隔壁小王（全息）作者：易人北 Xiao Wang next door (holographic) Author: Yi Renbei
文案： Copy:
13区所有人都知道隔壁小王不是隔壁老王的儿子。 Everyone in District 13 knows that Xiao Wang next door is not the son of Lao Wang next door.
但他们不知道隔壁小王重生了。 But they didn't know that Xiao Wang next door was reborn.
王叶原名王野种，他爸给他到派出所亲自报的名字，派出所的人把老王教训了一通，给小王重新取名叫王叶。
Wang Ye's original name was Wang Yechong, and his father gave him the name he reported to the police station in person, and the people at the police station taught Lao Wang a lesson and renamed Xiao Wang Ye again.
王叶小时候受的磋磨太多，没长成小可怜，却异变成了乖戾偏执桀骜不驯不信任任何人的阴狠魔鬼。
Wang Ye suffered too much when he was a child, and he didn't grow into a little pitiful, but he turned into a ruthless devil who was obedient, paranoid, unruly, and distrustful of anyone.
当跟所有敌人同归于尽的一刻，他放松地想着：TMD总算死了，这辈子也算值了，就这样吧。
When he died with all the enemies, he relaxed and thought: TMD is finally dead, and this life is worth it, so be it.
谁想，他竟然重生了，且重生在最操蛋的小时候。 Who would have thought that he was actually reborn, and reborn in the most fucked-up childhood.
这时候全世界刚刚推出一款游戏，名为《极度危险》，很多人说这就是全息游戏，但也有人说这就是新的异世界。
At this time, the world had just launched a game called "Extremely Dangerous", and many people said that this was a holographic game, but others said that this was a new different world.
上辈子超级贫穷的王叶直到十九岁才有机会进入这款游戏，那时他已经落后很多人。但就算这样，他还是凭借着他的狠辣、不怕死以及超级没下限的人品，在这个世界挣出了他的一片天地，之后更发现了这个世界的秘密……
Wang Ye, who was super poor in his previous life, didn't have the opportunity to enter this game until he was nineteen years old, and he was already a lot behind by then. But even so, he still relied on his ruthlessness, not afraid of death and super unbounded character to earn his piece of the world in this world, and then discovered the secrets of this world......
现在重生归来，他对把已经搞死过的敌人全都再搞死一遍已经没兴趣，那就玩玩游戏吧。
Now that he's back from rebirth, he's not interested in killing all the enemies he's already killed again, so let's play the game.
嗯，就随便玩玩~ Well, just play around~
内容标签： 奇幻魔幻 重生 游戏网游 爽文
Content tags: Fantasy Fantasy Rebirth Game Online Game Shuangwen
搜索关键字：主角：王叶 ┃ 配角：撒坦，雷木，闻笛 ┃ 其它：重生，游戏，爽文，魔法
Search Keywords: Protagonist: Wang Ye ┃ Supporting Role: Satan, Lei Mu, Wendi ┃ Others: Rebirth, Game, Shuangwen, Magic
一句话简介：隔壁小王极度危险 One sentence introduction: Xiao Wang next door is extremely dangerous
立意：性格决定命运，心有多大，天地有多大！ Idea: Character determines fate, how big the heart is, how big the world is!
作品简评： Brief review of the work:
王叶身携元宇宙钥匙重生归来，这一年全世界刚刚推出一款全息游戏，名为《极度危险》，这次他将提前十一年进入这个游戏。这辈子，王叶决定秉承人不犯我我不犯人的原则，就好好玩玩游戏，赚点小钱，养师父、养姑姑、养木头，如果能顺便让自己变强就更好。可惜树欲静而风不止……
Wang Yeshen returned with the key to the metaverse, and this year the world just launched a holographic game called "Extreme Danger", and this time he will enter this game eleven years in advance. In this life, Wang Ye decided to uphold the principle that people don't offend me and I don't offend others, just play games, make a little money, raise masters, aunts, and wood, and it would be better if I could make myself stronger by the way. It's a pity that the tree wants to be quiet and the wind doesn't stop......
本文行文流畅节奏明快，人物描写更是活灵活现跃然纸上，情节幽默诙谐。作者天马行空的想象力，庞大的世界架构更是给文章增加了可读性。
The writing is smooth and fast-paced, the character descriptions are vivid, and the plot is humorous and witty. The author's unbridled imagination and huge world structure add readability to the article.
第1章 被扔进海里 Chapter 1: Thrown into the sea
“船长，船舱里发现一个小孩。” "Captain, a child was found in the cabin."
大副禀告的同时，让人把一个男孩提了过来。 At the same time as the first mate made a statement, someone brought a boy over.
男孩身形很瘦小，也许六七岁，也许七八岁，皮肤偏黄，浑身都没二两肉，瘦得能看见肋骨，只腰间围了一块破布。
The boy was very thin, maybe six or seven years old, maybe seven or eight years old, with yellowish skin, no flesh on his body, so thin that he could see his ribs, and only a rag around his waist.
提着男孩的水手把男孩往船板上一扔。 The sailor carrying the boy threw the boy onto the board.
男孩趴在地上，慢慢蜷缩成一团。 The boy lay on the ground, slowly curled up in a ball.
船长皱眉，男孩身上青青肿肿都是伤，后脑勺很可能有伤口，短发和血黏成一团。左胳膊耷拉着，九成骨折了。
The captain frowned, the boy was bruised and swollen, and there was probably a wound on the back of his head, and the short hair and blood were sticking together. His left arm was hanging and ninety percent broken.
船长用脚翻过男孩正面，就见男孩腹部有大片的暗红色，这种伤可不好治，很可能是内伤。
The captain turned over the boy's front with his foot, and saw that the boy's abdomen was a large dark red color, which was not a good injury, and it was probably an internal injury.
男孩睁开眼睛看向船长。 The boy opened his eyes and looked at the captain.
船长突然发出嗤笑，这男孩闭着眼睛的时候看起来特弱小，但一睁开眼，就从头到脚浑身都散发出“我是刺头”之感。
The captain sneered, the boy looked very weak when his eyes were closed, but when he opened his eyes, he exuded a sense of "I am a thorn" from head to toe.
“扔掉。”船长没有半丝犹豫地下令。 "Throw it away." The captain gave the order without hesitation.
男孩的伤势一看就很不好治，就算能救得活，卖掉他能卖几个钱？海上药物多贵重，十个男孩都不够药钱的。
The boy's injuries are very difficult to treat at first glance, even if he can be saved, how much money can he sell for him? The medicine at sea is so expensive that ten boys are not enough to pay for it.
留下干活？这么小这么瘦弱的小孩能干什么活？而且这小孩看着可不像是感恩戴德的老实人。
Stay and work? What can such a small and thin child do? And this kid doesn't look like an honest man who is grateful to Dade.
船员没有二话，提起男孩就要往甲板走。 The crew didn't say a word, and when they mentioned the boy, they were about to go to the deck.
大副想到自家很长时间没有见到面的独子，生出了一点点恻隐之心：“前面就要到海草岛了，不如到那里再把他丢了吧。能活也是他的运气，不能活就是他的命。”
The first mate thought of his only son, whom he hadn't seen for a long time, and felt a little compassion: "I'm going to Seagrass Island in front, so it's better to throw him away there." It's his luck to be alive, and it's his life not to live. ”
船长冷笑：“这小子不买船票就偷上我的船，还想我把他带到海草岛？船上不是还有两个刚死的吗，一起扔了。”
The captain sneered: "This kid stole my boat without buying a ticket, and still wants me to take him to Seagrass Island?" Didn't there be two more who had just died on the ship, and they threw them together. ”
海草岛？这名字有点熟悉。男孩正在回忆他在哪儿听过这个名字。
Seagrass Island? The name is somewhat familiar. The boy was recalling where he had heard the name.
“是，船长！”船员再度提起男孩，他还故意捏他折断的左臂，怪笑道：“小子，带你去见海神，下辈子记得不要随便偷上别人的船。”
"Yes, Captain!" The crew mentioned the boy again, and he deliberately pinched his broken left arm, and said with a strange smile: "Boy, take you to see the sea god, remember not to steal someone else's ship casually in the next life." ”
大副皱皱眉头，“好了，这小孩交给我。你去处理那两具尸体。”
The first mate frowned, "Okay, I'll give this kid to me." You go and dispose of those two bodies. ”
船员不敢不听大副的话，把男孩交给大副。 The crew did not dare to disobey the first mate and handed over the boy to the first mate.
男孩完好的右手从船员手指和腰间一掠而过，速度快得惊人。
The boy's intact right hand swept past the crew's fingers and waist with astonishing speed.
那船员半点没有发现，喊了其他两个水手去搬尸体。 The crew didn't notice it at all, and called the other two sailors to move the body.
“尽量往左边那座岛游。”大副贴着男孩的耳朵快速地说道。
"Try to swim to the island on the left." The first mate spoke quickly to the boy's ear.
噗通，男孩最终还是被扔进了海里。 Poof, the boy was eventually thrown into the sea.
娘的，白嫖的果然没有人权。王叶抱着一个打水的破木桶浮出水面，吐出一口腥咸的海水。破木桶是大副塞给他的。他欠了大副一份因果，等以后有机会还吧。
Damn, the white prostitutes really have no human rights. Wang Ye surfaced with a broken wooden bucket for water and spat out a mouthful of salty seawater. The broken barrel was given to him by the first mate. He owes the first mate a piece of karma, and he will have a chance to pay it back later.
还好，刚才在船上他就看到附近有两座几乎平行的岛屿，游过去最多三五百米。运气更好的是，现在正是涨潮的时候。
Fortunately, just now on the boat, he saw two islands that were almost parallel to each other, swimming up to three or five hundred meters. Even luckier, it's time for high tide.
后脑勺和身上的伤口被海水腌得有点闷疼，但并不是那么难以忍受，他对疼痛的耐受度非常高，在别人那儿能达到九级的疼痛，在他这儿顶多三级。就是脑子晕乎乎的，这是脑震荡的后遗症。
The wounds on the back of his head and body were a little stuffy with the seawater, but they weren't so unbearable, and his tolerance to pain was very high, reaching level nine in others, and at most level three in his case. It's the dizziness of the brain, which is the sequelae of a concussion.
王叶把从船员那儿摸来的戒指套到大拇指上，钱袋只能放到破木桶里。对方扔他一次，捏他断臂一次，就用这枚戒指和钱袋做补偿吧。
Wang Ye put the ring he had touched from the crew on his thumb, and the money bag could only be placed in the broken barrel. The other party threw him once, pinched him once, and used this ring and money bag as compensation.
同时他还得到了两份因果之力。 At the same time, he also received two copies of the power of cause and effect.
一份来自船员，一份来自那名船长。 One from the crew, one from the captain.
他没付钱坐了人家的船，船长把他扔下海，也算了结一份因果。
He didn't pay for the ride on someone's boat, and the captain threw him overboard, and he settled a cause and effect.
王叶吸收了两份因果之力，身体里总算有了一点点能量，随后放松身体，把脑袋搁在木桶边沿，任由海浪推着他往海岛前行。
Wang Ye absorbed two parts of the power of cause and effect, and finally had a little energy in his body, then relaxed his body, rested his head on the edge of the barrel, and let the waves push him towards the island.
这是他重生第二天，他压根就没想过要这么快进入游戏，毕竟这款游戏的入门费可不低，最便宜的游戏头盔都要一万八千八，传说中的游戏舱更是价格高达十八万八。
This is the second day of his rebirth, and he never thought of entering the game so quickly, after all, the entry fee for this game is not low, the cheapest game helmet is 18,000, and the legendary game cabin is as high as 188,000.
如今能玩得起《极度危险》这个游戏的人，都是手上有钱又舍得花钱的人。
The people who can afford to play the game "Extreme Danger" today are the ones who have money in their hands and are willing to spend it.
谁想，他不过因为料理完某个人渣，太累了睡了一会儿，再醒来就在游戏中。
Who would have thought, he was just too tired to sleep for a while because he was too tired after cooking a certain scumbag, and then woke up in the game.
更神奇的是，他似乎不是脑电波进入，而是真身进入。 What's even more amazing is that he doesn't seem to have brain waves entering, but real body entering.
王叶猜测他能重生包括能真身进入游戏，可能都和他上辈子得到的那东西有关，而他会被那么多人围杀，甚至被人追到现实来也是因为那东西。
Wang Ye guessed that his ability to be reborn, including being able to enter the game in real life, might be related to the thing he got in his previous life, and he would be surrounded and killed by so many people, and even chased to reality because of that thing.
就是不知道真身进入游戏死亡后是否还可以复活。 I just don't know if the real body can be resurrected after dying in the game.
可惜他不敢试，如果试出来他只有一条命，死了后他找谁哭去？
It's a pity that he doesn't dare to try, if he tries out, he only has one life, who will he cry to when he dies?
另外重生后他的技能跟来了，可那个好不容易弄到手的大空间手镯却没了。
In addition, after being reborn, his skills followed, but the large space bracelet that he had managed to get his hands was gone.
《极度危险》这个破游戏有很多非常坑爹的设定，其中最著名也最让玩家抗议的两个就是：该游戏没有一般游戏都会配置的空间背包，也没有初始技能。
"Extreme Danger" is a broken game with a lot of very cheating settings, and the two most famous and the most protested by players are: the game does not have a space backpack that is usually configured in games, and there is no initial skill.
想要空间背包？可以，自己去找去买，或者自己去学习怎么制作。
Want a space backpack? Yes, you can find and buy it yourself, or learn how to make it yourself.
想要技能？只有一个方法，去学习，脚踏实地实实在在的学习。想要摁个按键就把技能学会并释放出来？做梦！
Want skills? There is only one way to learn, to learn in a down-to-earth manner. Want to learn and unleash a skill at the touch of a button? Dream!
不过这个游戏有一个好处，那就是玩家能把自己学过并掌握的技能带入到游戏世界并使用出来。
However, this game has the advantage of being able to bring the skills that players have learned and mastered into the game world and use them.
这也是王叶为什么一进入游戏就能使用因果之力的缘故。
This is also the reason why Wang Ye can use the power of cause and effect as soon as he enters the game.
其实游戏这些设定，从种种方面已经表明它根本就不是一个单纯的全息游戏世界，只是大家初期完全没有意识到。
In fact, these settings of the game have shown from various aspects that it is not a simple holographic game world at all, but everyone didn't realize it at the beginning.
噗通，噗通。 Puff, puff.
王叶接连听到了两声落水声，回头看，就见那船上又扔下两个人或尸体？
这两人原本都是船上的乘客，不知怎么死了，对于这种死在船上、又没有什么显赫身份的人，船长通常都只有一个处理方法：财产归他，人归大海。
These two were originally passengers on the ship, but somehow died, and the captain usually had only one way to deal with this kind of person who died on the ship and had no prominent status: the property belonged to him, and the people went to the sea.
其中一具尸体被扔进海里就沉甸甸地往下沉，过了一会儿浮上来，又被海浪打下去。
One of the bodies was thrown into the sea and sank heavily, and after a while it floated up and was knocked down by the waves.
另外一具尸体掉落海中，四肢突然抽动了下，慢慢的，几乎是无意识地就开始划动起来。
Another corpse fell into the sea, its limbs twitching suddenly, and slowly, almost unconsciously, began to paddle.
王叶只回头看了一眼就没再多看，他自己都保不住了，哪有闲心去管别人的死活。
Wang Ye only glanced back and didn't look any more, he couldn't save himself, how could he have the leisure to care about the life and death of others.
船上负责观察海面的水手看到两具尸体中的一具活了，但他半个字都没嚷嚷。被船长决定扔下船的人，就算还活着，那也是死了。
The sailor on the ship, who was in charge of observing the sea, saw that one of the two corpses was alive, but he did not say a word. The person who was thrown off the ship by the captain's decision, even if he was still alive, was dead.
一群嗜血的海鱼闻到血腥味，迅速跟在王叶身后，很快就把王叶包围在其中。
A group of bloodthirsty sea fish smelled the smell of blood and quickly followed behind Wang Ye, and soon surrounded Wang Ye in it.
这些鱼像是全都对王叶的后脑勺特别感兴趣，不停往王叶的后脑勺撞。仔细看就能看出，这些海鱼在咬王叶的头发，不，正确来说是在咬他的后脑勺伤口，且一副恨不得钻进他脑袋里的贪婪模样。
These fish seemed to be particularly interested in the back of Wang Ye's head, and kept hitting the back of Wang Ye's head. If you look closely, you can see that these sea fish are biting Wang Ye's hair, no, to be precise, they are biting the wound on the back of his head, and they look greedy and eager to burrow into his head.
原本已经止血的伤口又被这些海鱼撞得崩出鲜血。 The wound that had stopped bleeding was hit by these sea fish and burst into blood.
王叶不得不把脑袋尽量伸出水面，避免让自己的伤口碰到海水。
Wang Ye had to stick his head out of the water as much as possible to avoid letting his wounds touch the seawater.
快到岸边吧，如果鲨鱼什么的大型鱼类被吸引过来，他就惨定了。
Come to shore, if a shark or some other big fish is attracted, he'll be doomed.
砰，破木桶撞在了礁石上。 Bang, the broken barrel hit the reef.
前方就是海岛，王叶已经能看到大量肆意生长的棕榈树。
Ahead is the island, and Wang Ye can already see a large number of palm trees growing wantonly.
等等，左边的岛屿是哪一座？ Wait, which island is on the left?
不管了，他已经漂到这座岛屿，该咋滴就咋滴吧。 No matter what, he's already drifted to this island, so let's do it.
但在真正踏上海岛之前，他得先越过由无数大小不一的黑色礁石组成的礁石滩。
But before he could actually set foot on the island, he had to cross a reef beach made up of countless black reefs of various sizes.
王叶脸色有点发青，这样子被海浪推过去，他的肚皮和四肢非得被这些锋利的礁石给划烂不可。
Wang Ye's face was a little blue, and his belly and limbs had to be scratched by these sharp reefs when he was pushed by the waves like this.
他身后跟着的那群小鲨鱼似的海鱼还紧黏着他不放，他要是流出更多血液……
The group of small shark-like sea fish that followed him were still clinging to him, and if he bleeds more......
不行，得赶紧出水。 No, you have to get out of the water quickly.
王叶调转方向，往附近能看到的最大一块礁石游去，他得趁身上还有点力气，设法爬到那块礁石上，等退潮后再考虑上岸的事。
Wang Ye turned around and swam towards the largest reef he could see nearby, and he had to try to climb to the reef while he still had some strength, and wait for the tide to go back before thinking about going ashore.
王叶先把破木桶给放到了礁石上，这才单手扣着礁石缝隙，用力往上提起身体。
Wang Ye first put the broken wooden barrel on the reef, and then he clasped the gap in the reef with one hand and lifted his body upwards with force.
游过泳的人都知道，水里浮力大，尤其海水，但从海水里出来的时候，整个身体就像是被海水拉住一样，特别沉。
Anyone who has swam knows that there is a lot of buoyancy in the water, especially the seawater, but when you come out of the seawater, the whole body is as if it is pulled by the seawater, and it is very heavy.
王叶又只有一支胳膊可以用，提了几次都没能把自己成功提上礁石。他倒是想把两只脚也踩到礁石上，但他人小，现在又正是涨潮的时候，两只脚踩不到地面，也没办法像爬山一样踩到礁石上。
Wang Ye only had one arm to use, and he couldn't lift himself up the reef after lifting it a few times. He wanted to put his two feet on the reef as well, but he was small, and it was the time of high tide, so he couldn't step on the ground with two feet, and he couldn't step on the reef like a mountain.
王叶尝试了几次，累得筋疲力尽，索性就用单只手扣住礁石缝隙，把自己挂在了礁石上。
Wang Ye tried several times, but he was exhausted, so he simply clasped the gap in the reef with one hand and hung himself on the reef.
后面鱼群一直在尾随着他，还有海蛇游了过来。 The fish followed him, and the sea serpent swam over.
王叶危机雷达启动，逼近的强烈危险感让他不得不挤出剩下的力气，拼命往礁石上爬。
Wang Ye's crisis radar was activated, and the strong sense of danger that was approaching made him have to squeeze out his remaining strength and desperately climb up the reef.
一只大手突然抓住他的手腕，把他生生从海水里提了出来。
A large hand suddenly grabbed his wrist and lifted him out of the water.
第2章 相遇 Chapter 2: Encounters
王叶抬头看。 Wang Ye looked up.
就见把他提上礁石的是一个纹面青年，咋一看这张脸，特别诡异。但青年身材修长，一身肌肉贼漂亮，就是胸膛上有一条很深的伤口，伤口处血肉外翻，肉被海水泡得泛白，还在丝丝流血，看着就特别疼。
I saw that the person who lifted him up to the reef was a tattooed young man, and when I looked at this face, it was very weird. But the young man was slender and muscular and beautiful, but there was a deep wound on his chest, and the flesh and blood at the wound were turned out, and the flesh was soaked white by the seawater, and it was still bleeding, and it hurt very much to look at.
这个人，这张脸…… This man, this face......
晴空一声霹雳，王叶被炸成了呆瓜。 There was a thunderclap in the clear sky, and Wang Ye was blown up into a stupid melon.
这张脸他太熟悉了，上辈子他和这个人相处了整整七年。
This face was all too familiar to him, and he had been with this person for seven years in his previous life.
他以为进来后要想找到这个人还得花一些时间，毕竟他上辈子进入《极度危险》这个游戏已经十九岁，碰到这人时已经二十二。可他现在才八岁，《极度危险》也才刚刚运行不到两个月。
He thought it would take some time to find this person when he came in, after all, he was nineteen years old when he entered the game of "Extreme Danger" in his previous life, and he was twenty-two when he met this person. But he's only eight years old now, and "Extreme Danger" has only been running for less than two months.
中间整整差了十四年。 There was a difference of fourteen years in between.
没想到他刚进游戏就再次碰到了这个人，这是老天对他的特别眷顾吗？
I didn't expect him to meet this person again as soon as he entered the game, is this God's special favor for him?
还是因为他太过想念对方…… Or is it because he misses each other too much......
“贼老天，你可千万不要耍我。”王叶呢喃。 "Thief God, don't fool me." Wang Ye muttered.
他上辈子对得起天、对得起地，对得起所有人，唯独对两个人有亏欠，尤以面前这人为最。
In his previous life, he was worthy of the sky, the earth, and everyone, but he owed it to two people, especially the person in front of him.
原来这人这时还有明显的意识，竟然还知道救人。 It turned out that this person was still obviously conscious at this time, and he even knew how to save people.
可十四年后，这人已经变成了没有多少自我意识的药人。
But fourteen years later, this man has become a medicine man with little self-awareness.
这人和他在一起的七年，都是作为他的傀儡存在，被他当做武器，被他当做一个没有生命的游戏NPC。
This person has been with him for seven years, and he has been living as his puppet, using him as a weapon, and being treated by him as a lifeless game NPC.
直到他得到那东西后，他才知道《极度危险》这个游戏在地球运行的原因，也才知道《极度危险》中的游戏世界根本就是一个极为庞大的真实世界，里面的人和物，所有的一切自然也都是真实的。
It wasn't until he got that thing that he didn't know why the game "Extreme Danger" was running on Earth, and he also knew that the game world in "Extreme Danger" was an extremely large real world, and the people and things in it, everything was naturally real.
等他知道这个秘密，他师父和这个人都已经为了救他，没了。
By the time he knew the secret, his master and this person had already gone to save him.
虽然是仇家动的手，但又何尝不是他的自私自利和无耻害死了那两人。
Although it was the enemy's hand, it was not his selfishness and shamelessness that killed those two.
他无耻就无耻在他从没有真正重视过这两人，一直都把两人当成游戏道具一样看待，哪怕那时候他对这个游戏世界已经有所怀疑。
He was shameless because he never really valued these two people, and he always treated them as game props, even if he had doubts about this game world at that time.
那两人对他那么好，说是掏心掏肺也不为过，最后更为了他而死。
Those two were so good to him, it is not an exaggeration to say that they took out their hearts and lungs, and in the end they died for him.
可他却把这份好视作理所当然，视为游戏设定，更对一些明显的事实视而不见。
But he takes this goodness for granted, as a game setting, and ignores some obvious facts.
那时的他，偏狭、自私、顽固、狠辣、多疑，对所有感情都充满怀疑，不信任任何人，看谁都隔着一层。不管是真实的人还是游戏中的存在，对他来说都是一样的。
At that time, he was narrow-minded, selfish, stubborn, ruthless, suspicious, full of suspicion of all feelings, distrustful of anyone, and looked at everyone with a layer of separation. It doesn't matter if it's a real person or a presence in the game, it's the same for him.
他在知道那两人并不是设定的数据后无比后悔，他失去了对他最好的两个亲人，但一切都来不及了……
He regretted immensely after knowing that those two were not the set stats, he lost the two relatives who were best to him, but it was too late......
他最后选择和剩下的敌人同归于尽，不仅仅是因为他得了难以治疗的癌症，也因为真正关心他的人都已经从世间彻底消失，虽然这个癌症在游戏世界并不是不能治疗，但他不想费这个心了。
In the end, he chose to die with the rest of his enemies, not only because he had an incurable cancer, but also because the people who really cared about him had completely disappeared from the world, and although this cancer was not untreatable in the game world, he didn't want to bother with it.
他发现无论他赚多少钱、弄到多少好东西、变得多厉害，可身边没有分享的人，没有让他炫耀的存在，一切都是那么毫无意义。
He found that no matter how much money he earned, how many good things he got, and how powerful he became, there was no one around him to share with, no existence for him to show off, everything was so meaningless.
滚烫的泪水从男孩眼中流出。 Hot tears flowed from the boy's eyes.
直到现在他才真正有了重生之感，他很确定，这里不是平行世界，他是真的穿越了时间，回到了过去。他认错谁，都不可能认错这个人。
It was only now that he really felt reborn, and he was sure that this was not a parallel world, that he had really traveled back in time and back in time. Whoever he misrecognizes, it is impossible for him to misrecognize this person.
他认识的是这个人的灵魂。 He knew the soul of the man.
他修因果之力，不敢说对灵魂百分百了解，但他很清楚一点，这宇宙中哪怕有两片相同的叶子，也绝不会有两个完全相同的灵魂，哪怕是平行世界的他，灵魂和现在的他也会有些微不同。
He cultivated the power of cause and effect, and he didn't dare to say that he knew 100% about the soul, but he knew very well that even if there were two identical leaves in this universe, there would never be two souls that were exactly the same, and even if he was in a parallel world, the soul would be slightly different from the current one.
两个游戏NPC有灵魂，他却当成是特殊程序。 The two game NPCs have souls, but they treat them as special programs.
他不是眼瞎，他就是鸡窝里的鹅卵石，混蛋一个！ He's not blind, he's just a pebble in a hen's coop, a bastard!
青年没注意到男孩在无声流泪，在把男孩提上礁石后，青年就脱力一般躺在那儿不动了。
The young man did not notice that the boy was crying silently, and after lifting the boy up the rock, the young man lay there unmoved.
王叶也没力气了，也不管礁石上还有坑坑洼洼的积水，顺势在青年身边躺下。
Wang Ye also had no strength, and he didn't care that there were still potholes and stagnant water on the reef, so he took advantage of the situation and lay down beside the young man.
只是他躺下时，完好的右手硬是握住了青年满是老茧的大手，身体也挨得紧紧的。
It's just that when he lay down, his intact right hand held the young man's calloused big hand, and his body was also tight.
青年忽然慢腾腾地开口道：“小孩，我不是你爸爸，你不要抓我那么紧。”
The young man suddenly spoke slowly: "Child, I am not your father, don't hold me so tightly." ”
王叶上辈子和这人胡侃惯了，张嘴就道：“我是你爸爸，你叫我爸，我对你好一辈子。”
Wang Ye was used to talking nonsense with this person in his previous life, and he opened his mouth and said: "I am your father, you call me dad, I have been good to you all my life." ”
上辈子青年听他说什么都没反应，这会儿，青年却贼啦光棍地回道：“哦，小爸爸，那你能不哭了吗？你哭得让我以为我死了。”
In the previous life, the young man didn't react to what he said, but at this moment, the young man replied in a thief: "Oh, little father, can you stop crying?" You cried so much that I thought I was dead. ”
王叶：“你没死，是你妈死了。” Wang Ye: "You didn't die, your mother died." ”
青年噗嗤笑，笑着笑着就没了声音。 The young man sneered, laughed and laughed and lost his voice.
吓得王叶不顾身体伤势，翻过身去探青年的鼻息，幸好！
Frightened, Wang Ye ignored his physical injuries and turned over to probe the young man's snort, fortunately!
吧嗒，一条巴掌大的海虾从海浪中蹦到了王叶肚子上。 A palm-sized shrimp jumped from the waves to Wang Ye's stomach.
原本半死不活的王叶突然爆发出超级行动力，以无与伦比的速度和准头，单手一把扣住那只海虾。
Wang Ye, who was originally half-dead, suddenly burst out with super action, and with unparalleled speed and accuracy, he grabbed the sea shrimp with one hand.
他要尽快好起来，他还有一个好大儿要养！ He wants to get better as soon as possible, he still has a good child to raise!
男孩用嘴巴咬住虾尾，单手拔掉虾头，没工夫去虾线，直接咬开虾壳，吃里面新鲜的虾肉。
The boy bit the tail of the shrimp with his mouth, plucked the head of the shrimp with one hand, and did not have time to remove the shrimp line, so he directly bit the shell of the shrimp and ate the fresh shrimp meat inside.
被拔了脑袋的虾子还没死透，肉还一跳一跳的。 The shrimp that had its head pulled out was not dead yet, and the meat was still jumping and jumping.
【玩家隔壁小王成功捕获零级海虾一只，经验值+1。】
[Xiao Wang next door to the player successfully captured a zero-level shrimp, and the experience point is +1.] 】
王叶无视脑中冒出的提示音，两口就把一只虾尾肉给吃完，这点虾肉不但没有填饱他的肚子，反而唤醒了他的强烈饥饿感。
Wang Ye ignored the prompt sound that popped up in his head, and ate a shrimp tail meat in two bites, which not only did not fill his stomach, but awakened his strong hunger.
渴！饿！ Thirsty! Hungry!
王叶望着蕴藏着大量食物的海潮，眼睛都绿了。 Wang Ye looked at the tide of the sea, which contained a lot of food, and his eyes were green.
他现在重伤不能动？手上也没有合适的捕鱼工具？ He's too injured to move now? Don't have the right fishing tools on hand?
没关系，他有独特的捕鱼技巧。 It doesn't matter, he has unique fishing skills.
王叶面朝大海露出了狰狞的笑容：你们以为你们爷爷的血液就是那么好吃的吗？
Wang Ye showed a hideous smile towards the sea: Do you think your grandfather's blood is so delicious?
刚才你们不是追着想吃掉我吗，现在爷爷就让你们知道什么叫因果之力。
Didn't you chase after me just now and try to eat me, and now Grandpa will let you know what the power of cause and effect is.
谁吃了我的因，就要还我的果！ Whoever eats of my cause will pay back my fruit.
刚才你们吃掉多少，现在就要还我多少倍。 How much you ate just now, you have to pay me back now.
因果之力发动。 The power of cause and effect is activated.
一副模糊不清的画卷在空中快速展开。 A blurry picture unfolded rapidly in the air.
王叶手指一勾，画卷中一条因果线被挑起。 Wang Ye hooked his fingers, and a causal line in the scroll was provoked.
凡是被这条因果线连上的生物全都向这块礁石集中而来。
All the creatures connected by this causal line are concentrated on this reef.
但！王叶以为的鱼如雨下的盛况并没有出现。 But! The pomp and circumstance that Wang Ye thought was raining down on fish did not appear.
啪嗒，只一条小臂长的青黑色海鱼落到了礁石上。
那青黑色海鱼还拍着鱼尾蹦跶着想往海里跳。
来了你还想走？王叶抄起破木桶在那条鱼脑袋上砸了好几下，那海鱼终于不动了，王叶也累得瘫在那儿。
Do you still want to leave? Wang Ye picked up the broken wooden bucket and smashed it on the fish's head several times, the sea fish finally didn't move, and Wang Ye was so tired that he collapsed there.
他的伤势很重，内脏也受伤了，如果换了别的八岁孩子，这时不是昏迷不醒，就是疼得抽泣不停。
His injuries were severe, and his internal organs were also injured, and if he had been replaced by another eight-year-old child, he would have either been unconscious or sobbing in pain.
也就王叶对疼痛耐受度非常高，才能带着满身伤还敢这样乱来。
It is also Wang Ye's very high tolerance for pain, so he can dare to mess around like this with a full body of injuries.
上辈子这时候他可是在家里的水泥地上躺了一天一夜，如果不是他那个疯子姑姑发现他没去学校，跑来找他，他可能就那么无声无息地死在家里。
At this time in his previous life, he had been lying on the concrete floor of his house for a day and a night, and if it weren't for his crazy aunt, who found out that he didn't go to school and came to him, he might have died so silently at home.
【玩家隔壁小王成功捕获一级海鱼一条，经验值+10。】
[The player's next door Xiao Wang successfully caught a first-class sea fish, and the experience point was +10.] 】
一条鱼……也不少了。 A fish...... Not a lot.
他忘了现在的他可不是那个曾经九十九级的大佬，他现在就一级……好吧，连一级都没有，而是正在从零级向一级迈进。
He forgot that he was not the ninety-ninth level boss who used to be, he was one level now...... Well, not even one level, but is moving from zero to one.
如果不是这些吃他血的海生物都是些没有智慧、精神力低下的低级生物，他连一条都抓不过来。
If it weren't for the fact that these sea creatures that ate his blood were all low-level creatures with no intelligence and low mental power, he wouldn't have been able to catch even one.
值得庆幸的是这次利用因果之力捕获的是一条一级海鱼，而不是零级。
Thankfully, this time the power of cause and effect was used to catch a first-class marine fish, not a zero-level fish.
王叶抓鱼不止是想饱腹，他更想获得的是因果之力。 Wang Ye didn't just want to fill his stomach when he caught fish, he wanted to get the power of cause and effect.
那些海生物想要吃他的血，他抓住那些鱼杀死或吃掉，一条因果线完结，他就能获得一份因果之力。
Those sea creatures want to eat his blood, he catches those fish and kills or eats them, and when a causal line is completed, he can gain a causal power.
对于王叶来说，他修炼的因果之力可以划分为两种，一种是因果还没有了结的，一种是了结的。前者他可以用来攻击和帮助相关因果者，后者他可以用来吸收。
For Wang Ye, the power of cause and effect in his cultivation can be divided into two types, one is that the cause and effect have not yet been concluded, and the other is concluded. The former he can use to attack and help the causal person in question, and the latter he can use to absorb.
抓住并杀死这条海鱼，他就能吸收一份因果之力。 Catch and kill the fish, and he will absorb a force of cause and effect.
真身进入的最大好处就是可以让他用吸收来的因果之力修复自身伤势，而不是用在升级上。
The biggest advantage of entering the real body is that it allows him to use the absorbed causal power to repair his own injuries, rather than using it to level up.
按照上辈子的经验，他在游戏中学会的因果之力不止可以作用在游戏身体中，对他的实际身体也一样有效果。天知道他上辈子在实际生活中发现这点有多么惊讶。
According to the experience of his previous life, the power of cause and effect he learned in the game can not only be applied to the game body, but also to his actual body. God knows how surprised he was to find this in real life in his previous life.
只不过游戏世界的能量似乎更活跃，更容易吸收。同样一个因果，他在地球只能吸收到1点因果之力，但在游戏世界就能吸收到10点，差不多是十倍的差异。
It's just that the energy of the game world seems to be more active and easier to absorb. For the same cause and effect, he can only absorb 1 point of causal power on Earth, but he can absorb 10 points in the game world, which is almost a tenfold difference.
如果因果之力足够，他甚至可以不用伤药。这种力量真的是非常特殊且强大的能量，用处多多，可惜他现在能吸收到的极少。
If the power of cause and effect is sufficient, he can even do without the medicine of injury. This kind of power is really very special and powerful energy, and it is very useful, but unfortunately he can absorb very little now.
王叶吸收完一份因果之力，再次使用因果线强行抓捕吃过他血的海鱼。
After absorbing a piece of the power of cause and effect, Wang Ye used the cause and effect line again to forcibly capture the sea fish that had eaten his blood.
又一条海鱼落下，王叶故技重施，用破木桶砸海鱼的脑袋，直到把海鱼砸死。
Another sea fish fell, and Wang Ye repeated his old trick, smashing the head of the sea fish with a broken wooden barrel until the sea fish was crushed to death.
第二份因果之力到手，同样吸收掉。 The second force of cause and effect is also absorbed.
连续抓捕五次，得到了三条零级海鱼，两条一级。他体内也积蓄了足够发动一次鉴定术的能量。
Caught five times in a row, three zero-level marine fish and two first-class fish were obtained. He also had enough energy in his body to perform an identification technique.
第3章 鉴定术 Chapter 3 Identification
王叶上辈子刚进入游戏时，因为思维还局限在传统网游中，当发现这个游戏不限制技能和职业学习数量，就想把所有专业技能都学到手。
When Wang Ye first entered the game in his previous life, because his thinking was still limited to traditional online games, when he found that this game did not limit the number of skills and career learning, he wanted to learn all professional skills.
他初期真的花了大量时间和精力学习了很多在后来的他看来很没必要的技能，什么采矿、铁匠、裁缝、园丁、采药、木工……
He really spent a lot of time and energy in the early days learning a lot of skills that he later thought were unnecessary, such as mining, blacksmithing, tailoring, gardener, medicine picking, carpentry, ......
等到后来他发现这些技能都要实际掌握，也就是挖矿你要真的拿铁镐去矿洞里找矿再挖出来。在这之前，你还得学习各种矿物知识后，他放弃了继续进修。
Later, he found out that these skills had to be mastered, that is, to mine, you really had to take an iron pickaxe to the mine to find ore and then dig it out. Before that, you had to learn all kinds of minerals, and he gave up continuing his education.
为此他看起来什么都学了，实际上却都只学了个皮毛。 For this reason, he seems to have learned everything, but in fact he has only learned a little scratch.
不过也就因为他前期什么乱七八糟的都学，后期才无意间触发了极少有人能触发的“鉴定术”的学习条件，然后为了提高鉴定术，他又转回头去学习更多知识。也算是一饮一啄，因果自定。
However, it was because he learned everything messily in the early stage, and in the later stage, he inadvertently triggered the learning conditions of "appraisal technique" that very few people can trigger, and then in order to improve appraisal technique, he turned back to learn more knowledge. It can also be regarded as a drink and a peck, and the cause and effect are self-determined.
王叶手指按在一条海鱼身上，心中默念：“鉴定是否可以食用。”
Wang Ye pressed his finger on a sea fish, and silently recited in his heart: "Determine whether it is edible or not." ”
单一鉴定可以减少能量消耗，王叶现在什么都缺，对能量当然要省着用。
A single identification can reduce energy consumption, Wang Ye is now lacking everything, and of course he must save energy.
瞬间，王叶眼前展开了一本书，书封上有《百科全书》字样。
In an instant, Wang Ye opened a book in front of his eyes, and the words "Encyclopedia" were on the book cover.
书页打开，先是一片空白，随后出现了几个字，那几个字又扭曲着消失，之后又出现，反复了好几次。
The page opened, first blank, then a few words, which twisted and vanished, and then reappeared, and repeated several times.
最后一个文字接一个文字，终于稳定地冒出来，呈现在书页上：【青占鱼，可食用，生食熟食皆可。】
The last text one after another finally emerged steadily and appeared on the page: [Qingzhan fish, edible, raw and cooked. 】
太好了！鉴定术果然能用。 That's great! Identification really works.
虽然他的鉴定术也降级了，原本被记录得满满的百科全书再次变成了一片空白。
Although his identification skills have also been downgraded, the encyclopedia that was once full of records has once again become a blank slate.
他因果之力会掉到零级，是因为他换了身体。 His causal power would drop to level zero because he had changed his body.
鉴定术会掉级，则是因为他没能记住百科全书上的所有知识。
The reason why he dropped out of his appraisal was because he couldn't remember everything in the encyclopedia.
鉴定术的基础就是各种知识的累积，他本人接触过的知识越多，他的鉴定术就越准确，鉴定出的内容也会越多。
如果他能把这些知识全都记住，那么他的鉴定术也不会掉级。
If he can memorize all this knowledge, then his identification skills will not be dropped.
问题是他曾经记录在百科全书上的知识点太多太多，他曾经为了丰富百科全书上的内容，特意跑了游戏世界和现实世界好几个大型图书馆，在里面日以继夜地翻阅各种书籍和资料。
The problem is that he has recorded too many knowledge points in the encyclopedia, and in order to enrich the content of the encyclopedia, he has deliberately run several large libraries in the game world and the real world, and has been reading various books and materials in them day and night.
那种阅读法，他根本没办法把所有知识都吃透和记录下来，只做到了让百科全书记录。
In that kind of reading, he couldn't eat and record all the knowledge at all, so he only made the encyclopedia record.
现在他想要提升鉴定术，就必须把这些知识重新记录到百科全书上。
Now if he wants to improve his identification skills, he must re-record this knowledge in the encyclopedia.
等他回去，他就去跑图书馆！ When he gets back, he'll run to the library!
不过这辈子他会尽力把那些知识都记在自己脑中，而不只是记录在百科全书上。
But in this life, he will try his best to keep all that knowledge in his head, not just in an encyclopedia.
青占鱼，地球也有同样名字的海鱼，不过地球的青占鱼可不会追着受伤流血的人跑。
The herring fish, the earth also has a sea fish with the same name, but the earth's herring fish will not run after the injured and bleeding people.
大概是生存环境类似的缘故，这个游戏世界的生物不少都与地球类同，就连名字都相似。
Probably because of the similar living environment, many of the creatures in this game world are similar to the earth, and even the names are similar.
一开始，大家都以为这是游戏设定。一个游戏世界的大多数设定和现实世界相同，那不是很正常的事情吗？
At first, everyone thought it was the game setting. Isn't it normal for a game world to be mostly set up in the same way as the real world?
可当王叶知道这个游戏世界并不是一个虚拟世界，就感到很怪异了。他怀疑这个世界必然与地球之间有某种深刻的联系，只不过到他上辈子死亡那刻，他也没有查清楚这个秘密。
But when Wang Ye knew that this game world was not a virtual world, he felt very weird. He suspected that there must be some deep connection between this world and the earth, but by the time he died in his previous life, he had not found out the secret.
游戏的秘密先放一边，他这辈子对探查两个世界的秘密也没兴趣，在重生归来的第一天他就决定了，这辈子他就轻轻松松地过，人不犯我我不犯人，什么争霸争强争名夺利都跟他无关，也不想把报复过的仇人再报复一遍，如果他们不再次来找麻烦的话。
Put aside the secrets of the game.,He's not interested in exploring the secrets of the two worlds in his life.,On the first day of rebirth, he decided.,In this life, he'll live easily.,People don't offend me, I don't offend people.,What hegemony and fame and fortune have nothing to do with him.,I don't want to take revenge on the enemies who have been avenged again.,If they don't come to trouble again.。
这辈子他就想找到师父和木头，把他们好好养大……咳，是好好照顾，和他们一起好好过。
In this life, he wanted to find Master and Wood and raise them well...... Ahem, it's to take good care of them and have a good time with them.
现在他已经找到木头，接下来就是照顾好木头和他自己，然后再去找师父。
Now that he has found the wood, the next step is to take care of the wood and himself, and then go to the master.
人生有了明确目标的王叶浑然忘了自己的伤势，得到鉴定结果后，立刻爬到礁石边沿，用破木桶和手指，又抠又撬，搞了一只牡蛎下来。
Wang Ye, who had a clear goal in life, completely forgot about his injury, and after getting the appraisal results, he immediately climbed to the edge of the reef, used a broken wooden barrel and his fingers, picked and prying, and made an oyster down.
只有一只手，搞这几乎生长在礁石上的东西非常费力。 With only one hand, it is very laborious to engage in this thing that grows almost on the reef.
王叶搞下这只牡蛎也不是为了吃里面的肉，他拿起牡蛎在礁石上变换角度来回砸，直到砸开牡蛎，再取牡蛎壳当刀。这玩意可锋利，削人肉杠杠的。
Wang Ye didn't get this oyster to eat the meat inside, he picked up the oyster and smashed it back and forth on the reef at a different angle until the oyster was broken, and then took the oyster shell as a knife. This thing can be sharp and sharp.
里面的牡蛎肉被他弄脏，就没吃。 The oyster meat inside was soiled by him, so he didn't eat it.
王叶一脚踩住鱼身，用牡蛎壳刀先切开头部大血管放血，再切掉头部，接着剖开鱼腹掏出内脏。
Wang Ye stepped on the body of the fish with one foot, used an oyster shell knife to first cut the large blood vessels in the head to bleed, then cut off the head, and then cut open the belly of the fish and took out the internal organs.
掏出的内脏和切掉的鱼头也没扔，就丢到破木桶里。 The entrails and the severed fish heads were not thrown away, but were thrown into the broken barrels.
鱼皮上可能有寄生虫，口感也不好，全都切掉不要。 There may be parasites on the skin of the fish, and the taste is not good, so cut them all off.
剩下的鱼身肉用海水反复冲洗，再用牡蛎壳刀切成薄片，做成生鱼片。
The remaining meat is rinsed repeatedly with seawater and then thinly sliced with an oyster shell knife to make sashimi.
带着海水味、血水也没沥尽的青占鱼肉有点腥，但这时条件不够，也只能凑合。
The meat of the green carp, which smells of seawater and has not been drained of blood, is a little fishy, but the conditions are not enough at this time, so it can only be improvised.
生鱼片蘸酱油和芥末，能提鲜去腻，这时候没有，吃的就是个原味。
Sashimi dipped in soy sauce and wasabi can improve freshness and greasy, but at this time, there is no such thing, and it is an original taste.
还好，不难吃。仔细品，还有生鱼片特有的甘甜，就是吃多了容易腻。
Fortunately, it's not unpleasant. Taste carefully, and the unique sweetness of sashimi, but it is easy to get tired after eating too much.
王叶连续吃了两条一级青占鱼，才有饱腹感，一直不太舒服的胃部也得到了一定抚慰。
Wang Ye ate two first-class herring fish in a row before he felt full, and his stomach, which had always been uncomfortable, was also soothed to a certain extent.
“分我一口？”身边冒出沙哑的嗓音。 "Take a bite of me?" A hoarse voice came from beside him.
王叶打了个哆嗦，切下一块鱼肉就往青年嘴里塞：“吃吧，随便吃。爸爸养你！”
Wang Ye shuddered, cut off a piece of fish meat and stuffed it into the young man's mouth: "Eat, eat whatever you want." Daddy raises you! ”
青年眼睛半睁看着小孩，刚把嘴里的鱼肉咽下，又一块鱼肉碰到他嘴唇上。
The young man looked at the child with his eyes half-open, and just swallowed the fish in his mouth, another piece of fish touched his lips.
青年把王叶之前用因果线捕捉到的三条零级青占鱼全吃了。
The young man ate all the three zero-level Qingzhan fish that Wang Ye had caught with the causal line before.
他应该还没吃饱，但精神不足，很快又昏睡过去。 He should not have eaten enough, but he was not well defined, and soon fell asleep again.
王叶却很高兴，能吃东西就是好事。青年体质很是强健，后来当药人都能顽强地活下来，现在这点伤应该更不在话下。
Wang Ye was very happy, it was a good thing to be able to eat. The young man's physique is very strong, and he can survive tenaciously when he becomes a medicine man, and now this injury should not be a problem.
不过光吃鱼肉没有伤药还是不行，他们尤其缺乏淡水。 However, it is not enough to eat fish without medicine, and they especially lack fresh water.
而且礁石上没有躲避太阳的地方，虽然今天太阳不算特别火辣，不时在云朵里钻进钻出，但海边哪怕不出太阳，这季节照样能晒脱皮。
And there is no place to hide from the sun on the reef, although the sun is not particularly hot today, and from time to time it gets in and out of the clouds, but even if the sun does not appear on the beach, it can still be sunburned and peeled in this season.
王叶舔了舔嘴唇，探头看看礁石下面的海水，海水总算有了退潮的迹象。
Wang Ye licked his lips and looked at the sea water below the reef, and the sea water finally showed signs of ebbing.
礁石下方半露出一个凹陷，王叶用破木桶比划了半天，终于找到一个合适的地方卡进去。
A depression was half-exposed under the reef, and Wang Ye used the broken wooden barrel to compare for a long time, and finally found a suitable place to clip in.
海浪恰恰没过破木桶的上端，有礁石卡着，也不怕破木桶被海浪卷走。
The waves did not pass the upper end of the broken barrel, there was a reef stuck, and there was no fear that the broken barrel would be swept away by the waves.
设置好破木桶，王叶就没在管。他也就是碰碰运气，能抓住一些海货最好，抓不住也无所谓。
After setting up the broken wooden barrel, Wang Ye didn't care. He is also trying his luck, it is best to catch some seafood, and it doesn't matter if he can't catch it.
礁石上有海带被挂住。 There is kelp hanging on the reef.
王叶把海带扯下来，闻了闻，用海水略微冲洗了下，把海带盖到了青年的脸上和伤口上，这样可以避免皮肤被直接暴晒。
Wang Ye tore off the kelp, sniffed it, rinsed it slightly with seawater, and covered the young man's face and wounds with the kelp, so as to avoid direct exposure to the skin.
海带上带着的盐水渗进胸前伤口里，青年的身体轻微抖动了下，但仍旧没有醒来。
The salt water from the kelp seeped into the wound on his chest, and the young man's body shook slightly, but he still didn't wake up.
王叶摸摸青年的额头，没有发烧，这让他大大松了口气。
Wang Ye touched the young man's forehead, and there was no fever, which made him greatly relieved.
接下来王叶总算有闲心查看他摸来的那枚戒指和那个钱袋。
Next, Wang Ye finally had the leisure to check the ring and the money bag he touched.
钱袋没什么好说的，打开看，里面只有两个银币十六个铜币。
There was nothing to say about the money bag, and when I opened it, there were only two silver coins and sixteen copper coins inside.
一个铜币相当于一块钱，一个银币相当于一百块。这水手的随身财产竟然才只有两百十六块，够穷的了。
A copper coin is worth a dollar, and a silver coin is worth a hundred. The sailor's personal property was only two hundred and sixteen dollars, which was poor enough.
再看戒指。 Look at the ring again.
戒指造型称不上精美，但做工还算细致。 The shape of the ring is not exquisite, but the workmanship is quite detailed.
要是空间戒指就好了，虽然他明知不太可能。这个游戏世界中的空间储物工具很珍贵，普通人不是撞大运基本不可能拥有。
It would have been nice if it had been a spatial ring, though he knew it was unlikely. The space storage tools in this game world are very precious, and it is basically impossible for ordinary people to have them without luck.
上辈子他达到六十级才在他师父和木头的帮助下弄到一个空间很大的储物手镯，过程各种折腾。
In his previous life, he had reached level 60 before he could get a storage bracelet with a lot of space with the help of his master and wood, and the process was all kinds of tosses.
重生后不但游戏等级清零，那支储物手镯也不见了。 After respawning, not only was the game level cleared, but the storage bracelet was also missing.
幸好他在生命的最后一段时间把他辛辛苦苦积攒的好东西全都卖掉换成了钱，那笔钱一部分被他送了出去，给了某些曾经帮助过他的人，剩下的就全部被他用来对付仇人了。
Fortunately, in the last period of his life, he sold all the good things he had worked hard to accumulate and exchanged them for money, and some of that money was given away by him to some people who had helped him, and the rest was used by him to deal with his enemies.
那可是很大一笔悬赏金，他相信他剩下的还没有被他搞死的仇人一定会在他死后活得非常愉快。可惜他不能欣赏到那些人“愉快”的嘴脸。
It was a large bounty, and he was confident that the rest of his enemies, who had not yet been killed by him, would live happily after his death. It's a pity that he can't appreciate the "pleasant" faces of those people.
王叶嘴角翘了翘。他上辈子虽然短暂，也算活得很值。死时是有些遗憾，可比起不甘，他更有一种“终于结束”的解脱感。
The corners of Wang Ye's mouth curled. Although his last life was short, it was worth living. When he died, he was a little regretful, but compared with unwillingness, he had a sense of relief that "it was finally over".
谁想他竟然能重生，而且刚进入游戏就遇到了他最想找到的人。
Who would have thought that he would be able to be reborn, and as soon as he entered the game, he met the person he wanted to find the most.
王叶忍不住又摸了摸青年的脉搏，鼓动的脉搏让他再次安心，贼老天总算做了次人。
Wang Ye couldn't help but touch the pulse of the young man again, the agitated pulse made him feel at ease again, and the thief finally became a second person.
既然这辈子运气不错，那他摸到的这枚戒指……说不定那水手眼瞎，手握宝物不自知也有可能啊。
Since he was lucky in this life, the ring he touched ...... Maybe the sailor was blind and held the treasure without knowing it.
“贼老天，给点面子哈。”王叶抱着三分赌博的心，对戒指进行了详细鉴定。
"Thief God, give me some face." Wang Ye held the heart of three points of gambling and made a detailed appraisal of the ring.
就算不是空间戒指，他也需要知道这枚戒指的价值，这样才能让他把这第一桶金利益最大化。
Even if it wasn't a space ring, he needed to know the value of this ring, so that he could maximize the benefits of this first pot of gold.
只有他能看见的百科全书再次打开，空白页上浮现出一行行文字：
The encyclopedia, which only he could see, opened again, revealing lines of text on the blank page:
【普通镶嵌红石的男式戒指，无等级，无特殊能量，无特殊作用。历任佩戴者不详。制作时间在十八年到二十年内，制作者不详。制作手艺一般。戒身为绞丝工艺，制作材料是纯铜，重4克。戒指尺寸为……。戒面镶嵌石颜色为深红色，非宝石，重量5克拉。红石尺寸为……。以上，整只戒指的市场估价约为3到5枚银币。】
[Ordinary men's rings inlaid with red stones, no grade, no special energy, no special effect. Previous wearers unknown. The production time is between 18 and 20 years, and the maker is unknown. The craftsmanship is average. The ring is made of pure copper and weighs 4 grams. The ring size is ....... The ring is dark red in color, non-precious stone, and weighs 5 carats. Redstone is ...... in size. Above, the market estimate for the entire ring is about 3 to 5 silver coins. 】
老爷天显然不想给他面子，还给了他一巴掌。戒指不但不是他心心念念的空间戒指，还不怎么值钱。
The old man obviously didn't want to give him face, and gave him a slap in the face. Not only is the ring not the space ring he has in mind, but it is not very valuable.
王叶也知道开局就拿到这个游戏世界也很难得到的空间储物工具是件概率非常低的事，倒也不怎么失望。
Wang Ye also knew that it was a very low probability to get a space storage tool that was difficult to obtain in this game world at the beginning, and he was not very disappointed.
好歹这戒指还值个三五百块，也正是现在一贫如洗的他需要的。
Anyway, this ring is still worth three or five hundred yuan, which is exactly what he needs now, who is destitute.
作者有话要说： The author has something to say:
王叶：我和雷木现在是父子亲，我是爸爸，一定要铭记这点。
Wang Ye: Lei Mu and I are now father and son, and I am my father, so we must remember this.
雷木：…… Raimu: ......
第4章 海沟村 Chapter 4: Trench Village
在王叶两人被晒成咸鱼干之前，潮水终于退去，礁石滩整个显露了出来。
Before Wang Ye and the others were dried salted fish, the tide finally receded, and the reef beach was completely exposed.
一只巴掌大的海蟹和几只长得很像皮皮虾的虾子被留在破木桶里。
A palm-sized sea crab and several shrimp that looked like skin shrimp were left in the broken wooden barrel.
王叶把想逃跑的海蟹拨回桶里，再探头往下一看。 Wang Ye pushed the sea crab that wanted to escape back into the bucket, and then looked down.
涨潮的时候看不出来，潮水一退，这块礁石竟然离地有十米高。
At high tide, you can't see it, but when the tide recedes, the reef is ten meters above the ground.
他一个重伤的残废要怎么爬下去？更何况还有一个昏迷不醒的。
How can he climb down a badly injured cripple? Not to mention that there is also an unconscious one.
幸好这块礁石并不是直上直下的直筒型，中间有不少凸凹的落脚点，一边还是斜坡。
Fortunately, this reef is not a straight tube type, there are many convex and concave footholds in the middle, and one side is still a slope.
王叶正想法子要从礁石上挪下去，就听到一阵说话声。 Wang Ye was about to move down from the reef when he heard a burst of talking.
这座岛屿的土著趁着退潮出来赶海了。
一个比王叶大不了两岁的光屁屁男孩率先发现了他们。 A bare-fed boy who was no more than two years older than Wang Ye was the first to spot them.
“爷爷，那里有两个人！” "Grandpa, there are two people there!"
王叶大喜，连忙对他们挥手：“救命！帮帮忙！下不去了。”
Wang Ye was overjoyed, and hurriedly waved to them: "Help!" Help! I can't go down. ”
在当地岛民上来之前，王叶把戒指和钱袋都藏到了破木桶里，用鱼头和内脏盖住，最上面放海蟹和皮皮虾，再把牡蛎壳刀夹在了手指缝中。
Before the local islanders came up, Wang Ye hid the ring and money bag in a broken wooden barrel, covered it with fish heads and internal organs, put sea crabs and skin shrimp on top, and clamped the oyster shell knife between his fingers.
在当地人的帮助下，王叶和纹面青年一起被救了下来，送到了棕榈林边沿。
With the help of the locals, Wang Ye was rescued along with the tattooed youth and sent to the edge of the palm forest.
王叶看着这棕榈树有点眼熟，抬手就摸了摸树干，下意识就刷了个鉴定：“鉴定这是什么种类的树，有什么功效。”
Wang Ye looked at this palm tree a little familiar, raised his hand and touched the trunk, and subconsciously brushed an identification: "Identify what kind of tree this is and what effect it has." ”
百科全书展开，给出答案：【糖棕，可取雄树花絮汁液制作成棕糖，也可酿酒和酿醋和作为饮料饮用。糖棕果，可食。树干可做独木舟或建筑材料。叶片可做扇子，也可做覆盖房顶的苫，或编织成草席等。棕毛可以搓成绳子使用。】
The encyclopedia expands and gives the answer: [Sugar palm, which can be made into brown sugar from the sap of male tree tidbits, can also be used to make wine and vinegar and drink as a drink. Sugar palm fruit, edible. The trunk can be used as a canoe or as a building material. The leaves can be used as fans, as tomatoshi to cover the roof, or woven into straw mats. Brown fur can be rolled into rope for use. 】
好东西啊！王叶仰头看着雄树的花蕊感叹。这糖棕眼看着在这座岛上就有不少，想来这座岛的岛民应该不缺糖吃，说不定还能靠着制棕糖发家致富。
Good stuff! Wang Ye looked up at the stamen of the male tree and sighed. There are a lot of these sugar brown eyes on this island, and the islanders who want to come to this island should not lack sugar to eat, and maybe they can make a fortune by making brown sugar.
而且有糖棕，这一片应该属于热带气候，不用担心冬季。
And there is sugar brown, this piece should belong to the tropical climate, don't worry about winter.
岛民们对一大一小很好奇，围着他们指指戳戳。 The islanders were curious about the big and the small, and pointed and poked around them.
王叶不得不提高声音，大声问道：“水，请问有淡水吗？能给我们淡水喝吗？”
Wang Ye had to raise his voice and asked loudly, "Water, is there fresh water?" Can you give us fresh water to drink? ”
王叶不担心这里的人听不懂他的话。 Wang Ye wasn't worried that the people here wouldn't understand him.
这个游戏对玩家最友善的地方，就是不用担心语言障碍。不管在游戏世界的哪个地方，只要玩家说话，就可以让玩家的发音自动变成当地语种，而当地语言到了玩家耳中则会自动翻译成能让玩家理解的意思。
The friendliest thing about this game is that you don't have to worry about the language barrier. No matter where in the game world, as long as the player speaks, the player's pronunciation can be automatically changed to the local language, and the local language will be automatically translated into the player's ear to make the player understand.
玩家和玩家之间也同样如此。 The same is true between players and players.
因为有如此便利的语言沟通之利，后来有些国家与国家的会议都在《极度危险》中召开，这样不但避免了传译上的微妙失真，还不用各国领导人冒着危险往国外跑。
Because of the convenience of language communication, some national meetings were held in "Extreme Danger" in later years, which not only avoided subtle distortions in interpretation, but also prevented the leaders of various countries from risking their lives abroad.
扯远，回到现在。 Pull away, back to the present.
“等着。”最先发现他们的光屁屁男孩转身跑走。 "Wait." The bare-ass boy who spotted them first turned and ran.
在男孩去取水的当儿，一群当地人仍旧没有与王叶两人接触的意思，只围圈聊天，看他们的目光也跟看猴子差不多。
When the boy went to fetch water, a group of locals still had no intention of contacting Wang Ye and the others, but only chatted in a circle, looking at them like looking at monkeys.
弄得王叶很想变个铜锣出来敲几下，喊几声：过路的父老乡亲，我们兄弟初来乍到，献丑只为筹集盘缠，只盼诸位有钱的捧个钱场，没钱的捧个人场！
Wang Ye wanted to turn into a gong and knock it out a few times, and shout a few times: Fathers and villagers passing by, our brothers have just arrived, and they are only interested in raising money, and I just hope that you will have a money field and a money field if you have no money!
“这伤势可真重。” "It's a serious injury."
“被海盗砍的吧，那些海盗可凶了。幸好我们这里太穷，海盗都不爱来。”
"Cut down by pirates, those pirates are fierce. Luckily, we're too poor for pirates to come. ”
“唉，每到海草岛一年一次的大集，我们这一片的海盗就特别多。他们大概是来做生意的大陆人，看他们皮肤就知道不是生活在海上的。”
"Alas, every time we go to the annual gathering on Seagrass Island, there are a lot of pirates in our area. They are probably mainlanders who have come to do business, and you can tell by looking at their skin that they do not live at sea. ”
“这人脸上纹的是什么？看着真可怕。” "What is the tattoo on this man's face? It's scary to watch. ”
“像是一种古文字，也可能是鬼画符，谁知道呢。” "It's like an ancient script, or it could be a ghost drawing, who knows."
“可惜了这么精壮的身体，这么重的伤，肯定救不活了。否则让他和我们家妞儿生个孩子倒不错。”
"It's a pity that with such a strong body and such a serious injury, it will definitely not be able to be saved. Otherwise, it would be nice for him to have a baby with our girl. ”
“别做梦了，救不活啦，这种伤得送到隔壁岛找药师才行，谁家有那个钱，你出？他们身上可没有任何值钱的东西。”
"Don't dream, you can't save it, this kind of injury has to be sent to the next island to find a pharmacist, who has the money, you out?" They don't have anything of value on them. ”
“出了也不一定治得好，走了走了。” "If you go out, you may not be cured, and you will be gone."
一听要出钱，一大群穿着粗布短裤、皮肤晒得黝黑的土著们说走就走，他们今晚的晚饭还没解决呢。
As soon as they heard that they were going to pay for it, a large group of tanned natives in coarse cloth shorts said that they would leave, and they had not yet settled their dinner tonight.
但也不是所有人都对一大一小不感兴趣，王叶能感到有人在打量他们，不怀好意的那种。
But not everyone is not interested in one big and one small, Wang Ye can feel that someone is looking at them, the kind with bad intentions.
王叶捏着牡蛎壳刀保持沉默，看村民走了，也没特意叫他们。他不是可爱型，相反自带“一看就是刺头”的debuff，就没试图用自己的幼小去博得这些人的同情。
Wang Ye pinched the oyster shell knife and remained silent, seeing that the villagers were gone, he didn't specifically call them. He's not cute, but instead has a "prickly head" debuff, so he doesn't try to win the sympathy of these people with his childishness.
有人鬼鬼祟祟地绕了回来，伸手摸向被王叶放在手边的破木桶。
Someone sneakily walked around and reached out to touch the broken wooden barrel that Wang Ye had placed in his hand.
虾子自得的笑，别人都没看出来，可他看出来了，说不定他今天就能发笔小财。
Shrimp smiled smugly, no one else saw it, but he could see it, maybe he could make a small fortune today.
这个破木桶太可疑了，这一大一小身上没有藏东西的地方，如果有，那就只有这个破木桶可以藏。
This broken barrel is too suspicious, there is no place to hide anything on this big and small body, if there is, then only this broken barrel can be hidden.
而且小的那个被从礁石上带下来时还巴巴带上了这个破木桶，要说这破木桶里没东西，你信？
And the little one was brought down from the reef with him, and he brought this broken barrel with him, and if you want to say that there is nothing in this broken barrel, do you believe it?
就算那破木桶里真的只有一些海货，他摸摸也不吃亏。 Even if there was really only some seafood in the broken barrel, he would not suffer if he touched it.
“啊！”虾子突然发出惨叫，他看到破木桶里有海蟹，没蠢到伸手往桶里摸，他就想把破木桶打翻。
"Ahh The shrimp suddenly screamed, he saw a sea crab in the broken barrel, and he was not stupid enough to reach out and touch the barrel, he wanted to knock the broken barrel over.
可他的手刚碰到木桶，还没来得及用力，就感到手腕一痛。
But as soon as his hand touched the barrel, before he could exert himself, he felt a pain in his wrist.
虾子疼得大叫一声，收回手，看向自己的手腕。 Shrimp screamed in pain, withdrew his hand, and looked at his wrist.
就见他手腕和手背相连的地方竟然被划开了一条很大的口子，鲜血不断从伤口冒出。
I saw that a large cut had been made on the place where his wrist and the back of his hand were connected, and blood kept pouring out of the wound.
虾子吓得连忙捂住伤口，想要压迫止血。 The shrimp was so frightened that he hurriedly covered the wound, trying to compress and stop the bleeding.
但血怎么都止不住，不断往下滴落。 But the blood couldn't stop, and it kept dripping down.
有人听到虾子惨叫，往这边看过来，还有人大声询问：“虾子，怎么了？”
Someone heard the shrimp screaming and looked over here, and someone asked loudly, "Shrimp, what's wrong?" ”
虾子眼里满是惊恐和怒火，瞪向那个按住破木桶的男孩。
Shrimp's eyes were full of horror and rage, and he glared at the boy holding the broken barrel.
王叶两只手指夹着牡蛎壳刀对他晃了晃。 Wang Ye shook the oyster shell knife between his two fingers and shook it at him.
“你这个小贼崽子！”虾子气得大骂，甩手就要去揍王叶。
"You little thief!" The shrimp was so angry that he scolded and shook his hand to beat Wang Ye.
王叶右手再次飞快一划。 Wang Ye's right hand swiped quickly again.
虾子再次惨叫，他另一只手臂也被划破。 Shrimp screamed again, and his other arm was cut.
“下次，我就划破你的大血管。”王叶弯起嘴角。 "Next time, I'll cut your big veins." Wang Ye curled the corners of his mouth.
有人过来了，“虾子，怎么了？发生了什么事？” Someone came over and said, "Shrimp, what's wrong?" What happened? ”
“你受伤了？”来人连忙加快脚步过来，他是虾子的亲兄长，虽然不太喜欢这个弟弟，但平时也多有照顾。
"You're hurt?" The person who came hurriedly quickened his pace, he was the brother of the shrimp, although he didn't like this brother very much, but he usually took care of it.
虾子一看自家兄长过来了，立刻冲着王叶恶狠狠地骂道：“这小贼崽子竟然敢用刀划伤我！他们肯定不是什么好东西，大哥，把他们扔进海里！”
As soon as the shrimp saw his brother coming, he immediately scolded Wang Ye viciously: "This little thief dares to cut me with a knife!" They're certainly not a good thing, big brother, throw them into the sea! ”
虾子大哥身材比较高大，大约有一米八五以上，皮肤特别黝黑，两臂肌肉高高隆起，他皱眉看向王叶，对这个男孩先入为主就有了恶感：“你……”
Brother Shrimp is relatively tall, about 1.85 meters or more, his skin is particularly dark, and the muscles of his arms are high and bulging, he frowned and looked at Wang Ye, and he had a preconceived evil feeling for this boy: "You ......"
“他偷我的木桶。”王叶打断虾子大哥的话，大声道。 "He stole my barrel." Wang Ye interrupted Brother Shrimp's words and said loudly.
“你胡说八道！就一个破木桶，有什么好偷的！”虾子立刻否认。
"You talk nonsense! Just a broken wooden barrel, what is there to steal! Shrimp immediately denied it.
虾子大哥也知道自己兄弟不是什么好玩意，平时在村里手脚就有点不干净，村里人都不太待见他，没见他惨叫两声，就他一个人过来吗。
Brother Shrimp also knows that his brother is not a good thing, usually his hands and feet are a little unclean in the village, and the people in the village don't treat him very well.
但虾子毕竟是自己的亲兄弟，而这个小孩就是个外来者，虾子大哥心偏了，说话也就不太客气：“你这个小孩怎么回事？我们好心地救了你们，你就是这么报答我们的？”
But after all, Shrimp is his own brother, and this child is an outsider, Shrimp's eldest brother is biased, and he is not very polite: "What's the matter with you child?" We saved you kindly, and that's how you repay us? ”
王叶冷笑：“救我和我哥的人没有这个家伙，他是贼，想偷我的东西。如果他没有恶意，我好好地划伤他干什么？”
Wang Ye sneered: "The person who saved me and my brother didn't have this guy, he was a thief and wanted to steal my things." If he doesn't have malicious intent, why should I scratch him well? ”
“大哥，不要听他的！这小子在胡说八道，看他就不是什么好东西。你再看那个大的，脸上不知纹了什么，古古怪怪的。把这两人救上来，以后我们村还不知道会发生什么倒霉事。你忘了以前隔壁岛有人漂到这边了吗？”虾子心里恨透了男孩，一心想把他弄死。他还没吃过这么大的亏。
"Big brother, don't listen to him! This kid is talking nonsense, and it's not a good thing to look at him. Look at the big one again, I don't know what the tattoo is on the face, it's weird. Rescue these two people, and we don't know what bad luck will happen to our village in the future. Have you forgotten that someone from the island next door used to drift here? "Shrimp hated the boy so much that he wanted to kill him. He had never suffered such a big loss.
虾子大哥正要说什么。 Big Brother Shrimp was about to say something.
王叶忽然道：“你不去给他止血吗？” Wang Ye suddenly said, "Aren't you going to stop the bleeding for him?" ”
虾子这才意识到他的两条伤口还没止血，忙对他大哥叫惨。
Only then did Shrimp realize that his two wounds had not stopped bleeding, and he was busy yelling at his eldest brother.
他大哥也顾不得收拾王叶，匆忙带着虾子离开。 His eldest brother didn't care about cleaning up Wang Ye, so he hurriedly left with the shrimp.
虾子离开时还冲王叶发狠，让他等着瞧。 When the shrimp left, he was still fierce at Wang Ye, telling him to wait and see.
王叶：嗯，我等着，再来我就把你削成人片。 Wang Ye: Well, I'll wait, and I'll cut you into pieces when I come back.
在海边捡拾海货的村民只往这边看了看，半声都没多问。
The villagers who were picking up seafood at the beach only looked over and didn't ask much.
虾子是个混球，他大哥鲨鱼也没好到哪里去，一家子都很不讲理。偏偏鲨鱼力气大，又是驾船的好手，村长和一些村老很看重他的能力，虾子也就是仗着这个哥哥才敢在村里小偷小摸。
Shrimp is a bastard, and his eldest brother shark is not much better, and the family is very unreasonable. However, the shark has great strength and is a good boat driver, and the village chief and some village elders value his ability very much, and the shrimp only relies on this brother to dare to steal in the village.
凡是那对兄弟的事，海沟村人都不想沾手。 Anything about the brothers, the people of Trench Village don't want to get involved.
不过经过这幕，在这里赶海的海沟村人都认识到一件事：别看那外来的小崽子又瘦又小，但人家是狼崽子，不是狗崽子，没事最好不要去招惹那个小鬼。
However, after this scene, the people of Trench Village who are here to catch the sea have realized one thing: don't look at the foreign cub who is thin and small, but he is a wolf cub, not a dog cub, and it's better not to provoke that little ghost if it's okay.
【任务发布：玩家隔壁小王被鲨鱼和虾子兄弟俩仇恨，虾子打算报复，请解决这个问题。完成后，根据完成度，奖励10点到100点经验值。请问隔壁小王是否接受这个任务？】
[Mission release: The player next door Xiao Wang is hated by the shark and the shrimp brothers, and the shrimp intends to retaliate, please solve this problem. Upon completion, 10 to 100 XP points will be awarded depending on completion. Does Xiao Wang next door accept this task? 】
王叶挑挑眉，这就是他新手村的第一个任务？这样的难度，就给他10点到100点的经验值，不觉得太小气了吗？
Wang Ye raised his eyebrows, this is the first task of his novice village? With such a difficulty, just give him 10 to 100 experience points, don't you feel too stingy?
作者有话要说： The author has something to say:
游戏：你现在才零级，你还想要多高的经验值？ Game: You're only level 0 now, how much more experience do you want?
第5章 海蛋 Chapter 5: Sea Eggs
“怎么了？你刚才和鲨鱼那两兄弟闹起来了？” "What's wrong? You just got into a falling out with those two shark brothers? ”
那个最先发现他们的男孩回来了，手里还拿着一个葫芦瓢。
The boy who had noticed them first had returned, still holding a gourd scoop in his hand.
王叶藏起牡蛎壳刀，简单道：“其中一个想偷我的木桶，被我发现，划了他一下。他哥就来了，他们想把我和我哥扔进海里。”
Wang Ye hid the oyster shell knife and said simply: "One of them wanted to steal my barrel, but I found out and scratched him." His brother came, and they wanted to throw me and my brother into the sea. ”
“给，淡水。”男孩把葫芦瓢递给王叶，一边撇嘴道：“你说的肯定是虾子，那就不是个好玩意！咱村的人都讨厌他。他哥鲨鱼也是个不讲理的。别理他们。你们是村人合力救上来的，他们想要扔你们，也得村长爷爷同意。”
"Here, freshwater." The boy handed the gourd scoop to Wang Ye, and pouted: "What you said must be shrimp, then it's not a good thing!" The people in our village hate him. His brother Shark is also an unreasonable person. Ignore them. You were rescued by the villagers, and if they want to throw you, they have to agree with the village chief's grandfather. ”
王叶接过葫芦瓢先闻了闻，没闻出什么怪异味道，捧起来就喝。
Wang Ye took the gourd scoop and sniffed it first, but he didn't smell any weird smell, so he drank it when he picked it up.
他喝得很慢，不像是一般缺水的人咕嘟咕嘟拼命灌，喝一口水会在嘴里含一会儿，再分次一点点咽下去。
He drank very slowly, unlike the average person who was short of water, and he would take a sip of water in his mouth for a while, and then swallow it little by little.
王叶喝了半瓢水，剩下的，他送到了青年唇边，扶起他的头，倾斜葫芦瓢。
Wang Ye drank half a scoop of water, and he brought the rest to the young man's lips, lifted his head, and tilted the gourd scoop.
青年嘴唇碰到淡水，明明人还昏迷着，却下意识张开嘴巴，把淡水吞咽下肚。
The young man's lips touched the fresh water, and he was still unconscious, but he subconsciously opened his mouth and swallowed the fresh water.
男孩看两人还没喝够的样子，转身指向岸边树林：“那边有一条淡水溪，我们来这边都在那里接水喝。”
Seeing that the two of them hadn't drunk enough, the boy turned and pointed to the woods on the bank: "There's a freshwater stream over there, and we'll all get water there to drink." ”
“谢谢你啦，小弟弟。” "Thank you, little brother."
“叫哥，你明明比我小！”男孩鼓起嘴巴。 "Brother, you're obviously younger than me!" The boy puffed out his mouth.
“你想教训那对兄弟吗？”王叶忽然问。 "Do you want to teach those brothers a lesson?" Wang Ye suddenly asked.
男孩一愣：“谁？” The boy was stunned: "Who?" ”
王叶：“鲨鱼和虾子。” Wang Ye: "Sharks and shrimps." ”
男孩脱口道：“当然想。” The boy blurted out, "Of course." ”
虾子以前也欺负过他，他奶奶带他找上门，鲨鱼跑来胡搅蛮缠，最后虾子也没得到教训，还是老样子。
Shrimp also bullied him before, his grandmother brought him to the door, the shark came to mess around, and in the end Shrimp didn't get a lesson, it's still the same.
且因为他跟家里人告状，虾子之后一直偷偷摸摸找他们家麻烦，他也不敢干特别坏的事，就是偷两条咸鱼或摸走木柴什么的，最过分的一次就是在后面偷偷把他推倒，让他摔在礁石上。
And because he complained to his family, Shrimp has been secretly making trouble for their family since then, and he doesn't dare to do particularly bad things, that is, stealing two salted fish or touching firewood or something, and the most excessive time is to secretly push him down in the back and let him fall on the reef.
那次他摔得很重，手腕挫伤，肿了好长时间，幸好没断，否则他家人绝不会放过虾子。
That time he fell very hard, his wrist was contusion, and it was swollen for a long time, but fortunately it didn't break, otherwise his family would never let go of the shrimp.
他们家几次抓人也没抓到，虽然知道是虾子干的，但没有证据也没办法去找村长做主。
Their family failed to catch anyone several times, although they knew that the shrimp did it, but there was no evidence and no way to go to the village chief to call the shots.
他奶奶气不服，就在村里说让大家小心小偷和专害小孩的混账。结果鲨鱼就在打渔的时候，只要是他掌舵，就把他两个哥哥排挤在外，不允许他们上大船。
His grandmother was not convinced, and told everyone in the village to beware of thieves and bastards who murder children. As a result, when the shark was fishing, as long as he was at the helm, he excluded his two brothers and did not allow them to get on the big boat.
他们家也算是和这兄弟俩结了仇。 Their family is also considered to have a feud with the brothers.
王叶轻飘飘地道：“那你委托我吧，我可以帮你教训他们。”
Wang Ye said lightly: "Then you entrust me, I can help you teach them." ”
男孩压根不相信看起来比他还小的王叶有这样的本事，还警告王叶道：“你们以后看到那兄弟俩就躲远点，虾子没什么本事，但鲨鱼力气可大了，揍人特别疼。你们得罪了他们，在村里会很难处。”
The boy didn't believe that Wang Ye, who looked younger than him, had such a ability, and warned Wang Ye: "If you see the brothers in the future, stay away, the shrimp has no ability, but the shark has a lot of strength, and it hurts to beat people." If you offend them, it will be difficult for you to get along in the village. ”
王叶看了看别人看不到的因果线，混不在意地一笑：只要他们敢来，那就放马过来。
Wang Ye looked at the cause and effect line that others couldn't see, and smiled nonchalantly: As long as they dare to come, let the horse come.
“你真的不委托我教训他们吗？不收你任何好处哦。”王叶诱惑道。
"Don't you really entrust me with teaching them? I won't take any benefit from you. Wang Ye said temptingly.
男孩以为王叶在开玩笑，随口道：“行啊，如果你有这个本事的话。”
The boy thought Wang Ye was joking, and said casually: "Okay, if you have this ability." ”
【任务发布：海沟村村民海蛋委托玩家隔壁小王教训鲨鱼和虾子兄弟俩，完成后，根据完成度，奖励10点到100点经验值。请问隔壁小王是否接受这个任务？】
[Mission release: Haidan, a villager in Haigou Village, entrusts the player next door Xiao Wang to teach the shark and shrimp brothers a lesson, and after completion, 10 to 100 experience points will be rewarded according to the degree of completion. Does Xiao Wang next door accept this task? 】
王叶满意点头：当然接，两个任务都是同样内容，他只要做一次，却可以拿双份酬劳。这样的好事，为什么不接？
Wang Ye nodded with satisfaction: Of course, the two tasks are the same content, and he only needs to do it once, but he can get double pay. Such a good thing, why not take it?
“对了，你们岛是不是叫海沟岛，附近是不是还有一座大岛叫海草岛？”
"By the way, is your island called Trench Island, and is there a big island nearby called Seagrass Island?"
男孩睁大眼睛：“你竟然知道我们岛？你们也是来参加海草岛一年一次的大集的吗？”
The boy's eyes widened: "You actually know about our island?" Are you also here for the annual festival on Seagrass Island? ”
竟然真的是海沟岛！王叶暗中抹了一把冷汗，幸好他漂到了这边，而不是隔壁。
It turned out to be really Trench Island! Wang Ye secretly wiped a handful of cold sweat, fortunately he drifted here, not next door.
“是啊，我们就是想来这里买一些特产，却在海上碰到了海盗。我和我哥跳船求生，随着海浪漂到这里。”
"yes, we just wanted to come here to buy some souvenirs, but we ran into pirates at sea. My brother and I jumped ship to survive and drifted here with the waves. ”
王叶从当地人的对话中得到提示，终于想起海草村和海草岛是哪个村哪个岛。
Wang Ye got a hint from the conversation of the locals, and finally remembered which village and island Seagrass Village and Seagrass Island were.
他上辈子在进入《极度危险》之前曾查过不少相关的游戏攻略，其中海草村就是一个非常有名的新手村。
In his previous life, he had checked a lot of related game guides before entering "Extreme Danger", among which Seagrass Village was a very famous novice village.
这个新手村以机缘多、任务多、给的奖励也又多又好而出名，但让王叶对这座新手村留下印象的则是这个新手村后来发生的事情。
This novice village is famous for its many opportunities, many tasks, and many and good rewards, but what left Wang Ye's impression on this novice village was what happened later in this novice village.
在他进入游戏时，海草村这座新手村已经从地图上消失，就连海草岛都改了名字。
By the time he enters the game, Seagrass Village, a novice village, has disappeared from the map, and even Seagrass Island has changed its name.
海草村的旧址也不再是新手村，而是变成了一个六十级的常驻副本地。
The site of Seagrass Village is no longer a novice village, but has become a level 60 permanent dungeon.
王叶升到六十级时也去那里闯过关、刷过那个副本的boss。而为了过关，他查阅并购买了更多关于这个副本的前生今世消息，对于海草村和海草岛的了解要比一般人知道得更多。
When Wang Ye was promoted to level 60, he also went there to break through the level and brush the boss of that dungeon. In order to get through, he checked and purchased more information about the past and present life of this copy, and knew more about Seagrass Village and Seagrass Island than most people.
海草村之所以消失就和海沟岛隔壁那座岛有很大关系。 The reason why Seagrass Village disappeared has a lot to do with the island next door to Trench Island.
那座岛在他那个时候被叫做囚犯岛，里面全都是被流放的犯人以及他们的后代。
The island was called Prisoner's Island at his time, and it was full of exiled prisoners and their descendants.
他为了做任务曾调查过囚犯岛，并去过那里，途中还来旁边的海沟岛转了转。
He had surveyed Prisoner Island for his mission, and had been there, stopping at the nearby Trench Island on the way.
囚犯岛对于现在的他来说确实异常危险，但那里也有他急需的好东西。
Prisoner Island is indeed extremely dangerous for him now, but there are also goodies there that he desperately needs.
一想到囚犯岛里那隐藏的好物现在还很可能没被人发现，王叶就心热不已。
Thinking that the good things hidden on the Prisoner Island were probably not discovered yet, Wang Ye was very warm.
不过就凭他现在这具破身体，想什么都是空的，老老实实把伤养好才是第一要素。
However, with his current broken body, everything he thinks is empty, and honestly healing his injuries is the first element.
这个海沟村就是他的新手村了，他得好好挖掘一下这里的新手任务，争取快点升级把伤势养好，然后再图谋其他。
This Trench Village is his novice village, and he has to dig up the novice missions here, try to upgrade and heal his injuries as soon as possible, and then try to do anything else.
“你叫什么名字？”王叶明知男孩的名字，还是问道。 "What's your name?" Wang Ye knew the boy's name, but still asked.
“我叫海蛋，你呢？”男孩对王叶很好奇，他还是第一次看到岛外来客，还这么小。
"My name is Haidan, what about you?" The boy was very curious about Wang Ye, it was the first time he had seen a visitor from outside the island, and he was still so young.
“我叫王叶，大王的王，叶子的叶。你可以叫我叶哥。”
"My name is Wang Ye, the king of the great king, the leaf of the leaf. You can call me Brother Ye. ”
“小叶子。”海蛋一口就给王叶定了一个小名。 "Little Leaf." Hai Dan gave Wang Ye a nickname in one bite.
王叶不跟小孩子一般见识：“你喜欢吃糖吗？” Wang Ye is not like a child: "Do you like to eat sugar?" ”
“糖？”海蛋黝黑的小脸上流露出渴望的神情，“谁能不喜欢糖？你有糖吗？”
"Sugar?" There was a look of longing on Hai Dan's swarthy little face, "Who doesn't love sugar?" Do you have sugar? ”
王叶微微眯了眯眼：“你们岛上不会自己做糖？” Wang Ye narrowed his eyes slightly: "You don't know how to make your own sugar on the island?" ”
“啊？我们岛上的糖都是从海草岛买来的，可贵了。要是我们会做糖就好了，可我们这里只有蜂蜜。村长爷爷说蜜蜂很重要，都不让我们随便祸害蜜蜂窝。”
"Huh? The sugar on our island is all bought from Seagrass Island, which is precious. If only we could make sugar, but we only have honey here. The village chief's grandfather said that bees are very important, and they don't let us harm the honeycombs casually. ”
王叶心想这里的村长还是有见识的，也许他不知道道理，但他累积的经验让他知道那种小昆虫的重要性：“能带我去见你们村村长吗？”
Wang Ye thought to himself that the village chief here was still knowledgeable, maybe he didn't know the reason, but his accumulated experience made him know the importance of that kind of small insect: "Can you take me to meet the village chief of your village?" ”
“你要见我们村长干什么？”一道算不上苍老的男子声音在王叶身后响起。
"What are you going to see our village chief for?" A man's voice, which was not considered old, sounded behind Wang Ye.
“爷爷！”海蛋对来人叫道。 "Grandpa!" Hai Dan shouted to the comer.
海蛋爷爷走到了三人面前，又瘦又黑颧骨较高的脸看起来有些严厉，他张口就对孙子呵斥道：“一边玩去，别在这儿待着。”
Grandpa Hai Dan walked in front of the three of them, his thin and dark face with high cheekbones looked a little stern, and he opened his mouth to scold his grandson: "Go play, don't stay here." ”
海蛋不怕他爷爷，还对他爷爷扮了个鬼脸。 Hai Dan was not afraid of his grandfather, and made a grimace at his grandfather.
王叶尽量堆出属于小孩子的可爱笑脸：“大伯，我想请村长帮忙救治我和我哥，我们需要伤药，需要一个安全养伤的地方。”
Wang Ye tried his best to put on a cute smiling face that belonged to a child: "Uncle, I want to ask the village chief to help treat me and my brother, we need medicine for injuries, and we need a safe place to recuperate." ”
可惜海蛋爷爷怎么看王叶怎么不顺眼。这小孩刚才对虾子做的事，他看到了大半。但他厌恶虾子，也不喜欢外来者，就没管。
It's a pity that Grandpa Haidan's opinion of Wang Ye is not pleasing to the eye. He saw most of what the kid had just done to the shrimp. But he hated shrimp and didn't like outsiders, so he didn't care.
等看到鲨鱼过去时，他才打算过来，可走到一半就看小孩把那对难搞的兄弟给打发走了。
He didn't plan to come until he saw the shark passing, but halfway through it he saw the kid send the troublesome brother away.
然后他孙子来了，屁颠颠地拿了家里唯一的葫芦瓢，装了淡水送过来。
Then his grandson came, and took the only gourd scoop in the house, filled it with fresh water, and sent it over.
老头就忍不住了，加快脚步过来，就怕孙子吃亏。 The old man couldn't help it, and quickened his pace, for fear that his grandson would suffer.
老头年轻的时候去过海草岛，在那里跟人学了一点相面的知识。面前的男孩一看就不是个老实的，五官长得还算不错，但一双三白眼，眼型狭长，不毒也凶。不算粗的一字眉更是就压在眉骨上，这种人往往自我中心独断专行。最可怕的是男孩小小年纪，眼里竟然没有半点天真懵懂。
When the old man was young, he went to Seagrass Island and learned a little about people there. The boy in front of him is not an honest man at first glance, his facial features are not bad, but he has a pair of three white eyes, narrow eyes, and is not poisonous or fierce. The eyebrows that are not too thick are pressed on the brow bone, and this kind of person is often self-centered and arbitrary. The most terrifying thing is that the boy is so young, and there is no naivety and ignorance in his eyes.
王·重生货·叶，再怎么也不可能让自己看起来真的像个无知纯真的孩童，尤其他上辈子从小到大的经历也让他无法单纯，越是阅历丰富的人越是能看出他的古怪。
Wang, Reborn Goods, Ye, no matter how impossible it is to make himself look like an ignorant and innocent child, especially his experience from childhood to adulthood in his previous life also makes him unable to be simple, and the more experienced people are, the more they can see his eccentricity.
不过海蛋爷爷也不可能想到有人能重生归来，只当这男孩天生聪明，又经历得多，长歪了。
However, it is impossible for Grandpa Hai Dan to think that someone can be reborn and return, just when this boy is naturally smart, and he has experienced a lot, and he has grown crooked.
再看那昏迷不醒的青年纹了一脸认不出来的古怪符号，胸口还有那么大一个刀伤。海蛋爷爷甚至怀疑两人是从海盗窝里出来的。
Look at the unconscious young man with a tattoo of a strange symbol that he can't recognize, and there is such a big knife wound on his chest. Grandpa Hai Dan even suspects that the two came out of the pirate's den.
只是大的还好说，小的虽然瘦得肋骨嶙峋，但那皮肤一看就不是在大海中讨生活的人。
It's just that the big one is okay, and the small one is so thin that the ribs are craggy, but the skin is not a person who begs for a living in the sea.
要么就是从隔壁岛逃过来的？这种事情也不是没有发生过。
Or did you escape from the island next door? This kind of thing has not happened before.
“村长事多，没空管你们。”谨慎的海蛋爷爷一口拒绝。
"The village chief has a lot of business, so he doesn't have time to take care of you." The cautious Hai Dan grandfather refused.
“我会报答……”王叶想着海沟村人如果不知道糖棕和雄树花蕊能取糖汁，他就把这事告诉他们。
"I will repay ......," Wang Ye thought to the people of Trench Village if they didn't know that sugar palm and male tree stamens could get sugar juice, so he would tell them about it.
“我们不需要你的报答。”海蛋爷爷很不客气地道：“如果不是我们这儿有规矩，凡是被海浪送上来的活人，只要对方不主动害人，我们也不会主动杀害他，你们早被我们扔进海里。现在让你们留在岛上，已经是看在海神的面子上，其他的你们就别多想了。海蛋，走了！”
"We don't need your reward." Grandpa Hai Dan said very unceremoniously: "If it weren't for the rules we have here, all the living people who are sent up by the waves, as long as the other party does not take the initiative to harm others, we will not take the initiative to kill him, and you would have been thrown into the sea by us a long time ago." Now that I let you stay on the island, it is already for the sake of the sea god's face, and you don't have to think about the rest. Haidan, gone! ”
老头，你知道你失去什么了吗？王叶也没怎么生气，他上辈子遇到的混蛋太多，老头这样的只能算是普通，而且海沟村人至少把他们从礁石上搬了下来，老头的孙子还送他们淡水喝。从因果论，他还欠了海沟村人。
Old man, do you know what you've lost? Wang Ye wasn't very angry, he had met too many bastards in his previous life, and the old man could only be regarded as ordinary, and the people of Trench Village had at least moved them off the reef, and the old man's grandson had also given them fresh water to drink. From the causal point of view, he also owes the people of Trench Village.
海蛋爷爷以为这小孩儿会气得跳起来骂人，结果看他一副“无理取闹的老年人啊，我原谅你”的眼神，反而把自己给气着了。
Grandpa Hai Dan thought that this kid would jump up and scold people in anger, but when he saw his "unreasonable old man, I forgive you" look, he was angry with himself.
“海蛋！” "Sea eggs!"
“来了！” "It's coming!"
作者有话要说： The author has something to say:
海蛋：放心，我会回来拯救你们的！ Haidan: Don't worry, I'll come back to save you!
第6章 崖顶石洞 Chapter 6: The Clifftop Cave
海蛋跟着他爷爷屁股后面跑了，但不一会儿又溜了回来。
The sea egg ran after his grandfather's ass, but slipped back after a while.
王叶对男孩眨眨眼。 Wang Ye winked at the boy.
海蛋在他面前蹲下，抓了抓小脸蛋说道：“别生气哈。以前我爷爷也救过被海水冲上岸的人，对方也说会报答他，但最后他不但没有报答我爷爷，还把爷爷唯一的小船给偷走了。”
Hai Dan squatted down in front of him, scratched his little face and said, "Don't be angry." In the past, my grandfather also rescued people who were washed ashore by the sea, and the other party also said that he would repay him, but in the end, not only did he not repay my grandfather, but he also stole my grandfather's only boat. ”
王叶：这也不知道是哪里来的不厚道前辈，人家是前人栽树后人乘凉，他这是挖坑不管埋，专坑后人。别让他知道这个前辈是谁！
Wang Ye: I don't know where it came from, the unkind predecessors, the people are the predecessors who planted trees and the later people enjoyed the shade, he is digging a pit and burying it, and he specializes in pit descendants. Don't let him know who this senior is!
“爷爷没了船，就没娶到当时村里最好看的水花奶奶，一直老大不小了才娶到我奶奶。村里都知道这件事，奶奶很不高兴，经常和爷爷吵架。前段时间，海石爷爷给水花奶奶做了一串贝壳项链，水花奶奶跟我奶奶炫耀，奶奶回家都被气哭了，说爷爷一辈子都没送过她好东西。”海蛋似模似样地叹了口气，随口就把他爷爷的老底卖了个精光。
"Grandpa didn't have a boat, so he didn't marry the most beautiful splash grandma in the village at that time, and he didn't marry my grandma until he was too young. The village knew about it, and the grandmother was very upset and often quarreled with the grandfather. Some time ago, Grandpa Haishi made a string of shell necklaces for Grandma Splash, Grandma Splash showed off to my grandma, and Grandma was angry and cried when she came home, saying that Grandpa had never given her good things in his life. Hai Dan sighed as if he was in shape, and casually sold his grandfather's old bottom.
孩儿，你可真是你爷爷的好孙子。 Son, you're your grandfather's grandson.
王叶眼睛珠子咕噜噜一转，把碍事的螃蟹扔出来，从木桶里掏出戒指，塞到海蛋小朋友手里：“如果你帮我，我真的会报答你们。你把这个给你奶奶，你奶奶一定会很高兴，这就算是你给我送淡水和等会儿帮忙的报酬。”
Wang Ye's eyes purred, threw out the crab that was in the way, took out the ring from the barrel, and stuffed it into the hand of the Haidan child: "If you help me, I will really repay you." If you give this to your grandmother, your grandmother will be very happy, and this will be the reward for bringing me fresh water and helping later. ”
海蛋接过那枚红石戒指，捏着看了半天，他完全看不出这只戒指的价值，也不知道这东西有什么用。他们海沟村人就没有戴戒指的，顶多戴戴贝壳项链、花环之类的东西。
Hai Dan took the red stone ring and pinched it for a long time, he couldn't see the value of this ring at all, and he didn't know what it was for. They didn't wear rings in Trench Village, but at most they wore shell necklaces, garlands and other things.
而且那些东西也都是戴着玩的，平时干活没人戴那些花里胡哨的东西。
And those things are also worn to play, and no one usually wears those bells and whistles when they work.
海蛋听说这东西能讨他奶奶欢喜，以为就是跟贝壳项链一样的不值钱小玩意，就收了下来。
Hai Dan heard that this thing could please his grandmother, and thought it was a worthless gadget like a shell necklace, so he accepted it.
一道因果之力被王叶吸收。
王叶看海蛋不在乎的模样，怕他把戒指弄丢或者廉价卖掉，就提醒了一声：“这戒指最少值三个银币，五个银币也能卖到。”
别看三五银币，王叶很看不上眼，但对于海蛋小朋友来说，别说银币，他连铜币都没摸过几次，三个银币已经是大钱。
Don't look at the three or five silver coins, Wang Ye is very eye-catching, but for the Haidan children, let alone silver coins, he hasn't even touched the copper coins a few times, and the three silver coins are already big money.
“你真的要把这个值钱东西送给我？”耿直的海蛋小朋友握着戒指紧张兮兮地问。
"Are you really going to give me this valuable thing?" The upright Hai Dan child held the ring and asked nervously.
王叶点头，特别铿锵有力地说道：“我王叶有恩必报。”
Wang Ye nodded, and said particularly sonorously: "I, Wang Ye, will repay my kindness." ”
海蛋咧开嘴，一口小白牙衬托得他的脸皮更黑，“我可以帮你搭棚子。”
“不急，你先帮我们找个能避风的地方。在这里搭棚子，海风一来就全吹飞了。”
“也是哦。你等等，我想想。” "Oh, too. You wait, I think about it. ”
海蛋想到了一个好地方，但大的那个还在昏迷中，两个小孩，其中一个还有伤在身，想搬动大的根本不可能。
Hai Dan thought of a good place, but the eldest one was still in a coma, two children, one of whom was still injured, and it was impossible to move the big one.
海蛋说回去找他奶奶，把葫芦瓢暂时留给了王叶。 Hai Dan said that he went back to find his grandmother and left the gourd scoop to Wang Ye temporarily.
“等等，你能帮我带一些针线过来吗？” "Wait, can you bring me some needlework?"
“我问问我奶奶。”海蛋转眼就跑没影了，别看他光着一双小脚丫，跑得比穿鞋的还快。
"I'll ask my grandma." Hai Dan ran away in a blink of an eye, don't look at his bare little feet, running faster than wearing shoes.
王叶拿着葫芦瓢去舀溪水，他吸收了一些因果之力，走一小段路不成问题。虽然他的伤势会让正常人躺在那里不能动弹，动一动都会疼得要死，但他对疼痛感知低微，也就无所谓了。
Wang Ye took the gourd scoop to scoop the stream water, he absorbed some of the power of cause and effect, and it was not a problem to walk a short distance. Although his injuries will make normal people lie there unable to move, and it will hurt to death if he moves, but his perception of pain is low, so it doesn't matter.
王叶在溪水里先自己喝了个饱，又用葫芦瓢盛满水带回去给昏迷中的青年喝。
Wang Ye first drank a full drink in the stream, and then filled the gourd with water and brought it back to the unconscious young man to drink.
青年喝了一肚子淡水，眼睛再次睁开，看着小孩，悠悠道：“拉你一把还挺划算。”
The young man drank a stomach of fresh water, opened his eyes again, looked at the child, and said leisurely: "It's quite cost-effective to pull you." ”
王叶摸摸青年的脸庞，满脸怜爱地说：“谁让我是你爸爸呢。”
Wang Ye touched the young man's face and said with pity, "Who made me your father." ”
青年弯起唇角，别看他满脸古怪纹字，笑起来一点都不难看：“我叫雷木，你呢？”
The young man curled the corners of his lips, don't look at his face full of strange lines, and his smile is not ugly at all: "My name is Lei Mu, what about you?" ”
王叶愣了愣，他还是第一次知道青年的真实姓名，上辈子他一直都叫青年木头，因为他师父就这么叫他。
Wang Ye was stunned, it was the first time he knew the young man's real name, he had always called him Young Man Mu in his previous life, because his master called him that.
“王叶。”王叶抓起雷木的手掌，把自己的名字用这里的通用文字写给他看。
"Wang Ye." Wang Ye grabbed Lei Mu's palm and wrote his name to him in the common script here.
这可是他为了鉴定术特别学习的，玩家因为能听懂游戏世界的语言，对游戏文字感兴趣的人极少，能掌握的人就更少了。
This is something he learned specifically for the sake of identification, and because players can understand the language of the game world, there are very few people who are interested in the game text, and even fewer people can master it.
“你认识我？”雷木问。 "You know me?" Raimu asked.
王叶一咧嘴：“你是我的好大儿，爸爸怎么可能不认识你？”
Wang Yeyi grinned: "You are my good eldest son, how can Dad not know you?" ”
雷木被占便宜也没生气，反而哈哈大笑，笑得他胸口伤口崩裂，再次冒出血丝。
Lei Mu was not angry when he was taken advantage of, but laughed out loud, laughing so that the wound on his chest cracked and blood broke again.
王叶连忙捂住他的嘴，让他别笑了。 Wang Ye hurriedly covered his mouth and told him not to laugh.
雷木低头看看自己的伤口，总算止住了笑声。他也不怕这小孩对他有什么图谋，他都这样了，还有什么好图谋的？
Remu looked down at his wound and finally stopped laughing. He is not afraid of what this kid has plans for him, he is like this, what else is there to plot?
王叶拍拍他的手臂：“别想太多，你拉了我一把，我也需要有个大人罩着，我们互惠互利。”
Wang Ye patted his arm: "Don't think too much, you pulled me, I also need an adult to cover, we are mutually beneficial." ”
“好，我们互惠互利。”雷木很少看到说话这么老江湖的小孩，觉得小孩很有意思。
"Okay, we're mutually beneficial." Lei Mu rarely saw a child talking so old, and he thought the child was very interesting.
“你能站起来吗？”王叶问。 "Can you stand up?" Wang Ye asked.
雷木借着王叶的扶持之力，慢慢坐起身，又慢慢站起。 Lei Mu took advantage of Wang Ye's support to slowly sit up and stand up slowly.
“能走吗？”王叶用右侧肩膀撑住青年。 "Can you go?" Wang Ye supported the young man with his right shoulder.
雷木点头，拎上王叶塞给他的破木桶：“给你添麻烦了，小爸。”
Lei Mu nodded, and picked up the broken wooden barrel that Wang Yesai gave him: "I'm sorry for you, little dad." ”
王叶：“不是小爸，是爸爸。” Wang Ye: "It's not a little dad, it's a dad." ”
雷木又笑，他似乎很爱笑。 Remu smiled again, he seemed to love to laugh.
王叶只要想到上辈子这人就跟块木头一样，别说笑了，连多一点表情都没有，就很难受。
As long as Wang Ye thought that this person in his previous life was like a piece of wood, let alone laughing, he didn't even have a little more expression, he was very uncomfortable.
上辈子，如果他能更重视雷木一点，是不是能想办法让他恢复？
In his previous life, if he could have paid more attention to Lei Mu, would he have been able to find a way to make him recover?
嗐！已经无法挽回的事多想无益，这辈子他既然提前来了，那他就绝不会让雷木再变成那样。
Alas! It's useless to think about things that are already irreparable, and since he came early in this life, he will never let Reimu become like that again.
王叶对海沟岛还有点印象，但也只有一点点，他记忆更深刻的是隔壁的囚犯岛和更远一些的海草岛。
Wang Ye still had a little impression of Trench Island, but only a little, and what he remembered more was the Prisoner Island next door and Seagrass Island farther away.
好在海蛋离开前，把他说的那个可以安顿的好地方的方向指给他们看了。
Fortunately, before Hai Dan left, he showed them the direction of the good place he said could be settled.
顺着那条淡水溪往上走，有两条岔道，一条一看就是被很多人踩出来的小路通往海沟村，还有一条更狭窄的野路通向悬崖。
Going up the freshwater stream, there are two branches, a path that looks like it has been trodden out by many people leads to the village of Trench, and a narrower wild road that leads to the cliffs.
悬崖那边虽然危险，却天然有几个很大的石头洞。 Although the cliff is dangerous, there are naturally several large stone holes.
这些和礁石连在一起，内部空心的巨大石洞矗立在山崖顶上，很多村里孩童还有一些年轻男女都喜欢到这里玩耍和幽会。
These are connected to the reef, and the hollow stone cave stands on the top of the cliff, where many village children and young men and women like to play and tryst.
一大一小都是伤患，走得特别慢，走到一半的时候遇到了海蛋和他奶奶。
One big and one small are all injured, and they walked very slowly, and when they were halfway there, they met Hai Dan and his grandmother.
海蛋奶奶是个很热情的人，也很有智慧。她提都没提那枚戒指，过来就让海蛋和她一起搭手，把一大一小送到了悬崖石洞那边。
Grandma Hai Dan is a very warm person and very wise. She didn't even mention the ring, so she came over and asked Hai Dan to join her, and sent one big and one small to the cliff cave.
路上还在王叶的拜托下，给他掰了几根比较直的灌木枝，又扯了些比较细的藤蔓。
On the way, under the request of Wang Ye, he broke a few straighter shrub branches for him and pulled some thinner vines.
到了悬崖上往对面看，能清楚看到隔壁的囚犯岛，两座岛相距不过百来米。
When you reach the cliff and look to the opposite side, you can clearly see the prisoner island next door, and the two islands are no more than 100 meters apart.
不过囚犯岛和海沟岛之间有一条深不见底的海沟，别看只有不到五六十米宽，但里面暗流汹涌，还有些可怕的海生物，没有些特别能力和工具，普通人根本别想游过这条海沟。
However, there is a bottomless trench between Prisoner Island and Trench Island, which is less than fifty or sixty meters wide, but there are turbulent undercurrents in it, and there are some terrible sea creatures, without some special abilities and tools, ordinary people don't want to swim across this trench at all.
这也是海沟岛和囚犯岛相隔这么近还能相安无事这么多年的原因之一。
This is one of the reasons why Trench Island and Prisoner Island are so close to each other and have been safe for so many years.
另外，囚犯岛外围还有专门看守囚犯的看守和猛犬，从这里看过去还能看到对面用来监控囚犯的高塔。
In addition, there are guards and fierce dogs on the periphery of Prisoner Island, and you can see the tower on the opposite side that monitors the prisoners.
“不要去那座岛，那岛上没什么好人。”海蛋奶奶只略微提醒了一句，并没有过多介绍那座岛。
"Don't go to that island, there are no good people on that island." Grandma Hai Dan only reminded me slightly, and did not introduce the island too much.
海沟村人是真正的土著，最早是从哪里来的已经没有人记得。
The people of Trench Village are truly indigenous, and no one remembers where they first came from.
某一天，当他们发现隔壁有大船过来，运送了很多物资和人，还以为有人要来开发那座岛，虽然不安也很高兴，以为他们终于有人可以交流了，不用每次都乘船冒险前往更远的大岛。
One day, when they found that there was a big ship coming next door, carrying a lot of supplies and people, and they thought that someone was going to develop the island, although they were uneasy, they were happy, thinking that they finally had someone to communicate with, and they didn't have to venture to the farther island by boat every time.
可不久，他们就发现那座岛上被运送来的竟然都是罪犯。
But it wasn't long before they discovered that the people who had been transported from the island were criminals.
海沟村人也抗议过，可一个村子的力量怎么比得上一个国家？
The people of Haigou Village have also protested, but how can the strength of a village be compared to that of a country?
最后海沟村人只能无奈接受了这个事实，幸好他们岛和隔壁岛之间有一条天险存在，因为这条海沟，他们村的人也不会去那座岛，那座岛被人占了，他们也没觉得有什么损失。
In the end, the people of Trench Village had no choice but to accept this fact, fortunately there was a natural danger between their island and the next island, because of this trench, the people of their village would not go to that island, that island was occupied, and they did not feel any loss.
这么多年下来，海沟村人也慢慢习惯了对面邻居存在。 After so many years, the people of Haigou Village have gradually become accustomed to the presence of their neighbors on the other side.
“我发现的石洞在这里！”海蛋招呼王叶，和他奶奶扶着雷木率先走入石洞。
"The cave I found is here!" Hai Dan greeted Wang Ye, and his grandmother helped Lei Mu to take the lead into the stone cave.
王叶跟在后面，站在洞口打量了下四周，这才走进去。 Wang Ye followed, stood at the entrance of the cave and looked around, and then walked in.
“这个石洞是我发现的，外面洞口不大，但里面不小，前半部分还比较干燥，不错吧？”海蛋炫耀地道。
"I found this stone cave, the hole is not big outside, but the inside is not small, and the first half is relatively dry, right?" Sea eggs show off authenticity.
王叶对这个石洞确实很满意，这可比在海岸边搭个棕榈棚要安全多了。
Wang Ye is indeed very satisfied with this stone cave, which is much safer than building a palm shed on the coast.
石洞很高，最高处目测有四米多，内部有点像是不规则的蒙古包，顶部呈椭圆形，面积大约有四十多平方。
The stone cave is very high, the highest point is more than four meters, the inside is a bit like an irregular yurt, the top is oval, and the area is about 40 square meters.
好好整理一下，就是个不错的天然石屋。 If you tidy it up, it's a nice natural stone house.
最妙的是这个洞里面有个很小的水眼，会从缝隙里冒出淡水。虽然冒出来不多，但足够两个人日常饮用和使用。
The best part is that there is a small hole in the hole that will come out of the gap with fresh water. Although it doesn't pop up much, it is enough for two people to drink and use every day.
缺点就是洞里比较阴冷也比较暗，最糟糕的是潮湿，海蛋说的前半部分比较干燥也只是相对而言。
The disadvantage is that the cave is relatively cold and dark, and the worst thing is that it is damp, and the first half of the sea egg is relatively dry.
但作为临时落脚点来说，总体还是可以的。 But as a temporary foothold, it's okay overall.
作者有话要说： The author has something to say:
王叶：养儿是件很严肃的事，首先要有房。 Wang Ye: Raising a child is a very serious matter, and the first thing to do is to have a house.
　
第7章 穷人当自强 Chapter 7 The Poor Should Be Self-Reliant
海蛋奶奶出去了一趟，抱来一捆干柴点燃。 Grandma Haidan went out and brought a bundle of dry firewood to light it.
洞里的阴冷潮湿总算驱散了一点，也不再那么昏暗。 The coldness and dampness in the cave finally dispelled a little, and it was no longer so dim.
海蛋奶奶不止抱来了干柴，还背来一卷棕榈叶编织的席子和一个鱼篓，鱼篓里还装了一点疗伤草药、一个很大的果子、用树叶兜着的一点盐和一把石刀。
Grandma Hai Dan not only brought dry firewood, but also a mat woven of palm leaves and a fish basket containing a little healing herbs, a large fruit, a little salt from the leaves, and a stone knife.
针和线也带了，不过针是很粗的鱼骨针，针尾磨出一个凹陷当钩，可以勾住线。线则是很粗的麻线。
Needles and threads are also brought, but the needles are very thick fishbone needles, and the needle tail grinds out a depression as a hook to hook the thread. The thread is very thick twine.
王叶想要用针线把雷木胸前伤口缝起来，但用这样的针线显然不行。
Wang Ye wanted to use needle and thread to sew up the wound on Lei Mu's chest, but it was obviously not possible to use such needle and thread.
海蛋帮忙把席子铺在火堆边。 Hai Dan helped spread the mat by the fire.
王叶和海蛋奶奶一起扶着青年躺下。 Wang Ye and Grandma Haidan helped the young man to lie down together.
虽然条件简陋，但两人总算有了个可以安顿的窝。 Although the conditions are simple, the two finally have a nest to settle in.
海蛋奶奶帮着把一大一小的伤口都稍微处理了下。 Grandma Hai Dan helped to treat the wounds a little.
海蛋就拿着火把驱赶洞里的小生物，熏蚊虫。 The sea egg took a torch to drive away the small creatures in the cave and smoked mosquitoes.
王叶认出了海蛋奶奶带来的止血药草，是紫珠叶，这种植物又叫裸花紫珠。叶片可以止血消炎，除了外伤，还能治疗跌打伤、子宫出血、肺炎、支气管炎、扁桃体炎和风湿等疾病，对他和雷木都有用处。
Wang Ye recognized the hemostatic herb brought by Grandma Haidan, which was Purple Bead Leaf, and this plant was also called Naked Flower Purple Bead. The leaves can stop bleeding and reduce inflammation, and in addition to trauma, they can also treat diseases such as bruises, uterine bleeding, pneumonia, bronchitis, tonsillitis and rheumatism, which are useful for both him and Thunderwood.
“这叶子你们用石头砸烂了，哪里流血就抹哪里。咱们岛上村民受伤了都用这个，效果很好。”海蛋奶奶对这种草药非常推崇，在她口中，紫珠叶就是岛上的万能药。不过岛上不叫紫珠叶，就叫止血草。
"You have stoned this leaf, and you will wipe it out wherever there is blood. The villagers on our island use this when they are injured, and the effect is very good. "Grandma Hai Dan is very fond of this herb, and in her mouth, the purple pearl leaf is the island's panacea. However, the island is not called Purple Pearl, it is called Hemostatic Grass.
王叶脑中迅速浮现几个关于紫珠叶的药方。外伤可以直接用鲜叶捣烂或干叶磨碎敷上，有些内部的病就需要熬成汤汁服用，或者配其他药草一起使用，效果会更好。也可以把紫珠叶做成药丸。
Wang Ye's mind quickly appeared with several prescriptions about Zizhu Ye. External injuries can be directly applied with fresh leaf mashing or dry leaf grinding, and some internal diseases need to be boiled into a soup or used with other herbs, the effect will be better. You can also make purple bead leaves into pills.
他上辈子的师父精通一门提炼融合术，可以把药材中需要的精华提炼出来，再和其他需要的草药精华融合，炼制出效果特别好的药丸或药液。
In his previous life, his master was proficient in a refining and fusion technique, which could refine the essence needed in the medicinal herbs, and then fuse it with the essence of other herbs needed to refine a pill or liquid with a particularly good effect.
王叶跟着这位师父，学的自然也是这一套。他打算等海蛋和他奶奶离开后，再重新提取这紫珠叶中的精华。
Wang Ye followed this master, and naturally learned this way. He planned to wait for Hai Dan and his grandmother to leave, and then re-extract the essence of the purple bead leaf.
“这种药草我知道，确实很有用，你们岛上最好能多多保护这种植株，这种药草不挑地，用扦插就可以繁育。”既然要大量取用这种药草，那就欠了这药草的。王叶虽然不在乎欠因果，但如果随口能了结因果，为什么不多说一句？
"I know this herb, it is indeed very useful, it is best to protect this plant on your island, this herb does not pick the ground, it can be multiplied with cuttings." Since you have to take this herb in large quantities, you owe it to it. Although Wang Ye doesn't care about the cause and effect, if he can end the cause and effect casually, why don't he say more?
海蛋奶奶对扦插不太了解，王叶就详细说明了一番。 Grandma Haidan doesn't know much about cuttings, so Wang Ye explained in detail.
海蛋奶奶听完，恍然大悟：“这么简单？只要用老掉的枝条插到地里就能活？”
After listening to this, Grandma Haidan suddenly realized: "It's so simple? Just stick old branches into the ground and live? ”
王叶点头：“如果能在扦插前，把平时不要的鱼骨、兽骨砸烂了埋到土里，等来年再把枝条种在那片土地里，枝条会长得更好。”
Wang Ye nodded: "If you can smash the fish bones and animal bones that you don't usually need before cuttings and bury them in the soil, and then plant the branches in that land in the next year, the branches will grow better." ”
这简单。海蛋奶奶表示她记住了。 It's simple. Grandma Hai Dan said she remembered.
可能因为王叶传授了知识？海蛋奶奶对王叶和雷木的态度看着就更热情起来，说话间也带了一丝亲厚的意味：
Maybe it's because Wang Ye imparted knowledge? Grandma Haidan's attitude towards Wang Ye and Lei Mu became more enthusiastic, and there was a hint of affection in her words:
“看我，啰里啰嗦说这么多。你们都饿了吧？把这果子剖开，里面的粉加点水煮熟就能吃，也能做成团团。可惜咱家就一口锅，你要是想要锅，就让海蛋给你到海边捡一块凹陷的石头先用着。葫芦瓢也不能给你，咱家也只有这一个，岛上没有葫芦，这还是我年轻那会儿过路的海船水手送给我的。你们可以用粉果壳做水瓢，要么找块木头自己掏一个。”
"Look at me, so much rambling. You're all hungry, aren't you? Cut the fruit, add some water to the powder inside, cook it and eat it, and you can also make it into a ball. It's a pity that we only have a pot at home, if you want a pot, let the sea egg go to the beach for you to pick up a sunken stone and use it first. I can't give you a gourd scoop, and we only have this one, and there is no gourd on the island, which was given to me by a sailor of a sea ship who passed by when I was young. You can use powdered husks to make water scoops, or find a piece of wood and dig one out of your own. ”
海蛋奶奶风风火火说了一堆事，她没有送王叶两人多少东西，但她给了更宝贵的。
Grandma Haidan said a lot of things, she didn't give Wang Ye and the others many things, but she gave more precious things.
她告诉王叶附近哪里能找到干柴和引火的干草，哪边的林子里有果物和野菜，疗伤的药草又长在哪一片，以及哪边的林子有凶兽，哪边的海水能下去，哪边的海水不能下等等。
She told Wang Ye where to find dry wood and hay to start a fire, which side of the forest had fruits and wild vegetables, where the healing herbs grew, which side of the forest had fierce beasts, which side of the sea could go down, which side of the sea could not go down, and so on.
王叶又请海蛋奶奶帮忙，用木枝夹住自己的左臂骨折处，再用细藤蔓缠起来。
Wang Ye asked Grandma Haidan to help, clamped the fractured part of his left arm with a wooden branch, and then wrapped it with thin vines.
海岛上没什么医疗条件，岛民们生病受伤大多都要自己折腾，海蛋奶奶对于这种骨折伤势也不陌生，她不会摸骨正骨，但简单地绑木枝没什么问题，做起来又好又快。
There are no medical conditions on the island, most of the islanders have to toss themselves when they are sick and injured, and Grandma Haidan is no stranger to this kind of fracture injury, she will not touch the bones, but there is no problem with simply tying wooden branches, and it is good and fast to do.
王叶会正骨，手法还老练得很。也就是海蛋奶奶和海蛋见识不多，没看出来。但雷木懂啊，再加上小孩对药草不陌生的样子，就猜测小孩会不会是药师学徒。
Wang Ye can straighten the bones, and the technique is still very sophisticated. That is, Grandma Hai Dan and Hai Dan don't know much, so they don't see it. But Lei Mu understands, and the child is no stranger to medicinal herbs, so he guesses whether the child will be a pharmacist apprentice.
“好了。看你年纪不大，比我家海蛋能干多了。”海蛋奶奶揉了揉王叶的短头毛。
"Alright. Seeing that you are not very old, you are much more capable than my sea eggs. Grandma Hai Dan rubbed Wang Ye's short hair.
王叶感到海蛋奶奶比他上辈子遇到的海沟村人要热心得多。不过想想那时候的海沟村人都被囚犯岛上逃出来的恶人们狠狠虐过，对外来者自然无比警惕和排斥。
Wang Ye felt that Grandma Haidan was much more enthusiastic than the people from Haigou Village he had met in his previous life. However, thinking that at that time, the people of Trench Village had been brutally abused by the wicked people who escaped from the prisoner island, and they were naturally extremely wary and repulsive to outsiders.
雷木胸前的伤口比较麻烦，海蛋奶奶嘀咕说这种伤要么去隔壁岛找药师，要么就只能自己熬，熬过去就是命大。
The wound on Lei Mu's chest is more troublesome, and Grandma Hai Dan muttered that this kind of injury will either go to the next island to find a pharmacist, or you can only survive it yourself, and it will be a big life to survive it.
雷木自己倒是很不在意，他受过比这还重的伤，只要能让他吃饱喝足，说不定熬个十天半月就能慢慢痊愈。
Lei Mu himself didn't care, he had been injured more seriously than this, as long as he could be fed and drunk, maybe he would be able to slowly heal after ten days and a half months.
其实王叶身上的伤不比雷木轻，但他表面看起来行动自如，又没有疼痛难耐的模样，别人就只当他受伤不重。海蛋奶奶之前给王叶骨折的左臂绑上木枝，还夸赞王叶能忍。
In fact, the injuries on Wang Ye's body were not lighter than Lei Mu's, but he seemed to move freely on the surface, and he didn't look like he was in pain, so others only thought that he was not seriously injured. Grandma Haidan tied a wooden branch to Wang Ye's broken left arm before, and praised Wang Ye for being able to endure it.
“隔壁岛是对面那座岛吗？他们那里有药师？”王叶用小孩的好奇语气问。
"Is the island next door the island opposite? They have pharmacists there? Wang Ye asked in a child's curious tone.
海蛋奶奶叹口气：“那边是有药师，但我们这边如果不是真的非常严重的伤势和病情，一般不会过去找他们。那边的药师收费不但非常贵，还不好说话。”
Grandma Haidan sighed: "There are pharmacists over there, but if it is not for the really serious injuries and conditions on our side, we generally won't go to them." The pharmacists over there are not only very expensive, but also difficult to talk to. ”
“那边的药师愿意过来吗？” "Would the pharmacist over there want to come over?"
“那就要看你能付出多大的代价了。”海蛋奶奶可不觉得这落难兄弟俩能付出让隔壁岛药师满意的价钱。
"Then it depends on how much you can pay." Grandma Hai Dan didn't think that the brothers in distress could pay a price that satisfied the pharmacist on the island next door.
但小的既然能拿出那样一枚戒指，也许还藏了什么好东西，海蛋奶奶也没把话说死，可她也说明了：“想要请对面的药师过来，你就得先请动岛上的村民去对面，那代价也不小。别看我们两座岛离得近，但两座岛之间有一条海沟，暗流多，有怪物，很危险，想要过去得看时间和地点，要操船的老手才行。”
But since the little one can take out such a ring, maybe there is something good hidden in it, and Grandma Haidan didn't say anything to death, but she also explained: "If you want to invite the pharmacist on the other side, you have to ask the villagers on the island to go to the opposite side first, and the price is not small." Don't look at the proximity of our two islands, but there is a trench between the two islands, there are many undercurrents, there are monsters, it is very dangerous, and if you want to go there, you have to see the time and place, and you have to be a veteran of the ship. ”
王叶索性把那个钱袋从破木桶里掏出来，倒出里面的所有硬币：“您看这些够吗？”
Wang Ye simply took out the money bag from the broken wooden barrel and poured out all the coins inside: "Are you enough to see these?" ”
海蛋奶奶看了看倒出来的所有硬币，面有难色地道：“两个银币应该能让村里人跑一趟，但想把那边的药师请过来，最少也要二十枚银币。”
Grandma Hai Dan looked at all the coins poured out, and said with a sad face: "Two silver coins should allow the villagers to run away, but if you want to invite the pharmacist over there, you need at least twenty silver coins." ”
王叶只好道：“岛上有什么能快速赚钱的方法吗？” Wang Ye had no choice but to say, "Is there any way to make money quickly on the island?" ”
海蛋奶奶笑起来：“我们岛上的人都习惯有事自己做，做不了也会请同村的人。就算需要请人帮忙，你这么个小孩子，还受着伤，能做什么？”
我能做的事多着了，王叶暗想。
可恨他现在的模样，海沟村人就算有事也不会找他，更不会信赖他。
海沟村人不找他帮忙也没什么，他对如何赚钱已经有眉目，但短期内肯定赚不了太多。
赚不到钱就请不到药师，看来他只能自己想法给雷木治伤了。
If he can't make money, he can't hire a pharmacist, and it seems that he can only think of his own ideas to treat Lei Mu's injuries.
好歹他师父也是有名的药师，他后期虽然走的不是药学之道，但前期他的基本功学得非常扎实，他师父考校他也异常严厉，哪怕他后来对做药师没兴趣，也被逼着学了不少。
Anyway, his master is also a famous pharmacist, although he did not take the way of pharmacy in the later period, but he learned the basic skills very solidly in the early stage, and his master was also very strict in the school, even if he was not interested in being a pharmacist later, he was forced to learn a lot.
据他师父所说，他在药学上非常有天赋——其实这跟他的鉴定术有关，但他师父不知道，因此对他异常重视，把他当做衣钵传人，对他毫不藏私……
According to his master, he was very gifted in pharmacy - in fact, it had something to do with his identification skills, but his master didn't know about him, so he took him very seriously, regarded him as a mantle heir, and kept nothing to him......
啪！王叶重重甩了自己一个耳光。 Syllable! Wang Ye slapped himself hard.
雷木、海蛋和海蛋奶奶全都惊讶地看向他。 Remu, Sea Egg, and Sea Egg Grandma all looked at him in surprise.
王叶面无表情地道：“有蚊子。” Wang Ye said expressionlessly: "There are mosquitoes." ”
三人相信了，这时节正是蚊虫最多的时候。海蛋奶奶还哎呀一声说她应该再带一点防蚊虫的药草给他们。
The three of them believed that this was the time when there were the most mosquitoes. Grandma Hai Dan also groaned and said that she should bring them some more anti-mosquito herbs.
海蛋自告奋勇地说他知道哪些草能熏蚊子，把火把往水眼那里一插，撒腿就往洞外跑。
Hai Dan volunteered that he knew which grasses could smoke mosquitoes, and as soon as he stuck the torch into the water, he ran out of the hole.
“再带几根木棍，能打人的那种。”王叶喊。 "Bring a few sticks, the kind that can beat people." Wang Ye shouted.
海蛋摆摆手表示知道，很快就跑没影。 Hai Dan waved his hand to show that he knew, and soon ran away.
海蛋奶奶听王叶说要能打人的木棍，还点头夸赞王叶想得周到。这俩兄弟大的不能动，小的那么小，可不需要一些防身武器吗？
Grandma Haidan heard Wang Ye say that she wanted a wooden stick that could beat people, and nodded and praised Wang Ye for being thoughtful. These two brothers can't move, and the little one is so small, don't they need some self-defense weapons?
海蛋奶奶看时间不早，就不等孙子了，对王叶两人说道：“海蛋平时就爱瞎玩，你们要是有什么事就找他。别看这些崽子小，岛上的事情没人比他们更清楚。对了，等会儿他回来，跟他说让他在天黑前必须回家。我还得回去做饭，走了，明天我再来看你们。”
Grandma Haidan saw that the time was not early, so she didn't wait for her grandson, and said to Wang Ye and the two: "Haidan usually likes to play blindly, if you have anything, look for him." Don't look at these cubs as small, no one knows things on the island better than them. By the way, when he comes back later, tell him that he must go home before dark. I've got to go back to cooking, let's go, I'll come back to see you tomorrow. ”
海蛋奶奶来得风风火火，走得也风风火火。她没有留下给两人做饭，因为她知道她孙子会留下来帮忙，十岁的孩子在岛上除了不能上大船，在家里基本什么活都能上手。
Grandma Haidan came in a hurry, and she left in a hurry. She didn't stay to cook for the two of them, because she knew that her grandson would stay behind to help, and that a ten-year-old child could do almost anything at home on the island, except that he couldn't get on a big boat.
这时节正是夏日，是海沟岛日头最长的季节，按照地球时间计算，天全黑下来要到晚上九点半左右。
It's summer, the longest season on Trench Island, and it doesn't get dark until about half past nine in the evening, according to Earth time.
现在大约是下午五点多，日头还很亮。 It's about five o'clock in the afternoon, and the sun is still bright.
洞口那里就比较明亮，但里面就很暗，点上火堆才能勉强看清周围。
雷木靠在一块石头上环视四周，他的眼睛在黑暗中微微发亮，但王叶正在考虑怎么把那水眼扩大和聚水，就没看见。
Lei Mu leaned against a stone and looked around, his eyes lit up slightly in the darkness, but Wang Ye was thinking about how to expand and gather the water, so he didn't see it.
雷木看到水眼那里，目光忽然顿住。 Lei Mu saw the water eye, and his gaze suddenly stopped.
作者有话要说：
王叶：房子有了，还得装修~ Wang Ye: The house is there, and it has to be renovated~
　
第8章 皮皮虾的贡献 Chapter 8: The Contribution of Phi Phi Shrimp
王叶用石刀把水眼下面的砂质泥土扒了扒，弄出一个两尺见方的凹陷，再在凹陷边上弄了一条小沟，捡拾洞里的小石头铺在坑里，用一块更大的石头堵住小沟，坑里很快就掬起了一小汪清水。
Wang Ye used a stone knife to pick up the sandy soil under the water eye, made a two-foot square depression, and then made a small ditch on the edge of the depression, picked up the small stones in the hole and spread them in the pit, and blocked the small ditch with a larger stone, and a small pool of clear water was quickly picked up in the pit.
王叶把裹在屁屁上的破布扯下来——这还是他在那条大船的船舱中找到的，放进那个小水坑里，用脚丫子来回踩，水脏了，就把堵水的石头拿开，脏水就顺着小沟流走。
Wang Ye tore off the rags wrapped around his ass - this was still what he found in the cabin of the big ship, put it in the small puddle, and stepped back and forth with his feet, and when the water was dirty, he took away the stones that blocked the water, and the dirty water flowed down the small ditch.
如此反复，王叶把破布踩得差不多干净，就拿着这破布把自己浑身擦洗了一遍，把盐分和脏污全都擦洗干净。
After repeating this, Wang Ye stepped on the rag almost clean, and took the rag and scrubbed himself all over, scrubbing all the salt and dirt.
接着他又提着踩洗干净的破布过来给雷木擦身。 Then he came over with the cleaned rags to wipe Thunderwood's body.
他才八岁，十岁的海蛋都敢甩着小牛牛到处跑，他有什么好害羞的？
He is only eight years old, and ten-year-old sea eggs dare to run around with calves and cows, what is he to be shy about?
雷木起来，表示他可以自己过去擦洗。 Remu got up, saying he could go over and scrub it himself.
结果三动两动，他胸口的伤口又开始流血，被王叶瞪了好几眼。
As a result, the wound on his chest began to bleed again, and he was glared at by Wang Ye several times.
唉，这个小爸爸有点凶。雷木清理完自己就乖乖坐回火堆边，找了块石头靠上，拿过剩下的紫珠叶，打算砸烂给自己随便抹抹。
Alas, this little dad is a bit fierce. After Lei Mu cleaned himself, he obediently sat back by the fire, found a stone to lean onto, took the remaining purple bead leaves, and planned to smash it and wipe it on himself.
“我来，这药草得处理一下。”王叶拿过紫珠叶清洗干净，把药草叠放到一块比较平整的石头上。
"I'll come, this herb needs to be dealt with." Wang Ye took the purple bead leaf and cleaned it, and stacked the herbs on a relatively flat stone.
王叶右手虚空勾勒魔阵图，勾勒到一半，能量就跟不上了。
Wang Ye sketched the demon array diagram in the void with his right hand, and halfway through the outline, the energy couldn't keep up.
该死的零级！他又忘了他现在不是九十九级的大佬，魔阵图想要不用材料就引动能量勾勒出来，那简直就是做梦。
Damn level zero! He forgot that he was not a level ninety-nine boss now, and if the magic array diagram wanted to draw out the energy without materials, it was simply a dream.
可他现在有什么材料能绘制魔阵图？ But what materials does he have now to draw the magic array diagram?
王叶目光落在破木桶上。有了！那桶里他记得还有几只活的皮皮虾？
Wang Ye's gaze fell on the broken wooden barrel. Pregnant! How many live pippi shrimp did he remember in that bucket?
本来打算当晚餐的，现在嘛，就拿它们做祭品吧。 I was going to have dinner, but now, let's make a sacrifice with them.
王叶掏出皮皮虾，看似很随意地把皮皮虾摆放在石头周围，皮皮虾要跑，王叶拿小石块压住。
Wang Ye took out the Pipi shrimp and placed the Pipi shrimp around the stone very casually, and the Pipi shrimp wanted to run, but Wang Ye took a small stone to suppress it.
紧接着，王叶竟然就用水当绘制物来勾勒魔阵图。 Immediately afterwards, Wang Ye actually used water as a drawing object to outline the magic array diagram.
魔阵图以紫珠叶为中心，皮皮虾是六个点。 The magic array diagram is centered on the purple bead leaf, and the Pipi shrimp is six points.
雷木眼中闪过惊奇，这是魔阵图？ Surprise flashed in Lei Mu's eyes, this is the Demon Array Diagram?
用清水绘制魔阵图？能成功？ Draw a magic array diagram with clear water? Can it be successful?
王叶成功了，有皮皮虾的生命献祭，放在魔阵图中间的紫珠叶精华被提取出来，微微悬浮在石块上空。
Wang Ye succeeded, there was a life sacrifice of Pipi Shrimp, and the purple bead leaf essence placed in the middle of the magic array was extracted and slightly suspended above the stone.
雷木骇然，这是哪里冒出来的小怪物？ Lei Mu was shocked, where did this little monster come out?
王叶可不知道雷木有多震惊，他上辈子见他师父凭空勾勒魔阵图都习惯了，他自己后期也能做到，半点不觉得他现在用这么简单的材料成功绘制一个魔阵图有多么可怕。
Wang Ye didn't know how shocked Lei Mu was, he was used to seeing his master sketch a magic array diagram out of thin air in his previous life, and he could do it himself in the later stage, he didn't feel how terrible it was for him to successfully draw a magic array diagram with such a simple material now.
王叶迅速拿了一枚叶子，小心翼翼地接住那滴淡绿色的精华液。
Wang Ye quickly took a leaf and carefully caught the drop of pale green essence.
“躺下，不要动。”王叶命令雷木。 "Lie down and don't move." Wang Ye ordered Lei Mu.
雷木也不在意小孩的口气，乖乖躺下。 Lei Mu didn't care about the child's tone and lay down obediently.
王叶托着叶片在雷木身边蹲下，慢慢地把叶片上的紫珠叶精华倒入雷木伤口。
Wang Ye held the leaf and squatted down beside Lei Mu, and slowly poured the purple bead leaf essence on the leaf into Lei Mu's wound.
微凉的药液精华进入伤口，不知道是不是心理作用，雷木立刻觉得伤口无时不在的剧烈疼痛减轻了许多。
The slightly cool liquid essence entered the wound, and I don't know if it was a psychological effect, Lei Mu immediately felt that the sharp pain in the wound was reduced a lot.
剩下的紫珠叶不多，提取出来的精华液也少。如果是王叶全盛时期，他在提取药草精华时能半点不浪费，但现在……能提取出来就不错了。
There are not many purple bead leaves left, and there is not much essence extracted. If it was Wang Ye's heyday, he would not be able to waste any of it when extracting the essence of medicinal herbs, but now...... It's nice to be able to extract it.
少归少，精华液就是精华液，刚滴入雷木伤口，那一直在不断渗出的血丝就止住了。
Less is less, essence is essence, and as soon as it dripped into Lei Mu's wound, the bloodshot that had been oozing out stopped at all.
王叶看效果不错，嘴角翘了翘。 Wang Ye saw that the effect was good, and the corners of his mouth curled.
也许他师父说得没错，他确实在药学上很有天赋，看他这个提炼魔阵图用得多溜？
Maybe his master is right, he is indeed very talented in medicine, look at how slippery he is with this refining magic array diagram?
六只皮皮虾变成空壳，壳极脆，一踩就碎。 The six skin-skinned shrimp turned into empty shells, which were extremely brittle and shattered when stepped on.
他想抓食物，皮皮虾嘴馋跳到他的木桶里，吃了他的鱼内脏，如今被他献祭。一条因果线完成，王叶获得了极为微薄的因果之力。
He tried to grab food, and Pippi jumped into his barrel and ate his fish entrails, which he sacrificed now. A causal line was completed, and Wang Ye gained extremely meager causal power.
微薄的原因是他不占理，这就跟钓鱼执法一样，有点损。
The meager reason is that he is not reasonable, which is the same as fishing law enforcement, which is a bit of a loss.
因果之力很复杂，从小因果到大因果，从狭义到广义，兜兜绕绕，如果真要深究，能把你大脑绕成浆糊。
The power of cause and effect is very complex, from small cause and effect to big cause and effect, from narrow to general, and if you really want to dig deeper, it can turn your brain into a paste.
比如你捕鱼，你就欠了鱼。但你平时拉撒，会滋养草木。草木又滋养其他生物，其他生物又滋养其他生物或改善环境，其中有一种生物可能就是那鱼的食物。
For example, if you fish, you owe the fish. But when you usually pull a sare, you will nourish the grass and trees. Plants and trees nourish other organisms, and other organisms nourish other organisms or improve the environment, and one of them may be the food of the fish.
那么你捕鱼可能就帮助了那种生物，那生物就欠了你。 Then you may have helped that creature by fishing, and that creature owes you.
如此一环套一环，很多因果都能互相抵消。 In this way, many causes and effects can cancel each other out.
很多人都会喊着恶人为什么不会遭报应，可能就因为这恶人做的恶对于老天爷来说，也只不过是大因果循环中的一个点。
Many people will shout why the wicked will not be punished, perhaps because the evil done by the wicked is just a point in the great cycle of cause and effect for God.
人活着要吃要喝要活得好，自然会害死一大堆生物，乃至破坏环境。有人杀了某个人，相当于救了那些生物和改善环境。如此，这些人之间的恩怨和人类定义的好坏对于老天爷根本没有区别。
If people live to eat, drink and live well, they will naturally kill a large number of living things and even destroy the environment. When someone kills someone, they save the creatures and improve the environment. In this way, there is no difference between the grievances between these people and the good or bad defined by human beings.
所以人类需要法律，需要人类自己来治理自己。 So human beings need laws, and human beings need themselves to govern themselves.
求老天爷单独为你开眼，期盼因果报应，那压根不现实。
Asking God to open your eyes alone and look forward to karma is not realistic at all.
君不见古人很早就知道这个道理，他们创造出了天庭、地狱、西方极乐世界，其实还是人在治理人，讲究的就是以人为本。
王叶愿意修这复杂的因果之力，就因为这不知道是谁创造出来的能力是以智慧生物为本，以使用者为中心，主要以智慧生物的基本善恶观念为基础。
换言之，他平时完全不用担心走在路上踩到花花草草就欠下因果，只要不是故意践踏和大肆破坏，一般就不会欠下不能解的因果。包括他狩猎和采集也一样，不过分的话都可以平常心待之。
雷木看小孩把那药液精华都给他用了，有点不好意思：“你应该给自己留一点，你后脑勺上的伤……”
“没事，明天我就出去采集更多。”王叶满不在乎地道。虽然没有紫珠叶精华，但他能吸收因果之力，一样可以帮他加快伤势愈合。
雷木不太习惯有人毫无所求地对他这么好，尤其对象还是这么一个小孩子，还是自己身上带着伤的孩子。他再次看向水眼方向，垂下眼眸沉默。
王叶走到洞口往外瞅了瞅，他在等海蛋回来，他想出去弄点食物。
但他实在不放心把雷木一个人留在石洞里，上辈子雷木也不知道什么时候变成了没有自己意识的药人，他也不清楚雷木是什么时候、又是怎样来到他师父身边。
他第一次见到他师父，就在他师父那儿见到了药人木头。
他师父从来没跟他提过雷木的来历，见他想要，就把雷木给他了。
这辈子如果他没有重生、没有在这时候进入游戏，那受伤的雷木会在这座岛上碰到什么事情？
会不会他后来变成药人就和现在的受伤有关？
王叶越想越不放心。
“你要想出去就出去，我没事。别看我这样，自保的能力还是有的。”雷木看出小孩的踌躇，说道。
王叶咬了咬牙，他也不能就这么干等着。现在天还明亮，如果有人要干坏事，也不会在这时候上门。
王叶数了数他现在的仇家，就虾子和鲨鱼那对兄弟。
可虾子被他划伤，鲨鱼要帮他处理伤口，两人还得吃晚饭，恐怕暂时没时间来找他们麻烦，要找，九成也在明天以后。
想定，王叶放心不少：“那我出去找点东西，最多一个小时就回来，我就在附近，有什么事就大声叫我。”
“去吧，不用担心我。”雷木对小孩笑了笑。
王叶拎着破木桶走出石洞，就在附近寻找能当锅用的石头。
可合适的石头并不好找，王叶找了一会儿，发现一条可以从悬崖走到下面的小路。
悬崖下面也是大片的礁石，还夹杂着一个很小的沙滩。
那小路比较陡峭，下来就是那片小沙滩，小沙滩上还丢弃着一个被废弃不用的破旧木船。
说是木船，其实就是粗树干中间被掏空，两头和船底略微修整了下。
这小木舟头部撞了一个大洞，四周的木头都裂开了，只能当废弃物。
小木舟被废弃的时间可能比较长了，船底四周包括船舱里面都长满了藤壶和青口贝。
王叶把木桶刷洗干净，从小木舟上扒了大半桶藤壶和青口贝，又去礁石那儿扒了些牡蛎。
在礁石滩翻捡了半天也没找到适合的石块，王叶担心雷木，只好往回走。
走到一半时，他感到周围好像有人在看他，他对目光很敏感，尤其是对他怀有恶意的目光。
盯着他看的目光也许不含恶意，但也没什么善意。
王叶假装走不动路，放下木桶原地歇了一会儿，顺便看了看周围风景。
就在旁边的崖壁上有几个连起来的崖洞，从光亮处往里看，只能看到一团黑。但王叶很肯定，刚才盯他的目光就是从那边过来。
只要人不主动招惹他，王叶也不想多管闲事，权当什么都没发现，拎起木桶继续向悬崖顶端走。
作者有话要说：
崖洞内神秘人：这个小孩没见过，需要注意。
第9章 晚饭
回到石洞，海蛋已经回来了，并把防蚊虫的药草丢进了火堆里，还给他们留了一些。
火堆边还放有几根约三指粗的长木枝，看着都很结实。
雷木和王叶目光对上，王叶立刻绽开一个大大的笑脸。
雷木忍不住也笑了。他很少看到小孩不怕他，他对自己的纹面很有自知之明，大人看了都觉得悚人，更何况不懂事的小孩？没看那叫海蛋的小孩都不敢看他的脸。
可这叫王叶的男孩胆子真的很大，而且丝毫不在乎他的纹面。有时候他看自己的目光，甚至让他产生一种对方似乎已经和他生活了许多年的错觉。
“你回来啦，弄了些什么？”海蛋好奇地探头来看，结果就看到一堆没什么肉的贝类，当下就嫌弃地道：“你怎么弄这些东西吃？咱村就没人吃这些。”
“怎么？不好吃？”王叶还挺喜欢吃海鲜的。
海蛋摇头：“也不是不好吃，就是吃腻了。这东西特别多，长得到处都是，肉又少，吃多少都吃不饱。”
王叶心想这就是海边人才有的幸福啊，而且是这种海水无工业污染、且没有多少人的海岛土著才能享受到的幸福。
“你们是不是也不吃海蟹？那种硬壳有八只爪子的。”
“当然不吃，那东西又没多少肉，吃起来还麻烦。”海蛋更嫌弃了。
“那你们平时吃什么？”王叶把破木桶放到火堆边，从洞里找了一块较为椭圆的大石头，清洗干净，丢到火堆边炙烤。
海蛋撅着屁股帮忙，边忙边回答：“吃粉果啊，粉果是我们的主食，还有黑猪肉。黑猪原本是野猪，我们岛有好多野猪。村长爷爷去海草村那儿学会了怎么养猪，就逮了小黑猪来养，还会割了那些小猪的蛋蛋。那些小黑猪原本都特别凶，但割了蛋蛋以后就老实了。但我们一年到头也吃不到几次肉，还是吃鱼最多。”
王叶能理解海岛人对肉类和主食的追求，要他天天吃鱼他也受不了：“听起来你们过得还不错，你们不打鱼吗？”
“打鱼啊。但海上打鱼很危险，村里平均半个月才出去一次。平时大家也就是用小船在附近捕捞一些海货吃吃。”
海蛋对看起来就很小的王叶没什么戒心，王叶问什么，他就说什么，没一会儿就把他知道的海沟岛和海沟村的情况秃噜了个干干净净。
王叶从海蛋口中了解到海沟岛物产丰富，果物一年到头都有，山林中野物众多，每天早晚两次赶潮就能捡到足够吃饱的海货，如果不追求吃得好，人们哪怕不出海打鱼也能吃饱喝足。
粉果这种树都不用海沟村人特地种植，满岛屿长得都是，且是多年生，每年都能结果子，结果期还很长。
可能因为食物很容易获得，海沟村人都有点懒，不是不愿意干活那种懒，而是懒得去改变自己的生活，更懒得去发明创造。也没人会去随便吃别人没有吃过的果物、野物和海货。
海沟村能穿上粗布衣，会使用更多工具，变化还是从囚犯岛建立开始。五十年前海草岛那边建起海草村，海沟村人才有了更多交流对象，也学了不少外界知识，但对岛内改变还是很少。
但想想华夏前几千年的老百姓也大多维持着类似的生活方式，一个村庄只要不经历战乱，里面的生活可以几千年都不改变，王叶就能明白海沟村为什么会这样，他们有时候不是不想改变，而是不知道该如何改变和惧怕改变。
“粉果我帮你剖开？”海蛋抱着粉果问。
王叶扭头：“好……啊！”
他真蠢，这不就是现成的锅吗？
粉果果壳很硬，外表像椰子，用牡蛎壳刀不好切，只能用石刀砍。
海蛋抄起石刀砰砰两下就把果壳劈开。
这个大约有足球大的果子里面是满满的湿滑的淀粉。
海蛋告诉王叶，粉果里面的粉不能生吃，必须煮熟。
王叶看海蛋指甲里还带着黑泥的手指直接往果子里面抓，连忙抓住他的手，表示他自己来。这辈子他打算和师父和木头活得长长久久，完全不想给自己的身体留下任何隐患。
上辈子他从四岁开始就不得不负担起家里做饭的职责，等到后来他更是一个人生活，练出了一手还算不错的厨艺。
王叶洗过手，拿过一半的果壳，加了一点清水和海盐粒，两腿夹住果壳，单手把里面的淀粉搅拌成糊状。
等到面糊糊变得粘稠，可以用手团成一团抄起来，王叶就转移到了火堆边。
“你要做什么？”海蛋凑过来，他原本想把面糊糊弄成一团团的放到棕榈叶上，再放到火堆边烤，只要烤熟就能吃。
王叶的做法差不多，不过没用棕榈叶，而是直接把面糊糊往那块烤热的石头上一抹，这是摊煎饼的手法。
淀粉特有的焦香味冒出。
不到数秒，一张薄饼就摊好了。
海蛋看得眼睛一亮。
雷木不想干躺着，也过来帮忙，他把王叶摊好的薄饼从石头上揭下来，放到海蛋准备好的棕榈叶上。
“你躺在那儿别动！伤口再崩裂，我揍你！”王叶特别凶地冲雷木吼道。
雷木：“……我没事。”
“你有事！躺着，等我侍候你。”王叶又让海蛋去洗手，一定要洗得干干净净。
海蛋莫名其妙，但看王叶很凶的样子，乖乖去水眼那里洗手。
洗完了，还特别亮给王叶看。
王叶虽然觉得那双小爪子还脏得很，但也没要他再洗第二遍，而是吩咐海蛋帮忙把烙好的薄饼从石头上揭下来。
“好啊好啊，我来！”海蛋巴不得做这个活计，他觉得好玩。
雷木看没他的事，只好躺下。
一个人烙，一个人揭，速度相当快。
王叶烙了一半，就让大家先把烙好的薄饼吃掉。
薄饼口感很滑很嫩，带着点咸味，很像是王叶在地球吃过的葛根粉饼，对于饥饿的人来说很好吃。
王叶和雷木都饿了，吃起来速度飞快。
海蛋也不弱，丝毫没有客人的自觉，抢食不比王叶慢到哪儿。
随后王叶又把剩下的半个粉果里的淀粉做成团团，一个个摊在石块上烘烤。
如此，两个半球形的果壳就腾空出来了。
王叶毫不愧疚地指示海蛋把他提回来的贝类都清洗干净，把牡蛎剖开。
海蛋翻了个白眼，他们岛民都是直接煮了吃，洗个屁啊。
王叶想到这里的海水没多少污染，勉强接受了只随便冲洗一遍的藤壶和青口贝，把它们全都放到果壳里煮。
作料少，只能撒一点海盐提味。
其实藤壶蒸着更好吃，但现在条件不够只能凑合。
不过海鲜吃的就是一个鲜字，王叶拎来的大半桶藤壶和青口贝都是最新鲜的，哪怕清煮，口感也相当不错。
尤其藤壶这种对于船只和大型鱼类来说的害类，肉质鲜嫩，竟比青口贝更好吃一些。
剖开的牡蛎就放到火堆上烤，烤熟了连带里面的汁水一口吞，也很可口。
就是王叶只有一只手能用，吃东西很不方便。
雷木看王叶瞪着抢食的海蛋运气，好笑地拿过那些海鲜，把里面的肉挑出来，放到王叶面前，但挑了一会儿他的手就颤抖起来。
他被人暗害围杀，除了外伤，筋脉也受了严重损伤，导致手脚无力，就是做这么点小事，都不得劲。
其实他的情况原本可以不用这么糟糕，在那艘船上时，他的伤势已经开始好转，但没想到杀手还是跟了上来，并找到了他。
他拼死干掉杀手，但自己也重伤昏迷过去，最后被那艘船的船长给当做死人扔下船。
落海时，他因为伤口受到海水刺激醒来，不得不冒着加重伤势的危险，从已经受伤的筋脉中逼出力气往岸边游，好不容易爬上一座礁石，还没喘口气，又耗力拉了一个小孩上来。
这么一折腾，他原本开始好转的伤势就来了个翻转，不但没好转，还恶化了。
“你自己吃，不用管我。”王叶也馋，但他直觉雷木比他还需要营养。
海蛋看王叶不方便，这才一脸恍然大悟地道：“我忘了你断了一只手，我帮你弄吧。”
王叶：“……”
雷木也笑，王叶那忙里忙外的勤快小模样，实在是很容易让人忘记他现在是个小残废。
雷木看着后脑勺还带着伤的小孩，心里自然冒出一个疑惑：这娃不怕疼？还是感觉不到疼痛？
吃完海鲜，粉果团团也都烘烤熟了，这种烘烤出来的粉团团带着焦香味，吃到嘴里也不干，最好的是能饱腹。
王叶又用另外半个果壳烧了一锅开水。
这两个半果壳烧过一次后，就有点酥了，不知道是不是还能用第二次。
海蛋没什么信心地摇头道：“能烧一次没烧破就算不错，等我明天给你到大礁石滩那边找找有没有合适的石锅。”
“我和你一起去。”他需要认认路，主要是找找有没有什么有用的东西。
“对了，悬崖那边有些崖洞你知道吧？”王叶似不经意地问道。
海蛋抹嘴点头，“知道啊。”
“那里有人住吗？”
“没有。那里怎么会有人住？那里特别潮湿，洞里都是烂泥，我们都不去那边玩。”
“那岛上除了我和我哥，还有其他外来者吗？”王叶又问。
海蛋继续摇头：“没有了，就你们俩。”
王叶没再多问，他原本打算在海蛋回去时，趁着天还没黑，和他一起去海沟村一趟，但在知道那边崖壁洞里有人后，他就更不放心把雷木一个人留在洞里。
作者有话要说：
雷木：要不要告诉小家伙，我受伤了，但一样能杀人。算了，还是不说了，被小不点照顾的感觉还挺不错的，感觉像是养了一个孝顺儿子。
王叶：我家好大儿要是在我不注意的时候不小心变成药人怎么办，时刻提防。
　
第10章 聚水珠
海蛋走的时候，天边晚霞艳丽万分，就像是出来迎接帝王的盛装妃嫔，当然它们迎接的不是海蛋，那枚红艳艳的大鸡蛋黄才是她们迎接的帝王。
雷木见海蛋离开，突然道：“那个水眼里面有东西。”
“有东西？什么东西？”王叶往水眼望过去。
“不知道，那东西不算很深，大约一根手指深，你看看能不能挖开来。”
【任务发布：守墓人雷木委托玩家隔壁小王寻找水眼中的神秘物品。完成后，奖励50点经验值。请问隔壁小王是否接受这个任务？】
守墓人？王叶心里打了个突，总觉得这个前缀有点阴森和不祥之兆。
“我来看看。”王叶接下任务，拿了石刀就跑去挖掘水眼。
雷木感到一丝诧异，小孩似乎一点都不奇怪他的指点，也没问他为什么知道水眼里有东西，就这么自然而然相信了。
王叶上辈子和雷木一起生活七年多，当然知道雷木有些特异之处。雷木能看到能量的光芒，一般微小的能量光芒他会忽略，比较强的才会被他注意。
雷木的眼睛可以发现宝贝，而他可以鉴定，他们俩搭档，着实淘到了不少好东西。
只可惜上辈子他认识雷木时，雷木已经是没有自我意识的药人，他就算发现宝贝也不会表达，只是有时候会莫名其妙站到某个地方不动，或者一直看着某个地方某个东西。
他还是跟雷木生活久了才发现这点，在这之前也不知漏过了多少好物，这辈子可不能这样了。
细细的淡水从石头裂缝里冒出来，王叶用石刀插进石缝拨弄了好几下，几块碎石掉了下来。
王叶看出水眼变大了一点，就伸手去掏。
手指似乎摸到了什么圆溜溜的东西，王叶手指一勾，把那东西一点点从水眼里抠了出来。
那是一颗只有龙眼大的小石珠，扁扁的，呈椭圆形，有点像是小鹅卵石。
王叶能量所剩不多，他没有立刻鉴定，而是把石珠拿回去给雷木看。
“你看看是不是这个？”随着他把石珠拿到雷木面前，他脑中也响起了任务完成的提示音，50点经验值到账。
“对。”
“这是什么？”王叶举起石珠看。
雷木摇头，“我也不知道，但应该是好东西，能值点钱。”
雷木想拿这东西还小家伙的照顾之情。他虽然拉了小家伙一把，但后面反而是小家伙照顾他更多，他不喜欢欠人情，能早点还掉最好。
王叶把玩着石珠。
埋在水眼里的水珠，像是石头，但比石头光滑，摸上去水润润的，似乎怎么擦都擦不干。
再回头去看那水眼，就发现里面的水流断了。
王叶根据上辈子的经验推测，想到了一样东西，但是否是他所想的那个东西，还得施展鉴定术看看。
但今晚他要保留一定能量以防万一，就忍住了好奇心。
王叶把石珠又放回到水眼处，特意等了等，大约十分钟后，水眼处再次流出极细的水流。
哪怕没有使用鉴定术，王叶也有了八分把握，这石珠很有可能就是游戏世界天材地宝榜银榜上的“聚水珠”。
聚水珠顾名思义就是把附近的水汽集中生成水流，越是水汽丰富的地方，水流越大。
As the name suggests, water accumulation is to concentrate nearby water vapor to generate a water flow, and the more abundant the water vapor, the greater the water flow.
如果是在沙漠中，聚水珠要花很长时间才能聚集到一点淡水。
If you are in the desert, it will take a long time for the water beads to gather a little fresh water.
倒是在海洋大江大河中，这聚水珠可以当做随船淡水源使用。很多搞船运的大富豪大船长对聚水珠就很渴求。
However, in the great rivers of the ocean, these water beads can be used as a source of fresh water for ships. Many wealthy and captains who are engaged in shipping are very eager to gather water beads.
每次拍卖行有聚水珠出现，都会拍出很不错的价格。 Every time there is a bead of water in the auction house, it will be auctioned at a very good price.
但对大多数人来说，聚水珠只能算是比较鸡肋的宝物。虽然发现不多，但一般人得到都会拿去卖掉，鲜少有自己保留的。
But for most people, the water beads can only be regarded as a relatively trivial treasure. Although there are not many found, most people will sell them when they get them, and few keep them for themselves.
直到他进入游戏第七年，有玩家爆出一个秘密，说如果能找到千年钟乳石液，年份越久越好，把聚水珠养在其中，六十天后聚水珠就能自动变成灵水珠。
It wasn't until he entered the seventh year of the game that a player revealed a secret, saying that if he could find the thousand-year-old stalactite liquid, the longer the year, the better, and if he kept the water beads in it, the water beads would automatically turn into spiritual water beads after sixty days.
再把灵水珠放入任何一个死水中，那死水就会源源不断生出新的水，而且生出的水都是灵水，不但可以饮用，配药效果也极好。
另外这种灵水珠还能用来吸收水源。 In addition, this spiritual water bead can also be used to absorb water.
也只有玩家把游戏当游戏，才会愿意爆出这种消息。要换了游戏世界里的土著，捂着还来不及。
Only if players treat the game as a game will they be willing to break this kind of news. It's too late to change the natives in the game world.
虽然不知道这个消息是真是假，但自此以后，市面上聚水珠就几乎绝迹了，就算偶尔流出一两颗，也很快就会被人用很高的价格拍走。
现在游戏才开始没多久，自然不会有人知道这个消息，知道的土著也不会说出来。千年以上的钟乳石液虽然贵，但在市面上还是能买到的。
It's only been long since the game started, so naturally no one will know the news, and the natives who know will not say it. Although stalactite liquid that is more than 1,000 years old is expensive, it can still be bought on the market.
尤其王叶知道隔壁的囚犯岛下面就有一个巨大复杂的钟乳洞群，里面别说千年钟乳石液，万年的也有，再久的就别指望了，已经凝固成钟乳石。
In particular, Wang Ye knew that there was a huge and complex group of stalactite caves under the prisoner island next door, not to mention the thousand-year-old stalactite liquid in it, and there were also 10,000-year-old ones, and no matter how long it was, it had solidified into stalactites.
特别说明，这里说的千年钟乳石液并不是钟乳石滴下来的液体就是，能被放入游戏天材地宝榜银榜的千年钟乳石液成分和普通钟乳石液不一样，需要很特殊的环境才能造就，且蕴含能量丰富，故加上年份作为区别。
In particular, the millennium stalactite liquid mentioned here is not the liquid dripping from the stalactite, that is, the composition of the millennium stalactite liquid that can be put into the silver list of the game is different from the ordinary stalactite liquid, which requires a very special environment to create, and contains rich energy, so add the year as a difference.
“先放在这里吧，没了这东西，水眼就不能出水了。等我们走的时候，再把这石珠带走。”王叶拍了拍水眼。
"Let's put it here first, without this thing, the water eye can't come out of the water. When we leave, we will take the stone bead with us. Wang Ye patted his eyes.
“好，这石珠归你，你看着办。” "Okay, this stone bead belongs to you, you can do it."
“好木头，你放心，爸爸的也是你的~” "Good wood, don't worry, Dad's is yours too~"
雷木莞尔，不明白这个小不点怎么这么喜欢当别人的爸爸。
Lei Muwaner, I don't understand why this little guy likes to be someone else's father so much.
一心养儿的王叶开心地哼起他自己胡乱编的小曲，他不是开心得到了聚水珠，而是高兴雷木对他的信任。
Wang Ye, who was dedicated to raising children, happily hummed the little song he made up randomly, he was not happy to get the water beads, but happy that Lei Mu trusted him.
任谁有这样一双特殊的眼睛，相信都不会轻易让别人知道。
Anyone with such a pair of special eyes will not be easily let others know.
但雷木在他面前却没多加掩饰，就这么随随便便把水眼里有好东西的事告诉了他。
But Lei Mu didn't hide it much in front of him, and just casually told him that there was something good in the water eye.
王叶无视了自己现在才八岁，因为受到长期虐待，看起来更像是五六岁的孩童模样。
Wang Ye ignored that he was only eight years old now, and because he had been abused for a long time, he looked more like a child of five or six years old.
谁会提防一个小孩子呢？ Who would beware of a small child?
何况雷木已经做好准备，如果王叶问他怎么知道水眼里有东西，就说他对水汽变化比较敏感。谁想小孩一个字都没多问。
What's more, Lei Mu was already prepared, if Wang Ye asked him how he knew that there was something in the water eye, he would say that he was more sensitive to changes in water vapor. Who wants the child to ask not a word.
之前雷木以为小孩江湖经验丰富，现在又觉得这孩子有点傻白甜，太轻信别人了。
Before, Lei Mu thought that the child was experienced in the rivers and lakes, but now he thinks that this child is a little silly and sweet, and he is too gullible to others.
结果这个傻白甜的男孩当着雷木的面制作了几个简易箭头，又把吃剩下的青口贝贝壳砸成较大的碎片，再把这些碎片和锋利的藤壶壳撒到石洞口，然后用麻线把箭头绑起来，在洞口设置了一个简易机关。
As a result, the silly boy made a few simple arrowheads in front of Lei Mu, smashed the remaining mussel shells into larger pieces, and then scattered these pieces and sharp barnacle shells at the mouth of the stone cave, and then tied the arrows with twine, and set up a simple mechanism at the entrance of the cave.
这些小机关想要杀死人不太可能，但也足够让没有提防的人喝上一壶。
It's unlikely that these little traps will kill people, but they're enough to give a pot to the unsuspecting.
最让雷木看得眼皮直跳的是，当你以为这些小机关就是全部时，那小孩竟然在进洞口三分之一处又埋下一些竖起来的牡蛎壳。重点是这些牡蛎壳都被小孩指使海蛋磨出了锋口。
What made Reimu's eyelids jump the most was that just when you thought these little traps were all there was to it, the kid actually buried some erect oyster shells in a third of the way through the hole. The point is that these oyster shells have been sharpened by the child's sea eggs.
雷木想到那些习惯赤脚的当地岛民：“……” Remu thought of the local islanders who were used to going barefoot: "......"
“你不疼吗？”雷木终于忍不住问道。 "Aren't you hurting?" Reimu finally couldn't help but ask.
“啥？”正在用石刀削木棍尖头的王叶抬起头，脸上还沾了点木屑。
"What?" Wang Ye, who was sharpening the tip of a wooden stick with a stone knife, raised his head, and there were some sawdust on his face.
雷木伸手把木屑捏掉，“我问你骨折的手臂还有被打伤的脑袋和胸腹不疼吗？”
Reimu reached out and pinched the sawdust off, "I ask you if your broken arm and bruised head and chest and abdomen don't hurt?" ”
王叶咧嘴笑得特别蠢，“不是很疼。” Wang Ye grinned stupidly, "It's not very painful." ”
雷木像是明白了什么：“你对疼痛感知是不是比较低微？”
Lei Mu seemed to understand something: "Is your perception of pain relatively low?" ”
王叶瞒别人但绝不会瞒雷木，他从认识雷木到现在就没掩饰过这点：“嗯。”
Wang Ye hides from others, but he will never hide from Lei Mu, he has never hidden this since he met Lei Mu: "Hmm. ”
他知道有意识的雷木和没有自我意识的傀儡木头行事绝不一样，但他下意识地就认为雷木不会害他。
He knew that the conscious Thunderwood and the unself-aware puppet Wood behaved differently, but he subconsciously thought that Thunderwood would not harm him.
如果对方真的会因为某些事谋算他，他会帮助对方一段时间或几件事，就当偿还上辈子的亏欠，然后就了结这段因果。但目前看来，他的好大儿还是很好哒。
If the other party really plots against him for something, he will help the other party for a period of time or a few things, and he should repay the debt in his previous life, and then end this cause and effect. But for now, it seems that his good son is still very good.
雷木捏了捏小孩的鼻子，“这种事以后不要随便告诉别人，哪怕不痛，你也要装出疼痛的样子。这世上有很多变态就喜欢你这种特殊体质的小孩，你再聪明，也防不住前赴后继的暗算者。要懂得保护自己，嗯？”
Lei Mu pinched the child's nose, "Don't tell others about this kind of thing in the future, even if it doesn't hurt, you have to pretend to be in pain." There are many perverts in this world who like children with special physiques like you, and no matter how smart you are, you can't prevent the plotters who go forward and follow. Know how to protect yourself, huh? ”
王叶脑袋抵住青年的肩膀蹭了蹭。 Wang Ye rubbed his head against the young man's shoulder.
雷木的心脏像是被什么软软的东西碰了一下。 Raigi's heart felt like it had been touched by something soft.
这感觉对他来说很陌生，但并不坏。 It felt foreign to him, but it wasn't bad.
王叶也不知怎么的，笑容怎么都止不住，靠着雷木的肩膀，哼着歌儿继续自己的手工活。
Wang Ye didn't know why, he couldn't stop smiling, leaning on Lei Mu's shoulder, humming a song and continuing his manual work.
雷木心情被小孩感染，一直紧绷的神经都放松许多。 Lei Mu's mood was infected by the child, and the nerves that had been tense were much more relaxed.
除了布置好的小机关，王叶另外又削制了四根有尖头的木棍，还把木棍的尖头放到火堆里燎烤，进行初步的碳化处理。
In addition to the small mechanism arranged, Wang Ye also sharpened four wooden sticks with pointed ends, and also put the pointed ends of the wooden sticks into the fire to roast them for preliminary carbonization treatment.
经过碳化处理的木棍尖头不容易腐蚀，也能用得更久一点。
The carbonized tip of the stick is not easy to corrode and can be used for a little longer.
睡觉时，王叶就把四根尖头木棍放在两人手边。 When he was sleeping, Wang Ye put four pointed wooden sticks in the hands of the two of them.
没个结实的门，又是初来乍到，当然是怎么小心也不为过。
There is no sturdy door, and it is a newcomer, of course, it is not too careful.
作者有话要说： The author has something to say:
王叶：嘿嘿嘿~ Wang Ye: Hey, hey, hey~
第11章 过去 Chapter 11: The Past
王叶睁着眼睛看着黑暗的洞顶，他睡不着。 Wang Ye opened his eyes and looked at the dark cave roof, he couldn't sleep.
他并不是天生的疼痛感知低微，而是小时被虐待太过，也不知是伤到了哪里的神经，还是心理因素，某一天他突然就感觉不到多少疼痛了，那天他特别高兴。
It's not that he was born with a low sense of pain, but that he was abused too much when he was a child, and he didn't know if it hurt his nerves or psychological factors, and one day he suddenly didn't feel much pain, and he was very happy that day.
他以为他已经能忘怀，毕竟过去那么多年。 He thought he could forget, after all, so many years had passed.
可当重生归来，这具身体保留的记忆与他原本的记忆重合，很多已经被他遗忘的事情又被他想了起来。有些事是他亲身经历，有些事是他姑姑和门口邻居们告诉他的。
But when he returned from rebirth, the memories retained by this body coincided with his original memories, and many things that had been forgotten by him were remembered by him again. Some of the things he had experienced were told to him by his aunt and the neighbors at the door.
他已经没有母亲的记忆，上辈子长大后也没见过那个女人，对那女人他不做任何评价。
He has no memory of his mother, and he has never seen that woman in his previous life when he grew up, and he does not make any comments about that woman.
据说他母亲是外地人，被老王欺骗，以为老王是富有的拆二代，加上老王为了骗老婆很能装，一开始对他母亲很体贴，他母亲才不顾两人年龄相差十三岁，离家三千里嫁给了老王。
It is said that his mother is a foreigner, deceived by Lao Wang, thinking that Lao Wang is a rich second generation, and Lao Wang is very good at pretending to be able to deceive his wife, and he was very considerate to his mother at first, so his mother married Lao Wang 3,000 miles away from home despite the thirteen-year age difference between the two.
老王实际并不是拥有许多套房子的富有拆二代，王家确实是拆迁户，但家里就分到两套房子，一个中套在老王手上，一个小套给了他姑姑。
Lao Wang is actually not a wealthy second generation who owns many houses, the Wang family is indeed a demolition household, but the family is divided into two houses, one in Lao Wang's hands, and a small set is given to his aunt.
老王不但不富有，还吃喝嫖赌抽五毒俱全。他母亲一看上当受骗，自然要闹，要离婚，要老王赔偿她的损失，老王不肯，两个人的日子过得是鸡飞狗跳。
Lao Wang is not only not rich, but also eats, drinks, prostitutes, gambles, and smokes all five drugs. When his mother saw that she had been deceived, she naturally wanted to make trouble, divorce, and ask Lao Wang to compensate her for her losses, but Lao Wang refused, and the life of the two of them was like a chicken and a dog.
据说他刚出生没几天，喝醉酒的老王就跑到派出所，跟民警嚷嚷他儿子上户口就叫王野种。派出所的人看不过去，把老王教训一通，做主给他取名王叶。
It is said that just a few days after he was born, the drunk Lao Wang ran to the police station and shouted to the police that his son's name was Wang Yechong when he was registered. The people at the police station couldn't look at it, so they taught Lao Wang a lesson, and named him Wang Ye.
很多人都说他妈和一个年轻俊俏的外地打工仔好上了，天天闹着要和老王离婚。
Many people said that his mother got along with a young and handsome migrant worker, and he was making trouble divorcing Lao Wang every day.
但老王死活不同意，还跑去找那个打工仔要钱。 But Lao Wang didn't agree, and went to the wage earner to ask for money.
他妈一气之下，儿子也不要了，趁老王去上班的时候，收拾了一个行李箱就走了。
His mother was angry, and his son didn't want it anymore, so when Lao Wang went to work, he packed a suitcase and left.
那时他两岁不到。 He was less than two years old at the time.
而被留下的他，自此就生活在了地狱中…… He was left behind, and he has lived in hell ever since......
详细他已经不想回忆，揭开过去疮疤并不是一件让人愉快的事情。
He didn't want to reminisce about it anymore, and it was not a pleasant thing to uncover the scars of the past.
后来他七岁的时候，他姑从精神病院里回来，他的日子稍微好过了一些。
Later, when he was seven years old, his aunt came back from a mental hospital, and his life was a little better.
老王知道虐待儿童犯法，几次被拘留，也不敢再明着对他下手，只是喝醉酒时会控制不住自己，进而暴露本性。
Lao Wang knew that child abuse was a crime and had been detained several times, but he didn't dare to attack him openly, but he couldn't control himself when he was drunk, and then exposed his true nature.
又一次老王从拘留所回来，对他们姑侄肆意辱骂，还拳打脚踢。
Once again, when Wang returned from the detention center, he wantonly abused their aunt and nephew, and punched and kicked them.
他那患有精神障碍的姑为了他，反抗加一时冲动，失手杀死了老王。
His aunt, who suffers from mental disorders, resisted and impulsively killed Lao Wang by mistake.
他姑姑事后去自首，把事情都揽在自己身上。 His aunt turned herself in afterwards and took the matter all on herself.
他姑姑之前就砍伤过前夫，有前科，这次他姑姑再次伤人，还是杀人，虽然被判断她行凶时受到了强烈刺激，加上情有可原，但也只是酌情轻判，她依然要被关到精神病院，最少也要等到王叶长大能作为她的监护人签字愿意在院外监护她，才有可能出来。
His aunt had slashed her ex-husband before, and she had a criminal record, this time his aunt hurt people again, or killed someone, although she was strongly stimulated when she was judged to have committed the murder, and there were extenuating circumstances, but it was only a light sentence, she still had to be locked up in a mental hospital, at least until Wang Ye grew up to sign as her guardian and was willing to supervise her outside the hospital, before it was possible to come out.
后来他一满十八岁就把他姑姑接出来，租了房子和她生活在一起。
Later, when he turned eighteen, he took his aunt out and rented a house to live with her.
他姑姑只要不受刺激，平时就跟正常人一样。 As long as his aunt is not stimulated, she is usually like a normal person.
他有钱了就买了一套房子养他姑姑，还找了人照顾他姑姑。
When he got rich, he bought a house to support his aunt and found someone to take care of his aunt.
他临死前，把自己的大半财产都给了他姑姑，又长期雇佣了一个律师事务所帮她处理问题。
Before he died, he gave most of his property to his aunt, and hired a law firm to help her deal with the problem for a long time.
他只希望他的死不会刺激到他姑姑…… He only hoped that his death would not irritate his aunt......
而这辈子，他在这时候回来，自然不会再让他姑姑手沾鲜血，那老畜生不配让他姑姑背上杀兄的罪！
And in this life, when he comes back at this time, he will naturally not let his aunt's hands stain blood again, that old beast is not worthy of letting his aunt bear the sin of killing his brother!
王叶翻了个身，想着要不要下线看看。 Wang Ye turned over, thinking about whether to go offline and take a look.
他是突然进来，进来之前没和他姑姑做任何交代，就怕她担心和多想。
He came in suddenly, and he didn't explain anything to his aunt before he came in, for fear that she would worry and think too much.
而且他上线的地点还是医院病房，这么突然消失，恐怕会闹出事来。
And the place where he went online is still a hospital ward, so if he disappears so suddenly, I'm afraid something will happen.
但他不知道自己是怎么进来的，也不知道自己回去后是否还能再进来，要是能回去传个信，立刻回来就好了。
But he didn't know how he got in, and he didn't know if he would be able to come back when he got back, and if he could go back and deliver a message, he would be right back.
“想家人了？”身边响起雷木的低语声。 "Missing family?" A whisper of Raimu sounded beside him.
王叶翻过身，面对雷木：“我在想我姑姑，我担心她。”
Wang Ye turned over and faced Lei Mu: "I'm thinking about my aunt, I'm worried about her." ”
“等我伤好了，送你回家。”雷木拍拍小孩的背。 "When I'm healed, I'll send you home." Raimu patted the child on the back.
“我家很远很远，远到我回去就不一定能再回来，也不一定能再看到你。”王叶低喃。
"My home is far, far away, so far that I may not be able to come back again, and I may not be able to see you again." Wang Ye muttered.
雷木：“不管多远，只要你想回去，我就送你。如果你到家了，不想待在家里，我也可以送你去任何你想去的地方。”
Remu: "No matter how far it is, as long as you want to go back, I'll send you." If you get home and don't want to stay at home, I can also send you wherever you want. ”
王叶单手抱住雷木，感动地道：“木木，你真好，爸爸以后的遗产都给你。”
Wang Ye hugged Lei Mu with one hand and said movingly: "Mu Mu, you are so good, Dad's inheritance will be given to you in the future." ”
雷木给这小逗比逗笑：“行，我知道了，小爸爸，我会争取活得比你长。”
Lei Mu teased the little tease: "Okay, I know, little daddy, I will try to live longer than you." ”
王叶满意了。 Wang Ye was satisfied.
作者有话要说： The author has something to say:
王叶：不小心就长歪了，这真不怨我~ Wang Ye: I accidentally grew crooked, I really don't blame me~
第12章 回 Chapter 12: Back
跟雷木聊了聊，让王叶也想通了，他下线如果真的无法再上线，大不了他就想法赚钱买个游戏头盔。
chatted with Lei Mu, so that Wang Ye also figured it out, if he really can't go online anymore, it's a big deal, he wants to make money to buy a game helmet.
只要他还想进入游戏，总会有办法的。 As long as he still wants to get into the game, there will always be a way.
况且他是不是忘了游戏有GM？ Besides, did he forget that the game has a GM?
他是真身进入没错，但游戏系统该有的一切设置他都有。
It's true that he's in real life, but he has everything the game system should have.
虽然《极度危险》的游戏GM就是个智能系统，但绝大多数的常见问题它都能回答。如果是它无法回答的问题，它就会让你自行探索。
While the GM of Extreme Danger is an intelligent system, it answers most of the most common questions. If it's a question it can't answer, it lets you explore on your own.
“我能下线吗？”王叶想定后，立刻敲游戏GM。 "Can I go offline?" After Wang Ye made up his mind, he immediately knocked on the game GM.
游戏智能GM时刻在线，立刻给出回答：【玩家隔壁小王是否想前往地球？】
The game's smart GM is always online and immediately gives an answer: [Does the player next door Xiao Wang want to go to Earth?] 】
“对。” "Yes."
【可以。】
王叶一听，立刻又问道：“我回去地球后是否还能再过来。”
【可以。】
太好了！王叶正要说等会儿就下线，就听游戏GM补充道：
【请注意，玩家隔壁小王身体与精神体一起进入本游戏世界，每次传送需要消耗更多能量。经过检测，玩家隔壁小王没有使用常规游戏设备进入游戏，无法从设备获取能量，故，玩家隔壁小王每次传送回地球，需要消耗本身经验值。】
王叶嘴角拉了拉。看，世间就没有白掉的馅饼，他是不用买昂贵的游戏头盔或游戏舱了，也不用消耗过多电费，但相应的他在经验值上的花费就多了。
而经验值扣除多了，他升级自然就会变慢。
“传送回地球需要多少经验值？”
【玩家十级以下，一次需要消耗五十点经验值。】
王叶突然反应过来：“等等，我进来时就有经验值了？”
【有。】
王叶诧异，连忙拉开自己的游戏面板查看自己已经完成的任务，结果就看到他的第一个任务竟然是“初醒”。
初醒这个任务的经验值只有可怜的10点。
第二个任务是“游历新世界，开拓新地图”。
这个新世界大概就是地球了，虽然他游历的地点只有家和医院。
这个任务给出的经验值奖励是100点。
另外他还有一个待接受的隐藏任务，要求他游历新世界更多地方，根据游历范围和记录内容程度来奖励经验值。
初醒和游历新世界都是被动任务，不用接任务，完成就算。所以他也没有注意到。
“我怎么会突然进入游戏？”王叶边问边把那个隐藏任务接了。
【检测到玩家隔壁小王强烈想要进入双月星的愿望，在经验值满足的情况下，自动传送。】
王叶：……好吧，都是他的错。他确实在那时候特别想念游戏世界，想要进入游戏世界疗伤。
“以后我不明确要求，不要自动传送，请一定先跟我确认。”
【好的。】
“还有一个问题，我是什么时候进入的游戏世界？”
【玩家隔壁小王于9月18日00:55分进入游戏。】
王叶了然，看来他重生归来的那一刹那，游戏就自动判定他进入游戏了。
他猜测会如此的原因应该是他上辈子得到的那东西和游戏程序连接在了一起，那东西不但让他重生归来，还把他和游戏进行了绑定。
然后游戏不知道在哪方面认知出现错误，或者是本来就有这样的设定，把地球当做了新地图来开拓。
王叶又查看了他现有的所有经验值。
在地球，他一共赚了110点经验值。
在这里他靠抓鱼捕虾和敲贝壳，赚了116点经验值，零级的贝类都是一个一点。再加上寻找石珠得到的50点经验值，一共是166点。
进入双月星用掉50点，还剩下226点经验值。
足够他往返一次。
“木木，木头……”王叶凑到雷木耳边轻唤。
“我叫雷木，不叫木木，也不叫木头。”雷木睁开眼，无奈地道。
“好的，木木，我等会儿会出去一趟，很快就回来，你不要担心。”王叶从席子上爬起来。他就回去十分钟，顶多十五分钟。
雷木觉得小孩稍微有那么点欠揍：“这么晚了你去哪里？”
“五谷轮回。”
“哦，那你去吧，小心点别被毒蛇咬了屁股。”
王叶哼了哼，小心绕过自己设下的埋伏，走出石洞。 Wang Ye snorted, carefully bypassed the ambush he had set up, and walked out of the stone cave.
外面星斗满天，就是风有点大。 The sky is full of stars outside, but the wind is a little strong.
王叶走到暗处，确定左右无人，默念下线。 Wang Ye walked to the dark, made sure that there was no one on the left and right, and silently went offline.
结果下线之前，他眼前先浮现了一幅星图。
星图上只有两颗星星，一颗叫地球，一颗叫双月星。
双月星他知道，就是游戏世界的星球名。 The Twin Moon Star, he knows, is the name of the planet in the game world.
但这是什么意思？ But what does that mean?
【请玩家隔壁小王选择想要传送的地点。】 [Please ask the player next door Xiao Wang to select the location you want to teleport.] 】
所以他回地球以后都不再是下线，而是传送到新的游戏地点？
王叶之前看到那个完成的地图探索任务就有所猜测，现在得到肯定，心脏咚咚咚跳得飞快。
Wang Ye had a guess when he saw the completed map exploration task before, but now that he was affirmed, his heart was pounding fast.
地球是新地图，在那边游历就有经验值拿，那是不是说他在地球生活也有任务做，一样有经验值拿？
The earth is a new map, and if you travel there, you will have experience points, so does that mean that he also has tasks to do in his life on the earth, and he also has experience points?
换言之，他将比普通玩家有更多时间玩游戏，也能更快升级。
In other words, he will have more time to play the game and level up faster than the average player.
等等，别的玩家有游戏时间限制，需要经常下线给身体补充营养，还要经营地球那边的生活，但他不用啊，他能真身进入游戏，完全可以长期生活在游戏世界，回不回地球做任务对他也没什么区别。
Wait, other players have game time limits, need to often go offline to replenish their body nutrition, and also manage the life on the other side of the earth, but he doesn't need to, he can enter the game in real life, he can live in the game world for a long time, and it makes no difference to him whether he can't return to the earth to do tasks.
这么一想，王叶就不激动了。 Thinking like this, Wang Ye was not excited.
不过回到地球也有经验值拿，也是好的。他不可能一直不回去地球。
But it's good to go back to Earth and have experience points. He couldn't never go back to Earth forever.
王叶转而又想到游戏会不会借由他来探索地球乃至侵略地球，但想了一会儿，他觉得应该不用担心这点。
Wang Ye then thought about whether the game would use him to explore the earth or even invade the earth, but after thinking about it for a while, he felt that he should not worry about this.
能搞出这样的游戏，还能让全地球各国政府都默认并主动推行，开发者会不了解地球？
If you can make such a game, and can make all governments around the world default and take the initiative to promote it, will the developers not understand the earth?
另，如果这个游戏真的对地球危险至极，地球各国政府会同意这个游戏在地球发行？
Also, if the game is really extremely dangerous to the planet, will the governments of the planet agree to release the game on the planet?
难道那些政要和他们身后的智囊团都是傻子？ Are those dignitaries and the think tanks behind them stupid?
那显然不可能。 That's obviously impossible.
最重要的是知道那个秘密的他，多少能明白游戏为什么把地球当做游戏新地图。
The most important thing is that he knows the secret, and he can somewhat understand why the game uses the earth as the new map of the game.
“我不能再下线了吗？”王叶最后确认道。 "Can't I go offline anymore?" Wang Ye finally confirmed.
游戏GM略微延迟了两秒回答：【玩家是想卸载本游戏吗？】
The game GM replied with a slight delay of two seconds: [Do players want to uninstall this game?] 】
王叶好奇地问：“那能卸载吗？” Wang Ye asked curiously, "Can it be unloaded?" ”
【可以，本游戏镶嵌在玩家你得到的元宇宙钥匙中，如想卸载本游戏，请先解绑元宇宙钥匙。】
[Yes, this game is embedded in the Metaverse Key that the player gets, if you want to uninstall this game, please unbind the Metaverse Key first.] 】
王叶当然不可能解绑元宇宙钥匙，那可是让他重生的宝贝，而且就算他想解绑，也不知道要怎么解绑，那玩意已经和他灵魂绑定。要解绑大概只有一个方法，那就是摧毁他的灵魂。
Of course, it is impossible for Wang Ye to unbind the Metaverse Key, it is a treasure that makes him reborn, and even if he wants to unbind, he doesn't know how to unbind it, that thing is already bound to his soul. There is probably only one way to untie it, and that is to destroy his soul.
对于元宇宙钥匙，王叶了解不多，他询问游戏GM，GM只回了五个字：【请自行探索。】
Wang Ye didn't know much about the key to the metaverse, he asked the game GM, and the GM only replied with five words: [Please explore on your own. 】
王叶也不是这么急着了解元宇宙钥匙，当即点击星图中的地球。
Wang Ye was not so anxious to understand the key to the metaverse, and immediately clicked on the earth in the star map.
地球放大，从国到省再到市区，继而到他的家……这里很快就要不是他的家了。
The earth zooms in, from the country to the province to the city, and then to his home...... Soon it won't be his home.
王叶把传送地点定位在了他的卧室。 Wang Ye located the teleportation location in his bedroom.
一闪眼，王叶出现在自己家中。 In a flash, Wang Ye appeared in his home.
地球的时间和游戏的时间基本同步，都是一天二十四小时，只是根据地区白天黑夜会有所不同。
The time of the earth and the time of the game are basically synchronized, both are twenty-four hours a day, but it will vary depending on the region.
现在这边也是黑夜，王叶看了下床头上他姑姑送给他的荧光闹钟，时间是晚上22：17分。
Now it's also dark here, Wang Ye looked at the fluorescent alarm clock given to him by his aunt on the bedside, the time was 22:17 in the evening.
他的卧室门开着，客厅亮着灯，他姑姑应该在家。 His bedroom door was open, the living room was lit, and his aunt was supposed to be home.
王叶打开大灯，打开衣柜找到短裤和背心套上。 Wang Ye turned on the headlights, opened the wardrobe and found shorts and a vest to put on.
他姑姑几乎是立刻就跑进来了：“王叶，是不是你？” His aunt ran in almost immediately: "Wang Ye, isn't it you?" ”
“是我。”王叶回道。 "It's me." Wang Ye replied.
他姑姑叫王沐，头发剃得很短，个子很高，有一米七三，身材维持得很好，走在路上绝不会让人错认她的性别。
His aunt's name is Wang Mu, her hair is very short, she is very tall, 1.73 meters, her figure is well maintained, and people will never mistake her gender when walking on the road.
王沐一把抓住他的右臂，着急问道：“你跑到哪里去了？你怎么光着身子，你遇到了什么事？”
Wang Mu grabbed his right arm and asked anxiously, "Where did you run to?" How are you naked, what happened to you? ”
“姑姑，您别急，我没事。来，您坐，我跟您慢慢说。”王叶安抚姑姑。
"Auntie, don't worry, I'm fine. Come, sit down, I'll talk to you slowly. Wang Ye appeased his aunt.
“说什么事？你知不知道你消失一天，我有多着急？我到处找你，警察也在找。你伤得这么重还敢到处乱跑，你说你……”王沐又气又急。
"What do you mean? Do you know how anxious I am when you disappear for a day? I'm looking for you everywhere, and the police are looking for you. You are so seriously injured and dare to run around, you say you ......" Wang Mu was angry and anxious.
“对不起姑姑，我错了。”王叶抓住王沐的手，讨好地道：“姑姑，我接下来要说的事您可能会不相信，但我希望您能先听我说完。”
"I'm sorry Auntie, I was wrong." Wang Ye grabbed Wang Mu's hand and said flatteringly: "Auntie, you may not believe what I am going to say next, but I hope you can listen to me first." ”
王沐深吸气：“好，你说。” Wang Mu took a deep breath: "Okay, you say." ”
“姑姑，你先看我的伤。”王叶拉起背心。 "Auntie, you look at my injuries first." Wang Ye pulled up his vest.
一提到王叶的伤势，王沐就满心都是恨和怒，当然不是对王叶的，全都是对她兄长老王的。
As soon as Wang Ye's injury was mentioned, Wang Mu's heart was full of hatred and anger, of course, not against Wang Ye, all of them were against her brother Elder Wang.
昨晚她接到民警电话，说她大哥家里出事，让她赶紧过来一趟。
Last night, she received a call from the police, saying that there was an accident at her eldest brother's house and asked her to come over quickly.
她赶过来，发现王叶被打得浑身是伤，脑袋被打破，手臂被打骨折，腹部还有脚印。而老王躺在床上睡得人事不知，满身都是酒臭味，民警用冷水都泼不醒他。
She rushed over and found that Wang Ye was beaten all over the body, his head was broken, his arm was broken, and there were footprints on his abdomen. And Lao Wang lay on the bed and slept unknowingly, his body was full of the smell of wine, and the police couldn't wake him up with cold water.
后来还是一名老民警发现老王情况有异，怀疑他可能酒精中毒，就让救护车把老王和王叶一起拖到医院急救去了。
Later, an old policeman found out that Lao Wang's condition was different and suspected that he might be poisoned by alcohol, so he asked an ambulance to drag Lao Wang and Wang Ye to the hospital for first aid.
王沐从民警口中得知，王叶的伤是被他亲生父亲老王打的。
Wang Mu learned from the police that Wang Ye's injuries were beaten by his biological father, Lao Wang.
　
第13章 姑姑的疑问 Chapter 13: Auntie's Question
老王因为欠赌债还不上钱，不得不把唯一住房给卖了。 Lao Wang couldn't pay off his gambling debts because he had to sell his only house.
老王房子没了，心中窝火，不怪自己滥赌，反而怪王叶妨碍了他的赌运，回来借酒浇愁，醉后就把儿子毒打一顿发泄。
Lao Wang's house is gone, and he doesn't blame himself for gambling excessively, but blames Wang Ye for hindering his gambling luck, and when he comes back, he borrows wine to drown his sorrows, and when he gets drunk, he beats his son to vent.
老王不管重伤的儿子倒在冰凉的水泥地上，就这么去睡觉了。
Lao Wang didn't care about his seriously injured son and fell to sleep on the cold concrete floor.
王叶半夜从昏迷中醒来，用老王的手机向报警台求救。 Wang Ye woke up from a coma in the middle of the night and used Lao Wang's mobile phone to call the alarm station for help.
到医院后，医生给老王做了详细检查，发现他因为饮酒过量，酒精刺激造成交感神经兴奋，导致脑血管收缩，压力增大，血管壁撑不住破裂出血。
After arriving at the hospital, the doctor gave Lao Wang a detailed examination and found that he had drunk too much, and the sympathetic nerve was stimulated by alcohol, which led to cerebral vasoconstriction, increased pressure, and the blood vessel wall could not support rupture and bleeding.
而老王出血的位置还是小脑接近脑干外，压迫到了中枢神经，这就是他昏迷不醒的原因。医生说再送迟一点，老王就这么一命呜呼也有可能。
And the location of Lao Wang's hemorrhage is still close to the cerebellum outside the brainstem, compressing the central nervous system, which is why he is unconscious. The doctor said that if it was sent a little later, it would be possible for Lao Wang to die like this.
医院做了抢救性的紧急手术，可老王平时饮酒过多，又患有高血压，他自己又不注意保养，人是抢救回来了，但呼吸仍然很微弱。
The hospital did a rescue emergency operation, but Lao Wang usually drank too much alcohol and suffered from high blood pressure, and he did not pay attention to maintenance, and the person was rescued, but his breathing was still very weak.
医生判断，老王就算能活下来，以后也可能会变成植物人。
The doctor judged that even if Lao Wang survived, he might become a vegetative person in the future.
王叶同样伤得很重，民警和医生们都对小孩万分同情，对同样躺在病床上的老王则是厌恶万分。尤其小区民警以前就因为老王虐待儿子，教育过他几次，对他恶感更甚。
Wang Ye was also seriously injured, and the police and doctors were very sympathetic to the child, but they were disgusted with Lao Wang, who was also lying on the hospital bed. Especially the community police have educated him several times because of Lao Wang's abuse of his son before, and they have a bad feeling for him even more.
王叶的伤势需要住院观察和治疗，但王叶坚持要回家，说他没有钱住院，说爸爸不会给他钱看病。说得几个医生护士眼睛都红了。
Wang Ye's injuries required hospitalization for observation and treatment, but Wang Ye insisted on going home, saying that he had no money to be hospitalized and that his father would not give him money to see a doctor. As he spoke, the eyes of several doctors and nurses were red.
王沐看到侄子的伤，想杀老王的心都有了。 When Wang Mu saw his nephew's injury, he wanted to kill Lao Wang.
她说她来付钱，让侄子安心住院疗伤。王叶有少儿医保，住院能报销大部分。王叶的医保费也是她交的。
She said she came to pay for her nephew's peace of mind to stay in the hospital. Wang Ye has children's medical insurance, and most of the hospitalization can be reimbursed. Wang Ye's medical premiums were also paid by her.
可早上天没亮，她就发现侄子从医院病床消失了，床上只留下王叶穿的短裤和背心，还有骨折固定用的石膏和吊带。
But before dawn in the morning, she found that her nephew had disappeared from the hospital bed, leaving only the shorts and vest worn by Wang Ye on the bed, as well as the plaster cast and suspenders used to fix the fracture.
情况十分诡异，王沐初以为侄子不想她花钱就跑回家了。但也不至于脱光衣裤跑出去，还把治疗骨折的石膏给脱下来了吧？
The situation was very strange, Wang Muchu thought that his nephew didn't want her to spend money and ran home. But it's not like you will take off your clothes and pants and run out, and you will take off the plaster cast for the treatment of broken bones, right?
这衣服能脱，石膏要怎么完整脱下来？ This garment can be taken off, but how can the plaster be taken off completely?
王沐想不通，在医院问了一通都没找到人，看医院监控也没看到王叶进出的身影。搞得医生护士也好奇不已。
Wang Mu couldn't figure it out, he didn't find anyone after asking in the hospital, and he didn't see Wang Ye coming in and out when he looked at the hospital monitoring. It made the doctors and nurses curious.
王沐又回王家找了，王叶也不在家。 Wang Mu went back to Wang's house to look for it, and Wang Ye was not at home.
她还去学校找王叶，同样不在。 She also went to the school to look for Wang Ye, but she was also not there.
没办法，她只好报警。但出于某种她自己也说不明白的心思，她没说衣服和石膏的事。
There was no way, she had no choice but to call the police. But for some reason that she couldn't explain herself, she didn't say anything about clothes and plasters.
民警就没多想，也以为小孩心思重，不想没什么钱的姑姑给他出住院费，就自己跑出了医院。民警们帮着在小区附近的免费公园之类的地方找了找，也没找到人。
The police didn't think much about it, and thought that the child was serious and didn't want his aunt, who didn't have much money, to give him hospitalization expenses, so he ran out of the hospital by himself. The police helped to search for places such as free parks near the community, but they couldn't find anyone.
王沐抱着王叶伤势太重，有可能被好心人送回医院的期盼，又回到医院，直到晚上才回到她大哥家。
Wang Mu held Wang Ye's injury too seriously and the possibility of being sent back to the hospital by well-wishers, so she returned to the hospital and did not return to her eldest brother's house until the evening.
她就睡在客厅里，正想着王叶也许会回家来，就看到王叶那个狭小的卧室突然亮起了灯。
She slept in the living room, thinking that Wang Ye might come home, when she saw that Wang Ye's small bedroom suddenly turned on the light.
王叶是怎么回来的？ How did Wang Ye come back?
从大门进来肯定不可能，她就在客厅，也没睡着，有人开门进门，她不可能不知道。
It was definitely impossible to enter through the door, she was in the living room, and she was not asleep, and it was impossible for her not to know that someone opened the door and entered the door.
爬窗？这可是四楼？她侄子还断了一只胳膊。 Climbing a window? Is this the fourth floor? Her nephew also had a broken arm.
那么就是王叶一直躲在家里？ So Wang Ye has been hiding at home?
可为什么？ But why?
“咦？你胸腹这边的暗红色好像消退了不少？”王沐摸了摸侄子的肚子，还轻轻按了按，问他疼不疼。
"Huh? The dark red color on your chest and abdomen seems to have faded a lot? Wang Mu touched his nephew's belly, pressed it gently, and asked him if it hurt.
当时急救的医生可是说了，王叶内脏被踹伤，脾脏被膜下出血，虽然不用手术，但也需要住院观察。脾脏是很脆弱的器官，有时打个喷嚏都会出血，被膜出血就表示脾脏已经处在危险状况，很容易就会造成被摸破裂乃至腹腔大出血。
At that time, the emergency doctor said that Wang Ye's internal organs were kicked and his spleen was bleeding under the membrane, and although he did not need surgery, he also needed to be hospitalized for observation. The spleen is a very fragile organ, sometimes it will bleed when you sneeze, and the bleeding of the membrane indicates that the spleen is in a dangerous state, and it can easily cause rupture and even abdominal hemorrhage.
“不疼。”王叶摇头，任由她仔细看，他骨折左臂上绑着的木枝和藤蔓全都没跟过来，左臂耷拉着。
"It doesn't hurt." Wang Ye shook his head and let her look closely, all the branches and vines tied to his broken left arm did not follow, and his left arm drooped.
王叶暗叹，他这支胳膊也是多灾多难，幸好不是开放性骨折。
Wang Ye sighed secretly, his arm was also full of disasters, but fortunately it was not an open fracture.
王沐又拨开他的头发看了看他的后脑勺，发现昨晚还在流血的伤口竟然已经开始收口。
Wang Mu brushed his hair away again and looked at the back of his head, and found that the wound that was still bleeding last night had begun to close.
“我现在带你去医院，你这伤势必须住院，你不能再偷跑了。”王沐知道侄子对疼痛不敏感，根本不相信他说的不疼两个字，说着就要抱侄子去医院。
"I'll take you to the hospital now, you have to be hospitalized for this injury, you can't sneak away anymore." Wang Mu knew that his nephew was insensitive to pain, so he didn't believe what he said about not hurting, and he was going to take his nephew to the hospital.
“姑姑，别。真不用住院，您看我不是好了很多？”王叶连忙挣脱他姑姑的怀抱。他连续吸收了几份因果之力，能量大半都被他用来疗伤，虽然不是那么快，但效果还是有的。
"Auntie, don't. I really don't have to be hospitalized, don't you think I'm much better? Wang Ye hurriedly broke free from his aunt's embrace. He absorbed several parts of the power of cause and effect in a row, and most of the energy was used by him to heal his wounds, although it was not so fast, but the effect was still there.
“你还小不懂，你的伤势很重必须住院，你不用担心钱的事，姑姑真的有钱，姑姑又找到一份工作了，姑姑可以……”
"You are still young and don't understand, your injuries are very serious and you have to be hospitalized, you don't have to worry about money, my aunt is really rich, my aunt has found a job again, my aunt can ......"
王叶抓住他姑姑的手，他姑姑是地球上对他最好最真心的一个人，上辈子如果没有她，他早就死了。
Wang Ye grabbed his aunt's hand, his aunt was the best and most sincere person on earth to him, if it wasn't for her in his previous life, he would have died a long time ago.
“姑姑，我的伤势如果留在医院治疗，只能治好表面，而且会花很长时间。我现在有办法不但能早早把伤势全都治好，还能调养我从小亏损的身体，但我不能去医院，我需要去别的地方。”
"Auntie, if my injuries are left in the hospital for treatment, they will only heal the surface, and it will take a long time. I now have a way to not only heal all my injuries early, but also to recuperate my body, which I have suffered from since childhood, but I can't go to the hospital, I need to go somewhere else. ”
王沐重重皱起眉头：“你在胡说什么？你要去哪里治疗？你到底是怎么回事？早上你怎么突然就跑了？为什么把衣服都脱了，为什么要把石膏拆下来？而且这石膏为什么没有损坏？还有你是不是一直躲在家里？为什么？”
Wang Mu frowned heavily: "What nonsense are you talking about?" Where are you going for treatment? What the hell is going on with you? Why did you suddenly run away in the morning? Why did you take off all your clothes and why did you remove the plaster? And why is this plaster not damaged? And have you been hiding at home? Why? ”
王沐脑子被侄子搞得很乱，一肚子疑问。 Wang Mu's mind was messed up by his nephew, and he had questions.
【任务发布：请玩家隔壁小王对地球华夏公民王沐女士提出的问题做出合理解释，解决其困扰。完成后，奖励50点经验值。请问隔壁小王是否接受这个任务？】
[Quest Release: Ask the player next door Xiao Wang to give a reasonable explanation to the problem raised by Ms. Wang Mu, a citizen of the Chinese Citizen of Earth, and solve her troubles. Upon completion, 50 XP points are awarded. Does Xiao Wang next door accept this task? 】
接受肯定要接受。但王叶也头疼要怎么回答这些问题。 Acceptance, for sure, acceptance. But Wang Ye also had a headache about how to answer these questions.
他进入游戏太突然，没有做好准备的结果就是留下了一些不太好解释的现象。偏偏游戏还是个小气的，让他真身进出，却不让他携带两个世界的物品来回，否则哪需要这么麻烦。
He entered the game too suddenly, and the result of not being prepared was to leave behind some phenomena that were not easy to explain. It's just that the game is still stingy, let him really go in and out, but don't let him carry the items of the two worlds back and forth, otherwise why would it be so troublesome.
“姑姑，其实我是被外星人带走了。” "Auntie, I was actually taken away by aliens."
王沐：“……” Wang Mu: "......"
王叶眼睛闪亮亮：“真哒！不骗你。” Wang Ye's eyes were shining: "It's amazing! I kid you not. ”
王沐：信你才有鬼。 Wang Mu: Only by believing in you can you have a ghost.
王叶看王沐的表情从焦急恼火变成好笑和无奈，改口道：“好吧，姑姑，我在逗你玩。其实我在不久前拜了一位师父，他见我骨骼清奇器宇不凡，死活要收我为徒。今早他按时来教授我功课，发现我受伤，很生气，就把我从医院带走了。”
Wang Ye saw that Wang Mu's expression changed from anxious and annoyed to amused and helpless, and changed his words: "Okay, auntie, I'm teasing you." In fact, not long ago, I worshipped a master, and when he saw that my bones were extraordinary, he wanted to take me as an apprentice. He came on time this morning to teach me my homework, found out that I was injured, was very angry, and took me out of the hospital. ”
王叶绞尽脑汁地编谎言：“我师父他这人脾气古怪，不喜欢我身上的医院消毒水味，就让我把衣服都脱了。还有他嫌弃医院用的石膏不好，为了防止我再次受伤，就用了一种特殊方法帮我把石膏脱下来。另外，他还不太爱和外人见面说话，所以我也没能来得及跟您交代。”
Wang Ye racked his brains to make up lies: "My master has a strange temper and doesn't like the smell of hospital disinfectant water on my body, so he asked me to take off my clothes." He also disliked the bad plaster cast used in the hospital, so in order to prevent me from being injured again, he used a special method to help me take off the plaster. In addition, he doesn't like to talk to outsiders very much, so I haven't had time to explain it to you. ”
王叶又想起一点，赶紧补充道：“哦，对了，他是个非常厉害的中医，医术特别棒，还会一些很神奇的功夫。”
Wang Ye thought of it again, and hurriedly added: "Oh, by the way, he is a very powerful Chinese medicine practitioner, his medical skills are very good, and he can also do some very magical kung fu." ”
王沐从头听到尾，伸手摸了摸侄子的额头，自语道：“是不是发烧了，怎么说起胡话来了？”
Wang Mu heard from the beginning to the end, reached out and touched his nephew's forehead, and said to himself: "Is it a fever, why are you talking nonsense?" ”
王叶乐，“姑姑，我没发烧。我知道这事听起来很不可思议，但这真的是真的。我本来不想把这事告诉任何人，但我以后会跟着师父学习，可能会经常不在家，怕您担心才告诉您。这事我只告诉您，您可千万别告诉别人，我怕被有心人注意到，他们抓不到我师父，可能会抓我。”
Wang Yele, "Auntie, I don't have a fever. I know it sounds incredible, but it's true. I didn't want to tell anyone about this, but I will study with Master in the future, and I may often be away from home for fear that you will be worried. I only want to tell you about this, but don't tell anyone, I'm afraid that someone will notice it, and they won't be able to catch my master, and they may arrest me. ”
王沐满脸写着“我就听你胡扯”的无语表情。 Wang Mu had a speechless expression on his face with "I'll listen to your nonsense".
王沐甚至担心侄子是不是脑袋被打坏了，或者刺激受大了精神出了问题。否则那么满身仇恨、满眼阴狠、浑身都写着“世界欠我”的小孩怎么突然变得这么……说开朗也不对，应该说轻松？洒脱？
Wang Mu was even worried about whether his nephew's head was broken, or if he was stimulated and had a mental problem. Otherwise, how could such a child who was full of hatred, full of cruelty, and with "the world owes me" written all over his body, suddenly become so ...... It's not right to say cheerful, should I say relaxed? Free?
就好像一直被仇恨桎梏的小孩终于挣脱仇恨的枷锁，可以过自己的生活了。
It's as if a child who has been shackled by hatred has finally broken free from the shackles of hatred and can live his own life.
王叶不知道他姑现在看他的眼神很怪异，知道他也不会在意。
Wang Ye didn't know that his aunt was looking at him very strangely now, and he knew that he wouldn't care.
随便他姑怎么想吧，反正人还是这个人，他姑如果真因此恐惧他，不再认他这个侄子，他也不会强求。
Whatever his aunt thinks, anyway, the person is still this person, if his aunt is really afraid of him because of this, and no longer recognizes him as a nephew, he will not force it.
王叶把他的技能栏扒拉出来，看有什么技能是现在能施展出来、又能让他姑姑相信他有了奇遇的。
Wang Ye pulled out his skill bar to see what skills he could use now and convince his aunt that he had an adventure.
其实最简单的就是当着他姑的面再消失一次，然后再出现。但王叶舍不得来之不易的经验值，这个破游戏给经验值真的太吝啬。
In fact, the easiest thing is to disappear again in front of his aunt and then reappear. But Wang Ye is reluctant to give hard-won experience points, this broken game is really too stingy to give experience points.
他目前的主要能力有三：因果之力，鉴定术，制药术。 His current three main abilities are: the power of cause and effect, the art of identification, and the art of medicine.
鉴定术和制药术现在都不好施展，那就只有因果之力。 Identification and medicine are not easy to perform now, so only the power of cause and effect is available.
因果之力只是个泛说，就像金木水火土五行能力一样，它们都各自有自己的技能树。
The power of cause and effect is just a general term, just like the five elements abilities of gold, wood, water, fire, and earth, each of them has its own skill tree.
因果之力在游戏中的技能树一共由二十一个技能构成，大多数技能都需要他的等级达到一定程度才能学习。而且前面学习的技能熟练度必须达到熟练，才能学习新的技能。
The skill tree of Causal Power in the game consists of a total of twenty-one skills, most of which require him to reach a certain level in order to learn. And the skills learned earlier must be proficient in order to learn new skills.
但他占了重生的便宜，所有技能他都已经学习过，并不需要再重新学习。
But he took advantage of the rebirth, he had already learned all the skills, and there was no need to relearn them.
不过可能是为了游戏平衡，他依然需要达到一定等级才能开启相关的技能。
However, it may be for the sake of game balance, he still needs to reach a certain level before he can activate the relevant skills.
但就算如此，他也占了极大便宜。 But even so, he took a huge advantage.
作者有话要说： The author has something to say:
王叶：还有11天就是国庆节，第一批大量玩家就要进入游戏。我得在这之前把能处理的杂事都处理掉，这辈子要赚好多钱好多钱把我姑姑、师父、木头都养得白白胖胖的~
Wang Ye: There are 11 days left before the National Day, and the first batch of large number of players will enter the game. I have to deal with all the chores that I can handle before this, and I have to make a lot of money in this life to raise my aunt, master, and wood for nothing~
　
第14章 解释和交代 Chapter 14 Explanation and Explanation
进入《极度危险》这个游戏的玩家很多人进来大半年都学习不到理想技能，大多数人只能和新手村的武技师父学习一点粗浅的武技。
Many players who enter the game "Extreme Danger" can't learn the ideal skills for more than half a year, and most of them can only learn a little superficial martial arts from the martial arts master in the novice village.
而且这破游戏经验值少，升级非常慢，还没有空间背包，不论干活还是学习，都要真正地干和真正地学习。
And this broken game has little experience points, upgrades are very slow, and there is no space for backpacks, whether it is working or studying, you have to really work and really learn.
偏偏死亡惩罚又特别厉害，死一次就会掉一级，一个月内连续死亡三次竟然会直接掉到零级。
However, the death penalty is particularly severe, and if you die once, you will drop one level, and if you die three times in a month, you will fall directly to level zero.
这些原因累加在一起，气得不少玩家在初期弃玩，对游戏开发商大肆抗议。
The combination of these reasons made many players angry that they abandoned the game in the early stage and protested against the game developers.
可惜游戏开发商从来没有出过面，更没有任何回应。 It's a pity that the game developer never came forward, let alone responded.
明眼人都能看出，这款游戏在全世界各国同步推出，这么大的手笔却查不到该游戏公司的任何信息，这背后明显有政府的影子。
Anyone with a discerning eye can see that this game was launched simultaneously in countries all over the world, but no information about the game company can be found with such a big deal, and there is obviously a shadow of the government behind it.
开发商不说话，政府没反应，玩家们也懵逼了。 The developers didn't speak, the government didn't respond, and the players were confused.
这么傲的游戏，要么不玩？ Such a proud game, or not play?
可这是唯一的真正百分百全息游戏，据说各国军队都偷偷在里面做训练和演习，买了昂贵头盔和更昂贵游戏舱的玩家们哪可能这么轻易就弃玩。
But this is the only truly 100% holographic game, and it is said that the armies of various countries secretly do training and exercises in it, and players who have bought expensive helmets and more expensive game pods can not give up playing so easily.
抱怨了一阵子，玩家们又回去了。 After complaining for a while, the players went back again.
等玩家熬到十五级，副本出现，玩家们才知道这个游戏为什么叫《极度危险》。
When the player survives to level 15 and the dungeon appears, the players know why this game is called "Extreme Danger".
虽然副本极其危险，但机缘也多。绝大多数进入副本的玩家只要运气不算太坏，过上一两个副本，差不多就能找到属于自己的机缘。而且能学到的能力五花八门，只有你想不到的，就没有副本里没有的。
Although dungeons are extremely dangerous, there are also many opportunities. As long as the vast majority of players who enter the dungeon are not too lucky, they will almost be able to find their own opportunities after one or two dungeons. And there are all kinds of abilities that can be learned, only what you can't think of, there is nothing that you don't have in the dungeon.
为此，玩家们都说《极度危险》从十五级起才算真正入门。
For this reason, players say that Extreme Danger is not really a beginner until level 15.
可能因为有了这么一个大众说法，后来进入游戏的玩家一进游戏就拼命升级，都想快点升到十五级，好进副本找机缘。
Maybe because of such a popular saying, players who later entered the game desperately upgraded as soon as they entered the game, and they all wanted to quickly upgrade to level 15, so that they could enter the dungeon to find opportunities.
就是他这个因果之力的修炼方法也是从副本中获得。 Even his cultivation method of the power of cause and effect was also obtained from the dungeon.
扯远。王叶回神，注意力集中到他的因果之力技能树上。
Far away. Wang Ye returned to his senses and focused his attention on his causal power skill tree.
零级就能开始使用的技能只有四个，分别为： There are only four skills that can be used at level 0, which are:
【收因结果】，续航类被动技能，完结因果后可自动吸收因果之力。
[Result of Cause Collection], a passive skill of endurance, can automatically absorb the power of cause and effect after the end of cause and effect.
【自投罗网】，控制技能，可以拉拽欠了自己因果的存在来到自己面前。有失败可能，数量越少、体积越小、精神力越低的存在越容易拉拽成功。需要配备因果武器，没有武器，威力减半。他在礁石上捕鱼时用的就是这招。
[Self-throwing net], control skills, can pull the existence of cause and effect owed to yourself to come to yourself. There is a possibility of failure, and the smaller the number, the smaller the size, and the lower the mental power, the easier it is to pull and pull successfully. Requires a causal weapon, without a weapon, the power is halved. That's what he used when he fished on the reef.
【冤冤相报】，拼命技能，受伤越重攻击力越强，好处是能量不足也能施展，而且不需要配备因果武器，有最好，没有也可以。
[Retribution], desperate skills, the heavier the injury, the stronger the attack, the advantage is that the energy is insufficient, and it can be used, and there is no need to equip causal weapons, there is the best, and it is okay to have not.
【生生不息】，治疗技能，利用吸收来的因果之力来治疗自己的伤势和病情。这也是他目前用的最多的，现在能量太少，只能对自己使用，等以后能量累积多了，再达到三十级，他就能用因果之力治疗别人。治疗别人时需要配备因果武器。
[Endless], healing skills, using the absorbed power of cause and effect to heal one's own injuries and illnesses. This is also what he uses the most at present, now the energy is too little, he can only use it for himself, and when the energy accumulates more in the future, and then reaches level 30, he can use the power of cause and effect to heal others. Karma weapons are required to heal others.
零级能使用的技能真的太基础，要是一级，至少还有个轻功【塞翁失马焉知非福】做证明。没办法，矮子里面拔将军，就【自投罗网】吧。
The skills that can be used at level zero are really too basic, if they are level 1, at least there is a light skill [Sai Weng lost his horse and knew whether it was a blessing] to prove it. There's no way, the dwarf pulls out the general, just [throw yourself into the net].
“姑姑，为了证明我没有在说胡话，现在我将施展我师父教给我的一个小把戏。”
"Auntie, to prove that I am not talking nonsense, now I will perform a little trick that my master taught me."
王叶展开别人看不见的因果卷，挑起一条因果线，拉扯曾经……吸过他鲜血的蚊子到他面前来。
Wang Ye unfolded the volume of cause and effect that others could not see, provoked a cause and effect line, and pulled the ...... The mosquitoes that had sucked his blood came to him.
现在是秋中，但天气还是很热，王叶的房间连电风扇都没一台，他姑姑给他买几台，老王能拿走几台。他只能打开窗户通风，可他的窗户上没有纱网，自然挡不住想要吃饭的蚊子。
It's the middle of autumn, but the weather is still very hot, Wang Ye's room doesn't even have an electric fan, his aunt bought him a few, and Lao Wang can take a few. He can only open the window to ventilate, but there is no screen on his window, so naturally he can't stop the mosquitoes who want to eat.
一个夏天下来，也不知有多少蚊子吸过王叶的鲜血。 One summer, I don't know how many mosquitoes have sucked Wang Ye's blood.
王叶这么一拉扯，好嘛，原本就围着姑侄两个飞来飞去的蚊子立刻集中成了一小团，窗外还有新的蚊子飞来加入。
Wang Ye pulled like this, okay, the mosquitoes that were originally flying around the two aunts and nephews immediately gathered into a small group, and there were new mosquitoes flying outside the window to join.
王沐看到这么多蚊子，当即起身要去找蚊香。 When Wang Mu saw so many mosquitoes, he immediately got up to find mosquito coils.
“姑姑，等会儿，你看。”王叶为了效果，多使用了一点能量，他现在的能量要比他之前拉扯海鱼时要多一点。
"Auntie, wait a minute, you see." Wang Ye used a little more energy for the effect, and his current energy was a little more than when he pulled the sea fish before.
他托起手掌，让那些蚊子集中在他的手掌上空，拉住它们不准它们离开。
He held up his palms and let the mosquitoes concentrate on his palms, holding them and preventing them from leaving.
王沐目瞪口呆。那几十只蚊子集中在一起，实在让人无法忽视。
Wang Mu was dumbfounded. Those dozens of mosquitoes are clustered together, and it is really impossible to ignore.
王沐鸡皮疙瘩都冒起来了，恨不得立刻拿苍蝇拍把这些蚊子全都打死。
Wang Mu had goosebumps, and he wanted to kill all these mosquitoes with a fly swatter immediately.
王叶还笑嘻嘻地说：“这招抓蚊子效果还不错，不过必须是吸过我血的蚊子才能用这招。”
Wang Ye also smiled and said: "This trick is not bad for catching mosquitoes, but it must be a mosquito that has sucked my blood to use this trick." ”
王叶看差不多了，手掌一翻，把这些蚊子全都拍死在墙上。
Wang Ye saw that it was almost over, and with a flip of his palm, he slapped all these mosquitoes to death on the wall.
噼里啪啦，墙上粘了一堆黑色的小点，有的还带着一点血。
There was a crackling, and there were a bunch of small black dots stuck to the wall, some with a little blood.
过瘾，但也好恶心。 It's enjoyable, but it's also disgusting.
王叶自己无所觉，他还特别高兴，因为他发现杀死蚊子一样可以得到因果之力，这因果之力虽然只有一点点，但蚊子腿也是肉，蚊子的因果也是因果，积少成多，几十份因果之力加起来也不少了。当即就又来了一次。
Wang Ye didn't realize it, and he was very happy, because he found that killing mosquitoes can also get the power of cause and effect, although the power of cause and effect is only a little bit, but the mosquito's legs are also meat, and the cause and effect of mosquitoes is also cause and effect. Immediately it came again.
啪啪啪，墙上那一小片糊满了蚊子尸体。 Bang bang, the small patch on the wall is covered with mosquito corpses.
【玩家隔壁小王主动消灭零级害虫蚊子129只，奖励经验值129点。】
[The player next door Xiao Wang took the initiative to eliminate 129 zero-level pest mosquitoes, and rewarded 129 experience points. 】
这也能得到奖励？王叶大喜。 Is this rewarding too? Wang Ye was overjoyed.
他发誓以后再有蚊子叮他，他就不驱赶了，等蚊子吸了他的血，他再打死它，不但能收获经验值，还能得到一份因果之力，赚呆了。
He swore that if a mosquito bites him in the future, he will not drive it away, and when the mosquito sucks his blood, he will kill it again, not only to gain experience points, but also to get a causal power, and to earn stupidity.
王沐嘴巴闭上，狠狠掐了自己一把。嘶，好痛！ Wang Mu closed his mouth and pinched himself fiercely. Hiss, it hurts!
王沐看着瘦瘦小小的侄子，忽然就哭了。 Wang Mu looked at his skinny little nephew and suddenly cried.
“姑姑，你怎么哭了？”王叶最不喜欢有人跟他哭，但他姑姑是例外。
王沐抽鼻子：“小叶子，你老实告诉我，你是不是已经被你那畜生爸打死了，现在你变成了鬼，想要报仇才回来？”
否则普通人哪有这样诡异的能力？
王叶：“……姑姑，你想象力比我还丰富。不是，我还活得好好的，你摸，都是热的。”
王沐把王叶全身都摸了一遍，喃喃道：“是热的，不是冷的。”
王叶压低声音道：“姑姑，相信我，您知道我不是那么容易上当受骗的小孩，我师父对我很好。”
王沐扭着手指半天没说话。
王叶察觉不对，连忙抓住她的手道：“姑姑，我没骗你，你也没有在做梦，这不是幻觉，这一切都是真实的。虽然我自己也不敢相信，但这真的是真的！”
王沐嘴唇颤动：“……去洗手！”
王叶哈哈一笑，立刻跑去洗手。
王沐跟着去了，洗手的同时也盯着侄子，就怕他又不见了。
“姑姑，你希望我好吗？”
王沐当然希望王叶好。
“姑姑，我时间不多，因为我身体还没好，我师父其实不想我现在就回来，我跟他说我走的时候没跟你打招呼，你会担心，这才争取到一点时间回来跟您交代。您听好了，我之后会离开比较长一段时间，中间我会抽空回来看您。”
“麻烦您帮我办理出院，另外再跟学校请个长假。”
“至于丢下的衣裤还有石膏完整脱落的事，你就说是有人跟你恶作剧。医生护士一般不会多问，如果问，你就一脸为难地说是家里不安生，让他们自己去脑补。”
王沐傻傻点头。小侄子突然变得好聪明。不是，侄子本来就很聪明，他只是变得成熟了？
王叶一顿，又道：“那个老畜生暂时还需要住院一段时间，他的事你不用多管，我对他已有安排。以后我们的生活你也不用担心，我会让你过上好日子的。”
这样说话的小侄子再次让王沐感到了陌生，也感到有点心惊。她以前就觉得这个侄子在酝酿某些可怕的事情，否则以这孩子的聪慧，恐怕早就逃出家门，且一定有本事让老王找不到。
只是她以为王叶还小，只是有一些可怕想法，不觉得他真会实施，可现在这个侄子看着好像心理和心性都成熟许多，说话口吻一点都不像是才八岁的孩子，倒像是成年人。
老王他脑溢血不会是……不可能，小叶子还那么小，他能懂什么？
“你多久能回来一次？”王沐把一些荒唐的想法摇出脑子，只当侄子说话和想法比较早熟。
"How often can you come back?" Wang Mu shook some ridiculous ideas out of his head, only as a nephew who spoke and thought precociously.
王叶估摸着说道：“如果没什么特别事情耽搁，最近我大概过三五天就能回来一趟。”
Wang Ye estimated and said, "If there is nothing special to delay, I will be able to come back in about three or five days recently." ”
王沐一听不是她想象中的三五年，松了一口气：“那就好。如果你说的是真的，能跟……你师父学习也是好事，但你确定他真的不是骗子？不是发现你有无痛症，想要研究你？”
Wang Mu was relieved when she heard that it was not the three or five years she imagined: "That's good." If what you say is true, can you talk to ...... It's also good for your master to study, but are you sure he's really not a liar? Didn't you find out that you have pain-free and want to study you? ”
王叶摇头：“不是。而且我也不是无痛症，我只是疼痛感知比常人低。总之你不用担心。”
Wang Ye shook his head: "No." And I'm not painless, I just have a lower pain perception than normal people. In short, you don't have to worry. ”
王沐怎么可能不担心，但她不想说出来让侄子困扰，只能自己咽下。
How could Wang Mu not be worried, but she didn't want to say it and bother her nephew, so she could only swallow it herself.
“学校你还去吗？暂时不去？好，我可以帮你请假。但考试还是要去，什么都能丢，学习不能丢。”
"Are you still going to school? Not going for a while? Okay, I can help you take a leave of absence. But you still have to go to the exam, you can lose everything, you can't lose your studies. ”
“我会好好学习的。”他上辈子就没怎么去学校，老王死后，他被送去一家管制比较严格的儿童福利院，但那带有管教性质的集体生活显然不适合他这样的刺头，他溜出孤儿院，很早就开始混社会。
"I'll study hard." He hadn't been to school much in his previous life, and after Wang's death, he was sent to a more strictly controlled children's welfare home, but the disciplined group life was obviously not suitable for a thorn like him, and he slipped out of the orphanage and began to mix with society very early.
可能就因为他没好好上学，后来进入游戏发现可以学到很多知识，他才会那么拼命学习。
这辈子，他小学不可能再读，顶多去考个试。中学……再看吧，他自学的知识应该能应付初中高中的考试吧？如果不能，反正他现在的精神力几乎可以让他做到过目不忘的程度，大不了他就再学一遍。
In this life, it is impossible for him to go back to elementary school, at most he will take a test. Secondary school...... Let's look at it again, his self-taught knowledge should be able to cope with the exams of junior high school and high school, right? If he can't, anyway, his current mental power can almost make him unforgettable, and he will learn it again if it's a big deal.
“你那个畜生爸不用你烦，我来照顾他。等过两天他情况稳定了，我就给他办出院，理由都是现成的，咱家没钱。”说到后面几个字，王沐明显有点咬牙切齿。
"You don't need to bother with that brute dad, I'll take care of him. After two days, when his condition stabilized, I will discharge him from the hospital, the reasons are all ready-made, and our family has no money. Speaking of the last few words, Wang Mu obviously gritted his teeth a little.
　
第15章 购房尾款 Chapter 15 Balance Payment for Purchase
王沐和老王虽然是亲兄妹，但感情并不好。
当年王沐的前夫就是老王介绍的，同样人渣一个，王沐不知道，更不知道老王跟她前夫要了很高的彩礼钱，代价就是帮着她前夫隐瞒他的婚姻史和真实工作情况。
Wang Mu's ex-husband was introduced by Lao Wang, and he was also a scumbag, Wang Mu didn't know, let alone that Lao Wang asked her ex-husband for a very high bride price, and the price was to help her ex-husband hide his marriage history and real work situation.
婚后，王沐发现丈夫人不对劲后就暗中做了一些调查，发现自己被骗就要离婚。
After getting married, after Wang Mu found out that her husband was wrong, she secretly did some investigations, and found out that she had been deceived and wanted to divorce.
但她前夫拿出老王用她名义写的欠条，说想离婚可以，必须先给他们家生个儿子，否则就还钱。
But her ex-husband took out an IOU written by Lao Wang in her name, saying that if she wants to divorce, she must give birth to a son to their family first, otherwise she will pay back.
之后她前夫就跟她撕破了脸，不但不给家用，还抢她的工资用，不给就打，还逼着她要求同房。
After that, her ex-husband tore her face, not only did not give it to the family, but also robbed her of her salary, beat her if she didn't give it, and forced her to ask for sex with her.
王沐的性格根本不是能忍的，一怒之下，拿剪刀捅了前夫。
Wang Mu's personality is not bearable at all, and in a fit of anger, he stabbed his ex-husband with scissors.
老王知道亲妹妹受了欺负，不但不帮着撑腰，竟然还反过来责骂王沐，说她犯贱，好好的日子不过，还敢伤人。
Lao Wang knew that his sister was being bullied, not only did he not help support her, but she even scolded Wang Mu in turn, saying that she was cheap, and she dared to hurt people if she had a good life.
王沐被刺激，在警察面前就要撕了老王，那疯狂的模样被警方怀疑她精神有问题，后来经过司法精神专业鉴定，被确诊为激发型躁狂症。
Wang Mu was stimulated and was about to tear Lao Wang in front of the police, and her crazy appearance was suspected by the police of having mental problems, and later after a judicial psychiatric professional appraisal, she was diagnosed with provocative mania.
王沐和前夫离婚，因其前夫几乎相当于被阉割，一只眼睛还瞎了，算是重度伤残，王沐被关进精神病院。
Wang Mu and her ex-husband divorced, because her ex-husband was almost castrated, and one eye was blind, which was considered a severe disability, and Wang Mu was imprisoned in a mental hospital.
但她只要不受强烈刺激就没事，原本她根本不需要在精神病院待五年之久，但老王作为监护人不肯签字同意让王沐回家，后来还是王沐答应把自己的房子赠送给老王，老王收到好处才同意让王沐出院。
But as long as she is not strongly stimulated, she is fine, originally she did not need to stay in a mental hospital for five years, but Lao Wang, as a guardian, refused to sign and agree to let Wang Mu go home, and later Wang Mu agreed to give his house to Lao Wang, and Lao Wang agreed to let Wang Mu be discharged from the hospital after receiving benefits.
王沐被关进精神病院时，王叶刚两岁出头。 When Wang Mu was imprisoned in a psychiatric hospital, Wang Ye was just over two years old.
王沐被关的五年中最不放心的就是这个侄子，出院后第一件事就是来看王叶。当她发现王叶要比一般七岁的孩子看起来瘦小得多，连学也没上，她就知道她那个亲哥没干好事！
The most uneasy thing about Wang Mu in the five years that he was imprisoned was this nephew, and the first thing he did after he was discharged from the hospital was to come to see Wang Ye. When she found out that Wang Ye looked much thinner than the average seven-year-old child, and she didn't even go to school, she knew that her brother hadn't done anything good!
她跟王叶聊了聊，王叶没说很多，但王沐自己有眼睛看，她不知道老王虐待王叶的详细，但她只要知道一点，老王绝没有好好待这个孩子。
She chatted with Wang Ye, Wang Ye didn't say much, but Wang Mu had her own eyes to see, she didn't know the details of Lao Wang's abuse of Wang Ye, but she only needed to know a little, Lao Wang never treated this child well.
王沐给侄子交了学费，送他去学校上课，她还想把王叶接去和自己住，但她的房子被老王卖掉，钱也被老王挥霍干净，她因为有精神病史也找不到什么好工作，就做了环卫工，还是临时工。
Wang Mu paid the tuition for her nephew and sent him to school, she also wanted to take Wang Ye to live with herself, but her house was sold by Lao Wang, and the money was squandered by Lao Wang, she couldn't find any good jobs because she had a history of mental illness, so she became a sanitation worker, or a temporary worker.
那点工资扣除租房子的钱，剩下的只能勉强够她一个人吃喝。
After deducting the money from renting a house, the rest was barely enough for her to eat and drink alone.
最主要是的老王不肯放走王叶，他就是不想让王叶过上好日子。王叶如果住到她那里，他就天天去闹，让合租的人意见很大，老王还跑她单位找麻烦，差点让她被辞退。
The most important thing is that Lao Wang refuses to let Wang Ye go, he just doesn't want Wang Ye to live a good life. If Wang Ye lived with her, he would go to make trouble every day, so that the people who shared the house had a lot of opinions, and Lao Wang also went to her unit to find trouble, almost making her fired.
王叶懂事，在她那里住了几天就回去了。 Wang Ye was sensible, and he stayed with her for a few days and then went back.
王沐给老王气得要死，在发现老王经常克扣王叶的食物，不给他吃饭后，更是气得要杀人。
Wang Mu was so angry with Lao Wang that he wanted to die, and after finding out that Lao Wang often withheld Wang Ye's food and didn't give him food, he was even more angry and wanted to kill.
她发现王叶为了养活自己，小小年纪就在外面捡垃圾卖。
She found that in order to support herself, Wang Ye was picking up garbage and selling it outside at a young age.
王沐只能每天一大早到学校给王叶送早饭，晚上带着做好的饭菜去看他，还偷偷配了老王家的钥匙。
Wang Mu could only go to school early every morning to deliver breakfast to Wang Ye, and go to see him with the prepared meals in the evening, and secretly matched the key to the old Wang's house.
王沐也恨自己，恨自己为什么是精神病，如果她是正常人，就可以把王叶的监护权给要过来，而不是他们姑侄两个都要被老王“监护”，被他桎梏。
Wang Mu also hated herself, hated why she was mentally ill, if she was a normal person, she could ask for Wang Ye's guardianship, instead of their aunts and nephews having to be "guardianship" by Lao Wang and shackled by him.
哪怕她现在好了，只要老王还活着还能工作，法院就不会考虑让她来监护和抚养王叶。
Even if she is well now, as long as Lao Wang is still alive and can work, the court will not consider letting her take custody and raise Wang Ye.
王沐忍不住在心中暗中乞求老天爷，让老王躺在医院就别醒来了。
Wang Mu couldn't help but secretly begged God in his heart to let Lao Wang lie in the hospital and not wake up.
“钱还有一点的。”王叶忽然嘿嘿一笑，眼中却毫无笑意：“老王卖房子一共卖了八十八万，五十万他用来还赌债，还有三十八万的尾款，买房人还没支付，说好交接房子的时候才会付。等拿到这笔钱后，您就去租一套大点的房子。”
"There's still a little bit of money." Wang Ye suddenly smiled, but there was no smile in his eyes: "Lao Wang sold the house for a total of 880,000 yuan, 500,000 yuan he used to pay off gambling debts, and the final payment of 380,000 yuan, the buyer has not paid yet, and he said that he will pay it when he hands over the house." Once you have the money, you can rent a larger house. ”
“还有尾款没付？真的？太好了！”王沐一听还有三十八万的尾款能拿，当即就松了口气。
"Still have the balance not paid? It's true? That's great! When Wang Mu heard that there was still a balance of 380,000 yuan to take, he immediately breathed a sigh of relief.
她现在租的房子是合租房，十平方的小房间住她一个人就很狭窄，如果她想带上王叶和老王，必须另外租一套房子，那对她经济压力实在太大。
The house she is renting now is a shared house, and a small room of ten square meters is very narrow for her to live alone, if she wants to take Wang Ye and Lao Wang, she must rent another house, which is too much financial pressure on her.
王叶从自己床垫下面翻出一张欠条，交给王沐：“姑姑，这个你可要收好了。”
Wang Ye took out an IOU from under his mattress and handed it to Wang Mu: "Auntie, you have to put this away." ”
王沐接过欠条，看清上面内容后，很郑重地收了起来。这可是他们家最大一笔财产了。
Wang Mu took the IOU, and after seeing the contents clearly, he solemnly put it away. This is their family's biggest asset.
王沐收这个钱一点也不觉得亏心，她那套房子卖了可不止三十八万，更不要说老王还拿她本人卖了一笔钱。老王欠她和王叶的太多太多，死都无法弥补！
Wang Mu didn't feel sorry at all for receiving this money, her house was sold for more than 380,000 yuan, not to mention that Lao Wang also sold it for a sum of money from herself. Lao Wang owes her and Wang Ye too much, and death can't make up for it!
王叶看衣衫陈旧、双手粗糙、才三十六岁就已经有一丝老态的姑姑就因为这一张欠条就一脸中大奖的喜悦模样，心里忽然涌上一股强烈恨意，对那买房人的恨意。
Wang Ye saw that her aunt, who was old-fashioned, had rough hands, and was already a little old at the age of thirty-six, and because of this IOU, she looked like she had won the jackpot with a look of joy, and a strong hatred suddenly surged in her heart, hatred for the buyer.
那买房人也是13区的居民，那一家子都认识老王，也很清楚老王是什么样的人，买了老王的房子后，怕老王赖在屋子里不肯搬走，就留了一笔尾款没付，打了张欠条，说好老王从房子里搬走那天就把这笔尾款付清。
After buying Wang's house, he was afraid that Wang Lai would refuse to move out of the house, so he left a sum of money that was not paid, and made an IOU, saying that he would pay off the balance on the day Wang moved out of the house.
上辈子老王死前没交代——他就没跟他和他姑说过卖房的事。他又因为他姑自首和自己要去儿童福利院，也没怎么搜索老王的财产。
In his previous life, Lao Wang didn't confess before he died - he didn't tell him and his aunt about selling the house. He also didn't search Lao Wang's property much because his aunt turned himself in and he was going to a children's welfare home.
主要是他留意过老王的财产，知道他是月月光，基本没什么存款。
The main reason is that he has paid attention to Lao Wang's property and knows that he is Yueyueguang and basically has no savings.
他那时哪里知道老王随身携带一张三十八万的欠条。 How did he know that Lao Wang was carrying an IOU of 380,000 yuan with him.
那欠条被老王放在烟盒里，就放在床头柜上，谁也没注意到。王叶都想不起来那烟盒后来是被他扔了，还是被谁顺手摸走。
The IOU was put in the cigarette case by Lao Wang, and it was placed on the bedside table, and no one noticed. Wang Ye couldn't remember whether the cigarette case was thrown away by him later, or if someone touched it easily.
那买房人是个心脏的，见他和他姑都不知道有尾款的事，竟就不提了，不到一个月就拿着新办下来的房产证，逼他赶紧去孤儿院。
The buyer was a man of heart, and when he saw that he and his aunt didn't know about the final payment, he didn't mention it, and in less than a month, he took the newly issued real estate certificate and forced him to go to the orphanage quickly.
王叶直到十六岁回到小区附近，在麻将档听到有人说那买房人坏话，才知道尾款的事。
Wang Ye didn't know about the final payment until he returned to the neighborhood at the age of sixteen and heard someone say bad things about the buyer in the mahjong stall.
老王没跟王叶和王沐说过卖房的事，但他在外面喝酒时和别人抱怨了，还说那买房人心太黑，知道他急着要钱，就把房款压得很低，还要分两次付给他。
Lao Wang didn't tell Wang Ye and Wang Mu about selling the house, but he complained to others when he was drinking outside, and said that the buyer's heart was too dark, and he knew that he was in a hurry to ask for money, so he pressed the house very low and paid him in two installments.
王叶暗中调查后发现确有尾款没付的事，他就去那家闹了，还带了几个兄弟一起，天天去堵那家人的门，骚扰他们家的大大小小。
After Wang Ye secretly investigated, he found that there was indeed a matter of unpaid payment, so he went to that house to make trouble, and brought a few brothers with him to block the door of that family every day, harassing the size of their family.
对方报警也没用，王叶几人什么也没做，没打人也没伤人，就是跟他们家要债。
It was useless for the other party to call the police, Wang Ye and the others didn't do anything, they didn't beat anyone or hurt anyone, they just asked their family for debts.
那家人没想到时隔八年，尾款的事还会暴露出来。 The family didn't expect that after eight years, the matter of the final payment would be exposed.
当初他们家大儿子要结婚，急着要买房子，正好听到老王欠了赌债不得不低价卖房子还债的事，他们也是贪图那份便宜，就找到老王说要买他的房子，但他们怕老王卖了房子会赖在房子里不走，就说好先付他五十万，等房子过户了，老王从房子里搬出来那天，他们才会付剩下的三十八万。
At the beginning, their eldest son was going to get married and was anxious to buy a house, and they happened to hear that Lao Wang owed gambling debts and had to sell the house at a low price to pay off the debt, and they were also greedy for that cheapness, so they found Lao Wang and said that they wanted to buy his house, but they were afraid that Lao Wang would stay in the house after selling the house, so they said that they would pay him 500,000 yuan first, and when the house was transferred, they would pay the remaining 380,000 yuan on the day Lao Wang moved out of the house.
为此，他们家还特意打了一张欠条。 For this reason, their family also made a special IOU.
老万急着还赌债，又自信那家人不敢赖他的尾款，就同意了。
Lao Wan was anxious to repay his gambling debts, and he was confident that the family would not dare to rely on his final payment, so he agreed.
谁想，房子过户手续刚办完，老王竟然死了。 Who would have thought that just after the house transfer procedures were completed, Lao Wang would die.
那家人简直庆幸无比，心想幸好在老王死前把过户手续都办完，否则这房子还得先让王叶继承，然后再跟他扯皮，那麻烦就大了。
The family was extremely happy, thinking that it was fortunate that the transfer procedures were completed before Lao Wang's death, otherwise the house would have to be inherited by Wang Ye first, and then he would be in big trouble.
至于三十八万尾款，他们见王叶像是不知情，一开始他们还等着王叶来要，后来看他不来，他们就当没这事了。谁不想省钱呢，反正他们觉得自己没错，不是他们不给，是王叶没来要。
As for the final payment of 380,000 yuan, they didn't seem to know when they saw Wang Ye, at first they were waiting for Wang Ye to ask for it, but later they saw that he didn't come, so they didn't think it was there. Who doesn't want to save money, anyway, they feel that they are right, it's not that they don't give it, it's that Wang Ye didn't come to ask for it.
但王叶如今来要这笔钱了，偏又拿不出欠条，这家人又舍不得了，狡辩说房款当时全额都给了老王，根本就没有尾款的事。
But Wang Ye came to ask for the money now, but he couldn't get the IOU, and the family was reluctant, and quibbled that the full amount of the house payment was given to Lao Wang at that time, and there was no final payment at all.
王叶则说他那时太小，又被送进儿童福利院，就忘了提。欠条也因为混乱找不到了。
Wang Ye said that he was too young at that time and was sent to a children's welfare home, so he forgot to mention it. The IOU was also lost because of the confusion.
那家人非要让他拿出欠条，又让他去法院告。 The family insisted that he produce the IOU and let him go to court to sue.
王叶拿不出欠条，要怎么告这家人？找证人？老王喝酒时说的话被人听到怎么可能被当做证言？
Wang Ye can't get an IOU, how can he sue the family? Looking for witnesses? How can what Lao Wang said when he was drinking be heard as testimony?
但王叶那时光脚不怕穿鞋的，那家人不肯付这笔钱，他就成天带人去闹腾，晚上去砸门，早上去堵门，那家人无论是上班还是上学都受到了严重影响，更在小区里每天被人指指戳戳。
But Wang Ye was not afraid of wearing shoes at that time, and the family refused to pay the money, so he took people to make trouble all day long, smashed the door at night, and blocked the door in the morning.
那家人看王叶不肯放弃，再看王叶经常阴森森地盯着他们一家玩打火机，都害怕了。
The family was scared when they saw that Wang Ye refused to give up, and then saw that Wang Ye often stared gloomily at their family playing with lighters.
那家人想过卖房搬家，但王叶成天盯着他们一家，那家人想逃都逃不掉，这家人从头疼变成了恐惧。
The family thought about selling the house and moving, but Wang Ye stared at their family all day long, and the family couldn't escape if they wanted to, and the family turned from a headache to fear.
13区那一片住户都知道王叶在八岁的时候就亲手捅死了他父亲，是他那个精神病姑姑给他顶罪，他才只是被送去儿童福利院。
The residents of District 13 all knew that Wang Ye had stabbed his father to death when he was eight years old, and it was his mentally ill aunt who confessed to him, so he was only sent to a children's welfare home.
其实这事就是以讹传讹，当时王沐去自首，说老王是她杀的，但王叶也想保护姑姑，更怕失去姑姑，就说是他先捅了老王。
In fact, this incident was a false rumor, at that time, Wang Mu went to turn himself in, saying that Lao Wang was killed by her, but Wang Ye also wanted to protect his aunt, and he was even more afraid of losing his aunt, so he said that he stabbed Lao Wang first.
后来他被送入那家管教比较严格的儿童福利院也是出于这个原因。
It was also for this reason that he was later sent to a more strict children's institution.
这事不知被谁传了出来，13区很多人都说从小见大，王叶小小年纪就能对自己父亲动刀子，长大也不会是什么好东西。
I don't know who spread this matter, many people in District 13 said that they grew up, Wang Ye was able to use a knife on his father at a young age, and it would not be a good thing to grow up.
这时他们就忘了老王曾多次虐打王叶被报警的事。 At this time, they forgot that Lao Wang had beaten Wang Ye many times and was called to the police.
虽然也有些人同情王叶，说是老王虐待儿子太过，才导致王叶激愤出手。但有更多人认为父母打儿女就是天经地义，儿女反过来伤害父母那就是天打雷劈的恶人。
Although some people sympathize with Wang Ye, saying that Lao Wang abused his son too much, which caused Wang Ye to be angry. However, there are more people who think that it is natural for parents to beat their children, and that children who in turn hurt their parents are evildoers.
甚至有些人还能说出：老王也就是打打儿子，这不是没打死也没打残嘛，但那个野种可是拿刀捅死了老王。弑父啊，十恶不赦之罪，多可怕。
Some people can even say: Lao Wang is also beating his son, isn't it that he was not killed or disabled, but that wild seed stabbed Lao Wang to death with a knife. Father-killing, the heinous sin, how terrible.
王叶听到这种传言，只是冷笑。痛不在己身，还不是想说什么就说什么。
When Wang Ye heard this rumor, he just sneered. The pain is not in your body, and you don't just say what you want to say.
第16章 老王的下场 Chapter 16: The Fate of the Old King
不过这种传言对他也不是完全不利，至少他小小年纪跑出来混，比他大的人都怕他——这可是亲手捅死自己父亲的人，他连自己父亲都敢杀，还有什么人不敢杀？
But this kind of rumor is not completely unfavorable to him, at least he ran out at a young age, and people older than him are afraid of him - this is the person who stabbed his father to death with his own hands, he even dares to kill his own father, and who else does not dare to kill?
像买房那家人就害怕他出手伤人，更怕他遗传他姑姑的精神病，突然行凶。到时候王叶又是未成年又是精神病，说不定都不用被判几年。
For example, the family who bought the house was afraid that he would hurt people, and they were even more afraid that he would inherit his aunt's mental illness and suddenly commit murder. At that time, Wang Ye will be a minor and mentally ill, and maybe he won't have to be sentenced to a few years.
俗话说得好，玉不与瓦斗，那一家人大约考虑到他们这么一大家子实在没必要和这么一个心狠手辣的未成年混混死磕，到底决定花钱买安生。
As the saying goes, Jade doesn't fight with tiles, and the family decided to spend money on Ansheng after considering that there was really no need for such a big family to fight with such a ruthless underage gangster.
心亏的那家人几番计算后最后只能花钱消灾，除了原先的三十八万，又补了十五万利益给王叶——王叶硬要的。还让王叶写了个收条，写明当年尾款的事一笔勾销，如果有人再拿着欠条过来也不算数了。
After several calculations, the family with a loss of heart could only spend money to eliminate the disaster, in addition to the original 380,000, they made up 150,000 benefits to Wang Ye - Wang Ye insisted on it. also asked Wang Ye to write a receipt, stating that the balance of the year would be written off, and if someone came over with an IOU, it would not count.
其实那家人也没亏，八年后那套房子的时价约莫有一百六十万左右。当年他们就是低价买进，现在也只是补上当年的差价罢了。
In fact, the family did not lose money, and the current price of the house eight years later was about 1.6 million. Back then, they just bought at a low price, and now they are just making up the difference in the price of that year.
而这辈子那家人还没来得及做昧下尾款的恶心事，王叶既然知道有这么一笔救命钱，当然不可能放过，昨晚他收拾老王时，就从他口中逼问出了欠条的下落。
And in this life, the family hasn't had time to do the disgusting thing of the final payment, since Wang Ye knows that there is such a life-saving money, of course it is impossible to let it go, and when he cleaned up Lao Wang last night, he forced the whereabouts of the IOU from his mouth.
他这才知道那欠条就被老王放在烟盒里。 Only then did he know that the IOU had been put in the cigarette case by Lao Wang.
“姑姑，明天开始你就去找房子，找到了就把这边的东西搬过去，我下次回来跟你一起去找那家人要这笔钱。”希望那家人别再搞什么幺蛾子，否则，呵！
"Auntie, you will go to look for the house from tomorrow, and if you find it, you will move the things here, and I will come back with you next time to find the family and ask for this money." I hope that family doesn't do anything else, otherwise, heh!
“好，我等你回来。”王沐原本就要过来收拾东西。她为了就近照顾侄子，租的房子就在13区，距离这栋楼并不远，走路两三分钟就到。
"Okay, I'll wait for you to come back." Wang Mu was originally going to come over to pack his things. In order to take care of her nephew nearby, she rented a house in District 13, which is not far from this building, two or three minutes' walk.
王叶想了想，该交代的事好像都交代了，最后道：“姑姑，千万不要把我拜师学艺的事说出去，如果有人问你，你就说我害怕再被父亲虐待，就跑了。等我下次回来，你去一趟派出所，就说找到我了，期间有好心人帮忙收留我照顾我。”
Wang Ye thought about it, and it seemed that all the things that should be explained had been explained, and finally said: "Auntie, don't tell me about learning from my teacher, if someone asks you, you will say that I am afraid of being abused by my father again, so I will run away." When I come back next time, you go to the police station and say that you have found me, and there are kind people who help take me in and take care of me. ”
王沐点头，她虽然还是很震惊、很不能相信，但她已经相信侄子有了奇遇，为此她绝不会把侄子的秘密说出去，更不会让任何人把王叶抓走。
Wang Mu nodded, although she was still shocked and couldn't believe it, she already believed that her nephew had an adventure, so she would never tell her nephew's secret, let alone let anyone take Wang Ye away.
【恭喜，王沐女士已经接受玩家隔壁小王的解释，任务完成，奖励经验值50点。】
[Congratulations, Ms. Wang Mu has accepted the explanation of Xiao Wang next door to the player, the task is completed, and the experience value is rewarded with 50 points.] 】
王叶抹汗，终于搞定。 Wang Ye wiped his sweat and finally got it.
“姑姑，我要去我师父那里了，我会用一种很特殊的方法离开，我回来时也是这么回来的，这是我师门秘法。你要是怀疑自己在做梦，就看这个。”王叶让王沐拿出手机，给两人拍了一个视频。
"Auntie, I'm going to my master's place, I will leave in a very special way, and this is how I came back when I came back, this is my master's secret method. If you suspect you're dreaming, look at this. Wang Ye asked Wang Mu to take out his mobile phone and take a video of the two.
王叶对着视频说了一段话，揽着他姑姑，又对着镜头比了个傻乎乎的V，保存。
Wang Ye said something to the video, hugged his aunt, and made a stupid V to the camera, preservation.
王沐再次亲眼看到侄子在眼前突然消失，地上也再次落下他的小短裤和小背心。
Wang Mu once again saw his nephew suddenly disappear in front of his eyes, and his little shorts and small vest fell on the ground again.
虽然不可思议，但貌似她这个侄子真的学习了一些很特别的本领，脱衣服都好快……不对，这衣服没有染上医院的味，为什么也要脱下来？
Although it is incredible, it seems that her nephew has really learned some very special skills, and he takes off his clothes so quickly...... No, this dress doesn't smell like a hospital, so why take it off?
王沐再次掐了自己一把，打开手机看视频，视频在，她不是做梦。又看了看那一小片糊满蚊子尸体的墙壁……算了，这个就不多看了。
Wang Mu pinched herself again, turned on her phone to watch the video, the video was there, she was not dreaming. I looked at the small patch of wall covered with mosquito corpses...... Forget it, I won't look at this much.
虽然不确定她侄子说的师父是真是假，但她侄子有了奇遇应该是真的。
Although she is not sure if what her nephew said about the master is true or not, it should be true that her nephew had an adventure.
王沐当晚一直抓着手机不放，一个晚上把那个视频来回看了许多遍，直到困得撑不住睡着。
Wang Mu kept holding on to his mobile phone that night, and watched the video back and forth many times in one night, until he was so sleepy that he couldn't hold back and fell asleep.
就在这时，正在医院的老王意识清醒了过来，他想喊人，却发现他无论怎么喊都没有人理睬他。
At this moment, Lao Wang, who was in the hospital, came to his senses, and he wanted to call someone, but found that no matter how he shouted, no one paid attention to him.
他想动，更是一动不能动，他就好像被束缚在一个人形的壳子里，叫天天不应叫地地不灵。
He wanted to move, but he couldn't move, he seemed to be bound in a humanoid shell, so that the heavens should not be called the earth.
老王不断哀嚎，痛苦万分。他喝醉酒后并没有一觉睡到昏迷，在警察来之前，他曾被人弄醒了一次。
The old king kept wailing and was in great pain. He didn't sleep until he was drunk and had been woken up once before the police came.
他看到了他的儿子，听到了他对他说的话。 He saw his son and heard what he said to him.
那个野种跟他说：“你以后九成会变成植物人，而且是有自己意识的植物人，你能听到别人说话，你也能吃流食，但你只能躺着，一动都不能动，直到你真正死亡。有个世界的国家就是这么对待他们的犯人，认为这才是正确的坐牢方式。我也觉得这种方式特别适合你这种人渣。哦，你会变成这样也别怪其他人，要怪就怪你酒喝太多了，自己把自己身体糟蹋成这样。”
The wild seed said to him, "Ninety percent of you will become a vegetative person in the future, and you will be a vegetative person with your own consciousness, you can hear other people's speech, and you can eat liquid food, but you can only lie down and not move until you really die." There is a country in the world that treats their prisoners in this way, thinking that this is the right way to go to prison. I also think this method is especially suitable for scumbags like you. Oh, don't blame anyone else for becoming like this, blame you for drinking too much and ruining your body like this. ”
老王目眦欲裂，想要质问他到底是谁。八岁的王叶根本不可能说出这样的话，还是这么一副神情。但他忽然发现他动不了了，也无法说话。
The old king's eyes were split, and he wanted to question who he was. It is impossible for eight-year-old Wang Ye to say such a thing, and he still has such a look. But he suddenly found that he could not move or speak.
那个不知是从哪里来占了那野种身体的野鬼还拍了拍他的脸说：“你是不是还在想有一成可能你能醒来？如果你能醒来，啧，相信我，你以后的日子只会更惨。”
The wild ghost who came from nowhere and took the body of the wild seed patted him on the face and said, "Are you still thinking that there is a chance that you will wake up?" If you can wake up, tsk, trust me, you'll only get worse in the future. ”
老王害怕了，他想求饶，想求这个野鬼放过他。 The old king was afraid, he wanted to beg for mercy, and wanted to beg this wild ghost to let him go.
那个野鬼突然低头，对着他的耳朵低声道：“我就是你儿子，不是其他人的种。虽然我也希望你不是我亲生父亲，但我做过基因鉴定，结果很让我恶心，我们就是亲父子。”
The wild ghost suddenly lowered his head and whispered into his ear, "I am your son, not someone else's species." Although I also hope that you are not my biological father, I have done a genetic test, and the results are disgusting, we are biological father and son. ”
那野鬼看了看他的表情，怪笑：“看来你知道我是你亲儿子，但你还是……我明白了，你只是对外人给自己失败的人生找了个理由，因为老婆跑了，孩子不是自己的种，所以你荒唐一生，实际上你就是个只会窝里横的孬种，坑底的粪便，一头人渣。对你来说，父母也好，兄妹也好，老婆孩子也好，都没有你自己重要。”
The wild ghost looked at his expression and smiled strangely: "It seems that you know that I am your own son, but you are still ...... I understand, you just found a reason for outsiders to give yourself a failed life, because your wife ran away, and the children are not your own species, so you have a ridiculous life, in fact, you are just a bad seed who can only lay in the nest, feces at the bottom of the pit, and a scumbag. For you, whether it is your parents, brothers and sisters, or your wife and children, you are not as important as yourself. ”
“你人生前三十年吸你父母的血，让两老不到六十就活活累死气死。后十年你就吸你亲妹妹的血，拿她的婚姻赚钱，害得姑姑精神受刺激，被关精神病院，可你还能无耻到逼迫她转让房产，卖掉她的房子。”
"In the first thirty years of your life, you sucked the blood of your parents, and the two elders died of exhaustion before they were sixty. In the next ten years, you sucked your own sister's blood and used her marriage to make money, causing your aunt to be mentally stimulated and imprisoned in a mental hospital, but you were still shameless enough to force her to transfer her property and sell her house. ”
“现在呢，你又卖掉了自己的房子。再过几年，你是不是就打算卖掉我？我知道你一直都想把我卖掉，只是中介人嫌弃我身体太瘦弱，出的价格不高罢了。”
"Now, you've sold your house again. In a few years, are you going to sell me? I know you've always wanted to sell me, but the agent dislikes me for being too thin and the price is not high. ”
“其实你要真早早把我卖了，说不定我还会感谢你。和你一起生活的这八年，如果不是我，换了别的孩子，恐怕早就给你折磨死了。还好我命硬，挺下来了，才有机会亲眼看到你死成一块烂肉。”
"Actually, if you really sold me early, maybe I'll thank you. In the eight years I have lived with you, if it weren't for me and other children, I'm afraid I would have tortured you to death a long time ago. Fortunately, I survived and had the opportunity to see you die as a piece of rotten flesh. ”
“你这种人，说你是人渣都是夸奖你，畜生的粪便都不耻与你为伍。你不是要我给你养老吗？放心，我一定给你养老，而且会尽量让你活得长一点，这辈子我会让你感受到自己一点点慢慢腐烂。”
"People like you, who say that you are a scumbag, praise you, and the feces of beasts are not ashamed to be with you. Don't you want me to provide for you? Don't worry, I will definitely provide for you, and I will try to let you live a little longer, and in this life I will make you feel yourself slowly decaying a little bit. ”
“生气？愤怒？为什么要这么生气呢？我可是你的种，我是什么样的人，会对你做什么样的事，你看看你自己不就知道了。你会落到这种下场，不用感谢我，感谢你自己吧。”
"Angry? Wrath? Why are you so angry? I'm your species, what kind of person I am, what kind of things I'll do to you, you just look at yourself. You're going to end up like this, don't thank me, thank yourself. ”
老王只想死。 Lao Wang just wanted to die.
但他死不掉，那可怕的野鬼竟然还知道他卖了房子还有尾款的事，他反复折磨他，就为了逼他说出协议和欠条在哪里。
But he couldn't die, and the terrible wild ghost even knew that he had sold the house and the final payment, and he tortured him repeatedly in order to force him to tell him where the agreement and the IOU were.
他从来不知道人不挨打也能这么痛苦，他忍了没半分钟就受不了了，对方问什么他都说了出来。
He never knew that people could be so miserable without being beaten, he couldn't stand it after enduring it for half a minute, and he said whatever the other party asked.
当他想大叫救命时，他就失去了意识。 When he tried to scream for help, he lost consciousness.
等他再次恢复意识，他已经身在医院病房，但他的眼睛再也无法睁开，身体也无法动弹，所有人都认为他变成了植物人。
By the time he regained consciousness, he was in the hospital room, but his eyes could no longer be opened, his body could not move, and everyone thought he was in a vegetative state.
而他的噩梦才刚刚开始…… And his nightmare has only just begun......
作者有话要说： The author has something to say:
雷木：掉坑里了？ Raimu: Fell into the pit?
王叶：回来了~我是讲文明的人，先挖了个坑，完事又埋上。
Wang Ye: I'm back~ I'm a civilized person, I dug a pit first, and then buried it when I was done.
第17章 夜探者 Chapter 17: The Night Seeker
说来话长，但王叶回去地球一趟再回来，实际上只用了一刻钟不到。
It's a long story, but Wang Ye went back to Earth and came back, in fact, it only took less than a quarter of an hour.
捡起掉在地上的木枝和细藤蔓，王叶忍不住再次戳游戏GM：“既然地球也是游戏地点之一，为什么我不能带两边的东西互传。”
Picking up the wooden branches and thin vines that fell on the ground, Wang Ye couldn't help but poke the game GM again: "Since the earth is also one of the game locations, why can't I bring things from both sides to pass each other." ”
【因为地球属于非常规新地图，且与常规地图之间相距十分遥远。常规地图与非常规地图之间的物品传送，根据物品蕴含能量值需要额外消耗一定经验值。故，默认每次非常规地图传送只传送玩家本人，如果玩家有需要，请在传送时说明，传送物品经验值另外计算。】
[Because the Earth is an unconventional new map, and it is very far from the regular map.] Teleporting items between regular and unconventional maps requires an additional amount of experience depending on the energy value of the item. Therefore, by default, each unconventional map teleportation only teleports the player himself, if the player needs it, please indicate when teleporting, and the experience points of the teleported items will be calculated separately. 】
王叶：“……有这事为什么不告诉我？” Wang Ye: "...... Why didn't you tell me about it? ”
【你没问。】 [You didn't ask. 】
王叶按住胸口，沉痛地道：“……是我的错，谁让我不问呢！”奶奶个熊，他想打人。
Wang Ye pressed his chest and said bitterly: "...... It's my fault, who told me not to ask! "Grandma is a bear, he wants to hit someone.
虽然知道了可以两边带东西这个便利，但王叶也不可能现在再跑回地球一趟。毕竟来回都要经验值，而他的经验值并不多，他还指望多积累一点经验值赶紧升级呢。
Although he knew the convenience of being able to carry things on both sides, it was impossible for Wang Ye to run back to Earth now. After all, he needs experience points back and forth, and he doesn't have many experience points, and he still expects to accumulate a little more experience points to level up quickly.
不升级他怎么使用因果之力除四个基础技能以外的其他技能？
If he doesn't level up, how can he use the power of cause and effect other than the four basic skills?
躺在石洞里的雷木听到熟悉的脚步声和呼吸声，打趣地问：“我还以为你被海鹰叼走了。”
Lying in the stone cave, Lei Mu heard the familiar sound of footsteps and breathing, and asked jokingly, "I thought you were taken away by a sea eagle." ”
雷木听力不比他的眼力差，他听到王叶走到洞口附近忽然就没了半点声音，也没有呼吸声，就像整个人突然消失了。一开始他以为是有人打昏了王叶，但他没有感觉到第二个生物存在。
Lei Mu's hearing was no worse than his eyesight, and when he heard Wang Ye walking near the entrance of the cave, there was suddenly no sound at all, and there was no sound of breathing, as if the whole person had suddenly disappeared. At first, he thought that someone had knocked Wang Ye unconscious, but he didn't feel the existence of a second creature.
他不顾筋脉损伤，逼迫能量运至眼睛，在黑暗中微微发光的眼睛透过石洞看到了外面。
Ignoring the damage to his veins, he forced the energy to reach his eyes, and his eyes, which glowed faintly in the dark, looked out through the stone cave.
他看不到完全景象，但他能看到能量，外面没有任何人形的能量体。
He couldn't see the whole picture, but he could see the energy, there wasn't any humanoid energy body on the outside.
他很想爬起来出去看看，但又怕撞破什么。人小孩特意避开他跑出去，肯定是不想他知道某些事情，他要是走出去不小心撞到对方怎么办？
He wanted to get up and go out to see, but he was afraid of breaking something. The child deliberately avoided him and ran out, he must not want him to know something, what if he went out and accidentally bumped into the other party?
过了十来分钟，人才再次出现。 After about ten minutes, the talent reappeared.
雷木这才放松下来，但他只是打趣，半点没有探寻对方秘密的心思。
Reimu relaxed at this time, but he was just joking, and he didn't have the slightest intention of exploring the other party's secrets.
王叶还不知道自己的秘密已经暴露了一半，闻言在雷木身边躺下，郁闷地道：“没遇到海鹰，遇到一个傻叉。”
Wang Ye didn't know that half of his secret had been exposed, and when he heard this, he lay down beside Lei Mu and said depressedly: "I didn't meet the sea eagle, I met a stupid fork." ”
“傻叉？那是谁？” "Silly fork? Who's that? ”
“王叶。” "Wang Ye."
“哎？” "Huh?"
“那个傻叉叫王叶。” "That stupid fork is called Wang Ye."
石洞里顿时响起雷木笑出来的气音。 The stone cave suddenly resounded with the sound of Lei Mu's laughter.
“你要不要上厕所，我扶你起来？”王叶以前没照顾过人，这时才想起来雷木有生理需要。
"Do you want to go to the toilet and I'll help you up?" Wang Ye had never taken care of anyone before, and only then did he remember that Lei Mu had physiological needs.
雷木没有拒绝，在王叶的帮助下坐起身，慢慢站起，走到洞外，找了个隐蔽角落解决。
Lei Mu did not refuse, sat up with the help of Wang Ye, slowly stood up, walked outside the cave, and found a hidden corner to solve.
两人同时听到了一点砂石被踩踏的声音，声音很轻微。 At the same time, they heard the sound of a little gravel being trampled, and the sound was very slight.
踩踏砂石声只响了一声就停下。 The sound of stamping on the gravel stopped after only one sound.
一大一小都没回头，王叶还盯着雷木的大兄弟吹了声口哨。
One big and one small didn't look back, Wang Ye still stared at Lei Mu's eldest brother and whistled.
雷木按住他脑袋，笑骂：“人小鬼大，回去了。” Lei Mu pressed his head and scolded with a smile: "The person is a little ghost, go back." ”
王叶嫌弃：“你没洗手别摸我头。” Wang Ye disliked: "Don't touch my head if you haven't washed your hands." ”
“放心，用的是另一只手。” "Don't worry, it's with the other hand."
两人拌着嘴，慢慢又走回石洞里。 The two of them talked and slowly walked back into the cave.
雷木发现王叶左臂的木枝松掉，帮他又绑了回去。 Lei Mu found that the branch on Wang Ye's left arm was loose, and helped him tie it back again.
等两人躺下，过了大约有一刻钟，洞外才响起轻微的脚步声。
After about a quarter of an hour of lying down, there was a slight sound of footsteps outside the cave.
那脚步声逐渐靠近洞口。 The footsteps drew closer to the entrance of the cave.
“啪嚓。”碎贝壳被踩踏的声音在石洞里回响起来。 "Smack." The sound of broken shells being trampled echoed through the cavern.
对方显然也吓住了，没想到洞口会铺有那么多碎贝壳。 The other party was obviously frightened, he didn't expect that there would be so many broken shells at the entrance of the cave.
来人最终没有进洞，踩到贝壳的第一时间就退了回去，之后再也没有来过。
In the end, the visitor did not enter the hole, and retreated as soon as he stepped on the shell, and never came again.
王叶侧身，闷闷地对雷木道：“得装个门，我们恐怕要在这里住一段时间。”
Wang Ye turned sideways and said to Lei Mu sullenly: "We have to install a door, I'm afraid we will have to live here for a while." ”
“嗯。” "Hmm."
“洞里太潮湿了，得弄点石灰改善一下。最好还能开个窗，否则白天太暗。后面的水眼可以做成水池，外面再弄个厕所。我们也不能一直睡在地上，得弄张床，还有灶台、桌子、架子、锅碗瓢盆、衣服等等。”
"It's too damp in the hole, we need to get some lime to improve it. It's better to open a window, otherwise it's too dark during the day. The water hole in the back can be made into a pool, and a toilet can be made outside. We can't sleep on the floor all the time, we have to get a bed, a stove, a table, a shelf, pots and pans, clothes, and so on. ”
雷木失笑，这孩子是打算在这里安家吗？ Lei Mu smiled, is this kid planning to make a home here?
王叶没打算在这里安家，但他不想再跟上辈子一样，为了赚钱和提高实力那么拼命，平日生活都能说得上是虐待自己。
Wang Ye didn't plan to settle down here, but he didn't want to be like in his previous life, working so hard to make money and improve his strength, and his daily life could be said to be abusing himself.
这辈子，他要好好地过，首先就从改善衣食住行开始。 In this life, he wants to live a good life, first of all, starting from improving food, clothing, housing and transportation.
而且他已经明白这个游戏的部分秘密，自然不会再像普通玩家一样恨不得一个小时就升到满级，一分钟就从新手村离开。
And he already understands part of the secrets of this game, so naturally he will no longer want to reach the full level in an hour like ordinary players, and leave the novice village in a minute.
《极度危险》这个游戏虽然有很多不近人情的地方，但选定的新手村都有很多机缘，并不是随便把玩家丢到某个地方。
Although there are many unapproachable things about the game "Extreme Danger", there are many opportunities in the selected starter villages, and it is not just a place to throw the player somewhere.
前期升级慢，其实就是在给玩家打基础。 The slow upgrade in the early stage is actually laying the foundation for players.
而新手村是玩家最好打基础的地方。 And the Newbie Village is the best place for players to lay the foundation.
王叶上辈子吃过身体的亏，他幼时身体营养跟不上，又被虐待得太狠，后来看似慢慢长好了，其实身体内部亏损很厉害，后来他患上恶性脑肿瘤就跟他这个时期后脑勺受的伤有莫大关系。
Wang Ye suffered a physical loss in his previous life, his body nutrition could not keep up when he was young, and he was abused too harshly, and then it seemed that he was slowly getting better, but in fact, the internal loss of the body was very serious, and later he suffered a malignant brain tumor It has a lot to do with the injury to the back of his head during this period.
上辈子，后脑勺的伤他并没有怎么精心治疗，伤口长好了就没管，哪怕医生说脑内有一小块淤血，如果不能自行消散，最好还是取出来。
In his previous life, he didn't treat the wound on the back of his head very carefully, and he didn't care about the wound when it was healed, even if the doctor said that there was a small piece of blood in the brain, if it couldn't dissipate on its own, it was best to take it out.
但开颅手术有危险，他又没有感觉到脑袋有什么不适，就没管。谁想到那小小一块淤血最后竟然发展成大片的恶性肿瘤。
But the craniotomy was dangerous, and he didn't feel any discomfort in his head, so he didn't care. Who would have thought that a small piece of bruise would eventually develop into a large malignant tumor.
王叶那时忘了，他的脑袋不是没反应，只是因为他对疼痛度感知低微，别人感到很疼的头疼，他就跟没感觉一样。
Wang Ye forgot at that time that his head was not unresponsive, but because he had a low perception of pain, and the headache that others felt very painful, he was the same as if he didn't feel it.
等他感觉到了，他的脑肿瘤已经发展到了连最好的脑外科医生也不敢动手术的地步，只能用药物保守治疗。
By the time he felt it, his brain tumor had progressed to the point where even the best brain surgeons did not dare to operate on it, and could only be treated conservatively with drugs.
其实在现实中使用因果之力，他也能用【生生不息】针对性地慢慢治疗自己，但当时的情况已经不容许他慢慢治疗，而他也不想放过那些仇人，尤其他们联合游戏中的土著杀死了他师父和木头，又打起他现实中姑姑的主意，想绑架他姑姑来威胁他。
In fact, using the power of cause and effect in reality, he can also use [Endless Life] to slowly heal himself, but the situation at that time no longer allows him to treat slowly, and he doesn't want to let go of those enemies, especially when they join forces with the natives in the game to kill his master and wood, and he also started the idea of his aunt in reality, and wants to kidnap his aunt to threaten him.
他不想再让最后一个对他真心好的人为他受到折磨乃至付出生命，他满心仇恨，一心想把他那些敌人一起拖入地狱。
He didn't want the last person who was genuinely kind to him to be tortured or even pay for his life, and he was full of hatred and wanted to drag his enemies into hell with him.
他放弃治疗了。 He gave up treatment.
这辈子他能真身进入游戏，游戏世界中吸收的能量要比地球强十倍还多，而且游戏中还有那么多天材地宝，他的这点伤完全是小问题。
In this life, he can really enter the game, the energy absorbed in the game world is more than ten times stronger than the earth, and there are so many natural treasures in the game, his injury is completely minor.
有这么好的条件，他当然要养好这具身体，不但要养好，还要夯实再夯实，把身体培养得棒棒的。
With such good conditions, of course he has to raise this body well, not only to raise it well, but also to tamp and consolidate it, and cultivate his body to be great.
再说谁说新手村和其附近没好东西了？ Besides, who said there are no good things in the Newbie Village and its vicinity?
不说囚犯岛那东西，就是海草村就有不少值得他挖掘的。
Not to mention the Prisoner Island, even Seagrass Village has a lot worth excavating.
而海沟岛，只看中心那郁郁葱葱四季不败的山脉，就知道里面草药不会少。
And Trench Island, just look at the lush mountains in the center that are undefeated all year round, and you know that there will be no shortage of herbs in it.
他正好也在这里温习一下他的药学知识，以后见到师父，说不定能让师父对他“一见钟情”，反过来求着他当徒弟。
He happened to be here to review his knowledge of pharmacy, and when he met the master in the future, maybe the master would make him "fall in love at first sight", and in turn beg him to be an apprentice.
王叶想得美好，睡着时嘴角都是弯着的。 Wang Ye thought beautifully, and the corners of his mouth were curved when he fell asleep.
雷木看着钻进他怀里的小家伙，抬手轻轻摸了摸他的脑袋，闭上眼睛并不敢完全睡熟。
Remu looked at the little guy who got into his arms, raised his hand and gently touched his head, closed his eyes and didn't dare to fall asleep completely.
次日一大早，王叶醒来看着就比昨天精神。他把昨晚打蚊子的一百多份微薄因果之力大半用来疗伤，让他的身体又恢复了一些。
Early the next morning, Wang Ye woke up and looked more energetic than yesterday. He used most of the more than 100 meager causal powers of the mosquito fight last night to heal his injuries, allowing his body to recover a little.
可惜啊，他上辈子修因果之力的时候已经跟着他师父开始学习制药，游戏中的身体自带具有驱蚊效果的药香，几乎就没怎么被蚊子叮咬过，在地球也有蚊香和空调，以至于没发现这么一个好赚因果之力的方法。
It's a pity that when he cultivated the power of cause and effect in his previous life, he had already followed his master to learn medicine, and the body in the game had its own medicinal fragrance with mosquito repellent effect, and he was almost never bitten by mosquitoes, and there were mosquito coils and air conditioners on the earth, so he didn't find such a way to earn the power of cause and effect.
今天进林子肯定还有很多蚊子等着他，他保证乖乖被叮，不躲避。
There must be a lot of mosquitoes waiting for him in the forest today, and he promises to be bitten obediently and not to dodge.
洞里就算了，他可舍不得让雷木被蚊子吸血。 Forget it in the cave, he is reluctant to let Lei Mu be sucked by mosquitoes.
雷木看着乐颠颠的王叶不解，这小家伙怎么一早上起来就这么高兴？
Lei Mu looked at Wang Ye who was in turmoil and puzzled, why was this little guy so happy when he got up in the morning?
“哟，鞋印。”王叶在洞口蹲下。 "Yo, shoe prints." Wang Ye squatted down at the entrance of the cave.
同一时间，地球，王沐醒来怔愣半晌，都不敢确定昨晚是做梦还是真的见到了侄子，看到就放在手边的手机，连忙打开手机看视频。
At the same time, on Earth, Wang Mu woke up stunned for a long time, not sure if he was dreaming last night or really seeing his nephew, and when he saw the mobile phone he put at hand, he hurriedly opened the mobile phone to watch the video.
是她侄子，没错，昨晚王叶真的回来了！ It's her nephew, that's right, Wang Ye really came back last night!
王沐吸了吸鼻子，擦擦眼泪，把自己收拾干净就去医院找主治医生，给王叶办出院手续。
Wang Mu sniffed, wiped his tears, cleaned himself up and went to the hospital to find the attending doctor and go through the discharge procedures for Wang Ye.
医生还挺负责，询问王叶找到没有。 The doctor was quite responsible, and asked Wang Ye if he had found it.
王沐就装作为难的样子说是有人在故意恶作剧就是想刺激她，而她侄子已经找到了，现在在别的医院进行治疗。
Wang Mu pretended to be embarrassed and said that someone was deliberately playing a prank to stimulate her, and her nephew had been found and was now being treated in another hospital.
医生看王沐一脸愤怒又伤心的神情，果然自我脑补了很多，没再多问。
The doctor looked at Wang Mu with an angry and sad look on his face, and sure enough, he made up a lot of his brain and didn't ask more.
王沐虽然有精神病史，但她只要不犯病，平时都是正常的，出院时医生就给她开了痊愈证明，她目前属于完全民事行为能力人，在老王昏迷不醒且还不知道能不能醒过来的情况下，她给侄子王叶签出院同意书也是可以的。
Although Wang Mu has a history of mental illness, as long as she does not get sick, she is usually normal, and when she was discharged from the hospital, the doctor gave her a certificate of recovery, she is currently a person with full capacity for civil conduct, and in the case that Lao Wang is unconscious and does not know if she can wake up, it is also okay for her nephew Wang Ye to sign the discharge consent form.
王沐又去看了看老王，跟医生说了家里困难的事。 Wang Mu went to see Lao Wang again and told the doctor about the difficult things at home.
医生表示了解，也没说非要让老王住院，同意等老王病情稳定后就让其出院，让家人照顾。
The doctor said that he understood, and did not say that he had to let Lao Wang be hospitalized, and agreed to let him be discharged from the hospital after Lao Wang's condition stabilized and let his family take care of him.
老王：我活着！我意识清醒！医生看看我，我不要出院，他们要害我！救命！
Lao Wang: I'm alive! I'm conscious! The doctors look at me, I don't want to be discharged, they want to hurt me! Help me!
可惜没一个人听到他发自灵魂的喊声。 Unfortunately, no one heard his soul-like shout.
再说海沟岛崖顶石洞这边，王叶刚蹲下没一会儿，海蛋和一名十五六岁的少年一起过来了。
Besides, on the side of the clifftop stone cave on Trench Island, not long after Wang Ye just squatted down, Hai Dan came over with a fifteen or sixteen-year-old boy.
两人手里各自拎着一个手艺很烂的鱼篓。 The two of them each carried a very bad fish basket in their hands.
鱼篓里是海蛋和他二哥一大早去赶海捡来的海货，都很新鲜。
In the fish basket are sea eggs and the seafood that his second brother went to the sea early in the morning to pick up, all of which are very fresh.
海蛋还带来两个手工挖出来的木碗，一块凹陷薄底的石头，勉强能当石锅用。
Hai Dan also brought two hand-dug wooden bowls, a stone with a sunken thin bottom, barely enough to be used as a stone pot.
“这是我二哥海崖，我奶奶让他过来给你们帮忙。”海蛋介绍少年。
"This is my second brother Sea Cliff, my grandmother asked him to come over and help you." Sea Egg introduces the teenager.
少年扬扬手，看得出来是个不喜欢说话的性子。 The young man raised his hand, and it could be seen that he was a person who didn't like to talk.
“那这几天就麻烦你们了。”王叶也没跟他们客气。 "Then I'll trouble you for the next few days." Wang Ye was not polite to them.
“你在干什么？”海蛋凑到王叶边上。 "What are you doing?" The sea egg came to the edge of the king leaf.
王叶正在用牡蛎壳把黏在贝壳上和地上的黑泥刮下来。 Wang Ye is using oyster shells to scrape off the black mud that sticks to the shells and the ground.
刚刚游戏给他发布了两个新任务，一个让他查找黑泥来源，一个则是让他找到脚印的主人。完成分别给50点的经验值。
The game has just released two new quests for him, one for him to find the source of the black mud, and the other for him to find the owner of the footprints. Completions give 50 XP each.
海崖指向洞口旁边一个草鞋鞋印。 The sea cliff points to a straw shoe print next to the cave entrance.
海蛋瞅了半天才恍然大悟道：“昨晚有别人来过？谁？”
Hai Dan looked at it for a long time before he suddenly realized: "Did someone else come last night?" Who? ”
“不知道，没见到人。”王叶刮了点黑泥闻了闻，脸上露出了一点喜色。
"I don't know, I haven't seen anyone." Wang Ye scraped a little black mud and smelled it, showing a little joy on his face.
他原本只想通过观察鞋印来推测昨晚不速之客的大致身高和体重，没想到会发现意外之喜。
Originally, he only wanted to guess the approximate height and weight of last night's uninvited guests by looking at the shoe prints, but he didn't expect to find a surprise.
第18章 药性海泥 Chapter 18 Medicinal Sea Mud
新手村果然处处藏着惊喜，就看你有没有发现的眼睛。 The novice village is really full of surprises, it depends on whether you have the eye to find it.
当然，更需要丰富的知识。 Of course, a wealth of knowledge is required.
如果不是上辈子他师父给他打下的良好药学基础，有些知识更是让他反复记忆，他现在看到这黑泥也不一定能反应过来。
If it weren't for the good foundation of pharmacy laid by his master in his previous life, some knowledge would have made him memorize it repeatedly, and he might not be able to react when he sees this black mud now.
他闻过类似味道的黑泥，也见过。 He'd smelled black mud with a similar smell and had seen it.
他师父就曾用这种黑泥给雷木和他疗过伤。 His master had used this black mud to heal Lei Mu and him.
雷木的眼睛并不是万能的，这种黑泥也蕴含能量，但它蕴含的能量比较低微和温和，属于会被雷木忽视的那种。
Lei Mu's eyes are not omnipotent, this black mud also contains energy, but the energy it contains is relatively low and gentle, and it belongs to the kind that will be ignored by Lei Mu.
王叶原本抱着“人不犯我我不犯人，只要崖洞内的人不来找他麻烦，他就不会去那边崖洞”的想法，但在见到这些黑泥后，他的想法迅速改变。
Wang Ye originally held the idea that "if people don't offend me, I won't offend people, as long as the people in the cliff cave don't come to trouble him, he won't go to the cliff cave over there", but after seeing these black mud, his mind quickly changed.
“好啦，这泥巴有什么看的，快来吃早饭，饿死我了。”海蛋拎起鱼篓往洞内钻。
"Okay, what's there to see in this mud, come and have breakfast, I'm starving." The sea egg picked up the fish basket and drilled into the hole.
海崖和海蛋两兄弟一大早起来赶海，都还没吃早饭。 The two brothers, Haiya and Haidan, got up early in the morning to catch the sea, but they hadn't eaten breakfast yet.
王叶起身。 Wang Ye got up.
不爱说话的海崖忽然开口：“这黑泥是不是有什么特殊？”
Haiya, who doesn't like to talk, suddenly spoke: "Is there anything special about this black mud?" ”
王叶给了海崖一个赞赏的眼神，这少年可比他那个傻乎乎的弟弟聪明多了：“吃过早饭，我们去那边崖洞看看。”
Wang Ye gave Haiya an appreciative look, this young man was much smarter than his stupid younger brother: "After breakfast, let's go to the cliff cave over there to have a look." ”
石锅加热速度特别慢，一大早四个人吃的全是烤鱼，吃完烤鱼，那石锅里的水才开，正好喝了暖胃。
The heating speed of the stone pot is very slow, and the four people eat all the grilled fish in the morning, and after eating the grilled fish, the water in the stone pot is boiling, and it is just right to drink to warm the stomach.
吃完早饭，海蛋兴冲冲地就要和王叶一起走。 After breakfast, Hai Dan was about to leave with Wang Ye in a hurry.
海崖抓住弟弟的脖子，冷冷淡淡地道：“老实待着。” Haiya grabbed his younger brother's neck and said coldly, "Stay honest." ”
海蛋嗷嗷叫：“奶奶说了让我带小叶子去林子里采草药。”
Hai Dan screamed: "Grandma said that I should take Xiaoye to the forest to pick herbs." ”
海崖不容分说地道：“你留下，照顾雷大哥。” Haiya said indiscriminately: "You stay and take care of Brother Lei." ”
海蛋气得直跳，满脸渴望地看向王叶。 Hai Dan jumped angrily, looking at Wang Ye with a longing on his face.
王叶看天，他才不插手这种兄弟间的交流。 Wang Ye looked at the sky, so he didn't interfere in this kind of communication between brothers.
雷木看得好笑，对鼓起嘴巴的海蛋招手：“海蛋，过来，想不想听故事？”
Lei Mu looked amused, and beckoned to Hai Dan who puffed out his mouth: "Hai Dan, come here, do you want to hear the story?" ”
海蛋眼睛亮起来，立刻小狗一样跑到雷木身边蹲下：“想，雷大哥你给我说说外面是什么样的。”
Haidan's eyes lit up, and he immediately ran to Lei Mu like a puppy and squatted down: "Think, Brother Lei, tell me what it's like outside." ”
王叶不想雷木太疲累，叮嘱海蛋不准太烦雷木。 Wang Ye didn't want Lei Mu to be too tired, so he told Hai Dan not to be too annoying Lei Mu.
雷木直笑。这小孩真的有点小爸爸的架势，对他这个关照啊。
Raimu smiled. This kid really has a little daddy's posture, and he takes care of him.
海蛋推王叶屁股：“知道了，你快走吧。” Hai Dan pushed Wang Ye's buttocks: "Got it, you can go quickly." ”
王叶哼哼，小东西变心速度太快了，刚才还哭着喊着要跟他一起走，现在有故事听就把他甩了。
Wang Ye hummed, the little thing changed his mind too fast, and just now he was crying and shouting to go with him, but now he will dump him when he hears a story.
“我们走！”王叶拎上他的破木桶，桶里放着海蛋家送给他的木碗，提着一根磨尖的木棍就朝洞外走。
"Let's go!" Wang Ye carried his broken wooden barrel, which contained the wooden bowl given to him by the Hai Dan family, and walked out of the cave with a sharpened wooden stick.
海崖揉了他傻弟脑袋一把，跟上王叶。 Haiya rubbed his stupid brother's head and followed Wang Ye.
王叶往悬崖那里去了。 Wang Ye went to the cliff.
海崖看他顺着小路往下走就觉得不对劲，追上他：“你去哪儿？不去采草药吗？”
Seeing him walking down the path, Haiya felt that something was wrong, and caught up with him: "Where are you going?" Don't you go picking herbs? ”
王叶指向崖壁洞穴：“去那儿看看。” Wang Ye pointed to the cliff cave: "Go there and have a look." ”
海崖反应很快，立刻低头看地面：“鞋印往这边来？” Sea Cliff reacted quickly, and immediately looked down at the ground: "Shoe prints coming this way?" ”
王叶点头：“那边可能有人，你站在这儿，如果你听到我大声喊，就迅速回去叫村人过来。”
Wang Ye nodded: "There may be someone over there, you stand here, if you hear me shouting loudly, quickly go back and call the villagers over." ”
少年拉住他，面色严肃：“不要去。村人晚上不会到这里来，那人很可疑。”
The young man grabbed him with a serious face: "Don't go." The villagers don't come here at night, the man is very suspicious. ”
他们隔壁的岛可是囚犯岛，虽说隔着一条海沟，但也不能完全杜绝有囚犯逃到这里的可能。
The island next door to them is a prisoner's island, and although it is separated by a sea trench, it does not completely prevent the possibility of prisoners escaping here.
王叶：“我知道。我对里面的人不感兴趣，我对里面的黑泥感兴趣。”
Wang Ye: "I know. I'm not interested in the people inside, I'm interested in the black mud inside. ”
海崖仍旧拉住他不放。当地人不知道的外人，待在当地人不怎么来的崖壁洞穴，还藏头缩尾，怎么想都不太安全。
The sea cliff still held on to him. Outsiders who don't know to the locals are not very safe to stay in the cliffs and caves where the locals don't come much, and they still hide their heads and tails.
“我们回去，我去找村长，让村里多派一些人过来查探。”
"Let's go back, I'll go to the village chief and ask the village to send more people to investigate."
王叶看少年怎么都不肯放开他，只好解说道：“如果真有人，应该已经换地方了。”
Wang Ye saw that the young man refused to let go of him, so he had to explain: "If there is really someone, it should have changed places." ”
海崖脸上打出问号。 Sea Cliff put a question mark on his face.
王叶：“昨晚对方想进我们住的石洞探查，但踩到了我布置的小机关，那人并没有受伤，但还是离开了，连试探都没有试探，这说明对方是个很小心谨慎的人，甚至比较胆小。如果对方不想被别人发现，十有八九会换地方。”
Wang Ye: "Last night, the other party wanted to enter the stone cave where we lived to investigate, but stepped on the small mechanism I arranged, and the person was not injured, but he still left, and he didn't even try it, which shows that the other party is a very cautious person, and even more timid." If the other party doesn't want to be discovered by others, nine times out of ten they will change places. ”
海崖坚决不松手，“我奶奶让我看着你们，你一个人不能去，要去我和你一起去。”
Haiya resolutely did not let go, "My grandmother asked me to watch you, you can't go alone, you have to go, I will go with you." ”
王叶后悔了，他应该支持海蛋跟他一起过来，而不是带这个比较顽固的小子。
Wang Ye regretted it, he should have supported Hai Dan to come with him, instead of bringing this more stubborn kid.
王叶索性直白地道：“如果真遇到危险，我有办法避开。你跟着反而是累赘。”
Wang Ye simply said bluntly: "If I really encounter danger, I have a way to avoid it." It's a burden for you to follow. ”
海崖：“……”抬手比划了下两人的身高。 Sea Cliff: "......" raised his hand to compare the height of the two of them.
王叶昂起头：“身高不代表一切，而且我只是现在矮，我将来绝对能长得比你高。”
Wang Ye raised his head: "Height doesn't mean everything, and I'm just short now, I can definitely grow taller than you in the future." ”
他不是胡扯，他有证据。 He's not, he has proof.
海崖坚持要和王叶一起去探查，否则就回村喊人。 Haiya insisted on going to explore with Wang Ye, otherwise he would go back to the village and call people.
王叶无奈，扯起嗓子就对着崖洞喊：“里面有人吗？邻居来拜访，绝对没恶意，有人的话露个脸。不想露脸也请别动手，我们还有人在外面，如果你暗算我们，整个村子的人都会来找你！”
Wang Ye was helpless, and shouted at the cliff cave when he raised his throat: "Is there anyone inside?" When the neighbor came to visit, there was absolutely no malice, and someone showed his face if he said it. If you don't want to show your face, please don't do it, we still have people outside, and if you plot against us, the whole village will come looking for you! ”
海崖：“……” Sea Cliff: "......"
崖洞静寂无声，只有海浪拍打礁石的哗哗声不断响起。 The cave was silent, save for the constant sound of waves crashing against the reef.
王叶耸肩：“看样子很安全，那我们一起过去吧。” Wang Ye shrugged: "It looks safe, then let's go over together." ”
海崖无言以对，只能跟着王叶沿着崖壁陡峭又狭窄的小路进入崖壁洞穴。
The sea cliff was speechless, and could only follow Wang Ye along the steep and narrow path of the cliff wall into the cliff cave.
崖洞从洞口往里走两步，就很黑暗，而且里面全都是烂泥，一脚踩下去，脚踝都看不见了。
Two steps from the entrance of the cave, it was very dark, and it was full of mud, and if you stepped on it, you couldn't see your ankles.
越往里走，烂泥越多。 The further you go in, the more mud you get.
但奇妙的是，这个洞穴里面却不臭。 But the amazing thing is that this cave doesn't stink inside.
王叶低喃：“一模一样，这就是在我住的石洞口发现的黑泥。”
Wang Ye murmured: "It's exactly the same, this is the black mud found at the mouth of the stone cave where I live." ”
【恭喜，寻找黑泥来源任务完成，奖励经验值50点。】
[Congratulations, the quest to find the source of black mud has been completed, and the experience value will be rewarded with 50 points.] 】
“你说什么？”海崖没听清楚。 "What did you say?" Sea Cliff didn't hear clearly.
王叶：“没说什么。”他就是为了完成任务才说了那么一句话。
Wang Ye: "I didn't say anything. He just said that in order to complete the task.
海崖也没在意，指向洞壁道：“这是套洞。”那边有一个天然的拱形门，和另外一个洞穴相连。
Haiya didn't care, and pointed to the cave wall and said, "This is a set of holes." "There's a natural arched door over there, connected to another cave.
“这一排几个洞穴都连在一起。听老一辈说，这边以前海水很高，这些洞穴都淹没在海水里，很可能是某种海生物的巢穴。后来这边海水下降，这些洞穴才露出来。”
"This row of several caves are all connected. According to the older generation, the sea used to be very high, and these caves were submerged in the sea, and it was likely that they were the nests of some kind of sea creatures. It was only later that the water dropped and the caves were revealed. ”
海崖边说边把几个套洞都走了一遍，确定里面再没有其他人。不过他看到了一些人类生活的痕迹，对方走得很匆忙，地上有很多贝壳和鱼骨头都没收拾，还有烧火的痕迹。
Sea Cliff said as she went through several sets of holes, making sure that there was no one else inside. However, he saw some traces of human life, the other party walked in a hurry, there were many shells and fish bones on the ground that had not been cleaned up, and there were traces of fire.
王叶抓起一把黑乎乎的烂泥，他虽然有所猜测，但还是施展了鉴定术：“鉴定这种烂泥的性质和药效。”
Wang Ye grabbed a handful of black mud, although he had some guesses, he still performed the identification technique: "Identify the nature and medicinal effect of this mud." ”
百科全书展开，一段文字浮现：【药性海泥，天然形成，性温，原海豆芽栖息地，被称为海豆芽泥。天材地宝榜铁榜第九位。可治疗内外伤、骨折、风湿、关节炎、祛除疤痕、烧伤瘢痕、活血舒筋、调养筋脉、皮肤病、美容养颜……】
The encyclopedia unfolded, and a paragraph of text emerged: [Medicinal sea mud, naturally formed, warm, the original habitat of sea bean sprouts, known as sea bean sprout mud. Ninth on the Iron List of Heavenly Materials and Earth Treasures. It can treat internal and external injuries, fractures, rheumatism, arthritis, scars, burn scars, blood circulation and tendons, tendon conditioning, skin diseases, beauty and beauty ......]
王叶深吸气：发财了！ Wang Ye took a deep breath: Get rich!
药性海泥有许多种，但不是所有海泥都能排入天材地宝榜，哪怕只是铁榜第九位，那也很了不起。
There are many kinds of medicinal sea mud, but not all of them can be ranked on the list of heavenly and earthly treasures, even if it is only the ninth place on the iron list, it is also very remarkable.
游戏世界地大物博，可不是随便什么东西都能上天材地宝榜。
The game world is vast, but not just anything can be on the treasure list.
真没想到上辈子就没有在游戏中扬名过的海沟岛竟然接二连三出现好东西。
I really didn't expect that Trench Island, which had never been famous in the game in my previous life, would have good things appear one after another.
不过想想这个世界的某种特殊活性能量要比地球高出十倍还多，她能孕育出大量地球没有的宝物也很正常。而不管是聚水珠还是这海豆芽泥都不是那么容易被新手玩家发现的东西，那么上辈子被埋没也就没什么好奇怪的了。
However, considering that the special active energy of this world is more than ten times higher than that of the earth, it is normal for her to be able to give birth to a large number of treasures that the earth does not have. And whether it is the water beads or this sea bean sprouts puree, it is not so easy for novice players to discover, so it is not surprising that the previous life was buried.
果然比起上辈子的记忆，还是知识更重要。没有丰富且深厚的知识，好东西就在手边也能错过。
Sure enough, knowledge is more important than the memory of the previous life. Without a wealth of deep knowledge, good things are at hand and you can miss out.
王叶简直想对天狂啸，这运气来了，挡都挡不住。哈哈哈！
Wang Ye almost wanted to roar at the sky, this luck came, and he couldn't stop it. Hahaha!
“这烂泥是不是有什么用？”海崖也抓起一把烂泥。 "Is this mud of any use?" Sea Cliff also grabbed a handful of mud.
“可以当药用。”王叶原本就没准备隐瞒，这么多药泥，他在没有空间储物工具的情况下，想带也带不走，本来就是别人地盘上的东西，他藏着掖着也没意思。而且人土著也不是傻子，他用这些黑泥来疗伤治病，人家会看不见？
"It can be used as medicine." Wang Ye was not prepared to hide it, so many medicinal muds, he couldn't take them away if he wanted to without space storage tools, it was originally something on someone else's territory, and it was meaningless for him to hide it. And the people are not stupid, he uses these black mud to heal his wounds and diseases, and people will not see it?
另外，他还想求证一个事。 In addition, he wanted to verify one thing.
“好好保护这几个洞穴吧，这些烂泥都是宝贝，全都是天然形成的药性海泥，功效很多。这东西在外面想买都买不着，像这样药性十足的天然海泥，就我那个破木桶，一桶的价格都要至少三五十个金币。”
"Take good care of these caves, these mud are treasures, all of them are naturally formed medicinal sea mud, and they have many effects. I can't buy this thing outside, and the price of a barrel like this is at least thirty or fifty gold coins, just my broken wooden barrel. ”
“这还只是原料的价格，如果添加其他东西做成美容品和针对性较强的药物，那价格更是会翻几番，而且原材料只要这么一点点。”王叶用小手指的拇指肚比划了下。
"This is just the price of raw materials, if you add other things to make beauty products and more targeted drugs, the price will increase several times, and the raw materials are only a little bit." Wang Ye gestured with the thumb belly of his little finger.
海崖被震住了。 The sea cliffs were shaken.
王叶拍拍海崖的肩膀：“你们村的人把我和我哥从礁石上救下来，现在我把这药泥的功效告诉你们，我们扯平了。我还可以告诉你们这些药泥的详细用法，不过我建议你最好先告诉你爷爷奶奶，看他们怎么说。”
Wang Ye patted Haiya's shoulder: "The people of your village rescued me and my brother from the reef, and now I will tell you the effect of this medicinal mud, and we will settle it." I can also tell you more about how to use these purees, but I suggest you'd tell your grandparents first and see what they say. ”
海崖只会傻傻点头了。这些烂泥巴如果真的有小叶子说的功效，那他们家也无法把这事隐瞒下来，肯定要告诉全村人。但肯定不能就这么突兀地说出去，否则大家一窝蜂地跑来瓜分这些药泥，凭白糟蹋了好东西。
Sea Cliff would only nod stupidly. If these mud really have the effect that Xiao Yezi said, then their family can't hide this matter, and they must tell the whole village. But you can't just say it so abruptly, otherwise everyone will rush to divide up these medicinal muds and waste good things for nothing.
“行了，你去找你爷爷奶奶吧，把事情告诉他们。去吧去吧~”王叶挥手赶人，他下面要做的事可不适合让外人看。
"Alright, go to your grandparents and tell them about it. Go, go, go~" Wang Ye waved his hand to drive people away, what he was going to do next was not suitable for outsiders to see.
海崖这次不再坚持非要留下不可，他甚至恨不得马上插翅飞到他家人身边。
Sea Cliff no longer insisted on staying this time, and he even wanted to fly to his family immediately.
“你一个人留下没事？”海崖总算还记得自己是来干嘛的。
"Are you okay left alone?" Sea Cliff finally remembered what he was here for.
王叶：“没事，都跟你说了这里的人已经跑了。我就在这里等你们，快去快回。”
Wang Ye: "It's okay, I told you that the people here have run away." I'll be waiting for you here, go and get back quickly. ”
“好。”海崖飞也似地跑了。 "Okay." The sea cliff flew away.
第19章 升级 Chapter 19: Upgrades
王叶在海崖离开后，就去崖下弄了些藤壶牡蛎之类的海货，构建魔阵图提炼药性海泥中的精华。
After Wang Ye left the sea cliff, he went to the bottom of the cliff to get some barnacles and oysters and other seafood to build a magic array to refine the essence of the medicinal sea mud.
提炼一次成功，精华液悬浮在魔阵图上方。 Once the refining is successful, the essence is suspended above the magic array.
王叶用洗干净的木碗接住提取出来的精华液，因为海泥量足够，这次提取出来的精华液也多，足有一个鸡卵那么大。
Wang Ye used a cleaned wooden bowl to catch the extracted essence, because the amount of sea mud was enough, and the essence extracted this time was also large, the size of a chicken egg.
王叶把这精华液喝了三分之二，剩下的三分之一则抹在自己的后脑勺伤口和骨折处。
Wang Ye drank two-thirds of the essence, and the remaining third was smeared on the wounds and fractures on the back of his head.
药液一入身体，王叶就感到一股温暖的能量慢慢发散，把他整个人都包裹了起来。
As soon as the liquid medicine entered his body, Wang Ye felt a warm energy slowly emanate, enveloping his whole person.
这种感觉非常舒服，让人特别想要睡觉。 It's so comfortable that you want to sleep.
王叶暗道失策，他还是第一次提取药泥的精华，没想到药性这么强。
Wang Ye secretly made a mistake, it was the first time he extracted the essence of the medicinal mud, but he didn't expect the medicinal properties to be so strong.
上辈子他师父也弄到过两桶药泥，都给他和木头用了，不过不是能上天材地宝榜的海豆芽泥，就是普通药泥。
In his previous life, his master also got two buckets of medicinal mud, both of which were used for him and wood, but they were either sea bean sprout puree that could be on the treasure list of heaven and earth, or ordinary medicinal mud.
那药泥药性十分温和，温养筋脉很不错，他师父也没有提炼精华，而是直接把那药泥涂抹在他们身上，他当时涂了并没有什么特殊感觉，更不会想要睡觉。
The medicinal mud was very mild, and it was very good to warm the muscles and veins, and his master did not refine the essence, but directly applied the medicinal mud to them, and he didn't have any special feeling when he applied it, let alone want to sleep.
可这海豆芽泥，不过是一小团精华液，药效就这么强，不愧是能上天材地宝榜的好东西。
But this sea bean sprout paste is just a small ball of essence, and the medicinal effect is so strong, it is worthy of being a good thing that can be on the treasure list of heaven and earth.
王叶强打精神又提炼一次药泥精华，用木碗盛了，小心翼翼地回去崖顶石洞。
Wang Ye strengthened his spirit and refined the essence of the medicinal mud again, put it in a wooden bowl, and carefully went back to the clifftop stone cave.
海蛋看他这么快回来，还奇怪：“怎么这么快就回来了？我二哥呢？”
Seeing him come back so soon, Hai Dan wondered: "Why did he come back so soon?" What about my second brother? ”
“他有事。让让，药来了。”王叶端着木碗来到雷木身边，蹲下。
"He's in trouble. Let's make it, the medicine is coming. Wang Ye came to Lei Mu with a wooden bowl and squatted down.
“快喝了，赶紧的。”王叶把碗送到雷木嘴边。 "Drink it, hurry." Wang Ye brought the bowl to Lei Mu's mouth.
药？雷木看看碗里盛着的稀稠透明液体，闻闻似乎还有点淡淡的新鲜海水味。
Medicine? Lei Mu looked at the thin and transparent liquid in the bowl, and smelled it as if there was a faint smell of fresh seawater.
雷木半点没有怀疑王叶，抬手就把小半碗药液喝完。 Lei Mu didn't suspect Wang Ye at all, and raised his hand to finish the small half bowl of medicinal liquid.
药液一下肚，他立刻知道不同，当即惊奇地看向小孩。这又是从哪里弄来的好东西？
As soon as the liquid was in his stomach, he immediately knew the difference, and immediately looked at the child in surprise. Where did you get this good stuff from?
过了一会儿，雷木就开始打哈欠。 After a while, Remu began to yawn.
王叶也困，这药泥的精华液好归好，就是催眠效果太强。
Wang Ye is also sleepy, the essence of this medicinal mud is good, but the hypnotic effect is too strong.
不过他也知道这不是副作用，而是药液在修复身体，而睡眠对人类来说是最好的恢复方式。
However, he also knows that this is not a side effect, but the liquid medicine is repairing the body, and sleep is the best way for humans to recover.
“海蛋，帮我一个忙，去那边的崖壁洞穴里提一桶里面的黑色烂泥过来，快点。木桶我丢在里面了，就是右手边第一个洞穴。”
"Haidan, do me a favor, go to the cliff cave over there and bring a bucket of black mud in it, hurry up. I threw the barrel inside, the first cave on the right-hand side. ”
“哦，你要烂泥干什么？好吧好吧，我去提。” "Oh, what are you going to do with the mud? Okay, okay, I'll mention it. ”
海蛋跑去提药泥了，王叶把他在崖壁洞穴发现药泥的事告诉雷木。
Hai Dan ran to pick up the medicinal mud, and Wang Ye told Lei Mu about the medicinal mud he found in the cliff cave.
雷木惊讶地道：“你运气真好。” Lei Mu was surprised: "You are so lucky. ”
“不，是你旺我。你是我的福星，碰到你以后我运气就特别好。”王叶笑得狭长眼睛弯弯的。
"No, it's you who prosper me. You are my lucky star, and I have been very lucky when I meet you. Wang Ye smiled narrowly, his eyes crooked.
雷木以前只听过有人说他是扫把星，是克父克母克全家的天煞孤星，是魔种天生的魔星，总之都不是什么好星星，这还是第一次听到别人说他是福星。
Lei Mu had only heard someone say that he was a broom star before, a lone star of the whole family of Ke's father and mother, and a natural demon star of the demon seed, in short, it was not a good star, and this was the first time I heard others say that he was a lucky star.
“有了这药泥，你就能很快恢复。不过这药泥药性虽然温和，却也不能多用，每天只能用一次，连续用三天就差不多，再用基本上就没有什么效果。”
"With this potion, you'll be able to recover very quickly. However, although the medicinal properties of this medicinal mud are mild, it cannot be used more, it can only be used once a day, and it is almost the same for three consecutive days, and there is basically no effect if it is used again. ”
但用上三天他差不多也能恢复了。只要他身体恢复，他就能做更多事情，到时候治疗雷木的伤势对他来说不在话下。
But in three days, he was almost able to recover. As long as he recovers, he will be able to do more, and it will be no problem for him to treat Remu's injuries when the time comes.
王叶忽然抬头看向洞外，刚刚他收到了一份能量较多的因果之力。
Wang Ye suddenly looked up at the outside of the cave, just now he had received a causal power with more energy.
看来海崖已经把药泥的事告诉他家人和村中某些重要的人。
It seems that Sea Cliff has told his family and some important people in the village about the medicinal mud.
如此，海沟村人救他和雷木的因果一笔勾销。且因为他的回馈要更丰厚得多，现在不是他欠海沟村人，而是海沟村人欠他。
In this way, the cause and effect of the people of Trench Village saving him and Lei Mu were written off. And because his reward is much more generous, now it is not he who owes the people of Trench Village, but the people of Trench Village who owe him.
王叶嘴角翘起，他喜欢掌握主动。海沟村人欠他因果，他在海沟岛发现什么直接占为己有，也不会欠海沟村人了。
The corners of Wang Ye's mouth are upturned, he likes to take the initiative. The people of Trench Village owe him karma, and whatever he finds on Trench Island is directly his own, he will not owe it to the people of Trench Village.
【玩家隔壁小王主动向海沟村人告知药性海泥存在，为海沟村人解决了部分伤病困扰，并一定程度帮助海沟村脱贫致富，奖励经验值500点。】
[The player's next door, Xiao Wang, took the initiative to inform the people of Trench Village of the existence of medicinal sea mud, solved some of the injuries and illnesses for the people of Trench Village, and helped Trench Village get rid of poverty and become rich to a certain extent, rewarding 500 experience points. 】
【游戏运行以来，玩家隔壁小王是第二个对新手村做出重大贡献的玩家，特此奖励经验值500点。】
[Since the game has been running, Xiao Wang next door to the player is the second player to make a significant contribution to the novice village, and 500 experience points are hereby awarded.] 】
【玩家隔壁小王因帮助新手村成长，一次性获得1000点经验值奖励，达成白手掘金成就，请问玩家是否愿意向全游戏公开该成就？】
[Xiao Wang, the player next door, will receive a one-time reward of 1000 experience points for helping the novice village grow, and achieve the achievement of self-earned nuggets, is the player willing to disclose the achievement to the whole game?] 】
“不公开。” "Not public."
【好的。扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家隔壁小王经验值累积达到1387点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到一级。】
【Okay.】 After deducting the experience points that have been used, the experience points of the player next door to Xiao Wang will reach 1387 points, meet the upgrade conditions, and the game level will be upgraded to level 1. 】
“咔嚓”，王叶脑内响起了非常形象的开锁声。 "Click", Wang Ye sounded a very vivid sound of unlocking in his head.
他终于从零级升到了一级，他的因果之力技能树也又点亮了两个技能。
He had finally risen from level zero to level one, and his causal power skill tree had two more skills lit up.
其中一个就是他心心念念的轻功【塞翁失马焉知非福】。还有一个则是【纠缠不清】，以因果线为武器，能减慢敌人的速度或削弱对方。如果有因果武器，威力增加。
One of them is the light work that he has in mind [Saiong loses his horse and knows if he is blessed]. The other is [Entanglement], which uses the causal line as a weapon to slow down or weaken the enemy. If there is a causal weapon, the power increases.
王叶握了握拳，用力挥舞了一下。 Wang Ye clenched his fist and swung it vigorously.
想想上辈子他从零级升到一级花了多长时间，这次才多久？
Think about how long it took him to rise from level zero to level one in his previous life, and how long did it take this time?
没想到只是把药泥存在告诉海沟村人，详细用法还没教授，竟然就能在零级时被游戏奖励一千点经验值，这对于吝啬至极的游戏系统可是非常少见的事。
I didn't expect to just tell the people of Trench Village about the existence of the medicine mud, and the detailed usage has not been taught, but it can be rewarded with 1,000 experience points by the game at level zero, which is very rare for a game system that is extremely stingy.
这说明什么？ What does this mean?
说明他的某个推测是对的。这个游戏系统的创造者至少有部分目的是想让地球玩家来帮助双月星发展，而不是让地球玩家一味到这里淘宝和搞破坏，更不是只单单培养地球玩家。
Explain that one of his assumptions is correct. At least part of the purpose of the creators of this game system is to let Earth players help the development of Double Moon Star, not to let Earth players blindly come here to treasure and wreathe, let alone just cultivate Earth players.
可惜他不是第一个帮助新手村的，否则获得的经验值会更多。
他的原始精神力值也跟着增加了0.1点，而这才是游戏给予地球玩家最大的奖励。
但现在还没有哪个游戏玩家意识到这增长的精神力值有多重要，他们全都以为这只是游戏数据而已。
【恭喜，玩家隔壁小王主动向海沟村人告知药性海泥一事，世界声望值+100，海沟村人对玩家的好感度达到友好。】
[Congratulations, Xiao Wang next door to the player took the initiative to inform the people of Trench Village about the medicinal sea mud, the world reputation value is +100, and the favorability of the Trench Village people towards the player has reached a friendly level.] 】
这一条就是意外之喜了。 This one is a bonus.
声望值暂且不说，新手村对玩家的好感度真的非常重要，很多机缘都需要友好以上的好感度，但玩家们能在离开新手村之前就把好感度刷到友好的人极少。
Reputation points aside, the Novice Village is really important to the player's opinion, and many opportunities require friendship or more, but there are very few players who can brush their friendship before leaving the Novice Village.
王叶觉得如果他把药泥的具体使用方法传授给海沟村人，他大概能把海沟村人对他的好感度从友好跳过亲密，直接刷到尊敬。
Wang Ye felt that if he taught the specific use of medicinal mud to the people of Trench Village, he would probably be able to change the favorability of the people of Trench Village to him from friendship to intimacy and directly to respect.
雷木就看小家伙突然眉开眼笑，像是想到了什么特别高兴的事，又像是占了大便宜一样。
Lei Mu saw that the little guy suddenly smiled, as if he had thought of something particularly happy, and as if he had taken advantage of it.
雷木正要调侃小孩，海蛋提着一桶黑泥回来了。 Raimu was about to tease the child, when Hai Dan came back with a bucket of black mud.
“小叶子，烂泥巴来了，你要这个干什么？” "Little leaf, the mud is here, what do you want this for?"
“拿过来，再帮我一个忙。”王叶把固定骨折左臂的木枝和藤条取下来，接过海泥，均匀地抹在骨折处，又让海蛋把他的裹身布撕成条状，再让海蛋帮自己把布条缠绕在手臂上。
"Bring it and do me another favor." Wang Ye took off the wooden branches and rattan that fixed the fractured left arm, took the sea mud, evenly smeared it on the fractured area, and asked Hai Dan to tear his wrap into strips, and then asked Hai Dan to help him wrap the cloth strips around his arm.
海蛋比划来比划去不敢下手。 The sea eggs are compared to each other, and they don't dare to start.
“我来吧。”雷木接过布条，不紧不松地缠绕在王叶胳膊上，最外侧再用木枝和木条固定。
"I'll do it." Lei Mu took the strip of cloth and wrapped it around Wang Ye's arm untightly, and fixed it with a wooden branch and a wooden strip on the outermost side.
忙完这个，一大一小都困得撑不住了。 After finishing this, one big and one small are too sleepy to hold on.
王叶只好跟海蛋简单交代：“海蛋，我和我哥服了药需要睡一会儿，等会儿你家人来了，让他们等我们自然醒，不要强行叫醒我们。”
Wang Ye had no choice but to explain to Hai Dan simply: "Hai Dan, my brother and I need to sleep for a while after taking the medicine, and when your family comes, let them wait for us to wake up naturally, don't forcibly wake us up." ”
说完，王叶就靠着雷木躺下。 After speaking, Wang Ye lay down against Lei Mu.
雷木也合上了眼睛。他昨晚就没睡熟，他总不能让一个受伤的孩子和他轮流守夜，就一直强撑着精神警惕。
Reimu closed his eyes as well. He hadn't slept well the previous night, and he couldn't let an injured child take turns keeping vigil with him, so he kept his mental vigilance.
这会儿服下药液，他整个人就像是被泡在温水中，又像是睡在最舒服的柔软床铺中，睡魔拼命拉扯他，他的眼皮合拢后就睁不开了。
At this time, after taking the potion, his whole body seemed to be soaked in warm water, and it was like sleeping in the most comfortable soft bed, and the Sandman pulled him desperately, and his eyelids closed and he couldn't open them.
偏偏旁边的小孩还小大人似地拍着他的肩背，让他乖乖睡觉。
But the child next to him patted him on the shoulder like a small adult and told him to sleep obediently.
雷木想着现在是白天，海蛋兄弟俩也会过来，就放松心神睡了过去。
Lei Mu thought that it was daytime and the Hai Dan brothers would also come over, so he relaxed and fell asleep.
海蛋莫名其妙，这两人不是才起来没多久吗，怎么这么快又要睡了？
Hai Dan is inexplicable, didn't these two people just get up for a long time, why did they have to sleep again so soon?
“小叶子？”海蛋凑过去一看，一大一小全都已经睡着，且睡的特别沉。
"Little leaf?" Hai Dan leaned over to take a look, and all the big and one small were already asleep, and they slept very deeply.
海蛋：“……” Sea Egg: "......"
等海崖带着他爷爷奶奶，还有村长以及渔船长赶过来时，就见他弟海蛋正抱着一个破木桶坐在洞口玩里面的泥巴。
When Haiya arrived with his grandparents, as well as the village chief and the fishing captain, he saw his brother Hai Dan sitting at the entrance of the cave with a broken wooden barrel and playing with the mud inside.
海蛋看到他哥带着他爷爷奶奶还有村长以及渔船长过来，吓了一跳。
Hai Dan was startled when he saw his brother coming with his grandparents, the village chief, and the fishing captain.
看他们要进洞，连忙拦住他们，小声说道：“小叶子和雷大哥服了药睡着了，说你们来了不要强行叫醒他们，要等他们睡到自然醒。”
Seeing that they were about to enter the cave, he hurriedly stopped them and whispered: "Xiao Yezi and Brother Lei fell asleep after taking the medicine, saying that you should not forcibly wake them up when you come, and wait for them to wake up naturally." ”
“服药？”村长看向海崖。 "Medication?" The village chief looked at the sea cliffs.
海蛋抢着道：“小叶子和他哥哥都受伤了。” Hai Dan hurriedly said: "Xiao Yezi and his brother are both injured. ”
村长已经从海崖和他爷爷奶奶口中知道这对外来兄弟受伤的事，他问的是别的。
The village chief already knew about the injuries of the foreign brothers from Haiya and his grandparents, and he asked for something else.
海崖理会，回答：“应该就是小叶子说的药泥。但我不知道那种海泥可以直接服用。”
Haiya ignored it and replied: "It should be the medicinal mud that Xiao Yezi said." But I didn't know that kind of sea mud could be taken directly. ”
“那我们别进去了，就在外面等吧。”村长道。 "Then let's not go in, just wait outside." The village chief said.
海崖进洞略微看了看就出来，对几人点头，表示那对兄弟确实睡着了，还睡得很熟。
Haiya entered the cave and looked at it slightly, and then came out, and nodded to a few people, indicating that the brothers were indeed asleep, and they were still sleeping soundly.
“那种烂泥能直接当药吃？”海蛋爷爷满脸怀疑。 "That kind of mud can be eaten directly as medicine?" Grandpa Haidan's face was full of suspicion.
“这就要问那孩子了。”村长低头，看到木桶里的烂泥，问海崖：“这就是那孩子说的药泥？”
"That's the kid." The village chief lowered his head, saw the mud in the wooden barrel, and asked Haiya: "This is the medicine mud that the kid said?" ”
海崖：“嗯。” Sea Cliff: "Hmm. ”
海蛋奶奶看海蛋把里面的泥巴捏来捏去地玩，还搞得周围到处都是，上去就拍了他一巴掌：“别浪费！这可是宝贝。”
Grandma Haidan watched Haidan pinch the mud inside and play, and made it all around, so she slapped him when she went up: "Don't waste it!" It's a baby. ”
海蛋被拍晕了，委屈地道：“奶奶，这就是烂泥巴，不是什么宝贝。”
Hai Dan was stunned and said aggrievedly: "Grandma, this is mud, not a baby." ”
“你不懂。”村长摸了摸海蛋的脑袋，又跟海崖说：“我们先去崖壁洞穴那里看看。你之前说，那边可能还有一个外来者住在那儿？”
"You don't understand." The village chief touched Haidan's head, and then said to Haiya, "Let's go to the cliff cave first." You said there might be an outsider living there? ”
海崖迟疑道：“我没看到，但小叶子说昨晚有人来探查过他们，您看洞边上那个鞋印。”
Haiya hesitated: "I didn't see it, but Xiao Yezi said that someone came to investigate them last night, you look at the shoe print on the edge of the cave." ”
村长和渔船长都凑过去看那鞋印，看了半天也没看出什么究竟，只能大致看出那应该是个草鞋底。
The village chief and the fishing captain both leaned over to look at the shoe prints, but they couldn't see anything for a long time, and could only roughly see that it should be a straw sole.
“先去崖壁洞穴看看吧，如果真的有外人，我们迟早能找到。”渔船长催促。
"Let's go to the cliff cave first, if there are really outsiders, we can find them sooner or later." The captain of the fishing boat urged.
渔船长叫船锚，是他自己后来改的名，他曾经跟着海草村的大船在外面做过好些年的水手，后来因为得罪人被赶回来。船锚身体特别健壮，驾船技术也是岛上最好的，岛上唯一一艘大渔船就是他负责掌舵。
The fishing captain's name was Anchor, which he later changed to his name, and he used to work as a sailor outside for many years with the big boats of Seagrass Village, and was later driven back because he offended people. The anchor is particularly robust and has the best sailing skills on the island, and he is at the helm of the only large fishing boat on the island.
加上他在外面混过，算得上见多识广，为人又很正直，在村里说话有时比村长都管用。
In addition, he has been mixed up outside, so he can be regarded as well-informed and upright, and he sometimes speaks more effectively in the village than the village chief.
村长也不排斥他，有什么事都会喊着他，村里人都知道下一任村长九成九就是船锚。
The village chief does not reject him, he will shout at him for anything, and everyone in the village knows that the next village chief will be an anchor nine out of nine.
第20章 海豆芽泥效果 Chapter 20: The Effect of Sea Bean Sprouts
王叶和雷木这一睡就是一天一夜。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu slept for a day and a night.
村长他们都被两人吓到了，想要叫醒他们吧，又想起王叶的吩咐。
The village chief and the others were all frightened by the two of them, and they wanted to wake them up, and remembered Wang Ye's instructions.
之后村长叫来了村里最懂草药的黑猪奶奶，请她帮忙看看这两兄弟。
After that, the village chief called Grandma Black Pig, who knew the most about herbal medicine in the village, and asked her to help see the two brothers.
黑猪奶奶没有正经的药师那么厉害，但她一年到头给村里人看病，多少也有些经验，简单查看了下一大一小，就说两人应该只是睡着了，不用担心。
Grandma Black Pig is not as powerful as a serious pharmacist, but she treats people in the village all year round, and she has some experience.
村长把药泥的事也告诉了黑猪奶奶。 The village chief also told Grandma Black Pig about the medicinal mud.
黑猪奶奶抓起海泥闻了闻，又舔了舔，不是很确定地道：“我也不知道这东西能不能当药用，但咱们村世世代代在这岛上都生活多少年了，从没有听说过那崖洞里的烂泥巴能治病，那外来的两兄弟不会是骗人的吧？”
Grandma Black Pig grabbed the sea mud and sniffed it, licked it again, and said unsurely: "I don't know if this thing can be used as medicine, but our village has lived on this island for generations, and I have never heard that the mud in the cliff cave can cure diseases, so the two brothers from outside will not be a lie, right?" ”
海崖脸色微暗。 Sea Cliff's face darkened slightly.
海蛋反应更直接，小孩子不高兴就当即反驳：“小叶子才不会骗人，他自己都用这种烂泥涂在手臂上。”
Haidan's reaction was more direct, and the child was unhappy and immediately retorted: "Xiao Yezi won't deceive people, he himself uses this mud to smear on his arm." ”
黑猪奶奶还是不太确定也不太相信地道：“这孩子看着这么小，顶多六七岁吧，就算跟着药师学习也才学多长时间？就怕他不懂瞎胡闹，反正我是不看好。这泥巴多脏啊，怎么能当药用？”
Grandma Black Pig was still not sure or convinced: "This child looks so young, at most six or seven years old, even if he learns from the pharmacist, how long will he learn?" I'm afraid he doesn't know how to fool around, anyway, I'm not optimistic. How dirty is this mud, how can it be used for medicine? ”
海蛋气呼呼地插腰：“那您还用锅底灰和草木灰给人止血呢。”
Hai Dan thrust his waist angrily: "Then you still use the ash at the bottom of the pot and the ash of plants and trees to stop the bleeding." ”
“那怎么一样？我那是世代祖宗传下来的经验，都是经过验证的！”
"How is that the same? My experience has been passed down from generation to generation, and it's all proven! ”
“海蛋，闭嘴！”海蛋爷爷呵斥孙子。 "Sea Egg, shut up!" Grandpa Hai Dan scolded his grandson.
海蛋奶奶也拉过孙儿，让他不要再说。村里生病受伤都要找黑猪奶奶，可不好得罪了。再说黑猪奶奶也只是谨慎，并没有恶意。
Grandma Haidan also pulled her grandson and told him not to say any more. If you are sick or injured in the village, you have to find Grandma Black Pig, but it's not easy to offend. Besides, Grandma Black Pig is only cautious and has no malicious intentions.
“海蛋也别委屈。行不行，等这两兄弟醒来详细问问就知道了，而且这种事也没办法说谎，我记得村里有不少人有风湿病，可以抹上这个海泥试试。再说这对兄弟自己就有伤，如果他们能用那烂泥治好他们的伤，那不就说明海崖他们说的是真的？”村长打圆场。
"Don't be wronged by Haidan. Okay, wait for the two brothers to wake up and ask in detail, and there is no way to lie about this kind of thing, I remember that there are many people in the village who have rheumatism, and they can try this sea mud. Besides, the brothers themselves have injuries, and if they can heal their injuries with that mud, doesn't that mean that what they said is true? "The village chief played a round game.
船锚接过话茬：“我爹风湿就很重，等会儿我拎一桶回去让他试试。”
The anchor took over the conversation: "My father has a lot of rheumatism, I'll bring a bucket back and let him try it later." ”
船锚不怕海泥有毒，没见人小孩就抹在自己胳膊上。 The anchor is not afraid of the poisonous mud of the sea, and when he sees no one or a child, he wipes it on his arm.
村长又对黑猪奶奶叮嘱：“黑猪奶奶，这事您先别说出去。”
The village chief told Grandma Black Pig again: "Grandma Black Pig, don't talk about this yet." ”
黑猪奶奶也知道轻重：“我晓得，跟我孙女儿都不说。”
Grandma Black Pig also knows the severity: "I know, I don't tell my granddaughter." ”
海蛋咕哝：“小叶子才不会骗人。” Hai Dan muttered: "Xiao Yezi won't deceive people." ”
海蛋爷爷都不知道说孙子什么好了，这才和那外来的孩子处了多久，心就偏过去了。
Grandpa Haidan didn't know what to say about his grandson, so he had been with the foreign child for a long time, and his heart was biased.
村长拍拍海蛋的小胳膊，夸奖他：“如果那烂泥巴是药泥的事是真的，你小子可就立了大功。”
The village chief patted Haidan's little arm and praised him: "If it's true that the mud is medicine mud, your kid has made a great contribution." ”
海蛋昂着头，笑得牙花子都露了出来。 Hai Dan held his head high and smiled so much that his teeth were exposed.
海蛋爷爷哼了哼，到底没说什么。 Grandpa Hai Dan snorted, but didn't say anything.
等王叶睡饱了睁开眼睛，就见他待的这个石洞变了模样。
When Wang Ye was full of sleep and opened his eyes, he saw that the stone cave where he was staying had changed.
其实洞里也没改变多少，就是多了许多支火把。 In fact, the cave has not changed much, just a lot of torches.
变得明亮许多的石洞看起来就比之前暗乎乎的要舒服得多。
The much brighter cave looks much more comfortable than it was before.
水眼那里被人挖深，用海边的彩色鹅卵石垫底，做了一个一米长三十厘米深的长方形小池子。小池子边还放着水桶和舀水的大木勺。
The water eye was dug deep and a small rectangular pool with colored pebbles from the sea was used to make a small rectangular pool one meter long and thirty centimeters deep. There are also buckets and large wooden spoons for scooping water by the small pool.
较大块的石头都被移到了洞壁边沿，那些大石头上面还放着一个陶罐和几个木碗木碟小木勺，另外还有卷起来的粗布衣服。
Larger stones were moved to the edge of the cave wall, and on top of them were a clay pot and several wooden bowls, plates, and spoons, as well as rolled up coarse cloth clothes.
原本的火堆变成了火塘，还被贴心地架起了一个可以吊起陶罐的木架子。
The original fire was turned into a fire pit, and a wooden shelf was thoughtfully erected to hold clay pots.
洞里被人仔细打扫过，墙上和洞口挂着能防蚊虫的药草，地上的石头沙子之类全都被扫得干干净净，包括王叶设置的小机关也都被清除了……
The cave was carefully cleaned, the walls and the entrance of the cave were hung with herbs that could prevent mosquitoes, and the stones and sand on the ground were all swept clean, including the small mechanism set up by Wang Ye......
海蛋奶奶正坐在洞口用棕榈叶和晒干的大叶海草混合在一起编织席子。
Grandma Hai Egg is sitting at the entrance of the cave and weaving a mat mixed with palm leaves and sun-dried large-leaved seaweed.
外面还有人说话的声音。 There was also the sound of someone talking outside.
王叶环视洞内一圈，心想海沟村人应该是验证过那药泥的功效了，不过他这是睡了多久？
Wang Ye looked around the cave, thinking that the people of Haigou Village should have verified the efficacy of the medicinal mud, but how long did he sleep?
王叶一动，雷木跟着醒来。 As soon as Wang Ye moved, Lei Mu woke up.
他这觉睡得可真沉，记忆中除了小时候，他好像就没有睡这么沉过，这在他的经历中几乎是不可思议的事情，比中了迷药还厉害。
He slept so deeply, except when he was a child, he didn't seem to have slept so deeply, which was almost an incredible thing in his experience, worse than being drugged.
但身体也是真的舒服，原本沉重的身体明显轻松了许多，就连一运功就剧烈疼痛的筋脉也有恢复的迹象。
But the body is also really comfortable, the originally heavy body is obviously much easier, and even the muscles and veins that are in severe pain as soon as they exercise are showing signs of recovery.
雷木很轻松地就坐了起来，再低头看胸前伤口，伤口内侧肉芽增生，原本很大的伤口已经向中间聚拢，看样子再过几天就能全部长好。
Lei Mu sat up very easily, and then looked down at the wound on his chest, the granulation on the inside of the wound had proliferated, and the originally large wound had gathered in the middle, and it seemed that it would all grow in a few days.
【玩家隔壁小王主动救助守墓人雷木，令其身体转危为安，奖励经验值100点。】
[Xiao Wang next door to the player took the initiative to rescue the grave keeper Lei Mu, so that his body turned into a safe one, and rewarded him with 100 experience points.] 】
“坏了！”王叶扒着雷木的胸膛，脸上露出沮丧神情。 "It's broken!" Wang Ye grabbed Lei Mu's chest, and a look of frustration appeared on his face.
雷木不解地摸摸小孩的脑袋，问：“怎么了？” Lei Mu touched the child's head in confusion and asked, "What's wrong?" ”
王叶郁闷地轻轻戳戳雷木的伤口边沿：“这伤口愈合太快，可我还没有来得及帮你把划开的口子合拢，现在长好了，就会留下很大的疤痕。”
Wang Ye frustratedly poked the edge of Lei Mu's wound: "This wound heals too quickly, but I haven't had time to help you close the open opening, and now that it grows, it will leave a big scar." ”
雷木失笑，他还以为是什么事呢，“不过一条疤而已，伤势能痊愈才是最重要的。”
Lei Mu smiled, he thought something was wrong, "It's just a scar, the most important thing is that the injury can heal." ”
话虽这么说，但王叶明明有手段可以让雷木不留疤痕，现在看着这条快要长好的伤口就特别不顺眼。
That being said, Wang Ye obviously had the means to keep Lei Mu from leaving a scar, and now looking at this wound that was about to heal was particularly unpleasant.
“你们醒了？”海蛋奶奶听到声音，放下手中活计，快步走过来。
"Are you awake?" Grandma Haidan heard the voice, put down her work, and walked over quickly.
在外面干活兼玩耍的海蛋听到动静也跟着跑进来：“小叶子醒了？”
Haidan, who was working and playing outside, heard the movement and ran in: "Xiaoyezi woke up? ”
海崖提着两条清理干净的大海鱼跟在后面。 Sea Cliff followed with two cleaned sea fish.
“劳烦你们照顾了。”雷木对海蛋奶奶道谢。 "I'm sorry for you to take care of it." Lei Mu thanked Grandma Haidan.
海蛋奶奶忙摆手表示没什么。她刚才听到两人对话，凑过来也看了看雷木的伤口，当即惊讶道：“长得真快，黑猪奶奶之前还说你这伤口愈合得快，没想到会这么快。”
Grandma Haidan hurriedly waved her hand to indicate that it was nothing. She heard the conversation between the two just now, and leaned over to look at Lei Mu's wound, and immediately said in surprise: "It's growing so fast, Grandma Black Pig said before that your wound heals quickly, I didn't expect it to be so fast." ”
“都是药泥的功效好。”王叶感叹。 "It's all good at the effect of medicinal mud." Wang Ye sighed.
原本隐隐作痛的后脑勺和骨折处，他已经感觉不到痛楚，用手摸摸后脑勺的伤口，也已经结痂。
He no longer felt the pain in the back of his head and the fracture, and the wound on the back of his head had also scabbed over when he touched the back of his head.
腹部也不再有任何痛楚，身上的淤青和血肿之类也差不多全都消退。
There was no more pain in the abdomen, and the bruises and hematomas on the body had almost all subsided.
当然，除了药泥的药效，他收获并吸收的那份因果之力也出了大力。
Of course, in addition to the medicinal effect of the medicinal mud, the power of cause and effect that he harvested and absorbed was also greatly exerted.
“小叶子，那药泥到底是什么？你怎么知道那是药泥？”海蛋挤过来问。
"Little Yezi, what the hell is that medicinal mud? How do you know it's medicature? Hai Dan squeezed over and asked.
“我师父是药师，我在我师父那儿见过类似的东西。”王叶简单道。
"My master is a pharmacist, and I have seen something similar at my master's place." Wang Ye said simply.
海蛋奶奶心想这小孩果然是药师学徒，一巴掌拍开孙子，快言快语地道：“你们醒了就好，村长想见见你们，你们看你们什么时候方便？我让海蛋去叫他们。”
Grandma Haidan thought that this child was really a pharmacist apprentice, slapped her grandson away, and said quickly: "It's good that you wake up, the village chief wants to see you, when will it be convenient for you?" I asked Hai Dan to call them. ”
“什么时候都可以，我们先吃饭吧，我快饿死了！”王叶盯着海崖拎进来的大海鱼，口水都要流出来。
"Anytime, let's eat first, I'm dying of hunger!" Wang Ye stared at the sea fish brought in by the sea cliff, and his saliva was about to flow out.
王叶不认识这种海鱼，也没花能量去鉴定，他只要知道这种海鱼能吃就好。
Wang Ye didn't know this kind of sea fish, and he didn't spend the energy to identify it, he just needed to know that this kind of sea fish could be eaten.
蒜瓣一样的鱼肉吃起来特别美味，只烤了烤，再撒上一点当地的调味野果果汁，就清香扑鼻鲜嫩可口，还没多少鱼腥味。
The garlic-like fish is particularly delicious, just grilled and sprinkled with a little local seasoned wild fruit juice, it is fragrant and tender, and there is not much fishy smell.
半米多长的两条大海鱼还不够王叶和雷木两人吃的。 The two sea fish that are more than half a meter long are not enough for Wang Ye and Lei Mu to eat.
海蛋瞪圆眼睛，小叶子那么小小一只，竟然能吃那么多！
The sea egg stared at the round eyes, the little leaf is so small, it can eat so much!
海蛋奶奶他们都不饿，看他们不够吃，海崖还去崖底沙滩那儿又摸了些海货回来，放到陶罐里用清水煮。
Haidan Grandma They are not hungry, seeing that they are not enough to eat, Haiya also went to the beach at the bottom of the cliff and touched some seafood back, put it in a clay pot and boiled it with water.
海蛋被他奶奶差遣去叫村长他们了。 Hai Dan was sent by his grandmother to call the village chief.
雷木饿得更厉害，等不及海货煮熟，拿了一桶牡蛎，剖开一个吃一个。
Lei Mu was even more hungry, and couldn't wait for the seafood to be cooked, so he took a bucket of oysters, cut them open and ate them one by one.
王叶看他吃了那么多生牡蛎，对他不住坏笑。 Wang Ye saw that he had eaten so many raw oysters and couldn't help but smile at him.
雷木先没反应过来，听到小孩小声跟他说牡蛎有壮阳之功效，当即好气又好笑地弹了弹王叶的额头。
Lei Mu didn't react first, and when he heard the child whispering to him that oysters have the effect of aphrodisiac, he immediately flicked Wang Ye's forehead angrily and funny.
吃过饭，王叶查看他的骨折左臂，他感到手臂上的药泥都干了，绷在手臂上，有点不舒服。
After eating, Wang Ye checked his fractured left arm, and he felt that the medicinal mud on his arm was dry, stretched on his arm, and was a little uncomfortable.
王叶刚要请海崖帮忙解开木枝，雷木看出他的意思，自然而然接手过来。
Wang Ye was just about to ask Haiya to help untie the branches, but Lei Mu saw what he meant, so he naturally took over.
雷木最大的问题就是筋脉，只要筋脉开始好转，他就能动。
Lei Mu's biggest problem is the tendons, as long as the tendons start to improve, he can move.
小孩现在表面上是他弟弟，他不照顾谁照顾？ The child is now ostensibly his younger brother, who does he not take care of?
木枝解开，布条就有点难弄了。 When the branches are untied, the strips of cloth are a bit difficult to get.
布条和药泥黏在了一起，要弄下来得用劲扯。 The strips of cloth and the clay were glued together, and they had to be pulled hard to get them down.
王叶敲了敲变硬变干的海泥，脑中忽然闪过一道光，眼睛瞬间变亮。
Wang Ye knocked on the sea mud that had hardened and dried, and a light suddenly flashed in his mind, and his eyes instantly brightened.
这药泥能塑形，就是没有石膏那么坚硬，如果他把这药泥当做内层，石膏当做外层，是否会让骨折伤好得更快？
This clay can be shaped, but it is not as hard as plaster, if he uses this clay as the inner layer and the plaster as the outer layer, will it make the fracture heal faster?
“不用扯了，直接把下面的药泥敲碎。”想要验证这点，还得找些石膏来才行。
"Don't pull it, just break the medicine mud below." If you want to verify this, you have to find some plaster.
“没问题？” "No problem?"
“没事，正好更换新药泥。” "It's okay, just replace the new medicine mud."
雷木手上略微用劲，只轻轻一捏，就把药泥捏碎，还保证不会伤到下面的细胳膊。
Lei Mu used a little force in his hand, and with just a slight pinch, he crushed the medicine mud, and promised not to hurt the thin arm below.
骨折处恢复得也不错，红肿明显消退许多，王叶用力按了按也没有明显痛楚。
The fracture recovered well, the redness and swelling had subsided a lot, and Wang Ye pressed hard and there was no obvious pain.
雷木抓住他的手指，“轻点。” Raim grabbed his fingers, "Tap." ”
王叶咕哝：“不重一点感觉不到。”他现在还不能内视，只能凭经验和感觉。
Wang Ye muttered: "It's not heavy, I can't feel it." "He can't look inside yet, he can only rely on experience and feeling.
雷木微微皱眉，王叶这感觉不到多少痛楚的特殊体质好也不好，要他说，这体质还是要治疗，能恢复正常最好。
Lei Mu frowned slightly, Wang Ye's special physique that didn't feel much pain was good or not, and if he wanted him to say, this physique still needs to be treated, and it is best to return to normal.
王叶一眼看出他在担心什么，小声道：“没事，我以后可以加强魂力感知，一样的。”
Wang Ye saw at a glance what he was worried about, and whispered: "It's okay, I can strengthen my soul power perception in the future, it's the same." ”
雷木却觉得身体感知和灵魂感知一样重要，缺哪样都不好，如果能治疗还是要治疗。
Lei Mu felt that body perception and soul perception were as important, and it was not good to lack anything, and if it could be treated, it would still be treated.
但雷木现在也没有什么好的办法，只在心里记住这事，他倒是认识一个厉害药师，就是小家伙看样子已经有师父，如果帮他引荐那位药师，就不知道小家伙的师父会不会心里不舒服。
But Lei Mu doesn't have any good way now, he only remembers this matter in his heart, he knows a powerful pharmacist, that is, the little guy seems to already have a master, if he helps him introduce that pharmacist, I don't know if the little guy's master will feel uncomfortable.
有些药师可是小心眼得很，如果因此连累王叶被他师父不喜那就不好了。
Some pharmacists are very cautious, and it would not be good if Wang Ye was disliked by his master because of this.
如果王叶知道雷木想法，肯定会巴着他让他赶紧介绍那位药师。雷木认识的药师有八成可能就是他师父，他还正愁着这个时间点要到哪里去找他师父呢。
If Wang Ye knew Lei Mu's thoughts, he would definitely bake him and ask him to quickly introduce that pharmacist. Eighty percent of the pharmacists Lei Mu knew were probably his master, and he was still worried about where to find his master at this point in time.
第21章 无利不起早 Chapter 21: No Profit Can't Be Early
村长等人进来时就看到王叶和雷木正在清理那些碎药泥。
When the village chief and the others came in, they saw Wang Ye and Lei Mu cleaning up the broken medicine mud.
王叶穿着海蛋奶奶给海蛋做的新短布裤，左臂上了新的药泥，用布条裹好后同样用木枝固定，又用剩下的破布条兜住手臂吊起来。右手则拿着碎药泥又闻又舔，感知里面的药性挥发程度，再敲打干海泥的坚硬度。
Wang Ye was wearing the new short cloth pants made for Hai Dan by Haidan's grandmother, and put new medicinal mud on his left arm, which was also fixed with wooden branches after being wrapped in cloth strips, and hung up on his arm with the remaining rag strips. In his right hand, he held the crushed mud and smelled and licked it, feeling the volatile degree of the medicine inside, and then beating the hardness of the dried sea mud.
“你们醒了，身体怎样？”村长满脸笑容地打招呼。 "When you wake up, how are you doing?" The village chief greeted with a smile on his face.
他们已经验证过那药泥的功效，也不知是心理作用，还是那药泥真的好使，涂抹药泥的两个老人都说关节舒服很多，晚上睡觉都不怎么疼了。
They have verified the efficacy of the medicinal mud, and they don't know if it is a psychological effect, or the medicinal mud is really good, the two old people who applied the medicinal mud said that the joints are much more comfortable, and it doesn't hurt much to sleep at night.
雷木：“还好，多谢关心。” Remu: "It's okay, thank you for your concern. ”
海蛋奶奶一看到村长几个过来，就拉着他们激动地说：“你们看小叶子他大哥的伤口，原本老大一条刀伤，要是在我们这儿，这伤口九成得看老天爷能不能赏命活，但小叶子用那海泥的提取物给他大哥用了，那伤口不过一天一夜就合口了！”
As soon as Grandma Haidan saw the village chief coming, she pulled them and said excitedly: "Look at Xiao Yezi's eldest brother's wound, originally the eldest had a knife wound, if we were here, this wound would be ninety percent up to God if he could reward his life, but Xiao Yezi used the extract of the sea mud to his eldest brother, and the wound was closed in just one day and one night!" ”
“是吗，效果这么好？”村长等人惊喜。 "Really, it works so well?" The village chief and others were pleasantly surprised.
双方客套了一番，王叶是小孩，雷木又已经苏醒，村长等人的主要说话对象自然就变成了雷木。
The two sides were polite, Wang Ye was a child, Lei Mu had woken up again, and the main object of the village chief and others naturally became Lei Mu.
眼看客套得差不多，雷木淡淡道：“药泥的事，我弟跟你们谈，是他发现的，他想怎么处理我这个当哥哥的都不会反对。”
Seeing that the politeness was almost the same, Lei Mu said lightly: "The matter of the medicine mud, my brother talked to you, he found out, and he will not object to what he wants to do with me, who is an elder brother." ”
村长心中一凛，暗自庆幸是王叶先发现了药泥，小孩子不懂得药泥的重要性，那么宝贵的东西就这么随便说出来了，要是换了别的成年外来者，肯定会偷偷把所有药泥都收集光也不会告诉他们。
The village chief's heart sank, and he was secretly glad that Wang Ye had discovered the medicinal mud first, the child didn't understand the importance of the medicinal mud, so the precious thing was just said casually, if it was replaced by other adult outsiders, he would definitely secretly collect all the medicinal mud and would not tell them.
这么一想，村长对王叶越发感激起来，不管这药泥的药性到底如何，人孩子能为他们村的人把他们从礁石上抬下来这么一个小小恩情，就送他们这么大一个好处，他们村要是亏待了这两兄弟，海神爷爷都看不过眼。
Thinking about it like this, the village chief became more and more grateful to Wang Ye, no matter what the medicinal properties of this medicinal mud were, people and children could carry them down from the reef for the people of their village Such a small kindness, just give them such a big benefit, if their village treats these two brothers badly, Grandpa Seagod can't see it.
不光是村长这么想，其他人想得也都差不多，他们海沟村人可不干亏心事，别人怎么对他们，他们怎么对别人。
Not only the village chief thinks so, but everyone else thinks similarly, they don't do bad things in the Trench Village, what others do to them, how they treat others.
船锚等人都在等王叶提条件。 The anchor and others were waiting for Wang Ye to mention the conditions.
结果王叶张口就道：“我知道你们来是为了那些药性海泥的用法，我会把我知道的都告诉你们，但你们能学会多少就看你们自己。你们也不用怀疑我们是否说谎，药泥的药性就摆在那儿，好不好用，用上一用就知道。再说，我们也没必要骗你们。”
As a result, Wang Ye opened his mouth and said: "I know that you are here for the use of those medicinal sea muds, and I will tell you everything I know, but how much you can learn depends on yourself." You don't have to wonder if we are lying, the medicinal properties of the mud are there, whether it is good or not, you will know when you use it. Besides, we don't have to lie to you. ”
“当然当然，这种事怎么好骗。”村长看王叶什么条件都没提，越发觉得这孩子只是看着刺头，实际特别诚厚。当即连连摆手，又忙道：“等等，我们年龄大了，有些东西你说的我们不一定能记得住，你等我再去找几个聪明孩子……”
"Of course, of course, how easy to deceive this kind of thing." The village chief didn't mention any conditions when he saw Wang Ye, and felt more and more that this kid was just looking at the thorns, and he was actually very sincere. Immediately waved his hand again and again, and said busily: "Wait, we are older, there are some things you said that we may not be able to remember, you wait for me to find a few smart children......"
“也不用舍近求远，就海崖和海蛋好了。我教会他们，他们再去教其他人。”王叶道。
"You don't have to go far, just the sea cliffs and sea eggs. I teach them, and they teach others. Wang Ye said.
村长一听就知道王叶的意思了，心中不禁感叹海崖和海蛋两兄弟的好运气，但那也是海蛋自己争取来的，还惠及到他二哥，这是海蛋家的运气，别人也只能羡慕。
The village chief knew what Wang Ye meant as soon as he heard it, and he couldn't help but sigh in his heart the good luck of the two brothers, Haiya and Haidan, but that was also won by Haidan himself, and it also benefited his second brother, this is the luck of Haidan's family, and others can only envy it.
再说人小孩肯那么大方地把那药泥的事说出来，说不得还是看在海蛋一家的份上。
Besides, people and children are willing to tell the matter of the medicine mud so generously, and it is not for the sake of the Haidan family.
何况王叶也没说不让海蛋他们把知识传授出去，怎么想都是他们海沟村人占便宜。
What's more, Wang Ye didn't say that he wouldn't let Haidan and them pass on their knowledge, no matter how they thought about it, they would take advantage of the people of Haigou Village.
村长心里有数，想着以后在这药泥收益的分配上肯定要多多偏向海蛋一家。
The village chief knew in his heart, thinking that in the future, he would definitely favor the Haidan family more in the distribution of the income of this medicinal mud.
海蛋奶奶听了王叶的话，被海风摧残的酱色脸笑成了一朵花。也更决定了以后要多照顾这两兄弟的生活，看看这兄弟俩还缺什么，只要家里有的，都给他们送过来！
Grandma Haidan listened to Wang Ye's words, and her sauce-colored face that was destroyed by the sea breeze smiled into a flower. I also decided to take care of the lives of these two brothers more in the future, see what the brothers still lack, as long as they have it at home, send it to them!
海蛋爷爷也不吱声了，心里则也在感叹自家小孙子的运气，他之前救人碰到的就是一个坑货，而海蛋救人却能惠及全家乃至整个村子。孙子的运气比他好，这是好事。
Grandpa Hai Dan didn't squeak anymore, and he was also sighing in his heart about his little grandson's luck, what he encountered when he saved people before was a pit goods, but Hai Dan saving people can benefit the whole family and even the whole village. The grandson's luck is better than his, and that's a good thing.
海崖脸上没什么多余表情，但眼中都是满满的欢喜。他之前就想跟黑猪奶奶学习药草，但黑猪奶奶更想教她的孙女，还想撮合他和她孙女，他不反感黑猪奶奶，却不太喜欢她那个孙女。
Sea Cliff didn't have any superfluous expressions on his face, but his eyes were full of joy. He wanted to learn medicinal herbs from Grandma Black Pig before, but Grandma Black Pig wanted to teach her granddaughter more, and wanted to match him and her granddaughter, he didn't dislike Grandma Black Pig, but he didn't like her granddaughter very much.
偏偏黑猪奶奶的孙女知道她奶奶的意思后，竟然对村里人说他想学她奶奶的本事就因为喜欢她，想要做她家的上门孙女婿。原先这女孩只是性子有些讨人厌，现在却摆出了一副村里适龄男孩都要任她挑选的贵小姐派头。
But after Grandma Black Pig's granddaughter knew what her grandmother meant, she actually told the villagers that he wanted to learn from her grandmother's skills because he liked her and wanted to be her family's grandson-in-law. Originally, this girl was just a little annoying, but now she put on a noble lady style that all school-age boys in the village were to choose from her.
海崖才十七岁，他再冷静理智，也只是个少年，听了这话心里怎么会舒服？如果黑猪奶奶愿意教导他，他会把对方当做亲奶奶一样孝顺，给对方养老，如果他能力足够，也会帮助对方的家人和生活，但黑猪奶奶的孙女真的想太多了。
Haiya is only seventeen years old, no matter how calm and rational he is, he is only a teenager, how can he feel comfortable when he hears this? If Grandma Black Pig is willing to teach him, he will treat the other party as filial piety as a grandmother, provide for each other's old age, and if he is capable enough, he will also help the other party's family and life, but Grandma Black Pig's granddaughter really thinks too much.
偏偏黑猪奶奶现在还摆出一副谁能讨得她家孙女欢心，她就把草药知识传给谁的态度。
But Grandma Black Pig is still putting on an attitude that whoever can please her granddaughter will pass on the knowledge of herbal medicine to whom.
谁的胳膊肘都是往里弯，黑猪奶奶这个做法没错，海崖也不怨黑猪奶奶，只是就此死了跟黑猪奶奶学习的心。谁想到峰回路转，他弟救回来的一个外来小孩竟然也会药学知识，而且貌似比黑猪奶奶更厉害。
Who's elbow is bent inward, Grandma Black Pig is right, and Haiya doesn't complain about Grandma Black Pig, but he just died of learning from Grandma Black Pig. Who would have thought that a foreign child rescued by his brother would also know pharmacy, and it seemed to be more powerful than Grandma Black Pig.
海崖心里感激弟弟，但他不说。 Haiya was grateful to his brother, but he didn't say anything.
海蛋还不知道这事有多么好，听说要学习，还挺头大，被他二哥用力拍了下脑袋。
Hai Dan didn't know how good this was, but when he heard that he was going to study, he was quite big, and he was slapped on the head by his second brother.
海蛋还没来得及反抗他二哥，就被他爷爷奶奶联合双打了。他奶奶更是揪着他耳朵，让他好好跟小叶子学习。
Before Hai Dan could resist his second brother, he was doubled by his grandparents. His grandmother even pulled his ears and asked him to learn from Xiao Yezi.
海蛋眼泪汪汪地蹲到了王叶面前。 Hai Dan squatted in front of Wang Ye with tears in his eyes.
王叶大人样地摸摸他的脑袋，把所有人都逗笑。 Lord Wang Ye touched his head and made everyone laugh.
渔船长船锚打量石洞，热心地跟雷木道：“这石洞到底也只是个临时住所，我给你们在村里建栋房子吧，你们需要什么就跟我说，我们海岛盖房子的材料都是现成的，很快就能弄好。”
The fishing captain anchored the stone cave and said to Lei Mu enthusiastically: "This stone cave is just a temporary residence after all, I will build you a house in the village, tell me what you need, the materials for building a house on our island are ready-made, and they can be made soon." ”
村长连连点头，他巴不得王叶留下来，就算只是药师学徒，那也是正儿八经学过的，没见海草村那个从外面回来的药师学徒鼻子有多高吗。
The village chief nodded again and again, he wished that Wang Ye would stay, even if it was just a pharmacist apprentice, that was also a serious learner, didn't you see how high the nose of the pharmacist apprentice who came back from outside in Seagrass Village.
雷木自己并不太需要好房子，但他在回答前先看向王叶，也许这小孩想要一栋住起来更舒服的房子？
Lei Mu himself didn't really need a good house, but he looked at Wang Ye before answering, maybe this kid wanted a house that was more comfortable to live in?
王叶闻言摇头：“船锚大叔，这个石洞就很好，地方宽敞也结实，虽然也有其他毛病，但稍微改造一下就很好。如果船锚大叔方便的话，您看能不能给我们弄扇结实的木门，再开一两个窗户，然后再打张木床，弄点木架子，我还想要一个灶台，一张桌子还有椅子……”
Wang Ye shook his head when he heard this: "Uncle Anchor, this stone cave is very good, the place is spacious and strong, although there are other problems, but it is good to renovate it a little." If it's convenient for Uncle Anchor, see if you can get us a sturdy wooden door, and open a window or two, and then make a wooden bed, and some wooden shelves, and I want a stove, a table, and chairs......"
王叶一口气提了一堆，完全不觉得自己要求太多。 Wang Ye lifted a bunch of them in one go, and he didn't feel that he was asking too much at all.
船锚爽朗地笑起来，小孩的要求并不多也不高，盖栋新房子肯定也要配齐这些，人家又没要金要银，连盖房子都省了，就是打点小东西而已。
The anchor laughed heartily, the child's requirements are not many or high, and building a new house must also be equipped with these, and people don't ask for gold and silver, and they even save money to build a house, just a little thing.
“没问题，这都是小事情，你说怎么改造，你船锚叔保证带人给你搞得好好的。”
"No problem, it's all a small thing, you say how to transform, your anchor uncle promises to bring someone to do it for you."
“那好，先弄门和灶台吧。”王叶半点不客气地道。 "Okay, let's get the door and the stove first." Wang Ye said unceremoniously.
海蛋爷爷觉得这事不能只摊在船锚头上，他家获得的好处更多，当下就担起这件事，主动叫上船锚：“我来做门，你来准备灶台吧，再收集一些晒干的好木材。”
Grandpa Hai Dan felt that this matter could not only be spread on the anchor head, his family had more benefits, so he took this matter immediately and took the initiative to call the anchor: "I'll make the door, you can prepare the stove, and then collect some good wood for drying." ”
船锚：“行，我回村弄点材料，再把我两个兄弟找过来，给他们把灶台弄上，再看窗户要怎么开。”
Anchor: "Okay, I'll go back to the village to get some materials, and then get my two brothers over, get the stove for them, and see how the windows are opened." ”
船锚和海蛋爷爷说干就干，立刻就在石洞里敲敲打打开了，他们这是在勘察这个石洞的结构和结实程度，看在什么地方做什么好。
The anchor and the grandfather of Hai Dan said to do it, and immediately knocked and opened it in the stone cave, they were surveying the structure and strength of this stone cave, and seeing where to do it.
“等等，船锚大叔，有石膏和石灰吗？能给我多弄一点吗？”王叶一眼看出这个船锚是海沟村包括村长在内最有见识的。
"Wait, Uncle Anchor, is there plaster and lime? Can you get me a little more? Wang Ye could see at a glance that this anchor was the most knowledgeable in Trench Village, including the village chief.
“石膏石灰……”船锚脸上露出为难神色，“我们岛上还真没什么石膏石灰。你要的话，得等我们去海草岛一趟，从他们那里买。”
"Gypsum Lime ......," the anchor looked embarrassed, "we really don't have any gypsum lime on our island. If you want it, you'll have to wait for us to go to Seagrass Island and buy it from them. ”
王叶迷惑：“石膏不说，石灰矿几乎到处都有，好吧，就算你们没发现石灰矿，但你们满海岛的贝壳，要石灰还要去别的地方买？”
Wang Ye was puzzled: "Gypsum aside, lime mines are almost everywhere, well, even if you don't find lime mines, but you are full of shells on the island, and you have to buy lime elsewhere?" ”
这次轮到船锚和村长几个露出困惑神情：“贝壳和石灰有什么关系？”
This time, it was the turn of the anchor and the village chief to show a puzzled expression: "What does the shell have to do with lime?" ”
“贝壳烧碎就是石灰啊。”王叶随口就说了出来。 "Shells are lime when they are burned." Wang Ye said it casually.
村长和船锚都是哎呀一声大叫，村长忙问这贝壳要怎么烧。
The village chief and the anchor both screamed, and the village chief hurriedly asked how the shell should be burned.
王叶很大方地说了，石灰这东西对他来说太普通：“把贝壳烧成灰白色，一碰就碎的程度，拿出来，浇上水，就能变成石灰。烧贝壳之前，先弄个火窑，或者聚热比较高的火坑，算了，这火窑也要点技术，我等会儿手把手教你们怎么搞，否则热度不够，太浪费木柴。”
Wang Ye said very generously, lime is too ordinary for him: "If you burn the shells to the point of gray-white, they will break when you touch them, take them out and pour them with water, and they can turn them into lime." Before burning shells, first make a fire kiln, or a fire pit with a high heat accumulation, forget it, this kiln also needs some technology, I will teach you how to do it later, otherwise the heat is not enough, too much waste of firewood. ”
村长几人都是一副“好好好，你说的算”的欢喜模样。 The village chiefs all looked happy, "Okay, good, you say".
雷木无奈，大方不是坏事，但这孩子的手也太松了，小小年纪就有败家子之相。价值那么高的药泥随便就告诉了当地人，烧石灰和建火窑的方法也不当回事。
雷木走过那么多地方，非常清楚有时候只是一个小小的技术，就能作为一整个家族和地方势力的营生，而为了保住自己的优势和饭碗，那些势力的人会想方设法地隐藏技术秘密，更绝不会随便传授他人。
Lei Mu has traveled so many places, and he knows very well that sometimes just a small technology can be used as a livelihood for an entire family and local forces, and in order to protect their own advantages and jobs, the people of those forces will try their best to hide the secrets of technology, and will never teach others casually.
别看烧石灰只是小技术，王叶不说，这海岛的人恐怕后续几十年乃至几百年都不一定知道贝壳烧出来就是石灰。
Don't look at the burning of lime is just a small technology, Wang Ye doesn't say it, I'm afraid that the people on this island may not necessarily know that the shells are burned out of lime in the next few decades or even hundreds of years.
大约也就是小孩天性大方又知恩，这小孩才会对只拉过他一把的他这么掏心掏肺？
It is about the child's natural generosity and kindness, so this child will be so heartfelt to him who only pulled him?
幸好王叶不知道他的好大儿在想什么，否则一定会会给他三个字：想太多！他这种无利不起早的人怎么可能会对不相关的人随便送出好处？
Fortunately, Wang Ye didn't know what his good son was thinking, otherwise he would definitely give him three words: think too much! How could a person like him, who is unprofitable and can't afford to be early, casually give away favors to unrelated people?
没听他刚说完贝壳能烧石灰的事，游戏系统就又奖励了他300点经验值。
这可是整整三百点！ That's a full three hundred!
升到一级后，捕捉零级生物就不会再有经验值拿，他以后想要靠捡海货来获得经验值是不可能了，除非岸边有一级以上的海货给他随便捡。
After reaching level 1, he will no longer have experience points for catching level zero creatures, and it is impossible for him to gain experience points by picking up sea goods in the future, unless there are level 1 or above sea goods on the shore for him to pick up at will.
第22章 建造火窑 Chapter 22: Building a Furnace
船锚听说王叶会教他们做火窑，就激动得直搓手，这在外面可都是传子不传女的秘密技术。
When the anchor heard that Wang Ye would teach them how to make a fire kiln, he rubbed his hands excitedly, which was a secret technique that was passed on to his son but not to his daughter.
“我这就回去叫上我兄弟和家里的小子们，给你打下手。”
"I'm going to go back and call my brother and the boys of the family, and give you a hand."
村长连声道好，也让船锚叫上他两个儿子和三个女婿。 The village chief said yes again and again, and asked the anchor to call his two sons and three sons-in-law.
王叶又道：“石灰用处很多，这石洞比较潮湿，涂抹石灰可以让石洞亮堂一些，再放些石灰也能吸取湿气。石膏用处也不少，比如我这骨折的胳膊如果用石膏浸泡药布裹起来，干了后会比树枝木板的固定效果好得多。这样，我等会儿跟你们出去走走，看这岛上有没有石膏矿。”
Wang Ye said again: "Lime has a lot of uses, this stone cave is relatively wet, applying lime can make the stone cave brighter, and putting some lime can also absorb moisture." Plaster is also very useful, for example, if my broken arm is wrapped in plaster-soaked cloth, it will be much better than the fixation of branches and planks after drying. In this case, I will go out with you later to see if there are any gypsum mines on this island. ”
“我给你带路！岛上我熟。”海蛋抢着道。 "I'll show you the way! I am familiar with the island. Hai Dan hurriedly said.
海蛋奶奶很想把她大孙子也叫来带路，但想着好处也不能都给他们一家占了，就给王叶推荐说村长家的大孙子是岛上的猎人，更熟悉岛上。
Grandma Haidan wanted to call her eldest grandson to lead the way, but thinking that the benefits could not be taken by their family, she recommended to Wang Ye that the eldest grandson of the village chief's family was a hunter on the island and was more familiar with the island.
王叶同意，他身上有伤，完全不介意多点人和他进岛里探索，何况还是熟悉地形的地头蛇。
Wang Ye agreed, he was injured, and he didn't mind more people going into the island to explore him, not to mention that he was still a local snake who was familiar with the terrain.
村长就觉得海蛋奶奶这人真没话说，笑得嘴巴合不拢，当即就让海蛋跑一趟，去把他大孙子海耀祖找来。
The village chief felt that Grandma Hai Dan really had nothing to say, so he couldn't close his mouth with a smile, and immediately asked Hai Dan to run and find his eldest grandson Hai Yaozu.
在人来之前，村长就拉着雷木说话，询问他外面的事。 Before the people came, the village chief pulled Lei Mu to talk and asked him about the outside.
雷木去过的地方多，随便扯一扯也能让村长听得连连惊呼。
Lei Mu has been to many places, and a casual pull can make the village chief hear it again and again.
海崖更是站在一边听得不肯离开。 Sea Cliff stood aside and refused to leave.
王叶插话询问村长海草村集市的事。 Wang Ye interjected to ask the village chief about the seagrass village market.
村长现在看王叶就是个大宝贝，王叶说什么都是好的，闻言就说：“到时你们跟我们的船一起，海草村的集市可热闹了，你们想要什么，只要我们村能买得起，就买！”
The village chief now sees that Wang Ye is a big baby, and whatever Wang Ye says is good, he said: "When you go with our boat, the market in Seagrass Village will be lively, what do you want, as long as our village can afford it, buy it!" ”
村长说完就后悔，不是后悔要掏钱，而是后悔同意放两人出岛。
After the village chief finished speaking, he regretted it, not regretting that he had to pay for it, but regretting that he agreed to let the two out of the island.
王叶嘿嘿笑。好感度刷上来就是好，否则玩家想要在初期走出新手村可不是那么容易的事，正要答应，被雷木扯到一旁。
Wang Ye smiled. It's good to brush up the favorability, otherwise it won't be so easy for players to get out of the novice village in the early stage, and they were about to agree, but they were pulled aside by Lei Mu.
雷木接过话茬：“好，到时候我们跟你们一起去看看，正好买些东西把这石洞好好布置布置。”
Lei Mu took over the conversation: "Okay, let's go with you to have a look at it then, just buy some things to arrange this stone cave." ”
村长一听这话顿时去了一半担心，他就怕这两兄弟去了海草村，见到那边的富裕，就不肯再跟他们回来。
When the village chief heard this, he was half worried, he was afraid that the two brothers would go to Seagrass Village and see the wealth there, so he would not come back with them.
王叶茫然，雷木为什么突然扯他？ Wang Ye was at a loss, why did Lei Mu suddenly pull him?
雷木背着村长问：“你是不是在打什么坏主意？笑得一脸坏样。”
Lei Mu carried the village chief behind his back and asked, "Are you playing with some bad ideas?" Smiled badly. ”
“没啊。”王叶满脸问号，过了一会儿摸摸自己的脸，闭嘴。行吧，他从小就知道他笑起来不、可、爱！
"Nope." Wang Ye's face was full of question marks, and after a while, he touched his face and shut up. Okay, he's known since he was a kid that he laughs no, but, love!
没多久，船锚和海蛋带着人和工具回来了，将近二十号人全是年轻的壮汉，就是少年也是身上有肌肉的。
Not long after, the anchor and the sea egg returned with people and tools, and nearly twenty people were all young strong men, even teenagers with muscles.
除了健壮男子，船锚还把他媳妇和弟媳带来，她们来帮助海蛋奶奶给大家打下手。
In addition to the sturdy man, the anchor also brought his daughter-in-law and brother-in-law, who came to help Grandma Haidan.
这么多人一起涌入石洞，石洞内一下变得热闹也拥挤无比。
With so many people pouring into the cave, the cave suddenly became lively and crowded.
两个女人对王叶和雷木好奇无比，看到王叶还心疼地说“这孩子身上怎么没有一点肉”。
The two women were extremely curious about Wang Ye and Lei Mu, and when they saw Wang Ye, they said distressedly, "Why doesn't this child have any flesh on him."
王叶躲过两个女人的魔爪，逃到海蛋兄弟那一堆。 Wang Ye escaped the clutches of the two women and fled to the pile of the Haidan brothers.
雷木那诡异的脸和不太好惹的气质，让村人并不敢跟他多搭讪什么。
Lei Mu's weird face and not too easy to mess with temperament made the villagers dare not talk to him more.
雷木也乐得清静。 Lei Mu is also happy to be quiet.
王叶很想多多了解这座岛，也不是能坐得住的人，当即就招呼村长的长孙海耀祖出发去岛里看看，让雷木留下休息。
Wang Ye wanted to know more about this island, and he was not a person who could sit still, so he immediately beckoned Hai Yaozu, the eldest grandson of the village chief, to set off to take a look at the island, and let Lei Mu stay and rest.
雷木身体虽然恢复些许，但长时间爬山涉水还不行。 Although Lei Mu's body has recovered a little, it is not enough to climb mountains and wade through water for a long time.
其实就王叶也应该躺着疗养，但他感知不到多少疼痛，就是腿断了他都能照常走路，何况只是手臂骨折。
In fact, Wang Ye should also lie down to recuperate, but he didn't feel much pain, even if his leg was broken, he could walk as usual, not to mention that it was only a broken arm.
雷木抓住了王叶的脖子，那动作比海崖抓海蛋还熟练。 Lei Mu grabbed Wang Ye's neck, and that action was more skilled than sea cliffs catching sea eggs.
王叶第一次被人捏住这样的要害，他惊讶过后就放松身体，任由雷木抓着他。
It was the first time for Wang Ye to be pinched like this, and after he was surprised, he relaxed his body and let Lei Mu grab him.
雷木眼中有明显的不赞成：“你的伤还没彻底养好，不准到处跑。山里也比这边危险多了。”
There was obvious disapproval in Lei Mu's eyes: "Your injuries have not been completely healed, so you are not allowed to run around." It's a lot more dangerous in the mountains than here. ”
海耀祖也怕这么小的孩子跟着他进山出事，听说他还受着伤，更不愿了，闻言连声道：“那石膏是什么模样，你可以跟我们形容，我们对岛里熟，说不定你说说，我们就知道在哪里，不用你非要跑一趟。”
Hai Yaozu was also afraid that such a young child would follow him into the mountains and have an accident, and when he heard that he was still injured, he was even more reluctant, so he said repeatedly: "What does the gypsum look like, you can describe it to us, we are familiar with the island, maybe you can tell us, we will know where it is, and you don't have to run away." ”
村长等人也是这个意思。 The village chief and others also mean the same.
王叶看说不过这些家伙，主要是他不想让雷木担忧，就勉强同意道：“石膏矿石一般呈现白色或无色，比较脆，带一点光泽，在地上划一条痕，如果划出来的是白色或者透明色的就带回来。”
Wang Ye couldn't talk about these guys, mainly because he didn't want Lei Mu to worry, so he reluctantly agreed: "Gypsum ore is generally white or colorless, brittle, with a little luster, scratch a mark on the ground, if the scratch is white or transparent, bring it back." ”
王叶看海耀祖几个一副想到什么又不是很确定的模样，追加道：“光说说不清楚，你们把岛内各处的石头带给我，随便什么石头都可以，带回来时记得把地点分别记下来。”
Wang Ye looked at Hai Yaozu and looked like he was not very sure of what he had thought of, and added: "It's not clear just to say, you can bring me stones from all over the island, you can use any stone, remember to write down the locations when you bring them back." ”
这个简单，海耀祖转头就回村找小伙伴们分派任务，每个人负责找一片地方，这样就不容易乱了。
This is simple, Hai Yaozu turned his head and went back to the village to find his friends to assign tasks, and everyone was responsible for finding a place, so that it would not be easy to mess up.
海耀祖还拉上了海蛋的大哥海潮。 Hai Yaozu also pulled the big brother of Hai Egg, Hai Chao.
船锚没好意思让王叶立刻教他们怎么建造火窑，就带人先改造石洞。
The anchor was embarrassed to ask Wang Ye to teach them how to build a fire kiln immediately, so he led people to transform the stone cave first.
海蛋爷爷经验丰富，在洞里找了一处朝南的薄弱处，指点大家用凿子凿孔，等把四边都凿好孔，再敲击最中间，这样就能砸出一个四周边比较平整的窗户。
Grandpa Hai Dan has a lot of experience, so he found a weak point facing south in the hole, instructed everyone to use a chisel to dig holes, and then hit the middle when the holes were chiseled on all sides, so that a window with a relatively flat perimeter could be smashed.
王叶又在水池边和预留做灶台的地方，问能不能在这两边也各开一个朝外的孔洞，一个用来做下水孔，一个用来做出烟孔。
Wang Ye asked if he could also make an outward facing hole on each side of the pool and the reserved place for the stove, one for the sewer hole and the other for the smoke hole.
海蛋爷爷带着一个盖房子的熟手在两边敲打一番，点头说能开洞。
Grandpa Hai Dan took a skilled hand to build a house and beat it on both sides, nodding and saying that he could open a hole.
在石头上开洞是力气活，洞里被砸得叮当响，王叶和雷木就移到了洞外。
It was hard work to dig a hole in the stone, and the hole was smashed to a clang, and Wang Ye and Lei Mu moved out of the cave.
被船锚带来的人多少听船锚说了点内幕消息，在没见到药泥的真实药效前，到底还是半信半疑。但船锚跟他们说了那对外来的兄弟不但知道药泥功效，还知道怎么烧石灰，连怎么建火窑都知道，还打算教给他们。
The people brought by the anchor listened to the anchor and said some inside information, and they were still skeptical before they saw the true effect of the medicinal mud. But the anchor told them that the foreign brother not only knew the effect of the medicinal clay, but also knew how to burn lime, and even knew how to build a fire kiln, and planned to teach them.
就冲着火窑和烧石灰的方子，海沟村人也愿意供着这对兄弟俩，更何况只是帮他们修建住处这样简单的小事。
Even for the fire kiln and the lime burning recipe, the people of Haigou Village were willing to provide for the two brothers, not to mention such a simple thing as helping them build a house.
来的人干活都很卖力气，还生怕王叶和雷木不满意。 The people who came worked very hard, and they were afraid that Wang Ye and Lei Mu would not be satisfied.
王叶蹲在地上用小石子写写画画，他正在回忆火窑的建造方法。
Wang Ye squatted on the ground and wrote and drew with small stones, and he was recalling the construction method of the fire kiln.
海蛋和海崖就蹲在一边看，边看还边提问题。 The sea egg and the sea cliff squatted to the side and watched, asking questions as they watched.
村长听说王叶马上就要指点他们建造火窑，那浑身都是劲，他心里盘算着家里和亲近的人家里有哪些聪明伶俐的孩子，想多挑一些带过来让王叶看看，如果能跟着海崖海蛋两兄弟一起学那最好。
The village chief heard that Wang Ye was about to instruct them to build a fire kiln, and he was full of energy, and he was thinking about what smart and clever children there were at home and those close to him, and he wanted to pick some more and bring them over for Wang Ye to see, if he could learn with the two brothers of Haiya and Haidan, it would be the best.
村长满腹激动，看到海蛋爷爷就忍不住羡慕妒忌恨地凑过去说话：“你们家是走大运了！那对兄弟一定懂很多，最重要的是他们大方。”
The village chief was full of excitement, and when he saw Grandpa Haidan, he couldn't help but lean over and speak with envy and jealousy: "Your family is lucky!" The brothers must have understood a lot, and most importantly they were generous. ”
海蛋爷爷现在对王叶也是半点意见都没有了，还不忘叮嘱地道：“咱们就是顺手帮了那对兄弟一把，但他们兄弟回报得可是大恩，他们那石洞，咱们可得替他们好好弄弄，还有他们日常生活也得好好照顾上，如果他们不满意离开，或者不愿意教我们了，损失的可是我们。”
Grandpa Hai Dan now has no opinion on Wang Ye, and he didn't forget to tell him: "We just helped that pair of brothers, but their brothers reciprocated a great favor, their stone cave, we have to take care of it for them, and their daily life has to be taken care of, if they are not satisfied with leaving, or are unwilling to teach us, it is us who lose." ”
“那是当然。肯定给他们好好弄，弄到他们满意为止。”船锚提着一桶水过来，他在外面混过，更知道知识的重要性。
"Of course. Be sure to give them a good deal until they are satisfied. "The anchor came with a bucket of water, and he had been out there and knew the importance of knowledge.
船锚转而又道：“药泥的事暂时还是不要跟全村公开，先找些信得过的人商量一下守护崖洞的事，村里人也不都是好的，也有那偷奸耍滑的，如果让他们知道药泥的事，偷窃一点是小事，就怕他们跟外面人乱说。如果让外面人知道我们这里有好东西，最近海草岛那边又有大集，只怕我们这里……”
The anchor turned and said: "Don't make the matter of the medicine mud public to the whole village for the time being, first find some trustworthy people to discuss the matter of guarding the cliff cave, the people in the village are not all good, and there are also those who steal and play tricks, if they know about the medicine mud, stealing is a trivial matter, I am afraid that they will talk nonsense to outsiders." If you let outsiders know that we have good things here, and there is a big gathering on Seagrass Island recently, I'm afraid that we will ...... here."
村长了然，脸色也严肃起来：“你说得对，这事我们得好好商议，看要怎么守好这些药泥，还有谁来卖、怎么卖，卖出的利益又要怎么分配，都得好好想想。另外也得跟那对兄弟打个招呼，让他们离开后不要对外面人说。”
The village chief was surprised, and his face became serious: "You are right, we have to discuss this matter carefully, to see how to keep these medicinal mud, who else will sell it, how to sell it, and how to distribute the profits from the sale, we have to think about it." Also, you have to say hello to the brothers and tell them not to tell anyone outside after they leave. ”
船锚：“那就要看我们能拿出多少好东西封人家的口了。”
Anchor: "Then it depends on how many good things we can come up with." ”
村长几个倒是没想杀人灭口什么的，他们虽然没学过多少大道理，但也做不来这事。
The village chiefs didn't want to kill people or anything, although they hadn't learned much of the truth, they couldn't do it.
而且人家兄弟俩能那么随意地把药泥的事告诉他们，就说明人家根本不在乎那点东西，只要他们请求他们别对外说，想来那对大方的兄弟也不会把这事泄露出去。
Moreover, the fact that the brothers can tell them about the medicine mud so casually shows that they don't care about that thing at all, as long as they ask them not to tell the public, the generous brothers will not leak it.
王叶知道好几个火窑建造方法，琢磨了半天选了最简单也是最容易建造的一个教海沟村人。不是他不想教复杂的，而是需要的材料要么岛上没有，要么就得从头制作，比较麻烦。
Wang Ye knew several methods of building a kiln, and after pondering for a long time, he chose the simplest and easiest one to build. It's not that he doesn't want to teach the complex, but the materials he needs are either not available on the island, or he has to make them from scratch, which is more troublesome.
听说要建造火窑，改造石洞的人全都出来了，这近二十个少壮，不是村长家的，就是船锚和海蛋家里的，总之肥水不流外人田，有好处当然是自己人先上。
I heard that the fire kiln was going to be built, and the people who renovated the stone cave all came out, and these nearly twenty young people were not from the village chief's family, or from the anchor and the sea egg's family.
建造火窑的地点，船锚已经选好，就在距离崖顶石洞约有两百多米远的一个小山谷里，那里偏阴背风，两边通透，最大优点就是通风和路好走。
The anchor of the kiln has been chosen, in a small valley about 200 meters away from the clifftop cave, where it is lewd and leeward, and the two sides are transparent, and the biggest advantage is ventilation and easy walking.
船锚老早就有建造火窑的想法，只是隔行如隔山，让他操船打渔泡在水里几天都可以，但让他建造火窑，他就不知道怎么搞了。
The anchor has long had the idea of building a fire kiln, but it is like a mountain across the rows, and he can let him operate the boat to fish and soak in the water for a few days, but let him build a fire kiln, he doesn't know how to do it.
有些事看着简单，会垒砖会砌墙的人很多，可知道在哪里留空留孔、把墙砌多厚又砌成什么样、火道要怎么排的人却不多。
Some things look simple, there are many people who can build bricks and walls, but there are not many people who know where to leave empty holes, how thick and what kind of walls to build, and how to arrange the fire.
幸好海沟村来了一个王叶。 Fortunately, there was a king leaf from Trench Village.
人多力量大，有现成的指导老师，用泥巴和石头垒造一个土火窑并不是很费工夫，有些知识要点说破了就是那么回事。
There are many people, there are ready-made instructors, and it is not very laborious to build an earthen fire kiln out of mud and stones, and some knowledge points are broken down and that is the case.
第一个火窑不大，先给大家练手用。 The first kiln is not big, so let's practice it first.
火窑当天就造好了，海沟村人围着火窑兴奋不已，他们岛上也有属于自己的火窑了！最重要的是他们学会了怎么做。
The kiln was built on the same day, and the people of Trench Village were excited around the kiln, and they also had their own kiln on the island! The most important thing is that they learn how to do it.
王叶检查火窑完工状况，点评道：“这种土火窑容易塌陷，一下雨就完蛋。想要一个牢固的火窑，要么直接在土很厚实的山壁里挖洞，要么找那种黏性比较大的泥土，要么就是烧制砖头，用砖头加黏土来建造火窑。”
Wang Ye inspected the completion of the kiln and commented: "This kind of earthen kiln is easy to collapse, and it will be finished when it rains. If you want a strong kiln, you either need to dig a hole directly in the mountain wall with very thick soil, or find the kind of soil that is relatively sticky, or you can fire bricks and build a kiln with bricks and clay. ”
“黏性比较大的土是什么样的？”船锚问。 "What does the sticky soil look like?" The anchor asked.
王叶回答：“你们会制陶器吗？陶器用什么土，建火窑也可以用那种土。烧制砖头的土则不需要陶土那么好，但如果是黏性土最佳。”
Wang Ye replied, "Do you know how to make pottery?" What kind of soil is used for pottery, and what kind of soil can also be used for building fire kilns. The soil used to fire the bricks is not as good as the clay, but it is best if it is clayey. ”
王叶没提水泥的事，不说水泥的污染问题，就不远的海草村就有比水泥更好的黏合物，环保又安全，黏性上佳，就是卖得有些贵。
Wang Ye didn't mention the matter of cement, not to mention the pollution of cement, there is a better adhesive than cement in Haicao Village not far away, which is environmentally friendly and safe, and has good viscosity, but it is a little expensive to sell.
不巧，重生的王叶恰好知道海草村使用的黏合剂配方。 Unfortunately, the reborn Wang Ye happened to know the binder recipe used in Seagrass Village.
不过王叶还没决定要不要把这个配方说出来，那可是海草村致富的大秘密。上辈子海草村会被毁掉，隔壁囚犯岛是插了一脚，但真正毁掉这个村子的另有其他势力，他们只是用那些逃出来的囚犯做掩盖，而这个黏合剂配方就是导火索。
However, Wang Ye has not yet decided whether to tell this recipe or not, that is the big secret of Seagrass Village's wealth. In the previous life, Seagrass Village would have been destroyed, and the Prisoner Island next door was a kick, but there were other forces that really destroyed this village, they just used those escaped prisoners as a cover, and this adhesive formula was the fuse.
　
第23章 烧石灰和毒蛇 Chapter 23: Burnt Lime and Vipers
“你会烧陶？”村长颤抖的声音打断了王叶的思考。 "Do you know how to burn pottery?" The trembling voice of the village chief interrupted Wang Ye's thoughts.
海沟村人因为和海草村有来往，也早知道陶器是用泥巴烧出来的，但知道是一回事，知道怎么烧制又是另一回事了。没见他们村虽然家家户户有陶锅，但绝大多数人家都只有一口。
Because of their association with Seagrass Village, the people of Haigou Village also knew that pottery was made of mud, but it was one thing to know it, and it was another thing to know how to fire it. I didn't see that although every household in their village has a pottery pot, most of them only have one.
能拥有两口陶锅和几个陶碗的家庭，在村里都是富裕人家。
Families who can own two clay pots and a few clay bowls are wealthy in the village.
海沟村人曾经也试着自己烧过陶器，但最后结果也只是浪费了大量木柴、人力和时间。
The people of Trench Village have also tried to burn their own pottery, but in the end, they have only wasted a lot of firewood, manpower and time.
王叶耸耸肩：“没烧过，只知道理论，不过这个火窑除了可以烧石灰，也能烧烧砖头和陶器，只要把通风孔改造一下，另外就是烧制的时间不同，烧制物品摆放的位置也不一样，当然烧制方法也不一样。”
Wang Ye shrugged: "I haven't burned it, I only know the theory, but this kiln can not only burn lime, but also burn bricks and pottery, as long as the ventilation holes are transformed, the other thing is that the firing time is different, the position of the firing items is not the same, and of course the firing method is not the same." ”
“那就先用这土火窑烧制一窑石灰，后面就烧制砖头，等砖头烧好了，我们再用砖头加黏土建造一个更大更牢固的火窑。”船锚拍板。
"Then use this clay kiln to burn a kiln of lime, and then burn the bricks, and when the bricks are ready, we will use the bricks and clay to build a bigger and stronger kiln." Anchor clapper.
王叶没意见，反正也不要他出力，他只要动动嘴。
【玩家隔壁小王主动指点海沟村人建造火窑，以及指点火窑的升级方法，提高海沟村人的文明程度，帮助海沟村人脱贫致富，奖励经验值500点。】
【玩家隔壁小王因帮助新手村成长，获得授人以渔成就，奖励经验值200点。】
【扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家隔壁小王经验值累积达到2487点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到二级。】
【恭喜，玩家隔壁小王主动教授海沟村人建造火窑，世界声望值+100，海沟村人对玩家的好感度达到亲密。】
一连四道信息在王叶脑中响起。
王叶嘴都要笑歪了。他的推测没错，果然这才是这个游戏练级的正确方式，上辈子地球玩家全都在喊这个游戏升级太慢，就是因为他们没有掌握正确的升级方法。
这个游戏想要靠杀怪升级，那真的是太慢太慢了。偏偏副本以外的游戏世界，任务的发布率要比一般游戏少得多，而大部分任务都需要玩家自己去寻找和触发。
系统的恭喜声刚落，就见船锚大叔走了过来。
船锚拍了拍王叶的肩膀，对王叶无比亲切地道：“小家伙，大恩不言谢，你对我们村做的这些，你船锚叔和村人都记在心里了。等你身体好了，你要是愿意，叔叔带你去海里打渔。你叔叔别的本事没有，打渔、游泳、操纵船只和在海上辨识方向的本事，还算凑合。”
王叶：看！好感度刷上来了，连教导技艺的师父都主动上门了。
王叶上辈子还没学过怎么操船打渔呢，更不懂怎么在海中辨识方向和求生，听到船锚大叔有传授本领的意思，那哪能不打蛇随棍上？
“要去！要学！船锚叔一定要带上我。”
船锚大笑，揉揉小孩的脑袋，做下决定，只要这孩子想学，他就全都教，保证一点都不藏私。
不过这孩子这么小，又是药师学徒，他学这个好吗？或者教给他大哥雷木也一样？就不知道他大哥对这些渔家把式有没有兴趣了。
雷木当然也愿意多学点，不过这事不急。
火窑建造好，海沟村人就急着想要烧石灰，还是村长看出雷木表情不善，赶紧说两兄弟身上还有伤，忙了一天已经很疲累，让村人不要再缠着两人，让两人回去休息。
回到石洞，海蛋奶奶和儿媳妇一起把石洞重新打扫过了，连晚饭都做好了。
当晚，海蛋和海崖留下来吃晚饭，同时帮着守门，谁让大门还没做好，现在还开了一个窗户洞。
洞内是透气还不暗了，但安全度也大大减低。
海蛋看天还亮着，蛊惑大家一起去海边洗澡，顺便捡点海货入睡前吃。
王叶心动，他不想去赶海，他想去那边的崖洞泡药泥浴。
最后就是海蛋和海崖去洗海浴，王叶和雷木这两个伤患去泡药泥浴。
药泥精华液虽然好，但也不能多服用，王叶打算隔两天服用一次，让药效最大化，这期间则可以用药泥浴来辅佐改善身体状况。
雷木环视整个洞穴，在看到这么多珍贵的海豆芽泥后，心微微一沉，对王叶道：“怀璧其罪，如果让外面人知道这里有这样的好东西，还有这么多，这海沟岛人恐怕没什么好下场。”
好东西总需要强大武力守护，否则那下场都不太好。
王叶没心没肺地挥挥手：“那就不关我们的事了，我告诉他们，他们能否守得住就是他们的事。来来来，你躺到这些海泥里面，只要露出鼻子呼吸就好，躺上至少半小时至多一个小时再出来。衣服都脱了。”
雷木也知道这药泥对他的好处，他身上就一条长裤，这里也没女性，大大方方地脱了，赤身走进洞内深处。
王叶瞅着雷木背影特别想吹口哨，这身材太让人羡慕。雷木的肌肉大多是条形肌，这让他的身体线条看起来特别流畅，那不算细但有清楚人鱼线的腰身不管男女看得都会想要摸一把。
就是身上大小疤痕多了一些，但这没什么，他上辈子也给木头祛过疤，这辈子提前这么多年认识木头，他更能把木头的身体调理得棒棒哒，别说疤痕，就是雷木脸上那些文字刺青，如果雷木不想要，他也能给对方除得干干净净。
不过雷木脸上的文字刺青似乎和他的能力有关，也许不能祛除？
王叶对雷木脸上的刺青文字非常好奇，他问过师父，但师父没说，这辈子也许他可以直接问问雷木？
雷木忽然转头看向洞口。
王叶几乎同时勾了勾手指。
【纠缠不清】发动，无人能看见的因果线悄悄缠住洞口探头探脑的家伙的腿脚。
不管是不是认识的人，只要被他发现，那就产生了因果。
王叶手指一扯。
“哎呀！”对方一声惨叫，脸朝下，摔了个狗吃屎。
这摔的位置也不怎么好，嘴巴正好磕到了石头上。
“谁在外面？”雷木直到这时才发声。
王叶听到有人低声咒骂和爬起来跑掉的声音，那咒骂声听起来无比郁闷，显然没想到自己会突然摔跤。
对方没发现任何不对的地方，只以为自己走路没注意才会绊倒。
王叶打开因果卷，挑起刚才发生的因果线，找到源头，看清人脸和名字，当即冷冷一笑，还是个熟人。
雷木往洞口走，王叶叫住他：“不用去管，来的是那个虾子，大概是想看看我们在干什么。”
雷木以为王叶听出了对方的声音，走到洞口，看到地面有一小摊血。雷木没去追。
“这种人很麻烦。”雷木回来泡到药泥中，慢慢说道。
王叶勾起一个和小孩很不般配的邪恶笑脸：“我最不怕这种人。看他想干什么吧，只要他别后悔。”
正好他还有两个任务和虾子有关，还没完成呢。他没急着去找虾子，就是知道这人会主动把自己送到他面前。
这不就来了？而且虾子这次也许只是打探情况，毕竟村长和船锚等人的动静不小。不过虾子吃了这么一个闷亏，肯定更恨他们，必定会想要报复回来。
回到石洞，王叶把虾子来打探的事跟海崖海蛋兄弟俩说了。
海崖立刻让海蛋留下，他回村去找人。
雷木想让海崖不用这么兴师动众，他已经恢复一些，别说虾子这样的，就是船锚那样的，来十个，他也能揍趴下。
可他看王叶笑眯眯的样子，终究没有多嘴。虾子来找麻烦的事，让海沟村人知道也好。
于是，当晚船锚在入夜前也过来了，还带着村长的大孙子海耀祖。
船锚告诉两人，说村长去找虾子问话，但虾子不肯承认。村长就警告了虾子。
王叶对虾子这种人很熟悉，知道口头警告根本没用，这种人就必须打痛了才知道怕。
撇除海蛋不算，有三个青壮帮两人守夜，当晚王叶和雷木都睡得很熟，至少表面上睡得很熟。
深夜，崖顶除了风声和偶尔小石子被风吹得滚动的声音，就是一片安静。
海耀祖和海崖负责守上半夜，就坐在洞口，点了一个火堆。
两人不是第一次守夜，但这边安全的环境让两人的警惕心大大降低。
他们都不认为虾子还会再过来，船锚带着海耀祖一起过来，只不过是为了表示对王叶和雷木两人的重视。
海耀祖和海崖两人为了不吵到其他人睡觉，也不能彼此说话，只能一个削木枝玩，一个就着火光补家里的渔网。
海耀祖打了个哈气，这玩意有传染性，海崖看他打，忍不住也张嘴打了个。
两人相视无声一笑。
月亮升到中天，海崖的头颅开始一点一点。
海耀祖没推醒他，强打着精神继续削着木箭。
一条黑影赤着脚小心踩在石头上，灵活却缓慢地从石洞后方爬了上来。
海耀祖忽然抬头，看向不远处。
那里似乎有人，他感觉似乎有谁在看他。
海耀祖抓着削尖的木棍站起身，从火堆里抽出一支燃烧的木头，又轻轻踢了踢打瞌睡的海崖。
海崖一惊，身体弹起。
海耀祖手指竖到唇边，指了指他感觉有人的地方，表示要过去看看，让海崖守在原地。
海崖点头，又指了指洞内，意思要不要把洞内的人喊醒。
海耀祖摇摇头，他并没有看到确切的人影，只是有感觉，如果把人喊醒，发现是虚惊一场也不好。
海崖看着海耀祖走向黑暗。
崖顶其实不算非常暗，这里除了大大小小的石洞和石块，并没有其他遮挡物，从天空洒落的月亮和星星的光芒可以让人勉强看清身周三米以内，远处也能隐约看到一些东西。
海崖紧张地盯着海耀祖的方向，完全没有注意到他的身后，石洞上方伸出了一只手。
那只手里提着一个鱼篓。
鱼篓盖子被打开，那只手把鱼篓朝下一倒。
五六条粗细长短不一、白身黑头的蛇被倒出，蛇吐着蛇信，顺着石洞边沿滑向石洞内侧。
“谁在那边，出来！”海耀祖爆喝响起。
海崖立刻冲了过去。
石洞内，雷木和船锚同时睁开眼睛。
王叶身体动了动，感觉到身边熟悉的味道和体温，还感到一双温暖的手掌盖住他的眼睛，他就放心地任由自己坠落梦乡。
海蛋睡得四仰八叉，还打着小呼噜，半点没有醒来的迹象。
“我出去看看。”船锚低声对雷木说道，随后就握住武器起身，向洞外走去。
雷木眼睛微微发亮，他觉得自己听到了什么。
这一刻，雷木把自己的耳力放大。
砰砰的心跳声，呼呼的呼吸声，嘶嘶……这是？！
雷木的眼睛看到了一条……不止一条弯曲游动的能量体。
蛇！
“船锚，别动！你脚边上就有一条蛇。”雷木提醒。
船锚抬起的脚掌凝固住。
王叶的眼睛也啪地睁开。
第24章 飘嘛飘
“等着，等它离开。”
雷木起身，蓄势待发。在一条蛇快要游到海蛋身边时，他猛地探身，一把抓住蛇尾，再用力一甩，甩的那条蛇无法回转蛇头咬他，再抓紧蛇尾朝地上猛力一砸。
蛇被砸死。
雷木伸手又去抓第二条蛇，同时告知船锚可以把脚掌放下，并让他向洞外跑。
那几条蛇全都游向了洞内。
“小叶子，海蛋，醒醒。有蛇！至少还有五条。”雷木喊，顺手抓起放在一边的木棍。
“醒了。不用管我。”王叶后悔没在洞内也点一个火堆，搞得现在两眼摸黑，什么都看不见。
而那些游进洞的蛇也没有谁主观上想要咬他，这导致他无法料敌先制。
王叶不解，他在洞里撒了防蛇虫的药，为什么还有蛇游进来？
“海蛋！”王叶捏住小孩鼻子，又用力推搡，小孩子最难叫起来了。
海蛋终于醒来，可醒来后仍旧迷迷糊糊，被王叶连喊了几声有毒蛇，才嗷的一嗓子叫出来，彻底清醒了。
“出去，到洞外，不要留在洞内。海蛋往左边两步，直行跑出去。小叶子你往右边过来三步，然后别动。”雷木厉喝。
海蛋也遇到过毒蛇，听到吩咐，很听话地就照样做了。
王叶握住木棍，往雷木靠近。
幸好船锚经验丰富，冲向洞口，又拿着几支火把冲了进来。
洞内一下变得明亮不少。
“白身黑头，这是黑头蛇！”船锚声音满含怒意和些微惊慌，他不怕蛇，但那只限于身边只有一两条蛇，可现在洞里却有五六条蛇。而且洞里那么暗，蛇躲在暗处，根本防不胜防。
“毒蛇？”王叶确认。
“对。这是岛上一种常见毒蛇，毒得很，被咬到如果半天内不能服下解药，之后再服下解药也没用。大家先出去，不要留在里面。”船锚的建议和雷木一模一样。
船锚还把两支火把分给王叶和雷木，让他们弯着腰在脚边挥舞，这样可以让蛇避开。
“洞里撒了驱蛇药。”王叶道。
船锚一边小心地上游走的毒蛇，一边摇头：“驱蛇药也不是绝对，我们村就有不少人家在家里撒了蛇药，但还是会有蛇溜进来，有运气不好的还有被咬的。”
“是吗。”王叶总觉得有点不对劲，忽然问：“虾子和他哥鲨鱼会抓蛇吗？”
船锚一愣：“岛上毒蛇不少，大家基本都会一手抓蛇的本领，只不过有人强有人弱。你怀疑是虾子放的蛇？”
船锚不等王叶回答，就摇头道：“不可能。那小子虽然不干好事，但我们都还在这里，他没这个胆子。”
“如果不是人为，怎么可能在撒了蛇药的情况下一下子游进来五六条毒蛇？是不是虾子，查查就知道。”王叶冷声道。
船锚还以为王叶是让他们回村里查，答应道：“好，等明天回村我就查查虾子晚上是否在家。”
王叶有了照明就有了用武之地，看准一条毒蛇，施展【冤冤相报】，力气变大，木棍头飞快向蛇头下方打去。
黑头蛇七寸被打中。
打蛇捉蛇就要胆子大，只要胆子大、看得准、动作快，毒蛇并不比其他野兽可怕到哪里。
王叶用脚踩住木棍，抄起一块石头就砸向蛇脑袋。
黑头蛇的脑袋被砸得稀烂。
王叶丢下石头，打开别人看不见的因果卷，挑起刚刚缠到他身上的因果线。
顺着这条因果线找到那条蛇，再从那条蛇身上的因果线找到释放蛇的人……如果有这个人的话。
因果卷告诉他，就是有这个人，还就是船锚口中认为没这个胆子的虾子。
船锚可不知道王叶有因果卷在手，凡是想害他的人再怎么躲都没用。
上辈子，就有人表面和王叶称兄道弟，暗地里则为了利益谋害他，可对方往往还没把阴谋彻底完成就发现自己栽了。这些人到死都搞不清楚王叶是怎么知道他们在害他。
王叶很生气，不是因为虾子敢用毒蛇来害他们，而是生气自己的自大和轻敌。
虽然雷木提前发现了毒蛇，他也有因果卷能知道是谁在背后谋害他们。
但如果他和雷木的伤势都还没有好，今晚也没有这么多人守夜，最后会发生什么事，谁能确定？
他怎么敢就睡得那么熟？怎么敢全部依赖别人？而且除了防守的人，他怎么敢其他什么准备都没做，就撒一点蛇药和防蚊虫的药？
“啪！”王叶狠狠甩了自己一个耳光。
这是他重生以来打自己的第二个耳光。
重生后，就算没说出来，但他的潜意识难免抱了几分“自己是天选之子”的骄傲和得意。
都能重生了，不是天选之子又是什么？
飘飘然，有。欣喜若狂，有。自得，有。
而他上辈子什么时候敢这样骄傲自大过？他哪怕成了别人口中的大佬，面对一个小混混都不敢大意，因为他自己就是从小混混爬上来的，最知道这种人能干出什么事。
他从不小瞧任何人，哪怕对方是婴儿、是老人、是病弱残疾。
可重生后呢？
他可以不把自己伪装成一个真正的小孩，毕竟早熟早慧的孩子多得是，但他也不能真把自己当做老天爷的亲儿子。
否则他这辈子指不定能死得比上辈子还早。
他死了没关系，要是再次拖累木头和师父，还有姑姑怎么办？
雷木和船锚都吓了一跳。
雷木怒，一把抓住他的手：“你好好地打自己干什么？”
王叶面无表情道：“因为爸爸没有保护好你，爸爸自大了。”
雷木……嘴角抽了抽，都不知道该气还是该笑。
船锚忍笑，打圆场：“好了好了，这不是没事吗？蛇还在呢，我们先出去。”
雷木也道：“先出去，抓蛇也等明天白天再说。”
雷木刚刚发现一个很有趣的现象，那些游进来的蛇并没有寻找温暖的人体，而是游向了洞内的水池处，现在那些还活着的蛇都集中到了水池水眼那里，团成一团就不动了。
动物总是比人对能量更敏感，也许它们一开始被人放进来的目的是害人，但这些蛇又没有被控制，进来后发现让它们感觉到舒服的能量，那还不一起投奔过去占领？
王叶打开因果卷，挑起他和虾子之间的因果线。
放了毒蛇就想跑？做梦！
我让你怎么跑的，就怎么给我回来。
【纠缠不清】和【自投罗网】同时发动。
虾子正踩着石头往下溜，他很想留下看看结果，但他也怕被人发现。
溜下石洞顶端，虾子心里得意洋洋，心想那么多条毒蛇，又是晚上，不定就咬谁一口。
Slipping down to the top of the stone cave, the shrimp was triumphant, thinking that there were so many poisonous snakes, and it was night, and he might not be able to bite anyone.
不管咬到谁，他都开心。 No matter who bites, he is happy.
那几个人都和他有仇。 They all had enmity against him.
虾子原本没想到石洞口晚上还有人守夜，当时看到海耀祖和海崖坐在那里，还想着要不要放弃。
Shrimp didn't expect that there would be a vigil at the mouth of the stone cave at night, but when he saw Hai Yaozu and Haiya sitting there, he thought about whether to give up.
可没想到海耀祖突然发现人踪，跑到另一边去了，海崖的注意力也被吸引。
Unexpectedly, Hai Yaozu suddenly found a trace of someone and ran to the other side, and Haiya's attention was also attracted.
虾子狂喜，认定这是海神爷爷在帮助他。 Shrimp is ecstatic and thinks that this is Grandpa Poseidon helping him.
可惜不能第一时间知道有谁被毒蛇咬伤，如果有人因此被毒死就好了。虾子恶毒地想。
It's a pity that you can't know who has been bitten by a poisonous snake at the first time, and it would be nice if someone was poisoned because of it. Shrimp thought viciously.
但没关系，等到明天，他跟着村人一起过来看“热闹”就知道，无论是船锚还是那对“贵客”，被毒蛇咬可都是大事。
But it doesn't matter, when he comes to see the "liveliness" with the villagers tomorrow, he will know that whether it is the anchor or the pair of "distinguished guests", being bitten by a poisonous snake is a big deal.
“哎呀！”虾子突然感觉脚腕一紧，有什么勒住了他的脚腕。
"Oops!" Shrimp suddenly felt a tightening of his ankle, and something strangled his ankle.
他想往前进，但有什么古怪的力量拖着他往后拽。 He wanted to move forward, but something strange was dragging him back.
虾子那时一只脚踩在石头上，一只脚踩在石头和石头的缝隙里。
The shrimp had one foot on the stone and the other foot in the gap between the stone and the stone.
这么一拽一绊，他压根稳不住自己的身体，大叫一声就倒了下来。
With such a tug, he couldn't stabilize his body at all, and fell down with a scream.
咔嚓。
“啊啊啊！”虾子凄声惨叫，他的脚踝好痛！ "Ahhh The shrimp screamed miserably, his ankle hurt so much!
这时他根本顾不上会不会被人发现，这种疼痛正常人根本无法忍受。
At this time, he didn't care if he would be discovered, and this kind of pain was unbearable for normal people.
海耀祖和海崖听到声音就跑了过来。 Hai Yaozu and Haiya ran over when they heard the sound.
“虾子，是你！”海耀祖举着火把怒吼。
海崖直接扑过来，扭住不断惨叫的虾子。 The sea cliff pounced directly and twisted the shrimp that kept screaming.
虾子不止是折断的脚踝疼，他感到自己的灵魂像是被什么撕扯了一样，他想去某个地方，非常想去。
Shrimp didn't just break his ankle, he felt like his soul was being torn apart by something, he wanted to go somewhere, he wanted to go very much.
但那个地方是石洞内部，他本能的又不想去。 But that place was inside the cave, and he instinctively didn't want to go.
这种互相拉扯的精神折磨让他头疼如裂，抱住脑袋恨不得拿脑袋撞墙。
This kind of mental torture pulling each other gave him a headache, and he hugged his head and wanted to hit his head against the wall.
海耀祖和海崖都不知道虾子发生了什么事，但这不妨碍他们把虾子拖回石洞前空地。
Neither Hai Yaozu nor Sea Cliff knew what had happened to the shrimp, but that didn't stop them from dragging the shrimp back to the clearing in front of the stone cave.
六个人围住了虾子。 Six people surrounded the shrimp.
虾子来到石洞口，头疼总算不那么剧烈。 When the shrimp came to the mouth of the stone cave, the headache was finally not so intense.
这时候他也有心思开始动脑筋，反正打死他都不会承认那些黑头蛇是他放的。
At this time, he also had the mind to start using his brain, and he wouldn't admit that he had let those black-headed snakes go anyway.
船锚看到虾子，酱色的脸气成黑色。 When the anchor saw the shrimp, the sauce-colored face turned black.
雷木脚动，要给虾子一个教训。王叶抓住他的手，对他暗中摇摇头，示意这种事就交给他们本村的人处置。
Lei Mu moved his feet to teach the shrimp a lesson. Wang Ye grabbed his hand and shook his head at him secretly, signaling that this kind of matter would be left to the people of their village.
雷木越发觉得小叶子不像小孩子。 Lei Mu felt more and more that Xiao Ye was not like a child.
但转眼王叶就做了小孩子才会做的事，他捡起几块石头，用力往虾子砸去，边砸边骂：“坏蛋！让你害人！砸死你！”
But in a blink of an eye, Wang Ye did what only a child would do, he picked up a few stones, smashed them hard, and scolded while smashing: "Bad guy!" Let you hurt people! Stoned you! ”
虾子被砸得破口大骂。这死孩子力气贼大，砸得他疼死了。
The shrimp was smashed and scolded. This dead boy had a lot of strength, and he was so hurt that he died.
海蛋也跳起来，用更大的嗓音指着虾子骂：“虾子，你偷人东西不算，得了教训不知道收敛，你还敢过来害人？”
Hai Dan also jumped up, pointed at the shrimp in a louder voice and scolded: "Shrimp, you don't count stealing people's things, you don't know how to converge after you get a lesson, you still dare to come over and harm people?" ”
“滚你的蛋！”虾子呸出一口带血的唾沫：“我就过来转转，我什么时候害人了？小逼崽子别随便冤枉人！”
"!" The shrimp spat out a mouthful of bloody saliva: "I'll just come over and take a look, when did I hurt someone?" Little bastard, don't just wronged people! ”
海崖眼神变得阴冷。 Sea Cliff's eyes became gloomy.
“你才是小……”海蛋学不来那样的脏话，气得跳脚：“不是你还有谁？你身上还带着一个空鱼篓，不就是装蛇的。被我们抓到了还不承认。”
"You are the little ......" Hai Dan couldn't learn such a dirty word, so he jumped to his feet angrily: "Who else is it not you?" You also have an empty fish basket on you, isn't it for snakes? We didn't admit it if we caught it. ”
“就不是我！你们这些瘪犊子烂崽子小娘养的……” "It's not me! You deflated calves and rotten little mothers raised ......"
王叶听虾子骂得难听，又抓起几块石头砸过去。 Wang Ye listened to the shrimp's scolding, and grabbed a few stones and threw them over.
海蛋仗着他年龄也还小，跟着王叶一起砸。 Hai Dan relied on his young age and smashed it with Wang Ye.
虾子被砸得不住惨叫，就这样他还不忘威胁：“砸死我了，我的脚被砸断了，我要找黑猪奶奶，赶紧送我回村找黑猪奶奶，否则我就告诉我哥，说你们砸断我的脚也不给我治。我将来要是变成瘸子，你们就得管我一辈子！”
The shrimp was smashed and screamed, so he didn't forget to threaten: "Stoned me, my foot was broken, I want to find Grandma Black Pig, send me back to the village to find Grandma Black Pig, otherwise I will tell my brother, saying that you will break my foot and not treat me." If I become lame in the future, you will have to control me for the rest of my life!" ”
“呸！还管你一辈子，我砸死你，帮你埋坑里好不好！”海蛋还要骂，海崖拉住他，上前就要揍虾子。
"Phew! I don't care about you for the rest of my life, I'll stone you to death and help you bury it in the pit! Hai Dan still wanted to scold, but Haiya grabbed him and stepped forward to beat the shrimp.
船锚先一步走到虾子身边，肌肉虬结的手臂用力一挥。 The anchor walked over to the shrimp first, and waved his muscular arm vigorously.
虾子被扇懵了，吐出一口血，捂着脸不可置信地瞪向船锚，嘴里还含糊道：“你打我，你竟然敢打我……”
The shrimp was stunned, spit out a mouthful of blood, covered his face and glared at the anchor in disbelief, and said vaguely: "You hit me, you dare to hit me......"
“打的就是你这个畜生！竟然用毒蛇害人！”船锚面色阴沉，他以前就被人用毒物害过，最恨就是有人用这种下作手段害人。
"It's you brute who hits you! He actually used poisonous snakes to harm people! "The anchor's face was gloomy, he had been poisoned before, and he hated it the most.
以前虾子在村里偷鸡摸狗，但也不敢做太过分的事，他看在鲨鱼的份上，对虾子只是小惩大诫，到底没下狠手。
In the past, the shrimp stole chickens and dogs in the village, but he didn't dare to do too much, he saw that for the sake of the shark, the shrimp was just a small punishment, and he didn't be ruthless in the end.
没想到虾子竟然发展到用毒蛇来害人的程度。 I didn't expect shrimp to develop to the extent of using poisonous snakes to harm people.
船锚不止想抽他，还想踹死他。 The anchor not only wanted to smoke him, but also wanted to kick him to death.
“走，先回村。要处理也要在村里处理，带上那些蛇，让全村人都看看这畜生干了什么事。”海耀祖怒，同时也提醒船锚。
"Let's go, go back to the village first. If you want to deal with it, you have to deal with it in the village, take those snakes, and let the whole village see what this beast has done. Hai Yaozu was angry, and at the same time reminded the anchor.
“我没有我不是！你们冤枉人！你们根本没证据！我要找我哥，啊啊啊，我的腿断了，我牙齿掉了，我头疼我浑身都疼，都是你们害的，我哥不会放过你们。”虾子开始胡搅蛮缠，满地打滚地乱喊。
"I don't have it, I'm not! You have wronged people! You have no proof! I'm looking for my brother, ahhhh The shrimp began to mess around, rolling and shouting all over the ground.
船锚一脚踹到虾子身上。 The anchor kicked the shrimp.
虾子被踹得不敢再胡乱喊叫，只敢小声哔哔，说他们冤枉他，又说他哥能给他作证，他就是来这边耍耍，说要处置他必须要当着他哥的面。
The shrimp was kicked so that he didn't dare to shout indiscriminately, but dared to beep quietly, saying that they had wronged him, and that his brother could testify against him, and that he had come here to play tricks, saying that he had to deal with him in front of his brother.
“当着你哥的面又怎样？你以为你哥是谁？别说是你哥，就是你爷复活来说都没用。”船锚恨声道：“这次谁也别想庇护你，你哥要是连这事都护着你，那他也不必留在我们村了！”
"What about in front of your brother? Who do you think your brother is? Don't say it's your brother, it's useless to say that your father is resurrected. The anchor said hatefully: "No one wants to protect you this time, if your brother even protects you in this matter, then he doesn't have to stay in our village!" ”
“船锚你敢！”虾子恨极，他现在最恨的人不是王叶，而是船锚了。同时他也害怕万分，就怕被村规处罚，现在只有祈祷他哥能救他。
"Anchor, you dare!" Shrimp hates it very much, and the person he hates most now is not Wang Ye, but the anchor. At the same time, he was also very afraid, he was afraid of being punished by the village rules, and now he could only pray that his brother could save him.
“你看我敢不敢。”船锚冷笑，又是一脚踹过去。 "You see if I dare." The anchor sneered and kicked it over again.
踹得虾子再也不敢哔哔，眼泪鼻涕流了满脸。 Kicking the shrimp no longer dared to beep, tears and snot flowed all over his face.
船锚喘气平息怒火，对王叶和雷木满脸歉意地道：“抱歉村里出了这种人。放心，不管他想对你们干什么都别想得逞，村里会处置他，如果你们不放心，可以跟过去看看。”
The anchor gasped to calm his anger, and said apologetically to Wang Ye and Lei Mu: "I'm sorry that there are such people in the village. Don't worry, no matter what he wants to do to you, don't think about it, the village will deal with him, if you don't feel at ease, you can go over and have a look. ”
王叶没兴趣看虾子和他哥表演，就懒懒地摆摆手：“不用了。你们也不用感到抱歉，哪个地方没有坏人？这种二流子，该怎么惩治就怎么惩治。就是看他那样子，做这种事恐怕不是第一次。你们村也许应该好好查查以前有多少人被毒蛇咬伤，又有哪些是得罪了虾子和他哥的。”
Wang Ye wasn't interested in watching Shrimp and his brother perform, so he waved his hand lazily: "No need." You don't have to be sorry, but there are no bad people in any place. This kind of second-rate person should be punished as much as he wants. It's just that looking at him like that, I'm afraid it's not the first time I've done this kind of thing. Your village should probably do a good job of finding out how many people have been bitten by poisonous snakes before, and which ones have offended Shrimp and his brother. ”
船锚和其他人听到这段话都像是被雷击了一样，大家全都不可置信地看向虾子。
Anchor and the others heard this as if they had been struck by lightning, and everyone looked at the shrimp in disbelief.
海沟村人不说生性质朴，但他们生活圈狭窄，平时极少有勾心斗角的事发生，就是彼此有恩怨，也大多都是直来直往地抱怨和干架，真的极少有人在背后玩阴的害人。
The people of Haigou Village do not say that they are simple in nature, but their life circle is narrow, and there are very few intrigues and intrigues in ordinary times, even if they have grievances with each other, most of them complain and fight directly, and there are really very few people who play behind their backs.
海崖阴沉着脸，他恨虾子欺负过弟，恨鲨鱼排挤过他哥，当场就说：“我就说这两年村里怎么有好些人被蛇咬了，这次数可比往年都高得多。”
Haiya's face was gloomy, he hated the shrimp for bullying his brother, hated the shark for crowding out his brother, and said on the spot: "I'll just say how many people in the village have been bitten by snakes in the past two years, and this time the number is much higher than in previous years." ”
船锚脸黑成了炭，一指虾子，怒喝：“我不管你哥是谁，只要你敢做，我就会全问出来！敢害人，就让你偿命！”
虾子顿时吓得软成一团，他的事可不经查。
虾子被怒气冲天的船锚和海耀祖带走。
海崖和海蛋留下。海耀祖说好等会儿会送黑头蛇的解药过来，以防万一。
王叶还跑到海耀祖说是发现有人的地方看了一圈。
他在那里找到了几个眼熟的鞋印。这次鞋底没占东西，但踩到砂砾地上，还是留下了印记。
雷木跟过来，也蹲下看，看到鞋印就猜测道：“是那个住在药泥洞的神秘人？”
王叶眯了眯眼睛，他之前还以为引开守夜人注意力的是鲨鱼，但看虾子被抓被打，鲨鱼也没出来，就知道不是了，这也是他特意跑来查探这边的原因。
“九成是。而且这人很可能是个瘸子，有只脚踩得很重，没办法自控。地面还有些拖拽的痕迹。”
如果他推测没错，今晚一共来了两个人，一个是神秘人，一个是虾子。只不过王叶也不确定两人同时来到是巧合，还是预谋。
不过他更倾向于两人是分别行动，因为刚才只有虾子和他之间有了因果关系，那神秘人并没有对他们动手的意思。否则如果神秘人和虾子联合，两人就是共谋，刚才他就能通过那条蛇找到虾子、再找到和虾子相关联的神秘人。
王叶打量鞋印留下的方向，看向悬崖那条小路。
他猜也许那神秘人是想回去药泥洞，他可能也感觉到那药泥洞内的烂泥的好处，这也说明那个神秘人很可能受伤了。
接下来的半夜无风无波，很安静地度过。中间海耀祖回来了一次，来了就没走。
次日一大早村长就带人过来。
昨晚村里很多人都没睡好。
船锚和村长等人连夜审问虾子，虾子一开始还抵赖，死活不承认蛇是他放的，还闹着要见他哥。
船锚就把鲨鱼带来了……
村长到的时候，王叶和雷木正在烤蛇段，他们早上进洞把剩下的黑头蛇都抓了。
虽说这些蛇也比较冤枉，但它们占着水眼不肯离开，两人又不想和毒蛇共存，只能解决它们。
海崖、海蛋和海耀祖正在补眠，三人昨晚都没睡好。
村长见到王叶和雷木的面，面色十分羞愧，不住赔礼道歉。
虾子做的事太不可饶恕，这种行为已经踩过海沟村人能原谅的底线。
之前村长还怀疑虾子是在打探药泥的事，但质问他的时候并没有提到药泥，他怕他的多言反而会让虾子意识到那个药泥洞的重要性。
所以他只斥责虾子让他不要骚扰村中贵客，否则就村规教训。
谁想到虾子当着他的面赌咒发誓说他不会找贵客的麻烦，结果晚上就带着毒蛇去害人。
村长昨晚气得想把虾子直接打死。
虾子的事还没处理完，村里打算公审，让全村人来审判虾子，继而决定对虾子的处置结果。鲨鱼也同意了。
这时间被安排在后天。
村长有他的想法，他想等石灰烧出来后，让村人看到王叶雷木两人对村子的帮助，再处置虾子。免得有些人就因为虾子是村里人，王叶和雷木是外来人，就想对虾子重拿轻放。
村长邀请雷木王叶两人到时去看处置结果。
雷木摆手，表示他们相信村里的规矩，虾子按照村规该怎么处置就怎么处置，他和王叶不会多管。
王叶也安抚村长，表示虾子害人只是他的个人行为，和整个海沟村无关。又说什么地方都有这样的害群之马，让村长不用太介意。
村长见这兄弟俩如此大度，更加觉得对不起两人。
“好了，多话不说，我们今天就用贝壳来烧石灰吧。”王叶岔开话题。
村长连声道：“好好好，我们今天就烧石灰。”
跟来的村人也都在等待看那个外来的小家伙要怎么把贝壳烧成石灰。
比起处置虾子这样的小事，村人们更关心能给他们带来源源不断利益的火窑和石灰。
以前海沟村人不知道贝壳能用，那贝壳都是随手扔，有一处不小的海滩上就全是他们扔的贝壳。
如果他们一直不动这些贝壳，也许再过个千八百年，这些贝壳就会在海浪冲刷下化作白色的砂砾，成为世间又一美景。
现在嘛，就见一队海沟村人挑着箩筐过来，把这里积累的大量贝壳往火窑点运。
这事动静不小，到底没能瞒住其他海沟村人。村长也没想瞒，否则他那么大张旗鼓干什么？
在众人追问下，村长假装迫不得已说出那外来两兄弟对村子的帮助。
村民一听那对外来兄弟竟然拿出了这么多好处，纷纷嚷嚷要加入，还让村长几家不要把好处都给占了。
村长一副无可奈何的模样，说这事既然瞒不下去，那就找村老一起商量，看有多少人想要跟着学建造火窑和烧石灰、烧砖，乃至以后烧陶的本事。
村人一听那外来兄弟俩竟然连烧陶都会，大哗，全都坐不住了，都催着喊着让村长赶紧召集村人共同商讨。
船锚出面，让大家不要太贪心，说这是那对外来兄弟的本事，人家愿意教谁就教谁。
村长就打圆场，说那对兄弟人极好，因为感念某些村人对他们的帮助和收留，完全不介意把这些本事传授给更多村人。
村人们这才安心，知道海蛋家人和那对兄弟关系好，都跑过去和他们说好话，又请村长帮忙讲情。
村长见此，在心里哼了哼。白送上门的不值钱，他就是要让村人自己出来争抢，否则加入进来都当白来的，干活都不会卖力气。
现在大家为了多占好处、多学点技能，那干活还能不卖死力气？
Now in order to take advantage of more benefits and learn more skills, can you still sell your strength to work?
等见到火窑和石灰等实物，村人们又怎能不对拿出技术的王叶雷木两兄弟心怀感激？
When they saw the kiln and lime and other physical objects, how could the villagers not be grateful to the two brothers Wang Ye Leimu who had come up with the technology?
老谋深算的村长和扮黑脸的船锚暗中相视一笑。 The scheming village chief and the blackface anchor secretly smiled at each other.
用火窑烧贝壳，因为聚热高，烧的速度很快。 Shells are burned in a fire kiln because of the high heat accumulation and the speed of burning.
一窑贝壳很快就烧好了。 A kiln of shells was quickly fired.
这时火窑外聚集了半个村子的人，凡是没事又能走得动的人全都来了。
At this time, half of the village gathered outside the kiln, and all those who were okay and could walk all came.
五六百人几乎把这个小山谷包围起来。 Five or six hundred men almost surrounded this small valley.
王叶让人打开窑门，从里面把烧得酥脆的贝壳取出来，放到事先准备好的坑中，再在坑里浇上清水。
Wang Ye asked people to open the door of the kiln, take out the crispy shells from the inside, put them in the pit prepared in advance, and then pour water into the pit.
水和石灰起了反应，原本还保持形状的贝壳自动溶解，慢慢就变成了一团灰白色的泥状物。
The water reacts with the lime, and the shell, which had retained its shape, dissolves automatically, slowly turning into a grayish-white muddy mass.
王叶看着坑内变化，又让人加了一点水，等反应差不多，再人工搅拌一番。
Wang Ye looked at the changes in the pit, and asked people to add a little water, and when the reaction was almost the same, he would manually stir it.
“好了，这就是石灰。”王叶又跟大家解说了一番生石灰和熟石灰的区别，重点说明石灰的好处。
"Okay, that's Lime." Wang Ye explained the difference between quicklime and hydrated lime again, focusing on the benefits of lime.
石灰有种种用途，只吸潮这一点就足够让海沟村人重视这东西。
Lime has various uses, and the mere fact that it absorbs moisture is enough to make the people of Trench pay attention to it.
更不要说石灰还有其他纷多好处，医用上能杀虫解毒、治疗疽疡癞疾、蚀疮去腐等等。建筑上可以刷墙增白去湿防虫、和泥土搅拌做地基之类。种田上可以杀虫、当肥料、给植株防寒保暖等。就是做食物，它也有用，清石灰水能让果胶类食物凝固，还能去除一些食物的毒性。
Not to mention that lime has many other benefits, such as insecticidal and detoxification, treatment of scabies, sores and rot, etc. On the building, you can brush the wall to whiten and remove moisture and prevent insects, and mix with soil to make a foundation. In farming, it can be used to kill insects, use as fertilizer, and keep plants warm from the cold. Even when it is used as food, it is also useful, clear lime water can make pectin foods coagulate, and it can also remove some food toxicity.
而贝壳烧出来的石灰可以直接使用在食物中。 The lime from the shells can be used directly in food.
“这么好的东西，这么简单就烧出来了？”好多村人不相信。
"Such a good thing, so easy to burn out?" Many villagers don't believe it.
“再简单，没人告诉你，你也不知道啊。” "No matter how simple it is, no one tells you, and you don't know."
“是啊，谁能想到那些不能吃不能穿的贝壳竟然还有这么一个用处。”
"yes, who would have thought that those shells that can't be eaten or worn would have such a use."
“这么说以后我们也能随便烧石灰用了？” "So we can burn lime as much as we like in the future?"
“不但能自己用，我们还能带到海草村去卖。” "Not only can we use it ourselves, but we can also take it to Seagrass Village and sell it."
海沟村人越说越兴奋，似乎看到漫天的铜币向他们砸过来。
The more the people of Trench Village talked, the more excited they became, as if they saw the copper coins in the sky smashing at them.
【玩家隔壁小王主动向海沟村人指点贝壳烧石灰的方法，并说明石灰的各种用途，进一步提高了海沟村人的文明建设程度，并一定程度帮助海沟村脱贫致富，奖励经验值200点。】
[The player next door Xiao Wang took the initiative to point out the method of burning lime in shells to the people of Haigou Village, and explained the various uses of lime, which further improved the civilization construction of the people of Haigou Village, and helped Haigou Village get rid of poverty and become rich to a certain extent, rewarding 200 experience points. 】
王叶咧嘴笑。之前就因为他说了贝壳能烧石灰的事，游戏就奖励了他三百点经验值，如今指导他们实质烧出来，又奖励了两百点。也算回报丰厚。
Wang Ye grinned. Before, because he said that shells can burn lime, the game rewarded him with 300 experience points, and now he instructed them to actually burn them, and rewarded him with another 200 points. It's also a great reward.
最让他高兴的是接下来的通告。 What pleased him the most was the announcement that followed.
【恭喜，玩家隔壁小王主动教授海沟村人烧制石灰，世界声望值100，海沟村人对玩家的好感度达到尊敬。】
[Congratulations, Xiao Wang next door to the player took the initiative to teach the people of Trench Village to burn lime, the world reputation value is 100, and the favorability of the people of Trench Village towards the player has reached respect. 】
不枉他辛辛苦苦（？）刷好感度，总算把好感度刷到了尊敬。
It's not in vain that he worked so hard (?) Brush the favorability, and finally brush the favorability to respect.
那么好感度达到尊敬会怎样？ So what happens when favorability reaches respect?
王叶很快就体会到了。 Wang Ye quickly realized.
村长给王叶两人送来了大量新鲜肉食，其中就有海沟岛特有的驯化黑猪肉，还有对于海沟村人都十分珍贵的小米。
The village chief sent a large amount of fresh meat to Wang Ye and the others, including domesticated black pork unique to Trench Island, and millet, which is very precious to the people of Trench Village.
小米还是去年的海草村大集，村长咬牙买的。 Millet was still last year's seagrass village gathering, and the village chief gritted his teeth to buy it.
有粉果在，海沟岛人就没有再种植其他主食，像米面之类在外面大陆上常见的主食，在他们这里只有到海草岛去买。
With the presence of powdered fruits, the people of Trench Island did not grow other staple foods, such as rice noodles and other staple foods that are common on the mainland outside, and they had to go to Seagrass Island to buy them.
这种外来的食物不管口味如何，价格都比较贵。他们村买来一般都用在婚嫁时充面子用，或者顶多给老人孩子买点尝尝味儿。
This exotic food is more expensive regardless of the taste. They buy it in their village and generally use it to save face at the time of marriage, or at most buy some for the elderly and children to taste.
村长觉得王叶和雷木应该更习惯米面的味道，就把家里剩下的小米都拎过来了。
The village chief felt that Wang Ye and Lei Mu should be more accustomed to the taste of rice noodles, so he brought all the remaining millet from the house.
不止村长，船锚、海蛋一家，还有其他人，几乎海沟岛大半人家都给王叶他们送来东西，不拘多少，一条咸鱼几个贝壳也是他们的心意。
Not only the village chief, but also the anchor and sea egg family, and other people, almost half of the people on Trench Island sent things to Wang Ye and them, no matter how many, a salted fish and a few shells are also their hearts.
石洞内部还没弄好，王叶不得不把这些东西另找了隔壁一个比较干净的石洞放起来。
The inside of the stone cave had not yet been completed, so Wang Ye had to find a relatively clean stone cave next door to put these things away.
村人见石洞还在改造中，能来帮忙的人都来了。不大的石洞，里里外外都是人。
The villagers saw that the stone cave was still being renovated, and everyone who could come to help came. It's a small stone cave, full of people inside and out.
人多还是有人多的好处的，石洞一天一个样。 There are still many people who have the advantage of having more people, and the stone cave is the same every day.
海蛋爷爷负责指挥，忙得满头汗。但海蛋爷爷忙得特别高兴，有些王叶没要求的，他也趁着人多好办事，给王叶一起弄了。
Grandpa Hai Dan was in charge of the command and was so busy that he was sweating. But Grandpa Haidan was very happy, and there were some things that Wang Ye didn't ask for, so he also took advantage of the number of people to do things and got them for Wang Ye together.
改造石洞期间，海蛋爷爷邀请两人到他家养伤，被两人婉拒。
这天，吃过午饭没多久，王叶就收到了游戏系统提示，两个关于虾子的任务完成了，他获得了满额两百点经验值的奖励。
根据任务提示，虾子被村子判处了死刑，其兄鲨鱼也决定带家人离开村子。
详细经过王叶不晓得，对此很是好奇。他还以为虾子顶多被打一顿，严重点就是废掉一条胳膊或一条腿，要么就被驱逐出村，没想到竟被判了死刑这么严重。
王叶的好奇没有维持多久，很快就有人来告诉他虾子和鲨鱼两兄弟的处理结果。
村长和船锚都没来，他们需要留在村里处理后续的事，同时也要把药泥的事透露给村里一些关键人物，再商量这药泥的具体保护和利益分配方法。
来的是海蛋爷爷，现在海蛋爷爷看王叶已经不止是顺眼，和他说话也变得温和无比。
“你不用担心了，虾子以后再也不会害人了。”说着，海蛋爷爷还摸了摸小孙子的脑袋。当初海蛋也受过虾子的欺负，可因为鲨鱼在里面搅和，弄得他们家想教训虾子也不好出手，这次可算是出了这口气。
"You don't have to worry anymore, shrimp will never hurt people again." As he spoke, Grandpa Haidan also touched his little grandson's head. At the beginning, Hai Dan was also bullied by the shrimp, but because the shark was stirring up in it, it was difficult for their family to teach the shrimp a lesson, and this time it can be regarded as a breath.
“爷爷，虾子和鲨鱼怎样了，快说快说。”海蛋催促他爷爷。
"Grandpa, what's wrong with the shrimp and sharks, tell me quickly." Hai Dan urged his grandfather.
海蛋爷爷冷哼一声：“没什么好说的，虾子根子就长歪了，竟然用毒蛇害人。村里这两年死了两个被黑头蛇咬死的年轻人，现在查出来都是虾子干的，就因为他们发现虾子欺负他们姐妹，说虾子痴心妄想，还打过虾子。”
Grandpa Haidan snorted coldly: "There's nothing to say, the roots of the shrimp are crooked, and they actually use poisonous snakes to harm people." In the past two years, two young people in the village who were bitten to death by black-headed snakes have died, and now it has been found out that the shrimp did it, because they found that the shrimp bullied their sisters, saying that the shrimp was delusional, and they had beaten the shrimp. ”
王叶挑挑眉，竟然被他胡诌诌对了。 Wang Ye raised his eyebrows, but he was wrong.
“虾子承认了？”海崖不解。 "Shrimp admitted?" The sea cliffs are incomprehensible.
“他当然不会承认。是他哥鲨鱼……”海蛋爷爷忽然叹了口气，脸上表情很复杂，说不清是生气是失望还是可惜。
Of course he won't admit it. It's his brother shark......" Grandpa Hai Dan suddenly sighed, the expression on his face was very complicated, and he couldn't tell whether he was angry, disappointed or pity.
“你快说啊，吞吞吐吐的，早知我也回村去看看了。”海蛋奶奶怒拍海蛋爷爷。
"Say it quickly, I knew I would have gone back to the village to take a look." Grandma Hai Dan slapped Grandpa Hai Dan angrily.
海蛋爷爷扛不过老伴，就把村里公开审判中发生的事详细跟几人说了。
Grandpa Hai Dan couldn't bear his wife, so he told a few people in detail what happened in the public trial in the village.
原来那些黑头蛇竟然是鲨鱼捕捉来送给他弟虾子的，就因为虾子说吃毒蛇可以补身体。
It turned out that those black-headed snakes were caught by sharks and given to his brother shrimp, just because the shrimp said that eating poisonous snakes could replenish the body.
虾子手腕被王叶划伤，流了不少血。 The shrimp's wrist was scratched by Wang Ye and he bled a lot.
鲨鱼听了这个借口，虽然不认为毒蛇能补身体，但他向来心疼这唯一的弟弟，就给他去抓了不少黑头蛇。
The shark listened to this excuse, although he did not think that poisonous snakes could replenish the body, but he had always felt sorry for his only brother, so he went to catch a lot of black-headed snakes for him.
鲨鱼还担心弟弟被毒蛇咬伤，还给他准备了黑头蛇毒的解药。
The shark was also worried that his brother would be bitten by a venomous snake, and prepared an antidote to the venom of the black-headed snake for him.
而给虾子抓捕毒蛇补身体的事，对于鲨鱼来说并不是第一次。他弟以前也这么要求过。
And it is not the first time for sharks to catch poisonous snakes for shrimps. His brother had asked for that before.
有些事真的经不起查，鲨鱼回想以前给他弟抓蛇的时间，再想到村里几个被蛇咬伤的人的时间，怎么也说不出为弟弟辩解的话。
Some things really can't stand up to investigation, and the shark can't say anything to defend his brother when he thinks back to the time he used to catch snakes, and then the time when he thinks about the few people in the village who were bitten by snakes.
如此，两年下来，虾子用黑头蛇连续害了不少人，其中有两名年轻人，一人因为没有随身携带蛇药，一人带的蛇药被虾子偷走，最后都死在蛇毒下。
In this way, in the past two years, the shrimp has used the black-headed snake to kill many people in a row, including two young people, one because he did not carry snake medicine, and the snake medicine brought by one was stolen by the shrimp, and finally died under the snake venom.
虾子虽然不承认这两人是他害的，但他哥鲨鱼其实早有怀疑，只是虾子是他亲弟弟，也是唯一的弟弟，他不可能主动把虾子干的坏事暴露出去，就沉默了下来。
Although Shrimp didn't admit that he killed these two people, his brother Shark actually suspected it, but Shrimp was his own brother and only younger brother, and he couldn't take the initiative to expose the bad things Shrimp did, so he fell silent.
可今天的公开审判，这两年被毒蛇咬伤的人竟然有七成都是曾经和虾子有过矛盾的人。而且有几次村人被毒蛇咬伤，有人看到虾子也在附近。
But in today's public trial, seventy percent of the people who have been bitten by poisonous snakes in the past two years are people who have had conflicts with shrimp. And there have been several times when people in the village have been bitten by poisonous snakes, and some people have seen shrimp nearby.
当那两个被毒死的年轻人的家人哭着大骂虾子不是人时，良知尚在的鲨鱼终于抵不住良心的谴责，让他弟弟闭嘴，说出了他知道的所有事情。
When the family members of the two young people who were poisoned cried and scolded the shrimp for not being human, the shark, who still had a conscience, finally couldn't resist the condemnation of his conscience and told his brother to shut up and say everything he knew.
鲨鱼没有别的请求，他只求村里看在他以往对村子的贡献的份上，让他亲手处置虾子。
The shark had no other request, he only begged the village to let him dispose of the shrimp for the sake of his past contributions to the village.
村子同意了。 The village agreed.
鲨鱼按照村规，把虾子按在海水里淹死。 According to the village rules, the shark pressed the shrimp into the sea and drowned.
淹死虾子后，鲨鱼说他要带家人离开村子，并永远不会提他出自海沟岛。
After drowning the shrimp, the shark said he was leaving the village with his family and would never mention that he was from Trench Island.
村里也同意了，给了他一艘小船。 The village also agreed and gave him a small boat.
以鲨鱼的操船本领，只要海上没有大的风暴，他就能带着家人乘坐小船前往海草岛，再从海草岛那里去往其他地方生活。
With the skills of a shark, as long as there are no major storms at sea, he can take his family to Seagrass Island in a small boat, and then go to live elsewhere from Seagrass Island.
听完海蛋爷爷的叙述，众人沉默了好一会儿。 After listening to Grandpa Haidan's narration, everyone was silent for a while.
“鲨鱼他也不是什么好东西。”海蛋恨恨道。 "Sharks, he's not a good thing." Hai Dan hated.
“算了，这事到此就了结了。”海蛋爷爷拍拍孙子的脑袋，叮嘱几个孙子：“以后鲨鱼和虾子的事在村里就不要提了，过去就过去了。”
"Forget it, that's the end of the matter." Grandpa Haidan patted his grandson's head and told his grandchildren: "Don't mention the matter of sharks and shrimp in the village in the future, the past will be over." ”
海蛋爷爷又看向王叶和雷木，他过来说这事也是村长的意思。村长不好意思过来，觉得他们家和小叶子更亲近，就让他们来说。
Grandpa Hai Dan looked at Wang Ye and Lei Mu again, and he came over to say that this matter was also what the village chief meant. The village chief was embarrassed to come over, thinking that their family was closer to Xiao Yezi, so let them come.
村长的意思，海蛋爷爷也明白，村里处置了虾子，但鲨鱼却不太好处置，毕竟鲨鱼没有犯过大错，又对村里有功劳，处置他也会伤了村里人的心，说不定还会让村人对王叶和雷木产生排斥感。
What the village chief meant, Grandpa Haidan also understood, the village disposed of the shrimp, but the shark was not very easy to deal with, after all, the shark did not make a big mistake, and he had a credit to the village, and disposing of him would also hurt the hearts of the villagers, and maybe it would also make the villagers have a sense of rejection of Wang Ye and Lei Mu.
王叶往雷木身上一倒，“哥，没事了，我们不用再担心有人暗中谋害我们，也不用担心有人把药泥的事泄露出去。”
Wang Ye fell on Lei Mu's body, "Brother, it's okay, we don't have to worry about someone secretly plotting to kill us, and we don't have to worry about someone leaking the matter of the medicinal mud." ”
雷木很懂，他作为大人，说话就犀利多了：“虾子到底没能害到我们，害的都是你们村自己人，你们怎么处置都行，这事就此过去。”
Lei Mu understands very well, as an adult, he speaks much sharper: "In the end, the shrimp failed to harm us, the harm is your own people, you can deal with it, this matter is over." ”
海蛋爷爷松了口气的同时也禁不住苦笑。人这话说得真没错，他们村只是在处置自己村的害群之马，凭什么让人感激？村人又凭什么因此排斥他们？
Grandpa Hai Dan breathed a sigh of relief, but at the same time, he couldn't help but smile bitterly. People are really right, their village is just dealing with the black sheep of their own village, why should people be grateful? Why did the villagers reject them because of this?
海蛋爷爷当天就把这话在村人中传开，让村人知道那对外来兄弟的大度。也让某些觉得对虾子和鲨鱼处置太狠的人头脑清醒过来，没错，虾子害人当然要偿命，而且害的都是他们村自己人，跟人家两个客人有什么关系？
Grandpa Hai Dan spread this word among the villagers that day, so that the villagers knew that he was generous to foreign brothers. It also made some people who feel that the shrimp and sharks are too ruthless to come to their senses, yes, of course, the shrimp has to pay for the harm of people, and the harm is their own people, what does it have to do with the two guests?
而鲨鱼……如果不是他包庇，虾子又怎么可能胆子越来越大，之后更发展到用毒蛇来害人的程度？
And the shark ...... If it weren't for him to cover up, how could the shrimp have become more and more bold, and then it has developed to the extent of using poisonous snakes to harm people?
村人想明白了，对王叶和雷木两人没有了任何意见，反而越发尊重这两个只会给村子送好处，却不会掺和村内事的外人。
The villagers figured it out, and they no longer had any opinions on Wang Ye and Lei Mu, but instead respected these two outsiders who would only bring benefits to the village, but would not get involved in the affairs of the village.
而村人对两人尊重的体现，就是给他们送东西，来帮他们修建改造石洞。
And the embodiment of the villagers' respect for the two is to send them things to help them build and renovate the stone cave.
在众人齐心合力的努力下，石洞很快就改造完毕，能真正入住了。
With the concerted efforts of everyone, the stone cave was quickly renovated and can be truly occupied.
石洞朝南的洞壁多了一个长宽约一米左右的方形窗洞，窗洞上安装了可以推开的木窗，还挂了一个棕榈叶帘子。白天打开，通风又敞亮。
There is a square window hole about one meter long and wide on the south-facing wall of the cave, and a wooden window that can be pushed open is installed on the window opening, and a palm leaf curtain is hung. Open during the day, it is ventilated and bright.
水池那边多了一个朝外的排水沟和排水孔，可以让脏水顺着排水沟流出洞外。另外还弄了大小两个水池，大水池可以洗澡，小水池用来冲洗东西。
There is an outward-facing drain and drain hole on the side of the pool, which allows dirty water to flow down the drain out of the hole. In addition, there are two pools, large and small, the large pool for bathing and the small pool for rinsing things.
灶台也砌上了，不过不是王叶认为的常见老式灶台，而是用石头垒建起来的火塘。石头下方是空心，可以放木柴进入烧火，石头上面可以架锅，也可以架烤架。
The stove was also built, but it was not the common old-fashioned stove that Wang Ye thought, but a fire pit built with stones. Underneath the stone is a hollow where firewood can be placed to enter the fire, and a pot or grill can be set up on top of the stone.
最让王叶满意的是，石洞里多了一张床。 What satisfied Wang Ye the most was that there was an extra bed in the stone cave.
虽然是一块被人合力抬进来的平整大石头，但那石头又宽又大，足够两米宽两米五长，表面也十分平整光滑，铺上席子就能当床睡，除了硬了点、凉了点，也没其他缺点了。
Although it is a large flat stone that has been carried in by a joint force, the stone is wide and large, enough to be two meters wide and two meters and five meters long, and the surface is also very smooth and smooth, and it can be used as a bed to sleep on a mat, except for being a little harder and cooler, there are no other shortcomings.
为了把这块石头抬进来，原本不大的石洞口被扩大了许多。
In order to bring this stone in, the entrance to the originally small stone cave was enlarged a lot.
石洞口被凿成了长方形，镶上了门板，还做了门槛。门头上也挂了一张卷起来的棕榈叶帘子。
The entrance to the stone cave was hewn into a rectangle, with panels and thresholds. A rolled-up palm leaf curtain also hung over the door.
石洞内部整体被石灰刷白，比之前亮堂许多，也不再那么潮湿。
The interior of the cave is whitewashed with lime, which is much brighter than before, and it is no longer so damp.
墙边搁了好几个木架子，还有几个草编的箱笼和簸箩。 There were several wooden shelves on the wall, as well as a few straw cages and dustpans.
墙上挂了几个篮子和鱼篓，还有一张新渔网。这渔网可是村里人的骄傲，他们海沟村用的渔网是附近几个海岛最结实的，能网大鱼不会轻易破。
Several baskets and baskets were hung on the wall, as well as a new fishing net. This fishing net is the pride of the villagers, and the fishing net used in their trench village is the strongest among the nearby islands, and it will not be easily broken by big fish.
这种渔网用的是海沟岛特产的一种麻，泡出来的纤维韧性非常。但这种韧麻不多，海沟村人对这种韧麻的使用都非常珍惜。
This kind of fishing net is made of a kind of hemp, which is a specialty of Trench Island, and the fiber is very tough. But there are not many of these tenacities, and the people of Trench Village cherish the use of them.
火塘旁边还放了一个很大的木桌和四张木凳。木桌很厚实，长度有两米多，能当案板和台面使用。
There was also a large wooden table and four wooden benches next to the firepit. The wooden table is thick, more than two meters long, and can be used as a board and countertop.
王叶要的灶台因为比较大，村人也没做过，几番尝试后被搭建在外面，上面还盖了一个遮灰挡雨的棕榈棚。
Because the stove that Wang Ye wanted was relatively large, the villagers had never done it, so after several attempts, it was built outside, and a palm shed was also built on top to cover the dust and rain.
这个灶台的完工，还让王叶又拿到了五十点经验值。而海沟村人有几户条件还可以的人家，都在请海蛋爷爷帮忙把火塘改成两眼的灶台。
The completion of this stove also allowed Wang Ye to get another fifty experience points. And there are several families in Haigou Village who are in good condition, and they are asking Grandpa Haidan to help change the fire pit into a two-eye stove.
棕榈棚比较大，里面另外又放了一套全天然无修饰的石头座椅板凳。平时有客人来，都可以待在这里，不用进出石洞。
海蛋爷爷还给王叶他们建造了一个简易厕所，同样是棕榈棚，里面用石头垫高，中间挖个很深的洞。
海蛋爷爷说等这个洞满了，就把这个埋了，在旁边再挖一个洞，方便得很。
Grandpa Haidan said that when this hole was full, he would bury this and dig another hole next to it, which was very convenient.
王叶：“……”也没什么好求的了，入乡随俗吧。 Wang Ye: "......" is nothing to ask for, let's follow the customs.
第25章 鲨鱼、石膏和神秘人
鲨鱼转头看向身后的岛屿，他要离开了，他的家乡。
没有人来送他们，这也是意料之中。
“来，给村子磕头。”鲨鱼招呼自己的长子，自己率先跪下。
鲨鱼的长子才五岁，小家伙个头很结实，和他父亲很像，见他父亲跪下，他也跪下了。小小的孩子还不知道家里发生了什么事，只知道他们要离开村子到别的地方生活。
鲨鱼的妻子，一个很文静的女人，抱着才一岁的幼女，同样在丈夫身边跪下。
一家四口对着岛屿村落的方向磕了三个头。
鲨鱼把妻子扶起来，扶她上了村里给的小船。
船只都是村里的共同财产，他能拿到这艘小船，除了是村里的人情，他还付出了家中所有铜币和他们新建好没多久的房子。也只有这样，才能堵上村里某些人的嘴巴——他们兄弟欠村里太多。
这是一艘能坐得下四个成年人的小船，鲨鱼妻子抱着幼女和长子坐在丈夫的对面。
鲨鱼先把家里的重要财产都放到船中，四个里面塞满了东西的鱼篓。
最后，鲨鱼推着渔船走入海里，等到海水超过他腰部，他才爬上船，拿起船桨用力划动。
鲨鱼的妻子眼看船只离海沟岛越来越远，眼圈红了。
“对不起。”鲨鱼忽然沉闷道。
鲨鱼妻子摇摇头，擦掉要落下的眼泪：“不怪你。”
“怪我。要不是我，虾子不会有那么大胆子，是我纵容了他，也……忽视了你们。”鲨鱼看着妻子，突然发现他已经很久没有仔细看过他的妻子。
文静的女人再次摇头：“别说了，我相信你，就算离开村子，只要有你在，我们去了其他地方一样能活得好。”
尤其在他们甩开虾子后。
鲨鱼看着妻子，心中感动非常。妻子的鼓励和信任，对此时的他异常重要。
文静的女人对丈夫露出安抚的淡笑。
女人从来不在丈夫面前说小叔子的坏话，但她心里也对虾子厌烦得不得了。虾子有什么事都来找她丈夫，看到她家有什么好东西，随手就拿了，就连孩子的食物和布料，他都能拿。
丈夫很能干，每年都去海草村赶集，每年也都能换到一些铜钱甚至是银币，可这些钱大半都被虾子拿走了。
丈夫总是说虾子还小，又是他唯一的弟弟，父母走前让他一定要好好照顾这个弟弟，说等虾子再大一些就懂事了。
可虾子直到死，也没有真正懂事，而他死的时候已经二十二岁。
不，虾子不是不懂事，他只是根子就是歪的，怎么掰也长不好，何况她丈夫也没怎么掰过。
虾子死了，女人是真的松了口气，哪怕听说要离开村子，她也没有感到沮丧。
鲨鱼才五岁的长子忽然道：“爹，虾子叔叔会跟着我们一起走吗？”
鲨鱼心中一痛：“不会了，他会永远留在岛上。”
鲨鱼长子吁了口气，满脸轻松地说：“太好了。”
说完，小家伙就有点害怕地看向父亲，依偎向母亲。
鲨鱼心中苦涩无比：“别怕，父亲以前糊涂了，以后不会了，以后爹会好好照顾你们。”也会好好教导两个孩子，不让他们长歪了。
小家伙依偎着母亲露出天真的笑颜，真心实意地道：“虾子叔叔死了真好。”
小孩子对于死亡的理解还很模糊，他只隐约知道虾子叔叔死了，死了就不能跟着他们，但他又不确定，今天听父亲亲口说了才真正放心。
鲨鱼看到长子那开心的笑脸，心里苦涩更重，他以前都做了什么？他为什么要护着就连妻子和儿子都讨厌的虾子，就因为他会拍马屁会哄他吗？
虾子害的那些人，他也是凶手。所以他亲手淹死了虾子，从此他将背负杀弟之罪，这也是他应得的惩罚。
鲨鱼看到妻儿对未来的期盼，听着长子对海草村的好奇提问，也更庆幸自己的决定。
他原本可以不离开村子，但为了两个孩子，他必须离开。
他不希望两个孩子将来被人指指戳戳，就因为他们有个害人的叔叔，还有个作为帮凶的父亲。
他和妻子互视，彼此都明白他们以后再也不会提起虾子，也不会提起他们在海沟村的过去，他们要让孩子们清清白白地长大，村里给了他们重新开始的机会，他们要珍惜这个机会。
啪，一只手抓住了船舷。
一颗头从海水里冒出。
这一幕有点吓人。
鲨鱼妻子发出一声轻微的惊叫，两个孩子没有吓到，反而好奇地看向水里的人。
鲨鱼立刻持起船桨就要打向那只手。
“别动手！我没有恶意。”抓住船舷的人恳求道：“我只是想要跟你们的船一起去海草岛。”
“你是谁？”鲨鱼从没有见过这个人。
这是个很瘦的男人，肤色苍白，大约三十岁左右，抓着船舷的手缺了一根手指。
缺指男道：“你们不用管我是谁，只要你们肯带我一起去海草岛，我会报答你们。”
鲨鱼警惕地道：“我们不需要你的报答，我们的船很小，挤不下了。”
鲨鱼不是多仁慈的人，船上不止他一人，还有他的妻儿，他两个孩子都那么小，他不打算冒险。
缺指男可能也猜到鲨鱼不会这么简单就让他上船，喘口气说道：“你当你们村为什么同意让你离开，还让你尽快离开？”
鲨鱼冷下脸：“你想说什么？”
缺指男抹了抹脸上的海水：“我知道你们村一个秘密，这个秘密关系到很大一笔财产。只要你把我送到海草岛，我就把这个秘密告诉你。”
鲨鱼眼神闪烁：“什么秘密？”
鲨鱼妻子皱起眉头，担心地看向丈夫。她宁可丈夫不要去听这个秘密。
“我可以告诉你，你唯一的弟弟被杀，你们村还把你们一家驱逐，真实原因并不只是因为你弟用毒蛇害人，而是他们不想让你们知道那个能赚很多钱的秘密。”
鲨鱼沉默。
鲨鱼妻子急了，开口：“他爹！”
缺指男看出鲨鱼眼中闪过痛苦之色，加重语气道：“是什么秘密我可以告诉你，你们村发现了非常珍贵的药物，量很大，药效也极好。这些药物卖出去可以卖出天价。但你们村长还有少数几个人，不想把这个好处分给别人，你和虾子都是不稳定因素，他们早就想解决你们，正好虾子犯事，就给了他们很好地解决你们兄弟的借口。”
鲨鱼妻子看缺指男的目光满是愤恨。这个人明显在挑拨离间，而她丈夫……
鲨鱼低声说道：“你把这些告诉我，就是想让我送你去海草岛？”
缺指男点头：“没错，只要你能把我安全送到海草岛，我就把那些药物的详细地点告诉你。到时候你只要找到对这种药物感兴趣的人，带他们去海沟岛，你不但可以获得大笔利益，还能把村子的管理权给抢过来，以后海沟村人都要看你的脸色过日子，你和你的妻子孩子也不用颠沛流离去陌生地方讨生活。”
鲨鱼妻子忍不住了，叫道：“你闭嘴！村里的事我们一家不想掺和。他爹，赶这个人下海！”
鲨鱼抬手，示意妻子安静，放下船桨，抓住那人的手腕，问：“你会甘心把这个秘密告诉我，让我去赚这个好处？”
感觉到鲨鱼上钩，缺指男差点笑出来，忙道：“我只想离开海沟岛去海草岛，海沟岛那些药物对你们来说很值钱，但我不缺那点钱。”
“你是那座囚犯岛逃出来的囚犯？”鲨鱼突然问。
缺指男否认：“当然不是。”
鲨鱼盯着缺指男，点点头，“希望你说话算数，我现在就拉你上来。”
除了他们村，就是海草岛的人也不知道海沟岛隔壁是一座囚犯岛，但这个人明显知道。
缺指男道谢。
鲨鱼手上用力把缺指男往上提。
缺指男借力，另一只手也抓住船舷，两只手一起用力往船中爬。
鲨鱼松手，快速抓起放在腿边的船桨，用力挥向缺指男的头颅。
砰！缺指男没想到鲨鱼会突然动手，他尽量闪避，但还是被击中肩膀。
缺指男痛呼一声，感到肩膀骨可能碎了。
鲨鱼再次挥起船桨。
“为什么？”缺指男怒吼，痛恨地怒瞪鲨鱼。
鲨鱼冷笑：“你以为我是我弟，被你说两句就心动？敢打我们村的主意，去死吧！”
他正不知道该怎么弥补曾经犯下的过错，这个人来得正好。
缺指男看出鲨鱼的杀心，后悔自己看错人，不得不放弃爬进船只，松开手，落入海中。
鲨鱼放下船桨，对妻子快速交代：“等我！那人对村子不怀好意，不能放他离开。”
说完，鲨鱼就跳入水中。
鲨鱼妻子焦急地把幼女交给长子，扒到船舷去看丈夫，过一会儿又抓过船桨，打算那个缺指男一冒头就打下去。
但她只见到水面翻腾，半会儿都不见有人冒头。
鲨鱼妻子越等越急，如果不是船里还有两个年龄幼小的孩子在，她就跳进海水里去帮丈夫了。
过了大约三四分钟，健壮的上半身从海水里钻出。
鲨鱼妻子看到丈夫还活着，喜极而泣，忙伸出船桨。
鲨鱼游向小船，抓住船桨靠近船只，再抓住船舷，翻身爬进船舱。
“你受伤了！那个人怎样？”鲨鱼妻子连声问，又赶紧打开鱼篓寻找止血药。
鲨鱼脸色有些苍白，身上还有不少伤痕，靠近胸口的位置还被什么尖锐的东西戳出一个小洞，但里面没有血流出。
“爹。”鲨鱼长子扶着妹妹，焦急又担心地喊。
鲨鱼过了好一会儿才开口道：“没事了。那人已经死了，村子安全了，我们走。”
鲨鱼妻子拿出伤药给丈夫敷上，问：“不用回村说一声吗？”
鲨鱼缓慢摇头：“不用。”
海水下方，一具男尸面朝下漂浮着，他的背部正中心破了一个拳头大的洞，更诡异的是他的尸体就好像被人吸干了体液，变得又瘪又皱。
王叶站在崖顶，摸摸下巴，眼中露出一丝疑惑，见小船远去，这才溜溜达达地回到石洞口。
雷木正躺在当做厨房用的棕榈棚里，别人只当他在睡觉，实际他是在运功疗养受伤的筋脉。
“鲨鱼走了。”王叶道。
雷木眼都不睁地道：“哦。”
王叶嘴角有一丝玩味的笑：“我看到有个人想爬上他的船，但被鲨鱼用船桨打下去，之后鲨鱼还跳到海水里，好像是在和那人搏斗。”
雷木微微睁开眼睛：“谁？虾子？”
王叶摇头：“不是。虾子已经死了。”
在游戏系统告诉他完成那两个任务的同时，他就收到了一份因果之力，他看了因果卷，虾子和他之间的因果消失，虾子这个人也已经从这个世界彻底消亡。
“鲨鱼赢了？”
“嗯。”
“和他在海水里搏斗的人是和他同村的人？”
“隔得太远看不清楚。等村长他们来了，问问他们村里有没有少人就知道。”王叶也不知道为什么，对那个爬船、后来又消失在海里的人很是在意。
“鲨鱼知道药泥的事吗？”雷木没见过鲨鱼这个人，但只冲着这人一直包庇虾子，就不是很信任他。
王叶摇头：“药泥的事目前只有少数人知道，鲨鱼还没进入村子管理层，船锚对虾子没好感，不会把药泥的事告诉鲨鱼。”
“那就好，否则这座岛屿以后恐怕事要多了。”
王叶耸肩：“就算鲨鱼不知道，等海沟村人拿着药泥出去卖，一样会暴露。”
雷木在这座岛待了几天，醒来后一直受到岛民的帮助，并不想看他们经受磨难，沉吟片刻说道：“我认识一个药师，如果能联系上他……”
王叶激动了，雷木认识的药师还能有谁，难道他要继雷木之后就要见到师父了吗？
“药师？好啊！他在哪里？赶紧请他过来，或者我们过去找他。”王叶不等雷木说完，就难掩兴奋地说。
雷木还以为王叶也在担心海沟村人，并不真像他说的那样没心没肺，当下就道：“我也不知道他现在在哪里，那人居无定所，经常到处跑，我上次听说他去了千眼山寻找一种药材，但我之后遇到一些事，大约有大半年没有听到他的消息。”
王叶听到千眼山这个地名，脸上露出了一些略微古怪的神情。
千眼山，这地方对他来说可不陌生。
他师父曾经跟他提到过，他在这里有了一次奇遇，虽说过程十分危险，但结果也十分美好。他师父的药学知识就是在这次奇遇后得到很大提高。
另外就是，他师父这场奇遇耗费了将近两年时间。
如果他师父是在大半年前进入的千眼山，那么至少还有一年，他才会出来。在这之前，除非有人拥有和他师父一样的运气，才可能进入到那个奇遇中，也才可能遇到他师父。
但有了师父的确切消息，王叶还是很高兴。他几乎已经可以肯定，雷木口中这个认识的药师就是他师父。
“等到了海草岛，看那边有没有佣兵公会，如果有，我可以写封信请佣兵们找寻那位药师传给他。他这人就喜欢各种稀奇古怪的药材，如果知道这里有药性这么好的药泥，他一定会赶过来看看。这位药师的名气很大，能力也强，如果他开口说海沟岛是他罩着的，或者他出资把药泥洞买下来，就算药泥的事泄露出去，一般也不会有不开眼的人跑来找麻烦。”雷木道。
王叶：找不到的。
但他不能这么直白地告诉雷木说花这个冤枉钱没意思，肯定找不到，他换了一种方式：“远水救不了近火。这千眼山我也听人提过，是在白鹿国的十万大山中对吧？那距离这里也太远了，等那位药师赶过来，黄花菜都凉了。”
But he couldn't tell Lei Mu so bluntly that it was meaningless to spend this unjust money, and he would definitely not find it, so he changed his way: "Far water can't save near fire." I've also heard of this Thousand Eyes Mountain, it's among the 100,000 mountains of the White Deer Country, right? It was too far from here, and when the pharmacist arrived, the daylily was cold. ”
雷木叹息：“我也知道，所以我之前就没提。” Remu sighed: "I know it too, so I didn't mention it before." ”
“何必舍近求远？”王叶指了指自己的鼻子：“我也是药师……学徒。我可以教海沟村人不卖原材料，而是以一名神秘药师的名义，代卖成品。”
"Why bother looking for the near and far?" Wang Ye pointed to his nose: "I'm also a pharmacist...... Apprentice. I can teach the people of Trench Village not to sell raw materials, but to sell finished products in the name of a mysterious pharmacist. ”
雷木摸摸王叶的脑袋：“你是个好孩子，不过这事还可以有其他解决办法。如果我是海沟村人，在能力有限的情况下，我就到海草岛找个比较有钱有地位但一定比较有信誉的人，一次性把药泥全部卖给对方，由此换一笔钱来改善村子，比如给村里买一两艘更大的渔船。”
王叶承认：“这个主意也不错，不过要找个有信誉的人也不容易。”
Wang Ye admitted: "It's a good idea, but it's not easy to find a reputable person." ”
雷木：“事在人为，总比他们偷偷摸摸小心翼翼地一点点卖药泥要好。”
Lei Mu: "It's man-made, it's better than them sneaking around and carefully selling medicinal mud little by little." ”
王叶眼珠子骨碌碌一转，心里有了一个主意。
雷木又和王叶商量了一会儿——他就没把王叶当普通小孩看，两人决定找村长谈谈。
Lei Mu discussed with Wang Ye for a while - he didn't treat Wang Ye as an ordinary child, and the two decided to talk to the village chief.
村长没来，他孙子海耀祖先来了。 The village chief didn't come, but his grandson Haiyao ancestor came.
海耀祖和一帮少年青年带来了好多个篓子，篓子里装的都是他们在岛中各处捡的石头。
Hai Yaozu and a group of young men brought many baskets filled with stones they had picked up from all over the island.
前几天，村里几乎都在忙着烧石灰和烧砖，说要去山里找石膏矿石的事就耽搁了下来。
A few days ago, almost all the village was busy burning lime and bricks, and the matter of going to the mountains to find gypsum ore was delayed.
昨天海耀祖觉得这事不能再拖，今天天没亮，他就叫上海潮等三十多人和他一起进山捡石头。
Yesterday, Hai Yaozu felt that this matter could not be delayed any longer, and before dawn today, he asked more than 30 people including Hai Chao to go into the mountains with him to pick up stones.
这不，赶在中午前就先送来一批。 No, I'll send a batch before noon.
王叶对这些石头非常感兴趣，利用自己的知识和经验对这些石头进行辨识，无法确定的就使用鉴定术。
Wang Ye was very interested in these stones, and used his knowledge and experience to identify these stones, and used identification techniques if he could not be sure.
“木木，这座岛很可能是一座火山哦。”王叶用微带兴奋的语调说道。
"Mumu, this island is probably a volcano." Wang Ye said in a slightly excited tone.
开始活动身手练功的雷木，一边做着古怪的动作，一边道：“哦？他们跟你说的？”
Lei Mu, who began to practice his skills, said while doing strange movements: "Oh? What did they tell you? ”
“不，是它们跟我说的。”王叶举起石块，“这些都是玄武岩，是火山喷发后的岩浆冷却后变成。”
"No, they told me." Wang Ye lifted the stone, "These are basalts, which are turned into after the magma of the volcanic eruption cools. ”
雷木赞叹：“你懂的真多，教你的人一定很厉害。我像你这么大的时候，连砖头和石头都分不清楚。那你找到你想要的石膏了吗？”
Lei Mu praised: "You know so much, the person who taught you must be very powerful." When I was your age, I couldn't even tell the difference between bricks and stones. So have you found the plaster you want? ”
王叶嘿嘿一笑，他可不会在雷木面前掩饰自己的本事，就让雷木以为他有个很厉害很博学的师父吧。
Wang Ye smiled, he wouldn't hide his skills in front of Lei Mu, so let Lei Mu think that he had a very powerful and knowledgeable master.
王叶拿起另外一块白色微透明的石头，“找到了。我还找到了石灰石和一块浅蓝色的刚玉。”
Wang Ye picked up another white slightly transparent stone, "Found it." I also found limestone and a piece of light blue corundum. ”
“刚玉？” "Corundum?"
“也是火山喷发出来的东西，红宝石和蓝宝石都是刚玉，这座岛上很可能有一座刚玉矿，如果运气好，也许能开采出品质较好的蓝宝石。”王叶把他找到的刚玉递给雷木。
"It's also something from a volcanic eruption, rubies and sapphires are corundum, and it's likely that there is a corundum mine on this island, and if you're lucky, you might be able to mine better quality sapphires." Wang Ye handed the corundum he found to Lei Mu.
雷木没有停下动作，接过浅蓝色的刚玉看了看就扔回到王叶面前，“没什么能量，就算是宝石，也只能做装饰品。”
Lei Mu didn't stop moving, took the light blue corundum, looked at it, and threw it back in front of Wang Ye, "There is no energy, even if it is a gem, it can only be used as an ornament." ”
王叶不在意地道：“就是普通才好，好东西太多就怕海沟岛人承受不住。”
Wang Ye said indifferently: "It's just ordinary, if there are too many good things, I'm afraid that the people of Trench Island won't be able to bear it." ”
雷木很认可这句话：“你要把刚玉矿的事告诉他们吗？”
Lei Mu agrees with this sentence: "Are you going to tell them about the corundum mine?" ”
王叶问好大儿意见：“你说呢？” Wang Ye asked Hao'er for his opinion: "What do you say?" ”
雷木：“没必要。有那个药泥洞就足够让他们发家致富，还要看他们是否能守得住。”
Remu: "There's no need. Having that medicine mud hole is enough for them to make a fortune, and it depends on whether they can keep it. ”
王叶从善如流：“那就不说。不过石膏矿还是要说的，这东西分布很广，属于应用很多，但不会很昂贵的矿藏，开采出来也没事。不过前面我都白送那么多东西了，这石膏的烧制方法和用途不能也白送。升米恩斗米仇，再白送，他们也还以为我是傻子呢。”
Wang Ye is as good as a stream: "Then don't say it." However, gypsum ore still has to be said, this thing is very widely distributed, and it belongs to a mineral deposit with many applications, but it will not be very expensive, and it is okay to mine it. However, I have given away so many things for free before, and the firing method and use of this gypsum cannot also be given away in vain. Shengmien fights Mi Hate, no matter how much I give it away for nothing, they still think I'm a fool. ”
“石膏的事我来说。”雷木停下动作，揉揉王叶刺刺的短头毛，觉得这小孩还算头脑清醒，并不是一个穷大方。
"I'll talk about the plaster." Lei Mu stopped his movements and rubbed the short head hair of Wang Ye's thorns, feeling that this child was still sober-minded, and he was not a poor and generous.
大方也只对自己人的王叶一把抱住雷木的腰，亲亲蜜蜜地叫：“木木~，爸爸就靠你啦~”
Dafang only hugged Lei Mu's waist with Wang Ye of his own people, and kissed and called sweetly: "Mu Mu~, Dad depends on you~"
“叫哥。”雷木敲了他脑袋一下，问：“你想换什么？”
"Call brother." Lei Mu knocked him on the head and asked, "What do you want to change?" ”
“换点现钱，再换点生活物资，如果能换到船最好。将来离开我们也需要船只。”王叶想去囚犯岛一趟，而想要越过海沟岛和囚犯岛之间那条海沟，没有船可不行。
"Change some cash, and then change some living supplies, if you can exchange it for a boat, it would be the best. Ships will also be needed to leave us in the future. "Wang Ye wants to go to Prisoner Island, and if he wants to cross the trench between Trench Island and Prisoner Island, he can't do it without a boat.
雷木也是这个想法，不过这石膏矿石是王叶找到的，赚多少也归王叶，他不可能去花一个小孩子的钱。等明天，他就去岛深处走走，看看能不能打些值钱的大家伙。
Lei Mu also had this idea, but this gypsum ore was found by Wang Ye, and how much he earned also belonged to Wang Ye, and it was impossible for him to spend a child's money. Tomorrow, he will go to the depths of the island to see if he can beat some valuable big guys.
王叶完全没意识到雷木从始至终就把两人分开来看，他还以为他已经和雷木亲如一家。这大概也是重生者都会犯的病，哪怕知道两人“刚认识”，但潜意识中还是会把上辈子的感情也带到这辈子。
Wang Ye didn't realize that Lei Mu had separated the two from beginning to end, and he thought that he was already close to Lei Mu. This is probably also a disease that reborn people will commit, even if they know that the two "just met", they will subconsciously bring the feelings of the previous life to this life.
等下午海耀祖再过来，王叶就把他找到的那块石膏矿石拿出来给他看，问他是在哪里找到的。
When Hai Yaozu came back in the afternoon, Wang Ye took out the gypsum ore he found and showed him and asked him where he found it.
海耀祖记性不错，看到王叶拿出石头的篓子就想了起来：“这是我找到的，就在岛北面，那边地形陡峭，海风很大，不过这种石头很多。”
Hai Yaozu has a good memory, and when he saw Wang Ye take out the stone basket, he remembered: "This is what I found, just north of the island, the terrain is steep there, and the sea breeze is very strong, but there are many such stones." ”
“这应该就是我想要的石膏矿石，如果安全的话，能不能帮我多收集一些？”
"This should be the gypsum ore I want, if it's safe to do so, can you help me collect more?"
“没问题。”海耀祖一口答应，“那边虽然陡峭，但这种石头很脆，很容易砸下来。”
"No problem." Hai Yaozu agreed, "Although it is steep over there, this kind of stone is very brittle and easy to fall down. ”
海耀祖转头就把找到石膏矿石的事和他爷爷说了。 Hai Yaozu turned his head and told his grandfather about finding the gypsum ore.
村长可比海耀祖懂得多了，一听他们岛发现了一个矿藏，虽然是他没听过的石膏矿，但只要去过外面的人谁不知道家里有矿的好处？
The village chief knows a lot more than Hai Yaozu, and when he heard that they had found a mineral deposit on their island, although it was a gypsum mine that he had never heard of, as long as he had been outside, who didn't know the benefits of having a mine at home?
村长拉着船锚用最快速度跑来，询问王叶石膏矿详细。 The village chief pulled the anchor and ran as fast as he could, asking for the details of the Wang Ye gypsum mine.
雷木王叶正好要找村长，见他过来，就示意村长和船锚坐下说。
Lei Mu Wang Ye was just about to find the village chief, and when he saw him coming, he motioned for the village chief and the anchor to sit down and said.
两人只好耐住性子，盘膝在草席上坐下。 The two had to be patient and sat down cross-legged on the straw mat.
“村长爷爷，村里除了鲨鱼一家离开，还有谁跟他一起走了？”王叶像是随口问道。
"Grandpa the village chief, who else left with him in the village except for the shark family?" Wang Ye seemed to ask casually.
村长一愣，“没啊，就只有鲨鱼一家四口离开。” The village chief was stunned, "No, only the shark family of four left." ”
王叶托下巴：“早上我看到有人爬上了鲨鱼的船，又被他打下去，应该是个男的。”
Wang Yetuo's chin: "In the morning, I saw someone climb onto the shark's boat and be beaten down by him, it should be a man." ”
村长立刻看向船锚。 The village chief immediately looked at the anchor.
船锚头疼道：“我等会儿回村问问，看是不是谁想出去闯荡，家里又不同意的。或者是……和鲨鱼兄弟俩有仇的。”
The anchor had a headache and said, "I'll go back to the village and ask later, to see if anyone wants to go out and wander, but the family doesn't agree." Or is it...... He has a grudge against the shark brothers. ”
“你说那人被鲨鱼打进海里，后来浮上来了吗？”村长问。
"Did you say the man was shot into the sea by a shark and then floated up?" The village chief asked.
王叶摇头：“没看到。” Wang Ye shook his head: "I didn't see it." ”
村长担心，就生怕村里再死人。 The village chief was worried, so he was afraid that there would be another death in the village.
船锚坐不下去了，让村长留在这里和王叶两人说话，他先回村子一趟问个清楚。
The anchor couldn't sit down, so he asked the village chief to stay here and talk to Wang Ye, and he went back to the village to ask for clarification first.
同一时间，一名拖着腿的瘦弱男子在一座简易的用木枝和泥巴搭建的低矮屋子外面走来走去。
At the same time, a thin man with his legs dragging was walking around outside a simple low house made of wooden branches and mud.
男子神经质地咬着大拇指，把大拇指咬出血来都没有注意到。
The man nervously bit his thumb and didn't notice that it was bleeding.
那个人走了，在他跟他说了那洞里的烂泥都是珍贵的海豆芽药泥后，抛下他走了。
The man left, and after he told him that the mud in the cave was precious sea bean sprout puree, he left him behind.
其实他早就发现，那人变了，不再是当初和他相依为命的那个人，可他还在做着梦，指望那人哪天突然就回来了。
男人摸了摸胸口，就在刚刚他感觉不到那人了。 The man touched his chest, and just now he couldn't feel the man.
那人还活着吗？ Is the man still alive?
不，他应该问，那个东西还在那具傀儡体内吗？ No, he should have asked, is that thing still inside that puppet?
第26章 契约、找人 Chapter 26: Contract, Finding Someone
村长很会做人，不等雷木和王叶提及石膏矿利益要怎么分配的事，他就先一步满是感慨地说道：“听说小叶子发现了石膏矿石，这真的是一件天大好事。火窑、石灰、砖瓦和陶器的烧制，再加上这个石膏，还有药泥，相信以后我们村以后会越过越好，而这些都是你们带来的。”
雷木本来要提条件，听村长这么说，有点明白他的意思了，就笑了笑：“好说。我弟是个有恩必报的性子，他和海家兄弟也处得来，就把家里一些营生的窍门跟你们说了。这要是在家里，这小子肯定要被狠揍一顿。”
Lei Mu was going to put forward the conditions, but when he heard the village chief say this, he understood what he meant, so he smiled: "It's easy to say." My brother is a man who will repay his kindness, and he and the Hai brothers can also get along, so I will tell you some tips for making a living at home. If this is at home, this kid will definitely be beaten up. ”
村长心想自己幸好来了，看样子小叶子的兄长已经对小叶子老是白送的行为很不满了，忙道：“我们也没做什么，结果小叶子给我们帮助那么大。”
The village chief thought that he was fortunate to come, and it seemed that Xiao Yezi's brother was already very dissatisfied with Xiao Yezi's behavior of always giving it away for nothing, and said busily: "We didn't do anything, but Xiao Yezi helped us so much." ”
村长一顿，“咱们村商量了一下，你们兄弟对我们好，我们也不能一味占便宜。不管是这新发现的石膏矿，还是石灰和药泥，或者其他火窑烧出来的东西，我们的收益都会付你们一半。”
The village chief paused, "Our village has discussed, your brothers are good to us, and we can't blindly take advantage." Whether it's this newly discovered gypsum mine, or lime and mud, or anything else that comes out of a furnace, we'll pay you half of the proceeds. ”
雷木没说话，像是在思考。他的脸庞很诡异，但他给人的感觉特别稳重，只坐在那儿就给人一定压迫感。
Remu didn't speak, as if he was thinking. His face is weird, but he feels very stable, and just sitting there gives people a certain sense of oppression.
王叶没想到海沟村人竟然打算分一半利益给他，这绝不是小数目，毕竟资源就在海沟岛，动手劳动的人也是海沟村人。
Wang Ye didn't expect that the people of Trench Village would plan to give him half of the benefits, this is by no means a small amount, after all, the resources are on Trench Island, and the people who work are also from Trench Village.
王叶不知道，村长等人还担心给一半太少，在他们看来，如果没有王叶的指点，这些东西就放在眼前，他们也不知道那是值钱的东西。
Wang Ye didn't know, the village chief and the others were still worried that half was too little, in their opinion, if there was no Wang Ye's guidance, these things would be in front of them, and they didn't know that they were valuable things.
如果王叶只说了一个药泥，村长等人还不会这么舍得。 If Wang Ye only said a medicine mud, the village chief and the others would not be so reluctant.
但王叶又另外增了火窑和烧石灰的方法，如今还在教他们怎么烧砖，眼下又为他们找到了一个矿，村长等人简直都不知道该怎么报答是好。
But Wang Ye added another kiln and a method of burning lime, and now he is still teaching them how to burn bricks, and now he has found a mine for them, and the village chief and others don't know how to repay it.
过了一会儿，雷木手指放在膝盖上点了点，似乎做好了某个决定：“心甘情愿？不勉强？我们兄弟其实也可以不要这份收益。”
After a while, Lei Mu put his finger on his knee and nodded, as if he had made a certain decision: "Willingly? Not reluctantly? In fact, our brothers can also do without this income. ”
村长忙不迭地摆手：“不勉强，一点都不勉强。” The village chief waved his hand busily: "Not reluctantly, not reluctantly at all." ”
村长和船锚都不是那么短视的人，他们是可以厚着脸皮把所有利益都占下来。但做人不是这么做的，只看小叶子懂那么多，就知道这对兄弟出身不简单，他们以后说不定就有求到人家的时候。
Neither the village chief nor the anchor are such short-sighted people, they can be cheeky and take all the benefits. But that's not how to be a man, just by looking at how much Xiao Yezi knows, you know that the brothers are not from a simple background, and they may have a time to ask for someone else in the future.
现在把感情耗尽了，对他们又有什么好处？ What's in it for them to run out of feelings now?
再说药泥的事，还没堵人家的口。如果兄弟俩不高兴，把药泥的事说出去怎么办？更何况现在还多了一座矿。
Let's talk about the medicine mud, but I haven't blocked people's mouths yet. What if the brothers are upset and tell the story about the pod mud? What's more, there is now one more mine.
人情往来，就是要有往有来，才能维系下去，才能把关系越处越好。
Human relations are to have contacts and futures, in order to maintain them, and to make the relationship better and better.
雷木看向王叶。 Lei Mu looked at Wang Ye.
王叶手一摊，当甩手掌柜：“哥，你看着办，弟弟不懂。”
Wang Ye spread his hands and shook his hands as the shopkeeper: "Brother, you look at it, my brother doesn't understand." ”
这话在别人听来绝不是推诿，一个看起来才六七岁顶多七八岁的孩子，能懂什么？
This is by no means a prevarication to others, what can a child who looks like he is only six or seven or seven or eight years old at most understand?
雷木就做了这个主，他总不能叫小叶子吃亏，但也不会踩到海沟村人的底线。
Lei Mu is the master, he can't let Xiao Yezi suffer, but he won't step on the bottom line of the people of Trench Village.
“不过我们就两个人，也要不了多少，够用就行。”王叶又追加一句。
"But there are only two of us, and we don't need much, just enough." Wang Ye added.
雷木收到信号，明白了王叶的意思，他对村长等人的态度也比较满意，分出一半利益算是比较诚恳的态度了。
Lei Mu received the signal and understood what Wang Ye meant, and he was also quite satisfied with the attitude of the village chief and others, and it was a more sincere attitude to divide half of the benefits.
村长则在心里感激坏了，不住感谢海神爷爷把这么好的小叶子送来他们岛上。
The village chief was grateful in his heart, and couldn't help but thank Grandpa Seagod for sending such a good little leaf to their island.
雷木开口：“所有都拿出一半利益就不用了，我们也不知道会在这里待多久，我这有个方案，你们可以商讨，如果可以，我们就定下来，再签一个正式契约。”
Lei Mu spoke: "If you take out half of the benefits, you don't need to do it, we don't know how long we will stay here, I have a plan here, you can discuss, if you can, we will settle it and sign a formal contract." ”
雷木接下来就说出了他的方案。 Remu then said his plan.
雷木建议的利益分配方案主要在三个方面。 The benefit distribution plan proposed by Lei Mu is mainly in three aspects.
第一，在他们两人居住在海沟岛期间，药泥洞里的药泥可以让王叶随意取用，只要不超过一半即可。而村里用药泥交换来的利益就不用再分配给王叶。
First, during the period when the two of them lived on Trench Island, the medicinal mud in the medicinal mud cave could be used by Wang Ye at will, as long as it did not exceed half of it. And the benefits of the village in exchange for medicinal mud do not need to be distributed to Wang Ye.
第二，火窑随便建，不管建造多少火窑，王叶都分文不取。但火窑烧出来的东西，只要是王叶教授的，包括石灰、石膏、砖瓦陶器等物在内，其中两成归王叶，算是技术指导费。
Second, the kiln was built casually, no matter how many kilns were built, Wang Ye would not take a penny. But the things burned out of the kiln, as long as they are taught by Wang Ye, including lime, gypsum, bricks, tiles and pottery, etc., two percent of them belong to Wang Ye, which is regarded as a technical guidance fee.
第三，从签订契约之日开始，以后王叶再传授新知识和新技术，利益如何分配另外商谈。
Third, from the date of signing the contract, Wang Ye will impart new knowledge and new technologies in the future, and how the benefits will be distributed will be discussed separately.
这个利益分配方案大大出乎村长意料，不是要求多，而是要求太少。
This benefit distribution plan greatly surprised the village chief, not asking too much, but asking too little.
药泥给王叶一半，他们已经有心理准备，完全没问题。而且他们巴不得王叶多拿一点，因为他们认为只有共同利益且是比较厚重的利益，才能真正堵上两兄弟的嘴。
Half of the medicine mud was given to Wang Ye, and they were already mentally prepared, so there was no problem at all. And they wished that Wang Ye would take a little more, because they thought that only common interests and relatively heavy interests could really stop the mouths of the two brothers.
况且有见识的船锚还有一个想法，他觉得药泥想要卖上价，并不引起他人注意和馋涎，恐怕还需要见识和学识都比他广博得多的王叶和雷木两人帮忙。
Moreover, the knowledgeable anchor also has an idea, he thinks that if the medicine mud wants to be sold at a high price, it will not attract the attention and covetousness of others, and I am afraid that Wang Ye and Lei Mu, who are much more knowledgeable and knowledgeable than him, will need to help.
而火窑烧出来的东西，王叶只取两成，那真的不多。这还是王叶和雷木主动不要石膏以外的收益，村长硬加的。
And the things burned out of the kiln, Wang Ye only took 20%, which is really not much. This is still Wang Ye and Lei Mu took the initiative not to benefit from gypsum, and the village chief forcibly added it.
偏偏王叶又加了时限：“就限定五年吧，五年后就不用再付我一个铜币。如果五年内我和我哥离开海沟岛，只要五年内没回来，那也算过了五年。”
However, Wang Ye added the time limit again: "Just limit it to five years, and after five years, you don't have to pay me another copper coin." If my brother and I leave Trench Island within five years, as long as we don't come back within five years, then five years have passed. ”
村长搓手：“这不好吧，你们这样是不是太吃亏了？” The village chief rubbed his hands: "This is not good, are you suffering too much like this?" ”
王叶两条小瘦腿大咧咧地叉开，一副江湖老大哥的模样反问道：“那村长会让我们吃亏吗？我和我哥还要待在村里养伤，村里愿意就多照顾我们一些呗。”
Wang Ye's two little thin legs spread widely, and he looked like a big brother in the rivers and lakes and asked, "Will the village chief make us suffer?" My brother and I still have to stay in the village to recuperate, and the village will take care of us more if they want. ”
“那肯定的！” "That's for sure!"
觉得占了大便宜的村长回头就去找船锚和村老等人说这个好消息去了，恨不得马上就把正式契约定下来。
The village chief, who felt that he had taken a big advantage, turned around and went to the anchor to tell the village elder and others the good news, and he was eager to finalize the formal contract immediately.
村里的几个管事人知道这个消息也都很高兴，当天就和王叶两人签订了契约。
Several stewards in the village were also very happy to know the news, and signed a contract with Wang Ye and the two on the same day.
因为王叶还小，雷木也加入到契约中，签名也是两人一起签。
Because Wang Ye was still young, Lei Mu also joined the contract, and the signature was also signed by the two of them.
王叶看着雷木的签名和指纹与他的并列在一起，心里十分美。这在上辈子是从没有发生过的事情，他都不知道木头会写字。
Wang Ye looked at Lei Mu's signature and fingerprints juxtaposed with his, and his heart was very beautiful. This had never happened in his previous life, and he didn't even know that wood could write.
海沟村人极少这么正式和人签订契约，正好火窑开在那儿，他们就当场烧了一块刻写了契约内容和相关人签名与指纹的泥板。
It is rare for the people of Haigou Village to sign a contract with someone so formally, and when the kiln was opened, they burned a clay tablet engraved with the contents of the contract and the signatures and fingerprints of the people involved.
村长很郑重其事地把这块泥板收了起来，这不但是契约，也是海沟村开始巨大改变的证明。
The village chief solemnly put away the clay tablet, which was not only a contract, but also a proof that the village of Trench had begun to change dramatically.
夸张点说，就是海沟村历史的一个深重脚印。 To exaggerate, it is a deep footprint in the history of Trench Village.
“契约已经定下，我们就再说说这个药泥要如何卖法，才能在保证村子的利益下，还不会损伤到村子。”雷木主动对村长等人提到。
"The contract has been decided, let's talk about how to sell this medicinal mud, so that it will not damage the village while ensuring the interests of the village." Lei Mu took the initiative to mention it to the village chief and others.
村长和船锚眼睛都是一亮，他们早就想请教雷木和王叶，就是不好意思开口，总不能什么事都麻烦人家。
The eyes of the village chief and the anchor were bright, they had long wanted to ask Lei Mu and Wang Ye for advice, but they were too embarrassed to speak, and they couldn't trouble people about everything.
村长心里还很自得自己的行动够快。看看，这就是分出利益的好处，如果他们一味占便宜，人又怎么会主动帮助他们解决问题？
The village chief is still very satisfied that he is moving fast enough. See, this is the benefit of dividing interests, if they blindly take advantage, how can people take the initiative to help them solve their problems?
雷木把他和王叶的方法都说了。 Lei Mu told him and Wang Ye's methods.
第一个方法是划清界限。 The first way is to draw a line.
具体实施方法是找个有钱有地位又比较有信誉的人，把药泥洞承包出去，所谓承包就是卖。村里用卖药泥洞的钱来买大型渔船和改善村落，重点培养后代，以后生活还是以渔猎耕种为主，药泥就和他们毫无关系。至于石灰石膏等物，就当村里的作坊，用来改善生活和给孩子们提升实力。
The specific implementation method is to find a person with money, status and credibility to contract out the medicine mud cave, and the so-called contract is to sell. The village uses the money from the sale of the medicine mud cave to buy large fishing boats and improve the village, focusing on cultivating future generations, and the future life is still mainly fishing, hunting and farming, and the medicine mud has nothing to do with them. As for lime gypsum and other materials, they are used as village workshops to improve their lives and improve the strength of their children.
第二个方法是狐假虎威。 The second method is the fox and the tiger.
王叶教导海崖他们以药泥为原料制作成品药物，再冠以某位药师的名头。整个海沟村也可以假装全都托庇在那位药师名下，甚至可以对外宣扬整座海沟岛都是那位药师的。
Wang Ye taught Haiya that they used medicinal clay as raw materials to make finished medicines, and then named them a certain pharmacist. The entire Trench Village can also pretend that all of them are under the name of that pharmacist, and even advertise to the outside world that the entire Trench Island belongs to that pharmacist.
这两个方法都是为了尽量拖延时间，让村里积累财富和力量，等到村里培养的下一代起来了，可以保护自己的村落和岛屿，那么上面两个方法就可以不用。
Both of these methods are intended to delay as much time as possible, so that the village can accumulate wealth and power, and when the next generation cultivated in the village can protect their villages and islands, then the above two methods can be dispensed with.
村长和船锚听了这两个主意也都觉得好，只是一时无法决定，说要和村老们再商量商量，再做定夺。
The village chief and the anchor also thought it was good when they heard these two ideas, but they couldn't decide for a while, and said that they would discuss and make a decision with the village elders again.
王叶叫住船锚，询问村里有没有少人。 Wang Ye stopped the anchor and asked if there were any people in the village.
船锚一拍脑门：“看我，差点忘了。村里没少人，你说的那人很可能是外来者。也许就是之前躲在药泥洞里的人？”
The anchor slapped his head: "Look at me, I almost forgot." There are many people in the village, and the person you are talking about is probably an outsider. Maybe it's the person who hid in the mud cave before? ”
王叶也是如此猜测。 Wang Ye also guessed.
可根据他早上看到的景象，那个爬船者十有八九已经被鲨鱼弄死在海里。而游戏系统并没有说那个寻找神秘人的任务失败。
According to what he had seen in the morning, the creeper had been killed by a shark in the sea. And the game system doesn't say that the mission to find the mysterious man failed.
换言之，他要找的神秘人不是那个爬船者。 In other words, the mysterious man he was looking for wasn't the shipcrawler.
也许那爬船者是神秘人的同伴？当初在药泥洞里的不止一个人？
Maybe the shipcrawler was the companion of the mysterious man? More than one person in the mud cave at the beginning?
王叶回忆他看到药泥洞内留下的一些生活痕迹，对方应该也做了掩饰处理，只凭留下的垃圾和火堆灰烬真的很难判断神秘人的同伴到底有几个。
Wang Ye recalled that he saw some traces of life left in the medicine mud cave, and the other party should have also covered it up, and it was really difficult to judge how many companions the mysterious person had based on the garbage and ashes left behind.
这个谜看来只有找到神秘人才能知道答案。 It seems that the answer to this mystery can only be known by finding the mysterious man.
王叶打开因果卷，寻找和自己因果相连的人。 Wang Ye opened the cause and effect scroll and looked for someone who was connected to his cause and effect.
很可惜，那名神秘人对他没有仇恨心，也没有和他直接接触过，他无法从因果卷直接找到此人。
Unfortunately, the mysterious man had no hatred for him, nor had he had direct contact with him, and he was unable to find him directly from the Cause and Effect Scroll.
王叶原地绕了两圈，从早上看到那个爬船者开始，他就产生了一股挥之不去的不安感。
Wang Ye circled around twice on the spot, and from the moment he saw the boat climber in the morning, he had a lingering sense of unease.
偏偏他就是找不到原因。啊，难受！ But he just couldn't find the reason. Ah, uncomfortable!
“怎么了？”雷木看他转了半天，头晕。 "What's wrong?" Lei Mu watched him spin for a long time, dizzy.
王叶刚要说“没什么”，看到雷木关心他的眼神，顿时就稳不住了，扑到雷木面前，叽里呱啦一通说，重点说明自己的不安感。
Wang Ye was just about to say "nothing", but when he saw Lei Mu's eyes caring about him, he suddenly couldn't hold it down, and threw himself in front of Lei Mu, and said in a whisper, focusing on his uneasiness.
雷木弹了弹他的额头：“笨。这有什么好困扰的，不就是找那个神秘人吗？你找不到，不能发动全海沟村的人帮忙吗？就跟他们说，囚犯岛很可能逃出几名囚犯，且逃到了他们的岛上，你不用催他们，他们自己就要急着找。等找到那个神秘人，你想问什么就问。不用怕问不出来，我是不是没跟你说过，我的拷问手段还不错？”
Lei Mu flicked his forehead: "Stupid." What's so bothering about this, isn't it just looking for that mysterious person? Can't you find it, can't you mobilize the people of the whole Trench Village to help? Just tell them that there are probably a few prisoners who have escaped from Prisoner Island and escaped to their island, and you don't need to rush them, they will have to rush to find them. When you find the mysterious person, you can ask whatever you want. Don't be afraid that you won't be able to ask, didn't I tell you that my torture methods are not bad? ”
王叶不承认自己笨，他觉得自己是被那股不安感给临时烧短路了，才会没想到这么简单的方法。当即捂着额头哼哼唧唧，扑进雷木怀里，非要他给揉揉吹吹。
Wang Ye didn't admit that he was stupid, he felt that he was temporarily short-circuited by that sense of uneasiness, so he didn't expect such a simple method. immediately covered his forehead and hummed, and threw himself into Lei Mu's arms, asking him to rub and blow.
他现在就是小孩，怎么滴？ He's a kid now, what's the deal?
雷木把找人的事跟村长和船锚说了。 Reimu told the village chief and the anchor about finding someone.
两人本来就怀疑那个之前躲在药泥洞的神秘人的来历，一听对方很可能是隔壁囚犯岛逃过来的囚犯，还不止一人，都非常重视，当即就去找人准备排查全岛，并让全村的人都提高警惕。
The two of them were originally suspicious of the origin of the mysterious person who had been hiding in the medicine mud cave before, and when they heard that the other party was likely to be a prisoner who escaped from the prisoner island next door, and there was more than one person, they attached great importance to it, and immediately went to find someone to prepare to investigate the whole island, and asked the whole village to be vigilant.
王叶很想跟着去找，被拒绝，只好去弄石膏。 Wang Ye wanted to follow and find it, but was refused, so he had to get a plaster.
弄石膏也不错，他只跟海沟村人说了石膏矿的事，就又赚了两百点经验值。接下来还有烧制和制作石膏成品，这些都是经验值，不能浪费咯，他还要养家呢。
It's not bad to get gypsum, he only told the people of Trench Village about the gypsum mine, and he earned another two hundred experience points. Then there is the firing and making of the finished plaster, these are all experience points, and they can't be wasted, and he still has to support his family.
岛上简易土火窑已经有了五个，王叶用了其中一个烧石膏，其他火窑就在王叶指点下烧石灰和烧砖。
There are already five simple earthen kilns on the island, one of which Wang Ye used to burn gypsum, and the other kilns burned lime and bricks under Wang Ye's guidance.
因为岛上也发现了石灰矿石——这同样给王叶赚了两百点，王叶建议他们可以把贝壳烧的石灰留给自家用，矿石烧出来的石灰就卖出去。
Because lime ore was also found on the island, which also earned Wang Ye two hundred points, Wang Ye suggested that they could keep the lime burned in the shells for their own use, and the lime burned from the ore would be sold.
其实两者都差不多，但包括村人在内都觉得这样更好。 In fact, both are similar, but everyone in the village thinks it is better.
王叶为了赚经验值，很是认真地把石膏的用途详细跟海耀祖还有海潮海崖海蛋三兄弟说了，也跟他们说了这种矿石的提炼关键。
In order to earn experience points, Wang Ye seriously told the three brothers Hai Yaozu and Haichao, Haiya, and Hai Dan about the use of gypsum in detail, and also told them the key to refining this ore.
“就是一个字，烧。烧脆了，砸碎，砸出来的细滑粉末就是石膏粉。石膏的优点之一就是具有胶凝性，加点水搅拌就能快速黏在物体上，或凝成一团。”
"It's just one word, burn. When it is brittle, it is smashed, and the smooth powder that comes out is gypsum powder. One of the advantages of gypsum is that it is gelling, and it can quickly stick to an object or form a ball when stirred with a little water. ”
光说不够，没见过石膏的人根本不知道这东西要怎么用。
It's not enough, people who have never seen plaster don't know how to use it.
王叶就让他们弄了一筐石膏矿石回来，放到火窑里去烧，烧酥了砸成粉末。
Wang Ye asked them to get a basket of gypsum ore back, put it in the kiln to burn, and smashed it into powder.
他就当着不少村人的面，给石膏粉里加水，进行塑形，捏出了一个半身雷木。
In front of many villagers, he added water to the gypsum powder, shaped it, and pinched out a half-body thunder wood.
雷木如果不是看到那雕塑的脸上有文字刺青，都没认出来这个怪怪的雕塑就是他，他还以为是什么造型古怪的部族图腾。
If Lei Mu hadn't seen the tattoo on the face of the sculpture, he wouldn't have recognized this strange sculpture as him, and he thought it was some kind of weird-shaped tribal totem.
“……你还小，还有一只手不方便，能捏成这样已经不错。”雷木夸奖王叶。
“…… You're still young, and you still have an inconvenient hand, so it's good to be able to pinch it like this. Lei Mu praised Wang Ye.
王叶幼稚地鼓起嘴巴，他上辈子为了提高鉴定术也去学了美术和雕塑方面的知识，但他在美术方面的天赋真的很低，学习绘画和雕塑也是三天打鱼两天晒网，死之前连个鸡蛋都画不好。
Wang Ye puffed out his mouth childishly, he also learned the knowledge of art and sculpture in his previous life in order to improve his appraisal skills, but his talent in art is really low, learning painting and sculpture is also three days of fishing and two days of drying nets, and he can't even draw an egg well before he dies.
这辈子他一定会把这块短板补齐！王叶捏拳，暗暗发誓。
In this life, he will definitely make up for this shortcoming! Wang Ye clenched his fists and swore secretly.
村人看到石灰矿石烧成粉末，加水后竟然能重新塑形，都好奇不已，好多人抢着玩起石膏。
The villagers were very curious when they saw that the lime ore was burned into powder and could be reshaped after adding water, and many people rushed to play with gypsum.
可惜石膏干得很快，不过海沟村人的脑子也不笨，他们在玩乐中自我开发出新的技能——用石刀和贝壳刀对凝聚成团的石膏重新塑形。
Unfortunately, the plaster dried quickly, but the people of Trench Village were not stupid, and they developed a new skill for themselves in the course of play—using stone knives and shell knives to reshape the clumps of plaster.
王叶告诉海沟村人，石膏粉末还可以压制成板子，做成石膏板和石膏线条，用来装饰屋顶屋角和墙面等等。
Wang Ye told the people of Haigou Village that gypsum powder can also be pressed into boards, made into gypsum board and gypsum lines, which are used to decorate roof corners and walls.
听到脑中传来的接连信息提醒声，王叶怎么看海沟村人怎么可爱，这可都是给他送经验值的宝贝啊~
Hearing the continuous message reminders in his head, how did Wang Ye see how cute the people of Trench Village were, this is a treasure that gives him experience points~
石膏的用途很多，还能用来点豆腐。但岛上没有豆类食物，王叶只说了一个大概，就忙起了他之前就想尝试的一件事，制作石膏绷带。
Gypsum has many uses, and it can also be used to order tofu. But there was no bean food on the island, Wang Ye only said a rough idea, and he was busy with one thing he wanted to try before, making plaster bandages.
说来也好笑，王叶想要找到石膏是为了固定自己的骨折左臂，可等他开始烧制石膏，他的左臂已经恢复得差不多。
It's funny to say that Wang Ye wanted to find the plaster cast in order to fix his fractured left arm, but by the time he started to burn the plaster, his left arm had almost recovered.
连续两次服用药泥精华，每天还能浸泡药泥浴，又有足够的因果之力能量治疗，他的伤势复原很快。
After taking the medicinal mud essence twice in a row, soaking in the medicinal mud bath every day, and having enough karmic power energy treatment, his injuries recovered quickly.
王叶估摸着再服用一次药泥精华，他之前被老王虐打出来的伤势就能彻底复原。
Wang Ye estimated that if he took the medicinal clay essence again, he would be able to completely recover from the injuries he had been beaten by Lao Wang before.
这次他还特别注重后脑勺的伤口，因果之力的治疗能量大多都被他送到那里，就怕再留下淤血。
This time, he also paid special attention to the wound on the back of his head, and most of the healing energy of the power of cause and effect was sent there by him, for fear of leaving bruises again.
不止是他，雷木也恢复得很好，胸前伤口已经彻底收敛变成一条肉红色的疤痕。
Not only him, but Reimu also recovered well, and the wound on his chest had completely converged into a flesh-red scar.
不过王叶并没有放弃石膏，他想找到石膏还是因为想和药泥结合试试，现在他用不到，以后可以卖给别人用，还能哄他师父高兴。
However, Wang Ye did not give up the gypsum, he wanted to find the gypsum because he wanted to try it in combination with the medicinal mud, now he can't use it, he can sell it to others in the future, and he can also make his master happy.
王叶打算等把药泥石膏混合绷带弄出来后就回地球一趟，他答应他姑三五天就会回去，而今天已经是第五天。
Wang Ye planned to go back to Earth after getting out the medicated mud plaster mixed bandage, and he promised his aunt that he would go back in three or five days, and today was already the fifth day.
他要是再不回去，他姑就要急坏了。 If he doesn't go back, his aunt will be in a hurry.
上辈子王叶就有在游戏中自己制作石膏绷带的经验，这辈子加上药泥，试验了几十次，也就弄出了适当配比。
In his previous life, Wang Ye had the experience of making gypsum bandages by himself in the game, and in this life, he added medicinal mud and tried dozens of times, and he came up with an appropriate ratio.
这种药泥加石膏的混合绷带，优点就是可以更加快速地愈合骨折伤，同时又能起到快干固定的作用。
The advantage of this mixed bandage of mud and plaster is that it can heal fractures more quickly, and at the same time, it can play a role in quick-drying and fixation.
雷木就看小家伙从下午一直忙活到凌晨，最后左臂上套着一个硬筒子，钻进了他怀里，扒着他就睡着了。
Lei Mu watched the little guy work from the afternoon until the early hours of the morning, and finally put a hard tube on his left arm, got into his arms, and fell asleep with him.
也不嫌热得慌。雷木无奈，拿布巾给小孩擦擦额头冒出的汗水，又拿起一张棕榈叶编织的扇子，慢慢地摇晃着。
It's not too hot to panic. Lei Mu was helpless, so he wiped the sweat on the child's forehead with a cloth towel, and picked up a fan woven of palm leaves, shaking it slowly.
王叶嗅闻着熟悉的气息，恍然间有些时空错乱之感，不过这个雷木的气息里没有上辈子的浓浓药味，有的只是刚清洗过的清爽冷冽味，让他忍不住就抱上去。
Wang Ye sniffed the familiar breath, and suddenly felt a sense of time and space confusion, but the breath of this thunderwood did not have the strong medicinal smell of the previous life, and there was only a refreshing and cold smell that had just been cleaned, so he couldn't help but hug it.
天然冰枕。好吧，没那么凉，但真的很舒服，木木的肌肤就像是能自动调节体温。
Natural ice pillows. Well, it's not that cool, but it's really comfortable, and Mumu's skin seems to automatically regulate its body temperature.
王叶身心都安定下来，很快就进入深度睡眠。 Wang Ye's body and mind settled down, and he soon fell into a deep sleep.
石洞门窗都安装上了，相当厚实和牢固，他也在各处安装了一些小机关，这样就不用人硬撑着守夜，只要有人和动物进来，他们马上就会惊醒。
The doors and windows of the cave were installed, quite thick and strong, and he also installed small mechanisms here and there, so that no one had to keep a vigil, and as soon as people and animals came in, they would wake up immediately.
次日清晨，不想再让小爸爸养着的雷木跟着海耀祖几人进山，想要弄点货物换钱。
In the early morning of the next day, Lei Mu, who didn't want to let his little father raise him anymore, followed Hai Yaozu and a few others into the mountain, wanting to get some goods in exchange for money.
王叶没跟着一起去，他说是留在洞中，实际打算回去地球。
Wang Ye didn't go with him, he said that he stayed in the cave and actually planned to go back to Earth.
这次回去除了安顿姑姑，他还想去医院做个全身检查，给全身都来一套核磁共振。
In addition to settling down to his aunt this time, he also wanted to go to the hospital for a full body examination and give his whole body a set of MRIs.
也就是现在他还不能内视才这么麻烦，等以后他能内视，就不用这么麻烦了。
That is, it is so troublesome that he can't look inward now, and when he can look inward in the future, there will be no need to be so troublesome.
这回他没犯傻，主动询问：“带上我手臂上的药泥石膏，一小桶药泥，和我的衣服，要额外花费多少经验值？”
This time, he didn't make a fool of himself, and took the initiative to ask: "How much additional experience will it cost to bring the medicated mud plaster on my arm, a small bucket of medicated mud, and my clothes?" ”
【药泥石膏，19点经验值。1226克药泥，123点。全套衣服，3点。】
[Medicated mud plaster, 19 XP.] 1226 grams of medicated puree, 123 points. Full suit, 3 o'clock. 】
“怎么要这么多？传我一个大活人过去才花费50点，怎么一公斤左右的死物药泥就要123点？”王叶炒鸡不满。
"Why do you want so much? It was rumored that it only cost me 50 points for a big living person in the past, why did a kilogram of dead medicine mud cost 123 points? Wang Ye fried chicken was dissatisfied.
【玩家隔壁小王身怀元宇宙钥匙，该钥匙平时就在吸收游离能量，每次远距离实体传送，元宇宙钥匙也提供了一定能量和绝对保护。故，玩家传送回地球只需要花费50点经验值。】
[Xiao Wang next door to the player has a metaverse key, which usually absorbs free energy, and every time a long-distance physical teleportation, the metaverse key also provides a certain amount of energy and absolute protection. Therefore, it only costs 50 XP for the player to teleport back to Earth. 】
【其他非地球物品，如果是地球已有物品，所需经验值较低。如果是地球没有的物品，物品所含能量越高，需要消耗的经验值也越高。】
[Other non-Earth items, if they are already on Earth, the XP required is low.] If it is an item that is not available on Earth, the higher the energy contained in the item, the higher the amount of experience it will cost. 】
可恶！王叶磨牙，他舍不得浪费经验值，但药泥是他必须带回去的，他要带回去给他姑姑覆全身。本来他想直接带精华液，又怕他姑姑虚不受补。
Damn it! Wang Ye grinds his teeth, he is reluctant to waste experience points, but the medicinal mud is something he must bring back, and he wants to bring it back to cover his aunt's whole body. Originally, he wanted to bring the essence directly, but he was afraid that his aunt would not be able to make up for it.
现在想想，说不定精华液需要的经验值更多。 Now that I think about it, maybe the serum requires more experience points.
“衣服鞋袜就不用传了，只额外传药泥和药泥石膏。” "Clothes, shoes and socks don't need to be passed on, only additional medicine mud and medicine mud gypsum."
【好的，相应经验值已扣除，传送开始。】 [Okay, the corresponding experience points have been deducted, and the teleportation begins.] 】
海沟岛距离药泥洞大约三百多米远的山内，拖着一只脚的男子躲在一颗大树后，抠着树皮。
In the mountain, about 300 meters away from the medicine mud cave on Trench Island, a man with one foot in tow hid behind a big tree, picking at the bark.
就在刚才，他的简易小屋被当地人发现了。 Just now, his improvised cottage was discovered by locals.
他们似乎特意进山寻找什么，看到他的小屋就吹响了叶哨，不一会儿就叫来许多人。
They seemed to have gone into the mountains to look for something, and when they saw his hut, they blew the leaf whistle, and in a short time many people were called.
瘸腿男子听到他们提到“囚犯岛”、“囚犯”等字眼，就知道他的行踪暴露了。
When the lame man heard them mention the words "prisoner's island" and "prisoner", he knew that his whereabouts were exposed.
可为什么前几天不找他，偏偏那人离去后，当地人就来找他了？
But why didn't they look for him a few days ago, but after the man left, the locals came to look for him?
难道那人没能跟随那个叫鲨鱼的人的船只离开，反而被抓住了？
Could it be that the man failed to follow the boat of the man named Shark and was caught?
他供出了自己？ He confessed himself?
为什么？他不应该保护自己吗？ Why? Shouldn't he protect himself?
虽然自己胸膛里这个还没有孵化，但大家都是“同类”不是吗？
Although this one in my chest has not yet hatched, everyone is "of the same kind", isn't it?
还是说，对方已经知道他有延缓孵化虫卵的方法，已经不再把他当同类看，所以才离开他，又在被抓后供出他？
Or did the other party already know that he had a way to delay the hatching of insect eggs, and no longer regarded him as his own kind, so he left him and confessed to him after being caught?
不对，那人应该已经死了，包括已经孵化的虫卵。 No, the man should have died, including the eggs that had hatched.
瘸腿男子胡思乱想了很多，趁海沟村人不注意，悄悄逃入更深的树林中。
The lame man thought a lot, and took advantage of the fact that the people of Trench Village were not paying attention, and quietly fled deeper into the woods.
瘸腿男子没有注意到，一道黑影跟上了他。 The lame man didn't notice that a dark shadow followed him.
雷木听到叶哨音，也找了过来，但他没有露面。 Lei Mu heard Ye Whistle and also came over, but he didn't show up.
他看村人没有在那座小屋找到人，就在注意观察四周。 He saw that the villagers had not found anyone in the hut, so he kept an eye on the surroundings.
当他静下心放大耳力，他就听到了不属于他和那些村人的微弱呼吸声和心跳声。
When he calmed down and enlarged his ears, he heard the faint sounds of breathing and heartbeats that did not belong to him and the villagers.
这时他还不能确定这是人，还是动物。 At this point, he wasn't sure if it was a human or an animal.
于是他又使用了眼术。 So he used eye surgery again.
一个人形的能量体出现在不远处的大树后。 A humanoid energy body appeared behind a large tree not far away.
嗯？雷木的目光停留在那个人形的胸口处，那里竟然还有一个更为明亮的能量体。
Well? Lei Mu's gaze rested on the humanoid's chest, where there was an even brighter energy body.
他很确定，这不是那人的心脏，这是另一个生命体。 He was sure that this was not the man's heart, it was another living being.
雷木思考片刻，没有叫破那人的行踪，而是在那人躲入林子时跟了上去。
Reimu thought for a moment, and instead of telling the man's whereabouts, he followed the man as he hid in the woods.
第27章 要债 Chapter 27 Debts
地球，钟山市，13区。 Earth, Zhongshan City, District 13.
他姑看到他的第一句话就是：“你怎么又没穿衣服？” The first thing his aunt said when she saw him was, "Why don't you have any clothes on?" ”
第二句：“你怎么今天才回来？” Second sentence: "Why did you only come back today?" ”
王叶穿上自己的衣裤，借口师父给他泡在药池里疗伤，必须泡满五天。
Wang Ye put on his own clothes and pants, and used the excuse that the master soaked him in the medicine pool to heal his injuries, and he had to soak for five days.
“姑，你看我一泡完就回来找你了，因为急着回来，我都没来得及穿衣服。你看我是不是好了很多？啊，对了，我还给你带回来一小桶药泥，这是我师门特产，美容养颜调养身体恢复身体机能，功效多多。你去洗个澡，然后涂抹上试试，保证你涂一次就能年轻五岁。”王叶提着木桶献宝。
"Aunt, you see that I came back to you as soon as I finished soaking, because I was in a hurry to come back, and I didn't even have time to get dressed. Do you think I'm much better? Ah, by the way, I also brought you a small bucket of medicinal mud, which is a specialty of my master, beautifying and recuperating the body and restoring body functions, with many effects. You go take a shower and try it on, and you're guaranteed to be five years younger after one application. Wang Ye carried a wooden barrel to offer treasure.
王沐好气又好笑，她可不相信这世上有这么好用的药泥，“先放一边吧，你身体怎么样？我们去医院做个检查好不好？”
Wang Mu was angry and funny, she didn't believe that there was such a good medicinal mud in this world, "Let's put it aside, how is your body?" Shall we go to the hospital for a check-up? ”
“姑，你是不是遇到了什么事？”王叶同时问道。 "Aunt, did something happen to you?" Wang Ye asked at the same time.
王沐抿了抿嘴唇，“买房人听说老王脑溢血一直没醒，跑来提醒我们月底一定要搬走，他们房产证已经办下来了。”
Wang Mu pursed his lips, "The buyer heard that Lao Wang had a cerebral hemorrhage and never woke up, so he came to remind us that we must move out at the end of the month, and their real estate certificate has been issued." ”
王叶呵呵：“行啊，让他们把尾款付清，我们马上搬。”
Wang Ye hehe: "Okay, let them pay the balance off, and we will move immediately." ”
王沐眼中闪过愤恨之色：“我跟他们提了，他们含糊其辞，一会儿说不知道这个事，一会儿说等老王醒了让老王跟他们谈。”
Wang Mu's eyes flashed with resentment: "I mentioned it to them, but they were vague, saying that they didn't know about it for a while, and saying that they would let Lao Wang talk to them when Lao Wang woke up." ”
“操！”王叶就知道上辈子那家人能做出赖账的事，这辈子想要要回尾款也不会那么顺顺利利，所以他才跟他姑说，等他回来一起去要债。
"!" Wang Ye knew that the family could do things in the previous life, and it would not be so smooth to get the balance back in this life, so he told his aunt that he would go to ask for debts together when he came back.
王沐捏了捏侄子的耳朵：“不准说脏话。” Wang Mu pinched his nephew's ear: "No swearing." ”
王叶拍了拍嘴唇，有口无心地道：“我错了，以后不说了。姑，走，我们现在就去他家。”
Wang Ye patted his lips and said unintentionally: "I was wrong, I won't say it in the future." Aunt, let's go, we'll go to his house now. ”
“你刚回来……” "You just came back......"
“你不是要带我去医院检查身体吗，没钱怎么检查？核磁共振可贵了。”
"Aren't you going to take me to the hospital for a physical examination, how can I get it checked if I don't have money? MRI is precious. ”
王沐不说了，揣上欠条，带上侄子…… Wang Mu didn't say anything, took the IOU and brought his nephew......
“等等，姑姑，我包裹伤口的纱布还有没有？”王叶问。
"Wait, auntie, do you have any gauze for my wound?" Wang Ye asked.
“有。”王沐疑惑了一会儿，但不久就知道侄子想干什么了。
"Yes." Wang Mu was puzzled for a while, but soon knew what his nephew wanted to do.
瘦瘦小小的孩子穿着洗过不知多少遍的廉价T恤和短裤以及一双卖价顶多十块钱的塑料凉鞋，头上裹着纱布，手臂裹着石膏吊在脖子上，脸上、以及裸露出来的肌肤上涂满了紫药水，牵着他姑姑的手，一瘸一拐地走在路上，引得无数路人转头看他。
Wearing cheap T-shirts and shorts that had been washed many times and a pair of plastic sandals that sold for up to ten yuan, the skinny little child was wrapped in gauze on his head, his arms were wrapped in plaster cast around his neck, his face and bare skin were covered with purple potion, and he limped down the road holding his aunt's hand, causing countless passers-by to turn their heads to look at him.
该小区很少有人不认识王叶的。 There are very few people in the community who don't know Wang Ye.
就算以前不认识，前几天王家又是警车又是救护车，老王和王叶都是被从家里抬出来的，导致围观的人特别多。
Even if I didn't know each other before, the Wang family was a police car and an ambulance a few days ago, and Lao Wang and Wang Ye were both carried out of the house, resulting in a lot of onlookers.
老王的妹妹王沐就站在马路上指着老王的担架破口大骂，骂他不是东西，诅咒他早死早好，要不是警察拦着，王沐能上去把担架掀翻。
Lao Wang's sister Wang Mu stood on the road and pointed at Lao Wang's stretcher and scolded, scolding him for not being a thing, cursing him for dying early, if it wasn't for the police to stop him, Wang Mu could go up and overturn the stretcher.
围观的人多，加上王沐一点都不想给老王遮掩他的恶行，许多人都听到了老王借酒装疯把儿子打成重伤的事。
There were many onlookers, and Wang Mu didn't want to cover up his evil deeds for Lao Wang at all, and many people heard that Lao Wang pretended to be crazy and beat his son to a serious injury.
有人还用手机拍下来传到网上。 Some people even took pictures with their mobile phones and posted them on the Internet.
本来这事还是在小范围传播，可没想到传到网上的视频引来了记者。
Originally, this matter was still spreading in a small area, but I didn't expect the video to be uploaded to the Internet to attract reporters.
自称是某社交网站的网约记者采访了当时出警的民警和周围看热闹的居民，又去了收治老王和王叶的医院，了解到详细情况后就在几家国内最大自媒体平台发表了他的文章。
An online reporter claiming to be a social networking site interviewed the police who were out of the police at the time and the surrounding residents who were watching the excitement, and went to the hospital where Lao Wang and Wang Ye were treated, and after learning the details, he published his article on several of the largest self-media platforms in China.
这位记者重点不是说老王虐子——这种新闻负能量太多，人们看到标题都不愿意点进来。
The reporter's point is not to say that Lao Wang abuses his son - there is too much negative energy in this kind of news, and people are reluctant to click on the headlines when they see them.
而这种自媒体记者就靠文章下面附带的广告来赚钱，点击阅读他文章的人越多，广告商给他的钱就越多。
And this kind of self-media reporter relies on the advertisements attached to the article to make money, and the more people click to read his article, the more money the advertiser gives him.
为此，他打的标题是“喝酒喝成植物人”，这种标题和新闻比较猎奇，不少读者会愿意点进来看一看，尤其是爱喝酒和需要经常应酬的人，还有他们的家人。
For this reason, he typed the title "Drinking and Drinking into a Vegetative State", which is a kind of headline and news, and many readers will be willing to click in to take a look, especially those who love to drink and need to socialize frequently, as well as their families.
至于虐子的内容，该记者就写了一句话，说饮酒者因为醉酒，毒打才八岁的儿子，把儿子打得昏迷不醒后，自己也脑溢血昏迷。
As for the content of the abuse, the reporter wrote a sentence saying that the drinker beat his eight-year-old son because he was drunk, and after beating his son unconscious, he himself suffered a cerebral hemorrhage and fell into a coma.
不少抱着猎奇之心点进来的人，看到文章最后，全都大喊报应。
Many people who came in with a sense of curiosity shouted retribution at the end of the article.
之后，这篇文章一定程度火了，不少人转发到微信群。 After that, this article became popular to a certain extent, and many people forwarded it to the WeChat group.
13区的人一看主角竟然就是他们这一片的人，关心这条新闻的人更多，在小区一些大群里疯传，这就导致老王和小王在本区变得非常出名。
The people in District 13 saw that the protagonist turned out to be their own person, and there were more people who cared about this news, and it went viral in some large groups in the community, which caused Lao Wang and Xiao Wang to become very famous in this district.
王沐带着王叶一出门，有些人认出了这对姑侄，有人不认识的，就赶紧说这是谁谁谁。
As soon as Wang Mu took Wang Ye out, some people recognized the pair of aunts and nephews, and some people didn't know them, so they hurriedly said who was this.
王叶扯了扯他姑姑，小声跟她说，让她看到认识的人，就跟他们打招呼，如果对方问他们去哪里，就跟他们说是去要老王的卖房尾款。
Wang Ye pulled his aunt and whispered to her, let her see the people she knew, greet them, and if the other party asked them where they were going, tell them that they were going to ask for the balance of Lao Wang's sale.
不用王沐主动跟人打招呼，就有人一脸同情地叫住她，问她是不是去医院，又怜悯了看起来特别凄惨的王叶一番。
Without Wang Mu taking the initiative to greet someone, someone stopped her with a sympathetic face, asked her if she was going to the hospital, and took pity on Wang Ye, who looked particularly miserable.
王沐就顺势哭诉老王不是东西，赌博欠了大笔赌债，把唯一住房也给卖了，如今他喝酒喝得变成植物人，什么都不用管了，可王叶就没地方住了。
Wang Mu took the opportunity to cry that Lao Wang was not a thing, he owed a lot of gambling debts for gambling, and sold his only house, and now he drank so much that he became a vegetative person, and he didn't have to worry about anything, but Wang Ye had no place to live.
加上医院费用太贵，老王也不可能一直住在医院里，人要接回来，可住哪里呢？她那里就一个单间，塞一个王叶可以，可老王回家了住哪里？谁来照顾？
In addition, the cost of the hospital is too expensive, and it is impossible for Lao Wang to live in the hospital all the time, so if he wants to take him back, where can he live? She has a single room there, and it's okay to stuff a Wang Ye, but where does Lao Wang live when he goes home? Who will take care of it?
王沐抹抹眼泪，说幸好老王卖房还有一笔尾款，对方还没付，说好交接房子的时候付，她现在就是带侄子去那买房人家交接房子，把卖房尾款拿回来。
Wang Mu wiped her tears, and said that fortunately, Lao Wang still had a balance payment for selling the house, and the other party had not paid it yet, and said that she would pay it when the house was handed over, and she was now taking her nephew to the buyer's house to hand over the house and get the balance of the sale of the house back.
王叶从头至尾低着头，像是没有任何反应。 Wang Ye lowered his head from beginning to end, as if he didn't react at all.
小区的人都习惯了他这样，这孩子对谁都不亲近。 The people in the community are used to him like this, and this child is not close to anyone.
就在众人饱含各种情绪的目光尾随下，王沐和王叶来到那买房人家的楼房下面。
Just as everyone was following with all kinds of emotions, Wang Mu and Wang Ye came to the bottom of the building where the buyer was purchased.
王沐一开始还奇怪王叶怎么知道买房人家的住处，王叶只含糊地说他以前见过这家人。
Wang Mu wondered how Wang Ye knew the buyer's residence at first, and Wang Ye only vaguely said that he had seen this family before.
王沐也没在意，毕竟同一个小区，见过也正常。 Wang Mu didn't care, after all, it was normal to see it in the same community.
王沐在出发前就给对方打了电话，但对方还想拖延，一会儿说在出差，一会儿说没时间。
Wang Mu called the other party before leaving, but the other party still wanted to delay, saying that he was on a business trip for a while, and that he didn't have time for a while.
如今到了这家人的楼下，王沐点了手机外放，用很大的声音，对着电话直白地道：“我们来拿房屋尾款了，就在你们家楼下。你们写的欠条还在，不能老王躺医院了，你们就不认这笔账。我还得养我才八岁的侄子，还得养变成植物人的老王，没这笔钱，我只能带着我侄子撞死在你家门口。”
Now that he is downstairs in this family, Wang Mu clicked on his mobile phone and said bluntly into the phone in a loud voice: "We are here to get the balance of the house, just downstairs in your house." The IOU you wrote is still there, and you can't lie in the hospital, so you won't admit this account. I still have to raise my eight-year-old nephew, and I have to raise Lao Wang, who has become a vegetative person, and without this money, I can only take my nephew to die in front of your house. ”
对方不耐烦地说：“都说了这事我们跟老王谈，你拿一张欠条来，张嘴就说是我们还有一笔尾款没付，谁知道你们是不是来讹诈。”
The other party said impatiently: "We have said that we will talk to Lao Wang about this, you take an IOU, and open your mouth to say that we still have a balance to pay, who knows if you are here to blackmail." ”
“老王变成植物人了，怎么跟你们谈？你们还不是看老王变成那样了，就想把尾款赖掉。我就问你们丧不丧良心？”王沐怒斥。
"Lao Wang has become a vegetative person, how can I talk to you? You haven't seen Lao Wang become like that, and you want to get rid of the final payment. I ask you if you have lost your conscience? Wang Mu scolded angrily.
王沐和王叶在该小区现在也是名人了，看到他们站在某栋楼楼下，很多人自然聚集过来，看是怎么回事。
Wang Mu and Wang Ye are also celebrities in the community now, and when they saw them standing under a certain building, many people naturally gathered to see what was going on.
说话的换了一个人，是个女人，让王沐不要待在楼下，上他家谈。
The person who spoke was a different person, it was a woman, and asked Wang Mu not to stay downstairs and go to his house to talk.
王沐拒绝，让对方下来，又哭：“我求你们别赖账，王叶还小啊，你们看他被老王打成什么样，他现在就等着这笔钱继续到医院治疗，以后疗养更要花钱，他才八岁啊。你们赖掉这笔钱就是在逼他去死啊，你们怎么能这么狠心？不过就三十八万，对你们算得了什么，老王那套房子就卖给你们八十八万，你们才付了五十万就想拿下来，做人不能这么缺德啊。”
Wang Mu refused, let the other party come down, and cried again: "I beg you not to pay the bills, Wang Ye is still young, you see what he was beaten by Lao Wang, he is now waiting for this money to continue to go to the hospital for treatment, and it will cost more money to recuperate in the future, he is only eight years old." You are forcing him to die by relying on this money, how can you be so ruthless? But it's only 380,000 yuan, what is it for you, Lao Wang's house will be sold to you for 880,000 yuan, and you only pay 500,000 yuan and want to take it down, you can't be so immoral. ”
对方挂了电话。 The other party hung up the phone.
王沐就在楼下抹眼泪，当场打电话报警。 Wang Mu wiped his tears downstairs and called the police on the spot.
很多看热闹的人就问王沐是怎么回事，王沐就一五一十说了。
Many people who watched the excitement asked Wang Mu what was going on, and Wang Mu said 1510.
民警很快来了。 The police soon arrived.
王沐把欠条给他们看，跟他们说明情况。 Wang Mu showed them the IOU and explained the situation to them.
民警都了解姑侄俩的情况，就帮他们打电话给那家人，让他们和王沐好好谈。
The police all knew about the situation of the aunt and nephew, so they helped them call the family and asked them to have a good talk with Wang Mu.
那家人不得不从家里出来来到楼下，看到那么多看热闹的人就很生气。
The family had to come out of the house and go downstairs, and they were angry when they saw so many people watching the excitement.
民警问王沐是到那家人家里谈，还是到派出所谈。 The police asked Wang Mu whether he would go to the family's house to talk or to the police station.
王叶一把抓住他姑姑的手，小声但清晰地说：“不走，会打人。”
Wang Ye grabbed his aunt's hand and said quietly but clearly: "If you don't leave, you will beat people." ”
民警以为王叶被老王的毒打吓坏了，忙安抚他，说没人会打人。
The police thought that Wang Ye was frightened by Lao Wang's beating, and hurriedly comforted him, saying that no one would beat anyone.
王叶抱着他姑姑，死活不松手，也哪里都不肯去。 Wang Ye hugged his aunt, didn't let go, and refused to go anywhere.
民警无奈，也不能强行把王叶拖走。 The police were helpless, and they couldn't forcibly drag Wang Ye away.
王沐哭着说她侄子被吓坏了，从医院醒来就逃跑，就怕被他爸打死。要不是有好心人带他去别的医院治疗，又把他送回家，她侄子可能就没了。
Wang Mu cried that her nephew was frightened and ran away from the hospital for fear of being beaten to death by his father. If it hadn't been for a good Samaritan who took him to another hospital for treatment and sent him home, her nephew might have been gone.
民警叹气，轻轻摸了摸王叶的头，建议王沐去法院上告，说有欠条的话，基本上都能告下来。
The policeman sighed, gently touched Wang Ye's head, and suggested that Wang Mu go to the court to sue, saying that if there is an IOU, he can basically sue him.
“可我们现在急需要用钱，老王还躺在医院里，王叶也需要钱治病……”王沐嘴唇颤抖。
"But we urgently need money now, Lao Wang is still lying in the hospital, and Wang Ye also needs money for treatment...... "Wang Mu's lips trembled.
有路人看不过去，大声道：“你们可以上法院告他们赖账和违约，除了还钱，再让他们赔偿你们这段时间的损失。”
Some passers-by couldn't look past it and said loudly: "You can go to court to sue them for default and breach of contract, in addition to paying back the money, and then let them compensate you for the losses during this time." ”
“就是啊，我们给你作证。只要欠条是真的，就让他们赔偿你们这段时间的损失，人如果因为他们耽误了，让他们养一辈子！”
"That's right, we'll testify to you. As long as the IOU is true, let them compensate you for the loss of this time, and if they are delayed, let them support them for a lifetime! ”
反正说说话又不要付出什么，很多人看这对姑侄着实可怜，都忍不住想要帮助他们。
Anyway, don't pay anything when you talk about it, many people see that this pair of aunts and nephews is really pitiful, and they can't help but want to help them.
“我回来了我回来了！不好意思，我家人不清楚情况，这欠条是我写的，钱我们一定给。当初我们也是怕老王占着房子不给，哎呀，这不是小王叶嘛，看你爸多狠，竟然把你打成这样，真不是东西。”这家家主回来了，特别热情地要拉王沐到他家里说。
"I'm back, I'm back! I'm sorry, my family doesn't know the situation, I wrote this IOU, and we will definitely give the money. At the beginning, we were also afraid that Lao Wang would occupy the house and not give it, hey, this is not Xiao Wang Ye, look at how ruthless your father is, he actually beat you like this, it's really not a thing. The head of the family came back and was very enthusiastic about pulling Wang Mu to his house.
其实这人是在接到王沐电话后，特意跑出去的，他就在附近，听到情况发展对他们家越来越不利，就假装刚知道这件事，跑回来了。
In fact, this person deliberately ran out after receiving a call from Wang Mu, he was nearby, and when he heard that the situation was becoming more and more unfavorable to their family, he pretended to know about it and ran back.
民警和路人都能看出这家人的无耻，但这年头很多欠债的才是大爷，为了赖账，闹出什么事都不奇怪。如今欠债人肯还钱，债主就要放炮竹庆祝了。
The police and passers-by can see the shamelessness of this family, but many of the people who owe debts in these years are the uncles, and it is not surprising that anything happens in order to repay the debt. Now that the debtor is willing to pay back, the creditor will set off firecrackers to celebrate.
一直不肯抬头的王叶忽然抬起头，冷冰冰地道：“你们欺负我姑姑，还赖账，和老王一样，也不是东西，都是人渣。”
Wang Ye, who had been refusing to look up, suddenly raised his head and said coldly: "You bullied my aunt and paid off the debt, just like Lao Wang, you are not a thing, you are all scum." ”
“怎么说话的你！” "How do you talk!"
“算了算了，老王养的崽子能说出什么好话。”家主忙拉住自己儿子。
"Forget it, what good things can the cub raised by the old king say." The head of the family hurriedly grabbed his son.
王叶冲他们呸了一声。 Wang Ye snorted at them.
一家人脸色都不太好看，但说这话和冲他们吐口水的是一个小孩子，旁边还有民警和那么多看热闹的人，他们总不能上去打这死孩子吧？
The family's face is not very good-looking, but it is a small child who said this and spat at them, and there are police officers and so many people watching the excitement next to them, they can't go up and beat this dead child, right?
王沐叱责侄子：“不要这样做。别人坏，你不能跟着学坏。”
Wang Mu scolded his nephew: "Don't do this. If others are bad, you can't learn from them. ”
“知道了，姑姑。”王叶低头，老老实实地承认错误。 "Got it, auntie." Wang Ye bowed his head and honestly admitted his mistakes.
那家家主气得要死，还得扯出一张笑脸道：“呵呵，误会误会，我家人也是想要谨慎一点，大家都知道老王那个人，我们现在把钱给你们了，到时候老王要是又跑来跟我们要怎么办？”
The head of the family was so angry that he had to pull out a smiling face and said: "Hehe, misunderstanding, misunderstanding, my family also wants to be cautious, everyone knows Lao Wang, we will give you the money now, what if Lao Wang comes to us again?" ”
王沐抿唇道：“现在警察就在这里，你把那笔尾款付了，我把欠条还给你，大家都是人证。老王就算醒了，又怎么来闹你？他敢闹，你们就可以报警抓他。”
Wang Mu pursed his lips and said: "Now the police are here, you pay the final payment, I will return the IOU to you, everyone is a witness." Even if Lao Wang wakes up, how can he trouble you? If he dares to make trouble, you can call the police and arrest him. ”
那家人眼看也没办法再拖下去，欠条是真的，真打官司，王沐和王叶是弱者，赢的可能性高达九成九。
The family can't afford to drag it out any longer, the IOU is real, the lawsuit is real, Wang Mu and Wang Ye are the weak, and the probability of winning is as high as nine out of nine.
那为什么之前不给？ Then why didn't you give it before?
还不就是抱着能拖就拖、能赖就赖掉的意思，这家人还指望老王没把尾款的事跟王叶和王沐说。再加上老王变成植物人，这笔欠款自然就相当于作废。等到老王醒来那天，如果他能醒来的话，说不定都过了讨债追诉有效期。
It's not just that they have the meaning of delaying if they can and relying on what they can, and the family is still counting on Lao Wang not to tell Wang Ye and Wang Mu about the final payment. Coupled with the fact that Lao Wang has become a vegetative person, this arrears are naturally equivalent to invalidation. On the day Lao Wang woke up, if he could wake up, maybe the validity period for debt collection and prosecution would have passed.
现在见赖不过，王沐和那个小野种又很能闹，权衡利弊，那家家主，也是当初写欠条的人，只能当场给王沐转账，把借条收了回来，又死活让王沐打了一张收条。
Now that I can't see it, Wang Mu and that little wild seed are very capable of making trouble, weighing the pros and cons, the head of the family, who was also the person who wrote the IOU at the beginning, could only transfer money to Wang Mu on the spot, took the IOU back, and let Wang Mu make a receipt.
最后那买房人还假惺惺地说可以再给他们一周时间，让他们姑侄找房子。
In the end, the buyer pretended to give them another week to let their aunt and nephew find a house.
王沐看三十八万到账，心里松了口气，当即感谢了民警和周围看热闹的居民，还要给他们下跪，被民警赶紧拉住了。
Wang Mu saw that the 380,000 yuan had arrived, and he was relieved, and immediately thanked the police and the surrounding residents who were watching the excitement, and knelt down for them, but the police quickly stopped them.
周围的居民看了这场大热闹，又自觉做了一次正义使者，都很兴奋，当天就把这事传得到处都是。
The surrounding residents saw this great excitement and consciously became a messenger of justice, and they were very excited, and they spread the news everywhere that day.
那买房人一家大概要在一段时间内被人指指戳戳了，就算没有，他们自己心里也会疑神疑鬼，觉得不舒服。
The buyer's family will probably be pointed at and poked for a while, and even if they don't, they will be suspicious and uncomfortable.
王叶爽了，他要的就是这种效果，别人让他和他姑不舒服，他也不会让对方舒坦。否则他可以让他姑去法院告，一张传票也能解决问题，但那样做不但不能给对方一个教训，想要真正拿到钱也得花很长时间。
Wang Ye is cool, what he wants is this effect, others make him and his aunt uncomfortable, and he will not make the other party comfortable. Otherwise, he can ask his aunt to go to court to sue, and a summons can solve the problem, but not only will it not teach the other party a lesson, but it will take a long time to get the money.
王沐没带侄子回家，先去了市内另一家三甲医院，给王叶做了个全套全身检查。
Wang Mu didn't take his nephew home, but first went to another tertiary hospital in the city and gave Wang Ye a full set of physical examinations.
检查报告要过两天才能拿到，王叶不急，他对自己的身体状况有数，做个检查是为了让自己放心，更是为了让他姑放心。
The inspection report will take two days to get it, Wang Ye is not in a hurry, he has a good idea of his physical condition, and he does an inspection to reassure himself, but also to reassure his aunt.
王沐拿到这笔钱后整个人真正轻松下来，她在这五天已经看好一套房子，就是对方要求房款必须半年一交，还要一个月押金，王沐拿不出这笔钱，暂时还没定下来。
After Wang Mu got the money, the whole person was really relaxed, she had already looked at a house in the past five days, that is, the other party required that the house payment must be paid every six months, and a month's deposit, Wang Mu couldn't get the money, and it hadn't been decided yet.
现在手上有了钱，王沐带着王叶从医院出来就去了那家房产中介，听说那套房子还没租出去，就立刻定了下来。
Now that he has money in hand, Wang Mu took Wang Ye out of the hospital and went to the real estate agency, and when he heard that the house had not been rented out, he immediately settled down.
租好房子，姑侄俩就找了个小饭馆大吃了一顿。 After renting a house, my aunt and nephew found a small restaurant and had a big meal.
王叶吃得很凶，海沟村那边原滋原味的食物虽然也不错，但调味上终究比不上这种调料丰富也许不太营养的饭馆菜。
Wang Ye eats very fiercely, although the original food in Haigou Village is also good, but in terms of seasoning, it is not as good as this kind of restaurant dish that is rich in seasoning and may not be very nutritious.
“那个极度危险好像真的是全息游戏，我妈他老板的儿子就在玩，富人游戏，头盔和游戏舱都贵得要死，听说游戏头盔还比较耗电，但如果真的是全息……”
"That extreme danger seems to be really a holographic game, my mom and his boss's son are playing, rich man's game, helmets and game cabins are expensive to death, I heard that game helmets are more power-hungry, but if it's really holographic ......"
“既然都配上头盔和游戏舱了，就算不是百分百全息，也有点那个意思吧？”
"Since they're all equipped with helmets and game pods, even if it's not 100% holographic, it's a bit like that, right?"
“我们班那谁你们知道吧，他做职业电竞的，今年还参加了国际比赛，获奖的那个。他也在玩，据他说那游戏真的就和第二人生一样，在里面你要是接了种田的任务，那就真的要种田，不能只按键盘和鼠标，只干了半天他就受不了了。他就不想做这个任务，打算放弃，结果他一连尝试了五个任务，都没完成，其中一个还是挑粪。”
"You know, he is a professional e-sportsman, and he also participated in international competitions this year and won the award. He's also playing, according to him, the game is really the same as Second Life, in which if you take on the task of farming, then you really have to farm, you can't just press the keyboard and mouse, and he can't stand it after only working for half a day. He didn't want to do this task and was going to give up, but he tried five tasks in a row, but he didn't complete them, and one of them was still picking dung. ”
“哈哈哈。”几个年轻人一起笑起来。 "Hahaha." Several young people laughed together.
“后来他想再接第六个，结果游戏系统告诉他必须要把前面接下的任务完成，才能继续接受新任务。那人郁闷死了，偏偏这个游戏一个人只能建一个账号，他想换号重来都不行。”
Later, he wanted to take a sixth one, but the game system told him that he had to complete the previous tasks before he could continue to accept new ones. The man was depressed to death, but one person can only create one account in this game, and he can't change his number if he wants to. ”
“听起来好有意思。游戏头盔多少钱，网上有卖的吗？”
"Sounds interesting. How much is a gaming helmet and are they sold online? ”
“只有一个网站在卖，地址在这。”说话的大男孩打开手机给同伴看。
"There's only one website selling it, and it's here." The older boy who spoke turned on his phone to show his companion.
“没有试玩账号吗？那样我怎么知道自己喜欢哪种职业和种族？”
"Don't have a demo account? So how do I know which profession and race I like? ”
“这个游戏一开始设定玩家都是人类，不过到了十五级以后好像能转生也能自由选择职业。你们看，这个游戏还有他们自己的专属社交平台，里面有详细介绍。刚才我说的那谁的事，就是他自己在这里爆出来的，喏，他的帖子还挺红的。”
"At the beginning of this game, the players were all humans, but after level 15, it seems that they can be reincarnated and choose their profession freely. You see, this game also has their own exclusive social platform, which is detailed in detail. The matter of whose person I was talking about just now is that he himself broke out here, well, his post is quite popular. ”
“哇，这个社交平台做得好棒，感觉界面和其他平台很不一样，如果不玩游戏也能注册这个社交平台吗？”
"Wow, this social platform is doing a great job, I feel that the interface is very different from other platforms, can I sign up for this social platform without playing games?"
“好像可以吧，你试试。” "Seems like you can, you try."
旁边的桌子上几个看似大学生的年轻人热切地讨论着。 On the table next to him, several young people who looked like college students were eagerly discussing.
王叶恍然，掰着手指算了算，国庆节越来越近，《极度危险》第一次玩家大潮就要来临。
Wang Ye suddenly, crossed his fingers and calculated, the National Day is getting closer and closer, and the first wave of players of "Extreme Danger" is coming.
虽然这一批玩家进入的还是不多，但全世界范围加起来也达到了百万左右。华夏因为人口基数大，在玩家中占了很大比例。
Although there are still not many players in this group, the total number of players in the world has reached about a million. Because of its large population base, Huaxia accounts for a large proportion of players.
他不知道海沟岛会不会有玩家进来，但不远处的海草岛肯定会有不少地球玩家进入。
He didn't know if there would be players coming in Trench Island, but there would definitely be a lot of Earth players on Seagrass Island not far away.
这几个人提醒了他一件事，他应该把那个游戏专用社交平台利用起来，那可是世界性质的，十五级以后在游戏里面也可以打开，具有百分百即时翻译功能，真正达到了可以和世界任何国家、任何地点的人通畅交流。
想想这个平台附带的游戏交易行以后每天吞吐的金钱交易金额，王叶心中就一片火热。
当天，王叶就让他姑叫了搬家公司，把老王那里他姑已经收拾好的东西和王沐那边已经收拾好的行李，全都搬到了新租房内。老房钥匙就直接用透明胶贴在了大门上，又给那家人发了信息通知他们来取。
王沐在宽阔敞亮、装修也有七成新的租房内走来走去，满脸都是笑。
这屋子装修不算多好，但整洁，看着就舒服。
王叶看他姑高兴，他也高兴：“姑，现在我们是租房，等再过一段时间，我们就买房。”
“买房？现在房价多贵，哪来的钱买房。不过你说的不错，人总要有个目标，姑姑会努力工作，在你结婚前给你买一套大房子！”王沐特别高兴，浑身都是劲。
王叶满眼慈爱地看着他姑，他也没说不让他姑买，反而说：“好啊好啊，姑姑你最好了，我也会好好努力，给姑姑买套大别墅！找一堆人侍候你。”
王沐笑得合不拢嘴，拉过侄子说：“你啊，现在的任务就是好好学习，其他都不用你管。”
王叶用力点头，随后道：“姑，我得回我师父那里了。”
王沐笑容消失：“这么快就又要走？”
“我得好好学习啊，师父可严厉了。”王叶小声道，就好像生怕给他师父听到一样。
王沐被侄子逗笑，“严师才能出高徒，你师父严厉一点也好。他……不会打你吧？”
王叶忙摇头：“不，师父不打人。”
他犯错，他师父只会给他出题目，超级难的那种，完不成就得滚出师门。
“姑，你明天就去把老王接回来吧，你不用管他，找个护工定时来照顾他就可以。钱的事你不用担心，我师父很有钱，我跟他学习，学得好，师父会给奖学金，很多很多。”
王叶不给他姑反驳和询问的机会，又道：“还有这桶药泥，真的是宝贝，你千万不要拿给别人用，也不要浪费了，每天洗完澡，给自己全身涂抹一遍，从头涂到脚，不用涂太厚，就跟涂药差不多，一个小时后刮下来。刮下来的药泥不要扔掉，放到阳台上晒干，再收起来，等我回来再处理。没用完的，就用保鲜膜封起来，放到冰箱保鲜层。但时间不要拖久，尽量在七天内用完。”
王沐见王叶如此郑重，也重视起那桶被放到她面前的药泥：“好，我知道了。”
王沐踌躇了一会儿，问：“这药泥既然这么好，我们能拿出去卖吗？”
王叶连忙摇头：“不能，这药泥的来历说不清楚。而且这药泥是我师父让我带回来给姑姑你使用的，如果让他知道我在外面卖药泥，一定会把我踢出师门。”
在地球卖药泥？
不现实。他和他姑的身份，他的年龄，全都无法让人信任。而药泥的来历，更是不好解释。
这种说不清来历、卖出去有可能惹上一身骚的好东西，还是留给自家人用就好。
等他以后强大了，那再说。
同理，王叶也没想过到古街去淘宝。上辈子他掌握了鉴定术后，曾去古街转过，妄想能捡漏，就此一夜暴富。
结果当天他空手回来，洗洗就进游戏了。
那种地方真的不是你跑去随便转转就能随便捡漏的地方，被人坑倒是常见。
不过这跟他上辈子没有实体进入游戏，身体里能量不足，导致鉴定术在地球的使用次数受到大大限制也有关系。
而他现在能量也不多，在他姑姑已经有三十八万转圜的情况下，他也没必要那么急着弄钱，他现在的首要目的还是养身体和升级。当然赚钱也是很重要的，不过他可以从游戏中赚，不一定非要在地球淘宝。
“姑姑，我过两天再回来，走了~”
王沐再次目送侄子从自己眼前消失，虽然是第二遍看，但她还是有点接受不良。
总感觉侄子好像变得不像人一样……
王沐打起精神，侄子身体好了，还有了奇遇，老王变成植物人，她拿到了一笔对她来说的巨款，日子越过越好，她也要更振作才行。
首先那临时环卫工就不用做了，她打听过，他们家这种情况可以去跟区政府申请早点摊或者流动摊点车来做。
听说卖早点和晚上卖油炸小食，只要东西做得干净、味道调得好，也能赚不少钱。
她还年轻，她才三十六岁，她的人生不能就这么废下去，她得好好努力，哪怕是为了侄子。
王沐做下决定，整个人神采都不一样，当即哼着歌去收拾房间。
王叶光着屁屁、手臂上套着药泥石膏回到石洞，雷木还没回来。
王叶穿上衣裤，抽空看了下自己的经验值结余，扣除掉传送费，他还有3576点经验值，再赚个四百多，他就能升到三级。
要么把糖棕的事告诉海沟村人？再教他们怎么制糖？
在他看来，药泥九成九无法成为海沟村的支柱产业，石膏和石灰包括陶瓷器具等，因为运输不便，加上制作手艺原始，产量很难提高，也很难让海沟村发大财。
多教一门熬制棕糖的手艺，海沟村人也能多一条财路。
“小叶子！小叶子你在不在？”海蛋的大呼小叫声老远就传了过来。
王叶走出石洞，“嘛事？”
海蛋跑过来，气喘吁吁又兴奋地喊：“小叶子，快跟我去礁石滩，那边漂来一个怪物，快去看！”
王叶还以为海蛋来找他是有人发现了那个神秘人，没想到是让他去看怪物。
在海边生活比较长的人大多都知道，海滩上偶尔会冲上来一些古里古怪的生物，那些生物的模样经常会超出人类的想象力。
“什么样的怪物？”王叶并不是很想去，他还有其他事要做。现在他身体好得差不多，可以考虑开始收集材料制作他的因果武器了。
“不知道。小叶子，走啦，跟我一起去看，那东西可古怪了，有人说是死掉的海牛，还有人说是死掉的海妖，好多人都在那儿，大人都不让我们靠近，我都没看清楚。”海蛋上来拉王叶。
王叶听到海妖两字，来了一点点兴趣，刚要同意，就听脑中传来信息提醒：
【任务发布：一奇怪物体漂到海沟岛礁石滩，让海沟村人惊奇不已。请玩家隔壁小王帮助海沟村人辨识怪物，解开海沟村人的疑惑。完成后，奖励50点经验值。请问隔壁小王是否接受这个任务？】
当然接受。鉴定术走起~
第28章 怪物和血吸虫
王叶蹲在礁石上，看着这具被卡在礁石中间的怪物尸体，感觉鉴定术都要不好用了。
这玩意丑到极点。
人形，有四肢，但身体中的水分像是全部流失了一样，只剩下一层皮包着骨头，背心位置还破了一个拳头大的洞。
如果只是这样还好，村人也不会说这东西是怪物。
但如果这东西的皮肤表面还冒出了大量像是海参刺一样的突起物，皮肤也变得黝黑，用树枝翻过正面，脸部五官也缩成一团，只最中间留了一个洞，就像是烧麦的褶皮。那真的怪不了村人没能认出来这东西生前是个人类。
王叶眼眸收缩，他见过类似的怪物。
希望不是他想的那玩意，否则那就太糟糕了。
“小叶子，这到底是什么？你知道吗？”海蛋好奇地问，还想上前戳那怪物。
王叶挡住他，“这不是怪物，是人。”
“这怪物竟然是人？人怎么会变成这样？”村民们惊讶。
五十点经验值顺利到手。
又一个任务被发布，让王叶向村民们解释这个人变成这样的原因。
王叶没立刻回答村民的问题，他也需要知道更多。
王叶伸出手指，找了没有突刺的地方碰触，默念：“鉴定这具尸体的身份和死因。”
百科全书打开，一道别人看不见的光芒扫过怪物全身。
当光芒扫过时，那具怪物身体某些特征被特别点亮，比如隐藏在变异皮肤下的一行荧光数字以及性别特征等等。
这不是百科全书进化了，只是他能量更多，可以让鉴定术鉴定得更详细。
其实鉴定术就是一门辅助能力，知识都要他自己去学，也要他自己去看、去观察，鉴定术就是帮他归纳、分析和总结，再给出最接近正确答案的答案。
过了数秒，一行字浮现在王叶眼前：【死者为囚犯岛囚犯。死因，虫体主动转移，破开寄生体。】
鉴定出来的内容很少，但对王叶来说足够了。
他有上辈子的经验，看到鉴定术给出虫体两字，他就知道这人变成这样的原由了。
但这个原由他却不能直接告诉村民。
“离远一点，都散开。”王叶把周围聚集的村民赶开，从海蛋手里拿过木枝，轻轻戳了戳怪物皮肤上的突起物。
那突起的皮肤下面像是有什么滚动了一下。
海蛋发出一声惊叫：“动了！里面有什么？”
“虫子。”被海水泡这么长时间，尸体也没怎么膨胀，功劳就在这些虫卵上。
王叶站起身，脸色难看：“谁第一个接触过这具尸体？”
村人你看我我看你，海蛋就站在王叶旁边，闻言就担心地问：“小叶子，怎么了？是不是这具尸体有问题？”
“问题大了。谁第一个接触过这具尸体，快点说！”王叶突然变得特别凶。
村人吓了一跳，一名少年被推出来，有点不安地举手：“是我。我第一个发现了这个怪物。”
“碰它了吗？”
“什么？”
王叶不耐烦地道：“我问你有没有用你身体的某一部分实际接触到这具尸体，不要说谎。不是我夸口，现在这世界上能解决这个问题的只有我……和我师父。如果你被这具尸体传染，最佳治疗期只有十二小时，越迟越不好治，超过二十四小时，你就必死无疑，还会害死别人。”
那少年吓到了，整个人都有点慌张：“我不记得了，我好像碰到了，也可能没碰到，我我……”
王叶皱起眉头，“其他接触过这具尸体的人都给我站出来，速度！”
好几个孩子期期艾艾地从人群中走出来，其中竟然就有海蛋。
海蛋扭扭捏捏地道：“小叶子，我骗你了，我有偷偷摸到那个怪物，但我发誓只摸了一下，就被大人赶到一边了。”
王叶瞪他，“手伸出来。”
海蛋慌忙伸出手。 Hai Dan hurriedly stretched out his hand.
王叶握住他的手腕，运转治疗术【生生不息】，把温和的能量送入海蛋体内。
Wang Ye grabbed his wrist and ran the healing technique [Endless Growth], sending gentle energy into Hai Dan's body.
能量在海蛋身体内走了一圈，王叶松开海蛋手腕。 The energy walked around Hai Dan's body, and Wang Ye let go of Hai Dan's wrist.
海蛋焦急地问：“我怎么样？我有没有被传染？小叶子，我不想也变成怪物。”
Hai Dan anxiously asked, "How am I?" Am I infected? Little leaf, I don't want to become a monster too. ”
“活该！看你下次看到古怪的东西还敢乱碰。”王叶看海蛋吓得眼泪都冒出来了，也没继续折磨他，没好气地道：“没有，你没被传染。下一个！”
"Well deserved! See if you dare to touch something weird next time. Wang Ye was so frightened that tears came out of his eyes when he saw Haidan, and he didn't continue to torture him, and said angrily: "No, you are not infected." Next! ”
海蛋大喜，跳起来大叫一声，连忙跑到一边。 Hai Dan was overjoyed, jumped up and shouted, and hurriedly ran to the side.
下一个就是那个第一个接触尸体的少年。
少年害怕得小腿肚都在打颤，周围人都不敢靠近他，谁都害怕变成那怪物的模样。
王叶同样握住少年的手，送入能量。
能量在少年体内转了一圈，陡然，有一丝能量被什么吸收，之后对方像是尝到了什么美味大餐，疯狂掠夺进入少年体内的能量。
The energy circled in the boy's body, and suddenly, a trace of energy was absorbed by something, and then the other party seemed to have tasted some delicious meal, and frantically plundered the energy that entered the boy's body.
王叶冷笑，找到了，果然是这玩意。 Wang Ye sneered, I found it, and sure enough, it was this thing.
这东西非常喜欢能量，任何能量都喜欢，但对因果之力的能量似乎有特别偏好，只要遇到就会贪婪地纠缠上来。
This thing is very fond of energy, any energy, but it seems to have a special preference for the energy of the power of cause and effect, and will be greedily entangled whenever it encounters it.
上辈子他因此吃了很大的亏，后来费尽辛苦，才掌握了对付这种东西的方法。
In his previous life, he suffered a lot because of this, and later he worked hard to master the method of dealing with this kind of thing.
他的因果能量是那么好吸收的吗？ Is his causal energy so well absorbed?
你吸收了，你就和我产生了因果。 You absorb it, and you have cause and effect with me.
现在就等我收拾你吧！ Wait for me to clean you up now!
同时，王叶脑中响起游戏系统提示：【玩家隔壁小王发现刚刚孵化的血吸虫，奖励经验值100点。】
At the same time, Wang Ye sounded a game system prompt in his head: [Xiao Wang next door to the player found a schistosome that had just hatched, and rewarded with 100 experience points. 】
王叶没有收回能量，反而加大输入，不过这次不是在使用治疗术【生生不息】，而是改成了【自投罗网】。
Wang Ye did not withdraw his energy, but instead increased his input, but this time he was not using the healing technique [Endless Life], but changed it to [Self-Casting Net].
技能拉扯的能量把躲在少年体内偷偷吸收能量的东西从血管里逼出来。
The energy of the skill pull forced out the things that were hiding in the boy's body and secretly absorbing the energy out of the blood vessels.
随后【冤冤相报】缠上去，因果线刺入那东西体内，绞杀。
Then [Retribution] was entangled, and the causal thread pierced into the body of the thing, strangling.
“你们快看！鱼叉腹部有什么在动！”离得最近的村民大叫。
"Look! What's going on in the harpoon's belly! The nearest villager shouted.
那是血吸虫想逃。 That's a schistosoma trying to escape.
“啊啊啊！”当血吸虫被拉拽并拼命向少年体外逃窜的时候，少年痛得捂住胸腹发出大喊。
"Ahhh When the schistosoma was pulled and desperately fled to the boy's body, the boy covered his chest and abdomen in pain and screamed.
“闭嘴，忍着，马上就好。”小小的男孩气势十足地喝道。
"Shut up, bear with it, and you'll be fine right away." The little boy shouted imposingly.
少年根本忍不住，这痛简直就跟活生生地挖他的肉一样，又像是有什么东西在身体里面撕扯他的内脏。
The boy couldn't help it, the pain was like digging his flesh alive, and it was like something was tearing his internal organs inside his body.
见发生大事了，赶海的大人就有人回去找村长。 Seeing that something big had happened, some of the adults who were rushing to the sea went back to find the village chief.
等村长赶到的时候，少年浑身汗水淋淋，瘫在地上不能动。
When the village chief arrived, the boy was drenched in sweat and collapsed on the ground.
【玩家隔壁小王首次消灭一级血吸虫一只，奖励经验值10点。】
[The player next door Xiao Wang destroys a first-level schistosoma for the first time and rewards 10 experience points.] 】
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王成功拯救海沟村村民鱼叉，奖励经验值100点。】
[Congratulations to the player next door Xiao Wang for successfully saving the harpoon of the villagers of Trench Village, and rewarding him with 100 experience points.] 】
王叶给那少年把血吸虫消灭后就没管他，他还得留着能量检查其他人。
Wang Ye left the young man alone after he eliminated the schistosome, and he still had to save his energy to check on the others.
也是这小子和海沟村运气好，让他重生后漂流到这里，否则只这具尸体就能毁了这个村庄。
It was also the luck of this kid and Trench Village that allowed him to drift here after being reborn, otherwise this corpse alone would have destroyed the village.
王叶忽然想到上辈子见到的海沟村人，心中有什么一跳。
Wang Ye suddenly thought of the people of Trench Village he had seen in his previous life, and his heart jumped.
“怎么回事？小叶子，是不是发生了……啊，那是什么鬼东西！”村长也看到了那个怪物。
"What's going on? Little leaves, did it happen...... Ah, what the hell is that! "The village chief also saw the monster.
王叶吸收了一份因果之力，没什么好颜色地对村长吩咐道：“找人把那具尸体赶紧弄上岸，不要直接接触，用木棍夹、用渔网捞。弄上来立刻点上火烧掉，要烧得干干干净净。”
村长立刻吩咐礁石滩赶海的成年村民。 The village chief immediately instructed the adult villagers who were rushing to the sea on the reef beach.
这些村民在小叶子来之后就围在周围，心里早有准备，听到村长吩咐，立马就掉转头去找适合的工具。
These villagers gathered around after Xiao Yezi came, and they were already prepared, and when they heard the village chief's instructions, they immediately turned around and looked for suitable tools.
村长这才询问王叶，那怪物到底是什么，村里有多少人被传染了。
“稍等，我先把人都检查一遍。”王叶已经招呼另一个直接接触过尸体的少年过来，输入能量检查。
"Wait a minute, I'll check everyone first." Wang Ye had already beckoned another teenager who had been in direct contact with the corpse to come over and input energy to check.
村长忙道：“你先检查。” The village chief hurriedly said, "You check first." ”
村长原地转了两圈，把几个接触过尸体的少年和孩童都骂了一通，又去询问其他人有没有接触过尸体的，让他们千万不要隐瞒。
The village chief turned around twice on the spot, scolded several teenagers and children who had come into contact with the corpse, and then went to ask the others if they had ever touched the corpse, so that they must not hide it.
围观怪物的村人们都看到那少年被小叶子治疗时腹部窜来窜去的东西，哪还敢隐瞒，不过除了那几个站出来的，其他就没有直接接触的了。
The villagers who watched the monster all saw the things that scurried around the boy's abdomen when he was treated by Xiao Yezi, how could they dare to hide it, but except for those who stood up, there was no direct contact.
只是有些人心里毛毛中，非要让王叶也给他们检查一下才放心。
It's just that some people are furious in their hearts, and they have to ask Wang Ye to check it for them to rest assured.
【任务发布：海沟村村民发现怪物可以传染某种古怪疾病后，都非常惶恐，希望玩家隔壁小王对他们进行详细检查。完成后，一人奖励20点经验值。请问隔壁小王是否接受这个任务？】
[Mission Release: After discovering that monsters can be infected with some strange diseases, the villagers of Haigou Village are very panicked, and hope that Xiao Wang, next door to the player, will examine them in detail. Upon completion, one person is awarded 20 XP. Does Xiao Wang next door accept this task? 】
“接受。”王叶就猜会有任务。 "Accept." Wang Ye guessed that there would be a task.
把在场所有村民都检查了一通，连同鱼叉在内，一共只检查出两个被传染血吸虫的，其他都没事。
All the villagers present were checked, and including the harpoon, only two infected schistosomiasis were detected, and the others were fine.
村民总算安心，另外一个倒霉蛋哭得稀里哗啦，被王叶治疗好还在哭。
The villagers were finally relieved, and another unlucky guy was crying profusely, and he was still crying after being treated by Wang Ye.
一通忙活下来，王叶获得了大量因果之力和不少经验值。
After surviving, Wang Ye gained a lot of causal power and a lot of experience points.
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到4636点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到三级。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, after deducting the experience points that have been used, the player's experience points have accumulated to 4636 points, meet the upgrade conditions, and the game level will be upgraded to level 3.] 】
这时村人也把那具尸体弄上岸，堆起了干柴。 At this time, the villagers also brought the body ashore and piled up dry firewood.
王叶把村长叫过来，用树枝拉开那具尸体的皮肤，示意村长看。
Wang Ye called the village chief over, pulled the skin of the corpse with a branch, and motioned the village chief to look.
村长看了半天，只看到一点隐约的像是荧光的东西。 The village chief looked at it for a long time, but only saw something faintly like fluorescence.
“我怀疑这是一串数字。”王叶故意问村长：“村长爷爷，您知道有什么人会在身上打上这么一串数字吗？还带荧光效果，就生怕别人发现不了一样。”
"I suspect it's a string of numbers." Wang Ye deliberately asked the village chief: "Grandpa the village chief, do you know anyone who would put such a string of numbers on their bodies?" It also has a fluorescent effect, so I'm afraid that others won't find out. ”
囚犯岛就在自家隔壁，村长再被王叶这么一提醒，哪还能不知道答案。
The prisoner's island is next door to his house, and the village chief was reminded by Wang Ye again, how could he not know the answer.
“这是囚犯岛的囚犯？”疑问句，但是很肯定。 "This is a prisoner on Prisoner Island?" Interrogative, but sure.
“如果是隔壁岛的囚犯，那就麻烦了。还不知道有几个人逃出来，又有几个人被虫子感染。”王叶道。
"If it's a prisoner on the island next door, it's troublesome. It is not known how many people escaped, and how many more were infected by bugs. Wang Ye said.
村长气得低声咒骂，骂他们国家的上层干嘛要把囚犯放到他们岛旁边。
The village chief was so angry that he cursed in a low voice, scolding the upper echelons of their country for putting prisoners next to their island.
“村里已经派人去找了，明天我再让船锚和耀祖他们再多安排一点人手，找到就杀死。”村长发狠道。
"The village has already sent someone to look for it, and tomorrow I will ask the anchor and Yaozu to arrange a little more manpower, and if they find it, they will be killed." The village chief said ruthlessly.
王叶看村长已经足够警惕，就催促村长赶紧把尸体烧掉。
Wang Ye saw that the village chief was vigilant enough, so he urged the village chief to quickly burn the corpse.
尸体被架上木柴堆，村长亲自点的火。 The corpses were set on a pyre and the village chief himself lit a fire.
海蛋爷爷和几个孩童的家长听到消息也赶了过来，海蛋爷爷过来就气得要打孙子的屁股。
Grandpa Hai Dan and the parents of several children also rushed over when they heard the news, and Grandpa Hai Dan was so angry that he wanted to spank his grandson's buttocks.
海蛋哧溜窜到王叶身后，还对他爷爷喊“我没事，你为什么要打我”。
Hai Dan slipped behind Wang Ye and shouted to his grandfather, "I'm fine, why are you beating me."
王叶呵呵，让开，把海蛋暴露出来。 Wang Yehehe, get out of the way and expose the sea eggs.
海蛋瞪大眼睛，满脸不可置信，小叶子竟然在这时候背叛他？
Haidan's eyes widened, his face was full of disbelief, Xiao Yezi actually betrayed him at this time?
呜哇，小叶子我恨你。被爷爷狠揍屁屁的海蛋哇哇大哭。
Woo wow, little leaf I hate you. The sea egg who was beaten by his grandfather cried loudly.
在海蛋和几个调皮鬼的哭声中，火光冲天而起。 Amid the cries of sea eggs and a few naughty ghosts, the flames rose into the sky.
村人们满身汗，有热的，有吓的，全都站在火堆周围，看着那怪物被烧成灰烬，似乎只有这样，他们才能真正放心。
The villagers, sweaty, hot and frightened, all stood around the fire and watched the monster burned to ashes, as if this was the only way they could truly rest assured.
【玩家隔壁小王消灭海沟村潜在隐患，拯救了整个村子的村民，特此奖励经验值500点。】
[The player's next door, Xiao Wang, eliminated the potential hidden dangers of Trench Village and saved the villagers of the entire village, and hereby rewards 500 experience points.] 】
村长抓着王叶的手，先对着他狂风暴雨般感谢了一通，然后就焦虑无比地再次问道：“小叶子，那囚犯到底得了什么病？他怎么会变成那样？”
The village chief grabbed Wang Ye's hand, first thanked him like a storm, and then asked again anxiously: "Xiao Yezi, what kind of disease does that prisoner have?" How did he become like that? ”
这个问题不止村长想知道，其他村民都想知道。 This is a question that not only the village chief wants to know, but also other villagers.
王叶摇了摇手指：“那不是病，呃，也能说是病，那个怪物原本是个人，被虫子寄生导致身体病变，才会变成那样。我在跟随师父学习时，曾经见过这种怪物。”
Wang Ye shook his finger: "That's not a disease, uh, it can also be said to be a disease, that monster was originally a person, and it was parasitized by insects that caused body lesions, so it became like that." When I was studying with Master, I had seen this kind of monster before. ”
实际上，他第一次见到这种被血吸虫卵大量寄生的生物是在副本中。
In fact, the first time he saw the creature that was heavily parasitized by schistosoma eggs was in a copy.
这个副本不是囚犯岛的副本，但囚犯岛的副本中也出现了寄生虫族，不过是更高等的寄生虫。
This quest is not a copy of Prisoner Island, but there are also parasites in the Prisoner Island dungeon, but they are higher parasites.
他以为囚犯岛出事至少还有六年左右，谁想到现在就已经出事。
He thought that there would be at least six years before the accident on Prisoner Island, but who would have thought that it would happen now.
也是，很多问题都在暗中发展，直到掩盖不住才会一气爆发出来，现在是低级的寄生虫，再发展发展不就能孵化出高级寄生虫？
Also, many problems are developing in secret, and they will not break out in one go until they can't be covered up, and now they are low-level parasites, and then they will develop and develop, won't they be able to hatch high-level parasites?
可到那时基本上想挽救也挽救不了了。六年后的囚犯岛就是如此，还接连祸害了海沟岛和海草岛。
But at that time, I basically couldn't save it. This was the case with Prisoner Island six years later, and Trench Island and Seagrass Island were also plagued one after another.
幸好他现在就来了，而他想要的东西也跟寄生虫族有关。
Thankfully, he's here now, and what he wants has to do with parasites.
“虫子？”村长眼皮直跳。 "Bugs?" The village chief's eyelids jumped.
“对，一种寄生虫，叫血吸虫。” "Yes, a parasite called schistosomiasis."
不，让那具尸体变成那样的原因不止是血吸虫。 No, it's not just schistosomes that made that corpse like that.
王叶很想把寄生虫体系都告诉村长，让他警惕。 Wang Ye really wanted to tell the village chief about the parasite system and make him vigilant.
但按照游戏进程，他此时不应该知道太多，他担心说出来会被游戏系统察觉，他不怕游戏系统知道他是重生的，但他担心系统把他当做游戏bug给处理掉，或者以为他是个挂逼，为了游戏平衡，不让他再进入游戏。
But according to the course of the game, he shouldn't know too much at this time, he is worried that he will be detected by the game system if he says it, he is not afraid that the game system will know that he is reborn, but he is worried that the system will deal with him as a game bug, or think that he is a hanger, for the sake of game balance, and not let him enter the game again.
虽然这些都是他的个人猜测，但小心能驶万年船，他可不想被游戏禁止进入后再后悔。
Although these were his personal guesses, he didn't want to regret being banned from the game if he could sail the 10,000-year-old ship.
至于他为什么能察觉血吸虫并消灭其，可以归功于因果之力。
As for why he was able to detect schistosomes and destroy them, it can be attributed to the power of cause and effect.
村长和旁听两人谈话的村民们接受了他给出的答案，五十点经验值到账。
The village chief and the villagers who were listening to the conversation accepted the answer he gave, and fifty experience points were credited.
“那人身体里怎么会有那么多血吸虫？囚犯岛那边会不会有很多人都被血吸虫寄生了？”村长又担心地问。
"How can that man have so many schistosomes in his body? Could there be a lot of people on Prisoner Island who are parasitized by schistosomes? The village chief asked worriedly.
“这我就不清楚了，也许您可以试着通知那边，让那边检查看看。”
"I don't know about that, maybe you can try to notify the other side and let them check it."
村长记下这件事，又担心村民。 The village chief made a note of the incident and was worried about the villagers.
王叶安慰他：“村民如今都知道这东西危险，以后再看到类似的怪物，应该都不会再傻到直接碰触。总之，村长爷爷记得叮嘱大家，让大家发现这种怪物就赶紧弄上来烧掉。”
Wang Ye comforted him: "The villagers now know that this thing is dangerous, and if they see similar monsters in the future, they should not be stupid enough to touch it directly." In short, the village chief's grandfather remembered to tell everyone to get this monster and burn it as soon as they found it. ”
“就扔在大海里不行吗？”村长连碰都不想碰这种怪物。
"Can't you just throw it in the ocean?" The village chief didn't even want to touch such a monster.
王叶严肃道：“不行。今天也是大家运气不错，发现这具尸体时，尸体中的虫卵绝大部分还没有孵化，只有两只孵化出来。如果不烧掉那具尸体，等那些血吸虫卵全部孵化，血吸虫碰到什么活物都会寄生。想想看，你们的近海区域充满了这种携带血吸虫的海生物，你们又经常生吃……”
Wang Ye said solemnly: "No." Today is also everyone's luck, when this corpse was found, most of the eggs in the corpse had not hatched, and only two hatched. If you don't burn the corpse, when all the schistosomal eggs hatch, the schistosomes will parasitize any living thing they touch. Think about it, your offshore areas are full of these schistosomiasis-carrying sea creatures, and you often eat them raw......"
村长脸色变了，惶恐地道：“除了这具尸体，会不会还有其他怪物泡在海水里？”
The village chief's face changed, and he said in fear: "In addition to this corpse, could there be other monsters soaking in the sea?" ”
王叶摊手，这个问题太为难他了：“近期就让大家尽量不要生吃海鲜吧。”
Wang Ye spread his hands, this question was too difficult for him: "In the near future, let's try not to eat raw seafood." ”
“好，我知道了。”村长问王叶，也就是想求个心安。 "Okay, I got it." The village chief asked Wang Ye, that is, he wanted to ask for peace of mind.
“村长爷爷，”王叶欲言又止。 "Grandpa the village chief," Wang Ye wanted to say but stopped.
村长按住心脏，深吸气道：“小叶子，是不是还有什么可怕的事，你说，爷爷承受得住。”
The village chief pressed his heart, took a deep breath and said, "Xiao Yezi, is there anything terrible, you say, grandpa can bear it." ”
王叶弯了弯嘴角，“不用那么害怕，算不上可怕的事，只是可能也不太好。我怀疑这具囚犯尸体就是昨天早上我看到的那个想要上鲨鱼一家小船的人。”
Wang Ye curled the corners of his mouth, "Don't be so afraid, it's not a terrible thing, but it may not be good." I suspect that the prisoner's body is the man I saw yesterday morning trying to get on the Sharks' boat. ”
村长按住额头，头疼地道：“我记得你说你看到鲨鱼把那人打入海水里了是吧？”
The village chief pressed his forehead and said with a headache: "I remember you said that you saw the shark knock the man into the sea, right?" ”
“是，而且鲨鱼也进入了海中，似乎和这人搏斗了，最后只有鲨鱼上来，这人没上来。”
"Yes, and the shark also went into the sea, and it seemed to fight with this man, and in the end only the shark came up, and this man did not come up."
村长一拍巴掌：“怪不得那怪物的背心有个洞，不会就是鲨鱼捅的吧？”
The village chief slapped his face: "No wonder that monster's vest has a hole, it can't be stabbed by a shark, right?" ”
王叶没有纠正村长的推测，只提醒他：“鲨鱼入海时没有携带任何武器。”
Wang Ye did not correct the village chief's speculation, only reminded him: "The shark did not carry any weapons when it entered the sea. ”
村长眉头蹙成小疙瘩：“鲨鱼虽然天生力气大，但只用手就把人后背弄出那么一个大洞……”
The village chief's brows furrowed into small pimples: "Although the shark is naturally strong, it can make such a big hole in the back of a person with only his hands......"
村长摇摇头，自己就否决了。 The village chief shook his head and vetoed it himself.
“那个洞很可疑。”王叶一点点引导村长，“可能您不记得了，那个洞的伤口可以看出来是从里面破出，而不是被从外面击穿。”
"That hole is suspicious." Wang Ye guided the village chief little by little, "Maybe you don't remember, the wound in that hole can be seen to be broken from the inside, not pierced from the outside. ”
“里面？”村长骇然，脑中也不知道想到了什么，脸色瞬间变得煞白。
"Inside?" The village chief was shocked, and he didn't know what was going on in his mind, and his face instantly turned pale.
王叶没有注意到，还以为村长就是单纯吓的，继续引导道：“那么多血吸虫卵从哪里来的？有虫卵肯定有母虫，可我没在那具尸体里发现母虫。”
Wang Ye didn't notice it, and thought that the village chief was simply scared, and continued to guide: "Where did so many schistosomiasis eggs come from? There must have been a female worm in the eggs, but I didn't find the female worm in that corpse. ”
村长抖着声音道：“那母虫从那人身体里跑出来了？跑到……”
The village chief said in a trembling voice, "The female worm ran out of that person's body?" Run to ......"
王叶帮他把话接下去：“鲨鱼危险。” Wang Ye helped him continue: "Sharks are dangerous. ”
这一波又一波的，村长承受不住了，王叶赶紧扶住他。 Wave after wave, the village chief couldn't bear it, and Wang Ye hurriedly supported him.
村长呢喃道：“不行，得赶紧通知鲨鱼，他还带着老婆孩子，他两个孩子还那么小……坏了！”
The village chief muttered: "No, you have to inform the shark quickly, he still has his wife and children, and his two children are still so young...... Broken! ”
村长突然紧张起来，抓住王叶的手，焦急万分地道：“鲨鱼去了海草岛，那边那么多人，如果那虫子、那虫子……”
The village chief suddenly became nervous, grabbed Wang Ye's hand, and said anxiously: "The shark went to Seagrass Island, there are so many people over there, if that bug, that bug ......"
王叶冷静地道：“我们必须提前去海草岛，必须找到鲨鱼和他家人。”
Wang Ye said calmly: "We must go to Seagrass Island in advance, and we must find the shark and his family." ”
“对对对，我们提前出发。”村长都顾不上询问王叶还来不来得及救治鲨鱼，撒腿就跑，他要去找船锚商量，看能不能今天就出发。
"Yes, yes, let's go early." The village chief didn't bother to ask Wang Ye if he had time to treat the shark, so he ran away, he wanted to go to the anchor to discuss and see if he could set off today.
如果鲨鱼真的身体里携带母虫，那母虫又再下一堆虫卵，那些虫卵再在海草岛孵化，那么死的何止是鲨鱼一家？
If the shark really carries the mother worm in its body, then the mother worm has a bunch of eggs, and those eggs hatch on Seagrass Island, then it is not only the shark family that dies?
王叶看看天色，已经傍晚了，雷木怎么还没有回来？ Wang Ye looked at the sky, it was already evening, why hadn't Lei Mu come back yet?
第29章 瘸腿男 Chapter 29: The Lame Man
雷木是个极有耐心的人。 Remu is a very patient man.
他跟在瘸腿男子身后，就像猎人在跟踪他的猎物。 He followed the lame man like a hunter stalking his prey.
瘸腿男子的行动有点古怪，他并没有一味躲避村人搜寻，而是有目的向着某个方向走，且一路寻找着什么。
The lame man's movements are a bit strange, he does not blindly avoid the search of the villagers, but purposefully walks in a certain direction, and looks for something along the way.
雷木就没有贸然出手去抓捕那个瘸腿男子，他想看看对方想干什么，又是在寻找什么。
Lei Mu didn't rush to arrest the lame man, he wanted to see what the other party wanted to do and what he was looking for.
这一跟就是大半天。 This is most of the day.
那瘸腿男子一口气走到了海沟岛东南边的山窝窝中，途中他只略微休息了几次，之后就一路没有停歇过。
The lame man walked to the nest in the southeast of Trench Island, resting only a few times on the way, and then he never stopped.
对方应该也懂一些草药，途中采摘了一些草药就那么生服了。
The other party should also know some herbs, and picked some herbs on the way and took them raw.
雷木施展眼术注意到，对方每次吃下一些草药，他胸口那团能量就会变得略略明亮些许，但也会变得安静下来。
Lei Mu used his eye skills to notice that every time the other party ate some herbs, the energy in his chest would become slightly brighter, but it would also become quieter.
现在雷木已经可以确定那团生命能量应该是一团活物，因为他看到那能量动了。
Now Reim could be sure that the mass of life energy was a living thing, because he saw it move.
每次那团能量动弹起来，那瘸腿男就会把找到的草药吃到。
Every time the energy moved, the lame man would eat the herbs he had found.
就是不知道那瘸腿男知不知道他每次吃下那些草药，表面看好像是让那能量团安静下来，实际上却是在喂养那能量团，让它变得更强大。
I just don't know if the lame man knows that every time he eats those herbs, it looks like he is quieting the energy group, but in fact, he is feeding the energy group and making it stronger.
雷木记下并采摘了一些那男子采摘的草药，打算带回去给懂草药的小叶子。能增加能量的草药，基本都是好东西。
Lei Mu wrote down and picked some of the herbs that the man had picked, intending to bring them back to the little leaf who knew how to use herbs. Herbs that can increase energy are basically good things.
一汪碧湖出现在眼前。 A blue lake appeared in front of me.
碧湖不大，水却极为清澈，水面倒影出天空的云彩，配上静谧的山林，有种出世的美。
The lake is not big, but the water is extremely clear, and the clouds in the sky are reflected on the surface of the water, and the quiet mountains and forests have a kind of beauty of birth.
瘸腿男看到碧湖，似乎有些激动，他拖着腿走到湖边，跪在地上掬起一捧湖水，但他没喝，只是把水扑到了脸上。
The lame man seemed a little excited when he saw Bihu, he dragged his legs to the lake, knelt on the ground and picked up a handful of lake water, but he didn't drink it, just threw the water on his face.
瘸腿男闭着眼睛像是在感受什么。 The lame man closed his eyes as if he was feeling something.
雷木看到男子胸口的能量团变得越发明亮。 Remu saw that the energy mass in the man's chest became brighter and brighter.
瘸腿男睁开眼睛，眼中爆发出强烈的喜色：就是这里了！他终于找到了。
The lame man opened his eyes, and his eyes erupted with intense joy: this is it! He finally found it.
那个人没有骗他，这座岛上真的有彻底扼制虫卵的湖水。
The man didn't lie to him, there really is a lake on this island that completely stifles insect eggs.
他只不过用湖水扑面，那虫卵就老实了许多，那股像是随时在撕扯他精神的能量也像是消失了。
He just splashed his face with the lake water, and the insect eggs became much more honest, and the energy that seemed to tear his spirit at any time seemed to disappear.
男子一头埋入湖水中，疯狂喝起湖水。 The man buried his head in the water and drank the water frantically.
雷木觉得有些不妙，他想跳出去阻止瘸腿男，想了想又停下，现在再出去也来不及了。
Lei Mu felt that something was wrong, he wanted to jump out to stop the lame man, but after thinking about it, he stopped, and now it was too late to go out again.
从那能量团的光芒来看，爆发也不过是几息之间。 Judging from the light of the energy cluster, the explosion was only a few breaths.
男子突然又把脑袋拔出来，脑袋拼命摇晃，身体也在拼命往后退。
The man suddenly pulled his head out again, his head shaking desperately, and his body was desperately backing away.
但他身体里就好像还有一个意识，催促他扑进湖水，喝下更多湖水，最好能泡在湖水中。
But there was still a consciousness in his body, urging him to jump into the lake and drink more water, preferably in the lake.
“不！这不是我的想法。我没有想要来找这个湖泊。这不是我！”男子不知道自己发出了叫喊。
"Nope! That's not what I think. I didn't want to come to this lake. It's not me! The man didn't know he was screaming.
“不！我想来这个湖泊，只有这里的湖水能救我。我要相信自己，跳进去，现在就跳！”
"Nope! I want to come to this lake, only the water here can save me. I'm going to believe in myself, jump in, jump now! ”
“不！救救我，谁来救救我，这不是我，不是！” "Nope! Help me, who will save me, it's not me, it's not! ”
雷木如幽灵一般出现在男子身后，一掌劈在他的脖子上。
Remu appeared behind the man like a ghost, slashing at his neck.
男子啪叽摔到地上。 The man snapped and fell to the ground.
雷木低头看着男子，没有接近他。 Remu looked down at the man and did not approach him.
男子胸口慢慢鼓起一个包。 A bag slowly bulged into the man's chest.
在雷木眼中，那个包下面出现了一个清晰的身形。 In Lei Mu's eyes, a clear figure appeared under the bag.
这是……虫子？ This is...... Bugger?
雷木手指一挥，低喝：“困！” Lei Mu waved his fingers and shouted: "Sleepy!" ”
随即，雷木脸上刺青中浮起一字，那像图形一样的文字落到了男子胸口鼓包处。
Immediately, a word floated in the tattoo on Lei Mu's face, and the graphic-like text fell on the bulge on the man's chest.
就要从卵中挣脱出来的虫子凝固住了，被困在了男子心脏上。
The worm that was about to break free from the egg froze and was trapped in the man's heart.
只困住显然还不够，雷木打算把那只虫子挖出来。 Trapping it was clearly not enough, and Thunderwood was going to dig the bug out.
但他会挖不会补。 But he will dig and will not make up.
尤其这虫子还貌似和那瘸腿男的心脏连在一起。 In particular, the worm seemed to be connected to the lame man's heart.
如果他把虫子挖出来，这瘸腿男大概也活不了多久。 If he digs up the worms, the lame man probably won't live long.
可留着这只虫子不管，瘸腿男很可能一样会死。 But leave this bug alone, the lame man is likely to die as well.
要么把这人带回去找小叶子？ Or take this person back to find Xiaoyezi?
算了，小叶子那么小，还伤着，这心脏上的伤口也不是好治的，还是别给小人家添麻烦了。
Forget it, the little leaf is so small, it's still hurting, and the wound on the heart is not easy to treat, so don't make trouble for the villain.
雷木手指弹向男子太阳穴，送入一丝能量，刺激对方醒来。
Lei Mu's fingers flicked to the man's temple, sending a trace of energy to stimulate the other party to wake up.
瘸腿男睁开了眼睛，他第一眼就看到了雷木。 The lame man opened his eyes, and the first thing he saw was Thunderwood.
雷木特别平淡也特别直接地跟他说道：“你胸口有一只虫子，就趴在你心脏上。现在它似乎已经彻底孵化。我可以帮你挖出来，但不能确保你活下来。你也可以选择什么都不做，让那只虫子继续留在你身体里，但只要你表现异常，我就会杀死你。你自己选择。”
Lei Mu said to him very plainly and directly: "You have a worm in your chest, and it lies on your heart." Now it seems to have hatched thoroughly. I can dig it up for you, but I can't make sure you survive. You can also choose to do nothing and let that bug remain in your body, but as long as you behave abnormally, I will kill you. The choice is yours. ”
男子眼神中有挣扎，但他很快就说道：“挖出来！把那东西挖出来，它欺骗了我，它一直都在欺骗我，它早有意识，我却以为它只要没孵化就是安全的。”
There was a struggle in the man's eyes, but he quickly said, "Dig it out!" Dig that thing out, it deceived me, it has been deceiving me, it has been deceiving me, it has been conscious, but I think it is safe as long as it does not hatch. ”
“如果这是你的选择……” "If that's your choice......"
“不！不要挖。我不想死，这只虫子不会害我，它只会让我变得更好。不用你管闲事，走开！”男子又大叫起来。
"Nope! Don't dig. I don't want to die, this bug won't hurt me, it will only make me better. Don't be nosy, go away! The man shouted again.
雷木：“……” Raimi: "......"
男子爬起来就要跑。 The man got up and was about to run.
雷木再次施展“困”术，把男子困在原地。 Lei Mu once again performed the "trapping" technique and trapped the man in place.
男子脸上出现了两种神情，那是非常奇特的表情，就好像有两个意识在同时控制这具身体。
Two expressions appeared on the man's face, and it was a very strange expression, as if two consciousnesses were controlling the body at the same time.
这种情况，雷木也是第一次见到。 This is also the first time that Raimu has seen this situation.
瘸腿男张嘴：“救我……” The lame man opened his mouth: "Save my ......"
“我可以帮你挖出虫子，但挖出来后，你会变成怎样，我无法保证。”雷木再次陈述道。
"I can help you dig up the bugs, but I can't guarantee what will become of you when you dig them out." Reimu stated again.
“挖……不挖！啊啊啊！”瘸腿男眼睛变得赤红，整个人进入疯狂状态，但他被困住了，身体不能动弹，整个人挣得脸红脖子粗。
"Dig ...... Don't dig! Ahhh The lame man's eyes turned red, and the whole person entered a state of madness, but he was trapped, his body couldn't move, and the whole person struggled to blush and have a thick neck.
雷木特别有耐心地等待着。 Raimu waited patiently.
他的直觉告诉他，那虫子留在男子体内，不会有什么好事发生。
His instincts told him that nothing good would happen to the worm if it remained in the man's body.
但这个瘸腿男的意识还在，他就不会剥夺他的求生机会。
But the lame man's consciousness is still there, and he will not deprive him of his chance to survive.
瘸腿男的意志似乎比他的外表看起来坚强得多，大约十来分钟后，他的表情再次变得统一，眼神也变得坚定许多。
The lame man's will seemed to be much stronger than his appearance, and after about ten minutes, his expression became unified again, and his eyes became much more determined.
“我时间不多，有些事我需要告诉你，如果你能传信给那边警告他们，那最好。如果你不愿意，也没什么。如果那里变成虫窝，那也是他们自找的。”
"I don't have much time, there are some things I need to tell you, and if you can send a message to them to warn them, it would be better. If you don't want to, it's nothing. If it becomes a worm nest, they did it themselves. ”
瘸腿男惨笑，喘了口气，快速说道：“我是隔壁囚犯岛逃出来的囚犯，我能逃出来，我以为是靠的我自己，还有我的伙伴。现在我知道了，应该是我胸口这只虫卵在指路，还有我的那个伙伴身上的虫卵。它们已经侵占了我们的部分意识，但我不知道，我一直以为那都是我们自己的想法，包括找到逃出去的方法。”
The lame man laughed miserably, took a breath, and said quickly: "I am a prisoner who escaped from the prisoner island next door, I can escape, I thought it was by myself, and my partner." Now I know that it must be the egg on my chest that is guiding the way, and the egg on my partner. They have encroached on some of our consciousness, but I don't know, I always thought it was all our own thoughts, including finding a way to escape. ”
雷木心中一凛。能侵占人类意识的虫卵？这是说那虫卵不但能吞噬人的灵魂，还能替代被吞噬的人？这是什么虫子？
Lei Mu's heart sank. Eggs that can invade human consciousness? Does this mean that the egg can not only devour people's souls, but also replace those who are devoured? What kind of bug is this?
“虫卵想要带着我逃出去，就是想要来到这里，这个湖泊，还有我学到的……其实是那只虫卵感应到的药草，应该对那只虫子都有帮助孵化的作用。”
"The eggs want to get out with me, they just want to come here, this lake, and what I've learned...... In fact, it is the herb that the egg senses, which should have a helping effect on the insect's hatching. ”
瘸腿男狠咬舌尖，咽下一口血，继续道：“岛上的囚犯大多都想逃出来，那里内部就是个弱肉强食的动物世界，狱卒从来不管我们的死活，他们只负责看守我们，不让我们逃出囚牢范围。”
The lame man bit the tip of his tongue, swallowed a mouthful of blood, and continued: "Most of the prisoners on the island want to escape, there is a world of animals inside the jungle, and the jailers never care about our life or death, they are only responsible for guarding us and not letting us escape from the prison range. ”
“那里的囚犯为了活下去，很多人都在想方设法地想要变强。我也是其中一个，我不是第一个感染虫卵的人，我也是被骗了。有人告诉我，如果吃下一颗药丸，就能让自己有一定几率获得特别能力。那个人是我在岛上最好的朋友……”
"In order to survive, a lot of the prisoners there are trying to get stronger. I'm one of them, I'm not the first person to get infected with eggs, I've been scammed too. I was told that if I took a pill, I would have a chance of gaining special abilities. That guy is my best friend on the island......"
瘸腿男眼神哀伤一瞬，接着说道：“我相信了，花费了很大代价，买了一颗药丸吃掉。我那个朋友也买了。”
The lame man's eyes were sad for a moment, and then he said, "I believe it, and I spent a lot of money to buy a pill and eat it." My friend bought it too. ”
“我不知道有多少人买那药丸，但肯定不少。服下药丸不久，我确实感到了身体上的变化，我本来身体很弱，在囚犯中是被欺压的底层，可自从服下药丸后，我发现我的身体变得轻盈，动作变得更灵活，尤其我的脑子……我感觉自己变聪明了，记忆力也变得比以前好得多。”
"I don't know how many people bought that pill, but it's certainly quite a lot. Soon after taking the pill, I did feel a change in my body, I was very weak and was at the bottom of the oppressed among the prisoners, but since taking the pill, I found that my body has become lighter and my movements have become more flexible, especially my brain...... I feel like I'm getting smarter and my memory is much better than before. ”
瘸腿男神色黯然：“这样的好处谁能抵得住？然后某天我看到某株长在路边的野草，忽然感觉到吃下它会对我有好处，我就吃了，发现确实会让我更舒服。我开始刻意学习药草，我学得不怎么样，但总是能发现对我和朋友有用的药草，我以为是我自己天赋觉醒的缘故。”
The lame man's expression was gloomy: "Who can withstand such a benefit?" Then one day I saw a certain weed growing on the side of the road, and suddenly I felt that eating it would be good for me, so I ate it, and found that it would indeed make me more comfortable. I began to study herbs deliberately, I didn't learn very well, but I always found herbs that worked for me and my friends, and I thought it was because of my own natural awakening. ”
瘸腿男再次惨笑：“真实呢？真实那都是虫卵的作用，它能直接感应到哪些东西对它有好处。后来，有一天，我和我那个朋友在无意间看到一名囚犯杀死了两个欺负他的囚犯。”
The lame man laughed miserably again: "What about the real thing? In fact, it is all the effect of the egg, and it can directly sense what is good for it. Later, one day, that friend of mine and I accidentally saw a prisoner kill two prisoners who were bullying him. ”
瘸腿男说到了关键，他没有停顿：“我们都看得非常清楚，看到那名囚犯的手臂突然炸出无数的飞虫。那些飞虫落到另外两个囚犯身上，很快就把他们吃得干干净净。吃完了，那些飞虫又飞回到那被欺负的囚犯身上，重新变成他的手臂。”
The lame man got to the point, and he didn't pause: "We all saw very clearly, and we saw that the prisoner's arm suddenly exploded with countless flying insects. The flying insects landed on the other two prisoners and quickly ate them clean. After eating, the flying insects flew back to the bullied prisoner and became his arms again. ”
“我们不知道那名囚犯有没有发现我们，我们吓坏了，第一次知道人的手臂竟然能变成无数飞虫。但这不是我们第一次看到怪异的事情，因为我身体变得特别灵活，走路也特别轻，为了活得更好，我……想偷一个大佬的东西，结果却看到他躲在房间吃人肉。”
"We didn't know if the prisoner had spotted us, we were terrified, and for the first time we learned that a human arm could turn into an infinite number of flying insects. But this is not the first time we have seen weird things, because I have become very flexible and walk very lightly, and in order to live better, I ...... I wanted to steal something from a big guy, but I saw him hiding in the room and eating human flesh. ”
瘸腿男脸上露出恶心的神情，他也是坏人，却也无法接受那样的事情。
The lame man had a disgusting look on his face, he was also a bad person, but he couldn't accept that kind of thing.
“因为岛上总是有囚犯消失，所以平时少几个囚犯，根本没有人在意。”瘸腿男溢出哭音：“我不知道从什么时候开始，那座囚牢开始变得特别恐怖，但这些异样都没有多少人察觉，就是那些狱卒也一样。”
"Because there are always prisoners disappearing on the island, there are usually a few fewer prisoners, and no one cares at all." The lame man cried: "I don't know when that prison began to become particularly terrifying, but not many people noticed these anomalies, even the jailers. ”
“我那次偷看暴露了，我担心那名大佬会把我找出来杀死吃掉，就想要离开那座可怕的岛屿。我跟朋友说了我的打算，对方也支持我的想法，我们就开始一起想办法。”
"My peek was exposed, and I was afraid that the big guy would find me, kill and eat me, and I wanted to leave that terrible island. I told my friend about my plan, and they supported my idea, and we started to figure it out together. ”
雷木看瘸腿男说着说着竟然哭起来，不知是哭他的朋友，还是哭自己的遭遇，为了转移他的情绪，就问了一个关键问题：“你什么时候发现自己身体里有虫卵，并且就要孵化？”
Lei Mu saw that the lame man was crying as he spoke, and he didn't know whether to cry for his friend or his own experience, so in order to divert his emotions, he asked a key question: "When did you find out that you had worm eggs in your body and were about to hatch?" ”
瘸腿男吸了吸鼻涕，眼中忽然流露出痛苦之色：“我和我那个朋友住在一起，有天晚上，我半夜醒来，看到他胸口有东西在动。我把他推醒，跟他说了。结果他竟然半点不在意，还说这只是我们服下的药丸在改变我们的身体，等到改变结束，我们就能获得特别能力。”
The lame man sniffed, and a look of pain suddenly appeared in his eyes: "I live with that friend of mine, and one night, I woke up in the middle of the night and saw something moving in his chest. I woke him up and told him. As a result, he didn't even care at all, and said that it was just the pill we took that was changing our body, and when the change was over, we would be able to gain special abilities. ”
“你那个朋友的意识是不是已经被虫子侵占？”雷木问。
"Has that friend of yours been overrun by bugs?" Raimu asked.
瘸腿男痛苦低嗯，“但我那时还不知道我们服下的药丸就是虫卵，我只是觉得我那个朋友变得越来越古怪。有时候他好像还是他，有时候就不是他了。我开始偷偷观察他、跟踪他，发现他竟然和那个手臂能变成飞虫的囚犯有说有笑，有一天，我听到那人问我的朋友，问我的身体里的虫卵什么时候能孵化，并很好奇虫卵的品种。”
The lame man whispered in pain, "But I didn't know at the time that the pills we were taking were eggs, I just thought my friend was getting weirder and weirder." Sometimes it seems like he's still him, sometimes it's not him. I began to spy on him and follow him, and found that he was actually talking and laughing with the prisoner whose arm could turn into flying insects, and one day I heard the man ask my friend when the eggs in my body would hatch, and wondered about the varieties of eggs. ”
雷木打断他：“每个人服下的虫卵都不一样？” Lei Mu interrupted him: "Everyone takes different eggs? ”
“我不知道。”瘸腿男沉浸在痛苦中，说话也开始变得颠三倒四：“如果只是身体变异，我不怕，只要我还是我自己。可我自己都不是我自己了，变强对我还有什么意义？我本来想要质问他，但他说他一定会带我逃出去，我决定还是相信他。不，我不是相信他，我只是想要离开，我太害怕了，我以为离开就可以重新开始，就可以当什么都没有发生过……”
"I don't know." The lame man was immersed in pain, and his speech began to become inverted: "If it's just a physical mutation, I'm not afraid, as long as I'm still myself." But I'm not myself anymore, what's the point of being stronger? I wanted to question him, but he said he would take me out, and I decided to believe him. No, I didn't believe him, I just wanted to leave, I was so scared, I thought I could start over if I left, I could just act as if nothing had happened......"
瘸腿男的情绪忽然变得激动：“他走了，我知道他为什么走，因为他的身体就要开始变异，他不想让我看到，他怕我看到后害怕，把身体里的虫卵给挖出来！都是他害了我，都是他！我恨他！”
The lame man's emotions suddenly became excited: "He left, I know why he left, because his body is about to start mutating, he doesn't want me to see it, he is afraid that I will be afraid when I see it, and dig out the eggs in my body!" It's all he who hurt me, it's all him! I hate him! ”
雷木任由他发泄情绪。 Remu let him vent.
瘸腿男不断嘶吼，吼得嗓子都劈了。 The lame man kept roaring, so loud that his throat split.
瘸腿男嘶吼得累了，他忽然看向雷木，带着绝望和决绝说道：“杀了我吧，连同那只虫子一起，让我的罪恶就此结束。”
The lame man roared tiredly, and he suddenly looked at Lei Mu, and said with despair and determination: "Kill me, along with that worm, and let my sins end." ”
“好。”雷木答应了，没有丝毫犹豫，出手就拍晕了瘸腿男。
"Okay." Lei Mu agreed, without the slightest hesitation, and stunned the lame man with a shot.
他自始至终都没有从瘸腿男身上感到杀意和恶意，这个人虽然是一名逃犯，但身上的戾气和杀气都不重，也不是什么皮白心黑的狡诈小人。
He never felt murderous intent and malice from the lame man, although this person was a fugitive, but the anger and murderous aura on his body were not heavy, and he was not a cunning villain with white skin and black heart.
不是说被关进监牢的就都是百分百的坏人，雷木自己就被冤枉过，所以他很清楚有些执法部门有多么黑暗和昏庸。
It's not that all the people who are in prison are 100% bad people, Remu himself has been wronged, so he knows very well how dark and mediocre some law enforcement agencies are.
当然这也不能保证瘸腿男真的就是被冤枉的好人，雷木只是不想就这么随便把一个和他无仇无怨又没当他面做坏事的人杀了。而且他还有不少疑问想要询问对方。
Of course, this doesn't guarantee that the lame man is really a good person who has been wronged, and Reimu just doesn't want to just kill a person who has no grudge against him and hasn't done bad things in front of him. And he still has a lot of questions he wants to ask the other party.
雷木环视湖泊，记下地点，拎起瘸腿男向山外走。 Lei Mu looked around the lake, noted the location, picked up the lame man and walked out of the mountain.
村里的年轻人赶在落潮前从山里回来了，海耀祖正在和船锚汇报他们在山里寻找的情况。
The young people of the village came back from the mountains just before the tide went down, and Hai Yaozu was reporting to the anchor about their search in the mountains.
“发现了一座小屋，但没找到人，里面的火堆熄灭不超过半天，我们在附近找了，对方很可能躲了起来。”
"I found a hut, but I didn't find anyone, the fire inside was extinguished for less than half a day, we looked for it nearby, and the other party was probably hiding."
“嗯，明天继续寻找，务必要把这个人找到。”船锚说完这句话，抬头就看到了从山林里走出来的雷木。
"Well, if you continue to search tomorrow, you must find this person." After the anchor said this, he looked up and saw Lei Mu coming out of the mountain forest.
雷木手里提着一个瘦削的男子，男子闭着眼睛，似乎昏迷不醒。
Raimu was holding a thin man in his hand, his eyes closed, and he seemed unconscious.
船锚立刻招呼雷木。 The anchor immediately beckoned to Remu.
海耀祖等人则都看向被雷木提着的男子。 Hai Yaozu and the others all looked at the man who was being carried by Lei Mu.
“他是谁？”船锚问出这个问题时，心里已经有大案。 "Who is he?" When Anchor asked this question, he already had a big case in mind.
果然雷木回答道：“应该就是窥探我和小叶子的那个神秘人。”
Sure enough, Lei Mu replied, "It should be the mysterious person who spied on me and Xiao Yezi." ”
船锚对他拱手：“厉害。那么多小子派出去都没找到人，你对咱们这里不熟悉，还能抓到对方。只有他一个吗？”
The anchor bowed to him: "Amazing." So many boys sent out and didn't find anyone, you are not familiar with us here, and you can still catch each other. Is he the only one? ”
雷木：“只发现他一个。” Remu: "He's the only one found. ”
海耀祖插嘴：“叔，我们在那小屋里也只看到一个人的生活痕迹。”
Hai Yaozu interjected: "Uncle, we only saw traces of one person's life in that hut. ”
船锚安心了，他们不怕外来人登上他们的岛，他们怕的是这些外来人躲着他们悄悄干一些对岛民不利的事情。
The anchor is relieved, they are not afraid of outsiders landing on their island, they are afraid that these outsiders will avoid them and quietly do something unfavorable to the islanders.
海耀祖伸手，想从雷木手里接过这个人。他没有别的意思，只是单纯地认为这种鬼鬼祟祟的外来者应该交给他们村子处置，总不能事事麻烦村里的贵客。
Hai Yaozu stretched out his hand, wanting to take this person from Lei Mu's hand. He had no other meaning, but simply thought that such sneaky outsiders should be handed over to their village to deal with, and they should not trouble the village's distinguished guests in everything.
雷木却避开了海耀祖的手，“这个人暂时还不能交给你们，他身上有问题。”
Lei Mu avoided Hai Yaozu's hand, "This person can't be handed over to you for the time being, he has a problem." ”
“哎？什么问题？”船锚一惊，拉住海耀祖。 "Huh? What's the problem? The anchor was startled and grabbed Hai Yaozu.
海耀祖和几个要好的年轻人也一起看向雷木。 Hai Yaozu and a few good young people also looked at Lei Mu together.
雷木正要解释，就听到村长的呼喊声：“船锚！” Lei Mu was about to explain, when he heard the village chief's shout: "Anchor! ”
船锚等人一起转头，就见不算老但年纪也不小的村长竟然在奔跑，那模样一看就是有急事。
The anchor and the others turned their heads together, and they saw that the village chief, who was not old but not young, was actually running, and it looked like there was an emergency.
船锚一时顾不得雷木这边，忙迎向村长：“怎么了？发生了什么事？”
The anchor didn't care about Lei Mu's side for a while, and hurriedly greeted the village chief: "What's wrong?" What happened? ”
“坏事！”村长停下脚步，喘了好一会儿，急急把礁石滩发现怪物和血吸虫寄生的事说了，又说了王叶的推测。重点说明王叶的功绩，对他大加称赞。
"Bad thing!" The village chief stopped, gasped for a while, and hurriedly told the story of the discovery of monsters and schistosomiasis parasites on the reef beach, and then said Wang Ye's speculation. Focus on Wang Ye's exploits and praise him.
雷木听说王叶竟然能检查出村民身上有没有被血吸虫寄生，还能杀死寄生在人体中的血吸虫，眼中似有奇异的光一闪而过。
When Lei Mu heard that Wang Ye could check whether the villagers were parasitized by schistosomes, and he could also kill the schistosomes parasitic in the human body, there seemed to be a strange light flashing in his eyes.
船锚等人听了，又是好奇又是后怕，也对雷木和王叶这对兄弟更为尊重。
When the anchor and the others heard this, they were both curious and afraid, and they also respected Lei Mu and Wang Ye more for the brothers.
几个年轻人待不住，好奇那虫子长什么样，一窝蜂地跑去礁石滩那边看热闹，虽然那边已经没什么热闹可看。
A few young people couldn't stay any longer, wondering what the insect looked like, and rushed to the reef beach to see the excitement, although there was no more excitement to see.
船锚比年轻人稳重得多，继续跟村长说话：“这么说鲨鱼有可能被那什么血吸虫的母虫给钻进身体里了？”
The anchor was much more steady than the young man, and continued to speak to the village chief: "So it is possible that the shark has been burrowed into the body by the mother worm of the schistosome?" ”
“很有可能。”村长抓住船锚的手，“你看我们是不是立刻派人去海草岛那边找鲨鱼一家？”
"Quite possibly." The village chief grabbed the anchor's hand, "Do you think we should immediately send someone to the Seagrass Island to find the shark family?" ”
船锚抬头看向西落的太阳，不太赞成地道：“现在出海太迟了，再过两三个小时，太阳就会彻底落入海里，晚上行船有多危险，你也知道。”
The anchor looked up at the sunset in the west, and said disapprovingly: "It's too late to go to sea now, in two or three hours, the sun will completely set into the sea, and you know how dangerous it is to sail at night." ”
村长焦急：“那怎么办？如果那虫子在鲨鱼体内再生一堆虫卵，虫卵再孵化，不只鲨鱼一家要倒霉，海草岛那边……”
The village chief was anxious: "What should I do then?" If the worm regenerates a bunch of eggs in the shark's body, and the eggs hatch again, not only the shark will be unlucky, but the seagrass island will ......."
村长后悔，早知就不让鲨鱼一家离开村子了。 The village chief regretted that he would not have let the shark family leave the village.
可那时谁能想到会发生这样的事？ But who would have thought that such a thing would happen?
船锚也知道人命关天，但他不可能就因为要去找鲨鱼，就让村人冒着黑夜行船的危险。晚上的海风向来比白天猛烈，加上视线不清，如果偏离航道，再被风一吹，天知道船只会被吹到什么地方。
The anchor also knew that human life was at stake, but he couldn't let the villagers risk sailing in the dark just because he was going to find sharks. The sea breeze at night is always stronger than during the day, and with a blurred line of sight, if you deviate from the course and are blown by the wind, God knows where the ship will be blown.
“明天早上吧，等明天早上退潮，我就乘船去一趟海草岛。”船锚还想带上会辨识虫子也能救人的小叶子一起，但这事还得跟小叶子与他兄长商量。
"Tomorrow morning, when the tide goes out tomorrow morning, I'll take a boat to Seagrass Island." The anchor also wanted to bring Xiao Ye, who could recognize insects and save people, but this matter had to be discussed with Xiao Ye and his brother.
村长无奈，也只能这样了，他也不可能为了鲨鱼一家和海草岛那边，就不顾他自己的村人。
The village chief had no choice but to do this, and he couldn't ignore his own villagers for the sake of the shark family and Seagrass Island.
“雷兄弟，你手上拎的人是？”村长终于注意到雷木提在手里的人。
"Brother Lei, who is the person you are carrying?" The village chief finally noticed the man who was in Remuti's hands.
“木木！”王叶远远地看见雷木，立刻撒腿奔了过来。 "Mumu!" Wang Ye saw Lei Mu from a distance, and immediately ran over.
雷木看到王叶，没什么表情的脸也出现了淡淡的笑容。 When Lei Mu saw Wang Ye, a faint smile appeared on his expressionless face.
第30章 八脚线虫 Chapter 30: Eight-legged nematodes
两人碰头，雷木简单说明情况，有海沟村人在，他没说得太多。
When the two met, Lei Mu briefly explained the situation, there were people from Trench Village, and he didn't say much.
有些事，他可以和王叶说，却不想告诉海沟村人。
不是信任的问题，只是他觉得把囚犯岛不少囚犯被虫子寄生导致变异的事告诉海沟村人，除了引起他们恐慌和不安，没有其他任何用处。
可王叶那么小小一只，给他的感觉却很稳，就好像有什么困难的事情到了他面前都不会是大事，也别想吓住他。
王叶从雷木的眼神中看出他还有话没说，就上前握住他没有提人的那只手摇了摇，把话题做了终结：“我知道了，这个人九成和礁石滩那边的怪物是一伙的。现在你担心他身体里也有虫卵，对吧？”
雷木给了王叶一个赞扬的眼神，点头：“我是这么怀疑。我看到他胸口皮肤下有东西动了动。”
村长顿时往后退了两步，他也不怕其他人笑话他，只要看过那具变成怪物一样的尸体的人，都会害怕同类物出现。
船锚也有点毛毛的，他见过长在鱼肚子里的寄生虫，村里以前也有人因为吃生海鲜，导致肚子里长虫子，据海草村那边的药师学徒说，这种寄生虫还能钻到人的脑子里，但也没说谁身体里长虫子就变成村长描绘的怪物那样。
“小叶子，这人身体里的虫卵，你有办法取出来吗？还是直接把这人烧死？”村长不是残忍，他只是不想整个村子都倒霉。
“我看看。”王叶握住瘸腿男的手腕，把能量送入其体内走了一番。
当他的因果能量接触到那只被困住的虫子时，那虫子突然爆发出一股极为渴望的情绪。
【玩家隔壁小王发现刚刚孵化的二级八脚线虫母虫，奖励经验值200点。】
【任务发布：海沟村村长恐惧寄生虫的威力和可怕，想要消灭囚犯岛囚犯身体中的祸源，请问玩家隔壁小王是否接受这个任务？完成后，奖励200点经验值。】
“接受。”
竟然是二级，还是母虫，麻烦大了。
寄生虫体系的一级就相当于玩家的零级到十级，二级就相当于玩家十一级到二十级。
在玩家没有掌握特别技能前，想要解决这些寄生虫，只能拼人品和精神力，基本上都是以命换命。更别说这还是一只母虫。
母虫比雄虫可难对付多了。
游戏初期，玩家们只要发现自己被寄生虫寄生，不管寄生他们的是雄虫还是母虫，绝大多数都会选择自杀，再让伙伴帮自己把游戏赋予的身体连同虫子一起焚烧，或者自爆，否则就没办法彻底除去寄生虫。
对付其他人身上的寄生虫，大多也是选择用火焚的方法。
但就算这样，也不一定能把寄生虫都杀死，有些寄生虫感觉到危机，会选择破体而出，直接逃跑，另找寄生体寄生。级别越高，逃得越快。
这还是低级寄生虫，等到中高级，很多寄生虫压根就不怕火焰，想要除去它们会更难。
要不是他已经掌握了因果之力这个特别技能，还真拿这只二级的母虫没办法。
古怪的是，他上辈子就没听说新手村出现过寄生虫。
也许出现了，当地人和玩家都没有察觉？要么就是没法解决，最后被灭村？
王叶没有立刻杀死那只虫子，把能量退出来，道：“这只虫子不太一样，更强大，杀死它需要花费不少时间。木木，我们回去石洞……”
“别回你们石洞了，就到村里吧，村子就在前面，去我家好了，晚上也就在我家吃饭，省得你们再弄。”船锚忍不住道。他还想请小叶子跟他跑一趟海草岛，也想亲眼看看小叶子是怎么杀死藏在身体里的虫子的。
王叶看向雷木。
雷木想着如果小叶子不能解决这只虫子，他也能出手杀虫。且船锚这么热情邀请，也不好不给人家面子，就同意了。
王叶摆出一副“他哥去哪里，他就跟去哪里”的乖宝宝样。
现在他们就在村里进山的进山口，顺着往下的道路一直走，就能走到村子。
王叶来到这里后，还是第一次进入海沟村村落。
这里果然和他上辈子看到的不一样，房屋大多都是石头建造，少部分是木石混合，只有几栋是棕榈叶和泥巴混合在一起的简易房。
房子盖得不算多精致，但一眼看过去，大多都十分牢固。
这里更有着上辈子的海沟村没有的浓浓生活气息，很多人家屋前都晒着渔网，屋檐下挂着咸鱼，好些人就坐在门口用棕榈叶做编织物，还有些男性在制作铺盖屋顶的草苫子。村民们边干活边说话聊天，不时有笑声传出。
这是一个充满活气的村子。
一个扎着马尾辫的女孩跟村长和船锚打招呼，目光落到雷木脸上，像是吓了一跳，脱口就冒出一句：“好丑！”
王叶的脸立刻拉了下来。
他家木头哪里丑了？没眼光的臭丫头！
海耀祖尴尬，赶紧跑过去和女孩说话，那神情一看就很喜欢那女孩。
村长看到长孙的举动，皱皱眉，对王叶和雷木满是歉意地道：“抱歉，那是黑猪奶奶的孙女儿多美，那丫头不太会说话，你们别在意。”
雷木不在意，他被人害怕和排斥也不是第一次。
但王叶在意，他家好大儿是别人能说的吗？
有种美，叫爸爸眼里的美。在王叶眼里，雷木五官明明很好看，那些文字刺青更是一种艺术，哪儿哪儿都好看得不得了。
一心维护好大儿的小爸爸当下就阴阳怪气地道：“你大孙子好像很喜欢那丫头？”
村长干咳：“不止我孙子，村里好多年轻人都喜欢她，不过这丫头眼光高，到现在还没把婚事定下来。”
船锚似乎不太喜欢这个女孩，语气有点不善地道：“这丫头好高骛远，她奶奶的本事半点没学到，成天就想着嫁去海草村，找个有钱人过日子。也不看看人海草村的富户怎么会愿意娶她。”
船锚对黑猪奶奶也有意见，他当着王叶和雷木这两个外人的面，就跟村长说：“他爷，您得跟黑猪奶奶好好说说，不能只教自家孙女儿，也得带带村里想学的娃儿。如果多美是个能学得进去的，那也好，可多美明显不是那块材料，自己也不愿意学，等黑猪奶奶去见海神爷爷了，村里再有人有个头疼脑热的怎么办？”
村长露出为难神情，他其实跟黑猪奶奶提过这事，但黑猪奶奶婉拒了，后来大概却不过他的面子，就说想要跟她学习也行，但得入赘她家。
村长倒不介意孙子入赘，但耀祖明显对做草药师没兴趣，而多美那丫头看着也不像是想要和耀祖在一起。
海家的海崖倒是很想给黑猪奶奶当弟子，但那孩子又看不上多美，还很讨厌对方。麻烦啊~
村长唉声叹气，偷瞄了王叶好几眼。
雷木看得好笑。
王叶哼唧，村长和船锚这一套都是他上辈子玩剩下的，他也不至于因为一个不会说话的臭丫头，就把自己曾经许下的事否掉。
就道：“前几天太忙了，都没顾得上给海崖海蛋他们上课，等鲨鱼和这个逃犯的事解决，我就给他们开课。村长有合适的人也可以送过来。不过我丑话说在前头，不好好学的人，我会直接扔出去不会给第二次机会。”
村长大喜，脸上因为鲨鱼和寄生虫导致的愁容都消散不少，连声说好，又不住跟两兄弟道谢。
船锚也露出笑脸。看看人小叶子，人还是从外面漂来的，可对他们村却这么好。黑猪奶奶呢？
人有私心正常，但享受着村里的贡奉，却完全不考虑村人的私心，就让人有点膈应了。
船锚心想今晚一定要把家里的好东西都拿出来，让婆娘好好收拾一顿好吃的。对了，他家里还有一些他从海里捞出来的稀奇古怪但卖不上什么钱的东西，也可以送给小叶子。
小孩子应该都喜欢这类小玩意吧？
到了船锚家，船锚把家人很郑重地介绍给王叶和雷木，又把家人都赶开，不准他们围观。
船锚妻子是个脸圆圆、略有些发福的女人，天生一双笑眼，看到谁都是一副笑眯眯的样子。
“今晚我们有口福了，船锚他婆娘珍珠烧海鲜的手艺一流，当初她第一次去海草村赶集，在那里摆摊，就被不少海草村的年轻人看中。船锚费了好一番手脚，才把那些觊觎他婆娘的人打败，把珍珠带了回来。”
船长爷爷打趣船锚的话让大家都笑起来。
船锚妻子叫上孩子们去忙活晚饭了，把前院整个空出来给王叶他们使用。
有村民听说了礁石滩那边怪物的事，看到雷木手里提着一个陌生人，好奇地围了过来，还有人想要进来看热闹，被海耀祖拦在了篱笆墙外。
王叶不再耽搁，让雷木放下瘸腿男，又让其他人都不要靠近，单手握住了瘸腿男的手腕。
村长等人全部退得远远，他们是想看热闹，但也不想被虫子寄生。
雷木就站在王叶身边，准备随时补刀。
王叶之前说杀死这只虫子要费一些时间并不是推脱。
二级寄生虫比一级难杀，成虫比幼虫难杀，同样母虫比雄虫也难杀不止一倍。
另外，其他人就算掌握了特别技能，想要杀死这些寄生虫，也会连带伤害到被寄生体。
只有因果之力，可以把被杀死的寄生虫尸体直接转变为养料，用来滋养被寄生体，也算是偿还寄生的因果。
所以王叶敢在被寄生者的身体内直接动手杀虫，而不用担心虫体残渣留在被寄生者体内伤害到被寄生体。
王叶不知道还有没有其他能力也能做到这一点，反正直到他上辈子死亡为止，他只发现因果之力可以这样。
但二级母虫幼虫可不像是一级的血吸虫雄虫幼虫那么弱，能乖乖被他束缚住，最后无可奈何被他杀死再转变成养料。
他现在是三级，二级母虫就算刚刚孵化，那也相当于玩家十五级左右。
三岁的孩子和十五岁的少女搏斗，就算三岁的孩子有异能，但十五岁的少女也有自己的特别本事，就问谁能赢？
最麻烦的是他在和虫子搏斗时，还得困住虫子不让它乱跑，否则被寄生体就要遭受大罪，搞不好疼死都有可能。
如果虫子被他逼急了，从被寄生体内逃跑，就会强行撕裂被寄生者的身体，就像那怪物一样。
可王叶从动作到心态都很稳。
无他，因为雷木恢复了。
他在之前输送能量时就察觉那只虫子被困在瘸腿男的心脏部位，一动不能动。
这招，王叶可熟可熟。
上辈子他帮别人除虫，就是木头用这招帮他固定住虫子。
好吧，不止是虫子，还有其他想要对付他、和他想要对付的家伙。
总之，有雷木在，他半点不担心无法解决这只二级母虫，就是要多耗费一点时间，慢慢磨死它。
当王叶使用【冤冤相报】，把因果线刺入二级母虫的一刹那，昏迷中的瘸腿男身体猛地一抽，睁开了眼睛。
“你是谁？你在做什么？放开我！”瘸腿男惊恐大叫。
雷木想要提醒小叶子：这个人现在的意识很可能受到了虫子的影响。
却见小叶子理都没理瘸腿男，继续输送能量。
瘸腿男开始疯狂挣扎，雷木口吐：“困！”
困字符落到瘸腿男身上，瘸腿男身体被困住，不能再随便乱动，只有嘴巴可以开合。
瘸腿男或者说那只母虫感到了极度危险，眼珠转来转去，忽然道：“我知道怎么可以让人变成异能者。你们不想获得特别能力吗？你们不想操控水火雷电，不想杀人于无形，不想随随便便就能赚到大量钱财，还能长生不老吗？”
村长、船锚和村民等人听了这话，全都张大了嘴巴。
“啊啊啊！”瘸腿男痛得拼命大叫，“我现在就能告诉你们这岛中有一样东西，谁得到它，谁就能从此青春永驻……啊——！”
有村人急了，多美也在看热闹的人群中，一听这话，就对村长喊：“村长？这人是谁啊？他说的是真是假？要么先放过他，让大家去看看他说的是不是真的？”
“是啊，村长，可以先验证一下，如果确定这人说谎，再杀他也不迟。”
村长怒：“验证个屁！这人是隔壁囚犯岛的逃犯，一个囚犯的话你们也相信？死都不知道怎么死的！而且这人现在被虫子寄生，不除掉他体内的虫子，你们是都想变成海边那个怪物的样子吗？”
雷木看村长足够清醒，就没去管那些村人，他的注意力都在王叶和瘸腿男身上。
瘸腿男见无法影响他人，只能把全部精神都用来对付王叶。
“饶了我吧，我做错了什么？求求你，不要杀它，它不会害人，也不会把人变成怪物，它是我的好伙伴，没有它，我就活不到现在，我跟海边那个怪物不一样。如果你们放了我，我马上就离开这座岛，我永远都不会回来，求求你……”
表面上看，王叶似乎不为所动，一心除虫。但在别人看不到的精神层面，他正在抵御那只二级母虫的精神攻击和感染。
上辈子他就曾想过，《极度危险》这个游戏每次给玩家升级，都会给玩家增加一定的精神力值，也许就是为了抵抗寄生虫族。
而地球玩家也是最好的抵抗和杀死寄生虫族的武器。
一旦遇到寄生虫族的精神攻击，玩家抵抗不了，游戏系统会在危险值前立刻宣布玩家的“死亡”，让他们脱离游戏。
如此，玩家损失的只是游戏赋予的身体，他们的精神力源绝不会受到无法修复性的伤害。而他们在游戏中做任务升级的过程，其实就是在锻炼自己的精神力。
当玩家们的精神力达到一定程度，就能抵抗寄生虫族的精神力攻击，甚而反过来杀死寄生虫族。
他嘛，现在只有三级，如果按照普通地球玩家的普遍精神力值计算，他现在根本无法抵御二级母虫的精神攻击，但大约是重生归来的缘故，他的初始精神力值就很高。
何况他还清楚一点别人不知道的小秘密，别看对抗寄生虫族的精神力攻击很痛苦，但如果能熬过去，对自己的精神力增长会有莫大好处。
而且不知道是因果之力的效用，还是他的精神力原本就有一点特殊，他发现他似乎可以吞噬和消化别的精神力为自己所用。
如果是更高级的寄生虫族攻击他，也许会有点麻烦，但对面那只二级八脚线母虫的精神力值貌似比他还低一些，用精神力攻击他，几乎是在给他送菜，正中他的下怀。
第31章 魔偶和石片
这只二级八脚线母虫大约也没想到就在它刚刚孵化，即将改造这具身体，开始大展拳脚之前，竟然会遇到雷木和王叶这两个奇葩。
这两人，一人能困住它，不让它逃跑。
另一人则能不断抽取它身体内的能量。
当它把希望全部寄托在精神力攻击上时，却发现它的精神力全都有去无回。
虫子慌了，向周边发出求救信号，希望周边有寄生虫族能来帮助它。
但没有。
它明明应该还有一个同伴，对方比它提前孵化，虽然它寄生的那具身体死了，但它应该立刻就选择了另一具寄生体。
而那具已经死亡的前寄生体也不会被浪费，它们是母虫，从孵化开始就会产卵，只要当时情况和时间允许，那只母虫在脱离前寄生体时，一定会产下大量虫卵。
这些都是雄虫的虫卵只要孵化，它们就会到处吸食养料，再飞回母虫身边，反哺母虫。
虽然它不是那些雄虫的母虫，但它是二级，那些雄虫只是一级，听到它的召唤，也必定会过来救它。可为什么一只都没有出现？
难道那只母虫已经远离这座岛屿？包括它产下的虫卵也是？
二级八脚线母虫感到生命消逝，它开始向那个人类幼崽传递求饶信息，表示自己可以臣服他，为他做事。
但没有用，那个人类小崽铁了心要杀死它，它就要支撑不住。
它、它的身体也在融化，这是什么古怪的力量？
虫子在临死前的一刹那想把这条重要讯息传回虫巢，但它的精神力源跟着被击毁，最后一条信息还没有完成就消散了。
瘸腿男身体抽搐，眼睛翻白，嘴里陡然发出一声极为凄厉的惨叫，昏死了过去。
王叶缓缓收回握住瘸腿男手腕的右手。
呃，吃得有点撑，他得消化消化。
随后，王叶闭眼不动，周围人也不敢惊动他。
篱笆墙外，村民们窃窃私语，也没有人敢高声喧哗，谁要是声音大点，就会被人要求闭嘴，让他们不要吵到小叶子。
小小的王叶，如今在绝大多数海沟村民心中的地位都相当高。
也有个别村民看王叶不顺眼，小不点一只，凭什么就让大家这么尊敬他？
当然，只要不是真脑残，就算心里有这种想法，也不敢当着大家伙的面说出来，除非他不想在村里混了。
过了大约有十分钟，王叶才重新睁开眼睛，他的精神力值在他游戏等级没有提升的情况下升高了0.01点。
虽然只有0.01点，但这才只是一只二级母虫，积少成多，迟早一天他会恢复到上辈子精神力最强大的时候，乃至超过。
游戏系统的播报声同时在他脑中响起：
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，顺利消灭让海沟村村长惶恐的祸源，获得经验值奖励200点。】
【玩家隔壁小王杀死二级八脚线虫母虫一只，奖励经验值25点。】
【玩家隔壁小王杀死逃犯章绘体内寄生虫，成功挽回其性命，奖励经验值100点。】
同时他还收获了两份因果之力。一份来自囚犯，一份来自村长。
丰厚的回报让王叶笑眯了眼。
雷木看小家伙笑得像偷吃到鱼的猫仔一样，就知道小家伙在消灭那只虫子的过程中不但没吃亏，说不定还得了什么好处。
雷木捏捏小家伙的耳朵，让他收敛一点。
王叶立刻把嘴角拉平，老气横秋地对村长等人点点头，道：“幸不辱命。”
船锚嘴角一翘。
村长干咳一声，一通彩虹屁考虑都不考虑，就涌向了王叶。
王叶听得肉麻，跳起来抓住雷木的手，“哥，我好饿。”
是真饿，他刚才吃撑的是精神力，从回来到现在，他一直在忙碌，小孩子的身体挨不住饿，消化完那只母虫的精神力，他就感觉饿得要死。
船锚连忙招呼：“饭菜差不多快好了，我们马上就开饭。”
瘸腿男被绑起来，送到了柴火间。
村长打算等明天再审问他，然后看能不能和隔壁囚犯岛联系上，把这个人送回去。如果能因此得点奖励那最好，如果没有，那也没什么。
海沟村这时也到了吃晚饭的时候，家家户户都升起了炊火，看热闹的人也大多散去。
有几个村民对之前瘸腿男喊出的话特别在意，看到瘸腿男被关进柴房，心里各自转起念头。
“小叶子，你好厉害！”海蛋想要扑过来，被他爷爷拎着回家了。一看村长和船锚就有事要和那对兄弟聊，哪能让孙子去捣乱。
海蛋还喊着明天去找王叶，之前的背叛之恨早被他忘到九霄云外。
王叶对他摆摆手。 Wang Ye waved his hand at him.
看到王叶和海蛋似乎玩得很好，船锚的几个孩子也都大着胆子围向王叶。
“小叶子，你刚才是在做什么？那个人为什么叫得那么惨？”
"Xiao Yezi, what were you doing just now? Why did that person scream so badly? ”
“我那是在给那人治病。” "I'm treating the man."
“哇哦，小叶子，你好厉害啊，这么小就会给人治病了。”
"Wow, Xiaoyezi, you are so powerful, you can treat people at such a young age."
“呵呵，一般一般，世界第三。” "Hehe, so-so, third in the world."
船锚的小儿子很天真地问：“你是世界第三，那世界第一和第二是谁啊？”
The anchor's youngest son innocently asked, "You are the third in the world, so who are the first and second in the world?" ”
王叶想都不想地回答：“第一是我师父，第二是我哥大木头。”
Wang Ye replied without thinking: "The first is my master, and the second is my brother's big wood." ”
雷木：“……过奖。” Remu: "...... Overpraise. ”
船锚的孩子们一堆问题想要问王叶，还想拉着他一起玩。
The children at the anchor wanted to ask Wang Ye a bunch of questions, and they wanted to pull him to play with him.
王叶看到这几个还拖着鼻涕的小鬼往他身上扑，转身就跟猴子似地爬到了雷木背上。
Wang Ye saw these little ghosts who were still dragging their noses and pounced on him, turned around and climbed onto Lei Mu's back like a monkey.
孩子们尖叫起来，也想爬到雷木身上玩。 The children screamed and tried to climb on Thunderwood to play.
王叶当即挥手：“去去去，木木是我一个人的，都走开！”
Wang Ye immediately waved his hand: "Go, go, Mu Mu is my alone, go away!" ”
船锚才十四岁的大女儿船桨，见了这一幕噗噗直笑，张嘴一声喊：“饭好了。”
The anchor's eldest daughter, Oars, who was only fourteen years old, laughed when she saw this scene, and opened her mouth to shout: "The meal is ready." ”
霎时，原本还围着雷木和王叶的几个小崽子转头就往厨房跑，吃饭啦~
Suddenly, a few little cubs who were still surrounding Lei Mu and Wang Ye turned their heads and ran to the kitchen to eat~
船锚一家人，加上村长和海耀祖，以及雷木和王叶，就在前院里围坐在一张大石头前，吃起了晚饭。
The anchor family, plus the village chief and Hai Yaozu, as well as Lei Mu and Wang Ye, sat in front of a big rock in the front yard and had dinner.
桌上摆的一半是海鲜，还有一小半是山里的野货。 Half of the table is seafood, and a small half is wild food from the mountains.
煮熟的黑猪肉被摆放在最中间，肉片都是切好的，夹起来沾上盐粒，在海沟村人心目中这就是岛上最好的美食。
Cooked black pork is placed in the center, sliced and salted, and in the eyes of the people of Trench Village, this is the best delicacy on the island.
所有人都吃得头也不抬，船锚自家也极少吃得这么丰盛，无论大人还是小孩子，手都伸得飞快。
Everyone ate without raising their heads, and the anchor himself rarely ate so richly, and both adults and children stretched out their hands quickly.
在这里，没人会提规矩的事，想吃饱，就得自己动手。而且大家抢得越厉害，越能证明主人做的饭菜好吃，没见船锚的妻子笑得合不拢口嘛。
Here, no one mentions the rules, and if you want to be full, you have to do it yourself. And the more everyone grabs it, the more it proves that the food cooked by the master is delicious, and the wife who didn't see the anchor smile from ear to ear.
王叶发现海沟村人不用筷子，都是用手拿食物后，就用最快速度抢了一堆食物堆放在他和雷木的碗里，然后再慢慢吃。
After Wang Ye found that the people of Trench Village did not use chopsticks and used their hands to hold food, he grabbed a bunch of food as fast as he could, piled it up in his and Lei Mu's bowls, and then ate it slowly.
雷木正想着要照顾小叶子，就见他小爸爸已经把他的碗给堆满了，而且海鲜极少，都是能填肚子的肉。
Lei Mu was thinking about taking care of Xiao Yezi when he saw that his little father had already filled his bowl, and there was very little seafood, all of which were meat that could fill his stomach.
雷木莞尔，学着王叶把碗里的菜夹到薄饼里，卷起来大大咬了一口。
Lei Muwan'er learned from Wang Ye to sandwich the vegetables in the bowl into the pancakes, rolled them up and took a big bite.
吃过一顿热热闹闹的晚饭，雷木和王叶正要告辞，船锚叫住了两人。
After a lively dinner, Lei Mu and Wang Ye were about to say goodbye, when the anchor stopped the two.
村长带着长孙先一步离开，他猜到船锚的打算，如果小叶子自己同意，他也不会有意见。另外，他还要和村老商量一点事，小叶子帮助他们村这么多，这次更是相当于救了他们整个村子，他们不能就这么白白承受好处。
The village chief took the eldest grandson to leave first, he guessed the anchor's intentions, and if Xiao Yezi himself agreed, he would not have an opinion. In addition, he also has to discuss something with the village elders, Xiao Yezi has helped their village so much, and this time it is equivalent to saving their entire village, they can't just bear the benefits in vain.
只是到底要用什么感谢小叶子，他还得和村老们好好商量一番。
It's just that what to thank Xiao Yezi with, he still has to discuss it with the village elders.
刚走出院子没多久，多美站在阴影里对海耀祖招手。 Not long after walking out of the courtyard, Tomei stood in the shadows and beckoned to Hai Yaozu.
海耀祖看看走在前面的爷爷，又看看喜欢的女孩，加快脚步追上他爷，说他和伙伴还有点事，等会儿回家。
Hai Yaozu looked at his grandfather who was walking in front, and then looked at the girl he liked, and quickened his pace to catch up with his grandfather, saying that he and his partner still had something to do, and they would go home later.
村长只点头表示知道，就让他自己玩去，丝毫不担心这个做事稳重的长孙。
The village chief only nodded to indicate that he knew, and let him play by himself, without worrying about this steady eldest grandson.
船锚妻子在院子里点上一个小火堆，往里面丢了驱蚊虫的药草。
The anchor's wife lit a small fire in the yard and threw mosquito-repellent herbs into it.
这时岛上的天还没有黑，正是夕阳晚照，晚霞绚烂的时候，按照地球时间计算，这会儿差不多是晚上八点左右。
At this time, it was not yet dark on the island, and it was the time when the sunset was shining and the sunset was gorgeous, and it was about eight o'clock in the evening according to the calculation of earth time.
“小叶子，雷兄弟，这是我这几年在海里打渔时偶尔捞上来的东西，我也不知道这都是啥，带到海草村集市也没卖出去，我也没舍得扔，你们看看有没有喜欢的，有喜欢的就拿走。都是不值钱的东西，全拿走都行。”
"Xiao Yezi, Brother Lei, this is something I occasionally caught when I was fishing in the sea in the past few years, I don't know what it is, I didn't sell it when I brought it to the seagrass village market, and I didn't want to throw it away, you can see if you like it, and if you like it, take it." It's all worthless things, you can take them all. ”
船锚拿出一个很大的草编袋子，打开袋口，往石桌上倒了一堆东西。
The anchor took out a large straw bag, opened the mouth of the bag, and poured a bunch of things onto the stone table.
这些杂物有看着像是武器碎片的，还有鱼骨、树枝、生锈缺口的小金属瓶、缺了眼睛形象怪异的玩偶，和其他一些零碎，大多是形状怪异的石头。
The debris consisted of what looked like fragments of weapons, as well as fish bones, twigs, small metal bottles with rusty chips, oddly shaped dolls with missing eyes, and other odd pieces, mostly oddly shaped stones.
雷木眼睛扫过桌上的杂物，顺便就施展了眼术，都是没多少能量的东西，怪不得卖不出去。
Lei Mu's eyes swept over the sundries on the table, and by the way, he performed his eye technique, all of which were things that didn't have much energy, no wonder they couldn't be sold.
王叶来了兴趣，他就喜欢这种寻宝游戏，还能顺便考验他的眼力和学识，锻炼他的鉴定术。
Wang Ye is interested, he likes this kind of treasure hunting game, and he can also test his eyesight and knowledge by the way, and exercise his identification skills.
雷木觉得小叶子终于露出小孩子的一面，哪个小孩不喜欢玩具？就是这些玩具看起来稍微有点寒碜。
Lei Mu felt that Xiao Yezi finally showed his child's side, which child doesn't like toys? It's just that these toys look a little shabby.
船锚带着一些期待看向王叶。 The anchor looked at Wang Ye with some anticipation.
他拿出这些卖不出去的杂物，当然不是看不起王叶，想用这些不值钱的东西来打发他。相反，他一直都有一个直觉，这袋东西中至少有一样应该很珍贵。
He took out these sundries that could not be sold, of course, he didn't look down on Wang Ye and wanted to use these worthless things to send him away. On the contrary, he had always had a gut feeling that at least one of the things in this bag should be precious.
他不知道自己为什么有这样的感觉，但在海上讨生活的人大多都很相信自己的直觉，所以哪怕其他人包括他的妻子都说这就是一堆不值钱的垃圾，他还是一样都没舍得扔。
He didn't know why he felt the way he did, but most of the people who begged for a living at sea trusted their instincts, so even if others, including his wife, said it was just a worthless pile of garbage, he didn't bother to throw it away.
王叶趴在石桌上翻翻捡捡，把桌上的杂物都拿起来看了一遍。
Wang Ye rummaged through the stone table, picked up all the sundries on the table, and looked at it.
最后，他把其他东西都拨到一边，只把两样东西放到桌子最中间。
Eventually, he set everything else aside and put only two in the middle of the table.
一个是缺了眼睛、形状怪异的巴掌大玩偶。 One is a large palm doll with missing eyes and a strange shape.
还有一个则是一枚十厘米长两厘米宽的石片。 The other is a stone shard ten centimeters long and two centimeters wide.
明明东西还是那个东西，但船锚此时再看这两样，顿时就觉得它们有了不一样的风采，特别像宝物。
Obviously, the thing is still the same thing, but when the anchor looks at these two things at this time, he suddenly feels that they have a different style, especially like treasures.
“小叶子，你就选这两样？”哪怕猜知这两样东西可能不凡，但船锚丝毫没有收回的意思，他说送给小叶子那就是送。
"Xiaoyezi, you choose these two?" Even if he guessed that these two things might be extraordinary, the anchor did not mean to take it back at all, and he said that if he gave it to Xiaoyezi, it would be sent.
王叶先点了点那个玩偶：“这是魔偶。魔法师有一支分支，就是魔偶师，他们利用魔偶施展各种法术。”
Wang Ye clicked on the doll first: "This is a magic puppet." There is a branch of magicians, the puppeteers, who use puppets to cast various spells. ”
“什么？这是魔偶？”海沟村人不知道魔偶，但在外面当水手闯荡过多年的船锚却对这名字如雷贯耳。
"What? Is this a puppet? "The people of Trench don't know about the puppet, but the anchor of the ship that has been a sailor out there for many years knows the name like thunder.
“对。不过不用担心，这个魔偶身上的魔法阵被破坏了，不修复就基本没用。”
"Yes. But don't worry, the magic array on this puppet has been damaged, and it is basically useless if it is not repaired. ”
船锚心中一动，看王叶的目光也变得热切：“小叶子，你懂魔法？”
The anchor's heart moved, and Wang Ye's gaze became eager: "Xiao Yezi, do you know magic?" ”
王叶漫不经心地回：“懂一点。” Wang Ye replied casually: "Understand a little." ”
船锚惊，但同时又有一种不出意料之感，这么聪明能干又懂得这么多的小叶子，似乎也只有魔法师这个身份才能配得上他。
The anchor was shocked, but at the same time, there was a sense of surprise, such a smart and capable little leaf who knew so much, it seemed that only the identity of a magician could be worthy of him.
雷木听到王叶说自己会一点魔法，倒是半点不惊讶，他已经震惊过了。他亲眼看到过小叶子凭空构建魔法阵，就用几只虾子和海水就布置成功，他当时有多震惊只有他自己知道。
Lei Mu was not surprised at all when he heard Wang Ye say that he knew a little magic, he was already shocked. He had seen Xiao Yezi build a magic array out of thin air, and he used a few shrimp and sea water to successfully arrange it, and only he knew how shocked he was at that time.
“那这个魔偶还能修复吗？”船锚忍不住问。 "Can this puppet be repaired?" The anchor couldn't help but ask.
王叶嫌弃地用手指戳戳魔偶：“制作低劣，而且是诅咒类魔偶，你确定要我修复它？”
Wang Ye poked the puppet with his finger in disgust: "The production is inferior, and it's a curse puppet, are you sure you want me to fix it?" ”
一听是诅咒类魔偶，船锚立刻狂摇头：“这个太危险了，小叶子你看要是能彻底毁掉就毁掉吧。”
As soon as he heard that it was a cursed puppet, the anchor immediately shook his head wildly: "This is too dangerous, Xiao Yezi, you can destroy it if you can completely destroy it." ”
“也不用毁掉，你可以拿到集市上去卖。有些刚开始学习魔法和魔偶制作的人，也许会对这个已经坏掉的魔偶感兴趣，加上它的材质不算太糟糕，遇到识货的，大约可以卖出十到二十个银币。”
"You don't have to destroy it, you can sell it at the market. Some people who are just starting to learn magic and puppet making may be interested in this broken puppet, and its material is not too bad, and it can be sold for about ten to twenty silver coins when encountered. ”
船锚一听能卖这么多钱，立刻就把破损的魔偶推到王叶面前：“小叶子，你拿去。我不懂，拿到集市卖，说不定会招祸。”
As soon as the anchor heard that it could be sold for so much money, he immediately pushed the broken puppet in front of Wang Ye: "Xiao Yezi, you take it." I don't understand, if you sell it at the market, you might get into trouble. ”
“行吧，那我就收下了，卖掉了分你一半。”王叶打算把魔偶拿到海草村集市卖卖看。
"Okay, then I'll take it and sell it and share half of it." Wang Ye plans to take the puppet to the seagrass village market to sell it.
那可是一年一次的大集市，很多商船都会在那儿停靠做生意，这些商船上就有不少护航的魔法学徒甚至是魔法师。
It was a large annual bazaar, and many merchant ships would dock there to do business, and there were many escort magic apprentices and even magicians on these merchant ships.
王叶猜测船锚之所以无法把破损的魔偶卖出去，九成是因为他就是个普通人，普通人的摊子压根不会引起魔法师们的注意。另外一成就是这魔偶身上没有半点魔力，自然无法让路过的魔法师察觉。
Wang Ye guessed that the reason why the anchor couldn't sell the broken puppet was ninety percent because he was an ordinary person, and the stall of ordinary people would not attract the attention of magicians at all. Another achievement is that this puppet does not have any magic power on it, so naturally it cannot be detected by passing magicians.
但他来卖就不一样了。 But it's different when he comes to sell.
船锚乐，又指了指那枚石片，问：“这又是什么？也和魔法有关吗？”
Anchor Le pointed to the stone shard again and asked, "What is this?" Does it have anything to do with magic? ”
“我也说不准。”王叶捏起石片，露出难得的迟疑之色，他刚才已经对这枚石片施展了鉴定术。
"I can't say for sure." Wang Ye pinched up the stone shard, revealing a rare look of hesitation, he had already performed the identification technique on this stone shard just now.
但百科全书只给了他一句话：【无法明确鉴定，请施术者提高鉴定术等级。】
But the encyclopedia only gave him one sentence: [Unable to identify clearly, please ask the practitioner to increase the level of identification.] 】
虽然没有鉴定出这是什么，但这句话同样也告诉王叶，这石片不普通。
Although it was not identified, this sentence also told Wang Ye that this stone chip was not ordinary.
如果只是一枚普通的石片，鉴定术不会鉴定不出。 If it was just an ordinary stone flake, it would not be impossible to identify it.
“船锚大叔，这石片您是在哪里得到的？”王叶问。 "Uncle Anchor, where did you get this stone flake?" Wang Ye asked.
船锚回忆，想了半天，摇摇头：“记不起来了。可能是哪次打鱼的时候跟着渔网一起捞上来的，也有可能是杀鱼的时候在鱼肚子里发现的，还有可能是我出外当水手那几年带回来的零碎之一。真不记得了。”
The anchor recalled, thought for a long time, and shook his head: "I can't remember." It may have been caught with a fishing net when I was fishing, or it could have been found in the belly of a fish while I was killing, or it could have been one of the bits and pieces I brought back from my years of sailing. I really don't remember. ”
王叶捏着石片，认真地问：“船锚大叔，这东西也许很珍贵，你真的打算把它送给我？”
Wang Ye pinched the stone chip and asked seriously: "Uncle Anchor, this thing may be very precious, do you really plan to give it to me?" ”
船锚毫不犹豫地道：“当然。我说了，这袋子东西，如果你想都拿去那就全都拿去。就算这石片是什么好东西，我认不出来也没用。倒是它要是真的很珍贵，说不定还会给我和家人带来祸事。”
Without hesitation, the anchor said, "Of course." I said, this bag of things, if you want to take them all, take them all. Even if this stone flake is a good thing, it is useless for me not to recognize it. But if it's really precious, it might even cause trouble for me and my family. ”
雷木对船锚流露出赞赏之色。心想这座村子只要没有遇到大的危难，有那么一位头脑清醒的村长，和面前这位做事谨慎又不失勇气的渔船长，想来以后的发展总不会太差。
Remu looked appreciative of the anchor. I thought that as long as this village did not encounter major dangers, there was such a sober village chief, and the fishing captain in front of him who was cautious and courageous, and the development in the future would not be too bad.
王叶也没再客气，收起石片，给出了一个承诺：“我现在也无法确定这东西到底是什么，如果以后确定了，能因此赚到大钱，我再来找您分账。”
Wang Ye was no longer polite, put away the stone chips, and gave a promise: "I can't be sure what this thing is now, if it is determined in the future, I can make a lot of money from it, and I will come to you to share the account." ”
船锚哈哈笑：“好，意思意思给个一成就足够。” The anchor laughed: "Okay, it means that it is enough to give an achievement." ”
不知为何，船锚发现当他说出这句话后，对这袋东西的执念忽然就消失了。等王叶把那破损魔偶和石片取走，剩下的东西，他就扔给几个孩子，给他们当玩具了。
For some reason, the anchor found that when he said this, the obsession with the bag suddenly disappeared. When Wang Ye took away the broken puppet and stone chips, he threw the rest to a few children and used them as toys.
“小叶子，雷兄弟，明天我要去海草岛一趟找鲨鱼一家，你们看可有时间同行？”船锚直白地道：“如果鲨鱼体内有那什么寄生虫，我怕我搞不定。小叶子同去，至少有个什么事，咱们能有个主心骨。”
"Little Yezi, Brother Lei, tomorrow I'm going to Seagrass Island to find the shark family, do you think you have time to go along?" The anchor said bluntly: "If the shark has that parasite in its body, I'm afraid I can't handle it." Xiao Yezi goes together, at least there is something, we can have a backbone. ”
雷木看向王叶，却见王叶也在看向他。 Lei Mu looked at Wang Ye, but saw that Wang Ye was also looking at him.
“哥，去吗？”王叶眨眼。 "Brother, are you going?" Wang Ye blinked.
雷木摸摸他的刺头毛，“那就走一趟吧。” Remu stroked his prickly hair, "Let's go then." ”
船锚高兴，笑道：“这趟也不会让你们白跑，那边的大集虽然还有两天才开，但现在那边已经有不少商人，如果鲨鱼一家的事办得顺利，你们可以就留在那边，等集市结束，再跟村里的大船一起回来。”
The anchor was happy and said with a smile: "This trip will not let you run in vain, although the big market over there will be opened for two days, but now there are many merchants over there, if the shark family's affairs go well, you can stay over there, wait for the market to end, and then come back with the big boat in the village." ”
王叶点头：“这样也好。” Wang Ye nodded: "That's fine." ”
虽然比预计的时间要早，他也还没做好全般准备，但他原本就有去海草村集市的意思，除了到那边累积财富，他想制作因果武器，也需要不少材料，虽然可以自己去猎取和寻找，但如果能在市集内直接买到材料，那当然更方便。
Although it was earlier than expected, and he was not fully prepared, he originally had the intention of going to the seagrass village market, in addition to accumulating wealth there, he wanted to make causal weapons, and he also needed a lot of materials, although he could hunt and find them by himself, but if he could buy materials directly in the market, it would be more convenient.
如此，他今晚就要去药泥洞走一趟，再提取一次药泥精华，确保他和雷木的身体恢复得没有隐患。另外，他还想用药泥制作一些成品到集市卖，就是时间缘故，可能做不了多少。
In this way, he had to go to the medicinal mud cave tonight to extract the medicinal mud essence again to ensure that he and Lei Mu's bodies recovered without hidden dangers. In addition, he also wants to use medicinal clay to make some finished products to sell in the market, but because of time, he may not be able to make much.
还有药草也来不及收集了，只能到海草村那边，看有没有现成的药草买来再加工成成品药。
There is also no time to collect medicinal herbs, so I can only go to the seagrass village to see if there are ready-made herbs to buy and process into finished medicines.
船锚接下来跟两人叮嘱明天集合的时间地点，以及必须带上什么。其他的，就等上了船再说。
The anchor then told the two of them the time and place of tomorrow's meeting, and what they had to bring. The rest, just wait for the ship.
“爹，雷大哥，小叶子，那个逃犯醒了，说要见救他的人。”船锚大女儿过来通知几人，又对小叶子笑了笑。
"Dad, Brother Lei, Xiao Yezi, that fugitive woke up and said he wanted to see the person who saved him." The anchor's eldest daughter came over to inform a few people, and smiled at Xiao Yezi again.
船桨很喜欢小叶子，哪怕小叶子看起来凶巴巴的，不太好相处。
The oars are very fond of the little leaves, even if the little leaves look fierce and not easy to get along with.
王叶就见一个皮肤黝黑的小丫头冲他露出一口白牙，他也呲出牙回敬回去。
Wang Ye saw a dark-skinned little girl showing a mouthful of white teeth at him, and he also bared his teeth in return.
雷木忍笑，轻拍王叶脑袋，起身：“走吧，去看看那逃犯要跟我们说什么。”
Lei Mu couldn't help but smile, patted Wang Ye's head, and got up: "Let's go, go and see what the fugitive has to say to us." ”
第32章 章绘其人 Chapter 32: The Chapter
章绘没想到自己还能活下来。 Zhang Hui didn't expect that he would survive.
但经历了那样痛苦的“折磨”，他就算想要认为这是一场梦也不可能。
But after such a painful "torture", it is impossible for him to think that it is a dream.
章绘下意识想要抬手抚摸胸口，可他四肢都被绑住，只能侧躺在地上。
Zhang Hua subconsciously wanted to raise his hand to touch his chest, but his limbs were tied and he could only lie on his side on the ground.
眼泪从章绘眼中流出，如果那个人愿意再等等，如果那个人的意志力再顽强一些，是不是也能等到得救的机会？
Tears flowed from Zhang Hui's eyes, if that person was willing to wait a little longer, if that person's willpower was more tenacious, would he be able to wait for the chance to be saved?
王叶几人进入柴房时，章绘还沉浸在自己的世界，全身都被悲伤的氛围包裹着。
When Wang Ye and the others entered the firewood room, Zhang Hui was still immersed in his own world, and his whole body was wrapped in a sad atmosphere.
“别哭了行吗，这么个大男人哭成这样，你不觉得丢脸吗？”王叶在章绘身边蹲下。
章绘没想到自己的哭泣会被这么多人看到，很是羞涩。
“想把绳子解开吗？”王叶问。
当然想。章绘拼命点头，并用力道：“我不会逃跑，也不会伤害你们，我发誓。”
王叶对船锚点点头。
船锚还有点不放心，但雷木拍了拍他的肩膀，说了一句：“有我。”
船锚的心突然就稳了，过去解开章绘身上的绳索。
章绘坐起身体，揉捏四肢，四肢血行不畅造成的针刺感，疼得他龇牙咧嘴。
“你想找我们说什么，说吧。”王叶找了块木头坐下。
船桨很细心，给章绘端来一碗水。
章绘感激不已，连声道谢，接过水碗，咕嘟嘟一口气全喝了。
船桨又给他倒来一碗。 The oars poured him another bowl.
船锚接过水碗，叮嘱女儿别再过来，包括家里其他人。 The anchor took the bowl and told her daughter not to come back, including the rest of the family.
章绘喝了个水饱，人也缓过劲来，他很惊讶出面和他说话的会是个孩子，但他还记得是谁给他消灭了那只藏在他身体里的虫子，猜测这男孩年龄不大，但地位可能很高。
Zhang Hui drank a full water, and the person also relieved himself, he was surprised that it would be a child who came forward to talk to him, but he still remembered who eliminated the worm hidden in his body for him, and guessed that the boy was not very old, but his status may be very high.
“我是隔壁岛的囚犯，你们都知道了吧？”章绘偷看雷木。
"I'm a prisoner on the island next door, you all know that, right?" Zhang Hui peeked at Reimu.
王叶：“嗯。” Wang Ye: "Hmm. ”
章绘见他们没有立刻要打要杀的意思，暗中松了口气，继续说道：“我想请你们帮忙去给那边的看守传个信，跟他们说虫卵当药丸的事。”
Seeing that they didn't mean to fight and kill immediately, Zhang Hui secretly breathed a sigh of relief and continued: "I want to ask you to help send a message to the guards over there and tell them about the worm eggs as pills. ”
王叶：“没想到你还有这个心，你就不怕那边抓你回去？”
Wang Ye: "I didn't expect you to have this heart, so you're not afraid of arresting you over there?" ”
“无所谓了，我现在这条命就是多出来的。”章绘抿了抿嘴唇，“那里面的犯人也不是每个都是坏蛋。而且里面很多人一出生就在岛上，他们并不是……”
"It doesn't matter, my life is extra now." Zhang Hui pursed his lips, "Not every prisoner in there is a bad guy. And a lot of people in it were born on the island, and they're not ......."
“你说那座岛上有新出生的人口，他们没有被送走，就生活在那座岛上？都是囚犯的孩子？”王叶诧异，打断其道。
"You say there are newborn people on that island, and they don't have to be sent away, they live on that island? All the children of prisoners? Wang Ye was surprised and interrupted.
章绘点头：“岛上为了让囚犯们能老实，半年会允许男女囚犯见一次面。如果彼此看上，就那什么，自然就会有些女囚犯怀孕生子。初期，孩子都由孩子的母亲带着，到了十岁左右，无论男孩还是女孩都必须离开女囚牢，他们住的地方和囚犯住的区域分开，但他们依然生活在岛上，平时也能接触到那些囚犯。”
Zhang Hui nodded: "In order to make the prisoners honest on the island, male and female prisoners will be allowed to meet once in half a year. If they look at each other, just like that, naturally some female prisoners will get pregnant and give birth. In the beginning, the children were carried by the child's mother, and by the age of 10, both boys and girls had to leave the women's prison, where they lived separately from the prisoners' quarters, but they still lived on the island and had regular access to the prisoners. ”
王叶脸上不显，心里则疑惑不已。 Wang Ye's face was not obvious, but he was puzzled in his heart.
囚犯岛的副本分三个难度，普通、困难和地狱级。 The dungeon of Prisoner Island is divided into three difficulties, Normal, Hard, and Hell.
普通副本大致说的是囚犯岛囚犯逃出岛屿的场景。进入该副本的玩家，唯一任务就是把外逃的囚犯抓回或杀死，解决暴乱。
The normal copy is roughly about the scene where the prisoners of Prisoner Island escape from the island. The only task for players who enter this quest is to capture or kill the escaped prisoners and resolve the riot.
困难副本则要求玩家查出囚犯们暴乱和能逃出监牢的原因，找不到就不能离开该副本，会被永远困在该副本中。
Difficult dungeons require players to find out why the prisoners rioted and escaped from the dungeon, and if they can't find it, they can't leave the dungeon and will be trapped in the dungeon forever.
地狱副本他还没来得及玩，那是要达到九十九级后才能开启的副本。可他升到九十九级没多久，他人就出事了。
He hadn't had time to play the Hell Dungeon yet, it was a dungeon that could only be opened after reaching level ninety-nine. But not long after he rose to level ninety-nine, something happened to others.
而不管是普通副本还是困难副本，他一次都没有看到副本里有小孩出现，十八岁以下的都没有，倒是寄生虫导致的变异体遇到不少，还有大量的几乎杀不完的虫子。
And whether it was an ordinary copy or a difficult copy, he didn't see any children in the copy once, none under the age of eighteen, but there were a lot of mutants caused by parasites, and a large number of almost unkillable bugs.
是副本故意把这些孩子都屏蔽了，还是在囚犯岛暴乱之前，这些孩子就已经离开，或者……
Did the copy deliberately shield the children, or did the children leave before the riots on Prisoner Island, or......
章绘一咬牙：“我就是出生在囚犯岛上的孩子之一。” Zhang Huiyi gritted his teeth: "I am one of the children born on Prisoner Island. ”
“那你怎么也被打上囚犯的印记？”船锚忍不住插话。 "Then how did you get labeled as a prisoner?" The anchor couldn't help but chime in.
章绘低头：“因为我犯错了。我饿，溜到看守们的厨房偷东西吃，被抓到，后来就被送到男囚区。”
Zhang Hua bowed his head: "Because I made a mistake." I was hungry, so I slipped into the guards' kitchen to steal food, was caught, and later sent to the men's cell. ”
“那时你多大？” "How old were you then?"
“十二吧。” "Twelve."
船锚用力跺了下脚。 The anchor stomped his foot hard.
雷木脸色沉沉。 Lei Mu's face was gloomy.
王叶代表大家问：“你还那么小，就被送入成人的男囚区？”
Wang Ye asked on behalf of everyone: "You are still so young, and you were sent to the adult men's prison area?" ”
章绘：“嗯。看守们认为十岁以上就是大人，我们犯错，也会和大人一样惩罚。”
Zhang: "Hmm. The guards think that if we are over ten years old, we will be punished like adults. ”
“胡来！这么小的孩子怎么在一群成年犯罪者手中讨生活？这不是逼着他们去死或逼着他们学坏吗？”船锚怒。
"Huh! How can such a young child beg for a living at the hands of a group of adult criminals? Isn't this forcing them to die or forcing them to learn badly? "The anchor is angry.
章绘倒也没有一味说看守们的坏话，他还帮他们辩解道：“只要不犯错的孩子，能好好干活，每年给看守们上税，就能生活得跟普通人一样，还能正常嫁娶，那边已经有一个很大的囚犯后代村落。在女囚那边待到十岁的孩子，出来也都有村里人照顾。有些不想养孩子的，也可以把孩子丢给村里人。”
Zhang Hui didn't blindly speak ill of the guards, he also helped them defend: "As long as the children who don't make mistakes can work hard and pay taxes to the guards every year, they can live like ordinary people, and they can marry normally, and there is already a large village of prisoner descendants over there." The children who stay with the female prisoners until they are 10 years old are also taken care of by the villagers when they come out. Some people who don't want to raise children can also leave their children to the villagers. ”
“看守不会欺负这些村人？”船锚问。 "The guards won't bully these villagers?" The anchor asked.
章绘摇头：“不会，只要大家按时交税，不做坏事，那些看守都不会做多余的事情。”
Zhang Hui shook his head: "No, as long as everyone pays taxes on time and doesn't do bad things, those guards won't do anything superfluous." ”
王叶突然问：“既然有村人照顾，你怎么还会饿得去看守们的厨房偷食物？”
Wang Ye suddenly asked, "Since you have the villagers to take care of you, how can you be so hungry that you go to the guards' kitchen to steal food?" ”
章绘抓了抓脸，很不好意思地说：“看守们会雇佣村里人干活，我当时就负责给他们的厨房和食堂打扫卫生，但我特别容易饿，总是吃不饱，就……”
Zhang Hui scratched his face and said embarrassedly: "The guards will hire people from the village to work, and I was responsible for cleaning their kitchen and canteen, but I was very hungry and always couldn't eat, so I ......."
“那也不至于就送到男囚区，不过就偷点食物。”船锚不住摇头。
"Then you won't just send it to the men's prison cell, but just steal some food." The anchor couldn't help but shake his head.
章绘低下头，用很羞涩的声音低声说道：“我还捅死了一个人，那个人经常欺负我们这些来做事的孩子，那天我偷食物被他发现，他威胁我，我不想受他威胁，想要逃跑，他拦住我，不让我走，我就抓起旁边的刀捅了他一下，他倒下后，我又捅了好几刀，直到他不能动了。”
Zhang Hui lowered his head and whispered in a very shy voice: "I also stabbed a person to death, that person often bullied us children who came to do things, that day I was found out by him stealing food, he threatened me, I didn't want to be threatened by him, I wanted to run away, he stopped me, didn't let me go, I grabbed the knife next to me and stabbed him, after he fell, I stabbed him several times until he couldn't move." ”
王叶三人：“……” Wang Ye Sanren: "......"
这种小鹿一样怯生生羞答答的口吻，却那么平淡地说出那么凶残的事情，该说不愧是囚犯岛长大的孩子吗？
This kind of fawn-like timid and shy tone, but so plain to say such a murderous thing, should it be said that it is worthy of a child who grew up on Prisoner Island?
奇异的是，在场三人竟然没有一个怀疑章绘在说谎。 The strange thing is that none of the three people present suspected that Zhang Hui was lying.
章绘也确实没有说谎，到目前为止，他说的都是实话。 Zhang Hui is indeed not lying, so far, he is telling the truth.
“我可以代表村子答应你，正好明天我们要去海草岛，等从海草岛回来，我们就去隔壁囚犯岛一趟，跟他们说寄生虫虫卵的事。”船锚不承认他对这名逃犯产生了一点同情心，只认为自己应该做这件事。
"On behalf of the village, I can promise you that tomorrow we will go to Seagrass Island, and when we come back from Seagrass Island, we will go to the prisoner island next door and tell them about the parasite eggs." Anchor doesn't admit that he has developed a little sympathy for the fugitive, and only thinks that he should do it.
章绘微微抬起头，细声道谢。 Zhang Hui raised his head slightly and thanked him softly.
船锚见他这模样，特别别扭。 The anchor was particularly awkward to see him like this.
王叶再次开口：“除此之外，你还有什么想要告诉我们的吗？”
Wang Ye spoke again: "Besides, is there anything else you want to tell us?" ”
章绘迟疑了一下，看看三人，最后把目光落在王叶脸上：“接下来的事，我只想跟你一个人说。”
Zhang Hui hesitated for a moment, looked at the three of them, and finally looked at Wang Ye's face: "I just want to tell you about the next thing." ”
雷木皱眉。 Remu frowned.
王叶当即就道：“我还小，我哥不会放心我单独和你在一起，你要和我说可以，但我哥也必须留下。”
Wang Ye immediately said: "I'm still young, my brother won't rest assured that I will be alone with you, you have to tell me that it's okay, but my brother must also stay." ”
雷木手掌按住王叶的肩膀。 Lei Mu pressed his palm on Wang Ye's shoulder.
章绘见雷木就是王叶的大哥，沉默了一会儿。 Zhang Hui saw that Lei Mu was Wang Ye's eldest brother, and was silent for a while.
“你要不说，我们就走了。明天我们还得赶早，得回去洗洗睡了~”王叶作势起身。
"If you don't say it, we'll go. Tomorrow we have to rush early, we have to go back to wash and sleep~" Wang Ye got up.
章绘终于下定决心：“可以，但只能是你们兄弟俩，其他人都不能在场。”
Zhang Hui finally made up his mind: "Yes, but it can only be you two brothers, and no one else can be present." ”
船锚很自觉地道：“行，我走，你们聊，聊完了叫我一声，我再回来把他绑起来。”
The anchor said very consciously: "Okay, I'll go, you talk, call me when you're done, and I'll come back and tie him up." ”
章绘：……这是报复。 Chapter Painting: ...... This is revenge.
等船锚离开，章绘就道：“我知道你们不是当地人，你们也是外边来的。”
When the anchor left, Zhang Hui said, "I know you are not locals, and you are also from outside. ”
王叶：“嗯，我也知道你来偷窥过我们，你和你的同伴曾经住在崖壁石洞内。”
Wang Ye: "Well, I also know that you came to spy on us, and you and your companions once lived in a cave on the cliff. ”
章绘承认：“我也听到你和那些村人说药泥的事，之前那虫子在我身体中时，就是它带我们找到了那个全是烂泥的洞。我和我同伴都不想待在那里，但我体内那只虫子影响了我，让我把我同伴也劝住了。那药泥真的很神奇……”
Zhang Hui admitted: "I also heard you talk to those villagers about the medicinal mud, and when the worm was in my body before, it led us to the hole full of mud. Neither my companion nor I wanted to be there, but the bug inside me affected me and kept my companion at bay. That mash is really amazing......"
章绘眼中出现奇异的神色：“我和他都听过那条海沟的事，我们以为我们肯定无法游过那条海沟，但我们过来了，海沟里面的怪物们竟然没有攻击我们，只可惜我们的木筏被海沟里的海流给卷下去了，当时我的腿也因此断掉，要不是他，我可能无法活着来到这座岛。而要不是那些药泥，我和他也无法顺利活下来。”
A strange look appeared in Zhang Hui's eyes: "He and I have heard about that trench, we thought we would definitely not be able to swim through that trench, but we came, and the monsters in the trench did not attack us, but unfortunately our raft was swept down by the current in the trench, and my leg was broken at that time, if it weren't for him, I might not have come to this island alive." And if it weren't for those medicinal muds, he and I wouldn't have survived. ”
章绘又低下头：“我以为他是为了我才救我，现在我才知道，它是为了救它的同类。”
Zhang Hui lowered his head again: "I thought he saved me for me, but now I know that it was to save its kind." ”
王叶耐心地听着章绘嘀咕了很多他和另一个他的事情。 Wang Ye listened patiently to Zhang Hui muttering a lot about him and another him.
越听，王叶越觉得不对劲，怎么感觉这两人给给的？ The more he listened, the more Wang Ye felt that something was wrong, how did he feel that these two people gave it?
“我们不是来听你的恋爱史的，兄嘚，你想说的重点到底是什么？”王叶不耐烦了，打断道。
"We're not here to hear your love history, brother, what exactly do you want to talk about?" Wang Ye was impatient and interrupted.
章绘脸色有一瞬间的苍白，但也许是死过一次，他又淡定了，就算让人知道他喜欢的是同性又怎样呢。
“你救了我，我想报答你。我曾经照顾过一个老囚犯，他是一名海盗，他临死前告诉我，他有一笔财宝就藏在海草岛，当年他就是在海草岛上被抓获。被抓前，他把自己多年累积的财产都藏了起来。”
王叶：“……你是看我小，好欺骗是吧？”
章绘忙道：“没有，我发誓我说的都是实话。”
王叶嗤笑：“狗屁的实话，你说财宝藏在海草岛，是不是要我们把你带去那边，你才会把详细地点告诉我们？”
章绘沉默，过了一会儿点头：“是。”
“然后你好借机逃跑？”
“不，我不觉得我能从这位手上逃脱。”章绘偷看雷木，又迅速低头。
“那你是不是想要我们到了那边就放了你？”
章绘再次点头：“是，我带你们找到那名老海盗的藏宝，但你们要答应放了我，并不会让任何人抓捕我。”
王叶抱臂：“所以你根本不是想要报答我，只是想要用他人的钱财来换你自由。”
章绘一咬牙：“没错。”
王叶立刻对雷木委屈地道：“我吃亏了。”
雷木：“没事，他只说不让任何人抓捕他，没说不让人杀他，等你放了他，我就去杀了他。”
章绘的脸色一下变得苍白。
王叶嘎嘎嘎地笑起来，还一脸得意地冲章绘扬了扬眉毛，那小模样真的特别可恶。
忽地，王叶笑声一收，凶巴巴地说：“这财宝还不知道是真的假的，也许那老海盗也是在骗他。那到时候我就不只是吃亏了，我是吃了大亏！”
雷木接口：“那就不止杀了他，再把他扒皮抽筋下油锅。”
王叶吓了一跳，扭头看他的木木：亲哥，你这也太配合了。还是你本性就这么凶残？
雷木抓住他的脑袋，把他掰回正面。
章绘忽然就放松了下来，脸上还露出了微带羞涩的笑容：“那老海盗不会骗我，我也没有骗你们。如果你们觉得吃亏，我可以做你们的奴仆，终生的也可以。”
王叶顶不住了，这个瘸腿男给他的感觉就像是电影中的心理变态，看着弱，但谁要是真当他是弱者那就是个超级大傻叉。他可不想放这么一个危险分子在身边。
“走了走了，回去睡觉~”王叶拉着雷木就跑。
章绘竟也没叫他们，船锚进来把他重新绑起来时，他脸上还带着迷之羞涩微笑。
第33章 彩色珍珠
次日一大早，天蒙蒙亮，海沟岛码头。
这是海沟岛水流比较平稳的一处海滩，海沟村人在这里建造了一排直深入海里的木排，村里唯二两艘中型船就停泊在这里。
两艘船看起来都已经有些年头，一艘能乘坐近四十人，一艘大约只能塞下二十人左右。
此时，已经有不少人等在码头上。
出海一次不易，原本村里是想等海草村那边市集开始后，再两艘船一起过去，现在为了不浪费，村里临时决定让船锚先带一部分村人和货物到海草村。
还好过两天就是集市，村里对要带什么东西过去卖，已经大多准备好，只是昨晚辛苦不少村人忙活了大半夜，把小船装满。
村里今年的货物还多了不少袋石灰，不过石灰会跟着大船走，船锚这次带的货物跟往年一样，都是晒干的海货和岛上的山货。
除了十个年轻人，船锚还黑着脸带上了绑着双手的章绘。这是昨晚王叶和雷木临走前吩咐他带上的，船锚虽然觉得带上这个人不太好，但王叶坚持，雷木同意，他也只好同意了。
除了这些人，海崖也来了，背上还背着仍旧在呼呼大睡的海蛋。
这也是王叶的请求。因为他打算到了海草岛后就在那边待一段时间，可他又答应会指点海家兄弟学习，干脆就去海家问他们要不要一起去海草村。
海崖海蛋两个当然愿意，海蛋兴奋了一夜，早上就爬不起来了。
除了这些人，还有一个意外的人也来了，是船锚的大女儿船桨。
船桨会过来，是因为村长的大孙子海耀祖犯了错……这事等会儿再说。
“小叶子，我们村仔细想过，你和你哥对我们村的恩情太重，我们实在不知道该怎么报答。我们村也没什么好东西，这是往年从海里捞上来的，就送给你们了。”村长说着就拿出一个布袋，很郑重地放到王叶手中。
王叶打开布袋一看，大吃一惊。
这竟然是三颗彩色珍珠，一粉，一黑，一金。且都有拇指肚大，外表圆溜，表面没有明显瑕疵，光泽度很高，一看就是极品珍珠。
王叶心动片刻，还是把袋子还给了村长，摇头道：“东西太贵重，我不能收。”
雷木在旁边也看到了，他很赞成小叶子的举动。不贪心的小叶子，很好。
雷木可不知道王叶正在心里流泪：三颗这么大的彩色珍珠，好多钱，拿回地球他就可以买一套大房子养他姑，还不用他姑工作了。
但有些东西可以拿，有些东西拿得却会烫手。
村长看王叶不收，急了，跟王叶说：“我们知道这种珍珠在外面大陆上能卖到很高的价钱，但我们拿去海草村卖，就卖不上价了。那些外来的商人坏得很，他们把价格压得很低，这么三颗彩色珍珠，他们连艘二十人乘的小船都不肯换给我们。”
村长拿起那颗拇指肚大的黑珍珠，“就这么一颗黑珍珠，你知道他们给我们什么价吗？十个银币。”
王叶：“……好黑。”
村长苦笑，“是黑，但我们想要外面的钱、外面的东西、外面的药，就得同意这个价格。后来船锚从外面回来，告诉我们这种彩色珍珠的真实价格，就让我们别卖了。别人问，就说我们以前卖的都是以往存下来的，卖完就没有了。”
村长把那三颗在外面绝对会引起无数人眼红的彩色珍珠再次塞给王叶：“收下吧。反正我们也卖不上什么价钱，还不如送给你们，以后你们离开了，拿到外面卖掉，也能让这些珍珠值上它们应得的价值。”
王叶摸摸鼻子，望天。
他并不是觉得受之有愧，只是他对海沟村人好，最大目的还是为了赚经验值，可以说就算海沟村人不给他任何回报，也不欠他什么。
可现在村长竟然代表整个村子送了这么贵重的大颗彩色珍珠给他，搞得他就无法甩甩手就走人了。
But now the village chief actually sent him such a valuable large colored pearl on behalf of the whole village, so that he couldn't shake off his hand and left.
为此，当村长提溜着三个十岁出头的少年，和海崖海蛋两兄弟，以及船锚的大女儿船桨站在一起，除了还在打小呼噜的海蛋，五个少年男女同时对他呲出一口白牙，冲他笑得特别欢乐和讨好时。
For this reason, when the chief of the village carried three young men in their early teens, and stood with the two brothers of the sea cliff and sea eggs, and the anchor's eldest daughter, the oars, in addition to the sea eggs that were still snoring, the five young men and women bared out a mouthful of white teeth at him at the same time, and smiled at him with great joy and flattery.
王叶就……默默认了。算了，一只羊是赶，一群羊也是赶。
Wang Ye ...... Acquiesced. Forget it, a sheep is a drive, and a flock of sheep is also a drive.
雷木无声地顺了顺他小爸爸的头毛。村长那小老头显然已经摸清了小叶子的脉络，看出他是个吃软不吃硬的人。
Remu silently smoothed his little daddy's hair. The little old man of the village chief had obviously figured out the veins of Xiao Yezi and saw that he was a person who ate soft rather than hard.
不过送出三颗他们卖不上价钱的彩珠，就让小叶子又多给他们村培养了几个未来人才，这买卖再划算不过。果然人老成精。
However, giving away three colored beads that they can't sell for a price will allow Xiao Yezi to train a few more future talents for their village, which is a good deal. Sure enough, people are old and fine.
这条船只能塞下二十人，村长就塞了整整二十人进来，半点没有浪费。
The boat could only fit twenty people, and the village chief stuffed a full twenty people in, and there was no waste at all.
船小，没有单独的客舱，能塞东西的地方几乎都塞满了货物，不操船的人就都集中在船头最中间的甲板上。
The ship was small, there were no separate cabins, and almost all the places that could be stuffed were stuffed with cargo, and those who didn't operate the boat were concentrated on the middle deck of the bow.
海崖、船桨等六个少年都是第一次登上大船远行，全都很兴奋，但他们都知道船上的规矩，并不敢在船上乱跑，往哪里站，都会先问问附近的操船手。
这种不大的木船，如果平衡不当，很容易翻船，所以船上都不让人集中靠近某处船沿。
This kind of small wooden boat, if not properly balanced, can easily capsize, so there are no people on the boat who are concentrated near a certain edge.
王叶没问船桨上船的事——在他的观念中，女孩子上船就是很普通的事。
Wang Ye didn't ask about the oars getting on the boat - in his concept, it was a very common thing for girls to get on the boat.
但船锚主动过来解释了：“本来这次海耀祖应该一起跟着过来，但他昨晚和多美两个跑到我家，想要从那个逃犯口中问出能让人青春永驻的东西在哪里，还想偷偷带他走。被我当场抓住。”
But the anchor took the initiative to come over and explain: "Originally, Hai Yaozu should have come with him this time, but he and Tomei ran to my house last night, wanting to ask from the fugitive where the things that can make people stay young forever are, and they want to take him away secretly." I caught red-handed. ”
王叶：“……海耀祖看着不傻啊。” Wang Ye: "...... Hai Yaozu doesn't look stupid. ”
船锚生气道：“是不傻，就是精虫上脑！作为惩罚，村子取消了他这次前往海草村大集的机会，他爷亲自打了他十棍子，还把他关起来了，同时罚他要给村子白打一年的鱼。多美那丫头，村里看在她奶奶的面子上没处置。”
The anchor said angrily: "It's not stupid, it's the brains of the sperm worm!" As punishment, the village canceled his opportunity to go to the seagrass village to gather this time, and his father personally beat him with ten sticks, locked him up, and punished him for giving the village a year's worth of fish. What a beautiful girl, the village didn't deal with it in the face of her grandmother. ”
旋即，船锚就冷笑起来：“不过这会儿，村长应该已经召集全村人，说了海耀祖和多美干的蠢事，以及对他们各自的处罚。”
Immediately, the anchor sneered: "But at this moment, the village chief should have gathered the whole village and told the stupid things that Hai Yaozu and Duomei did, as well as their respective punishments. ”
王叶和雷木都在心中给村长喝彩：这招够毒。村长的大孙子都被打了，还被罚得那么狠，可另一个主谋，黑猪奶奶的孙女儿却啥事没有，这要村里人怎么想？
Wang Ye and Lei Mu both applauded the village chief in their hearts: This trick is poisonous enough. The eldest grandson of the village chief was beaten and punished so harshly, but the other mastermind, the granddaughter of Grandma Black Pig, didn't have anything to do, what did the people in the village think?
黑猪奶奶如果会做人，肯定要当着村人的面狠狠惩处多美。如果舍不得，那以后她和她们家在村里恐怕就再也得不到村人的尊敬，也绝不好再随便拿乔。
If Grandma Black Pig knows how to behave, she will definitely punish Duomei in front of the villagers. If she is reluctant, then she and their family will probably no longer be respected by the villagers in the village, and it will never be easy to take Qiao casually.
最后船锚才说他女儿上船的事。 Finally the anchor said about his daughter's arrival on the ship.
船锚非常骄傲地说：“跟你学习的名额不是随便定下来的，村里进行了考核，我大女儿船桨靠自己打败了村里所有小子和丫头。原本村里都不让女孩子上大船，但我跟村人说人家外面的大商船都有女乘客，还有女船长，凭什么我们村的女人就不能上大船？小子能做的，我女儿也能做，只要她愿意！正好耀祖他犯错不能上船，这个机会当然要给我女儿，否则我这个当爹的可不服。”
The anchor said very proudly: "The quota for learning with you is not set randomly, the village has conducted an assessment, and my eldest daughter Oars has defeated all the boys and girls in the village by herself." Originally, girls were not allowed to board the big ships in the village, but I told the villagers that the big merchant ships outside the house had female passengers and female captains, so why couldn't the women in our village get on the big ships? What the kid can do, my daughter can do too, as long as she wants to! It just so happened that Yaozu couldn't get on the boat when he made a mistake, of course this opportunity had to be given to my daughter, otherwise I, the father, would not be convinced. ”
王叶对船锚竖起大拇指，这手势在这世界还没有通用，但能看出是什么意思。
Wang Ye gave a thumbs up to the anchor, this gesture is not yet common in this world, but he can see what it means.
船锚看向长女，眼中满是作为父亲的自得之光。
他女儿有能力，想要多学习，他作为父亲怎么能不成全？
His daughter has the ability and wants to learn more, how can he, as a father, not be perfect?
之后，船锚一边把舵，一边跟两人说明海草村那边需要注意的一些人和事。
After that, while anchoring the rudder, he explained to the two of them some people and things that need to be paid attention to in Seagrass Village.
船行半途，原本兴奋的少年们也都累了，各自找地方休息。虽然他们出来的任务就是跟着小叶子学习，但见小叶子没主动提，他们也不急这一天半日的。
Halfway through the boat, the teenagers who were originally excited were also tired and found a place to rest. Although their mission was to learn from Xiao Yezi, seeing that Xiao Yezi didn't take the initiative to mention it, they were not in a hurry for half a day.
雷木和王叶则仗着贵客的身份，坐在船头吹海风。 Lei Mu and Wang Ye relied on the identity of distinguished guests, sitting on the bow of the boat and blowing the sea breeze.
“木木，马上就要到海草岛了，听说那里的村落建造得特别美，我很早以前就想亲眼看看，没想到真的能有这个机会。”王叶感叹。
"Mumu, I'm about to go to Seagrass Island, I heard that the village there is very beautifully built, I wanted to see it with my own eyes a long time ago, but I didn't expect to have this opportunity." Wang Ye sighed.
“你还小，将来会看到更多美丽的地方。” "You're still young, you'll see more beautiful places in the future."
“嗯，我还想去你的家乡看看。” "Well, I still want to visit your hometown."
“我的家乡啊……”雷木一顿，忽然道：“你赚到了。”
"My hometown......" Lei Mu paused, and suddenly said, "You earned it." ”
王叶见雷木强行转换话题，以为他不想提起自己的家乡，就顺着他的意，摸出布袋嘿嘿笑：“是啊，吓我一跳，没想到这么偏僻的旮旯地，竟然还有这样的好东西。”
Wang Ye saw Lei Mu forcibly change the topic, thinking that he didn't want to mention his hometown, so he followed his wishes, took out the cloth bag and smiled: "Yes, it scared me, I didn't expect that there would be such a good thing in such a remote place." ”
雷木摇头，从他手里拿过布袋，打开，从里面挑出那枚黑色的珍珠，道：“这不是珍珠，这是魔晶。”
Lei Mu shook his head, took the cloth bag from his hand, opened it, picked out the black pearl from it, and said, "This is not a pearl, this is a magic crystal." ”
王叶目瞪口呆：“哎？” Wang Ye was dumbfounded: "Huh? ”
魔晶哎，他以为只有副本才会出现的东西，竟然现在就出现在了新手村？
Demon Crystal, what he thought would only appear in dungeons, actually appeared in the Newbie Village now?
雷木弹了弹他的额头：“怎么，没见过魔晶？” Lei Mu flicked his forehead: "What, haven't you seen the magic crystal?" ”
“见过。”王叶傻呆呆地问：“这真是魔晶？我怎么没有感觉到它的能量？”
"Yes." Wang Ye asked stupidly, "Is this really a magic crystal?" How come I didn't feel its energy? ”
“因为它表面被某种贝类的分泌物给包裹住了。珍珠你知道是怎么得来的吧？”
"Because its surface is covered in some kind of shellfish secretion. You know how you got the pearls, right? ”
王叶点头，随即醒悟道：“你是说有某个贝类把魔晶当做外来的砂砾，最后分泌物层层包裹，就把魔晶变成了珍珠魔晶？哇，这得多大一个贝？”
Wang Ye nodded, and then came to his senses: "Are you saying that there is a certain shellfish that treats the magic crystal as foreign gravel, and finally wraps the secretion layer by layer, turning the magic crystal into a pearl magic crystal?" Wow, how big is this? ”
雷木又捏起黑珍珠细看：“比起魔晶，其实外面这层能隔绝能量外泄的贝类分泌物更宝贵，如果能知道是什么贝类就好了，可惜。”
Lei Mu pinched the black pearl again and looked at it carefully: "Compared to the magic crystal, in fact, the shellfish secretion on the outside that can isolate the leakage of energy is more precious, it would be nice if I could know what kind of shellfish it is, it's a pity." ”
如果不是他眼力特殊，在村长打开袋子时，特意扫了扫，也不会发现这黑珍珠竟然是一枚罕见至极的珍珠魔晶。
If it weren't for his special eyesight, when the village chief opened the bag, he deliberately swept it, and he wouldn't have found that this black pearl turned out to be an extremely rare pearl magic crystal.
不说魔晶和黑色珍珠本身的价值，两者结合，千年不遇，只这份独一无二，就能在一些除了花钱就没事干的贵族和富豪间卖出天价。
Not to mention the value of the magic crystal and the black pearl itself, the combination of the two is not encountered for thousands of years, and this uniqueness alone can be sold at a sky-high price among some nobles and rich people who have nothing to do but spend money.
王叶喜滋滋地收起另外两枚彩珠，“木木，你现在比我需要能量，这枚珍珠魔晶就送你了。”
Wang Ye happily put away the other two colored beads, "Mu Mu, you need more energy than me now, and this pearl magic crystal will be given to you." ”
雷木讶然，“你要送我？你知道这么一颗特殊的黑珍珠能卖出多少价钱吗？”
Lei Mu was surprised, "You want to send me?" Do you know how much such a special black pearl can sell for? ”
王叶特豪气地挥挥手：“我的就是你的，再值钱也不如你有用的好。”
Wang Yete waved his hand proudly: "What is mine is yours, no matter how valuable it is, it is not as good as your usefulness." ”
雷木失笑，心里暖暖的，但他还是说道：“小傻瓜，把这枚特殊的黑珍珠卖掉，换来的钱可以买至少十枚同等级的魔晶。”
Lei Mu smiled, his heart warmed, but he still said: "Little fool, sell this special black pearl, and the money you get in exchange can buy at least ten magic crystals of the same level." ”
王叶：“……哥，你知道我还小，思虑不周。” Wang Ye: "...... Brother, you know I'm still young and not thoughtful. ”
雷木大笑，竟然就着坐姿，一把举起小小的王叶。他太喜欢这小东西了，干脆以后就随身带着吧。养娃似乎也挺有意思？
Lei Mu laughed, and actually sat in a sitting position and lifted the little Wang Ye. He likes this little thing so much, so he just takes it with him in the future. Raising a baby also seems quite interesting?
王叶懵逼过后，叹了口气，脸上都是看破尘世的淡然：……真没想到自己还有被木头举高高的一天。
After Wang Ye was stunned, he sighed, and his face was indifferent to see through the world: ...... I really didn't expect that I would be lifted high by wood one day.
第34章 初至海草村 Chapter 34: First Arrival at Seagrass Village
从远处看向海草村，就见碧蓝和青翠中隐藏着一片温暖的金黄色。
Looking at Seagrass Village from a distance, you can see a warm golden yellow hidden in the blue and verdant.
毛茸茸的金黄色海草厚厚地铺设在屋顶上，在灿烂的阳光照射下就好像屋顶铺满了黄金。
The fluffy golden seaweed is thickly laid on the roof, and in the bright sunlight it seems as if the roof is covered with gold.
切割得不太平整却充满奇趣的红色海石石砖，构建出一栋栋结实的房屋和院墙。
The unevenly cut but interesting red sea stone bricks form a sturdy house and courtyard wall.
同色同料的石板路从村中一直延伸到海边沙滩。 Stone-paved roads of the same color and material stretch from the village to the beach by the sea.
红屋金顶，再有那铺满了金沙的弯月海滩，清澈得可以看到海底的碧清海水，在天空盘旋的白色海鸟，高阔辽远的澄净天空……
The golden roof of the Red House, and then there is the crescent moon beach covered with golden sand, so clear that you can see the turquoise water at the bottom of the sea, the white seabirds hovering in the sky, and the clear sky high and wide......
美景天成。 The scenery is natural.
王叶站在船头感叹，怪不得上辈子那么多玩家在网上哀嚎，说海草村消失了有多么可惜，还有人说是“天妒红颜”。
Wang Ye stood on the bow of the boat and sighed, no wonder so many players in his previous life wailed on the Internet, saying how pity it was that Seagrass Village had disappeared, and some people said that it was "jealous and red-faced".
只有真正看到这座岛、这个村子，才知道她到底有多美。
Only when you really see this island and this village can you know how beautiful she really is.
王叶见过这个村子被摧毁后的模样，有了对比也就越发明白那些玩家为什么那么惋惜。
Wang Ye had seen what this village looked like after it was destroyed, and with the comparison, he understood more and more why those players were so sorry.
海草村说是村，其实和镇子规模差不多，这里常住人口约有五六千，这还是他们不怎么愿意接受外来者定居的缘故，否则这里的人口早就暴涨到数万。
Haicao Village is said to be a village, but it is actually about the same size as the town, and the permanent population here is about five or six thousand, which is because they are not very willing to accept outsiders to settle down, otherwise the population here would have skyrocketed to tens of thousands.
适逢一年一度的大集即将开始，海草岛的大码头已经停了不少中型和大型船只。
As the annual fair is about to begin, the Grand Pier on Seagrass Island has already parked many medium-sized and large boats.
码头上非常热闹，人来人往到处都是喊话声。 The dock was very lively, with people coming and going and shouting everywhere.
海草村对集市管理的很严，开集时间还没到，就不让外人进入村子范围卖货。这些提前到达的商人和旅人，就在码头的空地上自发搞了一个临时集市，就是海草村人也会过来这里淘货。
Seagrass Village has a very strict management of the market, and before the opening time of the market, outsiders are not allowed to enter the village to sell goods. These merchants and travelers, who arrived early, spontaneously set up a makeshift market in the open space of the wharf, and even the people of Seagrass Village would come here to look for goods.
但海草村人不保证临时集市的安全，也不会对其进行管理，如果有人在这个临时集市被人蒙骗或抢劫偷窃，只能自认倒霉。
However, the people of Seagrass Village do not guarantee the safety of the temporary market, nor do they manage it, and if someone is deceived or robbed or stolen from this temporary market, they can only consider themselves unlucky.
但到了海草村的规定集市，那就不同了。 But when it comes to the prescribed bazaar in Seagrass Village, it's different.
首先就不允许蒙骗，你可以低价买卖，但不能以次充好，更不能用假货骗人。集市也不允许偷盗和抢劫，被抓到就会被海草村人处置，谁来说情都没用。
First of all, it is not allowed to be deceived, you can buy and sell at a low price, but you can't use shoddy goods, let alone deceive people with fakes. Theft and robbery are also not allowed in the bazaar, and if you are caught, you will be disposed of by the people of Seagrass Village, and it is useless for anyone to intercede.
而且在集市内做的交易，能得到海草村保护，直到买卖双方离开海草岛。
In addition, transactions made in the market can be protected by Seagrass Village until the buyer and seller leave Seagrass Island.
就因为海草村集市愿意承担起责任，虽然有些商人和旅人提前来到，但他们很少会现在就在临时集市大肆购买，一般都会等到正式开集那天。
Because of the willingness of the Seagrass Village Market to take responsibility, although some merchants and travelers arrive early, they rarely buy in the makeshift market now, and usually wait until the official opening day.
海沟岛的小船出现在码头，没引来任何注意。 The boat on Trench Island appeared at the pier and did not attract any attention.
这段时间，附近不少岛屿都会派人过来赶集，外地人一看这种不大的小船，再看船上人的装束，就知道是生活在附近海域中的土著。
During this time, many nearby islands will send people to catch the market, and outsiders will know that they are indigenous people living in the nearby waters when they see this small boat and the outfits of the people on board.
海草岛对自己的周边邻居们还算比较照顾，给他们准备了专门的停泊码头，和那些外来的中大型船只彻底分开，这样也可以避免某些不必要的冲突。
“小叶子，下船了。”船锚招呼还站在船头看风景的王叶。
跟来的十个年轻村人负责把船上带来的货从船上搬下来，码头有海草村准备好的独轮车，可以借给邻居们免费使用。
船锚不是第一次来，管理小码头的管事一看到他就笑起来：“这次你们村来的挺早。哎？这次怎么就来了一艘船？还带了这么多孩子？”
船锚打哈哈：“小崽子们闹腾，带他们出来见见世面。村里还有些货物没准备好，我们就先出来了，等后天，村里还有一艘船过来。”
管事的目光落到雷木身上，虽然雷木的打扮如今和海沟村人没什么二样，但他脸上的文字刺青还是太显眼，站在人群里，一眼就能被人看到。
“这位是？”
“哦，他是大木，漂到咱们那儿，被咱们村收留了，人很不错，勤快能干，就是闷了点。”
船锚介绍的极为简单，但他神情自然，管事也没多想。像这种捡人和被捡，从此就留在当地岛屿的事，在海上经常发生，大家都见怪不怪。
虽然这其中也有些祸头子，不过大多数被捡的人都会老实生活。
章绘手上的绳索被解开了，他和村里其他年轻人一样，正忙着从船上运货下来。
村人原本还担心他会跑掉，看他老老实实干活，还特别勤快的样儿，就没再特别盯着他，只派了海蛋和小叶子跟着他，海蛋为主，小叶子就随他高兴。
王叶和海蛋一起，拎着几个不大的篓子放到独轮车上。
这几个篓子里装的都是岛上孩子们捡的海鸟蛋，带过来除了卖钱，还是他们的食物之一。
雷木帮着把最后一袋咸鱼放到推车上，负责推车的年轻人提起独轮车的手柄，高喊一声：“船锚叔，都好了！”
“你们村的屋子没变，还是老地方，我就不用找人带你们过去了吧？”管事把海沟村来了多少人，带了多少车货物，一一记录下来后，笑着说道。
“当然不用。”船锚豪迈地笑，又哥俩好地揽住管事人的肩膀：“老哥，问你件事。我们村鲨鱼可能来你们岛了，你有看见他吗？他和他家人一起。”
管事当即道：“我正想问你，前天鲨鱼带着他老婆孩子一起来了，说是他弟虾子犯了错，他不好意思再待在村里，就带着家人出来另找地方安家。是有这么回事吗？鲨鱼不会是被你们村赶出来的吧？”
“不是不是。”船锚对鲨鱼意见不算大，自然不会在这事上给他下绊子，当即就否认道：“确实是他弟虾子惹了事，鲨鱼伤心，也怕村人指指点点。你知道，我们村就那么点大，发生点芝麻大点的小事，就能翻来覆去说好久。鲨鱼那性格，哪能忍得了被人指指戳戳？他和村里商量后，用自己的房子换了艘小船，就带他家人出来了。”
“这样就好。鲨鱼是个好手，只要他没问题，在哪儿都能活得不错。”
“我们也这么认为。你知道他现在住在哪儿吗？到底是一个村子的，我们来这里，也想看看他过得好不好，能搭把手就搭把手。”
管事欣慰地笑，海沟村人还能想着鲨鱼一家，就表明鲨鱼真不是犯错被赶出来的，否则以船锚那眼睛揉不进沙子的性格，怎么可能还关心鲨鱼一家的死活？
“鲨鱼现在暂时住在村西口那边，你到那边打听一下，应该很容易就找到他。”
"The shark lives at the west entrance of the village for the time being, and if you go there and ask, it should be easy to find him."
“好，谢了，老哥，等你有空，请你喝酒。” "Okay, thank you, brother, when you are free, please drink."
独轮车排成的车队顺着红色的海石路往村里走。 A convoy of wheelbarrows walked along the red Haishi Road to the village.
第一次来这边的少年和孩子们，脑袋转个不停，看什么都新鲜的不得了。
The teenagers and children who came here for the first time kept turning their heads, and everything was very fresh.
王叶同样如此，他还利用游戏系统附带的拍照功能，拍了不少张照片，当做留念。
Wang Ye is the same, he also took a lot of photos by using the photo function attached to the game system as a souvenir.
路上来来往往不少人，有海草岛当地人，也有外来者。 There are many people coming and going on the road, both locals and outsiders.
大集市会开整整一个月，好些外来者都喜欢在村里租一栋房子住下。海草村也为此专门建造了一些屋子，就租给这些外来商人和旅人。
路人还有人跟上他们，问他们带了什么货物，说如果是他们需要的货物，品质也不错的话，可以给出比集市同类货物均价更高的价格收购。
Some passers-by followed them and asked them what goods they had brought, saying that if the goods they needed and were of good quality, they could buy them at a higher price than the average price of similar goods in the bazaar.
船锚不为所动，说他们不会在集市开始前卖货，如果想买就到集市中买。
问话的人也没纠缠。
打发了两三拨来问话的商人，船锚就半是指点地跟大家说道：“不能说这些人都是骗子，但这些外来商人很多身份底细不明，他们来这里，有的就是抱着抢一笔骗一笔就跑的心思。最简单的骗术，就是用刷了银粉的贝壳和石头来冒充银币。去年，就有跟咱们差不多的村子上当受骗，以为赚了大价钱，结果却发现收到的银币都是贝壳。”
“还有的商家善于偷窃，他现在高价收购你的东西，等把钱付给你之后，他碰你一下，就又把钱袋摸回去了。”
“还有更厉害的，比如会幻术，能对人精神影响之类的，你把自己卖了，都不知道对方长什么样，想找人算账都不知道该找谁。”
“总之，除了在集市中，在其他地方就不要随便买卖东西了，小心上当受骗。”
海沟村的年轻人们纷纷点头，表示受教。
王叶目光落在了刚刚和他们擦身而过的三个大男孩身上。
他一踏上海草岛土地，就在寻找地球玩家，终于给他找到了。
地球玩家在游戏世界有一个共同特征，手背虎口处都有一个小小的蓝色圆球印记，区别只在于有人是左手，有人是右手。
地球玩家在游戏世界还有一个共同来历，那就是蓝星群岛。
以前没有人听过蓝星群岛？
哦，这在双月星真不是什么会让人惊讶的事情。
因为双月星真的太大太大，到现在为止，还没有人能把整个双月星的地图画出来，更不知道还有多少未知的土地和种族存在于这个世界。
就是魔法师也没办法搞清楚，因为这个世界有很多地方都被强大的能量封锁或包裹着，从里面出来难，想要进去更难。
地球玩家出现以后，有人想要查探出蓝星群岛在哪里。跟踪、拷问、诱惑，种种手段用尽，都没能得到蓝星群岛的确切地点。
玩家们就算自己想说，当说到地球和玩家等重要字眼时，就会出现语言屏蔽。
有人对地球玩家搜魂和精神拷问，结果玩家分分钟死给你看。
逐渐的，双月星人也就默认蓝星群岛是个本地土著可以自由来去，外面人想要进入会非常困难，宛如秘境一般的地方。而蓝星群岛人手背虎口处的蓝色圆球印记就是出入那里的钥匙。
王叶也许是真身进入游戏的缘故，他的手背虎口处并没有被打上同样记号。
此时，海草村的地球玩家还不多，只有小猫两三只。 At this time, there are not many Earth players in Seagrass Village, only two or three kittens.
这几个人结成了同伴，彼此打气并互相帮助。 These people formed companions, cheering each other on and helping each other.
实在是这个破游戏无论是做任务还是升级都太难！ It's really this broken game, whether it's doing missions or leveling up, it's too difficult!
三人来的时间最长的一个，来到这座新手村已经快三个月，可至今为止还在二级徘徊。
The longest of the three has been in this novice village for almost three months, but he is still lingering in the second level.
另外两个更惨，到现在还是零级升一级中。 The other two are even worse, and they are still in the zero level to one level.
“你们还打算玩下去吗？”这人选择帮助村民种田，每天拔草除虫，拔得欲仙欲死，以前看到虫子就想呕吐，现在徒手捏爆肥肥的菜青虫，脸色都不会变一下。
"Are you still going to play?" This person chose to help the villagers farm, pulling weeds and insects every day, pulling out immortals and wanting to die, he used to want to vomit when he saw insects, but now he pinches the fat cabbage insects with his bare hands, and his face will not change.
“玩。为什么不玩？”另一人咬牙切齿道：“我决定大学我就去考海洋大学，爷现在出海用小船都不怕翻船！”
"Play. Why not play? The other gritted his teeth and said: "I decided to go to the University of Oceans in college, and I am not afraid of capsizing in a small boat when I go to sea now!" ”
唯一一个刚刚升到二级的青年拍拍同伴的肩膀，感叹道：“我原本都要放弃了，结果昨天晚上系统说我升到了二级，我又不甘心就这么放弃了。我可是挑了整整一个月的大粪啊！”
The only young man who had just been promoted to the second level patted his companion on the shoulder and sighed: "I was going to give up, but last night the system said that I was promoted to the second level, and I was unwilling to give up like this." I've been picking up for a whole month! ”
另外两人全都噗噗笑起来。这位虽然来得最早、等级也在三人中最高，但遭遇也是三人中最惨的。
The other two all burst into laughter. Although this one came the earliest and had the highest rank among the three, he also suffered the worst of the three.
谁让这家伙刚来的时候，让他去打鱼，不会。让他去种田，不会。让他去开石打磨石砖，更是要了他的命。结果这人还有点小好色，竟然看上了村长的女儿，搞浪漫给人送花。最后，村人一怒之下，就把这个干啥啥都不行，还肖想村花的家伙罚去挑粪了。
Whoever told this guy to go fishing when he first came, won't. Let him go to farming, no. Let him open the stone and polish the stone bricks, and it will kill him. As a result, this person was still a little lustful, and he actually fell in love with the village chief's daughter and romantically sent flowers to others. In the end, the villagers were angry, so they couldn't do anything with this guy, and they still wanted to pick up dung from the village flower.
“马上就要开集市了，我们的机会也就要来了。这么一个宛如真实世界的全息游戏，我不相信她就是一个普通世界，这里必然有超越普通人的特别存在和能量，只是我们还没有发现！”挑粪工握拳道。
"The market is about to open, and our chance is coming. Such a holographic game like the real world, I don't believe that it is an ordinary world, there must be a special existence and energy beyond ordinary people, but we haven't discovered it yet! The dung picker clenched his fists.
“我倒是希望能多来一点新玩家，也许指点新玩家会有经验值拿？”
"I'd like to see a few more new players, maybe you'll get experience points for instructing new players?"
“就算没有经验值，我们还可以把我们的生活经验和升级经验，以及日常生活用品什么的卖给他们。好歹赚点铜币。”
"Even if we don't have experience points, we can still sell them our life experience and upgrade experience, as well as daily necessities. Earn some copper coins. ”
“也是啊，不过新来的玩家有钱吗？兄弟，别这么看我，集市是最好的赚钱机会，你会做什么小商品吗？要不要弄点什么到集市上卖？”
"yes, but do the new players have any money? Brother, don't look at me like that, the bazaar is the best opportunity to make money, what will you do with small goods? Would you like to get something to sell at the market? ”
“可惜这里肥皂、香水和玻璃竟然都有了，否则我们还能下线去查查这些东西的做法，到这里搞个小工坊什么的。”
"It's a pity that there are soaps, perfumes and glasses here, otherwise we would have gone offline to check the practices of these things, and set up a small workshop here or something."
“就算查到方法，也不容易做。做肥皂要有大量的油脂，我们到哪儿去弄？烧玻璃也不是简单的事，我们得建火窑，得买原材料，得自己吹玻璃，还得自己搞模子。烧玻璃的火窑多热啊，这里又没有空调。唉，我以前看小说的时候，觉得这些东西做起来都好简单，但真上手自己做，才知道有多难。”
"Even if you find a way, it's not easy to do. It takes a lot of grease to make soap, where do we get it? Burning glass is not a simple matter, we have to build a kiln, we have to buy raw materials, we have to blow glass, and we have to make our own molds. It's hot in the glass-burning kiln, and there's no air conditioning here. Alas, when I used to read novels, I thought these things were so easy to do, but when I really started to do them myself, I realized how difficult it was. ”
“喂，你们两个，有点上进心好不好，你们还想不想找师父学技能了！”挑粪工怒。
"Hey, you two, are you a little self-motivated, do you still want to learn skills from Master!" The dung picker is angry.
“找啦，我们把整个村子都转遍了，可不管我们想学什么，人家都用看傻子的目光看我们，我们能怎么办？”
"Look, we've gone around the whole village, but no matter what we want to learn, people look at us with foolish eyes, what can we do?"
三个人吵吵闹闹地走远。 The three of them walked away noisily.
王叶看着这三人就想到当初的自己。呃，也许他当初还没有这么惨，毕竟他进入游戏的时候，这游戏已经运行十一年，他在网上就能查到很多攻略，不至于刚进入游戏时两眼一抹黑，升级学技能等，全都要靠自己摸索。
Wang Ye looked at these three people and thought of his original self. Well, maybe he wasn't so miserable at the beginning, after all, when he entered the game, the game had been running for eleven years, and he could find a lot of strategies on the Internet, so that he wouldn't be blind when he first entered the game, and he had to rely on himself to learn skills, etc.
不过最初一批进入游戏的人，只要后来坚持下来，几乎全都成为了游戏中的大佬，并且在地球那边也都各有自己的成就。
However, the first group of people who entered the game, as long as they persevered, almost all of them became the bosses of the game, and they all had their own achievements on the other side of the earth.
无他，精神力提升，人的观察力、记忆力和理解力都会相应提升，就是庸才也能变成天才。
Without him, the mental power will be improved, and people's observation, memory and understanding will be improved accordingly, and even mediocre talents can become geniuses.
现在闹着想要罢玩游戏的人，再过半年，看谁还舍得说出这样的话？
People who want to stop playing games now, in another half a year, who will be willing to say such things?
那时，获得各种似是而非消息，但嗅觉敏锐的人，大量涌入游戏，也造成了游戏世界第一次玩家大喷涌。
At that time, people who received all kinds of specious news, but had a keen sense of smell, poured into the game, and it also caused the first big outpouring of players in the game world.
“小叶子，你看到熟人了？”雷木顺着王叶的目光看过去。
"Xiao Yezi, do you see an acquaintance?" Lei Mu followed Wang Ye's gaze.
王叶正要摇头否认，略一迟疑，改口道：“不是熟人，但我好像听到了我家乡那边的口音，也许听错了。”
Wang Ye was about to shake his head in denial, hesitated for a moment, and changed his words: "It's not an acquaintance, but I seem to hear the accent of my hometown, maybe I heard it wrong." ”
他不想骗雷木，但现在也不适合把他的真实来历全盘告诉木木。现在说自己和玩家来自一个地方，以后他身份暴露，木木想起今天他说的话，应该就不会太生气吧？
He didn't want to lie to Reimi, but it wasn't appropriate to tell Mumu all about his true origins right now. Now that he and the player are from the same place, and his identity will be exposed in the future, Mu Mu should not be too angry when he thinks of what he said today, right?
雷木目光扫过那些看起来像是外来者的路人：“也不一定听错，这个集市看规模不小，来的人很多，也许其中就有你的家乡人。你来自哪里？”
Lei Mu's gaze swept over the passers-by who looked like outsiders: "You don't have to hear it wrong, this bazaar is not small, and there are many people who come, maybe there are people from your hometown among them." Where are you from? ”
王叶：“蓝星群岛。” Wang Ye: "Blue Star Islands." ”
雷木想了一会儿：“抱歉，我从来没有听过这个地名。”
Remu thought for a moment: "I'm sorry, I've never heard of this place name. ”
王叶摆摆手：“不用抱歉，我们那儿以前不和外界往来，后来发生了一点事，通向外面的通道出现，大家就出来见世面了。木木，我的来历你暂时不要告诉其他人，就是遇到我们蓝星群岛的人也不要说，有些事情解释起来比较麻烦。”
Wang Ye waved his hand: "Don't be sorry, we didn't interact with the outside world before, but then something happened, and the passage leading to the outside appeared, and everyone came out to see the world." Mu Mu, don't tell anyone else about my origin for the time being, even if you meet us in the Blue Star Islands, don't say it, some things are more troublesome to explain. ”
雷木不知道脑补了什么，满眼怜悯和温柔地摸摸小孩的脑袋，“放心，我谁都不说。”
Lei Mu didn't know what his brain had made up, and his eyes were full of pity and tenderness and touched the child's head, "Don't worry, I won't say anything." ”
“木木，我已经告诉你我来自哪里了，你不觉得礼尚往来是种美德吗？”王叶趁机扒住雷木的胳膊问。
"Mumu, I've already told you where I'm from, don't you think it's a virtue to be courteous?" Wang Ye took the opportunity to grab Lei Mu's arm and asked.
雷木勾起唇角：“我问，你可以不说。” Lei Mu curled the corners of his lips: "I ask, you don't have to say it." ”
“木木，你学坏了。”王叶幽幽道。 "Mumu, you've learned badly." Wang Ye said quietly.
“叫哥。”
“哎！”王叶清脆的应了一声。
“臭小子。”雷木笑骂。
“小叶子，我们等会儿去海草村里玩啊？”海蛋跑过来，颠颠地问。
他二哥海崖加快脚步跟过来，一个毛栗子敲在弟弟脑门上：“就知道玩。小叶子还有正事要做，你别缠着他。”
海蛋瘪嘴，捂着额头抱怨：“二哥，你好讨厌。小叶子都没说什么……呜呜！”
海崖捏住了弟弟的嘴唇，让他说不出话。
海崖张牙舞爪，要跟他二哥拼命。被他哥三两下就镇压了。
王叶听到很轻的笑声，回头看跟在后面的章绘，见那人抬头冲他微笑，还做口型叫他主人，立马一个冷颤，转回头不再看那变态。
Wang Ye heard a very light laugh, looked back at Zhang Hui who was following behind, and saw that the man looked up and smiled at him, and called him master, so he immediately shuddered, and turned his head to stop looking at the pervert.
雷木转头，神色淡漠，给了章绘一个警告的眼神。 Lei Mu turned his head, his expression indifferent, and gave Zhang Hui a warning look.
章绘低下头，不作妖了。 Zhang Hui lowered his head and stopped being a demon.
海草村人在集市内给邻居们建造了一排棕榈叶屋，每个村子分一座。
The people of Seagrass Village built a row of palm leaf houses for their neighbors in the market, one for each village.
屋子前后有两大间，后面还有一个院子。院子里有火塘，还有一口大水缸。
There are two large rooms in the front and back of the house, and a courtyard at the back. There is a fire pit in the yard and a large water tank.
船锚让村里的年轻人留在铺子里卸货和打扫，他这边带上王叶和雷木就往海草村村西口走。
The anchor told the young people in the village to stay in the shop to unload and clean, and he took Wang Ye and Lei Mu to the west entrance of Haicao Village.
章绘也跟上了他们。让这个人和村人待一起，谁都不放心，只能带着。
Zhang Hui also followed them. Let this person stay with the villagers, no one is at ease, so they can only take it.
第35章 上门和向导 Chapter 35: Door-to-door and guide
海草村村西口都是外来者待的地方，他们有的想要留在海草岛，有的想要借大集这个跳板，去往更远阔的世界。也有租不起村内房子的小商人和旅人，只能暂住在这里。
The west entrance of Seagrass Village is a place for outsiders, some of whom want to stay on Seagrass Island, and some want to use the big set as a springboard to go to the wider world. There are also small merchants and travelers who cannot afford to rent a house in the village, so they can only live here temporarily.
包括地球那三名玩家在内，都住在这边。 Including the three players on Earth, they all live here.
刚来的鲨鱼一家同样如此，不过好歹鲨鱼来过几趟海草岛，和海草村有些人相识，交情不说多好，至少有个面子情。
The same is true of the shark family who just came, but the shark has been to Seagrass Island a few times, and some people in Seagrass Village have met each other, not to mention how good the friendship is, at least there is a face.
冲着这份邻居的面子情，村西口的管事给他们家划分了还算不错的一块住处，靠近山坳，凉爽又背风，后面就是山林，附近就有一条淡水溪。
For the sake of the neighbor's face, the steward at the west entrance of the village divided a decent place for their family, close to the mountain col, cool and leeward, with mountains and forests behind it, and a freshwater stream nearby.
房子是最简单的泥巴加木枝搭建的简易屋，屋顶用棕榈叶做顶。
The house is the simplest simple house made of mud and wood branches, and the roof is topped with palm leaves.
这边一年四季都很炎热，只要不是台风季和风口处，这样的房子并不算太糟糕，里面好好收拾一番，用来过渡还是可以的。
It's hot all year round here, and as long as it's not the typhoon season and the tuyere, it's not too bad for such a house.
船锚带人找过来的时候，鲨鱼的妻子正在屋门口生火做饭。
When the anchor brought people over, the shark's wife was cooking on a fire in front of the house.
文静的女人脸上多出了几分愁容，她才一岁大的女儿就光着小屁屁坐在一边的地上，手里抓着一把叶子玩来玩去。
The quiet woman's face was a little more sad, and her one-year-old daughter sat on the ground with a bare little buttocks, holding a handful of leaves in her hand and playing around.
“沙姐。”船锚叫了一声。 "Sister Sha." The anchor screamed.
沙姐就叫这个名字，她在未出嫁前是家里老大，家里也没给她正儿八经取个名字，等她两个妹妹出生，大家就习惯叫她沙姐，以区分她和她的妹妹们。
Sister Sha is called this name, she was the eldest in the family before she got married, and the family did not give her a name, and when her two younger sisters were born, everyone used to call her Sister Sha to distinguish her from her sisters.
沙姐听到熟悉的嗓音，愣了愣，抬起头，见是船锚，连忙站起身，脸上不自禁地就带出几分看到亲人似的激动：“船锚叔，您来了。”
Sister Sha was stunned when she heard the familiar voice, raised her head, and saw that it was the anchor, so she quickly stood up, and her face couldn't help but show a little excitement as if she saw her relatives: "Uncle Anchor, you are here." ”
“是啊，这不马上是大集了吗，村里就让我提前两天过来做一些准备，顺便看看你们在这边过得怎么样，有没有需要我们帮忙的地方。鲨鱼呢？”船锚自然地道。
"Yes, isn't this a big gathering right away, the village asked me to come over two days in advance to make some preparations, and by the way, see how you guys are doing here, and if there is anything you need our help with." What about sharks? "The anchor is natural and authentic.
沙姐鼻子一酸，在家千日好，出门样样难，只有离了家才知道离家的苦，偏偏鲨鱼还……
Sister Sha's nose is sore, it is good to be at home for a thousand days, it is difficult to go out, only when she leaves home does she know the pain of leaving home, but the shark is still ......
“鲨鱼去打鱼了，还没回来。”沙姐局促地道：“我们刚到这里，靠鲨鱼以往认识的人才租了这间房子，但房租我们交不出来，村里管事同意让我们一个月后再给。家里这么些人，张嘴就要吃喝，鲨鱼来的第二天就操船出去打鱼，每天晚上才回来。”
"The shark went fishing and hasn't come back yet." Sister Sha said crampedly: "We just arrived here, and we rented this house because of the people we knew in the past, but we couldn't pay the rent, and the village steward agreed to let us pay it in a month." There are so many people in the family, they have to eat and drink when they open their mouths, and the shark goes out to fish the next day when he comes, and he only comes back every night. ”
“海草村这边的人还是比较厚道的。”船锚点点头，鲨鱼一家安顿不易，但他并没有因此感到歉意什么的。鲨鱼一家用家里财产换渔舟，实际上还是村里吃亏，一艘耐用的好渔舟在海岛村落可比一栋普通房子贵得多。
"The people here in Seagrass Village are still more kind." The anchor nodded, it was not easy for the shark family to settle down, but he didn't apologize for it. The shark family exchanged their family property for a fishing boat, but in fact the village suffered, and a good fishing boat with durability can be much more expensive than an ordinary house in an island village.
鲨鱼和他妻子心里也都清楚这一点，所以他们走也没有任何抱怨。
The shark and his wife knew this in their hearts, so they left without complaining.
“看我，他叔，还有这三位，你们进屋坐，我给你们倒水。”
"Look at me, his uncle, and these three, you go into the house and sit down, and I'll pour you water."
“不用忙，我们就是来看看你们，看有什么需要帮忙的，正好市集还没开，跟来的小子没事干，明天我让他们过来一趟，不管是修房子、修船，还是劈柴打猎，让他们给你们帮把手。”
"Don't be busy, we're just here to see if there's anything we need help with, the market hasn't opened yet, and the kid who came with me has nothing to do, I'll let them come over tomorrow, whether it's repairing a house, repairing a boat, or chopping wood and hunting, let them help you."
沙姐心里更难受了，说话都有些哭音：“谢谢船锚叔，不用麻烦……”
Sister Sha felt even more uncomfortable, and she cried a little when she spoke: "Thank you, Uncle Anchor, don't bother......"
沙姐没说完，眼泪掉了下来，她赶紧伸手去抹。 Sister Sha didn't finish speaking, tears fell, and she quickly reached out to wipe them.
船锚一看她这模样，心里就咯噔一下。沙姐看起来文静，实际是个极有主意也很坚强的女人，她得遇到什么事，才会不顾面子，当着过来的村人面掉眼泪？
When the anchor saw her like this, his heart chuckled. Sister Sha looks quiet, but she is actually a very thoughtful and strong woman, what does she have to do to disregard face and shed tears in front of the villagers who come over?
“沙姐，我们进屋说。” "Sister Sha, let's go into the house and say."
沙姐也不知道该不该和船锚提那事，但除了船锚，她又有谁能述说？
Sister Sha didn't know whether to mention it to the anchor, but who else could she tell besides the anchor?
可她又怕…… But she was afraid......
“娘，我回来了！”鲨鱼才五岁的大儿子抱着一个陶罐，慢慢走了回来。
"Mother, I'm back!" The shark's eldest son, who was only five years old, slowly walked back with a clay pot in his arms.
“好孩子。”沙姐连忙过去接过儿子手里的陶罐，家里没人帮手，她只能让才五岁的儿子帮她去附近的小溪里打水。所幸那溪水不深也不急，否则她还不敢让儿子过去。
"Good boy." Sister Sha hurriedly went over to take the clay pot in her son's hand, but there was no one at home to help, so she could only ask her five-year-old son to help her go to a nearby stream to fetch water. Fortunately, the stream was not deep or urgent, otherwise she would not have dared to let her son pass.
五岁大的男孩似乎比两天前更懂事了一些，对他娘咧嘴一笑，就过去拉起妹妹的手，不让她把叶子往嘴里塞。
The five-year-old boy seemed to be a little more sensible than he had been two days ago, grinning at his mother, and went over to take his sister's hand and prevent her from shoving the leaves into her mouth.
沙姐看着一儿一女，心里有了决定：“他叔，进屋说吧，有些事还真的需要您帮忙。”
Sister Sha looked at her son and daughter, and made a decision in her heart: "Uncle, let's go into the house and say, there are some things that really need your help." ”
沙姐是个勤快女人，屋子里面收拾得很干净，她把睡觉用的棕榈席铺到地上，让大家坐下说话。又让儿子带着女儿在门口玩，顺便看着点正在煮的花蛤。她敞着帘子，确保能看到两个孩子。
Sister Sha is a diligent woman, the house is very clean, she spreads the palm mat for sleeping on the ground, and everyone sits down to talk. I asked my son to play with my daughter at the door, and by the way, I looked at the clams that were being cooked. She left the curtain open to make sure she could see the two children.
“沙姐，是不是有什么为难的事，你说吧，村里能帮的一定帮。”船锚先给沙姐吃了颗定心丸。
"Sister Sha, is there anything embarrassing, you say, the village will definitely help if you can." The anchor first gave Sister Sha a reassurance.
沙姐咬了咬嘴唇，过了一会儿才说道：“我觉得……鲨鱼很可能生病了。”
Sister Sha bit her lip and said after a while, "I think it...... The shark is most likely sick. ”
“哦？什么病？”船锚不动声色地问。 "Oh? What disease? The anchor asked quietly.
沙姐皱着眉头，似乎不知道该怎么形容：“我也不能确定，鲨鱼他突然变得不爱说话，还会突然对孩子发脾气。你知道鲨鱼那个人，对家里人都十分重视，他弟那个样子，他都舍不得打骂一顿，更何况是对自己的孩子。以前他连呵斥都没呵斥过两个孩子，可这两天，两孩子一靠近他，他就不耐烦，不但把人推开，还会骂他们。两个孩子都吓到了。”
Sister Sha frowned, as if she didn't know how to describe it: "I'm not sure that the shark suddenly became untalkative, and he would suddenly lose his temper with the child." You know that the shark is very important to his family, and he is reluctant to beat and scold his brother like that, let alone his own children. He hadn't even scolded the two children before, but in the past two days, as soon as the two children approached him, he became impatient, not only pushing people away, but also scolding them. Both children were scared. ”
沙姐说着说着就难过起来，她以为到了这边，日子总能慢慢过好起来，可她万没想到，作为家中支柱的丈夫竟然出了问题，而且是一来就出问题。
Sister Sha became sad as she spoke, she thought that when she came here, life would always get better slowly, but she never expected that her husband, who was the pillar of the family, would have a problem, and it would be a problem as soon as she came.
“还有呢？这可不像是生病的样子。”船锚继续问。 "What else? It's not like being sick. The anchor continued to ask.
沙姐脸上浮起一些红晕，但她还是说道：“他来的这两个晚上都没碰我，我靠近他，他就推开我，还跑到门口去睡。我以为他心里有事，想要陪他。他就凶我，说他不舒服，让我滚远点。我以为他要离开我们母子，但他每天都会回来，每次回来都会带回很多海货，卖的钱，他也都交给我，自己一个子都没留。”
Sister Sha's face flushed a little, but she still said: "He didn't touch me in the two nights he came, and when I got close to him, he pushed me away and ran to the door to sleep." I thought he had something on his mind and wanted to accompany him. He scolded me, said he was uncomfortable, and told me to get away. I thought he was going to leave our mother and son, but he would come back every day, and every time he came back, he would bring back a lot of seafood, and he would give me all the money from the sale, and he didn't keep any of them. ”
沙姐矛盾极了，也对丈夫担心至极，她了解丈夫，那绝不是正常的鲨鱼：“我怀疑他生病了，但他看起来又很健康，他身上的伤口还好得特别快，他之前胸口这边被戳了个洞，但不到两天，就长好了。”
Sister Sha is extremely conflicted, and she is also extremely worried about her husband, she knows her husband, it is by no means a normal shark: "I suspect that he is sick, but he looks healthy, the wounds on his body are healing very quickly, he was poked in the chest before, but in less than two days, it healed." ”
沙姐把他们离开村里在海里碰到一个陌生人，以及对方用村子威胁他们，鲨鱼杀了他的事说了。
Sister Sha told them about the stranger they met in the sea when they left the village, and that the other party threatened them with the village and that the shark killed him.
船锚听到这里，侧头看王叶，想知道鲨鱼这情况是不是被虫子寄生了。
Hearing this, the anchor looked sideways at Wang Ye, wondering if the shark was parasitized by bugs.
王叶从沙姐的描述中基本可以确定，那只孵化的血吸虫母虫已经寄生在鲨鱼身上，并正在改造和影响他。
Wang Ye could basically determine from Sister Sha's description that the hatched schistosomiasis mother had parasitized the shark and was transforming and influencing him.
只不过鲨鱼本人比较健壮，心志也比较坚定，那血吸虫母虫又刚刚孵化且只有一级，这才让鲨鱼还有抗争之力。
It's just that the shark itself is relatively strong and determined, and the schistosomiasis mother has just hatched and is only level 1, which makes the shark still have the strength to fight.
鲨鱼可能也感觉到自己身上的异处，才会不让妻儿近身。
Sharks may also sense something strange in their bodies, so they will not let their wives and children get close.
“实际上我们这次来找你，还有一个原因。我们在礁石滩发现了一具古怪的尸体，那尸体中长满了虫卵……”船锚缓缓说道。
"Actually, there is another reason why we came to you this time. We found a strange corpse on the reef beach, which was covered in insect eggs......" the anchor said slowly.
听完船锚叙述，沙姐脸色变得煞白。 After listening to the anchor's narration, Sister Sha's face turned pale.
船锚立刻就宽慰她，说村里的贵客小叶子能去除身体中的寄生虫。
The anchor immediately comforted her, saying that the village's noble guest, Little Leaf, could remove parasites from her body.
沙姐这才明白船锚为什么带着三个陌生人过来，原来其中两个就是村人口中提到的贵客，也是虾子获罪的源头之一。
Only then did Sister Sha understand why the anchor brought three strangers over, and it turned out that two of them were the distinguished guests mentioned in the village, and they were also one of the sources of shrimp's crime.
沙姐眼带乞求地看向王叶，她知道丈夫和这对兄弟有些不对付，她现在就担心这两位不肯出手救治她丈夫，或者要很高的治疗代价。
Sister Sha looked at Wang Ye with begging eyes, she knew that her husband and the two brothers had a little bit of a problem, and she was now worried that these two would not help her husband to save her, or that they would have to pay a high price for treatment.
王叶并没有给出承诺，只道：“等鲨鱼回来，看情况再说。根据之前发现的寄生虫推测，如果被已经孵化的母虫寄生，最佳救治时间约在被寄生的六个小时以内。超过这个时间，结果很难说。”
Wang Ye didn't give a promise, but said: "Wait for the shark to come back, and then talk about the situation." Based on the previously discovered parasites, it is speculated that if the worm is parasitized by a mother that has already hatched, the best treatment time is about six hours after the parasitism. Beyond this time, the results are hard to say. ”
沙姐的心情就像坐过山车一样，忽高忽低，船锚刚给了她希望，王叶又给了她打击。
Sister Sha's mood was like riding a roller coaster, up and down, the anchor just gave her hope, and Wang Ye gave her another blow.
但这女人本身就很有韧性，加上可能是为母则强，她挺起背脊，对王叶拜了拜，并没有因为希望小就被打倒，也没有像普通的村妇一样缠着王叶哭闹，又跪又磕头地非要他把人救下来不可。
But this woman herself is very resilient, and she may be strong as a mother, she straightened her back and bowed to Wang Ye, and was not knocked down because she hoped to be small, nor did she pester Wang Ye to cry like an ordinary village woman, kneeling and kowtowing to him to save people.
【任务发布：原海草村村民鲨鱼的妻子沙姐请求玩家隔壁小王杀死寄生虫并救治她的丈夫。根据任务完成程度，奖励50点100点经验值。请问隔壁小王是否接受任务？】
[Mission Release: Sister Sha, the wife of a shark in the former Seagrass Village, asks the player next door Xiao Wang to kill the parasite and treat her husband.] Depending on the level of mission completion, 50 points and 100 experience points will be awarded. Does Xiao Wang next door accept the task? 】
“接受。” "Accept."
鲨鱼回来还有段时间，船锚就先回去了，鲨鱼要救，村里的买卖也不能落下，既然提前过来了，有些事就可以提前准备起来。
There is still some time for the shark to come back, the anchor will go back first, the shark must be saved, and the business in the village cannot be left behind, since it has come in advance, some things can be prepared in advance.
雷木开口跟船锚说，他要带小叶子在附近逛逛，章绘也由他们看着。
Lei Mu opened his mouth and told the anchor that he was going to take Xiao Yezi to walk around the neighborhood, and Zhang Hui was also watched by them.
船锚自然没有不答应的，双方约好傍晚在鲨鱼家碰面，就各自分开。
Naturally, the anchor did not agree, and the two parties agreed to meet at the shark's house in the evening, and they separated.
“现在我们人已经到了海草村，你可以说东西在哪儿了。”雷木不带什么感情地说道。
"Now that we've arrived at Seagrass Village, you can tell where the things are." Reimu said without emotion.
章绘也没拖延，低着头，小声说：“东西就在海草村东门从东往西数第六家的围墙下面。”
Zhang Hui didn't delay, lowered his head, and whispered: "The thing is under the wall of the sixth house from east to west at the east gate of Seagrass Village. ”
“那户人家知道还是不知道？”王叶忽然问。 "Does the family know or not?" Wang Ye suddenly asked.
章绘摇头：“我不知道，那人没跟我说太多，他当时就剩下一口气，跟我说完地点，人就咽气了。”
Zhang Hui shook his head: "I don't know, that person didn't tell me much, he had only one breath left, and after telling me the location, the person swallowed." ”
“那走吧，先过去看看情况。”雷木示意章绘走在前面。
"Let's go, let's go over and see the situation first." Lei Mu motioned for Zhang Hui to walk ahead.
三个地球玩家之一的挑粪工忽然跑到三人面前，特别热情地说：“三位，你们是第一次来这边吧，看我们村是不是特别美，我知道不少风景特别优美的地方。如果你们想在村里淘货，我也知道哪家卖得价格适中，东西还好。要么我带三位转转？放心，不要你们多少钱，更不会坑你们，否则你们可以找村子告我。一个小时一个铜币，不满意还不用给。”
The dung picker, one of the three Earth players, suddenly ran in front of the three of them and said very enthusiastically: "Three, this is the first time you have come here, to see if our village is particularly beautiful, I know many places with particularly beautiful scenery." If you want to shop in the village, I know which one sells at a reasonable price and the goods are good. Or do I take the three people around? Don't worry, I don't want you to pay any money, and I won't cheat you, otherwise you can find the village to sue me. One copper coin an hour, and you don't have to give it if you are not satisfied. ”
另外两个玩家顿时在心中大喊同伴奸诈，他们怎么就没想到还有这么一招。
The other two players immediately shouted in their hearts that their companions were treacherous, how could they not have thought of such a trick.
不过没关系，他们现在学会了，等会儿就去码头那边拉人。
But it doesn't matter, they've learned it now, and they'll go to the docks to pull people in later.
这两人还不知道，挑粪工之所以“灵机一动”，无非是看到雷木脸上诡异的文字刺青。他想学技能快要想疯了，如今看到这么一个不像正常人的，就想接触看看，如果运气好，说不定就此让他走上超凡的辉煌大道也有可能啊。
The two of them didn't know that the reason why the dung picker had an "idea" was nothing more than seeing the strange text tattoos on Lei Mu's face. He wants to learn skills and is about to go crazy, and now that he sees such a person who is not like a normal person, he wants to contact him, and if he is lucky, maybe it is possible for him to embark on the road of extraordinary glory.
王叶：……这招他也干过。 Wang Ye: ...... He's done it too.
雷木看向王叶，现在三人最有钱的就是王叶，要不要雇人全看他。
Lei Mu looked at Wang Ye, now the richest of the three is Wang Ye, whether he wants to hire someone or not depends on him.
王叶立刻掏出那个快被他遗忘的钱袋，塞到雷木手里：“哥，你看着办，我都听你的。”
Wang Ye immediately took out the money bag that he was about to forget and stuffed it into Lei Mu's hand: "Brother, you look at it, I will listen to you." ”
雷木想到他们就这么走进村子必定很引人注意，雇个向导让他带路，也能让村人少些猜测，就雇佣了这名玩家。
Remu thought that they must be very noticeable when they walked into the village like this, and hired a guide to let him lead the way, which would also make the villagers less guessing, so he hired this player.
玩家听到脑中系统提醒，嘴巴笑咧。这个法子可行，他接到任务了！虽然完成只有5点经验值奖励，但对比他以前接的任务奖励，5个点已经不少。
The player is smiling when he hears the system alert in his head. It worked, and he got the task! Although there is only 5 XP points for completion, 5 points is not a lot compared to the rewards of his previous missions.
“海草村外面有一圈围墙，只有南口能让外人进出，还有北门方便村人进山，另外的两道门平常都不开。”
"There is a fence outside Seagrass Village, only the south entrance allows outsiders to enter and exit, and the north gate is convenient for villagers to enter the mountain, and the other two gates are usually not opened."
自称弹珠的大男孩边走边介绍：“海草村并不禁止外人进入，只是不让外人在村里销货，买可以，卖不行。你们有什么想买的吗？村里的咸鱼干做得特别好，很多商人都会来这边买好多带走。还有珍珠和螺珠，那都是村人玩命摸上来的，保证没有假货。”
The eldest boy, who calls himself Marbles, introduced as he walked: "Seagrass Village does not prohibit outsiders from entering, but it does not allow outsiders to sell goods in the village. Do you have anything you'd like to buy? The dried salted fish in the village is very well done, and many merchants will come here to buy a lot of it and take it away. There are also pearls and snail beads, which are all touched by the villagers with their lives, and there are no fakes. ”
“村里也有集市？” "There is also a market in the village?"
“有啊，村里那个不叫集市，叫街市，都是村里人开的，前面是店铺，后面就是住家。西边一条街都是。如果西门能开，从我们这儿过去特别近，可惜那门一直都是关着的。”
"Yes, the one in the village is not called a market, it is called a street market, it is opened by people in the village, with shops in front and houses in the back. All the streets to the west are. If the west door could be opened, it would be very close to us, but unfortunately it was always closed. ”
弹珠非常健谈，不用雷木询问很多，他就自己说了一大堆。
Marbles is very talkative, and he doesn't need to ask a lot of questions from Lei Mu, he just talks a lot about himself.
这也让雷木觉得一小时一个铜币的价格非常值。 This also made Lei Mu feel that the price of one copper coin an hour was very worthwhile.
可能看出雷木对他的解说很满意，弹珠对雷木越发热情：“大哥，您打哪儿来啊？您脸上这刺青看着可真酷，也特别神秘，您是不是……”
may have seen that Lei Mu was very satisfied with his explanation, and Marble became more and more enthusiastic about Lei Mu: "Big brother, where did you come from?" This tattoo on your face looks so cool and mysterious, don't you ......?"
“酷？”雷木打断他的问话。 "Cool?" Reimi interrupted his questioning.
“这是我们家乡话，就是特别不一般的意思。” "This is our hometown dialect, which means something very unusual."
“哦。” "Oh."
弹珠心里没谱了，这哥们有点不好勾搭啊。 The marbles are out of music, this guy is a little difficult to hook up.
“你刚才说村里比较有权势的人都住在南边，猎户大多住在北面，西面是商户，那东边呢？”王叶插话，似一脸好奇地问。
"You just said that the more powerful people in the village live in the south, and most of the hunters live in the north, and the merchants live in the west, but what about the east?" Wang Ye interjected, as if asking curiously.
弹珠连忙回答：“东边也大多都是村人的住所，不过那边长期租房子住的外来者也多，基本上有钱的外来者都集中在那一片。”
Danzhu hurriedly replied: "Most of the people in the east are the residences of the villagers, but there are also many outsiders who rent houses for a long time over there, and basically the rich outsiders are concentrated in that area. ”
“那边可以租房子吗？现在还有空房子吗？”王叶一副很想住进去的模样。
"Can I rent a house over there? Are there any empty houses now? Wang Ye looked like he wanted to live in.
弹珠也不敢确定：“如果是平常日子，那边总会有几栋空房子。但现在是一年一次的大集，很多外地商人都会提前赶来，那边的房子能租出去的大概都已经租出去。但我可以带你们过去看看，问一问。”
Marble wasn't sure either: "If it's a normal day, there will always be a few empty houses over there." But now it is a big gathering once a year, and many businessmen from other places will come in advance, and the houses that can be rented out over there have probably been rented out. But I can take you over and ask about it. ”
“哥？”王叶仰头。 "Brother?" Wang Ye raised his head.
雷木牵住王叶的手：“那就过去看看。” Lei Mu took Wang Ye's hand: "Then go over and have a look." ”
于是，弹珠就带三人进入村落，往东边去了。 So Marbles led the three into the village and went east.
路上遇到村人，还有人调侃弹珠。 On the way, I met the villagers, and some people ridiculed the marbles.
弹珠在这里待了快三个月，因为给村长女儿送花的事，在村里也算一个小名人。
Marble stayed here for almost three months, and because of the flower delivery to the village chief's daughter, he was also a small celebrity in the village.
“弹珠，这是你认识的人？还是你家乡那边又来人了？”村人打趣地问。
"Marbles, is this someone you know? Or is there another person from your hometown? The villager asked jokingly.
弹珠摇头：“不是，是这次来集市的客人，我带他们进来转转。”
Marbles shook his head: "No, it's the guests who came to the market this time, I'll take them in for a walk." ”
“哦，那你小心一点，有什么事大声喊。”村人打量三个外来人。
"Oh, be careful, what's the matter?" The villagers looked at the three outsiders.
可能因为每年都有一次大集的缘故，海草村人并不怎么排斥外来者，但也很难对这些外地人热情。
Perhaps because there is a large gathering every year, the people of Seagrass Village are not very repulsive to outsiders, but it is also difficult to be enthusiastic about these outsiders.
弹珠虽然也是外来者，但他在村里住了快三个月，虽然闹出一些奇葩事，但大男孩为人热情脾气好，别人逗他，他也很少生气。而且这小子干活不计较报酬，吃亏也不闹，村人还蛮喜欢他的，对他也就比较照顾，后面还爱屋及乌地对弹珠后来的两个家乡人也不错。
Although Marble was also an outsider, he lived in the village for almost three months, and although there were some strange incidents, the eldest boy was warm and good-tempered, and he rarely got angry when others teased him. And this kid doesn't care about the pay, he doesn't make trouble when he suffers, the villagers still like him, and they take care of him.
东街走了一半，弹珠问了好几户人家，都说房子已经租出去了。
Halfway down East Street, Marble asked several families, and they all said that the house had been rented out.
再往前走了几家，弹珠指着一户门前挂着枯草的人家说：“前面这家很可能还有空屋出租。他们家的顶梁柱前段时间进山被野兽把腿咬断了。”
A few further on, Marble pointed to a house with withered grass hanging in front of the door and said, "There is probably a vacant house for rent in this one in front." The pillar of their family went into the mountains some time ago and was bitten off by a wild beast. ”
弹珠左右看看，压低声音道：“村里的药师学徒要价贵，他们家的钱可能已经被掏空，现在正是缺钱的时候。如果你们不要求整座空屋，只要价钱合适，他们家应该能匀出空房间租给你们。”
Marble looked left and right, and said in a low voice: "The medicine apprentices in the village are expensive, and their family's money may have been emptied, and now is the time to be short of money." If you don't ask for the whole empty room, as long as the price is right, they should be able to rent out the empty room for you. ”
第36章 租房、鲨鱼的请求
“我们再往前面看看，如果真的没有，那再过来问问。”雷木道。
"Let's take a look at the front, and if we really don't, then come back and ask." Thunderwood Road.
这种要求很正常，弹珠颠颠地带着三人继续往前。 This kind of request is normal, and the marbles continue to move forward with the three of them.
“这里的药师学徒很厉害吗？”王叶对这里的药师学徒比较感兴趣，再看弹珠明显对那个药师学徒不太感冒，就多问了两句。
"Are the pharmacist apprentices here very powerful?" Wang Ye was more interested in the pharmacist apprentice here, and then looking at the marbles, it was obvious that he was not very interested in that pharmacist apprentice, so he asked two more questions.
药师这一行学无止境，每个地方都有自己独到的草药和救人方法，有时候别看对方只是一个药师学徒，说不定他就能掌握一个甚至数个别的大药师都没有的草药配方。
The pharmacist profession is endless, each place has its own unique herbs and ways to save people, sometimes don't look at the other party as just a pharmacist apprentice, maybe he can master a herbal formula that even a few great pharmacists don't have.
有着上辈子的经历，王叶从来不敢小瞧任何人。 With the experience of his previous life, Wang Ye never dared to underestimate anyone.
弹珠撇撇嘴，又临时收住，结果把自己的脸整出了一个怪异的表情：“我的家乡有句谚语，非常适合这位药师学徒大人。”
Marbles pursed her lips and temporarily retracted it, only to put a strange expression on her face: "There is a proverb in my hometown that is very suitable for this pharmacist apprentice. ”
“什么谚语？”雷木见他说得有趣，就问道。 "What proverb?" Seeing that he was talking interestingly, Remu asked.
弹珠：“满瓶不荡，半瓶晃荡。且晃得恨不得天下皆知瓶里有水。”
Marbles: "A full bottle is not swinging, half a bottle is dangling." And it shook so much that everyone in the world knew that there was water in the bottle. ”
弹珠承认自己不喜欢那个药师学徒。 Marble admits that she doesn't like the pharmacist apprentice.
作为游戏玩家，在新手村发现药师类人物，一般人会有什么反应？
As a gamer, how will the average person react when they find a pharmacist character in the novice village?
那肯定是想办法拜师学艺了。 That must be a way to learn from a teacher.
弹珠来到这里后第一个想要攻克的人就是药师学徒，结果对方白白使唤了他一个月，一个铜币都没给他，还不提供三餐，当他刚表现出一点不满之意，那人就把他赶了出来，还让他以后不要再奢想当药师，说他不是那块料。
The first person he wanted to conquer after Danball came here was the medicine man's apprentice, but the other party called him for a month in vain, and did not give him a single copper coin, and did not provide three meals, and when he just showed a little dissatisfaction, the man kicked him out, and told him not to think about being a medicine master in the future, saying that he was not that material.
如果说那一个月，对方让他接触草药，哪怕是种植草药，弹珠也不会心里不舒服。
If the other party let him touch herbs in that month, even if it was to grow herbs, marbles would not feel uncomfortable.
可对方让他做的是什么？ But what did the other party ask him to do?
竟然让他帮他家挑水劈柴、洗锅刷碗、打扫卫生、清洗马桶……总之，全是仆人干的杂事。他长这么大，连自家厕所都没刷过一次好吗！
even asked him to help his family carry water and chop wood, wash pots and dishes, clean the toilet, and clean the toilet...... In short, it was all the servants doing chores. He's grown so big that he hasn't even brushed his own toilet once, okay?
而且那人每次配药都不会让他待在身边，也不允许他进出药房。
And the man wouldn't let him stay with him every time he dispensed medicine, and he wouldn't be allowed to go in or out of the pharmacy.
弹珠被赶出来后，在村里打听了一番，这才知道这药师学徒不是第一次干这种事。
After Marbles was kicked out, he inquired in the village, and learned that this was not the first time that this pharmacist apprentice had done such a thing.
那药师学徒特别爱财，真正钻到钱眼里那种，还特别小气。他舍不得花钱雇佣奴仆，就把一些上门想要求学的人当做奴仆使唤，直到对方受不了。
The pharmacist apprentice is very fond of money, and he is really stingy when he gets into the eyes of money. He was reluctant to spend money on hiring slaves, so he called some people who came to the door and wanted to learn as slaves, until the other party could not stand it.
村里人都知道他的德性，不会让自己孩子去他们家找罪受。也就每年有些外地人过来，不清楚那药师学徒的为人，想从他身上学到制药的本事，可绝大多数人都是像弹珠一样，只白白给那家干上几个月活，等察觉不对，就会被那人赶出来。
Everyone in the village knew his virtue and would not let his children go to their house to find guilt. Every year, some outsiders come over, they don't know what the pharmacist apprentice is, and they want to learn the skills of medicine from him, but the vast majority of them are like marbles, only working for that family for a few months in vain, and when they realize that something is wrong, they will be kicked out by that person.
照理说，这药师学徒这么卑劣，早就应该被人不知套过多少次麻袋，哪还能让他继续在村里干这种不要脸的缺德事？
It stands to reason that this pharmacist apprentice is so despicable, he should have been put on a sack for an unknown number of times, how could he continue to do such shameless and immoral things in the village?
但谁让这名药师学徒的父亲是村里唯二的武师之一，拳头硬，还不讲理。你去报复那药师学徒，说不定反过来要挨他父亲打，自讨武力值不够的人也只能咽下这口气。
But who made the father of this pharmacist apprentice one of the only two martial artists in the village, with hard fists and unreasonable. If you take revenge on the pharmacist apprentice, you may be beaten by his father in turn, and those who are not strong enough can only swallow this breath.
村里则因为那药师学徒的父亲是村里重要武力之一，那药师学徒也没有蠢到逮着村里人死坑，这才让村里睁只眼闭只眼到现在。
In the village, because the father of the pharmacist apprentice was one of the important forces in the village, the pharmacist apprentice was not stupid enough to catch the villagers and die in the pit, which made the village turn a blind eye until now.
“半瓶啊，那就是还有些本事。”王叶拖长语气。 "Half a bottle, that's still some ability." Wang Ye dragged out his tone.
弹珠也低声道：“如果不是还有些本事，村里人哪能忍受他到现在。”
Marble also whispered: "If it weren't for some ability, how could the people in the village put up with him until now." ”
说话间，四人已经走到村子最东头。 As they spoke, the four of them had already reached the easternmost part of the village.
经过询问，果然所有空房都已经租出去。 After inquiry, sure enough, all the vacant rooms have been rented out.
王叶边走边暗中数数，从东到西数到第六座房子，赫然发现第六座房子和第七座竟然是连在一起的，中间就隔了一堵墙。
Wang Ye secretly counted as he walked, counting from east to west to the sixth house, and found that the sixth house and the seventh house were connected together, with a wall in between.
问了弹珠，才知道这两座房子里住的是一对兄弟。哥哥家就是家主被野兽咬断腿的那家，弟弟家很可能是他们的目标。
After asking about marbles, I learned that there were a pair of brothers living in these two houses. The elder brother's house is the one where the head of the family has his leg bitten off by a wild beast, and the younger brother's house is likely to be their target.
王叶让雷木把他抱起来，把周围房子都看了看，心中生出几分疑惑。
Wang Ye asked Lei Mu to pick him up, looked at the surrounding houses, and had some doubts in his heart.
这边人口少地方大，每家的房子和别人家都隔开有一段距离，而这两家怎么看都像是原本一个大院子隔成了两个小院子。
The population here is small and the place is large, and each house is separated from other people's houses by some distance, and these two houses look like a large yard separated into two small yards.
这种事在乡下也时常发生，兄弟长大要结婚生子，地方不够住，就在院子里的空地上再新盖房子，然后再用围墙隔开，就是两户人家了。
This kind of thing often happens in the countryside, when the brothers grow up to get married and have children, and there is not enough place to live, so they build a new house in the open space in the courtyard, and then separate it by a wall, and it is two families.
可这么一来，他们就不好判断那海盗藏宝到底是在哥哥家的围墙下面，还是在弟弟家的围墙下面。而且这围墙有一圈，谁知道东西到底是在哪边的围墙下面？
But in this way, they could not tell whether the pirate treasure was under the walls of the elder brother's house or under the walls of the younger brother's house. And there is a circle around this wall, who knows under which side of the wall the thing is?
雷木低声询问章绘，东西藏在哪边围墙。 Lei Mu asked Zhang Hua in a low voice, where the things were hidden in the wall.
章绘摇头，小声回：“我不知道，那人就说了在围墙下面，其他都没来得及说。我发誓我一个字都没骗你们，否则让我不得好死。”
Zhang Hui shook his head and whispered: "I don't know, the man just said that he was under the wall, and he didn't have time to say anything else." I swear I didn't lie to you a word, or I wouldn't have died a good death. ”
雷木施展眼术，目光扫过两家正前方的围墙上下，没看到任何特殊能量团。
Lei Mu used his eye skills, his gaze swept over and down the walls directly in front of the two houses, and he didn't see any special energy clusters.
他又借着欣赏这边房屋的借口，围着这两家走了一圈，还是什么异常都没有发现。
He took advantage of admiring the houses here and walked around the two houses, but he still didn't find anything abnormal.
这有两种可能。 There are two possibilities for this.
一种是那名海盗藏的财物只是钱币和普通宝石一类，或者是不记名钱卡。这类物品的能量反应就和普通泥土石砖差不多，雷木无法清楚分辨。
One is that the pirate's possession is nothing more than coins and ordinary gems, or bearer money cards. The energy response of such items is similar to that of ordinary earth, stone and bricks, and Lei Mu cannot clearly distinguish them.
还有一种就是章绘说谎，这里根本没有什么海盗藏宝。 There is also a kind of Zhang Hui lying, there is no pirate treasure here at all.
“哥，我看这边房子要比集市那边还有村西口的都好，要么让这位大哥再问问吧。”王叶拉了拉雷木的手。
"Brother, I think the houses here are better than those in the market and the west entrance of the village, or let this big brother ask again." Wang Ye took Raleimu's hand.
王叶只看雷木表情就知道他没在围墙那边发现什么。 Wang Ye only looked at Lei Mu's expression and knew that he hadn't found anything on the other side of the wall.
租房子是目前的上策，如果租不下来，也没什么，大不了他们就辛苦点，等夜黑风高来做小贼，然后再根据两户人家的损失来补偿两家。
Renting a house is the best policy at the moment, if you can't rent it, it's nothing, it's a big deal, they will work harder, wait for the night to be a thief, and then compensate the two families according to the loss of the two families.
雷木意会，示意弹珠再去问问那些人家，就说他们愿意提高租金。
Lei Mu agreed, motioned for marbles to ask the people again, and said that they were willing to raise the rent.
“你们愿意提高多少？” "How much are you willing to improve?"
“这边租一个小院子，一个月要三十到五十银币是吧？”
"Renting a small courtyard here costs thirty to fifty silver coins a month, right?"
弹珠点头。 Marbles nodded.
雷木略一沉吟：“如果地方还行，能让我和我弟住得舒服，便是一个月一金也可以。但这个价格一间房不行，必须是整栋房，带院子。”
Lei Mu sighed slightly: "If the place is okay and can make my brother and I live comfortably, it can be a gold a month." But this price is not good for a room, it must be a whole house, with a yard. ”
王叶一指目标家，“先问这家。旁边那家家里有人生病，不太好。”
Wang Ye pointed to the target's home, "Ask this first." Someone in the family next to me was sick and not very good. ”
弹珠也没感到奇怪，这是很正常的想法，只要条件许可，谁也不想住病人住过的房子。
Marbles wasn't surprised, it was a normal thought, and no one wanted to live in the house where the patient had lived, as long as the conditions permitted.
财帛动人心，弹珠用这个价格再去询问目标人家，那家人就动摇了。
The wealth is moving, and if the marbles use this price to ask the target family, the family will be shaken.
他们跑去和隔壁的哥哥家商量，想要和哥哥家挤一个月，当然不是白住，他们愿意拿出租金的三分之一给哥哥家。
They went to negotiate with their brother's house next door, wanting to squeeze in with their brother's house for a month, of course, not for nothing, they were willing to give one-third of the rent to their brother's house.
缺钱的哥哥家没怎么犹豫就同意了。 The elder brother, who was short of money, agreed without much hesitation.
“你们什么时候搬走？越快越好。”雷木道。 "When are you moving out? The sooner the better. "Thunderwood Road.
“我们今天就搬，明天早上你们来就能住进去，来的时候直接来隔壁找我们拿钥匙就行。”弟弟家的女主人喜滋滋地道。
"We'll move today, and you'll be able to move in tomorrow morning, and when you come, just come next door and get the key." The hostess of my brother's house was happy.
“好。”雷木让弹珠做中人，先付了两个银币的定金，说好明天过来时把房租和押金一次性全部付清。
"Okay." Lei Mu asked Marble to be the middle man, paid a deposit of two silver coins first, and said that he would pay the rent and deposit in full at once when he came over tomorrow.
事情到此还算顺利，如果这两栋房子的围墙下真有价值不菲的海盗藏宝，那么给出一个金币并不算多。
Things are going well so far, and if there really is a valuable pirate treasure under the walls of these two houses, then giving one gold coin is not too much.
如果没有，他们就再把房子转租给有需要的商人和旅人，就算不能把钱全部收回来，想来也不会赔出太多。
If not, they sublet the house to merchants and travelers in need, and if they can't get it all back, they won't lose much.
再不行，他们自己留着住一个月也行，总比和海沟村那么多人挤在一起好。
If it doesn't work, they can stay for a month, it's better than huddle with so many people in Haigou Village.
王叶和雷木谁都没有担心他们现在几乎是身无分文的现状。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu were not worried about their current situation of almost pennilessness.
雷木打算鲨鱼的事一解决，就进山打猎。这海草岛比海沟岛大了三五倍，岛上山峦和树林也更多，他之前也从弹珠口中了解到，这里大型野兽不少，有些比较特殊的野兽，像是巨蟒一类，如果能抓到活的，能卖到很高的价钱。
As soon as the matter of the shark is settled, Remu plans to go hunting in the mountains. This seagrass island is three or five times larger than Trench Island, and there are more mountains and woods on the island, and he has also learned from marbles before that there are many large beasts here, and some of the more special beasts, such as giant pythons, can be sold for a very high price if they can be caught alive.
章绘脸色有些古怪，偷看王叶的眼中有一丝不解。 Zhang Hui's face was a little strange, and there was a trace of confusion in his eyes when he peeked at Wang Ye.
就他亲身体会和观察，他还以为这个小男孩九成是某位大药师的弟子。
Based on his personal experience and observation, he also thought that this little boy was a disciple of a certain great medicine master.
如果真是这样，为什么这小孩不跟哥哥家提看伤的事？ If this is the case, why didn't the child mention the injury to his brother's family?
如果他能给哥哥家的家主治疗，不就不用付这一个金币了吗？说不定还能被那家人邀请住到他们家中。
If he can treat the head of his brother's family, won't he have to pay this one gold coin? Maybe you can be invited by the family to live in their home.
或者这小孩只会杀死寄生虫和只知晓少数几种草药？压根就不会治疗骨伤？
Or is this kid only able to kill parasites and know only a few herbs? Won't treat bone injuries at all?
章绘的眼睛又在王叶的左胳膊上转了一圈。 Zhang Hui's eyes swirled around Wang Ye's left arm again.
昨天他看到这男孩时，他左边胳膊还裹着一个奇怪的圆筒状物品，就吊在脖子上。前面他偷窥这对兄弟，也看到男孩手臂上缠着树枝，这说明他的手臂骨头肯定受伤了。
When he saw the boy yesterday, he was still wrapped in a strange cylindrical object around his left arm, hanging from his neck. Earlier, he spied on the brothers and saw the boy with a twig wrapped around his arm, indicating that his arm bones must have been injured.
可一夜过去，男孩就把手臂上的古怪东西取下，两只小胳膊甩来甩去也不见有什么不便。
But after the night passed, the boy removed the strange thing from his arm, and there was no inconvenience in throwing his two little arms around.
他不知道男孩是什么时候伤了手臂，但能好得像没受伤一样，本事总不会太差吧？
He didn't know when the boy had injured his arm, but if he was too good to be injured, it wouldn't be too bad, right?
章绘就觉得这个小孩是个谜，他完全看不懂。 Zhang Hui felt that this child was a mystery, and he couldn't understand it at all.
王叶当然不会告诉章绘，在昨天，他断掉的胳膊就已经好得差不多，昨晚他和雷木服下了第三次药泥的提炼精华液，做了最后一次巩固。既然身体恢复，那用来保护和固定骨头的药泥石膏绷带自然就没了必要。
Of course, Wang Ye wouldn't tell Zhang Hui that yesterday, his broken arm was almost as good as it was, and last night he and Lei Mu took the third medicinal mud refining essence and did the last consolidation. Now that the body has recovered, the medicated mud plaster bandage used to protect and fix the bones is naturally unnecessary.
至于为什么不跟那女主人提他能治疗骨伤的事，只不过是火候还没到。他一个陌生人，还这么小，且只要打听一下就知道他是从海沟岛来的，这要让当地人怎么相信他能比得过他们的药师学徒？
As for why he didn't mention to the mistress that he could heal his bones, it was just that the time had not yet come. He was a stranger, so young, and he only had to inquire to know that he was from Trench Island, how could the locals believe that he could compare to their pharmacist apprentice?
为此，王叶原本打算房子租不到的话，这一个月就在集市摆摊当游方药师，主推药泥石膏绷带，主治骨伤，等打出名声后，让那家人自己来找他们。
For this reason, Wang Ye originally planned that if the house could not be rented, he would set up a stall in the market this month as a traveling pharmacist, mainly promoting medicinal mud gypsum bandages, treating bone injuries, and after making a reputation, let the family come to them by themselves.
现在弟弟家的房子顺利租到了，如果他们能在弟弟家的围墙下面挖出海盗藏宝最好，如果不能，他们再把治疗骨伤的摊子摆起来，然后再看怎么忽悠那家人，让他们把房子腾空一两天。
Now that the brother's house has been rented smoothly, it would be best if they could dig up the pirate treasure under the walls of the brother's house, and if not, they would put up a stall to treat bone injuries, and then see how to fool the family into vacating the house for a day or two.
唉，王叶现在特别想念他上辈子自配的瞌睡粉，效果特别好，迷人昏睡不伤身，醒来后也不会察觉自己被人迷昏过。如果他现在有瞌睡粉在手，还需要这么麻烦吗？
Alas, Wang Ye now misses the self-contained drowsiness powder in his previous life, the effect is particularly good, the charming coma does not hurt the body, and he will not realize that he has been stunned when he wakes up. If he has drowsy powder in hand now, does he need to be so troublesome?
也许他可以去这边的药草铺子看看有没有能配置瞌睡粉的材料？
王叶想到就做，当即就让弹珠带路，去西边的街市逛了逛。
在这里，王叶看到了该村唯一的药师学徒开的草药铺。
王叶把铺子里一些摆在外面的药草看了看，没找到他想要的材料，倒是看出了这名药师学徒处理药草的能力。
总体来说不算太差，也就外面那些药师学徒的平均水平。但如果他敢把药草处理成这样，还敢拿出去卖，他保证会被他师父一脚踢出师门。
王叶就跟普通外来游客一样，转了一圈什么都没买就离开了。他不是看不上这里的药草，而是没钱，买不起。
穷鬼三人招致了坐在柜台里的药师学徒一个大大的白眼。向导弹珠就没进门，他已经单方面和这个药师学徒结了仇。
等时间差不多，雷木跟弹珠结了向导费，给了他十个铜币。喜得家里有矿的大男孩连声道谢，还让两人有什么事可以随时找他——这位还没死掉找超凡之路的心。
王叶倒是想多给这名老乡一些报酬，但在付出那两个银币定金后，他和雷木的全部现金财产就只剩下十六个铜币，如今只剩下六个。
这六个铜币，王叶在路上买了四个大肉包子，给雷木两个，他和章绘一人一个。
到此，他们身上的钱全部花完。
就在王叶三人往村西头赶的时候，鲨鱼带着今天的鱼获回来了。
看到船锚竟然坐在他家门口的石头上，鲨鱼愣了好一会儿，突然，他脸上绽出了狂喜之色。就好像快要渴死的人，终于见到了一汪清泉：“叔，你来了。”
船锚尽量用平常一样的语气回道：“嗯，来看看你。正好村里提前来集市，我没什么事，就过来看看你们过得怎么样。”
沙姐担忧地看向丈夫，鲨鱼没跟她说任何话，表现得十分冷漠。
两个孩子也不敢扑过去叫爹，扒着母亲的腿，偷看父亲。
鲨鱼原地转了两圈，上前一把抓住船锚的手：“叔，你跟我来，我们边走边说。”
船锚一直在防备鲨鱼，但鲨鱼的速度超过他的预料，他明明看到对方伸出手，却没能避过去。
被鲨鱼抓住手腕，船锚差点在心里喊“完了”。
还好他并没有感觉到手腕有什么异样，只是鲨鱼很用力，让他不得不跟着一起走。
两人快要走到小溪边，鲨鱼确定他妻子不可能听见他说话后，才松开船锚的手腕，满脸焦躁地道：“叔，我有个请求。”
“你说。”船锚非常注意地小心和鲨鱼拉开距离。
鲨鱼像是没有注意到船锚的警惕，烦躁地说道：“我想求村子让我妻子和孩子回去。他们没有过错，错的是我和我弟。等回去后，你们让沙姐改嫁，我知道村里有不少小子到现在还喜欢她。只要他们愿意给我孩子一口饭吃，沙姐自己也愿意，那就让她嫁。那艘渔船和家里所有东西也让她带回去。”
船锚不知该说什么了，鲨鱼这人就算有种种问题，他对自己家人是真的没话说。
“鲨鱼，我们明人不说暗话，你为什么要让你妻子和孩子回去？你呢？以后就留在海草村？”
“不，我不会留下。昨天我遇到了一艘商船，他们需要健壮的水手，我打算跟他们走。”鲨鱼扭头不看船锚的脸。
船锚抬头看太阳，心想小叶子怎么还不来，他这也不好和鲨鱼摊牌，如果鲨鱼身体中的寄生虫能感知，提前逃跑或者影响鲨鱼做些什么，那就麻烦了。
沙姐也在期盼王叶和雷木赶紧来。
船锚拖延时间，询问鲨鱼那艘商船是哪里来的，做的什么生意。
鲨鱼越回答越不耐烦，说话也有些颠三倒四，到最后甚至吼起来：“够了！你问这么多干什么？我就问你能不能把我老婆孩子带回村里？”
船锚看到鲨鱼一双眼睛布满血丝，原本还算端正的脸也肌肉扭曲起来，心跳飞快。
船锚：你表现得这么明显，我还得硬忍着假装不知道你有问题，你知道我有多难受吗？
“鲨鱼，我可以答应你。你不要急。”船锚试图安抚他。
鲨鱼一听船锚同意把他老婆孩子带回村，当即高兴地道：“谢谢叔，以前我混蛋，你别放在心上。这样，别等了，你马上就带他们离开。”
“市集还没开，我们不会那么快回去。”船锚不断看路口，期盼小叶子早点出现。
鲨鱼表情变得凶狠，但不一会儿，他又忍耐一样地道：“对，还有集市，那你就带他们去集市那边住，等走的时候带他们一起走。今晚，不，现在！马上就带他们离开！”
“好，我这就跟沙姐说，让她收拾一下……小叶子！”船锚发出了惊喜的叫声，举手对走过来的三人拼命挥舞。
沙姐抱着孩子站在远处，她本来也想过来，但王叶阻止了她。
沙姐为了孩子着想，只能怀着担心留在原地等待。
王叶一走到两人面前，就看向鲨鱼，看了一会儿，忽然说道：“你感觉到了对吗？”
第37章 变异
鲨鱼横眉竖目，就好像要发火一样，但他又硬生生忍住，按住跳个不停的太阳穴，粗着嗓子道：“小孩子家家的，跑这边来干什么，赶紧走！”
王叶意外地挑挑眉。
船锚赶紧把鲨鱼刚才嘱托他的事说了，然后悄悄站到了雷木身侧。他不怕鲨鱼，但他怕被虫子寄生。如果不是时机不对，他恨不得让小叶子马上给他检查看看。
王叶重新打量鲨鱼。
章绘抬起头，也盯着鲨鱼看。
雷木则貌似轻松地站在一边，但王叶知道，雷木已经做好了出击准备。
上辈子木头哪怕变成傀儡，他的战斗素养也高得可怕，他的战斗技能和对杀气等的敏感性已经变成本能。
鲨鱼被几人看得浑身不舒服，恨不得……把他们撕碎吸干！
不！这不是他的想法。鲨鱼全身冒出冷汗，不知道是不是过于紧张，他眼前还出现了重影。
“坚持住！你的意志很顽强，想想你的妻子，想想你的孩子。如果你放弃了，你的妻子就会变成别人的妻子，你的孩子也会叫别人爹。而你真的希望别人睡你的老婆，打你的孩子，用你的家产吗？”
鲨鱼额头和脖子上崩出老粗的青筋，一双眼睛变得血红，双手更是握成了拳头。
王叶一步步接近鲨鱼，他没有任何夸大，被孵化后的寄生虫母虫寄生，六小时内是最佳救治时间，这还是他出手的情况。
如果超过六个小时，寄生虫母虫的肉体基本已经和被寄生体融合，包括意识。只不过有人意志力顽强，就算身体和寄生虫彻底融合，意识还能维持更长时间，比如鲨鱼，但也不会坚持太长时间。
寄生虫母虫的精神力要比普通人强大，哪怕它只有一级。
鲨鱼的意志力和精神力比他料想得要顽强得多，竟然坚持了将近三天两夜。
而在这种情况下，想要把人救回来，只有一个方法，那就是击溃寄生虫母虫的精神力源。
但这也有一定危险性，如果被寄生体的精神力已经开始和寄生虫母虫融合，那么当他击溃寄生虫的精神力源时，也会连带伤害到被寄生体的精神力源，搞不好人救回来也变成白痴了。
“不要被你脑中的声音蛊惑，你和它融合不是进化，而是彻底死亡，你的身体和灵魂都会成为那只虫子的养料。如果你把自己的身体交给它，你不会变强，你只会变成怪物，你也无法保护自己的家人，你的家人只会成为你的食物，乃至幼虫孵化的养料。”
王叶走到了拼命抗争脑中意识的鲨鱼身边，只差一步，他就能碰到鲨鱼。
鲨鱼眼球忽然旋转了一下，他忍不住张嘴，一根与蚊子口器类似的吸管忽然从他喉咙内伸出，又被他硬吞了回去。
The shark's eyes suddenly spun, and he couldn't help but open his mouth, and a straw similar to the mouthparts of a mosquito suddenly protruded from his throat and was swallowed back by him.
船锚惊呆了：“这、这是什么？鲨鱼也要变成怪物了吗？”
The anchor was stunned: "This—What is this?" Are sharks going to turn monsters too? ”
雷木横看他。 Reimi looked at him.
船锚一把捂住自己的嘴，意识到自己说错了话。 The anchor covered his mouth and realized that he had said the wrong thing.
果然，鲨鱼听到了船锚的话，身体都开始急剧颤抖起来，而他脑中那个声音不断跟他说：“我们现在才是同类，你和我融合才有未来，否则你在别人眼中就是怪物。你的妻子和孩子都会厌恶你、排斥你，甚至想要杀死你。和我融合，我们合二为一，我就是你，你就是我，我们才能变得真正完美，到时候没有任何人敢再说你是怪物。”
Sure enough, when the shark heard the anchor's words, his body began to tremble sharply, and the voice in his head kept telling him: "We are the same kind now, and you and I will have a future by merging, otherwise you will be a monster in the eyes of others." Your wife and children will loathe you, reject you, and even want to kill you. Merge with me, we become one, I am you, you are me, we can become truly perfect, and no one will dare to say that you are a monster again. ”
鲨鱼不知道自己发出了可怕的吼叫声。 The shark didn't know it was letting out a terrible roar.
小溪距离村西口居住地并不远，好多人都听到了这宛如野兽的可怕叫声，不少人跑出房子想要找到声音来源。
The creek was not far from the west entrance of the village, and many people heard the terrible cry of a wild beast, and many people ran out of the house to find the source of the sound.
三个地球玩家聚集在一起兴奋地道：“是不是有怪兽？我们能打怪兽吗？会掉落功法和武器吗？”
The three Earth players gathered together and said excitedly, "Is there a monster?" Can we fight monsters? Will they drop exercises and weapons? ”
“走，去找找看。”弹珠最积极。 "Let's go, go find out." Marbles are the most positive.
“等等，我去拿武器。”这名玩家的话提醒了另外两人，三人一起返回屋里，各找了一根自制木鱼叉带了出来。
"Wait, I'll go get the weapon." The player's words alerted the other two, and the three returned to the house together, each finding a homemade wooden harpoon and bringing it out.
沙姐急得脸都红了，她的小女儿忽然哭泣起来，嘴里还叫着：“爹……爹爹……”
Sister Sha was so anxious that her face turned red, and her little daughter suddenly began to cry, and her mouth was still crying: "Dad...... Daddy......"
大儿子趁沙姐不注意，拔腿就向声音传来的方向跑，他听得出来，那是父亲的吼声。
The eldest son took advantage of Sister Sha's inattention, pulled his legs and ran in the direction where the sound came from, and he could hear that it was his father's roar.
小溪边，王叶直视鲨鱼的眼睛，把自己的精神力提到最高：“跟我说，你想打败它！相信我，我可以帮助你打败它。只要你能把这只寄生虫的意识杀死，它的身体就能化为你的养分。就算你模样有所改变，但你还是你，你的灵魂仍旧是你！有你保护你的妻子，没有任何人敢伤害他们。”
By the stream, Wang Ye looked directly into the shark's eyes and raised his spiritual power to the highest: "Tell me, you want to defeat it!" Trust me, I can help you beat it. As long as you can kill this parasite's consciousness, its body will be able to turn into your nourishment. Even if your appearance changes, you are still you, and your soul is still you! With you to protect your wife, no one dares to harm them. ”
王叶突然大声喊船锚的名字：“船锚大叔，如果鲨鱼还能保持自我，不管他变成什么样，村里都愿意让他回去，对不对？”
Wang Ye suddenly shouted the name of the anchor: "Uncle Anchor, if the shark can still keep himself, no matter what he becomes, the village is willing to let him go back, right?" ”
船锚有过一次失误就绝不会再有第二次，当即就非常肯定地道：“当然！我们村巴不得有强者守护，只要鲨鱼还是鲨鱼，不管他变成什么样，村子都是他的家。而且他前面杀死那个用村子秘密威胁他的人，保护了村子，这是将功赎罪，如今村里非常欢迎他回去。我这次过来，其实不只是想看他们生活得怎样，更是想劝他们回去，只是不知道该怎么开口。”
If the anchor has made one mistake, there will never be a second one, and he immediately said with great certainty: "Of course! As long as the shark is still a shark, no matter what becomes of him, the village will be his home. Moreover, he killed the person who threatened him with the secret of the village and protected the village, which was a atonement for his crimes, and now the village welcomes him back. I came here this time, not only to see how they were doing, but also to persuade them to go back, but I didn't know how to speak. ”
鲨鱼脸上神情挣扎。 The shark had a struggling look on its face.
船锚见此，立马对鲨鱼大声喊：“鲨鱼，抵抗住，你行的！你的妻子和孩子，还有村里的人都在等着你回去！”
Seeing this, the anchor immediately shouted to the shark: "Shark, resist, you can do it!" Your wife and children, as well as the people of the village, are waiting for you to go back! ”
“啊——！”鲨鱼狂叫一通，用力捶打自己的脑袋，强行压下脑中意识，噗通在王叶面前跪下：“救……我……，我不想……变成……怪物。”
"Ah——!h The shark screamed wildly, beat his head hard, forcibly suppressed the consciousness in his head, and knelt down in front of Wang Ye: "Help...... I ......, I don't want to...... Become...... Monster. ”
“我在，你绝不会变成怪物，现在开始，一心想着你的妻儿，其他什么都不要想。”王叶在接下游戏系统发布的即时任务后，立刻握住了鲨鱼的手，因果线也一股脑冲向鲨鱼体内。
"I'm here, you'll never become a monster, from now on, think about your wife and children, and don't think about anything else." After Wang Ye took over the instant task issued by the game system, he immediately held the shark's hand, and the cause and effect line also rushed into the shark's body.
这对别人来说也许是很危险的动作，但对于王叶……他自然是有把握才敢这么做。
This may be a very dangerous move for others, but for Wang Ye...... Naturally, he dared to do so with certainty.
别人找不到已经和鲨鱼身体融合的寄生虫意识，但王叶又不是用眼睛去找，他是用因果线。
Others couldn't find the parasite consciousness that had fused with the shark's body, but Wang Ye didn't use his eyes to find it, he used the causal line.
只要和他产生因果，不管对方变成什么样、躲到哪里，都会被因果线找到。
As long as you have cause and effect with him, no matter what the other party becomes or where he hides, he will be found by the cause and effect line.
雷木简直就像是和王叶心有灵犀，在王叶的因果线发现并缠住血吸虫母虫的精神力的同时，他也抬起手，口念秘诀：“困！”
Lei Mu was like having a heart with Wang Ye, and at the same time that Wang Ye's causal line discovered and entangled the spiritual power of the schistosomiasis mother, he also raised his hand and recited the secret: "Sleepy!" ”
一个古老字符从雷木脸上飘起，迅速笼罩并束缚住鲨鱼。
An ancient character floated up from Raigi's face, quickly enveloping and restraining the shark.
鲨鱼身体立刻不能动了，就算血吸虫母虫想要操控鲨鱼身体来对付王叶也做不到了。
The shark's body immediately couldn't move, even if the schistosoma mother wanted to manipulate the shark's body to deal with Wang Ye, she couldn't do it.
章绘看得很兴奋，有人落到跟他一样的情况，他还记得当时被困住的感觉，那滋味可不好受。
Zhang Hui was very excited, someone fell into the same situation as him, and he still remembered the feeling of being trapped at that time, and it was not pleasant.
王叶顺着血吸虫母虫的精神力，非常轻松地就找到了它的精神力源。
Wang Ye followed the spiritual power of the schistosoma mother worm and found the source of its spiritual power very easily.
值得庆幸的是，这只寄生虫的精神力虽然一定程度感染了鲨鱼，但鲨鱼竟然有天生的精神力屏障，硬是撑住了没让血吸虫母虫的精神力源侵袭进来。
虽然鲨鱼的精神力屏障已经濒临破碎，但一切都还来得及。
Although the shark's spiritual power barrier was on the verge of shattering, it was still too late.
王叶的精神力死死缠住了血吸虫母虫的精神力源，并一头扎入其中。
Wang Ye's spiritual power entangled the spiritual power source of the schistosoma mother worm and plunged into it.
【冤冤相报】发动，击溃，吸收。 [Retribution] launches, defeats, and absorbs.
这是他个人的一个小秘密。这些虫子的精神力就是他的养料，也是他上辈子精神力会提升飞快、在游戏中后来者居上的主要原因之一。
It's a little personal secret for him. The spiritual power of these insects is his nourishment, and it is also one of the main reasons why his spiritual power will improve rapidly in his previous life and become the latecomer in the game.
当村西口的管事带着一批人找到小溪边时，就见来自海沟村的鲨鱼正和几个人说话，怀里还抱着他的大儿子。
When the steward at the west entrance of the village led a group of people to the stream, he saw the shark from the village of the trench talking to several people, still holding his eldest son in his arms.
小男孩紧紧搂住父亲的脖子，眼睛红通通的。太好了，父亲又变回来了，他的病治好了。
The little boy hugged his father's neck tightly, his eyes red. Great, my father has come back and his illness has been cured.
鲨鱼脸上身上全是汗，像是刚才做过什么剧烈运动，看到管事人过来，还对他扬了扬手。
The shark's face was covered with sweat, as if he had just done some strenuous exercise, and when he saw the steward coming, he raised his hand at him.
管事干脆走过来，问：“你们刚才有没有听到什么怪叫声？”
The steward simply walked over and asked, "Did you hear any strange screams just now?" ”
鲨鱼轻拍儿子的背心，不在意地道：“听到了，我们刚才就想着是什么东西，追了过来。我家就住在这边，我两个崽子还那么小，如果真有什么凶残的野兽过来就太危险了。可惜对方速度太快，我们来迟一步，什么都没看到。”
The shark patted his son's vest and said nonchalantly, "I heard it, we just thought about what it was and chased after it." My family lives here, and my two cubs are still so young, it would be too dangerous for some ferocious beast to come. It's a pity that the other party is too fast, we came one step too late, and we didn't see anything. ”
管事一听怪兽跑了，松了口气，这才注意到船锚这张眼熟的脸：“你是……”
The steward breathed a sigh of relief when he heard that the monster had run away, and then noticed the familiar face of the anchor: "You are ......"
“我是海沟村的渔船长船锚。”船锚笑呵呵地道：“我们村鲨鱼和他一家让你们费心照顾了。要我说鲨鱼也就是想太多了，他弟犯错和他这个做兄长的又没有多大关系，他还非要把老婆孩子一起带出来。这不，我们村长让我这次过来好好跟他说说，外面再好，总不如自己家里，再说村里也需要他这样的青壮。”
"I'm the captain of the fishing boat anchor in Trench Village." The anchor smiled and said, "The shark in our village and his family have let you bother to take care of it. If you want me to say that the shark is thinking too much, his brother's mistake has little to do with him as a brother, and he still has to bring his wife and children out together. No, our village chief asked me to come over this time and tell him that no matter how good it is outside, it is better to be at home, and besides, the village also needs a young man like him. ”
船锚就跟居委会大妈一样，转头又对鲨鱼唠叨：“鲨鱼啊，你就别拧了，你不为自己着想，也要为你老婆孩子着想。你看看你出去打渔，你老婆都不敢离开家里一步，就怕孩子没人照看，被人抱走。这要在村里，会有这样的事吗？”
The anchor was like the aunt of the neighborhood committee, turning her head and nagging at the shark: "Shark, don't screw it, you don't think about yourself, you have to think about your wife and children." Look at you when you go out fishing, your wife doesn't dare to leave the house for fear that the child will be taken away by someone who will not take care of it. This is going to be in the village, can there be such a thing? ”
船锚不等海草村的管事发表意见，又笑呵呵地对管事说：“我不是说你们这儿不安全。只是一年一次的大集，你们村防守再严密，也禁不住一些黑心肝的，往年总会有孩子、少女和青壮丢失，我这也是担心我们村人，兄弟见谅呵。”
The anchor did not wait for the steward of Seagrass Village to express his opinion, and said to the steward with a smile: "I'm not saying that you are not safe here. It's just a big gathering once a year, no matter how tightly defended your village is, you can't help some black-hearted people, in previous years, there will always be children, girls and young people lost, I'm also worried about our village, brother, forgive me. ”
管事还能说什么，只能一脸体谅地对鲨鱼说：“也是。鲨鱼，你好好想想吧，虽然咱们村是不错，但想要进村生活，你还得熬个几年。如果不是什么真不能解开的事，回去也是条路，你看你们村的渔船长都亲自来劝你了。”
What else could the steward say, he could only say to the shark with a considerate face: "Yes." Shark, think about it, although our village is good, but if you want to live in the village, you have to stay up for a few years. If it's not something that can't be solved, it's a way back, and you see that the captain of the fishing boat in your village has personally come to persuade you. ”
鲨鱼借坡下驴，点头道：“谢谢叔，我会仔细考虑。” The shark borrowed the slope to get off the donkey, nodded and said, "Thank you, uncle, I will think about it carefully." ”
管事带着人离开了，鲨鱼担心妻子，再三和王叶道谢后，抱着大儿子抬腿就往家跑。
The steward left with someone, and the shark was worried about his wife, and after thanking Wang Ye repeatedly, he ran home with his eldest son in his arms.
船锚长长吁出一口气，慢悠悠地跟在王叶身边，满脸感叹地说：“哎呀我的亲娘！竟然救回来了，你们看到了吗，鲨鱼他……如果他肯回村，我们村也要多个强者了。”
The anchor chief let out a long breath, followed Wang Ye slowly, and said with a sigh on his face: "Oh, my mother-in-law! He was rescued, did you see it, shark him...... If he is willing to return to the village, our village will also have many strong people. ”
说着，船锚竟然嘿嘿笑起来。 As he spoke, the anchor actually laughed.
王叶很想跟个哥们一样拍拍他的肩膀，但因为高度不够，只能改为拍拍人家的胳膊。
Wang Ye wanted to pat him on the shoulder like a buddy, but because the height was not enough, he could only pat someone's arm instead.
船锚抬手就揉了揉他的脑袋，“小叶子啊，大恩不言谢，你的恩情，我们全村都记下了。”
The anchor raised his hand and rubbed his head, "Little Yezi, thank you for your kindness, our whole village has recorded your kindness." ”
王叶脸黑了。他这个破年龄，谁都能揉他的头！ Wang Ye's face darkened. At his broken age, anyone can rub his head!
雷木顺手就把王叶拉到自己身边。 Lei Mu easily pulled Wang Ye to his side.
“对了，小叶子你能不能帮叔看看，之前鲨鱼有抓着我不放，我怕……”船锚也没觉得丢脸，多多检查，以防万一嘛。
"By the way, Xiaoyezi, can you help my uncle take a look, the shark caught me before, I'm afraid of ......" The anchor didn't feel ashamed, check more, just in case.
王叶想说寄生虫在和寄生体融合期内，为了能尽快和寄生体融合并改造寄生体，极少会浪费能量去产卵。只有母虫能量多的用不完，或者收到上级必须产卵的命令，或者想要抛弃寄生体，抑或遇到极端危险快死了，才会产卵。
Wang Ye wanted to say that during the period of parasite fusion, in order to be able to fuse with the parasite as soon as possible and transform the parasite, it is very rare to waste energy to lay eggs. Only when the mother worm has too much energy to use up, or receives an order from her superiors to lay eggs, or wants to abandon the parasite, or is about to die in extreme danger, will she lay eggs.
但这些事目前还处在未揭开状态，他也不能表现得对寄生虫族太了解，就顺着船锚的意思给他检查了一下。
But these things were still unrevealed, and he couldn't pretend to know too much about the parasites, so he checked him according to the anchor.
“没有，你身体内没有寄生虫卵，也没有寄生虫。” "No, you don't have parasite eggs in your body, and you don't have parasites."
船锚安心了，又继续“我的娘、我的海神爷爷”的不断感叹。
The anchor was relieved, and continued to sigh "my mother, my Poseidon grandfather".
章绘跟在后面，没人看着他，大家好像都遗忘了他，但他似乎完全没有逃跑的意思，低着头踩着王叶的小小脚印，一步一步。
Zhang Hui followed behind, no one looked at him, everyone seemed to have forgotten him, but he didn't seem to have the intention of running away at all, he lowered his head and stepped on Wang Ye's small footprints, step by step.
地球三玩家满脸兴奋地握着木制鱼叉与几人擦肩而过。 The Earth Three players rubbed shoulders with a few people with wooden harpoons on their faces excited.
弹珠认出他刚才的雇主，还热情地对他们打了个招呼。 Marbles recognized his employer and greeted them warmly.
王叶也对他扬手：“你们去捕鱼？” Wang Ye also raised his hand to him: "You are going fishing? ”
弹珠兴奋地道：“不，我们去抓怪兽。等等，你们从那边过来，有看到什么怪兽吗？”
Marbles excitedly said, "No, let's go catch the monsters." Wait, did you see any monsters from over there? ”
王叶摇头：“没看到，对方跑得太快。” Wang Ye shook his head: "I didn't see it, the other party ran too fast." ”
弹珠脸垮了，浑身的力气都像是卸掉了：“怎么跑得这么快，我的功法书、我的武器，呜呜~”
The marble's face collapsed, and the strength of his whole body seemed to be unloaded: "Why did you run so fast, my exercise book, my weapon, woo~"
另外两名玩家则凑过来和王叶说话，很想从小朋友手中再骗……啊呸，是再领一个好做的任务。
The other two players came over to talk to Wang Ye, and they wanted to deceive the children again...... Ahh
王叶也不知道自己能不能给玩家发布任务，他也是一时脑抽加好奇，张嘴就道：“三位大哥，我和我家人还没吃晚饭，但我不想再吃鱼了，能请你们帮忙打两只山货吗？野鸡、野兔，任何野货都可以。我可以付你们报酬。”
Wang Ye didn't know if he could issue a task to the player, he was also curious for a while, and opened his mouth and said: "Three big brothers, my family and I haven't had dinner yet, but I don't want to eat fish anymore, can I ask you to help hunt two mountain goods?" Pheasants, hares, anything can be done. I can pay you. ”
三名玩家狂喜，他们同时收到了任务提醒，冲着王叶不住点头：“好好好，没问题，我们这就帮你去打野鸡！”
The three players were ecstatic, they received a task reminder at the same time, and nodded at Wang Ye: "Okay, okay, no problem, we'll help you hunt pheasants!" ”
王叶也收到系统提醒，表示他发布的任务已经被玩家“最会蹦的弹珠”、“脱缰的野狗”、“大侠已死”接下，当即心就黑了。
Wang Ye also received a reminder from the system, saying that the task he posted had been taken over by the player's "most jumpy marble", "wild dog on the loose", and "hero is dead", and his heart immediately darkened.
小孩很不好意思地对手指：“那个……我没什么钱，可以用我的玩具抵吗？不过至少要十只以上的收获，才能给哦。”
The child was embarrassed to point his finger: "That...... I don't have any money, can I use my toys to offset it? But at least ten or more harvests can be given. ”
三人头点得恨不得掉下来：“没问题！给什么都可以，不给都行。”
The three of them nodded their heads and wanted to fall: "No problem! You can give anything, you can't give anything. ”
砰，说这话的弹珠被另外两人打了。 Bang, the marbles that said this were hit by the other two.
王叶笑眯眯对三人挥手：“谢谢三位大哥哥，早去早回啊~”
Wang Ye smiled and waved to the three of them: "Thank you, three big brothers, go early and come back early~"
三人超级开心地往山里去了。 The three of them went super happily to the mountains.
船锚改了感叹词，冲着三傻的背影就夸：“多好的孩子啊，这三个娃要是我们村的就好了。不过脑子好像不太好的样子。”
The anchor changed the interjection, and praised the back of the three fools: "What a good child, it would be nice if these three babies were from our village." But the brain doesn't seem to be very good. ”
咚，王叶脑门也被人敲了。 Knock, Wang Ye's head was also knocked on.
雷木看王叶一脸困惑地仰头看他，淡淡道：“不要欺负老实人。”
Lei Mu looked up at Wang Ye with a confused expression, and said lightly: "Don't bully honest people." ”
王叶叫冤：“没啊！我是在给他们指路，让他们有变强的机会。”
Wang Ye shouted: "No! I'm showing them the way and giving them a chance to get stronger. ”
雷木回忆王叶刚才说的话，终于注意到玩具那个词，而王叶拥有的“玩具”又是什么。
Lei Mu recalled what Wang Ye had just said, and finally noticed the word toy, and what was the "toy" that Wang Ye had.
“你很喜欢他们？”雷木反应过来。 "You like them a lot?" Raimu reacted.
王叶哼唧，揉着脑门表示他受伤了。 Wang Ye snorted and rubbed his head to indicate that he was injured.
雷木啼笑皆非，给他揉了揉额头，但还是说道：“那东西别随便给，危险。”
Lei Mu laughed and rubbed his forehead, but still said, "Don't give that thing casually, it's dangerous." ”
王叶想说地球玩家什么都怕，就是不怕危险。但他不能说啊，只能表示他是看出其中一人有学魔法的天赋。
Wang Ye wanted to say that Earth players are afraid of everything, that is, they are not afraid of danger. But he couldn't say it, only that he saw that one of them had a talent for learning magic.
船锚听了这话，也来了兴趣，询问村里有没有人看起来像是有魔法天赋。
Hearing this, the anchor also became interested, and asked if there was anyone in the village who looked like they had a talent for magic.
章绘对海沟村人谁有魔法天赋完全不感兴趣，他现在只对他的小叶子主人感兴趣，还有那个同样命好，逃脱寄生虫控制的鲨鱼。
Zhang Hui is not interested in the people of Trench Village who have a talent for magic, he is now only interested in his little leaf master, and the shark who is also lucky enough to escape the control of the parasite.
章绘甚至有点羡慕鲨鱼，因为王叶在杀死那只寄生虫母虫后，明确跟鲨鱼说他的身体会因为血吸虫母虫的影响产生一定变异，这种变异并不完全是坏事，只要控制的好，就能变成自己的力量。
Zhang Hui was even a little envious of the shark, because after Wang Ye killed the parasite mother, he clearly told the shark that his body would have a certain mutation due to the influence of the schistosomiasis mother, and this mutation was not entirely a bad thing, as long as it was well controlled, it could become his own power.
章绘想如果主人救他的时间再迟一些，是不是他也能变异，从而得到远超普通人的能力？
Zhang Hui thought that if the master saved him later, would he also be able to mutate, so as to obtain abilities far beyond ordinary people?
王叶突然转头，抓着雷木的手臂，倒退着对章绘说：“你已经被改变了。当寄生虫在你身上孵化开始，它就在改变你。但你比鲨鱼幸运，你的身体外表并没有出现异化。异化不是坏事，但同样也不是好事，你应该感激自己的幸运。而且你和鲨鱼这样的幸运，并不是每一个人都能拥有。鲨鱼能坚持这么久，和他天生拥有精神力屏障也有很大关系，但你没有，你的精神力很脆弱。”
Wang Ye suddenly turned his head, grabbed Lei Mu's arm, and said backwards to Zhang Hui, "You have been changed. When the parasite begins to hatch in you, it is changing you. But you're luckier than a shark in that your physical appearance isn't alienated. Alienation is not a bad thing, but it is also not a good thing, and you should be grateful for your luck. And you and the shark are as lucky as not everyone can have. The fact that the shark can hold on for so long has a lot to do with the fact that he is born with a spiritual power barrier, but you don't, and your mental power is very fragile. ”
基因改变，怎么可能让人的意识和想法一点不变？人类很多潜意识想法，都是受到了基因影响。
How can genetic changes make people's consciousness and thoughts unchanged at all? Many of human subconscious thoughts are influenced by genes.
就像鲨鱼，他和血吸虫母虫融合，他的身体也被改造，今后，他变强的同时，也会受到血吸虫本能的影响，比如吸食血液乃至体液。
Just like a shark, he fuses with the mother schistosomiasis, and his body is also modified, and in the future, when he becomes stronger, he will also be affected by the instincts of the schistosome, such as sucking blood and even body fluids.
如果鲨鱼控制不住这样的原始欲望，他就算今天不会变成虫子，将来也会变成怪物。
If the shark can't control such primitive desires, he will become a monster in the future, if not a bug today.
“我的精神力很脆弱吗？”章绘眼露迷茫，似乎被打击到了。
"Is my mental power fragile?" Zhang Hui's eyes were confused, and he seemed to have been hit.
王叶实话实说：“对，你精神力脆弱，但你意志力顽强，而精神力可以后天提升。”
Wang Ye said honestly: "Yes, your mental power is fragile, but your willpower is tenacious, and your mental power can be improved. ”
章绘眼睛瞬间又明亮起来，原来精神力还能后天提高，那就好，只要有提高的可能，他就不会放弃。
Zhang Hui's eyes instantly brightened again, it turned out that his mental power could be improved the day after tomorrow, so good, as long as there was a possibility of improvement, he would not give up.
“谢谢主人夸奖。”章绘腼腆一笑，低下头。 "Thank you, host, for the compliment." Zhang Hui smiled shyly and lowered his head.
王叶摸着冒起的鸡皮疙瘩，特别后悔自己的多嘴。他只是怕这个人作妖再作死地去弄只寄生虫放到自己身上，就为了得到变异的力量，结果……这人只会选择他想听的内容。
Wang Ye touched the goosebumps that rose, and especially regretted his mouth. He was just afraid that this person would be a demon and die to get a parasite to put on himself, just to get the power of mutation, and the result was ...... This person will only choose what he wants to hear.
雷木忽然道：“要宰了他吗？” Lei Mu suddenly said, "Are you going to kill him?" ”
王叶毫不犹豫地道：“别费那个事，直接扔海里，我之前看到这片海域有鲨鱼。”
Wang Ye said without hesitation: "Don't bother with that, just throw it into the sea, I saw sharks in this sea area before." ”
章绘踩着王叶的小脚印，一声不吭，嘴角却含着笑。 Zhang Hui stepped on Wang Ye's small footprints, silently, but with a smile on the corner of his mouth.
第38章 找到藏宝 Chapter 38: Find the Hidden Treasure
鲨鱼最终决定带着妻子和孩子回去海沟村。 The shark eventually decided to return to Trench Village with his wife and children.
船锚的态度对他很重要，毕竟，他现在已经不能算是完全的人类，除了身体内部，他的外表也有些变异，最明显的就是他的眼睛。
The anchor's attitude is important to him, after all, he is no longer fully human, except for the inside of his body, his appearance is also somewhat mutated, the most obvious is his eyes.
今天没有被海草村人发现他的异样，不过是他站在背光处，又特意垂着眼皮。
Today, he was not noticed by the people of Seagrass Village, but he was standing in the backlight, and his eyelids were deliberately drooping.
幸好他的妻子没有因此排斥他，反而抱着他的头不住安慰他，还跟孩子们说父亲得到了海神的赐予变得更加厉害。
Fortunately, his wife did not reject him because of this, but held his head and comforted him, and told the children that his father had been blessed by the god of the sea to become more powerful.
妻子的包容和怜惜，是他最大的救赎。 His wife's tolerance and pity are his greatest salvation.
所有人中，鲨鱼最感激的就是王叶。王叶不但救了他，王叶更影响了周边人对他的看法。他很清楚，如果不是王叶对变异后的他宛如寻常人的态度，以及肯定他仍旧保留原有意识并且认为这样的他其实也是一种幸运后，其他人尤其是船锚对他的态度绝不是现在这样。
Among all of them, the one the shark is most grateful to is Wang Ye. Wang Ye not only saved him, but Wang Ye also influenced the perception of the people around him. He knew very well that if it weren't for Wang Ye's attitude towards him after the mutation as an ordinary person, and affirming that he still retained his original consciousness and thought that he was actually a kind of luck, the attitude of other people, especially the anchor, towards him would never be the same as it is now.
恩情太大，他反而不知该怎么表达，只能把这份恩情放在心里。
The kindness was too great, but he didn't know how to express it, so he could only keep this kindness in his heart.
船锚见鲨鱼愿意回去，心里也很高兴，他巴不得村里多一个强者。当然，最主要的还是小叶子给鲨鱼盖了章，确定他还是原来的鲨鱼，只是变得更强了。
Seeing that the shark was willing to go back, the anchor was also very happy, and he wished that there would be one more strong man in the village. Of course, the main thing is that Xiao Ye stamped the shark and made sure that he was still the same shark, only stronger.
这就是王叶把好感度刷到尊敬的好处之一，他表面只是海沟村的贵客，实际上他在海沟村的影响力已经不亚于甚至超过村长和村老等人。
This is one of the benefits of Wang Ye's favorability to respect, he is only a distinguished guest in Haigou Village on the surface, but in fact, his influence in Haigou Village is no less than or even more than that of the village chief and village elders.
吃过晚饭，趁着天还没黑透，雷木和王叶这两个艺高人胆大的决定进山一趟。
After dinner, while it was still dark, Lei Mu and Wang Ye, two masters of the arts, boldly decided to go into the mountains.
雷木是为了打猎，王叶则是为了寻找一些草药。 Lei Mu is for hunting, and Wang Ye is for some herbs.
章绘还想跟着他们，被两人送回集市，交给船锚等人看管。
Zhang Hui also wanted to follow them, but was sent back to the market by the two of them and handed over to the anchor and others to take care of.
两人也没有深入海岛群山，就在外围转了转。途中他们还看到了在林子边沿抓野鸡和野兔的地球三玩家。
The two of them did not go deep into the mountains of the island, but went around the periphery. On the way, they also saw the Earth Three players catching pheasants and hares at the edge of the forest.
这三人合力设置了陷阱，效果还不错。 The three of them worked together to set a trap, and it worked well.
他们会接受这个任务，也是因为他们有这个把握，刚到这个村子时，他们连吃饭都成问题，这游戏的一切就跟真实生活一样，长时间不吃饭，肚子就饿得受不了，就算下线再上来也一样。
They will accept this task, also because they have this certainty, when they first arrive in this village, they will not even have a problem eating, everything in this game is just like real life, if you don't eat for a long time, your stomach will be hungry and unbearable, even if you go offline and come up.
要不是这里海鲜获取容易，实在弄不到食物，去海边挖贝壳也能勉强吃饱，他们早就饿死了。
If it weren't for the easy availability of seafood here, they really couldn't get food, and they could barely eat enough to dig shells at the beach, and they would have starved to death.
为了吃饱，也为了赚取生活费，更为了经验点，他们不断在村中打零工，同时也冒险跑到后山打小怪。
In order to be fed, to earn living expenses, and to gain experience, they continue to do odd jobs in the village, and at the same time venture to the back mountains to fight monsters.
他们不会狩猎，就下线查找如何做陷阱，三人一起想办法，时间久了，倒真的给他们搞出了一套行之有效的陷阱狩猎小动物法。
They didn't know how to hunt, so they went offline to find out how to make traps, and the three of them worked together to find a way, and after a long time, they really came up with a set of effective trap hunting small animal methods.
就是这里的野物不能像普通游戏中的小怪一样不断刷新，越是靠近村子的山林，里面的野物就越少也越精明。当三人发现用陷阱来坑杀野物，获得的经验点少得可怜，且极为浪费时间和精力后，就把做任务的重心又转回村子里。
It's just that the wild things here can't be constantly refreshed like the mobs in the normal game, and the closer you get to the mountains and forests of the village, the fewer wild things in it will be, and the more savvy they will be. When the three of them found out that they had gained a pitiful amount of experience points by using traps to kill wild animals, and that they were a waste of time and energy, they turned their focus back to the village.
他们也考虑过要不要进入深山狩猎，但三人尝试过一回，结果三人刚遇到一只野猪就被群灭，好不容易挣到的一点经验值竟然全部归零。自那之后，他们就不再考虑当猎人，至少在学会技能之前，是不打算靠杀怪来升级了。
They also considered whether to go into the mountains to hunt, but the three of them tried once, but the three of them were wiped out as soon as they encountered a wild boar, and all the experience points they had earned were reduced to zero. Since then, they don't think about becoming hunters, at least until they learn their skills, and they don't plan to level up by killing monsters.
话说回头，三人虽然设置了陷阱，但想要猎到十只以上的野物，还是需要一些运气。
Having said that, although the three of them set traps, they still need some luck to hunt more than ten wild animals.
三人决定今晚再深入山林一些，多布置几个陷阱，然后就守在陷阱附近，防止有人顺手捡走陷阱里的猎物，这种事在以前已经发生过不止一次。
The three of them decided to go deeper into the forest tonight, set up a few more traps, and then stay near the traps to prevent anyone from picking up the prey in the traps, which had happened more than once before.
可怜的三人被蚊虫叮咬得满身包，还不敢随便乱动，就怕吓走小动物。所以说在这游戏没有暴露出它的异常前，初期能坚持下来的都是非常人。
The poor three were covered in mosquito bites, and they didn't dare to move casually, for fear of scaring away the small animals. So before the game revealed its anomaly, the people who were able to stick to it at the beginning were very people.
王叶看在老乡的份上，假装正好经过，给了他们一些防蚊虫的药草，让他们弄出汁水涂抹在身上，并教他们以后可以弄一些随身携带。
Wang Ye saw that for the sake of the villagers, he pretended to pass by, gave them some anti-mosquito herbs, asked them to get juice to apply on their bodies, and taught them to make some to carry with them in the future.
其实三人也带了村里人传授的驱蚊药草，但这种药草要放到火里烧出烟雾来才效果最好，只带在身上，效果一般。
In fact, the three of them also brought mosquito repellent herbs taught by the villagers, but this herb has the best effect when it is put into the fire to burn the smoke, and the effect is average.
但王叶给的药草明显不一样，那药汁涂到蚊子包上就有一股特别辣的清凉感，特别止痒。
But the herbs given by Wang Ye are obviously different, and the medicinal juice is applied to the mosquito bag with a particularly spicy and cool feeling, which is particularly anti-itching.
“这叫黑点驱蚊草，和其他驱蚊草的区别就是它的叶片上有五到六个黑点。如果你们发现跟这种药草长得一模一样的，可以采集来给我，多少我都收。我暂时就住在集市区的海沟村摊点，如果我不在，你们把药草留给那边的村人，等我回来再结算报酬。”
"It's called black spot mosquito repellent grass, and the difference between it and other mosquito repellent grass is that it has five to six black spots on its leaves. If you find something that looks exactly like this herb, you can collect it and give it to me, and I will take as much as you want. I'm staying at the Haigou Village stall in the market area for the time being, and if I'm not there, you can leave the herbs for the villagers over there, and I'll settle the payment when I come back. ”
王叶再次给三人发布了一个任务。 Wang Ye once again issued a task to the three of them.
三人当时激动得，他们这是终于又找到一个药师学徒了吗？
当场他们就想拜师学艺，但大侠拉住了他们。 On the spot, they wanted to learn from the teacher, but the hero stopped them.
等王叶离开，大侠才跟两人解释：“现在拜师肯定不行，得先做前置任务。我想之前我们在村里学技能为什么那么难，那些会点技能的人都不理我们，可能就是因为我们没能激发学技能必要的前置任务。”
Waiting for Wang Ye to leave, the hero explained to the two: "It's definitely not possible to apprentice now, you have to do the pre-task first." I wonder why it was so difficult for us to learn skills in the village, and those who knew how to do it ignored us, probably because we didn't motivate the necessary pre-tasks to learn skills. ”
弹珠不认同地道：“我之前给那个吝啬的药师学徒干活，不也以为那是前置任务？结果呢？”
Marble said disapprovingly: "I used to work for that stingy pharmacist apprentice, didn't I think it was a pre-task?" The result? ”
“所以我们得会分辨什么任务是真正的前置任务。比如现在这个小孩，他让我们采集药草，还告诉我们药草的名字和模样，给我们留下样品，这个就很靠谱。”
"So we have to be able to discern what is the real pre-task. For example, this kid now, he asked us to collect herbs, and also told us the names and appearance of the herbs, and left us samples, which is very reliable. ”
“那他让我们给他打野货也是考验之一？” "Then it's also one of the tests for him that he asked us to hunt wild goods for him?"
“有可能。” "Possibly."
三人重新振作起来，他们终于有学技能的可能性了。 The trio regained their strength, and they finally had the possibility to learn their skills.
王叶没管那三人怎么脑补，他和雷木往山林更深处走。 Wang Ye didn't care how the three of them made up for it, he and Lei Mu went deeper into the mountains and forests.
至于为什么他能发布任务，他之前已经问过游戏系统。 As for why he was able to release the quest, he had asked the game system before.
游戏系统的回答是：【拥有元宇宙钥匙的玩家可以向其他玩家发布任务，只任务内容需要经过游戏系统审核。请注意！如玩家隔壁小王发布违反游戏系统规则的任务，不但任务无法发布出去，还将受到系统惩罚。】
The game system's answer is: [Players with the Metaverse Key can publish tasks to other players, and only the content of the tasks needs to be reviewed by the game system.] Please note! If the player next door Xiao Wang publishes a task that violates the rules of the game system, not only will the task not be released, but he will also be punished by the system. 】
王叶赶紧问什么样的任务会违背游戏系统规则，以及规则是什么。
Wang Ye hurriedly asked what kind of task would violate the rules of the game system, and what the rules were.
游戏系统：【请玩家自行探索。】 Game System: [Players are invited to explore on their own.] 】
“那惩罚是什么？” "What's that punishment?"
【降级和禁止登录。最低降一级，最高清零。登录禁止时间最短三天，最长永久。】
Downgrade and Login Ban. The lowest is downgraded by one level, and the highest is cleared. The minimum login ban is three days and the maximum is permanent. 】
王叶：“……” Wang Ye: "......"
再问到为什么拥有元宇宙钥匙就能发布任务，游戏系统仍旧让他自行探索。
When asked why he was able to issue a mission with the Metaverse Key, the game system still let him explore on his own.
原本王叶还想试试看什么样的任务会违背游戏规则，这下也不敢轻举妄动了。
Originally, Wang Ye wanted to try to see what kind of task would violate the rules of the game, but he didn't dare to act rashly.
这要是就为了发布一个任务，导致他永远也不能再登录《极度危险》，那他宁可没有向玩家发布任务这个功能。
If this is just to post a quest and he will never be able to log in to Extreme Danger again, then he would rather not publish the quest feature to the player.
也许这就是个坑，专门坑拥有元宇宙钥匙的玩家。王叶暗中警告自己以后不要随便向玩家发布任务，就把这事暂时放下。
Maybe this is a pit, specializing in pitting players who have the keys to the metaverse. Wang Ye secretly warned himself not to casually issue tasks to players in the future, so he put this matter aside for the time being.
这时山林内已经比较暗，视线不佳。他和雷木也没在山林深处多耽搁，猎到一窝两大三小的野猪后，就下山了。
At this time, it was already relatively dark in the mountains and forests, and the line of sight was not good. He and Lei Mu did not delay much in the depths of the mountain forest, and after hunting a litter of two large and three small wild boars, they went down the mountain.
雷木力气大，手拖肩扛两只体重不下两百多斤的大野猪，也没拖慢他的脚步。
Lei Mu had great strength, and he carried two big wild boars weighing no less than two hundred pounds on his shoulders, and he did not slow down his pace.
王叶则随便收集了一点常见药草，打算配合药泥做一些药膏。江湖郎中第一步，就是制作狗皮膏药嘛。三只小野猪就归他背着了。
Wang Ye casually collected a little common medicinal herbs, and planned to make some ointments with medicinal mud. The first step in Jianghu Langzhong is to make dog skin plaster. And the three little boars were carried on his back.
本来雷木还想把三只小野猪绑在大野猪身上，全都由他拖回去，但王叶坚持他能背得动，雷木觉得不能打消孩子想要干活的积极性，就随他了。
Originally, Lei Mu wanted to tie the three little wild boars to the big wild boar, and he dragged them all back, but Wang Ye insisted that he could carry them, and Lei Mu felt that he couldn't discourage the child's enthusiasm for work, so he let him go.
三只小野猪加起来也有百十斤重。 The three little wild boars also weigh a hundred and ten pounds together.
王叶的小肩膀被篓子的肩带勒得生疼，但他不想在雷木面前示弱，赶紧运转能量适应。
Wang Ye's small shoulders were strangled by the shoulder straps of the basket, but he didn't want to show weakness in front of Lei Mu, so he hurriedly used his energy to adapt.
这还是他升到三级，体质都有所加强，他才能背起这么重的东西，要是刚进入游戏那会儿，篓子一上身，他就能趴地上。
This is still when he has been promoted to the third level, and his physique has been strengthened, so he can carry such a heavy thing, if he just entered the game, as soon as the basket is put on, he can lie on the ground.
炼体啊，这事也得赶紧摆上日程。这具身体实在太弱了！
Refining the body, this matter has to be put on the agenda quickly. This body is so weak!
但炼体需要大量药物，只有少部分药物可以自己采集，大多数还是得到药铺里去买。
However, refining requires a large number of medicines, and only a small number of medicines can be collected by themselves, and most of them are still bought in pharmacies.
买药就得要钱，要钱就得先赚钱。 If you buy medicine, you have to ask for money, and if you want money, you have to make money first.
这也幸亏他能把实体带入游戏世界，否则就凭他姑手上现在的三十多万，他就是全部花来买药炼体，恐怕连个药浴的初级药方都凑不齐。
It's also fortunate that he can bring the entity into the game world, otherwise with the more than 300,000 yuan he has in his aunt's hand, he would spend all of it to buy medicine refining bodies, and I'm afraid he won't even be able to get together a primary prescription for a medicinal bath.
事情只能一样样做，王叶告诉自己不要急。 Things can only be done in the same way, Wang Ye told himself not to rush.
雷木肩膀上扛着一只大野猪，手上还拖着一只，从山林里走出来时，引来许多人围观。
Lei Mu carried a large wild boar on his shoulder, and dragged one in his hand, and when he came out of the mountain forest, he attracted many onlookers.
这还是天快黑了，路上已经没有多少人，否则必然会引起轰动。
It's still getting dark, and there aren't many people on the road anymore, otherwise it's bound to cause a sensation.
山林里的野猪并不比老虎和狗熊好打，甚至要更难缠一些。尤其那种经年的老野猪，皮粗肉厚獠牙锋利，一般的武器都戳不破它们裹着厚泥的皮。
Wild boars in the mountains and forests are no easier to fight than tigers and bears, and even more difficult to deal with. Especially the old wild boar, with thick skin and sharp fangs, ordinary weapons cannot pierce their thick mud skin.
村里也只有武师才能对付那些冲下山的大野猪，这也是武师在村里地位较高的缘故。
In the village, only the martial artist can deal with the big wild boars that rush down the mountain, which is also the reason why the martial artist has a high status in the village.
有路人看到王叶背着的小野猪，当即就过来问价。 Some passers-by saw the little wild boar on Wang Ye's back, and immediately came over to ask for the price.
小野猪比大野猪口感好得多，大野猪肉腥膻又骚，小野猪基本没有膻骚味，做烤乳猪很受欢迎。但有大野猪保护的小野猪非常不好猎到，就是狩猎经验丰富的猎人想要猎到小野猪，也要靠几分运气。
The taste of the small wild boar is much better than that of the big wild boar, the big wild boar is fishy and sassy, and the small wild boar basically has no smell of suckling, and it is very popular to make roast suckling pig. But the small wild boar protected by the big wild boar is very difficult to hunt, even if the hunter with rich hunting experience wants to hunt the small wild boar, he also has to rely on a bit of luck.
有人问价小野猪，自然也有人问大野猪。 Some people ask the price of small wild boars, and naturally some people ask big wild boars.
野猪胃是好东西，野猪会吞食毒蛇，其胃可以消化毒蛇的毒，猪胃中的疔越多，这个胃的价值就越高。很多人都认为野猪胃吃了能强身健体，更能养胃。而普通家猪的胃就没这个功能，只能叫猪肚，价值也远不能和野猪胃相比。
The stomach of a wild boar is a good thing, a wild boar will swallow a poisonous snake, its stomach can digest the venom of a poisonous snake, and the more boils in the pig's stomach, the higher the value of this stomach. Many people think that eating a wild boar's stomach can strengthen the body and nourish the stomach. The stomach of ordinary domestic pigs does not have this function, it can only be called pork belly, and its value is far from being comparable with the stomach of wild boars.
而大野猪肉虽然腥膻，但这个世界的野兽肉具有一种地球没有的元力。野兽等级越高，其兽肉中含有的元力也越强，这种肉对于武者有极好的作用，而普通人最多只能食用二级以下的野兽肉。
Although the big wild boar is fishy, the beast meat of this world has a kind of yuan power that the earth does not have. The higher the level of the beast, the stronger the Yuan Force contained in its beast meat, this kind of meat has an excellent effect on martial artists, while ordinary people can only eat beast meat below the second level at most.
“这两头大野猪有二级了吧？”懂行的人只看野猪大小和獠牙长度就能判断出野猪的等级，而武师则能通过野兽体内含有的元力来感知野兽等级。
"These two big wild boars have a second degree, right?" Those who know how to judge the level of a wild boar can judge the level of a wild boar just by looking at the size of the boar and the length of its fangs, while a martial artist can sense the level of a wild boar by the yuan power contained in the beast's body.
顺便说一句，这个世界的力量等级划分约为十级，和寄生虫族一样，一级对应玩家的零级到十级，二级对应十一级到二十级，以此类推。
By the way, the power level of this world is divided into about ten levels, and like the parasites, the first level corresponds to the player's level zero to ten, the second level corresponds to the eleventh to the twenty levels, and so on.
雷木拒绝了这些人的报价，无他，太低。 Reimu rejected these people's offers, without him, too low.
这个时间，海草村的两个入口都已经关闭。 At this time, both entrances to Seagrass Village are closed.
雷木就和王叶一起去了码头。 Lei Mu went to the dock with Wang Ye.
这边天黑得迟，大家睡得也迟。很多商船上的商人和旅客没有进村租房住，就住在船上，也吃在船上，晚上没事就在海边沙滩上搞烧烤，倒也热热闹闹。
It's getting dark here, and everyone is sleeping late. Many merchants and travelers on merchant ships did not go into the village to rent a house, but lived on the ship, ate on the ship, and had a barbecue on the beach at night, which was also lively.
而乘船良久的人都有一个共同的特点，那就是馋肉！ And people who have been on the boat for a long time have a common characteristic, that is, gluttony!
当雷木和王叶带着五只野猪出现在码头时，当即就被围上了。
When Lei Mu and Wang Ye appeared at the dock with five wild boars, they were immediately fenced.
雷木正考虑要不要把野猪肉剖开论斤卖时，闻讯赶来的几个大商船管事连忙喊着不要分割，他们要整只买。
When Lei Mu was thinking about whether to cut the wild boar meat and sell it by the pound, several big merchant ship stewards who rushed to hear the news hurriedly shouted that they should not divide it, and they wanted to buy it whole.
太多人馋肉，散客嚷嚷着不能把肉都卖给商船管事，最后经过协商，一头大野猪当场破开，论斤卖，另外一大两小则卖给了两个出价最高的商船管事。
Too many people were hungry for meat, and the individual customers shouted that they could not sell all the meat to the merchant ship steward, and finally after negotiation, a large wild boar was broken on the spot and sold for a pound, and the other large and two small were sold to the two merchant ship stewards with the highest bid.
两头大的野猪一只八十银，小的一只十银，一共卖了一百八十个银币。
The two large boars were eighty silver each, and the small one was ten silver, and a total of one hundred and eighty silver coins were sold.
雷木和王叶不想做杀猪这么费力的事，就把那头答应散卖的野猪卖给几个一看就是同伴的武师散客，由他们剖开卖。
Lei Mu and Wang Ye didn't want to do such a laborious thing as killing pigs, so they sold the wild boar that they had promised to sell in bulk to a few martial artists who looked like companions, and they cut it open and sold.
那几个散客比起赚钱，更像是想要享受这份热闹，一点都不觉得麻烦。
Those individual customers are more like wanting to enjoy the excitement than making money, and they don't feel troublesome at all.
雷木留下了一只最小的野猪，就在沙滩上和王叶烤了吃。
Lei Mu left the smallest wild boar and roasted it with Wang Ye on the beach.
王叶还在附近喜欢吃的散客处买了一些调料。 Wang Ye also bought some spices from the individual customers who like to eat nearby.
雷木负责清洗烤，王叶负责抹调料，两人配合，那头小野猪被他们烤得金黄流油，猪肉被烤熟后散发出的特有焦香味配上王叶调制的作料，香得馋死人。
Lei Mu is responsible for cleaning and roasting, Wang Ye is responsible for wiping the seasoning, the two cooperated, the little wild boar was roasted by them to golden oil, and the unique burnt aroma of the pork after being roasted was matched with the ingredients prepared by Wang Ye, which was so fragrant that it was hungry to death.
当夜，码头附近的沙滩上到处都有人在烤野猪肉，不管手艺如何，那味儿真的是香飘十里。
That night, there were people roasting wild boar meat everywhere on the beach near the pier, and the smell was really fragrant, regardless of the craftsmanship.
好多人在船上都睡下了，又被这烤肉香味熏醒，可等他们寻着味儿找出来，却发现那些野猪肉早就分完。
Many people fell asleep on the boat, and were awakened by the smell of the barbecue, but when they searched for the taste, they found that the wild boar meat had long been divided.
其中一个红色头发的青年毛躁地在雷木和王叶身边转了两三圈，都没找到那香味来源——那么小一头野猪早就给两个吃货吃光了，气得青年口水直流。
One of the red-haired young men walked around Lei Mu and Wang Ye two or three times in a furious manner, but they couldn't find the source of the fragrance—the little wild boar had already been eaten up by the two foodies, and the young man was so angry that his mouth watered.
王叶瞅瞅红毛青年，莫名觉得对方有些熟悉。 Wang Ye glanced at the red-haired young man, and inexplicably felt that the other party was a little familiar.
不过他记忆中那个人可没有这么年轻，也没这么毛毛躁躁的。
But the man he remembered wasn't so young, nor was he so frizzy.
红毛青年瞪王叶：看什么看！ The red-haired young man glared at Wang Ye: What to see!
王叶拍拍屁股站起来，拉着雷木就走。 Wang Ye patted his ass and stood up, pulled Lei Mu and left.
次日清晨，吃饱喝足睡了个好觉的王叶和雷木一大早就带着章绘去了海草村东街。
In the early morning of the next day, Wang Ye and Lei Mu, who had eaten and drunk well and slept well, took Zhang Hui to the East Street of Seagrass Village early in the morning.
两家人早就在等着他们，两人才抬手敲响门板，门就被拉开了。
The two families had been waiting for them for a long time, and only then did they raise their hands and knock on the door, and the door was opened.
这边一百银可以换一枚金币。 Here a hundred silver can be exchanged for a gold coin.
雷木拿出一百二十个银币交给和他们签订租房契约的家主。其中二十个银币是押金。
Remu took out one hundred and twenty silver coins and handed them to the head of the house with whom they had signed the lease contract. Twenty of the silver coins are deposits.
对于雷木拿出的是银币不是金币这点，两家人没有半点意见，比起还要拿去找人兑换的金币，银币对他们来说更方便，也更常使用。
The two families did not have the slightest opinion on whether Lei Mu took out a silver coin or a gold coin, and the silver coin was more convenient for them and used more often than the gold coin that they had to exchange for someone.
对方清点过后，见数量没问题，银币也不像是假的，就把隔壁的房门钥匙交给了两人。
After the other party counted it, he saw that the quantity was okay, and the silver coins didn't look fake, so he handed over the key to the door next door to the two of them.
“走吧，挖宝的时间到了~”王叶兴冲冲地推开隔壁门，进去就找铲子。
"Let's go, it's time to dig treasure~" Wang Yexing pushed open the door next door and looked for a shovel when he entered.
“如果真的挖不到怎么办？”一路都很安静的章绘突然问。
"What if you really can't dig it?" Zhang Hui, who had been quiet all the way, suddenly asked.
王叶扭头，冷笑：“当然是送你回囚犯岛。难道你指望在既没有付出小爷的医疗费，又欺骗小爷的基础上，还指望小爷放了你？做梦！”
Wang Ye turned his head and sneered: "Of course, it's to send you back to Prisoner Island." Do you expect to let you go on the basis of not paying the master's medical expenses and deceiving the master? Dream! ”
章绘：“你们发誓真的放我自由，并不会做任何伤害我的事，包括指使他人他物。我就告诉你们东西在哪……唔呃！”
Zhang Hui: "You swear to really set me free, and you will not do anything to hurt me, including instructing others and other things." I'll tell you where the things are...... Uh-huh! ”
章绘被雷木抓住脖子提了起来。 Zhang Hui was grabbed by the neck and lifted up by Lei Mu.
“你昨天怎么说的？你发誓没有说谎，如果说谎就不得好死？”雷木眼中露出讥笑：“你是不是觉得我们非常想要那个海盗的藏宝，所以可以任你耍弄和谈条件？”
"What did you say yesterday? You swore that you didn't lie, and if you lie, you won't die well? There was a sneer in Lei Mu's eyes: "Do you think that we want that pirate's treasure so much that we can let you play with the terms of the peace talks?" ”
王叶呵呵：“小爷赚钱的手段多的是，如果不是你说要报答小爷的救命之恩，还说这笔财宝轻松就可以拿到，小爷才不费这个心。孙子，教你一件事，骗谁都不要骗小爷。哥，把他右胳膊废了。”
Wang Ye hehe: "There are many ways for the master to make money, if it weren't for the fact that you said that you wanted to repay the master for saving his life, and said that this treasure could be easily obtained, the master wouldn't have bothered to do this." Grandson, teach you one thing, don't lie to anyone. Brother, take off his right arm. ”
咔嚓一声，章绘被扔到地上的时候，他的右小臂骨就断成了两截。
With a click, when Zhang Hui was thrown to the ground, his right forearm bone was broken in two.
章绘疼得满头都是冷汗，他真的没想到看起来像是好人的兄弟俩竟然能说翻脸就翻脸，还翻得这么快。
Zhang Hui was so painful that his head was covered with cold sweat, he really didn't expect that the brothers who looked like good people would be able to turn their faces so quickly.
雷木摸摸王叶的脑袋，“不找了？” Lei Mu touched Wang Ye's head, "Not looking for it?" ”
王叶把铲子往地上一扔，“不找。这没头没脑的得挖到什么时候？我去配置点药，明天集市就开始了，我们摆个摊卖药膏吧~。我知道一种炼体药方，我们都能用，等爸爸赚了钱，我们一起买药泡药浴，身体棒棒~”
Wang Ye threw the shovel on the ground, "Don't look for it." How long will this brainless dig up? I'll go and put some medicine, the market will start tomorrow, let's set up a stall to sell ointment~. I know a kind of body refining prescription, we can all use it, and when Dad makes money, we will buy medicine and soak in a medicinal bath together, and the body will be great~"
雷木笑着道：“好。” Lei Mu smiled and said, "Okay." ”
王叶又看向章绘，眼中没有丝毫善意，把抬头看他们的章绘看得心底发寒。
Wang Ye looked at Zhang Hui again, there was no kindness in his eyes, and he felt a chill in his heart when he looked up at Zhang Hua.
“为了避免他跟别人乱说，说我们得到了狗屁海盗宝藏，惹得某些脑残对付我们。我先配置点药把他弄成哑巴，等会儿你把他手筋脚筋都割断，我让他永远都长不好，一个字都写不出来。”
"To keep him from talking nonsense about the bullshit pirate treasure we've gotten into some brainless deal with us. I'll put some medicine to make him dumb first, and then you cut off his tendons and tendons, and I'll make him never grow well, and he won't be able to write a word. ”
“何必这么麻烦，直接宰了就是。” "Why bother so much, just slaughter it."
王叶偏头，略一思考：“也行。有我们报信，也没必要把他送回囚犯岛，想来囚犯岛也不在乎这么一个囚犯死在外面，大不了我们把他的人头带过去。”
Wang Ye tilted his head and thought for a moment: "It's okay." There is no need to send him back to Prisoner Island, and if you want to come to Prisoner Island, you don't care if such a prisoner dies outside, it's a big deal that we bring his head over. ”
章绘看到雷木转身向他走来，心中再也没有半点侥幸。他能分辨出两人不是在吓唬他，他们是真的要杀了他。
Zhang Hui saw Lei Mu turn around and walk towards him, and there was no more luck in his heart. He could tell that the two were not trying to scare him, they were really trying to kill him.
“在原来的门槛下面！”章绘小声喊了出来。 "Under the original threshold!" Zhang Hui shouted in a low voice.
王叶拉住雷木，冲着章绘无语地道：“你说你是不是有毛病？非要来这一通？受点折磨很爽吗？”
Wang Ye grabbed Lei Mu and said speechlessly at Zhang Hui: "Do you say there is something wrong with you?" Do you have to come to this pass? Is it cool to be tortured a little? ”
章绘也说不清楚自己为什么要这么做，也许是不信任两人，也许是贪心，他有时候也很讨厌自己。
Zhang Hui couldn't tell why he did this, maybe he didn't trust the two, maybe he was greedy, and he sometimes hated himself.
“你还有什么要交代的，赶紧说。我承认我是不想杀你，但你也别老来踩踏我的底线。我不想杀你不代表我不会杀你。”王叶抱臂。
"What else do you have to explain, hurry up. I'll admit I don't want to kill you, but don't keep stepping on my bottom line. Just because I don't want to kill you doesn't mean I won't kill you. Wang Ye hugged his arms.
章绘忽然就不想再跟这两人玩小心思，也不敢再“逗”他们，一股脑儿全说了：
Zhang Hui suddenly didn't want to play with these two people anymore, and he didn't dare to "tease" them anymore, so he said it all in one go:
“那老海盗告诉我，在围墙大门门槛下方三尺处，用一个铁盒子装着。不在门外，要从门里挖。三十五年前，那老海盗为了尽快融入这个村子，在这里娶了一个带娃的寡妇，这家兄弟就是他的继子。房子则是寡妇前夫的。他对寡妇和继子都没感情，原本准备慢慢弄死他们，谁想到他在大集中被一个仇家发现，就此暴露了身份。”
"The old pirate told me that three feet below the threshold of the gate of the wall, it was contained in an iron box. Not outside the door, dig through the door. Thirty-five years ago, in order to integrate into the village as soon as possible, the old pirate married a widow with a baby here, and the family brother was his stepson. The house belonged to the widow's ex-husband. He has no feelings for widows and stepsons, and was originally going to kill them slowly, but who would have thought that he would be discovered by an enemy in the big concentration and his identity would be exposed. ”
王叶雷木两人同时看向隔开两家围墙的尽头。 Wang Ye Leimu and the two looked at the end of the wall separating the two families at the same time.
从一路看到的海草村房屋风格来看，他们的院落围墙大门基本都开在围墙正中间的位置。如果寡妇的两个孩子长大分家，两家围墙大门势必就要重开，那么原来的围墙大门就会填上变成围墙的一部分。
Judging from the style of the houses in Seagrass Village that you can see along the way, the gate of their courtyard wall is basically open in the middle of the wall. If the widow's two children grow up and become separated, the gates of the two walls will inevitably be reopened, and the original gates will be filled in and become part of the walls.
换言之，他们想要的海盗财宝应该就在两家围墙的正中间。
In other words, the pirate treasure they wanted should be right in the middle of the two walls.
“先从我们这边挖，只要不动上面那层土，只挖下面，慢慢掏，对面应该暂时不会察觉。”雷木道。
"Dig from our side first, as long as you don't move the layer of soil above, only dig underneath, and dig slowly, the opposite side should not be noticed for the time being." Thunderwood Road.
“好。”王叶又来了劲头，提起铲子就跑到了目标处，挥起铲子就挖。
"Okay." Wang Ye came back to the momentum, picked up the shovel and ran to the target, and dug with the shovel.
雷木好笑，走过去把人拎起来，放到一边，接过铲子：“我来吧，你小小一个要挖到什么时候。”
Lei Mu was amused, walked over and picked up the person, put it aside, and took the shovel: "I'll come, when will you dig the little one." ”
王叶嘀咕：“我力气不小。” Wang Ye muttered: "I have a lot of strength. ”
“嗯嗯，能背得动三头小野猪，力气是不小。”雷木先用铲子把那块地的表面铲松，接着一铲子下去就挖起了满满一锹土。
"Well, I can carry three little wild boars, and my strength is not small." Lei Mu first used a shovel to loosen the surface of the field, and then went down with a shovel to dig up a shovel full of soil.
王叶没事干，只能一会儿给雷木捏捏胳膊，一会儿给他捶捶腰，把雷木逗得想揍他又舍不得。
Wang Ye had nothing to do, so he could only pinch Lei Mu's arm for a while, and beat his waist for a while, making Lei Mu so amused that he wanted to beat him but was reluctant.
“走开，别碍手碍脚。”雷木笑骂。 "Go away, don't get in the way." Lei Mu laughed and scolded.
章绘看着两人，想到那个离他而去的同伴，心里特别不舒服。他想，这两人又会互相信赖多久？当他们挖出藏宝时，他们又会怎样表现？
Zhang Hui looked at the two of them, and felt very uncomfortable thinking of the companion who had left him. How long will these two trust each other, he thought? How do they behave when they dig up the hidden treasure?
就算两人真的是亲兄弟，面对重宝，真的能毫无芥蒂地平分吗？哥哥会不会想要多拿一点，弟弟会不会想要挑拣更好的？
Even if the two are really brothers, in the face of heavy treasures, can they really divide equally without any guilt? Will the elder brother want to take a little more, and will the younger brother want to pick the better one?
章绘又是期待两人等会儿的表现，又不想看，心思矛盾极了。
Zhang Hui was looking forward to the performance of the two of them for a while, but he didn't want to watch it, and his thoughts were extremely conflicted.
没多久，“当”的一声，铲子头接触到一个不同于泥土的硬物。
Not long after, with a "dang" sound, the shovel head came into contact with a hard object that was different from the dirt.
一大一小立刻一起伸头往坑里看。 One big and one small immediately stretched out their heads together to look into the pit.
雷木把王叶拨开，用铲子一点点掏，把这个深埋三尺的铁盒子给挖了出来。
Lei Mu pushed Wang Ye away, and used a shovel to dig out the iron box that was buried three feet deep.
盒子不大，只有十厘米见方，三厘米厚。长期埋在地下，就算表面涂了漆，也有不少地方锈蚀。
The box is not large, only ten centimeters square and three centimeters thick. If it has been buried in the ground for a long time, even if the surface is painted, there are many places where it is corroded.
雷木拿起盒子，先晃了晃，听到里面有什么东西撞击盒子的声音。
Raimu picked up the box and shook it first, hearing the sound of something hitting the box inside.
“你走远一点。”雷木为了避免盒子有机关，打算自己来开这个盒子。
"You go a little farther." In order to avoid the box from having a mechanism, Lei Mu plans to open the box himself.
如果现在挖出铁盒的不是雷木和王叶，而是另外两个关系普通的同伴，只这句话，就能让另外一个怀疑。
If it wasn't Lei Mu and Wang Ye who dug up the iron box now, but two other companions with ordinary relationships, just this sentence would make the other one suspicious.
但王叶怀疑谁也不会怀疑雷木，闻言就真的走远了一些，还让雷木小心。他现在身娇体弱皮肤薄，对物理伤害没什么抵抗力，逞能就是找死。
But Wang Ye suspected that no one would suspect Lei Mu, so when he heard this, he really went a little farther away, and asked Lei Mu to be careful. He is now delicate and weak-skinned, and has little resistance to physical damage.
雷木很慎重地给自己施展了一个护字诀，这才打开铁盒。
Lei Mu carefully performed a word protection trick for himself, and then opened the iron box.
结果这铁盒就是一个非常普通的铁盒，里面什么机关都没有。
As a result, this iron box is a very ordinary iron box, and there are no mechanisms in it.
雷木转手就把铁盒给了王叶。 Lei Mu changed hands and gave the iron box to Wang Ye.
第39章 精灵空间 Chapter 39: Elven Space
王叶看向铁盒内，就见铁盒内一共只有三样东西，一张银色的卡片，一枚镶嵌着硕大宝石的男士戒指，以及一个两指宽、半指长的木牌子。
Wang Ye looked into the iron box, and saw that there were only three things in the iron box, a silver card, a men's ring inlaid with huge gemstones, and a wooden sign two fingers wide and half a finger long.
雷木施展眼术扫过三样东西，都没有特殊能量。其实这三样东西如果有特殊能量，在之前雷木用眼术扫视两家围墙时就能看到。
Lei Mu used his eye skills to sweep through the three things, and there was no special energy. In fact, if these three things have special energy, they can be seen when Lei Mu used his eye to scan the walls of the two houses before.
王叶转头看到章绘一脸“随你们便吧，我知道我死定了”的赴死表情，心中一动，勾起一条因果线看了看，再用手指分别触摸了那三样物品，忽然就笑了。
Wang Ye turned his head and saw Zhang Hui's expression of "whatever you want, I know I'm going to die", his heart moved, he hooked a causal line and looked at it, and then touched the three items with his fingers, and suddenly smiled.
王叶也不把那三样东西拿出来，拿着盒子就走到自己站起来的章绘跟前，把盒子往他面前一递。
Wang Ye didn't take out the three things, took the box and walked up to Zhang Hui, who was standing up, and handed the box to him.
“你运气不错，三样东西，我们正好三个人，按照江湖规矩，见者有份，你可以在这个盒子里挑一样拿走。”
"You are lucky, three things, we are exactly three people, according to the rules of the rivers and lakes, those who see it have a share, you can pick one in this box and take it."
章绘原本以为自己会被杀死，他都已经抱好了必死之心，还觉得这结果就是他自己讨来的，活该。谁让他要试探这两人。
Zhang Hui originally thought that he would be killed, but he had already embraced the heart of death, and felt that this result was what he had asked for and deserved it. Who told him to test these two.
谁想到峰回路转，这两人不但没打算杀他，还想把得到的藏宝分他一部分？
Who would have thought that these two people not only didn't plan to kill him, but also wanted to share a part of the treasure they got with him?
章绘简直怀疑自己是不是疼过头导致产生幻觉了。 Zhang Hui wondered if he was hallucinating due to excessive pain.
王叶不耐烦道：“快点选，选好了东西拿走就给我滚蛋，不要再出现在我面前，否则见一次打一次！”
Wang Ye said impatiently: "Hurry up and choose, after choosing something and taking it away, get out of here, don't appear in front of me again, otherwise you will see you and fight once!" ”
章绘嘴唇颤抖，他想说哪怕不给他分赃，他也不会把两人得到藏宝的事情说出去。
Zhang Hui's lips trembled, and he wanted to say that even if he didn't give him the spoils, he wouldn't tell the two of them about getting the hidden treasure.
但当他看到男孩的眼睛时，他就明白对方压根没有笼络他的意思，也不怕他把藏宝的事情说出去，对方只是想要分他一份就分了。
But when he saw the boy's eyes, he understood that the other party didn't mean to entrap him at all, and he wasn't afraid that he would tell him about the hidden treasure, and the other party just wanted to share his share.
“我数到三，如果你不拿，我就当你自己放弃。一、” "I'll count to three, and if you don't take it, I'll give it up yourself. I. "
“我真的想跟着你们，我没有其他地方可去，我会听话，我发誓真的会效忠你一辈子。”章绘又哭又笑，带着哭音道。
"I really want to follow you, I have nowhere else to go, I will be obedient, I swear that I will really be loyal to you for the rest of my life." Zhang Hui cried and laughed, and said with a crying voice.
王叶：“……说你有病你还不承认。一会儿要自由，一会儿又要跟着小爷。别，就你这样的，小爷可不敢用。而且我也不喜欢有人跟着。快点选！”
Wang Ye: "...... Say you're sick and you don't admit it. One moment to be free, and the other time to follow the master. Don't, just like you, the master doesn't dare to use it. And I don't like people following. Hurry up and choose! ”
章绘能看出来王叶是真的不想要人侍候，他终究没有坚持，在王叶不耐烦要收回盒子的一刹那，他用左手飞快从盒子里摸走了那张银色卡片。
Zhang Hui could see that Wang Ye really didn't want anyone to wait, he didn't insist after all, and at the moment when Wang Ye was impatient to take back the box, he quickly touched the silver card from the box with his left hand.
王叶不无讥讽地道：“挺会选。” Wang Ye said sarcastically: "It's quite good at choosing." ”
章绘期期艾艾地道：“你知道这是什么？真的愿意给我？”
Ai Ai said: "Do you know what this is? Are you really willing to give it to me? ”
“也许是没你知道得多。”鉴定术之下，有什么能逃过他的眼睛？王叶就像是看透了章绘一样，直接说破：“那老海盗其实跟你说了盒子中都有什么对吗。”
"Maybe you don't know much about it." What could escape his eyes? Wang Ye seemed to have seen through Zhang Hui, and said directly: "That old pirate actually told you what was in the box, right?" ”
章绘握紧卡片，点头：“他一路逃跑，以前存下的东西不好随身带着，就把绝大多数的收藏都卖了，换成了一张不记名钱卡。另外两样东西，他也无法判断价值，又舍不得贱卖，加上东西不大，他才留了下来。他只知道那戒指和一名大贵族有关，如果找到那名大贵族，可以凭借这枚戒指让对方做一件事。”
Zhang Hui clenched the card and nodded: "He ran away all the way, and the things he saved before were not easy to carry with him, so he sold most of his collection and replaced it with an anonymous money card." He couldn't judge the value of the other two things, and he was reluctant to sell them cheaply, and the things were not big, so he stayed. He only knew that the ring was related to a great nobleman, and if he found that nobleman, he could use this ring to make the other party do something. ”
章绘说了那大贵族的名字和所在国家，他可不打算去那么远的地方找那什么大贵族，也不觉得有什么事需要对方去做。所以王叶让他三选一，他一开始放弃的就是这枚戒指。
Zhang Hui said the name of the great nobleman and the country where he was located, he didn't plan to go so far to find that big nobleman, and he didn't feel that there was anything that the other party needed to do. So Wang Ye asked him to choose one of the three, and it was this ring that he gave up at the beginning.
“另外一个木牌是一枚挂坠，是那老海盗从他以前跟着的海盗头子那里偷来的，原因是对方对这枚木牌很重视，一直戴在脖子上。但老海盗也不知道这木牌到底有什么用、值多少钱，他得到这枚木牌后曾找人帮他看过，对方也没看出所以然，但出了个不错的价格。他担心错过宝物，就没舍得卖。”
"The other wooden plaque was a pendant, which the old pirate had stolen from the pirate leader he had been with, because he had attached great importance to it and had always worn it around his neck. But the old pirate didn't know what the wooden card was for and how much it was worth, and after he got it, he asked someone to help him see it, and the other party didn't see why, but he offered a good price. He was worried that he would miss the treasure, so he was reluctant to sell it. ”
章绘说到这里，不知出于什么心理，他自曝道：“这张不记名钱卡里有整整两千枚金币。”
When Zhang Hui said this, he didn't know what kind of psychology he had, he revealed to himself: "There are a full 2,000 gold coins in this bearer money card. ”
两千枚金币，换算成华夏币相当于是两千万元。 Two thousand gold coins, converted into Huaxia coins, is equivalent to 20 million yuan.
但王叶并没有因此动摇，他只是眼露不舍：“所以呢？你希望我反悔？那我现在就反悔给你看。”
But Wang Ye didn't waver because of this, he just showed reluctance: "So what? You want me to repent? Then I'll show you back now. ”
章绘迅速往后退了一步，见王叶动都没动，当即尴尬地笑了笑。
Zhang Hui quickly took a step back, and when he saw that Wang Ye didn't move, he immediately smiled awkwardly.
“我真的走了……” "I'm really gone......"
“滚！” "Get out!"
章绘拔腿就跑，快要跑到门口时，这人回头，最后道：“囚犯岛上有金矿，这才是我们这些出生在岛上的囚犯后代都无法离开的真正原因，那些看守不会让任何一个知道金矿消息的人离开那座岛。”
Zhang Hui ran away, and when he was about to run to the door, the man turned around and finally said: "There is a gold mine on the prisoner island, and this is the real reason why the descendants of our prisoners born on the island cannot leave, and those guards will not let anyone who knows the news of the gold mine leave the island." ”
说完，章绘就打开大门跑了，那速度快得就好像生怕两人把他追上去杀掉一样。
After saying that, Zhang Hui opened the gate and ran, as fast as if he was afraid that the two of them would chase him and kill him.
王叶气得插腰。这家伙走就走了，临走还对他放了这么一个大炮。
Wang Ye was so angry that he stepped in. This guy walked away, and put such a cannon on him before leaving.
金矿又怎么了？想用这个消息来代替谢谢这个词吗？ What happened to the gold mines? Want to use this message instead of the word thank you?
问题是他就算知道囚犯岛内有金矿，又有什么屁用？ The question is, even if he knows that there are gold mines on the prisoner island, what is the use of?
难不成他还能把那里的看守和囚犯全都干掉，把那个金矿占领下来慢慢开采？
Could it be that he could still kill all the guards and prisoners there, and occupy that gold mine and mine it slowly?
而且这小子还给他出了一个难题，他们和海沟村人跑去告诉看守，说遇到了他们岛的囚犯，如果看守们跟他们要囚犯，他们交不出来。那些看守要怎么相信两逃犯没有把金矿的事告诉他们？
And this kid also gave him a problem, they and the people of Trench Village ran to tell the guards that they had met the prisoners of their island, and if the guards asked them for prisoners, they would not be able to hand them over. How could the guards believe that the fugitives had not told them about the gold mines?
混蛋！王叶气得磨牙。 Bastard! Wang Ye was so angry that he grinded his teeth.
雷木在一边从头看到尾，见王叶自作主张地把一张价值两千金币的钱卡送给章绘，他眼都没眨。
Lei Mu looked from the beginning to the end, and when he saw Wang Ye taking it upon himself to give a money card worth two thousand gold coins to Zhang Hui, he didn't blink.
直到章绘离开，他才过去把大门关上，问王叶：“分他一份是为了堵他嘴巴？”
It wasn't until Zhang Hui left that he went over to close the door and asked Wang Ye: "Divide him to gag his mouth?" ”
王叶耸耸肩，往屋里走：“难不成我们还能真的杀了他？这家伙也就是性格别扭了点，他应该不是想要骗我们。”
Wang Ye shrugged his shoulders and walked into the house: "Could it be that we can really kill him?" This guy has an awkward personality, he shouldn't be trying to deceive us. ”
“他在试探你我的底线。”雷木也看出来了，所以他没有阻止王叶。
"He's testing your and my bottom line." Lei Mu also saw it, so he didn't stop Wang Ye.
“所以我让你给了他一点教训。这种人就是个坑，你只有对他好十分，他才能回报你三分。给他钱，让他滚蛋，我们清静，他为了自保，也会闭紧嘴巴。”王叶不担心他和雷木，两人都有自保之力。
"So I let you teach him a lesson. This kind of person is a pit, and only if you treat him well by ten points, he can repay you with three points. Give him money, let him get out, we are quiet, and he will keep his mouth shut in order to protect himself. "Wang Ye is not worried about him and Lei Mu, both of them have the power to protect themselves.
但海沟村人就不一样了，如果有人为了一点藏宝，找不到他和雷木，就找到海沟村人头上，想用他们来威胁自己或发泄怒气，那就麻烦了。
But the people of Trench Village are different, if someone can't find him and Lei Mu for a little treasure, they find the people of Trench Village, and want to use them to threaten themselves or vent their anger, then it will be troublesome.
虽然相处时间还不算太长，但他对海沟村人多少也有了些感情，并不想因为自己连累到这个村子。
Although the time they have been together for not too long, he also has some feelings for the people of Trench Village, and he doesn't want to involve this village because of himself.
“你猜出他会拿钱卡？” "Did you guess he'd take the money card?"
“那是个很实际的人。木木，这屋里干净吗？”王叶忽然问。
"That's a very practical person. Mumu, is this house clean? Wang Ye suddenly asked.
雷木看他表情，意会，目光扫过整栋屋子，连老鼠的能量都没放过，点头：“没人，没不应该有的东西。很干净。”
Lei Mu looked at his expression, understanding, his eyes swept over the entire room, not even letting go of the energy of the mouse, and nodded: "No one, nothing that shouldn't be." Very clean. ”
王叶放心了，脸上绽开大大的笑容：“那家伙错过了真正的宝贝。”
Wang Ye was relieved, and a big smile bloomed on his face: "That guy missed the real baby." ”
王叶从盒子里拿出那枚木牌，放到雷木手心里：“这玩意的价值可是远超两千枚金币。不，应该说，就算你拿着再多金币，都无法买到这东西。”
Wang Ye took out the wooden card from the box and put it in Lei Mu's palm: "The value of this thing is far more than two thousand gold coins. No, it should be said, no matter how much gold you have, you can't buy this thing. ”
雷木好奇，“这是什么？”如果是宝贝，为什么他没有看到任何特殊的能量波动？
Raimu wondered, "What is this?" "If it's a baby, why doesn't he see any special energy fluctuations?
“宝物自晦，这东西用了隐藏能量的魔法阵。不过还是给我认出来了~”王叶眼中满是兴奋，贱兮兮地戳了戳木牌：“这牌子有个名字，叫精灵空间。”
"The treasure is self-obscure, this thing uses a magic array of hidden energy. But I still recognized it~" Wang Ye's eyes were full of excitement, and he poked the wooden sign sugly: "This brand has a name, called Elf Space." ”
“空间？这是空间储物道具？”淡然如雷木也失声了。 "Space? Is this a space storage prop? Indifferent, Lei Mu also lost his voice.
空间储物道具在这个世界有，但异常珍贵。就是以雷木的能力，想要得到一个储物空间都异常不容易，这东西不但得要看机缘，更要看你有没有钱。
Space storage items are available in this world, but they are extremely precious. It's with Lei Mu's ability, it's not easy to get a storage space, this thing not only depends on chance, but also depends on whether you have money.
且这个钱还不是金币银币这样的金属货币，而是魔晶。 And this money is not a metal currency such as gold and silver coins, but a magic crystal.
“嘿嘿嘿，这可不是普通的空间储物道具。这可是传说中第三代精灵王亲手制作，送给自己妻子的礼物。原本没有名字，但因为是精灵王制作，大家就习惯称其为精灵空间。可惜后来精灵族发生大战，这个精灵空间就此遗失。没想到精灵族找了那么多年的宝贝，竟然被一个老海盗就这么埋在一户人家的门槛下面，日日践踏。要是让精灵族知道了，他们还不得把这座岛都给灭了。”
"Hey, hey, this isn't just any space storage item. This is a gift made by the legendary third generation of elf kings and given to his wife. Originally, it didn't have a name, but because it was made by the Elf King, everyone used to call it the Elf Space. It's a pity that there was a big war between the elves later, and this elven space was lost. I didn't expect that the treasure that the elves had been looking for for so many years would be buried under the threshold of a family by an old pirate and trampled on every day. If the elves knew, they wouldn't have to destroy the island. ”
王叶摇头晃脑，心情好得一米：“如果不是看到这东西，我又怎么会把钱卡让给那个变态。人啊，运道太好了，就得分点出去，免得老天爷看你不顺眼。”
Wang Ye shook his head, and his mood was so good: "If I hadn't seen this thing, how could I have given the money card to that pervert." People, if your luck is too good, you will score points and go out, so that God will not look at you unpleasantly. ”
这因果太大了。 The cause and effect are too great.
章绘虽然只是给出一个消息，且说到底是为了偿还他的救命之恩。但精灵空间这东西已经不是可以用一条人命来衡量的，更重要的是章绘并不是心甘情愿，再加上其他两样东西，王叶如果全拿了，反而会欠下章绘因果。
Although Zhang Hui only gave a message, in the final analysis, it was to repay him for saving his life. But the elf space is no longer something that can be measured by a human life, and more importantly, Zhang Hua is not willing, plus the other two things, if Wang Ye takes them all, he will owe Zhang Hua cause and effect.
如果他杀了章绘，是可以了结他和章绘之间的因果，但他欠下的并不会一笔勾销，而是会转嫁到其他相关事情上，比如精灵空间变得很容易被人发现、被无数人觊觎乃至抢夺之类。
If he kills Zhang Hui, he can end the cause and effect between him and Zhang Hui, but what he owes will not be written off, but will be transferred to other related things, such as the elf space becoming easy to be discovered, coveted by countless people, and even robbed.
上辈子，这个精灵空间就不知怎么流落了出去，引起了一场场腥风血雨，凡是得到这个空间的人都没什么好下场，最后听说还是精灵族某位大公爵出面，才把这精灵空间收回精灵族。
In the last life, this elf space somehow fell out, causing a bloody storm, and anyone who got this space had no good end, and finally I heard that it was a certain grand duke of the elf clan who came forward to take this elf space back to the elf clan.
王叶也试图争夺过，甚至亲手摸到过，但他得罪的人太多，刚拿到精灵空间就被人出卖，为了保命，他只能把东西抛出去。不抛不行，这东西就算和玩家绑定，死了也会掉落。
Wang Ye also tried to fight, and even touched it with his own hands, but he offended too many people, and he was betrayed as soon as he got the elf space, and in order to save his life, he could only throw things out. If you don't throw it, you can't do it, even if this thing is bound to the player, it will drop when it dies.
这也是他对这木牌如此了解的原因。 That's why he knows so much about the wooden sign.
所以王叶给了章绘分赃的机会，并且不是直接给他某个物品，而是拿着铁盒让他选。如此，不管章绘选了哪一个，他都不会欠章绘，反而仍旧是章绘欠他。
So Wang Ye gave Zhang Hui the opportunity to share the spoils, and instead of directly giving him a certain item, he took the iron box and let him choose. In this way, no matter which one Zhang Hui chooses, he will not owe Zhang Hui, but Zhang Yi still owes him.
王叶也不怕章绘会选择精灵空间，如果那老海盗真的知道这是什么，怎么还会把他的财宝都放在一个破铁盒子里还埋起来。精灵空间可是能滴血认主的，老海盗如果想把这张小木牌藏在身上，怎么都能藏起来。另外听说如果是精灵族持有，该空间还能隐形。
Wang Ye was not afraid that Zhang Hua would choose the elven space, if the old pirate really knew what this was, how could he still put his treasures in a broken iron box and bury them. The elven space can drip blood to recognize the Lord, and if the old pirate wants to hide this small wooden card on his body, he can hide it no matter what. In addition, I heard that if it is held by the elves, the space can also be invisible.
就算章绘真的走了狗屎运，放弃两千金的钱卡，硬是选择了木牌。那也无所谓，王叶是想要储物空间，但也不是那么急需，最主要的是他已经有目标。
Even if Zhang Hui really took shit luck, he gave up the money card of two thousand gold, and chose the wooden card. It doesn't matter, Wang Ye wants storage space, but it's not so urgent, the most important thing is that he already has a goal.
咳，说白了，王叶就喜欢别人欠他因果，这样他才能掌握主动，立于不败之地。
cough, to put it bluntly, Wang Ye likes others to owe him cause and effect, so that he can take the initiative and be invincible.
这些原由，王叶无法解释给雷木听，但他用分运来转移老天爷注意力这一说，雷木也接受了。像他们修炼异术的，包括魔法师在内，对于这种涉及到天地规则的事情都会抱有一定的敬畏心。
Wang Ye couldn't explain these reasons to Lei Mu, but he used the distribution to divert God's attention, and Lei Mu also accepted it. Like them, those who practice strange arts, including magicians, will have a certain awe for this kind of thing that involves the rules of heaven and earth.
“木木，你赶紧滴血，用自己的精神力覆盖这个木牌。这个精灵空间就是你的了，只要你还活着，别人就抢不走。”王叶催雷木。
"Mumu, you hurry up and drip blood and cover this wooden card with your spiritual power. This elf space is yours, and as long as you are alive, no one else can take it away. "Wang Ye urged Lei Mu.
雷木眼神怪异地看向王叶。 Lei Mu looked at Wang Ye with strange eyes.
他知道这孩子大方，但这也未免太大方，大方过头了！ He knew that this kid was generous, but this was too generous, too generous!
“你知道这是什么，还要把它给我？” "You know what this is, and you're going to give it to me?"
“是啊。”王叶看雷木想要拒绝，立即嬉皮笑脸地拍拍他的胳膊说道：“爸爸的就是你的，你的也是爸爸的，以后你有了好东西也想着我就是。”
"yes." Wang Ye saw that Lei Mu wanted to refuse, and immediately patted his arm with a hippie smile and said: "Dad's is yours, yours is also Dad's, and you will think of me when you have good things in the future." ”
“那不一样。”雷木真的不想拿，占便宜不是这样占的。他把精灵空间又塞回给王叶。
"That's different." Lei Mu really doesn't want to take it, it's not like this to take advantage. He stuffed the elven space back to Wang Ye.
王叶只好使出杀招：“其实精灵空间有个大问题。” Wang Ye had no choice but to make a killing move: "Actually, there is a big problem in the elf space. ”
“什么问题？”雷木单纯好奇。 "What's the problem?" Raimu was simply curious.
王叶语气深沉地道：“拿了这东西的人会被精灵追杀。木木啊，你看爸爸现在这么弱，如果被精灵族知道我拿了他们的至宝，你觉得我还能活多久？”
Wang Ye said in a deep tone: "The person who takes this thing will be hunted down by the elves. Mu Mu, you see that my father is so weak now, if the elves know that I have taken their treasure, how long do you think I can live? ”
雷木并没有听过精灵空间的大名，他以为这个储物空间只是取了这么一个名字，没想到这东西竟然真的和精灵族有关。
Lei Mu hadn't heard of the name of the elf space, he thought that this storage space was just given such a name, but he didn't expect this thing to be really related to the elf race.
“精灵族可是很厉害的，他们的耳目遍及天下，如果被他们发现，爸爸就死定啦。好木木，你就当帮帮爸爸，把这个空间收了吧。这样只要你在我身边，我既有空间可以用，也不用怕精灵找上我。你就同意吧，收了吧~”王叶抱着雷木的胳膊胡搅蛮缠，嗷嗷叫个不停。
雷木信以为真，考虑再三，到底决定收下这个精灵空间。
等雷木滴血认主，再用自己的精神力和精灵空间建立起联系后，他就知道自己上当了。
这东西能直接隐入体内，只要他自己不说，谁能发现？ This thing can be hidden directly into the body, as long as he doesn't say it himself, who can find out?
而且这空间未免也太大了吧？据他目测，最少也有上千立方。
And that's too much space, isn't it? According to his eyesight, there are at least 1,000 cubic meters.
可这时候雷木也不好就这么切断和精灵空间的联系，把空间再让给王叶，这样做不说会不会伤小孩的心，也过于侨情。
But at this time, Lei Mu is not good to cut off the connection with the elf space like this, and give the space to Wang Ye again, not to mention whether it will hurt the child's heart, and it is too affectionate.
不过古怪的是这空间就像新的一样，里面什么都没有。 But the strange thing is that this space is like new, and there is nothing in it.
也许这空间以前的主人把里面的东西都取走了？ Maybe the previous owner of this space took everything inside?
总觉得有些古怪。但雷木也没多想。 It's always a little weird. But Remu didn't think much of it.
王叶看到木牌在雷木手中消失，也愣了愣。不是说这东西只有用精灵族血脉激发才能隐形吗？
Wang Ye was also stunned when he saw the wooden card disappear in Lei Mu's hand. Doesn't it mean that this thing can only be invisible if it is stimulated by the blood of the elves?
难道木木有精灵族血脉？ Could it be that Mumu has elven blood?
王叶仔细打量雷木，怎么看都不像。他的大木头半点精灵族特征都没有。
Wang Ye looked at Lei Mu carefully, no matter how he looked at it, it didn't look like it. His big wood has no elven features.
雷木看他打量的目光，还以为他好奇他把空间藏到了哪里，就指了指自己的胸口：“那东西自己跑到了这里，像是在这里安家了。”
Lei Mu looked at his looking gaze, and thought that he was curious about where he had hidden the space, so he pointed to his chest: "That thing ran here by itself, like it has made a home here." ”
“那就好。我还想着要不要给这木牌换个颜色再套个不同形状的外壳，现在它自己能隐形那最好。”王叶没问雷木是否有精灵族血脉，不管雷木有什么血脉，都是他的大木头。
"That's good. I also wondered if I might change the color of the wooden card and put a different shape of shell, so that it would be best if it could be invisible on its own. "Wang Ye didn't ask Lei Mu if he had elven blood, no matter what blood Lei Mu had, it was his big wood.
雷木似笑非笑：“你会不知道这东西能隐形？你就蒙我吧，你看我以后还会不会相信你说的话。”
Lei Mu smiled: "You don't know that this thing can be invisible?" You will be fooled by me, and you will see if I will believe what you say in the future. ”
王叶嚎：“我真不知道。”又捂住心脏做哀戚状：“木木，我们的信任就这么薄弱吗？”
Wang Ye howled: "I really don't know. He covered his heart again and made a mourning gesture: "Mumu, is our trust so weak?" ”
雷木失笑，一拍小东西的额头：“行了，别演了。这么宝贵的东西就这么给出来，你别后悔就行。”
Lei Mu smiled and slapped the little thing's forehead: "Okay, stop acting." Such a precious thing is given out like this, you don't regret it. ”
王叶才不会后悔，他是给他的木头，又不是给别人。 Wang Yecai will not regret it, he is giving it to him, not to others.
“这戒指，我打算留给这两家人。”王叶拿起铁盒内最后一样宝物，突然道。
"This ring, I plan to leave it to these two families." Wang Ye picked up the last treasure in the iron box and said suddenly.
雷木了然：“分运？” Lei Mu said: "Distribution? ”
“也不完全是。就当我们帮那个老海盗还他欠这家人的孽债吧。”
"Not exactly. Let's help the old pirate pay his debt to his family. ”
王叶看过因果卷，他和这两家人之间除了租房的关系，也有了那么一丝小因果，但也只有一丝。
Wang Ye has seen the cause and effect volume, and in addition to the relationship between him and the two families, there is also a trace of small cause and effect, but there is only a trace.
毕竟他来取物，是章绘在还他的恩情。 After all, he came to pick up things, and it was Zhang Hui who repaid his kindness.
而老海盗则是欠了章绘的照顾之情。 And the old pirate owes Zhang Hui the care.
老海盗欠这家人的，那是老海盗和这家人之间的因果，扯不上别人。
What the old pirate owes to this family is the cause and effect between the old pirate and the family, and nothing else can be done.
这一丝因果，无非是王叶和雷木从这家人院子中不问自取了原本属于老海盗的东西。
This trace of cause and effect is nothing more than Wang Ye and Lei Mu taking something from the family's courtyard that originally belonged to the old pirate without asking.
其实这一丝因果，大头都担在章绘那儿，王叶和雷木两人只分到了一丝丝，基本可以忽略不计。
In fact, this trace of cause and effect, the majority of the head is borne by Zhang Hui, and Wang Ye and Lei Mu only got a trace of it, which is basically negligible.
但王叶既然把精灵空间给了雷木，就不希望这东西很快暴露出来进而牵连到雷木的安危，为此，哪怕只有一丝丝小小的因果，他也要消除掉。
But since Wang Ye gave the elf space to Lei Mu, he didn't want this thing to be exposed soon and implicate Lei Mu's safety, so for this reason, even if there was only a trace of cause and effect, he had to eliminate it.
雷木没有意见，他原本就不是贪财的人，这次能得到一个大储物空间已经是意外之喜的意外之喜。
Lei Mu has no opinion, he is not a greedy person in the first place, and it is already an unexpected surprise to be able to get a large storage space this time.
再说这戒指对两人真没什么大用，卖了是可以卖一笔钱，但相较于欠下的因果，王叶宁可把东西白送出去。
Besides, this ring is really of little use to the two of them, and it can be sold for a sum of money if it is sold, but compared to the cause and effect owed, Wang Ye would rather give things away for nothing.
当然，戒指不可能就这么随便给出去，他们得想个合理的理由。
Of course, the ring can't just be given away, they have to think of a reasonable reason.
“你是个善良的好孩子。”雷木感叹地摸了摸王叶的头。
"You're a good, good boy." Lei Mu sighed and touched Wang Ye's head.
王叶认真点头：“是啊，全世界我最善良，据说我的灵魂是十世善人转世。”现在与这件事有关的所有人都欠他的了。
Wang Ye nodded seriously: "Yes, I am the kindest in the world, and it is said that my soul is the reincarnation of the tenth generation of good people." "Now everyone who has to do with this owe him a lot.
“你就贫吧。”雷木哈哈大笑，走出屋子，把院子挖出的泥土尽量恢复原状。
"You're poor." Remu laughed and walked out of the house, restoring as much dirt as possible from the yard.
王叶屁颠颠地跟出去，提起丢在院子里的背篓，从里面拿出几株还带着泥巴的草药，种到那处墙角。
Wang Ye followed out, picked up the basket that had been thrown in the yard, took out a few herbs that were still muddy from it, and planted them in the corner.
雷木失笑：“你倒是想得周到。” Lei Mu smiled: "You are thoughtful. ”
王叶得意一笑。 Wang Ye smiled proudly.
当天中午，两人就去了集市一趟，把海崖海蛋几个孩子领了过来。
At noon that day, the two went to the market and brought the children of Haiya Haidan.
他们租的房子去除厨房茅房和客厅，有两大两小四个房间，足够几个少年儿童住下。
The house they rented had four rooms, two large and two small, with four rooms, large enough for a few children to live in.
这儿的条件可比集市那边的棕榈房要好多了，几个孩子一过来全都高兴得在屋里窜来窜去。
The conditions here were much better than those in the palm house on the other side of the market, and the children were all happy to wander around the house.
船锚也跟来了，一看这院落和屋子就说：“这么一整栋房子，这一个月的租金要不少吧？”
The anchor also came, and when he looked at the courtyard and the house, he said, "Such a whole house, this month's rent is quite a lot, right?" ”
雷木笑笑没说数额。 Lei Mu smiled and didn't say the amount.
船锚也没多问，他知道这两人都是有大能力的，之前漂到他们海沟岛只是一时落难，等他们伤势一好，赚钱对他们就不是问题。
The anchor didn't ask much, he knew that these two people were very capable, and they had only been shipwrecked when they drifted to Trench Island before, and when their injuries were healed, making money would not be a problem for them.
最重要的是这两人有能力后还愿意提携他们村人，连租栋好房子都不忘叫他们村的孩子过来和他们一起住，这才是最让船锚感动和感激的。
The most important thing is that these two people are willing to bring their villagers with them after they have the ability, and they don't forget to ask the children of their village to come and live with them even if they rent a good house, which is what touches and appreciates the anchor the most.
船锚看这一屋子的孩子，就提议道：“如果不打搅你们，可以让沙姐也带孩子住过来，村西口那边还是不太安全，而且沙姐过来还能帮你们做饭打扫看房子，你们出去忙也不怕有人闯空门。”
The anchor looked at the children in this room, and proposed: "If you don't bother you, you can let Sister Sha also bring the children to live here, it's still not safe at the west entrance of the village, and Sister Sha can come over and help you cook and clean the house, and you won't be afraid of someone breaking into the empty door when you go out." ”
王叶和雷木互看，觉得这主意不错，反正都带一群孩子过来住了，再多几个也无所谓，房间也够。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu looked at each other and thought that this was a good idea, anyway, they brought a group of children to live there, it didn't matter if there were a few more, the room was enough.
于是王叶就让船锚把鲨鱼一家都喊来。 So Wang Ye asked the anchor to call the shark family.
不到两个小时，鲨鱼就带着全副家当和老婆孩子一起过来了。比起村西口那里一堆陌生人，当然还是住在村里更安全，更何况这还是有着石头围墙的石头房。
In less than two hours, the shark came over with all his belongings, wife and children. Compared to the bunch of strangers at the west entrance of the village, of course, it is safer to live in the village, not to mention that this is still a stone house with stone walls.
沙姐看到王叶也没有千恩万谢，而是立刻就开始打扫屋子，并接手厨房。她两个孩子都很安静懂事，半点没有村里其他孩子的闹腾。
Sister Sha didn't thank Wang Ye when she saw it, but immediately began to clean the house and take over the kitchen. Her two children are very quiet and sensible, and there is no noise from other children in the village.
船桨看到沙姐过来最高兴，连忙跟到厨房去帮忙。 The oar was happiest to see Sister Sha coming, and hurriedly followed her to the kitchen to help.
海崖等少年也赶紧找事做，打水劈柴，收拾屋子，谁也不好意思闲着。
Haiya and other teenagers also hurried to find something to do, fetch water and chop wood, clean up the house, and no one was embarrassed to be idle.
王叶原本要把两个大房间之一分给鲨鱼一家，但沙姐主动说她和船桨带女儿住一小间，让鲨鱼带着长子也住一个小间，另外一个大间就给五个男孩住。
Wang Ye originally wanted to give one of the two large rooms to the shark family, but Sister Sha took the initiative to say that she and the oars would take their daughter to live in a small room, let the shark and her eldest son also live in a small room, and the other big room would be for five boys.
王叶一看这分配更合理，反正也就一个月时间，就同意了。
Wang Ye saw that this distribution was more reasonable, and it only took a month anyway, so he agreed.
当天中午，十来个人就在这栋屋子里吃了一顿饱饱的中午饭。王叶觉得只冲着这顿饭，让鲨鱼一家住进来就特别值，沙姐的手艺可比村里带来的那些人好多了。
At noon that day, a dozen or so people had a full lunch in this house. Wang Ye felt that it was especially worthwhile to let the shark family live in just for this meal, and Sister Sha's craftsmanship was much better than those brought by the village.
有沙姐在，他只要负责提供生活费，其他什么都不用烦。
With Sister Sha here, as long as he is responsible for providing living expenses, he doesn't have to worry about anything else.
船锚可不敢让王叶和雷木提供生活费，他跟鲨鱼夫妇俩悄悄说了，这边需要什么都从村子摊子上拿，不管是钱还是物。鲨鱼表示有数。
The anchor didn't dare to let Wang Ye and Lei Mu provide living expenses, he whispered to the shark couple that everything needed here would be taken from the village stall, whether it was money or things. Shark means there are numbers.
饭后，船锚又把几个少年男女集中起来，让他们一定不能闹腾，要听话，如果给王叶和雷木添麻烦，不用那两位贵客惩罚，村里会先把他们剥层皮。
After the meal, the anchor gathered a few young men and women together, so that they must not make trouble, they must be obedient, if they cause trouble to Wang Ye and Lei Mu, they will not be punished by those two distinguished guests, and the village will skin them first.
最调皮的海蛋听了这话都老实了，更何况其他几个特别被挑选出来的孩子。大家都很珍惜跟随小叶子学习的机会，谁也不想被撵回去。
The most naughty sea eggs were honest when they heard this, not to mention the other children who were specially selected. Everyone cherishes the opportunity to learn from Xiao Yezi, and no one wants to be pushed back.
下午，王叶就在院子里一边制作成品药物，一边给几个少年儿童上课。
In the afternoon, Wang Ye was in the courtyard making finished medicines and teaching lessons to several teenagers and children.
鲨鱼的长子鲨沙也悄悄溜到院子里，坐在最后面听课。 The shark's eldest son, Shark Sha, also slipped quietly into the courtyard and sat at the back to listen to the lecture.
沙姐坐在屋檐下，守着睡着的女儿，手里补着丈夫的衣服，偶尔抬头看看院子里的一群，看到儿子有模有样地跟着听，就忍不住想笑。
Sister Sha sat under the eaves, guarding her sleeping daughter, mending her husband's clothes in her hands, occasionally looking up at a group in the yard, and seeing her son listening in style, she couldn't help but want to laugh.
墙头探出一个小脑袋，好奇地看着自家院子里的一堆人。隔壁进进出出这么多人，租出房子的弟弟家十分担心，就怕他们糟蹋了房屋，但又不好意思立刻上门询问。
A small head poked out of the wall, looking curiously at the crowd of people in his yard. With so many people coming in and out of the next door, the younger brother's family who rented out the house was very worried, afraid that they would spoil the house, but they were too embarrassed to come to the door to inquire immediately.
这家的孩子憋不住，抱着监督的心思，爬上自家墙头，就等着一旦发现有人糟蹋他家，他就大声阻止再告家长。
The children of this family couldn't hold it back, and with the intention of supervision, they climbed the wall of their house, waiting for him to stop him loudly from suing his parents if he found out that someone was ruining his house.
结果他看到了什么？ What did he see as a result?
偷看的小孩已经有十岁出头，看了一会儿，就奔回屋子，跟屋里的大人汇报：“爹，娘，大伯，大伯娘，我看到好多药师学徒！”
The peeking child was already in his early teens, and after watching for a while, he ran back to the house and reported to the adults in the house: "Dad, mother, uncle, uncle, I see a lot of pharmacist apprentices!" ”
第40章 先买一步 Chapter 40: Buy First
药师学徒哪可能有好多，而且两家人都看到那些进出隔壁的人的穿着打扮，和附近那些穷岛民一模一样，怎么可能是高贵又稀少的药师学徒？
How could there be a lot of pharmacist apprentices, and both families saw that those who came in and out of the neighbor were dressed exactly like those poor islanders nearby, how could it be a noble and rare pharmacist apprentice?
小孩不服气，把他趴在墙头看到的情景详细描述一遍，说：“这不是药师学徒那是什么？”
Unconvinced, the child described in detail what he saw lying on the wall, and said, "This is not a pharmacist apprentice, what is it?" ”
“你说他们在制作药物？”大人们怀疑。 "You say they're making drugs?" Adults were skeptical.
“是啊，千真万确，我看到他们好像在调制一种黑黑的药膏。”
"Yes, it's true, I see that they seem to be concocting a black ointment."
这两家大人面面相觑，猜测：“大概是岛上渔村里懂点草药的村老的学徒。”
The two adults looked at each other and guessed: "It is probably the apprentice of the village elder who knows some herbs in the fishing village on the island." ”
“应该就是这样了。” "That's how it should be."
小孩不懂，“懂草药的村老的学徒和药师学徒不一样吗？”
The child didn't understand, "Isn't the apprentice of the village elder who understands herbal medicine different from the apprentice of the pharmacist?" ”
“那当然不一样。”大人们失笑，不无骄傲地说：“药师学徒可是要经过正规考核的，有药师公会的证明才能自称药师学徒，像咱们村那位就是。至于只懂得一些草药的人，那可不能称为药师学徒，只能叫野草药师。”
"Of course it's different." The adults laughed and said proudly: "Pharmacist apprentices have to go through a formal assessment, and they can only call themselves pharmacist apprentices with a certificate from the Pharmacist Guild, like the one in our village." As for those who only know some herbs, they cannot be called pharmacists' apprentices, they can only be called wild herbalists. ”
虽这么说，这两家人的女主人还是找了借口去隔壁看了看，美其名曰给租客送点食物。
Having said that, the hostess of the two families made an excuse to go next door and take a look, and in the name of bringing some food to the tenants.
沙姐去开门时，两家女主人就站在院子外面探头探脑，看到院子里果然晒了一些药草，连院子墙角都种植了一些。
When Sister Sha went to open the door, the two hostesses stood outside the courtyard and probed their brains, and saw that there were indeed some herbs in the yard, and even some were planted in the corner of the yard.
两家女主人就和沙姐聊了聊，很快就了解到他们这些人都是来自海沟岛，至于租他们房子的人则是海沟村的贵客。
The two hostesses chatted with Sister Sha, and soon learned that they were all from Trench Island, and the people who rented their houses were distinguished guests from Trench Village.
两家女主人重点想问那贵客是不是药师学徒，沙姐受过王叶嘱咐，只说她也不太清楚，说贵客并没有说明他们的身份，但确实比村里人更懂草药。
The two hostesses focused on asking if the distinguished guest was an apprentice of the pharmacist, and Sister Sha was instructed by Wang Ye, but she only said that she didn't know very well, saying that the distinguished guest did not explain their identity, but they did know more about herbal medicine than the people in the village.
两家女主人虽然没有得到明确答案，但好歹知道了租住自己房子的人并不是来历不明的海盗流寇，多少放了点心。
Although the two hostesses did not get a clear answer, they finally knew that the person renting their house was not a pirate rogue of unknown origin, so they put some snacks on it.
当日，大量商贩运送货物进入集市，附近能来海草岛的都来了。
On that day, a large number of merchants brought goods into the market, and everyone who could come to Seagrass Island in the vicinity came.
海沟村的大船也在村长带领下在傍晚前赶到海草岛，船锚和鲨鱼过来接的人。
The big boat of Trench Village also rushed to Seagrass Island before evening under the leadership of the village chief, and the anchor and shark came to pick up the people.
村长从船锚口中了解到鲨鱼的情况，对鲨鱼没有表现出任何异样，只老泪纵横地拍着鲨鱼的肩膀说肯回来就好。
The village chief learned about the shark from the anchor, and did not show any unusual attitude towards the shark, but patted the shark on the shoulder with tears and said that he would come back.
鲨鱼看村长也半点不排斥他，而且村长和船锚还跟村人说，是他们说动鲨鱼带家人回去村里，给足了他面子，把鲨鱼最后一丝犹豫也打消了。
The shark didn't reject him at all when he saw the village chief, and the village chief and the anchor also told the villagers that they said that the shark would bring his family back to the village, giving him enough face and dispelling the shark's last hesitation.
次日，一年一度的海草村大集市终于打开了大门。 The next day, the doors of the annual Seagrass Village Grand Market finally opened.
这一日，整个村子的人都在往大集市跑，一为看热闹，二来头一天很多摊主为了招揽顾客会搞很多优惠。
On this day, the whole village is running to the big market, one is to see the excitement, and the other is that many stall owners will make a lot of discounts in order to attract customers on the first day.
整个集市熙熙攘攘，热闹得不行。 The whole bazaar was bustling and lively.
海沟村摊点旁边多了一张草席，草席上放了一些整理过的药草，草席一角还插了一根树枝，树枝上撑着一张粗布，粗布上用炭条写着“乡村野医，善治骨伤”两行字。
There is an extra straw mat next to the stall in Haigou Village, on which some sorted herbs are placed, and a branch is inserted in the corner of the straw mat, and a coarse cloth is supported on the branch, on which the coarse cloth is written with charcoal strips: "Rural field doctors, good at treating bone injuries".
过来过去的人几乎没有谁在这个摊位前停驻，这个摊子上不但药草极少，看守摊子的也只是几个少年，谁也没把他们当回事。
Almost none of the people who came over stopped in front of this stall, not only were there very few medicinal herbs on this stall, but there were only a few teenagers guarding the stall, and no one took them seriously.
海崖等人也不在意，他们正在温习小叶子昨天教他们的功课，互相抽背药草的形状、产地、习性和药效等。
Haiya and the others didn't care, they were reviewing the lesson that Xiao Yezi taught them yesterday, and they were reciting each other's shape, origin, habits, and medicinal effects.
王叶因材施教，知道这些孩子没半点基础，他就没有教让人头大的理论知识，而是让海崖等人先记他使用的药草，然后再教他们一个利用药泥的简单配方。
Wang Ye taught according to his aptitude, knowing that these children had no foundation, he did not teach the theoretical knowledge that made people head up, but asked Haiya and the others to memorize the herbs he used first, and then teach them a simple recipe for using medicinal mud.
而王叶本人现在在哪里呢？ And where is Wang Ye himself now?
他在和雷木逛街。 He's shopping with Thunderwood.
“这些药草怎么卖？”王叶蹲在一个摊子前，指着摊子上那些根部还带着泥巴的新鲜药草问。
"How do you sell these herbs?" Wang Ye squatted in front of a stall and asked, pointing to the fresh herbs on the stall with mud on their roots.
卖药草的摊主也是附近岛屿的岛民，皮肤黝黑，笑起来很憨厚：“这都是我这两天从咱们岛上现采的，三株一个铜币。没有铜币，用其他东西换也成。”
The stall owner selling medicinal herbs is also an islander from a nearby island, with dark skin and a very honest smile: "These are all freshly picked from our island in the past two days, three plants and one copper coin." There are no copper coins, so you can exchange them for other things. ”
不问什么药草，三株一个铜币，真的是便宜得没话说了。
Regardless of what herbs are used, three plants and one copper coin are really cheap.
王叶看这些药草他都用得上，毫不犹豫地道：“这些药草我都要了。”
Wang Ye saw that he could use all these herbs, and said without hesitation: "I want all these herbs." ”
摊主看小孩身边的大人没反对，大喜。没想到他才来头一天，就能把带来的药草全都卖光，他还担心开的价会不会太高，当即就连声道：“好好好，我给你用筐装起来。筐子不要你钱，送给你。”
The stall owner saw that the adults around the child did not object, and he was overjoyed. Unexpectedly, he was only the first day that he could sell all the herbs he brought, and he was worried that the price would not be too high, so he immediately said: "Okay, okay, I'll put it in a basket for you." The basket doesn't want your money, but gives it to you. ”
这摊主的村人也都羡慕得看向他，他们村的摊子除了卖村里共有的货物，每个人还允许自带一些东西过来卖，个人的东西卖出去那就属于个人，不用交给村里。
The stall owner's villagers also looked at him with envy, in addition to selling goods common to the village, everyone was also allowed to bring some things to sell, and personal things belonged to the individual and did not need to be handed over to the village.
王叶还在这个渔村的摊子上买了一些鱼鳔、干海马、乌贼骨和一些海珍珠。
Wang Ye also bought some fish bladders, dried seahorses, squid bones and some sea pearls at a stall in this fishing village.
这些海珍珠形状不规则，很小，只比米粒大一圈，属于卖不上价的不值钱货，但用来做药物，药性都一样。
These sea pearls are irregularly shaped, very small, only one circle larger than a grain of rice, and belong to worthless goods that cannot be sold at a high price, but they are used to make medicines, and the medicinal properties are the same.
看守摊子的岛民看这小孩买东西都不还价，笑得合不拢嘴，跟他主动推荐其他货物。
The islanders who guarded the stall saw that the kid didn't bargain when he bought things, smiled from ear to ear, and offered to recommend other goods to him.
王叶发现这个摊点的岛民似乎很善于制作药用海货，拿出来的几乎都是可以药食两用的，比如干海参、海蛇、海鳗和瑶柱等。
Wang Ye found that the islanders at this stall seemed to be very good at making medicinal seafood, and almost all of the products they took out could be used for both medicine and food, such as dried sea cucumbers, sea snakes, moray eels, and scallops.
但王叶囊中羞涩，这些海货价格都比较高，而且有些海货海沟村那边也有，他真需要，也没必要在别家的摊子上买。
But Wang Ye was shy, the prices of these seafood were relatively high, and some seafood were also available in Haigou Village, he really needed it, and there was no need to buy them at other stalls.
王叶离去不久，好几个海草村民簇拥着一人来到这家摊子前。
Not long after Wang Ye left, several seaweed villagers came to the stall in a crowd.
这家摊子的岛民们一看到来人就露出了复杂的表情，领头人堆起笑脸，熟悉地招呼：“药师大人，您来啦。”
The islanders of this stall showed complicated expressions as soon as they saw the arrival, and the leader smiled and greeted familiarly: "Yakushi-sama, you are here." ”
“我可还不是药师，别乱叫。”富奇器一边挑拣摊子上的货物，一边否认。
"I'm not a pharmacist yet, don't scream." Fuqiqi denied it while picking through the goods on the stall.
领头人赔笑，心里暗骂，谁敢叫你学徒，不怕被你穿小鞋吗。
The leader smiled and scolded in his heart, who dares to call you an apprentice, aren't you afraid of being put in small shoes.
富奇器正是海草村那唯一的药师学徒，富在海草村是大姓。
Fu Qiqi is the only pharmacist apprentice in Seagrass Village, and Fu is a big surname in Seagrass Village.
“金线飞鱼鱼鳔怎么没有了？”富奇器一阵乱翻，不满道。
"Why is there no golden-threaded flying fish swim bladder?" Fuqi flipped around for a while, and said dissatisfied.
“哦，刚才有人来买鱼鳔，可能都挑走了吧。” "Oh, someone came to buy the swim bladder just now, maybe they all picked it up."
富奇器气：“眼睛倒尖，最好的都给挑走了！” Fu Qi Qi: "The eyes are inverted, and the best ones have been picked away!" ”
领头人只赔笑，不说话。 The leader only smiled and did not speak.
富奇器又去看其他东西，挑拣半天，又问：“乌鱼骨呢？干海马呢？还有那种细小的海珍珠呢？怎么都没有？你们这次没带吗？”
Fu Qiqi went to look at other things, picked for a long time, and asked, "Where are the mullet bones?" What about dried seahorses? And what about the tiny sea pearls? Why not? Didn't you bring it this time? ”
领头人不得不回答：“也给刚才的客人买走了。” The leader had to reply: "I also bought it for the guest just now." ”
“我不是让你们有好的都给我留着吗！”富奇器怒。 "Didn't I let you keep all the good ones for me!" Fuqi is angry.
领头人心想人家客人都不还价，你呢，不但要我们折半，还要送你搭头，我们傻了才不卖给别人，非要等你来。
The leader thinks that other guests don't bargain, what about you, not only do you want us to fold in half, but also give you a ride, we are stupid not to sell to others, we have to wait for you to come.
“您可以看看海参和海蛇，我们这些都给您留着呢。”摊主赔笑。
"You can look at sea cucumbers and sea snakes, we have them all for you." The stall owner laughed.
“这些我能要多少？我最想要的你不给我留！以后我也不会在你家买了。”富奇器一怒之下，干脆什么都不买，转身就走。
"How much more can I ask for? I want you not to keep it for me! I won't buy it at your house in the future. Fu Qiqi was furious, and simply didn't buy anything, turned around and left.
这摊子的岛民也不在乎，他们东西好，不愁卖不出去，以前不过是看在附近岛屿只有富奇器一个人是药师学徒，大家多少都有求到对方的时候，这才便宜卖他。
The islanders of this stall don't care, they have good things, they don't have to worry about not being able to sell them, in the past, they just saw that only Fu Qiqi was a pharmacist apprentice on the nearby islands, and everyone had more or less begged each other, so they sold him cheaply.
但集市上卖东西讲个先来后到，你又没付定金，凭什么让人家把好货留给你，如果你不来买，那卖货人怎么办？
But if you don't come to buy things in the bazaar, and you don't pay a deposit, why should you let people leave good goods to you, if you don't come to buy them, what will happen to the sellers?
如果富奇器因为这点就针对他们岛，大不了他们以后看病就不找富奇器。实际上岛上真有谁得了重病，也极少有求到海草村的时候。距离那么远，送过去人也差不多快咽气了，而且不是所有岛民都能付得起富奇器的药费。
If the Fuqi device is aimed at their island because of this, it is a big deal that they will not look for the Fuqi device when they see a doctor in the future. In fact, there are really people on the island who are seriously ill, and it is rare to ask for Seagrass Village. The distance was so far that the people who sent it were almost out of breath, and not all the islanders could afford to pay for the Fuqi Weapon.
王叶又在一个摊子上看到了让他中意的药草，问过价钱，觉得适当，也买了不少。
Wang Ye saw the herbs he liked at a stall again, asked the price, thought it was appropriate, and bought a lot.
没多久，两人身上卖野猪剩下的银币就花得差不多。 It didn't take long for the two of them to spend about the same amount of silver coins left over from selling wild boars.
王叶刚离开这个摊子，富奇器也来到这边，他也是这个摊子的老主顾。
As soon as Wang Ye left this stall, Fu Qiqi also came here, and he was also the old customer of this stall.
摊主来自一个很大的岛屿，这个岛屿是个三连岛，但只有最外围住有少部分岛民。另外两座内岛上有不少质量非常好的药草，而且只有他们那里有。
The stall owners come from a large island, which is a triple island, but only a small number of islanders live on the outermost part. The other two inner islands have quite a few very good quality herbs, and only they have them.
遗憾的是，三连岛内部的两座岛生活着一群野人，里面的野兽也厉害，那些野人只认住在外岛的岛民，别人去那边采集药草，会被那些野人追杀。
It's a pity that there is a group of wild people living on the two islands inside Sanlian Island, and the wild beasts inside are also powerful, and those wild people only recognize the islanders who live on the outer islands, and others who go there to collect medicinal herbs will be hunted down and killed by those wild people.
所以三连岛摊子上的药草向来卖得飞快，富奇器也不敢像对其他附近岛民一样，向他们压价。
Therefore, the medicinal herbs on the stalls on Sanlian Island have always been sold quickly, and Fuqi does not dare to lower the price to them like other nearby islanders.
富奇器以为自己来的已经足够早，通常三连岛上的药草再受欢迎，卖完也需要两天时间。
Fu Qi thought that he had come early enough, and usually no matter how popular the herbs on Sanren Island were, it would take two days to sell them out.
三连岛的药草是没有卖完，但富奇器最想要买的两种草药竟然一株都没剩！
The herbs on Sanlian Island have not been sold out, but there is not a single one of the two herbs that Fuqiqi wants to buy the most!
富奇器要气炸了。今天真的太不顺了，他想买什么都没买到。
Fuqi is about to explode. Today was really unpleasant, he didn't get anything he wanted to buy.
雷木看王叶一脸兴奋的神情，忍不住问：“买到好东西了？”
Lei Mu looked at Wang Ye's excited expression, and couldn't help asking, "Have you bought something good?" ”
王叶咧嘴笑：“今天运气不错，没想到会在这里买到龙鳞草和紫雲花，还不是干货，而是新鲜货。”
Wang Ye grinned: "Good luck today, I didn't expect to buy dragon scale grass and purple cloud flowers here, they are not dry goods, but fresh goods." ”
“这两种药草很有用？” "These two herbs are useful?"
“有用，非常有用。我不是说要泡药浴吗？我知道好几种药浴方子，其中使用龙鳞草的方子用来打基础最好。而紫雲花可以温养精神力，是制作一种精神力恢复药剂的主药，但我还知道一个紫雲花的使用方法，在药浴中恰当使用可以提升精神力哦。现在我们只要再买一些常用的配药，就能进行第一次药浴啦。”
"Useful, very useful. Didn't I say I wanted to take a medicated bath? I know of several medicinal bath recipes, among which the one that uses dragon scale grass is the best to lay the foundation. And the purple cloud flower can warm the mental power, and it is the main medicine for making a mental power recovery potion, but I also know how to use a purple cloud flower, and the proper use in the medicinal bath can improve the mental power. Now we just need to buy some more commonly used dispensing and we can take the first medicated bath. ”
王叶特别高兴，不论是龙鳞草还是紫雲花，如果在外面大陆上买，价格都贵得让人负担不了，可在这里，他用一个银币就买到了十株，这价格简直就跟白捡的一样。
Wang Ye was particularly happy, whether it was the Dragon Scale Grass or the Purple Cloud Flower, if it was bought on the outer continent, the price would be too expensive to afford, but here, he bought ten plants with one silver coin, and the price was simply the same as picking it up for nothing.
“要去佣兵公会看看吗？”雷木指向不远处。 "Do you want to go to the Mercenary Guild?" Raimu pointed not far away.
王叶顺着雷木手指看过去，发现那竟然是佣兵公会一处临时分站点，不少人在那里接交任务，也有人在委托任务，还有不少商人拿着钱卡在那里兑换现金。
Wang Ye followed Lei Mu's finger and found that it was a temporary branch of the Mercenary Guild, where many people took over tasks, some people entrusted tasks, and many merchants exchanged cash with money cards.
“好啊。木木，你是想给那位药师寄信？” "Okay. Mumu, do you want to send a letter to that pharmacist? ”
“你不是说那位药师距离我们太远，等他过来，什么都来不及了吗。我去看看有什么任务是我能做的。”
"Didn't you say that the medicine man was too far away from us, and when he came, it would be too late for anything. I'm going to see if there's anything I can do. ”
“那我也去看看，说不定有人需要药师。”王叶自然跟着一起过去。
"Then I'll go check it out, maybe someone needs a pharmacist." Wang Ye naturally followed along.
富奇器这时恰好路过海沟村的摊点，他识字，一眼就看到那张幌子。
Fu Qiqi happened to pass by the stall in Trench Village at this time, he was literate, and he saw the banner at a glance.
“乡村野医？还算有点自知之明。” "Country Doctor? It's kind of self-aware. ”
再往下看。 Look further down.
“善治骨伤？真是吹牛不打草稿，大概又是个会用木板绑断骨就敢自称神医的家伙。”富奇器不屑。
"Good for bone injuries? It's really a brag and doesn't make drafts, and he's probably a guy who can tie broken bones with a wooden board and dare to call himself a miracle doctor. Fuqiqi disdainful.
村长认出了这位药师学徒，连忙过来见礼。 The village chief recognized the pharmacist apprentice and hurriedly came over to greet him.
富奇器撇嘴，不是很想搭理地问：“你们村的黑猪奶奶也来了？”
Fu Qiqi pursed his lips, and asked very reasonably: "The black pig grandmother from your village is also here?" ”
村长忙回答：“没有，她这次没来。” The village chief hurriedly replied: "No, she didn't come this time." ”
富奇器一指布幌：“那是谁借了你们的地？我都不知道你们村竟然有人会写字。”
Fuqi pointed to the cloth: "Then who borrowed your land?" I didn't even know that there were people in your village who could write. ”
村长讪笑，被羞辱了也不能动怒，只道：“那是村里的贵客，临时借用我们的摊子而已。”
The village chief sneered, and he couldn't be angry when he was humiliated, so he only said: "That's a distinguished guest in the village, who temporarily borrowed our stall." ”
“哦？他人呢？”富奇器扫过海崖等人，没发现任何像贵客的人。
"Oh? Where is he? "Fu Qi swept over the sea cliff and the others, and did not find anyone who looked like a distinguished guest.
村长不高兴富奇器对村里贵客那轻慢的口气，忍怒道：“贵客去逛集市了。富药师有什么事要找他吗？”
The village chief was not pleased with Fu Qiqi's contemptuous tone towards the distinguished guests in the village, and said angrily: "The distinguished guests have gone to the market. Does the rich pharmacist have something to look for him? ”
“没事还不能问了？”富奇器变脸，他今天进入集市就不顺，心情特别不好，别人还没说什么，他就被点着了。
"It's okay and you can't ask?" Fu Qiqi's face changed, he didn't go well when he entered the market today, he was in a very bad mood, and before anyone else could say anything, he was set on fire.
“哟，这不是富药师吗，好久不见，您看着可真精神，海神爷爷果然还是最宠爱您啊。”船锚感觉不妙，立刻从店铺里出来，特别热情地对富奇器打招呼：“富药师您看我们的海货，可有想要的，便宜算给您。”
"Yo, isn't this a rich pharmacist, I haven't seen you for a long time, you look really spirited, Grandpa Poseidon really loves you the most." The anchor felt bad, and immediately came out of the shop, and greeted Fu Qiqi very warmly: "Fu Yaoshi, look at our seafood, if you have what you want, it will be cheaper for you." ”
富奇器拉着脸，“你们的海珍珠还有吗？彩色的，我记得你们前几年卖过。”
Fuqiqi pulled his face, "Do you still have sea pearls?" Colorful, I remember you sold it a few years ago. ”
村长和船锚就知道他们拿出彩珠会被人惦记，这两年接连有不少人问，今年富奇器又来问。
The village chief and the anchor knew that they would be remembered for taking out the colored beads, and many people asked in the past two years, and this year the Fuqiqi came to ask again.
船锚一脸遗憾地摇头：“前几年就卖光啦。那么大的彩珠可不好获得，都是拼运气。这几年，咱们村给海神爷爷的上贡可能不太好，都没捞上什么好东西。”
The anchor shook his head regretfully: "It was sold out a few years ago." It's not easy to get such a big bead, it's all luck. In the past few years, our village's tribute to Grandpa Poseidon may not be very good, and we haven't caught anything good. ”
村长也忙道：“是啊，如果我们有好东西，一定给您留着。”
The village chief was also busy: "Yes, if we have good things, we will definitely keep them for you." ”
富奇器不高兴，伸脚一踢：“信你们才有鬼。如果让我知道你们有彩珠不卖给我，却卖给别人，以后你们就别想来咱们村卖货。”
Fu Qiqi was not happy, and stretched out his foot and kicked: "Only by believing in you can you have ghosts." If you let me know that you don't sell you colored beads to me, but sell them to others, you won't want to come to our village to sell goods in the future. ”
海蛋看到富奇器把小叶子准备的药草给踢飞，气得当场就要爆，被他哥捂住嘴巴一把按倒。
Hai Dan saw that Fu Qiqi kicked the herbs prepared by Xiao Yezi away, and he was so angry that he was about to explode on the spot, and his brother covered his mouth and pressed him down.
船桨寒着脸，把被踢飞的药草捡回来。 The oars grimaced and picked up the herbs that had been kicked away.
其他三个少年都对富奇器怒目而视，但等富奇器看过来时，又都低下头。
The other three teenagers all glared angrily at Fuqiqi, but when Fuqiqi looked at it, they all lowered their heads.
富奇器看海沟人敢怒不敢言，心里舒爽了一点，把船桨刚刚捡回来摆好的药草又给一脚踢飞，这才昂着头扬长而去。
Seeing that the trench people dared to be angry and didn't dare to speak, Fu Qiqi felt a little more relieved, and kicked the herbs that the oars had just picked up and put them in the air, and then walked away with his head held high.
“这个混蛋！”海蛋推开他哥，气得眼睛通红。 "This bastard!" Hai Dan pushed his brother away, his eyes red with anger.
船桨红着眼圈过去把那把药草捡回来，被踢了两次的药草已经烂了，再也不能放到摊子上卖。
The oars went over and picked up the herb with red eyes, but the herb that had been kicked twice was rotten and could no longer be sold at the stall.
船锚按住女儿的肩膀，“别难过。记住今天的心情，跟小叶子好好学，你们学得越好，以后我们村求到这混蛋头上的机会越少，我们就没必要再对他低头。”
The anchor pressed her daughter's shoulder, "Don't be upset. Remember today's mood and study hard with Xiao Yezi, the better you learn, the less chance our village will have to get to this bastard in the future, and we don't need to bow to him again. ”
村长也在安抚其他少年，“你们都听到你们船锚叔的话了。珍惜你们现在的机会，想要不再被人骑到头上耀武扬威，你们自己就得争气！”
The village chief was also reassuring the other teenagers, "You all heard what your anchor uncle said. Cherish your current opportunity, and if you want to no longer be ridden on your head to show off your might, you have to fight for yourself! ”
村长一咬牙，说出了村里的计划：“如果村里这次能赚到大钱，村里就把你们中学的最好的一个送出去给药师做学徒。”
The village chief gritted his teeth and said the village's plan: "If the village can make a lot of money this time, the village will send the best one of your middle schools out to be an apprentice to the pharmacist." ”
海崖等人唰地一下，齐齐抬起头。 Haiya and the others shook their heads and raised their heads in unison.
第41章 佣兵、整治 Chapter 41: Mercenaries, Rectification
佣兵公会是《极度危险》中最大的组织，游戏世界中到处都有他们的身影，佣兵公会的功能也很多。
The Mercenary Guild is the largest organization in Extreme Danger, and they are everywhere in the game world, and the Mercenary Guild has many functions.
玩家们后来发现接不到任务可以去佣兵公会，这才让升级速度加快不少。不过新手村一般没有佣兵公会，海草村这边算是特例，但佣兵公会的船只也只每年来一次。
Players later found that they could go to the Mercenary Guild if they couldn't receive the quest, which made the leveling speed up a lot. However, there is generally no mercenary guild in the novice village, and Seagrass Village is a special exception, but the ships of the mercenary guild only come once a year.
佣兵公会的站点同样是一座棕叶屋，但比别家都大得多，里面分成委托、交、接和兑换四个柜台。
The site of the Mercenary Guild is also a palm leaf house, but it is much larger than the others, and it is divided into four counters: commission, handover, pick-up and exchange.
所有来办事的人都在排队，没有人敢随便插队。 All the people who came to do the errand were in line, and no one dared to cut the queue casually.
公会的墙壁上挂着几块大黑板，上面写着任务的简单内容和编号，如果对某个任务感兴趣，可以记下编号翻看放在墙边桌子上的任务列表单。
There are several large blackboards hanging on the walls of the guild with simple contents and numbers of tasks, and if you are interested in a certain task, you can write down the number and look through the list of tasks placed on the table next to the wall.
任务列表单很厚，做成夹子状，就像商品介绍书一样，放了四本供人翻阅。如果有任务已经完成，就有工作人员打开夹子把相应的任务介绍单从夹子中拿出，如果有新的任务，就放一张新的详细介绍单进去。
The to-do list is thick, made into clips, like a product introduction book, and four copies are placed for people to flip through. If there is a task that has been completed, there is a staff member who opens the clip and takes out the corresponding task introduction sheet from the clip, and if there is a new task, put a new detailed description sheet into it.
第一次看到这些的人会觉得很新鲜，王叶上辈子见多了，进来都没多打量。
People who see these for the first time will feel very fresh, Wang Ye has seen a lot in his previous life, and he didn't look at it much when he came in.
雷木再次从小叶子身上感到了怪异之处，这孩子相较于他的年龄而言，太老练了。
Reimu once again felt something strange about Xiao Yezi, this kid was too sophisticated for his age.
就算有的孩子早熟早慧，但也不至于才八岁就表现得跟个佣兵老手一样。
Even if some children are precocious and precocious, they will not behave like a mercenary veteran at the age of eight.
雷木心中有疑问，却没有询问的打算。小叶子这么聪明，他如果想要掩饰，必然会掩饰得让人看不出来他的异样。那小叶子为什么在他面前不做任何掩饰呢？
Reimu had doubts in his heart, but he had no intention of asking. Xiao Yezi is so smart, if he wants to hide it, he will definitely hide it so that people can't see his strangeness. Then why didn't Xiao Yezi make any cover up in front of him?
答案他只能想到一个，那就是小叶子信任他。想想，对方连精灵空间这样的重宝都能毫无半丝不舍地送给他，单说信任恐怕都不足够。
He could only think of one answer, and that was that Xiao Yezi trusted him. Thinking about it, the other party can even give him such a heavy treasure as the elf space without any reluctance, and I am afraid that trust alone is not enough.
可为什么呢？就因为他拉了一把，小叶子就对他信赖并信重如此？
雷木总觉得原因没有这么简单。何况小叶子看着就不像是单纯的小孩，他的信任应该也更难获得才对。
“木木，你准备找什么样的任务？”王叶兴致勃勃地问。他丝毫没有掩饰他对佣兵公会的熟悉。
雷木浏览墙上挂着的任务列表，回答：“这种集市上的临时站点，一般会有不少当地的狩猎任务，还有短期的雇工。”
王叶握住雷木的大手：“不要做雇工。”
雷木反握住他的手：“嗯，放心，我不会离开你太远。”
这样的小叶子又像是小孩子了，就像是极度依恋他，舍不得跟他分开。
王叶蹭了蹭雷木的胳膊，他想说他会养木头，但木头和上辈子不一样，他不再是傀儡，有自己的完整意识，还是个健康的成年人，这样的雷木怎么也不可能让一个小孩子养着他。
而他也不想“雇佣”雷木，就只能让木木自己赚钱。
嗐，他怎么这么笨！都来佣兵公会了，为什么不和雷木组成一个佣兵小队，这样他们的关系也可以维系得更紧密一些。
王叶当即就拉着雷木往委托柜台挤，“木木，我们组一个佣兵小队好不好？就我们俩。”
雷木只当他小孩子心情，不想和他分开，就笑道：“你还这么小，佣兵公会可能不会同意让你做佣兵。”
“怎么会不同意？佣兵公会不是宣扬说不管是什么，只要有自己的独立意识并且是在自愿的情况下，任何物种都有权成为佣兵吗？”
“说的不错。小家伙你要成为佣兵吗？欢迎欢迎。”柜台里传来笑声。
王叶踮起脚，扒住柜台边沿，冲着里面的工作人员说：“大叔，我要申请成为佣兵。”
“没问题。”柜台里的大叔让王叶报上个人信息，不需要真实的。很快就给他办好了佣兵身份，还给了他一个初级徽章。
“好了，你现在已经成为一名光荣的佣兵，虽然还只是最低的一级佣兵，但你还小，前途无量，大叔相信你将来一定会成为佣兵王一样的厉害佣兵。”
附近人听了都在笑，谁都知道这是工作人员在逗小孩。
王叶也不生气，接过佣兵徽章，承认：“那是，我一定是最厉害的。”
“哈哈哈。”周围一片善意的笑声。
柜台里的大叔又笑着跟王叶讲解如何领取任务和交任务，重点告诉他：“徽章丢了没关系，可以补办。重要的是记住你的佣兵编号和你的个人密码。有这两样，你没带徽章也没关系。记住不要泄露你的个人密码，否则损失只能你个人承担。”
王叶表示明白，“大叔，我还要和我哥组建一个佣兵小队。”
柜台里的大叔看向站在王叶身后的雷木，在看到他脸上的刺青后，眼中闪过异色，但他没有表现出任何异常，只笑道：“可以。想好队伍叫什么名字了吗？”
王叶看雷木。
雷木摸摸他的脑袋，“你来决定。”
王叶想都不想，张口就道：“就叫草木皆兵。”
木就代指雷木，草也有叶的意思，兵可指佣兵，草木皆兵在药学中又有任何草木都有其作用的意思，乃是上辈子他师父给他们佣兵小队取的名字。
王叶很喜欢这个名字，就把他师父说的解释同样说给雷木听。
雷木细思，觉得这个名字还真不错，当下两人的迷你小队就用了这个名字。
王叶让雷木做了队长，而雷木作为四级佣兵，这支小队的起始等级也就有四级，表示他们可以随意领取包含四级在内以及四级以下的所有任务。
“你觉得这个任务怎么样？”雷木翻出任务详细给王叶看。
这是一个加急的护卫任务，护卫时间不长，只要在明晚一场交易会中保护雇主到交易会结束。说是保护，其实就是撑场面的。
王叶嫌弃道：“要求至少是四级佣兵，还一人只给一个金币，太小气了。倒是这个交易会有点意思，在集市之外开的交易会，应该会有些特殊的东西，我们可以去逛逛。”
雷木自无不可，他又翻出一个任务：“这个呢，代为揍人。”
“揍人？揍谁？”王叶来了点兴趣。
两人一起看任务详细，就见任务内容上写着：库曼商会的管事罗威尔是个混蛋，谁要是能把他揍得爬不起来，断一条腿给五十金币，断两条腿给两百，打死了给五百金币。
王叶眼睛一亮：“这个报酬不错。”
雷木不得不道：“库曼商会是个大商会，能做管事的人不说本身的身手，他身边一定有人保护。而且我们不确定那个管事到底是怎么得罪了发布任务的人，如果……”
“你看雇佣人，对方直接把名字亮出来了，这是摆明了不怕库曼商会，也不怕人查他们之间的恩怨。”王叶看着这个人名，脑中就自动浮现了一颗红色的脑袋。
没想到那位年轻的时候竟然是这种调调，前晚他还以为认错人，可惜他当时没能拍下来，否则二十年后把对方那副馋样拿给对方看，一定很有趣。
“你认识雇佣者？”雷木也看到雇佣者的名字，姓氏很熟悉。如果是他知道的那个家族的人，那确实不用畏惧库曼商会。
“算不上认识，只是听过他的名字。我们去打听打听他和那个罗威尔的事。”
红毛青年白卡卡和库曼商会罗威尔都是名人，两人之间的纠纷，一打听就打听到了。
原因很简单，据说库曼商会的船只在海上遇到了海盗，他们和海盗打得势均力敌，途中红毛青年的船只经过，以罗威尔为首的那只船队竟然把海盗引向红毛青年的船只，嘴巴上说共同对敌，实际上却把那群海盗甩给了红毛青年，自己跑了。
红毛青年干掉了那些海盗，但也吃了不小的亏，自己还受伤了。
等他带着自家商船来到海草岛，看到罗威尔带领的库曼商会的船队，当时就炸了。
但红毛青年的手下都有一定损伤，他们如果和罗威尔硬拼，虽然不会落到下风，但显然不划算。于是红毛青年就在佣兵公会发布了这个任务，专为出口气。
库曼商会的管事罗威尔也听说了这个任务，但比起生气，他更有些无可奈何之感。
罗威尔一开始并不知道红毛青年的身份，所以才敢把那些海盗甩给对方，自己跑掉。等他知道红毛青年竟然是那个家族的人，还是继承人之一后，他就知道麻烦大了。
现在对方聪明的只是针对他一人，完全把库曼商会撇在一边，商会哪怕看在对方家族的份上，也不会和红毛青年对上，更何况罗威尔一开始就不占理，哪怕红毛青年把罗威尔带领的整只船队都干掉，库曼商会都不好说什么。
罗威尔无法明着借用商会的力量保护自己，只能也发布任务，雇请佣兵保护他的人身安全，直到返回大陆。
现在这两人的事是海草岛最大的瓜，大家都在关注这件事的发展。不少佣兵凑热闹，真的领取了教训罗威尔的任务，反正有白家的少爷顶在前面，不管是罗威尔还是库曼商会都找不到佣兵头上。
王叶暗搓搓地让雷木也领了这个任务。
可惜罗威尔躲在商船上不下来，商船上留下的全是好手，佣兵们一时找不到机会教训罗威尔。
It's a pity that Rowell hid on the merchant ship and couldn't come down, and all the good hands left on the merchant ship were good, and the mercenaries couldn't find a chance to teach Lowell a lesson for a while.
为此，很多人都在等待明晚的交易会，这场交易会很重要，罗威尔作为这次库曼商会的领头人必须出面。
For this reason, many people are waiting for tomorrow night's trade fair, this trade fair is very important, and Rowell, as the leader of the Cuman Chamber of Commerce this time, must come forward.
这也是为什么很多人都在雇佣明晚的临时护卫，就是怕殃及池鱼。
This is also why many people are hiring temporary guards tomorrow night, just for fear of harming the pond fish.
“小叶子，你回来啦。”海蛋看到王叶回来，很沮丧地对他道：“你走了半天，我们一根药草都没卖出去。”
"Little Yezi, you're back." When Hai Dan saw Wang Ye coming back, he said to him in frustration: "You have been gone for a long time, and we haven't sold a single herb." ”
王叶不在乎地道：“没事，那是别人没眼光。” Wang Ye said indifferently: "It's okay, it's someone else's lack of vision." ”
也是那些药草太普通，都是昨天他随手从山里采摘的。而且放在摊子上的，都是他用剩下的，没人光顾也正常。
It's also that those herbs are too ordinary, and they were all picked by him from the mountains yesterday. And what is placed on the stall is all the leftovers that he uses, and it is normal that no one patronizes them.
雷木忽然问海崖：“发生了什么事？” Lei Mu suddenly asked Sea Cliff, "What happened?" ”
海崖抿了抿嘴唇，低声道：“没有事。” Haiya pursed his lips and said in a low voice, "It's okay." ”
王叶眯眼，一把抓过海蛋，“你说。” Wang Ye squinted his eyes and grabbed the sea egg, "You say." ”
海蛋扭着手指，偷看村长那边。 Hai Dan twisted his fingers and peeked over to the village chief.
正在忙着卖货的村长这才注意到王叶和雷木逛街回来了。
The village chief, who was busy selling goods, noticed that Wang Ye and Lei Mu had come back from shopping.
村长把生意交给其他人，过来跟两人打招呼，脸上笑呵呵的，像是什么事都没有发生过。
The village chief handed over the business to the others, and came over to greet the two of them, smiling as if nothing had happened.
“村长，善意的欺瞒也是欺瞒。”雷木淡淡道。 "Village chief, well-intentioned deception is also deception." Lei Mu said lightly.
村长脸上的笑容转成苦笑。 The smile on the village chief's face turned to a wry smile.
海蛋终于忍不住，气呼呼地道：“就是海草村那个药师学徒，他欺负我们，还用脚踢我们的药草，船桨姐捡回来了，他又踢了一次！”
Hai Dan finally couldn't help it, and said angrily: "It's the pharmacist apprentice in Seagrass Village, he bullied us and kicked our herbs with his feet, and Sister Oars picked it up, and he kicked it again!" ”
“好了，咱不跟那叉烧生气，乖~”说着不要跟叉烧生气的王叶转头就召唤出因果卷，当他看到一个叫富奇器的人跟他产生了因果，而事情发生的原因也确实如海蛋他们所说，对方踢坏了他作为货物的药草。
"Okay, let's not be angry with that barbecued pork, good~" Wang Ye, who said not to be angry with barbecued pork, turned his head and summoned the cause and effect scroll, when he saw a person named Fu Qiqi had cause and effect with him, and the reason for the incident was indeed as Hai Dan They said, the other party kicked and broke the herb that he used as a cargo.
很好，欠了我的因，还想就这么跑掉？ It's good, you owe me a cause, and you still want to run away like that?
我让你哪条腿踢的就用哪条腿还我。 I'll give me back which leg you want to kick.
王叶看完因果卷，又看向船桨，“有受伤吗？” After reading the cause and effect scroll, Wang Ye looked at the oars again, "Are you injured?" ”
船桨摇头：“没，他不敢伤人。” The oar shook his head: "No, he doesn't dare to hurt anyone." ”
船锚闻声出来，想说这事就算了，结果就看到雷木和王叶的表情都很平淡，以为两人并不是很在意这样的小事。
When the anchor heard the sound, he wanted to say that it was okay, but he saw that Lei Mu and Wang Ye's expressions were very flat, thinking that the two of them didn't care much about such a trivial matter.
“可他还威胁我们，说有好东西不卖给他，让他知道，以后就不让我们村来这里摆摊。那人太霸道了！”海蛋不喜欢大家这样忍气吞声，他也不是想要小叶子和雷木大哥做什么，他只是觉得这事应该告诉小叶子，让小叶子知道那个药师学徒有多么可恶。
"But he also threatened us, saying that he would not sell him good things, and let him know that he would not let our village come here to set up a stall in the future. That guy is too domineering! Hai Dan didn't like everyone to swallow his anger like this, and he didn't want Xiao Yezi and Brother Lei Mu to do anything, he just felt that he should tell Xiao Yezi about this, so that Xiao Yezi could know how hateful that pharmacist apprentice was.
船锚很想让海蛋闭嘴，让他别火上浇油。 The anchor really wants to shut up the sea egg and tell him not to add fuel to the fire.
王叶揉揉海蛋的脑袋，特别和蔼可亲地问：“蛋儿啊，告诉爸爸，你是不是很想教训那个傻叉？”
Wang Ye rubbed Haidan's head and asked very kindly: "Dan'er, tell Dad, do you really want to teach that stupid fork a lesson?" ”
海崖不等弟弟说出口，就抢在前面道：“想，我想狠狠揍他一顿。但是我们太弱了，我们村也不是海草村的对手。现在出一时之气，我们村很可能无法再来这边的集市，到时候我们就会越过越穷，以后也会被海草村永远压在头上。”
Haiya didn't wait for his younger brother to speak, so he rushed to the front and said, "Think, I want to beat him up." But we are too weak, and our village is no match for Seagrass Village. Now that we are out of breath, it is very likely that our village will not be able to come to this market again, and then we will become poorer and poorer, and we will be crushed by Seagrass Village forever in the future. ”
海崖握紧双拳：“我们现在忍一时，等将来……会有我们报复回来的时候。”
Haiya clenched his fists: "We will endure it for a while now, and wait for the future...... There will be a time when we will come back with our revenge. ”
村长和船锚赞赏地看向海崖，这是个有血性但头脑也足够清醒的孩子。
The village chief and the anchor looked appreciatively at the sea cliff, a bloody but clear-headed child.
王叶嗤笑：“为什么要等将来？你们弱又不代表我很弱。现在，我最后问你们一次，想不想教训那个混蛋？”
Wang Ye sneered: "Why wait for the future? Just because you're weak doesn't mean I'm weak. Now, I'm asking you one last time, do you want to teach that bastard a lesson? ”
船锚：我看错了，这两位不是不在意，而是压根没把富奇器放在眼里。
Anchor: I was mistaken, it's not that these two don't care, but they don't pay attention to Fuqi at all.
海蛋第一个冲口而出：“想！” Hai Dan was the first to rush out: "Yes!" ”
海崖等少年也都看向王叶，眼中都是一个意思。 Haiya and the other teenagers also looked at Wang Ye, and they all had the same meaning in their eyes.
【任务发布：海沟村村民海蛋等人受到了海草村药师学徒富奇器的欺凌，希望玩家隔壁小王能出手教训其，为他们出口气。任务根据完成度，奖励10点到50点经验值。请问隔壁小王是否接受这个任务？】
[Mission Release: Hai Dan, a villager in Haigou Village, and others were bullied by Fu Qiqi, an apprentice of the pharmacist of Haicao Village, and hoped that Xiao Wang next door to the player could teach him a lesson and vent his anger for them. Missions reward between 10 and 50 XP depending on completion. Does Xiao Wang next door accept this task? 】
那还用问嘛，当然接受。 Then you still need to ask, of course you accept.
船桨也转头看向她爹：“爹，我们让别人欺负到头上，真的要继续忍气吞声吗？他富奇器是有本事，也有个好爹，但我们村也不是离开海草村就过不下去。大不了，我们就去别的海岛，把东西便宜卖给别人，我们现在有石灰、砖头、瓦片，还有陶器，别的岛屿的岛民总会需要这些。”
The oar also turned to look at her father: "Dad, we let others bully us, do we really want to continue to swallow our anger?" He is rich in strange weapons and has a good father, but our village is not unable to live without Seagrass Village. It's a big deal, we go to other islands and sell things cheaply, and we now have lime, bricks, tiles, and pottery, which the islanders of other islands will always need. ”
船锚舍不得对女儿说重话，只能瞪她。 The anchor was reluctant to say anything serious to his daughter, so he could only stare at her.
船桨不怕她爹。只要她有理由，她爹就不会说她。 The oars are not afraid of her father. As long as she had a reason, her dad wouldn't say anything about her.
其他年轻人也纷纷开口：“就是啊，村长，船锚叔，我们干什么要这么怕他们！海草村占了我们多少便宜，往年我们好多货都是便宜卖给他们，他们还认为给了我们多大的恩惠。”
The other young people also spoke: "That's it, village chief, Uncle Anchor, why are we so afraid of them!" Seagrass Village has taken advantage of us, in previous years we sold a lot of goods to them cheaply, and they thought that they had given us a great favor. ”
鲨鱼从屋子里出来，捏着手指关节道：“教训谁？我来。”
The shark came out of the house, pinched the knuckles of his fingers and said, "Teach whom?" I got it. ”
船锚忙低喝：“都给我闭嘴，生意不忙了？去去去，该忙什么忙什么去。海草村整体还是很厚道的，只是有个别人混蛋，别一竿子打翻一船人。”
The anchor hurriedly shouted: "Shut up for me, business is not busy?" Go and go, do what you need to do. Seagrass Village as a whole is still very kind, but there are a few bastards, don't overturn a boatload of people with a rod. ”
村长苦笑，摆摆手：“算了，我们年纪大了，反而没有这些孩子有血性。船桨说得对，我们越是退让，那富奇器越是会骑到我们脖子上，有时候做人也得强硬一点，我们也不是真靠海草村集市吃饭。富奇器一个人也无法代表整个海草村，如果海草村因为他一个人就把我们村拒之门外，那这样的集市不来也罢。这样，从现在开始，凡是海草村人来我们这儿买东西，不管是谁，都按照原价卖，半根草都不多给。”
The village chief smiled bitterly and waved his hand: "Forget it, we are old, but we are not as bloody as these children." The oars are right, the more we back down, the more the fuqi weapon will ride on our necks, and sometimes we have to be tougher, and we don't really rely on the seagrass village market to eat. Fu Qiqi alone cannot represent the entire Seagrass Village, and if the Seagrass Village is shut out of our village because of him alone, then such a market will not come. In this way, from now on, all the people of the seagrass village who come to us to buy things, no matter who they are, will sell them at the original price, and they will not give more than half a grass. ”
年轻人们发出小小欢呼，惹来路人看向他们。 The young people let out a small cheer, causing passers-by to look at them.
船锚压了压，让大家别太过分。 The anchor was pressed, so that everyone should not go too far.
村长和船锚以为这事就到此结束了，对王叶和雷木歉意地笑笑，表示那把药草由他们来赔偿。
The village chief and the anchor thought that this was the end of the matter, and smiled apologetically at Wang Ye and Lei Mu, saying that they would compensate for the herb.
王叶翻了个白眼，把他们赶去忙生意。 Wang Ye rolled his eyes and drove them off to business.
雷木把王叶拉到一边，“你别动手，我来。” Lei Mu pulled Wang Ye aside, "Don't do it, I'll come." ”
王叶眨眨眼，“来不及了，我已经动手了。要不要去看看？”
Wang Ye blinked, "It's too late, I've already done it." Do you want to check it out? ”
就在刚才，他就同时施展了【自投罗网】和【纠缠不清】。
Just now, he cast [Self-Throwing Net] and [Entanglement] at the same time.
王叶招呼上海蛋船桨几个，让他们跟他走，去看热闹。 Wang Ye beckoned a few oars from the sea egg boat and asked them to go with him to see the excitement.
六小不知道要看什么热闹，见村长没有阻止，就都跟着王叶去了。
The six little ones didn't know what to see, but when they saw that the village chief didn't stop them, they all followed Wang Ye.
雷木慢慢地跟在后面，权当一群孩子的护卫。 Raimu slowly followed, acting as a guard for a group of children.
集市另一头，富奇器走累了，正要到一边卖吃食的店铺休息，忽然转头看向来路。他心里莫名很想去一个地方，非常迫切地想去。
At the other end of the market, Fu Qiqi was tired of walking, and was about to go to the shop selling food on the side to rest, when he suddenly turned his head to look at the road. He inexplicably wanted to go to a place, and he was very eager to go.
但这种想法产生得很怪异，富奇器犹豫不决。 But this idea came out of nowhere, and Fuqiqi hesitated.
就在此时，他又感到有什么东西缠住了他的脚踝，像是看不见的绳子。
At that moment, he felt something wrap around his ankle again, like an invisible rope.
富奇器连忙弯腰去摸自己的脚踝，但什么都没有摸到。 Fu Qiqi hurriedly bent down to touch his ankle, but did not touch anything.
要命的是，那看不见的绳子越缠越紧，还往上勒住了他的小腿。
What's worse is that the invisible rope is getting tighter and tighter, and it also strangles his calf upwards.
“我的腿！好痛，什么鬼东西！”富奇器拉起裤腿，还是什么都没看到。
"My legs! It hurts, what the hell! Fuqi pulled up his trouser legs, but still didn't see anything.
但他能明显感觉到自己小腿和脚踝被宛如细绳一样的东西紧紧缠住，勒得他疼得要命。
But he could clearly feel his calves and ankles being wrapped tightly around what looked like strings, and it hurt him to death.
听到富奇器的叫喊，几个海草村民忙拥过来问他怎么了。
Hearing Fuqiqi's shout, several seaweed villagers rushed over to him and asked him what was wrong.
富奇器指着自己的小腿直喊：“我的腿被缠住了，有什么勒住我了！啊！”
Fuqiqi pointed to his calf and shouted: "My leg is entangled, what is holding me!" Yes! ”
富奇器两腿突然并紧到一起，一个不防，摔倒在地。 Fuqiqi's legs suddenly tightened together, and one was caught off guard and fell to the ground.
富奇器发出惨叫，双手不停抚摸自己的两腿脚踝和小腿，不住喊疼。
Fu Qiqi let out a miserable scream, and his hands kept stroking his legs, ankles and calves, and he couldn't stop crying out in pain.
但围住他的几个海草村民什么都没看到，也什么都没摸到。
But the few seaweed villagers who surrounded him saw nothing, and they didn't touch anything.
可富奇器的惨叫也不像是装出来的，他也不可能装。 But Fuqiqi's screams didn't seem to be pretended, and he couldn't have pretended.
看不见的东西最让人恐惧，当富奇器发现他的两只腿竟然无法分开，就这么紧紧并到一起，就好像被无形的绳索拴在了一起，他害怕极了。
The invisible was the most frightening, and he was terrified when he found that his legs could not be separated, and they were so tightly together, as if they were tied together by an invisible rope.
路人也因为富奇器的怪异模样把他们围了起来，对着中间的富奇器指指戳戳，都好奇这位海草村名人发生了什么事情。
Passers-by also surrounded them because of the strange appearance of the Fuqi Weapon, pointing and poking at the Fuqi Instrument in the middle, all curious about what happened to the famous Seagrass Village.
海蛋等人躲在人群中看富奇器叫得凄惨，一个个兴奋得脸蛋潮红。
Hai Dan and the others hid in the crowd and watched Fu Qiqi scream miserably, and their faces flushed with excitement.
海崖反应最快，偷偷地看王叶和雷木，猜测是他们谁出的手。
Haiya reacted the fastest, secretly looking at Wang Ye and Lei Mu, guessing which of them was the one who made the move.
少年眼中满是对这种神奇力量的向往。 The boy's eyes were full of yearning for this magical power.
船桨眼睛特别亮，轻声叫：“小叶子！” The oar's eyes were particularly bright, and he whispered, "Little leaf!" ”
“嘘。”王叶竖起手指，让大家看戏就好。 "Shh Wang Ye raised his finger and let everyone watch the play.
六小果然看得津津有味，差点拍手叫好。 Liuxiao really watched it with relish, and almost applauded.
最终富奇器被海草村民抬回了家。 Eventually, the Fuqi was carried home by the seagrass villagers.
紧接着富奇器就感觉到他距离集市越远，那种想要回去集市的欲望就越迫切，可他又恐惧自己为什么会产生这样的想法，两种想法互相抵抗，导致富奇器头疼如裂，一路惨叫。
Immediately afterwards, Fu Qiqi felt that the farther away he was from the market, the more urgent the desire to go back to the market, but he was afraid of why he had such thoughts, and the two thoughts resisted each other, causing Fu Qiqi to have a headache and scream all the way.
第42章 七天包好 Chapter 42: Seven Days Wrapped
王叶带着六小看完热闹回去海沟村摊点，就守着摊子没再离开。
Wang Ye took the six elementary schools back to the stall in Haigou Village after watching the excitement, and guarded the stall and did not leave again.
外面好东西不少，但他没钱买。 There are a lot of good things out there, but he doesn't have the money to buy them.
“哎呀，总算找到你了。”地球三玩家每人背着一个大箩筐从人群中挤出来。
"Oops, I've finally found you." The Earth Three players each squeezed out of the crowd with a large basket on their backs.
三玩家把箩筐放到王叶面前，疲累又兴奋地道：“你数数，这里一共八只兔子，四只野鸡，比你要求的十只野货还多两只。”
The three players put the basket in front of Wang Ye, and said tiredly and excitedly: "You count, there are a total of eight rabbits and four pheasants here, two more than the ten wild goods you requested." ”
王叶还真的数了一遍，发现里面还有活兔子和活的野鸡，当即就夸奖道：“不错，这就是我要的东西，虽然你们到现在才送过来，但我一样收。”
Wang Ye really counted it, and found that there were live rabbits and live pheasants in it, and immediately praised: "Yes, this is what I want, although you have only sent it now, I will accept it the same." ”
三玩家松了口气，差点以为这小孩不要了。 The three players breathed a sigh of relief, almost thinking that the kid didn't want it.
王叶让海崖几个把箩筐抬到后面，从随身带着的布袋中摸出一个掉了眼珠的破旧玩偶。
Wang Ye asked Haiya to carry the basket to the back, and took out a worn-out doll with lost eyeballs from the cloth bag he was carrying.
“这是我跟你们说好的报酬，我的玩具，送给你们了。”
"This is the reward I promised you, my toys, for you."
三玩家互看，弹珠伸手接过那个破破烂烂的玩偶，十分勉强地道：“谢谢。”
The three players looked at each other, and Marbles reached out to take the tattered doll, and said very reluctantly, "Thank you." ”
如果不是这个任务还有经验值拿，他们真的觉得又被人坑了。
If it weren't for the fact that there were still experience points to be gained from this task, they really felt that they had been cheated again.
“还有你说的那种黑点驱蚊草，我们也采集了一些，你看收不收？”弹珠示意野狗把他们采集的药草拿出来。
"And the kind of black spot mosquito repellent grass you mentioned, we also collected some, do you see if you can accept it?" Marbles motioned for the wild dogs to take out the herbs they had gathered.
野狗想着还能赚一些经验值，有点心疼地把他们辛苦采集到的药草小篓子放到王叶面前。
Thinking that they could earn some experience points, the wild dogs were a little distressed and put the small basket of herbs they had worked so hard to collect in front of Wang Ye.
王叶同样清点了一遍：“根茎叶都有些损伤，但能用。这些药草的报酬，你们可以选择铜币，也可以选择从我这里得到一个消息。你们选择哪一个？”
Wang Ye also counted it: "The rhizomes and leaves are a little damaged, but they can be used." You can choose the copper coins for the reward of these herbs, or you can choose to get a message from me. Which one do you choose? ”
三玩家面面相觑，不约而同说道：“一个消息！” The three players looked at each other and said in unison: "A piece of news! ”
王叶笑得很坏，他面相就不善良，没办法~：“消息就是，明晚你们带着我刚才送给你们的玩偶前往交易会，如果进不去，就在门口等着，记得把玩偶拿出来，嘴里再多念叨几句‘等有缘人，谁是我的有缘人’之类的话。但后面会发生什么事，是否危险等等，我不保证哦。”
Wang Ye smiled badly, his face was not kind, there was no way~: "The news is that tomorrow night you will take the doll I just gave you to the trade fair, if you can't get in, just wait at the door, remember to take out the doll, and say a few more words in your mouth, 'Wait for the destined person, who is my destined person' and the like." But I don't guarantee what will happen next, whether it's dangerous, etc. ”
三玩家顿时觉得天空是那么蓝，身上的疲累也飞到了九霄云外，他们终于等到了，终于有了学艺或拜师的可能。
The three players suddenly felt that the sky was so blue, and the fatigue on their bodies also flew out of the clouds, they finally waited, and finally had the possibility of learning art or apprenticeship.
“谢谢！”这次道谢，三玩家就说得真诚多了，拿着玩偶就要走。
"Thank you!" This time I thanked him, and the three players said it more sincerely, and they were about to leave with the doll.
“另外，看你们如此辛苦并坚持不懈的份上，我再附送一个消息给你们。你们是不是觉得讨生活太难，赚不到什么钱？建议你们可以去那边的佣兵公会，申请成为佣兵，如果能加入某个佣兵团队，可以跟着里面的佣兵学习技能。当然，你们也要小心被人当做肉猪卖掉。”
"Also, for the sake of your hard work and perseverance, I have another message for you. Do you think it's too hard to make a living, and you can't make any money? It is recommended that you go to the mercenary guild over there and apply to become a mercenary, and if you can join a mercenary team, you can learn skills from the mercenaries inside. Of course, you also have to be careful that people are sold as pigs. ”
三玩家现在看王叶的眼神就跟看天使一样，不，三人怀疑这小孩就是他们的引导NPC。
The three players now look at Wang Ye like they look at an angel, no, the three suspect that this kid is their guide NPC.
等三玩家离开，王叶以为今天就要这么结束。 Waiting for the three players to leave, Wang Ye thought that today would end like this.
“这里治疗骨伤吗？”一道羞涩的扭捏声音从王叶侧前方传来。
"Is there a treatment for bone injuries here?" A shy writhing sound came from Wang Ye's side.
王叶抬头，就看到一个羞答答的女孩子正站在他们摊位前。
Wang Ye looked up and saw a shy girl standing in front of their stall.
王叶：……别以为你换了一套衣服，还在胸口揣了东西，又化了妆，我就认不出你。和我有因果关系的，站到我面前，我就能感知。
Wang Ye: ...... Don't think that if you change your clothes, put something on your chest, and put on makeup, I won't recognize you. If you have a causal relationship with me, stand in front of me and I will be able to perceive it.
雷木也感到面前的女子有些怪异，主要是那声音，他听过。
Lei Mu also felt that the woman in front of him was a little weird, mainly because of the voice, which he had heard.
女子装扮的章绘低着头小声道：“我的手臂断了，想请你们帮我治疗，钱好说。”
Zhang Hui, who was dressed as a woman, lowered her head and whispered: "My arm is broken, I want to ask you to help me treat it, Qian Hao said." ”
王叶：“……”阴魂不散的家伙！ Wang Ye: "......" ghost guy!
雷木也终于认出眼前这个女子是谁，不得不承认，章绘扮演女子真的是没有半点违和感，除了他们俩，海沟村人一个都没看出异样。
Lei Mu finally recognized who the woman in front of him was, and he had to admit that Zhang Hui really didn't have the slightest sense of disobedience when he played the woman, except for the two of them, none of the people in Trench Village saw anything unusual.
章绘倒真不是来找麻烦的，他是来治疗断骨的。 Zhang Hui really didn't come to look for trouble, he came to treat broken bones.
集市中也有些自称药师学徒的人在卖药或给人看伤治病，但章绘总觉得这些人不太靠谱，转了一圈，他还是来到了王叶面前。
There were also some people in the bazaar who claimed to be pharmacists' apprentices selling medicine or treating injuries, but Zhang Hui always felt that these people were not very reliable, and after turning around, he still came to Wang Ye.
王叶虽然说以后见他一次打他一次，但他现在不是他，变成了她，应该没关系吧？
Although Wang Ye said that he would beat him once when he saw him in the future, he was not him now, he became her, it should be okay, right?
王叶手一伸，“治疗断臂是吧，三十天包好，诚惠五金，七天包好，诚惠十金。先付钱，后治疗。”
Wang Ye stretched out his hand, "Treat the broken arm, it will be wrapped in thirty days, Chenghui hardware, and wrapped in seven days, and ten gold in Chenghui." Pay first, treat later. ”
“我要七天就能好的。”章绘没有片刻犹豫，立刻掏出十枚金币放到王叶手里。
"I'll be fine in seven days." Zhang Hui didn't hesitate for a moment, and immediately took out ten gold coins and put them in Wang Ye's hand.
六小顿时看傻了，十个金币！说给就给了！这是哪里来的富豪女，怎么这么好骗？
Liuxiao suddenly looked stupid, ten gold coins! Say give it! Where did this rich woman come from, why is she so easy to deceive?
呸，小叶子才不会骗人。 Phew, the little leaves won't lie.
不过十个金币真的好多啊！ But ten gold coins is a lot!
路过的路人也有人听到王叶的报价，先是为这高价药费吃惊，转而就看到那女子把钱付了，又诧异女子的富裕与大方。
Some passers-by also heard Wang Ye's offer, and were first surprised by the high cost of medicine, and then saw that the woman had paid the money, and were surprised by the woman's wealth and generosity.
好奇的人自然停住脚步，想看看这摊子是不是有什么知名药师在坐诊。
Curious people naturally stopped, wanting to see if there were any well-known pharmacists sitting in this stall.
摊子上压根就没有什么知名药师，只有一个穿着麻布背心和短裤的瘦小孩童。
There were no well-known pharmacists at all, just a skinny kid in a burlap vest and shorts.
小孩拿出一桶黑泥，示意章绘坐在席子上伸手。 The child took out a bucket of black clay and motioned for Zhang Hui to sit on the mat and stretch out his hand.
章绘那只被捏断的胳膊已经红肿起来。 Zhang Hui's severed arm was already red and swollen.
王叶先查看他的断骨情况，见断得干净，不需要什么特别处理，就用黑泥给他把折断处都涂了一边。既然收了十金，他就费了点心，按照他师父教他的手法，让涂抹在皮肤表面的药物药性尽快渗透，在章绘体内发生效果。
Wang Ye first checked the condition of his broken bones, and saw that the broken bones were clean and did not need any special treatment, so he used black mud to coat him with all the broken parts. Since he received ten gold, he took the trouble to follow the technique taught to him by his master, so that the medicinal properties of the medicine applied to the surface of the skin could penetrate as soon as possible and take effect in Zhang Hui's body.
他没用【生生不息】给章绘治疗，不是他不想用，而是这招治疗术要到三十级以后才能治疗别人，在这之前他只能治疗自己。
He didn't use [Endless Life] to treat Zhang Hui, not that he didn't want to use it, but that this healing technique could not heal others until after level 30, and he could only heal himself before that.
不过他师父教他的手法足够他使用，这招和提炼药物精华有所区别，只是让药物效果挥发得更好，可以加速让人体吸收。
However, the technique taught him by his master was enough for him to use, and this trick was different from refining the essence of the medicine, except that the effect of the medicine would volatilize better, and it could accelerate the absorption of the human body.
这招同样需要他运转能量，这也是他为什么收十金的原因，普通药师学徒绝对做不到他这点。
This trick also requires him to run energy, which is why he charges ten gold, and ordinary pharmacist apprentices will never be able to do this.
章绘感受最明显，当药泥涂抹到伤口处，也不知那小孩在他伤口处做了什么，似乎只是手指在抹药泥，可他伤口处的疼痛感竟然急剧减少，还有股让他感觉舒服的能量就聚合在他的伤口处。
Zhang Hui felt the most obviously, when the clay was applied to the wound, I don't know what the child did at his wound, it seemed that he was just smearing the mud with his fingers, but the pain in his wound was drastically reduced, and there was an energy that made him feel comfortable gathered at his wound.
雷木则眼眸微微收缩，他能看出，小叶子刚才应该是在章绘的伤口处勾勒了一个微型魔阵图。
Lei Mu's eyes shrank slightly, and he could see that Xiao Yezi should have sketched a miniature magic array diagram at Zhang Hui's wound just now.
等了大约五分钟，王叶见药泥迅速变干，里面的药性被吸收得差不多，就把黑泥又刮了下来，用清水给章绘把胳膊清洗干净，再裹上一层村里自己纺织的粗纱布。
After waiting for about five minutes, Wang Ye saw that the medicinal mud dried up quickly, and the medicinal properties in it were almost absorbed, so he scraped off the black mud again, cleaned Zhang Hui's arm with clean water, and then wrapped it in a layer of coarse gauze woven by the village himself.
章绘看到自己原本红肿的胳膊竟然消肿不少，对王叶的医术越发肯定。
Zhang Hui saw that his originally red and swollen arms had become swollen a lot, and he became more and more sure of Wang Ye's medical skills.
最后一步，就是给章绘裹上药泥石膏纱布。 The last step is to wrap Zhang Hui in medicated mud gypsum gauze.
这东西需要密封，不能见水，拿出来用时要用水浸泡，浸泡完必须在五分钟以内就把伤口裹好。王叶没东西储存，只制作了一点。
而且裹这东西需要一定技术，不能太紧也不能太松。
药泥绷带裹好没一会儿，就变得硬邦邦。 After a while of wrapping the mud bandage, it became hard.
王叶又找了一块三角布巾，让章绘把胳膊吊起来。 Wang Ye found another triangular cloth towel and asked Zhang Hui to hang his arm.
“好了，治疗完毕，七天后你可以来这里找我去掉石膏，也可以自己敲碎，敲碎的时候注意力量。如果这七天内石膏被弄碎，记得重新过来，不过石膏钱另付。如果伤口因为你个人原因造成新的伤情变化，治疗费也需要另付。”
"Okay, the treatment is over, you can come here and ask me to remove the plaster in seven days, or you can break it yourself, pay attention to the strength when you break it. If the plaster is broken within the next seven days, remember to come back again, but the plaster will be paid separately. If the condition of the wound changes due to your personal reasons, you will also need to pay for the treatment. ”
章绘道谢，不等王叶赶人，起身就走。 Zhang Hua thanked him, and without waiting for Wang Ye to catch up, he got up and left.
人群中有人跟上章绘。 Someone in the crowd followed the chapter.
可王叶半点不担心那家伙。那家伙既然敢把财露白，自然有应对的方法。而且章绘的身体到底还是被寄生虫母虫改造过，只速度和灵活性就非常人可比。
But Wang Ye wasn't worried about that guy at all. Since that guy dares to expose his wealth, he naturally has a way to deal with it. Moreover, Zhang Hui's body has been modified by the parasite mother worm in the end, and only the speed and flexibility are very comparable.
有人一直站在一边看王叶给章绘治疗，看到此时，忍不住问：“你用的那些黑乎乎的泥巴是什么？还有你后面用的那个很快变硬的东西又是什么？”
Someone had been standing aside and watching Wang Ye treat Zhang Hua, and when he saw this, he couldn't help but ask, "What are those black muds you use?" And what about the thing you used later that hardened quickly? ”
王叶就回了八个字：“师门秘术，概不外传。” Wang Ye replied with eight words: "The secret art of the master will not be passed on." ”
有人根本不相信这个所谓的师门秘术，更不相信折断的骨头七天就能长好。
Some people don't believe in this so-called secret technique of the master at all, and they don't believe that broken bones can grow in seven days.
虽说这世上有些神奇的异术师，比如治疗师和魔法师，都能快速治好伤口，但异术师怎么可能自降身份跑到这种乡野集市来治病救人？
Although there are some magical magicians in this world, such as healers and magicians, who can quickly heal wounds, how could a magician surrender his identity and run to this kind of country market to heal and save people?
而且王叶要价虽高，比起异术师的高价还是远远不如。 Moreover, although Wang Ye's asking price is high, it is still far inferior to the high price of the magician.
另外就是人们印象中的异术师要么只和同类人在一起，要么就只和高门大户富豪贵族接触，总之一般人就别想看到他们。
In addition, people have the impression that magicians are either only with people of the same kind, or they only have contact with the wealthy and nobles, in short, ordinary people don't want to see them.
“我知道了，这就是那什么托。”有看热闹的人露出恍然大悟的表情。
"I see, that's what it is." Some people who watched the excitement showed expressions of sudden realization.
“散了散了，骗人的，一个小孩子懂什么药草和治疗。”
"Scattered, scattered, deceitful, a little child knows what herbs and treatments."
海蛋等人不服气，他们想辩称说小叶子可厉害了，连寄生虫都能消灭，被王叶制止。
Hai Dan and the others were not convinced, they wanted to argue that Xiao Ye was so powerful that even parasites could be eliminated, and they were stopped by Wang Ye.
王叶压根不在乎路人怎么想，反正今天开张了，收获还不错，十个金币可以让他做很多事了。
Wang Ye didn't care what passers-by thought, anyway, it opened today, and the harvest was not bad, and ten gold coins could allow him to do a lot of things.
首先，“木木，我们去好好吃一顿，我刚才看到好多摊点在卖他们的当地美食，早就想尝尝了，走走走~”
First of all, "Mumu, let's go have a good meal, I just saw a lot of stalls selling their local food, I have long wanted to try it, let's take a walk~"
王叶拉上雷木就跑了。 Wang Ye pulled Lei Mu and ran away.
章绘半途被人拦住了，但拦住他的人不是想要打劫他的人，而是一个看起来像是很有身份的管家类人物。
Zhang Hui was stopped halfway, but the person who stopped him was not someone who wanted to rob him, but a housekeeper-type character who looked like he had a lot of status.
章绘似乎也认识对方，对中年人弯腰行礼。 Zhang Hui also seemed to know each other, and bowed to the middle-aged man.
“那小孩就是你说的很厉害的药师学徒？把你的手臂给我看看。”中年男子很是礼貌却带有疏离地说道。
"That kid is the apothecary apprentice you said he was a great pharmacist? Show me your arm. The middle-aged man said politely but detachedly.
章绘像只小白兔一样，羞涩又文静地解开三角巾，向中年人展示自己裹上石膏的手臂。
Like a little white rabbit, Zhang Hui shyly and quietly untied the triangular scarf and showed his plaster arm to the middle-aged man.
中年男子仔细观察章绘裹在手臂上的药泥石膏，还轻轻敲了敲。
The middle-aged man carefully observed the medicinal mud plaster wrapped around Zhang Hui's arm, and tapped it gently.
“你现在感受如何？” "How are you feeling right now?"
“好多了。” "Much better."
“辛苦。你放心，如果那小孩真有你说的本事，我们也会按照约定把你带回春木上国。阿岚，护送这位章小姐回船。”
"Hard. Don't worry, if that kid really has the skills you said, we will also bring you back to the kingdom of Haruki as agreed. Ah Lan, escort this Miss Zhang back to the ship. ”
“谢谢，那就麻烦您了。”章绘低声道。 "Thanks, I'll bother you." Zhang Hui said in a low voice.
中年人身后走出一名壮汉，跟随章绘回去他们的海船。 A strong man walked out behind the middle-aged man and followed Zhang Hui back to their sea boat.
暗中跟踪章绘想要谋财的人见她有了人保护，只好失望离开。
The person who secretly followed Zhang Hui and wanted to make money saw that she had someone to protect her, so he had to leave in disappointment.
一名护卫低声问中年人：“这位章小姐推荐的药师学徒只是一个孩子，要么我们再找找？”
A guard asked the middle-aged man in a low voice, "The pharmacist apprentice recommended by Miss Zhang is just a child, or shall we look for it again?" ”
中年人沉思片刻，对身边人道：“小孩子也不能小瞧，看他治伤涂药的手法很是熟练，不像是刚入门。而且那东西确实没见过，感觉应该和木板夹骨类似，都是为了固定骨伤处，但感觉这种效果更好。”
The middle-aged man pondered for a moment, and said to the people around him: "Children can't be underestimated, see that he is very skilled in treating injuries and applying medicine, not like he has just started." And I really haven't seen that thing, it feels like it should be similar to a wooden plank bone, it's all to fix the bone injury, but it feels like this effect is better. ”
中年说到这里，微微一顿：“对方既然胆敢说出七天包好的话，就算不是异术师，也有些特异之处，再找个人去试试。”
When the middle-aged man said this, he paused slightly: "Since the other party dares to say that it is wrapped in seven days, even if he is not a magician, there are some peculiarities, so find someone to try it again." ”
“是。”很快，一个倒霉催的小偷就被中年人派出的护卫从人群里拎出来。
"Yes." Soon, an unlucky thief was picked up from the crowd by the guards sent by the middle-aged man.
护卫出手相当狠辣，一扭一掰，就把小偷的手臂骨给掰断成三节，其中一节还特地打碎，整体伤势可比章绘的严重多了。
The guards were quite ruthless, twisting and breaking, and the thief's arm bone was broken into three sections, one of which was specially broken, and the overall injury was much more serious than that of Zhang Hua.
小偷疼得呼天抢地，可小命被威胁，他也不敢闹腾，只求这些人能饶了他。
The thief was so painful that he cried out for the ground, but his life was threatened, and he didn't dare to make a fuss, just begging these people to spare him.
“老实点，让你说什么就说什么，让你做什么就做什么，做得好，不但放了你，还会给你奖励。”
"Be honest, let you say whatever you want, do whatever you want, do it well, not only let you go, but also give you a reward."
“是是是。”小偷现在只想保住小命。 "Yes, yes, yes." The thief now just wants to save his life.
当那护卫带着那小偷来到海沟村摊点时，却发现之前给人治疗的小孩竟然不在，一问之下才知道对方竟然和他哥去逛街吃美食了。
When the guard took the thief to the stall in Trench Village, he found that the child who had treated him before was not there, and only after asking did he know that the other party had gone shopping with his brother to eat food.
护卫没走，就带着那小偷留在摊点那儿等待王叶归来。 The guard didn't leave, so he took the thief and stayed at the stall to wait for Wang Ye to return.
第43章 海肠和蟒皮 Chapter 43: Sea intestines and python skins
王叶蹲在一个摊子前就不走了。 Wang Ye squatted in front of a stall and didn't leave.
雷木就看到摊子上摆着的都是晒干的像是干海参一样的海货。
Lei Mu saw that the stalls were filled with dried seafood like dried sea cucumbers.
“这是海参？”雷木捏起长相实在不怎么美好、让人毫无食欲的棕黄色干海货问。
"This is a sea cucumber?" Lei Mu pinched the brown and yellow dried seafood that was not very beautiful and made people unappetizing.
王叶正跟摊主问价。 Wang Ye is asking the stall owner for the price.
那摊主听到雷木问话，点头就道：“是啊，这些就是海参，小一点的。”
When the stall owner heard Lei Mu's question, he nodded and said, "Yes, these are sea cucumbers, a little smaller." ”
王叶呵呵，没好气地道：“大叔，骗人的生儿子没有小鸡鸡。这就是海肠，你跟我说是海参，当我们内陆人好骗呢。”
Wang Ye said angrily: "Uncle, the deceitful son has no small cock." This is sea intestines, you tell me that it is sea cucumbers, when we are inland, they are easy to deceive. ”
摊主被戳破，也没有半点不好意思，还厚着脸皮说：“海肠也确实叫小海参嘛，都长得差不多。”
The stall owner was poked, but he was not embarrassed at all, and said cheekily: "The sea intestines are indeed called small sea cucumbers, they all look similar." ”
“差远了好嘛。怎么卖的，给个实价，价格合适我就全买下来，你乱喊价，我去其他地方买。”
"It's far from it. How to sell, give a real price, I will buy it all if the price is right, you shout the price, I will buy it elsewhere. ”
“一根一个银币。” "One silver coin at a time."
王叶站起就走，“哥，我们去其他地方看看。” Wang Ye stood up and left, "Brother, let's go take a look elsewhere." ”
摊主忙叫：“哎哎，小兄弟，这个价格真不贵啊，海参都这个价，我这还是干货，也就我们这儿才卖这么便宜，要是内陆，这一根至少三个银币。”
The stall owner hurriedly shouted: "Hey, little brother, this price is really not expensive, the sea cucumber is at this price, I am still dry goods, and we sell it so cheaply here, if it is inland, this one is at least three silver coins." ”
“那你就把它们当海参卖吧，看有多少人上当。”王叶头也不回。
"Then you can sell them as sea cucumbers and see how many people fall for it." Wang Ye didn't look back.
“等等，我们再谈谈。”摊主哪能让王叶就这么走掉，这可是第一个说要包圆的客人。
海岛上生活的人都能认出来这东西不是海参，也没几个人愿意吃这长得像放大的蛆一样的东西。内陆人吧，比较有见识的商人也能认出来，只有那些旅人和不怎么了解海货的人才会上当，以为这是海参。
但这些认不出来的人也不会一下子买太多。
这些海肠都是摊主带来的私货，卖多少都算他自己的钱，因为前两年尝过用这东西假冒海参赚了点小钱的甜头，今年他又来了，但货物摆这一天了，也没个人问价，还有人来嘲笑他，说他又来骗人。
现在更是被一个小孩一口道破，这摊主也就死了把海肠假冒海参卖高价的心。
“一根三十铜币，你要，这些全给你。”摊主一副出了大血的心疼模样道。
王叶停下脚步，扭头：“一根两个铜币，我全要。”
“不可能，最少二十五铜币一根。”
王叶压根就没有谈的意思，“哥，我们去别家看看。”
摊主还以为王叶只是摆出姿态想还价，结果就看这兄弟俩真的头也不回走远了。
眼看两人越走越远，还在另外一个摊位停下来，摊主憋不住，扬声喊：“那小兄弟，回来回来，就按照你说的价！我这次就赚个辛苦钱。”
王叶到底还是看上了那些干海肠。
这些海肠品质都比较好，大小都差不多，应该是被精心挑拣过，而且摊主弄得干净，把内脏都拔干净了。要不然他也不会和摊主废话这么久。
但这个摊主被戳破骗人还坚持不改，王叶就不想让他舒服了，喊了一个让他心疼却也能让他接受的价格。
摊主一边唠叨这次卖亏了，一边数海肠，数到十五就开始瞎数。
王叶以为摊主不甘心卖这么便宜，想多计数，结果发现两百条出头的干海肠，这人竟然数出了一百二十七这个数字，还一副心虚的模样。
摊主按照一百二十七条，每根两个铜币计算，又给王叶算出了两百二十七个铜币的总价。
王叶：“……”这种骗子都不忍心欺负了好吗。
王叶默默地把摊主数过的干海肠按照十根一摞，当着摊主的面重新数了一遍，告诉他：“这里一共有219根。两个铜币一根，总价是438个铜币。你确定只要我227个铜币？”
摊主愣住，随后就开始干笑。
旁边他的村人终于听不下去，用力拍了摊主一下：“好了，你这次是碰上厚道人了，还不谢谢人小兄弟？”
摊主不好意思地道：“对不住啊，小兄弟，老哥就是想多赚点，一年就这一次，咱一年也赚不到多少钱。”
最后是看起来像是领头人的村人给摊主做主：“让小兄弟见笑了，这就是个自以为聪明的憨货。这些海肠子你都拿去，给个三百铜币就行。”
摊主想反抗，终究没开口。
王叶摇摇头，“我开的价，说好两个铜币一根就是两个铜币一根，帮我装起来吧。这是4银38铜币，你们数数。”
摊主大喜，接过钱币就数了起来，铜币太多，他数不过来，但银币只有四个，很容易清点。
摊主一高兴，不但送给王叶一个篓子，还送了王叶两大捆晒干的海菜。
这种海菜在海岛最不值钱，基本上都是作为搭头送人。
王叶瞅着这些海菜，忽然叹了口气。
雷木正奇怪王叶怎么买那么多看起来不太好吃的海肠，见他对海菜叹气，就问：“怎么了，不喜欢吃海菜？”
“不是，是我知道一个秘密，特别想说出来，憋死我了。”
雷木喷笑，拍拍小孩的脑袋，“跟海菜有关？”
王叶点头，忍不住道：“等回去我跟你说。”
路上人多眼杂，雷木提着篓子和海菜没有立刻收入空间，反正这点重量对他而言根本不算什么。
“你喜欢吃这种海肠？”雷木好奇地问。
王叶点头又摇头：“海肠味道确实不错，不过我买这么多不是买来当食物吃，而是打算拿它们当做调味料。”
海肠皮晒干磨成的粉可是不亚于味精的调味料，加到任何菜肴里都会增加其口感，比蘑菇粉还提鲜。
王叶舌头吃惯了味精鸡精，总觉得没加味精的菜肴吃起来没滋没味，如今看到海肠哪会放过。
雷木失笑，他早就发现王叶的嘴巴有点馋，看到好吃的就走不动路，而且别看他小，厨艺竟然意外得不错。
这又是王叶怪异的一点，小小年纪却懂得比成年人还多。如果只是拥有知识也就罢了，但这孩子明显还有大量的动手经验，这就很古怪了。
王叶嘴馋那是有历史原因的，他上辈子在干掉老王之前能吃饱就不错，想要吃得好那是不可能的。小孩子看着别的孩子想吃什么吃什么，能不嘴馋吗？
但又买不起。一直到他后来混社会，手上有了点小钱，才开始买那些过去买不起的食物吃，但想吃更好更贵的也不可能。就这么一路馋到了在游戏中变成大佬，结果还没吃两年好东西，就被围杀了。
他现在对雷木好，喜欢吃美食，其实都是出于一种对自我的补偿心理。
他心里明白这点，但也不想做出改变。也许日后，他这种补偿心理会在精神得到满足后慢慢消失，但现在他并不想克制，他就怕自己一克制，更憋出心病来。
“木木，我们去那边！”王叶看到了好东西。
他竟然看到有人在卖蟒皮。
他这次来集市就是想买一些能制作因果武器的材料，蟒皮正是他需要的最重要的材料。
原本他还想着如果在集市买不到这东西，他就请雷木和他一起进山看看。
卖蟒皮的摊主是今天刚赶到的，别人都开始卖货了，他们这儿才开始把货物摆出来。
像这样没有来得及在开集日赶来的商贩特别多，后面陆陆续续也会来人，毕竟集市有一个月。
这家摊子上卖的蟒皮非常完整，而且有好几条，有大有小。
王叶拿着蟒皮翻来覆去地看。
除了他，也有别人注意到这家的货物。
这家摊子不止卖蟒皮，还卖一些兽类的皮毛和罕见的鸟类羽毛，包括一些野兽身上的爪牙等零碎。
“这张蟒皮怎么卖？”王叶的声音和另一人的声音同时响起。
"How do you sell this python skin?" Wang Ye's voice and the other person's voice sounded at the same time.
那人的手也抓着蟒皮的另一部分。 The man's hand also grasped the other part of the python's skin.
王叶不爽，这蟒皮是他先拿到手里的，只是比较长，才没有全拢到面前。
Wang Ye was unhappy, this python skin was the first thing he got in his hand, but it was relatively long, so he didn't put it all in front of him.
摊主看王叶是个小孩，就没怎么在意，面对另外一个客人，回答道：“这是黑皮蟒，能吃人的那种，这蟒长得大，我们废了两个大小伙子才捕到。”
The stall owner didn't pay much attention to Wang Ye when he saw that he was a child, and when he faced another guest, he replied: "This is a black-skinned python, the kind that can eat people, this python grows big, and we scrapped two young men to catch it." ”
那客人不耐烦地打断摊主：“我问你价格，又没问你这蟒皮是怎么来的。”
The customer impatiently interrupted the stall owner: "I asked you the price, but I didn't ask you where this python skin came from." ”
摊主收口，他说这么多也只是希望能报个高价，见客人不高兴，他也不敢再多说，报了个自认为很实惠的价格：“我们还没开张，如果客人诚心想买，这张黑皮蟒的蟒皮就算您一金五十银币。”
The stall owner closed his mouth, he said so much just to hope to quote a high price, seeing that the guests were unhappy, he didn't dare to say more, and quoted a price that he thought was very affordable: "We haven't opened yet, if the guests sincerely want to buy, this python skin of the black python will cost you a gold and fifty silver coins." ”
“一金五十银？太贵了，你宰人呢。八十银币，这蟒皮我要了。”说着，这客人就要把蟒皮卷起来。
"One gold and fifty silver? It's too expensive, you slaughter people. Eighty silver coins, I want this python skin. As he spoke, the guest was going to roll up the python skin.
王叶忍到现在，终于忍不住：“你懂不懂什么叫先来后到？而且人摊主还没答应卖给你，你收个屁货！一金五十银是吗，哥，付钱。”
Wang Ye endured until now, and finally couldn't help it: "Do you know what it means to come first and then come?" And the stall owner hasn't promised to sell it to you, you take a piece of! One gold and fifty silver, brother, pay. ”
雷木二话不说，掏出一金五十银币递给卖家。 Lei Mu didn't say a word, took out a gold and fifty silver coins and handed it to the seller.
卖家一看头一笔生意这么快就做成，高兴地接过钱币：“多谢惠顾，这蟒皮归两位了。”
When the seller saw that the first business was completed so quickly, he happily took the coin: "Thank you for your patronage, this python skin belongs to the two." ”
卖家又忍不住道：“我说真心话，我这价开的真不高。这蟒皮特别结实，刀子都不能轻易划破，就是做皮甲都行。我们也就是有特殊的处理方法，才能把皮子剖得这么好。对了，你们篓子里有地方装吗？没有，我给你们找个筐子装起来。”
The seller couldn't help but say: "I'll tell you the truth, my price is really not high." This python skin is particularly strong, and it can't be easily cut by a knife, even if it is made of leather armor. We also have a special treatment method to cut the skin so well. By the way, do you have a place in your basket? No, I'll find you a basket to put on. ”
“好的，给我一个筐。”王叶用力要把蟒皮拽过来。 "Okay, give me a basket." Wang Ye tried hard to pull the python skin over.
可那客人竟然不肯放，还很生气地道：“是我先问的价格，我之前报价八十银币，摊主也没说不同意。凭什么你出价高，现在就要给你？摊主你做生意太不地道！”
But the guest refused to let it go, and said angrily: "It's the price I asked first, I quoted eighty silver coins before, and the stall owner didn't say he didn't agree." Why are you bidding so high that you are going to give it to you now? Stallholder, your business is too unauthentic! ”
摊主气，当即就和那客人吵起来：“我们做生意怎么不地道了？我卖价一金五十银币的蟒皮，你张口就还到八十银，我们压根就没答应。现在别人钱都付了，你在这耍什么赖皮，当我们蛇岛的人好欺负是不是？”
The stall owner was angry, and immediately quarreled with the customer: "Why aren't we doing business authentic?" I sold a python skin for one gold and fifty silver coins, and you opened your mouth to return it to eighty silver, and we didn't agree at all. Now that everyone else has paid for it, what are you doing here, when the people of Snake Island are easy to bully, aren't they? ”
正在忙碌的蛇岛人闻声全都看向这边，还有几个身体特别健壮的从棕榈屋里走出来。
The people of Snake Island, who were busy, all looked at this side when they heard the sound, and a few particularly sturdy people came out of the palm house.
那客人气得脸色爆红，用力摔下蟒皮，指着蛇岛人的鼻子就放狠话：“行，我记住你们了。”
The guest's face turned red with anger, and he threw off the python skin hard, pointed at the nose of the snake island man and said cruelly: "Okay, I remember you." ”
那客人又伸手一指王叶和雷木，“敢跟我抢东西，你们等着！”
The guest stretched out his hand and pointed at Wang Ye and Lei Mu again, "Dare to grab something from me, you wait!" ”
王叶轻哼：哪来的傻叉。 Wang Ye snorted lightly: Where did you get the stupid fork?
雷木上前一步，一把握住那客人的手指，轻轻一掰。 Lei Mu stepped forward, grabbed the guest's finger, and gently broke it.
“啊啊啊！”客人发出惨叫：“我的手指！松开，快松开！”
"Ahhh The guest screamed: "My finger! Loosen up, let go quickly! ”
雷木神色平淡地道：“没有人教过你不要随便用手指指人吗？”
Lei Mu said with a flat expression: "Didn't anyone teach you not to point your finger at people casually?" ”
那客人不住喊痛，路人开始停下脚步围观。 The guest couldn't stop crying out in pain, and passers-by began to stop and watch.
雷木看那人确实痛得受不了了，这才松开手掌。他没有掰断这人的手指，只是给了他一点小小教训。
Lei Mu saw that the man was really in pain and couldn't stand it, so he let go of his palm. He didn't break the man's fingers, he just taught him a small lesson.
“你们给我等着！”那客人这次不敢再用手指指人，握着差点被掰断的手指，又羞又恼，气愤无比地钻入人群。
"You're waiting for me!" This time, the guest did not dare to point his finger at the person again, holding the finger that was almost broken, ashamed and annoyed, and burrowed into the crowd in great anger.
“大兄弟，那人看着似乎有点身份地位，你们小心一点。”摊主提醒雷木。
"Big brother, that person seems to have a bit of status, you should be careful." The stall owner reminded Lei Mu.
雷木对其颔首：“谢谢，你们也是。” Lei Mu bowed to his chin: "Thank you, you too." ”
摊主不在意地摆摆手。蛇岛人不怕那人来报复，了解蛇岛的人都不会轻易招惹他们，包括那些外来的大商人和旅人。而不了解他们蛇岛的，等招惹了他们蛇岛人后，自然会知道后果。
The stall owner waved his hand absently. The people of Snake Island are not afraid of that person's revenge, and no one who knows Snake Island will easily provoke them, including those big merchants and travelers from outside. Those who don't know about their Snake Island, after provoking their Snake Island people, will naturally know the consequences.
王叶和雷木更不在意。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu didn't care even more.
王叶买到了心仪的主材料，接下来就是选择一块能做琴杆、琴筒、琴轴、琴托的好木料。
Wang Ye bought the main material he liked, and the next thing was to choose a good piece of wood that could be used as a stem, barrel, shaft, and holder.
除此之外，还有琴码、琴弓和琴弦的材料。 In addition to this, there are materials for the saddle, bow, and strings.
琴码和琴弓的材料都好找，琴弦比较麻烦，他不想选择不太结实的蚕丝弦，但好的钢丝弦在游戏中也不容易得到，实在不行，他打算从地球弄一些琴弦凑合用。
The materials of the saddle and bow are easy to find, the strings are more troublesome, he doesn't want to choose silk strings that are not too strong, but good steel strings are not easy to get in the game, it really can't be done, he plans to get some strings from the earth to make do.
如果不是因果武器最好是自己制作，他都想省事一点直接在地球买一把。
If it's not a causal weapon, it's better to make it himself, and he wants to save a little trouble and buy one directly on Earth.
没错，王叶的因果武器就是二胡。 That's right, Wang Ye's causal weapon is the erhu.
而他会选择二胡做他的因果武器，也和上辈子的经历有关。
And he will choose erhu as his causal weapon, which is also related to the experience of his previous life.
他在跑出儿童福利院后曾流浪了一阵子，那时他遇到了一个在街头卖艺的拉二胡老头。
He wandered for a while after he ran out of the children's welfare home, when he met an old man who was a street performer.
也不能说遇到，是他瞄上了对方的钱盒。 It can't be said that he met it, it was he who targeted the other party's money box.
那时他饿得要死，正想着要怎么赚钱，就看到地下通道的中间有个瞎子老头在拉二胡。
At that time, he was starving to death, and was thinking about how to make money, when he saw a blind old man playing erhu in the middle of the underground passage.
过来过去的行人偶尔会往老头身前的铁盒子里丢点零钱，王叶亲眼看到有人扔了一张一百的大钞进去。
Pedestrians who passed by occasionally threw some change into the iron box in front of the old man, and Wang Ye saw someone throw a hundred bills into it.
他就一直盯着那张百元大钞，恨不得吹口气，把那张钞票吹出来。
He kept staring at the hundred-dollar bill, eager to blow it out.
但那天没风，地下通道的风更近乎于无，不管他怎么用意念发功，那钞票都躺在铁盒里纹丝不动。
But there was no wind that day, and the wind in the underground passage was almost none, and no matter how much he tried to exert his mind, the money lay in the tin box and did not move.
在不知不觉间，他越来越接近那老头。 Before he knew it, he was getting closer and closer to the old man.
但王叶觉得自己偷一个瞎子老头的钱太没品，他就蹲在老头旁边，希望别人也给他扔钱。
But Wang Ye felt that it was too tasteless to steal money from a blind old man, so he squatted next to the old man, hoping that others would also throw money at him.
然后真有人给他扔钱了，但扔钱的人八成以为他是老头的孙子，竟然对他笑笑后，把钱放进了老头的钱盒里……
Then someone really threw money at him, but eighty percent of the people who threw the money thought that he was the grandson of the old man, and after smiling at him, he put the money in the old man's money box......
就在他快要被饥饿感打倒，决定从瞎子老头的钱盒里摸走那张百元大钞的时候，老头停止了拉琴，第一件事就是收起钱盒。
Just when he was about to be overwhelmed by hunger and decided to take the hundred-dollar bill from the blind old man's money box, the old man stopped playing the violin, and the first thing he did was to put away the money box.
王叶那时还不知道老头只是戴着墨镜，不是真瞎。就拉住老头跟他耍赖，说他帮他看守了半天钱盒，老头得付他工资。
Wang Ye didn't know at that time that the old man was just wearing sunglasses, not really blind. He grabbed the old man and played tricks on him, saying that he had helped him guard the money box for a long time, and the old man had to pay him a salary.
老头就问他想要多少，他玩了点小心眼说只要十块钱。 The old man asked him how much he wanted, and he said with a little caution that it would only cost ten dollars.
老头问他要十块钱干什么。 The old man asked him what he was doing for ten dollars.
他的肚子就很应景地叫起来。 His stomach crumbled at the right time.
后来老头带他去吃了一顿饭，但也仅仅如此，并没有做多余的事情。
Later, the old man took him to a meal, but it was nothing more than that, and he did not do anything superfluous.
但他尝到甜头，第二天又跑到那个地下通道，而那老头也又来了。
But he tasted the sweetness, and the next day he ran to the underground passage, and the old man came again.
就这么一来二去，他跟老头熟悉起来，老头也知道他无家可归，但并没有把他带回家抚养。
In this way, he became familiar with the old man, and the old man also knew that he was homeless, but did not take him home to raise him.
说句好笑的话，他那时还挺失望的。 To put it mildly, he was quite disappointed.
老头是个孤寡，据说曾经在某个大戏剧团里担任二胡手，后来退休了，无妻无子无亲戚，就那么一个人过日子，无聊的时候就到外面拉拉二胡，顺便还能赚点小钱。
The old man is a lonely widow, it is said that he once worked as an erhu player in a big drama troupe, and later retired, without a wife, no children and no relatives, so he lives alone, and when he is bored, he goes outside to pull the erhu, and by the way, he can make a little money.
王叶从八岁半到十六岁，一直跟老头有接触。老头心情好就教他拉二胡和制作二胡，也不问王叶住在哪里、平时做什么。
Wang Ye was from eight and a half years old to sixteen years old, and he had been in contact with the old man. When the old man was in a good mood, he taught him to play and make erhu, and he didn't ask Wang Ye where he lived or what he usually did.
王叶没事就给老头打打下手，如果老头能把制作好的二胡卖出去，就会给他一点零花钱当工资。
Wang Ye will give the old man a hand if he has nothing to do, and if the old man can sell the made erhu, he will give him a little pocket money as a salary.
那段时期，王叶为了养活自己，给一个所谓的道上大哥养狗，藏獒。
During that period, in order to support himself, Wang Ye raised a dog for a so-called big brother on the road, a Tibetan mastiff.
而他能找到这么一个包吃住的活计，就因为别人都不敢接近那两只藏獒，就他敢。
And he was able to find such a job to eat and live, just because no one else dared to approach the two Tibetan mastiffs, he dared.
王叶十六岁生日时，用养狗赚来的工资买了一个蛋糕去找老头，却发现老头躺在床上身体都凉了。
其实老头年龄已经不小，八十多了，要不是有王叶陪着，他恐怕还坚持不了这么长时间。
In fact, the old man is not young, more than eighty years old, if it weren't for Wang Ye by his side, he probably wouldn't have lasted so long.
直到老头死亡，王叶打电话报警，在一片乱哄哄中才知道老头早就得了胃癌，能熬这么多年已经是奇迹。
It wasn't until the old man died that Wang Ye called the police, and in the chaos, he learned that the old man had already had stomach cancer, and it was a miracle that he could survive for so many years.
王叶和老头没有任何关系，说是老头的弟子，但也没有任何继承权，老头的家产和房产自然和他没有丝毫关系。
Wang Ye has nothing to do with the old man, saying that he is the old man's disciple, but he does not have any inheritance rights, and the old man's family property and real estate naturally have nothing to do with him.
而且他以为无儿无女的老头并不是真的无儿无女，他有一个儿子，因为某些历史原因，他和妻子分开，这个儿子也从小被妻子带走，和他几乎毫无往来。
And he thought that the old man who had no children and no daughters was not really childless, he had a son, for some historical reasons, he was separated from his wife, and this son was also taken away by his wife since he was a child, and he had almost no contact with him.
但在老头死后，警方通知了那边。 But after the old man's death, the police notified the other side.
老头的儿子过来，继承了老头的所有遗产。
对于他这个弟子，老头的儿孙没有亲近，也没有过多逼迫。
虽然那人的老婆说酸话，说老头这么多年肯定有存款，问这些存款都哪里去了，是不是给这个小子拿走了。意思是想通过警方把这笔不知道是多少的未知存款从王叶那里拿回来。
但老头儿子表现得像是还有点良知，说他们已经得到房产和屋子里的所有东西，就别再那么贪了。说他这个做儿子没赡养过老头一天，老头临终几年都是这个小弟子在照顾，老头把自己的存款给他也是应该的。
实际上，老头儿子心里很清楚，他这个老父亲一直在给他老娘寄钱。而老头就靠一点微薄的退休金生活，扣除老头寄给他们的钱，再扣除生活费和医药费，老头就算有些存款，也不会有多少，而且他还拿到了老头的退休工资卡。
王叶懒得理会这家人，也不想看他们演戏，他压根就没有拿过老头一分存款。
他不欠老头的。
老头是教他拉二胡和制作二胡，也会给他饭吃。但他每次来都会给老头家里打扫卫生，还会给老头做饭洗衣服，老头生病，也都是他去买药买菜。
老头后来手不稳了，后两年的二胡几乎都是他一手制作，但老头卖二胡的钱，他只能拿到一点零头。
老头对他并没有多少师徒情，教他更像是排遣寂寞，找点事做。
他的心也不是那么容易焐热，他觉得他跟老头之间完全是利益交换，就像他跟那个道上大哥之间的关系。
为此，他在重生后也没有想过要去找老头，只想着以后他有钱了，给老头寄一点，再找个人照顾他，让他多活几年，至于他自己就没必要凑到对方面前了。
一只大手忽然落在他的头上。
王叶仰起头。
雷木的大拇指从他眼睛下面擦过，“在想什么难过的事情？”
王叶鼻子一酸，往前扑住他的大木头，抱住他的腰，呢喃：“我小时候一直以为自己不讨喜，没人喜欢我。”
雷木：“哦，看来你很有自知之明。”
王叶不可置信地瞪他的好大儿，结果就看到雷木眼睛里满是笑。
“木木！”
“叫哥。”
“就不！你先叫我爸爸。”
“滚蛋。”
“不滚。木木，你喜欢我吗？”
“凑合。”
“切，你明明就喜欢我喜欢得要死，上辈子你就是为我而死，爸爸长那么大第一次掉眼泪就是为了你~”
“净胡扯。你还能记得上辈子的事情？”
“那当然，我记性可好了。”王叶刚刚冒芽的坏心情全飞了，他就不是会伤春悲秋的性子。
雷木只当小孩在开玩笑，王叶叹息说真话都没人信。
两人一路笑闹，拎着一堆东西回到了海沟村的摊位。
第44章 上门求请
“小叶子，你们终于回来了。”海蛋蹦起来。
“怎么了？”王叶眼睛瞟向站在摊位前的两人，一个看着像是打手护卫，还有一个满头满脸的冷汗，捧着一只手臂直哎呦。
海蛋还没回答，那名护卫目光对上王叶，就道：“你就是这里的摊主，善治骨伤？我的同伴手臂断了，你能不能帮他看看？”
王叶心中一乐，这对组合怎么看怎么不像同伴，那断臂人看这护卫的眼神要有多害怕就有多害怕。
但王叶也无意戳穿两人，上门的就是生意，他只要赚钱就好，管两人是什么关系。
“没错。手臂我看看。”王叶示意断臂人站到他面前来。
那护卫伸手一推小偷。
小偷一个踉跄，差点扑倒在王叶脚下。
雷木眼睛扫过两人，拎着东西去了棕榈屋后面，转了一圈回来，手里的东西已经没有了。
王叶这时也查看完小偷的胳膊，他不动声色地道：“断得挺厉害，骨头断成好几截，有一段还碎了。”
小偷脸色惨白，这样的伤要在普通时候肯定是治不好的，就算不把胳膊切了，以后这只胳膊和手也不能用了。
护卫看他判断准确，立刻问：“那你能治吗？”
“能。一个月治好十金，七天治好二十金。”
护卫皱眉，“你原本不是七天治好十金吗？怎么翻倍了？”
雷木默默站到王叶身后。
王叶吊儿郎当地道：“伤势不一样，他这样的伤，不是我夸口，想要在七天内治得跟原来一样，除非你们给他找异术师治疗，要么就是找有名的厉害药师。我这收费还算是便宜的。”
护卫看了眼雷木，他似乎略微盘算了一会儿，最终还是点头道：“好，你给他治，必须治好。”
【任务发布：黎家护卫请玩家隔壁小王治疗小偷二狗的断臂，治疗后，奖励经验值10点。请问隔壁小王是否接受这个任务？】
黎家？王叶脑中立刻浮现出他知道的那个黎家，脸上露出玩味的笑。没想到那个黎家竟然会在这时候跑到这个海岛来，看来海草村的覆灭说不定真的和这家有点关系。
可惜这点上辈子无人能够给出明确证据，只是玩家们根据副本内容，推测出海草村覆灭并不仅仅因为囚犯岛的囚犯，更是有人勾结海盗，想要得到海草村某个秘密技艺的结果。而这个“人”很可能就是黎家。
可怜黎家护卫打死也不会想到，他的身份就这么暴露了。
王叶伸手：“我这儿的规矩，先付钱。七天后如果没好，你们再来找我。”
护卫：“先付一半。”
王叶摇头，转身就对雷木说：“哥，我用海肠粉炒菜给你吃，包你觉得好吃。”
雷木眼中含笑道：“今天你也忙了一天，早点休息，集市还有一个月，够你玩的。”
王叶乖乖道：“嗯，听哥的。”
护卫看两人自说自话不理他了，心里不舒服，他们这些人到哪里不是被人捧着，却在这么一个小小市集被个小小的药师学徒给轻慢至此。
要不是他们不好亮出身份，哼！
护卫想到管事的吩咐，到底还是掏出钱袋数出二十枚金币，交给王叶。
王叶见他肯交钱，态度立刻改变：“坐吧坐吧，你们运气好，今天最后一单，做完就收工。”
同样的处理手段。只是小偷的胳膊有一截碎的比较厉害，如果是在地球，需要打开做手术，把这些碎裂部位给拼凑到一起和断裂的大骨相连，用钢板或螺钉固定。
但小偷的骨头虽然碎裂，却碎得很干脆，并不是游离分割的错位状态，外层的筋膜也没有受到大的损伤，这种碎骨也可以不打开做手术，只保守治疗，一般也会自己长好。
王叶的能量虽然不能用来治疗，却可以迫使那些略微分离的碎骨聚拢，然后上药，激发药性，加快骨骼的自愈速度，快速形成骨痂。
最后打上药泥石膏绷带固定，戴上三角巾吊起来，叮嘱其不能乱动这支手臂，齐活。
“这就好了？”加上章绘那次，护卫已经看了两遍治疗过程，还是不太相信治疗过程如此简单。
王叶笑眯眯道：“你如果再付我二十金，我可以表演得再复杂一些。”
护卫拉起那个小偷转身就走。
海蛋几人看病人离开，一起涌过来，海蛋不住道：“小叶子，你好厉害，这个集市没人比你赚得更多。”
海崖拍了弟弟脑袋一下，不无骄傲地道：“那不叫赚，那是小叶子师父本事强。”
现在六小都恨不得把小叶子的本事全都学会了。两个病人啊，就赚了三十金。
那可是三十金币！他们全村忙活十年都不一定能赚到这么多。
之前在海沟岛，大家虽然觉得王叶厉害，但到了市集，才知道这个厉害到底有多厉害。
就是船锚和村长也对王叶的赚钱能力大为感佩，村长更是为自己能拉拢住这样的人，还能请他指点村里的年轻人，心中得意非常。
这时海沟村人看王叶的目光，就跟看海神爷爷的亲儿子差不多。
而注意到王叶给人治疗骨伤的路人也不少，之前还有人觉得那个女子是个托，但那护卫的打扮怎么看都不像是托，更何况有些人还认出了对方的身份。
不是知道对方的底细，而是知道那护卫是从一艘大船上下来的，一行人训练有素、形容整齐，一看就不是小门小户能培养出来的人手。
这样的一行人自然不可能给一个小市集上一个乡村野药师学徒当托。
很快，集市上出现一名善治骨伤的药师学徒的事就在某些人耳中传扬开了。
护卫把小偷带回大船。
“如何？”管事问小偷。
小偷不敢不说：“我感觉不是那么疼了。”
带着他的护卫也道：“我亲眼看到那小孩给这偷儿上了药以后，他手臂的红肿状态就改善许多。”
管事又看向身边一人。
那人上前，解下小偷吊在脖子上的三角巾，仔细观察那药泥石膏，之后道：“和章小姐手臂上的东西一样，可用来固定骨头和保护骨头不受二次伤害。而且……”
那人低头闻了闻石膏，沉吟片刻：“这东西有一股药味，应该是上佳的药物，但我分辨不出来这是什么药物，只能确定不是药师常用的治疗骨伤的药草。”
管事原地走了两圈，停住：“你们看是不是就找此人给波老医治？”
护卫头领有些犹豫：“我听说出手的是一个小孩子？看起来像是十岁都不到？”
嗅闻药泥石膏的青年摇头：“年龄不是问题，人有专长、术有专攻，那小孩能夸口七天就让骨头长好，不会是普通药师学徒。他就算本身不是异术师，他的药也一定不是凡药。”
“你是说他身后有个厉害的药师？”
“你们不是说那小孩身边有个脸上有刺青的男子保护吗？也许那小孩只是出来历练，有些药师就喜欢这样锻炼他们的学徒。”
“那个纹面男子杀过人，还不少。”带小偷去治伤的护卫非常肯定地道。
管事抬起手，示意大家不用再争论：“不管那小孩什么身份，如果他真对治疗骨伤有特别造诣，那就请他出手试试看，波老的伤情不好再等下去。”
护卫头领不满地道：“船上的药师一点用没有，看到波老的伤势竟然让我们赶紧把他的腿给切了，还说再拖延就会伤及性命，我呸！”
“也不是那药师一个人这么说，我们找了其他大船上的药师和学徒，不也都这么说。”管事无奈道。
众人沉默。如果不是这样，他们也不会跑到集市上去碰机会，更不会在听到那位章小姐的推荐后就立刻跑去找那小孩。
“要不要找个人再试试，整成和波老一样的伤势？”
“不用了，就去找那小孩，先看看那小孩怎么说。”管事终于下定决心。
等所有人都走出船舱，护卫头领落在最后面，跟管事并行，低声问道：“那个章小姐到底什么身份？我们真的要把她送去春木上国？”
“不过是顺路的事。至于章小姐的身份，你不用管，也不要去跟她打探。”管事沉下声。
护卫头领不放心：“她来得蹊跷，会不会……”
管事摇头：“她和那边的人没关系。”
左右看看，管事确定周围无人，才用极小的声音说道：“她跟我出示了一物，这位小姐很可能是某位大人物的私生女，她母亲没了，想要去找她父亲。这章小姐所求不多，只是想要找个身份地位不算太差的人家嫁了，安安稳稳过一辈子。我们送她过去，不过是顺路的事，她也只是需要一个庇护。毕竟她孤身一人，身上应该还带了不少她父亲给她们母子安家的财产。”
护卫头领懂了，送私生女要比送私生子安全得多，大家夫人就算知道丈夫在外面多了个私生女，大多也不会在乎，一个女孩子而已，一副嫁妆就能打发了，如果长得好，还能用来联姻。
而他们送这章小姐一程，对他们没什么妨碍，却能送个人情出去。
And they gave Miss Zhang a ride, there was no obstacle to them, but they could send a favor out.
管事换了两个面生的护卫去找王叶。 The steward changed two guards to find Wang Ye.
可等他们赶到海沟村摊点时，竟发现那对兄弟又跑了。 But when they arrived at the stall in Trench Village, they found that the brothers had run away again.
这次不是去逛市集，而是回家吃晚饭了。 This time, instead of going to the market, I went home for dinner.
“不等了，去村里找他，务必把人请到船上来。”管事命令。
"Don't wait, go to the village to find him, be sure to invite someone to the boat." Steward's Order.
于是，两名护卫又询问海沟村人，那对兄弟俩住在哪里。
The two guards then asked the people of Trench where the brothers lived.
海沟村人看这两人气势汹汹，担心他们对小叶子两人不利，不肯说。
The people of Haigou Village saw that these two people were aggressive, and they were worried that they would be unfavorable to Xiao Yezi and the others, so they refused to say anything.
最后还是两名护卫说他们是听说这里有善治骨伤的人才会找过来，又说家里有人急等着去看伤。
海蛋眼珠一转，像是脱口而出一样，大声道：“你们要是急可以去找海草村这边的药师学徒富奇器，听说他可厉害了，什么病都能看都能治。”
Haidan's eyes rolled, as if he blurted out, and said loudly: "If you are in a hurry, you can go to the pharmacist apprentice Fu Qiqi here in Seagrass Village, I heard that he is very powerful, and he can be cured of any disease." ”
护卫之一听到富奇器的名字，眼中闪过不屑，没给对方留半丝脸面，直接道：“找过了，没用，那就是个最低级的药师学徒，也就能在这种偏僻的海岛渔村充大头。”
When one of the guards heard the name of Fu Qiqi, his eyes flashed with disdain, and he didn't save any face for the other party, and said directly: "I've found it, it's useless, it's the lowest level of pharmacist apprentice, and he can be a big head in this kind of remote island fishing village." ”
海蛋听了这话嘴都要笑咧了，还要故作惊讶，被他哥一把推到身后。
Hai Dan was about to smile when he heard this, and he pretended to be surprised, and was pushed behind him by his brother.
村长过来，说他可以让村里的孩子跑个腿，但不确定小叶子师父会不会过来，又说他忙了一天，精力消耗很大。
The village chief came over and said that he could let the children in the village run errands, but he was not sure if Master Xiao Yezi would come, and said that he had been busy all day and had a lot of energy.
另一名护卫掏出一个小钱袋，抛给村长：“只要他跟我们走一趟，去看看病人的情况，不管能不能治，这些都归他。如果能把病人治好，另外还有重酬。”
Another guard took out a small money bag and threw it to the village chief: "As long as he comes with us to see how the patient is doing, whether it can be cured or not, these are all his." If the patient can be cured, there is also a heavy reward. ”
村长打开钱袋看了看，当看到里面五个金光闪闪的钱币，立刻把钱袋口扎紧，满脸笑容地道：“好，小老儿亲自跑一趟，两位稍等。”
The village chief opened the money bag and looked at it, and when he saw the five glittering coins inside, he immediately tied the mouth of the money bag tightly, and said with a smile on his face: "Okay, Xiao Lao'er will go on a trip by himself, and the two of you will wait a while." ”
“不用，我们跟你一起去请他。”护卫按住村长的肩膀，不容他拒绝。
"No, we'll go with you to him." The guard pressed the village chief's shoulders and refused to refuse.
鲨鱼见此，脚步一动。 Seeing this, the shark moved.
船锚按住鲨鱼的肩膀，扬声道：“村长，这边摊子还需要你费心，我来带路吧。”
The anchor pressed the shark's shoulder and raised his voice: "Village Chief, you still need to worry about the stall here, I'll lead the way." ”
正在磨制海肠粉的王叶见有人直接找上门，拍拍手：“上门一趟就给五个金币？行吧，那就走一趟。”
Wang Ye, who was grinding sea rice noodles, saw that someone came directly to the door and clapped his hands: "I will give five gold coins for a trip to the door?" Okay, let's take a trip. ”
在王叶和雷木跟着两名护卫去往码头时，隔壁那对妯娌也在大门处张望。
When Wang Ye and Lei Mu followed the two guards to the dock, the pair of concubines next door were also looking at the gate.
这边人家的围墙大门白天很少关闭，都是敞开着。 The gates of the walls are rarely closed during the day, they are always open.
因为隔壁屋子就是他们租出去的，自然对隔壁情况就关心万分。
Because they rented out the next room, they naturally cared about the situation next door.
偏偏海蛋还特别喜欢炫耀，尤其喜欢在海草村人面前炫耀，当那对妯娌之一叫住他，询问那两护卫是什么人时。
But Hai Dan also likes to show off, especially in front of the people of Seagrass Village, when one of the two concubines stopped him and asked who the two guards were.
海蛋就用好大的声音说：“他们是来请我们小叶子师父去给他们家人看病的，现在集市里的人都知道我们小叶子师父最善治骨伤。他们还去找了别的药师学徒，都说看不好。他们还说那个富奇器就是个最低级的药师学徒，只能在咱们这一片充大头。”
Hai Dan said in a loud voice: "They are here to invite our Xiao Yezi Master to see their family, and now the people in the market know that our Xiao Yezi Master is the best at treating bone injuries." They also went to find other pharmacist apprentices, and they all said that they couldn't see it well. They also said that Fu Qi Qi was the lowest level of pharmacist apprentice, and he could only fill the big head in our area. ”
海崖气，这个弟弟真的太不省事了。知道的明白他是炫耀小叶子师父的本事，不知道的还以为他专门给小叶子师父拉仇恨。
Haiya gas, this younger brother is really unconscious. Those who know understand that he is showing off Master Xiao Yezi's ability, and those who don't know think that he is specially hating Master Xiao Yezi.
海崖上去就敲了他弟脑袋一下，对那对妯娌冷冷淡淡地点点头，“别听这小子胡说，他什么都不懂，就会瞎咋呼。”
Haiya went up and knocked his brother on the head, and nodded coldly at the pair of concubines, "Don't listen to this kid's nonsense, he doesn't understand anything, he will talk nonsense." ”
海蛋还想争辩，被他哥又重重敲了一下。 Hai Dan still wanted to argue, but was knocked hard by his brother again.
海蛋呜哇一声，委屈地大哭出来，被海崖顺势拖回隔壁。
The sea egg whimpered, cried out aggrievedly, and was dragged back to the next door by the sea cliff.
那对妯娌对视，眼中有不信也有惊疑。 The pair of concubines looked at each other, with disbelief and surprise in their eyes.
“我出去打听打听。” "I'll go out and inquire."
“我也去。我要问问看隔壁是不是真的善治骨伤。” "I'll go too. I'm going to ask if the next door is really good at treating bone injuries. ”
结果这对妯娌还没打听到租客是否真的善治骨伤，先打听到了富奇器正在找药师的事情。
As a result, the pair of concubines didn't know if the tenant was really good at treating bone injuries, and first inquired about Fu Qiqi looking for a pharmacist.
富奇器的事也不用打听，他被人抬回家的时候，嚎叫了一路。
There was no need to inquire about Fuqiqi, and when he was carried home, he howled all the way.
人还没到家，富奇器得了怪病的事就已经传遍全村。 Before the people arrived home, the news that Fu Qiqi had a strange disease had spread throughout the village.
他老子富德急疯了，催着岛主福秀山想办法。 His old son Fude went crazy and urged the island owner Fu Xiushan to find a way.
岛主能有什么办法，只好带着他去到处找那些大船上的药师和药师学徒，重金请他们过来治疗富奇器。
What can the island owner do, he has no choice but to take him everywhere to find the pharmacists and pharmacist apprentices on those big ships, and invite them to come over to treat Fuqi Qi Qi with a lot of money.
可来了两位药师学徒，看了富奇器的情况，惊奇半晌却都摇头说他们没办法治。
But two pharmacist apprentices came, and after seeing the situation of Fuqi Weapon, they were surprised for a while, but they both shook their heads and said that they couldn't cure it.
富德花了大笔金钱请人过来，结果这钱却白花了，可他又不能把这钱讨回来，又气又急，嚷嚷着药师学徒不行，得请药师来给他儿子看病。
Fude spent a lot of money to invite someone to come over, but the money was spent in vain, but he couldn't get the money back, so he was angry and anxious, shouting that the pharmacist apprentice couldn't do it, and that he had to ask the pharmacist to come and treat his son.
岛主有苦说不出。药师学徒还好找一些，药师那是能随便请来的吗？
The owner of the island has a bitterness and can't say it. It's easier to find some pharmacist apprentices, can pharmacists be invited casually?
富德就跟岛主闹，说他儿子要是治不好，以后村里就再也没有正儿八经的药师学徒，他要带儿子出去找他的老师给他治，治好就不回来了。
Fude quarreled with the owner of the island, saying that if his son could not be cured, there would be no more pharmacist apprentices in the village in the future, and he would take his son out to find his teacher to treat him, and he would not come back after being cured.
岛主考虑再三，想着岛上不能没有一个正规的药师学徒，到底还是捏着鼻子，拉着他这张老脸去求人了。
The owner of the island thought about it again and again, thinking that the island could not be without a regular pharmacist apprentice, so he still pinched his nose and pulled his old face to beg for help.
最后求来一位商船的常驻药师，那位药师来了后，只略微给富奇器检查一番，就断言道：“这病我治不好，也没办法治。他这八成是得罪了人，而且得罪的还是异术师。想要你们儿子好起来，那就让他好好想想到底得罪了谁，赶紧去请罪，说不定还能挽回一条小命。”
Finally, he asked for a resident pharmacist of the merchant ship, and when the pharmacist came, he only examined the Fuqi device slightly, and then asserted: "I can't cure this disease, and I can't cure it." Eighty percent of him has offended people, and he has offended magicians. If you want your son to get better, then let him think about who he offended, and hurry up to ask for guilt, maybe he can save a small life. ”
最后这位药师连谢礼都没拿，直接走人。 In the end, the pharmacist didn't even take the thank you gift and left directly.
富家人多嘴杂，药师说的话，不到一会儿就传遍了海草村。出门打听的两妇人也听说了此事。
The rich family has a lot of mouths, and what the pharmacist said spread all over Seagrass Village in less than a while. The two women who had gone out to inquire had also heard about it.
无巧不巧，那位药师在回去商船的路上，恰恰遇到了正带着王叶和雷木去船上出诊的黎家护卫。
Coincidentally, on the way back to the merchant ship, the pharmacist happened to meet the Li family's guards who were taking Wang Ye and Lei Mu to the ship for medical treatment.
对于别人来说，这两护卫都是陌生面孔，他们就没有下过船。
To others, both guards were unfamiliar faces, and they never got off the boat.
可同在一艘船上的驻船药师被请去黎家船舱看过那位波老，他自然见到过黎家护卫都是什么样，哪怕记不住面孔，也能记住他们的统一服饰。
But the ship's resident pharmacist, who was on the same ship, was invited to the Li family's cabin to see the Bo Lao, and he naturally saw what the Li family's guards were like, even if he couldn't remember the faces, he could remember their uniform clothing.
两护卫对药师点点头，但没有开口打招呼。 The two guards nodded to the pharmacist, but did not say hello.
第45章 黎家和谈条件 Chapter 45 Conditions for the Li Family Peace Talks
药师也不想多管闲事，只目光扫过后面的雷木和王叶，重点在纹面的雷木脸上多停留了两秒，至于还是个孩子的王叶，他就没多注意。
The pharmacist didn't want to meddle either, so he only swept his gaze over Lei Mu and Wang Ye behind him, focusing on the tattooed Lei Mu's face for two more seconds, as for Wang Ye, who was still a child, he didn't pay much attention.
可他身后跟着的随从却是个喜欢八卦的，这人今天在集市上逛了一天，曾亲眼看到过王叶给两个断臂者治疗，也是他第一个说出那女子是托的话。
But the entourage behind him was a gossip person, this man had been shopping in the market for a day today, and had seen Wang Ye treat two people with broken arms, and he was the first to say that the woman was a trust.
后来发现船上那个大户人家的护卫竟然也带人去找那小孩，他就又跑过去看了。
Later, when he found out that the guard of the big family on the ship had also led someone to look for the child, he ran over to see it again.
别人不清楚，专门负责侍候驻船药师的他可是知道那大户人家请他们药师看过一个断腿病人的事。当看到那大户人家的护卫带着一个骨折的病人去找那小孩，他就猜出对方可能是急病乱投医，想要试试那乡村野孩子的本事。
Others didn't know, but he, who was in charge of waiting for the pharmacist stationed on the ship, knew that the big family had asked their pharmacist to see a patient with a broken leg. When he saw that the guard of the large family was looking for the child with a broken patient, he guessed that the other party might have been sick and rushed to the hospital, and wanted to try the skills of the wild child in the country.
“大人，他们……”随从认出王叶，立刻凑近药师，附耳如此这般一说。
"My lord, they ......" The attendant recognized Wang Ye and immediately approached the pharmacist, saying this and so on.
药师眼中闪过惊讶之色，这才把目光放到不起眼的王叶身上。
A look of surprise flashed in the pharmacist's eyes, and then he set his eyes on the inconspicuous Wang Ye.
王叶拉着雷木的手，跟个真的小孩子一样，晃晃荡荡。 Wang Ye took Lei Mu's hand, swaying like a real child.
雷木感觉到王叶在自己手心里划来划去，先以为他调皮，过了一会儿才发现小家伙是在他手心里写字。
Lei Mu felt Wang Ye scratching around in the palm of his hand, first thought he was naughty, and after a while, he realized that the little guy was writing in the palm of his hand.
黎？ Black?
小叶子是在告诉他，现在过来请他们的护卫是黎家人？雷木反应非常快。
Xiao Yezi was telling him that the guards who came to invite them now were the Li family? Raimu reacts very quickly.
雷木听过黎家，春木上国七大家族之一，但近几十年有些没落，家里没有能撑场面的大人物，家主才是一个侯爵，还是靠着妻子那边的关系才勉强坐稳这个爵位。
Lei Mu has heard of the Li family, one of the seven major families of Chunmu Shangguo, but in recent decades, there is no big man in the family who can support the scene, and the head of the family is a marquis, and he still relies on his wife's relationship to barely sit on this title.
但黎家很会经商，手上的商会掌握着几个非常赚钱的行当。
But the Li family is very good at business, and the chamber of commerce in their hands has several very profitable businesses.
只不过黎家的名声不太好，很多人都在暗中传说黎家手中好些赚钱行当的技艺都是从别的家族或个人手里掠夺过来。
It's just that the reputation of the Li family is not very good, and many people secretly say that many of the skills in the Li family's hands to make money are plundered from other families or individuals.
而黎家地位越是拉胯，越是对财产重视，仗着上国侯爵的身份，到处搜刮一些偏远地区的小家族或小势力，做出了不少灭门惨事。
And the more the status of the Li family is stretched, the more they attach importance to property, relying on the identity of the marquis of Shangguo, they loot some small families or small forces in remote areas everywhere, and do a lot of tragic things.
不过黎家手脚做得干净，虽有传言，却一直没有人能抓住他们的把柄。
However, the Li family has done a clean job with their hands and feet, and although there are rumors, no one has been able to catch their handles.
雷木微微握紧小叶子的手，用自己的态度告诉他：不用怕，有他在。
Lei Mu clenched Xiao Yezi's hand slightly, and told him with his own attitude: Don't be afraid, he is here.
王叶心道我才不怕黎家，但他喜欢木木这么关心他护着他，嘿嘿。
Wang Yexin said I am not afraid of the Li family, but he likes Mu Mu to care about him so much and protect him, hehe.
“这两位也是去看那位病人的吗？”本该就这么错肩而过的药师特意放慢脚步。
"Did these two go to see the patient too?" The pharmacist, who should have been passing by like this, deliberately slowed down.
两名护卫不得不也放慢脚步，两人有些犹豫，但还是回答：“是。”
The two guards had to slow down as well, and they hesitated, but replied, "Yes." ”
药师通情达理地道：“多找人看看也好。我个人意见也只是一家之言，天下如此之大，能人异士无数，也许就有人有办法救回那位老先生的腿。”
The pharmacist said reasonably: "It's good to find more people to take a look." My personal opinion is just the words of one family, the world is so big, there are countless capable people, maybe someone has a way to save the old gentleman's leg. ”
两护卫对药师抱拳，“多谢药师大人理解。” The two guards clasped their fists at the pharmacist, "Thank you for your understanding." ”
微老的药师先对雷木点头施礼，又用满含兴味的目光看向王叶，温和地问：“小兄弟你好，听说你善治骨伤，不知道你老师是谁，说不定我认识。”
The old pharmacist first nodded to Lei Mu, then looked at Wang Ye with an interesting gaze, and asked gently: "Hello little brother, I heard that you are good at treating bone injuries, I don't know who your teacher is, maybe I know." ”
王叶扮害羞小孩，躲到雷木身后，探出半个脑袋小声说：“师父说不出师就不能说我是他的弟子，怕我给他丢脸。”
Wang Ye pretended to be a shy child, hid behind Lei Mu, poked out half of his head and whispered: "Master can't say that if you can't say that the master is not a disciple, I am afraid that I will embarrass him." ”
药师哈哈大笑，“明白明白。如果我收徒，我也会这么要求他。”
The pharmacist laughed, "Understood, understood. If I take in an apprentice, I will ask him the same. ”
王叶太小了，微老药师根本没把王叶当对手，反而生出一些大人对小孩都会有的怜爱感，就宛如邻家大伯，特别和气地和王叶拉家常：
Wang Ye is too young, and the old pharmacist didn't treat Wang Ye as an opponent at all, but gave birth to some feelings of pity that adults will have for children, just like the uncle next door, especially kindly with Wang Yela:
“小家伙，你叫什么名字？跟你师父学习多久了？主要是学习治疗骨伤吗？”
"What's your name, little one? How long have you been studying with your master? Is it mainly to learn to treat bone injuries? ”
“我叫王叶。”王叶掰着手指数数：“我跟师父学习好多好多年了，数不清。”
"My name is Wang Ye." Wang Ye folded his hands and counted: "I have been studying with Master for many, many years, and I can't count them. ”
微老药师又哈哈大笑，觉得这小孩很逗，又问他：“你有去参加学徒考核吗？现在几级了？”
The old pharmacist laughed again, thinking that the child was very funny, and asked him again, "Have you gone to the apprenticeship examination?" How many levels are it now? ”
王叶摇头，“师父有事，让木哥带我去角戈群岛那边的药师公会参加学徒考核，可我贪玩，不小心落水，害得木哥来救我，我们就漂到这儿来了，就没来得及去考试。”
Wang Ye shook his head, "Master has something to do, ask Brother Mu to take me to the Pharmacist Guild over there in the Jiaoge Islands to participate in the apprenticeship assessment, but I was greedy for fun and accidentally fell into the water, causing Brother Mu to come to save me, so we drifted here, and we didn't have time to take the exam." ”
微老药师失笑，说道：“原来是流落到这里来的，我说这里怎么会突然出现我不知道的高明药师。我在这条航道跑了好些年，这附近大大小小的岛屿不敢说都去过，但如果这边有个高明的药师，我不可能没听过。”
The old pharmacist smiled and said, "It turned out that he came here, and I said how could a high-level pharmacist suddenly appear here that I don't know." I've been running this waterway for years, and I'd love to say I've been to all the islands around here, but if there's a clever pharmacist here, I can't have heard of it. ”
王叶听出药师打探的意思，他就当没听出来一样，特别天真地抱怨道：“我师父带我来这边寻找药物，但他只要找到好药就顾不上我了。幸好我还有木哥~”
Wang Ye heard the meaning of the pharmacist's inquiry, so he complained innocently as if he hadn't heard it: "My master brought me here to look for medicine, but as long as he finds a good medicine, he can't take care of me." Fortunately, I still have Brother Mu~"
微老药师又被逗笑，“很多药师都这样，看到好药就什么都顾不上了。小叶子啊，如果你们还没有购买船票，可以来找我，虽然我们船已经满员，但凭我的面子，再塞下两个人还是可以的。”
The old pharmacist was amused again, "Many pharmacists are like this, and they can't take care of anything when they see good medicine." Xiao Yezi, if you haven't bought a ticket yet, you can come to me, although our ship is full, but with my face, it's still okay to stuff two more people. ”
“你们的船也会去角戈群岛吗？” "Will your ship also go to the Horngo Islands?"
“去。那边是靠近春木上国海湾最大的群岛，我们每次回去春木上国，都会在那边停留一段时间。”
"Go. It is the largest archipelago near the bay of Haruki Kamikoku, and every time we go back to Haruki Kamikoku, we will stay there for a while. ”
“那你们的船什么时候出发？” "And when will your ship depart?"
“大家在船上待的时间太久，每年到了海草岛这边都会在这里放松放松，基本上会等到集市结束再走。你要是等不及，我可以给你介绍其他船主。”
"People spend so much time on the boat that every year when they come to Seagrass Island, they relax here and basically wait until the market is over. If you can't wait, I can introduce you to other owners. ”
“不用不用，一个月就很好，正好我这边也有点事。” "No, no, a month is fine, and it just so happens that I have something to do here."
“哟，你这个小家伙还有事要办？是什么事，给人治疗骨伤吗？”
"Yo, you little guy still have something to do? What is it, to heal a bone wound? ”
一老一小就这么说上了，还相谈甚欢。 The old and the young said so, and they talked happily with each other.
王叶很快就从和微老药师的聊天中知道，这位药师姓岩，商船主是他的侄子，他就在侄子船上做随船药师，常年跑春木上国角戈群岛海草岛黒峡岛夏火上国这条航线。
Wang Ye soon knew from the chat with the old pharmacist that this pharmacist's surname was Yan, and the merchant shipowner was his nephew, so he worked as a ship-accompanying pharmacist on his nephew's ship, and ran the route of Haruki Shangguo Jiaoge Islands, Seagrass Island, Heixia Island, and Xiahuo Shangguo all year round.
黎家两名护卫很是傻眼，不过也放心许多，他们也怕请了别的药师得罪了随船药师，还好这位岩药师为人很是随和，没什么药师架子，对他们请来的小药师学徒也没有看不顺眼。
The two guards of the Li family were very dumbfounded, but they were also much more relieved, they were also afraid that they would offend the pharmacist on the ship by inviting other pharmacists, but fortunately, this rock pharmacist was very easy-going, there was no pharmacist shelf, and the little pharmacist apprentice they invited did not look unpleasant.
王叶也觉得这个岩药师为人很不错，他见过的药师很多，没架子的真没几个。不是说这些药师性子都不好，而是大多数药师为了不被人经常骚扰，就喜欢维持一个高冷人设。
Wang Ye also felt that this rock pharmacist was a very good person, he had seen a lot of pharmacists, and there were really few who didn't have a shelf. It's not that these pharmacists are not good, but most pharmacists like to maintain a cold personality in order not to be harassed often.
当然有些人是真的性格就是高冷，不是故意疏离。有些人的高冷那就是装出来的，只不过有的是为了清静，有的只是为了抬高身价和摆架子。
Of course, some people are really cold, not deliberately alienated. Some people's coldness is pretended, but some are just for quietness, and some are just to raise their prices and put on a show.
雷木看王叶和这名药师聊得开心，多少猜出他的打算。他猜王叶很可能是在帮海沟岛寻找药泥的适合买主。
Lei Mu saw that Wang Ye was chatting happily with this pharmacist, and he guessed his plan somewhat. He guessed that Wang Ye was probably helping Trench Island find a suitable buyer for the medicinal mud.
王叶确实存了这个心。 Wang Ye did have this heart.
他甚至邀请岩药师和他一起去治疗那位病人，美其名曰请对方指点，实际上是想对方主动发现药泥。
He even invited the rock pharmacist to treat the patient with him, and asked the other party for guidance, but in fact, he wanted the other party to take the initiative to discover the medicine mud.
岩药师欣然同意，他很喜欢指点小辈，虽然王叶不是他的弟子，但他看这孩子顺眼，也愿意指点一番。而且学无止境，说不定他也能从小孩治疗他人的药草和手法中偷师一二呢。
The Rock Medicine Master readily agreed, he liked to give advice to the juniors, although Wang Ye was not his disciple, but he was also willing to give advice to the eyes of this child. And there is no end to learning, maybe he can steal a lesson or two from the herbs and techniques that children use to treat others.
对于这种情况，两名护卫不好阻止，只能请示管事。 In this case, the two guards could not stop it, so they could only ask the steward.
管事巴不得如此，只要岩药师对他们请别的药师没意见，他能在一边看着，他们也能更放心一些。
The steward wished that this was the case, as long as the Rock Medicine Master had no problem with them inviting other pharmacists, he could watch from the side, and they would be more at ease.
病人是一名老人，看那胡须和头发全都花白的模样，至少有七十岁。
The patient was an old man, at least seventy years old, with a gray beard and hair.
老头躺在床上，双眼紧闭，像是陷入昏迷。 The old man lay on the bed, his eyes closed, as if he had fallen into a coma.
岩药师主动解释：“是我建议他们让患者服药昏睡，否则那疼痛会折磨得患者受不了，患者年岁又大，只怕……”
The pharmacist took the initiative to explain: "It was I who suggested that they let the patient take medicine and fall asleep, otherwise the pain would torment the patient and the patient could not stand it, and the patient was old and afraid of ......."
管事亲自上前拉开毯子，露出老头的两条腿。 The steward himself stepped forward and pulled the blanket open, revealing the old man's legs.
王叶一看这两条腿就明白岩药师无法治疗了。 As soon as Wang Ye looked at these two legs, he understood that the rock medicine master could not treat them.
老头的两条腿像是被什么重物踩过，左腿断得很干脆，迎面骨断裂，还戳破了皮肤，成了开放型伤口。
The old man's two legs seemed to have been stepped on by some heavy object, and his left leg was broken very crisply, and his facial bone was broken, and the skin was punctured, becoming an open wound.
不过这条腿已经被人处理过，骨头也已经对位合拢，表皮伤也已经缝合，并绑着木板做好了固定。
However, the leg has been treated, the bones have been aligned, the epidermal wound has been stitched up, and it has been secured with a plank.
另外一条腿的情况就比较糟糕了，从大腿往下，骨骼几乎粉碎，连膝盖骨都碎成了几片。
The other leg was in a worse situation, from the thigh down, the bone was almost shattered, and even the kneecap was shattered into several pieces.
大腿骨碎得最严重，虽然没有开放型伤口，但整条腿都严重肿胀起来，颜色紫红。
The thigh bone was the most severely shattered, and although there was no open wound, the whole leg was severely swollen and purple-red.
这种情况非常危险，就算是在地球，也会被医生要求截肢处理。
This condition is very dangerous, and even on Earth, the doctor will order an amputation.
岩药师可不愿为难小孩，当即就道：“这种伤要我说只能请异术师来治疗，普通药师几乎无能为力。别说你，就算你师父来了，恐怕也无可奈何。”
The rock pharmacist didn't want to embarrass the child, so he immediately said: "This kind of injury requires me to say that I can only ask a magician to treat it, and ordinary pharmacists can hardly do anything. Don't talk about you, even if your master comes, I'm afraid there is nothing to be done. ”
王叶摸摸下巴，要不要治呢？ Wang Ye touched his chin, do you want to treat it?
这个伤确实很麻烦，得把整条腿打开，把里面大的骨骼尽量拼凑起来再稳定，小的太碎了就只能捡出来扔掉，至于缺失部分就得找其他材料弥补。
This injury is really troublesome, you have to open the whole leg, put together the big bones inside as much as possible to stabilize it, the small ones are too broken and can only be picked up and thrown away, and the missing parts have to be made up for by other materials.
但这种手术问题最大的还不是治疗骨伤，而是他的腿部血管、肌肉、神经和筋膜几乎全都完了，属于不可逆损伤，只靠人体自复能力根本不可能治愈，只能截肢，否则感染面积扩大，人命也会跟着完蛋。
“最好的办法就是截肢，人也少受罪，救回的可能性也大。”王叶道。
岩药师眼睛一亮，别看眼前的小孩年龄不大，但说出的话却很老道，一看就不是没有什么经验的刚进门学徒。
“我也是这么认为。”岩药师附和。
管事头大：“真的没有其他办法了吗？” The steward had a big head: "Is there really no other way?" ”
如果他们能找到会治疗的异术师，他们早就找了，但这不是海草岛没有吗。
If they could find a magician who could heal, they would have found it a long time ago, but isn't Seagrass Island non-existent.
他们也不可能赶往角戈群岛找人，就算一路平顺，也要三天三夜的海程，恐怕人还没送到就不行了。
It is impossible for them to rush to the Jiaogo Islands to find people, even if the road is smooth, it will take three days and three nights by sea, and I am afraid that they will not be able to do it before the people are delivered.
也许这么多商船的客人中很可能就有几位会治疗的异术师，可他们为了不泄露身份来历，又不能大张旗鼓地找。
Perhaps there are a few magicians who can heal among the guests of so many merchant ships, but they can't look for them in a big way in order not to reveal their identities.
管事为此还在岛上佣兵公会的分站点发布了任务，寻求治疗者，但从昨晚挂到现在，也没有人找上门。
For this reason, the steward also issued a mission at the sub-site of the Mercenary Guild on the island, seeking healers, but since last night, no one has come to the door.
如果不是这样，他们也不会看到一个乡下孩子会治疗骨伤，就花重金把人请过来。
If it weren't for that, they wouldn't have seen a country kid treat a bone injury, so they would have spent a lot of money to bring someone over.
【任务发布：黎家客卿波老被橡木兽踩碎下肢，黎家管事希望玩家隔壁小王能出手治疗其，让其恢复行走能力。任务完成，根据治愈程度，奖励10点到20点经验值。请问隔壁小王是否接受这个任务？】
[Mission release: The Li family's guest Qing Bo Lao was trampled by the oak beast and crushed his lower limbs, and the Li family's steward hopes that Xiao Wang next door to the player can treat him and restore his ability to walk. Quest completion, depending on the level of healing, rewards between 10 and 20 XP. Does Xiao Wang next door accept this task? 】
经验值很少，但王叶已经习惯了系统的吝啬。救命大约能给一百点，治疗一只胳膊腿就只有十点。
The experience points are very small, but Wang Ye is used to the stinginess of the system. Saving can give about 100 points, and healing an arm and leg is only 10 points.
“这伤势快有两天了吧？你们在海上遇到什么了？”王叶假装天真小孩，好奇地问。
"It's been almost two days, isn't it? What did you encounter at sea? Wang Ye pretended to be an innocent child and asked curiously.
这也是岩药师很想知道的问题，但他是大人，可不好这么直接问伤患家属。
This is also a question that the Iwakyo Medicine Master wants to know, but he is an adult, so it is not good to ask the family members of the injured so directly.
他只知道这家人在快要到达海草岛的时候，乘坐小船离开了一天，等他们回到船上，少了四个护卫，这个老人也变成了这样。
All he knew was that the family had been away for a day in a small boat when they were about to arrive at Seagrass Island, and when they returned to the boat, there were four less guards, and the old man had become like this.
而根据航程，他侄子告诉他，那附近有一个海盗聚集点。
According to the voyage, his nephew told him that there was a pirate gathering point nearby.
但他和他侄子都假装不知道这件事，也无意打听这家人的来历。
But neither he nor his nephew pretended not to know about it, and had no intention of inquiring about the family's origins.
管事含糊道：“老人家去一座岛上见老朋友，无意间遇到了岛中凶兽，逃跑中被踩踏。”
The steward said vaguely: "The old man went to an island to meet an old friend, and accidentally encountered a fierce beast on the island, and was trampled on in the escape. ”
王叶煞有其事地点点头：“真倒霉。” Wang Ye nodded matter-of-factly: "It's really unlucky." ”
管事想打他，看在他是个小孩的份上，忍了。 The steward wanted to beat him, but for the sake of him being a child, he endured it.
不过管事的脸还是拉了下来，“如果你不能治，那我就不多留你们了，好走不送。”
However, the steward's face still fell, "If you can't cure it, then I won't keep you any longer, so I can't send you away." ”
王叶慢腾腾道：“我没说我不能治，我只是说对这个老先生来说最好的方法就是截肢。”
Wang Ye said slowly: "I didn't say that I can't treat it, I just said that the best way for this old gentleman is to amputate his leg." ”
管事还没反应过来，岩药师先大吃一惊：“你说什么？你能治？你是异术师？”
Before the steward could react, the rock medicine master was taken aback: "What did you say?" Can you cure it? Are you a magician? ”
王叶又躲到了雷木身后，只探出半个脑袋，喏喏地道：“我不知道我是不是异术师，我只知道我能治，师父以前治疗过同样伤势的人。”
Wang Ye hid behind Lei Mu again, only poked out half of his head, and said, "I don't know if I'm an allergic or not, I only know that I can heal, Master has treated people with the same injuries before." ”
管事和岩药师一起大喜，两人几乎异口同声道：“怎么治？”
The steward and the rock medicine master were overjoyed together, and the two of them almost said in unison: "How to cure it?" ”
王叶却拉着雷木的衣角，期期艾艾地道：“这种治疗方法很耗费精力也非常麻烦，二十金肯定不行。”
Wang Ye pulled the corner of Lei Mu's clothes, and said with Ai Ai: "This treatment method is very energy-consuming and very troublesome, and twenty gold will definitely not work." ”
管事要给他急死了，跺脚道：“只要你能治好，保住老人家的两条腿，就是两百金币我也给！”
The steward was about to give him a hurry, so he stomped his feet and said, "As long as you can cure it and save the old man's two legs, I will give you two hundred gold coins!" ”
王叶摇头，张开小手：“至少五百金币，以及一枚魔晶。”
Wang Ye shook his head and opened his small hand: "At least five hundred gold coins, as well as a magic crystal." ”
“金币可以，但魔晶……”管事不想给。他在佣兵公会发布任务，才出了八百金币，也没舍得出魔晶。
"Gold coins are fine, but the magic crystal ......" the steward doesn't want to give it. He issued a task in the Mercenary Guild, and only 800 gold coins were released, and he didn't give up the magic crystal.
王叶坚持：“魔晶必须有，我能量不足，需要外力补充。”
Wang Ye insisted: "There must be a magic crystal, I am short of energy, and I need external strength to replenish it." ”
管事犹豫片刻，一咬牙：“好，我给你。但你一定要治好，如果波老出了问题……”
The steward hesitated for a moment and gritted his teeth: "Okay, I'll give it to you." But you must be cured, if something goes wrong with Bo Lao......"
“你威胁我，那我不治了。”王叶拉住雷木的手，当即嚷嚷：“哥，我们回家。”
"If you threaten me, then I will die." Wang Ye grabbed Lei Mu's hand and immediately shouted, "Brother, let's go home." ”
雷木：“那就回家。” Remu: "Then go home." ”
管事忙改口：“我没威胁你，你只要尽心治，尽你最大能力治。”
The steward hurriedly changed his words: "I didn't threaten you, you just need to do your best to govern and do your best." ”
王叶还要谈条件：“这老先生年纪太大了，他的伤势也太重，我怕他会在治疗过程中支持不住。以前我师父治疗的也是年轻人，没这么老。”
Wang Ye also had to talk about the conditions: "This old gentleman is too old, and his injuries are too serious, I am afraid that he will not be able to support him during the treatment process." In the past, my master also treated young people, not so old. ”
岩药师也为王叶说话：“他说的没错，这治病救伤都有个万一，如果换了一般药师，见到这样的伤势，就算会治，也不会轻易出手。也就是这孩子初生牛犊不怕虎，才敢出手试试，但如果有个什么，非要让他承担，那就过分了。”
The pharmacist also spoke for Wang Ye: "He is right, there is a case for this treatment and injury, if you change to an ordinary pharmacist, if you see such an injury, even if you can treat it, you will not act easily." That is, this child's newborn calf is not afraid of tigers, so he dares to try, but if there is something, let him bear it, it will be too much. ”
管事当着岩药师的面也不好说狠话，何况这小孩身边的纹面男子看上去也不是好惹的，只好承诺：“只要他肯用心治，如果真的有什么不好的结果……”
The steward couldn't say cruel things in front of the rock pharmacist, not to mention that the tattooed man next to the kid didn't look easy to mess with, so he had to promise: "As long as he is willing to treat with his heart, if there is really any bad result......"
雷木冷眼看着他，那模样似乎摆明了，只要有半点不如意，他就会带他弟离开。
Lei Mu looked at him coldly, and his appearance seemed to be clear, as long as there was the slightest disappointment, he would take his brother away.
管事额头冷汗冒出，如果波老真的出事，他们这些人都要完蛋，他真的说不出不用王叶承担后果的话。但说了，王叶又会跑掉，波老就要被截肢，甚至更糟糕。
Cold sweat broke out on the steward's forehead, if something really happened to Bo Lao, all of them would be finished, and he really couldn't say that he didn't have to bear the consequences for Wang Ye. But having said that, Wang Ye will run away again, and Bo Lao will be amputated, or even worse.
王叶看他那模样，为了五百万，不对，为了五百金币和一枚魔晶，他给出了一点点保证：“如果我发现不行，还可以选择立刻截肢，至少不会让他情况比现在更糟。”
Wang Ye looked at him like that, for five million, no, for five hundred gold coins and a magic crystal, he gave a little guarantee: "If I find that it doesn't work, I can also choose to amputate my leg immediately, at least it won't make him worse than now." ”
你早说啊！管事大喘气，抹抹额头的冷汗：“那就好。那就请小兄弟开始治疗吧。”
You said it earlier! The steward gasped and wiped the cold sweat from his forehead: "That's good." Then ask the little brother to start the treatment. ”
“不急，在我动手前，我还需要你们准备一些东西。另外，我饿了，没力气，弄点吃的给我们。你们找我的时候我正要吃饭。”
"Don't worry, I still need some things from you before I do it. Also, I'm hungry and don't have the strength, so I'll get us something to eat. I was about to eat when you came to me. ”
管事全都一口答应。 The stewards all agreed.
第46章 秘术、请柬 Chapter 46: Secret Arts, Invitations
王叶也没客气地把他需要的东西全都报了出来，包括一些药草。这些东西对于别人，仓促中收集会很难，但对于有钱有人的黎家人，那就不是事。
Wang Ye also unceremoniously reported all the things he needed, including some medicinal herbs. For others, it will be difficult to collect these things in a hurry, but for the rich and talented Li family, it is not a matter.
王叶报的东西多少夹杂了一些私货，大家对这种事都心知肚明，也没人会借此挑刺。
Wang Yebao's things are somewhat mixed with some private goods, everyone knows this kind of thing, and no one will take advantage of this to provoke thorns.
岩药师此时应该离开，但没人让他走，他也主动跟小孩说：“我可以留下帮忙，放心，不会分你的诊金。”
The pharmacist should have left at this time, but no one let him go, and he also took the initiative to say to the child: "I can stay and help, don't worry, I won't share your consultation fee." ”
王叶歪头道：“岩伯伯，你是想偷师吗？” Wang Ye tilted his head and said, "Uncle Yan, are you trying to steal the teacher?" ”
岩药师大笑，索性承认：“是啊，我太好奇了，很想看看你要怎么妙手回春。两张上等舱船票，如何？”
The Rock Medicine Master laughed and simply admitted, "Yes, I'm too curious, and I really want to see how you can rejuvenate yourself." How about two upper class tickets? ”
王叶仰头看雷木：“哥？” Wang Ye looked up at Lei Mu: "Brother? ”
雷木看向岩药师，目光刺人，过了一会儿才说道：“可以。”
Lei Mu looked at the rock medicine master, his eyes piercing, and after a while, he said, "Yes." ”
岩药师暗中抹汗，心想这人的煞气好重。怎么刚才就没感觉出来？
The Rock Medicine Master secretly wiped his sweat, thinking that this person's evil spirit was so heavy. Why didn't you feel it just now?
黎家人果然很有能力，哪怕是匆忙中，也把王叶要求的刀、钩、夹、针……等物准备妥当。
The Li family is really capable, even in a hurry, they can take the knife, hook, clip, and needle that Wang Ye requested...... and so on.
王叶让船舱中不相干的人全部出去，管事坚持要求留下，王叶同意了，但严厉要求他不准接近，还必须先洗澡更衣，用干净的布裹住头发。
Wang Ye asked all the irrelevant people in the cabin to go out, and the steward insisted on staying, and Wang Ye agreed, but strictly demanded that he should not be allowed to approach, and that he must first take a bath and change his clothes, and wrap his hair in a clean cloth.
岩药师同样被要求如此。 The same is required of the rock pharmacist.
岩药师并没有感到被冒犯，他太想看王叶要怎么施救，就按照他说的做了，还做的一丝不苟。
The Rock Medicine Master didn't feel offended, he wanted to see how Wang Ye could save him, so he did as he said, and he did it meticulously.
吃饱喝足的王叶和雷木两人也在船上洗了个舒服的热水澡，换上了黎家人给准备的干净衣裤。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu, who were well-fed and drunk, also took a comfortable hot bath on the boat and changed into clean clothes and pants prepared by the Li family.
打灯，照亮整个床铺，确保不会留下死角阴影。 Turn on the light to illuminate the entire bed and make sure there are no shadows left behind.
老人躺的床铺也被换上了新的干净铺盖，包括老人身体都略微擦洗了一遍。
The bed on which the old man was lying was also replaced with a new clean cover, including the old man's body was slightly scrubbed.
一切准备就绪。 Everything is ready to go.
王叶拿出了一小瓶药泥精华。 Wang Ye took out a small bottle of medicinal clay essence.
现在他用的这批小瓶子都是海沟村人在火窑里烧制出来的，累积做了三百个小瓶子，最后只烧制成功八十多个。
The batch of small bottles he uses now are all fired by the people of Haigou Village in the kiln, and a total of 300 small bottles have been made, and in the end only more than 80 have been successfully fired.
难看、粗劣，但能用。 It's ugly, it's shoddy, but it works.
拔掉木头瓶塞时，岩药师立刻看了过来。 When the wooden bottle was uncorked, the rock medicine master immediately looked over.
药泥精华无色无味。 The essence of the medicinal mud is colorless and odorless.
王叶示意雷木捏开老人的嘴巴，小瓶子微微倾斜，只滴了两滴就迅速收起来。
Wang Ye motioned for Lei Mu to pinch the old man's mouth open, the small bottle was slightly tilted, and he quickly put it away after only two drops.
岩药师眼中满是惊奇，他虽然不知道小瓶子中装的是什么，但必定是非常宝贵的药物无疑了。
The Rock Medicine Master's eyes were full of surprise, although he didn't know what was in the vial, it must be a very valuable medicine.
因为老人脸孔原本是难看的酱紫色，可现在却变成了微微发紫，效果奇佳。
Because the old man's face was originally an ugly purple sauce, but now it has turned slightly purple, and the effect is wonderful.
管事也是识货的，而且他们黎家就是做生意的，其中就有药草一行，他很清楚这样的宝药如果拿到拍卖场上，一滴都是天价，单单小孩给波老喝下的两滴药液，这五百金币花得就不亏。
The steward is also knowledgeable, and their Li family is in business, including a line of medicinal herbs, he knows very well that if such a treasure medicine is brought to the auction house, a drop is sky-high, just the two drops of medicine that the child gave to Bo Lao to drink, the five hundred gold coins will not be spent.
王叶跟岩药师解释，也是跟管事的解说道：“这是我师父给我的宝药，可以用来维持生机，保持生机不绝。服下这药，这老人就能坚持完全部的治疗过程。”
Wang Ye explained to the Rock Medicine Master, and also to the steward's explanation: "This is the treasure medicine that my master gave me, which can be used to maintain vitality and keep it alive. By taking this medicine, the old man will be able to continue the entire treatment process. ”
管事对这宝药十分心动，但此事当然不是谋夺宝药的时机，就保持了沉默。
The steward was very impressed by this treasure medicine, but of course this matter was not the time to seek the treasure medicine, so he remained silent.
王叶又拿起他让黎家人准备的细针，一根接一根扎入老人体内。这是为了止血和止痛。
Wang Ye picked up the thin needles he had asked the Li family to prepare, and pierced them into the old man's body one by one. This is to stop bleeding and relieve pain.
“针灸术。”岩药师轻声惊呼，眼中异彩闪烁。怪不得这小孩说敢治，原来他竟然掌握了这么一手绝术。
"Acupuncture." The Rock Medicine Master exclaimed softly, his eyes flashing with brilliance. No wonder this kid said that he dared to cure, it turned out that he had mastered such a mastery.
针灸术威名很大，但敢说自己掌握了这门秘术的药师可没几个，而且无一不是大药师以上的药师。
Acupuncture and moxibustion are very famous, but there are not many pharmacists who dare to say that they have mastered this secret art, and all of them are pharmacists above the great pharmacist.
药师等级分为九级，前三级为初、中、高级药师，中三级为大药师、药师导师、药师教授，后三级则是药帅、药王、药圣。
The pharmacist level is divided into nine levels, the first three are primary, intermediate and senior pharmacists, the middle three are great pharmacists, pharmacist tutors, and pharmacist professors, and the last three are medicine commanders, medicine kings, and medicine saints.
岩药师目前只是中级药师，他怀疑王叶的师父很可能是大药师甚至是药师导师以上。
The Rock Pharmacist was currently only an intermediate pharmacist, and he suspected that Wang Ye's master was likely to be a great pharmacist or even a pharmacist mentor or above.
管事心中也无比震惊，他原本还想着事后要怎么跟王叶多弄点那宝药，可现在他却收了心思。一个掌握了针灸秘术的小孩，他师父会是普通人吗？
The steward was also extremely shocked in his heart, he was originally thinking about how to get more of that treasure medicine with Wang Ye afterwards, but now he put his mind away. A child who has mastered the secret art of acupuncture, will his master be an ordinary person?
不但如此，他现在觉得那一枚魔晶给的也值得了。不说治疗效果，能亲眼看到有人施展针灸术，就值这个价。
Not only that, but he now felt that the magic crystal was worth it. Not to mention the therapeutic effect, it is worth the price to be able to see someone perform acupuncture with your own eyes.
管事记下王叶此人，决定回去后就把这小孩的事上报。如有可能，再让人查查看他师父是谁，能笼络就笼络，千万不能得罪咯。
The steward took note of Wang Ye and decided to report the matter of the child after he returned. If possible, let someone check who his master is, and if he can, he can be enveloped, and he must not be offended.
雷木担心地看向王叶。 Lei Mu looked at Wang Ye worriedly.
王叶神情凝重，并不轻松。 Wang Ye's expression was solemn, not easy.
他重生后还是第一次施展针灸术，这里的针灸术和地球华夏的针灸术有很多类似之处，包括经脉穴位以及能量运用。
It was the first time he had practiced acupuncture since his rebirth, and there were many similarities between acupuncture and acupuncture in Earth, including meridian acupuncture points and the use of energy.
这也是王叶在初期认定这就是个游戏世界的缘故，因为这个世界有太多和地球类似的东西。
This is also the reason why Wang Ye decided that this was a game world at the beginning, because there are too many things similar to the earth in this world.
上辈子到后期，他一心提高武力值方面，药学和针灸术之类的知识和能力就有点丢下。
In the later stages of his previous life, he was focused on improving his martial arts value, and his knowledge and abilities such as pharmacy and acupuncture were a little lost.
不过好在丢得不久，为了糊弄他师父，他也没敢真的全丢，手感和知识都还在，现在捏住针，那感觉就来了。
But fortunately, it was not long after it was lost, in order to fool his master, he didn't dare to really lose it all, the feel and knowledge are still there, and now he pinches the needle, and the feeling comes.
扎哪里、扎多深，能量如何运行，一切都自然而然记忆起来。
Where it was rooted, how deep it was rooted, how the energy worked, everything naturally remembered.
而他这模样也很符合学徒的特点，那就是慎重和小心翼翼。如果他表现得特别行云流水，那就不是让人惊讶，而是让人惊吓了。
And his appearance is also very in line with the characteristics of an apprentice, that is, prudence and caution. If he behaves particularly smoothly, it is not surprising, but frightening.
雷木在王叶停顿的时候，拿出布巾给他擦了擦汗。 When Wang Ye paused, Lei Mu took out a cloth towel and wiped his sweat.
王叶抬头对他傻傻一笑。 Wang Ye raised his head and smiled smirkly at him.
“接下来场面会有些血腥，如果坚持不住，请立刻出去，不要出声打扰我，否则后果自负。”王叶板起小脸蛋。
"The next scene will be a little bloody, if you can't hold on, please go out immediately, don't disturb me, otherwise you will bear the consequences." Wang Ye made a small face.
管事明白这话是对他说的，点头保证不会打扰到他。 The steward understood that this was said to him, and nodded his head to promise not to disturb him.
但数分钟后，管事就后悔了。 But after a few minutes, the steward regretted it.
他也刑求过别人，也看过非常残忍的刑求场面，但可能心境不一样，或者躺在那儿被剖开的人是他关心的人，管事看到一半就脚软得不得不扶住墙壁。
He has also tortured others, and he has seen very cruel torture scenes, but maybe he is in a different state of mind, or the person lying there and being dissected is someone he cares about, and the steward is so weak that he has to hold on to the wall when he sees half of it.
这一场手术耗时很长，房间里点的幸亏是魔法灯，光源一直很稳定，没有任何变化。
The operation took a long time, and the room was lit thanks to a magic lamp, and the light source was stable without any changes.
当看到王叶把几段处理过的柳枝分别填在缺骨处时，岩药师最震惊的不再是针灸术，他很想拦住王叶，追问他为什么要放柳枝，以后又要怎么取出来。
When he saw Wang Ye fill in several processed willow branches in the missing bones, the most shocking thing for the rock pharmacist was no longer acupuncture, he wanted to stop Wang Ye and ask him why he wanted to put the willow branches and how to take them out in the future.
但看到王叶那慎重和不容打扰的表情，岩药师硬忍住了，只用心看、用心记。
But seeing Wang Ye's cautious and undisturbed expression, the rock pharmacist couldn't help it, and only watched and remembered it with his heart.
他觉得今天这场陪护，就是他的机缘。 He felt that today's escort was his chance.
处理坏死神经和修补断掉以及破损的血管，才是这场手术的最大难关。
Dealing with necrotic nerves and repairing severed and broken blood vessels is the biggest difficulty of this surgery.
王叶开了一秒小差，心想他这辈子也许可以去考医学院，不管是西医还是华医，他应该都能有所成就。
Wang Ye deserted for a second, thinking that he might be able to go to medical school in his life, whether it was Western medicine or Chinese medicine, he should be able to achieve something.
上辈子，他以为药师不就是配药和制药吗，结果他说出这个看法后，差点被他师父给罚死。
In his previous life, he thought that pharmacists were not just dispensing and making medicines, but after he said this, he was almost punished to death by his master.
他师父给他的惩罚是真的很让当初的他想要去死一死，竟然让他去乱葬岗挖尸体，还要把每具尸体都从头到脚剖开，且要当着他老人家的面，把各种器官的名称和健康与否一一告诉他。
The punishment given to him by his master really made him want to die at the beginning, and even asked him to go to the mass grave to dig up the corpses, and to cut each corpse from head to toe, and to tell him the names of various organs and their health in front of his old man.
搞完了，还得把尸体好好地填塞和缝合上，再给人家埋回去。
After finishing it, the corpse had to be properly stuffed and stitched up, and then buried back for others.
等到后来，惩罚升级，不但要说出名称，还要说出死因和治疗方法。
Later, the punishment escalated, and not only the name but also the cause of death and the treatment were given.
正常尸体还好，有些尸体因为各种原因烂得不成样子，他那时几乎天天吐，在吐啊吐的过程中，逐渐就习惯了那些尸体的极端臭味和恶心程度。
Normal corpses were fine, some corpses were rotten for various reasons, he vomited almost every day, and in the process of vomiting and vomiting, he gradually got used to the extreme smell and disgusting degree of those corpses.
他有时甚至会忍不住想，他遇到那么多事，却没有变成变态杀人犯，大概就是因为他有个更变态的师父，让他经历了太多常人无法忍受的试炼，导致他的眼光抬高了，普通的打打杀杀和变态犯罪行为已经无法满足他。
Sometimes he can't help but think that he has encountered so many things, but he has not become a perverted murderer, probably because he has a more perverted master, which has made him go through too many trials that ordinary people can't bear, causing his vision to be raised, and ordinary beating, killing, and perverted crimes can no longer satisfy him.
雷木一直在配合王叶。 Lei Mu has been cooperating with Wang Ye.
一开始因为他不懂，还需要王叶提醒。 At first, because he didn't understand, he still needed Wang Ye's reminder.
但到后来，王叶刚一抬手，他就知道他需要什么，总是非常准确地把他需要的东西送到他手里。
But later, as soon as Wang Yegang raised his hand, he knew what he needed, and always delivered what he needed to him very accurately.
王叶额头的汗水也总是在还没有影响到他的视线前就被擦去。
The sweat on Wang Ye's forehead was always wiped away before it affected his vision.
最后一步缝合完成。 The last step of stitching is complete.
王叶身体吃不消了。 Wang Ye's body couldn't bear it.
休息了一会儿，喝了一点淡盐开水，又把那枚魔晶吸收掉，王叶这才让雷木把药泥拿出来。
After resting for a while, drinking a little lightly salted boiling water, and absorbing the magic crystal, Wang Ye asked Lei Mu to take out the medicinal mud.
看到雷木凭空拿出一桶药泥和一桶白色的粉末，以及粗纱布等。不管是岩药师还是黎家管事都没有太惊讶，王叶的表现让他们已经认定他的师父至少是大药师以上的存在。
I saw Lei Mu take out a bucket of medicinal mud and a bucket of white powder out of thin air, as well as coarse gauze and so on. Neither the Yan Medicine Master nor the Li Family Steward was too surprised, Wang Ye's performance made them already believe that his master was at least an existence above the Great Medicine Master.
而这样的存在给弟子的守护者配上储物空间，那不是很正常的事吗？
And isn't it normal for such an existence to equip the guardians of the disciples with storage space?
王叶当着岩药师和管事的面调配和制作药泥石膏绷带，再现场给患者用上。
Wang Ye prepared and made medicated mud plaster bandages in front of the rock pharmacist and the steward, and then used them on the spot for the patients.
岩药师和管事的目光自然而然被药泥和石膏吸引，但他们都没多问。
The eyes of the rock medicine master and the steward were naturally attracted by the medicine mud and plaster, but they didn't ask much.
如果王叶表现得不是这么特异，让他们怀疑他身后有个非常厉害的师父，不说岩药师，黎家管事现在肯定已经开始打这些东西的主意。
If Wang Ye didn't behave so peculiarly, let them suspect that there was a very powerful master behind him, not to mention the rock medicine master, the Li family steward would definitely have started the idea of fighting these things now.
“好了，接下来就是等他自己醒来，醒来后让他不要乱动，他年纪比较大，恢复能力不如年轻人好，一般人需要七天，他可能需要半个月左右才能拆掉固定的石膏。另外，不要给他乱进补，如果需要养身的药，最好找岩药师问一问，或者找我也行。”
"Okay, the next thing is to wait for him to wake up by himself, and let him not move when he wakes up, he is older, and his recovery ability is not as good as that of a young man, it takes seven days for an average person, and it may take him about half a month to remove the fixed plaster. In addition, don't give him a tonic, if you need medicine to nourish your body, it's best to ask a rock pharmacist, or find me. ”
岩药师感觉到王叶的善意，对小孩笑笑。 Sensing Wang Ye's kindness, the Rock Medicine Master smiled at the child.
王叶伸了个懒腰，往雷木身上一趴：“哥，好困。” Wang Ye stretched his waist and leaned on Lei Mu: "Brother, I'm so sleepy." ”
雷木顺势把他背了起来，托着他说：“睡吧。” Lei Mu took advantage of the situation to pick him up, supported him and said, "Sleep." ”
王叶真的眼睛一闭，搂着雷木的脖子就睡着了。 As soon as Wang Yezhen's eyes closed, he fell asleep with his arms around Lei Mu's neck.
原本还想跟小孩套话的管事这下什么都施展不开了，人小孩都睡着了，他还怎么问，更不能拉着不让人走。
The steward, who originally wanted to talk to the child, couldn't do anything now, and the children were asleep, so how could he ask, let alone pull and not let people go.
管事倒是很想把两人留在船上，等波老情况稳定下来后再让他们离开。
The steward was keen to leave the two on the ship and let them leave when his condition had stabilized.
但雷木释放出了煞气，管事屁都没敢放一个，立即恭恭敬敬亲自送人下船。
But Lei Mu released his evil qi, and the steward didn't dare to let go of any of them, and immediately respectfully sent people off the ship in person.
现在管事和岩药师都非常确定，这个小孩和他的守护者都是异术师。
Now the steward and the apothecary were very sure that the kid and his guardian were magicians.
“小叶子的哥哥，请稍等。”岩药师追上来，从怀里掏出刚刚让人送来的一张请柬，递给他。
"Brother Xiaoyezi, please wait." The Rock Medicine Master caught up, took out an invitation from his bosom, and handed it to him.
“这是明天晚上交易会内部举行的拍卖会，如果你们有兴趣可以来看看。当然，如果你们有什么想要拍卖的，也可以凭借这张请柬去找交易会的管事。凭借这张请柬，你们拍卖物品的手续费可以全部减半。”
"This is the auction that will be held inside the fair tomorrow night, so if you are interested, you can come and see it. Of course, if you have anything you want to auction, you can also use this invitation to find the manager of the fair. With this invitation, you can halve all the fees for your auction items. ”
雷木接过请柬，他对拍卖会不感兴趣，但说不定小叶子喜欢，就收了下来：“多谢。”
Lei Mu took the invitation, he was not interested in the auction, but maybe Xiao Yezi liked it, so he accepted it: "Thank you." ”
“没什么，今天应该是我说谢谢。可惜小叶子睡着了，否则我真的有很多问题想要请教他。你们在集市中有摊点对吧，就在一个叫做海沟村的棕榈屋旁边？”
"It's nothing, today should be my thank you. It's a pity that Xiao Yezi fell asleep, otherwise I really have a lot of questions I want to ask him. You have a stall in the bazaar, right, right next to a palm house called Trench Village? ”
“对。” "Yes."
岩药师表示了一定会去拜访王叶之心，这才恋恋不舍地目送雷木背着王叶离去。
The rock pharmacist said that he would definitely visit Wang Ye's heart, and then he reluctantly watched Lei Mu leave with Wang Ye on his back.
一股股能量涌入睡着的王叶体内。 Streams of energy poured into the sleeping Wang Ye's body.
他今天收获的因果之力很丰厚，不管是他帮人治疗胳膊腿，还是教训富奇器，每当他完成一个任务，就相当于了结一个因果。
The power of cause and effect he has gained today is very rich, whether it is he helping people treat their arms and legs, or teaching Fu Qi weapons, every time he completes a task, it is equivalent to ending a cause and effect.
【收因结果】自动吸收能量，一点点滋养这具身体。 【Result of Harvest】Automatically absorbs energy and nourishes the body little by little.
另外他吸收的那枚魔晶也转化为能量，在锤炼他的身体。
In addition, the magic crystal he absorbed was also converted into energy, tempering his body.
小小的孩子，身体就像一个无底洞，来多少能量都得不到满足。
As a small child, the body is like a bottomless pit, and no amount of energy can be satisfied.
忽然，雷木脚步一顿。 Suddenly, Lei Mu paused.
他身体中那股被封印的能量竟然在刚才像是要被唤醒了。
雷木皱了皱眉头，单手对准自己，默念口诀：“封！”再次加了一道封印。
Lei Mu frowned, pointed one hand at himself, and silently recited the mantra: "Seal!" "A seal was added again.
到家时，天已经黑透，但鲨鱼和船锚，包括几小都没睡，全都在等待他们。
By the time they got home, it was already dark, but the sharks and the anchors, including a few who hadn't slept, were waiting for them.
看到王叶趴在雷木背上，大家吓了一跳。 Seeing Wang Ye lying on Lei Mu's back, everyone was startled.
还好雷木立刻说王叶只是睡着了，大家才放心地笑起来。
Fortunately, Lei Mu immediately said that Wang Ye was just asleep, and everyone laughed with confidence.
见两人都安然无恙，船锚就挥手撵所有人都去睡觉。 Seeing that both of them were safe and sound, the anchor waved everyone to sleep.
雷木让船锚也赶紧去休息，船锚表示有话说。 Lei Mu asked the anchor to go to rest quickly, and the anchor said that he had something to say.
船锚跟着进了两人的房间，压低声音说道：“我就问个事，咳，那个……富奇器遭报应的事是不是和两位有关？这事已经传开了。”
The anchor followed into the room of the two, and said in a low voice, "I'll just ask something, cough, that...... Is the retribution of Fuqiqi related to the two of them? Word has spread. ”
“富奇器？”雷木一时没想起这个人是谁。 "Fuqi?" Reimu didn't remember who this person was for a moment.
船锚解释了对方的身份。 The anchor explained the identity of the other party.
雷木哦了一声。 Thunderwood sighed.
船锚心里急得跟猫抓一样：“我已经听船桨他们跟我说了，说你们带他们去看富奇器的……热闹。所以是不是你们……？”
The anchor was as anxious as a cat's scratch: "I have heard from the oars that they told me that you would take them to see the Fuqi Artifact...... Boisterous. So don't you ......? ”
雷木把睡着的小孩小心放到床上，给他盖上薄被，这才对船锚道：“天色不早了。”
Lei Mu carefully put the sleeping child on the bed, covered him with a thin quilt, and then said to the anchor: "It's not early. ”
船锚：“……那你们早点睡，放心，我已经叮嘱过他们，绝不会让他们乱说。”
Anchor: "...... Then go to bed early, rest assured, I have told them that they will never let them talk nonsense. ”
雷木不承认也不否认，把船锚送出屋，关门睡觉。 Remu did not admit or deny it, sent the anchor out of the house, closed the door and went to sleep.
第47章 互学 Chapter 47: Learning from each other
次日，王叶和六小慢悠悠地散步到集市上，就见岩药师竟然已经等在海沟村摊点前。
The next day, Wang Ye and Liuxiao walked slowly to the market, and saw that the rock medicine master was already waiting in front of the stall in Haigou Village.
“早，不知道你们有没有用早餐，我给你们带了船上大厨做的特色早点。”
"Morning, I don't know if you have breakfast, I brought you a special breakfast made by the chef on the ship."
王叶已经吃过，但岩药师的好意，他们也不可能就这么浪费，王叶是个小吃货，走了一段路觉得还能再塞下一点。
Wang Ye has already eaten it, but with the kindness of the rock medicine master, they can't just waste it, Wang Ye is a snack goods, and after walking for a while, he feels that he can stuff a little more.
双方就在席子上坐下，岩药师带来的随从把食盒打开，把里面的早餐拿出来摆满了大半张席子。
The two sides sat down on the mat, and the attendant brought by the rock medicine master opened the food box, took out the breakfast inside, and filled most of the mat.
这份量何止是给两个人吃，就是给十个人吃也足够。 This amount is enough for two people, even for ten people.
岩药师十分会做人，又招呼海沟村人一起吃。 The rock pharmacist is very good at being a man, and he beckoned the people of Haigou Village to eat together.
村长忙道谢，他不知道对方是谁，但能看出对方是个大人物，对于这种大人物，村长以往都是敬而远之，这次也同样。
The village chief hurriedly thanked him, he didn't know who the other party was, but he could see that the other party was a big man, for this kind of big man, the village chief used to stay away, and this time it was the same.
最后还是王叶说他们用不了这么多，就每样留了一部分，其他都分了。
In the end, Wang Ye said that they didn't need so much, so they kept a part of each and divided the rest.
在自家摊点前吃早餐的人很多，出来摆摊的人很少会在意这点，但讲究身份的人绝不会在集市中席地而坐还集体分餐。
There are many people who eat breakfast in front of their stalls, and people who come out to set up stalls rarely pay attention to this, but people who are particular about status will never sit on the floor in the market and share meals together.
岩药师却做得自然，他常年跟随海船到处跑，每天打交道最多的就是船员水手，早就习惯这样的粗放生活。如果讲究身份，他就不会答应侄子做随船药师。
The rock medicine master did it naturally, he followed the sea ships all the year round, and the most people he dealt with every day were the crew and sailors, and he had long been accustomed to such a rough life. If he was particular about his identity, he would not have agreed to his nephew to be a ship-accompanying pharmacist.
“昨晚你用那柳枝，我可以明白是代替骨骼，可是这东西真的能代替骨骼吗？以后骨头长好是否还需要取出？”岩药师见气氛上佳，忍不住就提出了他最想知道的问题。
"You used that willow branch last night, I can understand that it is a substitute for bones, but can this thing really replace bones? Do I need to remove the bones after they have grown? Seeing that the atmosphere was good, the Rock Medicine Master couldn't help but ask the question he wanted to know the most.
王叶昨天当着岩药师的面使用这个手法，就没有隐瞒的意思，何况他还收到了任务提示，如果能为岩药师解惑，他将获得100点经验值。
Wang Ye used this technique in front of the rock medicine master yesterday, and he had no intention of concealing it, not to mention that he also received a task prompt, if he could solve the rock medicine master's doubts, he would get 100 experience points.
“柳枝可以替代骨骼，不过使用前需要先处理，首先把合适的柳枝削制成缺失的骨头形状，柳枝中间一定要钻通形成骨腔，之后要把表皮剥掉，保存枝条上的黏液，再在与断骨相接的两头涂抹上新鲜的血液。如此，替代缺失骨的柳枝会慢慢与上下骨骼长在一起，最后柳枝会钙化，也就是骨骼化，变得就跟真骨头一样，当然也就不需要取出。”王叶简单说明道。
"Willow branches can replace bones, but they need to be treated before use, first cut the suitable willow branches into the shape of the missing bones, the middle of the willow branches must be drilled through to form a bone cavity, and then the epidermis must be peeled off, the mucus on the branches should be preserved, and then the two ends of the broken bones should be smeared with fresh blood. In this way, the willow branch that replaces the missing bone will slowly grow together with the upper and lower bones, and finally the willow branch will calcify, that is, skeletalize, and become like real bone, and of course there is no need to remove it. Wang Ye explained simply.
岩药师又问柳枝为何会骨头化，其他树枝是否也有这个功效。
The apothecary then asked why the willow branches were ossone, and whether other branches had this effect.
王叶一一作答，“柳枝的内部构造与我们人体的骨小梁十分相似，可以引导骨小梁生长，而骨小梁则是让骨骼生长和恢复的重要构成，起造血作用。不止是柳枝，其他类似植物的枝条也可尝试。”
Wang Ye replied one by one, "The internal structure of willow branches is very similar to the trabecular bone in our human body, which can guide the growth of the trabecular bone, and the trabecular bone is an important component for the growth and recovery of the bone, which plays a hematopoietic role. Not only willow branches, but also branches of other similar plants can also be tried. ”
岩药师没想到小孩会说得这么清楚明了，连柳枝的处理方法都直接告诉他，这让他顿时有点不知所措。
The rock medicine master didn't expect the child to speak so clearly and clearly, and even told him directly how to deal with the willow branches, which made him a little overwhelmed for a moment.
他是抱着偷师之心而来，但对方真的这么不求任何回报的就把师门秘技传授给他，他又觉得这孩子也太没心眼，并心存愧疚。
He came with the intention of stealing the teacher, but the other party really taught him the secret skills of the master without asking for anything in return, and he felt that this child was too heartless, and felt guilty.
岩药师非常想要回报王叶，一时又想不出用什么方法回报。说教导人家学习药草学，说不定人小孩懂得比他还多。说指点秘技，他也不知道自己有什么秘技可以传授。
The rock medicine master wanted to repay Wang Ye very much, but he couldn't think of any way to repay it for a while. said that teaching others to learn herbs, maybe people and children know more than him. Speaking of instructing secret skills, he didn't know what secret skills he could teach.
给钱吧，又太俗！ Give money, it's too vulgar!
如果王叶知道岩药师的想法，他一定会说：给钱好啊，我不嫌俗气，越俗气越好。
If Wang Ye knew what the rock pharmacist thought, he would definitely say: It's good to give money, I'm not too cheesy, the more cheesy, the better.
可王叶不知道，也就错过了一个发大财的机会，但他也没吃亏，因为岩药师在和他继续讨论骨伤治疗中，出于一种补偿心理，对于某些需要含糊的地方没有半点含糊，把自己许多治病经验告诉了王叶。
But Wang Ye didn't know, so he missed an opportunity to make a fortune, but he didn't suffer a loss, because when the rock pharmacist continued to discuss the treatment of bone injuries with him, out of a compensatory mentality, he didn't have the slightest ambiguity about some things that needed to be ambiguous, and told Wang Ye a lot of his treatment experience.
王叶如果是个刚入门的药师学徒，这些话对于他来说会过于高深，只能记下当做知识点。但王叶真实实力则是比岩药师更高一级的高级药师，岩药师说的话，对于他来说很多就像是拨云见月，只略一说明他就知道要怎么做了。
If Wang Ye was a pharmacist apprentice who had just started, these words would be too advanced for him, and he could only write them down as knowledge points. But Wang Ye's true strength is a senior pharmacist who is one level higher than the rock pharmacist, and what the rock pharmacist said is like seeing the moon through the clouds to him, and he will know what to do with just a brief explanation.
其中岩药师说出最宝贵的一点知识经验就是关于他在遇到痛风病人时的救治方法。
Among them, the most valuable point of knowledge and experience of the rock pharmacist is about his treatment of gout patients.
痛风是一种非常折磨人的病，有些病人因为忍受不了这份痛苦，甚至会轻生。
Gout is a very torturous disease, and some patients may even commit suicide because they can't bear the pain.
“我发现一个食疗方子对痛风关节炎的病人特别适合，而且简单，只需要粳米、薏苡仁、木瓜按照相应配比煮熟，再滴入灵威鱼血，每天早起或入睡前食用一次，大约一个月后痛风症状就会大大缓解。”
"I found that a dietary prescription is particularly suitable for patients with gouty arthritis, and it is simple, only need japonica rice, coix seeds, and papaya to be cooked according to the corresponding ratio, and then drip into Lingwei fish blood, and eat it once a day before getting up in the morning or before going to bed, and the gout symptoms will be greatly relieved after about a month."
“灵威鱼血？”王叶还是第一次听说这种鱼。 "Lingwei fish blood?" It was the first time Wang Ye had heard of this fish.
岩药师笑道：“这是一种海鱼，黒峡岛附近的海域里有很多，是当地的主食鱼类之一。我也是无意间发现当地人用这种鱼血来治疗风湿病，经过多年研究才确定了一个最适合、也最能引出灵威鱼血药力的食疗方子。”
Iwayakushi smiled, "This is a marine fish, and there are many of them in the sea near Kurokyo Island, and it is one of the staple fish in the area. I also accidentally discovered that the locals use this fish blood to treat rheumatism, and after years of research, I determined a dietary formula that is most suitable and can best draw out the medicinal power of Lingwei fish blood. ”
岩药师还半点不隐藏的把详细配比也说了，精准到什么病情的病人应该服用多少量以及配方配比的变动。
The rock pharmacist also said the detailed ratio without concealment, accurate to the amount of patients with what condition should be taken and the change of formula ratio.
王叶接受了岩药师的好意。 Wang Ye accepted the kindness of the rock medicine master.
看，他师父说得没错，药草学这一行真的是学无止境，你以为自己知道得已经足够多，实际上任何人都可能给你带来新的知识。
See, his master is right, the profession of herbology is really endless, you think you know enough, in fact, anyone can bring you new knowledge.
两人越谈越深，说到后面全是详细的病理案例。 The more the two talked, the deeper they spoke, and the more detailed pathological cases followed.
岩药师只当王叶说出的这些病例都是他师父曾经遇到过的，不知道这些都是王叶上辈子的亲身经历。
The rock pharmacist only thought that Wang Ye said that these cases were all encountered by his master, and he didn't know that these were Wang Ye's personal experiences in his previous life.
两人聊得十分投机，彼此都觉得收获很大。 The two chatted very speculatively, and each felt that they had gained a lot.
得到允许旁听的六小也觉得大长见识，不过海蛋坐不住，往往过一会就会东张西望，其他五小年龄都比他大，也非常珍惜学习的机会，听得极为认真。
The six elementary schools who were allowed to sit in on the audit also felt that they had a lot of knowledge, but Hai Dan couldn't sit still, and often looked around after a while, and the other five elementary schools were older than him, and they also cherished the opportunity to learn very much, and listened very seriously.
王叶上辈子虽然也来过海岛，但生活时间不长，对当地人接触更少。而岩药师则常年奔波在海上，知道许多独到的海岛人和海上人才知道的配方与怪病。
Although Wang Ye had also been to the island in his previous life, he had not lived for a long time and had less contact with the locals. The rock medicine master has been running around the sea all year round, and knows many unique islanders and strange diseases that only people at sea know.
岩药师宛如闲聊，很多配方随口就说出来了，他虽然多少有顺便指点王叶的心思，但也不认为这么小的孩子能把这些配方都完整记下来。
The rock pharmacist was like a small talk, and many formulas were said casually, although he had the intention of pointing out Wang Ye by the way, but he didn't think that such a young child could memorize all these formulas completely.
实际上，王叶听后，全都一字不漏地记忆下来。 In fact, after Wang Ye heard it, he memorized it all word for word.
重生给他的最大好处，不止是让他带来上辈子的记忆，还有就是精神力的加成。
The biggest benefit of being reborn for him is not only the memories of his previous life, but also the bonus of mental power.
不说达到过目和过耳不忘的程度，但只要他用心想记，就一定能记下来。何况药草学他本来就有很好的基础，他背诵配方都已经成习惯，记起来自然更加轻松。
Not to mention to the extent that he has never forgotten it, but as long as he wants to remember it with his heart, he will definitely be able to write it down. What's more, he already has a good foundation in herbology, and he has become a habit of reciting recipes, so it is naturally easier to remember.
两人说得正开心，有人主动上门求医，不过不是求治骨伤，而是想治疗风湿性关节炎。
The two were talking happily, and some people took the initiative to seek medical treatment, but not for bone injuries, but for rheumatoid arthritis.
这种毛病在海岛村民身上很常见，不少常年出海的人到了中老年以后都会为这种病而苦。
This disease is very common among island villagers, and many people who go to sea all year round will suffer from this disease when they reach middle age and old age.
在海上讨生活的人老得快，其中很大原因就是风湿类疾病。
People who make a living at sea age quickly, and a large part of the reason is rheumatic diseases.
王叶正好想要验证海豆芽药泥对风湿的治疗效果，就以药泥为主药调制了一些药膏。
Wang Ye just wanted to verify the therapeutic effect of sea bean sprout paste on rheumatism, so he prepared some ointments with the paste as the main medicine.
岩药师自然也看到王叶拎出一通黑泥，配合其他药物调制药膏的过程。
The rock pharmacist naturally also saw the process of Wang Ye taking out a pass of black mud and mixing it with other medicines.
病人原本是冲着岩药师来的。 The patient originally came for the Rock Pharmacist.
正规的药师都需要到药师公会参加考核，考过哪一级别就能获得那个级别的徽章。
Regular pharmacists need to go to the Pharmacists Guild to participate in the assessment, and they can get the badge of that level if they pass the exam.
一般而言，药师为了增加病患的信任，也为了减少麻烦和提高待遇，都会把徽章戴在身上，岩药师作为随船药师，自然是徽章常年不离身。
Generally speaking, in order to increase the trust of patients, but also to reduce trouble and improve treatment, pharmacists will wear badges on their bodies.
这病人是个常年跑船的水手，还是个佣兵，他对各公会的徽章很熟悉，看到岩药师坐在那儿，就以为这是他的摊点。
The patient was a perennial sailor and mercenary, and he was familiar with the insignia of the guilds, and when he saw the rock medicine master sitting there, he thought it was his stall.
虽然惊讶一名中级药师竟然会屈尊降贵的在集市摆摊，但这水手也没多想，只当自己运气好，果断就过去求治了。
Although he was surprised that an intermediate pharmacist would condescend to set up a stall in the market, the sailor didn't think much about it, and just thought he was lucky, so he decisively went over to seek treatment.
谁想，问他问题和出手为他治疗的竟然不是那名中级药师，而是一个七八岁的孩子。
Who would have thought that it was not the intermediate pharmacist who asked him questions and treated him, but a seven or eight-year-old child.
水手初时以为小孩是中年药师的弟子，他也不觉得怠慢，反而觉得这样才正常。这位中级药师亲自在集市摆摊，显然是为了教导弟子。
At first, the sailor thought that the child was a disciple of a middle-aged pharmacist, and he did not feel lazy, but felt that this was normal. This mid-level pharmacist personally set up a stall in the bazaar, apparently to teach his disciples.
为此，小孩问他什么，他就回答什么，让贴上药膏就贴上药膏，配合得不得了。
For this reason, when the child asks him anything, he answers, and asks him to put the ointment on it, and it is very cooperative.
直到他听到那位中级药师询问小孩：“这药泥可是你师父独家配方？是否只要与骨头、关节有关的病情都可以使用？”
Until he heard the intermediate pharmacist ask the child, "This medicine clay is your master's exclusive formula?" Can it be used as long as it is related to bone and joint conditions? ”
王叶点头又摇头：“也要看具体情况。比如这位老哥，他的风湿性关节炎不是很严重，属于寒气入侵造成的关节疼痛，治愈的可能性很大。我用的药泥药性为温，想要最大程度地拔除这位老哥体内的寒气，需得加上活血通络作用的金炎草，以及……”
Wang Ye nodded and shook his head: "It also depends on the specific situation." For example, this old brother, his rheumatoid arthritis is not very serious, it belongs to the joint pain caused by the invasion of cold air, and there is a great possibility of cure. The medicinal clay I use is warm, and if I want to remove the cold qi in this old brother's body to the greatest extent, I need to add the golden flame grass that invigorates blood circulation and ......"
王叶一边和岩药师说话，一边用一种特殊手法按揉水手疼痛的关节。
Wang Ye was talking to the rock medicine master while rubbing the sore joints of the sailor with a special technique.
“感觉如何？”王叶问水手。 "How does it feel?" Wang Ye asked the sailor.
水手一愣：“啊，哦！感觉……很好。” The sailor was stunned: "Ah, oh! Feel...... Very good. ”
水手吃惊地看向自己的膝盖，还曲起、伸平来回动了动。早上还疼得让他不得不出门寻找药师的关节，此时竟然不是那么痛了，疼痛度几乎降到他不注意就感觉不到的程度。
The sailor looked at his knees in astonishment, and bent and stretched back and forth. In the morning, it hurt so much that he had to go out to find the pharmacist's joints, but at this time it didn't hurt so much, the pain almost dropped to the point that he couldn't feel it without paying attention.
这效果也太好了吧？ That's too good, isn't it?
帮助药泥激发药性的王叶很清楚效果如何，但为了把药泥卖个好价钱，他还是特地询问水手的上药感受。
Wang Ye, who helped the medicinal mud stimulate the medicinal properties, knew very well what the effect was, but in order to sell the medicinal mud at a good price, he still specially asked the sailor how he felt about the medicine.
水手站起来走了两步，扭身就激动地对王叶道：“你刚才说这种药膏五个银币一张？给我来……五张！”
The sailor stood up and walked two steps, turned around and said to Wang Ye excitedly: "You just said that this ointment is five silver coins a piece?" Bring it to me...... Five! ”
王叶不急不忙地解说：“你的病情不算很严重，如果你坚持使用我的药膏，只需要贴十张左右就能治愈。只不过以后你需要注意给身体保暖，尤其是下肢。否则任何病都有重来的可能。”
Wang Ye explained unhurriedly: "Your condition is not very serious, if you insist on using my ointment, you only need to apply about ten sheets to be cured." It's just that you need to pay attention to keeping your body warm in the future, especially the lower limbs. Otherwise, any disease may recur. ”
“真的能治愈？”水手还不太相信，又看向岩药师。 "Can it really be cured?" The sailor was still not convinced, and looked at the Iwayakushi again.
岩药师对此可不敢打包票，只能看向王叶。 The rock medicine master didn't dare to pack a ticket for this, so he could only look at Wang Ye.
王叶对他调制的药泥药膏信心十足，“十张十天，这个集市还有二十八天，我也会在这里待到集市结束，如果你觉得没有效果，随时可以来找我。”
Wang Ye was full of confidence in the mud ointment he had concocted, "Ten sheets and ten days, there are still twenty-eight days in this market, I will also stay here until the end of the market, if you feel that it has no effect, you can come to me at any time." ”
水手犹豫：“那我能不能先买五张，用得好再来买五张？”
The sailor hesitated: "Then can I buy five first, and then buy five if I use it well?" ”
五十银币的药物，对普通水手来说也算贵药了。 Fifty silver coins of medicine is considered expensive medicine for ordinary sailors.
“可以，不过我这药没有带多少，卖完了就没。你五天后再来找我，我不确定我是否还有这种药膏。”
"Yes, but I didn't have much of this medicine with me, and I didn't sell it out. You come back to me in five days, I'm not sure if I still have this ointment. ”
王叶说的是实话，但听在水手耳朵里就跟常见的野药师骗子一样，就想要赶紧拿到钱。
Wang Ye was telling the truth, but in the ears of the sailors, it was like a common wild medicine scammer, and he wanted to get the money quickly.
岩药师见水手迟疑不决的样子，摇摇头。他虽然不敢打包票，但他亲眼见过药泥的效果，就对水手多了一句嘴：“这位小兄弟没有说谎，他的药泥很宝贵，我这次过来就是想跟他购买一些。你要想买，最好趁早。”
Seeing the sailor's hesitation, the Iwayaka shook his head. Although he didn't dare to pack the ticket, he had seen the effect of the medicinal mud with his own eyes, so he said to the sailor: "This little brother is not lying, his medicinal mud is very precious, I just want to buy some with him this time." If you want to buy it, it's better to buy it early. ”
水手最终还是被药膏贴到关节上后的实际舒适感给“说服”了，当然，岩药师的药师徽章也起到了很大作用。
The sailor was eventually "convinced" by the actual comfort of the ointment applied to the joints, and of course, the Rock Apothecary's Pharmacist badge also played a big role.
水手走出没多远，刚拐弯就被人拦住。 The sailor had not gone far when he had just turned the corner when he was stopped.
“不用担心，我们头儿只是想知道你被治疗得怎么样。刚看你走路好像都有些困难，现在似乎好多了？”拦住水手的人目光落到水手的膝盖上。
"Don't worry, our boss just wants to know how you're being treated. It seemed like you had some difficulty walking at first, but now it seems to be much better? The gaze of the man who stopped the sailor fell on the sailor's knee.
水手左看右看，确定自己被包围得严实，就老老实实地回答：“是好多了。”
The sailor looked left and right, and made sure that he was well surrounded, so he honestly replied, "It's much better." ”
另一人对拦路人道：“看起来应该不是假托。连岩药师都找上门，也许……”
Another person said to the roadblocker: "It doesn't look like it's a pretense. Even the rock pharmacist came to the door, maybe ......"
“再看看吧。”拦路人挥手让水手离开。这鬼地方想找一个好药师太难了，偏偏他们头儿的骨伤不是普通骨伤，竟然没人能看出毛病，包括那位中级药师岩药师在内。
"Let's take a look." The roadblocker waved the sailor away. It's too difficult to find a good pharmacist in this hellish place, but the bone injury on their head is not an ordinary bone injury, and no one can see the problem, including the intermediate pharmacist Yan Pharmacist.
他们自己的药师学徒怀疑头儿是中毒，那就更不能随便找药师，如果消息泄露出去……
Their own pharmacist apprentice suspects that the leader is poisoned, so they can't just go to the pharmacist if the news leaks out......
水手买了十张药膏离开，之后就半天没有病患找上门。 The sailor bought ten ointments and left, and after that there was no sick man for half a day.
昨晚赚了一笔大钱的王叶也乐得没病患上门，正好让他有时间从岩药师那里多挖一点药学知识和治疗经验。
Wang Ye, who made a lot of money last night, was also happy that no patients came to the door, which just gave him time to dig up a little more pharmaceutical knowledge and treatment experience from the rock pharmacist.
而岩药师则对药泥充满兴趣，可他又担心问得太多，会涉及到王叶的师门秘方。
The rock pharmacist was full of interest in the medicinal mud, but he was worried that asking too many questions would involve Wang Ye's secret recipe.
王叶却巴不得岩药师多问一些药泥的事，有意无意透露了很多药泥的功效。
Wang Ye wished that the rock pharmacist would ask more about the medicinal mud, and intentionally or unintentionally revealed a lot of the effects of the medicinal mud.
他还现场调制了一副无色透明的药膏，说是给他木哥除疤用。
He also concocted a pair of colorless and transparent ointment on the spot, saying that it was used to remove his scars from Brother Mu.
说来也奇妙，原本黑乎乎的药泥经过调制后，竟然能变得透明无色，还自带一点点新鲜的海洋气息。
It is also strange to say that the originally black medicinal mud can become transparent and colorless after being concocted, and it also has a little fresh marine breath.
“这个我叫它除痕膏，不但可以用来祛除疤痕，对祛除脸上的痤疮瘢痕、油炸和火烧伤痕等，都有非常好的效果。”王叶炫耀。
"This is called a scar removal cream, which can not only be used to remove scars, but also has a very good effect on removing acne scars, fried and fire burns on the face." Wang Ye shows off.
“是吗。”岩药师心中一动，“如果你这除痕膏效果真的很好，我建议你可以放到今晚拍卖会上进行拍卖。据我所知，有位女船长正在寻找特效的除疤痕药物，但市面上能买到的相应药膏大多只能起个些微淡化的作用，想要完全修复疤痕基本不可能。”
"Yes." The rock medicine master's heart moved, "If the effect of this scar removal cream is really good, I suggest that you can put it for auction at tonight's auction." As far as I know, there is a female captain who is looking for a special scar removal drug, but most of the corresponding ointments available on the market can only have a slight lightening effect, and it is basically impossible to completely repair the scar. ”
“我的除痕膏可以啊。”王叶乐。
岩药师终于忍不住了：“我刚才听你话中意思，你这药泥难道不是你师父给你的配方？”
The Rock Medicine Master finally couldn't help it: "I just listened to what you said, isn't your medicinal mud the recipe that your master gave you?" ”
王叶就像个正常小孩子，一脸不知人心险恶的天真，说道：“我师父告诉我有这种药泥，但药泥是我自己找到的，是质量和药效都非常好的海豆芽泥，我发现很多，有好几个洞里装的都是。哎呀，师父说得没错，大难不死必有后福，我掉到海里还以为自己完蛋了，结果不但没死，还找到了好东西。”
Wang Ye was like a normal child, with a sinister naivety look on his face, and said: "My master told me that there is this kind of medicinal mud, but the medicinal mud was found by myself, it is a sea bean sprout paste with very good quality and medicinal effect, I found a lot, and there are several holes filled with them. Oh, Master is right, if you don't die in a great disaster, there will be a blessing, I fell into the sea and thought I was finished, but not only did I not die, but I also found something good. ”
岩药师心脏颤抖，吞咽口水道：“这么说你是在附近海岛发现的药泥？”
The Rock Medicine Master's heart trembled, and he swallowed his saliva and said, "So you said that you found the medicinal mud on a nearby island?" ”
王叶偏头，托起下巴，眼睛眨啊眨地看岩药师：“岩伯伯，你是不是想要这种药泥？”
Wang Ye tilted his head, held up his chin, and looked at Yan Yaoshi with blinking eyes: "Uncle Yan, do you want this kind of medicinal mud?" ”
岩药师苦笑，他当然想要。但他的人格和品性让他无法做出强取豪夺的事情。
The Iwakyo smiled bitterly, of course he wanted to. But his personality and character prevented him from doing things by force.
“如果你发现的药泥份量多，我想购买一些，越多越好，价钱好说。如果你需要魔晶，我也可以想办法兑换。”岩药师道。
"If you find a lot of puree, I want to buy some, the more the better, the price is good. If you need a magic crystal, I can find a way to exchange it. "Rock Medicine Master said.
王叶嗯嗯：“其实吧，那么多药泥我也用不完，我原本打算找拍卖行拍卖，今晚不是正好有个拍卖会吗？”
Wang Ye uh-huh: "Actually, I can't use up so much medicinal mud, I originally planned to find an auction house to auction, isn't there an auction tonight?" ”
岩药师一听药泥要上拍卖会，就有点头大了。正常都知道，好东西上了拍卖会，那价格就不是普通市价能买下来的，翻两番都正常。
As soon as the rock medicine master heard that the medicine mud was going to be auctioned, he was a little big. Normal everyone knows that when a good thing is auctioned, the price is not something that can be bought at an ordinary market price, and it is normal to quadruple.
可随后他就听到王叶说道：“不过我喜欢岩伯伯，如果岩伯伯想要，就按照今晚拍卖价的一半购买即可，买多少都可以哦。我还可以直接带你去药泥产地，你可以自己选。那里除了药泥，其他好药草也不少，比如外伤宝药紫珠叶。”
But then he heard Wang Ye say: "But I like Uncle Yan, if Uncle Yan wants, you can buy it at half of the auction price tonight, and you can buy as much as you want." I can also take you directly to the production area of the medicinal mud, you can choose by yourself. In addition to the medicinal mud, there are also many other good herbs, such as the traumatic medicine purple pearl leaf. ”
岩药师咕咚咽了口口水，举手承诺：“你放心，我绝不会把药泥产地的事说出去。”
The rock medicine master swallowed his saliva and raised his hand to promise: "Don't worry, I will never tell you about the origin of the medicinal mud." ”
第48章 教认字和勘破 Chapter 48 Teaching Literacy and Investigation
岩药师看向海沟岛人，以他的聪慧，自然能猜出王叶口中的药泥产地和紫珠叶发现地很可能就是这座海沟岛。
The rock medicine master looked at the people of Trench Island, and with his intelligence, he could naturally guess that the origin of the medicinal mud in Wang Ye's mouth and the place where the purple bead leaf was found were likely to be this Trench Island.
但就算他猜出来，他也不会去做什么，这是他的为人底线。
But even if he guesses, he won't do anything, this is his bottom line.
同样，王叶就因为岩药师是有底线的人，才会透露这些。如果岩药师不如他所想，搞出强夺的事，那也没什么。
今天一大早天没亮，雷木就和鲨鱼驾驶小船回去海沟岛，目的就是为了取药泥。
之前他们没有储物空间，药泥想带也带不了多少，现在有那么一个精灵空间在，不多装点，留着招贼吗？
尤其在章绘也知道那药泥洞的情况下。
中午，黎家管事派人来请王叶，说是要感谢他，请他吃中午饭，同时给病人复诊。
王叶很清楚对方请他复诊是一方面，最重要的应该是想从他这里得到他昨天使用的药泥精华。
王叶直接以他哥有事不在身边为理由，拒绝了黎家派来的护卫。他不怕黎家，但不想多事。
黎家护卫也没坚持，只是在听说那纹面男子不在王叶身边时，眼神闪了闪。
岩药师也是个大忙人，他很想继续留下和王叶谈论药草和病例，但船上有人来请他，说船上有客人生病，只能回去船上。
岩药师走时还拉住王叶的手臂，低声叮嘱他：“不要离开海沟村人，不要一个人单独行走，如果你哥晚上赶不回来，等我来接你去拍卖会。”
王叶道谢。
这时，某些自认是个人物的，也注意到了这个小小的、看起来像是海岛村民的男孩。
当然他们只是注意，并没有其他想法。
如果不是中级药师岩药师一大早跑到海沟村摊子去等人，又和王叶一起待了那么长时间，王叶就算救治了三个人，也不会立刻引起这些人物的注意。
不过此时，这些人都以为岩药师只是看中了王叶，想要收他为学徒。
直到下午，一则消息从岩药师的大船上传出：据说一名双腿粉碎性骨折、被岩药师判定必须锯腿保命的老头，被一个药师学徒成功救治，不但活命，似乎还两条腿都保住了。
这些人物才开始正视王叶，并猜测他背后的师父是谁。好些人都以为岩药师认识王叶的师父，而且王叶的师父一定比岩药师更厉害，至少也是大药师级别以上。
因为这样的推测，原本看王叶只是个小孩，对他有些想法的人，这时也都打消了不该有的主意，决定还是正常结交。有的人还打算对小孩卖个好，以图将来有机会认识那位未知的厉害药师。
比如上午拦住水手的一干人，他们就在商量让一个同伴冒充摔断腿，去请那名小药师学徒过来帮忙看看他们的头儿。
船上，黎家管事很生气，他并不想波老的事被传出去，连带的当然也不愿意帮王叶扬名，甚至他恨不得别人都不知道王叶的本事，他才好从王叶那里弄到好东西。
可谁想，那个跟乡下孩子一样的小男孩不但拒绝了他的邀请和复诊要求，没多久，他救下波老双腿的事就在船上传开。
“那个岩药师看来很看重那个小学徒。”黎家管事略微一想就知道消息是谁传出去的，就是目的他都能猜出一二。
“管事，那我们要不要……？”护卫做了一个抓的动作，“那个纹面男正好不在那小孩身边。”
“不，暂时别动他，先等波老情况彻底转好再说。要抓也要等到集会结束。”管事还有其他命令在身，暂时也不想旁生枝节。
虽然他非常想要得到小孩手中的宝药，更想要得到他的针灸术传承。
如果不是担心小孩身后有一个大药师级别以上的厉害药师存在……不，最主要的是管事人手带的不多，也不想引人注意，否则他真的敢干出直接掳人，再栽赃给海盗的事。
但等波老恢复，他这边的事情也安排妥当，等离开的时候，也不是不可以考虑顺手把小孩带走的事，反正这个集市每年都会有些人被拐卖。而集市结束，那么多人一起离开，谁能搞得清到底是谁把人带走了？
护卫意会，这就去安排了。
王叶正在考虑怎么教六小认字。
他刚刚看到海崖和船桨用少数的通用字搭配图画记录上午他和岩药师聊到的一些知识点，这才注意到六小的识字问题。
而且六小中只有海崖和船桨曾跟随船锚学习，能认一点字，但也只有百来个，其他人连一二三都不会写。
“会认字写字确实很重要，至少可以记录，留着以后复习。另外，我留下书本，你们也能照着学。”
“可村里除了船锚叔，其他人都不识字，就是船锚叔，他也是好不容易才学到一点，他会的都教我们了。”海崖抿紧嘴唇，他想请王叶教他认字，又不好意思开口。小叶子对他们已经够好了。
“二哥？”海蛋抱住他二哥的胳膊，他第一次知道原来文字这么重要，下次他二哥再教他写字，他再也不逃了。
“小叶子，你会写字对么？能不能教教我二哥，我二哥可聪明了。只要你肯教我二哥，你让我做什么都行。”海蛋蹲到王叶身边，乞求王叶。
海崖也露出了期盼的神情，大胆道：“小叶子师父，我、我想跟随你。”
船桨和另外三个孩子也露出期盼神情，但村长几次叮嘱他们，让他们要多听不要多说，尤其不准对王叶提要求。
“不用跟随，不过是教写字而已，小事。”王叶像是没听懂海崖的真实期盼，当即答应教他们认字，他要谋划囚犯岛那东西，势必还要在海沟村待一段时间，教他们药草的同时，再教他们认字也不妨碍什么。
海崖眼中迸发出强烈喜色，他心里其实更想拜师。少年心思多，总觉得拜了师父，王叶才会把压箱底的本事传给他。
“小叶子你真好！”海蛋一把抱住王叶。
“行了行了，你也给我好好学，所有人中就你最不认真。我跟你说我可是要考试的，考试不合格，以后就别过来听课了。”王叶恐吓海蛋。
海蛋吓住，拼命点头，发誓会好好听讲好好学习。
王叶看到另外四个的神情，对他们道：“放心，都教。”
船桨和三小少年大喜。他们能被村长选过来，都是非常懂事的孩子，虽然他们现在还不太清楚学会阅读和书写有多么重要，但他们非常清楚一点，那就是凡是海崖和海蛋要学的，他们最好也学会。
【任务发布：海沟村民海崖和海蛋兄弟俩恳求玩家隔壁小王教导他们认字习字。完成条件：教导六人书写，要求至少一人学会本世界通用字一千字。时限：隔壁小王离开海沟岛为止。每教会一人，根据完成度，奖励50点到100点经验值。请问隔壁小王是否接受这个任务？】
“接受。”王叶再次感激自己上辈子学了鉴定术，为了鉴定术不得不把游戏世界的通用字也给学会了，否则这会儿这个任务他就没法接。
纸张昂贵，王叶就让海沟村人制作了沙盒，教他们用树枝在沙盒中写字。他第一个教的就是教大家写自己的名字。
船桨跑到船锚身边，低声把王叶教他们认字的事告诉了父亲。
村长看海蛋跟他卖弄，用树枝在地上比划他的名字给他看，还没反应过来。
船锚听完女儿说话，猛地抬起头，那么一条壮汉眼圈竟然红了。
他从来没跟家人说过，他当年为了学认那一百多个字付出了多大代价，可他交付出绝大部分存款，还没学多少，就被妒忌他能跟随文书认字的船员阴谋陷害，船主认定他和海盗勾结，不听他的解释，硬把他从船上赶了下来，还把他辛苦存下来的财产全都搜刮走。
他那时想要反抗，可谁知竟被人暗中下毒，他不但没能反抗成功，反而因为身体虚弱无力被船主和船员毒打了一顿。
他原本不想这么屈辱地回来，可那船主还有其他人到处传他的坏话，他再想上其他船做事，都没有人要他，还有人打他。
船锚那时特别心灰意冷，也特别思念家人，终究决定不再继续闯荡，而是偷偷爬船，藏在一条要去海草岛的大船上，回到了家乡。
他没想到他花费那么多心思、付出那么大代价才学到一点的文字，他女儿竟然有机会免费学。
船锚一个跨步上前，一把抱起王叶。
王叶：“……”
“小叶子！”船锚高高举起王叶，哽咽了。
王叶：“……”有种你先放我下来！你以为你是我家木木吗？
村长也终于从船锚的反应中意识到发生了什么事，半老的男人激动得手都颤抖了：“认字？认字好啊，这是好事！小叶子，我们村何其有幸，让海神爷爷把你送了过来。”
王叶木着脸，戳船锚：“大叔，能把我先放下吗？”
船锚大叔哈哈大笑，又抛了抛王叶，这才把人放到地上。
王叶负手哼唧：“不用太感谢我，用你们的话说，都是海神爷爷的旨意。”
村长怎么可能不感激，他激动得都哭了，他已经不知道该怎么感谢王叶，如果可以，他都恨不得把海沟岛送给王叶，让王叶来当岛主。
可惜村长刚透露出请王叶当岛主的意思，王叶就摇头。
就是系统给他发布了当岛主的任务，他也没接受。
村长很失望，但他也明白像小叶子和雷木这样的人，不可能永远留在一个偏僻的小海岛上，他们需要更广阔的天地。
【玩家隔壁小王主动教导村人制作识字沙板，减少海沟村人教学投入，提高海沟村人文明建设程度，特此奖励经验值100点。】
【恭喜！因玩家隔壁小王主动教授海沟村人认字写字，大大提高海沟村人的文明建设程度，世界声望值200，海沟村人对玩家的好感度达到尊崇。】
【恭喜！玩家隔壁小王作为第一个新手村好感度达到尊崇的玩家，获得经验值奖励1000点。】
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到7136点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到四级。】
这可是一连串的惊喜。
紧接着，系统就问他：【作为第一个把好感度刷到尊崇的玩家，请问隔壁小王是否愿意全世界通报，普天同庆？】
王叶立马否决：“别，咱们的宗旨就是低调做人。”
虽然王叶很想低调做人，但游戏玩家排行榜却把他暴露了一半。
就在刚才王叶一跃成为《极度危险》游戏世界玩家等级排行榜第一位。
这个排行榜在其他游戏中没有任何用处，也没多少人看，可谁让《极度危险》的升级速度狂慢，很多人就是看这个榜单找心理平衡，看大家玩了两个多月，绝大多数人都还在一级徘徊，心里这才好受一些。
而个别能达到二级，还有三级的，那都快被人骂死（妒忌死）了。
原本还有两个三级并列，可就在刚才，其中一个三级突然一跃成为了游戏中唯一一个四级。
而这个玩家的游戏ID就叫隔壁小王。
隔壁小王这个名字借隔壁老王的风光，特别好记，如此，只要是看过这个排行榜的玩家就都记住了游戏中有这么一个牲口。
更有不少人打听隔壁小王是谁、长什么样、在哪个新手村，有人是想要抱大腿，有人想套麻袋，更多人想知道隔壁小王到底是怎么升级的，为什么这么快。
这时玩家们还不知道隔壁小王才进游戏一个星期，如果知道隔壁小王只花了一周时间就达到四级，他们恐怕就要集体怀疑全息游戏第一个挂逼出现了。
而王叶也就是在这时候，有所感知，打开因果卷瞅了瞅。
结果就看到一根细细的因果线从黎家管事身上黏到了他身上，再看因果牵连的缘由，竟然是想掳掠他。
而因果线能出现，就表示对方已经不止是在脑中想想，而是在具体计划并开始实施了。
王叶呵呵，抽空开始制作他的因果武器。
他原本还不想这么快对上黎家，海草岛跟他屁关系没有，这座岛屿是否覆灭，他也不关心。反正距离海草岛覆灭还有六年时间，他走的时候给这里的岛主打个招呼，就算是给他三个娃积德了。
谁想，黎家竟然先把主意打到他头上，他如果不好好回报一下黎家，岂不是浪费了他们特地结下的因果？
哎嘿嘿，持有这种“我知道你们在搞阴谋想害我，但你们不知道我已经知道”的buff，真的太爽了！
第49章 毒和干架
雷木在傍晚前赶了回来。
他把药泥洞里的药泥装走了一半，再多两桶。
他们行动之前已经问过村长和船锚的意思，他们听说两人可以把药泥送到拍卖会拍卖，自然没有不同意的，还非常期待能拍出高价来。
王叶只让雷木取了他们自己的一半，多出来的两桶就是帮村子拍卖的。
好东西之所以被称为好东西，不仅仅是因为它们具有某些特别效果，还因为它们数量少。
而想要在拍卖会上拍出高价的好东西，更是不能提供太多。
王叶把药泥放到拍卖会上拍卖，也是给药泥估个价，这样将来海沟村人出手药泥，也知道该要多少补偿。
同样，药泥足够珍贵和高价，才会让人更重视其。
王叶跟村长和船锚介绍了岩药师的情况，重点说明：“除了他人品比较不错，又是中级药师，对一些不怀好意的人有一定震慑性。还有就是他经常跑这条航线，每年都会跑一到两次，这就表示他能看顾到你们和海岛。而他又不是个喜欢竭泽而渔的人。如此，他是最有可能把药泥洞保护起来进行长期开发和保护的人。同样，为了岛上的紫珠叶等药草，他也不会随便破坏岛上环境。”
王叶一顿，又道：“你们和他熟悉了，还可以通过他到外面工作和学习，而他身后是一条大商船，只要他们肯停靠在你们岛，就会给你们带来许多便利和商机。以后你们就有了两条商路，一条是海草岛这边，一条就是岩药师这边。”
听完王叶分析，村长和船锚也觉得岩药师是个不错的人选，总比他们一开始想要找的海草岛岛主要好。
虽说富秀山人也不错，但比起一位身后有大商船的中级药师，他无论给出的价格和给予海沟岛的保护都不会比岩药师高。
更不要说海沟村人其实并不太想要把自己的命运和海草岛绑死，如果能多一条路那自然最好。
“说到富秀山，他现在被富奇器家人闹得焦头烂额。听说现在正带着人到处找富奇器曾经得罪过的人家询问，他们认为本岛人没有这样的能力，但他们又不敢轻易去问那些外来者，就先逮着附近的岛屿村落问。我看，要不了多久，就要问到我们这边来了。”说话的村长多少有些幸灾乐祸。
“他们那样问人能问出来才怪。”船锚不屑。
村长叹息：“富秀山人还是很厚道的，包括海草村大多数村民人都挺好，也就个别人，惹了事还一副要找人算账的模样，就算人想治也不愿帮他治了。”
“就是。我看富奇器变成那样就是报应。”船锚说这话时还偷瞄王叶。
王叶当没看见，他看到雷木了，当即蹦跳起来，兔子一样蹦了过去。
雷木见他就开玩笑道：“你现在所有财产都在我身上了。”
王叶扑到他身上，“是啊，你以后可不能离开爸爸~，否则爸爸就活不下去了~”
Wang Ye pounced on him, "Yes, you can't leave your father in the future~, otherwise your father won't be able to live~"
雷木捏捏他。 Remu pinched him.
鲨鱼对王叶点点头，走回棕榈屋。 The shark nodded to Wang Ye and walked back to the palm house.
“这人变得沉稳多了。”王叶小声道。 "This man has become much calmer." Wang Ye whispered.
雷木：“只要是有心的人，都会成长。” Lei Mu: "As long as you are a person with a heart, you will grow." ”
“咳，咳！这位小兄弟，请问你就是善治骨伤的那位药师学徒吗？”有人靠近两人，明知故问。
"Ahem, ahem! This little brother, are you the pharmacist apprentice who is good at treating bone injuries? Someone approached the two and asked knowingly.
两人一起转头，王叶指指自己的鼻子：“我就是。” The two turned their heads together, and Wang Ye pointed to his nose: "I am." ”
来人忙道：“我兄弟腿摔伤了，不好过来，能不能请这位小兄弟跑一趟？诊金好说。”
The person who came hurriedly said: "My brother broke his leg and it is not easy to come, can you ask this little brother to run?" The diagnosis is good. ”
王叶最喜欢这样的话，很爽快地一挥手：“那就过去看看。”
Wang Ye liked this the most, and waved his hand very happily: "Then go over and have a look." ”
来人没想到王叶竟然这么容易请，立刻在前面带路。 The person who came didn't expect Wang Ye to be so easy to invite, and immediately led the way in front.
王叶以为又要上船，结果发现对方竟然是住在海草村内，而且他们住的房子距离他们租住的那一栋并不远。
Wang Ye thought he was going to get on the boat again, but found out that the other party actually lived in Seagrass Village, and the house they lived in was not far from the one they rented.
到了地方，王叶也没有看到摔断腿的病人，反而看到一个表面十分健康，但总觉得骨头痛的精壮男子。
When he arrived at the place, Wang Ye did not see the patient who broke his leg, but saw a sturdy man who was very healthy on the surface, but always felt a bone headache.
王叶和雷木看到此人，脑中同时冒出一个词：战士。 When Wang Ye and Lei Mu saw this person, a word popped up in their minds at the same time: warrior.
这男子看起来并不算特别强壮，但他身上的战气不容忽视，普通人看不出来，两人却一靠近就感知到了。
This man doesn't look particularly strong, but the battle aura on his body can't be ignored, ordinary people can't see it, but the two of them can sense it as soon as they get closer.
“你的情况不太妙，战气开始外溢了。现在你恐怕不止是骨头疼，你还感觉到自己的战士等级在往下跌，对吗？”王叶一口道破。
"Your situation is not good, and the fighting spirit is starting to spill out. Now you're not just sore in the bones, you're also feeling your warrior level dropping, right? Wang Ye broke through.
男子双拳瞬间握紧，又慢慢松开。 The man's fists clenched instantly, and then slowly released.
屋内其他人全都吃惊又紧张地看向王叶两人。 The other people in the room all looked at Wang Ye and the others in surprise and nervously.
他们吃惊的是，他们头儿竟然不止是骨头疼，还影响到了战士等级。而他们所有人都没看出来，这小孩却一来就一眼看出。
To their surprise, their head was not only suffering from bone pain, but also affecting the warrior rank. And none of them saw it, but the child saw it at a glance as soon as he came.
最吃惊的就是团队里的那名药师学徒，他距离考到正式药师也就一步之差，他原本想着他今年再考九成能考上，可现在他不这么想了。
The most surprising thing was the pharmacist apprentice in the team, he was one step away from being admitted to the official pharmacist, he originally thought that he would be able to pass the exam again this year, but now he doesn't think so.
这小孩给他的打击太大了，人家一眼就看出头儿的真正问题，而他呢，连怀疑老大中毒都只是推测。
This kid hit him so hard that people could see the real problem with the boss at a glance, and he even suspected that the boss was poisoned.
“请坐。”男子抬手。 "You may be seated." The man raised his hand.
王叶对男子的脸很陌生，也没从这些人身上发现什么明显标记。
Wang Ye was very unfamiliar with the man's face, and he didn't find any obvious marks on these people.
雷木倒像是想起什么，按住王叶肩膀，开口：“坐不用了。我弟善治骨伤，并不擅长解毒，你们另外找人吧。”
Lei Mu seemed to think of something, pressed Wang Ye's shoulder, and spoke: "Don't sit down." My brother is good at treating bone injuries and is not good at detoxification, so you can find someone else. ”
王叶感到奇怪，但雷木这么说肯定有他的道理，就没吱声。
Wang Ye felt strange, but Lei Mu must have a reason for saying this, so he didn't squeak.
男子还没有表示，他的手下就把大门和窗户都堵住了，摆明不想让两人就这么离开。
Before the man could say anything, his men blocked the door and window, making it clear that they didn't want the two to leave like that.
男子这才说道：“你们已经知道我中毒的事，不管你们能不能治，我不想这件事传出去，你们说，我该怎么办？”
Then the man said: "You already know about my poisoning, whether you can cure it or not, I don't want this matter to spread, you say, what should I do?" ”
王叶一听这话，再看那些人的架势，有些明白雷木为什么不想让他帮这人治疗了。
As soon as Wang Ye heard this, he looked at the posture of those people again, and somewhat understood why Lei Mu didn't want him to help this person treat.
“你们不会想要杀人灭口吧？”王叶从雷木身后冒头。 "You don't want to kill people, do you?" Wang Ye emerged from behind Lei Mu.
男子淡淡道：“或者你可以试着帮我解毒，如果你能解，我不但不会拦着你们，还会奉上重酬。”
The man said lightly: "Or you can try to help me detoxify, if you can detoxify, not only will I not stop you, but I will also give you a heavy reward." ”
“那如果不能呢？” "And what if you can't?"
男子没有回答。 The man did not answer.
倒是之前领他们过来的人走近两人，用带着歉意的语调，但没有半点歉意地说道：“那就麻烦两位暂时住在我们这里，等我们离开后，再说其他。”
Instead, the person who had brought them over approached the two of them and said in an apologetic tone, but without the slightest apology: "Then please let the two of you stay with us for the time being, and then talk about other things after we leave." ”
“哥，我好怕哦。”王叶抓住雷木的手。 "Brother, I'm so scared." Wang Ye grabbed Lei Mu's hand.
雷木还没出声安慰他，就听这小东西又满是好奇地问男子：“你刚才说治好你会有重酬，是什么重酬？”
Before Lei Mu could comfort him, he heard the little thing ask the man with curiosity: "You just said that you will be rewarded for curing you, what kind of reward is it?" ”
男子手指轻点：“据我所知，你治疗一个双腿骨骼粉碎的老人，收了对方五百金币和一枚魔晶，我可以给你同等的报酬。”
The man's finger tapped: "As far as I know, you treated an old man with broken bones in his legs, and received five hundred gold coins and a magic crystal from the other party, and I can give you the same reward." ”
王叶有点心动，他虽然还不知道男子具体中的是什么毒，但只看对方的外表症状，他已经有两种可靠推测。而这两种毒，他都能治，并且治疗过程并不算复杂，至少比昨天的大手术要轻松得多。
Wang Ye was a little moved, although he didn't know what kind of poison the man was in, but just looking at the other party's appearance and symptoms, he already had two reliable speculations. And he can cure both of these poisons, and the treatment process is not too complicated, at least it is much easier than yesterday's major surgery.
五百金加一枚魔晶，还是有的赚的。 Five hundred gold and a magic crystal, there is still some earning.
雷木已经发现小叶子人虽然足够大方，但也是个小财迷。
Lei Mu has already discovered that although Xiaoye is generous enough, he is also a small money fan.
为了不让这小东西钻到钱眼里，他特地轻轻握了握小家伙的手。
In order to prevent this little thing from getting into the eyes of the money, he specially shook the little guy's hand gently.
王叶顿时感到可惜，既然木木不同意，那对方给再多钱也不能赚。
Wang Ye suddenly felt a pity, since Mu Mu didn't agree, no matter how much money the other party gave, he couldn't make money.
“这只是出手费。如果你能真的彻底治好我现在的问题，同样的报酬，我会再付一份。”男子加重筹码。
"It's just a shot. If you can really cure my current problem completely, I will pay another one for the same pay. "The man weighed on the chips.
虽然纹面男说他弟弟只会治疗骨伤，但他弟神态那么轻松，并且一眼看出他的问题，就算没有彻底解决的方法，也一定有缓解的办法。
Although the tattooed man said that his brother would only treat bone injuries, his brother's demeanor was so relaxed, and he could see his problem at a glance, even if there was no way to solve it completely, there must be a way to alleviate it.
男子好不容易才找到一个能看出他问题的药师，就算对方只是一个小孩子，也不可能这么轻易放过。
The man finally found a pharmacist who could see his problem, even if the other party was just a child, it was impossible to let it go so easily.
杀人灭口，他不会做。至少不会对这个药师学徒这么做，他可不想杀了小的来个厉害的老的。
Kill people and kill people, he won't do it. At least not with this pharmacist apprentice, he didn't want to kill the little one and the old one.
所以他选择用重金来打动这个小孩。 So he chose to impress this kid with a lot of money.
王叶捂住胸口，抱住雷木：啊啊啊，心好痛！只要给人解个毒，不但能领任务赚经验值，还能得到一份因果之力，更还有一千金币和两枚魔晶。
Wang Ye covered his chest and hugged Lei Mu: Ahhhh As long as you detoxify someone, you can not only get the task to earn experience points, but also get a causal power, as well as a thousand gold coins and two magic crystals.
真的要就这么放弃吗？ Do you really want to just give up?
可木木不愿意他接这个生意……他要坚持住，不能被金钱和经验值打倒！
But Mumu didn't want him to take over the business...... He has to hold on and can't be defeated by money and experience points!
发现小叶子有动摇迹象，雷木一把抱起这个便宜弟弟，硬邦邦地说道：“我说了，我弟不擅长解毒。”
Finding that Xiaoye was showing signs of shaking, Lei Mu picked up this cheap brother and said firmly: "I said, my brother is not good at detoxification." ”
说完，抱着人转身就向大门走去。 After saying that, he turned around and walked towards the gate.
王叶单手搂着雷木的脖子，另一只手还对那年轻头儿挥了挥。
Wang Ye put one hand around Lei Mu's neck, and the other hand waved at the young man.
男子嘴角抽搐了下，抬手。 The corners of the man's mouth twitched, and he raised his hand.
堵住大门的散开，任由一大一小离开。 Blocking the door and letting one big and one small leave.
“头儿？” "Boss?"
“算了，那家伙不好惹，他九成是异术师，身上煞气很重。”男子环视这个房间内的所有手下，忽然道：“小洲呢？”
"Forget it, that guy is not easy to mess with, he is ninety percent of a magician, and he has a very heavy evil aura on his body." The man looked around at all the subordinates in this room, and suddenly said, "What about Xiao Zhou?" ”
王叶从雷木怀里跳下来，他喜欢雷木亲近他，但这样被当小孩一样抱着还是算了。
Wang Ye jumped from Lei Mu's arms, he liked Lei Mu to be close to him, but it was okay to be held like a child like this.
“你刚才为什么不让我出手？好多钱。”王叶满脸可惜。
"Why didn't you just let me do it? That's a lot of money. Wang Ye's face was full of pity.
雷木无奈道：“有些钱好赚，有些钱不好赚。” Lei Mu said helplessly: "Some money is easy to make, and some money is not easy to earn." ”
“那伙人很麻烦？” "That guy is troublesome?"
雷木摇头，“不是那伙人麻烦，是他们领头人招惹的敌人很麻烦。”
Lei Mu shook his head, "It's not that gang of people who are troublesome, it's that the enemy provoked by their leader is very troublesome." ”
“你知道他的敌人是谁？你认识这伙人？”王叶好奇。 "Do you know who his enemies are? Do you know these guys? Wang Ye was curious.
雷木：“不算认识。但我知道那伙人的领头人的身份，以及他家里一些事。”
Reim: "I don't know each other. But I know the identity of the leader of the gang and some of his family. ”
王叶眼睛亮了，有八卦。 Wang Ye's eyes lit up, and there was gossip.
雷木说八卦非常枯燥。 Lei Mu said that gossip is very boring.
简而言之，那年轻的战士领头人叫陆天城，是陆家原先的继承人，人品不算好，也不算坏，就是普通贵族之子。但这位伯爵之子运气不好，他不喜欢一个贵族女孩，但那女孩偏偏非他不嫁，对方父亲的爵位还比他父亲高。
In short, the young warrior leader was called Lu Tiancheng, the original heir of the Lu family, and his character was neither good nor bad, he was the son of an ordinary nobleman. But the earl's son was unlucky, he didn't like a noble girl, but that girl didn't marry him, and his father's title was higher than his father's.
可另外有一个大贵族之子特别喜欢那女孩，就因此仇恨上陆天城。不但帮助陆天城的庶弟，把他的继承人之位搞没，还逼得他不得不离开王都，到外面组了一个佣兵团过日子。
But there was another son of a great nobleman who liked that girl very much, so he hated Shanglu Tiancheng. not only helped Lu Tiancheng's cousin and lose his position as heir, but also forced him to leave the royal capital and form a mercenary group outside to live.
那大贵族之子以为这样就可以得到心爱的女孩，谁想到那女孩因为喜欢的人离开，竟然赌气嫁给了另外一个国家的公爵之子。
The son of the great nobleman thought that he could get the girl he loved in this way, but who would have thought that the girl would marry the son of the duke of another country in anger because the person she liked left.
这下好了，那大贵族之子不恨女孩嫁的外国人，反而把陆天城恨出了一个窟窿，但他又不想一下子杀死陆天城，就想各种方法折磨他。
Now it's okay, the son of the great nobleman didn't hate the foreigner who the girl married, but hated Lu Tiancheng out of a hole, but he didn't want to kill Lu Tiancheng at once, so he wanted to torture him in various ways.
“那大贵族之子是名罕见的毒师。以毒为异术，他施的毒都很难解。而且此人心眼极为狭小，如果有人能解掉他的毒，他就会缠着对方不断下毒，直到把对方毒死。因为他地位高、家族势力大、本身毒术也厉害，敢招惹他的人极少。包括有名的大药师在内，都不会轻易去解救被他毒术伤害的人。”
"The son of the great nobleman is a rare poisoner. Using poison as a strange technique, the poison he applied was difficult to solve. Moreover, this person is extremely narrow-minded, and if someone can cure his poison, he will pester the other party and continue to poison until he poisons the other party to death. Because of his high status, powerful family, and powerful poison skills, there are very few people who dare to provoke him. Even the famous Great Pharmacist, he would not easily rescue those who were injured by his poison technique. ”
王叶越听这毒师的事迹越感到熟悉，脱口问道：“那毒师是不是叫糜滨？春木上国七大家族之一的糜大公爵之子？”
The more Wang Ye listened to the deeds of this poison master, the more familiar he felt, and blurted out, "Is the poison master called Mi Bin?" The son of Duke Mi, one of the seven great families of Haruki? ”
“对，就是他。你也听过他？陆天城身上的毒，九成就是他下的。”雷木很肯定地道。
"Yes, that's him. Have you heard of him too? The poison on Lu Tiancheng's body, the Nine Achievements were given by him. "Reimu is sure of it.
王叶了然：“你是怕我治好陆天城，会让糜滨记恨，继而找我麻烦？”
Wang Ye was clear: "Are you afraid that if I cure Lu Tiancheng, Mi Bin will hold a grudge and then trouble me?" ”
雷木承认：“那糜滨是小人，而且是极为阴险的小人，他什么招都敢使，你再厉害也防不胜防，何况你还只是一个小孩子，而我并不能保证时时刻刻都在你身边。就算在，对方对你用毒，我也无法保护你周全。”
Lei Mu admitted: "That Mibin is a villain, and he is an extremely insidious villain, he dares to do anything, no matter how powerful you are, you can't prevent it, not to mention that you are just a child, and I can't guarantee that I will be by your side all the time." Even if the other party uses poison on you, I can't protect you. ”
王叶想说他不怕毒，如果有人对他使坏，因果卷就会提前警告他，让他有所准备。
Wang Ye wanted to say that he was not afraid of poison, and if someone did something bad to him, the cause and effect scroll would warn him in advance and let him be prepared.
但他喜欢雷木这么关心他，就顺着他的意思道：“好吧，我不会主动去招惹糜滨那个家伙。”
But he liked that Lei Mu cared about him so much, so he followed his meaning and said, "Okay, I won't take the initiative to provoke that guy Mibin." ”
他上辈子已经招惹过，还把人给宰了，包括那人的公爵父亲。
He had provoked and slaughtered people in his previous life, including the man's duke's father.
但他又忍不住道：“其实那毒挺好解的，就一颗药丸的事。”
But he couldn't help but say: "Actually, that poison is quite easy to solve, just a pill." ”
既然是糜滨下的毒，那他基本就可以肯定陆天城中的到底是哪种毒了。上辈子他对糜滨的毒术花了不少时间研究，针对他的毒都做出了解药。
Since it was the poison under Mi Bin, he could basically be sure what kind of poison was in Lu Tiancheng. In his previous life, he spent a lot of time studying Mibin's poison and made an antidote to his poison.
“如果你知道陆天城中了什么毒，还知道解药怎么做的话……”雷木思考片刻：“这钱也不是真的不能赚，但不能让糜滨知道是你出的手。我们可以换个方式赚这笔钱。”
"If you know what poison Lu Tiancheng has been in, and how to make the antidote......" Lei Mu thought for a moment: "It's not really impossible to make this money, but you can't let Mi Bin know that it's you." We can make this money in another way. ”
“好啊，木木，你说怎么做，我听你的~” "Okay, Mumu, what do you say, I'll listen to you~"
海沟村摊位。 Trench Village stalls.
船锚怒视用鄙视眼神看他的瘦小青年，低喝：“瓮洲！这里不是你该来的地方，我们海沟村不欢迎你，滚！”
The anchor glared at the thin young man who looked at him with contempt, and shouted: "Wengzhou! This is not the place you should be, you are not welcome in Trench Village, get out! ”
“不欢迎我？你以为我想来？就你这个勾结海盗、偷船员财务的脏东西，你出生的村落肯定也不是什么好玩意，你们这个又脏又破的小摊子，请我来我都不来！爷也是眼瞎，走错地方了。”瓮洲呸地吐了口浓痰，那恶心的痰液沾到了咸鱼干上，瞬间把海沟村人点炸。
"Not welcome me? You think I want to come? As far as you colluding with pirates and stealing the crew's finances, the village you were born in is certainly not a good thing, you dirty and broken little stall, I won't come if you invite me to come! The master is also blind and has gone to the wrong place. Wengzhou spat out thick phlegm, and the disgusting phlegm stained the dried salted fish, which instantly blew up the people of Haigou Village.
“你说什么？你这个混蛋！” "What do you say? You bastard! ”
“怎么？想打架吗？果然是和海盗勾结的盗贼，我看你们整个村子都是海盗，不买你们东西就要打人！”
"What? Want to fight? Sure enough, it's a thief who colludes with pirates, I see that your whole village is a pirate, and if you don't buy your things, you will be beaten! ”
“胡说八道，明明是你先骂人，还弄脏了我们的货！你赔！必须赔！”
"Nonsense, it's clear that you scolded people first, and you also soiled our goods! You pay! Must pay! ”
“放屁！你们这是强买强卖，我看你们都没一个好东西。”
"Fart! You guys are buying and selling, and I don't think you have a good thing. ”
“瓮洲！够了！”船锚爆吼：“你这是栽赃！当初就是你在背后胡说八道，栽赃陷害我！你这个只会妒忌别人的卑劣小人！”
"Wengzhou! That's enough! The anchor roared: "You are planting!" You were talking nonsense behind your back and framing me in the first place! You despicable villain who only envy others! ”
船锚恨不得杀了瓮洲。 The anchor wanted to kill Wengzhou.
当年他年轻，很多事想不明白，但随着年岁增大、经验增多，就明白自己是被人坑了。而船长为什么能那么轻易相信瓮洲，不过是想扣留他工作多年的积累罢了。
When he was young, he couldn't understand many things, but as he got older and more experienced, he realized that he was cheated by someone. And why the captain can trust Wengzhou so easily, is just to detain the accumulation of years of his work.
一个为了赶走他，一个为了那点财产，这才向他泼黑水，搞臭他的名声，还把他逼得在水手一行待不下去。
One to drive him away, the other for that bit of property, poured black water on him, stammered his reputation, and forced him to stay in the sailors' line.
如果他性子偏激一些，就不是回村，而是加入海盗。那样也就更称了那些人的心，让他们可以对外说“看，那船锚果然和海盗勾搭，我当初早就看出来了，幸亏我早把赶走”云云。
If he is more radical, he will not return to the village, but join the pirates. That would make it even more important for those people, so that they could say to the outside world, "Look, that anchor is indeed hooking up with pirates, I have already seen it, but fortunately I drove it away."
瓮洲冷笑，竟然又吐出一口浓痰，这次正好落在村长脚面。
Wengzhou sneered, and actually spit out another mouthful of thick phlegm, this time which happened to land at the village chief's feet.
“混蛋！打死他！”海沟村人气得冲上去就打。 "Bastard! Shoot him! "The people of the trench village rushed up and beat it.
雷木和王叶回来的时候，双方都打红了眼。 When Lei Mu and Wang Ye came back, both sides were red-eyed.
瓮洲有三个同伴，都不是弱手，虽然还没有达到武师级别，但也都是五六级的武者，对付起只有一把子力气却没有实际练过的普通渔民，一个打三个绝不是问题。
Wengzhou has three companions, none of them are weak hands, although they have not yet reached the level of martial artists, but they are all five or six level martial artists, dealing with ordinary fishermen who only have a handful of strength but have not actually practiced, it is never a problem to fight three at a time.
集市管理来了，其中就有富奇器的父亲，他是海草村唯二的武师，也是集市的秩序管理者。
The market management came, and among them was Fu Qiqi's father, who was the only two martial artists in Seagrass Village and the order manager of the market.
这人因为儿子的事，心情正不好，听说有人在集市打群架，还影响到周边时，当即就怒气冲冲地带人杀了过去。
This man was in a bad mood because of his son's affairs, and when he heard that someone was fighting in the market and affecting the surrounding area, he immediately took people to kill him in anger.
到了那里，他也不管谁有理谁没理，让管理队的人把两方人围起来，他进去见人就打。
When he got there, he didn't care who was reasonable and who didn't, and let the people of the management team surround the two parties, and he would beat people when he went in.
王叶和雷木就是这时候回来，海蛋看到他们，泪音都冒出来了：“小叶子，雷大哥，有人欺负我们村人！”
Wang Ye and Lei Mu came back at this time, and when Hai Dan saw them, tears came out: "Xiao Yezi, Brother Lei, someone is bullying our villagers!" ”
船桨更是红着眼睛要往人群里冲，是三个小少年紧紧拉住了她。而向来冷静理智的海崖已经冲进人堆，和人打得头破血流。
The oars were even more red-eyed and about to rush into the crowd, but it was the three young men who held her tightly. And the sea cliff, which has always been calm and rational, has rushed into the crowd and fought with people to the point of bleeding.
王叶看情况对海沟村人不利，脸色立刻变得难看，他正要发动因果之力。
Wang Ye saw that the situation was unfavorable to the people of Trench Village, and his face immediately became ugly, and he was about to activate the power of cause and effect.
雷木已经脚尖一点，冲进人群，抓住一个就往外抛一个，连同富奇器的父亲富德全都扔了出来。
Already on tiptoe, Lei Mu rushed into the crowd, grabbed one and threw one out, along with Fuqiqi's father, Fude, and threw them all out.
因为海沟村人被打得很惨，雷木扔人的时候就用了点力气，把这些人全都摔得七荤八素，趴在地上爬不起来。
Because the people of Haigou Village were beaten very badly, Lei Mu used some strength when he threw people, and all these people were smashed to pieces, and they couldn't get up on the ground.
第50章 我也护短 Chapter 50: I also protect my shortcomings
等雷木扔到最里面，就见船锚和村长两人满脸惊慌地挡在什么前头。
When Lei Mu was thrown into the innermost part, he saw the anchor and the village chief standing in front of something with panicked faces.
“雷大兄弟。”船锚声音有点抖。 "Big Brother Lei." The anchor sound trembled a little.
雷木从两人的肩膀缝隙看进去，就见地上有具尸体，干尸。
Lei Mu looked through the gap between the shoulders of the two of them, and saw a corpse on the ground, a dried corpse.
哦，还不是干尸，那具跟骷髅差不多的身体动了一下。 Oh, it's not a dry corpse yet, the skeleton-like body moved.
鲨鱼眼睛通红，他的眼睛已经完全虫瞳化，只见黑眼珠，不见眼白。
The shark's eyes were red, and his eyes had been completely pupilized, and he could only see black eyeballs, but not whites.
因为有摊位挡着，这边的情况暂时还没有被人发现。 Because there are stalls in the way, the situation here has not been discovered for the time being.
“把这东西拎进去，你也进去。”雷木表情不变，就跟看到正常打架一样，吩咐鲨鱼。
"Bring this thing in, and you go in too." Remu's expression remained unchanged, as if he had seen a normal fight, and ordered the shark.
鲨鱼的神情眼见着就放松了些许，点点头，弯腰拖着那具快被他吸干的身体进入棕榈屋，没提起来走是怕被人看见。
The shark's expression relaxed a little when he saw it, nodded, and bent down to drag the body that was about to be sucked dry by him into the palm house, not mentioning it for fear of being seen.
村长和船锚见雷木一脸平静，他们也因此安心许多。 The village chief and the anchor saw that Lei Mu's face was calm, and they were much more relieved.
“发生了什么事？”雷木淡声问。 "What happened?" Lei Mu asked lightly.
船锚正要解释。 The anchor was about to explain.
就听一道愤怒又刺耳的怒骂响起：“你们海沟村我记住了！打架不算，还敢出手伤害集市管理者，以后我们海草岛不欢迎你们，现在你们就给我收拾东西滚蛋！以后也别来了！”
I heard an angry and piercing curse sound: "I remember your Trench Village!" Don't count fighting, you dare to hurt the market manager, we won't welcome you on Seagrass Island in the future, now you guys will pack up my things and get out! Don't come back again! ”
雷木回头。 Remu turned his head.
富德爬了起来，整个人就像一头愤怒的公牛，瞪着海沟村人就像是要吃人，更挥舞着双手，不停叫骂，让海沟村人滚蛋。
Fude got up, the whole person was like an angry bull, glaring at the people of Trench Village as if he was about to eat people, and even waved his hands, kept shouting and scolding, telling the people of Trench Village to get out.
其他集市管理者一惊。驱赶来赶集的客人，还是附近岛屿的邻居，这事可不是富德一个人能决定的，必须让岛主召开全村会议，请管事人全部到场，最后大家举手表决，超过半数才能决定，而且岛主不同意，还能给被驱逐者一个机会。
The other market managers were taken aback. The guests who drove the guests to the market were still the neighbors of the nearby islands, this matter was not something that Fude could decide alone, and the owner of the island must hold a meeting of the whole village, and all the stewards should be present, and finally everyone raised their hands to vote, and more than half of them could decide, and the owner of the island did not agree, and the expelled people could be given a chance.
海沟村的年轻人受不得激，张口就想回：不来就不来，当谁稀罕。
The young people of Haigou Village couldn't be excited, and they opened their mouths and wanted to return: If you don't come, you won't come, and you will be rare.
但话到嘴里，这些年轻人又硬生生忍了回去。他们确实很需要这个集市，如果以后不让他们来，他们海沟村会更闭塞，并落后于其他岛屿的发展。
But when the words came to their mouths, these young people forcibly endured it again. They really need this bazaar, and if they don't let them come in the future, their Trench Village will be even more isolated and lag behind the development of the other islands.
只说中型渔船，就只有海草村集市才有贩卖，他们海沟村并不具有造船的本领，顶多就是把大树掏空做个小渔船，还用不了多久。
Speaking of medium-sized fishing boats, they are only sold in the Seagrass Village Market, and they do not have the ability to build ships in Haigou Village, at most they can hollow out the big trees and make small fishing boats, and it will not take long.
被羞辱，却又不得不忍耐，海沟村人痛苦万分，一个个眼睛忍得通红。
was humiliated, but had to endure it, the people of Trench Village were in great pain, and their eyes were red from enduring.
“这哪来的脑残？出门没吃药还是药吃多了？出生的时候，脑子被钳子夹过是吧？你爹娘知道生出来你这么一个瘪犊子，怎么没把你放尿盆里淹死？竟然就这么把你养大了，该不会是吃屎长大的吧？一张嘴喷出来的全是粪便。”
"Where's this brain-dead? Didn't take medicine when you went out or did you take too much medicine? When you were born, your brain was pinched by pliers, right? Your father and mother knew that they gave birth to such a deflated calf as you, why didn't they drown you in the urinal? I raised you like this, I didn't grow up eating, right? One mouth squirted out of feces all over the place. ”
一个孩童的声音陡然在集市中响起，还压过了富德的怒骂声。
A child's voice suddenly rang out in the bazaar, and it overpowered Fude's angry scolding.
富德转头就看到一个小男孩正用看粪便的眼神看他，气得破口大骂：“哪来的小兔崽子，你爹娘都死了吗，让你跑这儿乱放……”
Fude turned his head and saw a little boy looking at him with the eyes of feces, and he was so angry that he scolded: "Where did you come from, little rabbit cub, are your parents dead, let you run here and leave ...... around"
“啪！”清脆的耳光声响起。 "Smack!" A crisp slap sounded.
富德不可置信地捂住自己的脸。 Fude covered his face in disbelief.
第一次施展轻功【塞翁失马焉知非福】的王叶甩了甩自己的手掌，对方脸皮太厚，他的手太嫩，用力打过去还挺疼。
Wang Ye, who performed light skills for the first time, shook his palm, the other party's skin was too thick, his hand was too tender, and it hurt to hit him hard.
富德扬手就要抽回去。 Fude raised his hand and was about to withdraw it.
王叶手指一勾。 Wang Ye hooked his fingers.
富德双脚被因果线缠住，噗通摔倒。 Fude's feet are entangled in the causal threads, and he falls.
不止如此，王叶还给自己挂上【冤冤相报】技能，冲到富德面前就是一阵拳打脚踢。
Not only that, Wang Ye also hung up the [Retribution for Injustice] skill on himself, and rushed to Fude with a burst of punches and kicks.
富德想要回击，但他四肢全都被看不见的因果线紧紧缠住，结果一个武师被一个小孩打得毫无还手之力。
Fude tried to fight back, but his limbs were all wrapped tightly in invisible threads of cause and effect, and as a result, a martial artist was beaten by a child and was helpless.
不过富德到底是武师，皮很厚，而王叶如今还只有玩家四级，相当于初级武者级别，和武师相差了一个大级别，暂时无法攻破武师的防守。
However, Fude is a martial artist in the end, and his skin is very thick, and Wang Ye is now only a player at level four, which is equivalent to the junior martial artist level, which is a big level different from the martial artist, and he can't break through the martial artist's defense for the time being.
就算实际伤害不大，但富德的脸丢尽了。 Even if the actual damage is not great, Fude's face is lost.
王叶一双小脚丫子还直往富德的脸上踩踏踢踹，硬是把富德踢得鼻血直流。
Wang Ye also stepped on Fude's face with a pair of small feet, and kicked Fude so much that his nose bleed.
“快住手！这位小兄弟请你放开我们管事。”集市管理队其他没有被打趴下的人忙上前想要拉开王叶，但他们被雷木挡住了。
"Stop! This little brother, please let us go. "The rest of the market management team who were not beaten down hurriedly stepped forward to pull Wang Ye away, but they were blocked by Lei Mu.
雷木还叫来村长，让他们跟这些海草村人讲道理。 Lei Mu also called the village chief and asked them to reason with these seagrass villagers.
村长就跟他们说，说有个客人不讲理，不但羞辱他们村子，还吐痰弄脏他们的货物，他们不过是让对方赔偿，对方不肯，才会打起来。
The village chief told them that a guest was unreasonable, not only humiliated their village, but also spit and soiled their goods, and they only asked the other party to compensate, but the other party refused, so they would fight.
可集市管理队的人来了，也不问对错，竟然见人就打，可怜他们村子的年轻人都被打伤，几个孩子更是被吓坏了。
But when the market management team came, they didn't ask whether it was right or wrong, and they beat people when they saw them, and the young people in their village were all injured, and several children were even more frightened.
“我们到底做错了什么？我们村是穷，我们村人是弱，可也不是随便让人欺负的。你们海草村的管理人员不去制止那侮辱人的，却逮着我们村的人打，如今更因为我们村的贵客过来阻止，就要驱赶我们离开，还那样辱骂我们。如果你们海草村都是这样，不用你们赶，我们以后也不会再来你们这里！”村长说着都哽咽了。
"What exactly are we doing wrong? Our village is poor, and the people in our village are weak, but we are not just bullied. You Haicao village managers did not stop the insulting people, but they caught the people of our village and beat us, and now because our village dignitaries came to stop us, they want to drive us away and insult us like that. If all of you seagrass villages are like this, we won't come to you again without you rushing! The village chief choked up as he spoke.
半老的男人掉眼泪特别让人动容。 The tears shed by the half-aged man are particularly moving.
船锚也红着眼睛说：“海草村能繁华起来，也是大家互相帮忙的结果，如果你们海草村觉得以后不需要我们这些穷海岛小渔村的人过来，我们不来就是。没得这样欺辱我们！”
The anchor also said with red eyes: "The prosperity of Seagrass Village is also the result of everyone helping each other, if you Seagrass Village feels that we don't need people from poor island fishing villages to come over in the future, we won't come." You don't have to bully us like that! ”
看热闹的人中有不少和海沟村差不多的小渔村人，他们听了海沟村人的述说，再看他们的惨样，心里也都不舒服。
Among the people who watched the excitement, there were many people from small fishing villages who were similar to Haigou Village, and they listened to the narration of Haigou Village, and then looked at their miserable appearance, and their hearts were not comfortable.
海草村这些年发展得特别好，虽说待他们这些邻居还算比较厚道，但当地一些管事，尤其是集市管理者富德和他儿子富奇器，很是嚣张，对待他们这些小海岛人的态度也特别恶劣。
Seagrass Village has developed very well over the years, and although they are relatively kind to their neighbors, some local stewards, especially the market manager Fude and his son Fuqiqi, are very arrogant and treat them as small islanders.
有时他们和一些顾客发生纠纷，如果那些顾客一看就是有身份的，或者是大商船的人，富德就会不分青红皂白，只偏帮那些客人，而让他们这些邻居吃大亏。
Sometimes they have disputes with some customers, and if those customers look like they have status, or are from large merchant ships, Fude will indiscriminately help those customers and let their neighbors suffer a lot.
怨恨早已积累下来，只是还没到爆发的时候。 Resentment has already accumulated, but it is not yet time to erupt.
“海草村这么霸道？”王叶打累了，走到雷木身边，说出了附近其他小岛屿人不敢说出的话：“这个满口喷粪的脑残是谁？他能代表海草村？说赶人就赶人？还有这些跑来打人的家伙都是谁？”
"Seagrass Village is so domineering?" Wang Ye was tired, walked to Lei Mu's side, and said something that other small islanders nearby didn't dare to say: "Who is this brain-dead man with a mouth full of feces?" Can he represent Seagrass Village? Say drive people out? And who are these guys who are running to beat people? ”
这时那些打趴下的队员也都被同伴扶起来，大家脸色都不太好看。
At this time, the team members who were lying down were also helped up by their companions, and everyone's faces were not good-looking.
一名算是小头目的集市管理者出面，语气不太好地说道：“我们是海草岛集市管理者，你打的人叫富德，一名武师，也是我们队长。”
A market manager who was a small boss stepped forward and said in a not very good tone: "We are the market manager of Seagrass Island, and the person you beat is called Fude, a martial artist, and also our captain. ”
“哦，你们管这叫管理？”王叶指了指被打伤的海沟村人。
"Oh, you call this management?" Wang Ye pointed to the injured people from Trench Village.
小头目强忍着怒气和不安道：“这点是我们不对，但你们也不该在集市中打架，我们队长也是一时情急，想要快点结束纷争，避免影响更多人。”
The little leader held back his anger and uneasiness and said: "This is not our fault, but you should not fight in the bazaar, and our captain is also in a hurry, wanting to end the dispute quickly and avoid affecting more people." ”
“那你们队长和你们都没带嘴？这不是挺能说的吗，为什么之前就不能好好说话？”王叶嗤笑。
"Then your captain and you don't have a mouth? Isn't that quite what you can say, why can't you talk well before? Wang Ye sneered.
“那时情况太乱，我们只是……” "It was too chaotic at that time, we just ......"
“你们只是对穷邻居们耀武扬威习惯了，打了人也能让人有苦说不出，还得感谢你们让他们来集市摆摊。”王叶冷笑：“堂堂一个武师，不过是解决一场不到二十人的混战，竟然还需要他亲自出手把打架的人全都打伤，他明明只要喊一声，让所有人住手就可以，再不行就抓住双方首脑控制起来。别说他做不到，如果真做不到，我就要怀疑这个叫富德的脑残是否真的拥有武师的实力。”
"You're just used to showing off your power to your poor neighbors, and you can't tell you how hard you can say when you beat someone, and I have to thank you for letting them come to the market to set up a stall." Wang Ye sneered: "A dignified martial artist, just to solve a melee of less than twenty people, even needs him to personally take action to injure all the people who are fighting, he obviously just needs to shout and let everyone stop, and if it doesn't work, he will grab the heads of both sides and control it." Don't say he can't do it, if he really can't do it, I have to wonder if this brain-dead named Fude really has the strength of a martial artist. ”
周围传来“就是”的附和声。 There was a echo of "yes" all around.
小头目下不来台，只能梗着脖子说：“打架就是不对，我们和队长只是想要阻止，根本不是欺压。反倒是你们，一来就对我们管理队下重手，多少人都被你们打伤了。”
The little boss couldn't get off the stage, so he could only stalk his neck and say: "It's not right to fight, we and the captain just want to stop it, it's not bullying at all." On the contrary, it was you who dealt a heavy blow to our management team as soon as you came, and many of them were injured by you. ”
王叶瞪大眼睛：“你说我哥对你们下重手？我哥要是对你们下重手，你们还指望能爬起来？你们是缺胳膊少腿还是被打出内伤了，站出来让我看看，谁被打成重伤了？”
Wang Ye's eyes widened: "You said that my brother was heavy on you?" If my brother were to do a heavy blow to you, would you expect to get up? Are you missing arms and legs or have been beaten and injured internally, stand up and let me see, who has been seriously injured? ”
王叶又一指海沟村人：“拜托你们睁大你们的狗眼看清楚，到底是谁在下重手？不过是阻止一场普通人打架，不但武师亲自出手，还发狠到把这些普通渔民的手脚都打骨折，更把一些人打出内伤，这就是你们管理队的执法方式？”
Wang Ye pointed at the people of Trench Village again: "Please keep your dog's eyes open and see clearly, who is making heavy hands?" It's just to stop an ordinary fight, not only did the martial artist personally take action, but he was so ruthless that he broke the hands and feet of these ordinary fishermen, and even beat some people with internal injuries, this is how you manage the law enforcement of the team? ”
王叶扭头就对雷木说：“哥，我觉得你刚才出手太轻，人家都说你出重手了，结果却都是一些皮肉伤，不知道的人还以为你本事就这么点呢。”
Wang Ye turned his head and said to Lei Mu: "Brother, I think you made a light shot just now, people said that you made a heavy move, but it turned out to be some flesh wounds, and people who don't know still think that you are so capable." ”
雷木很好说话地点头道：“嗯，你说得对，哥出手太轻了。”
Lei Mu nodded very eloquently: "Well, you're right, my brother is too light." ”
雷木抬脚一踹，把趴在地上流鼻血的富德踹飞了出去。 Raimu raised his foot and kicked Fude, who was lying on the ground and was bleeding from his nose, out.
等富德落到地上，大口大口的吐血，他的四肢也全部断裂，最可怕的是，他的气种被废了。
When Fude fell to the ground, he vomited blood, his limbs were all broken, and the most terrible thing was that his qi was wasted.
气种是武师的聚气之源，宛如充电池，更是接受能量和释放能量的电站，气种被废，不管这武师曾经天资有多好，也只能当个普通人了。
The gas species is the source of the martial artist's gathering qi, just like a rechargeable battery, and it is also a power station that accepts and releases energy.
富德感到自己气种破裂的一刹那，整个人的脸色都变得灰白，他完了。
The moment Fude felt that his qi was broken, his whole face turned gray, and he was finished.
而此时，海草村集市管理队的人还不知道富德被这一脚踢得后果有多严重，他们看雷木出手如此之重，也都十分愤怒，但他们中最强的富德都被打败，他们这些人自然也不敢上去找雷木麻烦，只说这件事会禀告岛主，让岛主来处理。并着重说明，他们岛主非常看重他们队长富德，更不容许有人践踏海草岛集市立下的规矩。
At this time, the people of the Seagrass Village Market Management Team didn't know how serious the consequences of Fude being kicked by this kick were, and they were all very angry when they saw Lei Mu shoot so hard, but the strongest of them Fu De was defeated, and they naturally didn't dare to go up to Lei Mu to trouble, only saying that this matter would be reported to the island owner and let the island owner deal with it. He also emphasized that their island owner values their captain Fude very much, and will not allow anyone to trample on the rules established by the Seagrass Island Market.
王叶冷笑：“哟，这是威胁谁呢？让你们岛主来，我倒要看看他如何判断这件事。你们胳膊肘往里拐，小爷也是护短的。既然要不讲理，那就看谁拳头大好了！”
Wang Ye sneered: "Yo, who is this threatening?" Let you lord come, and I'll see what he thinks of it. You turn your elbows inward, and the master is also short. Since you want to be unreasonable, then it depends on who has the big fist! ”
“我们没说要不讲理，我们……” "We didn't say we were going to be unreasonable, we ......"
“哥，让他们滚蛋。” "Brother, let them get out."
集市管理队的人不等雷木出手，迅速抬着富德离开，之前跟海沟村打架的人也想跑。
The people of the market management team did not wait for Lei Mu to make a move, and quickly carried Fude away, and the people who had fought with Trench Village before also wanted to run.
被海沟村人围住。 Surrounded by the people of Trench Village.
其中一人惊慌地道：“你们想干什么？我告诉你们，我们可是天城佣兵团的，我们团长可是春木上国的大贵族。”
One of them panicked, "What do you want to do?" Let me tell you, we are from the Amagi Mercenary Regiment, and our leader is a great nobleman of the Haruki Upper Kingdom. ”
“一个小小的伯爵之子，还是失去继承人资格的，也能叫大贵族？”王叶嗤笑。
"The son of a small earl, or who has lost the qualification of heir, can also be called a great noble?" Wang Ye sneered.
那人更加惊慌，没想到一个乡下小男孩竟然对他们团长的底细如此清楚。
The man was even more alarmed, he didn't expect a little country boy to know the details of their regiment leader so well.
王叶背手晃了晃脑袋：“可惜，你们团长原本还指望我出手救他，现在嘛，让他自求多福吧。”
Wang Ye shook his head with his back: "It's a pity, your head of the regiment originally expected me to save him, but now, let him ask for more blessings." ”
雷木对海沟村人示意。 Lei Mu gestured to the people of Trench Village.
海沟村人虽然愤怒未消，但还是散开来，让那三个人离开。
Although the anger of the Trench Village did not subside, they still dispersed and let the three people leave.
三个人刚要走，发现还少一个人，也是这次打架事件闹起来的祸首。
The three of them were just about to leave, and found that there was one less person, who was also the culprit of the fight.
“瓮洲呢？他是不是被你们扣起来了？你们快放了他，他可是我们团长很重视的人。”对方威胁。
"What about Wengzhou? Has he been detained by you? Let him go, he's a very important person for our regimental commander. "The other party threatened.
不等海沟村人回答，雷木就先一步说道：“不知道。也许他见情况不妙，已经先一步逃走。你们真的还要继续留下来找他？”
Without waiting for the people of Trench Village to answer, Lei Mu took the first step and said, "I don't know. Perhaps he saw that the situation was not good, and had already fled first. Are you really going to stay with him? ”
三个人互看，他们伤得也不轻，一个武师都被打成那样，他们这些武者哪里敢留下来，全都灰溜溜走了。
The three of them looked at each other, they were not lightly injured, a martial artist was beaten like that, where did these warriors dare to stay, they all slipped away.
海沟村人眼见一场争端就这么消弭，虽然他们也吃了不小的亏，但还是很高兴很激动。
The people of Haigou Village were very happy and excited to see that a dispute was resolved like this, and although they also suffered a lot of losses.
王叶对海蛋等人招手：“还等什么，还不过来帮助这些家伙疗伤！”
Wang Ye beckoned to Hai Dan and the others: "What are you waiting for, you can't come over to help these guys heal!" ”
所有海沟村人都进了棕榈屋，门口的货物大多都被打坏踩烂，海沟村人心疼无比，舍不得把这么多货物就这么扔了，把一些能自己用的全都捡了回来。
All the people of Trench Village entered the Palm House, and most of the goods at the door were broken and trampled, and the people of Trench Village were extremely distressed, and they were reluctant to throw away so many goods like this, and picked up all the goods that could be used by themselves.
棕榈叶帘子放了下来，今天生意是做不起来了。 The palm leaf curtain was lowered, and business could not be done today.
雷木和王叶问明情况，就让鲨鱼把那个活干尸拖了出来。
Lei Mu and Wang Ye asked about the situation, and asked the shark to drag the live corpse out.
这个快被鲨鱼吸干的家伙就是瓮洲。 This guy who is about to be sucked dry by sharks is Wengzhou.
瓮洲当时逮着船锚打，这家伙原本和船锚认识时还是一个普通水手，身体不强壮，身手更是远不如船锚，否则也不会阴谋陷害船锚。
Wengzhou was caught by the anchor at the time, this guy was still an ordinary sailor when he knew the anchor, his body was not strong, and his skills were far inferior to the anchor, otherwise he would not have conspired to frame the anchor.
可也许是巴结上了陆天城，或者有其他奇遇，他竟然从一个普通人变成了一名武者，还是高级武者，距离武师只差一步。
But maybe it was because he fell in love with Lu Tiancheng, or because he had other adventures, he turned from an ordinary person to a martial artist, or a high-level martial artist, and he was only one step away from a martial artist.
如此一来，还是普通人的船锚就不是瓮洲的对手了，只能被瓮洲压着打。
In this way, the anchor of ordinary people is not the opponent of Wengzhou, and can only be pressed and beaten by Wengzhou.
鲨鱼原本听了村长叮嘱，不打算暴露自己的异常，就一忍再忍，眼看船锚都要被瓮洲打死了，哪还能忍得住。
The shark originally listened to the village chief's advice and didn't plan to expose his abnormality, so he endured it again and again, seeing that the anchor was about to be killed by Wengzhou, how could he bear it.
可他第一次使用自己的特殊能力，也是第一次吸别人的血，这一吸就控制不住了。
But the first time he used his special ability, it was also the first time he sucked other people's blood, and this suck couldn't be controlled.
不止是他觉得血液好喝，更是瓮洲的血液里含有丰富的能量，他本能感觉出吸收这些血液对他有莫大好处，这一吸就停不下来。
Not only did he feel that the blood was delicious, but also that the blood of Wengzhou was rich in energy, and he instinctively felt that absorbing this blood would be of great benefit to him, and he couldn't stop sucking it.
等村长和船锚发现不对，就赶紧把他和瓮洲的活干尸掩护起来，就怕被人发现鲨鱼的异常。
When the village chief and the anchor found out that something was wrong, they hurriedly covered up the corpses of him and Wengzhou, for fear of being discovered about the shark's abnormality.
王叶指挥六小和其他还算全乎的海沟村人给其他受伤的村人上药，有四肢骨折或有内伤的，他就亲自出手。
Wang Ye instructed Liuxiao and other people from Haigou Village who were quite complete to give medicine to other injured villagers, and if there were broken limbs or internal injuries, he personally took action.
“这是他身上带着的东西。”鲨鱼把一个腰包递给雷木。
"It's something he's carrying." Shark handed a fanny pack to Raigi.
他把瓮洲全身都搜了一遍，把值钱的东西全都取下来，这些东西就当做给海沟村人的赔偿，但这个腰包他没动，直接拿给了雷木。
He searched all over Wengzhou and took down all the valuable things, which were taken as compensation to the people of Trench Village, but he didn't move this waist bag and took it directly to Lei Mu.
雷木也没客气，他们这些在外面混的人，打败敌人搜刮对方身上财物当战利品是常态。雷木打开腰包，翻了翻里面的东西。
Lei Mu was not polite, those of them who were messing around outside, it was the norm to defeat the enemy and loot each other's belongings as loot. Remu opened his fanny pack and rummaged through the contents.
别看瓮洲只是一个高级武者，腰包还挺鼓，竟然有一张不记名的钱卡，还有一小袋金币和其他零散钱币。另外还有一个拇指大的小药瓶。
Don't look at Wengzhou is just a high-level martial artist, his waist bag is quite bulging, and there is an anonymous money card, as well as a small bag of gold coins and other scattered coins. There is also a small medicine bottle the size of a thumb.
雷木把不记名钱卡收起来，把剩下的金币银币都抛给鲨鱼：“给村子。”
Lei Mu put away the bearer money card and threw the remaining gold and silver coins to the shark: "Give it to the village." ”
雷木没有打开小药瓶查看，他身边有个懂药物的小叶子，他就没必要连蒙带猜，直接拿给小叶子看就好。
Lei Mu didn't open the small medicine bottle to check, there was a little leaf who understood medicine next to him, so he didn't need to even guess, just show it to Xiao Yezi.
王叶接过小药瓶，打开瓶塞闻了闻。 Wang Ye took the small medicine bottle, opened the cork and sniffed it.
这一闻他就笑了，随后就倒出药瓶里的内容物，那是粉末状的药粉。
He laughed at this, and then poured out the contents of the medicine bottle, which was powdered powder.
王叶只倒了一点点，用手指捻了捻，就立刻塞上瓶塞，并迅速洗手。
Wang Ye only poured a little, twisted it with his fingers, immediately plugged the cork, and quickly washed his hands.
“这是什么药？”雷木立刻问道。 "What kind of medicine is this?" Remu asked immediately.
王叶抛了抛药瓶：“刚才那几个人说他们是天城佣兵团的人？”
Wang Ye threw the medicine bottle: "Those people just now said that they were members of the Tiancheng Mercenary Group?" ”
“对。” "Yes."
王叶呵呵：“那个白痴，身边有叛徒都不知道。” Wang Ye hehe: "That idiot, I don't know that there are traitors around me." ”
雷木看看小药瓶，又看看那具活干尸，了然：“是他下的毒？那瓶子里就是？”
Lei Mu looked at the small medicine bottle, and then at the live corpse, and understood: "Is it his poison?" What's in that bottle? ”
“对。而且确实是你说的那人的手笔。”糜滨做的毒药很有他的个人特色，王叶上辈子仔细研究过，自然一看就能看出来。
"Yes. And it's really the man's handiwork. "The poison made by Mi Bin has his personal characteristics, Wang Ye has studied it carefully in his previous life, and he can naturally see it at a glance.
雷木刚要说，那这事就别管了。 Lei Mu was about to say, then leave this matter alone.
可王叶眼睛珠子一转，嘿嘿笑道：“对那种白痴，不赚他一笔，我都觉得吃亏。你不是怕我因此招来糜滨仇恨吗？现在有了这人，你就不用担心了。”
But Wang Ye's eyes rolled, and he smiled: "For that kind of idiot, if you don't make a fortune from him, I feel at a loss." Aren't you afraid that I will attract Mibin's hatred because of this? Now with this person, you don't have to worry. ”
第51章 两方上门 Chapter 51: Two parties come to the door
海草村集市管理队的人把富德抬回去没多久，就发现了一个问题。
Not long after the people of the Seagrass Village Market Management Team carried Fude back, they discovered a problem.
那就是富德得了和他儿子富奇器一样的怪病。 That is, Fude has the same strange disease as his son Fuqiqi.
富德头不疼，但他的四肢就像是被看不见的绳索紧缚，不管怎么拉扯，都无法让他的四肢分开，整个人就像一跟棍子一样。
Fude's head didn't hurt, but his limbs were like being bound by invisible ropes, and no matter how much he pulled, he couldn't separate his limbs, and the whole person was like a stick.
岛主富秀山来了，看到富德的情况，暴怒。 The owner of the island, Fu Xiushan, came, and when he saw Fude's situation, he was furious.
他不是怒有人出手伤了富德，而是怒富德说是去给他儿子求情求原谅，结果却弄得跟他儿子一样回来，更糟糕的是，他的气种还被废了。
He was not angry that someone hurt Fude, but he was angry that Fude said that he was going to plead for his son to ask for forgiveness, but he came back like his son, and worse, his qi was abolished.
“岛主，看来富奇器得罪的人就是那两位海沟村贵客了？”海草村长老之一叹息。
"Island master, it seems that the people who Fu Qiqi offended are those two distinguished guests from Trench Village?" One of the Seagrass Village elders sighed.
“一样的症状，不是他们还能是谁？”这位和富德家有近亲关系，富德的堂伯，说话很呛。
"The same symptoms, who else could they be?" This cousin, who is a close relative of Fude's family and Fude, speaks very chokingly.
“这也不知道哪里来的横人，竟然欺负到我们海草岛头上！当我们海草岛没人吗？”说话的是富德的弟弟。
"I don't know where this came from, and they actually bullied our seagrass island! When there is no one on Seagrass Island? "It was Fude's younger brother who spoke.
“那是异术师！我们还只有一位武师，你们觉得我们要怎么对付他们？”和富德家不对付的管事冷笑质问。
"That's a magician! We only have one martial artist, what do you think we should do with them? The steward who didn't deal with the Fude family sneered and asked.
“强龙不压地头蛇，他们就算是异术师，也太过分了。富奇器可是岛上唯一的药师学徒，他老师知道这件事也不会放过那两个人。”
"Strong dragons don't suppress the head snakes, even if they are magicians, they are too much. Fu Qiqi was the only pharmacist apprentice on the island, and his teacher knew about it and would not let those two people go. ”
“富奇器老师真的能给他出头？” "Teacher Fuqiqi can really give him a header?"
“你这话是什么意思？” "What do you mean by that?"
“你认为是什么意思就是什么意思。” "What you think it means is what it means."
“自己人吵什么，都别吵了。要么我们去佣兵公会发布任务，挂出奖赏，让那些佣兵对付那两人。那两个也就那个纹面男难对付一些，另外一个就是小孩子，据说也是药师学徒。岛主你认为呢？”富德的堂伯建议。
"Whatever your own people are arguing about, don't argue. Either we go to the Mercenary Guild and post a quest, put out a reward, and let those mercenaries deal with those two. Those two are also difficult to deal with with the tattooed man, and the other is a child, who is also said to be an apprentice of a pharmacist. What do you think, owner? Fude's cousin suggested.
“哼，怪不得呢，说不定那小兔崽子就是妒忌我们奇器，故意使坏害他。”富德弟弟道。
"Hmph, no wonder, maybe that little rabbit cub is jealous of our strange weapon and deliberately harms him." Fude's younger brother said.
“你们想发布任务就发布任务，但不能用岛屿和村子的名义，悬赏的赏金也你们自己出。”长老道。
"You can post a mission if you want to, but you can't use the name of the island or village, and you can pay the bounty yourself." The elder said.
“啊？凭什么！我们富德和奇器为了村子做了多少事，现在他们遇到事，村子就不管了？岛主，你看他们！”
"Huh? Why! How much have we done for the village, and now that they have encountered something, the village will not care? Lords, look at them! ”
富秀山不想理睬富德家的亲朋好友，他开始质问管理队员，让他们务必要说实话，不能有一丝隐瞒，威胁他们如果发现他们有一个字不真实，就把他们全部从管理队中开除，以后海草岛任何福利都和他们无关。
Fu Xiushan didn't want to pay attention to the relatives and friends of the Fude family, he began to question the management team, telling them to tell the truth and not hide anything, threatening them to expel them all from the management team if they found that one of their words was not true, and any welfare on Seagrass Island would have nothing to do with them in the future.
管理队的人被吓住，没人敢说谎，也没人敢偏颇，把事情经过一五一十全说了。
The people in the management team were frightened, no one dared to lie, and no one dared to be biased, and told everything that had happened.
富秀山并没有只听管理队单方面的讲述，他还让人去集市找当时看热闹的人，和海沟村附近摊点的岛民，询问他们事情经过。
Fu Xiushan did not just listen to the unilateral narration of the management team, he also asked people to go to the market to find the people who were watching the excitement at that time, and the islanders at the stalls near Haigou Village, and ask them what happened.
两下对照，事情真相就全出来了。 After two comparisons, the truth of the matter will come out.
富秀山知道富德因为晋级成为武师，并且儿子成为药师学徒后，就有点骄狂，他以前也听过有人跟他提起富德在集市里对附近邻居和一些小商贩很是跋扈的事。
Fu Xiushan knew that Fu De had become a martial artist because he had been promoted to become a martial artist and that his son had become a pharmacist apprentice, and he had heard people tell him before that Fu De was very aggressive to his neighbors and some small traders in the market.
但看在富奇器这个村里唯一的药师学徒，和富德本身是村里唯二的武师之一的份上，加上集市一直没出什么大事，他就睁只眼闭只眼，还多给了富德一些权力，就是为了留住这对父子，让他们心向着海草村。
But for the sake of Fu Qiqi, the only pharmacist apprentice in the village, and Fu De himself is one of the only two martial artists in the village, plus the market has not happened to any major incidents, he turned a blind eye and gave Fu De some more power, just to keep the father and son and make them yearn for Seagrass Village.
再说富德和富奇器这对父子，对村人也许有点摆架子，但绝称不上跋扈。就是因为他们把内外态度分得很清楚，富秀山才能忍到现在。
Besides, the father and son of Fude and Fuqiqi may be a bit of a shower to the villagers, but they are by no means domineering. It is because they have a clear distinction between internal and external attitudes that Fu Xiushan can endure until now.
谁想到这对父子竟然这么不长眼地得罪了不该得罪的人。
Who would have thought that this father and son would offend people who shouldn't be offended so inconspicuously.
“那就是海沟村，谁能想到他们还有两个贵客……”管理队小头目不服气地道。
"That's Trench Village, who would have thought they would have two more distinguished guests......" The small leader of the management team said unconvinced.
富秀山环视所有在座的管事，竟然发现不少人都露出一副“没想到富德能在海沟村身上碰壁”的神情。
Fu Xiushan looked around at all the stewards present, and found that many people showed a look of "I didn't expect Fude to hit a wall in Haigou Village".
他们海草村人什么时候变得这么自大了？还都理所当然地认为他们比附近岛民高上一等？
When did they become so arrogant? Or take it for granted that they are superior to the nearby islanders?
富秀山后背一阵发冷，脑子更像是被冷水浇过一样，一些被他忽视的问题全都浮上脑海。
Fu Xiushan's back was cold, his brain was more like being doused with cold water, and some questions that he ignored all came to mind.
不止村人的想法有问题，他对富德父子的态度也很有问题。甚至可以说，富德父子会变成这样，一多半就是村民和他给纵容出来的！
Not only is there something wrong with the villagers' ideas, but also with his attitude towards Fude's father and son. It can even be said that Fude's father and son will become like this, and most of them are connived at by the villagers and him!
“是啊，谁能想到一个小穷岛也能翻身。就像五十年前，谁能想到我们能把海草岛经营的这么好？莫欺少年穷，我们都忘了这句话。”富秀山自言自语一样说道。
"yes, who would have thought that a small poor island could be turned over. Just like 50 years ago, who would have thought that we would be able to run Seagrass Island so well? Don't bully the poor youth, we have all forgotten this sentence. Fu Xiushan said as if talking to himself.
小头目张口结舌，过了会儿，低下了头。 The little leader stammered, and after a while, lowered his head.
其他村人，有些也露出了若有所思的神情，但还有不少人一脸不以为意。
Some of the other villagers also showed thoughtful expressions, but many of them looked unimpressed.
富秀山揉了揉额头，海草村该做一些改变了，就从现在、从这件事开始吧。
Fu Xiushan rubbed his forehead, Seagrass Village should make some changes, just start from now and from this matter.
富秀山当即让人准备了一份厚礼，起身道：“走吧，村老和我一起去集市拜见那两位海沟村贵客。这事越早解决越好。”
Fu Xiushan immediately asked people to prepare a generous gift, got up and said, "Let's go, the village elder and I will go to the market to meet the two distinguished guests of Haigou Village." The sooner this matter is resolved, the better. ”
富德家的人不高兴了，叫嚣：“拜见？还要带厚礼？凭什么！”
The people of the Fude family were unhappy and shouted: "Meet? Do you want to bring a generous gift? Why! ”
富秀山再次没有理睬他们，直接带着村老离开。 Fu Xiushan ignored them again and left directly with the village elder.
富德家的人聚成一团，气得不住埋怨岛主。 The people of the Fude family gathered together, and they couldn't help but complain about the island owner.
富德的堂伯忽然道：“富德废了，他再也不能修武。奇器又是那个样子，如果对方不愿出手救治，他也只剩下嘴巴能说话。如果你是岛主，你会怎么对待他们父子？”
Fude's cousin suddenly said: "Fude is abolished, he can no longer cultivate martial arts." The strange weapon is like that again, if the other party is unwilling to help, he only has his mouth to speak. If you were the owner of the island, what would you do to their father and son? ”
所有富德家的亲戚都闭嘴了，他们直到此时才清楚地意识到：富德和他的儿子富奇器都失去了他们依仗的本事，从此，他们再没有利用价值，就跟普通村人差不多，甚至还不如。
All the relatives of the Fude family shut up, and they only realized clearly at this time: Fude and his son Fuqi had lost the ability they relied on, and from then on, they no longer had any use value, just like ordinary villagers, or even worse.
不到两分钟，富德家的亲戚全都各自找借口离开，这时候谁再和岛主唱反调，那才是傻瓜。
In less than two minutes, all the relatives of the Fude family made excuses to leave, and whoever disagreed with the island owner at this time would be a fool.
至于富德和他儿子，就看他们的运气吧，自求多福。 As for Fude and his son, let it be up to their luck, and ask for their own blessings.
而富德和富奇器此时还不知道他们已经变相的被他们的村人甚至亲戚都放弃了。
And Fude and Fuqiqi didn't know at this time that they had been abandoned by their villagers and even relatives in disguise.
富奇器还在和他母亲哭闹叫骂，让赶紧找人救治他，又说再这样他就不活了，还不如一头撞死的好。
Fu Qiqi was still crying and scolding his mother, so he asked him to find someone to treat him quickly, and said that if he did this again, he would not live, and it would be better to die head-on.
他母亲刚刚知道丈夫被打成废人，正不知如何是好，见儿子还拼命闹，当即一屁股坐到地上嚎啕大哭：“我们家这是做了什么孽啊！”
His mother had just learned that her husband had been beaten into a waste, and she didn't know what to do, but when she saw that her son was still desperately making trouble, she immediately sat on the ground and cried: "What kind of sin has our family done!" ”
另一头，陆天城也见到了跑回来的团员。 On the other side, Lu Tiancheng also saw the members who ran back.
这三人一回来就告状，说的话全都只对他们有利，把海沟村人和雷木王叶都描述成了海盗和帮凶。
As soon as the three of them returned, they complained, and all of them were said in their favor, describing both the Trench Village and the Thunderwood King Ye as pirates and accomplices.
听说自己的心腹小洲闹出事，还到现在没能回来，陆天城就有点急了。
Hearing that his henchman Xiaozhou had an accident and had not been able to come back until now, Lu Tiancheng was a little anxious.
他并没有完全相信三名队员说的话，所以他决定亲自去看看情况，正好也给他一个接近那对兄弟的理由。
He didn't fully believe what the three team members were saying, so he decided to go and see the situation for himself, which happened to give him a reason to get closer to the brothers.
陆天城在出发前就做好打算，不管这件事他的人是对是错，他都会赔礼。
Lu Tiancheng had made a plan before he set off, no matter whether he was right or wrong in this matter, he would apologize.
两方人马几乎前后脚到了集市海沟村的棕榈屋跟前。 The two sides almost reached the palm house in the village of the trench, the market.
听说岛主富秀山亲自带人来了，村长和船锚就一起出去了。
I heard that the owner of the island, Fu Xiushan, personally brought people here, so the village chief and the anchor went out together.
他们原本以为富秀山是过来斥责他们，至少也不会有什么好话，更可能是告诉他们以后让他们别来集市。
They originally thought that Fu Xiushan was coming to reprimand them, at least there would be nothing good to say, and it was more likely to tell them not to come to the market in the future.
谁想，富秀山竟然是来赔礼道歉的，还带着不少礼物，说是用来赔偿富德打伤海沟村人以及损坏的货物。并向他们保证海沟岛来客只要能遵守集市规则，那么海草岛就永远欢迎海沟村人前来集市。
Who would have thought that Fu Xiushan actually came to apologize, and brought a lot of gifts, saying that it was to compensate Fude for injuring the people of Trench Village and the damaged goods. And assure them that as long as the visitors of Trench Island can abide by the rules of the market, then Seagrass Island will always welcome the people of Trench Village to come to the market.
富秀山又重点说明富德没有那个资格说驱赶谁的话，并表明这件事是富德和管理队理亏，没做好集市管理者应该做的事，他已经给予惩罚。
Fu Xiushan also emphasized that Fude did not have the qualifications to say who to drive away, and said that Fude and the management team were responsible for this matter, and he had already punished him for not doing what the market manager should do.
以后富德将不会再担任集市管理队队长一职，之前跟他一起过来的头目之类也全都不能再做头目，其他普通队员也都各有惩罚。
In the future, Fude will no longer serve as the captain of the market management team, and the leaders who came with him before will no longer be able to be leaders, and the other ordinary team members will also have their own punishments.
海草岛所有集市相关管事也都被警告，不准仗势欺人，更不准吃拿卡要。
All the market-related stewards of Seagrass Island were also warned not to bully others, let alone eat and take cards.
富秀山又对村长和船锚郑重道谢，感谢附近岛屿岛民对海草岛集市的支持，更感谢邻居们对海草岛的认可和信任，希望邻居们不要因为个别人就把海草岛人都当坏蛋看。
Fu Xiushan also solemnly thanked the village chief and the anchor, thanked the nearby island islanders for their support to the Seagrass Island Market, and thanked the neighbors for their recognition and trust in Seagrass Island, hoping that the neighbors would not treat the people of Seagrass Island as bad guys because of a few people.
堂堂一个岛主把自己摆的这么低，村长和船锚就是再有气，也不好对他发。何况他们一直都对海草岛人印象不错，还经常跟王叶他们说海草岛人对邻居们比较厚道。
A dignified island owner puts himself so low, no matter how angry the village chief and the anchor are, it is not easy to attack him. What's more, they have always had a good impression of the Seagrass Island people, and they often told Wang Ye that the Seagrass Island people are more kind to their neighbors.
只不过两人也十分明白，如果没有王叶和雷木，人岛主会亲自来见他们？还会给他们赔礼道歉？做梦想一下还差不多。
It's just that the two of them also understand very well that if there is no Wang Ye and Lei Mu, the human island master will come to see them in person? Will they apologize? It's pretty much the same to dream about.
富秀山的态度也让村长和船锚更坚定培养村人的决心。没有自己的武力，等王叶和雷木离去，他们海沟村还是原来那个海沟村，只有他们自己强大起来，才能真正站稳脚跟并让人不敢轻忽欺压。
Fu Xiushan's attitude also made the village chief and the anchor more determined to train the villagers. Without their own force, when Wang Ye and Lei Mu leave, their Trench Village will still be the same Trench Village, only when they themselves become stronger, can they really gain a firm foothold and make people dare not ignore and oppress.
至于另外一行人，直接就说他们是来拜访药师学徒和他兄长，村长和船锚不能做王叶两人的主，让人进屋询问得到允许后，就让陆天城一行到棕榈屋后院去找两人。
As for the other group, they directly said that they were here to visit the pharmacist apprentice and his brother, and the village chief and the anchor could not be the masters of Wang Ye and the two, so after letting people enter the house to ask and get permission, they asked Lu Tiancheng and his party to go to the backyard of the palm house to find the two of them.
富秀山也很想拜访王叶和雷木，但现在挽回海草岛声誉更重要，这也是他没有要求进棕榈屋，而是就站在屋外向海沟村村长等人道歉的原因。周围人都看着呢。
Fu Xiushan also wanted to visit Wang Ye and Lei Mu, but now it was more important to save the reputation of Seagrass Island, which is why he did not ask to enter the Palm House, but stood outside the house to apologize to the head of Haigou Village and others. Everyone around me is watching.
陆天城被领进后院，不到十分钟就出来了，出来时他手上拎着一个麻袋，脸色更是极为难看。
Lu Tiancheng was led into the backyard and came out in less than ten minutes, and when he came out, he was carrying a sack in his hand, and his face was even more ugly.
陆天城把麻袋拎回住处，单独和那麻袋待了半个小时，据说那半小时里，里面不断传来惨叫和求饶声。
Lu Tiancheng carried the sack back to his residence and stayed alone with the sack for half an hour, and it is said that during that half hour, screams and begging for mercy were constantly heard from inside.
之后，陆天城就让人把那麻袋扔了。 After that, Lu Tiancheng asked people to throw the sack.
有人偷偷去海边把那被扔入海里的麻袋捞上来，打开来看。
Someone secretly went to the beach and scooped up the sack that had been thrown into the sea, and opened it to see.
看得人倒吸一口凉气。 It made people gasp.
麻袋里面是个人，但现在几乎已经没有了人的模样，完全就是一堆烂肉碎骨，也不知死前受到了多大的折磨。
Inside the sack was a person, but now there was almost no human appearance, it was just a pile of rotten flesh and bones, and I don't know how much torture he had suffered before he died.
当天傍晚，佣兵公会就多出了一个寻药任务，要求药物能克制和解除一种专门破坏气种和腐蚀骨骼的毒药。
In the evening of the same day, the Mercenary Guild had an additional task to find medicine, requiring medicine to restrain and disarm a poison that specializes in destroying qi and corroding bones.
这个任务赏金很高，一发布出来，就被送到任务墙最显眼的位置。
The bounty for this quest is high, and as soon as it is released, it is sent to the most prominent position on the quest wall.
可不少懂点药学知识的佣兵见到这个任务就直摇头，不说破坏气种的毒药，就单说腐蚀骨骼的毒药，其解药都十分难得。
But many mercenaries who know a little about medicine shook their heads when they saw this task, not to mention the poison that destroys the qi species, but only the poison that corrodes the bones, and its antidote is very rare.
如果这个任务在大城市发布，那么还有被大药师以上药师看到、进而出手的可能，但在这个偏僻小岛屿的集市，基本上就别指望了，除非有人身上恰好带了这样的宝药。
If this quest is released in a big city, then there is still a possibility that it will be seen by a pharmacist above the great pharmacist and then make a move, but in the bazaar of this remote island, basically don't count on it, unless someone happens to have such a treasure medicine on them.
但谁有这样的宝药，不自己藏着掖着？ But who has such a treasure medicine and doesn't hide it for himself?
这可是一条命！谁能保证自己或亲朋好友不会中这种霸道又阴险的毒？
It's a life! Who can guarantee that they or their relatives and friends will not fall for this domineering and insidious poison?
不过发布任务的人也没只在这一处发布，而是付了更高的手续费，请佣兵公会把这个任务发布到总任务榜中，这样只要有佣兵公会站点的地方就会看到这条任务。
However, the person who posted the quest did not only post it here, but paid a higher fee and asked the Mercenary Guild to post this quest to the general quest list, so that as long as there is a Mercenary Guild site, this quest will be seen.
远在春木上国的糜滨因为一直关注“情敌”，陆天城这个任务一发布，他就知道了。
Mi Bin, who is far away in the country of Chunmu, has always paid attention to the "rival in love", and as soon as Lu Tiancheng's mission was released, he knew it.
虽然任务发布者匿名了，但糜滨一看任务内容，就能猜出是陆天城发布的任务。
Although the task publisher is anonymous, Mi Bin can guess that it is a task issued by Lu Tiancheng as soon as he looks at the content of the mission.
毕竟既能破坏气种、又能腐蚀骨骼的毒药也不是那么好配置的，而糜滨对自己研制出来的毒药非常有信心，并认为没有几个人能做出如此绝妙的毒药。
After all, poisons that can not only destroy qi but also corrode bones are not so easy to deploy, and Mi Bin is very confident in the poison he has developed, and thinks that few people can make such a wonderful poison.
“没想到这么快就发现了，也不是特别蠢嘛。”糜滨露出阴狠的笑，“不过现在才开始找解药，太迟了。陆天城，我让你跟我抢女人，那你就好好尝尝变成废人再疼痛至死的滋味吧！”
"I didn't expect to find out so quickly, and I'm not particularly stupid." Mi Bin smiled grimly, "But it's too late to start looking for an antidote now." Lu Tiancheng, I'll let you rob a woman with me, then you can taste the taste of becoming a waste person and then suffering to death! ”
当天傍晚，天空还很明亮，海草岛码头最大一艘海船上就挂出了几十盏彩色魔法灯，把整艘船装点的特别亮眼。
In the evening, the sky was still bright, and dozens of colorful magic lights were hung on the largest sea boat at the Seagrass Island Pier, which decorated the whole ship very brightly.
同时大海船放下了宽大的船板，到了晚上六点整，持有请柬的人便开始上船。
At the same time, the ship lowered its wide planks, and at six o'clock in the evening the people with the invitations began to board.
有些人看着好奇，也想上船看看，但还没有踏上船板，就被大船的护卫们拦住，说明只有持有请柬才能上船。
Some people looked curious and wanted to get on the boat to have a look, but before they could step on the board, they were stopped by the guards of the big ship, indicating that they could only board the ship with an invitation.
有人自恃身份感到被慢待，但在看到检查请柬的人竟然最低都佩有初级武师徽章，敢闹事的就没几个了。
Some people feel that they are being treated slowly, but when they see that the people who check the invitations actually wear the minimum junior martial artist badge, there are few who dare to make trouble.
王叶踩着点儿跳起来，“做好了，好久没做，手都有点生了，幸好药草能凑齐。现在几点了？我们是不是要迟到了？”
Wang Ye jumped up a little bit, "It's done, I haven't done it for a long time, my hands are a little raw, fortunately, the herbs can be gathered." What time is it? Are we going to be late? ”
正在练功的雷木收功睁眼，看了眼天色，道：“是迟了，但应该迟不了太多。”
Lei Mu, who was practicing, opened his eyes, looked at the sky, and said, "It's late, but it shouldn't be too late." ”
“那赶紧走，得赶在拍卖会开始前把我们的东西交给拍卖会。”王叶把刚做好的药丸装到小药瓶里，随手塞给雷木。
"Then hurry up, we need to hand over our things to the auction before the auction starts." Wang Ye put the freshly made pill into a small medicine bottle and stuffed it into Lei Mu.
“时间太紧，一共就做了三颗。两颗我们留着以防万一，一颗拿去拍卖。”王叶对陆天城感觉一般，加上雷木不希望他招惹一个不好招惹还会用毒的阴险小人，他就没有跟陆天城说他能救他。
"The time was too tight, so I made a total of three. We'll keep two just in case, and one will be auctioned. Wang Ye felt average about Lu Tiancheng, and Lei Mu didn't want him to provoke a sinister villain who was not easy to provoke and would use poison, so he didn't tell Lu Tiancheng that he could save him.
但看在陆天城拎着礼物来道歉的份上——不管对方心里真实想法是什么，他受到实惠是真，于是他特意点出让陆天城一定要来参加今晚的拍卖会。
But for the sake of Lu Tiancheng carrying a gift to apologize - no matter what the other party really thought in his heart, it was true that he was benefited, so he specially ordered Lu Tiancheng to come to tonight's auction.
如果陆天城今晚不来，那只能说他命中就和解药无缘。上辈子他就没听说过陆天城这号人物，想来上辈子这时候陆天城压根没有找到能给他解毒的人，最后九成九死在了糜滨的毒药之下。
If Lu Tiancheng doesn't come tonight, it can only be said that he will miss the antidote. In his previous life, he had never heard of Lu Tiancheng, and when he came to his previous life, Lu Tiancheng did not find anyone who could detoxify him, and finally died under Mibin's poison.
“好。”雷木觉得自己的接受能力越来越好，在外边求也求不到的药物，竟然就这么给小叶子轻轻松松做了出来，还一做就是三颗。
"Okay." Lei Mu felt that his receptivity was getting better and better, and he couldn't ask for the medicine outside, so he made it easily for Xiao Yezi, and he made three of them.
雷木想到他对药师的认识，总觉得小叶子现在在制药方面的能力绝不是一个学徒能打住的，最起码也得是高级药师级别。
Lei Mu thought of his understanding of pharmacists, and always felt that Xiao Yezi's current ability in pharmaceuticals was by no means something that an apprentice could stop, at least at the level of a senior pharmacist.
但小叶子才八岁啊，八岁的高级药师，传出去得吓死多少人？不，应该是根本没人相信吧。
But Xiao Yezi is only eight years old, an eight-year-old senior pharmacist, how many people are scared to death when it is passed out? No, no one believed it at all.
第52章 船上交易会 Chapter 52: Ship Fair
王叶心情十分好，一来他没有浪费任务，做成这笔，不但能赚到钱，还能赚到经验值和因果之力。二来，他的钱眼看着就多了起来，这也能让他选一些好材料来制作因果武器。
Wang Ye was in a very good mood, first, he didn't waste the task, and if he did this, he could not only earn money, but also earn experience points and the power of cause and effect. Second, he has more money, which can also allow him to choose some good materials to make causal weapons.
这让他在上船时遇到海草岛岛主一行，也保持了笑脸。 This made him meet the owner of Seagrass Island and his party when he got on the boat, and he also kept a smile.
当然，他的笑脸不是对着海草岛人，而是对着雷木。 Of course, his smiling face was not directed at the Seagrass Islanders, but at Raimu.
富秀山却特意从船板上走下来，过来跟两人打招呼。 Fu Xiushan deliberately stepped down from the board of the boat and came over to greet the two.
之前他去跟海沟村人道歉，因为王叶忙着制作解药，就没见他。
Before that, he went to apologize to the people of Haigou Village, because Wang Ye was busy making the antidote, so he didn't see him.
富秀山不认识王叶，但他身边的人认识，看到王叶和雷木，就跟富秀山说了两人身份。
Fu Xiushan didn't know Wang Ye, but the people around him knew, and when he saw Wang Ye and Lei Mu, he told Fu Xiushan about their identities.
富秀山一看两人也有请柬，顿时更对两人高看三分。 Fu Xiushan saw that the two of them also had invitations, and suddenly looked up to the two of them by three points.
今晚这个在最大商船上召开的交易会，可不是谁都能上来，要么你得有钱，要么你得有身份，要么你就得有拿得出手的宝贝。
Tonight's trade fair on the largest merchant ship is not for everyone, either you have to have money, or you have to have status, or you have to have a treasure.
富秀山特意跟王叶打招呼，还存了一个心思。 Fu Xiushan specially greeted Wang Ye and had a thought.
富奇器得罪了这对兄弟，八成是要和他父亲一样废掉了，那么他们海草岛就没了正式的药师学徒，而以富奇器的性子，恐怕宁可把那些药草知识烂在肚子里，也不会愿意教导村人。
Fu Qi Qi offended the two brothers, and eighty percent of them were going to be abolished like his father, so they would have no formal pharmacist apprentices on Seagrass Island, and with Fu Qi Qi's temperament, I am afraid that they would rather rot those medicinal herb knowledge in their stomachs than be willing to teach the villagers.
既然如此，村里就很有必要再寻找一个药师学徒，如果是药师那就更好。
In this case, it is necessary for the village to find another pharmacist apprentice, and if it is a pharmacist, it is even better.
为什么不说培养？ Why not talk about cultivating?
因为药师就不是那么容易培养的，首先你得找到愿意收你的药师，还要有丰厚的家产，这年头想要学什么你都得花钱，尤其是像药师这样吃香的职业。
Because pharmacists are not so easy to train, first of all, you have to find pharmacists who are willing to accept you, and you also have to have a good family property, and you have to spend money on everything you want to learn in these years, especially a popular profession like a pharmacist.
拜师就得花一笔钱。 Apprenticeship costs a sum of money.
求学期间更是要按时给老师贡上各种节日礼物，其实就是缴学费。
During the study period, it is necessary to pay various holiday gifts to the teacher on time, which is actually to pay the tuition fee.
而学习药草更需要大量的药草练手，这些药草可都得自己买，做老师的一般很少提供。
Learning herbs requires a lot of herb practice, and these herbs have to be bought by themselves, and teachers generally rarely provide them.
也有专门的药师学校，但那种学校不说考进去十分困难，就是学费也不是一般人能付得起，更因为路途遥远，只能照顾到周边地区。
There are also specialized pharmacist schools, but not to mention that it is very difficult to get in, even the tuition fees are not affordable for ordinary people, and because of the long distance, they can only take care of the surrounding areas.
所以双月星人想要成为药师，绝大多数还是找个药师甚至是药师学徒来拜师学艺。
Therefore, if the people of the Double Moon Star want to become a pharmacist, most of them still find a pharmacist or even a pharmacist apprentice to learn the arts.
可就算你找到愿意教你的老师，并且有支持你学习的财力，最后能否学成还得看你的天赋和运气。
But even if you find a teacher who is willing to teach you and has the financial resources to support your learning, it depends on your talent and luck whether you can succeed in the end.
海草村有钱后，送出去学习各种技艺的人每年都不会少于三五人，但真正学成并愿意回到岛上的，除了武者以外，药师学徒至今也只有一个富奇器。
After Seagrass Village has money, there will be no less than three or five people sent out to learn various skills every year, but those who have really learned and are willing to return to the island, in addition to the martial artists, the pharmacist apprentice has only one Fuqi weapon so far.
培养的路暂时走不通，那就只能找个现成的。 The path of cultivation can't go for the time being, so you can only find a ready-made one.
富秀山在详细打听了海沟村两位贵客的情况后，心里就冒出了一个想法。
After inquiring in detail about the situation of the two distinguished guests in Haigou Village, Fu Xiushan had an idea in his heart.
在他看来王叶只是一个小孩子，他既然能被海沟村人笼络，那自然也能接受其他人的笼络。
In his opinion, Wang Ye is just a child, since he can be encircled by the people of Haigou Village, he can naturally accept the entrapment of others.
他们海草村怎么说基本条件也比海沟村好得多，富秀山相信如果他们能对王叶足够恭敬，并愿意付出让他满意的酬劳，小孩说不定就会留在他们海草岛。
The basic conditions of their Seagrass Village are much better than those of Haigou Village, and Fu Xiushan believes that if they can be respectful enough to Wang Ye and are willing to pay him a satisfactory reward, the child may stay on their Seagrass Island.
当然，除了王叶自己的想法，他身边那个宛如护卫一般的兄长的意见也很重要，也是他要攻克的目标。
Of course, in addition to Wang Ye's own thoughts, the opinion of the brother who was like a guard by his side was also very important, and it was also the goal he wanted to overcome.
富秀山也不是特别急，他愿意给出时间让两人考虑，并让他们看到海草岛的诚意。
Fu Xiushan is not particularly anxious, he is willing to give time for the two to think about it, and let them see the sincerity of Seagrass Island.
王叶就听这位海草岛岛主对他一个小孩子说了许多能让人尴尬得抠出一个游泳池的恭维话。
Wang Ye listened to the owner of Seagrass Island say a lot of compliments to a child that could make people embarrassed to pull out a swimming pool.
如果他真是一个小孩子，这时候恐怕早就被夸得飘起来，或者羞红脸？
If he was really a child, I am afraid that he would have been praised at this time, or blushed?
可惜他就是刷绿漆装嫩的老梆子，脸皮厚比地球直径，对于这位的夸奖全盘接受，没有半点不良反应。
It's a pity that he is an old man who pretends to be tender with green paint, and his skin is thicker than the diameter of the earth.
富秀山又夸又捧说了很久，结果两兄弟，大的没有丝毫反应，小的则昂着脑袋不时点头附和“就是”、“没错”、“你说的太对了，我就是这么了不起”。
Fu Xiushan praised and praised for a long time, but the two brothers, the eldest did not react in the slightest, and the younger one held his head high and nodded from time to time in echo, "Yes", "That's right", "What you said is so right, I'm so amazing".
最后导致他这个夸人的都快尴尬地说不下去。 In the end, he was embarrassed to say it.
“听说二位在鄙村租了一个院子居住？如果二位喜欢海草岛的风景，我们非常欢迎二位来常住。二位喜欢岛上房屋的风格吗？要不就照样子给两位新建一座？要多大？比现在的院子大三倍，再带五亩药田如何？”
"I heard that the two of you rented a yard to live in the village? If you like the view of Seagrass Island, you are more than welcome to come and stay for a permanent stay. Do you like the style of the houses on the island? Why don't you build a new one for the two of you? How big is it to be? It's three times bigger than the current yard, and how about bringing another five acres of medicine fields? ”
王叶特别诚实地说：“你们岛留不住我，我和我哥是属于星辰大海的。海沟村人让我做岛主，我都不愿意。”
Wang Ye said very honestly: "Your island can't keep me, my brother and I belong to the sea of stars." The people of Trench Village asked me to be the owner of the island, but I didn't want to. ”
富秀山：“……” Fu Xiushan: "......"
王叶见富秀山再也说不下去，找了个借口就匆忙带着海草岛人离开，嘴角翘了翘。
Wang Ye saw that Fu Xiushan couldn't talk anymore, so he made an excuse and hurriedly left with the people of Seagrass Island, and the corners of his mouth curled.
雷木也露出了淡淡的笑容。小叶子真的不同于一般的小孩子，如果富秀山或其他什么人把他当小孩子哄，那最后被“哄”的还不知道是谁。
Remu also showed a faint smile. Xiao Yezi is really different from ordinary children, if Fu Xiushan or someone else coaxes him as a child, then I don't know who was "coaxed" in the end.
“两位贵客，交易会在一层甲板和船舱举行，拍卖会在二楼。不过拍卖会的时间要到晚上八点才开始，现在时间还早，两位可以先在一层甲板的交易会上逛逛。另外，还请两位注意，船上不允许任何打斗，如果发生矛盾，要么请下船，要么请找船上侍者调解。”检查过两人请柬的护卫跟两人礼貌解说道。
"Two distinguished guests, the fair will be held on the first deck and cabin, and the auction will be on the second floor. However, the auction will not start until 8 p.m., and it is still early, so the two of you can take a stroll through the trade fair on the first deck. In addition, please note that no fights are allowed on the boat, and if there is a conflict, either disembark or ask the waiter on board to mediate. The guard who had checked the invitation cards of the two men politely explained to the two of them.
“了解。” "Understood."
两人并没有去交易会，而是先上了二楼，找到拍卖会负责人，拿出三样东西要求拍卖。
The two did not go to the fair, but went up to the second floor first, found the person in charge of the auction, and took out three things to ask for auction.
在拿到请柬时，王叶就看到请柬下方注明了拍卖行的名字，这让他对这场拍卖会十分放心。
When he got the invitation, Wang Ye saw the name of the auction house indicated under the invitation, which made him very relieved about this auction.
这场拍卖会的发起人和佣兵公会有莫大关系，说白了，这家拍卖行属于佣兵公会，同时也是双月星最大的拍卖行。
The initiator of this auction has a lot to do with the Mercenary Guild, to put it bluntly, this auction house belongs to the Mercenary Guild, and it is also the largest auction house of Double Moon Star.
有佣兵公会做后台和背书，这个叫做“拍立得”的拍卖行信誉度非常高，王叶上辈子到死为止都没有听过这家拍卖行的负面消息。
There is a mercenary guild to do the backstage and endorsement, this auction house called "Polaroid" has a very high reputation, and Wang Ye has never heard negative news about this auction house until his death in his previous life.
像是一般拍卖行可能会有的暴露拍卖者和拍买者信息、以及黑吃黑的事情，这家拍立得都没有。
For example, the general auction house may have the information of the auctioneer and the auctioneer, as well as the black and black things, this Polaroid does not have.
说来，这家拍卖行的名字也是让王叶长时间以为这个世界就是一个游戏的重要原因之一，会给拍卖行取这样的名字，也只有地球人了，还得是地球华夏人。
Speaking of which, the name of this auction house is also one of the important reasons why Wang Ye thought that this world was a game for a long time, and he would give the auction house such a name, and only the earthlings would be earthlings, and they had to be earthlings.
虽然也有可能是巧合，但这种巧合诞生的概率真的太低太低。
Although it may also be a coincidence, the probability of such a coincidence is really too low and too low.
拍立得的工作人员果然十分专业，接待人在确定他们拿出的三样东西都和药物有关后，就请出了一位药师。
The Polaroid staff was very professional, and after making sure that the three things they took out were all related to medicine, they hired a pharmacist.
但药师并没有见到王叶和雷木，他只在室内负责鉴定送拍的材料。
However, the pharmacist did not see Wang Ye and Lei Mu, and he was only responsible for appraising the materials submitted for auction indoors.
没多久，工作人员就得到回复，热情地对两人说道：“非常荣幸两位能选择鄙拍卖行，这是我们的鉴定人员对两位送拍物品的初步鉴定价，也是上拍卖会的底价。因为两位送拍的物品属于珍品，两位可以选择两种拍卖方式，一种是让鄙行买断，一种是拍卖。”
It didn't take long for the staff to get a reply and enthusiastically said to the two: "It's a great honor for the two of you to choose the auction house, which is the preliminary appraisal price of the two items submitted for auction by our appraisers, and it is also the reserve price for the auction." Because the items submitted for auction belong to treasures, the two can choose two auction methods, one is to let the disdainful bank buy out, and the other is auction. ”
王叶看了底价，还算满意。负责鉴定的人有两把刷子，没看走眼。
Wang Ye looked at the reserve price and was quite satisfied. The person in charge of the appraisal had two brushes and didn't look away.
工作人员恰到好处地停顿一下，继续道：“如果选择前者，二位无需付出任何手续费，鄙行会按照鉴定价立即结算。”
The staff paused appropriately and continued: "If you choose the former, you don't need to pay any handling fees, and you will settle it immediately according to the appraisal price. ”
“如果选择后者，鄙行不会付出任何费用，只会出具一张收到拍品的魔法证明单。因为两位持有的是贵宾邀请函，拍卖手续费将会减半，只收取百分之五。不过选择后者很有可能流拍，对于流拍的拍品，鄙行会按照鉴定价收取手续费，还请理解。”
"If you choose the latter, you won't pay anything, you will only be issued a magic certificate of receipt of the lot. Since the two are in possession of VIP invitations, the auction fee will be halved to only 5%. However, if you choose the latter, it is very likely that the auction will be unsuccessful, and for the unsold lots, you will charge a handling fee according to the appraisal price, please understand. ”
王叶在雷木手掌心画了个数字2。 Wang Ye drew a number 2 on the palm of Lei Mu's hand.
雷木：“我们选择拍卖。” Remu: "We choose the auction. ”
“好的，请稍等。” "Okay, wait a minute."
等了大约五分钟，两人拿到了拍立得出具的魔法收据。 After waiting for about five minutes, the two got their hands on the magic receipt from the Polaroid.
收据上除了拍卖行相关经手人的签名，另具有拍品的详细信息，还包括一张立体还能观看多个角度的魔法照片。
In addition to the signature of the person who handled the auction house, the receipt also contains details of the lot, as well as a three-dimensional magic photo that can be viewed from multiple angles.
这样的魔法收据，本身就价值不菲，有时拍品的价格还不如这张收据，不过借此也能看出拍立得的财大气粗。
Such a magic receipt is worth a lot of money in itself, and sometimes the price of the lot is not as good as this receipt, but it also shows the wealth of the Polaroid.
距离拍卖会还有一段时间，两人就去一楼逛交易会了。 There was still some time before the auction, and the two went to the first floor to visit the fair.
一楼现在已经很热闹，宛如展销会一样的摊点在甲板上面对面摆开，更贵重的则在船舱中。
The ground floor is now bustling with showcase-like stalls facing each other on the deck, and the more expensive ones in the cabins.
王叶在一个卖木料的摊点前停下脚步。 Wang Ye stopped in front of a stall selling wood.
因为摊位有限，摊主拿出的都是不大的样品，一块块颜色和质地各异的方形木块就摆在亚麻桌布上。
Because of the limited number of stalls, the stall owners brought out small samples, square wooden blocks of different colors and textures on linen tablecloths.
王叶挨个拿起自己感兴趣的木料，一一感受。 Wang Ye picked up the woods he was interested in one by one and felt them one by one.
他在市集里也逛过，没找到特别好的木料，而这个摊子上的木料质量就好多了，其中就好几种都很适合做琴身。
He also walked around the market, but he couldn't find any good wood, and the quality of the wood in this stall was much better, and several of them were very suitable for making the body.
“这是黑金紫檀？”王叶拿起一块木料询问。 "This is black gold rosewood?" Wang Ye picked up a piece of wood and asked.
摊主见是一个小孩询问，且穿的衣服只是普通麻料，并不是很热情地回答：“嗯。”还加了一句：“这木料很贵，不是小孩能玩的玩具。”
When the stall owner saw that it was a child and asked about the clothes he was wearing, he didn't reply very enthusiastically: "Yes." He added: "This wood is very expensive, and it is not a toy that children can play with." ”
摊主也看到雷木了，这才没有轰王叶离开。 The stall owner also saw Lei Mu, so he didn't leave Wang Ye.
王叶也不在意对方的态度，“我要买一块两米长、半米厚的黑金紫檀木料，有吗？”
Wang Ye didn't care about the other party's attitude, "I want to buy a piece of black gold rosewood that is two meters long and half a meter thick, is there one?" ”
摊主讶然，又失笑：“小孩，你是不是听你家大人说过黑金紫檀是特别好的木料？那你有没有听过这种木料想要半米厚的除非拼接？”
The stall owner was surprised, and laughed again: "Child, have you heard that your adults have said that black gold rosewood is a particularly good wood?" Have you ever heard of this kind of wood that wants to be half a meter thick unless it is spliced? ”
“知道啊，我这不是想碰碰运气嘛。”王叶耸肩。 "Yes, I didn't mean to try my luck." Wang Ye shrugged.
摊主笑，正好也没其他客人，见小孩又一副人小鬼大的样子，就和他聊起来：“我也想有这样的运气，可目前为止发现的黑金紫檀，最大一颗料的直径也只有二十厘米，就这，两米长的料子，还不保证是直料，最少也要一百个金币。”
The stall owner smiled, and there were no other guests, and when he saw that the child looked like a small ghost, he chatted with him: "I also want to have such luck, but the diameter of the largest piece of black gold rosewood found so far is only twenty centimeters, and this is it, the two-meter-long material is not guaranteed to be a straight material, and it takes at least a hundred gold coins." ”
“那你现在手上最大的黑金紫檀料是什么尺寸？” "Then what is the size of the largest black gold rosewood material you have in your hand right now?"
“一米五长，厚度三厘米。弯料，不直。” "One meter and five long, three centimeters thick. Bent, not straight. ”
“价格？” "Price?"
摊主随口道：“十五金币一张，不还价。” The stall owner said casually: "Fifteen gold coins a piece, no counteroffer." ”
王叶对比了下上辈子知道的黑金紫檀价格，觉得相差不大，就道：“拿出来我看看，如果是真料子，我就买了。”
Wang Ye compared the price of black gold red sandalwood that he knew in his previous life, and felt that there was not much difference, so he said: "Take it out and I'll take a look, if it's the real thing, I'll buy it." ”
摊主惊讶：“你真要买？” The stall owner was surprised: "Do you really want to buy it?" ”
王叶很不可爱地冲道：“你觉得我很闲？闲到逗你玩？”
Wang Ye rushed unlovably: "You think I'm idle? Idle enough to amuse you? ”
摊主立马变了脸，之前的冷淡再也不见，脸上堆满了笑容：“怎么会呢，一看这位小少爷就知道是干大事的，您稍等，我这就让人把木料送过来！保证您是真品，如果有假的，咱也上不了这艘船。”
The stall owner's face immediately changed, the previous coldness was no longer gone, and his face was full of smiles: "How can it be, as soon as I look at this little master, I know that he is doing something big, you wait a minute, I will let someone send the wood over!" Guarantee that you are genuine, if there is a fake, we will not be able to get on this ship. ”
王叶不想干等，还想去其他摊子上看看，摊主怕这个好不容易得来的大主顾跑掉，忙跟他推荐其他木料，又问他买木料是做什么用处，他可以根据王叶的需要帮他推荐适合的木料。
Wang Ye didn't want to wait, but also wanted to go to other stalls to see, the stall owner was afraid that this hard-won big customer would run away, so he was busy recommending other wood to him, and asked him what the use of buying wood was, he could help him recommend suitable wood according to Wang Ye's needs.
王叶用不着摊主介绍，也不需要其他代替木料，拉着雷木的手就去逛其他摊位。
Wang Ye didn't need the stall owner's introduction, and he didn't need anything else to replace the wood, so he took Lei Mu's hand and went to visit other stalls.
摊主很想让王叶留个定金，但王叶走得太快，只好期盼拿货的伙计赶紧把木料送来，又希望其他摊子不会有同样的木料让小孩看中。
The stall owner wanted Wang Ye to keep a deposit, but Wang Ye walked too fast, so he had to hope that the guy who took the goods would send the wood quickly, and hoped that other stalls would not have the same wood for the children to take a fancy to.
还好伙计送木料的速度很快，他们的船只就在隔壁。 Luckily, the guys were fast in delivering the timber, and their boat was right next door.
摊主立刻让伙计看摊子，他跑去找王叶和雷木了。 The stall owner immediately asked the guy to look at the stall, and he ran to find Wang Ye and Lei Mu.
王叶发现了鲸须，这东西也是做琴弦的好材料。 Wang Ye discovered whale baleen, which is also a good material for making strings.
在地球因为对鲸鱼的保护，鲸须琴弦已经极少，而且有了更价廉物美的钢丝琴弦和合金琴弦后，鲸须琴弦就跟丝弦一样逐渐退出了琴弦的选材。
Because of the protection of whales on the earth, there are very few whale baleen strings, and after there are cheaper and better steel wire strings and alloy strings, whale baleen strings have gradually withdrawn from the selection of strings like silk strings.
但游戏世界的鲸鱼刚出生就能算是魔兽，身体蕴含魔力，越大的鲸鱼其魔力等级就越高，用成年鲸鱼鲸须制作的琴弦对能量通导性极佳，对于制作琴弦的人来说，这种材料遇到就不会放过。
But the whale in the game world can be regarded as a monster just after birth, and the body contains magic power, the larger the whale, the higher the magic level, and the strings made of adult whale baleen have excellent conductivity to energy, and for those who make strings, this material will not let go when encountered.
王叶看中的鲸须是一只成年鲸鱼的鲸须，完完全全的原材料，价格也不便宜，只一根就要一个金币。
Wang Ye's fancy's baleen is the baleen of an adult whale, complete raw materials, and the price is not cheap, only one costs a gold coin.
王叶正要购买，就听一个声音说道：“他说错了，是一根一百个金币，不是一根一个金币。”
Wang Ye was about to buy it, when he heard a voice say: "He said it wrong, it's a hundred gold coins, not one gold coin." ”
王叶和雷木一起看向说话人，第一感觉就是这人有点眼熟。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu looked at the speaker together, and their first feeling was that this person was a little familiar.
该摊位的摊主对来人点头哈腰：“东家，您来了。” The stall owner nodded to the visitor: "Boss, you are here." ”
原来来人才是摊主，现在看摊子的只是他的手下伙计。 It turned out that he was the stall owner, and now it is only his subordinates who are watching the stall.
“一百金币一根？你确定你没说错？”王叶掏了掏耳朵。
"A hundred gold coins? Are you sure you're right? Wang Ye plucked his ears.
那摊主恶狠狠地道：“对，你没听错，卖给别人都一根一金币，卖给你们就是一百金币，爱买不买，不买滚蛋！”
The stall owner said viciously: "Yes, you heard it right, if you sell it to others, you will have one gold coin by one, and if you sell it to you, you will have one hundred gold coins, if you like to buy it or not, if you don't buy it, you will get out!" ”
如果这摊主只是卖高价，王叶也无所谓，大不了不买，但他不该加上最后一句。
If the stall owner is just selling at a high price, Wang Ye doesn't care, it's a big deal not to buy it, but he shouldn't add the last sentence.
王叶什么人？ Who is Wang Ye?
他重生了，不代表他就修身养性了。 He was reborn, which does not mean that he has cultivated his self-cultivation.
人的性格如果真那么容易改变，也不会有“江山易改本性难移”这句话出现。
If people's personalities are really so easy to change, there will be no such thing as "the country is easy to change and the nature is difficult to change".
这时王叶和雷木也认出这个摊主是谁，就是那个和他们在蛇岛人摊子抢蟒皮的家伙，当时雷木还因为他用手指指人，给了他一点小教训。
At this time, Wang Ye and Lei Mu also recognized who this stall owner was, it was the guy who grabbed python skins with them in the snake island stall, and Lei Mu also gave him a little lesson because he pointed his finger at people.
第53章 报应啊 Chapter 53: Retribution
“砰！” "Bang!"
摊主呈抛物线飞了出去，噗通落进海里。 The stall owner flew out in a parabola and fell into the sea with a poof.
正要出手的王叶扭头看身边人。 Wang Ye, who was about to make a move, turned his head to look at the people around him.
雷木的拳头刚刚放下，顺势就摸了摸小孩的脑袋，“这种小人，不用跟他讲道理，没用。”
As soon as Lei Mu's fist was put down, he touched the child's head, "This kind of villain, you don't have to reason with him, it's useless." ”
王叶忍笑：“哥，你还让我不要随便招惹小人。” Wang Ye couldn't help but smile: "Brother, you still asked me not to provoke villains casually." ”
雷木表情不变：“哦，我们不主动招惹，但他自己犯贱，那就没办法了。”
Lei Mu's expression remained unchanged: "Oh, we don't take the initiative to provoke, but if he makes a mistake himself, then there is no way." ”
“你们做了什么！？”伙计大喊一声，扑到船舷，对着船上侍者不停喊救救他东家。又转头对王叶两人喊，让他们别跑。
"What did you do!?" The man shouted, threw himself on the side of the boat, and kept shouting to the waiter on the boat for help and save his host. He turned his head and shouted to Wang Ye and the others, telling them not to run.
好多人趴到船舷看热闹，船上水手见有人落水，不得不下去捞人。
Many people went to the side of the boat to watch the excitement, and the sailors on the boat saw that someone had fallen into the water and had to go down to catch people.
王叶和雷木就跟没事人一样转身，正好与木料商人迎面。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu turned around as if nothing happened, just in time to meet the timber merchant.
“两位，我家木料到了。”木料商人忙道。 "Both, my wood has arrived." The timber merchant was busy.
两人就跟着木料商人去了他的摊子。 The two followed the timber merchant to his stall.
王叶接过木料细看，确实是黑金紫檀，看起来像是新料，而且这不是整颗小树，而是截取的一块板材，厚度确实有三厘米，长度也有一米五，但宽度只有十五厘米，最重要的是木料边沿弯曲，如果去掉弯曲部分，能用的直料会少一半。
Wang Ye took the wood and looked at it carefully, it was indeed black gold red sandalwood, it looked like a new material, and this was not a whole small tree, but a piece of cut board, the thickness was indeed three centimeters, the length was also one meter five, but the width was only fifteen centimeters, and the most important thing was that the edge of the wood was curved, if the curved part was removed, the straight material that could be used would be less than half.
摊主一直在观察王叶的神情，见他看得仔细，还略微皱眉，心里就有些忐忑。
The stall owner had been observing Wang Ye's expression, and when he saw him looking carefully, he frowned slightly, and he was a little apprehensive in his heart.
他承认他这块木料确实不算上佳，十五金币也着实喊贵了。这不是他见一个衣着普通的小孩跟他问价，他就随口报了嘛。
He admits that his piece of wood is indeed not very good, and fifteen gold coins are really expensive. Didn't he casually report when he saw a child in ordinary clothes asking him for a price?
谁想小孩真的想买。摊主想着如果小孩挑刺，他就主动降低一两个金币。
Who wants children really want to buy. The stall owner thought that if the child picked on the thorns, he would take the initiative to lower one or two gold coins.
可王叶看过木料，又用手指敲了敲，就跟雷木说：“哥，付钱。”
But Wang Ye saw the wood, knocked it with his finger again, and said to Lei Mu: "Brother, pay." ”
雷木掏出十五金币递给摊主。 Lei Mu took out fifteen gold coins and handed them to the stall owner.
摊主接过金币还有点晕乎，这么容易就买下了？没挑刺？没还价？
The stall owner was still a little dizzy when he took the gold coin, so easy to buy it? Didn't pick a thorn? No counteroffer?
雷木也奇怪小叶子看着明明不太满意，为什么会不还价？
Lei Mu also wondered that Xiao Yezi was obviously not satisfied with it, why didn't he make a counteroffer?
“谢谢惠顾！两位爷还想买什么吗？小的虽专门经营木料，但也认识一些经营海货的商人，比如鲸须和鲨鱼翅之类的都有，保证货好。”摊主迅速收起金币，堆起满脸笑容。
"Thank you for your patronage! Do you want to buy anything? Although the small one specializes in wood, he also knows some merchants who deal in seafood, such as whale baleen and shark fins, and ensure that the goods are good. The stall owner quickly put away the gold coins and put a smile on his face.
王叶也不奇怪摊主为什么知道他需要鲸须，这种商人一般都很会察言观色，而且他们刚刚就在卖鲸须的摊子前碰面。
Wang Ye was not surprised why the stall owner knew that he needed baleen, this kind of merchant was usually very observant, and they had just met in front of the stall selling whale baleen.
“我想买些鲸须，你带我去看看。” "I want to buy some baleen and you can take me to see it."
“好勒！”摊主让伙计看守摊子，带着王叶两人就往朋友的摊子走。
"Howler!" The stall owner asked the guy to guard the stall, and took Wang Ye and the two of them to their friend's stall.
这家的鲸须比刚才那家更好，蕴含的魔力也比之前的鲸须足，报价仍旧是一金币一根，王叶也没还价，当场买了二十根。
The baleen of this house is better than the one just now, and the magic contained in it is also more than the previous baleen , the price is still one gold coin, and Wang Ye did not bargain, so he bought twenty on the spot.
两个摊主都笑容满面，都热情地询问两人还想买些什么。
Both stall owners were smiling and asked enthusiastically what else they wanted to buy.
王叶摇摇头，他想要买的主材料已经都买到，剩下的一些辅材，他在昨天就已经买好。
Wang Ye shook his head, the main materials he wanted to buy had already been bought, and he had already bought some of the remaining auxiliary materials yesterday.
“管事的，就是他们！就是这两人把我们东家给扔进了海里！”一道控诉的声音从两人身后传来。
"They are the ones in charge! These are the two who threw our host into the sea! An accusatory voice came from behind the two men.
“两位，请留步。”比较冷清严厉的声音跟着响起。 "Two, please stay." A colder and stern voice followed.
两人转身。 The two turned around.
来人还算客气，先对两人抱拳，这才解说：“在下姓廖，负责船上护卫。有人控诉二位在船上对摊主出手，还请二位和苦主对质一二。”
The person who came was polite, and first hugged his fists at the two of them, and then explained: "The next surname is Liao, and he is in charge of the guards on the ship." Someone accused the two of attacking the stall owner on the boat, and asked the two to confront the bitter owner. ”
雷木握住王叶的手，表示这件事他来处理，对来人不冷不淡道：“原来是廖护卫，你说的苦主是这个伙计吗？”
Lei Mu held Wang Ye's hand, indicating that he would deal with this matter, and said lukewarmly to the visitor: "It turned out to be Liao Guard, is the bitter master you are talking about this guy?" ”
“不是他，是他东家，他东家现在我们护卫处。麻烦二位，且跟我们走一趟。”廖护卫目光扫过这一大一小，没因为他们穿着朴素就轻视两人，能拿着请柬上船的客人，多少都有些来历。
"It's not him, it's his owner, and his owner is now our guard. Trouble the two of you, and come with us. Guarding Liao's gaze swept over the big and small, not despising the two of them because they were dressed plainly, and the guests who could get on the boat with invitations had some origins.
廖护卫自认见识尚可，他一见雷木脸上的刺青就怀疑他很可能是异术师。
Liao Guard thought that he was fairly knowledgeable, and when he saw the tattoo on Lei Mu's face, he suspected that he was probably a magician.
何况之前那摊主落海，他问过周围人，竟然没有一人看清他是怎么从船上飞起来掉进海里的。
What's more, the stall owner fell into the sea before, and he asked the people around him, but no one could see how he flew up from the boat and fell into the sea.
“行啊，那就走一趟。”王叶抢先道。 "Okay, let's go." Wang Ye took the lead.
雷木垂眸看王叶，没说话。 Lei Mu lowered his eyes and looked at Wang Ye, but did not speak.
王叶对雷木笑，他上辈子经常出入某所某局，都习惯了。他也很了解这些执法者，你给他面子，他们才会给你面子。当然，他这么好说话，也是廖护卫足够客气。
Wang Ye smiled at Lei Mu, he often went in and out of a certain institute and a certain bureau in his previous life, and he was used to it. He also knows these law enforcers very well, and if you give him face, they will give you face. Of course, he is so good at talking, and it is also because Liao Escort is polite enough.
廖护卫再次抱拳：“感谢理解，两位请。” Liao Huwei clasped his fists again: "Thank you for your understanding, two please." ”
伙计觉得廖护卫对两人太客气，很是不满。 The guy felt that Guard Liao was too polite to the two of them, and he was very dissatisfied.
廖护卫似乎也不担心两人会跑掉，在前面带路，把他们带下船。
The Liao guards didn't seem to be worried that the two would run away, leading the way in front and taking them off the boat.
有人注意到这一幕，认出王叶和雷木的人，立刻把消息飞报给自己的老大。
Someone noticed this scene, and the people who recognized Wang Ye and Lei Mu immediately reported the news to their boss.
海草岛岛主听到这个消息，觉得笼络那对兄弟的机会到了，立刻就带人往护卫处赶，还让村老找交易会的负责人递话，说明王叶的药师学徒身份，希望交易会不会让那对兄弟太难堪。
When the owner of Seagrass Island heard the news, he felt that the opportunity to entrap the pair of brothers had come, so he immediately took people to the guards, and asked the village elder to find the person in charge of the trade fair to deliver a message, explaining Wang Ye's identity as a pharmacist apprentice, hoping that the trade would not embarrass the brothers too much.
岩药师是这次交易会的特聘药师，他一直在留意王叶两人，听说两人上船，正要让人去请他们，结果就听到两人被护卫处带走的消息。
Yan Yaoshi is the special pharmacist of this trade fair, he has been keeping an eye on Wang Ye and the two, and when he heard that the two of them were on the boat, he was about to ask someone to invite them, but he heard the news that the two were taken away by the guards.
岩药师连忙也让人去护卫处询问情况。 The rock medicine master hurriedly asked people to go to the guard office to inquire about the situation.
护卫处就在码头上，距离大船不远，原本是仓库。 The guard was on the pier, not far from the big ship, and it was originally a warehouse.
那摊主已经等在里面，浑身湿淋淋，他故意没换衣服，就是为了让别人看他多凄惨。
The stall owner was already waiting inside, drenched, and he deliberately didn't change his clothes, just to let others see how miserable he was.
这时看到王叶和雷木进来，立刻跳起来，指着两人大骂：“该死的混蛋！竟然把我推下水，你们这是谋财害命，是杀人，我不会放过你们！”
At this time, when he saw Wang Ye and Lei Mu coming in, he immediately jumped up, pointed at the two and scolded: "Damn bastard!" actually pushed me into the water, you are murdering for money, you are murdering, I will not let you go! ”
王叶和雷木都没看这个摊主，只看廖护卫。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu didn't look at the stall owner, only at Liao Guard.
雷木淡淡问：“我们来了，要怎么对质？” Lei Mu asked lightly: "We are here, how do we confront us?" ”
廖护卫抬手，立刻就有护卫对摊主低喝：“不要吵，坐下！”
Guards Liao raised their hands, and immediately a guard shouted to the stall owner: "Don't make noise, sit down!" ”
摊主气，可他敢跟看起来无权无势的雷木和王叶闹，却不敢跟这艘大船的护卫们闹，闻言心不甘情不愿地坐下。
The stall owner was angry, but he dared to mess with Lei Mu and Wang Ye, who seemed to be powerless, but he didn't dare to mess with the guards of this big ship, and sat down reluctantly when he heard this.
那个带路找人的伙计也跑到摊主身后站定。 The guy who led the way to find someone also ran to stand behind the stall owner.
廖护卫也请两人坐下说话。 Escort Liao also invited the two to sit down and talk.
雷木一拉王叶，特别大爷的在椅子上坐下。 Lei Mu pulled Wang Ye, and the special uncle sat down on the chair.
廖护卫刚要开口，护卫处大门被敲响。 Guard Liao was just about to speak, when there was a knock on the door of the guard's office.
一名护卫过去询问情况。 A guard went over to inquire about the situation.
过了一会儿，那护卫脸色怪异地回来，附耳跟廖护卫说了几句话。
After a while, the guard came back with a strange face and whispered a few words to Guard Liao.
廖护卫神色不变，只点头道：“跟他们说，我知道了。”
Guarding Liao's expression remained unchanged, and he only nodded: "Tell them, I know." ”
护卫走回门口传话。 The guard walked back to the door to pass the word.
这边，廖护卫对两人异常客气地道：“公说公有理婆说婆有理，还请两位也说说情况，你们是否和这名摊主认识？”
Here, Liao Escort said unusually politely to the two: "The public said that the public is reasonable, and the mother said that the mother is reasonable, and please tell the two of you about the situation, do you know this stall owner?" ”
“不算认识，有些矛盾。”雷木先把昨天集市买蟒皮导致摊主怨恨的事简单说明，这才接着说道：“我弟想买鲸须，他们伙计报价一金币一根，摊主来了，改口为一百金币一根，还让我们爱买不买不买滚蛋。”
"It's not an acquaintance, it's a bit contradictory." Lei Mu first briefly explained the resentment of the stall owner by buying python skins in the market yesterday, and then continued: "My brother wanted to buy whale baleen, and they quoted a gold coin for a piece, but the stall owner came, changed his words to a hundred gold coins, and asked us to buy or not buy or get out." ”
王叶补充：“然后这人就飞起来落入海中，大概是海神爷爷在惩罚他的不诚信和狗眼看人低吧。”
Wang Ye added: "Then this person flew up and fell into the sea, probably because Grandpa Seagod was punishing him for his dishonesty and dog's eyes." ”
“放屁！明明是你们动手把我扔进海中。”摊主跳起来骂。
"Fart! You threw me into the sea. The stall owner jumped up and scolded.
王叶撇嘴，小孩一样地说：“谁看到了？说话要讲证据啊。”
Wang Ye pursed his lips and said like a child: "Who saw it?" Speak with evidence. ”
王叶忽然疑惑地看向摊主：“你不会是自己故意跳海，就想诬赖我们，让我们赔钱吧？”
Wang Ye suddenly looked at the stall owner suspiciously: "You can't deliberately jump into the sea yourself, you just want to slander us and make us lose money, right?" ”
“胡说八道！我好好地怎么会跳海，就是你们动手，想要谋害我。”
"Nonsense! How could I jump into the sea, it was you who did it and wanted to murder me. ”
“停。”廖护卫皱眉，质问摊主：“他们刚才说你百倍抬高货物价格，又出言侮辱客人，是不是真的？”
"Stop." Liao Huwei frowned and asked the stall owner: "They just said that you raised the price of goods a hundred times and insulted the guests, is it true?" ”
摊主矢口否认：“没有。我怎么可能做这种事。” The stall owner flatly denied: "No. How could I possibly do such a thing. ”
“我们东家可没说这话。”伙计也跟着作伪证。 "Our host didn't say that." The guy followed suit, and perjured as well.
王叶歪头，“两位，说谎可是要遭报应的哦。” Wang Ye tilted his head, "Two, lying will be punished." ”
伙计赌咒发誓没说谎，还指着雷木跟廖护卫控诉：“就是他！把我们东家扔到海里的就是这个人！”
The guy swore that he didn't lie, and pointed to Lei Mu and complained to Liao Guard: "It's him!" This is the man who threw our host into the sea! ”
王叶看着伙计呵呵：“这人啊，以为世上没报应，就把赌咒发誓当喝水一样随便吐，可实际上我们做了什么，老天爷可都看在眼里，一笔笔给你记着。”
Wang Ye looked at the guy and said: "This person, I thought there was no retribution in the world, so I swore a gambling curse and spit it out casually like drinking water, but in fact, what we did, God can see it in his eyes, and remember it for you." ”
伙计冷哼，压根没把王叶说的话当回事。 The guy snorted coldly, not taking what Wang Ye said seriously at all.
摊主也跟着喊道：“按照船上规矩，他们在船上动手，就应该赶下船。而且他们出手谋害我，是不是也要有个说法，我也就是命好，没有被淹死，但他们这已经算得上是谋杀未遂。”
The stall owner also shouted: "According to the rules of the boat, if they do something on the boat, they should be driven off the boat." And they murdered me, do you have to say that I was lucky and didn't drown, but they can already be regarded as attempted murder. ”
王叶和雷木就像是听别人的事一样，脸上不见半点愤怒神情，那模样真的很像是在看戏。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu were like listening to other people's business, and there was no anger on their faces, and they really looked like they were watching a play.
护卫们暗中互视，最后一起看向他们的头领。 The guards secretly looked at each other, and finally looked at their leader together.
廖护卫开口：“我们只是船上护卫，保证船上秩序，你们双方之间的恩怨以及到底发生了什么事情，我们也无法调查清楚。因为没有人见到这两位客人在船上动手，也没有任何人见到他们扰乱船上秩序，我们无法驱赶他们离开交易会。”
Escort Liao spoke: "We are just guards on the ship to ensure order on the ship, and we can't investigate the grievances between the two of you and what happened." Since no one saw the two guests on the ship, and no one saw them disturb the order on board, we could not drive them away from the fair. ”
摊主不可置信地瞪向廖护卫，脱口叫道：“你们这是偏袒！”
The stall owner glared at the Liao guards in disbelief and blurted out, "You guys are partial!" ”
廖护卫神色淡然：“再说明一遍，我们只是船上的护卫，只保证船上秩序，不是执法者。如果你认为有人对你谋财害命，请找当地执法者处理。或者你可以选择法外规则，挑战对方。”
Escort Liao looked indifferent: "Again, we are just guards on the ship, only to ensure order on the ship, not law enforcers." If you think someone is killing you for money, talk to your local law enforcement officer. Or you can choose extralegal rules and challenge the other party. ”
摊主气得咬牙切齿，身体都在发抖：“好、好！你们……我是相信你们，才到船上做生意，没想到你们护卫队的人竟然包庇这两个谋财害命的凶手，我不会就这么算了，我会找你们上面的人，我……”
The stall owner gritted his teeth in anger, and his body trembled: "Good, good! You guys...... I believed you, so I went to the ship to do business, I didn't expect that the people of your escort team would shield these two murderers who were murdering for money, I won't just forget it, I will find the people above you, I ......"
“请。”廖护卫对摊主示意，表示他找谁都可以。 "Please." Liao's guard motioned to the stall owner, saying that he could find anyone.
然后又对王叶和雷木点头：“两位可以离开了。” Then he nodded to Wang Ye and Lei Mu: "The two of you can leave." ”
王叶和雷木起身，王叶忽然扭头，对那摊主和伙计说：“谁心中有鬼，谁做了不好的事情，我们心里彼此有数。我现在就敢在这里对海神爷爷发誓，我和我哥问心无愧。你们敢吗？”
Wang Ye and Lei Mu got up, Wang Ye suddenly turned his head and said to the stall owner and his buddy: "Whoever has a ghost in his heart, who has done something bad, we know each other in our hearts." I dare to swear to Grandpa Poseidon here now, my brother and I have a clear conscience. Do you dare? ”
不等摊主和伙计开口，王叶又笑嘻嘻道：“这可是海上，可不要对海神爷爷说谎，否则你们一定会遭到报应。”
Without waiting for the stall owner and the guy to speak, Wang Ye smiled and said, "This is the sea, don't lie to Grandpa Seagod, otherwise you will definitely be punished." ”
那摊主梗着脖子硬杠：“有什么不敢的，明明是你们谋害我。海神爷爷在上，我现在就发誓我说的都是真话，我也问心无愧！”
The stall owner stiffened his neck: "What don't you dare, it's obvious that you are plotting to kill me." Grandpa Poseidon is above, I swear now that I am telling the truth, and I have a clear conscience! ”
王叶看到因果卷上的变化，对摊主挥了挥手：好走不送。
Wang Ye saw the changes on the cause and effect roll, and waved his hand to the stall owner: It's good to go, don't send it.
这摊主可能因为性格和品性的缘故，身上不知纠缠了多少因果，更因为他在海上销售鲸须等海货，和狩猎海兽也有直接关系，更是欠下海中生物大堆因果。
This stall owner may not know how much cause and effect he is entangled in because of his personality and character, but also because he sells whale baleen and other seafood at sea, which is also directly related to hunting sea beasts, and he owes a lot of cause and effect to sea creatures.
如今这人还敢在海上向海神爷爷发誓，偏偏还是以谎言为基础，简直就是在挑战海洋意识。
Now this person still dares to swear to Grandpa Poseidon at sea, but it is still based on lies, which is simply challenging the consciousness of the sea.
更何况这人还得罪了他这个修炼因果之力的人，和他主动结下因果，且是负面因果。
What's more, this person also offended him, a person who cultivates the power of cause and effect, and took the initiative to form cause and effect with him, and it was negative cause and effect.
王叶都不需要特别做什么，就看到一圈圈因果线紧紧纠缠住这个人。被负面因果这样缠绕的人，如果他本身没有大的气运可以抵消，那何止是霉运缠身……啧！
Wang Ye didn't need to do anything in particular, just saw a circle of causal threads tightly entangled with this person. If a person who is entangled in negative karma in this way, if he does not have great luck to counteract, then he is not only haunted by bad luck...... Tut!
何况王叶怎么可能什么都不做？【纠缠不清】和【冤冤相报】直接挂到对方身上。
What's more, how could Wang Ye do nothing? [Entanglement] and [Retribution] hang directly on each other.
眼看王叶和雷木就要离开，那摊主还跳起来骂：“我不会放过你们！这事不可能就这么算了，你们给我等着！”
Seeing that Wang Ye and Lei Mu were about to leave, the stall owner jumped up and scolded: "I won't let you go!" You can't just leave it at that, you wait for me! ”
摊主说完，还用力踹向他自己坐的凳子。 After the stall owner finished speaking, he kicked the stool he was sitting on.
“啊！”摊主突然发出一声惨叫，抱着腿就摔倒在地。 "Ahh The stall owner suddenly let out a scream, hugged his leg and fell to the ground.
“东家！”伙计立刻扑过去。 "The owner!" The guy immediately pounced.
摊主脱下鞋子一看，就见自己的大脚趾迅速红肿，趾甲一触就痛。他也是衰，踹的位置不恰当，伤到了大脚趾的趾甲。
When the stall owner took off his shoes, he saw that his big toe was quickly red and swollen, and his toenail hurt when he touched it. He was also weakened, kicked in an inappropriate position, and injured the toenail of his big toe.
护卫们：……这报应来得可真快。 Guards: ...... This retribution came so quickly.
摊主和伙计还不知道，他们的报应才刚刚开始。 Unbeknownst to the stall owners and fellows, their retribution has just begun.
护卫处大门打开，暗中留意的人见王叶和雷木安然无恙地走出来，而且一出来就往船上走，也没有人阻止他们上船，都松了口气。
The gate of the guard office was opened, and the people who were secretly watching saw that Wang Ye and Lei Mu came out unharmed, and as soon as they came out, they went to the boat, and no one stopped them from getting on the boat, and they all breathed a sigh of relief.
那摊主骂骂咧咧，伙计扶着摊主走上船板，打算给他在船上找随船药师看脚伤。
The stall owner cursed, and the man helped the stall owner to the plank, intending to find the ship's pharmacist on the boat to see his foot injury.
两人走到一半，几只海鸟突然从空中向两人扑来。 Halfway through the two, several seabirds suddenly swooped down on them from the air.
两人吓了一跳，连忙躲闪。 The two were startled and hurriedly dodged.
海鸟从两人脑袋上掠过，丢下几泡鸟屎。两人躲闪中，摊主一时没注意船板宽度，一脚踩空。
Seabirds skimmed over their heads, dropping a few bubbles of bird droppings. While the two were dodging, the stall owner didn't pay attention to the width of the boat board for a while, and stepped on the air.
“啊！”摊主惊叫，连忙伸手去抓伙计。 "Ahh The stall owner exclaimed, and hurriedly reached out to grab the man.
伙计也赶紧抓住摊主。 The guy also hurried to catch the stall owner.
但这是船板边沿，摊主身体往下坠落，带着伙计一起，噗通，双双落水。
But this is the edge of the boat, and the stall owner falls down, and with his buddies, poof, both fall into the water.
跟在两人身后上船的廖护卫等人：“……” Liao Escort and others who followed the two of them to the boat: "......"
一名护卫目瞪口呆：“乖乖，这说报应就报应，海神爷爷眼睛里真不揉沙子。”
A guard was dumbfounded: "Good girl, this is retribution, retribution, Grandpa Poseidon really doesn't rub sand in his eyes." ”
廖护卫却浑身冒出鸡皮疙瘩，总觉得这两人遭到的“报应”和那纹面男有关。
Liao Huwei had goosebumps all over his body, and he always felt that the "retribution" suffered by these two people was related to the tattooed man.
“以后看到那对兄弟，躲远一点。”廖护卫提醒手下兄弟。
"When you see those brothers in the future, stay away." Liao Guard reminded his brothers.
护卫之一惊讶：“头，难道你认为这两人的遭遇和那对兄弟有关？”
One of the guards was surprised: "Head, do you think what happened to these two people has something to do with the brothers?" ”
廖护卫：“船上没一个人看到那摊主是怎么落海的，但他牙齿被打落两颗，脸上还留下了一个拳头印记，很可能是被至少武师以上的人一拳打飞了出去。”
Liao Guard: "No one on the boat saw how the stall owner fell into the sea, but he had two teeth knocked out, and a fist mark was left on his face, and it was probably a punch from someone at least a martial artist or above." ”
廖护卫神色凝重：“最可怕的是那两兄弟说有报应，这两人就接二连三出事，你们真觉得和那对兄弟无关？”
Liao Huwei's expression was solemn: "The most terrifying thing is that those two brothers said that there was retribution, and these two people had accidents one after another, do you really think it has nothing to do with those brothers?" ”
护卫们齐齐打了个寒颤，都决定以后见到那对兄弟，一定要客气再客气，不行就躲远一点。
The guards shuddered in unison, and they all decided that when they saw the brothers in the future, they must be polite and polite, and if not, they would stay away.
廖护卫又安慰手下：“不过我看那对兄弟不像是不讲理的人，只要不招惹他们，应该不会有事。”
Liao Escort comforted his subordinates again: "But I don't think that pair of brothers is like unreasonable people, as long as they don't provoke them, they should be fine." ”
护卫之一忽然指着船板下面的海水，期期艾艾地道：“头，我怎么觉得情况有点不对？那两人叫得太惨了。”
One of the guards suddenly pointed to the sea under the plank, and said to Ai Ai, "Head, why do I think the situation is a little wrong?" The two screamed so badly. ”
廖护卫伸头去看，果然发现那两人离岸那么近，竟然还在海水中挣扎，而且不住惨叫，就像海水中有什么东西伤害到了他们。
Guarding Liao stretched out his head to look, and sure enough, he found that the two of them were so close to the shore that they were still struggling in the seawater, and they couldn't stop screaming, as if something in the sea water had hurt them.
廖护卫无法，毕竟是交易会的摊主之一，他们也不可能放着不管。
Liao Huwei can't, after all, he is one of the stall owners of the fair, and they can't leave it alone.
护卫们没下水，就站在岸边用杆子捞人。 The guards did not enter the water, but stood on the shore and fished people with poles.
等那摊主和伙计拉住杆子好不容易爬上岸，看热闹的众人才发现他们裸露出来的肌肤上出现道道红痕，两人更是不住喊痛。
When the stall owner and his men finally climbed ashore by holding on to the pole, the crowd found that there were red marks on their bare skin, and the two of them couldn't stop crying out in pain.
有经验的老渔民一看这情况就道：“这是给毒海蜇蜇到了，赶紧找点药抹上，很危险的。”
When the experienced old fisherman saw this situation, he said: "This is for the poisonous jellyfish to sting, hurry up and find some medicine to apply, it is very dangerous." ”
廖护卫和他的手下们汗毛倒竖，齐齐往后倒退，竟然没有一人敢接近那摊主和伙计。
Guarding Liao and his men stood on end, and they all fell backwards, and none of them dared to approach the stall owner and his men.
有人凑过来问情况。 Someone came over and asked about the situation.
廖护卫认出是海草岛主身边的人，忍不住道：“你们根本不需要打招呼，那对兄弟走到哪儿都吃不了亏，反而是招惹他们的人……看到没，那就是下场。”
Liao Huwei recognized that it was the person next to the owner of Seagrass Island, and couldn't help but say: "You don't need to say hello at all, those brothers can't suffer anywhere, but they are the ones who provoke them...... If you see it, that's the end. ”
海草村人一头雾水，完全不理解廖护卫的意思。 The people of Seagrass Village were confused, and they didn't understand what Liao Huwei meant at all.
廖护卫也无意多说。 Liao Huwei didn't intend to say more.
船上，王叶正在跟雷木炫耀他刚才买到的木料：“哥，那木料老板以为宰了我一笔，实际上是他卖亏了。”
On the boat, Wang Ye was showing off the wood he had just bought to Lei Mu: "Brother, the wood boss thought he had slaughtered me, but in fact he sold it at a loss." ”
“哦？那木料有什么出奇之处？”雷木心想怪不得这小子不还价就把东西买了。
"Oh? What's so strange about the wood? Lei Mu thought to himself, no wonder this kid bought things without bargaining.
王叶摆摆手：“算不上出奇，只是那段木料正好是木心料。黑金紫檀这种树有个特点，就是越到木心，黑金丝就越少，乍一看就像是没长成几年的小树。实际上这块木料至少是三十年的成树料，还是树心，不算特别好，但卖五十金币肯定没问题。”
Wang Ye waved his hand: "It's not surprising, it's just that that piece of wood happens to be a wood heart." One of the characteristics of this kind of tree is that the more you go to the heart of the wood, the fewer black gold wires, and at first glance it looks like a small tree that has not grown for a few years. In fact, this piece of wood is at least thirty years old, or the heart of the tree, which is not particularly good, but it is definitely no problem to sell it for fifty gold coins. ”
“适合你用？”雷木就喜欢看小家伙占了大便宜的欢喜小模样。
"Right for you?" Lei Mu likes to see the little guy take advantage of the joy of the little one.
王叶开心：“合用，非常合用。很多人都不知道，黑金紫檀对能量通导性非常好，还能储存一定量的魔力。但这还不是它的最大优点，黑金紫檀最大的优点就是兼容性极佳，尤其是树心。以后我找到更好的材料，可以直接融合黑金紫檀木料，都不用重新更换。”
Wang Ye was happy: "Fit, very suitable." Many people don't know that black gold rosewood is very good at energy conductivity and can also store a certain amount of magic power. But that's not its biggest advantage, the biggest advantage of black gold rosewood is its excellent compatibility, especially in the heart of the tree. Later, I found a better material, which can be directly fused with black gold rosewood, and I don't have to replace it again. ”
“你知识真丰富。”雷木诚心实意地道。 "You're so knowledgeable." Lei Mu said sincerely.
王叶笑得合不拢嘴：“过奖过奖，一般一般。” Wang Ye smiled from ear to ear: "Awards, awards, average." ”
“对了，你买这些东西，要制作的是什么？” "By the way, what do you want to make when you buy these things?"
“二胡。”王叶抓住雷木的手，“哥，以后我拉二胡给你听。”
"Erhu." Wang Ye grabbed Lei Mu's hand, "Brother, I'll pull the erhu for you in the future." ”
上辈子，没有意识的你最喜欢我拉二胡了。 In my last life, you who didn't realize it liked me to play erhu the most.
师父也喜欢，偏还要说我不务正业，玩物丧志。 Master also likes it, but he still wants to say that I don't do my job properly and my plaything is demoralized.
第54章 拍卖会 Chapter 54: The Auction
王叶眼见那摊主和伙计被海蜇蜇了后，就收回了针对那摊主的因果线，同时收到一份微薄的因果之力。
After Wang Ye saw that the stall owner and his companion were stung by a jellyfish, he withdrew the causal line against the stall owner, and at the same time received a meager causal power.
他可以报复，但不能过头。这也是修因果之力的麻烦之处。
He can retaliate, but not overdo it. This is also the trouble with cultivating the power of cause and effect.
上辈子他做什么都满不在乎，更因为戾气满身，报复心特别重，像摊主这样主动找他麻烦还侮辱他的人，他能下手废了对方。
In his previous life, he didn't care about anything, but because he was full of anger and revenge, he was very vindictive, and people like the stall owner who took the initiative to trouble him and insulted him, he could abolish the other party.
他就是这么混蛋，他知道。否则怎么会有那么多人恨他，更有那么多人在现实里围攻他？
He's such a bastard, he knows. Otherwise, how could so many people hate him, and so many people besiege him in reality?
而师父和木头之死，让他想到了因果报应，他觉得是他做事太肆无忌惮，才牵连到那两人。更觉得这因果之力修炼法就是个陷阱，专门坑使用者。
And the death of Master and Wood reminded him of karma, and he felt that it was because he was too unscrupulous to implicate those two. I even felt that this power of cause and effect cultivation method was a trap, specifically to trap users.
所以这辈子他使用因果之力非常小心，通常都会让别人先欠他。就算报复也十分有数，绝不会报复过头，让自己反欠对方。
So in this life, he is very careful in using the power of cause and effect, and usually lets others owe him first. Even if you retaliate, you will never retaliate too much and let yourself owe the other party.
像是富德和富奇器父子，要不是他们欠了海沟村人，海沟村人又委托他教训那两人，他施展的因果之力也不会有那么大效果。
For example, Fu De and Fu Qiqi father and son, if they didn't owe the Trench villagers, and the Trench villagers entrusted him to teach those two people, the causal power he exerted would not have had such a great effect.
实际上，如果那摊主只是提高价格，还算不上什么因果，他后来出言侮辱人，才形成因果。
In fact, if the stall owner only raised the price, it was not a cause and effect, and he later made insulting remarks, which formed cause and effect.
如果他那时出手——他原想着使用【冤冤相报】打对方一巴掌，也算了结和那摊主的小小因果，谁想雷木先动了手。
If he had made a move at that time, he had thought of using [Retribution for Injustice] to slap the other party, and also settle the small cause and effect with the stall owner, who would have thought that Lei Mu would have made a move first.
雷木动手后，他就不打算再对那摊主出手。 After Lei Mu made a move, he didn't plan to make another move on the stall owner.
可那摊主去告了他们，其实如果摊主实话实说，摊主也不会欠他因果。
But the stall owner went to sue them, in fact, if the stall owner told the truth, the stall owner would not owe him karma.
但那人偏偏要说谎，不说因，只说果，还诬陷他们是谋杀，心中对他和雷木都抱有强烈恶意并实施，这就又欠了他一笔因果。
But the man wanted to lie, not the cause, but the effect, and falsely accused them of murder, and had strong malice towards both him and Lei Mu in his heart and carried it out, which owed him another cause and effect.
如此，摊主就欠了他两份因果。 In this way, the stall owner owes him two copies of cause and effect.
但摊主那么倒霉，跟他的因果报复真没太大关系，主要还是他自己以前欠下的因果太多，他缠过去的因果线也就起了个引线作用。
But the stall owner is so unlucky, it really has nothing to do with his causal revenge, the main reason is that he himself owes too much cause and effect before, and the causal line he entangles in the past also plays a leading role.
现在他把因果线收回来了，接下来那摊主和伙计会有什么遭遇，那就要看他们之前欠下的债多不多大不大了。
Now that he has taken back the cause and effect line, what will happen to the stall owner and his buddies next depends on how much debt they owe before.
晚上八点整，天空还很明亮，拍卖会开始了。 At eight o'clock in the evening, the sky was still bright, and the auction began.
一般拍卖会都会事先进行宣传，这场拍卖会也不例外。 Auctions are usually advertised in advance, and this auction is no exception.
自海草岛集市开始前三个月，这场拍卖会就在做宣传。 The auction has been advertised since three months before the start of the Seagrass Island Market.
有些前来海草岛集市的人就是冲着拍卖会来的，这些人手中都有拍卖会准备的宣传册。
Some of the people who came to the Seagrass Island Market came for the auction, and they all had brochures prepared for the auction.
不过这场拍卖会的门槛并不高，只要拿到请柬的人都可以进入拍场，而且这场拍卖会因为是在船上举行，受空间限制，贵宾包间极少。
However, the threshold for this auction is not high, as long as anyone who gets the invitation card can enter the auction room, and because this auction is held on a ship, due to space limitations, there are very few VIP private rooms.
所谓的贵宾包间就是二楼几个船舱。 The so-called VIP private rooms are several cabins on the second floor.
像是海草岛岛主都没有资格进入包间，包括王叶和雷木也是。
For example, the owner of Seagrass Island is not eligible to enter the private room, including Wang Ye and Lei Mu.
拍卖台位于二楼正中的甲板边沿，以拍卖台为中心，座位呈弧形散开。
The auction table is located on the edge of the deck in the middle of the second floor, with the auction table as the center, and the seats are spread out in an arc.
有些客人甚至没有座位，只能站着。他们也不能往前挤，只能站在座椅后方的空地。
Some guests don't even have seats and have to stand. They couldn't squeeze forward, they had to stand in the open space behind their seats.
不过为了免除这些客人的尴尬，船上沿着栏杆准备了一排排的美食和酒水，任客人随意取用。
However, in order to avoid the embarrassment of these guests, rows of food and drinks are prepared along the railings of the boat for the guests to take as they please.
王叶端着一个大盘子，拉着雷木就围着那些自助美食转，看到好吃的就拿两块，自己一块，再分雷木一块。
Wang Ye held a large plate, pulled Lei Mu around those buffet delicacies, and when he saw something delicious, he took two pieces, one for himself, and then divided one for Lei Mu.
有人对王叶这种行为很不屑，更在打量两人的穿着佩饰后就确定这两个大概是好运被带进来的普通人，但也没有人傻到把自己的鄙视说出来。
Some people were very disdainful of Wang Ye's behavior, and after looking at the clothes and ornaments of the two, they determined that these two were probably ordinary people who were brought in with good luck, but no one was stupid enough to say their contempt.
但这时候还拿着盘子找食物吃的，真的是极少数。 But at this time, there are really very few people who are still holding a plate to find food to eat.
王叶和雷木在某种程度上可以说是活得很自我的人，丝毫不在乎别人的目光，想吃就吃，想喝就喝。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu can be said to be self-conscious people to a certain extent, they don't care about other people's eyes at all, they eat when they want to eat, and they drink when they want.
一名战士装束、精气神特别足的中年人走上拍卖台，朗声道：“诸位贵客，拍卖会即将开始。首先说明，除了拍卖册上已经记录的拍品，这段时间也有一些新的拍品加入，但因为时间关系，并没有在拍卖册上做记录，诸位也可以把这些没有记录的拍品当做惊喜。”
A middle-aged man in warrior costume and with a special spirit walked up to the auction table and said loudly: "Distinguished guests, the auction is about to begin. First of all, in addition to the lots that have been recorded in the auction book, there are also some new lots added during this time, but due to time constraints, they have not been recorded in the auction book, and you can also take these unrecorded lots as a surprise. ”
会场客人发出了然的笑声，这种事情在拍卖会场中经常出现。
The guests at the venue let out a heartfelt laugh, which is often the case in auction rooms.
“作为拍卖师，我唯一可以告诉大家的是，没有被记录的拍品，个别的珍贵程度并不亚于我们的开场和压轴品。”
"The only thing I can tell as an auctioneer is that the individual lots that are not recorded are as precious as our opening and finale."
这次会场传来低低的喧哗声，有不少人都露出了感兴趣的神情。
This time, there was a low noise in the venue, and many people showed expressions of interest.
拍卖师敲响拍卖钟，叮的一声，拍卖会正式开始。 The auctioneer rings the auction bell, and the auction officially begins.
“第一件拍品，原本是一株活的寒冰蓝月草，而这株宝药的价值，相信了解的人都知道它有多珍贵，作为开场拍品，她当之无愧。但近期有人送来一样拍品，经过上面紧急商讨后，决定把那样拍品当做开场拍品。”
"The first lot was originally a live Ice Blue Moon Grass, and the value of this treasure medicine, I believe that those who know know how precious it is, as the opening lot, she deserves it. Recently, however, someone sent in a lot, and after urgent discussions above, it was decided to make it the opening lot. ”
拍卖师声音一顿，给了客人们消化的时间。 The auctioneer's voice paused, giving the guests time to digest.
客人们果然传出议论声。 Sure enough, there was a lot of talk from the guests.
拍卖师紧接着说道：“相信诸位贵客现在都很好奇，什么样的宝贝能压过寒冰蓝月草成为开场拍品，现在请让我首先说出这件拍品的名字。”
The auctioneer then said: "I believe that all of you are curious now, what kind of treasure can overpower the Ice Blue Moon Grass to become the opening lot, now please let me first say the name of this lot." ”
客人们全都竖起耳朵，还有新的客人走上二楼，在发现拍卖会已经开始后，都尽量保持安静，不敢大声喧哗。
The guests all pricked up their ears, and the new guests went up to the second floor, and when they found out that the auction had begun, they all tried to be as quiet as possible, and did not dare to make a loud noise.
“它叫骨气糖丸。” "It's called the Bone Candy Pill."
“哎？”客人们发出惊疑声和笑声。 "Huh?" The guests let out sounds of surprise and laughter.
王叶挑眉，没想到他送拍的药品会放在开场。 Wang Ye raised his eyebrows, he didn't expect that the medicine he sent for auction would be placed at the beginning.
陆天城就是在这时候赶了过来。 It was at this time that Lu Tiancheng rushed over.
他原先早早就出发了，并不想压着点进入拍卖会场。 He had set off early, not wanting to press the point into the auction hall.
但就那么不巧，他在路上遇到了和他不对付的佣兵团团长。
But unfortunately, he met the leader of the mercenary group who was not dealing with him on the way.
那佣兵团长不知道从哪里得知他身体出了问题，随便找了个借口，非要挑战他。而且不允许他把时间延后，非要现在就打。
The mercenary leader didn't know where he learned that he had a physical problem, so he casually made an excuse to challenge him. And he is not allowed to postpone the time, he has to fight now.
之后双方就打起来了。 After that, the two sides fought.
陆天城原本与这名佣兵团长的实力相当，还稍微强出一线，但中毒后，他的战气流失很严重，这就导致他现在的实力反而比那个团长弱了两分。
Lu Tiancheng was originally on par with the strength of this mercenary leader, and he was slightly stronger, but after being poisoned, his battle qi was seriously lost, which caused his current strength to be two points weaker than that regiment leader.
如果陆天城没有去见王叶和雷木，从而知道他很看重的心腹瓮洲竟然背叛他，还收了仇敌的钱给他下毒，今天他遇到这个团长，绝不会跟对方拼命，哪怕让出一些好处，也会保命为先。
If Lu Tiancheng hadn't gone to see Wang Ye and Lei Mu, so as to know that his henchman Wengzhou, who he valued very much, had betrayed him and had taken money from the enemy to poison him, he would never fight with the other party when he met this regiment leader today, even if he gave up some benefits, he would save his life first.
但现在他知道自己真的中了毒，而且这个毒还非常厉害，连制作毒药的人都没有解药，他就豁出去了。
But now that he knew that he had really been poisoned, and that the poison was so powerful that even the people who made the poison had no antidote, he let it go.
他不知道自己还有没有机会活下去，更不知道那个小孩为什么提出让他一定去一趟今晚的拍卖会，但他心中满是对糜滨和瓮洲的仇恨，虽然把瓮洲杀死了，也不足以发泄他心中的愤恨。
He didn't know if he had a chance to live, and he didn't know why the kid offered to let him go to tonight's auction, but his heart was full of hatred for Mibin and Wengzhou, although killing Wengzhou was not enough to vent the resentment in his heart.
偏这个佣兵团长出现得这么巧，就好像知道他身体出了问题一样，陆天城用膝盖想，都能想到对方必定和糜滨有勾连，且很可能受到了糜滨指令。
This mercenary leader appeared so coincidentally, as if he knew that he had a physical problem, Lu Tiancheng thought with his knees, and he could think that the other party must have colluded with Mibin, and it was likely that he was instructed by Mibin.
于是陆天城拼了，他这种拼命打法吓住了他的手下，也吓住了对手。
So Lu Tiancheng fought, and his desperate style of play frightened his subordinates and his opponents.
对手越是想拖，陆天城拼得就越凶猛。 The more the opponent tried to drag, the more ferocious Lu Tiancheng became.
一个命都豁出去且满腔怒火的战士，与一个非常惜命只是奉命行事的佣兵打斗，且两人实力还相差不大，结果可想而知。
A soldier who is full of anger and gives up his life fights with a mercenary who is very desperate and only acts according to orders, and the strength of the two is not much different, the result can be imagined.
那佣兵团长在付出一道大伤后退了，带着手下离开。 The mercenary leader retreated after suffering a terrible wound and left with his men.
陆天城和他带着的人也都伤痕累累，陆天城就让受伤的手下先回去找团队里的药师学徒疗伤，而他只带着一个轻伤的伙伴赶往拍卖会现场。
Lu Tiancheng and the people he brought with him were also scarred, so Lu Tiancheng asked his injured subordinates to go back to the pharmacist apprentice in the team to heal their injuries, and he only rushed to the auction site with a slightly injured partner.
王叶看到陆天城一副刚跟人拼过的模样出现，碰了碰雷木。
Wang Ye saw Lu Tiancheng appear as if he had just fought with someone, and touched Lei Mu.
正在给小叶子剥虾的雷木抬头，就看到模样狼狈的陆天城在最后一排椅子那儿，随便找了个空位坐下。
Lei Mu, who was peeling shrimp for Xiao Yezi, looked up and saw Lu Tiancheng, who looked embarrassed, at the last row of chairs, and casually found a vacant seat to sit down.
陆天城甚至没注意到他们两人。 Lu Tiancheng didn't even notice the two of them.
拍卖师正要介绍第一件拍品的效用，他还开了一个小玩笑：“骨气糖丸，首先可以确定它是甜的。”
The auctioneer was about to introduce the utility of the first lot, and he made a little joke: "Bone Sugar Pill, first of all, you can be sure that it is sweet." ”
众客人哄笑。 The guests laughed.
拍卖师也勾起微笑，接着说道：“根据拍卖行药师分析，该骨气糖丸属于烈阳之药，药品达到中上品，对阴寒类毒药有奇效。凡是阴寒类毒药导致的身体肌肉和骨骼乃至内脏疼痛、以及因为阴寒类毒药导致的气种损伤，该药都可治疗。”
The auctioneer also smiled, and then said: "According to the analysis of the pharmacist of the auction house, this bone qi sugar pill belongs to the medicine of the scorching sun, and the medicine has reached the middle and upper grade, and it has a miraculous effect on yin and cold poisons. It can be used to treat all the pain in the muscles and bones of the body and even the internal organs caused by the cold poison, as well as the damage to the qi caused by the cold poison. ”
陆天城腾地抬起头，差点冲动得站起来。 Lu Tiancheng raised his head and almost stood up impulsively.
其他客人也发出了惊讶的叫声。 The other guests also let out a cry of surprise.
拍卖师笑：“现在诸位觉得这骨气糖丸是否当得起第一件拍品的资格？”
The auctioneer smiled: "Now do you think this bone candy pill is worthy of the qualification of the first lot?" ”
“如果真有你说的效果，那当然当得起，不但当得起，就是压轴也可以。”有客人大声道。
"If there is really the effect you said, then of course it deserves it, not only can it be deserved, but it can also be the finale." A guest said loudly.
更有客人迫不及待地问道：“底价是多少？这骨气糖丸有多少颗？赶紧开始拍吧！”
Some guests couldn't wait to ask, "What is the reserve price?" How many bone energy sugar pills are there? Let's start shooting! ”
拍卖师趁势道：“第一件拍品，骨气糖丸，只一颗，底价一百金币，最低加价不得少于十金币。”
The auctioneer took advantage of the situation and said: "The first lot, the bone blood sugar pill, is only one, the reserve price is one hundred gold coins, and the minimum increase shall not be less than ten gold coins." ”
拍卖师用力一敲钟，叮的一声后：“竞拍开始！” The auctioneer rang the bell hard, and after a ding, "The auction begins!" ”
底下客人们立刻开始叫价。 The guests immediately began to bid.
“一百一十！” "One hundred and ten!"
“一百三十！” "One hundred and thirty!"
“一百五十！” "One hundred and fifty!"
“你们都太小气了，这样的宝药，怎么也值两百金币！”
"You are all too stingy, such a treasure medicine is worth two hundred gold coins!"
两百金币也没把客人们吓住，今天来的客人有不少财大气粗的，这些人为了保命，根本不介意多花点钱囤积一颗宝药。
The two hundred gold coins did not scare the guests, and many of the guests who came today were wealthy, and these people didn't mind spending more money to hoard a treasure medicine in order to save their lives.
而拍卖会对这颗药的市场估价在五百金币左右，如果遇到急需的人，那价格翻一番都有可能。
The market valuation of this medicine at auction is around five hundred gold coins, and if you meet someone who needs it urgently, it is possible to double the price.
经过一番激烈报价后，五百金币这个价格被人报出，但很快就被人超过。
After some intense quotations, the price of 500 gold coins was quoted, but it was soon surpassed.
陆天城的同伴不住看他，焦急地低声喊：“头？” Lu Tiancheng's companion couldn't stop looking at him, and shouted anxiously in a low voice: "Head? ”
陆天城还能沉得住气：“先别急，再等等。” Lu Tiancheng could still calm down: "Don't worry, wait a minute." ”
他不能一下就喊一个高价，在场不少人都认识他，如果他表现得太急切，就怕有人怀疑他中毒，进而非要跟他竞争这颗宝药。
He can't shout a high price at once, many people present know him, if he behaves too eagerly, he is afraid that someone will suspect him of poisoning, and then he will have to compete with him for this treasure medicine.
他得跟其他人一样，想要，但不能表现得太急切。 He had to be like everyone else, wanting, but not being too eager.
最新喊价已经超过八百金币。 The latest outcry has exceeded 800 gold coins.
喊价的人已经变得极少，只有两个人还在坚持。 The number of people who shouted the price has become very small, and only two people are still holding on.
陆天城觉得到这时已经差不多，试探着报出：“八百八十。”
Lu Tiancheng felt that it was almost the same by this time, and tentatively reported: "Eight hundred and eighty." ”
有人举手，竖起两根手指。这表示他加价二十，报价变成九百。
Someone raised his hand and held up two fingers. This means that he raises the price by twenty, and the offer becomes nine hundred.
另一人直接喊出他的报价：“九百五十！诸位，这颗药我要买下来送给我的老师研究，还请诸位给我一个面子。”
Another person directly shouted out his offer: "Nine hundred and fifty!" Ladies and gentlemen, I am going to buy this medicine and give it to my teacher for study, and please give me a face. ”
说话人是一名药师，胸口别着初级药师的徽章，满脸高傲之色。
The speaker was a pharmacist with the badge of a junior pharmacist pinned to his chest, and his face was full of pride.
王叶叉起一根煮熟的海参，啊呜就是一口。 Wang Ye forked up a boiled sea cucumber, and it was a mouthful.
雷木对这种原型黏糊糊的生物不感兴趣，一口都不肯碰。
Raimu was not interested in this archetypal slimy creature, and refused to touch a mouthful.
“一千！”陆天城示意同伴喊价。 "A thousand!" Lu Tiancheng motioned to his companion to shout.
拍卖师笑容越发爽朗：“一千金币一次，还有哪位对骨气糖丸感兴趣，请尽快报价，一千金币两次……”
The auctioneer's smile became more and more hearty: "One thousand gold coins once, who else is interested in bone qi sugar pills, please quote as soon as possible, one thousand gold coins twice ......"
那个不说话的客人再次举手。 The guest who didn't speak raised his hand again.
拍卖师眼尖，立刻道：“一千零五十，新的报价出现，一千零五十！如果没有其他人……”
The auctioneer's eyes were sharp, and he immediately said: "One thousand and fifty, a new offer appears, one thousand and fifty!" If no one else ......"
“一千五！外加五枚魔晶。”陆天城一狠心，报出了比挂在佣兵公会的任务奖赏更高的价格。
"One thousand and five! Plus five magic crystals. Lu Tiancheng was ruthless and quoted a higher price than the reward for the mission hanging in the Mercenary Guild.
他想得很清楚，他死了，他的财产他自己一个铜币都花不到，还得分给那些狗屎家人。那还不如他现在花了救命！
He thought very clearly, he died, his property he couldn't spend a single copper coin of his own, and he gave it to those shit families. That's not as good as he spends saving now!
另外两个喊价的人脸色立刻难看起来，尤其是那个初级药师。
The faces of the other two people who shouted the price were immediately difficult to look at, especially the junior pharmacist.
拍卖师大喜，这个价格绝对已经到顶了，一千五百枚金币就已经比市价翻了三倍，更何况还有五枚魔晶。
The auctioneer is overjoyed, this price has definitely peaked, 1,500 gold coins have already tripled from the market price, not to mention five magic crystals.
魔晶这东西，虽然市场价是十金币一枚，但压根有价无市，没有人会傻到用魔晶换钱，除非对方不是异术师或武者战士一类。
Although the market price of the magic crystal is ten gold coins each, there is no market price at all, and no one will be stupid enough to exchange the magic crystal for money, unless the other party is not a magician or a warrior.
陆天城的报价果然惊住了其他人，拍卖师连续询问三次，拍卖锤敲下，一锤定音。
Lu Tiancheng's offer really shocked the others, and the auctioneer asked three times in a row, and the auction hammer was struck, and the final word was made.
王叶乐得又挖了一个大鲍鱼一口吞，紧接着又切了一块蜜汁烤肉塞进嘴里。
Wang Yele dug up another big abalone and swallowed it, and then cut a piece of honey roast meat and stuffed it into his mouth.
雷木看他这样吃，忍不住摸了摸他的小肚子，担心他吃坏肠胃。
Seeing him eat like this, Lei Mu couldn't help but touch his little belly, worried that he would eat bad stomach.
王叶也觉得这样不好，他还要养身呢，但他忍不住，尤其这些美食还都不要钱。他上辈子也有这样暴饮暴食的问题，连师父都没给他纠正过来，气得那老头给他吃了很多药，苦得不得了。
Wang Ye also felt that this was not good, he still had to cultivate his body, but he couldn't help it, especially these delicacies didn't cost money. He also had such a problem of overeating in his previous life, and even the master didn't correct him, so angry that the old man gave him a lot of medicine, and he was very miserable.
现场拍卖会都是立刻银货两讫。 The live auctions are all sold immediately.
拍卖师把骨气糖丸的药瓶交给两名高级武师，两名高级武师来到陆天城同伴身边。
The auctioneer handed over the medicine bottle of the Bone Qi Sugar Pill to the two senior martial artists, and the two senior martial artists came to Lu Tiancheng's companion.
陆天城掏出钱卡划账付款，又另外拿出五枚魔晶交给两名高级武师。
Lu Tiancheng took out his money card to make a payment, and took out another five magic crystals and handed them to the two senior martial artists.
武师确定欠款无误，当场把药瓶放到陆天城同伴手中。 The martial artist made sure that the arrears were correct, and put the medicine bottle in the hands of Lu Tiancheng's companion on the spot.
陆天城同伴转手就给了陆天城。 Lu Tiancheng's companion changed hands and gave it to Lu Tiancheng.
陆天城打开药瓶，竟然连检验都没有，仰头就把药丸倒入了嘴里。他豁出去了，这药如果无效，他也是死，还不如赌一把。
Lu Tiancheng opened the medicine bottle, but he didn't even test it, and poured the pill into his mouth with his head up. If this medicine doesn't work, he will also die, so it is better to gamble.
现场的客人不少人发出轻啊声。 Many of the guests at the scene made a soft noise.
有些认出陆天城的客人更是后悔，早知这家伙中了奇毒，就应该跟他死杠，哪怕让他多花些钱也是好的啊。
Some of the guests who recognized Lu Tiancheng regretted it even more, knowing that this guy had been poisoned, they should have died with him, even if it was good to let him spend more money.
药丸被当场服下，对这药丸有心思的人现在也都熄了心思，都在等其他拍品上场。
The pill was taken on the spot, and those who had thoughts about the pill were now all out of their minds, waiting for other lots to come on the market.
也有不少人对骨气糖丸的药效非常感兴趣，都在看陆天城，想看他的服药反应。
There are also many people who are very interested in the medicinal effects of Bone Qi Sugar Pills, and they are all looking at Lu Tiancheng and want to see his reaction to taking medicine.
拍卖师开始了第二件拍品的拍卖，就是原本定于开场的寒冰蓝月草。
The auctioneer began the auction of the second lot, which was originally scheduled to open.
王叶对这株冰系魔草有点小兴趣，但在听到底价就是五百金币后，立刻就什么兴趣都没了，还是吃他的不要钱美食吧。
Wang Ye was a little interested in this ice-type demon grass, but after hearing that the price was five hundred gold coins, he immediately lost any interest, so he still had to eat his moneyless food.
雷木忽然夺下王叶手中的大盘子，硬给他塞了一个小碗和一个小勺子，碗里盛着海鲜粥。
Lei Mu suddenly snatched the large plate from Wang Ye's hand, and forced him to stuff a small bowl and a small spoon, and the bowl contained seafood porridge.
“喝这个。”雷木不由分说。 "Drink this." Lei Mu couldn't help but say.
王叶鼓了鼓嘴巴，给了雷木一个幽怨的眼神。 Wang Ye puffed out his mouth and gave Lei Mu a resentful look.
雷木严厉状：“你想生病吗？” Lei Mu sternly said: "Do you want to get sick?" ”
王叶低头，乖乖端着小碗，用小勺子一勺勺舀着吃。 Wang Ye lowered his head, obediently held a small bowl, and scooped it with a small spoon to eat.
寒冰蓝月草被那名初级药师拍下，陆天城也睁开了眼睛，任谁都能看出陆天城脸上的喜色和轻松。
The Ice Blue Moon Grass was photographed by the junior pharmacist, and Lu Tiancheng also opened his eyes, and anyone could see the joy and relief on Lu Tiancheng's face.
骨气糖丸果然是宝药，至少解除了陆天城身上的毒药。 The Bone Qi Sugar Pill was indeed a treasure medicine, at least it relieved Lu Tiancheng of the poison.
陆天城坐在原地伸展手臂，一阵骨骼爆响声响起。那跗骨之毒终于消失！
Lu Tiancheng sat in place and stretched his arms, and a bone explosion sounded. The tarsal poison is finally gone!
他的战气不再外泄，气种就像是被泡在温泉里，被无名能量滋养，原本疼得让他受不了的骨痛也彻底消失。
His battle qi no longer leaked out, and his qi was like being soaked in a hot spring, nourished by nameless energy, and the bone pain that had been so painful that he couldn't stand it had completely disappeared.
陆天城对这颗药丸的出处有所猜测，不管这药是不是和那小孩有关，他都决定再去送一份厚礼。如果不是那小孩提示他一定要来拍卖会，他九成九会错过这颗骨气糖丸，也错过得救的机会。
Lu Tiancheng had some guesses about the origin of this pill, whether it was related to the child or not, he decided to give another generous gift. If it weren't for the kid prompting him to come to the auction, he would have missed the bone pill and the chance to be saved.
众人见陆天城一脸轻松写意，不少人都羡慕妒忌其运气。可不是所有快被毒死的人都能有这份幸运在一场拍卖会中就能寻到解药，更幸运到能拍下来。
Everyone saw Lu Tiancheng's relaxed face, and many people were envious of his luck. But not everyone who is about to be poisoned can be lucky enough to find the antidote in an auction, and even more fortunate enough to be auctioned.
何况这骨气糖丸压根就不在拍卖册上。 What's more, this bone qi sugar pill is not on the auction book at all.
第三件拍卖品被推出，很快转移了大家的注意力。 The third auction item was launched, which quickly diverted everyone's attention.
到了第五件拍品，王叶注意力放到了拍卖台上。 When it came to the fifth lot, Wang Ye's attention was on the auction table.
拍卖师正在介绍那件拍品：“众所周知，我们拍立得拍卖会在每场拍卖会中都会推出一些赌性较大的拍品，这类拍品绝大多数都是鉴定师无法给出明确鉴定，也无法明确其价值，只能估个最低价。五号拍品就是！”
The auctioneer is introducing the lot: "As we all know, in each auction, we will offer some more gambling lots, and the vast majority of such lots are not able to give a clear appraisal or value, so they can only estimate the lowest price. Lot 5 is! ”
“五号拍品的主人是一名破产贵族，他把家中财产打包卖给我们拍卖会，这块石头就是从他家库房找出。但那名贵族本人也不知道这是什么，我们的鉴定师也无法确定。”
"Lot 5 was owned by a bankrupt nobleman who sold his property to us for auction, and the stone was found in his storeroom. But the nobleman himself didn't know what it was, and our appraiser couldn't be sure. ”
“这类拍品，您可能高价拍回去却发现它一钱不值，也有可能您以买石头的价格拍到绝世珍宝。万事皆有可能，现在五号拍品竞拍开始，底价十个金币，最低加价一个金币，上不封顶！”
"This is the kind of lot you can buy back at a high price and find that it's worthless, or you can get a gem for the price you paid for a stone. Anything is possible, and now the auction for Lot 5 begins, with a reserve price of ten gold coins and a minimum increase of one gold coin, with no upper limit! ”
雷木也在看五号拍品，只一眼，他就对王叶低声道：“我们把它拍下来。”
Lei Mu was also looking at Lot 5, and with just one glance, he whispered to Wang Ye, "Let's take a picture of it." ”
王叶也有这个意思，虽然隔得比较远，他只能看到立体的魔法投影，无法用手触摸，也无法施展鉴定术，但他的直觉告诉他，这东西值得拍。
Wang Ye also had this meaning, although it was far away, he could only see the three-dimensional magic projection, he couldn't touch it with his hands, and he couldn't perform the identification technique, but his intuition told him that this thing was worth shooting.
更不要说现在雷木也这么跟他说。 Not to mention that now Reimu also told him the same.
“好，拍。” "Okay, shoot."
第55章 钱不够花
就如拍卖师介绍所说，五号拍品看起来就是一块石头，约人头大小，黑色，就跟海沟岛礁石滩上的礁石一样，平平无奇。
因为底价才十个金币，对于敢于坐到拍卖场的绝大多数人来说，这点钱并不算什么，他们也愿意稍微搏一把。
但当喊价喊到五十金币后，大家的热情明显减退，就是加钱也是一个金币一个金币的加。
喊到六十，基本就没人再举手了。
雷木就是在这个时候举起手指。
“六十一金币，五号拍品目前的喊价是六十一金币，如果有对五号拍品感兴趣的朋友，想要赌一赌运气，这时正是最好的时机。”拍卖师巧舌如簧，就希望能把拍品的价格喊得再高一些。
如果拍价足够高，他得到的奖励也多。 If the bid price is high enough, he will also get more rewards.
又有人举手，竞价变成六十二金币，就这么一点点磨到六十五，拍卖师见再也没有人举手，也死了心，一敲拍卖锤：“五号拍品以六十五个金币的价格拍出，恭喜那位客人。”
Someone raised his hand again, and the bid became sixty-two gold coins, and it was grinded to sixty-five little by little, and the auctioneer saw that no one raised his hand again, and he also died, and struck the auction hammer: "Lot 5 was sold at the price of sixty-five gold coins, congratulations to that guest." ”
同样是高级武师送货，送到了雷木面前。 The same high-level martial artist delivered the goods and delivered them to Lei Mu.
雷木付钱，收下这枚石头。 Raimu paid and accepted the stone.
陆天城这时才注意到雷木和王叶也在现场，但他想到自己的仇家，不敢对两人表露的太热情，只行了注目礼。
Lu Tiancheng only noticed that Lei Mu and Wang Ye were also at the scene at this time, but when he thought of his enemy, he didn't dare to show too much enthusiasm to the two, so he only paid attention.
雷木手一翻，石头消失。 Thunderwood flipped his hand, and the stone disappeared.
有人注意到这一幕，顿时心中火热，这人竟然有储物空间！
Someone noticed this scene, and their hearts immediately became hot, this person actually had storage space!
之前因为雷木和王叶衣着以及他们吃个不停的行为，而对他们有所鄙视的人，这时也不禁庆幸他们刚才没说什么不得体的话。
The people who had despised Lei Mu and Wang Ye before because of their clothes and their non-stop eating behavior, at this time, they couldn't help but be glad that they didn't say anything inappropriate just now.
能拥有储物空间的人会是普通人吗？ Will the people who can have storage space be ordinary people?
很多大贵族家里都不一定拥有储物空间呢，就算有也是很小的那种，只能装一些重要文件、印章和钱卡之类。
Many big aristocrats don't necessarily have storage space at home, and even if they do, they are very small, and they can only hold some important documents, seals, money cards, and the like.
而这人能把脑袋大的石头装进去，那储物空间必然不会小于一个立方。
And this person can fit a head-sized stone into it, and the storage space must not be less than one cube.
接下来的拍卖过程一直保持火热，简直让人怀疑这些客人是不是都钱多的没地方花，有些只是装饰品的东西，就因为是古董或者比较少见，就能拍出让穷人十辈子都赚不到的价格。
The auction process has been so hot that it makes people wonder if these guests have a lot of money and have nowhere to spend it, and some things that are just decorations, just because they are antiques or relatively rare, can be auctioned for a price that the poor will not earn for ten lifetimes.
反正王叶怎么都无法理解为什么有人能为一个古董花瓶就付出几千万甚至几亿的代价。
Anyway, Wang Ye couldn't understand why someone could pay tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of dollars for an antique vase.
别说几千万乃至几亿，就算超过三百，他都觉得太贵。 Not to mention tens of millions or even hundreds of millions, even if it exceeds three hundred, he feels that it is too expensive.
还有那些古董画也一样，高价买回来还得特别保存，平时要跟侍候祖宗一样的侍候着，换了他，宁可买印刷品挂墙上，脏了坏了直接换。
There are also those antique paintings, bought at a high price and have to be specially preserved, usually have to wait like waiting for the ancestors, change him, rather buy prints to hang on the wall, dirty and broken directly change.
王叶就把他的想法跟雷木说了。 Wang Ye told Lei Mu his thoughts.
雷木很无语，摸摸小孩的脑袋，低声道：“追求不一样。当你钱多的没地方花的时候，你自然会买一些别人买不起的东西，因为花那点钱对你不算什么。当钱多到一种程度，人就会想要和其他富人拉开距离，让人感觉他格调更高。于是各种规矩、礼仪、装饰、必要的摆场，就这么来了。到后来，很多富人花钱，已经不是为了满足自己，而是为了面子。”
Lei Mu was speechless, touched the child's head, and whispered, "The pursuit is different." When you have a lot of money and don't have a place to spend it, you will naturally buy something that others can't afford, because spending that little money is nothing to you. When there is a certain amount of money, people will want to distance themselves from other rich people, and make people feel that they are more stylish. So all kinds of rules, etiquette, decorations, and necessary ornaments came and went. Later, many rich people spent money, not to satisfy themselves, but to save face. ”
王叶做沉思状：“也是啊，钱放着也是放着，还不如花掉。我要是有钱了，我就把家里墙壁全都用金砖贴起来，马桶也用金子做。”
Wang Ye pondered: "Yes, the money is also put, it is better to spend it." If I had money, I would have put up all the walls of my house with gold bricks, and the toilets would be made of gold. ”
“俗。” "Vulgar."
“大俗即大雅嘛。” "Vulgarity is elegance."
两人靠在船舷上轻声说笑。 The two leaned against the side of the boat and laughed softly.
十一号拍品就是王叶制作的除痕膏，为了证明这盒除痕膏的效果，拍卖师现场让一名脸上有疤的女士上台，给她涂抹了一些。
Lot 11 is the scar remover made by Wang Ye, in order to prove the effect of this box of scar cream, the auctioneer asked a lady with a scar on her face to come on stage and apply some to her.
等了大约十分钟，再看那条疤痕，虽然没有完全去除，但肉眼可见地淡了一些。
After waiting for about ten minutes, I looked at the scar again, and although it was not completely removed, it was visibly lighter to the naked eye.
拍卖师用蛊惑的口吻大声道：“这已经能称得上是魔法药剂，效果不说立竿见影，但也比市面上绝大多数的除疤痕药膏效果要好得多，按照拍品原主人所说，如果是像这位女士一样的疤痕，涂后不要清洗，让药膏自然吸收，涂抹三到五次，疤痕就会消除。如果是痘印，三次即见效。同时对烧伤、烫伤等疤痕也有奇效。”
The auctioneer said loudly in a demagogic tone: "This can already be called a magic potion, the effect is not immediate, but it is also much better than the vast majority of scar removal ointments on the market, according to the original owner of the lot, if it is a scar like this lady, do not wash it after applying, let the ointment absorb naturally, apply it three to five times, and the scar will be eliminated." If it is a acne scar, it will be effective after three times. At the same time, it also has a miraculous effect on burns, scalds and other scars. ”
在场很多人眼睛亮了起来，尤其是爱美的女士们。 The eyes of many people present lit up, especially the ladies who love beauty.
拍卖师心中很可惜，可惜拍卖会有规定不能透露拍主的关键信息，否则他这时只要说这除痕膏就是开场第一件拍品骨气糖丸的炼制者制作，那这盒除痕膏的拍价保证会飞飙。
The auctioneer felt a pity in his heart, but it was a pity that the auction had regulations that could not reveal the key information of the auctioneer, otherwise he only needed to say that this marking cream was made by the refiner of the first lot of bone qi sugar pills at the beginning, then the auction price of this box of marking cream was guaranteed to soar.
“诸位请放心，之前用的是拍主给的试用品，本拍品全新未开，这么一盒药膏，按照刚才的用量，大约能用二十次，开盒后的保质期为三个月，请尽快使用。”
"Everyone, please rest assured, I used the trial product given by the auctioneer before, this lot is brand new and unopened, such a box of ointment, according to the dosage just now, can be used about 20 times, and the shelf life after opening the box is three months, please use it as soon as possible."
“除痕膏底价一百金币，每次加价不得少于十金币，竞拍开始！”
"The reserve price of the marking cream is one hundred gold coins, and each price increase shall not be less than ten gold coins, and the auction begins!"
同时响起的喊价声，让人都听不清楚谁在喊什么。 At the same time, the shouting sound made it impossible to hear who was shouting what.
不过拍卖师早就练出来，就见他东指西指，准确地喊出每一个最新叫价。
However, the auctioneer has already practiced it, and he is seen pointing east and west, accurately calling out every latest bid.
王叶眼睛都要笑成金币形状，心里直喊发财了，等明天国庆假日，玩家大量涌入游戏，他就可以向这些玩家兜售“游戏币”，以此来换取华夏币。
Wang Ye's eyes were about to smile into the shape of gold coins, and he shouted in his heart that he had made a fortune, and when tomorrow's National Day holiday, a large number of players poured into the game, and he could sell "game currency" to these players in exchange for Huaxia coins.
这个游戏的货币和地球各种货币的官方兑换率一直都很稳定。
The game's currency and the official exchange rate of the Earth's various currencies have been stable throughout.
比如华夏币，一个铜币就是一元，一金币就是一万，从没变过。
For example, Huaxia coin, a copper coin is one yuan, and a gold coin is ten thousand, which has never changed.
王叶因此还怀疑过这个游戏的开发者九成是华夏人或华夏的公司，因为这个游戏中虽然有不少西方元素，但东方元素也非常多，尤其货币系统，感觉就像是对照华夏的货币购买力来的。
Therefore, Wang Ye also suspected that ninety percent of the developers of this game were Huaxia people or Huaxia companies, because although there are many Western elements in this game, there are also many Eastern elements, especially the currency system, which feels like it is compared to the purchasing power of Huaxia's currency.
一开始世界各国玩家还为此抗议过，但人游戏根本不鸟他们，谁都不鸟。
At the beginning, players from all over the world protested against this, but the game didn't bird them at all, no one birded.
最后除痕膏以五百六十金币的高价被一个女佣兵团长拍下，这名女团长脸上有一道醒目的疤痕，但并没有破坏她的美艳，反而给她带来几分凌厉美。
In the end, the scar removal cream was photographed by a female mercenary captain for a high price of five hundred and sixty gold coins, and the female leader had a striking scar on her face, but it did not destroy her beauty, but brought her a bit of fierce beauty.
可这位女团长显然很在意她这条疤痕，她找除疤痕药都出名了，这才会有岩药师提醒王叶的事。
But this female head of the group obviously cares about her scar, and she is famous for looking for scar removal medicine, so there will be a rock pharmacist to remind Wang Ye of this.
王叶提供的第三样拍品，两桶合重约两斤的海豆芽药泥也紧随其后被推出。
The third lot provided by Wang Ye, two barrels of sea bean sprouts with a combined weight of about two catties, was also launched.
拍卖行很狡猾，没搞分拍，两桶绑定，一起拍，底价二十金币。
The auction house was very cunning, and did not engage in sub-auctions, the two barrels were bound and auctioned together, with a reserve price of twenty gold coins.
可能因为药泥只是原材料，虽然拍卖行鉴定师保证说这是天材地宝榜铁榜第九位的海豆芽药泥，功效多多。但竞争的人并不多，都是一些药师和药师学徒在喊价。
Maybe it's because the medicinal paste is just a raw material, although the auction house appraiser assured that this is the ninth place in the sea bean sprout medicinal puree on the list of natural treasures, and it has a lot of effects. But there are not many people competing, and they are all pharmacists and pharmacist apprentices who are shouting prices.
王叶抱臂，嘀咕：“没眼光的家伙。” Wang Ye hugged his arms and muttered: "A guy with no vision." ”
他的除痕膏的主药可就是海豆芽药泥，可那一盒掌心大的小盒子才用了多少药泥？
The main medicine of his anti-marking cream is sea bean sprout puree, but how much mush was used in that small box with the size of a palm?
这可是两大桶！ That's two big buckets!
但怎么办呢，谁让原材料就是这么不值钱，东西再好，如果药师不会提炼，或者炼药手法一般，好材料也会浪费掉。
But what to do, who made the raw materials so worthless, no matter how good the things are, if the pharmacist can't refine them, or the refining techniques are average, good materials will be wasted.
所以在双月星，成品药永远都比原材料昂贵，贵得多。 So in Shuangyuexing, finished drugs will always be more expensive and more expensive than raw materials.
拍卖师也在叹息，他同样不能说出这药泥的提供者是除痕膏和骨气糖丸的卖主，哪怕就是说明这药泥就是除痕膏的主材料也不行。因为这也是拍主的要求。
The auctioneer was also sighing, he also couldn't say that the provider of this medicinal paste was the seller of the scar removal cream and bone qi sugar pills, even if it meant that the medicine mud was the main material of the scar removal cream. Because this is also the request of the auctioneer.
最后药泥被一名中级药师拍走，才拍出七十个金币。 In the end, the medicine clay was auctioned away by an intermediate pharmacist, and only seventy gold coins were auctioned.
雷木安抚他：“这价格已经很不错了，毕竟只是一个海岛小拍卖会。两斤药泥就能卖出七十金币，想想看那崖洞里有多少药泥？对于那岛上的人来说，卖药泥的钱足够他们全村人花几辈子了。”
Lei Mu reassured him: "This price is already very good, after all, it is just a small island auction." Two catties of medicinal mud can be sold for seventy gold coins, think about how many medicinal mud are in that cliff cave? For the people on that island, the money from selling the mash was enough for the whole village to spend several lifetimes. ”
王叶一想也是，如果药泥真的拍出天价，恐怕一个中级药师也压不住，这样的价格也许刚好。何况一半药泥在他这儿，他又不会把药泥当原材料贱卖。
Wang Ye thought about it, if the medicine clay really sold for a sky-high price, I am afraid that an intermediate pharmacist would not be able to hold it down, and such a price may be just right. What's more, half of the medicinal mud is with him, and he will not sell the medicinal mud as a raw material.
这么一想，王叶又高兴了。 Thinking like this, Wang Ye was happy again.
拍卖会时间过得很快，将近两个小时一晃而过。 The auction time passed quickly, nearly two hours passed in a flash.
“诸位，这是本拍卖行今晚推出的倒数第三件拍品。”拍卖师陡然提高声音，唰地拉开金红的绒布，露出下面的拍品。
"Ladies and gentlemen, this is the penultimate lot that this auction house has launched tonight." The auctioneer raised his voice abruptly and pulled back the golden flannel to reveal the lot below.
这件拍品竟然被装在水晶盒内。 The lot was packed in a crystal box.
在场所有客人的目光都投注到拍卖台上。 The eyes of all the guests present were on the auction table.
较远位置的客人看不清实物，就看被放大的魔法投影。 Guests from a distance can't see the real thing clearly, so they look at the magnified magic projection.
王叶忽然眯起眼睛，他认得这件拍品。 Wang Ye suddenly narrowed his eyes, he recognized this lot.
没想到这东西竟然会在这么一个小拍卖会中出现。 I didn't expect this thing to appear in such a small auction.
上辈子他见到这东西时，是在冬土上国的国都，该国一年一度最大的拍卖会，这玩意作为压轴出现。
In his previous life, when he saw this thing, it was in the capital of the Winter Land Upper Country, the country's largest annual auction, and this thing appeared as the finale.
那样的拍卖会上，作为压轴的拍品，可想而知它有多珍贵。
At such an auction, as the finale, you can imagine how precious it is.
可现在，这东西只是被一个小型拍卖会当做倒数第三件拍品推出，底价应该也不会高到哪里。
But now, this thing is only being sold as the penultimate lot at a small auction, and the reserve price should not be too high.
雷木感觉到王叶的在意，但他并没有看出这件拍品有什么出奇之处，就仔细听拍卖师的介绍。
Lei Mu felt Wang Ye's concern, but he didn't see anything unusual about this lot, so he listened carefully to the auctioneer's introduction.
拍卖师：“这件拍品是一个佣兵团队从一个小秘境中带出，那个秘境很小，只有大约一百平方，如果不是遇到一些古怪的事情，这个佣兵团队还无法确定他们真的进入了一个秘境。”
Auctioneer: "This lot was brought out by a team of mercenaries from a small secret realm, that secret realm is very small, only about a hundred square meters, if it weren't for some strange things, this mercenary team would not be able to determine that they have really entered a secret realm." ”
“很可惜，这个秘境中只有一栋很小的草屋，其他什么都没有，据说连一颗野草都不生长。而这栋草屋中只摆放了这张小小的木凳。”
"It's a pity that there is only a small grass hut in this secret place, and there is nothing else, and it is said that not even a single weed grows. And only this small wooden bench was placed in this thatched hut. ”
“很可爱对吧，这只有巴掌大的小木凳做工十分精细，就像是给家中幼儿的玩具。经过我拍卖行鉴定师鉴定，这个小木凳的木料是极为少见的黄玉心树，该树的主要特征就是木质如玉石，不但坚硬，更如玉石般光滑细腻优美，用黄玉心树制作的家具具有玉石的一切优点，同时又具有木料的温暖和厚重。同时它还蕴含魔力，不但可以作为炼金材料，也可制作武器。”
"It's cute, right, it's a palm-sized wooden stool that's so finely crafted that it's like a toy for a toddler at home. The main feature of the tree is that the wood is not only hard, but also smooth and delicate like jade, and the furniture made of topaz heart tree has all the advantages of jade, and at the same time has the warmth and heaviness of wood. At the same time, it also contains magical powers, which can be used not only as alchemy materials, but also as weapons. ”
“另外，这树木在被制作成木凳前，已经具有至少千年的树龄。而木凳制作好以后，到被佣兵团发现，也有两千三百多年的历史。”
"In addition, the tree was at least 1,000 years old before it was made into a wooden bench. After the wooden bench was made, it was discovered by the mercenary group and had a history of more than 2,300 years. ”
拍卖师介绍到这里，略微停顿，环视在场所有客人后，才接着说道：“本行鉴定师只鉴定出这小木凳的材质和年代，并没有鉴定出它的作用。但我行鉴定师发现了一个很古怪的事，按理说，用黄玉心树制作的任何物品，都应该蕴含一定能量。可这个小木凳就没有。”
The auctioneer paused slightly, looked around at all the guests present, and then continued: "Our appraiser only identified the material and age of this small wooden stool, but did not identify its function. But the appraiser of my line has discovered a very strange thing, it stands to reason that any item made from the topaz heart tree should contain a certain amount of energy. But this little wooden stool doesn't have it. ”
“鉴定师怀疑这小木凳有可能宝物自晦，把能量藏匿了起来。但也有可能这小木凳就是一个普通的玩具，里面的能量也因为某种原因消散。”
The appraiser suspected that the small wooden stool might have hidden its energy. But it's also possible that the little wooden stool is just an ordinary toy, and the energy in it has dissipated for some reason. ”
拍卖师一敲拍卖钟：“这也是一件具有赌性的拍品，按照珍稀木料古董家具的价格，底价八百金币，最低加价十金，竞拍现在开始！”
The auctioneer rang the auction bell: "This is also a gambling lot, according to the price of rare wood and antique furniture, the reserve price is 800 gold coins, and the minimum price is increased by 10 gold, and the auction starts now!" ”
王叶眼神有点火热，低声问雷木：“木木，我们有多少能动用的资金？”
Wang Ye's eyes were a little hot, and he asked Lei Mu in a low voice: "Mumu, how much money do we have at our disposal?" ”
雷木略一计算：“如果算上之前拍出的东西，扣除拍卖行的手续费，你能落到2071个金币。再加上你昨晚的出诊费500金，再扣除我们拍石头的六十金，和你购买药草、木料与鲸须等材料的钱，你目前拥有现金2470金币左右。其他还有六枚魔晶，两颗价值十金到二十金的彩珠，一颗价值百金的珍珠魔晶。药泥……我想你应该舍不得卖，你炼制的成品药如果急需钱，可以交换，但会暴露你的身份。这就是你目前拥有的所有财产。”
Lei Mu calculated slightly: "If you count the things that were auctioned before, after deducting the auction house's handling fee, you can get 2,071 gold coins." Combined with your 500 gold for last night's visit fee, and after deducting the 60 gold we paid for the stones, and the money you spent on buying herbs, wood, baleen and other materials, you currently have about 2,470 gold in cash. There are also six magic crystals, two colored beads worth ten to twenty gold, and one pearl magic crystal worth 100 gold. Medicinal mud ...... I think you should be reluctant to sell it, if the finished medicine you refine is in urgent need of money, it can be exchanged, but it will reveal your identity. That's all the property you currently have. ”
王叶深吸气：“木木，我想把那个小凳子拍下来。” Wang Ye took a deep breath: "Mumu, I want to take a picture of that little stool." ”
不够他就卖药丸，总之这个小木凳他一定要拍下来。现在拍不下来，以后他更没有机会。上辈子，这小板凳可是拍出了三万魔晶的天价！金币人家都不肯要。
If it's not enough, he will sell pills, in short, he must take pictures of this small wooden stool. If he can't shoot it now, he won't have a chance in the future. In the previous life, this small bench was auctioned for a sky-high price of 30,000 magic crystals! No one wants gold coins.
雷木用更低的声音道：“那东西确实没有任何能量。” Remu said in a lower voice, "That thing really doesn't have any energy. ”
“我知道，那小凳子的能量被魔法阵锁住了，需要其他东西激发才能起作用。”
"I know that the energy of that little stool is locked in by the magic array, and it needs something else to activate it to work."
听到这句话，雷木就不再反对小叶子拍那个小凳子。小叶子显然知道那小凳子的底细，以及有什么作用。
Hearing this, Lei Mu no longer objected to Xiao Yezi patting the little stool. Xiao Yezi obviously knew the bottom of the small stool and what it did.
小凳子的竞拍并不算激烈，超过一千五百金币后就只有两三个人在竞价，而且每次加价都不多，都是十金二十金的往上加。
The bidding for the small stool was not too fierce, and after more than 1,500 gold coins, there were only two or three people bidding, and each time the price was not much, it was ten gold and twenty gold up.
王叶很有耐心，一直等到小凳子被叫价到一千六百金币，眼看拍卖师就要敲锤子，他才让雷木举手。
Wang Ye was very patient, and waited until the small stool was asked to 1,600 gold coins, and seeing that the auctioneer was about to hit the hammer, he asked Lei Mu to raise his hand.
“1610金。”雷木只加了最低的十金。 "1610 gold." Remu only added the minimum ten gold.
之前喊到一千六百金的人就坐在少数几个舱室中，他们手中有拍卖会给的魔法叫价器，不需要露面就能按下自己想报的价码。
The people who had shouted 1,600 gold before were sitting in a few cabins, and they had the magic bidders given by the auction in their hands, and they could press the price they wanted to quote without showing up.
红毛青年白卡卡瞟向船舷方向，他对小凳子有点兴趣，想要拍下来找人再仔细看看，眼看就快到手了，竟然有人截胡，哼！
The red-haired young man Bai Kaka glanced in the direction of the side of the boat, he was a little interested in the small stool, and wanted to take a picture of it and find someone to take a closer look, but it was almost there, and someone cut off his beard, hum!
很多人都转头看向雷木，不少人都在心中吃惊。 Many people turned their heads to look at Lei Mu, and many people were surprised in their hearts.
别看这场拍卖会来了不少人，大家都穿得人模狗样，但里面至少一半人全部家产加起来都不会超过一千金。
Don't look at the many people who came to this auction, everyone was dressed like dogs, but at least half of the people in it had no more than 1,000 gold in their entire family property.
海草岛主是最吃惊的一个，他知道这两人是海沟岛的贵客，也知道两人有本事，但没想到两人还这么有钱。
The owner of Seagrass Island was the most surprised, he knew that these two people were honored guests of Trench Island, and he also knew that the two of them had the ability, but he didn't expect the two to be so rich.
富秀山苦笑：他想笼络这对兄弟，就是以为他们有才能但没有多少家底，想着海草岛如果提出可以为他们提供修炼资源，两人也许会愿意留在海草岛。
Fu Xiushan smiled bitterly: He wanted to entrap the two brothers, just because he thought that they had talent but did not have much family background, and thought that if Seagrass Island offered to provide them with cultivation resources, the two might be willing to stay on Seagrass Island.
谁想，人家随随便便就喊出一千六百金币。而他这个岛主的全部家底加起来才多少？要如何满足这两人？
Who thinks, people casually shout out 1,600 gold coins. And how much does all the wealth of he, the owner of the island, add up? How do you satisfy these two?
富秀山彻底打消了让这两人留在海草岛的想法，决定以后好好笼络海沟岛。
Fu Xiushan completely dispelled the idea of letting these two stay on Seagrass Island, and decided to take care of Trench Island in the future.
红毛再次按下叫价器。 Redfur pressed the bidder again.
拍卖师立刻反应：“二号包厢客人，喊价1700金！”
The auctioneer immediately reacted: "The guest in the second box shouts 1,700 gold!" ”
王叶气：这谁啊，一下涨这么多？有钱也不能这么往水里扔啊。
Wang Yeqi: Who is this, it has risen so much at once? If you have money, you can't throw it into the water like that.
“五号包厢客人，喊价1750金！”拍卖师兴奋。 "Guests in box five, shouting 1750 gold!" The auctioneer was excited.
雷木看王叶。 Lei Mu looked at Wang Ye.
王叶狠狠点头。 Wang Ye nodded fiercely.
雷木再次举手：“1800。” Raimu raised his hand again: "1800." ”
红毛也发狠了：“1900！” The red hair was also ruthless: "1900! ”
拍卖师笑成了一朵花，这才像是珍品的拍卖价嘛，好歹是倒数第三件的拍品，怎么也不能比开场拍品弱吧。
The auctioneer smiled like a flower, this is like the auction price of a treasure, but it is the third-to-last lot, so it can't be weaker than the opening lot.
雷木还没喊价，五号包厢喊出：“1910。” Before Lei Mu could shout the price, the fifth box shouted: "1910." ”
红毛气坏了，喊出了两千的高价。 The red hair was angry and shouted out the high price of two thousand.
王叶也气得跳脚，这两个混蛋，每次加价都加这么多，显摆他们有钱是吗！他赚点钱容易嘛？
Wang Ye was also so angry that he jumped to his feet, these two bastards, every time they increase the price, they add so much, showing that they have money, right! Is it easy for him to make some money?
雷木抿了抿嘴唇，看向小叶子。 Lei Mu pursed his lips and looked at Xiao Yezi.
王叶恶狠狠地竖起手指，雷木了然，再次喊价：“2010。”
Wang Ye raised his finger viciously, Lei Mu understood, and shouted again: "2010." ”
五号包厢紧跟：“2050。” Box 5 followed: "2050." ”
红毛直接骂出来：“这哪来的两混蛋玩意，每次都比本少爷多几十金是什么意思？他们是不是知道本少是谁，故意抬价呢？”
The red hair scolded directly: "Where did these two bastards come from, what do you mean by dozens of gold more than Young Master Ben every time?" Do they know who Ben Shao is and deliberately raise the price? ”
他身边的侍卫立刻提醒他：“少爷，如果那两人真的是故意抬价，那您还是放手吧，如果买回去发现也不是什么特别的东西，就是个玩具。让家主知道您花那么多金币就买一个小孩子玩具，恐怕……”
The guards beside him immediately reminded him: "Young Master, if those two people really deliberately raised the price, then you better let it go, if you buy it back and find that it is not something special, it is just a toy." Let the head of the house know that you spent so many gold coins to buy a small child's toy, I'm afraid it ......"
红毛也不是不知好歹的人，不过他还是气不过，最后报了一次：“2100金！”
Hongmao is not a person who doesn't know what to do, but he still can't be angry, and finally reported: "2100 gold!" ”
五号包厢没了反应。 Box 5 was unresponsive.
雷木等到拍卖师开始喊第二遍，才再次举手：“2110。”
Lei Mu waited until the auctioneer began to shout a second time before raising his hand again: "2110." ”
红毛很想再按一个新价格，但被身边忠心侍卫劝住：“少爷，那两人明显是在打配合钓鱼，如果您这时候出个高价，东西恐怕就真归您了。”
The red fur wanted to press a new price, but was persuaded by the loyal guards beside him: "Young master, those two are obviously cooperating in fishing, if you make a high price at this time, I'm afraid the thing will really belong to you." ”
另一名侍卫也劝道：“是啊，不如您现在放手，让那家伙把那小凳子买回去。如果两人就是卖主，或者故意抬价的，非得气死不可。”
Another guard also advised, "yes, why don't you let go now and let that guy buy that little stool back." If the two of them are sellers, or deliberately raise the price, they have to be angry. ”
红毛深觉有理，正好他也不是特别想要那小凳子，当即决定放手……这件事后来让他懊悔了一辈子，尤其在他知道王叶那时的财产全部加起来不超过三千金后。
The red hair felt that it was reasonable, and it happened that he didn't particularly want the little stool, so he immediately decided to let it go...... This incident later made him regret it for the rest of his life, especially after he knew that Wang Ye's property at that time did not add up to more than three thousand gold.
五号包厢见二号包厢没有跟，也没再出价。 Box No. 5 saw that Box No. 2 did not follow, and did not bid again.
拍卖师连问三遍，再也没有人出更高的价格，最后只得敲响拍卖锤，确定了小凳子的买主。
The auctioneer asked three times, but no one offered a higher price, and finally had to ring the auction hammer to identify the buyer of the small stool.
两千多金币，就买一个小板凳，这在许多人看来，就和王叶看人家花巨款买古董一样，都觉得是有钱没地方花。
For more than 2,000 gold coins, buy a small bench, which in the eyes of many people, is the same as Wang Ye watching people spend huge sums of money to buy antiques, they all feel that there is money and no place to spend.
富秀山想到这两人是海沟村的贵客，心里就忍不住冒出羡慕妒忌的情绪，为什么海沟岛能这么幸运？为什么这两人一开始漂流到的岛屿不是他们海草岛？唉！
Fu Xiushan thought that these two people were honored guests of Trench Village, and he couldn't help but feel envious and jealous in his heart, why could Trench Island be so lucky? Why wasn't the island they drifted to in the first place to be Seagrass Island? Alas!
在别人眼中富豪了一把的王叶得到了小凳子，谁也不知道他的心疼得在滴血。
In the eyes of others, Wang Ye, who was rich, got a small stool, and no one knew that his heart was dripping blood.
王叶捂住心脏，眼不见为净的让雷木把小凳子收起来。 Wang Ye covered his heart, and out of sight, he asked Lei Mu to put away the small stool.
他的小钱钱啊~，原本他还是两千万级别的富翁，拍个小板凳，就剩下三百多了。
His little money~, originally he was still a 20 million-level billionaire, and if he took a small bench, there were more than 300 left.
如果不是这玩意有大作用，能给予机会让他和雷木变强，他才不会在初期就花费这么多钱，他……其实更想等别人买下来再打劫，但谁让他修炼的是因果之力。
If it weren't for the fact that this thing had a big effect and could give him and Lei Mu a chance to become stronger, he wouldn't have spent so much money in the early days, he ...... In fact, he wanted to wait for others to buy it before robbing it, but who made him cultivate the power of cause and effect.
主动打劫这事也只能想想了。 I can only think about taking the initiative to rob myself.
之后的两件拍品，最后成交价都超过了五千金，尤其是压轴的魔法武器，只差一个金币就到七千金，最后被二号包厢的红毛青年拍下。
The next two lots were finally sold for more than 5,000 gold, especially the magic weapon in the finale, which was only one gold coin short of 7,000 gold, and was finally auctioned by the red-haired young man in the second box.
原本这种小拍卖会的压轴品要不了这么多钱，但五号包厢一直在跟他抬价，偏偏红毛青年这次来拍卖会就是为了这件与他属性很吻合的魔法武器，只能咬牙拍。
Originally, the finale of this kind of small auction didn't cost so much money, but the fifth box has been raising the price with him, but the red-haired young man came to the auction this time for this magic weapon that is very consistent with his attributes, so he can only grit his teeth and shoot.
最后拍出了一个和在大拍卖会差不多的拍卖价。 In the end, he sold a price similar to that in the big auction.
拍卖会结束，红毛青年让人去打听和他故意抬价的五号包厢的客人是谁，当得知里面的客人就是库曼商会的管事罗威尔后，差点打上门去。
At the end of the auction, the red-haired young man asked people to inquire who the guests in the No. 5 box he deliberately raised the price were, and when he learned that the guests inside were Rowell, the steward of the Cuman Chamber of Commerce, he almost knocked on the door.
王叶此时正在和拍卖行结账，并表示他愿意出钱购买全套的切石工具。
Wang Ye was settling accounts with the auction house at this time, and said that he was willing to pay for a full set of stone-cutting tools.
他从雷木口中了解到，那石头里面蕴含了很庞大的能量，石头外壳笼罩并遮掩了这股能量，如果切开，只要是武者和异术师就都能察觉这股能量。所以他打算买了工具，回去海沟岛再切开。
He learned from Lei Mu's mouth that the stone contained a huge amount of energy, and the stone shell shrouded and covered this energy, and if it was cut, as long as it was a warrior and a magician, it would be perceptible to this energy. So he planned to buy tools and go back to Trench Island to cut again.
可拍卖行婉拒了。解释说这里不是大陆，他们也就随船带了一套切割工具，卖给他，他们就没得用。
But the auction house politely refused. Explaining that this was not a continent, they brought a set of cutting tools with the ship and sold them to him, so they didn't have to use it.
拍卖行又热情地推荐，说他们可以免费提供全套的切石工具和专业的切割师，并且提供单间，确保顾客隐私。
The auction house also warmly recommended that they could provide a full set of stone cutting tools and professional cutters for free, and that they would provide private rooms to ensure the privacy of customers.
王叶很清楚拍卖行的套路，在他们这里切割，如果发现是好东西，不但可以给拍卖行扬名，他们如果不想要那东西或者守不住，拍卖行还能直接收购。
Wang Ye is very aware of the auction house's routine, cutting it here, if it is found to be a good thing, not only can it make the auction house famous, but if they don't want that thing or can't keep it, the auction house can also buy it directly.
雷木看不得小家伙为难，就把王叶拉到一旁，跟他低声说道：“在这里切吧，没事，我可以封印十立方左右的空间，让里面的能量不会外泄。”
Lei Mu couldn't see the little guy embarrassed, so he pulled Wang Ye aside and whispered to him: "Cut it here, it's okay, I can seal the space of about ten cubic meters, so that the energy inside will not leak out." ”
王叶精神一振：“这感情好，那就在这里切。” Wang Ye's spirits perked up: "This feeling is good, then cut it here." ”
他真的很想早点看到那石头里面是什么，刚才他对石头施展了鉴定术，但鉴定术只鉴定出外壳，表示石头里面的东西无法鉴定，让王叶把石头切开再说。
He really wanted to see what was inside the stone earlier, just now he performed the identification technique on the stone, but the identification technique only identified the outer shell, indicating that the contents of the stone could not be identified, so let Wang Ye cut the stone open.
两人拒绝了拍卖会介绍的切割师，雷木负责动手，他有眼术，能清楚看到里面那团能量的轮廓，切割石头绝对比切割师更准确。
The two of them rejected the cutter introduced by the auction, and Remu was in charge of the hands, he had eyesight, he could clearly see the outline of the mass of energy inside, and he was definitely more accurate at cutting stones than the cutter.
岩药师想要询问药泥详细，追到船下，就听说两人去切石头了，他就跑去那间仓库外面等。
The rock medicine master wanted to inquire about the details of the medicine mud, and when he chased it under the boat, he heard that the two of them had gone to cut stones, so he ran to wait outside the warehouse.
仓库内，雷木把石头摆上切割机，用最快速度沿着中线切了一圈缝。
In the warehouse, Lei Mu put the stone on the cutting machine and cut a circle of seams along the center line as fast as he could.
现在石头外壳只剩下薄薄的一层。 Now only a thin layer remains of the stone shell.
雷木使用秘术：“封！” Lei Mu used the secret technique: "Seal!" ”
一个刺青文字从雷木脸上浮起，逐渐扩大笼罩住以两人和切割机为中心的十立方米空间。
A tattoo of text floated from Lei Mu's face, gradually expanding to envelop the ten cubic meters of space centered on the two people and the cutter.
等到空间被封锁完毕，雷木再次使用秘术，手指对准石头，轻喝：“开！”
When the space was blocked, Lei Mu used the secret technique again, pointed his finger at the stone, and shouted: "Open!" ”
一个刺青文字瞬间笼罩住石头，石头应声而开，里面的东西陡然放出刺眼的光芒。
A tattoo text instantly enveloped the stone, and the stone opened in response, and the contents suddenly emitted a dazzling light.
两人齐齐遮住眼睛。 The two of them covered their eyes in unison.
王叶第一时间用手指接触那发光物体，默念：“鉴定详细！”
Wang Ye immediately touched the luminous object with his fingers, and silently recited: "The identification is detailed!" ”
百科全书打开，浮现出两段文字： The encyclopedia opened, revealing two paragraphs:
【长期未孵化的金精灵石卵一枚。精灵族特产，尚有活性，有一定几率孵化出金精灵。孵化需要极阳之金精一百克，极寒之铁精一百克，中和用秘银一百克，月光石一枚，光之玉心一枚，灵液五升，生命之树叶片一枚。】
[A golden elf stone egg that has not hatched for a long time.] The elf family is a specialty, still active, and has a certain chance of hatching a golden elf. To hatch, you need 100 grams of Extreme Yang Gold Essence, 100 grams of Extreme Cold Iron Essence, 100 grams of Mithril for neutralization, 1 Moonstone, 1 Jade Heart of Light, 5 liters of Spiritual Liquid, and 1 Tree of Life Leaf. 】
【警告：非精灵族得到精灵石卵，如不送回给精灵族，必会被精灵族追杀。一旦石卵孵化，精灵族会立刻感知并出门寻找，请孵化者千万小心。】
[Warning: If you don't get the elven stone eggs, you will be hunted down by the elves.] Once the stone eggs hatch, the elves will immediately sense them and go out to look for them, so please be careful. 】
王叶脑中冒出不下千字的脏话后，收回手指对雷木道：“木木，把这玩意卖掉吧，咱们养不起。”
After Wang Ye came out of his mind with no less than a thousand words of swearing, he withdrew his finger and said to Lei Mu: "Mumu, sell this thing, we can't afford to raise it." ”
雷木满脸问号：“这是什么？” Lei Mu's face was full of question marks: "What is this?" ”
王叶死鱼眼：“精灵卵，还是金精灵的石卵。咱们和精灵族真有缘，呵呵。”
Wang Ye dead fish eyes: "The elf egg is still the stone egg of the golden elf." We really have a relationship with the elves, hehe. ”
雷木：“……卖精灵石卵会被精灵族追杀的吧。” Remu: "...... Selling elven stone eggs will be hunted down by the elves. ”
“是啊，我们又给了精灵族一个追杀我们的理由。”王叶是真的决定把这破玩意给卖掉，不说追杀的问题，就这个精灵石卵孵化需要的材料，就能让一个大贵族家破产。
"Yes, we've given the elves another reason to hunt us down." Wang Ye really decided to sell this thing, not to mention the problem of chasing and killing, just the materials needed for the hatching of this elf stone egg can bankrupt a big nobleman's family.
他疯了才会留着这么一只石卵。有那些宝贝，他用来提高他和木头的实力不香吗？就算把那些孵化材料拿去卖钱，也比帮人家孵卵还被追杀的好！
He was crazy to keep such a stone egg. Isn't it fragrant to have those treasures that he uses to improve his strength and wood? Even if you sell those hatching materials for money, it's better than helping others hatch eggs and be hunted down!
第56章 坑货、打劫 Chapter 56: Robbery and Robbery
雷木提议：“要么把石卵送回给精灵族？或者在佣兵公会发布一个任务，表示我们手里有精灵族的委托物，让精灵族自己来找我们？说不定我们还能获得精灵族的友谊。”
Raimu proposed, "Or send the stone eggs back to the elves?" Or post a quest in the Mercenary Guild to indicate that we have a commission from the Elves and let the Elves come to us on their own? Maybe we'll be able to gain the friendship of the elves. ”
王叶更想卖掉。 Wang Ye wanted to sell it even more.
精灵族地路途遥远，他们要一路把石卵护送过去，这一路上天知道会发生什么事情。就算送到地头，也不一定就能获得精灵族感激，如果让精灵族发现雷木身上的精灵空间，那结果就更不好说。还不如把石卵换成钱。
The elves are a long way off, and they have to escort the stone eggs all the way, and God knows what will happen along the way. Even if it is sent to the ground, it may not be able to win the gratitude of the elves, and if the elves discover the elven space on Lei Mu's body, the result will be even more difficult to say. It's better to exchange the stone eggs for money.
“发布任务就算了，与精灵族有关的东西都比较容易引人觊觎，到时候精灵族没先找到我们，先让其他人盯上我们就惨了。”王叶道。
"Even if you release a task, things related to the elves are easier to covet, and when the elves don't find us first, it will be miserable for others to target us first." Wang Ye said.
雷木心里也不太想去精灵族，不知为何他的潜意识似乎很排斥去精灵族地。
Lei Mu didn't really want to go to the elves in his heart, and for some reason his subconscious seemed to be very reluctant to go to the elven land.
“那就卖掉？”雷木根据他以前听到的小道消息，说道：“一颗纯单属性的精灵石卵，还是有活性的，在大型拍卖会上最少也能拍出上万魔晶。哪怕你直接卖给拍卖行，应该也能卖出最少七八万金币。拍立得比较有信誉，我们把精灵石卵卖给他们，他们应该不会出卖我们。”
"Sell it then?" Lei Mu said according to the gossip he had heard before: "A pure single-attribute elf stone egg is still active, and it can sell at least tens of thousands of magic crystals in a large-scale auction. Even if you sell directly to the auction house, you should be able to sell at least 70,000 or 80,000 gold coins. Polaroid is more reputable, and if we sell them elven stone eggs, they probably won't betray us. ”
王叶按住心脏，七八万魔晶，那就是七八亿华夏币！ Wang Ye held down his heart, seventy or eighty thousand magic crystals, that is seven or eight billion Huaxia coins!
王叶心动了，正要说那就卖掉吧。 Wang Ye was moved, and was about to say that he would sell it.
【任务发布：精灵族珍惜每一个族人，包括没有孵化的精灵卵。玩家隔壁小王非常幸运的在拍卖会中拍下一枚具有活性的金精灵石卵，为了让这枚精灵石卵能尽早并安全地孵化，请隔壁小王在三个月之内把这枚石卵送到金精灵族地。注意，金精灵族地需要玩家自己寻找。任务完成，奖励一万点经验值。请问隔壁小王是否接受任务？】
[Mission Release: The Elves cherish every one of them, including the unhatched Elven eggs. In order to let this elf stone egg hatch as soon as possible and safely, please send this stone egg to the Golden Elf clan within three months. Note that the Golden Elf Land needs to be found by the player. Complete the mission and reward 10,000 XP points. Does Xiao Wang next door accept the task? 】
王叶：一万点？超级丰厚啊，可以直接让他升两级。 Wang Ye: 10,000 points? It's super rich, and you can directly upgrade him to two levels.
正好他知道精灵族地在哪里，虽然不确定那是不是金精灵族地，但精灵族地都聚集在一起，找到一个，就能问到其他个。
It just so happened that he knew where the elf land was, although he wasn't sure if it was the golden elf land, but the elf land was all gathered together, and if he found one, he could ask about the others.
一万点经验值，和七八万金币以及一堆未知的麻烦，王叶摇摆不定。
With 10,000 experience points, 70,000 or 80,000 gold coins and a bunch of unknown troubles, Wang Ye wavered.
主要是囚犯岛和海草岛还有他想图谋的东西，他不想这么快离开。
Mainly Prisoner Island and Seagrass Island and what he wanted to plot, he didn't want to leave so soon.
系统似乎感知到他的动摇一般，又给他来了第二击，这次蛊惑力度较强：
The system seemed to sense his vacillation, and gave him a second blow, this time with a stronger demagogy:
【任务发布：纯单属性精灵异常珍贵，护送精灵石卵的路途遥远又充满未知，如玩家隔壁小王能在送达前孵化该石卵，保证金精灵幼崽成活，孵化成功后，奖励经验值十万点。孵化失败，玩家等级降一级。请问隔壁小王是否接受任务？】
[Task release: Pure single-attribute elves are extremely precious, and the road to escort elf stone eggs is far away and full of unknowns, such as the player's next door Xiao Wang can hatch the stone egg before delivery, and guarantee the survival of the elf cubs, and after successful hatching, the experience value will be rewarded with 100,000 points. Hatching fails, and the player's level is downgraded by one level. Does Xiao Wang next door accept the task? 】
王叶凝固了。 Wang Ye froze.
卧槽！十万点经验值，这破游戏真的难得这么大方。 it! 100,000 experience points, this broken game is really rare to be so generous.
如果他能完成这个任务，他就能从四级直接升到十五级，可以进副本了，同时他的因果之力技能也能再增加两个。
If he can complete this task, he will be able to directly upgrade from level four to level fifteen, and he will be able to enter the dungeon, and his causal power skill can also be increased by two.
可这个任务如果容易完成，游戏也不会奖励他十万点的巨款。
But if this task is easy to complete, the game will not reward him with a huge sum of 100,000 points.
不说精灵族追杀等乱七八糟的问题，就是那些孵化材料，要到哪里弄？
Not to mention the messy problems such as the pursuit and killing of the elves, that is, where to get those hatching materials?
购买？ Purchase?
钱从哪里来？ Where does the money come from?
那可都是天材地宝榜上的奇珍异宝，每一样都价格不菲。
It's all a rare treasure on the list of natural treasures, and each of them is expensive.
可就这么放弃，又好舍不得。 But just give up, and I can't bear it.
十万点经验值啊，哪怕他重生归来，知道一些获得经验值的游戏攻略，十万点也不是那么好赚的。
100,000 experience points, even if he returns from rebirth and knows some game strategies to gain experience points, 100,000 points are not so easy to earn.
王叶开始纠结。 Wang Ye began to struggle.
要么就先收集材料，收集齐了，再接下任务？否则就把石卵卖掉。
Or do you just collect the materials first, collect them all, and then take on the task? Otherwise, sell the stone eggs.
【警告！金精灵石卵已经脱离孵化延迟保护外壳，必须在三个月内孵化，超过时间，该精灵石卵会丧失活性，彻底成为死卵。越早孵化，孵化几率越高。】
【Warning! The Golden Elf Stone Egg has been removed from the hatching delay protection shell and must hatch within three months, beyond which the Elf Stone Egg will lose its vitality and become a dead egg completely. The earlier you hatch, the higher the chance of hatching. 】
【请注意，玩家隔壁小王身上已经沾上金精灵石卵的气息，该气息不可消除，一旦精灵石卵丧失活性，玩家隔壁小王和金精灵族好感度将自动变成仇恨，和精灵族全族的好感度将自动变成厌恶。玩家隔壁小王今后遇到精灵族，将被动挂上“我就是让你看不顺眼”的负面效果。】
[Please note that the player's next door Xiao Wang has been stained with the breath of the Golden Elf Stone Egg, which cannot be eliminated, once the Spirit Stone Egg is inactive, the player's friendship with the Golden Elf Clan next door will automatically become hatred, and the friendship with the entire Elf Clan will automatically become disgust. When the player next door Xiao Wang encounters the elves in the future, he will passively hang the negative effect of "I just make you look unpleasant". 】
王叶：“……”这是哪来的坑货？这根本就是强买强卖！
Wang Ye: "......" Where did this come from? This is simply a forced buy and a strong sell!
他真的不觉得他能在短短三个月内把那些孵化材料全都收集齐全。
He really didn't think he would be able to collect all the hatching materials in just three months.
可这个警告一出，他就算把精灵石卵转卖掉，如果对方不能在三个月内把金精灵幼崽孵化出来，他一样会和精灵族结仇。
But as soon as this warning came out, even if he sold the elf stone eggs, if the other party couldn't hatch the golden elf cubs within three months, he would also have a grudge against the elves.
那么就只能赶在三个月期限前，把石卵送到金精灵族地？
Then you can only send the stone eggs to the Golden Elf Clan before the three-month deadline?
可那样一来就把他的原计划全部打乱，而且精灵族地特别远，鬼知道这一路能不能顺顺利利。
But that would disrupt all his original plans, and the elves were so far away that the ghost knew if the road would go smoothly.
所以最有效的方法，就是一边加紧速度把精灵石卵往精灵族地送，一边在路上尝试孵化其？
So the most effective way is to speed up the elf stone eggs to the elf land, and try to hatch them on the way?
啊啊啊！这个该死的超级大坑货！都已经花了爷六十金币，还想花我更多钱。爷有钱也不是养你的！你个龟孙！王叶怒了，用力戳光卵。
Ahhh This damn super big pit shit! I've already spent sixty gold coins, and I want to spend more. If you have money, you won't be able to support you! You're a turtle grandson! Wang Ye was angry and poked the eggs hard.
这会儿精灵卵的光芒已经不刺眼，变成了一种很柔和的浅金色光芒。
At this moment, the light of the elf egg was no longer dazzling, and turned into a very soft light golden light.
手指戳下去，竟然有回弹力。 When the finger poked down, there was a rebound force.
王叶又用力戳了几下。 Wang Ye poked hard a few more times.
雷木以为王叶在玩，不得不提醒他：“我的能量封锁有时间限制，现在我们是把这枚精灵石卵收起来，还是直接卖给交易行？”
Lei Mu thought that Wang Ye was playing, so he had to remind him: "My energy blockade has a time limit, now should we put away this elf stone egg, or sell it directly to the trading house?" ”
王叶愣了愣：“它能收进你的空间吗？我以为那空间不能装活物。”
Wang Ye was stunned: "Can it be stored in your space?" I thought that space couldn't hold living things. ”
雷木也才想到这个问题，推测：“也许没孵化前，它就跟植物种子一样？”
Lei Mu also thought of this question and speculated: "Maybe before it hatches, it is like a plant seed?" ”
“也只有这个可能了。”王叶苦恼地抓头发：“木木，怎么办，我又想孵化它，又想卖掉它。”
"That's the only way to do it." Wang Ye grabbed his hair in distress: "Mumu, what should I do, I want to hatch it again, and I want to sell it again." ”
雷木非常现实地道：“精灵族不同于魔兽，你孵化出来，对方也不会成为你的魔宠，你还得像养孩子一样养育他、教导他。精灵族还是半长生种，他们的幼年期非常长，你知道要如何养育一个精灵吗？还有孵化精灵卵肯定不会那么简单。我个人建议，目前最好的处置方法就是在其他人尤其是精灵族知道之前，把它卖掉。”
Lei Mu said very realistically: "The elf clan is different from the demonic beast, if you hatch it, the other party will not become your demon pet, you still have to raise him and teach him like a child." Elves are still semi-immortal, they have a very long juvenile period, do you know how to raise an elf? And hatching elf eggs will certainly not be so simple. Personally, I would suggest that the best way to dispose of it at the moment is to sell it before anyone else, especially the elves, knows about it. ”
“我大概知道要怎么孵化这枚精灵石卵。”王叶苦恼道：“只不过需要的孵化材料都很珍贵，每一种都是能上大型拍卖会的天材地宝。可现在问题是我们俩身上都沾上了这个坑货的气息，如果这坑货在三个月内没有孵化出来，我们以后要是遇到精灵族，十有八九会被追杀。”
"I probably know how to hatch this elven stone egg." Wang Ye said distressedly: "It's just that the hatching materials needed are all precious, and each one is a natural treasure that can be auctioned on a large scale." But now the problem is that both of us are stained with the breath of this pit goods, if this pit goods are not hatched within three months, if we encounter the elves in the future, there is a chance that we will be hunted down. ”
雷木：“……三个月？” Remu: "...... Trimester? ”
王叶痛苦点头：“只有三个月，刚才我们劈开的石头外壳是他的保护罩，没了这层保护罩，就必须在三个月孵化。超过三个月没能孵化成功，这个精灵卵就会变成死卵。”
Wang Ye nodded bitterly: "It's only three months, the stone shell we split just now is his protective cover, without this protective cover, it must hatch in three months." If it fails to hatch for more than three months, the elf egg will become a dead egg. ”
雷木也无语了：“这么说，我们现在想不孵化还不行了？”
Lei Mu was also speechless: "So, we can't do it now if we don't want to hatch?" ”
王叶特别丧气，又用力戳了光卵几下，骂：“赔钱货！亏死了。”
Wang Ye was very frustrated, poked the bare egg a few more times, and scolded: "Lose money!" Lost to death. ”
雷木被逗笑，“算了，我先把石卵收起来。到底怎么说，我们再看。对了，孵化这枚精灵卵需要哪些材料？”
Lei Mu was amused, "Forget it, I'll put away the stone eggs first." Let's see. By the way, what materials do you need to hatch this elf egg? ”
王叶回答。 Wang Ye replied.
雷木边听边把精灵石卵收入精灵空间。 Lei Mu listened as he put the elf stone eggs into the elf space.
嗯？石卵刚进入空间，雷木忽然感到一丝异样，但当他仔细去观察精灵空间时，又什么都没发现。
Well? As soon as the stone egg entered the space, Lei Mu suddenly felt a little strange, but when he carefully observed the elf space, he found nothing.
雷木以为自己感知错误，也没多想，随即收起能量封锁。
Lei Mu thought that he had misperceived it, so he didn't think much about it, and immediately put away the energy blockade.
岩药师已经在仓库外等待他们多时，看两人出来脸色都不太好看，尤其王叶，那脸黑的跟涂了墨汁一样。
The rock pharmacist had been waiting for them outside the warehouse for a long time, and when he saw that the two of them came out, their faces were not very good-looking, especially Wang Ye, whose face was as black as if he had been coated with ink.
岩药师失笑，安慰道：“买这种赌性较大的东西就这样，有可能开出宝贝，但绝大多数人都会买砸，我以前也受过好几次教训。六十金币也不多，就当花钱买个教训。”
The rock medicine master smiled and comforted: "It's like this to buy this kind of gambling thing, it is possible to open a treasure, but the vast majority of people will buy it, and I have been taught several times before." Sixty gold coins is not much, so you should spend money to buy a lesson. ”
王叶沮丧地：“嗯。” Wang Ye was frustrated: "Hmm." ”
岩药师的话，还有王叶两人的表情，让某些暗中留意的人都认为他们买到的石头切垮了。
The words of the rock medicine master, as well as the expressions of Wang Ye and the others, made some people who were secretly paying attention think that the stone they bought was cut down.
就连打算来询问开出什么宝贝、要不要转手卖给他们的拍卖行工作人员也知趣地没有凑过来。
Even the staff of the auction house, who was going to come and ask what treasures to be offered, and whether they wanted to sell them again, did not come over with interest.
有些抱着半路截道主意的人就此掉头，回去睡觉。 Some of those who had the idea of cutting off the road halfway turned around and went back to sleep.
但也有少数人盯上了雷木的空间戒指，并不打算放弃打劫这个在海域上最兴盛的职业。
But there are also a few people who have their eyes on Lei Mu's space ring, and they don't plan to give up robbing, the most prosperous profession in the sea.
王叶跟岩药师约定，明天把他引荐给药泥产地的拥有者们，让他亲自跟他们谈。
Wang Ye agreed with the rock pharmacist that he would be introduced to the owners of the medicinal mud production area tomorrow and let him talk to them in person.
“我相信岩伯伯是好人，不会坑他们。那海豆芽药泥是极好的东西，传出去必然会被人哄抢，那边的人保不住药泥，可那药泥如果就这么断了根也太可惜，而且那存放药泥的地方也比较特殊，岩伯伯有兴趣可以在里面做一些培养药泥和其他药材的实验。”王叶真心实意地道。
"I believe that Uncle Yan is a good person and will not cheat them. The sea bean sprouts medicinal mud is an excellent thing, and it will inevitably be robbed by people when it is passed out, and the people over there can't keep the medicinal mud, but it would be a pity if the medicinal mud is broken like this, and the place where the medicinal mud is stored is also relatively special, Uncle Yan is interested in doing some experiments on cultivating medicinal mud and other medicinal materials in it. Wang Ye said sincerely.
岩药师脸上露出笑容，但还是多问了一声：“你师父那边？”
A smile appeared on the face of the Rock Medicine Master, but he still asked more: "Where is your master?" ”
王叶九假一真地抱怨道：“我师父赶不过来，他前些年一直在教导我，把他憋坏了，今年见我略微学有所成，就把我赶出来让我去参加药师考核，他自己跑去白鹿国的十万大山，说是要找某种珍稀药草，还不知道什么时候出来。他就算在山里泡个一两年都有可能。”
Wang Yejiu complained innocently: "My master can't catch up, he has been teaching me a few years ago, suffocating him, this year he saw that I had achieved a little success, so he kicked me out and let me go to participate in the pharmacist assessment, he himself went to the 100,000 mountains of the White Deer Country, saying that he was looking for some kind of rare medicinal herb, and he didn't know when it would come out." Even if he soaked in the mountains for a year or two, it was possible. ”
岩药师解开最后一个疑惑，莞尔一笑。这种事在他们药师中很常见，有些药师就不喜欢坐诊，也不喜欢待在舒服安逸的城市中，就喜欢天南海北的到处找他们心仪的药材。
The Rock Medicine Master solved the last doubt and smiled. This kind of thing is very common among their pharmacists, some pharmacists don't like to sit in the clinic, and they don't like to stay in a comfortable and comfortable city, so they like to look for their favorite medicinal herbs everywhere.
雷木侧头看王叶，这说法听来太熟悉，小叶子这是把他说的那位药师的事套到他师父头上了吗？为什么？
Lei Mu looked sideways at Wang Ye, this statement sounds too familiar, did Xiao Yezi apply the matter of the pharmacist he said to his master? Why?
岩药师得到肯定答复，就和随从回去他们的商船了。 Receiving an affirmative reply, the Yakushi went back to their merchant ship with his retinue.
雷木和王叶牵着手往海草村走。 Lei Mu and Wang Ye held hands and walked towards Seagrass Village.
今晚因为有拍卖会，村子面向南边的大门虽然关闭，但只要拿出请柬说明自己是去参加拍卖会、又是住在村子里的，就会被允许放进村子里。
Tonight, because of the auction, the south gate of the village is closed, but as long as you show out the invitation card and explain that you are going to the auction and live in the village, you will be allowed to enter the village.
从海边码头到村子还有一段弯弯曲曲的板岩路，正常人步行要走十五分钟左右。
There is also a winding slate road from the seaside pier to the village, and it takes about 15 minutes for a normal person to walk.
村子和码头之间还有一道棕榈树和木麻黄夹杂的防风林。
There is also a windbreak of palm trees and casuarinas between the village and the marina.
雷木拉住王叶，停住脚步。 Lei Mu grabbed Wang Ye and stopped.
王叶：“怎么了？” Wang Ye: "What's wrong?" ”
雷木淡淡道：“有人在埋伏我们。” Lei Mu said lightly: "Someone is ambushing us. ”
王叶的沮丧瞬间消失，整个人都活泛了起来：“有打劫的？太好了！”
Wang Ye's frustration disappeared in an instant, and the whole person came alive: "There is a robbery? That's great! ”
雷木侧目。 Raimu looked sideways.
王叶这才发觉自己太高兴了，对着手指嘿嘿道：“我听说黑吃黑最赚了。”
Wang Ye realized that he was so happy, and said to his fingers: "I heard that black eating black is the most profitable." ”
雷木弹了弹他的额头：“一边待着去。” Lei Mu flicked his forehead: "Stay and go." ”
埋伏的人见他们的行动已经被看破，也不躲藏了，直接杀了出来。
Seeing that their actions had been seen through, the ambushers did not hide, and directly killed them.
王叶不但没有往后退，还往前走了两步：“哟，全都蒙着脸呢？杀气好重，这是想杀人？”
Wang Ye not only didn't retreat, but also took two steps forward: "Yo, all of them are covered with their faces?" The murderous aura is so heavy, this is trying to kill someone? ”
“不想死也行，把储物空间交出来！”一人忍不住捏着嗓子喊道。
"If you don't want to die, hand over the storage space!" One couldn't help but pinch his throat and shout.
雷木就知道他在拍卖会上使用储物空间会遇到这种事，但总不能因为有人眼馋，他就不使用空间。
Reimu knew that he would encounter this kind of thing when he used storage space at auction, but he couldn't stop using space just because someone was greedy.
既然是迟早的事，那就打吧。 Since it's a matter of time, let's fight.
王叶拉开因果卷，看着那一个个跟他因果相连的人物名称，眼中满是冰冷的嘲讽。只要他需要，他心念一动，甚至能通过那名字查看到对方的详细信息，包括他们的真实模样。
Wang Ye opened the cause and effect scroll and looked at the names of the characters connected to his cause and effect, his eyes were full of cold mockery. As long as he needs to, he can even see the details of the other party through the name, including their true appearance.
王叶突然大叫：“真实之眼发动！原来你是库曼商会的护卫，你叫贾森，初级武师。”
Wang Ye suddenly shouted: "The Eye of Truth is activated!" It turns out that you are the escort of the Cuman Chamber of Commerce, and your name is Jason, a junior martial artist. ”
贾森大吃一惊，这小孩怎么可能认出他？ Jason was taken aback, how could this kid possibly recognize him?
王叶又面向第二个蒙面者：“你也是库曼商会的护卫，你叫贝克，还是一名中级武师。”
Wang Ye faced the second masked man again: "You are also the guard of the Cuman Chamber of Commerce, your name is Baker, and you are still an intermediate martial artist. ”
贝克惊得身形顿住，被雷木一脚踹飞。 Baker was stunned and froze, and was kicked away by Thunderwood.
王叶又看向第三个人：“哎呀呀，除了库曼商会，竟然连黎家的人都来了，我认识你，你是那个管事身边的护卫，原来你们是春木上国七大家族之一的黎家人。哇，你竟然还是高级武师。你们好不要脸！昨晚我才救了你们黎家的人，你们竟然今晚就来打劫我和我哥。这就是你们黎家这么有钱的原因吗？”
Wang Ye looked at the third person again: "Oh, in addition to the Cuman Chamber of Commerce, even the people of the Li family are here, I know you, you are the guard next to the steward, it turns out that you are the Li family, one of the seven major families of the Chunmu Shangguo." Wow, you're still a high-level martial artist. Shameless of you! I saved your Li family last night, and you came to rob me and my brother tonight. Is this why your Li family is so rich? ”
小孩子的声音本身就比较尖锐，再加上这时正是夜深人静的时候，又是在比较开阔的地带，王叶这么一叫喊，附近距离不远的住户和船只全都听见了。
The child's voice itself was relatively sharp, and it was the dead of night at this time, and it was in a relatively open area, Wang Ye's shout was heard, and all the nearby residents and boats not far away heard it.
黎家护卫也不可置信，直到同伴提醒他：“刚才这小孩好像喊了一声真实之眼发动。他很可能是眼睛方面的异术师，他看出了我们的真实身份。”
The Li family's guards were also incredulous, until their companion reminded him: "Just now, this kid seems to have shouted the True Eye. He may well be an eye magician, and he sees who we really are. ”
“见鬼！这小孩怎么会这样的异术。”不管是黎家还是库曼商会的人都后悔了，他们要是知道这小孩能使用真实之眼，他们保证不会轻易拦路抢劫。
"Hell! How could this kid be so magical? "Whether it is the Li family or the people of the Cuman Chamber of Commerce, they all regret it, if they knew that this child could use the True Eye, they promised that they would not easily block the road and rob it.
现在已经被人知道他们的身份，怎么办？ Now that their identities are known, what should I do?
“先把东西拿到手再说。”说话的人咬牙，反正身份已经暴露，不如在海草岛护卫队赶来之前速战速决。
"Get your hands on it first." The person who spoke gritted his teeth, anyway, his identity had been exposed, so it was better to fight quickly before the Seagrass Island Escort arrived.
“抓住那个小的！” "Catch that little one!"
“想抓我威胁我哥？做梦！”不等打劫者扑过来，王叶手指连勾，【纠缠不清】群攻发动，凡是在场的打劫者全都被缠住双脚，行动立刻受到限制。
"Want to catch me and threaten my brother? Dream! Without waiting for the robbers to pounce, Wang Ye's fingers hooked, and the [entangled] group attack was launched, and all the robbers present were all entangled in their feet, and their movements were immediately restricted.
还有人脖子被勒住，吓得不住用手去抓挠自己的脖子，却没发现任何缠绕脖颈的东西。
There are also people whose necks are strangled and are so frightened that they scratch their necks with their hands, but they don't find anything wrapped around their necks.
雷木行动如电，身手极佳，面对高级武师也不落下风，最可怕的是他的异术，出手就是杀招：“杀！”
Lei Mu acts like electricity, his skills are excellent, and he does not fall behind in the face of high-level martial artists, the most terrifying thing is his strange art, and the shot is a killing move: "Kill!" ”
一道道字符从他脸上飘起，落到那些打劫者身上，不是立刻见血，就是立时要了对方人命。
Characters floated up from his face and fell on those robbers, either immediately seeing blood, or immediately killing the other party.
原本这些打劫者也不至于这么无能，就那么傻站着被雷木击杀。
Originally, these robbers would not have been so incompetent, so stupid to stand and be killed by Lei Mu.
谁让现场还有个王叶，他的因果线最大程度地纠缠住这些打劫者，让他们行动困难。
Who let there be a Wang Ye on the scene, and his causal line entangles these robbers to the greatest extent and makes it difficult for them to act.
王叶不仅用【纠缠不清】缠住打劫者的双脚，还去纠缠他们的双手和脖颈，最后结果……
Wang Ye not only used [entanglement] to entangle the feet of the robbers, but also entangled their hands and necks, and the final result was ......
雷木发现他打得特别轻松，简直就跟打木头桩子一样。 Remu found that he played with great ease, almost like hitting a wooden stake.
这些打劫者原本有十分的实力，可真正展现出来的可能连三四分都不到。
These robbers originally had ten points of strength, but they might not even be able to show three or four points.
不到片刻，雷木就把六名打劫者全部击倒。 In less than a moment, Remu knocked out all six of the robbers.
王叶欢呼一声，扑过去摸尸。 Wang Ye cheered and rushed over to touch the corpse.
有个别打劫者还没死，但也都没了害人的力气，只能任由王叶把他们全身上下都搜索了个遍，连鞋子都脱了，就算藏得再隐秘的东西都被搜了出来。
There are a few robbers who are not dead, but they have no strength to harm people, so they can only let Wang Ye search their whole body, even their shoes are taken off, even the things that are hidden are searched.
“唉，普通打劫者就这点不好，没有储物空间。”王叶手里捏着几个钱袋，还有两张从亵裤内兜和鞋垫下面摸出来的不记名钱卡，摇头晃脑地感叹。
"Alas, that's not good for ordinary robbers, there's no storage space." Wang Ye held a few money bags in his hands, as well as two bearer money cards that were found under the inner pockets and insoles of his trousers, and shook his head and sighed.
“怎么就不多带点钱呢？现在的打劫者真是越来越没职业道德了。”
"Why don't you bring more money? Today's robbers are becoming more and more unethical. ”
我草你的职业道德！被搜出棺材本的护卫气得浑身疼，如果不是牙齿掉了好多，一说话就漏风，他简直想对小孩吼：你找财物的本事怎么这么老道？你就说你是不是职业黑吃黑！
I'll grass your work ethic! The guard who was found out of the coffin was so angry that he was in pain, if it weren't for the fact that he lost a lot of teeth and leaked air as soon as he spoke, he almost wanted to yell at the child: Why is your ability to find property so old-fashioned? You just say that you are not a professional black eater!
雷木拍拍王叶的后脑勺，“走了。” Lei Mu patted the back of Wang Ye's head, "Let's go." ”
他们打完，海草岛的护卫队才见到人影。 After they finished fighting, the escort team of Seagrass Island saw a human figure.
雷木和王叶都不想和护卫队的人啰嗦，抬腿就走。 Lei Mu and Wang Ye didn't want to talk to the people of the escort team, so they raised their legs and left.
护卫队的人只看到两人背影，想要叫住他们，被队长制止：“算了，我知道那两人是谁，他们没问题，有问题的是这些蒙面客。”
The people of the escort team only saw the backs of the two people, and wanted to stop them, but were stopped by the captain: "Forget it, I know who those two are, they are fine, the problem is these masked guests." ”
“还蒙面客，不就是一群见不得人的臭打劫的海匪吗？呸！”海岛人最恨的就是海盗和打劫者。
"And the masked guests, aren't they just a group of stinky pirates who have been robbed and robbed? Bah! "The islanders hate pirates and looters the most.
“他们可不是海匪，刚才你们没听到那小孩喊了什么吗？”
"They're not pirates, didn't you hear what the kid shouted?"
“呵，正好，把还活着的都带回去，等明天就让那两家人来赎人。并且按照我们岛的规矩，以后那两家就不允许他们再来参加我们海草岛的集市！”
"Oh, just right, bring back all the people who are still alive, and let the two families redeem them tomorrow. And according to the rules of our island, those two families will not be allowed to participate in our seagrass island market in the future! ”
王叶到家后，查看不记名钱卡上的数额显示，顿时笑成了小鸭子。
After Wang Ye arrived home, he checked the amount on the bearer money card, and immediately smiled like a duck.
虽然一张只有一百金币，但白得的钱不管多少都会让人心情愉快。
Although there are only 100 gold coins per piece, no matter how much money you get for free, it will make you feel happy.
钱袋里的钱不多，加起来才只有二三十金币。 There was not much money in the money bag, and it only added up to twenty or thirty gold coins.
王叶把钱卡和钱袋都扔给雷木，让他收了起来。 Wang Ye threw the money card and money bag to Lei Mu and asked him to put them away.
和库曼商会还有黎家结了仇？ Have a feud with the Cuman Chamber of Commerce and the Li family?
那就结呗，反正也不是第一次了。对付这两家，他有丰富的经验。
Then it's not the first time, anyway. He has a lot of experience dealing with these two.
雷木半夜出去了一趟，回来时满身水汽。 Thunderwood went out in the middle of the night and came back covered in moisture.
王叶一骨碌爬起来，迅速把雷木衣服扒光，拿出药膏就开始往他全身涂抹。
Wang Ye got up in a hurry, quickly stripped Lei Mu's clothes naked, took out the ointment and began to apply it to his whole body.
雷木身上多了许多道伤口，但他精神还不错，还能笑得出来。
There were many wounds on Remu's body, but he was in good spirits and could still laugh.
“差点忘了我领了那个揍库曼管事的任务，原本也只是想看看有没有动手的机会，没想到他们会自己把自己送上门来。”雷木淡笑。
"I almost forgot that I received the task of beating the Cumen steward, originally I just wanted to see if there was a chance to do it, but I didn't expect them to send themselves to the door themselves." Lei Mu smiled lightly.
王叶心疼：“你应该喊我一起。你一个打他们那么多个，多亏？”
Wang Ye was distressed: "You should call me together." You hit so many of them one by one, thanks to that? ”
雷木怎么可能喊小家伙和他一起去揍人，闻言只是笑。 How could Lei Mu call the little guy to go with him to beat people, he just laughed when he heard the words.
王叶气得磨牙，又舍不得下狠手，只把伤药涂得厚厚，“你留凭证了吗？”
Wang Ye was so angry that he grinded his teeth, and he was reluctant to be ruthless, so he only applied the wound medicine thickly, "Did you leave a certificate?" ”
“当然。”雷木取了库曼商会管事罗威尔的一只手，现在这只手就在他的储物空间里。
"Of course." Remu took one of the hands of Rowell, the steward of the Cuman Chamber of Commerce, and it was now in his storage space.
“对了，这是那个管事随身带着的小箱子，他房间里其他值钱东西我已经收起来，只这个小箱子有魔法阵锁，不知道正确密码很难打开，我不会开，要么你看看？”
"By the way, this is the small box that the steward carries with him, I have put away other valuable things in his room, only this small box has a magic array lock, I don't know the correct password is difficult to open, I won't open it, or you can take a look?"
第57章 月光石、报复 Chapter 57: Moonstone, Revenge
王叶收起他那堆零碎，接过小箱子。 Wang Ye put away his pile of bits and pieces and took the small box.
雷木看他把那堆治病工具和药草一类分门别类装在三个小篮子里，心里有所感触，他家小叶子好像还缺个药箱？
Lei Mu saw that he had put the pile of healing tools and herbs in three small baskets, and he felt something in his heart, his little leaf seemed to lack a medicine box?
开锁，那也是游戏玩家很想学的技巧之一。 Unlock picking is also one of the skills that gamers would love to learn.
在地球上你要学这门技能，首先需要拜个开锁匠为师，再先进一点，那就要研究电子锁构造，如果会自己编程和破解程序那就更好，不能的话，那就只能花钱买个破除指纹等生物技能锁的黑科技万能钥匙。
On the earth, if you want to learn this skill, you first need to worship a locksmith as a teacher, and then a little more advanced, then you have to study the structure of electronic locks, if you can program and crack the program yourself, it is better, if you can't, then you can only spend money to buy a black technology master key that breaks fingerprints and other biological skill locks.
但总体而言，还是有脉路可寻。 But overall, there is still a way to go.
可在游戏世界，不但有最古老的门闩型古锁，以及使用最广的机械锁，还有代替电子锁的魔法锁。
But in the game world, there are not only the oldest latch-type ancient locks, as well as the most widely used mechanical locks, but also magic locks that replace electronic locks.
魔法锁的花样就多了，有通过魔法阵来验证数字密码、图形密码、指纹、声音、血脉、甚至生命力等。
There are many tricks for magic locks, including verification of digital passwords, graphic passwords, fingerprints, voices, bloodlines, and even vitality through magic arrays.
除了魔法锁，还有一种精神锁，得用精神力去开，精神力波不同，你就打不开。
In addition to the magic lock, there is also a kind of spiritual lock, which has to be opened with spiritual power, and the spiritual force wave is different, so you can't open it.
除了这些常见锁以外，还有异术锁，异术锁种类繁多，比如雷木用他的秘术封锁一个空间的能量，就是异术锁的一种。
In addition to these common locks, there are also anomalous locks, and there are many types of anomalous locks, such as the energy of a space blocked by Lei Mu with his secret technique, which is a type of anomalous lock.
而现在摆在王叶面前的小箱子算是比较常见的魔法锁。 And now the small box in front of Wang Ye is a relatively common magic lock.
这个小箱子上下左右前后六面合起来绘制了一个完整的魔阵图。
This small box is six sides, up, down, left, right, front and back, and together to draw a complete magic array diagram.
现在魔阵图被打乱了，想要打开箱子，首先得把魔阵图拼完整。
Now that the magic array diagram has been disrupted, if you want to open the chest, you first have to put the magic array diagram together.
王叶不知道这个小箱子有没有容错率，但幸好他的魔阵图学得不错，而这个魔阵图并不算是稀罕少见的那种，而是比较常见的类型。
Wang Ye didn't know if this small box had a margin for error, but fortunately, he learned the magic array diagram well, and this magic array diagram was not a rare one, but a more common type.
难者不会，会者不难，王叶手指移动箱子上的魔阵图案，不过动了三次，咔嚓一声，箱子打开。
The difficult ones will not, the meeting will not be difficult, Wang Ye's fingers moved the magic array pattern on the box, but after moving it three times, there was a click, and the box opened.
雷木夸奖地摸摸王叶的脑袋。 Lei Mu touched Wang Ye's head in praise.
王叶得意地蹭蹭雷木的手掌心，掀开箱盖。 Wang Ye proudly rubbed Lei Mu's palm and lifted the lid of the box.
箱子里放着整整齐齐两叠不记名钱卡，一小袋魔晶，与一块石头。
Inside the box were two neat stacks of bearer money cards, a small bag of magic crystals, and a stone.
“你打开的，这箱子里的都给你。”雷木道。 "What you open, everything in this box is for you." Thunderwood Road.
王叶眼睛亮晶晶：“你真的要都给我？” Wang Ye's eyes were shining: "Do you really want to give it all to me?" ”
够花就行的雷木：“我明天可以去佣兵公会把任务结了，那个奖励归我。这些就给你玩。”
Thunderwood, who is enough to spend: "I can go to the Mercenary Guild tomorrow to finish the task, and the reward belongs to me." That's for you. ”
不过这么些金币和魔晶，如何与王叶给他的精灵空间相比？
But how can these gold coins and magic crystals compare to the elven space that Wang Ye gave him?
王叶没想到雷木是在还精灵空间的账，他只以为这是木木和他亲近的表示，高兴地抱了抱他的大木头，他也没拒绝，反正他的钱和珍贵东西都放在雷木那儿，没必要分得那么清楚。
Wang Ye didn't expect that Lei Mu was paying off the account of the elf space, he only thought that this was a sign of Mu Mu's closeness to him, and happily hugged his big wood, he didn't refuse, anyway, his money and precious things were placed in Lei Mu's place, there was no need to divide it so clearly.
王叶翻开这些不记名钱卡，看上面显示的数额。 Wang Ye opened these bearer money cards and looked at the amount displayed on them.
这些都是大额钱卡，就像华夏过去的银票，一张就是五百金币。
These are all large-value money cards, just like the silver tickets of the past in Huaxia, one is five hundred gold coins.
而这个箱子里一共有二十张。 And there are twenty of them in this box.
一万金币就这么到手了！ That's all 10,000 gold coins!
他昨晚拍小板凳和坑货的钱全回来了，还有得赚~~ All the money he paid for the small bench and pit goods last night came back, and he still has to earn~~
再看那一小袋魔晶，全都是标准魔晶币，一共五十枚，不多，但足够他和木木吸收使用一段时间。
Looking at the small bag of magic crystals, all of them were standard magic crystal coins, a total of fifty, not much, but enough for him and Mu Mu to absorb and use for a while.
而且他想要魔晶，也是因为他要谋夺的那样东西需要魔晶做能量，之前得到六枚，可仍旧不够，他还想要不要炼制药物多换一些魔晶，现在也不用了。
And he wants magic crystals, also because the thing he wants to seize needs magic crystals to make energy, he got six before, but it is still not enough, he also wants to refine drugs and exchange more magic crystals, and now he doesn't need it.
箱子里最后还剩下一块石头，石头很小，就跟鸡蛋差不多。外表圆润光滑，晶莹如玉。
There was a stone left in the box at the end, and the stone was so small that it was about the size of an egg. The appearance is round and smooth, crystal like jade.
王叶虽然心中有几分猜测，还是对石头施展了鉴定术。 Although Wang Ye had some guesses in his heart, he still performed an identification technique on the stone.
鉴定结果出来，王叶突然抱住枕头捂住嘴，开始在床上打滚。
When the appraisal results came out, Wang Ye suddenly hugged the pillow and covered his mouth, and began to roll on the bed.
雷木看小孩这副欢喜的模样，也高兴。他以前反打劫很少拿别人的财物，他不重财，日子能过就好，这次顺手牵羊还是想到小孩可能会喜欢。
Lei Mu was also happy when he saw the child's happy appearance. He used to fight robbery and rarely took other people's property, he didn't value money, and his life was good, but this time he still thought that the child might like it.
王叶乐够了，又爬起来看了看因果卷。很好，库曼商会的那个管事罗威尔是谋夺储物空间的主谋之一，那几个护卫就是他派出来的，而且他们一开始就存了灭口之心。
Wang Yele had enough, and got up again to look at the cause and effect scroll. Very well, the steward of the Cuman Chamber of Commerce, Lowell, was one of the masterminds of the plot to seize the storage space, and the guards were sent by him, and they had the intention of destroying them from the beginning.
如此，雷木把这些打劫来的财物送给他，他就算全部笑纳，罗威尔那边还是欠他因果，何况他和木木是平分。
In this way, Lei Mu gave him these looted property, even if he laughed at it all, Rowell's side still owed him karma, not to mention that he and Mu Mu were equally divided.
正常来说，如果罗威尔这时带着这些不菲的财产上门，主动跟他们赔礼道歉，表示自己的错误，再把这些东西送给他们当做赔偿，他如果收下，那这份因果就能了掉。
Normally, if Lowell came to the door with these expensive possessions at this time, took the initiative to apologize to them, expressed his mistakes, and then gave them these things as compensation, if he accepted them, then the cause and effect would be gone.
可这是雷木打劫来的，主要是雷木拿到的赔偿，再分给他而已，和库曼商会及罗威尔没有丝毫干系。
But this was robbed by Lei Mu, mainly because of the compensation that Lei Mu received, and then distributed to him, and it had nothing to do with the Cuman Chamber of Commerce and Luo Wei.
所以库曼商会和罗威尔那边仍旧欠他的因果。 So the Cuman Chamber of Commerce and Lowell's side still owe him karma.
王叶就喜欢这种套娃，拿了一次赔偿，还能再拿好多次。
Wang Ye likes this kind of nesting doll, and after taking compensation once, he can take it many times.
不过高兴过后，王叶就抱臂不爽道：“我感觉我被这个世界套路了。”
But after being happy, Wang Ye hugged his arms and said unhappily: "I feel that I have been tricked by this world." ”
雷木挑眉，不解小孩的话意。 Lei Mu raised his eyebrows, not understanding the meaning of the child's words.
王叶指了指那块玉石：“知道这是什么吗？” Wang Ye pointed to the piece of jade: "Do you know what this is?" ”
雷木原先不知道，但结合王叶的口气和他刚才那句话的意思，他脑中瞬间冒出答案：“月光石，还是光之玉心？”
Lei Mu didn't know at first, but combined with Wang Ye's tone and the meaning of what he said just now, the answer instantly popped up in his mind: "Moonstone, or the Jade Heart of Light?" ”
王叶打了个响指：“答对，就是月光石。” Wang Ye snapped his fingers: "That's right, it's moonstone." ”
雷木也感到了惊讶，“好巧。” Reimu was also surprised, "What a coincidence. ”
王叶眯眼，总觉得他们拍下精灵石卵这件事有点蹊跷。 Wang Ye squinted, always feeling that it was a bit strange for them to photograph the elf stone eggs.
“你说拍立得这么一家世界最大拍卖会，养着那么多眼睛犀利的鉴定师，真的没有鉴定出那石头和精灵石卵有关？”
"You said that Polaroid, the world's largest auction house, has so many sharp-eyed appraisers, and it really didn't identify that the stone was related to the elven stone egg?"
雷木听他这么说，也略微多想了一些：“鉴定师并不是集中在一起，每个拍卖点的鉴定师的水平也不一样，有看漏也不奇怪。”
Hearing him say this, Lei Mu also thought a little more: "The appraisers are not gathered together, and the level of appraisers at each auction site is not the same, so it is not surprising that there are omissions." ”
“那库曼商会的主管为什么其他东西不带，偏偏带了月光石？”
"Then why didn't the director of the Cuman Chamber of Commerce bring anything else, but moonstone?"
“也许只是巧合？” "Maybe it's just a coincidence?"
王叶摇头：“我不相信这世上真有这样的巧合。而且为什么是库曼商会和黎家联合在一起打劫我们？他们双方是否认识？真的只是为了打劫空间戒指？”
Wang Ye shook his head: "I don't believe that there is such a coincidence in this world. And why did the Cuman Chamber of Commerce and the Li family join forces to rob us? Do they know each other? Is it really just to rob the Space Ring? ”
雷木：“如果他们知道那块石头和精灵石卵有关，为什么不拍下来？”
Thunderwood: "If they know that the stone has something to do with the elven stone egg, why don't they take a picture of it?" ”
王叶推测：“也许他们不知道精灵石卵到底长什么样？外界人一般都叫精灵蛋，在他们印象中，蛋怎么可能是石头？也许他们只是知道精灵蛋会在海草岛出现？他们打劫我们也许不是因为我们拍下了那块石头，而是他们认为拥有空间戒指的我们是比较有可能拥有精灵蛋的人？”
Wang Ye speculated: "Maybe they don't know what the elf stone egg looks like?" People from the outside world generally call it an elf egg, and in their impression, how can an egg be a stone? Maybe they just knew that the elven eggs would appear on Seagrass Island? Maybe they robbed us not because we took the stone, but because they thought that we who owned the spatial ring were the ones who were more likely to have the elven egg? ”
雷木摇头：“那精灵蛋的消息是怎么透露出去的？如果拍立得的人知道那石头就是精灵蛋，又怎么可能拿出来拍卖？据我所知，拍立得那位幕后会长和各族关系都十分不错，他得到精灵蛋，一定会把蛋直接送回给精灵族，绝不会拿出来拍卖。拍立得也是本世界唯一一个不允许拍卖智慧生物的拍卖会。”
Lei Mu shook his head: "How did the news of the elf egg come out?" If the Polaroid knew that the stone was an elf egg, how could he put it up for auction? As far as I know, the Polaroid president has a very good relationship with the clans, and when he gets the elven eggs, he will definitely send the eggs back to the elves directly, and will never take them out for auction. Polaroid is also the only auction in the world where you don't allow the auction of intelligent creatures. ”
王叶还是在阴谋论中打转：“你也说了拍立得是个很大的组织，每个拍卖点都相对独立，那位会长很可能并不知道他们的拍点收到了一枚精灵石卵，全是下面人在折腾，很可能有个拍点的负责人或鉴定师猜出石头也许与精灵蛋有关，但又不敢百分百确定，也不敢随便切开。”
Wang Ye was still spinning in conspiracy theories: "You also said that Polaroid is a very large organization, and each auction site is relatively independent, and the president probably didn't know that their auction site received an elf stone egg, and it was all people tossing below, and it was very likely that the person in charge of the auction point or the appraiser guessed that the stone might be related to the elf egg, but he didn't dare to be 100% sure, and he didn't dare to cut it casually." ”
“很可能知道的人还不止一个，所以他们谁也不敢私吞，又不能明说，只能拿出来拍卖。但有人不甘心，就把消息泄露出去，可又怕拍卖会知道后惩罚，就说得很含糊。也许有人还特意通知了一些有能力孵化精灵石卵的人，让他们带上孵化材料过来。至于能不能拍下精灵蛋，则看各人运气。”
"It is likely that there is more than one person who knows, so none of them dare to take it privately, and they can't say it explicitly, so they can only take it out for auction. But some people were not reconciled, so they leaked the news, but they were afraid that the auction would be punished after they found out, so they said very vaguely. Perhaps someone also specially notified some people who have the ability to hatch elf stone eggs and asked them to bring hatching materials over. As for whether you can shoot the elf eggs, it depends on everyone's luck. ”
“最有可能就是鉴定师跟某人说漏嘴，说这批带到海草岛拍卖的拍品中有一样东西很可能与精灵蛋有关，只是无法确定，只有那么几分怀疑。而听说这件事的人并不知道精灵蛋的外形，也不敢随意打听，就把消息传了出去。甚至传话的人都不知道这个蛋到底会不会拿出来拍。”
"Most likely, the appraiser told someone that there was something in the auction that was probably related to the elf eggs, but he couldn't be sure, only a little suspicious. And the people who heard about this didn't know the appearance of the elf egg, and they didn't dare to inquire at will, so they spread the news. Even the messenger didn't know if the egg would be taken out and filmed. ”
雷木见他分析得头头是道，不禁道：“你想的太复杂了。月光石我听说过，虽然珍贵，但也没珍贵到生命之树树叶那种程度，不过就是比较贵重的宝石，一般贵族家里也能有一两块库存，像罗威尔这样有钱有势的商会管事，会有这样的收藏也很正常。”
Seeing that he was analyzing, Lei Mu couldn't help but say, "What you're thinking about is too complicated. I have heard of moonstone, although it is precious, but it is not as precious as the leaves of the tree of life, but it is a relatively valuable gem, and the average nobleman can have one or two pieces of inventory in his house, and it is normal for a rich and powerful chamber of commerce manager like Rowell to have such a collection. ”
“是吗？”王叶总觉得自己疏忽了什么。 "Really?" Wang Ye always felt that he had neglected something.
雷木把小孩按倒，给他盖上薄被，“睡吧，别想了，小孩子想太多容易长不高。”
Lei Mu pressed the child down and covered him with a thin quilt, "Sleep, don't think about it, children are easy to grow up if they think too much." ”
王叶：“……我一定长得比你高。” Wang Ye: "...... I must be taller than you. ”
雷木哄小孩：“是是是，那就快睡，闭上眼睛别说话了。”
Lei Mu coaxed the child: "Yes, yes, then go to sleep, close your eyes and don't speak." ”
王叶闭上眼睛时脑子还在飞转，但转着转着他就睡熟了。小孩子的身体根本熬不了夜，沾枕头就秒睡。
Wang Ye's mind was still racing when he closed his eyes, but he fell asleep as he turned around. The child's body can't stay up all night, so he sleeps in seconds when he dips his pillow.
次日，两人难得睡了一个懒觉。 The next day, the two had a rare sleep.
同住在这套房子里的海沟村人没有谁不开眼地一大早跑来打搅他们，看他们没起来，就任他们睡了个够。
None of the people of Trench Village, who lived in this house, came to disturb them early in the morning, and when they didn't get up, they let them sleep enough.
王叶是饿醒的，一起来就要去找早饭吃，但这时候已经差不多可以吃中饭。
Wang Ye woke up hungry, and when they came together, they were going to find breakfast to eat, but at this time, they were almost ready to eat lunch.
还好沙姐把两人的早饭一直留着，两人起来就能吃。 Fortunately, Sister Sha kept the breakfast for the two of them, and the two of them could eat it when they got up.
王叶和雷木两人索性就把早饭连同中饭一起吃了。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu simply ate breakfast together with lunch.
吃完饭，已经快到和岩药师约定的时间，两人就去了集市。
After eating, it was almost time to make an appointment with the rock medicine master, and the two went to the market.
一路上，两人能感觉出不少人在偷看他们。 Along the way, the two could sense that many people were peeking at them.
两人了然，昨晚他们被打劫反而打劫了劫匪的事，应该已经传开。
The two of them knew that the news that they were robbed last night and robbed the robbers should have spread.
原先对他们有些想法的人，这时大概都不会再随便伸手。那六个劫匪中可是有一名高级武师，其他人也都是初级和中级武师，一群武师却连两个人都无法拿下，更不要说两人中有一个还是柔弱无力的小孩子。
People who had some thoughts about them in the past probably won't just reach out at this time. Among the six robbers, there was a high-level martial artist, and the others were also junior and intermediate martial artists, but a group of martial artists couldn't even take down two of them, not to mention that one of them was still a weak child.
现在所有人都对雷木的实力高估再高估，再加上雷木下手比较狠，六个人中死了两个，另外四个全都是重伤，能不能救回来还不知道，这份心狠手辣也吓住了一些人。
Now everyone overestimates Lei Mu's strength and overestimates it, plus Lei Mu is more ruthless, two of the six people died, and the other four were all seriously injured, I don't know if they can be saved, and this ruthlessness also scared some people.
大家是求财，可不想丢命。 Everyone is seeking money, but they don't want to lose their lives.
就连路上碰到巡逻的海草岛护卫队，也对两人十分客气，就像是忘记了两人把富德废掉的事。
Even the Seagrass Island Guards who met patrolling on the road were very polite to the two, as if they had forgotten that the two of them had abolished Fude.
也没有人来请王叶和雷木出手去救治他们唯一的药师学徒富奇器。
No one came to ask Wang Ye and Lei Mu to come and treat their only pharmacist apprentice, Fu Qiqi.
对此，王叶还有点小郁闷，他还等着富奇器来跟海沟村人道歉，他好收回因果线，也好了断一段因果，同时完成任务收获经验值。
In this regard, Wang Ye was still a little depressed, he was still waiting for Fuqiqi to apologize to the people of Trench Village, so that he could recover the cause and effect line, and also break a period of cause and effect, and at the same time complete the task to gain experience points.
可富德父子俩就是不来，看来他得主动找上门了。 But Fude's father and son just didn't come, and it seemed that he had to take the initiative to find the door.
到了集市那边，两人刚坐下，王叶正准备教六小认字，就见陆天城带着两个手下走了过来。
When they arrived at the market, as soon as the two of them sat down, Wang Ye was about to teach Liuxiao to read and write, when he saw Lu Tiancheng walking over with two of his subordinates.
陆天城一大早就派人盯着海沟岛的摊位，等了一上午没等到人，他还亲自出来逛，可逛到现在都没有看到两人，他正准备回去，就见到两人终于出现，赶紧就带人过来了。
Lu Tiancheng sent someone to keep an eye on the stalls on Trench Island early in the morning, and waited for no one in the morning, he also came out to shop in person, but he didn't see the two of them until now, he was about to go back, and he saw that the two finally appeared, and quickly brought someone over.
这位假装来逛集市一样，貌似随意地经过两人的摊位，看到王叶和雷木就上前询问：“你们善治骨伤？那太好了，我想买一些治疗骨伤的成品药。”
This person pretended to come to the market, and passed by the stalls of the two of them seemingly casually, and when he saw Wang Ye and Lei Mu, he stepped forward and asked, "Are you good at treating bone injuries?" That's great, I want to buy some finished medicine for bone injuries. ”
陆天城还特意扬声解释：“昨天我和我的人与一个佣兵团队打了一架，不少人受伤，我们的药师学徒不擅长骨伤，手上也没有什么好药，如果你们有最好。只要药好用，多贵我都买。”
Lu Tiancheng also deliberately raised his voice to explain: "Yesterday my people and I had a fight with a mercenary team, many people were injured, our pharmacist apprentice is not good at bone injuries, and there is no good medicine in hand, if you have the best." As long as the medicine is easy to use, I will buy it no matter how expensive it is. ”
王叶体会出了那么一点意思，就跟陆天城说：“我们是有一种药膏，专治骨伤，五个银币一张，你要多少？先说好，我手上也没多少，最多不超过二十张。”
Wang Yeshu realized a little meaning, so he said to Lu Tiancheng: "We have a kind of ointment, which specializes in treating bone injuries, five silver coins a piece, how much do you want?" Let's start with that, I don't have many in my hands, no more than twenty at most. ”
陆天城豪气地道：“我都要了。” Lu Tiancheng said proudly: "I want it." ”
王叶从篮子里数出二十张药膏递给陆天城。 Wang Ye counted out twenty pieces of ointment from the basket and handed them to Lu Tiancheng.
陆天城让手下收了，甩手扔出一个钱袋，还特别贵族地说：“不用找了，多的赏你的。”
Lu Tiancheng asked his subordinates to accept it, shook his hand and threw out a money bag, and said very aristocraticly: "Don't look for it, I will reward you more." ”
王叶一乐：“谢赏。” Wang Ye Yile: "Thank you." ”
陆天城走了。 Lu Tiancheng is gone.
王叶打开钱袋一看，就见里面装的确实是银币，但除了银币还有一张不记名钱卡。
Wang Ye opened the money bag and saw that it was indeed filled with silver coins, but in addition to silver coins, there was also an anonymous money card.
王叶看了下金额，笑眯了眼，把钱袋塞给雷木，也让他收起来。
Wang Ye looked at the amount, squinted with a smile, stuffed the money bag to Lei Mu, and asked him to put it away.
一百金币，作为给出一个消息的谢礼可不算薄。 A hundred gold coins is not a small gift as a thank you for giving a message.
好像从昨晚打开那个坑货开始，他的财运就变好了？ It seems that since he opened that pit last night, his fortune has improved?
呸，他的财运跟那个坑货无关，肯定是木木旺他。 Phew, his fortune has nothing to do with that pit goods, it must be Mu Mu Wang.
雷木也看出陆天城是特意来道谢送礼的了，而且这人很知分寸，知道糜滨难缠，特意用买药的方式送钱，就是为了和他们撇清关系。
Lei Mu also saw that Lu Tiancheng had come to thank them for the gift, and this person knew that Mibin was difficult, so he deliberately used the way to buy medicine to give money, just to break off the relationship with them.
这让雷木对这个眼瞎又纵容手下欺负普通人的倒霉蛋的印象好了一点点。
This made Remu's impression of this unlucky guy who was blind and connived at his subordinates to bully ordinary people a little better.
到了约定时间，岩药师带着两名随从也是保护者过来。 When the appointed time came, the Rock Medicine Master came over with two retinues who were also protectors.
村长和船锚已经得到王叶嘱咐，看到这位药师前来，都十分激动和恭敬，忙把人请入棕榈屋后院。
The village chief and the anchor had already received Wang Ye's instructions, and when they saw this pharmacist coming, they were very excited and respectful, and hurriedly invited people into the backyard of the palm house.
王叶和雷木都没有掺和，任由他们双方自己谈。他就教六小认字、记海岛上常见的药草。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu did not mix, and let the two of them talk on their own. He taught the six children to read and write and memorize the common herbs on the island.
雷木还抽空去了一趟佣兵公会的分站点，在那里把任务交了。
Lei Mu also took the time to go to the branch of the Mercenary Guild, where he handed in the task.
佣兵公会的工作人员通知了红毛青年白卡卡，对方过来进入后面的小房间，确认送来的鱼篓里装的就是库曼商会管事罗威尔的右手后，当场大笑三声，认可任务完成。
The staff of the Mercenary Guild informed the red-haired young man Bai Kaka, and the other party came over and entered the small room in the back, and after confirming that the fish basket sent was the right hand of Rowell, the steward of the Cuman Chamber of Commerce, he laughed three times on the spot, acknowledging the completion of the task.
红毛青年虽然很想知道是谁昨晚把库曼商会的人都揍了，还废掉了那个罗威尔，但按照佣兵公会的规矩，完成任务的佣兵不想见他，他就不能强行要求。
Although the red-haired young man wanted to know who beat up all the people in the Cuman Chamber of Commerce last night and abolished that Lowell, according to the rules of the Mercenary Guild, the mercenary who completed the task did not want to see him, so he could not force it.
雷木在大厅里等了没多一会儿，就领到了任务酬劳。 Remu waited in the hall for a short time before receiving the reward for the task.
来往佣兵公会的人很多，谁也不知道谁接了什么任务又交了什么任务。
There are a lot of people coming and going to the mercenary guild, and no one knows who took what task and handed in what task.
但也有不少去过拍卖会的人认出了雷木的刺青脸，知道这人有储物空间，还很富有。
But there are also many people who have been to the auction and recognize Lei Mu's tattooed face, knowing that this person has storage space and is very wealthy.
更有个别消息灵通的人，已经得知昨晚库曼商会和黎家人跑去打劫人家兄弟，却被那个小孩道破身份来历，最后反被干掉，之后管事罗威尔更被人找上门废掉的事。
There are even a few well-informed people who have learned that last night the Cuman Chamber of Commerce and the Li family went to rob other people's brothers, but the kid revealed his identity and origin, and was finally killed, and then the steward Luo Wei was even found to be abolished.
两件事发生时间极为靠近，又有关联，很容易就让人想到昨晚深夜废掉罗威尔的人是谁。
The two events were so close in time and related that it was easy to think of who had deposed Lowell late last night.
雷木既然敢去做，就不怕人知道。毕竟，这件事是库曼商会理亏，这个世界的根本规则就是弱肉强食，如果他被打劫还没有丝毫反应，别人才会小看他。
Since Lei Mu dares to do it, he is not afraid of people knowing. After all, this matter is the fault of the Cuman Chamber of Commerce, and the fundamental rule of this world is that the law of the jungle eats the strong, and if he has not reacted in the slightest way when he is robbed, others will underestimate him.
至于对方会不会因此对海沟村人动手，那除非库曼商会和黎家的人也能把自己商会的员工和家族人都豁出去。
As for whether the other party will do something to the people of Haigou Village because of this, unless the people of the Cuman Chamber of Commerce and the Li family can also get out of their own Chamber of Commerce employees and family members.
不伤及家人和相关者，这也是这个世界的默认规则。 Not hurting family members and related people is also the default rule of this world.
当然，有些人不会遵守这种规则，还专门对仇家关系亲密的人下手，这种人只能另说。
Of course, there are people who do not follow this kind of rule, and they also specifically target people who are close to the enemy, and this kind of person can only say otherwise.
但越是有这种人，雷木越要让人看到他的凶狠和心硬，所以他昨晚才会下狠手，更立刻就去报复罗威尔，黎家人也就是运气好藏得深，他没找到人，才没有对黎家人动手。
But the more such people there are, the more Lei Mu wants people to see his fierceness and hard-heartedness, so he will be ruthless last night, and he will immediately take revenge on Rowell, the Li family is lucky to hide deeply, he didn't find anyone, so he didn't do anything to the Li family.
只有这样才能让那些想要伤及无辜的脑残忌惮。他们不怕手下被人报复，但轮到他们自己和他们的亲人呢？
Only in this way can those who want to hurt the innocent brains be jealous. They are not afraid of retaliation against their subordinates, but what about themselves and their loved ones?
第58章 新玩家来了 Chapter 58: New Players Are Coming
当天下午两点整。 It was two o'clock in the afternoon.
【全世界通告：百万新冒险者即将进入双月星。 [Worldwide Announcement: A Million New Adventurers Are About to Enter the Double Moon Star.]
双月星上有许多神秘的秘境，有人说那些秘境和其他世界相通，有人说那些秘境是其他世界的碎片，这些秘境里生活着各种各样的生物和非生物。
There are many mysterious secret realms on the twin moon stars, some say that those secret realms are connected to other worlds, some say that those secret realms are fragments of other worlds, and these secret realms are inhabited by all kinds of living and non-living things.
就在三个月前，蓝星群岛人受到神秘召唤，秘境对外通道打开，蓝星群岛各族人开始进入双月星探险。
Just three months ago, the people of the Blue Star Islands were mysteriously summoned, and the secret realm was opened to the outside world, and the people of the Blue Star Islands began to enter the Double Moon Star Expedition.
今天是蓝星群岛华夏国的国庆之日，为了庆祝这一伟大节日，双月星世界将面对蓝星群岛开放一百万个探险名额，并于今天下午双月星原界时间两点整，开通传送。
Today is the National Day of the Chinese Kingdom of the Blue Star Islands, in order to celebrate this great festival, the Double Moon Star World will open one million exploration places in the face of the Blue Star Islands, and the transmission will be opened at two o'clock in the original time of the Double Moon Star this afternoon.
蓝星群岛各位探险玩家，将被随机传送至双月星各地。 Explorers of the Blue Star Islands will be randomly teleported to various parts of the Double Moon Star.
切记！本探险游戏以自我探索为主，一切皆有可能。请各位玩家文明游戏、互尊互爱、友好和平、心存善念。祝各位玩家游戏愉快！】
Remember! This adventure game is all about self-exploration, and anything is possible. Please play civilized games, respect and love each other, be friendly and peaceful, and have good thoughts. Happy gaming! 】
这段话同时在地球所有玩家脑中响起，包括王叶在内，也收到了。
This passage sounded in the minds of all players on Earth at the same time, including Wang Ye, who also received it.
同一时间，双月星人口超过百万以上的人类国家，以及各个智慧种族的首脑或顶尖大祭司们也都以各种方式收到一则消息。
At the same time, the human nations with a population of more than one million on the Twin Moon Stars, as well as the heads or top high priests of various intelligent races, also received a message in various ways.
一个大型群岛秘境打开，除了该群岛的人，其他人都无法进出该秘境。这个秘境里的智慧生物即将大量进入双月星探险。
A large archipelago has been opened, and no one but the people of the archipelago can enter or leave it. The intelligent creatures in this secret realm are about to enter the Double Moon Star expedition in large numbers.
这些新增外来人口有可能给双月星带来飞跃发展，但也有可能带来极大灾难。
These new immigrants may bring a leap forward in the development of the double moon star, but they can also bring great disasters.
有人觉得不解，但也有人若有所思。 Some people are puzzled, but others are thoughtful.
不过这并不是第一个在双月星出现的秘境，蓝星群岛人也不是第一批进入双月星的秘境生物。
However, this is not the first secret realm to appear in the Twin Moon Star, and the Blue Star Islanders are not the first secret creatures to enter the Twin Moon Star.
双月星高层对此还算淡定，双月星本身就是个多种族融合的世界，各国各族各地从外貌到风俗习惯到种族能力到文明水平全都参差不齐。比起担忧这些外来人口对本世界的冲击，他们更盼望这么多人口带来的人口红利。
The high-level of the Twin Moon Star is quite calm about this, the Twin Moon Star itself is a multi-racial world, and all countries and ethnic groups are uneven in terms of appearance, customs, racial ability, and civilization level. Rather than worrying about the impact of these migrants on the world, they are more looking forward to the demographic dividend brought by such a large number of people.
如果这个蓝星群岛人是高智慧种族，或者文明发展程度比双月星更高一些，那就更好。但也不能太超过，否则双月星就危险了。
It would be even better if this Blue Star Islander was a highly intelligent race, or if the civilization was a little more advanced than the Twin Moon Star. But it can't be too much, otherwise the double moon star will be dangerous.
两点零一分。 Two and one points.
海草岛的码头驶来一艘造型普通、外表陈旧的大型客船。
A large passenger ship with an ordinary shape and an old appearance came to the pier of Seagrass Island.
打出要求停靠的旗语后，收到回复，并看到有人用旗子引航，那艘客船就慢慢靠近码头，在指定地点靠岸。
After waving the flag requesting to dock, receiving a reply, and seeing someone piloting with a flag, the passenger ship slowly approached the pier and docked at the designated place.
海草岛码头负责人按照惯例，上船检查、询问来意，做好记录，并根据对方的船只规模收取一定税费后，这才允许船上客人下船。
According to the usual practice, the person in charge of the seagrass island pier will go on board the ship to inspect, inquire about the intention, make records, and charge a certain tax according to the size of the other party's boat, and then allow the guests on board to disembark.
第一层舱门打开，里面的乘客像是刚刚苏醒一样，睁眼就往光亮处跑。
The door on the first deck opened, and the passengers inside ran to the light as if they had just woken up.
大量乘客从客舱中涌出，这些人似乎都像是第一次出门游玩一般，眼睛看什么都好奇无比，更有些人还发出怪叫，还有些人竟然当众抚摸揉捏自己或掐捏别人，彼此还嘻嘻哈哈，完全不以为意。
A large number of passengers poured out of the cabin, all of whom seemed to be out for the first time, their eyes were extremely curious about what they were looking at, some of them even screamed strangely, and some of them even stroked and kneaded themselves or pinched others in public, and they were giggling and laughing at each other, completely unimpressed.
海草村码头管理人员看着这些行为举止堪称古怪的客人们，都有些担心。
The management of the seagrass village pier looked at these strangely behaved guests, and they were a little worried.
而且这些客人像是从同一个地方过来，他们连衣服都统一制式，不管男女老少全是麻布上衣和及膝短裤，脚上是一双草鞋。
And these guests seemed to come from the same place, and they even wore the same clothes, both men and women, young and old, all in linen shirts and knee-length shorts, and a pair of straw sandals on their feet.
弹珠、大侠和野狗这地球三玩家早已经等候在码头边，看到大量新玩家走下船板，那个激动哦！
Marbles, heroes and wild dogs, the three players of the earth, have been waiting by the dock for a long time, and it is exciting to see a large number of new players stepping off the board!
任务来了，经验值来了！ The quest is coming, the experience points are coming!
“向导，我是新手村向导。需要向导的请过来，请明确说出你需要向导，谢谢！”做介绍赚个辛苦钱。
"Guide, I'm a novice village guide. If you need a guide, please come over, please make it clear that you need a guide, thank you! "Make a referral and make a hard job.
“有人想要学技能吗？我可以带路，请明确说明你的要求，有奖励的优先哈。”只说带路，没说一定能学到。
"Does anyone want to learn a skill? I can lead the way, please clearly state your requirements, and those with rewards are preferred. "I only said that I would lead the way, but I didn't say that I would definitely learn.
“有人想要做任务吗？想要了解这座岛屿这个村落吗？跟我走，现在就能带你们做任务赚小钱钱，还有超级宝贵的经验值拿。赶紧的，名额有限！”
"Does anyone want to do a task? Want to get to know the island as a village? Come with me, I can now take you to do tasks to earn a small amount of money, and there are super valuable experience points to get. Hurry up, the number of places is limited! ”
野狗最损，他已经和某个商船的管事说好，要带人过去背麻袋。一人背一个五十斤的麻袋给五个铜币，他给老乡们四个，抽成一个。带去越多人，他赚得越多。
The wild dog was the most damaged, and he had already agreed with the steward of a certain merchant ship that he would take people over to carry sacks. One person carried a fifty-pound sack and gave five copper coins, and he gave four to the fellow villagers and drew one. The more people he brings, the more he earns.
当地人听到新手村和经验值一类的词语并没有感到太违和，只当那三傻又在吐他们家乡的词汇，反正意思他们都能听懂。
新手村大概就是第一次来的海岛村落？
经验值大概就是累积经验的新说法吧，这些人应该都是第一次出门？
玩家们一开始还以为这三人是游戏NPC，结果一看他们的手背虎口才发现都是蓝星群岛人。
“我靠，兄嘚，你们什么时候来的，向导都做起来了？”这是个自来熟，上手就要搂弹珠，被弹珠躲过。
“你们这也是在做任务吗？感觉这里好真实啊，我都能闻到海水的特有味道，跟我老家一模一样，不过没那么腥。”说话的人不停地大口呼吸，就好像没呼吸过新鲜空气一样。
“天哪，阳光、沙滩、海鸟、超级漂亮的别墅型村落，这里真的好美，这里的海水也好清澈，一切都好真实~”有人深深陶醉。
“这位大哥，你说的任务是什么？难做吗？你们这里有没有帮会啊，如果要加入帮会，有什么要求？”看起来像个高中生的女孩活泼泼地问。
码头一时热闹无比，三玩家被至少上百玩家包围，问题多得他们都要回答不过来。
The docks were bustling with activity, with the three players surrounded by at least hundreds of players, and there were so many questions that they couldn't answer.
而且他们也不愿就这么回答，都是任务、都是经验值，随便回答可就亏了。这可是他们在这个吝啬的破游戏里熬了两三个月才得到的宝贵经验！
And they don't want to answer like this, it's all tasks, it's all experience points, and it's a loss to answer casually. This is a valuable experience that they have gained after two or three months in this stingy and broken game!
有些玩家不愿意等向导，更喜欢自己独游，还有些人习惯和朋友结伴，这些人就都离开码头，各自散开去探险。
Some players prefer to travel alone instead of waiting for a guide, while others are used to being in the company of friends, so they all leave the dock and go their separate ways to explore.
王叶待在集市，暂时没去接触那些玩家。 Wang Ye stayed in the bazaar and didn't contact those players for the time being.
他要换钱，也要等这些玩家略微接触游戏，知道金钱和经验值的宝贵后。
He wants to exchange money, and he also has to wait for these players to get a little exposure to the game and know the value of money and experience points.
至于赚玩家们的游戏货币，那也要等到他们手上有钱才行。
As for earning in-game currency from players, it has to wait until they have money in their hands.
其实王叶还有一个快速赚取经验值和游戏货币的方法，那就是在双月星组建一个玩家势力，利用玩家的复活特性，专门给玩家们分派一些难做的任务，或者干脆利用他的元宇宙钥匙，给玩家发布任务。
In fact, Wang Ye also has a way to quickly earn experience points and in-game currency, that is, to form a player force in the Double Moon Star, use the player's resurrection characteristics to assign some difficult tasks to players, or simply use his metaverse key to release tasks to players.
最简单的，他现在就可以发布一个探险全岛的任务，让玩家们用生命去为他趟平这座岛，找出这座岛上的所有珍稀资源。
At its simplest, he can now issue an island-wide quest where players can spend their lives on the island for him to find all the rare resources on it.
囚犯岛也可以这么做。 Prisoner Island can do the same.
在玩家们不知道这些珍稀资源的宝贵前，他可以用极少量的铜币和极少量的经验值就把这些宝贝都换取过来。
Before the players knew that these precious resources were precious, he could exchange them for a very small amount of copper coins and a very small amount of experience points.
甚至他还可以利用玩家去打劫，而那些不知道这是一个真实世界的玩家们九成也会毫无禁忌地被虐杀，把抢来的好东西都当做任务物品交给他，他就可以安安稳稳做一个坐收渔翁之利的强盗头子（帮会头领）。
He can even use players to rob, and those players who don't know that this is a real world will be tortured and killed without taboos, and give him all the good things he has stolen as task items, so that he can be a bandit leader (gang leader) who reaps the profits of fishermen.
做这个，他可有经验了。 He's got experience in doing this.
但！王叶打开因果卷瞅了瞅，叹了口气。他还要养娃呢，还是老实点，按部就班地赚钱赚资源吧。就算要请玩家们“帮忙”，也不能是打家劫舍杀人放火那种。
But! Wang Ye opened the cause and effect scroll and looked at it, and sighed. He still has to raise a baby, so let's be honest and make money and resources step by step. Even if you want to ask the players for "help", it can't be the kind of robbery, murder and arson.
等雷木从佣兵公会回来，岩药师那边也和海沟村人商量妥当，并约好次日就跟着海沟村人的小船过去一趟。
When Lei Mu returned from the Mercenary Guild, the Rock Medicine Master also discussed with the people of Trench Village, and made an appointment to follow the boat of the Trench Village people the next day.
岩药师出来告诉王叶两人，如果海沟岛水土合适，他想把这座岛开发成专门种植和培育一些特别药草的岛屿，如果能开发成功，这对他、对他侄子的商船、对海沟岛人都有好处。
The Rock Medicine Master came out and told Wang Ye and the others that if the water and soil of Trench Island were suitable, he wanted to develop this island into an island dedicated to cultivating and cultivating some special medicinal herbs, and if it could be successfully developed, it would be beneficial to him, his nephew's merchant ships, and the people of Trench Island.
村长等人也从和岩药师的谈话中感觉这人特别靠谱，并且没有半点药师的高傲，非常平易近人，商量事情时也多为他们海沟岛人考虑，这让村长等人都非常高兴，也非常期待以后海沟岛的变化。
另外，村长和船锚心中还存了一个想法，小叶子不可能长时间留在海沟岛，但岩药师至少一年来一趟，还要在他们岛上种植药草，那么不说学徒，让村里的孩子跟他学习几招，帮他采药和培植药草什么的总是可以的吧？
In addition, the village chief and the anchor also had an idea in their hearts, it was impossible for Xiao Ye to stay on Trench Island for a long time, but the rock medicine master would come to them at least once a year, and he would also grow medicinal herbs on their island, so not to mention the apprentice, it was always okay to let the children in the village learn a few tricks from him and help him collect and cultivate medicinal herbs, right?
王叶其实也抱了这个想法，但他不能主动跟岩药师说你看你能不能在海沟岛收几个学徒，这就有点过了，他们的交情还没到这种程度。
Wang Ye actually had this idea, but he couldn't take the initiative to tell the rock medicine master You see if you can take a few apprentices on Trench Island, this is a bit too much, and their friendship has not reached this level.
还不如让岩药师自己去接触海沟岛人，再让村长安排几个乖巧又机灵的少年男女帮助岩药师做事，到时能让岩药师自己看上，那最好。
It's better to let the rock medicine master contact the people of Trench Island by himself, and then let the village chief arrange a few well-behaved and clever young men and women to help the rock medicine master do things, and then let the rock medicine master take a fancy to him, that would be the best.
王叶对此还比较有信心，尤其岩药师已经发现王叶在给六小打基础，他甚至在旁边旁听了一会儿，听得不住点头。
Wang Ye was still quite confident in this, especially since the rock pharmacist had already discovered that Wang Ye was laying the foundation for the six elementary schools, and he even listened to it for a while, and couldn't help but nod.
王叶为了不让岩药师误会他想代师收徒，特意用一种教着玩的态度和他说道：“反正闲着没事，他们又特别想学，我就把一些海岛上常见的药草告诉他们，让他们记住药效和几个常见配方，这样以后有什么头疼脑热的，不至于要跑到其他海岛找人治疗。另外，关于药泥的几个简单应用配方，我也跟他们说了。”
In order not to let the rock medicine master misunderstand that he wanted to accept apprentices on his behalf, Wang Ye deliberately said to him with a teaching and playing attitude: "Anyway, it's okay to be idle, and they really want to learn, so I will tell them some common herbs on the island, and let them remember the medicinal effects and a few common formulas, so that if they have any headaches and brain fever in the future, they will not have to go to other islands to find someone to treat." In addition, I also told them about a few simple application recipes for medicinal mud. ”
“你可真大方。”岩药师惊叹，又赞成道：“对，不说培养药师，知道一些常见药草的作用也是好的。有些药师过于敝帚自珍，搞得很多人都以为药师很神秘，成为药师也很难，实际上很多乡村老人、常来往山林的老猎人都懂一些草药，甚至他们知道的某些土方子比我们精心研究出来的药方的效果更好。”
"You're so generous." The Rock Medicine Master was amazed and agreed: "Yes, not to mention cultivating a pharmacist, it is also good to know the effects of some common herbs." In fact, many old people in the countryside and old hunters who often travel to the mountains and forests know some herbs, and even some of the earthworks they know are more effective than the ones we have carefully studied. ”
“你说得太对了，我师父也这么说，他就跟我说天下人皆可为师，不过要注意取其精华去其糟粕。但要学会分辨什么是精华什么是糟粕，我还得下二十年功夫。”王叶扮了个鬼脸。
"You're so right, my master said the same, and he told me that everyone in the world can be a teacher, but we should pay attention to taking the essence and removing the dross. But to learn what is good and what is dross, I will have to work hard for 20 years. Wang Ye grimaced.
岩药师只听这话，就已把王叶师父引为知己，非常想要结识王叶的师父，但想到王叶说过他没出师就不能随便说出他师父的名字，只能忍住。
As soon as he heard this, Master Rock Medicine had already introduced Master Wang Ye as a confidant, and he wanted to get to know Wang Ye's master very much, but thinking that Wang Ye had said that he couldn't just say his master's name before he left the school, he could only hold back.
倒是王叶主动道：“我师父一定会很想认识您，等他从山里出来，我带他来找您玩。”
However, Wang Ye took the initiative to say: "My master will definitely want to know you, and when he comes out of the mountains, I will bring him to play with you." ”
岩药师笑起来，摸摸他的脑袋：“我也很想认识他。能教出你这样的弟子，那位一定是一位极为不凡的药师。”
The Iwakyo laughed and touched his head: "I want to get to know him too." To be able to teach a disciple like you, that must be an extremely extraordinary medicine master. ”
“您过奖了。”王叶说得谦虚，但脸上都是骄傲和得意。
"You've won a prize." Wang Ye said modestly, but his face was full of pride and pride.
岩药师不由心动又羡慕，忍不住也生出了收一个小弟子承欢膝下的长者心。
The Rock Medicine Master couldn't help but be moved and envious, and couldn't help but give birth to the heart of an elder who accepted a little disciple Cheng Huan's knees.
岩药师目光扫过六小，记下了这几个孩子的脸，至于这几个孩子和他有没有缘分，还要再看看。
The rock pharmacist swept his eyes over the six elementary schools and made a note of the faces of these children, as for whether these children had a fate with him, he had to see again.
六小还不懂得岩药师目光的含义，他们有的专心在沙盘中写字，有的在默背王叶教的药方，都很专注。
The six children still didn't understand the meaning of the rock medicine master's gaze, some of them were concentrating on writing in the sand table, and some were silently reciting Wang Yejiao's prescriptions, and they were all very focused.
岩药师点点头，吵闹的市集中还能做到专注做自己的事，这几个孩子至少心性都不错。
The rock pharmacist nodded, in the noisy market, they can still focus on their own things, and these children at least have a good heart.
“对了，岩伯伯，我想买一些药材，不知道您有没有？”王叶眼珠子一转，问道。
"By the way, Uncle Yan, I want to buy some medicinal herbs, I don't know if you have any?" Wang Ye rolled his eyes and asked.
岩药师心情好，非常大方地说道：“你需要什么药材？只要我有，价格好说，或者交换也可以。”
The rock medicine master was in a good mood and said very generously, "What medicinal herbs do you need?" As long as I have it, the price is easy to say, or the exchange is OK. ”
“我想要生命之树的树叶，一枚就可以。”王叶竖起一根手指。
"I want the leaves of the Tree of Life, one will do." Wang Ye held up a finger.
岩药师：“……” Iwakushi: "......"
岩药师语重心长地与小朋友说道：“好高骛远不是好事情，你现在还小，不要去妄想这种天材地宝，咱们脚踏实地用用药泥就好了，乖。”
The rock pharmacist said to the children in a serious voice: "It's far from a good thing to be high-minded, you are still young now, don't think about this kind of natural treasure, let's just use medicinal clay in a down-to-earth manner, good." ”
王叶无奈道：“我真的很想要。您看我这副模样，我身体底子很糟糕，我出生头几年没养好，我师父捡到我时，我就只剩下一口气，师父使用了大量珍贵药材，才把我一点点养到这么大。如今，我师父去十万大山找药材也是为了给我调养身体，但我希望自己也能找找，不好把压力都压在师父身上。”
Wang Ye said helplessly: "I really want it." Look at me like this, my body is very bad, I didn't raise it well in the first few years of my birth, when my master picked me up, I only had one breath left, and my master used a lot of precious medicinal materials to raise me little by little to such a big age. Now, my master went to the 100,000 mountains to find medicinal herbs to recuperate my body, but I hope that I can also find them, and I can't put all the pressure on my master. ”
雷木皱眉，原来小叶子是弃儿？怪不得小叶子八岁了还不如五六岁的孩子身高，且瘦小干瘪，半点孩童的圆润天真都没有。
Lei Mu frowned, it turns out that Xiaoye is an outcast? No wonder Xiao Yezi is eight years old and not as tall as a five or six-year-old child, and he is thin and shriveled, and he has no roundness and innocence of a child.
雷木心里记下了小叶子身体不好，需要好好补养这件事。
Lei Mu made a note in his heart that Xiao Yezi was not in good health and needed to be well nourished.
岩药师信以为真，感动了：“好孩子，是我错怪了你。不过生命之树乃是木精灵族至宝，生命之树的树叶几乎没有流落到外面的。”
The rock pharmacist believed it and was moved: "Good boy, I blamed you for my mistake. However, the Tree of Life is the treasure of the Wood Elves, and the leaves of the Tree of Life have barely fallen outside. ”
“只有木精灵拥有生命之树吗？”王叶仰头问。他知道答案，但他想知道更多。
"Are only Wood Elves with the Tree of Life?" Wang Ye raised his head and asked. He knew the answer, but he wanted to know more.
“倒也不是。”岩药师知识储备也很丰富，带着点指点小弟子的心情跟他说道：“据说树人族也有生命之树，还有一些秘境中似乎也有被称为生命之树的植物，但不管是哪种，这些植物都异常珍贵，就算有人弄到它们的叶子，也会收起来自己用，不会放到外面。”
"Not really." The rock medicine master is also very knowledgeable, and said to him with the mood of pointing out the little disciple: "It is said that the tree people also have the tree of life, and there seem to be plants called the tree of life in some secret realms, but no matter what kind of plant they are, these plants are extremely precious, even if someone gets their leaves, they will put them away for their own use, and will not put them outside." ”
“这么说，我就没希望了？”王叶垂头丧气。 "So I'm hopeless?" Wang Ye hung his head.
岩药师不忍心，犹豫了一会儿，给出了一个不确定的消息：“坐长途海船的人时间久了就会很无聊，大家会凑在一起说自己的经历，也会说一些不知真假的稀奇古怪的事情。去年初，我从一个游商口中听他说了一件事，但我不知道这个消息是真是假。”
The rock medicine master couldn't bear it, hesitated for a while, and gave an uncertain message: "People who take long-distance sea ships will be very bored after a long time, and everyone will get together to talk about their experiences, and they will also say some strange things that are not true or false. At the beginning of last year, I heard something from a traveling businessman, but I don't know if the news is true or not. ”
王叶立刻抬起头：“岩伯伯，这个消息是不是与生命之树有关？”
Wang Ye immediately raised his head: "Uncle Yan, is this news related to the Tree of Life?" ”
岩药师点头又摇头：“也不算有关。那游商告诉我，他曾在一座满是毒蛇的海岛上遇到了一个树人，那树人似乎是不小心流落到那座岛上，但那树人到了那边后，很喜欢那边的环境，就在那座岛上住下了。那游商还跟那树人买了一些药草。”
The rock medicine master nodded and shook his head: "It's not related." The merchant told me that he had met a tree man on an island full of poisonous snakes, and that the tree man seemed to have accidentally strayed on the island, but when the tree man got there, he liked the environment and stayed on the island. The merchant also bought some herbs from the tree man. ”
“那座岛叫什么名字？在哪个方位？”王叶忙问。 "What's the name of that island? In which direction? Wang Ye asked hurriedly.
岩药师讪笑：“我没细问。我以为那游商那么说是为了给他的药草抬价，毕竟树人亲手培植的药草之药性都要比同类药草的好。”
The Rock Medicine Master sneered, "I didn't ask. I thought that the traveling merchant said that in order to raise the price of his herbs, after all, the medicinal properties of the herbs cultivated by the tree man himself were better than those of similar herbs. ”
“那么那商人是在哪里上的船？他是上船多久后跟您有了接触？”王叶不死心地追问。
"So where did the merchant get on the ship? How long has he been in contact with you since he got on board? Wang Ye asked without giving up.
岩药师回忆：“应该是在黒峡岛码头？他上来第二天就跟我兜售他的药草。”
Iwayakushi recalled: "It should be at the Kuroshiro Island pier? The next day he came up, he peddled his herbs to me. ”
说到这里，岩药师又劝小孩：“就算那游商说的是真的，真有那么一个树人在黒峡岛或附近的海岛上，但这也不代表那树人就随身携带生命之树的树叶。如果是个树人或者木精灵，出门就携带生命之树的树叶，那他们也别想在天下行走了，非得被人追着跑不可。”
Speaking of this, the rock medicine master advised the child again: "Even if what the traveling merchant said is true, there is really such a tree man on Kurosa Island or a nearby island, it does not mean that the tree man carries the leaves of the tree of life with him. If they are a tree man or a wood elf, and they carry the leaves of the tree of life when they go out, then they don't want to walk in the world, they have to be chased and run. ”
王叶笑：“有个希望也是好的嘛。” Wang Ye smiled: "It's good to have hope." ”
岩药师摇摇头，也不再继续劝阻。那树人既然肯卖药草给游商，应该不是个难以接触的，让小叶子去问问也好，确定没有树叶他也就死心了。再说，说不定小叶子能从树人那里买到其他有用的补身材料。
The Rock Medicine Master shook his head and stopped dissuading. Since the tree man is willing to sell medicinal herbs to the traveling merchants, it should not be difficult to contact, so it is good to let Xiao Ye ask, and he will die if he is sure that there are no leaves. Besides, maybe Little Leaf can buy other useful tonic materials from the Treant.
“我这里有些还不错的药草，我回去后写个单子让人带给你，你看你需要哪种，不用客气。放心，不是白送，我会按市价的八折卖给你。”
"I have some good herbs here, I'll write a list for people to bring to you when I go back, you see which one you need, you're welcome. Don't worry, it's not for free, I'll sell it to you at a 20% discount on the market price. ”
“好，谢谢岩伯伯。”王叶原本就想多买一些药草，只是囊中羞涩，才只能挑拣几样捡最需要的买，现在有钱了，他自然不会再抠唆自己。
"Okay, thank you, Uncle Yan." Wang Ye originally wanted to buy more herbs, but he was shy in his pocket, so he could only pick a few things to buy the most needed, and now that he had money, he naturally wouldn't instigate himself anymore.
雷木基本没有开口，等岩药师带着随从离开，他才跟王叶说道：“你拥有真实之眼的消息已经传开。”
Lei Mu basically didn't speak, and waited for the rock medicine master to leave with his entourage before he said to Wang Ye, "The news that you have the True Eye has spread. ”
“哦？”王叶抬头，不在意地道：“传开好，这样我看以后谁再敢蒙脸打劫我们。”
"Oh?" Wang Ye raised his head and said nonchalantly: "Spread the word, so that I can see who will dare to cover their faces and rob us in the future." ”
雷木有不同意见：“真实之眼非常少见，别人知道你拥有这双眼睛，以后你恐怕会麻烦不断。”
Lei Mu had a different opinion: "True eyes are very rare, others know that you have these eyes, I am afraid that you will be in trouble in the future." ”
王叶摆手：“不用担心，我巴不得别人知道。真实之眼也是一种震慑，而且以后我可以帮人做鉴定，赚鉴定费。”
Wang Ye waved his hand: "Don't worry, I wish others would know." The True Eye is also a deterrent, and in the future, I can help people do appraisals and earn appraisal fees. ”
因为因果卷和鉴定术都是不好告诉别人的秘法，相对而言，说出自己拥有真实之眼，反而更容易让人接受，也能掩护那两种秘术。
Because the Cause and Effect Scroll and the Identification Technique are both secret methods that are difficult to tell others, relatively speaking, it is easier for people to accept and cover up those two secret techniques by saying that they have true eyes.
雷木不知道王叶的秘术，只当他真的拥有真实之眼，因为他自己眼睛特殊，越发能感同身受拥有这种特殊能力的人会有多么遭人妒忌和觊觎。
Lei Mu didn't know Wang Ye's secret technique, only if he really had the True Eye, because his own eyes were special, and he could empathize with how jealous and coveted people with such special abilities were.
这么个小东西，知识丰富不说，现在还多出一个真实之眼，如果没人在身边保护他怎么办？
Such a little thing, not to mention the wealth of knowledge, and now there is an extra real eye, what if no one is around to protect him?
雷木甚至对小家伙的师父产生了点点怨念，有这么一个特殊的小弟子，不好好藏着、养着，却把人就这么放出来，这哪里是培养，根本是摧残。最起码也要等小家伙成年以后吧？
Lei Mu even had a little resentment towards the little guy's master, there is such a special little disciple, who is not good to hide and raise, but he just lets people out, where is this cultivation, it is simply devastating. At the very least, we have to wait until the little one becomes an adult, right?
雷木原本就打算送王叶回家，现在更是打定主意保护他一段时间，反正他暂时也没什么重要的事要做。
Lei Mu had originally planned to send Wang Ye home, but now he had made up his mind to protect him for a while, anyway, he didn't have anything important to do for the time being.
至于追杀他的人，那个杀手组织的老大都给他杀了，对方就算想要再找人，也不是那么容易的。更何况这边已经远离那边的势力范围，他们就算想要派人过来也难。
As for the people who chased him, the boss of the killer organization killed him, and even if the other party wanted to find another person, it was not so easy. What's more, this side is already far away from the sphere of influence over there, and it will be difficult for them to send people over even if they want to.
那边为了消息不泄露，也不可能公开雇佣佣兵追杀他，如此，他只要不回去那边，短时间内应该是安全的，不用担心牵连到小叶子。
In order not to leak the news, it is impossible to openly hire mercenaries to hunt him down, so as long as he doesn't go back there, he should be safe for a short time, and he doesn't have to worry about implicating Xiao Yezi.
“另外我还看到一个与囚犯岛有关的寻人任务。” "Also, I saw a tracing mission related to Prisoner Island."
王叶顿时来了兴趣：“囚犯岛？” Wang Ye suddenly became interested: "Prisoner Island? ”
雷木就是看小孩对囚犯岛似乎很在意，才特意寻找囚犯岛的相关任务，还真给他找到了一个。
Lei Mu just saw that the child seemed to care about Prisoner Island, so he deliberately looked for the relevant tasks of Prisoner Island, and really found one for him.
“对方想要寻找他父亲和他叔叔，据说两人进入囚犯岛后先后都失去了联系。发布任务者希望能找到两人，如果能带出来最好。”雷木一顿：“任务发布者现在就在海草岛，佣兵公会说这人希望见到接任务的人，有关详情也只会跟接任务的人说。”
The other party wanted to find his father and his uncle, and it is said that both men lost contact after entering the prisoner island. The person who posted the quest wanted to find two people, and it would be best if they could bring them out. Lei Mu paused: "The task publisher is now on Seagrass Island, and the mercenary guild said that this person wants to meet the person who receives the task, and the details will only be told to the person who receives the task." ”
王叶思量。他是怎么也要进入囚犯岛一趟的，他想要的那个东西还在那里。正好还有寄生虫的事情也需要告诉囚犯岛的看守们。
Wang Ye pondered. How did he get into Prisoner Island, the thing he wanted was still there. It just so happens that there is also a parasite thing that needs to be told to the guards of Prisoner Island.
要么明天就跟着村长他们的船去囚犯岛跑一趟？顺便把这个寻人的任务也做了？这样他进入囚犯岛东找西找也不奇怪了。
Or do you want to follow the village chief and their boat to Prisoner Island tomorrow? By the way, I also did this task of finding people? In this way, it is not surprising that he entered the prisoner's island to look east and west.
“海草村这边暂时没什么事了，我要买的东西都买到了。”至于他要图谋的东西，暂时不急，可以等把囚犯岛的东西拿到手以后再过来这边。
"There's nothing going on here in Seagrass Village for the time being, and I've bought everything I want to buy." As for what he wants to plot, he is not in a hurry for the time being, and he can wait until he gets the things from Prisoner Island before coming here.
原本他想先在海草村一边制作因果武器，一边用药浴改善身体，期间再找机会谋夺海草岛某样无主宝物。
Originally, he wanted to make causal weapons in Seagrass Village first, and at the same time improve his body with medicinal baths, and then find an opportunity to seize some ownerless treasure on Seagrass Island.
可精灵石卵的出现打乱了他所有计划，他不可能再这么慢慢一步步来。
But the appearance of the elven stone egg disrupted all his plans, and he couldn't take it so slowly and step by step.
如果他要护送石卵去精灵族地，那囚犯岛那东西就很重要了，他得先弄到手。
If he wants to escort Stone Egg to the Elven Lands, then the Prisoner Island thing is very important, and he has to get his hands on it first.
“走，我们去见见那个任务发布者。”王叶已经教了海崖和船桨两个人一个简单的以紫珠叶为主药的外伤治疗配方，他们虽然不会能量激发，但按方简单配制没问题。
"Let's go meet the task publisher." Wang Ye had already taught Haiya and the oar a simple trauma treatment formula with purple bead leaves as the main medicine, although they would not be able to excite energy, it was no problem to simply prepare according to the prescription.
王叶就给六小布置任务，除了要把他之前教的所有文字都会默写，还要熟练配制那个止血消炎药粉。
Wang Ye assigned the task to Liuxiao, in addition to writing all the words he had taught before, he also had to skillfully prepare the hemostatic and anti-inflammatory powder.
雷木自无不可，带着王叶去了佣兵公会。 Lei Mu had no choice but to take Wang Ye to the Mercenary Guild.
路上，王叶就见一群新玩家呼啦啦的与他们擦肩而过，奔入集市。
On the way, Wang Ye saw a group of new players hula la pass by them and rush into the market.
雷木扭头看向玩家们，疑惑：“这些人的手背……他们和弹珠那三人是同乡？”
Remu turned his head to look at the players, puzzled, "The back of these people's hands ...... Are they fellow villagers with the marbles? ”
王叶竖起拇指：“你眼睛真尖。” Wang Ye gave a thumbs up: "Your eyes are so sharp." ”
雷木也没多在意，只道：“这些人看起来都很兴奋，奇怪。”
Lei Mu didn't pay much attention to it, but said, "These people look excited, strange. ”
王叶没接话，多说多错，还不如什么都不说。 Wang Ye didn't answer, it was wrong to say more, it was better not to say anything.
佣兵公会通知了任务发布者，对方来得很快。
见到雷木和王叶，对方愣了愣，随后竟然露出了惊喜的笑容。
王叶和雷木顿时了然：对方昨晚很可能也在拍卖会上，并已知晓他们打败打劫者的事，所以才会看到一个成年人一个小孩的组合还这么高兴。
任务发布者是一名青年，二十出头，中腰中背，看起来很不起眼，从他的衣着装饰来看，家里应该十分富裕，但形容憨厚，一看就是个老实人。
等青年一开口，更是证实这点。
第59章 任务详细和捡漏
青年似乎非常急切，他这个任务已经发布了一段时间，但没有任何人表示感兴趣，之前好不容易有个人找上门，结果对方竟然是来警告他的，让他不要给囚犯岛找麻烦，又说他找的人一个已经死亡、一个根本查无此人，让他撤销任务不要再找。
青年十分害怕也一时热血上头，竟然带着护卫跑来了囚犯岛。
但他也怕有人害了他，出门时逢人便说他要去囚犯岛找他父亲和他叔叔，把家里认识的每个比较有地位的人都拜访遍了，他还让仆人到酒馆里去说，没两天他们那座城市几乎人人都知道他要去囚犯岛的事。
如此一来，如果他死在外面，囚犯岛等相关者就是最大嫌疑人。
青年家里有钱，还找了不少人保护自己和家人。但到了囚犯岛，他发现自己根本没法进入，跟囚犯岛的看守索要他父亲的尸体，对方说他父亲是病死，为了防止疫情，就把尸体烧了，最后给了他一个骨灰坛子。
青年根本不相信那个坛子里装的是他父亲的骨灰，后来他找药师看了，发现那坛子里装的竟然是狗的骨灰，气炸。
青年去找囚犯岛看守说理，看守先说弄错了，之后又不耐烦地说骨灰找不到了撒进海里了。
青年不罢休，那些看守竟然借口他扰乱囚犯岛治安，怀疑他在刺探囚犯岛的防守情况，要把他强行拖入囚犯岛关起来。幸好他雇佣的护卫还算给力，把他给抢救了出来。
青年不甘心就这么离开，听闻附近的海草岛有集市，想着集市人多，说不定会有人对他发布的任务感兴趣，就带人住到了这边。这一等就是两个多月。
现在他总算等到了，等来的还是两个出乎他预料的强者。
好吧，那据说拥有真实之眼的小孩不算强者，可他哥是真的强。
一打六啊，晚上还跑去船上把人家管事给废了。也就是黎家人运气好，带着那个据说被小孩治疗好的断腿老头住到了其他地方，没住在船上，这才没被一锅端。
对于黎家的行为，很多人都非常看不上。前面求着人小孩救人，后面就打恩人的储物空间主意，这也太不讲究了。就是海盗还讲义气和报恩呢。
黎家大概也知道自己理亏，暗中去跟海草岛岛主赎了人，之后就躲了起来，现在一行人都不知道藏到什么地方去了。
而库曼商会剩下的人则被白家那个少爷白卡卡给收拾了，还活着的都被这位少爷抓了起来，据说要带回去找库曼商会要赎金，以补偿他在海上被海盗打劫的损失。
青年特别佩服雷木，看雷木的目光就跟看偶像似的，就连那看起来十分诡异的刺青，他都觉得神秘莫测。
至于高手的弟弟……小孩实力不高，但他的眼睛也很有用。这两人如果能进入囚犯岛，说不定真的能帮他找到一点亲人们的线索。
于是青年对着两人，秃噜秃噜什么都说了。
青年叫左援，锡雨国的小贵族，家中行商。
按照青年叙述，他父亲左勤桑因为代人受过，被关入囚犯岛，原本十年左右即可归家，但在左勤桑进入囚犯岛的第二年，左家就收到通知，说左勤桑已经病死在岛上。
但左勤桑还有一个弟弟左勤榆，两兄弟是双胞胎，左勤榆坚信左勤桑还活着，于是其想方设法也进入了囚犯岛。
左援苦涩道：“叔叔伪装了身份，作为看守进入了囚犯岛，他初期和我们还有联络，但在第二个月他就再也没有消息传出。我们去岛上探望，结果岛上看守竟然跟我们说查无此人。”
“我们在外面进行调查，也发现我叔叔取的假名从囚犯岛看守名单中消失了，就好像他从没有去过囚犯岛，也从来没有他这个人。”
左援痛苦道：“我现在就想知道我父亲和我叔叔是不是还活着，他们身上到底发生了什么事？如果有可能，我希望有人能帮我找到他们，并把他们从囚犯岛里带出来。只要能把人带出来，不管死活，我都愿意付出重金酬谢。”
左援承诺，只要能给出他父亲和叔叔的明确消息且有证据证明，就给一百金。如果能把人带出来，活着带出一个就给一千金币，两个一起带出就给三千金。如果是死尸或骨灰，也一人给两百金，两个合起来给五百金。
雷木没有当场答应，只说会考虑，最迟晚上给他答复。
左援满脸期盼地看着雷木，但也不好纠缠，只说晚上会再来询问。
两人也跟着离开佣兵公会，王叶边走边奇怪道：“这家人很有钱啊。这么有钱，为什么不能把他父亲和他叔叔买出来？”
“也不是什么囚犯都能买出来。如果涉及到叛国、得罪了大贵族之类，有再多钱都没用。”雷木对此很了解。
“那左勤桑会是被上面的大贵族要求弄死的吗？”王叶问。这种情况在监牢中不算少见。
雷木摇头：“左援说了他父亲是代人受过，我怀疑左勤桑代的这个人就是一个大贵族。能让一个大贵族服软，不惜找人代替他，那么那大贵族得罪的人的地位也不会低。如此，左勤桑家里就算有钱，有人罩着，也不能那么快出来，说是坐十年牢那就真的要坐十年，否则另一方会不高兴。但也不会有人虐待他，因为他代替的那个大贵族会暗中保他。”
王叶恍然大悟：“所以左援敢这么大张旗鼓地找人，因为他敢肯定问题不是出在外面，而是就在囚犯岛身上。”
雷木：“对。而且他敢这么做，很可能还得到了鼓励和授意。你想他叔叔左勤榆能弄到一个看守的假身份，还能让自己进入囚犯岛，没人帮他怎么可能？”
“也就是说锡雨国的上层，甚至是春木上国的上层，有人想要调查囚犯岛，但又不能明着来，就借由左家来试探一番？”王叶脸上露出古怪笑容：“看来这囚犯岛内部是真出问题了，而且看守也有很大问题。”
雷木也道：“有人能把左勤榆的名字从看守中抹掉，就好像这个人没被派过来一样，这说明对方在外面也有一定势力。或者说外面有人在护着囚犯岛。”
“金矿！”王叶脱口道。
事情就此串联起来，两人推测，左勤桑兄弟俩很可能就是发现金矿的秘密，被囚犯岛灭了口。也有可能和寄生虫有关。不管是哪一个，囚犯岛的看守都是知情者。
王叶还开了一个脑洞，怀疑左勤桑压根就不是代人受过，而就是被人送进去调查金矿一事。
“事情没弄清楚，万事皆有可能。不管是黄金还是寄生虫，都是麻烦事。”雷木其实并不想让王叶沾惹这样的麻烦，但小孩好像对囚犯岛特别感兴趣，明知囚犯岛不安全，还非要跑里面看看。
“看来我们得去找一个人了。”王叶踌躇，他真的不想再见到那个家伙。
"Looks like we're going to have to find someone." Wang Ye hesitated, he really didn't want to see that guy again.
雷木一看他神情，就猜出他想干什么：“你想去找章绘？”
As soon as Lei Mu saw his expression, he guessed what he wanted to do: "Do you want to go to Zhang Hui?" ”
“他是目前我们认识的人中最清楚囚犯岛内部情况的人。这家伙肯定还瞒着我们很多事没说。如果我们真要进入囚犯岛寻找左勤桑兄弟俩，我们就很有必要去见见这个变态。”王叶心里也不想去找章绘，他每次看到这人都毛毛的。
"He's the one we know most about what's going on inside Prisoner Island so far. This guy must have been hiding a lot from us. If we really want to enter the prisoner island to find the Zuo Qinsang brothers, it is necessary for us to meet this pervert. Wang Ye didn't want to go to Zhang Hui in his heart, he was furious every time he saw this person.
那是一种对危险的预知。 It was a foreknowledge of danger.
章绘这人看着弱，但他只要能争到一丝生存机会，就会像除不尽的野草一样，顽强地生存下来，并在你忽略他的时候给你狠狠一击。
Zhang Hui looks weak, but as long as he can fight for a chance to survive, he will survive tenaciously like an inexhaustible weed, and give you a hard blow when you ignore him.
王叶上辈子虽然没有听过章绘的名字，但他怀疑这人就算没有他，也会活下来，和寄生虫共存的那种活。
Although Wang Ye had never heard of Zhang Hui's name in his previous life, he doubted that even if this person did not have him, he would have survived, the kind of life that coexisted with parasites.
否则只有章绘知道下落的精灵空间怎么会在后来流落出来？
Otherwise, how could the elven space, where only Zhang Hua knew his whereabouts, fall out later?
而章绘能拿到铁盒，就表示他活着从海沟岛走了出来。 And Zhang Hui can get the iron box, which means that he walked out of Trench Island alive.
找章绘并不难，他伪装成某贵族的私生女，和黎家扯上关系，拿到了黎家乘坐的那艘船的船票，还混到了一个单人船舱。
It is not difficult to find Zhang Hui, he disguised himself as the illegitimate daughter of a nobleman, got involved with the Li family, got the ticket for the ship that the Li family was on, and mixed into a single cabin.
黎家人躲了起来，但章绘没有，他依然待在船上，成天躲在船舱里，就像一个真正大门不出二门不迈的千金大小姐。
The Li family hid, but Zhang Hui didn't, he still stayed on the boat, hiding in the cabin all day long, like a real lady who didn't leave the door and didn't step out.
章绘看到两人来访，露出惊讶神情。 Zhang Hui saw the two of them visiting, and showed a look of surprise.
“我们出去说。”王叶道。 "Let's go out and talk." Wang Ye said.
船舱太狭窄而且不隔音，隔壁的呼吸声稍微大点都能听见。
The cabin is too cramped and not soundproof, and the breathing next door can be heard even if it is a little louder.
谈事情，还是到开阔地好，外面沙滩大得很，随便走。 Talking about things, it's better to go to the open field, the beach outside is very big, just walk.
“到时候你可以对外面说，我们来找你是想跟你打听黎家人下落。”王叶还帮他找了个借口。
"When the time comes, you can tell the outside that we came to you to inquire about the whereabouts of the Li family." Wang Ye also helped him find an excuse.
章绘婉约一笑，连声音都变得绵软：“阿绘明白了，谢谢小少爷关心。别人问，我就告诉他们，我手臂受伤，就是小少爷帮我治疗，你们借口给我复诊，实际是来问我黎家的事，但很可惜，我什么都不知道。”
王叶简直佩服死这个人了，他如果是第一次见章绘，看到他这副模样，再听到这么一副嗓音，绝对会把他当女孩看，打死也不会想到他是男性。
Wang Ye simply admired this person, if it was the first time he saw Zhang Hui, saw him like this, and heard such a voice again, he would definitely treat him as a girl, and he would not think that he was a man when he was killed.
于是很多人都看到那位手臂受伤的章小姐被那两兄弟带下大船，在沙滩上散步。
So many people saw that Miss Zhang, who had an injured arm, was taken off the boat by the two brothers and walked on the beach.
那小药师学徒还买了一堆烤串，边走边啃。 The little pharmacist apprentice also bought a bunch of skewers and nibbled on them as he went.
在旁人看来，和章小姐说话的人，主要就是做大哥的那位。
In the eyes of others, the person who talks to Miss Zhang is mainly the one who is the eldest brother.
没人知道他们说了什么，只见到章小姐最后向两人道谢行礼，完整无损地回到船上。
No one knew what they said, only that Miss Zhang finally thanked the two of them and returned to the ship intact.
之后就有大姑娘小媳妇故意和章绘巧遇，和她搭话，问她是否认识那对兄弟。
After that, the eldest girl and the little daughter-in-law deliberately met Zhang Hui, talked to her, and asked her if she knew the brothers.
章绘就按照王叶帮他找的借口说了，还一副涉世不深的单纯模样不住说那两兄弟是好人。
Zhang Hui said according to the excuse that Wang Ye helped him, and he looked innocent and didn't know how to say that the two brothers were good people.
因为章绘有钱，加上举止文雅，进退有度，性格更是温柔可人，和那些来打听的夫人小姐们处得非常好，也借由她们认识了她们的丈夫、父亲、兄弟……
Because Zhang Hua is rich, coupled with elegant manners, he has a moderate advance and retreat, and his personality is even more gentle and lovely, and he gets along very well with the ladies and ladies who come to inquire, and also knows their husbands, fathers, and brothers through them......
王叶还不知道他和雷木在无意间中又帮了章绘一把。 Wang Ye didn't know that he and Lei Mu had inadvertently helped Zhang Hui again.
不过章绘也给他们提供了不少有用信息，也算互利？ However, Zhang Hua also provided them with a lot of useful information, which is also mutually beneficial?
和章绘分开，王叶就和雷木商量，把那个囚犯岛寻人救人的任务接了下来，又和村长他们约好，明天跟他们的船一起回去海沟村。
Separated from Zhang Hui, Wang Ye discussed with Lei Mu, took over the task of finding and rescuing people on the prisoner island, and made an appointment with the village chief and them to go back to Trench Village with their boat tomorrow.
接下来，王叶就加紧时间教导六小，主要是把几个常见配方让他们死记硬背下来，为了让他们能多记忆，就让他们每个人专门记熟一个配方，之后再互相教。
Next, Wang Ye stepped up his time to teach the six elementary schools, mainly to let them memorize a few common formulas, in order to let them memorize more, let each of them memorize a formula, and then teach each other.
王叶还跟游商买了六套给孩子们认字的书籍，两本药草学入门，以及整整一车的白纸、墨水与羽毛笔。
Wang Ye also bought six sets of books for children to read, two books on herbal medicine, and a whole cart of white paper, ink and quills from the traveling merchants.
关于药草学方面的书籍，他倒是想多买一点，但问题是这在市面上就没有公开贩卖的。
He would have liked to buy more books on herbs, but the problem was that they were not publicly available on the market.
一般而言，药草书籍都是师传徒、父母传子女，想要买这一类的书籍只能上拍卖会碰运气。
Generally speaking, herbal books are passed down from master to apprentice, parents to children, and if you want to buy this kind of books, you can only try your luck at auction.
而能在世面流传的药草学书籍，还是药师公会刊印出来方便有天赋的孩子入门之用，海草岛这边又很偏僻，能从游商身上买到两本就已经是运气。
And the herb books that can be circulated in the world are still printed by the Apothecary Guild for gifted children to get started, and Seagrass Island is very remote, so it is already luck to be able to buy two from the traveling merchants.
王叶买了那么多白纸就是打着让六小抄书的主意，两本书，六个人分着抄，抄出来的就归自己，那两本则归村里共有，包括认字书籍也一样。
Wang Ye bought so much blank paper because of the idea of letting six small copies of books, two books, six people copied separately, and the copied ones belonged to themselves, and the two books belonged to the village, including literacy books.
六小和海沟村人对王叶的感激自不必说。王叶买这些东西，可没要海沟村人一个铜币。
Needless to say, the people of Liuxiao and Haigou Village are grateful to Wang Ye. Wang Ye bought these things, but he didn't ask the people of Trench Village for a copper coin.
而凡是书籍，包括纸张和笔墨在内，那都死贵。尤其是涉及到知识的专业书，更是贵得让人吃惊。
And all books, including paper and pen and ink, are deadly expensive. In particular, professional books involving knowledge are surprisingly expensive.
就王叶买的那两本药草学入门，一本只有二十页，售价三个金币不还价。还有一本稍微厚一点，有五十页，实际内容还没有二十页的多，但因为上面画了药草图片，就敢要价十金币。
As for the two herbal medicine primers that Wang Ye bought, one was only twenty pages, and the price was three gold coins without bargaining. There is also a slightly thicker one, fifty pages, and the actual content is not more than twenty pages, but because of the pictures of medicinal herbs drawn on it, I dare to ask for ten gold coins.
十万元买本普通书，这在地球简直就是不可思议，但在双月星却极为常见。而且越偏僻的地方，这种知识类书籍卖得越贵。
100,000 yuan to buy an ordinary book, which is simply incredible on earth, but it is extremely common in the double moon star. And the more remote the place, the more expensive this kind of knowledge book sells.
两本药草学入门，加上一套认字书籍，还有那些笔墨纸，王叶一共花了二十金币。
Two primers on herbs, plus a set of literacy books, and those pen, ink and paper, Wang Ye spent a total of twenty gold coins.
而海沟村人跑一趟海草村市集，连本钱在内的全部收益不会超过十金，往年基本上在三到五金，今年收益有望超过八金，还是因为村里多了石灰、砖瓦陶器和石膏这些东西，就这点钱还要全村分。
And the people of Haigou Village go to the seagrass village market, even the capital of all the income will not exceed ten gold, in previous years basically in three to hardware, this year's income is expected to exceed eight gold, or because the village has more lime, bricks, pottery and gypsum these things, just this money will be divided by the whole village.
就问海沟村人要如何舍得去买这些不是急需的东西？就算想买也买不起。
“你这个海龟壳怎么卖？”因为要去囚犯岛，王叶打算多囤积一点东西，尤其是食物和淡水，叮嘱完六小就又跑出来扫货。
这摊子上的东西很杂，有小珍珠串起来的首饰，有鱼骨和贝壳做的项链，干掉的海星，小型珊瑚等等。
王叶看中的海龟壳不大，只比成年人巴掌大一圈，但颜色好看，整体雪白色，不过雪白色还有淡青色的背壳纹路，破坏了整体的美感，那些纹路就好像背壳上洗不干净的脏东西，让那雪白背壳一下变得掉价许多。
摊主看是一个小孩问价，随口报了个稍高的价格：“五个银币。”
“哥，我想要，买下来吧。”王叶拿起龟壳让雷木付钱。
雷木眼睛扫过这枚龟壳也发现了能量波动，当即掏钱。
“这龟壳我要了！”一只手想要把龟壳抢过去。
但雷木和王叶手更快，雷木已经丢下银币，王叶则抓住龟壳不放。
那人慢了一步，立刻对雷木道：“转卖给我吧，我是炼金学徒，需要这龟壳做点东西。五十银币如何？”
摊主愣住，顿时后悔无比。他才卖五个银币，结果买主转个手，就能赚十倍。
谁想雷木竟然摇头：“不卖。”
那人急道：“那龟壳对你们也没用，我真的急需材料，要么八十银？一个海龟壳而已……”
“是啊，一个海龟壳而已，其他摊子上也有，多的是，你去其他地方买就是。”王叶怼。
那人皱眉，像是才注意到雷木脸上的文字刺青，“原来你看出来了。你也是魔法师？”
雷木冷着脸：“不是。”
“那就是异术师了。”这名自称炼金学徒的青年不舍地盯着王叶拿在手里的海龟壳：“看来你们也看出来了，这海龟生前是魔兽，它的龟壳天生蕴含魔力，最妙的是，这龟壳上有天然的魔阵图，是极佳的魔法材料，这样的材料如果放到魔法商店卖，至少也值三五十个金币。可惜没让我更早看到它。”
摊主听了这话已经不是后悔，而是想要从王叶那里把龟壳抢过来了。五十个金币啊，竟然给他五个银币就卖了！亏了亏了，摊主哭丧着脸，满脸懊悔。
王叶见青年说破海龟壳的秘密，有点生气，把海龟壳塞给雷木，让他收起来。
青年见雷木手一翻，海龟壳就没了，就知道雷木有储物空间，从而推测出两人应该不太好惹，没再多纠缠，唉声叹气地离开。
这只是一个小插曲，王叶也没放在心上。 This was just a small episode, and Wang Ye didn't take it to heart.
第60章 坑人和扫尾
没多久，当王叶和雷木两人进入一家专门卖海珍珠的棕榈屋，王叶刚手指一颗大约指甲大的粉色珍珠询问价格，就有人立刻抢先把这颗珍珠买下，竟然连还价都没有。
王叶无语半天，今天怎么老碰上这种事？
等到他路过一个卖草药的摊子，看对方草药新鲜，想买下来囤积时，竟然连续冲出两人把他看中的药草全部买下，两人还抢得差点打起来。
When he passed by a stall selling herbs, saw that the other party's herbs were fresh, and wanted to buy them and stock them up, he rushed out of the two of them in a row to buy all the herbs he liked, and the two almost grabbed it.
王叶：“……这谁找我麻烦呢？” Wang Ye: "...... Who's going to trouble me? ”
雷木反应过来了，很无奈地看向小孩：“你的眼睛。” Lei Mu reacted and looked at the child helplessly: "Your eyes." ”
“嗯？” "Huh?"
“现在有不少人都知道你拥有真实之眼，而拥有这种眼睛的人在捡漏方面很有名，总是能用很低的价格买下很好的东西。偏偏你刚才还真捡漏了。”这也是雷木担心王叶的原因。
"A lot of people now know that you have real eyes, and people who have these eyes are famous for picking up leaks and always buying good things at a very low price. But you really missed it just now. This is also the reason why Lei Mu is worried about Wang Ye.
寻宝类魔兽和魔器都会拍出天价，更被无数人争夺。同样，拥有寻宝和辨识宝贝能力的人也一样可以被抢夺和禁锢。
Treasure hunting monsters and magic weapons will fetch sky-high prices, and they will be contested by countless people. In the same way, those who have the ability to hunt for treasures and identify treasures can also be robbed and imprisoned.
偏偏王叶又是小孩子，身份底细还不明了，想打他主意的人绝不会少。
It's just that Wang Ye is a child again, and his identity is still unknown, and there will never be fewer people who want to fight him.
王叶恍然大悟，“刚才那个什么炼金学徒不会早就认出我们了吧？他故意的？”
Wang Ye suddenly realized, "What kind of alchemy apprentice just now wouldn't have recognized us a long time ago, right?" He did it on purpose? ”
“他应该是在路上看到我们，进而留意到你看中的海龟壳，发现是好东西，就想抢，但慢了一步，就故意说破海龟壳的真正价值，一来让我们不好过，二来也在提醒他人你的真实之眼。”
"He should have seen us on the road, and then noticed the turtle shell you fancied, and found that it was a good thing, so he wanted to grab it, but he was one step slower, and deliberately said the true value of the turtle shell, first, to make us sad, and secondly, to remind others of your true eye."
“然后我们就被盯上了。”王叶脸都黑了。特意拉出因果卷看了下刚才那家伙的名字，哼哼，这人他记住了。
"And then we were targeted." Wang Ye's face darkened. Deliberately pulled out the cause and effect roll and looked at the name of the guy just now, hum, he remembered this person.
明明是很让人生气的事，雷木看了小家伙的表情却很想笑：“嗯，这还是刚开始。以后你上街买东西，或者去拍卖会，恐怕都要先遮住脸，否则你买什么，别人都会和你竞价抢买。”
It's obviously a very angry thing, but Lei Mu looked at the little guy's expression and wanted to laugh: "Well, this is just the beginning." In the future, when you go to the street to buy something, or go to an auction, I am afraid that you must cover your face first, otherwise what you buy, others will bid with you to buy it. ”
“另外，因为你这双眼睛，现在恐怕不少人都在猜测我们在拍卖会中拍下的石头和小板凳必然有不凡之处。你不是想要黑吃黑吗，放心，以后肯定会有很多人来打劫我们。”
"Also, because of your eyes, I'm afraid many people are now speculating that there must be something extraordinary about the stones and small benches we auctioned at auction. Don't you want to eat black, don't worry, there will definitely be many people who will come to rob us in the future. ”
王叶：“……” Wang Ye: "......"
雷木笑出声，又安慰小孩：“还好这地方偏僻，能记住你模样的人不多，你又还小，小孩子长得快，过一阵子，他们就认不出你了。我嘛，可以戴张面具。”
Lei Mu laughed out loud and comforted the child: "Fortunately, this place is remote, there are not many people who can remember your appearance, you are still young, children grow up fast, after a while, they will not recognize you." Well, I can wear a mask. ”
他们凭什么要遮头藏脸？王叶怒，插腰怒视路边所有偷看他们的人。
Why do they cover their heads and hide their faces? Wang Ye was furious, and he glared at all the people who peeked at them on the side of the road.
想截他的胡，有问过他同意没有吗？ If you want to cut off his beard, have you asked him if he agrees?
王叶冷冷一笑，他并不后悔说出自己拥有真实之眼的事，他后续有些计划必须要让人相信他的眼力，现在只是铺垫。
Wang Ye smiled coldly, he didn't regret saying that he had true eyes, some of his follow-up plans had to make people believe in his eyesight, and now it was just a foreshadowing.
有利必然有弊，这点小弊处，他完全能接受，而且他既然敢说，就能解决这个问题。
There must be advantages and disadvantages, and he can fully accept this small disadvantage, and since he dares to say it, he can solve this problem.
王叶拉着雷木东逛西逛，走到海沟村摊位，询问咸鱼和珊瑚的价格。
Wang Ye took Lei Mu to walk around, walked to the stall in Trench Village, and asked about the price of salted fish and coral.
暗中留意他的人，没注意到那是海沟村摊位，见王叶问完咸鱼又问虾米，最后才指着一个小珊瑚问价……这套路大家都熟悉，立即冲出来抢买。
The person who was secretly paying attention to him didn't notice that it was a stall in Trench Village, and saw that Wang Ye asked about salted fish and shrimp, and finally pointed to a small coral and asked the price...... Everyone is familiar with this routine, and immediately rushed out to buy it.
海沟村人在王叶示意下，把那截海里到处可见的小珊瑚报了个一金币的高价，结果来人问都没问就抢着买下，还高兴得不得了。
At the suggestion of Wang Ye, the people of Trench Village quoted the small coral that could be seen everywhere in the sea at a high price of one gold coin, but the people who came rushed to buy it without asking, and they were very happy.
海沟村人喜笑颜开又莫名其妙，目送小叶子和他哥又去了附近的蛇岛摊位，然后蛇岛摊位也被包围了。
The people of Haigou Village were happy and inexplicable, and watched Xiao Yezi and his brother go to the nearby Snake Island stall again, and then the Snake Island stall was also surrounded.
王叶又去了一个游商的摊位，这个游商有个特点，就是东西普通，但喊价特别高，完全抱着宰一个是一个的心理。
Wang Ye went to a traveling merchant's stall again, this traveling merchant has a characteristic, that is, things are ordinary, but the price is particularly high, and he completely holds the psychology of slaughtering one by one.
到这时，其实已经有人发现不对劲，但还是有些人抱着赌博的心理，王叶看中什么，他们就抢买什么。
By this time, in fact, some people had already discovered that something was wrong, but there were still some people who had the psychology of gambling, and they would buy whatever Wang Ye liked.
如此三五次后，抢买的人终于发现他们上当，那小孩在故意坑他们。
After doing this three or five times, the robbers finally found out that they had been fooled, and the kid was deliberately cheating them.
王叶也终于能安安静静地买东西，不过他现在也没什么想买的了。主要是他现在想买什么，那些摊主就开始犹豫，有些人更是能报出让人瞠目结舌的高价，还有摊主竟然把王叶看中的东西直接收起来说不卖了。
Wang Ye was finally able to buy things quietly, but he didn't have anything to buy now. The main reason is what he wants to buy now, those stall owners began to hesitate, some of them were even able to quote jaw-dropping high prices, and some stall owners actually put away the things that Wang Ye fancied and said that they would not sell them.
王叶：就一篓子海菜，你藏什么啊？难不成你以为这里面有仙药吗！
Wang Ye: Just a basket of sea vegetables, what are you hiding? Do you think there is an elixir in this!
王叶听到身边传来闷笑声，鼓起嘴巴怒瞪雷木。 Wang Ye heard a muffled laugh coming from beside him, puffed out his mouth and glared at Lei Mu angrily.
雷木忍笑忍得好辛苦：“好了，你应该庆幸之前买书本笔墨时没人跟你抢，否则你要买的药草书能被人送去拍卖行鉴定。哈哈哈！”
Lei Mu endured it with a smile and endured so hard: "Okay, you should be glad that no one robbed you when you bought the book pen and ink before, otherwise the herbal book you want to buy can be sent to the auction house for appraisal." Hahaha! ”
“木木！”王叶在无限郁闷中宣布结束今天的采购之行。
"Mumu!" Wang Ye announced the end of today's procurement trip in infinite depression.
海沟村人这时还在为一个小珊瑚卖了一金币而高兴，纷纷询问他是怎么回事。
The people of Trench Village were still happy that Little Coral had sold for a gold coin, and they asked him what was going on.
王叶没好气地道：“没什么事，就那些人眼瞎。” Wang Ye said angrily: "It's nothing, just those people are blind." ”
雷木又笑。 Reimu laughed again.
海蛋从后面戳王叶，表示有话要和他说。 Hai Dan poked Wang Ye from behind, indicating that he had something to say to him.
王叶就走到一边，问海蛋什么事。 Wang Ye stepped aside and asked Hai Dan what was the matter.
海蛋吭哧一会儿，终于还是问出：“小叶子，你和雷大哥是不是要离开了？”
Hai Dan snorted for a while, and finally asked, "Xiao Yezi, are you and Brother Lei leaving?" ”
六小都感觉出来了。 The six little ones all felt it.
王叶没否认，态度特别轻松地说：“是啊，我们有其他事要办，不过我们的石洞放那儿别动，那就是我们在岛上的房子，以后还要来住的。”
Wang Ye didn't deny it, and said with a very relaxed attitude: "Yes, we have other things to do, but don't move our stone cave there, that is our house on the island, and we will come to live in the future." ”
海蛋闻言立刻笑得露出豁牙：“放心，一定给你们留着，我会帮你们看着，不让任何人住进去。”
Hearing this, Hai Dan immediately smiled and showed his teeth: "Don't worry, I will keep it for you, I will help you watch it and not let anyone live in it." ”
“那就说好了。”王叶揪住海蛋的耳朵，跟他小声说了一段话。
"Then let's talk about it." Wang Ye grabbed Haidan's ear and whispered something to him.
海蛋眼睛瞪大，“真的？棕榈树那不结果的雄树花蕊能割出糖汁？”
Haidan's eyes widened, "Really? Can the stamens of the palm tree that do not bear fruit cut out the sugar juice? ”
“嘘。小声点，你说了，别人就都知道了。这是我给你将来娶媳妇的老婆本，你可要收好了。不过这事也瞒不了多久，你可以把这事告诉村长爷爷和船锚叔，就说是我告诉你一个人的，而你愿意献给整个村子。”
"Shhhh Be quiet, you say it, and everyone else will know. This is my wife for your future daughter-in-law, and you have to take it. But you can't keep it a secret for long, you can tell the village chief's grandfather and the anchor uncle about it, and say that I told you one person, and you are willing to give it to the whole village. ”
海蛋不懂：“为什么这么麻烦啊，你直接告诉村长爷爷不就好了。”
Hai Dan didn't understand: "Why is it so troublesome, just tell the village chief and grandpa directly." ”
王叶敲了他脑袋一下：“笨，我这是在帮你积累人望，你不想村长爷爷和船锚叔对你另眼相看吗？不想村人都尊重你、感激你吗？努力点，说不定下下任村长就是你了。”
Wang Ye knocked him on the head: "Stupid, I'm helping you accumulate popularity, don't you want the village chief's grandfather and Uncle Anchor to look at you differently?" Don't you want everyone in the village to respect you and be grateful to you? Work hard, maybe the next village chief will be you. ”
海蛋哈哈笑：“我才不要做村长，事情太多。” Hai Dan laughed: "I don't want to be the village chief, there are too many things." ”
“你就成天想着玩吧。”王叶气得又敲他一下，海蛋还是太小了，六小中他学习最不认真，也是最不可能被岩药师看上的，倒是他二哥海崖和船锚的长女船桨很有希望。
"You just want to play all day long." Wang Ye was so angry that he knocked him again, the sea egg was still too small, and he was the least serious in his studies in the sixth elementary school, and he was the least likely to be favored by the rock medicine master, but the oars of the eldest daughter of his second brother sea cliff and anchor were very promising.
但海蛋是第一个和他接触的海沟村人，也是海蛋先发现他和雷木，并且一直很亲近两人，王叶当然希望海蛋将来能好好的，所以他把棕糖的取糖法和制作方法都只告诉了海蛋一人。
But Hai Dan was the first person from Hai Trench Village to contact him, and it was Hai Dan who first discovered him and Lei Mu, and he has always been very close to the two, of course Wang Ye hopes that Hai Dan will be good in the future, so he only told Hai Dan about the method of extracting brown sugar and the method of making it.
从海草岛集市的货物就能看出，制糖业在这个世界的钱景十分美好。尤其是角戈群岛这一片，他们不缺盐，但糖这东西却仍旧属于改善物资，价格卖得还有些小贵。
As you can see from the goods in the Seagrass Island Bazaar, the sugar industry is very profitable in this world. Especially in the area of the Jiaogo Islands, they are not short of salt, but sugar is still a kind of improvement material, and the price is still a little expensive.
虽然棕糖因为原材料和产量的原因，想要大量制作大量倾销基本不可能，但好好经营的话，养家糊口绝对是足够了。
Although it is basically impossible to dump brown sugar in large quantities due to raw materials and production volumes, it is definitely enough to support your family if you manage it well.
海崖看到海蛋在和小叶子说悄悄话，十分羡慕。 Haiya saw that Hai Dan was whispering to Xiao Yezi, and was very envious.
但他只是羡慕海蛋和小叶子的随意和亲昵，并不妒忌弟弟的机遇。因为他很清楚，海蛋是他弟弟，海蛋能和小叶子处得好，不管小叶子私下给海蛋多少好处，最后受益的都是他们全家。
But he is only envious of Hai Dan and Xiao Yezi's casualness and intimacy, and he is not jealous of his younger brother's opportunity. Because he knows very well that Hai Dan is his younger brother, Hai Dan can get along well with Xiao Yezi, no matter how much benefit Xiao Ye gives Hai Dan in private, it is their whole family who benefits in the end.
就算海蛋以后都藏私，他们家现在受到的好处就已经足够全家所有人享受一辈子的了。现在村里人谁不羡慕他家？
Even if Hai Dan hides his secrets in the future, the benefits that their family receives now are enough for the whole family to enjoy for a lifetime. Now who in the village does not envy his family?
“喂，你们是海沟村的对吧？”一个渔民打扮的中年人提着一个篓子，走过来对海崖不客气地问道。
"Hey, you're from Trench Village, aren't you?" A middle-aged man dressed as a fisherman carrying a basket walked over to the sea cliff and asked unceremoniously.
海崖秉着来者是客的想法，很认真地回答：“是。你想买什么可以到摊子那边询问，如果想要治疗骨伤，我带你去找我们小叶子师……”
Sea Cliff replied very seriously, "Yes." If you want to buy anything, you can go to the stall and ask, if you want to treat bone injuries, I will take you to our little leaf master......"
“我就是来找那个药师学徒的，听说他还有一个哥哥很厉害？快带我过去。”中年渔民催促。
"That's where I came to find that pharmacist apprentice, and I heard that he also has an older brother who is very powerful? Take me there. The middle-aged fisherman urged.
海崖以为对方是来求医的，就把人带到了王叶面前。 Haiya thought that the other party was here to seek medical treatment, so he brought the person to Wang Ye.
结果这中年人看到王叶和雷木……雷木那张脸让他确认了两人身份，竟然张嘴就说道：“我是富德他婆娘的弟弟，我姐让我来跟你们说一声，让你们去她家一趟。大家都是乡里乡亲的，有些事做得太过分就不好了，你们现在气也出了，人也被你们折磨狠了，总不能一直让富德和奇器就那么下去，海神爷爷也会看不过眼。”
As a result, the middle-aged man saw Wang Ye and Lei Mu...... Lei Mu's face made him confirm the identities of the two, and he opened his mouth and said: "I am the younger brother of Fude's mother-in-law, my sister asked me to come and tell you and let you go to her house." Everyone is a villager, some things are too much, it's not good, you are angry now, people are also tortured by you, you can't keep letting Fude and strange weapons go on like that, Grandpa Poseidon will not be able to see it. ”
中年人把手里拎着的鱼篓往雷木面前一递：“喏，这是我姐让我给你们的礼，里面可是两条海鳗，贵得很。大家各退一步，你们去把富德和我外甥治好，往日的事情也就一笔勾销，大家还是乡亲。”
The middle-aged man handed the fish basket he was carrying in his hand to Lei Mu: "Oh, this is my sister asked me to give you a gift, but there are two moray eels in it, which are very expensive." Everyone takes a step back, you go and cure Fude and my nephew, and the past things will be written off, and everyone is still a villager. ”
王叶和雷木：“……”该说奇葩的家人果然也奇葩多吗？
Wang Ye and Lei Mu: "......" should I say that the wonderful family is really wonderful?
海沟村人：“……”这人是来找揍的吧？富德他婆娘是有多恨这个弟弟？
Trench Village: "......" this person is here to find a beating, right? How much does Fude's mother-in-law hate this younger brother?
王叶和雷木都懒得搭理这人，王叶今天遇到的奇葩太多，完全就把这中年人当演戏的看。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu didn't bother to take care of this person, Wang Ye encountered too many strange things today, and he completely regarded this middle-aged man as an actor.
最后还是船锚出面，让这位怎么来的又怎么回去了。 In the end, it was the anchor who came forward and asked this one to come and how to go back.
中年人还很不高兴，一副王叶和雷木不给他面子的生气模样，还质问船锚，那两兄弟是不是嫌他们送的礼太少。
The middle-aged man was still very unhappy, looking angry that Wang Ye and Lei Mu didn't give him face, and asked the anchor if the two brothers thought they gave too few gifts.
船锚跟这种混人没什么好说的，直接让他滚蛋。 The anchor has nothing to say to this kind of bastard, just let him get out.
中年人气跑了，一路还骂骂咧咧。那两兄弟不肯收东西，他还怎么占大头？又有那么多人看着，他想说把东西已经送到都说不出口。现在好了，他姐给多少，他都得拎回去，白算计了。
The middle-aged popularity ran away, and he scolded all the way. Those two brothers refused to accept things, how could he still take the lion's share? There were so many people watching, and he couldn't say that he wanted to say that the things had been delivered. Now it's okay, he has to take it back as much as his sister gives, and it's a vain calculation.
次日上午，王叶和雷木就跟着村长去了海边码头。 The next morning, Wang Ye and Lei Mu followed the village chief to the seaside pier.
岩药师也带着随从登上了海沟岛的中型渔船。 Iwayakushi also boarded a medium-sized fishing boat on Trench Island with his entourage.
很多人都在暗中注意王叶和雷木这对兄弟的去向，眼看着他们的船驶离了海岸。
Many people were secretly paying attention to the whereabouts of the brothers Wang Ye and Lei Mu, and watched their ship sail away from the coast.
海草岛岛主富秀山接到消息，头疼：“怎么这就走了？我还正想找他们。”
Fu Xiushan, the owner of Seagrass Island, received the news and had a headache: "Why is this leaving?" I'm still trying to find them. ”
富德的妻子也听到消息，疯了一般地跑来，扒住他家大门就大声哭：“岛主，你可要为我们做主啊！现在那两个跑掉了，我们家富德和奇器怎么办啊？”
When Fude's wife heard the news, she ran madly and cried loudly when she grabbed the door of his house: "Island master, you have to be the master for us!" Now that those two have run away, what should we do with our family's Fude and Qiqi? ”
富秀山也恼了，不是恼王叶和雷木，而是恼富德一家，当即骂道：“早干什么去了？我怎么跟你们说的？让你们带着礼物去找人赔礼道歉，跟人好好说，再找海沟村人的帮忙说合一下，事情说不定早就解决了。就你们死要面子，非要让人家来找你们，人家凭什么找你们？你们以为你们是谁？”
Fu Xiushan was also annoyed, not annoyed by Wang Ye and Lei Mu, but annoyed by Fude's family, and immediately scolded: "What did you do earlier?" What did I tell you? Let you bring the gift to someone to apologize, talk to someone, and then ask the people of Trench Village to help you agree, maybe the matter will be resolved long ago. If you want to save face, you have to let people come to you, why should people look for you? Who do you think you are? ”
富德的妻子委屈上了。她不是没找，她已经让人去找了，还让人带了东西过去，以前在村里，她什么时候这么跟人低声下气过？可对方却半点不给他们家面子，东西没收不说，还把她弟撵回来了。
Fude's wife was wronged. It's not that she didn't look for it, she has already asked people to look for it, and she has asked people to bring things over, when has she ever whispered so much to people in the village before? But the other party didn't give their family face at all, didn't say anything about the confiscation, and brought her brother back.
她昨晚跑来想找岛主给他们家撑腰，岛主却怎么都不肯，还让他们再送礼去，还要她亲自去。
She came to the island owner last night to support their family, but the island owner refused anything, and asked them to give gifts again, and asked her to go in person.
她还在犹豫，昨天她给了她弟整整二十个银币还有两筐海鲜，就这样对方也没收，那下次去要带多少？再加十个银币够吗？
She was still hesitating, yesterday she gave her brother a full twenty silver coins and two baskets of seafood, and the other party didn't confiscate it, so how much will she bring next time? Is ten more silver coins enough?
能养出富奇器那样的儿子，这位富夫人也是个对钱财极为看重的抠门人，别人给她钱可以，让她拿钱出去送给别人，那就跟割她肉一样，哪怕是为了救自己的丈夫和孩子，她也心疼。
can raise a son like Fu Qiqi, this rich lady is also a door-picker who attaches great importance to money, others can give her money, let her take the money out and give it to others, it is the same as cutting her flesh, even if it is to save her husband and children, she is distressed.
谁想，就这么一犹豫，那两兄弟竟然乘船走了，以后还不知道会不会回来。
Who would have thought, just after such a hesitation, the two brothers actually left by boat, and I don't know if they will come back in the future.
女人急了，可人都走了，还能怎么办？只能哭天嚎地了。
The woman is in a hurry, but everyone is gone, what else can I do? I can only cry and howl.
富秀山让人把富德婆娘送回家，也有点后悔没再次去拜访那兄弟俩，他原本想着集市还有近一个月，后面慢慢相处也来得及，更自然一些。
Fu Xiushan asked Fu De to send his wife home, and he also regretted a little that he didn't visit the brothers again, he originally thought that the market would be nearly a month, and it would be more natural to get along slowly.
谁想那对兄弟突然就走了。 Who would have thought that the brothers would suddenly leave.
富秀山正叹气，就听说海沟村有人来拜访了。 Fu Xiushan was sighing, and he heard that someone from Haigou Village had come to visit.
富秀山连忙道：“快请！” Fu Xiushan hurriedly said: "Please!" ”
来的是船锚，双方客套一番后，船锚说出了他的来意。 It was the anchor who came, and after a polite exchange between the two sides, the anchor said what he meant.
“那两位贵客要离开，咱们村长就找两位贵客说了，海草岛人连同岛主在内，大多数都是厚道人，对咱们这些邻居也不坏，有那个别人那也是没法子的事。哪个地方没有好人坏人？”
"Those two distinguished guests are leaving, and our village chief will find the two distinguished guests and tell them, most of the people of Seagrass Island and the owner of the island are kind people, and they are not bad for our neighbors, and there is no way to do anything with that other person. Where is there no good guy or bad guy? ”
富秀山连连点头：“海老哥说得极是！嗐，还是海老哥看得明白，咱岛出那么一个人，我都不好意思。只是岛上实在缺少药师，没奈何，也让大家跟着受委屈了。”
Fu Xiushan nodded again and again: "Brother Hai is very right!" Hey, Brother Hai can see that I'm embarrassed that there is such a person on our island. It's just that there is a shortage of pharmacists on the island, so there is no choice but to do it, and everyone is wronged. ”
船锚当然不会在这时候指责富秀山纵容那对父子，跟着点头附和：“是啊，谁都不容易。原本您亲自去找过我们，那两位贵客就打算意思意思，让那对父子疼个两天就收手。总不能人做错了事、得罪了人，却一点惩罚都没有，对吧？”
Of course, the anchor would not accuse Fu Xiushan of conniving at the father and son at this time, and nodded in agreement: "Yes, it is not easy for anyone." Originally, you went to us in person, and the two distinguished guests planned to let the father and son stop after two days. You can't do something wrong or offend someone without any punishment at all, right? ”
富秀山当然只能说对。 Of course, Fu Xiushan can only say that he is right.
“可是……”船锚就把昨天下午有个自称是富德妻弟的人拎了两条死海鳗上门的事，详细描述了一遍。
"But......" The anchor described in detail the incident of a man who claimed to be Fude's wife and brother who had brought two dead moray eels to the door the previous afternoon.
富秀山听得脸色通红，不光是气的，还是羞的。 Fu Xiushan's face turned red when he heard this, not only angry, but also ashamed.
“两位贵客走前说了，虽然那一家子很讨厌，但他们很喜欢海草岛的风光，也很喜欢海草岛人的朴实，更尊敬岛主您维持这个集市的辛苦，感谢您对周边邻居的照顾，所以现在这会儿，那对父子身上的异状应该已经消失。我过来就是跟您说这件事。”船锚道。
"The two distinguished guests said before leaving, although the family is very annoying, but they like the scenery of Seagrass Island very much, and they also like the simplicity of the people of Seagrass Island, and they respect the island owner for your hard work in maintaining this market, and thank you for taking care of the surrounding neighbors, so at this moment, the strangeness of the father and son should have disappeared. I'm here to tell you about it. "Anchor Road.
富秀山松了口气，更觉得羞愧难当：“老弟啊，你和海老哥的恩情，我富秀山记下了。我知道那两位如果不是看在你们村的份上，肯定不会那么轻易饶过富德父子俩。”
Fu Xiushan breathed a sigh of relief, and felt even more ashamed: "Brother, the kindness between you and Brother Hai, I Fu Xiushan has written it down." I know that if it weren't for the sake of your village, those two would definitely not have spared Fude and his son so easily. ”
富秀山心里下定决心，以后再也不纵容那对父子俩。 Fu Xiushan made up his mind that he would never indulge the father and son again in the future.
而富德没了武师的能力，就算想要在村里耀武扬威也不可能。富奇器虽然没有丢失药师学徒的本事，但没了他父亲撑腰，他以后恐怕也不会敢再用鼻孔看人，更不敢再做出骗人当仆人，却不给工钱也不教本事的恶心事。
And Fude has no martial arts ability, even if he wants to show off his power in the village, it is impossible. Although Fu Qiqi did not lose the ability of the pharmacist's apprentice, without his father's support, he probably would not dare to look at people with his nostrils in the future, let alone do the disgusting thing of deceiving people as a servant, but not paying him or teaching his skills.
等到下午富秀山还听说了一件事，对王叶和雷木的印象更好。
In the afternoon, Fu Xiushan heard about one more thing, and he had a better impression of Wang Ye and Lei Mu.
原来王叶走前，还去找了他租房的房东，主动帮就住在隔壁的房东哥哥诊治伤腿。
It turned out that before Wang Ye left, he also went to the landlord who rented his house, and took the initiative to help the landlord's brother who lived next door to treat his injured leg.
其实那对兄弟在听说王叶治疗了好几个断腿断臂的人后，早就想要找王叶看看，但他们听说王叶出手最低都要五个金币，因为家里实在掏不出这笔钱，就连问都没敢去问。
In fact, after hearing that Wang Ye had treated several people with broken legs and arms, the brothers had long wanted to look for Wang Ye, but they heard that Wang Ye had to pay at least five gold coins, because the family really couldn't afford the money, so they didn't even dare to ask.
没想到王叶竟然主动找来了，不但帮忙把房东哥哥的断腿接上，给他打上药泥石膏，还打包票说七天管好。
Unexpectedly, Wang Ye took the initiative to find it, not only to help connect the landlord's brother's broken leg, to put a medicated mud plaster on him, but also to pack a ticket and say that it would be managed in seven days.
最后王叶和雷木还找这对兄弟俩单独说话，这事富秀山就不知道了。
In the end, Wang Ye and Lei Mu also talked to the two brothers alone, and Fu Xiushan didn't know about it.
王叶两人跟这对兄弟说了什么？ What did Wang Ye and the two say to the brothers?
王叶告诉这对兄弟俩，有人委托他们来看望他们，并给他们送一样东西。
Wang Ye told the brothers that they had been asked to visit them and give them something.
而他们会耽搁两天，也是因为需要查证兄弟俩是不是就是他们要找的人。
And they will be delayed for two days because they need to check whether the brothers are the people they are looking for.
现在他们确定了，就找上门了。 Now that they've been sure, they're coming to the door.
雷木接着跟兄弟俩说，委托他们送东西的人就是老海盗，两兄弟曾经的继父。
Remu then told the brothers that the person who had entrusted them with the delivery was the old pirate, the brothers' former stepfather.
雷木又表示老海盗已经去世，临死前后悔自己曾经做下的种种错事，并对后来娶的妻子和两个继子尤为感到抱歉。
Remu also said that the old pirate had died, and before he died, he regretted all the wrong things he had done, and he was especially sorry for his wife and two stepsons.
而老海盗也没什么积蓄，他被抓起来后就藏起了一个戒指，这个戒指来历清晰，并不是什么赃款，拿到戒指的人可以把戒指卖掉，也可以凭借这个戒指去找春木上国一位贵族，请他帮忙办一件事。
And the old pirate didn't have much savings, and after he was caught, he hid a ring, which had a clear origin and was not stolen money, and the person who got the ring could sell the ring, or use it to find a nobleman in the country of Haruki and ask him to help him do something.
雷木把这枚戒指拿出来交给了两兄弟，并告诉他们这枚戒指的大概价值。
Remu took out the ring and gave it to the two brothers, telling them the approximate value of the ring.
两兄弟万没想到当年那个被抓走的继父竟然还能想着他们，临到死竟然还能让人送东西给他们。
The two brothers never imagined that the stepfather who was captured back then would still be able to think about them, and even let people give them things when he died.
两兄弟不由唏嘘，他们那时还小，都记不得老海盗长什么样了。
The two brothers couldn't help but sigh, they were still young at the time, and they couldn't remember what the old pirate looked like.
雷木又叮嘱兄弟俩不要把老海盗送东西给他们的事说出去，毕竟海盗嘛，肯定有仇家。
Lei Mu also told the brothers not to tell the old pirate about the things he sent to them, after all, pirates must have enemies.
两兄弟拼命点头，他们当然不会说了，就是他们的妻子都不知道他们的继父是个老海盗，还被抓走了。
The two brothers nodded desperately, of course they wouldn't say anything, even their wives didn't know that their stepfather was an old pirate, and he was captured.
两兄弟觉得他们一辈子都不会离开海草岛，有了这枚戒指也没什么用，如果拿出去卖又怕被人注意，到时让人以为他们家还藏有老海盗留下的东西，那就麻烦了。
The two brothers felt that they would never leave Seagrass Island for the rest of their lives, and that it would be useless to have this ring, and if they were to sell it for fear of being noticed, it would be troublesome for people to think that their house still had something left behind by the old pirate.
最后当哥哥的恳求雷木，问两人能不能把这枚戒指买下或者代卖，他们想要换成金币。
In the end, when the elder brother pleaded with Lei Mu, he asked the two if they could buy or sell the ring, and they wanted to exchange it for gold coins.
王叶和雷木早就料到两兄弟会如此选择，很干脆地买下了戒指。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu had long expected that the two brothers would make such a choice, so they simply bought the ring.
王叶没占两兄弟的便宜，为了结清因果，鉴定术给出的市场价是多少，他就付出了多少。这个市场价还包含了请那位贵族出手帮忙的溢价部分，也就是王叶付出的金币远超出这枚戒指的本体价值。
Wang Ye didn't take advantage of the two brothers, in order to settle the cause and effect, he paid as much as the market price given by the identification technique. This market price also included the premium part of asking the nobleman to help, that is, the gold coins paid by Wang Ye far exceeded the value of the ring.
两兄弟得到了整整三百金币的巨款，高兴得快疯了。这根本就是天上掉下来的意外之财，还这么多，有这么多钱，他们家三代都不用愁吃穿。
The two brothers were madly happy when they received a huge sum of three hundred gold coins. This is simply a windfall from the sky, and there is so much money, so much money, three generations of their family do not have to worry about food and clothing.
第61章 无心插柳柳成荫 Chapter 61: Unintentionally planted willows and willows
王叶坐在船上，听着一笔笔经验值到账，还接连收获了几次因果之力，美滋滋。
Wang Ye sat on the boat, listening to the experience value of the account, and also harvested the power of cause and effect several times in succession, which was beautiful.
就是这些任务的经验值都不高，就算昨天他给海沟村人购买了知识类书籍和笔墨纸张，也只不过奖励了五百点。
It's just that the experience value of these tasks is not high, even if he bought knowledge books and pen, ink and paper for the people of Trench Village yesterday, he only rewarded 500 points.
五百点在以前的他看起来很多，但在知道还有任务能一次性奖励一万点乃至十万点，他就……
Five hundred points seemed like a lot to him before, but when he knew that there were still tasks that could reward 10,000 or even 100,000 points at a time, he ......
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王让老海盗的灵魂得以安息，得到增益效果“幽灵老海盗的感谢”。该感谢可以让玩家以后面对幽灵类存在时，自动增加5点好感值。】
[Congratulations to the player next door Xiao Wang for letting the old pirate's soul rest in peace and get the buff effect "Ghost Old Pirate's Thanks".] This thank you will automatically increase the player's opinion by 5 points when facing a ghost class in the future. 】
哎？！王叶顿时来了精神。 Ay?! Wang Ye suddenly came to his senses.
竟然还有这种好处？ How can there be such a benefit?
5点好感值不高，但当所有人都是零点，只有你一个人是5点的时候，或者别人都是负值，只有你是正值的时候，这个好感值就很值钱了。
5 points of opinion is not high, but when everyone is zero, only you are 5 points, or everyone else is negative, and only you are positive, this opinion value is very valuable.
这是好事，连同上辈子加在一起，他还是第一次收到这样的增益效果。
This is a good thing, and it is the first time he has received such a buff in his previous life.
他知道这个世界有亡灵魔法，有鬼魂，但这些在上辈子基本上都只出现在副本里面，他没想到能在新手村范围就碰到幽灵。
He knew that there was necromancy and ghosts in this world, but these basically only appeared in dungeons in his previous life, and he didn't expect to encounter ghosts within the scope of the novice village.
没想到那个老海盗竟然还没死透，竟然变成了幽灵。而且就在海草岛？
I didn't expect that the old pirate was not dead, but turned into a ghost. And right on Seagrass Island?
王叶只要想到他待的那个租房内，有一个幽灵盯着他，顿觉得浑身不舒服。
As long as Wang Ye thought of the rental room where he was staying, there was a ghost staring at him, and he suddenly felt uncomfortable.
因果之力也有对付鬼魂和亡灵法术的技能，但要到十五级才能开启。
The power of cause and effect also has skills against ghosts and necromancy, but it can't be activated until level fifteen.
对了，木头的眼睛似乎能看见那些幽灵。 By the way, the wood's eyes seem to be able to see the ghosts.
王叶赶紧问雷木：“哥，你有没有在我们身边发现幽灵之类的存在？”
Wang Ye hurriedly asked Lei Mu: "Brother, have you found any ghosts or the like around us?" ”
雷木皱眉，特意看了看四周，这才回答：“没有。” Lei Mu frowned, looked around deliberately, and then replied, "No." ”
王叶又问：“之前呢？在我们租房里？” Wang Ye asked again: "What about before?" In our rented house? ”
雷木很肯定地道：“没有。如果有那种东西出现，我一定会感知到。怎么？你看到幽灵了？”
Reimu said with certainty: "No." If that kind of thing comes up, I'm going to feel it. How? Do you see a ghost? ”
雷木没用看这个字，而是换了感知这个词。 Lei Mu didn't need to look at the word, but changed the word perception.
“没，我就是疑神疑鬼。”王叶放心了，看来那老海盗就算真的变成幽灵，也没待在他们身边。
"No, I'm just suspicious." Wang Ye was relieved, it seemed that even if the old pirate really became a ghost, he didn't stay by their side.
不过他为什么会得到幽灵老海盗的感谢？ But why did he get the old ghost pirate's gratitude?
难道是因为他给了他曾经的继子们三百金币？又帮他们治伤的缘故？
Was it because he had given his former stepsons three hundred gold coins? And for their healing sake?
但老海盗会是这么在乎继子的人吗？ But would the old pirate be the one who cares so much about his stepson?
王叶不知，就在他和雷木离开房东两兄弟的家以后，这两兄弟有感于老海盗临死前还想着他们，更给他们送来一笔巨款，就用家里的木头给他刻了一个牌位，还把老海盗的牌位和他们母亲和亲生父亲的牌位摆在一起，并单独给老海盗上了供品，祭祀了一番。
Unbeknownst to Wang Ye, after he and Lei Mu left the house of the two landlord brothers, the two brothers felt that the old pirate was still thinking about them before he died, and even sent them a huge sum of money, so they carved a tablet for him with the wood at home, and also put the old pirate's tablet with the tablet of their mother and biological father, and made offerings to the old pirate separately and made sacrifices.
而老海盗确实没有死透，他变成了幽灵，但他没有完整意识，只有无尽的怨恨和不满，他和绝大多数没有死干净的幽灵一样，到处徘徊，又无法离开死亡地点太远。
And the old pirate is indeed not dead, he has become a ghost, but he has no full consciousness, only endless resentment and resentment, he is like the vast majority of ghosts who are not dead, wandering around, and cannot get too far from the place of death.
幽灵们会互相吞噬，这可以使他们变得强大，但也会让他们继承更多的痛苦。
The ghosts will devour each other, which can make them stronger, but it will also allow them to inherit more pain.
老海盗的意识在经过几次吞噬后，不但没有清醒，反而变得越发凶戾，整个灵魂都被怨气和痛苦侵袭。
After several devouring sessions, the old pirate's consciousness not only did not wake up, but became more and more ferocious, and his entire soul was invaded by resentment and pain.
这样的老海盗其实已经快要消失，他就要异变成另一种存在，怨恨亡灵。
Such an old pirate is actually about to disappear, and he will transform into another being, resentful of the undead.
怨恨亡灵没有自己的独立意识，有的只是痛苦、仇恨、愤怒等各种极为强烈的负面情绪，就像幽灵界的病毒。
Resentful undead have no independent consciousness of their own, and only have all kinds of extremely strong negative emotions such as pain, hatred, and anger, just like a virus in the ghost world.
就在他的独立意识快要消失时，老海盗忽然感到有谁在呼唤他，一股祭祀能量涌入他的魂海中，那股纯粹的充满善意和感激的能量让他瞬间清醒过来。
Just as his sense of independence was about to disappear, the old pirate suddenly felt that someone was calling him, and a sacrificial energy poured into his soul, and that pure energy full of kindness and gratitude made him wake up in an instant.
通过祭祀，老海盗听到了那对兄弟的感激之词，也了解到那对兄弟为什么突然祭祀他。
Through the sacrifice, the old pirate heard the brothers' words of gratitude and learned why the brothers had suddenly sacrificed to him.
虽然老海盗不太明白他告诉章绘的财产怎么会落到王叶和雷木手中，但对方得到他的财产竟然没有独吞，还选择拿出一部分送给他曾经的继子，从而才让他的继子们感激他、祭祀他，甚至愿意给他立一个牌位。
Although the old pirate didn't quite understand how the property he told Zhang Hui could fall into the hands of Wang Ye and Lei Mu, the other party didn't take his property alone, and chose to give a part of it to his former stepson, so that his stepsons would be grateful to him, sacrifice him, and even be willing to set up a tablet for him.
老海盗的灵魂平静了下来，他倒没有觉得继子们势利眼，当年他被抓走时，两个继子还很小，而且他这个继父也没对两个继子多亲昵，对他们和他们的母亲利用居多，当时他甚至还想杀死他们。
The old pirate's soul calmed down, he didn't think his stepsons were snobbish, when he was captured, the two stepsons were still very young, and his stepfather didn't have much affection for them, he took advantage of them and their mothers, and he even wanted to kill them at that time.
老海盗回忆一生，就觉得自己真的很混蛋，他几乎没有对得起任何人过，就是章绘，也是因为他年老快死，又抱着章绘将来不一定能离开囚犯岛的心思，才会把自己的藏宝下落告诉他。
When the old pirate recalled his life, he felt that he was really a bastard, he was almost worthy of anyone, even Zhang Hui, and it was also because he was old and dying, and he held the mind that Zhang Hui might not be able to leave Prisoner Island in the future, so he would tell him the whereabouts of his hidden treasure.
他该消失了，这样的存活又有什么意义？ He should have disappeared, so what's the point of surviving?
老海盗看看周围那些疯狂痛苦的幽灵，放开了最后的执念，灵魂化作天地能量，彻底解脱。而他灵魂化作的最纯粹能量一部分就变成了【幽灵老海盗的感谢】，在这个世界的规则指引下，奔向了王叶。
The old pirate looked at the crazy and painful ghosts around him, let go of his last obsession, and his soul turned into heaven and earth energy, completely liberated. And the purest part of the energy that his soul turned into became [Ghost Old Pirate's Thanks], and under the guidance of the rules of this world, he rushed to Wang Ye.
对了，因果卷。 That's right, the cause and effect volume.
王叶打开因果卷，查看他和房东兄弟之间的因果，看到了房东兄弟祭祀老海盗的字眼，而他得到【幽灵老海盗的感谢】的因果线源头就是来自这里。
Wang Ye opened the cause and effect scroll, checked the cause and effect between him and the landlord brother, and saw the words of the landlord brother sacrificing the old pirate, and the source of the cause and effect line for him to get the [Ghost Old Pirate's Thanks] came from here.
可惜他现在等级不高，无法把整个事情经过都从因果卷上查看清楚，只能从少数重要线索上进行大致推测。
It's a pity that his current level is not high, and he can't see the whole thing clearly from the cause and effect scroll, and can only make a rough guess from a few important clues.
雷木不觉得小叶子会莫名其妙地疑神疑鬼，这让他在上岸后还时不时地使用眼术扫看周围。
Lei Mu didn't think that Xiao Ye would be inexplicably suspicious, which made him use his eye skills to scan the surroundings from time to time after he went ashore.
两人先跟着船只回到了海沟岛。 The two of them followed the ship back to Trench Island first.
王叶回来就为了取一样东西，那枚聚水珠。 Wang Ye came back to get something, the water bead.
村长则带着岩药师去了崖壁洞穴看药泥，看完药泥又让海耀祖和海潮等年轻猎人带岩药师进山查看药草的生长情况。
The village chief took the rock medicine master to the cliff cave to see the medicinal mud, and after seeing the medicine mud, he asked Hai Yaozu and Hai Chao and other young hunters to take the rock medicine master into the mountain to check the growth of the medicinal herbs.
村长到底年纪大了，就没跟着进山，而且村长还想陪陪王叶和雷木。岩药师虽然好，但他们村最感激的还是王叶两人，他们村现在所有好的变化都是这两人带来的，就是岩药师这人也是。更不要说王叶还帮他们村度过几次可能灭村的危机。
The village chief didn't follow him into the mountain when he was old, and the village chief still wanted to accompany Wang Ye and Lei Mu. Although the rock pharmacist is good, the most grateful thing in their village is Wang Ye and the others, and all the good changes in their village now are brought about by these two people, even the rock pharmacist. Not to mention that Wang Ye also helped their village survive several crises that might destroy the village.
“村长爷爷，我们想跟您借一艘小船，给囚犯岛报信的事，我们顺便去办了，你们就不用去了。小船我不确定能不能还给你们，如果能，我们就在海草岛见。”
"Grandpa the village chief, we want to borrow a small boat from you to report the news to the prisoner island, we will do it by the way, so you don't have to go. I'm not sure if I can return the boat to you, but if we can, we'll see you at Seagrass Island. ”
“小船没问题，等会儿我挑一艘最好的给你们。不过……你们要去囚犯岛？其实这事应该我们去。”村长道。
"The boat is fine, I'll pick the best one for you later." But...... Are you going to Prisoner Island? Actually, we should go to it. The village chief said.
王叶摆手：“你们不要去，那囚犯岛现在还不知道情况怎样，如果你们去了被传染寄生虫怎么办？以后没事也别过去，离那边远一点。另外，你们村以后最好把围墙建造起来，一旦有什么事还能做个抵挡。如果能安排一个逃生通道更好，有什么事就带着村人逃了再说。”
Wang Ye waved his hand: "Don't go, the prisoner island still doesn't know what the situation is, what if you go and get infected with parasites?" Don't go there if you're okay in the future, stay away from there. In addition, it is best for your village to build a wall in the future, so that you can resist it if something happens. It would be better if there was an escape route, and if there was anything, I would take the villagers to escape. ”
村长张口，似乎想说什么。 The village chief opened his mouth, as if he wanted to say something.
王叶跟村长道别。 Wang Ye said goodbye to the village chief.
村长似乎做了什么决定，一咬牙，上前抓住了王叶的手臂：“小叶子，你和你哥先跟我走一趟。”
The village chief seemed to have made some decision, gritted his teeth, stepped forward and grabbed Wang Ye's arm: "Xiao Yezi, you and your brother will go with me first." ”
王叶不解：“去哪里？” Wang Ye was puzzled: "Where to go?" ”
“你们跟我来就知道了。”村长神神秘秘的，其他人都没带。
"You'll find out with me." The village chief was mysterious, and no one else brought it.
村长带着王叶和雷木进入村里选定的火窑山谷，但他没有走人多的地方，反而特地避开了那些正在做活的村人，走小路把两人带到山谷最尽头。
The village chief took Wang Ye and Lei Mu into the valley of the fire kiln selected by the village, but instead of going to the crowded place, he specially avoided the villagers who were doing their work, and took the path to the end of the valley.
村长提着一个小灯，拨开垂下来的树根，矮身钻入树根下的大洞。
The village chief carried a small lamp, brushed away the hanging roots, and plunged into the big hole under the roots.
这棵大树长得非常有特色，它的一半根扎在土壤里，还有一半根包裹住了一颗巨大的树桩。
The tree was so distinctive that half of its roots were rooted in the soil and half of it wrapped around a huge stump.
这个树桩可能经过常年腐蚀，也可能是动物在这里做窝，接近根部的位置有一个直径一米的大洞。
The stump may have been eroded over the years, or it may have been an animal making a nest here, with a large hole in diameter of one meter near the roots.
但这个大洞很隐秘，全都被上面垂下来的树根须须给遮掩住。
But the hole was very secretive, and it was all hidden by the tendrils of the roots hanging down from it.
如果不是村长带领两人过来这里，两人哪怕经过这里，也不会发现这个树洞。
If it weren't for the village chief leading the two of them here, even if the two of them passed here, they wouldn't have found this tree hole.
树洞里面竟然别有天地，进来后有一条高度不超过一米二的通道通向未知地点。
There is a world in the tree hole, and after entering, there is a passage with a height of no more than one meter and two leading to an unknown location.
村长跪在地上往前面爬，回头小声让他们跟上。 The village chief knelt on the ground and crawled forward, turning back and whispering to them to follow.
王叶和雷木互看，王叶毫不犹豫地钻入树洞，里面的高度对他来说正正好。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu looked at each other, and Wang Ye did not hesitate to burrow into the tree hole, and the height inside was just right for him.
雷木走起来就比较辛苦了，也得爬着走。 It was harder for Lei Mu to walk, and he had to crawl to walk.
所幸这条狭窄低矮的通道不算很长，大约五十多米后就能站起来直立行走了。
Fortunately, this narrow and low passage is not very long, and after about 50 meters, you can stand up and walk upright.
王叶摸了摸墙壁，注意到他们应该是走在岩石缝隙里。 Wang Ye touched the wall and noticed that they should be walking in a crack in the rock.
而且岩石摸上去十分潮湿，他们应该是在往海边走？ And the rocks are very wet to the touch, they must be walking towards the beach?
通过大约两三百米的缝隙通道，前面出现了一个高度两米多，面积能容纳十来个人的山洞。
Through a gap of about two or three hundred meters, a cave with a height of more than two meters and an area that can accommodate more than a dozen people appeared in front of it.
村长单手拍拍膝盖上的泥土，一只手提着小灯，转头对两人介绍：“这里可以说是我们岛最大的秘密。顺着这个洞穴往下走，你们会看到一条水路，但那条水路很浅，不用船只也能通过。”
The village chief patted the dirt on his knee with one hand, and with a small lamp in the other, he turned his head and introduced to the two: "This can be said to be the biggest secret of our island. If you go down this cave, you will see a waterway, but it is shallow and you can pass it without boats. ”
王叶心中一动：“那条水路通向哪里？” Wang Ye's heart moved: "Where does that waterway lead?" ”
村长抬手指向对面，“囚犯岛。” The village chief raised his hand and pointed to the opposite side, "Prisoner Island." ”
王叶和雷木愕然。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu were stunned.
村长苦笑：“我带你们过来就不打算瞒着你们，其实我爷爷就是从这条通道逃过来的。”
The village chief smiled bitterly: "I didn't intend to hide it from you when I brought you here, in fact, my grandfather escaped from this passage." ”
村长和两人说了一个小故事。 The village chief told a little story to the two.
他爷爷并不是海沟岛土生土长的岛民，而是囚犯岛上一名囚犯，他在挖洞逃跑中无意中掉落一个很深的溶洞群中，他在那个溶洞群中走了很久，就在他以为他会永远迷失在地底时，他竟然从洞中走了出来。
His grandfather was not a native of Trench Island, but a prisoner on Prisoner Island, who inadvertently fell into a deep cave group while digging a cave to escape, and he walked in the cave group for a long time, and just when he thought he would be lost forever, he actually walked out of the cave.
出来后，他以为自己还在囚犯岛上，小心翼翼躲了好些天，后发现了海沟岛岛民，他经过几天确认，发现自己已经逃出囚犯岛，顿时欣喜若狂。
After coming out, he thought he was still on Prisoner Island, and carefully hid for several days, and then found the islanders of Trench Island, and after a few days of confirmation, he found that he had escaped from Prisoner Island, and he was immediately ecstatic.
“我爷爷伪装是漂来的落难者，让村里收留了他，后来娶了我奶奶，就在岛上安家了。”
"My grandfather disguised himself as a drifting shipwreck, asked the village to take him in, and later married my grandmother and settled on the island."
村长忽然叹息：“你们肯定会奇怪，为什么我那祖父没有选择远离囚犯岛，难道就不怕被囚犯岛的看守发现吗？”
The village chief suddenly sighed: "You must wonder why my grandfather didn't choose to stay away from Prisoner Island, isn't he afraid of being discovered by the guards of Prisoner Island?" ”
“您也有这个疑问吧。”王叶笑嘻嘻地道。 "You have that question, too." Wang Ye said with a smile.
村长点头：“对，我也有这个疑问。直到我父亲快要去见海神爷爷，他才把祖父跟他说的秘密告诉了我。”
The village chief nodded: "Yes, I also have this question. It wasn't until my father was about to go to see Grandpa Poseidon that he told me the secret that my grandfather told him. ”
王叶眯眼：“村长爷爷，你是打算把你们家的秘密告诉我和我哥吗？”
Wang Ye squinted: "Grandpa the village chief, are you planning to tell me and my brother the secrets of your family?" ”
村长在一块石头上坐下，神情有些疲倦，也有些无奈，“是。但我是经过深思熟虑的。我打算告诉你们这个秘密，不仅仅是因为我感激你们，还因为我觉得你们有掌握这个秘密的能力。”
王叶彻底来了兴趣：“您说说看。如果有好处，我和我哥不会独占。”
村长笑起来，但还是摆摆手：“如果真有好处，还是你们拿着吧，别分给我们了。我怕咱们村福薄，承受不起那样的宝物。”
The village chief laughed, but still waved his hand: "If it's really good, you should take it, don't give it to us." I'm afraid that our village will be blessed and can't afford such treasures. ”
王叶突然道：“是金矿吗？” Wang Ye said suddenly: "Is it a gold mine?" ”
村长愣住，沉默了一会儿，手指向黑乎乎的洞穴深处：“我祖父跟我父亲说，他在掉入地下溶洞群后，胡乱奔走时，遇到了一个金光闪闪的大洞穴，本来溶洞群中极为黑暗，但那个洞穴正中间有一块会发光的大石头，那大石头散发出来的光芒照亮了整个洞穴。”
The village chief was stunned, silent for a while, and pointed to the depths of the black cave: "My grandfather told my father that after he fell into the underground caves, when he was running around, he came across a large golden cave, which was extremely dark in the caves, but in the middle of the cave there was a large stone that would glow, and the light emitted by the big stone illuminated the whole cave. ”
“祖父用了很多词汇形容那个洞穴的金光和美丽，他很肯定那是一个几乎不用提炼就能出纯金的金矿。他还说他能活下来，是因为那块发光的大石头有一个凹陷，凹陷里面有透明的液体，他当时太渴了，就像被迷惑一般，喝了那液体。喝过后，一直到他逃出溶洞群，他都没有再感到饥渴。”
"Grandfather used many words to describe the gold and beauty of the cave, and he was sure that it was a gold mine that produced pure gold with little need to be refined. He also said that he survived because the big glowing stone had a depression in which there was a clear liquid, and that he was so thirsty that he drank the liquid as if he had been deluded. After drinking, he didn't feel hungry or thirsty until he escaped from the cave. ”
村长回忆道：“我祖父身体一直很好，他活到九十三岁才去世，去世前一直没有生过任何病，他跟我父亲说就是因为那液体的缘故。他还想让我父亲和我都去喝那个液体，但他后来去找过，却发现怎么都找不到那个地方了。他怕迷失在溶洞群中，不敢深入，去找了几次后就再也没有去过。”
"My grandfather was in good health, he lived until he was 93 years old, and he never had any illness before he died, and he told my father that it was because of the liquid," the village chief recalled. He also wanted my father and I to drink the liquid, but when he went to look for it, he couldn't find the place. He was afraid of getting lost in the caves, so he didn't dare to go deeper, and after looking for them a few times, he never went again. ”
村长脸上再次流露出疲倦的神色，这次还多了几丝迷茫：“我父亲告诉我，祖父没有找到那个金光闪闪的洞穴，却发现了一个十分古怪的洞穴。祖父就是发现那个洞穴，才再也不敢深入溶洞群探索，后来还把通道最狭窄处给堵住了。”
The village chief's face once again showed a tired look, this time a little more confused: "My father told me that my grandfather did not find the golden cave, but found a very strange cave. It was when my grandfather discovered the cave that he no longer dared to explore the caves, and later blocked the narrowest part of the passage. ”
王叶心有所感：“他发现了什么？” Wang Ye felt something: "What did he find?" ”
村长看向两人，幽暗的灯火让他的脸看起来有些诡异：“你们应该已经猜到了吧。”
The village chief looked at the two of them, and the dim light made his face look a little weird: "You should have guessed it." ”
王叶：“寄生虫卵。” Wang Ye: "Parasite eggs." ”
“应该就是。”村长满脸苦涩：“关于这段我祖父没有跟我父亲说太多，他也没有说出寄生虫这样的字眼，他只说囚犯岛的地下溶洞中有魔鬼还有魔鬼的蛋。他还说那些黄金就是魔鬼吸引养料的手段。他说他看到好几只巨大的蝾螈尸体，那些尸体中全都是魔鬼蛋。”
"It should be." The village chief's face was full of bitterness: "My grandfather didn't say much about this to my father, and he didn't say anything like parasites, he only said that there were devils and devil's eggs in the underground caves of Prisoner Island. He also said that the gold was the devil's means of attracting nourishment. He said he saw the carcasses of several huge salamanders, all of which were devil eggs. ”
村长抹抹脸，“我那时已经二十来岁，但还是被我父亲说的这个故事吓到，我当时真的以为囚犯岛下面有魔鬼。直到很久以后，村里遇到难事，我想到了父亲的故事，想到了那个溶洞中的金矿，就找到了这里，想要进入对面岛。但……”
The village chief wiped his face, "I was in my twenties at the time, but I was still frightened by the story my father told me, I really thought there was a devil under the prisoner island. It wasn't until much later, when the village was in trouble, that I thought of my father's story and the gold mine in the cave, and found this place and wanted to enter the opposite island. But ......"
村长老脸一红，但光线暗，谁也没注意：“我进来不久就害怕了，在遇到那截被堵上的通道后，我就回来了。之后我就没怎么再来过这里，直到你们出现，小叶子发现了寄生虫。”
The village elder's face was red, but the light was dim, and no one paid attention: "I was scared soon after I came in, and I came back after encountering the blocked passage." I haven't been here much since then, until you show up and Little Leaf has spotted the parasite. ”
村长叹息：“一开始我还没想到寄生虫和我祖父看到的魔鬼蛋有关，但后来小叶子说这些寄生虫很可能来自囚犯岛，我才联想到祖父的故事。”
The village chief sighed: "At first, I didn't think that the parasites were related to the devil eggs that my grandfather saw, but then Xiao Yezi said that these parasites were likely to come from Prisoner Island, and I remembered my grandfather's story." ”
【任务发布：海沟村村长说出他祖辈的故事，希望玩家隔壁小王能找到并代为查清囚犯岛地底溶洞群中那些魔鬼蛋是否与寄生虫有关。任务完成后，奖励一千点经验值。请问玩家隔壁小王是否接受这个任务？】
[Mission Release: The head of Trench Village tells the story of his ancestors, hoping that Xiao Wang next door to the player can find and find out whether the devil eggs in the underground caves of Prisoner Island are related to parasites.] Upon completion of the mission, 1,000 XP points will be awarded. Does the player next door accept this task? 】
【任务发布：海沟村村长希望隔壁小王仔细探索那些魔鬼蛋，并消灭它们，不要让这些魔鬼蛋损害到海沟岛岛民。根据任务完成度，奖励一千点到一万点经验值。】
[Mission Release: The head of Trench Village hopes that Xiao Wang next door will carefully explore those devil eggs and destroy them, so as not to let these devil eggs harm the islanders of Trench Island.] Depending on the completion of the mission, 1,000 to 10,000 XP points will be awarded. 】
竟然最高有一万点经验值？这几乎与副本奖励相当了。 Up to 10,000 XP? That's almost the same as the quest reward.
王叶觉得他现在虽然没有进入副本，但很可能已经开启了副本任务。
Wang Ye felt that although he hadn't entered the dungeon now, it was likely that he had already started the dungeon task.
同时这么高的奖励也说明了这个任务不好做，至少对于现在的他来说，不是那么好完成的。
At the same time, such a high reward also shows that this task is not easy to do, at least for him now, it is not so easy to complete.
但王叶决定还是接下这两个任务，反正他是一定要进入溶洞群的，这两个任务不接也是浪费。
But Wang Ye decided to take these two tasks, anyway, he must enter the cave group, and it would be a waste not to take these two tasks.
王叶看向雷木，问他：“如何，我们是走这条路，去探索一下那个溶洞群，还是坐船去囚犯岛，从正门进去？”
Wang Ye looked at Lei Mu and asked him, "How is it, should we take this road and explore the cave group, or take a boat to Prisoner Island and enter through the main gate?" ”
雷木只看小家伙的眼睛，就知道他想闯一闯这条地下通道。
Remu knew from just looking at the little guy's eyes that he wanted to break into this underground passage.
“村长你说往囚犯岛地下溶洞群的通道被你祖父堵住了？”雷木问。
"Village chief, you said that the passage to the underground caves of Prisoner Island was blocked by your grandfather?" Raimu asked.
村长点头：“是这样没错，我看到了，我可以带你们到那边。其实只要顺着这条路走下去就成，途中没有任何岔道。”
The village chief nodded: "That's right, I saw it, I can take you over there." In fact, as long as you follow this road, there are no forks in the road. ”
王叶和雷木都感觉到村长对这条通道的恐惧，王叶干脆说道：“村长，既然没有岔道，就不用您带路了，您先回去吧。别人问起来，你就说我们已经乘船离开。”
Wang Ye and Lei Mu both felt the village chief's fear of this passage, and Wang Ye simply said: "Village chief, since there is no fork in the road, there is no need for you to lead the way, you can go back first." When asked, you say we've left by boat. ”
村长说出了他的最大秘密，临到头又为两人担忧起来：“你们真的要走这条通道？那通道被堵上几十年了，谁也不知道通道打通后，后面有什么，如果有大量寄生虫等在那里……”
The village chief told his biggest secret, and at the end of the day, he became worried about the two of them: "Do you really want to take this passage?" The passage has been blocked for decades, and no one knows what will be behind it after the passage is opened, if there are a large number of parasites waiting there......"
“不会。”王叶十分肯定地说道：“寄生虫孵化需要大量能量，更需要寄生体，它们没有能力自己跑远。只看囚犯岛现在还算平静，就知道那些寄生虫还在积蓄力量蛰伏中。而且绝大多数的寄生虫都讨厌阴冷环境，只要有可能，它们就不会往潮湿又阴冷的水下通道钻。”
"No, it won't." Wang Ye said with great certainty: "Parasite hatching requires a lot of energy, and even more so parasites, and they don't have the ability to run far on their own. Just looking at the calm of Prisoner Island now, you can know that those parasites are still gathering strength and hibernating. And the vast majority of parasites hate cold and cold environments, and whenever possible, they do not burrow into wet and cold underwater passages. ”
村长只当王叶对寄生虫很了解，听后安心许多。 The village chief only thought that Wang Ye knew parasites very well, and he was much more relieved after hearing it.
“我告诉你们这通道和地下溶洞的事，其实也是我的私心，我不贪图那个金矿，我们岛发现的那个药泥洞就足够我们消化了。我担心的是我祖父口中的魔鬼蛋，可这条通道又太重要，告诉别人我又不放心……”
"I told you about this passage and the underground cave, in fact, it is also my selfishness, I don't covet that gold mine, the medicine mud cave found on our island is enough for us to digest. I'm worried about what my grandfather called the devil's egg, but this passage is too important for me to tell others......"
“村长爷爷，我们明白，您是觉得我们能应对这边的危险，才会把这个秘密告诉我们，同时也希望我们能好运地发现那个金矿。”王叶理解地道。
"Grandpa the village chief, we understand that you will tell us this secret because you think we can deal with the danger here, and at the same time hope that we will be lucky enough to discover that gold mine." Wang Ye understands authentically.
村长欣慰地笑。没错，他就是这个意思。 The village chief smiled with satisfaction. That's right, that's what he meant.
“你们要不要做一些准备？比如火把、食物之类。”村长关心地问。
"Do you want to do some preparations? For example, torches, food, etc. The village chief asked with concern.
雷木默默地掏出一支火把，用秘术点燃。 Thunderwood silently took out a torch and lit it with a secret technique.
王叶让村长不用担心，说他们都准备好了。 Wang Ye told the village chief not to worry, saying that they were all ready.
村长张大嘴，看看两人，但还是再三叮嘱两人要小心，这才提着那盏小灯离开。
The village chief opened his mouth wide to look at the two of them, but he repeatedly told them to be careful, and then left with the small lamp.
王叶和雷木相视一笑。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu looked at each other and smiled.
“真没想到还有这样的运气。”王叶感叹。 "I really didn't expect such luck." Wang Ye sighed.
“你认为这是运气？”雷木举着火把看向黑暗深处。 "You think it's luck?" Raimu held the torch and looked into the depths of darkness.
王叶原地蹦跶一下：“为什么不是运气？如果村长不告诉我们有这条通道，我们首先得划船渡过那条据说超级危险的海沟，等过了那条海沟，我们还得和那些看守周旋，最后还要想办法溜入那座岛中。可现在，我们可以直接从这条通道走入囚犯岛内部。”
Wang Ye jumped on the spot: "Why not luck?" If the village chief doesn't tell us that there is such a passage, we will first have to row across the ditch, which is said to be extremely dangerous, and then we will have to deal with the guards, and finally find a way to slip into the island. But now, we can walk directly into the interior of Prisoner Island through this passage. ”
“是走入地下溶洞群，迷失了就走不出来那种。”雷木提醒。
"It's the kind of underground karst caves that you can't get out of if you get lost." Reimber reminded.
王叶握住雷木的手，无比自信地说：“你觉得我们会走不出来吗？”
Wang Ye held Lei Mu's hand and said with great confidence, "Do you think we won't be able to get out?" ”
谁也不知道王叶此时的心情有多么喜悦！ No one knows how happy Wang Ye was at this time!
他要找的那个东西就在囚犯岛地下的溶洞群中，包括把聚水珠变成灵水珠的千年以上钟乳液，他很确定，那里也有，村长爷爷的祖父曾经饮用的那个透明液体九成就是。
The thing he was looking for was in the cave group under the prisoner island, including the thousand-year-old stalactite that turned the water beads into spiritual water beads, and he was sure that there was also there, the clear liquid that the village chief's grandfather's grandfather used to drink.
这还是他上辈子打副本时确定的地点。 This is still the location he determined when he played the copy in his previous life.
原本他还想着要如何混入囚犯岛，再如何找到那条进入地下溶洞群的通道，可现在有了村长指出的这条地下通道，他就不用那么费事了。
Originally, he was still thinking about how to infiltrate the prisoner island and how to find the passage into the underground cave group, but now that he had the underground passage pointed out by the village chief, he didn't have to bother so much.
这算不算无心插柳柳成荫？ Is this an unintentional planting of willows?
谁能想到村长爷爷能掌握这么一个秘密，还把这个秘密告诉了他？
Who would have thought that the village chief's grandfather could master such a secret and tell him the secret?
至于迷路？ As for getting lost?
不怕，他还记得地下溶洞群的部分地图，有些地方就算记得不太清楚，也能记得某些特殊地点。
Don't be afraid, he still remembers some maps of the underground cave complex, and some places can remember some special places even if he doesn't remember them clearly.
只要能让他找到其中一个，他就能按图索骥，找到目标物。
As long as he can find one of them, he can follow the map and find the target.
王叶实在太高兴，又蹦跶了两下。 Wang Ye was so happy that he jumped twice.
雷木侧目：这小家伙怎么这么兴奋？就这么喜欢探险？还是……喜欢有可能得到的金矿？
Thunderwood sideways: Why is this little guy so excited? Just love adventure? Still is...... Love a gold mine that you can get your hands on?
海沟岛上，岩药师回来没见到王叶和雷木，询问两人去向。
On Trench Island, the rock medicine master came back and didn't see Wang Ye and Lei Mu, and asked where the two were.
村长就说两人已经离开海沟岛，去办自己的事了，归期不定，但一定还会回来。
The village chief said that the two had left Trench Island to do their own business, and the return date was uncertain, but they would definitely return.
岩药师虽然可惜没能和王叶告别，但他们这些人早习惯了聚离，对他们来说只要将来还有见面的机会那就好。
Although it was a pity that the Rock Medicine Master couldn't say goodbye to Wang Ye, they had long been accustomed to getting together, and it would be good for them as long as there was still a chance to meet in the future.
同一时间，王叶和雷木已经打通当年被村长祖父堵住的最狭窄处，看到了那条被水淹没的狭窄通道。
At the same time, Wang Ye and Lei Mu had already opened the narrowest place that was blocked by the village chief's grandfather back then, and saw the narrow passage that was flooded.
王叶用手摸了摸岩壁，脸上露出奇怪神情。 Wang Ye touched the rock wall with his hand, and a strange expression appeared on his face.
“怎么？” "How?"
“木木，你相信吗，我们现在走的并不是什么海水下的地下通道，而是走在……一根巨大的骨头中。”
"Mumu, can you believe it, we are not walking through some underground passage under the sea, but walking in the ...... A huge bone. ”
雷木吃惊，“骨头？” Remu was surprised, "Bones? ”
“对。”王叶为了保证正确，还施展了鉴定术。 "Yes." In order to ensure the correctness, Wang Ye also performed the identification technique.
鉴定术告诉他，他们现在走的这条通道，实际就是一只远古海中巨兽的一根遗骨。
The forensic technique told him that the passage they were walking on was actually the bones of a giant beast in the ancient sea.
雷木不可置信：“海沟岛和囚犯岛之间的距离，最近的也有一百多米吧？那岂不是说这根骨头就有一百二三十米长？”
Lei Mu was incredulous: "The distance between Trench Island and Prisoner Island is more than a hundred meters closer, right?" Doesn't that mean that this bone is one hundred and twenty or thirty meters long? ”
王叶：“这在远古也不是不可能，而且海沟岛和囚犯岛之间本来就有一条深不可测的海沟，这海沟中会有什么巨大生物都不奇怪。不过这骨头这么长、这么粗，却是中空，这就表示这远古巨兽生前体型也许巨大，但并不是深海生物。”
Wang Ye: "This is not impossible in ancient times, and there is an unfathomable trench between Trench Island and Prisoner Island, so it is not surprising that there will be any huge creatures in this trench. However, the fact that the bones were so long and thick was hollow meant that the ancient beast may have been huge in size, but it was not a deep-sea creature. ”
雷木对海洋也不敢说了解：“听说海人族的王者的坐骑就是一头海洋巨兽，浮出水面就跟一座岛屿一样。”
Lei Mu didn't dare to say anything about the ocean: "I heard that the mount of the king of the sea people is a sea beast, and it is like an island when it comes to the surface. ”
“说不定和这遗骨的主人是同类或者近亲。” "Maybe it's the same kind or close relative to the owner of this bone."
“你不觉得古怪吗，一根巨骨恰好贯穿两座岛屿之间的海峡，形成了一条自然通道。”
"Don't you think it's strange that a giant bone runs through the strait between the two islands, forming a natural passageway."
“是很古怪，所以我们才更要查探一番。” "It's weird, that's why we need to investigate."
两人走在巨骨通道中，跟游玩一样说说笑笑，并对这条巨骨通道的形成做出了各种推测。
The two walked in the giant bone passage, talking and laughing as if they were playing, and made various speculations about the formation of this giant bone passage.
一路上，除了黑暗和不太好走，并没有遇到什么危险。 Along the way, except for the darkness and the difficulty of walking, there were no dangers.
没到膝盖的水道中有生物，但不多，而且杀伤力不强。 There are creatures in the knee-length waterways, but there are not many of them, and they are not very lethal.
“我们现在应该已经通过了海沟岛和囚犯岛之间的海沟。”王叶抚摸前面的岩壁，判断出岩壁质地。
"We should have passed the trench between Trench Island and Prisoner Island by now." Wang Ye stroked the rock wall in front of him and judged the texture of the rock wall.
话音刚落，王叶就连续收到了三条系统通知。 As soon as the words fell, Wang Ye received three system notifications in a row.
第62章 探索溶洞群 Chapter 62: Exploring the Cave Complex
【警告！初级新手玩家隔壁小王刚刚离开新手村范围，即将进入危险区域，请问玩家是否继续前行？请注意，前方区域和任务，非玩家现在等级可以承担，死亡可能性极大，如玩家坚持前行，获得高额经验值的同时也会有任务失败惩罚。】
【Warning! The junior novice player next door Xiao Wang has just left the range of the novice village and is about to enter the danger zone, will the player continue to move forward? Please note that the area and mission ahead, non-players can now take on the level, and the possibility of death is very high, if the player persists in moving forward, there will be a mission failure penalty while gaining high experience points. 】
【警告！玩家隔壁小王主动进入危险区域囚犯岛地下溶洞群，囚犯岛地下探索任务链就此展开。】
【Warning! Xiao Wang next door to the player takes the initiative to enter the underground cave group of Prisoner Island in the dangerous area, and the underground exploration task chain of Prisoner Island begins. 】
【警告！本任务链为触发型，必须完成80%以上，才能离开本任务链区域，否则会被困死在本任务链区域。请新手玩家隔壁小王慎重考虑，现在退出还来得及。】
【Warning! This quest chain is triggered, and you must complete more than 80% of the quest before you can leave the quest chain area, otherwise you will be trapped in this quest chain area. Please consider carefully for the novice player Xiao Wang next door, it is still too late to quit. 】
王叶没做丝毫停顿地往前迈出一步，用行动做出回答。 Wang Ye took a step forward without pausing and answered with action.
不是他不怕死，而是他有规避危险的办法。 It's not that he's not afraid of death, it's that he has a way to avoid danger.
如果是真副本，那确实很危险，他绝不会在这时候进入，还带着雷木一起。
If it was a real copy, it was indeed dangerous, and he would never enter at this time, and he took Thunderwood with him.
但这时的囚犯岛，底下的溶洞群虽然藏匿着很多危险，但都属于隐而不发那种。没听任务链都是触发型吗？这就表示不触发、不主动去招惹就没问题。
However, at this time, although there are many dangers hidden in the cave group under the prisoner island, they are all hidden and do not appear. Didn't you hear that task chains are all triggered? This means that if you don't trigger it, it's okay if you don't take the initiative to provoke it.
这都是上辈子血的经验，他可是刷过了囚犯岛普通和困难两个副本的人。其中困难副本就涉及到了地底溶洞群，他当时为了过关，做了多少攻略。
This is all the experience of blood in the previous life, and he is the one who has brushed the two copies of Prisoner Island, ordinary and difficult. Among them, the difficult dungeon involved the underground cave group, and how many strategies he did in order to pass the level.
游戏系统只会警告，却不会阻止玩家自己找死，见王叶给出答复，立刻就甩出了两个新任务。
The game system will only warn, but it will not prevent the player from looking for death by himself, and when he saw Wang Ye's reply, he immediately threw out two new tasks.
【任务链任务发布：玩家在游历和探险途中，发现远古巨兽的遗骨通道。哪怕已经死去很久，远古巨兽的灵魂仍旧在发出哀鸣，请玩家隔壁小王调查远古巨兽的死因，让其灵魂安息。时间无限制，任务完成后，根据任务完成度，奖励一千点到八千点经验值，任务失败，玩家等级降一级。】
[Quest Chain Quest Release: Players discover the bone passage of an ancient behemoth during their travels and explorations. Even if it has been dead for a long time, the soul of the ancient giant beast is still wailing, and the player is asked to investigate the cause of the death of the ancient giant beast next door and let its soul rest in peace. There is no time limit, after the task is completed, according to the completion of the task, 1,000 to 8,000 experience points will be rewarded, and if the task fails, the player's level will be reduced by one level. 】
【任务链任务发布：玩家隔壁小王在游历和探险途中发现了囚犯岛地下溶洞群，请隔壁小王探索整个地下溶洞群。任务完成，根据任务完成度，奖励一百点到五千点经验值。任务失败，玩家等级降一级。】
[Quest Chain Quest Release: The player's next door Xiao Wang discovered the underground cave group of Prisoner Island during his travel and exploration, please ask Xiao Wang next door to explore the entire underground cave group. Task completion, depending on the completion of the task, rewards 100 to 5,000 experience points. If the mission fails, the player's level will be downgraded by one level. 】
到此，王叶已经接下六个与囚犯岛有关的任务。 So far, Wang Ye has taken over six tasks related to Prisoner Island.
还有两个与精灵石卵有关的，他暂时没接。 There are also two related to elf stone eggs, which he has not picked up for the time being.
另外一个教导六小认字的任务，目前还是未完成状态。 Another task to teach the six elementary literacy is still unfinished.
雷木一把抓住王叶的胳膊，“有风。” Lei Mu grabbed Wang Ye's arm, "It's windy." ”
王叶细细感受，果然感到一丝凉风从前方吹过来。 Wang Ye felt it carefully, and sure enough, he felt a cool breeze blowing from the front.
“前面看来有岔路，往风口走，也许能走出去。我们往下走。”王叶还是打算先去地下溶洞走一遭。
"It seems that there is a fork in the road ahead, go to the tuyere, maybe you can get out. Let's go down. Wang Ye still plans to go to the underground cave first.
雷木突然伸手捂住王叶的嘴，连火把都弄熄了。 Lei Mu suddenly reached out to cover Wang Ye's mouth, and even the torch was extinguished.
王叶停住脚步。 Wang Ye stopped.
两人静静地站了好一会儿。 The two stood in silence for a long time.
远处传来模糊的声音，像是有人在说话，过了好一会儿声音才消失。
There was a faint sound in the distance, as if someone was talking, and it took a while for the sound to fade away.
雷木抓起王叶的手，用手指在他掌心画了一个往前的箭头。
Lei Mu grabbed Wang Ye's hand and drew an arrow forward in his palm with his fingers.
王叶挠了挠他的手掌心，表示知道。 Wang Ye scratched the palm of his hand, indicating that he knew.
雷木握住调皮的小爪子，牵着小家伙的手一步步往前走，脚步放得极轻。
Lei Mu held the naughty little paws, took the little guy's hand and walked forward step by step, his steps were extremely light.
没有了火把，但雷木的眼睛微微发光，把周围看得一清二楚。
There were no torches, but Lei Mu's eyes glowed slightly, and he could see the surroundings clearly.
走了大约一分钟，两人面前出现了一条岔道。 After walking for about a minute, a fork in the road appeared in front of the two.
其实这根本不能算岔道，因为凉风是从一个狭窄的椭圆形缝隙里传来，包括刚才模糊的说话声也一样。这条缝隙距离地面还很有一段距离，但因为正好形成筒状，竟有了传声效果。
In fact, this is not a fork in the road at all, because the cool breeze comes from a narrow oval gap, including the faint voice just now. This gap is still some distance from the ground, but because it forms a cylinder, it has a sound transmission effect.
雷木靠近那缝隙，侧耳细听，又运足目力往里看去。 Lei Mu approached the gap, listened carefully, and looked in with all his eyes.
“这个囚犯岛是怎么回事？怎么跟我们上次来感觉不大一样了？”一道清晰的声音突然传入两人耳中。
"What's going on with this Prisoner Island? Why didn't it feel the same as the last time we came? A clear voice suddenly reached the ears of the two of them.
雷木迅速往后退了一步，不再紧贴着那道筒型缝隙。 Raimu quickly took a step back, no longer clinging to the tubular gap.
对话声更加清晰，另一个男子嗓音说道：“是有点不对劲。可惜上次跟他们监狱长打交道的是黎威头领，如今黎威头领重伤不治，也没跟我们交代要如何和那个监狱长打交道，我们只能自己一点点摸索着来了。”
The conversation became clearer, and another man's voice said, "Something is wrong." It's a pity that the last time we dealt with their prison director was the leader of Li Wei, and now the leader of Li Wei is seriously injured and has not explained to us how to deal with the prison director, so we can only figure it out little by little. ”
“都是那对兄弟坏事！” "It's all bad things about those brothers!"
“管事大人，您不用太生气，我们已经把消息传回去，上面会把两人的身份底细调查出来，如果查明他们就是普通人……哼！”
"Lord Steward, don't be too angry, we have sent the news back, and the identities of the two will be investigated in detail, if it is found out that they are ordinary people...... Hum! ”
“只怕那两人不会是普通人，尤其是那个小的。他拥有真实之眼，还掌握了一手针灸秘术，更能把别人不能治的碎骨之伤治好，他才多大？他背后必然有一个极为厉害的师父，或者干脆就是一个大家族。”
"I'm afraid that those two people won't be ordinary people, especially the little one. He has a true eye, and he has mastered the secret technique of acupuncture, and he can heal the wounds of broken bones that others can't treat, how old is he? There must be an extremely powerful master behind him, or simply a big family. ”
“大家族的人会把这么小的天才放出来？一般这种宝贝不都藏在家里，不到成年不会亮相吗？”
"The people of the big family would let such a small genius out? Isn't this kind of treasure usually hidden at home, and it won't appear until adulthood? ”
“也许是锻炼的一部分，没看他身边还跟着一个兼修武技的异术师吗？”
"Maybe it's part of the training, didn't you see that he was accompanied by a magician who also practiced martial arts?"
“那我们黎家也不用怕他们。” "Then our Li family doesn't have to be afraid of them."
王叶对雷木扮鬼脸。谁能想到黎家竟然躲到囚犯岛来了，怪不得海草岛找不到他们身影。
Wang Ye grimaced at Lei Mu. Who would have thought that the Li family would hide on Prisoner Island, no wonder they couldn't be found on Seagrass Island.
雷木也没想到，他们竟然能在囚犯岛碰到黎家人。 Lei Mu didn't expect that they would be able to meet the Li family on Prisoner Island.
对话声暂停，也许是那管事在思考什么。 The conversation paused, perhaps because the steward was thinking about something.
过了好一会儿，那管事才开口道：“我们不能这样等下去，让洪老出面跟他们谈。他们要地盘、要人，我们只要技术，那位王后则只要钱，大家互不干涉，完全可以互利互助。”
After a long while, the steward spoke: "We can't wait like this, let Elder Hong come forward to talk to them." They want land and people, we only need technology, and the queen only needs money, and everyone does not interfere with each other, and they can benefit each other. ”
“管事大人，您别忘了还要采购那东西。” "Lord Steward, don't forget to purchase that thing."
“我知道。但他们报出的新价格太高了，这明显是坐地涨价。我们不能被他们牵着鼻子走，先从合作的事谈起，有合作再谈其他买卖。得让对方以为我们不稀罕他们那东西。”
"I know. But the new price they quoted was too high, which was obviously a price increase. We can't be led by the nose by them, start with cooperation, and then talk about other deals. Gotta make the other party think we're not unfamiliar with their stuff. ”
王叶脑中闪过什么。 Something flashed through Wang Ye's mind.
那边也不再说话，似乎已经离开屋子。 They stopped talking and seemed to have left the house.
雷木拉着王叶离开那道缝隙，往前走了一小段才重新点亮火把。
Lei Mu pulled Wang Ye out of the gap and walked forward for a short time before lighting the torch again.
两人依旧保持静谧，就这么沉默地往前走。 The two remained quiet, and walked forward in silence.
地势越来越往下，也越来越潮湿。 The terrain is getting further down, and it is getting wetter and wetter.
“我想起来了。”王叶突兀地道。 "I remember." Wang Ye said abruptly.
雷木：“想起什么？” Remu: "What comes to mind?" ”
明明左右无人，王叶还是踮起脚尖小声说：“你还记得我有一个关于海草岛的秘密，憋着很难受，很想说出来吗？”
Obviously there was no one left and right, Wang Ye still stood on tiptoe and whispered: "Do you remember that I have a secret about Seagrass Island, and I feel very uncomfortable holding it back, and I really want to tell it?" ”
雷木笑：“嗯，什么秘密？” Lei Mu smiled: "Well, what secret? ”
王叶得意道：“这个秘密就是海草岛人发家致富，还能吸引来这么多商人和游客的原因。你看海草岛人建造的房屋是不是很漂亮、很坚固？”
Wang Ye said proudly: "This secret is the reason why the people of Seagrass Island have made a fortune and can attract so many businessmen and tourists. Do you think the houses built by the people of Seagrass Island are very beautiful and sturdy? ”
“嗯。” "Hmm."
“因为这座岛上的某些人掌握了一个价廉物美的黏合剂配方。那配方的主材料不止能做黏合剂，只要是需要安全凝胶的物品，都能用到它。药物、食物、美容品、油漆、甚至是魔法材料，都能用得上这种材料。想想看每年凝胶在整个世界的消耗量，你就知道这里面蕴含了多大的财富。”
"Because some people on this island have a recipe for a good binder at a good price. The main ingredient of the formula can be used not only as a binder, but also as long as it is an item that requires a safety gel. Medicine, food, cosmetics, paint, and even magical materials can all be used. If you think about the amount of gel consumed in the world every year, you can see how much wealth is contained in it. ”
雷木略心惊，他原先很看不上凝胶这类小玩意，但被王叶这么一提醒，他才发现这东西看着不起眼，但用量极大，如果真能掌握原料，也是一桩能让一个大家族延续千年甚至更久的大买卖。
Lei Mu was slightly frightened, he originally looked down on gadgets like gel, but when Wang Ye reminded him like this, he found that this thing looked inconspicuous, but the amount was huge, if he could really master the raw materials, it would also be a big deal that could make a big family last for a thousand years or even longer.
“你知道那种凝胶的原材料？”也只有这个能称得上海草岛的秘密了。
"Do you know the raw materials of that gel?" This is the only one that can be called the secret of Haicao Island.
王叶点头：“就是一种海草。当地人叫红鹿角草，也叫红鹿角菜，海里很多很多。”
Wang Ye nodded: "It's just a kind of seaweed." The locals call it red antlergrass, also called red antlers, and there are many of them in the sea. ”
雷木不解：“如果海里很多，其他人会没有发现这种海草能做凝胶？”
Lei Mu was puzzled: "If there is a lot of it in the sea, will other people not find out that this seagrass can make gel?" ”
王叶神秘一笑：“我说的海草岛致富秘密可不是红鹿角菜，而是配方。海草岛个别人掌握了一种最佳利用这种红鹿角菜制作凝胶的配方，而这个配方只要经过些微调整，就能让能粘黏墙壁极为牢靠的凝胶，转变为能食用也能做药物的无毒凝胶。”
Wang Ye smiled mysteriously: "The secret of getting rich on Seagrass Island is not the red antler vegetable, but the recipe. A few people on Seagrass Island have mastered a recipe for making the best gel out of this red staghorn vessel, and with a few minor tweaks, this recipe can turn a gel that sticks to walls extremely firmly into a non-toxic gel that can be eaten and used as medicine. ”
王叶接着道：“而这个配方最出色的地方就在于只用简单几种常见物就能保住原材料的能量，还能增加能量通导性和留存性。不需要异术师，也不需要魔法师，只是普通人就能调配。你说这个配方重不重要？让不让人眼红？”
Wang Ye continued: "The best thing about this formula is that it can retain the energy of raw materials with only a few simple common substances, and can also increase energy conductivity and retention. You don't need a magician, you don't need a magician, you just can mix it with ordinary people. Do you think the weight of this recipe is important? Don't make people blush? ”
可王叶却随口把这个配方说了出来。 But Wang Ye casually said this recipe.
雷木超级无奈，“你不应该把这些告诉我，作为小孩子，你知道太多了，你就不怕我利用你？”
Lei Mu was super helpless, "You shouldn't tell me this, as a child, you know too much, aren't you afraid that I will use you?" ”
王叶蹭了蹭雷木的手臂，笑眯眯地道：“爸爸愿意给你利用。”
Wang Ye rubbed Lei Mu's arm and said with a smile: "Dad is willing to use it for you." ”
雷木：“……”明智地转换了话题：“你说想起来就是想起这件事？”
Raimu: "......" wisely changed the subject: "You said that when you think about it, you think about it?" ”
“当然不是。不过和这个配方有很大关系。”王叶直接道：“库曼商会和黎家人在打那个配方的主意。”
"Of course not. But it has a lot to do with this recipe. Wang Ye said directly: "The Cuman Chamber of Commerce and the Li family are playing with the idea of that recipe. ”
不等雷木询问，王叶又加了一句：“我听我师父偶尔提起过这两家的关系，但我前面忘了。”
Without waiting for Lei Mu to ask, Wang Ye added: "I heard my master occasionally mention the relationship between these two families, but I forgot it earlier. ”
雷木没有深究，只是顺着问道：“他们两家是什么关系？”
Lei Mu didn't dig deeper, but just asked, "What is the relationship between the two of them?" ”
王叶摆出一副要长话长说的架势，道：“说这两家关系之前，得先说说海草岛岛主和角戈群岛国国主的关系。”
Wang Ye put on a posture of wanting to talk a long story, and said: "Before talking about the relationship between these two families, we have to talk about the relationship between the owner of Seagrass Island and the lord of the Jiaogo Islands. ”
然后王叶就跟雷木说了一堆角戈群岛的王室秘闻。 Then Wang Ye told Lei Mu a bunch of royal secrets about the Jiaogo Islands.
“岛主富秀山那一支的富家曾出过王后，他们的财力支持了角戈群岛上上代国王上位。但上代国王不是那位王后的孩子，那位王后很明智，用手中权力和一支兵马交换让她的族人离开角戈群岛的机会。等她的族人一走，那位王后就自杀了，还美其名曰殉情。”
"The rich family of the owner of Fuxiu Mountain once had a queen, and their financial resources supported the previous king of the Jiaogo Islands to ascend to the throne. But the previous king was not the child of the queen, who wisely traded her power and a troop of horses for the opportunity to leave the islands. As soon as her people were gone, the queen committed suicide, and she was martyred. ”
“角戈群岛上代国王因为王太后的主动让路和让权，虽然对王太后那一支的族人仍旧比较警惕，但也不会主动打杀，就任由他们在海草岛落脚并发展至今。”
"Because of the Queen Mother's initiative to give way and give up power, although the previous king of the Jiaogo Islands was still more wary of the Queen Mother's clansmen, he would not take the initiative to kill, so he let them settle on Seagrass Island and develop to this day."
王叶一顿：“库曼商会那个管事罗威尔，就是现在的角戈群岛王后的弟弟。”
Wang Ye paused: "The steward of the Cuman Chamber of Commerce, Luo Wei, is the younger brother of the current queen of the Jiaogo Islands. ”
王叶前晚感觉自己疏忽了什么，就是他看因果卷时看到了罗威尔的姓氏和来历，当时他一时没反应过来，他和角戈群岛王室没怎么接触，自然不会特意去记他们王后的姓氏和名字。
Wang Ye felt that he had neglected something the night before, that is, he saw Rowell's surname and origin when he looked at the cause and effect scroll, and he didn't react for a while, he didn't have much contact with the royal family of the Jiaogo Islands, so naturally he wouldn't go out of his way to remember their queen's surname and first name.
直到黎家管事刚刚提到了王后两字，他终于想起了那位王后可能是哪位王后，也因此弄明白了黎家为什么会和库曼商会的人混到一起打劫他们。
It wasn't until the steward of the Li family had just mentioned the word queen that he finally remembered which queen that queen might be, and thus figured out why the Li family would mix up with the people of the Cuman Chamber of Commerce to rob them.
黎家的当代主母就是那位王后的小姨，也是库曼商会管事罗威尔的小姨。
The contemporary housewife of the Li family is the queen's aunt and the aunt of Rowell, the steward of the Cuman Chamber of Commerce.
上辈子他找黎家麻烦时，黎家主母就联络了她的那位王后外甥女，借来了高手对付他，最后围杀他师父和木头的人当中就有那个王后派出的人。
In his previous life, when he was troubled by the Li family, the mother of the Li family contacted her niece of the queen and borrowed a master to deal with him, and finally among the people who besieged his master and wood was the person sent by the queen.
王叶心中陡然升起强烈杀意，又被他硬生生按下。 A strong killing intent suddenly rose in Wang Ye's heart, and he was forced to press it again.
雷木震惊小孩身上刚刚冒出的强烈杀意，但他忍住什么都没问。
Reimu was shocked by the strong killing intent that had just emerged from the child's body, but he couldn't help but ask nothing.
王叶下意识抓住雷木的手指，一边把玩，一边把他串联起来的线索一股脑儿说了：“库曼商会管事罗威尔是角戈群岛国现王后的亲弟弟，我想不管是国主还是王后，他们都很想得到海草岛发家致富的秘方。但因为那位王太后的自杀，他们作为孙子辈又不好随便对富家人动手，只能暗着来。”
Wang Ye subconsciously grabbed Lei Mu's fingers, and while playing with them, he said with the clues that connected him: "Luo Wei, the steward of the Cuman Chamber of Commerce, is the younger brother of the current queen of the Jiaogo Islands, I think whether it is the lord or the queen, they all want to get the secret recipe for making a fortune on Seagrass Island. But because of the suicide of the queen mother, it's not good for them as grandchildren to do anything to the rich family, so they can only come secretly. ”
“罗威尔就是那对夫妻对付海草岛的手中刀，偏偏黎家也看中了海草岛秘方的潜力，想要弄到手里，正好黎家的主母是那位王后的小姨，两方很可能在经过一番试探后，决定联手。”
"Luo Wei is the knife in the hands of the couple to deal with Seagrass Island, but the Li family also took a fancy to the potential of the secret recipe of Seagrass Island, and wanted to get it in their hands, it just so happened that the mother of the Li family was the queen's aunt, and the two parties were likely to decide to join forces after some temptation."
“罗威尔在暗中，黎家主导行动，但他们应该会把海盗甚至是逃犯等人推在最前面。这样，等秘方到手后，所有人都会以为是海盗把秘方卖掉，而不会想到是角戈群岛的国主夫妇为了秘方主动谋害自己的国民，而黎家人也可以多一个赚钱的营生，还把自己甩的干干净净。”
"Lowell is in the dark, and the Li family is in charge of the operation, but they should push pirates and even fugitives and others to the forefront. In this way, when the secret recipe is in hand, everyone will think that it is the pirate who sold the secret recipe, and will not think that it is the lord and wife of the Jiaogo Islands who took the initiative to kill their own people for the secret recipe, and the Li family can also have one more way to make a living, and they will also dump themselves cleanly. ”
雷木听明白了，总结道：“囚犯岛想要地盘和人口，角戈群岛的王后想要钱，黎家想要秘方。而黎家很可能已经和角戈群岛的国主和王后商量好，拿到秘方后，会分出一部分利益给他们。”
Lei Mu understood and concluded: "Prisoner Island wants territory and population, the queen of the Jiaogo Islands wants money, and the Li family wants the secret recipe. And the Li family is likely to have discussed with the lord and queen of the Jiaogo Islands, and after getting the secret recipe, they will share some of the benefits with them. ”
王叶用力一挥手：“就是这样。” Wang Ye waved his hand vigorously: "That's it." ”
雷木：“海草岛知道他们已经被这么多人盯上了吗？” Thunderwood: "Does Seagrass Island know they've been targeted by so many people?" ”
王叶推测：“他们对秘方看得很严。应该是知道有人眼馋这个秘方，但应该没有想到会有这么多人联合起来打他们的主意。”
Wang Ye speculated: "They are very strict about the secret recipe. I should know that some people are greedy for this secret recipe, but I should not have expected that so many people would join forces to fight their idea. ”
雷木冷不丁问道：“你怎么知道配方详细？” Lei Mu asked coldly, "How do you know that the recipe is detailed?" ”
王叶眨了眨眼睛，吹了个大的：“任何成品药只要经过我师父的手，其配方和详细配比都瞒不住他。”
Wang Ye blinked his eyes and blew a big one: "As long as any finished medicine passes through my master's hands, its formula and detailed proportions can't hide it from him." ”
雷木相信了，把王叶师父的身份又拔高了一个层次。 Lei Mu believed it, and raised the identity of Master Wang Ye to another level.
“等我们这边完事后，去跟海草岛岛主打个招呼吧。”雷木觉得这事没碰上也就罢，既然碰上那就通知一声呗。何况库曼商会和黎家派人打劫他们，他怎么可能让这些人阴谋得逞？
"When we're done here, let's go say hello to the owner of Seagrass Island." Lei Mu thinks that it is okay if this thing has not been encountered, since it has been encountered, then notify it. What's more, the Cuman Chamber of Commerce and the Li family sent people to rob them, how could he let these people succeed in their conspiracy?
“好啊。不过打招呼也没用，海草岛实力太低，就不说角戈群岛的国王和王后了，就单是一个黎家或单一个库曼商会，就能让海草岛吃不了兜着走。更何况，这还是四方联合。”上辈子海草岛败落简直就是必然。
"Okay. However, it is useless to say hello, the strength of Seagrass Island is too low, not to mention the king and queen of the Jiaogo Islands, just a Li family or a single Cuman Chamber of Commerce can make Seagrass Island unable to eat and walk around. What's more, this is still a quadripartite alliance. "In the last life, the fall of Seagrass Island was simply inevitable.
雷木：“我们只负责通知，我们不欠海草岛。海草岛要如何守护自己的配方和财富，那是他们的事情。需要人手，他们可以雇佣。钱不够，就找人投靠。”
Raim: "We're only responsible for notification, and we don't owe Seagrass Island. How Seagrass Island will protect its recipe and wealth is their business. People are needed, and they can be hired. If you don't have enough money, you will find someone to take refuge. ”
“就怕他们舍不得。木木，等等。”王叶反过来拉住雷木，不让他走左边那条道。
"I'm afraid they won't be reluctant. Mumu, etc. Wang Ye in turn grabbed Lei Mu and didn't let him go the road on the left.
现在两人碰到了一条真正的丫型岔道。 Now the two have come across a real fork in the road.
王叶越过雷木，仔细打量这两道岔道，岔道上有人留下的痕迹，大概是村长的祖父。
Wang Ye crossed Lei Mu and carefully looked at the two forks, and the traces left by someone on the forks were probably the grandfather of the village chief.
但这个痕迹大约只有那人自己能看懂，对于王叶两人来说没有任何参考意义。
But this trace can only be understood by the person himself, and it has no reference significance for Wang Ye and the others.
王叶伸出手指，在两边岔道的墙壁上分别摩擦了一会儿，很快确定道：“不要走左边，走右边这条。”
Wang Ye stretched out his finger and rubbed them on the walls of the forks on both sides for a while, and quickly confirmed: "Don't go to the left, take the right one." ”
“为什么？”雷木感觉左边的空气更清醒。 "Why?" Raimu felt the air on his left more awake.
王叶耐心解释：“因为右边这条道路的岩壁上有更多须毛青苔，左边几乎看不到。须毛青苔是一种近乎隐形的青苔，必须用手指去摸，你摸这边墙壁是不是滑溜溜的，还有点毛茸茸？”
Wang Ye patiently explained: "Because there is more whisker moss on the rock wall of the road on the right, it is almost impossible to see on the left. Whisker moss is a kind of almost invisible moss that must be touched with your fingers, is it slippery and a little fluffy when you touch the wall here? ”
雷木一摸，果然如此。 Lei Mu touched it, and sure enough.
王叶碍着系统在，只能含糊道：“有一些寄生虫就特别喜欢这种须毛青苔，而且寄生虫在没有寄生前，它们也需要能量成长，而须毛青苔有个优点，就是能吸收能量囤积，所以我判断有须毛青苔的通道，更容易发现寄生虫。”
Wang Ye was hindered by the system, so he could only say vaguely: "There are some parasites that especially like this kind of bearded hairy moss, and before parasites are not parasitized, they also need energy to grow, and bearded hairy moss has an advantage, that is, it can absorb energy and hoard, so I judge that there is a channel for bearded hairy moss, and it is easier to find parasites." ”
雷木施展眼术，发现右边通道的墙壁上果然有一层薄薄的微光，这就是那些须毛青苔散发出来的能量光芒。
Raymu used his eye skills to find that there was indeed a thin layer of shimmer on the wall of the passage on the right, which was the energy light emitted by those hairy mosses.
一听前面很可能有寄生虫出现，雷木立刻再次把王叶拨到自己身后，打着火把先一步进入右边岔道。进去之前，他还在洞口刻下了一道只有他自己能看懂的印记，并让王叶记下。
As soon as he heard that there was likely to be a parasite in front of him, Lei Mu immediately pushed Wang Ye behind him again, and took the first step into the right fork with a torch. Before entering, he also carved a mark at the entrance of the cave that only he could understand, and asked Wang Ye to write it down.
走了将近一个小时，两人什么都没发现，也没遇到任何危险，除了路不太好走，需要爬上钻下以外。
After walking for nearly an hour, the two of them found nothing and did not encounter any danger, except that the road was not easy to walk and they needed to climb up and down.
路上遇到不少岔道，全都是王叶在选路，他说走哪一条，雷木就走哪一条，半点不问缘由。
There were many forks in the road on the road, all of which were Wang Ye choosing the road, and he said that whichever one to take, Lei Mu would take whichever one, without asking the reason.
这也让王叶感到非常轻松，有些地方他真的是凭上辈子留下的印象进行选择，完全没有任何可以说服人的理由。
This also made Wang Ye feel very relaxed, there were some places where he really chose based on the impressions left in his previous life, and there was no convincing reason at all.
雷木一路都在施展眼术，他看到了至少不下三个比较刺眼的能量光芒。
Lei Mu had been performing his eye skills all the way, and he had seen at least three more dazzling rays of energy.
但那三个能量团都是活物，有那样刺眼的光芒，就表示它们极为强大。
But those three energy clusters are all living creatures, and if they have such a dazzling light, it means that they are extremely powerful.
可雷木还没来得及提醒小叶子，就发现小家伙竟然把那三个未知强大活物的洞穴全都避开了，半点都没有靠近的意思。
But before Lei Mu could remind Xiao Yezi, he found that the little guy had avoided all the caves of the three unknown and powerful creatures, and he had no intention of approaching at all.
同样心知肚明那些洞穴都藏着什么的王叶：那可都是至少四十五级以上才能对付的怪物，我傻了现在跑去送人头？
Wang Ye, who also knows what is hidden in those caves: Those are all monsters that can only be dealt with at least level forty-five or above, and I am stupid to run to send people to the head now?
两人一路绕啊绕，饶是雷木的记忆力，都有些记不清楚了，只知道他们一直在往地下走。
The two of them went around and around all the way, Rao is Lei Mu's memory, and they couldn't remember it clearly, but they knew that they had been going underground.
王叶其实也迷路了，但他时不时地能发现一些上辈子记下来的溶洞地标物，及时纠正方向，这才让他不至于在原地打转，或者直接转进某个怪兽的嘴巴里。
Wang Ye was actually lost, but from time to time he could find some cave landmarks that he had written down in his previous life, and correct the direction in time, so that he would not spin in place, or turn directly into the mouth of a certain monster.
雷木举起火把，前方豁然开朗。 Lei Mu raised the torch, and the front suddenly opened up.
他们终于从似乎走不完的狭窄的通道进入到一个巨大的溶洞大厅中。
They finally entered a huge cavern hall through a narrow passage that seemed to be endless.
火把的光芒并不能照射出多远，王叶心想如果这里有射灯的话，那这个巨大溶洞大厅内的景色一定非常漂亮，这个大厅里面有不少奇形怪状的钟乳石，还有一个小水潭和一条地下小河流过。
The light of the torches could not shine far, Wang Ye thought to himself that if there were spotlights here, then the scenery in this huge cave hall must be very beautiful, there were many strange-shaped stalactites in this hall, and there was a small waterhole and a small underground river passing through.
王叶让雷木又拿出一个火把点着，他自己举着。他看这个大厅非常眼熟，如果能找到某个地标物，就说明他距离那东西已经不远了。
Wang Ye asked Lei Mu to take out another torch and light it, and he held it himself. He looked at the hall very familiarly, and if he could find a landmark, it meant that he was not far from it.
“害怕吗？”雷木担心如此深邃又黑暗的环境会让小孩感到压抑。
"Are you scared?" Reimu worries that such a deep and dark environment will make children feel depressed.
王叶耸肩：“还好。” Wang Ye shrugged: "It's okay." ”
托老王的福，他小时候长时间被关在行李箱里，早习惯了黑暗、狭小又压抑的环境。一般人大概会被关出幽闭恐惧症，但他似乎从小胆子就贼大，被长时间关在黑暗的箱子里，他也就睁着眼睛看着黑暗。
Thanks to Lao Wang, he was locked in a suitcase for a long time when he was a child, and he had long been accustomed to the dark, cramped and oppressive environment. Ordinary people would probably be locked up in claustrophobia, but he seems to have been a thief since he was a child, and he was locked in a dark box for a long time, and he also looked at the darkness with his eyes open.
甚至他十分期盼黑暗中有什么能把他带走。 He even wished that something in the darkness would take him away.
他不怕黑，只怕被拘束住不能动弹。 He is not afraid of the dark, but he is afraid that he will be restrained and unable to move.
所以他把同样的刑罚转赠给老王，让他的意识被困在自己的身体中，明明清醒，却无法动弹，也无法发出任何声音，永远都只能躺着。
So he transferred the same punishment to Lao Wang, so that his consciousness was trapped in his body, obviously awake, but he could not move, could not make any sound, and could only lie down forever.
“你胆子真大。”雷木就没见过这样的小孩。 "You're so daring." Remu had never seen a child like this.
王叶点头，他确实胆大。他不怕疼，也不知道害怕，有人曾说过像他这种人就是天生的坏胚子。
Wang Ye nodded, he was indeed bold. He is not afraid of pain, and he does not know that he is afraid, and someone once said that people like him are born with bad embryos.
“可惜没有买到魔法灯，用火把太不方便。”王叶超级想念狼眼手电和野外探矿头灯。
"It's a pity that I didn't buy a magic lamp, and it's too inconvenient to use a torch." Wang Ye misses the wolf's eye flashlight and the headlamp for field prospecting.
雷木想说：难道不是因为你嫌贵吗？还挑了魔法灯一堆毛病，说又昂贵照明效果又一般。
Lei Mu wanted to say: Isn't it because you are too expensive? I also picked a bunch of faults with the magic lamp, saying that it was expensive and the lighting effect was average.
“这边！”王叶找到了他想找的地标物。 "This way!" Wang Ye found the landmark he was looking for.
那是一块侧看像女子梳长头发的岩石，那根翘起的尾指给他印象非常深刻，而女子尾指指的方向就是他要去的方向。
It was a rock that looked like a woman combing her long hair from the side, and he was very impressed by the upturned tail finger, and the direction the woman's tail finger pointed in the direction he was going.
“小家伙，看不出来，你对这里挺熟悉的嘛。” "Little one, I can't see it, you're quite familiar with this place."
王叶跳了起来，一下子蹦到雷木的背上，怪叫：“哥，有鬼！”
Wang Ye jumped up, jumped on Lei Mu's back at once, and screamed: "Brother, there are ghosts!" ”
第63章 虫蜜 Chapter 63: Worm Honey
雷木没感觉王叶有半点害怕，相反那怪叫还充满兴奋。 Lei Mu didn't feel that Wang Ye was the slightest bit afraid, on the contrary, the strange scream was still full of excitement.
但也只有熟悉小叶子的他才能听出来，旁人看只看到瘦小的孩子吓得搂住他哥的脖子瑟瑟发抖。
But only he who was familiar with Xiao Ye could hear it, and others only saw the thin child hugging his brother's neck and trembling in fright.
雷木眼睛准确捕捉到一点能量幽光，但他像是没有看到一样，目光溢散开来，一副警惕的模样扫视四周。
Lei Mu's eyes accurately caught a bit of energy ghostly light, but as if he didn't see it, his gaze spread, and he scanned the surroundings with a vigilant look.
“小叶子，你看到什么了？”雷木故意问。 "Little leaf, what do you see?" Remu asked deliberately.
小孩像是吓坏了，火把掉到地上都顾不上，脸伏在雷木脖子上，遮挡住他的大部分表情：“有人刚刚跟我说话。”
The child seemed frightened, and he didn't even care if the torch fell to the ground, and his face lay on Lei Mu's neck, covering most of his expression: "Someone just talked to me." ”
王叶在笑啊，止不住的高兴，他当然不能让人看到。 Wang Ye was laughing, he couldn't stop being happy, of course he couldn't let people see it.
雷木立刻对周围喝道：“谁？出来。” Lei Mu immediately shouted to the surroundings: "Who? Come out. ”
那点幽光围着两人飞来飞去，发出桀桀怪笑。 The ghostly light flew around the two of them, making a grotesque laugh.
雷木也听到了声音，他在猜测这东西是什么，是幽灵？还是某种特殊生物？
Remu also heard the voice, he was guessing what this thing was, was it a ghost? Or is it some kind of special creature?
“哥，我们快走，往那边走。”王叶拍拍脸，调整表情指了个方向。
"Brother, let's go quickly, go over there." Wang Ye patted his face, adjusted his expression and pointed in a direction.
雷木毫不犹豫地背着王叶就往那个方向走。 Lei Mu did not hesitate to carry Wang Ye on his back and walked in that direction.
那点幽光飞到王叶肩膀附近，“小鬼，警告你，不想死的话就别往那边走。”
The ghostly light flew near Wang Ye's shoulder, "Little ghost, warn you, don't go over there if you don't want to die." ”
王叶又缩回去了，只露出一点点眼睛，神色紧张地扫视来扫视去，像是完全没有发现那点幽光，过了一会儿才小声问：“那边有什么吗？”
Wang Ye retracted again, revealing only a little bit of his eyes, and glanced around nervously, as if he hadn't noticed the ghost light at all, and then asked in a low voice, "Is there anything over there?" ”
“那边有极为可怕的存在，你们过去必死无疑。要不是我在这里很久都没有看到其他人，我才懒得提醒你们。”幽光道。
"There is a terrible presence over there, and you will surely die in the past. If it weren't for the fact that I hadn't seen anyone else here for a long time, I wouldn't have bothered to remind you. "Gloomy Light.
“你是谁？为什么我看不见你？”王叶瑟瑟地问。 "Who are you? Why can't I see you? Wang Ye asked in a wrench.
幽光忽然发出幽幽长叹：“我是谁？我也记不得了，我在这里很久很久了。”
The ghost light suddenly let out a faint sigh: "Who am I?" I don't remember, I've been here for a long, long time. ”
“你是幽灵吗？” "Are you a ghost?"
“也许吧。”幽光又围着两人飞舞一圈，说道：“看在你是个幼崽的份上，跟我来，我带你们出去。”
"Maybe." The ghost light flew around the two of them again, and said, "For your sake, come with me and I'll take you out." ”
“可是我不想出去。”王叶胆子似乎大了一点，特别单纯地小声道：“我爷爷的爷爷告诉我爷爷，说这里有金子，现在我爷爷去世了，就把这事告诉了我们哥俩。我哥说我有魔法天赋，想要送我去魔法学校，可我们家太穷了，付不起路费，更付不起报名费，我和我哥就来这里试试运气，看能不能找到金矿。你能带我们找到金矿吗？”
"But I don't want to go out." Wang Ye seemed to be a little bolder, and whispered very simply: "My grandfather's grandfather told my grandfather that there was gold here, and now that my grandfather has died, he told our brothers about it." My brother said I had a talent for magic and wanted to send me to a magic school, but our family was too poor to pay for the journey, let alone the registration fee, so my brother and I came here to try our luck and see if we could find a gold mine. Can you take us to the gold mine? ”
雷木听到王叶如此天真之言，只好扮演他的角色，呵斥：“小叶子，闭嘴，不要什么都往外说。”
When Lei Mu heard Wang Ye's innocent words, he had no choice but to play his role and scolded: "Xiao Yezi, shut up, don't say anything." ”
王叶立刻埋下脸，似乎知道自己错了。 Wang Ye immediately buried his face, as if he knew that he was wrong.
幽光冷哼：“这有什么好隐瞒的，来这里的人类，九成都是为了寻找金矿，剩下的一成才是误入。”
Youguang snorted coldly: "What is there to hide, ninety percent of the humans who come here are looking for gold mines, and the remaining one percent are mistaken." ”
王叶似乎又感觉到了希望，看着周围问：“那您能带我们找到金矿吗？我和我哥不会要很多，我们只要一点点，足够我们生活就可以。”
Wang Ye seemed to feel hope again, looked around and asked, "Then can you take us to find the gold mine?" My brother and I don't want much, we just need a little bit to live on. ”
幽光：“是吗，你们发誓你们只要一点点？” Ghostlight: "yes, you swear you're just a little?" ”
王叶拼命点头，还捏雷木的耳朵，催促：“哥，我们只要一点黄金对不对？”
Wang Ye nodded desperately, pinched Lei Mu's ears, and urged: "Brother, we just need a little gold, right?" ”
雷木木着脸道：“是，不要多，只要够我们兄弟生活。”
Lei Mumu said with a grimace: "Yes, not much, as long as it is enough for our brothers to live." ”
幽光似乎被打动了：“看在你们不是贪心鬼的份上，跟我来吧。”
The ghost light seemed to be moved: "For the sake of you not being greedy, come with me." ”
幽光在两人眼前显出身影，就是一点幽光。 The ghostly light appeared in front of the two of them, and it was a little ghostly light.
两人都像是才看到一样，王叶更是夸张地发出惊呼：“真的是幽灵！”
Both of them seemed to have just seen it, and Wang Ye exclaimed even more exaggeratedly: "It's really a ghost!" ”
“跟我来。”幽光飞在前头。 "Follow me." The ghost light flies ahead.
王叶从雷木背上跳下来，握住雷木的手，“哥，我们跟它走。”
Wang Ye jumped down from Lei Mu's back and held Lei Mu's hand, "Brother, let's go with it." ”
雷木不知道王叶肚子里到底有什么打算，但他相信小家伙不会无的放矢，就真的跟着那幽光往前走。
Lei Mu didn't know what Wang Ye's stomach was planning, but he believed that the little guy would not be untargeted, so he really followed the ghostly light forward.
幽光带领两人的方向与王叶之前要去的方向呈四十五度夹角，那里有一条恰好能容一个胖子通过的缝隙。
The direction that the ghost light led the two of them was at a forty-five degree angle to the direction Wang Ye was going to go before, and there was a gap that was just enough for a fat man to pass through.
幽光飞入缝隙，还特别停顿了下，招呼两人：“快跟上，你们拿到黄金就赶紧离开，这里不是你们该来的地方。”
The ghost light flew into the gap, and paused in particular, beckoning to the two: "Hurry up, you get the gold and leave quickly, this is not the place you should come." ”
雷木和王叶跟上。 Lei Mu and Wang Ye followed.
缝隙里面比较曲折，但并不算逼仄，不过里面一样出现了好几条岔道，如果没有那幽光带路，想要找到正确的金矿地点一定很难。
The gap is winding, but it's not cramped, but there are several forks in the road, and it must be difficult to find the right location for the gold mine without the glow to lead the way.
“哥，你看，前面有光！”王叶发出兴奋又害怕的叫声。
"Brother, look, there's light ahead!" Wang Ye let out a cry of excitement and fear.
幽光没有丝毫停顿地飞入那光源之地。 The ghostly light flew into the place of light without pause.
雷木举着火把放慢脚步，用眼神问王叶：真的要跟进去？
Lei Mu held the torch and slowed down, and asked Wang Ye with his eyes: Do you really want to follow up?
他的眼睛看到了一片密密麻麻的能量光芒。 His eyes saw a dense glow of energy.
王叶在雷木手掌心写了一个字，叮嘱道：“哥，一定要相信我，先保护好你自己。”
Wang Ye wrote a word in the palm of Lei Mu's hand and advised: "Brother, you must believe me, protect yourself first." ”
雷木握紧了小孩的手，无声地给出他的信任。 Raimu squeezed the child's hand, silently giving his trust.
幽光飞入那光源地就没再飞出来，似乎笃定两人一定会跟入。
The ghostly light flew into the light source and did not fly out again, as if the two of them were sure that they would definitely follow.
两人往前又走了几步，这下就能看得更清楚了，他们确实看到了一片璀璨的金光。
The two of them took a few more steps forward, and now they could see more clearly, and they did see a bright golden light.
那是个大约五六十平方的洞穴，地上、墙壁上到处都是一坨坨的像是天然金的矿石。
It was a cave of about fifty or sixty square meters, and there were lumps of ore that looked like natural gold everywhere on the ground and walls.
幽光飞到两人面前：“这就是金矿的一部分，这里的金子比较纯，你们可以直接取几块走，不要太贪心，拿上你们能带走的分量，拿好我就带你们离开。”
The ghost light flew in front of the two of them: "This is part of the gold mine, the gold here is relatively pure, you can take a few pieces directly, don't be too greedy, take the amount you can take, take it and I'll take you away." ”
“好的好的，谢谢你带我们来这里。”王叶转头对雷木说：“哥，我进去拿金子，你在这里等我。”
"Okay, okay, thank you for bringing us here." Wang Ye turned his head to Lei Mu and said, "Brother, I'll go in and get the gold, and you wait for me here." ”
幽光冒声：“你们可以一起进来拿，你一个小崽子能拿多少？我让你们别贪心，可也没让你们真的只拿一点点。”
The ghost light said: "You can come in together and get it, how much can you take as a little cub?" I told you not to be greedy, but I didn't let you really take just a little bit. ”
王叶扭头看雷木：“哥，那我们一起进去，小心点，别把地上的金子踩脏了。”
Wang Ye turned his head to look at Lei Mu: "Brother, then let's go in together, be careful, don't trample on the gold on the ground." ”
王叶做了个口型。 Wang Ye made a lip shape.
雷木点头，“知道了。” Remu nodded, "Got it." ”
王叶在前，雷木在后，一起进入了这个金光灿烂的洞穴。
Wang Ye was in front and Lei Mu was behind, and they entered this golden cave together.
两人落脚极为注意，没有一个人踩到凸起的天然金块上。
The two of them were extremely careful to settle down, and none of them stepped on the raised natural gold nuggets.
幽光围着两人飞舞，催促他们：“快点快点，随便捡两块走了。”
The ghostly light flew around the two of them, urging them: "Hurry up, hurry up, just pick up two pieces and go." ”
王叶突然加快速度，【塞翁失马焉知非福】施展，他转眼就出现在洞内一个角落，并飞速从墙上抠下一枚颜色暗淡的金块。
Wang Ye suddenly increased his speed, and he appeared in a corner of the cave in a blink of an eye, and quickly pulled out a dull-colored gold nugget from the wall.
幽光发出尖叫：“你拿了什么？快放下！那东西不能拿！”
The ghost screamed, "What did you take?" Put it down! You can't take that thing! ”
王叶露出诡异笑容，当着那幽光的面，竟然张嘴一口咬向那枚金块。
Wang Ye showed a strange smile, and in front of the ghostly light, he actually opened his mouth and bit the gold nugget.
“啊啊啊！停下！你这个该死的人类！”幽光扑向王叶。
"Ahhh Stop it! You damn human! The ghostly light rushed towards Wang Ye.
但迟了，王叶已经啃下半块金块，并在大力咀嚼。 But it was too late, Wang Ye had already gnawed half of the gold nugget and was chewing vigorously.
幽光发出人类听不见的声波，金光灿烂的洞穴里突然浮出大量光点，一起冲向雷木和王叶。这些光点也是这个洞穴的光源。
The ghostly light emitted sound waves that humans couldn't hear, and a large number of points of light suddenly surfaced in the golden cavern, rushing towards Lei Mu and Wang Ye together. These points of light are also the source of light for this cave.
但不知何时，雷木周身已经形成能量封锁带，任何光点都无法接近他。
王叶用最快速度把剩下的那点金块也填进嘴里，又硬是忍着恶心感，把嘴里嚼不烂的玩意硬生生咽下。
Wang Ye filled the remaining gold nuggets into his mouth as quickly as he could, and he couldn't bear the nausea and swallowed the things that couldn't be chewed in his mouth.
光点扑到了他身上，王叶感到身体肌肤些微刺痛。 The point of light fell on him, and Wang Ye felt a slight tingling in the skin of his body.
连他都能感到清晰痛楚，可想而知普通人被这些光点黏上会疼成什么样。
Even he could feel the pain clearly, and he could imagine what it would be like for ordinary people to be glued to these points of light.
光点宛如飞蛾扑火一般不断往他身上扑，更想钻入他的身体中。
The points of light kept pounced on him like moths to a fire, and they wanted to burrow into his body.
【玩家隔壁小王发现浮游光虫洞穴，探索溶洞群任务完成10%。】
[The player's next door Xiao Wang found a floating light insect cave, and the quest to explore the cave group was completed by 10%.] 】
雷木站在原地，很想去帮助王叶，但他看到王叶对他摆手，让他站在那儿别动。
Lei Mu stood where he was, wanting to help Wang Ye, but he saw Wang Ye waving at him and asked him to stand there and not move.
雷木只能先保护好自己。进洞前，小叶子在他手心里写了一个封字，他就猜到小家伙希望他使用能量封锁这招，只是他没想到王叶竟然希望他用这招来封住他自己。
Lei Mu can only protect himself first. Before entering the cave, Xiao Ye Zi wrote a seal in the palm of his hand, and he guessed that the little guy wanted him to use the energy to block this move, but he didn't expect Wang Ye to want him to use this trick to seal himself.
目前看来，这招对付这无数的小光点极为有用，它们似乎感知不到他的存在一般，愣是绕过他，一起扑向王叶。
At present, it seems that this trick is extremely useful against these countless small points of light, as if they can't sense his existence, they are stunned to bypass him and pounce on Wang Ye together.
幽光在王叶吞下金块时像是吓傻了，直到这时才又发出刺耳的尖叫：“你怎么知道？你怎么会发现？这不可能！”
The ghost light seemed to be stupid when Wang Ye swallowed the gold nugget, and only then did he let out a piercing scream: "How do you know? How did you find out? That's impossible! ”
王叶：有什么不可能的？号称第四天灾的玩家那可都是比蝗虫还蝗虫的扫荡者，他们所到之处，恨不得把所有灰尘都掰开来看有没有机缘，何况这满满一洞穴的金光灿烂。
Wang Ye: What's impossible? The players known as the Fourth Plague are sweepers who are more locusts than locusts, and wherever they go, they can't wait to break off all the dust to see if there is a chance, not to mention the golden light that fills the cavern.
上辈子，有一个团队的人就遇到了同样的幽光，也跟着幽光找到了这个洞穴。他们被坑死了几十次，但玩家可以不断复活的特性，也把这个洞穴的情况摸了个一清二楚。
In my previous life, there was a team of people who encountered the same ghostly light and followed the ghostly light to find this cave. They have been trapped dozens of times, but the player's ability to resurrect again and again also gives a clear picture of the situation in this cave.
这颜色暗淡的金块是一个拥有厨师技能的玩家发现，他对食材非常敏感，摸到这块金块后，判定其可以食用，当时他被大量光点攻击，被吃掉大量血肉，疼得快要死去，当他推测食用这块金块后能帮他恢复，他就不管三七二十一，开始生啃金块，从而发现了这块金块的秘密。
This dull gold nugget was discovered by a player with chef skills, he was very sensitive to ingredients, after touching this nugget, he judged it to be edible, when he was attacked by a large number of light points, was eaten a lot of flesh, and was about to die of pain, when he speculated that eating this nugget could help him recover, he didn't care about it, and began to gnaw the nugget raw, thus discovering the secret of this nugget.
王叶在研究囚犯岛的攻略时，偶尔发现这个厨师玩家的帖子，他就花了十金币买了这个帖子的阅读权。
When Wang Ye was researching the strategy of Prisoner Island, he occasionally found a post from this chef player, so he spent ten gold coins to buy the right to read this post.
后来他为了不浪费这十金币，做副本任务时，特地往那个溶洞大厅跑，跑了五次才遇到那能说话的拟声虫。
Later, in order not to waste the ten gold coins, when he was doing a quest, he specially ran to the cave hall, and ran five times before he encountered the onomatopoeia that could speak.
对，那像幽灵一样的光点就是一只寄生虫。 Yes, that ghost-like point of light is a parasite.
这种寄生虫通过寄生各种生物，从而得到语言能力，可以模仿各种生物说话，被称为拟声虫。
This parasite acquires the ability to speak by parasitic various organisms and can imitate the speech of various creatures, and is known as onomatopoeia.
第一次见到拟声虫的人类大多会以为它们是幽灵，而拟声虫知道这点后，也会故意冒充幽灵。
Most humans who see onomatopoeia for the first time will think they are ghosts, and when they know this, they will deliberately impersonate ghosts.
拟声虫的唯一作用就是引诱生物进入寄生虫洞穴，成为寄生虫们的食物和养料。
The only role of onomatopoeia is to lure organisms into the parasite burrows and become food and nourishment for the parasites.
上辈子，王叶也啃了这枚颜色暗淡的金块，只是可惜他那时用的是游戏提供的身体，提高的也只是游戏身体的素质，幸好除了身体素质，他的精神力值也略微有提升。
In his previous life, Wang Ye also gnawed on this gold nugget with a dull color, but unfortunately he used the body provided by the game at that time, and only the physical quality of the game was improved, but fortunately, in addition to his physical fitness, his mental strength value was also slightly improved.
现在他用他原本的身体吃下这枚金块……正确说，这东西不是金块，而是虫蜜。
Now he eats the nugget with his original body...... To be precise, this thing is not a nugget of gold, but worm honey.
虫蜜只是一个叫法，这玩意的口感可和蜂蜜相差远了，跟塑料一样难吃，但蜂蜜的效果也远远无法和这种虫蜜相比。
Worm honey is just a name, the taste of this thing is far from honey, it is as unpalatable as plastic, but the effect of honey is far from being comparable to this worm honey.
这种虫蜜就是这些浮游光虫吸收各种能量后分泌出来的精华，效果类似于初级基因进化药剂。
This kind of insect nectar is the essence secreted by these planktonic light insects after absorbing various energies, and the effect is similar to that of primary genetic evolution potions.
浮游光虫相当于寄生虫族中的最底层农民，它们食用各种纷杂能量，产生纯粹的精华，每只都只能产生一点点，它们就把这些精华凝聚在一起，等凝聚到一定程度，就会有运输虫来把虫蜜取走。
Planktonic insects are equivalent to the lowest farmers in the parasitic insect family, they eat all kinds of mixed energy, produce pure essence, each can only produce a little bit, they will condense these essences together, and when the condensation reaches a certain level, there will be transport insects to take away the worm honey.
这东西不好吃，但只要吃下肚，就会在胃里慢慢消化，且因为消化慢，对身体素质的提升也比较缓慢，但同样也不会给人体带来极大痛苦，是调养身体改变资质进化基因的最佳天材地宝之一。
This thing is not delicious, but as long as you eat it, it will be slowly digested in the stomach, and because of slow digestion, the improvement of physical fitness is also relatively slow, but it will also not bring great pain to the human body.
原本王叶以为不会碰到拟声虫，毕竟他提前那么多年进入游戏。但他也想着，等拿到他的目标物后，他就在这个溶洞群中到处走走，看能不能找到这个浮游光虫洞。
Originally, Wang Ye thought that he would not encounter onomatopoeia, after all, he entered the game so many years in advance. But he also thought that after getting his target, he would walk around the cave group to see if he could find this floating light wormhole.
谁想到他刚找到那个溶洞大厅就遇到了拟声虫。 Who would have thought that he had just found that cave hall and encountered an onomatopoeia worm.
上辈子，他可是跑了五次才遇到。 In his previous life, he ran five times before he met it.
也许就因为他提前进入游戏，这时囚犯岛的危机还没有大爆发，来地下溶洞群的人也极少，浮游光虫食物不够吃，才导致拟声虫一发现有生物出现，就迫不及待地跑出来骗人？
Maybe it was because he entered the game in advance, when the crisis on Prisoner Island had not yet broken out, and there were very few people who came to the underground caves, and the planktonic light insects did not have enough food to eat, so that the onomatopoeia insects couldn't wait to run out to deceive people as soon as they found a creature appeared?
王叶猜对了。 Wang Ye guessed right.
寄生虫族在这个溶洞群中正在蛰伏发展中，高等级的虫卵都在孵化中，低等级的虫卵，类如浮游光虫和拟声虫等，它们先孵化出来的作用，就是为其他虫卵提供养料和能量。
The parasitic insects are dormant and developing in this cave group, and the high-level eggs are hatching, and the low-level eggs, such as planktonic insects and onomatopoeias, etc., are hatched first, which is to provide nourishment and energy for other eggs.
这些寄生虫等级低、能力低、杀伤力也低，它们绝大多数更因为某种原因，暂时无法离开溶洞群，只能在一定范围内寻找食物。
These parasites have low levels, low abilities, and low lethality, and most of them are temporarily unable to leave the cave group for some reason, and can only look for food within a certain range.
但溶洞群中生物有限，有些强大的生物又不好捕捉。这些浮游光虫都快饿坏了，拟声虫一看到雷木和王叶这两个活人出现，再看他们要去的方向是虫巢的方向，那还能不跑出来阻止和诱骗。
However, there are only a limited number of creatures in the cave group, and some powerful creatures are difficult to catch. These planktonic light insects are almost starving, and as soon as the onomatopoeia insects see the two living people Lei Mu and Wang Ye appear, and then see that the direction they are going in is the direction of the insect nest, then they can still run out to stop and deceive.
“你就这样让这些虫子叮咬你？”雷木看王叶被那些虫子咬得血肉模糊，又心疼又焦急，表示了想要出手之意。
"You're just letting these bugs bite you?" Lei Mu saw that Wang Ye was bitten by those insects, and his flesh was blurred, he was distressed and anxious, and expressed his intention to make a move.
王叶忙道：“你别出手，这些浮游光虫对能量非常敏感，你只要使用异术，它们就会叮上你、钻入你的身体。”
Wang Ye hurriedly said: "Don't make a move, these planktonic light insects are very sensitive to energy, as long as you use a magic technique, they will bite you and burrow into your body." ”
“那你怎么办？” "And what do you do?"
“别急，再等一会儿就好。”王叶再三让雷木不要出手。
"Don't worry, just wait a little longer." Wang Ye repeatedly asked Lei Mu not to make a move.
雷木只好忍耐。 Remu had no choice but to endure.
幸好等不到两分钟，在王叶表面一层皮肉都快被啃光时，那些浮游光虫忽然四散飞开，重新飞回到墙壁和地面上。
Fortunately, after waiting for less than two minutes, when the layer of skin and flesh on the surface of Wang Ye was about to be gnawed away, those planktonic light insects suddenly scattered and flew back to the wall and the ground.
拟声虫却不断发出尖叫：“攻击他！攻击这个人类！他是敌人！”
But the onomatopoeia kept screaming: "Attack him!" Attack this human! He's the enemy! ”
可惜浮游光虫并不是拟声虫的下属，也没有感觉到食物存在，并不听它的。
It's a pity that the planktonic light insect is not a subordinate of the onomatopoeia, and it does not sense the presence of food and does not listen to it.
王叶施展【生生不息】治疗自己，同时使用【自投罗网】拉拽住拟声虫，让它跑不掉。
Wang Ye used [Endless Life] to heal himself, and at the same time used [Self-Throwing Net] to pull the onomatopoeia worm so that it couldn't escape.
紧接着就是【纠缠不清】，让因果线紧紧缠住它的翅膀。再给自己挂上【冤冤相报】，伸手握住幽光，用力一捏。
This is followed by [Entanglement], which makes the causal thread tightly wrap around its wings. Then hang up [Retribution for Injustice] to yourself, reach out to hold the ghostly light, and pinch it hard.
拟声虫发出一声尖叫，死了。 The onomatopoeia let out a scream and died.
拟声虫这种寄生虫太弱，所以它们经常不会让自己的身形显示出来，但为了获得食物的信任，它又不得不发出幽光伪装幽灵，这就给了别人找到它、并抓住它的机会。
The onomatopoeia parasite is so weak that it often doesn't show its size, but in order to gain the trust of its food, it has to emit a ghostly glow to disguise the ghost, which gives others a chance to find it and seize it.
不过拟声虫飞行速度很快，就算它很弱小，你想抓住它也不容易。
However, the onomatopoeia flies very fast, and even if it is weak, it is not easy for you to catch it.
所以王叶一上来就限制住它的行动，让它连飞都飞不起来。
So as soon as Wang Ye came up, he restricted its movements, so that it couldn't even fly.
【玩家隔壁小王成功杀死一级拟声虫一只，经验值10。】
[The player's next door Xiao Wang successfully killed a first-level onomatopoeia insect, and the experience value is 10.] 】
同时一股因果之力被王叶吸收。 At the same time, a force of cause and effect was absorbed by Wang Ye.
“木木，你别动。这地上和墙壁上的金块都是虫卵，踩破了会惊动母虫，浮游光虫的母虫很难对付。”王叶警告道。
"Mumu, don't move. The gold nuggets on the ground and on the walls are insect eggs, and if you step on them, they will alarm the female worm, and the female worm of the planktonic light insect is difficult to deal with. Wang Ye warned.
雷木没动，也不敢撤销能量封锁，只能对着在洞里转悠的王叶，问：“你没事吗？那些虫子是吃饱了还是怎么回事？”
Lei Mu didn't move, and he didn't dare to revoke the energy blockade, so he could only look at Wang Ye, who was wandering around the cave, and asked, "Are you okay?" Are those bugs full or what's going on? ”
伤势眼见着就好了大半的王叶一边搜索墙壁和地面的金块，一边摆手道：“没事，那些虫子不是吃饱了，它们是把我当做了自己虫。”
Wang Ye, who was half of the injured and healed, waved his hand while searching for gold nuggets on the wall and ground: "It's okay, those insects are not full, they treat me as their own worms." ”
他吞吃了浮游光虫的虫蜜，身体逐渐散发出虫蜜的味道，当达到一定浓度，这些虫子就以为它是寄生虫族的幼虫，当然不会再伤害他。
He devoured the nectar of the planktonic insects, and his body gradually emitted the smell of insect honey, and when it reached a certain concentration, these insects thought it was a larva of the parasitic insect family, and of course they would not harm him again.
“你对这些虫子似乎很了解？你一开始就知道那幽光有问题？”雷木接连问了两个问题。
"You seem to know a lot about these bugs? You knew there was something wrong with that glow in the first place? Raimu asked two questions in quick succession.
王叶没有立刻回答雷木的问题，而是把整个洞穴都走了一边，从一个角落又抠下一块虫蜜。
Wang Ye didn't answer Lei Mu's question immediately, but walked the entire cave aside, and pulled off another piece of insect honey from a corner.
只可惜这块虫蜜个头太小，只有拇指大。他刚才吃的那块是洞里最大的一块，约有鹅蛋大，比他上辈子吃掉的那块都大一圈。
It's a pity that this piece of worm honey is too small, only the size of a thumb. The piece he had just eaten was the largest piece in the cave, about the size of a goose egg, and a lap larger than the one he had eaten in his previous life.
“我们运气不错，那些运输虫还没有来取货。”王叶最后几个字说得很含糊，小心走到雷木身边，“那些浮游光虫被唤醒，短时间内都会对能量十分敏感，你暂时不要解除能量封锁，就这么走出去。”
"We're lucky, the bugs haven't come to pick up yet." Wang Ye said the last few words very vaguely, and walked carefully to Lei Mu's side, "Those planktonic light insects are awakened, and they will be very sensitive to energy in a short period of time, you don't want to lift the energy blockade for the time being, just go out." ”
“这些虫子和虫卵就这么放着？” "These bugs and eggs are just there?"
“这些虫子不难杀死，一把火就能烧死不少，但会惊动母虫，已经孵化并被供养很久的母虫不是我们现在能对付的。等我们要离开时再说。”王叶理智地道。
"These insects are not difficult to kill, a fire can burn a lot, but it will alarm the mother worm, and the mother worm that has been hatched and fed for a long time is not something we can deal with now. We'll talk about it when we're leaving. Wang Ye said sensibly.
雷木想到自己之前用眼术看到的一些强大能量团，他不知道那里面有没有浮游光虫的母虫，但他也不敢托大地说能敌得过那些存在，便依言行动，并非常小心不要碰到地上和墙壁上的金色虫卵。
Lei Mu thought of some of the powerful energy clusters he had seen with his eyes before, he didn't know if there were any female insects of planktonic light insects in them, but he didn't dare to say that he could defeat those beings, so he acted as he said, and was very careful not to touch the golden insect eggs on the ground and walls.
两人走出这个洞穴，王叶在前面带路，一直到走回那个溶洞大厅，王叶才让雷木撤销能量封锁。
The two walked out of this cave, Wang Ye led the way in front, and it was not until they walked back to the cave hall that Wang Ye asked Lei Mu to revoke the energy blockade.
“木木，这个给你吃。”王叶踮起脚尖，硬把虫蜜往雷木嘴里塞。
"Mumu, this is for you to eat." Wang Ye stood on tiptoe and forced the worm nectar into Lei Mu's mouth.
雷木张口咬住，咀嚼两下，皱起眉头。 Lei Mu opened his mouth to bite, chewed twice, and frowned.
“很难吃对吧？不过这是好东西，就是小了点。”王叶嘿嘿笑。
"It's hard to eat, isn't it? But it's a good thing, it's just a little smaller. Wang Ye smiled.
雷木当然不会怀疑王叶害他，就算嘴里的东西再难吃，他还是咽下了。
Of course, Lei Mu would not suspect that Wang Ye was harming him, even if the contents in his mouth were unpalatable, he still swallowed them.
“小叶子，” "Little Leaf,"
不等雷木把刚才的疑问再提出一遍，王叶立刻指向自己的眼睛，找了个最佳借口：“我拥有真实之眼。”
Without waiting for Lei Mu to raise the question just now, Wang Ye immediately pointed to his eyes and found the best excuse: "I have the True Eye." ”
雷木接受了这个答案，同时笑道：“我是想跟你说，我知道你懂很多，也很神秘，如果你不想说，我就不会问你。”
Remu accepted this answer and smiled at the same time: "I want to tell you, I know that you know a lot and are very mysterious, if you don't want to say, I won't ask you." ”
王叶：“……我对你没有秘密。不过有些事确实不能现在告诉你，那也许会让我离开你。木木，你想要和我分开吗？再也见不到我吗？”
Wang Ye: "...... I have no secrets from you. But there are some things I really can't tell you now, and those might make me leave you. Mumu, do you want to be separated from me? Will you never see me again? ”
雷木揉乱王叶的头毛，他也不知道是不是错觉，明明小孩在用一副故意卖惨的腔调说话，但他就是能感觉到小孩隐藏在玩笑下的深深不安。
Lei Mu rubbed Wang Ye's hair up, he didn't know if it was an illusion, obviously the child was talking in a deliberately miserable tone, but he could feel the deep uneasiness hidden by the child's joke.
小叶子似乎很没有安全感呢。 Xiao Yezi seems to be very insecure.
“不想。我会保护你，走吧。”雷木给出了肯定答复。 "I don't want to. I'll protect you, let's go. Remu replied in the affirmative.
“木木，你真好，爸爸爱死你了~”王叶自己都没有发现，在听到这句类似承诺的语言后，他整个精神海都明亮了三分。
"Mu Mu, you are so good, Dad loves you to death~" Wang Ye didn't even notice it himself, after hearing this promise-like language, his entire spiritual sea brightened by three points.
第64章 光之玉心 Chapter 64: The Jade Heart of Light
两人在溶洞大厅休息了四个多小时，主要是用来吸收消化刚才吃下肚的虫蜜。
The two of them rested in the cave hall for more than four hours, mainly to absorb and digest the worm honey they had just eaten.
王叶让雷木拿出两个铁炉、两个大铜锅，盛了溶洞大厅内的地下河水，烧了开水，倒入两个大木桶中。
Wang Ye asked Lei Mu to take out two iron stoves and two large copper pots, fill the underground river water in the cave hall, boil the water, and pour it into two large wooden barrels.
这两个木桶是王叶买来准备药浴之用。 These two wooden barrels were bought by Wang Ye to prepare medicinal baths.
刚刚吃了虫蜜，如果使用药浴，可以更好地激发虫蜜改善身体资质让基因进化的效果。
I just ate worm honey, if you use a medicinal bath, you can better stimulate the effect of worm honey to improve physical qualifications and let genes evolve.
王叶按照两人的身体情况，调配出两桶药水，待水温降低到人体可以承受的程度后，两人就分别入了浴桶坐下。
According to the physical condition of the two of them, Wang Ye prepared two buckets of potion, and after the water temperature dropped to a level that the human body could bear, the two of them sat down in the bathtub respectively.
“你身上还有伤口，就这么泡，没事吗？”雷木多嘴问道。
"You still have wounds on your body, just soak like this, are you okay?" Raimu asked.
王叶四仰八叉地躺在浴桶里，享受地道：“没事。” Wang Ye lay on his back in the bathtub and said with enjoyment: "It's okay." ”
药水刺激受伤未愈的皮肤，确实比较疼，但他感觉不到多少疼痛，只感到略高的水温浸透冰凉的手脚，药草散发出的药性正在推动他身体中的能量流动。
The potion irritated the injured and unhealed skin, and it was indeed painful, but he didn't feel much pain, only felt the slightly higher temperature of the water soaking through the cold hands and feet, and the medicinal properties of the herbs were pushing the energy flow in his body.
原本没有愈合的伤口不应该泡在水里，但他刚刚吃掉虫蜜，这东西正在他体内发挥效用，加上药草的刺激，他的皮肤成了身体第一个进化部位。
Wounds that hadn't healed shouldn't have been soaked in water, but he had just eaten the worm honey, and this thing was working in his body, and with the stimulation of the herbs, his skin became the first part of his body to evolve.
不到半小时，他全身肌肤就再没有一个伤口，肌肤颜色也不再那么苍白孱弱，看起来十分健康，皮肤质感也和正常小孩一样娇嫩。
In less than half an hour, there was no more wound on his whole body, and the color of his skin was no longer so pale and weak, he looked very healthy, and his skin texture was as delicate as that of a normal child.
不过这只是看起来，实际上他的肌肤和骨骼坚韧度此时和专门炼体的人都差不多。
But this is just the appearance, in fact, the toughness of his skin and bones is about the same as that of people who specialize in body refining at this time.
这还只是刚开始，他吃下去的虫蜜也才只消化了一点点。
This was just the beginning, and the worm honey he ate had only digested a little.
雷木睁开眼时，明显感觉到自己身体和精神海的变化，不禁轻轻叹了口气。
When Lei Mu opened his eyes, he clearly felt the changes in his body and spiritual sea, and he couldn't help but sigh softly.
他欠小叶子的似乎越来越多。 He seems to owe more and more to Xiao Ye.
搞不清楚小家伙为什么对他这么好，又这么信任他。 I can't figure out why the little guy is so good to him and trusts him so much.
但小叶子如此对他，他也绝不会辜负这个小家伙。 But Xiao Yezi treated him like this, and he would never let this little guy down.
一个天才想要安然长大，身边总要有几个守护者，他不敢自诩多厉害，但在小叶子身边还没有其他人时，他想他可以留在小叶子身边保护他，直到对方不再需要他。
A genius wants to grow up safely, there must always be a few guardians around him, he doesn't dare to boast of how powerful he is, but when there is no one else around Xiao Yezi, he thinks he can stay by Xiao Yezi's side to protect him until the other party no longer needs him.
在浴桶里睡了一觉的王叶从桶里爬了出来。 Wang Ye, who had slept in the tub, climbed out of the bucket.
这桶水对他已经没有作用，该吸收的都吸收了个干干净净。
This bucket of water has no effect on him, and everything that should be absorbed has been absorbed cleanly.
效果？ Effect?
现在来十个老王，他不用因果之力，也能把他们揍翻。 Now there are ten old kings, and he can beat them down without the power of cause and effect.
雷木……不得不给自己再次加了一个封印。 Thunderwood ...... I had to put a seal on myself again.
现在他给自己加封印的间隔越来越短，可他的根本问题还没解决，有点愁。
Now the interval between him and sealing himself is getting shorter and shorter, but his fundamental problem has not been solved, and he is a little worried.
原本他还想着时间足够，封印效果也很不错，可谁想到一块虫蜜和一次药浴，竟然就让他再次感到了临界危险。
Originally, he thought that there was enough time and the sealing effect was also very good, but who would have thought that a piece of insect honey and a medicinal bath would make him feel critical danger again.
但能解决他问题的人还在十万大山中，他就算现在带着小叶子赶往那边，找人也得花好长时间，
But the person who can solve his problem is still in the 100,000 mountains, and even if he rushes there with Xiaoye now, it will take a long time to find someone.
对了，小叶子在药学方面也很厉害，不知道他能不能解决他的问题？
By the way, Xiao Yezi is also very good at pharmacy, I wonder if he can solve his problem?
如果能，他又何必舍近求远？ If he could, why would he go so far?
但要如何开口？ But how do you speak?
小叶子听到后会不会害怕他、排斥他？ Will Xiao Yezi be afraid of him and reject him when he hears it?
王叶在欣赏雷木的背影。木木身材真好，不过上辈子的他也不差，这辈子他现在就开始调养身体，以后肯定会更棒。
Wang Ye was admiring Lei Mu's back. Mu Mu has a really good figure, but he was not bad in his previous life, and in this life, he started to recuperate now, and he will definitely be better in the future.
雷木转身，恰好看到小叶子欣赏的目光，不由失笑。 Lei Mu turned around, just in time to see Xiao Yezi's admiring gaze, and couldn't help but smile.
“药效一流。”雷木夸奖。 "The efficacy is top-notch." Lei Mu complimented.
王叶得意。不是他夸口，在药浴这方面，他师父都比不上他拿出来的方子。
Wang Ye was proud. It's not that he boasts, in terms of medicinal baths, his master can't compare to the recipes he took out.
雷木把两人的浴桶放到暗河里刷洗干净，重新收起。 Lei Mu put the two of them in the dark river to scrub them clean and put them away again.
两人又简单用了点食物，这才继续探险。 The two of them simply used some food, and then continued their exploration.
王叶记得很清楚，顺着那石像尾指的方向往里走，首先会看到一个地下湖泊。
Wang Ye remembered very well that if he walked in the direction of the tail finger of the stone statue, he would first see an underground lake.
地下湖泊里有一种非常凶狠的巨型水蛇，只要感到有生物进入湖泊，就会冷不丁地冒出来咬你一口，把你毒翻，趁你没力气，再卷住你，把你拖入湖中淹死吞食。
There is a very ferocious giant water snake in the underground lake, as long as it feels that a creature has entered the lake, it will come out of nowhere and bite you, turn you over, and when you have no strength, it will catch you again, drag you into the lake and drown and swallow you.
这种巨型水蛇等级约在三级到六级，相当于玩家的三十级到六十九级。三级和四级的，他和雷木合力，也许还能勉强对付，但遇到五级和六级，他不知道雷木能不能逃脱，但他铁定只有送菜的份。
This giant water snake is about level three to six, which is equivalent to the player's level thirty to sixty-nine. The third and fourth levels, he and Lei Mu worked together, and he might be able to barely deal with it, but when he encountered the fifth and sixth levels, he didn't know if Lei Mu could escape, but he was sure that he would only have to deliver food.
“我们应该跟村长先把小船拿到。”雷木站在位置略高的洞口，看着眼前豁然开朗的湖面，低语。
"We should get the boat with the village chief first." Lei Mu stood at the entrance of the cave at a slightly higher position, looked at the lake in front of him, and whispered.
“拿到小船也没用。”王叶附身捡起一块石头，往湖里远远一丢。
"It's useless to get the boat." Wang Ye picked up a stone and threw it far away into the lake.
水中突然冒出一颗巨大的蛇头，不久又慢慢沉了下去。 A huge snake head suddenly appeared in the water, and soon slowly sank again.
雷木心中一沉，施展眼术观察湖泊，结果就看到黑暗的湖水下面隐藏着数量不少的能量团。
Lei Mu's heart sank, and he used his eye skills to observe the lake, and as a result, he saw a large number of energy clusters hidden under the dark lake.
从能量团的颜色来分辨，里面有不少他也对付不了的厉害家伙存在。
Judging from the color of the energy cluster, there are a lot of powerful guys in it that he can't deal with.
“你想去对面？”雷木想劝王叶改道。 "You want to go to the other side?" Lei Mu wanted to persuade Wang Ye to change his course.
王叶点头：“我有预感，这个湖泊对面会有很重要的发现。”
Wang Ye nodded: "I have a hunch that there will be a very important discovery on the other side of this lake." ”
雷木细想：“确实有可能。这个溶洞群生物不算多，也就这个湖泊里有着比较完整的生物链，如果那些寄生虫在这里形成规模，它们想要猎取食物的最好来源就是这个湖泊，那么在这个地下湖泊附近必然生活着不少寄生虫。换言之，这个湖泊的边缘地带也代表着危险。”
Lei Mu thought carefully: "It is indeed possible. There are not many creatures in this cave group, and there is a relatively complete biological chain in this lake, if those parasites form a scale here, the best source for them to hunt food is this lake, then there must be a lot of parasites living near this underground lake. In other words, the edge of the lake also represents danger. ”
“富贵险中求。”王叶摆出了一副初生牛犊不怕虎的熊孩子样儿：“这个地下溶洞群里的好东西不少，能量尤其丰富，否则也不会被寄生虫族看中，在这里悄悄发展。我们既然来了，总不能就这么空手而归。”
"Wealth is in danger." Wang Ye put on a look of a newborn calf who is not afraid of tigers: "There are a lot of good things in this underground cave group, and the energy is especially rich, otherwise it would not be favored by the parasitic insect clan and quietly develop here." Since we are here, we can't just go home empty-handed. ”
雷木早就感觉到王叶像是有明确目标，下意识就问道：“你想要什么？”
Lei Mu had long felt that Wang Ye seemed to have a clear goal, and subconsciously asked, "What do you want?" ”
王叶很自然地找了个理由：“你还记得我交给你收起来的那枚聚水珠吗？我想把它变成灵水珠。只要我们能找到千年钟乳石液。”
Wang Ye naturally found a reason: "Do you remember the water bead I handed over to you to put away?" I want to turn it into a spiritual water bead. As long as we can find millennial stalactite liquid. ”
雷木了然：“你怀疑村长祖父曾经喝下的石中液体就是千年钟乳石液？”
Lei Mu was clear: "Do you suspect that the liquid in the stone that the village chief's grandfather once drank is the thousand-year-old stalactite liquid?" ”
“对，特征对得上。而且这东西只要根不断，就能源源不断地产生，就算当年村长爷爷的祖父喝掉一些，这么多年下来，必然又会积累出一些。”
"Yes, the features match. And as long as the roots of this thing continue, the energy will continue to be generated, even if the grandfather of the village chief drank some of it, after so many years, it will inevitably accumulate some more. ”
雷木看向湖面，“你认为村长祖父发现的那个金洞就在这个湖泊对面？”
Lei Mu looked at the lake, "Do you think that golden cave that the village chief's grandfather found is on the other side of this lake?" ”
“我不知道，但很有可能。村长爷爷说他祖父跟他父亲说他迷路，走了很多冤枉路，其中就曾提到一个巨大湖泊，但因为他没有泅渡的工具，也不敢就这么游过去，就绕路避开。”
"I don't know, but it's quite possible. The grandfather of the village chief said that his grandfather told his father that he had lost his way and had taken many wrong paths, including a huge lake, but because he did not have the means to swim across, he did not dare to swim over it, so he took a detour to avoid it. ”
雷木回忆，好像村长是提到了，村长当时说了很多，都比较零碎，也亏得小叶子能记得清楚。
Lei Mu recalled, it seems that the village chief mentioned it, and the village chief said a lot at the time, all of which were relatively fragmentary, and it was also a shame that Xiao Ye could remember it clearly.
“既然村长的祖父能绕路，也许有其他路通往那个金洞？”
"Since the village chief's grandfather can take a detour, maybe there are other roads leading to that golden cave?"
“不用绕路，我有办法渡过这个湖泊。”王叶一指洞顶，“我们从上面爬过去。”
"There's no need to take a detour, I have a way to cross this lake." Wang Ye pointed to the top of the cave, "Let's climb over from above." ”
雷木抬头，看到乱石嶙峋的顶部。 Lei Mu looked up and saw the top of the rocky rocks.
王叶兴致勃勃地道：“木木，我不是买了很多绳索和一些器具吗？现在可以拿出来了。”
Wang Ye said with great interest: "Mumu, didn't I buy a lot of ropes and some utensils?" Now you can take it out. ”
王叶马上要用的法子在上辈子被不少玩家使用过，那就是制作登山绳，利用荡跳的方式，沿着山壁，从这边一点点跳到湖泊对岸。
The method that Wang Ye is about to use has been used by many players in his previous life, that is, to make a mountaineering rope, and use the way of swinging and jumping, along the mountain wall, from this side to the other side of the lake.
如果他们有能飞的魔法工具，那就更简单，可以直接飞过去。
If they have a magic tool that can fly, it's even simpler, and they can fly straight over.
上辈子还有玩家自制大型载人气球，有些玩家拥有飞行技能，也能飞过去，总之渡湖的手段很多。
In the previous life, there were also players who made large manned balloons, and some players had flying skills and could fly over, in short, there were many means to cross the lake.
王叶也可以使用轻功沿着洞顶一段段跳过去，但洞顶没有多少可以攀附的地方，有绳子会更保险一些。
Wang Ye can also use light power to jump along the top of the cave for a while, but there is not much place to cling to the top of the cave, and it will be safer to have a rope.
雷木不需要绳子也可以徒手攀岩过去，但为了王叶的安全考虑，他还是拿出了绳索。
Lei Mu didn't need a rope to climb the rock with his bare hands, but for Wang Ye's safety, he still took out the rope.
王叶还拿出他在集市中买到的荧光粉抹在绳索上。这种荧光粉出自海中一种小型鱼类，这种鱼会在海洋中自发光芒，把它们的鱼骨磨成粉，就是天然的荧光粉。
Wang Ye also took out the phosphor he bought in the market and smeared it on the rope. This phosphor comes from a small fish in the sea, which spontaneously glows in the ocean and grinds their bones into powder, which is a natural phosphor.
“我先上，钉好绳索，你再跟着过来。” "I'll go up first, nail the rope, and then you will follow."
“好。我的轻功身法可以让我一次能冲出大约五六十米的距离。”
"Good. My light body technique allows me to reach a distance of about fifty or sixty meters at a time. ”
雷木有数了，他攀登山壁的速度极快，不到一会儿就爬到顶部，找了一个比较牢靠的地方，生生把铁钉钉入岩石中，绳子就从大铁钉尾部的吊环垂落。并固定住一个火把，负责照明。
Lei Mu had counted, he climbed the mountain wall very fast, and in a short time he climbed to the top, found a relatively stable place, and drove the iron nail into the rock, and the rope fell from the ring at the end of the big iron nail. and hold a torch in charge of lighting.
雷木继续往前进，前行大约五十米后，停下，再次钉下一个铁环，并垂下抹了荧光粉的绳索。然后再固定一个火把。
Raimu continued on his way, and after about fifty meters, he stopped, nailed an iron ring again, and hung down the rope smeared with phosphor. Then fix a torch again.
随后雷木对王叶招手。
王叶攀着绳子，很轻松地就爬到顶部，他抓着绳子在岩壁来回奔跑，摆荡借力，再用力往前跳出，跳到最高点时，手松开了绳索。
他甚至没怎么使用轻功，而是完全凭借身体的力量。他需要尽快适应“进化”后的身体，这正好是一个让他掌握自己身体的最好锻炼机会。
落下时，王叶准确地抓住了雷木挂下的第二根绳索。 As he fell, Wang Ye accurately grasped the second rope that Lei Mu had hung.
这种举动真的非常考验胆量，以及眼准手稳，否则一旦抓空，就会掉入下面的湖泊中。
This kind of move is really a test of courage and eye and hand, otherwise if you catch it empty, you will fall into the lake below.
不过王叶并不需要担心这点，因为雷木就在一边守着，如果他真的抓空，雷木会立刻用秘术和绳索缠住他，把他拉到身边。
However, Wang Ye didn't need to worry about this, because Lei Mu was guarding on the side, and if he really caught the air, Lei Mu would immediately entangle him with secret techniques and ropes and pull him to his side.
如此一通操作，两人顺利渡过这个危险的黑暗湖泊。 With this in one move, the two of them successfully crossed this dangerous dark lake.
期间，湖泊里的巨蛇似乎察觉到有东西进入它们的领域，但当它们从湖水里冒出头，却发现进来的东西在距离它们至少有三十多米高的洞顶蹿跃。
During this time, the giant snakes in the lake seemed to sense that something was entering their domain, but when they emerged from the lake, they found that the incoming thing was jumping on the top of the cave at least thirty meters high from them.
巨蛇们只能等在湖面，等待上面的东西自己掉下来。 The serpents could only wait on the surface of the lake, waiting for the things above to fall on their own.
结果等啊等，那两个食物一直没掉下来，最后一跳更是直接跳到了距离湖面有十米高的一个小平台上。
As a result, the two foods never fell, and the last jump was directly on a small platform ten meters high from the lake.
那小平台上有一条缝隙，那两个食物钻入那条缝隙就不出来了。
There was a gap in the small platform, and the two foods would not come out if they got into that gap.
巨蛇们无奈，只能纷纷又沉入水里，今天点心吃不成了，还是吃湖里的鱼吧。
The giant snakes had no choice but to sink into the water one after another, and they couldn't eat the snacks today, so let's eat the fish in the lake.
穿过岩石缝隙，就是一个连环溶洞，这些溶洞都不大，像雷木这样的身体，得弯着腰在里面走。
Through the crack in the rock, there is a chain of karst caves, these karst caves are not big, and a body like Lei Mu has to bend down and walk in it.
还好地面不算潮湿，两人走得还算平顺。 Fortunately, the ground was not wet, and the two walked smoothly.
就那么猝不及防的，两人一头钻入金洞。 was caught off guard, and the two of them went headlong into the golden hole.
王叶脸上出现愕然的表情。 A stunned expression appeared on Wang Ye's face.
他明明记得那个东西就在这个方向的这个洞穴里。 He remembered that the thing was in this cave in this direction.
但他记忆中的洞穴和他现在看到的完全不同。 But the cave he remembered was completely different from what he saw now.
他跟雷木说他是来找那个金洞，但实际上他压根就没指望马上就能找到这个洞。
He told Remu that he was looking for the Golden Cave, but he didn't expect to find it right away.
可现在，他记忆中的石洞消失，出现的是一个和村长祖父描述出来的金洞九成相似的洞穴。
But now, the stone cave in his memory disappeared, and a cave that was similar to the golden cave described by the village chief's grandfather appeared.
包括洞穴中那块能自己发光、形状方正的柱形石头。 Including the square-shaped pillar stone in the cave that glows on its own.
这块石头发出的光芒是那种青蒙蒙的光，这种光芒不算特别亮，但谁让这个山洞里裸露出来的全是近乎纯金的金矿石，两相一辉映，这洞穴就变得特别梦幻。
The light emitted by this stone is the kind of green light, this kind of light is not particularly bright, but whoever makes this cave bare is all gold ore that is almost pure gold, and the two phases are reflected together, this cave becomes particularly dreamy.
“这是真的金矿了吧？”雷木也不禁感叹。 "It's a real gold mine, isn't it?" Lei Mu couldn't help but sigh.
王叶摸了摸手边金色岩壁，很肯定地道：“就是金矿。”
Wang Ye touched the golden rock wall in his hand, and said with certainty: "It's a gold mine." ”
“我们这是找到了村长祖父说的那个金洞？” "We found the golden cave that the village chief's grandfather said?"
“应该就是了。”王叶郁闷无比，但还是走向正中间那块发光的石头。
"That's it." Wang Ye was extremely depressed, but he still walked towards the glowing stone in the middle.
难道他来的太早了吗？ Did he come too early?
还是他记错了方向？ Or did he remember the wrong direction?
雷木施展眼术，把整个洞穴扫了一遍又一遍，没看到任何生物和危险的非生物能量团。
Raymu cast his eye skills and swept the entire cavern over and over again, not seeing any living creatures or dangerous non-living energy masses.
只有洞穴中间那块石头在他眼中十分闪烁。 Only the stone in the middle of the cavern shimmered in his eyes.
虽然没有危险，雷木仍旧让王叶小心。 Although there was no danger, Lei Mu still told Wang Ye to be careful.
王叶也没放松警惕，他看到了石头凹陷正中聚集的液体，不算多，只有一小汪，但足够他把一枚聚水珠养成一枚灵水珠。
Wang Ye didn't let his guard down, he saw the liquid gathered in the middle of the stone depression, not much, only a small pool, but it was enough for him to cultivate a water bead into a spiritual water bead.
王叶抬头往上看，看到一个正在滴落钟乳石液的钟乳石。
Wang Ye looked up and saw a stalactite dripping with stalactite liquid.
出于谨慎，王叶还特地对液体施展了鉴定术，确定了其就是千年钟乳石液，而且这液体底层部分已经不止千年。如果不是下面的石头具有渗透作用，上面积存的钟乳石液会更多，年份长的也会更多。
Out of prudence, Wang Ye also specially performed an identification technique on the liquid, and determined that it was a thousand-year-old stalactite liquid, and the bottom part of the liquid was more than a thousand years. If it weren't for the osmotic effect of the stone below, there would be more stalactite liquid on the top, and more age.
可以说绝大部分的钟乳石液都用来养育下面那块石头了。
It can be said that most of the stalactite liquid is used to nourish the stone below.
总算不算没有一点收获，王叶暗想。 It's not like there's nothing to gain, Wang Ye thought secretly.
王叶出于对发光石头的好奇，就手按着它再次施展了一个鉴定术。
Out of curiosity about the luminous stone, Wang Ye pressed his hand on it and performed an identification technique again.
百科全书很快就浮现出一段文字：【光之玉，内部已产生光之玉心。天材地宝榜金榜第二十七位，光系法术者和自然系法术者的最爱，市场价值达到……】
The encyclopedia soon emerged with a text: [The Jade of Light, the Jade Heart of Light has been produced inside. Ranked 27th on the Gold List of Heavenly Materials and Earth Treasure List, the favorite of light spellers and natural spells, and the market value has reached ......]
王叶没把介绍看完，就要气炸了。 Wang Ye didn't finish reading the introduction, and he was about to explode.
这石头竟然是长出了玉心的光之玉！天材地宝榜金榜排名前三十的至宝！
This stone turned out to be the jade of light that grew a jade heart! The top 30 treasures on the gold list of heaven and earth!
这要是卖出去能卖多少钱？ How much will it sell if it is sold?
就算不卖，留给他和木头和师父修炼之用，那也是极好的。
Even if it is not sold, it is left for him and the wood and the master to cultivate, it is still excellent.
这种至宝根本就是可遇不可求。 This kind of treasure is simply hard to find.
可这是他在没有得到那枚超级赔钱的大坑货之前。 But this was before he didn't get that big money-losing bag.
王叶半点不觉得这是那枚金精灵石卵命不该绝，是那枚精灵蛋的机缘，他只觉得这枚精灵蛋在夺取他和木木的机缘。
Wang Ye didn't feel that this was the golden elf stone egg's fate, it was the fate of the elf egg, he only felt that this elf egg was taking away the opportunity between him and Mu Mu.
他甚至恶劣地想到，就是这枚精灵石卵影响了他的运气，让他本应该获得东西消失了，反而出现了对精灵石卵有好处的东西。
He even thought badly that it was this elf stone egg that affected his luck, making the things that he should have obtained disappear, and instead there were things that were good for the elf stone eggs.
“小叶子？”雷木发现王叶神情不对。 "Little leaf?" Lei Mu found that Wang Ye's expression was wrong.
王叶拉着脸，像是全天下都欠了他八千万的表情，说道：“这是光之玉，生出了玉心的光之玉。”
Wang Ye pulled his face, as if the whole world owed him 80 million, and said: "This is the jade of light, the jade of light that gave birth to the jade heart." ”
“哦。”雷木先没在意，但当光之玉心几个字在他嘴里过了一遍，他立刻反应过来：“这不是那枚精灵石卵的孵化材料之一吗？”
"Oh." Lei Mu didn't care about it first, but when the words of the Jade Heart of Light passed through his mouth, he immediately reacted: "Isn't this one of the hatching materials for that elf stone egg?" ”
王叶拉着晚娘脸孔，阴沉沉地：“嗯。” Wang Ye pulled the face of the late lady and said gloomily: "Hmm." ”
雷木再看小家伙的表情，明白了，要笑不笑地拍拍他的小肩膀：“运气不错。”
Lei Mu looked at the little guy's expression again, understood, and patted his little shoulder with a smile: "Good luck." ”
“日！”王叶爆脏话，被雷木敲了下脑袋。 "Day!" Wang Ye exploded into swear words and was knocked on the head by Lei Mu.
王叶瞬间黑化，恶意满满地说：“木木，你把那石卵拿出来，我饿了，干脆把它煮了吧，我还没吃过精灵蛋呢。”
Wang Ye instantly blackened, and said maliciously: "Mu Mu, you take out the stone egg, I'm hungry, just boil it, I haven't eaten the elf egg yet." ”
雷木又敲了他一下，“别胡闹，你想被精灵族追杀一辈子吗？”
Lei Mu knocked him again, "Don't mess around, do you want to be hunted down by the elves for the rest of your life?" ”
“怕他们？大不了我……”最后几个字王叶没吐出来，但那哼哼唧唧的样儿，明摆着告诉雷木，他很是不爽。
"Afraid of them? It's a big deal, I'm ......" Wang Ye didn't spit out the last few words, but the humming and chirping look clearly told Lei Mu that he was very unhappy.
雷木围着光之玉走了一圈，也叹息道：“可惜了，这么大一块光之玉，就是在拍卖会上也见不到，里面的玉心想必也不会小，这要是拿出去拍卖……”
Lei Mu walked around the jade of light, and sighed: "It's a pity, such a large piece of jade of light, even if you can't see it at the auction, the jade inside must not be small, if you take it out for auction, ......"
王叶按住心脏，痛心无比地道：“木木，别说了。” Wang Ye pressed his heart and said bitterly: "Mumu, don't say it." ”
雷木放声大笑。 Remu laughed out loud.
王叶被黑气笼罩了，他的大木头学坏了，竟然故意气他。
Wang Ye was shrouded in black qi, and his big wood was broken, so he deliberately angered him.
不管如何，他们既然已入宝山肯定不可能空手而回。 In any case, since they had entered Baoshan, it was definitely impossible for them to return empty-handed.
两人商量后，决定只取玉心和已经积累出来的钟乳石液，这块光之玉和上面的钟乳石仍旧留在原地，也许再过几百几千年，这光之玉还能再长出一块玉心。
After the two discussed, they decided to take only the jade heart and the stalactite liquid that had been accumulated, this piece of jade of light and the stalactites on it still remained in place, maybe in a few hundred or thousands of years, this jade of light could grow another jade heart.
这特殊的钟乳石液也不至于落到地上就此浪费。 This special stalactite liquid will not fall to the ground and be wasted.
而且经过王叶鉴定，光玉石上的钟乳石液之所以不是普通的钟乳石液，和光之玉本身也有一定关系。
Moreover, after Wang Ye's identification, the reason why the stalactite liquid on the light jade stone is not an ordinary stalactite liquid is also related to the light jade itself.
也就是说上面滴石液的钟乳石和下面的光之玉就是相辅相成的关系，缺一不可。
That is to say, the stalactites dripping stone liquid above and the jade of light below are complementary to each other, and both are indispensable.
光之玉并不算是很坚硬的玉料，雷木先把最上面一层光之玉，连同凹陷里面的千年钟乳石液一起小心切割下来，放入空间。
The jade of light is not a very hard jade, Lei Mu first carefully cut the top layer of jade of light, together with the thousand-year-old stalactite liquid inside the depression, and put it into the space.
之后，雷木施展眼术确定了玉心位置，正要下刀。 After that, Lei Mu used his eye technique to determine the location of the jade heart and was about to go under the knife.
“这是？”雷木眼睛盯住光之玉中间段，脸上露出疑惑神色。他的眼术让他看到了一大团能量中包裹着一小团更加耀眼的能量，但在这一小团耀眼能量中竟然还有一个更小的能量团，他刚才差点忽略过去。
"What is this?" Lei Mu's eyes were fixed on the middle of the Jade of Light, a puzzled look on his face. His eyesight allowed him to see a small group of more dazzling energy wrapped in a large mass of energy, but there was an even smaller group of energy in this small group of dazzling energy, which he had almost ignored just now.
王叶也看到了被切开的光之玉的柱心位置竟然有一小团阴影。
Wang Ye also saw that there was a small shadow at the center of the pillar of the jade of light that had been cut.
这可不是光之玉心，光之玉心的颜色应该更加纯粹和细润。
This is not the Jade Heart of Light, the color of the Jade Heart of Light should be more pure and delicate.
王叶心中一动，这阴影不会就是他要找的那东西吧？ Wang Ye's heart moved, this shadow couldn't be the thing he was looking for, right?
第65章 找到它了 Chapter 65: Found It
“木木，你能把这阴影最上层的玉心开出一个孔，让阴影显露出来，但刀尖不要碰到阴影吗？”王叶询问。
"Mumu, can you make a hole in the jade heart at the top of this shadow so that the shadow is revealed, but don't touch the shadow with the tip of the knife?" Wang Ye asked.
雷木先没动手：“你看出这是什么了吗？” Lei Mu didn't make a move: "Do you see what this is?" ”
伪装拥有真实之眼的王叶点头：“我有所猜测，但还需要确认。如果真是我想的那东西，可比精灵蛋什么的宝贵得多也有用得多。”
Wang Ye, who pretended to have a true eye, nodded: "I have a guess, but I still need to confirm it." If it's really what I want, it's much more precious and useful than an elf egg or something. ”
“哦？” "Oh?"
“不过这东西和寄生虫族有关，你挖的时候一定要小心，让它发出求救信号，惊动虫族就不好了。”
"But this thing is related to parasites, you must be careful when you dig, let it send a distress signal, it's not good to alarm the zerg."
和虫族有关，却比精灵蛋还珍贵？雷木眼中打出问号，却没再多问，而是更加小心地移动刀尖。
Something to do with the Zerg, but more precious than an elf egg? A question mark appeared in Lei Mu's eyes, but he didn't ask any more, but moved the tip of the knife more carefully.
他的手极稳，配合他的异术，很快就钻出一个比针尖略微大一点的孔，接近了那阴影的表面，却没有半点碰触到那阴影。
His hand was extremely steady, and with his magic skills, he quickly drilled a hole slightly larger than the tip of a needle, approaching the surface of the shadow, but not touching the shadow at all.
“这东西像是自己钻了进去。”雷木判断。 "This thing looks like it got into it on its own." Raimu judged.
初时，雷木以为这东西就跟被琥珀封住的小虫子，已经和琥珀结为一体，钻开孔后才发现这东西和玉心之间还有一层空隙，而且在玉心和这东西之间还有一层薄薄的液体。
At first, Lei Mu thought that this thing was like a small insect sealed in amber, and it had become one with amber, but after drilling the hole, he found that there was a gap between this thing and the jade heart, and there was a thin layer of liquid between the jade heart and this thing.
王叶凑近孔隙，用手指沾了一点刀尖带出的液体，鉴定后，与对精灵蛋完全不同的态度称赞道：“这玩意可真会找地方吃饭，这液体比光之玉表面凝结的那些千年钟乳石液还要补，是真正的光之玉心液，比玉心还要宝贵。”
Wang Ye approached the pores, dipped his fingers in a little liquid brought out by the tip of the knife, and after identification, he praised with a completely different attitude towards the elf egg: "This thing is really good at finding a place to eat, this liquid is more replenishing than those thousand-year-old stalactite liquid condensed on the surface of the jade of light, it is the real jade heart liquid of light, which is more precious than the jade heart." ”
“哦？这东西难道和精灵蛋一样，需要光之玉心孵化？”
"Oh? Could this thing, like an elven egg, need the Jade Heart of Light to hatch? ”
“不是孵化，是成长。”王叶手指尖在刀尖上轻轻一按，一滴血珠冒出。
"It's not incubation, it's growth." Wang Ye's fingertips pressed lightly on the tip of the knife, and a drop of blood came out.
王叶凑近那孔隙，挤出血珠滴入。 Wang Ye approached the pores and squeezed the blood beads in.
雷木一惊，“你做什么？” Thunderwood was taken aback, "What do you do?" ”
王叶看着血珠滑入孔隙，被那东西吸收，脸上这才露出笑容：“我在确认。”
Wang Ye watched the blood beads slide into the pores and be absorbed by the thing, and then a smile appeared on his face: "I'm confirming." ”
王叶闭上眼睛，似乎在和什么东西建立精神联系。 Wang Ye closed his eyes, as if he was establishing a spiritual connection with something.
过了大约三四分钟，王叶睁开眼睛，手指轻轻敲击光之玉表面。
After about three or four minutes, Wang Ye opened his eyes, and his fingers lightly tapped the surface of the jade of light.
原本像是镶嵌在光之玉心中的阴影突然蠕动起来。 The shadow that had been embedded in the Jade of Light heart suddenly wriggled.
“这是活物？” "Is this a living thing?"
“算是吧。”王叶期待地盯着光之玉石。 "Sort of." Wang Ye stared expectantly at the jade of light.
最上层最中间的玉心和光之玉石慢慢消失，像是被什么吞噬吸收了一般，那阴影也就此露出全貌。
The jade heart and the jade of light in the top and middle of the layer slowly disappeared, as if they had been swallowed and absorbed by something, and the shadow was revealed.
那是一个拇指肚大的八角形黑色石子，看起来十分精致可爱，还带着些微光泽。
It was an octagonal black stone the size of a thumb, which looked very delicate and cute, with a slight luster.
“真是贪吃，玉心里面的液体竟然都被它吸收光了。”王叶心中充满喜悦，伸手把那八角形黑色石子取出。
"It's really greedy, the liquid in the jade heart has been absorbed by it." Wang Ye's heart was full of joy, and he reached out and took out the octagonal black stone.
雷木莫名生出一种精灵蛋还没出生就已经变成后娘养的预感。
Lei Mu inexplicably gave birth to a premonition that an elf egg had become a stepmother before it was born.
“这到底是什么？”雷木太好奇了。 "What the hell is this?" Remu was too curious.
王叶特意对黑色石子施展了一个鉴定术——好让游戏系统明白他为何会知道这东西的详细，这才回答：“虫巢。”
Wang Ye deliberately performed an identification technique on the black stone - so that the game system could understand why he knew the details of this thing, and then replied: "Worm nest." ”
“虫巢？！”雷木惊，又奇怪：“虫巢怎么会这么小？”
"Hive?!" Lei Mu was shocked and strange: "How can the insect nest be so small?" ”
“因为这东西刚被生出来没多久。”王叶跟雷木要过刚才的锋利小刀，毫不犹豫地往自己手心划了一道口子，随后就把那枚八角形石子塞入伤口。
"Because it wasn't long after it was born." Wang Ye asked Lei Mu for the sharp knife just now, and without hesitation, he made a cut in the palm of his hand, and then stuffed the octagonal stone into the wound.
雷木阻止不及，“你怎么把虫巢塞入手心里了？” Lei Mu couldn't stop it, "Why did you stuff the worm hive into your palm?" ”
“这是认主的一部分，刚才滴血只是建立联系。现在把它纳入体内，它会在我体内和我一起成长，直到我真正地完全融合和吸收它。”王叶说得十分轻巧。
"It's part of confessing the Lord, and the blood just now is just to make a connection. Now incorporate it into my body and it will grow with me in my body until I truly fully merge and absorb it. Wang Ye said very lightly.
雷木深深皱起眉头：“这不是跟你说的寄生虫寄生活物的过程一样？”
Lei Mu frowned deeply: "Isn't this the same process as the parasite parasite you said?" ”
“是啊，我这是反寄生。”王叶看雷木担忧和不赞成的神情，忙安抚他：“你放心，我会珍惜自己的小命，没有把握的事我不会做。你不奇怪我们都把虫巢挖出来了，为什么还没有寄生虫找上门吗？”
"yes, I'm anti-parasitic." Wang Ye saw Lei Mu's worried and disapproving expression, and hurriedly comforted him: "Don't worry, I will cherish my little life, and I won't do anything that I am not sure of." Don't you wonder why we haven't found the worm nest yet, so why haven't we found the worm yet? ”
雷木也正奇怪这点。 Raimu was wondering about this, too.
王叶说出关键：“因为这个虫巢是被放弃的一个。” Wang Ye said the key: "Because this hive is the one that has been abandoned." ”
“被放弃的虫巢？” "The abandoned hive?"
“对。”王叶分出一半精神力和虫巢中残留的母虫精神力搏斗，一半留着跟雷木解释：“这种智慧型寄生虫的虫巢非常特殊，它是一种半生物，也是一种伴生物。”
"Yes." Wang Ye divided half of his spiritual power to fight with the remaining spiritual power of the mother insect in the hive, and half of it was kept to explain to Lei Mu: "The hive of this intelligent parasite is very special, it is a semi-living organism and a companion creature. ”
“说它是半生物，因为它具有活性，能成长，但没有自我意识。说它是伴生物，因为它往往伴随着虫王卵被虫母一同生出。”
"It's semi-living because it's alive, it grows, but it's not self-aware. It is said to be a companion because it is often born with the queen eggs of the mother worm. ”
“但是虫王卵生出来后并不是每一只卵都会孵化并成长为虫王，同样虫巢也不会每一个都获得培养机会。这就是一个和一颗不能孵化的虫王卵一起被废弃的虫巢。”
"But not every egg will hatch and grow into a king after the queen egg is born, and the hive will not get a chance to be cultured. This is a hive that has been abandoned along with a king egg that cannot hatch. ”
“这种被废弃的虫巢不会有虫卫守护，但也不会被寄生虫族完全放弃，虫卫们会按照虫母的命令，把这种废弃虫巢放入一个能量充足的地方，让它们自己慢慢成长，这种虫巢长大后有一定几率会替代损坏的主虫巢，但更多是被主虫巢当做养料吸收。”
"This kind of abandoned hive will not be guarded by insect guards, but it will not be completely abandoned by the parasitic insects, the insect guards will follow the orders of the insect mother, put this kind of abandoned insect hive into a place with sufficient energy, let them grow slowly, this kind of insect hive has a certain chance to replace the damaged main insect hive when it grows up, but it is more absorbed by the main insect hive as nutrients."
雷木有点懂了，“你是说寄生虫族有意把这个出生后被废弃的虫巢，丢在光之玉上，让它自己慢慢成长？”
Lei Mu understood a little, "Are you saying that the parasite Zerg deliberately threw this hive that was abandoned after birth on the Jade of Light and let it grow slowly on its own?" ”
“对。想要找到这么一个幼生状态、没有死亡、且还没有虫卫看守的虫巢可不是容易事。”王叶喜滋滋。他现在也想通了他看到两个不同洞穴的原因。
"Yes. It's not easy to find a hive that is so young, not dead, and not guarded by insect guards. "Wang Ye is happy. He also now figured out why he saw two different caves.
因为时间，他上辈子来刷囚犯岛副本，距离现在的时间点已经是十五年后，在这十五年中，这只虫巢很可能把这枚光之玉给啃干净了，包括上面的钟乳石，以及洞中金矿。
Because of the time, he came to brush the copy of Prisoner Island in his previous life, and it has been fifteen years since the current point in time, and in these fifteen years, this hive is likely to gnaw away this jade of light, including the stalactites on it, and the gold mine in the cave.
他当时看到虫巢没有收取，就是因为那时这个虫巢已经成长得很不错，被幼年虫王看中，派遣了虫卫过来收取这个虫巢，想把这个虫巢和王虫巢融合。
At that time, he saw that the worm hive was not collected, because the worm nest had grown very well at that time, and he was favored by the young insect king, and sent the insect guard to collect the worm nest, wanting to fuse this worm nest with the king worm nest.
他也是跟着虫卫过来才发现这个洞和成长中的虫巢。 It was only when he followed the insect guard that he discovered the hole and the growing hive.
而现在这枚虫巢才被放入这里没多久，还是幼生态，每天吸收的能量也不多。随着虫巢长大，它需要的能量才会越来越多。
And now this hive has only been put here for a long time, and it is still a young ecology, and it does not absorb much energy every day. As the hive grows, it needs more and more energy.
雷木又问：“那你吸收融合这个废弃虫巢有什么用处？”
Lei Mu asked again: "Then what is the use of you absorbing and fusing this abandoned hive?" ”
“用处可大了。”王叶笑得眉眼弯弯，是真心愉快：“虫巢是寄生虫族用来养育后代和生活的重要场所，是它们的家园、它们的战争堡垒。虫巢从初生状态开始，就拥有分间功能。比如储存食物的房间可以保证真空状况甚至让时间停止，养育后代的地方可调整温度湿度等等。”
"It's very useful." Wang Ye smiled with crooked eyebrows, and he was really happy: "The worm nest is an important place for the parasitic zerg to raise their offspring and live, their home, their war fortress. From the beginning of the nascent state, the hive has the function of compartmentalization. For example, the room where the food is stored can ensure that the vacuum condition can even stop time, the place where the offspring are raised can adjust the temperature and humidity, and so on. ”
雷木：“空间？” Remu: "Space? ”
“对！”王叶得意无比：“这可是成长型空间，你别看它现在小，只要养得好，未来还能变成虫房、堡垒乃至更大的存在。最美的是虫巢空间能存放活物，还能对空间内部进行分间调整。如果能把它彻底吸收融合，我不但能拥有一个隐藏在身体内的成长型次空间，说不定还能拥有空间异能。”
"Yes!" Wang Ye was extremely proud: "This is a growth space, don't look at it as small now, as long as it is well raised, it can become a worm house, a fortress and even a bigger existence in the future." The most beautiful thing is that the hive space can store living creatures, and the interior of the space can be adjusted in different ways. If I can absorb and fuse it thoroughly, I will not only have a growth subspace hidden in my body, but I may also be able to have spatial abilities. ”
王叶太高兴了，恨不得围着囚犯岛跑十圈。 Wang Ye was so happy that he couldn't wait to run ten laps around the prisoner island.
虫巢可是他上辈子特别想要谋夺却怎么都差了点运气的超级心头好，他在一个副本中偶尔了解到虫巢的好处，加上他师父对寄生虫族也十分有研究，两人就收集了许多关于虫巢的信息。
The hive is a super favorite who he particularly wanted to win in his previous life but was a little unlucky, he occasionally learned about the benefits of the hive in one dungeon, and his master is also very good at studying the parasitic zerg, so the two of them collected a lot of information about the hive.
他和师父共同推断，虫巢不止寄生虫族可以吸收融合，理论上其他生物也可以。但毕竟只是理论，而且他们一直没找到适合的虫巢，寄生虫族对虫巢看守很严，那是它们的大本营。
He and Master jointly deduced that the hive could not only be absorbed and fused by parasitic insects, but also other creatures theoretically. But after all, it's just a theory, and they haven't been able to find a suitable hive, and the parasitic bugs are very strict about the hive, which is their base camp.
同时他们也根据寄生虫族的习性，推断出虫巢最容易夺取和吸收的时期，就是刚出生没多久的时候。废弃虫巢没有虫卫看守，和虫母之间的精神联系也不强，和虫王更没有半点联系，更是夺取的目标首选。
At the same time, they also deduced from the habits of the parasitic insect tribe that the easiest time for the hive to capture and absorb is not long after birth. The abandoned insect hive is not guarded by insect guards, and the spiritual connection between it and the insect mother is not strong, and it has no connection with the insect king, and it is the first choice for the capture.
可惜，一旦某地爆发出寄生虫族的消息，基本上那里的寄生虫族已经形成规模，想要找到初生的虫巢基本不可能。
It's a pity that once the news of the parasitic tribe breaks out in a certain place, basically the parasitic tribe there has formed a scale, and it is basically impossible to find the newborn worm nest.
所以王叶才会发现隔壁就是囚犯岛后，心心念念要来这里跑一趟，就是想来这里碰碰运气，看能不能找到一个初生期的虫巢。
That's why Wang Ye found out that the prisoner island next door was next door, and he wanted to come here for a run, just to try his luck here and see if he could find a nascent hive.
正好他知道一个虫巢的下落，又提前这么多年进入游戏，那还能不来看看？
It just so happens that he knows the whereabouts of a worm hive, and he has entered the game so many years in advance, so can he still come and see it?
“我就说我的运气不应该那么糟糕。”王叶被精灵蛋造成的郁闷心情总算好了不少。
"I'll just say my luck shouldn't be that bad." Wang Ye's depressed mood caused by the elf egg finally improved a lot.
雷木也恭喜小孩的好运，随口问道：“虫巢谁都能吸收吗？”
Lei Mu also congratulated the child on his good luck and asked casually, "Can anyone absorb the worm nest?" ”
“呃，也不是。”王叶担心雷木对虫巢心动，也想吸收一个，忙道：“这玩意到底是寄生虫族的东西，就跟你之前说的一样，把这东西放入体内，其实就是一个被寄生的过程。”
"Well, it's not." Wang Ye was worried that Lei Mu was interested in the insect hive, and he also wanted to absorb one, so he hurriedly said: "This thing is a parasitic thing in the end, just like you said before, putting this thing into the body is actually a parasitic process." ”
“被寄生的过程不算痛苦，但如果你想反过来吸收融合虫巢，那过程就不舒服了，首先你得把虫母残留在虫巢中的精神力给消除，还得忍受住反寄生时的肉体和精神的双重痛苦。想想看，你要生生改造自己的身体，在原本没有空间异能的情况下，在自己身体中借用外物开辟出一个次空间。那得多难多痛？”
"The process of being parasitized is not painful, but if you want to absorb and fuse the hive in reverse, the process is uncomfortable, first of all, you have to eliminate the mental power left by the mother in the hive, and you have to endure the physical and mental pain of anti-parasitism. Think about it, you have to transform your body alive, borrowing foreign objects in your body to open up a sub-space when you don't have the ability to spatially. How hard and painful is that? ”
王叶拍拍自己，“我不一样，我是最好的实验体。我不怕疼，我的精神力也比一般人强大，而且我了解寄生虫，还拥有治疗自己的能力。换了其他人，结果就难言了。”
Wang Ye patted himself, "I'm different, I'm the best test subject." I'm not afraid of pain, my mental strength is stronger than the average person, and I know parasites and have the ability to heal myself. If you change to someone else, the result will be unspeakable. ”
更重要的是，他能模仿寄生虫族的精神力，让虫巢误以为他是同类，这才在吸收他血液后没做半点提防，也没有对虫母发出求救信号。
What's more, he was able to imitate the spiritual power of the parasitic insects, so that the insect hive mistakenly thought that he was the same kind, so he did not take the slightest caution after absorbing his blood, and did not send a distress signal to the insect mother.
等到他把虫母的精神力全部消除掉，他就不需要再模仿寄生虫族的精神力。
When he eliminated all the spiritual power of the worm mother, he no longer needed to imitate the spiritual power of the parasitic zerg.
王叶握住雷木的手，无比认真地道：“木木，如果没有把握，千万不要跟我学。否则一个弄不好，吸收融合虫巢不成，自己反而会变成虫巢的养料。”
Wang Ye held Lei Mu's hand and said very seriously: "Mu Mu, if you are not sure, don't learn from me." Otherwise, if one is not done well, the absorption and fusion of the hive will not be successful, and it will become the nourishment of the hive. ”
雷木揉揉小孩的头：“我没你的本事，可不打算融合虫巢，有个精灵空间就足够我消受了。你刚才说虫巢中有虫母的残留精神力，那你消除这份精神力时，会不会让虫母察觉？”
Lei Mu rubbed the child's head: "I don't have your skills, but I don't plan to fuse the hive, there is an elf space that is enough for me to accept." You just said that there is a residual spiritual power of the worm mother in the worm nest, so when you eliminate this spiritual power, will the worm mother be aware of it? ”
王叶摇头：“并不是每个废弃虫巢都能自然成长起来，因为虫巢和虫王相辅相成，当伴生的虫王卵死亡，留下的虫巢大多也会跟着死亡，真正能单个成长起来的废弃虫巢很少。加上我消磨虫母残留精神力的方法和其他人不同，虫母只会以为这个废弃虫巢自然死亡了。”
Wang Ye shook his head: "Not every abandoned insect nest can grow naturally, because the insect hive and the insect king complement each other, when the associated insect king eggs die, most of the insect nests left behind will also die, and there are very few abandoned insect nests that can really grow alone." In addition, my method of dissipating the residual mental power of the insect mother is different from others, and the insect mother will only think that this abandoned insect hive has died naturally. ”
雷木还是不太放心：“我们还是离开这里吧，以防虫母派虫子过来查看。”
Lei Mu was still not at ease: "Let's get out of here, in case the insect mother sends the bugs to check." ”
“好。”王叶跳起来：“木木，等会儿走。既然这里已经被虫族发现，这里的光之玉石和钟乳石，包括这些金矿石在内，就没必要留下了。”
"Okay." Wang Ye jumped up: "Mumu, wait a while." Now that this place has been discovered by the Zerg, there is no need to leave the jade and stalactites of light here, including these gold ores. ”
“钟乳石断根后还能分泌钟乳石液吗？”雷木仰头看。 "Can stalactites still secrete stalactite liquid after their roots are broken?" Remu looked up.
王叶也在想办法：“也许我可以把这洞内的所有东西原封不动地转移到虫巢中。钟乳石没了水源和特殊环境，恐怕无法再滴出钟乳石液，但如果我把灵水珠放在它上面呢？那是不是会滴下效果更好的钟乳灵液？”
Wang Ye is also thinking of a way: "Maybe I can transfer everything in this cave to the worm nest intact." Without a water source and a special environment, the stalactite will no longer be able to drip out of stalactite liquid, but what if I put a spiritual water bead on it? Does that drip a more effective stalactite elixir? ”
雷木眼睛也亮了：“可以吗？如果真可以，那就太好了。”
Lei Mu's eyes also lit up: "Is it okay?" If it really could, that would be great. ”
“试试吧。我也不知道行不行。”王叶感受刚被融入体内的虫巢，庆幸地道：“幸好我刚才命令它出来时，它把光之玉心液以及部分光之玉心给吃了。现在它体内含有相当庞大的能量，如果有虫王就可以引导它成长，而我现在就相当于它的虫王……”
"Try it. I don't know if it's going to work. Wang Ye felt the insect nest that had just been integrated into his body, and said happily: "Fortunately, when I ordered it to come out just now, it ate the Jade Heart of Light and part of the Jade Heart of Light. Now it has quite a lot of energy in its body, and if there is a worm king, it can guide it to grow, and I am now equivalent to its worm king......"
雷木下意识道：“看来这也是个吃货大户，想要培养它，也要花费不少天材地宝。”
Lei Mu subconsciously said: "It seems that this is also a big foodie, and if you want to cultivate it, it will cost you a lot of natural treasures." ”
王叶僵硬了，但很快他就自我安慰：成长型空间啊，培养出来就是自己的，怎么也比帮别人孵化精灵蛋划算嘛。
Wang Ye stiffened, but soon he comforted himself: The growth space, the cultivation is his own, how can it be more cost-effective than helping others hatch elf eggs.
王叶无视自己的心脏在滴血，静下心神和虫巢进行沟通。
Wang Ye ignored that his heart was dripping blood, and calmed down to communicate with the hive.
雷木看王叶进入一种玄妙状态，主动担任起警戒责任。他倒不是很担心小家伙，毕竟小家伙那么自信有把握。
Lei Mu saw that Wang Ye had entered a mysterious state, and took the initiative to take on the responsibility of vigilance. He wasn't too worried about the little guy, after all, the little guy was so confident and sure.
此时雷木还不知道王叶融合虫巢根本只是理论可行，他自己就是第一个实验体，今后他的身体和虫巢到底会有怎样的变化，就是神都不知道。
At this time, Lei Mu didn't know that Wang Ye's fusion of the hive was only theoretical, he himself was the first test subject, and what kind of changes would happen to his body and the hive in the future, even the gods didn't know.
第66章 初构虫巢、回地球 Chapter 66: The First Hive and Return to Earth
王叶把最后一丝母虫的精神力也吞噬干净，终于可以放出手脚来改造虫巢。
Wang Ye devoured the last trace of the female worm's spiritual power, and he could finally let go of his hands and feet to transform the insect nest.
虫巢进入他的手心，但并不存在于他的手心，而像是变成了他体内一个可以无限复生的细胞，更直接进入了他的基因组，变成了他基因的一部分。哪怕砍断他的手，虫巢依然存在于他的身体中。
The hive entered his palm, but it did not exist in his palm, but seemed to become a cell in his body that could be reborn indefinitely, and more directly entered his genome and became part of his genes. Even if his hand is cut off, the hive will still exist in his body.
这是王叶特意纵容的结果，否则一个外来物哪会这么容易侵入和改造他的基因。
This is the result of Wang Ye's deliberate connivance, otherwise how could a foreign object invade and modify his genes so easily.
说来也巧，正好他吸收了一枚虫蜜，这枚虫蜜正在缓慢改造和进化他的身体，而虫蜜恰好又是幼王虫的主要食物之一，当他纳入虫巢后，虫蜜也起到了一定迷惑作用，更能帮助他更好地融合虫巢。
Coincidentally, he just absorbed a worm honey, which is slowly transforming and evolving his body, and the worm honey happens to be one of the main foods of the young king worm, when he is included in the worm nest, the worm honey also plays a certain role in confusing him, and can help him better integrate the worm nest.
王叶已经和虫巢建立了初步联系，现在就是用自己真正的精神力来征服对方，彻底融合虫巢，让虫巢为他所用。
Wang Ye has already established a preliminary connection with the hive, and now he is using his true spiritual power to conquer the other party, completely fuse the hive, and let the hive be used by him.
虫巢发现精神力改变，忽然开始抗争，拒绝王叶和它建立联系，更抗拒王叶抢夺虫巢的控制权。
The hive found that his mental power had changed, and suddenly began to fight, refusing Wang Ye to establish contact with it, and even resisting Wang Ye from snatching control of the hive.
可虫巢没有意识，它只有本能，失去伴生的虫王卵以后，之前更多地是在接受虫母的指挥。现在虫母的精神力消失，它只是出于本能地拒绝非寄生虫族的生物占有它。
But the hive has no consciousness, it only has instinct, and after losing the associated king eggs, it was more under the command of the mother worm before. Now that the motherworm's psychic power is gone, it simply instinctively rejects the possession of non-parasitic Zerg creatures.
但王叶的精神力比一般初级玩家强得多，与虫母也许不能相比，但想要制服一个没有自己意识的虫巢还是绰绰有余。
However, Wang Ye's mental power is much stronger than that of ordinary junior players, and it may not be comparable to the worm mother, but it is still more than enough to subdue a worm hive without its own consciousness.
“你就是我的，你是我的一部分，我们就应该融合在一起。”王叶的精神力不断冲击虫巢。
"You are mine, you are a part of me, and we should merge together." Wang Ye's spiritual power continued to impact the insect nest.
虫巢本能反击，想要反过来融合王叶，把王叶变成它的养料。
The hive instinctively counterattacked, wanting to fuse the king leaf in turn and turn the king leaf into its nourishment.
雷木就看王叶忽然汗出如浆。 Lei Mu saw that Wang Ye suddenly sweated like pulp.
融合过程比王叶和雷木想的都长。 The fusion process took longer than Wang Ye and Lei Mu thought.
雷木一直担心会有虫卫过来查看，但可能王叶做得干净，虫母似乎半点没有察觉有人在夺取一个活着的虫巢，只当这个虫巢自然死亡了。
Lei Mu had been worried that the insect guards would come to check, but maybe Wang Ye had done a clean job, and the insect mother didn't seem to notice that someone was taking a living insect hive, only when the insect nest died naturally.
至于这个洞穴里的能量资源，就放在那里也不会消失，等幼虫王把现在的养料吸收完毕，再去收取那里的能量资源也不迟。
As for the energy resources in this cave, it will not disappear even if it is placed there, and it is not too late to collect the energy resources there when the larval king has absorbed the current nutrients.
王叶从站着融合虫巢，变成了躺着。 Wang Ye went from standing and fusing the hive to lying down.
更奇妙的是，他的身体表面竟然开始硬化，两天后整个人就硬化出了一层黑色的硬壳。
What's even more amazing is that the surface of his body actually began to harden, and two days later, the whole person hardened into a layer of black hard shell.
雷木不敢搬动王叶，更不敢叫醒他，只能耐着性子干等。
Lei Mu didn't dare to move Wang Ye, let alone wake him up, so he could only wait patiently.
四天过去，王叶还是没有苏醒。 Four days have passed, and Wang Ye still hasn't woken up.
雷木焦急，人不吃不喝四天时间，还是这么小的孩子，身体怎么能吃得消？
Lei Mu was anxious, people didn't eat or drink for four days, and he was still such a young child, how could his body be able to bear it?
他想给王叶喂食，但王叶身体表面全都被硬壳包裹，他连王叶的嘴巴在哪里都找不到，他也不敢强行打破硬壳。
He wanted to feed Wang Ye, but the surface of Wang Ye's body was all wrapped in a hard shell, and he couldn't even find Wang Ye's mouth anywhere, and he didn't dare to forcibly break the hard shell.
十天过去。 Ten days passed.
雷木用眼术扫看硬壳，发现能量团非常旺盛，没有半点快饥渴而死之人的衰弱感，淡定地拿出食水喂饱自己。
Lei Mu scanned the hard shell with his eye skills, and found that the energy mass was very vigorous, without the weakness of a person who was about to die of hunger and thirst, and calmly took out drinking water to feed himself.
幸好他们出发前，小叶子买了足够两人吃上一两年的食物和淡水，他当时还觉得买得太多，现在却觉得小叶子很有先见之明。
Fortunately, before they set off, Xiao Yezi bought enough food and fresh water for the two of them to eat for a year or two, he thought it was too much at the time, but now he thinks that Xiao Yezi is very prescient.
雷木不知道王叶什么时候能醒来，他利用空间里的东西在洞口做了一些伪装和布置，暂时就在这个金洞里生活起来。
Lei Mu didn't know when Wang Ye would wake up, he used the things in the space to make some disguises and arrangements at the entrance of the cave, and lived in this golden cave for the time being.
他也不敢走远去探索其他地方，就怕他不在的时候，王叶会被什么东西给叼走。
He didn't dare to go far to explore other places, for fear that when he was away, Wang Ye would be taken away by something.
第三十七天的晚上。 The evening of the thirty-seventh day.
雷木忽然听到了轻微的咔嚓声。 Suddenly Raimu heard a slight click.
雷木翻身坐起，盯向那层黑色硬壳。 Reimu rolled over and sat up, staring at the black hard shell.
咔嚓咔嚓声连续响起，那层硬壳瞬间全部碎裂。 The clatter sound sounded continuously, and the hard shell shattered in an instant.
里面露出一个连衣裤都全部消失的光屁屁小孩。 Inside, a bare-kid with all his jumpsuits gone.
雷木凑近看，看小孩胸腹起伏，脸色红润，身上没有任何伤口，像是睡着一样，总算放了点心。
Lei Mu looked closer, and saw that the child's chest and abdomen were undulating, his face was ruddy, and there were no wounds on his body, as if he was asleep, and finally put a snack.
不过小孩看起来似乎有些怪异？ But the kid seems a little weird?
雷木上下打量小孩多遍，终于发现小孩的怪异之处在哪里了。
Raimu looked the child up and down many times, and finally found out where the child's weirdness was.
王叶伸了个懒腰，缓慢睁开了眼睛。 Wang Ye stretched and slowly opened his eyes.
“你醒了，饿了吗？” "Are you awake, are you hungry?"
“饿！饿死我了！”王叶闻到鲜美的海鲜粥味，口水疯狂分泌，脸都顾不上洗，就已经扑到火堆边。
"Hungry! Starve me to death! Wang Ye smelled the delicious seafood porridge, his saliva secreted wildly, and he didn't even bother to wash his face, so he had already thrown himself into the fire.
雷木把海鲜粥盛了一碗出来，递给王叶，“慢慢吃，小心烫。”
Lei Mu took out a bowl of seafood porridge and handed it to Wang Ye, "Eat slowly, be careful of scalding." ”
王叶把整整一瓦罐的海鲜粥全部吃下肚还没吃饱，又夹着烤肉啃了足足两块大饼，被他吃掉的烤肉分量足有两斤重。
Wang Ye ate all the seafood porridge in the whole crockpot before he was full, and gnawed two flatbreads with the barbecue, and the amount of barbecue meat he ate weighed two catties.
雷木不让他再吃了，怕他肠胃受不了。 Lei Mu didn't let him eat it anymore, for fear that his stomach wouldn't be able to stand it.
王叶抹抹嘴：“我现在的肠胃就是金刚打造，吃硫酸都吃不坏。”
Wang Ye wiped his mouth: "My current stomach and intestines are made of King Kong, and I can't eat sulfuric acid." ”
雷木不知道硫酸是什么，但还是不给他吃，如果不是王叶看起来真饿得太厉害，他都不会让王叶吃烤肉和大饼，“再过两个小时再吃其他东西。”
Lei Mu didn't know what sulfuric acid was, but he still wouldn't give it to him, if it weren't for Wang Ye looking really hungry, he wouldn't let Wang Ye eat barbecue and flatbread, "Eat something else in another two hours." ”
“好吧。”王叶摸摸自己的胃部，没跟雷木说，现在让他吃多少他都能吃，这个虫巢就是个无底洞。
"Okay." Wang Ye touched his stomach, and didn't tell Lei Mu that he could eat as much as he was asked to eat now, this hive was a bottomless pit.
不，他不能后悔。就是无底洞，他也要养。 No, he can't regret it. Even if it is a bottomless pit, he also has to raise it.
王叶不去想无数寄生虫族一起努力培育一个虫巢，而他只有一个人的状况。他怕他这样想了，会生出把虫巢送还给虫族的冲动。咳，想送回也不可能了，虫巢已经被融合，想要再分离出来……谁能分离自己的部分基因？
Wang Ye didn't think about the situation of countless parasitic insects working together to cultivate a hive, and he only had one person. He was afraid that if he thought like this, he would have the urge to return the hive to the Zerg. Ahem, it's impossible to send it back, the hive has been fused, and I want to separate it again...... Who can isolate some of their own genes?
雷木扔了一套衣裤给王叶，“穿上，别遛鸟了。” Lei Mu threw a set of clothes and pants to Wang Ye, "Put them on, don't walk the birds." ”
王叶哈哈笑，接过衣裤鞋袜迅速套上。他把雷木当哥们看，他现在又还小，当着雷木的面光屁屁吃饭没有半点不好意思。
Wang Ye laughed, took his clothes, pants, shoes and socks and quickly put them on. He treats Lei Mu as a buddy, he is still young now, and he is not embarrassed to eat in front of Lei Mu's bare ass.
“你融合虫巢融合得怎样？” "How well did you fuse the hive?"
“现在这东西是我的伴生物了。”王叶得意洋洋，且因为融合虫巢的缘故，虫蜜发挥了最大作用，原本应该花两三年甚至更长时间的改造进化过程，现在已经提前结束。
"Now this thing is my companion." Wang Ye was triumphant, and because of the fusion of the insect nest, the insect honey played the greatest role, and the transformation and evolution process that should have taken two or three years or even longer has now ended early.
“你知道你融合花了多长时间吗？” "Do you know how long it took you to fuse?"
王叶眨眨眼睛，“多久？我融合时完全没有时间概念。”
Wang Ye blinked, "How long?" I had no concept of time at all when I fused. ”
“前后一共三十七天。”雷木没提半个字他这段时间等得有多么心焦。而且三十七天待在这样黑暗闭塞的洞穴中，又不能走得太远，比坐牢还像坐牢，心智不坚定的人疯掉都有可能。
"Thirty-seven days." Lei Mu didn't say a word, how anxious he was waiting during this time. Moreover, staying in such a dark and closed cave for thirty-seven days, and not being able to go too far, is more like going to prison than going to prison, and it is possible for people who are not firm in their minds to go crazy.
“三十七天啊，还好还好，只要不是三十七年就好。”王叶嬉皮笑脸，又蹭了蹭雷木，充满歉意地道：“木木，对不起，让你久等了。”
"Thirty-seven days, it's okay, it's okay, as long as it's not thirty-seven years." Wang Ye smiled hippiely, rubbed Lei Mu again, and said apologetically: "Mu Mu, I'm sorry for keeping you waiting." ”
王叶心里特别感动，可不是任何人都能在这种环境中守着一具不能挪动的身体等上三十七天。他的木木果然最好了！
Wang Ye was particularly moved in his heart, but not anyone could wait for thirty-seven days in this environment with an immovable body. His Mumu is really the best!
王叶同样没提这三十七天的融合过程有多么危险。 Wang Ye also didn't mention how dangerous the thirty-seven days of fusion was.
雷木不得不提醒他：“我没事。可精灵蛋孵化期只有三个月。”
Remu had to remind him, "I'm fine. But the hatching period of elf eggs is only three months. ”
王叶哼唧一声：“不还有两个月吗？” Wang Ye snorted: "Isn't there still two months?" ”
“你觉得我们能在两个月不到的时间内找到极阳金精、极寒铁精、灵液和生命之树树叶？哦，如果你能培育出灵水珠，也许灵液就不用找了，但还有三样。”
"Do you think we can find the Extreme Yang Gold Essence, the Extreme Cold Iron Essence, the Spiritual Liquid, and the Tree of Life leaves in less than two months? Oh, if you can cultivate the Spirit Water Bead, maybe you won't need to look for the Spirit Liquid, but there are three more things. ”
王叶耸肩：“这三样每一样都是天材地宝，别说三个月，就算是三年，找不到还是找不到。这些东西只能靠运气碰。”
Wang Ye shrugged: "Each of these three things is a treasure of heaven and earth, let alone three months, even if it is three years, if you can't find it, you can't find it." These things can only be met by luck. ”
王叶不想提让他赔钱的大坑货，迅速转变话题：“木木，我也有空间了，看我把这个洞里的东西都收起来。”
Wang Ye didn't want to mention the big pit that made him lose money, so he quickly changed the topic: "Mumu, I also have space, watch me put away all the things in this hole." ”
从现在开始，他要疯狂赚钱赚能量，蚊子腿都不会放过！
From now on, he wants to make crazy money and earn energy, and he won't let go of mosquito legs!
雷木也只是点到为止，避免小叶子真的对精灵蛋产生逆反心理，听王叶说他能收物了，立即摆出期待的模样。
Lei Mu only clicked to avoid Xiao Yezi really rebelling against the elf egg, and when he heard Wang Ye say that he could collect things, he immediately put on an expectant look.
王叶还跟雷木介绍了一下虫巢空间和其他空间的不同：“我的空间可以吞噬哦。”
Wang Ye also introduced to Lei Mu the difference between the hive space and other spaces: "My space can be devoured." ”
“吞噬？”雷木刚想问是怎么样的吞噬。 "Devouring?" Regi just wanted to ask what kind of devouring it was.
就见王叶手掌按住残留大半的光之玉石，那光之玉石突然就消失了，包括下面根部都出现了一个深洞。
I saw Wang Ye's palm pressing down on most of the remaining jade of light, and the jade of light suddenly disappeared, including a deep hole appeared at the root below.
王叶手掌落到附近地面，就以他的手掌为中心，地面的金矿石不断消失，裸露出黑灰色夹杂一点金色的岩石层。
Wang Ye's palm fell to the nearby ground, and with his palm as the center, the gold ore on the ground continued to disappear, revealing a black-gray rock layer mixed with a little gold.
顶部那可以滴出钟乳石液的钟乳石是最后消失的，整个洞穴从金光灿烂变成了黑漆漆，如果不是还有火堆的光芒，洞内就要变得伸手不见五指。
The stalactites at the top, which dripped, were the last to disappear, and the whole cave turned from golden to black, and if it weren't for the glow of the fire, the cave would have become invisible.
而且整个石洞的体积也扩大不少，内部就像是被人生生挖去了一圈。
Moreover, the volume of the entire stone cave has also expanded a lot, and the interior is like being dug up by life.
王叶收回手掌，眼里充满喜悦，他也没想到效果能这么好、这么顺利。
Wang Ye withdrew his palm, his eyes were full of joy, he didn't expect the effect to be so good and smooth.
雷木惊叹：“这可比普通空间厉害多了。” Lei Mu exclaimed: "This is much more powerful than ordinary space. ”
普通空间想要收取物品，物品必须无根，否则会极难收取。还有体积过大过重的物品，也不好收取，得看收取人的精神力和空间承受力。
If you want to collect items in a normal space, the items must have no roots, otherwise it will be extremely difficult to collect. There are also items that are too large and heavy, and it is not easy to collect, it depends on the mental strength and space tolerance of the person receiving it.
可王叶的虫巢空间却自带吞噬属性，竟然能把想要收取的部分直接给“吃”掉。
But Wang Ye's hive space has its own devouring attribute, and it can directly "eat" the part you want to collect.
这种收取物品的方式真的是太方便了，以后王叶想要采集药草，都不用直接采集，直接让虫巢吃掉那长着药草的土地就好。这样还能让药草继续生长，保持最大的新鲜度和完整度。
This way of collecting items is really too convenient, in the future, if Wang Ye wants to collect medicinal herbs, he doesn't need to collect them directly, just let the insect nest eat the land with medicinal herbs. This also allows the herb to continue to grow and maintain maximum freshness and integrity.
“虫巢还太小太初级，暂时还没办法调整内部环境，不过我隔出了一个生活区，一个储存区，生活区包含这个钟乳石灵液培养洞。”王叶最满意的就是生活区，他打算等会儿给雷木一个惊喜。
"The hive is still too small and rudimentary, and there is no way to adjust the internal environment for the time being, but I have separated a living area and a storage area, and the living area contains this stalactite spiritual liquid cultivation hole." Wang Ye was most satisfied with the living area, and he planned to surprise Lei Mu later.
雷木呢喃：“已经不小了。” Lei Mu muttered: "It's not small. ”
这个原本是个金洞的石洞有多大？平均高度两米多，最高处四米多，地面面积约有一百三十平，这还只是生活区的一部分，加上储存区，整个虫巢有多大？
How big is this stone cave, which was originally a golden cave? The average height is more than two meters, the highest point is more than four meters, and the ground area is about 130 square meters, which is only a part of the living area, plus the storage area, how big is the whole hive?
王叶见过虫王的虫巢，真心觉得他现在的虫巢好小好小。储存区现在还不能让时间停止，只能保鲜，目前容积只有六十个立方米。生活区去掉培养洞，他调整出来的也只有四十平左右，高度三米。
Wang Ye has seen the insect hive of the insect king, and really thinks that his current insect hive is so small and small. The storage area cannot be stopped at this time, only fresh, and currently has a volume of only 60 cubic meters. After removing the cultivation hole in the living area, he adjusted it to only about 40 square meters and a height of 3 meters.
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王成功收获废弃虫巢一个，有效降低了虫王巢的发展速度，特此奖励经验值五千点。】
[Congratulations to the player Xiao Wang next door for successfully harvesting an abandoned insect hive, which effectively reduces the development speed of the insect king's nest, and hereby rewards 5,000 experience points.] 】
【溶洞群探索完成20%。】 [20% complete exploration of the cave group.] 】
竟然还有经验值奖励？王叶大喜。这表示游戏系统认可他这种做法，并没有因为他反过来吸收虫巢，就把他算到寄生虫族那边。同时也证明他是真的成功融合了虫巢，否则系统不会恭喜他。
There's even an XP bonus? Wang Ye was overjoyed. This means that the game system approves of his approach, and does not count him as a parasite because he absorbs the hive in turn. At the same time, it also proves that he really succeeded in fusing the hive, otherwise the system would not congratulate him.
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到12806点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到五级。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, after deducting the experience points that have been used, the player's experience points have accumulated to 12806 points, meeting the upgrade conditions, and the game level has been upgraded to level 5. 】
总算又升了一级。 Finally went up another level.
这次寻找虫巢之心收获非常不错，就是融合虫巢花的时间太久。王叶想到他姑姑就有点坐不住了，他跟他姑说好三五天就回去一次，可这次都超过一个月了，也不知他姑担心成什么样。
The harvest of finding the heart of the hive this time is very good, but it takes too long to fuse the hive. Wang Ye couldn't sit still when he thought of his aunt, he told his aunt that he would go back once every three or five days, but this time it was more than a month, and he didn't know what his aunt was worried about.
“木木，你想出去见见光吗？”王叶同样担心雷木。 "Mumu, do you want to go out and meet the light?" Wang Ye was also worried about Lei Mu.
雷木没有拒绝，在地下时间待得太长，除非是地下种族，否则谁都会不舒服，“如果能上去的话。”
Lei Mu didn't refuse, staying underground for too long, unless it was an underground race, anyone would be uncomfortable, "If you can go up." ”
“能，我吸收了虫巢，能大概知道这里的通道，可以带你最快速度上去，等需要时，我们再下来。”王叶说了一个小谎。
"Yes, I've absorbed the hive, I can roughly know the passage here, I can take you up as quickly as possible, and when necessary, we will come down." Wang Ye told a little lie.
雷木虽然奇怪虫巢里竟然含有溶洞群的地图信息，但他对寄生虫族不了解，也就相信了王叶所说，“好，我们先上去，正好找找那对双胞胎兄弟。”
Although Lei Mu was surprised that the insect nest actually contained the map information of the cave group, he didn't know much about the parasitic Zerg, so he believed what Wang Ye said, "Okay, let's go up first, just to find the twin brothers." ”
“等到了地面，你先好好休息一下，我需要进入虫巢处理点事情。”王叶现在特别感激有了虫巢这个借口，以后他回去地球，就可以假借进入虫巢。
"When you get to the ground, you can get some rest first, I need to go into the hive and deal with something." Wang Ye is now very grateful for having the excuse of the insect hive, and when he returns to the earth in the future, he can enter the insect hive under the pretense of entering the insect hive.
“知道了。”雷木摸摸小孩的头，光溜溜的还挺有手感。
"Got it." Lei Mu touched the child's head, and it was quite smooth.
王叶直接感触到雷木手掌的温度，一秒过后，反应过来，一摸自己的头发，惨叫：“我的头发！”
Wang Ye directly felt the temperature of Lei Mu's palm, and after a second, he reacted, touched his hair, and screamed: "My hair!" ”
雷木忍笑，不止头发，小叶子的眉毛也没有了，现在整个人就是个光蛋。
Lei Mu smiled, not only the hair, but also Xiao Yezi's eyebrows were gone, and now the whole person was a bare egg.
王叶再嚎叫，他的头发和眉毛一时半会儿也长不回来。 Wang Ye howled again, and his hair and eyebrows couldn't grow back for a while.
如果不是太担心姑姑，王叶都不想回去地球了。 If he wasn't too worried about his aunt, Wang Ye wouldn't want to go back to Earth.
但他还是回去了。 But he went back anyway.
两人离开溶洞群，寻找上到地面的过程还算顺利。 The two of them left the cave group and searched for the process of going up to the surface.
他们全程避开了所有有威胁的存在，也没有去惊动寄生虫族，王叶只要找到地标物就能回忆起他曾经记下的副本地图。
They avoided all threatening beings the whole time, and they didn't alarm the parasites, and Wang Ye could recall the copy map he had written down as long as he found the landmark.
这对于六十级以后的玩家不算什么，那时候的玩家因为精神力提升，记忆力都相当强大，只要用心记忆，就能达到照相机效果。如果不是这样，地球玩家也不会在后来那么疯狂地涌入这个游戏。
This is nothing for players after level 60, at that time, because of the improvement of mental power, the memory is quite strong, as long as you memorize with your heart, you can achieve the camera effect. If it weren't for that, Earth players wouldn't have frantically flooded the game so much later.
科学家们更是认为这游戏是人类提升自己乃至打破进化桎梏的关键钥匙。
Scientists believe that this game is the key to human beings to improve themselves and even break the shackles of evolution.
人类的记忆力一直都是人类进化的关键，但成也萧何败萧何，因为寿命和衰老限制，一个人的记忆力再强，也无法记下一个体系的所有知识。
Human memory has always been the key to human evolution, but because of the limitations of lifespan and aging, no matter how strong a person's memory is, he cannot remember all the knowledge of a system.
而一个人的知识记忆也无法转移给另外一个人，每个人出生后都需要把知识从头学起，这就相当于一个重复过程，也相当于浪费了很多时间。
And one person's knowledge memory cannot be transferred to another person, everyone needs to learn knowledge from scratch after birth, which is equivalent to a repetitive process and a lot of wasted time.
所以科学家认为，当人类无法拓展生命的长度时，那么也许研究如何提高记忆力就是人类发展和进化的关键。
So scientists believe that when humans can't extend the length of their lives, then maybe studying how to improve memory is the key to human development and evolution.
于是，当这些科学家们发现一个游戏竟然能大幅提升人类的记忆力，哪还能坐得住？
So, when these scientists found that a game can greatly improve human memory, how can they still sit still?
王叶死时已经是游戏中最高等级九十九级，也许他的精神力和灵魂是一体的缘故，他重生后，他上辈子的精神力也跟了过来，并没有损耗太多。
When Wang Ye died, he was already the highest level ninety-nine in the game, maybe his spiritual power and soul were one, after he was reborn, the spiritual power of his previous life also followed, and he did not lose too much.
这也是他敢在初级就直面硬杠寄生虫族的依仗之一。 This is also one of the reasons why he dared to face the hard-bar parasitic Zerg at the beginning.
时隔三十八天，两人终于又见到了阳光，那一刻两人甚至不顾会不会被人发现，一起站在阳光下沐浴阳光。
After thirty-eight days, the two finally saw the sun again, and at that moment, the two even stood in the sun and bathed in the sun regardless of whether they would be discovered.
“这里是岛中心？”雷木很快收敛心神，观察周围，他没有看到海。
"This is the center of the island?" Remu quickly regained his mind and looked around, but he didn't see the sea.
王叶根据上辈子的记忆判断，“木木，你看那边，是不是很像村庄？”
Wang Ye judged based on the memories of his previous life, "Mumu, look over there, does it look like a village?" ”
雷木看向王叶手指的方向，就见稀疏的林木后面是一栋栋或简陋或坚固的房屋，在这些房屋四周还有成片的农田。
Lei Mu looked in the direction of Wang Ye's finger, and saw that behind the sparse trees were houses that were either simple or sturdy, and there were still patches of farmland around these houses.
而他们现在所站的地方是一座小山，山上有稀疏的林木，还能看到不少大小山洞，他们就是从其中一个山洞钻出。
And where they were now standing was a hill with sparse trees, and there were many large and small caves, from which they had emerged.
“那里是囚犯后代形成的村落？”雷木立刻想到章绘的话。
"Is that a village formed by the descendants of prisoners?" Reimu immediately thought of Zhang's words.
“应该就是了。”当年他过来刷副本时，这个村落还在，但部分房子变成了废墟，不像现在这么完整。
"That's it." When he came over to farm the dungeon, the village was still there, but some of the houses were in ruins, not as intact as they are now.
“木木，我进虫巢，大概要半天时间。你不用守着我，我进虫巢很安全。”
"Mumu, it will take me about half a day to enter the worm nest. You don't have to guard me, I'm safe in the hive. ”
“稍等，你既然要进虫巢，那就把这些也顺便拿过去。”雷木见王叶有了自己的空间，就想把王叶存放在他那里的东西都还给他。
"Wait a minute, since you're going into the hive, then take these by the way." Lei Mu saw that Wang Ye had his own space, so he wanted to return all the things that Wang Ye had stored with him to him.
王叶只拿了一半，药泥因为占地方更是没拿多少，美其名曰鸡蛋不能放在一个篮子里。
Wang Ye only took half of it, and the medicine mud didn't take much because it took up space, so he couldn't put his eggs in one basket.
“精灵蛋是不是也放在你那里？正好放在那块光之玉石上？”雷木问。
"Did the elf eggs have you there too? Just on that piece of jade of light? Raimu asked.
王叶黑着脸：“行，给我吧。” Wang Ye's face darkened: "Okay, give it to me." ”
他才不会现在就把精灵蛋放到光之玉石上，等他找齐了孵化材料再说吧。
He wouldn't put the elf egg on the jade of light now, and wait until he found all the hatching materials.
雷木找出精灵蛋，却发现这小东西竟然拿不出来了，当他要把精灵蛋强行拿出去时，这颗蛋竟然向他传来微薄的意识，抗议出去。
Lei Mu found the elf egg, but found that this little thing could not be taken out, and when he was about to forcibly take out the elf egg, the egg actually sent a meager consciousness to him and protested.
雷木心下感到古怪，跟小叶子说明了情况。 Lei Mu felt strange in his heart and explained the situation to Xiao Yezi.
王叶眉头竖起：“这东西想干嘛？还赖上你啦。管它愿不愿意，把它拿出来。”
Wang Ye's eyebrows furrowed: "What do you want to do with this thing?" It's up to you. Whether it wants it or not, take it out. ”
雷木：“……算了，挺可怜的，已经有意识了，它既然不想出来，那就在里面待着吧，也许这个精灵空间对孵化精灵蛋也有一定作用。”
Remu: "...... Forget it, it's pitiful, it's already conscious, since it doesn't want to come out, let's stay inside, maybe this elf space also has a certain effect on hatching elf eggs. ”
王叶冷哼，“敢情我们的机缘都成全了这颗蛋？” Wang Ye snorted coldly, "Dare to love our fate to fulfill this egg?" ”
雷木若有所思：“可能在我们得到精灵空间的最初，我们就已经和精灵族结下缘分，这世上有些事情真的很玄妙。”
Lei Mu pondered: "Maybe at the beginning of our acquisition of the elven space, we have already formed a fate with the elven race, and some things in this world are really mysterious. ”
比如他的情况，在别人看来也相当不可思议，是很多巧合才造成。
For example, his situation is quite incredible in the eyes of others, and it is caused by many coincidences.
他的好友，已经是药帅的闻笛曾经跟他说过，像他们这种存在虽然得到天地规则的允许勉强诞生了，但想要生存下来却异常困难，因为他们是异数。
His friend, Wen Di, who was already a medicine handsome, once told him that although an existence like them was barely allowed to be born by the rules of heaven and earth, it was extremely difficult for them to survive because they were outliers.
他们想要长大，途中必然会碰到种种磨难，夭折毁灭是常见事。
If they want to grow up, they will inevitably encounter all kinds of hardships along the way, and premature death and destruction are common things.
金精灵的情况虽然不像他这么糟糕，但精灵族属于半长生族，而按照生命周期越是漫长、就越不容易拥有后代这个普遍规则来看，精灵族想要诞育和孵化一个后代恐怕也是千难万难。
Although the situation of the golden elf is not as bad as his, the elf race belongs to the semi-immortal race, and according to the general rule that the longer the life cycle, the less likely it is to have offspring, it may be difficult for the elf race to give birth to and hatch a offspring.
想到这里，雷木生出了一点同类相惜之心，“就放我这儿吧，你把光之玉心给我一点，我先把我们已经有的孵化材料给它用上，说不定能有些作用。”
Thinking of this, Lei Mu felt a little sympathy, "Just let me go here, you give me a little bit of the Jade Heart of Light, and I'll use the hatching materials we already have for it first, maybe it can have some effect." ”
王叶虽然不愿意，但雷木都开口了，他再不情愿也不会拂雷木的意，就取出了一个鸡卵大的光之玉心，连同月光石和一小碗千年钟乳石液一起交给雷木。
Although Wang Ye was unwilling, Lei Mu spoke, no matter how reluctant he was, he would not be able to brush Lei Mu's will, so he took out a jade heart of light the size of a chicken egg, and handed it to Lei Mu along with a moonstone and a small bowl of thousand-year-old stalactite liquid.
“没有灵液，就暂时先用这个看看。”王叶不情愿地道。
"I don't have any Ilox, so I'll use this for now." Wang Ye said reluctantly.
“谢谢。” "Thank you."
“不用你替他道谢。那就是个蛋，还是精灵族，可不是你的谁。”王叶凶巴巴地道。他可不想来个谁抢走他在雷木心目中的地位。
"You don't need to thank him. That's an egg, it's still an elf, it's not yours. Wang Ye said fiercely. He didn't want someone to steal his place in Remu's heart.
雷木笑，感觉到小家伙满满的醋意，忍不住再次揉揉王叶的光溜溜脑袋：“我明白，这就是颗蛋，你才是我的小爸爸。”
Lei Mu smiled, feeling the little guy's full of vinegar, and couldn't help but rub Wang Ye's smooth head again: "I understand, this is an egg, you are my little father." ”
王叶点头：就是这样，我才是你最重要的。 Wang Ye nodded: That's it, I am the most important thing for you.
满怀醋意的王叶忍不住又重重抱了下雷木，确定他的存在和真实性，一边和系统搭话，要求回去地球。
Wang Ye, who was full of jealousy, couldn't help but hug Lei Mu again, confirming his existence and authenticity, and while talking to the system, he asked to go back to Earth.
【本次传送，传送玩家本人需消耗经验值一千点。其他附属物品是否也一同传送？】
[In this teleportation, the teleportation player himself needs to consume 1,000 experience points.] Are other accessory items also teleported? 】
“等等！不是50点吗？怎么突然变成那么多？”王叶不干了。
"Wait! Isn't it 50 points? How did it suddenly become so much? "Wang Ye is gone.
【经过检测，玩家本体能量增大，传送需要消耗更多能量，一千点经验值是合理值。这还是在玩家拥有元宇宙钥匙的基础上，否则需要的能量不会低于千万。】
[After testing, the player's main energy increases, and more energy is required for teleportation, and 1,000 experience points is a reasonable value.] This is still on the basis that players have the key to the metaverse, otherwise the energy required will not be less than 10 million. 】
千万……。王叶萎了，“其他附属物品是指哪些？” Million....... Wang Ye withered, "What are the other accessory items?" ”
【玩家身上的衣裤鞋袜。】 [Clothing, pants, shoes and socks on the player.] 】
“虫巢不包含在里面？” "The hive isn't included?"
【虫巢已经被玩家融合，成为玩家身体的一部分，不再另外计算。】
[The hive has been fused by the player and has become a part of the player's body, and is no longer counted separately.] 】
“虫巢内的物品是不是也不做计算？” "Are the items in the hive also counted?"
【是。】 [Yes.] 】
王叶当即把衣裤鞋袜全都脱了，塞到虫巢里面，这才跟系统说：“传送吧。”
Wang Ye immediately took off all his clothes, pants, shoes and socks, stuffed them into the hive, and then said to the system: "Teleport." ”
地球，钟山市。 Earth, Zhongshan City.
王沐这段时间去医院精神科跑了两趟。 Wang Mu went to the psychiatric department of the hospital twice during this time.
第一趟，她说得很含糊，只说她担心在外学习长期不归的侄子，担心到几乎快生出幻觉。
On the first trip, she said very vaguely, only saying that she was worried about her nephew, who had been studying abroad for a long time and had not returned, so worried that she was almost hallucinating.
医生安抚她，给她开了一些药，主要是针对幻视和幻听。
The doctor reassured her and prescribed her some medications, mainly for visual and auditory hallucinations.
王沐吃了，但她侄子还是没有回来。她开始分不清现实和虚幻，必须要回家看到和碰触到老王那具昏迷的身体，才敢确定之前发生的一切并不是她的想象。
Wang Mu ate it, but her nephew still didn't come back. She began to lose the distinction between reality and illusion, and had to go home to see and touch Lao Wang's unconscious body before she dared to be sure that what had happened before was not her imagination.
但她一直等不来王叶，就忍不住不断地想，王叶是不是已经被老王打死，之前她看到王叶的那些片段都只是她的幻想。
But she couldn't wait for Wang Ye to come, so she couldn't help but keep thinking about whether Wang Ye had been beaten to death by Lao Wang, and the clips she saw Wang Ye before were just her fantasies.
王沐第二次去了精神科，这次她跟医生坦白更多，说她怀疑侄子已经被他父亲打死，而她却看到了侄子，还看到侄子在她面前突然出现和消失。
Wang Mu went to the psychiatric department for the second time, and this time she confessed more to the doctor, saying that she suspected that her nephew had been beaten to death by his father, but she saw her nephew and saw his nephew suddenly appear and disappear in front of her.
医生听她这么说，就让她先去看看她侄子的墓地，不要抗拒。等看到墓地，就能明白她侄子到底是生是死。
When the doctor heard her say this, he told her to go and see her nephew's grave first, and not to resist. When she sees the cemetery, she can understand whether her nephew is alive or dead.
王沐说没有墓地，她不知道墓地在哪里，也完全没有侄子火化和埋葬的记忆。
Wang Mu said that there was no cemetery, she did not know where the cemetery was, and she had no memory of her nephew's cremation and burial.
医生认为王沐是受到了强烈打击，以至于忘了这一段，建议她去求助警方，查找侄子的墓地下落，
The doctor thought that Wang Mu was so strongly hit that she forgot about this paragraph, and suggested that she go to the police to find the whereabouts of her nephew's grave.
就在王沐真的打算求助警方来找王叶的墓地时，王叶给她打电话了。
Just when Wang Mu was really about to ask the police to find Wang Ye's grave, Wang Ye called her.
王沐当时不在家，正在往派出所走，但她走得犹豫，又怕她侄子是真的跟人学习去了。
Wang Mu was not at home at the time and was walking to the police station, but she hesitated to go, and she was afraid that her nephew would really learn from others.
王叶在家中出现，见她姑不在家，又看到茶几上的精神类药物，迅速找出老王的手机，充电给他姑打电话。
Wang Ye appeared at home, saw that her aunt was not at home, and saw the psychotropic drugs on the coffee table, quickly found Lao Wang's mobile phone, charged it and called his aunt.
王沐听到侄子的声音，眼泪都下来了：“你、你这个小混蛋！你还知道回来？这都多久了，我都以为……”
When Wang Mu heard his nephew's voice, tears fell: "You, you little bastard!" Do you still know to come back? How long has it been, I thought ......"
“姑，你在哪儿呢？我带了好东西给你，快点回来啦。”王叶故意打断她姑的话，极为欢快地喊道。
"Aunt, where are you? I've got something good for you, I'll be back soon. Wang Ye deliberately interrupted her aunt's words and shouted extremely happily.
王沐擦擦眼泪，听到侄子声音，她感觉自己头脑都清醒了不少：“好，我这就回来，你在家等我，不要走啊。”
Wang Mu wiped her tears, and when she heard her nephew's voice, she felt that her mind was a lot clearer: "Okay, I'll come back, you wait for me at home, don't leave." ”
“姑，你慢点，不要赶，我在家等你。” "Aunt, slow down, don't rush, I'll wait for you at home."
王叶挂上电话，从虫巢的金洞里抠出两块金子，又拿出海沟村送给他的两颗彩珠。
Wang Ye hung up the phone, pulled out two pieces of gold from the golden hole of the insect nest, and took out two colored beads given to him by Haigou Village.
拇指大的天然彩色海珠，形状又是浑圆，就算不上拍卖会，卖给珠宝店也能卖出至少十万的价。遇到喜欢彩珠的人，四五十万也不成问题。上拍卖会的话，配个离奇故事，百万以上也能拍出来。
The thumb-sized natural colored sea pearls, with their round shapes, can be sold to jewelry stores for at least 100,000 yuan even if they are not auctioned. When you meet people who like colored beads, four or five hundred thousand is not a problem. If you go to auction, with a bizarre story, you can also auction more than one million.
换言之，彩珠价格浮动比较大，王叶比较属意把彩珠放到拍卖会上去拍卖，因为拍卖会不但能拍出高价，也能给出权威的鉴定。
In other words, the price of colored beads fluctuates greatly, and Wang Ye prefers to put the colored beads at auction for auction, because the auction can not only auction high prices, but also give authoritative appraisals.
如果只是拿去卖给珠宝店，在没有鉴定书的情况下，很难卖出高价。
If you just sell it to a jewelry store, it will be difficult to sell it for a high price without an appraisal certificate.
更何况这彩珠来自游戏世界，那个世界拥有某种特殊的活性能量，这种活性能量无处不在，这两颗彩珠里自然也有。把这种彩珠做成首饰随身佩戴，对地球人身体自然有一定好处。
What's more, this colored bead comes from the game world, and that world has some kind of special active energy, which is everywhere, and these two colored beads naturally have it. Making this kind of colored beads into jewelry and wearing it with you is naturally good for the body of people on earth.
而这种活性能量更需要精细的检测才能鉴定出来，卖给珠宝店那就真的是宝珠蒙尘了。
And this kind of active energy needs to be carefully tested to identify, and if it is sold to a jewelry store, it will really be a jewel in the dust.
所以王叶还拿出了两块金子，他打算让她姑把金子随便找家靠谱的店卖掉，哪怕卖给典当行都行。彩珠则送到拍卖行，尽量拍出它们的应有价值。
So Wang Ye also took out two pieces of gold, and he planned to ask her aunt to sell the gold at any reliable store, even if it was sold to a pawn shop. The beads are sent to the auction house to try to get their fair value.
在王沐没有回来之前，王叶进去了一间朝北的小房间。 Before Wang Mu came back, Wang Ye entered a small room facing north.
这个房间的单人床上躺着变成植物人的老王。 On the single bed in this room lies the old king who has become a vegetative person.
老王竟然被照顾得不错，身上干干净净，就是很瘦，挂着营养点滴。
Lao Wang was taken care of well, his body was clean, but he was very thin, and he was hung with nutritional drips.
王叶撇嘴，他脑中想了无数种折磨老王的方法，毕竟老王的意识还在，他如果用针刺老王的身体、用开水烫老王，老王都能实实在在地感受到。
Wang Ye pouted, he thought of countless ways to torture Lao Wang, after all, Lao Wang's consciousness was still there, if he pricked Lao Wang's body with a needle and scalded Lao Wang with boiling water, Lao Wang could really feel it.
但王叶觉得做这些很没意思，显得他很low。 But Wang Ye felt that it was very boring to do this, and it seemed that he was very low.
他拿了一个水壶、一块抹布和一个不锈钢盆过来，把抹布的一段浸入装满水的水壶中，另一段垂在不锈钢盆上方。
He brought a kettle, a rag, and a stainless steel basin over, and dipped one section of the rag into the filled kettle, and the other hanging over the stainless steel basin.
不一会儿，浸湿的抹布就滴下水来。 After a while, the soaked rag was dripping.
“吧嗒。”水滴滴在不锈钢盆内，发出清脆的声响。 "Let's go." Water droplets drip into the stainless steel basin with a crisp sound.
“吧嗒，吧嗒……”
不间断的吵人滴水声在这个小房间内回荡，哪怕捂住耳朵，那声音都在往你脑子里钻。
“小叶子，你在家吗？”大门砰地被推开，他姑急切的声音从大门口传来。
“姑，我在，马上就出来。”王叶高声回复，带上门出去了。
"Auntie, I'm here, I'll come out right away." Wang Ye replied loudly and went out with the door.
下次，他会让老王尝受一下指甲刮黑板的美妙声音，就用手机录下来，放到他耳边不断回放好了。
Next time, he will let Lao Wang taste the beautiful sound of his nails scraping the blackboard, so he will record it with his mobile phone and put it in his ears and play it back continuously.
第67章 安排 Chapter 67: Arrangement
王沐一看到侄子就愣住了，“你的头发呢？眉毛呢？怎么变成光蛋了？”
Wang Mu was stunned when he saw his nephew, "Where's your hair?" What about eyebrows? How did you become a bare-eyed egg? ”
已经穿上全套衣裤鞋袜的王叶：“……姑，我这是练功练的。”
Wang Ye, who had already put on a full set of clothes, pants, shoes and socks: "...... Aunt, I'm practicing here. ”
王沐咕哝：“我就说我没病！我就是再有想象力，也想不到你会变成光蛋啊。”
Wang Mu muttered: "I'll just say I'm not sick!" No matter how imaginative I am, I never imagined that you would become a barehead. ”
王叶不想再听到光蛋这两个字，把他姑拉到茶几那儿，让她看。
Wang Ye didn't want to hear the word light egg anymore, so he pulled his aunt to the coffee table and let her see it.
王沐还唠叨不休，问他为什么过了这么长时间才回来。 Wang Mu also nagged endlessly, asking him why it took so long to come back.
王叶就说他练功不能断，师父也不让他离开，断了就白费了，直到练功有所小成，他师父才放他回来。
Wang Ye said that he couldn't stop practicing, and his master wouldn't let him leave, and if he did, it would be in vain, and his master didn't let him come back until he had a small success in practicing.
王沐的怒火和焦急这才逐渐平息，摸摸侄子的光脑袋，相信了他真的练功有所小成，没看脑袋和眉毛都练秃了吗？
Wang Mu's anger and anxiety gradually subsided, touching his nephew's bare head, believing that he really had a small success in practicing, didn't he see that his head and eyebrows were bald?
王沐目光落到茶几上，看到两块金疙瘩，疑惑道：“这是什么？金灿灿的怪好看的，但样子怎么这么不讲究？”
Wang Mu's eyes fell on the coffee table, saw two golden bumps, and wondered, "What is this?" The golden cancan is weird and good-looking, but why is it so unsophisticated? ”
不要怨王沐没见识，谁小老百姓看到家里多出两块拳头大的金疙瘩，能第一反应这是金子？尤其这还是小孩子拿回来的。就算心里很盼望这是，也不会真的认为就是。
Don't complain that Wang Mu doesn't know anything, who can the first reaction when the ordinary people see two fist-sized gold bumps at home? Especially since this is still brought back by children. Even if you wish it was, you wouldn't really think it was.
看，王叶跟他姑说“这是纯金金块，没有999，也有990”，王沐还不相信，以为侄子在跟她逗乐。
Look, Wang Ye said to his aunt, "This is a pure gold nugget, there is no 999, there is also 990", Wang Mu still didn't believe it, thinking that his nephew was amusing her.
“这不会是什么新型巧克力吧？金箔包着的？”王沐笑着去拿金疙瘩。
"It's not going to be a new type of chocolate, is it? Wrapped in gold leaf? Wang Mu smiled and went to get the golden pimple.
“哎呀，好重！”竟然一拿没有拿起来。 "Oops, it's heavy!" I didn't even pick it up.
拳头大的金块也不至于重到拿不起来，只是王沐是用拿巧克力球的力气去拿，自然拿不起来。
The fist-sized gold nugget is not so heavy that it can't be picked up, but Wang Mu uses the strength of holding a chocolate ball to pick it up, so naturally he can't pick it up.
王叶嘿嘿笑，“姑，这真是金子。一块大约有三斤多，按照现在的金价……”
Wang Ye smiled, "Aunt, this is really gold." A piece is about three catties, according to the current price of gold......"
王叶用手机上网搜索，“哇，现在最少也能卖到一克380，哪怕典当也能卖到320。我们按照典当价计算，三斤黄金大约能卖到48万。这里有两块，加起来约莫有七斤，太多了，咱家的金子没个明确来路，走正规路径反而不好卖，只能走黑市，黑市约莫280元一克，两块差不多能卖个一百万左右。”
Wang Ye searched on the Internet with his mobile phone, "Wow, now you can sell at least 380 grams of a gram, and even a pawn can sell for 320." According to the pawn price, three catties of gold can be sold for about 480,000. There are two pieces here, adding up to about seven catties, too much, our gold has no clear way to come, and it is not easy to sell it by taking the regular path, so you can only take the black market, the black market is about 280 yuan a gram, and the two pieces can be sold for about one million. ”
王沐扶着沙发坐下，她站不稳了。 Wang Mu sat down on the sofa, she couldn't stand steadily.
“你不哄我？”王沐拿起药瓶想吃药，总觉得自己还是产生了幻觉。
"You're not coaxing me?" Wang Mu picked up the medicine bottle and wanted to take the medicine, but he always felt that he still had hallucinations.
“不哄你，师父出门采药，遇到一个金矿洞，里面的金矿石很纯，他就随手捡了一些，知道我要回来看你，就随手给了我两块小的，说是安家费。”
"Don't coax you, the master went out to collect medicine, and came across a gold mine cave, the gold ore in it was very pure, so he picked up some casually, and knew that I was going to come back to see you, so he casually gave me two small ones, saying that it was a settling-in fee."
王叶一把把药瓶子夺过来扔进垃圾箱里，找矿泉水没找到，只好从热水瓶里倒出大半杯热水，往里面加了三滴钟乳石液：“姑，你喝这个。”
Wang Ye snatched the medicine bottle and threw it into the garbage can, looking for mineral water but couldn't find it, so he had to pour out half a cup of hot water from the hot water bottle and add three drops of stalactite liquid to it: "Aunt, you drink this." ”
王沐也不管她侄子给她加了什么，仰头就咕嘟嘟喝了半杯水。
Wang Mu didn't care what her nephew added to her, she raised her head and drank half a glass of water.
“姑，我让你用的药泥，你用了吗？”王沐查看王沐的肌肤状态，觉得整体气色要比以前好不少。
"Aunt, did you use the medicinal mud I asked you to use?" Wang Mu checked Wang Mu's skin condition and felt that the overall complexion was much better than before.
他姑的手变化最大，原本粗糙的手掌重新变得细嫩，脸上鱼尾纹也几乎看不见了。
His aunt's hand changed the most, the originally rough palm became delicate again, and the crow's feet on his face were almost invisible.
王沐点头：“用了。” Wang Mu nodded: "Yes." ”
说着她就笑起来，摸摸自己的脸说：“那药泥效果真好，别人看了都问我是不是碰到了什么好事情，看起来比以前年轻多了。对了，那刮下来的药泥我填种菜盆里了，你别说，用那药泥做基泥，那几盆小鸡毛菜都长得特别好，晚上我打鸡毛菜蛋汤给你吃，味道特别好。”
As she spoke, she laughed, touched her face and said, "The effect of that medicinal mud is so good, others have asked me if I have encountered anything good, and I look much younger than before." By the way, I filled the vegetable pot with the scraped medicinal mud, don't you say, use the medicinal mud as the base mud, those pots of chicken hair vegetables grow very well, and I beat the chicken hair vegetable egg soup for you to eat at night, which tastes very good. ”
姑侄两人就唠起了家常。 The aunt and nephew chatted about homely things.
王叶从他姑口中了解到，他姑已经辞了临时环卫工的工作，申请了一个早点摊子，因为她情况特殊，区政府不让她在学校门口卖，但允许她在菜场和地铁站附近摆早点摊。
Wang Ye learned from his aunt that her aunt had quit her job as a temporary sanitation worker and applied for a breakfast stall, because she was in a special situation, and the district government did not let her sell it in front of the school, but allowed her to set up a breakfast stall near the vegetable market and subway station.
不过早点摊到了八点必须撤离。 However, it was early and had to be evacuated at eight o'clock.
他姑为了多赚点钱，不但早上卖早点，还想再找份保洁一类的钟点工做。
In order to make more money, his aunt not only sells breakfast in the morning, but also wants to find a part-time job such as cleaning.
但因为她现在刚开始做早点生意，又只有一个人忙碌，初期颇有些手忙脚乱，暂时没顾得上去找钟点工的活。
But because she has just started to do breakfast business now, and there is only one person busy, she was quite busy at the beginning, and she didn't care about finding a part-time job for the time being.
“我找了人照顾那个人渣，一天来一次，给他翻身和换点滴。那费用还挺贵，我已经跟那个护工学习怎么换点滴，我打算以后自己来。”王沐说。
"I found someone to take care of that scumbag, come once a day, turn him over and change the drip. That's quite expensive, I've already learned how to change the drip from the nurse, and I plan to come by myself in the future. Wang Mu said.
王叶摇头，他把老王弄成这个样子，可不是为了拖累他姑姑，“姑，把老王送到临终关怀医院，我们交笔费用就不用再管他。”
Wang Ye shook his head, he made Lao Wang look like this, but he didn't want to drag down his aunt, "Aunt, send Lao Wang to the hospice, and we don't have to worry about him if we pay the fee." ”
“人家肯收吗？听说很多医院都不肯收植物人，要么就费用特别贵。”
"Will people take it? I heard that many hospitals refuse to accept vegetative people, or the cost is very expensive. ”
“我记得有那种植物人托管医院，要么就托付给养老院。有些私人养老院，只要来历清楚，病情清晰，不涉及犯罪，交足费用，什么人他们都收。”
"I remember having that kind of vegetative care hospital or entrusting it to a nursing home. In some private nursing homes, as long as the origin is clear, the condition is clear, there is no crime involved, and the fee is paid, they will charge anyone. ”
王沐节省习惯了，犹豫道：“还是把人放在家里吧，等我学会扎针，就我来照顾他，还省钱。”
Wang Mu got used to it, and hesitated: "It's better to put people at home, and when I learn to prick needles, I'll take care of him and save money." ”
“不用。”王叶迅速给王沐算了笔账：“姑，你想啊，你以为你节省了每月四五千块的费用，但实际上你每天要花费好几个小时在老王身上，你要给他更衣洗衣换尿袋，除了打点滴，还得给插胃管，给他弄他专门吃的食物也花时间，还得经常给他翻身防止褥疮，否则他一身屎尿的臭味和褥疮的腐烂味，这家里也待不下去。”
"No, you don't." Wang Ye quickly calculated the account for Wang Mu: "Aunt, you think, you think you have saved four or five thousand yuan a month, but in fact, you have to spend several hours a day on Lao Wang, you have to change his clothes, laundry and change diapers, in addition to dripping, you also have to intubate a gastric tube, and it takes time to get him the food he eats, and you have to turn him over often to prevent bedsores, otherwise he will not be able to stay in this house because of the smell of feces and urine and the rotten smell of bedsores." ”
“你把这时间节省下来，干什么不行？就算你节省下来的时间只能赚四五千块，可你轻松啦，也不用面对那个人渣。”
"Why can't you save this time? Even if you can only earn four or five thousand yuan in the time you save, you can relax, and you don't have to face that scumbag. ”
王沐知道这个道理，但一想到他们还要每个月在老王身上花费四五千块，她就心疼无比，她和小叶子两个人加起来的生活费都没这么多，凭什么他们要辛苦赚钱让老王享受？
Wang Mu knew this truth, but when she thought that they would have to spend four or five thousand yuan on Lao Wang every month, she was extremely distressed, she and Xiao Yezi didn't have so much living expenses combined, why did they have to work hard to make money for Lao Wang to enjoy?
王叶看他姑绕不过弯儿，眼珠一转：“姑，如果你不介意名声，不怕看人的冷眼，那么还有一种方法，可以摆脱老王，又能让我们不花一分钱。”
Wang Ye saw that his aunt couldn't go around the corner, and his eyes rolled: "Aunt, if you don't mind fame and are not afraid of looking at people's cold eyes, then there is another way to get rid of Lao Wang, and let us not spend a penny." ”
王沐立刻问：“什么方法？杀了他吗？我去买点耗子药回来，去乡下买。”
Wang Mu immediately asked, "What method?" Kill him? I'm going to buy some rat medicine and come back, and I'm going to the countryside to buy it. ”
“别。姑，那人渣不值得脏了我们的手。”王叶啼笑皆非，他如果想要毒死老王，凭借他的药学知识，老王死了也是一个正常病理性死亡。
"Don't. Aunt, that scum doesn't deserve to dirty our hands. Wang Ye laughed, if he wanted to poison Lao Wang, with his knowledge of pharmacy, Lao Wang's death was also a normal pathological death.
“姑，有些研究机构缺少研究大体，不是死人，而是希望活人，尤其是神经科，他们很需要大量植物人进行脑神经研究，但不是每个家庭都愿意把自家人送去给人随便研究。我们可以把老王送给这种研究组织。”
"Well, some research institutions lack research in general, not dead people, but hope for living people, especially neurology, they need a large number of vegetative people for cranial nerve research, but not every family is willing to send their own family members to people for casual research. We can send Lao Wang to this kind of research organization. ”
王沐定定看了侄子好一会儿。 Wang Muding looked at his nephew for a while.
王叶还以为他姑会嫌弃和恐惧他小小年纪就如此心狠心黑，但他说出来就不会后悔，他没用更残忍的方法折磨老王，都已经是他姑和他师父给他养出的那点“人性”在支撑。
Wang Ye thought that his aunt would dislike and fear that he was so ruthless and black-hearted at a young age, but he wouldn't regret it when he said it, he didn't torture Lao Wang in a more cruel way, it was already supported by the little "humanity" that his aunt and his master raised for him.
王沐忽然一把搂住侄子，红着眼睛呜咽道：“都是姑姑没用，让你小小年纪就要想这么多。把老王送到那种地方都是便宜他，如果人研究所给他治好了怎么办？老王醒来肯定会缠上我们，他是你父亲，只要他活着，你就得给他养老。”
Wang Mu suddenly hugged his nephew, whimpered with red eyes: "It's all my aunt who is useless, let you think so much at a young age." It's cheap to send Lao Wang to that kind of place, what if the Institute of People cures him? Lao Wang will definitely pester us when he wakes up, he is your father, as long as he lives, you have to provide for him. ”
“姑，不会那么容易治好，就算治好了，他也可能再复发。”王叶轻轻拍抚姑姑的背。
"Aunt, it won't be so easy to cure, and even if it is cured, he may relapse." Wang Ye gently patted her aunt's back.
王沐一抹眼泪，放开侄子，平静地道：“不用送他去研究所，就送他去养老院。”
Wang Mu wiped his tears, let go of his nephew, and said calmly: "You don't need to send him to the research institute, just send him to a nursing home." ”
“姑，你这样想就对了，咱家现在不差这点钱。想想看，老王就这么躺着，能省多少事？我宁可花钱让他这样躺一辈子。”
"Aunt, you're right to think so, our family is not short of this amount of money now. Think about it, how much trouble can Lao Wang save by lying like this? I'd rather pay him to lie like this for the rest of his life. ”
王叶其实更青睐于把老王送到研究所，但这种行为对他姑名声有碍，别人不会想到这是一个小孩出的主意，只会认为是成年人的王沐做下的决定。
Wang Ye actually prefers to send Lao Wang to the research institute, but this kind of behavior is detrimental to his aunt's reputation, others will not think that this is a child's idea, they will only think that it is an adult's Wang Mu made a decision.
王叶既然不愿让他姑手沾鲜血，自然也不愿意她的名声因为老王这个人渣出现污点，所以他宁可花钱把老王送去养老院。再说就老王那个身体，能活几年？
Since Wang Ye didn't want his aunt to stain his hands with blood, he naturally didn't want her reputation to be tainted because of Lao Wang, a scumbag, so he would rather spend money to send Lao Wang to a nursing home. Besides, how many years can Lao Wang's body live?
王叶看王沐精神很不稳定，不想再留着老王刺激她，趁着现在还是上午，当即从网上找到几家养老院，一一打电话过去询问，终于问到一家愿意收留植物人的。
Wang Ye saw that Wang Mu was very mentally unstable, and didn't want to keep Lao Wang to stimulate her, so while it was still morning, he immediately found several nursing homes from the Internet, called them one by one to ask, and finally asked a family that was willing to take in vegetative people.
王叶就陪他姑跑了一趟，没忘戴上帽子遮住他的光脑袋，他还用他姑的眉笔给自己画了两条眉毛，逗得他姑直笑。
Wang Ye ran away with his aunt, and did not forget to put on a hat to cover his bare head, and he also used his aunt's eyebrow pencil to draw two eyebrows for himself, which made his aunt laugh.
王叶就当自己彩衣娱亲了。 Wang Ye treated himself as a wedding in colorful clothes.
所有手续办理齐全，一个月五千，全托，钱先交了半年的份。
All the formalities are complete, five thousand a month, all trusted, and the money is paid for half a year.
王叶又让他姑付了两百块的加急费，当天中午之前那家养老院就派车过来把老王拉走，王沐跟车回来又跟车去了养老院。
Wang Ye asked his aunt to pay an expedited fee of 200 yuan, and before noon that day, the nursing home sent a car to pull Lao Wang away, and Wang Mu came back with the car and went to the nursing home with the car.
到了养老院，那边护工自然要问问老王怎么变成植物人的，平时照顾需要注意些什么。
When I arrived at the nursing home, the nurse over there naturally asked Lao Wang how he became a vegetative person and what he needed to pay attention to in his usual care.
王沐就和护工以及帮忙的工作人员好好聊了聊。话没说到一半，养老院工作人员看老王的眼神就充满了鄙夷和愤慨，要不是还有点工作素养，恶有恶报都要张口说出来。
Wang Mu had a good chat with the nurses and the staff who helped. Before he was halfway through the words, the nursing home staff's eyes were full of disdain and indignation when they looked at Lao Wang.
王叶没再跟过去，而是跟他姑拿了两万块，说要给他师父买礼物。
Wang Ye didn't follow him again, but took 20,000 yuan from his aunt and said that he wanted to buy a gift for his master.
王沐二话不说就给了。 Wang Mu gave it without saying a word.
王叶跑了一趟超市和几家五金店，采购了不少东西塞到背包里，实际都被他转移到虫巢空间中。
Wang Ye went to the supermarket and several hardware stores, purchased a lot of things and stuffed them into his backpack, but they were actually transferred to the hive space by him.
一想到他可以借由虫巢空间偷渡各种东西而不用付一个子的经验值，王叶就爽歪歪。
The thought that he could use the hive space to smuggle all kinds of things without paying a single experience point made Wang Ye feel crooked.
不，其实他已经付了，原本往返只要一百点，现在往返要付两千点。
No, in fact, he has already paid, originally it was only 100 points for a round trip, but now it costs 2,000 points for a round trip.
为了把多出来的1900点经验值都给赚回来，王叶恨不得把虫巢空间塞满。
In order to earn back the extra 1,900 experience points, Wang Ye couldn't wait to fill the hive space.
首先买了两顶帽子和一支眉笔，想买假眉毛没买到，上网买还得等几天。
First of all, I bought two hats and an eyebrow pencil, but I didn't buy fake eyebrows, and I had to wait a few days to buy them online.
面粉、大米、糯米、小米、各种豆类…… Flour, rice, glutinous rice, millet, various legumes......
面包、蛋糕、方便面、馒头、花卷、包子、萨其马…… Bread, cakes, instant noodles, steamed buns, flower rolls, steamed buns, sakima......
巧克力、奶糖、各种零嘴…… Chocolate, toffee, snacks and ......
卤牛肉、卤猪蹄、盐水鸭、凉拌什锦菜…… Braised beef, braised pig's trotters, salted duck, cold salad and assorted vegetables......
王叶想买的食物太多，但空间有限，只能转战其他更需要的东西。
Wang Ye wanted to buy too much food, but the space was limited, so he could only move to other things that were more needed.
比如蜡烛、打火机、以及最重要的卫生纸和餐巾纸，这些东西都是几十包的买。
For example, candles, lighters, and most importantly, toilet paper and napkins, these things are bought in dozens of packs.
另外还有防湿地垫、厚实的硬海绵床垫、棉被、枕头、床上四件套、一打内裤和一打袜子、几套换洗衣裤、六双厚实的海绵鞋垫、轻便的雨衣和可以防护到胸部的连体雨靴下水裤……
There are also wet mats, thick hard sponge mattresses, quilts, pillows, a four-piece bed set, a dozen underpants and a dozen socks, a couple of change of clothes pants, six pairs of thick sponge insoles, a lightweight raincoat and one-piece rain boot bottoms that protect the chest......
书写工具、美工刀、风油精、削皮器、菜刀、剁骨刀、斧头、锤子、凿子、铁镐、锯子、狼眼手电、矿灯帽、游泳裤、防水眼镜……
Writing instruments, utility knives, wind oil essence, peelers, kitchen knives, bone chopping knives, axes, hammers, chisels, iron picks, saws, wolf's eye flashlights, miner's lamp caps, swimming trunks, waterproof glasses......
还有一套大小不同的不锈钢锅和两个炒菜锅。 There is also a set of stainless steel pots of different sizes and two wok pans.
最后王叶还硬塞了两个煤气罐和一个煤气灶。 In the end, Wang Ye also forced two gas canisters and a gas stove.
两万块很快就花得一干二净。 The 20,000 yuan was quickly spent.
王叶不怕这些东西带到游戏中会被发现不对，因为玩家们绝对会以为这就是游戏的设定，而游戏世界的土著们则会以为这是蓝星群岛人的家乡特产。
Wang Ye is not afraid that these things will be found to be wrong when they are brought to the game, because players will definitely think that this is the setting of the game, and the natives of the game world will think that this is the hometown specialty of the people of the Blue Star Islands.
当然，初期王叶会使用得很小心，尽量不会让别人看见，就算拿出来用也会做些伪装。如果实在伪装不过去，他就说这些是蓝星群岛特产的魔改作品，看起来像是蓝星特产，其实都是魔器。
Of course, in the early stage, Wang Ye will be used very carefully, trying not to be seen by others, and even if he takes it out and uses it, he will make some disguises. If he really can't disguise it, he said that these are magic works that are special products of the Blue Star Islands, and they look like Blue Star specialties, but they are actually magic weapons.
而这种事并不是没有，相反很多。不少学了魔法，并喜欢炼器和炼金的玩家，就喜欢参照地球的现有物品，然后设计发明相关的魔法器具。
And this kind of thing is not nothing, on the contrary, there are many of them. Many players who have learned magic and like alchemy and alchemy like to refer to the existing items on the earth and then design and invent related magic tools.
等到以后有玩家在游戏世界开设作坊甚至厂房，这些东西就更可以光明正大地使用。
When players open workshops or even factories in the game world in the future, these things can be used more openly.
王沐从养老院回来，整个人像是放下了一个巨大包袱，抱着王叶半晌没说话，只默默流泪。
When Wang Mu came back from the nursing home, the whole person seemed to have let go of a huge burden, hugged Wang Ye for a long time and didn't speak, only crying silently.
王叶也默默地陪伴她，等王沐哭够了，才跟她说：“姑，你去把金子兑换了，不要一次性兑换太多，就分散开来，多跑一些地方，如果一次换不完也不要急。”
Wang Ye also accompanied her silently, and waited until Wang Mu had cried enough before telling her: "Aunt, you go and exchange the gold, don't exchange too much at once, just scatter, run more places, don't worry if you can't change it all at once." ”
王沐眼睛浮肿，精神却非常好，她突然道：“不用卖金子。”
Wang Mu's eyes were swollen, but her spirit was very good, and she suddenly said, "You don't need to sell gold." ”
“嗯？” "Huh?"
王沐露出微笑，摸摸侄子的光脑袋：“你知道姑姑以前上学时学的是什么吗？”
Wang Mu smiled and touched his nephew's bare head: "Do you know what my aunt learned when she used to go to school?" ”
王叶还真不知道。 Wang Ye really didn't know.
王沐笑：“是首饰设计。” Wang Mu smiled: "It's jewelry design. ”
王叶眼睛一亮。 Wang Ye's eyes lit up.
王沐的眼睛里满是对未来的期待：“等会儿我在网上买一些设备，这些金子我可以留着做首饰，做好了拿去鉴定，只要金子是真的，付一点钱就能得到鉴定证书。有了鉴定证书，我就在网上卖首饰。虽然来钱慢，但……”
Wang Mu's eyes were full of expectations for the future: "Later, I will buy some equipment on the Internet, I can keep this gold to make jewelry, and take it for appraisal when it is done, as long as the gold is real, I can get the appraisal certificate by paying a little money." With the Certificate of Authentication, I sell jewelry online. Although the money came slowly, it was ......"
王叶蹦起来：“好好好！姑姑这样最好了，来钱慢没关系，能做长久营生更好，这样你的钱财也有个来源。早点摊太辛苦，如果首饰卖得好，早点摊也可以不用再做。另外，如果有人问到金子的来源，你就说是爷爷奶奶偷偷留给你的，你以前不敢拿出来，就是怕老王拿走，现在老王变成植物人，你才敢拿出来养侄子。”
Wang Ye jumped up: "Okay, good!" Auntie is the best, it doesn't matter if the money comes slowly, it's better to make a living for a long time, so that you also have a source of money. It's too hard to stall early, and if the jewelry sells well, you don't have to do it anymore. In addition, if someone asks about the source of the gold, you say that it was secretly left to you by your grandparents, and you didn't dare to take it out before, because you were afraid that Lao Wang would take it away, and now that Lao Wang has become a vegetative person, you dare to take it out to raise your nephew. ”
王叶又把两颗彩珠拿出来，还编了一个来历，说是渔民感谢他师父的救命之恩，把传家宝送给了他师父。
Wang Ye took out the two colored beads again, and also made up a history, saying that the fishermen thanked his master for saving his life and gave the heirloom to his master.
他师父对珠宝不是很在意，看他喜欢就随手给他了。 His master didn't care much about jewelry, so he gave it to him if he liked it.
王沐现在就觉得侄子前面八年受的苦，可能都是在攒人品，攒下来的人品和运气让他找到了这么一位好师父。连带她这个姑姑也沾了光。
Wang Mu now feels that the hardships his nephew suffered in the previous eight years may have been to accumulate character, and the character and luck he saved allowed him to find such a good master. Even her aunt was stained.
王叶还想给他姑买一台游戏舱，让他姑玩游戏锻炼精神力，不用跟他一起玩，就当休闲玩家就好。
Wang Ye also wanted to buy a game cabin for his aunt, so that his aunt could play games to exercise his mental strength, and he didn't have to play with him, just be a casual player.
至于把他姑通过虫巢空间直接带入游戏世界的事，王叶连考虑都没考虑。
As for bringing his aunt directly into the game world through the hive space, Wang Ye didn't even think about it.
真身进入游戏世界，很可能就一条命，他还有一把附带游戏系统的元宇宙钥匙，让他可以继续做任务，并享受游戏系统带给他的种种福利。
When he enters the game world, he is likely to have a life, and he also has a metaverse key with a game system, so that he can continue to do tasks and enjoy all the benefits brought to him by the game system.
可他姑如果真身进入游戏，能有什么？ But if he really enters the game, what can he do?
他在游戏里死了无所谓，但如果姑姑出事，他绝不会原谅自己。
It doesn't matter if he dies in the game, but if something happens to his aunt, he will never forgive himself.
所以让他姑使用游戏舱，只精神体进入游戏就好，安全。
So let him use the game pod, and only the spirit body enters the game, it's safe.
可惜他姑对玩游戏的接受度不高，在这方面的思想也比较古板，总觉得玩游戏就是在浪费时间。
It's a pity that his aunt is not very receptive to playing games, and his thinking in this regard is relatively old-fashioned, and he always feels that playing games is a waste of time.
王叶也没有强行改变他姑的想法，想着等以后资金再充裕一些，他给他姑买一套大房子，再让他姑的首饰事业发展起来，让他姑彻底没了后顾之忧，再提让他姑进游戏的话，想来那时他姑应该就不会反对了。
Wang Ye didn't forcibly change his aunt's mind, thinking that when the funds were more abundant in the future, he would buy a big house for his aunt, and then let his aunt's jewelry career develop, so that his aunt would have no worries at all.
王叶又找到一家他上辈子打过交道的、比较有诚信的拍卖行，让他姑联系对方，约定好鉴定日。
Wang Ye found a more honest auction house that he had dealt with in his previous life, and asked him to contact the other party and make an appointment on the appraisal date.
“姑，我要回去了，我跟师父学习本领，师父会带着我到处游历，我还需要日日练功，有时候就算我想赶回来也没办法，但我一定会经常回来看你。”
"Aunt, I'm going back, I'll learn skills from Master, Master will take me everywhere, I still need to practice every day, sometimes even if I want to rush back, I can't help it, but I will definitely come back to see you often."
“鉴定彩珠那天你回来。”王沐期盼地道。 "You'll come back on the day you identify the colored beads." Wang Mu looked forward to the authentic.
王叶犹豫一秒，答应：“好，我尽量回来。如果我赶不回来，你就自己过去，不用怕，那家拍卖行是亚洲最大拍卖行，很有信誉，不会吞我们的东西。”
Wang Ye hesitated for a second and promised: "Okay, I'll try to come back." If I can't come back, you can go by yourself, don't be afraid, that auction house is the largest auction house in Asia, very reputable, and will not swallow our things. ”
王沐紧紧抓住他的手，她不说，但王叶懂，他姑还是希望他能回来。
Wang Mu grabbed his hand tightly, she didn't say it, but Wang Ye understood, his aunt still hoped that he could come back.
“好，我一定回来。” "Okay, I'll be back."
王沐这才松开手，她就怕侄子不给个准信，说是经常回来，结果三年五载都不会回来一趟。
Wang Mu let go of her hand at this time, she was afraid that her nephew would not give a letter of approval, saying that she would come back often, but she would not come back for three or five years.
“姑，我师父给我买了一台游戏舱，让我玩那个现在很火的全息游戏《极度危险》，他说这个游戏能提升我的精神力，我也不知道是真是假，但我确实会经常玩这个游戏。姑，要么你买一个游戏头盔吧，也注册一个游戏ID，就算你不玩，也可以在里面发消息给我。”王叶到底还是忍不住，再次劝道。
"Aunt, my master bought me a game pod and let me play the holographic game "Extreme Danger", which is very popular now, he said that this game can improve my mental power, I don't know if it's true or not, but I do play this game often. Aunt, either you buy a game helmet and register a game ID, even if you don't play, you can send me a message in it. Wang Ye couldn't help it in the end, and persuaded again.
王沐不解：“用手机联络不行吗？” Wang Mu was puzzled: "Can't you use your mobile phone to communicate?" ”
王叶胡扯：“手机信号在我师父那里不稳定，但全息游戏的配件就很牛，不管多微弱的信号，它都能捕捉到，确保不会掉网。而且我进入游戏的时候也不能看手机。总之，你想联络到我，或者有什么紧急的事情想找我，就到游戏中给我发邮件，我的游戏ID很好记，就叫隔壁小王。放心，这个游戏没有重复ID，你不用担心发错给别人。”
Wang Ye nonsense: "The mobile phone signal is unstable in my master's place, but the accessories of the holographic game are very good, no matter how weak the signal is, it can catch it to ensure that it will not fall off the net." And I can't look at my phone when I enter the game. In short, if you want to contact me, or if you have something urgent to find me, just send me an email in the game, my game ID is easy to remember, just call Xiao Wang next door. Rest assured, there are no duplicate IDs in this game, so you don't have to worry about sending the wrong one to someone. ”
王沐听说能快速联系到王叶，原本死活不想花冤枉钱玩游戏的想法动摇了，“好吧，我有时间就去买个你说的那什么游戏头盔。”
When Wang Mu heard that he could quickly contact Wang Ye, his original idea of not wanting to spend money to play games was shaken, "Okay, I'll buy the game helmet you said when I have time." ”
“嗯，姑姑，你相信我，侄子不会害你。我师父说这游戏玩了有好处，那就一定有好处。其实我更想让你买游戏舱，就是游戏舱太贵，咱们先用游戏头盔过渡一下。”
"Well, auntie, you believe me, my nephew won't hurt you. My master said that if there is a benefit to playing this game, then there must be a benefit. Actually, I want you to buy a game cabin, but the game cabin is too expensive, so let's use a game helmet to transition first. ”
“好了好了，我知道了。虽然你师父允许你玩游戏，但你也要有个度，不能玩游戏玩到忘记学习，知道吗？”王沐殷殷切切。
"Okay, okay, I got it. Although your master allows you to play games, you also have to have a degree, and you can't play games until you forget to study, you know? Wang Muyin was eager.
王叶无奈，只能点头，“对了，姑，我的游戏ID你不要告诉别人，也不要跟别人说你和我的真实关系，你直接装作不认识我就好。”
Wang Ye was helpless, so he could only nod, "By the way, aunt, don't tell others about my game ID, and don't tell others about your true relationship with me, just pretend that you don't know me." ”
“为啥？”王沐瞪侄子。 "Why?" Wang Mu glared at his nephew.
王叶摸摸鼻子：“因为你侄子在游戏里有很多仇家，如果让别人知道你是我姑姑，他们有可能通过伤害你来伤害我，或者抓你威胁我。不过姑姑你有什么事可以向我求救，需要什么，也可以跟我说，要有人欺负你，你更要告诉我。我们暗中来往，不让人知道就行。我还可以伪装后去找你。”
Wang Ye touched his nose: "Because your nephew has a lot of enemies in the game, if you let others know that you are my aunt, they may hurt me by hurting you, or arrest you and threaten me." But aunt, if you have anything to ask me for help and what you need, you can also tell me that if someone is going to bully you, you have to tell me. We communicate in secret, so we don't let people know. I can also disguise myself and go to you. ”
王沐不以为然：“不过游戏而已。” Wang Mu disagreed: "It's just a game." ”
王叶正经脸：“姑，玩游戏的人有关系好的，能变成现实中的朋友，甚至结婚。同样，也有玩家彼此结下仇恨，把仇恨延续到现实中，甚至在现实中害人。总之，姑，你进入游戏时要千万小心，不要那么轻易相信别人，更别暴露你我之间的关系。”
Wang Ye had a serious face: "Aunt, the people who play the game have a good relationship, can become friends in reality, and even get married." Similarly, there are also players who form hatred for each other, perpetuate the hatred in reality, and even harm others in reality. In short, aunt, you must be careful when you enter the game, don't trust others so easily, and don't expose the relationship between you and me. ”
“好了好了，我知道了，你们这些小孩子真是，玩个游戏都能玩出爱恨情仇。”王沐十分不理解，但也把侄子的话记住了。
"Okay, okay, I see, you children are really, you can play a game of love and hate." Wang Mu didn't understand it very much, but he also remembered his nephew's words.
王叶返回游戏世界的时候，心态也变得轻松许多。有了金子和彩珠在手边，相信他姑应该也不会再那么轻易地以为自己又产生幻觉。
When Wang Ye returned to the game world, his mentality became much more relaxed. With the gold and colored beads at hand, I believe that he should not think that he is hallucinating again so easily.
等他姑买了游戏头盔开始玩游戏，和他在游戏内联络上，那就更稳了。
When his aunt buys a game helmet and starts playing games, it will be more stable to contact him in-game.
双月星，囚犯岛无名小山。 Twin Moon Star, the nameless hill of Prisoner Island.
王叶光着屁屁出现在雷木面前，但不到一秒，他又原地消失，过了两分钟才重新出现。
Wang Ye appeared in front of Lei Mu bare-, but in less than a second, he disappeared on the spot again, and it took two minutes before reappearing.
重新出现的他已经穿上衣裤，头上还戴了顶游戏世界也常见的草帽。
He has reappeared in his shirt and pants, and a straw hat on his head, which is also common in the game world.
“半天？”雷木看看那顶他们绝没有买过，现在却突然出现的草帽，眼睛眯了眯。
"Half a day?" Reimu's eyes narrowed as he looked at the straw hat they had never bought before, but now it had suddenly appeared.
王叶嘿嘿笑，左右看看，天边已经有晚霞出现：“木木，你没遇到什么事吧？”
Wang Ye smiled, looked left and right, and the sunset had already appeared in the sky: "Mumu, you haven't encountered anything, right?" ”
“没，我在附近走了走。”雷木表示他已经去那村庄周围绕了一圈，还有了一些发现。
"No, I'm walking around the neighborhood." Remu said he had gone around the village and made some discoveries.
王叶表示不急，拉住雷木的手：“木木，你跟我来，我给你看好东西。”
Wang Ye said that he was not in a hurry, and took Lei Mu's hand: "Mumu, you come with me, I will show you good things." ”
“看什么？” "See what?"
“我的窝，也是我们以后的家。以后我们休息也好睡觉也好，再也不用担心防守的事。”
"My nest is also our future home. In the future, we can rest or sleep, and we don't have to worry about defense anymore. ”
“哦？你把你的巢穴布置好了？” "Oh? Have you set up your lair? ”
“是啊，布置好了，就等骗个老婆回去暖被窝。哎哟！木木，你干嘛敲我头？”
"Yes, it's arranged, just wait for a wife to go back to warm the bed. Ouch! Mumu, why are you knocking me on the head? ”
“你才多大，就想着老婆暖被窝了？” "How old are you, just thinking about your wife's warm bed?"
“我就说说。”王叶捂着脑袋委屈。 "I'll just tell you about it." Wang Ye covered his head and was aggrieved.
雷木哈哈哈：“就你这么一个小不点，还想骗一个老婆，再等十年吧。”
Lei Mu hahaha: "You are such a small person, and you still want to cheat on a wife, wait for another ten years." ”
说着，就跟着王叶进入了他的巢穴…… With that, he followed Wang Ye into his lair......
王叶哼唧，不过脑子地说道：“这不就骗到一个。” Wang Ye snorted, but said brainily: "Isn't this just a deception." ”
啪叽！雷木一巴掌拍在王叶光溜溜的后脑勺上。 Smack! Lei Mu slapped Wang Yeguang on the back of his head.
王小叶瞪着他的大木头，阴森森地想：信不信我真的把你当老婆用了。
Wang Xiaoye stared at his big wood and thought gloomily: Believe it or not, I really used you as a wife.
第68章 家、畅想、小老头 Chapter 68: Home, Imagination, Little Old Man
雷木不知道王小叶在转动什么邪恶的念头，视小家伙的眼刀如无物，他的注意力已经完全被虫巢空间吸引。
Lei Mu didn't know what evil thoughts Wang Xiaoye was spinning, and regarded the little guy's eye knife as nothing, and his attention was completely attracted by the hive space.
这个生活区竟然被小叶子布置得跟住家一样。 This living area is actually arranged like a house by small leaves.
大约四十平的空间被分割成厨房区和卧室区，中间有磨砂玻璃一样的墙壁做隔断。
The space of about 40 square meters is divided into a kitchen area and a bedroom area, with frosted glass walls in the middle.
里面不少东西雷木认不出来，只能大致猜出用途。 There are many things in it that Lei Mu can't recognize, so he can only roughly guess the purpose.
厨房内有煤气灶和煤气罐，还有一个在海沟岛集市买的铁炉。旁边就是料理台和水池。
The kitchen has a gas stove and gas canister, and an iron stove bought at the Trench Island Bazaar. Next to it is a cooking table and a sink.
灶台、料理台、水池和上下水道看不出是用什么材质所做，其实就是虫巢的一部分变化而成，但无论颜色还是样式都很亮眼，干净明畅一体化。
The stove, cooking table, sink, and sewer are made of no apparent material, but they are actually made of a part of the hive, but they are all bright in color and style, clean and bright.
水池很大，上面安装了一个可以调冷热水的水龙头还有一个小花洒。
The sink is large and has a faucet installed on it that can adjust hot and cold water and a small shower.
中间放了一张可以扩展成圆桌的木桌和四把椅子，兼餐厅和客厅。两边墙壁全是和料理台同质同色的架子，架子上摆满了锅碗瓢盆等厨房用具。
In the middle is a wooden table that can be expanded into a round table and four chairs, which doubles as a dining room and a living room. The walls on both sides are lined with shelves of the same quality and color as the cooking table, and the shelves are filled with kitchen utensils such as pots and pans.
磨砂玻璃一样的隔断墙上有一扇门，推开，里面就是卧室。
There is a door on the frosted glass partition wall, which is pushed open to reveal the bedroom.
卧室中间隆起半米高、三米宽两米长的地台，这就是床了。
In the middle of the bedroom, there is a half-meter-high, three-meter-wide and two-meter-long floor, which is the bed.
地台上并排放有两张防潮地垫，地垫上是硬海绵垫，海绵垫上又铺有纯色床单，夏被和乳胶枕堆在床头。地台两边各有一个带抽屉的低矮小柜。
There are two moisture-proof floor mats side by side on the floor, the floor mat is a hard sponge mat, and the sponge mat is covered with solid color sheets, and the summer quilt and latex pillow are piled on the head of the bed. On each side of the floor is a low cabinet with drawers.
地台里面也藏了不少东西，现在看不见。 There are also a lot of things hidden inside the platform, which are now invisible.
墙壁自动生成了衣橱，顶天立地，里面同样可以储存大量物品。
The walls automatically generate a wardrobe, which stands tall and can also store a large number of items.
厨房、餐厅和卧室的房顶分别挂着一盏太阳能充电电灯，开关可以用遥控器控制。
The kitchen, dining room and bedroom have a solar-charged light on the roof, and the switch can be controlled with a remote control.
最妙的是厨房、餐厅和卧室竟然分别开有三个大窗户，还有外面的自然光线透进来，窗户竟然还能推开，推开看到的景色就是外面的景色。
The best part is that the kitchen, dining room and bedroom have three large windows each, and natural light from the outside can be pushed in, and the view from the outside is the view from the outside.
窗户玻璃不是玻璃，也是虫巢本身的一部分，只不过经过了透明化处理。
The window glass is not glass, it is part of the hive itself, but it is transparent.
哦，还有一扇大门，这扇大门从内打开，出去就是外面，进来就是空间里面。不过不管进来出去都要得到王叶这个主人同意就是。
Oh, and there's also a door, and this door opens from the inside, and when you go out, you go outside, and when you come in, you get inside the space. However, no matter how you come in or go out, you have to get the consent of Wang Ye, the master.
王叶对雷木生气维持不到三秒，又颠颠地围着他道：“后面还有两个房间，一个是保鲜保质的储藏间，一个就是钟乳石灵液培养洞。培养洞比较大，被我做了一些改造，里面加了洗浴间和卫生间。水池和上下水道都有，水管是虫巢本身构成，下水目前只能定时排放，等我以后慢慢改造。”
Wang Ye was angry with Lei Mu for less than three seconds, and then surrounded him and said, "There are two rooms in the back, one is a storage room for keeping fresh and high, and the other is a stalactite spiritual liquid cultivation cave. The cultivation hole is relatively large, and I have made some modifications, adding a bathroom and toilet to it. There are pools and sewers, and the water pipes are composed of the hive itself, and the sewerage can only be discharged regularly, and I will slowly transform it in the future. ”
其实虫巢有自净功能，任何能量都能被它当做能量消化，否则那么多虫子在虫巢里面吃喝拉撒，要怎么处理？
In fact, the hive has a self-cleaning function, and any energy can be digested by it as energy, otherwise so many insects eat, drink and laze in the hive, how to deal with it?
但王叶只要想到虫巢已经和他化为一体，虫巢不管消化什么样的能量都相当于他自己消化一般，这样一想，他就觉得定时排放脏污很有必要。
But as long as Wang Ye thought that the insect hive had become one with him, and no matter what kind of energy the insect hive digested, it was equivalent to his own digestion, so when he thought about it, he felt that it was necessary to discharge dirt regularly.
等以后他的虫巢空间扩大，出现种植区域，那些脏污有地方排放，他也许就接受了。虽然本质都是一样，但人就是这么矫情，有个中转的话，再接受起来就不难。
Later, when his hive space expands, there is a planting area, and there is a place for the dirt to be discharged, he may accept it. Although the essence is the same, people are so hypocritical, if there is a transfer, it is not difficult to accept it again.
雷木感叹：“没想到这个虫巢空间不但主人能进来，还能带外人进来，更能与外界相通。太奇妙了，果然不同于一般空间。”
Lei Mu sighed: "I didn't expect that this insect hive space can not only be brought in by the owner, but also bring outsiders in, and it can communicate with the outside world." It's amazing, it's really different from ordinary spaces. ”
王叶卖弄道：“你把虫巢看做是蜗牛的壳就好理解了。这个蜗牛壳既可以显露出来，也可以收进体内。”
Wang Ye teased: "It's easy to understand that you think of the worm nest as a snail's shell. This snail shell can be both revealed and incorporated into the body. ”
“这么说，我们进来，外面可以留下实体？” "So, let's come in, and we can leave entities outside?"
“可以。也可以不留。这是我的次空间，我可以把它藏在我的体内。”
"Yes. It is also possible to leave it alone. This is my subspace and I can hide it inside me. ”
“那你又是怎么进入你的体内次空间？” "And how did you get into your inner subspace?"
“你绕不住我。”王叶给了雷木一个傲娇的眼神：“用蜗牛做比方，蜗牛壳也就是虫巢和我是一体，不管虫巢是被放到外面，还是存到体内，我看起来像是从外面走了进来，实际上我只是缩回自己的壳中。”
"You can't get around me." Wang Ye gave Lei Mu an arrogant look: "Using a snail as an analogy, the snail shell is the worm nest and I are one, whether the worm nest is put outside or stored in the body, I look like I walked in from the outside, in fact, I just retracted into my own shell." ”
“虫巢就是我，我就是虫巢，我进入虫巢，虫巢仍旧存在于世间，并没有消失。而我让虫巢隐形有两种方式，一种只是看不到，但能摸得到。一种则是虫巢自带的空间扰乱能力，不在同一个空间，别人自然看不到也摸不到。”
"The hive is me, I am the hive, I entered the hive, and the hive still exists in the world, and it has not disappeared. And I make the hive invisible in two ways, one is just not visible, but can be touched. One is the ability of the hive to disturb the space, which is not in the same space, and others naturally can't see or touch it. ”
“聪明的小家伙。”雷木特意拿掉王叶的草帽，揉了揉他的光脑袋。
"Clever little one." Lei Mu deliberately took off Wang Ye's straw hat and rubbed his bald head.
王叶：“……” Wang Ye: "......"
雷木对很多没见过的东西都很好奇，但他担心小家伙有什么忌讳，就没主动问。
Remu was curious about many things he hadn't seen before, but he was worried that the little guy had any taboos, so he didn't take the initiative to ask.
王叶主动跟他说了煤气罐、煤气灶、电灯和遥控器之类物品的用法。
Wang Ye took the initiative to tell him about the use of items such as gas canisters, gas stoves, electric lights, and remote controls.
“很特殊的异术，是你家乡蓝星群岛那边的技术吗？”雷木接受起来很自然，魔法世界各种怪东西太多了，加上偶尔出现的秘境，各种神奇物种，各种匪夷所思的存在，早就把雷木这样经常在外面跑的人锻炼出来。
"It's a very special magic, is it the technology of your hometown of the Blue Star Islands?" Lei Mu is very natural to accept, there are too many strange things in the magic world, plus the occasional secret realm, all kinds of magical species, all kinds of unbelievable existences, and people like Lei Mu who often run outside have long been trained.
“是的。” "Yes."
“你能回去你的家乡再过来？”雷木冷不丁问。 "Can you go back to your hometown and come back?" Lei Mu asked coldly.
王叶：“……是。” Wang Ye: "...... Be. ”
雷木点点头，“其他蓝星群岛人也有这样的能力吗？” Lei Mu nodded, "Do the other Blue Star Islanders also have such abilities?" ”
“他们能来去自如，但不能带东西，就算他们拥有空间也不能。”
"They can come and go as they please, but they can't bring anything, even if they have the space."
“明白了，你是特殊的那一个。”雷木只看到王叶拿出的这些东西，就知道小家伙压根就没打算隐瞒他。
"Got it, you're the special one." Lei Mu only saw these things that Wang Ye took out, and knew that the little guy had no intention of hiding it from him at all.
这让他既高兴，又为这份沉重的信任感到些许惶恐。 This made him both happy and a little frightened by the heavy trust.
“小叶子，”雷木面向王叶，单手按住胸口，郑重其事地道：“我以我的生命和异术起誓，在没有得到你允许的情况下，绝不会把你不同于别人的任何事情透露给他人。如违背誓言，命损魂消，连转变亡灵都不可能。”
"Xiao Yezi," Lei Mu faced Wang Ye, pressed his chest with one hand, and said solemnly, "I swear by my life and magic that I will never reveal anything different from you to others without your permission." If you break your oath, your life will be ruined, and it will not even be possible to transform the souls of the dead. ”
王叶张了张口，没有阻止雷木起誓。因为雷木显然认为这样做才能让他放心，为了让雷木放心他的放心，他放任了雷木把誓言说完。
Wang Ye opened his mouth and did not stop Lei Mu from swearing. Because Reimu obviously thought that this would reassure him, in order to reassure Reimu about his reassurance, he let Reimu finish his oath.
雷木发誓使用了异术，他的誓言也就变成了实际约束，分别落到两人身上。
Remu swore that he had used a magic spell, and his oath became an actual constraint, falling on the two of them separately.
“木木，你的事情，你不想让别人知道的，我也不会说。”王叶也发了个誓。
"Mumu, your business, you don't want others to know, I won't say it." Wang Ye also made an oath.
雷木笑，觉得他们一大一小互相面对起誓的场面有点搞笑。
Lei Mu laughed, thinking that the scene of them facing each other and swearing was a bit funny.
王叶看他笑，也傻乎乎地笑起来。他没有瞒着雷木，除了信任，还因为瞒不过，他以后要长时间和雷木生活在一起，要是连雷木也一起隐瞒，那就太不方便了。
Wang Ye saw him laughing, and he also laughed stupidly. He didn't hide it from Lei Mu, in addition to trust, but also because he couldn't hide it, he would have to live with Lei Mu for a long time in the future, and it would be too inconvenient if he even hid Lei Mu together.
“我们吃饭吧，我用煤气灶做饭给你吃，这东西可比炉子方便多了，能随心所欲地控制火焰大小。”
"Let's eat, I'll cook for you on the gas stove, this thing is much more convenient than the stove, and you can control the size of the flame as you like."
“跟魔法炉一样？” "Like a magic furnace?"
“对，功能差不多。” "yes, pretty much the function."
王叶又献宝一样拿出他买的各种熟食，让雷木品尝。 Wang Ye took out all kinds of cooked food he bought like a treasure and let Lei Mu taste it.
雷木让他把大部分收起来，只留下蛋糕和花卷，以及一些卤菜。
Remu told him to put most of it away, leaving only the cake and flower rolls, as well as some pickled vegetables.
有雷木帮着打下手，这位都没用削皮刀和刨丝器，一手刀工极为出色，切得又快又好。王小叶主厨，炒了个油渣青菜、青椒肉丝和酸辣土豆丝，又用他姑亲手种植的鸡毛菜打了个蛋花汤。
With Lei Mu's help, this one didn't use a paring knife or grater, and his knife work was extremely good, and he cut quickly and well. Chef Wang Xiaoye stir-fried a green cabbage, shredded pork with green peppers and shredded potatoes with sour and spicy potatoes, and made an egg drop soup with chicken feather vegetables grown by his aunt.
两个人都很久没有吃到新鲜蔬菜，很满足地吃了这顿晚饭，饭后还吃了两块蛋糕当甜点。
Both of them had not eaten fresh vegetables for a long time, so they ate this dinner with great satisfaction, and ate two pieces of cake for dessert after the meal.
两人都能吃，桌上摆出来的食物全都光盘。 Both of them could eat, and all the food on the table was on discs.
夕阳余晖从窗户里斜射进来，他们坐在虫巢空间里，感觉就跟坐在正常的房屋厅堂里一样，采光特别好，空气也新鲜。
The afterglow of the setting sun shone in obliquely through the window, and they sat in the hive space, feeling like sitting in a normal house hall, with very good lighting and fresh air.
王叶让虫巢扭曲周围空间，他们可以正常享受太阳光，外面人却就算路过这里也看不到、更碰不到虫巢。
Wang Ye let the hive distort the surrounding space, they could enjoy the sunlight normally, but outsiders could not see or touch the hive even if they passed by.
饭后，两人去浴室享受了一把。 After the meal, the two went to the bathroom to enjoy a handful.
雷木看到全墙面和地面都是黄金铺设的金碧辉煌的浴室和卫生间，半晌没说出话。这真是王室都没这么奢侈。
Lei Mu saw the splendid bathroom and toilet with all the walls and floors paved with gold, and he didn't say anything for a while. This is really not such a luxury for the royal family.
王叶还用金子做了个大浴缸。 Wang Ye also made a large bathtub out of gold.
虫巢空间内的物品，全都随王叶心念控制，只要不是太复杂的改造，他做起来都很轻松。
The items in the hive space are all controlled by Wang Ye's mind, as long as the transformation is not too complicated, he can do it easily.
王叶很自得：“闪吧？” Wang Ye was very complacent: "Flash, right? ”
雷木：太闪了，眼睛都要闪瞎了。要不是便桶是瓷器不是黄金，他都不敢使用，不过便桶用瓷器是不是也太豪华了一点？
Reimu: It's so flashy, I'm going to be blind. If it weren't for the fact that the commode was porcelain and not gold, he wouldn't dare to use it, but isn't the porcelain used for the commode a little too luxurious?
王叶还买了个带控温阀的大容量太阳能热水器装在了浴室里，这样他们就有生活热水用，再也不用临时烧水。
Wang Ye also bought a large-capacity solar water heater with a temperature control valve and installed it in the bathroom, so that they can use domestic hot water and no longer need to boil water temporarily.
不过太阳能热水器也有缺点，王叶早就想好，等以后再买个魔法加温器装在水管上就行。
However, solar water heaters also have disadvantages, Wang Ye has already thought about it, and he will buy a magic heater to install on the water pipe in the future.
王叶冲澡，雷木泡了个澡。他在地下守着王小叶一个多月，神经一直绷得很紧，难得这么放松一把。
Wang Ye took a bath, and Lei Mu took a bath. He has been guarding Wang Xiaoye underground for more than a month, and his nerves have been very tight, and it is rare to be so relaxed.
当晚，两人很早就睡了，第一次完全不用担心防守的问题，两人都放任自己进入真正的睡眠中。
That night, the two went to bed early, and for the first time they didn't have to worry about defense at all, and both of them let themselves go to real sleep.
第二天早上，两人睡到了自然醒。 The next morning, the two slept until they woke up naturally.
这一觉睡得太舒服了。 It was too comfortable to sleep on.
雷木冲了个澡，又在王叶指点下，用牙刷牙膏刷牙，收拾整齐后，只觉得浑身松泛，还特别精神。
Lei Mu took a shower, and under the guidance of Wang Ye, he brushed his teeth with a toothbrush and toothpaste, and after tidying up, he only felt loose and very energetic.
“你能操纵虫巢移动吗？”雷木吃早饭时问。 "Can you manipulate the hive to move?" Lei Mu asked while eating breakfast.
“当然能。虫巢就是我，我就是虫巢，我想去哪儿，虫巢就能去哪儿。”王叶热了十个大肉包子，雷木六个，他四个。
"Absolutely. The hive is me, I am the hive, and I can go wherever I want. "Wang Ye has ten big meat buns, Lei Mu has six, and he has four.
王叶还买了许多纯牛奶，早上就给自己和雷木一人倒了一杯。
Wang Ye also bought a lot of pure milk, and poured a glass for himself and Lei Mu in the morning.
“虫巢在移动中也能保持隐形？”雷木抿了口牛奶，有点不习惯这味，但他一向不会浪费食物，还是一口一口喝下去。
"Hives can remain invisible while moving?" Remu took a sip of milk, a little unaccustomed to the taste, but he never wasted food, so he drank it one bite at a time.
“能。”王叶瞬间就明白雷木为什么这么问他了：“你想让我驾驶虫巢去探索这个囚犯岛？”
"Yes." Wang Ye instantly understood why Lei Mu asked him this: "You want me to drive the worm hive to explore this prisoner island?" ”
“对。”雷木觉得驾驶这个词用的很有意思。 "Yes." Raimu found the word driving interesting.
王叶一拍巴掌：“我们想到一块儿去了。对了，你说昨天你有些发现？”
Wang Ye slapped his face: "We want to go together." By the way, you said you made some discoveries yesterday? ”
“嗯，等会儿你按照我指的方向走。”雷木卖了个小关子。
"Well, you'll follow the direction I'm pointing in a minute." Thunderwood sold a small pass.
“好。”王叶看雷木：“木木，你是不是不喜欢喝牛奶？”
"Okay." Wang Ye looked at Lei Mu: "Mumu, don't you like to drink milk?" ”
雷木放下陶杯：“还行，就是喝不惯。” Lei Mu put down the pottery cup: "It's okay, but I'm not used to drinking." ”
“是不喜欢奶腥味吧。”王叶前八年的人生就没喝过几次牛奶，导致他长大后对牛奶有点情结，比起豆浆更喜欢喝牛奶。
"I don't like the smell of milk." Wang Ye had never drunk milk a few times in his first eight years of life, which led him to grow up with a bit of a complex for milk, and he preferred milk to soy milk.
“也许你可以尝试一下豆浆，甜豆浆和豆奶很好喝。我买了好多豆子，本来还想买个豆浆机，可豆浆机需要的电力比较大，普通蓄电池带不起来。太大的蓄电池又太贵。下次我买个家用石磨带过来好了。”
"Maybe you can try soy milk, sweet soy milk and soy milk are delicious. I bought a lot of beans, and I originally wanted to buy a soymilk machine, but the soymilk machine needs a lot of electricity, and ordinary batteries can't bring it. Batteries that are too big are too expensive. Next time, I'll buy a home stone mill and bring it over. ”
“豆浆机？蓄电池？” "Soymilk machine? Accumulator? ”
“电能是我们那里一种能量说法，类似于这边的魔力。蓄电池就是储存和释放这种能量的容器。太阳能、水力、风力、火力等各种能量都可以转换为电能。可惜魔力和电能两者之间我不知道如何互相转换，否则我就可以直接带那边的电器过来使用。”上辈子他死前，好像还没有人研究出如何转换电能和魔能。
"Electricity is a kind of energy word we have there, similar to magic here. The battery is the container that stores and releases this energy. Various energies such as solar, hydro, wind, and thermal power can be converted into electricity. Unfortunately, I don't know how to convert magic and electricity into each other, otherwise I could have just brought the electrical appliances over there and used them. "In his last life, before he died, no one seemed to have figured out how to convert electricity and magic.
雷木听得兴味盎然，颇有启发。如果那些自然能量可以转换为电能，那是不是也能转换为魔力？
Lei Mu listened with great interest and was quite inspiring. If that natural energy can be converted into electricity, can it also be converted into magic?
雷木觉得完全有可能，因为魔力可以施展金木水火土等各种术法，不就相当于是魔力转换为了自然能量？
Lei Mu thinks it's completely possible, because the magic power can cast various spells such as gold, wood, water, fire, and earth, isn't it equivalent to the conversion of magic into natural energy?
如此，所有能量应该都能互通并相互转换才对。 In this way, all the energies should be able to communicate and convert to each other.
雷木心跳加快，如果这个理论成立的话，那么他的问题是不是也能解决？
Remu's heart beats faster, if this theory is true, then can his problem be solved?
“豆浆机就是用来磨豆子和其他比较硬的食物，在轴的最底部装一上一下两个刀片，利用能量把刀片带得飞快转动起来，这样就能把硬物给打碎……”王叶介绍了豆浆机的原理，又说了石磨的做法。
"The soymilk machine is used to grind beans and other hard foods, and two blades are installed at the bottom of the shaft, and the blades are rotated quickly with energy, so that hard objects can be broken...... Wang Ye introduced the principle of the soymilk machine and said the practice of stone grinding.
雷木听到石磨，对这个倒不是很陌生，“听起来很简单，只要有能量带动刀片就可以，对吧？”
When Lei Mu heard the stone mill, he was not very unfamiliar with this, "It sounds very simple, as long as there is energy to drive the blade, right?" ”
“差不多是这个意思。木木，难不成你想做一个？你会炼金术？”王叶对雷木了解太少，上辈子木木就是一个没有自己明显意识的傀儡，他能知道对方眼睛比较特殊，会异术，已经是仔细观察的结果，其他几乎就都不知道了。
That's pretty much what it means. Mumu, is it possible that you want to make one? Can you do alchemy? "Wang Ye knows too little about Lei Mu, in his previous life, Mu Mu was a puppet without his own obvious consciousness, he can know that the other party's eyes are more special, and he can do strange arts, which is already the result of careful observation, and almost nothing else knows.
雷木笑笑：“我现在还不会，但我可以学。” Lei Mu smiled: "I can't yet, but I can learn." ”
他也不可能一辈子都打打杀杀地活下去，以前一个人无所谓，现在养着个孩子（感觉更像是他被这个孩子养着），总不能还这么下去。
He can't live all his life, he didn't care if he was alone before, but now he has a child (it feels more like he was being raised by this child), and he can't go on like this.
最重要的是他想研究一下能量相互转换的可能性。 Most importantly, he wanted to study the possibility of energy conversion to each other.
如果他能自己解决自己的问题，也就不需要求别人了。 If he can solve his own problems on his own, he doesn't need to ask others.
王叶对此非常支持，两人还商讨了一下学习炼金术到哪里学最好。
Wang Ye was very supportive of this, and the two also discussed where to learn alchemy.
双月星有魔法学校，也有专门的炼金术学校，还有一些初级炼金师和炼金学徒对外开班授课，这种门槛最低，只要肯教学费，谁去学都成。
Shuangyuexing has a magic school, a special alchemy school, and some junior alchemists and alchemy apprentices open classes to teach to the public, which has the lowest threshold, as long as they are willing to teach, anyone can learn.
“听说夏火上国和她的附属国家，炼金术和锻造学十分兴盛，等这边事了，我们去那边看看吧。”王叶兴冲冲地提议。
"I heard that in the Xia Huo Shangguo and her subordinate countries, alchemy and forging are very prosperous, wait for this matter, let's go over there and have a look." Wang Ye excitedly proposed.
“别忘了精灵蛋。”雷木提醒他。 "Don't forget the elf eggs." Reim reminded him.
王叶撇嘴，“孵出来再说，孵不出来，也没必要去精灵族。而且去精灵族地，夏火上国也是顺路。”
Wang Ye pouted, "Let's talk about hatching, if you can't hatch, there's no need to go to the elf clan." And to go to the elf land, the summer fire is also a stop. ”
雷木听他这么说，也建议道：“如果精灵蛋真的孵化不出来，你可以尝试考魔法学校，夏火上国就有一家规模很大的魔法学校，能在双月星排到第六位。其他魔法学校也行，不一定要看排名。好的魔法学校会庇护自己的学生，就是精灵族也不敢随便闯入魔法学校找麻烦。”
Hearing what he said, Lei Mu also suggested: "If the elf egg really can't hatch, you can try to take the magic school, there is a very large magic school in the summer fire country, and it can be ranked sixth in the Double Moon Star." Other magic schools are fine, you don't have to look at the rankings. A good magic school will shelter its students, and even the elves will not dare to break into the magic school casually to find trouble. ”
雷木不知道王小叶的师父是谁，又有多大的能量，只能如此提议。
Lei Mu didn't know who Wang Xiaoye's master was and how much energy he had, so he could only propose so.
“魔法学校啊……”王叶上辈子只跟师父学过魔法阵图，并没有系统地学过魔法，魔法药剂也因为跟师父时间尚短，只是学了个入门，故此，对这个提议颇为动心。
"Magic school...... Wang Ye had only learned magic formation from the master in his previous life, and had not systematically learned magic, and the magic potion had only learned an introduction because he had only learned a little time with the master, so he was quite tempted by this proposal.
囚犯岛感恩村。 Thanksgiving Village of Prisoner Island.
一间低矮的泥坯房里钻出来一个弯腰驼背的小老头。 Out of a low mud house came a hunched old man.
小老头半张脸像是被火舔过，皮肤都融化变形了，左眼皮大半黏在一起。另外半张脸跟着走形，还留着半边大胡子，胡子和头发几乎长在一起，脏得打结。
Half of the little old man's face seemed to have been licked by fire, his skin was melted and deformed, and most of his left eyelid was glued together. The other half of his face followed suit, and he still had half a big beard, and his beard and hair grew almost together, and he was dirty and knotted.
小老头身上穿的也是又脏又破的粗布衣，衣摆就到大腿上，脚上穿着一双草鞋。裸露出来的皮肤也都有被火烧过的疤痕。
The little old man was also wearing a dirty and torn coarse cloth coat, the hem of which reached to his thighs, and a pair of straw sandals on his feet. The exposed skin also has scars from the fire.
小老头拖着一个篓子，佝偻着腰往前走。 The little old man dragged a basket and walked forward with his waist bent.
路上偶尔碰到村人，也没人理睬他。 On the way, he occasionally ran into villagers, but no one paid attention to him.
村里除了年轻人，也有不少年岁较大的人。 In addition to the young people in the village, there are also many older people.
这些人除了是囚犯后代，还有一部分到了时间被释放，但无处可去，就在囚犯岛留下安家的囚犯。
In addition to being the descendants of prisoners, some of these people were released when the time came, but there was nowhere else to go, so they left prisoners who made their home on Prisoner Island.
这些被释放的囚犯有的性格还凑合，大多数比较孤僻，喜欢一个人独居，没有必要也不跟人往来。
Some of these released prisoners have a decent personality, most of them are relatively withdrawn, prefer to live alone, and have no need to interact with others.
小老头就是其中之一。 The little old man is one of them.
小老头在村里已经住了快二十年，前几年他家突然失火，人被救出来就快不行了，最后磨着磨着竟然好命地活了下来。
The little old man has lived in the village for almost 20 years, and a few years ago, his house suddenly caught fire, and the person was rescued and died, and finally survived with a good life.
但自那以后，小老头就更孤僻了，除了和村人交换一些必要的生活物品和食物等，几乎都不再和人说话往来。村人怀疑他的嗓子很可能也被那场火熏坏了。
But since then, the little old man has become even more withdrawn, except for exchanging some necessary daily necessities and food with the villagers, he almost no longer talks to people. The villagers suspected that his throat might have been damaged by the fire.
感恩村的村民，只要满了十二岁，就必须要开辟田地养活自己，每年还要交税。
As long as the villagers of Thanksgiving Village reach the age of twelve, they must open up fields to support themselves and pay taxes every year.
小老头也有一块田地，以前侍弄得精心，每年收获都不少。可小老头被火烧过后，可能身体不行了，对田地的侍弄也变得力不从心，小老头没办法，只能经常进山弄些食物。
The little old man also had a field, which used to be carefully taught, and he harvested a lot every year. But after the little old man was burned by the fire, he may not be able to do well, and he has become unable to serve the fields, and the little old man has no choice but to often go into the mountains to get some food.
幸好小老头还有一手以前没怎么显露过的烧炭本事，可以烧炭跟村人换食物，让他不至于饿死。
Fortunately, the little old man still has charcoal burning skills that he has not shown much before, and he can burn charcoal to exchange food with the villagers, so that he will not starve to death.
虽然住在海岛上，但这些村民都不被允许出海打渔，据说以前可以，后来不知道为什么就不行了，所有村人都被困在岛上。
Although they live on the island, these villagers are not allowed to go out to sea to fish, and it is said that they used to be able to, but then they don't know why they can't, and all the villagers are trapped on the island.
但囚犯岛整体范围并不小，村民生活在岛上，除了外围和监狱那边不能靠近，内围都随便他们走。
However, the overall scope of the prisoner island is not small, and the villagers live on the island, except for the outer perimeter and the prison side, they cannot get close, and the inner perimeter is free for them to walk.
囚犯岛上有山有水有树林，土地也算肥沃，供养两三万人不成问题，何况感恩村现在全部人口加起来都没超过八百。
There are mountains, rivers and forests on the prisoner island, and the land is fertile, so it is not a problem to support 20,000 or 30,000 people, not to mention that the total population of Thanksgiving Village does not exceed 800 now.
小老头拖着篓子往山里去了，村人只以为他进山捡一些山货和看陷阱里有没有收获。
The little old man dragged the basket into the mountains, and the villagers only thought that he had gone into the mountains to pick up some mountain goods and see if there was any harvest in the traps.
到了山里，小老头把篓子背到了身上，再拖就不好走了。
When he arrived in the mountains, the little old man carried the basket on his back, and it would be difficult to walk if he dragged it any longer.
林子越来越密集，地上有一条踩出来的小路。 The forest is getting denser and denser, and there is a path on the ground that has been trodden out.
小老头七绕八绕，时不时还停下来休息，实际是在查看有没有人跟踪他。
The little old man walked around, stopping to rest from time to time, actually checking to see if anyone was following him.
王叶操纵虫巢就跟在小老头身后，但小老头一无所觉。 Wang Ye manipulated the insect nest and followed the little old man, but the little old man didn't notice anything.
到了一处山坳，小老头见左右无人，移开一个半腐烂的木桩，露出了后面的岩洞。
When he reached a col, the little old man, seeing that there was no one left or right, removed a half-rotten wooden stake, revealing the cave behind him.
第69章 左勤桑和左勤榆 Chapter 69: Zuo Qinsang and Zuo Qinyu
小老头解下篓子，弯腰钻进岩洞，篓子也拖了进去。 The little old man untied the basket and bent down into the cave, and the basket dragged in.
进去后，小老头又伸手把那木桩子挪回原位。 Once inside, the little old man reached out again and moved the stake back into its place.
地上有摩擦的痕迹，但只要不是特别仔细看，一般都不会发现。
There are traces of friction on the ground, but as long as you don't look very closely, you won't usually notice it.
小老头从篓子里拿出火把点燃，拖着篓子深入洞穴。 The little old man took a torch from the basket and lit it, dragging the basket deep into the cave.
走了大约十来分钟，地势明显往下，洞壁也有水滴滴落，途中还有几条岔道，如果不熟悉这里的人一定会迷路。
After walking for about ten minutes, the terrain is obviously down, there are water droplets on the cave wall, and there are several forks on the way, if you are not familiar with this place, you will definitely get lost.
但小老头显然已经走习惯这条路，连哪里有坑都一清二楚。
But the little old man was obviously used to this path, and he even knew exactly where there were pitfalls.
“阿榆。”小老头轻声呼唤。 "Ah Yu." The little old man called softly.
“哥！”一个身材瘦高的男子从黑暗的洞穴中钻出来。看到火光，下意识用手遮了遮。
"Brother!" A tall, lanky man emerges from a dark cavern. Seeing the firelight, he subconsciously covered it with his hands.
“我给你带了点肉和水果，快吃吧。”小老头也直起了腰，用力捶捶自己的背，扮演一个驼背老头可是个辛苦活。
"I've brought you some meat and fruit, eat it." The little old man also straightened up and thumped his back hard, playing a hunchbacked old man is hard work.
瘦高男子掀起篓子上盖着的草叶，抓出一枚外表坑坑洼洼的果子，用力掰开，露出里面雪白色的果肉，他吃过这种果子，张嘴就咬。
The tall and thin man lifted the blade of grass that covered the basket, grabbed a fruit with a pitted appearance, and broke it with all his might, revealing the snow-white flesh inside, which he had eaten and bit when he opened his mouth.
小老头直起腰，看着就不再那么矮小，个头和瘦高个差不多。
The little old man straightened up, and looked no longer so short, about the same size as a tall and thin man.
瘦高男子一边啃果肉，单手拎起篓子，招呼小老头：“哥，我们进去说话。你两天没来，我还以为你出事了，都想出去找你。”
The tall and thin man nibbled on the pulp, picked up the basket with one hand, and beckoned to the little old man: "Brother, let's go in and talk." You haven't been here for two days, and I thought something had happened to you, and I wanted to go out to find you. ”
“别。你就待在这里，千万不要出去，这段时间岛上在到处抓人，似乎有人逃出了监狱。”
"Don't. You just stay here and don't go out, there are arrests everywhere on the island during this time, and it seems that people have escaped from prison. ”
“真的？还有人能逃出这座岛？” "Really? Who else can escape from this island? ”
“有人这么传，但不知是真是假，不过到处找人抓人也是真的，巡逻都比以前多。”小老头解释：“前两天看守来我们村查点人数，要每个人都到场，查了两天，所有人都没敢离开村子。”
"Some people spread it, but I don't know if it's true or not, but it's also true that people are looking for people everywhere to arrest people, and there are more patrols than before." The little old man explained: "Two days ago, the guards came to our village to check the number of people, and asked everyone to be present, but after two days of inspection, no one dared to leave the village. ”
两人一前一后进入一个更宽敞的洞穴。 The two entered a more spacious cave one after the other.
小老头看洞里黑漆漆的，不由道：“你怎么没点火把，也没烧炭？这洞里这么阴冷，你生病了怎么办？”
The little old man saw that the cave was pitch black, and couldn't help but say, "Why didn't you light a torch or burn charcoal?" It's so cold in this cave, what should you do if you're sick? ”
瘦高个：“我怕火光会被人发现。” Tall and thin: "I'm afraid that the fire will be discovered." ”
“这里这么深又这么黑，一般人不会随便进来。”小老头用自己的火把点燃洞中熄灭的火堆，在弟弟面前坐下，看着弟弟狼吞虎咽的样子，叹息道：“这次清点发现村里又少了一些人，村里的管事像是没人感到奇怪，那些看守跟村人说有人来岛上招工，那些人都去角戈群岛干活过好日子去了。”
"It's so deep and so dark here, ordinary people don't just come in." The little old man lit the fire extinguished in the cave with his own torch, sat down in front of his younger brother, looked at his younger brother gobbling up, and sighed: "This inventory found that there were fewer people in the village, and the village steward seemed to be strange, and those guards told the villagers that some people had come to the island to recruit workers, and those people had gone to work in the Jiaogo Islands to live a good life. ”
瘦高个满是讽刺地道：“狗屁。” The tall and thin man said sarcastically, "Shit." ”
小老头又道：“我之前听说这个村以前最多的时候能有两千人，可近十年人口就不断减少，这两年人‘离开’得越发多，去年这时候村里还有九百多人，现在就八百不到了。”
The little old man said: "I heard before that this village used to have a maximum of 2,000 people, but in the past ten years, the population has been decreasing, and in the past two years, more and more people have 'left', and there were more than 900 people in the village at this time last year, and now there are less than 800. ”
瘦高个抹抹嘴：“哥，我们得想法子逃出去，不能在这里等死。”
The tall and thin man wiped his mouth: "Brother, we have to think of an escape, we can't wait for death here." ”
小老头皱着眉头：“他们看守得太严。而且想要逃出去必须要有船，最少也要有个木筏吧，可无论做船还是做木筏，动静都不会小，肯定会被看守们发现。可没有船，我们又哪里都去不了。”
The little old man frowned: "They are too tightly guarded. And if you want to escape, you must have a boat, at least a raft, but whether you are a boat or a raft, the movement will not be small, and it will definitely be discovered by the guards. But without a boat, we can't go anywhere. ”
“可以去隔壁的海沟岛，我听说以前就有囚犯越过了那条海沟，逃去了海沟岛。你不是说岛上又有人逃走吗，说不定他们就是逃去了隔壁。”
"You can go to Trench Island next door, I've heard that prisoners have crossed that trench and escaped to Trench Island before. Didn't you say that there were people on the island who had fled again, maybe they had just fled next door. ”
“你听谁说的？都说那海沟是要命沟，有船都过不去！”
"Who did you listen to? It is said that the trench is a deadly ditch, and even a boat can't cross it! ”
“总是个机会，那里是距离我们最近的陆地，如果那里都不行，其他地方我们更去不了。”瘦高个一咬牙，“再不行，我们就抱块木头跳进海里游过去，能活就活，不能活……我们留在这里也是死。”
"It's always an opportunity, it's the closest land to us, and if it doesn't work there, we can't go anywhere else." The tall and thin man gritted his teeth, "If it doesn't work anymore, we'll jump into the sea with a piece of wood and swim over, if we can live, we can't live...... If we stay here, we will die. ”
虫巢空间内，雷木正在跟王叶说话：“我就是看到这小老头忽然直起腰，才觉得他有些古怪。”
In the hive space, Lei Mu was talking to Wang Ye: "I just saw this little old man suddenly straighten up, and I felt that he was a little weird. ”
“小老头叫瘦高个阿榆，瘦高个叫他哥，这两人应该就是我们要找的左勤桑和左勤榆这对双胞胎兄弟。”王叶判断。
"The little old man is called the thin and tall Ah Yu, and the thin and tall man is called his brother, these two should be the twin brothers Zuo Qinsang and Zuo Qinyu we are looking for." Wang Ye judged.
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，成功找到任务目标左勤桑和左勤榆。特此奖励经验值100点。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, Xiao Wang, for successfully finding the mission targets Zuo Qinsang and Zuo Qinyu. 100 XP points are hereby awarded. 】
【溶洞群探索完成30%。】 [30% completed in the exploration of the cave group.] 】
咦？找到这对兄弟竟然也算溶洞群任务链之一？王叶反应过来，怪不得他们能来到地面上，原来溶洞群任务链也包括地面。
Hey? Finding these two brothers is even one of the quest chains of the cave group? Wang Ye reacted, no wonder they could come to the ground, it turned out that the task chain of the cave group also included the ground.
这对兄弟现在待的这个洞穴是不是有什么古怪？根据前两次系统提醒，每完成10%，都是在他发现与寄生虫有关的洞穴时，那么这里是不是也有寄生虫？
Is there something strange about the cave where the brothers are staying now? According to the first two system reminders, every 10% of the completion is when he discovers a cave related to parasites, so is there a parasite here?
王叶脑中想着其他事，嘴上说道：“章绘和他的同伴逃出海沟岛已经是一个多月前的事情，为什么囚犯岛现在才发现？还是又有其他人逃出？”
Wang Ye thought about other things in his mind, and said, "It's been more than a month ago that Zhang Hui and his companions escaped from Trench Island, why did Prisoner Island only find out now?" Or is someone else escaping? ”
雷木推测：“如果岛上犯人逃走一个月多才发现，那囚犯岛的犯人早就逃光了。应该是有新的犯人逃走，或者是村民。也有可能他们是在找左勤榆。”
Lei Mu speculated: "If the prisoners on the island had escaped for more than a month before they were discovered, the prisoners on the island would have escaped long ago." There should be a new prisoner who has escaped, or it is a villager. It is also possible that they are looking for Zuo Qinyu. ”
王叶眼睛一亮：“有可能。从左勤榆的模样可以看出，他待在这个洞穴里的时间应该不会很长。我怀疑他很可能发现了什么，被看守们囚禁起来，但在他哥帮助下逃了出来。”
Wang Ye's eyes lit up: "It's possible." From Zuo Qinyu's appearance, it can be seen that he should not stay in this cave for a long time. I suspect he may have discovered something and was imprisoned by the guards, but escaped with the help of his brother. ”
王叶忽又摇头，“也不对，如果看守们找的是左勤榆，这对兄弟不可能不知道。”
Wang Yehu shook his head again, "It's not right, if the guards are looking for Zuo Qinyu, it is impossible for the two brothers not to know." ”
雷木：“那就是又有新的犯人逃走了。” Reim: "There's a new prisoner who has escaped. ”
雷木皱起眉头：“就怕逃走的犯人已经被寄生改造。” Lei Mu frowned: "I'm afraid that the prisoners who escaped have been parasitic and reformed." ”
王叶有点冷漠地道：“那也是没办法的事。” Wang Ye said a little indifferently: "That's also something that can't be helped." ”
智慧寄生虫族显然已经在双月星潜伏了很长时间，它们就像潜伏期很长的传染病一样，一点点扩散，却不让人查知，已经知道的人不是已经死了，就是被寄生。
The intelligent parasites have apparently been lurking in the Twin Moon for a long time, and they are like infectious diseases with a long incubation period, spreading little by little, but no one can find out, and those who already know are either dead or parasitized.
等到寄生虫族在游戏世界全面爆发，已经是六年后。 By the time the parasites exploded in the game world, it was already six years later.
在寄生虫族被发现前，人们只以为这世上多了一些变异人和变异生物，很多副本都是这种变异生物主导。
Before the discovery of the parasite, people only thought that there were more mutants and mutated creatures in this world, and many copies were dominated by this mutated creature.
实际上这些变异生物都是被寄生虫族改造后的被寄生体。
In fact, these mutated creatures are all parasites modified by the parasite.
两人说话的时候，左家兄弟俩正在商讨逃出这座岛的具体方法。
While the two were talking, the Zuo brothers were discussing a specific way to escape from the island.
“我们要去接触这对兄弟吗？他们应该知道更多事情。”雷木道。
"Are we going to reach out to the brothers? There are more things they should know. "Thunderwood Road.
“再等等。”王叶心中有疑惑，这个疑惑没有解除之前，他可不放心让雷木接触两人。
"Wait." Wang Ye had doubts in his heart, and before this doubt was resolved, he didn't have to worry about letting Lei Mu contact the two of them.
左勤桑待了一会儿，怕时间太长让人怀疑，又恢复成驼背小老头的模样，离开了洞穴，走时再三叮嘱他弟不要乱跑。
Zuo Qinsang stayed for a while, afraid that the time would be too long to make people suspicious, so he reverted back to the appearance of a hunchbacked little old man, left the cave, and repeatedly told his brother not to run around when he left.
王叶留在原地没动。 Wang Ye stayed where he was and didn't move.
雷木也盯着外面那个左勤榆。 Lei Mu also stared at the Zuo Qinyu outside.
左勤榆在他哥刚走没多久，就用水把火堆浇灭了。 Not long after his brother left, Zuo Qinyu doused the fire with water.
洞内一下变得黑暗无比。 The cave suddenly became dark.
王叶关掉虫巢内所有灯光设备，让虫巢变得和外面一样暗。
Wang Ye turned off all the lights in the hive, making the hive as dark as the outside.
两人适应了一会儿光线后，雷木的眼术首先发挥作用，他看到左勤榆就像只猴子一样，极为灵活地往上攀登，爬进了洞穴岩壁上方一个狭窄通道内。
After the two of them adjusted to the light for a while, Lei Mu's eye skills came into play first, and he saw that Zuo Qinyu was like a monkey, climbing up with great agility and climbing into a narrow passage above the rock wall of the cave.
王叶操纵虫巢跟在左勤榆后面。 Wang Ye manipulated the insect nest to follow Zuo Qinyu.
左勤榆在前面爬了一段，前面出现了一片断崖。 Zuo Qinyu climbed a section in front, and a cliff appeared in front of him.
断崖对面竟然是一片蜂巢一样的岩壁，上面一个个洞穴密密麻麻，排列极为规则。
On the opposite side of the cliff is a rock wall like a beehive, and the caves on it are densely packed and arranged in an extremely regular manner.
而且这里有淡淡的荧光，不至于完全黑暗。
王叶和雷木互视，眼中都有愕然。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu looked at each other, and both were stunned in their eyes.
【溶洞群探索完成60%。】 [60% of the exploration of the cave group has been completed.] 】
竟然一下就前进了30%的进度，他们这是找到了寄生虫族比较重要的所在了吗？
They've advanced 30% of their progress at once, is it more important for them to find the parasite?
“木木，那蜂巢岩壁中有没有活物？” "Mumu, is there any living creature in the hive wall?"
“有，很多。至少有三百个。”雷木神色凝重，“而且这些活物看起来很像是……人。”
"Yes, a lot. At least three hundred. Thunderwood looked solemn, "And these creatures look a lot like ...... Person. ”
“他们在干什么？”王叶并没有太惊讶。 "What are they doing?" Wang Ye wasn't too surprised.
雷木：“他们没有活动，像是都在睡觉？” Remu: "They're not moving, like they're all sleeping?" ”
“全都躺着？” "All lying down?"
“不，也有坐着的。但都没有活动，不过都是活的。” "No, there are seated ones. But none of them were active, but they were all alive. ”
“我们过去看看。”王叶仗着他的虫巢空间没有人能看见，直接就使用轻功跳过断崖，落到对面的蜂巢岩壁边。
"Let's go over and see." Wang Ye relied on his hive space that no one could see, so he directly used light power to jump over the cliff and fell to the edge of the hive rock wall opposite.
左勤榆也爬了过来，他那动作怎么看都不像是人类，而且他的行动在黑暗中也不受任何影响。
Zuo Qinyu also crawled over, his movements didn't look like a human at all, and his movements were not affected in any way in the dark.
底部一个蜂巢洞中爬出一只鳄鱼一样的生物。 A crocodile-like creature crawls out of a honeycomb hole at the bottom.
雷木脱口道：“巨齿鳄。” Lei Mu blurted out, "Megalodon." ”
王叶也听过巨齿鳄，是一种和地球鳄鱼类似，但更凶残的远古遗留种。
Wang Ye had also heard of the megalodon, which was an ancient remnant species similar to the earth crocodile, but more ferocious.
在游戏世界，所谓的远古遗留种一般表示该生物现在的形态和远古时相差不大，能看出明显的血缘关系。
In the game world, the so-called ancient remnants generally indicate that the creature's current form is not much different from that of ancient times, and that there is a clear blood relationship.
“这是本地生物？” "Is this a native creature?"
“巨齿鳄喜欢黑暗阴湿的水域，这座囚犯岛地下溶洞群巨大，遍布整座岛屿，内部更有地下河，很适合巨齿鳄生活。”雷木怀疑他之前看到的几个强大能量团，可能就有巨齿鳄。
"Megalodon loves dark, damp waters, and this Prisoner Island is a huge group of underground caves scattered throughout the island, and there is an underground river inside, which is very suitable for Megalodon to live in." Thunderwood suspected that the few powerful energy clusters he had seen earlier might be a megalodon.
王叶忽然道：“这是一头被寄生的巨齿鳄。” Wang Ye suddenly said: "This is a parasitic giant toothed crocodile. ”
雷木看过去，就见左勤榆竟然在和巨齿鳄交谈。 Lei Mu looked over and saw that Zuo Qinyu was actually talking to the giant tooth crocodile.
“外面已经发现我们的动静，这段时间不要再出去找寄生体了，先等等，囚犯岛人口就这么点，不能竭泽而渔。”左勤榆警告巨齿鳄。
"We've already been spotted outside, don't go out to look for parasites again during this time, wait a minute, the population of Prisoner Island is like this, you can't fish with all your might." Zuo Qinyu warns the megalodon.
巨齿鳄发出了低沉的让人毛骨悚然的喉音，一声接一声，就好像在说话一样。
The megalodon emitted a low, creepy guttural sound, one after the other, as if speaking.
左勤榆像是听懂了：“那些看守也不是那么好骗的。你看那些看守，有谁主动把天赋觉醒药丸服下？他们早就察觉出囚犯不对劲，只不过他们想要掩盖住金矿的事，才没有把那些囚犯的异常上报。”
Zuo Qinyu seemed to understand: "Those guards are not so easy to deceive. Look at those guards, who took the initiative to take the talent awakening pill? They had already sensed that something was wrong with the prisoners, but they wanted to cover up the gold mines, so they didn't report the prisoners' anomalies. ”
巨齿鳄再次发声。 The megalodon spoke again.
“我们不宜现在就有大动作，到现在为止，我们才孵化多少只母虫？如果让人类察觉我们的存在，只要来几十个中级魔法师，我们这里所有同族都得完蛋。”
"We shouldn't make a big move now, how many females have we hatched so far? If humans are made aware of our existence, as long as a few dozen mid-level magicians come, all of our people here will be doomed. ”
巨齿鳄：“吼……” Megalodon: "Roar ......"
左勤榆：“你别急，我已经和黎家管事联系上，可惜对方胆子太小，不敢把我带出去。但有天赋觉醒药丸吊着他，他迟早会同意把我带出去。”
Zuo Qinyu: "Don't worry, I've already contacted the Li family's steward, but unfortunately the other party is too timid to take me out." But with the Talent Awakening Pill hanging on him, sooner or later he will agree to take me out. ”
“吼！”巨齿鳄忽然像是愤怒一样，嘴巴张开很大。 "Roar!" The megalodon suddenly seemed to be angry, and its mouth was wide open.
左勤榆后退一步：“我没有不尽心，好，我知道了，我会尽快也让对方服下药丸。我先走了，你在这里好好看守这些战虫种子，等他们进化结束，他们就是王最好的战士。你可别再偷吃了。”
Zuo Qinyu took a step back: "I'm not unsatisfied, okay, I know, I will let the other party take the pill as soon as possible." I'll go first, you take good care of these war insect seeds here, and when they finish evolving, they will be the king's best warriors. Don't steal any more. ”
“吼！”巨齿鳄喷了左勤榆一脸水。 "Roar!" The megalodon sprayed Zuo Qinyu's face with water.
左勤榆转身就跑。 Zuo Qinyu turned around and ran.
战虫！王叶心如擂鼓。 War bugs! Wang Ye's heart is like a drum.
这里竟然培育了三百多寄生虫族的战虫。 There are more than 300 parasitic war insects here.
这些战虫只要和寄生体融合完成，一醒来最低都是四级，而且成长速度和晋级速度都极快，轻轻松松就能升到八级乃至九级，就像是人类中的超级天赋战士。
As long as these war insects are fused with the parasite, they will wake up at least level four, and their growth speed and promotion speed are extremely fast, and they can easily rise to level eight or even nine, just like a super talented warrior among human beings.
他当年刷囚犯岛副本时，这些战虫压根就没有出现。也许地狱级副本里有，但前面的普通和困难都没有，否则这两个副本，六十级玩家根本刷不过去。
When he farmed the Prisoner Island dungeon back then, these war bugs didn't appear at all. Maybe there are hell-level dungeons, but there are no ordinary and difficult ones in the front, otherwise these two dungeons, level 60 players can't brush them at all.
倒是数年后，他听说精灵族被上万超级强大的天赋战士攻击，族地陷没大半，大量精灵成为寄生虫族的养料，连族地都被侵占掠夺，剩下的精灵族只能逃出族地。
However, a few years later, he heard that the elves were attacked by tens of thousands of super powerful talented warriors, and most of the clan land was submerged, and a large number of elves became the nourishment of the parasitic zerg, and even the clan land was invaded and plundered, and the remaining elves could only escape from the clan land.
当时精灵族以为是人类在攻击他们，逃出的精灵族疯了一样和人族展开大战，无论是精灵族还是人族都损失惨重。
At that time, the elves thought that the humans were attacking them, and the escaped elves fought with the human race like crazy, and both the elves and the human race suffered heavy losses.
直到有玩家在打副本时发现那些超强的天赋战士根本就不是人类，而是被寄生虫寄生改造的变异生物。
Until some players discovered that those super talented warriors were not human beings at all, but mutated creatures modified by parasites.
从此，寄生虫族战虫之名，名扬天下。 Since then, the name of the parasitic insect war insect has become famous all over the world.
而寄生虫族也直到那时才被双月星各个种族视为共同敌人，还是超级强敌，所有阵营全都合二为一，开始共同抵抗寄生虫族。
And the parasite was only then regarded as a common enemy by the various races of the Double Moon Star, or a super strong enemy, and all the factions merged into one and began to resist the parasite together.
随着和寄生虫族的战斗越来越多，双月星人这才发现他们的世界竟然已经被寄生虫族给侵袭得透透，几乎任何地方都有寄生虫族，原本的亲人、爱人、朋友、同学、同行、战宠等等，转头就能变成变异生物。
As more and more battles with the parasitic Zerg, the Twin Moon Star people realized that their world had been thoroughly invaded by the parasitic Zerg, and there were parasites almost everywhere, and the original relatives, lovers, friends, classmates, peers, war pets, etc., could turn their heads into mutant creatures.
王叶眉头一跳。 Wang Ye frowned.
他上辈子一直抱着游戏的想法，只关心自己的实力和获得的好处，对这个游戏世界关心并不多，也没有怎么研究她的背景和世界变化。
In his previous life, he had always held the idea of games, only cared about his own strength and the benefits he obtained, and did not care much about this game world, and did not study her background and world changes much.
以至于他疏忽了一件很明显的事情——寄生虫族虽然早已出现，但它们大规模攻击某地某个种族，好像就是从精灵族开始。
So much so that he overlooked an obvious thing - although the parasitic zerg had already appeared, they attacked a certain race in a certain place on a large scale, as if it started with the elves.
可精灵族本身十分强大，并不是一个很好的早期攻克目标。那寄生虫族为什么冒着被发现、甚至被打败的危险，也要先拿下精灵族？
But the elves themselves are very powerful, and they are not a good early target. Why did the parasites risk being discovered or even defeated, and they had to take down the elves first?
游戏系统又为什么把孵化精灵蛋的任务奖励定得这么高？
Why does the game system set the reward for the task of hatching elven eggs so high?
王叶感到自己似乎触碰到了某些关键，而他想要知道寄生虫族为什么那么在意精灵族，也许不止要从寄生虫族身上下手，更要去了解一下精灵族。
Wang Ye felt that he seemed to have touched some key, and he wanted to know why the parasitic zerg cared so much about the elven clan, maybe not only from the parasite, but also to understand the elven clan.
“木木，这些战虫的寄生体一个都不能留。” "Mumu, none of these war insect parasites can be left."
“当然。”雷木战意满满：“那只巨齿鳄应该就是这个巢穴的守卫。你绕到那只巨齿鳄后面，再放我出去。你在虫巢空间里待着，不要出来。”
"Of course." Lei Mu was full of war: "That megalodon should be the guard of this nest." You go around behind the megalodon and let me out. You stay in the hive space, don't come out. ”
“我和你一起。我不会拖你后腿，我会异术，也会用药，如果危险，我会迅速进入虫巢。”王叶坚持。
"I'm with you. I won't hold you back, I'll do magic, I'll use medicine, and if it's dangerous, I'll quickly get into the hive. Wang Ye insisted.
王叶没说普通毒药和迷药对付这种会魔法的生物没多大用处。就算能起效果，也要等一段时间。
Wang Ye didn't say that ordinary poisons and ecstasy were not much use against such magical creatures. Even if it works, it will take a while.
雷木定定地看了看王小叶，拍拍他的脑袋，同意。 Lei Mu looked at Wang Xiaoye steadily, patted his head, and agreed.
王叶操纵虫巢绕到了巨齿鳄的身后侧方，先把雷木放出来。
Wang Ye manipulated the insect nest to go around the side behind the megalodon and released Lei Mu first.
“翻！”雷木直接施展异术，想要把巨齿鳄掀翻过来。 "Flip!" Lei Mu directly cast a strange spell, trying to flip the giant tooth crocodile over.
巨齿鳄发出怒吼，身体翻过去的一瞬竟然就翻了过来，笨重的身体却灵活得和人类一样。
The megalodon roared, and the moment its body rolled over, it turned over, but its bulky body was as agile as a human.
雷木和巨齿鳄展开搏斗。 Thunderwood and Megalodon fight.
王叶突然出现在巨齿鳄的眼睛边上。 Wang Ye suddenly appeared next to the eyes of the megalodon.
巨齿鳄猛地张开嘴巴，咬向王叶。 The megalodon opened its mouth violently and bit Wang Ye.
王叶竟然在这时候还能笑得出来。他可没动手，是巨齿鳄先动的手，因果结下，接下来他就可以回击了。
Wang Ye could still laugh at this time. He didn't make a move, it was the megalodon that made the first move, and the cause and effect were over, and then he could fight back.
【纠缠不休】发动，因果线紧紧缠住巨齿鳄四肢，再用力一拉一掀。
[Entanglement] is activated, and the causal thread tightly wraps around the limbs of the megalodon, and then pulls and lifts it hard.
巨齿鳄再次被掀翻，露出较为柔软的腹部。 The Megalodon was flipped over again, revealing its softer belly.
雷木见机不可失，迅速跳起来爆喝：“斩！” Seeing that the opportunity could not be missed, Lei Mu quickly jumped up and shouted: "Chop!" ”
一个斩字飘起，化作锋利的锋刃斩向巨齿鳄腹部。 A slash floated up, turning into a sharp blade and slashing at the belly of the megalodon.
“吼！”巨齿鳄身体表面忽然覆盖上厚厚的冰层。 "Roar!" The surface of the Megalodon's body was suddenly covered with a thick layer of ice.
斩字落下，大量冰花溅起。 The chopping word fell, and a large number of ice splashed up.
巨齿鳄张大嘴巴，不住发出威胁声，它拼命想要翻过身，可有看不见的绳子纠缠住它的四肢，还缠到了它身上，那股力量和它翻身的力量对抗，让它无法及时翻身。
The megalodon opened its mouth wide and made a threatening sound, and it desperately tried to turn over, but there was an invisible rope entangled around its limbs and wrapped around it, and the force fought against the power of its turnover, so that it could not turn over in time.
雷木不断使用杀招，一个劲攻击巨齿鳄的腹部。可这只巨齿鳄的防守力也非常强，雷木攻击半天也只破了点皮。
Remu continued to use his killer moves, attacking the abdomen of the megalodon with all his might. But this megalodon's defense is also very strong, and Lei Mu's attack only broke a little skin for half a day.
王叶等级到底还是太低，他发现这只巨齿鳄至少有四级，想要解决它，这么硬磨可不是办法。
Wang Ye's level was still too low, and he found that this giant toothed crocodile was at least level four, and if he wanted to solve it, it was not a way to grind it so hard.
而且他们打斗的动静这么大，要是惊动了其他虫卫就麻烦了。
And their fight was so loud that it would be a problem to alarm the other insect guards.
必须速战速决！王叶一狠心，藏在虫巢中冲入巨齿鳄张大的嘴巴中。
It's a must! Wang Ye was ruthless, hiding in the worm's nest and rushing into the gaping mouth of the giant toothed crocodile.
第70章 可怕的虫巢 Chapter 70: The Terrible Hive
头部是绝大多数生物最重要的所在。 The head is the most important place for most creatures.
王叶进入巨齿鳄的嘴巴，没有片刻耽误，瞬间把虫巢给放了出来。
Wang Ye entered the mouth of the megalodon, and without a moment's delay, he instantly released the hive.
虫巢有多大？ How big is a hive?
那肯定比巨齿鳄大得多啊。 That must be much bigger than a megalodon.
一栋平均高度三米、面积约有两百平的大房子在你嘴巴里出现，就问你的脑袋还能保得住啵？
A big house with an average height of three meters and an area of about 200 square meters appears in your mouth, and you ask if your head can still be saved.
巨齿鳄当然没能保住它的脑袋，它外皮是很坚韧，普通兵器都难以留下痕迹，但它的身体内部还没练到内外都一样的程度。
Of course, the megalodon couldn't keep its head, its skin was very tough, and it was difficult for ordinary weapons to leave traces, but the inside of its body had not been trained to the same extent as inside and out.
雷木看到王小叶消失，猜到他进入了虫巢空间，就更加放手去攻击巨齿鳄，谁想巨齿鳄脑袋突然炸开。
Lei Mu saw Wang Xiaoye disappear and guessed that he had entered the hive space, so he let go even more to attack the megalodon, who would have thought that the megalodon's head would suddenly explode.
一栋八角形的怪异房屋突然出现，又在一秒后消失。 An eerie octagonal house suddenly appears and disappears a second later.
王叶在撑碎巨齿鳄脑袋的同时，突然接受到一股精神波动，更产生了一股强烈冲动。
While smashing the head of the giant toothed crocodile, Wang Ye suddenly received a mental fluctuation, and even generated a strong impulse.
这股冲动来源于虫巢的本能。 This impulse comes from the instinct of the hive.
遇到受重伤的同族，要把它收入虫巢疗伤。这就是他刚刚产生的强烈冲动。
If you encounter a seriously injured kindred, you should put it in the hive to heal the wounds. That's the strong urge he just had.
收，为什么不收？ Collect, why not?
凭借虫巢对寄生虫族精神力的本能感知，王叶迅速锁定了那只寄生虫的精神体。
Relying on the hive's instinctive perception of the parasitic Zerg's spiritual power, Wang Ye quickly locked onto the parasite's spiritual body.
脑袋炸开后的巨齿鳄身体是死了，但它的精神体还没死，还带着一块巨齿鳄身上最重要的部位打算逃跑。
After the head exploded, the body of the megalodon was dead, but its spirit body was not dead, and it was still carrying the most important part of the megalodon to escape.
但就在这时，这只寄生虫感觉到了虫巢的召唤。 But at that moment, the parasite sensed the call of the hive.
可智慧寄生虫并不会完全被本能控制，它虽然很想进入虫巢修养，但当它发现对它发出召唤的虫巢竟然就是刚才撑裂它寄生体的东西，它第一个反应就是逃跑。
But the intelligent parasite is not completely controlled by instinct, although it wants to enter the hive to recuperate, but when it finds that the hive that summoned it is the thing that has just broken its parasite, its first reaction is to run away.
王叶都锁定它了，怎么可能让它逃掉？更何况他还发现了虫巢对寄生虫的一个最大用处，那就是强制收容。
Wang Ye has locked it, how can he let it escape? What's more, he also discovered that one of the biggest uses of the hive for parasites is forced containment.
这种功能是虫巢无数年来为了救治失去行动能力或失去意识的寄生虫，而进化出的能力。
This function is an ability that the hive has evolved over countless years to treat parasites that have lost their mobility or consciousness.
谁能想到寄生虫族的虫巢竟然会被一个人类吸收融合，还被他完全控制住？
Who would have thought that the hive of the parasite would be absorbed and fused by a human and completely controlled by him?
这就导致那只寄生虫精神体连最后一点逃跑可能都消失了。
王叶先是使用【纠缠不休】缠住那只寄生虫的精神体，紧接着又用【自投罗网】强行把那只寄生虫的精神体往虫巢拖拽。
Wang Ye first used [Entanglement] to entangle the parasite's spirit body, and then used [Self-Casting Net] to forcibly drag the parasite's spirit body towards the hive.
再加上虫巢本身具有的对寄生虫族的强制收容能力，那只寄生虫精神体到底没能逃脱，被王叶吸入虫巢，直接锁在墙壁中。
Coupled with the hive itself's ability to forcibly contain the parasites, the parasite spirit body failed to escape, and was sucked into the hive by Wang Ye and locked directly in the wall.
寄生虫精神体又恨又不解，它是精神体啊，怎么会被捕捉到？还有为什么它们寄生虫族的王虫伴生物虫巢会出手对付它？难道王虫看它不顺眼，想要杀了它？
The parasite spirit body hated and puzzled, it was a spirit body, how could it be caught? And why did their parasitic Zerg companion hive come to the rescue against it? Could it be that the king worm doesn't like it and wants to kill it?
可为什么？它一心忠于王虫，兢兢业业地守着这些战虫寄生体。
But why? It is loyal to the king insects and conscientiously guards these war insect parasites.
它不就是偶尔嘴馋偷吃了几个寄生体嘛，难道就为这，王虫就要杀了它？还亲自动手？
Isn't it just an occasional gluttonous eater of a few parasites, is it just because of this, the king worm is going to kill it? Still hands-on?
可怜这只寄生虫精神体到死都没想明白。 Poor parasite spirit body didn't figure it out until he died.
在把寄生虫精神体拖入虫巢空间后，王叶再次产生了一种本能冲动。
After dragging the parasite spirit body into the hive space, Wang Ye once again had an instinctive impulse.
这次可不是救治这只寄生虫精神体，而是想要把它当做养料吸收来滋养虫巢。
This time, it is not to treat this parasite spirit body, but to absorb it as nourishment to nourish the hive.
这就是虫巢，完全被本能控制的半生物。它会把受伤的寄生虫族收入虫巢空间，但也会想要把同族们当做养料来吞噬。
This is the hive, a half-creature controlled by instinct. It will take injured parasites into the hive space, but it will also want to use its fellow Zerg as nourishment to devour.
到底是救治，还是吞噬，全看虫巢之主，也就是王虫的决定。
Whether it is to be cured or devoured depends on the decision of the master of the hive, that is, the king worm.
现在王叶就是这个虫巢的主人，他的意志也代表了虫巢的最终行为。
Now Wang Ye is the owner of this hive, and his will also represents the final behavior of the hive.
王叶连犹豫都没有，就让虫巢把那只寄生虫精神体当做养料吸收了，包括它带着的那一小块巨齿鳄身体的精华，其实就是魔晶。
Wang Ye didn't even hesitate, so he let the worm nest absorb the parasite spirit body as nourishment, including the small piece of the essence of the giant tooth crocodile's body that it carried, which was actually a magic crystal.
巨齿鳄是四级魔兽，它当然有魔晶，而且魔晶就在脑子里。
The megalodon is a fourth-level demonic beast, of course it has a magic crystal, and the magic crystal is in the brain.
寄生虫精神体在寄生体死亡的瞬间，就躲入魔晶中，之后又操纵魔晶逃跑，打算找个新的寄生体寄生。有这块魔晶，加上它的精神力，想要再改造和诞生一只四级变异魔兽那就是件很轻松的事。
The parasite spirit body hid in the magic crystal at the moment of the parasite's death, and then manipulated the magic crystal to escape, intending to find a new parasite parasite. With this magic crystal, coupled with its spiritual power, it would be very easy to transform and give birth to a fourth-level mutant demonic beast.
想得很好，可惜碰上了融合了虫巢的王叶，最终无论是它的精神力还是那块四级魔晶都便宜了王小叶。
I thought very well, but unfortunately I ran into Wang Ye who fused with the insect hive, and in the end, both its spiritual power and the fourth-level magic crystal cheapened Wang Xiaoye.
【玩家隔壁小王成功杀死四级变异巨齿鳄一只，经验值45。】
[The player next door Xiao Wang successfully killed a level 4 mutant megalodon, with an experience value of 45.] 】
【玩家隔壁小王成功杀死二级虫卫铁皮雄虫一只，经验值20。】
[The player's next door Xiao Wang successfully killed a second-level insect guard iron male insect, with an experience value of 20.] 】
虽然杀怪的经验值奖励很低，但王叶之前可没想到虫巢还有这样的功能，在雷木面前显出身形时，他弯起的嘴角还没拉平。
Although the experience reward for killing monsters is very low, Wang Ye didn't expect the insect nest to have such a function before, and when he showed his form in front of Lei Mu, the corners of his curved mouth had not been flattened.
“你怎么做到的？”雷木惊诧地看王叶。 "How did you do that?" Lei Mu looked at Wang Ye in surprise.
王叶得意道：“放出虫巢实体，巨齿鳄脑袋没有我的虫巢大，自然就撑爆了。”
Wang Ye said proudly: "Releasing the worm nest entity, the head of the megalodon is not as big as my worm nest, so it will naturally burst." ”
“厉害，没想到你还有这招。”雷木哭笑不得，这招真的是很出其不意。
"Awesome, I didn't expect you to have this trick." Lei Mu couldn't cry or laugh, this trick was really unexpected.
雷木担心王叶见谁都用这招，就提醒他：“这只巨齿鳄虽然会魔法，到底不是魔法师，如果遇到会施展防守术法的魔法师和异术师，或者遇到内外兼修身体堪比金石的武修，你这个方法并不一定能成功。而且很多魔法和异术都能直接在身体内施术，甚至能直接用自己的身体当做牢笼困住你。”
Lei Mu was worried that Wang Ye would see that everyone would use this trick, so he reminded him: "Although this giant toothed crocodile can do magic, it is not a magician after all, if you meet a magician and a magician who can cast defensive spells, or a martial artist who cultivates both inside and outside and his body is comparable to a golden stone, your method may not be successful." And a lot of magic and magic can be cast directly in the body, and you can even use your own body as a cage to trap you. ”
“我知道，我会见机使用，不会一直都用这招。”王叶嘿嘿笑，指了指地上的巨齿鳄无头尸体，“这你要吗？”
"I know I'm going to use it on the plane, and I won't use it all the time." Wang Ye smiled and pointed to the headless corpse of the giant tooth crocodile on the ground, "Do you want this?" ”
雷木摇头：“被寄生虫改造的身体，卖出去不好，烧了吧。”
Lei Mu shook his head: "The body transformed by the parasite is not good to sell, so burn it." ”
“别啊，这具身体里没有虫卵，完全可以当材料卖，这种变异体可比普通巨齿鳄更宝贵哦。”
"Don't, there are no eggs in this body, it can be sold as a material, this mutant is more valuable than ordinary megalodons."
“我不用，你收起来吧。毕竟是你打死的。” "I don't need to, you can put it away. After all, you killed it. ”
王叶见雷木真不想要，这才收起巨齿鳄的尸体，转眼就让虫巢吸收了，但他控制虫巢留下了巨齿鳄的牙齿和皮。
Wang Ye saw that Lei Muzhen didn't want it, so he put away the body of the megalodon, and let the hive absorb it in a blink of an eye, but he controlled the hive and left the teeth and skin of the megalodon.
这两样东西也是巨齿鳄身上最值钱的部分，尤其这只巨齿鳄的身体被寄生虫改造过，不管是牙齿还是鳄鱼皮的质量都远超普通四级巨齿鳄。卖出去能卖不少钱，如果不卖，也可以当做材料留给雷木将来学习炼金用。
These two things are also the most valuable parts of the Megalodon, especially the body of this Megalodon has been modified by parasites, and the quality of both teeth and crocodile skin is far superior to that of ordinary fourth-level Megalodon. If you sell it, you can sell it for a lot of money, and if you don't sell it, you can also use it as a material for Lei Mu to learn alchemy in the future.
“还好我们战斗结束得比较快。不过以防万一，我们的速度还得再快点。”王叶现在知道虫巢有强制收容寄生虫族、还能把它们转变成养料的能力，更是不会放过这些洞穴中的战虫寄生体。
"Luckily, we ended the fight relatively quickly. But just in case, we'll have to go faster. "Wang Ye now knows that the insect hive has the ability to forcibly contain parasites and turn them into nutrients, and he will not let go of the war insect parasites in these caves.
不过他首先得确认这些人的自我意识是否都已经彻底消失，再也救不回来。
But first he had to make sure that the self-consciousness of these people was completely gone, and that they could never be saved.
对别人，辨识寄生体的意识是否还存在也许很困难，毕竟寄生虫族具有智慧，更融合了寄生体的记忆，只要它们愿意，可以惟妙惟肖地伪装原寄生体说话做事。
It may be difficult for others to discern whether the consciousness of the parasite is still there, after all, the parasites are intelligent and have the memories of the parasites, and they can vividly disguise the protoparasites to speak and act if they want to.
但王叶本身精神力就很强，凭借上辈子的经验，他可以清楚分辨两者的不同，如今拥有虫巢，更是可以直接分辨寄生体中的精神体到底是原装货还是寄生虫族。
But Wang Ye himself has a strong mental power, with the experience of his previous life, he can clearly distinguish the difference between the two, and now that he has a hive, he can directly distinguish whether the spirit body in the parasite is the original or the parasitic Zerg.
所以他不用唤醒那些寄生体，只要直接接触对方，就能查知对方身体中的精神体到底属于谁。
Therefore, he does not need to wake up those parasites, as long as he directly touches the other party, he can find out who the spirit body in the other party's body belongs to.
很可惜，这个蜂巢洞穴中一共三百零六具寄生体，所有人的精神体都已经消失，只剩下寄生虫的意识。
It's a pity that there are a total of three hundred and six parasites in this hive cave, and all of them have disappeared, leaving only the consciousness of parasites.
王叶当着雷木的面，检查一具就利用虫巢收起一具。 Wang Ye inspected one in front of Lei Mu and used the insect nest to put away one.
当他收起最后一具寄生体。 When he put away the last parasite.
【玩家隔壁小王成功杀死正在变异中的战虫变异寄生体306具，经验值7650点。】
[The player's next door Xiao Wang successfully killed 306 mutant parasites of war insects that were mutating, with an experience value of 7650 points. 】
【玩家隔壁小王成功杀死优质战虫306只，经验值7650点。】
[The player next door Xiao Wang successfully killed 306 high-quality war insects, with an experience value of 7650 points. 】
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到26276点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到七级。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, after deducting the experience points that have been used, the player's experience points have accumulated to 26276 points, meet the upgrade conditions, and the game level will be upgraded to level seven.] 】
王叶乐。直接跳了一级，他从五级跳到了七级。 Wang Yele. Jumping directly one level, he jumped from level five to level seven.
这种好事可不多，三百多寄生虫变异体，还是战虫，就这么躺着让他杀。
There are not many good things like this, more than 300 parasite mutants, or war insects, just lie down and let him kill.
麻烦的是，这些战虫和他无冤无仇，他主动杀害它们，就欠了它们因果。
The trouble is that these war insects have no grievances with him, and he takes the initiative to kill them, so he owes them cause and effect.
可他也不可能傻夫夫地就为了不欠因果，就把它们先喊醒，等它们攻击自己再反攻，那费的事也太大，变数也太大。
But he can't just wake them up in order not to owe cause and effect, and then counterattack when they attack him, the cost is too big and the variables are too big.
算了，欠因果就欠因果，他想办法从其他地方找补回来就是。
Forget it, if you owe cause and effect, you owe cause and effect, and he will find a way to make up for it from other places.
再说真从大因果论，他这绝对是在为世界消灭害虫。这些寄生虫族对能量的渴求和掠夺，可比人类夸张多了，而且完全不懂得可持续发展。
Besides, from the theory of great cause and effect, he is definitely exterminating pests for the world. These parasites are much more energy-hungry and predatory than humans, and they don't know how to be sustainable at all.
明明有智慧，却还是如此贪婪。 He is wise, but he is still so greedy.
雷木不知道王叶是如何处理那些被寄生体，但王小叶说他能彻底解决，不会让这些寄生虫出来害人，他就全权交给了对方。
Lei Mu didn't know how Wang Ye dealt with those parasites, but Wang Xiaoye said that he could solve it completely and would not let these parasites come out to harm people, so he gave it to the other party.
“这个蜂巢洞穴中能量很充足，所以才会被寄生虫族选为培养战虫的地方，不知道这后面是不是有什么宝贝？”王叶敲打洞壁说。
"There is a lot of energy in this hive cave, so it was chosen by the parasite as a place to cultivate war insects, I wonder if there is any treasure behind this?" Wang Ye knocked on the cave wall and said.
雷木已经用眼术扫过整个蜂巢洞穴，当即告诉王叶答案：“说不出来是什么，这个蜂巢洞穴似乎是个整体，本身就具有很强大的能量。”
Lei Mu had already swept the entire hive cave with his eye technique, and immediately told Wang Ye the answer: "I can't tell what it is, this hive cave seems to be a whole, and it has very powerful energy in itself." ”
“不是魔晶矿？”王叶猜测。 "Not a Crystal Mine?" Wang Ye guessed.
雷木摇头：“能量反应不像。” Lei Mu shook his head: "The energy reaction is not like that. ”
王叶来了兴趣，手掌贴着洞壁施展了鉴定术。 Wang Ye became interested, and his palm pressed against the cave wall to perform the identification technique.
百科全书展开，一段文字浮现：【某种巨兽的骨骼化石，距今约有1.6亿年。骨骼化石中蕴含一定能量，其质地坚硬，可做炼金材料，也可做药材。作为药材可以强骨健身，对骨伤愈合有极佳作用。】
The encyclopedia unfolds, and a text emerges: [The fossilized skeleton of a certain giant beast, about 160 million years ago. Fossil bones contain a certain amount of energy, and their texture is hard, which can be used as alchemical materials and medicinal materials. As a medicinal material, it can strengthen bones and fitness, and has an excellent effect on bone healing. 】
王叶精神一振，立刻再次鉴定：“鉴定是否与之前的长骨通道为同一物种的骨骼。”
Wang Ye's spirit perked up, and he immediately identified it again: "Identify whether it is the skeleton of the same species as the previous long bone channel." ”
【是。】 [Yes.] 】
“鉴定蜂巢是原本就有，还是后来人为建造。” "Determine if the hive was originally there or if it was built man-made."
【非原有，人为改造结果。】 [Not the original, the result of artificial transformation. 】
王叶跳出蜂巢洞穴，仰头看这整面蜂巢墙壁。 Wang Ye jumped out of the hive cave and looked up at the entire hive wall.
这是什么巨兽，一块骨头竟然就如此巨大，更死了那么多年，骨骼化石还能含有如此强大的能量。
What kind of giant beast is this, a bone is so huge, and it has been dead for so many years, and the fossilized bone can still contain such powerful energy.
如果这巨兽还活着，那又是怎样一副光景？ If the beast is still alive, what would it look like?
雷木不解他的举动：“小叶子？你发现了什么？” Lei Mu was puzzled by his actions: "Little leaf? What did you find? ”
“这是骨头化石，和之前那根巨骨通道的巨骨来自同一只远古巨兽。”王叶道。
"This is a bone fossil, and the giant bone from the previous giant bone passage comes from the same ancient beast." Wang Ye said.
雷木骇然：“这么大的巨兽？不会这整座囚犯岛都是那只远古巨兽的骸骨形成的吧？”
Lei Mu was shocked: "Such a big beast? Isn't it possible that this entire prisoner island was made from the bones of that ancient beast? ”
“很有可能。寄生虫族可真会选地方。”王叶知道这蜂巢洞穴壁整体都有用处，自然不会放过。
"Quite possibly. Parasites really know how to choose places. Wang Ye knew that the walls of this hive cave were useful as a whole, so he naturally wouldn't let them go.
不过他的空间太小，他想吃下这么大一块洞壁，必须对虫巢进行二次升级。
However, his space is too small, and if he wants to eat such a large piece of the cave wall, he must upgrade the hive twice.
“木木，我需要一点时间让虫巢空间升级，但我不知道升级需要多久时间。不过这次不需要你再守护我，我可以直接进入虫巢空间内部升级，隐藏起来。”
"Mumu, I need a little time to upgrade the hive space, but I don't know how long it will take. But this time, I don't need you to protect me anymore, I can directly enter the hive space to upgrade and hide. ”
雷木这时已经不指望王叶和他两人能在剩下的不到两个月时间孵化那只精灵蛋，自然也就不在乎王小叶的升级时间。
Lei Mu didn't expect Wang Ye and the two of them to hatch that elf egg in less than two months at this time, so he naturally didn't care about Wang Xiaoye's upgrade time.
“没事，你去升级，我自己在岛中转转。” "It's okay, you go to level up, I'll walk around the island by myself."
“木木，你要小心。”王叶不想雷木一个人出去转，怕他被寄生虫寄生，但他也不能让雷木一直守着他。雷木这辈子不是他的傀儡，他有自己的想法。
"Mumu, you have to be careful." Wang Ye didn't want Lei Mu to go out alone, for fear that he would be parasitized by parasites, but he couldn't let Lei Mu guard him all the time. Remu is not his puppet in this life, he has his own ideas.
雷木知道小孩在担心什么，揉揉他的光脑袋：“我会小心，只查探，不接近。”
Lei Mu knew what the child was worried about, and rubbed his bare head: "I will be careful, only probe, not approach." ”
王叶顾不得会不会被游戏系统察觉不对，提醒雷木道：“就算你不接近，那些寄生虫自己也会飞，如果你发现有变异体快要死亡，就赶紧离开远远的。寄生虫会在被寄生体即将死亡时脱离，寻找新的寄生体。等等！”
Wang Ye didn't care if the game system would notice that something was wrong, and reminded Lei Mu: "Even if you don't get close, those parasites will fly by themselves, if you find that a mutant is about to die, quickly leave far away." The parasite will break away from the parasite when it is about to die, looking for a new parasite. Wait a minute! ”
王叶一拍脑门，“我傻了，差点忘了一件事。木木，你的眼睛可以看到能量体对不对？”
Wang Ye slapped his head, "I was stupid, I almost forgot one thing." Mumu, your eyes can see the energy body, right? ”
雷木没有否认。这就是两个人太过亲密的坏处，小叶子很多秘密瞒不过他，他的秘密同样瞒不过小叶子。
Raimu did not deny it. This is the disadvantage of two people being too close, Xiao Yezi can't hide many secrets from him, and his secrets can't be hidden from Xiao Yezi either.
王叶笑：“这可是大好事。寄生虫族之所以让人头大，就是因为它们的寄生能力和把寄生体变成自己的身体的能力。但寄生虫族也有一个极大弱点，那就是它们的本体其实非常脆弱，这也是寄生虫族需要寄生体的原因。就好像人类需要铠甲和武器，而寄生体就是那些寄生虫族的铠甲、武器和载体。”
Wang Ye smiled: "This is a great thing. The reason why parasites are big is because of their parasitic ability and the ability to turn parasites into their own bodies. But parasites also have a great weakness, that is, their bodies are actually very fragile, which is why parasites need parasites. It's as if humans need armor and weapons, and parasites are the armor, weapons, and carriers of those parasites. ”
王叶告诉了雷木对付寄生虫族的诀窍：“如果寄生虫族藏在寄生体内，你不用担心被寄生的问题。如果它们跑出来，你用你的眼术查看周围，发现生物的能量体就用火烧。四级以下的寄生虫族绝大多数都怕火，极少数不怕火的也可以强行拍死。注意，它们有的速度非常快，你要时刻警惕，千万记住不要让它们碰触到你，一点都不可以。”
Wang Ye told Lei Mu the trick of dealing with parasitic zergs: "If the parasitic zerg hides in the parasitic body, you don't have to worry about being parasitized. If they come out, you use your eyes to look around and see the energy bodies of the creatures and burn them with fire. The vast majority of parasites below level 4 are afraid of fire, and a very small number of people who are not afraid of fire can also be forcibly shot to death. Be careful, they are very fast, you have to be vigilant at all times, and remember not to let them touch you, not at all. ”
“另外寄生虫族的精神力十分强大，等级越高，精神力就越强，它们身体柔弱，但它们可以用精神力攻击你，让你恍惚，然后趁机钻入你身体。所以你发现寄生虫时，可以使用空间封印，你的空间封印也可以拒绝精神体进入对不对？”
"In addition, the spiritual power of the parasitic zerg is very strong, the higher the level, the stronger the spiritual power, they are weak, but they can attack you with mental power, make you trance, and then take the opportunity to drill into your body. So when you find a parasite, you can use a spatial seal, and your spatial seal can also deny the spirit body entry, right? ”
雷木：“对。” Remu: "Yes. ”
王叶又找出几样药材，现场制作了一瓶药丸子，塞给雷木：“这种药，我叫做驱虫药。不过因为药材的原因，这只是最简单版，对一级的寄生虫族很有效，哪怕它们钻入你的身体，只要你能在半小时内服下，越早越好，它们就会因为忍受不住药性，自己跑出来。但要注意母虫会下卵在你身上。所以最好能在五分钟内服用。”
Wang Ye found a few more medicinal materials, made a bottle of pills on the spot, and stuffed it to Lei Mu: "This medicine, I call it anthelmintic medicine." However, because of the medicinal materials, this is only the simplest version, and it is very effective against the first-level parasites, even if they burrow into your body, as long as you can take it within half an hour, the sooner the better, they will run out on their own because they can't stand the medicinal properties. But beware that the mother worm will lay eggs on you. So it's best to take it within five minutes. ”
“二级以上成虫就要碰运气了，如果它们钻入你体内，你立即服下，也有可能把它们驱赶走。但只要超过五分钟，它们开始影响你的身体，这药丸对它们的效用就会变得极低。”
"Adults above the second level are going to try their luck, if they burrow into you, you take them immediately, and it is possible to drive them away. But after more than five minutes, they start to affect your body, and the pill becomes extremely ineffective against them. ”
雷木感动，小家伙真的为他想得面面俱到，看他那模样，简直恨不得把他全副武装起来。
Lei Mu was moved, the little guy really thought about everything for him, and looking at his appearance, he couldn't wait to arm him completely.
王叶又塞了一大把打火机给雷木，以防他能量耗尽，异术使不出来。
Wang Ye stuffed a large handful of lighters into Lei Mu again, in case he ran out of energy and couldn't use his magic skills.
雷木啼笑皆非地收下。 Lei Mu accepted it with a smile.
“行了，你就在这里升级吧，我会每天过来看看你。如果我们彼此因为某些原因分散，也不用担心，这座岛就这么大，总会找到。”
"Alright, you can level up here, I'll come and see you every day. If we are separated from each other for some reason, don't worry, this island is so big, it will always be found. ”
“别，你不用来这里。左勤榆很可能会经常过来，就算他不来，也应该会有其他虫卫过来这边查看，一旦让它们发现这里的虫卫和战虫寄生体全都消失，那些寄生虫必然会疯狂。你过来这里太危险，我们还是在岛上见，就在之前我们出来的那座小山那里好了。”
"No, you're not here. Zuo Qinyu is likely to come over often, even if he doesn't come, there should be other insect guards coming here to check, once they find that the insect guards and war insect parasites here are all gone, those parasites will inevitably go crazy. It's too dangerous for you to come here, and we'll see you on the island, right on the hill we came out of before. ”
“好。我三天过去一趟，傍晚到。” "Good. I went once in three days, and I arrived in the evening. ”
“木木，这个给你。”王叶又想起一物，赶紧拿出一块便宜的电子手表给雷木：“这个可以看时间。就约在傍晚七点。”
"Mumu, this is for you." Wang Ye thought of something again, and quickly took out a cheap electronic watch and gave it to Lei Mu: "This can see the time." It was about seven o'clock in the evening. ”
雷木很快学会如何看时间，对这个手表很是感兴趣，他怕弄坏手表，把手表收进了空间，打算需要看时间的时候再拿出来。
Raimu quickly learned how to read the time, and was very interested in this watch, he was afraid of breaking the watch, so he put the watch in the space, planning to take it out when he needed to see the time.
王叶目送雷木背影离开，他也不知道怎么的，只要雷木离开他稍微远一点、久一点，他就满心不安。
Wang Ye watched Lei Mu's back leave, he didn't know how, as long as Lei Mu left him a little farther and longer, he was full of uneasiness.
他太害怕在他看不见的地方，雷木又变成上辈子那无意识的傀儡模样。
He was too afraid that in a place where he couldn't see, Reimu would turn into the unconscious puppet of his previous life.
害怕也没办法，还是那句话，他不可能一直把雷木拘束在自己身边，尤其在他升级无知觉的时候。
There is no way to be afraid, it is still the same sentence, he can't keep Lei Mu by his side all the time, especially when he escalates his ignorance.
他想要保住雷木，最佳的方法就让自己变强再变强。 If he wants to keep Remu, the best way is to make himself stronger and stronger.
王叶不再耽误时间，他随便找了个蜂巢洞穴钻了进去，就开始了二次升级虫巢。
Wang Ye didn't waste any more time, he casually found a hive cave and drilled into it, and began to upgrade the hive twice.
刚才他吸收了三百零七具寄生体和同样数量的寄生虫，除了一只铁皮虫，其他都是寄生虫族资质和天赋都极为优秀的战虫一族，虫巢其实已经有要升级的势头，只不过被他强行压制下来。
Just now he absorbed three hundred and seven parasites and the same number of parasites, except for one iron worm, the others are all parasitic insect clans with extremely excellent qualifications and talents, and the worm hive actually has the momentum to upgrade, but it was forcibly suppressed by him.
如今不需要再压制，虫巢就开始疯狂成长。 Now that there is no need to suppress it, the hive begins to grow wildly.
王叶有意识地控制着虫巢的成长方向。 Wang Ye consciously controls the growth direction of the hive.
而为了更好地升级虫巢，他很坏地紧贴在蜂巢洞壁上，打起了一旦能量不够就直接吸收这块远古巨兽骨头化石的主意。
And in order to better upgrade the hive, he clung to the wall of the hive cave very badly, and came up with the idea of directly absorbing this ancient giant beast bone fossil once the energy was insufficient.
次日，左勤榆带了一个囚犯过来。 The next day, Zuo Qinyu brought a prisoner over.
“这是什么地方？你真的有办法带我逃走？” "What kind of place is this? Do you really have a way to get me away? ”
“只要你说出的藏金币地点真的有金币，我的人找到后，就会通知我，而你也会真正离开这座岛。”
"As long as there are gold coins in the place where you want to hide them, my people will notify me when they find them, and you will actually leave this island."
“你不要骗我，敢骗你爷爷的人如今都在地下待着了。你爷爷杀过的人没有一百，也有七八十。”囚犯狰狞道。
"Don't lie to me, the people who dare to lie to your grandfather are now staying underground. Your grandfather has killed not a hundred, but seventy or eighty. The prisoner said fiercely.
左勤榆讽刺道：“骗你？如果我要骗你，你觉得我还会浪费力气和精力，花费大量钱财打通关系，把你从看守严密的监狱里带出来？”
Zuo Qinyu said sarcastically: "Lying to you? If I were to lie to you, do you think I would waste my strength and energy and spend a lot of money to get you out of a high-security prison? ”
这可是他精挑细选的寄生体，强壮、健康、好斗、残忍、天赋好，非常适合战虫寄生。
This is his carefully selected parasite, strong, healthy, aggressive, cruel, and talented, and very suitable for fighting insects.
囚犯不说话了，要不是这样，他也不会相信这个原本是看守、后来失踪的家伙。
The prisoner stopped talking, and if it weren't for that, he wouldn't have believed this guy who was a guard and then disappeared.
“你想离开这座岛，我想获得财富，我不坑你，你也别想坑我。”左勤榆又道。
"You want to leave this island, I want to get rich, I won't cheat you, and you don't want to cheat me." Zuo Qinyu said again.
囚犯忍不住：“应该是我担心你吧。我怎么知道你在外面的人拿到我藏起来的金币后，你会真的帮我离开这座岛？”
The prisoner couldn't help it: "I should be worried about you." How do I know that you're really going to help me get out of this island after someone outside gets the gold coins I've hidden? ”
左勤榆轻蔑道：“我都把你从监狱里弄出来了，你觉得我还会差一艘小船送你离开？”
Zuo Qinyu said contemptuously: "I got you out of prison, do you think I will send a small boat to send you away?" ”
“那就好，如果你真的对我下手，你爷爷我也会跟你拼个鱼死网破。”
"That's good, if you really attack me, your grandfather and I will fight with you to the death."
“呵。你还是担心自己乘坐的小船不会在海上翻掉吧。”
"Huh. You're still worried that your boat won't capsize at sea. ”
囚犯见左勤榆这样说，反而放心了。至于小船会不会翻，那就看他的运气吧。
When the prisoner saw Zuo Qinyu say this, he was relieved. As for whether the boat will capsize, it depends on his luck.
左勤榆停下脚步，指了指蜂巢洞穴：“你先在这里待两天，只要我收到消息，拿到金币，我就会带你走地下水道，让你逃离这座岛。”
Zuo Qinyu stopped and pointed to the beehive cave: "You stay here for two days first, as long as I receive the news and get the gold coins, I will take you to the underground waterway and let you escape from this island." ”
囚犯打着火把仰头看蜂巢洞穴，惊叹：“这是天然形成，还是你挖出来的。”
The prisoner looked up at the hive cave with a torch and exclaimed: "Is this a natural formation, or did you dig it?" ”
“你说呢。去吧，随便你找哪个洞穴，这是一点食物和淡水，过两天，我再来找你。这里地势复杂，下面更有些可怕的存在，你要是不想死，就别乱跑。”
"What do you say? Go, whatever cave you want, here's a little food and fresh water, and in two days, I'll come back to you. The terrain here is complicated, and there are some terrifying beings down there, so if you don't want to die, don't run around. ”
“行了，爷爷知道了。”囚犯已经感受到自由的滋味，虽然还是很小心，但笑容已经出现在他脸上。
"Okay, grandpa knows." The prisoner had already felt the taste of freedom, and although he was still careful, a smile had already appeared on his face.
左勤榆转头就走，他一点都不想看到这个囚犯被巨齿鳄吃掉，或者被寄生虫寄生的过程。
Zuo Qinyu turned his head and left, he didn't want to see this prisoner being eaten by a megalodon or parasitic by a parasite.
这也让左勤榆没能及时发现这里的守卫巨齿鳄已经消失，包括蜂巢洞穴中的寄生体一起。
This also prevented Zuo Qinyu from discovering in time that the megalodon, the guard here, had disappeared, including the parasites in the hive cave.
那囚犯则在底层洞穴溜达来溜达去，最后选了一个洞穴住下。
The prisoner wandered around the bottom cave, and finally chose a cave to live in.
隔日，左勤榆没来，来了两只虫卫。 The next day, Zuo Qinyu didn't come, and two insect guards came.
这两只虫卫寄生了地下水道中的真蚓螈，与蚯蚓相似的身体，经过变异后，却能像蛇一样在地上快速游走。
These two insect guards parasitize the true earthworm newt in the underground waterway, and the body similar to the earthworm can swim quickly on the ground like a snake after mutation.
它们带来了一只战虫卵。 They brought a war bug egg.
战虫卵产出不易，每只战虫母虫产卵十只就会死亡。 It is not easy to produce war insect eggs, and each war insect mother will die after laying ten eggs.
而虫母想要诞育战虫母虫也不容易，需要大量能量。 And it is not easy for the mother worm to give birth to the mother worm of the war bug, and it requires a lot of energy.
可虫母还负担着诞育王虫和其他寄生虫族的责任，光是王虫的孵化和培育就能耗尽虫母的心血。
But the mother worm is also responsible for giving birth to the king worm and other parasites, and the hatching and cultivation of the king worm alone will exhaust the mother's hard work.
如此，因为能量和时间限制，岛上的寄生虫族经过百年培育，才达到现在的规模。
In this way, due to energy and time constraints, the parasitic tribe on the island has been cultivated for hundreds of years before reaching its current size.
这还是这座原本无人的岛屿突然多出了很多智慧种族人类后，它们寄生虫族的发展速度才略微加快了一些。
This is only after this originally uninhabited island suddenly had many intelligent races of humans, and the development speed of their parasitic race has accelerated slightly.
寄生虫族可以寄生任何活物，但它们最喜欢的还是智慧种族。因为会和寄生体融合的关系，如果是和非智慧种族融合，也会影响到寄生虫族的智慧。
Parasites can parasitize any living thing, but their favorite is the Sapient Race. Because of the relationship between merging with parasites, if it is fused with non-intelligent races, it will also affect the intelligence of the parasites.
相反，如果融合的是智慧种族，寄生虫就能融合对方的知识和经验，并让自己变得更聪明。
Conversely, if the fusion is an intelligent race, the parasite will be able to fuse each other's knowledge and experience and make themselves smarter.
真蚓螈来到蜂巢洞壁，呼唤巨齿鳄。 The true earthworm comes to the wall of the hive cave and calls out to the megalodon.
等了好一会儿，巨齿鳄都没有出现。 After waiting for a while, the megalodon did not appear.
两名真蚓螈虫卫觉得不对劲了，它们迅速去查看蜂巢洞穴内的战虫寄生体。
The two True Worm Guards sensed that something was wrong, and they quickly went to check on the war insect parasites in the hive cave.
结果发现，三百多具寄生体竟然全部消失！ It turned out that more than 300 parasites had all disappeared!
真蚓螈虫卫差点疯了，就在这时它们撞上了在洞里睡觉的某惯匪囚犯。
The True Worm Guards almost went crazy when they bumped into a habitual prisoner sleeping in the cave.
这囚犯也是倒霉，他看到两只真蚓螈，顿觉肚子饿了，也不觉得它们长得恶心人，就想杀掉它们烤了吃。
The prisoner was also unlucky, he saw two real newts, and suddenly felt hungry, and did not think they looked disgusting, so he wanted to kill them and roast them.
变异的真蚓螈向囚犯冲过去，囚犯同样。 The mutated true newt rushed towards the prisoner, and so did the prisoner.
两边碰到一起。 The two sides bumped into each other.
只是普通武者的囚犯不到一会儿就倒下，被两只真蚓螈塞了虫卵，拖走了。它们要把这人带回去审问，询问这里发生了什么事情，那么多战虫寄生体，还有虫卫变异巨齿鳄都去了哪里。
It's just that the prisoner of an ordinary martial artist fell down in less than a moment, and was stuffed with eggs by two true earthworms and dragged away. They were going to bring this man back and interrogate him, asking what was going on here, where all the worm parasites and the mutant megalodon had gone.
囚犯不说也没关系，只要虫卵在他身体内孵化，融合囚犯的精神体，自然就能得到囚犯的所有记忆。
It doesn't matter if the prisoner doesn't say it, as long as the worm eggs hatch in his body and fuse with the prisoner's spiritual body, he will naturally be able to get all the memories of the prisoner.
此时，两只真蚓螈完全没发现它们寄生虫族用来培养战虫寄生体的蜂巢洞壁从最上方开始蚀化。
At this time, the two true vermicots did not notice that the walls of the hive caves used by their parasites to cultivate the parasites of war insects began to erode from the top.
失去能量的骸骨化石变成了灰烬，扑簌簌落下。 The fossilized bones that had lost their energy turned to ashes and fell in a plop.
原本莹润雪白的石壁转眼就变得灰暗易碎。 The originally smooth and snow-white stone wall became gray and brittle in the blink of an eye.
可寄生虫族现在还不知道这一点，自然也没能及时阻止，等它们再次赶过来搜寻线索时，就发现整一个巨大的蜂巢洞壁竟然消失了！
But the parasites didn't know this yet, and naturally they couldn't stop it in time, and when they rushed over to search for clues again, they found that the entire huge hive cave wall had disappeared!
原地只剩下一个超大的黑暗洞穴，就好像某种远古怪兽张大了它的巨口。
All that was left was an oversized dark cavern, as if some ancient monster had opened its jaw.
洞壁后面被堵住的地下水哗哗地冲进断崖，变成了一个地下瀑布。
The groundwater blocked behind the cave wall rushed into the cliff and turned into an underground waterfall.
第71章 和左勤桑碰头 Chapter 71: Meet Zuo Qinsang
虫巢升级完毕，王叶就把虫巢收入体内，兴冲冲地就要跑去找雷木。
After the insect nest was upgraded, Wang Ye took the insect nest into his body, and was about to run to find Lei Mu in a hurry.
哗啦！ Crash!
刚从虫巢出来，王叶就泡入了冰凉的冷水中。 As soon as he came out of the hive, Wang Ye soaked in the cold water.
我这是在哪儿？ Where am I?
我不是在蜂巢洞壁那边吗？ Am I not on the other side of the hive cave wall?
王叶都要被水泡傻了。 Wang Ye is going to be stupid by the blister.
水流一直在往下流，还比较湍急，王叶被冲得直往深处坠落。
The water has been flowing downward, and it is still relatively turbulent, and Wang Ye was washed straight into the depths.
王叶立即再次进入虫巢，并打开了防水狼眼手电装到了虫巢外面。这样就起到了外亮内暗的作用，让他不至于摸黑前行。
Wang Ye immediately re-entered the hive, and turned on the waterproof wolf's eye flashlight and installed it outside the hive. In this way, it plays the role of light on the outside and dark on the inside, so that he will not move forward in the dark.
不过就在他操纵虫巢想要上浮时，忽然看到水底下有什么。
But just as he manipulated the hive to float, he suddenly saw something underneath the water.
王叶改变方向，操纵虫巢往水底下行去。 Wang Ye changed direction and manipulated the insect nest to go underwater.
快要落到水底时，王叶看到了一座房子。 When he was about to fall to the bottom of the water, Wang Ye saw a house.
太诡异了，竟然在水底下有一座房子。 It's so weird that there's a house under the water.
这里距离水面至少有五十米深。 It is at least fifty meters deep from the water.
王叶操纵虫巢围着房子转了一圈。 Wang Ye manipulated the insect nest to circle around the house.
这是一栋石屋，房子不大，占地约三十平，是比较少见的圆锥形建筑。房屋整体是圆柱形，顶部是个锥形。
This is a stone house, the house is not large, covering an area of about 30 square meters, and it is a relatively rare conical building. The house as a whole is cylindrical in shape, with a tapered top.
房子有一扇窗户，不过窗户用木头挡住，看不见房屋里面什么样。
The house has a window, but the window is blocked by wood, so you can't see what's inside the house.
木头有些腐烂，上面长了一些水草，顺着水流飘荡。乍一看，就好像一个长发女人把头伸出窗户。
The wood was a little rotten, and some aquatic plants grew on it, drifting along the current. At first glance, it looks like a long-haired woman sticking her head out of a window.
偏偏那木窗上还有两个圆点，特别像眼睛。 But there are two dots on the wooden window, which are especially like eyes.
有些东西不能想，你越想越看就越觉得像。 There are some things that you can't think about, and the more you think about it, the more you look at it, the more it feels.
王叶没找到门，这古怪的石屋竟然只有一扇窗户，门和烟囱一类一概没有。
Wang Ye didn't find the door, and this strange stone house only had one window, and there were no doors or chimneys.
王叶思考再三，到底没有试图进入这座房屋。 Wang Ye thought about it again and again, but he didn't try to enter this house in the end.
这么一座水下房屋，要说没古怪那几乎不可能。 It's almost impossible to say that such an underwater house is not weird.
但现在他只想先和雷木汇合，其他不妨等以后再说。 But for now, he just wants to meet up with Lei Mu first, and he might as well wait until later.
王叶刚刚转身，就听到背后传来“吱嘎”一声。 As soon as Wang Ye turned around, he heard a "squeak" from behind him.
王叶转头，就看到那紧闭的木窗子被从里面掀开了一条缝。
Wang Ye turned his head and saw that the closed wooden window had been lifted from the inside.
这木窗子是比较老式的上悬窗，可以往外推，也可以从里面拉起来。
This wooden window is an old-fashioned top-hung window that can be pushed out or pulled up from the inside.
打开的缝隙就像是无声的邀请。 The open crevices are like silent invitations.
狼眼手电的光正正照在打开的窗户缝上。 The light of the wolf's eye flashlight was shining on the crack in the open window.
王叶毫不迟疑，扭头就跑。 Wang Ye did not hesitate, turned his head and ran.
这种鬼片经典场面，除了不得不演的恐怖片主角们，谁进谁傻。
This kind of classic scene of ghost movies, except for the protagonists of horror movies who have to play, who is stupid.
等把虫巢升到水面上，王叶才发现他为什么会落入水里。
When the nest was raised to the surface of the water, Wang Ye found out why he fell into the water.
之前那面蜂巢洞壁被他吸收了三分之一，还有三分之二被他当做材料收入了虫巢中，如果不是这样，他也不会在第六天就升级完毕。
He had absorbed one-third of the walls of the hive cave before, and two-thirds of it had been used as material by him to enter the hive, and if it hadn't been for that, he wouldn't have finished upgrading on the sixth day.
一来他不想让雷木久等。 First, he didn't want to keep Reimu waiting.
二来则是他觉得为了升级虫巢把骸骨化石全吸收了有点浪费。这可是找都找不到的好药材，以后拿给师父，师父肯定高兴死。
Second, he felt that it was a bit of a waste to absorb all the bone fossils in order to upgrade the hive. This is a good medicinal herb that can't be found, and if you give it to Master in the future, Master will definitely die of joy.
洞壁没了，后面的地下河就没了遮挡物，他原本收掉骸骨洞壁，是直接落在了地面上，但地下河水流冲过来，就把他冲下了断崖。
The cave wall is gone, and the underground river behind him has no shelter, and he originally collected the bone cave wall and fell directly to the ground, but the underground river rushed over and washed him off the cliff.
断崖下面有一个水潭，他就是落入了那个水潭中。 There was a waterhole at the bottom of the cliff, and he fell into it.
王叶想要向雷木炫耀新虫巢的心不可抑制，在原地没多做停留就顺着来时的道路飞了出去。
Wang Ye's desire to show off the new insect hive to Lei Mu was irrepressible, and he flew out along the road he came from without stopping for long.
他可以使用精神力操纵虫巢，就像驾驶飞车一样，还不用手动驾驶。
He can use his psychic power to manipulate the hive, just like driving a flying car, without having to drive it manually.
可等他飞到约定的小山那儿，一直等到傍晚八点也没有把雷木等来。
But when he flew to the agreed hill, he waited until eight o'clock in the evening and did not wait for Lei Mu.
王叶还把手表拿出来看，上面同时显示了日期，没错，就是他和雷木分别的第六天。
Wang Ye also took out his watch and looked at it, and the date was displayed on it at the same time, yes, it was the sixth day of his and Lei Mu's separation.
按照雷木说的三天来一次，现在这个时候他应该来了。 According to what Remu said, he should come once every three days, and now he should be here at this time.
除非他来不了。 Unless he can't come.
顿时，王叶脑中就浮起了各种可怕的想象。 Suddenly, all kinds of terrifying imaginations floated in Wang Ye's mind.
又等了半个小时，王叶感受到了什么是度秒如年。 After waiting for another half an hour, Wang Ye felt what degrees and seconds were like years.
以后再也不让木木离开他了，不对，他应该想个法子和雷木建立起联系，避免以后再出现这种想找人找不到、只能自己瞎想瞎担心的情况。
In the future, he will never let Mu Mu leave him again, no, he should find a way to establish contact with Lei Mu, so as to avoid this situation in the future, where he can't find someone and can only think and worry about himself.
王叶想要去找雷木，又担心他刚离开，雷木就找来。 Wang Ye wanted to find Lei Mu, but he was worried that as soon as he left, Lei Mu would find him.
“咔嚓。”树枝被踩断的声音响起。 "Click." The sound of branches being trampled on sounded.
王叶立刻转头看向声响发出的的地方。 Wang Ye immediately turned his head to look at the place where the sound came from.
一个小老头从树丛后面慢慢探出头，看到王叶，试探地问：“你是小叶子？”
A little old man slowly poked his head out from behind the bushes, saw Wang Ye, and asked tentatively, "Are you Xiao Yezi?" ”
王叶假装不知道小老头身份，问他：“你是谁？” Wang Ye pretended not to know the identity of the little old man and asked him, "Who are you?" ”
小老头可能觉得一个小孩子没什么可怕的，就从树丛后面走出来，“你先说说你哥的名字。”
The little old man probably thought that there was nothing to be afraid of a small child, so he came out from behind the bushes, "You tell me your brother's name first." ”
“我哥叫雷木，怎么了？” "My brother's name is Lei Mu, what's wrong?"
小老头舒了口气，“那就对上了。你哥让我每天傍晚过来看看，如果看到你，就带你去找他。”
The little old man breathed a sigh of relief, "That's right." Your brother asked me to come over every evening to see you, and if I saw you, I would take you to him. ”
“现在都快入夜了。”王叶站在原地没动。 "It's almost nightfall now." Wang Ye stood still and did not move.
小老头抬头看天，“我们这儿傍晚不这么算，只要太阳还挂在海边上，那就是傍晚。”
The little old man looked up at the sky, "We don't count the evening here, as long as the sun is still hanging on the seashore, it will be evening." ”
“我哥怎么了？你怎么会认识我哥？” "What's wrong with my brother? How did you know my brother? ”
小老头看小孩警惕的模样，哂笑：“放心，我不会害你，我已经知道你们是来救我和阿榆的，你们真厉害，竟然能混进来，还没让看守们发现。”
The little old man looked at the child's vigilant appearance and laughed: "Don't worry, I won't harm you, I already know that you are here to save me and Ah Yu, you are so amazing, you can actually get in, and you haven't let the guards find out." ”
王叶仍旧没动，小老头只好吐露更多：“你哥救了我。我差点被一个变异怪物给拖走吃掉，幸好他就在附近，听到响动过来，杀死了那只变异怪物。”
Wang Ye still didn't move, and the little old man had to confide more: "Your brother saved me." I was almost dragged and eaten by a mutant monster, but luckily he was nearby, heard the noise, and killed the mutant monster. ”
小老头又道：“我想报答你哥，结果你哥说只要我回答他几个问题就可以。其中一个问题，他问我认不认识左勤桑和左勤榆。你哥说他是佣兵，接了左勤桑儿子发布的任务，进来查探他父亲和亲叔叔的生死情况。”
The little old man said again: "I want to repay your brother, but your brother said that as long as I answer a few questions from him, it will be fine." In one of the questions, he asked me if I knew Zuo Qinsang and Zuo Qinyu. Your brother said that he was a mercenary, and he took the task issued by Zuo Qinsang's son and came in to investigate the life and death of his father and uncle. ”
“而我就是你们要找的左勤桑。我说出来时，你哥还不相信，我不得不拿出一些证明，证明我是我。”小老头对王叶招手：“这里不是说话的地方，你跟我来。你哥似乎发现了什么，他进了监狱区。”
"And I'm the Zuo Qinsang you're looking for. When I said it, your brother still didn't believe it, and I had to show some proof that I was me. The little old man beckoned to Wang Ye: "This is not the place to talk, you come with me." Your brother seems to have discovered something, and he went into the prison area. ”
“我哥怎么会进入监狱区？”王叶跟在小老头身后向山下走去。
"How did my brother get into the prison area?" Wang Ye followed the little old man and walked down the mountain.
小老头扭头竖起手指，示意从现在开始最好不要发出声音。
The little old man turned his head and cocked up his fingers, signaling that it was best not to make a sound from now on.
两人一前一后，小老头走得很慢，非常符合他扮演的人设。
The two of them walked one after the other, and the little old man walked very slowly, which was very in line with the character he played.
小老头没有带王叶进入感恩村范围，而是带着他向另一头走。
The little old man did not take Wang Ye into the range of Thanksgiving Village, but took him to the other end.
路上有巡逻队，但小老头带着他完美避开了巡逻队。 There was a patrol on the road, but the little old man took him to avoid the patrol perfectly.
大约走了半个多小时，小老头伸手指向远处的建筑群：“那边就是监狱区。”
说着，小老头突然弯身，从地面拉起一片草丛，原来这竟是伪装的木板入口，上面铺设了草块。
小老头支起木板，弯腰往下走。 The little old man propped up the plank and bent down to walk down.
王叶跟上。 Wang Ye followed.
等王叶下去后，小老头和他交换位置，又伸手把支架拿下来，重新把木板盖好。
After Wang Ye went down, the little old man exchanged places with him, reached out and took down the bracket again, and covered the wooden board again.
小老头仍旧示意王叶不要说话，从墙边摸了一支火把，费劲巴拉地用打火石点燃，举着火把往里走。
The little old man still motioned to Wang Ye not to speak, touched a torch from the wall, lit it with flint and steel with great difficulty, and walked in with the torch.
王叶注意到这条通道一半是人工挖掘，一半是天然。 Wang Ye noticed that the passage was half artificially excavated and half natural.
天然的就不说了，人工挖掘的段落，墙壁和地面都没怎么整修，草根和树根爬的到处都是。
Not to mention the natural ones, the sections excavated by hand, the walls and the ground have not been repaired much, and grass roots and tree roots crawl everywhere.
就这么走了大约十来分钟，小老头在一个像是房间的地方停下，还指了指房间内的小木凳，示意王叶坐下说话。
After walking like this for about ten minutes, the little old man stopped in a place that looked like a room, and pointed to the small wooden stool in the room, motioning for Wang Ye to sit down and talk.
“当年我就是靠这条通道才逃了出来。”小老头直起腰，叹息。
"That's how I got out back then." The little old man straightened up and sighed.
“当然，这条通道不是我挖的，我也不知道这条通道是谁挖出来的。我当时知道了这个囚犯岛的最大秘密，被人追杀，对方在我颈子上割了一刀，把我扔进了一个废弃的茅坑里。”
"Of course, I didn't dig this passage, and I don't know who dug it. I knew the biggest secret of this prisoner island at the time, and I was hunted down, and the other party cut me in the neck and threw me into an abandoned pit. ”
小老头跟说古一样，还带手势的：“我以为我死定了，谁想到那茅坑大概长时间没有人使用，里面的粪便都干涸了，然后可能经常有人往下扔重物，导致茅坑底部和这条通道之间的土层被砸穿，我就是顺着那个洞滑进了这条通道。”
The little old man said the same as the ancient, with a gesture: "I thought I was dead, who would have thought that the pit would probably be unused for a long time, and the feces in it would have dried up, and then there might have been people throwing heavy objects down, causing the soil layer between the bottom of the pit and this passage to be smashed through, and I just slid into this passage along that hole." ”
“我也是命大，竟然在通道里找到了止血的苔藓，不过那时我不知道那是能止血的药草，我就是死马当活马医，抓了一把苔藓就往脖子上抹，竟然活了下来。”
"I was also fateful, and I actually found moss to stop bleeding in the passage, but at that time I didn't know that it was a herb that could stop bleeding, I was a dead horse as a live horse doctor, grabbed a handful of moss and wiped it on my neck, and I survived."
“后来我就顺着这条通道逃到了感恩村，遇到一个老头，就是我现在扮演的这个，他把我藏了起来，但一个多月后，他忽然把我绑在房间里，他自己坐在床上，把整个屋子都点燃了。”
"Later, I fled along this passage to Thanksgiving Village, and met an old man, the one I am playing now, who hid me, but after more than a month, he suddenly tied me to the room, and he sat on the bed by himself, and set the whole house on fire."
左勤桑满脸迷茫，他到现在都想不明白老头为什么要那样做。如果是想弄死他，为什么连自己也烧死？
Zuo Qinsang's face was full of confusion, and he still couldn't understand why the old man did that. If you want to kill him, why do you burn yourself?
“火焰烧断了我的绳子，我逃了出来。但老头被烧死了，他始终坐在床上。我到现在都还记得他看着我逃出去时的眼神，太古怪了。”
"The flames burned my rope and I escaped. But the old man was burned to death, and he remained on the bed. I still remember the look in his eyes as he watched me escape, it was so weird. ”
王叶安静没说话，左勤桑挺唠叨，也许是平时装哑巴憋得太狠，看到一个没有威胁力的小孩，就絮絮叨叨说了半天。
Wang Ye didn't speak quietly, Zuo Qinsang was quite nagging, maybe he usually pretended to be dumb and held back too hard, and when he saw a child who was not threatening, he chattered for a long time.
“……我弟伪装成看守来找我，但他因为太急着找我，露出了马脚，他发现有人要害他，就利用看守的身份逃了出来，没敢再回去监狱区。”
“…… My brother disguised himself as a guard and came to me, but he was too anxious to find me, and he found out that someone was trying to harm him, so he used his position as a guard to escape, and did not dare to go back to the prison area. ”
“你把这些也跟我哥说了吗？”王叶终于开口问道。 "Did you tell my brother about that?" Wang Ye finally asked.
“否则他怎么会相信我？”左勤桑苦笑。 "How else would he believe me?" Zuo Qinsang smiled bitterly.
“我哥为什么会进入监狱区？”王叶再次问道。 "Why did my brother enter the prison area?" Wang Ye asked again.
左勤桑：“我正准备告诉你。我弟失踪了，就在三天前。我出去找我弟，才碰到一只变异的怪物，然后你哥救了我。我把身份告诉你哥后，又把我和阿榆的情况跟他说了，我恳求他帮我寻找阿榆。我怀疑我弟很可能被看守们发现，抓进了监狱区。”
Zuo Qinsang: "I was about to tell you. My brother disappeared, just three days ago. I went out to look for my brother, only to run into a mutated monster, and then your brother saved me. After I told my brother my identity, I told him about me and Ah Yu, and I begged him to help me find Ah Yu. I suspect that my brother was probably discovered by the guards and taken to the prison area. ”
左勤桑苦涩地道：“我想请你哥和我一起去监狱区救我弟，但你哥嫌弃我跟着碍事，就让我留下，他自己去了。”
Zuo Qinsang said bitterly: "I want to ask your brother to go to the prison area with me to save my brother, but your brother dislikes me and gets in the way, so he let me stay, and he went by himself." ”
王叶冷笑：“你之前跟我说，我哥是发现了什么，才进入监狱区，现在又变成是帮你进入监狱区找你弟了？”
Wang Ye sneered: "You told me before, my brother found something before he entered the prison area, and now he has helped you enter the prison area to find your brother?" ”
左勤桑忙道：“你别误会，我发誓我没有一个字的假话。你哥进去监狱区找我弟是真的，他发现了什么也是真的。”
Zuo Qinsang hurriedly said: "Don't get me wrong, I swear I don't have a word of lie." It's true that your brother went into the prison ward to look for my brother, and what he found out is also true. ”
“那他发现了什么？” "And what did he find?"
“我不知道。哦，他让我告诉你一句话，说他买的魔兽蛋已经和他建立了精神联系，让你不要担心。”
"I don't know. Oh, he asked me to tell you a word that the Warcraft egg he bought has established a spiritual connection with him, so you don't have to worry. ”
什么？！王叶差点气炸。 What?! Wang Ye almost blew up.
他都还没有和雷木建立起精神联系，那个破精灵蛋竟然抢先一步？
He hadn't even established a spiritual connection with Remu, and that broken elf egg was actually one step ahead?
这都还没孵化呢就这么讨厌，等孵化了还不知道怎样。 It's so annoying before it hatches, and I don't know what to do when it hatches.
左勤桑看小孩脸变黑，还以为小孩也想要那只魔兽蛋。 Zuo Qinsang saw the child's face turn black, and thought that the child also wanted the monster egg.
毕竟魔兽蛋如果能成功孵化，而且魔兽等级比较高的话，好好养，那可是一个不小的助力。
After all, if the Warcraft eggs can be successfully hatched, and the level of Warcraft is relatively high, it will be a big help if they are well raised.
“你哥这么能干，以后肯定能再给你买一只……” "Your brother is so capable, I will definitely be able to buy you another ...... in the future"
“再买一只？一只就够够了！我就算要养，也不会养这种赔钱的大坑货。”王小叶愤愤道。
"Buy another one? One is enough! Even if I want to raise it, I won't raise this kind of money-losing big pit goods. Wang Xiaoye said indignantly.
左勤桑恍然：原来不是弟弟想要哥哥的魔兽蛋，而是看不上，也不想让哥哥养？
Zuo Qinsang suddenly said: It turns out that it's not that my younger brother wants my brother's monster eggs, but I don't like it and don't want my brother to raise it?
王叶抱臂：“我哥是不是跟你交代后，就进去了监狱区？”
Wang Ye hugged his arms: "Did my brother go into the prison area after explaining to you?" ”
左勤桑点头，“是这样。” Zuo Qinsang nodded, "That's right." ”
“他还跟你说了什么？” "What else did he tell you?"
“没有了，他只让我每天傍晚到那座小山上等你，把他的下落和他那句话转告给你，其他就什么都没有提。”
"No, he only asked me to wait for you on that hill every evening, and told you about his whereabouts and his words, and nothing else."
王叶沉思，雷木完全没必要和左勤桑交代这么一句话，那么他为什么特意要让对方转告这么一句？
Wang Ye pondered, Lei Mu didn't need to explain such a sentence to Zuo Qinsang, so why did he deliberately ask the other party to tell such a sentence?
精灵蛋能和雷木建立精神联系，那它肯定有了自己的完整意识。
If the elven egg can establish a spiritual connection with Thunderwood, then it must have a complete consciousness of its own.
而精灵蛋又为什么会和雷木建立精神联系？ And why did the elf egg establish a spiritual connection with Thunderwood?
雷木又为什么在交代了左勤桑后，就立即进入监狱区？ Why did Lei Mu enter the prison area immediately after explaining to Zuo Qinsang?
综合推断，答案只有一个，那就是：监狱区里有那个坑货需要的东西。
Comprehensively, there is only one answer, and that is: there is something in the prison area that the pit goods need.
而那个坑货感觉到让自己孵化的东西就近在眼前，可不就急了嘛。
And that pit creature felt that the thing that he had hatched was close in front of him, so he was in a hurry.
王叶的推断非常正确，精灵蛋确实感觉到了一样对它很重要的东西，为此不惜和雷木建立精神链接，指使雷木去找那东西。
Wang Ye's inference was very correct, and the elf egg did feel something very important to it, so he did not hesitate to establish a spiritual link with Lei Mu and instructed Lei Mu to find that thing.
雷木不想自己和小叶子被精灵族追杀，如果因为材料找不到而无法在期限内孵化成功，那也是没办法的事，可现在精灵蛋能自己指路对他有用的东西在何方，雷木自然也不想浪费这样的好机会。
Lei Mu didn't want to be hunted down by the elves because he and Xiao Yezi couldn't be hunted down by the elf clan, and if he couldn't hatch within the time limit because the materials couldn't be found, there was no way, but now that the elf egg could show him where the things were useful to him, Lei Mu naturally didn't want to waste such a good opportunity.
正好左勤桑又怀疑他弟左勤榆被看守们抓进监狱区……实际上，雷木亲眼看到左勤榆被两个人带走了。
It happened that Zuo Qinsang suspected that his brother Zuo Qinyu was arrested by the guards and put in the prison area...... In fact, Lei Mu saw Zuo Qinyu being taken away by two people.
雷木怀疑那两人是被寄生虫寄生的变异人，不敢靠近，只敢远远地跟着。
Reimu suspected that the two were mutants parasitized by parasites, and did not dare to approach, but only dared to follow from a distance.
他隐约听到那两人质问左勤榆知不知道战虫寄生体出事的事，又问他虫卫巨齿鳄在哪里。
He vaguely heard the two of them questioning Zuo Qinyu if he knew anything about the accident with the war insect parasite, and asked him where the insect guard giant tooth crocodile was.
左勤榆说他不知道，说他按照吩咐带了一个健康强大的囚犯过去交给巨齿鳄，但他在那儿等了一会儿，没看到巨齿鳄出来，因为巨齿鳄不让他进入那些蜂巢洞壁，他也没敢进去找，就让那囚犯留在那儿，他就走了。
Zuo Qinyu said that he didn't know, and said that he brought a healthy and strong prisoner over to the Megalodon as instructed, but he waited there for a while, and didn't see the Megalodon come out, because the Megalodon didn't let him enter the walls of those hive caves, and he didn't dare to go in to find it, so he let the prisoner stay there, and he left.
两人也不知道有没有相信左勤榆所说，仍旧要带他去见什么人。
The two didn't know if they believed what Zuo Qinyu said, and they still wanted to take him to meet someone.
左勤榆就跟他们走了。 Zuo Qinyu left with them.
而三人也确实是进入了监狱区。 And the three of them did enter the prison area.
不过三人不是从正门进入，而是从一扇看起来很隐蔽的小门进入。
However, the trio did not enter through the main entrance, but through a small door that looked hidden.
雷木没有跟进去，他又转而去盯梢左勤桑，结果左勤桑因为找不到弟弟，在山林里到处乱走，遇到了一只被寄生虫寄生的变异生物。
Lei Mu didn't follow up, he turned to keep an eye on Zuo Qinsang, but because Zuo Qinsang couldn't find his younger brother, he walked around in the mountains and forests and encountered a mutated creature parasitized by parasites.
对方大概是想把左勤桑当做食物带回去。 The other party probably wanted to take Zuo Qinsang back as food.
雷木看左勤桑危险，就出手救了他，同时杀死了那只狗不像狗、虫子不像虫子的变异怪物。
Lei Mu saw that Zuo Qinsang was in danger, so he rescued him, and at the same time killed the mutated monster whose dog was not like a dog and a bug that was not like a bug.
雷木一直很小心寄生虫跑出来，他在杀死那只变异怪物的同时施展了异术“火”，把那只变异怪物给烧成了灰。
Reimu had been careful that the parasite would come out, and while killing the mutant monster, he cast a magic spell called "fire" to burn the mutant monster to ashes.
左勤桑因此感激他，他就有意透露出他是受雇来找他们兄弟的，并拿出了左援给出的信物。
Zuo Qinsang was grateful to him for this, so he deliberately revealed that he was hired to find their brother, and took out the token given by Zuo Yuan.
左勤桑一见信物，对雷木更是推心置腹，除了岛中有黄金这个秘密外，其他能说的事，他全都告诉了雷木。
As soon as Zuo Qinsang saw the token, he was even more confident about Lei Mu, except for the secret that there was gold on the island, he told Lei Mu everything else he could say.
他还跟雷木提到一件事，他说有人在跟监狱长做生意，购买一种很特殊的药丸，而左勤桑怀疑那种药丸和人命有关。因为自从那药丸出现，监狱区和感恩村失踪的人就越来越多。
He also mentioned one thing to Lei Mu, he said that someone was doing business with the prison warden and buying a very special pill, and Zuo Qinsang suspected that the pill had something to do with human life. Because since the pill appeared, more and more people have gone missing in the prison area and Thanksgiving Village.
虽然看守们找了理由，说那些人都被招工走了，但左勤桑很确定没有人来囚犯岛招工。
Although the guards found an excuse that those people had been recruited and left, Zuo Qinsang was very sure that no one had come to Prisoner Island to recruit workers.
但左勤桑还没有查到那药丸的详细，他重点都放在了金矿上。
But Zuo Qinsang hadn't found out the details of the pill yet, and he focused on the gold mine.
雷木对金矿没多大兴趣，他对药丸很在意，可惜左勤桑知道得不多。
Lei Mu didn't have much interest in gold mines, he cared about pills very much, but unfortunately Zuo Qinsang didn't know much.
雷木又问左勤桑知不知道外面来人都住在哪里。 Lei Mu asked Zuo Qinsang again if he knew where the people from outside lived.
左勤桑告诉他，外面来探亲的和办事的人员都住在看守楼那边，位于监狱区正大门的外面。
Zuo Qinsang told him that the people who came to visit relatives and run errands lived on the side of the detention building, outside the main gate of the prison area.
雷木已经确定左勤榆被寄生，但对左勤桑还不能确定。 Lei Mu has determined that Zuo Qinyu is parasitized, but he can't be sure of Zuo Qinsang.
不过看左勤桑说话做事都很正常，半点被寄生的模样都没有，雷木对左勤桑说的话信了六成。
However, seeing that Zuo Qinsang spoke and acted normally, he didn't look parasitic at all, and Lei Mu believed what Zuo Qinsang said.
左勤桑可能怕自己就此陷在囚犯岛，再也无法出去，连自己是替人受罪的同时，也是帮助上面查探囚犯岛内部秘密的事也说了。
Zuo Qinsang may be afraid that he will be trapped on Prisoner Island and will never be able to go out again, and even said that while he is suffering for others, he is also helping the above to investigate the secrets inside Prisoner Island.
上面有位侯爵答应他，如果他能办成这件事，就会请国王陛下赐给他们家一个子爵的爵位。
One of the marquis above promised him that if he could do this, he would ask His Majesty to give them the title of viscount.
虽然是最低爵位，但能进入贵族行列，是很多富人毕生的追求。
Although it is the lowest title, being able to enter the ranks of nobility is the lifelong pursuit of many wealthy people.
左勤桑把那侯爵的名字也告诉了雷木，还跟他说，如果他和左勤榆两人不能出去，希望他能把那个侯爵的名字告诉他儿子。
Zuo Qinsang also told Lei Mu the name of the marquis, and told him that if he and Zuo Qinyu couldn't go out, he hoped that he could tell his son the name of the marquis.
同时他还说出他怀疑这个囚犯岛的庇护伞也是一位侯爵，对方娶了春木上国国王的私生女为妻，在他们锡雨国很低调，但势力很大。
At the same time, he also said that he suspected that the umbrella of this prisoner island was also a marquis, and the other party married the illegitimate daughter of the king of the Haruki kingdom, which was very low-key in their Xiyu country, but had a lot of power.
左勤桑进来后刻意结交了不少人，他手头有钱，家里还经常给他送东西，这让他可以到处撒钱撒囚犯岛少见的东西来结交囚犯，甚至是看守。
After Zuo Qinsang came in, he deliberately made friends with a lot of people, he had money in hand, and his family often sent him things, which allowed him to throw money everywhere to make friends with prisoners and even guards.
因为结交的人多，左勤桑进来半年左右就打听到金矿的消息，之后他又为了确证和寻找金矿入口在哪儿，更加大力气结交一些“大人物”。
Because of the large number of people he made friends, Zuo Qinsang inquired about the news of the gold mine about half a year after he came in, and then he made more efforts to make friends with some "big people" in order to confirm and find where the entrance to the gold mine was.
可能就因为他的动静太大，终于惊动了看守们…… Maybe it was because his movement was so loud that he finally alarmed the guards......
王叶听说雷木通过这条地道进入了监狱区，当即就要也进入这个监狱区探一探。
Wang Ye heard that Lei Mu had entered the prison area through this tunnel, and he immediately wanted to enter this prison area to explore.
左勤桑忙阻止他：“你还是小孩子，那里面可不是你能去的地方。”
Zuo Qinsang hurriedly stopped him: "You are still a child, and this is not a place for you to go." ”
“哦，我不是普通小孩子，否则我哥怎么会带我过来一起做任务。”王叶一副身怀绝技的傲然样。
"Oh, I'm not an ordinary child, otherwise how would my brother bring me over to do a mission together." Wang Ye looked proud of his skills.
左勤桑心想也是，那雷木看着不像是不着调的，怎么也不可能带一个拖累过来做任务。
Zuo Qinsang thought to himself, that Lei Mu didn't look like he was out of tune, and it was impossible to bring a drag over to do the task.
左勤桑认定小小的王叶也是异术师，看他的目光都不一样了：“这条通道被我设置了一些机关，需要我带你过去。进入监狱区后，你务必要注意三点……”
Zuo Qinsang thought that the little Wang Ye was also a magician, and his eyes were different: "I have set up some traps in this passage, and I need to take you there." Once you enter the prison area, you must pay attention to three things......
第72章 监狱见闻 Chapter 72: Prison Experience
左勤桑打开作为遮挡的伪装土板，示意王叶直接爬上去就可以。
Zuo Qinsang opened the camouflage soil board as a shield and motioned for Wang Ye to climb up directly.
王叶看看地面和边沿干涸的粪便，身影转瞬消失。 Wang Ye looked at the dried feces on the ground and edges, and his figure disappeared in an instant.
左勤桑吓了一跳，直到听到耳边有人对他说：“我进去了。”
Zuo Qinsang was startled, until he heard someone in his ear say to him, "I'm in." ”
王叶操纵虫巢飞出上方茅坑。飞出来才觉得傻，他能用虫巢隐身，为什么非要走这条通道？
Wang Ye manipulated the insect nest to fly out of the pit above. I felt stupid when I flew out, he could use the hive to steal, why did he have to take this passage?
算了，就当验证左勤桑的话是否属实吧。 Forget it, let's verify whether Zuo Qinsang's words are true.
左勤桑心想怪不得那小鬼天不怕地不怕敢往监狱区闯，原来他能隐身。
Zuo Qinsang thought to himself, no wonder that little ghost was not afraid to dare to break into the prison area, it turned out that he could be invisible.
左勤桑无比羡慕，如果他有这样的能力，调查那个金矿还用这么费事吗？
Zuo Qinsang was extremely envious, if he had such ability, would it take so much trouble to investigate that gold mine?
可惜没有人能心想事成，更不能什么好处都占尽。他羡慕别人有异能，别人说不定在羡慕他出生就是富人。左勤桑摇头叹息一声，压下心中不切实际的渴望，把土板盖上，沿原路返回。
It's a pity that no one can make their wishes come true, let alone take advantage of everything. He envied others for their abilities, and others might be envious that he was born rich. Zuo Qinsang shook his head and sighed, suppressed the unrealistic desire in his heart, covered the earthen slab, and returned along the same road.
这是一个被废弃的角落。 It's an abandoned corner.
这点很有意思，监狱中极少有废弃不用的部分，除非损坏太厉害，或者曾经发生过特别离奇或凄惨的事件。
It's interesting to note that there are very few abandoned parts of a prison unless they are so badly damaged, or there has been a particularly bizarre or tragic incident.
从这边的牢房设施，包括厕所来看，虽然被废弃了一段时间，但并没有多少破损。
Judging from the cell facilities on this side, including the toilets, although they have been abandoned for a while, there is not much damage.
往前走，通道被封住，是那种实心的大铁门，还没有锁眼。
Walking forward, the passage was sealed, and it was one of those large solid iron gates, without keyholes.
门走不通，王叶只好寻找管道。 The door couldn't get through, so Wang Ye had to look for a pipe.
经过一扇紧闭的木门时，王叶特意停顿了一下。 When passing through a closed wooden door, Wang Ye deliberately paused.
这就是左勤桑告诉他的三个注意中的第一个，注意千万不要打开废弃区关闭的牢房门，不管听到什么动静都不要打开。
This is the first of the three attention that Zuo Qinsang told him, be careful not to open the closed cell door in the abandoned area, and do not open it no matter what movement you hear.
现在废弃区所有牢房的门要么是敞开的，要么就是半遮半掩，只有这一扇被紧紧关上。
The doors of all the cells in the abandoned area are now either open or half-hidden, and only this one is tightly closed.
“咚！”木门内传出有什么东西被砸到或推到墙上的声音。
"Boom!" The sound of something being smashed or pushed against a wall could be heard from inside the wooden door.
低沉的说话声响起。 A deep voice rang out.
王叶贴了过去。这不是什么诡异事件，门后百分百是活的生物。
Wang Ye pasted it. It's not a weird event, it's 100% alive behind the door.
木门下方有个长方形门洞，可以把餐盘一类的东西从这个小洞里滑进去。
There is a rectangular opening under the wooden door through which you can slip things like dinner plates in.
牢房内的两人半点没注意到木门下方的门洞板被推开了一条很细的缝隙。
The two men in the cell didn't notice that the opening under the wooden door had been pushed open by a thin slit.
“你别说了，威胁我也没用。我要离开这座该死的囚犯岛！还有半个月，我的刑期就结束了，谁也不能阻止我离开。”头发剃光，面目凶恶的男子焦躁地走来走去。
"Don't say it, it's useless to threaten me. I'm leaving this damn prisoner's island! In half a month, my sentence will be over, and no one can stop me from leaving. The man with shaved hair and a fierce face walked around anxiously.
另一人看起来斯文得多，说话却如针似刀：“你知道了那么多秘密，还想走？难道你忘了之前那些刑期到期的囚犯都去了哪儿？那里面应该有不少人还是你处理的吧。”
The other person looked much more gentle, but spoke like a needle: "You know so many secrets, and you still want to leave?" Have you forgotten where the prisoners who had their sentences had gone? There should be a lot of people in there who are still handled by you. ”
光头男发狠道：“他们明明答应我会让我带着酬劳离开。否则我怎么会给他们乖乖卖命这么长时间。他们不能说话不算数。”
The bald man said fiercely: "They clearly promised me that I would leave with the pay. Otherwise, how could I have given them so long to work so hard. They can't talk and don't count. ”
“那如果他们就是不让你走呢？”斯文男冷笑：“那可是金矿，只我们目前开采出来的量，很可能连这岛屿金矿储藏量的百分之一都没有。你想，他们会愿意让秘密泄露吗？”
"And what if they just won't let you go?" Sven Nan sneered: "That's a gold mine, only the amount we have mined so far is probably not even one percent of the gold reserves on this island." Would they be willing to let the secret leak, you think? ”
光头男用力搓了搓光头：“所以我来找你了。我知道你小子一定有办法。不要说你不想离开，明眼人都能看出来，那些看守很显然打算把这个岛的囚犯都当做矿工来用，不到死都不会放他们离开。”
The bald man rubbed his bald head vigorously: "That's why I'm looking for you." I know you kid has a way. Don't say you don't want to leave, anyone with a discerning eye can see that the guards obviously intend to use the prisoners of this island as miners, and they won't let them go until they die. ”
光头男加大自己的砝码：“一人计短，二人计长。你帮我，我也会帮你，我们两个任何一个都难以逃出这座岛，但如果我们俩合作，我们不但能逃出去，还能把我们积累下来的金子带出去。”
The bald man increased his weight: "One person counts short, two counts long." You help me, I will help you, neither of us can escape from this island, but if we work together, we will not only be able to escape, but also take out the gold we have accumulated. ”
斯文男没有立刻给予回复。 Sven Nan did not reply immediately.
光头男怕斯文男拒绝他，甚而去告发他，他又拿出了一个筹码：“我弄到了两颗药丸，就是大家暗中传说服下去可以有一定几率觉醒天赋能力甚至是魔力的魔药。”
The bald man was afraid that Sven Nan would reject him, and even went to denounce him, so he took out another bargaining chip: "I got two pills, which are potions that everyone secretly says can have a certain chance of awakening talent and even magic power if you take them." ”
斯文男突然发出嗤声：“那种药丸你也敢吃？如果真的是这样好的魔药，为什么看守们要拿到监狱来卖？在外面，这种可以觉醒魔力和天赋能力的魔药，哪怕只有一成几率，也能卖出天价。”
Sven Nan suddenly sneered: "You dare to take that kind of pill too?" If it really is such a good potion, why do the guards take it to prison and sell it? Outside, this kind of potion that can awaken magic and natural abilities, even if there is only a 10% chance, can be sold for a sky-high price. ”
“但我们看到了真实的例子。有几个弱鸡不就是服食了觉醒魔药，才变成天赋者。他们一获得力量，就反过来把曾经欺辱他们的囚犯都杀了。”
"But we're seeing real examples. There are a few weak chickens who have just taken the Awakening Potion and become gifted. As soon as they gained strength, they in turn killed all the prisoners who had humiliated them. ”
“那他们为什么不逃出去？”斯文男头脑冷静：“我就问你，如果你拥有了特别的能力，你会甘心老老实实地继续待在这座岛上？会让看守们继续压制你管制你吗？”
"Then why didn't they run away?" Sven Nan was cool-headed: "Let me ask you, if you have special abilities, will you be willing to stay on this island honestly?" Will the guards continue to suppress you and control you? ”
“也许他们是为了金矿？” "Maybe they're in it for the gold mines?"
“那他们为什么不去夺取金矿？” "Then why don't they go and seize the gold mines?"
光头男摩挲光头，原地绕了两圈：“你说得对，这里面确实有问题。”
The bald man rubbed his bald head and circled around the spot twice: "You're right, there is indeed a problem here." ”
“药丸呢？我看看。”斯文男伸手。 "What about pills? Let me see. Sven stretched out his hand.
光头男打哈哈：“我没带身上，以后给你看吧。” The bald man haha: "I didn't bring it with me, I'll show it to you later." ”
斯文男眼中闪过讽刺，这人用药丸勾引他，却不带在身上，明显没诚意。而且他都说到这种程度了，这人显然对药丸还不死心。
Sven Nan's eyes flashed with sarcasm, this person used medicinal pills to seduce him, but he didn't bring it with him, obviously insincere. And he's talked about it to this extent, this person obviously hasn't given up on pills.
去试吧，试完了说不定你就不想再离开这座岛了。 Go ahead and try it, and you might not want to leave the island again.
接下来两人便开始商议如何具体离开这座岛，包括制造矛盾，引起囚犯暴动，放火等诸般措施。斯文男还说他能联系感恩村，让那边一起行动。
Then the two began to discuss how to leave the island, including creating conflicts, causing prisoners to riot, arson, and other measures. Sven Nan also said that he could contact Thanksgiving Village and let them act together.
两人说话间完全没管暴动起来会死多少人，其中又有多少无辜。
The two of them didn't care how many people would die in the riot, and how many of them were innocent.
“我们必须要冲破正门，只有看守们才有能渡海的船只。”
"We have to break through the main gate, and only the guards have a boat that can cross the sea."
“不只看守，还有岛上的贵客。” "Not only the guards, but also the guests on the island."
“贵客？他们还没走？” "Distinguished guests? They're not gone yet? ”
“没有。那些贵客似乎也有什么算计，算了，那不关我们的事，我们只要抢到船只就好。”
"Nope. Those dignitaries seem to have some calculations, and if they do, it's none of our business, we just need to grab the ship. ”
“我们还需要驾船的人手。” "We also need people to steer the boat."
“这点交给我，监狱中有不少海盗，他们都是驾船老手。”
"I'll leave this to me, there are quite a few pirates in the prison, and they're all veterans."
说到最后，两人把步骤一一敲定下来，光头男突然指了指墙角：“这人还留着吗？”
In the end, the two finalized the steps one by one, and the bald man suddenly pointed to the corner of the wall: "Is this person still kept?" ”
斯文男瞥了墙角一眼：“杀了吧。你走，我来处理。” Sven Nan glanced at the corner: "Kill it." You go, I'll take care of it. ”
“行，我先走了。”光头男打开木门，探头左右看了看，没看到什么异样，闪身进了对面的牢房。
"Okay, I'll go first." The bald man opened the wooden door, looked left and right, didn't see anything unusual, and flashed into the opposite cell.
王叶看看斯文男，决定留下。 Wang Ye looked at Sven Nan and decided to stay.
光头男进了对面的牢房后，就没再出来。 After the bald man entered the cell opposite, he did not come out again.
斯文男用脚踢了踢倒在墙角的人。 Sven kicked the man who had fallen in the corner.
那人呻吟一声，似乎爬不起来了。 The man groaned and seemed unable to get up.
斯文男发出嗤笑：“别装了，你还不至于弱到这种程度。”
Sven Nan sneered: "Don't pretend, you're not weak to this extent." ”
那人开口，声音苍老：“我发誓什么都不会说出去，我已经这把年纪了，我只想能自然老死，我什么都不求。”
The man spoke, his voice old: "I swear I won't say anything, I'm this old, I just want to die of natural age, I don't want anything." ”
“是吗？那你说说看，你跟在我们身后是想干什么？”斯文男手里亮出了一把骨刺，慢慢剔着指甲。
"Really? Tell me, what are you trying to do with us? Sven Nan showed a handful of bone spurs in his hand and slowly picked his nails.
“我没有跟踪你们，我只是不小心跟你们走了同一条路。你听我说！”那人坐起，靠着墙喘息道：“我原来的牢房就在这边，我在这里藏了一些东西，我就要死了，我想把那些东西拿出来，贿赂看守，让他们同意我去感恩村生活。我不想最后的时间还待在监狱区。”
"I didn't follow you, I just accidentally went the same way as you. Listen to me! The man sat up, leaned against the wall and gasped, "My original cell is over here, I have hidden some things here, I am going to die, I want to take out those things, bribe the guards, and get them to agree to let me go to live in the Thanksgiving Village." I don't want to spend the last time in the prison area. ”
“哦？什么东西？” "Oh? What is it? ”
“我把东西拿出来，你能放过我吗？” "I take things out, can you spare me?"
“当然，我不但会放过你，如果东西确实不错，我还可以帮助你活动一下，让看守同意你去感恩村生活。”
"Of course, not only will I let you go, but if the things are really good, I can also help you move around, and get the guards to agree to let you go to Thanksgiving Village to live."
“好吧，希望你说话算数。” "Well, I hope you talk count."
老人扶着墙慢慢站起，一点点向外走。 The old man stood up slowly against the wall and walked out little by little.
斯文男跟在他身后。 Sven Man followed him.
老人的一侧脸肿了起来，应该是刚刚被两人打的。 One side of the old man's face was swollen, and he should have just been beaten by the two.
老人出去后，摸到第三间牢房，走了进去。 When the old man went out, he touched the third cell and walked in.
斯文男推开门，站在门口看着老人。 Sven Nan pushed open the door and stood at the door looking at the old man.
老人进入牢房，在墙角跪下，开始刨砖头。 The old man entered the cell, knelt in the corner of the wall, and began to cut bricks.
砖头松动，老人掏出那块砖头，伸手进去摸，摸出一个布包。
The brick was loose, and the old man took out the brick, reached in and touched it, and found a cloth bag.
斯文男直起背脊，没想到这老头没说谎，竟然真的藏有东西。
Sven Nan straightened his back, he didn't expect that this old man was not lying, and he really hid something.
老头转身，捏着布包的手，颤颤巍巍地举起来：“东西就在这里，你一定要放过我。”
The old man turned around, squeezed the hand of the cloth bag, and raised it tremblingly: "The thing is here, you must let me go." ”
斯文男往前走了几步，却没有弯腰去拿布包，而是对老囚犯说：“打开。”
Sven Nan took a few steps forward, but instead of bending down to get the cloth bag, he said to the old prisoner, "Open it." ”
老头只好把布包打开，露出里面的……布娃娃。 The old man had no choice but to open the cloth bag, revealing the ...... inside Ragdolls.
布娃娃制作极为精美，衣服是丝绸所做，眼睛像是宝石，脖子上还戴着一条项链，项链上镶满了碎星一般的红色宝石，挂坠则是一颗银色的心脏。
The rag dolls are exquisitely made, the clothes are made of silk, the eyes are like precious stones, and a necklace around the neck is set with red gemstones like broken stars, and the pendant is a silver heart.
斯文男一看这布娃娃，眼睛就亮了起来。这可真是宝物！只它的眼睛和身上的首饰就价值不菲。
Sven Nan's eyes lit up as soon as he saw this rag doll. What a treasure! Its eyes and the jewelry on its body alone are worth a lot.
“没想到你还藏了这么一个好东西。”斯文男伸手去拿，那样子竟似有点迫不及待。
"I didn't expect you to hide such a good thing." Sven Nan reached out to take it, and he seemed to be a little impatient.
老头爱怜地抚摸布娃娃的小脸蛋，声音沙哑地说：“这可是我的宝贝女儿，我到哪里都会带着它。”
The old man caressed the little face of the rag doll lovingly, and said in a hoarse voice, "This is my precious daughter, and I will take it with me wherever I go." ”
“现在它归我了，放心，我会好好对待你的女儿。”斯文男一把夺过布娃娃，首先就捏起项链挂坠看。
"Now that it's mine, rest assured, I'll treat your daughter well." Sven Nan snatched the rag doll, and first pinched the necklace pendant to look at it.
老人低着头，像是很难过。 The old man lowered his head, as if he was sad.
王叶默默地看着这一幕，他以为斯文男是个精明的，没想到看到一个布娃娃就失去了理智，竟然完全忽略了那布娃娃的崭新程度。藏在墙壁里多年的布娃娃，拿出来怎么可能这么新、这么亮？
Wang Ye watched this scene silently, he thought that Sven Nan was a shrewd person, but he didn't expect to lose his mind when he saw a rag doll, and he completely ignored the brand-new level of the rag doll. How can a rag doll, which has been hidden in the wall for many years, be so new and bright?
那根本就是一个魔偶。 That's a puppet at all.
也许这魔偶自带魅惑能力，能让看到它和碰触它的人失去正常心智，如此也就能解释斯文男的突然拉胯。
Perhaps this puppet has its own charm ability, which can make the people who see it and touch it lose their normal minds, which can also explain Sven Nan's sudden crotch pulling.
可惜他无意救这个老囚犯，也无意救斯文男，都是人渣，早死早好。
It's a pity that he has no intention of saving this old prisoner, nor does he have any intention of saving Sven Nan, they are all scumbags, and it is better to die early.
斯文男突然捂住心脏，嘴巴张开，却什么话都说不出来。
Sven Nan suddenly covered his heart, his mouth opened, but he couldn't say anything.
吧嗒，精致的布娃娃落到了地上。 With a click, the delicate ragdoll fell to the ground.
斯文男也倒在了地上，他紧紧抓着心脏部位的衣服，整张脸憋成了紫色，过了一会儿，他的手慢慢松开，死了。
Sven Nan also fell to the ground, he clutched the clothes in the heart area, his whole face turned purple, and after a while, his hand slowly let go and died.
老囚犯这才走过去，捡起那个布娃娃，亲了亲，又用布包包好，重新塞回墙里，还把墙砖也重新填好。
The old prisoner then walked over, picked up the rag doll, kissed it, wrapped it in a cloth bag, stuffed it back into the wall, and filled it with bricks again.
老囚犯并不怕被人发现布娃娃，这布娃娃只有他能用，别人就算无意间找到，也只会付出性命变成布娃娃的养料。
The old prisoner is not afraid of being discovered, this doll can only be used by him, and even if others find it by accident, they will only pay their lives to become the nourishment of the doll.
老囚犯抓住斯文男的双腿，拖了出去。 The old prisoner grabbed Sven Nan's legs and dragged him out.
这时候的他，看起来可一点不衰老，人有力气得很。 At this time, he doesn't look old at all, and he is very powerful.
王叶看了眼墙角，跟上了老囚犯。 Wang Ye glanced at the corner of the wall and followed the old prisoner.
老囚犯把斯文男尸体拖到隔壁的牢房中，带上门，就不管了。等会儿这尸体就会被处理得干干净净，这是他偶尔发现的秘密，这里的尸体存不住，不知道被什么吃了。
The old prisoner dragged Sven's body to the cell next door, brought it to the door, and left it alone. After a while, the corpse will be disposed of cleanly, this is a secret he occasionally discovers, the corpse here cannot be saved, and he does not know what it has been eaten.
但老囚犯一点都不害怕，他的娃娃会保护他。 But the old prisoner is not afraid at all, his doll will protect him.
王叶看着老囚犯走入之前光头囚犯走入的牢房，继续跟上。
Wang Ye watched the old prisoner walk into the cell where the bald prisoner had walked into before, and continued to follow.
这间牢房大概是破损最严重的，里面有很多地方塌陷了。
This cell was probably the most dilapidated, with many places inside caving.
老囚犯弯腰跨入一个塌陷出来的墙洞。 The old prisoner stooped into a cavernous hole.
墙洞后面是一条两头被封的通道。 Behind the hole in the wall is a passage that is sealed at both ends.
一头装着大铁门，一头直接用墙砖砌了起来。 One end is equipped with a large iron gate, and the other end is directly built with wall bricks.
老囚犯走到大铁门那里，曲指有节奏地敲了敲。 The old prisoner walked up to the big iron door and knocked rhythmically with his fingers.
大铁门打开了一条缝。 The large iron door opened a crack.
老囚犯闪身走了进去。 The old prisoner dodged in.
外面给老囚犯开门的是一名中年看守。
看守对老囚犯点点头，重新把大铁门锁好。
老囚犯也对看守点点头，继续往前走。
王叶打量这条通道，这里看起来不太像是牢房区。
虽然也有房间，但大门竟然都是铸铁的，还没有多少缝隙。看起来更像是仓库区。
老囚犯顺着通道走了三道门，每道门后都有看守给他开门。
老囚犯走到通道尽头，沿着石梯往上走。
走到最顶端，出现一扇有雕花的木门。
老囚犯再次敲了敲门。
“进来。”
老囚犯推开门。
王叶跟了进去。
屋内是一名脸色微微苍白的中年帅哥，红色的头发，褐色的眼珠，鼻梁高挺，身上穿着笔挺的贵族服饰。
中年帅哥看到老人进来，微微一笑，站起来走到一边的柜子处，打开柜子拿出一瓶酒和两个杯子。
“如何？”
“没错，他们确实在商议闹事，想要趁机逃出这座岛。”
中年帅哥把一杯酒水递给老囚犯，“就知道没有您做不到的事情。”
老囚犯淡淡道：“过奖了，我的工作而已。”
“都杀了吗？”中年帅哥也拿起一杯酒，轻抿。
老囚犯：“卜菲死了。秃狮还活着。”
中年帅哥：“也好，正好多钓一些人出来换药丸。那边对药丸控制得很严格，以前一个人能换三颗药丸，现在只能换一颗了。”
老囚犯皱眉：“那药丸不像是好东西。”
中年帅哥轻笑：“那又怎样？只要我们不服用，也就是商品而已。”
老囚犯一口把酒水喝干：“你是监狱长你说的算。”
监狱长笑：“我有数。这次您老功劳不小，接下来您就好好休息一段时间吧，去陪陪您的妻子和孩子。您的小女儿出落得越发标致，留在这座岛真的可惜了。”
“多谢。”老囚犯转身就出了监狱长办公室，外面自然有人带他离去。
老头没再回去监狱区，而是换了衣服去了感恩村。
王叶就留在监狱长的办公室里到处转悠。
监狱长让手下叫人。 The warden asked his men to call for someone.
来了两名身穿看守制服的精干男子。 Two lean men in guard uniforms came.
监狱长把一张名单交给两人：“这是毒狼给出的名单，卜菲已经死了，秃狮等不到卜菲出现，肯定会惊慌，你们逼一逼他，看他能做到什么程度。”
The prison warden handed a list to the two of them: "This is the list given by the poisonous wolf, Bu Fei is dead, the vulture can't wait for Bu Fei to appear, he will definitely panic, you force him to see how far he can go." ”
“是。”两人收起名单。 "Yes." The two put away the list.
监狱长又交代了他们一些事情。 The warden gave them some more information.
其中一名看守在要离去时，忽然问道：“毒狼是不是又去找他妻子和小女儿了？”
As one of the guards was about to leave, he suddenly asked, "Has the poisonous wolf gone to his wife and little daughter again?" ”
“嗯。”监狱长抬起头，看着手下了然地笑：“怎么，你看上了那个小丫头？”
"Hmm." The warden raised his head, looked at his subordinates and smiled: "What, you have a crush on that little girl?" ”
那看守脸上挣扎的神色一闪而过，讪笑道：“哪敢。我就觉得那小丫头怪怪的，有时感觉她不像真人一样。她母亲好像也十分惧怕她。而且毒狼待她的态度也很奇怪。”
The struggling look on the guard's face flashed, and he sneered, "How dare you." I thought that little girl was weird, and sometimes it didn't feel like a real person. Her mother seemed to be terrified of her, too. And the poisonous wolf's attitude towards her is also very strange. ”
“不用管那一家子，只要毒狼肯为我们做事就行。”监狱长不轻不重地点了一句：“想要找女人，出去找，不要在岛上找。想想看之前的教训。”
"Don't worry about that family, as long as the wolf is willing to do things for us." The warden nodded lightly: "If you want to find a woman, go out and look for it, don't look for it on the island." Think about the lessons from before. ”
两名手下立刻板正脸色：“是。” The two subordinates immediately straightened their faces: "Yes." ”
监狱长等两名手下离开后，走到窗口，看着外面的断崖和海景。
After waiting for the two men to leave, the warden walked to the window and looked out at the cliff and the sea view.
他讨厌这里，却不得不来。 He hated it here, but he had to come.
更因为发现金矿，他就被困在了这里。 And because of the discovery of gold, he was trapped here.
他恨把他派遣到这里的家人，恨贪婪无度不断需索的父母，也恨这座岛上所有人。
He hated the family who sent him here, his greedy parents, and all the people on the island.
迟早一天，他会毁了这座岛，还有……他的所有亲人。 Sooner or later, he will destroy the island, and ...... All his loved ones.
监狱长平息了一下心情，拿起一个看起来十分不起眼的花瓶，他没动插在里面的花，而是用手摸索花瓶底部，用力一掰。
The warden calmed down and picked up a vase that looked very inconspicuous, and instead of touching the flower in it, he groped for the bottom of the vase with his hand and broke it with force.
花瓶底部一分为二，露出里面一颗颗圆润雪白的药丸。 The bottom of the vase split in two, revealing the round and snow-white pills inside.
监狱长从里面数出五颗药丸，用盒子装好，把花瓶恢复原样。
The warden counted out five pills from the inside, packed them in boxes, and restored the vases to their original shapes.
他还要去见黎家的管事，虽然对方装得对这种魔药不屑一顾的样子，但他知道他们过来的主要目的就是这魔药。
He also had to go to see the Li family's steward, although the other party pretended to be disdainful of this potion, he knew that the main purpose of their coming was this potion.
他已经吊了对方很长时间，也该给对方一点甜头尝尝了。
He has been hanging the other party for a long time, and it is time to give the other party a little sweetness.
监狱长举起药丸眯眼看，这种魔药可是人人吃了都说好呢。
The warden raised the pill and squinted, this potion was said to be good by everyone.
第73章 搜刮 Chapter 73: Looting
监狱长刚带着药丸离开，王叶就从虫巢空间里出来，拿起了那个花瓶。
As soon as the prison warden left with the pill, Wang Ye came out of the hive space and picked up the vase.
刚扭开花瓶底座。 Just twist the base of the flower bottle.
【玩家隔壁小王发现虫卵伪装的天赋觉醒药丸，溶洞群任务链发布：寻找虫卵药丸的来源，摧毁源头。任务完成，根据完成度，奖励五千点到五万点经验值。】
[Xiao Wang next door to the player discovers the talent awakening pill disguised by the worm egg, and the quest chain of the cave group is released: find the source of the worm egg pill and destroy the source. Upon completion of the mission, 5,000 to 50,000 experience points will be awarded depending on the degree of completion. 】
【玩家隔壁小王发现囚犯岛监狱长辛格尔的秘密，溶洞群任务链发布：寻找监狱长和看守们的犯罪证据，制止他们的罪行，解救囚犯岛上的无辜者。任务完成，根据完成度，奖励一千点到两万点经验值。】
[The player's next door Xiao Wang discovers the secret of Prison Island Warden Singel, and the Cave Group quest chain is released: Find evidence of the crimes of the prison warden and guards, stop their crimes, and rescue the innocents on Prisoner Island. Upon completion of the task, 1,000 to 20,000 XP points will be awarded depending on the degree of completion. 】
到此，王叶终于明白，因为寄生虫和金矿都是出自溶洞群，所以与之相关的任务都可以算作溶洞群任务链。
At this point, Wang Ye finally understood that because the parasites and gold ore all came from the cave group, the tasks related to them could be counted as the task chain of the cave group.
王叶把底座中剩下的二十来颗药丸全部拿走，给虫巢吸收了。
Wang Ye took all the remaining twenty or so pills in the base and absorbed them for the hive.
药丸里果然包含着虫卵，一共有三个品种，分别是血吸虫、八脚线虫和铁皮虫。
The pill contained eggs, and there were three varieties of them, namely schistosomiasis, eight-legged nematodes, and ironworms.
这三种寄生虫如果寄生成功，能造成吸血、四肢变异和肌肤如铁石这三种变异生物，但如果被寄生体原本就有其他能力，那么就会出现更复杂的变化。
If these three parasites are successfully parasitized, they can cause three mutated creatures: bloodsucking, limb mutations, and skin like iron and stone, but if the parasite already has other abilities, then more complex changes will occur.
其实和寄生虫融合，确实是一条让弱者变强的道路。只不过寄生虫并不是那种凭白牺牲自己成全他人的美好生物，想要变异变强，你就得付出代价，代价就是身体还在、灵魂消失。
In fact, merging with parasites is indeed a way to make the weak stronger. It's just that parasites are not the kind of beautiful creatures that sacrifice themselves for nothing, and if you want to mutate and become stronger, you have to pay the price, and the price is that the body is still there and the soul is gone.
以前也有那种胆子特别大、试验精神特别强的玩家，仗着死不了，会故意让寄生虫寄生自己，然后看自己的意识能否战胜寄生虫。
In the past, there were also players who were particularly bold and experimental, and they would deliberately let the parasite parasitize themselves and then see if their consciousness could defeat the parasite.
可能这个世界把地球玩家找来，也有试验这点的意思，确实有人成功，但数量极少，这类人一般天生精神力就十分凝练，意志力更极为顽强。
Maybe this world has brought in players from the earth, and it also means to experiment with this, and there are indeed people who have succeeded, but the number is very small, and this kind of people are generally born with very condensed mental power, and their willpower is extremely tenacious.
精神力强大并不代表就一定能打败寄生虫的意识，那真的需要非常顽强和坚韧的意志力。
Strong mental power does not necessarily mean that you will be able to defeat the parasite's consciousness, it really requires very tenacious and tenacious willpower.
就像鲨鱼，他的意志力已经很顽强，但如果没有他的帮助，鲨鱼的意识最终还是会被寄生虫吞噬。
Just like the shark, his willpower is already tenacious, but without his help, the shark's consciousness will eventually be devoured by parasites.
所幸游戏系统对地球玩家的精神体具有保护作用，一旦达到游戏系统认为的危险底线，系统就会判定玩家死亡，把玩家的精神体抛出游戏身体，再把游戏身体处理掉。
Fortunately, the game system has a protective effect on the spirit of the player on the earth, and once the game system considers the danger bottom line is reached, the system will determine the player's death, throw the player's spirit body out of the game body, and then dispose of the game body.
等玩家们达到六十级以后，精神力大幅度提高，那时低级寄生虫的精神力已经很难影响到他们，有些玩家就会尝试让低级寄生虫寄生他们，利用寄生虫改造身体里的能力，再灭杀寄生虫的意识。
After the players reach level 60, their mental power will be greatly improved, and at that time, the mental power of low-level parasites will be difficult to affect them, and some players will try to let low-level parasites parasitize them, use parasites to transform their abilities in their bodies, and then kill the consciousness of parasites.
有些人成功了，有些人失败了。 Some succeeded, some failed.
王叶就是成功中的一个，他对自己足够狠，只要有让自己变强的机会，他就会尝试。而且他尝试了不止一次两次，而是上百次，在这一次次的精神折磨中，他的精神力变态了，也让他掌握了对付寄生虫精神体的方法。
Wang Ye is one of the successes, he is ruthless enough to himself, as long as there is a chance to make himself stronger, he will try. And he tried not only once or twice, but hundreds of times, and in this mental torture, his mental power was perverted, and it also allowed him to master the method of dealing with parasitic spirit bodies.
他为什么会知道虫巢，也是通过和寄生虫精神体搏斗，互相融合时察觉。
The reason why he knew about the hive was also realized by fighting with the parasite spirit body and merging with each other.
王叶收完药丸，就开始搜刮……哦不，是搜查这间办公室。
After Wang Ye finished collecting the pills, he began to search for ...... Oh no, it's a search of this office.
有任务在身，他就不是特别担心因果的问题了。因为主使者是游戏系统，以后算因果，游戏系统算是主谋，他顶多就是个被支使的从犯。
With a task in hand, he is not particularly worried about cause and effect. Because the main messenger is the game system, and the cause and effect will be counted in the future, and the game system will be regarded as the mastermind, and he will be an accomplice who is supported at best.
可监狱长显然保密工作做得很好，竟然没有在办公室里放多少重要的东西。
But the warden apparently did a good job of secrecy, and did not put much important stuff in his office.
王叶猜测监狱长很可能把重要的文件和财产之类都放在了住宿区。
Wang Ye speculated that the warden probably kept important documents and property in the dormitory.
看守们的住宿区都位于监狱正大门外，监狱长住的单独小别墅也在那里。
The guards' quarters are located outside the main entrance of the prison, as are the separate cottages where the wardens live.
王叶最后在监狱长的桌子上发现了一个三角形的紫色金属摆件。
Wang Ye finally found a triangular purple metal ornament on the prison warden's table.
摆件不大，只有拳头大，造型也不精致，用途大约是镇纸，用来压着新纸张。
The ornament is not large, only the size of a fist, and the shape is not exquisite, and the purpose is about a paperweight, which is used to press new paper.
王叶手指碰到摆件，感到了异常的温度，眉头一挑，当即施展了一个鉴定术。
Wang Ye's fingers touched the ornament, felt the abnormal temperature, raised his eyebrows, and immediately performed an identification technique.
看完鉴定结果，王叶表情特别古怪，似乎想笑，又似乎很生气。
After reading the appraisal results, Wang Ye's expression was very strange, as if he wanted to laugh, but he seemed to be very angry.
王叶毫不犹豫地把金属摆件收起来，正要离开，看到桌上纸张，突然想起他还有一个与监狱长相关的任务没完成。
Wang Ye put away the metal ornaments without hesitation, and was about to leave, when he saw the paper on the table, he suddenly remembered that he still had a task related to the prison warden that he had not completed.
章绘委托他一定要把寄生虫的事告诉囚犯岛的看守或监狱长，系统也发布了这个任务，奖励可是有一百点经验值呢。
Zhang Hui entrusted him to tell the warden or prison warden of Prisoner Island about the parasite, and the system also released this task, and the reward was a hundred experience points.
王叶当即抽出一张干净的纸张，使用桌上的羽毛笔，沾上墨水写了两行字：岛上的变异者，都是被寄生虫寄生造成的变异。天赋觉醒药丸是寄生虫卵，不要再传出去和使用。落款“知名不具”。
Wang Ye immediately took out a clean piece of paper, used the quill pen on the table, and dipped it in ink to write two lines: The mutants on the island are all mutated by parasites. The Talent Awakening Pill is a parasite egg, don't pass it on and use it anymore. The inscription is "well-known and not".
至于监狱长看到这封信会想到谁，他就管不着了。 As for who the warden would think of when he saw the letter, he didn't care.
王叶把信件端正地放在桌子中间，用插笔台压住。 Wang Ye placed the letter in the middle of the table and pressed it with a pen insert.
王叶重新进入虫巢空间，大大咧咧地飞了出去，他对刚才的仓库区非常感兴趣，系统不是说了让他搜查监狱长等人的犯罪证据吗？他这就去！
Wang Ye re-entered the hive space and flew out with a big grin, he was very interested in the warehouse area just now, didn't the system say that he should search the criminal evidence of the prison director and others? He's going to go!
大铁门最下方有一条极细的缝隙，王叶就是从这里钻了过去。
There was an extremely thin gap at the bottom of the big iron gate, and Wang Ye had drilled through it.
里面果然是仓库，仓库里摆放了许多食物和生活物资，王叶没动这些东西。
Sure enough, it was a warehouse inside, and there was a lot of food and living materials in the warehouse, but Wang Ye didn't touch these things.
他在找寻被提炼出来的金子。 He's looking for gold that has been refined.
一开始，王叶并不抱有希望，因为这里作为仓库区，几乎人人皆知，大家找东西肯定会跑到这里来。像金子这样宝贵的东西，一般都不会放到这里。
At first, Wang Ye didn't have hope, because as a warehouse area, almost everyone knew about it, and everyone would definitely come here looking for something. Something as precious as gold is not usually put here.
找了一圈，王叶没看到任何金子的痕迹。 After looking around, Wang Ye didn't see any traces of gold.
正要离开，王叶忽然看向仓库中间的分隔墙。 Just as he was about to leave, Wang Ye suddenly looked at the partition wall in the middle of the warehouse.
这些分隔墙不能说突兀，它们的存在把仓库区分成了食物和用具好几个区域，看起来清楚明晰。
These partition walls are not obtrusive, and their presence divides the warehouse into several areas for food and utensils, which appear to be clear and unambiguous.
但王叶总觉得这些分隔墙有点怪异，看了半天，他终于发现怪异处在哪里，那就是这些分隔墙建造得太齐整、太漂亮。
But Wang Ye always felt that these partition walls were a little weird, and after looking at them for a long time, he finally found out where the weirdness was, that is, these partition walls were built too neatly and beautifully.
不是说监狱的建筑就一定要粗糙，相反监狱的牢房一向都建造得很坚固。
This is not to say that prison buildings have to be rough, on the contrary, prison cells have always been built strongly.
而是这些分隔墙墙砖之间抹的泥灰真的太细致，不像是其他墙壁的墙砖，泥灰虽然抹得也很规整，但总是会有这里多一点、那里少一点。
It's that the plaster between the tiles of these partition walls is really too detailed, unlike the tiles of other walls, although the plaster is also neatly plastered, there will always be a little more here and a little less there.
可分隔墙的墙砖之间就没有这种情况，就好像砌墙的人特别细心和小心。
This is not the case between the tiles of the dividing wall, as if the person who built the wall was particularly attentive and careful.
王叶走到分隔墙边上，伸手按住墙体，施展鉴定术。 Wang Ye walked to the edge of the dividing wall, stretched out his hand to hold down the wall, and performed the identification technique.
百科全书打开，鉴定内容浮现：【墙砖，外层为泥，内层为九成九的纯金。】
The encyclopedia opened, and the identification content emerged: [Wall tiles, the outer layer is mud, and the inner layer is ninety percent pure gold. 】
王叶咧开了嘴。 Wang Ye grinned.
他不得不说，这个监狱的看守或者是监狱长真的太聪明了，竟然把金砖伪造成泥砖，还砌成分割墙。
He had to say that the guards or wardens of this prison were really too clever to forge the gold bricks into mud bricks and build them into a dividing wall.
如此一来，任找金子的人在岛上找翻天也不会找到提炼出的金子在哪里，而整日在仓库里进进出出的人，恐怕也不会想到他成天看到的灰扑扑的分隔墙全都是金砖。
In this way, anyone who looks for gold will not find out where the refined gold is on the island, and the person who goes in and out of the warehouse all day long will probably not think that the dusty dividing walls he sees all day long are all gold bricks.
王叶甚至怀疑，这个岛上提炼出来的金子就是利用这种方法运送了出去。只要注意船的吃水深度，不要装太多，谁会注意堆放在船舱里的砖头？
Wang Ye even suspected that the gold refined on this island was transported using this method. Just pay attention to the draft of the ship and don't load too much, who will pay attention to the bricks stacked in the cabin?
毕竟囚犯岛上让囚犯们做工，做一些砖头自用和创收，也是很正常的事。
After all, it is normal for prisoners to work on Prisoner Island, make some bricks for their own use and generate income.
这么多犯罪证据，当然要没收。王叶满脸正义地使用虫巢吞噬了所有分隔墙。
So much evidence of a crime, of course, must be confiscated. With a righteous face, Wang Ye used the worm nest to devour all the partition walls.
为了确保罪证半点没留，王叶还把周围墙壁和地面地砖都鉴定了一番。可惜，这些都是真墙砖和地砖。
In order to ensure that there was no incriminating evidence, Wang Ye also identified the surrounding walls and floor tiles. Unfortunately, these are real wall tiles and floor tiles.
拿了金砖，还给监狱长留了信，这监狱区也不能待太久了。他得尽快找到雷木，否则等会儿监狱长发疯，雷木就算藏得再严密，也会被找出来。
After taking the gold bricks and leaving a letter to the warden, this prison area cannot stay for too long. He had to find Lei Mu as soon as possible, otherwise the prison warden would go crazy and Lei Mu would be found even if he hid it tightly.
不过这次他很有信心能很快把雷木找出来。 But this time, he was confident that he would be able to find Remu quickly.
不，应该说，他可以把雷木吸引过来。 No, it should be said, he can attract Raymu over.
王叶驾驶虫巢进入监狱区，把他之前从监狱长办公室拿走的金属摆件拿出来，用工具去掉表层，内层的紫金颜色更深，温度也更高，手都不能直接碰触，王叶把滚烫的紫金嵌装在虫巢表面，然后只让虫巢隐形，却没有扭曲周围空间。
Wang Ye drove the insect hive into the prison area, took out the metal ornaments he had taken from the prison warden's office before, and used tools to remove the surface, the purple gold in the inner layer was darker in color and higher in temperature, and his hands could not touch it directly, Wang Ye embedded the hot purple gold on the surface of the insect hive, and then only made the insect hive invisible, but did not distort the surrounding space.
现在，他就可以守株待木了。 Now, he can wait and see.
王叶沿着牢房过道，慢慢步行。 Wang Ye walked slowly along the corridor of the cell.
这时候的监狱比白天安静多了，很多囚犯已经进入睡眠。
At this time, the prison is much quieter than during the day, and many prisoners have gone to sleep.
一处角落里，身穿囚犯服的雷木刚把一个看守打晕，正准备脱掉他的衣服，伪装成看守。
In a corner, Reimu, dressed in a prisoner's suit, knocked a guard unconscious and was about to take off his clothes and disguise himself as a guard.
精灵蛋的意识指出了想找寻的东西的方向，他摸索了三天，排除了很多地方，终于推测出精灵蛋想找的东西很可能位于看守们的办公区，他想去那边，囚犯身份肯定不行。
The elf egg's consciousness pointed out the direction of what he wanted to find, he groped for three days, ruled out a lot of places, and finally deduced that what the elf egg was looking for was likely to be located in the guards' office area, and he wanted to go there, and the identity of the prisoner was definitely not good.
就在这时，精灵蛋的意识忽然明晰起来，不住地提醒他：前面，前面！
At this moment, the consciousness of the elf egg suddenly became clear, and he kept reminding him: Front, front!
雷木脸上打出问号，可惜精灵蛋的意识还很模糊，只能非常简单地指明方向，没办法和他正常交流。
A question mark was put on Lei Mu's face, but unfortunately the elf egg's consciousness was still very vague, so he could only point out the direction very simply, and there was no way to communicate with him normally.
雷木手指碰到看守的衣服，精灵蛋的意识几乎翻滚起来：前面！快！
Thunderwood's fingers touched the guard's clothes, and the consciousness of the elf egg almost rolled: Ahead! Fast!
雷木被精灵蛋催得头疼，但他仍旧坚持把看守的衣服脱下来和自己互换，又把看守扔进他之前出来的牢房里。这看守可不是什么好东西，他晚上特地一个人跑过来，就是为了找乐子。
Remu was given a headache by the elven eggs, but he still insisted on taking off the guard's clothes and swapping them with himself, and threw the guard into the cell he had come out of earlier. This guard is not a good thing, he specially came here at night alone, just to have fun.
牢房里其他犯人都在昏睡中，被他打昏了。 The other prisoners in the cell were asleep and were knocked unconscious by him.
雷木合上牢房门，向精灵蛋指出的方向走过去。 Raim closed the cell door and walked in the direction the elf egg had pointed out.
路上遇到其他巡逻的看守，雷木就假装打哈欠，似乎很疲累地主动对路过的看守摆摆手。
On the way, when he met other patrolling guards, Lei Mu pretended to yawn and seemed to be tired and took the initiative to wave his hand to the passing guards.
那些巡逻看守看到他这副模样，似乎没有半点惊讶，有的也对他摆手致意，有的就点点头。
The patrol guards didn't seem to be surprised at what he looked like, some waved at him, and some nodded.
监狱区的昏暗环境是雷木最好的保护色，这里到晚上，每隔一段路会有一个火把用来照明，但火把照明的范围十分有限，这也让晚上的监狱区藏污纳垢，很多犯罪行为都会在晚上发生。
The dim environment of the prison area is the best protective color of Thunderwood, here at night, there will be a torch every other road for lighting, but the scope of the torch lighting is very limited, which also makes the prison area at night hide dirt and dirt, and many crimes will occur at night.
除了罪犯，看守们有时也会在晚上到监狱区“逛逛”。 In addition to the convicts, the guards sometimes "wander around" the prison area at night.
对此，看守们只要没发现，就当不知道。 As long as the guards don't find out, they don't know.
雷木一直走到食堂门口，精灵蛋的意识变得十分雀跃：这里！我要！
Lei Mu walked all the way to the door of the cafeteria, and the consciousness of the elf egg became very excited: here! I'm going to!
王叶看到一名身材修长的看守向他这边走来，快走到他身边时，对方忽然停下脚步，神情警惕。
Wang Ye saw a slender guard walking towards him, and when he was about to walk to his side, the other party suddenly stopped and looked vigilant.
王叶看四下无人，从虫巢空间里出来。 Wang Ye saw that there was no one around, and came out of the hive space.
雷木看到王小叶突然出现在他面前，怔愣了足足三秒。 Lei Mu was stunned for three seconds when he saw Wang Xiaoye suddenly appear in front of him.
王叶抓住他的手，低声道：“跟我进来。” Wang Ye grabbed his hand and said in a low voice, "Come in with me." ”
雷木没做丝毫抵抗，被王叶带入虫巢空间。 Lei Mu didn't make the slightest resistance, and was brought into the hive space by Wang Ye.
这下两人终于可以好好说话了。 Now the two can finally talk well.
雷木则在进入虫巢空间的瞬间，就被这里的改变给惊住。
The moment Lei Mu entered the hive space, he was shocked by the changes here.
虫巢空间扩大了，他现在正站在一片空旷地中，附近有一栋占地很大的石屋，空旷地周围是一圈围墙。
The hive space had expanded, and he was now standing in an open field, with a large stone house nearby, surrounded by a fence.
围墙很眼熟，上面那蜂巢一样的洞壁不就是某远古巨兽的骸骨化石吗？
The wall is familiar, and the beehive-like cave wall above it is not the fossilized skeleton of some ancient beast?
空旷地中心还出现一个半敞开的钟乳洞，洞内有一个金色的水池，水池中间是那块光之玉石，光之玉石的上方就是钟乳石，钟乳石的上方放着聚水珠。
There is also a half-open stalactite cave in the center of the open space, and there is a golden pool in the cave, and in the middle of the pool is the jade of light, and above the jade of light is the stalactite, and above the stalactite is placed a water bead.
聚水珠浸泡在钟乳石液中，期待以后转变成灵水珠。 The water beads are soaked in stalactite liquid, and they are expected to be transformed into spiritual water beads in the future.
“这里是种植空间，以后我在这里撒上土，就能培植药草，也能种其他谷物和果物。如果不是为了这个种植空间，我可以把那座石屋变成堡垒。”王叶炫耀又不无遗憾地道。
"This is a growing space, and when I sprinkle soil here, I can grow herbs, as well as other grains and fruits. If it weren't for this planting space, I could have turned that stone house into a fortress. Wang Ye showed off and said with regret.
“种植区更重要也更实用，屋子只要能住就好。”雷木称赞了王叶的决定。
"The planting area is more important and more practical, as long as the house is habitable." Lei Mu praised Wang Ye's decision.
“我带你去我们的新家看看。”王叶握住雷木的手。 "I'll show you around our new home." Wang Ye held Lei Mu's hand.
王叶在虫巢空间内可以心随意动，想去哪里或者想做什么，只要想一想就可以。
Wang Ye can move his heart at will in the hive space, where he wants to go or what he wants to do, just think about it.
转眼间，两人就从种植区来到了石屋大门前。 In the blink of an eye, the two of them came from the planting area to the gate of the stone house.
王叶推开大门，介绍道：“我把储藏区都放到了地下室。以后生活区就在上面，储藏就在下面。现在虫巢空间的储藏区还是没有办法让时间停止，但能做到真空状态，就是能长时间保鲜。”
Wang Ye pushed open the door and introduced, "I put the storage area in the basement. Later the living quarters are on top and the storage is below. At present, there is still no way to stop time in the storage area of the hive space, but if it can achieve a vacuum state, it can keep it fresh for a long time. ”
石屋也从原本的四十平变成了两百平，各种功能区俱全。
The stone house has also changed from the original 40 square meters to 200 square meters, with various functional areas.
不过因为物品太少，整座房子显得很空。 However, because there are so few items, the whole house looks empty.
“厨房我也放了一个储藏室，这样比较方便。其他房间的柜子可以比看起来的大小储藏更多东西，但不能保鲜。”
"I also have a pantry in the kitchen, which is more convenient. Cabinets in other rooms can store more things than they seem, but they don't keep them fresh. ”
雷木跟着王叶把整个石屋逛了一遍，看到了自己的独立卧室。
Lei Mu followed Wang Ye to walk around the entire stone house and saw his independent bedroom.
卧室很大，约有二十平。这点让雷木特别满意，他还是很喜欢一个人睡的，和别人在一起，他总是睡不好，就算身边是小叶子也一样。
The bedroom is large, about twenty square meters. This makes Lei Mu very satisfied, he still likes to sleep alone, with others, he always can't sleep well, even if he is surrounded by Xiao Yezi.
卧室里还自带一个卫浴间，卫浴间里奢侈地放了浴缸，纯金的浴缸。
The bedroom also has its own bathroom, and the bathroom has a bathtub luxuriously, a pure gold bathtub.
隔壁就是王叶的卧室，大小、造型和布置跟他的一模一样。
雷木还看到一个很大的工作间，这里以后可以用来炼药和炼金。
Lei Mu also saw a large workshop, which could be used for alchemy and alchemy in the future.
“如何？你要是有不喜欢的，或者有什么意见，告诉我，我还能做调整。”王叶充满期待地道。
"How? If you don't like it, or if you have any comments, let me know and I'll make adjustments. Wang Ye said with anticipation.
雷木摇摇头，“很好了，不用再改。” Lei Mu shook his head, "It's good, you don't need to change it." ”
王叶喜滋滋地说：“以后我们看到喜欢的东西可以买回来，把这栋房子好好布置起来。钱的事你不用担心，爸爸现在可有钱了。”
Wang Ye said happily: "In the future, we can buy the things we like and decorate this house well." You don't have to worry about money, Dad is rich now. ”
王叶带雷木去看后院放着的一堆砖头，拿起一块，让雷木砸开。
Wang Ye took Lei Mu to see a pile of bricks in the backyard, picked up one, and let Lei Mu smash it open.
雷木不明其意，但还是用力掰砖头，没掰动，但砖头表面裂开了几条缝。
Lei Mu didn't know what he meant, but he still broke the brick hard, but he didn't break it, but there were a few cracks on the surface of the brick.
雷木把砖头表面一层砸掉，看到了里面的金光灿灿。 Lei Mu smashed off the surface of the brick and saw the golden light inside.
“这些都是？！”雷木看着满地的砖头，倒吸一口凉气。
"These?!" Lei Mu looked at the bricks all over the floor and gasped.
王叶点头，那小表情是止不住的得意和欣喜。 Wang Ye nodded, that little expression was uncontrollable pride and joy.
他终于发财了！ He's finally rich!
不过这么多金砖带回地球也不好处理，他还是在这边和玩家兑换的好。
However, it is not easy to deal with bringing so many gold bricks back to Earth, and he is still here to exchange them with players.
雷木看到王叶太高兴，又在看到虫巢变化后太惊讶，以至于忽略了精灵蛋的反应。
Lei Mu was too happy to see Wang Ye, and he was too surprised to see the change in the hive that he ignored the reaction of the elf egg.
精灵蛋的意识不住呼唤他，到后面似乎是累了，又像是生气了，竟然发出了哭音。
The consciousness of the elf egg couldn't help but call him, and when he got to the back, he seemed to be tired, and he seemed to be angry, and he actually let out a cry.
雷木终于注意到被他遗忘的精灵蛋。 Raymu finally notices the elven egg he had forgotten.
“小叶子，问你个事，你是不是故意在食堂门口等我？”
"Xiao Yezi, let me ask you something, did you deliberately wait for me at the door of the cafeteria?"
“是啊。”王叶忽然变得皮笑肉不笑：“那坑货不是逼迫你进入监狱区帮他找东西吗？不好意思，那东西我先拿到了，我把那东西镶嵌在虫巢上，人在监狱区走动，我就知道那坑货会发现。”
"yes." Wang Ye suddenly became smiling: "Didn't that pit crit force you to enter the prison area to help him find something?" I'm sorry, I got that thing first, I embedded it in the hive, and when people walked around the prison area, I knew that the pit would be found. ”
雷木失笑：“他没逼迫我，他只是比较急。正好我也想进入监狱区看看。”
Lei Mu smiled: "He didn't force me, he was just in a hurry." It just so happened that I also wanted to go into the prison area to have a look. ”
雷木摸摸王叶长出一点发茬的毛茸茸脑袋，安抚他：“咱们不跟一颗蛋一般见识。你找到了什么？极阳金精，还是极寒铁精，或者是生命树树叶？”
Lei Mu touched Wang Ye's hairy head with a little stubble, and comforted him: "We don't know like an egg." What did you find? Extreme Yang Gold Essence, or Extreme Cold Iron Essence, or Tree of Life Leaves? ”
“极阳金精。”王叶恨声道：“我越来越觉得我们这次任务就是为了这只坑货服务的！”
"Extreme Yang Gold Essence." Wang Ye said hatefully: "I feel more and more that our mission is to serve this pit goods!" ”
雷木忍笑：“还好啦，这岛里有金矿，还是比较纯的金矿，又有远古巨兽骸骨化石那样能量充沛的东西存在，这里会出现极阳金精也是很有可能的事。你在哪里发现的极阳金精？”
Lei Mu Ren smiled: "It's okay, there is a gold mine on this island, it is still a relatively pure gold mine, and there are energetic things like ancient giant beast bones and fossils, and it is also very possible that the Extreme Yang Gold Essence will appear here." Where did you find the Extreme Yang Gold Essence? ”
王叶没好气地道：“监狱长办公室，他用来做摆件。” Wang Ye said angrily: "The prison warden's office, he uses it to make ornaments." ”
说着，王叶掏出极阳金精，下面用取下来的一块紫金垫着：“小心一点，很烫，比火焰都烫。”
As he spoke, Wang Ye took out the Extreme Yang Gold Essence, and used a piece of purple gold underneath to cushion it: "Be careful, it's hot, hotter than a flame." ”
雷木还是第一次见到这东西，接过来仔细看。 It was the first time that Lei Mu had seen this thing, so he took it and looked at it carefully.
极阳金精一入手，哪怕隔着一层，就有温烫之感，整体呈艳紫色。
As soon as the Extreme Yang Gold Essence is started, even if it is separated by a layer, it has a warm feeling, and the whole is bright purple.
精灵蛋发出了疯狂的渴望声：要，要，要！ The elf egg let out a frantic longing sound: yes, yes, yes!
雷木没理他，托着极阳金精，推测道：“应该是有人挖出极阳金精，觉得和其他金子不一样，就当做宝贝敬献给了监狱长。而监狱长应该没认出来这是什么，可能只当做一个稀罕物件，放在手边把玩。奇怪的是，温度这么高的金属，他为什么不送去鉴定？”
Lei Mu ignored him, holding the Extreme Yang Gold Essence, and speculated: "It should be someone who dug up the Extreme Yang Gold Essence, and felt that it was different from other gold, so he presented it to the prison warden as a treasure." And the warden probably didn't recognize what it was, and probably just treated it as a rare object and kept it at hand to play with. Strangely, with such a high temperature, why didn't he send it for identification? ”
王叶阴阳怪气道：“监狱长的没眼光成全了那个坑货。”
Wang Ye said in a strange manner: "The prison warden's lack of vision has fulfilled that pit. ”
王叶一顿，又道：“之前这极阳金精外面还包裹了一层，触手只是略温。”
Wang Ye paused, and then said: "Before, there was a layer of extreme yang gold essence wrapped on the outside, and the tentacles were only slightly warm. ”
“原来如此。”雷木转而道：“孵化精灵蛋应该不需要这么多？”
"I see." Lei Mu turned to say, "It shouldn't take so much to hatch elven eggs?" ”
王叶总算高兴了一些：“确实，只要一百克就够了。” Wang Ye was finally a little happier: "Indeed, only one hundred grams is enough." ”
精灵蛋感觉到雷木把极阳金精分割了一部分，还把大的那块给了另外一个人，只把小的那块收入精灵空间，当即就闹腾起来。
The elf egg felt that Lei Mu had divided part of the Extreme Yang Gold Essence, and also gave the big one to another person, and only put the small one into the elf space, and immediately made a fuss.
雷木转手就把极阳金精拿了出来：“再闹，你就别孵化了。”
Lei Mu turned his hand and took out the Extreme Yang Golden Essence: "If you make any more trouble, you won't hatch." ”
精灵蛋老实了，抽搭搭地表示他一定乖乖的。 The elf egg is honest, and he sobs and says that he must be obedient.
雷木又把那三分之一块极阳金精放入精灵空间，转眼那金精就消失了。
Lei Mu put the third of the Extreme Yang Gold Essence into the spirit space, and in the blink of an eye, the Golden Essence disappeared.
雷木用精神力看到精灵空间的一个角落出现了一个小小的水池。
Lei Mu used his spiritual power to see a small pool of water appear in a corner of the elf space.
水池里是千年钟乳石液，另外泡着鸡蛋大的光之玉心一块、月光石一枚和刚刚送进去的一小块极阳金精。而精灵蛋就沉在小水池中心。
In the pool was a thousand-year-old stalactite liquid, and there was also a piece of light jade heart the size of an egg, a moonstone and a small piece of extreme yang gold essence that had just been sent in. And the elf egg sank in the center of the small pool.
精神联系告诉雷木，精灵蛋已经开始孵化。 The psychic connection tells Thunderwood that the elven eggs have begun to hatch.
雷木沉默一会儿，他发现他对精灵空间还不算了解，如果不是和精灵蛋建立了精神链接，他恐怕永远都不会知道那位精灵王为自己的王后制作出这么一个精灵空间，为的就是孵化他们的孩子。
Lei Mu was silent for a while, he found that he didn't know much about the elven space, if it wasn't for the spiritual link with the elf egg, he probably would never have known that the elf king made such an elf space for his queen, in order to hatch their children.
精灵空间使用的材料就含有极寒铁精和秘银，更含有孵化精灵蛋最重要的生命之树树叶的能量。
The materials used in the elven space contain the Arctic Iron Essence and Mithril, as well as the energy to hatch the leaves of the most important Tree of Life of the Elven Egg.
那小水池里的液体不仅仅是千年钟乳石液，更多的是生命之树的汁液，比树叶好了不知多少倍的宝贝。
The liquid in that small pool was not only the liquid of the thousand-year-old stalactite, but also the sap of the tree of life, a treasure that was many times better than the leaves.
王叶突然握住雷木的手臂，紧张地问：“怎么了？” Wang Ye suddenly grabbed Lei Mu's arm and asked nervously, "What's wrong?" ”
“没什么。只是我的精灵空间暂时没办法使用了。”雷木现在也觉得精灵蛋是个坑货了，孵化就孵化，但孵化时会封闭整个精灵空间的事，你好歹通知一声啊，弄得他现在什么东西都拿不出来了。
"Nothing. It's just that my elf space can't be used for the time being. "Lei Mu now also thinks that the elf egg is a pit, and it will hatch when it hatches, but when it hatches, it will close the entire elf space, so you can tell him that he can't take anything out now.
雷木把精灵蛋开始孵化的事告诉了王叶，也把精灵空间原本的作用告诉了他。
Lei Mu told Wang Ye about the beginning of the hatching of the elf egg, and also told him the original role of the elf space.
王叶叉腰，气呼呼地说：“该死的精灵族，他们准备了精灵空间，难道就不能把其他孵化材料都准备好吗？”
Wang Ye crossed his waist and said angrily: "Damn the elf clan, they have prepared the elf space, can't they prepare all the other hatching materials?" ”
“不是所有材料都能融合在一起。”雷木很理智地说。 "Not all materials can be fused together." Remu said sensibly.
王叶还是不爽：“我们孵化精灵蛋用掉的东西，将来得找精灵族十倍讨回来！”
Wang Ye was still unhappy: "The things we used to hatch the elf eggs will have to be fetched ten times by the elven clan in the future!" ”
“精灵空间恐怕也得还给精灵族。精灵蛋现在就有意识，虽然模糊，但我怀疑他会生而知之，据说有些特殊种族刚出生就具有传承记忆，可能精灵族也是这样。等这只金精灵孵化出来，他肯定能记得精灵空间。”
"I'm afraid the elven space will have to be returned to the elves. The elven egg is now conscious, although vague, but I suspect that he will be born to know, it is said that some special races are born with inheritance memories, and maybe the elves are the same. When this golden elf hatches, he will definitely be able to remember the elf space. ”
王叶跳起来：“做梦！精灵空间是你的，谁也别想夺走！我们辛辛苦苦帮精灵族孵化了精灵蛋，他们还想把精灵空间讨回去，哪有这样的道理。对了，那个精灵蛋不是和你建立了精神链接吗，你契约他了吗？”
Wang Ye jumped up: "Dream!" The elf space is yours, and no one wants to take it away! We worked hard to help the elves hatch the elven eggs, and they still want to get the elven space back, how can there be such a reason. By the way, didn't that elf egg establish a spiritual link with you, did you contract him? ”
雷木干咳：“不是主仆契约，是平等契约。” Lei Mu coughed dryly: "It's not a master-servant contract, it's an equal contract." ”
王叶脸瞬间就黑了：“改，必须改！改为主仆契约。” Wang Ye's face turned black in an instant: "Change, must change!" Changed to a master-servant contract. ”
雷木无奈道：“别扯了，精灵族是多么高傲的种族，他们不会想要成为别人的奴仆，如果让精灵族知道我用主仆契约，契约了一只精灵……”
Lei Mu said helplessly: "Don't talk about it, what a proud race the elves are, they don't want to be someone else's slave, if you let the elves know that I used the master-servant contract to contract an elf ......"
王叶骂了一连串的脏话，如果是他，他绝对会对这个坑货使用奴仆契约，等以后坑货表现好了再说其他。让精灵族知道，他也不怕。
Wang Ye scolded a series of swear words, if it was him, he would definitely use a servant contract on this pit goods, and wait until the pit goods behave well in the future to talk about anything else. Let the elves know that he is not afraid.
但同样的事情换到雷木身上，王叶就不想雷木冒险了。 But the same thing happened to Lei Mu, and Wang Ye didn't want Lei Mu to take risks.
“平等契约就平等契约吧，至少你们不能互相伤害。等这坑货孵化出来，我们要好好教育他，让他知恩图报，别做白眼狼，否则一天三顿打！”
"An equal contract is an equal contract, at least you can't hurt each other. When this pit is hatched, we must educate him well, let him know how to repay his kindness, don't be a white-eyed wolf, otherwise he will be beaten three times a day! ”
雷木忍笑，点头：“好，我们一起好好教育他。” Lei Mu smiled and nodded: "Okay, let's educate him well." ”
精灵蛋开始孵化一事，到底让两人放下了一件心事。 The fact that the elf eggs began to hatch made the two of them let go of one thing.
王叶迅速把系统之前发布的孵化精灵蛋的任务接了。 Wang Ye quickly took over the task of hatching elf eggs previously released by the system.
至于送精灵蛋回去精灵族地的那个任务，他没接。 As for the task of sending the elf egg back to the elven land, he didn't take it.
精灵蛋孵化了就是雷木的，他凭什么给精灵族凭白送回去？
The elven egg hatched and it was Lei Mu's, why did he send it back to the elf clan for nothing?
精灵族想要回小精灵，不出点血怎么行？ The elves want to go back to the elves, how can they do it without some blood?
包括小精灵想要回家，也一样要交孵化费、养育费、伙食费、保护费、护送费和雷木的精神损失费！
Including the elves who want to go home, they also have to pay incubation fees, raising fees, food fees, protection fees, escort fees, and Lei Mu's mental damage fees!
“我们出去吧，我大概知道左勤榆被抓到什么地方了。那里有不少被寄生虫寄生的变异人。”雷木道。
"Let's go out, I probably know where Zuo Qinyu was caught. There are quite a few mutants who are parasitized by parasites. "Thunderwood Road.
“等等，在去找左勤榆之前，我们先去一个地方。”王叶直接操纵虫巢空间前往之前那个废弃牢房区。
"Wait, let's go to a place before we go to find Zuo Qinyu." Wang Ye directly manipulated the hive space to go to the abandoned cell area before.
第74章 契约小光 Chapter 74: Contract Xiaoguang
王叶首先来到老囚犯毒狼弃尸的房间，推开木门。 Wang Ye first came to the room where the old prisoner had abandoned the body of the poisonous wolf and pushed open the wooden door.
狼眼手电的光芒照亮了大半个房间。 The glow of the wolf's eye flashlight illuminated most of the room.
只见地面上的尸体只剩下约半具，而且是很不对称的半具，身体中的内脏都没有了，地面竟然没有半点血迹。
I saw that only about half of the corpse on the ground remained, and it was a very asymmetrical half, the internal organs in the body were gone, and there was no trace of blood on the ground.
“浮游光虫。”王叶通过虫巢感觉到了藏在地底的大量浮游光虫。
"Planktonic light bugs." Wang Ye sensed a large number of planktonic light insects hiding underground through the insect nest.
这么多浮游光虫聚集在这里，还有计划地出来掠食，至今没有被人发现，必然有指挥者。
So many planktonic light insects gather here, and they still come out to prey in a planned way, and they have not been discovered so far, so there must be a commander.
如果说其他母虫和高等级寄生虫拥有和人类相当的智慧，那么浮游光虫和绝大多数低等级的雄虫则类似于半智慧生物，它们一般都会听令于智慧更高的母虫或头领。
If other females and higher-level parasites possess intelligence comparable to humans, then planktonic insects and most low-level males are similar to semi-sapient creatures, and they generally obey the orders of higher-intelligence females or leaders.
王叶把斯文男剩下的尸体收进空间，正要离开，又停住。
Wang Ye put the remaining body of Sven Nan into the space, and was about to leave, but stopped again.
他脑中止不住地产生了一个想法。 An idea came to his mind.
浮游光虫是智慧寄生虫族中最低等的存在没错，但它们的能力非常好用，那就是产虫蜜。
Planktonic insects are the lowest of the intelligent parasites, but their ability to produce nectar is very useful.
而且浮游光虫有个优点，只要是含有能量的东西，它们都能吃，只不过最喜欢血肉。
And planktonic light insects have an advantage, as long as it contains energy, they can eat it, but they like flesh and blood the most.
如果他能豢养一批浮游光虫，让它们持续产出虫蜜，那他也就有了一门长久营生。
If he can raise a batch of planktonic light insects and let them continue to produce worm honey, then he will have a long-term livelihood.
不说其他，只卖原材料，就很赚。虫蜜来源有很多，只要他不说，谁也不会想到这些虫蜜和寄生虫族有关。
Not to mention anything else, just sell raw materials, and it will be very profitable. There are many sources of worm honey, as long as he doesn't say it, no one will think that these worm honey is related to parasitic worms.
何况他还能用虫蜜配置各种药材，制作成各种效用的药物。这样不但能让虫蜜价值最大化，还能掩盖材料的来源，就是寄生虫族也无法从成药中分析出他使用的虫蜜是浮游光虫酿造。
What's more, he can also use insect honey to prepare various medicinal materials and make medicines with various effects. This not only maximizes the value of the worm honey, but also masks the source of the material, even the parasite Zerg cannot analyze the worm honey he uses from the finished medicine to be brewed by planktonic light insects.
玩游戏总不能一直打打杀杀，黑吃黑虽然很赚，但到底没有清清白白赚钱来得稳当。
You can't always fight and kill all the time playing games, although black eats black is very profitable, but in the end it is not as safe as making money in vain.
雷木已经契约了一只精灵蛋，不管那是什么契约，总归是有了一个契约伙伴。那他是不是也应该找一个？
Thunderwood has already made a contract with an elf egg, and no matter what it is, he still has a contract partner. Should he also find one?
好控制，好养活，产出又好。怎么想浮游光虫都是很不错的契约对象。
Good control, good feeding, and good output. No matter how you think about it, planktonic insects are very good contract objects.
当然，他不可能把所有浮游光虫都契约下来，他只要契约这支浮游光虫的母虫或头领。
Of course, he can't contract all the planktonic light insects, he only needs to contract the mother worm or the leader of the planktonic light insects.
“木木，给我点时间，我打算弄个契约伙伴。” "Mumu, give me some time, I'm going to get a contract partner."
“这里有值得你契约的对象吗？难不成你要契约那些虫子？”雷木的眼术让他也早早察觉那批浮游光虫，但他不明白小叶子为什么要契约这种小虫子。
"Is there someone here worthy of your contract? Do you want to contract those bugs? Lei Mu's eye skills allowed him to detect the planktonic light insects early, but he didn't understand why Xiao Ye wanted to contract such small insects.
“等会儿跟你解释，相信我。”王叶释放出虫巢气息，对浮游光虫的头领进行召唤。
"I'll explain it to you later, trust me." Wang Ye released the breath of the insect hive and summoned the leader of the planktonic light worm.
很快，墙壁上一个污点飞了起来，这竟然就是浮游光虫的母虫，它身体不但没有发光，还暗淡得就像随手涂抹的脏污。
Soon, a stain flew up on the wall, and it turned out to be the mother worm of the planktonic light bug, its body not only did not glow, but it was as dull as a dirt smeared on your hands.
母虫身体很小，但比起普通浮游光虫要大得多。约有小指甲那么大，长有一对透明的翅膀，四只眼睛，两只眼睛在前，两只眼睛在后。小身体毛茸茸的，不像虫子，更像一只长毛的小蜥蜴，可能长得像蜥蜴，它也拥有蜥蜴一样的变色能力，这也是它自我保护的手段之一。
The female insect is small, but much larger than the normal planktonic light insect. About the size of a tiny fingernail, it has a pair of transparent wings and four eyes, two in front and two in the back. The small body is hairy, not like a bug, more like a small hairy lizard, it may look like a lizard, it also has the same color-changing ability as a lizard, which is also one of its means of self-protection.
王叶把虫巢打开一个口子，母虫飞了进来。 Wang Ye opened an opening in the hive, and the mother flew in.
啪叽！母虫被缠到了墙壁上。 Smack! The mother worm is entangled in the wall.
“臣服我。”王叶的精神力刺入母虫的精神海。 "Surrender me." Wang Ye's spiritual power pierced into the spiritual sea of the mother insect.
他没有模仿寄生虫族的精神力，他模仿的精神力能瞒过半智慧寄生虫族或者像虫巢这样的没有自己意识的本能存在，但面对寄生虫族中的母虫和高等级虫，会被立刻识破。
He did not imitate the spiritual power of the parasitic zerg, and the spiritual power he imitated could conceal the half-intelligent parasitic zerg or the instinctive existence without his own consciousness like the worm hive, but in the face of the mother worm and high-level worms in the parasite, he would be immediately recognized.
“咿！”不！你不是王虫，你是什么？母虫传出模糊意识，发出抗拒。
"Bah!" No! You're not a king worm, what are you? The mother worm emits a vague consciousness and sends out resistance.
“我是虫巢的主人，也是你以后的主人。” "I am the master of the hive, and I am also your future master."
母虫越发抗拒，宁死不从。 The mother worm resisted more and more, preferring to die.
“为什么不愿意？就因为我是人类？可我拥有虫巢，还能为你在虫巢中提供一个巢穴，更能为你寻找各种口味的食物。你的族虫们能做到这点吗？”
"Why not? Just because I'm human? But I have a hive, and I can provide you with a nest in the hive, and I can find food for all tastes for you. Can your insects do that? ”
王叶换了口气，变得温和许多：“你们为什么在这里？是被族群驱逐了吗？别的族群可以占据能量更充足的地下溶洞空间，你们却只能在这里吃垃圾。你作为母虫，甘心吗？”
Wang Ye changed his tone and became much gentler: "Why are you here?" Was it expelled by the tribe? Other races can occupy more energetic underground cavern spaces, but you can only eat garbage here. Are you willing, as a mother? ”
母虫似乎被击中要害，半天说不出话来。 The mother seemed to have been hit by the key and was speechless for a long time.
王叶之所以这么说并不是瞎猜，而是他知道寄生虫内部竞争非常激烈，激烈到残忍的程度。就像虫巢和虫王卵一样，同时或相近时间内诞生的虫巢和虫王卵也不少，但最后能真正蜕变成虫王，把虫巢发展成战争堡垒的，只有一只。
The reason why Wang Ye said this was not a blind guess, but that he knew that the competition within the parasite was very fierce, fierce to the point of cruelty. Just like the hive and the eggs of the king of insects, there are many hives and eggs of the king of insects born at the same time or in a similar time, but in the end, there is only one that can truly transform into the king of insects and develop the hive into a fortress of war.
“是因为你们产出的虫蜜比较少吗？还是因为你们懒惰？”
"Is it because you produce less worm honey? Or is it because you are lazy? ”
“咿咿咿！”我们当然不懒惰！母虫愤怒了，竟向王叶传出了模糊却强烈的抱怨。
"Babble!" We are certainly not lazy! The mother worm was angry, and actually complained vaguely but strongly to Wang Ye.
大意是说其他寄生虫觉得它们这一支浮游光虫产生的虫蜜质量不好，很多母虫都说是它的问题，因为它生出的这批浮游光虫，产出的虫蜜总是很稀稠，无法凝固起来，而且口感也不好。于是其他寄生虫族就集体排斥它和它的子民，把它们赶来这里生活。
It is to the effect that other parasites feel that the quality of the nectar produced by their planktonic light worm is not good, and many female worms say that it is a problem, because the batch of planktonic light bugs it gives birth to is always very thick, cannot be coagulated, and the taste is not good. So the other parasites collectively rejected it and its people, and drove them to live here.
“那你们产出的虫蜜都留下了？” "Then all the worm honey you produced was left?"
“咿咿咿咿咿！”母虫非常愤怒，无比怨念地表示那群卑劣的混蛋没事就来偷吃它们产出的虫蜜。
"Babble, babble!" The mother worm was furious, and said with great resentment that the shitty bastards had come to steal the nectar they produced.
王叶感到了一丝怪异。寄生虫族为什么特意把这支浮游光虫驱赶到这里？就算是内部排斥，也太浪费了吧？感觉就好像有人特别安排它们在这里，就是为了处理尸体。
Wang Ye felt a little weird. Why did the parasites drive this planktonic light worm here? Even if it's internal exclusion, it's too wasteful, right? It felt as if someone had arranged for them to be here, just to dispose of the corpses.
这是不是说看守中已经有人转变成变异体，而且已经转变了很长时间？
Does this mean that there are people in the guards who have been transformed into mutants, and have been transformed for a long time?
是谁？监狱长应该不是，他没有在对方身上感觉到寄生虫的精神力。也不是那两个后来进来的手下。
会不会那人就是虫卵药丸的源头？
王叶暂时放下思索，就像诱惑小红帽的灰太狼，对母虫诱惑道：“既然你和你的子民在这里过得不愉快，那不如跟我走。我可以为你们提供大量的能量食物，只不过你们吃什么必须得到我的允许，但我绝对会让你们吃得饱饱的，还能让你们住进虫巢，帮助你和你的子民升级。虫蜜稀粥和口感问题你也不用担心，那对我不是问题。”
王叶感觉出母虫的动摇，再接再厉：“另外，我还可以发誓不利用你们攻击寄生虫族，并且尽量保护你和你的子民。”
“咿咿咿！”我才不会投靠人类。母虫很坚持。
“那我只好让虫巢吸收你和你的子民，再去找其他浮游光虫，我相信总会有一支愿意和我契约。”王叶毫不犹豫，立刻动手。
母虫感觉到生命灵在流逝，坚持了一会儿就受不了了，大喊：“咿咿咿！”停下，我愿意跟你契约！
王叶暗笑，他知道母虫打着什么主意，大概以为可以趁着契约的机会，反过来侵入他的精神海，控制他、融合他。
可如果没有把握，他又怎么敢契约一只智慧寄生虫母虫？
没有虫巢，他提都不会提契约的事。融合时杀死寄生虫的灵魂是一回事，但长时间的让一只活的寄生虫待在自己身边，那就是找死，哪怕契约了也不安全。
但有了虫巢就不一样了，和他契约的寄生虫族只要稍微露出一点反意，或者想要伤害他，虫巢立刻就会困住对方的灵魂，囚禁并吸收。这是虫巢保护虫王的本能，最基本的功能。
浮游光虫的母虫最终还是答应和王叶签订奴仆契约，不签，它就只能带着它的子民去死。签了，说不定还有翻盘的机会。
一人一虫各怀鬼胎，开始了契约。
王叶有现成的材料，拿出来布置了一个契约魔阵图。
随后，他让母虫先飞入契约魔阵图，让它固定在一个位置，见对方不能动了，他才也跨入这个魔阵图。
契约现场就在种植区，雷木站在一边旁观，主要是为了保护王叶，一旦发现有什么不对劲，他就打算立刻出手。
不过契约过程十分顺利，那只母虫想趁着契约反过来契约王叶，但它显然没想到王叶的精神力竟然比它强大那么多，而且还有虫巢的加成。
想到一个人类竟然能利用虫巢，小光就很是愤愤。
小光就是浮游光虫的母虫，为了方便称呼，王叶给它取了个名字。
小光对这个名字倒是接受良好，因为王叶告诉它这个名字是浮游光虫中的其中一个字，还代表光明、明亮、显耀等各种好的意思，就很喜欢这个名字了。
咿咿，从现在开始，它就是一个有名字的虫，不再是低级虫了~
虽然它成了人类的奴仆，但是……活下来才有翻盘的希望嘛，说不定将来它能反过来控制和融合这个主人呢。
王叶感觉到小光的勃勃生气，唇角翘起，随后敞开虫巢一个区域，让小光呼唤它的子民进入，这个区域以后就是浮游光虫的巢穴。
小光和它的子民都非常高兴，最适合寄生虫族的巢穴，其实就是虫巢。
但初期能住进虫巢的，都是出生就非常高等级的虫子，像它们这种最低等的，想要住进虫巢，至少也要等到虫王成长到六级以后，那时候虫巢已经是一个庞然大物，它们这些低等虫子就可以随便塞进什么地方了。
小光试探地和王叶提要求，想要把这个巢穴改变得更适合它们浮游光虫。
王叶非常大方地同意了。
小光顿时觉得这个契约赚大了，连做人奴仆的最后一丝不甘都抛到了脑后……好吧，不甘还是有的，但叛逃的心降低了不少。
“问你个事，是谁把你们这一支安排到这里？”王叶用精神链接询问。
小光给予了模糊的回答：“拟声虫，母虫。”
“它寄生了人类吗？”
“没有。”
“那你能联系到它吗？”
“能。”
“我想见见它。”
“不行。”小光断然拒绝：“你说过不会利用我对付我族。”
这句话它倒是传达得很利落。
碍于誓言，王叶没辙了。不过拟声虫的话，他正好知道一只，就不知道安排小光这一支的拟声虫是不是地下溶洞群里勾引他的那只。
不管是不是，抓来拷问一下就知道了。
“成功了？”雷木问。
王叶比划出一个ok，想起雷木看不懂这个手势，赶紧改为点头。
雷木笑：“恭喜。没想到寄生虫族还能契约。”
王叶挺起小胸膛：“这可不是普通人能做到的，没有虫巢，有再强的精神力都没用，除非你愿意承担每天被人背刺的危险。”
雷木这才问他为什么要契约这些虫子。 Raimu then asked him why he had contracted these bugs.
王叶就把契约浮游光虫的好处和自己的想法说了。 Wang Ye talked about the benefits of the contract planktonic light insect and his own thoughts.
“看，我只契约一只虫子，却相当于契约了一个种群，它们好养活不说，将来还能为我产出虫蜜这种好东西，必要时这些虫子还能作为我的攻击手段。更重要的是，我契约小光，一个铜币都没花。这笔买卖多划算？哪像那个坑货！”王叶翻了一个特别不屑的白眼。
"Look, I only contract one bug, but it's equivalent to a colony, they are easy to feed, not to mention, they can produce good things like worm honey for me in the future, and these bugs can also be used as my means of attack if necessary. What's more, I signed a small light, and I didn't spend a single copper coin. How good is this deal? It's like that pit goods! Wang Ye rolled his eyes with disdain.
雷木笑着弹了弹王小叶的额头，“你忘记计算你的虫巢，还有你契约魔法阵使用的材料了。”
Lei Mu smiled and flicked Wang Xiaoye's forehead, "You forgot to calculate your hive, as well as the materials used in your contract magic array." ”
“那怎么能一样。”王叶不想让雷木认为他小心眼，赶紧转换话题：“我还发现一个好东西，走~”
"How can that be the same." Wang Ye didn't want Lei Mu to think that he was cautious, so he quickly changed the topic: "I also found a good thing, go~"
王叶不知道，他小心眼兼贪财的形象早已在雷木心里立得牢牢。
Wang Ye didn't know that his image of being cautious and greedy for money had already been firmly established in Lei Mu's heart.
好东西就是那只魔偶。 The good thing is the puppet.
王叶把魔偶从墙里掏出来，直接带入虫巢空间，相当于斩断了魔偶和主人之间的联系。
Wang Ye took the puppet out of the wall and brought it directly into the hive space, which was equivalent to cutting off the connection between the puppet and the owner.
王叶这时才打开布包。 Wang Ye only opened the cloth bag at this time.
精致的布娃娃似乎向他眨了眨眼睛，可爱异常，让人见之就心生喜爱，哪怕是不喜欢布娃娃的成年男子也会想要拿到手里好好看一看。
The delicate rag doll seemed to wink at him, and it was so cute that people loved it when they saw it, and even adult men who didn't like it would want to take a good look at it in their hands.
王叶嗤笑：“竟然对我施展魅惑术。” Wang Ye sneered: "He actually used a charm spell on me. ”
可惜对他没用，上辈子他吃过魔偶的亏，之后就对魔偶专门做了一番研究，他师父觉得他不务正业，其中就有他把时间大量花在魔偶和魔阵图上的原因。
It's a pity that it's useless to him, he has suffered the loss of the puppet in his previous life, and then he has done a special study of the puppet, and his master thinks that he is not doing his job, which is the reason why he spends a lot of time on the puppet and the magic array diagram.
在研究途中，王叶发现精神力是个好东西，只要自身意志力足够顽强，精神力也足够强大，很多精神方面的伤害都会降到最低甚至无效。
During the research, Wang Ye found that spiritual power is a good thing, as long as his willpower is tenacious enough and his mental power is strong enough, many mental damage will be minimized or even ineffective.
而魔偶大多数采取的都是精神伤害，也就是针对灵魂的攻击。
And most of the puppets take mental damage, that is, attacks on the soul.
可王叶的精神源直接被一层密密麻麻的魔阵图保护着，这是他自学（他偶尔从一个99级的地狱级副本里弄来的，原理他还没有完全搞清楚）并尝试自己布置出来的精神防守魔阵网，效果非常好。
But Wang Ye's spiritual source was directly protected by a dense layer of magic array diagrams, which he taught himself (he occasionally got it from a level 99 hell-level copy, and he hadn't fully figured out the principle yet) and tried to lay out the spiritual defense demon array network by himself, and the effect was very good.
王叶就怀疑他能重生，除了元宇宙钥匙的作用，还有那场爆炸造成的巨大能量，他这个保护精神源的魔阵图应该也起了不小的作用。
魔偶可能发现和主人断了联系，再次对王叶发动攻击。 The puppet may have found that it had cut off contact with its master and attacked Wang Ye again.
王叶感到有什么东西在吸食他的生命力，立刻使用【冤冤相报】反击回去。
Wang Ye felt that something was sucking his life force, and immediately used [Retribution for Injustice] to fight back.
没有主人操控的魔偶变得很弱。布娃娃的脸裂开了，真裂开，里面的木头都露了出来。
王叶毫不客气地就把布娃娃给拆了。 Wang Ye unceremoniously dismantled the rag doll.
雷木就看到王叶小朋友特别残忍地把布娃娃的两只眼珠扣出来，再把两只小手和两只小脚拧断，又把上面戴着的手链和脚链扯下，接着扒掉外面那层丝绸衣服。
Lei Mu saw that Wang Ye's children were particularly cruel to buckle out the two eyeballs of the rag doll, then twist off the two little hands and two little feet, and ripped off the bracelets and anklets worn on them, and then stripped off the silk clothes outside.
布娃娃被衣服遮掩的部位画了几个魔阵图。 The part of the rag doll that is covered by clothes has several magic array diagrams.
“眼珠是血魂石，可以增加精神攻击力度。手链脚链都是魔法物品，也都具有增幅精神力的作用。手脚里面藏有暗器。”
"The eyeballs are blood soul stones, which can increase the strength of spiritual attacks. Bracelets and anklets are all magic items, and they all have the effect of increasing mental power. There are hidden weapons hidden in the hands and feet. ”
王叶最后才去取布娃娃身上挂着的项链。 Wang Ye finally went to get the necklace hanging on the rag doll.
项链显然对布娃娃异常重要，它发动了最后一次攻击。 The necklace was obviously unusually important to the ragdoll, and it launched its last attack.
雷木眼神一阵恍惚，他的封印松动了。 Lei Mu's eyes were in a trance, and his seal loosened.
额头很痛，像是有什么东西要冒出来。 There was a pain in my forehead, like something was about to pop out.
剧烈的疼痛反而让雷木清醒过来，当即低喝：“小叶子，那娃娃在试图操纵我攻击你。”
The severe pain made Lei Mu come to his senses, and he immediately shouted: "Xiao Yezi, that doll is trying to manipulate me to attack you." ”
“混蛋！竟然敢对木木动手，你死定了。”王叶面目变得狰狞，一把扯下项链，不顾手掌被腐蚀。他感觉不到多少疼痛，这点攻击对他效果等同于无。
"Bastard! If you dare to do anything to Mu Mu, you will die. Wang Ye's face became hideous, and he ripped off the necklace, regardless of the corrosion of his palm. He didn't feel much pain, and the attack was as effective as nothing for him.
雷木差点伸手去抓王小叶的手，但他能看出王叶正在关键的时候，没敢乱动。
Lei Mu almost reached out to grab Wang Xiaoye's hand, but he could see that Wang Ye was at a critical time and didn't dare to move.
紧接着，王叶拿出一把匕首，找了一只没有被腐蚀出白骨的手指，划了一下，用鲜血在布娃娃身体表面上的魔阵图做修改。
Immediately afterwards, Wang Ye took out a dagger, found a finger that had not been corroded out of white bones, swiped it, and used the magic array diagram on the surface of the rag doll's body with blood to make modifications.
雷木和王叶都听到了一声属于苍老女性的惨叫。 Lei Mu and Wang Ye both heard a scream belonging to an old woman.
魔阵图被破，王叶就拿着那把匕首剖开了布娃娃的胸膛。
The magic array was broken, and Wang Ye took the dagger and cut open the rag doll's chest.
赫然，一颗鲜活的心脏在布娃娃胸膛里跳动着。这颗心脏不算大，但因为布娃娃太小，这就让这颗心脏好像填满了布娃娃的胸腔。
Suddenly, a fresh heart beat in the chest of the rag doll. The heart is not big, but because the doll is so small, it makes it seem to fill the doll's chest.
第75章 女童之心 Chapter 75: A Girl's Heart
“人心？”雷木皱眉，暂时顾不上给自己封印，他刚刚封印了一次，失败了。
"People's hearts?" Lei Mu frowned, he didn't care about sealing himself for the time being, he had just sealed it once, and it failed.
王叶手指轻触心脏：“鉴定这颗心脏的主人，以及对方是否还活着。”
Wang Ye touched his heart with his fingers: "Identify the owner of this heart and whether the other party is still alive." ”
百科全书给出了答案：【女童心，被取心脏的女童还活着。该心脏失去一半魔阵图保护，必须在六小时内归还原主，否则原主必死无疑。】
The encyclopedia gives the answer: [The girl's heart, the girl whose heart was taken is still alive.] The heart has lost half of the protection of the magic array diagram, and must be returned to its original owner within six hours, otherwise the original owner will definitely die. 】
王叶伪装真实之眼，把他鉴定的答案告诉雷木。 Wang Ye disguised his True Eye and told Lei Mu the answer to his identification.
雷木：“女童？这要怎么找，又只有六个小时。” Thunderwood: "Girl? How to find this, it was only six hours. ”
王叶脸色不好看：“我知道一点线索，我们先离开监狱，去找那女孩。”
Wang Ye's face was not good-looking: "I know a little clue, let's leave the prison first and go find the girl." ”
他很烦这种事，可谁让他破坏魔偶身上的魔阵图时，他就和心脏的主人结下了因果。那几个魔阵图中就有一个是保持心脏活性的。
He was very annoyed by this kind of thing, but when anyone asked him to destroy the magic array diagram on the puppet, he formed a cause and effect with the owner of the heart. One of those magic arrays is to keep the heart active.
王叶把他进来后偷看偷听到的内容大致说了一遍。 Wang Ye roughly explained what he had peeked and overheard after he came in.
“那个毒狼自己的女儿？真不愧被称作毒狼，虎毒还不食子。我们快去。”雷木只觉得这种手段太残忍，竟然把一个女孩的心脏活生生地取出来放到魔偶身体里，尤其那还是自己的亲生女儿。
"That poisonous wolf's own daughter? It really deserves to be called a poisonous wolf, and tiger poison does not eat children. Let's go. Remu only felt that this method was too cruel, and even took out a girl's heart alive and put it in the puppet's body, especially if it was his own daughter.
王叶冷笑。亲生女儿又怎样，人渣之所以是人渣，那就是他们只在乎自己，根本没有人性这种东西存在。
Wang Ye sneered. What about their own daughters, the reason why scum is scum is that they only care about themselves, and there is no such thing as human nature at all.
两人进入虫巢，迅速离开监狱区，奔向感恩村。 The two entered the hive, quickly left the prison area, and ran to Thanksgiving Village.
两人先去了左勤桑的泥坯房。 The two went to Zuo Qinsang's mud house first.
左勤桑正在睡觉，但睡得很不安稳，听到声响，立刻醒了过来。
Zuo Qinsang was sleeping, but he was sleeping very unsteadily, and when he heard the sound, he woke up immediately.
“嘘。”王叶竖起手指，“不要问我们问题，时间很赶，告诉我，今天晚上村里是不是过来一个老头？那老头有一个妻子，还有一个十分漂亮的小女儿。”
"Shh Wang Ye raised his fingers, "Don't ask us questions, time is in a hurry, tell me, is there an old man coming over from the village tonight?" The old man had a wife and a very beautiful little daughter. ”
“老头？”左勤桑翻身坐起，眼露迷茫，“这里有妻子和女儿的人不少，女儿长得特别漂亮的……呃，看守郑琅的女儿？他女儿才十一岁还是十二岁，但人人都说她是个美人胚子，尤其气质很特别。不过郑琅不算多老，他才五十出头吧。”
"Old man?" Zuo Qinsang turned over and sat up, his eyes were confused, "There are a lot of wives and daughters here, and the daughters are very beautiful...... Uh, guarding Zheng Lang's daughter? His daughter is only eleven or twelve years old, but everyone says that she is a beautiful embryo, especially with a very special temperament. But Zheng Lang is not very old, he is only in his early fifties. ”
“郑琅，毒狼，应该就是他了。他住在哪里？” "Zheng Lang, poisonous wolf, it should be him. Where does he live? ”
“村北边靠海那一家。因为郑琅是少有的在感恩村娶妻生子的看守，他怕有人报复他的妻女，就把家建得离村子比较远，平时大家也不会往那边去。”
"The one on the north side of the village is by the sea. Because Zheng Lang was one of the few guards who married a wife and had children in Thanksgiving Village, he was afraid that someone would retaliate against his wife and daughter, so he built his home far away from the village, and everyone would not go there in normal times. ”
“知道了，你继续睡吧，就当我们没来过。你弟弟我们已经大致打听到他的下落，正在找，走了。”
"Got it, you go back to sleep, just because we didn't come. Your brother has already found out about his whereabouts, and is looking for him, and is gone. ”
一大一小来去如风，门都没打开。 One big and one small came and went like the wind, and the door didn't open.
左勤桑在床上呆坐了一会儿，彻底睡不着了。好在这两人已经打听到他弟的下落，他只要继续等消息就好。
Zuo Qinsang sat on the bed for a while, completely unable to sleep. Fortunately, the two had already inquired about his brother's whereabouts, and he just had to wait for news.
同一时间，已经在新巢穴安顿好的小光巡视着自己的新领地，它特别满意这个巢穴，宽敞、温暖、干燥、干净，还通风良好，除了不太自由，任何一点都非常适合它们浮游光虫一族。
At the same time, Xiaoguang, who had settled in his new lair, patrolled his new territory, and he was particularly satisfied with the lair, which was spacious, warm, dry, clean, and well ventilated, except that it was not very free, and everything was very suitable for their planktonic light worm family.
咿咿？它好像感觉到了能量，就从巢穴上面而来。 Babbling? It seemed to feel the energy, and it came from above the nest.
小光飞出巢穴，飞到了后院上方，看到了满地的砖头。 Xiaoguang flew out of the nest and flew above the backyard to see bricks all over the ground.
这是……哇，好多食物！虽然看起来不太好吃，但它和它的族虫都饿了，之前那半个人类尸体根本无法让它们吃饱，它们已经忍饥挨饿很久了。
This is...... Wow, so much food! Although it didn't look very tasty, it and its insects were hungry, and the half human corpse couldn't feed them at all, and they had been starving for a long time.
这些砖头好歹比泥巴的能量丰富，今天的晚饭就是它们了！
These bricks are more energetic than mud, and that's all for today's dinner!
小光飞回巢穴，招呼自己的子民：“咿咿！”吃饭啦~ Xiaoguang flew back to the lair and beckoned to his people: "Babble! "It's time to eat~
使用轻功奔跑的王叶一个急刹车。 Wang Ye, who uses light power to run, brakes sharply.
雷木转头看他。 Remu turned to look at him.
王叶脸色铁青：“我马上来。” Wang Ye's face turned pale: "I'll come right away." ”
说完，人就进入了虫巢。 After saying that, the man entered the hive.
石屋后院，一大群浮游光虫趴在伪装的金砖上大吃特吃。
In the backyard of the stone house, a large group of planktonic light insects lay on the camouflaged gold bricks and ate a lot.
“都给我住口！”王叶气得跳脚。 "Shut up!" Wang Ye jumped to his feet in anger.
小光飞起来，理直气壮地道：“饿。” Xiaoguang flew up and said confidently: "Hungry." ”
“饿也不能吃这个啊！我不是跟你说过，你们吃什么必须得到我的允许吗？”
"You can't eat this if you're hungry! Didn't I tell you that you have to get my permission for what you eat? ”
“咿，忘了。” "Bah, forgot."
王叶：“……”烧了吧，这只也不比精灵蛋可爱到哪里。
Wang Ye: "......" burn it, this one is not much cuter than an elf egg.
小光感觉到王叶的浓烈杀意，瑟瑟发抖：“咿咿咿！” Xiaoguang felt Wang Ye's strong killing intent, and trembled: "Babble! ”
“现在知道错了？迟了！”王小叶变成了叶小魔王，点起火把就要烧死小光。
"Now know it's wrong? It's late! "Wang Xiaoye has become Ye Xiaodemon King, and he is about to burn Xiaoguang to death when he lights a torch.
小光哇地放声大哭，翻来覆去地哭自己和子民们特别饥饿、命特别苦，咿咿咿声不断。
Xiaoguang cried loudly, crying over and over again that he and his people were very hungry and miserable, and babbling constantly.
其他浮游光虫也都飞起来，围绕着王叶飞来飞去。幸好这些浮游光虫都不会说话，但数量太多了，只振翅声就嗡嗡的很吵人。
The other planktonic light insects also flew up, flying around Wang Ye. Luckily, none of these planktonic light insects can speak, but there are so many of them that the sound of flapping their wings is very noisy.
王叶被吵得脑袋疼：“闭嘴，再吵我真烧了你。” Wang Ye was so noisy that his head hurt: "Shut up, I'll really burn you if you quarrel again." ”
小光立刻让子民们散开。 Xiaoguang immediately let the people disperse.
王叶收起火把，插腰：“你敢说你不是故意让小虫子们吃掉我的黄金？”
Wang Ye put away the torch and thrust his waist: "You dare to say that you didn't mean to let the little bugs eat my gold?" ”
“不故意……饿，好久没吃饱……”小光感觉到了可怕主人的软化。
"Not intentionally...... Hungry, I haven't eaten enough for a long time......" Koko felt the softening of his terrible master.
“你还觉得你有理了？” "You still think you're justified?"
“你……主人……应该准备食物。狗也有饭菜。”小光据理力争。
"You...... Master...... Food should be prepared. Meals are also available for dogs. Xiaoguang argued.
王叶喷笑：“你还知道狗？狗会自己出去觅食的好吗，好的猎狗还会带猎物回来给主人。你们呢？”
Wang Ye sneered: "Do you still know dogs?" Dogs will go out to forage for food on their own, and good hunting dogs will bring their prey back to their owners. What about you? ”
“你……让我们……出去。” "You...... Let's ...... Get out. ”
“不可能。把你们放出去，谁知道你们会吃什么。行了，以后我会给你们准备食物，但我最后一次警告你，没有我的允许，你们决不能随便偷吃，尤其不能随便吃活人。还有我的虫巢空间中的所有物品，只要我不允许的，你和小虫子们一样都不准动！”
"No way. Let you out, and who knows what you'll eat. Alright, I will prepare food for you in the future, but I warn you one last time that you must not eat as you please, especially from living people, without my permission. And all the items in my hive space, as long as I don't allow it, you and the little bugs are not allowed to move! ”
小光撞墙：咿！可恶的人类啊！它要叛逃！ Xiaoguang hit the wall: Bah! O abominable humans! It's going to defect!
当然它也就是想想，它签的是奴仆契约，王叶有什么不好，它也不会好。王叶死了，它和它的子民也都得死。
Of course, it just thinks about it, it signed a slave contract, and if Wang Ye is not good, it will not be good. When the king is dead, he and his people must die.
王叶突发奇想：“你们为什么不向蜜蜂学习呢？都是虫子，都产蜜，你看人家产出来的蜜多受欢迎？而且开花的植物还都特别欢迎蜜蜂去采蜜。如果你们也能像蜜蜂一样，懂得持续性发展，还懂得互利互助，那我也不是不可以放你们自由捕猎。”
Wang Ye suddenly thought: "Why don't you learn from the bees?" It's all insects, they all produce honey, do you see how popular is the honey produced by others? In addition, the flowering plants are especially welcome for bees to collect honey. If you can be like bees, know how to develop sustainably, and know how to help each other, then I can't let you hunt freely. ”
小光愤怒得精神了：“咿！咿咿！” Xiaoguang was so angry that he was angry: "Bah! Babble! ”
“为什么不可以？想想你们的名字，寄生虫族，这名字多难听？说明你们就是世界的害虫，是寄生者，是必须被消灭的存在，可当有一天，你们的存在变成这个世界不可缺少的一环，还有人会叫你们寄生虫吗？来，让我们一起喊，向勤劳的蜜蜂同志们学习！”王叶同学振臂高呼。
"Why not? Think of your name, Parasite, how ugly is that? It means that you are the pest of the world, a parasite, and an existence that must be destroyed, but one day, your existence becomes an indispensable part of this world, will anyone still call you a parasite? Come, let's shout together and learn from the hard-working comrades of the bees! Wang Ye raised his arms and shouted.
小光和浮游光虫们：“……” Light and Plankton: "......"
“想想看，这世界有多少花花草草正等待你们的临幸。除了花蜜，你们也可以适当地给树木草丛解决一些多生枝丫的问题。当树木减少赘枝，它们可以长得更高更粗更壮。你们还可以帮助动物吃掉它们身上的寄生虫，我说的不是你们族，很多鸟类就是以此为生，也很受那些动物的欢迎。”
"Think about how many flowers and plants in this world are waiting for your presence. In addition to nectar, you can also properly solve the problem of overgrowth of trees and grasses. When trees reduce their branches, they can grow taller, thicker and stronger. You can also help animals eat their parasites, and I'm not talking about your species, many birds make a living from it, and it's very popular with those animals. ”
“还有田间杂草。很多药师种的药草品级都很高，但田里除了药草，还有更多杂草，这些杂草同样富含能量，却很难除去，如果你们吃掉这些杂草，我们还能跟药师和大农场主之类的富豪索要报酬。”
"And weeds in the fields. Many of the herbs grown by the apothecary are of a very high grade, but there are many more weeds in the fields, which are also rich in energy but difficult to get rid of, and if you eat these weeds, we can still ask for payment from rich people like the medicine man and the big farmer. ”
王叶很正经地举了很多例子，希望这支浮游光虫能学会正确的狩猎方式。
Wang Ye gave many examples very seriously, hoping that this planktonic light insect could learn the correct way to hunt.
小光和浮游光虫们：咿……呸！不要以为我们不知道你就想拿我们当赚钱工具。
Light and Planktonic Light Bugs: Babble...... Bah! Don't think that if we don't know it, you want to use us as a money-making tool.
“好吧，我再退一步。如果我放你们出去自由捕猎，你们必须做到四点。首先，没有我的允许，不能捕猎活的人类。人类死尸……可以吃，但也要得到我的允许。第二，没有我的允许，有主的东西不要碰。第三，发现矿石，尤其是魔晶矿一类的珍稀矿石，一定要先告诉我，然后我决定你们吃哪些、吃多少。第四，没有我的允许，不允许捕猎和吃掉生物幼崽。”
"Okay, I'll take a step back. If I let you out hunting freely, you must do four things. First of all, you can't hunt live humans without my permission. Human Dead ...... You can eat it, but you have to get my permission. Second, do not touch anything that has the Lord without my permission. Thirdly, if you find ores, especially rare ores such as Magic Crystal Ore, you must tell me first, and then I will decide which and how much you will eat. Fourth, it is not allowed to hunt and eat biological cubs without my permission. ”
王叶自认为讲理，其实特别蛮横无理地定下他的规矩。 Wang Ye thinks he is reasonable, but in fact, he sets his rules very arrogantly and unreasonably.
“蚊子、苍蝇、蝗虫、蚂蟥、虱子、跳蚤、蟑螂……之类的害虫幼崽除外，这些成虫你们也可以随便吃。”
"Mosquitoes, flies, locusts, leeches, lice, fleas, cockroaches...... Except for pest peats, you can eat these adults as you like. ”
王叶顿住，脑洞进一步开拓：“我发现你们可以吃的害虫很多啊。真的，我建议你们主食就吃害虫好了。这个世界也有不少富含能量的魔虫，比如吸血魔蚊、疫病苍蝇、食树蚜虫、紫翅蝗虫、金点跳蚤等等，很多。就说这座海岛上应该就有不少害虫和普通寄生虫。如果你们发誓以此为主食，副食就采采蜜、吃吃花粉，再来点杂草改善口味，我一定放你们自由捕猎。”
Wang Ye paused, and his brain hole was further expanded: "I found that you can eat a lot of pests." Really, I suggest you eat pests as your staple food. There are also many energy-rich magic insects in this world, such as vampire demon mosquitoes, blight flies, tree-eating aphids, purple-winged locusts, golden-dotted fleas, etc., many of them. Let's just say that there are a lot of pests and common parasites on this island. If you swear that this is your staple food, and you will collect honey and pollen as a staple food, and add some weeds to improve your taste, I will let you hunt freely. ”
“自由啊，这还不值得你们改变食谱吗？只要你们做得好，我也会不定期的给你们准备一些高能量食物，比如魔晶什么的。我还能用虫巢帮你们进化。再说，你们有固定食谱吗？难道不是上面让你们吃什么，你们就吃什么？现在吩咐的人换成我，为什么就不行了？”
"Freedom, isn't it worth changing your recipes? As long as you do well, I will also prepare some high-energy food for you from time to time, such as magic crystals or something. I can also use the hive to help you evolve. Besides, do you have a set recipe? Isn't it true that you will eat whatever you are told to eat? If the person who is commanded now is replaced by me, why can't it be done? ”
小光和浮游光虫们：“……”讨厌，竟然被说动摇了。 Xiaoguang and planktonic light insects: "......" hated it, and it was said that it was shaken.
“另外，石屋那边，没有我的允许，也不能进入。”王叶让小光和小虫子们好好考虑，到底忍着心痛给它们准备了十块金砖。
"Also, the stone house can't be entered without my permission." Wang Ye asked Xiaoguang and the little insects to think about it, and in the end they endured the heartache and prepared ten gold bricks for them.
十块金砖啊，这可是至少两三百万的华夏币！ Ten gold bricks, this is at least two or three million Huaxia coins!
它们会产出虫蜜，吃掉了还能吐出来，没事没事~ They will produce worm honey, and they can spit it out after eating, it's okay~
王叶不断自我安慰，实际仍旧心疼得滴血。但虫巢内现在还真没有适合浮游光虫们的食物，普通食物也不多，他还得留出他和雷木的口粮。至于那少少几枚魔晶，和钟乳石液之类的宝贝，更不可能给小虫子们吃。
Wang Ye kept comforting himself, but he was still bleeding from distress. But there really wasn't any food for planktonic light bugs in the hive right now, and there wasn't much ordinary food, so he had to set aside his and Thunderwood's rations. As for the few magic crystals and stalactite liquid, it is impossible for the little bugs to eat.
对了，钟乳洞！ That's right, stalactite cave!
王叶飞快跑到种植区，把那个钟乳洞用魔阵图保护起来，幸好他及时发觉，否则等那些小虫子把这个洞里的宝贝们啃光，他才真是哭都没地方哭。
Wang Ye quickly ran to the planting area and protected the stalactite cave with a magic array diagram, fortunately he found out in time, otherwise when those little insects gnawed up the treasures in this cave, he really wouldn't have a place to cry.
王叶离开虫巢空间时，还想着要如何利用虫巢来改造那些浮游光虫。
When Wang Ye left the hive space, he was still thinking about how to use the hive to transform those planktonic light insects.
让浮游光虫吃害虫、吃杂草，顺便采蜜、采花粉，他是认真的。
He was serious about letting planktonic light insects eat pests and weeds, and collect nectar and pollen by the way.
雷木看到王叶再次出现，用目光询问他发生了什么事。 Lei Mu saw Wang Ye reappear and asked him what had happened with his eyes.
王叶王扒皮一样哼唧：“一群还没干活就想吃好的懒蛋馋虫，我去给它们上了一堂课，让它们知道什么能吃什么不能吃。”
Wang Yewang snorted like a peel: "A group of lazy gluttonous insects who want to eat well before they work, I went to teach them a lesson, so that they know what they can eat and what they can't eat." ”
雷木忍不住问：“它们吃什么了？” Lei Mu couldn't help but ask, "What did they eat?" ”
王叶咬牙切齿：“金砖，十块！” Wang Ye gritted his teeth: "Gold bricks, ten!" ”
“没事，吃得多，产出也多。”雷木安慰他。 "It's okay, eat more, produce more." Remu comforted him.
王叶也只能这么自我安慰。虫蜜可是好东西，他和雷木现在都用得着。
Wang Ye can only comfort himself like this. Worm honey is a good thing, and he and Thunderwood can use it now.
想想看，能让资质进化的药物都能卖出什么天价。 Think about it, what sky-high prices can be sold for drugs that can evolve qualifications.
郑琅家里点着灯。 Zheng Lang has a lamp lit in his house.
郑琅半夜醒来，发现自己和魔偶之间的联系被切断了，这让他异常慌乱。
Zheng Lang wakes up in the middle of the night and finds that the connection between him and the puppet has been severed, which makes him extremely flustered.
他立刻就离开家前往监狱。 He immediately left his home and went to prison.
他的妻子问都不敢问他有什么事，只是抱紧女儿看着他离开。
His wife didn't dare to ask him what was the matter, but just hugged her daughter and watched him leave.
过了没多久，郑心心忽然捂住自己的心脏，不住喊疼。 Not long after, Zheng Xinxin suddenly covered his heart and couldn't stop crying out in pain.
她的母亲焦急不已，想要带女儿去找村里懂药草的。 Her mother was anxious and wanted to take her daughter to the village who knew how to use medicinal herbs.
但她的女儿紧紧拉住了她。 But her daughter held her tightly.
“娘，别去。”小女孩眼神有着这个年龄没有的成熟和冷漠。
"Mother, don't go." The little girl's eyes have a maturity and indifference that she doesn't have at this age.
女孩解开自己的衣服，低头看胸膛，那里有一条清楚的红痕。
The girl unbuttoned her clothes and looked down at her chest, where there was a clear red mark.
她一直都知道，她叫心心，可是她没有心。 She always knew that she was called Xinxin, but she didn't have a heart.
她的心在另一个怪物身上，她还能通过她的心脏看到那个怪物杀人，一次又一次。
Her heart was in another monster, and she could still see that monster kill through her heart, again and again.
第一次，她很害怕，她告诉父母，她大哭大闹。 The first time, she was scared, she told her parents, and she was crying.
但她的母亲不理解，以为她只是做了噩梦。 But her mother didn't understand and thought she was just having a nightmare.
她的父亲却在她这么说以后，非常高兴，还在她身上刻印一种奇怪的图案。
Her father, however, was very pleased when she said this, and carved a strange pattern on her.
她的背部和四肢都是被父亲用小刀一刀刀刻下来的图案，她很疼，她哀求父亲，但父亲却没有放过她。
Her back and limbs were carved by her father with a knife, and she was in pain, and she begged her father, but he didn't let her go.
她父亲还定期给她吃一些很难吃的药物，她不知道那是什么，只知道每次吃完她都会不舒服很久。
Her father also gave her some very difficult medicine on a regular basis, she didn't know what it was, only that she would be uncomfortable for a long time after each meal.
但随着她服药次数增多，她和那怪物之间的联系也越来越紧密。
But as she took more drugs, so did her connection with the monster.
有时候她甚至会觉得那个怪物侵占了她的身体，在她睡着后用她的身体活动。
Sometimes she even felt like the monster had invaded her body, using her body to move after she fell asleep.
她的母亲也告诉她，她梦游的次数越来越多。 Her mother also told her that she was sleepwalking more and more.
因为担心，她母亲也告诉了让她们都深深惧怕的父亲，但父亲完全不以为意，也禁止她们去找药师。
Worried, her mother told her father, who was deeply frightened of them, but he didn't care at all and forbade them to go to the pharmacist.
郑心心觉得她父亲有时看她的目光，让她打从心底恐惧。
Zheng Xinxin felt that her father's gaze at her sometimes made her fear from the bottom of her heart.
那种兴奋和期待，完全不像是等待女儿长大的父亲。 That kind of excitement and anticipation is not at all like a father waiting for his daughter to grow up.
她曾试图逃跑过，但不管跑出多远，一旦她睡着，再醒来她就发现她又在家中。
She had tried to escape, but no matter how far she had gone, once she fell asleep, she woke up to find her home again.
郑心心很害怕，可她太小，完全不知道该如何办，恐惧父亲的母亲也不能为她解决问题。
Zheng Xinxin was very scared, but she was too young to know what to do, and her mother who was afraid of her father could not solve the problem for her.
“娘，我就要死了，你不要害怕。”小女孩握住母亲的手，温柔地说。
"Mother, I'm going to die, don't be afraid." The little girl took her mother's hand and said softly.
女人吓坏了，呆呆地看着女儿。 The woman was frightened and stared blankly at her daughter.
“娘，你也感觉到了对吗，心心就要变得不是心心了，现在我死了，一切就都结束了，我不想变成怪物。”
"Mother, you also feel it, right, Xinxin is about to become not Xinxin, now that I'm dead, everything is over, I don't want to become a monster."
女人一把抱住女儿，嚎啕大哭。她不是不知道丈夫对女儿做了什么，但她不懂也不敢反抗。如果不反抗，她和女儿都还能勉强活下去，如果反抗，她一定会死，那么只留下女儿，会有什么结果？
The woman hugged her daughter and cried. It's not that she doesn't know what her husband did to her daughter, but she doesn't understand and doesn't dare to resist. If she doesn't resist, she and her daughter can barely survive, and if she resists, she will definitely die, so what will happen if she leaves only her daughter?
“谁说你要死了？”王叶和雷木推开门，走到母女俩身边。
"Who said you're going to die?" Wang Ye and Lei Mu pushed open the door and walked to the mother and daughter.
“你们是谁？！”女人迅速站起，把女儿藏到身后。 "Who are you?!" The woman quickly stood up and hid her daughter behind her.
王叶拿出布娃娃，给她们看露出的心脏：“给你女儿送心脏的人。现在如果你希望你女儿能活下去，那就让开。”
Wang Ye took out the rag dolls and showed them the exposed hearts: "The one who sent the heart to your daughter." Now if you want your daughter to live, get out of the way. ”
女人正要说什么，她女儿忽然从后面走出来。 The woman was about to say something when her daughter suddenly came out from behind.
郑心心认出了这个布娃娃，这就是她知道的那个怪物！ Zheng Xinxin recognized this rag doll, this is the monster she knows!
虽然她从没有看到过这个怪物的样子，但一看到这个布娃娃，她就知道那怪物就是它，那颗正在跳动的心脏也是她的。
Although she had never seen this monster before, as soon as she saw this rag doll, she knew that the monster was it, and the beating heart was also hers.
另一头，郑琅都顾不上伪装成老囚犯的样子，他直接用看守的身份进入了废弃牢房区。
On the other end, Zheng Lang didn't care about pretending to be an old prisoner, he directly entered the abandoned cell area as a guard.
当他找到那个藏魔偶的牢房，发现魔偶已经消失，他愤怒地发出了凄厉的嚎叫。
When he found the cell where the puppet was hidden, and found that the puppet was gone, he let out a terrible howl of rage.
这是他力量的源泉，是他能让看守们乃至监狱长都要敬着他的依仗。
This is the source of his strength, and it is the one that he relies on to make the guards and even the warden respect him.
现在魔偶消失，他以后怎么办？ Now that the puppet is gone, what will he do in the future?
监狱长是个十分冷酷残忍的人，一旦你在他面前失去利用价值，那么你存在的意义也就没多少了。
The warden is a very cold and cruel person, and once you lose your usefulness in front of him, then there is not much meaning in your existence.
尤其他帮监狱长处理了那么多人，其中不止有囚犯，也有看守，甚至还有外面派来的大人物。
Especially when he helped the prison director deal with so many people, including not only prisoners, but also guards, and even big people sent from outside.
一旦让监狱长知道他失去依仗，一定不会放过他。 Once the warden knows that he has lost his support, he will not let him go.
对了，他还有女儿。 By the way, he also has a daughter.
他的魔偶是祖母传给他的，上面留有祖母的灵魂印记。其实他一直有猜测，祖母的灵魂没有消失，就寄存在魔偶身上。
His puppet was handed down to him by his grandmother and bears the imprint of his grandmother's soul. In fact, he has always speculated that his grandmother's soul did not disappear, but was stored in the puppet.
也是祖母在生前告诉他，说魔偶的力量来自于生命，最好是自己的血脉。
It was also his grandmother who told him before his death that the power of the puppet comes from life, preferably from his own blood.
曾经，这个魔偶的胸膛里装着他姐姐的心脏。 Once, the puppet had his sister's heart in his chest.
可有一天，他姐姐突然就病死了。 But one day, his sister suddenly fell ill and died.
他的祖母也突发疾病，进入弥留之际。 His grandmother also fell ill and was dying.
他被祖母叫到床前，被叮嘱了魔偶的威力和使用方法。 He was called to his bed by his grandmother and told him how to use the puppet.
当他了解这个魔偶的详细后，他一开始根本不敢用，他觉得太诡异了。
When he learned the details of this puppet, he didn't dare to use it at first, he thought it was too weird.
直到他成为囚犯岛的看守。 Until he became the caretaker of Prisoner Island.
囚犯岛的生活并不美好，他曾经还希望能早日轮班离开。
Life on Prisoner Island was not good, and he had hoped to leave the shift sooner rather than later.
但监狱长在岛上发现了金矿，谁也不知道他是怎么发现的，总之有一天，他忽然就开始安排人去挖掘金矿，并利用金子把一个又一个看守拉下水。
But the warden found gold on the island, and no one knew how he found it, but one day, he suddenly began to arrange for people to dig for gold, and used the gold to pull one guard after another into the water.
所有看守都不能离开了。 All the guards could not leave.
监狱长还买通了上面的大人物，让三年一次的轮换也变成了纸面文章。
The prison warden also bought off the big names above, so that the triennial rotation became a paper article.
老看守们一直没有离开，偶有新看守过来，也是要么同流合污，要么就成为这座岛的养料。
The old guards never left, and the occasional new guards came to either join the crowd or become the nourishment of the island.
郑琅也不知道自己怎么想的，也许一开始他是为了自保，也许是他想要掌握更多力量，他拿出了藏了多年的魔偶。
Zheng Lang didn't know what he thought, maybe at first he was trying to protect himself, maybe he wanted to master more power, he took out the puppet that he had hidden for many years.
他用女囚犯的心脏做实验，都失败了。 He experimented with the hearts of female prisoners, all of which failed.
他偷偷用感恩村的女子的心脏做实验，也失败了。 He secretly experimented with the heart of a woman in Thanksgiving Village, but it also failed.
最后，他选择找了个女人，和她生下了一个女儿。 In the end, he chose to find a woman and gave birth to a daughter with her.
在女儿两岁时，他利用祖母告诉他的方法，顺利取出了女儿的心脏，转移到魔偶身体中。
When his daughter was two years old, he took advantage of the method told him by his grandmother to successfully remove his daughter's heart and transfer it to the puppet's body.
也许真的是血脉的力量在起作用，之前一直没反应的魔偶终于有了反应。
Maybe it's really the power of the bloodline that is working, and the puppet that has been unresponsive before has finally reacted.
他也有了一个强大的依仗。 He also has a strong reliance.
至于说魔偶身体上附有祖母的灵魂，而祖母一直都在借用魔偶和郑心心之间的联系，试图抢占曾孙女的身体，他知道，那又怎样呢？
不过一个女儿而已。
郑琅找不到魔偶，无计可施下，只能再回去找女儿，他现在只能期待他祖母的灵魂转移到了女儿身上。
只有他祖母知道魔偶怎么制作，而他只知道怎么使用。
第76章 魔种
郑琅想要赶回家中，但监狱里不知出了什么事，戒备一下严了不少。
他进来的时候就遭到一些繁琐的盘查，如果不是他看守的身份，同事们都不会让他进来。
现在他想出去，就变得更麻烦起来。
两名守门人不断盘问他这么晚跑来监狱区干什么，现在又急着离开是为了什么。
郑琅借口说忘了东西，现在东西拿到就要回家。
守门人就让他把东西拿出来看看。
郑琅拿不出东西，他出来得急，身上就没带多余的东西。他以为看守们只是例行询问，没想到会较真。
看郑琅拿不出东西，又一副不耐烦、急着离开的模样，守门人也警惕起来，并没有因为郑琅也是看守，就对他轻易放过。
“你说不出具体原因，又拿不出证明，我们也没办法验证，麻烦你去见监狱长吧。”守门人想到上面的吩咐，如此说道。
“监狱长这时候还没有休息吗？”
“这不是你应该问的。”守门人虎着脸道，转而就拉绳铃通知其他看守过来。
郑琅急着回家，哪里想去看什么监狱长，但他没有了布娃娃，想要强行突破也难，只能不情不愿地被另两名赶过来的看守带去见监狱长。
监狱长辛格尔已经看到那封信，他现在不关心药丸是什么，他只想知道到底是谁留下了这封信，又是什么目的。
聪明人总会把事情想得复杂，监狱长也一样。
明明信上主旨就是在警告他寄生虫一事，让他不要再把药丸传播出去。
可监狱长愣是从这两句话中分析出了一二三四五，他坚定地认为留信人是在威胁他。
而对方威胁他的目的无非是想从他的生意中分一杯羹，或是想要插足金矿收益。
监狱长脑中闪过很多怀疑对象，他用金矿利诱看守们，还诱惑了囚犯中一些比较有实力、有威望的家伙为他做事，囚犯们知道的不多可以暂时排除，而且囚犯们也不可能在看守们的办公区域来去自如。
怀疑对象缩小到看守们身上，但看守数量也不少。
监狱长没有所谓的心腹，他不相信所有人，但他尽量不让别人看出这一点。
就是他带来伺候自己的几个仆人，他也不是完全信任。
是谁？
到底是谁在暗中盯着他？
寄生虫又是怎么回事？对方怎么会知道？
最主要的是对方怎么知道他在和黎家做药丸生意，还知道他藏药丸的地点？
他看过花瓶底了，他得到的那些药丸全都消失了。
监狱长很想去见一见给他药丸的人，但想到药丸和寄生虫有关，所谓的能力觉醒也只是寄生虫导致的变异，他就不敢再去找那个人。
也许信上说得都是假的，根本没有寄生虫的事，这只是一种恐吓手段，是诈欺。
监狱长烦躁地在办公室走来走去，就在这时，有人来通知他，说郑琅半夜跑回监狱，还跑到废弃区，行动诡异，现在又急着要回家。底下人觉得不对劲，就把人带来了。
监狱长眯眼：郑琅，毒狼……
监狱长在审问室见了郑琅。
郑琅一看到监狱长进来就叫屈，说他只是遗忘了东西在废弃区，回来找没有找到，找不到那自然要回家了。
监狱长看着年轻许多的郑琅不说话。
郑琅也安静了下来，静静地回看监狱长。
“你遗忘了什么东西，这么急着回来找？”
“一把匕首。”
“是吗。你回到监狱区后，除了废弃区，还去了什么地方？”
“没有，我直接就去了废弃区，没有再去其他地方。”
“有什么人能证明？”
“这……怎么可能有人证明？废弃区又没有人！”
“那我要怎么相信你回到监狱，没有去其他地方？”
“狱长，到底发生了什么事？监狱里怎么突然警戒起来？”郑琅怀疑监狱的警戒可能跟他的魔偶消失也有很大关系。
监狱长当然不会告诉郑琅详细，他现在对这头毒狼怀疑得很。
毒狼毒狼，连自己妻子孩子都不在乎的人，又怎么会在意一点同事情义？
如果说这人知道了药丸的事，暗中威胁他，也不是不可能的事。也许对方已经不想再伪装成一个老囚犯，帮他处理一些脏事，但又想不出什么好办法摆脱他，就用了另一种方式来威胁他。
“狱长！”审问室门被无礼地推开，一名看起来十分威严的中年人站在门口，面色焦急。
监狱长皱眉，来人是仓管区负责人，别人都认为对方是他心腹中的心腹。
而这人和他确实有很近的亲戚关系，是他同父异母的兄长，他父亲一个情人生下的孩子。
不过他父亲娶了春水上国国王的私生女以后，就和他前面的情人全都解除了关系，不再来往，但孩子不好不认，他就把这些私生子女全都塞得远远的。
他这个私生子兄长比他来这座囚犯岛的时间还早。
说起来，他这个兄长当年在王城也是一个人物，虽然是不被承认的私生子，但他本身能力很不错，二十岁不到就从高级武者跨越成了初级武师，可谓是前途一片光明。
据说当时他们锡雨国的三王子很看好他，想把他收到身边做事。
可惜他母亲看这个私生子很不顺眼，如果对方混得一般般，也就算了，偏偏对方竟然有混出头的架势，这就戳了他那个同样是私生女出生，自尊心极高又极度自卑的母亲的心。
他父亲无奈，只能把这个很是看好的私生子给迅速发配。
他当时和这个兄长的关系很不错，对方并没有因为他是婚生子就排斥他，反而很照顾他，他也因为对方身上那种兄长的宽厚和严厉，和对方很是亲近。
只不过他不知道他这个兄长竟然被发配到了囚犯岛。
可笑的是，他这个侯爵和所谓“公主”所生的婚生子，最后也来到了囚犯岛。
如果不是他父母前期过于高调，得罪了太多人，他堂堂侯爵之子至于会被“委派”到一个囚犯岛来做监狱长吗？
现在倒知道低调了，可却又因为他们的私心，把他困在了这里。
整整二十年啊，他的青春、他的梦想，全都毁在了这里。
“什么事？”监狱长知道他这个兄长如果没有紧急的事，绝不会这么触犯他的权威。
辛加烈对他使了个眼色。
监狱长立刻丢下郑琅，走出审讯室。
两人去了另一个房间，关上门，辛加烈才脸色沉重地道：“当你要求加强戒备后，我就去仓库区走了走，然后我发现……”
“你发现了什么？”监狱长陡然紧张起来。
辛加烈看他神情，叹息：“你先不要急……所有分隔墙都消失了。”
监狱长一下就变成了哑巴，过了好一会儿才重复：“所有？”
“是，所有。而且铁门都关得好好的，地面和墙顶，以及与分隔墙接触的墙体都没有被大肆破坏的痕迹。”
“只有那些……消失？其他东西呢？食物呢？”
“食物和其他用品都还好好的，一样都没动。”
“谁干的？”监狱长只是自语，他也知道问不出答案。
“你是不是也发现了什么？否则你为什么会让监狱加强戒备？”辛加烈反问。
监狱长想把信件的事告诉对方，但又不想让对方知道药丸和变异虫卵有关。
辛加烈的手按住监狱长的肩膀：“说吧，你总不能什么事都一个人担着。让我知道，我不会说出去，但我可以帮你分忧。”
监狱长沉默了一会儿，转身。
辛加烈立刻跟上，他知道这是辛格尔软化的表示。
辛加烈在监狱长办公室看到了那张信纸，面色惊疑：“寄生虫卵和寄生虫？”
监狱长点头：“这事也不知道真假。”
“这事求证起来也容易。可惜这信件上没写明被寄生虫寄生后变异是好事还是坏事。”辛加烈来回走动思考。
“能觉醒特别天赋甚至是魔力，你觉得是好事还是坏事？”监狱长冷笑。
辛加烈停下脚步：“现在监狱里已经有不少变异人了吧？”
“对，都是囚犯。这可不是什么好兆头，如果他们闹腾起来……”
"Yes, all prisoners. That's not a good sign, if they make a fuss......"
“他们不敢闹，我们有能对付他们的武器。这样，明天一大早，你就派看守们去把那些变异囚犯都统一关入到重犯区，但不要关在一起，全都分开关。”
"They don't dare to make trouble, we have weapons against them. So, early tomorrow morning, you're going to send the guards to put all the mutant prisoners in the felony quarter, but not together, they're all going to be switched off. ”
“如果他们闹起来？” "And if they make a fuss?"
“那就杀死，一个都不要留。”辛加烈冷酷地道。 "Then kill and leave no one behind." Singarel said coldly.
“我想找到留信人，他肯定知道更多。而且有这么一个人躲在暗处，太讨厌了。”监狱长也只有在这个兄长面前才会流露出一些真性情。
"I want to find the person who kept the letter, he must know more. And it's so annoying to have such a person hiding in the shadows. "The warden will only reveal some true temperament in front of this brother.
“他把药丸都拿走了？” "He took all the pills?"
“对。” "Yes."
“看来对方很想要这种药丸，那么我们不妨用药丸把对方钓出来。”
"It seems that the other party wants this pill very much, so we might as well use the pill to fish each other out."
监狱长思考后，觉得这也是一个办法，就同意了辛加烈的钓鱼计划。
After thinking about it, the warden felt that this was also a solution, so he agreed to Singarieh's fishing plan.
郑琅一直到天亮才被放归。 Zheng Lang was not released until dawn.
这还是监狱长忌惮他的特别能力才释放了他，否则就他对郑琅的怀疑，绝对会关他至少十天半个月。
This is because the prison director was afraid of his special ability to release him, otherwise his suspicion of Zheng Lang would definitely detain him for at least ten days and half a month.
郑琅赶回家中，就见妻子孩子正在院子里晒洗衣物和床单。
Zheng Lang rushed home and saw his wife and children drying clothes and bed sheets in the yard.
妻子见了他，怯怯地问他有没有吃早饭。 When his wife saw him, she timidly asked him if he had breakfast.
他女儿只是看了他一眼，跟往常一样没说话。 His daughter just looked at him, and didn't say anything as usual.
郑琅盯着女儿仔细看，想要看出女儿有没有变化。 Zheng Lang stared at his daughter carefully, wanting to see if his daughter had changed.
但一切似乎和原来一样，又似乎有点不同。 But everything seems to be the same as before, and it seems a little different.
郑琅也不可能抓着女儿问她是不是换了灵魂，只能先吃早饭，正好被折腾了一夜，他也饿了。
Zheng Lang couldn't grab his daughter and ask her if she had changed her soul, so he could only eat breakfast first, and he happened to be tossed all night, and he was also hungry.
他妻子说她们母女已经吃过了，单独给郑琅盛了饭菜。 His wife said that their mother and daughter had already eaten, and served Zheng Lang a separate meal.
郑琅也习惯了吃独食，拿过面包就撕了泡进汤碗里，就着煮熟的咸鱼干稀里哗啦地吃起来。
Zheng Lang is also used to eating alone, so he tore the bread and soaked it in the soup bowl, and ate the cooked salted fish in a sloppy manner.
可能一夜没睡，吃过早饭没一会儿，他就感到了困倦，跟妻子说不要打扰他，就进入卧室上床睡觉。
He may have not slept all night, and after a short time of breakfast, he felt sleepy, told his wife not to disturb him, and went to bed.
当郑琅感到剧烈痛楚被痛醒时，他看到他漂亮的女儿正在对他微笑，手里正捧着一颗心脏。
When Zheng Lang felt a sharp pain and woke up, he saw his beautiful daughter smiling at him, holding a heart in her hand.
郑琅下意识看向自己的胸膛，就见他的胸膛竟然敞开了一个大洞。
Zheng Lang subconsciously looked at his chest, and saw that his chest was actually open with a big hole.
那是我的心脏…… That's my heart......
这是郑琅最后一个意识。 This is Zheng Lang's last consciousness.
王叶救下小女孩后就没管郑琅的下场，魔阵图这东西可不是随便使用的。
After Wang Ye rescued the little girl, he didn't care about Zheng Lang's fate, the magic array diagram is not used casually.
郑琅为了让魔偶具有活性，能更听他的话，在他女儿身上刻了不少乱七八糟的魔阵图。
In order to make the puppet active and listen to him more, Zheng Lang carved a lot of messy magic array diagrams on his daughter.
但郑琅很可能不知道这些魔阵图的意义，只是依葫芦画瓢。
But Zheng Lang probably didn't know the meaning of these magic array diagrams, and just drew a scoop based on the gourd.
那些魔阵图中有维持女孩生命力的，有和魔偶产生联系、乃至生命共享，还有和魔偶之间产生通感的，另外一个则是加强躯体的坚固度。
Some of those magic arrays maintain the girl's vitality, some have a connection with the puppet, and even life sharing, and some have synaesthesia with the puppet, and the other is to strengthen the solidity of the body.
他毁掉了魔偶身上的魔阵图，但女孩身上的魔阵图他没动。
He destroyed the magic array on the puppet, but he didn't move the magic array on the girl.
他怀疑女孩通过和魔偶之间的通感很可能已经学会怎么制作魔偶，就算不会，这女孩也不再是一个普通女孩。
He suspected that the girl had probably learned how to make a puppet through synaesthesia with the puppet, and even if she didn't, the girl would no longer be an ordinary girl.
雷木曾询问女孩，要不要帮她和她母亲脱离她父亲的控制。
Remu had asked the girl if he would like to help her and her mother out of her father's control.
结果女孩笑着告诉他们：“父亲没有了魔偶就什么也不是，我现在不怕他了。”
As a result, the girl smiled and told them: "Father is nothing without a puppet, and I am not afraid of him now." ”
王叶和雷木听到这句话就走了，女孩虽然在笑，但眼中的恨都要溢出来，郑琅落在这女孩手里绝没有好果子吃。包括那个畏畏缩缩的女孩母亲此时都抬起了头，眼中绽放出异样的神色。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu left when they heard this, although the girl was laughing, the hatred in her eyes was about to overflow, Zheng Lang had no good fruit to eat in the hands of this girl. Including the cowering girl's mother, she raised her head at this time, and a strange look bloomed in her eyes.
也是，这座岛上，怎么可能有真正的弱者？ Also, how can there be a real weak person on this island?
意外之喜是，他救活女孩后，获得了系统给予的一百点经验值奖励。
To his surprise, after saving the girl, he was rewarded with 100 XP points from the system.
王叶和雷木没有立刻进入监狱区，而是休息了一段时间。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu did not enter the prison area immediately, but rested for a while.
他们也正好避开了监狱的大搜查。 They also happened to avoid the prison search.
雷木忍着额头巨疼，实在忍不住，才会按揉额头。 Lei Mu endured the huge pain in his forehead, and he couldn't help it, so he rubbed his forehead.
“木木，你怎么了？”时刻注意雷木的王叶立刻发现雷木的不适。
"Mumu, what's wrong with you?" Wang Ye, who always paid attention to Lei Mu, immediately noticed Lei Mu's discomfort.
雷木原本就有点想要向王叶求治的心思，这会儿封印无效，他也怕王叶看到他真面目会恐惧他，就斟酌着想先给他一点预防：
Lei Mu originally wanted to ask Wang Ye for treatment, but the seal was invalid at this time, and he was afraid that Wang Ye would fear him when he saw his true face, so he thought about giving him a little prevention first:
“小叶子，等会儿我身上会有一些变化，你不要害怕。”
"Xiao Yezi, there will be some changes in my body later, don't be afraid."
“我当然不会害怕。不管你变成什么样，只要你还是你，我都能接受。”王叶打包票。
"Of course I'm not afraid. No matter what you become, as long as you are still you, I can accept it. "Wang Ye packed the ticket.
雷木笑笑，因为疼痛，他的笑容有点扭曲：“小叶子，你听过魔种吗？”
Lei Mu smiled, his smile was a little distorted because of the pain: "Xiao Yezi, have you heard of the Demon Seed?" ”
王叶当然听过。魔种在游戏后期可是让玩家们如雷贯耳。魔种和魔族有关，但魔族相当神秘，只有在高级副本中才能遇到。
Of course Wang Ye has heard of it. The Demon Seed is a thunderous game in the late game. The demon seed is related to the demon race, but the demon race is quite mysterious and can only be encountered in advanced dungeons.
而游戏世界的魔族和地球传统意义上的魔族大为不同，这个种族拥有如海的知识，不管是魔阵图、魔法，还是魔法药剂，包括炼金术，都是起源自魔族。甚至更多人传言，想要学习更高深的魔法，只有找魔族。
And the demons in the game world are very different from the demons in the traditional sense of the earth, this race has the knowledge of the sea, whether it is the magic array, magic, or magic potions, including alchemy, all originated from the demons. It is even rumored that if you want to learn more advanced magic, you can only find demons.
很多玩家的技能和魔法知识就是从与魔族或魔种相关的副本学来。
Many players learn their skills and magical knowledge from dungeons related to demons or demon seeds.
甚至很多玩家都希望自己得到魔种。魔种和寄生虫有类似的地方，也有不同。魔种并不具备意识，只具有改造之力。缺点就是拥有魔种的人很可能会成为魔族的降临之体。
Even many players want to get the magic seed themselves. Demon seeds and parasites have similarities and differences. The demon seed does not have consciousness, only the power of transformation. The disadvantage is that those who possess the demon seed are likely to become the descending body of the demon race.
“你身上有魔种？” "You have a demon seed on you?"
雷木点头，摸摸自己的脸：“我出生时，我的脸就这样。他们说这不是被期待的神赐者，而是应该被烧死的魔鬼的种子。”
Lei Mu nodded and touched his face: "When I was born, my face was like this. They say that this is not the expected God-giver, but the seed of the devil who should be burned. ”
“操！” "!"
“小孩子别说脏话。” "Don't swear, little ones."
王叶孩子气地鼓起嘴巴。 Wang Ye puffed out his mouth childishly.
雷木戳他的脸蛋，心情莫名好了许多：“因为我母亲的‘仁慈’，我没有被烧死。我被送给了家里的魔法师做研究。”
Lei Mu poked his face, and his mood was inexplicably much better: "Because of my mother's 'kindness', I was not burned to death." I was sent to the magician at home for research. ”
王叶一听雷木竟然刚出生就被当做研究体，气急。 Wang Ye was angry when he heard that Lei Mu had just been born and was treated as a research body.
雷木却表情平淡，就跟说别人的事一样：“我三岁时出现了第一次力量觉醒，也有人叫魔种爆发。当时研究我的魔法师死了，据说死得很惨。那时有人想要我死，也有人想要通过我研究出魔种的力量，进而借用这股力量，于是我又被转手，这次接手我的是更多的魔法师，他们组成了一个研究队伍。”
Lei Mu's expression was flat, just like talking about other people's things: "When I was three years old, I had my first power awakening, and some people called the Demon Seed Explosion. The magician who studied me at the time died, and it is said that he died a terrible death. At that time, there were people who wanted me to die, and there were people who wanted to use me to study the power of the demon seed and borrow this power, so I was sold again, and this time it was more magicians who took over me, and they formed a research team. ”
“七岁时，我的魔种二次爆发，我连外表都变了。原本那次我应该必死无疑，但那次我爆发的力量异常强大，竟然惊动了一个路过的强者。那位强者帮助封印了我的魔种爆发之力，让我变成还算正常的样子。那位强者警告我家人，说不可以再继续研究我，否则就是他也无法挽回，一旦惹得魔族降临，我家族的所有人都得死。但那位强者也不允许我家人杀死我，说我还拥有自己的意识，而只要魔族不降临就不会有事。”
"When I was seven years old, my demon seed broke out for the second time, and even my appearance changed. Originally, I should have died that time, but the power of my outburst was so strong that it alarmed a strong man passing by. That strong man helped seal the power of my demon seed explosion, making me a normal appearance. That strong man warned my family, saying that they could not continue to study me, otherwise he would not be able to recover, and once the demons came, everyone in my family would die. But that strong man didn't allow my family to kill me, saying that I still have my own consciousness, and as long as the demons don't come, it's fine. ”
“我家人害怕了，不敢再让人研究我，也不敢违抗那位强者的命令杀死我，他们商量后，就把我送到了家族墓地，让我成了守墓人。”
"My family was scared and didn't dare to let people study me anymore, and they didn't dare to disobey the order of the strong man to kill me, and after they discussed, they sent me to the family cemetery and made me a grave keeper."
雷木对自己的守墓人经历没有多说，也没有提到他为什么会离开墓地出现在这里，只道：“之后我又经历了几次魔种爆发，但那位强者教我学会了怎么运用我天生拥有的异术，也教会我怎么封印自己的魔种之力。可现在，我发现我已经无法封印这股力量了。”
Lei Mu didn't say much about his experience as a grave keeper, nor did he mention why he left the cemetery and appeared here, but said: "After that, I experienced a few more demon seed outbreaks, but that strong man taught me how to use the magic I was born with, and also taught me how to seal the power of my demon seed. But now, I find that I can't seal this power anymore. ”
他明白了！他终于弄明白为什么雷木会失去意识变成一个傀儡。王叶身体颤抖，但他自己一无所觉。
He got it! He finally figured out why Reimu lost consciousness and turned into a puppet. Wang Ye's body trembled, but he didn't realize it himself.
是不是上辈子雷木的魔种之力再次爆发，他无法封印，魔族降临他的身体，他拼命反抗，最后魔族的意识被驱逐，但他自己的意识也因此被摧毁？
Could it be that in the previous life, the power of Lei Mu's demon seed broke out again, he couldn't seal it, the demon descended on his body, he resisted desperately, and finally the consciousness of the demon clan was expelled, but his own consciousness was also destroyed because of this?
王叶本来还有些疑问，比如雷木为什么可以让精灵空间隐身，他是不是具有精灵族血脉，但这时这些问题都不如魔种的问题重要。
Wang Ye originally had some questions, such as why Lei Mu could make the elf space invisible, and whether he had elven blood, but at this time, these issues were not as important as the question of the demon seed.
可他不知道魔种要如何取出来！ But he didn't know how to get the demon seed out!
他知道要如何取出寄生虫和寄生虫卵，也知道要如何杀死它们，但他不知道要如何杀死魔种啊！
He knew how to take out the parasites and their eggs, and he knew how to kill them, but he didn't know how to kill the demon seeds!
而且就算知道，他也不能取出来，更不能杀死魔种。 And even if he knew, he couldn't take it out, let alone kill the demon seed.
雷木出生时，魔种就已经和他彻底融合，可以说魔种就是雷木，雷木就是魔种。
When Lei Mu was born, the demon seed had been completely fused with him, and it can be said that the demon seed was Lei Mu, and Lei Mu was the demon seed.
雷木看王叶身体颤抖，还以为他在害怕，这让他有点黯然，没想到天不怕地不怕的小叶子也会惧怕这样的他。
Lei Mu saw Wang Ye's body trembling, and thought that he was afraid, which made him a little gloomy, but he didn't expect that Xiao Yezi, who was not afraid of heaven and earth, would also be afraid of him like this.
不过魔种啊，天生的魔鬼，谁会不害怕呢。 But the demon seed, the natural devil, who would not be afraid.
王叶停止颤抖，坚定地道：“你不应该拒绝魔种的力量。”
Wang Ye stopped trembling and said firmly, "You shouldn't refuse the power of the demon seed. ”
雷木抬头。 Raimu looked up.
王叶脑子转得飞快，思绪如奔流：“不要怀疑我的话，魔种就是你，你就是魔种，你根本不应该封印它，而是应该接受它、适应它，更彻底掌握它。如果你只是不喜欢自己改变后的外表，我想，当你掌握这股力量，你应该可以改变自己的外表。”
Wang Ye's mind spun fast, and his thoughts flowed: "Don't doubt my words, the demon seed is you, you are the demon seed, you shouldn't seal it at all, but you should accept it, adapt to it, and master it more thoroughly." If you just don't like your changed appearance, I think you should be able to change your appearance when you master this power. ”
当局者迷。雷木还真的没有从这个角度去思考过魔种的问题，他一直都和世间绝大多数人的想法一样，认为魔种就是不应该存在、应该被消灭的可怕东西。
The authorities are obsessed. Lei Mu really hasn't thought about the problem of the demon seed from this angle, he has always thought like most people in the world, that the demon seed is a terrible thing that should not exist and should be destroyed.
他脸上有天生的诡异文字刺青，已经够可怕了。据说他母亲在他出生时，吓得不轻，不停大叫魔鬼来了。
He had a natural tattoo of weird words on his face, which was terrifying enough. It is said that when he was born, his mother was so frightened that she kept screaming that the devil was coming.
当魔种力量爆发时，他的身体真会异变成传说中魔鬼的外形，那模样，连他自己看了都不舒服。
When the power of the demon seed explodes, his body will really change into the appearance of the legendary devil, and that appearance is uncomfortable even for him to look at.
“你不怕我？不觉得我是天生的魔鬼，应该早死早好？”雷木不禁问道。
"You're not afraid of me? Don't you think I'm a natural devil and should die early? Reimu couldn't help but ask.
王叶立即跳起来喊：“我怎么可能怕你，我最喜欢你！你就是我的命！我希望你长命百岁，不对，我希望你寿与天齐，活得越久越好。”
Wang Ye immediately jumped up and shouted: "How can I be afraid of you, I like you the most!" You are my life! I want you to live a long life, no, I want you to live as long as possible. ”
雷木不想笑，但还是忍不住笑喷：“真是谢谢你如此厚爱了。”
Lei Mu didn't want to laugh, but he couldn't help laughing: "Thank you so much." ”
王叶想表现自己很生气，看雷木笑，也忍不住跟着笑起来：“那当然，爸爸最爱你了~”
Wang Ye wanted to show that he was angry, and when he saw Lei Mu laughing, he couldn't help but laugh along: "Of course, Dad loves you the most~"
雷木郁闷难受的心情一扫而空，“如果我接受魔种的能量，外表必定变异，只怕以后我们出门在外，会变得比寄生虫还要让人排斥。而且我一旦接受魔种的力量，我怕……”
Lei Mu's depressed and uncomfortable mood was swept away, "If I accept the energy of the demon seed, my appearance will definitely change, but I am afraid that in the future, when we go out, we will become even more repulsive than parasites." And once I accept the power of the demon seed, I'm afraid ......"
“魔族降临？” "The Demon Clan is coming?"
“对。”这才是雷木最恐惧的一点，他讨厌寄生虫，就因为寄生虫跟魔族一样，侵占他人的身体不算，还要剥夺和吞噬寄生体的意识。
"Yes." This is what Lei Mu fears the most, he hates parasites, just because parasites are the same as demons, not counting the invasion of other people's bodies, but also depriving and devouring the consciousness of parasites.
魔种对于雷木来说，就跟寄生虫卵一样。 To Thunderwood, the Demon Seed is like a parasite egg.
“如果你足够强大呢？” "What if you're strong enough?"
“嗯？” "Huh?"
“一味害怕和排斥没有用。除非你一辈子都封印魔种的力量，但你的魔种应该异常强大，所以你现在已经封印不了。既然无法抗拒，那还不如接受。但接受后，并不代表你就要永远接受这种强迫买卖。魔族降临不是立刻的事，我们可以趁这段时间让你不断变强，只要你的肉体和精神体都强大到魔族降临也对你无可奈何的程度，那你又何必惧怕魔族降临的事？”
"Fear and rejection are useless. Unless you have sealed the power of the demon seed for the rest of your life, but your demon seed should be extremely strong, so you can't seal it now. Since you can't resist, it's better to accept it. But accepting it doesn't mean you're going to accept this kind of forced buying and selling forever. The advent of the demons is not an immediate thing, we can take advantage of this time to make you stronger, as long as your physical and spiritual bodies are strong to the extent that the demons are helpless against you, then why should you be afraid of the advent of the demons? ”
王叶插腰，特别豪气地说：“说不定那时候降临的魔族统统会变成你的养料，来一个，咱们就吸收一个，看以后谁还敢跟你玩降临这一套！”
Wang Ye thrust his waist and said very arrogantly: "Maybe all the demons who come at that time will become your nourishment, come to one, let's absorb one, and see who dares to play this set of advent with you in the future!" ”
雷木给王小叶说的心情激荡。 Lei Mu told Wang Xiaoye that his mood was agitated.
“不过，你接受魔种之力也要小心，至少不要让魔种之力一下爆发出来，免得让魔族感知到。”王叶已经打算把他脑中那个保护精神源的魔阵图也给雷木照搬一套。
"However, you should also be careful when you accept the power of the demon seed, at least don't let the power of the demon seed burst out at once, so as not to let the demon clan perceive it." Wang Ye was already planning to copy the magic array diagram in his mind that protected the spiritual source to Lei Mu.
想到就做，王叶立刻拉住雷木：“木木，你相信我吗？”
As soon as he thought of it, Wang Ye immediately grabbed Lei Mu: "Mu Mu, do you believe me?" ”
雷木：“嗯。” Remu: "Hmm. ”
“那么，对我敞开你的精神之源，不要抗拒我，中间过程可能会比较痛苦，也有一定危险，同时还会让你感到被窥伺般的不舒服，但我希望你能像现在一样相信我，不要排斥我。”王叶说出了自己的目的。
"Then, open your spiritual source to me, don't resist me, the intermediate process may be more painful and dangerous, and at the same time it will make you feel uncomfortable being watched, but I hope you can believe in me as you do now, and don't reject me." Wang Ye stated his purpose.
雷木听王叶说要帮他在精神源外围布置一个魔阵保护罩，降低被魔族感知和降临的危险，当即同意。
Lei Mu heard Wang Ye say that he would help him arrange a demon array protective shield outside the spiritual source to reduce the danger of being perceived and descended by the demons, so he immediately agreed.
哪怕这个过程有一定危险，他也愿意接受。
王叶把寄生虫和监狱区的事全都抛开了，现在谁都没有雷木重要。
在精神海里给精神源布置魔阵图，完全靠王叶的精神力。
Laying out the magic array diagram for the spiritual source in the spiritual sea completely relied on Wang Ye's spiritual power.
这段时间，他不能有丝毫分心。 During this time, he could not be distracted in the slightest.
王叶把小光叫来，允许它们每天吃两块金砖，又让它们绝对不能来打搅。
Wang Ye called Xiaoguang and allowed them to eat two gold bricks a day, and told them that they must not come to disturb them.
王叶还特意找了一个安全区域，他飞到了海边，藏在一个距离海水很高的海边狭小崖洞里。
Wang Ye also deliberately found a safe area, he flew to the seaside, and hid in a narrow cliff cave by the sea that was very high from the sea.
“木木，我要开始了，一开始会有点痛，你要忍住。” "Mumu, I'm going to start, it's going to hurt a little at first, you have to hold back."
“嗯，来吧。” "Well, come on."
第77章 撒坦、魔晶池 Chapter 77: Satan, Magic Crystal Pool
五天后，魔阵刚刚构建完成。 Five days later, the magic circle had just been built.
王叶和雷木忽然同时睁眼，并彼此互看。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu suddenly opened their eyes at the same time and looked at each other.
“你感觉到了？”两人又异口同声问出。 "You feel it?" The two asked in unison.
随后两人一起傻眼。 Then the two were dumbfounded together.
王叶举起手，发誓：“我没想到会有这种效果，你等等，我看看是不是哪里出了问题。”
Wang Ye raised his hand and swore: "I didn't expect this effect, you wait, I'll see if something is wrong." ”
雷木拦住他：“没事，你不是说你的精神源也有一个一模一样的守护魔阵吗？也许是同样的魔阵产生了互相联系的作用？”
Lei Mu stopped him: "It's okay, didn't you say that your spiritual source also has an identical guardian demon array?" Maybe it's the same magic circle that has an interconnected effect? ”
王叶干笑：“相同的魔阵不会有这样的作用。但这个魔阵是个非常复杂的复合魔阵，我确实还没有研究透彻，很多部分我也不知道是什么意思，就是照搬的。”
Wang Ye smiled dryly: "The same magic array will not have such an effect. But this magic circle is a very complex compound magic array, I really haven't studied it thoroughly, and I don't know what many parts mean, so I just copied it. ”
雷木了然：“那可能这样的两个魔阵就是有互相感知的作用，这也是好事。哦，如果你不愿意，那就……”
Lei Mu said: "Then maybe these two magic arrays have the effect of perceiving each other, which is also a good thing." Oh, and if you don't want to, then ......"
“我愿意！木木，你不愿意吗？”王叶可怜兮兮地问。他巴不得和雷木结下精神联系，只是之前不知道该怎么开口。而且精神联系大多都需要非常亲密的契约，不是主仆契约、就是情侣契约。
"I do! Mumu, don't you want to? Wang Ye asked pitifully. He wished he had a spiritual connection with Remu, but he didn't know how to speak before. And most spiritual connections require a very intimate contract, either a master-servant contract or a couple contract.
没想到这个防守精神源的魔阵竟然能有同样的效果，完全就是意外之喜。
I didn't expect this magic array to defend the spiritual source to have the same effect, which was completely unexpected.
虽然这个精神联系只能让他感知到木木的强烈情绪和生命状态，以及身在何方，并无法进行真正的通话联系，但只是这样，也比之前怎么都联系不上、不知道对方身在何处、也不知道对方生死安危的情况好得多。
Although this spiritual connection can only allow him to perceive Mu Mu's strong emotions and life state, as well as where he is, and cannot make real phone contact, but just like this, it is much better than the situation before when he couldn't get in touch, didn't know where the other party was, and didn't know the life and death of the other party.
雷木笑：“有什么不愿意的？不过我只怕你将来的伴侣不乐意。”
Lei Mu smiled: "What's not to like?" But I'm just afraid that your future partner won't be happy. ”
“我不需要伴侣。”王小叶斩钉截铁地说。他上辈子到死都没和任何人在一起过，他发现他很厌恶那种事，可能他对传宗接代的事本能排斥吧。
"I don't need a partner." Wang Xiaoye said categorically. He had never been with anyone in his previous life until he died, and he found that he hated that kind of thing, and perhaps he instinctively rejected the matter of inheritance.
他不愿意把老王的基因传下去。 He was reluctant to pass on Lao Wang's genes.
可能他的想法过去偏颇，但目前还没有谁值得或能让他改变这个想法。
Maybe his ideas were biased in the past, but no one is worthy or able to make him change his mind yet.
雷木只当他是小孩子想法，只笑，压根没往心里去。 Lei Mu only thought that he was a child, only laughed, and didn't take it to heart at all.
王叶见和雷木之间有了精神联系，喜不自胜，特意和雷木分不同距离测试了好几次。
Wang Yejian had a spiritual connection with Lei Mu, and he was overjoyed, so he deliberately tested it several times with Lei Mu at different distances.
从目前的测试结果来看，只要在这座岛中，两人应该都能彼此感知到。哪怕他进入虫巢，雷木不进入，只要他不主动切断和雷木之间的精神联系，那他们仍旧能清楚感知彼此。
Judging from the current test results, as long as they are on this island, the two should be able to sense each other. Even if he enters the hive and Lei Mu does not enter, as long as he does not take the initiative to cut off the spiritual connection between Lei Mu, then they can still clearly perceive each other.
再远的距离只有等以后测试了。 No matter how far away it is, we will have to wait for the test later.
“保护魔阵构建好了，现在你可以尝试一点点释放魔种的能量了。不，我们不应该说是魔种的能量，而应该说，你应该释放你自己的能量了。”王叶站在空旷的种植区，正经八百地说。
"The Protective Array has been built, and now you can try to release the energy of the Demon Seed little by little. No, we should not say that it is the energy of the demon seed, but that you should release your own energy. Wang Ye stood in the empty planting area and said solemnly.
阳光洒下，还有微风吹拂，虫巢空间跟在外面没什么区别。
With the sun shining and the breeze blowing, the hive space is no different from outside.
雷木摸摸自己硬硬的额头，不太放心：“还是不要在你的虫巢空间，去外面吧，我怕会有能量冲击。”
Lei Mu touched his hard forehead, not very reassured: "It's better not to be in your hive space, go outside, I'm afraid there will be an energy impact." ”
“不去外面，就在这里。如果你怕冲毁我的虫巢，那就一点点来，学会控制你的能量。”王叶坚定地道。
"Don't go outside, just here. If you're afraid of washing up my hive, come little by little and learn to control your energy. Wang Ye said firmly.
雷木深吸气，他想出去，但小叶子拧了起来，死活不肯放他离开，他也不敢冲击虫巢，怕魔种就此爆发。
Lei Mu took a deep breath, he wanted to go out, but Xiao Ye twisted up, and refused to let him go, and he didn't dare to impact the insect nest, for fear that the demon seed would explode.
他前两次爆发，都死了人。那些人都死有余辜，但小叶子，他是半点都不想伤到。
The first two times he erupted, people died. Those people are innocent, but Xiao Yezi, he doesn't want to be hurt at all.
“我试试。” "I'll try."
“不是试试，是一定要做到。” "It's not about trying, it's about doing it."
雷木苦笑，小孩子轴起来真可怕。 Lei Mu smiled bitterly, it was terrible for a child to spin up.
雷木再度深吸气，闭上眼睛，凝神感受自己的魔种。 Lei Mu took another deep breath, closed his eyes, and felt his demon seed intently.
魔种是个不实的说法，天生具有魔种的人其实找不到魔种在哪里，孩子出生时，魔种就已和这具身体完全融合。
The demon seed is a false statement, people who are born with the demon seed can't actually find where the demon seed is, and when the child is born, the demon seed has completely merged with this body.
所以小叶子说得也没错，魔种就是他，他就是魔种，他抗拒魔种，其实和抗拒自己也没什么区别。
So Xiao Yezi is right, the demon seed is him, he is the demon seed, and he resists the demon seed, in fact, there is no difference between resisting himself.
我不封印你了，我也不惧怕你了，来吧，我的力量。请温和地一点点覆盖我的身体，不要伤害我想要守护的人，也不要伤害我现在站立的空间……
I will not seal you away, nor will I fear you, come, my power. Please cover my body a little by little, and don't hurt the person I want to protect, and don't hurt the space I'm standing in now......
雷木恍然间似乎听到了自己全身都发出了欢呼。 Suddenly, Reimu seemed to hear cheers all over his body.
那种雀跃和奔涌，就好像被堵塞多年的大江终于被去掉了那拦路的大坝，江水倾斜而下。
The excitement and rush are like a river that has been blocked for many years has finally been removed from the dam that blocks the way, and the river is tilting down.
慢点，再慢点。 Slow down, slow down.
缓和一点，再缓和一点。 Ease a little, ease a little more.
有什么坚硬的东西顶破雷木的额头，就在发际线凹进去的位置，一侧一个，非常匀称。
Something hard broke through Ratsuki's forehead, just where the hairline was concave, one on one side, very well-proportioned.
王叶睁大眼睛，清楚无比地看到他家木木的额头上长出了两个传说中魔鬼的角。
Wang Ye's eyes widened, and he clearly saw two horns of the legendary devil growing out of his family's Mu Mu's forehead.
不过不是黑色的角，竟然是绿色的。
还是往上长的，有点像小鹿刚刚长出的鹿茸小角。
有点可爱啊。王叶眼睛亮晶晶，好想摸啊~
最稀奇的是角的质地不像是角质和骨头，更像是浓绿的翡翠，晶莹剔透，不但非常好看，还一看就像是特别值钱的宝贝。
王小叶忧愁了，看来以后无论如何都得让木木学会怎么控制收敛自己的双角，否则顶着这么一对翡翠角出门，他家木木绝对是人群中最靓的崽，保证走到哪儿闪到哪儿，也一定会招来一堆想要打劫双角的混蛋。
王叶非常想给雷木的角施展一个鉴定术，但雷木的能量释放显然还没有结束，只能忍着。
雷木身体也出现了变化，首先是脸上的刺青文字，这些文字逐渐蔓延到雷木全身，密密麻麻，一片青，连手脚缝隙都布满了。
乍一看，雷木就像是换了一身偏青色的肌肤。
等等！木木的角上怎么还冒出两小片嫩芽？这是角的二次发育，还是变异了？
王叶盯着雷木的翡翠小角和角上的各两小片嫩芽，不由自主想到了精灵族。
也许是精灵族血脉影响了魔种，才让木木的角变成这样？
王叶现在特别想知道雷木到底是从哪里来，他的父母又是谁，家里到底和精灵族有没有关系。
其实从雷木之前告诉他的片段分析，雷家应该是一个大家族，他亲生父母的地位也应该很高。
首先这个家族里有魔法师，还不止一个。
其次这个家族有家族墓地，还有守墓人，这同样不是小家族能有的规模。
但双月星这样的家族何其多？
寻找哪个家族和精灵族有关？这也不容易。精灵族虽然排外，但也并不是完全不和外界交流，有些家族就明言自己有精灵族血脉。
但有些是假的，只是为了给自己贴金。
有的是真的，但血脉已经很稀薄。
还有些家族，就算有人是精灵族血脉，但自己不知道，或者精灵血脉来得不正当，这种根本不敢对外说。这些就很难查证了。
王叶感知到雷木现在能量爆发还算稳定，心情也很平静，很为他高兴。
“就知道你能做到，加油，木木！”
雷木似乎感觉到王叶对他的鼓舞，嘴角微微扯起了一丝笑，能量运转似乎更加从容。
王叶守着雷木不想去干活，连浮游光虫每天会消耗两块金砖都忘了。
直到第二天晚上，雷木再次睁开眼睛。
王叶就坐在雷木脚边刨木头，他正在制作他的二胡。
对他来说制作二胡不算干活，是消遣。
“情况如何？”王叶感知到雷木的好心情，当即抬起头。
“还行，目前只释放了部分能量，不能一次性全部释放，否则很危险。”雷木简单说明后在王叶身边坐下，一腿曲起一腿伸直，好奇地问：“你在制作什么？这就是你说的你的武器？”
“嗯。这是二胡，一种乐器，有两根琴弦，来自蓝星群岛华夏国胡地，故称二胡。”
“你的武器是乐器？你是音攻异术者？你还会乐器？”雷木惊奇。
“会是会，不敢说精通。也就比我的草药学稍微差一点点。”王叶谦虚地道。
雷木却听出小孩满满的得意，“你还真是天才，这么小就会这么多。像你这个年纪能把草药学学到你现在这种程度就已经是奇迹，更何况你还擅长乐器。乐器同样需要天赋，更需要苦练。而你身手也不错，应该学过专门的武技。我有时候都想不通你是怎么在短短几年内学会这么多东西。你才八岁啊。”
王叶大咧咧地道：“我不是跟你说了嘛，我有上辈子的记忆。”
雷木这会儿不觉得王叶在开玩笑了，变得半信半疑。
“行吧，我就当你说的是真的。”王叶就算有上辈子记忆又怎样，他可是魔种，瞧瞧他现在的模样吧。
雷木摸摸自己额头冒出来的角，他还没见过自己的角什么样。
王叶见之，立刻招手弄来一面镜子，屁颠颠地捧到雷木面前。
雷木看到镜子并没有感到稀奇，双月星早就有了玻璃制品和镜子，有钱的人家基本都有几套。
“怎么是绿色的？上面怎么还长嫩芽了？”雷木对这个角的颜色和质地都不太满意，感觉一点威慑感都没有，还过于华丽，不像是角，更像是装饰品。
雷木又看到自己的脸和脖子的变化，原来脖子上并没有那些纹字，现在有了。
“我现在看起来是不是很可笑？”
“怎么可能可笑？你这样子在我们那儿很像是传说中的魔王撒旦，但比他帅气得多！我们蓝星群岛也有魔族传说，不过跟你们这儿不太一样。”
“撒旦？”雷木愣住，他的家族名字就叫撒坦，虽说最后一个字发音不太一样，但也太巧了。
“你听过这个名字？”
雷木犹豫片刻，他连魔种的事都说了，也不在乎这点了：“我在家族里的名字叫撒坦。”
雷木又迅速叮嘱：“这个名字是个忌讳，也代表了麻烦，以后你不要说出去。”
王叶惊愕，不是惊愕雷木的家族名叫撒坦，而是他上辈子听过这个名字。
撒坦这个人他进入游戏时就超有名，有一天突然消失，传说这个人乃是天生的魔鬼，性恶残忍，手段毒辣，杀人如麻，还吃人肉喝人血，总之只要是形容魔鬼的言辞，你都能在这个人身上找到。
这人最有名的一件事，就是他毁灭了整整一个国家！
撒坦之名从此震动天下，也成为所有双月星人的公敌。
也因为撒坦的名字，玩家都认为撒坦算是游戏设立的大boss，玩家组织过几次大型活动，专门追捕撒坦和围杀他。
撒坦也确实厉害，那些玩家从没有得逞，反而被撒坦杀了一次又一次。
但在他进入游戏第三年的时候，撒坦突然就消失了。
很多人都传说他受了重伤，躲起来养伤了。
也有人说他已经死亡，还有人说他回归魔族了。
而他结识师父，在师父那里遇到木木，就是在他进入游戏的第三年中期。
所以他前面的猜测错了吗？木木并没有因为魔种能量爆发被摧毁意识，而是因为其他事情？
还有木木怎么可能杀人如麻？更毁灭了一个国家？
这种事他来做还差不多。
木木这个人明显有他自己的道德底线。
木木到底遇到了什么事，他毁灭一个国家的时候，意识还是他自己吗？还是那时候他已经被魔族降临？
木木又是怎么遇到的师父，他那时为什么没有了自我意识？
王叶心情复杂，一时想得很多很多。
雷木接受到小孩复杂的情绪，完全搞不清楚王小叶那小脑袋里在想什么复杂的东西。
王叶盯着雷木的双角，忍不住道：“木木，我能摸摸你的角吗？”
“可以。”雷木很大方地低下头，让王小叶抚摸他的双角。
看起来冷冰冰的翡翠角摸上去却很温暖，最上面冒出的小嫩芽也嫩嫩的水润润的，感觉轻轻一碰就会折断，弄得王叶都不敢用力碰。
雷木实在感觉不对劲，简直就像是把命门交到别人手上一样。
王叶也很有数，摸了两把过了瘾头，就收回了手——他感觉出雷木的不自在了。哦，他还顺便施展了鉴定术。
百科全书给他的鉴定结果只有一行字：【人类、精灵、魔族的混血之角，幼年期，材质不明，作用不明。】
幼年期？王叶不可置信地盯着已经是青年的雷木看，这时雷木应该有二十了吧？他怎么可能还是幼年期？
或者这个幼年期是按照魔族或者精灵族那边计算的？
那雷木是不是能拥有三种形态？王叶一时脑洞大开，浮想联翩。
“木木，你多大了？”
“十九。”
王叶眨眨眼，他以为雷木会更大一点，没想到才十九岁，也就比他大十一岁。
雷木早熟，而他灵魂年龄大，他们两人做搭档真完美~
雷木神情一动。
“怎么？”
“精灵蛋刚才有反应了。我释放魔种能量的时候，精灵空间对我也输送了一股能量，让我感到安心的能量，我就接受了，这股能量对我确实有好处。后来我就回馈了一部分能量给精灵空间，我的回馈好像让精灵蛋的孵化时间加快了。”雷木此时也感觉到了他和精灵族之间的微妙联系。
精灵空间为什么会凭白送他一股能量？
而精灵蛋又为什么能接受他的能量？虽然他的能量在送入精灵空间时已经被空间过滤过。
雷木觉得王叶见多识广（？），就把自己的疑惑说了。
王叶索性把他的怀疑告诉雷木。
雷木呆：“你说我有精灵血统？”
两人今天都接受了来自对方的信息暴击，也算扯平。
王叶指指自己的眼睛：“我有真实之眼，你现在拥有三种血脉，人族、精灵族，和魔族。魔族的血脉必然是来自魔种。人族血脉应该来自你父母之一。精灵族血脉……那就不知道了。”
雷木皱眉：“我很确定我父母都是人族。”
“纯人族？你见过你父母双方的父母？”
雷木沉默，他没有见过祖辈，他从出生开始就不被人接受，他连自己父母都没见过几回，更不要说家中其他亲人。
后来他名义上的亲人主动来找他了，却是为了……
王叶感知到雷木心情变得压抑，立刻改变话题：“也许你的祖辈有一方是精灵族，或者拥有精灵血脉，等到了你身上，你就返祖了，出现了比较浓的精灵血脉。这种隔几代返祖的情况并不少见。”
雷木豁然道：“反正我已经魔种在身，多一种血脉也不过让我变得更诡异一些而已。”
王叶就喜欢雷木这份洒脱，“对啊，管它是什么血脉，你是你就好。精灵蛋还有多久孵化出来？”
雷木细细感知一番，回答：“约莫还有半个月。”
“那也快了。我们赶紧把囚犯岛的事解决吧！”王叶跳起来。
雷木的情况短时间内无法彻底解决，只能慢慢来。
上辈子的撒坦又为什么传出那样的名声，现在的他也无法得知。
至少他们不用担心立刻就有魔族感知到魔种觉醒并降临到雷木身上。在这之前，他们的任务就是加强自己的实力再加强！
王叶坚信，一切阴谋诡计在绝对的实力面前那就是一个屁！
次日一大早，两人吃饱喝足，王叶把小光和浮游光虫放出来，让它们进入监狱帮他查探消息。
小光表示不知道要怎么查探消息。
王叶知道小光不想暴露寄生虫的秘密，就说：“你们就全部分散开来，不要聚集在一起，能不发光就不要发光，随便飞，飞到哪里稍微停留一段时间。你去跟着监狱长。”
小光一听是跟着监狱长，和寄生虫无关，立刻答应了。
“自由……捕猎？”小光还想提条件。
“自由捕猎的条件我昨晚都跟你说了，监狱中的害虫，你们随便吃。”
“咿！”小光发出愤怒的叫声，带着浮游光虫们飞入监狱区。
到了监狱区上空，所有浮游光虫全部分散，身上的金光也跟着消失，加上它们很小，分散开又不再发光，极少有人能注意到它们。
王叶契约了小光，能通过精神联系看到听到小光看到和听到的一切。
而浮游光虫和小光联系，他也可以通过小光了解到浮游光虫们的动静，不过他无法像小光那样对整个种群都了如指掌，他只能一个个看过去。
“果然戒备起来了。不过比我想象的要松懈。”王叶嘀咕。
王叶不知道因为他搞完事就离开了七天，也让监狱长草木皆兵了七天。
如此的高度紧张和高强度工作时间，三四天后，看守们就吃不消了，再加上一直没有发现异常，后面的巡逻和戒备就越来越松懈。
王叶找了一个偏僻、但囚犯会转到的地方，把他一直保鲜的斯文男的半具尸体拿出来，扔了出去。
他不是想要制造混乱，而是希望监狱的看守和囚犯们能通过斯文男身上诡异的伤口，了解到监狱里出现了可怕的东西。而已经知道寄生虫存在的人则会猜到这是寄生虫干的事情。
王叶为了警告囚犯和看守们，还特地准备了一些小纸张，到处散发，上面写着：觉醒药丸是寄生虫卵，服用药丸的人会被寄生，寄生虫会杀死寄生体的意识，并模仿其！
之前王叶还担心在寄生虫面前提前暴露会导致被围攻，现在他只想快点完成囚犯岛的任务，去解决雷木的问题。
再说雷木现在的实力至少相当于寄生虫族的四级乃至五级，而他又有虫巢护身，他们还怕个鸟！
雷木等王叶散发完小纸条后，就带王叶去找左勤榆。
左勤榆被关在洗衣房后面放杂物的小屋内。
没有人看守他，他已经被详细审问过，战虫消失的事他确实不知情。
但那么多战虫消失不是小事，寄生虫族也需要有人出来顶缸这件事，至少要有人让上面的虫母发泄怒火。
虽然左勤榆不是看守者，但他负责给巨齿鳄送食物和战虫寄生体，勉强算有点连带责任，于是他就被关在这里。
如果找到让战虫消失的真凶，他还有被放出去的机会。如果找不到真凶，他这个连带责任者就要去承受虫母的怒火了。
快要接近洗衣房时，雷木对王叶道：“我之前注意到好些变异者很喜欢往这边跑，有点像是变异者在监狱区的大本营。我不确定左勤榆是不是在这里，但这里是最有可能的地方。”
王叶通过精神联系看到十几只浮游光虫，就驱使它们飞进洗衣房转一转。
浮游光虫遵命飞入洗衣房区，又分散开来。
“发现人，不管活人死人都告诉我。”
没多久就有一只浮游光虫通过精神联系传回消息，它发现了人。
王叶则通过这只浮游光虫的眼睛看到了……一池子的人。
这些人都像是睡着了，就睡在池子中，一个叠一个，人数大约有上百。
通过他们的胸膛起伏可以看出，他们应该都还活着。
王叶再看地点，这里并不像是洗衣房，而是洗衣房的地下。
原来一只浮游光虫瞎逛，钻入了下水道，顺着下水道就飞到了这个有大水池的房间。
其实这水池也不是水池，而是脏污处理池，是下水道的一部分。
“你看到了什么？”雷木注意到王叶的神色变化。
“一群正在变异的被寄生体。”王叶暂时没管这些变异体，只是记下地点，等待以后处理。
现在动这些变异体，很容易让寄生虫们察觉。
雷木问明地点，眼术扫过去，他释放部分能量后，眼术也增强了，首先就是看到的距离和深度加强许多。
“那里能量很丰富。”
“那里有很多被寄生体。”
“不是活物，像是……魔晶的反应。”
“啥？”一听那地下池子里有魔晶，王叶立即改变主意，就算惊动寄生虫也没关系，他要魔晶！
当得到那么多金砖后，他以为他终于变成很壕的富人了，以后金砖都可以扔着玩。
可当他脑抽契约了小光和那群浮游光虫后，他才发现，所谓的财富都是沙土上的城堡。这才养了那群小虫子几天，他的金砖就没了二十四块！
二十四块金砖能换成多少钱？这些钱能买多少食物？
他都不敢去算这笔账，他怕会心肌梗塞死亡。
偏偏浮游光虫们吃了这么多，竟然还不见产虫蜜。也不知道是前面饿太久，还是金砖并不符合它们的口味。
如今听到那池子里可能有魔晶，王叶哪里还能坐得住。
“走走走，我们去看看，那么多变异种的寄生体，肯定是个很重要的所在，必须查探清楚。”养家的男人啊，必须勤快！
第78章 女囚、左勤榆
池子有看守。
是几条变异壁虎。
如果不是寄生虫的精神体现在对于王叶来说就跟夜晚的灯泡一样显眼，这几条隐藏在墙角和缝隙中的壁虎，两人一定会忽略过去。
王叶没有走出虫巢，而是操纵虫巢直接进入池子底部。
雷木看到的能量光芒全都来自池子底部。
等到了底部，王叶伸出手，迅速抓了一枚魔晶。
“这不是矿石魔晶，是海中魔兽死后留下来的能量结晶。”王叶微微变色。
“这么多都是？”雷木目光草草扫过去，至少看到千枚魔晶，虽然都不算很高级，最高可能只有三级，但近千枚三级以下海中魔兽的魔晶也不少了。
"So many?" Lei Mu's gaze swept over hastily, and he saw at least a thousand magic crystals, although they were not very high-level, the highest might only be level three, but there were nearly a thousand magic crystals of the sea demon beasts below level three.
王叶施展了鉴定术，脸色古怪：“这魔晶的主人死了至少有两千多年。”
Wang Ye performed the identification technique, and his face was strange: "The owner of this magic crystal has been dead for at least two thousand years. ”
“这么久？” "So long?"
“嗯，魔晶能量被那些变异体吸收了一些，但还有大部分残留，这说明这块魔晶在没有使用前，保存得很不错。”
"Well, some of the magic crystal energy was absorbed by those mutants, but there is still most of it left, which shows that this magic crystal was well preserved before it was used."
王叶又悄悄拿了几块魔晶，分别做鉴定。 Wang Ye quietly took a few more magic crystals and made them separately for identification.
鉴定结果告诉他：这些魔晶竟然都是魔兽独角海牛留下。
王叶又随机抓取了几块魔晶，鉴定结果同样是独角海牛的魔晶。
而且这些魔晶的年代相隔都非常遥远，最远的一枚竟然是九千年前留下，最近的一枚也有两千年的历史。
Moreover, the ages of these magic crystals are very far apart, the farthest one was left 9,000 years ago, and the most recent one is also 2,000 years old.
王叶怀疑寄生虫族是不是发现了独角海牛的海中墓场，把人家墓地里的魔晶都搬来了。
那我就辛苦点，再给你们搬次家吧。
王叶非常乐于挖寄生虫族的墙角，至于因果？
一开始，他需要特别小心和寄生虫族之间的因果，避免自己陷入被动状态。
但随着调查深入，已经明显可以看出寄生虫族正在主动寄生人类并祸害人类乃至这个世界，而他本身是人类，如此，他就在大因果方面掌握了主动。
现在破坏寄生虫族的任何行动，就是帮助人类、帮助这个世界。
虽然这个世界的大意识也不一定多么喜欢人类，但显然更讨厌寄生虫族，否则不会让他这么轻松就发现战虫培养地和这个培养池。
世界大意识既然站在他这边，因果方面他自然完全不用担心。
【溶洞群探索完成65%。】
嗯？这里也属于溶洞群一部分？
不对。王叶反应过来，他拿了足够多的独角海牛魔晶后，系统才说出这么一句。
换言之，这些魔晶原本是属于溶洞群的一部分。
远古巨兽遗骸，独角海牛墓地，岛屿，溶洞群，能量，寄生虫族……
王叶感觉自己已经逐渐串联起了一条线。
他现在就差两点弄不明白，一个是远古巨兽的死因，这是系统要求他必须调查的任务，还要让远古巨兽的灵魂安息。另外一个就是寄生虫族的来历。
王叶直觉只要弄清楚这两点，整个溶洞群任务链，他就能完成了。
任务先放一边，王叶急着给独角海牛的魔晶们搬家，操纵虫巢在池底跑来跑去。
看守的变异壁虎们发现池底似乎有什么移动，它们好像看到那些正在变异的寄生体正在上下起伏。
起伏的原因自然是王叶在下面抬起它们的身体，好取出压在下面的魔晶。
王叶觉得这样拿取魔晶太累，索性利用虫巢的吞噬特性，把魔晶下面的池底和魔晶一起“吃掉了”。
池子里的变异体们顿时齐齐下沉两寸。
几只变异壁虎跑出来，盯着池子里的变异体看。
它们彼此交谈，询问对方是不是有看见什么。
最后它们决定下去看看。
这一看不得了，池子底层铺着的所有魔晶竟然都消失了！
变异壁虎们焦躁无比，分出两只去向上面汇报，另外几只则尽量往下钻看，试图寻找那些消失的魔晶。
虫巢中，雷木忽然问：“这些变异体还能救回来吗？”
“这要一个个看过去。”正好可以甄别哪些可以做虫巢养料。反正魔晶都取了，这些变异体就这么放过好像也有点可惜。干脆一锅端吧！
王叶当即让虫巢把池子里的变异体全都吸收入虫巢。
那些变异体感觉到虫巢的气息，竟然都没有反抗。
留在池子上方看守变异体的唯一一只壁虎忽然看到满池的变异体全都消失，眼睛都直了。
完了！出大事了。魔晶没了也就算了，但这么多二级母虫变异体都没了，上面必定暴怒，它们这些看守全都要完。
王叶对这些吸收进来的变异体一一检查。
“他们都被母虫寄生了，没有机会了。咦，等等，这个家伙竟然还有自己的意识，挺顽强的。”
王叶从一百多具变异体中单单拎出一具。
那竟然是一名女囚。
身上还穿着囚衣，年纪大约三十岁出头，也许更年轻一些，五官原本应该很不错，不过脸上被人划了一个大叉。
王叶正要仔细检查这名女囚的精神源，其他变异体有几具睁开了眼睛，它们似乎察觉到不对，想要搞事。
王叶手一挥，让虫巢把这些变异体全都禁锢并吸收。
虫巢传来了隐约的喜悦情绪，上百只二级母虫的变异体，它又可以好好进补一次了。
检查完女囚的精神源，王叶真心赞叹：“这女人的意志力是我见过的所有人类中最顽强的，她至少被寄生有快一个月了，竟然还能保证自己的意识完整，她的精神源没有任何东西保护，但她硬是抵抗住了寄生虫母虫的意识侵袭。她还自我觉醒了精神异能，太厉害了！”
王叶就看到这名女囚的精神源变成了海胆一样，表面有很多刺，让寄生虫母虫的意识几乎无处下口，只能在外围一点点啃咬那些刺。
偏偏女囚的精神力也没有一味被欺压，她也在反抗，竟然反过来还偷袭寄生虫母虫的意识，逮到就狠狠咬两口，再退回去。
这样下去，就算王叶不来，说不定这女囚的精神力也能逐渐强大到反过来消灭和吸收寄生虫母虫精神体的程度。
不过如果王叶不来，就算这名女囚成功了，等最后这群变异体被检查时，她的精神力不属于寄生虫这点肯定会被检查出来。那最后这名女囚的下场，九成九也逃不过一个死字。
所以这个女囚还是很幸运的，她抵抗住了寄生虫母虫的精神侵袭，更等来了王叶。
王叶想到了否极泰来这个词。
这个女人一看她的外表，和她现在的遭遇，就知道她前面肯定倒霉极了。
王叶打开因果卷，他在救下这个女囚后就和对方结下了因果。
看过因果卷上显示的女囚姓名来历，以及她坐牢的原因。
“祝贺你，你开始转运了。”王叶精神力没入女囚的精神海，气势汹汹地向寄生虫母虫的精神体扑去。
【玩家隔壁小王救助女囚扈思懿，奖励经验值100点。】
王叶在因果卷上看到女囚的名字，就想这女囚的父母肯定太喜欢这个女儿，或过于痛恨这个女儿，才会给她取这么一个笔画复杂的名字，想这女囚小时候一定很痛恨写自己的名字。
不过从这个名字也可以看出，这女囚的父母必然是有一定身份地位的人，至少他们识字。
除了这100点，因为他杀死了122只二级寄生虫母虫和正在变异中的二级变异体，又总共获得6100点经验值。
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到32576点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到八级。】
这一波太赚了！
不但获得近千枚低级魔晶……虽然被吸收了部分能量，但剩下的也还算可观，加上那百多个二级母虫和二级变异体，足够给虫巢再升级一次。
他还相当于提前帮这个世界消灭了一部分威胁。否则一百多只二级母虫变异体，再被魔晶滋养，等出来后保证最低都是三级。这么多母虫变异体能生出多少虫卵，寄生多少人？
更不要说他还得到了经验值奖励，又升了一级。 Not to mention that he also received an XP bonus and went up another level.
不错不错，契约浮游光虫还是有好处的，否则他和雷木说不定会错过这个地下水池。雷木拥有眼术，但也不是随便什么时候都打开，也不会没事往地下深处看。
Yes, yes, there are still benefits to the planktonic light worm, otherwise he and Raimu might miss this underground pool. Remu has eye skills, but he doesn't open them all the time, and he doesn't look deep underground.
王叶救治了女囚，却不想和对方面对面，更不想和对方交谈。他直觉这个女囚是个麻烦，而他现在完全不想再多几个任务。
Wang Ye treated the female prisoner, but he didn't want to face the other party, let alone talk to the other party. He had a gut feeling that the female prisoner was a nuisance, and he didn't want to do a few more tasks at all.
王叶把女囚单独塞到了一个小房间中，封闭死，不让她出来。打算等离开监狱区后，就随便找个地方把女囚丢出去。
Wang Ye stuffed the female prisoner into a small room alone, sealed it to death, and did not let her come out. I plan to wait until I leave the prison area, and then find a random place to throw the female prisoner out.
雷木对王叶的行为表示支持，小叶子能从寄生虫的嘴巴下面救下这名女囚就不错了，其他闲事就不用多管了。当然，如果任务酬劳足够吸引人，那也不是不可以谈。
Lei Mu expressed his support for Wang Ye's behavior, it would be good for Xiao Yezi to save the female prisoner from under the parasite's mouth, and there was no need to worry about other idle matters. Of course, if the reward for the assignment is attractive enough, it is not impossible to talk about it.
水池上方，变异壁虎领了三个变异人过来。 Above the pool, the mutant gecko led three mutants over.
那三个人身上还穿着囚犯的衣服，瘦瘦弱弱看起来很不起眼。
The three men were still wearing prisoners' clothes, thin and weak, looking inconspicuous.
最开始被觉醒药丸吸引的基本都是监狱最底层，这些人大多要么身形瘦小、要么苍老衰弱，要么就是过于漂亮或有其他让囚犯找麻烦的点。
At first, the people who were attracted to the awakening pill were basically at the bottom of the prison, and most of these people were either thin and small, old and weak, or too beautiful or had other points that made the prisoners find trouble.
但三名身形瘦弱的囚犯此时的神情可一点都不胆小萎缩，相反还十分狠厉。
But the expressions of the three emaciated prisoners at this time were not timid and shrunken at all, on the contrary, they were very ruthless.
一只变异壁虎被踢得砸在墙上，腰骨都断了。 A mutant gecko was kicked and smashed into the wall, and its waist bones were broken.
另两只变异壁虎战战兢兢，都不敢靠近两变异人。 The other two mutant geckos trembled and did not dare to approach the two mutants.
“怎么回事？到底是谁在跟我们作对？” "What's going on? Who's against us? ”
“不知道。监狱里刚发现很多小纸条，上面写了……我们的事。正在孵化的战虫变异体也全都消失，如今连二级母虫变异体都不见了，能做到这些的，绝不止一个人，而且对方势力和能量都很大。”
"I don't know. A lot of small notes were just found in the prison with ...... written on them Our business. The insect mutants that are hatching have all disappeared, and now even the second-level female worm mutants are gone, and there is definitely more than one person who can do this, and the other party's power and energy are very large. ”
“最可怕的是对方到现在还没有暴露行踪。” "The most terrifying thing is that the other party has not revealed his whereabouts until now."
“让那些看守去找，还有监狱长，让上面给他们施压！”
"Let those guards go and find them, and the warden, and let the higher authorities put pressure on them!"
“会不会是外面来的那群人，他们从上次那批药丸发现了不对劲的地方，这次故意假借买药丸的名义，实际是在调查我们。而且他们只是表面用来吸引我们注意力的，可能暗中已经有其他人潜伏进岛屿。”
"Could it be the group of people who came from outside, they found something wrong from the last batch of pills, this time they deliberately pretended to buy pills, but they were actually investigating us. And they're only superficially used to get our attention, and there may be someone else sneaking into the island. ”
“很有可能。怎么办？” "Quite possibly. What to do? ”
“报给上面吧，包括我们的分析。” "Report it to the top, including our analysis."
“你去？” "You're going?"
三个变异人打了个寒颤，它们对低级变异体如狼似虎，上面对它们同样如此。
The three mutants shuddered, they were wolves to the low-level mutants, and the same was true to them above.
三人推诿了半晌，最后一起去报信了，要倒霉就一起倒霉，谁也别想逃掉。
The three of them prevaricated for a long time, and finally went to report the news together, if they were unlucky, they would be unlucky together, and no one would want to escape.
王叶很想跟着这三人去看看它们上面的人是谁，但恰在此时，又有其他浮游光虫告诉他，遇到了人。
Wang Ye really wanted to follow the three of them to see who the people above them were, but at this moment, other planktonic light insects told him that they had met someone.
王叶就让浮游光虫跟着这三个人，但被浮游光虫拒绝。它们能说出变异体的位置就算很对得起契约主了，跟踪变异体、查询寄生虫们的秘密，还是算了吧。
Wang Ye asked the plankton light insect to follow the three people, but the plankton light insect refused. They can tell the location of the mutants, even if they are very worthy of the contractor, but it is better to track the mutants and inquire about the secrets of the parasites.
王叶翻了个白眼，索性放弃这条线，利用精神联系查看浮游光虫说找到人的地方。
Wang Ye rolled his eyes, simply gave up this line, and used the spiritual connection to check the place where the plankton light insect said it had found people.
通过浮游光虫，他看到了左勤榆。 Through the planktonic light worm, he saw Zuo Qinyu.
“找到目标了，我们过去。”王叶操纵虫巢，飞向洗衣房后面的杂物房。
"We've found our goal, let's go." Wang Ye manipulated the insect nest and flew to the utility room behind the laundry room.
虫巢飞行速度不快，但王叶谨慎起见，并没有从虫巢里出来。
The hive did not fly fast, but Wang Ye was cautious and did not come out of the hive.
等飞入杂物房，王叶驱使虫巢围着左勤榆转了一圈。 When he flew into the utility room, Wang Ye drove the insect nest around Zuo Qinyu.
左勤榆一无所觉，就呆呆地靠坐在墙上。
王叶通过虫巢，能感觉到左勤榆确实已经被寄生，但他无法确定属于左勤榆的精神力是否已经完全消失。
“木木，帮我弄晕他。”
“好。”
左勤榆刚感到危险，还没来得及反应，脑子就一沉，昏了过去。
雷木站在左勤榆身后。
王叶出现在左勤榆身前，手指按住他的额头。
片刻后，王叶脸上露出惊奇的神色：“这个左勤榆也不简单啊。”
今天可真巧，竟然碰到两个被寄生虫长时间寄生，还能保持自己精神源基本完好的。
Today, it was a coincidence that I met two people who had been parasitized by parasites for a long time, and they could still keep their spiritual sources basically intact.
“怎么？他的意识也还存在？”雷木却不觉得这个几率很高，他们之前遇到三百多个战虫变异体，和刚才一百二十多个二级母虫变异体，加上左勤榆，才只有两个人的意识坚持到现在。
"What? Does his consciousness still exist? Lei Mu didn't think that this probability was very high, they had encountered more than three hundred war insect mutants before, and more than one hundred and twenty second-level female insect mutants just now, plus Zuo Qinyu, only two people's consciousness had persisted until now.
“在。”王叶肯定道：“他的精神源外层有一层网，不是魔阵图，像是后天形成的屏障……他应该吃过某种可以保护精神体的魔法药剂，比如固魂药剂、守魂药剂之类。”
"Yes." Wang Ye affirmed: "There is a layer of net on the outer layer of his spiritual source, which is not a magic array diagram, it is like a barrier formed after tomorrow...... He should have taken some kind of magic potion that could protect the spirit body, such as soul fixing potion, soul guarding potion, etc. ”
“这么说，他人还能救回来？”雷木为这对兄弟高兴。 "So, can someone else save it?" Remu was happy for the brothers.
“也是他的运气，寄生他的寄生虫等级不高，只有一级，还是雄虫。如果是母虫，二级以上，这种药剂就没什么效果了。”王叶受到了一点启发，觉得这种药剂也是一条路，可以多做尝试。普通药剂不行，但品质更高、效果更好的呢？
"It's also his luck, the parasite that parasitizes him is not of high level, only level 1, and it is still a male worm. If it is a female worm, above the second level, this agent will have no effect. Wang Ye was a little inspired, and felt that this potion was also a way, and he could try more. Ordinary potions are not good, but what about higher quality and better effect?
王叶摸摸下巴：“我说呢之前怎么总感到有点不对劲，按理左勤榆被寄生，应该被寄生虫们信任才对，却又是被抓、又是被审问，原来他还没有被完全寄生。”
Wang Ye touched his chin: "Why did I always feel a little wrong before, it stands to reason that Zuo Qinyu was parasitized, and he should be trusted by the parasites, but he was arrested and interrogated, it turned out that he was not completely parasitized." ”
“那他提供那些被寄生体也是出自他自己的意识？”雷木问。
"And the parasites he offers are also from his own consciousness?" Raimu asked.
王叶摇头：“他的精神体已经完全缩回精神源。控制他身体说话做事的都是寄生虫。”
Wang Ye shook his head: "His spiritual body has completely retracted into the spiritual source. The people who control his body, talk and do things are parasites. ”
“那为什么左勤桑没事？” "Then why is Zuo Qinsang okay?"
“也只是现在没事而已。”王叶有个猜测：“左勤榆这种情况对于寄生虫来说肯定很稀罕，这跟刚才那女囚的情况还不一样，因为女囚的情况不能复制，但左勤榆的可以。他们没有杀死左勤榆，还继续使用他的身体，说不定就是想看看寄生虫能不能攻破他的那道后天精神屏障。留着左勤桑，可能也是以为左勤桑有和左勤榆类似的情况，为了节省一只寄生虫，就没寄生他。”
"It's just okay now." Wang Ye had a guess: "Zuo Qinyu's situation must be very rare for parasites, this is not the same as the situation of the female prisoner just now, because the situation of the female prisoner cannot be replicated, but Zuo Qinyu's can." They didn't kill Zuo Qinyu, and continued to use his body, maybe they just wanted to see if the parasite could break through his acquired spiritual barrier. kept Zuo Qinsang, probably thinking that Zuo Qinsang had a similar situation to Zuo Qinyu, in order to save a parasite, he didn't parasitize him. ”
雷木也觉得这个推测很接近真相。 Reimu also felt that this speculation was very close to the truth.
既然左勤榆意识还存在，接下来的事情就简单了。 Now that Zuo Qinyu's consciousness still exists, the next thing is simple.
消灭寄生虫的精神体，唤醒左勤榆的意识，再带他离开杂物房。
Destroy the parasite's spiritual body, awaken Zuo Qinyu's consciousness, and then take him out of the utility room.
左勤桑还住在那个泥坯房中，伪装着驼背小老头。 Zuo Qinsang still lives in that mud house, disguised as a hunchbacked little old man.
这七天他简直度日如年，尤其他听说看守郑琅家里发生了火宅，郑琅女儿刚好不在家，郑琅妻子从屋里爬了出来，被村人发现救了出来。
In the past seven days, he has lived like a year, especially when he heard that there was a fire in the house of Zheng Lang, Zheng Lang's daughter happened to be not at home, Zheng Lang's wife crawled out of the house and was found and rescued by the villagers.
询问郑琅妻子，才知道郑琅不知为什么特别烦躁郁闷，在家喝了很多浊酒，睡着后忘记吹灭烛火，等火灾发生，郑琅睡得死沉，郑琅妻子被烟呛醒，拖不动丈夫，不得已自己爬了出来。
asked Zheng Lang's wife, only to know that Zheng Lang was particularly irritable and depressed for some reason, drank a lot of turbid wine at home, forgot to blow out the candle flame after falling asleep, and when the fire broke out, Zheng Lang slept deeply, Zheng Lang's wife was woken up by the smoke, and she couldn't drag her husband, so she had to climb out by herself.
人们对此唏嘘不已，看守们也来看过情况。 People lamented this, and the guards came to see the situation.
虽然看守们盘问了郑琅妻女很久，但最后也没对郑琅妻女做什么，只把郑琅剩下的大半截焦尸带走了。
Although the guards interrogated Zheng Lang's wife and daughter for a long time, they did nothing to Zheng Lang's wife and daughter in the end, and only took away most of Zheng Lang's remaining scorched corpses.
监狱长因为郑琅的死，更加怀疑郑琅，还认定郑琅背后有人。并认为郑琅会死，要么因为他贪得无厌，要么就是他知道了某些更重要的秘密，背后的人不想泄密才弄死他。
Because of Zheng Lang's death, the prison director was even more suspicious of Zheng Lang, and also believed that there was someone behind Zheng Lang. and thinks that Zheng Lang will die, either because he is insatiable, or because he knows some more important secrets, and the people behind him don't want to leak the secrets to kill him.
监狱长压根就没有怀疑过郑琅妻女。因为以郑琅为人，根本不可能让她们知道任何重要事情。而且郑琅就连作为看守的酬劳和为他做事得到的奖金，都藏在他的看守宿舍里，一个铜币都没有拿给那对母女。
The prison warden never suspected Zheng Lang's wife and daughter at all. Because with Zheng Lang as a person, it is impossible for them to know anything important. Moreover, Zheng Lang even hid the remuneration as a guard and the bonus he received for doing things for him in his guard's dormitory, and not a single copper coin was given to the mother and daughter.
监狱长知道手下去郑琅宿舍搜查时，瓜分了他一部分存款，但他睁只眼闭只眼就当不知道。要想马儿跑，怎么可能不给他们吃草？
The prison warden knew that when his men went to Zheng Lang's dormitory to search, he divided up some of his savings, but he turned a blind eye and didn't know. If you want the horses to run, how can you not give them grass?
可惜除了那些藏起来的钱财，看守们再也没有找到其他更重要的东西。
Unfortunately, apart from the hidden money, the guards never found anything more important.
监狱长想到那对母女不容易，小女孩又长得漂亮，以后在感恩村还不知道要怎么生活，反正他缺什么都不会缺金钱——哪怕那批金砖没了，他还有一个金矿。
It was not easy for the warden to think of the mother and daughter, and the little girl was beautiful, and she didn't know how to live in Thanksgiving Village in the future, anyway, he would not lack money if he lacked anything - even if the gold bricks were gone, he still had a gold mine.
他就把郑琅的钱财分出了一部分，让人送给了那对母女，供她们重建房屋。
He divided part of Zheng Lang's money and gave it to the mother and daughter for them to rebuild the house.
再说左勤桑，他因为跟雷木和王叶提过郑琅，结果郑琅第二天就被烧死，怎么可能不怀疑郑琅的死与两人有关？
Let's talk about Zuo Qinsang, because he mentioned Zheng Lang to Lei Mu and Wang Ye, Zheng Lang was burned to death the next day, how could he not suspect that Zheng Lang's death was related to the two of them?
他不明白那两人为什么非要烧死郑琅，也不知道弟弟情况现在到底如何，他只能从双胞胎的感知中，感觉弟弟应该还活着。
He didn't understand why the two had to burn Zheng Lang to death, and he didn't know what the situation of his younger brother was now, he could only feel that his younger brother should still be alive from the perception of the twins.
熬了七天，左勤桑终于看到了弟弟，还活着的、意识清醒的弟弟。
After seven days, Zuo Qinsang finally saw his younger brother, who was still alive and conscious.
左勤榆看到兄长，激动地上前一把抱住的左勤桑。 Zuo Qinyu saw his brother and excitedly stepped forward to hug Zuo Qinsang.
兄弟俩情绪激荡了好一会儿。 The brothers were emotionally stirred for a while.
“哥，你不知道我前面多担心，我就看着你和寄生虫聊天，把它当成我。你怎么就分辨不出来呢，那根本不是我。”左勤榆一肚子怨念。
"Brother, you don't know how worried I was in front of me, I just watched you talk to the parasite and took it for me. Why can't you tell the difference, that's not me at all. Zuo Qinyu was full of resentment.
左勤桑目瞪口呆：“你说什么？什么寄生虫？我什么时候跟寄生虫说话了？”
Zuo Qinsang was dumbfounded: "What did you say?" What parasite? When did I talk to the parasite? ”
左勤榆性子比较冲动，当即就把他知道的事情如此这般一说。
Zuo Qinyu was more impulsive, and immediately said what he knew.
左勤桑跟听乡野鬼魅传说一样，完全不可置信。他们是来找金矿的，怎么会牵扯出寄生虫族？
Zuo Qinsang is as unbelievable as listening to the legends of ghosts and ghosts in the countryside. They are here to find a gold mine, how can they involve the parasite?
原来那药丸竟然是寄生虫卵，人们吃下药丸，并不是觉醒了天赋，而是因为寄生虫导致的变异。
It turned out that the pill turned out to be a parasite egg, and when people ate the pill, it was not because of the awakening of talent, but because of the mutation caused by the parasite.
“你们现在怎么说？是离开？还是继续留下？”王叶问。
"What do you say now? Is it leaving? Or do you want to stay? Wang Ye asked.
雷木没出现，他的新形象比较惊人，也不好解释。 Remu didn't appear, and his new image was quite amazing, and it was not easy to explain.
两兄弟互看，异口同声说：“离开！” The two brothers looked at each other and said in unison, "Leave!" ”
第79章 药丸源头 Chapter 79: The Source of the Pill
王叶：“那行，我会安排你们尽快离开囚犯岛。现在海草岛的集市还没结束，你们到了隔壁海沟岛，可以跟海沟岛的船去海草岛找左援。到了海草岛后，不想死就尽量不要声张，悄悄离开。”
Wang Ye: "Okay, I'll arrange for you to leave Prisoner Island as soon as possible." The market on Seagrass Island is not over yet, and when you get to Trench Island next door, you can go to Seagrass Island with the boat from Trench Island to find help. After arriving at Seagrass Island, if you don't want to die, try not to make a noise and leave quietly. ”
“放心，我们保证什么都不说。”两兄弟好不容易活下来，现在只想保命。虽说金矿详细地点还没有查到，但就凭他们了解到的，以及收集到的些许证据，也足够应付上面。
"Rest assured, we promise not to say anything." The two brothers managed to survive, and now they just want to save their lives. Although the exact location of the gold mine has not yet been found, what they know and the little evidence they have gathered are enough to deal with it.
“最后问你们几个问题。”王叶眼睛看的是左勤榆。 "A few last questions." Wang Ye's eyes were looking at Zuo Qinyu.
左勤榆镇静地道：“你问。” Zuo Qinyu said calmly: "You ask." ”
“你是不是服用过固魂类魔法药剂？” "Have you ever taken a soul-fixing magic potion?"
左勤榆迟疑了一下，点头：“是。我曾经帮助过一位落难的魔法药剂师，我一开始不知道他是什么人，他好了后，送了我一瓶药剂，说是可以保护我的灵魂，我当场就喝了。”
Zuo Qinyu hesitated for a moment and nodded: "Yes." I once helped a magic apothecary in distress, I didn't know who he was at first, but when he got better, he gave me a bottle of potion, saying it would protect my soul, and I drank it on the spot. ”
“你运气不错，如果不是那瓶药剂，你根本坚持不到我来救你。”
"You're lucky, if it weren't for that bottle of potion, you wouldn't have been able to hold out to me to save you."
兄弟俩也都极为庆幸，这也算好心有好报了。 The brothers were also extremely happy, and this was a good retribution.
“你见过虫母或者王虫吗？” "Have you ever seen a mother worm or a king worm?"
左勤榆摇头：“没有。” Zuo Qinyu shook his head: "No." ”
“除了那个蜂巢洞壁，你还去过什么地方？” "Where else have you been besides that hive cave wall?"
左勤榆回忆：“没有，寄生虫们发现我的意识还存在后，寄生我的那只寄生虫就极少去其他地方。”
Zuo Qinyu recalled: "No, after the parasites found out that my consciousness still existed, the parasite that parasitized me rarely went to other places. ”
王叶：“那你知道最初拿出药丸的人是谁吗？” Wang Ye: "Then do you know who the person who took out the pill in the first place?" ”
左勤榆摇头：“制作药丸的，和培育战虫变异体的是两个体系的虫子，寄生虫族内部分工十分明确，大家都各司其职，极少会有重叠部分出现。”
Zuo Qinyu shook his head: "The ones who make pills and the worms who cultivate the mutants of the war insects are the bugs of the two systems, and the division of labor within the parasitic insect clan is very clear, everyone has their own duties, and there will be very few overlapping parts." ”
说完，左勤榆讪笑：“抱歉，我好像没帮上什么忙。” After speaking, Zuo Qinyu smiled: "I'm sorry, I don't seem to be helping much." ”
王叶摆摆手，表示没什么：“我现在把你们传送入一个地方，里面有吃的喝的，有睡觉的地方，也有方便的地方。你们先住在里面，不要出门，不要探索，就算你们想出门也出不去。等到了地方，我就会放你们出来。”
Wang Ye waved his hand, indicating nothing: "I will teleport you into a place now, where there is food and drink, a place to sleep, and a convenient place." You live in it first, don't go out, don't explore, even if you want to, you can't get out. When you get to the place, I'll let you out. ”
王叶打算把两人收入虫巢。 Wang Ye planned to put the two of them into the hive.
虫巢可以隔离出一个宛如牢房一样的单独房间，看不到外面，也出不去，且受到他的绝对控制，是关人也是保护人的绝佳所在。
The hive can isolate a separate room like a prison cell, unable to see the outside or get out, and is under his absolute control, which is an excellent place to keep people in prison and protect people.
两兄弟没什么不能答应的，王叶和雷木既然冒这么大危险把他们救出来，也不可能在最后对他们两人的小命下手。
There was nothing that the two brothers couldn't agree to, and since Wang Ye and Lei Mu took such a big risk to rescue them, it was impossible for them to take their lives in the end.
王叶装模作样在地上画了一个魔阵图，让两兄弟站进去。
Wang Ye pretended to draw a magic array diagram on the ground and let the two brothers stand in it.
进入虫巢之前，左勤榆忽然道：“我曾经去过一个地方，不，是那只寄生虫曾经去过，我看到了。”
Before entering the hive, Zuo Qinyu suddenly said: "I have been to a place before, no, it is the parasite that has been there, I have seen it." ”
“什么地方？”王叶不在意地问。 "Where?" Wang Ye asked nonchalantly.
“就在寄生虫们培养战虫寄生体的那个蜂巢洞壁前有一条深沟，进入深沟，深沟里有深潭，再进入深潭，一直往潭底游，会看到一座奇怪的圆锥形房屋。”
"There is a deep ditch in front of the wall of the hive cave where the parasites of war insects are cultivated, and when you enter the deep ditch, there is a deep pool in the deep ditch, and then you enter the deep pool, and swim all the way to the bottom of the pool, and you will see a strange conical house."
这不就是他看到的那座房子吗？王叶的注意力被吸引了：“继续说。”
Isn't that the house he saw? Wang Ye's attention was attracted: "Go on." ”
左勤榆道：“但寄生我的寄生虫并没有进入房子，它只是在外围游了一圈又一圈，它似乎对那栋房子很好奇也很渴望，可又不敢进入。我不知道那栋房子里有什么，但它能吸引寄生虫族，又让它们忌惮，肯定有什么特殊的地方吧？”
Zuo Qinyu said: "But the parasite that parasitized me did not enter the house, it just swam around the periphery, it seemed to be very curious and eager for the house, but it did not dare to enter." I don't know what's in that house, but it attracts parasites and makes them fearful, so there must be something special, right? ”
王叶哼了一声，他对那房子感观不怎么样，鬼鬼祟祟的。有时间再过去探索吧，先放着。
Wang Ye snorted, he didn't have a good impression of the house, it was sneaky. If you have time, let's go and explore, just let it go.
王叶收起双胞胎兄弟后，就在外面随便找了一个还算隐蔽的地方，把女囚放了出来。
After Wang Ye put away his twin brothers, he casually found a fairly hidden place outside and released the female prisoner.
从始至终，王叶都没有露出身形。 From beginning to end, Wang Ye did not show his figure.
女囚被放出后，看看四周，舔了舔嘴唇，低低说了声：“谢谢。”
After the female prisoner was released, she looked around, licked her lips, and said in a low voice, "Thank you." ”
她有感觉的，她知道自己身体出了问题，也知道自己的灵魂被攻击从而变异的事。
She felt it, she knew that something was wrong with her body, and she knew that her soul was attacked and mutated.
同样，她也知道有人帮助她、救了她，如今还把她从监狱区带了出来。
In the same way, she knew that someone had helped her, saved her, and now brought her out of the prison area.
她没有看到恩人，没关系，她的灵魂记住了恩人的灵魂波动，以后只要见面，不管恩人长什么样，她都能认出来。
She didn't see the benefactor, it didn't matter, her soul remembered the benefactor's soul fluctuations, and as long as she met in the future, no matter what the benefactor looked like, she would be able to recognize it.
可能觉得这样表达感谢还不够，女囚跪到地上，冲着东南西北四个方向各磕了一个头。
Perhaps feeling that this expression of gratitude was not enough, the female prisoner knelt on the ground and kowtowed in each direction.
啪嗒。一个袋子落在女囚身边。 Smack. A bag fell next to the female prisoner.
女囚眼中闪过惊喜，一把抓过袋子打开。 Surprise flashed in the female prisoner's eyes, and she grabbed the bag and opened it.
袋子里面有咸鱼干、木制的水杯、两块打火石、一包面粉、一小包盐、一个粗面包，一个不带盖金属盒，还有一把锋利的刀片。
The bag contained dried salted fish, a wooden water cup, two flintstones, a packet of flour, a small packet of salt, a coarse bread, a metal box without a lid, and a sharp blade.
除了金属饭盒和刀片，东西都来自左勤桑家里。 Except for the metal lunch box and blades, everything came from Zuo Qinsang's house.
不锈钢饭盒王叶买了一套六个，可以野炊用，小厂子生产的，盒身上什么标记都没有。刀片是他买的美工刀配件，一盒十片。
Stainless steel lunch box Wang Ye bought a set of six, which can be used for picnics, produced by a small factory, and there is no mark on the box. The blade is the utility knife accessory he buys, a box of ten pieces.
女囚看到刀片最为欢喜，试了后发现十分锋利，更是高兴，立刻撕下衣服一角缠住刀片一端。
The female prisoner was the happiest to see the blade, and after trying it, she found that it was very sharp, and she was even more happy, and immediately tore off the corner of her clothes and wrapped it around one end of the blade.
缠好刀片，女囚把其他东西都收到袋子中，背到身上，右手拿着刀片，再次低声道谢，并说：“以后如见，必有报答！”
After wrapping the blade, the female prisoner received everything else into the bag, carried it to her body, held the blade in her right hand, thanked her again in a low voice, and said: "If you see it in the future, you will be rewarded!" ”
王叶不稀罕对方的报答，他只是从女囚想到了姑姑，觉得女人有这么顽强的意志力和强大的精神力很不容易，能帮就帮一把了。
Wang Ye is not uncommon with the other party's repayment, he just thought of his aunt from the female prisoner, and felt that it was not easy for a woman to have such tenacious willpower and strong mental power, so he could help it.
想了想，他问了一句：“你要离开这座岛吗？” After thinking about it, he asked, "Are you leaving this island?" ”
女囚没想到会听到恩人的声音，就是这声音好……稚嫩，像是孩童的嗓音？
The female prisoner didn't expect to hear the voice of her benefactor, and this is the sound that is good...... Immature, like a child's voice?
女囚脸上没有露出丝毫异样，考虑片刻，毕恭毕敬地回复：“暂时不，我还有点事要做。”
The female prisoner's face did not show the slightest abnormality, and after thinking for a moment, she replied respectfully: "Not for the time being, I still have something to do." ”
王叶没问她有什么事，直接就走了。 Wang Ye didn't ask her what was wrong, and left directly.
女囚跟空气说了两句话，见没人回应，猜测恩人应该是离开了。
The female prisoner said a few words to the air, and seeing that no one responded, she guessed that the benefactor should have left.
女囚抿起嘴唇，眼神坚毅。她能感觉到自己身体上的变化，以前她痛恨自己的柔弱无力，只能被人欺凌，现在她至少有了自保之力。
The female prisoner pursed her lips, her eyes resolute. She could feel the changes in her body, she used to hate her weakness and powerlessness, and she could only be bullied, but now she at least has the strength to protect herself.
她很想离开这座岛，极度想要回家看看家人，但现在她还有更重要的事要做。
She wanted to leave the island and desperately wanted to go home to see her family, but now she had more important things to do.
她要找到自己的孩子。 She wants to find her child.
她在来到囚犯岛前就发现自己怀孕了，她小心翼翼地一路保护自己的肚子，直到再也隐瞒不下去。
She discovers she is pregnant before she arrives on Prisoner's Island, and she carefully protects her belly until she can no longer hide it.
她在女囚营产下了这个孩子，原本按照女囚营的规矩，这个孩子可以留在她身边，直到十岁才会送到感恩村。
She gave birth to the child in the women's camp, and according to the rules of the women's camp, the child could stay with her until she was ten years old and would not be sent to Thanksgiving Village.
但她的孩子在一岁多一点时就被人偷走了。 But her child was stolen when she was a little over a year old.
她必须要找到她的孩子！ She must find her child!
她的孩子还活着，且就在这座岛上，她能感觉到。 Her child was alive, and on this island, she could feel it.
离开的王叶并不担心女囚能不能在囚犯岛活下去的问题。
Wang Ye, who left, was not worried about whether the female prisoner could survive on Prisoner Island.
这女囚的身体可是被二级母虫八脚线虫改造过，就跟鲨鱼的情况一样，她的身体也变异了。她很可能会长出八只手脚，手脚还能在一定程度如章鱼般自由活动，只要她自己不作死，想要在这座岛上活下去并不是什么难事。
左勤榆身体也有变异，寄生他的是一只铁皮虫雄虫，他以后皮肤会比别人更坚硬一点、力气更大一点，比别人更能挨打扛揍。
Zuo Qinyu's body also has mutations, parasitic for him is a male insect of iron insects, his skin will be a little harder and stronger than others in the future, and he can be beaten and beaten more than others.
小光那边一直没有传来消息，王叶就使用精神联系自己去看，结果正好看到监狱长带着八名看守，每个人都手持武器，正前往一个地方。
There was no news from Xiaoguang's side, so Wang Ye used his spirit to contact himself to look, and it happened to see the prison director with eight guards, each with a weapon, heading to a place.
监狱长也看到了小纸条，看守们拿来给他的。 The warden also saw the small note, which the guards brought to him.
看守们与囚犯们的怀疑和诘问，尤其是囚犯们极度不安的情绪，让监狱长坐不住了。
The suspicion and interrogation between the guards and the prisoners, especially the extremely uneasy emotions of the prisoners, made the prison director unable to sit still.
他决定去见卖他药丸的人，但他也怕对方是什么被寄生虫意识侵占的变异体，就带了许多人，还带上了最厉害的武器。
He decided to meet the person who sold his pills, but he was also afraid that the other party was a mutant who had been invaded by parasite consciousness, so he brought many people with him, and he also brought the most powerful weapon.
看守们能看住这些囚犯，最大的依仗就是这些武器。 The guards were able to keep an eye on these prisoners, and the biggest reliance they had on was these weapons.
一种不需要魔法知识，也不需要本人拥有魔力的魔法武器，魔弹枪。
A magic weapon that doesn't require magical knowledge or magical powers, the Magic Shotgun.
魔弹枪什么都好，就一点不好，因为看守们都是不会操纵魔力的普通人，所以魔弹枪的能量来源需要靠魔晶。
The magic bullet gun is good at everything, but it is not good at all, because the guards are ordinary people who can't manipulate magic power, so the energy source of the magic bullet gun needs to rely on magic crystals.
一旦魔晶消耗完毕，就必须更换新的魔晶，否则魔弹枪就只是一个金属块。
Once the shard is depleted, it must be replaced with a new one, otherwise the shard will be just a metal block.
可监狱上层为了控制，并不会一下子给他们派发很多魔晶，总是按照他们实际消耗的量来给他们派发，还会定期过来检查他们的魔弹枪使用情况。
But in order to control them, the upper echelons of the prison will not distribute a lot of magic crystals to them at once, they will always distribute them according to the amount they actually consume, and they will regularly come over to check the use of their magic guns.
如果魔弹枪能量消耗过快，他们还要给出合理解释。 If the Magic Shotgun depletes energy too quickly, they also have to give a reasonable explanation.
如果一把魔弹枪找不到了，那与之相关的人都得受连带责任。
If a magic bullet gun can't be found, then everyone involved in it will be jointly and severally liable.
所以监狱长对魔弹枪控制得也很严格，平常都不允许看守们随便使用。
Therefore, the prison warden is also very strict with the magic bullet gun, and the guards are usually not allowed to use it casually.
“他们要去哪里？”王叶问小光。 "Where are they going?" Wang Ye asked Xiaoguang.
因为涉及到寄生虫，小光一开始还不肯回答。 Because of the parasites, Xiaoguang refused to answer at first.
“我发誓不会利用你们直接攻击寄生虫族，但打探消息是直接攻击吗？是让你们直接与寄生虫族敌对吗？”
"I swear I won't use you to attack the Parasites directly, but is it a direct attack to find out the news? Is it to make you directly hostile to the parasites? ”
小光：“不是吗？” Xiaoguang: "Isn't it? ”
“当然不是，间接和直接能是一样的意思吗？而且我让你们动手了吗？”王叶厚颜无耻地说。
"Of course not, can indirect and direct mean the same thing? And did I let you do it? Wang Ye said shamelessly.
小光惊呆了，没想到自己契约的主人竟然能如此嫑脸：“咿咿咿！我们帮你……调查我族，就是帮凶。”
Xiaoguang was stunned, he didn't expect the owner of his contract to be so face-stricken: "Babble! We've got you covered...... If you investigate our people, you are an accomplice. ”
王叶给小光洗脑：“只是跟踪而已，你们只是听令行事，跟直接攻击寄生虫族差远了好吗。小光，我做到了我答应你的一切，你可不能言而无信。”
Wang Ye brainwashed Xiaoguang: "It's just tracking, you are just following orders, and it's far from directly attacking the parasite, okay." Xiaoguang, I did everything I promised you, you can't be untrustworthy. ”
小光无言以对。 Xiaoguang was speechless.
王叶：“小光，你知道我作为主人，可以强行命令你做事，就算你不回答，我也可以强行搜寻你的记忆和想法，但我不想这么做，因为我尊重你。”
Wang Ye: "Xiaoguang, you know that I, as the master, can forcibly order you to do things, even if you don't answer, I can forcibly search your memories and thoughts, but I don't want to do this, because I respect you." ”
小光是只单纯的母虫，如果不是这样，它也不会被排斥到废弃区去帮同族们处理垃圾，和子民们过着成天吃不饱的生活，还老实地不敢离开那片被划定的范围。
Xiaoguang is a simple female worm, if it weren't for this, she would not be excluded to the abandoned area to help her fellow people dispose of garbage, and live a life without enough food with her people, and honestly dare not leave the demarcated area.
小光被王叶说的尊重两字给打动了。 Xiaoguang was moved by the word respect that Wang Ye said.
王叶又痛心疾首道：“小光，你看我对你们多好，你们一来，我就让你们吃金砖，那可是金砖啊。你知道对于人类来说，金砖相当于什么吗？那就是命！我让你们吃我的命，现在就请你们帮点小忙都不行吗？”
Wang Ye said bitterly: "Xiaoguang, you see how good I am to you, as soon as you come, I will let you eat gold bricks, which are gold bricks." Do you know what gold bricks are equivalent to for humans? That's fate! I'll let you eat my life, can't I ask you for a little favor now? ”
吃人嘴短的小光：“咿……” The little light with a short mouth: "Babble......"
王叶：“原来监狱长是要去见卖药丸给他的人吗？小光，你真棒，再接再厉，做得好，我请你们吃大餐！”
Wang Ye: "It turns out that the prison director is going to meet the person who sold him pills?" Xiaoguang, you are awesome, keep up the good work, well done, I invite you to a big meal! ”
王叶其实已经猜到监狱长这全副武装的模样肯定是要去见某个重要的又有威胁的人物，他只是趁这个机会给小光洗脑而已，洗脑一次肯定不行，得多次洗，洗多了，小光和它的整个浮游光虫群自然而然就会站到他这边。
Wang Ye had actually guessed that the prison warden's heavily armed appearance must be going to meet some important and threatening person, he just took this opportunity to brainwash Xiaoguang, brainwashing once will definitely not work, you have to wash it many times, wash more, Xiaoguang and its entire floating light insect swarm will naturally stand on his side.
正在熟悉自己能量的雷木看向兴奋的小叶子，问他：“有什么新发现吗？”
Reimu, who was familiarizing himself with his energy, looked at the excited little leaf and asked him, "Is there anything new to discover?" ”
“有。也许我们就要见到药丸源头了。”这可是他的任务之一，奖励经验值极高。
"Yes. Maybe we're about to see the source of the pill. "This is one of his missions, and the experience reward is extremely high.
卖药丸的人不住在监狱区，而是住在外面。 The people who sell pills don't live in the prison area, but outside.
监狱长带着手下一直走到岛屿背面，几乎横跨了大半个岛屿。
The warden led his men all the way to the back of the island, almost across most of the island.
这也是王叶和雷木第一次看到囚犯岛的背面，他们现在就跟在监狱长等人身后。
This was also the first time that Wang Ye and Lei Mu had seen the back of the Prisoner Island, and they were now following behind the prison director and the others.
囚犯岛背面是个近乎七十五度的大陡坡，上面乱石嶙峋，土层松散，这边的海风也特别犀利。
On the back side of Prisoner's Island is a steep slope of nearly 75 degrees, with rocky rocks and loose soil, and the sea breeze here is particularly sharp.
这不是一个适合人类生活的环境。 This is not an environment suitable for human life.
可在大陡坡的中段竟然有一段凹进去的崖洞，崖洞内部一个洞套着一个洞，内部干燥温暖，竟十分适合生活。
But in the middle of the big steep slope, there is a section of the cliff cave that is recessed, and the inside of the cliff cave is covered with a hole, and the inside is dry and warm, which is very suitable for life.
从洞内留下的生活痕迹来看，这里似乎生活了不下十个人，而且已经生活了很长一段时间。
Judging from the traces of life left in the cave, it seems that there are no less than ten people living here, and they have lived for a long time.
监狱长来到崖洞门口，让人对里面呼唤。 The warden came to the door of the cave and called inside.
监狱长已经不是第一次来这个崖洞，据说囚犯岛建造监狱区时，没有任何人发现岛背面有这么一个崖洞。
This is not the first time the warden has visited this cave, and it is said that when the prison area was built on Prisoner Island, no one found such a cave on the back of the island.
主要也是因为站在上面，根本看不到这个崖洞，偏偏这里地势陡峭、海风猛烈，人在这里根本站不住脚，人没事也不会玩命往下探索。
Mainly because standing on it, you can't see this cliff cave at all, but the terrain here is steep and the sea breeze is fierce, people can't stand here at all, and people won't go down to explore if they have nothing to do.
他无意间发现这个崖洞，还是他有天和辛加烈出来散心，顺便聊金矿的事，无意间看到有人往这边走。
He accidentally discovered this cave, or he came out with Singariel one day to relax, and by the way talked about the gold mine, and accidentally saw someone walking this way.
他发现对方的衣着和气质都不像是囚犯岛的囚犯和感恩村的人，一时好奇，就和辛加烈跟踪这个人来到这里。
He noticed that the other party's clothes and temperament did not look like the prisoners of Prisoner Island and the people of Thanksgiving Village, and he was curious, so he followed this person here with Singarie.
那人发现他们，一开始双方都很警惕。 The man spotted them, and at first both sides were wary.
经过介绍，那人告诉他们，他们是岛上的原住民，比囚犯岛的囚犯和看守们来得更早。
After being introduced, the man told them that they were the natives of the island, and that they had come before the prisoners and guards of Prisoner Island.
监狱长奇怪这些人为什么不住在环境更好的岛前端，非要住在这里。
The warden wondered why these people didn't live here instead of living on the front of the island, which had a better environment.
结果那人只淡淡一笑，当即邀请他们到他家中坐坐。 The man smiled faintly and immediately invited them to his house to sit down.
辛加烈阻止他，不相信那个人，但监狱长太好奇了，而且他随身携带魔弹枪，也不怕对方出什么幺蛾子，就跟着那人进入了这个崖洞。
Singariel stopped him, not believing the man, but the warden was too curious, and he carried a magic gun with him, and he was not afraid of what the other party would do, so he followed the man into the cave.
进入崖洞没多久，监狱长就明白那人和他的祖先为什么会选择住在这里了。
It didn't take long for the warden to understand why the man and his ancestors had chosen to live here.
虽然外面的环境很糟糕，但这个崖洞真的太适合居住，里面不但宽敞干燥温暖，还有淡水水源，甚至还有采光源，让崖洞内部不是一片昏暗。
Although the environment outside is very bad, this cliff cave is really too suitable for living, not only is it spacious and dry and warm, but also has a fresh water source, and even a lighting source, so that the inside of the cliff cave is not dim.
在人手和材料有限的情况下，人们自己建造的房屋肯定不如这崖洞舒服。这就怪不得这人的祖先会选择这个崖洞住下。
With limited manpower and materials, the houses built by people themselves are certainly not as comfortable as this cave. It is no wonder that this man's ancestors chose to live in this cave.
对方又主动告诉监狱长，因为很难与外界婚配，这么多年下来，他们家人口也没发展多少，只有十来口人。
The other party took the initiative to tell the prison warden that because it was difficult to marry with the outside world, after so many years, their family's population had not developed much, and there were only about a dozen people.
监狱长又问这人为什么不离开岛屿，毕竟这座岛屿已经变成囚犯岛，对于这些人来说已经不安全。
The warden asked the man why he hadn't left the island, which had become a prisoner's island and was no longer safe for them.
那人只说已经习惯了这座岛屿的生活。 The man only said that he was used to life on the island.
但当监狱长和这人熟悉后……他们来往了很多次，监狱长发现这人谈吐一点都不像是没见过世面的土著，反而像是落难的贵族，而且对方的喜好和他十分接近，这让寂寞又愤慨的他有碰到知己之感。
But when the warden got acquainted with the man...... They went back and forth many times, and the warden found that this man did not talk at all like a native who had never seen the world, but like a nobleman in distress, and the other party's preferences were very close to his, which made him feel lonely and indignant that he had met a confidant.
时间久了，对方在一次酒后失言，向他吐露了觉醒药丸的事。更吐露出制作这种药丸的主材料只有这座岛才有，所以他们家才不能离开这座岛。
After a long time, the other party lost his words after a drink and confided in him about the awakening pill. He also revealed that the main ingredient for making this pill was only available on this island, so their family couldn't leave this island.
那人还说这种觉醒药丸还在研究中，需要大量的人做实验。
The man also said that this awakening pill is still being studied, and a large number of people are needed to do experiments.
那人最后还说他们家和外界一直有联系，在暗中卖觉醒药丸，但因为这药丸的功效太好，他们怕被大势力发现，就一直偷偷的，不敢暴露太多。
In the end, the man also said that their family had always been in contact with the outside world and was secretly selling awakening pills, but because the effect of this pill was so good, they were afraid of being discovered by the big forces, so they kept it secretly and didn't dare to expose it too much.
酒醒后，那人十分后悔。 When he sobered up, the man regretted it greatly.
监狱长则觉得自己的机会来了，他表示他可以提供大量实验体帮助对方改进和提升药丸效果，并帮助代销这种觉醒药丸。
The warden felt that his opportunity had come, and he said that he could provide a large number of test subjects to help them improve and enhance the effects of the pills, and help sell the awakening pills.
监狱长为了让对方相信他的能力，还拿出他父母的身份做保障。
In order to convince the other party of his ability, the prison warden also used his parents' identity as a guarantee.
对方犹豫了几天，还是被说动了，拿出几颗药丸给他试水。
The other party hesitated for a few days, but was still moved, and took out a few pills for him to test the waters.
监狱长当然不可能自己服下这种药丸，也不可能立刻卖出去，他找郑琅扮演的毒狼，在监狱中暗中售卖药丸，想看看这药丸是不是真的有觉醒天赋的效果。
Of course, it is impossible for the prison warden to take this pill by himself, and it is impossible to sell it immediately, so he asked the poisonous wolf played by Zheng Lang to secretly sell the pill in the prison, wanting to see if this pill really has the effect of awakening talent.
一开始吃下药丸后有明显变化的人，在还没有形成威胁前，都被监狱长让毒狼悄悄带到废弃区解决了。
The people who had obvious changes after taking the pill at the beginning were all quietly taken to the abandoned area by the prison warden to solve the problem before they could form a threat.
发现这药丸竟然真的有觉醒效果，监狱长动心了，他也想获得特殊天赋，当然一般的他看不上，他要就要最好的！
Finding out that this pill really had an awakening effect, the warden was tempted, he also wanted to obtain a special talent, of course, he didn't like it in general, he wanted the best!
监狱长开始暗中提供实验体给那家人，让他们继续研究和改进药丸。
The warden began secretly providing the test subjects to the family to continue researching and refining the pills.
监狱长为了让囚犯们主动吃下药丸当实验体，还让毒狼等人在监狱中散播药丸的功效，并低价卖给囚犯。
In order to let the prisoners take the initiative to take the pill as an experimental subject, the prison director also asked the poisonous wolf and others to spread the effect of the pill in the prison and sell it to the prisoners at a low price.
同时监狱长开始通过自己的渠道往外销售，但他很懂得饥饿营销的道理，更明白宝贝不能多，多了就不值钱，所以他只拿出了两颗药丸，他也没走自己父母的路子，而是引诱了黎家。
At the same time, the prison warden began to sell through his own channels, but he knew the truth of hunger marketing very well, and he understood that there could not be too many treasures, and more would be worthless, so he only took out two pills, and he did not follow the path of his parents, but seduced the Li family.
第80章 赚一波再说 Chapter 80: Let's talk about making a wave
正好黎家和角戈群岛的那位王后合谋想要不远处那座海草岛的制胶秘方，而监狱长则想要物资丰美、地理条件优越的海草岛做大本营——他已经不想再继续待在囚犯岛，也想要更多实验体，双方一拍即合。
It just so happened that the Li family conspired with the queen of the Jiaoge Islands to find the secret recipe for making glue on the nearby Seagrass Island, while the warden wanted the seagrass island, which was rich in supplies and had superior geographical conditions, as a base camp - he no longer wanted to stay on the prisoner island, and he also wanted more test subjects, and the two sides hit it off.
黎家拿到那两颗药丸后果然被勾住，但他们报出的价格，监狱长并不满意，才一直吊着他们。
The Li family was hooked after getting the two pills, but the prison warden was not satisfied with the price they quoted, so he kept hanging them.
谁能想到那药丸里面竟然有寄生虫？ Who would have thought that there were parasites in that pill?
那寄生虫还能改变人体乃至侵占人体？ And what else can parasites do to alter the human body and even invade it?
监狱长只要想到自己几次差点忍不住心动吃下药丸，就满身冒冷汗。
As long as the prison warden thought that he almost couldn't help but take the pill several times, he was covered in cold sweat.
幸好他比较挑剔，幸好他想要最好的，而卖药丸给他的人也说了，随着实验体增多，药丸的质量会越来越好，现在还不是最佳。
Fortunately, he is more picky, fortunately he wants the best, and the person who sold the pill to him also said that with the increase in the number of test subjects, the quality of the pill will get better and better, and it is not the best yet.
现在想想，对方说需要实验体改进药丸，实际上是利用更多人来传播寄生虫，进而培育寄生虫？
Now that I think about it, the other party said that the test subject needs to improve the pill, but in fact, it is using more people to spread the parasite, and then cultivate the parasite?
现在刚出来的寄生虫等级应该都很低，培育多了，将来就会出现更高等级？
The level of the parasites that have just come out now should be very low, and if they are cultivated more, there will be higher levels in the future?
所以这件事如果不被捅出来，他将来吃下去的就是一颗含有高等级寄生虫卵的药丸？
So if this matter is not poked out, what he will eat in the future is a pill containing high-grade parasite eggs?
监狱长想吐。 The warden wanted to throw up.
崖洞里有人走了出来。 Someone came out of the cave.
那是一名三十多岁，面貌英俊，棕发蓝眸，很有贵族味的文雅男子。
It was an elegant man in his thirties, with a handsome face, brown hair and blue eyes, and a very aristocratic taste.
“辛格尔，今天你怎么有空过来？还带了这么多……客人？”文雅男子转眸扫过八名看守，微微一笑。
"Singh, how did you have time to come over today? And brought so many ...... Guest? The elegant man swept his eyes over the eight guards and smiled slightly.
八名看守都是第一次来到这里，神情中有好奇，更多的是紧张。
The eight guards were all first-time visitors, and their expressions were curious, and more nervous.
监狱长怎么看面前这人都不像是被寄生虫寄生的模样，但他还是暗中按住魔弹枪，开口道：“尤金，监狱里发生的事你应该很了解吧？”
No matter how the prison warden looked at the person in front of him, he didn't look like he was parasitic, but he still secretly held down the magic shotgun and said, "Eugene, you should know very well what happened in the prison, right?" ”
“监狱里发生的事，我怎么可能了解？”尤金笑。 "How can I possibly know what happened in prison?" Eugene laughs.
监狱长冷哼：“算了吧，你我何必来这套？我来是告诉你，我们的合作暴露了，现在囚犯和看守们都认为觉醒药丸里有寄生虫卵，让我给出交代。对这件事你怎么看？”
The warden snorted coldly: "Forget it, why do you and I have to do this?" I'm here to tell you that our cooperation has been exposed, and now the prisoners and guards believe that there are parasite eggs in the awakening pills, and let me give an account. What do you think about this? ”
“这当然是污蔑。” "Of course it's slander."
王叶感觉两人说不出什么有营养的话，监狱长那态度也不像是来摊牌的，反而像是要讨要更多好处。
Wang Ye felt that the two of them couldn't say anything nutritious, and the warden's attitude didn't look like they were coming to a showdown, but like they wanted to ask for more benefits.
雷木看到听到监狱长的表现，冷冷一嗤。与虎谋皮，枉费心机。他就看这个监狱长怎么作死。
Seeing and hearing the warden's performance, Lei Mu sneered coldly. Seeking skin with the tiger is in vain. He just watched how the warden died.
王叶操纵虫巢绕过一人一变异体进入了崖洞中。 Wang Ye manipulated the insect hive to bypass one person and one mutant and enter the cliff cave.
尤金眼神一动，就在刚才它似乎感觉到了虫巢的气息？ Eugene's eyes moved, just now it seemed to feel the breath of the hive?
也许是错觉，虫巢怎么可能跑到上面来？ Maybe it's a delusion, how could a hive run up to it?
尤金凝神细细感受，果然什么都没有感受到。 Eugene felt it carefully, and sure enough, he didn't feel anything.
崖洞不是很深，里面大约有十来个洞穴，被布置得就像人类住房一样。
The cave is not very deep, there are about a dozen caves inside, which are arranged like human dwellings.
雷木拍拍王叶的手臂，指向两点钟方向：“那里有很旺盛的能量，很多。”
Lei Mu patted Wang Ye's arm and pointed in the direction of two o'clock: "There is a very strong energy there, a lot." ”
王叶没找到门，也懒得花时间找，上下寻索一番，找到一个拳头大的像是通风孔的缝隙，问过雷木那条缝隙可以通往他说的地方，就飞了进去。
Wang Ye didn't find the door, and he didn't bother to take the time to look for it, so he searched up and down, found a fist-sized gap that looked like a ventilation hole, and asked Lei Mu that gap could lead to the place he said, and flew in.
顺着通风孔一路往下，王叶到达了雷木指出的有很多旺盛能量的空间前端。
Going all the way down the ventilation hole, Wang Ye reached the front of the space where there was a lot of exuberant energy that Lei Mu pointed out.
那是一个大约上百平米的溶洞，这个溶洞里有着天然长石台，如今这条长石台上放满了正待孵化的虫卵。
It was a cave of about 100 square meters, and this cave had a natural feldspar platform, which is now full of eggs waiting to hatch.
这些虫卵有大有小，颜色也不一样，按照种类被分成三个区。
These eggs are large and small, and vary in color, and are divided into three zones according to the species.
石台对面有两张木桌，有两个变异人站在那里把已经处理好的药材粉碎化，还有一个变异人把小米粉和药粉调和在一起。
There are two wooden tables on the opposite side of the stone platform, where two mutants stand to crush the medicinal materials that have been processed, and one mutant who mixes millet powder and medicinal powder together.
最后一个变异人把虫卵揉进药粉中，加一点水，搓成药丸。
The last mutant rubbed the eggs into the powder, added a little water, and kneaded them into pills.
木桌上有一个盒子，里面已经有上百粒药丸。更多已经制好的药丸则不知被放到了什么地方。
There was a box on the wooden table, and there were already hundreds of pills in it. More of the pills that had already been made were somewhere.
王叶没有惊动这些变异人，继续往里行走。 Wang Ye didn't alarm these mutants and continued to walk inside.
雷木看到的更多能量还在后面。 More energy that Remu saw was yet to come.
这个溶洞呈现葫芦状，搓药丸的为前端，比较小。 This cave is gourd-shaped, and the front end of the pill is relatively small.
过了腰部，就是大了三倍多的巨大洞穴。 Waist-wide, there was a huge cavern that was more than three times larger.
这个洞穴里躺满了人，还有野兽。大致数过去，至少有七八十人和五六十只野兽。
This cave is full of people, as well as wild beasts. Roughly counting the past, there were at least seventy or eighty people and fifty or sixty beasts.
雷木眼术扫过去，倒抽一口凉气：“这些人的身体里全都是虫卵！”
Lei Mu's eye technique swept over and gasped: "These people's bodies are full of eggs!" ”
更糟糕的是这些生命已经死了大半，死掉的人和野兽的尸体全都变成了虫卵的养料。
To make matters worse, most of these lives are already dead, and the corpses of dead people and beasts have all become nourishment for eggs.
沙沙，一阵砂石摩擦的声音响起。 Rustling, the sound of sand rubbing sounded.
雷木和王叶一起看到一只大约有人手臂粗的怪异虫子飞了进来。
Lei Mu and Wang Ye saw a strange bug about the thickness of a man's arm fly in.
那虫子落到最边沿一个人身上，某个部位往这人胸口一扎，大量虫卵被产入此人身体。
The worm landed on the most marginal person, and a certain part of the body pierced the person's chest, and a large number of eggs were laid into the person's body.
【溶洞群探索完成70%。】 [70% of the exploration of the cave group has been completed.] 】
“你能打过那只母虫吗？”王叶问雷木。 "Can you beat the she-worm?" Wang Ye asked Lei Mu.
雷木正在用眼术扫看产卵的虫子：“相当于魔兽三级，可以对付。”
Lei Mu was scanning the egg-laying bugs with his eye technique: "It is equivalent to the third level of Warcraft, and it can be dealt with." ”
“很好。我去偷偷把那只虫子收进来，我的虫巢对其有一定控制能力，但那只母虫已经达到三级，我的虫巢并不能完全控制它。等我一把它收进来，你就攻击它。”
"Good. I went to secretly take that worm in, my hive has some control over it, but the female worm has reached level 3, and my hive can't fully control it. As soon as I take it in, you attack it. ”
“好。” "Okay."
王叶立刻操纵虫巢悄悄飞到那只产卵的母虫身边，迅速把其摄入虫巢空间。
Wang Ye immediately manipulated the hive to quietly fly to the ovitable-laying female worm and quickly ingested it into the hive space.
母虫在种植区旷野出现。 Females are found in the wilderness of the growing area.
母虫陡然换了个地方，怔愣了半晌，最奇怪的是它竟然感受到了虫巢的气息。
The mother worm suddenly changed places, stunned for a long time, and the strangest thing was that she actually felt the breath of the hive.
“焚！”雷木手一指，一个巨大的字符落到母虫身上。 "Burn!" With a finger of Lei Mu's hand, a huge character fell on the female worm.
母虫瞬间被火焰笼罩，它想跑，可脚下就像有什么黏住了它。
The mother worm was instantly enveloped in flames, and she wanted to run, but it was like something was stuck to her feet.
“困！”雷木继续使用困术，让母虫无法逃脱，紧接着再次使出一招：“雷击！”
"Sleepy!" Lei Mu continued to use the trapping technique, so that the mother worm could not escape, and then used another move: "Lightning Strike!" ”
轰然巨响后，一道雷电劈在母虫身上。 After a loud bang, a bolt of lightning struck the mother worm.
“木木，最后一刀留给我！”三级母虫，值35个经验点呢。
"Mumu, leave the last knife for me!" The third-level female worm is worth 35 experience points.
这只三级血吸虫母虫死得极为悲催，它到死都不知道发生了什么事，也没能发挥出它的真正实力。
This third-level schistosomiasis mother died a tragic death, and she didn't know what happened until she died, and she didn't realize her true strength.
王叶让虫巢吸收了母虫的尸体，两人原地等了一会儿，不见有其他虫子过来。
Wang Ye let the hive absorb the corpse of the mother worm, and the two waited in place for a while, but no other worms came.
王叶立刻开始收地上的虫卵培养体。 Wang Ye immediately began to collect the insect egg cultures on the ground.
他先把死人和死掉的动物收进来，这些都不用分辨，直接就先焚烧，后让虫巢吸收。
He first collected the dead and the dead animals, and there was no need to distinguish between these, and he directly burned them first, and then let the hive absorb them.
接着收进来的是已经没有多少气的。 The next thing that came in was that there was not much gas left.
被虫卵寄生的人和动物意识还存在，只是身体像被吸干了一样。
The consciousness of humans and animals parasitized by insect eggs still exists, but the body seems to be sucked dry.
这些人和动物根本无法支撑住去除虫卵的过程。 These people and animals simply cannot support the process of removing the eggs.
直到王叶收入第三批培养体。 Until Wang Ye was included in the third batch of cultures.
这些人和动物的情况要好得多，至少没有被吸干。 These people and animals are in much better condition, at least not being sucked dry.
这些人和动物有一半被救回，但还有一半仍旧因为被吸收养分时间太长，身体缺乏营养过多，器官过于衰竭，死了。
Half of these people and animals were rescued, but the other half still died because they had been absorbed for too long, their bodies were too lacking in nutrients, and their organs were too exhausted.
第四批就是生机最足的一批，靠近边沿的几人和几只动物明显都是才被抓进来。
The fourth group was the most vibrant, and a few people and animals near the edge had obviously just been caught.
这些人和动物大多活了下来。 Most of these people and animals survived.
王叶不想和这些被救活的人打交道，把他们身体内的虫卵去除后，就把他们集体关入一个房间，给他们送了食物和水，就没再管他们。
Wang Ye didn't want to deal with these rescued people, and after removing the insect eggs from their bodies, he put them in a room collectively, gave them food and water, and left them alone.
当然，这个所谓的不管只是没有接触他们，但那个房间里发生了什么事，王叶全都一清二楚。
Of course, this so-called didn't care about it, but what happened in that room, Wang Ye knew it all.
所以当有些人依仗自己身体更强壮，抢夺更多食物和水，想要玩霸凌那套，甚至对某些年轻女孩和男孩动手动脚，这些人无一例外都死了。
So when some people rely on being stronger, snatching more food and water, trying to play bullying, and even doing things to young girls and boys, these people are all dead.
死得极为诡异。 Died a horrific death.
死前，他们被墙壁射出来的绳索一样的东西突然绑到墙壁上。
Before they died, they were suddenly tied to the wall by rope-like things shot out of the wall.
房间里的其他人谁也没看到墙壁做了什么，那些人就都死了。
None of the others in the room saw what the walls had done, and they all died.
这几个凶人一死，其他人全都老实了，拿了属于自己的食物和淡水，就坐在房间空地上，连多动都不敢。
As soon as these murderers died, the others were all honest, took their own food and fresh water, and sat in the open space of the room, not even daring to move.
动物活下来的极少，最后救活的只有最强壮的一只二级魔兽棱背海龟和一只刚被送来的青年狼。
Very few animals survived, and in the end, only the strongest second-level demonic beast, the Ridgeback Sea Turtle, and a young wolf that had just been sent to life.
这一龟一狼像是知道王叶救了自己，都没有攻击他，还很好奇地看向四周。
This turtle and wolf seemed to know that Wang Ye had saved him, but they didn't attack him, and they looked around curiously.
当看到雷木时，那只青年狼竟然夹起尾巴，对雷木发出了威吓声，身体却不住往后退。
When he saw Lei Mu, the young wolf actually caught his tail and made a threatening sound at Lei Mu, but his body couldn't help but retreat.
那只二级魔兽海龟也没好到哪里，竟然把四肢都缩进了壳里。
The second-level Demonic Beast Turtle was not much better, and even retracted its limbs into its shell.
雷木挑挑眉，“我有这么可怕？” Lei Mu raised an eyebrow, "Am I so terrible?" ”
王叶哈哈笑，“这说明你的能量收敛还不到家，还得继续练习。”
Wang Ye laughed, "This shows that your energy convergence is not at home, and you still have to continue practicing." ”
雷木很无奈，查看地上的野兽尸体后，忽然道：“没有鸟类，也没有小型动物和昆虫。”
Lei Mu was very helpless, and after checking the corpse of the beast on the ground, he suddenly said, "There are no birds, no small animals and insects. ”
“这些不是寄生体，只能算虫卵的养料供应体，当然是越肥壮越好。至于没有鸟类……”王叶皱眉，推测：“寄生虫族什么都能寄生，鸟类也不能避免，它们还没有寄生鸟类，可能跟它们刚刚上到地面有关，还没有来得及对鸟类下手。”
"These are not parasites, they can only be regarded as a nutrient supply for eggs, of course, the fatter the better. As for the ...... there are no birds," Wang Ye frowned, and speculated: "The parasitic insects can parasitize anything, and birds can't avoid it, they don't have parasitic birds yet, it may be related to the fact that they have just gone up to the ground, and they haven't had time to attack the birds yet." ”
雷木却有不同意见：“鸟类可以飞，如果寄生虫族想要尽快扩大寄生范围，鸟类是最好的选择。而且它们都已经和监狱长接触这么长时间，怎么可能来不及寄生鸟类？”
Lei Mu had a different opinion: "Birds can fly, if the parasitic Zerg wants to expand the parasitic range as soon as possible, birds are the best choice." And they've all been in contact with the warden for so long, how can they not have time to parasitize the birds? ”
轰隆！霹咔！王叶脑袋宛如被闪电击中，某些被他忽略的要素浮上脑海。
Bang! Snap! Wang Ye's head seemed to be struck by lightning, and some elements that he had overlooked came to mind.
“那些药丸！”王叶失声道：“我们刚才看到它们制作药丸的速度并不慢，可这座岛屿才多少人？至今为止才有多少人被寄生？那么制作出来的那么多药丸去了哪里？”
"Those pills!" Wang Ye lost his voice and said, "We just saw that the speed at which they make pills is not slow, but how many people are there on this island?" How many people have been parasitized so far? So where did all the pills that were made go? ”
雷木也心惊道：“你是说寄生虫族已经把大量虫卵药丸给送了出去？”
Lei Mu was also shocked: "You mean that the parasite Zerg has already sent out a large number of worm egg pills?" ”
“这座岛的寄生虫族很可能不止这一个发展地，我真蠢，它们是智慧种族啊，怎么可能想不到给自己多弄几个据点。我怎么能真的把它们当虫子看？”王叶气恼地骂自己。
"It's likely that there is more than one parasite on this island, I'm so stupid, they're an intelligent race, how could they not think of getting a few more strongholds for themselves. How can I really look at them like bugs? Wang Ye scolded himself angrily.
雷木抓住他的手，不让他打自己的头。 Remu grabbed his hand and didn't let him hit his head.
“这附近一定还有一个分支。不，也许应该说，这座囚犯岛只是寄生虫族的据点之一。如果这里是寄生虫族的发源地，那么此时它们一定分出了很多寄生虫前往世界各地。我说这里为什么会有多余的王虫和虫巢诞生，原来是分巢必须！”
"There must be a branch around here. No, perhaps it should be said that this prisoner island is just one of the strongholds of the parasites. If this is the birthplace of parasites, then they must have branched off a lot of parasites to travel all over the world. I said why there are extra king insects and hives born here, it turns out that it is necessary to divide the nest! ”
王叶不断打着响指，思绪如飞，上辈子有些想不通的事，在此时终于有了答案。
Wang Ye kept snapping his fingers, his thoughts were flying, there were some things that he couldn't figure out in his previous life, and he finally had an answer at this time.
为什么上辈子寄生虫族会爆发得那么迅猛，并在全世界范围内同时爆发？
Why did the parasites in the previous life break out so quickly and all over the world at the same time?
不过是因为它们早就悄悄遍布了整个双月星。 It's just because they've been quietly spreading all over the Twin Moon Stars for a long time.
王叶不能确定这座岛是不是寄生虫族的发源地，但一定是一个比较重要的巢穴，因为这里有多个王虫和多个虫巢。这就表示这里一定有一只虫母。
Wang Ye couldn't be sure if this island was the birthplace of the parasitic worms, but it must be a relatively important nest, because there were multiple king worms and multiple worm nests. This means that there must be a mother worm here.
虫母，是由上一代虫母产下的卵孵化而来。 The mother worm hatches from the eggs laid by the previous generation of the mother worm.
一般一个虫巢内只有一只虫母。 Generally, there is only one mother in a hive.
虫母，不是虫皇。 The mother of worms is not the emperor of worms.
虫皇下面就是虫母，虫母下是王虫，王虫统管所有分支寄生虫族。
Below the insect queen is the worm mother, and under the worm mother is the king worm, and the king worm rules all the branch parasitic worms.
虫皇只有一只，但虫母和王虫就数量不定了。虫母更会根据需要来生出新的王虫卵，培育成王虫。
There is only one insect emperor, but the number of insect mothers and king insects is uncertain. The mother worm will also give birth to new king worm eggs as needed, and breed them into king worms.
王虫的能力不止是统领分支寄生虫族，它还能对虫母下的虫卵注入不同基因，让它们分别变成血吸虫、八脚线虫……等各种母虫虫卵。
The king worm is not only capable of dominating the branch parasitic worm family, but it can also inject different genes into the eggs under the mother worm, so that they become schistosoma and eight-legged nematodes...... and other female eggs.
据说寄生虫族的虫皇就是由虫王互斗互相吞噬后，由最强的虫王变成。
It is said that the Worm Emperor of the parasitic Zerg was transformed from the strongest Worm King after the Worm King fought and devoured each other.
他不知道双月星有没有虫皇，上辈子直到他死亡为止，都没有人发现虫皇的踪迹，也许有人发现了，但这些人都死了，没能把消息传出去。
He didn't know if there was a Worm Emperor in the Twin Moon Star, and no one had found any trace of the Worm Emperor in his previous life until he died, maybe someone found it, but these people were all dead and couldn't get the news out.
只有虫皇所在地点，才是寄生虫族的真正大本营。 Only the location of the Worm Emperor is the real base camp of the Parasitic Zerg.
“如果附近有新的分巢，那必然是在人口密度比较大的地方，且是海鸟可以飞到的路程。变异海鸟应该可以飞得更远……”
"If there are new nests nearby, it must be in a densely populated area and within the reach of seabirds. Mutant seabirds should be able to fly farther......"
王叶喃喃自语：“不会是海草岛。那里虽然热闹，但还不足够繁华，且一年只有一次市集。如果我是寄生虫族，我肯定会选择人员来往更多、流动更频繁的地方。角戈群岛主岛群太远，那么在这附近，人多、人员流动大、管闲事的人也很少的地方……”
Wang Ye muttered to himself: "It won't be Seagrass Island." It's lively, but it's not bustling enough, and there's only one market a year. If I were a parasite, I would definitely choose a place where there are more people coming and going. The main group of islands in the Jiaogo archipelago is too far away, so there are many people, a lot of people in the vicinity, and few nosy people......"
“黒峡岛！”两人异口同声喊出。 "Kurosyo Island!" The two shouted in unison.
雷木按住王叶肩膀：“我们先处理这座岛上的寄生虫，黒峡岛那边你先别急。”
Lei Mu pressed Wang Ye's shoulder: "Let's deal with the parasites on this island first, don't worry about the Black Gorge Island." ”
王叶失笑：“我不急，我一点都不急。我就是一个小孩子，才八岁，我现在的梦想就是吃饱喝足赚很多的钱，一点都不想做英雄。谁爱做英雄谁去做吧，我一点都不想内裤外穿~”
Wang Ye smiled: "I'm not in a hurry, I'm not in a hurry at all." I'm just a little kid, only eight years old, and my dream now is to eat and drink enough to make a lot of money, and I don't want to be a hero at all. Whoever loves to be a hero should do it, I don't want to wear underwear outside at all~"
“什么内裤外穿？”雷木也跟着笑起来：“是啊，你才八岁，这事轮也轮不到你管。寄生虫族的事，我们找个机会把消息放出去，至于其他，遇到再说吧。”
"What panties to wear?" Lei Mu also laughed: "Yes, you are only eight years old, and it is not your turn to take care of this matter." Parasite matter, let's find an opportunity to release the news, as for the rest, let's talk about it when we encounter it. ”
“嗯，就这样。天塌了还有高个子顶着，我还小，现在重点是吃饱长大。”王叶毫无包袱地就把黒峡岛寄生虫族的事丢下了。
"Well, that's all. The sky is falling, and there are tall people on top, I am still young, and now the focus is on growing up with enough food. "Wang Ye left the matter of the parasitic Zerg on Heixia Island without any baggage.
反正他们现在也赶不过去，赶过去也不可能那么快就找到寄生虫族，更不可能那么简单把那边的寄生虫族分支连根拔起。
Anyway, they can't rush over now, and it is impossible to find the parasite so quickly, let alone uproot the parasite branch over there so easily.
不，就别指望连根拔起了。寄生虫族的虫卵药丸就像是传染病病菌，这时候都不知道已经传到什么地方去了。
No, don't expect uprooting. The parasite worm egg pill is like an infectious disease germ, and I don't know where it has spread at this time.
就算没有药丸，来几只母虫多多产卵，那些身体里有虫卵或被寄生的人随船离开黒峡岛，那更是找无可找。
Even if there are no pills, a few female worms will lay more eggs, and those who have eggs or parasites in their bodies will leave Kuroshiro Island with the boat, and it will be impossible to find them.
“怪不得监狱长代销药丸速度这么慢，寄生虫族一点都不急呢，原来这边就是一个培育基地。”王叶哼唧，挥手：“走，把前面那个制药间也给端掉！”
"No wonder the warden is so slow to sell pills, the parasite is not in a hurry at all, it turns out that this is a cultivation base." Wang Ye snorted and waved his hand: "Let's go, take out the pharmacy in front of you!" ”
王叶手中有虫巢，可以悄悄从背后接近变异体，趁其不备把其收入虫巢困住，再让雷木用异术干掉它。
Wang Ye has a worm nest in his hand, he can sneak up on the mutant from behind, trap it in the worm nest while it is unprepared, and then let Lei Mu kill it with a strange spell.
这一招非常卑鄙，但也非常好用。 It's a very despicable trick, but it's also very useful.
他先把单独在一个角落搓丸子的变异体给弄进虫巢，等把这只变异体消灭了，再去抓另外两个。
He first got the mutant who was rubbing the balls alone in a corner into the hive, and when the mutant was destroyed, he went to catch the other two.
另外两个站在一起，不好一个一个收。 The other two stand together, and it's not good to take them one by one.
但王叶也有办法，他用虫巢把其中一人困住，让对方困惑于虫巢的气息，没有第一时间攻击。
But Wang Ye also had a way, he used the insect hive to trap one of them, so that the other party was confused by the breath of the insect hive, and did not attack at the first time.
趁这一小段时间，两人合力先把另一个变异体干掉，再放出这个杀死。
Taking advantage of this short period of time, the two worked together to kill the other mutant first, and then release this kill.
制药间的三个变异体就此全灭。 All three variants in the pharmaceutical room were wiped out.
王叶把制药间里的虫卵和药丸全都收进虫巢，杀死后让虫巢全都吸收了。
Wang Ye put all the eggs and pills in the pharmacy into the hive, and after killing them, the hive was absorbed.
这么多虫卵，给他换来了丰厚的经验点，虽然一级虫卵只有1点，二级2点……
With so many eggs, he got a lot of experience points, although the first-level eggs were only 1 point, and the second-level eggs were 2 points......
但积少成多，一具培养体里少说也有三五十个虫卵，多则上百。
But the accumulation of small amounts is a lot, and there are thirty or fifty eggs in a culture, and hundreds of eggs in a culture.
【玩家隔壁小王，消灭6562只一级虫卵，1498只二级虫卵，总计获得9558点经验值。】
[The player next door Xiao Wang, destroyed 6562 first-level insect eggs, 1498 second-level insect eggs, and obtained a total of 9558 experience points.] 】
【玩家隔壁小王拯救被寄生虫卵寄生的人类26人，获得2600点经验值奖励。】
[The player next door Xiao Wang rescued 26 humans who were parasitized by parasite eggs and obtained 2600 experience points. 】
【玩家隔壁小王拯救被寄生虫卵寄生的二级魔兽棱背海龟一只，青狼一只，奖励200点经验值。】
[The player next door Xiao Wang rescues a second-level Warcraft parasitized by parasite eggs, a turtle and a green wolf, and rewards 200 experience points. 】
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到44969点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到九级。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, after deducting the experience points that have been used, the player's experience points have accumulated to 44969 points, meet the upgrade conditions, and the game level has been upgraded to level 9.] 】
王叶用力挥舞了下手臂，这个囚犯岛的任务虽然又多又烦人又危险，但奖励也异常丰厚。再来一千多点，他就能升到十级了。
Wang Ye waved his arm vigorously, although the tasks on this prisoner island were many, annoying and dangerous, the rewards were also extremely rich. With more than a thousand points, he will be able to rise to level ten.
现在这个游戏中大概没有比他更快升级的人了吧？ Now there is probably no one in this game who levels up faster than him, right?
事实就是如此。 That's just the way it is.
在绝大多数玩家吭哧吭哧干得比老黄牛还疲累，却挣不到几个经验点的时候，所有玩家就见玩家排行榜上有个ID特别容易让人记住的玩家“隔壁小王”，竟然一骑绝尘，远超其他所有玩家，飞奔到了第九级！
When the vast majority of players were more tired than the old scalpers, but they couldn't earn a few experience points, all the players saw that there was a player "Little King Next Door" whose ID was particularly easy to remember on the player leaderboard, and he was unexpectedly unbeatable, far surpassing all other players, and rushed to the ninth level!
而第二名才四级。 And the second place is only level four.
论坛都要炸了，好多玩家都在发帖询问：这个隔壁小王他到底是怎么玩游戏的，为什么能升级那么快？
The forum is about to explode, and many players are posting to ask: How did this little king next door play the game, and why was he able to level up so quickly?
更有人信誓旦旦地喊：我亲眼看到，他刚才才升到八级，转眼就升到了九级。这种升级速度显然不正常！这人一定作弊了！
Some people even swore and shouted: I saw with my own eyes that he had just been promoted to level eight, and in the blink of an eye, he had risen to level nine. This upgrade speed is obviously not normal! This man must have cheated!
第81章 辛加烈 Chapter 81: Singarieh
玩家们越是玩这个游戏越明白这游戏的经验值有多难获得，如今见有这么一个人轻轻松松就升到了九级，而且据有心人研究，八天前，这人还只是四级。
The more players play this game, the more they understand how difficult it is to gain experience points in this game, and now I see such a person who has easily risen to level nine, and according to the research of people who are interested, eight days ago, this person was only level four.
可就在这短短八天内，他先是从四级跳到五级，之后就从五级陡然跳到七级，然后八级，然后九级，升级速度越来越快。
But in just eight days, he first jumped from level four to level five, and then from level five to level seven, then level eight, then level nine, and the speed of upgrading became faster and faster.
这让众玩家们十分想不通，正常游戏都是越到后期越难升级，因为需要的经验值会越来越多。
This makes many players very puzzled, normal games are the more difficult it is to level up in the later stages, because the experience points required will be more and more.
为此，越来越多的玩家向游戏GM举报，怀疑排行第一的隔壁小王开了挂，还有人询问隔壁小王是不是游戏内部的测试人员。
For this reason, more and more players reported to the game GM, suspecting that the No. 1 Xiao Wang next door had opened the hanging, and some people asked if the Xiao Wang next door was an internal tester in the game.
对此，游戏GM的回复统统是：玩家隔壁小王没有作弊，升级是正常游戏行为的结果。本游戏玩法多样，自由性极强，欢迎诸位玩家踊跃探索各种玩法，请各位玩家和谐友爱文明地进行游戏。
In this regard, the reply of the game GM is that the player next door Xiao Wang is not cheating, and the upgrade is the result of normal game behavior. This game has a variety of gameplay and strong freedom, and all players are welcome to actively explore a variety of gameplay, and all players are invited to play the game in harmony, friendship and civilization.
“这个隔壁小王到底是谁？” "Who the hell is this little king next door?"
“隔壁老王的儿子？” "The son of the old king next door?"
“别扯了。你们谁知道这位大牛的坐标在哪里啊，谁认识他，告诉个地址，我去抱大腿~”
"Don't talk nonsense. Who of you knows where the coordinates of this big cow are, who knows him, tell me the address, I'll go hug the thigh~"
“我就想知道他是怎么升级升这么快的。” "I just want to know how he managed to level up so quickly."
“铜球！” "Bronze Ball!"
“我觉得他现在的任务地点一定与众不同，否则不可能进账那么多经验值。”
"I think his current mission location must be different, otherwise he wouldn't have earned so many experience points."
“对哦。一定要找到他，找不到他人，找到他现在在哪儿也行。”
"That's right. You have to find him, you can't find anyone else, you can find where he is now. ”
“找找找！” "Search, look!"
“老子悬赏，华夏币一千块要隔壁小王在游戏中的地址。”
"Lao Tzu has a reward, and 1,000 Huaxia coins will be the address of Xiao Wang next door in the game."
“哇，楼上兄嘚来真的吗？” "Wow, is it true that the upstairs brother is here?"
楼上的兄嘚立刻贴出了刚刚在交易行挂出的“售货”截屏照。
The brother upstairs immediately posted a screenshot of the "sale" that had just been hung up in the trading house.
目前，交易行只能在游戏论坛页面开启，交易十分不方便，据说要到十五级以后才能在游戏中同步开启。
At present, the trading line can only be opened on the game forum page, which is very inconvenient, and it is said that it can only be opened in the game after level 15.
不过玩家可以在游戏中面对面交易，还可以摆摊，要么就利用佣兵公会的交易行，对于玩家交易行目前还不是很看重，主要是里面的东西再好，他们也买不起啊。
However, players can trade face-to-face in the game, and they can also set up stalls, or they can use the trading house of the mercenary guild, which is not very important to the player trading house at present, mainly because no matter how good the things inside, they can't afford it.
交易行不能发布任务，但能钻空子，比如挂上一个粗面包，售价十银币，也就相当于华夏币一千块，且拍者需要先联络卖主。
The trading house cannot issue tasks, but it can take advantage of loopholes, such as hanging a coarse bread, which costs ten silver coins, which is equivalent to 1,000 Huaxia coins, and the auctioneer needs to contact the seller first.
楼上那位兄嘚则是挂上十个银币，售价一个铜币。购买该商品，需要得到卖主同意。
The brother upstairs hung ten silver coins for one copper coin. The purchase of this product requires the consent of the seller.
这在别的游戏不可能，但在这个游戏里却可以。 This is not possible in other games, but in this game it can.
楼下一片惊叹声。 There was an exclamation downstairs.
一时，游戏内掀起了寻找“隔壁小王”的热潮。 For a while, there was a craze in the game to find the "little king next door".
王叶可不知道好多玩家在找他，他正对系统发布的新信息运气。
Wang Ye didn't know that many players were looking for him, and he was lucky about the new information released by the system.
【恭喜！隔壁小王进入游戏至今斩获智慧寄生虫族超过一千只，获得“寄生虫族杀手”称号。装备该称号后，面对寄生虫族时可自动增加5%攻击的增益效果。】
【恭喜！因玩家隔壁小王进入游戏至今斩获智慧寄生虫族超过一千只，一定程度延迟了寄生虫族的寄生阴谋，世界声望值1000。】
[Congratulations! Because the player's next door Xiao Wang has entered the game and has won more than 1,000 intelligent parasitic zergs, which has delayed the parasitic conspiracy of the parasitic zergs to a certain extent, and the world reputation value is 1000. 】
【请注意！因玩家隔壁小王获得寄生虫族杀手称号，装备该称号，智慧寄生虫族对你的好感度将变成仇恨，见面必定不死不休。】
【Please note! Because the player next door Xiao Wang has won the title of Parasite Zerg Killer, equipping this title, the Wisdom Parasitic Clan's favorability towards you will become hatred, and the meeting will definitely never die. 】
王叶忍不住炸：“……这是什么狗屁称号奖励？还不如不给！”
Wang Ye couldn't help but fry: "...... What kind of bullshit title reward is this? It's better not to give! ”
其实这称号也不是太糟糕，如果他和寄生虫族开打，装备上这个称号至少可以增加5%的攻击力，那时寄生虫族是不是仇恨他也不重要了。
In fact, this title is not too bad, if he starts a fight with the parasite, he can increase his attack power by at least 5% with this title, and it doesn't matter if the parasite hates him at that time.
撇开这个称号不谈，王叶最在意的还是增加的一千世界声望值。
Putting this title aside, what Wang Ye cares about most is the increase in the reputation of the thousand worlds.
其实上辈子他压根就没搞明白这个世界声望值到底有什么用，主要他也没得到过多少，但这辈子他接二连三获得世界声望值，自然而然就重视起来。
In fact, in his previous life, he didn't understand what the world's prestige value was for, mainly because he didn't get much, but in this life, he has gained the world's prestige value one after another, so he naturally attaches importance to it.
只是现在他还不知道这东西有什么具体作用。 It's just that he doesn't know what this thing does yet.
雷木发现王小叶经常自言自语嘀嘀咕咕，只是含糊地听不清楚他在说什么。
Lei Mu found that Wang Xiaoye often muttered to himself, but he couldn't hear what he was saying clearly.
外面突然传来怒吼声。 Suddenly there was a roar outside.
王叶眼睛一亮，有热闹看了，立刻操纵虫巢飞向崖洞门口。
Wang Ye's eyes lit up, and he immediately manipulated the insect nest to fly to the door of the cliff cave.
监狱长正不可置信地怒视自己带来的八个看守。 The warden was glaring at the eight guards he had brought with him in disbelief.
这八个人竟然集体背叛了他，就在刚才他和尤金谈不拢新条件，他想给尤金一点颜色看看，就让看守们动手。
These eight people actually betrayed him collectively, just now he and Eugene couldn't agree on new conditions, he wanted to give Eugene a little color, so let the guards do it.
谁想看守们没有把枪口对准尤金，反而一致对准了他。 Who would have thought that the guards did not aim their guns at Eugene, but unanimously aimed at him.
“你们背叛我？你们有没有想过你们的家人？”监狱长怒。
"You betrayed me? Have you ever thought about your family? The warden was furious.
八名看守默默地不说话，其中两三个人脸上表情明显不对，他们的表情看起来似乎极为惊讶，似乎也在震惊自己在做什么，他们想夺回身体控制权，但做不到。
The eight guards were silent, and two or three of them had clearly wrong expressions on their faces, and their expressions seemed to be extremely surprised, as if they were also shocked at what they were doing, they wanted to take back control of their bodies, but they couldn't.
监狱长不蠢，他见了看守们的反应后，立刻面对尤金，质问：“他们被寄生虫寄生了？寄生虫果然能控制寄生体？”
The warden was not stupid, and after seeing the reaction of the guards, he immediately confronted Eugene and asked, "Are they parasitized by parasites?" Can parasites really control parasites? ”
尤金微笑：“我不知道你在说什么。看守们这么做，难道不是因为你这个监狱长平时不得人心吗？”
Eugene smiled: "I don't know what you're talking about. Aren't the guards doing this because you, the prison warden, are usually unpopular? ”
监狱长控制住自己的怒火，没有被尤金煽动，他举着魔弹枪道：“你们是不是已经寄生了所有看守？”
The warden controlled his anger and was not incited by Eugene, he held up the magic bullet gun and said, "Have you already parasitized all the guards?" ”
尤金还是那句：“我不知道你在说什么。辛格尔，你今天看起来心情不太好，我建议你下次再过来吧。”
Eugene still said, "I don't know what you're talking about." Singh, you don't seem to be in a good mood today, I suggest you come back next time. ”
监狱长眼中露出了惊恐和绝望，如果尤金还肯跟他谈条件，那么他还有活下去的希望。尤金现在让他走，哪里是放了他，而是已经有百分百对付他的把握，比如寄生他。
The warden's eyes showed horror and despair, and if Eugene was willing to negotiate terms with him, then he still had hope of living. Eugene is letting him go now, where is letting him go, but he is already 100% sure of dealing with him, such as parasitic him.
监狱长不知道想了什么，突然脸色大变：“早餐！” The prison warden didn't know what he was thinking, and suddenly his face changed: "Breakfast! ”
尤金这次没做任何否认，脸上笑容像固定了一样：“我们刚刚培育出一种新型虫卵，这种虫卵细微、透明，几乎看不见，虽然这种虫卵目前孵化的几率还不是很高，孵化出来的族虫也很弱。但这是一个非常棒的研究方向，至少不需要我们再辛辛苦苦地搓药丸。”
Eugene didn't deny it this time, and the smile on his face seemed to be fixed: "We have just bred a new type of insect egg, this kind of insect egg is small, transparent, almost invisible, although the probability of hatching this kind of insect egg is not very high at present, and the hatched insect is also very weak. But it's a very good direction of research, at least it doesn't require us to work pills. ”
尤金似乎觉得这样还不够打击监狱长一样，又道：“你是个足够小心的人，平时对自己的饮食也特别在意。为了确保你能被我族成功寄生，我们不得不给你一个人奉送了不下三十只透明虫虫卵。早上那杯热牛奶还好喝吗？”
Eugene seemed to think that this was not enough to hit the warden, and said, "You are a careful enough person, and you are usually very careful about your diet. In order to ensure that you can be successfully parasitized by our people, we have to give you no less than thirty transparent worm eggs alone. Is that glass of hot milk good in the morning? ”
监狱长吐了。 The warden threw up.
但他什么都没吐出来。 But he didn't spit out anything.
“你们是不是也对看守们的食物动手脚了？”监狱长脸色苍白地问。
"Are you also doing something with the food of the guards?" The warden asked with a pale face.
尤金笑容扩大：“是啊，我们本来还不想那么快替换看守，但谁让你知道了我们的存在，以防万一，我们只能提前把你们都转变成自己人了。”
Eugene's smile widened: "yes, we didn't want to replace the guards so quickly, but who let you know about our existence, just in case, we can only turn you all into our own people in advance." ”
“人？你们还能称为人吗？” "People? Can you still be called human? ”
“人也好，虫也好，一种称呼而已。”尤金无所谓地耸耸肩，“可惜我们行动还是迟了一点，以至于没有抓到今天到处散发小纸条的人。”
"Whether it's a person or a worm, it's just a name." Eugene shrugged indifferently, "It's a pity that we were a little late in our action, so we didn't catch the person who was handing out the little notes here and there today." ”
“你们果然对监狱内部情况一清二楚！”这一刻，监狱长的脸色已经不是苍白，而是毫无血色，他像是受到了更残忍的打击：“什么时候？你们什么时候知道我知道了寄生虫的事？”
"You really know everything about the inside of the prison!" At this moment, the prison warden's face was no longer pale, but bloodless, and he seemed to have received a more cruel blow: "When?" When did you know I knew about parasites? ”
尤金故意道：“你说呢？” Eugene said deliberately: "What do you say? ”
监狱长身体微微晃动，呢喃：“今天之前，我只把寄生虫的事告诉了一个人。辛加烈……你们早就寄生了辛加烈？”
The warden's body shook slightly, and he muttered, "Before today, I only told one person about the parasite. Singari ...... You guys have been parasitic for a long time? ”
尤金笑而不语。 Eugene smiled without saying a word.
监狱长想到了更多：“那天，我本来不想出门，是辛加烈说那天阳光不错，非要拉我出门散步，还往人迹少的地方走，也是他第一个看见你。那时候辛加烈已经不是辛加烈了，对吗？”
The warden thought more: "That day, I didn't want to go out, but it was Singari who said that the sun was good that day, so he had to pull me out for a walk, and he was the first to see you." At that time, Singari was no longer Singari, was he? ”
尤金索性承认：“没错，他是这座岛上第一个被寄生的人。辛加烈是个很富有探索精神的人，在你没来之前，他是这座岛的监狱长，他听说有村民失踪，就带着看守到处搜寻，最后找到了地下溶洞群。为了引开他的注意力，我们不得不让他发现了金矿。”
Eugene simply admitted: "That's right, he is the first person on this island to be parasitized." Singari is a very inquisitive man, before you came, he was the prison warden of the island, and when he heard that a villager was missing, he led the guards to search everywhere and finally found the underground caves. In order to distract him, we had to make him discover the gold mine. ”
尤金耸肩：“可惜，辛加烈对金矿不是很感兴趣，他并没有被金矿吸引，还一味往深处寻找。那时的我们还没有做好准备，当然不好被他和看守们发现。可辛加烈太敏锐也太执着，他竟然找到了我们一个孵化洞，还烧死了大量虫卵和正在孵化中的母虫。”
Eugene shrugged: "It's a pity that Singari is not very interested in gold mines, he is not attracted to gold mines, and blindly looks for them. We weren't ready at the time, and of course we wouldn't be able to be discovered by him and the guards. But Singaret was too keen and persistent, and he actually found a hatching hole for us, and burned a large number of eggs and hatching mothers. ”
“你们报复了他？”监狱长冷声问。 "You got revenge on him?" The warden asked coldly.
“那怎么能叫报复呢？原本我们以为他烧了一个洞，应该不会再深究，可他竟然怀疑起溶洞群里还有更多虫卵和孵化中的虫子。他竟然还要带人深入。为了解决他，我们的……当时可是冒了很大的危险强行寄生了他。”
"Then how can it be called revenge? Originally, we thought that he had burned a hole and would not delve into it, but he suspected that there were more eggs and hatching insects in the cave. He even had to take people deeper. To solve him, our ...... At that time, he took a great risk and forcibly parasitized him. ”
尤金脸上露出奇异的神色：“辛加烈的意志力真的非常顽强，我们那位磨了他整整一年，你可以想象吗，有人不停地用钻子钻你的脑袋，在上面钻出无数的洞，只要你放松，你就能不用再体会这种钻头的痛苦，可辛加烈在这种痛苦折磨下竟然坚持了整整一年。我们都极为佩服他呢。”
Eugene had a strange look on his face: "Singariel's willpower is really very tenacious, our one who has been grinding him for a whole year, can you imagine, someone keeps drilling your head with a drill, drilling countless holes in it, as long as you relax, you can no longer experience the pain of this drill, but Singariel has persevered under this pain and torture for a whole year." We all admire him so much. ”
监狱长的神情变得冷静，他甚至有些骄傲地说道：“辛加烈就是这样了不起的人。我就知道他绝不会背叛我，他是最好的兄长。”
The warden's expression became calm, and he even said with some pride: "Singariel is such a wonderful person. I knew he would never betray me, he was the best brother ever. ”
眼泪从监狱长的眼里流出，他像是没有察觉，他把魔弹枪对准了自己的太阳穴：“你们想控制我，那是做梦。我不如辛加烈，我无法坚持一年，可我可以立刻结束我的性命！”
Tears flowed from the warden's eyes, and he seemed to be unaware of it, and he aimed his magic gun at his temple: "You want to control me, it's a dream. I'm not as good as Singarieh, I can't last a year, but I can end my life right away! ”
尤金却不是很在意地笑道：“你真的愿意就这么简单结束你的性命吗？如果我们答应你，保留你的意识，仍然让你活着，我们继续以往的合作，你愿意吗？”
Eugene smiled indifferently, "Are you really willing to end your life so simply?" If we promised you to keep your consciousness alive and we continued our previous cooperation, would you like to? ”
“你们有寄生这样方便的手法，有必要再留下我的意识？”监狱长冷笑，他可不是那么好骗的。
"You have such a convenient method of parasitism, is it necessary to leave my consciousness behind?" The warden sneered, he wasn't that easy to deceive.
尤金叹息：“这不是寄生你的是新型虫族吗，我们也不确定它们到底能不能孵化，孵化后的控制力又如何。当然，如果你不听话，我们可以让它们一起孵化，先把你吸干再说。但如果你愿意保持原样，并继续和我们合作下去，我们也可以让那些虫卵在你身上沉眠。”
Eugene sighed: "Isn't this a new type of zerg that parasitizes you, and we are not sure if they can hatch or not, and what is the control after hatching." Of course, if you don't obey, we can let them hatch together and suck you dry first. But if you're willing to leave it as it is and continue to work with us, we can put those eggs to sleep on you, too. ”
“我要怎么相信你们？” "How am I going to trust you?"
“坦白说，我们早就打算寄生你。虽然你防守得很严密，但并不是无懈可击，你晚上睡觉时，我们就可以钻入你的耳孔寄生你。你能活到今天还保留自己的意识，无非是辛加烈的吩咐。”尤金说了实话。
"Frankly, we were planning to parasitize you for a long time. Although you are well defended, you are not invulnerable, and we can get into your ear holes and parasitize you when you sleep at night. You can live to this day and still retain your consciousness, it is nothing more than Singarieh's command. "Eugene told the truth.
监狱长已经黯淡的目光陡然点亮：“辛加烈的吩咐？他……”
The prison warden's already dim eyes suddenly lit up: "Singarieh's orders? He ......"
“可能我们那位融合他的精神体时，也受到了他的记忆和感情影响，辛加烈的精神力真的太特殊了。还好我们仔细检查过，我们那位还是那位，并没有被反寄生。”尤金打破了监狱长的希望，笑道：“你应该珍惜这个机会，辛加烈的感情残余让那位想要保留你的意识。”
"Maybe when we fused with his spiritual body, we were also affected by his memories and feelings, and Singarieh's spiritual power is really too special. Fortunately, we double-checked, and our one was still the other, and it was not antiparasitized. Eugene shattered the warden's hopes and smiled, "You should cherish this opportunity, the remnants of Singarie's feelings make the one who wants to keep your consciousness." ”
监狱长沉默。 The warden was silent.
尤金又道：“你真的甘心就这么死去吗？你不是想要报复你的父母，想要摧毁这座岛，想要毁掉锡雨国，想要消灭一切看不起你、曾经笑话过你的人吗？而我们可以帮你做到这一切，你活着就能亲眼看到。”
Eugene said again: "Are you really willing to die like this?" Don't you want to take revenge on your parents, you want to destroy this island, you want to destroy the country of Xiyu, you want to destroy everyone who looks down on you and once laughed at you? And we can help you do it all so that you can see it alive. ”
监狱长空着的手慢慢握成拳头。 The warden's free hand slowly clenched into a fist.
王叶和雷木看着监狱长放下魔弹枪，转身走了。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu watched as the warden put down the magic bullet gun and turned to leave.
尤金没有拦住他。 Eugene didn't stop him.
那八个看守则站立在原地。 The eight wardens stood in place.
王叶和雷木都认出了魔弹枪，他们对这种好用又方便的魔法枪械也比较忌惮，尤其他们还有这么多人，就没有立刻动手。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu both recognized the magic bullet gun, and they were also more afraid of this kind of easy-to-use and convenient magic firearm, especially since there were so many of them, so they didn't do it immediately.
尤金对那八名看守点了点头。 Eugene nodded to the eight guards.
那八名看守收起魔弹枪，转身往监狱区方向走去。 The eight guards put away their shotguns and turned and walked in the direction of the prison area.
尤金则单独进入崖洞。 Eugene enters the cave alone.
王叶没有对尤金动手，而是跟在他身后。 Wang Ye didn't make a move on Eugene, but followed him.
尤金走到一个洞穴房间内，把挂在墙上的狼皮掀起来，露出了后面一个半人高的洞。
Eugene walked to a cave room and lifted the wolf skin hanging from the wall, revealing a half-human-high hole in the back.
尤金弯腰钻入那个洞，走了几步就直起了腰。 Eugene stooped into the hole and straightened up after a few steps.
尤金没有去看虫卵药丸制作间，他对那边很放心，他是去找其他虫汇报监狱长的事。
Eugene didn't go to the worm egg pill making room, he was very relieved that he was going to report the prison warden to the other worms.
但走到一半，他就遇到了一支行色匆匆的变异人巡逻队。
But halfway through, he encounters a patrol of mutants in a hurry.
“尤金大人，出事了。药丸制作间和养育室那边……”巡逻队人看到尤金立刻过来汇报。
"Eugene-sama, something happened. ...... pill making room and nursery room, "The patrol saw Eugene and immediately came to report.
寄生虫族为了让族虫们尽快习惯外间人类生活，只要是变异人，彼此之间说话都会尽量模仿人类。
In order to get the insects used to the life of humans in the outside world as soon as possible, as long as they are mutants, they will try to imitate humans when they talk to each other.
这对它们并不是什么难事，它们寄生人体，也能获得那个人的记忆和部分学识能力。
This is not a difficult thing for them, they parasitize the human body, and they can also gain the memories and some of the intellectual abilities of that person.
尤金色变，立刻跟着巡逻队去了出事的地方。 You Jinchang immediately followed the patrol to the place where the accident occurred.
当看到空空如也的两个洞穴，尤金调头就跑，同时大喊：“通知所有族虫戒备！有人闯进来了！”
When he saw the two empty caves, Eugene turned around and ran, shouting, "Tell all the insects to be on alert!" Someone's barging in! ”
王叶和雷木此时看不到岛上其他寄生虫族的表现，如果能看到，他们会发现就在尤金刚刚喊完那句话没多久，所有寄生体和寄生虫都有一瞬间的凝固，它们脑中同时接到了一道指示。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu couldn't see the performance of the other parasites on the island at this time, and if they could, they would find that not long after Eugene had just finished shouting that sentence, all the parasites and parasites froze for a moment, and they received an instruction in their minds at the same time.
尤金作为重要的联络虫之一，它的精神体和王虫之间有联系，遇到危险时可以紧急联络王虫。
As one of the important contact insects, Eugene has a connection between its spirit body and the king worm, and can contact the king worm urgently when in danger.
王虫收到它的警告，立刻联系了岛上所有寄生虫族。 Upon receiving its warning, the king worm immediately contacted all the parasites on the island.
不是因为尤金一句话，而是因为这几日寄生虫族接二连三大量失踪之事已经引起王虫和虫母的震怒，它们已经命令寄生虫族遍岛搜寻可能的凶手。
Not because of Eugene's words, but because the successive disappearances of the parasite in the past few days have caused the wrath of the king worm and the worm mother, and they have ordered the parasite to search for possible murderers all over the island.
王叶不知道寄生虫族已经开始高度戒备，知道他也不在乎。
Wang Ye didn't know that the parasite had begun to be on high alert, and knew that he didn't care either.
尤金跑着跑着突然刹住脚步。养育间和药丸制作间是刚刚出的事，而之前只有监狱长带人来过。
Eugene ran and suddenly stopped. The nursery room and pill-making room were just a thing, and only the warden had brought someone to them before.
这说明什么？ What does this mean?
说明敌人很可能就跟在监狱长身后，找到了这里。 It means that the enemy is likely to have followed the warden and found this place.
但敌人在哪里？ But where is the enemy?
他当时就在洞口，为什么没有看到敌人进出？ He was at the entrance of the cave at the time, why didn't he see the enemy coming in and out?
“敌人能隐形！”尤金再度向王虫传出重要消息，而且他不再往虫巢的位置奔跑，他改变了奔跑方向。他怕敌人就跟在他身后，他不能带对方去虫巢，那里太重要。
"Enemies can be invisible!" Eugene once again sends important news to the king worm, and he no longer runs towards the hive's location, he changes the direction of his running. He was afraid that the enemy would follow him, and he couldn't take the other party to the hive, it was too important.
王叶和雷木都看出尤金临时改变了方向，不过王叶仗着他有虫巢，也没管尤金到底往哪里跑，仍旧跟着他。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu both saw that Eugene had temporarily changed direction, but Wang Ye relied on his hive and didn't care where Eugene was running, and still followed him.
尤金跑进了一条不时闪烁金光的通道。 Eugene ran into a passage that shimmered golden light from time to time.
通道里还有照明的火把。 There are also lighted torches in the passage.
越往前走，火把越多，地上还出现了木头制作的运输轨道。
The further you went, the more torches there were, and there were transport tracks made of wood on the ground.
尤金来到了金矿矿洞。 Eugene arrives in the gold mines.
叮叮当当，前面响起了开采金矿的敲砸声。 There was a clang, and the smashing of gold mines sounded ahead.
尤金冲进了上百矿工中。 Eugene rushed into the hundreds of miners.
第82章 威胁和救人 Chapter 82: Threats and Rescues
唰！近一半矿工突然抓住身边同伴，并用铁镐的尖头对准了同伴的要害。
Swish! Nearly half of the miners suddenly grabbed their companions and aimed the tip of their pickaxes at their vital points.
包括这里负责看守矿工的监狱看守们也端起魔弹枪，对准了囚犯矿工。
The prison guards, including the prison guards who were in charge of guarding the miners here, also raised their magic guns and aimed them at the prisoner miners.
尤金躲在人群中，对着空气大喊：“出来！否则我把这些人都杀了！”
Eugene hid in the crowd and shouted into the air: "Come out! Otherwise I'll kill them all! ”
没有人回应，也没有谁出来。 No one responded, and no one came out.
尤金不知发出了什么命令，过了一会儿，人群分开，有人压着一群少年儿童矿工走上前来。
Eugene didn't know what order was given, and after a while, the crowd parted, and someone pressed a group of teenagers and children to come forward.
这些孩子最大的不过十三四岁，最小的可能才六七岁，他们负责捡拾细小的矿石放到箩筐里，再合力把箩筐里的矿石倒入矿车，再由稍微大一点的孩子推着矿车送到仓库。
The oldest of these children was no more than thirteen or fourteen years old, and the youngest was probably six or seven years old, and they were responsible for picking up the small ores and putting them in baskets, which they then poured into the minecarts, which were then pushed by the older children to the warehouse.
孩子比成年人好控制，也不敢随便藏匿金子，他们还能钻进一些狭窄的通道和缝隙里，查看里面矿脉的走向。
Children are more controllable than adults, and they don't dare to hide the gold casually, and they can also drill into some narrow passages and crevices to see where the veins are going.
监狱长在一些看守的提议下，把感恩村和女囚营稍微大点的孩子都调到了这边干活。
At the suggestion of some guards, the prison director transferred the slightly older children from Thanksgiving Village and the women's camp to work here.
这也是感恩村看不到多少孩子的缘故，因为大家都在矿里干活，男孩大多被分配在矿道和矿坑里，女孩则被分配在提炼金矿石的火窑那边干活。
This is also the reason why there are not many children in Thanksgiving Village, because everyone works in the mines, most of the boys are assigned to work in the mines and pits, and the girls are assigned to work in the kilns where the gold ore is extracted.
“看到这些小崽子没有？你们出来，和我们正大光明地打一场，否则，这些小崽子我就一个个杀给你看。反正他们的尸体对我们来说也不算浪费。”尤金一改之前的文雅，语调凶狠残忍。
"See these little cubs? Come out and fight us in the open, otherwise, I will kill these little cubs one by one. Their bodies aren't a waste to us anyway. Eugene changed his previous elegance and tone was fierce and cruel.
这些孩子们根本不知道发生了什么事，很多人都露出了畏惧的神情，年龄小的想要往年龄大的身后躲，一些胆子小的已经吓得小声抽泣起来。
The children had no idea what was going on, and many of them looked frightened, the younger ones wanted to hide behind the older ones, and some of the timid ones were so frightened that they sobbed quietly.
但更多孩子只是麻木地看着这一切。 But many more children just watched it all numbly.
【紧急任务！寄生虫族三级智虫尤金丧心病狂，想要用囚犯岛众多孩童和矿工的性命做威胁，威胁玩家现身。请玩家隔壁小王尽量救出这些可怜人的性命。每救出一人奖励一百点经验值，救出二十人以上奖励一百点世界声望值。】
【Urgent Mission!】 Eugene, a third-level sapient worm of the parasitic Zerg, is mad and wants to threaten the players with the lives of many children and miners on Prisoner Island. Ask the player next door to try to save the lives of these poor people. Each rescued person rewards 100 XP, and rescues more than 20 people rewards 100 World Fame. 】
虫巢中，雷木眼神很冷很冷。 In the hive, Lei Mu's eyes were very cold.
“小叶子，你有办法把那些人同时一起收进来吗？” "Xiao Yezi, do you have a way to bring those people in at the same time?"
“可以。三级的无法收，但这些人站得很密集，给我两秒时间，其他人我能都收进来。”王叶已经在想最优的救人方法。
"Yes. Level 3 can't be contained, but these people stand in a tight space, give me two seconds, and I can take in all the others. Wang Ye is already thinking about the best way to save people.
“我出去牵制那些三级的寄生虫变异体，你看准时机收人。”
"I'll go out and contain those Level 3 parasite mutants, and you can take them at the right time."
“好，交给我。”王叶没说让雷木小心的话，他会用最快速度把这些收进来的人处理完毕，然后去帮助雷木。
"Okay, leave it to me." Wang Ye didn't say anything to let Lei Mu be careful, he would use the fastest speed to deal with these people who were brought in, and then go to help Lei Mu.
雷木陡然出现在所有矿工面前。 Thunderwood suddenly appeared in front of all the miners.
矿工起了一阵骚动，更有人发出惊叫。 There was a commotion among the miners, and some people screamed.
“魔鬼！”有人失声叫道。 "Devil!" Someone shouted.
躲在人群后的尤金眼中却爆发出异彩，迅速给王虫传递消息：“发现魔族！发现魔族！”
Eugene, who was hiding behind the crowd, burst into brilliance in his eyes, and quickly delivered a message to the king worm: "Discover the demons!" Discover the demons! ”
“躲在后面的，出来！用一群小孩子做威胁算得了什么？”雷木冷冷道。
"Hide in the back, come out! What's the point of threatening a bunch of kids? Lei Mu said coldly.
尤金张口问：“你是魔族？” Eugene opened his mouth and asked, "Are you a demon?" ”
雷木：“是怎样，不是又怎样。” Reim: "Yes, no. ”
尤金激动又不解：“如果你是魔族，你为什么要帮助这些人类？”
Eugene was excited and puzzled: "If you are a demon, why do you want to help these humans?" ”
“你还不够资格知道，让你们王虫出来！” "You're not qualified enough to know, let you king worms come out!"
“如果你答应服下这颗药丸，我可以带你去见我们的王，而且这里的矿工和所有人类幼崽，我也不会动。”
"If you promise to take this pill, I can take you to our king, and I won't move the miners and all the human cubs here."
“药丸？你是指你们的虫卵？”雷木发出轻蔑的嘲讽：“你以为你们的虫卵可以寄生我？”
"Pills? You mean your eggs? Reimu let out a contemptuous taunt, "You think your eggs can parasitize me? ”
“如果你不担心，那就服下。”尤金把药丸交给前面的变异体，让它拿去给雷木。
"If you're not worried, take it." Eugene handed the pill to the mutant in front of him and told him to take it to Thunderwood.
雷木接过药丸，此刻他全身上下都已经包裹在保护罩内，看起来他像是碰触到药丸，实际上还隔了一层。
Lei Mu took the pill, and at this moment his whole body was already wrapped in a protective cover, and it looked like he had touched the pill, but in fact there was a layer of separation.
尤金见雷木接过药丸，松了口气。 Eugene breathed a sigh of relief when he saw Remu take the pill.
其他变异体也不由自主略微放松。 Other variants also involuntarily relax slightly.
就在这一瞬间，一阵风过，九成以上的矿工和所有孩童全部消失。
At that moment, a gust of wind blew and more than ninety percent of the miners and all the children disappeared.
“虫巢！”尤金这次没有再忽略过去，他清楚感知到了虫巢的气息。
"Hive!" Eugene didn't ignore the past this time, he clearly sensed the breath of the hive.
但虫巢气息再次一闪即逝。 But the hive breath flashed again and again.
怎么回事？为什么又出现一个虫巢？ What's going on? Why is there another hive?
难道有别的王虫来跟他们争抢地盘了吗？ Could it be that there are other king worms fighting for territory with them?
但这个时候？怎么会？ But this time? How so?
明明王虫都还在成长期。 Obviously, the king insects are still in the growth stage.
尤金再怎么不理解，还是忠心耿耿地把虫巢出现的消息传给了他这边的王虫。
No matter how much Eugene didn't understand, he still faithfully passed the news of the appearance of the hive to the king worm on his side.
而雷木在看到孩子们和绝大部分矿工都消失后，就动手了。
And Thunderwood did it after seeing the children and most of the miners disappear.
剩下的这些矿工不用他分辨，必定都是变异体，且至少都是三级。
The rest of the miners didn't need him to distinguish, they must all be mutants, and they were all at least level three.
“焚！” "Burn!"
雷木使出了大招。无数熊熊火焰凭空出现，分别降临到在场所有变异体上。
Raimu made his ultimate. Countless flames appeared out of thin air, descending on all the mutants present.
虫巢内，王叶一把那些人收进来，就用最快速度把没有被寄生的和已经被寄生的迅速分开。
In the hive, as soon as Wang Ye brought those people in, he quickly separated those who were not parasitic from those who had been parasitized as quickly as possible.
虫巢把被寄生的变异体紧紧捆到墙壁上，有虫巢帮忙，王叶又迅速分辨出这些变异体哪些是救不回来的，哪些是还拥有自己意识的。
The worm nest tightly tied the parasitic mutants to the wall, and with the help of the worm nest, Wang Ye quickly distinguished which of these mutants could not be saved, and which ones still had their own consciousness.
有自己意识的丢到另一个房间关押，剩下的直接让虫巢吞噬吸收。
Those who have their own consciousness are thrown into another room and imprisoned, and the rest is directly devoured and absorbed by the hive.
他救下多少人、杀死多少变异体和寄生虫族，系统就在他脑中播报他得到了多少经验值。
How many people he saved, how many mutants and parasites he killed, the system broadcast in his head how much experience he gained.
王叶顾不得去安慰那些小孩子，处理好那些变异体，就跑去偷袭外面那些三级变异体。
Wang Ye didn't care about comforting those children and dealing with those mutants, so he ran to sneak attack those third-level mutants outside.
三级变异体正在联合攻击雷木。 Level 3 mutants are uniting to attack Thunderwood.
王叶迅速把雷木收进虫巢，随后立刻收进一个三级变异体，再困住它。
Wang Ye quickly put Lei Mu into the hive, and then immediately put in a third-level mutant and trapped it again.
能困住三级变异体的时间很短暂，但两人已经不是第一次合作，雷木在进入虫巢后就知道王叶想要干什么，看到三级变异体出现，出手就是杀招。
The time to be able to trap the third-level mutant is very short, but it is not the first time that the two have cooperated, Lei Mu knew what Wang Ye wanted to do after entering the hive, and when he saw the third-level mutant appear, he made a killing move.
这次王叶没喊着留最后一刀给我来。 This time, Wang Ye didn't shout to leave the last knife for me.
解决掉一个三级变异体，王叶扑向了尤金。 After solving a third-level mutant, Wang Ye pounced on Eugene.
尤金是个狡猾的，看到雷木再次消失就想跑。 Eugene is a cunning and wants to run when he sees Remu disappear again.
但王叶已经记住它的精神波动，又有虫巢对寄生虫族天生的吸引力和强制收容这招。
But Wang Ye had already remembered its mental fluctuations, and the hive's innate attraction to the parasite Zerg and its forced containment.
尤金压根就没跑远，就被强行收进虫巢。 Eugene didn't run far at all before he was forcibly put into the hive.
“你是谁？你怎么会拥有虫巢？”尤金看到王叶，但压根就没注意这么一个毛孩子，这话他是对着雷木喊出来的。
"Who are you? How do you have a hive? Eugene saw Wang Ye, but he didn't pay attention to such a hairy boy at all, he shouted at Lei Mu.
雷木没跟他废话一个字，直接攻击他。 Lei Mu didn't talk a word nonsense to him, and attacked him directly.
尤金躲无可躲，虫巢黏着他不放，他身上也像是有无数绳索缠身，只能眼睁睁地看着杀招降下。
Eugene couldn't hide, the hive stuck to him, and he seemed to have countless ropes wrapped around him, so he could only watch the killing moves descend.
“你杀了我，我们王不会放过……”最后一个字没说完，尤金的脑袋就掉了下来。
"If you kill me, our king won't let ...... go" Before the last word was finished, Eugene's head fell off.
雷木并没有因为尤金脑袋掉下来就放松，对他的脑袋和身体又分别放了一把火，直到把这只三级变异体烧成灰烬。
Raywood didn't let up just because Eugene's head fell, and set another fire to his head and body until the third-level mutant was burned to ashes.
尤金的寄生虫意识在最后想要跑出来，但它刚跑出来就被虫巢强行吸收了，成了虫巢的养料，同时也滋养了虫巢主人王叶的精神力。
Eugene's parasite consciousness wanted to run out at the end, but as soon as it ran out, it was forcibly absorbed by the hive, becoming the nourishment of the hive, and at the same time nourishing the spiritual power of the hive's owner, Wang Ye.
其他三级变异虫，只有两只跑掉，其他只都被王叶追上去联合雷木干掉了。
Of the other third-level mutant insects, only two ran away, and the others were all killed by Wang Ye chasing after him and joining forces with Lei Mu.
处理完这些三级变异虫，王叶看着外面金光闪闪的矿洞抹了抹口水，他发现金矿了！
After dealing with these third-level mutant insects, Wang Ye looked at the golden mine outside and wiped his saliva, he found a gold mine!
他也即将是有矿的人了。 He's about to be a miner.
不过在吞占金矿之前，他还有其他事要做。 But he had other things to do before he could take over the gold mines.
首先就是处理那些被寄生虫寄生，但自我意识还在的囚犯。
The first is to deal with prisoners who are parasitized by parasites, but still have a sense of self.
这些囚犯被他救下，就和他结下了因果。 These prisoners were rescued by him, and they formed a cause and effect with him.
王叶先查看因果卷上囚犯们的身份信息，以及坐牢原因。
Wang Ye first checked the identity information of the prisoners on the cause and effect scroll, as well as the reason for being imprisoned.
有因果卷在手，这些人不管做过什么都瞒不过他的眼睛，只不过因为他现在等级不高，因果卷能展示出来的内容也不多，但足够让王叶了解这些囚犯的为人和品性。
With the cause and effect scroll in his hand, these people can't hide it from his eyes no matter what they do, but because his current level is not high, the cause and effect scroll can not show much content, but it is enough for Wang Ye to understand the personality and character of these prisoners.
这些还能拥有自己意识的囚犯，全都是今天刚刚被寄生，人数不过十个。
These prisoners, who can still have their own consciousness, are all just parasitized today, and there are no more than ten of them.
连环杀人犯，就喜欢杀女人，还喜欢虐杀，罪证确凿，却至今没有承认自己的罪名。可因果卷上明明白白写出此人虐杀了足足十四个人，其中一人还是这人的亲姐姐。
Serial murderers like to kill women, and they also like to abuse and kill, and the evidence is conclusive, but they have not yet admitted their crimes. But the cause and effect scroll clearly states that this person tortured and killed a full fourteen people, and one of them was the person's own sister.
王叶直接就把这人交给虫巢吸收了。 Wang Ye directly handed over this person to the insect nest to absorb.
第二个是个幼女强X犯，但因果卷却显示他没有犯这样的罪行，而是顶替他人坐牢，他人是一名贵族，此人收了那个贵族五十个金币。五十金币给了家中妻儿老小养家。
The second was a young girl who committed a crime by force, but the cause and effect scroll shows that he did not commit such a crime, but was imprisoned in place of someone else, who was a nobleman, and this person received fifty gold coins from that nobleman. Fifty gold coins were given to the wife and children of the family to support the family.
王叶翻了个白眼，把这人扔到一旁，等会儿一并处理。 Wang Ye rolled his eyes, threw the person aside, and dealt with it later.
第三人是个杀人犯，杀的是贵族，杀人原因是贵族强迫伤害了他在贵族家里做女仆的女儿，他女儿因为不堪受辱和受折磨，自杀。
The third person was a murderer, and he killed a nobleman, and the reason for the murder was that the nobleman forcibly injured his daughter, who was working as a maid in the nobleman's house, and his daughter, because she was humiliated and tortured, committed suicide.
王叶把这人也扔到一旁。 Wang Ye threw this person aside.
第四人是勒索犯，原本是个小贵族的小儿子，因为兄长继承家里贵族头衔和大部分财产，他只能混到市政厅找了一个工作，但因为为人贪婪，利用职权对非贵族多有欺压敲诈，有两人因此至死，数个家庭被其逼迫的家破人散，被苦主告发不成，后被恼恨分赃不均的同事检举告发成功，因为罪证明确，被判三年。
The fourth person is an extortionist, originally the youngest son of a small nobleman, because his brother inherited the title of nobility and most of the property in the family, he could only go to the city hall to find a job, but because of greed, he used his power to oppress and extort many non-nobles, and two people died because of this, and several families were broken up by the persecuted family, and they were not reported by the bitter master, and then they were successfully reported by colleagues who were angry about the uneven distribution of spoils, and because the evidence of the crime was clear, he was sentenced to three years.
这人也被王叶喂给虫巢了。 This person was also fed to the hive by Wang Ye.
第五人被关到囚犯岛的原因竟然是因为与嫂子通奸，两人奸情被发现后，那位寡嫂立刻被吊死，此人则因为献出全部家产才得以活命，但也被判了二十年。
The reason why the fifth man was imprisoned on Prisoner's Island turned out to be because of adultery with his sister-in-law, who was also sentenced to twenty years when the affair was discovered, the widowed sister-in-law was immediately hanged, and this person was sentenced to twenty years for giving all his family property.
第六人因为养坏了贵族的马匹，无法赔偿，被判十年。 The sixth man was sentenced to ten years for raising the nobleman's horses and not being able to compensate for them.
第七人因为逃逸农税并打伤税收官，被判三十年。 The seventh was sentenced to 30 years for evading agricultural taxes and wounding the tax collector.
第八人是个小贵族，坐牢的原因是和另一个贵族决斗，他赢了，对方死了，按照决斗规定，此人本来应该没事，但死亡贵族的家里不肯放过此人，花了很多钱买通法官，最后这个小贵族被判坐牢五年。
The eighth person was a minor nobleman, and the reason for going to prison was a duel with another nobleman, he won, and the other party died, according to the rules of the duel, this person should have been fine, but the family of the deceased nobleman refused to let this person go, and spent a lot of money to buy the judge, and finally this little nobleman was sentenced to five years in prison.
第九人的罪名也很荒唐，竟然是因为对贵族不敬，乘坐的马车撞到贵族的马车。那个贵族拒绝他的道歉和赔偿，硬是要让他坐牢，三年，还特意把人弄到了特别偏远的囚犯岛。
The ninth person's crime is also ridiculous, it turned out that because of disrespect to the nobles, the carriage he was riding in hit the nobleman's carriage. The nobleman refused his apology and compensation, insisted on putting him in prison for three years, and deliberately got people to a particularly remote prisoner island.
王叶很想知道那个贵族让这个小商人坐牢的真正原因，可惜他现在的等级还不够高，无法查到更深的因果。
Wang Ye wanted to know the real reason why the nobleman had put this small merchant in prison, but unfortunately his current rank was not high enough to find out the deeper cause and effect.
第十人的罪名总算是正常了，就是个惯偷，不管是富贵人家还是普通人家都偷，偷来的钱财随便花天酒地，没了继续偷。这人也被判了三十年。
The tenth person's crime is finally normal, he is a habitual thief, whether it is a rich or noble family or an ordinary family, he steals the money and property he spends all his time and drinks freely, and he continues to steal when he is gone. This man was also sentenced to thirty years.
王叶看到这些人被判刑的原因和坐牢期限，真的感受到了不同时代和不同地区的法制特点。
Wang Ye saw the reasons for these people's sentences and the length of imprisonment, and really felt the characteristics of the legal system in different times and regions.
有些人的罪行，在他看来根本不算什么，却被量很重的刑。有些人明明犯错很重，却被量刑很轻。这有当代的特点，但也和判案的法官有莫大关系。
There are people whose crimes, in his opinion, are nothing at all, but they are punished very severely. There are people who have made serious mistakes, but they have been given very light sentences. This has a contemporary character, but it also has a lot to do with the judge who decides the case.
不管哪个时代，法官的个人喜恶（或者上面要求）就是量刑的那个弹性，法官讨厌某件事或某个犯人时，量刑就会很重，反之就会很轻。
Regardless of the era, the judge's personal likes and dislikes (or the above requirements) are the flexibility of sentencing, and when the judge hates something or a certain prisoner, the sentence will be very heavy, and vice versa.
锡雨国的法官显然很向着贵族，尤其向着大贵族。 The judges of the Xiyu Kingdom are obviously very oriented towards the aristocracy, especially the great nobles.
王叶对于锡雨国的法律条文不置可否，索性把剩下的八个人都救了，然后把他们关入同一个房间。
Wang Ye was noncommittal about the legal provisions of Xiyu Kingdom, and simply rescued the remaining eight people, and then locked them in the same room.
这些人和那个女囚不同，王叶可不打算就这么放他们出去，那个女囚不但罪名情有可原，她的实际刑期也已经满了，换言之她本来就应该被释放。
These people are different from the female prisoner, Wang Ye doesn't plan to just let them out, the female prisoner is not only excusable for the crime, but her actual sentence has also expired, in other words, she should have been released.
不放这些人，不是他怕牵扯上因果。他救下这些人，是这些人欠他，不是他欠这些人，也不欠其他人。这些人以后做任何事，都不会和他扯上因果。除非他在救人时，就希望这些人去作恶才去救他们。
If he doesn't let these people go, it's not that he's afraid of being involved in cause and effect. He saved these people because these people owe him, not to these people, and not to others. Whatever these people do in the future, they will not have cause or effect to do with him. Unless he wants them to do evil when he saves them, he saves them.
最后就剩下那些孩子。 In the end, the children were left.
这些从儿童到少年的孩子们看到王叶，大约王叶也是小孩的缘故，大家对他虽然警惕，但也不是特别防备和排斥。
These children, from children to teenagers, saw Wang Ye, probably because Wang Ye was also a child, although everyone was wary of him, they were not particularly defensive and repulsive.
王叶给这些小孩安排的房间其实就在种植区，只是单独隔了一个角，所以这里能看到天空和阳光，还能感受到微风。
The room that Wang Ye arranged for these children is actually in the planting area, but it is separated by a separate corner, so you can see the sky and sunlight here, and you can also feel the breeze.
孩子们不是被关在密闭的房间内，也就没那么紧张恐惧。
Children are not confined to a closed room, so they are less nervous and afraid.
“嗨，不要怕，大家都被我们草木皆兵佣兵队救了。等会儿检查完身体，大家就可以回家了。”王叶随便跟一众小孩打了招呼。
"Hey, don't be afraid, everyone has been saved by our mercenary team. After a check-up, everyone can go home. Wang Ye casually greeted the children.
他这种随便的态度反而让所有孩子都轻松了许多，不再那么紧绷着。
His casual attitude made all the children feel much more relaxed and less tense.
“你是佣兵？这么小也能当佣兵？”有大胆的小孩好奇地问。
"You're a mercenary? Can you be a mercenary at such a young age? A bold child asked curiously.
王叶插腰，神气活现地道：“当然能。” Wang Ye thrust his waist and said vividly: "Of course you can." ”
哇哦！众孩童惊叹。他们还是第一次看到传说中的佣兵，没想到这个佣兵竟然是个跟他们一样甚至比他们还小的小孩子。
Wow! The children were amazed. It was the first time they had seen the legendary mercenary, but they didn't expect this mercenary to be a child like them or even younger than them.
“你知道发生了什么事吗？”一个十四岁左右的壮少年站出来问，他像是所有孩子的头。
"Do you know what's going on?" A strong boy of about fourteen years old stood up and asked, he was like the head of all children.
王叶回答：“岛上出现寄生虫族，这种寄生虫族会寄生人体，让人类变异并失去自我，变成寄生虫族的傀儡。这种虫子被我们佣兵队发现了，我们正在消灭这些寄生虫。刚才那个用你们威胁我们的人就是被寄生虫操控的变异体。”
Wang Ye replied: "There are parasitic zergs on the island, and this parasitic zerg will parasitize the human body, causing humans to mutate and lose themselves, and become puppets of the parasitic zerg. This bug has been discovered by our mercenary team, and we are exterminating these parasites. The person who threatened us with you was a mutant manipulated by parasites. ”
“那个魔族也是佣兵？”有小孩忍不住问。 "That demon is also a mercenary?" Some children couldn't help but ask.
“他不是魔族，只是看起来有点像。” "He's not a demon, he just looks a little bit like it."
“怪不得。”小孩们放心了，自认为找到了魔族会帮他们的原因，原来那人不是魔族。
"No wonder." The children were relieved, thinking that they had found the reason why the demons would help them, and it turned out that the person was not the demons.
小孩子的恢复力总是很强，刚才还很害怕，现在看着都有些活泼气了。
Children are always very resilient, and they were scared just now, but now they look a little lively.
“你们佣兵队是来找金矿的吧？”壮少年犀利地道。 "Your mercenary team is here to find a gold mine, right?" The strong boy is sharp and authentic.
王叶耸肩：“不是，我们是来找人的。谁想那么倒霉地撞上了寄生虫族，结果发现这里的寄生虫族已经寄生了很多囚犯，乃至看守。包括岛上很多失踪人口都是被这些寄生虫族抓去孵化虫卵，或者培养成变异体了。”
Wang Ye shrugged: "No, we're here to find someone." Who would have been so unlucky to bump into the parasites, only to find out that the parasites here have parasitized many prisoners and even guards. Many of the missing people on the island have been captured by these parasites to hatch eggs or grow into mutants. ”
孩子们想到村里这几年不断有人失踪，其中就有他们的父母，当即有人轻啊出声。
The children thought that people in the village had been missing in the past few years, including their parents, and some of them immediately spoke softly.
“行了，别问了，我知道得也不多。我是药师学徒，我现在的任务就是给你们检查身体，确定你们没有被寄生虫寄生。”
"Alright, don't ask, I don't know much. I'm an apprentice pharmacist, and my task now is to examine your body to make sure you're not parasitized by parasites. ”
一听自己有可能被寄生，这群孩子们又露出了畏缩和害怕的神情。
王叶完全不擅长安慰这些小孩，而雷木现在的形象更是能吓哭这些孩子，只好去掉安抚这一步骤。
Wang Ye is not good at comforting these children at all, and Lei Mu's current image can scare these children into crying, so he had to remove the step of comforting.
“你，第一个，过来。”王叶手指壮少年。 "You, the first one, come here." Wang Ye is a strong young man.
壮少年感觉所有孩子都在看着他，深吸一口气，勇敢地跨出一步。
The strong boy felt that all the children were looking at him, took a deep breath, and took a brave step.
初期，寄生虫族很少寄生幼崽，大概是因为幼崽身体还没有发育完全，更多则是因为幼崽太弱，寄生改造后也不堪大用，不如直接寄生成年体划算。
In the early days, parasitic insects rarely parasitized cubs, probably because the cubs' bodies were not fully developed, and more because the cubs were too weak and could not be used after parasitic transformation, so it was better to directly parasitize into a young body.
王叶给这些孩子分别查看后，发现他们肚子里是有寄生虫，但此寄生虫非彼寄生虫。
就在这时，他脑中再次响起系统通知，先是统计他这次一共救了多少人，一共奖励他多少经验值，紧接着就是：
At this moment, a system notification sounded in his head again, first counting how many people he saved this time, how many experience points he was rewarded, and then that:
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到50179点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到十级。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, after deducting the experience points that have been used, the player's experience points have accumulated to 50,179 points, meeting the upgrade conditions, and the game level has been upgraded to level ten.] 】
王叶一直在等着升到十级，因为十级，他的因果技能树就能再开一个技能【因果循环】，这是一个防护技能，用因果之力循环防护周身。可以给自己用，也可以给别人用，非常好用和实在的一个能力。
Wang Ye has been waiting to be promoted to level ten, because at level ten, his causal skill tree can open another skill [Causal Loop], which is a protective skill that uses the power of cause and effect to circulate to protect the body. It can be used for oneself or for others, and it is a very useful and real ability.
这个技能开启的喜悦让他听到系统告诉他，他因为这波救人人数超过二十人，世界声望值又增加100点也没怎么在意。
The joy of this skill was so good that he heard the system tell him that he didn't care much because the number of people saved in this wave exceeded twenty and the world reputation increased by 100 points.
同一时间，游戏论坛再次爆炸。 At the same time, the gaming forums exploded again.
因为那个隔壁小王他又双叒升级啦！ Because of the little king next door, he has upgraded again!
同一天内连升三级，就问谁人有他牛掰？ On the same day, he was promoted to three levels in a row, and asked who had his bull break?
悬赏王叶游戏下落的人，直接把赏金从一千华夏币提到了三千。
The person who offered the whereabouts of the bounty Wang Ye Game directly raised the bounty from one thousand Huaxia coins to three thousand.
还有人悬赏隔壁小王长什么样，是男是女等个人信息，有截屏照片最好。
There are also people who offer rewards for what Xiao Wang next door looks like, whether he is male or female and other personal information, and it is best to have screenshots.
王叶仍旧什么都不知道，他正忙着跟那些孩子解释，说他们都没有被寄生虫族寄生，但需要吃些普通的打虫药。
Wang Ye still didn't know anything, and he was busy explaining to the children that none of them were parasitized by the parasitic zerg, but they needed to take some ordinary anti-insect medicine.
这些孩子先欢呼，又恐惧，直到王叶跟他们解释清楚他们肚子中的寄生虫和他说的智慧寄生虫族是两码事。
The children cheered and then feared, until Wang Ye explained to them that the parasites in their stomachs were different from the intelligent parasites he had said.
王叶还给了壮少年一把魔弹枪，让他负责保护其他孩童。
Wang Ye also gave the young man a magic bullet gun and put him in charge of protecting the other children.
壮少年激动坏了，抱着魔弹枪，看王叶的眼神闪闪发光。
The strong young man was so excited, holding the magic bullet gun, looking at Wang Ye's eyes shining.
其他小孩则羡慕坏了，全都围在壮少年身边，都想要摸摸魔弹枪。
The other children were envious, and they all gathered around the strong boy, and they all wanted to touch the magic shotgun.
王叶干脆给这些小孩一人发了一个小药包。告诉他们，如果遇到坏人，或者寄生虫啦变异体啦，总之当他们觉得危险时，把药包打开，把里面的药粉对着敌人撒过去，然后撒腿就跑。
Wang Ye simply gave each of these children a small medicine bag. Tell them that if they encounter a bad guy or a parasite mutant, when they feel dangerous, open the packet, throw the powder at the enemy, and run away.
小孩们得到药粉包都很重视，就是最小的孩子都很郑重其事地把药包收好。
The children paid great attention to the medicine powder packets, and even the youngest children put the medicine packets away very solemnly.
穷人的孩子早当家，越是危险的地方，孩子们就越容易早熟。
The children of the poor are in charge of the family early, and the more dangerous the place, the more likely the children are to be precocious.
“你叫什么名字？”壮少年忽然问。 "What's your name?" The strong young man suddenly asked.
“我叫王叶，大王的王，树叶的叶。” "My name is Wang Ye, the king of the great king, the leaf of the leaf."
“我叫……烈苍，烈火的烈，苍天的苍。你要记住我的名字！”壮少年原本没有名字，大家都叫他大壮，但就在刚才少年给自己取了一个名字。
"My name is ...... The scorching firmament, the fierceness of the fire, the firmament of the sky. You have to remember my name! "The young man didn't have a name, everyone called him Da Zhuang, but just now the young man gave himself a name.
少年没说要报答的话，但他知道他将来要做什么了，他也要做一个佣兵，一个救人于危难的厉害佣兵！而加入草木皆兵佣兵队就是他的终极梦想。
The boy didn't say anything to repay, but he knew what he was going to do in the future, he also wanted to be a mercenary, a powerful mercenary who saved people from danger! And joining the mercenary team is his ultimate dream.
烈苍？王叶一个踉跄，差点绊倒。 Blazing Firmament? Wang Ye stumbled and almost tripped over.
这名字可真是……如雷贯耳！ That's a ...... name Thunder!
上辈子，在他进入游戏第五年，这位突然就冒了出来，而且一出来就是初级武宗。
In his previous life, when he entered the fifth year of the game, this one suddenly appeared, and as soon as he came out, he was a junior martial artist.
一位三十岁的武宗，简直震惊世人。 A thirty-year-old martial artist simply shocked the world.
很多人都以为他是某个大家族或者大势力秘密培养的天才，就留着达到武宗级别后才放出来一鸣惊人。
Many people thought that he was a genius secretly cultivated by a big family or a big force, so he kept it until he reached the level of a martial arts sect before he released it to make a splash.
可惜后来有人证实这位年轻的武宗不属于任何势力，还是个大邪魔。
It's a pity that someone later confirmed that this young martial artist did not belong to any force, and was still a big demon.
这位堪称嫉恶如仇，杀人如麻。 This can be called jealous and hateful, murderous like hemp.
嫉恶如仇不是坏事，但嫉恶到偏执的地步，就可怕了，最后被双月星人划到了邪魔那一类。
It's not a bad thing to be jealous and hateful, but when jealousy reaches the point of paranoia, it's terrifying, and in the end, it was classified as a demon by the Twin Moon Star people.
这位也是做了不少超级有名的事，还成了游戏世界相当有名的boss之一。
This has also done a lot of super famous things, and has become one of the most famous bosses in the game world.
如果那个烈苍就是面前这个喊着自己名字的壮实少年，这也太神奇了。同时也说明囚犯岛的人并没有死光，至少烈苍就逃了出去，并有了自己的机缘。
If that Liecang was the sturdy boy in front of him who was shouting his name, it would be amazing. At the same time, it also shows that the people on Prisoner Island did not die, at least Lie Cang escaped and had his own chance.
雷木看王叶扶着墙出来还抹汗的样子直笑，给他送了一杯水。他不能露脸，否则会吓坏那些孩子，只能做后勤支援了。
Lei Mu smiled when he saw Wang Ye coming out holding on to the wall and wiping his sweat, and gave him a glass of water. He can't show his face, otherwise he will frighten the children, and he will have to do logistical support.
“很累吗？” "Are you tired?"
“累毙了。”王叶仰头咕咚咕咚把一杯水都喝了。 "I'm tired." Wang Ye raised his head and drank a glass of water.
这种救人当英雄的事就不适合他做，又繁琐又烦人，太他妈累人了！尤其大家都用期待期盼恳切的眼神看着你。
This kind of thing of saving people as a hero is not suitable for him to do, it is tedious and annoying, and it is so tiring! Especially when everyone looks at you with anticipation, anticipation, and earnestness.
他终于明白为什么A国的英雄电影都只有英雄们救人和杀敌的场景，而没有后期安排恢复民生的场景了，因为救人和对付敌人容易，但安抚群众和做后勤，尤其是牵扯到治疗、赔偿、恢复、再建之类，就是再厉害的英雄见到也想跑。
He finally understood why the hero movies of country A only have scenes where heroes save people and kill the enemy, and there are no scenes to restore people's livelihood in the later stage, because it is easy to save people and deal with the enemy, but to appease the masses and do logistics, especially when it comes to treatment, compensation, restoration, reconstruction, etc., even the heroes want to run when they see it.
雷木看到王叶皱眉的模样，问他：“是不是在愁怎么安排那些被救下来的囚犯矿工，还有孩子？”
Lei Mu saw Wang Ye's frowning appearance and asked him, "Are you worried about how to arrange those rescued prisoners, miners, and children?" ”
王叶不是愁这个，但他还是点头：“是啊。” Wang Ye wasn't worried about this, but he still nodded: "Yes." ”
雷木显然已经考虑过这个问题，当即道：“把他们交给左勤桑兄弟俩看守，给那对兄弟各发一支魔弹枪。到时候也不用送他们去海沟岛了，让他们直接联系锡雨国上面，让锡雨国派人来接手这座岛和活下来的囚犯。”
Lei Mu had obviously thought about this problem, and immediately said: "Give them to the Zuo Qinsang brothers to guard, and give each pair of brothers a magic shotgun." At that time, there is no need to send them to Trench Island, let them contact the Xiyu Country directly, and let the Xiyu Country send someone to take over the island and the surviving prisoners. ”
他们刚刚收的人里面就有监狱看守，那些看守都配备了魔弹枪。不够，他们也可以去取。
Among the people they just took in were the prison guards, and those guards were equipped with magic guns. Not enough, they can also go and pick it up.
雷木告诉王叶为什么这么做的原因：“后面我们肯定还要救下不少囚犯，难道要把这些囚犯都装在你的虫巢里？”
Lei Mu told Wang Ye why he did this: "We will definitely save a lot of prisoners in the future, do you want to put these prisoners in your hive?" ”
王叶：“……”他真就这么想的。现在他的虫巢装不了这么多人，但他马上就能让虫巢进行第三次升级，到时候千把人还是能装得下的。
Wang Ye: "......" he really thinks so. Now his hive can't hold so many people, but he will be able to make the hive upgrade for the third time soon, and a thousand people will still be able to fit it by then.
他的原计划是把感恩村的无辜者都装在虫巢里转去海沟村，囚犯就等到有人来接手囚犯岛时交出去。如果没人来，他就通知佣兵公会来接手。
His original plan was to put all the innocents in Thanksgiving Village in a worm nest and transfer them to Trench Village, and the prisoners would wait until someone came to take over Prisoner Island. If no one comes, he will notify the Mercenary Guild to take over.
佣兵公会对这种“公益”行为还是很积极的。当然，他们跟相关组织势力收起费用也毫不手软。
The Mercenary Guild is still very active in this kind of "public welfare" behavior. Of course, they are not relentless in collecting fees with relevant organizations.
雷木却不想这么利用小叶子的虫巢：“所以我们就需要一个合适的地方关押这些囚犯，还得找人管理他们。看守们都不可信，囚犯自己也很难说，那么唯一可以确定白色的就只剩下左家兄弟。而且左勤榆原本就是看守，让他来看守这些囚犯也天经地义。说不定他们兄弟还能因为这些囚犯得到嘉奖，而不用丧家犬一样逃回去接受审问。”
Lei Mu didn't want to use Xiao Ye's hive like this: "So we need a suitable place to hold these prisoners, and we have to find someone to manage them." The guards are not credible, and the prisoners themselves are difficult to say, so the only ones who can be sure of the white are the Zuo brothers. Moreover, Zuo Qinyu was originally a guard, so it was only natural for him to come and guard these prisoners. Perhaps their brothers will be rewarded for these prisoners instead of having to flee back for interrogation like bereavement dogs. ”
雷木又道：“你问问那对兄弟，他们九成愿意。” Lei Mu said again: "You ask the pair of brothers, they are ninety percent willing. ”
王叶发现雷木考虑的解决方法很当地，细思也极有可行性，当真去问那对兄弟了。
Wang Ye found that the solution Lei Mu considered was very local, and it was very feasible to think about it, so he really asked the pair of brothers.
左家兄弟俩听了这个建议，不但没有排斥，反而大喜，都认为这是他们翻身和立功的机会。
When the Zuo brothers heard this suggestion, they not only did not reject it, but were overjoyed, and they both thought that this was an opportunity for them to turn over and make meritorious contributions.
保住部分囚犯性命，还能看守住他们，不让他们逃掉，这对于看守左勤榆和囚犯左勤桑来说，都是加分项，对他们绝对有好处。尤其王叶和雷木还打算给他们派发魔弹枪，他们就更不用担心了。
Saving the lives of some prisoners, and being able to guard them and prevent them from escaping, is a plus for the guard Zuo Qinyu and the prisoner Zuo Qinsang, and it is definitely good for them. Especially since Wang Ye and Lei Mu also planned to distribute magic bullet guns to them, they didn't have to worry about it.
左勤桑甚至主动提议请一些感恩村的村民也加入看守之列，他表示其中有几个退休的老看守，人品还是值得信任的，另外有几个刑满释放的囚犯，人也很不错。都可以被聘做临时看守。
Zuo Qinsang even took the initiative to invite some villagers from Thanksgiving Village to join the guards, saying that there are several retired old guards who are still trustworthy, and there are also a few prisoners who have been released after completing their sentences, and they are also very good. can be hired as temporary guards.
而且感恩村也需要守卫的力量，保护感恩村人不受寄生虫族的侵袭。
Moreover, the Thanksgiving Village also needs the power of guards to protect the people of the Thanksgiving Village from the invasion of parasites.
毕竟王叶也跟他们说了，寄生虫族本体并不算多强，只要小心点，别直接接触，吃东西时注意些，晚上睡觉也警醒点，三级以下的虫子，普通人手持魔弹枪和火把，绝对能赶开和杀死。
After all, Wang Ye also told them that the parasite insect body is not very strong, as long as you are careful, don't make direct contact, pay attention when eating, and be vigilant when sleeping at night.
如果不是这样，寄生虫族也不会辛辛苦苦地搞觉醒药丸，骗人把虫卵吃下去。
If it weren't for that, the parasite wouldn't have worked hard to make an awakening pill and trick people into eating the eggs.
左勤榆则道：“监狱区不能用的话……感恩村其实有一处地方原本就是当做临时监狱建造的，比感恩村其他建筑都坚固，还是上一代狱长辛加烈所建，就是为了以防万一。现在那处地方变成了感恩村的共同粮仓，但只要略微整修一下，就能当做临时监牢使用。感恩村民也能住进去，必要时那里也能变成保护所。”
Zuo Qinyu said: "If the prison area can't be used...... In fact, there is a place in Thanksgiving Village that was originally built as a temporary prison, which is stronger than other buildings in Thanksgiving Village, and it was built by the previous generation of prison warden Xin Jialie, just in case. Now the place has become the common granary of Thanksgiving Village, but with a little renovation, it can be used as a temporary prison. Thanks to the villagers, they can also live in it, and if necessary, it can also be turned into a shelter. ”
“可以，如果你们觉得合适的话，那就这么做。”王叶也不想大包大揽。
"Yes, if you see fit, then do it." Wang Ye didn't want to take it all over.
最主要的是，王叶已经意识到这座岛上的寄生虫族没那么容易全灭，它们可以寄生鸟类、鱼类，完全可以离开这座岛。
The most important thing is that Wang Ye has realized that the parasites on this island are not so easy to exterminate, they can parasitize birds and fish, and they can completely leave this island.
既然人类以后必然要和寄生虫族共存很长一段时间，那么从现在开始就让他们适应也不是坏事。
Since humans will inevitably have to coexist with parasites for a long time in the future, it is not a bad thing to let them adapt from now on.
左勤榆另外提出，希望能多给他们几把魔弹枪。 Zuo Qinyu also proposed that he hoped to give them a few more magic guns.
这是小问题，王叶和雷木都同意了。 This was a minor issue, and both Wang Ye and Lei Mu agreed.
把这些人全都送到感恩村，等他们建立起初步防线，王叶就对雷木道：“这件事我们两个人搞不定，这里寄生虫族太多了，那只王虫和虫母还不知道是几级，加上监狱长和看守那帮人捣乱，除非我们不计后果，完全不考虑上千的囚犯，以及感恩村和海沟村的人，否则我们必须得增加更多人手。”
Send all these people to Thanksgiving Village, and when they establish a preliminary line of defense, Wang Ye said to Lei Mu: "The two of us can't handle this matter, there are too many parasites here, and the king worm and the worm mother don't know how many levels they are, plus the prison warden and the guards are making trouble, unless we are reckless and don't consider the thousands of prisoners at all, as well as the people of Thanksgiving Village and Trench Village, we must increase more manpower." ”
如果这就是一个游戏，这些人都只是数据，他根本不会考虑这些问题，也不用他考虑。
If this were a game, and these people were just data, he wouldn't think about them at all, and he wouldn't have to think about them.
“通知佣兵公会过来吧。你去，我留下。我有虫巢，方便探查和躲避。你速度快，可以抢一艘小船，去海草岛报信。”
"Tell the Mercenary Guild to come over. You go, I'll stay. I have a hive for easy detection and evasion. You are fast, you can grab a small boat and go to Seagrass Island to report the news. ”
雷木早就有这个打算，他也没和王叶争抢：“行，我去通知。你这边一切小心，先保住自己，其他再说。”
Lei Mu had already had this plan, and he didn't compete with Wang Ye: "Okay, I'll go and inform." Be careful on your side, protect yourself first, and then talk about the rest. ”
“你也是。不要暴露你的脸，穿件有帽子的大袍子，把自己包起来。”
"You too. Don't expose your face, wear a big hat and wrap yourself up. ”
雷木笑，他当然会遮掩好自己的外貌。 Lei Mu smiled, of course he would hide his appearance.
“对了，这是寄生虫卵药丸，可以作为证据给海草村那边的佣兵公会站点负责人看。这些药丸里的虫卵已经被我杀死，不用担心。”
"By the way, this is a parasite egg pill, which can be used as evidence to show the site leader of the Mercenary Guild over there in Seagrass Village. The eggs in these pills have been killed by me, don't worry. ”
王叶把雷木悄悄送到村外，两人偷了一艘四人乘坐的小船。
Wang Ye quietly sent Lei Mu outside the village, and the two stole a small boat for four people.
这会儿看守们也很乱，码头都没什么人看守。 The guards are also very chaotic at this time, and the docks are not guarded.
雷木离开，也没人发现。就算有人发现，这时也顾不得了。
Raimu left, and no one noticed. Even if someone finds out, they can't care about it at this time.
监狱长辛格尔这会儿正在考虑要不要离开囚犯岛，找人想办法去除掉身体里的寄生虫卵。
Prison Warden Singal is now considering whether to leave Prisoner's Island and find someone to find a way to remove the parasite eggs from his body.
当他产生这个念头后，这个念头就越来越强烈。 When he had this thought, it became stronger and stronger.
监狱长光顾着考虑怎么自救的问题，都没有注意到自从他回到办公区，已经很久没有看守来向他汇报任何事情。
The warden was thinking about how to save himself, but he didn't notice that it had been a long time since he had returned to the office to report anything to him.
明明之前监狱区因为小纸条和发现斯文男尸体的事，闹得纷纷扬扬。
Obviously, the prison area was in a lot of trouble because of the small note and the discovery of Sven Nan's body.
监狱区忽然就安静了下来。 The prison area suddenly fell silent.
像极了暴风雨之前的平静。 It's like the calm before a storm.
寄生虫族损失巨大，它们现在可动用的变异体和寄生虫都不多，包括虫卵都没多少了。
The parasites have suffered a huge loss, and they now have not many mutants and parasites at their disposal, including not many eggs.
王虫给所有母虫下了命令，让它们尽快生育更多更强壮的虫卵。
The king worm gave orders to all the females to give birth to more and stronger eggs as soon as possible.
同时王虫也给剩下的还活着的变异体下令，让它们暂时蛰伏，不要给敌人发现，更不要回到虫巢，以免被敌人跟踪。
At the same time, the king worm also ordered the remaining living mutants to lie dormant temporarily, not to be discovered by the enemy, and not to return to the hive, so as not to be followed by the enemy.
王叶这时在干什么呢？ What is Wang Ye doing at this time?
他再次操纵虫巢进入了监狱区，他不知道王虫和虫母躲在哪里，也不想费心去找。
He manipulated the hive into the prison area again, he didn't know where the king worm and the worm mother were hiding, and he didn't want to bother looking for it.
他就一个个消灭可以看得见、找得到的寄生虫和变异体。
One by one, he destroys the parasites and mutants that can be seen and found.
寄生虫们这时还不知道，他能清楚分辨寄生虫族和其他生物的精神波动区别，不管那些变异体和寄生虫们再如何善于伪装、再如何蛰伏，只要它们还在那里，在他眼里就跟火把一样明亮。
The parasites didn't know at this time, he could clearly distinguish the difference between the mental fluctuations of the parasites and other creatures, no matter how good the mutants and parasites were, no matter how good they were at camouflaging and hibernating, as long as they were still there, they would be as bright as torches in his eyes.
第83章 外逃、鬼屋和发帖 Chapter 83: Escape, Haunted House, and Posting
监狱里的人表面安静，内里鼓噪，他们与外界隔离，却又对外界的反应十分敏锐。
The people in prison are quiet on the outside and noisy on the inside, isolated from the outside world, but very responsive to the outside world.
囚犯们觉得外面肯定发生什么事了。 The prisoners felt that something must be going on outside.
因为那些平时要么血腥、要么残忍、要么致力于报复的某些变异者们忽然变得老实起来，就好像他们对平日喜欢的活动突然失去了兴趣。
Because some of the mutants who are usually either bloody, cruel, or dedicated to revenge suddenly become honest, as if they had suddenly lost interest in the activities they enjoyed on a daily basis.
还有一些监狱里的大人物，他们开始主动约束手下，让他们不要发生纠纷，并让所有人必须结伴同行，不要分开，晚上睡觉也要有人轮番站岗。
There were also some big men in the prison, who began to take the initiative to restrain their subordinates so that they would not have disputes, and that everyone had to walk together, not apart, and that someone should take turns to stand guard at night.
一间多人牢房内，负责值夜的囚犯眼睁睁地看着睡在下铺的囚犯突然消失，他捂住自己的嘴，避免发出声音，惊动那看不见的鬼。
In a multi-person cell, the prisoner in charge of the night watch as the prisoner sleeping on the lower bunk suddenly disappeared, and he covered his mouth to avoid making a sound that would alarm the invisible ghost.
牢房内也有其他人没有睡着，他们有的要么紧闭着眼睛，当不知道发生了什么事，要么就也同样紧闭嘴巴。
There were also other people in the cell who were not asleep, and some of them either closed their eyes tightly and did not know what was happening, or they just kept their mouths shut.
正在巡逻的看守忽然发现同伴少了两人，正要大叫，却被同伴迅速制止。
The guard, who was patrolling, suddenly noticed that his companion was missing two people, and was about to scream, but was quickly stopped by his companion.
看守眼里满是惊恐，他想问为什么、是什么。却见同行的老看守从地上捡起一张纸，递给同伴。
The guard's eyes were full of horror, and he wanted to ask why, what. But he saw the old guard pick up a piece of paper from the ground and hand it to his companion.
看守打开来看，就看跟白天同样的小纸条上写着：今晚突然消失的人都是被寄生虫寄生的人。回来的人，寄生虫已除。
When the guard opened it, he saw that the same small note as during the day read: "The people who suddenly disappeared tonight are all parasitic people." Those who have returned, the parasites have been removed.
巡逻的看守们特意注意每个牢房，就发现有的牢房突然空了一张床，也有的是两张。单人牢房中少的人最多，这些能住单人牢房的要么是重犯，要么就是不好惹，要么就比较有钱有势。绝大多数变异者都能拥有自己的单人牢房。
The guards on patrol paid special attention to each cell, and found that the existing cells were suddenly empty with one bed, and some were empty. There are the fewest number of people in solitary cells, and those who can live in solitary cells are either repeat offenders, or they are not easy to mess with, or they are relatively rich and powerful. The vast majority of mutants are able to have their own solitary cells.
王叶在监狱中转了一圈，发现一个处理一个，已经没有自我意识的直接交给虫巢吸收，还能挽救的就救回来再扔回去。
Wang Ye walked around the prison and found that one by one was disposed of, and those who no longer had self-consciousness were directly handed over to the insect hive to absorb, and those who could be saved were rescued and thrown back.
连女囚营在内，整个监狱他发现被寄生的人类并不超过五十人，这其中还有大部分是今天才被寄生。
Including the women's prison camp, he found that there were no more than 50 human beings parasitized in the entire prison, and most of them were parasitized today.
且最高等级只有二级，似乎三级以上的都消失了。 And the highest level is only level two, and it seems that everything above level three has disappeared.
最后，王叶去了看守区，把看守中被感染的也处理了。 In the end, Wang Ye went to the detention area and dealt with the infected ones in the guard.
他原本想找监狱长，结果发现监狱长竟然不在办公室，可能回去自己的住处了？
He originally wanted to find the warden, but it turned out that the warden was not in the office, maybe he went back to his residence?
王叶对这个监狱长没什么好感，但他不想寄生虫一个传一个，就又去了监狱区外面的看守宿舍，顺便也去了监狱长那座小别墅。
Wang Ye didn't have a good impression of this prison warden, but he didn't want the parasites to be passed on one by one, so he went to the guard's dormitory outside the prison area, and by the way, he also went to the prison warden's small villa.
谁想到监狱长竟然不在，包括黎家人也不见人影。 Who would have thought that the prison director would not be there, including the Li family.
王叶极目远眺，还能看到海面上隐约有一艘大船，上面还挂了灯。
Wang Ye looked into the distance, and could see a big ship looming on the sea, with a lamp hanging on it.
王叶猜测监狱长很可能是乘坐黎家人的船只，跟着黎家人一起离开了。
Wang Ye guessed that the prison warden was likely to take the Li family's boat and left with the Li family.
虫巢虽然能飞行，但碍于他这个主人，速度很慢，如果他能量不继，虫巢就会掉到海里。这也是他让雷木去海草岛报信，而不是他去的原因。
Although the hive can fly, it is very slow because of his master, and if he does not have energy, the hive will fall into the sea. This is also the reason why he asked Thunderwood to go to Seagrass Island to report the news, instead of him going.
王叶看他不可能再赶上那艘船，只能叹了口气。 Wang Ye could only sigh when he saw that it was impossible for him to catch up with that ship again.
他明明可以救下某些人，但……可能这就是命吧。现在不但这些人自己要倒霉，还把寄生虫族给带出去了。
He could have saved some people, but ...... Maybe that's fate. Now not only are these people going to be unlucky, but they have also brought the parasites out.
船上，监狱长辛格尔看着远去的囚犯岛，心中有庆幸，也有几分沉重。
On the boat, Singhal, the prison warden, looked at the prisoner island in the distance, and his heart was a little happy, but also a little heavy.
他最终还是选择离开了这座岛屿，回去求救。 Eventually, he chose to leave the island and go back for help.
他到底不想死，如果有可能，谁不想活着呢？ He didn't want to die, and who wouldn't want to live if it was possible?
他也不想被那个变异体尤金威胁，回家找人求助是他唯一的路。
He also didn't want to be threatened by the mutant Eugene, and going home to someone for help was the only way for him.
至于他离开后囚犯岛会变成什么样，他暂时想不了那么多。他也没跟任何看守做交代，因为他不知道哪些人被寄生、哪些人没有被寄生。
As for what will become of Prisoner Island after he leaves, he can't think about it that much for the time being. He didn't give an account to any of the guards, because he didn't know who was parasitized and who wasn't.
幸好黎家的大船就在港湾里，船上水手全都在，随时都能走。
Fortunately, the Li family's big ship is in the harbor, and all the sailors on board are there and can leave at any time.
他只不过跟黎家管事略微提了一下，如果对方愿意“顺路”送他回锡雨国王城，他愿意加大觉醒药丸的供应量，黎家管事就毫不犹豫地同意在晚上出发，甚至没有询问他为什么这么急着走。
He only mentioned it slightly to the Li family steward, if the other party was willing to send him back to Xiyu King City "by the way", he was willing to increase the supply of awakening pills, and the Li family steward agreed to set off at night without hesitation, without even asking him why he was in such a hurry to leave.
其实黎家管事只要不蠢，看他这个监狱长这么匆忙地离开这座岛，就应该知道岛上有紧急事情发生。他提议跟黎家的船一起离开，说不定还正中黎家管事下怀。
In fact, as long as the Li family steward is not stupid, seeing that he, the prison warden, left the island in such a hurry, he should know that there is an emergency on the island. He proposed to leave with the Li family's ship, maybe he was in the hands of the Li family's steward.
就是可惜了辛加烈，没想到他可怜的兄长早就没了。 It's a pity for Singari, I didn't expect his poor brother to be gone a long time ago.
想到二十年来，被他信任的辛加烈竟然是一只寄生虫，监狱长就又想吐了。
Thinking that for twenty years, Singari, whom he trusted, turned out to be a parasite, and the warden wanted to vomit again.
王叶没看到站在船头甲板上的监狱长，但他忽然感觉到似乎有谁在看他，倏然转身。
Wang Ye didn't see the warden standing on the bow deck of the ship, but he suddenly felt as if someone was watching him, and turned around abruptly.
对方没有消失，就站在一块巨大的黑色海岩上。猎猎海风吹起他的衣角，月光略微照亮他的面孔，方正威严，很有气势。
The other party did not disappear, but stood on a huge black sea rock. The hunting sea breeze blew the corners of his clothes, and the moonlight slightly illuminated his face, square and majestic, very imposing.
那人对他点了点头，继续远眺远离的船只。 The man nodded to him and continued to look at the distant ships.
王叶猜不出对方身份，正要过去，那人却跳下岩石三两下就跑不见了人影。
Wang Ye couldn't guess the identity of the other party, and was about to go over, but the man jumped off the rock three or two times and ran away.
看守？ Watchman?
变异体？ Mutants?
王叶皱皱眉，见附近环境还算安全，把那只二级魔兽海龟和青狼都放了出来。
Wang Ye frowned, and seeing that the surrounding environment was quite safe, he released the second-level demonic beast turtle and the green wolf.
棱背海龟爬进海水里，还回头看了看他。 The turtle climbed into the water and looked back at him.
王叶对它摆摆手，下次看到说不定就要把你当食物了。 Wang Ye waved his hand at it, and the next time he saw it, he might treat you as food.
青狼智商较低，一看到了野外，再看王叶没有阻止的意思，撒腿就跑。
The green wolf has a low IQ, and as soon as he saw the wild, and then saw that Wang Ye had no intention of stopping it, he ran away.
王叶没有再进入虫巢，而是溜溜达达地往回走。他在试图引诱寄生虫族或变异体攻击他。
Wang Ye did not enter the hive again, but walked back in a hurry. He's trying to lure parasites or mutants into attacking him.
表面看，他似乎什么防备都没有，实际上他已经施展【因果循环】，用因果之力撑起了一个贴身保护罩。
On the surface, he didn't seem to have any defense, but in fact, he had cast the [Cause and Effect Loop] and used the power of cause and effect to prop up a close protective shield.
可一直到他回到监狱区外围，也没有谁攻击他。 But until he returned to the periphery of the prison area, no one attacked him.
王叶继续往感恩村那边走。他还以为王虫会派出变异体大军攻击他。没有大军，几十上百总有吧？结果什么都没有。
Wang Ye continued to walk towards Thanksgiving Village. He also thought that the king worm would send an army of mutants to attack him. There is no army, there are always dozens or hundreds, right? It turned out to be nothing.
他杀了那么多变异体，寄生虫族那边也没什么反应。 He'd killed so many mutants, and the parasites didn't react much.
怪异，太怪异了！ Weird, so weird!
他以为寄生虫很多，很难对付，可事实上寄生虫族的发展似乎并不算特别快速？
He thought that there were many parasites and it was difficult to deal with, but in fact, the development of parasites did not seem to be particularly fast?
为什么呢？ Why?
明明他上辈子印象中的寄生虫族是那么能生、那么强大，寄生生物也特别容易。
Obviously, the parasite in his previous life was so capable and powerful, and the parasite was also very easy.
为什么这一世的寄生虫族却给他弱弱的感觉？就连寄生速度都很慢。
Why did the parasitic Zerg in this life give him a weak feeling? Even parasitism is slow.
好吧，这一世他一进入游戏就掌握了因果之力技能树，还找到了虫巢，又有雷木帮忙，让他能越级挑战。
Well, in this life, as soon as he entered the game, he mastered the power of cause and effect skill tree, and also found the hive, and with the help of Lei Mu, he was able to skip the level challenge.
但撇除这三个原因，寄生虫族也比他印象中弱了许多。 But aside from these three reasons, the parasite is also much weaker than he remembers.
也许和时间有关？ Maybe it has something to do with time?
王叶眼睛一亮，越想越觉得有可能。 Wang Ye's eyes lit up, and the more he thought about it, the more he felt that it was possible.
这些寄生虫族来源不明，它们诞生、孵化和成长应该也很需要时间。
The origin of these parasites is unknown, and it should also take time for them to be born, hatch, and grow.
说不定它们还需要时间改造自身来适应这个世界的环境。
Maybe they will need time to adapt themselves to the environment of this world.
王叶会这么想，也是因为据他了解的双月星历史上并没有发生过寄生虫灾难，也就是说这些智慧寄生虫族要么就是从某个秘境里出来，要么就是天外来客。
Wang Ye would think so, also because as far as he knew, there had been no parasite disasters in the history of the Twin Moon Stars, which meant that these intelligent parasitic insects either came out of a certain secret realm, or they were visitors from outside the sky.
假设智慧寄生虫族不是双月星本土生命，它们又有着体质上的弱点，那么初期它们就必定需要相当漫长的时间来适应这个世界的环境，并修正或者说进化自己的基因。
Assuming that the intelligent parasites are not native to the Twin Moon Stars, and that they have physical weaknesses, it must take a long time for them to adapt to the environment of this world and correct or evolve their genes at the beginning.
那么会不会直到今天为止，寄生虫族才刚刚适应这个世界，也才刚刚进化出一些适合这个世界生物的寄生虫卵？
So could it be that until today, the parasites have just adapted to this world, and have just evolved some parasite eggs that are suitable for the creatures of this world?
这是非常有可能的，因为他在这座岛上见到的最厉害的变异体也才只有三级。那些传说中非常厉害的战虫和母虫变异体更都还在培养中，结果就在孵化期间被他一锅端了。
This is very likely, as the most powerful mutant he has ever seen on this island is only level three. Those legendary very powerful war bugs and mother worm mutants are still in cultivation, and they were served by him during the hatching period.
那个智虫尤金之前也跟监狱长说，它们正在研究新的寄生虫品种。
Eugene, the sapient worm, had previously told the warden that they were working on new species of parasites.
如此这些都可以证明这些寄生虫族才刚刚开始发展，现在不是它们最弱的时候，但绝对要比六年后弱很多。
All of this proves that these parasites are just beginning to develop, and now is not the time for them to be weakest, but definitely much weaker than in six years.
王叶越发觉得这些寄生虫族就像传染病病毒，初期很弱，可只要你忽略它、没彻底消灭它，它就在你看不到的地方悄悄蔓延，如果这时能及时发现并遏制还好，可如果发现的人依旧不当回事，或者没有适当的处理方法，那么当它产生一定规模，它就开始了指数级的升级和发展之路，当它的规模大到世界性质，甚至还会出现跳跃式地进化，变得更难消灭。
Wang Ye feels more and more that these parasitic insects are like infectious viruses, which are very weak in the early stage, but as long as you ignore it and do not completely eliminate it, it will spread quietly in places you can't see, if it can be detected and contained in time at this time, it is fine, but if the people who find it still do not take it seriously, or there is no proper way to deal with it, then when it produces a certain scale, it begins the road of exponential upgrading and development, and when its scale is large to the nature of the world, it will even evolve by leaps and bounds, becoming more difficult to eliminate.
上辈子寄生虫族就是在初期被忽略了，等到它们爆发开来，双月星人和玩家们虽然已经很努力地消灭这些寄生虫族和变异体，但总是道高一尺魔高一丈，寄生虫族不但像是除不尽一样，还不断出现能力极为可怕的强者，王虫的实力更是不断翻倍。
In the previous life, the parasitic zerg was ignored in the early stage, and when they broke out, although the Twin Moon Star people and players have worked very hard to eliminate these parasites and mutants, they are always one foot higher than the devil, and the parasitic zerg not only seems to be inexhaustible, but also constantly appears strong people with extremely terrifying abilities, and the strength of the king worm is constantly doubled.
而王虫越强，虫巢越强。虫巢和王虫越强，培育出的寄生虫族就越发强大。庞大的寄生虫族再集中回馈虫王，如此就形成了良性循环。
And the stronger the king worm, the stronger the nest. The stronger the hive and king worm, the more powerful the parasitic clan will become. The huge parasitic Zerg then concentrated on giving back to the Worm King, thus forming a virtuous circle.
不行！绝对不能让寄生虫族发展起来，得在初期就揍扁它们。
No way! The parasites must not be allowed to develop, and they must be flattened at an early stage.
王叶原本还觉得消灭寄生虫族不是现在的事，现在的玩家都还很弱，想着不如等玩家们都达到五六十级以后再来考虑对付寄生虫族。
Wang Ye originally thought that the elimination of the parasitic clan was not a matter of now, and the current players were still very weak, so he thought that it would be better to wait until the players reached level fifty or sixty before considering dealing with the parasitic clan.
但现在王叶不这么想了。 But now Wang Ye doesn't think so.
趁他病要他命！同理，趁他弱小当然要赶紧消灭。 Take advantage of his illness to kill him! In the same way, while he is weak, of course, he must be eliminated quickly.
现在玩家是很弱，但寄生虫族同样不强。 Now the player is very weak, but the parasite is also not strong.
就像他告诉感恩村人的一样，三级以下寄生虫本体其实很好对付，只要足够小心，杀死也不是难事。
Just like he told the people of Thanksgiving Village, the parasite body below the third level is actually very easy to deal with, as long as you are careful enough, it is not difficult to kill.
寄生虫最大的威胁就是它们能寄生更强大的存在，这些生物还会被寄生虫族改变成可怕的变异生物。
The biggest threat to parasites is that they can parasitize more powerful beings, and these creatures can be transformed into terrifying mutated creatures by the parasites.
变异生物可比寄生虫本体难对付得多。 Mutated creatures can be much more difficult to deal with than parasites themselves.
玩家不强，但他们有一样双月星本土人绝对比不上的绝活，那就是不断复生。
The players are not strong, but they have one unique skill that the natives of the Twin Moon Star can never match, and that is the constant resurrection.
而且地球那么多玩家，其中头脑比他好、身体比他强壮、技能比他强的不知凡几，就算现在大家等级都很低，也还没有掌握什么技能，但这是全息游戏，万事皆有可能，玩家们完全能把现实中学到的知识在这个游戏世界利用起来。
And there are so many players on the earth, among them who have a better mind than him, a stronger body than him, and a few stronger skills than him, even if everyone is very low now, they haven't mastered any skills, but this is a holographic game, everything is possible, and players can fully use the knowledge learned in reality in this game world.
当玩家们在游戏中发明了热武器，还怕他们对付不了低级寄生虫族和低级变异体吗？
When players invent thermal weapons in the game, are they afraid that they won't be able to deal with low-level parasites and low-level mutants?
再说玩家还有一样对付寄生虫族的最大作弊器——游戏系统可以帮助处理被寄生的游戏身体。
In addition, players have one of the biggest cheats against parasites - the game system can help deal with the parasitic game body.
换言之，玩家被寄生了，游戏判定玩家的意识即将危险，立刻就会判定玩家精神死亡，把玩家的精神体给扔回地球，再把被寄生的游戏身体进行回收。
In other words, if the player is parasitized, the game determines that the player's consciousness is about to be in danger, and immediately determines that the player's spirit is dead, throws the player's spirit back to Earth, and then recovers the parasitic game body.
游戏系统把游戏身体回收了，相当于也就把寄生在游戏身体里的寄生虫给杀死了。
The game system recycles the game body, which is equivalent to killing the parasites that live in the game body.
等到玩家下次上线，获得的就是一具崭新的新身体。 The next time a player goes online, they get a new body.
只不过系统帮助处理变异尸体和赋予一具新游戏身体都需要花费不少能量，这大概也是玩家死亡惩罚比较重的原因？
It's just that it takes a lot of energy for the system to help deal with mutant corpses and give a new game body, which is probably the reason why the player's death penalty is heavier?
不管如何，他应该更相信玩家的力量。 Either way, he should believe more in the power of the player.
王叶正要打开游戏界面，就听到身边吱呀一声。 Wang Ye was about to open the game interface when he heard a squeak around him.
王叶下意识朝声音传来的方向看去，就见路边一座小屋打开了门。
Wang Ye subconsciously looked in the direction where the voice came from, and saw a hut on the side of the road open the door.
屋内黑漆漆的，木门向外敞开着，月光只射到门里大约半米左右，里面就一片黑。
The inside of the house was pitch black, the wooden door was open to the outside, and the moonlight only hit about half a meter into the door, and it was dark inside.
也不知道是不是心理作用，王叶总觉得在月光照射不到的门里，有什么正站在那里，看着他，等待他进入小屋。
I don't know if it's a psychological effect, Wang Ye always felt that in the door where the moonlight couldn't shine, something was standing there, looking at him, waiting for him to enter the hut.
当我是傻子吗？王叶扭头，假装自己什么都没看到。 When am I a fool? Wang Ye turned his head and pretended that he hadn't seen anything.
他是有好奇心，但这种明显像是陷阱的套路，他要是一脚跨进去，那他也白重生了。
He was curious, but this kind of routine was obviously like a trap, and if he stepped into it, he would be reborn in vain.
一声幽幽的叹息响起。 A faint sigh rang out.
王叶鸡皮疙瘩都冒了起来，不是害怕，而是那叹息声太幽怨了，堪比深闺怨妇，就好像他王叶是个超级负心汉，负了对方三生三世一样。
Wang Ye's goosebumps rose, not because he was afraid, but because the sigh was too resentful, comparable to a deep resentful woman, as if he Wang Ye was a super negative man who had lost the other party's three lives.
王叶拔腿就跑，他不跟鬼玩。他用精神力探索过了，那里面没有寄生虫，也没有任何活物！
Wang Ye ran away, he didn't play with ghosts. He had explored it with his mental powers, and there were no parasites or living creatures in it!
在感恩村转悠一圈，寄生虫和变异体都没冒出来。王叶看着地上只有一条的影子，忽然就特别想念雷木。
Walking around the Thanksgiving Village, parasites and mutants have not emerged. Wang Ye looked at the shadow on the ground, and suddenly missed Lei Mu very much.
雷木似乎感觉到了他的心情，隐约传来了安抚之意。 Reimu seemed to sense his mood, and there was a faint sense of reassurance.
反正王叶就这么认为，这让他乐开了花。 Anyway, Wang Ye thought so, which made him happy.
可惜不能和木木即时通讯，只能感觉到对方现在很安全，心情也很平静。
It's a pity that I can't communicate with Mu Mu instantly, and I can only feel that the other party is safe now and my mood is very calm.
心情变好的王叶继续刚才的打算，打开游戏界面，找到任务发布选项。
Wang Ye, who was in a better mood, continued what he had just planned, opened the game interface, and found the task release option.
任务发布有三种，面向少数特定玩家，面向某一区域的所有玩家，以及面向全游戏世界。
There are three types of mission postings, for a small number of specific players, for all players in a certain area, and for the entire game world.
王叶先看面向全游戏世界的任务发布说明。 Wang Ye first looked at the mission release notes for the whole game world.
想要面向全游戏世界发布任务，有两个要求，必须满足其中之一。
In order to publish a mission to the entire game world, there are two requirements, one of which must be met.
要么花费十万点的经验值，任务内容还要被游戏系统审核，审核通过才能正式发布，而不论审核通过还是不通过，他花费的十万点经验值都不退。
Either spend 100,000 experience points, and the task content must be reviewed by the game system, and the review can only be officially released, and regardless of whether the review is passed or not, the 100,000 experience points he spent will not be refunded.
要么，他的世界声望值达到一万。如果世界声望值达到一万，他发布任务不需要花费任何经验值，虽然任务内容同样需要游戏系统审核。
Or, his world reputation reaches 10,000. If the World Fame reaches 10,000, it does not cost any XP to post a quest, although the quest content will also need to be reviewed by the game system.
这两个要求，他目前都无法达到。 Neither of these requirements can be met by him at the moment.
王叶再看面向某一区域，他现在可以选择的区域是他曾经去过的三个地方：海沟岛、海草村和囚犯岛。
Wang Ye looked at a certain area again, and the areas he could choose now were the three places he had been to: Trench Island, Seagrass Village, and Prisoner Island.
区域任务发布要求没那么高，只要花费一万点经验值或者世界声望值达到一千。
Regional quests are less requirementary, as long as you spend 10,000 XP or reach 1,000 World Fame.
他现在的世界声望值已经达到一千六，可以免费发布区域性任务。
He now has 1,060 World Reputation and can post regional quests for free.
可王叶考虑再三，还是放弃了发布区域性任务的想法。 But Wang Ye thought about it again and again, and still gave up the idea of releasing regional tasks.
他希望寄生虫族的事能让全游戏世界知道，而不是只通知某一小片区域的玩家，而且囚犯岛这边有他在，海草村和海沟村并没有寄生虫族出现，就算有也极少，这种任务发布了也没意义。
He hopes that the whole game world will know about the parasite, instead of only notifying players in a small area, and there is him on Prisoner Island, and there are no parasites in Seagrass Village and Trench Village, and even if there are, there are very few, and there is no point in releasing this kind of task.
玩家花费大量时间寻找寄生虫族，结果一只都找不到，他们肯定就不想玩了，以后看到类似任务也会不想接。
Players spend a lot of time looking for parasites, but they can't find any of them, and they definitely don't want to play, and they won't want to take on similar tasks in the future.
让玩家来囚犯岛？ Let the player come to Prisoner Island?
可囚犯岛不是新手村范围，新玩家们在没有达到一定级别以前，通过正常途径，根本无法达到囚犯岛。所有船只都会拒绝他们。
However, Prisoner Island is not within the scope of the novice village, and new players will not be able to reach Prisoner Island at all through normal channels until they reach a certain level. All ships will refuse them.
除非有玩家能偷到或自己制作船只，然后自己能认识海图，还要会在海中操纵船只，然后还要能幸运地找到囚犯岛，最后还要能通过囚犯岛看守的允许才能真正登上岛。
Unless a player can steal or make their own boats, then they can know the charts, they will be able to steer the ship in the sea, and then they will be lucky enough to find Prisoner Island, and finally they will be able to actually land on the island with the permission of the Prisoner Island Warden.
还有什么方法能通知全世界玩家，却又不用这么麻烦呢？
What other way to notify players around the world without having to go through the hassle?
对了，游戏论坛！ That's right, the game forum!
王叶终于想到了这么一个地方，游戏论坛，他上辈子用得不少，他很多攻略都是从论坛中查找出来。
Wang Ye finally thought of such a place, the game forum, which he had used a lot in his previous life, and many of his strategies were found from the forum.
游戏中也可以直接打开游戏论坛。 You can also open the game forum directly in the game.
王叶先看邮箱，想看看他姑有没有给他发信息，结果刚把邮箱打开，就看邮箱上明晃晃的999大红字提醒。
Wang Ye looked at the mailbox first, wanting to see if his aunt had sent him a message, but as soon as he opened the mailbox, he saw the bright 999 red letter reminder on the mailbox.
王叶懊恼，他在进入游戏收到第一封骚扰信件后，就设定非朋友信件无需特别通知。他在游戏中也没有其他朋友，他想着他姑在卖掉彩珠前九成九不会买游戏头盔，他也就没有天天查看邮箱。
Wang Ye was annoyed that after he received the first harassing letter after entering the game, he set up a non-friend letter without special notice. He didn't have any other friends in the game, and he thought that his aunt wouldn't buy a game helmet until he sold the beads, so he didn't check his email every day.
谁想，他竟然收到这么多邮件？ Who would have thought that he would receive so many emails?
他姑会不会已经开始游戏，并给他发了多封邮件？ Could his aunt have started the game and sent him multiple emails?
王叶忙查看所有未读邮件。 Wang Ye was busy checking all the unread emails.
因为不知道哪一封是他姑姑发的，他只能每一封都看。 Because he didn't know which one was sent by his aunt, he could only read every one.
一封点开，再点开一封…… Click on one and click on another ......
王叶的脸色越来越阴沉。 Wang Ye's face became more and more gloomy.
全都是无聊骚扰邮件，从国内到国外都有，游戏的翻译功让全球通成为现实。
It's all boring and harassing emails, from home to abroad, and the game's translation capabilities make Global Communication a reality.
有要认识他的，有要和他组队的，有询问他在哪个新手村玩任务的，还有想要跟他现实奔现的……
There are those who want to get to know him, those who want to team up with him, those who ask him which novice village he is playing tasks in, and those who want to be realistic with him......
以上这些邮件都还好说，更多邮件竟然是质问他为什么升级那么快，问他是不是作弊了，还有人问他开了什么挂，这个挂在哪里能下载，需要多少钱，让他直接报价……什么人都有。
The above emails are okay to say, and more emails are asking him why he upgraded so quickly, asking him if he was cheating, and some people asked him what he opened, where can this hook be downloaded, how much money is needed, and let him quote directly...... Everybody.
最可恨的是张口就骂人的邮件，那措辞和激烈语气，就跟他杀了对方全家一样。
The most hateful thing is the scolding email, the wording and fierce tone, as if he killed the other party's whole family.
“妈的，脑残！” "Damn, brain-dead!"
王叶忍着怒火把所有邮件全都草草看了一遍，没有一封是他姑姑的。
Wang Ye endured his anger and read all the emails hastily, and none of them belonged to his aunt.
王叶一键删除所有邮件，重新给邮箱做了设定，只接受朋友发的邮件，而目前他的朋友列表是零。
Wang Ye deleted all emails with one click, and re-set the mailbox to only accept emails from friends, and his friend list is currently zero.
王叶皱眉，为什么会有这么多陌生人给他发邮件，他上辈子变成大佬以后也没这样的“盛况”。
Wang Ye frowned, why did so many strangers send him emails, he didn't have such a "grand occasion" since he became a big guy in his previous life.
想到邮件中那么多人质问他为什么升级那么快，王叶啊了一声。
Thinking of so many people in the email asking him why he had upgraded so quickly, Wang Ye sighed.
点击论坛首页，王叶就看到首页右侧方挂着的明晃晃的玩家等级排行榜。
Click on the homepage of the forum, and Wang Ye will see the bright and dazzling player level leaderboard hanging on the right side of the homepage.
隔壁小王，这个大名赫然挂在第一位，而且是唯一的十级。
Xiao Wang next door, this big name hangs in the first place, and it is the only level ten.
第二名才四级。 The second place is only level four.
很好，他把这个排行榜忘了个一干二净。 It's good that he's forgotten all about this leaderboard.
上辈子游戏内大佬那么多，到后期更是许多人都达到最高的九十九级，这个玩家等级排行榜早就失去意义，根本没人看，首页也换成了玩家财富榜和玩家高手排行榜。
In the previous life, there were so many bigwigs in the game, and in the later stage, many people reached the highest ninety-nine level, and this player level ranking has long lost its meaning, no one reads it at all, and the homepage has also been replaced with the player wealth list and the player master ranking.
他上辈子在游戏中也算搂了不少钱，但远远没有达到上首页玩家财富榜的程度，至于高手榜，在游戏系统询问要不要公开他的游戏ID时，他选择了隐藏。
He also made a lot of money in the game in his previous life, but it was far from the level of being on the homepage player wealth list, and as for the master list, when the game system asked if he wanted to disclose his game ID, he chose to hide.
游戏系统没询问，他就忘了设置这点。王叶当即选择隐藏一切榜单中他的游戏ID，这样后面也不怕有什么疏漏了。
The game system didn't ask, and he forgot to set it. Wang Ye immediately chose to hide his game ID in all the lists, so that he would not be afraid of any omissions in the future.
但他现在已经挂在等级榜第一位，在其他玩家等级没有赶上来之前，恐怕很长时间内，大家都会知道那个挂在首位的无名氏就是他。
But now he is at the top of the rank list, and before the other players catch up, I'm afraid that for a long time, everyone will know that the anonymous person who hangs at the top is him.
唉，他明明是个很低调的人，一点都不想引人注目。尤其这个排行榜还不能给他带来任何好处，只会给他带来麻烦。
Alas, he was obviously a very low-key person, and he didn't want to be noticeable at all. Especially since this ranking will not bring him any good, it will only cause him trouble.
如果他要建立帮会，凭借这个名气倒是可以一呼百应了，但问题是他压根就没打算建立帮会，也不想参加任何帮会。
If he wanted to start a gang, he would be able to rely on this fame, but the problem was that he didn't plan to start a gang at all, and he didn't want to join any gang.
幸好他身上没有玩家标记，幸好他给弹珠那三个玩家发布任务时，选择隐藏了自己的游戏ID，用的是海草村一顽童的名义。
Luckily, he didn't have a player tag on him, and luckily he chose to hide his game ID when he posted the quest to the three Pinball players, using the name of a naughty boy in Seagrass Village.
那么只要他不跟别人说他的游戏ID，他在短时间内就不会暴露身份。
Then as long as he doesn't tell others about his game ID, he won't reveal his identity in a short period of time.
嗯，等以后姑姑进了游戏，他一定要再一遍叮嘱对方千万不要跟人说认识他，也不能说他的游戏ID。
Well, when my aunt enters the game in the future, he must tell the other party again and again not to tell anyone that he knows him, and he can't say his game ID.
王叶算了下时间，他姑姑跟拍卖行约定的鉴定时间是国庆假日后的第一个周三，还有两天，他就必须回地球一趟。
Wang Ye calculated the time, his aunt agreed with the auction house that the appraisal time was the first Wednesday after the National Day holiday, and there were two days left, and he had to go back to the earth.
在这之前，尽量把囚犯岛的任务做完吧。 Until then, try to finish the mission on Prisoner Island.
王叶打开一个新帖子，开始手动编辑。 Wang Ye opens a new post and starts editing it manually.
花了十分钟把内容写好，阅读一遍觉得没什么问题，就发表了。
It took me ten minutes to write the content, read it once and felt that there was no problem, and then published it.
发表完他也没去管后续，而是去升级他的虫巢。 After the announcement, he didn't care about the follow-up, but went to upgrade his hive.
他的虫巢已经吸收到足够多的能量，早就憋不住想升级。
His hive had absorbed enough energy to hold back his desire to upgrade.
片刻后。 A moment later.
“卧槽！隔壁小王发消息啦！” "! Xiao Wang next door sent a message! ”
这一声吼，瞬间引爆了整个游戏论坛。 This roar instantly detonated the entire game forum.
第84章 玩家反应、虫巢升级 Chapter 84: Player Reaction, Hive Upgrade
这是一个面向地球全世界的论坛，全地球的玩家都有浏览这个论坛的习惯，尤其这个论坛还有即时翻译功能，且翻译几乎达到百分百的准确，包括一些俚语和骂人的话都能非常贴切地翻译出来，想到自己的帖子可以让全世界人看到，越来越多的玩家喜欢在这里发帖，简直就把这里当做一个世界性质的社交平台在使用。
This is a forum for the whole world of the earth, players all over the world have the habit of browsing this forum, especially this forum also has an instant translation function, and the translation is almost 100% accurate, including some slang and swear words can be translated very appropriately, thinking that their posts can be seen by people all over the world, more and more players like to post here, and they simply use this as a world-class social platform.
烟花下的寂寞是最早一批玩《极度危险》的玩家，在该游戏推出的第一天，他就进游戏了，算是消息非常灵通的人士。
Loneliness Under the Fireworks was one of the first players to play Extreme Danger, and he entered the game on the first day of the game's release, and he is considered a very well-informed person.
他对这个游戏的升级速度也是相当有怨念，但他知道一些内部消息，比如他堂哥那个部队就派了不少人在游戏中某个新手村做任务和做训练。
He is also quite resentful of the game's level of up, but he knows some inside information, such as his cousin's unit has sent a lot of people to do tasks and training in a novice village in the game.
除此之外，国家可能还安排了其他组织和专业人士进入这个游戏，但这就不是他能知道的了。
In addition to this, the state may have arranged for other organizations and professionals to enter the game, but this is not something he can know.
可就他知道的那些内部消息，就已经足够让他认识到这个被称为世界首款百分百真全息的游戏一定有非常独到之处，所以哪怕这个游戏升级狂慢，他也忍了，还认认真真地跟上班打卡一样，每天必定进入游戏八小时。
But as far as the inside information he knew, it was enough for him to realize that this game, which is known as the world's first 100% true holographic game, must be very unique, so even if this game is upgraded wildly slowly, he endured it, and seriously clocked in at work, and must enter the game for eight hours a day.
不过这游戏玩时间长了就感觉出乐趣和好处了，不但真的就跟第二人生一样，最妙的是还能选择睡觉时间进入。
However, after playing this game for a long time, I feel that it is fun and beneficial, not only is it really the same as Second Life, but the best thing is that you can choose to enter it at bedtime.
明明是醒着玩游戏，可选择睡眠状态游戏这个功能后，玩完游戏下线感觉就跟睡觉做了一个长梦一样，不但没有半点疲累，精神还很充足。
Obviously playing the game awakely,After you can choose the function of sleeping state game,After playing the game offline, it feels like sleeping and having a long dream.,Not only is there no tiredness.,The spirit is still very sufficient.。
烟花下的寂寞还针对这个特点，发了一个关于学生和研究人员可以充分利用睡眠时间，在游戏中学习和研究的建议贴。
Loneliness under the fireworks also posted a suggestion post about how students and researchers can make the most of their sleep time and learn and research in games.
可惜浪花不大。 It's a pity that the waves are not big.
目前还有很多人对全息游戏有顾忌，总觉得这玩意对大脑以及身体神经有一定害处，更怕人们游戏上瘾，从此分不清现实和游戏。
At present, there are still many people who have scruples about holographic games, and always feel that this thing has a certain harm to the brain and body nerves, and they are even more afraid that people will be addicted to games, and they will not be able to distinguish between reality and games.
国家对这个游戏也讳莫如深，不打击也不宣传，就任它自由发展。这就导致绝大多数理智者都在观望。
The state is also very secretive about this game, and does not crack down on it or publicize it, and allows it to develop freely. This leads to the vast majority of sane people waiting and seeing.
所以烟花下的寂寞发的这个学术贴，不但没有引来重视，反而招来不少嘲讽。
Therefore, this academic post issued by the loneliness under the fireworks not only did not attract attention, but attracted a lot of ridicule.
很多嘲讽他、辱骂他的人都不是游戏玩家。 Many of the people who mocked him and insulted him were not gamers.
这也是这个游戏论坛的一个怪现象，使用这个论坛的人非玩家数量竟然远超玩家数量。
This is also a strange phenomenon of this game forum, the number of non-players who use this forum far exceeds the number of players.
非玩家多，是因为聪明人多，这些人不敢玩游戏，但看中了这个游戏论坛的即时翻译功能和世界性，都在拿它当世界社交平台使用。
There are many non-players, because there are many smart people, these people dare not play games, but they take a fancy to the instant translation function and cosmopolitan nature of this game forum, and they are using it as a world social platform.
最可怕的是，全世界这么多人使用这个论坛，每天都有那么多人上传视频，国庆期间同时在线人数巅峰更是已经过亿，但至今为止这个论坛包括游戏在内都稳稳当当，从来没有卡顿，更没有崩过。
The most terrifying thing is that so many people around the world use this forum, so many people upload videos every day, and the number of people online at the same time during the National Day has peaked at more than 100 million, but so far this forum, including games, has been stable, never stuck, let alone collapsed.
人数多就造成帖子太多，烟花下的寂寞就在推荐功能中设定了首先推荐与游戏内容相关的帖子给他。
A large number of people causes too many posts.,The loneliness under the fireworks is set in the recommendation function to recommend posts related to game content to him first.。
时间也恰好，他上论坛时，刚好是王叶刚刚发完帖子没几秒钟。
The time was also just right, when he went to the forum, it happened to be a few seconds after Wang Ye finished posting.
点开王叶的帖子时，烟花下的寂寞甚至没有注意发帖人的ID，他是被标题吸引进来的。
When clicking on Wang Ye's post, the loneliness under the fireworks didn't even pay attention to the poster's ID, he was attracted by the title.
这个帖子的标题是：想要大量经验值和空间工具吗，进来！
The title of this post is: Want a lot of XP and space tools, come in!
写这种标题的帖子很多，类似的还有“想要快速升级吗”之类的帖子，绝大多数都是为了骗点击，但玩家们看到类似标题的帖子还是会点进去……
There are a lot of posts with this kind of title, and there are similar posts like "Do you want to level up quickly", most of which are to trick clicks, but players will still click on posts with similar titles when they see them......
烟花下的寂寞原本以为这个帖子也是一个骗点击贴，里面不会有多少有营养的内容，谁想到他竟然看到了干货。
The loneliness under the fireworks originally thought that this post was also a scam click post, and there would not be much nutritious content in it, but who would have thought that he would actually see dry goods.
发帖人说了三件事，整个叙述简单明了。 The poster said three things, and the whole narrative is simple and straightforward.
第一，寻找和杀死寄生虫族，包括虫卵，可以得到大量经验值。如果能救下被寄生的变异体，无论救下的是人还是其他生物，都能获得非常丰厚的经验值奖励。
First, finding and killing parasites, including eggs, will give you a lot of experience points. If you can save the parasitic mutant, whether it is a person or another creature, you can get a very generous experience point reward.
第二，寄生虫族的虫巢就是天生的空间储物工具，还是可成长型，可储存活物，可自己设置空间。最佳取得虫巢的时机是王虫卵和虫巢刚刚诞生之际，如果王虫已经孵化并开始成长，那就只有杀死王虫，强抢虫巢。另外，契约和融合虫巢，需要强大的精神力。
Second, the hive of the parasitic insect tribe is a natural space storage tool, or it can grow, can store living things, and can set up its own space. The best time to get the hive is when the eggs and the hive are just born, if the king worm has hatched and started to grow, then the only way to kill the king worm is to rob the nest. In addition, contract and fusion hives require strong spiritual power.
第三，则是介绍寄生虫族的厉害之处和弱点，以及对付它们的方法。包括目前已经发现的寄生虫族虫类，变异体的一些特征等等。
The third is to introduce the strengths and weaknesses of parasites, as well as how to deal with them. Including the parasitic insects that have been discovered so far, some characteristics of mutants, and so on.
发帖人还在第三条中重点叙述了寄生虫族的危害性以及隐蔽性，表明它们现在十分不好找，只知道世界各地都有，但到底藏在哪里，没人知道。
The poster also highlighted the dangers and concealment of parasites in the third article, indicating that they are very difficult to find now, only known to be found all over the world, but where they are hidden, no one knows.
不过发帖人很好心地给出了十来个推测地址，有黒峡岛、锡雨国王城、金风国黄金平原、矮人高原雪山小镇、精灵族地附近……
However, the poster kindly gave a dozen or so speculative addresses, including Black Gorge Island, Xiyu King City, Golden Wind Country Golden Plains, Dwarf Plateau Snow Mountain Town, and near the Elf Land......
烟花下的寂寞觉得不容易找这点完全不是问题，只要寄生虫族存在，只要真的有虫巢这个东西，玩家就一定能找出来！
The loneliness under the fireworks is not easy to find, this is not a problem at all, as long as the parasite Zerg exists, as long as there is really such a thing as a hive, the player will definitely be able to find out!
烟花下的寂寞想要储物工具，快要想疯了。 The loneliness under the fireworks wants storage tools, and it's about to go crazy.
他不在乎经验值也不在乎升级，他就想要一个空间包裹。
He doesn't care about experience or leveling up, he just wants a spatial package.
这东西，游戏中的玩家都想要，但谁也不知道要到哪里去找。
This is something that players in the game want, but no one knows where to find it.
现在终于有人告诉他们了。 Now someone has finally told them.
而且这个空间包裹还是可成长型，还能放活物，还能自己设置空间，简直就是玩家最理想的储物空间……比这更好的自带灵泉和灵田甚至是修炼方法的空间，他就不奢望了。
And this space package is still growable, and it can also put living creatures, and you can also set up your own space, which is simply the most ideal storage space for players...... A better space with his own spiritual springs and spiritual fields and even cultivation methods than this, he didn't have the luxury of expecting it.
至于发帖人提醒的融合虫巢需要强大精神力，还要干掉王虫什么的，那不、重、要！重要的是他想要，玩家想要！
As for the fused insect nest reminded by the poster, it requires strong mental power, and it has to kill the king worm or something, so it's not, heavy, and wanted! The important thing is that he wants it, and the player wants it!
烟花下的寂寞因为太激动太高兴，还给发帖人打赏，赏了对方五个铜币。
The loneliness under the fireworks was too excited and happy, and he also rewarded the poster with five copper coins.
帖子页面跳出一句话：“隔壁小王感谢您的打赏！” A sentence popped up on the post page: "Xiao Wang next door thanks for your tip!" ”
嗯？隔壁小王？这名字怎么看起来这么熟？ Well? The little king next door? Why does this name look so familiar?
“啊啊啊！隔壁小王！隔壁小王发消息了！”
烟花下的寂寞也许是第一个阅读这个帖子的，但他并不是第一个发帖喊出“隔壁小王发消息”的人。
等到烟花下的寂寞想跟朋友分享他的激动时，整个游戏论坛已经像是被泼了冷水的油锅，炸得一塌糊涂。
有人特意花钱买了一个世界喇叭，在整个论坛里喊出了这个消息。
只要有人正在浏览论坛，不管你的偏好是什么，这个世界喇叭都会跳出来，而百分之六十以上的人都会选择点击喇叭播放内容。剩下的百分之四十，部分人不方便听声音，就改成了看文字——声转文，只有少部分人才会点叉。
As long as someone is browsing a forum, no matter what your preference is, the world speaker will pop up, and more than 60% of people will choose to click on the speaker to play content. The remaining 40 percent, some people are inconvenient to listen to the sound, so they change to read the text - sound to text, and only a small number of people can click on the fork.
隔壁小王这个ID就是这个游戏论坛现在最火的崽，没有之一，只要有关他的消息，真假都有人点进去看，更何况是他亲自发的帖子。
The ID of Xiao Wang next door is the hottest cub in this game forum now,There is no one,As long as the news about him,Truth or falsehood is someone clicked in to see it,Not to mention the post he made in person。
转发、转发、再转发，隔壁小王发的这个帖子不到一个小时就火出圈，上了各大社交网站的热搜，有的还是热搜第一。
Retweet, forward, retweet, this post posted by Xiao Wang next door became popular in less than an hour, and it was on the hot search of major social networking sites, and some of them were still the first hot search.
寄生虫族和虫巢这两个词语也被人反复提到。 The words parasites and hives are also mentioned repeatedly.
尤其是虫巢，玩家们都太想要空间包裹了，这好不容易得到一个消息，能不用心吗？
Especially the worm nest, players want the space package too much, this is not easy to get a message, can you not care?
于是继找隔壁小王之后，游戏中又掀起了轰轰烈烈地找虫巢行动。
So after looking for the little king next door, the game set off a vigorous action to find the worm nest.
尤其是游戏世界中被隔壁小王提到的那十几个地点以及附近的玩家，就更兴奋了。
Especially the dozen or so locations in the game world that were mentioned by Xiao Wang next door and the nearby players, they were even more excited.
也有不少人好奇隔壁小王怎么知道这么多游戏地点，难道他拿到的地图比他们大得多？还是他已经离开新手村？
There are also many people who are curious about how Xiao Wang next door knows so many game locations, could it be that the map he got is much bigger than them? Or has he already left the Newbie Village?
常玩游戏的人给出推测，认为隔壁小王可能接到了某种大型连环任务，拿到了大型任务地图。不过地图上的任务没开启，就只能得到一个笼统范围，而得不到详细地点。
People who often play games speculate that Xiao Wang next door may have received some kind of large-scale serial quest and obtained a large-scale quest map. However, if the quest on the map is not started, you can only get a general range, but not the detailed location.
虽然隔壁小王给出的地点太笼统，但有目的的寻找，和无目的的乱碰，还是不一样嘛。
Although the location given by Xiao Wang next door is too general, it is still different from purposeful search and purposeless collision.
寄生虫族很可怕？ Parasites are scary?
寄生虫族会寄生？ Will parasites be parasitic?
寄生了就不容易消除，自己的意识还会被寄生虫族吞噬乃至替代？
If it is parasitic, it will not be easy to eliminate, and your consciousness will be devoured or even replaced by parasites?
那有什么！ What's there!
只要能找到虫巢，一切牺牲都是有意义的！ As long as you can find the hive, all sacrifices are meaningful!
寄生虫族不好找，虫巢更不好找？ Parasites are hard to find, and hives are even harder to find?
那也没什么，只要有线索就是好的！说不定俺就运气好，碰到了呢。
That's nothing, as long as there are clues, it's good! Maybe I'll be lucky enough to run into it.
世界各地到处都有人在谈论虫巢、谈论隔壁小王，还有人猜测寄生虫族是不是就是游戏中的主流反派。
People all over the world are talking about hives, talking about the king next door, and some people are speculating about whether the parasites are the main villains in the game.
有人提倡找出寄生虫族把它们全部灭掉，也有人觉得寄生虫族是智慧种族，可以先谈谈，考虑一下合作共赢的可能性。总之，扯什么的都有。
Some people advocate finding out the parasites and exterminating them all, while others think that the parasites are intelligent races, so you can talk about them first and consider the possibility of win-win cooperation. In short, there's.
这一波自来水宣传还让《极度危险》又出现了一波新玩家注册小高峰。
This wave of tap water promotion also caused another wave of new player registrations in "Extreme Danger".
这大概也就是游戏初期才有的特别现象了，等以后大家都成了老玩家，有谁想要再凭借发个帖子就这么轰动，那除非他拿出的是类似游戏世界人物就要侵袭地球这样的超重量级消息，还得有实证，大概才有可能。
This is probably a special phenomenon in the early days of the game.,After everyone becomes an old player.,Who wants to make such a sensation by posting a post.,Unless he comes up with super heavyweight news like a game world character is going to invade the earth.,There has to be empirical evidence.,It's probably possible.。
囚犯岛。 Prisoner Island.
王叶还不知道自己发的帖子差点把天都捅出一个窟窿，现在研究他帖子内容的人可不止是普通玩家……
Wang Ye didn't know that his post almost poked a hole in Tiandu, and now the people who studied the content of his post were not just ordinary players......
要不是游戏对玩家身份十分保护，只要玩家自己不想暴露，任何黑客都别想弄到玩家信息，王叶现在的所有底细大概早就暴露在某些人面前。
If it weren't for the fact that the game is very protective of the player's identity, as long as the player himself doesn't want to be exposed, no hacker would have wanted to get the player's information, and all the details of Wang Ye's current situation would have been exposed to some people long ago.
不过王叶也是知道游戏对玩家隐私的保护性超高，才敢发这么一个帖子。
However, Wang Ye also knew that the game was super protective of players' privacy, so he dared to make such a post.
因为雷木不在身边，王叶也不想一个人孤零零地跑到黑漆漆的地下溶洞群探索，他就在第三次虫巢升级上多花了点时间和心思。
Because Lei Mu was not around, Wang Ye didn't want to go to the dark underground cave group alone to explore, so he spent a little more time and thought on the third insect hive upgrade.
现在整个虫巢比第二次升级时扩大了两倍左右。 The entire hive is now about twice as large as it was during the second upgrade.
能扩大这么多，大半都是靠寄生虫族的无私贡献，用它们大量的生命和精神力滋养了整个虫巢。
The ability to expand so much is mostly due to the selfless contributions of the parasitic Zerg, who nourished the entire hive with a large amount of their life and spiritual power.
魔晶池那里发现百多具正在蕴养和升级中的变异体，且都是珍贵的母虫。
More than 100 mutants were found in the Crystal Pool, which were being nurtured and upgraded, and they were all precious female worms.
一只母虫蕴含的能量可要比一只普通雄虫多得多，尤其是精神力，所以虽然只是二级，但百多只二级母虫变异体提供的能量并不亚于他之前让虫巢吸收的三百多战虫变异体。
A female worm contains much more energy than an ordinary male worm, especially spiritual power, so although it is only a second-level, the energy provided by more than a hundred second-level female mutants is no less than the more than three hundred war insect mutants that he had previously let the hive absorb.
那些战虫变异体还都是正在孵化中的虫卵，等级虽高，资质虽优，却不如已经孵化的二级母虫营养。
Those war insect mutants are still hatching eggs, although the level is high, although the qualifications are excellent, but they are not as nutritious as the hatched second-level females.
之后，他又让虫巢吸收了数千枚虫卵，还有母虫和数十具变异体。
Later, he had the hive absorb thousands of eggs, as well as females and dozens of mutants.
除了寄生虫族的贡献，王叶又狠心把从魔晶池得到的魔兽魔晶拿了四分之三出来，全都喂给了虫巢。雷木之前就劝他让他把魔晶都用来培养虫巢。
In addition to the contribution of the parasitic zerg, Wang Ye ruthlessly took out three-quarters of the demonic beast magic crystals obtained from the magic crystal pool and fed them all to the insect hive. Lei Mu had persuaded him to use all the magic crystals to cultivate the hive.
虫巢不仅仅是他的重要空间工具，也是培养小光和浮游光虫的媒介，更是他和雷木的家，更更是他本身的一部分，他当然舍得大力投资，反正肉都烂在锅里。
The hive is not only an important space tool for him, but also a medium for cultivating small light and planktonic light insects, it is also his and Lei Mu's home, and it is also a part of himself, of course he is willing to invest a lot, anyway, the meat is rotten in the pot.
去升级虫巢前，王叶还特地跑去了金矿一趟，利用虫巢的吞噬特性，吃进来不少金矿原石。
Before going to upgrade the hive, Wang Ye also went to the gold mine and used the devouring properties of the hive to eat a lot of rough gold ore.
炼金窑那边，他也去了一趟，把那边的孩子都救下来，该处理的都处理了，那边已经提炼出来的金矿他也没客气，都吞了。
He also went to the alchemy kiln and rescued all the children over there, and dealt with everything that should be disposed of, and he was not polite to the gold ore that had been refined over there, and swallowed it all.
现在感恩村人和囚犯们已经不少人知道金矿存在，王叶倒是想见者有份，反正这么多金子，他也不可能全部拿去地球兑换。但他没敢立刻把金子分给村民，怕他们内部为了金子闹起来，就是不闹，那些孩子和弱者也守不住金子。
Now that many people in the Thanksgiving Village and the prisoners already know about the existence of the gold mine, Wang Ye wants to see it, anyway, with so much gold, he can't exchange it all on the earth. But he didn't dare to distribute the gold to the villagers immediately, for fear that they would make trouble for the gold, even if they didn't make trouble, those children and the weak would not be able to keep the gold.
王叶打算等雷木回来，再跟他商量分赃的事，他觉得雷木在解决当地人的问题方面比他精通。
Wang Ye planned to wait for Lei Mu to come back and discuss the matter of dividing the spoils with him, and he felt that Lei Mu was more proficient than him in solving the problems of the locals.
升级虫巢时，小光和浮游光虫都飞了出来。 When the hive is upgraded, both the light and the planktonic light worm fly out.
等到王叶通知虫巢已经升级好，才让它们重新进入。 Wait until Wang Ye informs the hive that it has been upgraded before letting them re-enter.
“咿！”小光差点被金光晃瞎了眼。 "Bah!" Xiaoguang was almost blinded by Jin Guanghuang.
特别特别俗气的王小壕用金矿石重建了石屋，面积没变，还是两百平，但他搞出了二楼。其实是三层，地下一层仍旧是储藏层，而且面积与虫巢表面显露出来的平面面积相等。
Wang Xiaohao, who was particularly cheesy, rebuilt the stone house with gold ore, and the area remained unchanged, it was still 200 square meters, but he made the second floor. In fact, there are three floors, and the basement level is still a storage layer, and the area is equal to the surface of the hive.
屋子里面的墙壁、地面、台面、包括一些用具等，全都是纯金或者是金矿石制作。
The walls, floors, countertops, and utensils in the room are all made of pure gold or gold ore.
整栋屋子金光点点，在阳光照耀下无比闪耀。 The whole house is lit with golden light, and it shines incomparably in the sunlight.
包括四边围墙，也都装点了不少金矿石，黑色和金色交杂，看上去还挺好看。
Including the four sides of the wall, it is also decorated with a lot of gold ore, which is a mixture of black and gold, and it looks quite good.
鉴于之前来回关押了不少生物，王叶还在围墙中搞出了专门的隔离区，可以用来充作牢房和临时的隔离房。
In view of the fact that many creatures were imprisoned back and forth before, Wang Ye also created a special isolation area in the wall, which could be used as a prison cell and a temporary isolation room.
小光和浮游光虫们的巢穴也被转移到隔离区旁边，它们拥有了一个卵型的地上巢穴，外表很像是蜂巢，内部则看小光和浮游光虫们想怎么设置。
The nests of the Light Bugs and the Planktonic Light Bugs were also moved to the side of the quarantine area, and they had an oval-shaped above-ground nest that looked like a beehive on the outside, and the inside was up to the Light Light and the Plankton Light Bugs to set it up.
最主要的是整个巢穴金光闪闪，高度有四米，横宽有两米多，竖立在化石洞壁下就像一个巨大的雕塑，还是纯金雕塑。
The main thing is that the whole nest is glittering with gold, with a height of four meters and a width of more than two meters, erected under the walls of the fossil cave like a huge sculpture, or a pure gold sculpture.
王叶喜滋滋地跟小光炫耀道：“看我对你们好吧，用纯金给你们做巢穴，这种待遇你可以出去问问，哪里都没有的好吧。”
Wang Ye happily showed off to Xiaoguang: "Look at how good I am to you, use pure gold to make a nest for you, you can go out and ask for this kind of treatment, there is no place to go." ”
小光也就是不会翻白眼，如果会，它现在肯定当场送一个。
Xiaoguang just won't roll his eyes, and if it does, it will definitely send one on the spot now.
它们浮游光虫根本不在意巢穴的外表，它们在意的是内在、是食物、是能量。
They don't care about the appearance of their nests at all, they care about the inside, the food, and the energy.
王叶心疼地抓出一把魔晶，撒进金巢中：“给你给你，去吃吧。让你们去狩猎害虫、吸食花蜜，你们不肯，吃金子、吃魔晶，倒是吃得欢快。一点都不知道养家的为难和痛苦。”
Wang Ye painlessly grabbed a handful of magic crystals and threw them into the golden nest: "Here you are, go eat it." Let you hunt pests and suck nectar, but you will not eat gold and magic crystals, but eat cheerfully. I don't know anything about the difficulties and pains of raising a family. ”
王叶嘀嘀咕咕，小光和浮游光虫们弃耳不闻，见有魔晶可以吃，全都以最快速度冲进了金巢中。它们自出生就没吃过这么富含能量的食物！
Wang Ye muttered, Xiaoguang and the planktonic light insects turned a deaf ear, and when they saw that there were magic crystals to eat, they all rushed into the golden nest at the fastest speed. They haven't eaten such an energy-rich food since they were born!
“吃完了都给我出去收集药草！药草种子也可以。采集之前先让我看一下。”可以用精神联系看，非常方便，还能锻炼他和浮游光虫们的精神力。
"When you're done, go out and collect herbs for me! Herb seeds are also available. Let me take a look before I collect it. "It can be seen with a spiritual connection, which is very convenient, and it can also exercise the spiritual power of him and the planktonic light insects.
“咿咿咿！”我们就会吃，不会采集！ "Babble!" We'll eat, not collect!
“学啊，人类之所以强大，就是因为他们的学习能力。你们别一天到晚就想着寄生别人，也发展发展自己的身体好不好？如果你们有了强大的身体，还需要寄生别人吗？”
"Learning, the reason why human beings are strong is because of their ability to learn. Don't think about parasitic others all day long, and also develop your own body, okay? If you have a strong body, do you still need to parasitize others? ”
“咿咿咿！” "Babble!"
“一只不好采集，可以几只一起抬着飞。要动脑啊，亲！”
"One is not easy to collect, so you can carry several of them together. Use your brains, dear! ”
“咿！”小光绝望了，这个主人不但强行改变它们的食谱，还想给它们增加工作，强迫它们多方面发展，嘤~
"Bah!" Xiaoguang is desperate, this master not only forcibly changes their recipes, but also wants to give them more work and force them to develop in many ways, huh~
但是，魔晶好好吃，新巢穴也好靓好舒服啊~ However, the magic crystal is delicious, and the new nest is so beautiful and comfortable~
小光感受到子民们的欢快，更发现它的子民们竟然半点不排斥帮主人收集药草。它们竟然还很想尝尝药草和花蜜的味道……
Xiaoguang felt the joy of the people, and found that his people did not refuse to help the master collect herbs. They even wanted to taste the herbs and nectar......
第85章 女孩的礼物 Chapter 85: A Girl's Gift
王叶打发了浮游光虫，插腰自豪地环视整个虫巢空间。 Wang Ye dismissed the planktonic light worm and proudly looked around the entire hive space.
目前，整个虫巢就像一个被围墙围起来的私家小公园。 At present, the whole hive is like a small private park surrounded by walls.
小公园最中心只有一栋二层小楼，小楼周围都是待种植的旷野，公园最边上是一圈宛如城墙又宛如天然岩壁的围墙。
There is only a two-story building in the center of the park, and the small building is surrounded by wilderness to be planted, and at the far edge of the park is a wall that looks like a city wall and a natural rock wall.
小楼正前方有一个半敞开的钟乳洞，里面有水池。 Directly in front of the small building there is a semi-open stalactite cave with a pool of water.
聚水珠还没有转变成灵水珠，但已经开始发挥聚水的作用，开始有水流从钟乳石上流下，流入下方的水池中。
The water beads have not yet been transformed into spiritual water beads, but they have begun to play the role of water gathering, and water has begun to flow down from the stalactites and into the pool below.
这些水将通过水池下方的水管流入小楼，成为生活用水。
This water will flow into the small building through the water pipe under the pool and become domestic water.
等以后聚水珠转变成灵水珠，水池里的水就不能这么浪费了。王叶打算到时候再想法收集一颗普通的聚水珠。
Later, when the water beads are transformed into spiritual water beads, the water in the pool cannot be wasted like this. Wang Ye planned to collect an ordinary water bead when the time came.
在聚水珠可以转变成灵水珠的消息传出之前，收集聚水珠并不难，正好王叶现在有钱买得起。
Before the news came out that the Gathering Water Bead could be transformed into a Spiritual Water Bead, it was not difficult to collect the Gathering Water Bead, and it just so happened that Wang Ye now had the money to afford it.
至于这大片的种植区，现在是光秃秃的不好看，但很快这里就会种满各种花草树木。
As for this large planting area, it is now bare and unsightly, but soon it will be planted with all kinds of flowers and trees.
等以后虫巢再升级，他就在种植区弄一条小河，河里养上鱼虾，再种点莲藕、荸荠、芦蒿什么的水菜。
Later, when the hive was upgraded, he would make a small river in the planting area, raise fish and shrimp in the river, and plant some water vegetables such as lotus root, water chestnut, and artemisia.
以后他和雷木，还有师父，就算落到什么绝地，只要有这个虫巢在，他们就不怕饿死。
In the future, he, Lei Mu, and Master, even if they fall into any Jedi, as long as there is this hive, they will not be afraid of starving to death.
虫巢升级完毕，王叶就在心里催促雷木赶紧回来。 After the hive was upgraded, Wang Ye urged Lei Mu to come back quickly.
不能对话没关系，只要能把自己急切盼君归的心情传达给木木就行。
It doesn't matter if you can't talk, as long as you can convey your eagerness to return to Mumu.
雷木在第二天上午就回来了，跟佣兵公会的船只一起。 Remu returned the next morning, with the Mercenary Guild's ships.
雷木提供的消息受到了佣兵公会的重视，虽然他们是第一次听说寄生虫族。
The news provided by Thunderwood was taken seriously by the Mercenary Guild, although it was the first time they had heard of the Parasite.
但雷木对寄生虫族的描述，让他们感受到这种生物对人类和对这个世界的威胁性，加上囚犯岛就在海草岛附近，哪怕为了自己的安危，佣兵公会也会派人过来看看。
But Thundermu's description of the parasite made them feel the threat of this creature to humans and the world, and with the fact that Prisoner Island was near Seagrass Island, even for their own safety, the Mercenary Guild would send someone to take a look.
佣兵公会也不怕这是陷阱，有针对佣兵的陷阱，但还没有胆敢针对公会的。就算真的有人吃了熊心豹子胆，想要对公会做什么，他们公会也不怕。
The mercenary guild is not afraid that this is a trap, there are traps for mercenaries, but there are no ones who dare to target the guild. Even if someone really eats the bear's heart leopard gall and wants to do something to the guild, their guild is not afraid.
雷木双脚刚落到地面，王叶就感觉到了，飞速奔来了港口。
As soon as Lei Mu's feet hit the ground, Wang Ye felt it and rushed to the port.
左家兄弟俩也跟来了，还有感恩村村长以及两名退休老看守，他们的任务就是向佣兵公会介绍情况和求助。
The Zuo brothers also followed, as well as the village chief of Thanksgiving Village and two retired old guards, whose task was to brief the Mercenary Guild on the situation and ask for help.
全身包括脸都包裹在黑袍中的雷木跟同船来的分站长介绍，说这些人才是苦主，他们只是被委托的佣兵。
Lei Mu, whose whole body, including his face, was wrapped in a black robe, and introduced to the sub-station master who came from the same ship, saying that these people were the bitter masters, and they were just commissioned mercenaries.
在分站长和感恩村人说话时，雷木拉着王叶走到一边，左看右看，见小孩没事才放心。
When the sub-station manager was talking to the people of Thanksgiving Village, Lei Mu pulled Wang Ye to the side, looked left and right, and was relieved to see that the child was fine.
“速度挺快，我还以为还有的磨。”王叶小声对雷木道。
"It's fast, I thought there was still grinding." Wang Ye whispered to Lei Mudao.
雷木：“本来没这么快，我跟他们说了岛上有金矿，那位分站长就改变主意，不再干等上面做决定，而是打算先过来关心一下岛上平民的情况。”
Lei Mu: "It wasn't so soon, I told them that there was a gold mine on the island, and the sub-station manager changed his mind and no longer waited for the above to make a decision, but planned to come over first to care about the situation of the civilians on the island. ”
王叶拉了拉嘴角，暴露金矿的事他和雷木都有了心理准备。寄生虫族的危害在没有爆发出来之前，想让人们警惕并提前消灭，并不容易，想要说动佣兵公会插手调查寄生虫族，也得让人家看到足够的利益。
Wang Ye pulled the corners of his mouth, and he and Lei Mu were mentally prepared for exposing the gold mine. Before the harm of the parasite clan breaks out, it is not easy to make people vigilant and eliminate it in advance, and if you want to use the mercenary guild to intervene in the investigation of the parasitic race, you have to let people see enough benefits.
毕竟佣兵公会不是公益组织，人家也是要赚钱吃饭的。 After all, the Mercenary Guild is not a public welfare organization, and people also want to make money and eat.
所以雷木一见他们有推脱的意思，立刻就把金矿这个饵抛了出来。佣兵公会的分站长等人也立刻改变态度，从含含糊糊拖拖拉拉迅速变得积极无比。
So as soon as Lei Mu saw that they had the intention of shirking, he immediately threw out the bait of the gold mine. The sub-station leader of the Mercenary Guild and the others also immediately changed their attitudes, from vague and procrastinating to extremely positive.
当雷木说也要通知锡雨国上层，那位分站长就迫不及待地安排船只抢先过来了。
When Lei Mu said that he would also inform the upper echelons of Xiyu Country, the sub-station master couldn't wait to arrange for the ships to come first.
当然要抢先过来。囚犯岛这一波行动，如果处理得当，佣兵公会不但能从锡雨国那边狠咬一口，说不定还能在岛上金矿开发上插一脚。
Of course, you have to be the first to come. This wave of operations on Prisoner Island, if handled properly, the Mercenary Guild will not only be able to bite from the side of the Xiyu Country, but may also be able to intervene in the development of gold mines on the island.
王叶心想幸好他先发现了金矿，并吞了不少。 Wang Ye thought to himself that it was fortunate that he had discovered the gold mine first and swallowed a lot.
不过这个金矿不小，他也就只取了一部分而已，剩下的也足够佣兵公会和锡雨国开采个十几年。
However, this gold mine is not small, and he only took part of it, and the rest is enough for the Mercenary Guild and the Xiyu Kingdom to mine for more than ten years.
王叶对雷木做眼色，用口型跟雷木说他弄到了不少金子，又放出声音询问金子该怎么分给感恩村村民。
Wang Ye glanced at Lei Mu, and said to Lei Mu with his mouth that he had gotten a lot of gold, and then let out a voice to ask how the gold should be distributed to the villagers of Thanksgiving Village.
雷木知道王叶这话不是在问他，而是故意说给分站长和几个佣兵听。
Lei Mu knew that Wang Ye was not asking him, but deliberately said it to the sub-station leader and a few mercenaries.
那边，分站长要求先去看金矿，感恩村人坚持先安排感恩村村民和囚犯们。
Over there, the head of the sub-station asked to go to see the gold mine first, and the people of Thanksgiving Village insisted on arranging the villagers and prisoners of Thanksgiving Village first.
眼看气氛有点僵硬，王叶和雷木适时插入进去。 Seeing that the atmosphere was a little stiff, Wang Ye and Lei Mu inserted it at the right time.
雷木直接就对那位分站长说：“感恩村村民也算是这座岛的原住民了，因为金矿和寄生虫族，他们原本安静平和的生活受到严重破坏，亲人朋友更是不少人因此重伤乃至丧命，他们原本可以拿着金子租船只离开，但我建议他们，与其拿一笔金子走人，还不如以本岛原住民的名义，把金矿卖给某个大型组织。”
Lei Mu directly said to the sub-station master: "The villagers of Thanksgiving Village are also the aborigines of this island, because of the gold mine and the parasites, their originally quiet and peaceful life has been seriously damaged, and many relatives and friends have been seriously injured or even killed, they could have rented a boat with gold and left, but I suggest that instead of taking a sum of gold and leaving, it is better to sell the gold mine to a large organization in the name of the aborigines of the island." ”
感恩村长立刻附和道：“对对对，我们希望有人能安排全岛无辜者的生活，金矿就是我们交出的安家费。以后不管金矿开采出多少，都和我们无关。”
The village chief of Thanksgiving immediately echoed: "Yes, yes, we hope that someone can arrange the lives of innocent people on the island, and the gold mine is the settlement fee we have paid." In the future, no matter how much gold is mined, it has nothing to do with us. ”
左勤桑想说什么，被他弟弟拉了一下。他们现在必须和村民利益一致，否则村民就不会听他们的，也不会成为他们的功劳。至于金矿，佣兵公会都来了，这消息根本瞒不住。他们的任务就是确认和传递消息，其他都和他们无关，上面问起来，他们也可以说，他们就是两个普通人，要如何决定金矿的归属权？
Zuo Qinsang wanted to say something, but was pulled by his younger brother. They must now align themselves with the interests of the villagers, otherwise the villagers will not listen to them and will not be their credit. As for the gold mines, the mercenary guilds are here, and this news can't be concealed at all. Their task is to confirm and deliver the news, and nothing else has anything to do with them, and when asked above, they can also say that they are just two ordinary people, how to decide the ownership of the gold mine?
甚至他们还可以表功，就因为有他们代表锡雨国官方，金矿才没完全落到佣兵公会手上。
Even they can show their merits, just because they represent the official of the Xiyu Country, the gold mine has not completely fallen into the hands of the Mercenary Guild.
能做佣兵公会分站负责人的就没有笨蛋，那位分站长几乎立刻就明白了雷木和感恩村长的意思，这是在送大义名头给佣兵公会，也是交易。
There is no stupid person who can be the head of the mercenary guild substation, and the sub-station chief almost immediately understood what Lei Mu and the grateful village chief meant, this is sending a righteous name to the mercenary guild, and it is also a transaction.
佣兵公会出钱出人出地方安排岛上非囚犯岛民，让他们以后生活无忧。而岛民则能以地主的名义，把金矿开采权交给佣兵公会。
The Mercenary Guild pays for people and places to arrange for non-prisoner islanders on the island, so that they can live a worry-free life in the future. The islanders, on the other hand, were able to hand over the gold mining rights to the mercenary guild in the name of the landlord.
如此以后就算消息泄露，或者锡雨国跟他们就开采权扯皮，佣兵公会也有理。
In this way, even if the news leaks in the future, or if the Xiyu Kingdom argues with them over the mining rights, the Mercenary Guild will be justified.
至于说囚犯岛上的岛民都是无身份人士？ As for saying that the islanders on Prisoner Island are unstated?
只要他们不是囚犯，只要他们确实曾住在岛上多年，佣兵公会就能让他们全都拥有“本岛土著”的身份。
As long as they weren't prisoners, and as long as they had actually lived on the island for many years, the Mercenary Guild would allow them to all have the status of "natives of the island".
更何况岛民们把金矿委托给佣兵公会并不是白给，而是消灭寄生虫族的代价。
What's more, the islanders entrusted the gold mine to the Mercenary Guild not for nothing, but the price of exterminating the parasitic Zerg.
锡雨国高层有异议的话，那就要问锡雨国为什么这么多年都没有发现寄生虫族，不但让无辜岛民死伤那么多，更把整座囚犯岛差点变成虫窝？
If the high-level officials of Xiyu Country have objections, then they have to ask why Xiyu Country has not found parasitic zergs for so many years, which not only killed and injured so many innocent islanders, but also almost turned the entire prisoner island into a worm nest?
所以不是他们佣兵公会要来抢夺金矿，而是你锡雨国上层不作为，他们公会为了救人，只能过来，而金矿只是他们收取的合理报酬。
So it's not that their mercenary guild wants to rob the gold mine, but that the upper echelons of your Xiyu country don't do anything, and their guild can only come over in order to save people, and the gold mine is just a reasonable reward they receive.
事情脉络整理清楚，也有了合理接受金矿的理由，分站长脸上露出了诚挚热情的笑容，一把握住感恩村长的手，动情地道：“你们受苦了！放心，你们这些无辜岛民以后的生活，我们佣兵公会一定给你们安排好，保管你们人人都能拿到平民身份，有屋有田还有一定存款生活，更不用担心以后有人会欺负你们。如果是无人照顾的老幼，我们公会负责养！”
The context of the matter was sorted out, and there was a reasonable reason to accept the gold mine, the sub-station chief showed a sincere and enthusiastic smile on his face, grabbed the hand of the grateful village chief, and said emotionally: "You have suffered!" Rest assured, the future life of you innocent islanders, our Mercenary Guild will definitely arrange it for you, and you can all get civilian status, have a house and land, and have a certain amount of savings to live, not to mention that someone will bully you in the future. If there is no one to take care of the old and the young, our guild will be responsible for raising them! ”
这话不是吹，佣兵公会多的是需要大量人手的农庄或农村，随便找个地方都能把这些人塞进去。
This is not blowing, the mercenary guild is mostly farms or villages that require a large number of people, and you can stuff these people into any place.
感恩村长一看村人未来都有了着落，带着浓重苦色的老脸也终于有了笑容，不住道：“这就好这就好！”
Thanksgiving to the village chief saw that the future of the villagers was settled, and the old face with a heavy bitter color finally smiled, and kept saying: "This is good, this is good!" ”
当即，这位分站长就请雷木和左勤榆做见证人，和感恩村长及两名村民签订了一份委托合约，上面清清楚楚写明：受到囚犯岛本地土著的委托，佣兵公会答应帮助囚犯岛本地土著清除岛上寄生虫族、解决出逃囚犯对岛民的威胁、恢复岛上治安，并妥善安排岛民以后的生活。岛民则告之岛上金矿下落，以金矿作为委托报酬。
Immediately, the sub-station chief asked Lei Mu and Zuo Qinyu to be witnesses, and signed a commission contract with the village chief and two villagers, which clearly stated: Entrusted by the local natives of Prisoner Island, the Mercenary Guild promised to help the local natives of Prisoner Island clear the parasites on the island, solve the threat of escaped prisoners to the islanders, restore law and order on the island, and properly arrange the future life of the islanders. The islanders told the island of the whereabouts of the gold mines, and the gold mines were used as commissions.
王叶觉得这份合约内容不清晰，特意以孩子天真的神情，询问：“岛民们每个人能获得多少金子啊？”
Wang Ye felt that the content of this contract was not clear, so he deliberately asked with a child's innocent expression: "How much gold can each of the islanders get?" ”
感恩村长就苦笑道：“我们不要金子，只要能有个地方生活就好。”
Thanksgiving to the village chief smiled bitterly: "We don't want gold, as long as we can have a place to live." ”
“给个草屋也是生活，给你一片砂砾地也是农田，给你一个铜币也是存款，把人安排到偏远的穷山恶水也是安排。怎么能不说清楚呢？我可是答应了大壮他们，要让他们过上好日子的！”王叶还拉了拉雷木的袖子，仰头问：“哥，你说是不是？”
"Giving a thatched hut is also life, giving you a piece of gravel land is also farmland, giving you a copper coin is also a deposit, and arranging people to remote poor mountains and bad waters is also arranged. How can you not make it clear? I promised them to live a good life! Wang Ye also pulled Laleimu's sleeve, raised his head and asked, "Brother, did you say it?" ”
雷木就看向分站长。 Lei Mu looked at the sub-station master.
分站长看无法模糊过去，只好当场谈条件，最后定下无论男女老少，每个岛民都能获得相当于十五金币的安家费、十五金币的房产和二十金币的农田，总计每人五十金。
The head of the sub-station could not blur the past, so he had to negotiate the conditions on the spot, and finally decided that each islander, regardless of gender, old or young, would receive a settlement fee equivalent to fifteen gold coins, a real estate of fifteen gold coins, and a farmland of twenty gold coins, totaling fifty gold per person.
这就相当于每个人补偿五十万，也算有诚意了。 This is equivalent to 500,000 compensation for each person, which can be regarded as sincere.
实际上佣兵公会也不亏，他们并不用实际付出金币，只要给出相应价值的房屋和农田就可以，甚至安家费都能以物资、教育、保护等各种名义抵消掉。
In fact, the mercenary guild does not have to lose, they do not need to actually pay gold coins, as long as they give the corresponding value of houses and farmland, and even the settlement fee can be offset in various names such as materials, education, and protection.
契约书的最后又加上了详细的安置条件，感恩村人直到这时才露出真正的笑容，他们心中对帮他们争取的王叶的感激那就不用说了。
At the end of the contract, detailed resettlement conditions were added, and the grateful villagers did not show a real smile until this time, and the gratitude in their hearts to Wang Ye who helped them fight for it was needless to say.
四方签字画押，委托契约成立。 The four parties signed and pledged, and the entrustment contract was established.
感恩村长小心地收起其中一份契约书，又见雷木对他们暗中点头，这才同意带佣兵们去金矿。
Thanksgiving to the village chief carefully put away one of the contracts, and seeing Lei Mu nodding to them secretly, he agreed to take the mercenaries to the gold mine.
村长不相信佣兵公会，也不太相信曾经是囚犯和看守的左家兄弟俩，但他们相信拯救了整个村子并在努力消灭寄生虫族、还帮他们联系佣兵公会、又帮他们谈条件的草木皆兵佣兵队。
The village chief didn't believe in the Mercenary Guild, nor did he trust the Zuo brothers who were once prisoners and guards, but they believed that they had saved the entire village and were working hard to eliminate the parasites, and they also helped them contact the Mercenary Guild and helped them negotiate terms with the Mercenary Corps.
分站长见到这一幕，顿时重新掂量了这一大一小兄弟俩在当地人心目中的份量。
When the sub-station chief saw this scene, he immediately re-weighed the weight of the eldest and youngest brothers in the minds of the locals.
他们已经略微试探过雷木的身手，这位至少是高级武师的水准，还擅长异术，算是魔武双修，是个能不得罪就不好得罪的主儿。
They have already tested Lei Mu's skills slightly, this is at least the level of a high-level martial artist, and he is also good at foreign arts, he can be regarded as a dual cultivation of magic and martial arts, and he is a master who can not offend without offending.
有雷木给当地岛民撑腰，他们佣兵公会就得认真执行契约书上写明的安置条件。同理，深受岛民信赖的两人也影响着当地人对佣兵公会的印象，从而影响到以后岛民的立场。
With Lei Mu supporting the local islanders, their mercenary guild had to seriously implement the resettlement conditions written in the contract. In the same way, the two people who are deeply trusted by the islanders also affect the local people's impression of the Mercenary Guild, which in turn affects the position of the islanders in the future.
这座岛毕竟属于锡雨国，如果锡雨国用重利引诱，岛民立场偏移，他们佣兵公会哪怕拿到委托契约也会很难办。
After all, this island belongs to the Xiyu Country, and if the Xiyu Country lures it with heavy profits, and the islanders' stance is offset, it will be difficult for their mercenary guild to do so even if they get the entrustment contract.
可现在这些岛民显然更相信这两个佣兵，对锡雨国的官方人士（左勤榆）则是感觉淡淡。
But now these islanders obviously believe in these two mercenaries more, and they have a faint feeling about the official person of Xiyu Country (Zuo Qinyu).
分站长带了专业勘探员去看了金矿，确定金矿属实，又大致勘探了金矿的可开采性，等勘探员得出结论，说这个金矿不小，按照正常速度至少能开采十来年，每年都能提炼出至少两三万金币，分站长嘴都要笑歪了。
The sub-station manager took a professional prospector to see the gold mine, determined that the gold mine was true, and roughly explored the mineability of the gold mine, and so the explorer came to the conclusion that this gold mine is not small, and it can be mined for at least ten years at a normal rate, and at least twenty or thirty thousand gold coins can be extracted every year.
这个金矿的大部分利益虽然要上交公会上层，作为整个公会的基金，但负责开采的当地分站自然会获得不小的好处，按照公会内部规矩，发现新矿的分站和个人，可是能拥有百分之二十的抽成。
Although most of the profits of this gold mine have to be handed over to the upper echelons of the guild as a fund for the entire guild, the local sub-station responsible for mining will naturally get a lot of benefits, according to the internal rules of the guild, the sub-station and individuals who discover new mines can have a 20% commission.
金矿看过以后，分站长“才想起来”去找监狱长，结果到了监狱后才发现监狱长竟然跑掉了。
After looking at the gold mine, the sub-station director "remembered" to go to the warden, but when he arrived at the prison, he found that the warden had run away.
问有没有其他负责人，看守一致推荐辛加烈。 Asked if there were any other persons in charge, the guards unanimously recommended Singari.
但奇怪的是，经常待在仓库的辛加烈也找不到人了，不过仓库里的东西都还在。
But strangely, Singari, who often stayed in the warehouse, couldn't find anyone, but everything in the warehouse was still there.
分站长见仓库里的粮食都还在，也松了口气，当即让手下接手整个仓库区。监狱区仍旧交给看守们管理，但物资改为佣兵公会控制。
Seeing that the grain in the warehouse was still there, the sub-station commander also breathed a sigh of relief, and immediately asked his subordinates to take over the entire warehouse area. The prison area is still under the control of the guards, but the supplies are under the control of the Mercenary Guild.
同时佣兵公会也接手了囚犯岛的码头和剩下来的船只。 At the same time, the Mercenary Guild also took over the docks and the remaining ships on Prisoner Island.
雷木和感恩村人又找分站长协商，是否可以当天就转移岛民。
Lei Mu and the people of Thanksgiving Village negotiated with the head of the sub-station to see if they could transfer the islanders on the same day.
王叶的意见：寄生虫族是个巨大威胁，越早转移岛民越好。
Wang Ye's opinion: The parasite is a huge threat, and the sooner the islanders are transferred, the better.
“要怎么确保这些岛民都没有被寄生虫族寄生？”分站长已经给佣兵公会发了内部通知，调派更多人手过来，他希望先让药师给这些岛民都做完检查以后，再送他们去其他地方。
"How do you make sure none of these islanders are parasitized by the Parasites?" The sub-stationmaster had already sent an internal notice to the Mercenary Guild to send more people over, and he hoped that the pharmacist would check on the islanders before sending them elsewhere.
王叶站出来，指了指自己的眼睛：“我拥有真实之眼，可以看到他们身体里有没有寄生虫族。”
Wang Ye stood up and pointed to his eyes: "I have a true eye, and I can see if there are parasites in their bodies. ”
分站长眼睛一亮，这个能力太好用了！ The sub-stationmaster's eyes lit up, this ability is so easy to use!
有佣兵早就认出这对兄弟，就上前跟分站长说了悄悄话。
Some mercenaries had already recognized the two brothers, so they stepped forward and whispered to the station chief.
原来是他们。分站长堆起笑容：“小兄弟你能看到就太好了，这样就省事多了。那我们今天就能安排岛民离开，先送他们去海草岛，正好再接一批佣兵和矿工过来。”
It turned out to be them. The sub-stationmaster smiled: "It's great that you can see it, little brother, so it will save a lot of trouble." Then we can arrange for the islanders to leave today, send them to Seagrass Island first, and then pick up a group of mercenaries and miners. ”
经过王叶检查，上船的岛民从里到外都很干净，没有携带任何一只寄生虫卵和寄生虫。
After Wang Ye's inspection, the islanders on the boat were clean from the inside out, and did not carry any parasite eggs and parasites.
王叶还把船只和没有上岸的水手也都检查了一遍，确认这艘船很干净。
Wang Ye also inspected the boat and the sailors who did not go ashore to confirm that the ship was clean.
佣兵公会来的船只很大，但也只装下一半岛民，还剩下一半只能等下一趟船。
The ship from the Mercenary Guild was huge, but it only loaded one peninsular, and half of them had to wait for the next ship.
感恩村人绝大多数都很安静，极少有人争抢。 The vast majority of the people in Thanksgiving Village are very quiet, and very few people are fighting.
村人经过协商，让年幼的孩子和妇女老人先上船，十四岁以上四十岁以下青壮年就等下一批。
After consultation, the villagers let the young children, women and the elderly get on the boat first, and the young adults over the age of 14 and under the age of 40 wait for the next batch.
郑琅的妻子和女儿也在走的第一批人中，这对母女经过雷木和王叶时，小女孩忽然挣脱母亲的手，跑到王叶身边，硬塞给他一样东西，这才跑回母亲身边。
Zheng Lang's wife and daughter were also among the first people to leave, and when the mother and daughter passed Lei Mu and Wang Ye, the little girl suddenly broke free from her mother's hand, ran to Wang Ye's side, and forced something into him, and then ran back to her mother.
雷木打趣王小叶：“那小女孩似乎很喜欢你。” Lei Mu teased Wang Xiaoye: "That little girl seems to like you very much." ”
王叶一脸被强塞的不爽：“才不是，你觉得这是好东西？”
Wang Ye looked unhappy when he was forced: "No, do you think this is a good thing?" ”
王叶摊开手掌。 Wang Ye spread out his palms.
雷木惊讶，那竟然是一个小小的骷髅头。 Lei Mu was surprised that it turned out to be a small skull.
只有拇指大，按理这么小的东西，哪怕是骷髅头也应该很可爱，可这东西却怎么看怎么诡异，因为骷髅头的表情太痛苦了。
It's only the size of a thumb, and it stands to reason that such a small thing, even a skull should be cute, but this thing looks weird, because the skull's expression is too painful.
对的，这就是最诡异的一点，明明只剩下骨头，却有那么明显的表情。
That's right, that's the weirdest part, it's clear that there are only bones left, but there is such an obvious expression.
王叶冷哼，这几天也不知道怎么回事，他似乎被幽灵缠上了，先是见到那个诡异的水下石屋，昨晚又见鬼开门屋，还听到幽灵的叹息声，今天偏又拿到一份这么特殊的谢礼。
Wang Ye snorted coldly, he didn't know what was going on in the past few days, he seemed to be entangled by a ghost, first he saw the weird underwater stone house, and last night he opened the house again, and heard the ghost's sigh, and today he got such a special thank you gift.
他可是跟村民打听过那栋小屋，那屋子据说闹鬼，已经很久没有人居住，也没人敢接近。
He had inquired with the villagers about the hut, which was said to be haunted, uninhabited for a long time, and no one dared to approach it.
“我去问问那女孩这是什么，她给你这东西又是什么意思。”雷木生气，说着就要往船上走。
"I'm going to ask the girl what this is, and what she means by giving you this." Reimu got angry and said that he was about to go to the boat.
王叶拉住他，郁闷地道：“不用了，我知道这是什么。”
Wang Ye grabbed him and said depressedly: "No need, I know what this is." ”
雷木转头看他。 Remu turned to look at him.
王叶：“这是咒怨骷髅，魔偶的一种。那女孩是魔偶制作方面的天才，这东西大概是她自己近期制作的。不过材料不是新的，可能是她小时候找到的，这骷髅头里本身就含着原主留下的强烈怨恨，她应该是感知到了，这可是绝佳的制作咒怨骷髅的材料。”
Wang Ye: "This is a kind of cursed skeleton and puppet. The girl was a genius at puppetry, presumably a recent one of her own. However, the material is not new, it may have been found when she was a child, and this skull itself contains a strong resentment left by the original owner, she should have sensed it, this is an excellent material for making a cursed skeleton. ”
“她给你这个干什么？”雷木不解。 "What did she give you this for?" Lei Mu was puzzled.
“这东西可以诅咒别人，也可以挡灾。那女孩大概觉得我会遇到倒霉事，就把这东西送给我了。”
"This thing can curse others and ward off disasters. The girl probably thought something bad was going to happen to me, so she gave it to me. ”
“倒霉事？” "Bad luck?"
“是啊，说不定会和幽灵有关。”王叶盯着手中小骷髅头，幽幽地道。
"yes, maybe it has something to do with ghosts." Wang Ye stared at the small skull in his hand, and said faintly.
王叶收起骷髅头，同时他也接收到一份因果之力。 Wang Ye put away the skull, and at the same time he also received a power of cause and effect.
他救过那女孩，那女孩制作出一枚咒怨骷髅当做回报，两人之间的因果就算是了结了。
He saved the girl, and in return the girl made a cursed skeleton, and the cause and effect between the two was over.
“木木，等会儿你陪我去一座鬼屋看看吧。”他想看看到底是什么鬼在三番五次地找他，又是否和寄生虫族有关系。
"Mumu, you can accompany me to a haunted house later." He wanted to see what the hell was looking for him over and over again, and if it had something to do with the parasites.
反正现在寄生虫族都躲起来了，佣兵公会又很积极地准备派人下去溶洞群探索，他到时跟着一起去就可以。
Anyway, now that the parasites are hiding, the Mercenary Guild is very active in preparing to send people to explore the cave group, and he can go with him then.
在这之前，他可以先和雷木去鬼屋玩玩。 Before that, he can go to the haunted house with Thunderwood.
第86章 幽灵连爷爷 Chapter 86: Ghost Company Grandpa
有些地方哪怕白天去看，你仍旧会觉得毛骨悚然，不想踏进去一步。
There are some places that you will still feel creepy and not want to take a step in even if you visit them during the day.
两人眼前的这座小木屋就是这样。 The small cabin in front of the two of them was like that.
小木屋破败得不算很厉害，周围杂草和屋上青苔似乎都有人去除，屋顶也完整。就是昨晚还对王叶敞开的门扉，这会儿全都被木板钉在门框上，窗户上也被人钉了木板，就好像在防止什么出来。
The cabin was not very dilapidated, the weeds and moss on the house seemed to have been removed, and the roof was intact. Even the door that was open to Wang Ye last night was all nailed to the door frame by wooden planks at this time, and wooden planks were also nailed to the windows, as if to prevent something from coming out.
“小叶子！”一个壮实的少年冷不丁从木屋后面冒出来。
"Little Leaf!" A stout teenager emerged from the back of the hut.
“烈苍？”王叶惊讶：“你没有随船走？” "Blazing Firmament?" Wang Ye was surprised: "You didn't go with the boat?" ”
“我已经十四了，可以第二批走。”烈苍很骄傲地道。 "I'm fourteen, I can go in the second batch." Lie Cang said proudly.
“你怎么在这里？” "Why are you here?"
村人出于对寄生虫族的恐惧，佣兵公会让大家收拾行李后，哪怕没有轮到第一批上船的人也都集中到了码头那里，打算就在那儿板等船只回来。
Out of fear of the parasites, the mercenary guild asked everyone to pack their luggage, and even if it was not the turn of the first group to board the ship, they all gathered at the dock, intending to wait there for the ship to come back.
感恩村几乎成了一座空村，连土狗都看不到一条。 Thanksgiving Village has almost become an empty village, and not even a single earth dog can be seen.
说到狗，这座岛上是有狗的，据说是看守们带来的，一开始用来巡逻和看守监狱。狗也比较能生，没几年，岛上就有了不少狗，感恩村里就养了不少。
Speaking of dogs, there are dogs on this island, which are said to have been brought by the guards and used to patrol and guard the prison at first. Dogs are also relatively good, and within a few years, there are many dogs on the island, and there are many in the village.
但不知哪一年开始，村里包括监狱里的狗就开始不断失踪，到现在几乎都看不到活的狗在外面奔跑，也听不到一般村里最常听到的狗叫声。
But since the beginning of the year, the dogs in the village, including the prison, have been missing, and now it is almost impossible to see live dogs running outside, nor can you hear the barking of dogs that are most commonly heard in the village.
烈苍沉默了一会儿，反问：“你们来这里干什么？” Lie Cang was silent for a while, and then asked, "What are you doing here?" ”
王叶看烈苍表情，心中一动，猜测：难道这木屋就是烈苍的机缘？烈苍的机缘并不是在逃出囚犯岛以后遇到，而是就在这座岛上？
Wang Ye looked at Lie Cang's expression, his heart moved, and he guessed: Could it be that this wooden house is Lie Cang's chance? Liecang's chance didn't come after escaping from Prisoner Island, but on this island?
如此也能解释为什么烈苍最后能逃出几乎被寄生虫族占领的囚犯岛。
This would also explain why Blaze was able to escape from Prisoner Island, which was almost overrun by the Parasites.
王叶眼珠一转，直接道：“昨晚我经过这里时，这座木屋的门打开了，我没进去，还听到了一声叹息。”
雷木侧目，这些王叶之前都没告诉他。
烈苍脸上露出奇怪神情，但不是惊讶，而是一种“原来你也碰上了”的安心和信任表情。
烈苍甚至笑起来：“我就在想你们俩救了我们村这么多人，连爷爷怎么可能没有一点表示，原来他已经找你们了。”
“连爷爷？”
“嗯，连爷爷就是这栋木屋的主人。”烈苍点头，对两人招手：“既然连爷爷邀请你们了，那你们跟我来吧。”
两人莫名所以地跟在烈苍身后。
烈苍绕到屋后，拨开草丛，拎起地窖入口的木板，自己率先走了下去。
雷木和王叶对望，两人也跟了下去。
地窖里意外的很干净，而且里面生活用具和床铺齐全，就像一个经常有人住的住处。
烈苍像主人一样的伸手介绍：“这就是我家，我母亲失踪以后，连爷爷就让我住在这里。”
“那位连爷爷还活着？”
烈苍点起油灯，一手持油灯，一手按到一扇小门上，摇摇头：“连爷爷很早就去世了。你们不要害怕，一开始我也很害怕，但和连爷爷接触后你们就会知道连爷爷是好人，他一直在试图守护这岛上的村民。”
烈苍推开小门，弯腰钻进去。
两人只好跟上。
小门过后是一条往上的狭窄通道，上面还有一扇门，推开就是小木屋内。
两人上来进入小木屋，第一眼就看到木屋正中的地面裂开了一个大洞。
洞的形状特别像人的嘴巴，看着瘆人。
烈苍忽然发出嘿嘿笑声：“原来这个裂口不是这个样子，是我慢慢搞出来的，大家看到都很害怕。”
王叶和雷木：“……”
王叶：没想到你是这样的烈苍！
烈苍指了指裂口：“想要找到正确的入口，只有两种方法，一种是得到连爷爷的邀请，一种就是得到我的邀请，从地窖那边进来。否则进来的人就算看到裂口，也会掉到其他地方，不会到达连爷爷那里。”
王叶：这是从动物世界跳到怪异事件频道了吗？下一站是不是走进科学？
雷木拉住王叶，不让他靠近裂口，语气冷淡地对少年烈苍道：“你带我们来这里是什么意思？你是不是知道我们要过来？”
烈苍委屈：“明明是你们先找到这里，也是你们说连爷爷邀请了你们，你们又救了村人，我才想带你们去见连爷爷，如果你们不想去，那就算了。”
王叶想到上辈子烈苍那嫉恶如仇的性子，决定多给这名少年一点信任：“能跟我们说说那位连爷爷的事情吗？”
烈苍对王叶好感更强，而且他自诩是村里所有孩子的头，对所有年龄比他小的孩子都有一种关照心理，见王叶跟他说话，表情就缓和了一些，索性在坑边坐下，放下油灯道：“好啊。”
雷木在木屋里找了一条还没腐朽的长条木凳，拉着王叶一起坐下。
烈苍不是个擅长说故事的孩子，说话时还经常丢三落四，需要王叶和雷木询问，他才想起来补充一两句。
经过烈苍叙述，王叶拼凑出了一个关于连爷爷故事的大概。
这位连爷爷的原名叫连升，他是一名看守，轮值五年后，本来有机会离开囚犯岛，却因为喜欢上一个还没有刑满的女囚，也不放心她，就在岛上留了下来。
那时岛上还没有村落，就是一些刑满释放又不想离去的囚犯在岛上建了简单的房屋居住。连升那会儿还很年轻，也在岛上建了一座房子，就是这栋小木屋。
那时候的囚犯岛管理非常混乱，用连升的话说，那时的监狱长是个比最恶毒的囚犯还要恶毒的恶棍。
那时女囚的日子过得非常凄惨，男囚也好不到哪里去。
那时的监狱长喜欢看人打斗，经常在监狱里组织囚犯之间的比武，所谓比武其实就是互相用命搏杀，只有杀死对手才能继续活下去。
那时的监狱长还在监狱里搞出自治，也就是看守完全不管事，监狱全部交给囚犯自己管理，谁厉害谁做老大。
而谁给监狱长的孝敬多，谁就能得到食物等重要物资。
为了获得食物，也为了能长期压制其他囚犯，那些当老大的囚犯就会不停孝敬监狱长，他们没钱没东西，就拼命欺压其他囚犯。其他囚犯就强的欺负更弱小的，整个监狱简直比丛林还丛林。
外面有钱、家里也愿意付出的囚犯还好说，那些家里没钱或者家人不愿给钱的囚犯，如果不想活在最底层，就只能拼命压榨其他囚犯，想发设法搞出钱来孝敬上面的囚犯。
很多囚犯不堪折磨死掉了……
那样的监狱，可想而知有多可怕。
年轻的连升实在看不下去，就暗中串联其他同样看不过眼的看守，想要联名上告那名监狱长，让上面换个监狱长过来。
结果有人出卖连升，那位监狱长知道后，就把连升抓进监狱，让他和囚犯打斗，说如果活下来就放他离开。其实监狱长根本就没有放他离开的意思。
连升不愿意打斗，他还呼吁那些囚犯和看守一起反对监狱长，说人多力量大，只要大家一起反抗，监狱长也不敢做什么，大家的日子可以过得更好，不必为了一点本应该得到的食物就活得像野兽一样。
连升还对看守说，做人要有良心，问他们现在晚上能睡得安生吗，真的愿意和这样的监狱长一起同流合污吗？
其实囚犯们除了极个别人，谁愿意过这样的日子？
囚犯们开始骚动。
看守们看到连升被抓，心里也都不舒服，不是他们良知觉醒，而是今天监狱长能抓连升，把他随意丢入比斗场，那么明天是不是就会轮到他们？
监狱长大怒，命人把连升的爱人从女囚营抓来，当着连升的面，把那名女囚虐待至死。还不住问连升后不后悔得罪他。
最惨的是那女囚死时，已经怀孕八个月，就要生产。
监狱长最后剖开女囚的肚子，把连升的孩子取出来，当场丢给狗吃了。
连升在监狱长出手凌虐爱人时就疯了，等亲眼看到爱人和未出世的孩子惨死，连升也不想活了。他恨监狱长，恨出卖他的人，更恨自己。
连升打赢了第一个囚犯，但监狱长并没有信守诺言把他放出来，而是让其他囚犯进去继续和连升打。
连升实力不错，但也禁不住车轮战。
接连打了五场，连升被活活打死。
监狱长还觉得晦气，让人把连升的尸体和那女囚的尸体都拖去喂狗，还命令其他看守都看着。
监狱长想利用这招杀鸡儆猴，让其他看守都不敢不听他的话。
但并不是所有看守都良知泯灭，他们只是害怕监狱长的权威，不敢反抗他。
当他们看到曾经的同事连升死得那么惨，连即将出生的孩子都没保住，他们对监狱长的畏惧心变质了，变得充满憎恨。
三天后的深夜，监狱长的别墅内突然响起监狱长的惨叫。
监狱长从他的别墅内逃出来，不断大喊有鬼，还高喊连升的名字。
监狱长一路逃跑，想跑进看守的宿舍区，同时呼救。
那晚听到监狱长呼救的看守很多，但想要出去救人的看守被其他看守拦住。
当晚监狱长就死了，死得非常诡异也非常凄惨，开膛破肚，浑身都是伤，全身骨头都断了。
从头到尾看到监狱长死亡经过的看守都讳莫如深。
曾经出卖连升的看守疯了，他想夺船逃跑，却在跳进海水里推船时被毒海蜇蜇死。
曾经跟着监狱长做尽恶事的看守也在一个接一个死亡，他们想逃，却怎么都离不开看守宿舍和监狱区。
那时的看守宿舍都没人敢去住。
之后剩下的看守一起伪造了监狱长和一些手下出海捕鱼散心，遇到风暴再也没有回来的假消息，请上面重派监狱长。
上面派人来查看情况，但派来的那名贵族对囚犯岛厌恶无比，来了后竟然连船都没下，就让管事的上岛随便问了问，拿了看守们准备好的证据，就回去了。
之后，新的监狱长和新轮值的看守们来了，原先的大部分看守离去，只有少数几人留下。
就这样，一年又一年过去，新的监狱长来了又去，连升在传说中变成了连爷爷，他当年的事也没多少人知道了，但他原先居住的那栋木屋一直没有人敢占据，而且那座木屋那么久没人居住，竟然也没有腐败倒塌。
“连爷爷在杀了那个恶毒的监狱长以后，就一直待在岛上守护无辜者。他说这是他对自己的惩罚，他保护不了自己的妻儿，做事不周全连累她们，他就罚自己的灵魂不得安息。”烈苍长长叹息。
“他后悔对付那个监狱长了吗？”王叶忽然问。
烈苍一愣，随即用力摇头：“当然没有！连爷爷说他不后悔，他说这事必须有人领头做，如果没有人出头，那大家谁都不敢。他只恨自己做得还不够秘密，才导致事情没成功就先败露，他恨自己没有先保护好自己的爱人，恨自己考虑不全面。但他不后悔对付那个监狱长。”
“如果你以后遇到这样恶毒的人，是不是也会做和连爷爷同样的事情？”王叶又问。
“当然！”烈苍挺起胸膛，“强者必须保护弱者，这是强者存在的意义。强者不是用来欺压他人，强者的意义在于守护和拯救。你们不也是这样吗？”
王叶看得出来那位连爷爷的观念对烈苍影响很深。王叶不是这样正直的人，但他欣赏拥有这种观念的人。上辈子如果囚犯岛没有后来的事，烈苍应该会成长为一名顶天立地的伟男儿，成为无数人的保护者。
雷木看烈苍的眼神缓和了许多，语气也变得温和：“你知道那位连爷爷为什么找小叶子吗？”
烈苍吐气，猜测：“也许跟寄生虫族有关？连爷爷知道这岛上很多事情，但他不会把所有事情都告诉我，他说我还太小了，而且他不能和我经常交流，说人类和幽灵不能长期待在一起。”
“连爷爷是不是在教你武技？”王叶问。
烈苍眨眼，这个现在还没什么心眼的大男孩张口就道：“你怎么知道？”
王叶：很好，烈苍的机缘果然就在这座岛上。不过那位连爷爷有那么大本事把一个普通少年调教成武宗？还是三十岁的武宗？还是说那位连爷爷只是在给烈苍打基础，烈苍的机缘还没到？
王叶只是好奇，并没有抢夺烈苍机缘的意思，他已经有因果之力和虫巢，足够用了。
“你们还要去见连爷爷吗？”烈苍问。
王叶看向雷木，对他道：“我想去看看。”
雷木点头：“那就去吧。”
烈苍单手撑住坑边，“直接跳进来就可以。”说完，人就落入坑里。
王叶和雷木也跟着跳入坑中。
王叶留了个心眼，他给雷木和他自己都套上了一个【因果循环】保护罩。
落下的过程感觉中很长，实际很短。
粉尘溅起，王叶感到脚下踩住了什么软绵绵的东西，用手摸了摸，滑溜溜还有点韧性。
雷木伸手把王叶拉起来。
“你们没事吧？这里很安全。”烈苍显然已经习惯这种降落方式，落地很平稳，手里拿着的油灯都还好好的。
烈苍摸出火折子，吹燃，重新点燃油灯。
王叶觉得油灯的光太小，就拿出了两个矿灯，和雷木一人一个戴上，就戴在了手腕上。
烈苍对矿灯十分好奇，盯着看了半天，他似乎很想要一个，但不好意思开口。
王叶就假装没看到。
王叶再看那软绵绵的东西，上去摸了摸，心里有所猜测的同时施展了鉴定术。
果然是石棉矿石的风化物。
这些矿石风化或水化后，就留下了这种手感较为绵软的丝丝缕缕的纤维组织。这种纤维组织就是纺织石棉布的原材料。
石棉布是好东西，在古时候被称为火浣布，可以防火，脏了以后放在火中燃烧可以重新变得干净。
不过石棉这东西加工时产生的粉末容易造成严重的尘肺病，甚至致癌，并不适合拿出来当经济作物。
幸好他给雷木和自己都套上了因果循环保护罩。
王叶提醒烈苍：“以后这里你最好少来，要来也要蒙住脸，这里扬起的粉尘吸入身体无法排除，会残留在肺部，导致生病甚至死亡。”
烈苍张大嘴，又迅速捂上。
雷木轻声道：“这里是溶洞群。”
王叶也看出来了，这里应该是溶洞群的一部分，水分很足，而且这里风感很强烈，像是那种过道风。
烈苍原先不得不用手遮挡油灯，防止被吹灭。现在有两个矿灯照明，他就把油灯灭了。
“跟我来，往这边走。”烈苍走在前面带路。
王叶忽然睁大眼睛，就在刚才，他似乎看到烈苍背后出现了一个影子？
“你来了。”幽幽的声音在王叶耳边响起。
王叶飞快地握住雷木的手，贴到他身边，惊恐无比地道：“木木，鬼来了。”
雷木好笑地看他，这小子心里明明在笑。
第87章 石棉矿粉
“你不用害怕我，我不会伤害你。”也许是到了自己的地盘，幽灵放开了很多，他的声音都带着笑意。
“连升？连爷爷？”王叶小心翼翼地问。
连升笑：“是我。”
“你为什么吓我？”王小叶似乎仗着身边有人在，胆子变大，气呼呼地问。
“吓你？没有啊，我一看你就很有好感，从你做的事情也能看出，你是个好孩子，我想跟你聊聊。”
王叶：……上辈子加这辈子，他还是第一次听到有人说他是好孩子，尴尬。
“水潭里那个圆锥形的石屋是不是也和你有关？”王叶问。
连升笑，承认：“是啊，可惜你是个谨慎的孩子，我明明都邀请你了，你却跑掉了。”
“你管那叫邀请？”王叶无语：“你换一般孩子看看，早给你吓死了。别说孩子，大人也能给你吓懵。”
“所以至今为止只有大壮住进我家的地窖，还能来到这里。”连升幽幽道。
王叶眯了眯眼睛，从这位的口气听来，可真不像是什么一心保护弱者的好幽灵，就算他有这个心，也不是谁都保护。
感恩村除了大壮，弱小的孩子更多，还有很多孩子倒霉的失踪或死亡，也没见这幽灵跑出来救人。
“你……其实是后悔了吧？”王叶冷不丁道。
连升竟然也没生气，还回答王叶：“也不算后悔，只是愤怒。”
王叶：“愤怒那些看守和囚犯没有帮助你，反而助监狱长为虐？愤怒那些人就那么看着你和你的爱人孩子惨死，却什么也没做？愤怒那些人软弱悲哀，连自救都不愿意？愤怒人类天生的自私残忍寒凉本性？”
走在最前面的烈苍像是什么都没有察觉。
雷木有所察觉，他的眼睛发出光，正在用眼术扫视四周，重点看王叶身边。
王叶加重握住雷木的手。
雷木回握。
连升竟然赞叹道：“你果然不是一个普通的孩子，你对幽灵的害怕都是伪装出来的吧？”
连升真的很喜欢王叶，哪怕小孩言语并不尊重，他也没有因此对王叶产生恶感。
王叶没兴趣回答这个显而易见的问题，又问：“你是不是早就知道岛上有寄生虫族？为什么不早点告诉岛民？”
“你以为我没说吗？”连升冷笑：“可除了一个人，谁也没有相信我。而相信我的人，却……被我害了。”
王叶脑中迅速闪过一道讯息：“那人是上代监狱长？”
“你怎么知道？”连升反问。
王叶：“我偷听到变异体尤金和现在的监狱长对话，他提到前代监狱长是第一个被寄生虫族寄生的人。那时候寄生虫族还没准备寄生人类，但你告诉了前监狱长寄生虫族的事，加上村子有人失踪，那位前监狱长又是个极为负责的人，就进入溶洞群寻找，并一心想要找到寄生虫族的王虫和虫巢，然后才被寄生虫族寄生，我说的对吗？”
连升沉默，过了一会儿才回道：“对。”
“除了这位前监狱长，你就没有再把寄生虫族的事告诉其他人？”
“辛加烈被寄生了，他在还能坚持自我意识的时候跟我说，让我不要把寄生虫族的事再告诉别人，因为我告诉谁，谁就会被寄生，或者被杀死。寄生虫族不会允许有人把消息泄露出去，如果我不说，他还能把岛上的非囚犯想办法分批送出去。”
“不对。你是这么容易受威胁的人？”如果连升是这样的人，当年也不会暗中串联其他人反抗那时的监狱长。
连升突然发出怪异的笑声：“小孩，你还真了解我。是啊，我只是想通了，我观察了寄生虫族的社会构造，观察它们的生活，我发现寄生虫族上下秩序井然，虽然也有残酷的生存竞争和弱肉强食，但它们不会阴奉阳违、不会当面一套背地一套、不会背叛、不会刻意欺凌弱小，它们还上下一心，极为团结，这个种族还富有智慧。它们完全不比人类差，如果它们能拥有人类的身体，它们会成为更出色的种族。自私凉薄的人类根本无法和它们比！”
王叶：“如果你真这么想，你就不会教导烈苍……大壮。”
连升再次沉默。
王叶已经大致推断出连升的心理状态，这位其实就是扭曲得矛盾了。
连升深植于潜意识的三观让他无法坐视寄生虫族危害人类，但他又因为爱人和孩子的死亡对岛上看守和囚犯的凉薄冷漠自私感到心冷，这份心冷也延伸到对全部岛民乃至整个人类。
他可能好不容易才下定决心把寄生虫族的事告诉前监狱长辛加烈，大约也是辛加烈的为人打动了他？
结果辛加烈却因此被寄生虫族寄生，还惨烈地坚持自我意识整整一年。
在这一年中，幽灵连升肯定想尽办法想要拯救辛加烈，但可能他的种种努力都失败了，辛加烈的意识最后还是消失了。
连升再度受到了打击，他曾经因为自己的不谨慎害死了自己的爱人和孩子，这次又因为他“多管闲事”，害死了一个好监狱长。
连升的心冷了，加上后面的监狱长辛格尔被金矿诱惑，甚至开始倒卖虫卵药丸，让连升对人类的人性进一步失望。
所以连升很矛盾，他想帮助人类，又不愿接近他们。
而心态有些扭曲的连升连帮助别人都采取了一种扭曲的方式，比如在需要帮助的孩童和弱者面前，打开木屋的门。
可这种帮助方式，胆小的人都不敢靠近。
也只有烈苍这样的傻大胆才敢真正走入木屋，从而得到连升的帮助和栽培。
“行了，不用说我的事了。既然你们已经发现寄生虫族，还找来佣兵公会对付它们，那么就趁它们病要它们命，我会告诉你王虫和虫巢在哪里。不过你们也必须帮我一个忙。”
连升发现不能和这小孩谈心，这小孩不但不像大壮一样好忽悠，还特别犀利，几句问答差点把他这样的老鬼带进沟里。
而且这小孩身边的青年也不是弱者，对方的眼睛似乎能看到他，现在看他的神情似乎很想把他灭掉？
“什么忙？你别一上来就说必须，谁知道你这个忙难不难？如果你让我帮你复生、帮你消灭全部人类，难道我也要答应吗？”王叶理直气壮道。
连升：“……为什么我第一眼看到你时竟然会觉得你可爱？我一定感知出问题了！”
王叶恍然想到他身上好像还有一个增益buff“幽灵老海盗的感谢”，面对幽灵类存在可以自动增加5点好感值。
怪不得这个幽灵会盯上他……
连升郁闷，但他也找不到更值得拜托的人了，他的直觉告诉他：这个孩子能帮到辛加烈。
原因？原因当然是这小子得到了虫巢！
“你听变异体尤金提起过前监狱长辛加烈，那你知道他是个什么样的人吗？”连升试图换一种方式说服小孩帮忙。
王叶耸肩：“不认识，不了解。”
连升忍气，尽量心平气和地说道：“我从第二代监狱长开始就在这座岛上，辛加烈是我见过最好最负责的监狱长，不止如此，他还是个好人。”
连升接下来告诉王叶：
二十五年前，辛加烈来到囚犯岛，成为新的监狱长，他花了五年时间改变了这里很多，把囚犯岛从混乱、暴虐状态变得井井有条。
男囚、女囚全都分开，井水不犯河水。食物供给变得正常，增加了娱乐设施，犯人还有了做工赚钱的机会。
辛加烈还很照顾一些罪行不重的犯人，他把脾气比较平和、为人比较善良的囚犯集中关在一起，把那些真正暴虐和狠毒的囚犯，与普通囚犯分开。
犯人和非犯人更是分得清清楚楚，不是犯人的人就不会允许住在监狱区。
辛加烈还很在乎很同情小孩子，特地建造了一座村子安置囚犯们的后代。
那时村子也不叫什么狗屁的感恩村，而是被戏称为毛孩村，意思这个村子里住的大多都是毛孩子。
辛加烈还安排了一些到了刑期但无处可去、且品性尚可的男女照顾孩子们。
在辛加烈没来之前，岛上的孩子住得很混乱，有的跟着女囚住在一起，有的被赶到男囚营，这些孩子都是囚犯岛的最底层，如果有父母亲人保护还好，如果没有，这些孩子极难长大，好不容易长大也容易被摧残死。
但有些女囚恳求辛加烈，说孩子太小，希望孩子能在身边长大一点再分开。
辛加烈同意了，只要女囚肯好好养活孩子，这些孩子无论男女都能在母亲身边待到十岁。
Singariel agreed, and as long as the female prisoners were willing to provide for their children, both male and female, they could stay with their mothers until they were ten years old.
辛加烈还给十岁以上的孩子安排了一些轻省的工作，比如在厨房打扫卫生或做一些洗刷削皮的杂活，或者帮看守们打扫宿舍、清洗衣物床单等等，好让他们能赚一些钱财伴身。
Singarel also arranged for children over the age of 10 to do some light jobs, such as cleaning in the kitchen or doing some handy work such as washing and peeling, or helping the guards clean the dormitories, wash clothes and bed sheets, etc., so that they could earn some money to keep them together.
他还让看守们定期带孩子们去捕猎和钓鱼，教孩子们各种生存技巧，让他们学一些木工、纺织、打猎、烹饪……之类的手艺。
He also had the guards take the children on hunting and fishing trips on a regular basis, teaching them various survival skills, woodworking, weaving, hunting, cooking...... and so on.
如果这些孩子想要离开岛屿，他也会让孩子们签下自愿离开的免责书后，让他们带上他们的所有财产，跟着来探望囚徒的探望船只一起离开。
有些孩子离开了，但大多数孩子比较畏惧外面的世界，宁可留下。
当时很多囚犯在刑期满了后都不愿意离开囚犯岛，宁可留在囚犯岛的毛孩村生活。
逐渐的，一个充满阳光和希望的村庄出现了，囚犯岛的气氛也为之改变，一切都变得越来越好。
Gradually, a village full of sunshine and hope emerges, and the atmosphere of Prisoner Island changes, and everything is getting better and better.
连升说到这里，情绪突然变得激动，愤怒道：“可二十年前，现在的监狱长辛格尔到来，辛加烈就从监狱长变成了仓管区负责人。”
When Lian Sheng said this, his emotions suddenly became excited, and he said angrily: "But twenty years ago, when the current prison warden Singel arrived, Singarie changed from the prison director to the head of the warehouse management area. ”
王叶指出：“那时辛加烈应该已经被寄生了吧？让上面派新的监狱长，应该是辛加烈还有自己意识的时候，自己要求的吧？”
Wang Ye pointed out: "At that time, Singariel should have been parasitized, right? Asking the higher authorities to send a new warden should have been asked by Singarie himself when he was still conscious, right? ”
“是的，辛加烈就是这样负责的人。”连升痛苦，之后就开始发泄对新监狱长辛格尔的不满。
"Yes, Singari is such a responsible person." Lian Sheng was in pain, and then began to vent his dissatisfaction with the new prison director, Singel.
一开始辛格尔仍旧遵照辛加烈的安排，并没有对囚犯岛做什么大的改动，只不过把毛孩村的名字正式定为感恩村，又定下岛上非囚犯的十二岁以上男女都必须交税的新规定。
At first, Singal still followed Singarieh's arrangement, and did not make any major changes to the prisoner island, except that the name of the hairy child village was officially designated as Thanksgiving Village, and a new rule that both men and women over the age of 12 who were not prisoners on the island must pay taxes.
但大的规定并没有改变，加上辛加烈人还在，辛加烈无论在看守还是在囚犯中都特别有威望，有他的照顾，岛上非犯人和孩子们生活得还算安定。
But the big rules have not changed, and the Singaret people are still there, and Singarel is particularly prestigious among the guards and prisoners, and with his care, the non-prisoners and children on the island live a fairly stable life.
可七年前，随着新监狱长辛格尔发现金矿，岛上的生活就开始变味了。
But seven years ago, life on the island began to take a turn for the worse when Singel, the new prison warden, discovered a gold mine.
感恩村村民明明觉得生活没什么太大变化，却感觉越来越辛苦。
The villagers of Thanksgiving Village obviously feel that life has not changed much, but they feel that it is getting harder and harder.
村民不断失踪，孩童不断失踪。 Villagers and children continue to disappear.
先是犯人被安排去挖矿、炼矿石，紧接着村里十岁以上的孩童也被安排了新工作。
First, the prisoners were assigned to mine and smelt ore, and then the children over the age of 10 in the village were also assigned new jobs.
感恩村村民不是没有反抗过，但结果就是大量人口失踪，还有人直接被抓进监狱变成了囚犯。
The villagers of Thanksgiving Village did not resist, but as a result, a large number of people disappeared, and some people were directly arrested and put into prison and turned into prisoners.
有人想要离开，但监狱长连海边都不准大家去，所有船只都被强行没收，更别说让人自由离开。
Some people wanted to leave, but the warden did not even allow everyone to go to the beach, and all the boats were forcibly confiscated, let alone allowed to leave freely.
感恩村的人不是囚犯，却过起了和囚犯一样的生活。 The people of Thanksgiving Village are not prisoners, but they live the same life as prisoners.
感恩村的孩子们也再度成为了这座岛的最底层，如果不是担心未来人口的问题，这些孩子可能死得更快更多。
The children of Thanksgiving Village are once again at the bottom of the island, and if it weren't for the fear of future population, these children could have died faster and more.
“如果辛格尔没来，如果辛加烈还是这座岛的监狱长，这座岛就绝不会是现在这种样子！”连升的声音充满无限懊悔。
"If Singal hadn't come, if Singari had been the warden of this island, this island would never be what it is now!" Lian Sheng's voice was full of infinite remorse.
“哪怕辛加烈没有被寄生虫族寄生，只要他还是辛加烈，他也一定能劝阻辛格尔。辛加烈和我不一样，他是个行动力很强的人，如果他发现无法劝阻辛格尔，他一定会直接拿下辛格尔，而看守们都信任他，囚犯们也爱戴他，所有人都会帮着辛加烈。”
"Even if Singariel is not parasitized by the parasitic zerg, as long as he is still Singari, he will definitely be able to dissuade Singar. Unlike me, he is a very active person, if he finds that he can't dissuade Singel, he will definitely take Singar directly, and the guards trust him, the prisoners love him, and everyone will help Singariel. ”
王叶偏头：“辛加烈还活着？” Wang Ye tilted his head: "Xin Jialie is still alive?" ”
连升声音一收，过了一会儿才说道：“辛加烈的情况比较特殊，你跟我来，看到就明白了。”
Lian Sheng's voice retracted, and after a while, he said: "Xin Jialie's situation is quite special, you come with me, and you will understand when you see it." ”
走在前面的烈苍也恰在此时回头，说：“就快到了，前面就是连爷爷现在居住的地方。”
Lie Cang, who was walking in front, also turned around at this time and said, "It's almost there, and the front is where Grandpa Lian lives now." ”
前方赫然出现了一座圆锥形的石屋。 A cone-shaped stone house appeared in front of it.
不过这次石屋不是在水潭里，而是就坐落在地上。 This time, however, the stone house was not in a waterhole, but on the ground.
周围的岩石和他之前看到的石棉矿石很像，这竟然是一个石棉矿洞。
The surrounding rocks were similar to the asbestos ore he had seen before, and it turned out to be an asbestos cave.
不对，这座圆锥屋不是他之前看到的那一座。 No, this cone house wasn't the one he had seen before.
王叶脑中自然浮起他记下的溶洞群地图，结合上辈子他记下的地图，加上这辈子的探索结果，再对照地面地形，他发现这里极有可能是岛屿另一侧。
Wang Ye naturally had a map of the cave group he had memorized in his mind, combined with the map he had written down in his previous life, plus the results of his exploration in this life, and then compared with the terrain on the ground, he found that this was most likely the other side of the island.
囚犯岛有一面与海沟岛靠得极近，中间就只有一条百米宽的海沟。
One side of Prisoner Island is very close to Trench Island, with only a 100-meter-wide trench in between.
而他们现在这一侧就是距离海沟岛最远的一侧。 And their current side is the farthest side from Trench Island.
王叶忽然停住脚步，拿出一块布扔给烈苍：“把你的鼻子和嘴巴包住。”聊胜于无。
Wang Ye suddenly stopped, took out a piece of cloth and threw it to Lie Cang: "Wrap your nose and mouth." "Better than nothing.
烈苍不明所以。 Lie Cang didn't know why.
王叶用手指对着整个矿洞空间画了一个圆圈：“这里有风，到处都是石棉矿粉，我刚才就跟你说过，这东西吸入肺里有害。”
Wang Ye drew a circle with his finger on the entire cave space: "There is wind here, asbestos mineral powder everywhere, I told you just now, this thing is harmful if it is inhaled into the lungs." ”
烈苍还没有说话，连升先有反应了：“对人类有害，是不是对寄生虫族同样有害？”
Before Lie Cang could speak, Lian Sheng reacted first: "It's harmful to humans, isn't it also harmful to the parasites?" ”
王叶：“什么意思？” Wang Ye: "What do you mean?" ”
连升没有隐瞒：“我会选择这里落脚，就是因为寄生虫族讨厌这里，连接近都不愿意。”
Lian Sheng didn't hide it: "I will choose to settle here, just because the parasites hate this place, and they don't want to be close." ”
王叶眼睛亮起来，他还是第一次听说寄生虫族有如此明显讨厌的东西。
Wang Ye's eyes lit up, it was the first time he had heard that the parasitic Zerg had such an obvious annoyance.
石棉矿粉，或者说石棉矿，对寄生虫族有巨大伤害作用吗？
Does asbestos powder, or asbestos mineral, have a great harmful effect on parasites?
如果这是真的，那就太棒了！ If that's true, that's great!
为了确认这点，王叶呼唤小光：“小光，我弄点东西进去，对你可能有一定伤害，你能帮我测试一下吗？我会很小心，一旦发现对你有危险，立刻就把你弄出来。”
In order to confirm this, Wang Ye called Xiaoguang: "Xiaoguang, I will get something in, it may hurt you to a certain extent, can you help me test it?" I'll be careful and get you out as soon as I find out I'm in danger to you. ”
他也就问问，小光不同意，他就另外找一只寄生虫。 He also asked, Xiaoguang disagreed, so he found another parasite.
小光：“咿！” Xiaoguang: "Bah! ”
“可以！”不就一枚二级魔晶吗？王叶没想到小光这么爽快，他反而不舍得了。
"Yes!" Isn't it just a second-level magic crystal? Wang Ye didn't expect Xiaoguang to be so refreshing, but he was reluctant.
“你感受一下，告诉我你的真实感受。”到底是自己虫，王叶又加了一句：“不用勉强。”
"Feel it, tell me how you really feel." In the end, it was his own worm, Wang Ye added: "Don't be reluctant." ”
小光：咿！它才不会勉强自己。 Xiaoguang: Bah! It doesn't force itself.
王叶手一招，就吸收了不少石棉矿粉进入虫巢，单独放入了一个隔离房中。
With one move, Wang Ye absorbed a lot of asbestos mineral powder into the insect nest and put it into an isolation room alone.
小光听令飞到隔离房中，刚进去就掉头往外跑。 Xiaoguang flew to the isolation room after listening to the order, and turned around and ran out as soon as he entered.
“咿咿咿！”讨厌讨厌讨厌！ "Babble!" Hate hate hate!
王叶心疼，下次这种事还是找别的虫吧。 Wang Ye was distressed, next time this kind of thing should find another worm.
“小光，怎么个讨厌法？是不舒服，还是呼吸不畅，还是有其他什么感受？”
"Xiaoguang, why do you hate the law? Is it uncomfortable, or is it breathless, or is it something else? ”
小光很愤怒地大叫：“咿！呼吸……累，飞……累。烫！坏东西！”
Xiaoguang shouted angrily: "Bah! Breathe...... Tired, flying...... Tired. Scald! Bad! ”
“抱歉抱歉，我这就给你治疗。”王叶给小光使用生生不息，又把它送回金巢休息，还额外奖励了它一枚二级魔兽魔晶。
"I'm sorry, I'm going to treat you." Wang Ye gave Xiaoguang an endless use, and sent it back to the Golden Nest to rest, and also rewarded it with an additional second-level Demonic Beast Crystal.
小光的怒火总算平息。 Xiaoguang's anger finally subsided.
王叶则兴奋得一把抱住雷木：来吧，让我们和寄生虫族互相伤害，看谁先挺不住。
Wang Ye was so excited that he hugged Lei Mu: Come on, let's hurt each other with the parasitic Zerg and see who can't stand it first.
第88章 考验 Chapter 88: The Test
虽然测试出寄生虫族很可能对石棉矿粉极度厌恶，但是不是整个族群都厌恶，中高级寄生虫族是否能够抵抗石棉矿粉的伤害，以及最重要的是变异体是否也排斥石棉矿粉，这些都还需要检验。
Although it is likely that the parasite is extremely averse to asbestos powder, not the entire population is disgusted, and whether the intermediate and advanced parasites can resist the damage of asbestos powder, and most importantly, whether the mutant also repels asbestos powder, these need to be tested.
不管如何，王叶收了不少石棉矿粉和一定的石棉矿石放入隔离间。
In any case, Wang Ye collected a lot of asbestos mineral powder and a certain amount of asbestos ore and put them into the isolation room.
烈苍听王叶说寄生虫族很可能讨厌甚至惧怕石棉矿粉，也抓了几块碎矿石放到衣兜里。
Lie Cang heard Wang Ye say that the parasitic insect clan probably hated and even feared asbestos mineral powder, so he also grabbed a few pieces of crushed ore and put them in his pocket.
连升不知道王叶已经做了一次测试，他被王叶提醒，喃喃道：“我还以为寄生虫族不愿接近这里是因为这栋屋子……”
Lian Sheng didn't know that Wang Ye had already done a test, he was reminded by Wang Ye, and muttered: "I thought that the parasite was reluctant to approach here because this house was ......"
就像是潭水下那栋圆锥形石屋，寄生虫族很想进入那里又不敢。
It's like the conical stone house under the pool, and the parasites want to enter it but don't dare.
王叶好奇：“有两栋圆锥形石屋？原本就有？” Wang Ye was curious: "There are two conical stone houses?" Originally there? ”
连升点头，他既然带两人来到这里，就没有打算隐瞒：“我死以后，有过一段朦胧期，那时的我充满愤怒和怨念，当我意识清醒，我就在潭水下的那栋石屋里了。那里没有人，但有股奇特的力量可以强大我的灵魂，我借用那股力量复了仇。复仇结束，我突然意识到，如果我继续疯狂下去，我很可能会被那股力量吞噬。”
Lian Sheng nodded, since he brought the two of them here, he had no intention of hiding it: "After I died, there was a hazy period, when I was full of anger and resentment, and when I was conscious, I was in the stone house under the pool. There was no one there, but there was a strange power that could strengthen my soul, and I borrowed that power to get revenge. The revenge was over, and I suddenly realized that if I continued to go crazy, I would most likely be consumed by that force. ”
“我渴望力量，却也惧怕它。尤其在我发现这股力量竟然就是以怨恨和其他负面精神能量为食。这也导致这岛上产生的怨灵不多，很多人死后，怨恨等负面能量都会被吸收，只剩下最纯粹的灵魂，慢慢地就消散了，灵魂回归于天地。”
"I crave power, but I also fear it. Especially when I found out that this power actually feeds on resentment and other negative mental energy. This also leads to the fact that there are not many resentful spirits on this island, and after many people die, negative energies such as resentment will be absorbed, leaving only the purest soul, which will slowly dissipate, and the soul will return to heaven and earth. ”
雷木忽然道：“听你这么说，这股力量相当于可以让灵魂安息？”
Lei Mu suddenly said: "Hearing you say this, this power is equivalent to making the soul rest in peace?" ”
连升：“是的。可惜我清醒的太迟，没能见到我的爱人和孩子的灵魂，但我知道他们安息了。”
Lian Sheng: "Yes. Unfortunately, I woke up too late to see the souls of my lover and children, but I knew they were at rest. ”
这才是连升没有变成超级大怨灵的最大原因。 This is the biggest reason why Lian Sheng didn't become a super resentful spirit.
“为什么没有其他灵魂像你一样留下？”雷木又问。 "Why aren't there any other souls left like you?" Reimu asked again.
连升语气有点迷茫，也有点骄傲：“我和那股力量相处久了以后，略微明白了一点，我的灵魂或者说我的精神力比较特殊，所以我才能吸收和借用这里的力量，也能在复仇后及时清醒过来。另外就是我足够克制，这两座房子里的力量对灵魂充满吸引力，可如果一味吸收，很容易迷失自己，最后连灵魂都会化作这两座房子的食物。”
Lian Sheng's tone was a little confused, but also a little proud: "After I have been with that force for a long time, I understand a little bit, my soul or my spiritual power is more special, so I can absorb and borrow the power here, and I can also wake up in time after revenge." In addition, I am restrained enough, the power in these two houses is full of attraction to the soul, but if I blindly absorb it, it is easy to lose myself, and in the end, even the soul will turn into food in these two houses. ”
连升飘到石屋窗户前，扭头对两人道：“进来。” Lian Sheng floated to the window of the stone house, turned his head and said to the two, "Come in." ”
窗户打开，连升先飘了进去。 The window opened, and Lian Sheng floated in first.
烈苍似乎已经多次进出石屋，跟着爬进窗户。 Lie Cang seems to have been in and out of the stone house many times, and climbed into the window.
王叶：“我们也进去。” Wang Ye: "Let's go in too." ”
雷木盯着打开的窗户，语气不太妙：“那里，我什么都看不到，一片黑暗。”
Lei Mu stared at the open window, and his tone was not good: "There, I can't see anything, it's dark. ”
这对他来说几乎是从来没有过的事，不管是什么东西都会有一定能量，如果运用眼术，他看到的世界就是深深浅浅各种颜色的能量光芒。
This is almost never something that has ever happened to him, no matter what it is, there will be a certain amount of energy, and if he uses his eyesight, the world he sees is a deep and light of energy of various colors.
可那石屋里面却一片纯黑。 But inside the stone house, it was completely black.
这只有一个可能：里面的能量比他强大得多，强大到让他的眼术失效。
There was only one possibility: the energy inside was much stronger than his, so powerful that his eye spell was ineffective.
雷木握住王叶的手，不太想他进去。 Lei Mu held Wang Ye's hand, not quite wanting him to go in.
王叶硬拖着雷木走到石屋门口，伸手抚摸石屋表面，暗中施展了一个鉴定术。
Wang Ye dragged Lei Mu to the door of the stone house, stretched out his hand to touch the surface of the stone house, and secretly performed an identification technique.
百科全书打开：【精神力量聚合体，是实物，也不是实物。欲知更多详细，请提升鉴定术等级。】
The encyclopedia opens: [The aggregate of spiritual power is a physical object, nor is it a physical object. For more details, please upgrade the Identification Skill Level. 】
王叶收回手掌，抬头对雷木道：“我的真实之眼告诉我，这里很可能是某种强大存在的精神力量具现物。”
Wang Ye withdrew his palm, raised his head and said to Lei Mu: "My True Eye tells me that this is likely to be the embodiment of some kind of powerful spiritual power. ”
雷木：“也就是说进入其中，就相当于进入那强大存在的精神领域？”
Lei Mu: "In other words, entering it is equivalent to entering the spiritual realm of that powerful being?" ”
“对。” "Yes."
“那我们会很被动。” "Then we'll be very passive."
“要么我们一个进去，一个留在外面接应？” "Or do we go in and the other stay outside to pick up?"
雷木瞅王小叶：“你进去，我留在外面？” Lei Mu glanced at Wang Xiaoye: "You go in, I'll stay outside?" ”
王叶还没点头，脑袋就被雷木敲了一下：“不管我们哪个单独进去，留在外面的那个都不会放心。你一定要进去？”
Before Wang Ye nodded, his head was knocked on the head by Lei Mu: "No matter which of us goes in alone, the one who stays outside will not be at ease." Do you have to go in? ”
王叶揉着脑袋嘟囔：“来都来了。”
雷木的好奇心并不比王叶低，他只是担心进入石屋无法保护王叶，但小叶子那么想进：“那就一起进去吧。”
王叶很想让雷木进入他的虫巢，这样一旦有什么万一，还能保下雷木。但话到嘴边，他又咽了下去，因为他知道雷木不会同意。
先进去的一鬼一人也没有催促他们，似乎笃定他们会进来。
雷木把王叶压在后面，自己先一步跨入打开的窗户。
王叶紧跟其后。
对比外面的漆黑，里面的空间不但明亮，还十分宽敞。
这是一间占地至少有上千平米的大厅，很像是国王的会议厅。
无数夜明珠照亮了这个空间。
里面有撑起大厅的巨大柱子，尽头是台阶，台阶最上端有一张巨大的纯黑色椅子。
最让人动心的是，这间大厅里到处都摆满了金银珠宝，那些在外面能卖出天价的宝贝就那么随意地堆积在那里。
还有武器，刀、剑、斧之类的武器要么插在地上，要么丢在地上，只看那刃口的寒光就知道这些武器有多么精良。
还有盔甲，精致美丽线条流畅，上面甚至还镶嵌着像是魔晶一样的宝石，一看就是大师级别的优良作品。
林林总总，似乎只有你想不到的，就没有这大厅里没有的宝物。
“这是考验？”王叶松开了雷木的手，神情不太愉快地道。
没有人回答他。
王叶一脚踢开挡路的宝光璀璨的王冠，迈着六亲不认的步伐往前走。
一直走到台阶最上端，都没有任何东西出来阻止他。
雷木在下面招呼他：“小叶子，你看，高级魔晶！这一袋魔晶最低的都有七级。”
王叶扭头，对雷木竖起中指：“滚蛋，你一点都不像我的木木，别顶着他的脸，小心我抽你！”
Wang Ye turned his head and raised his middle finger at Lei Mu: "Get out, you don't look like my Mu Mu at all, don't put your face on his face, be careful that I whip you!" ”
露出头脸的雷木露出伤心的表情，整个人原地散开。 Lei Mu, who showed his head and face, showed a sad expression, and the whole person scattered in place.
竟敢让木木流露出那样的表情，混蛋！王叶回头，看向那张空荡荡的椅子：“这种考验太低级了，你真的还要继续下去？”
How dare you make Mu Mu show such an expression, bastard! Wang Ye turned his head and looked at the empty chair: "This kind of test is too low-level, do you really want to continue?" ”
巨大的椅子消失，出现了一条向下的阶梯。 The huge chair vanished, and a downward staircase appeared.
王叶挑挑眉，顺着阶梯走下去。 Wang Ye raised his eyebrows and walked down the stairs.
下方同样是个大厅，不过变成了钟乳石大厅，里面也不再那么明亮，但有不少火把，能清楚看到周围环境。
Below is the same hall, but it has become a stalactite hall, and it is not so bright anymore, but there are many torches, and you can clearly see the surroundings.
连升站在大厅中间，神色奇异地道：“你怎么看出来那都是考验？”
Lian Sheng stood in the middle of the hall and said with a strange expression: "How can you see that it is a test?" ”
因为地球人的脑洞早就突破天际。王叶摆摆手：“见多了而已。”
Because the brains of the earthlings have already broken through the sky. Wang Ye waved his hand: "It's just that I've seen too much." ”
连升嘴角抽了抽：“这里有最后一道考验，如果你能过关，你会得到石屋力量的馈赠。我当初接受的考验就是对复仇的渴望，石屋借给我力量，让我去复仇，如果那时我肆无忌惮地使用那股力量，不但报复仇人，还滥杀无辜，那么我的考验就失败了。我不知道你的考验是什么，切记要保持头脑清醒。过来，碰触它。”
The corners of Lian Sheng's mouth twitched: "There is one final test here, if you can pass the test, you will be rewarded with the power of the stone house." The test I received at the beginning was the desire for revenge, and the stone house lent me the power to take revenge, and if I had used that power unscrupulously at that time, not only to avenge the avengers, but also to kill innocent people, then my test would have failed. I don't know what your trials are, remember to keep your head above water. Come here, touch it. ”
连升指了指他身边一颗飘浮的圆珠。 Lian Sheng pointed to a floating bead beside him.
圆珠大约巴掌大，看着很不起眼，没有光芒四射，也没有奇幻景象，就像一颗低劣玉石打磨出来的玉珠。
The bead is about the size of a palm, and it looks very inconspicuous, without radiance or fantasy, just like a jade bead polished from a shoddy jade.
王叶大大咧咧地走过去，伸手摸向圆珠，却又突然缩回，问：“大壮也接受了同样的考验吗？”
Wang Ye walked over with a big grin, stretched out his hand to touch the bead, but suddenly retracted, and asked, "Has Da Zhuang also accepted the same test?" ”
连升不耐烦道：“当然。” Lian Sheng said impatiently: "Of course." ”
“哦。”王叶转头四看，就是不去碰圆珠。 "Oh." Wang Ye turned his head to look around, but he didn't touch the beads.
连升等了又等，催促：“快点接受考验，别磨蹭了。放心，就算考验失败你也死不掉，顶多被石屋扔出去。”
Lian Sheng waited and waited, urging: "Hurry up and accept the test, don't grind." Rest assured, even if you fail the test, you won't die, at most you will be thrown out by the stone house. ”
王叶幽幽叹息：“我真的很想去触摸那颗珠子，特别想。当初你是不是也是这么渴望这股力量？”
Wang Ye sighed faintly: "I really want to touch that bead, especially want to." Did you crave this power in the first place? ”
连升：“……” Lian Sheng: "......"
王叶：“谢谢你啊，其实你在石屋外面就给了我们提醒，你说这座房子里的力量对灵魂充满吸引力，可如果一味吸收，迷失后就会化作这两座屋子的食物。”
Wang Ye: "Thank you, in fact, you gave us a reminder outside the stone house, you said that the power in this house is full of attraction to the soul, but if you blindly absorb it, it will turn into food for these two houses after being lost." ”
连升没说话。 Lian Sheng didn't speak.
王叶主动道：“考验就是一种吸引。很多人能过得了满地财宝那一关，但到了第二关，一听是考验，就会认为这是正常关卡。但期盼考验过关从而得到奖励，本来也是一种贪婪。”
Wang Ye took the initiative to say: "The test is a kind of attraction. Many people can pass the level full of treasures, but when they reach the second level, they will think that it is a normal level when they hear that it is a test. But expecting to pass the test and get rewarded is also a kind of greed. ”
连升忽然笑道：“你说得没错，不过这也是一个机会。当年我接受了这个考验，所以我复了仇。考验并不是假的，过关后给予的奖励也不是假的，只是要看你能不能忍得住及时停止吸收那股力量。”
Lian Sheng suddenly smiled: "You're right, but this is also an opportunity." I took this test, so I got my revenge. The test is not fake, and the reward given after passing the level is not fake, it just depends on whether you can bear to stop absorbing that power in time. ”
王叶摇摇头：“我是胆小鬼，也非常贪婪，我对自己的克制力也没有半点信心。考验什么的就放一边吧，你带我过来是想让我帮忙的对吧，帮什么忙，赶紧说。”
Wang Ye shook his head: "I'm a coward, and I'm also very greedy, and I don't have the slightest confidence in my restraint. Just put aside the test or something, you brought me here to ask me to help, right, what do you help, hurry up. ”
“其实这也是我对你帮忙的酬劳……” "Actually, this is also my reward for your help......"
“真不用。” "Not really."
“哪怕你接受这股力量后，精神力很快就能达到魔导师级别？”
"Even if you accept this power, your spiritual power will soon reach the level of a magister?"
王叶深吸气，拒绝这么一股能白拿的力量真的太难了：“真不用。”
Wang Ye took a deep breath, it was really too difficult to refuse such a force that could be taken for nothing: "I really don't need it." ”
连升深深地看小孩：“你太小心了。” Lian Sheng looked at the child deeply: "You are too careful. ”
王叶嘀咕：“小心无大错，我还有娃要养，哪能随便冒险。”
Wang Ye muttered: "Be careful, there's nothing wrong with it, I still have a baby to raise, how can I take risks casually." ”
再说，他知道的那些机缘足够他这辈子使用了，干嘛还要冒未知危险？
Besides, the opportunities he knew were enough for him to use in his life, so why risk the unknown?
连升听到那么小的王小叶说他还有娃要养，无语半晌：“这是你自己放弃的，不要后悔。我可以再给你三分钟的考虑时间。”
Lian Sheng heard the young Wang Xiaoye say that he still had a baby to raise, and he was speechless for a while: "This is what you gave up yourself, don't regret it." I can give you another three minutes to think about it. ”
连升消失。 The streak disappears.
王叶迫使自己不去看那枚圆珠，越看越想碰触。 Wang Ye forced himself not to look at the orb, and the more he looked at it, the more he wanted to touch it.
他能感觉到有一股庞大的力量从圆珠里透露出来，只要他能吸收一点点这股力量，他的精神力就会大幅度提升，他的虫巢也会再次升级，说不定浮游光虫都能按照他的心愿重新进化。
He could feel a huge force coming out of the orb, as long as he could absorb a little bit of this power, his spiritual power would be greatly improved, and his hive would be upgraded again, maybe the planktonic light worm could evolve again according to his wishes.
说不定烈苍当年就是吸收了这股力量，才在不久的未来成为武宗？
Maybe Lie Cang absorbed this power back then and became a martial artist in the near future?
只吸收一点点？ Absorb only a little?
只要他能像连升一样克制得自己……他一定能克制得住。
As long as he can restrain himself like Lian Sheng...... He will be able to restrain himself.
“木木，你可不能接受诱惑啊。不过你接受也不奇怪，爸爸经验这么丰富都要顶不住了~”王叶在心中不住念叨，并不停向雷木传达危险的意念。
"Mumu, you can't accept the temptation. But it's not surprising that you accept it, Dad is so experienced that he can't stand it~" Wang Ye couldn't stop chattering in his heart, and kept conveying dangerous thoughts to Lei Mu.
他不知道这有没有用，但只要有一点用，他就不会放弃。
He didn't know if it would work, but as long as it was a little useful, he wouldn't give up.
大概是心里一心想着雷木，那圆珠对他的吸引力一下就降低很多。
Probably thinking about Lei Mu in his heart, the attraction of the bead to him decreased a lot.
三分钟终于过去。 Three minutes finally passed.
咕咚，王叶猝不及防差点被灌了一口水。 Boom, Wang Ye was caught off guard and was almost poured a mouthful of water.
不过他一直使用因果循环保护罩环绕周身，这才让他没有太失态。
However, he has been using a causal loop shield to wrap around his body, which keeps him from losing too much of his temper.
王叶看到了前方眼熟的圆锥形石屋。 Wang Ye saw the familiar conical stone house in front of him.
他这是被传送到了水潭下的石屋边了吗？ Had he been teleported to the edge of the stone house under the waterhole?
与上次不同的是，这次石屋连窗户都没了，整体严密，连条缝隙都看不到。
Unlike last time, this time the stone house doesn't even have windows, and the whole is so tight that you can't see even a gap.
偏偏，游戏系统却在此时提醒他：【溶洞群探索90%。】
However, the game system reminded him at this time: [90% exploration of the cave group. 】
谢谢！王叶眼睛一亮。 Thank you! Wang Ye's eyes lit up.
他懂了，他不是在石屋外面，他已经来到了石屋里面。上次他来到石屋外面，游戏系统可什么反应都没有。
He understood, he was not outside the stone house, he had already come to the stone house. The last time he came outside the stone house, the game system didn't react at all.
王叶大胆地撤去保护罩，直接接触潭水。 Wang Ye boldly removed the protective cover and directly touched the pool water.
一股庞大的精神力量瞬间笼罩住他。 A huge spiritual force enveloped him in an instant.
天空中突然出现明亮的火光。 A bright fire suddenly appeared in the sky.
一道彗星一般的物体急速落向海面。 A comet-like object rapidly descended to the surface.
“哞——” "Moo-"
王叶听到了响亮的魔兽吼叫声，那叫声震耳欲聋。 Wang Ye heard the loud roar of the demonic beast, and the cry was deafening.
那是一只远古巨兽受到重伤时发出的怒吼。 It was the roar of an ancient beast when it was badly wounded.
王叶看到海面上浮起一座巨大的浮岛。 Wang Ye saw a huge floating island floating on the sea.
不，那不是浮岛，那是一只巨大无比的巨兽。 No, it's not a floating island, it's a huge beast.
浮出的部分只是它的上半身，它的下半身还在海水里。 The only part that floated out was its upper body, and its lower body was still in the sea.
巨兽粗大的脖颈在不断流血。 The beast's thick neck was bleeding.
那里被砸出了一个直径不小于十米的大坑。 A large crater with a diameter of no less than ten meters was smashed there.
巨兽痛苦难耐，它是海中的霸者，除了同类，平时根本没有什么存在能伤害到它，它的皮肤更是比顽石还要坚硬。
The giant beast is in unbearable pain, it is the overlord of the sea, except for its own kind, there is no existence that can hurt it at all, and its skin is harder than a stone.
可现在，它被从天空落下的东西砸伤，它的脖子就要断了。
But now, it was smashed by something falling from the sky, and its neck was about to break.
它的血液、它溢散的能量，吸引来大量掠食者。 Its blood, its overflowing energy, attracts a large number of predators.
天空、海面、海下……它们不敢靠近它，却又不肯远离，就那么默默地围着它，等待群起攻之分食的机会。
Sky, sea, sea...... They did not dare to approach it, but they refused to stay away, so they silently surrounded it, waiting for the opportunity to attack and eat.
也许不是每个等待的掠食者都知道这是它们进化的机会，但本能告诉它们，吞噬它的血液和肉体会使它们变得强大。
Perhaps not every waiting predator knows that this is their chance to evolve, but instinct tells them that devouring its blood and flesh will make them powerful.
巨兽只轻轻划动了一下肢体，海面就出现了巨大的漩涡，稍微弱一点的掠食者全都被漩涡卷入、绞碎。
The beast only swiped slightly, and a huge whirlpool appeared on the surface of the sea, and the weaker predators were all swept into and crushed by the whirlpool.
巨兽张嘴一吸，那些等待吞噬它的掠食者们全都成了它的食物。
The beast opened its mouth and sucked, and the predators waiting to devour it became its food.
它还要更多食物，食物越多，它愈合得越快。 It also needs more food, and the more food it has, the faster it heals.
巨兽展开了反掠食的路，所过之处，无数生灵成为它的食物。
The giant beast embarked on a path against predation, and countless creatures became its food wherever it passed.
可它的伤势一直没有痊愈，鲜血一直在往外流。 But its injuries have not healed, and blood has been pouring out.
就算它吞噬了无数掠食者，仍旧有不怕死地跟在它后面，等着它力竭的一天。
Even if it devours countless predators, there is still a day when it will be exhausted without fear of death.
终于，跟它同等级的非同种巨兽出现了。 Finally, a non-homogeneous beast of its rank appeared.
两只比它略小的巨兽一起向它发起了攻击。 Two behemoths slightly smaller than it attacked it together.
巨兽反击。 Behemoths fight back.
王叶看着巨兽就在不断攻击和被攻击、吃和被吃的过程中度过了很久很久。
Wang Ye watched the giant beast spend a long, long time in the process of constantly attacking and being attacked, eating and being eaten.
海面上很难看出四季，不过巨兽跑得地方太多，有鸟语花香的岛屿，也有冰雪覆盖的陆地。
It's hard to see the four seasons on the sea, but there are too many places for giant beasts to run, from islands with birds and flowers to snow-covered land.
终于，巨兽停了下来，它发现自己的伤势好不了了，那砸中它脖颈的东西不仅仅是天上掉落的石头，石头里面还有其他东西，那东西钻入它的身体，从内部吞噬它的血肉、吸食它的力量。
Finally, the beast stopped, and it found that its injuries were no longer healed, and that what had struck its neck was not just a stone falling from the sky, but there was something else in the stone, and that thing had burrowed into its body, devouring its flesh and blood from within, and sucking its power.
那些东西还想钻入它的大脑。 Those things want to get into its brain.
巨兽不甘心就这么死亡，但在它发现那些东西可以从内部吞噬它以后，它就把大部分力量用来封锁那些东西，不让它们离开自己的身体。
The beast was not willing to die, but when it realized that it could consume it from within, it used most of its power to seal off those things and keep them from leaving its body.
巨兽本能的知道不能让这种东西流到海中，否则不仅仅是它，整个海洋甚至整个世界的生物都会被这种看不见的怪物吞吃一空。
The giant beast instinctively knew that this kind of thing could not be allowed to flow into the sea, otherwise not only it, but the entire ocean and even the entire world would be devoured by this invisible monster.
“这个世界应该感谢你，你保护了她很久很久。”王叶呢喃。
"The world should thank you for protecting her for a long, long time." Wang Ye muttered.
“哞——”悲伤的叫声长长远远。 "Moo-" The cry of grief was long and long.
远古景象还在继续。 The ancient sight continues.
巨兽把所有能量都转到内部，和那些看不见的怪物厮杀。
The Behemoth turns all its energy inward to fight the unseen monsters.
它杀了很多很多。 It kills many, many people.
巨兽发出吼叫，告诉海中其他王者，说它的肉有毒，说有怪物钻入它的身体。
海中王者也发现了巨兽的异常，一名王者派出了强大的独角海牛一族，让它们包围住巨兽，不让其他掠食者靠近。
巨兽把剩下的怪物困在了自己的脑袋中，它不知道能困住这些怪物多久，它就这样困住它们，直到它们消失的那一天。
之后过去了太久远的时间，久远到独角海牛一族都忘记了它们为什么会逗留此处，逐渐的，独角海牛把这里当做了它们的坟场，当它们老去快要死亡时，它们就会主动来到这里。
当巨兽的力量溢散干净，留在这片海域再也没有任何好处，独角海牛离开了，海豆芽一族离开了，大量魔兽离开了这片海域。
千多年后，有一些人类因为海难漂流到这片海域，发现了其中一座岛屿，就在这里安家落户，这就是海沟岛人的先祖。
而海沟岛和囚犯岛，这两座看起来分开却极为相近的岛屿就是巨兽死后的骸骨堆积土石后自然生成。
囚犯岛主要是巨兽的头颅部分，海沟岛则是巨兽一部分躯体。
那条海沟则是巨兽用来隔离自己和其他生物之间的防守带，是它的力量所化。以前海沟围绕了囚犯岛一圈，但随着巨兽的力量逐渐衰退，以及沧海桑田的变化，海沟就只剩下一条。
巨兽的力量就要消失，可那些东西却从衰弱转向强大。
巨兽太累太累了，它也找不到它的同伴了，更找不到当初那些王者……
“你要消失了，它们却利用你的血肉进化……转化了，变得更加适应这个世界，你甘心吗？”王叶道。
“哞——”低沉的悲伤的鸣叫再度响起。
突然，王叶眼前出现了大量上辈子的记忆。他被迫作为旁观者，像看电影一样看了一遍自己上辈子的经历。
他很想阻止记忆流出，但他根本阻止不住，到最后，他干脆放任自流了。
随便你吧，想看就看。
如果就这么被游戏系统察觉，他也没办法了。
幸好，看他记忆的不是游戏系统。
当他短暂的一生结束，远古景象也跟着消失，王叶眼前一暗，重新泡回漆黑的水中。
很快，王叶就明白了，泡着他的不是水，而是那只巨兽的精神能量。
那座圆锥形的石屋也并不是石屋，而是巨兽的角。
它的角相对于它的身体很小很小，却是它全身能量的精华所在。它浑身血肉都已经消失，骨骼也大部分变成了化石，最后只剩下两个角……很快就将只剩下一个。
“消灭它们……”一道朦胧的意识直接传入王叶大脑。
王叶：“嗯，你不说我也会消灭它们。”
“交给王……”一只小小的角落入王叶怀中。
王叶傻眼：“喂喂，这是新的考验吗？能不能不要这么轻率？你都不了解我，就把这么重要的东西交给我了？还有你说的王是谁？”
“你拥有……王的……”巨兽吐出了一个奇怪的词语。
“我拥有王的什么？喂，老兄说清楚啊。”难道是元宇宙钥匙？王叶只能想到这个了。
“复生者……”
巨兽刚点出王叶的最大秘密，王叶还没来得及反应，一股无比庞大的精神能量猛地冲入他的精神核。
卧槽！王叶根本无力抵抗，当场就昏了过去。
第89章 抱月养魂贝
“小叶子，醒醒。”有人轻拍他的脸颊。
王叶眼皮抖动，睁开眼就看到所有人都在看着他。
王叶握住雷木的手，清楚感知到对方的情绪和精神波动，松了口气，这是他的木木。
“恭喜你们都通过了那股力量的测试。”连升语气淡淡地道。
王叶坐起身，就见他们正待在一个宛如蒙古包的洞穴里，上面是尖尖的顶。
“强买强卖，这是这个世界的传统是吧。”王叶哼哼唧唧。
雷木没听清楚小孩在说什么，拉他起来，低声问他：“你没事吧？”
王叶摇头，他事大了，但暂时不能说。
不过那巨兽虽然也是强买强卖，却先给了报酬，让他想拒绝都说不出口……报酬太丰厚了，且都已经吃进肚子里，他实在不想再吐出来。
“你呢？”王叶问雷木。
雷木拍拍他的小肩膀，“出去跟你说。”
王叶感知雷木心情，感觉不是什么坏事。
就连烈苍都很高兴，他今天也参加了测试，得到了莫大好处。
连升重点看的是王叶，见他表情不愉，不知道他遇到了什么事情，连升还不知道自己在王叶的测试中出现，只不过那个他不是他而已。
王叶看连升表情就知道他并不知道那股庞大的力量就是远古巨兽的精神力，更不知道那远古巨兽的精神力已经分成两半，一半在那只小角里，一半送给了他。
换言之，这座岛上的两个圆锥形石屋就要消失了。
其实，远古巨兽的精神力早已经坚持不下去，那些寄生虫族一直在谋夺它的精神力。
最可怕的是这一代的王虫竟然已经逐渐适应巨兽的精神力，正在想法子入侵它的精神核。
巨兽可不甘心肉体被寄生虫族消灭，连自己的灵魂都无法逃脱，它更不甘心用自己的精神力滋养寄生虫族的王虫。
巨兽一直在寻找解脱（逃脱）的方法，可惜岛上没有能承受它庞大精神力的人，也没有能抵抗寄生虫族并带走小角的人。
连升，甚至是辛加烈的灵魂都是巨兽的尝试，它发现这两个灵魂不同于常人，就帮了他们一把，但这两人的灵魂也不足以帮助它，更连实体都没有。
巨兽等啊等，就在要绝望的时候，等来了王叶。
它发现王叶精神力异常，而且能清楚分辨寄生虫族，且一来就冲着虫巢，还成功获得了虫巢。
巨兽就开始注意王叶。
等到王叶让虫巢吞噬了大量战虫寄生体，巨兽判断这个人类小崽有可能帮到它，就邀请它进入自己的精神世界，想要仔细摸摸王叶的底，谁想王叶“胆子太小”，竟然吓跑了。
就在巨兽打算强行把王叶吸入自己的精神世界时——这招很危险，很容易被一直盯着巨兽精神力的王虫察觉，甚至王虫能借由巨兽外放的精神波动入侵它。
幸好兜兜转转，王叶还是主动进入了巨兽的精神世界。
巨兽向王叶展开自己的记忆，同时也入侵了王叶的记忆，王叶的精神力虽然强盛，但在巨兽这个巨无霸面前就跟婴儿一样，没有半点自保之力。
巨兽了解到王叶竟然是重生者，还持有王的宝物——小孩称其为元宇宙钥匙，是最有可能找到王的人，当即就决定就是这个人了！
它没有时间，也不可能再等来更适合的人，王叶的精神力已经是它遇到过最强大的一个，而且王叶精神力变异了，这家伙还疯狂到和虫巢结合，让他的精神力有无限上涨和无限储存的可能性。
别人的精神力上涨和储存都有一个限度，但王叶吸收不了，可以暂时把多余的精神力储藏到虫巢中，或者干脆用来让虫巢成长。
虫巢成长，又相当于是王叶成长。
巨兽把自己的一半精神力馈赠给王叶并不是白给，这是让王叶保护它的角和把角交给王的报酬。
换了别人一定无法承受这么多的精神力，但王叶可以。
那巨兽为什么不少赠送一点精神力？原因很简单，那只角里隐藏着巨兽的精神核，那只角因为失去血肉能量供给，藏了精神核以后，就只能存放巨兽一半的精神力。
巨兽可不甘心让剩下的一半精神力就这么溢散，让岛上的寄生虫族吸收。
上辈子烈苍就曾接受过巨兽的精神力馈赠，可他只能接受一点点，就算这一点点，也让他未来成就无限。拥有强大的精神力，无论做什么都会有一个良好基础。
这辈子，烈苍同样接受了巨兽的精神力馈赠，也同样只接受了一点点。但他获得的好处要比上辈子多，因为有王叶在，巨兽心情愉快，对他的考验就是一带而过，半点没有上辈子那么严格，更没有摧残烈苍的精神力。
上辈子，巨兽因为看不到希望，对接受它精神力馈赠的几个生物可都没什么好感，不但给出精神力特别吝啬，还充满暴虐、愤怒、不甘之气。
接受了这样的精神力馈赠，烈苍等几个生物的精神力怎么可能不受到影响？尤其当时囚犯岛的情况是那么惨烈，烈苍等人本就满心怨恨。
现在嘛，整个蒙古包里都能感受到巨兽那轻松愉悦的精神力量。
不过这股情绪也只有王叶能清楚感知到，其他人只觉得气氛没有之前那么压抑，尤其是连升，觉得他第一次在这个精神力量空间里感到如此轻松。
“我带你们来这里，就相当于是送给你们一场大机缘，这点你们无法否认吧？我已经付出报酬，现在轮到你们帮我的忙了。”连升厚着脸皮说。
王叶懒得跟他计较，因为他能猜出连升要让他帮什么忙。
那只巨兽已经告诉他。
果然，连升从蒙古包一角拿出了一个巴掌大的扇贝。
连升似乎与扇贝做了沟通，扇贝壳慢慢打开。
连升把扇贝递到王叶跟前：“这是辛加烈的灵魂。我看到你能杀死那些寄生虫，救出被寄生的人，那么你是不是能把占有辛加烈身体的寄生虫族杀死，把辛加烈的灵魂送回他的身体？”
雷木和王叶一起看过去，就是烈苍也好奇地凑过来看。
扇贝里有着一颗比黄豆略大的珍珠，珍珠竟然是透明的，里面卷缩着一个虚影，非常非常淡。
“这是那股力量送给我的扇贝，它能保护和蕴养还活着的灵魂。如果你能帮助辛加烈的灵魂回到他自己身体里，这个扇贝也可以送给你。”连升道。
王叶用手指碰了碰扇贝，施展了鉴定术。
“哇哦，竟然是抱月养魂贝，天材地宝榜金榜十七！”这可真的是极为难得的宝贝了，曾经在拍卖会上露过一次脸，流拍了，因为拍主要求交换的东西，谁也没有。
这东西不仅可以养生魂，养魂贝分泌的液体还可以滋养灵魂，如果精神体受伤，直接饮用养魂贝分泌的魂液，或者食用养魂贝珍珠，都可以立刻修复伤势。另外，以养魂贝养出的珍珠为主药，还可以炼制出修补缺损灵魂的补魂药剂。
最最珍贵的是，这只养魂贝是活着的，可以持续性发展。
就冲着这抱月养魂贝，王叶也愿意出手，更何况他也很敬佩辛加烈的为人，如果能帮，他也想帮上一把。
“行，这个委托我接了。”王叶收下养魂贝，连同里面的辛加烈灵魂，暂时放入虫巢中的钟乳洞水池中。
养魂贝似乎很喜欢这个环境，待得很自如。
【前监狱长辛加烈的消失让所有认识他的人都感到悲伤，这位值得敬佩的前监狱长不应该得到这样的结局。囚犯岛看守幽灵连升于二十年前在远古巨兽精神体的帮助下，帮助分离了辛加烈的灵魂，并保存了整整二十年。现，幽灵连升委托玩家隔壁小王拯救前监狱长辛加烈，杀死寄生辛加烈身体的寄生虫族，让辛加烈的灵魂回到他的身体中。任务完成，奖励经验值五千点。】
五千点？这个任务肯定不好做。但王叶还是果断接下任务。
雷木看向连升，确认道：“寄生辛加烈的寄生虫族是不是王虫？”
连升：“是。”
雷木皱眉，他不知道王虫是几级，但一定不好对付。
想想看，王虫可是有虫巢的，如果不能一击必杀，让王虫躲到虫巢里面，他们就找不到王虫了。
王虫还能利用虫巢偷袭他们。
王叶也想到了这点，不过他并不担心王虫利用虫巢偷袭他，他也有虫巢，如果王虫带着虫巢接近他，他肯定能感知到。
现在的重点是找到王虫和它的虫巢所在。
“你知道王虫在哪里吗？”王叶问。
连升点头：“我知道虫母在哪里。我可以告诉你们地点，但我不能带你们过去。那只生育王虫的虫母可以吞噬精神力，也可以直接吃掉幽灵。这岛上幽灵少，有部分也是被那虫母吃掉的。我曾经偷偷借用那股能量去看过虫母的巢穴，差点被发现，要不是那股力量保护我，我就被那只虫母吞噬了。王虫我不知道在哪里，它占有了辛加烈的身体，可以到处跑。不过如果你们对付虫母，王虫一定会出现。”
“等等，虫母没有跟着王虫？”王叶不解，按理说有虫巢，重要的寄生虫族应该都待在虫巢中才对。
连升解释：“也许跟生育需要有关，虫母没有进入虫巢，它占有了岛上能量最充沛的地方，它平常的任务就是不断产卵，它产出的卵都是母虫和战虫。”
王叶了然。同时推断出岛上那只王虫的等级应该还没有超过六级，因为虫巢达到六级后就可以直接吞吃整个能量矿，如果发现能量充沛的地点，更能直接转移到虫巢中。
连升又道：“那个能量充沛的地点受到那股能量的控制，王虫想用虫巢吞噬也做不到。但那股能量也无法把寄生虫族从那里驱赶走。”
王叶：“……”
现在只能希望那只王虫没有达到六级，最好连五级都不要有。而且他得加快速度，因为巨兽的精神力已经都转移到了他身上，现在巨兽对这座岛的控制已经降低许多。如果寄生虫族察觉，恐怕王虫会第一时间把岛上所有充沛能源全都转入虫巢。
连升怕王叶和雷木后悔一样，赶紧说出详细地点：“虫母巢穴就在女囚营食堂厨房正下方，距离地面约有五六十米深度。”
王叶转头就对雷木说：“走吧，叫上佣兵公会的人一起，那位分站长应该有中级武师的水准。”
中级武师相当于六级，希望能对付得了王虫。
雷木的实力还没有达到六级，但他有异术，魔武双修的结果，让他可以越级挑战。也让佣兵公会的人误认为他达到了七级高级武师的程度。
第90章 辛加烈变异体 Chapter 90: The Singarel Mutant
所有人和鬼都被喷出了石屋。 All the people and the ghosts were spewed out of the stone house.
潭水底下和石棉矿洞中的石屋同时闪了闪，两座石屋都变得不再那么凝实，但谁也没注意到。
The stone houses under the pool and in the asbestos cave flashed at the same time, and both stone houses became less solid, but no one noticed.
木屋中，连升对烈苍不断叮嘱，他把少年视为自己的孙子，此时就要分离，真的是万般不舍。
In the wooden house, Lian Sheng kept telling Lie Cang that he regarded the young man as his grandson, and he was going to be separated at this time, which was really reluctant.
连升叮嘱少年赶紧离开岛屿到海边码头和众人一起等候船只到来，让他不要再回到村里。
Lian Sheng told the boy to leave the island quickly and go to the seaside pier to wait for the arrival of the boat with the others, so that he would not return to the village.
烈苍伸手想要拉住连升，却拉了个空。 Lie Cang stretched out his hand to grab Lian Sheng, but he was empty.
“连爷爷，你不跟我们一起走吗？” "Grandpa Lian, aren't you going with us?"
连升摇头：“我要看着岛上的寄生虫族被消灭，还要亲眼看到辛加烈恢复，等这两件事了结，我的心愿也就全部了结了。”
Lian Sheng shook his head: "I want to watch the parasite tribe on the island be wiped out, and I want to see Xin Jialie recover with my own eyes, and when these two things are over, my wish will be all over." ”
他想要安息了，他太想念自己的爱人和未出世的孩子，希望灵魂回归天地后，有一天还能有机会与她们相遇。
He wanted to rest in peace, he missed his lover and his unborn children so much, and hoped that when his soul returned to heaven and earth, he would one day have the opportunity to meet them.
烈苍见到连爷爷那思念谁的神情，神情黯然，可他也不能为了一己之私就拖着连爷爷。
Lie Cang looked gloomy when he saw Grandpa Lian's look of missing someone, but he couldn't drag Grandpa Lian for his own selfishness.
“去吧，记住我跟你说的那个地方，当年我没有得到传承，说不定你的资质足够，如果你得到了那份传承，记得做一个保护他人的强者。不过在保护他人之前，你一定要先保护好自己的亲人、爱人，还有你自己。”连升怜爱地虚虚拍抚少年的肩背，又虚虚地把他往前一推。
"Go, remember the place I told you, I didn't get the inheritance back then, maybe your qualifications are enough, if you get that inheritance, remember to be a strong person who protects others. But before you can protect others, you must first protect your loved ones, loved ones, and yourself. Lian Sheng lovingly patted the young man's shoulder and pushed him forward.
木屋门罕见地在白天打开。
阳光照射进来。
连升不怕阳光，但还是往后退了一步，躲进阴影中。 Lian Sheng was not afraid of the sun, but he still took a step back and hid in the shadows.
烈苍眼睛通红，他想拥抱连爷爷都做不到：“连爷爷，你说的话我都记住了。我走了，再见……”
Lie Cang's eyes were red, and he couldn't even do it if he wanted to hug his grandfather: "Even grandpa, I remember what you said." I'm gone, goodbye ......."
少年怕自己哭鼻子，拔腿就冲出木屋门，跑出去眼泪就掉了下来。
雷木对连升点点头，也拉着王叶向敞开的木门走去。 Lei Mu nodded to Lian Sheng, and also pulled Wang Ye towards the open wooden door.
王叶扭头：“那股力量让我告诉你，你做得很好，你没有对不起任何人，当初你做得很对，错不在你身上，你不是不够谨慎，只是有些人的恶毒已经超出普通人的想象。好人总是会把过错揽到自己身上，浅薄之人总是会把过错怪到弱者身上，自私恶毒的人则总认为错都在别人身上。你没必要因为浅薄之人和恶人的想法责怪自己。”
Wang Ye turned his head: "That power let me tell you, you did a good job, you didn't feel sorry for anyone, you did it right, the fault was not on you, you are not cautious enough, it's just that some people's viciousness has exceeded the imagination of ordinary people." Good people will always blame themselves, shallow people will always blame the weak, and selfish and vicious people will always think that the fault lies with others. You don't have to blame yourself for the thoughts of shallow people and wicked people. ”
连升露出笑容，这话对他太重要了。 Lian Sheng smiled, these words were too important to him.
“再见，朋友。”王叶站在门口对连升摆手。 "Goodbye, friend." Wang Ye stood at the door and waved his hand to Lian Sheng.
连升回以微笑：“再见，小朋友。” Lian Sheng smiled back: "Goodbye, little friend." ”
王叶郁闷，小字太多余了！ Wang Ye is depressed, there are too many small words!
木屋门关上。 The door to the cabin was closed.
雷木和王叶没有立刻询问彼此的考验经历，而是先在村中走了一圈，把剩下还没走的人，连同伤心的烈苍一起送到码头。
Lei Mu and Wang Ye did not immediately ask each other about their test experiences, but walked around the village first, and sent the remaining people who had not left to the dock along with the sad Lie Cang.
王叶听到连升跟烈苍说的话，再结合烈苍上辈子的经历，隐约猜到那个传承地点在哪里，但他并没有多嘴，他怕自己多嘴反而会让烈苍错失机缘。
Wang Ye heard what Lian Sheng said to Lie Cang, combined with Lie Cang's experience in his previous life, he vaguely guessed where the inheritance location was, but he didn't talk much, he was afraid that his mouth would make Lie Cang miss the opportunity.
几个稍微大点的少年围住烈苍，问他刚才跑哪儿去了。 A few slightly older teenagers surrounded Lie Cang and asked him where he had just gone.
王叶最怕这种离别氛围，也不喜欢和木木以外的人黏糊，趁着烈苍和众人说话，拉着雷木就偷偷跑了。
Wang Ye was most afraid of this parting atmosphere, and he didn't like to be sticky with people other than Mu Mu, so he took advantage of Lie Cang to talk to everyone, pulled Lei Mu and ran away secretly.
等烈苍想和王叶雷木告别，抬头却发现找不到人了。 Waiting for Lie Cang to say goodbye to Wang Ye Leimu, he looked up and found that he couldn't find anyone.
王叶正和雷木走在去找佣兵公会分站长的路上。 Wang Yezheng and Lei Mu were on the way to find the head of the mercenary guild branch.
“……事情大致就是这样。那巨兽留给我一只它的角，让我找到王，把角交给那位王。可我根本不知道它说的王是谁。”王叶头疼地抱怨道。
“…… That's more or less the way it is. The beast left me a horn of its own, and I told me to find the king and give it to him. But I don't know who the king is. Wang Ye complained with a headache.
“远古巨兽生活在海里，它说的王九成也是海中之王，也许可以询问海族。”雷木乐观道。
"The ancient giant beast lived in the sea, and the king it said was also the king of the sea, maybe you can ask the sea tribe." Raimu said optimistically.
“可据我所知海族有好几位王，而且都对人类不太有好感。”王叶苦恼。
"But as far as I know, there are several kings of the Sea Clan, and all of them don't have a good opinion of humans." Wang Ye was distressed.
“那位有限定你时间吗？” "Does that have a time limit for you?"
“那倒没有。它只是把角交给我，并没有说非要我在什么时候找到那位王，而且我感觉那角在钟乳石洞里待得很开心的样子，似乎离开囚犯岛，它就一点都不急了。”王叶精神力扫过虫巢，感觉那只抱月养魂贝似乎正在和角说话。
"Not really. It just gave me the horn, and didn't say when I had to find the king, and I felt that the horn was happily in the stalactite cave, and it seemed that it was not in a hurry at all when it left the prisoner's island. Wang Ye's spiritual power swept over the insect nest, and he felt that the moon-hugging soul shell seemed to be talking to the horn.
雷木忍不住笑：“既然没有限定期限，那就不用急了。有时候特意想要做什么事反而做不成，我们也不用特意去寻找那位王，等以后遇到海族再说吧。”
Lei Mu couldn't help but laugh: "Since there is no time limit, then there is no need to rush." Sometimes we can't do anything we want, and we don't have to go out of our way to find that king, let's talk about it when we meet the Sea Clan later. ”
“也好。我们还有一只坑爹货要处理呢。”王叶一提起精灵蛋就满心不爽。
"It's fine. We've got a to deal with. Wang Ye was full of unhappiness when he mentioned the elf eggs.
如果精灵蛋在他这儿，他一定要提着那只蛋，好好让它跟远古巨兽学学，人家也是强买强卖，但人家先付了报酬好嘛，还特别丰厚！而且期限啦、培养啦、条件啦，什么都没有。
If the elf egg is here, he must carry the egg and let it learn from the ancient giant beasts, and people are also forced to buy and sell, but they pay first, and it is very rich! And the deadline, the training, the conditions, nothing.
就是让他救个人，都先把报酬（养魂贝）给出来了。 Even if he asked him to save someone, he gave the reward (soul nourishing shell) first.
再看精灵蛋呢？他和木木前面捞到的好东西几乎都用在这破蛋身上了，将来说不定还要把这破蛋给送回去。
What about elf eggs? Almost all the good things he and Mu Mu caught in front of him were used on this broken egg, and he might have to send this broken egg back in the future.
雷木每次一听王小叶对精灵蛋的抱怨就忍不住哈哈哈，在惹毛王小叶之前，雷木说了远古巨兽给他的考验和过关奖励。
Lei Mu couldn't help but hahaha every time he heard Wang Xiaoye's complaint about the elf egg, before provoking Wang Xiaoye, Lei Mu said the test and pass rewards given to him by the ancient giant beast.
“其实我也不知道我的考验是否过关。”雷木神色古怪：“我进入那栋石屋后，就遇到埋伏者，对方说跟踪我们很久了，知道我身上有精灵蛋。我虽然觉得古怪，但他们非常厉害，把你抓住了，威胁我交出精灵蛋，否则就杀了你。那些人为了取信我，还立下灵魂誓言。我判断不是那些人的对手，就把精灵空间剥离出来，跟他们交换你。”
"Actually, I don't know if I passed the test." Lei Mu looked strange: "After I entered that stone house, I met an ambusher, who said that he had been following us for a long time and knew that I had elf eggs on me. I thought it was weird, but they were very powerful, and they caught you and threatened me to hand over the elven eggs or kill you. Those people also made a soul vow to win my trust. I judged that it was no match for those people, so I stripped the elven space and exchanged you with them. ”
雷木省略了中间很多过程。 Remu omits many processes in between.
“你怎么能剥离精灵空间！”哪怕知道这只是一个考验关卡，王叶还是气得跳脚。
"How can you strip the elven space!" Even though he knew that this was just a test level, Wang Ye was still so angry that he jumped to his feet.
雷木摸摸小孩的脑袋：“精灵蛋藏在精灵空间里面，我不可能单独把它取出来，那样它的孵化会被迫结束，也会因此死亡。剥离精灵空间，它好歹还有孵化的可能。”
Lei Mu touched the child's head: "The elf egg is hidden in the elf space, I can't take it out alone, then its hatching will be forced to end, and it will also die." Stripping away the elf space, it still has the possibility of hatching. ”
“一个精灵蛋而已……”王叶磨牙。 "It's just an elf egg...... "Wang Ye grinds his teeth.
“是啊，一个精灵蛋而已，所以我用它交换了你。”雷木淡淡道。
"yes, it's just an elf egg, so I traded it for you." Lei Mu said lightly.
王叶不敢抱怨了，小心地抠了抠雷木的手掌心。 Wang Ye didn't dare to complain, and carefully picked the palm of Lei Mu's hand.
雷木握住他调皮的手指，“对我来说你很重要，比精灵蛋、比精灵空间都重要，你没必要吃醋。”
Lei Mu held his mischievous fingers, "You are very important to me, more important than the elf egg, more important than the elf space, you don't need to be jealous." ”
王叶脸红了，心脏咚咚跳，别扭地道：“我没吃醋，我就是不想你伤害自己，其实我有虫巢，那些人抓住我也伤不了我，下次你要是再看到我被人抓住，不用理会，我一定可以自救。如果不能，那肯定不是我。”
Wang Ye blushed, his heart pounded, and he said awkwardly: "I'm not jealous, I just don't want you to hurt yourself, in fact, I have a hive, those people can't hurt me if they catch me, next time you see me being caught, don't pay attention to it, I will definitely be able to save myself." If not, it's certainly not me. ”
“事无绝对。”雷木也不好跟小叶子说他不敢赌。 "There are no absolutes." Lei Mu didn't want to tell Xiao Yezi that he didn't dare to bet.
王叶却明白了，挨住雷木，头抵着他蹭了蹭。 Wang Ye understood, hugged Lei Mu, and rubbed his head against him.
雷木坚硬的心立刻软成了棉花。他能感觉到小孩对他的万分依恋和信赖，虽然小孩对他的感情来得有点古怪，但小叶子对他的感情确实真真实实。
Remu's hard heart immediately softened into cotton. He can feel the child's great attachment and trust to him, although the child's feelings for him are a little strange, but Xiao Yezi's feelings for him are indeed real.
“我用精灵空间交换了你以后，碰到你就发现那不是你。我说破这点，说那些人违反誓言，刚冲过去攻击他们，眼前的景象就再度改变，我看到了精灵族……”
"After I exchanged you for the elven space, I found out that it wasn't you when I met you. I said this, that those people had broken their oath and had just rushed over to attack them, when the scene changed again, and I saw the elves......"
雷木感叹：“那只远古巨兽一定活了很久，它给我看了远古精灵族各族的成长经过和他们对力量的使用方法，我不知道这是不是奖励，但我确实因此好像唤醒了我的精灵血脉力量。你看。”
Lei Mu sighed: "That ancient beast must have lived for a long time, it showed me the growth of the ancient elf clan and their use of power, I don't know if this is a reward, but I do seem to have awakened my elven bloodline power because of this." You see. ”
雷木停下脚步，弯腰用手触碰地面一根野草。 Raimu stopped, bent down and touched a weed on the ground with his hand.
那野草和周围其他野草相比，长得不太好，有些枯黄，但在雷木的手指触碰到它之后，它陡然精神起来，并向上蹿了四五厘米，还多生出了几片叶子。
Compared with the other weeds around it, the weed did not grow very well, and it was a little yellow, but after Lei Mu's fingers touched it, it suddenly became energetic, and jumped up four or five centimeters, and gave birth to a few more leaves.
王叶瞪大眼睛，惊喜道：“你可以使用精灵血脉的力量了？”
Wang Ye's eyes widened and he said in surprise: "You can use the power of the elven bloodline?" ”
雷木不确定地道：“好像是，而且我身体里的精灵血脉好像属于木系。”
Lei Mu said uncertainly: "It seems to be, and the elf blood in my body seems to belong to the wood line." ”
“木系好啊，木木你可以多一些保命和对敌的绝活，而且以后我们种植也不用愁了~”王叶喜得眉飞色舞。
"The wood system is good, Mumu, you can have more life-saving and unique skills against the enemy, and we don't have to worry about planting in the future~" Wang Ye was overjoyed.
雷木看王叶那么为他高兴，也笑了起来，不管考验是否过关，也不管那远古巨兽到底为什么给他看那些，就结果论，他得到了很大的好处。
Lei Mu saw that Wang Ye was so happy for him, and he also laughed, no matter whether the test was passed or not, and no matter why the ancient giant beast showed him that, as a result, he got a great benefit.
而且他看到的那些远古场景，也让他对精灵族这个种族更加了解，包括怎么养育那枚即将孵化的金精灵蛋……
And the ancient scenes he saw also made him more aware of the elven race, including how to raise the golden elf egg that was about to hatch......
不过这点就没必要告诉小叶子了，雷木现在已经感觉出来小叶子对他占有欲相当强，对任何可能抢夺他注意力的存在都很看不顺眼。
But there is no need to tell Xiao Ye about this, Lei Mu can now feel that Xiao Ye is quite possessive of him, and he is very unpleasant to any existence that may steal his attention.
“另外……” "Another ......"
“另外什么？”王叶忙问。 "What else?" Wang Ye asked hurriedly.
雷木迟疑地道：“我感觉如果我能彻底掌握精灵族的血脉力量，也许我可以改变我的外貌。”
Lei Mu hesitated, "I feel that if I can completely grasp the bloodline power of the elf race, maybe I can change my appearance. ”
王叶眨眨眼：“你会变成精灵吗？” Wang Ye blinked: "Will you become an elf?" ”
“应该不会吧……没有尝试之前，我也不知道。” "Probably not...... I didn't know before I tried it. ”
“那你试试看吧，不管你变成什么样，都是爸爸的木木~”
"Then you try it, no matter what you become, it's all Daddy's Mumu~"
雷木弹了弹王小叶的脑袋，笑了。 Lei Mu flicked Wang Xiaoye's head and smiled.
两人在金矿找到了分会长，跟他说找到了虫母巢穴。 The two found the branch leader in the gold mine and told him that they had found the mother worm's nest.
分会长的心虽然被金矿占了大半，但还记得他来这里的另一个目的，当即就回复道：“找到那些虫子的巢穴就好。等下一批佣兵到达，我们就去消灭那些寄生虫族。”
Although the branch leader's heart was mostly occupied by gold mines, he remembered another purpose for his visit, and immediately replied, "Just find the nests of those bugs." When the next group of mercenaries arrives, we'll go and destroy the parasites. ”
王叶拿出一袋子石棉矿石递给分会长：“你把这些矿石分给所有佣兵，让他们挂在身上，不要放到衣服里面，要放在外面，如果遇到寄生虫族，可以试着刮一点粉末吹过去，也可以用这个试试身边的人，看有没有人露出异常。”
Wang Ye took out a bag of asbestos ore and handed it to the branch leader: "You distribute these ores to all the mercenaries, let them hang on their bodies, don't put them in their clothes, but put them outside, if you encounter parasites, you can try to scrape a little powder and blow it over, or you can use this to try the people around you to see if anyone shows any abnormalities." ”
“这是什么？” "What is this?"
“石棉矿石，我们根据当地人的情报，怀疑寄生虫族极有可能很讨厌这种矿石，但效果到底如何，我们也不知道，还需要多多尝试。”
"Asbestos ore, according to the intelligence of the locals, we suspect that the parasitic tribe is very likely to hate this ore, but we don't know what the effect is, and we need to try more."
“行，我把矿石分给大家。”分会长倒也没有忽视这袋子矿石，很干脆地接过，不过也不是特别重视。
"Okay, I'll give you the ore." The branch leader did not ignore the bag of ore, and took it very simply, but he did not attach much importance to it.
他到现在都没有见到寄生虫族，也没有见到变异体，对这两者到底有多厉害完全没有直观感受，态度上难免就显得过于轻松了些。
He hadn't seen the parasites or mutants until now, and he didn't have an intuitive feeling of how powerful these two were, and his attitude was inevitably too relaxed.
王叶和雷木对此也没办法，只能让分会长和佣兵们亲身感受后再说其他。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu couldn't do anything about it, so they could only let the branch leader and the mercenaries feel it for themselves before they could talk about anything else.
地面上的寄生虫族和变异体已经全部消失，还活着的似乎都退回了溶洞群中。
The parasites and mutants on the ground have all disappeared, and those who are still alive seem to have retreated into the caverns.
遥远的海面上出现了两艘大船，船上挂出了佣兵公会的旗帜。
Two large ships appeared on the distant sea, and the flag of the Mercenary Guild was hoisted on board.
就在这时，潭水底下和石棉矿洞中的两座圆锥形石屋最后闪烁了一下，消失了。
At this moment, the two conical stone houses under the pool and in the asbestos mine cave flickered and disappeared for a last time.
站在岩石上远眺的辛加烈变异体似有所感地转头看向岛内。
Standing on the rock, the Xingari mutant looked into the distance, and turned his head to look at the island as if he felt something.
“佣兵来了，准备迎战。”辛加烈变异体通知了所有寄生虫族。
"The mercenaries are here, ready to fight." The Singarel mutant notified all parasites.
佣兵从船上下来，再换那些岛民上船。
佣兵们说说笑笑，他们都是领了海草村佣兵分站发出的探险任务过来。
任务要求他们探索囚犯岛，寻找一种可以寄生人类和其他生物的寄生虫族。抓到一只活的，给一个金币。抓到一只死的，给一个银币。如果能抓到王虫，一次可以给一百金币。
这报酬相当高，很多佣兵都被吸引。不过这个任务对佣兵等级有要求，只要三级及以上的佣兵。
因为时间紧急，报名的佣兵不算多，加上分会长通知的常用佣兵团，一共才来了六十人不到。
另一艘船上都是生活物资和少数熟手矿工。
分站长对如何安抚民众情绪非常了解和擅长，他知道想要人们听话，首先就要让人们吃饱，还要让人们看出他们有继续让他们吃饱的实力。
而那些矿工则都隶属于佣兵公会，他们来这里是为了监督和领导其他矿工。
分站长已经想好了，他就聘用岛上的囚犯做矿工，一年抵三年刑，囚犯们肯定会很愿意。
“我看到辛加烈的变异体了，它在岛东边，它好像要乘船离开，快拦住它！”连升的声音在王叶耳边响起。
王叶立刻告诉雷木。
两人想把这事也告诉分站长，结果分站长却去码头接人了。
两人只好让一名佣兵通知分站长，两人先去阻拦辛加烈变异体。
雷木背起王叶，飞奔的速度比王叶的轻功快得多。
两人迅速赶到岛东边，就见那里只有辛加烈变异体一个，他正在解开一艘船的绳索，要把船推入海水中。
“你的同伴呢？怎么就你一个人？”雷木单独出现在辛加烈变异体身边。
辛加烈变异体停下手中动作，抬头看向雷木，忽然笑了笑：“我和它们理念不合，我被驱逐了。”
“你是王虫，怎么可能被驱逐？”
“王虫又怎样？在我族，王虫也不是不可以替代。”
“你觉得我会相信你？”
“为什么不信呢？我可是辛加烈。”
雷木不喜欢跟人耍嘴皮子，直接动手。
辛加烈变异体或者应该叫它王虫，身形一闪，雷木攻击落空。
“困！”雷木施展异术。碍于这是辛加烈的身体，雷木不敢使用太厉害的杀招。
而这显然给了王虫机会。
王虫被困住了一秒，立刻释放精神攻击。 The king worm was trapped for a second, and immediately released a spiritual attack.
雷木忽然觉得眼皮沉重，竟然想就这么睡过去。 Lei Mu suddenly felt heavy eyelids, and he wanted to just fall asleep.
王虫嘴角刚露出笑容，倏然变色，身体瞬间从原地消失。
As soon as a smile appeared on the corner of Wang Worm's mouth, he suddenly changed color, and his body disappeared from the spot in an instant.
王叶用虫巢捕捉王虫落空，立刻施展自投罗网和纠缠不休，想要缠住对方。
Wang Ye used the worm nest to catch the king worm and failed, and immediately cast a self-throwing net and entanglement, wanting to entangle the other party.
王虫自恃速度快，却没想到有人能用因果之力定位它。 The king worm believed that it was fast, but he didn't expect someone to locate it with the power of cause and effect.
但王虫的实力等级比王叶高得多，它刚感到有什么缠住自己，就爆发能量挣脱开。
But the strength level of the king insect was much higher than that of Wang Ye, and as soon as it felt that something was entangled in it, it burst out of energy and broke free.
“缠！”雷木及时清醒，同时施展异术和精灵木系魔法。
"Wrapped!" Thunderwood wakes up in time and performs both anomaly and elven wood magic.
大量野草从地上冒出，缠住王虫的腿脚。 A large number of wild grasses emerged from the ground and entangled the legs and feet of the king worm.
王虫连续绷断这些野草，但这些野草也确实影响了它的速度。
The king worm continuously breaks these weeds, but these weeds do affect its speed.
王叶突然掏出一把粉末洒向王虫。 Wang Ye suddenly took out a handful of powder and sprinkled it on Wang Insect.
可惜王虫戒备非常，那些粉末还没靠近它，就全都飘飘荡荡地落向地面。
Unfortunately, the king insect was very guarded, and before the powder could get close to it, it all fell to the ground flutteringly.
王叶似乎不甘心，又连续撒了几把粉末。 Wang Ye seemed to be unwilling, and sprinkled a few handfuls of powder in a row.
王虫冷笑兼嘲笑，来回躲避。
雷木连续攻击王虫。 Remu attacks the king worm continuously.
王叶也拼命用因果技能拖延他的脚步。 Wang Ye also desperately used cause and effect skills to delay him.
王虫连闪数闪，似乎根本不把两人的攻击放在眼里。但它却没有注意到，在它腾挪闪动期间，那些落到地面的粉末又飘扬而起，但因为太细微，王虫就没有注意到。
The king worm flashed several times in a row, and it didn't seem to pay attention to the attacks of the two at all. But it didn't notice that the powder that had fallen to the ground fluttered up again as it flickered, but it was too subtle for the king worm to notice.
“我玩够了，你们都沉睡吧。”王虫施展了精神力攻击。
"I've had enough, you all sleep." The king worm unleashed a psychic attack.
雷木身体一顿。 Thunderwood was stunned.
王叶假装脚步一歪。 Wang Ye pretended to have crooked steps.
王虫撇了撇嘴，无意间吸收了一口飘荡起的粉末。 King Worm pursed his lips and inadvertently absorbed a mouthful of floating powder.
“阿嚏！”王虫突然打了个喷嚏。 "Ahh The king worm suddenly sneezed.
就是现在！王叶立刻调动虫巢中储存的精神力，借用这股精神力连同自己的精神力凝成一支箭，狠狠地刺向王虫头部。
Now is the time! Wang Ye immediately mobilized the spiritual power stored in the insect nest, borrowed this spiritual power and his own spiritual power to condense into an arrow, and stabbed the king insect in the head fiercely.
刚刚好像就要睡着的雷木也在这一刻，似与王叶心灵相通，连续施展困术、缠术，并催生大量植物阻碍王虫。
Lei Mu, who seemed to be about to fall asleep just now, also seemed to have a spiritual connection with Wang Ye at this moment, continuously performing trapping and entanglement techniques, and spawning a large number of plants to hinder Wang Insect.
王虫下意识抬起手揉鼻子，那粉末让它感到不舒服，动作也因此慢了一瞬，精神防护也略微放松。
The king insect subconsciously raised his hand and rubbed his nose, the powder made it feel uncomfortable, and its movements slowed down for a moment, and its mental protection was slightly relaxed.
一股庞大的精神力猛地刺入它的精神核。 A huge spiritual force slammed into its spiritual core.
“混蛋！你们暗算我……那粉末是什么？” "Bastard! You're plotting against me...... What is that powder? ”
这时候可没人会回答王虫的问题。王叶在王虫身体摇晃的一刹那，立刻把其和雷木同时收入虫巢。
At this time, no one will answer the question of the king worm. The moment Wang Ye's body shook, he immediately put it and Lei Mu into the hive at the same time.
雷木进入虫巢看到王虫，迅速：“封！” Lei Mu entered the hive and saw the king worm, and quickly: "Seal!" ”
王虫被虫巢伸出的绳索捆住，同时又被雷木的封印之术给封住，它刚想挣脱，精神核再次被重击，更糟糕的是这个房间里似乎布满了让它讨厌的粉尘。
The king worm was bound by the rope stretched out by the hive, and at the same time sealed by Lei Mu's sealing technique, and just as it tried to break free, the spirit core was hit again, and to make matters worse, the room seemed to be covered with dust that it hated.
“停下！否则我带着这具身体一起死。”王虫脸色苍白地喊道。
"Stop! Otherwise, I'll die with this body. Wang Worm shouted with a pale face.
第91章 替补王虫之灭 Chapter 91: The Destruction of the Substitute King Worm
王叶连续两次使用超过他精神力的庞大力量，脑子也不住抽痛。
Wang Ye used the huge power that exceeded his spiritual power twice in a row, and his brain couldn't help but throb.
雷木是唯一有余力的人，但他能杀死变异体，却无法防得住王虫自杀。
Reimu is the only one who has the power to spare, but he can kill the mutants, but he can't prevent the king worm from committing suicide.
王叶同样，明明他可以利用巨兽的庞大精神力量一股摧毁变异体的大脑，但那同样也是辛加烈的大脑。
Wang Ye was the same, obviously he could use the huge spiritual power of the giant beast to destroy the mutant's brain, but it was also Xin Jialie's brain.
两人投鼠忌器，只能与王虫慢慢周旋，寻找它的破绽。 The two of them threw a mouse bogey, and could only slowly wrestle with the king worm to find its flaws.
“你和那只远古巨兽是什么关系？它为什么帮你？你为什么拥有虫巢？还有你刚才使用的粉末是什么？”王虫盯着还是小孩的王叶，一连甩出四个问题。
"What's your relationship with that ancient beast? Why does it help you? Why do you own a hive? And what powder did you just use? Wang Worm stared at Wang Ye, who was still a child, and threw out four questions in a row.
王叶强忍着揉脑袋的冲动，答非所问：“你从这具身体里出来，我可以答应放你离开虫巢。”
Wang Yeqiang resisted the urge to rub his head, and replied to the question: "You come out of this body, I can promise to let you out of the hive." ”
王虫忽然问：“他还活着？” Wang Worm suddenly asked, "Is he still alive?" ”
“你指的是谁？”雷木看出小叶子的不舒服，立刻把他挡到身后，代为问道。
"Who are you referring to?" Lei Mu saw Xiao Yezi's discomfort, and immediately blocked him behind him and asked on his behalf.
王叶躲在雷木身后，赶紧偷偷按揉太阳穴。失策了，他应该准备一些精神力恢复药剂做备用。
Wang Ye hid behind Lei Mu and hurriedly rubbed his temples secretly. If he made a mistake, he should prepare some mental power recovery potions as a backup.
王虫神情怪异：“辛加烈，他的灵魂还存在，对吗？” Wang Worm looked strange: "Xin Jialie, his soul still exists, right?" ”
两人没有回答，但王虫像是知道了答案，它沉默了两秒，开口：“我就知道他没有死，我一直都能感觉到他，他总是影响着我，他的感情、他的观念、他的想法无处不在。”
The two didn't answer, but Wang Worm seemed to know the answer, it was silent for two seconds, and then spoke: "I know that he is not dead, I can always feel him, he always affects me, his feelings, his concepts, his thoughts are everywhere." ”
王虫像是放弃挣扎了，它的眼神有一些茫然：“我其实不想伤害他，我想和他共存的，但他不同意，后来他消失了，我以为他死了……还好他没死。”
Wang Worm seemed to give up struggling, its eyes were a little dazed: "I actually don't want to hurt him, I want to coexist with him, but he didn't agree, and then he disappeared, I thought he was dead...... Thankfully, he didn't die. ”
王叶和雷木顿时感到怪怪的。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu suddenly felt strange.
王虫抬头：“我能见见他吗？他现在是幽灵，还是附身在其他生物身上？”
Wang Worm looked up: "Can I see him?" Is he a ghost now, or is he possessed by other creatures? ”
“他在。但他很虚弱，没有办法和你说话。”王叶从钟乳洞中取出养魂贝，念了连升教他的咒语，贝壳缓缓打开，露出里面的透明珍珠。
"He's here. But he's weak and can't talk to you. Wang Ye took out the soul-nourishing shell from the stalactite cave and recited the spell that Lian Sheng taught him, and the shell slowly opened, revealing the transparent pearl inside.
王虫伸头看，“真的是他……” Wang Worm stretched out his head to look, "It's really him......"
王叶越发感到这个王虫和其他变异体不一样，它的感情似乎特别充沛？
Wang Ye felt more and more that this king insect was different from other mutants, and its feelings seemed to be particularly abundant?
王叶看着打开的贝壳，头疼得实在受不了，偷偷舔了一口贝壳里的魂液。
Wang Ye looked at the open shell, his headache was really unbearable, and he secretly licked the soul liquid in the shell.
养魂贝吧嗒合上，差点夹住王叶的舌头。 The soul-nourishing shell bar snapped shut, almost pinching Wang Ye's tongue.
占了便宜的王叶：啊，脑袋舒服多了，真的是秒见效果，果然不愧是天材地宝榜金榜十七名！
Wang Ye, who took advantage: Ah, my head is much more comfortable, it really works in seconds, and it really deserves to be the seventeenth place on the gold list of heaven and earth!
“你愿意把辛加烈的身体还给他吗？”雷木试探地问。 "Will you give him back Singarie's body?" Raimu asked tentatively.
王虫却道：“我可以和他共存，我不会伤害他，但他不相信我。”
Wang Worm said: "I can coexist with him, I won't hurt him, but he doesn't believe me." ”
“我想没有人愿意分享自己的身体，一体双魂也不是什么好玩的事情。”雷木道。
"I don't think anyone wants to share their bodies, and it's not fun to have two souls in one." Thunderwood Road.
王虫神情幽怨：“为什么不愿意？我可以使他变得强大，他想做的事情那么多，他也是非常有才能的人，可他人微言轻，他努力的结果是被扔到囚犯岛，让他管理一座监狱。如果有我帮助他，他可以做到更多，哪怕他想做国王都可以。”
Wang Worm looked resentful: "Why don't you want to?" I can make him strong, he wants to do so much, he's also a very talented man, but he doesn't talk much, and the result of his efforts is to be thrown on Prisoner's Island and put in charge of a prison. If I help him, he can do more, even if he wants to be king. ”
王叶和雷木：“……” Wang Ye and Lei Mu: "......"
王虫看向两人，苦笑道：“你们也不用觉得奇怪，寄生虫族在寄生生物时，也会受到寄生体的影响，尤其是遇到精神力强大的人。辛加烈的精神力就十分强大，还非常坚韧。我想感染他，结果他却反过来教育我，用他的想法来影响我。他还喜欢和我谈心……噢，他太爱教育人了，我一旦蛊惑他做什么，只要不符合他的观念，他就能喋喋不休地念叨我，直到我改变主意。那个人真的太可怕了！”
Wang Worm looked at the two of them and said with a wry smile: "You don't have to feel strange, when the parasitic Zerg is parasitic, it will also be affected by parasites, especially when encountering people with strong mental power. Singaryeh's mental power is very strong, and he is also very tenacious. I wanted to infect him, but he in turn educated me and influenced me with his ideas. He also likes to talk to me...... Oh, he's so fond of educating people, and if I tell him what to do, he can babble on and on until I change my mind. That person is really horrible! ”
王叶歪头：“我听到的可不是这么一回事，据说你折磨了他一年。”
Wang Ye tilted his head: "That's not what I heard, it is said that you tortured him for a year." ”
王虫：“是啊，我折磨了他很久，谁让他老是不听我的，还想改正我的想法。但那个人真的太可怕了，不管我对他施展怎么样的精神折磨，他都能挺过去，依然坚持自己的看法和做法。到最后，我都不知道是我在折磨他，还是他在折磨我。”
Wang Worm: "Yes, I tortured him for a long time, who made him always disobey me, and wanted to correct my thoughts." But that person was really terrible, and no matter what kind of mental torture I inflicted on him, he was able to get through it and still stick to his own opinions and practices. At the end of the day, I didn't even know if I was torturing him or if he was torturing me. ”
王虫忽然冷笑：“我熟悉那远古巨兽的精神力，就是因为它曾袭击过我，哦，它不会做这么精细的活，是一个幽灵利用了那巨兽的精神力量。后来我醒过来，就发现辛加烈不见了。那时我就怀疑那幽灵用什么特殊方法把辛加烈的灵魂从我们的身体里分离并带走了。可惜那幽灵躲得太好，他一直藏在远古巨兽的精神具现物里！”
Wang Worm suddenly sneered: "I am familiar with the spiritual power of that ancient giant beast, it is because it has attacked me, oh, it can't do such delicate work, it is a ghost who uses the spiritual power of that giant beast." When I woke up, I found that Singaret was gone. Then I wondered if the ghost had used some special method to separate and take Singaret's soul away from our bodies. It's a pity that the ghost is too well hidden, and he has been hiding in the spiritual embodiment of the ancient beast! ”
王虫忽然愤慨起来：“辛加烈是我的！他就要被我说动了，我答应他会听他的，会按照他说的来改变这座囚犯岛，我也答应不再折磨他的灵魂，我会和他共同拥有他的身体，我还答应他尽量让寄生虫族和囚犯岛的人共生。可他却走了！就这么把我单独抛下来！”
Wang Worm suddenly became indignant: "Xin Jialie is mine!" He was about to be moved by me, I promised him that he would listen to him, that he would change this prisoner island according to what he said, that I would not torture his soul again, that I would share his body with him, and that I would try to make the parasites and the people of the prisoner island coexist. But he was gone! Just leave me alone! ”
王叶和雷木：“……”这个发展他们是真的没想到。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu: They really didn't expect the development of "......".
王叶觉得看到了虐恋情深现场版，施虐者终于心动，爱上了那个被虐却不屈服的，可被虐的那个却在施虐者心动后跑了。
Wang Ye felt that after seeing the live version of sadomasochism, the abuser was finally moved and fell in love with the abused one who did not give in, but the abused one ran away after the abuser was moved.
“你说寄生虫族可以和囚犯岛人共生，是不是说可以保留被寄生体的意识？”王叶问。
"You said that the parasites can coexist with the prisoner islanders, do you mean that they can retain the consciousness of the parasited?" Wang Ye asked.
王虫没有正面回答，只道：“我会尝试。” Wang Worm did not answer directly, but said, "I will try." ”
王叶举手，跟个小学生一样提问：“我有一点不解，你们寄生虫族并不算太弱，为什么非要搞寄生这一套？”
Wang Ye raised his hand and asked like a primary school student: "I'm a little puzzled, you parasitic zerg are not too weak, why do you have to engage in parasitism?" ”
王虫暗中警惕起来，它用以前回答辛加烈的答案回答王叶：“对你们来说这是寄生，但对我们来说，这只是一种生活方式。就像人类活在这个世界上，对于这颗星球本身来说不也是一种寄生？就寄生在星球身体上。”
The king worm secretly became vigilant, and it replied to Wang Ye with the same answer it had previously answered to Singariel: "For you this is parasitism, but for us, it is just a way of life. Just like human beings live in this world, isn't it also a parasitism for the planet itself? It is parasitic on the body of the planet. ”
王叶呵呵：“那你们也可以选择我们人类的寄生方式嘛，我相信星球意识应该不会反对自己身上再多一个寄生虫族。你们又何必辛辛苦苦寄生了人类，再寄生星球，不累吗？”
Wang Ye hehe: "Then you can also choose the parasitic method of our human beings, I believe that the planetary consciousness should not object to having another parasite on your body." Why do you have to work hard to parasitize human beings, and then parasitize the planet, aren't you tired? ”
雷木：“大约是寄生虫族的身体太弱，不能长时间生活在外面的世界？必须要寄生他人才能存活？你看，它们哪怕穿上了别人的身体，却还是对一些普通矿石粉末那么惧怕。这个种族真可悲，以它们的智慧，它们完全可以研究出更加强大的外壳来保护自己，完全不必当一只卑劣的寄生虫。”
Raimi: "Is it because the parasitic Zerg's body is too weak to live in the outside world for a long time?" Do you have to parasitize others to survive? You see, even if they put on someone else's body, they are still so afraid of some ordinary ore powder. This race is pathetic, and with their intelligence, they can develop a more powerful shell to protect themselves, and they don't have to be a vile parasite at all. ”
王叶摸下巴：“有一点我感到很怪异，我发现并不是所有寄生虫族都讨厌和惧怕外面的生活，比如浮游光虫对外界生活就适应得很好，它们不需要寄生也能产生自我价值。那么为什么比浮游光虫等级更高的寄生虫族却需要寄生别的生物呢？”
Wang Ye touched his chin: "One thing I feel very strange, I found that not all parasitic insects hate and fear the outside life, for example, plankton light insects adapt well to the outside life, and they don't need parasitism to generate self-worth." So why do parasites with a higher level than planktonic light bugs need to parasitize other creatures? ”
雷木：“除非寄生可以让它们得到更大好处，比如……快速进化，以及得到更多智慧和知识。”
Thunderwood: "Unless parasitism can do them more good, such as ...... Rapid evolution, as well as access to more wisdom and knowledge. ”
突然！王虫发出惨叫：“你们对我做了什么？你们……不！”
Suddenly! The king worm let out a scream: "What have you done to me? You guys...... No! ”
不知不觉间，王虫的精神核被一张看不见的精神力网给包裹起来，和辛加烈的身体隔绝开来。
Unconsciously, the spiritual core of the king worm was wrapped in an invisible spiritual power net, isolated from Xin Jialie's body.
王虫发现时，想要摆脱，刚碰到那张网，就遭受到宛如精神凌迟的痛苦刑罚。
When the king worm found out, he wanted to get rid of it, but as soon as he touched the net, he was subjected to a painful punishment like mental delay.
王虫不愿意放弃这具身体，可是它根本无法阻挡那股磅礴的精神能量。
The king worm was unwilling to give up this body, but it couldn't stop the majestic spiritual energy at all.
精神网网住了它的精神核，用力往外拖拽。 The spiritual net caught its spiritual core and dragged it out with all its might.
王虫的精神体被硬生生从辛加烈身体里拖拽出来，半点都没有残留。
The spirit body of the king worm was dragged out of Xin Jialie's body, and there was no trace left.
雷木迅速抓住辛加烈的身体，和王虫精神体远远分开。 Lei Mu quickly grabbed Xin Jialie's body and separated it from the king worm's spirit body.
王叶满头满身都是冷汗，脸上却在笑，就是笑容有点小狰狞：“让小爷我的精神力进入你的精神核，你以为只是精神体受伤那么简单吗？”
Wang Ye's head was covered with cold sweat, but his face was smiling, but his smile was a little hideous: "Let my spiritual power enter your spiritual core, do you think it's as simple as just a mental body injury?" ”
雷木和他心意相通，两人故意和王虫聊天，就是为了降低它的警觉性。
Lei Mu and he had the same heart, and the two of them deliberately chatted with Wang Worm just to reduce its vigilance.
其实王虫又何尝不是在通过聊天想要降低他们的警觉性，好寻找逃跑甚至反杀的机会。
In fact, the king worm is not chatting to reduce their vigilance, so as to find an opportunity to escape or even kill back.
彼此都在互相算计，就看谁最后能成功而已。 Each other is calculating with each other, and it is just a matter of who can succeed in the end.
“你怎么可能找到我……”的精神核所在？王虫不可置信。
"How can you possibly find the spiritual core of my ......"? The king worm is unbelievable.
王叶：感谢因果之力。被因果之力缠上，你还想躲藏？躲到哪里都没用。何况这只虫子还进入了他的虫巢，在虫巢中他就是王！
Wang Ye: Thank you for the power of cause and effect. Entangled by the power of cause and effect, you still want to hide? It's useless to hide anywhere. What's more, this worm has also entered his hive, and in the hive he is the king!
王虫的精神体拼命挣扎，想要逃脱虫巢和王叶的双重控制，但王叶此时把他从远古巨兽那里得到的精神力量全都用在虫巢上，紧紧压制住王虫的精神力。
The spirit body of the king insect struggled desperately, trying to escape the dual control of the insect hive and Wang Ye, but Wang Ye used all the spiritual power he got from the ancient giant beast on the insect nest at this time, and tightly suppressed the spiritual power of the king insect.
王虫不停催眠王叶，想让他沉睡。但王叶只连声叫着头疼，却半点入睡的意思都没有。
Wang Worm kept hypnotizing Wang Ye, trying to make him sleep. But Wang Ye only screamed and had a headache, but he didn't mean to fall asleep at all.
王叶还拼命让虫巢反过来吸收王虫的精神力。 Wang Ye also desperately tried his best to let the insect nest absorb the spiritual power of the king insect in turn.
雷木甩手就对王虫施展雷击术，这招对精神体打击比对肉体打击还要强。
Lei Mu shook his hand and cast a lightning strike on the king insect, which was stronger than the physical attack.
王虫避无可避，只能硬挨，挨了几下就不行了，尤其这个不知哪里来的该死虫巢还在拼命吸收它的精神力。
The king worm has no way to avoid it, it can only be hard, and it won't work after a few hits, especially this damn insect nest that came from nowhere is still desperately absorbing its spiritual power.
王虫想要夺回虫巢的控制权，但拥有了远古巨兽一半精神力压阵的王叶的精神力太强大，虫巢对王虫的呼唤没有半丝反应。
The king worm wanted to take back control of the hive, but Wang Ye, who had half of the spiritual power of the ancient giant beast, was too strong, and the hive did not respond to the call of the king worm.
小光和浮游光虫群窝在金巢里一边啃金砖一边看热闹。 Xiaoguang and the planktonic light insect swarm nested in the golden nest, gnawing on gold bricks while watching the excitement.
“咿咿！”好惨，幸亏我机智地叛变了。 "Babble!" It's so miserable, but fortunately I was witty and betrayed.
浮游光虫群一起表示老大最英明，跟着老大有肉吃……想吃肉，不想再吃这硬邦邦的金砖了。
The planktonic light insect swarm together means that the boss is the most wise, and there is meat to eat with the boss...... I want to eat meat, I don't want to eat this hard gold brick anymore.
“咿咿！”等会儿就让那小子给我们换口味！ "Babble!" We'll let that kid change our flavors later!
浮游光虫群发出欢呼。 The swarm of planktonic light worms cheered.
小光暗中得意，又有点解恨：不让我进入虫巢，可现在我和我的族群都在虫巢中了，而且我们还有一个单独的金巢！王虫又怎样，还不是要被主人吸收了。
Xiaoguang was secretly proud, and a little relieved: he didn't let me enter the hive, but now I and my clan are in the hive, and we have a separate golden nest! What about the king worm, it's not about to be absorbed by the master.
主人那个小混蛋有一点没说错，反正都是虫巢的主人，管他是人类还是寄生虫，反正王虫不也顶着人类的外表？融合后更连自己原先的身体也没了，最后只有精神体被赶出来，这样看来，是人类还是寄生虫族，区别根本不大。
The little bastard of the master is not wrong at all, anyway, he is the owner of the hive, it doesn't matter if he is a human or a parasite, anyway, the king worm also has the appearance of a human being? After the fusion, even his original body was gone, and in the end, only the spirit body was driven out, so it seems that there is not much difference between humans and parasites.
“咿！”真惨~ "Bah!" It's miserable~
“让我……最后看他一眼……”王虫忽然哀求道。 "Let me ...... One last look at him......" Wang Worm suddenly pleaded.
王叶全部精神都用来控制虫巢，根本没有理会王虫的要求。
Wang Ye used all his energy to control the insect nest, and he didn't pay attention to Wang Insect's request at all.
但那枚养魂贝自己打开了贝壳，一颗透明的珍珠飘浮而出，慢慢飘到辛加烈的额头前。
But the soul-nourishing shell opened its shell on its own, and a transparent pearl floated out and slowly floated to Singaret's forehead.
透明珍珠没入辛加烈的额头。 The transparent pearl sank into Singarie's forehead.
被雷木放在地上的辛加烈眼皮抖动，慢慢睁开了眼睛。 Singaryeh's eyelids trembled, and he slowly opened his eyes.
“辛加烈……”王虫呼唤他。 "Singaret ......," the king worm called to him.
雷木对辛加烈伸出手，辛加烈握住他的手，借力站起。 Remu held out his hand to Singari, who took his hand and stood up with strength.
“辛加烈……”王虫再次呼唤。 "Singari ......," the king worm called again.
辛加烈转头，他原本只是一个普通人，经过王虫融合改造这具身体后，他现在不但肉体强悍，精神力更是强大。
Xin Jialie turned his head, he was originally just an ordinary person, after the fusion of the king worm to transform this body, he is now not only physically strong, but also mentally powerful.
这就让辛加烈听到了王虫精神体的呼唤，但他看不见王虫的精神体。
This made Xin Jialie hear the call of the king worm's spirit body, but he couldn't see the king worm's spirit body.
王叶和雷木都看向这个前监狱长。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu both looked at the former prison warden.
很奇特，不过换了一个灵魂，辛加烈整个人的气质都变了。
It's very peculiar, but with a different soul, Singarieh's whole temperament has changed.
之前他们看到的辛加烈给人以十分威严之感，还有些疏离，这会儿再看辛加烈，你却会首先想到四个字“中正平和”，然后就是温和中带着一点充满关心的严厉，就像是人人都想要的那种兄长式人物，总而言之是个让人看到就感觉很舒服的人。
The Singariel they saw before gave people a very sense of majesty and a little alienation, but when you look at Singariel now, you will first think of the four words "neutral and peaceful", and then there is mildness with a little bit of caring sternness, just like the kind of brotherly character that everyone wants, all in all, a person who makes people feel very comfortable when they see it.
王虫不断呼唤辛加烈的名字。 The king worm kept calling Singari's name.
辛加烈先对雷木和王叶点点头，郑重道：“大恩不言谢，你们做的一切，在连升拿出养魂贝以后，我都看到了。”
Xin Jialie nodded to Lei Mu and Wang Ye first, and said solemnly: "Don't thank you for your kindness, I have seen everything you have done after Lian Sheng took out the soul nourishing shell." ”
“谢不谢的以后再说，先一起对付这只王虫的精神体，消灭它！”雷木心疼小叶子，不断加大攻击。
"Thank you or not, let's talk about it later, let's deal with this king worm's spirit body together and destroy it!" Lei Mu felt sorry for Xiao Ye and kept increasing his attacks.
但王虫不愧是王虫，被两人联手攻击到这种程度，精神体竟然还没有被打散。
But the king worm is worthy of being the king worm, and it has been attacked by the two of them to such an extent, and the spirit body has not been dispersed.
辛加烈没有出手，不是他不想出手，而是他怕两人不相信他，而且他也不知道要如何进行精神攻击。
Singariel didn't make a move, not because he didn't want to, but because he was afraid that the two would not believe him, and he didn't know how to carry out a mental attack.
王叶扭头问辛加烈：“这只虫子就快死了，它一直在叫你，你对它有什么计划？”
Wang Ye turned his head and asked Xin Jialie: "This worm is dying, it has been calling you, what are your plans for it?" ”
虽然他觉得辛加烈不会对这只虫子手软，但还是问一声好了。
Although he didn't think that Singari would be soft on the bug, he still asked.
辛加烈淡淡道：“没有任何计划，该消灭就消灭。” Xin Jialie said lightly: "There is no plan, it should be eliminated." ”
王虫发出惨呼，似乎不相信辛加烈会这样对它。 The king worm let out a scream, as if he didn't believe that Singarel would do this to him.
辛加烈对王叶两人道：“它的能力就是攻心，它会让你觉得它是你一边的。它寄生你时，也会让你觉得它在为你着想，甚至会让你错以为它会愿意和你共存。但实际上这只是它用来吞噬寄生体灵魂的一种方法，也是它的游戏方式之一。当你对它放松，开始相信它的时候，就是它得逞的时候。”
Xin Jialie said to Wang Ye and the others: "Its ability is to attack the heart, and it will make you feel that it is on your side." When it parasitizes you, it can also make you feel that it is looking out for you, and even make you mistakenly think that it will want to live with you. But in reality this is just one of the methods it uses to devour the souls of parasites, and it is also one of the ways it plays. When you relax with it and start believing in it, that's when it succeeds. ”
“不是这样，你误会我了……”王虫痛苦道。 "No, you misunderstood me...... Wang Worm said bitterly.
辛加烈没理睬王虫，继续跟王叶雷木解说：“我能坚持一年，不是我的精神力特别强大，而是它在用这种方式汲取养料。我的灵魂越痛苦，就越能滋养它的精神体。它不断吊着我，每次都在我最绝望的时候，透出软化的意思，表示可以和我共存。它反反复复使用着同样的手段，甚至不惜哀求我。”
Xin Jialie ignored Wang Worm and continued to explain to Wang Ye Leimu: "I can hold out for a year, not because my spiritual power is particularly strong, but because it is absorbing nutrients in this way. The more my soul suffers, the more it nourishes its spiritual body. It hung over and over me, and every time in my most desperate moments, it softened and said that it could live with me. It used the same tactics over and over again, even begging me. ”
“其实我真的快要相信它了，如果不是我的精神力在它的不断折磨下异变出共感这个能力，我就真的栽在了它的种种怀柔手段之下。可我感觉到了它的真实情绪，它在期待我投降，期待我同意它所说的共存，期待我对它的信任，而它内心已经准备好嘲笑我。”
"Actually, I'm really about to believe in it, if it weren't for the fact that my mental power was constantly tormented by it to mutate the ability of empathy, I would have really been planted under its various gentle methods. But I felt its true emotions, it was expecting me to surrender, expecting me to agree with its coexistence, expecting my trust in it, and its heart was ready to laugh at me. ”
“不是的，那是你的错觉，我……真的想要和你共存，辛加烈，我喜欢你！”王虫终于喊了出来。
"No, that's your delusion, I...... I really want to live with you, Singarieh, I like you! Wang Worm finally shouted.
辛加烈却笑了笑：“如果你喜欢我的方式就是不断折磨我，还用我的身份欺骗来拜访我的好友尤金，寄生他、转变他，之后还诱惑我的亲弟弟堕落，最后还让他感染虫卵，更把我辛辛苦苦好不容易建设好的囚犯岛搞得乌烟瘴气，那请你去喜欢你的寄生虫族吧，不要把这份喜欢用在人类和其他生物身上。”
Xin Jialie smiled: "If the way you like me is to constantly torture me, and use my identity to trick me into visiting my friend Eugene, parasitizing him, transforming him, and then tempting my own brother to fall, and finally infecting him with worm eggs, and even making the prisoner island that I have worked so hard to build into a miasma, then please go and like your parasitic people, and don't use this love for humans and other creatures." ”
王虫不喊了，大约是它发现怎么都骗不了辛加烈，更打动不了对方。
The king worm stopped shouting, probably because it found that it couldn't fool Xin Jialie, let alone impress the other party.
王叶流着冷汗嗤笑：“我还以为碰到了虐恋情深男猪脚，没想到就是个资深诈骗犯，这演技都快要把它自己骗倒了吧？”
Wang Ye sneered in a cold sweat: "I thought I had met a sadomasochistic man with pig's feet, but I didn't expect that he was a senior fraudster, and this acting skill was about to deceive himself, right?" ”
雷木担心地看向王叶，他怕王叶坚持不住。 Lei Mu looked at Wang Ye worriedly, he was afraid that Wang Ye would not be able to hold on.
王叶却打定了主意，就算一点点磨，也要把这只王虫的精神体磨死。
Wang Ye made up his mind, even if he grinded a little bit, he would grind the spirit body of this king insect to death.
“它是第二王虫。”辛加烈突然道。他不好动手，但他可以用其他方式影响这只王虫。
"It's the second king worm." Singari said suddenly. He can't do it well, but he can influence this king worm in other ways.
嗯？王叶雷木同时竖起耳朵。 Well? Wang Ye Leimu pricked up his ears at the same time.
王虫突然发出尖锐的灵魂叫声，似乎想要阻止辛加烈说出更多。
The king worm suddenly let out a high-pitched soul cry, as if trying to stop Singari from saying more.
可辛加烈显然不会因为这一点阻止就停止，他继续说道：“之前我也以为它是王虫，后来我才发现它并不是第一王虫，它只是一只替补王虫。”
But Singarie obviously won't stop because of this, he continued: "I thought it was a king worm before, but later I found out that it was not the first king worm, it was just a substitute king worm. ”
王叶哈哈大笑：“我就说它怎么会没有虫巢，原来它压根就不是正牌王虫。之前我还以为它就是一只跟尤金变异体差不多的普通智虫冒充王虫。”
Wang Ye laughed: "I'll just say how can it not have a hive, it turns out that it is not a genuine king worm at all." I thought it was just a normal Homo sapiens insect similar to Eugene's mutant, posing as a king bug. ”
替补王虫很愤怒，它想说什么，却再也发不出声音，它的精神体已经越来越薄弱，眼看就要消失了。
The substitute king worm was very angry, it wanted to say something, but it couldn't make a sound anymore, its spiritual body was getting weaker and weaker, and it was about to disappear.
替补王虫慌了，它有智慧，它清楚知道死亡是什么。 The substitute king worm panicked, it has wisdom, it knows exactly what death is.
辛加烈忽然皱眉：“不对。为什么只有它一个？它就算是替补王虫，也是那些寄生虫族中的高等存在。”
Singarie suddenly frowned: "No. Why is it the only one? Even if it is a substitute king worm, it is also a high-level existence among those parasitic worms. ”
替补王虫想让辛加烈闭嘴。 The substitute wanted to shut up Singari.
辛加烈恍然道：“我知道了。它被放弃了，它是诱饵。虫母和真正的王虫肯定察觉到什么，它们在用这只虫子吸引你们两的注意力。其他人现在在哪里？”
Singaret suddenly said, "I know. It's abandoned, it's bait. Mother worms and the real king worms must be aware of something, and they're using this bug to get the attention of both of you. Where are the others now? ”
王叶和雷木闻言变色。
替补王虫意识朦胧了，它觉得自己在冲着这几个人类大笑。
The substitute king worm was hazy, and it felt like it was laughing at the humans.
没错，它确实就是一只大大的诱饵。 Yes, it's a big bait.
它的作用就是用来吸引这两个人，如果它能达到王虫交给它的任务还能逃得掉，那最好。如果不能，只要它能拖延住这两个人，寄生虫族也赢了。
Its function is to attract these two people, and if it can achieve the task given to it by the king worm and still be able to escape, then it is the best. If not, as long as it can hold off these two people, the parasite wins.
远古巨兽收敛自己的精神力，把笼罩全岛的精神力全部收回，这么大的举动，它们怎么可能没有察觉？
The ancient giant beasts reined in their spiritual power and took back all the spiritual power that enveloped the entire island, how could they not be aware of such a big move?
它们不但察觉了，还查到远古巨兽的精神力消失很可能就和这两个人类有关。
Not only did they perceive it, but they also found out that the loss of the ancient beast's spiritual power was probably related to these two humans.
虫母和真正的王虫一直都想得到那远古巨兽的精神力和记忆，想要侵入它的精神核，它们不相信远古巨兽的精神力就那么消散，它们怀疑远古巨兽很可能把自己的精神核交给了这两个人类之一，让他们带出囚犯岛。
The mother worm and the real king worm have always wanted to get the spiritual power and memory of the ancient giant beast, and want to invade its spiritual core, they don't believe that the spiritual power of the ancient giant beast will dissipate like that, they suspect that the ancient giant beast may have given their spiritual core to one of the two humans and let them take them out of the prisoner island.
虫母和王虫派出它，一来是希望它能夺到那远古巨兽的精神核寄存体，二来则是希望就算夺不到东西，也能拖住两人。
Mother Worm and King Worm sent it out, hoping that it could take the spiritual core of the ancient beast, and secondly, hoping that even if they couldn't get something, they would be able to hold the two of them back.
“辛加烈……” "Singari ......"
替补王虫最后看向了那个男人，其实它也搞不清楚自己到底是不是在欺骗辛加烈，也许就像那人类小崽说的，它为了让辛加烈相信，也把自己骗倒了。
The substitute king worm finally looked at the man, in fact, it didn't know if it was cheating Singariel or not, maybe as the human cub said, it also deceived itself in order to make Singariel believe.
所以它会在欺骗辛加烈的好友、引诱辛加烈的弟弟，还用虫卵寄生他们后，感到深深地愧疚。
So it feels deeply guilty after deceiving Singarreh's friends, seducing Singariel's brother, and parasitizing them with worm eggs.
所以它弟弟用自己的虫巢吞噬了它的虫巢，说它太心软，不够资格当王虫时，它也默认了。
So when its younger brother devoured its hive with his own hive, saying that it was too soft-hearted to be qualified to be a king worm, it also acquiesced.
甚至当虫母和王虫告诉它，让它去做诱饵，实际相当于放弃它时，它也同意了。
Even when the mother worm and the king worm told it that letting it be the bait was actually equivalent to giving it up, it agreed.
为什么我会是一只寄生虫族呢？如果我也是一个人，我是不是能成为辛加烈的朋友，真正的喜欢他……
替补王虫的意识彻底消失了……还差一点！
王叶看着那一点微弱的光点，对辛加烈偏头道：“要契约它吗？现在它不是寄生虫族，它就是一只幽灵虫，而且记忆缺损得厉害。不过记忆不重要，这家伙天性就会骗人，也许可以成为你的帮手。”
Wang Ye looked at the faint point of light, and tilted his head to Xin Jialie and said, "Do you want to contract it?" Now it's not a parasite, it's a ghost bug, and its memory is badly damaged. But memory doesn't matter, this guy is deceitful by nature, and maybe he can be your helper. ”
辛加烈愣住，也不知道他怎么想的，竟然同意了。 Singarie was stunned, and he didn't know what he thought, but he agreed.
王叶感到可惜，他刚才就是兴之所至随口问了句，其实他还是很想把这只替补王虫给彻底吸收掉的，这玩意的精神力对虫巢可是大补。
Wang Ye felt a pity, he just asked casually, in fact, he still wanted to completely absorb this substitute king worm, the spiritual power of this thing is a great supplement to the insect nest.
第92章 寄生虫族的阴谋 Chapter 92: The Parasitic Conspiracy
辛加烈刚把那只幽灵虫契约完毕，王叶就收到了两条系统提示。
As soon as Xin Jialie finished the contract with the ghost worm, Wang Ye received two system prompts.
一条是完成了章绘的委托，通知囚犯岛监狱长岛上有寄生虫族一事，得到一百点经验值奖励。
One is to complete the commission of chapter painting, notify the prisoner island warden of the existence of parasites on the island, and get a reward of 100 experience points.
一条是完成了拯救辛加烈，让辛加烈灵魂回归身体的任务，得到五千点的经验值奖励。
One is to complete the task of saving Singari and returning Singari's soul to his body, and get a reward of 5,000 experience points.
后一条还好说，前一条却有些狡猾，竟然要通知辛加烈这个前监狱长才算真正完成这个任务，如果做任务的人没有救到辛加烈，那章绘那个委托任务，基本就不可能完成。
The latter one is okay to say, but the former one is a little cunning, and he actually has to inform Singaryeh, the former prison warden, to really complete this task, if the person who did the task did not save Singaryeh, then the entrusted task of Zhanghua would be basically impossible to complete.
也许在章绘心目中，他最相信的人还是前监狱长辛加烈？
Perhaps, in Zhang Hui's mind, the person he trusts the most is the former prison warden Singarie?
王叶想到章绘的外表，那人年龄很不好判断，初见面时像是三十，但经过精心打扮又像是双十的年轻女子。其实章绘长得很不错，但可能在监狱这种地方，掩饰自己的姣好外表是较为弱势的囚犯的本能，章绘把自己往邋遢大龄的模样靠拢，也是保护自己的一种手段。
Wang Ye thought of Zhang Hui's appearance, the person's age was very difficult to judge, when they first met, they looked like thirty, but after being carefully dressed, they looked like a young woman with double ten. In fact, Zhang Hui looks very good, but maybe in a place like a prison, it is the instinct of a weaker prisoner to hide his good appearance, and Zhang Hui moves closer to his sloppy appearance, which is also a means to protect himself.
王叶唯一笃定的是对方年龄应该不会小于二十五岁。这么算起来，章绘应该是享受到辛加烈照顾的那一代囚犯后代，虽然辛格尔在二十年前就成为囚犯岛的新监狱长，但章绘至少过了十年左右的好日子。
The only thing Wang Ye is sure of is that the other party's age should not be less than twenty-five years old. In this way, Zhang Hui should be the descendant of the generation of prisoners who enjoyed Singariel's care, although Singal became the new warden of Prisoner Island twenty years ago, Zhang Hui has lived a good life for at least ten years or so.
这点其实从章绘叙述他小时候的事中也可以听出，他倒霉应该是从十二岁开始。而那时也是辛加烈变异体彻底退居幕后的阶段。
In fact, this can also be heard from Zhang Hui's account of his childhood, and his bad luck should have started at the age of twelve. It was also the time when the Singarie mutant had completely receded into the background.
“走吧，我们先去码头看看。”雷木提议。 "Let's go, let's go to the docks first." Raimi proposed.
王叶自然没有不同意的，把辛加烈和雷木都送出虫巢，他自己没出去，就留在虫巢内消化刚才吸收的替补王虫的力量。主要是他消耗太多，又有点过度使用精神力，需要好好休息一番。
Wang Ye naturally didn't disagree, and sent both Xin Jialie and Lei Mu out of the hive, and he didn't go out himself, so he stayed in the hive to digest the power of the substitute king worm he had just absorbed. The main thing is that he consumes too much, and he uses a little too much mental power, so he needs to take a good rest.
王叶操纵虫巢落在雷木肩膀上。 Wang Ye manipulated the insect nest to land on Lei Mu's shoulder.
雷木确定虫巢不会掉下来后，就抓着辛加烈开始急速飞跃奔跑。
Once Remu was sure that the hive would not fall, he grabbed Singari and began to leap and run.
辛加烈也没问王叶在哪里，他已经通过替补王虫和王叶的对话知晓王叶有个虫巢，刚才他们就是在虫巢当中。
Xin Jialie didn't ask where Wang Ye was, he had already learned that Wang Ye had a hive through the dialogue between the substitute Wang Worm and Wang Ye, and they were in the hive just now.
虽然不知道一个人类怎么会契约了虫巢，但他都能契约一只幽灵虫，凭什么别人就不能契约虫巢？
Although I don't know how a human can contract a hive, he can contract a ghost worm, why can't others contract a hive?
辛加烈半个字都没多问，也不打算把这件事说出去，闷头就跟雷木往前跑。
Xin Jialie didn't ask a word, and he didn't plan to say anything about it, so he ran forward with Lei Mu.
到了码头，剩下的非囚犯岛民已经都上了船，水手们正在整修，打算过一会儿就开船回海草岛。
By the dock, the remaining non-prisoner islanders had already boarded the boat, and the sailors were renovating and planning to sail back to Seagrass Island in a moment.
雷木询问分站长等人去了哪里。 Lei Mu asked where the sub-station chief and the others had gone.
有水手告诉他们：“有看守跑来通知说，女囚营那边似乎闹出了乱子，像是寄生虫族作乱，正好后面的佣兵赶到，站长就带着他们去杀寄生虫族去了。”
A sailor told them: "A guard came to inform them that there seemed to be a disturbance on the other side of the women's prison camp, like a parasite rebellion, and just as the mercenaries from behind arrived, the stationmaster took them to kill the parasites." ”
雷木忙问：“他们什么时候走的？” Lei Mu hurriedly asked, "When did they leave?" ”
“已经走了一会儿。” "It's been a while."
雷木掉头要去找分站长，又担心船上的岛民。 Lei Mu turned around to find the sub-station master, and he was worried about the islanders on the ship.
王叶就在虫巢里面让雷木把整艘船走了一遍，确定没有寄生虫族隐藏这才放心。
Wang Ye asked Lei Mu to walk the entire ship through the worm nest to make sure that there were no parasites to hide.
辛加烈道：“寄生虫族很聪明，它们应该知道如果你们反应过来，肯定会先过来检查这艘船，所以它们就算要走，也不会用这艘船。”
Singariel said: "The parasites are very smart, they should know that if you react, they will definitely come and check this ship first, so even if they want to leave, they will not use this ship." ”
“我们先去监狱区，你暂且留在这里安抚大家，有什么事让你的幽灵虫来通知我。”雷木道，还分了辛加烈不少石棉矿石。
"Let's go to the prison area first, you stay here for the time being to appease everyone, and let your ghost worm inform me if something happens." Lei Mu Road, also divided a lot of asbestos ore in Singarie.
“好。你们小心。” "Good. Be careful. ”
船上的岛民看到辛加烈，年轻的还好说，年老的人都很激动地跑过来跟辛加烈见礼，还有人隐约埋怨辛加烈不再管事，这才导致岛上情况越来越差。
When the islanders on the boat saw Singari, the young ones were okay, and the old people were very excited to run over to greet Singariel, and some vaguely complained that Singariel was no longer in charge, which caused the situation on the island to get worse and worse.
辛加烈竟然直接说明了自己在二十一年前就被寄生虫族寄生的事，又说自己得到岛上幽灵连爷爷的帮助，灵魂才得以保存，现在被雷木和王叶这两位佣兵帮助，才能夺回自己的身体。
Xin Jialie directly explained that he was parasitized by the parasitic zerg twenty-one years ago, and said that he was able to save his soul with the help of the ghost company grandfather on the island, and now he was helped by the two mercenaries, Lei Mu and Wang Ye, to regain his body.
岛上人谁不知道幽灵连爷爷的传说，他们也不清楚被寄生时间太长基本就救不回来的事，只当辛加烈好人有好报，大家不禁都唏嘘不已。
The people on the island don't know the legend of the ghost and even the grandfather, and they don't know that they can't be saved if they are parasitic for too long.
更有老人哭泣说要是辛加烈没有被寄生，岛上也不至于变成这样。
There were even old men who cried that if Singaret had not been parasitized, the island would not have become like this.
辛加烈安慰他们。 Singarel comforted them.
船上有不少中老年人询问辛加烈，问他以后是不是会继续做监狱长，如果辛加烈能继续做监狱长，那他们也愿意留下来。
Many middle-aged and elderly people on the ship asked Singarie if he would continue to be the prison warden in the future, and if he could continue to be the prison warden, then they would also be willing to stay.
辛加烈劝他们不用如此，说他以后应该不会再留在岛上，让大家以后出去好好生活。
Singarel advised them not to do so, saying that he should not stay on the island in the future, and let everyone go out and live a good life in the future.
左勤桑兄弟俩看到辛加烈也很高兴，过来和他说话，希望他能帮助证明两人的发现，尤其是关于金矿的事。
The Zuo Qinsang brothers were also very happy to see Singarye, and came to talk to him, hoping that he could help prove their discovery, especially about the gold mines.
辛加烈同意，他也同时要求两兄弟帮他佐证寄生虫族的强大危害。
Singariel agrees, and at the same time asks the two brothers to help him prove the dangers of the parasitic people.
辛加烈的想法与二十年前相比有了不小的改变，他是个比较平和的性子，以前他就算有能力争，也不想争，哪怕是被人做手脚相当于是发配到囚犯岛来做监狱长，他也默默接受了。
Xingarieh's thinking has changed a lot compared to twenty years ago, he is a relatively peaceful character, even if he has the ability to fight, he does not want to fight, even if being manipulated is equivalent to being sent to Prisoner Island to be the prison warden, he also silently accepts.
可经历过囚犯岛事件后，他深深了解到，如果上层昏庸愚昧腐败，那么不管下层再怎么努力，其结果都难以保存和维持。相反如果上层足够清明、对下层的把握也足够清晰有力，那么就算下层出现不好的人和事也可以及时挽救。
But after experiencing the Prisoner Island incident, he deeply understood that if the upper class is ignorant and corrupt, then no matter how hard the lower class tries, the results will be difficult to preserve and maintain. On the contrary, if the upper level is clear enough and the grasp of the lower level is clear and powerful enough, then even if there are bad people and things in the lower level, they can be saved in time.
治国犹如种田，国家上层犹如庄稼的根，如果根系不稳固不健壮，那所有一切都是镜花水月。
Governing the country is like farming, and the upper echelons of the country are like the roots of crops.
尤其他的弟弟辛格尔还带着一身最新型的寄生虫卵回去了王都。
In particular, his younger brother Singal returned to the royal capital with a new parasite egg.
辛加烈只希望能尽快赶回去，尽量阻止寄生虫族侵蚀和替代锡雨国上层。
Singariel only wanted to rush back as soon as possible, and try to stop the parasitic Zerg from encroaching and replacing the upper echelons of the Tin Rain Country.
如果无法挽回…… If it is irretrievable......
“那就干掉他们，你自己为王。阿烈，我会帮助你！”幽灵虫杀气腾腾地道。
"Then kill them, and you will be king yourself. Are, I'll help you! "The ghost insect is killing the earth.
辛加烈：“……嗯。” Singary: "...... Well. ”
为王哪里是那么简单的事，那不止是权力和荣誉，更是无尽的责任和看不到尽头的杀伐。
Where is it so simple to be a king, it is not only power and honor, but also endless responsibility and killing with no end in sight.
但如果某些人一心只想享受权力的好处，却不愿意承担那些责任，那么就让他来吧，有些事总要有人去做。
But if some people only want to enjoy the benefits of power, but are not willing to take on those responsibilities, then let him come, and some things must be done.
另一头，王叶在虫巢里休息也不老实，和雷木嘀嘀咕咕：“那个辛加烈绝对变异了。我当时压根就没想要把那只替补王虫让给他，但我就看了他一眼，不知为什么就张口说出了那样的话，那绝对是精神诱惑没错了！”
On the other side, Wang Ye was not honest when he was resting in the worm nest, and muttered to Lei Mu: "That Xin Jialie has definitely mutated." I didn't want to give him the substitute worm at all, but I just glanced at him, and for some reason I opened my mouth to say something like that, it was definitely a spiritual temptation! ”
雷木好笑：“我还以为你是想要帮助辛加烈变得更强，才会把那只幽灵虫送给他。”
Thunderwood laughed: "I thought you wanted to help Singarel become stronger, so you gave him that ghost bug." ”
“才不是。”王叶郁闷：“感觉有点亏。” "Not really." Wang Ye was depressed: "I feel a little lost." ”
“也不亏啦。”雷木安抚小孩：“你看，你救了辛加烈，得到了一只养魂贝。虽然你把那只替补王虫送给了辛加烈，但那只替补王虫大部分的精神力量其实已经被你和虫巢吸收。而且你还借此机会，又吸收了一点那远古巨兽赠送给你的精神力量，总体算下来还是有赚的。”
"It's not a loss." Lei Mu comforted the child: "Look, you saved Xin Jialie and got a soul shell. Although you gave the substitute king worm to Xin Garie, most of the mental power of the substitute king worm has actually been absorbed by you and the hive. Moreover, you also took this opportunity to absorb a little bit of the spiritual power given to you by the ancient beast, and you still made money overall. ”
雷木想了想，又道：“辛加烈被那只会蛊惑人心又会精神控制的替补王虫寄生，他的身体自然早就变异，精神体肯定也有所异化。而且他自己也说他和那只替补王虫之间产生了共感，那么他本能地会一点精神诱惑术也是正常的。”
Lei Mu thought for a while, and then said: "Xin Jialie was parasitized by that substitute king worm who can only deceive people's minds and can control minds, his body has naturally mutated a long time ago, and his spirit body must have also been alienated. And he himself said that he had a sympathy with the substitute king worm, so it was normal for him to instinctively have a little mental temptation. ”
王叶认真道：“以后要离那家伙远一点，不自知的诱惑才最可怕。”
Wang Ye said seriously: "In the future, you have to stay away from that guy, and the temptation of not knowing it is the most terrifying." ”
雷木深以为然。王叶多精明一小孩啊，竟然会主动把好处送给别人，那辛加烈的魅力也是够大的了。偏偏人魅力全开还不自知。
Lei Mu thought so. Wang Ye is a shrewd child, and he will take the initiative to give benefits to others, so Xin Jialie's charm is big enough. It's just that people are full of charm and don't know it.
王叶还嘀咕：“幸好他是个中年老男人，虽然长得不错，但距离风华绝代还有些距离，否则他恐怕不用才能，就能把这天下搞得天翻地覆。你看吧，等他回到锡雨国王都，锡雨国以后肯定不会太平。”
Wang Ye also muttered: "Fortunately, he is a middle-aged old man, although he looks good, but there is still some distance from the peerless elegance, otherwise he may not use his talent to turn the world upside down." You see, when he returns to the capital of the King of Xiyu, the country of Xiyu will definitely not be peaceful in the future. ”
雷木忍不住笑：“那对锡雨国的平民说不定是好事。” Lei Mu couldn't help but laugh: "That might be a good thing for the civilians of the Xiyu Country." ”
“也是啊，不破不立。” "yes, if you don't break it, you can't stand it."
两人说话间已经来到监狱区女囚营门口。 While the two were talking, they had already arrived at the gate of the women's camp in the prison area.
“奇怪，没有看守。”雷木顿住脚步。 "Strange, there are no guards." Remmous paused.
“佣兵呢？” "What about the mercenaries?"
“也没看到。太安静了。”雷木跳到墙顶往里面看。 "I didn't see it either. It's so quiet. Raimu jumped to the top of the wall and looked inside.
女囚营一向比男囚营安静，但今天也未免太过安静。 Women's camps have always been quieter than men's, but today they are too quiet.
这个时间应该是女囚们出来放风的时间，但外面的广场上没有看到半个人影。
This time was supposed to be the time when the female prisoners came out to let off steam, but there was not half a figure in the square outside.
“只能进去看看了，木木，小心，如果发现问题，我会随时把你拉入虫巢。”王叶不再说话，专心致志疗养之前的精神力损伤。
"I can only go in and take a look, Mumu, be careful, if I find a problem, I will pull you into the hive at any time." Wang Ye stopped talking and concentrated on recuperating from the previous mental damage.
他的专心致志就是跑到钟乳洞里，蹲在抱月养魂贝前，对着它流口水，并厚着脸皮跟养魂贝不住念叨：“一点点，就给一点点。你想要什么，我可以换给你啊~”
His concentration was to run to the stalactite cave, squatting in front of the moon and soul nourishing shell, drooling at it, and cheekily chattering to the soul raising shell: "A little, just give a little." What do you want, I can exchange it for you~"
养魂贝不想理他，刚才就占了它便宜，现在还想占，做梦！
Soul Nourishing Bei didn't want to pay attention to him, he took advantage of it just now, and now he still wants to take advantage of it, dreaming!
王小叶搓着手道：“贝贝，别这样嘛，大家都是自己人了。你看我给你选的住处多好啊，不但有即将转变成灵液的钟乳石液滋润你，还有光之玉浸泡在水里，这水可是绝佳的炼药和炼金材料，更是最佳的滋养液，我都免费让你用了，都没有跟你要租金，你看我养的浮游光虫们，它们都要给我干活的，还要产虫蜜交房租。”
Wang Xiaoye rubbed his hands and said, "Beibei, don't be like this, everyone is your own person." You see how good the place I chose for you to live, not only is there a stalactite liquid that is about to be transformed into spiritual liquid to nourish you, but also the jade of light soaked in water, this water is an excellent alchemy and alchemy material, and it is the best nourishing liquid, I let you use it for free, I didn't ask you for rent, you see the plankton light insects I raised, they all have to work for me, and they have to produce insect honey to pay rent. ”
养魂贝：“……” Soul Nourishing Shell: "......"
“好贝贝，就给一点点，就一点点~”王叶看养魂贝不为所动，立刻变脸：“看来你不喜欢这个住处，那好吧，我给你换个地方，你觉得洗菜池怎么样？”
"Good Beibei, just give a little, just a little~" Wang Ye saw that the soul nourishing Bei was unmoved, and immediately changed his face: "It seems that you don't like this residence, then okay, I'll change the place for you, what do you think of the vegetable washing sink?" ”
养魂贝气得啪地打开贝壳，朝着王小叶的脸就射出一道液体。
The Soul Nourishing Shell angrily opened the shell and shot a liquid towards Wang Xiaoye's face.
王叶大惊失色，连忙张大嘴巴，一滴不漏地把那道液体全部吞下。
Wang Ye was shocked, and hurriedly opened his mouth wide and swallowed all the liquid without leaking.
吞完了，这占了大便宜的小混蛋还叨叨：“怎么能这样招呼都不打一声呢？要是我没反应过来，反射神经也不够强，不都浪费了？真是败家贝。”
After swallowing it, the little bastard who took advantage of it still chattered: "How can you say hello like this without making a sound?" If I don't react, the reflex nerve is not strong enough, won't it all be wasted? What a loser. ”
养魂贝：“……”所托非人啊！它决定就此休眠，一百年，不，一千年都不开壳。
Soul Nourishing Bei: "......" is not a human being! It decided to go dormant for a hundred years, no, a thousand years.
外面，雷木给自己施展“护”字诀，也给自己套上了一个能量守护，跃入女囚营，向食堂方向跑去。
Outside, Lei Mu used the word "protection" for himself, and also put an energy guard on himself, jumped into the women's prison camp, and ran in the direction of the canteen.
“呜呜……娘，阿娘……”就在快要到达食堂前，一排屋子的阴影下传出了幼小孩童的哭声。
"Woo...... Mother, mother...... "Just before reaching the cafeteria, the cries of young children were heard in the shadow of a row of rooms.
雷木皱眉，他明明记得女囚营所有出生的孩子都被转移走了，为什么这里还有孩童留下？
Lei Mu frowned, he clearly remembered that all the children born in the women's camp had been transferred, why were there still children left here?
当然也不排除有些女囚担心太多，害怕和孩子分离，就把孩子藏了起来。
Of course, it is not excluded that some female prisoners are too worried and afraid of being separated from their children, so they hide their children.
雷木想暂时不理会那孩子，先去查看佣兵们的情况，但那孩子的哭声明明不是很响亮，却连绵不绝，让你怎么都无法忽视。听久了，不但心烦气躁，还特别想把那孩子找出来摔死。
Lei Mu wanted to ignore the kid for the time being and check on the mercenaries first, but the kid's crying statement was obviously not very loud, but it was so continuous that you couldn't ignore it. After listening to it for a long time, not only was he upset and irritable, but he also wanted to find the child and fall to his death.
雷木不想摔死那孩子，但他还是忍不住跑去哭声传来的地方绕了一圈。
Remu didn't want to fall to the child, but he couldn't help but run around the place where the cry came from.
奇怪的是，他没有看到任何小孩的踪影。 Strangely, he didn't see any trace of the child.
雷木施展眼术，扫过周围，没有看到任何属于人类的能量体。
Raimu cast his eye skills and swept around, not seeing any energy bodies belonging to humans.
可哭声却不绝于耳，而且越来越让人烦躁，让人不仅想杀死那孩子，更恨不得砸碎自己的脑袋……
But the crying was incessant, and it became more and more irritating, making people not only want to kill the child, but also want to smash their own heads......
“木木，拿着这个！”王叶的声音陡然刺入雷木脑中。 "Mumu, take this!" Wang Ye's voice suddenly pierced into Lei Mu's brain.
雷木头脑一清，接过小叶子从虫巢里塞给他的咒怨骷髅。
Remu cleared his mind and took the cursed skeleton that Xiaoye stuffed into him from the hive.
说来也奇怪，他刚把咒怨骷髅握入手中，那让人烦躁无比的哭声就戛然而止。
Strange to say, as soon as he took the cursed skeleton in his hand, the irritating cry came to an abrupt end.
“果然是邪术。那些虫子会的还挺多。”王叶冷笑。 "Sure enough, it's sorcery. There are quite a few of those bugs. Wang Ye sneered.
“它们寄生别的生物，目的之一不就是为了得到别的生物的能力和知识吗。”雷木暗气，他已经不是第一次被精神方面的术法影响，这证明他的精神力还是不够强大，他以后恐怕得在精神力方面多下点功夫。
"Isn't one of the purposes of their parasitism to get the abilities and knowledge of other creatures?" Lei Mu has a dark qi, this is not the first time he has been affected by spiritual spells, which proves that his spiritual power is still not strong enough, and he may have to put more effort into spiritual power in the future.
“木木，你滴一滴血给这个咒怨骷髅，建立精神联系后，你会知道怎么使用它。”王叶道。
"Mumu, you drop a drop of blood to this cursed skeleton, and after establishing a spiritual connection, you will know how to use it." Wang Ye said.
雷木犹豫：“这东西难得，你还是留给你自己吧。” Lei Mu hesitated: "This thing is rare, you better keep it to yourself." ”
王叶轻笑：“木木，别跟爸爸客气。爸爸的精神力现在可是超级强大，就凭这些低劣的邪术还别想影响到我。倒是你，顶着魔族的名头，却不会使用传说中魔族的邪恶手段。其实这个咒怨骷髅正适合你，你用它时就使用你的魔族力量，会加大咒怨骷髅的威力。这东西不仅可以防守，更可以攻击。”
Wang Ye chuckled: "Mumu, don't be polite to Dad." Dad's mental power is super powerful now, so don't even think about affecting me with these inferior evil arts. It's you, in the name of the demons, but you won't use the evil methods of the legendary demons. In fact, this curse skeleton is just right for you, and when you use it, you use your demon power, which will increase the power of the cursed skeleton. This thing can not only defend, but also attack. ”
事态紧急，雷木也不再和小叶子客气，滴血契约了咒怨骷髅。他的血和力量果然和咒怨骷髅很搭，被他契约的咒怨骷髅隐约透露出高兴的情绪，不到片刻，他已经知道该如何使用这个咒怨骷髅。
The situation was urgent, and Lei Mu was no longer polite to Xiao Yezi, and he contracted to curse the skeleton with blood. His blood and strength really matched the cursed skeleton, and the cursed skeleton he contracted vaguely revealed a happy mood, and in less than a moment, he already knew how to use this cursed skeleton.
借用咒怨骷髅的力量，雷木的眼术也有了一点变异，他可以看到非正常的邪恶能量了。
Borrowing the power of the cursed skeleton, Lei Mu's eye skills have also mutated a little, and he can see abnormal evil energy.
地上出现了之前没有的血滴。 Drops of blood appeared on the ground that were not there before.
雷木顺着血滴，一步步走向食堂后方。 Lei Mu followed the drops of blood and walked to the back of the cafeteria step by step.
这时，佣兵公会分站长符永以及他带来的佣兵们都十分后悔。
At this time, Fu Yong, the head of the mercenary guild, and the mercenaries he brought were very regretful.
后悔他们没有更重视草木皆兵佣兵队的警告。 Regret that they didn't pay more attention to the warnings of the Mercenary Team.
谁能想到这些寄生虫族竟然能这么厉害？ Who would have thought that these parasites could be so powerful?
他们听到看守通知，说是女囚营出事了，已经知道虫母巢穴就在女囚营食堂厨房下方的符永当即就认为是寄生虫族跑出来了，正好下一船佣兵来到，他就带着佣兵来灭虫了。
When they heard the guard's notice, saying that something had happened in the women's prison camp, Fu Yong, who already knew that the worm mother's nest was under the kitchen of the women's prison camp's cafeteria, immediately thought that the parasitic zerg had escaped, and just as the next boat of mercenaries arrived, he took the mercenaries to exterminate the insects.
他本来以为这就是手到擒来的小事，毕竟草木皆兵佣兵队也就两个人，还有一个只是小孩，那两人不也在囚犯岛安然待了这么长时间，还救下那么多人？
He originally thought that this was a trivial matter that could be captured, after all, there were only two people in the mercenary team, and one was just a child, didn't those two also stay safely on Prisoner Island for so long, and still saved so many people?
符永认为他带来这么多三级及以上的佣兵，对付那些寄生虫族已经是牛刀杀鸡大材小用，他连石棉矿石都忘记发给第二批人。
Fu Yong thought that he had brought so many mercenaries of level 3 and above, and it was already useless to deal with those parasitic insects, and he even forgot to send asbestos ore to the second group of people.
然后他们跟着来报信的看守进入了食堂。 Then they followed the guards who came to report the news into the cafeteria.
看守告诉他们，闹事的女囚都集中在食堂。 The guards told them that the troublemakers were concentrated in the cafeteria.
等他们进入食堂，确实发现了几个情况不正常的女囚，她们跟疯了一样见人就咬，好些看守都被咬伤了，有几个佣兵也被那几个疯女人抓伤咬伤。
When they entered the cafeteria, they did find a few female prisoners who were in abnormal condition, they bit people as if they were crazy, many guards were bitten, and several mercenaries were also scratched and bitten by those crazy women.
不过符永带来的人到底比较强大，没一会儿就把那几个女囚制服。
However, the people brought by Fu Yong were relatively powerful, and it didn't take long to subdue those female prisoners.
看守们对佣兵们感激非常，正好地方就是食堂，就让食堂女囚赶紧做点好吃好喝的送上来。
The guards were very grateful to the mercenaries, and it happened that the place was the canteen, so they asked the female prisoners in the canteen to hurry up and bring some delicious food and drink.
食堂里的食物都是现成的，中午剩了不少，只要略微加工一下就能端上来。
The food in the cafeteria is ready-made, and there is a lot left over at noon, and it can be served with a little processing.
这时已经过了中午，乘船过来的佣兵们确实有不少人还饿着肚子，看有吃的也就没客气。
At this time, it was already past noon, and many of the mercenaries who came by boat were indeed still hungry, and they were not polite to see that there was food.
符永也想着先让佣兵们吃饱喝足，再去探索厨房下面的虫族巢穴也来得及，就和佣兵们吃喝开了。
Fu Yong also thought that he would let the mercenaries eat and drink enough first, and then it would be too late to explore the zerg lair under the kitchen, so he ate and drank with the mercenaries.
吃着吃着，符永忽然发现不少佣兵不见了。 While eating, Fu Yong suddenly found that many mercenaries were missing.
经过询问才知道这些佣兵大多都是去方便，有的说是有点事，总之离去都有各种正当理由。
After inquiry, I learned that most of these mercenaries were going for convenience, and some said that it was a little something, and in short, there were various legitimate reasons for leaving.
但等了一小会儿，出去有事的佣兵越来越多。 But after waiting for a while, more and more mercenaries went out to have something to do.
第一批佣兵加上符永有十六人，第二批有五十八人。全部加起来，一共有七十四人。
The first batch of mercenaries plus Fu Yong had sixteen people, and the second group had fifty-eight people. All combined, there are seventy-four people in total.
当符永发现一顿饭的工夫，原本七十多人的佣兵竟然只剩下约三十人左右，四十多名佣兵全都一去不回头，他终于觉得不对劲了。
When Fu Yong found out that there were only about thirty mercenaries left from the original more than seventy mercenaries, and all the more than forty mercenaries were gone and never looked back, he finally felt that something was wrong.
他也终于想起来雷木曾叮嘱他不要随便吃喝岛上人给的食物和水。
He finally remembered that Reimu had told him not to eat and drink the food and water given by the people on the island.
但这是被他们救下的看守和女囚啊，他哪能想到供应那么多人的食堂饭菜也会出问题！
But these are the guards and female prisoners who were rescued by them, how could he have thought that there would be problems with the canteen meals for so many people!
“找！无论如何都要把人找出来！”符永又急又怒。 "Find! Find out the person no matter what! Fu Yong was anxious and angry.
“那些看守呢？刚才通知我们过来的看守在哪里？喊他过来！”有佣兵对外面招呼。
"What about the guards? Where is the guard who told us to come over? Call him over! "There are mercenaries greeting outside.
但佣兵们寻找后发现，之前还在食堂里和他们称兄道弟对他们不停拍马屁的几个看守全都消失了，包括那几个发疯被看管起来的女囚也不见了。
But after the mercenaries searched, they found that the guards who were still calling them brothers and sisters in the cafeteria had all disappeared, including the female prisoners who had gone crazy and were guarded.
第93章 以伤换伤 Chapter 93: Injuries for Injuries
幸好绝大多数女囚还在，她们都老实地待在自己的牢房里。
Fortunately, the vast majority of the female prisoners are still there, and they are honestly staying in their cells.
符永询问她们情况，可这些女囚什么都不知道，她们只知道看守们来通知她们，让她们今天一天都老实待在牢房里，哪里也不准去，否则后果自负。
Fu Yong asked them about the situation, but these female prisoners didn't know anything, they only knew that the guards had come to inform them, so that they would stay in the cell all day today, and they were not allowed to go anywhere, otherwise they would bear the consequences.
之后两名佣兵在一间牢房里发现了剩下的看守。 Later, two mercenaries found the remaining guards in a cell.
这十来名看守全都是四十往上的老弱。 The dozen or so guards were all in their forties.
被分到女囚营的看守，基本没有青壮，这也是为了防止看守们和女囚发生些不好的事。也有强壮的女看守，但数量极少。
The guards who were assigned to the women's prison camp were basically not young and strong, and this was also to prevent bad things from happening to the guards and the female prisoners. There are also strong female guards, but they are very few in number.
之前去报信和消失的几名看守就是看守中最强壮最年轻的，包括那几名闹事发疯的女囚也是女囚中身体和天赋最好的几个。
The guards who went to report and disappear before were the strongest and youngest of the guards, including the female prisoners who made trouble and went crazy, and they were also the best in body and talent among the female prisoners.
符永见怎么问女囚和看守们都问不出所以然，只能让这些女囚和看守们继续老实待着，他带着剩下的佣兵进入食堂厨房。
Fu Yongjian couldn't tell the female prisoners and guards why, so he could only let these female prisoners and guards continue to stay honest, and he took the remaining mercenaries into the canteen kitchen.
这时符永倒是想起来那袋石棉矿石了，他赶紧把矿石发给剩下的所有佣兵。
At this time, Fu Yong remembered the bag of asbestos ore, and he hurriedly sent the ore to all the remaining mercenaries.
符永懊悔，他发现目前还留在他身边的佣兵绝大多数都是之前他发了矿石的第一批佣兵。他们大概是被寄生虫族判断为不易寄生，才会被放弃。
Fu Yong regretted that he found that most of the mercenaries who remained with him were the first batch of mercenaries he had sent ore before. They were probably judged by the parasites to be not easy to parasitize, so they were abandoned.
矿石发给没有矿石的佣兵，却有两名佣兵接过矿石时露出了强烈厌恶的神情，还想把矿石悄悄扔了。
The ore was sent to the mercenaries who did not have the ore, but two of the mercenaries took the ore with a look of strong disgust and wanted to throw the ore quietly.
符永刚才吃了一个大亏，这时正是最警惕的时候，他在发放矿石时就暗中注意所有人的神情，当他发现这两个佣兵和其他人都不一样，立刻要把两人抓起来质问。
Fu Yong suffered a big loss just now, and this is the most vigilant time, he secretly paid attention to everyone's expressions when distributing ores, and when he found that these two mercenaries were different from others, he immediately wanted to arrest them and question them.
结果这两人转头就跑，他们跑进食堂厨房，挪开一口装水的大缸，露出地面一个大洞，就从那洞里跳了进去。
Then the two men turned around and ran, and they ran into the kitchen of the cafeteria, and removed a large vat of water, revealing a large hole in the ground, and jumped into it.
符永怕是陷阱，但又担心那些失踪的佣兵，只好带着剩下的人手追下去。
Fu Yong was afraid that it was a trap, but he was worried about the missing mercenaries, so he had to chase down with the rest of the people.
结果等他们使用绳索降落下去，却落入水中，更差点被等在那里的怪物给吃掉。
As a result, when they used the rope to descend, they fell into the water and were almost eaten by the monsters waiting there.
那怪兽至少有四级的实力，不但能吸血，还能吸食人的脑浆，舌头比箭还要锋利，能击穿人类坚硬的脑壳。
That monster has at least level 4 strength, not only can it suck blood, but it can also suck human brains, and its tongue is sharper than an arrow, and it can pierce through the hard brains of humans.
幸好怪兽不多，只有五只。 Fortunately, there are not many monsters, only five.
经过一开始的慌乱后，佣兵们很快稳定下来。 After the initial panic, the mercenaries quickly stabilized.
符永是高级武师，武器还是附魔武器，他带头抵住了两只怪兽的偷袭，否则他也不可能做到分站长的位置。
Fu Yong is a high-level martial artist, and his weapon is still an enchanted weapon, and he took the lead in resisting the sneak attack of the two monsters, otherwise he would not have been able to achieve the position of the sub-station master.
其他人则分头对付另外三只。 The others split up against the other three.
地底黑暗，那五只怪兽能在黑暗中视物，更能在洞中和水中来去自如。
The underground is dark, and the five monsters can see in the dark, and they can come and go freely in the cave and in the water.
佣兵们就遭了大罪，不少人负伤，还有两人重伤，一人失血严重。
The mercenaries suffered a great crime, many of them were wounded, two were seriously injured, and one of them suffered serious blood loss.
但好歹他们合力把这五只怪兽给解决了。 But they finally worked together to solve these five monsters.
这还没有找到虫母巢穴，佣兵们就损失如此严重，如此强烈的打击让符永不住自责，也让佣兵们后悔报名来做这个任务。
Before they could find the worm mother's nest, the mercenaries suffered such a serious loss, and such a strong blow made Fu never stop blaming himself, and also made the mercenaries regret signing up for this task.
更糟糕的是，受伤的佣兵有两人发现他们身上长出了奇怪的鼓包，那鼓包里还有东西在游动。
To make matters worse, two of the injured mercenaries noticed that they had a strange bulge growing on them, and there was something swimming in the bulge.
雷木也在此时跟着血滴找到了食堂厨房，发现了那口被挪开的大水缸。但血滴消失之处却不是那个洞口，而是靠墙的橱柜中。
At this time, Lei Mu also followed the blood drops to the cafeteria kitchen and found the large water tank that had been removed. But the place where the blood droplets disappeared was not the hole, but in the cupboard against the wall.
雷木先去看了看那个洞口，他隐约听到洞口底下似乎传来声响。
Remu went to look at the entrance of the cave first, and he vaguely heard a noise coming from under the hole.
但他还是放弃洞口，站到了橱柜面前，并伸手把柜门拉开了一条缝——血滴滴在了柜门处。
But he gave up the hole, stood in front of the cupboard, and reached out and pulled the door open a crack - blood dripping down the door.
一股冷风从缝隙中钻出。 A cold wind emerges from the cracks.
雷木嗅到了一点点像是什么东西腐烂的臭味。 Raigi smelled a little bit of rotting like something.
“木木，稍等，我们进虫巢。”王叶把雷木拉入虫巢。 "Mumu, wait a minute, let's go into the hive." Wang Ye pulled Lei Mu into the hive.
虽然使用虫巢，有可能让另一只王虫察觉，但只要不接近，短时间内他们还是安全的，总比两人直接落入陷阱里强。
Although using the worm nest may make another king worm detect, as long as they do not approach, they are still safe for a short time, which is better than two people falling directly into the trap.
王叶操纵虫巢飞入橱柜，橱柜中的底板是空的，风就是从底板缝隙中透出。
Wang Ye manipulated the insect hive to fly into the cabinet, and the bottom plate in the cabinet was empty, and the wind was leaking through the cracks in the bottom plate.
越过底板，下面是一条阶梯。 Beyond the bottom plate, there is a staircase below.
顺着阶梯下去，就是一条长长的通道，通道尽头有地下河，河边上有木桩，这说明这里曾经停靠过小型船只。
王叶有虫巢，短时间内不需要船只，就顺着地下河往前行。
雷木负责指明方向，只有他能嗅到那腐臭的味道，王叶就闻不到。
为了能追踪那味道，虫巢就只能隐形，不能扭曲空间。
地下河水变宽，而且出现岔道。 The underground river widened and forked in.
雷木指向左边那条。 Raimu pointed to the one to the left.
王叶就顺着左边继续往前飞。 Wang Ye continued to fly forward along the left.
这里的地势开始明显往下，途中有许多岔道和狭小缝隙。如果没有雷木指路，他们还不知道走到哪里去。
The terrain here begins to descend significantly, with many forks and narrow crevices along the way. Without Thunderwood to show them the way, they wouldn't know where to go.
王叶回忆之前下来的位置以及经过的道路，发现他们就像是以厨房为中心，在地底绕了一个大圈。
Wang Ye recalled the location and the road he had passed before, and found that they seemed to be centered on the kitchen, making a big circle underground.
这是一条螺旋形水道。 It is a spiral-shaped waterway.
水道尽头，是一个地底小岛。 At the end of the waterway is a small underground island.
小岛四面都是水，小岛顶端是大量的钟乳石，小岛地势凸凹不平，整体呈现暗红色。
The island is surrounded by water on all sides, and the top of the island is a large number of stalactites, and the island is uneven and dark red.
最奇妙的是这里并不黑暗，整座小岛都发出莹莹光芒。 The best part is that it's not dark, and the whole island glows.
小岛正中间坐着一个大肚子的女人。 In the middle of the island sat a woman with a big belly.
女人的头发非常长，几乎布满地面。 The woman's hair was very long and almost covered the ground.
突然，女人抬头，目光对准了虫巢所在。 Suddenly, the woman looked up and focused on the hive.
王叶停止前行。 Wang Ye stopped walking.
雷木盯着小岛上的女人：“那是虫母？” Lei Mu stared at the woman on the island: "That's the worm mother?" ”
“我只知道它确实是一只变异体，而且非常强大，至少六级，我们打不过它。”王叶第一次出现凝重的神色。
"All I know is that it's indeed a mutant, and it's very powerful, at least level six, and we can't beat it." Wang Ye had a solemn look for the first time.
“不对劲。”雷木用眼术扫视四周，“如果它是虫母，为什么只有它一个？其他寄生虫族呢？为什么我们这么简单就找到了虫母？”
"Something is wrong." Lei Mu scanned the surroundings with his eye technique, "If it's a worm mother, why is it the only one?" What about the other parasites? Why did we find the mother worm so easily? ”
“并不简单。如果不是你契约了咒怨骷髅，突破迷障，我们就不可能这么顺利地找到这里。”王叶冷静地道。
"It's not easy. If it weren't for you making a contract with the Cursed Skeleton and breaking through the obstacle, we wouldn't have been able to find this place so smoothly. Wang Ye said calmly.
“你是说我闻到的味道为我们指了路？” "You're saying what I smell shows us the way?"
“对。你看看这女人四周。”王叶抬了抬下巴。 "Yes. Look around this woman. Wang Ye raised his chin.
雷木刚才只顾着扫视能量体，这会儿才注意到这名疑似虫母的女人身边竟然都是尸体。
Lei Mu just glanced at the energy body, and only then did he notice that the woman who was suspected of being a worm mother was surrounded by corpses.
不过这些尸体很古怪，不像是正常生物，倒更像是…… But these corpses are weird, not like normal creatures, but more like ......
“那是寄生虫？”雷木低喃。 "That's a parasite?" Raimu muttered.
王叶点头：“就是。” Wang Ye nodded: "That's it." ”
“这是怎么回事？”雷木看不懂。 "What's going on?" Raimu couldn't read it.
王叶不敢百分百确定，他看过类似的邪术，这貌似是一种利用己族血脉来强大自身并施展术法的方式，血脉越近越好。
Wang Ye was not 100% sure, he had seen similar evil arts, which seemed to be a way to use his own bloodline to strengthen himself and cast spells, and the closer the bloodline, the better.
寄生虫族的学习和兼容能力果然非常强，似乎只要通过寄生体，它们什么力量都可以融汇掌握。
The parasite's ability to learn and adapt is really very strong, and it seems that as long as they pass through the parasite, they can master any power.
坐在小岛中间的女人突然开始念念有词，它身边的寄生虫尸体一只接一只变成粉末消失。
The woman sitting in the middle of the island suddenly began to mutter, and the parasite corpses around her vanished one by one as powder.
雷木突然拿出咒怨骷髅：“那变异体在攻击我们！” Thunderwood suddenly took out a curse and resented the skeleton: "That mutant is attacking us!" ”
咒怨骷髅头的额头竟然裂开了一条缝。 The forehead of the cursed skull was cracked.
雷木眼眸变得漆黑，开始调动自身魔族血脉的力量，利用咒怨骷髅攻击岛上的女人。
Lei Mu's eyes turned dark, and he began to mobilize the power of his demon bloodline, using the curse skeleton to attack the woman on the island.
女人身体一震，似乎没想到有人能反击它的咒术攻击。 The woman's body shook, as if she didn't expect someone to be able to counter its spell attack.
见那女人似乎能察觉虫巢的位置，雷木索性从虫巢中出来，落到小岛边沿。
Seeing that the woman seemed to be able to detect the location of the hive, Lei Mu simply came out of the hive and landed on the edge of the island.
女人看到雷木，微微色变，竟然开口说话：“你就是那个魔族？”
When the woman saw Lei Mu, her color changed slightly, and she actually spoke: "You are the demon?" ”
“你是虫母？”雷木不答反问。 "You're the worm mother?" Remu didn't answer the rhetorical question.
女人转头四看：“虫巢呢？我刚才感觉到虫巢的气息了，是谁在操纵虫巢？”
The woman turned her head to look around: "Where is the hive?" I just felt the breath of the hive, who is manipulating the hive? ”
王叶放出雷木后，就操纵虫巢扭曲空间，这个方法似乎让那女人无法再精确定位虫巢的位置。
After Wang Ye released the thunder wood, he manipulated the insect hive to distort the space, which seemed to make it impossible for the woman to accurately locate the location of the insect hive.
“其他寄生虫呢？王虫呢？为什么不在你身边保护你？”雷木问。
"What about other parasites? What about the king bug? Why not be there for you to protect you? Raimu asked.
女人重新把目光放到雷木身上：“我们谈谈。” The woman looked back at Remu: "Let's talk." ”
雷木向女人逼近一步：“你想谈什么？” Lei Mu took a step closer to the woman: "What do you want to talk about?" ”
女人的脸大半都被头发遮住，看不清她的容貌，也看不清她的表情，只能看到她幽黑的双眼：“你们魔族想要的是人类的灵魂，而我们想要的是人类的躯体，我们双方完全可以合作。”
Most of the woman's face was covered by hair, and she couldn't see her face clearly, nor could she see her expression clearly, but she could only see her dark eyes: "What you demons want is a human soul, and what we want is a human body, and we can cooperate completely." ”
雷木继续向前一步：“哦，你知道很多。你以前听过魔族？”
Remu continued to take a step forward: "Oh, you know a lot. Have you heard of demons before? ”
女人嗤笑：“你不用费尽心思打探我们的底细。你只要知道我们一族和你们魔族不是敌人。”
The woman scoffed, "You don't have to go to the trouble of finding out what we are doing. You just need to know that our clan and your demons are not enemies. ”
雷木也冷笑道：“合作？你既然知道我们魔族喜欢以灵魂为食，为什么会认为我们会放过你们？”
Lei Mu also sneered: "Cooperation? Since you know that we demons like to feed on souls, why do you think we will let you go? ”
女人胸有成竹地道：“你们魔族从来不觉得我们一族的灵魂美味，大约是我们一族没有人类那么复杂的心思。合作对我们双方都有利，我族负责寄生人类，你们负责吞噬人类的灵魂，如此我们融合的速度也能更快一点，而你们则有大量的不用费心的食物。”
The woman said confidently: "You demon clan have never felt that our clan's soul is delicious, and it is about that our clan does not have the same complex mind as humans. Cooperation is beneficial to both of us, our species is responsible for parasitic humans, and you are responsible for devouring human souls, so that we can merge a little faster, and you have plenty of food that you don't have to worry about. ”
“听起来不错，那你们打算要怎么和我们合作？”雷木一边和女人说话，一边寻找攻击的机会。
"Sounds good, so how are you going to work with us?" Reimu talks to the woman while looking for an opportunity to attack.
对方实力很可能达到六级，而他才五级，务必要一击必中，否则他们打败这女人的机会会很低。
The opponent's strength is likely to reach level six, and he is only level five, so he must hit with one blow, otherwise their chances of defeating this woman will be very low.
如果这时候佣兵们能赶来就好了，可惜现在不知道那些佣兵都跑哪儿去了。
It would be nice if the mercenaries could come at this time, but unfortunately I don't know where those mercenaries have gone.
也许其他寄生虫就是被佣兵挡住了？ Maybe the other parasites were just being stopped by the mercenaries?
女人展开手掌，“你拿着这枚虫卵，只要你用鲜血喂养，大约七天左右它就能孵化，孵化后它会成为你的臂助，同时也能成为你我通讯的联系虫。当我们寄生大量人类，就会让这只通讯虫通知你，然后你和你的族魔就能来吞噬人类的灵魂。你看，这种合作方法是不是非常简单，且对你们魔族极为有利？你们几乎不需要付出什么代价。”
The woman spread her palm, "You hold this egg, as long as you feed it with blood, it will hatch in about seven days, and after hatching, it will become your arm, and it can also become a contact worm for you and me." When we parasitize a large number of humans, we will let this communication worm notify you, and then you and your demons will come and devour the souls of humans. You see, isn't this method of cooperation very simple, and extremely beneficial to your demons? You have to pay almost nothing. ”
“用我的鲜血喂养，它不会寄生我吧？”雷木摆出了魔族的多疑。
"Feed it with my blood, it won't parasitize me, will it?" Lei Mu put on the suspicious attitude of the demons.
王叶已经接近女人身后，但就在这时，小光飞到他面前，看着外面的景象道：“咿咿！”
Wang Ye had already approached behind the woman, but at this moment, Xiaoguang flew in front of him, looked at the scene outside and said, "Babble! ”
王叶一愣：“你说你刚才感觉到了新虫母的气息？” Wang Ye was stunned: "You said you just felt the breath of the new worm mother?" ”
小光咿咿叫了一通，然后就跟闲聊结束一样飞走了。 Xiaoguang babbled, and then flew away as if the small talk was over.
王叶突然飞到雷木跟前，贴到他耳边说道：“我会出现，引诱它攻击我，在它攻击后，你立刻使用你最大的杀招。”
Wang Ye suddenly flew up to Lei Mu and said in his ear: "I will appear, lure it to attack me, and after it attacks, you immediately use your greatest killing move." ”
雷木眉眼一动，来不及询问，就见王叶突然在女人身边现身。
Lei Mu's eyebrows moved, and before he had time to ask, he saw Wang Ye suddenly appear beside the woman.
女人一看到王叶就感觉到了虫巢气息，它毫不犹豫地出手了。虫巢绝对不能落到非王虫以外的存在手上！
As soon as the woman saw Wang Ye, she felt the breath of the insect hive, and it did not hesitate to make a move. The hive must not fall into the hands of beings other than the king worm!
王叶身体被击中，整个人都飞了起来。 Wang Ye's body was hit, and the whole person flew up.
小叶子！雷木大吼：“雷击！” Small leaves! Lei Mu yelled: "Lightning strike! ”
“焚烧！” "Incinerate!"
“灭绝！” "Extinction!"
雷木一脸使用了三大杀招，整个洞穴中雷声阵阵，烈火熊熊。
Lei Mu used three major killing moves with a face, and the entire cave was full of thunder and fire.
女人似乎不能移动，只能坐在那里抵御雷木攻击。 The woman seemed unable to move, and could only sit there to fend off the Thunderwood attack.
王叶身体落入小岛周围水中，迅速沉没。 Wang Ye's body fell into the water around the island and quickly sank.
雷木不知道小叶子具体情况，但感知到他还活着，就一个劲攻打那疑似虫母的女人，完全不留力。
Lei Mu didn't know the specific situation of Xiao Yezi, but he sensed that he was still alive, so he attacked the woman who was suspected of being the mother of insects, and he didn't spare any effort at all.
王叶用因果循环护住自己，可他还是重伤了。玩家十级才相当于一级巅峰的他和六级的变异体实力相差太大。
Wang Ye used the cycle of cause and effect to protect himself, but he was still seriously injured. The player's strength is too different from the strength of the mutant at level six, which is equivalent to the peak of the first level.
如果不是他在最后关头扭曲虫巢空间，他又及时缩入虫巢中，他会伤得更重。
If he hadn't twisted the hive space at the last minute, and he retracted into the hive in time, he would have been hurt even more.
不过他拼着受伤也达到了他的目的。 However, he fought to get injured and achieved his goal.
那变异体欠下了他的因果。 The mutant owes him karma.
王叶打开因果卷，查看那变异体底细，发现对方确实如小光所说已经诞育了一只新虫母，它的一条因果线连接了那条新虫母。
Wang Ye opened the cause and effect scroll, checked the bottom of the mutant, and found that the other party had indeed given birth to a new insect mother as Xiaoguang said, and one of its causal lines connected the new insect mother.
再看这只虫母的说明，上面写着正在蜕变中。 Look at the description of this mother worm, it says that it is in the process of metamorphosis.
王叶知道虫母蜕变，他上辈子遇到过也听到过。 Wang Ye knew that the insect mother had transformed, and he had encountered and heard it in his previous life.
虫母蜕变就是年轻力壮的虫母在某些无奈状况下不得不提前诞育新虫母，明明应该等待死亡，或者把自己的躯体和精神力交给新虫母吸收，但尚且年轻力壮的虫母不甘心就这样死去，如果身边有庞大的能量可以吸收，那么它会尝试疯狂吸收这些能量，来试图蜕变。
The transformation of the insect mother is that the young and strong insect mother has to give birth to a new insect mother in advance in some helpless circumstances, obviously should wait for death, or give his body and mental power to the new insect mother to absorb, but the young and strong insect mother is not willing to die like this, if there is a huge amount of energy around him to absorb, then it will try to absorb these energies frantically, to try to transform.
如果蜕变成功，这只虫母就有可能转变为王虫，而且是极为强大的母王虫，天生具有号令其他寄生虫族的能力，更是虫皇的有力争夺者。
If the transformation is successful, this insect mother may be transformed into a king worm, and it is an extremely powerful mother king worm, born with the ability to command other parasitic insects, and is a strong contender for the insect emperor.
但虫母在蜕变成功前也是它最弱的时候，被称为蜕变衰弱期。
However, the mother worm is also the weakest time before it successfully transforms, which is called the decaying period.
王叶拼着受伤，就是他可以从因果卷上看出虫母什么时候进入最衰弱时刻。
Wang Ye was desperately injured, that is, he could tell from the cause and effect scroll when the worm mother entered the weakest moment.
他让雷木拼命攻击虫母，虫母就没有时间去吸收庞大能量，并不得不使用大量能量保护自身和反击。
He made Remu desperately attack the worm mother, and the worm mother did not have time to absorb the huge amount of energy, and had to use a lot of energy to protect herself and fight back.
因果卷上，代表虫母的头像颜色突然转淡。 On the cause and effect roll, the color of the avatar representing the insect mother suddenly faded.
就是现在！ Now is the time!
王叶冲了出去，同时施展自投罗网和纠缠不清，紧紧抓住虫母就往虫巢中拖拽。
Wang Ye rushed out, and at the same time cast his own net and entanglement, grabbed the mother worm tightly and dragged it into the nest.
怎么可能这么巧？这个人类小崽难道看出它正在衰弱期吗？
How could it be such a coincidence? Could this little human cub see that it was in its waning phase?
不可能！虫母发出尖啸，它和那魔族说了那么多合作的事，就是为了拖过衰弱期，甚至为了掩饰衰弱期，它还吸收了那么多它生出来的寄生虫，好施展咒术，没想到却貌似被那魔族和这拥有虫巢的家伙看了出来。
No way! The worm mother screamed, it said so many things about cooperation with the demon clan, just to drag it out of the weakening period, and even in order to cover up the weakening period, it also absorbed so many parasites it gave birth to, so that it could cast spells, but it didn't expect to be seen by the demon and the guy with the worm hive.
这一人一魔对寄生虫族知道太多，让他们活着危害太大，必须杀死他们，哪怕……同归于尽。
This person and demon know too much about the parasitic zerg, and it is too harmful to keep them alive, and they must be killed, even if it is ...... Fight like Kilkenny cats.
虫母使用咒术攻击王叶：“去死吧！” The worm mother used a spell to attack Wang Ye: "Go and die!" ”
可王叶偏偏不怕精神攻击，虫母对他的强力一击没有起到效果，反而被拖拽入虫巢。
But Wang Ye was not afraid of spiritual attacks, and the insect mother's powerful blow to him did not have an effect, but was dragged into the insect nest.
王叶一把虫母弄入虫巢，就冲上去对虫母使用冤冤相报。
Wang Ye put the insect mother into the insect nest, and rushed up to use revenge on the insect mother.
【冤冤相报】，拼命技能，受伤越重攻击力越强。 [Retribution], desperate skills, the heavier the injury, the stronger the attack.
虫母被攻击，下意识就使用咒术反击，但它的咒术落在王叶身上就跟水滴落入池塘。
When the insect mother was attacked, she subconsciously used a spell to fight back, but her spell fell on Wang Ye's body like a drop of water falling into the pond.
虫母及时转变攻击招数，那长得遮盖住它全身的长发猛地爆起，扎向王叶全身。
The insect mother changed her attack move in time, and the long hair that covered her whole body burst violently and pierced Wang Ye's whole body.
雷木在外面焦急等待，他想让王叶把他也收入虫巢空间，可王叶根本腾不出手来收他。而且收他也没多少用处，雷木刚才连续施放大招，现在就是强弩之末。
Lei Mu waited anxiously outside, he wanted Wang Ye to put him into the hive space, but Wang Ye couldn't spare his hand to collect him. And it's not much use to take him in, Lei Mu just made a series of big moves, and now it's the end of the strong crossbow.
“雷木！码头出事了！”连升的身影冒出来。 "Thunderwood! Something happened at the docks! Lian Sheng's figure came out.
连升知道这里，却不想来这里，因为这里有能吸收幽灵的虫母在，可这次情况万分紧急，辛加烈原本要一只幽灵虫来报信，但那只幽灵虫因为保护辛加烈被打伤，连升就自告奋勇过来报信。
Lian Sheng knew about this, but he didn't want to come here, because there was a worm mother who could absorb ghosts, but this time the situation was extremely urgent, Xin Jialie originally wanted a ghost insect to report the news, but the ghost insect was injured because of protecting Xin Jialie, and Lian Sheng volunteered to come over to report the news.
幸好他赶到的时候，那只虫母也消失了。连升感觉到那只虫母的力量消失，大喜过望，他虽然做好了消失准备，但可不想死在虫母的肚子里。
Luckily, when he arrived, the mother worm was gone. Lian Sheng felt that the power of the insect mother disappeared, and he was overjoyed, although he was ready to disappear, he didn't want to die in the belly of the insect mother.
“码头出了什么事？”雷木压住焦躁询问。 "What's going on at the docks?" Lei Mu suppressed his anxiety and asked.
连升快速道：“码头突然出现了一群佣兵，至少有三四十人。那些佣兵抢夺了另一艘海船，想要出海。辛加烈看出来那些佣兵被寄生了，就想阻止他们。但那些佣兵非常强，人数又多，辛加烈一个人根本无法阻止他们。辛加烈也怕那些佣兵变异体伤害到另一艘船上的普通岛民，只能退守。”
Lian Sheng said quickly: "A group of mercenaries suddenly appeared at the dock, at least thirty or forty people. The mercenaries snatched another ship and wanted to go to sea. Seeing that the mercenaries were parasitized, Singari tried to stop them. But those mercenaries were so strong and outnumbered that Singarel alone couldn't stop them. Singarel was also afraid that those mercenary mutants would hurt the ordinary islanders on the other ship, so he had no choice but to retreat. ”
“这么说，那些佣兵已经乘船离开？” "So, those mercenaries have already left by boat?"
“是，我来报信的时候，他们已经抢到了船只，并控制了船上的水手，现在应该已经出发了。我去寻找和通知其他佣兵，你快去码头，说不定还能阻止他们离开。”连升焦急道。
"Yes, when I came to report the news, they had already seized the ship and controlled the sailors on board, and should have set off by now. I'm going to look for and inform the other mercenaries that you should go to the docks and maybe stop them from leaving. Lian Sheng said anxiously.
雷木怎么可能离开情况不知的小叶子身边，再说他身上现在半点能量都挤不出来，但雷木小心惯了，哪怕面对连升也不会表现出他已经力竭，只道：“虽然不知道那艘海船的速度，但就算我现在赶过去，恐怕也来不及了。而且我一个人怎么可能阻止那么多佣兵？”
How could Lei Mu leave Xiao Yezi, who didn't know the situation, and besides, he couldn't squeeze out any energy from his body now, but Lei Mu was used to being careful, even in the face of Lian Sheng, he would not show that he was exhausted, and only said: "Although I don't know the speed of that sea ship, even if I rush over now, I'm afraid it's too late." And how could I alone stop so many mercenaries? ”
“我去寻找其他佣兵帮忙。” "I'm going to get the other mercenaries to help."
“那些被寄生的佣兵中有分站长吗？” "Are there any stationmasters among the parasitic mercenaries?"
“没有。” "Nope."
“那就找到他，让他把消息传回佣兵公会。他们一定有方法及时联系外面，让外面派人阻截。我这边还有虫母要对付，等我这边结束，我会尽快赶过去。”
“好吧，你这边也要小心，那虫母可不好对付。”连升也知道这才是最好的方法，立刻就去找分站长去了。
时间一点一滴往前流淌，雷木再急也没用，只能疯狂吸收魔种的能量来补充自己。
砰！有什么东西落在了小岛上。
是小叶子。
雷木立刻扑了过去。
王叶趴在地上睁开眼，简单说明道：“我需要能量，这里有。那只虫母在跟我争夺虫巢的控制权。不要移动我。”
雷木守在王叶身边，坚定地道：“你安心吸收能量，我会保护你。”
第94章 啃虫母
王叶刚落到小岛上，游戏系统就提示他：【溶洞群探索100%。】
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王越级完成囚犯岛地下溶洞群任务链之一“地下溶洞群探索任务”。探索程度达到百分百，特此奖励五千点经验值。】
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到60279点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到十一级。】
这是个绝好消息，王叶精神一振。
这次升级对于现在的他来说真的来得太及时！
他的虫巢空间此时简直惨不忍睹。
他没有把雷木收进虫巢，也是因为现在虫巢里面比外面更危险。
他费尽心思建造出来的二层小楼像是被巨大的铁扒犁扒过，屋顶都没了，四面墙壁只剩下一面半勉强撑着，屋里许多从地球买来的东西都损毁了。
The small two-story building he had painstakingly built seemed to have been swept over by a huge iron plow, the roof was gone, and only one and a half of the four walls were barely supported, and many of the things he had bought from the earth in the house were destroyed.
虫巢周边的围墙更是倒塌大半，剩下的也满是裂纹。 Most of the walls around the hive have collapsed, and the rest are full of cracks.
再看种植区的旷野也像是经历过地震，到处都是裂口。 Looking at the wilderness of the growing area, it is also like having experienced an earthquake, and there are rifts everywhere.
目前唯二还保持原样的，一个是钟乳石洞，那里有远古巨兽的能量保护。还有一个是浮游光虫的金巢。虫母没动这个金巢，大概以为这是他抓来的寄生虫族？
The only two that remain unchanged are the stalactite caves, where the energy of ancient behemoths is protected. There is also a golden nest of planktonic light insects. The mother worm didn't touch this golden nest, probably thinking that it was a parasitic zerg he caught?
王叶都顾不上心疼，那虫母真的太厉害了，哪怕是衰弱期，也强得让他无法应付。
Wang Ye couldn't even care about being distressed, that worm mother was really too powerful, even if it was a weak period, it was so strong that he couldn't cope with it.
那只替补王虫比起这个虫母真的是好对付多了，可能也因为替补王虫用的是辛加烈的身体，而辛加烈原本只是一个普通人，一人一虫融合后替补王虫的等级也没有提高多少。
The substitute king worm is really much easier to deal with than this worm mother, and it may be because the substitute king worm uses Xin Jialie's body, and Xin Jialie was originally just an ordinary person, and the level of the substitute king worm has not increased much after the fusion of one person and one worm.
但这只虫母大概很多年以前就寄生了这个女体，躲在暗中不知修炼了多少年。且这个寄生体应该本来就是巫女一类，咒术强大，身体也经过异常培养，被虫母寄生后，更融合出了强大的体魄。
But this insect mother parasitized this female body probably many years ago, and she hid in the dark for I don't know how many years she had been cultivating. And this parasite should have been a witch like that, with powerful spells, and its body has also been abnormally cultivated, and after being parasitized by the worm mother, it has fused into a powerful body.
王叶都不明白这么强大的虫母为什么要被迫诞生新虫母？
Wang Ye didn't understand why such a powerful insect mother was forced to give birth to a new insect mother?
这是个谜，暂时放到一边。 It's a mystery, put aside for now.
王叶把重心放到了升级上。 Wang Ye focused on upgrading.
每次升级，他的身体都会像是被重新洗练一遍，精神力和其他身体属性点都会略微增加一点点。
Every time he leveled up, his body would seem to be refreshed, and his mental power and other physical attribute points would increase slightly.
玩家为什么那么想要升级？就是为了这个好处。 Why do players want to level up so much? It's for this benefit.
而他把实体带入游戏，现在增加的不仅仅是精神力值，其他属性也有加点，不多，但积少成多，也是改变体质的一个方式。
And he brought the entity into the game, and now it is not only the mental power value that is increased, but also the other attributes are also added, not much, but the accumulation of small amounts is also a way to change the physique.
其实游戏也不是白给属性点，一般来说，一名玩家能积累大量经验值到升级的程度，那么他肯定劳心劳体付出了不小的代价，这就相当于一个锻炼玩家的过程。最后升级给出的属性加点，更像是经过一段时间锻炼后，身体素质的自然提升结果。
In fact, the game is not for nothing to give attribute points, generally speaking, a player can accumulate a lot of experience points to the extent of upgrading, then he must have paid a lot of price for his hard work, which is equivalent to a process of exercising the player. The attribute points given by the final upgrade are more like the natural improvement of physical fitness after a period of exercise.
除此之外，就是玩家如果处在受伤状态，升级的话会一定程度修复伤势，虽然这个游戏非常吝啬，不会完全修复好玩家伤势，但会把玩家从濒死状态拉到重伤状态。
In addition, if the player is in an injured state, the upgrade will repair the injury to a certain extent, although this game is very stingy and will not completely repair the player's injury, but it will pull the player from a near-death state to a serious injury state.
而这恰是王叶现在最需要的！ And this is exactly what Wang Ye needs most now!
他借这次升级从死亡边沿爬了回来。 He used this upgrade to crawl back from the edge of death.
伤势稍微恢复，他就可以减少使用生生不息来治疗自己，减少使用治疗，他就可以把更多的力量分在和虫母夺取虫巢和吸收小岛的能量上。而夺取更多能量，他就可以分出更多因果之力治疗自己。
With a slight recovery from his injuries, he can use less life to heal himself, and less use of healing, and more power can be divided between taking the hive with the mother worm and absorbing the energy of the island. And by seizing more energy, he can divide more causal power to heal himself.
如此，就能形成良性循环。 In this way, a virtuous circle can be formed.
更何况他的精神力值也又增加了0.1%，这数字看起来很小，但他的精神力值基数大啊，每次增加一点，他的精神力值就和普通玩家之间的差距越拉越大。
What's more, his mental power has also increased by 0.1%, which seems to be a small number, but his mental power base is large, and every time he increases a little, the gap between his mental power and ordinary players is getting bigger and bigger.
王叶忽然发现他的精神力似乎和小岛散发出来的能量相当契合。
Wang Ye suddenly found that his spiritual power seemed to be quite in line with the energy emanating from Xiao Dao.
他使用远古巨兽馈赠给他的精神力量越多，他吸收小岛能量的速度就越快。
The more he used the spiritual power bestowed upon him by the Ancient Behemoth, the faster he absorbed the island's energy.
到后来，已经不是他在吸收能量，而是小岛能量在拼命往他嘴里狂塞，吃不下也要硬往里塞。
Later, it was no longer that he was absorbing energy, but that Kojima energy was desperately stuffing it into his mouth, and he had to stuff it hard if he couldn't eat it.
王叶痛苦极了，只能不断把吃进来的能量转化到虫巢中，再让虫巢利用这股能量去吸收虫母。
Wang Ye was extremely painful, so he could only continue to convert the energy he ate into the insect hive, and then let the insect hive use this energy to absorb the insect mother.
可虫巢又要转化小岛的能量，又要吸收虫母的能量，根本忙不过来。
But the insect hive has to transform the energy of the island and absorb the energy of the insect mother, so it can't be busy at all.
渐渐的，作为种植区的旷野中长出了一座小山。 Gradually, a hill grew in the wilderness that was used as a growing area.
小山长势缓慢，但确实在增长。 The hill grows slowly, but it does grow.
虫巢内，那只虫母变异体已经从大肚女人模样变成了一只巨大的地毯虫。
Inside the hive, the mother mutant had changed from a pot-bellied woman to a giant carpet worm.
虫子巨大的身体平铺在地上，无数毛根刺入虫巢地面。 The huge body of the insect lay flat on the ground, and countless hairy roots pierced into the ground of the insect nest.
虫母要气疯了，它的蜕变过程被硬生生打断，没有了能量来源，它就无法再继续蜕变。
The mother worm is going crazy, its metamorphosis process is interrupted, and without the energy source, it can no longer continue to metamorphose.
偏偏这个虫巢的主人还利用虫巢对虫族的特性来绑缚它、还妄想吸收它。
无奈之下，它只能先跟这个人类小崽争抢虫巢的控制权。
可不知道是不是一开始它想吸收这个虫巢来弥补自己损失的能量，它向虫巢发出命令，结果只是半生物的虫巢竟然本能地抗拒它。
它可是虫母，王虫和虫巢的母亲！
这个虫巢明明是它生的，现在却敢不听它的话。
虫母发誓一定要把这个虫巢掠夺过来。 Mother Worm vows to plunder the hive.
可是这个虫巢已经和那个人类小崽的精神力彻底融合，那小崽又得到了那只远古巨兽的精神力馈赠，它虽然等级比人类小崽和虫巢的等级都高得多，精神力却无法和其抵抗。
However, this hive has been completely fused with the spiritual power of the human cub, and the cub has been gifted with the spiritual power of the ancient giant beast, although its level is much higher than that of the human cub and the hive, but the spiritual power cannot resist it.
虫母放弃了用精神力攻击虫巢和王叶，它改为用本身的能量去攻击虫巢。
The mother worm gave up attacking the hive and the king leaf with her spiritual power, and instead used her own energy to attack the hive.
攻击虫巢就相当于在攻击王叶，既然不能“说服”，那就只能打服了。
Attacking the insect nest is equivalent to attacking Wang Ye, since you can't "convince", you can only be convinced.
虫母不使用精神力，反而使用蛮力来破坏虫巢，还调动所有精神力保护自己的精神核，倒是掐住了王叶的弱点。
The insect mother did not use spiritual power, but used brute force to destroy the insect nest, and also mobilized all spiritual power to protect her spiritual core, but pinched Wang Ye's weakness.
王叶不怕诅咒、不怕诱惑，不怕任何精神类攻击，却对这种暴力的物理攻击手段无可奈何。
Wang Ye was not afraid of curses, temptations, or any spiritual attacks, but he was helpless against this violent physical attack.
王叶为了救回虫巢和他自己，只能拼命吸收外界能量来加固虫巢和他自己。
In order to save the hive and himself, Wang Ye could only desperately absorb external energy to strengthen the hive and himself.
我打不过你，我就不和你打，我就拼命增加龟壳……虫巢厚度。
I can't beat you, I won't fight you, I'll desperately increase the turtle shell...... Hive thickness.
你想通过虫巢伤害我，但如果你连虫巢都打不穿，也无法离开呢？
You want to hurt me through the hive, but what if you can't even break through the hive and can't leave?
虫母看到了那座小山，它也感觉到了那股磅礴的让它眼馋无比的能量，那座小岛的能量它吸收了那么久，可那小岛因为是远古巨兽的心脏化成，十分排斥它们寄生虫族。
The mother worm saw the hill, and it also felt the majestic energy that made it greedy, the energy of that island it had absorbed for so long, but because the island was formed by the heart of an ancient giant beast, it was very repulsive to their parasitic insects.
这么多年下来，一代又一代虫母占据这颗心脏，想要吸收它，可至今为止吸收的都只是皮毛。
Over the years, generations of worm mothers have occupied this heart, trying to absorb it, but so far all they have absorbed is the skin.
可现在，那让多少代虫母都想得到的巨大能量就这么出现在这个虫巢中，化为了这个虫巢的一部分。
But now, the huge energy that has been imagined by many generations of insect mothers has appeared in this hive and turned into a part of this hive.
虫母看得眼睛都要滴血！ The mother worm has blood in her eyes!
可它也只能看着，那座小山被充斥在虫巢中的庞大精神力给包裹住了，那里的能量它半点吸收不到。
But it could only watch, the hill was wrapped in the huge spiritual power that filled the hive, and it couldn't absorb the energy there at all.
更可恨的是，因为这股磅礴能量的加入，虫巢变得越来越坚固。
What's even more hateful is that because of the addition of this majestic energy, the hive is getting stronger and stronger.
虫母无法策反虫巢，也无法控制虫巢，现在就连摧毁它都要做不到了。
Mother worms can't control the hive, and they can't even destroy it.
虫母又开始试图吸收虫巢的能量。 The mother worm began to try to absorb the energy of the nest again.
这点似乎惹怒了虫巢，也惹怒了浮游光虫群。 This seems to have angered the hive, as well as the planktonic light swarm.
小光：“咿咿咿！”你摧毁和吸收虫巢，我们怎么办？我们好不容易进入了虫巢，还在虫巢里有了一个固定地盘，就算你是虫母，也不能一来就拆掉我们的家！
Xiaoguang: "Babble! "You destroy and absorb the hive, what are we going to do? We finally entered the hive, and we also have a fixed site in the hive, even if you are the mother worm, you can't tear down our home as soon as you come!
虫母接受到小光的质问，非常不高兴地呵斥：“放肆！”
The insect mother received Xiaoguang's questioning and scolded very unhappily: "Presumptuous! ”
这些低等虫是怎么回事？ What's going on with these lower worms?
它可是虫母，这只最低等的浮游光虫母虫竟然敢质问它？谁给它的胆子？
It's a mother worm, and this lowliestly planktonic light insect mother dares to question it? Who gave it the guts?
正好它需要能量补充身体，你们这些低等虫就过来献身吧。
It just so happens that it needs energy to replenish its body, so you low-level worms should come and dedicate yourself.
虫母强行召唤小光和它的浮游光虫群。 Mother Worm forcibly summons Light and its swarm of floating light insects.
浮游光虫群一阵大乱，但它们现在的直接主人是王叶，虫母的精神力虽然能影响它们，却无法立刻让它们听令。
The floating light insect swarm was in chaos for a while, but their current direct owner was Wang Ye, and although the spiritual power of the insect mother could affect them, it could not make them obey the order immediately.
浮游光虫群围住了小光，让它拿主意。 The swarm of planktonic light insects surrounded Xiaoguang and asked him to take the idea.
小光愤怒：“咿咿咿！”献身？我和我的族群好不容易才活下来，结果你竟然让我们给你献身？就算你是虫母，你也不能这么做！再说，我已经不是你的族群的虫了，我的主人是这个虫巢的王！你没资格强行召唤我！
Xiaoguang was furious: "Babble! "Dedicated? My people and I managed to survive, and you made us die for you? Even if you're a worm mother, you can't do that! Besides, I'm no longer a worm of your race, my master is the king of this hive! You don't have the right to forcibly summon me!
“叛徒！虫族耻辱，过来受死，向我贡献你们最后的价值。”虫母大怒，分出精神力强行召唤小光和它的族群。
"Traitor! Shame on the Zerg, come and die, and offer me your last worth. The worm mother was furious, and used her spiritual power to forcibly summon Xiaoguang and her clan.
王叶和小光精神相连，自然发现了它那里的危情，就在这一刻，王叶脑中冒出了一个胆大无比的主意。
Wang Ye and Xiaoguang were spiritually connected, and naturally discovered the danger there, and at this moment, a bold idea popped up in Wang Ye's mind.
不是让浮游光虫群攻击虫母，那没用，凭白牺牲。 It's not to let the planktonic light insect swarm attack the insect mother, it's useless, sacrifice in vain.
“小光，我把我的精神体转到你身上，你不要怕，就假装被虫母召唤成功，飞到它身边，如果它要吞噬你，你也不要抗拒。你放心，我会保住你，绝不会让你受到伤害。”
"Xiaoguang, I will transfer my spirit body to you, don't be afraid, just pretend to be successfully summoned by the worm mother, fly to its side, if it wants to devour you, you don't have to resist. Rest assured, I will protect you and will never let you be harmed. ”
“咿！” "Bah!"
“我以我的生命和灵魂发誓，如果这次偷袭我无法保住你，你死我也死！”王叶发狠。
"I swear with my life and soul, if I can't save you from this sneak attack, you will die and I will die!" Wang Ye was ruthless.
小光终于答应冒险。它不答应也不行，王叶是它的主人，完全可以强制命令它，但王叶没有，还和它有商有量。最主要的是王叶出事，它也无法活下去。
Hikari finally agrees to take the risk. It can't do if it doesn't agree, Wang Ye is its master, and it can be forced to order it, but Wang Ye doesn't, and he still has a discussion with it. The most important thing is that Wang Ye has an accident, and it can't survive.
咿！拼了！ Creak! Fight!
王叶也拼了。 Wang Ye also spelled.
雷木就看到趴在小岛上的王叶气息忽然变得很轻，两人灵魂相连，雷木感觉到王叶的灵魂像是离开了他身体一样。
Lei Mu saw that Wang Ye's breath on the island suddenly became very light, and the two souls were connected, and Lei Mu felt that Wang Ye's soul seemed to have left his body.
出什么事了？ What's wrong?
还是这小家伙想干什么？ Or what does this little guy want to do?
之前明明看起来很顺利，小岛面积越来越小，这说明王叶正在疯狂吸收小岛的能量。
It seemed to be going well before, but the area of the island was getting smaller and smaller, which showed that Wang Ye was frantically absorbing the energy of the island.
现在小岛只剩下三十平米不到的范围，谁想这时候王小叶会突然出事。
Now that there is only less than thirty square meters left on the island, who would have thought that Wang Xiaoye would suddenly have an accident at this time.
雷木苦于无法帮忙，又无法询问，只能守在一边干焦急。
Lei Mu couldn't help, and he couldn't ask, so he could only stay on the side and be anxious.
虫巢内，小光和浮游光虫群像是抵抗不了虫母的召唤，被迫飞到了它身边。
Inside the hive, the small light and the floating light insect swarm seemed to be unable to resist the call of the insect mother, and were forced to fly to its side.
虫母长满利齿的巨大嘴巴一张一吸，小光和它的族群就一起飞入了虫母的嘴巴。
The mother worm's huge mouth full of sharp teeth sucked it one by one, and Xiaoguang and her group flew into the mother worm's mouth together.
虫母不但吃了浮游光虫群，它还要直接吸收这些低等虫的精神体弥补自己。
The mother worm not only eats the planktonic light insect swarm, but also directly absorbs the spirit body of these lower insects to make up for itself.
一道精神体顺从地被虫母吸收。 A spirit body was obediently absorbed by the worm mother.
唰！雷木身边出现了一群亮闪闪的浮游光虫。 Swish! A swarm of shiny planktonic light worms appeared around Lei Mu.
小光飞到雷木头顶落下，吓得咿咿叫。好险好险，还以为死定了！
Xiaoguang flew to the top of Lei Mu's head and fell, babbling in fright. It's so dangerous, I thought I was dead!
雷木看到浮游光虫群都从虫巢出来了，更为担心王叶。 Lei Mu saw that the swarm of planktonic light insects had come out of the hive, and he was even more worried about Wang Ye.
为什么我会这么弱？ Why am I so weak?
为什么我连那么小的小叶子都无法保护，还要让小叶子反过来保护我？
Why can't I even protect such a small leaf, and let the little leaf protect me in turn?
明明我才是那个成年人！我才应该是那个保护者！ I'm the adult! I'm supposed to be the protector!
力量，我需要力量！ Strength, I need strength!
魔种也好，精灵血脉也好，人族也好，把你们的力量都给我！
Whether it's a demon seed, an elven bloodline, or a human race, give me all your power!
轰！雷木整个人都被一股黑色的火焰包围。 Rumble! Lei Mu's entire body was surrounded by a black flame.
小光吓得带着浮游光虫群瞬间飞出老远。 Xiaoguang was so frightened that he flew out of the distance with a swarm of floating light insects in an instant.
“咿咿！”都疯了，吓死虫了。 "Babble!" It's all crazy, scared the worm to death.
小光等了又等，发现雷木身上的黑色火焰一直没有消失，而且那黑色火焰还越来越浓厚，把他整个人都笼罩在其中，几乎看不清雷木身影。
Xiaoguang waited and waited, and found that the black flame on Lei Mu's body had not disappeared, and the black flame was getting thicker and thicker, enveloping his whole person in it, and he could barely see Lei Mu's figure.
而它的主人王叶则趴在地上像死了一样。 And its owner, Wang Ye, lay on the ground as if dead.
当然他没有死，如果他死了，它也会跟着死掉。 Of course he didn't die, and if he did, it would die with him.
也不知过了多久，小光无聊了，就把族群派出去了一半，让它们自己出去觅食，剩下的一半则守着两人。
I don't know how long it took, Xiaoguang got bored, so he sent half of the tribe out and let them go out to forage for food by themselves, and the remaining half guarded the two of them.
囚犯岛背面，海浪哗哗地拍打在岩石上。 On the back side of the Prisoner's Island, the waves crashed against the rocks.
一艘四人乘坐的小型船只从崖底洞穴中划出。 A small four-passenger boat rowed out of a cave at the bottom of the cliff.
船上坐着一个大约三四岁大的孩子和一个二十出头的年轻女人。
On the boat sat a child about three or four years old and a young woman in her early twenties.
女人紧紧抱着小男孩，低喃：“别怕，我们就要离开了，我带你去找你父亲，他还不知道自己已经有了后人，他看到你一定很高兴，你长得真的很像他。”
The woman hugged the little boy tightly and whispered: "Don't be afraid, we are leaving, I will take you to your father, he does not know that he already has a descendant, he must be happy to see you, you really look like him." ”
男孩依偎着女人，像是吓傻了，又像是不想说话。 The boy snuggled up to the woman, as if he was scared, and as if he didn't want to speak.
女人怜爱地亲吻儿子的额头，她终于凭借她和自己骨肉之间的血脉感应找到了她的儿子。
The woman kissed her son on the forehead lovingly, and she finally found her son by the sense of blood between her and her own flesh and blood.
她就知道她的孩子还活着，他果然还活着。
虽然他像是吓坏了，但孩子本能地亲近她这个母亲，更从坏人那里离开，偷偷跑向她。
她不敢惊动那些人，一直抱着孩子藏在黑暗中，直到那些人全部离开。
她也不敢走码头那边，她怕被人检查和拦截。
后来还是小孩为她指出一条路，还带着她找到了这条藏起来的小船。
小船上甚至还有已经准备好的淡水和食物。
虽然母子两人乘坐这样的小船进入大海太危险，但留在岛上更危险。
女人放开男孩，让他坐好，她拿起船桨开始用力划动。
正好开始退潮，小船随着潮水的力量，距离囚犯岛越来越远。
女人回头看看囚犯岛，再看看乖巧坐在船舱中的儿子，脸上露出了温柔又坚强的笑容。
她知道寄生虫族，毕竟她也被寄生过，还好运地被人救下了。
她也知道带着她儿子的那群人有问题。
那么她儿子呢？是否也有问题？
他是不是已经被寄生？
现在的他还是不是他？
女人不敢求证，也不愿求证。
当这个孩子张口叫她母亲时，当她感觉到她和这个孩子之间的血脉联系后，她就决定无论如何都要保护这个孩子。
她的孩子已经失踪快三年，如果被寄生，那是怎么也不可能救回来的了。
如果她把这个孩子交出去，那最后结果就是虫子和她的孩子一起死掉。
她带走孩子，至少还有一个希望。
也许她的孩子还在这具身体中。
而且他叫她母亲，他一眼就认出了她……
男孩看了看流着眼泪的女人，转头，对着囚犯岛笑了笑，还摆了摆小手，像是在说：再见！
我的母亲，你说得对，没用的族虫就应该放弃，以前我的三个哥哥都没用了，所以它们都被吃掉或放弃了，现在你也没用了，就请你留在这座岛上为我们吸引敌人吧。如果有一天你能蜕变为母王虫，欢迎你来找我，儿子等着你。
虫母在这一刻像是有所感觉，猛地抬头看向男孩离去的方向。
就是这么一刹那的精神松懈，有什么尖锐的东西刺入了它的精神核，还是活的！
“啊啊啊——！”虫母发出极为刺耳的惨叫。
那东西在啃咬它的精神核。
出去！给我滚出去！虫母在虫巢里疼得翻滚起来。
王叶怎么可能出去，他好不容易才溜进来。
这六级虫母的精神防守也异常强大，他见溜不进来，正准备强攻，谁想到就在刚才虫母的精神防护突然出现一刹那的松懈，它像是受到了什么强烈打击。
王叶就趁虚而入了。
感谢远古巨兽赠送给他的精神力量，如果没有这股力量帮忙，他进来也只有给虫母吞噬吸收的份。
但现在，轮到他把虫母当养料了。
咔叽，咔叽。这只虫母的精神核啃起来的味道有点像还没有煮烂的蹄髈，非常有咬劲。
第95章 十五级
连升费了一番周折终于找到符永带领的那批佣兵。
这群佣兵正在地下溶洞群中打转。
打转前，一半佣兵想要回转，一半佣兵坚持要完成任务。
符永这次任务出了岔子，但他能坐到分站长的位置，也是个有责任心和有能力的人，在他真实感受到寄生虫族的厉害和危害后，他表示无论如何都要找到虫母和寄生虫族，哪怕不能消灭它们，也要尽量摸清它们的底细，这样他们才能针对性地传递消息回去，让更多人来灭除这些寄生虫。
符永表示，不想继续任务的佣兵可以放弃，不会有任何人责怪其。
他还请先离去的人把消息传回任一佣兵公会站点，以防留下的人有什么不测。
但佣兵们经过商量，觉得这时候分兵并不是什么明智的事，决定都还是暂且跟着符永。
那几个受伤的人，尤其是身上长出奇怪鼓包的人，为了尽量减低危险，佣兵们把他们留在了一个洞穴中，说好回来接他们。
那几人觉得自己被放弃了，脸上都出现了灰暗的死气。
连升是先找到这几个人，通过这几个人才知道佣兵们前进的方向。
但黑暗的溶洞群如果没有一个熟悉地形的人带路真的太容易让人迷失，不过值得庆幸的是，这些佣兵一路上没有再碰到难缠的敌手。
有时候发现像是强者的生物，但那些生物见他们人多就先避开了，符永也没让佣兵们去追。
在乱走中，符永和永兵们还发现了一个有着不少虫卵的洞穴。
虫卵寄生在人体上，那些人几乎都被吸成了干尸，只身体表面长出许多鼓包。
很多鼓包都破开了，里面的虫子已经不知去向。 Many of the bulges had been torn open, and the bugs inside had disappeared.
还有些没有孵化的虫卵在鼓包中缓缓起伏游动，更多的是一些干瘪的没有孵化的虫卵。
There are also some unhatched eggs that swim slowly in the bulge, and more are some shriveled eggs that have not hatched.
佣兵们看到这熟悉的一幕，有人当场就吐了出来。 When the mercenaries saw this familiar scene, some of them vomited on the spot.
符永当即点火，把整个洞穴的尸体连同虫卵全都烧了。 Fu Yong immediately lit a fire, burning the entire cavern corpses and insect eggs.
“那几个人怎么办？”有佣兵担心地问。 "What about those people?" A mercenary asked worriedly.
“等回去再处理吧。我们已经走这么远了，回头也不适合。”符永咬牙道。
"I'll deal with it when I get back. We've come so far, and it's not fitting to turn back. Fu Yong gritted his teeth and said.
“你们说，我们身上有没有被寄生虫卵？”又有一名佣兵不安地问道。
"Do you say, do we have parasite eggs on us?" Another mercenary asked uneasily.
佣兵们脸色都极为不好看，他们都喜欢大开大合地跟人干架，或者进入哪个险地抓捕杀死魔兽也行，像这种诡虞风，防不胜防的任务，他们都感到极为棘手。
The mercenaries' faces are extremely unsightly, they all like to fight with people in a wide open and closed way, or enter any dangerous place to capture and kill the monster, like this kind of treacherous wind, unguardable tasks, they all feel extremely tricky.
符永环视众佣兵神情，暗中叹气。佣兵们良莠不齐，虽然有那极为优秀的，但大多数当佣兵的都是为了混碗饭吃。
Fu Yong looked around at the mercenaries and sighed secretly. The mercenaries are mixed, although there are extremely good ones, but most of the mercenaries are for mixed rice.
其实大家能坚持到现在，没有一哄而散，已经出乎符永预料。
In fact, everyone has been able to persist until now, and they have not dispersed in a hurry, which has been beyond Fu Yong's expectations.
佣兵们可是最散漫的，虽说大家加入佣兵公会时都说会以完成任务为首要荣耀，但跟自己的性命比起来，荣耀算个屁。
Mercenaries are the most casual, although everyone said that when they joined the mercenary guild, they would take the completion of the task as the primary glory, but compared to their own lives, the glory is a fart.
佣兵们的传说很多，但就跟英雄传说一样，这世间这么多人，能成为被传说的英雄的才有几个？
绝大多数佣兵更适应给商队给外出的人做保镖、到某个地方寻找某个物品或某个人、给人当打手、或者到处跑寻找各种资源贩卖，要么就是去一些险地捡捡漏。
像是帮某个势力打仗、为某个势力出谋划策、或做一些非常危险的探险任务的，大多都是六级以上的佣兵或佣兵团队。
符永心里满是苦涩，这次任务失利最大的责任人是他。
是他没有真正重视草木皆兵佣兵队提供的情报，只看那雷木至少五级的实力，却来向佣兵公会求助，并不惜暴露出一个大金矿给他们，他就应该想到这些寄生虫族有多么不好对付。
他不应该随便找一些三四级的佣兵过来，他就应该把这个消息通知公会上层，再在整个佣兵公会都发布任务，招募五级以上精良佣兵团队来囚犯岛做任务。
不，他应该在招募前，先来好好调查一番，而不是只把眼睛珠子落在金矿上。
但现在不管他怎么后悔都没用了，事情已经发生，他现在要做的就是仔细调查清楚，把寄生虫族的事快速汇报上去。
还好他随身带了魔信盒，等会儿如果遇到危险，他就把这里的消息传出去。
但在这之前，他还需要调查和掌握更多一些有关寄生虫族的信息。
“找到你们了！”昏暗中，一道声音冷不丁响起，把所有佣兵都吓了一大跳。
经过一番慌乱和解释，佣兵们终于搞清楚幽灵连升的来历和来意。
有连升带路，符永和佣兵们总算离开了溶洞群，回到了地面。
符永还想继续探查溶洞群，但连升告诉他们岛上面的活人更重要，反正溶洞群就在这里，想调查随时都可以下来。
符永一想也是，再看那些佣兵像是逃出生天的神情，就知道想要继续探查任务基本不可能了，他如果提出，这些佣兵就敢丢下他走人。
那几名受伤的佣兵也被符永带出去了。
连升告诉他们，也许有人有办法救他们，但现在那两人正在全力对付虫母，暂时腾不出手。
符永一听有人找到了虫母，就要去帮忙。
“他们希望你们把消息传递到佣兵公会上层，想办法在海中拦截那艘船。至于虫母……”连升看过众佣兵，当着他们的面，摇摇头：“你们不行。过去不但帮不到他们，说不定还会给他们添乱。”
符永羞愧无比。
“我们先去码头吧。”连升更在乎岛民们，“如果那边没事，符永站长再去支援草木皆兵佣兵队。”
“好。”符永一口答应。
之后他们又马不停蹄地跑到码头。
那里只剩下一艘船，船上都是岛民。
另一艘船已经扬帆离去，船影都看不到了。
辛加烈下船和符永说话。
符永听说船上的岛民都没事，吐了口气。
如果这次岛民也出事，他这个分站长职位肯定要保不住了。至于金矿的开采权什么的，他也不指望握在手里了，现在他就希望把这个金矿交上去，上面能对他的玩忽职守从轻发落。
辛加烈提醒符永：“符站长有办法快速传递消息给你们公会吗？那艘船已经走了快一个小时，从这边到达海草岛只需要半天。如果不能及时把那艘船在海上拦截下来，一旦让那些变异体登陆……”
“对！要拦截那艘船。”符永手忙脚乱地从储物腰带中拿出一个巴掌大的小盒子，又拿出纸笔。
笔是魔法笔，可直接在纸上写字。
符永在纸上快速写了几段话，把信纸对折后放入那个小盒子，又在盒盖上一个凹槽里放入一枚三级魔晶。
辛加烈比较有见识，认出那是魔法信件传送盒。这边写完盖上盒盖，另一头拥有相同盒子的人就能立即收到信件。
这种传送盒价格极为昂贵，分一对一、一对多、多对多三种。
常见的都是一对一的魔信盒。
另外两种则比较少见，尤其多对多的魔信盒据说制作极为困难，价格非一般人不可承受。
符永作为分站长，有一个公会配给的一对一魔信盒。
他这个魔信盒可以直接传递消息给角戈群岛佣兵公会分会的分会长。
符永给上面传完消息，就要连升带路，说是要去帮助草木皆兵小队。
连升就只能顶着大太阳来回跑，只当自己是最后为这座岛做些什么。
洞底，噗通一声，王叶落入水中。
小岛消失了，消失得干干净净，连一粒土都没有留下。
王叶被呛醒过来。
被黑色火焰包围的雷木同样落入水中，在听到王叶咳呛的瞬间，雷木身上的火焰就全部收起，并睁开眼睛。
雷木迅速划动四肢来到王叶身边，伸手把他从水里捞出来。
“咿咿！”小光带着浮游光虫飞过来，围绕在两人头顶。
【玩家隔壁小王越级完成囚犯岛地下溶洞群任务链之一“寻找虫卵药丸的来源，摧毁源头”。源头虫母已死，但新王虫和新虫母逃脱，任务完成度只有80%，根据完成度，奖励四万点经验值。】
【玩家隔壁小王越级完成囚犯岛地下溶洞群任务链之一“调查远古巨兽的死因，让其灵魂安息”。该任务完成度达到百分百，特此奖励八千点经验值。】
【连带任务：远古巨兽的灵魂委托玩家隔壁小王把它的一只角交给王，并预先付出了丰厚报酬，请玩家履行承诺，务必完成该任务。任务无期限，完成后，奖励一万点经验值。请注意，此任务如不能完成，玩家无法超越最高等级。】
王叶意识还不太清醒：嗯？无法超越最高等级，这是什么意思？难道九十九级以上还有更高的等级？
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到108279点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到十五级。】
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，成为游戏开服以来第一个达到十五级的玩家，请问是否全世界公告？】
“不。”王叶下意识拒绝。
【玩家隔壁小王达到十五级，已经拥有可以初步探索这个世界的能力，欢迎隔壁小王前往双月星其他地方游历。离开新手村方式多样，玩家可自行探索离开途径。】
【玩家达到十五级，副本任务开启，详情请查看副本任务介绍……】
王叶还在迷糊着。
而游戏论坛那边已经爆炸了！ And the game forums have exploded!
“我看到他从十级升到十一级，然后又看到他陡然跳到十五级……啊啊啊！为什么他能这么快升级？那个隔壁小王到底是怎么做任务的？”
如此大叫的人绝不止一个。 There is more than one person who screams like this.
无数人在同时发帖，论坛上到处都是隔壁小王的名字。 Countless people were posting at the same time, and the forum was full of the name of Xiao Wang next door.
因为出现太多，导致有些玩家对这个名字都要生理性厌恶了。
Because there are so many occurrences, some players have a physiological aversion to the name.
其实现在就有不少玩家看这个名字非常不顺眼。羡慕妒忌恨？那当然都有了。
In fact, there are many players who look at this name very unpleasantly. Envy, jealousy, hatred? Of course, there were.
“就没有一个人认识隔壁小王吗？” "Isn't there anyone who knows Xiao Wang next door?"
“他到底在哪个新手村？” "Which novice village is he in?"
“不是有个叫‘找找看那个小王在不在我们村’的精华帖吗？好像到现在为止都没有一个新手村发现他，那帖子上已经出现不下两千个新手村了。”
"Isn't there a highlight post called 'Find out if that little king is in our village'? It seems that none of the novice villages have discovered him until now, and there are no less than 2,000 novice villages on that post. ”
“哇哦，这个游戏世界竟然有那么多新手村？” "Wow, there are so many novice villages in this game world?"
“他不会是掉到某个特殊地点去了吧？这算不算是游戏系统照顾啊？”
"He couldn't have fallen into a special place, did he? Is this considered a game system care? ”
“九成九怀疑隔壁小王是游戏老板老王的儿子。” "Nine out of nine suspect that Xiao Wang next door is the son of the game boss Lao Wang."
“不，隔壁小王是游戏策划老王的儿子，他妈妈是老板老婆。”
"No, Xiao Wang next door is the son of the game planner Wang, and his mother is the boss's wife."
“你们都说错了，其实隔壁小王就是隔壁老王自己，也就是这个游戏老板自己在玩游戏！”
"You're all wrong, in fact, the little king next door is the old king next door himself, that is, the game boss himself is playing the game!"
“游戏老板姓王？没听说啊。” "The game boss's surname is Wang? I haven't heard of it. ”
调侃隔壁小王身世的人出现一大堆。 There were a lot of people who ridiculed Xiao Wang's life experience next door.
没营养的帖子虽然很多，但也有些有含金量的。 Although there are many posts that are not nutritious, there are also some that have gold content.
目前最知名的一个就是“心理犯罪专家对隔壁小王的真实侧写”贴。
At present, one of the most well-known is the "Psychological Crime Expert's Real Profile of Xiao Wang Next Door" post.
发帖人是不是心理犯罪专家不知道，但他从隔壁小王这个ID名，以及第一次升到一级的时间，中间每次升级间隔的时间……等等信息着手，分析出：
I don't know if the poster is a psychological crime expert, but he is from the ID name of Xiao Wang next door, as well as the time when he first upgraded to the next level, and the time between each upgrade in between...... and so on, and analyze:
隔壁小王是个华夏人，年纪不会超过三十岁，八成真姓王，九成是男性，时间自由，上网时间至少超过平均每天十二小时。沉迷游戏，却不喜欢上社交平台网络，对外界信息不关心，性格可能较为孤僻，在现实生活和游戏中都可能没有朋友，也没有女朋友，更没有老婆。
Xiao Wang next door is a Chinese, no more than 30 years old, eighty percent of his real surname is Wang, ninety percent is male, he has free time, and he spends at least 12 hours a day on the Internet. Addicted to games, but don't like to go on social platforms, don't care about external information, may be more withdrawn, and may have no friends, girlfriends, and wives in real life and games.
对于这样的分析内容，有人赞同，有人大骂说砖家的话就是屁。
For such an analysis, some people agree, and some people scold that the brick family's words are fart.
“诸位！特大消息！”有人买了世界喇叭大声狂喊：“隔壁小王以一人之力推动整个游戏进程啦，刚刚游戏宣布副本开启啦！满十五级就能进！”
"Ladies and gentlemen! Big news! Someone bought a world speaker and shouted loudly: "Xiao Wang next door is pushing the entire game process with one person, and the game has just announced that the copy is open!" You can enter at level 15! ”
游戏论坛再次大爆。 The gaming forums are a big hit again.
游戏内，还不知道自己引来怎样轰动的王小叶被雷木又拍又打，给弄醒了。
In the game, Wang Xiaoye, who didn't know what kind of sensation he had caused, was slapped and beaten by Lei Mu and woke up.
王叶意识清醒后，抹抹脸上的水，无视脑中系统的连串播报，脑袋无力地耷拉在雷木的肩膀上，无比沮丧地道：“木木，爸爸完了。”
After Wang Ye became conscious, he wiped the water on his face, ignored the series of broadcasts in his brain, his head hung weakly on Lei Mu's shoulder, and said in great frustration: "Mu Mu, Dad is finished." ”
“哦？怎么完了？”雷木一手抱着小叶子，一手划动往边上游，他们得找个落脚地。
"Oh? What's the end? Lei Mu held the little leaf in one hand and swiped to the side with the other, and they had to find a place to stay.
王叶哼唧：“虫巢暂时用不起来了。” Wang Ye snorted: "The worm nest can't be used for the time being." ”
雷木淡定地道：“哦。” Lei Mu said calmly: "Oh. ”
王叶两手搂住雷木脖颈，减轻他的负担：“我的能力也用不起来了，总而言之，我现在绝大部分的能量都不能动用，就是一个废人。”
Wang Ye put his arms around Lei Mu's neck with both hands to lighten his burden: "I can't use my ability anymore, all in all, I can't use most of my energy now, I'm just a wasted person." ”
“听起来不太妙，以后会恢复吗？” "Doesn't sound good, will it be restored later?"
“应该会吧？就是不知道什么时候能恢复。”王叶太不习惯现在这具沉重的身体，他已经很久没有这么衰弱过了。
"Probably will? I just don't know when I'll be able to recover. "Wang Ye is too unaccustomed to this heavy body now, he has not been so weak for a long time.
“你做了什么？”雷木的声音听起来很平静。 "What did you do?" Raimi's voice sounded calm.
王叶却听得心惊胆战，他忙搂紧雷木脖颈，讨好又急忙地解释：“木木，你别生气，我是有把握才敢那么做。”
Wang Ye was frightened when he heard this, he hurriedly hugged Lei Mu's neck, and hurriedly explained: "Mu Mu, don't be angry, I dare to do that if I am sure." ”
“你到底做了什么？虫母呢？” "What the hell did you do? What about the mother worm? ”
“被我干掉了。”王叶不小心看到雷木那双漆黑的眼眸，忙自白：“我都说，保证一个字不隐瞒。”
"I'm going to kill you." Wang Ye accidentally saw Lei Mu's dark eyes, and hurriedly confessed: "I said everything, I promise not to hide a word." ”
王叶便把自己的计划如此这般一说，简而言之，就是他发现物理攻击无法打倒比他等级高出太多的虫母，他唯一可以依仗的就是自己强大的精神力。
Wang Ye said this about his plan, in short, he found that physical attacks could not defeat the insect mother who was much higher than his level, and the only thing he could rely on was his powerful spiritual power.
于是他借虫母吸收浮游光虫精神体的机会，溜入虫母精神海，找到它的精神核，再钻进精神核中，一点点把它啃光了。
So he took the opportunity of the insect mother to absorb the spirit body of the planktonic light insect, slipped into the spiritual sea of the insect mother, found its spiritual core, and then drilled into the spiritual core, and gnawed it up little by little.
王叶整个过程说得非常简单，半点没提这行动有多危险。更没提他在啃食虫母精神核时，虫母对他的反击。
Wang Ye said the whole process very simply, and didn't mention how dangerous this action was. Not to mention the insect mother's counterattack when he was gnawing on the insect mother's spiritual core.
雷木沉默。 Reimu was silent.
王叶也跟着安静下来。 Wang Ye also quieted down.
“木木，爸爸错了。”王小叶低头，老实认错。 "Mumu, Dad is wrong." Wang Xiaoye bowed his head and honestly admitted his mistake.
雷木：“你没错，你只是相信自己有咬死虫母的实力。”
Lei Mu: "You're right, you just believe that you have the strength to bite the mother worm." ”
王叶嘴巴一咧，又连忙摆出正经脸：“我错在不应该不和你商量就擅自妄为。”
Wang Ye grinned, and hurriedly put on a serious face: "My mistake is that I shouldn't have acted recklessly without consulting you." ”
“你那时也没法跟我商量。” "You couldn't have consulted with me then."
“就是这样啊，木木，还是你善解……呃，木木，我告诉你一个秘密哦，是我啃虫母精神核时发现的。”王叶看到雷木额头青筋崩起，迅速转移话题：“你奇不奇怪那虫母还年轻力壮，为什么在这时候诞育和培养新的虫母？”
"That's it, Mumu, are you still understanding...... Uh, Mumu, I'll tell you a secret, I found it when I gnawed on the Worm Mother's Spirit Core. Wang Ye saw the green tendons on Lei Mu's forehead collapse, and quickly changed the topic: "You wonder if the insect mother is still young and strong, why did you give birth to and cultivate a new insect mother at this time?" ”
雷木的注意力果然被转移：“为什么？” Thunderwood's attention was really diverted: "Why? ”
王叶立刻屁颠颠地道：“因为这个虫母的身体出问题了。我们之前不是消灭了很多战虫寄生体和母虫寄生体吗，它们寄生体不够用了，为了加强它们的战斗力，王虫命令虫母迅速排卵，诞育更多更强的寄生虫，并且要求这些寄生虫要能快速孵化和寄生。”
Wang Ye immediately said in a fart: "Because there is something wrong with this worm mother's body." Didn't we eliminate a lot of war insect parasites and mother parasites before, they were not enough parasites, in order to strengthen their combat effectiveness, the king worm ordered the mother worm to ovulate quickly, give birth to more and stronger parasites, and required these parasites to be able to hatch and parasitize quickly. ”
“虫母虽然不愿意，但还是听令行事，可是就在它消耗大量能量分娩虫卵时，它和王虫都感受到了那只远古巨兽的精神力变化。它们一方面怀疑远古巨兽要对它们动手，一方面怀疑远古巨兽的精神体打算逃离。因为其他寄生虫族都无法靠近圆锥形石屋，虫母就亲自去探查了，结果被远古巨兽的精神力震伤身体，它的生育能力出了问题。”
Although the mother worm was unwilling, she still obeyed the order, but just as it consumed a lot of energy to give birth to the eggs, both it and the king worm felt the change in the spiritual power of the ancient giant beast. On the one hand, they suspected that the Ancient Behemoth was going to do something to them, and on the other hand, they suspected that the spirit body of the Ancient Behemoth was planning to flee. Because the other parasitic insects could not get close to the conical stone house, the insect mother went to investigate it herself, but was shocked by the spiritual power of the ancient giant beast, and its fertility was problematic. ”
雷木挑眉。 Raimu raised an eyebrow.
王叶接着道：“以前也有虫母和王虫想要吸收远古巨兽的精神力，想要接近那两座圆锥形石屋，但都被震伤，有些虫母和王虫就这么被杀死。这也是那些寄生虫族不敢靠近那两座石屋的原因。”
Wang Ye continued: "In the past, there were also insect mothers and king insects who wanted to absorb the spiritual power of ancient giant beasts and wanted to get close to those two conical stone houses, but they were both shocked, and some insect mothers and king insects were killed like this. That's why those parasites don't dare to approach the two stone houses. ”
“原来如此。” "I see."
“虫母受伤后，王虫派出其他寄生虫继续调查，根据种种迹象推测到我们很可能得到了远古巨兽的精神力馈赠，而且因为我们向佣兵公会汇报了岛上有寄生虫族的事，它们觉得这座岛已经不安全，而且没有了远古巨兽的精神力，也没有继续留下的必要，就打算全面撤离。”
"After the worm mother was injured, the king worm sent other parasites to continue the investigation, and based on various signs, it was speculated that we were likely to have received the spiritual power gift of the ancient giant beast, and because we reported to the mercenary guild that there were parasites on the island, they felt that this island was no longer safe, and there was no need for the ancient giant beast to continue to stay, so they planned to evacuate completely."
“虫母为什么会被留下？”雷木不解。 "Why was Mother Worm left behind?" Lei Mu was puzzled.
王叶：“王虫让虫母再诞育一颗虫母卵，说以防万一。虫母这时其实更需要修养，如果修养得当，说不定它的生育能力能恢复。但王虫说只是诞育一颗虫母卵，并不孵化，还说如果虫母身体恢复，就吃掉这枚虫母卵。虫母为了整个族群，同意了。”
Wang Ye: "The king worm asked the mother worm to give birth to another egg, saying just in case." The mother insect actually needs more cultivation at this time, and if it is cultivated properly, maybe its fertility can be restored. But the king worm said that it only gave birth to a female egg, not hatched, and said that if the mother worm recovered, it would eat the egg. For the sake of the whole group, the mother worm agreed. ”
“但在虫母耗费大量能量诞育了那枚虫母卵以后，虫母发现它的生殖系统彻底出了问题，很可能需要很长时间才能恢复。虫母对王虫无法隐瞒这点，王虫接近它就能查知它的身体情况。王虫就让它尽力吸收那座小岛的能量，结果王虫却在虫母利用小岛力量进行蜕变，无法离开的时候，带着新虫母卵和虫巢跑了，虫母是被抛弃的！哦，那小岛是巨兽的心脏所化。”
But after the mother worm spent a lot of energy to give birth to the egg, the mother found that her reproductive system was completely wrong, and it was likely to take a long time to recover. The mother worm cannot hide this from the king worm, and the king worm can find out its physical condition when it gets close to it. The king worm asked it to try its best to absorb the energy of the island, but when the mother worm used the power of the island to transform and could not leave, it ran away with the new mother eggs and the hive, and the mother worm was abandoned! Oh, that island is the heart of a behemoth. ”
雷木眯眼：“现在你把那小岛的能量全都吸收了？” Lei Mu squinted: "Now you have absorbed all the energy of that island?" ”
“哪能啊。我就是帮它搬了个家。”王小叶无比郁闷。 "How can you. I just helped it move. Wang Xiaoye was extremely depressed.
“你到底为什么不能动用能量？” "Why the hell can't you use your energy?"
王小叶张开嘴巴，可他实在说不出口，难道要他告诉雷木，他变成这样，完全就是因为他……
Wang Xiaoye opened his mouth, but he really couldn't speak, did he want him to tell Lei Mu that he became like this because of him......
“吃太多了，无法消化。”王小叶小小声说。
雷木眼中闪过笑意：“你说什么，麻烦大点声。”
王叶揪住雷木的耳朵，对他小声吼：“我说我吃太多撑着了！需要时间慢慢消化。”
王叶吼完，嘀嘀咕咕，他也很委屈好嘛：“又不是我想吃这么多，明明是那座小岛就差抓着我的脖子硬塞，它肯定是发现我身上有那远古巨兽的精神能量，把我当成了原本的身体，就拼命往我身体里钻。还有那虫母也是，我不就咬它两口嘛，它竟然搞精神核自爆！我为了不被它炸成碎片，只能强行一次性吞噬它连同精神核在内的所有精神能量。又是这么多精神力，又是这么多能量，谁能不吃撑？”
王叶还摸了摸自己的脖子，一副吃得太饱就要吐出来的痛苦模样。
雷木：“……”
“木木，你不生气了？”王叶小心翼翼地问。
雷木摇头，他不是在气王小叶擅自做危险事，而是在气自己关键时候只能让小孩一个人扛。
王叶看雷木真的不像是生他气的模样，顿时大大松了口气。
雷木看他这样，又忍不住笑起来。他想告诉小孩，在他大口大口胡吃海塞的时候，他其实也有了一些变化，不过他决定暂时不告诉小孩，等以后给他一个惊喜（惊吓）好了。
“木木，以后爸爸要靠你养了。”王叶讨好地道。
雷木淡淡道：“我还有一个精灵蛋要养。”
王小叶瞬间被点爆：“木木！是我重要还是那颗该死的蛋重要，你说！”
划着船沿着螺旋形水道下来的符永和带路的连升，老远就听到了王小叶的怒吼声。
第96章 无垢花、离开
符永把雷木和王叶接上船，看王叶像是不能动的样子，忙问：“小兄弟怎样了？是不是受伤了？你们有伤药吗？”
说着符永就主动拿出两瓶伤药。
雷木婉拒：“谢谢，我们带了伤药，刚才已经给他服药了。他受伤了，需要休息一段时间。”
Lei Mu refused: "Thank you, we brought the wound medicine, and we have already given him medicine just now." He was injured and needed some rest. ”
符永讪笑着收起伤药，小心翼翼地问：“你们碰到虫母了吗？”
Fu Yongyan smiled and put away the wound medicine, and asked cautiously, "Have you touched the worm mother?" ”
雷木点头又摇头：“碰到了，但对方太厉害，实力已经有六级，我和我弟都不是它的对手，我们只是保命就很艰辛。但途中那虫母似乎感应到什么，突然就跑了。”
Lei Mu nodded and shook his head: "I ran into it, but the other party is too powerful, the strength is already level six, my brother and I are not its opponents, and it is very difficult for us to just save our lives." But on the way, the worm mother seemed to sense something, and suddenly ran away. ”
符永听说虫母跑了，有点失望，但也觉得理所当然，忙问虫母的详细信息。
Fu Yong was a little disappointed when he heard that the worm mother had run away, but he also took it for granted and hurriedly asked the worm mother for details.
雷木就把虫母的女人外形告诉了他，重点是他们都没看清那女人长什么样，就记得有很长很长的头发。
连升也以为虫母真的跑了，谁也不认为雷木和王叶两人能对付得了虫母。
Lian Sheng also thought that the insect mother really ran away, and no one thought that Lei Mu and Wang Ye could deal with the insect mother.
“寄生虫族暴露后很可能已经放弃这座囚犯岛，打算转战其他地方，我们现在只能确定一点，它们的王虫和虫母都已经离开这座岛。”雷木说完这句话后就表示出他很累的意思，不再开口。
"It's likely that the parasites have abandoned this prisoner island after being exposed, intending to move elsewhere, and we can only be sure of one thing now, their king worm and mother worm have left this island." After Lei Mu said this, he showed that he was tired and stopped talking.
符永只能一个人愁苦着脸，想着要怎么给这件事善后。更担心王叶的真实之眼是否还能使用。虽然辛加烈说除了那几个被寄生虫卵的佣兵，其他佣兵身体里都很干净，他还是很不放心。
Fu Yong could only face sadly alone, thinking about how to deal with the aftermath of this matter. I'm even more worried about whether Wang Ye's True Eye can still be used. Although Singari said that except for the few mercenaries who were parasitic eggs, the other mercenaries were very clean, he was still very worried.
连升听说王虫和虫母都已经离开囚犯岛，倒是很高兴。 Lian Sheng was very happy to hear that the king worm and the worm mother had left the prisoner island.
到了码头，辛加烈看王叶一副软绵绵的样子，也过来关心了一番。
When he arrived at the dock, Xin Jialie saw that Wang Ye looked soft, and also came over to care.
有佣兵忍不住冲过来问两人，哪个能消除人体内的虫卵，把被寄生的人救回来。
A mercenary couldn't help but rush over and ask the two of them, which one could eliminate the insect eggs in the human body and save the parasitic person.
知道王叶本事的人都看向王叶。 People who knew Wang Ye's ability all looked at Wang Ye.
佣兵们也把目光落到了王叶身上，见他似乎受伤不能动弹，都十分忧愁。
The mercenaries also looked at Wang Ye, and they were all very sad when they saw that he seemed to be injured and couldn't move.
辛加烈不想把压力都压在一个小孩身上，当即道：“我已经查看过那几个伤员，他们体内的虫卵已经孵化，寄生虫正在改造他们。我只是不确定他们本人的意识是否还在。”
Xin Jialie didn't want to put all the pressure on a child, so he immediately said: "I have checked on those wounded, the eggs in their bodies have hatched, and the parasites are transforming them. I'm just not sure if their own consciousness is still there. ”
辛加烈和幽灵虫的精神力结合，也可以看出一个人体内是否有寄生虫族存在。
The combination of the spiritual power of Singarel and the ghost insect can also tell whether there are parasites in a person's body.
“那几个伤员单独隔离了吗？”雷木问。 "Are the wounded isolated alone?" Raimu asked.
辛加烈点头：“他们都被单独关在码头的木屋内。” Singari nodded, "They were all locked up alone in the wooden hut on the docks. ”
王叶懒懒道：“那他们现在很可能已经不在。” Wang Ye said lazily: "Then they are probably no longer there now." ”
这一批的虫卵无论孵化速度还是寄生速度都远超之前，佣兵们被寄生到现在都过了多久？更何况他们还受伤了，又处在被排斥的环境中，大约他们自己都早已放弃自己。
This batch of eggs is far faster than before, both in terms of hatching speed and parasitism speed, how long has it been since the mercenaries were parasitized? What's more, they are still injured and in an ostracized environment, and they themselves have already given up on themselves.
连升想到他找到那几个受伤佣兵时的情形，也觉出不对劲了，那几个人太镇静了，而且反应好像有些缓慢？
Lian Sheng thought of the situation when he found those injured mercenaries, and he also felt that something was wrong, those people were too calm, and they seemed to be a little slow to react?
佣兵们变色，一名佣兵道：“不可能，我就在门口守着。”
The mercenaries changed color, and one of the mercenaries said, "No way, I'll be at the door." ”
王叶嗤笑：“那你肯定不敢太靠近他们，里面就算有什么动静，你也不会进去查看。”
Wang Ye sneered: "Then you definitely don't dare to get too close to them, even if there is any movement inside, you won't go in to check." ”
那佣兵张口结舌，事实就是如此，虽然佣兵们把那几人带了出来，但就算是他们的同伴也不愿意近距离接触他们，把几人关入木屋又给他们留了伤药后，其他人就远离了木屋。
The mercenary was dumbfounded, and this was the case, although the mercenaries brought the men out, even their companions did not want to get close to them, and after putting a few of them in the hut and leaving them with medicine, the others stayed away from the hut.
符永掉头就去查看木屋情况，进入后就发现木屋后面多出了一个大洞，那几个伤员全都跑了。
Fu Yong turned around and went to check the situation of the wooden house, and when he entered, he found that there was a large hole in the back of the wooden house, and the wounded had all run away.
让带有寄生虫的变异体跑掉，这也是一个大麻烦。 It's also a big hassle to let the parasite-laden mutant run away.
符永不得不当场请佣兵们帮忙，寻找这几人踪迹。 Fu Yong had to ask the mercenaries to help him on the spot to find the traces of these people.
结果佣兵们都不愿意，并纷纷表示他们需要回到海草岛做一些修补调整，实际就是都不想再做这个任务，并恨不得离开这片海域越远越好。
As a result, the mercenaries were unwilling, and said that they needed to return to Seagrass Island to do some repairs, but in fact, they didn't want to do this task anymore, and they wanted to leave this sea as far away as possible.
辛加烈见此情形，建议道：“把岛上的人，包括矿工和囚犯在内，全部暂时撤出吧。分两批走，下一批过来接囚犯，我会留在这里。”
Seeing this, Singaret suggested: "Evacuate all the people of the island, including the miners and prisoners, for the time being." Go in two batches, the next group will come to pick up the prisoners, and I will stay here. ”
佣兵们很想说那些囚犯就不用管了，一个劲催促符永赶紧开船离开。
The mercenaries wanted to say that the prisoners would be left alone, and urged Fu Yong to leave quickly.
王叶暗中拉了拉雷木。 Wang Ye secretly pulled Laleimu.
雷木就没吱声，带着王叶坐到一边休息，就跟局外人一样。
Lei Mu didn't squeak, and took Wang Ye to sit aside to rest, just like an outsider.
符永愁眉苦脸，和辛加烈到一边商量，然后又紧急给角戈群岛的分会长再次发了一封信。
Fu Yong frowned, went to the side to discuss with Singaryeh, and then urgently sent another letter to the branch leader of the Jiaogo Islands.
这次的行动，他没讨到半点好处，倒是三级魔晶先用了两枚，而且答应岛民的补贴，他也得负责到底，而金矿的归属还不知道怎么说，真的是亏到家了。
In this operation, he didn't get any benefits, but the third-level magic crystal used two first, and promised the subsidy of the islanders, he had to be responsible for the end, and the ownership of the gold mine didn't know how to say, it was really a loss.
符永把之前招来的公会矿工又全部叫回码头。 Fu Yong called all the guild miners he had recruited before back to the dock.
经过辛加烈和王叶的双重检查，确保所有上船的人都没有寄生虫在身，包括原本船上的人也又都检查了一遍。
After the double inspection of Xin Jialie and Wang Ye, it was ensured that all the people on the ship were free of parasites, including the people on the original boat.
王叶现在虽然不能动用能量，但让他直接接触生物，他也能凭借精神力分辨出对方是否被寄生，以及本人意识是否还在。他只是不能把包括精神力的能量外放使用。
Although Wang Ye can't use energy now, if he is in direct contact with living beings, he can also use his spiritual power to tell whether the other party is parasitic and whether his consciousness is still there. He just can't use the energy, including mental power.
比如，现在让他除虫和救人，他就做不到。 For example, if he is asked to remove insects and save people now, he will not be able to do it.
辛加烈和连升肩并肩，目送承载了岛民的海船离开岛屿。
Singariel and Lien Sheng stood shoulder to shoulder as the ship carrying the islanders left the island.
符永也没走，他要留在岛上寻找和处理那些变异体，并等待上面派高级佣兵来接应他。
Fu Yong didn't leave either, he had to stay on the island to find and deal with those mutants, and wait for the high-ranking mercenaries to be sent to meet him.
雷木说要带王叶去休息，符永忙着安排监狱中剩下的囚犯和看守，就让两人自便。
Lei Mu said that he would take Wang Ye to rest, and Fu Yong was busy arranging the remaining prisoners and guards in the prison, so he let the two of them take care of themselves.
辛加烈很自然地把整个监狱的工作接手过来，符永简直感激涕零。
Naturally, Singarje took over the entire prison, and Fu Yong was simply grateful.
事情还很多，大家都没客气，各自忙开。 There are still a lot of things, and everyone is not polite, and they are busy.
连升原本打算就此永眠，见辛加烈很是忙碌，决定再留在他身边帮他一段时间。
Lian Sheng originally planned to sleep forever, but seeing that Xin Jialie was very busy, he decided to stay by his side to help him for a while.
雷木背着王叶去了感恩村。 Lei Mu carried Wang Ye to Thanksgiving Village.
“我知道那些跑掉的变异体都在哪里。我让小光和它的族群去找那些变异体了，它们能感知到哪里有寄生虫族。”王叶在雷木耳边小声说。
"I know where the mutants are that ran away. I told Light and his people to find the mutants, they could sense where there were parasites. Wang Ye whispered in Lei Mu's ear.
大概是王叶接连吸收了替补王虫和虫母的缘故，小光现在似乎下定决心投靠他，也不再排斥做与寄生虫族相关的任务。
Probably because Wang Ye absorbed the substitute King Worm and the Worm Mother one after another, Xiaoguang now seems to have made up his mind to join him, and he no longer rejects doing tasks related to the parasitic Zerg.
雷木脚步一顿：“你刚才怎么不告诉那分站长？” Lei Mu paused: "Why didn't you tell the stationmaster just now?" ”
王叶贴着雷木的耳朵，用更小的声音说：“小光说在发现变异体的地方，还发现了一些东西，我不想让那些东西落到佣兵手上。那些变异体都是刚变异，等级不高，数量也不多，你一个人就能解决它们全部，就更没必要找那些佣兵了。”
Wang Ye pressed Lei Mu's ear and said in a smaller voice: "Xiaoguang said that in the place where the mutant was found, some things were also found, and I don't want those things to fall into the hands of the mercenaries." Those mutants are all just mutated, the level is not high, and the number is not large, you can solve them all by yourself, and there is no need to find those mercenaries. ”
雷木无语，这个小贪财。 Lei Mu was speechless, this little greedy for money.
“木木，走快点，我们现在快点过去，免得让那些变异体跑了。”王叶兴奋道。
"Mumu, hurry up, let's hurry over now, lest we let those mutants escape." Wang Ye said excitedly.
雷木已经恢复，自然没有什么不可以的，背着王叶从他们第一次摸出来的小山洞穴里再次进入溶洞群。
Lei Mu had recovered, so naturally there was nothing wrong with it, carrying Wang Ye on his back from the small mountain cave they had first touched out and re-entering the cave group.
雷木和王叶找到那几个出逃的变异体时，就见它们集中在一个宛如蛇骨的绵长洞穴中，这里除了这几个变异体，还有十来具尸体。
When Lei Mu and Wang Ye found the few escaped mutants, they saw that they were concentrated in a long cave like snake bones, and in addition to these mutants, there were more than a dozen corpses.
不过尸体不是人类，而是一种生活在溶洞中的大型蝾螈。
However, the corpse is not a human, but a large salamander that lives in a cave.
这些蝾螈身体内都布满了虫卵。 These salamanders are covered with eggs.
雷木发现这里很熟悉，他们之前寻找虫巢时，曾经经过这里，不过那时这里有一只强大的生物存在，雷木用眼术看到后，就带着王叶避开了。
Lei Mu found that this place was very familiar, they had passed by here when they were looking for the worm nest before, but at that time, there was a powerful creature here, and after Lei Mu saw it with his eye technique, he took Wang Ye to avoid it.
这些蝾螈尸体应该是之后自己走过来或者被带过来的，可能是想利用这些蝾螈尸体中的虫卵寄生那只强大的生物？
These salamander corpses must have come over or were brought over by themselves, probably trying to use the eggs in these salamander corpses to parasitize that powerful creature?
也不知道那强大生物有没有吃这些蝾螈尸体，应该是没有。
I don't know if the powerful creature ate these salamander corpses, probably not.
有些强大生物对危险感知性极强，它们也许不知道寄生虫族是什么，但趋利避害的本能还是有的。
Some powerful creatures are extremely perceptive, and they may not know what parasites are, but they still have the instinct to seek advantage and avoid harm.
雷木怀疑那强大生物看出蝾螈尸体有问题后，就跑掉了，宁可放弃了这个能量充足的巢穴。
Thunderwood suspected that the powerful creature had seen something wrong with the salamander's corpse and ran away, preferring to abandon the energetic nest.
几个变异体跑到这里来，不为其他，只是为了吃掉这十几具蝾螈尸体和它们身体中的虫卵。吃掉同族虫卵，这也是寄生虫族提升自己的方式之一。
A few mutants had come here, not for anything else, just to eat the dozen or so salamander carcasses and the eggs in their bodies. Eating the eggs of the same species is also one of the ways in which the parasite improves itself.
虫母消耗大量能量产出的这批新型虫卵可能因为可以快速孵化和快速寄生的缘故，它们对能量的渴求也比之前的寄生虫族大得多，更有着一个只有寄生虫族才知道的缺陷。
The new eggs produced by the mother worm may be due to their rapid hatching and rapid parasitism, and their thirst for energy is much greater than that of the previous parasites, and they have a defect that only the parasites know.
这些快速生长的寄生虫族寄生时不是融合寄生体的精神体，而是摧毁。
These fast-growing parasites do not fuse with the parasite's spirit body, but destroy.
虫母给这些快生寄生虫的定义就是战斗向的低智变异体。
Mother worms define these fast-growing parasites as combatively low-intelligence mutants.
但王虫并不赞成这种低智变异体出现，它认为哪怕是最低等的寄生虫族也应该拥有自己的智慧，并拥有融合其他生物的精神体从而获得知识的能力，这是寄生虫族的特长和优点，不应该放弃。
However, the king worm does not approve of the appearance of this low-intelligence mutant, it believes that even the lowest parasitic zerg should have their own wisdom and have the ability to fuse the spirit of other creatures to obtain knowledge, which is the specialty and advantage of the parasitic worm and should not be abandoned.
所以虫母产出的这批快生寄生虫在王虫眼中就是一批不合格的残缺寄生虫族。所以王虫也放弃了它们，改为蛊惑和控制一个人类女人，单独离开。
Therefore, the batch of fast-growing parasites produced by the mother worm is a batch of unqualified mutilated parasites in the eyes of the king worm. So the king worm also gave up on them, and instead bewitched and controlled a human woman, leaving alone.
其实就算那女人不出现，王虫也早做好了单独离开的准备，那艘船和船上物资就是它准备的，它甚至给自己准备好了一个可怜的会让人类同情和收留的身世，何况他这具身体还是一个才三四岁的男孩，健康又漂亮，是最容易被人类收养的类型。
In fact, even if the woman didn't appear, Wang Worm was already ready to leave alone, the ship and the supplies on board were prepared by it, and it even prepared a pitiful life experience for itself that would make humans sympathize with and take in, not to mention that his body was still a boy who was only three or four years old, healthy and beautiful, and was the easiest type to be adopted by humans.
王虫也没有浪费那些残缺寄生虫的价值，它让那些寄生虫变异体共同登上海船，还大张旗鼓地离去，就是为了让它们吸引那些人类的视线。
The king worm did not waste the value of those mutilated parasites, it let those parasite mutants board the sea ship together, and left with great fanfare, just to make them attract the attention of those humans.
寄生虫族还不适宜现在就暴露在人类面前，无论数量还是适应力，它们都还需要潜伏发展一段时间。
Parasites are not yet suitable for being exposed to humans right now, and they will need to latent for some time in terms of numbers and adaptability.
而这些被放弃的寄生虫族不知道它们被放弃了，也不清楚自己的缺陷，它们本能地想要变强、想要活下去，所以它们遵循寄生虫族的本能，进入黑暗的地下溶洞群，找到了这十几只没有被带走的虫卵孵化培养体。
And these abandoned parasites don't know that they have been abandoned, and they don't know their flaws, they instinctively want to become stronger and want to live, so they follow the instinct of the parasites, enter the dark underground cave group, and find these dozen eggs that have not been taken away to hatch and culture.
这些待孵化的虫卵都是正常虫卵，也是王虫留下的后手。
These eggs to be hatched are normal eggs, and they are also the back hands left by the king worm.
只是王虫万万没有想到，它留下的后手会被几个渴望变强的缺陷寄生虫变异体找到，并打算把它们变成一顿滋养自身的大餐。
It's just that the king worm never imagined that the back hands it left behind would be found by a few defective parasite mutants eager to become stronger, and planned to turn them into a feast that nourished itself.
小光和浮游光虫们在洞内盘旋飞舞。 Small lights and planktonic light bugs swirl and fly around the cave.
那几个变异体竟然想要抓它们吃掉。 The mutants tried to grab them and eat them.
小光生气：“咿咿！”这几个寄生虫族不对劲。 Xiaoguang was angry: "Babble! "Something is wrong with these parasites.
虽然寄生虫族也会吞噬虫卵来提升自己，但那一般是高等级对低等级，而且吞噬的都是不能孵化的卵，且必定是在非常不得已的情况下。
Although parasites will also devour eggs to improve themselves, it is generally high-level versus low-level, and they only devour eggs that cannot hatch, and it must be a last resort.
毕竟寄生虫族都有智慧，吞噬自己虫，哪怕是不能孵化的虫卵，也有点无法接受。
After all, parasitic insects have intelligence, and devouring their own worms, even if they are eggs that cannot hatch, are a little unacceptable.
这也是小光特别反感虫母的缘故，那虫母吃掉太多同族了，还都是它自己生的。
This is also the reason why Xiaoguang is particularly disgusted with the insect mother, who has eaten too many of her kind, and it is all born by itself.
王叶接收到小光反馈回来的信息，对雷木示意。 Wang Ye received the information from Xiaoguang and gestured to Lei Mu.
雷木放下王叶，摸过去把那几个正在啃食蝾螈尸体的变异体都杀了。
Lei Mu put down Wang Ye and touched it to kill the few mutants who were gnawing on the corpses of the salamanders.
几个变异的三级佣兵，也算一股小型战力，但雷木似乎掌握了一种新秘术，他的身体竟然化作了一股淡淡的黑烟，黑烟绕过那几个变异体，那几个变异体就全都身冒黑色火焰，不到数秒，就化作灰烬。
A few mutated third-level mercenaries can be regarded as a small combat force, but Lei Mu seems to have mastered a new secret technique, and his body turned into a faint black smoke, and the black smoke bypassed those few mutants, and those few mutants all emitted black flames, and in less than a few seconds, they turned into ashes.
那些黑色火焰把那几个变异体和十几具蝾螈尸体都烧成灰烬后又回到雷木体内。
The black flames burned the mutants and the corpses of a dozen salamanders to ashes before returning to Thunderwood.
王叶没看到这一幕，但他收到了游戏系统的信息。 Wang Ye didn't see this scene, but he received a message from the game system.
【玩家隔壁小王完成海沟村村长委托的寻找魔鬼蛋和除掉所有魔鬼蛋的任务，任务完成进度达到百分百，特此奖励五千点经验值。】
[The player next door Xiao Wang completes the task entrusted by the head of Trench Village to find the devil eggs and get rid of all the devil eggs, and the progress of the task completion reaches 100%, and 5,000 experience points are hereby rewarded.] 】
王叶大大放松。这个任务完成也是在告诉他，岛上的寄生虫卵只要还有活性的，应该都已经被他找出来并消灭掉。
Wang Ye was greatly relaxed. The completion of this mission also tells him that as long as the parasite eggs on the island are still alive, they should have been found and eliminated by him.
至此，这座囚犯岛的寄生虫族才真正全部被消灭。 At this point, the parasites of this prisoner island have truly been completely wiped out.
等雷木回来，王叶就笑道：“都解决了？” When Lei Mu came back, Wang Ye smiled and said, "It's all solved?" ”
雷木点头。 Raimu nodded.
王叶忙问：“你在那洞里有没有看到一种透明的花朵？”
Wang Ye hurriedly asked, "Have you seen a transparent flower in that cave?" ”
雷木把他抱起来，钻入那条蛇骨一样的绵长洞穴：“没注意看，那是什么？”
Lei Mu picked him up and burrowed into the long cave like a snake bone: "I didn't pay attention, what is that?" ”
王叶示意小光带路。 Wang Ye motioned for Xiaoguang to lead the way.
小光就和它的族群飞在前面，带领两人去它们发现透明花朵的地方。
Xiaoguang flew in front of him with his people, leading the two to the place where they had found transparent flowers.
那里距离几个变异体死去的地方并不远。 It wasn't far from where several mutants had died.
雷木看到了第一朵，很快就看到更多朵。 Remu saw the first one, and soon saw more.
这些透明花朵全都贴地生长，有点像地衣，但花朵比较大，约有鸡卵那么大，但在黑暗的洞穴中，因为它们是透明的，经过的生物很容易忽略它们。
These transparent flowers all grow close to the ground, a bit like lichens, but the flowers are larger, about the size of chicken eggs, but in dark caves, because they are transparent, they can easily be ignored by passing creatures.
这些花朵也异常娇嫩，稍微一点力道就能把它们压烂。 These flowers are also unusually delicate, and a little force can crush them.
小光冲着王叶咿咿叫。 Xiaoguang babbled at Wang Ye.
王叶挥手：“知道知道了，你们现在能干了，都能给我找药材了，以后再接再厉。”
Wang Ye waved his hand: "I know, I know, now that you are capable, you can find medicinal materials for me, and you will make persistent efforts in the future." ”
小光表示这种透明花似乎有点吸引它们，想要吃。 Xiaoguang said that this transparent flower seems to attract them a little and wants to eat it.
王叶连忙叫：“别吃！” Wang Ye hurriedly shouted: "Don't eat!" ”
王叶让雷木把他放下来，小心用手触碰透明花，他的鉴定术需要能量，同样使用不出来。
Wang Ye asked Lei Mu to put him down, and carefully touched the transparent flower with his hand, his identification technique required energy, and it could not be used either.
但不用鉴定术，他也能认出这种少见的透明花，上辈子，他师父给他看过。
But without identification, he could recognize this rare transparent flower, which his master had shown him in his previous life.
“这是可以制作魔法药剂的无垢花，在天材地宝魔植榜上能排到前三十，很多药剂都能用到，但很难找，只长在魔力充足且完全黑暗的地方，而且必须要有足够的水源，这洞穴下面肯定有一条暗河。”王叶是真心激动。
"This is an innocent flower that can make magic potions, it can be ranked in the top thirty on the list of heaven and earth treasure magic plants, many potions can be used, but it is difficult to find, it only grows in a place with enough magic power and complete darkness, and there must be enough water source, there must be a dark river under this cave." Wang Ye was genuinely excited.
“这可是好东西，我知道一种炼体药方，主药就是无垢花，但因为这是魔植，生长环境又很苛刻，在市面上很难看到，我就没想过要用这种炼体药。”王叶用看情人的目光深情地看着这些无垢花。
"This is a good thing, I know a body refining prescription, the main medicine is the Innocent Flower, but because this is a demon plant, and the growth environment is very harsh, it is difficult to see it on the market, so I never thought of using this kind of body refining medicine." Wang Ye looked at these innocent flowers affectionately with the eyes of his lover.
“用无垢花炼制的炼体药有什么特殊的地方吗？”雷木还是第一次见到这种魔植，很是好奇。
"Is there anything special about the body refining medicine refined with the Innocent Flower?" It was the first time for Lei Mu to see this kind of magic plant, and he was very curious.
“无垢花无垢花，可不是形容它透明无垢，而是说它的功效。无垢花炼制的炼体药可以排除身体中的废料，培养无垢体。好吧，只这么一点无垢花，想要培养出无垢体基本不可能，但排出身体杂质的效果却极强，使用无垢花炼制的炼体药后，再使用其他炼体药剂或者提升身体素质的药物，可以让药效大幅度增强。”
"Innocent FlowerInnocent Flower, not to describe it as transparent and unclean, but to say its efficacy. The refining medicine made from the Innocent Flower can remove waste materials from the body and cultivate the Innocent Body. Well, with only such a little innocent flower, it is basically impossible to cultivate a pure body, but the effect of expelling impurities from the body is extremely strong. ”
王叶现在要不是还不能怎么动弹，他能激动得跳起来。 If Wang Ye hadn't been able to move much now, he would have jumped up excitedly.
他会吃撑到变成现在这样，何尝不是跟他目前这具身体体质太弱也有很大关系，因为身体无法消化这么多能量，就只能囤积在那里，想要消化吸收也得慢慢来。
He will eat until he is like this, and it has a lot to do with the fact that his current body is too weak, because his body can't digest so much energy, so he can only hoard it there, and if he wants to digest and absorb it, he has to take his time.
如果他身体素质能进一步提高，那他吸收能量的效率也会加大。如果他吸收能量的效率增加，那也能进一步打熬自己的身体，如此就形成了良性循环。
If his physical fitness can be further improved, then his efficiency in absorbing energy will also increase. If his efficiency in absorbing energy increases, it can also further improve his body, so that a virtuous circle is formed.
雷木听王叶解说，也明白了这无垢花的宝贵之处。 Lei Mu listened to Wang Ye's explanation, and also understood the preciousness of this innocent flower.
王叶的虫巢和雷木的精灵空间暂时都无法打开，王叶索性就和雷木在这里待下来，他打算等到虫巢能开启后，把这个蛇骨一样的洞穴和里面的无垢花一起移植到种植区。
Wang Ye's insect hive and Lei Mu's elf space could not be opened for the time being, Wang Ye simply stayed here with Lei Mu, he planned to wait until the insect hive could be opened, and transplant this snake bone-like cave and the innocent flower inside to the planting area.
只是采摘这些无垢花，用完就没有了，但如果他能在虫巢中种植，今后他就有无数的无垢花可以使用。
Just picking these innocent flowers, it will be gone, but if he can grow them in the hive, he will have countless innocent flowers to use in the future.
雷木手掌碰触地面，若有所思：“这洞穴的能量有些古怪。”
Lei Mu's palm touched the ground, thoughtful: "The energy of this cave is a little strange. ”
王叶不假思索道：“这洞穴是远古巨兽的脊骨的一部分，里面的脊髓液富含能量，这些脊髓液和脊骨一起变成了化石，但能量还在，这些无垢花就是靠这些能量才长出来。”
Wang Ye said without thinking: "This cave is part of the backbone of the ancient giant beast, and the spinal fluid inside is rich in energy, and these spinal fluid and the spine have become fossils together, but the energy is still there, and these innocent flowers grow on these energies." ”
雷木点头：“原来如此，我还在想有这么一只远古巨兽的骸骨存在，就算它的尸身和血液被寄生虫族吃掉大部分，也不应该这么贫瘠。像是这种古兽墓场，通常都会有很多魔植生长。”
Lei Mu nodded: "I see, I was still thinking that the bones of such an ancient giant beast existed, even if its body and blood were mostly eaten by the parasitic zerg, it should not be so barren." In an ancient beast graveyard like this, there are usually a lot of magic plants growing. ”
王叶撇嘴：“有魔植也留不住，都给那些寄生虫族啃食了。”
Wang Ye pouted: "I can't keep the demon plants, and they are all eaten by those parasitic zergs." ”
王叶忽然想到：“不过我们也许可以去隔壁海沟岛好好找一找，说不定那里还有不少魔植生长。”
Wang Ye suddenly thought, "But we may be able to go to the Trench Island next door to look for it, maybe there are still a lot of demon plants growing there." ”
雷木也觉得海沟岛很有希望，他们就在那里发现了聚水珠，说不定还能发现其他好东西，比如章绘找到的那个对章绘吸引力极大的小湖泊。
Reimu also thinks that Trench Island is very promising, and it is there that they find the Gathering Water Beads, and maybe other good things, such as the small lake that Shoe found that is very attractive to Shoe.
王叶看小光和浮游光虫围着无垢花转个不停，就让它们共同吸收了一株，但要求它们留下根部。
Wang Ye saw that Xiaoguang and planktonic light insects were circling around the innocent flowers, so he let them absorb one plant together, but asked them to leave their roots.
小光：“咿咿！” Xiaoguang: "Babble! ”
王叶眼睛一亮：“好啊，你们可以试试。能持续发展才是最好的嘛。”
Wang Ye's eyes lit up: "Okay, you can try." It's best to be able to continue to grow. ”
雷木用眼神问他。 Remu asked him with a look in his eyes.
王叶高兴道：“小光说无垢花对它和浮游光虫吸引力很大，它们想试试只吸食花粉。”
Wang Ye said happily: "Xiaoguang said that the innocent flower is very attractive to it and planktonic light insects, and they want to try to only suck pollen. ”
小光和浮游光虫们开始了虫生食谱的第一次重大改变。 Xiaoguang and the planktonic light bugs began their first major change in their insect diet.
作为尝试的前两朵无垢花都有些蔫蔫的，一看就快要死了。
The first two innocent flowers as an attempt were a little wilted, and they were about to die at first glance.
王叶索性和雷木一人一朵，分食了。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu had one flower each, and they ate it.
虽然直接吃的效果肯定没有做成炼体药的效果好，但这两朵无垢花就要死了，如果不能马上入药，再等一会儿药效就会全失，还不如吃掉。
Although the effect of eating it directly is definitely not as good as the effect of making a body refining medicine, these two innocent flowers are about to die, if they can't be used immediately, the effect of the medicine will be lost after a while, so it is better to eat them.
无垢花的效果杠杠的，两人把花朵吞食不久，身体就有了反应。
王叶只来得及让小光带领浮游光虫守住这周围，就和雷木双双进入修炼状态。
Wang Ye only had time to let Xiaoguang lead the floating light insects to guard the surroundings, and he and Lei Mu both entered the cultivation state.
入夜时，王叶又接连收到系统四条通知。 At night, Wang Ye received four notifications from the system one after another.
【玩家隔壁小王成功救出左勤桑和左勤榆两兄弟，完成左援的委托任务，奖励两千点经验值。】
[The player's next door, Xiao Wang, successfully rescued the two brothers Zuo Qinsang and Zuo Qinyu, completed the entrusted task of Zuo Yuan, and rewarded 2,000 experience points. 】
王叶：看来那对兄弟和岛民们已经抵达海草岛，并和左援碰头了。
Wang Ye: It seems that the brothers and the islanders have arrived at Seagrass Island and met with Zuo Yuan.
【玩家隔壁小王越级完成囚犯岛地下溶洞群任务链之一“寻找监狱长和看守们的犯罪证据，制止他们的罪行，解救囚犯岛上的无辜者”，该任务因监狱长辛格尔逃脱，任务完成度只达到80%，奖励一万六千点经验值。】
[The player next door Xiao Wang overstepped the level to complete one of the task chains of the underground cave group on Prisoner Island, "Find the evidence of the crime of the prison warden and guards, stop their crimes, and rescue the innocent people on the prisoner island", the task was only 80% completed due to the escape of the prison director Singel, and the reward was 16,000 experience points. 】
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王成功完成囚犯岛地下溶洞群任务链所有任务，破解了远古之谜，找到寄生虫族来源，杀死虫母一只，并把囚犯岛众生从寄生虫族灾难中解救出来。世界声望值1000。】
[Congratulations to the player Xiao Wang next door for successfully completing all the tasks in the Prisoner Island Underground Cave Group task chain, solving the ancient mystery, finding the source of the parasitic Zerg, killing a worm mother, and rescuing the beings of the Prisoner Island from the parasitic disaster.] World Fame is 1000. 】
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到131279点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到十六级。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, after deducting the experience points that have been used, the player's experience points have accumulated to 131279 points, meet the upgrade conditions, and the game level will be upgraded to level 16. 】
王叶眼皮动了动，无垢花的效果果然很棒，这次升级，他的身体属性加点明显提高了一些。
Wang Ye's eyelids moved, the effect of the Innocent Flower was really great, and this time he upgraded, his physical attributes were significantly improved.
佣兵公会那边的效率也极快，符永还在等待分会长回信，结果刚入夜，那位分会长就亲自乘坐魔法船，带着一帮高级佣兵过来了。
The efficiency of the mercenary guild is also extremely fast, Fu Yong is still waiting for the branch president's reply, but as soon as it was night, the branch leader personally took a magic ship and brought a group of high-level mercenaries over.
那位分会长还告诉符永和辛加烈，他们已经在途中发现了那艘变异体乘坐的海船，并进行了拦截，还在海草岛安排了一些人手检查之后到达的所有船只，尤其是从囚犯岛和海沟岛过去的船，以及来历不明的船只。
The branch leader also told Fu Yong and Singar that they had spotted the mutant's ship on the way, intercepted it, and had arranged for some personnel to inspect all the ships that had arrived after the seagrass island, especially those that had passed from Prisoner Island and Trench Island, as well as ships of unknown origin.
也就是说分会长来之前，已经在海中和寄生虫变异体干了一架，并把那艘船上的所有变异体都干掉了，包括船上也许还有的活人。
This means that before the chapter leader arrived, he had already fought with the parasite mutants in the sea, and killed all the mutants on that ship, including the living people on board.
最后分会长还把那艘海船放火烧了个干干净净。 In the end, the branch president also set fire to the ship.
那些变异体对比这些高级佣兵不算特别强，但它们的身体变化，让这位分会长和看到的佣兵们都十分震惊，也十分重视这种突然出现的寄生虫族。
Those mutants were not particularly strong compared to these high-level mercenaries, but their physical changes shocked both the branch leader and the mercenaries he saw, and they also attached great importance to this sudden appearance of parasites.
因为辛加烈比较了解寄生虫族，分会长就一直跟他了解情况。
Because Singarel knew more about the parasites, the branch president had been keeping abreast of the situation with him.
分会长是个雷厉风行的人，还是一名高级魔法师，他在了解一定情况后，就带着人手进入溶洞群，以防有漏网的寄生虫族。
The branch leader is a resolute person and a high-level magician, and after learning about a certain situation, he led people into the cave group to prevent parasites from slipping through the net.
金矿那边他看都没去看。 He didn't even look at the gold mine.
对于魔法师来说，金矿只是一种矿材。 For magicians, gold ore is just a mineral.
一直到第二天早上，雷木和王叶都没有出现，辛加烈等人也没在意，只当他们还在休息。
Until the next morning, Lei Mu and Wang Ye did not appear, and Xin Jialie and the others didn't care, just when they were still resting.
但分会长对这两人十分感兴趣，特别想要见见他们，尤其是对拥有真实之眼的王叶。
But the branch president was very interested in these two people, and especially wanted to meet them, especially Wang Ye, who had a true eye.
而此时，王叶已经和雷木通过两岛之间的那根长骨通道回到了海沟岛。
At this time, Wang Ye and Lei Mu had already returned to Trench Island through the long bone passage between the two islands.
两人都是不喜欢和人告别的人，也就没和辛加烈和连升打招呼，只在连升的小木屋里留了一张纸条，表示岛上的寄生虫族已经全灭。
Both of them were people who didn't like to say goodbye to people, so they didn't say hello to Singariel and Lian Sheng, and only left a note in Lian Sheng's cabin, indicating that the parasites on the island had been completely wiped out.
托无垢花的福，王叶已经能动用部分能量，不多，但比之前完全不能动用要好得多，好歹虫巢空间能用了。
Thanks to the blessing of the innocent flower, Wang Ye has been able to use some of the energy, not much, but it is much better than not being able to use it at all before, and the nest space can be used.
王叶当即让虫巢空间把那一段脊椎骨化石洞穴连同里面的无垢花全都吞噬，并转移到钟乳洞里。
Wang Ye immediately asked the hive space to devour the section of vertebrae fossil cave and the innocent flowers in it, and transferred it to the stalactite cave.
雷木也看到了虫巢中的惨状。 Remu also saw the tragic situation in the hive.
王叶虽然心疼虫母对虫巢的破坏，但不破不立，他正好让虫巢进行第四次升级，不过这次升级还要再等等，得等他完全恢复。
Although Wang Ye felt sorry for the damage to the insect hive by the insect mother, he did not break it or stand it, he just let the insect hive be upgraded for the fourth time, but this upgrade had to wait a little longer, and he had to wait for him to fully recover.
至于被破坏的二层小楼，王叶就安慰自己那些都是便宜货，东西再买就好，他现在有那么多黄金，已经是有钱人了。
As for the destroyed two-story building, Wang Ye comforted himself that those were all bargains, and it would be good to buy things again, he now has so much gold, and he is already a rich man.
“木木，我得回家一趟。”王叶跟雷木道。 "Mumu, I have to go home." Wang Ye and Lei Mu Dao.
因为今天约好和姑姑一起去拍卖公司给彩珠做鉴定，王叶打算先回地球一趟，等回来再用无垢花炼制炼体药。
Because he made an appointment with his aunt to go to the auction company to appraise the colored beads today, Wang Ye planned to go back to the earth first, and then use the innocent flower to refine the body refining medicine when he came back.
雷木已经知道他是从蓝星群岛来的，而且知道他能来去自如的事，王叶就不用再为了回去地球而每次辛辛苦苦找理由隐瞒雷木……这点真是太棒了！
Lei Mu already knew that he was from the Blue Star Islands, and knew that he could come and go freely, so Wang Ye no longer had to find a reason to hide Lei Mu every time in order to return to Earth...... That's great!
“什么时候回来？”雷木心中忽然冒起一股不舒服的感觉。就好像身边人随时都会离开他，再也不回来，而他丝毫无法掌握对方的行踪。
"When will you be back?" An uncomfortable feeling suddenly rose in Lei Mu's heart. It's as if the people around him will leave him at any time and never come back, and he can't know the whereabouts of the other party at all.
雷木不喜欢这种莫名其妙的失落感，强行无视。 Reimu didn't like this inexplicable sense of loss and forcibly ignored it.
“最迟明天早上，快的话晚上就能回来。”王叶突发奇想，他是不是能把雷木装到虫巢里，偷偷带回地球？
"Tomorrow morning at the latest, and I'll be back in the evening if it's fast." Wang Ye suddenly wondered, could he put Lei Mu into the worm hive and smuggle it back to Earth?
毕竟就游戏来看，地球似乎也是游戏地图的一部分。他既然能在双月星上把雷木装到虫巢里带来带去，那理论上回地球也可以。
After all, as far as the game is concerned, Earth seems to be part of the game's map. Since he can put Lei Mu in the worm hive on the Twin Moon Star and bring it with him, he can theoretically return to Earth.
但为了防止出现什么万一，王叶还是老老实实地先询问了游戏系统：“我能否把活的生物装在我的虫巢空间中带回地球？”
But in order to prevent anything from happening, Wang Ye honestly asked the game system first: "Can I put a living creature in my hive space and bring it back to Earth?" ”
游戏系统秒回：【可以。】 Game system seconds back: [Yes.] 】
王叶狂喜：“那我把雷木放到虫巢空间里，带回地球可以吗？”
Wang Ye was ecstatic: "Then can I put Lei Mu in the insect hive space and bring it back to the earth?" ”
【可以。】 [Yes.] 】
王叶高兴得跳起来，一把抓住雷木：“木木，你要跟我去我家看看吗？”
Wang Ye jumped up happily and grabbed Lei Mu: "Mu Mu, do you want to come with me to my house to have a look?" ”
雷木惊讶，眼中更不由自主带出两分喜悦：“你能带我进入蓝星群岛？”
Lei Mu was surprised, and his eyes couldn't help but bring out two points of joy: "Can you take me into the Blue Star Islands?" ”
“应该可以，你等等，我先试试。”王叶默默对游戏系统说：“传送回地球。”
"It should be possible, you wait, I'll try first." Wang Ye silently said to the game system: "Teleport back to Earth." ”
【玩家隔壁小王是否要携同双月星土著守墓人雷木，以及寄生虫族浮游光虫群，前往新开地图地球？】
[Does Xiao Wang, the player next door, want to bring Lei Mu, the indigenous gravekeeper of the Double Moon Star, and the parasitic Zerg Planktonic Light Insect Swarm to the newly opened map Earth?] 】
啊，忘了还有浮游光虫。王叶出于小心，决定还是不把小光它们带回地球。不过可以先问问能否传送：“能带着浮游光虫群一起吗？”
Ah, forget there's also planktonic light bugs. Out of caution, Wang Ye decided not to bring Xiaoguang back to Earth. But first, you can ask if you can teleport: "Can you take the planktonic light swarm with you?" ”
【请注意，虫巢空间虽然与玩家融合，但每增加一名活的智慧种族，远距离传送都需要消耗高昂的能量。这部分能量需要额外扣除，如果玩家隔壁小王决定携带活的智慧种族一起传送，请准备好一名一万点经验值的能量消耗。】
[Please note that although the hive space is fused with the player, each additional living intelligent race requires a high amount of energy to teleport over long distances.] This part of the energy needs to be deducted additionally, if the player next door Xiao Wang decides to teleport with the living intelligent race, please prepare an energy consumption of 10,000 experience points. 】
“多少？！” "How much?!"
第97章 超帅的雷木 Chapter 97: Super Handsome Reimu
王叶原本已经想好这次就跟雷木说还没准备好，等下次再说，但当他抬头看到雷木眼中隐约的期待时，出口的话就变成了：“木木，可以了，你可以和我一起去我家玩。”
Wang Ye had already thought about telling Lei Mu this time that he was not ready, and he would talk about it next time, but when he looked up and saw the vague expectation in Lei Mu's eyes, the words of the exit became: "Mu Mu, it's okay, you can go to my house with me to play." ”
不就是来回两万经验值嘛！ Isn't it just 20,000 experience points back and forth!
他拼命升级、拼命想要变强为的是什么？ What is it that he is desperately trying to level up and become stronger?
还不就是为了让他的三个娃能开开心心过上好日子。划重点，好日子，还要能开开心心。
It's not just to let his three babies live happily. Make a point, have a good life, and be happy.
现在只不过花费两万经验值，就能让木木开心，为什么不花？
Now it only costs 20,000 experience points to make Mu Mu happy, why not spend it?
他可不想变成那种一心想让家人过得好，拼命工作，结果忽视家人，被家人埋怨，最后人财两失的蠢蛋。
He doesn't want to become the kind of idiot who wants to make his family live well, works hard, but neglects his family, is complained by his family, and finally loses both money and money.
反正他现在的升级速度在所有玩家中应该算是比较快的那一批，既然如此，掉个一两级也没什么，说不定还能从等级第一宝座掉下来，不再那么打眼。
Anyway, his current upgrade speed should be considered a relatively fast batch among all players, in this case, it is nothing to drop one or two levels, maybe he can fall from the first place of the level, and it will no longer be so eye-catching.
王叶现在还不知道他已经稳坐第一宝座，别说掉一两级，就是掉个十级，他也是第一。
Wang Ye still doesn't know that he has firmly sat on the first throne, not to mention dropping one or two levels, even if he drops ten levels, he is also the first.
雷木笑，忽然伸手捏住王小叶的两只耳朵：“说实话，你带我回去要付出什么代价？”
Lei Mu smiled, and suddenly reached out and pinched Wang Xiaoye's two ears: "To be honest, what price do you have to pay for taking me back?" ”
王叶眨眼，刚要说没什么代价，就听雷木道：“你敢说谎试试。”
Wang Ye blinked, and was about to say that there was no price, when he heard Lei Mu say: "You dare to lie." ”
王叶不敢对雷木说谎，他怕在雷木面前信誉度降低，以后木木就不相信他了，但善意的谎言例外。
Wang Ye didn't dare to lie to Lei Mu, he was afraid that his credibility would be reduced in front of Lei Mu, and Mu Mu would not believe him in the future, except for white lies.
王叶一副无可奈何，只好老实交代的模样说道：“是要付出一些代价，代价相当于这边的魔晶，来回需要两枚二级魔晶。”
Wang Ye looked helpless, so he had to explain honestly and said: "It is to pay some price, the price is equivalent to the magic crystal here, and two second-level magic crystals are needed back and forth." ”
“只需要两枚二级魔晶？真的？”雷木怀疑。 "Only need two second-level magic crystals? It's true? Remu was skeptical.
王叶回去蓝星群岛还要带上他，怎么都算得上是超远距离传送。就是普通的传送阵，从一个城市传送到大约千里外的另一个城市，一个人也需要至少一枚三级魔晶。
Wang Ye went back to the Blue Star Islands and took him with him, how could it be regarded as an ultra-long-distance teleportation. Even if it is an ordinary teleportation array, teleporting from one city to another city about thousands of miles away, a person also needs at least one third-level magic crystal.
“当然是真的。你忘了我有虫巢空间，别人回去蓝星不能带这里的东西回去，但我可以把你放到虫巢空间里面。这样计算的能量消耗就会小很多。”王叶半真半假地说。
"Of course it's true. You forgot that I have a hive space, and others can't bring back the things here when they go back, but I can put you in the hive space. In this way, the energy consumption of the calculation will be much smaller. Wang Ye said half-truthfully.
雷木相信了，主要是他认为王小叶就是个小贪财，如果真的会花费很多，应该会跟他实话实说，没必要为了带他回去一趟就花费良多。
Lei Mu believed it, mainly because he thought that Wang Xiaoye was a little greedy for money, and if it really cost a lot, he should tell him the truth, and there was no need to spend a lot of money just to take him back.
“不过带了你，小光它们就不能带了。活的智慧种族带回去，每个都要花费两枚二级魔晶，太贵！”王叶磨牙。
"But if I bring you, I can't bring them. The living intelligent races will cost two second-level magic crystals for each to bring back, which is too expensive! "Wang Ye grinds his teeth.
雷木看到小孩心疼的小模样，失笑，更是半点怀疑都没有了。
Lei Mu saw the child's distressed little appearance, smiled, and had no doubts at all.
小光和浮游光虫群对于可以暂时自由几天的事，没有任何排斥，还很高兴。虽然王叶叮嘱了它们一大堆，这不允许那不允许，还要它们小心躲好，最好别让人看见它们。
Xiaoguang and the planktonic light insect swarm are not repulsed by anything that can be temporarily free for a few days, and they are very happy. Although Wang Ye told them a lot, this is not allowed, and they are not allowed, and they are also required to hide carefully, it is best not to let people see them.
小光咿咿表示它没那么蠢，让王叶放心滚蛋。 Xiaoguang babbled that it was not that stupid, and told Wang Ye to rest assured that he would get out.
王叶翻了个白眼：“现在外面到处都在抓寄生虫族，如果你们被发现被抓，我人在远方，可无法及时赶回来救你们。”
Wang Ye rolled his eyes: "Now there are parasites everywhere outside, if you are found to be caught, I am far away, and I can't rush back in time to save you." ”
小光：“咿！”知道啦，真烦。 Xiaoguang: "Bah! "Got it, it's annoying.
王叶还想再叮嘱两句，就看小光带着它的族群倏然远去，那兴高采烈的模样没有半点不舍。
Wang Ye wanted to say a few more words, but he saw Xiaoguang take his clan away, and his elated appearance was not reluctant at all.
王叶低骂：“一群小没良心的。” Wang Ye scolded in a low voice: "A group of little people who have no conscience." ”
出于对系统收费太贵的怨念，不想浪费这次的高价传送，王叶又拉着雷木跑去海边，这会儿正是海沟岛村人就近打渔回来的时候。
Out of resentment that the system was too expensive, and didn't want to waste this high-priced transmission, Wang Ye pulled Lei Mu and ran to the beach again, which was when the people of Trench Island Village came back from fishing nearby.
渔民会为了赶潮，在天不亮就出海打渔。海沟岛村民没有大船，不会跑远，一般都跟着潮水来去，半夜出船，早上就回来了。
Fishermen will go out to sea before dawn to catch the tide. The villagers of Trench Island do not have big boats, they do not run far, they generally follow the tide to come and go, go out in the middle of the night, and return in the morning.
海沟村人看到王叶和雷木回来，又惊讶又高兴，纷纷招呼他们。
When the people of Haigou Village saw Wang Ye and Lei Mu coming back, they were surprised and happy, and they greeted them one after another.
王叶跟村民们买了很多新鲜的海货，给的价格特别好。 Wang Ye bought a lot of fresh seafood with the villagers, and the price was very good.
村民们直喊着这些海鲜不值钱，想要白送都送不出去。 The villagers shouted that the seafood was worthless and that they couldn't give it away for free.
最后王叶几乎把村民们的收获都买了下来，全都囤放在他的虫巢保鲜区。
In the end, Wang Ye bought almost all the villagers' harvest and hoarded it all in his hive preservation area.
他还想买一些山珍野味，不过今天已经来不及，只能等下次。
He also wanted to buy some wild game, but it was too late today, so he had to wait for the next time.
王叶把雷木送入虫巢，为了不让系统再从他身上多薅一根毛，传送时再次脱得光光。
Wang Ye sent Lei Mu into the hive, and in order to prevent the system from picking another hair from him, he stripped naked again when he teleported.
烟花下的寂寞今天休息，从游戏出来后，他一时不想再上游戏，就一边吃早饭，一边刷论坛，他想找找看有没有快速升级的攻略。
The loneliness under the fireworks rests today.,After coming out of the game,He didn't want to play the game again for a while.,Just eat breakfast.,While scrolling through the forum.,He wants to find out if there is a strategy for rapid upgrades.。
上次隔壁小王发的那个帖子虽然干货满满，但寄生虫族真的太不好找了，至今为止还没有人发现寄生虫族，更别说虫巢。
Although the post posted by Xiao Wang next door last time was full of dry goods, the parasite is really hard to find, and no one has found the parasite so far, let alone the hive.
玩家们对寻找寄生虫族的兴趣不减，可也不妨碍他们去做其他任务。
Players are still interested in finding parasites, but that doesn't stop them from doing other tasks.
咦？烟花下的寂寞扫过玩家等级排行榜，忽然发现排在第一的隔壁小王似乎和昨天晚上看到的有点不一样。
Hey? The loneliness under the fireworks swept through the player level rankings, and suddenly found that Xiao Wang, who was in the first place, seemed to be a little different from what he saw last night.
他还在想到底哪里不一样，就有人买了世界喇叭狂喊：“隔壁小王掉级啦！从十六级掉到了十五级，他一定死了一次！哈哈哈！”
He was still thinking about what was different, and someone bought a world loudspeaker and shouted: "The little king next door has dropped the level!" Falling from level sixteen to level fifteen, he must have died once! Hahaha! ”
烟花下的寂寞无语半天：这什么人呐，隔壁小王掉个级都能这么高兴。
The loneliness under the fireworks was speechless for a long time: What kind of person is this, Xiao Wang next door can be so happy when he drops a level.
之后，烟花下的寂寞发现他out了，竟然不止一个人买世界喇叭表达他们的兴奋之情，除了这些花钱对全世界喊话的傻雕，更多人拼命发帖。
After that, the loneliness under the fireworks found that he was out, and more than one person bought a world speaker to express their excitement, in addition to these stupid eagles who spent money to shout to the world, more people desperately posted.
“震惊！隔壁小王死了！” "Shocked! The little king next door is dead! ”
“隔壁小王之死为哪般？” "What is the death of the little king next door?"
“想知道隔壁小王的死因吗？看进来！” "Do you want to know the cause of Xiao Wang's death next door? Look inside! ”
“我亲眼见到隔壁小王的死亡现场！” "I saw the scene of Xiao Wang's death next door!"
于是，今天一大早起来打开游戏论坛的人看到全是这样类似的帖子。
So, people who got up early this morning and opened the game forum saw all such similar posts.
至于帖子的内容？全都是开局一张图，内容全靠编！ As for the content of the post? It's all a picture at the beginning, and the content is all up to the editor!
而且那图还是昨晚和今早等级排行榜的截图，只隔壁小王名字后面的等级数被重点圈出。
And that picture is still a screenshot of the level ranking last night and this morning, only the number of levels behind Xiao Wang's name next door is highlighted.
就凭这一张图，无数人断定隔壁小王肯定死了，因为这破游戏的死亡惩罚之一就是掉级。
Based on this picture, countless people concluded that Xiao Wang next door must be dead, because one of the death penalties for this broken game is to drop the level.
众人对于隔壁小王死因的猜测各种各样，烟花下的寂寞只略微扫了几个比较火的帖子，就发现隔壁小王的死法已经不下一百种。
Everyone speculated about the cause of Xiao Wang's death next door, and the loneliness under the fireworks only swept a few popular posts, and found that there were no less than a hundred ways for Xiao Wang next door to die.
众玩家包括一些不是玩家的人，似乎对于隔壁小王的死都是喜闻乐见，就差没有鸣炮欢庆。
The players, including some who are not players, seem to be happy about the death of Xiao Wang next door, and they almost don't fire a cannon to celebrate.
烟花下的寂寞翻了几页，发现都是类似内容，就懒得再看，拿着手机打算出门。家里已经没什么吃的了，他得去超市屯点货。
The loneliness under the fireworks flipped through a few pages, and found that they were all similar content, so I didn't bother to look at it anymore, and took my mobile phone to go out. There was nothing left to eat at home, so he had to go to the supermarket to stock up on some goods.
刚打开防盗门，就看到电梯门打开，一名三十多岁的大姐从电梯里出来。
As soon as I opened the security door, I saw the elevator door open, and an eldest sister in her thirties came out of the elevator.
“小于啊，早上好。”大姐亲切地跟他打招呼，还帮忙按住了电梯。
"Good morning." The eldest sister greeted him cordially and helped hold down the elevator.
“王姐早。”烟花下的寂寞，真名于兵，快步走进电梯，对这位才搬来没几天的大姐笑了笑，扫了眼她拎着的塑料袋，随口道：“哇，你买了好多早点，今天家里来人？”
"Sister Wang, early." The loneliness under the fireworks, whose real name is Yu Bing, walked into the elevator quickly, smiled at the eldest sister who had only moved here for a few days, glanced at the plastic bag she was carrying, and said casually: "Wow, you bought a lot of breakfast, someone from the house today?" ”
王姐特别高兴地说：“是啊，我侄子今天过来，别看他小，可能吃了。”
Sister Wang said happily: "Yes, my nephew came over today, don't look at him as small, he may eat." ”
早上用电梯的人多，两人就聊了这两句，就各自分开。 There were many people using the elevator in the morning, so the two chatted about these two sentences and separated.
王沐拎着一大堆早点打开防盗门，看着整洁明亮的屋子，露出笑脸。
Wang Mu carried a large number of anti-theft doors to open early, looked at the neat and bright room, and showed a smiling face.
她和拍卖公司约的鉴定时间是上午十点半，现在是八点不到。如果小叶子今天回来，应该马上就要到了。
The appraisal time she made with the auction company was half past ten in the morning, and it was now less than eight o'clock. If Xiao Yezi comes back today, it should be there soon.
果然，等王沐刚把买来的早点一一拿出来摆好，就听身后传来动静。
Sure enough, when Wang Mu just took out the breakfast he bought one by one and put it away, he heard movement behind him.
“姑，别回头，等我先穿上衣服！”王叶火急火忙地喊。
"Aunt, don't look back, wait for me to get dressed first!" Wang Yehuo hurriedly shouted.
王沐绽开笑脸，嘴上说着：“小不点一个，现在就知道害羞了，你什么样姑姑没见过？”但还是等足了一分钟才回头。
Wang Mu smiled and said, "If you don't order one, you know that you are shy now, what kind of aunt have you never seen?" But he waited a minute before turning back.
王叶已经把衣裤都穿好，闻着早点香味就扑过来：“姑姑，你真是我肚子里的蛔虫，你怎么知道我还没有吃早饭？”
Wang Ye had already put on his clothes and pants, and pounced when he smelled the fragrance of the morning: "Auntie, you are really a roundworm in my stomach, how do you know that I haven't eaten breakfast yet?" ”
“我想着你要是已经吃过，我就留着当……”转过头的王沐张大嘴，呆呆地看着王叶身边的高大男子。
"I thought that if you have already eaten it, I will keep it as a ......" Wang Mu, who turned his head, opened his mouth wide and looked at the tall man beside Wang Ye blankly.
王叶看向雷木，也愣了愣。刚刚雷木从虫巢出来时可不是这样。
Wang Ye looked at Lei Mu and was also stunned. It wasn't like that when Raimu came out of the hive just now.
雷木把遮掩容貌的大帽子放了下来，露出了头脸。 Reimu lowered the large hat that concealed his face, revealing his head and face.
但此时的他不仅额头双角不见了，他脸上和身上宛如刺青的文字也不见了。这样的雷木看上去又高又帅，原本五官的优点都被突显出来。
But at this time, not only the two horns of his forehead were missing, but the tattoo-like words on his face and body were also missing. This kind of Lei Mu looks tall and handsome, and the advantages of the original facial features are highlighted.
雷木嘴角勾起微笑，他就知道王叶会惊讶。这也是他进一步掌握自身血脉后得到的新本领。
The corners of Lei Mu's mouth hooked into a smile, and he knew that Wang Ye would be surprised. This is also a new skill he has acquired after further mastering his own bloodline.
想要做到这一点其实很简单，只要把魔族血脉和精灵血脉隐藏起来，让人族血脉浮在最上层就可以。
To do this, it's actually very simple, just hide the demon bloodline and the elf bloodline, and let the human bloodline float at the top.
当然只是说起来简单，真正想要做到这点并不容易。 Of course, it's easy to say, but it's not easy to really do that.
王叶被雷木帅得一脸血，他的木木现在好亮眼啊，出去保证能迷倒一片。他原本还想给木木弄个帽子、口罩和墨镜，现在都不需要了。
Wang Ye was handsome by Lei Mu and his face was bloody, his Mu Mu is so eye-catching now, he is guaranteed to be fascinated when he goes out. He originally wanted to get a hat, mask, and sunglasses for Mumu, but now he doesn't need them.
王叶抬头看他姑傻眼的模样，嘿嘿一笑，扯了扯他姑，介绍道：“姑，这是我师兄雷木，他对我可好了。我师父不放心我一个人回来，就让我师兄陪我一起回来了。”
Wang Ye looked up at his aunt's dumbfounded appearance, smiled, pulled his aunt, and introduced: "Aunt, this is my senior brother Lei Mu, he is good to me." My master didn't worry about me coming back alone, so he asked my senior brother to come back with me. ”
正好奇打量周围环境的雷木完全听不懂王叶现在说的语言，但他能感觉出王叶是在跟他家人介绍他，就对王沐尊重地行了个双月星通用礼仪，单手握拳置于心脏上方，欠身致意：“夫人，您好。”
Lei Mu, who was curiously looking at his surroundings, couldn't understand the language Wang Ye was speaking now, but he could feel that Wang Ye was introducing him to his family, so he respectfully performed the general etiquette of the Double Moon Star to Wang Mu, put one hand into a fist above his heart, and bowed in greeting: "Madam, hello." ”
王沐呆滞，她听不懂雷木的话，但她能看出对方对她的尊重，她还是第一次被人如此郑重其事地行礼。
Wang Mu was sluggish, she couldn't understand Lei Mu's words, but she could see the other party's respect for her, and it was the first time she was saluted so solemnly.
震惊过后，王沐慌忙招呼道：“哎呀，原来是小叶子的师兄，雷木是吧，快坐，快请坐！你想喝些什么？我买了豆浆还有牛奶，你要喝茶的话，你等等，我现在去烧水。”
After the shock, Wang Mu hurriedly greeted: "Oh, it turned out to be Xiao Yezi's senior brother, Lei Mu is, sit down, please sit down!" What would you like to drink? I bought soy milk and milk, if you want to drink tea, you wait, I'll go boil water now. ”
“姑，不用客气啦，木木是自己人。对了，他从小在外国长大，听不懂我们这儿的话。”王叶抓了根油条，一边吃，一边摆手。
"Aunt, you're welcome, Mu Mu is his own person. By the way, he grew up in a foreign country and couldn't understand what we were talking about. Wang Ye grabbed a fritter and waved his hand while eating.
王沐吐气：原来是外国人啊，怪不得长这样。 Wang Mu exhaled: It turned out to be a foreigner, no wonder it looks like this.
雷木摸摸自己的脸，有点担心他现在的容貌是否有些丑陋。他还没看过自己去掉天生刺青文字的模样。
Remu touched his face, a little worried about whether his current appearance was a little ugly. He hadn't seen what he looked like when he had removed the tattoo text he was born with.
王叶一看雷木表情就知道他在想什么，当即就推雷木去卫生间，让他照镜子。
Wang Ye knew what he was thinking as soon as he saw Lei Mu's expression, and immediately pushed Lei Mu to the bathroom and asked him to look in the mirror.
王沐还是去烧水了，家里难得来客人，又是小叶子的师兄，当然要款待好。
Wang Mu still went to boil water, it was rare for a guest to come to the house, and he was Xiao Yezi's senior brother, of course, he had to be entertained.
王叶也抓着油条挤进卫生间，不住夸赞：“木木，你现在好帅好帅，帅呆了！”
Wang Ye also grabbed the fritters and squeezed into the bathroom, and couldn't stop praising him: "Mumu, you are so handsome now, handsome!" ”
雷木看到镜子中自己的脸，放下了担心，帅不帅他不知道，但好歹是张正常的脸。
Lei Mu saw his face in the mirror and let go of his worries, he didn't know if he was handsome or not, but it was a normal face.
“我想学习你们这里的语言。” "I want to learn your language here."
“好啊。木木你这么聪明，精神力又比较强大，学习语言肯定很快。走，我先带你参观我家，不好意思，我家不大，而且这房子是租的。”
"Okay. Mu Mu, you are so smart, and your mental power is relatively strong, you must learn the language very quickly. Let's go, I'll show you around my house first, I'm sorry, my house is not big, and this house is rented. ”
“租房？”雷木从卫生间里出来。 "Renting?" Raimu came out of the bathroom.
“我们家在这边很穷的，属于买不起房子的那种穷人。”王叶坦言。他既然带雷木过来，就没想过要隐瞒自己的家境。
"Our family is very poor here, the kind of poor people who can't afford to buy a house." Wang Ye said frankly. Since he brought Lei Mu over, he didn't think about hiding his family background.
“是吗？你现在有那么多黄金，应该能买得起房了吧？”雷木并不在乎小叶子的穷富，就凭小叶子的本事，他想要变成大富豪还不简单？
"Really? You have so much gold now, you should be able to afford a house, right? "Lei Mu doesn't care about Xiao Yezi's wealth, just with Xiao Yezi's ability, it's not easy for him to become a rich man?
莫欺少年穷，这话在哪里都通用。 Don't bully young people into poverty, this saying is common everywhere.
王叶苦恼道：“黄金太多也不好，不好兑换，而且容易引人注目。我今天回来，就是打算卖掉海沟村送我的那两颗彩珠。”
Wang Ye said bitterly: "Too much gold is not good, it is not easy to exchange, and it is easy to attract attention. When I came back today, I was going to sell the two colored beads that Trench Village gave me. ”
这套房不大，两人很快就转完。 This suite is not big, and the two of them quickly finished it.
雷木对电灯、电冰箱、空调等一系列电器最感兴趣，不过这些电器他有些已经在王叶的虫巢中看到过，已经有了心理准备，就不算太震惊。
Lei Mu was most interested in a series of electrical appliances such as electric lights, refrigerators, and air conditioners, but some of these electrical appliances had already been seen in Wang Ye's hive, and he was already mentally prepared, so he was not too shocked.
而且把这些电器设备换想为魔法器具，把电力当做魔力，那一切就很好理解和接受了。
And if you think of these electrical devices as magic tools, and electricity as magic, then everything is easy to understand and accept.
雷木站在阳台上看向窗外，对外面的高楼大厦和密集的住宅空间很是惊叹，这是一个和双月星完全不同的世界。他对王叶、对蓝星群岛有很多疑问，但他不想小叶子为难，就没问。
Lei Mu stood on the balcony and looked out the window, amazed by the tall buildings and dense residential spaces outside, this is a completely different world from the double moon star. He had a lot of questions about Wang Ye and the Blue Star Islands, but he didn't want Xiao Ye to be embarrassed, so he didn't ask.
“你们这里……” "You ...... here"
“怎样？”王叶担心雷木会排斥地球的环境，或者待得不舒服。
"How?" Wang Ye was worried that Lei Mu would repel the earth's environment or stay uncomfortable.
对于雷木是否会携带病菌或非地球物质进入地球，从而改变地球生态平衡的问题，王叶并不担心。他实体来往两边，如果有问题，早发生了，游戏系统大概也不会允许。
Wang Ye is not worried about whether Lei Mu will carry germs or non-earth materials into the earth, thereby changing the ecological balance of the earth. He physically goes back and forth between the two sides, and if there is a problem, it has already happened, and the game system probably won't allow it.
而且真世界真全息的《极度危险》都出现了，地球将来必定会有不小的变化。他和雷木来往地球和双月星，应该也只是顺应了这个大形势。
And the real world and the real holographic "Extreme Danger" have appeared, and the earth will definitely have a lot of changes in the future. He and Lei Mu traveled back and forth between the Earth and the Twin Moon Stars, and they should have only adapted to this general situation.
就算不是，地球还会少一个外星人吗？ Even if it weren't, would there be one less alien on Earth?
从古至今，天知道地球被外星人光顾多少遍了，说不定现在地球就有不少外星人潜伏。王叶如此深信着。
From ancient times to the present, God knows how many times the Earth has been visited by aliens, and maybe there are many aliens lurking on the Earth now. Wang Ye was so convinced.
雷木抚摸光滑的阳台墙砖：“发展得很好啊，房子里的装饰虽然简单，但看起来很舒服，功能区分布也很合理。”
Lei Mu stroked the smooth balcony wall tiles: "It is very well developed, although the decoration in the house is simple, it looks very comfortable, and the distribution of functional areas is also very reasonable." ”
“你喜欢就好。”王叶傻乐。 "If you like it." Wang Ye silly music.
说实话，钟山市乃至地球这边的生活给他带来的记忆大多都是不愉快和痛苦，但子不嫌母丑、狗不嫌家贫，他对这个名为家乡的城市仍旧十分在意。
To be honest, most of the memories brought to him by life in Zhongshan City and even on this side of the earth are unpleasant and painful, but the son does not dislike the ugly mother and the dog does not dislike the poverty, and he still cares very much about this city called his hometown.
如今见雷木真心实意地称赞他租来的房子和他的家乡，王叶忍不住就生出了一股自豪感。
Now seeing Lei Mu sincerely praising his rented house and his hometown, Wang Ye couldn't help but feel a sense of pride.
“木木，我们去吃早餐，可不能浪费了我姑姑的一片心意。我闻到奶茶味儿了，我姑肯定在给你煮奶茶，我姑煮的奶茶可好喝了。等会儿你可要可劲吃，你要是能把所有端上来的食物吃光，我姑会更高兴。”
"Mumu, let's go to breakfast, we can't waste a piece of my aunt's heart. I smell the smell of milk tea, my aunt must be cooking milk tea for you, my aunt's milk tea is delicious. You'll have to eat it later, and my aunt will be happier if you can eat all the food that has been served. ”
雷木眼中浮起笑意，知道王叶是在通过这种方式让他放松：“好。”
A smile appeared in Lei Mu's eyes, knowing that Wang Ye was making him relax in this way: "Okay." ”
早餐很丰富，雷木对于这种不同于双月星的早点，接受力上佳，不管是油条豆浆，还是肉包奶黄包，包括胡辣汤和皮蛋瘦肉粥，他都吃得津津有味。
The breakfast is very rich, Lei Mu has a good acceptance of this kind of breakfast that is different from Shuangyuexing, whether it is fried dough soy milk, or meat buns and custard buns, including Hu spicy soup and preserved egg and lean porridge, he eats it with relish.
雷木还跟王叶学了竖大拇指夸赞王沐，表示奶茶很好喝。
Lei Mu also learned from Wang Ye to give a thumbs up and praise Wang Mu, saying that the milk tea was very delicious.
看雷木不排斥她买来和亲手做出的早餐，一大一小更是好胃口地把所有早餐一扫而空，王沐笑得合不拢口。
Seeing that Lei Mu did not reject the breakfast she bought and made by herself, one big and one small were even more appetizing and swept away all the breakfasts, Wang Mu smiled from ear to ear.
一家三口（？）愉快地吃完早餐，就打车去了拍卖公司。
A family of three (?) After a pleasant breakfast, I took a taxi to the auction house.
出发前，王叶还跑去家门口的大超市给雷木从里到外买了一身衣服，让他换上。
Before leaving, Wang Ye also went to the big supermarket at the door of his house to buy a set of clothes for Lei Mu from the inside out and asked him to change into.
衣服是最普通的短袖衬衫和牛仔裤，但雷木身材好，五官立体，气质上佳，什么衣服都能上身，不是衣服衬他，是他衬衣服，就是最简单的服装，他也能穿出模特感。
The clothes are the most ordinary short-sleeved shirts and jeans, but Lei Mu has a good figure, three-dimensional facial features, good temperament, and can wear any clothes.
王沐看得不住啧啧，都不好意思盯着雷木看。 Wang Mu couldn't help but sigh, and he was embarrassed to stare at Lei Mu.
王叶老骄傲了，也不知道雷木长得好，他骄傲什么。 Wang Yelao was proud, and he didn't know what Lei Mu was proud of.
雷木对新衣服适应很快，对地球适应更快，不管他心里有多么震惊，他的表现就不像是第一次来地球的外星人。
王叶小心惯了，途中换了两辆出租。
王沐对侄子这样的谨慎非常赞成，他们在车上都没有多说拍卖和彩珠的事，一路上，王叶就在教雷木说华夏语。雷木则看着窗外，看得目不暇接。
出租车司机也只当雷木是个来钟山市游玩的老外。
而每次下车等车，雷木都会吸引来不少路人目光。
钟山市人见惯了老外，但真的很少见到有这么帅的。也有人认为雷木是少数民族，因为雷木黑发黑眼。
王叶见此情形，忽然抓住雷木的手，见到谁多看雷木一眼，他就狠狠瞪过去。
雷木早就习惯了王小叶对他的占有欲，敲敲他的脑门，让他少对普通人释放杀气。
王叶哼了哼，总算收敛了点。 Wang Ye snorted, and finally relented a little.
“就是这里吧？定坤商业大厦。”王沐半点没察觉出侄子对他师兄的异样占有欲，看着手机导航图，对比眼前的大楼，说道。
"This is it, right? Dingkun Commercial Building. Wang Mu didn't notice his nephew's strange possessiveness towards his senior brother, looked at the mobile phone navigation map, compared the building in front of him, and said.
王叶挥手：“进去问问就知道了。” Wang Ye waved his hand: "Just go in and ask." ”
第98章 去做鉴定 Chapter 98: Go for an appraisal
宝利庆拍卖行是亚洲最大拍卖行，世界十大拍卖行之一，于五十五年前成立于华夏首都，在拍卖界有着巨大影响力。
As the largest auction house in Asia and one of the top ten auction houses in the world, Baoliqing Auction House was established in the capital of China 55 years ago and has a huge influence in the auction world.
钟山市作为一线城市，这边也有该拍卖行的一个办事处，主营鉴定业务，同时帮助推荐拍卖品给总公司。
As a first-tier city, Zhongshan also has an office of the auction house, which is mainly engaged in appraisal business and helps recommend auction items to the head office.
该公司每天都要接待很多过来鉴定的人，他们也习惯了来鉴定的人张口就说自己带来的是家传之宝、传世之宝等等。
The company receives a lot of people who come to the appraisal every day, and they are also accustomed to the people who come to the appraisal and say that they bring family heirlooms, heirlooms, and so on.
但实际上被他们鉴定的绝大多数“家传宝物、绝世宝物”都是不值钱的普通货色，或者干脆就是假货。
But in fact, most of the "family heirlooms and peerless treasures" identified by them are worthless ordinary goods, or simply fakes.
接待员看到推开玻璃门走进来的奇怪三人组合，重点看向雷木，堆起职业笑容，礼貌询问：“你们好，请问你们是来我公司做鉴定的吗？”
The receptionist saw the strange trio who pushed open the glass door and walked in, focused on Lei Mu, put on a professional smile, and asked politely: "Hello, are you here to do an appraisal in my company?" ”
王沐被侄子轻轻推了推，走上前：“你好，是的，我们和你们公司有预约，约的十点半做鉴定。”
Wang Mu was gently pushed by his nephew and stepped forward: "Hello, yes, we have an appointment with your company, and we will do the appraisal at half past ten." ”
接待员很有职业道德，见和自己说话的是三人中的年长女子，而不是最帅的那个青年，也没有减少笑容。亲切询问了王沐的姓名，从电脑中找出相关信息，叫了一名工作人员过来。
The receptionist had a very professional ethic, and when he saw that it was the older woman of the three who was talking to him, not the most handsome young man, he did not reduce his smile. Cordially asked Wang Mu's name, found out the relevant information from the computer, and called a staff member to come over.
工作人员自称引导员，带领三人进入一个很大的会议室。
The staff member, who called himself a guide, led the three into a large conference room.
“请三位在这里稍等，把你们要鉴定的东西准备好，等到了你们，我会来请诸位。”引导员又手指会议室里的长桌：“这里有点心和饮料，请诸位随意，不用客气。”
"Please wait here, prepare what you want to identify, and when it comes to you, I will come to you." The guide pointed to the long table in the conference room again: "There are snacks and drinks here, please feel free, you're welcome." ”
王沐道谢，三人随便找了个角落坐下。他们来得比较早，还得再等一会儿。
Wang Mu thanked him, and the three of them casually found a corner and sat down. They came early, and they had to wait a little longer.
王叶就见这间会议室里另外还有两组人在等待。 Wang Ye saw that there were two other groups of people waiting in this conference room.
一组貌似是一对父子，父亲大约六七十岁，儿子大约四十左右。老头手里抱着一个黑色的包，他儿子让他放下来他都不肯。
One group appeared to be a father and son, the father was about sixty or seventy years old, and the son was about forty. The old man was holding a black bag in his hand, and his son told him to put it down, but he refused to put it down.
另一组人也是三人，一对年长夫妇，带着一名大约十七八岁、看起来有些桀骜的少年。
The other group was also three, an elderly couple, with a teenager of about seventeen or eighteen years old, who looked a little unruly.
王叶三人在打量那两组人，那两组人也在打量王叶三人。
Wang Ye and the three of them were looking at the two groups of people, and the two groups of people were also looking at the three of Wang Ye.
但可能是都带了宝贝前来的缘故？大家都没有攀谈的意思。
But maybe it's because they brought their babies here? No one had the intention of talking.
很快，大家动作就变得一致，除了那位老人，全都在低头玩手机。
Soon, everyone's movements became the same, except for the old man, who was all playing with their phones down.
就是雷木也在让王叶教他怎么用手机，他现在对智能手机特别感兴趣。
Even Lei Mu is asking Wang Ye to teach him how to use his mobile phone, and he is now particularly interested in smartphones.
王叶打算等会儿就给雷木也买一个。 Wang Ye plans to buy one for Lei Mu after a while.
因为两人说话声音低，又说的是双月星通用语，别人都听不懂他们在说什么。
王沐很紧张，彩珠就装在她的手提包里，她越是想要装出不在意这个包的样子，就越是抓得紧。
Wang Mu was very nervous, the colored beads were in her handbag, and the more she wanted to pretend that she didn't care about the bag, the more she grabbed it.
王叶为了缓解他姑的紧张，干脆帮她下载《极度危险》的游戏论坛，先帮她注册了一个ID。
In order to relieve his aunt's nervousness, Wang Ye simply helped her download the game forum of "Extreme Danger" and registered an ID for her first.
“这叫抢注。这个游戏将来会越来越火，ID都是唯一的，越到后面名字就越不好取。”王叶低声解释。
就是现在，王沐已经换了好几个名字，都没有显示通过。
Even now, Wang Mu has changed several names, but none of them have passed.
“姑，你再想几个名字，不要和真名有关的。”
王沐注意力被转移，紧张感顿时消失：“就叫姑姑吧。”
王叶喷笑：“姑，你这是占所有人便宜呢。不行，这个名字无法通过，像这种爸爸妈妈之类的称谓都不行，改成咕咕吧，另外你得再加点什么。”
王沐也笑起来：“那就叫帅哥的咕咕好了。” Wang Mu also laughed: "Then it's better to call the handsome guy's goo." ”
王沐说完，赶紧欲盖弥彰地道：“你长大了肯定是帅哥。”
After Wang Mu finished speaking, he hurriedly said with a smile: "You will definitely be a handsome guy when you grow up." ”
王叶冲他姑扮了个鬼脸。他心知肚明他姑说的帅哥是谁，他家木木就是这么吸引人~
Wang Ye grimaced at his aunt. He knew who the handsome guy his aunt was talking about, and his Mumu was so attractive~
王沐笑骂着，拍了下侄子脑袋。爱美之心人皆有之，她对雷木也没有其他想法，只是单纯地喜欢帅哥而已，尤其这个帅哥还是她侄子的师兄，王沐完全是爱屋及乌。
Wang Mu scolded with a smile and patted his nephew's head. Everyone has a love for beauty, and she has no other thoughts about Lei Mu, she just simply likes handsome guys, especially this handsome guy is also her nephew's senior brother, Wang Mu completely loves the house and Wu.
王叶嘿嘿笑：“姑姑，我才知道你竟然是颜……爱美色的，别否认了，否认就是承认。”
Wang Ye smiled: "Auntie, I just knew that you were Yan ...... If you love beauty, don't deny it, denial is admitted. ”
“你能了，还调侃起你姑姑来了。”王沐瞪侄子。天知道她多喜欢侄子现在这副活泼的调皮样，她想小叶子的师父和师兄一定对小叶子很好，否则小叶子的性情不可能改变这么多。
"You can, and you joked that your aunt was here." Wang Mu glared at his nephew. God knows how much she likes her nephew's lively and naughty appearance now, she thinks that Xiao Yezi's master and senior brother must be very good to Xiao Yezi, otherwise Xiao Yezi's temperament would not have changed so much.
雷木不知道这对姑侄在笑闹什么，但看他们开心，他也笑起来。
Remu didn't know what the pair of aunts and nephews were laughing about, but seeing that they were happy, he laughed too.
“哎呀，竟然通过了。”王叶小声怪叫：“完了，以后姑姑就变成帅哥的咕咕了，不叫你姑姑的都不是帅哥。”
"Oops, it passed." Wang Ye whispered: "It's over, my aunt will become a handsome guy in the future, and those who don't call your aunt are not handsome guys." ”
王沐这才反应过来她这个名字还有另一重含义，被逗得直笑。
Only then did Wang Mu realize that her name had another meaning, and he was amused.
雷木伸头看，但他看不懂华夏语，就问王叶这是什么。 Lei Mu stretched out his head to look, but he couldn't understand Huaxia, so he asked Wang Ye what it was.
王叶还不知道要如何把双月星被地球人当做游戏世界的事告诉雷木，他决定顺其自然，就道：“这是一种在地球刚开始推广的全息游戏，叫《极度危险》。全息就是感受非常真实，哦，地球是蓝星群岛的另一个名字，我们这边的人更习惯称自己为地球人。这个游戏似乎能提高玩家的精神力，我希望我姑也玩这个游戏，就给她先注册了。等卖了彩珠，就给她买一台游戏舱。”
Wang Ye didn't know how to tell Lei Mu about the fact that the Double Moon Star was regarded as a game world by the earthlings, so he decided to go with the flow and said: "This is a holographic game that has just been promoted on the earth, called "Extreme Danger". Holographic is to feel very real, oh, Earth is another name for the Blue Star Islands, and people on our side are more used to calling themselves Earthlings. This game seems to improve the player's mental power, and I hope my aunt will play this game too, so I will register her first. When the beads are sold, I will buy her a game pod. ”
“全息游戏？我能玩吗？”雷木对此很好奇。 "Holographic games? Can I play? Remu was curious.
王叶咕哝：“你现在就在玩，地球就是你的全息游戏场。”
Wang Ye muttered: "You are playing now, the earth is your holographic playground." ”
雷木明白了全息的意思，笑起来：“倒也是。我先在地球玩吧，这个游戏不急，免得我玩不过来。”
Remu understood the meaning of holographic and laughed: "It's the same." I'll play it on Earth first, this game is not in a hurry, lest I can't play it. ”
王叶再次突发奇想：如果他给雷木也搞一台游戏舱，给雷木也注册一个游戏ID，那雷木能跟玩家一样玩游戏并升级吗？
Wang Ye had a whim again: if he built a game pod for Lei Mu and registered a game ID for Lei Mu, would Lei Mu be able to play the game and level up like a player?
不过使用游戏舱的话，雷木恐怕就无法真身进入两边世界，这样似乎也没多大意义？
However, if you use the game pod, I'm afraid that Thunderwood won't be able to enter the two worlds in person, so it doesn't seem to make much sense?
十点整，引导员进来，请了那对父子跟他一起去鉴定室。
At ten o'clock, the guide came in and invited the father and son to go to the appraisal room with him.
王叶和雷木耳朵尖，听到走廊有人骂骂咧咧。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu had sharp ears, and they heard someone scolding in the corridor.
听那意思，似乎鉴定结果很不理想。 Listening to that, it seems that the results of the appraisal are very unsatisfactory.
那桀骜少年大概在会议室待得无聊，就走到会议室门口去看热闹。
The rebellious boy was probably bored in the conference room, so he walked to the door of the conference room to watch the excitement.
因为会议室门打开的缘故，外面的骂声越发清晰。 Because the door of the conference room was open, the scolding outside became clearer and clearer.
王叶听到老妇人的尖锐声音，那老妇人在骂这家拍卖公司的鉴定师都是瞎子，没真本事，就是糊弄人的。
Wang Ye heard the old woman's sharp voice, and the old woman was scolding the appraisers of this auction company for being blind, having no real skills, and just fooling people.
旁边有人在劝老妇人。 Someone next to her was persuading the old woman.
老妇人好像被气哭了，说这就是他们家传媳不传女的传家宝，如果不是家里急需要钱，她也不会拿出来卖。又说这东西她戴了五十多年，怎么可能是假的。
The old woman seemed to be angry and cried, saying that this was the heirloom of their family heirloom and that if it wasn't for the family's urgent need for money, she wouldn't take it out and sell it. She also said that she had been wearing this thing for more than 50 years, how could it be a fake.
她的家人就劝她再去其他地方鉴定看看。 Her family persuaded her to go elsewhere for identification.
王叶听得好奇，加上也等得无聊，就也走了出去。 Wang Ye listened curiously, and he was bored waiting, so he also walked out.
他一动，雷木和王沐自然也跟了过去。 As soon as he moved, Lei Mu and Wang Mu naturally followed.
有工作人员出来劝解老妇人，语调温柔，但意思很明确：如果不相信他们拍卖行的鉴定结果，可以去其他地方，没必要在他们公司里闹腾，再闹鉴定结果也不会改变。
A staff member came out to persuade the old woman, and her tone was gentle, but the meaning was very clear: if you don't believe in the appraisal results of their auction house, you can go to other places, there is no need to make trouble in their company, and the appraisal results will not change if you make trouble.
老妇人气坏了，指着自己的鼻子说：“你们说我拿的是假货，不就是说我是骗子、是瞎子？更让我家人都看了我笑话。就允许你们随便给出鉴定结果，就不允许我抱怨几句？”
The old woman was angry, pointed to her nose and said, "You say that I am a fake, don't you mean that I am a liar and a blind person?" It made my family laugh at me. You are allowed to give the results of the appraisal casually, and I am not allowed to complain? ”
工作人员可能遇到过很多难缠的客人，对此反应就是先道歉，然后表示他们鉴定师能力有限，欢迎客人到其他地方再做鉴定。
The staff may have encountered a lot of difficult guests, and the response is to apologize and then say that their appraiser capacity is limited, and guests are welcome to go elsewhere for another appraisal.
老妇人可能是被家人嘲笑了，面子上过不去，但见工作人员态度柔软，也慢慢平息了怒火。
The old woman may have been ridiculed by her family and couldn't get over her face, but seeing the soft attitude of the staff, she slowly calmed down her anger.
偏偏就在事态快要平息之时，老妇人身后一个三十左右、穿黄色连身裙的女子不知接了谁的电话还是微信，竟然对着手机张口就道：“鉴定过了，不值钱。别指望了，我都说了传家宝这事就不能信。你还让我特地请假跑一趟，浪费我时间！”
But just when the situation was about to subside, a woman in her thirties and wearing a yellow dress behind the old woman didn't know whose call or WeChat she answered, and she opened her mouth into the mobile phone and said: "It's been identified, it's not worth it." Don't count on it, I can't believe it when I say family heirlooms. You also asked me to take a special leave of absence to run, wasting my time! ”
另外两名安抚老妇人的男女皆愤怒地瞪向那名黄裙女。 The other two men and women who were comforting the old woman glared angrily at the woman in the yellow dress.
工作人员暗中叫糟。 The staff secretly shouted badly.
老妇人身体颤抖，突然对工作人员道：“我这项链不可能是假货，一定是你们鉴定师看错了。我要求更换鉴定师，要更好的。”
The old woman's body trembled, and she suddenly said to the staff: "My chain can't be a fake, it must be your appraiser who has seen it wrong." I'm asking for a change of appraiser, for a better one. ”
工作人员头疼，皱眉道：“很抱歉，只有本公司鉴定师对鉴定结果有争议的情况下，我们才会从总公司那边安排更高级的鉴定师过来进行鉴定。但您的鉴定物已经由我们办事处三位鉴定师共同断定没有拍卖价值，还请理解。”
The staff had a headache and frowned: "I'm sorry, only if the company's appraiser disputes the appraisal results, we will arrange a more senior appraiser from the head office to come over for appraisal." However, please understand that your appraisal has been determined by three appraisers in our office to have no auction value. ”
王叶有点明白老妇人为什么坚持要在这里鉴定了。 Wang Ye somewhat understood why the old woman insisted on appraising here.
老妇人应该是想拍卖掉她的项链，但谁想拍卖公司的鉴定结果却不理想，她就算去找了其他鉴定师，多花钱不说，就算重新鉴定出这是珍品，想要拍卖，还是得经过拍卖行。
The old woman should want to auction off her necklace, but who wants to auction the company's appraisal results are not ideal, even if she goes to other appraisers, not to mention spending more money, even if it is re-identified as a treasure, if you want to auction it, you still have to go through the auction house.
老妇人也可以去找其他拍卖公司，但规模都没有宝利庆的大。
The old woman can also go to other auction companies, but the scale is not as large as Baoliqing.
最重要的是拍卖行之间都有联系，她在这里没有得到理想鉴定结果，其他拍卖公司的鉴定师为了保证鉴定正确率，也为了尽量减少拍卖假货的可能，九成都会先入为主，如此就算有鉴定师对项链的品质有所怀疑，鉴定结果也会往假货那边靠拢。
The most important thing is that there are connections between auction houses, she did not get the ideal appraisal results here, and the appraisers of other auction companies will have preconceived ideas in order to ensure the accuracy of the appraisal and to minimize the possibility of auctioning fakes, so that even if there are appraisers who have doubts about the quality of the necklace, the appraisal results will move closer to the fakes.
老妇人脸色变黑，她紧紧握住手中首饰盒，发狠道：“你们必须再派一个高级鉴定师过来，否则我就撞死在你们公司。”
The old woman's face turned dark, she held the jewelry box in her hand tightly, and said fiercely: "You must send another senior appraiser, otherwise I will die in your company." ”
工作人员大惊失色，谁也没想到一场普通鉴定竟然会发展成这样。
The staff was shocked, no one expected that an ordinary appraisal would develop like this.
老妇人的陪同人显然也没想到老妇人会如此决绝，连忙都劝慰她，让她不用这么钻牛角尖。
The old woman's escort obviously didn't expect the old woman to be so resolute, and hurriedly persuaded her not to be so aggressive.
可那个黄裙女也不知道是对老妇人有意见，还是天生性格就刻薄，这时候还能阴阳怪气地说：“威胁谁呢？就一个破项链，人家都说是假的了，还非要逼着人家再次鉴定。你还不如直接威胁人家拍卖行，不给你鉴定书、不帮你拍卖，你就撞死在人家公司。”
But the woman in the yellow dress didn't know if she had an opinion about the old woman, or if she was born with a mean personality, and at this time she could still say in a weird way: "Who is threatened?" Just a broken necklace, everyone said it was fake, and they had to force others to identify it again. You might as well directly threaten other people's auction houses, don't give you an appraisal certificate, don't help you auction, and you will die in someone's company. ”
“钱丽你给我闭嘴！”老妇人的儿子愤怒大吼。 "Qian Li, shut up for me!" The old woman's son yelled angrily.
黄裙女钱丽冷笑：“你们就捧着这个老太婆好了，一不顺她的心就寻死觅活，成天喊着死啊死的，我嫁到你们家快十年了，这老太婆从我嫁进门就说要死给我看，我看她也没死嘛，到今天不都活得好好的。”
Qian Li, the woman in the yellow dress, sneered: "You just hold this old woman, if you don't go with her heart, you will look for death and life, shouting death and death all day long, I have been married to your family for almost ten years, this old woman has said that she wants to die since I married into the door, I see that she is not dead, and she is not alive and well today." ”
“够了！钱丽你凭什么这么说妈？当年你嫁进来，死活要妈的项链，妈不给你，你就怀恨在心。这次也是你们夫妻俩出事，妈才会要拍卖项链，你们还想怎样！”老妇人的长媳也怒道。
"Enough! Qian Li, why do you say that, Mom? When you got married, you asked for your mother's necklace when you lived or died, but if your mother didn't give it to you, you held a grudge. This time it was also your husband and wife who had an accident, and Mom wanted to auction the necklace, what else do you want! The old woman's eldest daughter-in-law also said angrily.
钱丽撇嘴，“她要真为我们着想，那就别卖项链，卖房子啊。老头名下有一套房子，她也有一套，两套呢。卖了足够给她小儿子还债了。”
Qian Li pouted, "If she really thinks about us, then don't sell necklaces, sell houses." The old man has a house in his name, and she also has one, two houses. Sold enough to pay off her young son's debts. ”
老妇人的长子长媳怎么可能让老妇人卖房，当场就跟钱丽吵起来。
How could the eldest son and eldest daughter-in-law of the old woman let the old woman sell the house, and quarreled with Qian Li on the spot.
会议室里的人都出来了，包括这家公司的保安也来了。 Everyone in the conference room came out, including the company's security guard.
保安想把这家人劝走，但老妇人死活要让拍卖行再找一个更高级的鉴定师，否则就撞死在这里。
The security guards tried to persuade the family to leave, but the old woman had to ask the auction house to find a more senior appraiser, or else she would die here.
工作人员就威胁说要报警。 The staff threatened to call the police.
老妇人表示报警就报警，她今天就不走了。 The old woman said that she would call the police, and she would not leave today.
王叶见过很多奇葩，但这家人，尤其这个老妇人和那黄裙女，也算奇葩中的奇葩了。
Wang Ye has seen a lot of strange things, but this family, especially this old woman and the girl in the yellow dress, are also strange among the strange.
王沐也不住摇头，只觉得老妇人病得比她还重。 Wang Mu couldn't help shaking her head, only feeling that the old woman was sicker than her.
雷木听不懂，王叶就解说给他听。 Lei Mu didn't understand, so Wang Ye explained it to him.
砰！啪！ Bang! Syllable!
“啊！我的项链！”老妇人一声尖叫。 "Ahh My necklace! The old woman screamed.
现场像是被按下了静止键，所有人都暂时凝固。 The scene seemed to be pressed to a standstill, and everyone froze temporarily.
王叶光顾着给雷木翻译，一时没注意到刚才发生了什么事。
Wang Ye patronized the translation for Lei Mu, and didn't notice what happened just now.
雷木看到了，就简单告诉王叶：“刚刚那老妇人的儿子推搡这家拍卖行的护卫，护卫举起手臂护住自己的头脸，但那老妇人看到以后，以为对方要动手，就也出手打那个护卫。但老妇人忘记她手中拿着首饰盒，护卫挡了一下，她的首饰盒就飞了出去，砸在了墙上。糟糕的是，那个少年还踢了一脚。”
When Lei Mu saw it, he simply told Wang Ye: "Just now, the old woman's son pushed the guard of this auction house, and the guard raised his arm to protect his head and face, but when the old woman saw it, she thought that the other party was going to make a move, so she also shot the guard." But the old woman forgot that she had the jewelry box in her hand, and when the guard blocked it, her jewelry box flew out and smashed against the wall. Unfortunately, the teenager also kicked him. ”
桀骜少年满脸都是“我他妈怎么这么倒霉”的郁闷表情，首饰盒砸到墙上，刚好反弹到他这边，他下意识就伸脚一踢。他当时根本就没注意到那是首饰盒。
The rebellious young man's face was full of "why am I so unlucky" depressed expression, the jewelry box smashed against the wall, just rebounding to his side, he subconsciously stretched out his foot and kicked. He didn't even notice it was a jewelry box.
首饰盒经不起这样的折腾，裂开了，里面的项链掉出来，摔在地上，像是宝石的挂坠直接就摔碎了一个角。
The jewelry box couldn't withstand such a toss, it cracked, and the necklace inside fell out and fell to the ground, like a pendant of a gemstone directly shattered a corner.
事情闹大了。 It's a big deal.
老妇人直接坐在地上哭嚎起来，并拉着那少年，还让她儿子抓住那保安，死活要他们赔偿。
The old woman sat on the ground and cried, and pulled the young man by the way, and asked her son to catch the security guard and ask them to pay compensation.
少年的父母和老妇人自然就吵了起来，说不关他们儿子的事。
Naturally, the young man's parents and the old woman quarreled, saying that it was not their son's business.
黄裙女就在里面东挑西挑，似乎闹得越厉害，她越高兴。
The woman in the yellow dress was picking around, and it seemed that the more trouble she made, the happier she became.
王叶拉着他姑往后退，避免被卷进是非中。 Wang Ye pulled his aunt back to avoid being caught up in right and wrong.
雷木侧头问他：“你看那项链是珍品吗？” Lei Mu turned his head sideways and asked him, "Do you think that necklace is a treasure?" ”
王叶需要接触到实物才能施展鉴定术，只凭眼力，那项链也离他还有一些距离，一时也难以判断。
Wang Ye needs to come into contact with the real thing to perform the identification technique, and with only his eyesight, the necklace is still some distance away from him, and it is difficult to judge for a while.
雷木没想到刚到地球就碰到这么有趣的事，眼睛有点亮。
Lei Mu didn't expect to encounter such an interesting thing when he first arrived on Earth, and his eyes lit up a little.
王叶抠了抠他的手掌心，苦恼：木木啊，你可是黑户，等会儿警察来了，要我们留个人信息，我要怎么办啊？怎么你第一天来就碰到这种事？
Wang Ye picked at the palm of his hand, distressed: Mumu, you are a black household, when the police come later, they want us to leave personal information, what should I do? Why did you happen to this on the first day you came?
雷木低声问他在烦什么。 Remu asked him in a low voice what he was bothered about.
王叶就实话实说了。 Wang Ye told the truth.
雷木笑，低声跟他说：“这简单，你把我收入虫巢。警察找不到我，也就不用交代我的身份信息了。”
Lei Mu smiled and whispered to him, "It's simple, you put me in the hive." The police couldn't find me, so they didn't have to give me my identity. ”
王叶想想，这也是没办法的办法，反正事情跟他们没有直接关系，想来少个人作证，警察蜀黍们也不会太介意。
Wang Ye thought about it, this is also a helpless way, anyway, the matter has nothing to do with them, and if they want to come to testify, the police will not mind too much.
乱哄哄中，王叶和雷木悄悄离开，因为这层楼到处都有监控，他们还特地去了另一层，假装进入洗手间，实际上是让雷木进入了虫巢空间。
In the chaos, Wang Ye and Lei Mu left quietly, because there was surveillance everywhere on this floor, and they also went to another floor and pretended to enter the bathroom, but in fact, Lei Mu entered the hive space.
雷木在虫巢空间中也能看到听到外面，倒不用担心无聊。
Lei Mu can also see and hear the outside in the hive space, so he doesn't have to worry about being bored.
王沐看只有王叶回来，低声问雷木去哪儿了。 Wang Mu saw that only Wang Ye came back, and asked in a low voice where Lei Mu went.
王叶就跟她说，雷木没有用护照就来了华夏，解释起来太麻烦，就暂时离开了。
Wang Ye told her that Lei Mu came to Huaxia without a passport, and it was too troublesome to explain, so he left temporarily.
王沐恍然想到侄子和他师兄回来的方式，紧紧闭住了嘴巴。
Wang Mu suddenly thought of the way his nephew and his senior brother came back, and closed his mouth tightly.
警察来了，要把老妇人一家和相关者带去派出所。 The police came and wanted to take the old woman's family and related people to the police station.
但那老妇人死活不肯走，非要拍卖行先派遣更高级的鉴定师过来。
But the old woman refused to leave, and insisted that the auction house send a more senior appraiser first.
老妇人振振有词，哭嚎着喊：“我现在跟你们走了，他们就能说我的项链不值钱，随便赔点钱打发我。我不能走，我要见鉴定师，还要不同公司的鉴定师，还要叫电视台过来，还有公证处！否则我就一头撞死在这里！”
The old woman cried out, "I will go with you now, and they will say that my necklace is worthless, and send me away at will." I can't go, I want to see an appraiser, an appraiser from a different company, a TV station, and a notary office! Otherwise, I'll die headfirst here! ”
警察对这种耍泼的老人也最是无奈，总不能硬拖着她走吧，出什么事，谁能担这个责任？
The police are also the most helpless to this kind of tricky old man, they can't drag her away, what happened, who can take this responsibility?
而且事情还涉及到一条有可能值钱也有可能一钱不值的项链，麻烦了。
And the matter also involves a necklace that may or may not be worth anything, trouble.
那条项链落在地上，一开始都没有人敢碰，就怕被老妇人一家赖上。
The necklace fell to the ground, and no one dared to touch it at first, for fear of being relied upon by the old woman's family.
警察来了后，拍了现场照片，这才由警察把项链捡起来。
When the police came, they took pictures of the scene, and it was the police who picked up the necklace.
所有人都转移到会议室。 Everyone moved to the meeting room.
警察果然来询问大家事情经过，并记录在场人员的个人信息。
Sure enough, the police came to ask everyone about what happened and recorded the personal information of those present.
少了个雷木，但记得雷木的人也没多嘴，都想着可能外国人不想多事。
There was one less Lei Mu, but the people who remembered Lei Mu didn't talk much, thinking that maybe foreigners didn't want to do much.
而老妇人一家就顾着自家的事，抓的也是那倒霉少年和那保安，也没注意到旁观者中少了一人。
And the old woman's family took care of their own affairs, and arrested the unlucky boy and the security guard, and did not notice that one of the bystanders was missing.
随着众人证言，加上拍卖行在走廊装了监控，事情经过很快就弄清楚了。
With the testimony of the crowd and the fact that the auction house had installed surveillance in the hallway, it quickly became clear what had happened.
老妇人是主要责任人，因为是她用抓着首饰盒的手去打保安，而保安并没有回手，只是抬起手臂阻挡。老妇人没有抓稳首饰盒，才导致首饰盒脱手。
The old woman was the main person responsible, because it was she who hit the security guard with her hand holding the jewelry box, but the security guard did not return the hand, but only raised her arm to block it. The old woman didn't hold the jewelry box steady, which caused the jewelry box to fall off.
但首饰盒在砸到墙上再反弹的时候还没有裂开，是那名少年踢了一脚才导致首饰盒裂开，里面的项链才掉出来碎裂。
However, the jewelry box did not crack when it hit the wall and rebounded, and it was the teenager's kick that caused the jewelry box to crack, and the necklace inside fell out and shattered.
哪怕少年坚持他没有看清那是什么东西，只是本能的自我保护反应，可因为过失损害也要承担责任，所以少年不得不担负次要责任。
Even if the juvenile insists that he did not see what it was, it was just an instinctive reaction of self-preservation, but because of the negligence damage, the juvenile has to bear secondary responsibility.
责任人都搞清楚了，但在涉及到赔偿金额时，双方又闹起来。
The responsible person figured it out, but when it came to the amount of compensation, the two sides quarreled again.
少年父母见逃不过赔偿，就咬定一定要按照拍卖行之前给出的鉴定结果来赔。
Seeing that the teenager's parents could not escape the compensation, they insisted that they must pay compensation according to the appraisal results given by the auction house before.
老妇人和她的家人当然都不愿意，闹着要重新鉴定。 Of course, the old woman and her family were unwilling, and they clamored for a re-evaluation.
十点半到了，引导员过来请王沐和王叶去鉴定室。 When it was half past ten, the guide came over and asked Wang Mu and Wang Ye to go to the appraisal room.
老妇人一家还不让姑侄俩离开，说他们必须留下来作证。
The old woman's family would not let her aunt and nephew leave, saying that they had to stay and testify.
警察不耐烦地说已经记录下两人证言和身份信息，他们又是无关者，想离开随时可以离开。
The police impatiently said that they had recorded the testimony and identity information of the two people, and that they were unrelated and could leave at any time if they wanted to.
老妇人还要闹，王叶拉着他姑就走。 The old woman was still making trouble, so Wang Ye pulled his aunt and left.
王叶在经过长桌时——项链和首饰盒就放在桌子上，他快速摸了一把。
When Wang Ye passed by the long table, the necklace and jewelry box were placed on the table, and he quickly touched it.
因为他速度快，谁也没注意他碰触了项链。 Because of his speed, no one noticed that he touched the necklace.
王叶看着百科全书给出的鉴定结果，表情相当古怪。 Wang Ye looked at the appraisal results given by the encyclopedia, and his expression was quite strange.
第99章 解决方案 Chapter 99: Solution
这项链珍贵之处竟然不在于挂坠，而是在链子上。 The preciousness of this chain lies not in the pendant, but in the chain.
链子形状模仿竹节，每一节约1.5厘米长，直径约有0.4厘米，做工还算精细，上面只有淡淡的水纹。
The shape of the chain imitates that of bamboo, each one is 1.5 cm long and about 0.4 cm in diameter, and the workmanship is quite fine, with only a faint water pattern on it.
这样粗的项链并不适合女士佩戴，可能为了掩饰这种缺陷，有人对这条项链又做了一点变动，在项链下方又加了两条金链，形成复链，另外又加了一个水晶挂坠。
Such a thick necklace is not suitable for women to wear, perhaps in order to hide this defect, someone made a little change to this necklace, adding two gold chains under the necklace to form a double chain, and adding a crystal pendant.
主链和后加的复链都是黄金制成，可惜主链是金包木。 The main chain and the subsequent double chain are made of gold, but unfortunately the main chain is gold-clad wood.
鉴定师很可能由项链的体积和净重判断出这条项链并不是实心，可能也用机械检测出金子里面包含的是什么。
The appraiser is likely to have judged that the necklace was not solid by its volume and net weight, and may have mechanically detected what was contained in the gold.
如果金子包的是特殊木料还好，但就是很普通的橡木。 It's fine if the gold is wrapped in special wood, but it's just ordinary oak.
可能在鉴定师眼中，这就是过去人为了让金项链看起来比较粗、掂起来也比较重的一种作假手法。
Perhaps in the eyes of appraisers, this is a method of falsification in the past to make gold necklaces look thicker and heavier.
但他的鉴定结果还告诉了他另外一点，那就是竹节链的内侧刻有许多细微纹路。
But his results also told him another point, that is, there are many fine lines engraved on the inside of the bamboo chain.
这也是王叶觉得这条项链古怪之处。 This is also what Wang Ye finds this necklace strange.
一般来说，项链为了好看，会在表面一层下功夫，就算要刻纹路也应该在表面刻。
Generally speaking, in order to look good, the necklace will work the surface layer, even if it is to engrave the pattern, it should be engraved on the surface.
可这条项链的主链却只在表面刻有淡淡水纹，转而在看不到的竹节里面雕刻了更复杂的纹路。
However, the main chain of this necklace is only engraved with light water lines on the surface, and more complex lines are carved into the invisible bamboo joints.
在王叶想来，这只有一个可能，那就是里面的纹路需要隐藏起来。
In Wang Ye's mind, there is only one possibility, that is, the lines inside need to be hidden.
那为什么里面的纹路需要隐藏？ So why do the lines inside need to be hidden?
那肯定是纹路代表了某种更为珍贵的东西。 It must have been that the pattern represented something more precious.
甚至王叶也想到了为什么竹节里面要塞木头，因为纯金很软，这么做可以最大程度稳固项链的形状，防止项链变形。而项链只要不变形，也就不会影响到竹节里面刻的纹路。
Even Wang Ye thought about why the wood was stuffed in the bamboo joint, because the pure gold was very soft, so it could stabilize the shape of the necklace to the greatest extent and prevent the necklace from deforming. As long as the necklace is not deformed, it will not affect the lines engraved in the bamboo.
王叶对这条项链产生了好奇心，可惜现在不是拿下这条项链的好时机，只能先等等看以后有没有机会。
Wang Ye became curious about this necklace, but unfortunately now is not a good time to take this necklace, so he can only wait to see if there is a chance in the future.
至于说破这项链的奇异之处？ As for the singularity of breaking this chain?
他跟那奇葩老妇人一家有什么交情吗？凭什么他要把他花费能量的鉴定结果告诉他们？
Did he have any friendship with the strange old woman's family? Why did he tell them the results of the identification of the energy he spent?
就算他今天脑抽要日行一善，可他要怎么解释他知道项链是空心，而且反面有纹路？
Even if he wants to do a good deed every day, how can he explain that he knows that the necklace is hollow and has lines on the back?
所以什么都不说，才是最好的。 So it's best not to say anything.
【任务发布：玩家隔壁小王偶尔发现一条金项链很可能藏有惊人的秘密，请隔壁小王努力解开项链之谜。任务完成，奖励一百点经验值。】
[Quest Release: The player next door Xiao Wang occasionally discovers that a gold necklace is likely to hide an amazing secret, please work hard to solve the mystery of the necklace. Completing the mission rewards you with 100 XP. 】
王叶：习惯了几千几万经验值的收获，一下又掉回到一百，有点不想做这个任务呢。
Wang Ye: I'm used to the harvest of tens of thousands of experience points, and I suddenly fell back to a hundred, and I don't want to do this task.
但王叶还是接了这个任务，反正他也对项链好奇得很，如果有机会，能解开项链中隐藏的秘密那最好。
But Wang Ye still took this task, anyway, he was also very curious about the necklace, if there was a chance, it would be best to unlock the secret hidden in the necklace.
而且这可是游戏系统在地球上发布的除了探索地球以外的第一个任务，他有预感这个任务随着项链中的秘密解开，很可能会形成一个任务链。
Moreover, this is the first mission released by the game system on Earth other than exploring Earth, and he has a hunch that this mission will likely form a mission chain as the secret in the necklace is solved.
雷木在虫巢中就看到王叶摸了项链，当即就问他：“这项链有什么古怪？”
Lei Mu saw Wang Ye touching the necklace in the worm nest, and immediately asked him, "What's so strange about this chain?" ”
王叶就低声用双月星语说了。 Wang Ye whispered in the language of the Double Moon Star.
雷木：“听起来很有意思，你打算买下那条项链吗？” Remu: "Sounds interesting, are you going to buy that necklace?" ”
王叶摇头：“现在不行。那老太婆明显想把项链卖高价，我现在去买，太亏。”
Wang Ye shook his head: "Not now." The old woman obviously wants to sell the necklace for a high price, and I go to buy it now, it's too much of a loss. ”
王沐和王叶进入鉴定室，里面只有一名鉴定师。 Wang Mu and Wang Ye entered the appraisal room, and there was only one appraiser inside.
双方问好后，大约四十出头的鉴定师很客气地说明道：“因为你们是想把鉴定物放到我们拍卖行拍卖，所以我行会提供一次免费的鉴定机会。为了避免纠纷，这里是委托鉴定合约，合约中主要说明，一旦鉴定出这是有价值物，该物品必须在我行进行拍卖，拍卖底价也由我行的鉴定结果决定。请仔细阅读，如果没有问题，请委托人签下名字，并留下身份复印件。”
After greeting each other, the appraiser, who was in his early forties, politely explained: "Because you want to put the appraisal items for auction at our auction house, our guild will provide a free appraisal opportunity." In order to avoid disputes, here is the entrusted appraisal contract, which mainly states that once it is identified as a valuable item, the item must be auctioned in our bank, and the auction reserve price is also determined by the appraisal results of our bank. Please read it carefully, and if there are no problems, ask the client to sign the name and leave a copy of the identity. ”
鉴定师又补充：“如果是正式委托拍卖，还有另外的委托拍卖合约。”
The appraiser added: "If it is a formal consignment auction, there is a separate consignment auction contract. ”
这份委托鉴定合约，王沐在和该拍卖行预约鉴定时间后就收到了电子文档。
Wang Mu received the electronic document after making an appointment with the auction house for this appraisal contract.
详细内容她都已经看过，并没有什么陷阱，但王沐还是把合约给王叶也看了一遍。
She had already read the details, and there were no traps, but Wang Mu still showed the contract to Wang Ye as well.
王叶看完，对王沐点点头。 After reading it, Wang Ye nodded to Wang Mu.
王沐就把自己名字签在了委托人一栏。 Wang Mu signed his name in the client column.
鉴定师收起委托鉴定合约，这才接过王沐拿出来的彩珠。
The appraiser put away the entrusted appraisal contract, and then took the colored beads that Wang Mu took out.
经过拍照、询问、鉴定师初步评估和机器判定等一系列鉴定步骤，才能给出最终鉴定结果。
After a series of identification steps, such as taking pictures, inquiry, preliminary evaluation by appraiser and machine judgment, the final appraisal result can be given.
在用机器做更精细的鉴定时，鉴定师例行询问彩珠的来历。
When using a machine to make a more detailed identification, the appraiser routinely asks about the origin of the colored beads.
王沐刚想说是父母留给她的，王叶抢先一步道：“这是一个老外送给我姑姑的。因为我姑姑拾金不昧。”
Wang Mugang wanted to say that it was left to her by her parents, but Wang Ye took the lead and said, "This is a foreigner who gave it to my aunt." Because my aunt is good at collecting money. ”
八岁小朋友的表情特别骄傲。 The eight-year-old's expression was particularly proud.
王沐张开的嘴巴又闭上，无奈地看了眼侄子。你就编吧，反正是你拿来的，随便你说吧。
Wang Mu's open mouth closed again, and he looked at his nephew helplessly. You can make it up, you brought it anyway, whatever you say.
鉴定师笑了笑，做他们这行的其实很清楚很多送到他们这里鉴定的物品都来历不明或不好说明来历，绝大多数人为了避免麻烦都会说东西是家里传下来的。
The appraiser smiled, they actually knew very well that many of the items sent to them for identification were of unknown origin or difficult to explain the origin, and most people would say that the things were handed down from home in order to avoid trouble.
鉴定师猜测这名王女士可能也打算这么说，可惜小朋友比较诚实又没什么心眼，就把彩珠的真正来历说了。
The appraiser guessed that Ms. Wang might also plan to say this, but unfortunately the child was more honest and had no heart, so he told the true origin of the colored beads.
“王女士不必脸红，拾金不昧可是非常值得夸赞的事情。而且对方能送两枚彩珠给您，说明您拾到的东西一定价值不低。”鉴定师赞美也是习惯性捧人道。
"Ms. Wang doesn't have to blush, it's a very commendable thing to collect gold. And the other party can send you two colored beads, which means that the things you find must be of great value. "Appraiser praise is also habitually praised.
王沐羞红脸，低下头。没有的事，让她怎么好承认？ Wang Mu blushed and lowered his head. How can she admit that there is nothing to do?
王小叶却特别与有荣焉地说：“就是啊，那老外也说我姑人特别好，拿错包竟然就在原地等着。那老外还说他花几十万买的名牌包竟然和我姑花几十块买的包乍看一模一样，说他以后再也不花这个冤枉钱了，哈哈哈！”
Wang Xiaoye said with special honor: "That's right, the foreigner also said that my aunt is very good, and she took the wrong bag and waited in place." The foreigner also said that the brand-name bag he bought for hundreds of thousands of dollars was exactly the same as the bag my aunt bought for dozens of yuan at first glance, and said that he would never spend this unjust money again in the future, hahaha! ”
鉴定师：“……” Appraiser: "......"
王小叶叽叽喳喳，就像普通的话痨男孩，一个劲炫耀：“原本那老外是想给钱，但我姑不收。那老外说这两颗彩珠都是采自深海的天然彩珠，不值钱，我姑才收了。可后来我们问了人，才知道这种彩珠老值钱了，我姑也不敢戴这种彩珠做的项链，怕被人抢，后来我看电视上有鉴宝节目，还能上拍卖公司，我就让我姑来找你们了。”
Wang Xiaoye chirped, just like an ordinary boy, showing off: "Originally, the foreigner wanted to give money, but I didn't accept it." The foreigner said that these two colored beads are natural colored beads from the deep sea, which are worthless, so my aunt accepted them. But then we asked people, only to know that this kind of colored beads are worth a lot, and my aunt didn't dare to wear a necklace made of colored beads, for fear of being robbed, and then I watched a treasure appreciation program on TV, and I could also go to the auction company, so I asked my aunt to come to you. ”
鉴定师非常敷衍地夸奖：“小朋友真聪明。” The appraiser praised very perfunctorily: "The child is so smart. ”
“那是！”王小叶得意。 "That's it!" Wang Xiaoye was proud.
王沐哭笑不得地摸摸侄子的头。 Wang Mu touched his nephew's head with a smile.
鉴定结果还没有出来，但该鉴定师常年做珠宝鉴定，他在拿到那两颗彩珠时其实已经九成确定那真的是天然海珠，不是人工培养，也不是造假。
The appraisal results have not yet come out, but the appraiser has been doing jewelry appraisal all year round, and when he got the two colored beads, he was actually ninety percent sure that they were really natural sea pearls, not artificial cultivation, and not fraud.
等到机器的鉴定结果出来，鉴定师看了鉴定报告，眼中闪过惊讶，他直接告诉姑侄俩：“恭喜，这两枚海珠的鉴定结果非常好，首先这是真的天然海珠，粉色珍珠直径达到17mm，金色这枚更是达到了罕见的20mm，两枚都已经达到收藏级别。更优秀的是这两枚彩珠都是浑圆体，直径差极小，形状完美，在天然海珠中十分难得。”
When the appraisal results of the machine came out, the appraiser looked at the appraisal report, his eyes flashed with surprise, and he directly told his aunt and nephew: "Congratulations, the identification results of these two sea pearls are very good, first of all, this is a real natural sea pearl, the diameter of the pink pearl reaches 17mm, and the golden one has reached a rare 20mm, both of which have reached the collection level." What's even better is that these two colored beads are round, with a very small diameter difference and perfect shape, which is very rare in natural sea pearls. ”
鉴定师推了推眼镜：“最让人惊讶的是，可能是来自深海的缘故，这两枚海珠都含有一种其他海珠没有的特殊活性物质。只是我们的仪器暂时无法判断这种活性物质对人体是有好处，还是有害处。想要对这种活性物质做进一步检测，你们需要送到相关的生物研究所，我们这里检测不出来。”
The appraiser pushed his glasses: "The most surprising thing is that these two pearls contain a special active substance that other pearls do not have, probably because they come from the deep sea. It's just that our instruments can't tell whether this active substance is good or harmful to the human body for the time being. If you want to do further testing of this active substance, you need to send it to the relevant biological research institute, which we can't detect here. ”
鉴定师看出姑侄俩似乎不想费这个事，有点可惜地说道：“如果有明确鉴定结果，这两枚深海彩珠应该会拍出更高价格。”
The appraiser saw that the aunt and nephew didn't seem to want to bother with this, and said with a little pity: "If there is a clear appraisal result, these two deep-sea colored pearls should fetch a higher price." ”
王沐看向王叶。 Wang Mu looked at Wang Ye.
王叶微带骄纵地跟他姑央求道：“姑，不要这么麻烦啦，我想你快点拍卖，快点拿到钱，你好给我买游戏头盔！我特别想玩那个全息游戏，我们同班同学都有人玩，他们说特别好玩，晚上睡觉都能玩，还不用占用学习时间。”
Wang Ye begged his aunt with arrogance: "Aunt, don't be so troublesome, I want you to auction it quickly, get the money quickly, you can buy me a game helmet!" I especially wanted to play that holographic game, and some of my classmates played it, and they said it was so fun that I could play it when I slept at night, and it didn't take up my study time. ”
王沐一脸无奈，对鉴定师说：“这个鉴定结果出来，我是不是可以委托贵行进行拍卖了。”
Wang Mu looked helpless and said to the appraiser: "When the appraisal results come out, can I entrust your bank to conduct an auction?" ”
鉴定师微笑：“当然可以，具体事项会有其他工作人员跟您介绍。”
The appraiser smiled: "Of course, other staff will introduce you to the specific matters." ”
鉴定师在鉴定报告的价格评估一栏填了个数字，又在鉴定人一栏签上自己的名字，再交由工作人员拿去做最后审核和盖章。
The appraiser fills in a number in the price evaluation column of the appraisal report, and signs his name in the appraiser column, and then hands it over to the staff for final review and sealing.
完成后，这份鉴定报告就和彩珠一起，交给了王沐。 After completion, this appraisal report was handed over to Wang Mu along with the colored beads.
王沐看到评估价格，脸上不由自主流露出喜色。 When Wang Mu saw the appraisal price, his face couldn't help but show joy.
鉴定师给出的价格不算低，粉色七十万，金色一百一十万，合计一百八十万。
The price given by the appraiser is not low, pink 700,000, gold 1,100,000, a total of 1,800,000.
这还只是评估价。 And that's just the appraisal price.
鉴定师还残念地说如果能确定彩珠自带的活性物质对人体是有益处的，那么这个评估价还能再升一些。
The appraiser also said that if it can be determined that the active substances brought by the color beads are beneficial to the human body, then the appraisal price can be increased a little more.
经过协商，王沐和宝利庆拍卖行签订了一个委托拍卖以及评估价收购合约。
After negotiation, Wang Mu and Baoliqing Auction House signed a contract for consignment auction and appraisal price acquisition.
该合约主要表明：首先拍卖时间会安排在半年内。其次如果两枚彩珠流拍，那么拍卖行会按照评估价的百分之六十收购这两枚彩珠，并不另外收取拍卖手续费。第三，如正常拍卖，拍卖行需要收取百分之十的手续费。
The contract mainly indicates that the auction time will be scheduled within half a year. Secondly, if the two colored beads are unsold, then the auction house will purchase the two colored beads at 60% of the appraised price, and no additional auction fee will be charged. Third, if the auction is normal, the auction house needs to charge 10% of the handling fee.
王沐和王叶商量后，同意了这个收购价。 After Wang Mu and Wang Ye discussed, they agreed to the purchase price.
宝利庆拍卖行当即收下彩珠，预先支付了一百零八万的收购款。如彩珠成功拍卖，再另行结算多出部分。
Baoliqing Auction House immediately accepted the color beads and paid 1.08 million yuan in advance. If the beads are successfully auctioned, the excess will be settled separately.
这些手续全部办完，已经过了十二点半。 All these formalities were completed, and it was already half past twelve.
王沐看到打到账户上的金额，下意识揉了揉眼睛，把上面的零数了一遍又一遍。
Wang Mu saw the amount of money hit the account, subconsciously rubbed his eyes, and counted the zeros on it over and over again.
“姑姑，走吧，以后你账户上的小钱钱只会越来越多。”王叶低声道。
"Auntie, let's go, the little money in your account will only increase in the future." Wang Ye said in a low voice.
王沐眼睛有点红，无声点头。收到钱，她的心才落到肚子里，以后他们家也是有百万存款的人了。
Wang Mu's eyes were a little red, and he nodded silently. After receiving the money, her heart fell into her stomach, and in the future, their family will also have millions of deposits.
王沐这时候已经开始考虑买房子的事。华夏人的老观念，总觉得租房不是家，买下来的房子才算家。
Wang Mu had already begun to think about buying a house at this time. The old concept of Chinese people always feels that renting is not a home, and the house you buy is a home.
一百多万在城里肯定买不到房子，但到稍微偏远一点的郊区，还是能淘到的。正好王叶和她都不用考虑上学上班通勤的问题。
More than a million people will definitely not be able to buy a house in the city, but they can still be found in the slightly more remote suburbs. It just so happened that Wang Ye and she didn't have to think about going to school, going to work, and commuting.
而且现在买的房子可以作为过渡，以后有钱了再换更大更好的房子也可以。
And the house you buy now can be used as a transition, and you can also change to a bigger and better house when you have money in the future.
王叶的想法和他姑恰恰相反，他想一步到位，卖彩珠只是第一步。
Wang Ye's idea is the opposite of his aunt, he wants to do it in one step, and selling color beads is only the first step.
两人经过之前的走廊，发现那老妇人一家、少年一家、相关保安和警察竟然还在。
The two passed through the corridor before and found that the old woman's family, the teenager's family, the relevant security guards and police officers were still there.
除了这些人，会议室里还多出了几个西装笔挺的人。 In addition to these people, there were a few more people in smart suits in the conference room.
这群人像是也才刚商量完毕，分成两拨在说话，会议室一拨，走廊上一拨。
The group of people seemed to have just finished their discussions, and they were talking in two groups, one in the conference room and one in the corridor.
走廊上的一拨就是老妇人一家，她小儿子也赶来了，和黄裙女钱丽一起，和老妇人的长子长媳正对骂。
One of the groups in the corridor was the old woman's family, and her youngest son also came, together with the woman in the yellow skirt Qian Li, and the eldest son and daughter-in-law of the old woman were scolding.
王叶很想知道那条项链的处理结果，他看向会议室里面的长桌，发现那项链已经被收了起来。
Wang Ye wanted to know the result of the necklace, he looked at the long table in the conference room and found that the necklace had been put away.
王叶就靠近那老妇人，问她：“事情怎么样了？你得到赔偿了吗？”
Wang Ye approached the old woman and asked her, "How is the matter?" Have you been compensated? ”
老妇人被小儿子和小儿媳搞得形容憔悴，也被两个儿子儿媳忽视了半天，这会儿见有人和她说话，哪怕是个小孩子，老妇人也像是找到了倾述者一般，气愤地说道：
The old woman was described as haggard by her younger son and daughter-in-law, and was ignored by her two sons and daughters-in-law for a long time, and then she saw someone talking to her, even if it was a child, and the old woman said angrily as if she had found a confidant:
“没有！我什么赔偿都没收到。我跟你们说，你们可千万不要相信这家拍卖行，他们就是骗人的！”
"Nope! I didn't receive any compensation. I tell you, don't trust this auction house, they're a lie! ”
老妇人反反复复把拍卖行骂了一遍又一遍，又指着会议室里那少年和保安，用脏话骂他们。
The old woman scolded the auction house over and over again, pointing at the teenager and the security guard in the conference room, and swearing at them.
少年父母听到，当然不愿意了，当即就呵斥道：“你这人怎么回事？刚才都说好了，人拍卖行愿意把你的不值钱项链拿去拍卖，你也答应了，合约也签了，现在又来叽叽歪歪什么？”
When the young man's parents heard this, of course they didn't want to, and immediately scolded: "What's the matter with you? I said it just now, the auction house is willing to take your worthless necklace to auction, you agreed, and the contract was signed, and now what are you talking about? ”
少年的父亲更是怒：“你把我们逼急了，你们家那破项链也别上拍卖会了，上去我也给你宣传到分文不值，我们就去法院，看法院怎么判！”
The young man's father was even more angry: "You forced us to be anxious, don't go to auction your broken necklace, and I will also publicize to you that it is worthless, so we will go to the court and see how the court decides!" ”
少年的母亲含泪骂：“还能怎么判？不就一条空心的金项链吗？金子又摔不坏，摔坏的就是一块不值钱的紫水晶，那块水晶人家鉴定师说了，顶多值五百，我儿子是次责，顶多赔你们两百块。死老太婆你就用这两百块去买纸钱烧给自己吧，我看你那儿子儿媳恐怕不会有一个人烧纸钱给你！”
The boy's mother tearfully scolded: "How else can you judge? Isn't it just a hollow gold necklace? The gold can't be broken, what is broken is a worthless amethyst, the crystal appraiser said, at most it is worth five hundred, my son is the second responsibility, at most two hundred yuan will be compensated to you. Dead old woman, you can use these two hundred yuan to buy paper money and burn it for yourself, I think your son and daughter-in-law may not have someone to burn paper money for you! ”
老妇人差点气晕，她长子长媳转头又和少年父母对骂起来。
The old woman almost fainted, and her eldest son and eldest daughter-in-law turned their heads and scolded the young parents.
几名警察就看着他们吵。 Several police officers watched them arguing.
拍卖行的工作人员只好出来调解，表示他们拍卖行已经给出处理方案，如果老妇人一家不同意，那就上法院吧。总之他们拍卖行是没有任何责任的。
The staff of the auction house had to come out to mediate, saying that their auction house had already given a plan to deal with it, and if the old woman's family did not agree, then go to court. In short, their auction house has no responsibility.
老妇人和她一家也知道再闹下去，她们也得不到更多好处，看少年父母先收了口，他们也跟着安静下来。
The old woman and her family also knew that if they continued to make trouble, they would not get more benefits, and when the young man's parents stopped first, they also quieted down.
老妇人又再三和拍卖行的工作人员确定拍卖时间和地点，这才带着两个儿子和儿媳离开。
The old woman repeatedly confirmed the time and place of the auction with the staff of the auction house, and then left with her two sons and daughter-in-law.
王叶在旁边听了半天，总算知道了拍卖行给出的解决方案是什么。
Wang Ye listened to it for a long time, and finally knew what the solution given by the auction house was.
老妇人要求宝利庆总公司派出高级鉴定师，又要求电视台和公证处的人前来，这些都是不可能的。
The old woman's request for the Baoliqing head office to send a senior appraiser, as well as the television station and the notary office, was impossible.
拍卖行根本懒得理会老妇人的要求，并且警察也说了，如果她继续这样闹，就是违反公众治安条例，可以请精神科的医生过来给她打镇静剂，直接带走拘留。
The auction house didn't bother to pay attention to the old woman's request, and the police also said that if she continued to make such a fuss, it would be a violation of public order regulations, and that a psychiatrist could be called to come and give her a sedative, and she would be taken away and detained.
老妇人这才不敢闹了。 The old woman didn't dare to make trouble.
少年的父母也不肯赔钱，让老妇人上法院告他们。 The teenager's parents refused to pay the money and asked the old woman to go to court to sue them.
老妇人更不愿上法院。去了法院，就算她赢了，也肯定拿不到多少赔偿款。她才不会做这么蠢的傻事。
The old woman was even more reluctant to go to court. If she goes to court, even if she wins, she will definitely not get much compensation. She wouldn't do such a stupid thing.
如果不是为了多拿到一点钱，她何苦这样闹腾？她不要脸的吗？
If it weren't for the sake of getting a little more money, why would she make such a fuss? Is she shameless?
最后，这家办事处的负责人来了，对方给出了一个解决方案，那就是把老妇人的项链放到三天后的一场商业酒会附带的拍卖会进行拍卖。
Eventually, the head of the office arrived, and the other party offered a solution, which was to put the old woman's necklace up for auction at a commercial drinking party three days later.
但拍卖行不会出具任何鉴定证书，只会把这条项链当做非鉴定品进行拍卖。到时能拍出多少钱，全看拍买者的眼力，以及老妇人的运气。
However, the auction house will not issue any appraisal certificates, and will only auction the necklace as a non-authentic item. How much money can be sold at that time depends on the buyer's eyesight and the old woman's luck.
项链拍出后，老妇人不能再纠缠少年和保安要求赔偿。 After the necklace was auctioned, the old woman could no longer pester the teenager and the security guard to demand compensation.
如果项链流拍，拍卖会就按照拍卖底价收购项链。 If the necklace is not auctioned, the auction will buy the necklace at the auction reserve price.
负责人还当场给项链定了一个拍卖底价，就是按照当天金价给出的价格。
The person in charge also set an auction reserve price for the necklace on the spot, which was the price given according to the gold price of the day.
老妇人觉得这个底价太低，但这位办事处负责人表示，这件事他们完全可以不理会，如果老妇人不愿意接受这样的解决方案，那么不管是对簿公堂还是舆论评判，他们拍卖行都接着。
The old woman felt that the reserve price was too low, but the head of the office said that they could completely ignore this matter, and if the old woman was not willing to accept such a solution, then whether it was a court or a public opinion judgment, they would continue to do so.
老妇人一家看拍卖行硬起来，他们就软了。 When the old woman's family saw the auction house harden, they relented.
老妇人的长子长媳就劝老妇人接受这个底价和解决方案，好歹这还有个拍出高价的可能。
The eldest son and daughter-in-law of the old woman persuaded the old woman to accept the reserve price and the solution, so that there was a possibility of a high price.
王叶记下了三天后拍卖会的详细时间和地点，打算到时候过去看看。
Wang Ye wrote down the detailed time and place of the auction in three days, and planned to go over and have a look at it then.
第100章 卖金子 Chapter 100: Selling Gold
王叶去了洗手间，把雷木从虫巢里放出来。 Wang Ye went to the bathroom and released Lei Mu from the hive.
王沐看到消失良久的雷木从洗手间里走出来，就好像不知道他消失了两三个小时。
Wang Mu saw Lei Mu, who had disappeared for a long time, come out of the bathroom, as if he didn't know that he had disappeared for two or three hours.
离开定坤商业大厦，已经是下午一点多，三人都很饿了。
Leaving the Dingkun Commercial Building, it was already more than one o'clock in the afternoon, and the three of them were very hungry.
刚刚赚了一笔大钱，腰包鼓了很多的王沐一挥手，壕气地道：“走，姑姑带你们去吃大餐！”
Wang Mu, who had just made a lot of money and had a lot of bulging pockets, waved his hand and said angrily: "Let's go, my aunt will take you to a big dinner!" ”
王沐找的大餐就是一家单人收费两百八的自助餐厅，这高昂的收费对于王沐来说，绝对是大餐档次。
The big meal Wang Mu is looking for is a cafeteria that charges two hundred and eight per person, and this high fee is definitely a big meal for Wang Mu.
雷木第一次见到种类这么丰富的餐点，眼都挑花了。 It was the first time for Lei Mu to see such a variety of meals, and his eyes were picky.
王叶就找自己觉得好吃的，推荐给他吃。 Wang Ye looked for what he thought was delicious and recommended it to him.
结果雷木竟然对面条类情有独钟，意面、拉面、小煮面，他几乎每样都来了一碗。
As a result, Raimu actually has a soft spot for noodles, pasta, ramen, and boiled noodles, and he has a bowl of almost everything.
餐厅服务人员看一个外国帅哥吃了那么多面和那么多甜点，竟然还能塞下寿司、烤肉、各种小炒……
The restaurant service staff saw that a handsome foreign guy ate so many noodles and so many desserts, and he could even stuff sushi, barbecue, and all kinds of stir-fried ......
这人的肚子怕不是连接了黑洞吧？ Isn't this man's stomach connected to a black hole?
王叶在雷木的光芒掩盖下，战斗力被遮掩，没人注意到这么个小孩也非常能吃。
Wang Ye was covered by the light of Lei Mu, and his combat power was obscured, and no one noticed that such a child was also very edible.
王沐看两人吃得高兴，她就也高兴。她来这种餐厅吃饭就是赔本的，但小叶子和他师兄不但把三人的餐费连本带利吃回来了，可能还让老板赔了不少。
Wang Mu saw that the two of them were happy to eat, and she was also happy. She would lose money when she came to eat in this kind of restaurant, but Xiao Yezi and his senior brother not only ate the three of them back with interest, but also may have made the boss lose a lot.
一家三口吃了两个小时才从餐厅出来。 A family of three ate for two hours before coming out of the restaurant.
服务员看他们的眼神都不正常了。 The waiter looked at them abnormally.
其实吃到途中，雷木就有点不好意思了，他是听王叶说他们已经交了足够的餐费，这里的食物可以随便吃，他才放开来吃的。
In fact, on the way to eat, Lei Mu was a little embarrassed, he heard Wang Ye say that they had paid enough for the meal, and the food here could be eaten as much as he wanted, so he let it go.
可看周围人的眼神，明显他吃得太多了。 Looking at the eyes of the people around him, it was obvious that he had eaten too much.
可当他想要收敛时，小叶子就给他端来更多食物，还说吃不完会被罚款。
But when he wanted to rein, Xiao Yezi brought him more food, and said that he would be fined if he couldn't finish eating.
雷木为了不被罚款，只好往肚里塞。 In order not to be fined, Lei Mu had to stuff it in his stomach.
他可以把食物转化为能量，这些不含有特别能量的食物，他能吃很多很多。
He can convert food into energy, and he can eat many, many foods that don't contain special energy.
偏偏这些食物大多数都很好吃，他一时就没能收得住。 Most of the food was delicious, and he couldn't keep it for a while.
虽然蓝星群岛奇怪的竟然没有半点魔力，但这里的食物真的太好吃了~！
Although the Blue Star Islands are strangely without any magic, the food here is really delicious~!
王叶摸着小肚子，一手握着雷木的手，心情愉快地往外走：姑姑太机智了，就应该吃自助餐，下次他们再找另外一家。
Wang Ye touched his little belly, held Lei Mu's hand in one hand, and walked out happily: Auntie is too witty, she should eat the buffet, and next time they will find another one.
“姑姑，你先回家，我带我师兄在附近转转，顺便买点日常用品。”
"Auntie, you go home first, I'll take my senior brother around the neighborhood and buy some daily necessities by the way."
“好，你们有什么事给我打电话，晚上你们回来吃吗？”王沐立刻转了两万给侄子，让王叶千万不要亏待他师兄。
"Okay, what do you call me, will you come back for dinner in the evening?" Wang Mu immediately transferred 20,000 yuan to his nephew, asking Wang Ye not to treat his senior brother badly.
“不了，晚上我们在外面吃，你不用等我们。哦，晚上我们会回家，我们应该会在这边待几天。”王叶知道他姑想听什么话。
"No, we eat out at night, you don't have to wait for us. Oh, we'll be home in the evening and we'll be here for a few days. Wang Ye knew what his aunt wanted to hear.
王沐果然开心起来：“好好好，你们待多久都成。” Wang Mu really became happy: "Okay, okay, you can stay as long as you want." ”
王沐巴不得侄子能留在家里不走，但她也知道这是不可能的。
Wang Mu wished that her nephew could stay at home and not leave, but she also knew that it was impossible.
王叶又叮嘱他姑，晚上雷木就跟他住一个屋，不用另外收拾。
Wang Ye also told his aunt that Lei Mu would live in a room with him at night, and there was no need to clean up.
王沐表示知道。她也没打算让雷木住别的房间，老王之前住的房间已经被她变成杂物间。
Wang Mu said he knew. She didn't plan to let Lei Mu live in another room, the room that Lao Wang lived in before had been turned into a utility room by her.
王叶又跟王沐要了她的身份证，这是为了等会儿给雷木办手机卡。
Wang Ye asked Wang Mu for her ID card again, this was to get a mobile phone card for Lei Mu later.
“接下来我们要去哪里？”雷木对这座城市满是兴趣，看哪里都想进去转转、用手摸摸。
"Where are we going next?" Remu is full of interest in the city, and wants to go in and touch it with his hands everywhere he looks.
他尤其喜欢大巴车，觉得这车子特别威风，也特别能装，非常想要弄一辆开开。
He especially likes buses, thinks that this car is very majestic, and it can be loaded, and he really wants to get one to drive.
但雷木也知道这种能自己跑的交通工具必定非常昂贵，双月星的魔法车和魔法船就贵得要死，所以他只是看，并没有说想要开。
But Lei Mu also knew that this kind of transportation that could run on his own must be very expensive, and the magic car and magic ship of the Double Moon Star were extremely expensive, so he just watched and didn't say that he wanted to drive.
“我们先去赚钱，卖点金子。”王叶买了两顶帽子、两个口罩和两个墨镜，和雷木分了，让他和自己一样装扮上。
"Let's go make money and sell some gold first." Wang Ye bought two hats, two masks and two sunglasses, and shared them with Lei Mu, so that he could dress up like himself.
出租车停下时，如果不是看两人中有个小孩子，加上现在因为疫情缘故，戴口罩的人很多，都不敢让这两人上车。
When the taxi stopped, if it wasn't for the fact that one of the two people was a child, and now because of the epidemic, there are many people wearing masks, so they didn't dare to let these two people get on the bus.
王叶带着雷木直奔郊外。 Wang Ye took Lei Mu straight to the outskirts.
上辈子，他给一个所谓的道上大哥养过藏獒。 In his previous life, he raised a Tibetan mastiff for a so-called Taoist elder brother.
这位道上大哥姓白，名子秋。 This big brother on the road is surnamed Bai and his name is Ziqiu.
名字非常文雅，但人……这位身高两米出头，据说曾经在体校待过，差点就被选进国家篮球队。
The name is very urbane, but the people are ...... This is more than two meters tall, and it is said that he once spent time in a sports school and was almost selected for the national basketball team.
可白子秋过了十八体重就开始飙升，他的体重很快就超过了他的身高值。
But Bai Ziqiu's weight began to soar after eighteen, and his weight soon exceeded his height value.
白子秋就不再打篮球，他改去练柔道和举重了。 Bai Ziqiu stopped playing basketball, and he switched to judo and weightlifting.
但当体育生太辛苦，白子秋在体校混了两年就退了下来，开始跟他父亲到处跑，做倒买倒卖的活。
But when it was too hard to be a sports student, Bai Ziqiu retired after two years in the sports school and began to run around with his father, doing the work of buying and selling.
白子秋父亲有点混不吝，黑白两道都沾，初期确实赚了不少钱，后来竟然敢碰毒，被抓了。
Bai Ziqiu's father was a little confused, black and white, he did make a lot of money in the early days, but later he dared to touch drugs and was arrested.
白子秋在他父亲坐牢后，遇到不少事，打打杀杀几进宫，慢慢的也混成了道上一号人物。
After Bai Ziqiu was imprisoned by his father, he encountered a lot of things, fought and killed a few times and entered the palace, and slowly became the number one person on the road.
但混黑在华夏没有半点出头可能，白子秋比他父亲聪明，他在冒险累积到一定资金后，就迅速洗手退黑，承包了郊外一座山，开始搞生态农业和农庄，又开了一家金铺和一家典当行，还有一家装修公司，都是表面上非常正当的生意。
But there is no possibility of mixing black in Huaxia, Bai Ziqiu is smarter than his father, after he took the risk and accumulated a certain amount of money, he quickly washed his hands and retired from black, contracted a mountain in the suburbs, began to engage in ecological agriculture and farms, and opened a gold shop and a pawn shop, as well as a decoration company, all of which are very legitimate businesses on the surface.
但白子秋也没有完全漂白，他手底下还有一家讨债公司。
But Bai Ziqiu is not completely bleached, and he still has a debt collection company under his hands.
其实他能把自己的事业发展起来，最初靠的就是放高利贷，尤其是赌债。
In fact, he was able to develop his career by loan sharking, especially gambling debts.
王叶能对这位这么清楚，是因为他在进入游戏之前，几乎一直在跟这人混，小时候帮他养狗，长大帮他讨债，还在他的装修公司做过学徒，学过水电和盖房。
Wang Ye can be so clear about this person because before he entered the game, he almost always messed with this person, helped him raise a dog when he was a child, helped him collect debts when he grew up, and also worked as an apprentice in his renovation company, learned water and electricity and built a house.
他能在虫巢中弄出一栋二层小楼，就是凭借的上辈子的盖房和装修经验。
He was able to build a small two-story building in the hive, relying on his previous life's experience in building and decorating.
白子秋这人有很多毛病，对人也不算多厚道，但他有三个优点一直为人称道，那就是他嘴巴紧且信守承诺，也不会搞黑吃黑那一套。
Bai Ziqiu has a lot of problems, and he is not very kind to people, but he has three advantages that have always been praised, that is, he has a tight mouth and keeps his promises, and he will not engage in black and black.
因为这三个优点，很多手上有来源不明货物的人都喜欢找他帮忙销赃。
Because of these three advantages, many people who have goods from unknown sources in their hands like to ask him to help sell the stolen goods.
车上，王叶就跟雷木大致介绍了白子秋这个人，同时商量好如何与这人周旋。
In the car, Wang Ye and Lei Mu roughly introduced Bai Ziqiu, and at the same time discussed how to deal with this person.
“白子秋喜欢用他养的藏獒给陌生人下马威，到时候你可以这样……但不要伤害那狗，白子秋特别在意那两只狗，如果伤到，那生意就做不成了……”
"Bai Ziqiu likes to use the Tibetan mastiff he raises to give strangers a horse, and you can do this when the time comes...... But don't hurt the dog, Bai Ziqiu is especially concerned about the two dogs, if they are hurt, then the business will not be done......"
当年白子秋承包的那座山，在如今的城市规划中已经不算郊区，从市中心过来，开车只要四十分钟。
The mountain contracted by Bai Ziqiu back then is no longer considered a suburb in today's urban planning, and it only takes 40 minutes to drive from the city center.
因为风景优美，又离市中心不远，还交通便捷，白子秋这座农庄生意非常好，一年四季客人不断。
Because of the beautiful scenery, not far from the city center, and convenient transportation, Bai Ziqiu's farm business is very good, and customers continue to be there all year round.
白子秋因为喜欢养狗，不方便住在城区，他就常年住在农庄里。
Because Bai Ziqiu likes to raise dogs, it is inconvenient to live in the city, so he lives in the farm all year round.
但他住的地方和待客的农庄不在一起，是在山顶另起的一座农家大院。
But the place where he lived was not the same as the farmhouse where he was entertaining, but a farmhouse compound on the top of the hill.
农家大院外表看着不起眼，里面装修得富丽堂皇，还有地下室。
The farmhouse compound looks unremarkable on the outside, but inside it is richly decorated, and there is a basement.
地下室其实是个小型赌场，搞得很隐秘，还是会员制，不是熟人都不让进门。
The basement is actually a small casino, which is very secretive, and it is still a membership system, and people who are not acquaintances are not allowed to enter.
雷木和王叶从出租车上下来，没走农庄正门，而是绕了半圈，走到一扇钢铁防盗门前按响门铃。
Lei Mu and Wang Ye got out of the taxi, did not go to the main entrance of the farm, but went around half a circle, walked to a steel security door and rang the doorbell.
很快就有穿着保安制服的人过来打开门，问他们是来住宿还是来吃饭。
Soon a man in a security uniform came and opened the door and asked if they were coming to stay or eat.
“我们来找白子秋白老板，听说他眼力好，有点东西想请他掌掌眼。”王叶老气横秋地说。
"We came to find Boss Bai Ziqiubai, I heard that he has good eyesight, and I want to ask him to palm his eyes for something." Wang Ye said old-fashionedly.
这样的客人对于保安来说半点不陌生，走这扇小门的人一般都不是正常客人。
Such guests are not strangers to security guards, and the people who walk through this small door are generally not normal guests.
保安打量这一大一小，重点观察了雷木拎着的黑色旅行包，判断出里面应该装了重物，就拿着对讲机走到一边说话。
The security guard looked at the big and small, focused on the black travel bag that Lei Mu was carrying, and judged that it should be loaded with heavy objects, so he took the walkie-talkie and walked to the side to talk.
过了一会儿，一辆电瓶车开过来，保安示意两人上车，说白老板在上面的大院等他们。
After a while, a battery car drove over, and the security guard motioned for the two to get into the car, saying that Boss Bai was waiting for them in the compound above.
电瓶车开了有近十分钟才到山顶。 The battery car drove for nearly ten minutes to reach the top of the mountain.
人没下车，两人就听到了狗叫声。 Before the people got out of the car, the two heard the barking of dogs.
院子大门敞开着。 The gate of the courtyard was open.
驾驶电瓶车的保安抖了抖，似乎很怕那院子里的大狗，车都没下就跑了。
The security guard driving the battery car trembled, as if he was afraid of the big dog in the yard, and the car ran away before he could get out.
王叶和雷木刚刚走到院门口，一只头颅脖颈毛发尤其旺盛的黑褐色大狗猛地扑过来。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu had just walked to the gate of the courtyard when a big black-brown dog with particularly strong head and neck hair pounced on them.
雷木抬手按住了大狗的脑袋。 Remu raised his hand and pressed the big dog's head.
大狗嘴巴张开，发出可怕的叫声。 The big dog's mouth opened and it barked terribly.
雷木手按住大狗的脑袋不放。 Lei Mu held down the big dog's head and didn't let go.
“呜……”大狗身体压低，趴到了地上。 "Woo......" The big dog lowered his body and fell to the ground.
两只藏獒都被拴着铁链，现在一只趴在地上，另一只被人紧紧拉着，那只藏獒四肢压低，对雷木不住发出低吼。
The two Tibetan mastiffs were chained, and now one was lying on the ground, and the other was being pulled tightly, and the Tibetan mastiff lowered its limbs and couldn't help but let out a low roar at Lei Mu.
雷木单手拿下墨镜，眼睛冷冷扫过去。 Lei Mu took off his sunglasses with one hand, and his eyes swept over coldly.
那藏獒突然就不叫了，且往后退了两步。 The Tibetan mastiff suddenly stopped barking and took two steps back.
白子秋恰在此时从屋里走出来：“哟，这是哪来的贵客，让我养的两只藏獒都不敢叫了。”
Bai Ziqiu came out of the house at this time: "Yo, where did this guest come from, let the two Tibetan mastiffs I raised dare not scream." ”
“藏獒本来就不爱叫，它叫就表示它受到威胁，想要攻击了。”王叶从雷木身后走出来。
"The Tibetan mastiff doesn't like to bark in the first place, and if it barks, it means that it is threatened and wants to attack." Wang Ye walked out from behind Lei Mu.
“你小子挺懂的啊。你是哪家的？你家大人认识我？”白子秋挥手，让人把两只藏獒带下去。
"You kid knows a lot. Where are you? Do you know me? Bai Ziqiu waved his hand and asked people to take the two Tibetan mastiffs down.
但那两只藏獒却站在原地没有动，拉拽它们的人也不敢用力，怕这两只狗回头咬他们一口。
But the two Tibetan mastiffs stood still and did not move, and the people who pulled them did not dare to use force, for fear that the two dogs would turn around and bite them.
雷木揉揉狗头，拍拍它，表示它可以走了。 Raimu rubbed the dog's head and patted it, indicating that it could go.
那藏獒这才爬起来，慢慢地往回走。另一只也才敢跟上。
The Tibetan mastiff got up and walked back slowly. The other dared to follow.
白子秋看到这一幕，眼中警惕加重，嘴中却发出大笑声：“厉害！两位里面请。”
When Bai Ziqiu saw this scene, his eyes became more vigilant, but his mouth burst into laughter: "Amazing! Two inside please. ”
进入客厅，王叶就让雷木把旅行包放到昂贵的红木茶几上。
Entering the living room, Wang Ye asked Lei Mu to put the travel bag on the expensive mahogany coffee table.
duang的响声，可以听出这大包有多沉重。 The sound of duang can hear how heavy this big bag is.
雷木拉开大包拉链……他发现他喜欢上拉链了。 Lei Mu unzipped the bag...... He found that he liked zippers.
客厅里站立的人看清包内物品，齐齐倒抽一口冷气。 The people standing in the living room saw the contents of the bag and gasped in unison.
这竟然是一包金条。 It turned out to be a pack of gold bars.
白子秋挑挑眉，在对面沙发上一屁股坐下。 Bai Ziqiu raised his eyebrows and sat down on the sofa opposite.
“这就是你们想让我掌眼的货物？” "This is the cargo you want me to look at?"
雷木只单单地发出一声：“嗯。” Remu just let out a sigh, "Hmm." ”
王叶接口：“先麻烦白老板看看货吧。” Wang Ye interface: "Let's trouble Boss Bai to take a look at the goods first." ”
白子秋取了一根金条看了看，又丢回包里，让人另外喊了一个人过来，还带了仪器。
Bai Ziqiu took a gold bar and looked at it, then threw it back into his bag, and asked someone else to come over and bring the instrument.
来的大师傅很仔细地把旅行包里的金条全都检查了一遍，过称，记下重量，还用仪器抽检。
The master who came carefully checked all the gold bars in the travel bag, weighed them, wrote down the weights, and used instruments to spot them.
最后对白子秋举起手，做了个手势。 Finally, he raised his hand to Bai Ziqiu and made a gesture.
白子秋挥手。 Bai Ziqiu waved his hand.
大师傅和不相干的人全部离开。 The master and the irrelevant people all left.
客厅里只剩下白子秋和他的两个保镖，以及雷木和王叶两人。
Only Bai Ziqiu and his two bodyguards were left in the living room, as well as Lei Mu and Wang Ye.
“看完了，货不错，成色很足。然后呢？”白子秋漫不经心地道。
"After reading it, the goods are good, and the condition is very good. And then what? Bai Ziqiu said casually.
王叶：“这么重的东西我们也不想带回去了，听说白老板有金铺，那就请你给个价，如果合适，这批货我们就留这儿了。”
Wang Ye: "We don't want to bring back such a heavy thing, I heard that Boss Bai has a gold shop, then please give a price, if it is suitable, we will keep this batch of goods here." ”
白子秋心中困惑，这小不点虽然遮着口鼻和眼睛，但只听声音就知道年龄不大。让这么一个小毛孩负责商谈，大的那个就这么放心？
Bai Ziqiu was puzzled in his heart, although this little little bit covered his mouth, nose and eyes, he knew that he was not old just by listening to the voice. Let such a small hairy child be in charge of the negotiation, and the big one is so relieved?
“这么多货，可不好收啊。现在全世界经济情况不太好，这不当饭吃的奢侈品就更难卖了。”白子秋身体后仰，叹息。
"There are so many goods, it's not easy to receive. Now that the world's economy is not doing well, it is even more difficult to sell this luxury that is not suitable for food. Bai Ziqiu leaned back and sighed.
王叶嗤笑：“白老板，我智商两百八，你就别跟我说这种耍小孩的鬼话了。经济情况越不好，黄金价格就越高，收藏和购买黄金的人也会更多。君不见，这两年世界疫情，那金价涨得就跟飞的一样。”
Wang Ye sneered: "Boss Bai, I have an IQ of two hundred and eight, don't tell me this kind of nonsense about playing children." The worse the economy, the higher the price of gold, and the more people will collect and buy gold. Don't you see, in the past two years of the world epidemic, the price of gold has risen like flying. ”
“这些货你要是不想要，我们兄弟也不会非要留下。主要是我爷爷告诉我，在钟山市，能一次吃下这么多货的人很少，白老板就是这很少中的一个，也是比较讲信誉的一位。我才和我哥先过来找你，没想到我们还没到门口，你就放狗咬我们。”
"If you don't want these goods, our brother won't have to keep them. The main reason is that my grandfather told me that in Zhongshan City, there are very few people who can eat so many goods at one time, and Boss Bai is one of these few, and he is also a more reputable one. My brother and I came to look for you first, but we didn't expect that before we got to the door, you let the dog bite us. ”
“哪有的事，误会，都是误会。”白子秋一边在心中猜测两人身份，一边讪笑：“我那两只獒犬看到陌生人就会警惕，大金大概是感觉到你哥身上的杀气，它才会扑过去。”
"Everything, misunderstanding, it's all misunderstanding." Bai Ziqiu sneered while guessing the identities of the two in his heart: "My two mastiffs will be vigilant when they see strangers, and Dajin will probably feel the murderous aura on your brother's body, so it will pounce." ”
王叶呵呵：“你说什么就是什么吧。不好意思，我小孩耐心不好，这批货你到底要不要？”
Wang Ye hehe: "What you say is what it is." I'm sorry, my child's patience is not good, do you want this batch of goods? ”
白子秋看向一直没开口的雷木。 Bai Ziqiu looked at Lei Mu, who had not spoken.
雷木一指王叶，表示这事都由小的这个负责。 Lei Mu pointed at Wang Ye, indicating that the little one was responsible for this matter.
白子秋：“……” Bai Ziqiu: "......"
王叶嘿嘿笑：“我哥想要锻炼我，这次卖货就全交给我了，我哥说了，如果我做得好，就分我五分之一当零花钱。”
Wang Ye smiled: "My brother wants to train me, this time the sale will be all handed over to me, my brother said, if I do well, I will share one-fifth of my pocket money." ”
白子秋：妈的，老子最讨厌这种把挣钱当玩耍的有背景熊孩子！
Bai Ziqiu: Damn, Lao Tzu hates this kind of background bear child who uses making money as play!
但也因为这种认识，白子秋熄灭了打探两人底细的意思。就这么两个人，其中还有一个是小毛孩，就敢带这么多黄金跑他这儿来，这要不是傻大胆，那就是身后靠山极为厉害。
But also because of this understanding, Bai Ziqiu extinguished the intention of exploring the details of the two. Just such two people, one of them is a little hairy boy, they dare to bring so much gold to him here, if this is not stupid and bold, it is that the backer behind him is extremely powerful.
更不要说大的那个都能让两只獒犬怕得连叫都不敢叫。 Not to mention the big one, which can make the two mastiffs so scared that they don't even dare to bark.
白子秋能混到现在，还越混越好，就是他有眼光，也知道什么人能招惹、什么人不能招惹。
Bai Ziqiu has been able to mix up until now, and the more he mixes, the better, that is, he has a vision, and he also knows who can and can't be provoked.
“行吧，既然是小兄弟第一次出来做买卖，我这个做叔叔的也不能不帮你一把。”白子秋笑眯眯地占了个便宜。
"Okay, since it's the first time that the little brother has come out to do business, I, as an uncle, can't help you." Bai Ziqiu took advantage with a smile.
但他哪里知道王叶脸皮比他还厚，直接就打蛇随棍上，张嘴就喊：“那叔啊，你可得给侄子我一个好价格，让我在我哥面前长长脸呗。”
But how did he know that Wang Ye was thicker than him, so he directly hit the snake with the stick, and shouted when he opened his mouth: "That uncle, you have to give my nephew a good price, so that I can have a long face in front of my brother." ”
白子秋脸黑了：妈的便宜没占到！老子还得倒贴。 Bai Ziqiu's face darkened: Damn, I didn't take advantage of it! Lao Tzu still has to be upside down.
“市场价一半。” "Half the market price."
“我说白叔，你就是这么坑你大侄子的？市场价一半？我去卖废品也不止这个价啊！”王叶跳起来。
"I said Uncle Bai, that's how you cheated your eldest nephew? Half the market price? I sell scrap for more than that! Wang Ye jumped up.
白子秋怼：“那你去卖废品啊。” Bai Ziqiu said: "Then you go sell scrap." ”
“行，哥，我们走，我们去废品站，爷爷告诉我有个收废品的，价格给得高。”王叶上手就去拉雷木。
"Okay, brother, let's go, let's go to the scrap station, grandpa told me that there is a scrap collector, and the price is high." Wang Ye started to pull the thunder wood.
雷木也真的站了起来。 Reimu really stood up, too.
白子秋暗骂，这小孩怎么不按牌理出牌？果然不能和小孩子打交道，太熊了，做事完全凭心情。
Bai Ziqiu scolded secretly, why doesn't this kid play cards according to the rules? Sure enough, I can't deal with children, it's too bearish, and I do things completely according to my mood.
“等等等等。叔跟你开玩笑呢，哪能让你们大老远跑一趟，把这么重的东西拎过来又拎过去。两百，这是最高价了。你们可以在整个钟山市问问，能一次性吃下这么多，还能给出这么高价的，除了我白子秋，还能有谁？”
"Blah blah. Uncle is joking with you, how can you make a long trip to carry such a heavy thing over and over again. Two hundred, that's the highest price. You can ask in the entire Zhongshan City, who else can eat so much at one time and give such a high price, except for me Bai Ziqiu? ”
王叶鼓起嘴巴：“这么低的价……大不了我麻烦点，分开卖。”
Wang Ye puffed out his mouth: "Such a low price...... It's a big deal that I'm in trouble and sell them separately. ”
白子秋耐心道：“小兄弟，做人不能太贪，差不多就行了。我销货也要负担风险，现在金价是高，但说不定明天就跌下来了。而且我做成金饰卖，也有损耗的嘛。两百真不低了。”
Bai Ziqiu said patiently: "Little brother, you can't be too greedy, it's almost enough." I also have to bear the risk of selling, the price of gold is high now, but maybe it will fall tomorrow. And I sell it as gold jewelry, and there is also a loss. Two hundred is not low. ”
“两百三。”王叶出了个价。 "Two hundred and three." Wang Ye made a price.
白子秋直摇头。 Bai Ziqiu shook his head.
“两百一。”雷木突然开口，并拎起旅行袋提手。 "Two hundred and one." Raimu spoke suddenly, and picked up the handle of his travel bag.
白子秋立马道：“行，就两百一！” Bai Ziqiu immediately said: "Okay, it's two hundred and one!" ”
王叶在心里比了个V，他的心理价位是一百八，超过这个数都是赚。谁让他的货物份量大呢，找个一次性能吃这么多，重点是还没有后顾之忧的真心不多。
Wang Ye compared a V in his heart, his psychological price is one hundred and eighteen, and more than this number is earned. Who made his cargo heavy, find a performance to eat so much, the point is that there are not many sincere people who have no worries.
旅行包里一共有五十公斤的足金条。 There were a total of 50 kilograms of pure gold bars in the travel bag.
白子秋拿出三张银行卡：“两张各五百万，一张单独五十万，一共一千零五十万。密码是八个八。”
Bai Ziqiu took out three bank cards: "Two are five million each, and one is 500,000 alone, a total of 10.5 million." The password is eight eights. ”
王叶接过银行卡，这是现在比较流行的支付方式。 Wang Ye took the bank card, which is now a more popular payment method.
虽然取钱也会留下痕迹，遇到那不讲信义的还有可能冻结卡片，但做这种事的一般有家有业，很少会干出前头给钱后头冻结卡片的事，谁都怕被报复。
Although withdrawing money will also leave traces, and it is possible to freeze the card when encountering those who do not pay attention to faith, but those who do this kind of thing generally have a family and a business, and rarely do the thing of freezing the card after giving money before, and everyone is afraid of being retaliated.
而且做他们这行，信誉很重要，今天他白子秋坑别人一次，下次就再也不会有人来找他销赃。
And to do their business, reputation is very important, today he pits others once, and next time no one will come to him to sell stolen goods.
这么多钱也不方便马上从银行里取出来，一般真销赃的人会准备好几张从他人手上买来的账号，转个几次，对方就查不清这笔款项流到谁手上了。
It is inconvenient to withdraw so much money from the bank immediately, and generally people who really sell stolen goods will prepare a few account numbers bought from others, and if they transfer it a few times, the other party will not be able to find out who the money has flowed to.
但王叶现在没这个条件，只能冒险。他打算直接拿这三张银行卡去买房买游戏舱。
But Wang Ye doesn't have this condition now, so he can only take risks. He plans to use these three bank cards directly to buy a house and a game cabin.
不过就算白子秋查到他的身份底细，九成九也不会对他和他姑做什么，因为白子秋这样的聪明人会下意识怀疑他们家只是一个被借用的账号。
However, even if Bai Ziqiu found out the details of his identity, ninety percent of them would not do anything to him and his aunt, because a smart person like Bai Ziqiu would subconsciously suspect that their family was just a borrowed account.
等以后白子秋确定黄金真的是他弄来的，那时他也不用担心白子秋找他麻烦了。
Later, Bai Ziqiu was sure that the gold was really obtained by him, and at that time, he didn't have to worry about Bai Ziqiu making trouble with him.
不止是他实力增长的原因，还因为再过两个月，白子秋的独生子会被查出得了1型糖尿病，并在刚开始发病时就休克了。
is not only the reason for the growth of his strength, but also because in two months, Bai Ziqiu's only son will be found to have type 1 diabetes, and he will go into shock at the beginning of the onset.
1型糖尿病可比2型危险得多，多发于儿童和少年，因为产生胰岛素的细胞已经彻底损坏，只能终身注射胰岛素，一旦胰岛素不能及时注射，很可能会导致患者昏迷甚至死亡。
Type 1 diabetes can be much more dangerous than type 2 and is more common in children and adolescents because the cells that produce insulin have been completely damaged and can only be injected for life.
这种病目前在地球还无法根治，只能用药物和胰岛素控制。
There is currently no cure for this disease on Earth, and it can only be controlled with drugs and insulin.
但十七年后，有一名专研糖尿病治疗的医药学家在游戏世界发现了一种治疗当地消渴症的土方，该土方效果极佳，在这个世界，消渴症是完全可以治愈的普通病症。
But seventeen years later, a medical scientist specializing in diabetes treatment discovered in the game world a very effective earthwork for thirst-quenching disease, a common condition that can be cured entirely in this world.
该医药学家知道这点后，先是不当回事，但后来越来越多的人传出这个游戏世界的神奇后，他决定试一试这个药方在现实中的作用。
When the pharmacist learned this, he didn't take it seriously at first, but then more and more people spread the news about the magic of this game world, and he decided to try the effect of this prescription in reality.
因为药方上的药草名和地球不同，该医药学家就拜了一名药师当老师，专研这个配方，对配方上的药草从习性到药效，研究了个透透彻彻。
Because the names of the herbs on the prescription are different from those of the earth, the pharmacist visited a pharmacist as a teacher to study this formula, and thoroughly studied the herbs on the formula from habits to efficacy.
很多人对他这样的行为无法理解，更多同行笑他傻，笑他白日做梦，说游戏世界的药方怎么能相信？
Many people can't understand his behavior, and more peers laugh at him for being stupid, laughing at him for daydreaming, saying that how can you believe the prescription of the game world?
可那个医药学家大概真有点傻，他一头栽进去了。 But the pharmacist was probably a bit stupid, and he fell headlong into it.
之后，该医药学家就在地球寻找相同习性和相同药效的药草，经过整整四年时间，他终于找到了替代物，研制出了一种可以修复产生胰岛素细胞的药剂。
After that, the physician searched the earth for herbs with the same habits and effects, and after four years, he finally found a replacement, developing an agent that could repair insulin-producing cells.
又两年后，糖尿病从不能治愈的疾病清单中消失。 After another two years, diabetes disappeared from the list of incurable diseases.
王叶既然学习了药草学，自然不可能放过这个配方。他不但知道双月星的原始配方，也知道那位医药学家用地球药物研究出来的完整配方。
Since Wang Ye had studied herbs, it was naturally impossible to let go of this formula. Not only did he know the original recipe for the Twin Moons, but he also knew the complete recipe that the pharmacist had developed with Earth Medicine.
该医药学家并没有公开他研究出来的配方，是他一个助手也是他的情人，因为不满他脚踩两只船，偷出了他的配方，公开了。
The pharmacist did not disclose the formula he had researched, but one of his assistants and his lover was dissatisfied with him stepping on two boats, stealing his formula, and making it public.
王叶不打算抢夺那位医药学家的专利，他打算就暗中配制几支药剂，以此来和白子秋建立一个更长久和更安全的关系。
Wang Ye didn't plan to snatch the patent of that pharmacist, he planned to secretly prepare a few potions in order to establish a longer and safer relationship with Bai Ziqiu.
第101章 买房 Chapter 101: Buying a House
从白子秋那里出来，王叶给雷木买了一个手机，不是什么好牌子，但雷木喜欢那机子的颜色和外形，不要水果就要它。
Coming out of Bai Ziqiu, Wang Ye bought a mobile phone for Lei Mu, which is not a good brand, but Lei Mu likes the color and shape of the machine, and he wants it if he doesn't want fruit.
随后王叶又要带雷木去吃大餐。 Then Wang Ye wanted to take Lei Mu to a big dinner again.
结果雷木却看中了路边到处都有的卤菜店，很想尝尝那些店里各种卤菜的味道。
As a result, Lei Mu took a fancy to the braised vegetable shops everywhere on the roadside, and he really wanted to taste the taste of the various braised vegetables in those shops.
王叶当然会满足雷木这样的小要求啦，他特地跑了几家钟山市比较有名的卤菜店，买了店里的招牌菜和雷木想吃的。
Of course, Wang Ye would meet Lei Mu's small request, he specially ran to a few famous braised vegetable shops in Zhongshan City, and bought the signature dishes in the store and what Lei Mu wanted to eat.
又去超市买了一些蔬菜，回家后七点不到。 I went to the supermarket again and bought some vegetables, and it was less than seven o'clock when I got home.
正好今天中午因为吃得迟，王沐才开始弄饭，她本来以为今晚要一个人吃饭了，打算就下点挂面。
It happened that Wang Mu started to cook because she ate late at noon today, she originally thought that she was going to eat alone tonight, so she planned to order some noodles.
结果侄子和他师兄回来了，还买了一堆菜。王叶把他从海沟岛带回来的海鲜也混在其中。
As a result, the nephew and his brother came back and bought a bunch of vegetables. Wang Ye also mixed the seafood he brought back from Trench Island.
王沐当即就高高兴兴地收拾起晚餐来，王叶和雷木在一边帮忙，三人说说笑笑，收拾起来也快。
Wang Mu immediately happily cleaned up the dinner, Wang Ye and Lei Mu helped on the side, and the three of them talked and laughed, and they cleaned up quickly.
一顿以卤菜为主，海鲜做辅，蔬菜做点缀的晚餐，吃得王沐赞不绝口。
A dinner based on braised vegetables, supplemented by seafood, and decorated with vegetables, Wang Mu was full of praise.
“这海鲜你在哪儿买的？真新鲜，味道也好。”王沐夹起鱿鱼圈问。
"Where did you buy this seafood? It's so fresh and it tastes good. Wang Mu picked up the squid ring and asked.
“路上看到的，我就是看那人卖的货新鲜才多买了一些。姑，多的我都冻起来了，你记得吃。”
"What I saw on the road, I just bought more because of the freshness of the goods sold by the man. Aunt, I've frozen a lot, you remember to eat. ”
鱿鱼这东西，海沟岛人都不吃，抓到都是扔掉，满满一大箩筐，被王叶以一个银币的价格全买了回来，海沟岛人还觉得他给得太多。
The squid is not eaten by the people of Trench Island, and they are all thrown away when they are caught, and a large basket is full, and Wang Ye bought it all back at the price of a silver coin, and the people of Trench Island still think that he gave too much.
雷木对卤豆腐干和糖醋海带最喜欢，卤猪蹄也喜欢，他觉得每一样菜都很好吃。有些味道对于他稍微刺激了一些，但只要多吃几口习惯了，也觉得很不错。
Lei Mu likes braised dried tofu and sweet and sour kelp the most, and he also likes braised pork trotters, and he thinks each dish is delicious. Some of the flavors are a little irritating to him, but as long as he gets used to eating a few more bites, he also thinks it is very good.
王叶发现雷木不喜欢吃萝卜，他姑做的萝卜排骨汤，雷木只喝了一口，但雷木可能不想他姑难过，就押着继续喝。
Wang Ye found that Lei Mu didn't like to eat radish, and Lei Mu only drank one sip of the radish pork rib soup made by his aunt, but Lei Mu probably didn't want his aunt to be sad, so he continued to drink.
王叶顺手就把雷木的汤碗拿过来。 Wang Ye took Lei Mu's soup bowl with his hand.
雷木假装不知道。 Remu pretended not to know.
王沐看到，嘀咕：“小叶子，你怎么吃你师兄的汤，你要吃自己去盛。”
Wang Mu saw it and muttered: "Xiao Yezi, how do you eat your senior brother's soup, you have to eat it yourself." ”
王叶小任性：“不，我就要吃师兄这碗。” Wang Yexiao was willful: "No, I'm going to eat this bowl of senior brother." ”
王沐还想给雷木再盛一碗，雷木忙摆手表示够了。 Wang Mu also wanted to give Lei Mu another bowl, but Lei Mu hurriedly waved his hand to indicate that it was enough.
王叶也拉住王沐说不用这么客气，他师兄想喝会自己盛。
Wang Ye also grabbed Wang Mu and said that there was no need to be so polite, his senior brother wanted to drink it himself.
王沐这才罢了。 Wang Mu just that's it.
“姑，明天我们去看房子吧。”王叶提到。 "Auntie, let's go see the house tomorrow." Wang Ye mentioned.
王沐一愣，随即露出喜色：“好啊，正好我也想要去看看房子，我听说城南那片有个镇子刚开发，那个镇子已经并到城南大区里面，那里的房价应该不贵。”
Wang Mu was stunned for a moment, and then showed joy: "Okay, it just so happens that I also want to go and see the house, I heard that there is a town in the south of the city that has just been developed, and that town has been merged into the south of the city, and the housing prices there should not be expensive." ”
王叶摇头：“不去那边，太远了。我们找个距离市中心三十分钟车程以内，最好家门口能有地铁的楼盘，我师父已经帮我挑中一个楼盘。”
Wang Ye shook his head: "Don't go over there, it's too far." We are looking for a property that is within a 30-minute drive of the city center, preferably with a subway at our doorstep, and my master has already helped me choose one. ”
王沐迟疑：“附近有地铁的都贵。我们恐怕不好贷款。”
Wang Mu hesitated: "Those who have subways nearby are expensive." I'm afraid we're not going to be able to get a loan. ”
王叶：“不用贷款。姑，我师父把我当儿子养，他知道咱们家没有固定的房产，就给了我一笔钱，让我回来买房子，我师兄这次跟我一起回来，就是为这事。”
Wang Ye: "No loan. Aunt, my master raised me as a son, and he knew that our family did not have a fixed property, so he gave me a sum of money and asked me to come back to buy a house. ”
王沐吃惊：“你师父他……”对你也太好了吧？ Wang Mu was surprised: "Your master, he ......" is too good for you, right?
王叶嘿嘿笑道：“姑，你不用太惊讶，我师父说让我给他养老，而且师父很有钱，这点买房子的钱对他来说就是毛毛雨。”
Wang Ye said with a smile: "Aunt, don't be too surprised, my master said that I should provide for him, and my master is very rich, and this money to buy a house is a drizzle for him." ”
王沐放下筷子，不安又惶恐地道：“你师父有钱是你师父的事，你作为弟子，给他养老送终是应该的，可让你师父掏钱给你买房子，那就有点过了。”
Wang Mu put down his chopsticks and said uneasily and fearfully: "It's your master's business that your master has money, and as a disciple, it is right for you to provide for his old age, but let your master pay for you to buy a house, it will be a bit too much." ”
而且这房子她还要住进去，这就更不好了。 And she still has to live in this house, which is even worse.
王叶不在意地道：“姑，你不用想太多。我师父也是为了让我能安心跟他学习，他还说让我好好孝顺你，说如果我对你不好，就是狼心狗肺。”
Wang Ye said nonchalantly: "Aunt, you don't have to think too much. My master also said that I could study with him with peace of mind, and he also said that I should be filial to you, saying that if I treat you badly, I will be wolf-hearted. ”
王沐眼圈红了，心中对王叶那个没见过面的师父满是感激。不止是感激王叶师父教育王叶对她这个姑姑好，更感激这个师父愿意全心全意地教养王叶。
Wang Mu's eyes were red, and his heart was full of gratitude to Wang Ye's master who had never met. is not only grateful to Master Wang Ye for educating Wang Ye to be good to her aunt, but also grateful for this master's willingness to raise Wang Ye wholeheartedly.
雷木听不懂两人在说什么，但回来的路上，王叶一直在跟他说买房的事，也说了他姑的心病，这时他看王沐眼睛红了，下意识地安慰她：“买房，您住。”
Lei Mu couldn't understand what the two were saying, but on the way back, Wang Ye kept telling him about buying a house and his aunt's heart disease, at this time he saw that Wang Mu's eyes were red, and subconsciously comforted her: "Buy a house, you live." ”
王沐当即就泪奔了。 Wang Mu immediately burst into tears.
雷木看王沐不但没有高兴，反而哭起来，顿时有点手足无措。
Lei Mu saw that Wang Mu was not only not happy, but cried, and suddenly felt a little at a loss.
别人在他面前哭，他无所谓，但这可是小叶子的亲姑姑，据说也是唯一愿意抚养小叶子并对他特别好的亲人。
He doesn't care if others cry in front of him, but this is Xiao Yezi's aunt, and it is said that she is also the only relative who is willing to raise Xiao Yezi and is very good to him.
王叶让雷木别在意，说他姑泪点低，一遇到什么感动的事就容易掉眼泪。
Wang Ye asked Lei Mu not to care, saying that his aunt's tears were low, and he was easy to shed tears when he encountered something moving.
王沐不好意思，赶紧起身去洗脸擦脸，回来跟雷木解释她就是高兴的。
Wang Mu was embarrassed, so she quickly got up to wash her face and wipe her face, and came back to explain to Lei Mu that she was happy.
王叶对他姑扮了个鬼脸。 Wang Ye grimaced at his aunt.
王沐拍他。 Wang Mu patted him.
饭桌的气氛又热闹起来，王沐问侄子，他师父挑中的是哪个楼盘。
The atmosphere at the dinner table became lively again, and Wang Mu asked his nephew which real estate his master had chosen.
姑侄俩拿着手机查看那个楼盘的信息。 The aunt and nephew took their mobile phones to check the information of that real estate.
王叶还又找了几个后来评论都不错的楼盘让他姑挑选。 Wang Ye also found a few more real estate projects with good reviews for him to choose.
雷木刚学会玩手机，也跟着凑热闹，他看不懂文字，但能看懂图片。
Lei Mu just learned to play with his mobile phone, and he also joined in the fun, he couldn't read the text, but he could understand the pictures.
吃过饭，王沐打开电视，雷木看得目不转睛，连广告都看得津津有味。
After eating, Wang Mu turned on the TV, Lei Mu couldn't take his eyes off it, and even watched the advertisements with relish.
电器类，甚至是手机的通讯功能，在双月星也能找到类似的魔器。
Electrical appliances, and even the communication function of mobile phones, similar magic weapons can be found in Double Moon Star.
但电视中那些节目，还有电视剧和电影，那对雷木可就太新奇了。
But those programs on TV, as well as TV series and movies, are too new to Raimuke.
哪怕王叶告诉他，那些都是人演出来，有些看起来十分夸张的动作和技能等都是电脑特效，但雷木还是觉得地球人好神奇。
Even if Wang Ye told him that those were all performed by people, and some of the actions and skills that seemed to be very exaggerated were computer special effects, Lei Mu still felt that the earthlings were amazing.
当他翻到军事频道，看到里面那整齐威武的军容、威力强大的武器、宏伟的航母和能从天空攻击的战机等，雷木的神情微微改变。
When he flipped to the military channel and saw the neat and mighty military appearance, powerful weapons, magnificent aircraft carriers, and fighters that could attack from the sky, Lei Mu's expression changed slightly.
到了十一点，雷木还想继续看下去，但怕耽误王沐休息，就去洗洗睡了。
At eleven o'clock, Lei Mu still wanted to continue watching, but he was afraid of delaying Wang Mu's rest, so he went to wash and sleep.
虫巢空间还没弄好，雷木就和王叶睡在一张床上。 Before the nest space was ready, Lei Mu slept in the same bed with Wang Ye.
还好床是一米五宽，睡两个人足够，王叶打开房间内的空调，穿着一条小裤衩滚进雷木怀里，呼噜呼噜睡得像头小猪。
Fortunately, the bed is one meter and five wide, enough to sleep two people, Wang Ye turned on the air conditioner in the room, rolled into Lei Mu's arms wearing a pair of small pants, and slept like a little pig.
地球可比双月星安全多了，王叶整个人都放松下来，睡得特别沉。
The earth is much safer than the double moon star, and Wang Ye's whole person relaxed and slept very deeply.
雷木盯着空调看了一会儿，拉上薄被，搂着小叶子也睡着了。
Lei Mu stared at the air conditioner for a while, pulled on the thin quilt, and fell asleep with Xiao Ye in his arms.
次日，三人出门看房。 The next day, the three of them went out to see the house.
王叶其实已经有目标，上辈子他就看中了一个楼盘，可惜那楼盘价格高昂，一直等到王叶在游戏中混了四五年，积累了一定财富，他才在这个楼盘区买了一个不到九十平的中套房。
Wang Ye actually has a goal, he took a fancy to a real estate in his last life, but unfortunately the price of the real estate is high, until Wang Ye has been mixed in the game for four or five years and accumulated a certain amount of wealth, he bought a medium suite of less than 90 square meters in this real estate area.
现在这楼盘还不显眼，位于城北新区和旧城的交界处，距离市中心不远，目前还没有地铁通过，交通不是很方便。卖点就是小区后面有个大湖，右边是湿地公园，风景和空气好，又号称能扛得住八级地震，没有高层，全都是四层的花园洋房，还带电梯，被称为是养老楼盘。
Now this real estate is not conspicuous, located at the junction of the new area in the north of the city and the old city, not far from the city center, there is no subway through at present, and the traffic is not very convenient. The selling point is that there is a big lake behind the community, the wetland park on the right, the scenery and air are good, and it is claimed to be able to withstand an eight-magnitude earthquake, there are no high-rises, all are four-story garden houses, and there are elevators, which are called pension real estate.
目前第一期已经全部盖好，都是现房。 At present, the first phase has been fully built, and it is all existing houses.
可因为太偏僻，主要是没有什么商业规划，购物看病等生活方面都很不方便，喜欢该楼盘的人很多，购买的人却不多。
But because it is too remote, mainly because there is no business planning, shopping and medical treatment and other aspects of life are very inconvenient, there are many people who like the real estate, but not many people buy.
但就在一年后，钟山市一把手和二把手同时换人，整个城市的发展区域重新规划，那片区被划入重点开发区域，钟山大学分校区被搬到那边，钟山市第二医院也选址那处，随后地铁二号线延线，终点站就被设置在那小区的门口。
But just a year later, the first and second leaders of Zhongshan City were changed at the same time, the development area of the whole city was re-planned, the area was classified as a key development area, the branch campus of Zhongshan University was moved there, and the Second Hospital of Zhongshan City was also located there, and then Metro Line 2 was extended, and the terminal station was set at the door of the community.
小区对面就是中山大学分校区大门，再往左边走路十分钟就是第二医院门诊大楼。
Opposite the community is the gate of the branch campus of Sun Yat-sen University, and then walk to the left for ten minutes to the outpatient building of the Second Hospital.
右边是湿地风景区，后面的湖泊被改建为市民公园。 On the right is the wetland scenic area, and the lake behind it has been converted into a citizen park.
且因为得到市里的重点扶持，当地建设和发展速度都非常快，第三年地铁就通了，该小区的房价也就跟乘坐了火箭一样，疯狂飙升，等到王叶买房的时候，这楼盘的房价已经达到六万多一平米。
And because of the key support of the city, the local construction and development speed is very fast, the subway will be opened in the third year, and the housing prices of the community will be like taking a rocket, soaring wildly, and when Wang Ye buys a house, the housing price of this real estate has reached more than 60,000 square meters.
而现在，这个楼盘的均价才只有一万四左右。 Now, the average price of this real estate is only about 14,000.
王沐还想去找中介了解情况，但王叶说他师父得到的是内幕消息，说这个区未来会有很好的规划，地铁也会延伸过来，让他姑暂时别说出去。
Wang Mu also wanted to find an intermediary to understand the situation, but Wang Ye said that his master got inside information, saying that this district would have a good plan in the future, and the subway would also be extended, so let his aunt not talk about it for the time being.
王沐对王叶师父那就是当神人看的，听说这位得到了内幕消息，那是毫无怀疑，更连连答应绝不会把内幕消息说出去。
Wang Mu saw Master Wang Ye as a god, and when he heard that he had gotten inside information, he had no doubts, and he promised again and again that he would never tell the inside information.
该楼盘售楼处十分萧条，三个售楼员在那儿就玩手机了。
The sales office of the real estate is very depressed, and the three salesmen are playing with their mobile phones there.
看到王沐三人推门进来，三个售楼员抬头打量了下三人，似乎在根据他们的衣着和饰物判断他们是否是优质客户。
Seeing Wang Mu and the three of them pushing the door in, the three salesmen looked up at the three of them, as if they were judging whether they were high-quality customers based on their clothes and accessories.
三人都戴了口罩，雷木的脸没有露出来。三人都不喜欢戴首饰，衣服也都是超市买的，乍一看三人就像最普通的一家三口。
All three wore masks, and Reimu's face was not revealed. The three of them don't like to wear jewelry, and their clothes are all bought in the supermarket, so at first glance the three of them look like the most ordinary family of three.
其中一个售楼员多看了三人两眼，觉得三人有点眼熟。但很快，她判断三人不是什么优质客户，就不感兴趣地低下了头。
One of the salesmen looked at the three more and felt that the three were a little familiar. But soon, she judged that the three of them were not high-quality customers, so she lowered her head in disinterest.
王叶看到这名售楼员的脸，顿时生出这个世界真小的感慨。
When Wang Ye saw the face of the salesman, he suddenly felt that this world was really small.
那售楼员竟然就是他们昨天在拍卖行办事处碰到的黄裙女钱丽。
The salesperson turned out to be Qian Li, the woman in the yellow dress they met at the auction house office yesterday.
雷木和王沐也认出了钱丽，但两人都没做任何表示。 Lei Mu and Wang Mu also recognized Qian Li, but neither of them made any statement.
剩下的两名售楼员，年龄大的那个男售楼员早就隔窗看到三人是坐出租车来的，见三人进门，头都没抬。
The remaining two salesmen, the older male salesman, had already seen the three people coming by taxi through the window, and when they saw the three people entering the door, they didn't raise their heads.
另一名年龄较小的售楼员站了起来，她刚来，这里客人不多，每次都要靠合作的中介公司带人过来。只有人多的时候，她才能被分配到客人，或者就是遇到这种其他售楼员不感兴趣的客人，她才能去接待。
Another younger salesperson stood up, she had just arrived, there were not many customers here, and she had to rely on the agency she cooperated with to bring people over every time. She can only be assigned to guests when there are many people, or if she encounters such guests who are not interested in other salespeople, she can go to receive them.
“三位好，来看房子吗？”二十不到的售楼员堆起笑容，迎上三人。
"Hello three, come and see the house?" The sales clerk who was less than twenty years old smiled and greeted the three of them.
听了一通介绍后，王叶指向靠近大湖的一排楼房，“带我们去这里看看。”
After listening to the introduction, Wang Ye pointed to a row of buildings near the big lake, "Take us here to have a look." ”
该楼盘以这个湖泊命名，就叫潜龙湖庄园。 The real estate is named after this lake, and it is called Qianlong Lake Manor.
整个楼盘就围绕潜龙湖进行开发，从东往西，第一期楼盘就在最东边。
The entire real estate is developed around Qianlong Lake, from east to west, and the first phase of the real estate is in the easternmost part.
地铁口也就设在第一期楼盘大门的街对面，也是钟山大学分校区的校园门口。
The subway entrance is also located across the street from the gate of the first phase of the real estate, and it is also the campus gate of the branch area of Zhongshan University.
售楼员见两名大人不反对，就叫来电瓶车，带着三人去了湖泊东边。
Seeing that the two adults did not object, the salesman called a battery car and took the three to the east of the lake.
这里风景确实不错，但因为正在建设的缘故，路不是怎么好，就已经建好的楼盘这一片看着还算可以。
The scenery here is really good, but because of the construction, the road is not very good, and the real estate that has been built looks okay.
三人的重点是房屋质量和格局，而王叶更是知道现在看着还有点野生状态的潜龙湖之后会被改建为市民公园，整个湖泊都会被围上一圈红色跑道，还会沿湖栽种柳树和建造木制散步道，十分漂亮。
The focus of the three of them is on the quality and layout of the house, and Wang Ye knows that Qianlong Lake, which is still a bit wild now, will be transformed into a civic park in the future, and the entire lake will be surrounded by a red runway, and willow trees will be planted along the lake and a wooden promenade will be built, which is very beautiful.
王叶想要选择靠近湖泊的一排楼房，也是因为这一排看到的风景最好。而且第一期建造好时，这楼房还没什么名气，老板为了吸引客户，把楼间距拉得很大，楼盘绿化、车位和步道都做得很好。
Wang Ye wanted to choose a row of buildings near the lake, also because this row had the best scenery. And when the first phase was built, the building was not well-known, and the boss stretched the spacing between the buildings very much in order to attract customers, and the greening, parking spaces and trails of the building were all done well.
当年他想买的时候，能清楚看到湖泊和湿地公园的楼房几乎没有房源，有也贵得要死，最少都要八万一平米。第一期更贵。
When he wanted to buy it, he could clearly see that there were almost no houses in the buildings in the lake and wetland park, and some of them were extremely expensive, at least 80,000 square meters. The first installment is more expensive.
最后他买的是位于三期中间的一套房，距离地铁口走路要十分钟，推开窗也看不到什么风景，就这还要六万多一平。
In the end, he bought a suite located in the middle of the third phase, which is ten minutes' walk from the subway entrance, and he can't see any scenery when he opens the window, which is more than 60,000 square meters.
王叶当年为了买房，来踩过多次，知道哪一栋风景最好、综合性价比最高。
In order to buy a house, Wang Ye stepped on it many times and knew which one had the best scenery and the highest comprehensive cost performance.
售楼员看三人选择了湖泊边东头第二栋楼房，不由暗赞这三人眼光好，这栋楼房不但能看到湖景，因为角度关系，还能看到湖泊对边的湿地公园。
The sales clerk saw that the three of them chose the second building at the east end of the lake, and couldn't help but praise the three people for their good vision, this building can not only see the lake view, because of the angle relationship, but also see the wetland park on the opposite side of the lake.
不过这栋楼也有个小缺点，那就是这栋楼全都是大套房，一梯两户，每户都是面积两百二。
However, this building also has a small disadvantage, that is, this building is all large suites, one ladder and two households, each with an area of two hundred and two.
因为面积太大，这栋楼看中的人很多，但下手买的却没两个。
Because the area is too large, there are many people who fancy this building, but there are not two who buy it.
“这栋楼一楼到四楼都是一个价格？”王叶问。 "The first to fourth floors of this building are the same price?" Wang Ye asked.
售楼员奇怪为什么都是这个小孩问话，但还是回答道：“是的，我们的楼都是花园洋房，只有四层高，且都安装了电梯，不管哪一层，风景都非常好，上下很方便，所以价格也都一样。”
The salesman wondered why it was this child who asked, but still replied: "Yes, our buildings are all garden houses, only four stories high, and elevators are installed, no matter which floor, the scenery is very good, and it is very convenient to go up and down, so the price is the same." ”
“这栋楼的房价都是一万六千八一平？” "The house price of this building is 16,081 square meters?"
“对。这栋楼看风景最好，价格也就稍微高一些。” "Yes. This building has the best view, and the price is slightly higher. ”
“全额付款能打折吗？”王沐问。 "Can I get a discount for full payment?" Wang Mu asked.
售楼员心里一喜，忙道：“可以的，如果不是按揭，而是全额付款的话，一周内付清，可以打九八折。”
The sales clerk was overjoyed and hurriedly said: "Yes, if it is not a mortgage, but a full payment, it can be paid within a week, and you can get a ninety-eight discount." ”
王叶：“九折，我买两套，现在就可以付款。” Wang Ye: "Nine percent off, I'll buy two sets, and I can pay now." ”
售楼员呆住。 The salesman froze.
一下子买两套的客人不是没有，但真的很少，且是以中小户型居多，而且一个小孩说的话能信吗？
It's not that there are no customers who buy two sets at once, but there are really very few, and most of them are small and medium-sized apartments, and can you believe what a child says?
王沐也没想到侄子会一下要买两套房，也吃惊地看向他。
Wang Mu didn't expect his nephew to buy two suites at once, and he looked at him in surprise.
王叶低声跟王沐说：“我师父让买的，这楼盘以后一定会升值。”
Wang Ye whispered to Wang Mu: "My master asked me to buy it, and this real estate will definitely appreciate in the future." ”
但他买的这两套并不打算将来卖掉，而是就留给自己住的。他现在还小，跟他姑住一起无所谓，等他再大一些，和他姑住一起就不方便了，而且他姑还年轻，将来说不定也会再结婚生子，带着他这个拖油瓶算什么？
But he didn't plan to sell the two sets he bought in the future, but kept them for himself. He is still young now, it doesn't matter if he lives with his aunt, when he is older, it will be inconvenient to live with his aunt, and his aunt is still young, maybe she will get married and have children again in the future, what is it to take him as a drag oil bottle?
王沐这才恍然大悟，差点忘了小叶子师父有内幕消息。 Wang Mu suddenly realized that he almost forgot that Master Xiao Yezi had inside information.
王沐见售楼员看着自己，点头：“嗯，你要么问一下你们经理，如果你们愿意打九折，我们就买两套，全款。”
Wang Mu saw the salesman looking at him and nodded: "Well, you can either ask your manager, if you are willing to give a nine-percent discount, we will buy two sets and pay the full amount." ”
售楼员立刻给经理打电话，她无法给出那么高的折扣。 The salesperson immediately called the manager, and she couldn't give such a high discount.
经理来了，对于他们这个楼盘来说，一下子买两套也是大客户了，何况还是现付全款。
The manager is here, for their real estate, it is also a big customer to buy two sets at once, not to mention that they still pay the full amount in cash.
经过一番商讨，经理给出了一平米一万五千八的优惠价。
After some discussion, the manager gave a preferential price of 15,000 8 per square meter.
虽然没有达到九折，但能优惠一千一平米已经算不错，王叶当即刷卡买下了同栋楼的四楼两套。
Although it did not reach a nine-percent discount, it was already good to be able to discount 1,000 square meters, and Wang Ye immediately swiped his card to buy two sets on the fourth floor of the same building.
两套房买下来一共花了将近七百万。 The two houses cost a total of nearly seven million.
王叶打算把两套房一起装修起来。 Wang Ye plans to decorate the two suites together.
王沐想说只要装修一套就可以，但王叶说他师兄每次来总不能都住他们家，以后说不定他师父也会过来，住隔壁会更方便一点。
Wang Mu wanted to say that as long as he decorated one set, he could do it, but Wang Ye said that his senior brother couldn't live in their house every time he came, and maybe his master would come over in the future, and it would be more convenient to live next door.
王沐一想也是，而且不管买房还是装修都是王叶师父花钱，她多嘴反而显得她小气。
Wang Mu thought about it, and whether it was buying a house or decorating, Master Wang Ye spent money, but she was stingy when she was too talkative.
因为手续要到售楼处去办理，钱丽和那个男售楼员自然就都知道了这一家三口一下买了两套大户型，还现付全款的事。
Because the formalities had to be handled at the sales office, Qian Li and the male salesman naturally knew that this family of three bought two large apartments at once and paid the full amount in cash.
两人不禁都在心中暗骂：有钱坐什么出租车！而且不戴名牌手表，也不拿名牌包，用的手机都是杂牌子，谁知道你们有钱啊。
Both of them couldn't help but curse in their hearts: what kind of taxi do you have money to take! And you don't wear brand-name watches, you don't take brand-name bags, and the mobile phones you use are all miscellaneous brands, who knows if you have money.
对比两人，年龄较小的售楼员则笑开了花，这两套房因为是大户型，她能提成千分之五，也就是她能拿到三万五千元的奖金。
Compared with the two, the younger salesman smiled, because these two suites are large, she can get five thousandths of a thousandth, that is, she can get a bonus of 35,000 yuan.
钱丽看到王沐摘下口罩，一下就认出了三人。 Qian Li saw Wang Mu take off her mask and recognized the three of them at once.
“啊，是你们！”钱丽走过来，阴阳怪气地道：“你们拿去那家拍卖行的东西是不是被评估出高价了？怪不得有钱来买房，还一下买两套。”
"Ah, it's you!" Qian Li walked over and said in a weird manner: "Did the things you take to that auction house be assessed at a high price?" No wonder you have the money to buy a house and buy two sets at once. ”
钱丽还想说你们有钱怎么不在城里买，有七百万在城里也能买到很好的房源，但想到她还在这儿工作，就没把这话说出口。
Qian Li also wanted to say why don't you buy it in the city if you have money, you can buy a good house in the city with seven million, but thinking that she is still working here, she didn't say it.
“不过你们那东西是已经卖掉了吗？怎么这么快就拿到钱了？”钱丽又是怀疑又是羡慕妒忌地问。
"But have you already sold that thing? How did you get the money so quickly? Qian Li asked suspiciously and enviously.
王沐见对方口气不好，也没好气地回：“关你什么事？”
Wang Mu saw that the other party had a bad tone, and replied angrily: "What's the matter with you?" ”
钱丽拉下脸：“我就问问，问都不能问了吗？穷人乍富，还以为自己多了不起呢？哼！”
Qian Li lowered her face: "I'll just ask, can't I ask?" When a poor person becomes rich, he still thinks he is great? Hum! ”
钱丽扭头就走，打算在网上发个帖子，好好给这家人宣扬一下。
Qian Li turned around and left, planning to make a post on the Internet to promote it to the family.
让你在老娘面前炫耀，让你们有钱就坐不住，老娘这就让你们知道财产露白的下场！
Let you show off in front of the old lady, so that you can't sit still if you have money, and the old lady will let you know the end of the property exposed!
第102章 告诉你一个秘密 Chapter 102: Tell You a Secret
雷木突然一个跨步上前，一把抓住钱丽手腕。 Lei Mu suddenly stepped forward and grabbed Qian Li's wrist.
钱丽尖叫起来：“你干什么！快放开！疼死我了！” Qian Li screamed: "What are you doing! Let go! It hurts me to death! ”
雷木夺下钱丽手中的手机，对王叶道：“她偷拍。” Lei Mu snatched the mobile phone from Qian Li's hand and said to Wang Ye: "She took pictures secretly." ”
王叶立即对那经理道：“你们员工怎么回事？说话阴阳怪气不说，还偷拍我们，她想干什么？”
Wang Ye immediately said to the manager: "What's the matter with your employees?" She doesn't talk about yin and yang, and she secretly photographs us, what does she want to do? ”
经理其实也有点懵逼。钱丽是个很能干的销售，虽然比较势利眼，平时也爱占些小便宜，但她见人说人话，见鬼说鬼话，特别能拍马屁，尤其讨那些老头子的欢喜，上去就能亲亲蜜蜜地叫哥，被某些色老头子占点小便宜也能保持笑容，因为他们这是养老楼盘，总体来说钱丽业绩还是很不错的。
The manager was actually a bit confused. Qian Li is a very capable salesperson, although she is more snobbish, and usually likes to take advantage of some small advantages, but she sees people talking about people, and she is especially able to pat on the back, especially to please those old men.
所以钱丽突然跑来讽刺客人，把经理都吓了一跳。 So Qian Li suddenly came to sarcastically mock the guests, which startled the manager.
经理正打算把钱丽叫到一边，就看雷木突然上前抓住钱丽的手，还以为是钱丽说话得罪人，让对方想教训她，听到王叶说话，才知道钱丽干了什么。
The manager was about to call Qian Li aside, but Lei Mu suddenly stepped forward and grabbed Qian Li's hand, thinking that Qian Li had offended people by speaking, so that the other party wanted to teach her a lesson, and when she heard Wang Ye speak, she knew what Qian Li had done.
“这也许是误会？”经理也不好立刻承认员工偷拍客人，硬着头皮解释。
"Maybe it's a misunderstanding?" It's not good for the manager to immediately admit that the employee secretly filmed the guest and explain it head-on.
钱丽还在那儿一个劲嚷嚷说有人抢手机还打伤了她，要报警。
Qian Li was still there shouting that someone had snatched her phone and injured her, and she wanted to call the police.
“那就报警。你偷拍我们还有理了？”王沐生气。 "Then call the police. Do you have a reason to secretly photograph us? Wang Mu was angry.
钱丽喊：“我没偷拍！我就是随便拍拍我们售楼处的照片，谁偷拍你们了，你们以为你们是谁啊，明星吗？”
Qian Li shouted: "I didn't shoot secretly!" I'm just taking a photo of our sales office, who took a picture of you secretly, who do you think you are, star? ”
“不管你拍的是什么，你不能未经允许就把我们拍进去，把照片删掉。”王沐厉声道。
"No matter what you're shooting, you can't just take us in without permission and delete the photos." Wang Mu said sharply.
钱丽翻白眼：“凭什么！拍照片是我的自由，我想拍什么就拍什么。你到风景区拍照，难不成要把其他游客的身影都删掉？”
Qian Li rolled her eyes: "Why! It's my freedom to take pictures, and I can take whatever I want. When you go to the scenic spot to take pictures, is it difficult to delete the figures of other tourists? ”
“那不是一码事！” "That's not the same thing!"
眼看王沐要和钱丽吵起来，王叶只对那经理说：“报警吧。这女人我们昨天在其他地方碰到过，听她婆母和她妯娌的话，她和她丈夫极有可能欠了大笔赌债，昨天他们一家闹腾就是想要老人卖房卖传家宝，好给他们家还赌债。现在她发现我们一家来买房，还认定我们拍卖了某物赚了大笔钱，又偷拍我们的照片，要说她没有什么图谋，你相信吗？”
Seeing that Wang Mu was going to quarrel with Qian Li, Wang Ye only said to the manager: "Call the police." This woman we met in other places yesterday, and listening to her mother-in-law and her concubine, it is very likely that she and her husband owe a large amount of gambling debts, and yesterday the family made a fuss about wanting the old man to sell his house and heirloom so that he could pay off the gambling debts for their family. Now that she finds out that our family has come to buy a house, and she thinks that we have made a lot of money by auctioning something, and she secretly takes pictures of us, do you believe that she has no plans? ”
王沐反应也快，立马道：“我们家才三口人，小的小，弱的弱，如果被坏人盯上，我们逃都逃不掉。报警，立刻报警！”
Wang Mu reacted quickly, and immediately said: "There are only three people in our family, small and weak, if we are targeted by bad people, we can't escape." Call the police, call the police immediately! ”
经理恍然，突然有点明白钱丽今天为什么表现异常，其实钱丽从早上来上班，人就不太对劲，别人和她说话，她要么不理睬，要么就是呛人。
The manager suddenly understood why Qian Li behaved abnormally today, in fact, Qian Li came to work in the morning, and people were not quite right, and when others talked to her, she either ignored them or choked people.
之前三个销售坐在那儿玩手机，他看到没说，就是因为今天三人的氛围不是很好。他也不想让钱丽在新人面前没脸，更不想火上浇油，就默认三人放松，正好今天也没有什么客人。
The three salesmen were sitting there playing with their mobile phones before, and he didn't say anything when he saw it, just because the atmosphere of the three of them today was not very good. He didn't want Qian Li to be faceless in front of the newcomer, let alone add fuel to the fire, so he acquiesced to the three of them relaxing, and there were no guests today.
谁想到…… Who would have thought......
钱丽慌了，也气急，她不怕警察来，毕竟她只是有想法，并没有实际做出来，大不了她就删照片。但她恨王叶把他们夫妻欠人赌债的事在同事面前曝光出来，害得她丢脸，当即破口大骂起来，说王叶他们胡说八道。
Qian Li panicked and was angry, she was not afraid of the police, after all, she just had an idea, and she didn't actually make it, so she deleted the photo if it was a big deal. But she hated Wang Ye for exposing the gambling debts owed by their husband and wife in front of her colleagues, which made her lose face, and immediately scolded her, saying that Wang Ye was talking nonsense.
“你们这是被害妄想症！有几个臭钱就以为别人要害你们，我根本没必要。没听说过一夜暴富的人转后就会倒大霉吗！”
"You are paranoia of victimization! If you have a few stinky money, you think that others are trying to harm you, I don't need to. Haven't you heard that people who get rich overnight will be unlucky after turning? ”
“你这个……你竟然诅咒我们！”王沐气坏了。 "You ...... You curse us! Wang Mu was angry.
经理头大，其他工作人员听到声音，都围过来看热闹，被经理喝退。
The manager had a big head, and when the other staff heard the voice, they all gathered around to see the excitement, and were dismissed by the manager.
但钱丽看那些员工交头接耳的样子，总觉得是在说自己，气得上前就要抓挠王叶。
But Qian Li looked at the way those employees exchanged their heads and ears, and always felt that they were talking about themselves, and they were so angry that they stepped forward to scratch Wang Ye.
雷木一把拉开王叶。 Lei Mu pulled Wang Ye away.
王沐暴怒，挡住侄子，推了钱丽一把，冲钱丽厉喝：“你干什么！”
Wang Mu was furious, blocked his nephew, pushed Qian Li, and yelled at Qian Li: "What are you doing!" ”
钱丽立刻往地上一坐，还睡在了地上，捂着胸口直哼哼，说自己被推伤了，让经理赶紧报警。
Qian Li immediately sat on the ground, slept on the ground, covered her chest and hummed, saying that she was pushed and injured, and asked the manager to call the police quickly.
王叶无语：这女人不仅心胸狭窄见不得别人好，还跟她婆婆一样喜欢耍赖撒泼，真正不是一家人不进一家门。
Wang Ye was speechless: This woman is not only narrow-minded and can't see the good of others, but also likes to play tricks like her mother-in-law, and it is really not a family that does not enter the door.
王叶也没看错钱丽，这女人就是妒忌的。 Wang Ye didn't misunderstand Qian Li, this woman is jealous.
人都有妒忌心，妒忌和羡慕是人类进步的源动力之一。绝大多数人对于妒忌对象也就是羡慕一番，或者把妒忌化作动力，但这女人却把妒忌之心化作了害人之心，恨不得把自己妒忌的对象全都扯下来踩到脚底下才好。
Everyone has jealousy, and jealousy and envy are one of the sources of human progress. Most people are envious of the object of jealousy, or turn jealousy into motivation, but this woman turns jealousy into a harmful heart, and she can't wait to tear off all the objects of her jealousy and step on the soles of her feet.
尤其在她特别缺钱，而原本跟她差不多甚至不如她的人却突然变得有钱的情况下。
Especially when she is particularly short of money, and people who were about or even inferior to her suddenly become rich.
钱丽和她丈夫都喜欢赌两把，她丈夫薛辉更喜欢在网上赌博，国庆放假时还跑到境外去赌，可惜赌运不好，不但输光家里存款，还被迫写了五百万的欠条。
Qian Li and her husband both like to gamble, her husband Xue Hui prefers to gamble online, and he also went abroad to gamble during the National Day holiday, but unfortunately the gambling luck was not good, not only lost all the family savings, but also forced to write an IOU of five million.
境外赌博公司不可能跑到华夏讨债，所以他们都和华夏一些灰色势力有联系，钱丽老公欠的赌债就被转让给了钟山市白氏财务顾问有限公司。
It is impossible for overseas gambling companies to go to Huaxia to collect debts, so they are all connected with some gray forces in Huaxia, and the gambling debts owed by Qian Li's husband were transferred to Zhongshan Bai's Financial Consulting Co., Ltd.
名字好听，实际上这家公司就是一家讨债公司。 The name sounds good, but in fact this company is a debt collection agency.
该公司要求他们必须在一个月内还出债务，一个月过后就要收取百分之二十的利息。
The company required them to repay their debts within a month, and after a month, they were charged 20 percent interest.
眼看他们夫妻俩都要被逼死了，可家里的死老太婆却不肯卖房帮他们还债，最后好不容易说动老太婆去拍卖传家宝，结果那传家宝竟然就是条普通的金项链，根本不值什么钱。
Seeing that both of them were going to be forced to die, but the dead old woman in the family refused to sell the house to help them pay off their debts, and finally said that the old woman was going to auction the family heirloom, but the heirloom turned out to be an ordinary gold necklace, which was not worth much at all.
钱丽不是没考虑过和丈夫离婚来逃避承担债务的可能，赌债属于个人债务，她只要和丈夫离婚就不用承担。但她丈夫也不是蠢货，在赌博公司把债务转移到白氏财务顾问有限公司时，他丈夫只写明了借款五百万，并没有注明欠债原因。
Qian Li did not consider the possibility of divorcing her husband to avoid taking on debts, gambling debts are personal debts, and she does not have to bear them as long as she divorces her husband. But her husband is not stupid, when the gambling company transferred the debt to Bai's Financial Advisors Limited, his husband only stated the loan of 5 million, and did not specify the reason for the debt.
如此，想要证明这是她丈夫欠下的赌债就很困难，他丈夫完全可以借口说这是夫妻双方的共同生活费用，是夫妻俩共同花掉。偏偏国庆假期，她也和她老公一起去了境外游玩。
In this way, it is very difficult to prove that this is a gambling debt owed by her husband, who can use the excuse that it is the joint living expenses of the husband and wife, and that the husband and wife spend it together. During the National Day holiday, she also went abroad with her husband.
到时候举证和扯皮也不知道要花多长时间。
法院能等，债务公司怎么可能等他们？而债务公司也不可能只盯着她丈夫一人。
昨晚她和她丈夫跟死老太婆闹腾，又哭又威胁，手段用尽了，老太婆也没有松口说要卖房子。
老大夫妻还在一边捣乱，说老太婆如果要卖房给小儿子夫妻还债，那他们就也得分一份，且要一样的金额。
老太婆被气得连夜住进医院。 The old woman was so angry that she was admitted to the hospital overnight.
钱丽巴不得老太婆就这么死掉才好，这样她和丈夫就能分老太婆的遗产了。
Qian Li wished that the old woman would die like this, so that she and her husband could share the old woman's inheritance.
可老太婆也不是那么容易被气死的人，身体好得很。 But the old woman is not so easy to be angry to death, and her health is very good.
昨夜，她和她老公吵了大半个晚上，她老公半夜还跑出去了，害得她一直担惊受怕对方就这么跑掉。偏生，她今天还要上班，而越缺钱，她越不能随便请假，只能揣着一肚子火气来上班了。
Last night, she quarreled with her husband for most of the night, and her husband ran out in the middle of the night, so that she was always afraid that the other party would run away. Partial, she still has to go to work today, and the more she lacks money, the more she can't ask for leave casually, so she can only come to work with a belly full of anger.
就在这种情况下，她竟然遇到了昨天跟他们一样去鉴定拍卖物的人。
In this case, she actually met the same person who went to the auction yesterday to appraise the auction items.
而这一家还当着她的面挥金如土，并且没有让她占到半点便宜，她能不妒忌能不爆炸吗？
And this family still spent money in front of her, and didn't let her take advantage of it, can she not be jealous and not explode?
凭什么你们送去鉴定的东西就能评估出大价钱来，凭什么你们买房一买就买两套？
Why can you evaluate the big price of the things you send for appraisal, and why do you buy two sets as soon as you buy a house?
钱丽根本看不得经理和那销售新人捧着那一家三口的模样，忍不住就上去说酸话，重点点明这一家三口以前就是个穷光蛋，更想把这一家三口从云端上扯下来。
她偷拍这一家人也确实存了恶意，就想着如果有人眼红这一家的暴富，找人绑架那个小崽子就好了。反正她就要这三口子比她更倒霉！
She did have malicious intent in secretly photographing this family, thinking that if someone was jealous of the family's sudden wealth, it would be good to find someone to kidnap that little cub. Anyway, she wants these three to be even more unlucky than her!
销售经理头大无比，让钱丽起来。 The sales manager's head is intimate, and he makes Qian Li up.
钱丽不肯，还要申请工伤。 Qian Li refused, and had to apply for a work-related injury.
钱丽已经想到闹了这么一场（大家还知道她家的情况了），她是不可能在这家公司干下去了，那么在离职前，能捞一点是一点。
Qian Li has already thought of making such a scene (everyone still knows the situation of her family), it is impossible for her to continue working in this company, so before leaving, she can make a little money.
经理无奈下只能报警。
反正房子已经卖出去，钱款都已经收到，这一家三口想要反悔不买房也不可能了。至于他们和钱丽的纠纷，那就让他们自己去和警察说去吧。
Anyway, the house has been sold, and the money has been received, so it is impossible for this family of three to regret not buying a house. As for their dispute with Qian Li, let them go and talk to the police themselves.
警察来了，让钱丽打开手机，确定她确实偷拍了三人，她偷偷录像了，把王沐取下口罩的脸拍得清清楚楚。
The police came and asked Qian Li to turn on her mobile phone to make sure that she had indeed secretly filmed the three of them, and she secretly recorded the video and took a clear picture of Wang Mu's face when she took off her mask.
警察当场让钱丽删除录像。 The police asked Qian Li to delete the video on the spot.
钱丽不甘不愿地把包括垃圾箱在内的所有录像内容删除，后悔刚才没偷看合约记下这一家三口的名字。
Qian Li reluctantly deleted all the video contents, including the trash can, regretting that she didn't peek at the contract just now to write down the names of the family of three.
删除完，钱丽还不肯从地上起来，非说她被王沐推伤，心口疼、喘不过气，要去医院做详细检查。
After deleting, Qian Li still refused to get up from the ground, not to say that she was pushed by Wang Mu, her heart hurt and she couldn't breathe, and she had to go to the hospital for a detailed examination.
警察也好，经理也好，所有在场人都知道钱丽在胡搅蛮缠。
Whether it was the police or the manager, everyone present knew that Qian Li was messing around.
王叶偏头，对钱丽道：“这位大妈，你偷拍录像可能还无法说明你在犯罪，但如果去了医院，你什么毛病都没有检查出来，那么你就涉及到诈骗。诈骗和敲诈可是明晃晃的犯罪，你确定你要去做检查吗？”
Wang Ye tilted his head and said to Qian Li: "This aunt, your secretly taking a video may not show that you are committing a crime, but if you go to the hospital and you don't find out anything wrong, then you are involved in fraud." Fraud and extortion are blatant crimes, are you sure you have to go for a check-up? ”
钱丽气王叶叫她大妈，色厉内荏地道：“我就是不舒服！去医院检查如果没事，那是你们运气好，怎么能说我是敲诈？”
Qian Liqi Wang Ye called her aunt, and said inwardly: "I'm just uncomfortable!" If it's okay to go to the hospital for a check-up, it's your luck, how can you say I'm blackmailing? ”
王叶突然靠近钱丽。 Wang Ye suddenly approached Qian Li.
钱丽吓了一跳，尖叫：“你干什么？” Qian Li was startled and screamed, "What are you doing?" ”
王叶笑，“我想告诉你一个秘密，一个对你和你丈夫来说极大的好事。”
Wang Ye smiled, "I want to tell you a secret, a great good thing for you and your husband." ”
钱丽怀疑，当着警察的面，大声问：“什么秘密，你这个小孩子不要胡说八道。”
Qian Li was suspicious, and in front of the police, she asked loudly: "What secret, don't talk nonsense about you little child." ”
王叶耸肩：“我保证不是胡说八道，其实昨天你婆婆拿出来的那个项链，我以前见过类似的图片，那张图片被画在一本古老的书籍上，那本书籍叫做……《古今宝鉴》。”
Wang Ye shrugged: "I promise it's not nonsense, in fact, the necklace that your mother-in-law took out yesterday, I have seen a similar picture before, and that picture was drawn on an ancient book, and that book is called ...... "Ancient and Modern Treasures". ”
钱丽精神一振，迫不及待地问：“那本书在哪里？上面说了什么？”
Qian Li was in good spirits and couldn't wait to ask, "Where is that book?" What was said above? ”
王叶看钱丽：“大妈，你现在还觉得你是被我姑推倒的吗？”
Wang Ye looked at Qian Li: "Auntie, do you still think that you were pushed down by my aunt?" ”
钱丽想要继续耍赖。 Qian Li wanted to continue to cheat.
王叶看出来这人是个贪心不足的，冷笑道：“那就去医院做检查吧。就算加上核磁共振，检查费也不会超过一万。我就当这一万送给乞丐了。”
Wang Ye saw that this person was greedy and insufficient, and sneered: "Then go to the hospital for an examination." Even if you add an MRI, the examination fee will not exceed 10,000. I will give it to the beggars as ten thousand. ”
钱丽立马从地上爬起来，她要去医院做检查只不过为了恶心这一家三口，但她身体好得很，去医院做检查的钱又不能给她，她何苦为了恶心对方就放弃一个对他们家来说更重要的信息。
Qian Li immediately got up from the ground, she wanted to go to the hospital for an examination just to disgust the family of three, but she was in good health, and the money to go to the hospital for an examination could not be given to her, why did she give up a more important information for their family in order to disgust the other party.
“你说那本书你是在哪里看到的？图书馆有没有？网上能买到吗？还有那张图片有什么介绍吗？”钱丽急急地问。
"Where did you say you saw that book? Is there a library? Is it available online? Is there anything else about that picture? Qian Li asked anxiously.
警察见此，拿出一本本子，打开，插话道：“如果没事了，麻烦在这边签下你们的名字。”
Seeing this, the policeman took out a notebook, opened it, and interjected: "If it's okay, please sign your name here." ”
这个案件就可以结了。 The case will be closed.
钱丽不想签，但她不签，王叶就什么都不说，她只好签了。
Qian Li didn't want to sign, but if she didn't sign, Wang Ye didn't say anything, so she had to sign.
这次报案就这么虎头蛇尾地结束。 This is the end of this report.
警察走了，钱丽一个劲追问王叶那书籍的详情。 The police left, and Qian Li asked Wang Ye for details of the book.
王叶慢腾腾地说道：“你现在打电话给你婆婆，我跟你婆婆说。”
Wang Ye said slowly: "You call your mother-in-law now, and I'll tell your mother-in-law." ”
钱丽不肯，她还想着如果那项链真的很值钱，她就从拍卖会上低价买下来，再转卖。
Qian Li refused, she also thought that if the necklace was really valuable, she would buy it at a low price from the auction and resell it.
王叶见她不肯打电话，也不肯说明详细。 Wang Ye saw that she refused to call, and she refused to explain in detail.
钱丽快速在手机上查找相关书籍名字，没找到，气得要死，半信半疑间只能打电话给她婆婆，并在王叶要求下放了外放。
Qian Li quickly looked up the names of the relevant books on her mobile phone, but she didn't find them, she was so angry that she could only call her mother-in-law in disbelief, and released them at Wang Ye's request.
老妇人姓薛，她原本不想接小儿媳的电话，但怕这小儿媳直接到医院来闹她，只好按了接听键。
The old woman's surname is Xue, she didn't want to answer her daughter-in-law's call, but she was afraid that the little daughter-in-law would come directly to the hospital to trouble her, so she had to press the answer button.
薛老太刚问钱丽有什么事，就听一个男孩的声音响起：“话我只说一遍，听好了，那项链如果去掉复链和挂坠，外形和大小与《古今宝鉴》书上描写的一个宝物一模一样，这个宝物介绍不多，上面只写明这宝物属于内秀，内里有乾坤。好了，说完了。”
As soon as Mrs. Xue asked Qian Li what was the matter, she heard a boy's voice sound: "I'll only say it once, listen well, if the necklace removes the double chain and pendant, the shape and size are exactly the same as a treasure described in the book "Ancient and Modern Treasures". Well, that's it. ”
薛老太还想再问详细，钱丽也想问，但王叶转头就招呼雷木和他姑，走了。
Mrs. Xue still wanted to ask for more details, and Qian Li also wanted to ask, but Wang Ye turned his head and beckoned Lei Mu and his aunt and left.
所有购房手续已经办好，两套房子的钥匙也已经拿到，就只等房地产公司通知去办理房产证。
All the procedures for buying a house have been completed, and the keys to the two houses have been obtained, so we just have to wait for the real estate company to notify you to apply for the real estate certificate.
钱丽追出去，王叶三人连头都没回。 Qian Li chased out, but Wang Ye and the three didn't even look back.
钱丽工作也不管了，跟经理飞快说了声她不舒服，就跑了，她要赶紧去医院找死老太婆，再把那项链重新送去鉴定。
Qian Li didn't care about her work, she quickly told the manager that she was not feeling well, and ran away, she wanted to go to the hospital to find the dead old woman, and then send the necklace back for identification.
等三人离开该楼盘，王沐就忍不住了，低声问王叶：“你说的是真的吗？你真的看到过那本书和那项链的图片？”
When the three of them left the real estate, Wang Mu couldn't help it, and asked Wang Ye in a low voice: "Is what you said true?" Have you actually seen pictures of that book and that necklace? ”
王叶：“嗯。”当然不是真的。 Wang Ye: "Hmm. "Of course not.
王沐皱眉，气呼呼地说：“你为什么要把这事告诉那女人？如果那项链真的是宝贝，你可以让你师父或师兄拍下来，总比便宜那女人好！”
Wang Mu frowned, and said angrily, "Why did you tell that woman about this?" If that necklace is really a treasure, you can let your master or brother take a picture of it, it's better than cheapening that woman! ”
王叶指了指自己的鼻子：“姑，你看我像是免费奉献的好人吗？”
Wang Ye pointed to his nose: "Aunt, do you think I look like a good person who gives for free?" ”
王沐看着侄子那张一看就是小刺头的脸蛋，沉默了。就是自家亲侄子，她也不能违心说小叶子是个助人为乐的好孩子。
Wang Mu looked at his nephew's face, which looked like a small prickly head, and was silent. Even if it is her own nephew, she can't go against her heart and say that Xiao Yezi is a good child who helps others.
雷木看看大的，又看看小的，问：“你跟那女人说了什么？为什么她不再缠着我们？”
Reimu looked at the big one and then at the small one, and asked, "What did you say to that woman?" Why doesn't she pestering us anymore? ”
王叶就把事情经过简单说了。 Wang Ye briefly told what happened.
雷木也很不解：“为什么要告诉她？” Lei Mu was also puzzled: "Why did you tell her?" ”
王叶看着别人看不见的因果卷，微微一笑：“因为我就喜欢别人欠我。”
Wang Ye looked at the cause and effect scroll that others couldn't see, and smiled slightly: "Because I like others to owe me." ”
他通过自己的鉴定术看出那项链是宝物，但那家人和他毫无关系，也没有委托他做鉴定，他自然也没有任何义务告诉对方鉴定结果。
He saw that the necklace was a treasure through his own appraisal skills, but the family had nothing to do with him, and they did not entrust him to do the appraisal, and he naturally did not have any obligation to tell the other party the appraisal results.
那家人把项链送去拍卖，是他们自己决定的行为，他没做任何影响。上辈子他没有在这里出现，事情最终发展也是这个结果。
The family's decision to send the necklace to auction was their own decision, and he had no influence. He didn't show up here in his previous life, and this is the result of the eventual development of things.
如此，他不管出多少钱，拍下来，那项链就是他的。在因果上，他也不欠那家人半点。
In this way, no matter how much money he pays, if he shoots it, the necklace is his. In terms of cause and effect, he doesn't owe the family anything.
可是今天他遇到了项链的关系人之一钱丽，钱丽偏偏还主动找他麻烦，让王叶在冥冥中感觉到了一种警告。
But today he met Qian Li, one of the people related to the necklace, and Qian Li took the initiative to trouble him, which made Wang Ye feel a warning in the dark.
这条项链原本不该属于他，上辈子不管是谁拍下来，总归不是他的机缘。
This necklace should not have belonged to him, no matter who took it in his previous life, it was not his chance.
这跟他在海沟岛和囚犯岛找到的机缘不一样，因为海沟岛和囚犯岛最后基本都被寄生虫族毁了，那两座岛上的机缘也要么毁于一旦，要么被寄生虫族夺取，他得到这两座岛上的宝物就跟“废物利用”差不多。
This is different from the opportunity he found on Trench Island and Prisoner Island, because Trench Island and Prisoner Island were basically destroyed by the Parasite in the end, and the chances on those two islands were either destroyed or seized by the Parasite, and his acquisition of the treasures on these two islands was similar to "waste utilization".
而双月星的大意识显然是站在非寄生虫族这一边，所以他就算拿到虫巢等寄生虫族的机缘，也不碍事，甚至双月星大意识还在暗中鼓励他夺取寄生虫族的机缘。
And the Great Consciousness of the Twin Moon Star is obviously on the side of the non-parasitic Zerg, so even if he gets the opportunity of the Worm Hive and other parasitic Zergs, it will not be in the way, and even the Great Consciousness of the Twin Moon Star is secretly encouraging him to seize the opportunity of the Parasitic Clan.
可这条项链就不一样了，首先它九成九和寄生虫族无关，其次它在地球上，第三也是最重要的一点，它没有被毁，它被人拍下来了。
But this necklace is different, first of all, it has nothing to do with parasites, secondly, it is on earth, and thirdly, and most importantly, it was not destroyed, it was photographed.
不管对方有没有发现项链中暗藏的秘密，在这条项链和其中秘密被湮没之前，它都是有主的。
Regardless of whether the other party discovers the secret hidden in the necklace, it has a master until the necklace and the secret in it are obliterated.
为此，在他收到这个“警告”后，他就知道想要拿到项链，想只付出一点点代价那几乎是不可能的。无视警告，强行取之的后果，那他极有可能要付出更多更可怕的代价。
For this reason, after he received this "warning", he knew that it was almost impossible to get his hands on the necklace and to pay only a small price. Ignoring the warnings and forcibly taking them, he is likely to pay more and more terrible costs.
当然，他也可以在其他人拍下项链后，再去购买。 Of course, he can also buy the necklace after someone else has taken a picture of it.
但谁也不是傻子，有人特地上门来买一条不起眼不值钱的金项链，这条项链还被拍卖者说是家传之宝，只是无法鉴定，谁还会轻易把这条项链卖掉？
But no one is a fool, someone came to buy an inconspicuous and worthless gold necklace, this necklace was also said by the auctioneer to be a family heirloom, but it could not be identified, who would easily sell this necklace?
而且项链主人九成九会立马重新找人鉴定，说不定就会把项链剖开。
And the owner of the necklace will immediately find someone to identify it again, and maybe the necklace will be dissected.
那项链中的秘密自然也藏不住。 The secret in that necklace can't be hidden.
既然如此，他还不如釜底抽薪。既然项链秘密怎么都瞒不住，那不如一开始就暴露出来。
In this case, he might as well take a salary from the bottom of the kettle. Since the secret of the necklace can't be hidden, it's better to expose it at the beginning.
而且这也不是他要暴露的，谁让钱丽那么难缠呢？他可也是“被害者”，不想多花钱，那只能用项链的秘密来打发对方。
And this is not what he wants to expose, who made Qian Li so difficult? He is also a "victim", and he doesn't want to spend more money, so he can only use the secret of the necklace to send the other party.
至于原本可能低价买下项链的人，可能要花非常高昂的代价才能拿下项链，甚至拿不到，那就不关他的事了。对方要怨，也怨不到他身上，是钱丽先来招惹他和敲诈他一家，他也是被逼无奈。
As for the person who might have bought the necklace at a low price, he may have to pay a very high price to get the necklace, or even not get it, then it's none of his business. The other party wanted to complain, but he couldn't complain about him, it was Qian Li who came to provoke him and blackmail his family first, and he was also forced to be helpless.
钱丽一家占了大便宜？ Qian Li's family took a big advantage?
没错，这家现在是占了大便宜。但钱丽包括她一家也都因此和他结下因果，且钱丽先招惹了他、又敲诈他，从而得到项链的真实情况，如此，项链价钱卖的越高，钱丽和她一家欠他的因果就越大。
That's right, this one is now taking advantage of a big bargain. But Qian Li, including her family, also formed a cause and effect with him because of this, and Qian Li first provoked him and blackmailed him, so as to get the true situation of the necklace, so that the higher the price of the necklace, the greater the cause and effect that Qian Li and her family owe him.
至于这份欠下的因果有什么用？ What is the use of this debt for cause and effect?
王叶不急，上辈子欠他因果的人还真没有哪个能逃掉的，今日不还，明天也会还回来。
Wang Ye is not in a hurry, there is really no one who owes him karma in his previous life who can escape, if he doesn't pay it back today, he will pay it back tomorrow.
他的便宜可不是那么好占的。 His advantage is not so easy to take advantage of.
而且钱丽一家真的能因此占到大便宜吗？ And can Qian Li's family really take advantage of this?
就套用钱丽的一句话，一夜暴富，还是欠了别人因果、原本不该有的暴富，就等着后面倒大霉吧。
To paraphrase Qian Li's sentence, if you get rich overnight, you still owe others karma and should not have gotten rich, just wait for the bad luck in the future.
第103章 求仁得仁 Chapter 103: Seeking Kindness and Obtaining Kindness
虽然遇到了一点不开心的事情，但这并没有影响到一家三口接下来的行程安排，更没有影响到他们的心情。
Although they encountered a little unhappy, this did not affect the next itinerary of the family of three, let alone their mood.
王叶带着他姑去买了一台游戏舱。 Wang Ye took his aunt to buy a game pod.
王沐一看游戏舱竟然要十八万八千一台，当即就不想要，说换成头盔就可以。
When Wang Mu saw that the game cabin asked for 188,000 units, he immediately didn't want it, saying that he could change it to a helmet.
如果不是为了平日联系侄子，王沐压根就不想玩游戏。 If it weren't for contacting his nephew on weekdays, Wang Mu wouldn't want to play games at all.
房子买了，家里有钱了，王沐正是对生活最充满奔头的时候，她已经买了一些小型工具，开始着手首饰的制作，打算等囤一批货后，就上网开个网店。
The house was bought, the family had money, Wang Mu was the most full of enthusiasm for life, she had bought some small tools, began to start the production of jewelry, and planned to wait for a batch of goods to open an online store.
而且房子马上就要开始装修，装修又是最烦人的，哪怕全部承包给装修公司也一样。王沐只觉得后面她会忙得没时间玩游戏。
And the house is about to start renovating, and the decoration is the most annoying, even if it is all contracted to the renovation company. Wang Mu only felt that she would be too busy to play games later.
要不是小叶子说这游戏睡觉时也能玩，她真的就打算按时上去看看信箱。
If Xiao Yezi hadn't said that this game could be played while sleeping, she really planned to go up and check the mailbox on time.
订购游戏舱的人很少，店内销售人员非常热情，在王沐刷卡付款后，就约定了明天上午上门安装。购买合约中还注明，会在一年内免费帮助搬迁和安装一次。
There are very few people who order the game cabin, and the sales staff in the store are very enthusiastic, and after Wang Mu swipes the card to pay, it is agreed to come to the door tomorrow morning to install. The purchase contract also states that relocation and installation will be carried out free of charge once within a year.
王沐原本想当新房装修好后再买游戏舱，见还有这么一个免费服务，就勉强同意了让王叶现在就买。
Wang Mu originally wanted to buy a game cabin after the new house was renovated, but seeing that there was such a free service, he reluctantly agreed to let Wang Ye buy it now.
但王沐坚持要自己付钱，拒绝用小叶子师父的钱。 But Wang Mu insisted on paying for it himself and refused to use Master Xiaoyezi's money.
王叶哭笑不得，他找了个师父的借口，现在却不好塞钱给他姑姑了，不过他姑姑自己也能养活自己，手头上又有一百多万现金，倒是暂时不用担心她没有钱花。
Wang Ye couldn't cry or laugh, he found a master's excuse, but now it is not good to stuff money into his aunt, but his aunt can support herself by herself, and she has more than one million cash on hand, but she doesn't have to worry about her having no money to spend for the time being.
晚上没事，王叶带着雷木去看电影，王沐不想再跟着，她精神头没两个年轻人那么大。
It's okay at night, Wang Ye took Lei Mu to watch a movie, Wang Mu didn't want to follow anymore, her spirit was not as big as that of two young people.
雷木还以为电影就是电视，到了电影院看到实物才知道两者区别。
Lei Mu also thought that the movie was TV, but he only knew the difference between the two when he saw the real thing in the movie theater.
雷木还自己挑选了一部A国科幻大片，是讲一个程序员写的程序活了，里面的AI角色有了自己的生命，并和现实世界斗争，好保住自己和游戏世界所有角色生存权的故事。
Lei Mu also chose a sci-fi blockbuster in country A, which is a story about a program written by a programmer who lives, and the AI characters in it have their own lives and struggle with the real world in order to keep the right to survive and all the characters in the game world.
这种片子对于地球人来说，大约就是无脑爆米花片，看的时候哈哈笑，看完一身爽，然后就没了。
For earthlings, this kind of film is about a brainless popcorn movie, laughing when you watch it, it's cool after watching it, and then it's gone.
但对于雷木来说，这片子显然让他有点理解困难，在王叶解释下，他才逐渐理解程序和游戏世界是指什么，AI角色又是指什么。
But for Lei Mu, this film obviously made him a little difficult to understand, and under Wang Ye's explanation, he gradually understood what the program and the game world meant, and what the AI character meant.
“就像魔偶有了自己的灵魂，成为了真正的生命。”雷木低语。
"It's like a puppet has a soul of its own and becomes a real life." Raimu whispered.
王叶：“差不多就是这个意思。” Wang Ye: "That's pretty much what it means. ”
雷木眼睛中倒影出荧幕上的光影：“如果说电能等同于魔能，那么程序是不是就魔法指令？程序中运用到的那些程序语言，是不是就是魔法语？芯片就是魔法指令的集合，电脑就是一个以实现多种功效为目的的大型复合魔法阵，电器则是刻写了魔法指令的魔器……”
Lei Mu's eyes reflected the light and shadow on the screen: "If electricity is equivalent to magic energy, then is the program a magic command?" Are the programming languages used in the program just magic languages? The chip is a collection of magic instructions, the computer is a large compound magic array for the purpose of achieving multiple functions, and the electrical appliance is a magic weapon engraved with magic instructions......"
王叶侧头看雷木，就见雷木似乎很兴奋，又似乎处在一种很玄妙的状态。
Wang Ye looked sideways at Lei Mu, and saw that Lei Mu seemed to be very excited, and seemed to be in a very mysterious state.
王叶不敢打搅雷木，直到电影结束，雷木眨眨眼，像是得到了某种明悟。
Wang Ye didn't dare to disturb Lei Mu until the end of the movie, Lei Mu blinked, as if he had gained some kind of enlightenment.
等走出电影院，雷木再次对王叶说道：“小叶子，我想学习炼金术。”
After walking out of the cinema, Lei Mu said to Wang Ye again: "Xiao Yezi, I want to learn alchemy." ”
“好啊，你一定会成为最棒的炼金大师！”王叶衷心道。
"Yes, you will definitely become the best alchemist!" Wang Ye said sincerely.
雷木嘴角微弯：“我也想学习你们地球的炼器方法，包括电脑程序。”
The corners of Lei Mu's mouth curved slightly: "I also want to learn your earth's refining methods, including computer programs." ”
“好。我们这边对知识的传递还是比较开放的，初级和中级知识都能从网上下载，或者在书店买到书。”王叶当即就带雷木去了书店。
"Good. We are still relatively open to the transfer of knowledge, and both elementary and intermediate knowledge can be downloaded from the Internet or bought in bookstores. Wang Ye immediately took Lei Mu to the bookstore.
电影院所在的商业大楼的三楼就有书店，规模也比较大，一直开到晚上十二点。
There is a bookstore on the third floor of the commercial building where the cinema is located, and it is also relatively large, and it is open until 12 o'clock in the evening.
书店人很多，王叶请人帮忙推荐，又用手机在网上搜索，综合推荐后，先给雷木买了专业词典和华语字典，又买了一些幼儿学字绘本和整套的外国人学华语的书籍与音频。
There are a lot of people in the bookstore, Wang Ye asked someone to help recommend, and then used his mobile phone to search on the Internet, after comprehensive recommendation, he first bought a professional dictionary and a Chinese dictionary for Lei Mu, and then bought some picture books for children to learn words and a complete set of books and audio for foreigners to learn Chinese.
最后才开始搜罗专业书籍，从最简单的电脑编程，到硬件讲解，从矿物知识到合金冶炼，从机械工程学到工程力学……
Finally, I began to collect professional books, from the simplest computer programming, to hardware explanations, from mineral knowledge to alloy smelting, from mechanical engineering to engineering mechanics......
因为王叶买的书籍太多，有些店里还没货，书店答应给他们送货上门，并保证三天内全部送到。
Because Wang Ye bought too many books, some stores did not have them in stock, and the bookstore promised to deliver them to their doors, and guaranteed that all of them would be delivered within three days.
雷木就先拿了字典和华语学习相关的书籍。 Lei Mu first took a dictionary and books related to Chinese learning.
第二天上午，游戏舱准时送达他们的租房，安装过程很简单，就是插电、开机、躺进游戏舱这三个步骤。
The next morning, the game pod was delivered to their rental house on time, and the installation process was very simple, just plug in, turn on, and lie down in the game pod.
“不久以后《极度危险》的游戏公司还会推出营养液，可以让人躺在营养液中进行游戏，那对身体好处更大。现在购买游戏舱的客户都会得到一个月份的营养液赠送。等营养液到货，我们会立刻为您送货上门。”
"In the near future, the game company of "Extreme Danger" will also introduce a nutrient solution, which allows people to lie down in the nutrient solution to play, which is more beneficial to the body. Customers who purchase the game pod now will receive a month's gift of nutrient solution. When the nutrient solution arrives, we will deliver it to your door immediately. ”
工作人员做了详细解说后，留下一张卡片和厚厚的使用说明书后离开。
After a detailed explanation, the staff left a card and a thick instruction manual before leaving.
王叶当即就让他姑进入游戏舱建立人物。 Wang Ye immediately asked his aunt to enter the game cabin to establish the character.
王沐还有点担心，但还是在侄子的期盼下躺入了游戏舱。
Wang Mu was still a little worried, but he still lay down in the game cabin under the expectation of his nephew.
半个小时后，王沐就退出了。 Half an hour later, Wang Mu withdrew.
还没从游戏舱出来，王沐就喊道：“小叶子！这个游戏真的好真实啊，我简直像是穿越了一样，我都不敢相信自己在玩游戏，我赶紧出来了，看看我到底是不是穿越。”
Before he came out of the game cabin, Wang Mu shouted: "Little Yezi! This game is so real, I feel like I've crossed over, I can't believe I'm playing a game, I hurried out to see if I'm crossing over. ”
王叶笑，问他姑：“姑，你的新手村叫什么名字？” Wang Ye smiled and asked his aunt: "Aunt, what is the name of your novice village?" ”
王沐坐起身，回答：“叫什么西格要塞？” Wang Mu sat up and replied, "What is it called Sig Fortress?" ”
王叶一愣：“军事领地？” Wang Ye was stunned: "Military territory? ”
“对对！那里面的气氛很紧张，士兵和当地人关系很差，我一进去就有人踢我一脚，那些当兵的可凶了。”王沐心有余悸地说。
"Yes, yes! The atmosphere was tense, the relationship between the soldiers and the locals was very poor, and as soon as I entered, someone kicked me, and the soldiers were terrible. Wang Mu said with palpitations.
她就是被吓住，又担心自己穿越了，才赶紧退了出来。 She was just frightened, and she was worried that she had crossed over, so she hurriedly retreated.
王叶回忆这个地名，可惜印象不深：“姑，你别担心，一般新手村不会太危险，你只要不主动找别人麻烦，总能混下去。等我回去上游戏查查这个地名，如果距离我的游戏地点不远，我到时候去找你。不管如何，你记得查看邮件。”
Wang Ye recalled this place name, but unfortunately he was not impressed: "Aunt, don't worry, the general novice village is not too dangerous, as long as you don't take the initiative to trouble others, you can always get mixed up." I'll look up the name of the place when I go back to the game, and if it's not far from my game location, I'll look for you then. Either way, remember to check your email. ”
“好，我知道了。”王沐虽然被吓住，但也被那个似乎百分百真实的世界给吸引了，又被侄子这么一安抚，很想再进去看看。
"Okay, I got it." Although Wang Mu was frightened, he was also attracted by the world that seemed to be 100% real, and he was so appeased by his nephew that he wanted to go in and have a look again.
王叶看他姑去享受游戏的快乐了，无聊的他就开始在网上扫货。
Wang Ye saw that his aunt was going to enjoy the joy of the game, and when he was bored, he began to scan goods on the Internet.
这两天，他又恢复了一些，他预估这还是在地球的缘故，如果他回到双月星，在那边的环境下应该能恢复得更快。
In the past two days, he has recovered a little, and he estimates that it is still because of Earth, and if he returns to the Twin Moon Stars, he should be able to recover faster in the environment over there.
不过就算待在地球，最多再半个月，他差不多就能全部恢复。
But even if he stays on Earth, he will be able to recover almost all of them in half a month at most.
等他一恢复，他就打算升级虫巢。那么多能量囤在那里，反正他也不能吸收，还不如用一部分来升级虫巢。
As soon as he recovers, he plans to upgrade the hive. With so much energy stored there, he couldn't absorb it anyway, so it was better to use some of it to upgrade the hive.
小楼也得重建，里面的物品也都得重新购买。 The building had to be rebuilt, and the contents had to be repurchased.
而且这次他可以想买什么就买什么，再也不用考虑掩饰和解释的问题。
And this time he can buy whatever he wants, and he no longer has to think about disguises and explanations.
比如太阳能电板和大容量储存电池就能买起来，空调和冰箱不需要，但其他电器都可以准备一些。
For example, solar panels and large-capacity storage batteries can be bought, air conditioners and refrigerators are not needed, but other electrical appliances can be prepared.
电热水壶、电饭煲、微波炉、电烤箱、电磁炉、洗衣机、电风扇、热水器、电脑、音响、充电宝……
Electric kettle, rice cooker, microwave oven, electric oven, induction cooker, washing machine, electric fan, water heater, computer, stereo, power bank, ......
还有电线，他会水电，可以自己在屋内布电线和安装插座，这样电灯就能用起来。再买几个高瓦数的户外大灯，必要时会很有用。
There are also electrical wiring, he knows how to use water and electricity, and he can lay out the wires and install sockets in the house himself, so that the lights can be used. Buy a few more high-wattage outdoor headlights, which can be useful when necessary.
水塔和抽水泵也要准备，煤气包和灶具更是需要，煤气包可以多买几个备用。
Water towers and pumps should also be prepared, and gas packets and stoves are even more needed, and gas packs can be bought for backup.
其他各种家具、五金件、和各种工具，包括一些常见药，都要备上。
All kinds of furniture, hardware, and various tools, including some common medicines, should be prepared.
窗帘、床垫、棉被、床上用品、生活用品、洗浴用品……等等杂七杂八的也都要买。
Curtains, mattresses, quilts, bedding, household items, toiletries, ...... And so on, and all sorts of miscellaneous things have to be bought.
再备上食物和两人份的衣裤鞋袜，以及不可或缺的卫生纸、面巾纸等等。
Then prepare food, clothes, pants, shoes and socks for two people, as well as indispensable toilet paper, facial tissues, etc.
装修材料基本不需要，可以由虫巢自身进行变化，再说他还有大量的金砖和金矿石，再不行还有远古巨兽的化石。
The decoration materials are basically not needed, and they can be changed by the hive itself, and he still has a large number of gold bricks and gold ore, and there are fossils of ancient giant beasts.
等王叶听到雷木叫自己的名字，发现他竟然已经花了小二十万，其中最贵的就是光伏发电设备，一套五千瓦的，不含安装费，全套要三万五，他买了两套。
When Wang Ye heard Lei Mu call his name, he found that he had spent 200,000 yuan, the most expensive of which was photovoltaic power generation equipment, a set of 5,000 watts, excluding installation fees, and a full set of 35,000, he bought two sets.
钟山大酒店顶楼会议厅。 The conference hall on the top floor of Zhongshan Hotel.
今晚18点整，这里有一场小型拍卖会。 Tonight at 6 p.m. sharp, there's a small auction.
拍卖会后就是自助餐晚宴，也是真正的商业交流时间。 The auction is followed by a buffet dinner, which is also a real time for business networking.
这场商业交流会由市里组办，拍卖会就是个噱头，实际上是书画协会和市商业办合作，为了推广（卖掉）书画。
This business exchange meeting was organized by the city, and the auction was a gimmick, but in fact, the calligraphy and painting association and the municipal commercial office cooperated, in order to promote (sell) calligraphy and painting.
后来市里担心这个拍卖会逼格不够高，也怕太多拍品流拍，搞得不上不下，就又找了宝利庆拍卖行合作，把整体拍卖会的逼格顿时拉起不少。
Later, the city was worried that the auction would not be high enough, and that too many lots would be unsold and that they would not be able to do it, so they found Baoliqing Auction House to cooperate, and the overall auction was forced to rise a lot.
而宝利庆拍卖行肯答应把薛老太的项链拿到这场拍卖会拍卖，也就是因为这场拍卖会的珍品不多，绝大多数都是当代书画家甚至只是书画人的作品。
And Baoliqing Auction House is willing to agree to take Mrs. Xue's necklace to this auction for auction, that is, because there are not many treasures in this auction, and most of them are the works of contemporary calligraphers and painters or even just calligraphers and painters.
原本没有邀请函是无法进入拍卖会的，但王叶和雷木躲在虫巢中溜入了拍卖会场。
Originally, it was impossible to enter the auction without an invitation, but Wang Ye and Lei Mu hid in the worm nest and slipped into the auction hall.
但他们并没有现身，而是就待在虫巢里等待那条项链出场。
But instead of showing up, they just stayed in the hive and waited for the necklace to appear.
出人意料的，这条项链被放在了开场。 Surprisingly, this necklace was placed in the opening.
开场拍物和压轴拍物，向来都是最引人注意的。 The opening and finale are always the most eye-catching.
当王叶看到拍卖师用投影仪把其中一截链子的内侧刻纹给投影到墙上，他就知道这条项链的秘密已经给发现了。
When Wang Ye saw the auctioneer using a projector to project the inside of one of the chains onto the wall, he knew that the secret of this necklace had been discovered.
这种事一旦说破，想要验证就很容易。 Once this kind of thing is revealed, it is easy to verify.
拍卖师表示这只是其中一节链子的内部刻纹投影，具体这些刻纹到底代表了什么意思，是单纯的花纹，还是藏宝图……说到这里时，与会人员很多人都发出笑声。
The auctioneer said that this was just a projection of the internal engravings of one of the chains, and what exactly did these engravings mean, whether they were simple patterns or treasure maps...... When he said this, many of the participants burst into laughter.
总之，原本不起眼的金项链因为这些刻在内部的神秘刻纹，一下就变得神秘莫测起来。
In short, the originally inconspicuous gold necklace suddenly became mysterious because of these mysterious carvings engraved on the inside.
但不知道宝利庆拍卖行是不是对薛家很有意见，哪怕发现了链子中的内部刻纹，拍卖师的说法仍旧是不确定是否为珍品，甚至说出这种内部阴刻手法也有可能是制作者为了抬高价值而故意搞出的神秘感，说很可能这些刻纹毫无意义，研究它们只是浪费时间。
But I don't know if the Baoliqing auction house has a lot of opinions about the Xue family, even if the internal carvings in the chain are found, the auctioneer's statement is still not sure whether it is a treasure, and even this internal carving technique may be a mysterious sense deliberately made by the maker in order to raise the value, saying that it is likely that these carvings are meaningless, and it is just a waste of time to study them.
拍卖师又说了这条项链的三大缺点：制作者不明，制作年代不明，传承时间不明。
The auctioneer also said that there are three major shortcomings of this necklace: the maker is unknown, the production age is unknown, and the inheritance time is unknown.
最后项链底价定为一万元，要求每次加价不得少于一千。
In the end, the reserve price of the necklace was set at 10,000 yuan, and it was required that the price increase should not be less than 1,000 each time.
王叶闻言就对雷木说道：“薛家想指望这条项链拍出大价钱，几乎不可能了。”
When Wang Ye heard this, he said to Lei Mu: "It is almost impossible for the Xue family to expect this necklace to fetch a large price. ”
事实也是如此。 And so it is.
虽然是开场拍品，但拍者寥寥。 Although it was the opening lot, there were very few bidders.
薛家人因为是项链拥有者，也得到了参加拍卖会的资格，但只准两人进入。
Because the Xue family is the owner of the necklace, they are also qualified to participate in the auction, but only two people are allowed to enter.
钱丽夫妻俩抢了这个入场资格。 Qian Li and his wife snatched this admission qualification.
看到没几个人举手，钱丽急得跺脚。 Seeing that few people raised their hands, Qian Li was so anxious that she stomped her feet.
王叶忽然眯了眯眼，对雷木说：“有好戏看了。” Wang Ye suddenly squinted his eyes and said to Lei Mu, "There is a good show to watch." ”
雷木不解地看向外面，就看到钱丽举手了。 Lei Mu looked outside puzzled, and saw Qian Li raise his hand.
这位自己给项链抬价，报出了一个十万的高价。而刚才最高一个报价才四万一。
This person raised the price of the necklace and quoted a high price of 100,000. And the highest offer just now is only 40,000.
很多人都看向钱丽。 Many people looked at Qian Li.
钱丽戴着口罩，仗着别人看不见她的脸，假装云淡风轻地和丈夫说话。
Qian Li wore a mask, relying on others not being able to see her face, pretending to talk to her husband lightly.
薛辉皱眉，小声责怪她不该报价那么高，如果没人继续加价，那这条项链就要他们自己买下来，还得付手续费给拍卖行。
Xue Hui frowned, and whispered to blame her for not bidding so high, if no one continued to increase the price, then they would have to buy the necklace themselves, and they would have to pay a handling fee to the auction house.
钱丽又假装镇静地说：“这才十万，一定会有人加价，如果真没有，我们就再找拍卖行，我就不信没人对这条项链的秘密感兴趣！”
Qian Li pretended to be calm and said: "This is only 100,000 yuan, someone will definitely increase the price, if it really doesn't, we will find an auction house again, I don't believe that no one is interested in the secret of this necklace!" ”
薛辉一想也是。 Xue Hui thought about it too.
竟然真的有人对项链感兴趣，加了一万。 There was really someone who was interested in the necklace and added 10,000.
钱丽吁气，她也怕没人加价，等听到有人报出十一万的价格，她才发现自己出了一身冷汗。
Qian Li exhaled, she was afraid that no one would increase the price, and when she heard that someone quoted a price of 110,000, she found herself in a cold sweat.
可能东西都要有人抢，大家才会感兴趣。 Maybe someone has to grab everything before everyone is interested.
随着项链价格突破十万，又有几个人加入竞争，但大家每次加价都不多，有的就一千一千的加。
As the price of the necklace exceeded 100,000, a few more people joined the competition, but everyone did not increase the price much each time, and some added 1,100.
王叶嘿嘿笑：“要忍不住了，要再次出手了。” Wang Ye smiled: "I can't help it, I'm going to shoot again." ”
“二十五万！”钱丽果然再次加价，她尝到了一次成功的甜头，又觉得二万五的手续费她还承担得起，就报了。
"Two hundred and fifty thousand!" Qian Li really raised the price again, she tasted the sweetness of a success, and felt that she could afford the handling fee of 25,000, so she reported it.
这时她已经完全忘了她得先付全款给拍卖行，拍卖行收到钱以后才会在扣除手续费的基础上把其余钱给她。
At this point, she had completely forgotten that she had to pay the auction house in full, and the auction house would give her the rest of the money after receiving the money, minus the handling fee.
重点是和拍卖行签拍卖委托合约的是薛老太，拍卖行打钱也是打到薛老太账户上。钱丽也许不是忘记这点，她只是已经把项链当成自己的所有物吧。
The point is that it was Mrs. Xue who signed the auction commission contract with the auction house, and the auction house also paid Mrs. Xue's account. Qian Li may not have forgotten this, she just has taken the necklace as her own possession.
这次直到拍卖师问价两遍，就要问第三遍时，才有人继续追加了一点。
This time, it wasn't until the auctioneer asked the price twice and was about to ask a third time that someone added a little more.
钱丽再次吓出一身冷汗，虽然她出得起两万五的手续费，但在家里入不敷出的情况下，两万五也不少了。
Qian Li broke out in a cold sweat again, although she could afford a handling fee of 25,000, but when she couldn't make ends meet at home, 25,000 was not a lot.
薛辉看妻子加价再次成功，眼睛都亮了。 Xue Hui saw that his wife's price increase was successful again, and his eyes lit up.
这对夫妻本来就赌性颇重，尤其是薛辉。他们尝到了两次甜头，又怎么可能不尝试第三次。
This couple was already quite gambling, especially Xue Hui. They tasted the sweetness twice, and how could they not try it a third time.
何况他们对项链的心理价位是五百万以上，现在才多少？零头都没有！
What's more, their psychological price of necklaces is more than five million, and now it's only how much? Nothing!
等到项链的报价达到二十九万。 Wait until the price of the necklace reaches two hundred and ninety-thousand.
薛辉猛地报出五十万这个数字。 Xue Hui suddenly quoted the figure of 500,000.
钱丽大惊失色，正要呵斥丈夫，就听到有人报出了五十一万的价。
Qian Li was shocked and was about to scold her husband when she heard someone quote a price of 510,000.
两夫妻齐齐松了口气，又相视一笑。 The two husbands and wives breathed a sigh of relief and smiled at each other again.
就连雷木都看出来那对夫妻不会就此罢休，直接说道：“他们侥幸心理太重，肯定还会再报一次。”
Even Lei Mu saw that the couple would not stop there, and said directly: "They are too lucky, and they will definitely report it again." ”
没错，等到项链报价达到五十九万，眼看没有人再报价，钱丽就抢在丈夫前面报出了七十万的高价。
That's right, when the price of the necklace reached 590,000, and seeing that no one was quoting anymore, Qian Li rushed to the front of her husband and quoted a high price of 700,000.
“七十万一次，七十万两次，还有其他人对这条项链有兴趣吗？如果没有……”拍卖师特意等了等，咚的敲下拍卖锤：“七十万三次！恭喜这位客人，七十万就获得这条神秘莫测的项链！”
"Seven hundred thousand once, seven hundred thousand twice, is anyone else interested in this necklace? If there is no ......" The auctioneer waited deliberately, and knocked down the auction hammer: "Seven hundred thousand three times!" Congratulations to this guest, 700,000 yuan to get this mysterious necklace! ”
钱丽和她丈夫一起傻眼了。 Qian Li and her husband were dumbfounded.
王叶勾起唇角。这世上果然没有谁能凭白占便宜，该是你的就是你的，不是你的，强求的下场就是如此。
Wang Ye curled the corners of his lips. There is really no one in this world who can take advantage of nothing, what should be yours is yours, not yours, and this is the end of force.
不过也是钱丽夫妇太过贪婪才会如此，他们要是及时收手，这条项链好歹也能让他们收获五十九万。
However, it is also because Qian Li and his wife are too greedy to do so, if they stop it in time, this necklace can also make them gain 590,000 yuan.
不说这对夫妻要怎么互相埋怨，王叶看到这里就满足了，后面的拍卖也没必要再看下去，就如同来时一样，操纵虫巢悄悄离开了拍卖会场。
Not to mention how the couple complained to each other, Wang Ye was satisfied when he saw this, and there was no need to watch the auction in the future, just like when he came, he manipulated the hive and quietly left the auction venue.
至于这条项链中到底隐藏了什么秘密，他不急，也不怕那家人再转手项链。
As for what secrets are hidden in this necklace, he is not in a hurry, and he is not afraid that the family will change hands on the necklace again.
一来，那家人和他结下因果，他通过因果卷就能查出项链下落。
As soon as the family came to him, he was able to find out the whereabouts of the necklace through the cause and effect scroll.
二来，他可是做过几千几万点经验值任务的人，解开项链秘密也才一百点，付出太多，得到太少，这任务在没有后续的情况下显然不划算，就先放着吧。
Second, he is a person who has done tens of thousands of experience points tasks, and it is only a hundred points to unlock the secret of the necklace, and he pays too much and gets too little, and this task is obviously not cost-effective without a follow-up, so let's put it first.
接下来的几天，王叶联系了装修公司，让他姑和雷木选择自己喜欢的装修风格，做了全托。
In the next few days, Wang Ye contacted the decoration company and asked his aunt and Lei Mu to choose the decoration style they liked and did the full trust.
王叶又带着雷木去了各类游乐场、游戏厅、大商场、大超市、戏剧院、博物馆等地玩耍和参观。
Wang Ye took Lei Mu to various playgrounds, game halls, shopping malls, supermarkets, drama theaters, museums and other places to play and visit.
路上他们凡是碰到觉得好吃的食物，都会买上好多，收到虫巢里。
On the way, whenever they come across food that they think is delicious, they will buy a lot of it and receive it in the hive.
王叶看出雷木对车辆很感兴趣，还想买辆车教他怎么开，他会开。可雷木没有身份证，无证驾驶被查到可是很麻烦的事。
Wang Ye saw that Lei Mu was very interested in vehicles, and wanted to buy a car to teach him how to drive, and he could drive. Keleimu doesn't have an ID card, and it's very troublesome to be caught driving without a license.
最初，他们就只是在钟山市以及周边范围转悠，并没有跑太远。
At first, they just walked around Zhongshan City and the surrounding area, and they didn't go far.
之后王叶还想带雷木去京都，但雷木叫停了这次旅程：“下次吧，我们该回去了，有个小家伙要出生了，这里能量太少，还是回去那边保险一点。”
After that, Wang Ye wanted to take Lei Mu to Kyoto, but Lei Mu stopped the trip: "Next time, we should go back, there is a little guy who is about to be born, there is too little energy here, it is better to go back there to be safe." ”
差点把那枚蛋忘掉的王叶：“……” Wang Ye, who almost forgot the egg: "......"
雷木还以为王叶不想离开家乡，摸摸他的头：“或者你留下，把我单独传送回去？”
Lei Mu thought that Wang Ye didn't want to leave his hometown, so he touched his head: "Or do you stay and teleport me back alone?" ”
王叶怎么可能让雷木一个人回去，而且他也早就想回去双月星，留在这边只是想要款待雷木，让他玩个够而已。
How could Wang Ye let Lei Mu go back alone, and he had long wanted to go back to Shuangyue Star, staying here just to entertain Lei Mu and let him have enough.
“那我们回去，我的虫巢也该升级了。等下次来再带你去京都，我们这边可以玩的地方还是很多的。我再找人想办法帮你办张身份证，再教你开车。”
"Then let's go back, it's time for my hive to be upgraded. I'll take you to Kyoto next time, we still have a lot of places to play here. I'll find someone to find a way to help you get an ID card, and then teach you to drive. ”
“好。”雷木也很喜欢这里，尤其是这里的食物。 "Okay." Remu also loves the place, especially the food.
当天下午，王叶收了最后一批快递，又去附近超市购买了大量零食，这才和王沐告别，在家中和雷木一起离开。
In the afternoon of the same day, Wang Ye received the last batch of express delivery and went to a nearby supermarket to buy a large number of snacks, so he said goodbye to Wang Mu and left with Lei Mu at home.
走时，王叶还特意打开因果卷看了下，那条项链已经从薛老太那儿转移到了钱丽手中，不过钱丽拿到项链的过程并不光彩，她付不出七十万，连七万都不想给，就和丈夫一起跟薛老太闹，还要死要活的，更威胁要和薛老太以及老大一家同归于尽。
When leaving, Wang Ye also deliberately opened the cause and effect scroll to take a look, the necklace had been transferred from Mrs. Xue to Qian Li's hands, but Qian Li's process of getting the necklace was not glorious, she couldn't pay 700,000, and she didn't even want to give 70,000, so she and her husband made trouble with Mrs. Xue, and they wanted to die or live, and they threatened to die with Mrs. Xue and the boss's family.
薛老太被吓到了，更受不了天天被这样闹，最终同意出了这七万块手续费，还把项链给了小儿子夫妻，只求他们别再来闹。
Mrs. Xue was frightened, and she couldn't stand being troubled like this every day, so she finally agreed to pay the 70,000 yuan handling fee, and gave the necklace to her youngest son and his wife, just begging them not to make trouble again.
钱丽应该正在找买主，但还没找到。 Qian Li should be looking for a buyer, but she hasn't found it yet.
王叶看到因果卷上薛老太和钱丽之间的因果线变得比之前浅了许多，但钱丽并没有和丈夫薛辉离婚，当即就想到了导致因果线变浅的另一个可能：薛老太很可能已经写下遗嘱，但遗嘱内容极有可能和钱丽以及薛辉无关。
Wang Ye saw that the causal line between Mrs. Xue and Qian Li on the causal roll had become much shallower than before, but Qian Li did not divorce her husband Xue Hui, and immediately thought of another possibility that caused the causal line to become shallower: Mrs. Xue may have written a will, but the content of the will is very likely to have nothing to do with Qian Li and Xue Hui.
这对夫妻也算求仁得仁，他们越想要钱财，钱财就越是离他们远去，现在连最后一个可能帮助他们的亲人也被他们闹冷了心。
The more they wanted money, the more it left them, and now even the last loved one who might help them was coldly disturbed by them.
王沐看着侄子和他师兄身影消失，有点怅然若失，但王叶几次来去，她逐渐也习惯了。
Wang Mu watched the figures of his nephew and his senior brother disappear, a little stunned, but Wang Ye came and went several times, and she gradually got used to it.
而且她会玩游戏了，以后也能和侄子在游戏中见面，最起码能互相通信。
And she can play games, and she will be able to meet her nephew in the game in the future, at least they can communicate with each other.
对了，她侄子叫什么来着，隔壁小王？ By the way, what's her nephew's name, Xiao Wang next door?
她昨天上论坛，发现这个名字好像很火啊。
就因为隔壁小王的游戏等级这一周没有任何变化，竟然也变成了话题。
很多人怀疑他要么卡住了，要么就是这段时间都没上游戏。
更有很多人铆足了劲想要追赶上隔壁小王的游戏等级，可惜一周过去，第二名才涨了一级，将将从四级升到五级。
其实第二名的升级速度已经不慢，但对比隔壁小王就没法比了。
王沐忽然有些理解为什么侄子让她在游戏中千万别说认识他的原因了。
第104章 多金、招财、进宝
回到双月星海沟岛，王叶和雷木避开人眼，回到他们之前住的山顶石洞内。
雷木进入石洞，人就开始变化，他额头的双角再次冒出，角上的透明叶片逐渐泛出绿色。
可雷木的身体竟然也开始慢慢缩小，王叶张大嘴巴。
雷木只来得及说了一句：“不用管我，我只是唤醒了精灵族血脉。”随后就闭上眼睛。
王叶现在脑中只有一个想法：啊！木木变小了，好小好小，啊啊啊，好可爱啊，怎么办，好想把木木亲亲抱抱举高高~
雷木转眼变成了三头身，他没有地球传说中精灵的长耳朵，他的耳朵又小又圆，特别可爱，额头双角和之前没什么变化，小巧的翡翠角上冒出两颗小芽芽，背后还长出了一对淡绿色的毛茸茸小翅膀。皮肤颜色倒是没有变化，但脸上和身上出现了一些淡淡的绿色纹路，有点像某种藤蔓。
王叶手贱摸了一下小雷木的翅膀，翅膀微微抖动，又软又滑，还暖暖的。
王叶喜欢死了这个手感，还想再摸。但他最想摸的其实是那对粉粉的小耳朵~
Wang Ye likes the feeling of death, and wants to touch it again. But what he wants to touch most is actually the pair of pink little ears~
小雷木唰地展开翅膀打了他手背一下，又迅速收起。 Little Lei Mu spread his wings and slapped the back of his hand, and quickly put it away.
王叶不敢再摸了，就蹲在一边看着精灵小雷木滴口水。 Wang Ye didn't dare to touch it anymore, so he squatted to the side and watched the elf little Lei Mu drool.
他家木木真的太可爱了~！ His Mumu is really cute~!
雷木不知道是被他灼灼目光给看得受不了，还是孵化精灵蛋的必要步骤，雷木身上忽然冒出大量绿色藤蔓，把他裹成了一个球。
Lei Mu didn't know if it was because he couldn't stand his burning gaze, or if it was a necessary step to hatch the elf egg, a large number of green vines suddenly appeared on Lei Mu's body, wrapping him into a ball.
王叶见暂时见不到小雷木了，可惜地抹抹口水，走到一边召唤小光和浮游光虫群。
Wang Ye saw that he couldn't see Xiao Lei Mu for the time being, so he wiped his saliva regrettably, and stepped aside to summon Xiao Guang and the floating light insect swarm.
小光很快就带着族群回来了，它有很多事要告诉王叶，比如它在岛上发现了一些能量极为丰富的地方，那里长满了药草。
Xiaoguang soon returned with the clan, and it had a lot to tell Wang Ye, such as the fact that it had found some extremely energy-rich places on the island, which were full of medicinal herbs.
王叶听说有能量丰富的药草，就想到了魔植，顿时心动。
When Wang Ye heard that there were energy-rich herbs, he thought of the demon plant, and his heart was immediately moved.
不过……他还是先吸收能量恢复自身，然后赶紧升级虫巢吧。
But...... He'd better absorb the energy to recover himself first, and then hurry up to upgrade the hive.
魔植采下来就得尽快使用，否则就浪费了，但他现在还不太会制作魔法药剂。可如果能把这些魔植移植到虫巢里面，那就可以长期发展了。
Demon plants must be used as soon as possible after harvesting, otherwise they will be wasted, but he is not very good at making magic potions yet. But if you can transplant these magic plants into the hive, then you can develop in the long run.
另外，等蛋孵出来，他总不能让木木抱着小婴儿睡在旷野上吧？
Besides, when the eggs hatched, he couldn't let Mu Mu sleep in the wilderness with the baby in his arms, right?
王叶让小光留了部分浮游光虫帮两人站岗，剩下的还是让它们继续出去浪。
Wang Ye asked Xiaoguang to leave some of the planktonic light insects to help the two of them stand guard, and let them continue to go out to wave.
“咿咿！”这个给你。 "Babble!" This one is up to you.
小光很是骄傲地留下一块虫蜜，带着族群就飞出去了，它们刚发现紫珠叶树开花了，那花蜜很对它们的口味。
Xiaoguang proudly left a piece of insect honey and flew out with the group, they just found that the purple pearl leaf tree had bloomed, and the nectar was very good for their taste.
王叶看到有小儿拳头大的一块淡金色虫蜜，大喜。不容易啊，耗费了大量金砖和魔晶，还分了一些虫母的精神力给小光它们，如今总算看到回头钱了。
Wang Ye was overjoyed when he saw a piece of pale golden insect honey the size of a child's fist. It's not easy, I spent a lot of gold bricks and magic crystals, and I also gave some of the spiritual power of the insect mother to Xiaoguang, and now I finally see the money back.
虽然不多，但这表示了收获的开始啊！ It's not much, but it's the beginning of the harvest!
有了这东西，加上无垢花，他就可以炼制出可以大幅度提升和改善身体素质的无垢洗髓药剂。
With this thing, coupled with the Innocent Flower, he could refine the Innocent Pulp Cleansing Elixir that could greatly enhance and improve his physical fitness.
这药剂的效果和传说中的基因改良药剂差不多，效果甚至更好，因为虫蜜在改善和促进基因进化方面效果极强，且因为药效可以缓慢发挥的缘故，对身体刺激性非常低。再佐以可以排除身体杂质的无垢花，那效果何止翻倍？
The effect of this potion is similar to that of the legendary genetic modification potion, and the effect is even better, because the insect honey is extremely effective in improving and promoting genetic evolution, and because the effect of the medicine can be slowly exerted, it is very irritating to the body. Coupled with the innocent flower that can remove impurities from the body, the effect is doubled?
王叶立刻开始准备泡澡桶，泡澡水非常豪奢地使用了聚水珠滴下来的钟乳石液。
Wang Ye immediately began to prepare the bath bucket, and the bath water used the stalactite liquid dripping from the water beads very luxuriously.
这水不用烧开，重点是加入的药液。 The water does not need to be boiled, the focus is on the liquid medicine added.
王叶把泡澡桶就放在雷木身边，滴入炼制好的药液，脱光光爬进去坐好，一边运转能量吸收药力，一边仔细考虑接下来的探险地。
Wang Ye put the bath bucket next to Lei Mu, dripped in the refined medicinal liquid, stripped naked and climbed in to sit down, while running the energy to absorb the medicinal power, while carefully considering the next exploration place.
他原本想要去十万大山。 He originally wanted to go to the 100,000 mountains.
一来那里草药多，可以提升他的草药学和制药能力。 First, there are many herbs there, which can improve his herbalism and pharmaceutical skills.
二来魔兽多，可以锻炼和提升等级。 Second, there are many Warcraft, which can be exercised and leveled.
三来就是等待和寻找他师父闻笛。 The third is to wait and look for his master to hear the flute.
可经过项链一事，他就意识到一件事：有些机缘好拿，有些机缘就不太好拿了。
But after the necklace, he realized one thing: some opportunities are easy to take, and some opportunities are not so easy to take.
其实他到达海草岛之后的一系列收获已经在暗示他这件事，但他没有意识到。
In fact, a series of gains after he arrived at Seagrass Island were already hinting at him, but he didn't realize it.
最明显的一点，他参加拍卖会拍下了精灵蛋，而之前和之后得到的绝大部分宝物几乎都用在了精灵蛋身上，他自己几乎没占到任何便宜，还倒贴。
The most obvious point is that he participated in the auction and auctioned the elf eggs, and most of the treasures obtained before and after were almost used on the elf eggs, and he himself hardly took any advantage and pasted them upside down.
为什么？ Why?
就因为那些宝物原本的主人都不是他。 Just because the original owner of those treasures was not him.
可因为他救下了原本很可能会孵化不出来或者孵化失败的精灵蛋，他就没有付出更大的代价，只是弄到的宝物都归了精灵蛋。
But because he saved the elf eggs that were likely to fail to hatch or fail to hatch, he didn't pay a greater price, but all the treasures he got went to the elf eggs.
还有一点也能印证他关于此事的推测，那就是他救下了原本可能会出事的雷木，而他得到的一部分机缘也就没能用在自己身上，而是送给了雷木，比如精灵空间，比如魔晶，比如咒怨骷髅。可也因此他得到了雷木的帮助，很多事进行得都很顺利。
There is another point that can also confirm his speculation about this matter, that is, he saved Lei Mu, who might have had an accident, and some of the opportunities he got were not used on himself, but given to Lei Mu, such as elf space, such as magic crystals, and such as cursed skeletons. But because of this, he got the help of Lei Mu, and many things went smoothly.
如果没有救下雷木，他现在恐怕还不知道和寄生虫族或者黎家等人怎么折腾呢。
If Lei Mu hadn't been saved, he probably wouldn't know how to toss with the Parasitic Zerg or the Li family and the others now.
不过因为他对雷木是心甘情愿地付出，不管给雷木什么，他都愿意和高兴，所以他压根就没有意识到他弄到的机缘其实很多都给了雷木或分享给了他。
However, because he was willing to give to Lei Mu, no matter what he gave Lei Mu, he was willing and happy, so he didn't realize that many of the opportunities he got were actually given to Lei Mu or shared with him.
直到地球之行提醒了他…… Until a trip to Earth reminded him......
如此，他以后想要安全地拿到更多机缘，最好就是找那种与寄生虫族有关，或者近未来被毁灭的地方，或者是那种从没有被人发现的，至少也要是在他上辈子死亡之前没有被人发现的。
In this way, if he wants to get more opportunities safely in the future, it is best to find the kind of place that is related to the parasite, or the destruction of the near future, or the kind that has never been discovered, at least not before his death in the previous life.
而这种机缘地肯定要比一般的机缘地危险得多，他去这些地方找机缘简直就像是明知山有虎偏向虎山行，可谁让他修炼的是因果之力呢。有得必有失，么有办法啊！
And this kind of chance is definitely much more dangerous than ordinary chances, and he goes to these places to find opportunities is like knowing that there are tigers in the mountains and leaning towards the tiger mountains, but who let him cultivate the power of cause and effect. There are gains and losses, there is a way!
老天爷都警告他了，他还假装不知道，那就是故意挑衅。看看那些和国家机器抗争的人的下场吧，你再试试和整个世界大意识对抗着玩，那可真的是要修仙了。
God has warned him, and he still pretends not to know, that is a deliberate provocation. Look at the fate of those who fight against the state apparatus, if you try to play against the whole world consciousness, it is really going to cultivate immortals.
与天抗命，夺天地之造化，跳出三界、超脱五行，反制天道，那就不是他这种普通人能玩得转的。
Disobeying the heavens, seizing the creation of heaven and earth, jumping out of the Three Realms, transcending the five elements, and countering the way of heaven, that is not something that ordinary people like him can play.
他好不容易重生，还有三个娃要养，还是老实点吧。 He was finally reborn, and he still has three babies to raise, so let's be honest.
而按照时间和机缘大小，现在他有两个比较适宜的选择。
And according to the size of time and chance, he now has two more suitable choices.
选择一，去精灵族地。 Choose one and go to the Elven Lands.
因为精灵族地会在游戏运行第十八年，族地被寄生虫族攻破，族地被占领，精灵大半被灭。
Because the elven land will run in the eighteenth year of the game, the clan land will be attacked by the parasitic zerg, the clan land will be occupied, and most of the elves will be destroyed.
而在这之前，精灵族地因为比较排斥外人，极少有除精灵以外的人进入精灵族地获取机缘。
Before that, because the elven land was relatively exclusive to outsiders, very few people other than the elves entered the elf land to get opportunities.
选择二，陨星魔法学校 Option 2, Meteorite School of Magic
这家魔法学校是双月星十二大魔法学校之一，排名第五，不上不下。
This magic school is one of the twelve magic schools of the Double Moon Star, ranking fifth, and it is not up or down.
不是她实力不够强，而是她的魔药学院拉了她的后腿，每次和其他魔法学校进行魔药比试，该学院总是近乎垫底。
It's not that she's not strong enough, it's that her Potions Academy has pulled her back, and every time she competes with other magic schools in potions, the academy is always close to the bottom.
与此相反的是她的炼金学院，炼金学院分魔武炼制和魔器炼制，不管哪一种都非常强大，在众魔法学校比试中，不是第一就是第二，夺得魁首的次数居多。
On the contrary, her alchemy academy, the alchemy academy is divided into magic martial arts refining and magic weapon refining, no matter which one is very powerful, in the competition of all magic schools, it is either the first or the second, and the number of times it has won the top spot is the majority.
而纯魔法比试，这学校也很强，一直稳坐前三的宝座。 And in the pure magic competition, this school is also very strong, and it has always been firmly in the top three.
如此，这座魔法学校的综合成绩就排在了第五位。 In this way, the overall score of this magic school is ranked fifth.
而这样强盛的一座魔法学校却在八年后从双月星消失，学校的教授和学生不是死亡就是失踪，活着的没有一个能说出该校发生了什么事。
Eight years later, a powerful school of magic disappeared from the Twin Moons, and the school's professors and students were either dead or missing, and none of the living could say what had happened to the school.
该校废墟之后就成了一个超大型副本，是玩家必玩的副本之一。而且副本从普通到困难到地狱级都有，很多玩家都是从这里学会的魔法技能。
After the ruins of the school, it became a super-large dungeon, and it is one of the must-play dungeons for players. And the dungeons range from ordinary to hard to hell level, and many players learn magic skills from here.
这样一座魔法学校，机缘肯定不少，也很适合他过去进修。
Such a magic school must have a lot of opportunities, and it is also very suitable for him to study in the past.
正好雷木现在对炼金很感兴趣，让他和自己一起进入魔法学校学习也很有意思，他们还能做同学。
It just so happens that Reimu is very interested in alchemy now, and it is also interesting to let him enter the magic school with him, and they can still be classmates.
除了这两个选择，他还知道一些在十年内被灭亡的种族和地区，有些是因为天灾，有些是人祸，还有一些则是原因不明。
In addition to these two options, he also knew of some races and regions that were wiped out in ten years, some because of natural disasters, some because of man-made disasters, and some because of unknown causes.
到时候问问木木吧，看他想去哪里。 When the time comes, ask Mu Mu to see where he wants to go.
王叶把头也整个没入了泡澡水中。 Wang Ye also submerged his head in the bath water.
两天后，雷木还是老样子。 Two days later, Remu was still the same.
已经彻底恢复并且身体素质又提高两层的王叶围绕着藤蔓球走了两圈，感觉出雷木生机很旺盛，心态也很平和，就开始安心升级虫巢。
Wang Ye, who had completely recovered and improved his physical fitness by two layers, walked around the vine ball twice, feeling that Lei Mu was very vigorous and his mentality was also very peaceful, and he began to upgrade the insect hive with peace of mind.
王叶这次升级虫巢花了整整四天时间。
王叶刚从虫巢出来，想要跟雷木炫耀他的新虫巢，就看到已经恢复成人形态的雷木走到他面前，张口就跟他说：“孵出来了，你要看看吗？”
王叶哼唧一声：“是不是很丑？”
雷木忍笑，手掌伸到王叶面前，展开。
王叶低头一看，眼中浮起迷惑之色：“……这是什么？”
一条跟豆芽菜差不多长度，头大身子小的小金蛇盘坐在雷木的手掌中心。
说它是蛇也不太对，因为这玩意还有四只爪子。
可要说它是小金龙，王叶又打从心里不愿意。
这玩意的脑袋长得也不太像龙，更像是脑门长了小疙瘩的动漫小蛟造型，还头重脚轻，坐都坐不稳。
眼睛大大的、圆圆的，脑袋也圆溜溜的，鼻子粉嫩嫩，耳朵不圆，有点尖，但不长，嘴巴比例稍微有点大。
“好丑！这是虫子吗？他真的是精灵？”王叶不可置信。
小金蛇的圆眼睛里忽然冒出了两颗大大的泪花。
雷木失笑：“你别这样说他，他很喜欢你呢，一直都想见你。”
王叶嫌弃地戳戳小金蛇，评价：“还精灵族呢，一点都没有木木的可爱。”
雷木一把抓住王叶的手，硬是把小金蛇放到他的手心里：“精灵族刚出生时应该都是这样，他能孵化出来，主要是靠你，你不是他血缘上的父母，但也给了他生命。他还没有名字，你给他取个名字吧。”
王叶手掌僵硬地托着小金蛇，与小家伙大眼瞪小眼。
小金蛇冒出来的泪珠更大了。
“小哭包。”王叶头大：“他不是金精灵族吗，就叫多金吧。”
“哇！”小金蛇放声大哭，显然不太喜欢这个名字。
雷木也觉得这名字有点太那什么，结果王叶看小金蛇哭了，立刻恶狠狠地道：“不愿意叫多金？那就叫招财好了，要么进宝。你自己选！”
“呜哇！呜哇！”小金蛇大脑袋埋到了尾巴里，哭得伤心不已。这三个破名字，他一个都不喜欢。
雷木看看王叶眼里小恶魔一般的光彩，再看看哭得抽抽搭搭的小金蛇，叹口气：“大名以后再取，小名就叫金宝吧，金子的金，宝贝的宝。”
王叶不可能不给雷木面子，闻言哼了哼：“这么好的名字便宜他了。”
小金蛇真心不觉得这小名有多好，但对比之前的三个，金宝好歹讨喜多了。
小金蛇不哭了，算是接受了这个小名。
“这小东西吃什么？他不会要吃奶吧？”王叶故意晃动手掌，看金宝啪嗒摔倒。
“应该不用吧，他最喜欢的食物应该是生命之树树叶，或者生命之液，但我们没有。呃，也许给他提供一些富含能量的食物就可以？”雷木虽然获得了精灵空间，也有精灵族血脉，但他自己在精灵族都是幼儿，接收到的传承也不多，哪里知道精灵族刚出生都吃些什么，只能凭猜。
王叶恶劣地用手指翻过小金蛇的身体，再轻轻一弹。
小金蛇骨碌碌滚了好几圈。
雷木看小叶子折腾小金蛇，暗笑，他能感觉出来小叶子也就是逗小精灵玩，并没有伤害他的意思，就随他去了。
金宝被晃得滚来滚去，可这小东西竟然喜欢上这个游戏了，不但没有觉得被欺负，反而含着眼泪高兴得叽叽笑起来。
王叶满头黑线：这到底是小鸡仔还是小蛟龙？精灵族刚出生怎么会是这个样子？
王叶把小金蛇放到自己肩膀上，抓住雷木的手摇了摇：“木木，你有想去的地方吗？”
雷木想了想：“原来我打算送你回家，现在不用了。要么我们送金宝回家？”
小金蛇在王叶肩膀上爬来爬去，小脑袋高高昂着，似乎对周围什么都很好奇。
“他现在不会说话吗？之前不是能和你交流？”王叶问。
雷木：“之前只是出于本能的呼救。虽然精灵族貌似有传承记忆，但金宝刚出生，就算接收到传承记忆也不多，他现在就是小婴儿。”
王叶斜眼望自己的肩膀，总觉得这条小金蛇奸诈狡黠，一脸刁滑像。他就不信这小坑货真的不能交流，他明明能听懂他们的话。
“送他回去也行。但我们总不能白白帮精灵族养孩子，送回去后怎么也要一笔孵化费和养育费，还要保护和护送费！”王叶还戳戳小金蛇，凶恶地道：“你要努力帮我们要钱知道吗？否则扣你的伙食。”
小金蛇像是听不懂一样，睁着大大的圆溜溜的眼睛看着王叶。
“你就装傻吧！”王叶阴森森道。
王叶又跟雷木提到陨星魔法学校，问他想不想去这个学校学习炼金术。
雷木也颇为心动：“听说魔法学校只收十八岁以下的未成年，我已经十九了，恐怕不行了吧？”
王叶表示这不是问题：“大不了到时候你使用精灵血脉，在精灵族，你这样的还是幼儿呢。要么就伪装混血，呃，你也不需要伪装，你本来就是混血。”
雷木不想暴露自己的精灵族血脉，但王叶的话也提醒了他，混血佷常见，有些拥有精灵族血脉的人，人类血脉占上层，外表并没有什么变化。而对于这种拥有特殊血脉的混血，魔法学校在年龄上一般都会网开一面。
“陨星魔法学校正好距离我知道的那个精灵族地不远，我们可以把金宝送去精灵族地后就去那个学校报名看看。”这也是他选择这座魔法学校的原因。
甚至他怀疑这座学校会在八年后就神秘消失，很可能就和寄生虫族有关。
谁让这座学校距离精灵族地那么近，而且实力强大，如果精灵族地出事，他们第一个能求救的对象就是这座魔法学校。
将心比心，如果他是寄生虫族，在攻打精灵族前，也会先考虑把这个最有可能的外援给断掉，这样也能避免腹背受敌。
不过他当年也做过这座学校的副本任务，好像并没有碰到寄生虫族？
第105章 赶去报名
出乎意料的，金宝儿似乎很得小光及浮游光虫群的喜欢。
小光受到召唤，回来发现金宝后，竟然把珍贵的虫蜜送给了金宝，还特别殷勤地把虫蜜泡在钟乳石液里。
也不知道小光做了什么，那凝固的虫蜜竟然在钟乳液里化开，变成了微稠的淡金色液体。
这次凝聚出来的虫蜜饱含魔植的能量，又是花蜜凝练而成，非常合金宝儿的口味，小家伙大半个身体都扑进了碗里，喝得头也不抬。
王叶妒忌得磨牙。心想寄生虫族不是要干掉精灵族吗，怎么会对精灵幼崽这么好？
王叶忍不住就问了小光。
小光：“咿咿咿，咿咿！”
王叶看雷木看向他，忙翻译道：“小光说它感到了同族的气息。”
雷木惊讶：“同族？”
精灵族和寄生虫族会是同族？怎么可能？
这是个谜，暂时无解。王叶再问小光，小光也说不清楚，就表示它们浮游光虫群有抚养幼崽的责任，而金宝儿充满同族幼崽气息，还是非常高等的幼崽，与王虫差不多。
但你要是问小光，金宝儿真是寄生虫族吗，小光又说不是。
王叶想到寄生虫族刚一冒头就那么大张旗鼓地把精灵族给干掉，还占领了精灵族地，这其中是否和小光感觉到的同族气息有关联？
王叶对精灵族总算产生了更多一点的兴趣，觉得这个秘密也许要到精灵族地后才能解开。
想要前往精灵族地，首先要离开这片海域，前往有魔法交通工具或者有传送阵的大城市。
王叶和雷木的运气还算不错，海草岛为期一个月的集市在这时也差不多快结束，很多大船即将返航。
走之前，王叶跟着小光跑了一趟，把浮游光虫群发现的魔植连同下面充满能量的土壤全都收进虫巢。
小光也发现了之前章绘发现的充满能量的小湖泊。
而这个湖泊的水之所以充满能量，是因为这个湖泊就是远古巨兽的一个眼眶，湖泊底下有一颗巨兽眼珠凝成的能量石，湖泊里的水倒只是山顶普通溪流流下来的水，不过长期浸泡能量石，湖水才会带有能量。
不用说，上辈子海沟岛这些充满能量的地方和东西肯定全都便宜了寄生虫族。
不过这辈子，不好意思，这些东西都归他了。
王叶用虫巢把整个湖泊都给吞噬了，虫巢里有了这个湖泊，感觉整个空间似乎都活了过来。
之后，王叶和雷木两人请从海草岛回来的鲨鱼驾船把他们送到海草岛，为了避免别离的伤感，王叶悄悄找的鲨鱼，连村长都没惊动。
不过王叶准备了一些礼物，委托鲨鱼帮他送给村长、船锚、海蛋、海崖等所有和他关系不错的村人。
礼物是王叶在地球买的大量土麻布、蜡烛和小米，不是王叶不想送其他更实用的东西，但像是菜刀、铁锅和作物种子之类都很容易暴露他的身份。
但麻布、蜡烛和小米，这边都有，还很常见，他选的还是这边常见的样式，任何人看到实物都不会看出问题。
而且这些东西不算贵重，海沟村人接受起来也容易，也不会引起别人眼红。
不说海沟村人收到礼物有多感动和开心，王叶和雷木到达海草岛后，两人打听到一艘海船要前往角戈群岛国，当即就买票登船了。
打听海船的时候，王叶还稍微打听了一下寄生虫族和囚犯岛的事，却发现事关囚犯岛和寄生虫族的消息竟然很少，似乎被人有意封锁了消息。
王叶打开因果卷，查看辛加烈的情况，见他已经离开囚犯岛，正乘船中。
左家兄弟俩和他认识的囚犯岛人也都已经离开海草岛，包括少年烈苍和毒狼女儿都安然无恙。
再看和他有因果关系的其他人，连升竟然还没有安息，而是跟在了辛加烈身边。佣兵公会那位分站长符永则待在囚犯岛，负责金矿开发事宜。
王叶又通过他救过的囚犯，发现囚犯岛的大多数囚犯并没有转移，锡雨国派了新的监狱长和新的看守们过去，而囚犯们几乎都转职为了矿工。
显然佣兵公会和锡雨国上层已经谈判好，会共同开发囚犯岛上的金矿。
王叶又查看监狱长辛格尔的情况，就看到这位本体意识已经消失，因果卷上他的名字已经淡不可见，但他的变异体还在，所以仍旧待在因果卷上。
王叶不知道上辈子辛格尔有没有变成变异体回到锡雨国王都，但锡雨国之后确实问题重重，这个国家后来悄无声息地消失了，被春木上国吞并。就是不知道寄生虫族是不是也悄悄侵蚀了春木上国的上层。
但这辈子辛加烈活了下来，还有两个幽灵帮手，其中一个还是曾经的寄生虫族替补王虫，寄生虫族的事也引起双月星最大组织佣兵公会的注意，想来锡雨国的情况应该不会再糟糕到国破且人口大量锐减的程度？
别的国家、别的人的事，王叶没兴趣多管，大致了解情况后就丢之脑后。
海上的旅途漫长又无聊，因为不是速度快捷的魔法船，就是普通商船，不但速度慢，客舱还极为狭小逼仄——没有大的客舱了，还好王叶有虫巢，他们住船舱只是做个样子，绝大多数时间都待在虫巢中。
虫巢经过第四次升级，整体面积大了两倍。
种植区多出了一座小山，就是王叶吸收（被硬塞）进来的那座远古巨兽心脏所化的小岛。
这座小山里满是能量，王叶暂时无法消化，只能囤积在那里。
钟乳洞也扩大了一大圈，还和小山融合在了一起。
新的二层小楼就盖在小山脚下，也是钟乳洞旁边，小楼门前一条石板路直通湖泊。
湖泊边围绕着一块块田地，目前只有部分魔植和一些草药生长。
小光喜欢这湖泊的能量，就让王叶把它们的金巢给移到了湖边，就在石板路边上。
曾经的蜂巢洞壁变成了一座蜂巢山，里面依然建有隔离房。
围墙变得低矮，全都是金矿石垒成。只要王叶愿意，他可以坐在小楼里眺目远望，从虫巢空间一直看到外面，就好像虫巢空间和外界空间是相通的。
雷木每天就待在小湖边训练自己对三种血脉力量的掌握和转换。
王叶就把全副心神用在制作因果武器和对上下水路以及二层小楼的建设修改上。
金宝成天在虫巢里面探险，这小东西黏王叶比黏雷木厉害，明明王叶对他没什么好脸色，他却就喜欢跟在王叶屁股后面，动不动就往王叶身上爬。
王叶发现就把他扔下来。
金宝却把这个当做游戏，每天都以爬到王叶肩膀为胜利目标，更以给王叶添乱为乐趣。
金宝只有想困觉或受委屈的时候才会去找雷木，肚子饿的时候就去找小光。
王叶就觉得这小东西狡猾得不行，一眼就看出来这个家到底是谁做主，明显把他当玩伴，把雷木当衣食父母依靠。
小光……就是个小叛徒，虽然他没有明令禁止，但小光特别喜欢向金宝免费奉献，每次分泌出一点虫蜜就屁颠颠地全拿去喂养金宝儿了。
虽说虫蜜不好经常服用，要间隔一段时间使用才有效果，但看到属于自己的财产被自己的契约虫给免费送出去，王叶还是很不爽。
要不是雷木喜欢那四脚蛇，他早就一天揍那小崽子八顿！
因为每到晚上都会靠岸休息，原本三天三夜的海程，花了将近七天，船只才终于抵达角戈群岛一个繁华的大港口天涯港。
这里有魔法列车去往沼泽森林入口。
到达沼泽森林后，还要换乘那边的传送阵，才能抵达陨星魔法学校所在城市。
不想使用传送阵，那就只能自己想法穿过占地面积不亚于十万大山的沼泽森林。
沼泽森林也是著名的历练地之一，里面魔兽和魔植无数。
从天涯港到沼泽森林入口，距离大约是从华夏首都到A国首都的三倍，坐船不绕行也要两三个月左右，乘坐魔法列车直达就只要三天。
自然，魔法列车的票价也极为高昂，普通人根本坐不起。
还好王叶现在算是小有财产，否则他和雷木要么就坐上三个月的海船，要么就只能用两条腿跨越至少十个国家，中间再穿越一大片沙漠，辛辛苦苦走到沼泽森林入口。
请注意，精灵族地并不在沼泽森林中，而是在陨星魔法学校另一边的无尽森海中。
没错，陨星魔法学校就坐落在两个超大森林中间的峡谷中。
峡谷很大很大，如果不从地图看，你进入其中都不会知道那是峡谷。
峡谷中还有一条大河，这条河彻底分开了两座森林。
从地图上看，就好像有一双巨人的手生生把一座超级巨大的森林从中间一撕为二。
天空中，纯黑色、宛如长蛇的魔法列车留下让人仰望的身影，快速掠过。
“哐当！”列车突然被猛烈撞击。
整个车箱都剧烈摇晃起来。
“怎么回事？是攻击吗？”乘客慌了。
“妈妈！我害怕！”小孩跟着尖叫。
雷木和王叶对视，王叶正在给二胡调音。
不想暴露虫巢，他们就包了整个车厢，这个四人卧铺车厢目前只有他们两个。
如果不算因为受不了魔音穿耳爬到小桌板上蹲着的金宝儿，和停在车窗玻璃上专心看着下面风景的小光的话。
“咿咿！”小光飞起来。
金宝儿则迅速爬向雷木，这时候他才不会找王叶呢。 Jin Bao'er quickly crawled towards Lei Mu, so that he would not look for Wang Ye at this time.
雷木看向窗外，发生问题的不是他们这一侧。 Raimu looked out the window, it wasn't their side that was the problem.
“哐当！”列车再次剧烈摇晃。 "Bang dang!" The train shook violently again.
车厢里的乘客顿时大乱，到处都是尖叫声，还有人下意识想跑，又被剧烈震荡给晃倒。
The passengers in the carriage were suddenly in chaos, screaming everywhere, and some people subconsciously wanted to run, but they were shaken down by violent shocks.
雷木示意王叶别动，他走到门边拉开车厢门向外面看。 Lei Mu motioned for Wang Ye not to move, he walked to the door and opened the door of the carriage to look outside.
刺啦刺啦的刺耳撕扯声响起，人们的惊叫更加尖锐。 The stabbing and screeching sounds rang out, and the screams of the people became sharper.
声音来源于前面的普通车厢。
“是魔兽！看那爪子！”那车厢中的乘客大惊失色地喊。
"It's a Warcraft! Look at the claws! The passenger in the carriage shouted in shock.
一只巨大的爪子硬生生插进车厢铁皮中，爪子呈青黑色，那尖锐巨大的爪尖一看就不好惹。
A huge claw was forced into the iron sheet of the carriage, the claw was blue-black, and the sharp and huge claw tip was not easy to mess with at first glance.
刺啦，铁皮被撕开更多，不但一只大爪子探进车厢，一只开始腐烂的脑袋也探进了车厢。
“是活尸魔兽，竟然是活尸魔兽！我们死定了！”乘客大哭。
"It's a living corpse beast, it's a living corpse beast! We're dead! The passenger cried.
“救命！谁来救救我们！”那节车厢的乘客全都疯狂往两头跑。
"Help! Who's going to save us! "The passengers in that carriage were all running frantically at both ends.
雷木唰地合上车厢门，转头就对王叶道：“进虫巢，快！”
Lei Mu closed the door of the carriage suddenly, turned his head and said to Wang Ye: "Enter the worm nest, quickly!" ”
王叶没动：“我听到有人喊活尸魔兽？” Wang Ye didn't move: "I heard someone shouting about the Living Corpse Demon Beast?" ”
“对，那东西很难对付，不小心被抓伤，还有可能转变成活尸。你在这里待着，我去去就来。”雷木把金宝儿扔给王叶，再次拉开车门就跑了出去。活尸魔兽不同于一般魔兽，这东西不消灭，所有人都得倒霉。
"Yes, it's hard to deal with, and if you get scratched, you could turn into a living corpse. You stay here, and I'll come when I go. Lei Mu threw Jin Bao'er to Wang Ye, opened the car door again and ran out. The Living Corpse Demon Beast is different from the ordinary Demon Beast, if this thing is not destroyed, everyone will be unlucky.
王叶挥手就把金宝儿和小光收入虫巢，抓着二胡也跟了出去。
Wang Ye waved his hand and put Jin Baoer and Xiaoguang into the insect nest, grabbed the erhu and followed out.
活尸病毒，不下于寄生虫族的讨厌玩意。 The living corpse virus is no less annoying than the parasitic bugs.
有点像是地球的丧尸病毒，据说这病毒是研究死灵魔法的黑魔法师搞出来的，那人想要研究出一种可以把活人直接转变为可以操纵的尸体的魔法，用了很多乱七八糟的魔药，最后他研究成功了。
It's a bit like the zombie virus of the earth, this virus is said to be created by a dark mage who studies necromantic magic, and the man wants to develop a magic that can directly transform living people into manipulable corpses, and uses a lot of messy potions, and finally he succeeds in researching.
活死人出现，但他自己也被感染，变成了活死人。 The living dead appeared, but he himself was infected and became the living dead.
因为这坑人的玩意自己把自己搞死了，当初的药方和魔法详细也没能留下来，导致后人想要研究解药困难重重。
Because this pit man's thing killed himself, the original prescription and magic details were not left, which made it difficult for future generations to study the antidote.
他师父闻笛能从药帅升到药王，就是因为他研制出了能杀死活尸病毒的药剂。
His master Wen Di was able to rise from Medicine Shuai to Medicine King because he developed a medicine that could kill the living corpse virus.
不过不是现在，还要等两年后，等他师父从十万大山的秘境中出来。
But not now, he has to wait two years later, when his master comes out of the secret realm of the 100,000 mountains.
现在，只要是活尸，那就是人见人怕。 Now, as long as it's a living corpse, it's feared by everyone.
活尸一出现，一死就是一大片。 As soon as the living corpse appears, it is a large piece of death.
活尸魔兽的大爪子伸入车厢抓人。 The big claws of the living corpse beast reached into the carriage to grab people.
出事车厢里的乘客你推我、我推你，拼命把别人往那只大爪子面前推。
The passengers in the accident carriage pushed me, I pushed you, desperately pushing others in front of that big paw.
只要推过去，我就不用死了！ Just push it over, and I won't have to die!
只要再支撑一会儿，列车的护卫肯定会派人来解决这只活尸魔兽。
As long as it is supported for a little longer, the guards of the train will definitely send someone to deal with this living corpse beast.
唰，唰！出事车厢两头的车门合上，被封锁住。 Whew, whew! The doors at both ends of the accident car were closed and blocked.
没能及时逃出去的乘客疯狂拍打车门，狂喊着让我过去。
Passengers who didn't get out in time banged frantically on the car door and shouted for me to pass.
“封！”雷木暗中帮了一把，把那活尸魔兽禁锢在车厢上，不让它进一步撕裂车厢。
"Seal!" Lei Mu secretly helped and imprisoned the living corpse monster on the carriage to prevent it from tearing the carriage further.
魔法列车中的护卫也及时出手，数名魔法师飞到车厢外攻击那活尸魔兽。
The guards in the magic train also intervened in time, and several magicians flew outside the carriage to attack the living beast.
还有两名武师从内部攻击，并让所有没能逃走的乘客趴到地上。
Two other warriors attacked from the inside and threw all the passengers who were unable to escape to the ground.
那些乘客看有人来救他们，总算稍微安定了些，全都趴到地上，或躲在座位的缝隙里。
The passengers, seeing that someone had come to rescue them, finally calmed down a little, and they all fell to the ground or hid in the gaps in their seats.
王叶发现没有他的用武之地，就连雷木都没怎么插上手，就溜溜达达地往回走。
Wang Ye found that there was no use for him, and even Lei Mu didn't intervene much, so he walked back.
“砰！” "Bang!"
“砰砰砰！” "Bang bang bang!"
连续好几声类似枪击的声音响起，刺耳的铁皮刮擦声再次响起。
Several gunshot-like sounds rang out in succession, and the piercing scraping of iron sheets rang out again.
被攻击的活尸魔兽挣脱异术束缚，向车厢内部又硬生生挤入一部分。
The attacked living corpse beast broke free from the shackles of the anomaly and squeezed into the interior of the carriage.
活尸魔兽不怕疼痛也不怕死亡，因为理论上它的身体已经死亡了，现在残存的只有一个本能欲望，食欲！
The Living Corpse Demon Beast is not afraid of pain or death, because theoretically its body has died, and now all that remains is an instinctive desire, appetite!
哪怕要死，它也要先吃个饱。 Even if it wants to die, it must eat first.
“啊——！”惨叫传来，像是有人被活尸魔兽给抓住了。
"Ah——!h The screams came, as if someone had been caught by a living corpse monster.
“哐当！”又是一下剧烈摇晃。 "Bang dang!" Another violent shake.
一名魔法师发了大招。 A magician makes an ultimate.
王叶感觉到列车好像停了。 Wang Ye felt as if the train had stopped.
出事车厢安静数秒，忽然传来欢呼：“死了！掉下去了！我们得救了！”
The accident carriage was silent for a few seconds, and suddenly there was a cheer: "Dead!" Falling! We are saved! ”
其他车厢的乘客也发出了欢呼和放松的吁气声。 Passengers in other carriages also let out cheers and exhalations of relaxation.
这节卧铺车厢的客人最是紧张，因为他们这节车厢就在出事车厢旁边，如今见危险解除，跑到走廊查看情况的乘客纷纷互相安慰，还有人鼓掌。
The guests in this sleeper car were the most nervous, because their car was next to the accident car, and now that the danger was removed, the passengers who ran to the corridor to check on the situation comforted each other, and some applauded.
雷木也走了回来。 Thunderwood also walked back.
他看王叶没有听话地进入虫巢，很无奈，把王叶推进车厢，说道：“还好只有一只活尸魔兽，应该是飞行类，大概是之前在哪儿被感染了活尸病毒，飞着飞着就转变成了活尸，然后被本能控制，看到这么长的魔法列车就以为是大餐，就来攻击了。”
He saw that Wang Ye did not obediently enter the hive, he was very helpless, pushed Wang Ye into the carriage, and said: "Fortunately, there is only one living corpse monster, it should be a flying class, probably where was it infected with the living corpse virus before, and it turned into a living corpse when it flew, and then it was controlled by instinct, and when I saw such a long magic train, I thought it was a big meal, so I came to attack." ”
“附近出现活尸，会派人筛查的吧？” "If there is a living corpse nearby, someone will be sent to screen it, right?"
“嗯。佣兵公会和魔法师公会有的忙了。如果是深山老林还好，如果出事地点是人类聚集地，就麻烦了。”雷木见过活尸病毒的危害，对此很是在意。
"Hmm. The Mercenary Guild and the Wizards' Guild are busy. If it's deep in the mountains and old forests, it's fine, but if the accident site is a human gathering place, it's troublesome. "Reimu has seen the dangers of the Living Corpse Virus, and he cares about it.
列车为此在天空停了大约十分钟。 The train stopped in the sky for about ten minutes for this.
下面的活尸尸体要做处理，车厢中的客人也要做检查，被损毁的车厢也需要做临时封闭处理。
The corpses of the living corpses below are to be disposed of, the guests in the carriages are also to be examined, and the damaged carriages also need to be temporarily closed.
列车护卫全副武装出来检查那节车厢的乘客，只要发现受伤的，哪怕只是擦破皮，也全部带走，不管乘客怎么哭嚎，有的闹得太厉害，全都直接打昏拖走。
The train guards came out to inspect the passengers in the carriage in full gear, and as long as they found that they were injured, even if they were just scratched skin, they were all taken away, no matter how the passengers cried, and some of them were too noisy, they were all directly knocked unconscious and dragged away.
没事的客人则被转移到其他车厢。 Guests who are okay are transferred to other carriages.
等检查完出事车厢，护卫们又开始检查前后两节车厢。 After inspecting the accident carriage, the guards began to inspect the front and rear carriages.
出事车厢门封锁前，还是有少部分乘客逃入附近两节车厢，不过因为所有车厢都被及时封锁，除前后车厢以外的其他车厢都还算安全。
Before the accident car door was blocked, a small number of passengers still fled into the two nearby cars, but because all the cars were blocked in time, the other cars except the front and rear cars were safe.
听到敲门声，雷木扬声：“请进。” Hearing a knock on the door, Lei Mu raised his voice: "Please come in." ”
护卫还算礼貌，先行礼问好，再说检查。 The guards were polite, saluting first and then inspecting.
检查不用脱光衣服，活尸病毒已经出现将近二十年，异术界合作，共同研发出了能迅速检查人身上有没有伤口的魔器，如果发现伤口，则需要带走做进一步检查。
There is no need to strip naked for inspection, the living corpse virus has been around for nearly twenty years, and the alien world has cooperated to jointly develop a magic weapon that can quickly check whether there are wounds on a person's body, and if a wound is found, it needs to be taken away for further examination.
因为活尸病毒的潜伏性很强，被感染不能马上被检查出来，只能等上大约三到四个小时。
Because the living corpse virus is very latent, it cannot be detected immediately if it is infected, and it can only wait for about three to four hours.
一名魔法师拿着水晶球，示意雷木和王叶挨个上前把手放在水晶球上。
A magician held the crystal ball and motioned for Lei Mu and Wang Ye to step forward one by one and put their hands on the crystal ball.
雷木现在就是普通人外貌，大大方方地上前碰触水晶球。
Lei Mu is now an ordinary person, and he generously stepped forward to touch the crystal ball.
一大一小都检测过，身上没有任何伤口。 One large and one small have been tested, and there are no wounds on the body.
“打搅了。”列车护卫们再次行礼，带上门离开。 "Excuse me." The train guards saluted again and left with the door.
这算是个旅途小插曲，没有造成太大危害，两人也都没怎么在意。
It was a small episode of the journey, and it didn't cause much harm, and neither of them paid much attention to it.
次日上午，魔法列车抵达目的地，在沼泽森林入口站台降落停靠。
The next morning, the magic train arrives at its destination and lands at the swamp forest entrance platform.
王叶两人刚从车站里出来，就发现这里人真的好多。 As soon as Wang Ye and the others came out of the station, they found that there were really a lot of people here.
车站外热闹无比，耳中随时都能听到揽客的声音。 Outside the station, it is bustling with activity, and the sound of soliciting passengers can be heard at any time.
“住店请往这边来，我们安心旅店价廉物美，住起来安心又舒适，一个晚上的单独客房最低只要两个银币！”
"Please come here, our peace of mind hotel is cheap and good, and it is safe and comfortable to live in, and the minimum for a single room for one night is only two silver coins!"
“向导，谁需要向导？无论是帮忙寻找旅店，还是寻找租房，或是想要进入沼泽森林历险，我都可以！”
"Guide, who needs a guide? Whether it's helping you find a hotel, finding a rental, or going on an adventure in the swampy forest, I've got you covered! ”
“优质老向导，一天只要三银币！” "High-quality old guide, only three silver coins a day!"
“五级佣兵团雪峰佣兵团招人啦，药师和异术师优先，武师也欢迎！待遇优厚，伙伴热情，想要进入沼泽森林探险的速来！”
"The fifth-level mercenary group Snow Peak Mercenary Group is recruiting, pharmacists and magicians are preferred, and martial artists are also welcome! The pay is good, the partners are warm, and you want to go into the swamp forest to explore! ”
“四级烈火佣兵团，团长和副团长都是大美女，现诚心招募异术师两名，冰系优先！”
"Fourth-level Agni Mercenary Regiment, the head and deputy head are all big beauties, and now we sincerely recruit two magicians, and the ice system is preferred!"
“欲报名参加陨星魔法学校本年度招生考试的同学，请到这里排队。”
"Students who want to sign up for this year's entrance exam for Meteorite Magic School, please line up here."
一道非常响亮清楚的男音压住了所有声音，在半空响起。
A very loud and clear male voice suppressed all voices and sounded in mid-air.
霎时，无数人转头看向声音传来的方向。 Suddenly, countless people turned their heads to look in the direction where the voice came from.
王叶一指飘在半空中的旗帜：“木木，我们去那边。” Wang Ye pointed to the flag floating in the air: "Mumu, let's go over there." ”
那是陨星魔法学校的校旗，那里显然有该校的接待点。 It was the flag of the Meteorite School of Magic, and there was apparently the school's reception point.
王叶会这么急着和雷木赶过来，就是因为这段时间正好是双月星各大魔法学校的招生季。
Wang Ye was in such a hurry to come over with Lei Mu because this time happened to be the enrollment season of the major magic schools of the Double Moon Star.
双月星的招生季和地球不同，每学年都是一月份开学，十二月为考试月，没有寒暑假。招生则是在十月到十一月。
The enrollment season of the double moon star is different from that of the earth, and each school year starts in January, December is the exam month, and there is no winter and summer vacation. Enrollment is from October to November.
陨星魔法学校的报名时间只从十月十日到十一月十日。 Registration for Meteorite School of Magic is only open from October 10 to November 10.
而今天已经是十一月二号。 And today is the 2nd of November.
沼泽森林入口车站外会这么热闹，也跟正处在陨星魔法学校的报名期有关。
The fact that the station at the entrance to the swamp forest will be so lively is also related to the fact that it is in the registration period of the Falling Star Magic School.
只要仔细看看，就会发现这一个月来这里的孩子特别多，这种情景在其他时候几乎是见不到的。
If you take a closer look, you will see that there are so many children who come here this month, which is almost impossible to see at other times.
等王叶和雷木挤到陨星魔法学校的报名点，那边已经排了一条长队。
By the time Wang Ye and Lei Mu squeezed to the registration point of the Meteorite Magic School, there was already a long queue there.
不过有看起来像是高年级生的学生在维持秩序，人虽然多，并不乱。
However, there are students who look like senior students maintaining order, and although there are many people, they are not chaotic.
“你们也是来报名的？到那边排队，不准插队。”穿着学校制服、大约十七八岁的少年板着脸指挥。
"You're here to sign up too? Go there and queue up, don't cut the line. "A boy of about seventeen or eighteen years old, dressed in a school uniform, commanded with a straight face.
王叶和雷木乖乖过去排队。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu obediently went over to line up.
王叶的打算就是先报名，如果通过考试，后面还有近一个月时间才开学，足够他和雷木把小四脚蛇送去藏在无尽森海中的精灵族地。
Wang Ye's plan was to sign up first, and if he passed the exam, there would be nearly a month before school started, which was enough for him and Lei Mu to send the little four-legged snake to the elven clan land hidden in the endless forest sea.
“木木，你看。”王叶抬下巴。 "Mumu, look." Wang Ye lifted his chin.
就见侧前方过来了一群人，这些人由一名魔法师带队，后面都是大约七八岁到十来岁的少年儿童，人数不多，只有二十来个。
Then I saw a group of people coming from the side, these people were led by a magician, and behind them were children about seven or eight years old to ten years old, there were not many of them, only about twenty people.
雷木一看这种情况就了然道：“这世上有很多有天赋却因为家境不好或者路途遥远，而不能前往魔法学校报名的学生，更不要说有些偏远地区连魔法师公会都没有，想检测资质都做不到，有些天赋极好的孩子到死都不知道自己有魔法和异术天赋。为此，每到招生季，各大魔法学校都会前往世界各地招生并为他们做最初步的测试。通过这种方法，有些魔法学校真的发现了非常优秀的苗子。”
Lei Mu saw this situation and said: "There are many talented students in this world who can't go to the magic school to register because of their poor family background or long distance, not to mention that some remote areas don't even have a magician guild, and they can't do it if they want to test their qualifications, and some extremely talented children don't know that they have magic and magic talents until they die." For this reason, every enrollment season, major magic schools will go to all over the world to recruit students and do the first tests for them. Through this method, some magic schools have really found very good seedlings. ”
这些被魔法师带来的好苗子，不需要跟他们一样排队，会被直接带去传送阵，传送到陨星城。
These good seedlings brought by the magicians do not need to line up like them, they will be directly taken to the teleportation array and teleported to Falling Star City.
队伍慢慢往前进，随着又一辆魔法列车到来，这条报名队伍不见减少，反而越排越长。
The line slowly moved forward, and as another magic train arrived, the queue did not decrease, but became longer and longer.
“发个牌子就好了，叫到号再过去嘛。这样一点点往前蹭，真的太累人了。”王叶嘀咕。
"It's good to give a sign, and then call the number. It's really tiring to rub forward like this. Wang Ye muttered.
雷木任由他懒懒的靠在自己身上，带着他往前挪动：“再忍忍，速度也不算很慢，大概到中午就能轮到我们了。”
Lei Mu let him lean lazily on him, and moved forward with him: "No matter how patient you are, the speed is not very slow, it will probably be our turn at noon." ”
“那还有两三个小时呢。还魔法学校呢，每年都来这么一次，都不知道改进吗？”
"Then there's still two or three hours left. What about the magic school, I come here once a year, and I don't know how to improve? ”
“就是啊，累死我了，简直跟罚站一样。那些富人就好了，可以让仆人帮着排队，自己在一边休息，我们就惨了，只能自己排。”后面突然传来少年的抱怨声。
"yes, I'm so tired, it's like a penalty station. Those rich people are fine, they can let the servants help line up, and rest on the side by themselves, and we will be miserable, we can only line up by ourselves. Suddenly there was a young man's grumbling voice from behind.
雷木和王叶一起扭头朝后看。 Lei Mu and Wang Ye turned their heads together to look back.
“别乱说话！”一名二十多岁、穿着干练的武者服的女青年用力拍了下自家蠢弟弟的后脑勺。
"Don't talk nonsense!" A young woman in her twenties, dressed in a smart warrior's uniform, slapped her stupid brother on the back of the head.
大约十二三岁的小少年捂着脑袋嗷嗷叫：“姐，你又打我！”
The little boy of about twelve or thirteen years old covered his head and shouted: "Sister, you hit me again!" ”
“让你胡说八道，不打你打谁？”女武者冷笑，似乎还想揍弟弟一巴掌。
"Let you talk nonsense, who will you hit if you don't hit you?" The female warrior sneered, as if she wanted to slap her younger brother.
小少年顿时老实了，对王叶做了个“我好可怜”的苦脸。
The little boy suddenly became honest and made a bitter face of "I'm so pitiful" to Wang Ye.
王叶对他摆摆手，靠在雷木身上，浑身都散发出“我是被宠爱”的强烈优越感。
Wang Ye waved his hand at him and leaned on Lei Mu, exuding a strong sense of superiority all over his body, "I am favored".
雷木对女武者点点头。 Reimu nodded to the female warrior.
大约是雷木沉稳的气质和酷帅的外貌赢得了女武者的好感，女武者也对雷木点头示意，并打招呼道：“你也是带弟弟来报名的吗？”
It was about Lei Mu's calm temperament and cool appearance that won the favor of the female warrior, and the female warrior also nodded to Lei Mu and greeted, "Did you also bring your younger brother to sign up?" ”
雷木没说他也要报名，只道：“是啊。” Lei Mu didn't say that he also wanted to sign up, but said, "Yes." ”
“你弟弟看起来乖多了，不像我家这个，一路上烦死我了。”女武者嘴上这么说，眼中却明显带了几分骄傲。
"Your brother looks much more well-behaved, unlike my family, who annoyed me to death along the way." The female warrior said this, but there was obviously a bit of pride in her eyes.
她能大老远带她弟弟过来，她弟弟肯定已经做过资质检测。
实际上，有能力自己跑到沼泽森林入口处的报名者，九成九以上都是已经在魔法师公会做过资质检测，确定有做魔法师和异术师的可能，才会不惜资金和危险，来到这里。
In fact, more than ninety percent of the applicants who have the ability to run to the entrance of the swamp forest by themselves have already done the qualification test in the Wizards' Guild and determined that they have the possibility of becoming magicians and magicians, so they will come here at the expense of money and danger.
雷木笑了笑：“你弟弟也很好，看起来就像是天才。” Lei Mu smiled: "Your brother is also very good, he looks like a genius." ”
王叶忽然发现他家木木也很会扯，恭维人都不眨眼睛。 Wang Ye suddenly found that his family Mu Mu was also very good at pulling, and he didn't blink an eye when complimenting people.
女武者脸上绽出笑容，她心里也是这么想她弟弟的，但她嘴上还是谦虚了两句，又夸奖王叶看起来特别精神。
A smile bloomed on the female warrior's face, she also thought so about her brother in her heart, but she still said a few words modestly, and praised Wang Ye for looking very energetic.
雷木看着懒洋洋靠在他身上、无聊得就快睡着的小家伙，真不知道女武者是从哪里看出小叶子特别精神。
Lei Mu looked at the little guy who was lazily leaning on him and was so bored that he was about to fall asleep, I really don't know where the female warrior saw that Xiao Yezi was particularly spiritual.
“我听说这次报名好像增加了一个步骤。”女武者可能真的对雷木很有好感，说了一个她无意间听到的小道消息。
"I've heard that this registration seems to have added a step." The female warrior may really have a crush on Reimu, telling a gossip she overheard.
“哦？什么步骤？” "Oh? What steps? ”
前面耳朵尖的家长也竖起了耳朵，还特意往这边靠近了一点。
The parent with the pointed ears in front also pricked up his ears and deliberately moved closer to this side.
女武者也不介意把这个消息分享出去，再说这也不是什么秘密，等到了报名点就能知道。
The female warrior didn't mind sharing the news, and besides, it wasn't a secret, and she would know it when she got to the registration point.
“听说因为每年报名人数太多，为了减轻学校那边的考试负担，今年会在报名时就做一次初步筛选，如果没能过关的人，报名都不让报。”
"I heard that because there are too many applicants every year, in order to reduce the burden of the exam on the school's side, a preliminary screening will be done at the time of registration this year, and those who fail to pass the test will not be allowed to register."
第106章 夺舍 Chapter 106: Seizure
至于详细的筛选内容，女武者也不知道。 As for the detailed screening content, the female warrior doesn't know.
之前报过名的人谁也说不清楚，反正有人资质很好也被刷下来了，有人资质很是一般，却报名成功。
No one can say clearly who has registered before, anyway, some people have very good qualifications and have been brushed down, and some people have very average qualifications, but they have successfully registered.
前方突然传来喧哗声。 Suddenly there was a commotion ahead.
好多人一起探头向前方看去，就见一名填写报名表的少年突然很愤怒地站起来，大声说着什么。
Many people looked ahead together, and saw a teenager who had filled out the registration form suddenly stood up angrily and said something loudly.
可很快就有人过来把这名少年和旁边等待他的家人都“请”走了。
But soon someone came and "invited" the boy and his family waiting for him away.
王叶隐约听到那少年嚷嚷着他是六等资质什么的。 Wang Ye vaguely heard the young man shouting that he was a sixth-class qualification or something.
所谓资质就是对魔法和异术的感知力以及精神力以及身体素质的综合表现说法。
The so-called qualification is the comprehensive expression of the perception of magic and magic, mental power, and physical fitness.
最高资质目前是九等，最低一等。 The highest qualification is currently the ninth class and the lowest is the first class.
没有任何魔法和异术资质的人被称为无魔体，只能走武者一途。
People who do not have any magical and alien qualifications are called non-demonic bodies and can only follow the path of martial artists.
实际上三级以下资质的人，大多选择的都是武者一途，只有四级以上资质才有可能跨过魔法学徒的门槛，成为初级魔法师，而成为初级魔法师才算是真正踏入魔法和异术的世界。
In fact, most of the people with qualifications below the third level choose the path of martial arts, and only those with qualifications above the fourth level can cross the threshold of magic apprentices and become junior magicians, and only by becoming a junior magician can they truly step into the world of magic and magic.
六等资质，绝对不低了。 The sixth-class qualification is definitely not low.
上辈子他测试的是七等资质，这辈子应该不会比这个资质低。
In his previous life, he tested the seventh-class qualification, and in this life, it should not be lower than this qualification.
王叶很想过去找那个被请走的青年问问是怎么回事，不过也只能在心里想想。
Wang Ye really wanted to go over to the young man who was invited away to ask what was going on, but he could only think about it in his heart.
两人虽然没有刻意打听，但像这种报名被刷下来还大声嚷嚷的人还是比较引人注目的，附近就有人在议论那贵族派头十足的少年为什么会被刷下来的原因。
Although the two didn't deliberately inquire, people like this who were brushed down and shouted loudly were still more eye-catching, and there were people nearby who were talking about why the aristocratic young man was brushed down.
王叶两人听了一会儿，才知道这少年的六等资质好像来历有问题。
Wang Ye and the others listened for a while, only to know that this young man's sixth-grade qualifications seemed to have a problem with his origin.
贵族少年原本似乎只有三等资质，很多认识少年的人都知道这一点，可不知为何，一年过后，这人竟然变成了六等资质。
The aristocratic boy originally seemed to have only a third-class qualification, and many people who knew the boy knew this, but for some reason, after a year, this person turned out to be a sixth-class qualification.
一般资质能有这么大的变化，别人藏着掩着都来不及，可少年大约是做贼心虚，也可能是出于炫耀心里，恨不得嚷嚷得让所有人都知道他现在是六等资质。
There can be such a big change in general qualifications, and it is too late for others to hide and hide it, but the young man is probably a thief, or it may be out of a show off, and he can't wait to let everyone know that he is now a sixth-class qualification.
结果人学校的筛查能力很强，硬是发现他的六等资质有问题，连报名资格都没给他。
As a result, the screening ability of the school was very strong, and it was found that there was a problem with his sixth-class qualification, and he was not even given the registration qualification.
之后接连又有两人被宣称报名无效。 After that, two more people were declared invalid.
这两人一人面色黯然，一人反复询问为什么要把他刷下来，似乎无法接受这个结果。
One of the two men had a gloomy face, and the other repeatedly asked why he was brushed off, as if he could not accept the result.
可报名处的魔法师却什么解释都没有，只让两人离开，说陨星魔法学校不适合他们。
But the magician at the registration office didn't explain anything, and only let the two of them leave, saying that the Falling Star School of Magic was not suitable for them.
前一个人垂头就走了，他心里很清楚他报名没成功的原因，他超过十八岁了。
The previous person hung his head and left, he knew very well in his heart the reason why his application was not successful, he was over eighteen years old.
但后一个人一直纠缠不休，一定要工作人员说出拒绝他报名的原因。
But the latter person has been pestering endlessly, and the staff must say the reason for refusing his registration.
结果那负责报名的魔法师非常硬气地说出：“原因就是我校不想收你，认为你不适合我校，还有其他问题吗？下一个！”
As a result, the magician in charge of signing up said very stiffly: "The reason is that our school doesn't want to accept you, thinking that you are not suitable for our school, do you have any other problems?" Next! ”
那人气愤离开，人刚走，王叶就听到排在他前面的某个少年大声道：“就那人还问原因？排队让仆人代排，坐在车厢里还让仆人占了老大一片地，摆的架子特别大，最荒唐的是他竟然还叫了两个女仆进去陪他，那声音外面都听见了！这样的人，还指望魔法学校录取他？呸！”
The man left angrily, and as soon as the person left, Wang Ye heard a young man in front of him say loudly: "That person still asks the reason?" Queue up for the servants to line up, sit in the carriage and let the servants occupy a piece of the boss's land, the shelf is particularly large, the most ridiculous thing is that he even called two maids to go in to accompany him, the voice was heard outside! Such a person, still counting on the magic school to admit him? Bah! ”
王叶摸摸下巴：这个人行为不适宜被看到也就算了，但其他人……该魔法学校到底是怎么检查出这些人不合适？
Wang Ye touched his chin: It's okay if this person's behavior is not suitable to be seen, but the others ...... How on earth did the school of magic check out that these people were not suitable?
经过将近三个小时的排队，总算轮到王叶和雷木。 After nearly three hours of queuing, it was finally Wang Ye and Lei Mu's turn.
王叶抢在了雷木前面走到报名桌前，报名桌竟然只有一张，怪不得报名速度会这么慢。
Wang Ye rushed in front of Lei Mu and walked to the registration table, there was only one registration table, no wonder the registration speed was so slow.
王叶看到现在，对所谓的初步筛选是怎么回事已经有所猜测，在填报名表时，就故意跟工作人员发表了一点小小的意见：“大哥，这个报名表为什么不提前发给大家呢？多准备几张桌子，让大家先一步填写好，这样不是效率更高吗？”
Wang Ye saw that now, he had already guessed what the so-called preliminary screening was, and when filling in the registration form, he deliberately expressed a small opinion to the staff: "Big brother, why didn't you send this registration form to everyone in advance?" Wouldn't it be more efficient to prepare a few more tables and let everyone fill them out first? ”
“另外，排队要是给大家发号码就好了，再弄几个显目的大牌子叫号。这样人员也不用全部挤在这儿，乌泱泱的，容易产生矛盾，而且寒风吹着，好冷啊。”
"In addition, it would be good to line up to give everyone a number, and then get a few conspicuous big signs to call the number. In this way, there is no need for all the personnel to be crowded here, it is dark and easy to cause contradictions, and the cold wind is blowing, so cold. ”
雷木没有来得及捂上王叶的嘴，只好指望报名处的工作人员能大人不记小人过。
Lei Mu didn't have time to cover Wang Ye's mouth, so he had to count on the staff at the registration office to be adults and not remember villains.
越是地位高、越是背景深厚的人，他表面也许会表现得很谦虚，但你真的当他面提意见，那就等着他给你小鞋穿吧。
The higher the status and the more profound the background, he may be humble on the surface, but if you really give your opinion in front of him, then wait for him to give you little shoes to wear.
君不见拍马屁的虽然被人看不起，却混得比一般人都好。
Although you don't see sycophants, they are looked down upon, but they are better than ordinary people.
而真心直口快说话不过脑子的，大多郁郁不得志。 And most of those who are really outspoken and quick to talk but have no brains are depressed.
报名处的工作人员是一名非常典型的魔法师，他穿着魔法师袍，身上戴着初级魔法师徽章，脸看着也比较年轻。
The staff at the registration office is a very typical magician, he wears a wizard's robe, wears a junior magician badge on his body, and looks relatively young.
年轻的魔法师第一眼看到王叶时就觉得他是个小刺头，等他一张嘴更是确定了这点。
The young magician thought that Wang Ye was a little prickly when he first saw him, and when he opened his mouth, he was even more sure of this.
不过他作为在学校混了很多年的老生，又带过那么多届学弟学妹，更参加了多次学校组织的报名活动，各种各样的大小奇葩不知见到了多少，早就修出了万事不萦于怀的淡然。
However, as an old student who has been in school for many years, he has brought so many younger students and sisters, and has participated in many registration activities organized by the school.
所以年轻魔法师只很温柔地笑了笑，说道：“你的意见很好，我记下了。不过作为魔法师，耐性也很重要。另外，告诉你一个小秘密，你们当着我们的面填写报名表，我们就可以借此机会观察你们，包括你们在哪一栏问题上犹豫最久。”
So the young magician only smiled very softly and said, "Your opinion is very good, I have written it down." However, as a magician, patience is also important. In addition, to tell you a little secret, you fill out the registration form in front of us, and we can take the opportunity to observe you, including which column you hesitate about the longest. ”
“同时你们填写报名表的这张桌子其实是一个魔法资质检测魔器，等你们填写完报名表，包括骨龄、种族、资质等级、精气是否充足、灵魂是否有恙等等的检测结果也全部出来了。”
"At the same time, the table where you filled out the registration form is actually a magic qualification testing weapon, and when you finish filling out the registration form, the test results including bone age, race, qualification level, whether the essence is sufficient, whether the soul is sick, etc., will also come out."
年轻魔法师扬了扬手中一本厚厚的书本，上面自动记录了所有检测内容。
The young magician raised a thick book in his hand, on which all the tests were automatically recorded.
王叶睁大眼睛感叹：“好厉害啊！”果然问题就出在桌子上。
Wang Ye opened his eyes wide and sighed: "It's amazing!" "Sure enough, the problem is on the table.
雷木听到，立刻在身体表面布上了一层封印，并把魔族血脉藏得更深。他就说小叶子不像这么莽撞的人，原来他说那些是有目的的。
When Lei Mu heard this, he immediately placed a seal on the surface of his body and hid the demon bloodline even deeper. He said that Xiao Yezi was not like such a reckless person, it turned out that he said that those were purposeful.
一个天真爽直到有些莽撞的孩童，谁会提防他？ A child who is innocent and reckless, who will be wary of him?
年轻的魔法师又笑道：“你心里是不是在说那些有权有势和富有的人不用自己排队？你仔细看看队伍就知道，真懂行的人或者家里消息灵通的，不管他家里地位多高，都会乖乖自己过来排队。只有那什么都不懂的，才会傻傻地让仆人代排。”
The young magician smiled again, "Are you saying in your heart that those who are powerful and rich don't have to line up on their own?" If you look at the queue carefully, you will know that a person who really knows the line or someone who is well-informed in the family, no matter how high his status in the family is, will obediently come and line up by himself. Only those who don't understand anything will stupidly let the servants arrange for them. ”
王叶眨眼：“你们在打分？从大家排队开始？” Wang Ye blinked: "Are you scoring?" Start with everyone in line? ”
“是啊。”年轻的魔法师一口承认了。 "yes." The young magician confessed.
“一名优秀的魔法师除了本身资质，他的性格和心性也会和他未来的发展息息相关。比如说你，你年龄小，却敢于说出自己的意见，这证明你很勇敢。可你有意见，却仍然遵守了规则，老老实实排队到现在，并且全程没有让你哥抱你背你，这证明你心性比较坚韧，也有一颗体谅他人和愿意尊重规则的心。”
"In addition to his own qualifications, a good magician's personality and heart will also be closely related to his future development. For example, if you are young, but you dare to speak your mind, this proves that you are brave. But you have opinions, but you still abide by the rules, honestly queue up until now, and don't let your brother carry you throughout the whole process, which proves that you are more tenacious, and you also have a heart that understands others and is willing to respect the rules. ”
王叶肃然起敬，这才是拍马屁说好话的最高境界，这位绝对是个人物。
Wang Ye was in awe, this is the highest level of sycophants and good words, this is definitely a character.
“你就这么把这些告诉我没关系吗？你不怕我说出去，以后就考验不到别人了吗？”王叶左看右看，一副他要马上把消息卖出去的小模样。
"Is it okay for you to just tell me this? Aren't you afraid that if I say it, I won't be able to test others in the future? Wang Ye looked left and right, looking like he was going to sell the news immediately.
年轻魔法师被逗笑，对小孩挤了挤眼睛：“因为你已经通过初步筛选，报名成功了。而且我觉得你是个非常机灵的小鬼，想要通过学校考试的机会应该很大，既然是自己人，当然没什么好隐瞒的。至于我跟你说的这些，该知道的人都知道，不知道的人……你觉得这个世界的消息传播速度能有多快多广？”
The young magician was amused and squeezed his eyes at the child: "Because you have passed the preliminary screening and the registration is successful." And I think you're a very clever little ghost, and you should have a good chance of passing the school exam, since you're your own person, of course there's nothing to hide. As for what I am telling you, everyone who should know knows it, and those who don't know it...... How fast and wide do you think the news in this world can spread? ”
王叶了然。年轻魔法师跟他说的事，应该有很多人知道，但这些人都只限于消息灵通之人，像他这样偏远地区来的，如果没有一点门路，也没人会主动跟他说明这些。
Wang Ye understood. There should be many people who know what the young magician told him, but these people are only well-informed, and if he comes from a remote area like him, if he doesn't have the slightest way, no one will take the initiative to explain it to him.
雷木松了口气，小叶子能报名成功就好，不枉他们大老远地跑过来。
Lei Mu breathed a sigh of relief, it was good that Xiao Yezi could sign up successfully, and it was not in vain that they came all the way over.
“你哥很担心你，很多魔法师性格都很怪异和桀骜，他们可不会因为你是幼崽就会心慈手软。”年轻魔法师见王叶资质不错，就小小点了王叶一句，随后就发给王叶一张木牌，让他自行前往学校考试点参加考核。
"Your brother is worried about you, many magicians have weird and rebellious personalities, and they don't show mercy just because you're a cub." Seeing that Wang Ye's qualifications were good, the young magician nodded Wang Ye a little, and then gave Wang Ye a wooden card and asked him to go to the school examination center to participate in the assessment by himself.
凭借这块木牌，报名者可以免费使用一次从沼泽森林入口到陨星城的传送阵。
With this wooden plaque, applicants can use the teleportation array from the entrance of the swamp forest to Meteor City for free.
接过木牌的王叶冲着年轻魔法师咧嘴一笑，道谢后走到一边，下一个就轮到雷木了。
Wang Ye, who took the wooden card, grinned at the young magician, thanked him and stepped aside, and the next one was Lei Mu's turn.
没等多久，不到五分钟，雷木也过来了。 It didn't take long to wait, and in less than five minutes, Remu also came.
“通过了？”王叶看到了雷木拿在手里的木牌。 "Passed?" Wang Ye saw the wooden card that Lei Mu was holding in his hand.
雷木一身轻松地笑道：“我在种族那一栏填了人族和精灵族的混血，年龄就填的十九，没想到通过了。”
Lei Mu smiled lightly: "I filled in the mixed blood of the human race and the elf race in the race column, and the age was nineteen, but I didn't expect to pass." ”
雷木对王叶做了个手势，谢谢他之前的提醒。那桌子确实有些门道，幸好他给自己又加了一重封印。
Lei Mu gestured to Wang Ye, thanking him for the reminder before. There was indeed some doorway to the table, but luckily he had added another seal to himself.
“通过就好，以后我们就可以做同学了。”王叶边说，边和雷木一起往传送阵那边走。
"It's good to pass, and we can be classmates in the future." Wang Ye said as he walked towards the teleportation array with Lei Mu.
“还有入学考试。” "And the entrance exams."
“我们俩应该没什么问题。”王叶特别自信地说。 "There shouldn't be a problem with the two of us." Wang Ye said confidently.
排在他们后面的小少年中途肚子疼，只好临时离开，他姐帮他排着队伍，可那小少年现在还没回来。
The little boy behind them had a stomachache and had to leave temporarily, and his sister helped him line up, but the little boy hadn't come back yet.
女武者让他们不必等，两人自也不会客气。 The female warrior told them not to wait, and the two of them would not be polite.
王叶忽然道：“总觉得这个初步筛选不止是筛选年龄、种族、资质相关，你觉得还有什么？”
Wang Ye suddenly said: "I always feel that this preliminary screening is not only related to age, race, and qualifications, what do you think is else?" ”
雷木答：“可能还有心性？” Lei Mu replied: "Maybe there is still a heart? ”
“如果不是寄生虫族的消息不可能那么快传过来，传过来也没有好的方法可以检测，我更会以为这是寄生虫族筛查。”王叶道。
"If it weren't for the parasitic news, it wouldn't have come so quickly, and there was no good way to detect it, and I would have thought it was parasitic screening." Wang Ye said.
“也不是没有可能。我们之前不是碰到活尸魔兽了吗，也许这次筛查还包括活尸。让大家长时间排队，可能就是为了等待活尸毒发作。”雷木一顿，目光转移：“那孩子回来了，他看起来好像有点不太妙。”
"It's not impossible. Didn't we encounter the Living Corpse Demon Beast before, maybe this screening also includes the Living Corpse. Let everyone queue for a long time, probably just to wait for the onset of the living corpse poison. Lei Mu paused, and his gaze shifted: "The kid is back, and he doesn't seem to be doing well." ”
跑肚拉稀的小少年终于回来，脸色十分苍白，似乎还不是很舒服。
The little boy who ran with a loose stomach finally came back, his face was very pale, and he didn't seem to be very comfortable.
他姐很焦急，不住问他要不要改天再来报名，报名时间还有八天。
His sister was very anxious and kept asking him if he wanted to sign up another day, and there were still eight days left to sign up.
小少年摇摇头，见再次轮到他，便坚持走到桌前坐下。 The young man shook his head, and when he saw that it was his turn again, he insisted on walking to the table and sitting down.
王叶听到雷木提及那小少年，下意识扭头看过去。 Wang Ye heard Lei Mu mention the little boy, and subconsciously turned his head to look over.
这一看，王叶皱起了眉头。 Seeing this, Wang Ye frowned.
药师，其实也是医师。至少他师父就是这么教他的。 Pharmacists, in fact, are also physicians. At least that's what his master taught him.
这个世界的药师和华夏的国医差不多，因为没有机器帮助检查，对病人的病情分析，基本就是靠望闻问切这四个手段。
The pharmacists in this world are similar to the Chinese traditional doctors, because there is no machine to help with the examination, and the analysis of the patient's condition basically relies on the four means of looking, hearing, asking and cutting.
王叶之前看小少年还精气神十足，健康度几乎破表，可现在这小少年却出现了病容。
Wang Ye used to see that the little boy was still full of energy, and his health was almost off the charts, but now this little boy has a sick appearance.
这不止是跑肚拉稀造成的脸色苍白。 It's not just a pale face caused by diarrhea.
但小少年正在填写报名表，王叶也不适合这时候过去查看他的情况。
But the little boy was filling out the registration form, and Wang Ye was not suitable to go over to check his situation at this time.
雷木：“怎么？有什么不对吗？” Remu: "What? Is there something wrong? ”
王叶不确定地道：“不知道，得看看。” Wang Ye said uncertainly: "I don't know, I have to take a look." ”
大概小少年的脸色也引起了那名年轻魔法师的注意，对方似乎询问了小少年是否不舒服之类的问题。
Presumably, the young man's face also caught the young magician's attention, and the other party seemed to ask the little boy if he was uncomfortable or something.
王叶和雷木已经距离报名点较远，听不到他们在说什么。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu were already far away from the registration point, and they couldn't hear what they were saying.
但小少年成功递交了报名表，并得到了一枚木牌。 But the boy successfully submitted the registration form and was given a wooden plaque.
女武者大喜，过去用力揉了揉弟弟的头发，又问他身体碍不碍事。
The female warrior was overjoyed, rubbed her brother's hair vigorously, and asked him if he was in the way.
小少年摇头，姐弟俩向这边走来。 The little boy shook his head, and the sister and brother walked this way.
“嗨。”王叶对姐弟俩招手。 "Hey." Wang Ye beckoned to the siblings.
女武者惊讶：“你们还没走？” The female warrior was surprised: "You haven't left yet?" ”
“我看他不舒服，有点担心他，反正也没事，就等等了。”王叶道。
"I see that he is uncomfortable, and I am a little worried about him, but it is okay anyway, so I will wait." Wang Ye said.
女武者感动：“谢谢。这小笨蛋就是吃坏了肚子，他没事。”
The female warrior was moved: "Thank you." This little fool just ate a bad stomach, and he's fine. ”
“我跟我师父学过两手，要么我帮你看看？”王叶一副跃跃欲试的小孩模样，“我师父可是很厉害的药师。”
"I've learned two hands from my master, or can I help you take a look?" Wang Ye looked like a child who was eager to try, "My master is a very powerful pharmacist. ”
“没想到你还是药师学徒。”女武者眼睛亮了亮。 "I didn't expect you to be an apprentice pharmacist." The warrior's eyes lit up.
“嗯，我考这座魔法学校就是想要进魔药学院学习制作魔法药剂。”
"Well, I went to this magic school because I wanted to enter the Potions Academy to learn how to make magic potions."
“那真是太好了，我相信你将来一定会成为一名伟大的药剂师。”女武者真心实意地夸奖和期盼。
"That's great, I'm sure you'll be a great pharmacist in the future." The female warrior sincerely praises and looks forward to it.
王叶和雷木肯因为担心他弟弟，就在这边等着，就说明他们为人很不错。而且这两人都拿到了木牌，通过了初步筛选，将来说不定就和她弟是同校学生。
Wang Ye and Lei Muken were waiting here because they were worried about his younger brother, which showed that they were very good people. And both of them got wooden cards, passed the preliminary screening, and may be students of the same school as her brother in the future.
现在再听说王叶有意学习魔药，还已经有一定基础，女武者对王叶自然更加热情，哪怕对方还只是一个小孩子。
Now that I heard that Wang Ye was interested in learning potions, and he already had a certain foundation, the female warrior was naturally more enthusiastic about Wang Ye, even if the other party was just a child.
“那就麻烦你帮我弟弟看看吧，正好我也想带他去找药师看看情况。”
"Then please help my brother take a look, it just so happens that I also want to take him to the pharmacist to see the situation."
王叶示意小少年伸出手腕。 Wang Ye motioned for the little boy to stretch out his wrist.
小少年可能觉得有趣，也可能是不觉得一个十岁不到的孩童真能看出什么，就逗趣似地把手腕伸到王叶面前。
The little boy may find it interesting, or he may not think that a child less than ten years old can really see anything, so he amusefully stretches his wrist in front of Wang Ye.
王叶握住小少年的手腕，一边输入能量游走少年全身，一边打开了因果卷。
Wang Ye held the little boy's wrist, and while inputting energy to swim through the young man's body, he opened the cause and effect scroll.
少年同意让他治疗，就和他产生了因果。 The boy agreed to let him be treated, and there was a cause and effect with him.
因果卷上果然出现少年的名字和部分情况介绍。 Sure enough, the name of the teenager and part of the introduction of the situation appeared on the cause and effect paper.
王叶看到一行字，眉头挑了挑，因果之力在小少年身体中走了一圈又一圈，最后向大脑集中。
When Wang Ye saw a line of words, his eyebrows raised, and the power of cause and effect walked around the little boy's body again and again, and finally concentrated on his brain.
小少年却突然收回自己手腕，脸色也不再苍白，看起来竟似好转了许多：“啊，我感觉自己好了很多，没事了。”
The little boy suddenly withdrew his wrist, his face was no longer pale, and he seemed to have improved a lot: "Ah, I feel a lot better, it's okay." ”
王叶：“……我建议你还是找个药师给你仔细看看，我怀疑你之前肚子疼是中毒了。”
Wang Ye: "...... I suggest you find a pharmacist to take a closer look at you, I suspect you had a stomach ache and was poisoned. ”
“什么？！”女武者大惊失色：“中毒？怎么会中毒？”
"What?!" The female warrior was shocked: "Poisoned? How can it be poisoned? ”
“姐，你别听这小家伙胡扯。他才多大，懂什么？我没中毒，我好得很，我们不用去找药师，没必要花这个冤枉钱。”小少年冲着王叶扮了个鬼脸。
"Sister, don't listen to this little guy's nonsense. How old is he and what does he know? I'm not poisoned, I'm fine, we don't have to go to the pharmacist, there's no need to spend this unjust money. The little boy grimaced at Wang Ye.
女武者看到弟弟重新变得活泼精神，顿时放心大半。但女武者太重视弟弟，她原本就要带弟弟去找个药师，这会儿见弟弟好转也没有改变主意，就硬把他拖走了。
The female warrior was relieved to see her younger brother become lively again. But the female warrior attached too much importance to her younger brother, and she was going to take her younger brother to find a pharmacist, but when she saw that her younger brother was getting better, she didn't change her mind, so she dragged him away.
她要弟弟以最好的精神面貌去参加陨星魔法学校的入学考试，而不是临时又喊哪里哪里疼。
She wanted her brother to take the entrance exam to the Meteor School of Magic in the best spirit, instead of shouting about the pain on the fly.
沼泽森林入口是个很大的冒险城市，里面有很多很不错的药师和治疗师。
The entrance to the swamp forest is a big adventure city with a lot of great pharmacists and healers.
女武者走时还跟王叶和雷木再次道谢，并祝愿两人入学考试顺利。
When the female warrior left, she thanked Wang Ye and Lei Mu again, and wished them all success in the entrance exam.
两人同样也祝福了小少年。 The two also blessed the little boy.
目送小少年被她姐拖远，雷木才问道：“那小家伙出了什么问题？”
Seeing the little boy being dragged away by her sister, Lei Mu asked, "What's wrong with that little guy?" ”
“问题大了。他的灵魂被人挤了出去，身体被另外一个灵魂占了。”这一刻，王叶脑中转过很多很多。
"It's a big problem. His soul was squeezed out, and his body was taken by another soul. At this moment, Wang Ye's mind turned a lot.
雷木惊：“寄生虫族？” Lei Mu was shocked: "Parasitic Zerg? ”
“不是，那灵魂就是人的灵魂，你可以理解为夺舍。” "No, that soul is the soul of a person, you can understand it as a seizure."
夺舍这个词在双月星也有，有修习灵魂魔法的魔法师和异术师，在自己身死的时候会强行抢占他人身体，尤其喜欢抢占年轻且资质优等的身体。
The word "snatching" is also found in the Twin Moon Stars, where there are magicians and magicians who practice soul magic, and when they die, they will forcibly seize the bodies of others, especially the young and well-qualified ones.
这些人甚至研究出两种魔法阵，分别是灵魂转换阵和灵魂转移阵。
These people even researched two kinds of magic arrays, namely the Soul Transformation Array and the Soul Transfer Array.
这种事情曾经闹出来过，在双月星，灵魂转换也好、夺舍也好，都是被魔法师公会明令禁止的行为。
This kind of thing has been caused before, and in the Double Moon Star, whether it is soul conversion or seizure, it is all prohibited by the Magician Guild.
但上有政策下有对策，魔法师公会的禁令也只能禁止一部分人，还有一部分人仗着自己的能力想怎样就怎样。
But there are policies and countermeasures, and the ban of the Wizards' Guild can only prohibit some people, and some people can do whatever they want with their abilities.
甚至有些魔法师会帮助权高势大的贵族，在他们即将身死时，帮他们转移灵魂，夺舍亲人的身体，以此来赚取大笔修炼资源。
There are even some magicians who will help powerful nobles, when they are about to die, help them transfer their souls and take the bodies of their relatives, so as to earn a large amount of cultivation resources.
不过夺舍有风险，并不是每次操作都会成功，相反失败的时候更多，而且夺舍的限制也很多。
However, there are risks in taking, not every operation will be successful, on the contrary, there are more failures, and there are many restrictions on takeback.
如此，夺舍才没有在这个世界泛滥，而只是极少数事件。
In this way, the seizure did not flood this world, but only a very small number of events.
王叶万没想到一次简单的报名竟会遇到这样严重的事情，偏偏出事的还是他认识的人，虽然他们只是萍水相逢。
Wang Yewan didn't expect that such a serious thing would happen to a simple registration, but it was someone he knew who had an accident, although they just met in Pingshui.
第107章 偷菜的通通打死 Chapter 107: The Vegetable Stealers Are All Killed
雷木：“你刚才说那小家伙中毒了？” Remu: "You just said that little guy was poisoned?" ”
“嗯。他可能是被特意选中的，那种毒不止会让他肚子疼，更会让他灵魂虚弱。我怀疑这附近应该有一个转移灵魂的魔法阵，还有一帮人在合作。首先要有布置魔法阵的魔法师，也许那魔法师还精通魔药，另外还要有负责挑选人选和下毒的人，再有负责把人打昏带走的，至少要有两人。”
"Hmm. He may have been deliberately chosen, and the poison not only made his stomach ache, but also weakened his soul. I suspect there should be a soul-shifting magic circle around here, and a group of people working together. First of all, there must be a magician who arranges the magic array, maybe the magician is also proficient in potions, and there must be someone who is responsible for selecting people and poisoning them, and then there must be at least two people who are responsible for knocking people unconscious and taking them away. ”
王叶冷笑：“那个想要夺舍的人真的很会挑地方，这里集中了大量世界各地赶来的魔法好苗子，资质优异的不知凡几，那人只要在这里布置好灵魂转换魔法阵，想找一个优质目标容易得很。”
Wang Ye sneered: "The person who wants to take away the house is really good at picking a place, there are a large number of good magic seedlings from all over the world gathered here, and there are many people with excellent qualifications, as long as that person arranges the soul transformation magic array here, it is very easy to find a high-quality target." ”
雷木推测：“对方能瞒过陨星魔法学校的魔法师，在附近布置这样一个魔法阵，肯定也是高手。”
Lei Mu speculated: "The other party can hide from the magician of the Meteorite Magic School, and he must be a master when he arranges such a magic array nearby." ”
“灯下黑而已。”王叶眯了眯眼，也不知想到了什么。 "It's just dark under the lights." Wang Ye squinted, and he didn't know what he thought.
雷木：“我们要通知魔法学校的人吗？” Remu: "Are we going to inform the people at the magic school?" ”
王叶沉吟：“夺舍成功后，那个魔法阵肯定已经被销毁，相关者肯定也都撤离。不过通知还是要通知的，鬼知道有一个会不会再有第二个，但不要暴露我们的身份。能布置转魂魔法阵的魔法师至少也是魔导师级别，我们现在还招惹不起。”
Wang Ye groaned: "After the seizure is successful, that magic array will definitely be destroyed, and the relevant people will definitely be evacuated." But the notification still has to be notified, and the devil knows if there will be a second one, but don't reveal our identities. The magician who can arrange the Soul Turning Magic Array is at least at the level of a Magister, and we can't afford to provoke it now. ”
“那是当然。”雷木看小叶子有数，放心了，同时不解：“魔法学校刚才筛查这个少年的资质时，为什么没有查出那小孩的灵魂有异？”
"Of course." Lei Mu saw that Xiao Ye was counted, relieved, and at the same time puzzled: "When the magic school screened this young man's qualifications just now, why didn't it find out that the child's soul was different?" ”
“因为那筛查魔器也就一般，它不是也没检查出你的真正种族血脉有多少？不过那人夺舍的手法非常熟练，哪怕是魔导师过来，恐怕也看不出究竟。再过两天，就是大魔导师都不一定能看出来。也就是我……”王叶也不知道在夸奖夺舍者，还是在夸奖自己。
"Because the screening magic weapon is also average, doesn't it also check out how much your true race bloodline is? However, the man's method of snatching away is very skilled, even if the magister comes, I am afraid he will not be able to see the truth. In two days, even the Great Magus may not be able to see it. That is, I ......" Wang Ye didn't know whether he was praising the loser or praising himself.
雷木忍不住摸了摸王小叶的脑袋：“那对方为什么不等两天？”
Lei Mu couldn't help but touch Wang Xiaoye's head: "Then why didn't the other party wait for two days?" ”
“谁知道呢。也许那夺舍者笃定学校检查不出来，也许是担心夜长梦多？”王叶推测：“更有可能对方对自己的能力非常自信，那夺舍者抢占的很稳，灵魂没有半点损伤，半点不像是刚抢了别人的身体。我猜这个夺舍者绝对不是普通人，也许他就是那个布置转魂魔法阵的魔法师本人。”
"Who knows. Maybe the snatcher is sure that the school can't check it out, maybe it's because he's worried about long nights and dreams? Wang Ye speculated: "It is more likely that the other party is very confident in his own ability, the snatcher is very stable, and the soul is not damaged at all, and it is not like he has just robbed someone else's body." I guess this snatcher is definitely not an ordinary person, maybe he is the magician himself who arranged the soul turning magic array. ”
“那我们要更小心了，你刚才没有让对方察觉什么吧？”
"Then we have to be more careful, you didn't let the other party notice anything just now, did you?"
“没，但他应该察觉出我的精神力比较强大，出于谨慎，才拒绝再让我检查。但如果魔法学校去找他，想要检查他的灵魂，他恐怕很快就会想到是我告的密。”
"No, but he should have sensed that my mental strength was relatively strong, and out of caution, he refused to let me check again. But if the School of Magic went to him and wanted to check his soul, he would probably soon think that I had told him. ”
雷木眉头深深皱起：“那这件事我们还不能轻易告诉学校了。如果只有这一个人也就罢了，如果他还有同伙，盯上你就麻烦了。”
Lei Mu's brows furrowed deeply: "Then we can't easily tell the school about this matter." If it's just this one person, it's fine, and if he still has accomplices, it's troublesome to target you. ”
王叶也不想为了一个萍水相逢的人把自己和雷木置于险境：“那就过一段时间，等到了学校以后，找个魔导师……最好大魔导师级别，还要是精通灵魂或精神类魔法的，让他出面，对方就不会怀疑到我们头上了。”
Wang Ye didn't want to put himself and Lei Mu in danger for a person who met in Pingshui: "Then after a while, when you get to school, find a magic master...... It's best to be at the level of a great mage, and if you are proficient in soul or spirit magic, let him come forward, and the other party will not suspect us. ”
“就这样办，这样更稳妥。传递消息你也不要出面，我来想办法。”雷木决定就扔个小纸条，总之要让人找不到他们头上。
"It's safer to do it that way. You don't have to come forward to deliver the news, I'll figure it out. Remu decided to throw a small note so that people could not find their heads.
紧接着，雷木又问：“那小孩的灵魂还在吗？” Immediately afterwards, Remu asked, "Is the child's soul still there?" ”
“生魂是还在，不过如果他被转移到即将死亡的身体中，那也活不了多久了。”
"The living soul is still there, but if he is transferred to a body that is about to die, it won't last long."
雷木看王叶：“能找到他吗？” Lei Mu looked at Wang Ye: "Can you find him?" ”
王叶不想多管闲事，但他想到八年后陨星魔法学校的离奇被毁，再想到他刚和雷木报名就碰上这种特殊事件，似乎就这么忽视过去也不太好？
Wang Ye didn't want to meddle in things, but he thought of the bizarre destruction of the Meteor Magic School eight years later, and then thought that he had just signed up with Lei Mu and encountered this kind of special event, it seemed that it was not good to ignore the past like this?
“可以。”王叶看着因果卷上，小少年身上延伸出去了一条因果线。
"Yes." Wang Ye looked at the cause and effect roll, and a cause and effect line extended from the little boy's body.
因为那线连接的是身体的原灵魂，这条因果线非常清晰。
Because that line is connected to the original soul of the body, this line of cause and effect is very clear.
只不过小少年的灵魂不是他的直接因果者，他暂时还看不清小少年被转移到谁的身上，但他能顺着因果线找到对方的大致下落。
It's just that the little boy's soul is not his direct cause and effect, and he can't see clearly who the little boy is transferred to for the time being, but he can find the general whereabouts of the other party along the cause and effect line.
虽说不想招惹一个可能是魔导师甚至实力更强的厉害家伙，但王叶哪能甘心让对方这么大咧咧地跟在超市挑选货物一样随意挑选夺舍之躯，他和雷木可也在这些被挑选的货物当中呢。
Although he didn't want to provoke a powerful guy who might be a magister or even stronger, how could Wang Ye be willing to let the other party be so arrogant and pick and choose the goods at will like picking goods in the supermarket, he and Lei Muke were also among these selected goods.
也就是他们好运才没有被选上，他灵魂和元宇宙钥匙绑定，不怕夺舍，但如果被选上的是木木呢？
That is, their good luck was not chosen, his soul is bound to the key of the metaverse, and he is not afraid of taking away, but what if it is Mumu who is chosen?
他到现在还不知道木木上辈子为什么会变成没有自我意识的傀儡，以至于任何有可能让雷木灵魂出问题的事件都会严重刺激他的神经。
He still didn't know why Mu Mu had turned into a puppet with no self-consciousness in his previous life, so much so that any event that might cause problems for Lei Mu's soul would seriously irritate his nerves.
王叶在僻静处打开因果卷，当着雷木的面用左手写了一张小纸条，点击因果卷上那名年轻魔法师的头像，施展因果奇术【投桃报李】。
Wang Ye opened the cause and effect scroll in a secluded place, wrote a small note with his left hand in front of Lei Mu, clicked on the portrait of the young magician on the cause and effect scroll, and performed the cause and effect thaumaturgy [Casting a peach for a plum].
年轻魔法师之前指点了他两句，算是和他结下友善因果。
The young magician had instructed him twice before, which was regarded as a friendly cause and effect with him.
【投桃报李】就是一个传送术，可以把物品甚至是活物传送到因果者身边。
[Returning the Peach] is a teleportation technique that can teleport items and even living creatures to the causal person.
是他达到十五级后新开启的两个技能之一。 It is one of the two new skills that he unlocks after reaching level fifteen.
这个技能非常好用，比传送阵还方便，最重要的是省钱啊！
This skill is very useful, more convenient than the teleportation array, and the most important thing is to save money!
以后他和木木再分开，只要能量足够，他甚至可以把自己直接传送到雷木面前。
In the future, he and Mu Mu will be separated again, as long as the energy is enough, he can even teleport himself directly to Lei Mu.
他拼命升级就是为了能打开因果技能树上的这些技能。 He was desperately leveling up so that he could open these skills in the causal skill tree.
等升到六十级，他还能点亮复活技能【生死轮回】。上辈子这个复活技能可以复活玩家，就不知道这辈子能不能复活他自己和其他非玩家的人。
When he reaches level 60, he can also light up the resurrection skill [Cycle of Life and Death]. In the previous life, this resurrection skill could resurrect the player, so I don't know if he can resurrect himself and other non-players in this life.
如果能…… If you can......
王叶深吸气，现在他才十五级，暂时就不去想六十级的技能了。
Wang Ye took a deep breath, now that he was only level fifteen, he didn't think about level sixty skills for the time being.
副本？ Copy?
玩家进副本就是为了学技能和找资源，他都已经有了因果奇术，副本对于他来说也就不那么重要了。
The player enters the dungeon to learn skills and find resources, and he already has causal thaumaturgy, so the dungeon is not so important to him.
当然，以后升级太慢的话，他还是会进副本。 Of course, if the upgrade is too slow in the future, he will still enter the dungeon.
“这是你的异术之一？”雷木看不到因果卷，但看到王叶的手掌发出能量之光，之后小纸条就突然消失。
"This is one of your magicalities?" Lei Mu couldn't see the cause and effect scroll, but he saw Wang Ye's palm emitting energy light, and then the small note suddenly disappeared.
“是啊，随着我能力提升，我的异术技能树也新出现了一些技能，这种类似传送术，不错吧？”王叶洋洋得意。
"yes, as my abilities have improved, some new skills have appeared in my magic skill tree, which is similar to teleportation, isn't it?" Wang Ye was proud.
雷木想到小纸条上写的内容，笑道：“这个技能是很好，可以最大程度避免暴露身份。”
Lei Mu thought of what was written on the small note and said with a smile: "This skill is very good, it can avoid revealing his identity to the greatest extent." ”
“可惜这个技能的使用对象，必须是和我产生一定关系的人。”
"It's a pity that the object of use of this skill must be someone who has a certain relationship with me."
“这样也很不错了，别太贪心了。” "That's pretty good, don't be too greedy."
“也是。”王叶对自己的因果之力也很满意，虽然也有不小的限制，但总体来说还是很好用的。
"Yes." Wang Ye is also very satisfied with his causal power, although there are also many restrictions, but overall it is still very useful.
另一头，年轻魔法师忽然感到自己腿上像是出现了什么东西，他低头一看，就看到他的大腿上出现了一张小纸条。
On the other end, the young magician suddenly felt as if something appeared on his leg, and when he looked down, he saw a small note appear on his thigh.
纸张就是最普通的白纸，还像是临时撕下来的一小块。 The paper is just the most ordinary white paper, and it looks like a small piece of temporary tearing off.
年轻魔法师不动声色地施展了一个小法术，把纸条转移到那本记载报名者资质的魔法书里，打开细看。
The young magician quietly cast a small spell, transferred the note to the magic book that recorded the applicant's qualifications, and opened it to read it carefully.
就见纸条上写了一行歪歪扭扭奇丑无比的字。 I saw a line of crooked and ugly words written on the note.
重点是内容：小子，有黑同行来偷菜了。 The point is the content: Boy, a black peer has come to steal vegetables.
这内容换了一般人可能还看不太懂，但作为招生负责人的年轻魔法师一看就明白了。
This content may not be easy to understand by ordinary people, but the young magician, who is the head of admissions, understands it at a glance.
这是有人在告诉他，有黑暗系魔法师跑到他们这儿来找好苗子了。
Someone was telling him that a dark mage had come to them looking for a good seedling.
而这种偷菜行为，让正规的魔法学校和魔法师们深恶痛绝！
And this kind of stealing of vegetables makes the regular magic schools and magicians hate!
想想看，他们学校用好不容易积累出来的名望才能每年召集那么多资质优异的学生来主动报名，可是他们还没有把这些小苗苗收进自己的田地里，更还没有做挑拣，就有人过来把最好的几颗小菜苗给偷偷拔走了。
Think about it, their school can use the fame they have accumulated so hard to gather so many highly qualified students to take the initiative to sign up every year, but they haven't collected these small seedlings into their fields, let alone made picks, someone came and secretly pulled out the best few small vegetable seedlings.
换了你，你能忍？ If you are replaced, can you bear it?
不过年轻魔法师很明白这种来偷菜的黑同行通常都是很厉害的大佬，他一个才初级的魔法师，想要找出这些可恶的家伙并赶走他们就是做梦。
However, the young magician knew very well that this kind of black colleague who came to steal vegetables was usually a very powerful boss, and he was a junior magician, and it was a dream to find these hateful creatures and drive them away.
但他不是一个人，他是有后台的！ But he's not alone, he has a backstage!
年轻魔法师立刻让另外一个人接手他的工作，走到一边就给上面传讯。
The young magician immediately asked another man to take over his work, and when he stepped aside, he summoned the higher-ups.
他不认为那张纸条上写的是假消息，能神不知鬼不觉把纸条传递到他身上的人至少也是初级魔法师，而纸条上用的口吻更像是一个老前辈。
He didn't think that the note was fake, and the person who could pass the note to him without knowing it was at least a junior magician, and the tone used on the note was more like that of an old-timer.
年轻魔法师怀疑可能有一位玩世不恭的大佬发现有黑魔法师在搞鬼，但他不愿意得罪那些黑同行，又对这种偷菜行为看不过眼，更可能是不想一些好苗子就那么被废掉或者走错道，就选择通知他，让他们学校出手。
The young magician suspects that there may be a cynical boss who finds out that a black magician is playing tricks, but he doesn't want to offend those black peers, and he can't look at this kind of stealing vegetables, and it is more likely that he doesn't want some good seedlings to be abolished or go the wrong way, so he chooses to notify him and let their school take action.
毕竟偷菜这事也确实算得上是他们学校的事。 After all, stealing vegetables is indeed their school's business.
学校大佬一听有黑同行来偷菜，大怒，说马上就过来，让他不要把消息泄露。
When the school boss heard that a black colleague was coming to steal vegetables, he was furious and said that he would come over immediately and ask him not to leak the news.
年轻魔法师当然不会泄露消息，他就像什么事也没发生一样，又回到桌子前，继续报名工作。
The young magician, of course, would not leak the news, and as if nothing had happened, he returned to his desk and continued to sign up.
学校大佬们来得很快，来了后，就开始大张旗鼓地撒网捕鱼，派出大量人手寻找黑同行踪迹。
The school bosses came quickly, and after they came, they began to cast nets and fish with great fanfare, sending a large number of people to find the traces of their black peers.
找到就打死，没有二话。 If you find it, you will be killed, and there is no second word.
就算找不到，也要吓走他们。 Even if you can't find it, scare them away.
结果这一找，竟然真的找出若干有问题的魔法师和异术师。
As a result, this search actually found a number of problematic magicians and magicians.
不过这些人贼溜得很，发现情况不对就跑了。 However, these thieves slipped away and ran away when they realized that the situation was not right.
学校大佬听说发现黑魔法阵残留，亲自过来查看，来了一个没看懂，又叫来了俩。
The school boss heard that he had found the remnants of the black magic array, so he came to check it in person, and one didn't understand, so he called two more.
等精通魔法阵的一位大佬推断这魔法阵很可能是转魂魔法阵后，报名点乃至整个沼泽森林入口城的氛围就变了。
After a big man who was proficient in the magic array deduced that this magic array was likely to be a soul transformation magic array, the atmosphere at the registration point and even the entire swamp forest entrance city changed.
如果说来偷菜的黑同行让魔法学校的魔法师们深恶痛绝，那么这种搞转魂的黑魔法师则是让整个魔法界异术界乃至整个双月星都深深忌惮。
If the black colleague who came to steal vegetables made the magicians of the magic school hate, then this kind of black magician who turned the soul made the entire magic world and even the entire Shuangyue Star deeply feared.
谁不害怕自己或者亲人或者优秀后辈被人夺舍，灵魂变成他人？
Who is not afraid that they or their relatives or outstanding descendants will be taken away and their souls will become others?
如果是特殊情况还好说，比如原本那个被夺舍的人就已经死亡，或者出生就已经是那个灵魂，那大家也好接受一点，可如果是生人夺舍，强自转换灵魂，在不知道的情况下，那不就相当于把杀人凶手当爱人和亲人一样对待？
If it's a special circumstance, it's okay to say, for example, the person who was taken away has already died, or was born with that soul, then everyone can accept it, but if it is a living person who takes away and forcibly converts his soul, without knowing it, isn't it equivalent to treating the murderer as a lover and a relative?
这谁能接受？ Who can accept this?
报名点变得风声鹤唳，大家都在互相询问发生了什么事。
The registration point became noisy, and everyone was asking each other what was going on.
心里清楚原因的人忍不住痛骂某些黑同行，你们偷菜也小心一点啊，害得他们也被连累，不但不能再对其他人进行夺舍，还惊动了那些学校大佬。
People who know the reason in their hearts can't help but scold some black peers, you should be careful when stealing vegetables, they are also implicated, not only can they no longer take away others, but also alarmed those school bosses.
尤其转魂魔法阵被发现，之后陨星魔法学校的入学考试肯定会加大对灵魂的检测。
Especially when the Soul Turning Magic Array is discovered, the entrance exam of the Falling Star Magic School will definitely increase the detection of souls.
就算他们对自己的能力极有自信，并确保灵魂和身体融合得几近完美，一般人绝对检查不出来，但他们的灵魂和身体到底不是原配，就是他们中最厉害的那位也不敢打包票说百分百不会被检查出来。
Even if they are extremely confident in their abilities and ensure that their soul and body are fused almost perfectly, ordinary people will never be able to check it, but their soul and body are not the original match, and even the most powerful of them will not dare to say that they will not be checked out 100%.
夺舍者虽然惊气交加，但因为魔法学校大张旗鼓找偷菜者的行为，让他们完全没有怀疑到有人告密上，他们只以为是偷菜者不谨慎被陨星魔法学校发现，顺带连累了他们。
Although the snatchers were shocked, because of the magic school's fanfare to find the vegetable thief, they did not suspect that someone was informing, they only thought that the vegetable thief was accidentally discovered by the Falling Star Magic School, which caused them to be affected by the way.
之前和王叶接触过的小少年自然也没有怀疑到王叶头上。
The little boy who had been in contact with Wang Ye before naturally did not suspect Wang Ye.
好吧，这位夺舍大佬压根就没把王小叶放在眼里，一个看起来十岁不到的孩子，就算精神力稍微强点，又能怎样？
Well, this big man didn't take Wang Xiaoye in his eyes at all, a child who looks less than ten years old, even if his mental power is a little stronger, what can he do?
别说看出有人夺舍，恐怕他连夺舍是什么意思都不知道吧。
而王叶和雷木此时已经通过传送阵来到了陨星城。
王叶怀里还抱着一只小奶狗。 Wang Ye was still holding a small milk dog in his arms.
小奶狗才巴掌大，一看就出生没几天，大约是不太适应传送阵，蔫蔫的，没什么精神。
The little milk dog is only the size of a palm, and it has only been born for a few days at first glance, and it is probably not very suitable for the teleportation array, wilted, and has no energy.
“疾风狼幼崽？”传送阵看守人眼力不错，一眼就看出这不是普通小狗。
"Wind wolf cubs?" The teleportation array keeper has good eyesight, and he can tell at a glance that this is not an ordinary puppy.
雷木接话：“是啊，我弟看到这小家伙时，小家伙被那些佣兵养得只剩下一口气，看着着实可怜，加上价格也不贵，就买下来了。”
Lei Mu answered: "Yes, when my brother saw this little guy, the little guy was raised by those mercenaries to the point that he only had one breath left, and it looked really pitiful, and the price was not expensive, so he bought it." ”
传送阵看守人也能理解，小孩子嘛，就喜欢这种小崽子，哪怕是低等级的魔兽幼崽也愿意养。
The caretaker of the teleportation array can also understand, children, they like this kind of cub, even low-level monster cubs are willing to raise them.
看守人瞅瞅王小叶，心想这小孩看着有些桀骜不驯不好调教的样子，没想到会是个心软的。嗯，是个好孩子。
The caretaker looked at Wang Xiaoye, thinking that this kid looked a little unruly and unruly, but he didn't expect it to be a soft-hearted person. Well, a good boy.
“你们是报考陨星魔法学校的学生吧？学校考试是随到随考，每天最多接受两百人考试。今天和明天的名额应该已经满了，你们现在赶到学校，应该能排上后天的。”
"You're a student at the Falling Star School of Magic, aren't you? School exams are on-the-go and can be tested by up to 200 people per day. The places for today and tomorrow should be full, and if you rush to school now, you should be able to get to the school the day after tomorrow. ”
看守人又好心地指点：“传送阵站台外面有学校专门来接学生的马车，拿着木牌的学生可以免费乘坐。不要去坐那些豪华的贵族车辆，尤其说包吃住还给钱的，除非你们实在没钱，想现在就投靠某些贵族。”
The caretaker kindly pointed out again: "There is a carriage outside the platform of the teleportation array that the school has come to pick up students, and students with wooden signs can ride for free. Don't go to those luxurious aristocratic cars, especially those who pay for food and lodging, unless you really don't have any money and want to take refuge with some nobles now. ”
雷木道谢，送了看守人一包他从地球带来的小饼干，这才带着王叶离开传送阵。
Lei Mu thanked him and gave the caretaker a pack of small cookies he had brought from the earth, and then left the teleportation array with Wang Ye.
看守人看就一包普通小饼干，就没拒绝。打开布袋，捏出一块塞进嘴里，才意外地发现饼干奶香充足酥脆可口，竟十分好吃。
The caretaker looked at a pack of ordinary biscuits and didn't refuse. I opened the cloth bag, pinched out a piece and stuffed it into my mouth, only to find that the biscuit was milky and crispy, and it was very delicious.
看守人笑眯眯，今天运气不错，因为偷菜事件，他被临时调派过来，没想到会吃到这么好吃的饼干。
The caretaker smiled, he was lucky today, because of the vegetable stealing incident, he was temporarily dispatched, and he didn't expect to eat such delicious biscuits.
那对兄弟看着资质不错，以后应该会成为学校的学生，这样也方便他以后再找他们买饼干。
The pair of brothers seemed to have good qualifications, and they should become students in the school in the future, so that it would be convenient for him to buy cookies from them in the future.
王叶多出了一份传送阵费用，正肉疼。 Wang Ye had an extra teleportation array fee, and his flesh was hurting.
他没把小奶狗放虫巢里面，就是为了给小奶狗一个可以查到的来历，更不想暴露他的虫巢空间可以放活物这个秘密。
He didn't put the little milk dog in the hive, just to give the little milk dog a source that could be checked, and he didn't want to expose the secret that his hive space could be used to put living creatures.
离开传送阵范围后，王叶就恶形恶相地要求小奶狗以后一定要还他钱，还要付他一笔丰厚报酬。
After leaving the range of the teleportation array, Wang Ye viciously demanded that the little milk dog must pay him back in the future, and also pay him a good reward.
“唔……”小奶狗也是被夺舍的小少年耿明很是伤心，谁原本是人，突然间就换了一具身体变成了魔兽幼崽，大概都无法开心得起来吧？
"Hmm......" The little milk dog is also a little boy who was taken away, Geng Ming is very sad, who was originally a human, and suddenly changed his body and became a monster cub, probably can't be happy, right?
尤其他在变成魔兽幼崽之前，先到了一个行将就木的老头子身上，然后不到几分钟，老头竟然就嗝屁了。
Especially before he turned into a monster cub, he first got to an old man who was about to die, and then within a few minutes, the old man actually burped.
他的灵魂从那具死亡身体里飘出，差点就要溃散。 His soul floated out of the dead body, nearly collapsing.
就在这千钧一发之际，这两人及时赶到救了他。 At this critical moment, the two men arrived in time to save him.
耿明不知道他们用了什么手段，但一定很了不起。 Geng Ming didn't know what means they used, but they must have been remarkable.
不过耿明现在顾及不了这么多，他非常非常伤心，他想去找他姐，但雷木和王叶都跟他说，现在他不适合去找他姐，如果他冒然去找，不但会害死他自己，也会害死他姐姐，最后还会连累救了他的雷木和王叶。
However, Geng Ming can't take care of so much now, he is very, very sad, he wants to go to his sister, but Lei Mu and Wang Ye both told him that it is not suitable for him to go to his sister now, if he dares to find it, he will not only kill himself, but also kill his sister, and in the end, Lei Mu and Wang Ye will save him.
呜呜，虽然这个王小叶逼他用爪子在一个委托救命的契约上按了爪印，还一个劲要他还钱给报酬，但他还是很感激这对兄弟。
Woo, although this Wang Xiaoye forced him to press his paw prints with his claws on a contract entrusted with life, and insisted that he pay him back the money, he was still very grateful to the two brothers.
如果没有他们，他就死定了。他姐也不知道她亲爱的、她从小欺负到大的亲弟弟被人夺取了身体，灵魂差点就散了，呜呜！
Without them, he would be dead. His sister didn't know that her dear, her own brother who had been bullied since she was a child was robbed of her body, and her soul was almost scattered, woo!
雷木看王小叶抱着小奶狗嘀嘀咕咕，而小奶狗软哒哒地趴在王小叶胳膊上，一副什么都没听进去的伤心模样，就想笑。
Lei Mu saw Wang Xiaoye holding the little milk dog and muttering, and the little milk dog was lying on Wang Xiaoye's arm softly, looking sad that he hadn't heard anything, so he wanted to laugh.
之前，王叶也不知凭借什么方法竟然找到了小少年耿明，那时耿明的灵魂已经被转移到一个有出气没进气的老头身上。
Before, Wang Ye didn't know how to find the little boy Geng Ming, and at that time, Geng Ming's soul had been transferred to an old man who had no breath in and out.
但老头身边有人守着，两人不好露面，就一直等着。 But there were people guarding the old man, and the two of them didn't show up, so they waited.
不过没等多久，那老头就咽下了最后一口气。 But it didn't take long for the old man to take his last breath.
耿明的灵魂自然飘出，他的灵魂已经有所损伤，守在一边的亡灵魔法师看不上这条弱小的灵魂，可能也看出这条灵魂很快就会溃散，就没费力气打散。
Geng Ming's soul naturally floated out, his soul had already been damaged, and the necromancer who was guarding the side couldn't look down on this weak soul, and probably saw that this soul would soon collapse, so he didn't bother to disperse it.
耿明的灵魂飘飘荡荡，就这么飘出屋外，眼看就快溃散。
Geng Ming's soul fluttered, just floating out of the house, and it was about to collapse.
雷木看到了他的灵魂之光，用了封印把他的灵魂封印起来，避免他立马溃散。
Remu saw the light of his soul and sealed his soul with a seal to prevent him from collapsing immediately.
王叶跟贝贝求了点养魂液。贝贝被无垢花和虫蜜制成的药液贿赂成功，虽然只给出了一点点，可能都不到半毫升，但也足够用了。
Wang Ye asked Bei Bei for some soul nourishing liquid. Bei Bei was bribed successfully by the liquid made of innocent flowers and insect nectar, although only a little bit was given, maybe less than half a milliliter, but it was enough.
王叶这个小气的，还稀释又稀释，他舍不得把养魂液都用在养护耿明的灵魂上，就跑到市集，买了好些刚刚死亡的魔兽，最后挑选出一只可能刚刚死亡的疾风狼幼崽尸体，让雷木把耿明的灵魂强行塞入了这具尸体中。
Wang Ye was stingy, and he was diluted and diluted, he was reluctant to use all the soul nourishing liquid to maintain Geng Ming's soul, so he went to the market, bought a number of demonic beasts that had just died, and finally selected the corpse of a wind wolf cub that might have just died, and asked Lei Mu to forcibly stuff Geng Ming's soul into this corpse.
雷木自己都不知道他还能操纵他人灵魂，但小叶子硬说他行，他就试了试。
Lei Mu himself didn't know that he could manipulate other people's souls, but Xiao Yezi insisted that he could do it, so he gave it a try.
没想到他真的行，他似乎本能地就知道如何操纵灵魂来侵占他人身体？不过目前他好像只能把灵魂塞入死者身体中。
I didn't expect him to really do it, he seemed to instinctively know how to manipulate souls to invade other people's bodies? But for now, it seems that he can only stuff his soul into the body of the dead.
大概这也是属于魔种的能力。 Presumably, this is also an ability that belongs to the demon seed.
雷木猜测小叶子以前应该见过魔种，并知道魔种的种种能力。
Lei Mu guessed that Xiao Yezi should have seen the demon seed before and knew the various abilities of the demon seed.
王叶任由雷木猜测，他在雷木面前暴露得太多，连遮掩都懒得遮掩，他的宗旨就是：雷木不问，他就不解释，让木木自己脑补。
Wang Ye let Lei Mu guess, he exposed too much in front of Lei Mu, and he didn't even bother to cover it up, his purpose was: Lei Mu didn't ask, he didn't explain, let Mu Mu make up for it himself.
就像他的师父说，木木大概早就囤积了一千个问题要问他，但一直没问。他就假装不知道。
Just like his master said, Mu Mu had probably hoarded a thousand questions to ask him, but he never asked. He pretended not to know.
第108章 肯定抢着要我 Chapter 108: Definitely rushing to get me
传送阵站外要比魔法列车站外安静得多，没有人大声喧嚷，也没有人大声招呼，但人并不少。
Outside the teleportation array station was much quieter than outside the magic train station, no one shouted loudly, and no one shouted hello, but there were not many people.
这里是一个相当大的广场，广场上停放着各种车辆，有些还是魔兽拉车。
It's a pretty big square, and there are all kinds of vehicles parked in the square, some of which are still Monster carts.
王叶和雷木在车站外找到学校的接送车，就走了过去。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu found the school's shuttle bus outside the station and walked over.
家境好的学生自然有自家车辆接送，或者已经安排好更好的车子。
Students from well-off families naturally have their own vehicles to pick them up, or they have arranged a better car.
不过经由初步筛选一事，绝大多数的学生都选择了乘坐学校的车，而不是坐自家的车。
However, after the initial screening, the vast majority of students chose to take the school bus instead of their own car.
也有家人不放心，又有一定财产的，就付了高昂的传送阵费用，跟着自家孩子一起过来了，这会儿他们也需要另外寻找车辆，跟上学校的车子一起去学校报考点。
There are also family members who are not at ease, and they have a certain amount of property, so they pay a high teleportation array fee and come with their children, and they also need to find another vehicle at this time, and go to the school registration center with the school car.
乘车前，王叶还特意看了一番周围停放的车辆，那些车辆绝大多数都有显目的家徽，车辆门口都会站着貌似管事的人。
Before taking the car, Wang Ye also deliberately took a look at the surrounding parked vehicles, most of those vehicles had conspicuous family emblems, and there would be people who seemed to be in charge standing at the door of the vehicles.
这些管事大多观察力强，慧眼如炬，他们负责在此为各自主家挑选未来之才。
Most of these stewards are observant and discerning, and they are responsible for selecting the talents of the future for each family.
如果有看中的，他们会立刻出击，主动上前与看中的人攀谈，提出种种优厚条件。
If there is a fancy one, they will immediately attack, take the initiative to talk to the person they like, and put forward all kinds of favorable conditions.
只要有一人上前，其他人就会止步，直到那人没谈拢，其他人才会再次上前试探。
As soon as one person comes forward, the others will stop, and until the other person has not talked, the others will come forward again to test them.
大部分报名者对这种招揽都不太感兴趣，目光都不与那些人相对，有些好奇地看两眼，找到学校的车子就出示木牌上车了。
Most of the applicants were not very interested in this kind of solicitation, and their eyes were not opposite to those people, and they looked at them with some curiosity, and when they found the school's car, they showed their wooden signs and got on the bus.
但也有部分报名者因为种种原因，需要有人资助，这时候就会主动看向那些车辆和管事，寻找合适的资助者。
However, there are also some applicants who need someone to sponsor for various reasons, so they will take the initiative to look at those vehicles and stewards to find suitable funders.
有人打量雷木和王叶，王叶因为太小还长不大似的抱着一只小奶狗，大多数人都会忽略他。
Someone looked at Lei Mu and Wang Ye, Wang Ye was holding a small milk dog because he was too young and didn't grow up, and most people would ignore him.
但身姿挺拔酷帅沉稳的雷木却非常吸引人，任何有眼力的人一看雷木就知道这位不是池中之物，迟早一飞冲天。
But the tall, cool, handsome and calm Lei Mu is very attractive, and anyone with vision knows that this is not a thing in the pool when they see Lei Mu, and sooner or later they will soar into the sky.
当即就有人向雷木走来，想要招揽他。 Immediately, someone came to Lei Mu and wanted to recruit him.
但雷木一拉王叶，直接向学校车辆走去，那些想要招揽的贵族和各势力管事们只好暗自兴叹。
But as soon as Lei Mu pulled Wang Ye and walked directly to the school car, the nobles and the stewards of various forces who wanted to recruit had to sigh secretly.
车子外表看着不大，内部空间却不小，这是一辆施展了空间魔法的车辆。
The car doesn't look big on the outside, but the interior space is not small, this is a vehicle that has cast space magic.
车内三面都能坐人，中间可以放行李。目前车上已经有八名乘客，看到雷木和王叶进来，一起向他们行注目礼。
There are people on three sides of the car, and luggage can be placed in the middle. At present, there are already eight passengers on the car, and when they saw Lei Mu and Wang Ye coming in, they saluted them together.
雷木对这些人点点头，拉着王叶在靠边的位置坐下。 Lei Mu nodded to these people and pulled Wang Ye to sit down on the side.
看到两人没有繁重的行李，身上连个背包都没有，有眼力的人已经猜出这两人身上必定有空间储物工具。
Seeing that the two of them didn't have heavy luggage and didn't even have a backpack on them, people with discerning eyes had already guessed that there must be space for these two people to store tools.
而有空间储物工具的人，家境绝对不会差。 And those who have space storage tools will definitely not have a bad family background.
有了这种推测后，不少人都对雷木和王叶露出了友善的笑容。
After having this speculation, many people showed friendly smiles to Lei Mu and Wang Ye.
雷木也回以淡淡微笑。 Reimu smiled back faintly.
王叶忽然打了个呵欠，抱着小奶狗往雷木怀里一倒：“哥，我好困。”
Wang Ye suddenly yawned, hugged the little milk dog and fell into Lei Mu's arms: "Brother, I'm so sleepy." ”
雷木摸摸小孩的脑袋，搂住他：“睡吧，等到了我叫你。”
Lei Mu touched the child's head and hugged him: "Sleep, wait until I call you." ”
“嗯。”王叶真的就靠在雷木怀里睡着了。 "Hmm." Wang Ye really fell asleep in Lei Mu's arms.
小奶狗精神也不太好，跟着闭上眼睛打起小呼噜。 The little milk dog was not in good spirits, so he closed his eyes and snored.
有想上前和雷木攀谈的，见小孩睡着，也不好再开口。 Some people want to come forward to talk to Lei Mu, but when they see that the child is asleep, it is difficult to speak again.
又等了一会儿，等到车内坐满二十人后，车辆就出发了。
After waiting for a while, when the car was full of twenty people, the car departed.
车内绝大多数人都在闭目养神，也有少数攀谈的，不过热情度都不高，因为这只是报名成功，还有一关入学考试还没过呢。
The vast majority of people in the car are closing their eyes and resting, and there are a few who are talking, but the enthusiasm is not high, because this is only a successful registration, and there is still an entrance exam that has not yet passed.
消息灵通的人都知道陨星魔法学校每年来报考的人，数量不下万，多的时候能有两三万人，但最后能留下的只有一千左右。
Well-informed people know that there are no less than 10,000 people who come to apply for the Falling Star School every year, and sometimes there can be 20,000 or 30,000 people, but in the end, only about 1,000 people can stay.
今年在沼泽森林入口处就先刷下了一批，但剩下的人也不下于六七千。
This year, a batch was brushed at the entrance of the swampy forest, but the rest of the people were no less than six or seven thousand.
如果还按照往年的录取率来计算，那就是六七个人中才会录取一人。
If you also calculate according to the acceptance rate of previous years, it is only one out of six or seven people who will be admitted.
换言之，这车内二十个报名者，除非都非常优异，否则最后能通过考试的还不知道有几个，现在就结交，未免太早。
In other words, unless the twenty applicants in this car are all excellent, I don't know how many of them can pass the exam in the end, so it's too early to make friends now.
车子有窗，雷木就侧头看向窗外。 The car had a window, and Lei Mu looked sideways out of the window.
车辆行驶在路中心，经过的街道大多干净整洁，路上行人很多，身穿魔法师衣袍和武者服的人变得随处可见。
The vehicle drove in the center of the road, and most of the streets passed through were clean and tidy, and there were many pedestrians on the road, and people wearing mage robes and warrior costumes became ubiquitous.
从上空往下看，陨星城是一座非常巨大的城市，占地面积不亚于一个小国家，其整体围绕陨星魔法学校而建，外形就像是一个巨大的月牙。
Looking down from above, Meteorite City is a very large city, covering an area no less than a small country, and its whole body is built around the Meteorite School of Magic, which looks like a giant crescent moon.
月牙的凹口与魔法学校部分相嵌，形成抱珠之势。 The notch of the crescent moon is partially embedded with the magic school, forming a momentum of holding beads.
“砰！”车辆像是遭到了猛烈撞击，突然横飞了出去。 "Bang!" The vehicle suddenly flew sideways as if it had been violently impacted.
车中少年孩童好多发出不由自主的惊叫。 Many of the children in the car let out involuntary screams.
车辆摔到地上，车厢碎裂，车中人被震得掉落出来。 The vehicle fell to the ground, the carriage shattered, and the occupants of the car were shaken out of the way.
雷木在车辆遭到撞击时就紧紧抱住王叶，车辆落地，两人身上能量环绕，都没受伤。
Lei Mu hugged Wang Ye tightly when the vehicle was hit, and the vehicle fell to the ground, and the two of them were surrounded by energy, and they were not injured.
雷木抱着王叶从车里跳出。 Lei Mu jumped out of the car with Wang Ye in his arms.
小奶狗耿明吓得睁大眼睛看着周围，他怎么这么倒霉，刚遇事又遇事。
The little milk dog Geng Ming looked around with wide eyes in fright, why was he so unlucky, he had just encountered an accident and an accident.
“发生了什么事？” "What happened?"
“我们遭到攻击了吗？这是什么地方？” "Have we been attacked? What is this place? ”
“我们落到哪里了？驾车人呢？” "Where have we fallen? What about motorists? ”
从破损车辆爬出来的报名者们或惊慌、或沉稳地观察四周，并互相询问情况。
Applicants who climbed out of the wrecked vehicle were either panicked or calmly looking around and asking each other about the situation.
“救救我！”车厢里有人求救。 "Help me!" There was a call for help in the carriage.
有年龄不大的报名者被震伤，还有人倒霉得被大量行李箱给压到下面。
Some of the younger applicants were injured, and others were so unlucky that they were crushed under a large number of suitcases.
雷木和王叶听到求救声，和其他报名者一起过去救人。 Lei Mu and Wang Ye heard the cry for help and went over with the other applicants to save people.
有少年施展不成熟的魔法把车辆里面的行李转移出来。 A teenager casts an immature magic to move the luggage out of the vehicle.
也有人直接拿刀劈砍车辆，好扩大逃出口。 Some people directly slashed vehicles with knives in order to widen the escape exit.
王叶看救出的人中有人受伤，正要拿出他自制的药物，旁边忽然有人挤开他。
Wang Ye saw that some of the rescued people were injured, and he was about to take out his homemade medicine, when someone next to him suddenly squeezed him away.
“让让！让让！别碍事。小兄弟你没事吧？我叫巴勒吉如，我有药，我是药师学徒，我父亲是高级药师，我带的药都是我父亲炼制的，效果特别好，给你用。”那少年特别热情地对受伤者分发他带来的药物。
"Let's Jean! Let's Jean! Get out of the way. Little brother, are you alright? My name is Baljiru, I have medicine, I am an apprentice pharmacist, my father is a senior pharmacist, and the medicine I bring is refined by my father, and the effect is very good, so I can use it for you. "The boy was particularly enthusiastic in handing out the medicine he had brought to the wounded.
受伤的人全都向他道谢。 All the wounded thanked him.
巴勒吉如不但给大家分发药物，还帮他们裹伤和治疗，看他的手法确实相当熟练。
Baljiru not only distributed medicine to everyone, but also helped them to bind and treat their wounds, and it was seen that his skills were indeed quite skillful.
王叶见有人贡献，而且对方一副行家的模样，他就走到一边去了，那少年明显不希望有人来抢他的功劳。
Wang Ye saw that someone had contributed, and the other party looked like an expert, so he stepped aside, and the young man obviously didn't want anyone to rob him of his credit.
巴勒吉如顺势指挥起其他人，让他们把行李放到一旁，又检查车辆的损毁程度，还另外分派人手查探周围情况。
Balergilu took the opportunity to direct the others to put their luggage aside, inspect the damage to the vehicle, and send additional personnel to investigate the surroundings.
其他报名者有脾气不好或比较冷淡的，就没理睬巴勒吉如，只按照自己的意向行事。
The other applicants had a bad temper or were cold, so they ignored Ballegiru and only acted according to their own intentions.
巴勒吉如见此，只在心中冷笑，嘴上什么都没说。 Seeing this, Balerji only sneered in his heart and said nothing.
“找到驾车人了，他掉到这里了！”一名看起来十分阳光的少年发现了驾车人。
"Found the driver, he fell here!" A sunny-looking teenager spotted the driver.
巴勒吉如连忙跑过去查看。 Balerjiru hurriedly ran over to check.
驾车人是名中年人，他也受伤了，更糟糕的是他不知道受到什么样的攻击，竟然昏迷不醒。
The driver was a middle-aged man, he was also injured, and to make matters worse, he didn't know what kind of attack he had been subjected to, and he was unconscious.
巴勒吉如用了不少办法都没能把驾车人唤醒，只好先让他躺在一边。
Balergiru tried many tricks but failed to wake the driver, so he had to lie down on his side first.
“这里应该不是陨星城，我们好像落到野外了。”阳光少年观察四周，担忧地道。
"This shouldn't be Meteor City, we seem to have fallen into the wild." The sunny boy looked around, worried.
“魔法学校的车辆怎么会突然受到攻击？而且我们怎么会一下就跑到野外来了？”有少年不解。
"How could a magic school's vehicle suddenly be attacked? And how did we run away into the wilderness all at once? "Some teenagers are puzzled.
胆子较小、年龄也较小的孩童看家人不在身边，当即就有哭出来的，还有人大声呼喊父母或家人的名字。
Less timid and younger children cry when their families are not around, and some shout the names of their parents or family members.
“吼——！”远处突然传来野兽的吼叫声。 "Roaring ——!" Suddenly there was the roar of a beast in the distance.
少年和孩童们悚然一惊，下意识集中到一起。 The teenagers and children were startled and subconsciously gathered together.
“那是魔兽？” "That's Warcraft?"
“不知道。” "I don't know."
“我们要怎么回去陨星城？” "How are we going to get back to Meteor City?"
“不知道。” "I don't know."
“那我们要怎么联络上陨星魔法学校，会有人来救我们吗？”
"Then how are we going to contact the Meteorite School of Magic, will someone come to save us?"
“不知道。” "I don't know."
“你怎么什么都不知道！” "Why don't you know anything!"
问问题的少女急得要死，回答的少年也很郁闷，他确实不知道啊。
The girl who asked the question was so anxious that she died, and the boy who answered was also very depressed, he really didn't know.
“先对付野兽吧，小孩子站中间，能使用异术和魔法，或者有其他攻击力的，站在外围，大家围成一个圈。”巴勒吉如站出来指挥。
"Let's deal with the beasts first, children stand in the middle, can use magic and magic, or have other attack power, stand on the periphery, everyone is in a circle." Baljiru stepped forward to command.
阳光少年第一个响应：“对，我们现在先解决野兽的问题，听声音，它正在往我们这边来。等解决了这只野兽，我们再解决其他问题。”
The Sunshine Boy was the first to respond: "Yes, let's solve the problem of the beast first, listen to the sound, it is coming to us." Once we've got that out of the way, we'll fix the rest. ”
其他人闻言一起动了起来，就算有不合群的，这时也不会傻到单独走到一边。
The others moved together when they heard this, and even if there were people who didn't fit in, they wouldn't be stupid enough to step aside alone.
雷木和王叶帮着把那些受伤的人拉到最中间。 Lei Mu and Wang Ye helped pull the injured people to the middle.
一个大约七八岁的小女孩忽然抓住王叶的手，怎么都不肯松开。
A little girl about seven or eight years old suddenly grabbed Wang Ye's hand and refused to let go.
王叶翻了个白眼。这小丫头肯定是看周围人身高，只有他和她差不多，才会抓住他。
Wang Ye rolled his eyes. This little girl must look at the height of the people around her, and only if he is about the same as her, she will catch him.
王叶抓起小奶狗耿明，一把塞进小女孩的怀里：“给你，抱着。”
Wang Ye grabbed the little milk dog Geng Ming and stuffed it into the little girl's arms: "Here you go, hold it." ”
耿明和小女孩：“……” Geng Ming and the little girl: "......"
不过小奶狗小小软软的身体可能真的很能安慰小孩子，小女孩抱着小奶狗，看着确实放松了一些，但她一只手还是紧紧抓住王叶的衣角。
However, the little milk dog's small soft body may really comfort the child, the little girl held the little milk dog, and looked a little relaxed, but she still grabbed the corner of Wang Ye's clothes tightly with one hand.
王叶：“……”我看起来很像好人吗？ Wang Ye: "......" Do I look like a good person?
雷木巴不得王叶在中间待着，他已经站到最外围。 Lei Mu wished that Wang Ye was in the middle, he had already stood on the outermost side.
野兽来了，当它从丛林中走出来，就有少年叫道：“是丛林鬣狗！这种野兽出现一只就会出现一群，大家小心！”
When the beast came, and when it came out of the jungle, a boy cried out, "It's a jungle hyena!" If there is one of these beasts, a group will appear, so be careful! ”
那身形庞大的丛林鬣狗显然饿久了，看到这么多人类，竟然也不害怕，一声怪叫就扑了过来。
The huge jungle hyena was obviously hungry for a long time, and when he saw so many humans, he was not even afraid, and pounced on him with a strange scream.
“杀！”阳光少年第一个发动了攻击，他会魔法，只是不熟练。
"Kill!" The Sunshine Boy was the first to attack, he knew magic, but he wasn't skilled.
王叶更是早一步暗中发动【纠缠不休】，缠住了丛林鬣狗的腿。
Wang Ye secretly launched [Entanglement] one step earlier, entangled the legs of the jungle hyena.
雷木跃起，一刀把鬣狗的脑袋砍了下来。 Raimu jumped up and slashed off the hyena's head with a single sword.
其他少年：“……”你真的是来报考魔法学校，而不是报考武者学校的吗？
Other teenagers: "...... are you really here to apply for a magic school instead of a martial arts school?"
巴勒吉如记下了雷木这个人。这么强的攻击力，作为初期助手很不错了，也许可以试着招揽。
Baljiru wrote down the man of Remu. With such a strong attack power, it's good as an initial assistant, so maybe you can try to solicit it.
一只丛林鬣狗倒下，无数丛林鬣狗出现。 A jungle hyena falls, and countless jungle hyenas appear.
随着野兽低吼声，四只鬣狗从丛林里走了出来，分四个不同方向扑向这些少年和孩童。
With the beast's roar, four hyenas came out of the jungle and pounced on the teenagers and children in four different directions.
王叶再次施展纠缠不休，随着升到十五级，他的几个技能已经从单攻变成群攻，纠缠不休也是如此。
Wang Ye once again performed entanglement, and with his promotion to level fifteen, several of his skills had changed from single attacks to group attacks, and so did the entanglement.
只不过能量分散，不如集中对付一个有效。 It's just that the energy is scattered, and it is not as effective as concentrating on one.
但纠缠不休还是拖住了那四只鬣狗的脚步。 But the entanglement still held back the four hyenas.
雷木一刀一只，转眼就杀了俩。 Lei Mu stabbed one by one, and killed both of them in a blink of an eye.
其他人一看雷木这么猛，有人暗中庆幸，有人则担心鬣狗都给雷木杀了，他们没有表现的机会，连忙抢着出手。
When the others saw that Lei Mu was so fierce, some people were secretly happy, and some people were worried that the hyenas were killed by Lei Mu, so they had no chance to show it, so they hurriedly rushed to make a move.
巴勒吉如站在中圈，他倒是没有抢着出手攻击，他给自己的定位是药师和领导者，这种杀野兽的粗活当然用不着他出面。
Baljiru stood in the middle circle, he didn't rush to attack, he positioned himself as a medicine man and a leader, and of course he didn't need to come forward in this kind of rough work of killing beasts.
阳光少年似乎有些军事素养，他杀死剩下的一只鬣狗，立刻道：“情况不对，这是添油战术，这些鬣狗很可能有人指挥。”
The sunny boy seemed to have some military literacy, he killed the remaining hyena, and immediately said: "The situation is not right, this is a tactic to add oil, these hyenas are likely to be commanded." ”
一名少女眨眨眼，直接说破：“这是考验吧？” A young girl blinked and said directly: "This is a test, right?" ”
其他人默然，显然很多人都想到了。 Others were silent, and apparently many people thought of it.
有些没想到的，这时不禁呆了呆，尤其受伤的特别沮丧，他们这样是不是就算不合格了？
Some didn't expect it, but at this time I couldn't help but be stunned, especially the injured ones were particularly depressed, are they not qualified like this?
不管大家怎么想，第三波鬣狗又冲了出来，这次有十六只。
No matter what everyone thinks, a third wave of hyenas rushed out again, this time sixteen.
鬣狗数量增多，这二十名少年和孩童大多都没有对敌经验，看到这么多巨大鬣狗，首先心理上就怂了，有些本来还有些攻击力的也失去了准头。
The number of hyenas has increased, and most of these twenty teenagers and children have no experience in fighting enemies, and when they saw so many huge hyenas, they were first psychologically frightened, and some of them who still had some offensive power also lost their accuracy.
就算知道这是一场考验也一样。 Even if you know it's a test.
你知道是考验，但当野兽的血盆大口冲你而来，锋利牙齿咬中你的时候，你真的能忍住不闭上眼睛和不逃避，还能进行攻击？
You know it's a test, but when the beast's bloody jaw comes at you and its sharp teeth bite you, can you really resist not closing your eyes and not running away, and still attack?
雷木成了杀野兽的主担当，阳光少年次之。 Lei Mu became the main person responsible for killing the beast, followed by the sunny boy.
其他人也各有表现，但如果没有雷木，这十六只鬣狗绝对能让这些少年和孩童们喝上一大壶。
The others had their own performances, but if it weren't for Thunderwood, the sixteen hyenas would have been able to make the teenagers and children drink a big pot.
雷木可以把这十六只不是魔兽的普通鬣狗一起杀死，但他也想到了这很可能是魔法学校的考验，就留了点手，也给了其他报名者表现的机会。
Lei Mu could kill these sixteen ordinary hyenas who were not magical beasts together, but he also thought that this was likely to be a test of the magic school, so he kept his hands and gave other applicants a chance to perform.
站在最中间的孩童都是年龄比较小的，王叶也在其中。 The children standing in the middle are all relatively young, and Wang Ye is also among them.
也不知道是不是王叶浑身都透露出“小爷啥都不怕”的气质，除了那个小女孩紧紧抓住他的衣角，还有一对小胖墩双胞胎也挤到了他身边。
I don't know if Wang Ye is full of revealing the temperament of "the little master is not afraid of anything", except for the little girl who grabbed the corner of his clothes tightly, and a pair of little chubby twins also squeezed to his side.
旁人不知道，看过去就是四只小鹌鹑紧紧挤到一起。 Unbeknownst to others, it was four small quails huddled together.
雷木抽空看向王叶，见他一脸嫌弃得不能再嫌弃的小表情，如果不是场合不对，他真的会笑出来。
Lei Mu took the time to look at Wang Ye, seeing that he couldn't dislike him anymore, if it wasn't for the wrong occasion, he would really laugh.
十六只鬣狗杀完，那驾车人呻吟一声醒了。 When the sixteen hyenas were finished, the driver woke up with a groan.
众少年和孩童也在心里松了口气，猜测他们大概已经过了一关。
The boys and children also breathed a sigh of relief, guessing that they had probably passed a level.
巴勒吉如一看驾车人醒来，立刻过去亲切问候他的伤势，问他哪里不舒服，最后才问到具体发生了什么事情。
As soon as Baljiru saw the driver wake up, he immediately went over to greet him cordially, asked him what was wrong, and finally asked what had happened.
“很抱歉，我也不知道是谁攻击了我们。接下来我恐怕没法再送你们去学校，但我知道学校的方向，我可以指引你们走回去。你们现在向着太阳的方向一直走，走上大约三四个小时，你们会看到一条河，想办法过河，过了河就是陨星城范围，到了那里，学校的人就能找到你们了。”驾车人虚弱地说道。
"I'm sorry, but I don't know who attacked us. I'm afraid I won't be able to take you to school again, but I know where it's going, and I can guide you back. Now you walk in the direction of the sun, for about three or four hours, and you will see a river, and you will find a way to cross the river, and after crossing the river, you will be within the boundaries of Meteor City, and when you get there, the people of the school will be able to find you. The driver said weakly.
巴勒吉如连忙问：“您这是打算留下来吗？” Baljiru hurriedly asked, "Are you planning to stay?" ”
驾车人点头：“我的伤势太重了，这边是无尽森林边缘，虽然是边缘地带，但也相当危险。带着我，你们逃出去的可能性就会降低不少，而且你们中也有伤者。等你们逃到对岸，再让学校的人来找我吧。”
The driver nodded: "My injuries are too serious, this is the edge of the endless forest, although it is the edge area, it is also quite dangerous. With me, you'll be much less likely to escape, and you'll be wounded. When you get to the other side, let the school people come to me. ”
“不行，您一个人留下来太危险了，我们不会把您一个人留在这里。您放心，我们会想办法把您一起救出去。”巴勒吉如坚定地道。
"No, it's too dangerous for you to stay alone, we won't leave you here alone. Rest assured, we will find a way to get you out together. Baljiru said firmly.
驾车人也不再坚持。 Motorists are no longer insisting.
小孩子比较耿直，当即就有人暗中撇嘴，受不了巴勒吉如如此作态。
The child is more upright, and immediately some people secretly pouted, and they couldn't stand Balerji's behavior like this.
这时几乎所有在场者都知道这就是学校的考验了。 At this time, almost everyone present knew that this was the test of the school.
学校包括那个驾车人九成也知道他们知道了，显然现在考的不是他们会不会放弃同伴，而是考验他们要如何解决种种困难，安全到达陨星城。
The school, including the driver, also knew that they knew, and obviously the test now was not whether they would give up their companions, but how they would solve all kinds of difficulties and reach Meteor City safely.
巴勒吉如和阳光少年积极地组织大家一起想办法。 Balerjiru and Sunshine Boy actively organized everyone to find a way together.
雷木走到王叶身边，没理会巴勒吉如的呼喊。 Lei Mu walked up to Wang Ye's side, ignoring Bal Jiru's shout.
巴勒吉如心里不爽，不过想到雷木的攻击力，觉得他不表现也好，到时候直接指派他做事就是。
Baljiru was unhappy in his heart, but thinking of Lei Mu's attack power, he felt that it would be good if he didn't perform, and he would be directly assigned to do things when the time came.
王叶好不容易才摆脱三个小鬼的爪子，不爽地对雷木道：“要我说这个学校还不够狠，换我就跟他们说，从现在开始，只留下最先到达的三人，之后到达陨星城的其他人全部剥夺考试资格。”
Wang Ye finally got rid of the claws of the three little ghosts, and said to Lei Mu unhappily: "If you want me to say that this school is not ruthless enough, I will tell them that from now on, only the first three people will be left, and all the others who will arrive in Meteorite City will be deprived of their qualifications for the exam." ”
“你是魔鬼！”小胖墩哥叫起来。 "You're the devil!" The little chubby dun brother shouted.
王叶抬手就敲了下小胖墩哥的脑袋：“叫什么叫。要我是考官，你这样的直接踢出去不要！”
Wang Ye raised his hand and knocked on the head of the little fat dun brother: "What is it called." If I were an examiner, don't kick it out like this! ”
“坏蛋！”小胖墩哥哼哼唧唧，却不肯离开这个四人小团伙。
"Badass!" The little fat dun brother hummed and chirped, but refused to leave this small gang of four.
小胖墩弟苦恼地道：“要走三四个小时啊，我怕我走不动。”
The little chubby dun brother said distressedly: "I have to walk for three or four hours, I'm afraid I won't be able to walk." ”
小胖墩哥仰头看对他们来说十分高大的雷木：“大哥哥，你能背我们走嘛，我们可以付钱。”
The little fat dun brother looked up at Lei Mu, who was very tall to them: "Big brother, can you carry us away, we can pay." ”
王叶怒：“滚蛋！我哥的背是我的，我哥的怀抱也是我的，你们这帮小崽子有多远滚多远！”
Wang Ye was angry: "Get out!" My brother's back is mine, and my brother's arms are also mine, how far you little cubs roll! ”
“别这么小气嘛。我们以后说不定都是同学，你哥就是我哥，我弟也可以给你当弟弟啊。”小胖墩哥非常豪气地把自己的弟弟推出来。
"Don't be so stingy. We may all be classmates in the future, your brother is my brother, and my brother can also be your brother. "Brother Chubby Dun pushed his younger brother out very arrogantly.
小胖墩弟瞅瞅王叶难看的脸，转头就抱住雷木大腿，甜甜蜜蜜地叫：“哥，亲哥！”
The little chubby dun brother looked at Wang Ye's ugly face, turned his head and hugged Lei Mu's thigh, and called sweetly: "Brother, brother!" ”
雷木：“……” Raimi: "......"
抱着小奶狗耿明的小女孩左看看又看看，把小奶狗毫不犹豫地塞回给王叶，也上前一把抱住雷木，怯怯地叫：“哥哥。”
The little girl holding the little milk dog Geng Ming looked left and right, stuffed the little milk dog back to Wang Ye without hesitation, and also stepped forward to hug Lei Mu, and called timidly: "Brother." ”
王叶顿时觉得这个考试无聊极了，一想到他接下来还要被这帮小鬼缠上大半天，尤其他们还胆大包天想要抢夺他的木木，他就特别想要搞破坏。
Wang Ye suddenly felt that this exam was extremely boring, and when he thought that he would be entangled by these little ghosts for most of the day next, especially when they had the audacity to snatch his Mu Mu, he especially wanted to destroy it.
雷木一看小叶子的眼神就觉得不妙，但……来不及了。 Lei Mu felt bad when he saw Xiao Yezi's eyes, but ...... It's too late.
“木木，闭气。” "Mumu, hold your breath."
王叶手一挥，三个小崽子咕咚一下全部倒在地上。 With a wave of Wang Ye's hand, the three little cubs all fell to the ground with a clatter.
小奶狗耿明：“……”好、好凶残！ Little milk dog Geng Ming: "......" is good, so cruel!
王叶又满眼凶光地看向那边还在商量如何运送伤者的少年少女们。
Wang Ye looked at the young men and girls over there who were still discussing how to transport the injured with fierce eyes.
“木木，帮我打昏他们。” "Mumu, help me knock them out."
雷木：“如果这真的是学校考验……” Raimu: "If this is really a school test......"
王叶气咻咻地道：“管他呢，大不了换个学校。被所有人都看出来的考验叫什么考验？这么低劣幼稚的考验也敢拿出来现，也就骗骗小孩子，水平太低了！”
Wang Ye said angrily: "Whatever, it's a big deal to change schools." What is the test that is seen by all people? Dare to show such a shoddy and naïve test, and deceive children, the level is too low! ”
雷木无奈地看着面前的小孩子。 Reimu looked helplessly at the little child in front of him.
“你把他们都打昏以后呢？”雷木问。 "What about after you knocked them all unconscious?" Raimu asked.
王叶：“当然是丢下不管。反正肯定有学校的人跟着，他们总不能看着这些报名者被野兽咬死。”
Wang Ye: "Of course, I left it alone. Anyway, there must be people from the school following, and they can't watch these applicants get bitten to death by wild beasts. ”
雷木这个天下第一帮凶竟然点点头：“行吧。我等会儿看看那车子还能不能修，如果能修，就带他们一起上路，不能就丢下吧。”
Lei Mu, the world's number one accomplice, actually nodded: "Okay." I'll see if the car can be repaired, and if it can be repaired, I'll take them on the road with me, and if I can't, I'll leave it behind. ”
王叶满意了，他家木木果然还是最在意他。 Wang Ye was satisfied, his family Mumu really cared about him the most.
那边的少男少女们并不知道他们的命运已经被决定，巴勒吉如和阳光少年鹏翼经过激烈的争执后，决定拆掉剩下的车辆，再砍伐一些树木，做成担架，让年龄大的少年担着受伤的人走。
Unbeknownst to the boys and girls over there, their fate had been decided, and after a heated argument between Balerjiru and Sunshine Boy Pengyi, they decided to dismantle the remaining vehicles, cut down some trees, and make stretchers, so that the older boys could carry the injured people away.
为了谁来抬担架，众少年又暗中较劲一番，最后决定抽签。
For who would carry the stretcher, the teenagers secretly competed again, and finally decided to draw lots.
就是在这时候，王小叶溜溜达达地走过来了。 It was at this time that Wang Xiaoye came over in a hurry.
“抽签啊，好像很有意思，带我一个吧。”王叶冲着众人伸出手。
"Lottery, it seems to be very interesting, take me one." Wang Ye stretched out his hand to everyone.
巴勒吉如皱眉，正要让小孩一边玩去，突然觉得一阵天旋地转，眼睛一闭，就人事不知了。
Baljiru frowned, and was about to let the child play while he was about to feel the world spinning, and as soon as his eyes were closed, he didn't know what to do.
咕咚，咕咚，连续几个少男少女倒地。 Goo-dong, goo-dong, several boys and girls fell to the ground in a row.
剩下还能支持的正要喊出什么，雷木在他们身后一闪，这几个也倒下了。
The rest of them were about to shout something, when Remu flashed behind them, and these few also fell.
王叶拍拍手，把残余的那点药粉拍掉，赞叹：“不错，不亏是我当年的成名作品，瞧瞧这效果，师父来了都得夸赞我。”
Wang Ye clapped his hands, patted off the remaining bit of medicinal powder, and exclaimed: "Yes, it's not a loss to my famous work back then, look at the effect, Master has to praise me when he comes." ”
雷木已经懒得询问小叶子的师父到底是谁，以及都教了他什么。他现在就当小叶子真的有上辈子的记忆，包括他口中的师父也当成是他上辈子的师父。
Lei Mu didn't bother to ask who Xiao Yezi's master was and what he had taught him. He really has the memories of his previous life as Xiao Yezi now, including the master in his mouth, and he also regards it as the master of his previous life.
雷木去查看那辆车是否还有修复的可能。 Raimi went to see if the car could be repaired.
王叶则走到了目瞪口呆看他们的驾车人身边。 Wang Ye walked over to the driver who was stunned at them.
王叶冲着坐在地上的驾车人插腰道：“大叔，识相点，把你带着的储物工具交出来！别让我搜身，你知道我能。”
Wang Ye intervened at the driver sitting on the ground and said, "Uncle, get acquainted, hand over the storage tools you carried!" Don't make me search, you know I can. ”
驾车人：“……”小兔崽子！ Driver: "......" little bunny!
王叶冷笑：“你在心里骂我是不是？行吧，看来你也是想昏过去了，那就让你……”
Wang Ye sneered: "Are you scolding me in your heart?" Okay, it looks like you want to pass out too, so let you ......"
“等等！你们不是要修车子吗？我有材料。” "Wait! Aren't you going to fix the car? I have the material. ”
“材料呢，拿出来。”王叶立刻道。 "What about the materials, take them out." Wang Ye said immediately.
驾车人一边掏材料一边说：“你应该知道你这样做会有什么后果吧？”
The driver said as he pulled out the materials, "You should know what the consequences will be if you do this, right?" ”
王叶点头：“知道啊，现在肯定有教魔药学的教授对我惊为天人，就等着收我为亲传弟子了。说不定还有几个教授为了抢夺我这样不拘一格的超级天才打起来。”
Wang Ye nodded: "I know, there must be a professor who teaches potions who is shocked at me now, and he is waiting to accept me as a personal disciple." Maybe a few professors will fight to snatch an eclectic super genius like me. ”
驾车人忍不住：“……你哪来的自信？” The driver couldn't help but say: "...... Where do you get your confidence? ”
王叶昂起脑袋：“我给我自己的自信。” Wang Ye raised his head: "I give myself self-confidence." ”
驾车人正要教训这小混蛋两句，忽然感到不妙：“你！”
The driver was about to teach the little bastard a lesson, when he suddenly felt bad: "You! ”
王叶嘿嘿一笑，拍掌：“倒！倒！倒！” Wang Ye smiled and clapped his hands: "Pour!" Pour! Pour! ”
驾车人挣扎半天，可最后还是咕咚倒下。 The driver struggled for a long time, but finally fell down.
王叶立即上前把驾车人刚刚掏出来的工具箱给抢过来，屁颠颠地送去给雷木。
Wang Ye immediately stepped forward and snatched the toolbox that the driver had just taken out, and sent it to Lei Mu in a hurry.
“木木，你看，战利品！” "Mumu, look, loot!"
这个不大的工具箱也是一个空间储物工具，打开来，里面不但装了不少炼金工具，更有不少材料。
This small toolbox is also a space storage tool, and when opened, it not only contains a lot of alchemy tools, but also a lot of materials.
有工具又有材料，雷木就尝试对车辆进行维修。 With the tools and materials, Raimu tried to repair the vehicle.
他也不要求把车辆修得多好，只要能跑动就行。 He doesn't want to fix the car well, as long as it can run.
其实这车看着四分五裂，实际上主体完全没问题，雷木检查后发现车辆不能启动竟然是驾车人把能源用的魔晶给抠下来了。
In fact, the car looks torn apart, in fact, the main body is no problem at all, Lei Mu checked and found that the vehicle could not be started because the driver had cut off the magic crystal used for energy.
找到车辆不能动的原因，接下来就简单了。 Find out why the vehicle can't move, and the rest is simple.
雷木连门板都没装，他把所有报名者和他们的行李，连同那名驾车人都丢上车，因为车内空间被破坏，车内空间没有之前大，雷木只好把那些报名者叠放在行李堆上。
Remu didn't even have the door panels installed, he threw all the registrants and their luggage, along with the driver, into the car, because the space in the car was destroyed, and the space in the car was not as large as before, so Reimu had to stack those registrants on top of the luggage pile.
最后雷木把魔晶装回能源处，车子就动了起来，他只要坐在前面把控方向就好。
In the end, Remu loaded the magic crystal back into the energy source, and the car moved, and he just had to sit in front of him and control the direction.
王叶跟着跳上车，就坐在雷木身边。 Wang Ye jumped into the car and sat next to Lei Mu.
心情愉快的王叶还拿出他心爱的二胡，咿咿呀呀地拉起来，边拉他还边唱：“太阳当头照，花儿对我笑，小鸟说你为什么背着炸药包，因为我要去炸学校。点了火儿赶紧跑，轰隆一声学校炸飞了，同学满街跑，老师怒咆哮，我回头哈哈笑，以后再也不用上学了~”
Wang Ye, who was in a happy mood, also took out his beloved erhu, babbled and pulled it up, and sang while pulling him: "The sun is the headshot, the flowers are smiling at me, and the little bird said why are you carrying an explosives bag, because I am going to blow up the school." I lit the fire and ran quickly, and with a bang, the school blew up, my classmates ran all over the street, the teacher roared angrily, I turned around and laughed, I don't have to go to school again~"
小奶狗耿明痛苦地埋下脑袋，他苦于不能遮住自己的耳朵。
Geng Ming, the little milk dog, buried his head in pain, he couldn't cover his ears.
雷木大笑。这二胡的音质明明应该属于苍凉悲伤类，但被小叶子这么一拉，要有多欢快就有多欢快。嗯，不挑的话，还是很好听的。
Reimu laughed. The sound quality of this erhu should obviously belong to the desolate and sad category, but when it is pulled by Xiao Yezi like this, it can be as cheerful as it is. Well, if you don't pick it, it's still very good.
“这个小兔崽子！”此时，陨星魔法学校内，一群正在通过魔法水镜查看现场的魔法师，不止一个在痛骂王叶。
"This little bunny!" At this time, in the Meteorite Magic School, a group of magicians who were checking the scene through the magic water mirror, more than one of them was scolding Wang Ye.
但也就如王叶所说，不止一个教授记住了他，并对他大为感兴趣。
But as Wang Ye said, more than one professor remembered him and was very interested in him.
“听到没有，这小兔崽子还想炸学校呢！” "Did you hear that, this little rabbit still wants to blow up the school!"
“这样的学生怎么能……放过，一定要收进来！将来比赛就放他出去对付其他学校的小混蛋。”
"How can such a student ...... Let it go, be sure to take it in! In the future, I'll let him out to deal with the little bastards from other schools. ”
“我也觉得他不用考了，包括他那个兄长也一样。再考，也是浪费资源。”
"I also don't think he needs to take the test, including his brother. Retaking the test is also a waste of resources. ”
“不行，不能让他这么轻松进来，否则这小混球不得意死。”
"No, you can't let him in so easily, otherwise this little bastard won't want to die."
“对，给他放点大招，免得他认为学校的考核项目过于低劣和幼稚。”
"Yes, give him some big tricks, lest he think the school's assessment program is too inferior and naïve."
第109章 好心好意 Chapter 109: Good Intentions
接下来的路程风平浪静，没有野兽跳出来，没有强盗跑出来，也没有天塌地陷，车子很平安地来到了一条河道边。
The rest of the journey was peaceful, no wild beasts jumped out, no robbers ran out, no sky collapsed, and the car came peacefully to a river.
这条河就是隔开无尽森海和沼泽森林的那条大河，因为两岸土质偏黑，河水又多处深不见底显得十分幽深的缘故，这条河又被称为黑河。
This river is the big river that separates the endless forest sea and the swamp forest, because the soil on both sides is black, and the river is very deep and deep in many places, this river is also called the black river.
黑河河道有宽有窄，驾车人指的这段就是其中比较狭窄的一段，大约只有二十多米的宽度，而且河水也比较平缓，深度也不算很深，游泳技术稍微好一点，也能横游过去。
The Heihe River is wide and narrow, and the driver refers to this section is one of the narrower sections, only about 20 meters wide, and the river is relatively gentle, the depth is not very deep, and the swimming skills are slightly better, and you can swim sideways.
王叶和雷木突然同时回头。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu suddenly turned around at the same time.
王叶眯眼：“我感觉有人在嘲笑我。” Wang Ye squinted: "I feel that someone is laughing at me." ”
雷木：有谁在偷看他们。 Remu: Someone's peeking at them.
两人身后是看不见两头边沿的无尽森海。 Behind the two of them was an endless forest sea with no edge at either end.
感觉那黑漆漆的密集森林中似乎隐藏着无数生命，此时正有无数双眼睛在看着他们。
It seemed that there were countless lives hidden in the dark dense forest, and countless pairs of eyes were watching them at this time.
当然，这应该是错觉，就算有人在偷看他们，数量也不会超过十。
Of course, this should be an illusion, and even if someone were to peek at them, there would not be more than ten.
王叶怀疑是魔法学校的老师，更怀疑是精灵族。 Wang Ye suspected that he was a teacher at a magic school, and even more suspected that he was an elf clan.
雷木同样有这个猜测。正好他们要找的精灵族地，根据小叶子“上辈子的记忆”，据说就在无尽森海中。
Remu also has this guess. It just so happened that the elven land they were looking for, according to Xiao Yezi's "memories of his previous life", was said to be in the endless forest sea.
偷看以及嘲笑他们的人并没有现身，除了鸟雀叫声，周围静悄悄的。
The peekers and mockers didn't show up, except for the chirping of birds, and there was silence around them.
这一片的植物以灌木和野草居多，真说起来这一片还不能算是无尽森海，只能说是黑河到无尽森海之间的过渡带。
The plants in this area are mostly shrubs and wild grasses, and it can only be said that this area is not an endless forest sea, but can only be said to be a transition zone between the black river and the endless forest sea.
这片过渡带，人类还能稍微走一走，听说再往里走，就危险了。
In this transitional zone, humans can still walk a little, and I heard that if they go further, it will be dangerous.
据传无尽森海非常排斥人类进入，哪怕是边缘地带都不准人类踏足，否则非死即伤。
It is rumored that the Endless Forest Sea is very rejecting from human entry, and even the fringe areas are not allowed to set foot on humans, otherwise they will either die or be injured.
因此别看陨星城就建在无尽森海和沼泽森林之间的宽大峡谷中，但任何冒险者，只要还是珍惜自己性命的，都只会到沼泽森林那边冒险和寻宝，而不会随便踏入无尽森海。
Therefore, don't look at Meteor City, which is built in a wide canyon between the Endless Forest Sea and the Swamp Forest, but any adventurer, as long as he still cherishes his life, will only go to the Swamp Forest to adventure and treasure hunting, and will not casually step into the Endless Forest Sea.
其实从地理方位来看，从沼泽森林过来就是陨星城，陨星城过来就是陨星魔法学校，陨星魔法学校过来就是黑河，而黑河过去就是无尽森海。怎么看，陨星魔法学校都很像是守护无尽森海的门户。
In fact, from the geographical point of view, from the swamp forest is Meteorite City, from Meteorite City is Meteorite Magic School, and from Meteorite Magic School is Heihe, and Heihe used to be the Endless Forest Sea. No matter how you look at it, the Meteorite School of Magic is very much like a gateway to the endless forest sea.
偏生陨星魔法学校还敢把新生给扔到黑河和无尽森海的过渡带来进行考核，要说该学校和无尽森海里面的精灵族没有一点关系，你信？
反正王叶是不信的。
如果偷看他们的真是精灵族就好了。他和雷木想要找精灵族，但精灵族地却不那么好进，哪怕木木有精灵族血脉也一样。可如果直接让金宝儿亮相，就怕那些精灵族上手就抢。
他们才两个人，可打不过一堆精灵族。
不如……，王叶眼珠一转，二胡就要拉起来。
雷木倏地按住他的手。
王叶侧头看他。
雷木：“不要挑衅。”
王叶咧嘴，木木真的太懂他了。
雷木弹了弹他的额头。
王小叶老实了，把二胡收了起来。
“我弄个木筏过河吧。”雷木看过车子，这车可以在地上行走，但不能飞起来。
王叶摇头：“不用这么麻烦。这河道不算宽，你我可以直接跳过去。”
“那车子和车上的人怎么办？”雷木一时没反应过来。
王叶理所当然地说：“当然是丢在这里，我们都把人带到河边了，他们还想怎样？接下来他们就自己想法过河吧。”
“那个药……”
“洒点水，很快就会醒。不洒水，也差不多快醒了。”
雷木一听，那确实没必要再留下来：“走，过河。”
王叶就喜欢木木这份干脆。
雷木抓起小奶狗施展异术加上他的武者能力，一个飞跃就跳过了二十多米宽的河道。
王叶则给自己挂上轻功【塞翁失马焉知非福】，一个飞蹿也过去了。临走时还往车上泼了冷水。
过了河，再走不远就能看到被修整过的道路，顺着道路往前，就能看到前往陨星城的标牌。
一张桌子放在路口，桌子后面坐着一个矮胖的年轻魔法师。
矮胖魔法师看到一大一小走过来，还伸头往后面看了看，奇怪道：“就你们两个？”
王叶反问：“这是个常规考点？”
矮胖魔法师笑眯眯地说：“不是考点，是报考点。恭喜两位获得报考资格，把你们的木牌拿来吧。”
雷木把自己和王叶的木牌一起放到木桌上。
矮胖魔法师拿起一个章，啪嗒啪嗒两下盖在木牌上，又把木牌分别交还给两人。
“拿着这个，你们可以参加入学考试了。你们的考试时间被排到了后天，记得后天上午九点，准时到达学校门口。超过时间没有到达，不管你有什么理由，都会取消本年度的考试资格。”
“还有考试？”王叶不满。
矮胖魔法师脾气很好地回复：“后天是正式的入学考试，分为理论和实操两场，一旦通过，你们就会被分入各个相应班级开始学习。要努力考哦，最后一场考试的排名可关系到你们以后入住的宿舍质量，前三名不但可以住进独栋小屋，还可以免除第一年的宿舍费。”
王叶眼睛亮了：“可以免除宿舍费？”
“对，除此之外还能获得崇高的食堂地位。”
“怎么说？”
“意思就是前三名不仅能获得一年份的食堂免费券，还不用排队，到了食堂随时可以到最前面打饭，其他人只能吃他挑剩下的。”
雷木一看王叶的表情，就知道他对这个奖励动心了。他虽然跟王叶在地球那边待得时间不长，但也发现小叶子很不喜欢排队，认为排队是最浪费时间和精力的行为。
“那图书馆的阅读资格和分班和指导教授呢？”王叶又问。
“小孩，你很懂嘛。”矮胖魔法师挑挑眉，倒也没有躲避回答，说道：“入学考试只是考验大家在入学时的水平，这场考试并不能决定终生。很多人有资质却没有基础，他们的入学考试成绩一般不会太好。所以重要的不是入学考试，是每年期末的年终考，那才是决定图书馆阅读资格和是否得到教授青睐的重要指标。”
王叶刚要发表意见。
矮胖魔法师就抢在他前面说道：“但入学考试也很重要，这会让学校知道你们在入学前都掌握了些什么，也可以方便学校在你们入学后对你们因材施教。同时，很多新生在入学前会因为家世、资质等各种原因，十分心高气傲，一场入学考试也能让他们认清自己和其他同学的真实差距。”
王叶：“我还什么都没说呢。”
矮胖魔法师呵呵：“你的表情已经告诉我你想说什么。”小孩子就是藏不住真实心情啊。
王叶也在心中呵呵。小孩子的身体有时也真的很好用，比如容易让人轻视这点。
“行吧，师兄，能介绍下陨星城有没有什么价廉物美的旅店吗？”王叶自来熟地问。
矮胖魔法师竟然也真的给出了几个推荐，说完，看王叶和雷木要走，又叫住他们：“你们现在还不能走，得等学校车辆。这边道路禁止通行，你们只有乘坐学校的车辆才能离开。”
“学校车子还没到吗？”王叶有种不妙感。
矮胖魔法师也奇怪道：“车子就是跟着你们的那辆车，奇怪你们两人到了，驾车人和车子还没到。按理，他现在早就应该到了……”
今年的入学考试内容都差不多，第一关就在沼泽森林入口前，第二关就是在来报考点的路上，要么被扔入黑河和无尽森海的过渡带，要么就是被扔入神秘地下室，还有被扔进角斗场的，不管是哪种考试内容，都是为了进一步考验考生的人品、心性、个人能力和反应能力等等。
但不论是把学生带往哪个考点，驾车人通常会找理由留下或者假装连带车辆一起失踪，然后提前到报考点这边等待那些考生。可这次却出乎意料，驾车人没先到，反而是两个考生先到了。
王叶和雷木：“……”
雷木当即说道：“我们还有点事，先去办理，就不等车子了。”
矮胖魔法师摇头：“不行啊，我刚才已经说了，这条道路禁止通行，你们走在路上会被守路人直接扔到很糟糕的地方，就算你们是小孩子，他们也不会放过。乖乖地在这里等学校车子吧，除非你们不想赶上后天的正式考核。”
王叶拉了拉雷木：“等就等吧。正好我饿了。”
矮胖魔法师刚要说这里没什么食物给他们吃，他们要想弄吃的，得去河里捕鱼，或到河对岸打猎，然后他就见那个小刺头凭空掏出了两把椅子。
和他哥一人一把，坐了下来。
有了椅子还不够，王叶还拿出一张木桌，在木桌上摆上茶水，又把他在家乡那边买的鸭血粉丝汤从保鲜室里拿出来。
打包盒换成大汤碗，两盒装一碗，拿出来还冒着热气，粉丝依然滑嫩韧道。
矮胖魔法师妒忌：有中大型空间储物工具了不起吗！
好吧，是很了不起，他这个正式魔法师都还没有。他使用的储物道具是一种绘画了空间魔法阵的魔法包，可以储存大约比包的内容量大三到五倍的物品，但那包原本就只有书包大小，翻三倍也装不下椅子和桌子。
就他这种空间魔法包都已经很了不起，拿出来也很让人羡慕了。
最讨厌这种富有的新生，真想把他们刷下去啊。矮胖魔法师暗搓搓地眼红着。
王叶把其中一碗推到雷木面前，把筷子递给他：“哥，今天吃这个可以吗？”
雷木当然没意见，他也很喜欢鸭血粉丝汤，尤其喜欢鸭肝。
王叶知道他喜欢吃鸭肝，把自己碗里的都捞出来给他。
雷木没拒绝，一个护食的小孩子愿意分享美食给你，那就是他对你的最高爱意，拒绝反而不美。
小奶狗伸出狗头，表示他也要见者有份。
王叶把他脑袋推开，还没断奶的奶狗可不好随便吃，就算是借尸还魂的也不能吃。
雷木看小奶狗馋得可怜，从精灵空间里找了块奶糕，放到小碟子上。
耿明满意了，他认出来这块奶糕也是给人吃的，而且味道好好啊~
“哥，要辣油吗？”
“要。你那儿多吗，等会儿在我这儿放几瓶。”雷木的精灵空间能打开后，王叶就分了很多东西给他，不过乱七八糟的东西，他们买了太多，王叶自己也搞不清楚，他什么给了雷木，什么没给。
“好。”王叶嘿嘿笑，他家木木好像很喜欢刺激性食物，辣的、酸的，全都接受良好。
王叶拿出一个陶碗，里面装了满满的红通通辣油，舀了两勺分别加入两人的粉丝汤里。
雷木熟练地搅拌一番。
矮胖魔法师就看这一大一小，连带那只奶狗，全都当着他的面吃上了。
偏偏他们吃的那食物特别鲜香，香味不住往他鼻孔里钻。
尤其那后来加入的什么辣油，那味儿似乎特别刺激……
这两人明知道他是学校报考点负责人，是学校的前辈，竟然都不说请他尝尝，哪怕假客气一下也好啊。
以后还想不想在学校混了？
矮胖魔法师能长这么胖，说明什么？说明他爱吃啊！
矮胖魔法师扭过头，逼迫自己不去看那两人，他还拿出手帕捂住鼻子，后来干脆假装散步走开了。
而那欠揍的一大一小竟然吃了一碗还不够，又拿出一堆雪白软乎却被油脂浸透的大包子出来。
矮胖魔法师认得包子，他们这儿也有各种包子卖。
听说这种吃起来方便、储存起来也方便的食物一开始还是从白鹿国那边传来的。
不过这一大一小拿出来的大包子做法似乎很特别，那馅不是纯肉，却比纯肉更吸引人，像是有蘑菇丁、笋丁……咬开来后似乎还有点淡淡的甜香。
好想吃……
矮胖魔法师跺着脚走得更远。
前面，终于有人出现了。
这次是一堆人。
正确说法是一共十九个人。
十八个考生，加一个驾车人。
他们醒来后经过了一番……总之，他们最后共同合作制造了一架木筏，把学校的车子放在木筏上，连同人和行李，一起撑过了岸。
过岸后，驾车人就表示学校的车似乎被修好，可以行驶。
但他们上车没走多远，就遇到了散步中的矮胖魔法师。
矮胖魔法师就把这些考生全都带到了报考点，这些人虽然迟到，但好歹一个没落都过来了，他不负责评分，他只负责盖章。
巴勒吉如过来一看到坐在那儿吃吃喝喝，一副大爷样的两人，顿时怒上心头，指着两人就骂道：“原来你们在这儿！你们怎么敢！你们这两个卑鄙无耻的混蛋……”
另一名少女也跳脚：“是不是你们把我们打昏过去的？太过分了，你们怎么能那么做！”
一帮少年男女气势汹汹地围过来。
某处一帮无聊的大佬激动得直叫：“开始了开始了，修罗场就要开始了！我等到现在就是想看那小子怎么被揍。别的考生都在忙生忙死，他们倒好，竟然还吃上了！”
另一位大佬幽幽道：“这些考生加起来都打不过大的那个，何况小的还会用药。”
大佬们：“……”
“可惜按规定，驾车人不能出手。”
“出手也没用，之前还不是被迷倒了。” "It's useless to shoot, I wasn't fascinated before."
“尴尬啊，老方现在一定气炸了。” "Embarrassing, Lao Fang must be angry now."
“老方阴沟里翻船啊。” "The old man capsized in the gutter."
“我现在就想知道那小子用的到底是什么药剂，竟然连老方都顶不住。”
"I want to know now what kind of potion that kid is using, and he can't even resist the old prescription."
“我更想知道那药是不是那小子自己做的？” "I wonder if the kid made the medicine himself?"
“应该不可能吧，那小崽子才多大？” "It shouldn't be possible, how old is that little cub?"
现场，王叶和雷木稳如泰山。 At the scene, Wang Ye and Lei Mu were as stable as Mount Tai.
王叶小心惯了，暗中给自己和雷木都加了个【因果循环】守护技能。
Wang Ye was used to it, and secretly added a [Cause and Effect Loop] guardian skill to both himself and Lei Mu.
一堆乱哄哄的叫骂声在他们耳边炸开。 A bunch of chaotic shouting and scolding exploded in their ears.
喊骂的人太多，两人反而分不清那些少年男女都在骂什么。
There were too many people shouting and scolding, but the two couldn't tell what those young men and women were scolding.
王叶提防的也不是这群涉世不深的少年男女们。 Wang Ye is not wary of this group of young men and women who are not deeply involved in the world.
比起站在少年男女身后，正用幽深目光深深凝视他们的驾车人，这些吵吵嚷嚷只会喷口水的少年男女们真的不算什么。大不了，他就再药一次嘛。
Compared to the drivers who stood behind the boys and women, staring deeply at them with deep eyes, these noisy teenagers and men who could only spit were really nothing. It's a big deal, he'll take the medicine again.
上次他可是从岩药师那儿买了不少药材。 Last time, he bought a lot of medicinal herbs from the rock medicine master.
倒是那对双胞胎小胖子和那个小女孩，看到王叶和雷木坐在那儿吃喝，竟颠颠跑了过来。
However, the pair of twins, the little fat man and the little girl, saw Wang Ye and Lei Mu sitting there eating and drinking, and they ran over.
小胖墩哥边跑还边热情地喊：“亲哥，亲弟，原来你们在这儿。吃什么呢，这么香，分我一点啊~”
Brother Chubby Dun shouted enthusiastically while running: "Brother, brother, it turns out that you are here." What are you eating, it's so fragrant, share a little bit with me~"
小胖墩弟不甘示弱，跑得比他哥还快。 Not to be outdone, the little chubby dun brother ran faster than his brother.
小女孩慢了一点，但过来先对雷木怯怯地喊了一声哥，又对王叶喊了声弟弟。
The little girl was a little slower, but when she came over, she first shouted timidly to Lei Mu brother, and then to Wang Ye brother.
王叶：这三只什么时候统一称呼了？小孩子太可怕了！ Wang Ye: When did these three become uniformly named? Little children are terrible!
巴勒吉如愤怒，冲着三只小崽子叫：“你们别过去！被他们坑了一次，你们还想被坑第二次吗？”
Baljiru was furious and shouted at the three cubs: "Don't go over! They have been cheated once, do you want to be cheated a second time? ”
三只小鬼不理他们，他们醒来的时候就睡在车子的最上层，身体不痛不痒，还到了河边，都省了他们走路了，哪里被坑了？完全不懂那些大孩子的思路。
The three little ghosts ignored them, and when they woke up, they slept on the top floor of the car, and their bodies were not painful or itchy, and when they got to the river, they were saved from walking, where was the pit? I don't understand the thinking of those older kids at all.
三只小崽子眼巴巴地看着你，你还能吃得下去吗？ The three little cubs are looking at you with blank eyes, can you still eat?
王叶能，但雷木做不到，尤其他家小叶子之前还把三个小朋友给欺负了。
Wang Ye can, but Lei Mu can't do it, especially since his little Yezi bullied the three children before.
雷木拿出三张钓鱼用的帆布折叠椅，让三个小朋友坐下，又给他们一人发了两个大肉包子，还给他们一人分了一碗冰糖绿豆汤。
Lei Mu took out three canvas folding chairs for fishing, sat down with the three children, gave each of them two large meat buns, and gave each of them a bowl of rock sugar mung bean soup.
王叶：哼！ Wang Ye: Hmph!
三只小崽吃得头都不抬。虽然他们一路没怎么耗费力气，做木筏也没用上他们，但小孩子饿得快啊，而这会儿早就过了中午。
The three cubs ate without raising their heads. Although they didn't exert much effort all the way, and they didn't need to make a raft, the child was hungry fast, and it was already past noon.
相比三只小崽，年龄稍大的几个少年男女都十分下不了台，纷纷指责王叶和雷木。
Compared with the three cubs, the slightly older teenagers and men were very unable to get off the stage, and they blamed Wang Ye and Lei Mu one after another.
王叶挖了挖耳朵，不耐烦地道：“你们说够了没？就凭你们那点身手，还不够添麻烦的。我和我哥好心好意把你们一路平平安安带到河边，还把驾车人和车辆都留给你们。你们不说谢谢，反而跑来指责我？指责我什么？是指责我没杀了你们，还是指责我没把你们身上的钱财抢光？”
Wang Ye gouged out his ears and said impatiently: "Have you said enough?" With your little skill, it's not enough to cause trouble. My brother and I were kind enough to take you all the way to the river, leaving you with the driver and the vehicle. Instead of saying thank you, you come to blame me? Accuse me of what? Do you accuse me of not killing you, or do you accuse me of not robbing you of all your money? ”
“你！你这是强词夺理。”有少年气不过。 "You! You're a strong argument. "It's a boyishness.
陨星魔法学校。 Falling Star School of Magic.
“人才啊。” "Talent."
“你指的哪个？” "Which one are you referring to?"
“你说呢？” "What do you say?"
水镜前一片哈哈哈的笑声。 There was a ha laugh in front of the water mirror.
“诸位，我知道你们觉得这小混蛋不好教，不如就分到我班上吧。”
"Guys, I know you think this little bastard is not easy to teach, so why don't you be assigned to my class."
“哎……这哪能让你费心呢，你那班上都预订有三十多号人了，再加一个调皮捣蛋欠揍的，你哪能带得过来。还是分给我吧，我就善于调教这种小刺头。”
"Hey...... How can you bother with this, there are more than 30 people in your class, plus a naughty mischievous one, how can you bring it. Give it to me, I'm good at training this little prick. ”
“先别争，这小子到底要分到哪个院哪个班，还得看他最后一次考试。另外，这两兄弟都有异术在身，还拥有空间储物工具，也许背景不凡。能调查出来吗？”
"Don't argue first, which academy and class this kid will be assigned to depends on his last exam. In addition, both brothers have magical skills and space storage tools, and may have extraordinary backgrounds. Can you find out? ”
“在调查了，但说不定是哪个不出世的老怪物的孩子，这种很难查到。”
"I'm investigating, but maybe it's the child of an old monster who didn't come out of the world, it's hard to find out."
“只要不是敌对势力派过来的卧底，就没问题。” "As long as it's not an undercover agent sent by a hostile force, it's fine."
“哪有卧底这么高调的？” "How can an undercover agent be so high-profile?"
“就是啊，我要派卧底也不会派这种样子的，实力不好分分钟被人揍扁。”
"That's right, if I want to send an undercover agent, I won't send someone like this, my strength is not good, and I will be beaten flat in minutes."
众教授又是一阵哈哈哈笑声。 The professors burst into laughter again.
第110章 化干戈、购物抽奖 Chapter 110: Turning into a war and shopping lottery
巴勒吉如非常愤怒，但当他的目光扫过矮胖魔法师和那名驾车人时，他心里忽然一惊。
Ballegiru was furious, but when his gaze swept over the Humpty Fat Wizard and the driver, he was startled.
在他们看来很严重的事情，也许在学校的魔法师眼中，根本不算过分？
What seemed serious to them, perhaps in the eyes of the school's magicians, was not excessive at all?
而且那小鬼也没说错，他们并没有谋财害命，还把他们带到了河边，除了把他们突然迷昏过去，好像也没做什么特别过分的事。
And the little imp was not wrong, they did not kill them for money, but took them to the river, and did not seem to have done anything particularly excessive, except to make them unconscious suddenly.
所以他们为什么要把他们迷昏过去？ So why did they stun them?
真因为他们碍事吗？ Are they really in the way?
可两个人要保护一群人应该更麻烦吧？ But it should be more troublesome for two people to protect a group of people, right?
完全不知道王小叶只是不想有人跟他争夺雷木，并看不上学校的考验，才“干掉”所有人的巴勒吉如，自然怎么想都想不通。
didn't know at all that Wang Xiaoye just didn't want anyone to compete with him for Lei Mu, and he couldn't look down on the test of the school, so he "killed" everyone, so naturally he couldn't figure it out.
巴勒吉如想再找些和自己同仇敌忾的，可当目光转移到阳光少年鹏翼脸上，竟惊觉鹏翼那表情似乎深觉小孩说得有理？还一脸认同感？
Balerji wanted to find someone who shared the same hatred as him, but when his eyes shifted to the face of the sunny boy Peng Yi, he was shocked to find that Peng Yi's expression seemed to be deeply aware of the child's reasoning? Still have a sense of identity?
阳光少年鹏翼还真跟王叶道谢了：“谢谢你们哥俩啊，虽然不知道你们后来碰上了什么危险，但只看你哥的身手就知道超级厉害，我们和他比起来就是渣。我知道队伍中如果拖后腿的很多，会大大降低队伍的实力，你们把我们弄昏，应该也是为了不出乱子。”
Sunshine boy Peng Yi really thanked Wang Ye: "Thank you brothers, although I don't know what danger you encountered later, but just looking at your brother's skills, I know that he is super powerful, and we are scum compared to him." I know that if there are a lot of laggards in the team, it will greatly reduce the strength of the team, and you should also make us unconscious so as not to cause trouble. ”
巴勒吉如和其他少年男女：等等！话不是这样说的。 Baljiru and other young men and women: Wait! That's not what the words say.
阳光少年：“不管如何，你们能把我们送到河边，还把我们的行李也都保护得好好的，我就得对你们说声谢。我叫鹏翼，以后你们有什么事，可以找我。对了，你们吃的这个包子卖吗？”
Sunshine Boy: "No matter what, I have to thank you for sending us to the river and protecting our luggage." My name is Peng Yi, if you have anything to do in the future, you can find me. By the way, do you sell this bun you eat? ”
王叶：“卖啊，一个银币一个。” Wang Ye: "Sell, one silver coin." ”
“太贵了！普通肉包子就三个铜币一个。”鹏翼一看就是个会过日子的。
"It's too expensive! Ordinary meat buns are only three copper coins each. "Peng Yi looks like a person who can live.
王叶抱臂：“我这肉包子不一样，你吃了就知道。十个铜币一个，不能少了。”
Wang Ye hugged his arms: "My meat bun is different, you will know it when you eat it." One of ten copper coins, no less. ”
“行吧，给我五个。”鹏翼数出五十个铜币递给王叶，一个都没多给。
"Okay, give me five." Peng Yi counted out fifty copper coins and handed them to Wang Ye, but he didn't give any more.
王叶让鹏翼自己从盘子上拿了五个大包子。 Wang Ye asked Peng Yi to take five big buns from the plate by himself.
雷木也免费奉送了他一碗冰糖绿豆汤。 Lei Mu also gave him a bowl of rock sugar mung bean soup for free.
鹏翼站着喝了口甘甜凉爽的绿豆汤，顿时觉得五十个铜币给得值得了。
Peng Yi stood and drank the sweet and cool mung bean soup, and suddenly felt that the fifty copper coins were worth it.
其他少年男女们：“……”你们这样，还让我们怎么指责？
Other young men and women: "......" you guys are like this, how can we blame us?
偏偏鹏翼还大声招呼他们，说汤好好喝、包子好好吃，让他们也过来买。
But Peng Yi also greeted them loudly, saying that the soup was delicious and the buns were delicious, and asked them to come and buy them too.
雷木与他们目光接触，跟着友善一笑。 Raimu made eye contact with them and smiled kindly.
雷木长得帅气，年龄又明显比他们都大，超过十八岁还能报名成功，显然有他的特殊之处，队伍里的少女对雷木的印象可是非常好的。
Lei Mu is handsome, and his age is obviously older than all of them, and he can sign up successfully when he is more than eighteen years old, obviously he has special features, and the girls in the team have a very good impression of Lei Mu.
都是年龄不大的未成年，火气上来得快，下去得也快，一名少女气得嘴巴鼓鼓的，可看鹏翼和三个小的吃得欢畅，那个小混蛋还摊在椅子上一副吃饱喝足的幸福样，一时没憋住，噗嗤笑了出来。
They are all minors who are not very old, the anger comes up quickly, and it goes down quickly, a girl is so angry that her mouth is bulging, but you can see Peng Yi and the three little ones eating happily, the little bastard is still spread on the chair and looks full of food and drink, he didn't hold back for a while, and laughed out.
“小混球一个！以后别让我找到机会，否则非揍烂你的屁股不可，哼哼。”少女插腰威胁，但显然也不是很气了。
"A little bastard! Don't let me find a chance in the future, or I'll have to beat your ass, huh. The girl threatened, but was obviously not very angry.
如此，现场气氛顿时一松。 In this way, the atmosphere of the scene was suddenly relaxed.
几个少年男女还真的跑过来跟王叶买包子。 A few young men and women really came over to buy steamed buns with Wang Ye.
这些考生有空间储物工具的不止一个，准备了干粮的更多，但想要食物拿出来还新鲜又热乎，就不可能了。
These candidates have more than one space to store tools, and more have prepared dry food, but it is impossible to get the food fresh and hot when they want it to be taken out.
巴勒吉如等几个有见识的学生都对这能保鲜又能保持温度的空间储物工具十分心动，但目前也只是心动。
Several knowledgeable students, such as Baljiru, are very impressed by this space storage tool that can keep it fresh and keep it warm, but they are only impressed at the moment.
王叶舍不得了，勉强同意一人只卖一个，又卖了五个后就再也不肯卖。他回去一趟购物要花经验值的好吧！
Wang Ye was reluctant, and reluctantly agreed to sell only one person, and after selling five more, he refused to sell again. He's going to spend experience on a shopping trip!
再有人想跟他们买食物，雷木就让王叶拿出了他在地球买的刚出炉的大饼。
If someone wanted to buy food from them, Lei Mu asked Wang Ye to take out the freshly baked flatbread he had bought on Earth.
这种大饼表层烤出焦黄色，充满麦香，对饥饿的人引诱力无限。
This flatbread is roasted brown and full of wheat aroma, which is infinitely attractive to the hungry.
之前小叶子的虫巢还无法做到这种让食物完全保持原样的程度，第三次升级时，可以一定程度延长食物包括温度和鲜度在内的状态，但也不能持久。
Previously, the small leaf nest could not keep the food completely unchanged, and the third upgrade can prolong the state of the food including temperature and freshness to a certain extent, but it cannot last.
但经过第四次升级，虫巢中多出了一间可以让食物长时间保持原状态的房间，并不是时间停止，而是虫巢本身进化出来的功能，这个房间可以分泌出一种很特别的物质，这种物质可以让温度、鲜度等绝大多数生物的状态都保持在原样。
But after the fourth upgrade, there is an extra room in the hive that can keep the food in its original state for a long time, not that time stops, but that the hive itself has evolved its function, this room can secrete a very special substance, which can keep the state of most organisms such as temperature and freshness in the same state.
用小叶子的话说，这房间的功效就像是保温箱和真空箱的双重结合。
In Xiao Yezi's words, the effect of this room is like a double combination of an incubator and a vacuum box.
实际上这应该是虫巢在极端状态下，为了保存食物和保存寄生虫族的生命状态才进化出的能力。
In fact, this is supposed to be the ability that the hive evolved in an extreme state in order to preserve food and preserve the life state of the parasitic worm.
而这种能力十分消耗能量，并不能长时间开启。 This ability is very energy-intensive and cannot be turned on for a long time.
可王叶的虫巢并不用养育大量寄生虫族，也不用帮助大量寄生虫族进化，更不用维持寄生虫族的生活和使用虫巢长期作战。
But Wang Ye's hive does not need to raise a large number of parasitic insects, nor does it need to help a large number of parasitic insects evolve, let alone maintain the life of parasitic insects and use the insect hive to fight for a long time.
加上虫巢能量充足，王叶就把那房间长久留存了，并取名保鲜室。不过房间也不大，目前就十个立方米，但也足够使用。
In addition, the insect nest has enough energy, so Wang Ye kept the room for a long time and named it the fresh-keeping room. However, the room is not big, only ten cubic meters at the moment, but it is enough to use.
当还散发着热气的焦香大饼拿出来，就连驾车人和矮胖魔法师都看了过来。
大饼很大，雷木当场用刀切了，分给几个想买的考生，也都是十个铜币一块，再送一碗绿豆汤。
就连矮胖魔法师都买了一块，夹点肉，啃起来贼香。
食物可以拉进人与人的距离，虽然之前被迷昏和被打昏的事有点丢脸，但……脸都已经丢了，还能怎么办？
又不是什么不可化解的深仇大恨。
一群年龄不大的少年男女们，除非性格真的很冷清，很不愿和别人待在一起的，都互相通了姓名，很快就互相说笑起来，最重要的是他们想知道雷木和王叶的名字。
王叶坏得很，就是不说。
雷木则一副“我是成年人，就不和你们小孩子掺和”的淡然表情，搞得大家都不敢和他搭讪。
巴勒吉如看看两人，发现没办法再利用这两人团结其他人，他就也跟着一脸无奈地摇摇头，重点跑去关怀那几个受伤的考生，他还想把自己带的干粮分给这几名考生。
结果这几个都买了大饼，再夹着自己带着的肉干和淡水，完全不需要巴勒吉如的分享。
巴勒吉如随即走到矮胖魔法师身边，跟他搭话。
阳光少年也跑去和矮胖魔法师打听事情。
驾车人看王叶和雷木身边只有三个小崽和一只小奶狗，这才走过来，低声阴阴地跟王叶道：“工具箱呢？”
王叶偏头：“那是我的战利品。”
驾车人双拳捏得咔咔响：“别闹，那是学校财产，我没有权力交给你。”
王叶还是那句话：“那是我的战利品。”
“这是考试，没有战利品一说。”
“哦。”
驾车人看王叶油盐不进，转头看向看起来“比较懂事稳重”的雷木。
雷木：“这是我弟的战利品，我没有资格帮他处理。这样吧，如果我和我弟能够安然被学校录取，我们会作为庆祝，把他得到的战利品送给你。”
“那如果你们俩没有被录取，或只录取了一个呢？”驾车人气笑。
雷木淡淡道：“那战利品自然就用来弥补我们兄弟的失落感了。”
驾车人：“……”还弥补失落感？这小的这么欠揍，八成就是给大的宠出来的！一对混蛋！
驾车人到底不好意思跟两个考生动手，再说这两个小混蛋如果不出意外，九成会被录取，等以后进了学校再说吧。
驾车人阴阴一笑。
吃饱喝足休息好，二十名考生再次乘坐上那辆车子，因为工具和材料都被某个小混蛋拿走的缘故，原本有车厢的车子变成了敞篷板车。
敞篷也有敞篷的好处，大家看风景方便多了。
车上坐了这么多人，又放了不少行李，看着有些挤，但这辆车好歹也是魔器，虽然不能浮空飞行，但坐在上面几乎没有颠簸感，可能也有减重作用，车子行驶起来也半点不吃力，速度还快。
车走没多久，他们就连车带人一起进入了一个传送阵。
从传送阵出来，车中众考生突然齐齐发出一声惊叹：“哇！”
王叶也不例外，这还是他第一次看到完整完好的陨星魔法学校外侧景观。
Wang Ye was no exception, this was the first time he had seen the entire landscape outside the Meteorite Magic School.
陨星魔法学校占地极大，不亚于一座城，外边没有围墙，只有巨柱，而且不管从哪个角度看过去，你能数出来的只有二十四根巨柱。
The Meteor School of Magic covers a huge area, no less than a city, with no walls outside, only giant pillars, and no matter what angle you look at, you can count only twenty-four giant pillars.
实际上到底有多少根巨柱，谁也不知道，就是学校学生也没几个知道。
In fact, no one knows how many giant pillars there are, not even the students of the school.
巨柱高至少百米，直径至少八米，柱身有无数神秘花纹，顶端还有雕像。
The giant pillar is at least 100 meters high and at least eight meters in diameter, with countless mysterious patterns on the body of the column, and there are statues at the top.
但因为巨柱太高，普通人拼命仰头看也不太能看清巨柱顶端的雕像都长什么样。
But because the giant pillar is too high, ordinary people can't see what the statues at the top of the giant pillar look like even if they look up.
王叶慨叹，当年他过来刷副本时，这些巨柱好多都残损了，很多地方只留下巨柱基座，有些连基座都不见了，就是那时候也没人数得清到底有多少根巨柱。
Wang Ye sighed, when he came to brush the copy, many of these giant pillars were damaged, and only the pedestals of the giant pillars were left in many places, and some of them were even missing, even at that time, I couldn't count how many giant pillars there were.
现在，通过巨柱和巨柱的间隙，你能看到隐约的大片建筑和山峦，但你想仔细看时，却发现什么都看不清楚。
Now, through the gaps between the pillars and the pillars, you can see the looming expanse of buildings and mountains, but when you look closely, you can't see anything clearly.
而上辈子他过来时，整个学校废墟就这么暴露在人眼面前，学校依山而建，山上到处都是断壁残垣，残留的建筑内鬼影森森，校园内道路野草蔓生，虽能依稀看出当年的辉煌和精致，但绝没有现在的气势和神秘。
And when he came over in his previous life, the ruins of the whole school were exposed to the human eye, the school was built on the mountain, the mountain was full of broken walls, the remnants of the building were ghostly, and the roads in the campus were overgrown with weeds, although the glory and delicacy of the year could be vaguely seen, but there was no momentum and mystery now.
哪怕进入副本，你也感觉不到现在感觉到的宏伟壮观和勃勃生机，大概这就是有活气和没有活气的区别？
Even if you enter the dungeon, you can't feel the grandeur and vitality that you feel now, maybe this is the difference between living and not living?
“到地方了，下车吧。前面就是陨星城，你们自己找住的地方，记得考试时间。”驾车人心情不好，把考生们从车上驱赶下来，只简单交代一句，就连车带人消失了。
"It's time to get out of the car. In front of you is Falling Star City, you can find a place to live by yourself, remember the exam time. "The driver was in a bad mood, drove the candidates out of the car, and with a simple explanation, even the car disappeared.
巴勒吉如看到驾车人施展了魔法，这才知道这位竟然也是一名魔法师，当即有点后悔之前没好好跟这位驾车人打交道。
When Balergilu saw the driver perform magic, he realized that he was also a magician, and immediately regretted that he had not dealt with the driver properly.
不过人已经走了，后悔也来不及，巴勒吉如只希望自己之前关心的行为能给这位学校前辈留下一些好印象。
However, the person is gone, and it is too late to regret it, and Balerjiru only hopes that his previous actions will leave some good impression on the school senior.
其他考生则都大多被学校外观吸引。 The rest of the candidates were mostly attracted by the school's appearance.
“这……就是陨星魔法学校？好宏伟啊。不过没有大门的话，大家不是都能随便进去了？”一名考生仰望着巨柱，目眩神迷地道。
"This ...... Is it the Falling Star School of Magic? It's magnificent. But if you don't have a gate, won't everyone be able to enter casually? One of the candidates looked up at the giant pillar, dizzy.
巴勒吉如看其他人似乎也不是很了解，微微一笑，跟众人介绍道：“陨星魔法学校没有围墙也没有大门，见巨柱即见学校。且不管你从哪个角度看，都是二十四根巨柱。但如果你没有得到巨柱认可，不管你从哪里进入，也无法进入学校内部。”
Balerjiru didn't seem to know much about the others, smiled slightly, and introduced to everyone: "The Meteorite Magic School has no walls and no gates, and when you see the giant pillar, you can see the school. And no matter which way you look at it, it's twenty-four giant pillars. But if you don't get the approval of the giant pillar, no matter where you enter, you won't be able to enter the inside of the school. ”
“我们看不到任何围墙，但实际上我们始终都在围墙之外。”一名身穿华贵衣服的少年低喃。
"We don't see any walls, but we're actually outside the walls all the time." A young man in rich clothes murmured.
“这些巨柱肯定组成了一个巨大的魔法阵。”阳光少年鹏翼严肃地道，但这位严肃不到一分钟，马上就热情地询问众人：“诸位，你们找好住的地方了吗？如果没有，要不要一起啊。人多可以让店主和房东算我们便宜一点，而且人多也更安全。”
众考生这才反应过来，他们还需要找住的地方呢。 Only then did the candidates realize that they still needed to find a place to live.
而等他们把注意力从巨柱上收回，才发现周围相当热闹。
And when they withdrew their attention from the giant pillar, they found that the surroundings were quite lively.
这里不知道是不是学校的正门，门前聚集了不少像是考生和考生家长的人，还有不少招揽者和向导之类。
I don't know if it's the main entrance of the school, but there are a lot of people like candidates and their parents gathered in front of the door, as well as a lot of solicitors and guides.
就这么一会儿，又有两辆车子过来，把一些看起来比他们还要狼狈得多的学生丢下来，这些考生竟然七成以上都受伤了，有的明显还是重伤。
In a few moments, two more cars came over and dropped some of the students who looked much more embarrassed than them, and more than seventy percent of these candidates were injured, and some of them were obviously seriously injured.
对比起来，他们这一车人的情况竟然是最好的。 In comparison, the situation of their carload turned out to be the best.
有貌似学校师兄师姐的学生出现，把那些伤者接到一边进行治疗。
Students who looked like school brothers and sisters appeared and took the injured aside for treatment.
“鹏翼！” "Pengyi!"
“巴勒少爷！” "Master Bale!"
“儿砸！” "Smash!"
“我的宝贝女儿，爸爸终于找到你了！” "My baby girl, Daddy has finally found you!"
等在这里的考生亲人和仆人们虽然被学校安慰说他们的孩子没事，但如今真正看到人才算放心。
Although the relatives and servants of the candidates who were waiting here were comforted by the school and said that their children were fine, they were relieved to see it now.
顿时一片认亲声和哭泣声就响了起来。 Immediately, there were voices of confession and crying.
三个原本黏着王叶的小崽也纷纷扑向自己的亲人。 The three cubs who were originally clinging to Wang Ye also pounced on their relatives.
王叶趁此机会迅速拉着雷木就跑到另一头去了。 Wang Ye took advantage of this opportunity to quickly pull Lei Mu and ran to the other end.
“我们去找住的地方吧。”王叶道。 "Let's find a place to live." Wang Ye said.
“好，走吧，再不走，我们就要被人包围了。”雷木也想赶紧离开。
"Okay, let's go, if we don't leave, we'll be surrounded." Remu also wanted to leave quickly.
传送阵站外虽然有些招募者，但这里的才叫多。而且这里的招募者们也热情得多，大声表示可以为报考者们提供免费食宿，还不用报考者给予任何回报。
Although there are some recruiters outside the teleportation array station, there are many people here. And the recruiters here are much more enthusiastic, loudly saying that they can provide free room and board for the candidates, and they don't have to give anything in return.
大概是他们这一车人的状况看起来比较好，尤其他们两人，很多招募者都向他们投来火热的目光，有些想要先下手为强的已经快步向他们走来。
Probably because the condition of their carload of people seems to be better, especially the two of them, many recruiters have cast fiery eyes at them, and some who want to strike first have already walked towards them quickly.
王叶始终坚信一句话：世上没有白吃的午餐。 Wang Ye has always firmly believed in one sentence: there is no free lunch in the world.
他和雷木又不是穷得过不下去，就没必要去沾这个不必要的人情了，尤其他还是修因果的。他如果去享受这些人提供的免费食宿，他就相当于欠了对方主人一个人情。
He and Lei Mu are not too poor to get by, so there is no need to touch this unnecessary favor, especially since he is still cultivating cause and effect. If he goes to enjoy the free food and lodging provided by these people, he is equivalent to owing a favor to the other master.
这对王叶来说，可不是什么划算的买卖。 This is not a good deal for Wang Ye.
“两位，等等！”阳光少年鹏翼奔过来。 "Wait, wait!" The sunshine boy Pengyi ran over.
鹏翼拦住两人，热情地道：“相逢即有缘，人多可打折。你们如果还没有落脚地，不如一起？”
Peng Yi stopped the two and said enthusiastically: "When you meet, you will have fate, and there will be a discount if there are many people." If you don't have a foothold yet, why don't you stay together? ”
王叶和雷木互看。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu looked at each other.
王叶抱着奶狗装小孩：“哥，你决定。” Wang Ye hugged the milk dog and pretended to be a child: "Brother, you decide." ”
雷木略略沉吟，他和小叶子对这座城市完全陌生，但是小叶子和他秘密颇多，金宝儿也不能一直关在虫巢空间中，想了想，他还是婉拒了阳光少年的好意。
Lei Mu groaned slightly, he and Xiao Yezi were completely unfamiliar with the city, but Xiao Yezi and him had a lot of secrets, and Jin Bao'er couldn't be locked in the hive space all the time, after thinking about it, he still declined the kindness of the sunny boy.
鹏翼感到很可惜，这位大哥很强啊，虽说两兄弟不知为何把他们弄昏了，但做事显然很有底线，和他们住在一起，要比和其他人住在一起，更让他有安全感。但人家不愿意，他也不能强求，就挥挥手表示以后有机会再一起玩。
Peng Yi felt a pity, this eldest brother is very strong, although the two brothers knocked them out for some reason, but they obviously have a bottom line in doing things, and living with them makes him feel more secure than living with other people. But people didn't want to, and he couldn't force it, so he waved his hand and said that he would have the opportunity to play together again in the future.
王叶和雷木对阳光少年印象也不错，从对方的衣着打扮和行事说话来看，家境应该很好，就是被穷养了。不过只看少年性格，就知道他的穷养应该只是人家家里对孩子的培养方式，而不是故意虐待。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu also have a good impression of the sunshine boy, judging from each other's clothing and behavior, their family background should be very good, but they were raised poorly. However, just looking at the boy's character, he knows that his poor support should just be the way the child is cultivated by other families, rather than deliberately abused.
当天，王叶和雷木就凭借那位矮胖魔法师提供的消息，找了家还算物美价廉的旅馆住下。
On the same day, Wang Ye and Lei Mu relied on the news provided by the short and fat magician to find a hotel with good quality and low price.
旅馆在商业街上，这条街属于中等消费水平，有一家规模颇大的药草店和一家什么都卖的超大杂货铺。
The hotel is on a shopping street, which is of a medium consumption level, with a large herb shop and a large grocery store that sells everything.
街上到处可见像是考生的未成年，还有不少穿着陨星魔法学校校服的学生，这些学生大多佩戴着学生徽章和魔法学徒徽章。
The streets were filled with minors who looked like candidates, as well as a number of students wearing the uniforms of the Falling Star School of Magic, most of whom wore student badges and magic apprentice badges.
王叶和雷木两人就在这条街上消磨了一个下午的时间。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu spent an afternoon on this street.
王叶在药草店购买了不少药草和种子，又在杂货店给雷木买了不少练手的炼金材料。
Wang Ye bought a lot of herbs and seeds in the herb shop, and bought a lot of alchemy materials for Lei Mu to practice at the grocery store.
雷木顺手就把买下的材料装入精灵空间，作为掩饰，他和王叶手指上都戴了一个不起眼的戒指。
Lei Mu easily loaded the materials he bought into the elf space, and as a cover, he and Wang Ye both wore an inconspicuous ring on their fingers.
杂货店的店员自然把这一幕看在了眼里，对两人更加热情。
The clerk at the grocery store naturally saw this scene in his eyes and was even more enthusiastic about the two.
“店家，你们家有聚水珠卖吗？”王叶看这家杂货铺有不少魔法相关物品，就试着问道。
"Shop, do you have Jushui beads for sale?" Wang Ye saw that there were a lot of magic-related items in this grocery store, so he tried to ask.
戴着魔法学徒徽章的店员眼睛一亮，立刻道：“有，你们想要什么品质的？”
The clerk wearing the magic apprentice badge lit up his eyes and immediately said, "Yes, what quality do you want?" ”
“还分品质？” "Or quality?"
“当然，聚水珠根据品相和聚水能力，分上中下三品，我们店没有上品，但中品还是有一颗的，低品的有两颗。”
"Of course, according to the quality and water gathering ability, the water beads are divided into upper, middle and lower grades, and our store does not have a top grade, but there is still one in the middle grade, and there are two in the low grade."
“能都拿给我看看吗？”王叶问。 "Can you show me them all?" Wang Ye asked.
“别人不行，但你们可以，请稍等。”店员转头就去了店后面，过了一会儿，捧着三个小盒子出来。
"No one else can do it, but you can, please wait." The clerk turned around and went to the back of the store, and after a while, came out with three small boxes.
两颗低级聚水珠只有黄豆大，有一颗还有一丝裂痕。 The two low-grade water beads are only the size of soybeans, and one of them has a trace of cracks.
中级那颗也只比黄豆略大一圈，只是看着十分水润。 The intermediate one is only slightly larger than soybeans, but it looks very moist.
三颗聚水珠单从品相上，完全不能和他在海沟岛上找的那颗相比。
The three water beads were not at all comparable to the one he was looking for on Trench Island in terms of quality alone.
“这些聚水珠分别是什么价格？” "What is the price of these water beads?"
“如果按照魔晶计算，低品的两颗，一颗只需要标准魔晶70枚，一颗需要90枚。中级的聚水珠比较贵，需要一枚三级魔晶。”店员又带着一点骄傲和一点歉意道：“低级的聚水珠可以用金币兑换购买，但中级的聚水珠，我们店只接受魔晶。”
"If you calculate according to the magic crystals, the two low-grade ones, one only needs 70 standard magic crystals, and one needs 90 pieces. The mid-level Gathering Water Bead is more expensive, and a third-level magic crystal is required. The clerk said with a little pride and apology: "Low-level water beads can be purchased by exchanging gold coins, but intermediate-level water beads, our store only accepts magic crystals." ”
王叶表示理解。 Wang Ye expressed understanding.
双月星的货币是百进制，魔晶是十进制。一级标准魔晶和金币的兑换率是一比十。
The currency of the Double Moon Star is in the decimal system, and the magic crystal is in the decimal system. The exchange rate for Level 1 Standard Magic Shard and Gold Coin is 1:10.
一枚三级魔晶，相当于一百枚一级魔晶，换算成金币的话，就需要一千枚金币，相当于一千万华夏币。
A third-level magic crystal is equivalent to a hundred first-level magic crystals, and if it is converted into gold coins, it will require a thousand gold coins, which is equivalent to 10 million Huaxia coins.
魔晶级别越高，越无法和正常货币做兑换，也没有多少人愿意换。单就货币而言，就能看出普通人的世界和超凡者的世界，已经是不同的两个世界。
The higher the level of the magic crystal, the more it cannot be exchanged for normal currency, and not many people are willing to exchange it. In terms of currency alone, it can be seen that the world of ordinary people and the world of transcendents are already two different worlds.
王叶对比上辈子在拍卖会上出现的聚水珠的价格，觉得这家店的要价还算低廉，就财大气粗地把三颗聚水珠都买了下来。
Wang Ye compared the price of the water beads that appeared at the auction in his previous life, and felt that the asking price of this store was quite low, so he bought all three water beads with a lot of money.
而且现在买聚水珠是真便宜，等以后聚水珠可以转换成灵水珠的消息传出，那是捧着钱都别想买到。
And it's really cheap to buy Jushui beads now, and when the news that Jushui beads can be converted into spiritual water beads comes out in the future, don't even think about buying them with money.
王叶甚至打算以后多囤积一点聚水珠，不管是留着自己用，还是将来卖掉，都不亏。
Wang Ye even plans to hoard a little more water beads in the future, whether he keeps it for his own use or sells it in the future, he will not lose money.
店员喜笑颜开，他万没想到这个小孩竟然一买就把三颗都买了，还丝毫没还价，这笔生意做成，他可是能拿到不少分成。
The clerk smiled, he never expected that this child would buy all three of them as soon as he bought them, and he didn't bargain at all, this business was done, and he could get a lot of shares.
“你们是来报考陨星魔法学校的考生吧？我也在学校上课，平时会来这里打工，以后你们说不定就是我的学弟。来，别说学长不照顾你们，咱们店有个特别活动，如果消费金额超过一百金币，可以免费抽奖一次。”
"You're a candidate for the Meteorite School of Magic, right? I'm also in school, and I usually come here to work, so you might be my younger brother in the future. Come, don't say that the seniors don't take care of you, our store has a special event, if the consumption amount exceeds 100 gold coins, you can draw a free lottery. ”
王叶一听可以免费抽奖，立即来了兴趣：“那我不是能抽十来次？”
As soon as Wang Ye heard that the lottery could be drawn for free, he immediately became interested: "Then I can't draw more than ten times?" ”
“三次封顶。”店员迅速道。 "Three caps." The clerk said quickly.
王叶流露出失望的神情。 Wang Ye showed a look of disappointment.
店员乐：“三次也不少了，而且我们店的抽奖和其他店铺不同，我们是盲抽。”
The clerk Le: "Three times is a lot, and the lottery in our store is different from other stores, we are blind drawing." ”
“盲抽？”雷木也觉得有点意思了。 "Blind smoking?" Reimu also found it a little interesting.
“是的。”店员引领两人来到一个大约一个立方米的大箱子前，介绍：“这是个魔法箱，里面有鼓风魔法，会把里面的东西吹得飞来飞去，抽奖的人看不到里面的奖品，但可以伸手进去摸，抓到哪个，想要就可以拿出来。拿出来就不能再换。”
"Yes." The clerk led the two to a large box of about one cubic meter and introduced: "This is a magic box, which has blast magic in it, and will blow the contents around, and the lottery people can't see the prizes inside, but they can reach in and touch it, catch it, and take it out if you want it." If you take it out, you can't change it again. ”
“里面都有些什么？”其他客人也被吸引过来，纷纷问道。
"What's in there?" The other guests were also attracted and asked.
店员：“什么都可能有，包罗万象。告诉你们一个秘密，我们店主喜欢淘宝，但他眼力不行，有时候淘到的东西，他也无法分辨价值，就统统丢到了这个魔法箱里。我们店主还有些粗心大意，上次他把自己的钱袋也扔了进去，结果被客人摸了去，那里面可是有一百多金币呢。”
Clerk: "Anything can be, it's everything." I'll tell you a secret, our shopkeeper likes to treasure treasures, but his eyesight is not good, and sometimes he can't distinguish the value of the things he finds, so he throws them all into this magic box. Our shopkeeper was a little careless, and last time he threw his money bag into it, but it was touched by a customer, and there were more than 100 gold coins in it. ”
客人们哗然，哄笑，都不相信店员说的话。 The customers were in an uproar, laughing, and didn't believe what the clerk said.
店员也不辩驳，反正能在店内一次性消费百枚金币以上的客人也不多，这个盲抽魔法箱也就是个噱头，十天半个月也不一定有人抽一次，店员们压根没指望靠这个来吸引客人。
The clerk didn't argue, anyway, there are not many customers who can spend more than 100 gold coins in the store at one time, this blind magic box is also a gimmick, and no one may smoke it once in ten days and half a month, and the clerks don't expect to rely on this to attract customers.
有时候店员如果看某个客人不顺眼，对方哪怕消费金额达到了抽奖的额度，他们也会故意遗忘。
Sometimes if the clerk looks at a customer unpleasantly, even if the other party spends more than the amount of the lottery, they will deliberately forget.
这次一来是看两兄弟能让他赚不少提成，二来是看在以后说不定是同校的份上，该店员这才点出有抽奖的事。
This time, I came to see that the two brothers could make him earn a lot of commissions, and secondly, to see that it might be for the sake of the same school in the future, so the clerk pointed out that there was a lottery.
王叶撸起袖子，满脸兴奋。盲抽啊，这个他在行！ Wang Ye rolled up his sleeves, his face full of excitement. Blind smoking, he's good at this!
店员示意王叶随时可以伸手进去盲抽：“每次盲抽，必须在一分钟内决定，超过时间就当你放弃一次，记住哦。现在开始！”
The clerk motioned to Wang Ye to reach in at any time and draw blindly: "Every time you draw blindly, you must decide within one minute, and when you give up once after the time, remember." Start now! ”
王叶立刻把手伸进了抽奖洞里。 Wang Ye immediately put his hand into the lottery hole.
箱子里面果然有不少东西飞来飞去，王叶伸手抓住一个，施展鉴定术……
Sure enough, there were a lot of things flying around in the box, and Wang Ye reached out and grabbed one of them, and performed the identification technique......
不到三十秒，王叶就把手拔出来。 In less than thirty seconds, Wang Ye pulled out his hand.
“摸到什么了？”雷木和店员都探头来看。 "What did you touch?" Remu and the clerk both looked in.
其他客人也十分好奇。 The other guests were also curious.
王叶摊开手掌，那竟然是一条……鞋带？ Wang Ye spread out his palm, and it turned out to be a ...... Shoelace?
众客人哄笑。 The guests laughed.
雷木摸摸王叶的头，安慰他。真实之眼对于盲抽可没有用武之地。
Lei Mu touched Wang Ye's head and comforted him. The True Eye is useless for blind pumping.
店员也摇头叹息，让王叶赶紧再抽第二次。 The clerk also shook his head and sighed, asking Wang Ye to hurry up and smoke it a second time.
王叶在心里暗笑，心想这些人都没有眼光，他放弃好几个奖品，选了这根鞋带……呸，这当然不是鞋带。
Wang Ye smiled secretly in his heart, thinking that these people had no vision, so he gave up several prizes and chose this shoelace...... Phew, this is certainly not a shoelace.
王叶手伸进魔法箱进行第二次盲抽。 Wang Ye reached into the magic box for the second blind draw.
这次他花了足足一分钟，在店员警告时间到达的同时，他才把手拔出。
This time it took him a full minute, and he pulled his hand out just as the clerk warned him that the time was coming.
这次，他摸到了是一个小瓶子，瓶子里还装着水。 This time, he touched a small bottle with water in it.
店员推测：“这有可能是魔法药剂，也有可能就是一瓶普通的液体，看你运气吧。不过这个小水晶瓶还能值点钱，运气不错。最后一次，希望你手气更好！”
The clerk speculated: "It could be a magic potion, or it could be an ordinary bottle of liquid, depending on your luck." But this little crystal bottle is still worth a little money, and it's lucky. One last time, I hope you have better luck! ”
王叶嘿嘿一笑，自夸：“我手气一向很好。”说着就把手再次伸进魔法箱。
Wang Ye smiled and boasted: "My luck has always been very good. As he spoke, he put his hand in the magic box again.
这个一般般，这个不值钱，这就一张想冒充藏宝图的破兽皮，这个……
This is average, this is worthless, this is a broken animal skin that wants to pretend to be a treasure map, this ......
王叶看到百科全书给出的鉴定结果，顿时握紧了手中之物。
Wang Ye saw the appraisal results given by the encyclopedia, and immediately clenched the things in his hand.
就是你了！ That's you!
第111章 因果卷 Chapter 111: Cause and Effect Volume
店员和店中顾客都在伸头看小孩拿出来的第三样物品。 The clerk and the customer were looking at the third item that the child had brought out.
看完，好些人都发出了失望的叹息。 After reading it, many people let out a sigh of disappointment.
店员忍笑，安慰王小叶：“这本书虽然破了点，但好歹也是一本书。看看，上面还写着药草辨认学。这应该是我们陨星魔法学校魔药学院哪位学长卖出来的旧书，你现在得到了，以后说不定就不用买了。”
The clerk couldn't help but smile and comforted Wang Xiaoye: "Although this book is a little broken, it is still a book." Look, it also says Herb Identification. This should be an old book sold by a senior in the Potions School of Meteorite Magic, you got it now, maybe you won't have to buy it in the future. ”
其他顾客也哈哈笑着说：“是啊，好歹是本讲知识的书，这种书在店里买也要几个金币。小家伙还是赚到了。”
The other customers also laughed and said, "Yes, it's a book about knowledge, and this kind of book costs a few gold coins to buy in the store." The little guy still earned it. ”
王叶：呵！ Wang Ye: Heh!
雷木也摸摸王叶的头，夸奖：“不错，知识最重要。” Lei Mu also touched Wang Ye's head and praised: "Yes, knowledge is the most important." ”
王叶跟着点头：“是，我也这么觉得，所以我别的都没有要，就要它了。”
Wang Ye nodded: "Yes, I think so too, so I don't want anything else, I just want it." ”
两人一狗被店员热情地送出门，还让他们以后想要买什么材料就来找他。
The two of them and a dog were enthusiastically sent out by the clerk, and they asked them to come to him if they wanted to buy any materials in the future.
学校有很多课都讲究实践，虽说课堂上也会发些材料，但那点材料哪够用？绝大多数的学生都需要另外买材料进行练习和学习，陨星城一开始就只是一个为学生服务的商业街道，之后才慢慢发展到现在这种规模。
There are many classes in school that focus on practice, although some materials will be distributed in class, but how can those materials be enough? The vast majority of students need to buy additional materials for practice and study, and Meteor City started out as a commercial street for students, and then slowly grew to its current size.
回到旅馆，两人一进房门，王叶就拉着雷木进了虫巢。 Back at the hotel, as soon as the two entered the door, Wang Ye pulled Lei Mu into the hive.
小奶狗被单独丢到床上。 The puppy was left alone on the bed.
耿明：“……” Geng Ming: "......"
虫巢内，王叶插腰大笑。 Inside the insect nest, Wang Ye laughed.
雷木挑眉：“买到好东西了？” Lei Mu raised his eyebrows: "Got something good?" ”
王叶把三样抽奖来的物品拿出来，先把那鞋带塞给雷木，不无炫耀地说道：“这个你收着，这玩意看着像鞋带，实际上是七级魔兽飞雾死后留下的尸身。”
Wang Ye took out the three items from the lottery, first stuffed the shoelaces to Lei Mu, and said ostentatiously: "You keep this, this thing looks like a shoelace, but it is actually the corpse left behind by the seventh-level demonic beast Feiwu after his death." ”
“七级魔兽飞雾？”雷木惊讶。 "Seventh-level Demonic Beast Flying Mist?" Remu was surprised.
他听过这种魔兽，七级魔兽已经进入高级魔兽的范围，虽然飞雾只被评为七级，实际上八级乃至九级的魔兽都没有敢招惹它的，而且据说这种魔兽比八级和九级的魔兽更难捕捉。
He had heard of this kind of demonic beast, the seventh-level demonic beast had already entered the range of high-level demonic beasts, although the flying mist was only rated as seventh-level, in fact, the eighth-level and even ninth-level demonic beasts did not dare to provoke it, and it was said that this kind of demonic beast was more difficult to catch than the eighth-level and ninth-level demonic beasts.
原因就是因为这东西来无影去无踪，出现的时候往往是一团雾气，等你发现再去追它，它就消失了，而它笼罩过的活物都会彻底消失，实际上就是被飞雾给分解吃掉。
The reason is because this thing comes and goes without a trace, and when it appears, it is often a cloud of mist, and when you find it and chase it, it will disappear, and the living thing it has shrouded will disappear completely, in fact, it will be decomposed and eaten by the flying fog.
如果不是飞雾比较怕火攻，这种魔兽能被评到更高等级。
If it weren't for the fact that Feiwu was more afraid of fire attacks, this kind of magical beast could be rated at a higher level.
可飞雾就算怕火攻，它怕的也不是一般的火。 But even if Feiwu is afraid of fire, it is not afraid of ordinary fire.
而且他从来没听说过有谁能捕捉到飞雾，也从没听说有人得到过飞雾的尸体。
And he'd never heard of anyone who could catch Flying Mist, and he'd never heard of anyone getting Flying Mist's corpse.
原来飞雾死后就是这种模样？ It turns out that Flying Mist is like this after he dies?
王叶洋洋得意：“飞雾尸身隐含魔气，应该很适合你。这东西，你无论是直接吸收，还是将来炼制成魔器，都很不错。也是那店主没眼光，我怀疑他是真把这宝贝当鞋带给随手扔到了抽奖箱里。他原本想坑人，结果……哈哈哈！”
Wang Ye was proud: "The body of the flying mist corpse contains demonic energy, it should be very suitable for you." This thing, whether you absorb it directly or refine it into a magic weapon in the future, is very good. It's also that the shopkeeper has no vision, and I suspect that he really threw this treasure into the lottery box as a shoelace. He originally wanted to trick people, but the result was ...... Hahaha! ”
雷木闻言立刻放出魔种之力细细感受，果然，这飞雾尸体真的很适合魔种能量，他有种吸收了这飞雾尸体会对他大有好处的直觉。
Hearing this, Lei Mu immediately released the power of the demon seed and felt it carefully, sure enough, this flying mist corpse was really suitable for the energy of the demon seed, and he had an intuition that absorbing this flying mist corpse would be of great benefit to him.
雷木这么对王叶说了。 Lei Mu said this to Wang Ye.
王叶高兴：“那你赶紧吸收。这飞雾死了有一段时间，能量都有一点流失，再放就流失更多了。”
Wang Ye was happy: "Then you quickly absorb it." This flying mist has been dead for a while, and the energy has been lost a little, and if it is released again, it will be lost even more. ”
雷木也没跟小叶子客气，当下就开始吸收这飞雾尸体的能量。
Lei Mu didn't say anything polite to Xiao Yezi, and immediately began to absorb the energy of this flying mist corpse.
王叶见雷木闭眼消化飞雾能量，他就去研究那本书去了。
Wang Ye saw that Lei Mu closed his eyes and digested the flying mist energy, so he went to study the book.
王叶宛如抚摸至宝一样温柔地抚摸着这本全部不到二十页，上面还又是油迹、又有被火燎过的痕迹，貌似还被水泡过，边边角角也卷曲得不行，总之松散得像是马上就要烂掉的破书。
Wang Ye gently stroked this book, which was less than twenty pages long, as if he was touching a treasure, and there were still oil stains on it, and there were traces of being burned by fire, it seemed that it had been blistered, and the corners and corners were curled so badly, in short, it was loose like a broken book that was about to rot.
其实百科全书给出的鉴定结果非常简单，只有一句话： In fact, the identification results given by the encyclopedia are very simple, only one sentence:
【《药·草辨认学》，著者余生不定，原本，著于约两百六十年前，价值无法估量，书籍内容需要特殊方法才能展示。】
["Identification of Herbs and Herbs", the author of the rest of his life is uncertain, originally, written about 260 years ago, the value is immeasurable, and the content of the book requires special methods to display. 】
药草辨认学不稀奇，哪怕是著于两百六十年前的古书也不算多稀奇。
The science of herb identification is not unusual, even if it is written two hundred and sixty years ago.
王叶看中的是著作者！ Wang Ye is interested in the author!
余生不定，原名已经无人知晓，从他扬名开始，他就自称余生不定。
The rest of his life is uncertain, his original name is no longer known, and since he became famous, he has claimed that the rest of his life is uncertain.
这位也是千年来唯一一位最接近药圣的人物。 This is also the only person who has been closest to the Medicine Saint for thousands of years.
晚年，余生不定被人称为疯药王。 In his later years, he was called the king of mad medicine for the rest of his life.
他被人称为疯药王的原因，就是因为他在成圣前迷恋上一门术术，迷恋到几乎走火入魔的程度。
The reason why he is known as the King of Mad Medicine is because he was obsessed with a magic before he became holy, and he was so obsessed with it that he almost went mad.
实际上，他也确实走火入魔了，他疯了。这位药王疯掉后就失踪了，谁也不知道他去了哪里，也没人知道他是生是死，以及到底有没有成为药圣。
In fact, he did go crazy, he went crazy. This medicine king disappeared after he went crazy, and no one knows where he went, whether he was alive or dead, and whether he became a medicine saint or not.
他师父闻笛一直对这位疯药王十分推崇，并到处收集这位疯药王的著作，也跟他说过这位疯药王的一些事迹，其中就重点跟他提过疯药王自创的《药·草辨认术》。
His master Wen Di has always admired this mad medicine king very much, and collected the works of this mad medicine king everywhere, and also told him some deeds of this mad medicine king, among which he focused on mentioning to him the "Medicine and Herb Identification Technique" created by the mad medicine king.
对，让只差一步就成圣的余生不定疯掉的术术就是药·草辨认术。
That's right, the technique that makes the rest of your life uncertain and crazy with only one step away from sanctification is the Herb Identification Technique.
何谓药·草辨认术？ What is Herb Identification?
在疯药王看来，一名药师在接触足够多的药草后，就应该能分辨从没有见过的药草的药性，甚至拿到几种陌生药草，就应该知道这几种药草可以制成哪几种药物。
不止植物类，只要是世间万物，就应该都能辨认。草代表植物，药代表其他，故称《药·草辨认术》。
这种能力要让华夏人看，那就跟神农尝百草的能力一样。
If this ability is to be seen by the Chinese people, it is the same as Shennong's ability to taste a hundred herbs.
但神农能从腹部看出百草都有什么效用，那是人家天生的能力。
But Shennong can see from the abdomen what the effect of the herbs is, which is the innate ability of people.
可余生不定这位疯药王却想要把这种近乎神人才能具有的能力变成一门术术，也就是说只要按照他的方法修炼，你就能成为神农！
But for the rest of his life, this mad medicine king wants to turn this ability that is almost a god-man into a technique, which means that as long as you cultivate according to his method, you can become a Shennong!
其实刚开始余生不定说要创造这门术术时，药师界都给出了非常认可并支持的态度。
In fact, at the beginning, when Yu Sheng was not sure to create this technique, the pharmacist community gave a very recognized and supportive attitude.
因为在绝大多数药师看来，知识累积到一定程度是可以变成经验的，而经验可以给专业者带来专业直觉。
Because in the view of the vast majority of pharmacists, the accumulation of knowledge to a certain extent can be turned into experience, and experience can bring professional intuition to professionals.
因此药·草辨认术并不是一门完全不可能实现的术术。 Therefore, the technique of herb identification is not a completely impossible technique to achieve.
但是很多事情都是理论上似乎可以实现，但让你真正去实现时却是千难万难。
But many things seem achievable in theory, but when you actually do it, it's very difficult.
不说其他，余生不定认为想要把药·草辨认术修炼成功，首要条件就是先熟记熟识不下万种药·草。
Not to mention anything else, the rest of my life is uncertain that if you want to successfully cultivate the Medicinal Herb Identification Technique, the first requirement is to memorize and familiarize yourself with no less than 10,000 kinds of medicinal herbs.
熟记熟识万种药和草是什么概念？ What is the concept of memorizing and familiarizing yourself with all kinds of medicines and herbs?
这么说吧，药师学徒大约能认识并熟练运用四五十种药草和药物。
Let's put it this way, an apprentice medicine master can know and use about forty or fifty kinds of herbs and medicines proficiently.
初级药师到高级药师大约能认识并熟练运用四五百种到两千种左右的药草。
From junior pharmacists to senior pharmacists, they can know and skillfully use about four or five hundred to two thousand kinds of medicinal herbs.
大药师、药师导师、药师教授大约能掌握五千种以下。 Great pharmacists, pharmacist instructors, and pharmacist professors can master less than 5,000 varieties.
药帅和药王能掌握的药草数量相差不大，看记忆力，六七千种也是有的，两者最大的区别就在于能否创造新药方。
There is not much difference in the number of herbs that Yao Shuai and Yao Wang can master, looking at memory, there are six or seven thousand kinds, and the biggest difference between the two is whether they can create new prescriptions.
万种，那已经是药圣级别的知识量！ Ten thousand kinds, that is already the amount of knowledge at the level of the Medicine Saint!
而这还只是掌握药·草辨认术这门术术的入门基础。 And this is just the basic foundation for mastering the art of herb identification.
其次，你还要有尝万草万药不会把自己毒死的能力，也就是你自我解毒能力要超高，中毒了还要能分析出你中的是什么毒，又能用什么药去解，并且能及时配出解药，还要能来得及服下去。
Secondly, you must also have the ability to taste all kinds of herbs and medicines without poisoning yourself, that is, your self-detoxification ability must be super high, and if you are poisoned, you must be able to analyze what poison you have, and what medicine can be used to solve it, and you can dispense the antidote in time, and you must be able to take it in time.
第三，药草可不单单指植物，你得对矿石和动物（动物包含昆虫鸟类鱼类等）也要非常了解。
Thirdly, herbs don't just refer to plants, you also need to be very knowledgeable about ores and animals (animals include insects, birds, fish, etc.).
这三者基础都有了，你才有可能把药·草辨认术这门术术修炼成功。
With these three foundations in place, it is possible for you to successfully cultivate the technique of medicinal herb identification.
就问这修炼要求当今世界有几个人能做得到？ I asked, how many people in the world today can do this?
如果真有人能做到这三个条件，那药·草辨认术对他又有多大意义？
If someone can do these three things, how much does the herb identification technique mean to him?
为此，当这门术术的修炼要求传出来后，药师界顿时一改之前的支持和赞成态度，变成觉得余生不定这位药王就是没事找事干。
For this reason, when the cultivation requirements for this technique came out, the pharmacist world suddenly changed its previous attitude of support and approval, and became that it was uncertain that this medicine king would have nothing to do for the rest of his life.
王叶对这门术术并没有追求心，他只是看中这本书是疯药王亲手著作，想要将来送给师父讨他开心。
Wang Ye didn't have the heart to pursue this technique, he just took a fancy to this book being written by the King of Mad Medicine himself, and wanted to give it to his master in the future to make him happy.
王叶把这本破破烂烂的书从头到尾翻了一遍，乍一看这本书就和市面上常见的药草辨认术内容一样，非常粗浅，只从药草表面颜色、味道、形状、生长地等，做了一些归类，以及介绍了几个测试药草药性的常见方法。
Wang Ye flipped through this tattered book from beginning to end, at first glance, this book is the same as the common herb identification content on the market, very shallow, only from the surface color, taste, shape, growth place, etc., made some classifications, and introduced several common methods to test the properties of medicinal herbs.
就这样把这本书送给师父肯定不行，要是不能展示真正的书籍内容，不是给师父添堵吗？
It is definitely not okay to give this book to Master like this, if you can't show the real content of the book, won't it add to Master's blockage?
可他试着给书籍输送能量，书籍没任何变化。 But he tried to send energy to the books, and the books didn't change at all.
他又把书籍对着光线，想要看有没有夹层，没有。 He pointed the book to the light again, trying to see if there was a mezzanine, but no.
他接着又细细感受每一页纸张含有的能量包括精神力，结果什么也没感知到，就像是一本普通书籍。
He then carefully felt the energy and mental power contained in each page, but he didn't perceive anything, just like an ordinary book.
王叶皱眉，折起书本，快速从头到尾翻了一遍，想要换个角度看看书籍变化。
Wang Ye frowned, folded the book, and quickly flipped through it from beginning to end, wanting to see the changes in the book from a different angle.
可不管他尝试多少角度和多少方式，书还是那本破书。 But no matter how many angles and ways he tried, the book was still the same broken book.
他还试着把书页撕开，竟就很轻易地撕开了。 He also tried to tear the pages open, and it was so easy to tear them apart.
现在王叶有点明白为什么这本书上面有火撩水泡的痕迹，还这么破烂了，很可能以前得到这本书的某人也怀疑这本书里暗藏着什么惊天秘密，试图把真正的内容搞出来。
Now Wang Ye somewhat understands why there are traces of fire blisters on this book, and it is still so tattered, it is likely that someone who got this book before also suspected that there was some shocking secret hidden in this book, and tried to get out the real content.
但这本书最后沦落到变成抽奖奖品的地步，可见前面得到他的人都没能真正“打开”这本书。
But the book eventually fell to the point of becoming a lottery prize, which shows that the people who got him before failed to really "open" the book.
王叶又把这本书从头到尾仔细看了一遍，这本书不管是封面还是底封都没有留下作者名字，也没有编撰者的名字。
Wang Ye carefully read the book from beginning to end, and the book did not leave the author's name on either the cover or the bottom cover, nor did it leave the name of the compiler.
那么鉴定术到底是如何鉴定出这本书是余生不定的著作？
So how exactly does identification determine that this book is a book that is indefinite for the rest of your life?
鉴定术其实就是他本人的知识积累，鉴定术能给出这样的结果，就表示他应该知道要如何打开这本书，至少知道如何看到这本书的作者署名在哪里。
Identification is actually his own accumulation of knowledge, and if he can give such a result, it means that he should know how to open the book, or at least know how to see where the author's signature is.
翻了一会儿，王叶忽然心中一动，他打开了因果卷。 After flipping for a while, Wang Ye's heart suddenly moved, and he opened the cause and effect scroll.
他得到宝贝却无法见到宝贝的庐山真面目，有没有可能这本书原本不该属于他？
He got the treasure but couldn't see the true face of the baby, is it possible that this book should not have belonged to him?
王叶看向他和这本书的因果。 Wang Ye looked at him and the cause and effect of this book.
他在杂货店购物，得到抽奖机会，抽中这本书，就因果而言，这是一个完整的因果圈，没有谁欠谁。
He shopped at the grocery store, got a raffle, won the book, and in terms of cause and effect, it was a complete circle of cause and effect, and no one owed anyone.
他得到这本书的缘由和方式都十分正当，所以也没有什么后顾之忧。
The reason and the way he got this book are very legitimate, so he has no worries.
但是…… But......
王叶对比他之前得到的一些东西，比如虫巢和养魂贝和远古巨兽相关的物品等。他忽然发现这本书和他之间的因果线，比起虫巢之类物品和他之间的因果线，颜色要浅得多，粗细也细得多。
Wang Ye compared some of the things he had obtained before, such as the insect nest and the items related to the soul nurturing shell and the ancient giant beast. He suddenly discovered that the causal line between the book and him was much lighter in color and much thinner than the causal line between items like the hive and him.
为什么他以前就没有注意到这些细节？ Why hadn't he noticed these details before?
看来他还是不够重视也不够了解他的因果卷，以至于没有挖掘出它的更多功用。
It seems that he still doesn't pay enough attention or know enough about his causal scroll to dig into its more utility.
发现了这点后，王叶更加仔细对比这本书和其他物品在因果卷上的区别。
After discovering this, Wang Ye compared the difference between this book and other items in the cause and effect scroll more carefully.
当他的手指点中因果卷上这本书的名字时，他心中想着如果能看到上辈子的因果就好了。
When his finger pointed to the name of the book on the Cause and Effect Scroll, he thought to himself if he could see the cause and effect of his previous life.
就在这时，他眼前突然出现了这本书的重影。 At this moment, the ghost of the book suddenly appeared in front of his eyes.
他试着分开重影，竟然真的分开了。上面一层重影描述了他和这本书现在的因果关系，但下一层重影却是……
He tried to separate the ghost, and it turned out to be separated. The upper layer describes the causal relationship between him and the book, but the next layer is......
等等！难道他这本因果卷还能展示上辈子已经发生过的因果关系？
Wait a minute! Could it be that his book of cause and effect can still show the cause and effect relationships that have already happened in his previous life?
王叶顿时心跳如擂鼓。 Wang Ye's heart suddenly beat like a drum.
细想，这并不是不可能。 When you think about it, it's not impossible.
因为因果技能是跟他灵魂绑定，因果卷只是因果技能的一种展现，而上辈子他确确实实经历过，那么因果卷会记下上辈子直到他死亡为止的因果关系也是很正常的事情。
Because the causal skill is bound to his soul, the causal scroll is just a manifestation of the causal skill, and he has indeed experienced it in the previous life, so it is normal for the causal scroll to record the causal relationship in the previous life until his death.
王叶开始做实验，他把手指转移到虫巢上，心里想着要看到上辈子该虫巢的因果关系。
Wang Ye began to do the experiment, he shifted his finger to the hive, thinking that he wanted to see the cause and effect of the hive in his previous life.
结果他真的再次看到了重影！ As a result, he really saw the ghost again!
王叶点击下层重影，该虫巢上辈子发生了什么事在他脑中飞速展现。
Wang Ye clicked on the lower ghost, and what happened in the previous life of the hive quickly unfolded in his mind.
上辈子，该虫巢没有被他发现，最后被当做王虫虫巢的营养品给吸收了。
In his previous life, the hive was not discovered by him, and was finally absorbed as a nutrient for the king bug's hive.
王叶又选择其他物品，查看它们上辈子的因果关系。 Wang Ye chose other items to check the cause and effect relationship between them in their previous lives.
真的都有！ It's really all there!
但他点不开重影了，他开始感到头昏眼花，血液不断往下降落。
But he couldn't turn on the ghosting, and he began to feel dizzy, and the blood kept falling.
王叶手指颤抖，他知道自己现在能量极度匮乏，但他还是把手指移到了雷木的名字上。
Wang Ye's fingers trembled, he knew that he was extremely lacking in energy now, but he still moved his finger to Lei Mu's name.
他想知道雷木上辈子到底因为什么失去了自己的意识，又是在什么时候变成的傀儡。
He wanted to know why Reimu lost his consciousness in his previous life, and when did he become a puppet.
咕咚！王叶倒地，昏了过去。 Boom! Wang Ye fell to the ground and fainted.
两个小时后，把飞雾尸体能量吸收得一干二净的雷木睁开眼睛。
Two hours later, Lei Mu, who had absorbed all the energy of the Flying Mist corpse, opened his eyes.
那根鞋带也变成灰烬落到地上。 The lace also turned to ashes and fell to the ground.
“小叶子！”雷木看到昏倒在地上的王叶，吓了一大跳，连忙把人抱了起来。
"Little Leaf!" Lei Mu was startled when he saw Wang Ye who had fainted on the ground, and hurriedly picked him up.
王叶醒过来时，卧室里只有他一个人。 When Wang Ye woke up, he was the only one in the bedroom.
王叶呆坐片刻，挥手打开因果卷，看着上面雷木的名字，轻轻叹了口气。
Wang Ye sat for a moment, waved his hand to open the cause and effect scroll, looked at Lei Mu's name on it, and sighed softly.
他现在还无法查看生物的上辈子因果关系，尤其是智慧生物。
He was still unable to see the causal relationships of living beings, especially intelligent beings.
可能是因为智慧生物的因果关系更复杂、牵涉更多吧。 It may be because the causal relationship of intelligent beings is more complex and involved.
就是非生物，他也不能查看太多，目前的测试结果是只能看一到两个，看一个就会消耗他大量能量包括精神力，两个就是他的极限。
Even if it is a non-living thing, he can't look too much, the current test result is that he can only see one or two, and looking at one will consume a lot of his energy, including mental power, and two is his limit.
而且能量好补充，缺损的精神力想要补充回来就比较麻烦了。
Moreover, the energy is easy to replenish, and it is more troublesome to replenish the missing mental power.
“你醒了？”雷木推门进来。 "Are you awake?" Remu pushed the door in.
他刚才一直陪着小叶子，想要方便才出去。 He had been accompanying Xiao Yezi just now, and he wanted to go out only if it was convenient.
“木木，我头疼。”王叶滚到雷木怀里抱着头喊疼。 "Mumu, I have a headache." Wang Ye rolled into Lei Mu's arms and hugged his head and shouted that it hurt.
雷木心疼，给他按揉太阳穴和后颈。 Lei Mu was distressed and rubbed his temples and the back of his neck.
十来分钟后，雷木看王小叶像是好了一点，这才问他：“你刚才是怎么回事？是不是你拿到的另外两样奖品有问题？”
Ten minutes later, Lei Mu saw that Wang Xiaoye seemed to be a little better, and then asked him, "What happened to you just now?" Is there a problem with the other two prizes you won? ”
“……算是吧。”王叶摸出那个小水晶瓶，蔫蔫地道：“这是精神力补充药剂，初级。”
“…… Sort of. Wang Ye took out the small crystal bottle and said wiltedly: "This is a spiritual power replenishing potion, primary." ”
“那不正适合现在的你？你头疼是因为精神力使用过度吧？”雷木一下就猜到原因。
"Isn't that the right fit for you right now? You have a headache because of overuse of mental power, right? Reimu immediately guessed the reason.
王叶更加有气无力：“是啊。原本还想留着关键时候使用，没想到就这么浪费了。”
Wang Ye was even more weak: "Yes." Originally, I wanted to save it for a critical time, but I didn't expect it to be wasted. ”
雷木失笑：“给你自己用怎么能叫浪费？” Lei Mu smiled: "How can it be called a waste for your own use?" ”
王叶哼哼：“本来可以留下来的。” Wang Ye snorted: "It could have stayed." ”
“喝吧，别犹豫了，不过是抽奖得来的。”雷木拿过小水晶瓶，打开，示意王小叶张嘴。
"Drink, don't hesitate, it's just a lottery." Lei Mu took the small crystal bottle, opened it, and motioned for Wang Xiaoye to open his mouth.
王叶只好乖乖张开嘴巴。 Wang Ye had no choice but to open his mouth obediently.
雷木把一小瓶精神力补充药剂全部倒入他嘴里。 Lei Mu poured a small bottle of spiritual power replenishment potion into his mouth.
王叶喝下，砸吧砸吧嘴，评价：“不好喝。” Wang Ye drank it, smashed it, smashed it, and commented: "It's not delicious." ”
雷木捏捏他的耳朵，“是不是还不舒服？你藏起来的养魂液呢？也喝了吧。”
Remu pinched his ears, "Isn't it uncomfortable?" Where's the soul nourishing liquid you've hidden? Drink it too. ”
王叶顿时心疼，小声叫：“不！贝贝太小气了，要用一人份量的无垢洗髓液原液才肯换那么一点点养魂液给我。我还想积累材料，给你也用一次，再给它，你要等多久？我这只是精神力使用过度，不是精神源受损，等休息好了，慢慢也就恢复了，没必要浪费养魂液。再说我已经喝了一瓶精神力补充药剂，你知道这种魔法药剂多贵吗？”
Wang Ye was suddenly distressed, and whispered: "No! Bei Bei is too stingy, and he has to use one person's amount of Innocent Pulp Cleansing Liquid to exchange for that little bit of soul nourishing liquid for me. I still want to accumulate materials, use it for you once, and give it again, how long will you wait? I'm just overusing my spiritual power, not that my spiritual source is damaged, and when I get rested, I will slowly recover, and there is no need to waste soul nourishing liquid. Besides, I've already drunk a bottle of mental power replenishing potion, do you know how expensive this magic potion is? ”
雷木实在拿他没办法：“我又不急。你别犯傻，身体是你自己的，是谁说只要有条件就一定要让自己保持在最好状态的？”
Lei Mu really can't help him: "I'm not in a hurry. Don't be stupid, your body is your own, who said that as long as you have the conditions, you must keep yourself in the best condition? ”
王叶颤抖……他真的不想浪费那么珍贵的养魂液啊，可是他的头真的好疼。
Wang Ye trembled...... He really didn't want to waste such a precious soul nourishing liquid, but his head really hurt.
他可是有无痛症的人，现在他竟然感觉到了头疼，还很剧烈，就说明他不止是精神力使用过度，而是精神源也有些损伤。可惜他现在无法运用精神力查看自己的精神源受损情况。
He is a painless person, and now he actually feels a headache, and it is very intense, which means that he is not only overusing his mental power, but also has some damage to his spiritual source. It's a pity that he can't use his spiritual power to check the damage to his spiritual source now.
“小叶子！”雷木板起脸。 "Little Leaf!" Lei Muban raised his face.
王叶虽然舍不得，但想到他这辈子可是要好好活到老死的，也不敢不重视自己的身体健康，到底还是把藏起来的那点养魂液给拿出来喝了。
Although Wang Ye was reluctant, he thought that he would live well until he died of old age in this life, and he didn't dare to ignore his physical health, so he still took out the little soul nourishing liquid that he had hidden and drank it.
养魂液果然不愧是极品天材地宝，虽然只有一点点原液，但效果是立竿见影，喝下没两秒，王叶的头就不再那么疼了，过了一会儿，他就半点感觉不到痛楚。
The soul nourishing liquid is really worthy of being the best natural treasure, although there is only a little bit of the original liquid, but the effect is immediate, within two seconds of drinking, Wang Ye's head is no longer so painful, after a while, he doesn't feel the pain at all.
“亏了……得找补回来。”王叶咕咕哝哝，连续打了两个呵欠，在雷木催促下，倒头就睡。
"It's a loss...... Gotta make it up. Wang Ye grunted, yawned twice in a row, and fell asleep under Lei Mu's urging.
大约是日有所思夜有所梦，王叶做了一个很长很长的梦，梦中有本书不住地嘲笑他……
It was about a day and a night, Wang Ye had a long, long dream, and there were books in the dream that kept laughing at him......
呵，你等着！ Oh, you wait!
到了小爷手上你还想跑，做梦！ When you get to the master, you still want to run, dream!
第112章 十万点和破书 Chapter 112: One Hundred Thousand Points and Broken Books
这一睡就是一天一夜。 This sleep is a day and a night.
王叶被饿醒了，但他闻到自己身上的味道，忍不住还是先冲了个澡，换了一套干净衣服才跑到楼下找食物。
Wang Ye was woken up by hunger, but he smelled the smell of his body, so he couldn't help but take a shower first, change into a set of clean clothes, and then ran downstairs to find food.
那本书？ The book?
不急，昨晚一夜的梦不是白做的，他已经知道要怎么安全获取这份机缘，就是麻烦了点。
Don't worry, last night's dream was not in vain, he already knows how to get this opportunity safely, it's just a little troublesome.
一楼客厅里，挂壁的六十寸液晶电视正亮着屏幕，下方摆着一台手提电脑，电视里正在播放喜咩咩和灰大狼，喜咩咩正挥舞平底锅追杀某只狼，那狼被他打得嗷嗷叫。
In the living room on the first floor, the 60-inch LCD TV hanging on the wall is lighting up the screen, and a laptop computer is placed below, and the TV is playing Xi Baa and the big gray wolf, Xi Baa is wielding a pan to chase a certain wolf, and the wolf is beaten by him to howl.
金宝儿趴在沙发上看得聚精会神。 Kimbell lay on the sofa and watched intently.
小光和一群浮游光虫就蹲在沙发背上，也被节目吸引得不可自拔，看到王叶下来，没有一个动弹的。
Xiaoguang and a group of planktonic light insects squatted on the back of the sofa, and they were also attracted by the show, and when they saw Wang Ye coming down, none of them moved.
雷木貌似正在厨房里忙活，看到王叶下来，探头出来问他是不是饿了。
Lei Mu seemed to be busy in the kitchen, and when he saw Wang Ye coming down, he came out and asked him if he was hungry.
王叶忙点头。 Wang Ye nodded hurriedly.
雷木让他等一会儿，就又回去忙碌。 Remu told him to wait for a while, and then went back to work.
王叶眯眼看了看对他视若无睹的两小只，故意挡在电视前。
Wang Ye squinted at the two little ones who ignored him, and deliberately blocked in front of the TV.
金宝儿像是这会儿才看到他，愤慨地大叫：“皮卡叽！皮卡叽！”
It seemed that Kimbell had only seen him at this moment, and shouted indignantly: "Pika! Pickup! ”
王叶惊：“这小坑货吃什么了？怎么发出这种叫声？” Wang Ye was surprised: "What did this little pit eat?" How do you make this noise? ”
雷木端着两个盘子从厨房里出来：“可能因为他看了神秘宝贝的动画片？他喜欢那只会放闪电的黄鸭子。”
Remu came out of the kitchen with two plates: "Maybe it's because he watched the cartoon of the mysterious baby?" He loved the yellow duck that could only put lightning. ”
王叶：“那不是黄鸭子……” Wang Ye: "That's not a yellow duck......
金宝儿还在叫，还挥舞小爪子，明显是嫌他挡视线。 Jin Bao'er was still screaming, and waving her little paws, obviously thinking that he was blocking his vision.
王叶后悔。因为雷木喜欢看剧嘛，加上雷木想要学习华语，他就买了电脑和电视，还下载了大量影视剧，包括幼稚的动画片一大堆。
Wang Ye regretted it. Because Lei Mu likes to watch dramas, and Lei Mu wants to learn Chinese, he bought a computer and TV, and downloaded a large number of film and television dramas, including a lot of naïve cartoons.
起先，因为两人经常要忙事情，金宝儿又是个能折腾的，还老喜欢黏着他捣乱，王叶就跟所有现代懒惰的家长一样，利用动画片来转移金宝的注意力。
At first, because the two of them were often busy with things, and Jinbaoer was a toss-up person, and always liked to stick to him to make trouble, Wang Ye, like all modern lazy parents, used cartoons to divert Jinbao's attention.
他这个策略很好，不到几天，金宝儿就变成电视儿童，每天啥也不想干，就想看动画片。
His strategy was very good, and within a few days, Kimber became a TV child, who didn't want to do anything every day, just wanted to watch cartoons.
就连他和雷木把金宝儿丢在虫巢不管他，他也无所谓，只要有电视给他看，金宝儿就什么都好说。
Even if he and Lei Mu left Kimbell in the hive and left him alone, he didn't care, as long as there was a TV for him, Kimbell would be able to say anything.
金宝儿看王叶站在那儿不动，飞快地爬到茶几上，小爪子熟练地戳开牛奶盒封口，再咬着吸管插进去，然后就爬到牛奶盒上，biubiu地吸起牛奶。
Jin Bao'er saw Wang Ye standing there without moving, quickly crawling onto the coffee table, skillfully poking open the seal of the milk carton with her little paws, and then biting the straw and inserting it, and then climbed onto the milk carton and sucked the milk biubiu.
王叶：“……他能喝牛奶了？” Wang Ye: "...... Can he drink milk? ”
雷木放下盘子，无奈地看他：“他能喝很久了，你都没注意。”
Lei Mu put down the plate and looked at him helplessly: "He has been able to drink for a long time, and you haven't paid attention." ”
王叶心想我那么忙，哪有心思管这只四脚蛇。 Wang Ye thought to himself that I was so busy, how could I bother to care about this four-legged snake.
小光飞过来：“咿咿！”走开！别挡住电视。 Xiaoguang flew over: "Babble! "Go away! Don't block the TV.
王叶不爽，但还是走到一边。 Wang Ye was unhappy, but he still stepped aside.
雷木好笑，让王小叶坐下吃饭。 Lei Mu was amused and asked Wang Xiaoye to sit down to eat.
“我想你也差不多该醒了，睡这么长时间肯定饿坏了。”雷木能感觉到王叶的精神力已经趋于平静和稳定。
"I think you're almost time to wake up, you're going to be hungry after sleeping so long." Lei Mu could feel that Wang Ye's spiritual power had become calm and stable.
王叶赶紧抬头看时钟：“我睡了多久？考试时间没过吧？”
Wang Ye hurriedly looked up at the clock: "How long have I slept?" Haven't you passed the exam time? ”
“没有，明天早上才考。” "No, I won't take the test until tomorrow morning."
王叶舒气：“还好还好。” Wang Ye was relieved: "It's okay, it's okay." ”
他可是接了系统发布的任务。在他报名成功后，系统就给他发布了成为陨星魔法学校学生的任务，这个任务可是有三百点的经验值奖励。
He took over the task of the system. After he successfully signed up, the system issued him the task of becoming a student of the Falling Star Magic School, which was rewarded with 300 experience points.
王叶坐到餐桌边，转头就看到金宝爬到手提电脑边，竟然用小爪子操纵鼠标，把进度条往回拉了一些，再点击播放。
Wang Ye sat down at the dining table, turned his head and saw Jinbao crawling to the side of the laptop, actually using his little paws to manipulate the mouse, pull the progress bar back a little, and then click play.
能干了哈！ It's capable!
莫名不爽的王小叶走过去就把电视关了，还把和电脑之间的视频线也给拔了。
Wang Xiaoye, who was inexplicably unhappy, walked over and turned off the TV, and also pulled out the video cable between him and the computer.
“皮卡叽！皮卡叽！” "Pickup! Pickup! ”
“咿咿！” "Babble!"
金宝和小光一起叫起来。 Jinbao and Hikari shouted together.
王叶抱臂站在电视前，黑着脸教育两小：“你看看你们，小小年纪不知道上进学习，成天就知道看电视。有这个时间，为什么不好好研究你们的种族能力？”
Wang Ye stood in front of the TV with his arms crossed, educating the two elementary schools with a black face: "Look at you, you don't know how to study at a young age, and you know how to watch TV all day long." If you have this time, why don't you study your racial abilities? ”
“小光，我让你们照顾种植区的药草和植物，你们照顾了吗？”
"Xiaoguang, I asked you to take care of the herbs and plants in the planting area, have you taken care of them?"
“咿咿！” "Babble!"
“小又怎么了？松土、浇水、抓虫子，只要你们想，完全可以做得到！不要为你们的偷懒找借口。我养你们可不是让你们天天吃饭睡觉看电视的！”
"What's wrong with the little one? Loosening the soil, watering, catching bugs, you can do it as long as you want! Don't make excuses for your laziness. I didn't raise you to eat, sleep and watch TV every day! ”
“咿咿咿！” "Babble!"
“你还有理了？你说你产的虫蜜有多少是给我的？全给你用来养这只小坑货了。”
"Are you still reasonable? How much of the worm honey you said you produced was for me? It's all up to you to raise this little pit thing. ”
“咿咿！” "Babble!"
“滚蛋吧，这坑货才不是我儿子。我是人，生不出四脚蛇来。他也不是木木生的！”王叶气，又转而炮轰金宝：“还有你，不是我说你，你也是出生好几十天的大孩子了，晚上完全可以自己睡，继续缠着你雷木爸爸像什么话？”
"Fuck off, this shitty isn't my son. I am a human being, and I cannot give birth to a four-legged serpent. He's not born of Mumu either! Wang Ye was angry, and turned to bombard Jinbao: "And you, it's not me talking about you, you are also a big child who has been born for dozens of days, you can sleep by yourself at night, what do you say if you continue to pester your Lei Mu father?" ”
金宝：“噗。” Jinbao: "Poof. ”
“你还对我吐口水？你跟谁学的？以后别想看电视了，都不学好！”
"You're still spitting on me? Who did you learn from? Don't think about watching TV in the future, don't learn well! ”
“皮卡叽……” "Pickup ......"
“皮卡叽个鬼，你给我说人话！” "Pickup, you're talking to me!"
雷木笑得不行：“小叶子，吃饭了。” Lei Mu couldn't laugh: "Little Yezi, it's time to eat." ”
王叶摸摸肚子，指了指两小只，凶凶地道：“你们先好好反省，等我吃饱了，我再好好教训你们。”
Wang Ye touched his stomach, pointed to the two small ones, and said fiercely: "You should reflect on it first, and when I am full, I will teach you a good lesson." ”
两小只跑到雷木身边，央求他把电脑和电视打开。 The two little ones ran to Remu and begged him to turn on the computer and TV.
雷木看看小叶子的神色，心里也觉得不能老让两小一天到晚看电视，就没动。
Lei Mu looked at Xiao Yezi's expression, and felt in his heart that he couldn't let the two children watch TV all day long, so he didn't move.
两小只立刻变得蔫头耷脑。 The two little ones immediately became wilted and drooped.
王叶立刻得意了，还手贱地去拽金宝尾巴。 Wang Ye was immediately proud, and he dragged Jinbao's tail cheaply.
“吃饭。”雷木敲了敲王小叶脑袋。 "Eat." Lei Mu knocked Wang Xiaoye's head.
“哦。”王叶老实了。 "Oh." Wang Ye is honest.
雷木常年自己生活，但他不注重口腹之欲，做饭的水平就是把食物弄熟的程度。
Lei Mu lives on his own all year round, but he doesn't pay attention to appetite, and the level of cooking is the degree of cooking food.
雷木也知道自己做饭手艺一般，他就是蒸了咸肉和香肠，切好装盘，再把王叶买的什锦菜挖了一盘子出来放上餐桌。
Lei Mu also knew that his cooking skills were average, he just steamed the bacon and sausages, cut them and put them on a plate, and then dug up a plate of mixed vegetables that Wang Ye bought and put them on the table.
最后煮上一锅饭，再打个最简单的蛋花汤，齐活。 Finally, cook a pot of rice, and then make the simplest egg drop soup, and live together.
王叶着实饿了，把雷木端上来的菜和煮的一锅饭全都吃完，还觉得没吃饱。
Wang Ye was really hungry, and after eating all the dishes and the pot of rice that Lei Mu had served, he still felt that he was not full.
雷木又从保鲜室里取了一个蛋糕出来——和虫巢就是一体的小叶子哪怕是在昏迷中，也会自然而然对他开放虫巢的使用权限。
Lei Mu took out another cake from the crisper - Xiao Ye, who was one with the hive, would naturally open up the hive's access to him, even if he was unconscious.
雷木刚把蛋糕放到茶几上，王叶正要拿刀切一块，一道金影闪过，金宝一头扑进蛋糕中，就剩两只金色的小爪子和一条金色小尾巴在外面甩啊甩。
Lei Mu had just put the cake on the coffee table, and Wang Ye was about to cut a piece with a knife, when a golden shadow flashed, and Jinbao threw himself into the cake, leaving two golden paws and a small golden tail to flick outside.
这是报复吧？ This is revenge, right?
这绝对是报复！ This is definitely revenge!
王叶气得去拽小金蛇的尾巴。 Wang Ye was so angry that he pulled the tail of the little golden snake.
金宝哧溜一下从蛋糕这头钻到了那头。 Jinbao slipped from one end of the cake to the other.
雷木：“……金宝！” Remu: "...... Campbell! ”
金宝立刻从蛋糕里钻出来，老老实实地趴在桌子上……才怪，他调转身体，就开始啃蛋糕。
Campbell immediately came out of the cake and honestly lay on the table...... Strangely, he turned around and began to nibble on the cake.
王叶把蛋糕盘子转了个圈，伸出手指戳金宝肥起来的小肚子，凶恶地骂：“吃吃吃！就知道吃。看看你才出生几天就胖成什么样了？你可是精灵，现在却像一头猪崽。小爷辛辛苦苦把你孵化出来，你就这样回报小爷的？”
Wang Ye turned the cake plate around, stretched out his finger to poke Jinbao's fat belly, and scolded viciously: "Eat, eat!" Just know how to eat. See what you've become fat just a few days ago? You're an elf, but now you're like a piglet. The master worked hard to hatch you, and you repaid the master like this? ”
“爸~叽~”金宝拔出脑袋，糊着满头满脸的奶油，冲着王叶讨好地笑了笑，又一头埋进蛋糕中。没得电视看，他只能吃了。
"Dad~Hurp~" Jinbao pulled out his head, pasted his face with cream, smiled flatteringly at Wang Ye, and buried his head in the cake again. He didn't have TV to watch, so he had to eat.
王叶：“……” Wang Ye: "......"
雷木惊喜：“金宝儿竟然会叫爸了。” Lei Mu was pleasantly surprised: "Jin Bao'er can call Dad." ”
王叶：“……” Wang Ye: "......"
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王完成精灵蛋孵化任务，小金精灵金宝活泼又健康，特此奖励经验值十万点。】
[Congratulations to the player next door to Xiao Wang for completing the elf egg hatching task, the little golden elf Jinbao is lively and healthy, and the experience value is 100,000 points. 】
王叶叉子差点掉到桌子上：这算什么？意外的惊喜吗？ Wang Ye's fork almost fell on the table: What is this? An unexpected surprise?
他还以为这笔奖励点不会给他了，因为真说起来孵化精灵蛋的应该算是雷木。没想到今天他说自己孵化了精灵蛋，而金宝默认且叫他爸，游戏系统就也跟着承认了……
He also thought that this reward point would not be given to him, because it should be Lei Mu who hatched the elf egg. Unexpectedly, today he said that he hatched an elf egg, and Jinbao defaulted and called him Dad, and the game system also admitted it......
死抠门的系统，如果金宝不承认，这十万点奖励是不是就不打算给他了？
If Jinbao doesn't admit it, isn't the 100,000 reward going to be given to him?
这十万点来得太意外，王叶心情迅速阴转晴。 These 100,000 points came too unexpectedly, and Wang Ye's mood quickly turned cloudy.
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到209279，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到二十级。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, after deducting the experience points that have been used, the player's experience points have accumulated to 209279, meet the upgrade conditions, and the game level will be upgraded to level 20. 】
同时王叶的因果技能树上又点亮一个诅咒类技能【恶有恶报】。
At the same time, Wang Ye's causal skill tree lit up a curse skill [Evil Has Evil Retribution].
现在王叶已经点亮了十个技能，分别是： Now Wang Ye has lit up ten skills, which are:
续航能力【收因结果】，可吸收了结的因果之力。 Endurance [Result of Receiving Causes], which can absorb the power of cause and effect of closure.
治疗能力【生生不息】。 Healing power [endless].
防御能力【因果循环】。
辅助能力轻功【塞翁失马焉知非福】。 Auxiliary ability: Light Gong [Saiong Lost Horse and Knows if it is a blessing].
辅助能力传送术【投桃报李】。 Auxiliary Ability Teleportation [Peach Reciprocation].
控制能力【自投罗网】和【纠缠不休】。
攻击方面则有一级开启的【冤冤相报】、十五级开启的【因小失大】和二十级刚刚开启的【恶有恶报】。
In terms of attack, there is [Retribution for Grievances] that is opened at level 1, [Lost by a small loss] that is opened at level 15, and [Evil Retribution] that has just been opened at level 20.
王叶心情一好，就过去把电脑和电视打开了，也忘记要教训两小，还陪雷木一起看了两集神探狄仁杰。
As soon as Wang Ye was in a good mood, he went over and turned on the computer and TV, and forgot to teach the two children a lesson, and watched two episodes of Detective Di Renjie with Lei Mu.
雷木喜欢这片子，全家反对无效，不过两小和一群浮游光虫也很快就看得津津有味起来，明明他们根本听不懂片子中在说什么……
Lei Mu likes this film, and the whole family opposes it to no avail, but the two children and a group of planktonic light insects quickly watch it with relish, obviously they can't understand what is being said in the film at all......
地球，游戏论坛。 Earth, game forum.
“呵！” "Huh!"
“楼上，我明白你的心情。” "Upstairs, I understand your feelings."
“诸位，淡定，不就是一下飞跃五级嘛，咱们不跟那小王一般见识。”
"Everyone, calm down, isn't it just a leap to the fifth level, let's not be as knowledgeable as that little king."
“忍不住说，其实我也姓王。” "I can't help but say, in fact, my surname is Wang."
“我觉得隔壁小王就是我儿子，真的。” "I think Xiao Wang next door is my son, really."
“我觉得是我哥。” "I think it's my brother."
“其实隔壁小王就是我，只要你们私信我，我可以告诉你们，我快速升级的秘诀。”
"Actually, the little king next door is me, as long as you message me privately, I can tell you the secret of my rapid upgrade."
“楼上滚！” "Get upstairs!"
“骗子滚出！” "Liar get out!"
已经学会上游戏论坛的王沐平常也十分关注隔壁小王的消息，当看到隔壁小王突然从十五级狂飙到二十级，立刻进游戏给他发了一封邮件。
Wang Mu, who has learned to play the game forum, usually pays close attention to the news of Xiao Wang next door, and when he saw that Xiao Wang next door suddenly soared from level fifteen to level twenty, he immediately entered the game and sent him an email.
王叶听到信件提示——他给他姑的信件设定了特别提醒。
Wang Ye heard the letter prompt - he set a special reminder for his aunt's letter.
打开信件，王叶看完内容就噗噗笑个不停，顺手也在游戏内把论坛拉出来看。
When he opened the letter, Wang Ye couldn't stop laughing after reading the content, and he also pulled out the forum in the game to read.
看了几个帖子，他虽然觉得自己本质是个低调的人，但……咳，淡定。
After reading a few posts, although he felt that he was essentially a low-key person, he ...... Ahem, calm down.
淡定的王小叶把他之前搓出来的一些小药丸和药粉丢到了交易行上。
The calm Wang Xiaoye threw some of the small pills and medicinal powder he had rubbed out earlier onto the trading house.
自从他升上十五级，游戏就开启了线上交易行功能。 Since he reached level 15, the game has turned on the online trading house function.
该功能可以不用前往特定地点，可直接在游戏系统中打开交易行，把自己要交易的物品放入交易行，实际上就是打开了一个随身传送盒。
This function allows you to open the trading line directly in the game system without going to a specific location, and put the items you want to trade into the trading line, which is actually opening a portable teleportation box.
有人从交易行买了他的东西，那东西就会直接传送到对方的随身传送盒中，看起来就像是从交易行中拿出来。
Someone buys something from the trading house, and the thing is teleported directly to the other person's carry-on box, which looks like it was taken out of the trading house.
这么方便的交易功能当然要收费，还是两边收，每边都要收取百分之五的手续费。
Of course, such a convenient trading function has to be charged, or both sides are charged, and each side has to charge a 5% handling fee.
这种随身交易行方便归方便，可也非常考验购买者的运气和眼力。
This kind of portable trading is convenient, but it is also a test of the buyer's luck and eyesight.
因为交易行只负责交易，不负责鉴定。 Because the trading bank is only responsible for the transaction, not the appraisal.
王叶很清楚现在的玩家行情，在华夏币与游戏币的兑换还没有在交易行直接出现前，玩家们手头上都没什么钱，所以他开的价格都不贵，基本跟市场价持平，甚至还更便宜一些。
Wang Ye is very clear about the current player market, before the exchange of Huaxia coins and game coins directly appeared in the trading house, players did not have much money on hand, so the price he opened was not expensive, basically the same as the market price, or even cheaper.
王叶又给他姑回了一封信，重点告诉她，他一切都好，短时间内恐怕没法回去，让她不用担心。
Wang Ye replied to his aunt with another letter, telling her that he was all right, and he was afraid that he would not be able to go back in a short time, so she didn't have to worry.
王叶还利用信箱功能给他姑寄了一些常用小药和二十金币。
Wang Ye also used the mailbox function to send his aunt some commonly used small medicines and twenty gold coins.
他没寄太多，一是他姑不是喜欢大手大脚花钱的性子，二是他怕他姑被人盯上。
He didn't send much, first, his aunt didn't like to spend money lavishly, and second, he was afraid that his aunt would be targeted.
不管是玩家还是土著，见财起意的坏蛋并不少见。 Whether you're a player or an indigenous, it's not uncommon for bad guys to get rich.
尤其许多玩家抱着这是游戏的心，发现玩家可以彼此打劫后，对打劫这种行动简直乐此不疲。
In particular, many players have the heart of the game, and after discovering that players can rob each other, they are simply happy to rob each other.
如果不是游戏有防侵犯的功能，更糟糕的事都有可能发生。
If it weren't for the game's anti-aggression features, worse could have happened.
王叶最后还在信件中告诉了他姑几个找任务和学技能的小技巧。
Wang Ye finally told his aunt a few tips for finding tasks and learning skills in the letter.
他姑是个勤劳肯干的，在那个西格要塞找了个给士兵洗衣缝补的工作，虽然收入不高，但好歹有些经验值入账。
His aunt was a hard-working worker, and found a job washing and sewing soldiers in that Sig Fortress, although the income was not high, but some experience points were in the account.
虽然每天进游戏就是干活，还是很辛苦的活计，但因为是全息游戏，他姑新鲜得很，每天上游戏干活比在家里设计首饰还让她开心。
Although entering the game every day is work, it is still very hard work, but because it is a holographic game, his aunt is very fresh, and working in the game every day makes her happier than designing jewelry at home.
他姑还告诉他，有个小队长对她很照顾。又说那小队长看着长得凶，其实人很好云云。
His aunt also told him that there was a squad leader who took good care of her. He also said that the captain looked fierce, but he was actually a very good person.
王叶觉得他姑应该不是喜欢洗衣服，而是春心萌动了。不过这也没什么，他只要他姑开心就好。至于那个小队长……游戏有防侵犯功能，只要他姑不愿意，那小队长也别想占到他姑的便宜。
Wang Ye felt that his aunt should not like to wash clothes, but her heart was budding. But it's nothing, he just wants his aunt to be happy. As for the squad leader...... The game has an anti-invasion function, as long as his aunt is unwilling, the squad leader doesn't want to take advantage of his aunt.
烟花下的寂寞晚上按时上游戏，上游戏前，他先进入论坛看了看。
The loneliness under the fireworks played the game on time at night, and before playing the game, he first entered the forum to take a look.
当看到隔壁小王从十五级一跃为二十级，烟花下的寂寞心里酸了一下，也就放下了。
When I saw Xiao Wang next door jumping from level fifteen to level twenty, the loneliness under the fireworks was sour, and I put it down.
不放下还能怎样呢？ What if you don't put it down?
到现在都没人知道隔壁小王到底在哪里。 Until now, no one knows where Xiao Wang next door is.
烟花下的寂寞又打开交易行，虽然华夏币直接兑换游戏币的功能没有开启，但上有政策下有对策，早就有人想出私下交易的方法。
The loneliness under the fireworks has opened the trading line again, although the function of directly exchanging Huaxia coins for game currency has not been opened, but there are countermeasures under the policy, and someone has long figured out a way to trade privately.
烟花下的寂寞也通过这种私下交易换了一些游戏货币，他用这些游戏货币做本钱，在村里租了一栋房子做豆腐卖，生意竟然还不错，还有村妞看上他。
The loneliness under the fireworks also exchanged for some game currency through this private transaction, and he used these game currencies as capital, rented a house in the village to make tofu and sell it, and the business turned out to be good, and the village girl took a fancy to him.
他不是游戏中做豆腐第一人，就在前不久，就有人发现在游戏中可以实现各种现实世界的工艺，且如果是实业工艺，是对当地发展推动有效果的，只要你能弄出来，给出的经验值就会非常丰厚。
He is not the first person to make tofu in the game, not long ago, someone found that various real-world crafts can be realized in the game, and if it is an industrial craft, it is effective in promoting local development, as long as you can get it, the experience points given will be very rich.
当这个消息传出后，顿时网上就热闹了，多少人寻找做豆腐、做豆油、做肥皂、做香水、做玻璃、做水泥……等等的方法。
When the news came out, the Internet was immediately lively, how many people were looking for tofu, soybean oil, soap, perfume, glass, cement...... And so on.
因为这，这段时间大家的平均游戏等级都齐齐拔高了一到两级。
Because of this, everyone's average game level has increased by one or two levels during this time.
可烟花下的寂寞并不想在游戏中做个豆腐大佬，他的梦想是成为魔法师或者异术师，再不行也要混个武师当当。
But the loneliness under the fireworks doesn't want to be a tofu boss in the game, his dream is to become a magician or a magician, and if he can't do it, he will be a martial artist.
为此，学技能对他就很重要。 For this reason, it is important for him to learn skills.
前天，他听村里一个喜欢他的小丫头跟他说，说附近山里住着一个巫师，这个巫师并不可怕，有时候还会到他们村子来购买一些日常用品。
The day before yesterday, he heard a little girl in the village who liked him tell him that there was a wizard living in the nearby mountains, and that this wizard was not terrible, and sometimes came to their village to buy some daily necessities.
可这段时间那位巫师一直没来，小丫头很担心他是不是遇到什么事了，据说村长等人打算联合过去看看那位巫师。
But during this time, the wizard never came, and the little girl was very worried about whether something had happened to him, and it was said that the village chief and others planned to join forces to see the wizard.
烟花下的寂寞一听新手村附近竟然有巫师，老激动了，觉得他超凡的机会到了。
The loneliness under the fireworks When he heard that there was a wizard near the novice village, Lao was excited, and felt that his extraordinary opportunity had arrived.
可是他没有理由去找那个巫师，村里人也不希望有外人去打扰巫师。而且巫师住处附近危险重重，普通人得不到允许，连巫师住处在哪里都找不到。
But he had no reason to go to the wizard, and the people of the village did not want outsiders to disturb the wizard. Moreover, there are many dangers near the wizard's residence, and ordinary people are not allowed to find where the wizard's residence is.
昨天烟花下的寂寞去找村长了，跟村长说他愿意交出豆腐的制作工艺，只要村长肯带他去见巫师。
Yesterday, Loneliness under the fireworks went to the village chief and told the village chief that he was willing to hand over the tofu making process, as long as the village chief was willing to take him to the wizard.
村长最终被他打动，表示他想去见巫师可以，但必须另外拿出能让巫师动心的礼物。以免巫师看到他带陌生人过去而生气。
The village chief was finally impressed by him, saying that he wanted to go to the wizard, but he had to come up with another gift that would make the wizard happy. lest the wizard be angry when he sees him bringing strangers over.
烟花下的寂寞就愁了一天，他想不到要送什么礼物给巫师能打动巫师收他为徒。
The loneliness under the fireworks was sad for a day, and he couldn't think of any gift to give to the wizard to impress the wizard to take him as an apprentice.
他昨天也上交易行看了，但可能因为玩家等级都不高的缘故，能放到交易行上进行交易的物品不多，价值也都很低。
He also went to the trading house yesterday, but probably because the player's level is not high, there are not many items that can be traded on the trading house, and the value is very low.
紫珠止血粉？ Purple bead hemostatic powder?
海泥美容膏？ Sea mud beauty cream?
海泥石膏绷带？ Sea mud plaster bandage?
烟花下的寂寞看到一连串的新交易物品，再看提供者，全是匿名。
The loneliness under the fireworks sees a barrage of new trading items, and then looks at the provider, all anonymously.
烟花下的寂寞好奇下点击这些物品名，查看它们的功效和价格。
Lonely curiosity under the fireworks, click on the names of these items to see their efficacy and price.
对比前两者，海泥石膏绷带更像是玩家做出来的东西，但也新鲜。
Compared to the first two, the sea mud plaster bandage is more like something made by the player, but it is also fresh.
烟花下的寂寞不知道游戏世界有没有石膏绷带这种东西，但是他觉得也许他可以用这个海泥石膏绷带做为见那位巫师的敲门砖。
Loneliness under the fireworks didn't know if there was such a thing as a plaster plaster bandage in the game world, but he thought that maybe he could use this sea mud plaster bandage as a stepping stone to the wizard.
最重要的是，他已经想不到其他他能负担其价格又比较有新意的礼物。
On top of that, he couldn't think of any other new gift that he could afford.
烟花下的寂寞最终花了十银币，买了一卷海泥石膏绷带。
The loneliness under the fireworks ended up spending ten silver coins on a roll of sea mud plaster bandages.
同一时间，王叶也在想烟花下的寂寞这个玩家。 At the same time, Wang Ye was also thinking about the loneliness of the player under the fireworks.
上辈子，破书会在两年后被玩家烟花下的寂寞抽奖抽走。
In the previous life, the broken book would be drawn by the lonely lottery under the player's fireworks after two years.
可最后打开那本书的并不是烟花下的寂寞，而是这个玩家的老师，一名黑巫师。
But in the end, it wasn't the loneliness under the fireworks that opened the book, but the player's teacher, a dark wizard.
这位巫师学习的是黑魔法，但并没有作天作地，是个偏安一隅只喜欢做研究的典型魔法师。
This wizard studied black magic, but he didn't do anything, and was a typical magician who only liked to do research in a quiet corner.
这位巫师本职并不是药师，对魔药也只是懂个皮毛，但他就是那么好运打开了弟子随手丢在桌上的破书，看到了书的真面目和真实内容。
This wizard is not a pharmacist by his profession, and he only knows a little about potions, but he is so lucky to open the broken book that his disciple casually threw on the table, and see the true face and true content of the book.
这位巫师从此一头钻入魔药学，并且把他学到的都教给了他的弟子烟花下的寂寞。
The wizard descended headfirst into Potions and taught his disciples the loneliness of fireworks.
可很不幸，这对师徒得到这本书的消息不知怎么传了出去，有人找上门，并且是以打杀黑魔法师的名义。
Unfortunately, the news that the pair of masters and apprentices had gotten the book somehow spread, and someone came to the door, and it was in the name of killing the black magician.
那巫师和烟花下的寂寞都被杀死，书也被抢走。 The wizard and the loneliness under the fireworks were killed, and the books were snatched.
可那些抢书杀人的人并不知道烟花下的寂寞是玩家，可以复活。
But those who rob books and kill people don't know that the loneliness under the fireworks is the player and can be resurrected.
复活后的烟花下的寂寞悲痛万分，陷入疯狂状态，到处杀人报复。
The loneliness and grief under the resurrected fireworks are full of grief, and they fall into a state of madness, killing people everywhere for revenge.
最后烟花下的寂寞从现实中兑换了大量钱财，据说他还卖掉了自己的房子，召集了大量玩家，把三个与杀死他老师有关的大魔法家族连根拔起。
In the end, the loneliness under the fireworks was exchanged for a lot of money from reality, and it is said that he also sold his house, gathered a large number of players, and uprooted three large magic families related to the killing of his teacher.
可惜的是，因为烟花下的寂寞的疯狂报复，得到书的人又怎么都打不开那本书，一气之下竟然把那本书给扔进了火山火口中。
It's a pity that because of the crazy revenge of loneliness under the fireworks, the person who got the book couldn't open the book, and in a fit of anger, he threw the book into the crater of the volcano.
“两年……”王叶手指触碰因果卷上他和破书之间那条浅浅的因果线。
"Two years ......" Wang Ye's finger touched the shallow causal line between him and the broken book on the cause and effect scroll.
“两年后，在那位得到你之前，我会把你放回原处，并且会尽力帮助他们，也会帮你尽可能地留存于世。如何？”王叶像是商量一般说道。
"Two years from now, before the One gets you, I will put you back where you were, and I will do my best to help them, and I will help you to survive as long as possible. How is it? Wang Ye said as if discussing.
因果卷也好，那破书也好，都没有给他任何反应。 Whether it was the cause and effect scroll or the broken book, it didn't give him any reaction.
这也在王叶预料之中。 This was also expected by Wang Ye.
但就在他这么决定后，因果卷上他和破书之间的因果线明显加深了一点。
But just after he made this decision, the causal line between him and the broken book on the cause and effect scroll deepened a little.
王叶握拳，有效！ Wang Ye clenched his fist, it worked!
接下来，就是看他能不能打开这本书了。 Next, it's time to see if he can open the book.
很可惜，他虽然看到了这本书上辈子的因果牵扯，但他并没有看到那位巫师到底是用了什么方法打开了这本书。
It's a pity that although he saw the cause and effect of this book in his previous life, he didn't see how the wizard used to open this book.
不过条条大路通罗马，王叶也想到了一个方法。 However, all roads lead to Rome, and Wang Ye also thought of a way.
他打算使用精华提取魔法阵来提取这本书的精华……药师写的书籍，说不定提炼草药精华的魔法阵就有用嘛。
He planned to use the Essence Extraction Magic Array to extract the essence of the book...... The book written by the medicine man, maybe the magic array that extracts the essence of the herbs will be useful.
如果不行，以这本书能留存到现在的本事，应该也不会被轻易毁坏。
If not, with the ability that this book can survive to the present, it should not be easily destroyed.
如果行，他就能看到内容了。 If he does, he'll be able to see the content.
等看到内容，他就把内容全部抄下来，再把书悄悄塞回那家杂货铺的抽奖箱中。
When he saw the contents, he copied them all down and quietly stuffed the book back into the raffle box at the grocery store.
现在的王叶已经不像刚开始，只能用一些非常简陋的物品来准备提炼魔法阵。
Now Wang Ye is not like at the beginning, he can only use some very simple items to prepare and refine the magic array.
这次，他为了一次成功，准备了豪华大餐，豪气地切了一小块光之玉作为启动魔法阵的能源（献祭）。
This time, in order to succeed, he prepared a luxurious feast, and proudly cut a small piece of jade of light as an energy source (sacrifice) to activate the magic array.
阵法开始前，他也不知道哪来的灵感，忽然又拿出几枚自己制作的药丸当做献祭品。
Before the formation began, he didn't know where the inspiration came from, and suddenly took out a few pills he had made as sacrifices.
一切准备就绪。 Everything is ready to go.
破书腾空而起，一阵光芒过后，破书变样，变成了一本有着厚重封面，充满神秘感的魔法书。
The torn book rose into the air, and after a burst of light, the torn book changed into a magic book with a heavy cover and a sense of mystery.
他的方法成功了！ His method worked!
王叶大喜，正要把那本书拿下来。 Wang Ye was overjoyed and was about to take down the book.
书籍忽然化作黑光猛地撞向他的脑袋。 The book suddenly turned into black light and slammed into his head.
等等！不要这么冲动啊，我只是想抄录，我并不想…… Wait a minute! Don't be so impulsive, I just want to transcribe, I don't want to......
王叶脑袋一晕，昏倒前最后一个想法：完了，明天考试我还赶得上吗？
Wang Ye's head was dizzy, and his last thought before fainting: It's over, can I still catch up with the exam tomorrow?
第113章 入学考试 Chapter 113 Entrance Exams
次日早上，一名身材挺拔修长面容酷帅的青年背着一个男孩，来到了陨星魔法学校巨柱前。
The next morning, a tall, slender and handsome young man with a cool face carried a boy on his back and came to the giant pillar of the Meteorite Magic School.
鹏翼眼睛尖，一眼就看到雷木，立马快步走过来，还好奇地看向青年的背部。
Peng Yi's eyes were sharp, and he saw Lei Mu at a glance, and immediately walked over quickly, and looked at the young man's back curiously.
“早。哈哈，你弟弟还没醒吗？” "Early. Haha, isn't your brother awake yet? ”
王叶睁开眼睛，看了眼鹏翼，哼唧，表示他醒着。 Wang Ye opened his eyes, glanced at Peng Yi, and hummed, indicating that he was awake.
鹏翼一看王叶肿了个大红包的额头，吃了一惊：“这是怎么了？”
Peng Yi looked at Wang Ye's swollen forehead and was taken aback: "What's wrong?" ”
雷木忍笑，掩饰道：“有人扔东西，不小心砸到他的额头。”
Lei Mu couldn't help but smile and disguised: "Someone threw something and accidentally hit his forehead." ”
“怎么这么倒霉？不会有人故意的吧。”鹏翼皱起眉头，阴谋论了。
"Why are you so unlucky? No one would have done it on purpose. Peng Yi frowned, conspiracy theory.
雷木摇头：“不是，就是意外。” Lei Mu shook his head: "No, it's an accident." ”
雷木早上看王叶还没起来，进他卧室找他，才发现王小叶四仰八叉地倒在床铺上昏迷不醒中，被子也没盖，额头肿了一个大包，脑袋旁边还有一本破书。
Lei Mu saw that Wang Ye hadn't gotten up in the morning, so he went into his bedroom to look for him, only to find that Wang Xiaoye was lying unconscious on the bed on all fours, the quilt was not covered, his forehead was swollen with a big bag, and there was a broken book next to his head.
雷木花了点时间才把王叶叫醒。 It took Lei Mu a while to wake Wang Ye up.
可王叶整个人都像是没什么精神，让他吃早饭也没吃多少。
But Wang Ye's whole person didn't seem to have much energy, and he didn't eat much for breakfast.
金宝和小光看王叶的样子，竟然还嘲笑他，金宝还爬到小叶子脑袋上，想要戳他额头的肿包，竟然还真的给他戳中了。
Jin Bao and Xiao Guang looked at Wang Ye's appearance, and even laughed at him, Jin Bao also climbed on Xiao Yezi's head and wanted to poke the swollen bag on his forehead, but he really poked him.
雷木过了一会儿才知道小叶子的异术和精神力似乎都出了点问题，竟然暂时用不起来，连给自己疗伤都做不到。
After a while, Lei Mu realized that Xiao Yezi's magic and spiritual power seemed to have something wrong, and he couldn't use it for the time being, and he couldn't even heal himself.
还是雷木找了些消肿的药给他涂上。 Or Lei Mu found some medicine to reduce swelling and applied it to him.
但小叶子额头的伤也不知什么造成的，抹了药竟然没有多大用处。
But the injury on Xiao Yezi's forehead was not caused by anything, and it was useless to smear the medicine.
问小叶子，小叶子就满是怨恨地扔给他一本破书，让他冲厕所里去。
asked Xiao Yezi, and Xiao Yezi threw him a broken book full of resentment and asked him to flush it in the toilet.
书，当然没有被冲厕所，但小叶子也没有解释太多，他似乎连说话都变得吃力。
The book, of course, was not flushed to the toilet, but Xiao Yezi didn't explain too much, and he seemed to have difficulty even speaking.
总之，早上一阵鸡飞狗跳。 In short, there was a flurry of chickens and dogs jumping in the morning.
雷木问王小叶能不能考试。 Lei Mu asked Wang Xiaoye if he could take the exam.
王叶坚持要来。 Wang Ye insisted on coming.
雷木就带他来了。 Remu brought him here.
来学校前还发生了一个小插曲。 There was also a small episode before coming to school.
小奶狗耿明看到雷木和王叶在房间中出现，冲他们非常委屈地呜呜。
Geng Ming, the little milk dog, saw Lei Mu and Wang Ye appear in the room, and whined at them very aggrieved.
雷木在虫巢倒也进出自由，小奶狗的一日三餐都是他安排的。
Lei Mu is also free to enter and exit in the hive, and he arranges the three meals a day for the little milk dog.
但小奶狗单独一个待在房间里，哪里也不能去，实在无聊得很，只能来来回回地走动锻炼自己的四肢。
But the little milk dog stayed alone in the room, couldn't go anywhere, and was really bored, so he could only walk back and forth to exercise his limbs.
王叶也不知道怎么想的，出门前竟然把小奶狗丢进了虫巢里。
Wang Ye didn't know what to think, and before going out, he threw the little milk dog into the hive.
雷木看不到虫巢内部的情景，但也能猜出突然多出一只小奶狗……小狼崽，金宝和小光他们肯定会很好奇，里面现在肯定热闹得很。
Remu couldn't see the inside of the hive, but he could guess that there was suddenly an extra puppy...... Little wolf cubs, Jinbao and Xiaoguang, they must be very curious, and it must be very lively in it now.
王叶趴在雷木背上郁闷无比，看什么都不顺眼。 Wang Ye was lying on Lei Mu's back and was extremely depressed, and he didn't like anything.
他果然一沾他人机缘，马上就会倒霉。 As soon as he touched the opportunity of others, he would be unlucky immediately.
哪怕他想出钻空子的方法。 Even if he comes up with a way to exploit the loopholes.
王叶更极度生气，重生又不是他想重生的……好吧，也许他想了。但既然他能重生，就表示他的出现是合理的，既然他出现是合理的，那他改变这个世界原本某些事情，不也是正常的吗？
Wang Ye was even more extremely angry, and being reborn was not what he wanted to be reborn...... Well, maybe he thought. But since he can be reborn, it means that his appearance is reasonable, and since his appearance is reasonable, isn't it normal for him to change some things in this world?
他能拿到这些所谓的机缘，凭借的不也是他的实力吗？ Isn't it also his strength that he can get these so-called opportunities?
他又没有巧取豪夺！ He didn't take it by chance!
凭什么想给他的才给他，不想给他的就百般折腾他？ Why do you give him what you want to give him, and toss him in every way if you don't want to give him?
上辈子那名巫师无意间打开那破书，也没受到这种强行砸脑袋的待遇啊。
In the previous life, the wizard inadvertently opened the broken book, and he didn't receive this kind of treatment of forcibly smashing his head.
凭什么对他，就是狠狠一砸？ Why smash him hard?
虽然那本书经过那么一砸，就好像在他脑中刻录了一遍，省得他费心抄录了，可是那名巫师为什么就能一页页翻阅？
Although the book seemed to have been burned in his head after such a smash, saving him the trouble of transcribing it, why was the wizard able to flip through the pages?
请注意，这破书虽然借着那一砸，把内容刻录进他的大脑，但并不是说把所有内容都展示给他了，也不是像记忆芯片一样帮他记录下来，而是跟个上锁的密室一样。
Note that although the broken book burned the contents into his brain with that smash, it did not mean that it showed him all the contents, nor did it help him record them like a memory chip, but like a locked secret room.
需要他自己去学习已经展示的内容，背熟记牢、学得融会贯通，才能接着打开下面的内容。
He needs to learn the content that has been shown by himself, memorize it by heart, and learn it well before he can continue to open the following content.
其实这些都还好，这本书最可怕的地方就是学习时间并不是他自己能安排的，而是要随着他脑中那本书的节奏来！
Actually, these are all okay, the most terrifying thing about this book is that the study time is not arranged by himself, but to follow the rhythm of the book in his head!
从昨晚昏过去开始，他就在被强迫学习。 Ever since he passed out last night, he has been forced to study.
不学？ Don't learn?
停下来想休息？ Stop and want to rest?
那书马上就在你脑中折腾，不把你折磨得死去活来老老实实继续学习，它就不会放过你。
The book will be tossed in your mind right away, and it won't let you go until you are tortured to death and continue to study honestly.
也不是说完全没有休息时间，但必须先学习一段，然后接受考试，考试通过了，你才能有一段很短的休息时间。
It's not that there is no break at all, but you have to study for a while and then take the exam, and if you pass the exam, you can have a short break.
王叶都得庆幸自己有点基础，否则他现在百分百还醒不过来，肯定还在被迫背书中。
Wang Ye has to be glad that he has a bit of foundation, otherwise he can't wake up 100% now, and he will definitely be forced to endorse.
换了一般人，这样高强度的强迫填鸭式学习，身体和精神力能吃得消吗？不被折磨死才怪！
Changed to ordinary people, can such a high-intensity forced cramming study be able to withstand the physical and mental strength? It's no wonder if you don't die of torture!
可怜他在打开这本魔法书之前，怎么也没想到这本魔法书竟然就包括了那位疯药王学习辨认术的三个基本要求。
It's a pity that before he opened this magic book, he never thought that this magic book would include the three basic requirements for the mad medicine king to learn the art of identification.
就是那三个所有药师都认为不可能达到的基本要求！ It's the three basic requirements that all pharmacists think are impossible!
疯药王为了实现他创造的术法，他竟然直接就把三个基本要求所包含的知识全部写入这本书中。
In order to realize the spell he created, the Mad Medicine King actually directly wrote all the knowledge contained in the three basic requirements into this book.
明白了吗？那本破破烂烂看起来只有二十几页的书籍实际上根本是由几千也许几万本书籍组成！
Do you understand? That tattered book, which looked like it was only about two dozen pages, was actually made up of thousands, maybe tens of thousands, of books at all!
这些书籍又通过归类分为上中下三套。 These books are further divided into three sets by categorization.
上部，植物、矿物、动物，无所不包。这部也是最基础。
The upper part, plants, minerals, animals, everything. This one is also the most basic.
中部讲炼药术和药方。炼药术从普通制药到魔力炼药，再到精神力炼药。药方从最基础的普通药物到魔法药剂，从良药到毒药，从照本宣科到如何创新。
The middle part talks about alchemy and prescriptions. Alchemy went from ordinary medicine to magic medicine to spiritual power medicine. Prescriptions range from the most basic ordinary drugs to magic potions, from good medicines to poisons, from scripts to how to innovate.
下部是药·草辨认术和一种药师独有的攻击术“万物皆是药”。王叶怀疑这种攻击术很可能是疯药王失踪后创造出来。
In the lower part is the Herb Identification Technique and an attack technique unique to the Yakushi, "Everything is Medicine". Wang Ye suspected that this attack technique was probably created after the disappearance of the Mad Medicine King.
中部和下部还没有对他开放，而中部的开放条件就是把上部所有知识牢记并融会贯通。想学下部，那自然要把上中两部的知识全盘掌握。
The middle and lower parts are not yet open to him, and the opening condition of the middle part is to memorize and integrate all the knowledge of the upper part. If you want to learn the lower part, you must naturally master the knowledge of the upper and middle parts.
呵！ Scold!
这些知识珍贵吗？ Is this knowledge precious?
超级珍贵。 Super precious.
这已经不是一本单单的药草辨认术，而是一套学会了就能通往药圣之路的药学宝典！
This is no longer a mere herb identification technique, but a set of pharmacy books that can lead to the path of the medicine saint after learning it!
但王叶想要吗？ But does Wang Ye want it?
讲真心话，没得到这部“教学药典”前，他如果听说有这么一本包罗万象的药典魔法书，一定会很想弄到手。
但现在他只想把那部“教学药典”从他脑中请出去。
他忽然发现他师父对他的教学方式是那么温柔可亲，他以前竟然还觉得师父教导得太严厉，严厉到有点变态，真是太不应该了！
真正接触到那位疯药王的教学手段后，王叶才知道什么叫真正的变态。
王叶真心后悔了，他为什么非要手贱地在昨天晚上打开那本书？
就算要打开，他为什么要“灵机一动”加入自己制作的药物？
没错，王叶其实在接触脑中教学药典后就已经知道为什么这本书区别对待他和那位巫师了。
就因为那些他自己制作的药物，还有他使用的那个提炼草药精华的魔法阵，让那本该死的教学药典把他错认为了有相当基础的药师。
对待专业者和对待非专业者，那自然是两种教育态度。
而且那本书显然对他的精神力极限在哪里一清二楚，每次都在把他榨干的边缘给予他一定休息时间。
王叶想哭，他从没有想到有一天他会遇到一个超级宝贵的机缘，竟然不想要，还想把它挖出来。
现在他这状态，还能通过学校的入学考试吗？
不管王叶有多郁闷，雷木对他的状态又有多担心，入学考试还是按时举行了。
凡是手持盖章木牌的考生，就能越过任何一根巨柱，进入学校范围。
鹏翼原本想跟两人一起进入学校，临时被人叫走。
鹏翼刚走，又有人靠过来。
“你这是被人揍了？揍得真好，谁这么能干，真想见见啊。”少女站在王叶面前，欣赏他额头的肿包。
王叶：“……”
雷木看在对方是个女孩的份上，没说什么。重点是他没从女孩身上感觉到恶意，可能就是故意来给小叶子添点堵。
又有两名少年过来，不过他们忌惮雷木，没有说什么难听的话，只是冲着王叶不停地笑。
巴勒吉如也来了，他强忍满心舒爽，特别关心地问：“小兄弟这是怎么了？怎么被人打成这样？唉，其实那天我就看出来，你虽然年龄小，但真的太欠了，怪不得被人打成这样。”
王叶懒得理他。
雷木侧头，冷冷道：“你对我弟有什么意见？”
巴勒吉如微笑，举手，退后一步：“没。我就是看在认识的面上，过来关心一下。考试时间要到了，我就先进去了，祝你们考试顺利。”
王叶看到不远处一对小胖子从打开的马车门中滚出来，立刻催促雷木：“木木，我们先进去。”
雷木早就想进去了，只是被人挡住了而已。
雷木背着王叶，跟随其他学生一起，从两根巨柱之间进入了学校。
巨柱一过，眼前豁然开朗。
众考生首先看到的是一个巨大的广场，广场后面是一栋非常伟岸的城堡式建筑。
而这还只是学校的正大门，那城堡也只是一个接待处。
今天，所有参加入学考试的新考生都将在这座接待城堡中进行考试。
有学长学姐们过来引领他们，把他们带入城堡一楼一座巨大的大厅中。
“座位可以随便坐。笔试将在这里进行，选好座位后，请把你的木牌放到桌面上。”引领的学长好奇地看了王叶好几眼。
“谢谢。”雷木把王叶在一张桌子前放下，低声问他能不能行。
“男人怎么能说不行？放心吧，只是笔试，我没事。”王叶正要伸手拉开凳子坐下，那凳子自动退后两步，等王叶坐下，又自动挪到他屁股下面。
“看，服务周到。你也坐下吧，不用担心我。”王叶摆摆手。
雷木就在王叶身边找了个位子坐下。
考生陆续进入大厅。
双胞胎小胖子和那名小女孩都看到王叶和雷木了，他们很想过来，但考场氛围比较严肃，王叶又闭着眼睛趴在桌子上，三小犹豫了一会儿就没去打扰王叶，而是在他后方找了座位坐下。
没有人来做任何说明，也没有人来鼓励安抚，等到九点整，大厅大门猛然关闭，后面再来的学生就再也无法进来。
而已经进来的学生面前全都多出了一枚卷轴。
卷轴自动打开，上面写有试题，桌面也突然冒出魔法笔一支。
The scroll automatically opened, with test questions written on it, and a magic pen suddenly appeared on the desktop.
大厅一头出现了一个巨大的时钟。 A huge clock appeared at the end of the hall.
时钟是倒计时，考试时间为两个小时。 The clock is a countdown, and the exam duration is two hours.
“哒”，时钟上的数字变成了血一般的鲜红色。 "Da", the numbers on the clock turned a blood-like bright red.
所有考生都明白意思了，拿起魔法笔开始在卷轴上书写。
All the candidates understood what they meant, picked up the magic pen and began to write on the scroll.
王叶也睁开眼睛，拿起魔法笔，提起精神开始做题。 Wang Ye also opened his eyes, picked up the magic pen, lifted his spirit and began to do the question.
魔法学校的入学考试题目在外面也有卖的，但买的人不多，因为每年的考试题都会更换，而且入学考试题内容天马行空什么都内容都可能出现，更会根据学生的答题水平和方向，进行变化，你想预先做准备，几乎不可能。
The entrance exam questions for the magic school are also sold outside, but not many people buy them, because the exam questions will change every year, and the content of the entrance exam questions will appear in any way, and it will change according to the level and direction of the students' answers, and it is almost impossible if you want to prepare in advance.
针对陨星魔法学校的入学笔试，众考生唯一可以做的就是学好自己平时学的知识，并尽量在考试时发挥出来。
For the entrance written examination of the Falling Star Magic School, the only thing candidates can do is to learn what they usually learn and try to show it in the exam.
王叶按揉太阳穴，他脑中那本书又开始折腾了。他得进行下一章的学习。
Wang Ye rubbed his temples, and the book in his mind began to toss again. He'll have to move on to the next chapter.
王叶只能分心二用，一边做考题，一边记忆那本书展现出来的新内容。
Wang Ye could only be distracted, doing exam questions while memorizing the new content shown in the book.
可那本书不知道是不是察觉出他不专心，竟然在他背过一遍后也开始出考题。
But I don't know if the book noticed that he was not paying attention, and even began to produce exam questions after he memorized it once.
王叶：尼玛！ Wang Ye: Nima!
一名身穿魔法师衣袍的人从他身边走过。 A man dressed in a magician's robe walked past him.
王叶压根就没注意到，他的全副心神都用在做考题上了，两份考题，桌上一份，脑中一份！
Wang Ye didn't notice at all, his whole mind was spent on doing exam questions, two exam questions, one on the table and one in the brain!
过了一会儿，又一名宽袍大袖的人从他面前走过，似乎还在他面前驻足了一会儿。
After a while, another man with a wide robe and big sleeves walked past him, and seemed to stop in front of him for a moment.
王叶忽视。 Wang Ye ignored.
卷轴越来越长，拖下去的卷轴自动卷起。 The reels are getting longer and longer, and the reels that are dragged down automatically roll up.
题目从基础魔法知识、贵族礼仪、国家名称、地理状态、魔兽、魔植、药草、矿石、魔器……只有你想不到的，就没有卷轴上不可能出现的。
The topics range from basic magical knowledge, aristocratic etiquette, country names, geographical status, magical beasts, magic plants, medicinal herbs, ores, magic weapons, and ...... There is nothing that you can't think of, and there is nothing that can't appear on the reels.
有些题目王叶完全不会做，就直接忽略过去，继续看下一题。
There are some questions that Wang Ye doesn't know how to do at all, so he just ignores the past and continues to look at the next question.
他学的很杂，加上为了掌握鉴定术，他很多学科的基础打得都很牢，起先，卷轴上的绝大多数题目都难不倒他。
He studied a lot of things, and in order to master the art of identification, he had a solid foundation in many subjects, and at first, most of the questions on the scroll could not be difficult for him.
可随着他答题越多，卷轴上出现的题目就越难而且偏僻。
But the more questions he answered, the more difficult and remote the questions appeared on the scroll.
偏偏脑中那本书分走他大半精力和注意力，导致他无法专心去分析题目内容，有些似是而非的题，他写完也不知道正确与否。
However, the book in his head took away most of his energy and attention, causing him to be unable to concentrate on analyzing the content of the topic, and there were some specious questions, and he didn't know whether it was correct or not after he finished writing.
这道题很偏，这道题也很偏，为什么会接连出现这么多偏僻的题目？还都是与药草有关？
This question is very biased, this question is also very biased, why are there so many remote questions one after another? Or is it all about herbs?
考这些，还没入学的学生真的能知道？ Can students who have not yet enrolled in school really know about these?
王叶一边腹诽，一边把答案填写到卷面上。 Wang Ye scolded while filling in the answer on the paper.
接下来一题就更讨厌了，竟然问一种极为少见的药草哪个部位能用，又要怎么处理，还问到如果该草药如果碰到寄生草会有什么变化。
The next question was even more annoying, asking which part of an extremely rare herb can be used, how to deal with it, and what would happen if the herb touched a parasitic grass.
这种生涩又超偏的题，药师导师都不一定能回答出来。幸好他昨晚刚刚在脑中教学药典学过，记得还很牢。
This kind of jerky and ultra-biased question may not be able to be answered by pharmacist tutors. Fortunately, he had just taught pharmacopoeia in his head last night, and he still remembered it very well.
此时，一群学校教授正在魔法水镜前观察大厅中那些笔试的学生。
At this time, a group of school professors were in front of the magic water mirror to observe the students in the hall who were taking the written exam.
有些教授手中赫然拿着半截卷轴，这些半截卷轴都是那些学生已经写完的题目。
Some professors have half-scrolls in their hands that are the ones that the students have already written.
“那小兔崽子是怎么回事？被人打了吗？” "What's the matter with the little bunny? Have you been beaten? ”
“他前面答得还行，这个年纪有这样丰富的知识储备，确实称得上天才。可是后面，他是后力不济，还是答不出来了？你看他写的都是什么？哪种药不取根茎叶果花，竟然只取叶上霜？还遇到寄生草就会同化？明明应该填枯萎好吧，这么简单的题都能搞错。”
He answered okay before, and with such a rich knowledge reserve at this age, he can indeed be called a genius. But later, is he unable to do so, or can't answer? What do you see he wrote? Which medicine does not take roots, stems, leaves, fruits and flowers, but only takes the leaves and frosts? Will it assimilate when it encounters parasitic grass? Obviously, you should fill in the withering, okay, you can get such a simple question wrong. ”
“你看他满头冷汗，应该是伤势影响了他的判断力。他伤的可是脑袋。”
"You can see that he is covered in cold sweat, it should be that the injury has affected his judgment. He hurt his head. ”
“他会用药，他和他那个混血同伴也都有空间储物工具，前天下午还在药草店和杂货铺买了不少东西，不可能买不起治疗那肿包的药物，他为什么还顶着那伤口？”
"He knows how to use medicine, he and his half-breed companion also have space to store tools, and he bought a lot of things at the herb store and grocery store the afternoon before yesterday, it is impossible to buy medicine to treat that swollen bag, why is he still holding that wound?"
“不可能是故意博同情，没必要。” "It can't be a deliberate sympathy, it's not necessary."
“那就是那肿伤有问题？” "Is there something wrong with the swelling?"
“我过去看看。”有教授忍不住了。 "I'll go take a look." There are professors who can't help it.
一名教授从王叶身边走过，又退回来。 A professor walked past Wang Ye and stepped back.
王叶趴到了桌子上，手里抓着笔，两眼无神地扫过卷轴，嘴里似乎在嘀咕什么。
Wang Ye leaned on the table, holding the pen in his hand, his eyes swept over the scroll blankly, and his mouth seemed to be muttering something.
但考场严禁出声，就连教授也听不清王小叶在嘀咕什么，但看他神情显然不是什么好话。
But it was strictly forbidden to make a sound in the examination room, and even the professor couldn't hear what Wang Xiaoye was muttering, but looking at his expression, it was obviously not a good word.
王叶正在咒骂余生不定这位疯药王，他甚至想要施展因果之力去对付这个不知道是死是活的老疯子！
Wang Ye was cursing the mad medicine king for the rest of his life, and he even wanted to use the power of cause and effect to deal with this old madman who didn't know whether he was dead or alive!
半小时后，又一名教授从王叶身边走过。 Half an hour later, another professor walked past Wang Ye.
王叶已经无力答题，趴在桌子上，闭着眼睛，全部精神都用在应付脑中考题上。
Wang Ye was no longer able to answer the questions, lying on the table, his eyes closed, and all his energy was spent on coping with the exam questions in his head.
其他人看来，就是这小崽子竟然在考试中睡着了。 It seemed to others that it was this little cub who fell asleep during the exam.
水镜房间。 Water mirror room.
众教授都在看答卷，想先一步从考生里面挑出适合的学生。除了王叶，也有不少学生表现很不错，理论知识学得很好，知识面宽广，基础打得很牢靠。
All the professors are looking at the answer sheets, trying to pick out the right students from among the candidates first. In addition to Wang Ye, there are also many students who perform very well, learn theoretical knowledge very well, have a wide range of knowledge, and lay a solid foundation.
一只手突然从一名教授手中把王叶已经答过的卷轴夺过去。
A hand suddenly snatched the scroll that Wang Ye had already answered from the hand of a professor.
“你干什……”答卷突然被夺的教授愤怒出声之际看清来人，闭上了嘴巴。
"What are you doing......" The professor who was suddenly snatched away from the answer sheet was angry and saw the person coming clearly and closed his mouth.
面目严厉到近乎森然苛刻的老人眼睛快速扫过卷轴上的答题，越往下看，他的眉头皱得越紧。
The stern-faced old man's eyes quickly swept over the answers on the scroll, and the more he looked down, the tighter his brow became.
当他发现后面答题忽然变得模糊，有些答案还出现了错别字，再到后来干脆变成一片空白后，老人的那张脸黑得都能吓死人。
When he found that the answers suddenly became blurry, and some of the answers had typos, and then they simply became blank, the old man's face was so black that it scared people to death.
“这张卷子是谁的？”老人问。 "Whose is this roll?" The old man asked.
之前拿着答卷的教授迅速指向水镜。 The professor, who had been holding the answer sheet earlier, quickly pointed to the water mirror.
那里一个大约十岁不到的男孩正趴在桌上昏昏欲睡。 There, a boy under the age of ten was lying on his desk and drowsy.
老人摔下答卷，转身就走了。 The old man dropped the answer sheet, turned around and left.
水镜房间，众教授面面相觑。 In the water mirror room, the professors looked at each other.
“那位怎么来了？” "Why is that guy here?"
“不知道。” "I don't know."
“他看的是谁的答卷？” "Whose answer is he reading?"
“王叶。” "Wang Ye."
“那位看上那小混球了？” "That guy has a crush on that little bastard?"
“不像是……我看倒是挺生气的。” "It's not like ...... I think I'm quite angry. ”
两个小时后，考试结束。 Two hours later, the exam ended.
王叶压在身下的卷轴倏地消失，包括他握在手里的魔法笔。
The scroll that Wang Ye pressed under his body disappeared suddenly, including the magic pen he held in his hand.
雷木走到王小叶身边，弯腰摸了摸小孩的额头，又探了探他的鼻息，松了口气。他能感觉到小叶子满心郁愤，但健康状态应该还好，就是很累很累了。
Lei Mu walked to Wang Xiaoye's side, bent down and touched the child's forehead, and probed his snort again, breathing a sigh of relief. He could feel that Xiao Yezi was full of depression, but his health should be fine, but he was very tired and tired.
雷木刚要把小家伙抱起来，就听到一道严肃的声音在大厅中响起：
Remu was just about to pick up the little one when he heard a serious voice in the hall:
“笔试结束，接下来是实践考试，请所有人在十个数内回到自己的考试座位，拿好你的木牌。十、九……”
"The written test is over, and the next step is the practical test, so please return to your exam seat within ten numbers and get your wooden card. 10.9 ......"
“小叶子，醒醒！”雷木听到王叶咕哝声，迅速把他的木牌塞到他手中，再退回到自己刚才的座位，拿起自己的木牌。
"Little leaf, wake up!" Lei Mu heard Wang Ye's grunting, quickly stuffed his wooden card into his hand, and then retreated to the seat he had just taken and picked up his wooden card.
“……二、一！现在，所有人都会被传送到单独的考核房间，到了那里后，请说出你最擅长的是什么，以及你未来想要学习和发展的方向，具体内容到了那里会有人跟你们详细说明。传送开始！”
“…… Two, one! Now, everyone will be transported to a separate assessment room, where you will be able to tell us what you are best at and where you want to learn and develop in the future, and someone will explain it to you in detail. Teleportation begins! ”
雷木担心地看向王叶，但就在这一瞬间，包括趴在桌子上的王叶，大厅中所有考生全部消失。
第114章 分派学院 Chapter 114: Assign the Academy
实践考核一结束，所有学生都被扔到了城堡前的广场上。
As soon as the practical assessment was over, all the students were thrown into the square in front of the castle.
雷木找到王叶，迅速跑过去，把他从地上拉起来。
王叶像是脱力般坐到地上，雷木过来拉他，他就靠在了对方身上。
Wang Ye sat on the ground as if he had lost his strength, Lei Mu came over to pull him, and he leaned on the other party.
“还很难受？”雷木担心。 "Still uncomfortable?" Reimu worried.
王叶有气无力地说：“凑合。” Wang Ye said weakly: "Make do." ”
雷木看他这种状态，总觉得他的考试结果不太妙，有点不太忍心问。
Looking at his state, Lei Mu always felt that his exam results were not good, and he couldn't bear to ask.
王叶却主动问他：“你考得怎样？” Wang Ye took the initiative to ask him: "How did you do in the exam?" ”
雷木：“还行吧，考官问我进校后想学什么，又擅长什么。我说我擅长打架，想学炼金。他就找人和我打了一架，又提供材料让我现场制作了一个小东西。”
Lei Mu: "It's okay, the examiner asked me what I wanted to study and what I was good at after entering the school." I said I was good at fighting and wanted to learn alchemy. He got into a fight with me and provided me with the materials to make a small thing on the spot. ”
雷木顺势问道：“你呢？” Lei Mu asked, "What about you?" ”
王叶无精打采地道：“跟你差不多。不过考官没问我，他一进来就找了只魔兽，让我和它打，我躺在地上没动，选择认输。考官才问我是不是擅长炼制药物，进学校是不是想学习魔药制作。我说是，他就让我炼制一份我最擅长的药物，我说我现在炼制不出来。他就让我制作一份现在能制作的药物，我跟他说我现在什么药都制作不出来。他看起来好像很想打我。”
Wang Ye said listlessly: "It's almost the same as you." But the examiner didn't ask me, as soon as he came in, he found a monster and asked me to fight it, I lay on the ground and didn't move, choosing to admit defeat. The examiner asked me if I was good at refining medicines, and if I wanted to learn how to make potions when I entered school. I said yes, and he asked me to refine a medicine that I was best at, and I said I couldn't do it now. He asked me to make a medicine that I could make now, and I told him that I couldn't make any medicine right now. He looked like he wanted to hit me. ”
雷木：“……然后呢？” Remu: "...... And then what? ”
王叶：“然后换了一个考官，拿了一些原材料让我辨认，我辨认了大概十几二十样，眼睛花了，就放弃了。那个考官看起来也很想打我的样子。”
Wang Ye: "Then I changed an examiner and took some raw materials for me to identify, I identified about a dozen or twenty kinds, and my eyes were spent, so I gave up." The examiner looked like he wanted to hit me too. ”
雷木安慰他：“没事，如果考试成绩实在不理想，我们也许可以试试申请补考，你这么优秀，学校没有理由不要你。”
Lei Mu comforted him: "It's okay, if the test results are really not satisfactory, we may try to apply for a make-up exam, you are so good, there is no reason why the school does not want you." ”
王叶点头：“我也这么觉得。后来又来了一个考官，” Wang Ye nodded: "I think so too." Then another examiner came,"
雷木：“……又来一个？” Remu: "...... Another one? ”
“是啊，实际上是两个，一个拿着药剂让我感知，问我那是什么药、药效是什么，是魔法药物还是普通药物，药物品质如何，如果能说出配方就更好。”
"Yes, it's actually two, one holds the potion for me to feel, and asks me what kind of medicine it is, what the effect is, whether it is a magic drug or an ordinary drug, what is the quality of the medicine, and it would be better if I could tell the formula."
“那你说出来了吗？” "Did you say it, then?"
“没。我脑袋里塞满了那破书的内容，那是个超级霸道的，根本不允许我分出精力去做其他事情，那考官把那药剂送到我鼻子下面，我也什么都闻不出来。他把我大骂一通，骂我是蠢蛋，骂我是绣花枕头表面光，说我浪费他的时间，气走了。”
"Nope. My head was stuffed with the contents of the broken book, it was super domineering, and I was not allowed to devote my energy to anything else, and the examiner put the potion under my nose, and I couldn't smell anything. He scolded me, called me a fool, scolded me for the glossy surface of an embroidered pillow, said that I was wasting his time, and left in a huff. ”
雷木眼中闪过不快，“没眼光。” Unhappiness flashed in Lei Mu's eyes, "No eyes." ”
“就是，太没眼光了！我这样的人怎么会是绣花枕头？我明明从里到外都杰出不凡。”王叶靠在雷木怀里咕咕哝哝，满腹不爽，他现在刚刚过掉脑中破书给的考核，倒是有精力了，可是学校入学考试也结束了，郁闷！
"It's just, it's so visionless! How can someone like me be an embroidered pillow? I'm an outstanding person inside and out. Wang Ye leaned on Lei Mu's arms and muttered, full of unhappiness, he had just passed the assessment given by the broken book in his brain now, but he had energy, but the school entrance exam was over, depressed!
“那最后一个考官考你什么了？”雷木看有人向他们走过来，干脆抱着王叶走到一边，在一条长凳上坐下。
"And what did the last examiner test you?" Seeing someone walking towards them, Lei Mu simply walked to the side with Wang Ye in his arms and sat down on a bench.
王叶两眼迷茫：“不知道啊，当时我难受得躺在地上，有个老头进来，低头看了看我，问我笔试时是不是作弊了。我说没有，他就走了。”
Wang Ye's eyes were confused: "I don't know, I was lying on the ground uncomfortably, and an old man came in, looked down at me, and asked me if I cheated in the written test." I said no, and he left. ”
王叶很不高兴：“我怎么会作弊呢？我这么诚实的人。”
Wang Ye was very unhappy: "How could I cheat?" I'm such an honest person. ”
雷木正要说什么，广场上空突然出现了一名魔法师。 Remu was about to say something when a magician suddenly appeared in the sky above the square.
“诸位，现在宣布诸位的入学考试成绩，结合之前的表现，拿到木牌的人即获得我校的入学资格，没有拿到木牌的人将会被统一送出学校。”
"Ladies and gentlemen, now announce your entrance exam results, combined with your previous performance, those who get the wooden card will get the admission qualification of our school, and those who do not get the wooden card will be sent out of the school."
语毕，天空中突然落下一阵稀稀拉拉的木牌雨。 After finishing speaking, a rain of wooden cards suddenly fell in the sky.
在场将近两百名学生一起仰头伸手，希望这些落下的木牌能有自己一份。
Nearly 200 students present raised their heads and stretched out their hands, hoping that the fallen wooden signs would have their own share.
雷木看到一枚木牌漂浮到他面前，伸手拿了过来，木牌赫然正是之前一直伴随他的那枚，上面还有他的名字。
Lei Mu saw a wooden plaque floating in front of him, and reached out to take it, the wooden plaque was the one that had been with him before, and his name was on it.
木牌雨不到半分钟就结束。 The wooden sign rain ended in less than half a minute.
等不到木牌的人见天空再没有木牌落下，脸上露出失望和痛苦的神色。
Those who couldn't wait for the wooden sign saw that no wooden sign fell in the sky, and their faces showed a look of disappointment and pain.
雷木看王叶也没有拿到木牌，有点不可置信。 Lei Mu saw that Wang Ye didn't get the wooden card, which was a little incredulous.
“啪！” "Smack!"
“嗷！”王叶按住额头肿起来的红包，他感觉不到疼痛，但被人用东西砸了还是知道的，而且那东西刚刚巧砸在他的肿包上。
"Whew!" Wang Ye pressed the swollen red envelope on his forehead, he didn't feel the pain, but he still knew that he had been smashed with something, and that thing had just happened to hit his swollen bag.
雷木想要捡起掉在地上的木牌，结果那木牌竟然避开他的手，自动飞到了王叶的腿上。
Lei Mu wanted to pick up the wooden card that fell on the ground, but the wooden card avoided his hand and automatically flew to Wang Ye's leg.
王叶拿起木牌，低低哼了一声。 Wang Ye picked up the wooden card and snorted lowly.
周围有注意到这一幕的人，尤其是没有接到木牌的人露出了羡慕的神色，还有人因此生出了一些期待，希望还有木牌落下。
There were people around who noticed this scene, especially those who did not receive the wooden card, showed a look of envy, and some people had some expectations because of this, hoping that the wooden card would fall.
但……不可能了，上空的魔法师手指动了动，所有没有拿到木牌的人瞬间就被学校排挤了出去。
But...... It couldn't be, the magician in the sky moved his fingers, and all those who didn't get the wooden cards were instantly squeezed out of the school.
近两百名考生，还只剩下二十三个。 Of the nearly 200 candidates, only twenty-three remained.
二十三名新生互相打量。 Twenty-three freshmen looked at each other.
阳光少年鹏翼兴奋地对雷木和王叶挥手。 Sunshine boy Peng Yi waved excitedly to Lei Mu and Wang Ye.
巴勒吉如对众人环视微笑。
双胞胎小胖墩对着王叶和雷木蹦蹦跳跳，两人旁边站着一个文静的小女孩，小女孩看到雷木和王叶也在，也露出笑容。
除了这五人，雷木还看到几个面熟的，显然都是那辆车上的考生。
雷木暗想：看来他们那一车考生的资质都很不错，竟然有近一半留了下来。
上空那位魔法师再次开口：“你们这批考生资质还不错，昨天两百人就只有六个人留下来。因为报名期还没有结束，你们的入学综合排名要到十一月十一日才会在木牌上显示。”
“现在你们可以翻开木牌反面，上面有你们新学年即将进入的学院和班级。不过这并不是一成不变的，进入学院后，你们将有两次转学院的机会。当然，想要转学院，必须要接受转学院考试，通过才能转。班级更换则是根据你在该班级的学习成绩来决定。”
魔法师负手而立，衣袍猎猎，声音充满威严：“在学校，一班是最好的，九班最差。你们现在就可以看到自己被分到哪个班级。分到一到三班的，不要骄傲自满，你们如果成绩跟不上，学年考核变成倒数，次年就会被踢入其他班级。同样，分到七班到九班的，也不用沮丧，只要你们努力，随时都有追上来的可能。”
“学校实行学分制，你们的入学考试成绩已经折算成学分，同样在木牌上有显示。注意！一旦学分变成负数，你就会被学校劝退。学分越高，获得的资源越多，学校的图书馆、药物、炼金用品、修炼地等，包括教授额外指点，都需要花费学分。学分的具体获取方式，在你们正式入学后会有详细介绍。”
"The school implements a credit system, and your entrance exam results have been converted into credits, which are also displayed on the wooden board. Note! Once the credits become negative, you will be dissuaded by the school. The higher the credits, the more resources you get, and the school's library, medicines, alchemy supplies, cultivation grounds, etc., including additional guidance from professors, all cost credits. The specific method of obtaining credits will be described in detail after your official enrollment. ”
“总而言之，学校的资源只会倾向于努力学习并表现良好的学生，你表现越好，得到的资源就越多，反之，你就会被学校淘汰。”
"All in all, the school's resources will only be skewed towards students who work hard and perform well, the better you perform, the more resources you get, otherwise, you will be eliminated from the school."
上空魔法师说完他想说的，就把现场交给几个明显是高年级的学生，自己挥挥衣袖就走了。
After the magician in the sky said what he wanted to say, he handed the scene to a few students who were obviously seniors, waved his sleeves and left.
几个高年级学生分别代表不同学院。 Several senior students represent different colleges.
“请诸位学弟学妹查看你们的木牌，分到魔法学院的请到我这里来。”一名戴着高级魔法学徒徽章的少年高高举起他的施法道具，那是一只牛角。
"Please check your wooden cards, and those who are assigned to the Academy of Magic, please come to me." A teenager wearing the badge of a senior magic apprentice held his spellcasting prop aloft, which was a bull's horn.
在双月星，并不是所有魔法师都手持魔法杖，魔法杖主要是辅助施法的工具。双月星魔法界有句非常流行的话，叫适合自己才是最好的，这就导致双月星魔法师们手持的施法工具各种各样，有些甚至不用。
In the Twin Moons, not all mages are armed with magic wands, which are primarily used to assist in spell casting. There is a very popular saying in the Twin Moon Star magic world that what suits you is the best, which leads to the fact that the Twin Moon Star mages hold a variety of spell casting tools, some of which are not even used.
紧接着，代表炼金学院、魔药学院、魔法阵学院、魔法卷轴学院和魔法杂学院的学长分别出列。
Immediately afterwards, the seniors representing the Alchemy Academy, the Potions Academy, the Magic Array Academy, the Magic Scroll Academy, and the Magic Miscellaneous Academy were listed separately.
六名学长，六大学院。 Six seniors, six colleges.
王叶不可置信地盯着木牌上显示的一个“杂”字，看了半天。
Wang Ye stared at the word "miscellaneous" displayed on the wooden card in disbelief for a long time.
他怎么会被分到杂学院？ How could he be sorted into a miscellaneous house?
他在学校报名表上填的志向学院明明是魔药学院！ The Aspiration Academy he filled in on the school registration form was obviously the Potions Academy!
雷木倒是求仁得仁，他被分到了炼金学院，还是五班。 Lei Mu was benevolent, and he was assigned to the Alchemy Academy, which was still the fifth class.
雷木对于没有分到一到三班倒不是很在意，毕竟他接触炼金不久，能分到中等的五班作为起点，他觉得正合适。
Lei Mu didn't care very much about not being assigned to one to three shifts, after all, he had not been in contact with alchemy for a long time, and he felt that it was just right to be assigned to the middle fifth class as a starting point.
“你这是被分到了杂学院？”雷木也惊讶。 "You've been assigned to a miscellaneous house?" Remu was also surprised.
王叶淡定不起来了：“怎么搞的？会不会搞错了？” Wang Ye couldn't calm down: "How did you do it?" Could it be a mistake? ”
“没有搞错。就凭你的入学考试成绩，能被分到杂学院就算不错，原本你是要被淘汰的。”一道阴森森的声音在两人耳边响起。
"Make no mistake. Based on your entrance exam scores, it would be good to be sorted into a miscellaneous college, but you were originally going to be eliminated. An eerie voice rang in the ears of the two of them.
两人转头，就看到了那位被他们抢了战利品的驾车人。 The two turned their heads and saw the driver who had been robbed of the loot.
“恭喜两位都顺利进入我校，作为庆祝，是否该把我的炼金工具箱送给我了？”驾车人在送字上加重语气，脸色阴森。
"Congratulations to both of you on entering our school, and as a celebration, should you give me my alchemy toolbox?" The driver accentuated the tone of the message, and his face was gloomy.
“感谢祝贺。”雷木恭恭敬敬道：“开个玩笑而已，前辈莫怪。这个工具箱我们只是暂时保管，请前辈收回。另外，里面用掉的材料都是用来修车了，请前辈知晓。”
"Thanks for the congratulations." Lei Mu said respectfully: "It's just a joke, seniors don't blame." We only keep this toolbox temporarily, please take it back. In addition, the materials used in it are all used to repair the car, so please know from your seniors. ”
驾车人被雷木超级淡定的态度震住，无言地接过自己的炼金工具箱，转身就走。
The driver was shocked by Lei Mu's super calm attitude, took his alchemy toolbox wordlessly, turned around and left.
“等等。”雷木叫住驾车人，语气诚恳地道：“前辈，我们兄弟都是从深山老林出来的，很多规矩不懂。请问这个杂学院是怎么回事？我弟明明报的是魔药学院，怎么会被分到杂学院？”
"Wait." Lei Mu stopped the driver and said in a sincere tone: "Senior, our brothers all came out of the deep mountains and old forests, and we don't understand many rules. What's going on with this miscellaneous college? My brother clearly reported that he was in the Potions Academy, how could he be assigned to the Miscellaneous Academy? ”
驾车人眯了眯眼，扫向拿着木牌黑着脸的王小叶，冷笑：“告诉你们也无妨。这小子实践考核成绩只有十分。十分不是满分，一百才是。而他的笔试……虽然勉强达到合格分，但表现十分古怪，有教授怀疑他作弊。”
The driver squinted, swept to Wang Xiaoye, who was holding a wooden sign with a black face, and sneered: "It's okay to tell you." This kid's practical assessment score is only 10 points. Ten points is not a perfect score, a hundred is. And his written test ...... Although he barely achieved a passing score, his performance was very strange, and some professors suspected him of cheating. ”
王叶气：“胡说八道，你们那么多人看着，现场还有魔法监督，我要怎么作弊？”
Wang Yeqi: "Nonsense, so many of you are watching, and there is a magic supervisor on the scene, how can I cheat?" ”
雷木也强烈不爽，但他还是按住王叶的手，让他不要再说。转而对驾车人道：“请前辈明言，如果学校真有这样的怀疑，我弟可以接受重考。”
Lei Mu was also strongly unhappy, but he still held down Wang Ye's hand and asked him not to say anything more. Turning to the driver, he said, "Please make it clear to the seniors, if the school really has such doubts, my brother can accept the retest." ”
正好王叶这次考试不理想，还不如重考展现实力。 It just so happened that Wang Ye's exam was not ideal this time, so it was better to retake the exam to show his strength.
驾车人阴阴一笑：“学校虽然有监督，但想要作弊总有办法。有种魔法叫临时记忆灌输法，可以让一个人在短时间内接受大量知识，不过只能维持很短时间。当这个魔法失效，被施法的人就会表现出精神不济、行动脱力、头疼脑涨等负面状况。”
The driver smiled darkly: "Although the school has supervision, there is always a way to cheat." There is a magic called temporary memory indoctrination, which allows a person to receive a large amount of knowledge in a short period of time, but only for a short time. When this spell fails, the person being cast will show negative conditions such as lack of energy, loss of energy, headaches, and brain swelling. ”
王叶和雷木：“……” Wang Ye and Lei Mu: "......"
驾车人用下巴指了指王叶：“这小子当时的状况可是非常符合，学校有所怀疑也正常。重考就没必要了，学校也不可能浪费资源为他一个人重考。他如果不服，可以在年底期末考考个好成绩，再申请转院。”
The driver pointed at Wang Ye with his chin: "This kid's condition at that time was very consistent, and it is normal for the school to be suspicious." There is no need to retake the exam, and it is impossible for the school to waste resources to retake the exam for him alone. If he is not satisfied, he can get a good score in the final exam at the end of the year and then apply for a transfer. ”
驾车人似乎很喜欢打击王叶，要走时，又转身道：“至于他会被分到杂院，也是学校根据他的笔试情况进行了合理分配。这位小同学年龄虽小，掌握的知识面却很宽广，虽在药学方面略有偏重，但……谁让他实践考核只有十分呢。学校能把他收下来，也是看在他之前的表现，否则只怀疑他作弊这点，就不会录取他。”
The driver seemed to like to hit Wang Ye very much, and when he was about to leave, he turned around and said, "As for him being assigned to the miscellaneous courtyard, the school has also made a reasonable allocation according to his written test." Although this young student is young, he has a wide range of knowledge, although he is slightly biased in pharmacy, but ...... Who made him practice the assessment only 10 points? The school can accept him because of his previous performance, otherwise he will not be admitted if he is only suspected of cheating. ”
驾车人看到王小叶黑沉沉的小脸蛋，心情总算舒爽了，飘然而去。
When the driver saw Wang Xiaoye's dark and dull face, he was finally relieved and floated away.
王叶嘴唇颤抖：“妈的，太欺负人了。” Wang Ye's lips trembled: "Damn, it's too bullying." ”
雷木明明也很气愤，却又忍不住想笑，摸摸王小叶的脑袋：“你怎么想？要留下吗？如果你不想留，我们可以换一座学校。”
Lei Mu was obviously very angry, but he couldn't help but want to laugh, and touched Wang Xiaoye's head: "What do you think?" Do you want to stay? If you don't want to stay, we can change schools. ”
王叶看着已经到账的三百点经验值，以及新发布的任务，磨磨牙：“留下。杂学院就杂学院。”
Wang Ye looked at the three hundred experience points that had arrived, as well as the newly released tasks, and grinded his teeth: "Stay." Miscellaneous colleges are miscellaneous colleges. ”
冷静想想，也许杂学院刚好适合现在的他。他脑中已经有那本疯子著的疯狂药典教学书，上不上魔药学院也无所谓了。真有需要也还有图书馆，何况他还有一位将来必定会成为药王的师父。
Thinking about it calmly, maybe the Miscellaneous Academy is just right for him now. He already had that crazy pharmacopoeia textbook written by a madman in his head, and it didn't matter if he didn't go to Potions Academy. There is a real need and a library, not to mention that he also has a master who will definitely become the king of medicine in the future.
“那边两位，你们快点，大家都在等你们了。”有学长冲他们喊。
"Hurry up, you two, everyone is waiting for you." Some seniors shouted at them.
雷木拉起王叶，先把王叶送到杂学院学长那边，确定他没问题，才走向炼金学院学长。
Lei Mu picked up Wang Ye and sent Wang Ye to the senior of the Miscellaneous Academy first, making sure that he was okay before walking to the senior of the Alchemy Academy.
杂学院的学长看着被家长送过来还满脸不高兴的小朋友，嘴角抽了抽。
The senior of the miscellaneous academy looked at the children who were still unhappy when they were sent over by their parents, and the corners of their mouths twitched.
希望不是个熊孩子，他就害怕和小孩打交道。 Hopefully not a bear child, he is afraid to deal with children.
“诸位，人员已经到齐，我就先跟诸位介绍一下什么是杂学院。”该学长环视众新生，呵呵一笑：“我知道诸位听到杂学院这个名字就觉得有点低人一等，是不是？”
众新生：就算心里真的这么想，他们也不会说出来啊。
瘦瘦高高的学长不在意地摆摆手：“不用不好意思，我当年的想法跟你们一样，但等你们明白杂学院是什么意思后，你们的想法就会改变。”
众新生都摆出洗耳恭听的架势。
“何谓杂学院？就是诸如魔法炼食、魔法绘画、魔法音乐、魔法雕刻、魔法占卜、灵物召唤、魔兽役使……之类的学科，因为规模缘故不能成立单独学院，学校就把这些学科都放到了一个学院，最后统称杂学院。”
众新生恍然大悟，有些原本就志向于学习相关学科的新生还露出了喜悦神色，他们都被那个杂字给骗了。
瘦高学长又道：“我们学院本来要叫魔法应用学院，但炼金和魔药等学院觉得只要是使用魔法的学院都可以叫魔法应用，最后也不知是谁说出“既然是诸般杂学混合一院，那就叫杂学院吧”，众人觉得合适，这名字就这样定下来了。”
The tall and thin senior said again: "Our academy was originally going to be called the Academy of Magic Application, but the Academy of Alchemy and Potions felt that as long as it was a college that used magic, it could be called a magic application, and in the end, I don't know who said, "Since it is a mixed academy of all kinds of miscellaneous studies, then it should be called a miscellaneous college", everyone thought it was appropriate, and the name was decided. ”
瘦高学长说到这里轻哼了一声，明显对学院的名字也很不满，更像是对炼金和魔药学院有怨气。
The tall and thin senior snorted lightly when he said this, obviously dissatisfied with the name of the academy, more like he had a grudge against the alchemy and potions academy.
“咳，虽然学院名称一般，但我们学院的综合实力却是很强的，每年各大魔法学校的综合比赛，我们学院都能取得非常不错的成绩。”
"Ahem, although the name of the academy is average, the comprehensive strength of our academy is very strong, and every year in the comprehensive competition of major magic schools, our academy can achieve very good results."
瘦高学长把杂学院吹嘘了一番，才进入重点：“因为绝大多数进入我们杂学院的新生还无法判定将来要专修哪一门，所以头一年，大家都不分科，只分班。第二年乃至第三年，天赋被激发，或者有了明确专修类，才可以进入专科班级。”
The tall and thin senior boasted about the miscellaneous college before entering the main point: "Because the vast majority of freshmen who enter our miscellaneous college cannot determine which subject to major in the future, in the first year, everyone is not divided into subjects, but only in classes. In the second or even third year, when the talent is stimulated, or there is a clear specialization, you can enter the junior college class. ”
瘦高学长抬起下巴：“因此，我们杂学院头两年的学习任务要比其他学院更重，因为我们学习的科目要多得多。”
The tall and thin senior raised his chin: "Therefore, the study tasks in the first two years of our miscellaneous academy are heavier than those in other colleges, because we study many more subjects. ”
王叶摸下巴。这个杂学院是真正引起他的兴趣了。 Wang Ye touched his chin. This miscellaneous college was really intriguing him.
瘦高学长：“虽然还没到正式入学时间，但学校考虑到很多新生对本地不熟，加上有些学生还需要筹措学费，所以学校决定给予所有已经考试合格的新生一项福利，那就是你们可以免费住进学校十二人的大宿舍，可以一直住到年底最后一天。等到开学日，所有新生宿舍会重新分配。”
Slender senior: "Although it is not yet the official enrollment time, the school takes into account that many new students are not familiar with the local area, and some students still need to raise tuition fees, so the school has decided to give all new students who have passed the examination a benefit, that is, you can live in the school's 12-person dormitory for free, and you can live until the last day of the year." By the first day of school, all freshman dormitories will be reassigned. ”
“现在有意住免费宿舍的同学请跟我走，如果不想住校的，请带上你们的木牌自行离去。等到年底最后一天，请来学校办理入学手续，不要忘记带上你们的学费。”
"If you are interested in living in a free dormitory now, please come with me, and if you don't want to live on campus, please take your wooden sign and leave by yourself. Wait until the last day of the year, please come to the school to check in and don't forget to bring your tuition fees. ”
王叶虽然很想住免费宿舍，但十二人同一间的集体宿舍显然不适合他和雷木，只能心痛放弃。
Although Wang Ye really wanted to live in a free dormitory, the group dormitory for twelve people was obviously not suitable for him and Lei Mu, so he could only give up with heartache.
瘦高学长看有些人已经打算离开，忙叫道：“另外，请千万注意，你们的学生木牌非常重要，既代表你们的学校身份，也是门卡，更是学分和成绩存储魔器。你们什么都能掉，这个木牌绝对不能掉。如果掉了，赶紧到学校申请失效和重办。但木牌重办需要一百学分，以后你们就知道这一百分学分有多难赚到。”
Seeing that some of them were already planning to leave, the tall and thin senior hurriedly shouted: "In addition, please pay attention to the fact that your students' wooden cards are very important, which not only represents your school identity, but also is a door card, and it is also a magic weapon for credit and grade storage." You can drop anything, and this wooden card must not drop. If it is dropped, go to the school to apply for invalidation and reapplication. But it takes 100 credits to redo the wooden card, and you will know how difficult it is to earn that 100 credits later. ”
有新生挤到瘦高学长面前询问问题。 Some freshmen crowded in front of the tall and thin seniors to ask questions.
王叶转身就要去找雷木。 Wang Ye turned around and was about to go to find Lei Mu.
两个小胖墩挡住他，非常高兴地对他喊：“弟，我们是一个学院啊，太好了。你被分到哪个班？”
The two little chubby duns blocked him and shouted to him very happily: "Brother, we are an academy, great." Which class were you placed in? ”
王叶抬手就敲双胞胎的脑袋：“叫王哥！” Wang Ye raised his hand and knocked on the twins' heads: "Call Brother Wang!" ”
王叶也不知道自己被分到了哪个班，低头看向木牌。 Wang Ye didn't know which class he was assigned to, and looked down at the wooden card.
小胖墩弟眼尖，一眼看到：“啊，九班！”
第115章 千木之毒
两小胖墩被分入了二班，可见学校还是比较看好他们的。
The two little chubby dun were divided into the second class, which shows that the school is still more optimistic about them.
而被分到杂学院九班的…… and was assigned to the ninth class of the miscellaneous college......
说得不好听，那就是整个学校的最底层，也是学校最不看好的学生集合地。
To put it mildly, it is the lowest level of the entire school, and it is also the gathering place of the least optimistic students in the school.
两小胖墩还想安慰王小叶。 The two little chubby duns also wanted to comfort Wang Xiaoye.
但王叶气过头了，反而淡定了，摆摆手，露出神秘之色：“九为极之数，九班九班，那才是真正卧虎藏龙之班。这种班级不出天才则罢，一旦出现，必然惊天地泣鬼神。看过话本、听过传奇没有？九成天命之子和世界主角都是从九班这种垃圾班级悄然崛起，这是命运的必然性，不信，你们等着看吧。”
But Wang Ye was too angry, but calmed down, waved his hand, and showed a mysterious look: "Nine is the extreme, nine classes and nine classes, that is the real class of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon." This kind of class is not a genius, but once it appears, it will inevitably be shocking and crying. Have you read the script or heard the legend? Ninety percent of the children of destiny and the protagonists of the world have quietly risen from the garbage class of Class 9, this is the inevitability of fate, don't believe it, you wait and see. ”
两小胖墩被唬住了，小胖墩弟立刻道：“那我们也转入九班。”
The two little chubby duns were frightened, and the little chubby dun brother immediately said, "Then we will also transfer to the ninth class." ”
小胖墩哥忧愁：“现在不行，要转班得等年末考试。” Brother Chubby Dun was worried: "Not now, if you want to change classes, you have to wait for the year-end exam." ”
王叶拍拍两人肉乎乎的小肩膀：“不急，你们先在二班混着，哥哥我先到九班摸摸底，如果真的有发展前途，你们再转进来也不迟。”
Wang Ye patted the fleshy little shoulders of the two of them: "Don't worry, you will mix in the second class first, brother, I will go to the ninth class first to find out, if there is really a future for development, it is not too late for you to transfer in." ”
两小胖墩这才重新高兴起来。 The two little chubby duns were happy again.
旁边听到一两句的大孩子：“……”算了，都是小朋友，不嘲笑他们了。
The eldest child who heard a sentence or two next to him: "......" forget it, they are all children, don't laugh at them.
好几个大孩子同情地看向那个被分到九班的小家伙，这可怜小鬼肯定是被人涮了，要么就是被打击过头傻掉了，竟然以为九班有前途。
Several older children looked sympathetically at the little guy who was assigned to Class 9, this poor little ghost must have been shabu, or he was too beaten and stupid, and thought that Class 9 had a future.
“这种心态很好，我看好你哦。”瘦高学长耳朵尖，竟然听到了王叶和两小胖墩的对话，特意过来给予夸赞和肯定。
"This mentality is very good, I am optimistic about you." The thin and tall senior's ears were sharp, and he actually heard the conversation between Wang Ye and the two little chubby dun, and specially came over to give praise and affirmation.
王叶看瘦高学长忍笑忍得身体颤抖，扭头就走。懒得跟这种见识浅薄的人一般见识！
Wang Ye saw that the thin and tall senior couldn't help but smile and couldn't help but tremble, turned his head and left. Too lazy to see with such a shallow person!
“哈哈哈！”身后传来再也绷不住的大笑声，还不止一道。
"Hahaha!" There was a loud laugh behind him, and there was more than one.
“这几个小孩真好玩。” "These kids are so much fun."
“是啊，今年的学弟很有意思，我还担心那个被分到九班的会哭鼻子呢。你没看他被他大哥送过来时的样子，像是要打人一样。”
"Yes, this year's junior is very interesting, and I'm worried that the one who is assigned to Class 9 will cry. You didn't look at the way he looked when he was sent by his eldest brother, as if he was going to beat someone. ”
“哦？他还有大哥？” "Oh? He still has a big brother? ”
“应该是他大哥，好像被分到炼金学院了，看，就是那边那个。”
"It should be his eldest brother, it seems that he has been assigned to the Alchemy Academy, look, it's the one over there."
“嚯，好帅！” "Wow, so handsome!"
王叶蹿到雷木身边，抓住他的手。 Wang Ye jumped to Lei Mu's side and grabbed his hand.
雷木正好也要找他，看到他，也没和其他人多打交道，就和王叶一起离开了学校。
Lei Mu happened to be looking for him too, and when he saw him, he didn't have much to do with other people, so he left the school with Wang Ye.
鹏翼还想跟两人搭话，问他们要不要一起住十二人间的免费宿舍，结果没赶上。
Peng Yi also wanted to talk to the two and asked them if they wanted to live together in a free dormitory for 12 people, but he didn't catch up.
巴勒吉如看到那些离开学校的新生，暗中摇头。 Balgiru shook his head secretly when he saw the new students who had left the school.
他家里有位堂兄也在这学校学习，从他堂兄传给他的消息来看，这个正式入学前的免费住宿期其实很重要。
He has a cousin who also attends this school, and from the news passed on to him by his cousin, this free accommodation period before officially entering the school is actually very important.
不但是结交其他学生、培养同学感情的最好机会，更能借此机会先一步熟悉学校，如果运气好，甚至能在开学前就把指导教授给定下来。
Not only is it the best opportunity to make friends with other students and develop relationships with classmates, but it is also an opportunity to get acquainted with the school first, and if you are lucky, you can even give the instructor before the start of the semester.
巴勒吉如也看到雷木和王叶离去，但他对这两人实在没什么好感，就没提醒两人。
Baljiru also saw Lei Mu and Wang Ye leaving, but he really didn't have a good impression of these two people, so he didn't remind them.
至于其他人，他只跟两个被分到一班、家境也明显不错的新生分享了这个消息。
As for the others, he only shared the news with two freshmen who had been placed in the same class and whose families were obviously well-off.
那两个新生都很感激他，原本打算离校居住，现在也都选择留下。
The two freshmen were very grateful to him, and they had planned to leave the school to live, but now they also chose to stay.
巴勒吉如又去笼络其他人，他刚才已经问过学长，十二人大宿舍的成员可以自己决定，想和谁住都行，并不按学院分配。他想把愿意和他结交，以及他比较看重的新生，都集中到一个宿舍中。
Baljiru went to gather the others again, he had already asked the seniors just now, the members of the twelve dormitory could decide for themselves, they could live with whomever they wanted, and they were not assigned according to the academy. He wanted to gather all the freshmen who were willing to make friends with him, and who he valued more, into one dormitory.
阳光少年鹏翼性格非常好，虽然主观性很强，但只要你指挥正确，他也很善于听从指挥，也是个不错的笼络对象。
Sunshine boy Peng Yi has a very good personality, although he is very subjective, but as long as you command correctly, he is also very good at following commands, and he is also a good target.
可惜鹏翼已经和他同学院的新生说好，而他们宿舍就只差两人。
It's a pity that Peng Yi has already agreed with the freshmen of his same college, and there are only two people left in their dormitory.
巴勒吉如当然不可能放弃自己才笼络到的新生，去住别的新生宿舍，只好放弃。
Of course, it was impossible for Baljiru to give up the freshmen he had just recruited and go to live in other freshman dormitories, so he had to give up.
两小胖墩被剩下了，两人年龄小，大孩子都不太想和小孩子一起住，怕他们闹腾。
The two little chubby mounds were left, the two were young, and the older children didn't really want to live with the children, for fear that they would make a fuss.
最后还是鹏翼把两个小胖墩拉进了他们的大宿舍中。 In the end, it was Peng Yi who pulled the two little chubby piers into their big dormitory.
至于留下的女孩们无论大小都选择了同一宿舍。 As for the girls who stayed, they all chose the same dormitory, regardless of their size.
住校前，这些新生还要出去和等待的亲人们做交代。学长们特意叮嘱他们必须先办理学校入住手续，否则过了今晚十二点，新生就算有木牌也无法再进入学校，必须等到年底最后一天。
Before living on campus, these new students have to go out and explain to their relatives who are waiting. The seniors specially told them that they must check in to the school first, otherwise after 12 o'clock tonight, the new students will not be able to enter the school even if they have wooden cards, and they must wait until the last day of the year.
不过这些事就和王叶雷木没关系了，他们回到了之前住的旅馆中。
But these things had nothing to do with Wang Ye Leimu, and they returned to the hotel where they stayed before.
只是王叶不知道，在他跨出学校的一刹那，至少有三个教授在叹息。
It's just that Wang Ye didn't know that the moment he stepped out of the school, there were at least three professors sighing.
“这孩子不会被打击坏了吧？” "This kid won't be broken, will he?"
“小兔崽子看起来不像是经受不起打击的样子，可能是贪图享受，不想和太多人住一起。”
"The little bunny doesn't look like he can't stand the blow, maybe he is greedy for enjoyment and doesn't want to live with too many people."
“你们确定了吗？那小子真中了千木之毒？” "Are you sure? That kid really fell victim to the poison of a thousand trees? ”
“院长亲自看过了，说是。到底是不是，看他下次来学校，额头的肿包有没有消下去就知道。”
"The dean has seen it himself and said yes. Whether it is or not, it depends on whether the swollen on his forehead has subsided next time he comes to school. ”
“谁这么狠毒，对一个小孩子下这种毒？那可是十大无解之毒啊！还专门毁坏一个人的资质。”
"Who is so vicious as to poison a child like this? That's the top ten incurable poisons! It also specifically destroys a person's qualifications. ”
“要不是这样，怎么会把他扔到杂学院九班。可惜了……”
"If it weren't for that, how could you throw him in Class Nine of the Miscellaneous Academy. It's a pity ......."
“要不要跟那小子说他中了千木之毒？” "Do you want to tell that kid that he's poisoned by a thousand trees?"
“别说了吧，那小混蛋虽然混了点，但才八岁，他要是知道自己活不了多久……还是别告诉他了。”
"Don't talk about it, that little bastard is a little confused, but he's only eight years old, if he knows he won't live long...... Don't tell him. ”
众教授再度叹息，虽然王叶实践考核几乎等于没考，但他笔试前一个小时做得非常好，加上前面的出色表现和相当不错的资质，他板上钉钉可以进入魔药学院，还是一班。
The professors sighed again, although Wang Ye's practical assessment was almost equal to not taking the test, but he did very well an hour before the written exam, coupled with his excellent performance and quite good qualifications, he was sure that he could enter the Potions Academy, or a class.
但先是制作考卷的道奇大魔导师被小孩的答题速度和正确率惊动，过来查看。
But first, the Dodge Magister, who made the exam papers, was shocked by the speed and accuracy of the child's answers, and came to check it.
查看后，发现就连教授都不知道的极偏门知识，小孩都能答出，还不是一个，而是不同学科的好几个。
After checking it, I found that even the professor didn't know about the extremely remote knowledge, and the children could answer it, not one, but several different subjects.
道奇大魔导师又留意到王叶当时的糟糕状态，当即就怀疑小孩作弊，并上报学院，让学院检测王叶是否使用了灌输大量知识的短期记忆魔法。
The Dodge Magister noticed Wang Ye's bad state at that time, and immediately suspected the child of cheating, and reported it to the academy, so that the academy could detect whether Wang Ye had used short-term memory magic that instilled a lot of knowledge.
但其他看过王叶前期表现的教授都觉得以小鬼的骄傲，应该不会做出作弊还影响自己精神源的傻事。
But other professors who had seen Wang Ye's early performance felt that with the pride of a little ghost, they should not do stupid things that would cheat and affect their spiritual source.
之后为了确证这点，也是为了不冤枉任何一名学生，魔药学院几位大佬，包括院长在内都亲自去验看。
Later, in order to confirm this, and also in order not to wronged any student, several bigwigs of the Potions Academy, including the dean, went to inspect it in person.
先是给王叶接触了能让那短期记忆魔法显形的药草，但王叶脸上并没有浮现魔法纹路，以此确定了他身上并没有被施展这个魔法。
First, Wang Ye was exposed to the herb that could make the short-term memory magic manifest, but no magic lines appeared on Wang Ye's face, so as to confirm that this magic was not used on his body.
可很不幸的是，院长根据小孩身上的种种外状，竟推断出他很可能中了十大无解奇毒之一的千木之毒，并给他特意嗅闻了能确认千木之毒的魔法药剂。
Unfortunately, the dean deduced that he was likely to have been poisoned by one of the ten undotile poisons, based on the child's appearance, and gave him a special sniff of a magic potion that could confirm the poison of a thousand trees.
在确定王叶中了千木之毒后，学校意见就分成了两拨，一拨打算告诉他实情，取消他的录取资格。一拨则是希望能把小孩收入学校，并不告诉他中毒之事，然后看学校有没有办法帮小孩解决这种奇毒。
After it was determined that Wang Ye had been poisoned by a thousand trees, the school's opinions were divided into two groups, one of which planned to tell him the truth and cancel his admission qualification. One group hopes to admit the child to the school, and not tell him about the poisoning, and then see if the school can help the child solve this strange poison.
当然学校并不是慈善机构，有教授提出这点，也是想要研究这种奇毒。别看这奇毒十分可怕，中之无解，但它也极为少见，没看除了魔药院长以外，其他人都没能认出这种奇毒吗。
Of course, the school is not a charity, and some professors also want to study this strange poison when they raise this. Don't look at this strange poison is very terrifying, there is no solution in it, but it is also extremely rare, don't you see that except for the Potions Dean, no one else has been able to recognize this strange poison.
喜爱魔药的人，自然不想放过研究这种奇毒的机会。 People who love potions naturally don't want to miss the opportunity to study this strange poison.
经过商讨，学校决定还是特别录取王叶，并把他放入杂学院的九班。这样做也是主要考虑到这种奇毒会逐渐毁坏一个人的资质，学校也不想让王叶进入最好的班级，结果却不得寸进，还不断退步，最后被打击得怀疑人生。
After discussion, the school decided to admit Wang Ye and put him in Class 9 of the Miscellaneous College. This is mainly due to the fact that this kind of strange poison will gradually destroy a person's qualifications, and the school does not want Wang Ye to enter the best class, but he is not allowed to advance an inch, and he keeps regressing, and finally he is hit to doubt his life.
那还不如让小朋友待在九班当个学霸，把最后一段时间开心度过。
It is better to let the children stay in Class 9 and be a top student and spend the last period of time happily.
教授们虽然为王叶感到可惜，但也只是截止于可惜。他们每年都能见到不少天才，特别优秀的他们也见过。论资质，王叶只有八等中，并不是最优。
Although the professors felt sorry for Wang Ye, it was only a pity. They get to see a lot of geniuses every year, and they've seen them even if they're particularly good. In terms of qualifications, Wang Ye is only in the eighth grade, which is not the best.
今年别说八等中，九等下和九等中的资质也出现了。 This year, not to mention the eighth class, the qualifications of the ninth class and the ninth class have also appeared.
只是中规中矩的天才太多，像王叶这样年纪偏小又不拘一格的小天才，自然会让人眼前一亮。但少掉一个王叶，对学校整体也并没有任何影响。
It's just that there are too many decent geniuses, and a young and eclectic genius like Wang Ye will naturally make people's eyes shine. But the loss of one Wang Ye did not have any impact on the school as a whole.
旅馆内。 Inside the hotel.
老板娘听说两人要续住，抬头看向两人：“你们有没有通过入学考试？如果通过，学校是不是允许你们免费住到正式开学前？”
When the proprietress heard that the two were going to continue their stay, she looked up at the two: "Have you passed the entrance exam?" If you pass, will the school allow you to live for free until the official start of the school year? ”
雷木点头。 Raimu nodded.
旅馆老板娘见两人被录取，笑容越发真诚：“不瞒你们，我以前也是那座学校的学生，不过我天赋一般，受不了学校的竞争压力，就选择了中途退学，之后就在这里开了旅馆。”
Seeing that the two were admitted, the hostess smiled more and more sincerely: "I won't hide it from you, I used to be a student of that school, but I was average in talent and couldn't stand the competitive pressure of the school, so I chose to drop out of school halfway, and then opened a hotel here." ”
“前辈好。” "Hello senior."
旅馆老板娘摆摆手：“谈不上前辈。我虽然很想赚你们的住宿费，但看在同校的缘分上，也不想你们傻乎乎的就这么慢其他人一步。你们不是第一个犯错的新生，但你们运气好，住到了我的店里。”
The hostess waved her hand: "I can't talk about seniors." Although I really want to earn your accommodation fees, for the sake of the fate of the same school, I don't want you to be stupid and slow down others. You're not the first freshman to make a mistake, but you're lucky enough to stay in my store. ”
两人不明所以。 The two don't know why.
旅馆老板娘接下来就告诉了两人提前住进学校的种种好处。
The hostess of the hotel then told the two of the benefits of moving into the school early.
“就算你们不想跟其他人住在一个房间，也可以晚上出来住，那些有钱学生也都是这么干的，重要的是这段时间能留在学校的资格。如果你们不选择住校，过了今天，一直到年底报名那天，这段时间你们就不能随便进入学校。那你们也就失去了提前了解这座学校，和结交学长以及同学的机会。”
"Even if you don't want to share a room with other people, you can come out and stay at night, and those who have money do the same, and the important thing is the eligibility to stay in school during this time. If you don't choose to live on campus, you won't be able to enter the school until today, until the end of the year. Then you will lose the opportunity to get to know the school in advance and make friends with seniors and classmates. ”
“如果只是这样……” "If only that......"
“别犯傻！”旅馆老板娘像是知道雷木要说什么，瞪他：“要不是看你长得帅，老娘才懒得提醒你们。你们以为提前住进学校的好处就只有这一点点吗？”
"Don't be stupid!" The innkeeper seemed to know what Lei Mu was going to say, and glared at him: "If it weren't for the fact that you are handsome, the old lady would not have bothered to remind you." Do you think that's all there is to it? ”
王叶踮起脚尖，扒着柜台眼巴巴地问：“美女妹妹，请详说，我哥就是个大木头。”
Wang Ye stood on tiptoe and asked with his eyes on the counter: "Beautiful sister, please tell me in detail, my brother is a big wood." ”
雷木：“……” Raimi: "......"
旅馆老板娘是个很爽朗、性格也大气的人，闻言哈哈笑：“妹妹你个头！行吧，今天老娘心情好，就日行一善了。你们知不知道，陨星学校整体是被魔法阵包围的？”
The innkeeper is a very hearty and atmospheric person, and she laughed when she heard this: "Sister, you are big!" Okay, today's lady is in a good mood, so she will do a good deed every day. Did you know that the Meteorite School as a whole is surrounded by a magic array? ”
两人点头。 The two nodded.
旅馆老板娘：“那你们就没有感觉到学校内部的魔力要比外面充足得多吗？过了接待处的城堡，魔力会更浓郁，在学校里面吸收魔力，比你在外面可划算得多。”
The hostess: "Then don't you feel that the magic inside the school is much more abundant than the outside?" After the castle at the reception, the magic will be stronger, and it is much more cost-effective to absorb the magic inside the school than if you were outside. ”
王叶还真没注意到这点，因为他吸收的是因果之力，而不是魔力。
Wang Ye really didn't notice this, because he was absorbing the power of cause and effect, not magic.
雷木注意到了，但他有魔种能量可以吸收，对外界魔力也不是很在意。
Remu noticed, but he had demon seed energy to absorb, and he didn't care much about the outside world.
老板娘看这两人不在意的模样，摇摇头：“你们都有学生木牌，上面也都有一定学分。虽然你们还没有正式入学，但你们拥有木牌就实际已经是陨星魔法学校的学生，换言之，你们木牌上的学分现在就可以在学校使用。”
The proprietress looked at the two of them and shook her head: "You all have student wooden cards, and you all have certain credits on them." Even though you are not officially enrolled yet, if you own the wooden card, you are already a student of the Falling Star School of Magic, in other words, the credits on your wooden card can now be used in the school. ”
王叶恍然大悟：“这么说，学校只要是使用学分的设施和福利等，我们也能用？”
Wang Ye suddenly realized: "So, as long as the school uses the facilities and benefits of credits, we can also use it?" ”
“还算没有笨到家。除此之外，你们还可以在学校领一些任务做，可以赚取学分，也可以赚取货币。据说原本这只是学校用来照顾家庭境况不好的学生，让他们在入学前有地方住又可以赚点零花钱，不至于连学费和住宿费都付不出来，最后只能投靠一些乱七八糟的贵族和势力。”
"It's not stupid. On top of that, you can also get some tasks to do at school, you can earn credits, and you can also earn currency. It is said that originally this was only used by the school to take care of students whose families were not in good condition, so that they could have a place to live and earn some pocket money before enrolling, so that they would not even be able to pay the tuition and accommodation fees, and finally they could only take refuge in some chaotic aristocrats and forces. ”
旅馆老板娘脸色变得严肃认真：“但这只是表面。如果只是照顾贫困生，学校不用把这个名额给予每一个新生。不要小看学校提供的任何福利，也不要以为没开学就还不算真正进入学校，实际上从你们报名开始，竞争就开始了。如果你们不能分秒必争，那么你们势必会慢人一步，一步慢，步步慢。如果你们不是天才，偏偏天才又比你们努力，发展到后来，你们就会像姐姐一样，因为受不了竞争压力，只能选择黯然退出。”
The innkeeper's face became serious: "But this is only the surface. If it is only to take care of poor students, the school does not have to give this place to every new student. Don't underestimate any of the benefits offered by the school, and don't think that you don't really enter the school before the school starts, in fact, the competition starts from the moment you sign up. If you can't count against time, then you're bound to be one step slower, one step slower, one step slower. If you are not a genius, but a genius works harder than you, and later on, you will be like a sister, because you can't stand the pressure of competition, you can only choose to quit gloomily. ”
雷木讶然，没想到老板娘会跟他们说出这么一段话，当即真诚道谢。
Lei Mu was surprised, he didn't expect the proprietress to say such a thing to them, and immediately thanked them sincerely.
老板娘挥挥手：“行了，别谢了，老娘也就当提前结交潜力新人，不想你们两人就这么浪费机会和时间。现在你们还不赶紧转身回学校，跟你们的学院学长申请住宿舍，快去快去~”
The proprietress waved her hand: "Okay, don't thank you, the old lady should make friends with potential newcomers in advance, I don't want the two of you to waste opportunities and time like this." Now why don't you hurry up and turn around and go back to school, apply for a dormitory with your college seniors, go quickly~"
老板娘都说到这种程度，两人也不是不识好歹的，互看一眼，就做好了决定。
The proprietress said to this extent, and the two of them were not ignorant, so they looked at each other and made a decision.
“美女妹妹，我叫王叶，这是我哥雷木，要怎么称呼你啊？以后我们来找你玩。”
"Beautiful sister, my name is Wang Ye, this is my brother Lei Mu, what do I want to call you? We'll come to you later. ”
老板娘乐：“小鬼头，就你心眼多。要叫姐，再叫我妹妹，揍扁你。”
The proprietress Le: "Little ghost, you have a lot of eyes." If you want to call me sister, then call me sister, and beat you up. ”
王叶摇头：“可你看起来这么年轻漂亮，怎么会是我姐姐呢？”
Wang Ye shook his head: "But you look so young and beautiful, how can you be my sister?" ”
“要死了，这么一点大就知道口花花。”老板娘被逗得笑个不停，指了指旅馆招牌：“看到没有，心愿旅馆，你姐的名字就叫俞心愿。以后有什么不懂的事，允许你和你哥来问我，别耽搁了，快回学校吧！”
"I'm going to die, so I know how to talk about it at such a young age." The proprietress was amused and couldn't stop laughing, and pointed to the hotel signboard: "See, Wish Hotel, your sister's name is Yu Wish." If there is anything you don't understand in the future, allow you and your brother to ask me, don't delay, go back to school quickly! ”
不想欠下因果的王叶掏出一瓶药丸，推给老板娘：“送给你。泡澡用，一次一粒，可以美容兼养身哦。”
Wang Ye, who didn't want to owe cause and effect, took out a bottle of pills and pushed it to the proprietress: "Give it to you." For bathing, one capsule at a time, you can beautify and nourish your body. ”
老板娘也没客气，主要也是没当回事，很随意地收了起来。
The proprietress was not polite, mainly because she didn't take it seriously and put it away very casually.
王叶走出旅馆侧头不住看雷木的脸。 Wang Ye walked out of the hotel and turned his head sideways to look at Lei Mu's face.
雷木被他看得毛毛的，按住他脑袋：“别作怪。” Lei Mu was furious by him, and pressed his head: "Don't be weird. ”
王叶嘿嘿笑：“木木，你这张脸真受欢迎。”
雷木摸摸自己的脸，淡淡道：“这不是我最真实的模样。”
王叶耸肩：“那是你想偏了。你有三种血脉，你现在展现出来的任何一种模样，实际都是你的真实模样。”
雷木：“是吗。”
王叶看出雷木对自己的血脉一事不想多谈，迅速转换话题：“没想到那个胖子推荐的旅馆还挺靠谱，早知大饼就不收他钱了。下次见到他，送他一个包子吧，我看到他对包子咽口水。”
雷木失笑，但也承认：“以人观校，这座学校校风应该不错。”
哪怕是那个阴森森的驾车人，被他们迷晕丢了脸，还被他们把炼金工具箱给拿走，最后也只是说了他们两句，还愿意回答他们的问题，马马虎虎也算有肚量。
如果换了王叶，他要是被人迷晕，还被人抢去虫巢，就算事后对方还给他，恐怕也会冲上去先和对方干几架。
而且学校还给金钱不多的学生提供了免费住宿和赚取学费杂费的机会。
就算竞争激烈了点，在社会大环境下也属正常。
两人凭借木牌再次进入学校，再进入接待城堡，跟接待处的工作人员询问了免费住宿舍的事。
接待处员工验看他们的木牌后，说可以把负责引领他们的学长找来，但两人说不必麻烦学长，两人自己去办理就好。
接待处员工也没勉强，很详细地告诉他们如何办理入住手续，还给了他们一张学校简易地图。
听说王叶和雷木两人又回到学校，就有教授想要接触他们了。
千木之毒虽然是慢性毒，但前期观察也很重要。
如果能取得小孩一点血液进行研究，那自然更好。
王叶和雷木到达宿舍管理处，表明来意。
宿舍管理处确定他们的新生身份后，询问他们有没有特别属意的宿舍房间。
两人回答没有，表示可以随意安排，只要让两人住一个宿舍就行。
宿舍管理处就喜欢这种不挑的学生，快速办好手续，看他们有地图，就点着地图指点他们：“所有未正式入学的新生的宿舍都在一号食堂背面，很好找。我们宿舍管理处在这儿，出门顺着石板路一直往前，看到四岔路口向右拐，再走大约三百米就能看到你们的宿舍。那里有宿管，出示你们的学生牌，他会带你们去你们的宿舍，并告诉你们详细的住宿须知。”
两人道谢离开。
还没走到宿舍楼，王叶脑中那本书又开始折腾，表示休息结束，该学习新知识了。
王叶欲哭无泪。他现在都搞不清楚他到底算赚了，还是亏大了。
雷木看他难受，主动把他背起来。
这座学校真的非常之大，风景也非常好，一路就像走在森林公园中。
路上有不少学生还有学校工作人员经过，但并没有多少人注意两人。
学校有擂台，还有很多学习起来就废寝忘食的学生，有人累得走不了路，或者受伤被同伴背回去，在学校很常见。
只是雷木长得好，难免引来一些注目。
巴勒吉如满面春风地和几个新生说话，抬头就看到雷木和王叶，顿时一愣。这两人不是离开了吗？怎么又回来了？
宿舍楼就在前方，雷木下意识加快脚步，却差点和一名突然出现的教授撞到一起，还好及时刹住脚步。
那教授皱皱眉头，上下打量雷木，忽然道：“我时间不多，我要找两个助手给我打杂，你们要是不反对，现在就跟我过去，一个小时给你们算一人两个学分。”
雷木：“……”运气真好？
“抱歉，我弟不太舒服，我想先送他去宿舍。”雷木考虑再三，婉言拒绝。
那教授走到雷木身边，打量王叶，还伸手抓住他的手腕像是在观察什么。
王叶无力甩开他。
雷木想着他们刚进学校，也不至于有教授出来迫害他们，更不可能有人冒充教授，就没动。
教授放开王叶手腕，对雷木道：“我是魔药学院的教授，你可以称呼我为尼约教授。如果你相信我，就带这位小同学一起去我那里，我可以给他看看，他的情况似乎有点不太好。”
雷木惊讶，这个学校的教授也未免太好了吧？
旁边经过的学生，只要听到尼约教授邀请的，都不禁羡慕起这两个还未入学的新生。
这是什么运气，竟然进入学校第一天就能让魔药学院的教授请去当助手，他们怎么就没有这个运气撞到出来找助手的教授？
王叶睁开眼，对雷木轻声道：“去。”
有学分赚，不赚白不赚。
不管这教授抱着什么心，总不至于在光天化日之下就大咧咧地带走两个新生进行迫害。
真要有问题，他还能带着雷木躲入虫巢。
巴勒吉如眼睁睁地看着一名貌似教授的人物带走了那一大一小。
偏生他旁边有学生惊呼：“那是尼约教授，魔药学院毒药学专家，药师等级达到教授级，据说距离药帅就只有一步之遥。啧，那两个也是还未正式入学的新生吧，运气可真好。尼约教授可是一向以大方出名。”
巴勒吉如忽然就觉得心脏有点疼，就是那种自己无论怎么努力，却总是无法超越某些人的酸涩化为的酸痛。
为什么有些人的运气就能这么好？
为什么有些人什么都不用做，就有好事送到他们面前？
第116章 我中毒了？
尼约教授带走两个新生的事很快就传了出去。
有些也准备对王叶下手的教授顿时大骂尼约狡猾，明明他不是入学考核的负责教授，却动得比谁都快，真是太不讲究了！
明明学校有不成文的规定，谁负责当年的学生考核，谁就有优先挑选这些新生的权力。
虽然王叶的情况有些特殊，但……也应该按照规矩来啊！
雷木到了尼约教授的研究室，发现尼约教授说是找他们打杂，结果就是让他……扫地。
但这个研究室真不是一般的干净，而且这里明明有魔法扫帚。
雷木主动询问那些用过的水晶瓶要不要清洗，却被尼约教授拒绝，说这些试瓶中有药剂残留，需要特殊方法清理，雷木做不来。
雷木：“……”那您到底是让我来干什么的？
尼约教授明显对王叶更感兴趣，不但让他躺着，还亲切询问他各种身体感受。
雷木就见尼约教授一边询问，一边在一张魔法卷轴上做记录。
当尼约教授按压王叶头顶肿块时，王叶轻声呼痛，真实他不痛，但他不想让人发现他对痛觉不敏感。
“我给你上点药，看能不能帮你消掉这个肿块。”尼约教授也不问王叶同意不同意，就拿出药液往王叶脑门上滴。
王叶躺着没动，在尼约教授只是随便打发雷木，却对他“一心一意”后，他就察觉出不对劲了。
果然无事献殷勤，非奸即盗！
其实王叶对他额头的肿块也有些好奇，他已经给自己用药，还不是一次两次，但这肿块一直没能消下去。
不是他自夸，虽然他师父还没有来得及教他制作魔法药物，但他的基础被师父种种严厉调教打得牢之又牢，可以说除了魔法药物，他制作普通药物的能力已经不下于他师父。
要么他师父会那么在意他呢，王叶暗中还是有些小骄傲的。
为此，他也在怀疑他额头的肿块恐怕不止是被破书砸出来的物理伤害，同时也蕴含了魔法能量甚至其他他暂时还搞不清楚的东西。
既然这位魔药师有意为他治疗这个伤口，那为什么不让他试试？
至于说这位魔药师会不会借此机会害他？
王叶还没有这么高程度的被害妄想症，他不过一个刚刚考入学校的新生，没有任何势力牵扯，人家有名有姓的魔药师何苦害他？
就算这位尼约教授想要找个试药人，也不会蠢到在学校里随便找两个新生。
他不是夸奖这些教授人品高尚，而是稍微有点脑子的“正派”魔药师，就算想要干什么坏事，人家有的是地方，也有的是人选，真没必要在学校里搞事。
当然王叶也不是真的毫无提防和准备，别人看不见的因果卷已经在他面前打开。
在这位教授雇佣两人，而两人答应后，他们已经建立因果关系。
如果这位教授有半点想要伤害他们的意思，王叶就能从因果卷上看出来。
目前为止，这位教授至少对他们没有任何恶意。
雷木发现尼约教授的目的在王叶后，就没再装模作样的扫地，而是直接走到了王叶身边，摆出了“我在监视教授你”的态度。
尼约教授也不在意。
雷木目视王叶，见王叶对他眨眼，加上他没有感觉到小叶子心里有半点慌张，他就也没阻拦尼约教授的举动。
药液滴下，过了一会儿，尼约教授仔细询问王叶感受。
王叶表示没任何感受。
尼约教授皱眉，呢喃：“怎么会没有任何感觉呢？不可能啊。”
王叶改口：“其实我……”
“其实什么？”尼约教授迅速问。
王叶满脸痛苦地道：“啊，现在感觉明显了，我头好痛，我感觉我的精神力在不断消退，我、我的精神源是不是出问题了，教授您给我用的是什么药？啊啊啊，我好难受！”
雷木都被王叶的演技吓到了，如果不是他能感受到王叶的最真实心情。但他还是慌忙扑到王叶身边，喊道：“小叶子！”
尼约教授迅速拿出一瓶药剂：“张嘴，这是精神力补充药剂。”
王叶立马张嘴。
绝对是优秀品质而且是中级以上的精神力补充药剂进入王叶口中。
王叶：质量不错，口感也比上次那瓶摸奖得到的货色好，很好很好~
尼约教授又问王叶感受：“现在好些了吗？”
王叶呻吟：“……头还是很痛，像是有什么在吞噬我的精神力，刚才还没有这么厉害，但教授您的药剂一倒上去，就好像有什么被激发了。”
王叶惨兮兮地看向尼约教授：“教授，您不会是在用我试药吧？”
尼约教授干咳：“当然没有，我只是看你受伤，想要帮你治疗，毕竟你是我校学生。这瓶药剂你再喝喝看，这是精神源修复药剂，应该会让你好受一点。”
王叶狂喜：好的好的，来吧来吧，这样的好东西多来几瓶吧！
但他脸上却一副心惊胆战不情不愿的模样。
尼约教授看王叶张口把精神源修复药剂喝下，就见他脸色明显好看了一些，不再那么苍白，还有了一些血色。
有效。但尼约教授也越发肯定这倒霉孩子就是中了千木之毒。
千木之毒的特点之一就是身上某些部位会出现消不下去的肿块，最致命的是不断摧毁一个人的资质。这个资质包括这个人的魔法种子和精神核，以及骨骼、肌肉、皮肤。
总之，中了千木之毒的人会在两到三年内变得越来越衰弱，不但无法动用任何能力，脑力也会不断衰退，骨骼脆化，身体会不断出现各种疾病，直到这些病情再也无法治疗，患者身体也再也无法承受。
In short, a person who has been poisoned by a thousand trees will become weaker and weaker in two to three years, not only will he not be able to use any ability, but his mental power will continue to decline, his bones will become brittle, and his body will continue to develop various diseases until these conditions can no longer be treated, and the patient's body can no longer bear it.
相当歹毒的绝毒，不但是十大无解奇毒，更是禁药。 The extremely vicious poison is not only one of the top ten antidote poisons, but also a banned drug.
但这种毒的配制方法也极难，据说只有药王才能制作，需要至少千种药物原材料，所以才会叫做千木之毒。
However, the preparation method of this poison is also extremely difficult, and it is said that only the king of medicine can make it, and it requires at least a thousand kinds of medicinal raw materials, so it is called the poison of a thousand trees.
千木之毒最开始摧毁的就是精神力和精神核，表现为剧烈头疼、精力衰退、绵软无力、昏昏欲睡，这倒霉孩子的种种表状都非常符合。
The poison of a thousand trees destroyed the spiritual power and spiritual core at the beginning, which manifested as severe headaches, energy loss, weakness, and drowsiness, which were very consistent with the various manifestations of this unlucky child.
王叶闭上了眼睛，不管这位教授的目的为何，他拿出的药剂真的都是好东西。
Wang Ye closed his eyes, no matter what the purpose of this professor was, the potion he took out was really a good thing.
之前的精神力补充药剂，让他大脑顿时如沐春风。 The previous mental power supplement potion made his brain suddenly feel like a spring breeze.
现在这瓶精神源修复药剂，刚刚喝下，就连那一直闹腾不休的破书都安静不少。
Now that this bottle of spiritual source repair potion has just been drunk, even the broken books that have been making noise are a lot quieter.
嗯？王叶脑中闪过什么。 Well? Something flashed through Wang Ye's mind.
他之前被破书折腾得太狠，又不是在背书就是在考试，大脑一时无法去想其他事情。
He was tossed too hard by broken books before, and he was either endorsing or taking exams, and his brain couldn't think about other things for a while.
但现在他稍微舒服一点，大脑有了余力去想其他事情，之前被他忽略的一些线头就被他注意到了。
But now that he was a little more comfortable, his brain had the energy to think about other things, and some of the threads that he had ignored before were noticed by him.
“你这个伤情似乎有些古怪，我怀疑你可能不止是被砸伤，愿意给我一点你的血液吗？我可以分析看看。”尼约教授满心期盼地看向王叶。
"Your injury seems a little strange, I suspect you may have been more than just smashed, would you like to give me a little of your blood? I can analyze it. Professor Niyo looked at Wang Ye expectantly.
王叶侧头看雷木。 Wang Ye looked sideways at Lei Mu.
尼约教授明白了，做主的人是大哥雷木，当即就把他的请求又对雷木说了一遍。
Professor Niyo understood that the person in charge was the eldest brother Remu, and immediately told Remu his request again.
雷木直接问道：“我弟到底怎么了？教授请给句实话吧，这样不上不下的，我也不放心。如果您不愿说，我就带我弟去校外找药师查看。”
Lei Mu asked directly, "What's wrong with my brother?" Professor, please tell me the truth, I don't worry about whether it is up or down like this. If you don't want to say it, I'll take my brother outside the school to find a pharmacist. ”
尼约教授露出一点骄傲又微带嘲讽的笑容：“你去校外找药师，只怕那些蠢货会把你弟越治越严重。”
Professor Niyo smiled a little proudly and slightly mockingly: "You go to find a pharmacist outside the school, I'm afraid that those fools will treat your brother more and more seriously." ”
雷木不说话，只看着尼约教授。 Raimu didn't speak, just looked at Professor Niyo.
尼约教授斟酌片刻，选择吐露部分实情：“好吧，你弟的状态很古怪，原本学校以为你弟是被人施展了短期记忆魔法，用于作弊。但后来我们验证后，发现你弟是清白的。”
Professor Niyo pondered for a moment and chose to reveal part of the truth: "Well, your brother's state is very strange, and the school originally thought that your brother was used to cheat by someone using short-term memory magic. But later, after we verified, we found out that your brother was innocent. ”
王叶骨碌一下坐起：“我当然没作弊！你们要是连这点都看不出来，也不用做什么教授了，全体去重学魔法吧。”
Wang Ye Gulu sat up suddenly: "Of course I didn't cheat!" If you can't even see that, you don't need to be a professor, so let's all go and relearn magic. ”
尼约教授：“……”他现在明白了为什么有些教授叫这倒霉孩子一口一个小兔崽子。
Professor Niyo: "......" He now understood why some professors called this unfortunate kid a little rabbit.
“精神了？”尼约教授观察王叶。 "Spirited?" Professor Niyo observes Wang Ye.
王叶咕咚又倒下，没好气地道：“我这是被气得精神了。”
Wang Ye fell down again, and said angrily: "I'm so angry." ”
尼约教授：“……”小兔崽子！ Professor Niyo: "......" little bunny!
雷木插话：“教授，验证我弟没有作弊以后呢？你们是不是又发现了什么？”
Lei Mu interjected: "Professor, what about after verifying that my brother is not cheating?" Did you find anything else? ”
尼约教授叹息：“是，根据你弟弟身上的状态，我们怀疑他可能中毒了。实践考试时，我魔药学院的几位教授都去看过他，几乎确定了他中毒的事情。”
Professor Niyo sighed, "Yes, based on your brother's condition, we suspect that he may have been poisoned. During the practice exam, several professors at my Potions Academy went to see him and were almost certain of his poisoning. ”
王叶嘀咕：“我就说一个考试怎么走马灯似的来了那么多教授。”
Wang Ye muttered: "I'll just say how can so many professors come to an exam." ”
王叶忽然翻脸：“这么说那些教授拿来的药草，还有那瓶药剂，是不是都是为了确定我中毒，或者是为了判断我有没有作弊？”
Wang Ye suddenly turned his face: "So the herbs that the professor brought, as well as the bottle of medicine, are they all to determine that I am poisoned, or to judge whether I am cheating?" ”
尼约教授扬眉，心想怪不得有些教授一边骂这倒霉孩子，一边又很欣赏他，原来这孩子大脑反应速度确实不一般。
Professor Niyo raised his eyebrows, thinking that it was no wonder that some professors admired the unlucky child while scolding him, because the child's brain reaction speed was indeed unusual.
但王叶不爽的原因显然和尼约教授认为的不一致，王叶生气：“既然是帮我查验是否中毒，又何必那样骂我？竟然骂我蠢蛋，说我浪费他们的时间。”
But the reason for Wang Ye's displeasure was obviously inconsistent with what Professor Niyo thought, and Wang Ye was angry: "Since you are helping me check whether you are poisoned, why do you scold me like that?" They called me a fool and called me a waste of their time. ”
尼约教授半点看不出尴尬，老神在在地回答：“谁让你中毒了呢，期望越高失望越大，他们骂你蠢，也是因为你太不小心，竟然在考试前能被人下毒，还是……”
Professor Niyo didn't see the embarrassment at all, and the old god replied on the spot: "Who poisoned you, the higher the expectations, the greater the disappointment, they scolded you for being stupid, but also because you were too careless, you were able to be poisoned before the exam, or ......"
“还是什么？”雷木追问。 "Or what?" Raimu asked.
尼约教授：“现在是什么毒还不确定，但这种毒显然会影响王叶同学的精神力和精神源。本来你中了这种毒，学校不会再收你，但学校也是惜才，不想你什么都不知道就这么被毒药害了，这才把你收入学校。但在你身上的未知之毒未解之前，你都只能待在杂学院九班。”
Professor Niyo: "It's uncertain what kind of poison it is, but this poison will obviously affect Wang Ye's mental power and spiritual source. Originally, if you were poisoned by this kind of poison, the school would not accept you again, but the school also cherished your talents, and didn't want you to be harmed by the poison without knowing anything, so it admitted you to the school. But until the unknown poison in your body is solved, you can only stay in the ninth class of the miscellaneous academy. ”
王叶：敢情他被分入杂学院九班，还藏了这么一个内情！
Wang Ye: Dare to love that he was assigned to the ninth class of the Miscellaneous Academy, and he hid such an inside story!
雷木担心万分。到底什么毒？连学校的教授们都看不出来，更无法解决？
Remu was worried. What exactly is poison? Even the professors at the school can't see it, let alone solve it?
王叶再次坐起身，靠在雷木身上，歪头看尼约教授，那神情特别像小流氓。
Wang Ye sat up again, leaned on Lei Mu, and tilted his head to look at Professor Niyo, who looked very much like a little rascal.
“你想要我的血？不，我应该问，是不是学校很多教授都很想要我的血，想要研究我身上的未知之毒？”
"You want my blood? No, I should ask, are there many professors in the school who want my blood and want to study the unknown poison in me? ”
王叶不等尼约教授回答，又自言自语一样道：“也不一定是未知之毒，好歹也是世界排名第五的魔法学校，在这里当教授的魔药师等级应该不会低于药师导师级别，院长等人级别应该更高，如果这么多厉害药师都看不出我中的是什么毒，那就太搞笑了，简直让人怀疑你们学校的魔药教学水平。所以……”
Wang Ye didn't wait for Professor Niyo to answer, and said to himself: "It doesn't have to be an unknown poison, it's also the world's fifth-ranked magic school, the level of the potion master who is a professor here should not be lower than the level of the pharmacist mentor, and the level of the dean and others should be higher, if so many powerful pharmacists can't see what kind of poison I have, it will be too funny, it makes people doubt the level of potions teaching in your school." So ......"
尼约教授真心惊讶了，面前这个孩子可是只有八岁，八岁就这么聪明，还能分析出这么多事情……怪不得那些教授那么心痛和可惜，现在他也觉得这孩子中了千木之毒是真的可惜了。
Professor Niyo was genuinely surprised, the child in front of him was only eight years old, and he was so smart at the age of eight, and he could analyze so many things...... No wonder those professors were so heartbroken and pityful, and now he also felt that it was really a pity that this child had been poisoned by a thousand trees.
王叶抬起头：“我中的毒是不是无解的十大奇毒之一？”
Wang Ye raised his head: "Is the poison in me one of the ten strange poisons that have no solution?" ”
尼约教授：“……”这可真不是我说出来的。 Professor Niyo: "......" That's not really what I said.
王叶进一步分析道：“我额头肿块用普通药物无法消除，我精神力衰退得厉害，身体也跟着绵软无力，而学校愿意收下我，哪怕是为了研究我身上的毒，也变相证明我中的应该是慢性毒，至少几个月乃至几年内不会死亡。可学校收下我却把我扔到杂学院九班，那么是不是我的资质会出现问题？”
Wang Ye further analyzed: "The lump on my forehead can't be eliminated with ordinary medicine, my mental strength has deteriorated greatly, and my body is also weak, and the school is willing to accept me, even if it is to study the poison in my body, it also proves in disguise that I should be a chronic poison, and I will not die in at least a few months or even a few years." But the school accepted me and threw me into the ninth class of the miscellaneous college, so is there a problem with my qualifications? ”
尼约教授简直想给小孩鼓掌。
王叶握紧双拳：“十大奇毒中最会破坏资质，还是慢性毒药，且身上会留下消不掉的肿块，并初期就对精神力有影响的，只有一种，就是千木之毒。我说的对不对？”
尼约教授眼中闪过异色：“你师父是谁？药师知道十大奇毒不奇怪，但能这么清楚十大奇毒特性的却不多，更何况他还教出了你这样的弟子，他一定不是无名之辈。”
王叶耸肩：“那我就不知道了，我师父经常说他就是个山野草药师。”
“你怎么不继续跟在你师父身边，跑来我们学校？”
“因为我师父这段时间没办法带我，我也不好中断学习，再说师父说药学一道学无止境，他一个人也不可能教我全部，就建议我来魔法学校学习。选择你们学校，是因为你们炼金学院最好。”王叶直白道。
"Because my master can't take me during this time, and I can't interrupt my studies, besides, my master said that there is no end to learning medicine, and he can't teach me all by himself, so he suggested that I come to the magic school to study. I chose your school because your alchemy academy is the best. Wang Ye said bluntly.
尼约教授看向雷木，了然。 Professor Niyo looked at Raim in understanding.
“我能知道你师父的名字吗？” "Can I know your master's name?"
“我师父说我没出师前，不准对外说出他的名字，怕我丢他的脸。”王叶把当初对岩药师说的理由再次搬出。
"My master said that before I left the school, I was not allowed to say his name to the outside world, for fear that I would lose his face." Wang Ye brought out the reason he had told the rock pharmacist again.
尼约教授表示理解，又问：“那么你觉得你师父能否研制出千木之毒的解药？”
Professor Niyo expressed his understanding and asked, "Then do you think your master can develop an antidote to the poison of a thousand trees?" ”
这点王叶也不敢确定，他师父是很厉害，但他师父也说过十大奇毒几乎没有解药，中之必死。
Wang Ye didn't dare to be sure about this, his master was very powerful, but his master also said that there was almost no antidote to the ten great poisons, and he would die.
尼约教授看王叶沉默，说道：“我建议你尽快联系你师父，让他来我们学校一趟。千木之毒是无解的十大奇毒之一，想要解决，不是一个药师的力量就能做到。但想要数位乃至更多药师联合在一起，共同花时间花精力乃至花费大量资源来研究这种毒的解药，只凭你一个小小的资质被毁的学生，份量还远远不够。”
Professor Niyo saw that Wang Ye was silent and said, "I suggest that you contact your master as soon as possible and ask him to come to our school." The poison of a thousand trees is one of the ten strange poisons that cannot be solved, and if you want to solve it, you can't do it with the power of a pharmacist. But if you want several or even more pharmacists to join forces and spend time, energy and even a lot of resources to study the antidote to this poison, it is not enough for you to rely on a small student whose qualifications have been ruined. ”
王叶明白尼约教授的意思。现在学校的药师们刚刚接触千木之毒，正是最感兴趣的时候，但任何事情，如果没有任何进度，或者进度极为缓慢，还没有多少好处，更投入极大，能有耐心坚持的下去真没几个。
Wang Ye understood what Professor Niyo meant. Now the pharmacists in the school have just come into contact with the poison of a thousand trees, and it is the time when they are most interested, but if there is no progress in anything, or the progress is extremely slow, there is not much benefit, and there are very few who can have the patience to persevere.
尼约教授让他师父赶来学校，约莫是猜测他师父等级不低，想让他师父出面求情，这样他师父就相当于欠下学校教授们的极大人情，二来学校可能也希望他师父能提供研究资源。
Professor Niyo asked his master to come to the school, probably guessing that his master's level was not low, and wanted his master to come forward to intercede, so that his master would owe the professors of the school a great favor, and secondly, the school might also hope that his master could provide research resources.
王叶摇了摇头：“我联系不上师父，都是他主动联系我。”
Wang Ye shook his head: "I can't contact Master, he took the initiative to contact me." ”
尼约教授也只是个提议，并没有真的指望小孩师父过来能改变什么。
Professor Niyo was just a proposal, and he didn't really expect the little master to come over and change anything.
就如小孩所说，他们学校好歹也是世界第五，如果真让一个外面的药师牵头解决了千木之毒，他们学校的教授们不要脸的吗？
As the child said, their school is also the fifth in the world, if an outside pharmacist really takes the lead in solving the poison of a thousand trees, will the professors in their school be shameless?
当然，如果小孩师父愿意提供研究资源那最好。 Of course, it would be best if Master Kid was willing to provide research resources.
“能联系上你家人吗？研究这种无解奇毒的解药，用费可不便宜。”尼约教授谈到了最现实的问题。
"Can you contact your family? The cost of researching this antidote without a miracle is not cheap. "Professor Niyo touched on the most practical issues.
给钱求治疗，和药师们看兴趣治疗，那可是完全不同的两码事。
Giving money for treatment and looking at pharmacists for interest treatment are two completely different things.
前者可以让药师们更专心、更负责，后者则就全看药师们的心情了。
The former can make pharmacists more attentive and responsible, while the latter depends on the mood of pharmacists.
王叶再次摇头：“我只有师父和我木哥，其他人都不在这个世界了。”
Wang Ye shook his head again: "I only have Master and my Brother Mu, and the others are no longer in this world." ”
尼约教授看小孩脸色，发现他并没有什么伤心神情，而且对于知道自己中了无解奇毒，还是毁坏资质的奇毒，也太冷静了。
Professor Niyo looked at the child's face and found that he did not have any sad expression, and he was too calm to know that he had been poisoned by no antidote, or a strange poison that destroyed his qualifications.
尼约教授暗道古怪，但也更为欣赏这倒霉孩子。 Professor Niyo is secretly eccentric, but he also admires the hapless child even more.
如果不是小孩中的是毁资质的千木之毒，他倒真的很想收下这名弟子。
If it weren't for the fact that the child was the poison of a thousand trees that ruined his qualifications, he really wanted to accept this disciple.
至于学生在入校前已经有师父这点，绝大多数魔法学校的教授们都不会在意，如果在意，他们也不会到学校当教授。
As for the fact that students already have a master before entering the school, most professors in magic schools will not care, and if they do, they will not come to the school to become professors.
同样，如果王叶师父在意他再拜别的师父，也不会让他来魔法学校。
Similarly, if Master Wang Ye cared about him worshipping other masters, he would not let him come to the magic school.
在尼约教授看来，小孩师父等级就算不低，应该最多也就到大药师级别，更可能只是中高级药师。
In Professor Niyo's opinion, even if the level of the child's master is not low, it should be at most at the level of a great pharmacist, and it is more likely that it is only an intermediate and senior pharmacist.
那么小孩师父就是给小孩打底子，到魔法学校就是提升。
Then the child master is to lay the foundation for the child, and to go to the magic school is to improve.
如果有教授看中小孩，收起为弟子，那就是进一步深造。
If there is a professor who takes a fancy to a child and puts it away as a disciple, it is further study.
这是一条十分合理的晋级之路，学校大多数有基础的学生都是走的这条路。
This is a very reasonable path to advancement, and most of the school's students with a foundation take this path.
“你如果愿意就给我留一点你的血液，我先试着分析看看。其他的，只能再说。”尼约教授道。
"If you want, give me a little of your blood, and I'll try to analyze it first. The rest, can only be said again. Professor Niyo said.
王叶：“五百学分。” Wang Ye: "Five hundred credits." ”
尼约教授诧异：“你跟我要学分？” Professor Niyo was surprised: "You want credits from me?" ”
王叶理所当然地道：“我在卖血啊。” Wang Ye said as a matter of course: "I'm selling blood." ”
尼约教授简直服了这个小兔崽子：“你知不知道你中了无解奇毒，而我分析你的血液是为了救你？”
Professor Niyo simply obeyed the little rabbit cub: "Do you know that you have been poisoned by the Miracle Poison, and I analyzed your blood to save you?" ”
“知道啊。可您现在不是没能力做出解药吗，重点是您也没答应我一定救我，反而需要我提供研究原材料，我的血液。所以您给我学分不是很应该吗？”
"Yes. But aren't you incapable of making an antidote now, the point is that you didn't promise me that you would save me, but instead needed me to provide research raw materials, my blood. So you shouldn't be giving me credits? ”
“……”尼约教授一个滚字已经到了嘴边，但他硬是靠着多年修炼下来的良好修养生生咽了下去。
"......" Professor Niyo had already reached his lips, but he swallowed it with the good cultivation he had cultivated for many years.
“五百学分没有，顶多两百。” "Five hundred credits, two hundred at most."
“成交！别忘了还有我哥的两分，有一个小时了。” "Deal! Don't forget my brother's two points, it's an hour. ”
妈的小兔崽子！活该被人下毁资质的千木之毒！尼约教授拿到王叶一小瓶血液就把两人赶走了。
the bunny! The poison of a thousand trees that deserves to be ruined by others! Professor Niyo got a vial of Wang Ye's blood and drove the two away.
第117章 更疯才能赢 Chapter 117: Crazier to Win
王叶和雷木出来时，其他教授也蠢蠢欲动，但也不好几位教授连着去找一个还未正式入学的学生，只好都先按捺下。
When Wang Ye and Lei Mu came out, the other professors were also ready to move, but it was not good for several professors to find a student who had not yet officially entered the school, so they had to press it first.
这时教授们还不知道王叶已经知道他中了千木之毒，都想着要对这可怜孩子隐瞒此事。
At this time, the professors didn't know that Wang Ye already knew that he had been poisoned by a thousand trees, and they all wanted to hide it from this poor child.
学校各处都有转账和查阅学生牌内详细信息的魔器。 There are magic weapons throughout the school to transfer money and check the details of the student's card.
可怜孩子王叶从尼约教授的研究室出来第一件事就是找到查询魔器，当看到两百学分到账，立刻就转了一半给雷木。
The first thing the poor boy Wang Ye did when he came out of Professor Niyo's laboratory was to find the inquiry magic weapon, and when he saw that the two hundred credits had arrived, he immediately transferred half of it to Lei Mu.
雷木无奈：“我不用，你自己留着。” Lei Mu was helpless: "I don't need it, you keep it yourself." ”
王叶摆摆手：“你以后要学习炼金术，肯定需要大量材料，就是那些炼金室租用都要学分。我嘛，我有预感，我不会缺学分。”
Wang Ye waved his hand: "If you want to learn alchemy in the future, you will definitely need a lot of materials, even those alchemy room rentals will have to be credited." Well, I have a hunch that I won't be out of credits. ”
雷木：“你不会想继续卖血吧？” Reimu: "You don't want to continue selling blood, do you?" ”
王叶神秘一笑：“当然不，东西越少才会越珍贵，多了就不稀奇了，我决定至少一个月不会再卖血。”
Wang Ye smiled mysteriously: "Of course not, the less things there are, the more precious they are, and the more they are, the more they are, I have decided that I will not sell blood for at least a month." ”
雷木看王叶似乎完全没把千木之毒放在心上，他绷紧的心也略微放松了一点：“你不怕？”
Lei Mu saw that Wang Ye didn't seem to take the poison of Qianmu to heart at all, and his tense heart relaxed a little: "You're not afraid?" ”
“怕什么？千木之毒？”王叶怎么可能不怕？他重生后就特别怕死，尤其是毫无意义的死亡。但是……如果他的推测是真，他相信那破书一定有解决千木之毒的方法。
"Afraid of what? The poison of a thousand trees? "How could Wang Ye not be afraid? After he was reborn, he was especially afraid of death, especially a meaningless death. But...... If his speculation was true, he believed that the broken book must have a solution to the poison of a thousand trees.
王叶左右看看，对雷木使了个眼色，才道：“怕又能怎样呢？我就算怕得要死，那毒还是在我身上，那还不如平常心对待，说不定我运气好，学校哪位教授就把解药研究出来了。”
Wang Ye looked left and right, glanced at Lei Mu, and then said, "What can I do if I'm afraid?" Even if I'm scared to death, the poison is still on me, so it's better to treat it with a normal heart, maybe I'm lucky, and some professor in the school will research the antidote. ”
雷木看懂王叶的眼神，那是要进入虫巢再详细说的意思。
Lei Mu understood Wang Ye's eyes, which meant to enter the insect nest and then say it in detail.
王叶又道：“你也不用太担心，千木之毒是慢性毒，我至少还有两三年可活，这么长时间，总能想出办法。而且不是我吹，就算我暂时还不能解决这个毒，只要给我时间和材料专心研究，我至少能做出延长活命时间的药物。”
Wang Ye said again: "You don't have to worry too much, the poison of a thousand trees is a chronic poison, I have at least two or three years to live, and I can always come up with a way for such a long time." And it's not me who blows, even if I can't solve this poison for the time being, as long as I am given time and materials to concentrate on research, I can at least make drugs that prolong my life. ”
雷木最担心的是：“刚才那位教授可是说了，这种毒会损毁一个人的资质，最先毁的就是精神力，如果你精神力甚至精神核受损，你……还能做出解药吗？”
What Lei Mu was most worried about was: "The professor just said that this kind of poison will destroy a person's qualifications, and the first thing to destroy is spiritual power, if your mental power or even spiritual core is damaged, you ...... Can an antidote still be made? ”
王叶瞥了眼雷木，幽幽道：“木木，你显然对爸爸的能力还认识不足。”
Wang Ye glanced at Lei Mu and said faintly: "Mu Mu, you obviously don't know enough about your father's ability. ”
雷木：“……看来那位教授拿出来的两瓶药剂效果很好。”小叶子这会儿不说活蹦乱跳，至少不再是有气无力。
Remu: "...... It seems that the two bottles of potion that the professor took out worked well. "Xiao Yezi is not jumping around at this time, at least he is no longer weak.
王叶咧嘴一笑：“确实不错，如果能再来一瓶就好了。”
Wang Ye grinned: "It's really good, it would be nice if I could have another bottle." ”
雷木无语地拍拍他的脑袋，还占便宜没够了。 Reimu patted his head speechlessly, it wasn't enough to take advantage.
王叶脸上在笑，垂下的眼眸中闪过厉色。他就说他的精神力怎么会被消耗得那么严重，连喝了养魂液都没多大效果。说不定他的养魂液和他的精神力都被挪用了，就跟刚才他喝下去的那瓶精神源修复药剂一样。
Wang Ye was smiling on his face, and his lowered eyes flashed fiercely. He said that how could his spiritual power be consumed so badly, and even drinking soul nourishing liquid didn't have much effect. Maybe his soul nourishing liquid and his spiritual power were misappropriated, just like the bottle of spiritual source repair potion he drank just now.
而想验证这点并不难。 And it's not hard to verify.
雷木和王叶找到宿舍楼，又在宿管指点下找到自己的宿舍。
Lei Mu and Wang Ye found the dormitory building, and then found their dormitory under the guidance of the dormitory manager.
因为两人没指定，宿舍管理处就把两人安排到了一间正好还差两个人的大房间。
Because the two did not designate, the dormitory management arranged the two to a large room that happened to be two people away.
房间在二楼，进去后倒也窗明几净，而且并不是大通铺，也不是就排列了十二张床，到底是魔法学校的宿舍，哪怕是多人宿舍，隐私性也能保持得很好。
The room is on the second floor, and the windows are bright and clean after entering, and it's not a big bunk, and it's not just a dozen beds, it's a dormitory for a magic school, even if it's a multi-person dormitory, privacy can be maintained very well.
王叶进入宿舍，眼睛就亮了，他没想到十二人大宿舍竟然会是这样的宿舍。
When Wang Ye entered the dormitory, his eyes lit up, he didn't expect that the dormitory of twelve people would be such a dormitory.
整个房间肯定使用了空间魔法，房间呈圆形，四周一共有十二棵翠绿的一看就活着的树木。
The whole room must have used spatial magic, the room was circular in shape, and there were a total of twelve trees around it that were green and alive at first glance.
十二棵树木围绕的中间部分摆了一张大圆桌，圆桌边放着十二张凳子，明显就是给宿舍学生们交流之用。
A large round table is placed in the middle of the twelve trees, and twelve stools are placed next to the round table, which is obviously used for the students in the dormitory to communicate.
每隔四颗树木，还有一条天然缝隙透入明亮的光线。房顶是十二棵树木的树枝交缠构成，隐约也撒下阳光。房间里还有自然风吹拂。
Every four trees, there is a natural crevice that lets in bright light. The roof is made up of twelve trees with intertwined branches, and the sunlight is faintly cast. There was also a natural breeze blowing in the room.
明明是室内，却宛如身处室外。 It's indoors, but it's like you're outside.
树干上有门，打开门进去，里面有桌有椅，两侧墙壁内凹形成架子，还有一扇小小的能向外推开的窗户，整体空间很小，但足够四个人围着桌子坐下。
There is a door in the trunk of the tree, open the door and enter, there are tables and chairs inside, the walls on both sides are recessed to form shelves, and there is a small window that can be pushed outward, the overall space is small, but enough for four people to sit around the table.
最妙的是房间木头墙壁上有几个落脚点，和垂下来的藤蔓，可以让你抓着藤蔓踩着落脚点爬到第二层，这竟然是个小跃层。
The best part is that there are several footholds on the wooden walls of the room, and hanging vines, which allow you to climb to the second level by grabbing the vines and stepping on the footholds, which is actually a small leap.
第二层空间无论高度还是面积都跟下面差不多大，放着一张单人床，单人床紧靠窗台，窗台可以放东西，四面墙壁有挂钩，可以挂衣服。
The second floor is about the same height and size as the one below, with a single bed next to the windowsill where you can put things, and hooks on the four walls to hang clothes.
宿舍里没有洗澡间和厕所，需要到楼层两边尽头。 There are no showers or toilets in the dormitory, so you need to go to the ends of the floors.
但这样的集体宿舍在保证个人隐私的基础上，又创造了良好的交流环境，还是免费，又充满奇趣，王叶不禁庆幸他和雷木幸好听了别人的劝。
But on the basis of ensuring personal privacy, such a collective dormitory also creates a good communication environment, it is still free, and full of fun, Wang Ye can't help but be glad that he and Lei Mu fortunately listened to the persuasion of others.
雷木也对这样的宿舍很满意，两人按照门牌号码找到两人的树屋。
Lei Mu was also very satisfied with such a dormitory, and the two of them found the treehouse for two according to the house number.
来得迟，他们没得选，最靠近大门边的两个树屋就是他们的。
They didn't have a choice, they didn't have to choose, the two treehouses closest to the gate were theirs.
不过两人也不在意，看了看彼此的树屋，发现里面的高度最低二米五，最高可以随着入住者的身高而改变，房间虽小，却一点也不逼仄。
However, the two didn't care, looked at each other's treehouses, and found that the minimum height inside was two meters five, and the maximum could be changed with the height of the occupants.
两人一致觉得右边的那间木屋看起来更舒服，王叶就放弃左边那间，待在了雷木这里。
The two of them agreed that the wooden house on the right looked more comfortable, so Wang Ye gave up the one on the left and stayed here in Lei Mu.
有人发现有新人住进宿舍，就走过来想要结识，结果那两人一来就把房门紧闭，显然不太想和外界交流。
Someone found out that a newcomer was living in the dormitory, so they came over to get acquainted, but as soon as the two arrived, the door was closed, obviously not wanting to communicate with the outside world.
魔法师孤僻的人不少，来人也不在意，都住在同一个大宿舍里，今天见不到，以后也能见到。
There are a lot of lonely magicians, and they don't care about the people who come, they all live in the same big dormitory, and they can't see each other today, but they can see them in the future.
王叶爬到了二楼，他发现二楼有两个窗户，一个对着宿舍外面，一个对着宿舍里面。
Wang Ye climbed to the second floor, and he found that there were two windows on the second floor, one facing the outside of the dormitory and the other facing the inside of the dormitory.
推开对着宿舍里面的窗户，探头就能看到中间那张大圆桌，简直就是聊天看热闹的最佳位置。
Push open the window facing the dormitory, and you can see the large round table in the middle, which is simply the best place to chat and watch the excitement.
下面有人走过，可能注意到王叶的目光，抬头对他摆了摆手。
Someone walking by below, probably noticing Wang Ye's gaze, raised his head and waved his hand at him.
王叶也对他摆摆手。 Wang Ye also waved his hand at him.
那人刚想说话，王叶就把窗户关上了。 As soon as the man wanted to speak, Wang Ye closed the window.
这可不是王叶故意，他就是推窗看看环境，看完了还有重要的事要办。
This is not Wang Ye's intention, he just pushed the window to look at the environment, and there are important things to do after reading it.
而且宿舍有趣归有趣，但真要住下来和谈事情，当然远不如虫巢来的舒服和隐秘。
And the dormitory is interesting and interesting, but if you really want to live and talk about things, of course, it is far less comfortable and private than the hive.
“你觉得学校会监视宿舍内的情况吗？”王叶问正推开对面窗户向外看的雷木。
"Do you think the school will monitor the situation in the dormitory?" Wang Yewen was pushing open the opposite window and looking out at Lei Mu.
雷木合上那扇外窗，推测：“应该不会。” Lei Mu closed the exterior window and speculated, "Probably not." ”
王叶点头：“我也这么想，监测魔法可不便宜，放在校区和公众区也就算了，不至于连宿舍内都不放过。”
Wang Ye nodded: "I think so too, monitoring magic is not cheap, and it is okay to put it on the campus and in the public area, so that you don't even let go of the dormitory." ”
“不过应该有警戒设施，比如有人打架打毁房屋或放火或做实验爆炸，宿舍九成会有反应。”
"But there should be security facilities, such as someone fighting and destroying a house or setting fire or doing an experimental explosion, and the dormitory will respond ninety percent."
“我们回家。”王叶用家代替了虫巢。 "Let's go home." Wang Ye replaced the hive with a home.
雷木懂得：“你等等，这棵树是活的，也许我可以和它交流看看。”
Lei Mu understood: "Wait, this tree is alive, maybe I can communicate with it." ”
王叶兴奋：“对啊，你现在可是激活了精灵血脉。” Wang Ye was excited: "Yes, you have activated the elven bloodline now." ”
雷木手按在树屋的墙壁上，默默感知和沟通，他的头发逐渐转变为墨绿色。
Lei Mu's hand pressed against the wall of the treehouse, silently perceiving and communicating, his hair gradually turning dark green.
王叶瞅着还觉得挺好看。 Wang Ye looked at it and thought it was very good-looking.
这个过程意外得比较长，王叶从坐着慢慢变成了躺着，顺便又刷了些题。
This process was unexpectedly long, Wang Ye slowly changed from sitting to lying down, and brushed some questions by the way.
过了大约半个小时，雷木才放下手掌，睁开眼睛。 It took about half an hour for Lei Mu to lower his palm and open his eyes.
他的眼珠都转变成了墨绿色。 His eyes turned dark green.
“怎么说？”王叶坐起身问。 "How?" Wang Ye sat up and asked.
雷木露出微笑：“这棵树的意识还不完善，只有植物本能，不过通过它，我感知到了覆盖这树屋的魔法，没有监视魔法，只有空间魔法、恢复类魔法和守护类魔法。我也确实没有感到被监视之感。”
Lei Mu smiled: "This tree's consciousness is not perfect, only plant instincts, but through it, I perceive the magic that covers this tree house, there is no monitoring magic, only space magic, recovery magic, and guardian magic. I really didn't feel watched. ”
“那就好。”虽然觉得学校不可能做出监视宿舍内部的没品事，但能确定这点还是让两人更为放心。
"That's good." Although they felt that it was impossible for the school to do anything wrong to monitor the inside of the dormitory, it was still more reassuring for the two to be sure of this.
当即，王叶就拉着雷木进入虫巢。 Immediately, Wang Ye pulled Lei Mu into the hive.
“那破书坑死我了！”王叶一通叽里咕噜，把他得到破书后的经历全都告诉了雷木，除了涉及到这本书的因果以外。
"I'm dead in that book pit!" Wang Ye grunted and told Lei Mu all about his experience after getting the broken book, except for the cause and effect of the book.
“怪不得你让我把它冲进厕所里。”雷木好笑又头疼：“这书的本意应该是好的，绝大多数人都具有懒性，不会把全部精力放在学习上，更不会时时刻刻都在背书。但严重到影响你的日常活动和其他学习，更影响到你的精神力和精神核，这就比较麻烦了。”
"No wonder you made me flush it down the toilet." Lei Mu was amused and had a headache: "The original intention of this book should be good, most people are lazy, they will not put all their energy on studying, and they will not endorse books all the time." But if it's serious enough to affect your daily activities and other studies, and even more so to affect your mental power and spiritual core, it's more troublesome. ”
王叶心想还有更麻烦的，当即掏出那本破书，用力扔在地上，再一脚踩上去，大声冷哼道：“这破书其实已经没什么用了。”
Wang Ye thought that there was more trouble, so he immediately took out the broken book, threw it on the ground hard, stepped on it again, and snorted loudly: "This broken book is actually useless. ”
雷木看他发泄似地踩踏书本，有些吃惊，小叶子虽然有些欠揍，但也不至于做出这种事情。其实从小叶子平日言谈就能看出，他是很尊重知识的人。
Lei Mu was a little surprised to see him stepping on the book as if venting, although Xiao Yezi was a little underbeaten, but he would not do such a thing. In fact, it can be seen from Xiao Yezi's daily speech that he is a person who respects knowledge very much.
可王叶用力在那本破书上踩了四五脚，还一脚踢出老远。
But Wang Ye stepped on the broken book four or five times, and kicked it far away.
“狗屁的疯药王，就这种水平还想成为药圣，怪不得疯了，没本事还想研究药草辨认术，妄想得到神灵的能力，咋不撒泡尿照照自己有没有那个能力呢？”
"The crazy medicine king, at this level, he still wants to become a medicine saint, no wonder he is crazy, he still wants to study the herb identification technique without ability, and he wants to get the ability of the gods, why don't he pee and take care of whether he has that ability?"
雷木瞠目结舌。那位疯药王可是传说中的人物，这样辱骂他，好吗？何况小叶子还算是得到了对方的传承，不管他愿意不愿意。
Lei Mu was dumbfounded. That mad medicine king is a legendary figure, so insulting him like this, okay? What's more, Xiao Yezi can be regarded as having obtained the inheritance of the other party, whether he wants it or not.
王叶让雷木见识到刚才那两句评论只是小儿科，他接下来滔滔不绝地点评了疯药王的一生——他知道的，都是他师父告诉他的。
Wang Ye let Lei Mu see that the two comments just now were just pediatrics, and he then commented on the life of the Mad Medicine King - what he knew was what his master told him.
但他师父告诉他的绝对是好话，可到了王叶嘴里，就成了：
But what his master told him was definitely good words, but when it came to Wang Ye's mouth, it became:
“心比天高，命比纸薄。没有那金刚钻就别揽那瓷器活，凡人非要做出超越凡人的事情，就是自取其辱。”
"The heart is higher than the sky, and life is thinner than paper. If you don't have that diamond, don't take that porcelain job, and if a mortal wants to do something beyond mortals, he will bring humiliation on himself. ”
“看似德高望重，实际人人嘲笑。一辈子没老婆没孩子，也没几个好朋友，更连一个弟子都没有留下来。这样的人不是生理有问题，就是心理有缺陷，而一个心理有缺陷的人，未来成就永远都高不到哪里去。”
"It seems to be highly respected, but in fact everyone laughs at it. I have no wife or children all my life, and I don't have a few good friends, and I haven't even left a disciple. Such a person is either physically or psychologically defective, and a person with psychological defects will never achieve much higher in the future. ”
“狂妄自大，嫉贤妒能，自命不凡，刚愎自用，井底之蛙，鼠目寸光，更自以为是，运气还差。自己做不到就心理扭曲到处害人，尤其见不得年少天才。死了都不会变成好鬼，只会变成恶心人的恶灵。”
"Arrogance, jealousy, pretentiousness, self-righteousness, frog at the bottom of the well, rat-eyed, more self-righteous, and unlucky. If you can't do it, you will be psychologically distorted and hurt people everywhere, especially if you can't see young geniuses. If you die, you won't become a good ghost, but you will only become a disgusting evil spirit. ”
雷木觉得如果疯药王渊下有知，听了王叶对他的点评，大概也能气得从无尽深渊里爬回来。
Lei Mu felt that if the mad medicine Wang Yuanxia knew about it, and listened to Wang Ye's comments on him, he would probably be able to climb back from the endless abyss in anger.
实际上…… As a matter of fact......
“啊啊啊！”王叶突然抱头惨叫起来。 "Ahhh Wang Ye suddenly hugged his head and screamed.
雷木吓了一跳，正要去抓王叶。 Lei Mu was startled and was about to catch Wang Ye.
就听王叶突然又疯狂大笑，更大喊道：“来啊！互相折磨啊！有种你弄死小爷，小爷死了你也别想活！你他妈再折腾老子的精神力，小爷马上就自爆精神核！”
I heard Wang Ye suddenly laugh wildly again, and shouted even more: "Come on! Torture each other! There is a kind of you kill the master, and you don't want to live if the master dies! If you toss Lao Tzu's spiritual power again, the master will immediately blow up the spiritual core! ”
“你看我敢不敢！” "See if I dare!"
王叶不知道做了什么，他的耳鼻眼口突然流出鲜血，他的额头更是暴涨出一条条青筋，看起来极为可怕。
Wang Ye didn't know what he had done, blood suddenly flowed from his ears, nose, eyes, and mouth, and his forehead swelled with green tendons, which looked extremely terrifying.
“哈哈哈！小爷不怕疼，我们看谁先受不了！” "Hahaha! The master is not afraid of pain, let's see who can't stand it first! ”
那本被踢飞的破书忽然如被风吹舞一般，书页哗哗翻动，转眼就变成了一本奢华却低调的魔法书。
The broken book that had been kicked away suddenly seemed to be blown by the wind, and the pages of the book turned over with a clatter, and in the blink of an eye, it became a luxurious but low-key magic book.
但这时却没有一个人在意它。 But no one cared about it at the time.
王叶眼口鼻耳流出的鲜血更多。 Wang Ye's eyes, mouth, nose, and ears flowed more blood.
雷木急了：“小叶子，停下来！不管你在做什么，都给我停下来！”
Lei Mu was anxious: "Little leaf, stop!" Whatever you're doing, stop me! ”
王叶疯狂大笑：“不！想要威胁我？想要掐住我的脖子？做梦！还敢给小爷下毒，我死之前，肯定你先完蛋！”
Wang Ye laughed wildly: "No! Want to threaten me? Want to choke me by the neck? Dream! I dare to poison my master, before I die, I am sure you will be finished first! ”
王叶突然开始大量吸收虫巢中的精神能量。 Wang Ye suddenly began to absorb a large amount of spiritual energy from the insect nest.
整个虫巢都响起了尖锐的风啸声。 A shrill wind whistle rang out throughout the hive.
金宝和小光全都被惊动，大量浮游光虫一起飞了过来。 Jinbao and Xiaoguang were all alarmed, and a large number of planktonic light insects flew over together.
雷木不知道王叶在干什么，也不好去强行阻止他，因为他感觉到王叶在心中阻止他靠近，让他不要插手他的所作所为。
Lei Mu didn't know what Wang Ye was doing, and he couldn't forcibly stop him, because he felt that Wang Ye was stopping him from approaching in his heart, telling him not to interfere in what he was doing.
王叶整个身体都被看不见的风（精神能量）给包裹，他的头发根根竖起，衣服也一点点开裂。
当他脸上的皮肤也开始开裂时，雷木忽然感觉到有什么东西从王叶脑袋中分离出来。
那是一条极淡的影子，那影子竟然冲到他身边，对他大吼：“快！养魂液拿出来！那小子疯了！”
雷木镇定地道：“没有养魂液，养魂贝只听王叶的。”
那影子似乎快要维持不住人形，边缘都开始变得飘忽，听说雷木拿不到养魂液，那影子禁不住破口大骂：“那个小兔崽子死不要命的小混蛋！还说我疯，他才是真的疯，我不就是借他的精神核养养魂魄嘛，他竟然为了赶我出来不惜自爆自己的精神核！”
雷木脸色大变。
那影子也疯狂大笑：“那小子完了，他的精神核已经毁掉一半，就算他能制作出千木之毒的解药，他也废了！活该，让他这么小气。”
雷木顾不上研究这影子是谁，以及他对王叶做了什么，他用最快速度扑到了王叶面前，并不管王叶拒绝与否，就把自己的精神力灌入王叶身体中。
王叶一开始还不想连累雷木，但雷木坚持。
王叶又本能的需要大量精神力。
逐渐的，两人的精神力纠缠到了一起。
当雷木的精神力被王叶轻轻推回，这场突发事故也宣告结束。
王叶一屁股坐到地上，他表面很惨，可他脸上却露出了极为轻松的笑意。
他惜命，但他更恨别人控制他。
他不知道也就算了，既然被他察觉，那就不可能任由对方操纵下去。
学习知识，他很喜欢，但他不喜欢被强迫。
更不要说对方不但强迫他学习，还对他下毒，更偷偷藏在他的精神核里窃取他的精神力滋养他自身。
那影子看到王叶似乎恢复，转身就跑没了，竟像是对王叶忌惮无比。
王叶冷哼，手中忽然出现一物，并抛了抛。
某影子在暗地里磨牙。
王叶则满是得意地笑，得到这个东西和那本书，也不枉他拼一场。
“小叶子？”雷木扶住王叶的背。
眼见能量风暴结束，金宝和小光和浮游光虫群这才敢靠过来。
金宝飞快窜进王叶怀里，竟然钻入了他的衣服里面，紧紧贴在他的胸口：“爸~叽~”
王叶懒得把小家伙揪出来，对小光一群挥挥手，让它们不用担心，随后顺势往雷木怀里一倒。
他没和雷木说谢谢，因为用不着，他最真实的心情，雷木都能感觉得到，就像他也能感觉得到雷木对他的紧张和着急，以及刚才不顾一切送出自己精神力的决然。
雷木那样做，几乎就是把自己的精神力硬塞到他嘴里给他吃。
“你的精神核怎样了？”
“木木，你别担心，我精神核好好的，我怎么可能为那么一个家伙自爆自己的精神核，我就是吓吓他。”
当然过程不可能像他说的这么轻巧。
当他察觉疯药王极有可能躲在那本书里一起进入了他的精神核，他就知道想要把这家伙抓出来不容易。
那家伙把自己的精神波动和那本书的能量波动几乎融合为一体。
就连因果卷上展示出来的都是那本书，而不是疯药王本人，因为因果卷默认疯药王的幽灵就是那本书的书灵。
为了把疯药王逼出来，他破口大骂，骂得要有多戳人心就有多戳人心。
他从师父口中了解到的疯药王是个才华横溢、惊才绝艳之人，这种人最不能忍受的就是你在他的才华上批评他、鄙视他。
果然，疯药王被他骂得精神力波动。
这一丝波动也让他抓住了对方，迅速就对疯药王施展【自投罗网】和【纠缠不休】，拖拽住他的精神核，让他无法藏回那本书中。
紧接着他就使用【恶有恶报】，诅咒类攻击，疯药王给予他多少伤害，就能反弹疯药王多少伤害。但诅咒类攻击会反噬，所以他才会七窍流血，就宛如千木之毒提前爆发。
偏偏千木之毒对于精神力和精神核都有极大毒性，就算疯药王变成幽灵也逃不掉。
疯药王至此已经和那本书彻底分开，但其还想逃回他的精神核。
王叶当然不能允许。
之后他又用出【因小失大】，这招是献祭术，他疯狂吸收虫巢中的精神力，把吸收来的精神力百分之九十九都用作祭品，给予疯药王两倍到十倍的精神力攻击。
他献祭的物品越珍贵、能量越多，疯药王得到的精神力伤害就越重。
他再口称自爆精神核，当那股庞大的精神力袭击到疯药王身上时，疯药王就真的以为他自爆了精神核。
精神核都自爆了，那还有必要再待下去吗？
而且疯药王的幽灵体并没有恢复多少，接连几个大招，让其受到很大伤害。
疯药王大约也害怕被他强行吸收，不得不从他的精神核里主动逃出。
王叶要的就是让他离开。
之前疯药王能进入他的精神核，主要还是靠的那本书上附带的魔法阵。
王叶脑中虽然有保护精神核的魔法阵，但还是被那本书裹挟着疯药王一起强势进入。
但变成幽灵体的疯药王的精神力远不如那本魔法书，只要把他赶出去，再切断他和那本书之间的联系，他就无法再进入他的精神核。
“看！”王叶炫耀他抢到的圆球。
雷木好奇：“这是什么？”
王叶：“一个还未完全成功的药·草辨认球，你可以把它当做魔器，也可以把它当做魔植。这应该是疯药王留给真传弟子的礼物。”
想到上辈子这东西没有被任何人发现，就那么落入火山口，真是万分可惜了。
雷木闻言眼睛也亮了：“听起来是个好东西。能契约吗？你赶紧契约它。你走炼药一道，这东西对你太有用了。”
王叶摇头，不带丝毫骄傲，却又满含傲意地道：“我用不着这东西，它虽然能辅助我，但也会让我变得懒惰、变得依赖它，只要我把那本药学宝典上的内容都记下来并融会贯通，有没有这个球都一样。我打算把它送给我师父当拜师礼，这东西更适合我师父。”
雷木终于忍不住问道：“拜师礼？你别告诉我，你还没有拜师。”
王叶嘿嘿一笑，不说详细。
雷木想要敲他脑袋，看他一身惨样，到底没舍得下手。
某影子在暗中捶地。臭小疯子小混蛋真的太没眼光了，竟然把他平生的得意之作那么不放在眼里！啊啊啊，气炸。
王叶收起那球，拉了拉雷木的衣服：“木木，我不是有意瞒你，等以后我会全部告诉你，但现在还不行。”
雷木摆摆手，他不是那么小气的人：“刚才从你身上冒出来一条影子，他现在不在周围，看来是躲起来了。”
雷木放出精神力扫视周围，没找到代表幽灵的光芒。
王叶冷笑：“他躲在钟乳洞里了，他倒是精明，知道贝贝在那里，哪怕贝贝没有给出养魂液，只贝贝生活的地方就对灵魂体有滋养作用。”
虫巢的一切全都在他的心念之间，那老家伙藏得再隐秘也没用。
“这一切到底是怎么回事？”雷木看王叶一身血痂，对那疯药王没有半点好感。
王叶就稍微补充说明了下：“疯药王死前写了一本包罗万象的魔法药典，这本书很了不起。很可能这本书也耗尽了他的精力，我怀疑他在死前把自己所有的精神力都转移到了书中，如此，他死后才会那么顺利地附着在书籍中，变成了类似书灵一般的存在。那本书也才能突破我的精神力防守网，进入我的精神核。”
“书灵？”
“就是书籍自己生出来的灵魂，不过疯药王还不能算真正的书灵，但他可以控制这本书。”
王叶打开因果卷，手指点着疯药王的名字，根据看到的内容继续推测：“疯药王的幽灵附着在这本书上已经有两百多年。他应该一直在寻找能继承这本书、继承他的学术的传人，但他运气不太好，一直没找到合适的。”
王叶冷哼：“我怀疑这两百多年间，这个疯药王害死了不少资质优秀的药师。幸好真正能打开这本书的人极少，不能打开的更多，疯药王虽然疯，也是比较挑剔的，没有遇到合适的，他也不会随便让书显露出真面目。最后这本变得破破烂烂的绝世珍宝就落到了那名杂货店老板手中，可惜那老板不识货，把书扔到了抽奖箱中。”
一道精神力远远传来，那是疯药王愤怒的叫声：“我没害人！我一直在书中沉眠！我把精神力都转移到这本书上后，我就睡着了，一直到你这个小混蛋唤醒我！”
王叶改口：“哦，我明白了，疯药王大概就没有意识到他自己变成了幽灵，可有一天一个天才，也就是我碰触到这本书，把他惊醒了。可悲的是，疯药王一醒来就发现他快消失了。”
疯药王：“呸！” Mad Medicine King: "Phew! ”
王叶对手下败将十分宽宏大量：“当我使用魔法阵想要让那本书显出真容时，疯药王也通过那个魔法阵和我献祭的药丸，判断出我应该是一名基础牢靠的超一流天才药师。而醒来的疯药王好不容易再次获得意识，自然也不想就这么消散，于是就当机立断让那本书带着他一起撞入我的精神核。”
Wang Ye was very magnanimous to his defeated generals: "When I used the magic array to make that book show its true face, the Mad Medicine King also judged that I should be a super-first-class genius pharmacist with a solid foundation through that magic array and the pill I sacrificed. And the mad medicine king who woke up finally gained consciousness again, and naturally he didn't want to dissipate like this, so he immediately decided to let the book crash into my spiritual core with him. ”
疯药王没有反驳，雷木暗想王叶推测的应该八九不离十。
The Mad Medicine King didn't refute, and Lei Mu secretly thought that Wang Ye's speculation should be eight or nine.
“原本这老家伙还不会那么快作妖，他的残魂虚弱得要死。可那天我不是先喝了一瓶精神力补充药剂，之后又喝了一点养魂液吗？结果这两样东西没怎么滋补我，倒是让疯药王的残魂恢复了不少，尤其是养魂液。”王叶小心眼发作。
"Originally, this old guy wouldn't be so quick to become a demon, and his remnant soul was so weak that he died. But didn't I drink a bottle of spiritual power replenishment potion first that day, and then drink a little soul nourishing liquid? As a result, these two things didn't nourish me much, but they made the remnant soul of the Mad Medicine King recover a lot, especially the soul nourishing liquid. Wang Ye was cautious.
“那老混蛋大概觉得跟着我有利可图，也想骗到更多养魂液，就故意操纵那药学宝典折磨我。而且老混蛋还躲在我的精神核里偷偷吸收我的精神力，这才导致我精神不济到考试中睡着的程度。”
"That old bastard probably thought it was profitable to follow me, and he also wanted to trick him into more soul nourishing liquid, so he deliberately manipulated the medicine book to torture me. And the old bastard was still hiding in my mental core and secretly absorbing my mental power, which caused me to be mentally weak to the point of falling asleep during the exam. ”
雷木直接道：“我可以解决他。”
疯药王：有种在我活着的时候，你当着我的面说这话！ Mad Medicine King: There was a kind of thing when I was alive, you said this to my face!
王叶小小纠结，过了好一会儿才说：“算了，师父崇拜这家伙，要是以后知道我弄死了这老疯子的残魂，一定会骂我暴殄天物。而且师父应该很想见见这个老疯子。”
疯药王暗中吐出一口气，不承认他刚刚被吓出了一身魂汗。
The Mad Medicine King secretly exhaled a breath, not admitting that he had just been scared out of a soul sweat.
可能是逃过一劫的缘故？疯药王忽然对小疯子的师父充满好感，十分期待和对方见面。一个崇拜自己的药师，还是这个小疯子的师父，他的安全度也能再拔高一些吧？
第118章 泡澡药 Chapter 118: Bathing Medicine
王叶还有推测没说出来。 Wang Ye still speculated that he hadn't said.
他合理怀疑上辈子疯药王没能等到烟花下的寂寞，很可能烟花下的寂寞摸到那本书时，疯药王的残魂已经溃散。
He reasonably suspected that the mad medicine king in his previous life had not been able to wait for the loneliness under the fireworks, and it was likely that the loneliness under the fireworks had already broken down when he touched the book.
这样也能解释烟花下的寂寞的老师为何能顺利打开那本书，却没有被书籍撞入脑中以及被强迫学习。
This would also explain why the lonely teacher under the fireworks was able to open the book without being bumped into the book and forced to study.
因为操纵那个魔法阵的疯药王残魂已经溃散，疯药王残留的精神力只能自动运行隐藏书籍真面目的魔法阵。
Because the remnant soul of the Mad Medicine King who manipulated that magic array had collapsed, the remaining spiritual power of the Mad Medicine King could only automatically run the magic array that hid the true face of the book.
而千木之毒很可能是疯药王对弟子的考验之一，当疯药王意识散去，考验也就显得没必要。也有可能疯药王的残魂溃散前，担心此后打开这本书的人无法解决千木之毒，就把这考验取消了。
And the poison of a thousand trees is likely to be one of the tests of the Mad Medicine King to his disciples, and when the Mad Medicine King's consciousness dissipates, the test will be unnecessary. It is also possible that before the remnant soul of the Mad Medicine King collapsed, he was worried that the person who opened the book would not be able to solve the poison of a thousand trees, so he canceled this test.
当然也可能那巫师就是个外行，书籍判断他无法接受考验，就只传承知识了。
Of course, it may also be that the wizard is a layman, and the books judge that he cannot be tested, so he only passes on knowledge.
雷木摸摸王叶的脑袋：“现在那本书对你还有影响吗？”
Lei Mu touched Wang Ye's head: "Does that book still have an impact on you now?" ”
王叶得意地笑：“没了，我已经得到那本书的完全控制权。那本书自己没有产生意识，能操纵它的疯药王残魂被我赶走，现在它只有基本教学功能。虽然一样有考试，不过它已无法再强迫和限制我的学习时间，而考试也变成了我阶段验证自己学习水平的方式。”
“也就是说你现在想什么时候学就什么时候学？想什么时候考试就什么时候考试？”
“不止如此，这部书分上中下三部，现在后面两部的内容我也都能打开了。”光只是背基础篇多没意思，当然是药方和术法一起学才更科学。王叶又小小鄙视了下疯药王的教学方法。
“那千木之毒呢？”这是雷木最关心的问题。
“千……嗯？”王叶忽然低头看向自己胸口，他的胸口突然亮起金灿灿的光芒。
那光芒不断扩散，竟然逐渐笼罩住他全身。
一股微弱的意识传递给他。
王叶迅速运转能量吸收这金色光芒。
金色光芒没能维持太久，也就一分钟不到就散去了。
但王叶睁开眼睛时，却怎么都掩不住脸上的惊讶和惊喜。
雷木有所感觉：“是金宝？”
王叶满脸不可置信：“这小东西竟然……”
王叶从怀里拎出紧紧贴在他胸口的金色小四脚蛇，就见手指长的金宝儿软绵绵地垂着，嘴里发出了低不可闻的微弱叫声：“皮卡叽~”
雷木接过金宝，给他输送了一些能量。
虽然他是木系，金宝是金系，但同是精灵族，木系能量也不克金系，他输送的能量多少对金宝儿有些帮助。
雷木看金宝睡着，转手就把金宝送入精灵空间。
说来也奇怪，精灵空间不能接受其他有生命的生物，却能接受活的精灵族。
王叶神色复杂，他再也没想到这个往日只会吃他的、喝他的，还会气他的小坑货，竟然会在他最虚弱的时候，给予了他最需要的帮助。
虽说他没有金宝的帮助，他也能在一段时日后恢复过来。但他也不得不承认有了金宝的资助，他不但现在就恢复得差不多，他的身体还获得了莫大好处。
说来也巧，他前段时间刚对自己使用了无垢洗髓液，那份强大的药力并没有被他完全吸收，在发现身体受损后，无垢洗髓液就开始发挥余威。
偏生就在此时，金宝用了一种可能只有金系精灵才知道的秘法，把金系元素送入他体内，用以强化他的身体，尤其是他的骨骼和皮肤。
无垢洗髓液加上金宝的秘法，两相结合，不但没有互相抵触，更生出了相乘的效果。
这个人情可是欠大了。
不对，应该说他和金宝之间的因果……扯平了。
因果不因果的另外说，王叶有点烦躁，他真的没想到往日调皮捣蛋老是和他作对的金宝能对他做到这种程度。
金宝现在才多大？施展这么一个秘法，对他本身肯定损伤不小，可金宝还是做了。
“小坑货！”王叶咕哝，他不喜欢欠人，更何况是欠小婴儿的。
雷木拍拍他：“别骂他了，金宝真的很喜欢你，他平时跟你捣蛋也是一种小孩子求关注的方式。他对你这么好，搞得我都有点妒忌。”
“不用他对你好，我对你好！”
“醋精。”雷木用华夏语嘲笑王叶。
王叶抱住雷木，哼哼唧唧：“木木，我们过两天就把小坑货送回去吧，他那么小，应该在自己族人和亲人身边长大。”
雷木笑：“嗯。”
王叶和雷木回去小楼洗澡休息，回去的两人总觉得好像还忘了什么，但雷木一心追问千木之毒的问题，王叶光顾着安抚雷木，就把那谁和那谁给抛之脑后了。
小奶狗耿明趴在隔离室里睡得冒出鼻涕泡，他一进来就被扔到这里，连反抗和疑问都来不及就睡着了。
疯药王？疯药王恨不得那个小疯子立刻失忆把他忘个精光才好。
远处，失去了能量支撑的魔法书转眼又变成了之前的破烂模样。
疯药王却没有再靠近那本书。
那本书的内容可以自我复制，现在丢在外面的就是给一般弟子的，为的是不让知识传承和他的理念断绝。
小疯子脑中那本则是给亲传弟子的，内容更全面也更精深。
疯药王并不想当个书灵，之前是没办法，他也需要小疯子的精神力滋养他，现在既然被赶出来了，那自然要好好享受自由自在的生活。如今身体是没有了，但往好处想，他可以转修亡灵魔法，成为亡灵魔药师啊。
The mad medicine king didn't want to be a book spirit, he had no way before, he also needed the spiritual power of the little madman to nourish him, and now that he was kicked out, he naturally had to enjoy a free life. Now that his body is gone, he thinks that he can turn to undead magic and become an undead potion master.
说来，他对亡灵界的药物还不是特别了解，说不定他没死透，就是神灵也希望他不要浪费自己的天赋，能继续研究更多药物。
Speaking of which, he didn't know much about the drugs in the undead world, maybe he wasn't dead, and even the gods hoped that he wouldn't waste his talent and continue to research more medicines.
对，一定是这样！ Yes, it must be!
疯药王的自信又回来了。 The confidence of the Mad Medicine King is back.
次日，泡了个药澡，吃饱喝足，又好好睡了一觉的王叶一醒来，整个人就显得精神焕发。
The next day, Wang Ye, who had taken a medicinal bath, had eaten and drunk enough, and had a good night's sleep, woke up and looked refreshed.
除了脑门上那个红肿的大包，他看起来半点不像中了绝毒的人。
Except for the red and swollen bag on his head, he didn't look like a person who had been poisoned.
雷木总算想起来还有一只小奶狗，问王叶把人扔到哪儿去了。
Lei Mu finally remembered that there was a little milk dog and asked Wang Ye where he threw the person.
王叶这才响起耿明，但这怕麻烦的眼珠一转，就说道：“不用管他，他在隔离室睡得很香，也能养魂。像他这种情况，虽然附身，但如果不能和身体真正融合，他的灵魂还是会日渐衰弱，但我想耿明应该还是很想要回自己的身体。”
Wang Ye rang Geng Ming at this time, but as soon as his eyes rolled for fear of trouble, he said: "Don't worry about him, he sleeps soundly in the isolation room, and he can nourish his soul." In his case, although he is possessed, if he can't truly merge with his body, his soul will still weaken day by day, but I think Geng Ming should still want to return to his body. ”
雷木觉得有理，加上他异常信任王叶的专业（？）判断，就不再多问。
Lei Mu felt reasonable, plus he trusted Wang Ye's professionalism unusually (?). judgment, and then ask no more.
小光和一群浮游光虫抬着一本破书飞过来，啪地丢在王叶怀里。
Xiaoguang and a group of planktonic light insects flew over with a broken book and threw it into Wang Ye's arms.
“谢了。”王叶收起破书，打算找个时间扔回杂货店的抽奖箱里。
"Thank you." Wang Ye put away the broken book, planning to find a time to throw it back into the lottery box at the grocery store.
“金宝怎么样？”王叶难得地关心起小家伙。 "How's Campbell?" Wang Ye rarely cared about the little guy.
雷木精神力探入精灵空间，回答：“还好，他在休息，应该是累坏了。”
Lei Mu's spiritual power reached into the elven space and replied, "Fortunately, he is resting, he should be tired." ”
王叶：“等会儿爸爸给他做点好东西，给他补补。” Wang Ye: "Wait a while, Dad will make him something good and make up for him." ”
雷木揉揉小叶子的脑袋，他就知道小叶子也是心疼金宝儿的。
Lei Mu rubbed Xiao Yezi's head, and he knew that Xiao Yezi also felt sorry for Jin Bao'er.
对于疯药王残魂，两人一致忽略了。 For the remnant soul of the mad medicine king, the two of them unanimously ignored it.
只要疯药王还在王叶的虫巢里，他就逃不出王叶的手掌心，也别想搞出事来。
As long as the Mad Medicine King is still in Wang Ye's hive, he can't escape from Wang Ye's palm, and he doesn't want to make trouble.
疯药王已经盘算了一夜，满脑想着今天那小疯子要是来找他，他应该怎么说服对方拿出养魂液或者精神核修复药液给他。
The Mad Medicine King had been thinking about it all night, thinking about how he should persuade the other party to take out the soul nourishing liquid or the spirit core repair liquid for him if that little madman came to him today.
结果他等啊等，等到王叶和雷木两人都离开虫巢了，也没见到两人有谁来找他。
As a result, he waited and waited, and when Wang Ye and Lei Mu both left the hive, he didn't see any of the two come to him.
搞嘛？这两人到底知不知道他是谁？ What's the matter? Do these two know who he is?
他可是大名鼎鼎的余生不定啊，哪怕过了两三百年，他的大名也没有黯淡下去，相反随着能踏入药圣境界的药王越来越少，他这个近三百年最有希望踏入药圣的药王可是最让所有药师崇拜的大人物！
He is a famous person for the rest of his life, even after two or three hundred years, his name has not dimmed, on the contrary, as there are fewer and fewer medicine kings who can step into the realm of medicine saints, he, the medicine king who is the most promising to step into the medicine saint in the past three hundred years, is the most admired big man by all pharmacists!
疯药王郁闷得差点抠墙。 The Mad Medicine King was so depressed that he almost slammed the wall.
同一时间，陨星城心愿旅馆。 At the same time, the Wish Inn in Meteor City.
“姐！姐！”一个满脸红痘的少女冲出房门，一路狂冲到一楼柜台。
"Sister! Sister! A girl with a red face rushed out of the room and rushed all the way to the counter on the first floor.
老板娘被妹子凄厉的叫声吓了一跳：“你干嘛呢？一大早就鬼哭狼嚎的。”
The proprietress was startled by the girl's terrible scream: "What are you doing?" The ghost cried early in the morning. ”
少女一把抓住老板娘的胳膊，激动到语无伦次：“姐，你看我的脸，还有我的身体，我睡了一觉，我以为在做梦，天哪，我真的不是在做梦吗？姐，你打我一下。你用力打我一下！”
The girl grabbed the boss's arm and was so excited that she was incoherent: "Sister, look at my face, and my body, I slept for a while, I thought I was dreaming, my God, am I really not dreaming?" Sister, you hit me. You hit me hard! ”
老板娘目光落到妹子脸上，顿时露出愕然表情：“你的脸！？”
The proprietress looked at the girl's face, and suddenly showed a stunned expression: "Your face!?" ”
少女抚摸自己的脸，感动：“姐你告诉我，我不是做梦对吧，我的脸真的有恢复迹象了对吧？”
The girl stroked her face and was moved: "Sister, tell me, I'm not dreaming, right, my face really shows signs of recovery, right?" ”
少女说着说着就哭了出来。 The girl burst into tears as she spoke.
老板娘一看客人都在往她们这儿看，赶紧叫人过来看着柜台，她拉着妹子就进了后面的房间。
房门一关，老板娘先仔细观察少女的脸。
真的消下去不少，怎么看都比以往好得多。
“姐，镜子呢，我要看镜子！”少女急急地道。她在自己房间看过镜子了，但她不相信自己。
“别乱哄哄的。我可以保证你不是做梦。”老板娘虽然这么说，还是拿了一面镜子过来，放到少女面前。
少女看着镜子中自己的脸，又想哭。
她之前去了沼泽森林探险，也不知道沾到了什么东西，回来后脸上突然长出大片痘痘，最可怕的是这些痘痘让她又疼又痒，不小心抓破就会流出浓浆，抓破的地方也会长出更大的痘痘。
周而复始，这些痘痘就没有消下去过，她用了好多药都没用。
不但脸上，她身上也长了。
长了痘痘后，她找了好多药师，也用了好多药，可都没什么用。有的药还越用越严重。
到后来她都要绝望了，她冒着被情敌知道嘲笑的危险，回去学校奉上她能拿出的最值钱的礼物，请了魔药学院一位教授帮她查看。
教授就是教授，经过检查后，推断出她这属于体质问题，而不是单纯的中毒。
她这是碰触到某种微带毒性的菌类孢子，这种孢子对别人毒性不大，但碰到她后就引发了她的体质问题。
也就是说她会长出这些痘痘是天生的，现在不长，将来也会长，只是没有碰到那些菌类孢子的话，不会发作得这么严重。
之后教授给她配制了一些药物，但也只是改善她的情况，并没有彻底解决。
After that, the professor prepared some medicines for her, but they only improved her condition, and did not completely solve it.
教授很直白地告诉她，她这种问题因为是体质问题，必须要有能从根本改善体质的药物。但这种能改善和提升体质的药物，一向珍且贵，而且买到后也不一定就能真的解决她的问题。
The professor told her very bluntly that because her problem was a physical problem, she had to have drugs that could fundamentally improve her physical fitness. But this kind of medicine that can improve and enhance her physical fitness has always been precious and expensive, and it may not really solve her problem after buying it.
有希望就好，少女没死心，每天每天努力做任务拼命赚学分和魔晶，只求一日能买得起那种珍贵的改善体质的魔药。
It's good to have hope, the girl didn't give up, she worked hard every day to do tasks and desperately earn credits and magic crystals, just hoping that one day she could afford that precious potion to improve her physique.
如此，一年半过去，她的症状仍旧没有半点好转。这一年半中，她都不敢露出自己的脸，以前和她有点小暧昧的师兄也远离她而去，呜呜！
In this way, a year and a half later, her symptoms have not improved at all. In the past year and a half, she didn't dare to show her face, and the senior brother who had been a little ambiguous with her before also stayed away from her, woo!
谁想，昨晚她来找她姐，就在旅店休息了一个晚上，等早上醒来，她就发现困扰了她将近两年的痛苦竟然大半消失了！
Who would have thought, last night she came to her sister, rested in the hotel for a night, and when she woke up in the morning, she found that most of the pain that had plagued her for nearly two years was gone!
她脸上和身上连成片的可怕痘痘全都变小了，最重要的是她的脸和身体终于不再又疼又痒。
The horrible pimples on her face and body had all become smaller, and most importantly, her face and body were finally free from pain and itching.
“到底是怎么回事？你吃了什么药吗？”老板娘满心惊讶。
"What the hell is going on? Did you take any medicine? The hostess was amazed.
少女冷静下来，像是想到了什么，欲言又止，忽然露出不好意思的神情：“姐，我跟你说件事，你可千万别生气。”
The girl calmed down, as if she had thought of something, she wanted to speak again, and suddenly showed an embarrassed look: "Sister, let me tell you something, don't be angry." ”
“我不生气，你说。” "I'm not angry, you say."
少女扭着手指，期期艾艾地说道：“昨天我到你房间找你玩，你把一个药瓶随手放到了梳妆台上，我问你是什么，你说是别人送你的泡澡药，可以美容。后来你去忙了，我正好想泡个澡，我看你对那泡澡药也不是很在意，就取了一粒，丢在了泡澡桶里……”
The girl twisted her fingers and said, "Yesterday I came to your room to play with you, you put a medicine bottle on the dresser, I asked you what it was, you said that someone else gave you a bath medicine, you can beautify." Later, you went to get busy, and I just wanted to take a bath, and I saw that you didn't care much about the bath medicine, so I took one and threw it in the bath bucket......"
老板娘转头，看向自己的梳妆台，那里是有个药瓶，就放在角落，她都快忘记这东西。
The proprietress turned her head and looked at her dresser, where there was a medicine bottle, placed in the corner, and she almost forgot about it.
少女满脸歉意又满脸渴望地也看向那药瓶，并一步步悄悄往那边挪动：“姐，我想来想去，能给我带来变化的似乎只有这个了。姐，我看过了，你这个药瓶里还有一颗药，能不能……给我？求你了，姐！”
The girl looked at the medicine bottle with an apologetic and longing face, and quietly moved it over there step by step: "Sister, if I think about it, this seems to be the only one that can bring me changes." Sister, I've seen it, you still have a medicine in this medicine bottle, can you ...... Give me? Please, sister! ”
少女一个箭步窜过去，飞快地抓住药瓶，抓得死紧死紧，嘴里说着求她姐，那表情却是谁要是不给她这药丸，她就跟谁拼命的模样。
老板娘突然特别想要打这个妹妹一顿，虽然妹妹问题解决，她也很高兴。
The proprietress suddenly wanted to beat this sister in particular, although the sister's problem was solved, she was also very happy.
就在少女把瓶里仅剩下的一颗药丸化开，再次泡进洗澡桶时，王叶和雷木两人正在学校吃早饭。
学校食堂施行排队取餐制，类似自助餐，所有食物都放在台面上，可以自由拿取，食物根据盘子颜色算价格。进去只有一条队伍，结账处有十二条队伍。
The school cafeteria implements a queuing system, similar to a buffet, where all food is placed on the counter and can be taken freely, and the price of the food is calculated according to the color of the plate. There was only one line in and twelve at the checkout.
因为食物多，可选取的余地比较大，排队人虽多，但等待时间并不长。
Because there is a lot of food, there is more room to choose, and although there are many people in line, the waiting time is not long.
王叶和雷木选了满满两大盘的食物。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu chose two large plates full of food.
白面包、煮过的牛奶、七分熟的肉排、烤制的水果派、地蛋饼、煎蜘蛛蛋、一碟子坚果仁，还有兽肉炒饭和兽肉包子，包括两个凉拌蔬菜。
White bread, boiled milk, medium-rare steaks, grilled fruit pie, quiches, fried spider eggs, a plate of nuts, and fried rice and buns, including two cold vegetables.
咋一看，食物风格和地球也没有多大区别，除了某些食物的食材和造型比较别致。
At first glance, the style of food is not much different from that of the earth, except that some foods are more unique in terms of ingredients and shapes.
王叶和雷木都是肉食动物，盘子里最多的就是肉。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu are both carnivores, and the most on the plate is meat.
雷木告诉他食堂提供的肉食便宜的就是普通牲畜肉，贵的就是魔兽肉，不过最高的只有二级。
Lei Mu told him that the meat provided in the cafeteria was cheap meat for ordinary livestock, and the most expensive was Warcraft meat, but the highest was only second-class.
王叶环看食堂用餐的学生，心里有数了。这个一号食堂很可能只是给新生和低年级学生使用的食堂，所以这里提供的食物食材也不会太高端。
Wang Yehuan looked at the students eating in the cafeteria, and he knew it in his heart. This No. 1 cafeteria is likely to be only for freshmen and junior students, so the food served here is not too high-end.
不是担心学生花不起学分，而是担心这些低年级学生承受不住中高等食材的能量。
It's not that I'm worried that students won't be able to spend credits, but that these junior students can't afford the energy of middle and high school ingredients.
王叶夹起一个煎蜘蛛蛋，他看到这个食物就选了，上辈子他吃过，真的狂好吃。
Wang Ye picked up a fried spider egg, he chose this food when he saw it, he had eaten it in his previous life, and it was really delicious.
味道一如记忆中的美好，焦脆甘甜还有点汁，口感有点像起司球，但煎蜘蛛蛋，王叶无论吃多少个都不会腻。
The taste is as good as in memory, crispy, sweet and a little juicy, and the taste is a bit like cheeseball, but fried spider eggs, Wang Ye will not get tired no matter how many you eat.
王叶跟雷木疯狂推荐煎蜘蛛蛋，雷木尝了也觉得不错。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu frantically recommended fried spider eggs, and Lei Mu also thought it was good after tasting it.
“这个学校的魔法食物学教授一定很优秀。”王叶吃得赞不绝口，“这个肉排也好吃，说是七分熟就是七分熟，这配的调味汁绝了。”
"The professor of magical food at this school must be excellent." Wang Ye was full of praise for eating, "This meat steak is also delicious, it is said that it is medium-rare is medium-rare, and the sauce served with this is absolutely amazing." ”
雷木也尝了肉排：“是不错，一定程度保留了食材中蕴含的魔力。”
Lei Mu also tasted the meat steak: "It's good, it retains the magic contained in the ingredients to a certain extent." ”
王叶最在乎的是口感，“木木，你快尝尝，这个坚果仁也不知道是怎么烤出来的，好香好脆！还有这个肉包子，味道也很棒，里面的肉……唔，竟然是三种肉混合，这个混合比例真不错。炒饭也很好，你看，饭粒金黄可口，咸香味恰到好处，这位大厨就算去我家乡那里也是五星级！”
Wang Ye cares most about the taste, "Mumu, you taste it, I don't know how this nut kernel is roasted, it's so fragrant and crispy!" And this meat bun, which also tastes great, and the meat inside is ...... Well, it's a mix of three kinds of meat, which is a really good mixture. The fried rice is also very good, you see, the rice grains are golden and delicious, the salty aroma is just right, this chef is five stars even if he goes to my hometown! ”
旁边有学生激动搭话：“是吧，我们食堂的食物口感最好，比2号和3号食堂都好！我们这里的大厨才是最棒的，偷偷告诉你一个我不会告诉别人的秘密，这里的大厨可是杂学院魔食学科的大佬教授，他的爱好就是做食物，上他的课最幸福了，可以有无数美食可以吃。”
A student next to him excitedly accosted: "Yes, the food in our cafeteria tastes the best, better than the No. 2 and No. 3 canteens!" Our chef here is the best, secretly tell you a secret I won't tell others, the chef here is a big professor of the Magic Food Department of the Miscellaneous Academy, his hobby is to make food, he is happiest in his class, there are countless delicacies to eat. ”
“哇！大佬教新生吗？” "Wow! Does the big guy teach freshmen? ”
“教啊。兄弟你是新生，杂学院的吗？那你一定要来上我们魔食学科米基教授的课，我一看你就是未来的魔食家。”
"Teach. Brother, are you a freshman, a miscellaneous college? Then you must come to the class of Professor Mickey of our Demon Food Department, and I will see that you are the future Demon Eater. ”
“是吗？我也觉得我有机会把魔食发扬光大。” "Really? I also feel like I have a chance to take the Devil Food forward. ”
隔壁的几个学生和王叶说得兴高采烈，不住吹嘘魔食学有多好，那就是拳打魔药，脚踢炼金，横踩其他一切学科。
A few students next door talked happily to Wang Ye, and couldn't help boasting about how good the magic food science was, that is, punching potions, kicking alchemy, and trampling on all other disciplines.
王叶还跟着点头，一副对方说得没错的样子。 Wang Ye also nodded, looking like the other party was right.
雷木微感不妙，怎么瞧小叶子的样儿，像是要一头坠入魔食怀抱？
Lei Mu felt a little bad, how could he look at the appearance of Xiao Ye, as if he was about to fall into the arms of demon food?
周边有人发出很大的嗤笑声。 There was a loud laugh from someone around.
“魔食学科的学生又来抢夺新生了，每年每年都这样，你们能要点脸吗？”
"The students of the Devil Food Department are coming to snatch new students again, every year and every year, can you make a face?"
王叶隔壁桌的学生立刻拍桌而起：“我们魔食学科还用抢吗？新生都是主动往我们学科跳！哪像你们魔画学科，招到几个人了？天天在那儿画一些别人看不懂的东西，我看你们还不如并入卷轴学院算了。学校给你们单独开一科就是浪费资源！”
The student at the table next to Wang Ye immediately slapped the table: "Do we still need to rob the Demon Food Discipline?" Freshmen are all taking the initiative to jump to our discipline! It's like your magic painting discipline, how many people have been recruited? Every day, you draw something there that others can't understand, and I think you might as well merge into the Scroll Academy. It is a waste of resources for the school to give you a separate subject! ”
魔画科的学生也不甘示弱地腾地站起：“就你们魔食科还敢跟我们魔画科瞎哔哔，没什么好说的了，擂台见！等会儿就让你知道花儿为什么那样红。”
Not to be outdone, the students of the Magic Painting Department stood up: "As far as you Demon Food Department dare to beep blindly with our Magic Painting Department, there is nothing to say, see you in the ring!" I'll let you know why the flowers are so red. ”
“擂台见就擂台见！兄弟们，走，给这些魔画科的狗崽子一点作料看看！”
"See you in the ring, see you in the ring! Brothers, let's go, give these magic painting puppies some spice! ”
魔食学科的几个学生走时还不忘勾搭王叶：“学弟啊，记得报我们魔食学科的课哈，到时候哥哥姐姐们罩你。”
Several students from the Devil Food Discipline didn't forget to hook up with Wang Ye when they left: "Junior brother, remember to report for our Devil Food Discipline, and when the time comes, my brothers and sisters will cover you." ”
王叶笑眯眯挥手。这个学校貌似有点好玩，不枉他和木木特意选了这座学校。
Wang Ye smiled and waved his hand. This school seems to be a bit fun, but it is in vain that he and Mu Mu deliberately chose this school.
第119章 藏宝图和抽奖箱 Chapter 119: Treasure Map and Lottery Chest
吃过早饭，两人就在学校里对照着地图转悠开来。 After breakfast, the two of them walked around the school against the map.
因为学校太大，两人还在学校的商业广场跟摆摊的老生买了两个魔板。
Because the school is too big, the two also bought two magic boards from the old students who set up stalls in the school's commercial square.
魔板有点像地球的滑板车，可以低空飞行，速度和方向都可以手动操控。可以输入魔力，也可以使用魔晶当能源。
The magic board is a bit like a scooter on Earth, it can fly at low altitudes, and the speed and direction can be manually controlled. You can input mana, or you can use magic crystals as energy.
这魔板几乎是学生们的标配。 This magic board is almost standard for students.
有了魔板，速度果然快了很多。 With the magic board, the speed is really much faster.
一天转下来，才把学校走了五分之一，这还只是简易地图上标注出来的地方，地图上没标注出来的，还不知道有多大。
After a day, I walked the school by one-fifth, and this is only the place marked on the simple map, and I don't know how big it is if it is not marked on the map.
眼看天色将晚，两人决定返回，雷木忽然道：“后山有墓地，很大。”
Seeing that it was getting late, the two decided to return, and Lei Mu suddenly said: "There is a cemetery in the back mountain, which is very large. ”
王叶感到一丝古怪，侧头看向雷木。 Wang Ye felt a little strange and looked sideways at Lei Mu.
雷木不知道该不该告诉小叶子，他刚才接近后山时感觉到了熟悉的气息。
Lei Mu didn't know whether to tell Xiao Yezi or not, he felt a familiar aura when he approached the back mountain just now.
“这座学校……” "This school ......"
“木木？” "Mumu?"
雷木摇摇头：“没什么。” Remu shook his head: "It's nothing. ”
小叶子事情已经够多了，光是千木之毒就是个大麻烦，偏偏那本药学宝典上没有这毒药的药方和解药配方，小叶子得自己研究才行。
Xiao Yezi has enough things, the poison of a thousand trees alone is a big trouble, but there is no prescription and antidote formula for this poison in that pharmacy book, Xiao Yezi has to study it himself.
后山墓地那边还是他自己来调查吧。如果学校后山那墓地真的和他家族那边有关，那就更不应该把小叶子牵扯进来。
On the other side of the Houshan cemetery, he should investigate it himself. If the cemetery on the mountain behind the school is really related to his family's side, then Xiao Ye should not be involved.
王叶见雷木不想说，也没有勉强他，转而道：“我们去那家杂货铺逛逛吧，我还有些东西想买。有些常见的东西在学校买需要学分，不如出去买。”
Seeing that Lei Mu didn't want to speak, Wang Ye didn't force him, and instead said, "Let's go to that grocery store, I still have something to buy." There are some common things that require credits to buy at school, so it's better to go out and buy them. ”
雷木自无不可。 Thunderwood is indispensable.
于是天黑前，两人再次来到那家杂货铺。 So before dark, the two of them went to the grocery store again.
王叶原本想随便买点东西，趁店员不注意就把那破书扔进抽奖箱里。
Wang Ye originally wanted to buy something casually, but when the clerk was not paying attention, he threw the broken book into the lottery box.
结果他抬头一看，竟然发现这店里装了魔法监控，一只没有眼皮的大眼睛就悬在他们头顶，眨也不眨地看着店中人。
As a result, when he looked up, he found that the store was equipped with magic surveillance, and a large eyelid was hanging above their heads, looking at the people in the store without blinking.
这大眼睛还会飞来飞去，不知道对方是不是感知出他想做点什么，竟然谁都不跟非要跟着他。
These big eyes will fly around, I don't know if the other party senses that he wants to do something, and no one has to follow him.
王叶郁闷，干脆再次大采购。他说有东西想买也不是借口，今天逛了一天学校，再加上他们跟一些老生的交流，他发现他和雷木还有很多东西没有备齐。
Wang Ye was depressed and simply made another big purchase. He said that it was not an excuse to have something to buy, and after a day of visiting school today, coupled with their communication with some old students, he found that he and Lei Mu still had a lot of things that they did not have ready.
比如包括炼药台和炼金台在内的全套初级魔法炼药和炼金工具。
For example, a full set of primary magic alchemy and alchemy tools, including the alchemy table and the alchemy table.
虽然学校里也有，而且有专门的炼药室和炼金室可以租借，但他们有虫巢，与其租借，还不如在虫巢里准备两个工作间。
Although there are also in the school, and there are special alchemy rooms and alchemy rooms that can be rented, they have worm nests, and instead of renting them, it is better to prepare two workshops in the worm nest.
除此之外，还有大量的大小玻璃瓶。 In addition to this, there are a large number of large and small glass bottles.
玻璃制品在双月星的出现，也是魔法界的福利，他们不用再使用价格高昂的水晶瓶。
The appearance of glassware in the Double Moon Star is also a benefit to the wizarding world, and they no longer have to use expensive crystal bottles.
现在使用水晶瓶的人也有，但一般都用来装比较珍贵或能量特殊的药物，也有用来装门面的。
There are also people who use crystal bottles now, but they are generally used to hold more precious or special energy medicines, and some are used to hold facades.
雷木那边还需要为他购买一个炼金火窑。 Lei Mu also needs to buy an alchemy furnace for him.
这种炼金火窑也是炼金物品，可大可小，可控温，可以煅烧不同种的矿石和材料等。是炼金师不可或缺的工具。
This kind of alchemy kiln is also an alchemy item, which can be large or small, can control temperature, and can calcine different kinds of ores and materials. It is an indispensable tool for alchemists.
除此之外还有冷却炉、碎料机、搅拌机、自动清洗魔刷等等。
In addition, there are cooling furnaces, shredders, blenders, automatic cleaning magic brushes, and so on.
上次两人过来时，王叶就看过这家杂货店的东西很齐全，几乎学生们需要的初级全套设备这里都有，而且成套买，价格也比专业炼金店和魔药店优惠。
The last time the two of them came over, Wang Ye had seen that this grocery store had a complete set of things, almost all the primary equipment needed by the students were available here, and they were bought in sets, and the price was cheaper than that of professional alchemy shops and potion shops.
但只要是与魔药师和炼金师有关的东西，都有一个共同特征，那就是贵！
But as long as it is related to potions and alchemists, they all have one common characteristic, and that is expensive!
雷木看王叶如流水一般把大量金币花出去，心中再次冒出“他要赶紧赚钱”的迫切感。
Lei Mu saw Wang Ye spend a large amount of gold coins like flowing water, and a sense of urgency that "he wants to make money quickly" once again appeared in his heart.
其实小叶子在他空间能打开后，就以他和他是一队的伙伴，所得好处必须平分这个理由，把他们在囚犯岛和附近岛屿得到的好处，都分了一半给他，其中就有金矿石和魔晶。
In fact, after Xiao Yezi was able to open his space, he gave him half of the benefits they had obtained on Prisoner Island and nearby islands, including gold ore and magic crystals, on the grounds that he and he were partners in the same team and the benefits they received must be divided equally.
因为小叶子用了不少魔晶升级虫巢，他还补了不少金币给他，又塞给他一堆常用药物。
Because Xiao Yezi used a lot of magic crystals to upgrade the hive, he also made up a lot of gold coins for him, and stuffed him with a bunch of commonly used medicines.
结果凡是出去买东西，小叶子还是喜欢大包大揽。 As a result, whenever he goes out to buy things, Xiao Yezi still likes to take care of everything.
雷木这次可不愿再由着他，坚持要求自己付。 Lei Mu didn't want to let him do it this time, and insisted on paying for it himself.
王小叶还不高兴，觉得雷木和他故意划界限。 Wang Xiaoye was still unhappy, and felt that Lei Mu deliberately drew a line with him.
雷木只好用两个人分别付款，可以分别得到三次抽奖机会的理由来说服王小叶。
Lei Mu had no choice but to persuade Wang Xiaoye with the reason that the two of them paid separately and could get three lottery chances respectively.
王叶勉强被说服了，他还是很在乎免费抽奖次数的。 Wang Ye was barely convinced, he still cared about the number of free lotteries.
店员还记得他们，当即就笑着说：“你们这次一共有六次抽奖机会，一人三次。”
The clerk still remembered them, and immediately smiled and said, "You have a total of six lottery chances this time, and one person has three times." ”
王叶轻哼：“上次便宜你们了，明明我和木木是两个人，应该也和这次一样有六次机会才对。”
Wang Ye snorted lightly: "I cheapened you last time, obviously Mu Mu and I are two people, and we should have six chances like this time." ”
店员堆起笑容：“上次你们也没说分开付钱嘛，我当然以为你们是一起的。”
The clerk smiled: "You didn't say pay separately last time, of course I thought you were together." ”
王叶不再跟店员瞎扯蛋，走到抽奖箱前。 Wang Ye stopped talking nonsense with the clerk and walked to the lottery box.
店员想起小家伙上次抽的奖品，又觉得这是两个大客户，应该留住，立刻送出祝福道：“祝愿你今天手气能好一点。”
The clerk remembered the prize drawn by the little guy last time, and felt that these were two big customers and should be kept, so he immediately sent his blessing and said, "I wish you better luck today." ”
王叶：“谢谢，但我今天来就是想要败手气的。” Wang Ye: "Thank you, but I came today to lose my luck." ”
店员和客人们一起哄笑，谁也没当真。 The clerk and the customers laughed together, but no one took it seriously.
王叶：这年头说真话都没人信了。 Wang Ye: In these years, no one believes the truth.
第一次把手深入抽奖箱时，王叶就把那本破书从虫巢中移出来，扔进了抽奖箱中。
The first time he put his hand into the lottery box, Wang Ye removed the broken book from the hive and threw it into the lottery box.
一样物品撞到他手中，王叶没有施展鉴定术，连多感觉一番都没有，抓住那物就把手拔了出来。
An item hit his hand, Wang Ye didn't perform the identification technique, he didn't even feel it more, he grabbed the object and pulled out his hand.
店员和雷木凑过来看。 The clerk and Raimu came over to take a look.
“一个铜币。恭喜。”店员说恭喜两字时，如果脸上的笑意能忍住，说不定还更真诚一点。
"A copper coin. Congratulations. When the clerk said congratulations, if the smile on his face could be suppressed, maybe he would be more sincere.
其他看热闹的客人直摇头，还有人骂店主太过小气，连一个铜币都敢放到抽奖箱里。
Other guests who watched the excitement shook their heads, and some scolded the shopkeeper for being too stingy and daring to put even a copper coin in the lottery box.
雷木摸摸王叶的头，“不错。” Lei Mu touched Wang Ye's head, "Not bad." ”
王叶也觉得不错，第二次把手伸入抽奖箱，这次也是抓到一物就拿出来。
Wang Ye also felt good, and put his hand into the lottery box for the second time, and this time he also grabbed something and took it out.
是个小袋子，打开一看，里面竟然是个学生徽章。 It was a small bag, and when I opened it, it turned out to be a student badge.
“可能是谁遗失的吧，你把它拿回学校，找到它的主人，说不定能获得一些报酬和感激。”店员实实在在地说。
"Someone may have lost it, you can take it back to the school and find its owner, maybe you will get some reward and gratitude." The clerk said honestly.
王叶不在意地把小袋子收起来，又抓出了第三样奖品。 Wang Ye put away the small bag absently and grabbed the third prize.
这次是一张兽皮纸，皱巴巴的，上面画着地图，有标记，宛如藏宝图。但看那低劣的故意做旧的痕迹，稍微有点眼光的人都能看出这就是一张伪造的藏宝图。
This time it was a piece of vellum paper, crumpled with a map drawn on it, marked, like a treasure map. But looking at the traces of the shoddy deliberate olding, anyone with a little discerning can see that this is a forged treasure map.
这种伪造藏宝图太多，大家都见多了。 There are too many of these fake treasure maps, and everyone has seen a lot of them.
客人中有人调侃王小叶，恭喜他得到了藏宝图。 Some of the guests teased Wang Xiaoye and congratulated him on getting the treasure map.
还有人出价：“一个银币卖不卖？” Someone else bid: "Is a silver coin sold or not?" ”
王叶：“不卖！” Wang Ye: "Don't sell!" ”
“十个银币。” "Ten silver coins."
“滚蛋！” "Fuck off!"
店内众一起哈哈笑，只当那开价的人是在逗小孩。 Everyone in the store laughed together, just as the person who offered the price was teasing the child.
王叶也没理会那个喊价的少年，把假藏宝图收起来，然后就看雷木抽奖。
Wang Ye also ignored the young man who shouted the price, put away the fake treasure map, and then watched the Lei Mu lottery.
雷木抽奖速度比王叶稍微慢一点，他应该是有细细感受抓到的都是什么，觉得不好的应该放弃了一两次。
Lei Mu's lottery speed is a little slower than Wang Ye's, he should have a careful feeling of what he caught, and he should give up once or twice if he thinks it is bad.
最后雷木抓出来的三样奖品分别是：损坏的罗盘一个，药草盒一个，以及一包种子。
In the end, the three prizes that Lei Mu caught were: a damaged compass, a box of herbs, and a bag of seeds.
从总体价值上看，雷木抽出的这三样东西可比王小叶抽出来的好多了。
In terms of overall value, the three things that Lei Mu extracted were much better than those drawn by Wang Xiaoye.
不管抽出来的是什么，两人都很满意，对他们来说这就是个乐子。
Whatever was drawn, both of them were satisfied, and it was just a pleasure for them.
像上次小叶子抽中疯药王传承书的好事，两人都不指望也不希望再来一次。
Like the good thing that Xiao Yezi won the Crazy Medicine King Inheritance Book last time, neither of them expected or wanted to do it again.
店员一路把两人送到门口，欢迎他们下次再来。 The clerk sent the two of them all the way to the door and welcomed them back next time.
走出店门没几步，王叶和雷木一起停下脚步，转身。 A few steps out of the store, Wang Ye and Lei Mu stopped together and turned around.
后面跟着的人跟着停下，略一踌躇，那人上前，低声道：“我们到那边说话吧。这里人来人往的，不方便。”
两人都没挪动地方。
王叶认出对方，这不就是之前对藏宝图喊了两次价的少年吗。
Wang Ye recognized the other party, wasn't this the young man who had shouted the price of the treasure map twice before.
“你想要我的藏宝图？”王叶直接说破。 "You want my treasure map?" Wang Ye said directly.
少年抿了抿嘴唇，低声说道：“我也不瞒你们。其实那图是我父亲画的。这就是一张假图，当初我父亲也是因为生计缘故才作假，同样的图，他画了一百张，我见多了，一眼就能看出来。我是他儿子，如果没有发现他的作品也就算了，既然发现，总不能还让这假货继续流传出去骗人。所以我想跟你买下它。”
The young man pursed his lips and whispered, "I won't hide it from you." Actually, my father drew it. This is a fake picture, my father also made a fake because of his livelihood, and he drew a hundred of the same picture, and I have seen a lot of it, and I can see it at a glance. I'm his son, and if I don't find his work, forget it, and since I do, I can't let this fake continue to circulate and deceive people. So I want to buy it with you. ”
少年眼神中流露出淡淡哀伤：“也是当个纪念，我父亲在一年前去世了。”
There was a faint sadness in the young man's eyes: "It's also a memorial, my father passed away a year ago." ”
“哦。”王叶那表情真不像是同情，反而像是嘲笑。 "Oh." Wang Ye's expression really didn't look like sympathy, but like mockery.
少年忍住想要揍人的欲望，继续道：“我最多出二十银币，你们也知道这图根本不值钱。如果不是因为这图是我父亲的遗作……”
The young man resisted the desire to beat people and continued: "I will give up to twenty silver coins, and you know that this picture is not worth anything at all. If it weren't for the fact that this picture was my father's posthumous work......"
少年摇头，“这图，你们带回去也是扔炉子里，还不如用它换取二十银币，你们看呢？”
The young man shook his head, "This picture, you bring it back and throw it in the furnace, it is better to exchange it for twenty silver coins, you see?" ”
王叶竖起两根手指：“卖给你可以，不过最少两百金币。”
Wang Ye raised two fingers: "Sell it to you, but at least two hundred gold coins." ”
少年睁大眼睛，脱口道：“你们坑人呢！” The young man's eyes widened and he blurted out, "You are pheating people!" ”
王叶不爽：“我们哪里坑人了？我只是开价，又没有强迫你买。你觉得价格高，可以不买啊。”
Wang Ye was unhappy: "Where did we cheat people?" I just made an offer, and I didn't force you to buy it. If you think the price is high, you can not buy it. ”
少年咬牙：“两百金币不可能，我要是有两百金币……我就把我父亲救回来了，我父亲也不至于要做假图骗钱。”
The young man gritted his teeth: "Two hundred gold coins is impossible, if I have two hundred gold coins...... I rescued my father, and my father didn't want to try to cheat money. ”
说着少年眼圈竟然红了。 As he spoke, the young man's eyes turned red.
王叶动容：“你别哭啊！我卖给你就是了，不过最少两个金币，不能再少了。”
Wang Ye was moved: "Don't cry!" I'll just sell it to you, but at least two gold coins, no less. ”
少年在心中暗骂，但两个金币怎么也比两百个好得多，当即红着眼圈犹犹豫豫地道：“一个金币行不行，我真的没有那么多钱。”
The young man scolded in his heart, but two gold coins were much better than two hundred, and immediately said hesitantly with red eyes: "One gold coin can't work, I really don't have that much money." ”
王叶叹息：“行吧，今天就当小爷日行一善了。” Wang Ye sighed: "Okay, today I will be a little master and do a good deed." ”
王叶拿出兽皮图。 Wang Ye took out the animal skin diagram.
少年也掏出一枚金币。 The boy also pulled out a gold coin.
两人互换。 The two are swapped.
少年压抑住狂喜之心，握紧兽皮图，迅速塞到怀里，转身就走，三两下就跑没影了。
The boy suppressed his ecstasy, grasped the animal skin diagram tightly, quickly stuffed it into his arms, turned around and left, and ran away in three or two strokes.
雷木看到现在，终于开口：“那小子没一句真话。” Seeing the present, Lei Mu finally spoke: "That kid didn't tell the truth. ”
王叶抛了抛那枚金币，懒洋洋地道：“我知道啊，看他表演挺有意思的，如果不是今天我特地了解过学校的社团，我还以为学校出了一个演艺社。”
Wang Ye threw away the gold coin and said lazily: "I know, it's very interesting to watch him perform, if it weren't for the fact that I had learned about the school's club today, I would have thought that the school had an acting club." ”
“他也是陨星的学生？”雷木挑眉，这点他倒没看出来。
"He's also a student of Meteorite?" Lei Mu raised his eyebrows, which he didn't see.
王叶收起金币：“他手背上有个魔法阵印记，今天我在学校也看到过，应该是属于某个社团的标记或者是某个校内组织。”
Wang Ye put away the gold coin: "There is a magic array mark on the back of his hand, I also saw it at school today, it should be a mark that belongs to a certain club or a certain school organization." ”
王叶顺手打开因果卷，因果卷上展现出来的信息也验证了他的猜测。他还看到了少年的名字和简单身世介绍。
Wang Ye opened the cause and effect scroll with his hand, and the information displayed on the cause and effect scroll also verified his guess. He also saw the boy's name and a brief introduction to his background.
单天行，随母姓，父亲竟然是春木上国皇室成员，却隐瞒身份离开春木上国，在外面娶妻生子，一年前神秘死亡。
Shan Tianxing, with his mother's surname, his father turned out to be a member of the royal family of Chunmu Shangguo, but he left Chunmu Shangguo without concealing his identity, married a wife and had children outside, and died mysteriously a year ago.
这种身世，啧！ This kind of life experience, tsk!
“那张图是真货？”这是雷木现在最想知道的。 "Is that picture the real thing?" This is what Raimu wants to know most right now.
王叶：“是啊。”在少年跟着他们出来后，他就给兽皮图施了鉴定术。
Wang Ye: "Yes." "After the boy came out with them, he performed an identification spell on the animal skin.
雷木震惊：“是真货，你一个金币就卖给了他？” Lei Mu was shocked: "It's genuine, you sold it to him for a gold coin?" ”
王叶不在意地道：“不是我的，强求太累。是我的，那迟早会回来。”
Wang Ye said nonchalantly: "It's not mine, it's too tiring to force it." It's mine, and I'll come back sooner or later. ”
因果卷上，那兽皮图和那少年之间的因果线颜色可比他的深邃多了。他疯了才会继续给自己找个麻烦回来。
On the cause and effect scroll, the color of the cause and effect line between the animal skin diagram and the boy was much deeper than his. He's crazy to keep making trouble for himself to come back.
不就是个藏宝图嘛…… Isn't it just a treasure map......
嗷！心好痛！ Oh! My heart hurts!
那可是藏宝图啊，谁知道那藏宝地点有多少好东西，如果都归他，他说不定就再也不用愁养娃的资金了。
That's a treasure map, who knows how many good things there are in that treasure location, if they all belong to him, maybe he won't have to worry about raising a baby again.
“那少年怎么会知道那藏宝图是真货，难道他也有真实之眼？”雷木猜测。
"How could that young man know that the treasure map is genuine, does he also have real eyes?" Raimu guessed.
王叶摇头：“假话有时候也会基于真实的基础上进行改编。更有可能那少年的父亲得到了真藏宝图，但消息泄露，为了自保就弄了一百张假图放出去混淆视听，可能最后真图还是没有保住，或者用了某种方式专门放到一个地方，最后却流落到那家杂货店的抽奖箱里，少年知道了，可因为付不出一百金币抽奖的代价，或没抽到，就一直在等待有人能抽出那张兽皮图。”
Wang Ye shook his head: "Falsehoods are sometimes adapted on the basis of truth. It is more likely that the boy's father got the real treasure map, but the news leaked, in order to protect himself, he made a hundred fake pictures and put them out to confuse the public, maybe the real picture was not kept in the end, or it was put in a place in a certain way, but in the end it ended up in the lottery box of the grocery store, the boy knew, but because he couldn't pay the price of the 100 gold coins lottery, or didn't get it, he was waiting for someone to draw the animal skin map. ”
雷木也觉得这个推测很接近事实，“这也太巧了。你这都是什么手气，第一次抽奖，就让你抽到了疯药王和他的传承药典。第二次抽奖竟然又给你抽出一张藏宝图。不过这东西看着就是一个麻烦，还被人盯上了，卖掉也好。”
Reimu also felt that this speculation was very close to the truth, "This is too coincidental. What kind of luck are you, the first lottery allowed you to draw the Mad Medicine King and his inheritance pharmacopoeia. The second draw turned out to draw you a treasure map. But this thing looks like a trouble, and it's being targeted, so it's better to sell it. ”
“是啊，我运气怎么这么好呢？”王叶望天慨叹。 "yes, how can I be so lucky?" Wang Ye looked at the sky and sighed.
难不成他重生一次，竟变成了天命之子？ Could it be that he was reborn once and became a child of destiny?
还是说…… Or is it ......
“木木，我们去把杂货铺那个抽奖箱给偷回来吧。”王叶认真说道。
"Mumu, let's go and steal the lottery box from the grocery store." Wang Ye said seriously.
“哈哈哈，这个想法好，说不定那箱子里真有不少好东西。”雷木笑了好一会儿后发现，小叶子竟然是说真的！
"Hahaha, that's a good idea, maybe there's a lot of good stuff in that box." Lei Mu laughed for a while and found that Xiao Yezi was actually telling the truth!
他真的想要把那个抽奖箱给偷出来。 He really wanted to steal that raffle box.
当晚，陨星城就爆出了一个不大不小的新闻。 That night, a small piece of news broke out in Meteor City.
据说，有一个小贼，是真小，才八岁，竟然在晨星杂货铺打烊后溜进店内进行偷窃。
It is said that there was a thief, who was really small, only eight years old, who sneaked into the store after the Morning Star grocery store closed and stole it.
而且这个小贼视店中其他珍贵货物如无物，一进店中就直奔抽奖箱！
Moreover, this thief treats the other precious goods in the store as if there is nothing, and goes straight to the lottery box as soon as he enters the store!
没错，这小贼想偷的就是那个抽奖箱。 That's right, it's the lottery box that this thief wants to steal.
就在小贼打算把抽奖箱收进储物工具时，被店主抓了个现行。
Just when the thief was about to put the lottery box into the storage tool, he was caught by the shopkeeper.
那小贼还大吵大闹，惹来巡逻队注意，最后小贼进了治安局临时拘留所。
The thief also made a lot of noise, which attracted the attention of the patrol, and finally the thief went to the temporary detention center of the Public Security Bureau.
陨星城有很多贼，抓到的贼也不少，按理这种事根本不会形成新闻，可谁让这小贼年纪太小，偷的东西又太搞笑，最主要的是陨星城治安局已经查清小贼的身份。
There are many thieves in Falling Star City, and there are many thieves caught, it stands to reason that this kind of thing will not be news at all, but who made this thief too young and the things he stole are too funny, the most important thing is that the Security Bureau of Falling Star City has found out the identity of the thief.
这小贼竟然是今年来报考陨星魔法学校的学生，而且已经被该校录取，且天资不凡，据说资质有八等中。
This little thief turned out to be a student who came to apply for the Meteorite Magic School this year, and he has been admitted to the school, and he is very talented, and it is said that his qualifications are eighth-class.
次日早上，这条新闻就在陨星城传遍了，大多数人听了这个新闻都是哈哈大笑，只当是趣闻。
The next morning, the news spread all over Meteor City, and most people laughed when they heard the news, just as an anecdote.
为何？因为随着这个新闻传出，这个小贼在这个店铺里花了超过上千金币的事也跟着爆出。
Why? Because with the news of this, the fact that this thief spent more than a thousand gold coins in this store also broke out.
一个能随便花费上千金币还被陨星魔法学校录取的小天才，却半夜跑去偷一个价值不高的抽奖箱，怎么看都像是小孩子的恶作剧，要么就是小朋友的一时冲动。
A little genius who can casually spend thousands of gold coins and be admitted to the Falling Star School of Magic, but runs in the middle of the night to steal a lottery box of low value, no matter how you look at it, it looks like a child's prank, or it is a child's impulse.
原因？ Cause?
当然是小朋友六次抽奖都没抽出好东西，恼了呗！ Of course, the children didn't draw anything good in the six lotteries, so they were annoyed!
陨星魔法学校教学管理处。 Teaching Management Office of Meteorite School of Magic.
教导主任……呸，副校长怒拍桌子，指着低头站在桌前的王小叶就骂：“你让我说你什么好？小小年纪不学好，竟然跑去偷窃？而且你什么眼光，那么多好东西放在那儿不动，非要去拿那个不值钱的破烂抽奖箱？说，你是不是梦游呢？”
Dean of Students...... Phew, the vice principal slapped the table angrily, pointed at Wang Xiaoye, who was standing in front of the table with his head bowed, and scolded: "What are you good for me to say?" If you don't learn well at a young age, you actually run to steal? And what kind of vision do you have, so many good things left there without moving, and you have to go and get that worthless tattered lottery box? Say, are you sleepwalking? ”
站在一边的治安官和店主嘴角抽搐：喂喂，这包庇得也太明显了。
The corners of the sheriff and the shopkeeper who were standing on the side twitched: Hey, this cover is too obvious.
作为家长也在现场的雷木：“……”好像轮不到他发力了。
Lei Mu, who was also at the scene as a parent: "......" doesn't seem to be his turn to exert his strength.
王叶对手指，怯怯地道：“校长，我有话说。” Wang Ye pointed his fingers and said timidly: "Headmaster, I have something to say." ”
“你说啊，有人不让你说话吗？”副校长怒瞪小孩。 "Say, did someone not let you speak?" The vice-principal glared at the child.
王叶勇敢抬头：“那我说了。我没有想偷那个抽奖箱，但我又真的去了，我也不知道怎么回事。昨天傍晚，我和我哥去那家店里买东西，抽奖的时候，有什么东西咬了我一口，我当时也没在意，就和我哥回学校宿舍了。可半夜的时候，我也不知道怎么就跑到了那家杂货店，等我惊醒的时候，那店主已经站在我旁边，抓住了我，还说我是小偷。”
Wang Ye raised his head bravely: "Then I said it." I didn't want to steal that raffle box, but I actually went again, and I don't know how. Yesterday evening, my brother and I went to the store to buy something, and during the lottery, something bit me, and I didn't care at the time, so I went back to the school dormitory with my brother. But in the middle of the night, I somehow ran to the grocery store, and when I woke up, the owner was already standing next to me, grabbed me, and called me a thief. ”
王叶鼓起嘴巴：“我这么有钱，怎么会去当小偷？就算我要偷，我也偷高级魔晶和高级魔兽蛋啊，再不行高级药剂和高级魔器也行，我偷一个破抽奖箱干什么？”
Wang Ye puffed out his mouth: "I'm so rich, how can I be a thief?" Even if I want to steal, I will steal high-grade magic crystals and high-level magic beast eggs, and I can't use high-grade potions and high-level magic weapons, why should I steal a broken lottery box? ”
众人：……看不出来你眼光竟然这么高。 All:...... I can't see that you have such a high eye.
副校长抓住关键：“你刚才说你抽奖时感觉到有什么咬了你一口？”
The vice principal grasped the key: "You just said that you felt something bite you when you were drawing?" ”
“也许只是蹭了一下，我也不知道。我手上没有留下伤口。”王叶举起两只小爪子。
"Maybe it's just a rub, I don't know. I didn't have any wounds on my hands. Wang Ye raised two small paws.
副校长挥挥手，让王小叶站一边，对晨星杂货铺店主和治安官道：“我相信我校学生还不至于做这么掉价的事情。要么，我们先看看那个抽奖箱？”
The vice principal waved his hand, asked Wang Xiaoye to stand aside, and said to the owner of the Morning Star grocery store and the sheriff, "I believe that our students will not do such a cheap thing. Or, let's take a look at that raffle box first? ”
治安官：“……”过分了喂，护短不是这么护的。 Sheriff: "......" is too much, it's not like that.
晨星店主硬是挤出笑容：“不用了，不过是件小事。既然这个小……小同学说他没有偷窃的意思，可能真的是梦游了吧。”
The shopkeeper of Morning Star forced out a smile: "No need, it's just a trivial matter." Since this little ...... The little classmate said that he didn't mean to steal, maybe he was really sleepwalking. ”
副校长正色道：“不能这么说，梦游只是我的猜测，既然那孩子说抽奖箱里有东西咬了他，他半夜又是毫无主观意识的状况下进入贵店铺，那么我们就必须把事情查清楚，把那箱子拆开，把里面的东西都拿出来看看，哪怕是给这个孩子一个清白。我们学校更不能因此背上污名。”
The vice principal said: "I can't say that, sleepwalking is just my guess, since the kid said that there was something in the lottery box that bit him, and he entered your store in the middle of the night without subjective awareness, then we must find out the matter, open the box, and take out all the things inside, even if it is to give this child a clean slate." Our school cannot afford to be stigmatized because of this. ”
“不能拆！那是我家家传之物，而且我们家三代在里面不知放了多少东西，哪能全拿出来？”晨星店主心想里面还有他爷爷扔进去的臭袜子，他爸扔进去的烂拖鞋，他扔进去的乱七八糟东西就更多，哪能拿出来让人看到。
"Can't be dismantled! It's my family's heirloom, and I don't know how many things have been put in it for three generations of our family, how can I take them all out? The shopkeeper of Morningstar thought to himself that there were still the stinky socks that his grandfather threw in, the rotten slippers that his father threw in, and the mess he threw in, how could he take them out for people to see.
晨星店主深吸气，再度挤出笑容：“我想起来了，那个抽奖箱里面很可能有魔心蝙蝠的蛋，是我以前随手丢进去的，但一直没有被人抽出来，那蛋可能就在箱子里孵化了，如果这位小同学碰到那魔心蝙蝠，确实有可能被迷惑。魔心蝙蝠不想认主，也不想被人发现，就暗中迷惑那孩子，让他来拿那个抽奖箱，这样魔心蝙蝠也就能在那孩子的帮助下逃出箱子。”
The shopkeeper of Morning Star took a deep breath and squeezed out a smile again: "I remember, there is probably an egg of the Demon Heart Bat in that lottery box, which I threw in casually before, but it has not been pulled out, and the egg may have hatched in the box, if this little student encounters the Demon Heart Bat, it is indeed possible to be confused." The Demon Heart Bat didn't want to admit the owner, and he didn't want to be discovered, so he secretly confused the child and asked him to get the lottery box, so that the Demon Heart Bat could escape from the box with the help of the child. ”
治安官佩服这位店主，真不容易啊，在这么短的时间内就想出了一个这么合乎逻辑的理由。
It was not easy for the sheriff to admire this shopkeeper and come up with such a logical reason in such a short time.
副校长面无表情地看向晨星店主：“你确定？” The vice principal looked at the Morning Star shopkeeper with an expressionless face: "Are you sure?" ”
“我很确定。”晨星店主主动道：“我会在陨星城公开这个发现，以洗清这位小同学的冤屈。”
"I'm pretty sure." The shopkeeper of Morning Star took the initiative to say, "I will make this discovery public in Falling Star City to clear the grievances of this little classmate." ”
副校长满意了，点头道：“我也不是为我们学校的学生说话，但既然你的客户是面向我校学生，就像这个还不到你腰高的小毛头，你说你怎么能粗心大意的在看不见的盲抽抽奖箱里丢入魔兽蛋？还是魔心蝙蝠这样的危险魔兽。要是那魔心蝙蝠迷惑那孩子去自杀或者伤人，你说这个后果谁来承担？”
The vice principal was satisfied, nodded and said, "I'm not speaking for the students of our school, but since your customers are facing our students, just like this little hairy head who is not even your waist height, how can you carelessly throw a monster egg into the invisible blind lottery box?" It's still a dangerous magical beast like the Demon Heart Bat. If the devil-hearted bat tricks the child into committing suicide or hurting someone, who do you think will bear the consequences? ”
晨星店主用快要哭出来的表情说道：“抱歉，都是我不好，我愿意赔偿这位小友的损失。这样吧，他之前在我们店一共花费了1655金币，我们店可以返还他其中两成金额，就当我们本钱给他带货，不赚他钱了。”
The owner of the Morning Star shopkeeper said with an expression that was about to cry: "I'm sorry, it's all my fault, and I'm willing to compensate this little friend for his losses." In this way, he spent a total of 1655 gold coins in our store before, and our store can return him 20% of the amount, just when we bring him the goods, and don't make him money. ”
晨星店主还转而对王叶道：“希望这点补偿能让小友满意。以后小友有什么需要，来我们店，我店都给你打九折。”
The owner of the Morning Star shopkeeper also turned to Wang Ye and said, "I hope this compensation can satisfy Xiaoyou." If you have any needs in the future, come to our store, and my store will give you a nine-percent discount. ”
王叶：“你要返还我331个金币？” Wang Ye: "You want to return me 331 gold coins?" ”
晨星店主：“……是啊。” Morning Star shopkeeper: "...... Oh, yes. ”
王叶立刻笑如春花：“大叔，我原谅你了。” Wang Ye immediately smiled like a spring flower: "Uncle, I forgive you." ”
众人心声：妈的小兔崽子！好想打。 Everyone's voice: the little bunny! I really want to fight.
治安官特别同情这位店主，真心的。等店主数出331个金币心疼无比地递给王叶，治安官就对副校长道别，拉着这位店主走了。
The sheriff was very sympathetic to the shopkeeper, sincerely. When the shopkeeper counted out 331 gold coins and handed them to Wang Ye in great distress, the sheriff said goodbye to the vice principal and dragged the shopkeeper away.
第120章 甩掉麻烦？ Chapter 120: Get Out of Trouble?
教学管理处，副校长办公室内只剩下三人。 In the Office of Academic Management, there are only three people left in the office of the Vice Chancellor.
副校长从书桌后面走出来，走到书桌前往后一靠，两手抱臂：“说吧。”
The vice principal walked out from behind the desk, walked to the desk and leaned back, holding his arms together: "Say it." ”
王叶眨眼：“说什么？” Wang Ye blinked: "What did you say?" ”
副校长冷笑：“就说你为什么要去偷那个抽奖箱，又为什么要把这件事闹大，甚至不惜闹到学校来。”
The vice principal sneered: "Just say why did you steal that lottery box, and why did you make a big deal about it, even at the expense of coming to the school." ”
一般学生闹出这种丑闻，恨不得掩盖得严严实实才好，就算无法遮掩也不会闹到学校来，早求着治安官和店主，或道歉或赔钱把事情解决了。
Ordinary students make such a scandal, and they can't hide it tightly, and even if they can't cover it up, they won't come to the school, and they have already begged the sheriff and the shopkeeper to apologize or lose money to settle the matter.
副校长一听治安官说王叶坚持自己是清白的，非要到学校来理论，他就知道这件事绝对有鬼。
As soon as the vice principal heard the sheriff say that Wang Ye insisted that he was innocent and had to come to the school to theorize, he knew that there was definitely a ghost in this matter.
但要他相信那什么魔心蝙蝠的屁话，那也是不可能的。那理由明眼人都知道是那店主临时编出来的，为的就是不拆箱和不检查箱子里的东西。
But if he wanted to believe the of the Demon Heart Bat, it would be impossible. Anyone with a discerning eye knows that the shopkeeper made it up improvised, in order not to open the box and not to check the contents of the box.
副校长眯眼：“重点是那个箱子里的东西？你发现了什么？”
The vice principal squinted: "The point is what's in that box?" What did you find? ”
王叶在心中暗赞，不愧是副校长啊，这脑子杠杠的。 Wang Ye secretly praised in his heart, worthy of being the vice principal, this brain.
王叶扭头看雷木。用了他们之前约好的暗号，这个暗号表示这位副校长应该值得信任。
Wang Ye turned his head to look at Lei Mu. They used the code they had agreed upon, which meant that the vice-principal should be trustworthy.
之前像隐身人一样的雷木走上前，从怀里掏出一只小奶狗。
Lei Mu, who had been like an invisible man before, stepped forward and took out a small milk dog from his arms.
副校长目光落在小奶狗身上。 The vice-principal's eyes fell on the little milk dog.
小奶狗冲他呜咽一声。 The little milk dog whimpered at him.
“疾风狼幼崽？它怎么了？” "Tempest wolf cubs? What's wrong with it? ”
雷木代替王叶道：“我和我弟都对灵魂波动比较敏感，在经过这小东西时，听到他冲着我们叫，又感觉到了他灵魂波动有异，就把他买了回来。他告诉我们，他不是魔兽幼崽，他原本是人，还是来报考陨星魔法学校的学生，说他当时就排在我们后面，他和他姐姐一起，他叫耿明，他姐姐叫耿晶。”
Lei Mu said instead of Wang Ye: "My brother and I are both sensitive to soul fluctuations, and when we passed by this little thing, we heard him shouting at us, and I felt that his soul fluctuations were different, so I bought him back." He told us that he was not a Warcraft cub, he was originally a human, and he was still a student who came to apply for the Meteorite School of Magic, saying that he was in line with us at the time, and he was with his sister, his name was Geng Ming, and his sister's name was Geng Jing. ”
副校长皱起眉头。 The vice-principal frowned.
雷木接着道：“他说他报名排队途中感到肚子疼，就去找地方方便，但他突然就晕了过去，再醒来就在一个老者身体里，那老者很快就死了，他的灵魂飘荡出来，也是他幸运，在他灵魂溃散之前，他莫名其妙进入了这只魔兽幼崽的身体。”
Lei Mu continued: "He said that he felt a stomachache on the way to sign up for the queue, so he went to find a convenient place, but he suddenly fainted, and then woke up in the body of an old man, the old man died quickly, and his soul floated out, and he was lucky, before his soul collapsed, he inexplicably entered the body of this monster cub." ”
副校长脸色变得严肃，前几天教授们刚刚报上来一件事，说是在沼泽森林入口冒险城发现魂转阵，这事学校高层十分重视，没想到现在就看到了受害者。
The vice principal's face became serious, a few days ago, the professors just reported an incident, saying that they found the soul transformation array in the adventure city at the entrance of the swamp forest, and the school management attached great importance to this matter, but they didn't expect to see the victim now.
副校长接过小奶狗，放出精神力细细感知。 The vice principal took the little milk dog and let out his mental power to perceive it carefully.
小奶狗非常人性化地再次对他呜咽，还用小爪子着急地想要写画什么。
The little milk dog whimpered at him again very humanely, and anxiously wanted to write something with his little paws.
副校长抚摸小奶狗：“别急，我这就叫人来给你看看。”
The vice principal stroked the little milk dog: "Don't worry, I'll call someone to show you." ”
副校长点击桌面水晶球，一个人影冒出。 The Vice Principal clicked on the crystal ball on the table, and a figure appeared.
“希里教授，这里很可能有个转魂阵的受害者，您方便过来一趟吗？”
"Professor Ciri, there is likely to be a victim of the Soul Turning Array here, would it be convenient for you to come over?"
“马上就到。” "Coming soon."
这个马上真的是马上，水晶球中人影话音刚落，门边墙壁上镶嵌的落地镜中就走出一人。
This is really right away, and as soon as the voice of the figure in the crystal ball fell, a person walked out of the floor-to-ceiling mirror embedded in the wall next to the door.
副校长把小奶狗托付给对方，又把雷木告知他的情况大致复述一遍。
The vice principal entrusted the little milk dog to the other party, and roughly repeated what Reimu had told him.
希里教授目光扫过雷木，忽然问：“你说你对灵魂波动比较敏感？有时间就来我研究室一趟，我可以帮你做个详细测试。”
Professor Ciri's gaze swept over Lei Mu, and he suddenly asked, "You said you are more sensitive to soul fluctuations?" Come to my lab when you have time, and I can do a detailed test for you. ”
雷木：“谢谢。” Remu: "Thank you. ”
希里教授完全忽视了一旁的王小叶，单手托着小奶狗对副校长道：“我先去做检查，有什么结果再和你沟通。”
Professor Xili completely ignored Wang Xiaoye on the side, and said to the vice principal with the little milk dog in one hand: "I'll go for an examination first, and I'll communicate with you if there are any results." ”
“好。”副校长目送希里教授带着小奶狗跨入落地镜离开，才把目光再次转移到王叶身上：“这报考生的事和你偷抽奖箱的事有什么关联？”
"Okay." The vice president watched Professor Ciri take the little milk dog into the floor mirror and leave, and then shifted his gaze to Wang Ye again: "What is the relationship between this matter of applying for candidates and your stealing of the lottery box?" ”
王叶见耿明那个麻烦终于送出去，浑身都轻松了不少，当即就一副告状的口吻说道：“那家杂货铺的监视之眼有检测资质的作用。”
Wang Ye saw that Geng Ming's trouble was finally sent out, and his whole body was a lot easier, and he immediately said in a complaining tone: "The surveillance eye of that grocery store has the function of testing qualifications. ”
副校长立刻站直身体：“你没看错？” The vice principal immediately straightened up: "You read that right? ”
王叶摊手：“那我就不知道了，我只是感到当它扫视我全身时，和我当时坐在学校报名桌前的感觉很像，就好像有什么在窥探我，还有一股能量流过我全身。而且我进店后它就一直盯着我，大概是看出我比别人资质都好。”
副校长无语：“……那也不一定是检测资质，也有可能只是监视和扫描有没有人偷窃。”
王叶：“这就需要你们确认了。哦，还有那个一看我和我哥进店就凑过来的店员，他说是我们学校的学生，外表看着也像是二十左右，但是他的灵魂给我的感觉却像是有一两百了。”
副校长立即道：“你知道那学生的名字和长相吗？你又是怎么看出他的灵魂像是有一两百？”
王叶：“我说了是感觉啊，就是直觉。”
实际上那店员和他们接触了两次，也算有了浅薄的因果关系。王叶打开因果卷原本是看那求购兽皮图的少年底细，却无意中发现这个店员在因果卷上的头像出现重影，不是上辈子和这辈子的因果重影，那需要他要求才会出现，这种重影他并不陌生，他在“耿明”身上也看到过。
那是魂魄和身体还没完全融合的表示，因果卷承认他们是一个人，但又在细节上做出了区分。
现在王叶还无法看到那夺舍者的更多信息，但等他因果之力再升几级，他就能从因果卷上看到更多。
副校长也知道有些人天生精神力强大，其中就有部分人对灵魂波动敏感，这种人一般都是修精神类魔法或灵魂类魔法的好苗子，且难找，要不希里教授也不会当场邀约雷木去他那里做详细测试。
副校长也知道王叶中了千木之毒的事，看他脑门上那个肿包，不由心中暗叹。这么一个孩子，聪明、热心、反应快，更天资优异，真是可惜了。
也不知道是哪个混蛋对这么小的孩子下这样的毒手！
“所以你偷窃那抽奖箱是为了让学校、让我们注意到那杂货铺？你觉得那杂货铺有问题？”副校长问。
“是啊。校长您想啊，一个一两百岁的人怎么还会愿意在一家小小的杂货铺里当店员，被人呼来喝去？他肯定有不可告人的目的。正好我又发现那监视之眼有检测资质的作用，加上耿明的遭遇，我和我哥自然就做了一番怀疑和推测，那家店一定是家黑店，目标就是我们这些资质优异的天才。”王叶还加重语气。
副校长嘴唇抖了抖，但他还有一点不解：“那你们为什么不直接来找我们？”
“我们现在不是见到您了吗？而且您现在还见到那个店长了，这不是比我们空口无凭来告状更有用？您应该也发现那店主有不对劲的地方了吧？您看，那店主宁可付出三百多金币的赔偿，也不让学校拆箱子，还不足以说明那箱子有问题吗？”王叶振振有词。
副校长似笑非笑：“这么说我还得表扬你。”
“表扬就不用了。”王叶想了想，特别诚实地说道：“好吧，让学校注意到那家杂货铺只是原因之一。原因之二，其实我是真的想要偷那个抽奖箱，不过我不会拿走里面任何一样东西，我就是想要拆开看看里面都有些什么，等看完了，我还会放回去的。”
副校长立刻就明白了王叶的意思：“所以你之前说你抽奖的时候被什么咬了一口，才迷迷糊糊出现在人家店中，就是为了让我逼迫那店主把箱子打开，看里面都有什么东西？”
王叶：“对啊。”
小混蛋！副校长现在也想抽这小兔崽子了，瞧那理直气壮的模样竟然半点不觉得自己做错。
王叶还满脸可惜地道：“那监视之眼真的挺厉害，可惜我不会隐身术，一进去它就发现我了，我还没把箱子收起来，那店主就冲出来了。我为了不挨打，只好大喊大叫。”
雷木太了解王叶的实力，他有虫巢，藏在虫巢内进入店铺跟隐身也没区别，而且只要他的手指碰到抽奖箱，那箱子就会被立刻收进虫巢，根本不会被监视之眼发现。
小叶子之所以被人发现，应该还是想被人发现。
副校长：“你……”被开除了。后面四个字被副校长硬生生憋了回去。
“如果你说的那个店员真的灵魂有问题，那监视之眼也确实有检测资质的效用，或者那箱子有古怪，只要三者确证其一，你偷窃抽奖箱一事就算功过相抵，可如果你说的不是实话，你会被记大过，明白吗？”副校长严厉道。
王叶点头：“明白明白。记大过就是在我的学生档案上做个记录对吗？还好我将来不打算求职。”
副校长差点破功，手指往大门一指：“你可以滚了！还有，那家杂货铺，你以后不准去。要调查，学校会派人！”
“好的好的。”王叶抬头，眼睛亮亮地说：“伟大的校长先生，如果查明那杂货铺确实有问题，我可以得到奖励学分吗？毕竟我如此冒险，也是因为我看到我校学生灵魂有异，害怕有人对我们伟大的学校下黑手，为此我甚至不惜背负上小偷的污名。至于开箱看里面有什么，那就是附带。”
副校长被气笑，但他自认是个公私分明的人，就按捺住想揍熊孩子的冲动，道：“等查清楚后再说。”
“我相信学校不会抹杀学生的功劳的。”王叶开心了，走过去就拉起雷木的手：“哥，没事了，我们去食堂吃饭，我早饭还没吃呢。”
小兔崽子！副校长笑骂一声，等王叶一离开就去找校长了。
之前他们还以为某些人还没来得及下手，没想到他们已经夺舍成功好几个，而学校这么多学生，天知道里面有多少个已经换了芯子。那家杂货铺也许是个突破口，一定要好好查一查，还不能打草惊蛇。
王叶一从教学管理处走出来，就把杂货铺和夺舍的事抛到了脑后。
他这辈子的重点是养娃和养生，这种复杂的事情还是交给更厉害的人去做吧，他就当个穿针引线的小喽啰挺好。
他也不知道这座学校未来消失是不是和夺舍者有关，但能找出一点异常就找出一点，说不定哪里就起到了蝴蝶翅膀的作用，让未来的灾难就此消弭。
至于说他的这次小闹剧会不会导致杂货铺就此关门歇业，而原本应该在杂货铺得到机缘的人因此失去机缘，从而把账算到他头上？
那就要看那家杂货铺到底有没有问题。
如果没问题，那杂货店自然会一直开下去。
如果有问题，比如这家店铺和夺舍者有关，那解决相关者后，算功劳时自然也要算他一份。如此，就算未来某些人失去机缘的因果非要算到他头上，也能功过相抵。
再说，如果是被查出问题导致杂货店被关，只要那些机缘没有消失、没有被他人先一步夺取，那么原本（上辈子）该是谁的机缘一样会到那人手中。
如此一来，他就只剩下功，没有过了。
雷木看着摇头晃脑也不知道在高兴什么的小叶子，提醒他：“早上我看疯药王从钟乳洞里出来了，他似乎想要和你说什么，他应该很需要修复灵魂的药物。”
王叶哼唧：“不理他，那个老混蛋，竟然没把千木之毒的药方和解药方收录进宝典，非要我自己研究，再晾晾他。”
雷木也没强求：“你心里有数就好。”
雷木忽然叹息：“小叶子，有时候我都不知道你是不是事故体质，怎么走到哪里都能遇到事呢？”
王叶立马道：“这不能赖我，呃，好吧，还是有点我个人的原因，因为我观察力强。如果换了其他人去了那家杂货店，肯定不会注意到太多不正常的事情，那自然也不会碰到事故。可我这不是拥有真实之眼吗，一不小心就看到太多了~”
王叶也学着雷木叹息：“看到太多、知道太多也不好啊，想要假装不知道都困难。”
尤其他还是重生归来，更是哪里有机遇（有麻烦）就往哪里钻，想不碰到事都难。
雷木被逗笑，也逗王叶：“你昨晚为什么没拿那个抽奖箱，你不是说想看看里面都有些什么吗？”
王叶摸下巴：“我只是想到，如果那箱子里真的有什么好东西，我要是舍不得放回去怎么办？与其到时候纠结，还不如一开始就不看，不知道里面有什么，我也就不会心心念念的惦记。而且……未知才是最有意思的不是吗？”
他更怕看到什么不应该看到的东西，会惹麻烦上身。
雷木对他竖起拇指：“你能克制自己，在那时候忍住，真的很了不起。不过……”
雷木忍不住道：“那箱子里除了有可能的机缘，是不是真有什么问题，否则那店主为什么不让拆箱？”
雷木不好意思说他也好奇无比，特别想把那箱子拆开看看。
王叶摊手：“这我就真不知道了。木木，你别说了，再说，我又想去偷那个箱子了。”
雷木大笑。
王叶看雷木开心，他就高兴，挥手道：“现在我们就剩下一个麻烦，那就是送金宝回家。拣日不如撞日，不如等会儿我们吃过早饭，就去精灵族地吧。”
王叶说话时不说眉飞色舞，也有种即将把所有大小麻烦全都抛开的轻快感。
雷木好笑，也没戳破他的舍不得。
也不知道昨晚是谁巴巴地跟小光要了虫蜜，又拿出无垢花，给金宝儿准备了无垢洗髓液。虽说金宝儿体型小，需要的洗髓液也少，但只看疯药王就因为沾了那一点点养魂液就被小叶子不惜代价地赶出来，就知道这小家伙对外人有多小气了。
更不要说小叶子还把光之玉切了一小块，辛辛苦苦磨成粉末，和海豆芽泥搅拌在一起，再费心烘烤，制作出能增进金宝体质的“饼干”。
小光当时都妒忌了，咿咿呀呀地抱怨王小叶就没有专门给它和浮游光虫群做过零食。
雷木把无垢洗髓液当即就送入精灵空间给金宝儿泡上了，不过饼干要等金宝儿醒来吃了。
早饭过后，两人就从学校出发。
吃饭的时候，王叶察觉有不少人在看他，但他没理会。
魔板在校外也能使用，两人就没雇佣马车，直接使用魔板飞向无尽森海。
“我怀疑学校后山可能有直接通往无尽森海的近路，也许是传送阵。”王叶道。
雷木也有这个怀疑，他们当时被学校丢到无尽森海外沿，之后又回到陨星城时，就使用了传送阵。
“这座学校九成九和精灵族有关系。”王叶侧头看雷木：“木木，你有没有发现，学校教授和工作人员对你的态度都很亲切温和？”
“有吗？”雷木还真没感觉出来。
王叶因为自身经历缘故，对人的恶意和善意特别敏感，他很肯定地点头：“有。我觉得副校长会那么快相信我们的话，和你是精灵族混血也有一定关系。”
雷木没说话，他也不知道该如何看待他这个混血，不过比起魔种，他确实更喜欢精灵族血脉。
Remu didn't speak, and he didn't know what to think of his half-blood, but he did prefer the elven bloodline to the demon seed.
“木木，等到了地方，恐怕需要你来诱惑那些精灵族出来。”
"Mumu, when you get to the place, I'm afraid you need to lure those elves out."
“嗯。” "Hmm."
无尽森海虽然就在学校后方，但距离上很远，还要飞过黑河。
Although the Endless Forest Sea is just behind the school, it is far away, and it has to fly across the Black River.
两人驾驶魔板飞了大半天，直到下午过半才来到无尽森海边缘。
The two of them flew for most of the day in the magic board, and it was not until the middle of the afternoon that they came to the edge of the endless forest sea.
就在两人离开学校不久，少女俞希望来到了王叶和雷木的十二人大宿舍门前。
Not long after the two of them left school, the girl Yu Hope came to the door of Wang Ye and Lei Mu's twelve-person dormitory.
她昨天就想找过来，但她昨天泡完澡，还没有来得及惊喜身上的变化，谁想长久没有变动的魔力等级竟然升了一小阶，为了巩固新修为，她不得不进入冥想。
She wanted to find it yesterday, but after she took a bath yesterday, she didn't have time to surprise the changes in her body, who wanted that the magic level that had not changed for a long time had actually risen a small level, and in order to consolidate her new cultivation, she had to enter meditation.
早上冥想一结束，她就跑来学校了。 As soon as the morning meditation was over, she ran to school.
新预备生的宿舍楼很好找，大家都知道是哪一栋。 The dormitory building for new prospectives is easy to find, and everyone knows which one it is.
在宿管那里写明来意和想要拜访的人，再签名，才被放行。
Write down the intention of the dormitory and the person you want to visit at the dormitory, and then sign it before being released.
俞希望看看门口显示出来的十二个名牌，王叶和雷木在最下面。
Yu wanted to look at the twelve famous brands displayed at the door, with Wang Ye and Lei Mu at the bottom.
俞希望再三确定没找错地方，站在门口深呼吸几次，把自己的学生徽章取下，贴到门扉验证口，并对着门扉说话：“我是炼金魔法学院三年级生俞希望，过来找王叶和雷木同学。”
Yu Hope made sure that he was not looking for the wrong place, stood at the door and took a few deep breaths, took off his student badge, pasted it on the door, and spoke to the door: "I am Yu Hope, a third-year student of the Alchemy Magic Academy, and I came to find Wang Ye and Lei Mu. ”
连问三遍，门都没有开，这要么表明那两人不在宿舍，要么就是那两人懒得应答。
I asked three times, but the door didn't open, which either showed that the two were not in the dormitory, or the two were too lazy to answer.
俞希望无奈，只能把准备好的信封拿出，塞进宿舍门的信箱口里，并说明：“请把信件转交给王叶同学。”
Yu Hope had no choice but to take out the prepared envelope, stuff it into the mailbox of the dormitory door, and explain: "Please forward the letter to Wang Ye." ”
如此信箱就会把这封信直接转到王叶房间。 In this way, the mailbox will directly transfer the letter to Wang Ye's room.
可俞希望这时候并不知道王叶压根就没住过自己的宿舍，他一直和雷木一个屋。所以转到他房间内的信件，他大概率是看不到了。
But Yu hoped that at this time, he didn't know that Wang Ye had never lived in his dormitory at all, and he had always been in the same room with Lei Mu. So when he turned to the letter in his room, he probably couldn't see it.
陨星城，心愿旅馆。 Meteor City, Wish Hotel.
下午茶时间，不少客人坐在餐厅里看报聊天和休息。
有不少客人不识字，旅馆就雇佣了一名读报人，在餐厅一角给大家读报，愿意听的就会坐到那边。
There were many customers who could not read, so the hotel hired a newspaper reader to read the newspaper to everyone in the corner of the restaurant, and those who wanted to listen would sit there.
读报人刚读完一则新闻，就有客人笑起来。 As soon as the newspaper reader finished reading a piece of news, a guest burst into laughter.
“我就说陨星魔法学校肯定会庇护那个学生，哪怕他还没正式入学。”
其他客人也跟着笑谈起来：“护短，也算是陨星魔法学校的特点之一了。要不是这样，每年也不会有那么多大贵族大势力把自己的孩子巴巴送过来。听说海盗之王的独子就在那座学校，我还听说那学校连魔种孩都愿意收。”
The other guests also laughed and said, "Protecting the short is also one of the characteristics of the Meteorite Magic School." If it weren't for this, there wouldn't be so many big nobles and big forces sending their children over every year. I heard that the only son of the Pirate King was in that school, and I heard that the school was willing to accept even demon seed children. ”
“嘘，这种未经证实的话可不好说。屠魔教对这种消息最敏感了，我可不想那个教派的疯子跑到我们这儿来捣乱。”
"Shhhh The Demon Slayer Cult is the most sensitive to this kind of news, and I don't want the madmen of that sect to come to us and cause trouble. ”
“是啊是啊。”旁的客人也连忙打岔：“我们就说那被偷的杂货店老板吧，竟然特地登报澄清他冤枉了那个小孩，也是很倒霉了。那新闻上怎么说，那店主还赔了那小孩三百多金币？”
"yes, yes." The guest next to him also hurriedly interrupted: "Let's talk about the stolen grocery store owner, and it is also very unlucky to publish a newspaper to clarify that he wronged the child." What did the news say that the shopkeeper had lost more than 300 gold coins to the child? ”
“是啊。简直就是天降损失。这要不是陨星学校的学生，加上那孩子年龄偏小，这事真不一定会这么解决。”
"yes. It's a loss from the sky. If it weren't for the students of the Meteorite School, and the child's young age, this matter would not have been solved in this way. ”
但也有客人有不同意见，表示：“陨星虽然护短，但也不是不讲理的，如果那孩子真的偷窃，就算不被取消录取资格，也会给他其他惩罚。更不至于让那店主公开澄清他冤枉那小孩的事。我看这件事还有内幕。”
But there are also guests who have different opinions, saying: "Although the meteorite is short-sighted, it is not unreasonable, if the child really steals, even if he is not disqualified, he will be given other punishments." Not to let the shopkeeper publicly clarify that he had wronged the child. I think there's an inside story about this. ”
“对哦，那家杂货店店主我认识，可不是什么软柿子，陨星就算能让他闭嘴，但也无法强逼他承认是他的错，我看真实情况应该就是那店主说的，抽奖箱里有魔心蝙蝠，那蝙蝠迷惑了小孩，小孩也是受害者。”
"Yes, I know the owner of the grocery store, it's not a soft persimmon, even if the meteorite can shut him up, but he can't force him to admit that it's his fault, I think the real situation should be what the shopkeeper said, there is a demon heart bat in the lottery box, the bat confuses the child, and the child is also a victim."
顿时认可的声音一大片。 Immediately recognized the sound of a large piece.
“那抽奖箱里真的有魔心蝙蝠？” "Is there really a Demon Heart Bat in the lottery box?"
“就算原来有，现在也不会有了。”
“听起来这家店的抽奖箱似乎有点意思啊，而且那孩子别的不偷，非要偷那个抽奖箱，呵呵。等会儿没事，去这家店看看？正好也不远，好像就这条街上。”
“好啊，我也想去看看。”
老板娘听到这些议论，先没在意，等到客人三三两两离开，她无聊下就把被客人们放到一边的报纸拿过来看。
When the proprietress heard these discussions, she didn't pay attention to it at first, and when the guests left, she was bored and took the newspaper that was put aside by the guests to read.
翻了一页，老板娘盯着报纸上男孩的侧脸，突然站起。 Turning the page, the proprietress stared at the boy's side face in the newspaper and suddenly stood up.
这不是王叶吗？送他两颗泡澡药丸的男孩。 Isn't this Wang Ye? The boy who gave him two bath pills.
托那两颗药丸的福，她妹妹的皮肤情况已经改善不少，魔法等级还升了一小阶，但想要根治，恐怕还需要两颗药丸。
Thanks to the two pills, her sister's skin condition has improved a lot, and her magic level has also risen a small level, but if she wants to cure it radically, I'm afraid she still needs two pills.
她妹妹今早就杀去学校找两人了，也不知道有没有找到。
Her sister went to the school this morning to look for the two, and I don't know if they were found.
老板娘万没想到那随手就给出两颗可以改善体质的宝贵药丸的豪气男孩，竟然就是今天被客人们反复提及的“小贼”。
The proprietress never expected that the heroic boy who casually gave two precious pills that could improve his physique turned out to be the "little thief" who was repeatedly mentioned by the guests today.
报纸上的脸其实不是很清楚，眼睛还被遮住，只露出半张侧脸。
The face in the newspaper is actually not very clear, and the eyes are still covered, revealing only half of the side face.
可老板娘直觉这个“小贼”就是王叶。 But the proprietress intuitively felt that this "little thief" was Wang Ye.
老板娘立刻把所有报纸都抓过来，把关于小贼的新闻全都找出来看了一遍。
The proprietress immediately grabbed all the newspapers and found out all the news about the thief.
看完，她就跟部分客人一样，坚定地认为王叶无意间被魔心蝙蝠害了。
After reading it, she, like some guests, firmly believed that Wang Ye was inadvertently killed by the Demon Heart Bat.
你想啊，出手那么豪气的男孩，怎么可能去偷一个不值钱的抽奖箱？
What do you think, how could a boy with such a bold shot go to steal a worthless lottery box?
不用说了，肯定都是魔心蝙蝠的错，更是那店主的错。 Needless to say, it must be the fault of the Demon Heart Bat, and even more so the shopkeeper's fault.
出于对王叶的感激，老板娘决定去找那杂货店老板好好说道说道，大家都在一条街上，都是抬头不见低头见的邻居，彼此都认识。
Out of gratitude to Wang Ye, the proprietress decided to go to the grocery store owner and said that everyone was on the same street, they were all neighbors who looked up and didn't look down, and they all knew each other.
等到了晨星杂货铺，老板娘呆住了，这里竟然挤满了人。
When I arrived at the Morning Star grocery store, the proprietress froze, and it was crowded with people.
店内熙熙攘攘，大量人都聚集在抽奖箱前，等待抽奖和看别人抽奖。
The store was bustling with a large number of people gathered in front of the lottery box, waiting for the lottery and watching others draw the lottery.
外面还有人站在玻璃窗前看热闹。 There are still people standing in front of the glass windows outside to watch the excitement.
有些土豪客人听说陨星魔法学校的小天才跑到这家店偷抽奖箱，好奇下就跑过来闲逛，买了八十多九十多金币的物品，还会再买一些东西凑成一百金币，就是为了换取抽奖机会。
Some local tyrant guests heard that the little genius of the Falling Star Magic School came to this store to steal the lottery box, so they ran over to hang out out of curiosity, bought items with more than eighty or ninety gold coins, and would buy some more things to make up a hundred gold coins, just in exchange for a lottery opportunity.
还有不少原本要去别的店铺买东西，可因为好奇这里的抽奖箱，就转到这家店来的客人。
There are also many customers who originally wanted to go to other stores to buy things, but because they were curious about the lottery box here, they turned to this store.
某些人口中的倒霉蛋店主这会儿笑得合不拢口，因为店内人手不够，还亲自跑出来招呼客人。
Some people call the unlucky shopkeeper laughing from ear to ear at this moment, because the store is not staffed enough, and he himself runs out to greet customers.
奇怪的是，这么多客人，老板娘却没看到平常会看到的那个在店里飞来飞去的监视之眼。
It's strange that with so many customers, the proprietress didn't see the surveillance eye that she usually saw flying around the store.
“你也是想来抽奖的？”有人在老板娘耳边幽幽道。 "You want to come to the lottery too?" Someone whispered in the ear of the proprietress .
“不是。我是来问店主到底是怎么回事，我认识那孩子，真不是做那种事的人。”老板娘下意识回复，转头一看才发现也是认识的人，是同一条街上炼金店的老板。
"It's not. I'm here to ask the shopkeeper what the hell is going on, I know the kid, and he's not the one to do that kind of thing. The proprietress subconsciously replied, and when she turned her head, she realized that she was also an acquaintance, the owner of an alchemy shop on the same street.
炼金店老板脸色很不好看：“我也觉得那孩子是被冤枉了。报名期马上就要结束，眼看最好的赚钱季就要过去，有人就忍不住出昏招了，还不是想趁着最后几天再大赚一笔。我看这整件事根本就是这家店搞出来吸引客人的手段！故意利用了人家小孩，哼！”
The alchemy shop owner's face was very ugly: "I also think that kid has been wronged." The registration period is coming to an end, and seeing that the best money-making season is about to pass, some people can't help but make a stupid move, not wanting to make a big profit in the last few days. I think this whole thing is simply a means for this store to attract customers! Deliberately took advantage of other people's children, hum! ”
老板娘立场已经完全偏到“小贼”那边，闻言也跟着点头。
The proprietress has completely tilted her position to the side of the "thief", and she nodded when she heard the words.
炼金店老板顿时对老板娘引为知己，还满是好奇地问：“你认识那小孩？听说那孩子豪气得很，这几天在我们这条街上买了不少东西，尤其在那家杂货铺，但没人打听出他的身世。”
The owner of the alchemy shop immediately took the proprietress as a confidant, and asked curiously, "Do you know that child?" I heard that the kid was very arrogant, and he had bought a lot of things on our street these days, especially at the grocery store, but no one asked about his background. ”
老板娘正经道：“也不算认识，他和他哥曾是我们店的客人，那孩子确实豪气，我怀疑他家里一定有一位大药师以上的大佬。他随手送我两颗泡澡药，结果就把我妹妹的体质问题解决了七成。”
The proprietress said solemnly: "I don't know each other, he and his brother were guests of our store, that kid is really arrogant, I suspect that there must be a big pharmacist or above in his family." He gave me two bath pills, and as a result, my sister's physical problem was solved by seventy. ”
老板娘的话顿时吸引了附近几个人，这几个人都是这条街上的店主，看杂货店热闹，就过来瞅两眼。
The proprietress immediately attracted a few people nearby, all of whom were shopkeepers on the street, and they came to take a look at the grocery store.
“听起来那孩子很是不凡啊。” "That kid sounds extraordinary."
“人家本来就不是普通人。” "People are not ordinary people."
“你们看晨星店主多开心啊，之前还在报纸上哭诉他赔了三百多金币给那孩子，也不看看这事闹出来给他赚了多少金币。”说话的老板口吻酸极了。
"You see how happy the shopkeeper of Morning Star is, he was crying in the newspaper before that he lost more than 300 gold coins to that child, and he didn't look at how much gold coins he made when this incident came out." The boss who spoke spoke in a very sour tone.
“晨星杂货铺也算因祸得福了，如果他真的没暗中搞手脚的话。”
"Morningstar's grocery store is a blessing in disguise, if he really didn't do it secretly."
老板娘俞心愿感叹：“我现在觉得那孩子就是个福星，走到哪里都能给人带来好运。”
The proprietress Yu sighed: "I now think that child is a lucky star, and he can bring good luck wherever he goes." ”
这话竟然赢得了不少店主的赞同。 This statement has won the approval of many shopkeepers.
有些店主回去就在店铺门口贴上“陨星学校新生凭借身份木牌可以打九折”的宣传，就希望那个小贼看到这告示也能来他们店里随便逛逛。
When some shopkeepers went back, they put up a propaganda on the door of the store that "Meteorite School freshmen can get a nine-percent discount by virtue of their identity wooden tags", hoping that the thief would also come to their store to shop casually when he saw this notice.
还有些店主当天就推出了同样的消费多少金额可以抽奖的抽奖箱，还是和晨星杂货铺同款的暗箱抽奖。
There are also some shopkeepers who have launched a lottery box that can be drawn for the same amount of consumption on the same day, or a dark box lottery with the same style as Morningstar grocery store.
第121章 送金宝回家 Chapter 121: Sending Jinbao Home
王叶和雷木在无尽森海边沿徘徊。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu wandered along the edge of the Endless Forest Sea.
“你确定就是这里？”雷木问，他没有感知到半点精灵族存在。
"Are you sure this is it?" Lei Mu asked, he didn't perceive the slightest bit of elven existence.
王叶疑惑，退出去驾驶魔板飞起来看了看四周环境，再落下来，很肯定地说：“就是这里。”
Wang Ye was puzzled, withdrew and drove the magic board to fly, looked at the surrounding environment, and then fell, and said with certainty: "This is it." ”
上辈子他来精灵族地做副本任务，就是从这里进入，当时精灵族地因为被寄生虫族攻打，整个暴露了出来，之后也没能再关上。
In his previous life, he came to the elf land to do a quest for a dungeon, and it was from here that he entered, and at that time, the elf land was completely exposed because it was attacked by the parasitic zerg, and it was not closed again.
用关这个词，是因为很多人都传言精灵族地其实并不是在无尽森海，而是在位于无尽森海的秘境中。
The word guan is used because many people have rumored that the elven land is not actually in the Endless Forest Sea, but in the secret realm located in the Endless Forest Sea.
所以就算有人能深入无尽森海，还是找不到精灵族地，就是因为没能找到正确入口。
Therefore, even if someone can go deep into the Endless Forest Sea, they still can't find the elven land, just because they can't find the right entrance.
雷木看小叶子如此肯定，身体就开始变化。 Lei Mu saw that Xiao Ye was so sure, and his body began to change.
原本与人类没有二样的外表开始逐渐有了异族特征，雷木额头冒出了一对翡翠角，角上长有嫩芽，头发转为墨绿色，眼珠同样。
雷木散发出来的草木气息也越发浓郁。
王叶感受雷木的气息，恍然以为旁边站的是一株超级魔植。
眼看再这样下去，精灵族地没有丝毫反应，其他魔兽说不定要先被雷木吸引出来。
王叶感到异样，赶紧让雷木停止加强精灵族的血脉浓度。
“木木，不对劲。”
雷木也道：“是不对劲。上次我们过来还能感觉到无尽森海中有谁在偷窥我们，可这会儿却半点反应没有，小叶子，你真的真的确定这里是精灵族地入口？要么我们去上次那边看看？”
Lei Mu also said: "It's wrong. The last time we came over, we could still feel that someone in the Endless Forest Sea was spying on us, but we didn't react at all at this time, Xiao Yezi, are you really sure that this is the entrance to the elf race? Or shall we go over there last time? ”
王叶摇头。 Wang Ye shook his head.
雷木：“你不确定？还是不去那边？” Raimi: "You're not sure? Or don't you go over there? ”
王叶：“我摇头是说不对劲的是你。” Wang Ye: "I shook my head to say that it was you who was wrong." ”
“嗯？”雷木不解：“我哪里不对劲？” "Huh?" Lei Mu was puzzled: "What's wrong with me?" ”
王叶微感不安地说：“精灵族不是你这样，我是说……你增加精灵族的血脉浓度后散发的气息不对。木木，你把你的气息收起来，不要暴露。”
Wang Ye said with a slight uneasiness: "The elf clan is not like you, I mean...... The aura you emitted after increasing the concentration of the elven bloodline is wrong. Mumu, you put away your breath and don't expose it. ”
雷木虽然不明所以，还是依言行事，他虽然被说是有精灵血脉，同样对精灵族不了解。
Although Lei Mu didn't know why, he still acted according to his words, although he was said to have elven blood, he also didn't know anything about the elf race.
王叶收起魔板，围着雷木绕了两圈，还靠近他嗅了嗅。 Wang Ye put away the magic board, circled around Lei Mu twice, and sniffed close to him.
雷木：“……” Raimi: "......"
王叶停下脚步，小眉头皱成疙瘩。 Wang Ye stopped, his little brow furrowed.
雷木伸手抚摸他的短头毛：“你在愁什么？” Lei Mu reached out and stroked his short hair: "What are you worried about?" ”
王叶呢喃：“不对劲，为什么会这样，到底哪里不对劲？”
Wang Ye murmured: "Something is wrong, why is this happening, what's wrong?" ”
“木木，给我一滴你的血。” "Mumu, give me a drop of your blood."
雷木二话不说伸出手指。 Lei Mu didn't say a word and stretched out his finger.
王叶小心翼翼地用针戳破雷木食指指尖，挤出一滴血，舔掉。
Wang Ye carefully pierced the tip of Lei Mu's index finger with a needle, squeezed out a drop of blood, and licked it off.
随后，王叶就闭上眼开始细细感受。 Then, Wang Ye closed his eyes and began to feel carefully.
雷木站在一边，警惕地看向四周，他听到了一些几不可闻的淅淅索索声，有什么东西正在靠近这边。
Raimu stood aside, looking around warily, and he heard some barely audible whistling sounds, and something was approaching this side.
不久，那种被窥视的感觉又来了。 Soon, that feeling of being spied on returned.
雷木反而放心了，看来这里真的是精灵族地入口，就算不是，能把精灵族吸引来也是好事。
Lei Mu was relieved, it seems that this is really the entrance to the elven land, even if it is not, it is a good thing to attract the elven clan.
过了好一会儿，王叶才睁开眼睛。 After a long while, Wang Ye opened his eyes.
王叶有些焦躁，他严重感觉到自己知识不足。虽然对比一般人，他的知识储备很厉害，但他的知识储备大多都是非超凡界的普通知识，涉及双月星超凡界，他就跟幼儿一般了。
Wang Ye was a little anxious, he seriously felt that his knowledge was insufficient. Although compared to ordinary people, his knowledge reserve is very powerful, but most of his knowledge reserves are ordinary knowledge of the non-transcendent realm, and when it comes to the Twin Moon Star transcendent realm, he is like a child.
偏偏上辈子因为把这个世界当做游戏看待，他更多的是和玩家打交道，而不是和本世界土著，所以对于本地土著很多事情知道得都是泛泛，尤其是双月星超凡界。
However, in his previous life, because he regarded this world as a game, he dealt more with players than with the natives of this world, so he knew a lot of things about the local natives, especially the Twin Moon Star Transcendent Realm.
但就算他的鉴定术只是初级，他也可以断言，普通的木系精灵族绝不是木木这样。
But even if his identification skills were only rudimentary, he could assert that ordinary wood-type elves were by no means like Mumu.
“木木，金宝儿给我。”王叶伸手。 "Mumu, give it to me." Wang Ye stretched out his hand.
雷木闻言就把还在睡觉的金宝从精灵空间中转移出来，放到王叶手中，他相信小叶子不会伤害金宝儿。
When Lei Mu heard this, he transferred Jinbao, who was still sleeping, out of the elf space and put it in Wang Ye's hands, he believed that Xiao Yezi would not hurt Jinbao'er.
王叶也确实没有伤害金宝的意思，他只是需要进一步确定。
Wang Ye really didn't mean to hurt Jinbao, he just needed to be further sure.
金宝一亮出来，林内突然骚动，躲藏的存在差点没稳住。
As soon as Jinbao came out, Rinnai suddenly stirred, and the existence of hiding was almost unstable.
王叶用手轻轻握着金宝，细细感受。 Wang Ye gently held Jinbao with his hand and felt it carefully.
没错，这才是精灵族，跟他上辈子遇到的气息同类。 That's right, this is the elven race, the same kind of breath he had encountered in his previous life.
虽然精灵族有不同系，但他们本质都是一样的，那就是他们本身并不是材料。
Although the elves have different lineages, they all have the same essence, that is, they are not materials themselves.
对，就是这样！ Yes, that's it!
这也是精灵族和人类十分相似的一点，他们不管是哪个系别，不管现在和将来能掌握什么样的能力，他们就和普通人类一样需要缓慢成长。
This is also a point where elves and humans are very similar, no matter what kind of department they have, no matter what kind of abilities they can master now and in the future, they need to grow slowly like ordinary humans.
人类可以被其他物种当做食物吃掉，精灵族同样，但不是被当做绝世灵药吃掉或者被当做绝顶材料用掉，除非那个精灵族或者人族已经修炼到某种境界，身体本质已经转变。
Humans can be eaten as food by other species, and the same is true for the elves, but they are not eaten as peerless elixirs or used as supreme materials, unless that elf or human race has cultivated to a certain realm and the essence of the body has changed.
就像金宝儿，他的身份很金贵，他也能操纵金属元素，还能使用一些秘法，但就他本身而言，他就是一条金色的小四脚蛇。
Just like Jinbao'er, his identity is very expensive, he can also manipulate metal elements, and he can also use some secret methods, but as far as he is concerned, he is a small golden four-legged snake.
如果把金宝杀死，那就跟得到一条手指长的四脚蛇没有多大区别，说不定肉质还没有真四脚蛇好吃，也不会有什么特别效用。
If you kill Jinbao, it will not be much different from getting a finger-length four-legged snake, maybe the meat is not as delicious as a real four-legged snake, and it will not have any special effect.
简而言之，精灵族只是能量和元素的操纵者，就像是人类修真传说中的单灵根修者。
In short, the elves are just manipulators of energy and elements, just like the single spirit root cultivators in the legend of human cultivation.
可雷木却不一样，他调动越多的精灵族血脉，他身上的超级魔植感就越重，就好像他的生命本质都开始转变，不再是单纯的哺乳动物，而是真的转为了植物。
But Lei Mu is different, the more elven bloodline he mobilizes, the heavier the super demon plant sense on his body, as if the essence of his life has begun to change, no longer a simple mammal, but really transformed into a plant.
现在王叶都开始怀疑雷木也许并不是精灵族血脉，或者不单单是单纯的精灵族血脉。
Now Wang Yedu began to suspect that Lei Mu might not be an elven bloodline, or just a simple elven bloodline.
雷木的情况是个谜，也不适合现在、在这个地方讨论，只能暂时放下。
Remu's situation is a mystery, and it is not suitable for discussion in this place now, so it can only be put aside for the time being.
王叶手托金宝，往前送了送，又缩回手，转头就对雷木说：“木木，我们回去吧。”
Wang Ye held the gold treasure in his hand, sent it forward, retracted his hand, turned his head and said to Lei Mu: "Mumu, let's go back." ”
雷木眼中打出问号，你不是来送金宝回家的吗？ There was a question mark in Lei Mu's eyes, weren't you here to send Jinbao home?
王叶不满地道：“我们在这儿都绕了半天了，金宝明明说他只要一出现，他的族人就也会出现，并会对耗费大量珍宝辛苦把他孵化出来、还把他不远万里历尽九九八十一难才把一只纯血精灵送回家的我们感激不尽，然后奉上大量天材地宝，只求能接他回家，可现在呢？”
Wang Ye said dissatisfiedly: "We have been going around here for a long time, Jinbao clearly said that as soon as he appears, his people will also appear, and will spend a lot of treasures to hatch him out, and we are grateful to us for sending a pure-blood elf home after going through nine hundred and eighty-one difficulties thousands of miles away, and then offer a large number of heavenly and earthly treasures, just to take him home, but now?" ”
王叶摇头，小大人似地叹气：“看来金宝家的族人并不怎么重视他，以后还是我们养着金宝儿吧，好歹把他孵化了出来，又一把屎一把尿地把他拉扯到这么大，真送回去，如果过得好也就算了，过得不好，我心疼。”
Wang Ye shook his head, and sighed like a little adult: "It seems that the clansmen of the Jinbao family don't pay much attention to him, let's raise Jinbao'er in the future, so we hatched him out, and pulled him to such a big size with a handful of and urine, really send him back, if he is doing well, forget it, if he is not good, I feel distressed." ”
雷木：“……” Raimi: "......"
王叶把金宝往口袋里一塞，踏上魔板，“木木，走了。”
Wang Ye stuffed Jinbao into his pocket and stepped on the magic board, "Mumu, let's go." ”
林内存在终于忍不住，亮相了。 Lin Jian finally couldn't help it and appeared.
“等等，等等！你要走可以，先把那小崽儿给我们瞅瞅。”林木中跳出来一个人。
"Wait, wait! If you want to go, you can show us the little cub first. "A man jumped out of the woods.
雷木和王叶一起打量来人，就见对方身材修长、面容俊秀，全身穿皮甲，脚上蹬着战靴，身后背着弓箭，腰间别着魔弹枪，一头精干的短发，短发是棕色，上耳郭夹着一只别致的耳夹，那耳夹像是一根精致的小珊瑚上挂着两颗小珠子。
Lei Mu and Wang Ye looked at the people together, and saw that the other party was slender and handsome, wearing leather armor all over his body, with combat boots on his feet, a bow and arrow behind his back, a magic bullet gun pinned to his waist, a lean short hair, short hair was brown, and a unique ear clip was sandwiched between the upper ear, which was like a delicate little coral with two small beads hanging on it.
别说，整体造型还挺帅。 Not to mention, the overall shape is quite handsome.
随后，这人身后又走出两人，和此人打扮差不多。 Then, two more people walked out behind this person, dressed similarly to this person.
王叶和雷木还感觉到附近另有两个人的气息。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu also felt the breath of two other people nearby.
一共五个人，一个典型的战斗小队。 There are five people in total, a typical combat squad.
“你们是精灵族？”王叶似满脸好奇地问。 "You're elves?" Wang Ye asked with curiosity on his face.
其实他已经通过对方耳郭上的饰品看出了这五个精灵的身份，他们是精灵族的土系，看打扮应是族内战士。
In fact, he had already seen the identities of these five elves through the ornaments on the other party's ears, they were the soil of the elf clan, and they should be warriors in the clan.
“是啊。”那精灵战士痞痞地道。 "yes." The elven warrior ruffian.
“怎么，小家伙没见过精灵族吗？还是没见过我这么帅的？”精灵战士一昂头，耳夹上的血红珊瑚珠子跟着晃动了几下。
"Why, hasn't the little one seen the elves? Still haven't seen me so handsome? As soon as the elven warrior raised his head, the blood-red coral beads on his ear clips shook a few times.
王叶点头：“真没见过你这样的。” Wang Ye nodded: "I've never seen you like this." ”
上辈子他见到的精灵族绝大多数都苦大仇深，就算少数没有终日绷着张全世界都欠我的脸，也是一副茫然找不到根的凄凉仓惶。
In his previous life, most of the elves he saw were bitter and hateful, and even if a few didn't have a face that the whole world owed me all day long, they were still at a loss and couldn't find their roots.
而眼前的几个精灵都是精神气十足，领头的那个更是痞子气十足，且浑身都洋溢着“我很强大”的自信感。
And the elves in front of him are full of spirit, and the leader is even more ruffian, and his whole body is full of confidence of "I am strong".
“来来来，小家伙，把你带来的我族幼崽给我瞅瞅，如果真是我族的种，报酬少不了你的。”痞子精灵跟做买卖似的，凑到王叶面前，伸手。
"Come on, little one, show me the cubs you brought with me, if it's really my species, the reward will be yours." The ruffian elf was like doing business, leaned in front of Wang Ye and stretched out his hand.
王叶也真的掏出金宝放到对方手掌心上。 Wang Ye also really took out the golden treasure and put it on the palm of the other party's hand.
痞子战士笑起来，眼睛弯弯的，贼好看：“你们是陨星的学生吧？今年新入学？”
The ruffian warrior laughed, his eyes crooked, and the thief looked good: "You are the students of the Falling Star, right?" New to this year? ”
王叶点头：“是啊。” Wang Ye nodded: "Yes." ”
痞子战士轻轻合起手掌，闭眼，像是在感受金宝身上的气息。
The ruffian warrior gently closed his palms and closed his eyes, as if feeling the breath of Jinbao's body.
这种方法其实跟王叶之前使用的差不多，不过痞子战士多了一个激发精灵族血脉的过程。
This method is actually similar to what Wang Ye used before, but the ruffian warriors have one more process to stimulate the bloodline of the elf race.
当他手握金宝激发精灵族血脉，沉睡中的金宝也跟着有了反应。
When he held the golden treasure in his hand to stimulate the blood of the elven clan, the sleeping golden treasure also reacted.
痞子战士摊开手掌，这下他是真的露出了真诚的笑容：“这小家伙给你们养得挺壮实，就是我们族内那些宝贝蛋说不定都不如你们养得好。你们是怎么养的？”
The ruffian warrior spread out his palms, and now he really showed a sincere smile: "This little guy has raised you quite strongly, even those precious eggs in our clan may not be as good as you." How did you raise it? ”
讲实话，他们精灵族幼崽不难养，但也不好养，尤其孵化起来更麻烦。如果孵化时没准备好，不但有可能孵化不出来，就算孵化出来，小精灵的资质也会大受影响。
To be honest, their elven cubs are not difficult to raise, but they are also not easy to raise, especially when hatched. If you are not ready when hatching, not only may you not hatch, but even if you hatch, the elf's qualifications will be greatly affected.
但这只金精灵却肥嘟嘟的，这么小一只，吃得小肚子都要坠到地上。四只小爪子也肉乎乎的，小脸也圆得很。
But this golden elf is fat, such a small one, eating a small stomach will fall to the ground. The four little paws are also fleshy, and the little face is also very round.
吃得胖不代表资质好，但就他刚才的血脉共感来看，小家伙的资质应该相当不错。
Eating fat doesn't mean that the qualifications are good, but judging from the blood empathy he had just now, the little guy's qualifications should be quite good.
资质到底如何，还得到族里做详细检测。但痞子精灵很确定这出生显然没多久的小家伙资质至少在中上等以上。
In the end, what is the qualification, but also get the family to do a detailed test. But the ruffian elf was very sure that this little guy who had obviously not been born for a long time had at least the upper middle and upper grades.
王叶立刻道：“我们给他用了好多好东西，尤其我哥在孵化他时，那是尽心尽力，凡是传说中对精灵族有好处的东西，他都找来了，什么光之玉心、月光石、极阳金精、极寒铁精，还有好多灵液、大堆的秘银……等等”
Wang Ye immediately said: "We used a lot of good things for him, especially when my brother was incubating him, he did his best, everything that was said to be good for the elf clan, he found it, what light jade heart, moonstone, extreme yang gold essence, extreme cold iron essence, as well as a lot of spiritual liquid, a lot of Mithril...... And so on."
王叶报了一堆有的没的天材地宝，最后道：“包括传说中的生命灵液，那可是我哥他母亲留给他救命的宝贝，他都用在金宝儿身上了。我哥对我都没这么好！”
Wang Ye reported a bunch of natural treasures that he didn't have, and finally said: "Including the legendary life spirit liquid, that is the life-saving treasure left to him by my brother and his mother, and he used it all on Jin Bao'er." My brother wasn't that nice to me! ”
王小叶满是醋意地睨雷木。 Wang Xiaoye stared at Lei Mu with vinegar.
雷木：你就编吧。 Remu: You can make it up.
痞子精灵哈哈笑，不动声色地把小金宝转交给身后的精灵战士。
The ruffian elf laughed, and quietly handed over the little golden treasure to the elven warrior behind him.
那精灵战士小心翼翼地捧着金宝，转身就钻进了树林。 The elven warrior carefully held the golden treasure in his hand, turned and burrowed into the woods.
王叶和雷木：喂喂喂，价钱还没谈好呢！ Wang Ye and Lei Mu: Hey, hey, the price hasn't been negotiated yet!
痞子精灵转看向雷木，笑着问：“你是我族混血吧，血脉反应倒是很浓厚，隔着门，我们都感觉到了。”
The ruffian elf turned to look at Lei Mu and asked with a smile: "You are a mixed blood of my clan, the blood reaction is very strong, and we all feel it through the door." ”
王叶抓住了门这个字眼。 Wang Ye grabbed the word door.
雷木只淡淡点头，并没有多说什么。 Lei Mu only nodded lightly and didn't say much.
痞子精灵也不是很在意一个混血族人，他主要是感激两人愿意把纯血小精灵孵化出来还愿意送回来。
The ruffian elf didn't care much about a half-breed either, he was mainly grateful that the two were willing to hatch the pure-blood elf and send it back.
“哥是直爽人，咱们就开门见山地说，你们能把小精灵送回来，我族衷心感激，但口头说感激没意思，你们有什么想要的吗？”
"Brother is a straightforward person, let's get straight to the point, you can send the elf back, our clan is sincerely grateful, but it's not interesting to say thank you verbally, do you have anything to want?"
王叶就喜欢这种直爽人，他也没客气，张口就道：“既然你这么说，为了不让你们良心不安，那就先来一百枚生命之树的树叶，其他的，你们可以看着给，有高级药草和高级炼金材料最好，没有的话，高级魔晶咱也不嫌弃，每样来个几百袋，我们不嫌少。”
Wang Ye likes this kind of straightforward person, and he is not polite, so he opened his mouth and said: "Since you say so, in order not to disturb your conscience, then first bring a hundred leaves of the Tree of Life, and the rest, you can look at it, it is best to have high-grade medicinal herbs and high-grade alchemy materials, if not, we will not dislike high-grade magic crystals, and we will have hundreds of bags of each, we are not too little." ”
痞子精灵，还有其他或明或暗的精灵战士们：“……” Ruffian elves, and other elven warriors, light and dark: "......"
痞子精灵噗嗤笑出来，伸手就揉了揉王小叶的脑袋瓜：“我说你小子，还真不懂什么是客气啊。张口就是一百枚生命之树的树液，你怎么不干脆让我砍一根生命之树的树枝给你？”
The ruffian elf sneered, and reached out and rubbed Wang Xiaoye's head: "I said you kid, you really don't know what politeness is." Opening your mouth is the sap of a hundred trees of life, why don't you just ask me to cut a branch of the tree of life for you? ”
王叶立马抬头：“真的，你愿意砍一根生命之树的树枝给我？”
Wang Ye immediately raised his head: "Really, are you willing to cut a branch of the Tree of Life for me?" ”
“滚蛋！”痞子精灵轻敲王叶脑袋，转跟看起来比较靠谱的雷木商量他们的“谢意”去了。
"Fuck off!" The ruffian elf tapped Wang Ye's head, and then discussed their "gratitude" with Lei Mu, who seemed to be more reliable.
谁想这个混血也不是个好相与的，一点都没有混血看到纯种的尊敬和崇拜，更没有多少同族情意，报价那个狠哪！
Who thinks that this hybrid is not a good match, there is no mixed race to see the respect and worship of purebreds, and there is not much affection for the same race, and the quotation is so ruthless!
痞子精灵到后来都耍赖了，嚷嚷说我以为你们是好人来着，哪想到你们就是把小精灵当做交易，要是让小家伙知道该有多伤心云云。
The ruffian elves later played tricks, shouting that I thought you were good people, but I thought you were trading the elves, and how sad it would be to let the little ones know.
王叶翻白眼，半点不客气地回：“金宝还没出生，我就跟他叮嘱了一万遍，让他将来一定要报答我们。金宝还发誓了，如果他的族人不报答我们，将来就是他卖身给我们当牛做马，至少一百年。你选择吧！”
Wang Ye rolled his eyes and replied unceremoniously: "Jinbao was not born yet, so I told him ten thousand times that he must repay us in the future." Jinbao also swore that if his people did not repay us, he would sell himself to us as cattle and horses for at least a hundred years. The choice is yours! ”
痞子精灵认认真真地说：“小孩，你没有刚才可爱了。”
The ruffian elf said seriously, "Kid, you're not as cute as you just now. ”
王叶呵呵：“兄嘚，你也没有刚才说得那么大方。” Wang Ye hehe: "Brother, you are not as generous as you just said." ”
不等痞子精灵反应，王叶又痛心疾首道：“原来你们精灵族对恩人都是这么小气的吗？你们这样小气，以后就算有人无意中得到精灵卵，谁还愿意花莫大代价去孵化它，更在孵化后把小精灵好好地送回来？”
Without waiting for the ruffian elves to react, Wang Ye said bitterly: "It turns out that your elf clan is so stingy with your benefactors? You are so stingy, even if someone inadvertently gets an elf egg in the future, who is willing to spend a lot of money to hatch it, and even send the elf back after hatching? ”
王叶扭头对雷木说：“哥，我们不要报酬了，回去我们就把这事好好跟人宣扬宣扬，就说精灵族都是一群忘恩负义的白眼狼。”
Wang Ye turned his head to Lei Mu and said, "Brother, we don't want to be rewarded, let's go back and publicize this matter to others, just say that the elves are a group of ungrateful white-eyed wolves." ”
雷木捏住王小叶的嘴巴，让他不要再火上浇油。 Lei Mu pinched Wang Xiaoye's mouth and told him not to add fuel to the fire.
痞子战士还好，其他精灵战士看模样都很想揍王叶一顿。
The ruffian warriors are okay, and the other elf warriors look like they want to beat Wang Ye.
雷木指指天空：“天黑了，还要继续为了这点报酬争论下去吗？”
Lei Mu pointed to the sky: "It's dark, do you want to continue arguing about this reward?" ”
痞子战士叹息：“好吧，一百枚三级魔晶，十枚四级魔晶，外加两枚生命之树树叶。树叶真的不能再多了，这东西对于我们精灵族都是宝贝，其实族里最多只能给你一枚，还有一枚是我个人曾经得到的奖励。”
The ruffian warrior sighed, "Alright, one hundred third-level magic crystals, ten fourth-level magic crystals, plus two Tree of Life leaves. There really can't be more leaves, this thing is a treasure for our elf clan, in fact, the clan can only give you one at most, and one is the reward I have personally received. ”
“队长！”有精灵战士焦急，显然不同意这个报酬。 "Captain!" There were elven warriors who were anxious, apparently not agreeing to the reward.
痞子战士摆摆手，就冲小家伙被养得那么好，两枚生命之树树叶也值得，虽然他心疼得滴血。
The ruffian warrior waved his hand, and he was so well raised that the two leaves of the Tree of Life were worth it, although he was dripping blood in distress.
“给了生命之树树叶和魔晶，其他就没有了。没有药材，没有材料，没有魔兽肉，什么都没有！”痞子战士斩钉截铁地道。
"Give the Tree of Life leaves and crystals, and nothing else. No herbs, no materials, no monster meat, nothing! "The ruffian warrior is categorical.
王叶算了算账，觉得基本持平，就勉强同意了：“行吧，这么小气，以后我就算孵化了精灵，也不会再送回来，我要留着他们给我当牛做马，哼哼！”
Wang Ye calculated the accounts and felt that it was basically the same, so he reluctantly agreed: "Okay, so stingy, even if I hatch elves in the future, I won't send them back, I want to keep them for me to be cattle and horses, hum!" ”
其他精灵战士都把王叶当小孩，压根没把他的话当真。 The other elven warriors all treated Wang Ye as a child, and they didn't take his words seriously at all.
可雷木知道，小叶子说这话可半点玩笑的意思都没有。 But Lei Mu knew that Xiao Yezi didn't mean to joke at all.
最终王叶和雷木获得了两枚被装在水晶盒中的生命之树树叶，魔晶则是装在特别的魔兽兽皮袋中，这种袋子不是空间道具，但能遮掩住魔晶的能量不外泄。
In the end, Wang Ye and Lei Mu obtained two Tree of Life leaves that were packed in the crystal box, and the magic crystal was packed in a special monster skin bag, which was not a space prop, but it could cover the energy of the magic crystal and not leak out.
树叶也不知被摘下来多久了，但仍旧翠绿，传出的生命力也异常旺盛。
I don't know how long it has been since the leaves were plucked, but they are still verdant and vibrant.
王叶心里暗赞这可真是好东西。上辈子，他也打过这东西的主意，可惜，在寄生虫族把精灵族地攻破并占领后，生命之树就再也没有消息，而精灵族手上的树叶更是用一张少一张，都是当命和孵化后代的宝贝，谁求也不会给。
Wang Ye secretly praised this in his heart, this is really a good thing. In his previous life, he also had the idea of this thing, but unfortunately, after the parasite Zerg broke through and occupied the elven land, there was no news of the tree of life, and the leaves in the hands of the elves were even less than one piece, all of which were destined and hatched offspring's treasures, and no one would ask for it.
“嗨，两小家伙，我叫树雨，以后你们要是再过来，直接在这里喊我的名字。”痞子战士对他们挥手。
"Hey, two little guys, my name is Shuyu, if you come back in the future, call my name directly here." The ruffian warriors waved at them.
王叶摆摆手：“我，王叶，我哥雷木，回见~” Wang Ye waved his hand: "I, Wang Ye, my brother Lei Mu, see you later~"
一群精灵战士目送两人离开了无尽森海。 A group of elven warriors watched the two leave the Endless Forest Sea.
王叶和雷木走远时，隐约听到精灵战士们提了一句：“今年送幼崽回来的好人不少啊，以前我族有那么多精灵卵流落出去吗？”
When Wang Ye and Lei Mu walked away, they vaguely heard the elf warriors mention: "There are a lot of good people who sent the cubs back this year, did there be so many elf eggs in my clan before?" ”
“可能跟那事有关吧。” "Maybe it has something to do with that."
之后的对话就变得模糊，很快就一点声息都没有了。 The rest of the conversation became fuzzy, and soon there was no sound at all.
王叶猜测那群精灵战士应该回去了精灵族地。 Wang Ye guessed that the group of elven warriors should go back to the elven land.
雷木直到驾驶魔板飞过黑河，才把王叶分给他的一枚生命之树树叶送进了精灵空间。
It wasn't until Lei Mu flew across the Black River with the magic board that he sent a Tree of Life leaf that Wang Ye had given him into the elven space.
他没敢在精灵族面前使用精灵空间，怕被认出来。 He didn't dare to use the elven space in front of the elven clan, for fear of being recognized.
而金宝曾被小叶子逼迫发过誓，绝不把两人的异常之处说出去，就算对父母和精灵王也不准说。这所谓的异常之处自然包括虫巢、精灵空间、地球物品等等。
And Jin Bao was forced by Xiao Yezi to swear that he would never say anything about the abnormalities of the two, even to his parents and the Elf King. This so-called anomaly naturally includes worm nests, elven space, earth objects, and so on.
王叶也把生命之树树叶送到了虫巢中，他本来想把树叶送入钟乳洞，但想到那里还藏着一个疯药王残魂，怕对方偷吃，就把生命之树树叶放入了保鲜室。
Wang Ye also sent the leaves of the Tree of Life to the hive, he originally wanted to send the leaves into the stalactite cave, but he thought that there was still a remnant soul of the mad medicine king hidden there, and he was afraid that the other party would steal it, so he put the leaves of the Tree of Life into the fresh-keeping room.
可他刚生出这个念头，生命之树树叶竟然不顾他的意愿，一头扎进了那座远古巨兽心脏所化的小山中。
But as soon as he had this thought, the leaves of the Tree of Life plunged headlong into the hill where the heart of the ancient beast had been transformed, despite his wishes.
王叶：“……” Wang Ye: "......"
当他察觉树叶就藏在山体中，并没有消失，就暂时不管了，反正他暂时还用不上这叶子。
When he realized that the leaves were hidden in the mountains and had not disappeared, he left them alone for the time being, and he didn't need them for the time being.
“还挺顺利的。”王叶感叹。 "It's going well." Wang Ye sighed.
雷木：“是啊。精灵族似乎也不难处。” Remu: "yes. The elves don't seem to have a hard time. ”
王叶轻哼：“那是现在。” Wang Ye snorted lightly: "That's now." ”
雷木以为王叶是指精灵族看他们送小精灵回去的份上，才会对他们和颜悦色，就没多想。
Lei Mu thought that Wang Ye meant that the elf clan would be kind to them for the sake of seeing them send the elves back, so he didn't think much about it.
王叶吐气，他也算是在三个月内把金宝儿送回了精灵族地，但系统还没反应，显然还有条件未达成，那就是金宝儿还没有回到金精灵族地，只能再等等。
Wang Ye exhaled, he could be regarded as sending Jin Bao'er back to the elf clan within three months, but the system had not yet responded, obviously there were still conditions that had not been met, that is, Jin Bao'er had not returned to the golden elf clan land, so he could only wait.
不过那些精灵战士单只为了不耽误小精灵的发育，应该也会很快就把金宝送去金精灵族地，王叶想。
However, just to not delay the development of the elves, those elf warriors should also send Jinbao to the Golden Elf clan land soon, Wang Ye thought.
金宝儿一觉醒来，眼睛还没睁开，嘴里就开始“皮卡叽、皮卡叽”的哼唧。
As soon as Jin Bao'er woke up, before her eyes opened, her mouth began to hum "pickup, pickup".
通常他这么一叫，小光他们就会飞过来，给他带来好喝又营养的虫蜜水。
Usually when he calls like this, Xiaoguang and they will fly over and bring him delicious and nutritious insect honey water.
有时候雷木爸爸也会给他送好吃的，不是热牛奶，就是奶糕一类，上次还给他喂了好吃的面条。
Sometimes Lei Mu's father will also bring him delicious food, either hot milk or milk cakes, and last time he fed him delicious noodles.
金宝儿睁开眼睛，四只小爪子抠着地面，伸了个长长的懒腰。
Jin Bao'er opened her eyes, four small paws scratching the ground, stretching a long lazy waist.
啊~这一觉睡得好舒服。 Ah~ I slept so comfortably this night.
小叶子爸爸虽然老欺负他，但还是很心疼他哒，他只不过装得有一点点虚弱，小叶子爸爸就把他特别宝贝的无垢洗髓液拿出来了。
Although Xiao Yezi's father always bullied him, he still felt very sorry for him, he just pretended to be a little weak, and Xiao Yezi's father took out his special precious innocent marrow washing solution.
金宝儿才不会告诉两个爸爸，他已经觊觎那洗髓液很久了。
Kimbell wouldn't tell the two fathers that he had coveted the selotion for a long time.
对了，这是哪里？ By the way, where is this?
金宝儿扭头东看西看。 Kimbell turned her head to look east and west.
这好像是一个窝，但窝里不止有他，还有另外一个生命体。
It seems to be a nest, but there is not only him in the nest, but there is another living being.
旁边一条黑色的手指长肥虫子向他靠过来，还对他发出嗲兮兮的叫声。
A fat bug with black fingers leaned over to him and screamed at him.
这是谁？两个爸爸难道又养了一只精灵？ Who's this? Did the two dads raise another elf?
他怎么不知道？！ How did he not know?!
金宝儿出奇愤怒，他才出生多久，两个爸爸就这么迫不及待地孵化出了第二胎了吗？
Jin Baoer was surprisingly angry, how long has he been born, and the two fathers can't wait to hatch a second child?
他都那么装乖了，太过分了！ He's pretending to be so good, it's too much!
肥虫子靠过来，脑袋还试图蹭向他的脑袋。 The fat bug leaned over and tried to rub its head against him.
金宝儿忽然感到体内能量似乎有点向外跑，二话不说，跳起来，压住那条肥虫子就是一顿暴捶。
Jin Bao'er suddenly felt that the energy in her body seemed to be running out a little, and without saying a word, she jumped up and suppressed the fat worm is a violent beating.
四只小爪子抓抓挠挠，嘴巴啃下去，呸呸呸，太难吃了！
Four little paws scratching and scratching, gnawing down on the mouth, baba
金宝儿用自己的体型优势完美压倒了那条肥虫子，一脚把抽嗒个不停的肥虫子踹到一边，迅速向窝边上爬去。
Kimbella used her size advantage to perfectly overwhelm the fat bug, kicked the crumbling fat bug to the side, and quickly crawled to the edge of the nest.
“皮卡叽！皮卡叽！”爸爸们啊，家里来了一条坏虫子！他欺负我~~
"Pickup! Pickup! "Daddy, there's a bad bug in the house! He bullied me~~
“爸~叽~” "Dad~Twitter~"
无视自己才是赢家的金宝儿已经含着眼泪全身心都做好了告状准备，他要把那条破虫子给踢出他们的家！
Ignoring that she was the winner, Kimbella was ready to sue with tears in her eyes, and he was going to kick that broken worm out of their house!
第122章 千木之毒不是毒 Chapter 122: The Poison of a Thousand Trees Is Not Poison
“呜哇——！” "Wow——!"
王叶挖挖耳朵。 Wang Ye digs and digs out his ears.
雷木看向他：“怎么了？” Reimu looked at him, "What's wrong?" ”
王叶摇头，不确定地道：“我好像听到了金宝的嚎哭声，挺惨的。”
Wang Ye shook his head and said uncertainly: "I seem to have heard Jinbao's howl, it's quite miserable." ”
说着挺惨，王叶却嘿嘿笑起来。 said that it was very miserable, but Wang Ye laughed.
雷木忽然停下魔板：“坏了，我忘记把你给金宝做的饼干交给那些精灵战士转交了。”
Lei Mu suddenly stopped the magic board: "It's broken, I forgot to hand over the cookies you made for Jinbao to those elven warriors." ”
“算了，就那么点东西，以后那小坑货回了精灵族地，好东西肯定多的是。”
"Forget it, just order something, in the future, the small pit will be returned to the elf land, and there will definitely be a lot of good things."
“那不一样，你等等，我马上回来。”雷木说完就掉头回去了无尽森海。
"That's different, you wait, I'll be right back." After Lei Mu finished speaking, he turned around and went back to the Endless Forest Sea.
王叶无奈，只好跟着雷木一起回去。 Wang Ye had no choice but to go back with Lei Mu.
到了无尽森海边缘，雷木呼唤树雨的名字，这次很快就有精灵战士跑出来，不过不是树雨本人。
Arriving at the edge of the Endless Forest Sea, Lei Mu called out Shu Yu's name, and this time an elven warrior quickly ran out, but not Shu Yu himself.
雷木把那袋饼干拿出来，委托精灵战士转交给金宝。 Remu took out the bag of biscuits and entrusted the elven warrior to hand it over to Jinbao.
精灵战士答应了。这也不是什么麻烦事，只要检查过这里面的东西对小精灵没有坏处，东西自然很快就会传到小精灵手上。
The elven warrior agreed. It's not a hassle either, as long as you check that what's in it won't hurt the elf, the thing will naturally reach the elf quickly.
王叶看那么小一个袋子，揉揉鼻子，掏出两个用白色无字纸盒装的新鲜切块蛋糕，以及两袋去掉外包装的牛初乳粉。
Wang Ye looked at such a small bag, rubbed his nose, and took out two freshly cut cakes in a white wordless carton, as well as two bags of colostrum powder with the outer packaging removed.
想了想，又拿出几瓶治疗幼儿常见病的药丸，比如打虫药什么的，小崽儿抓什么都敢往嘴里填，肚子里会生虫子很正常，写上使用说明，装在袋子里，也都交给精灵战士，请他转交。
After thinking about it, he took out a few bottles of pills for the treatment of common diseases of young children, such as insect medicine or something, the little cub dares to fill his mouth with anything, it is normal for there to be worms in his stomach, write instructions for use, put them in a bag, and hand them over to the elf warrior and ask him to hand them over.
雷木见此，索性让王叶把金宝儿平时喜欢玩的玩具都装在一个大袋子里，全都交给了精灵战士。
Seeing this, Lei Mu simply asked Wang Ye to put all the toys that Jin Bao'er usually likes to play with in a big bag, and handed them all over to the elf warriors.
精灵战士哭笑不得，但也感动两人对小精灵的疼爱，答应一定会把这些东西都送到。
The elven warrior couldn't cry or laugh, but he was also touched by the love of the two for the elf, and promised to deliver all these things.
王叶和雷木互看，忽然就觉得有点空空落落的。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu looked at each other, and suddenly felt a little empty.
王叶一点都不想承认他已经开始想念那个小坑货，“木木，我们回家。”
Wang Ye didn't want to admit at all that he had begun to miss that little pit, "Mumu, let's go home." ”
“好。”雷木也把思念之情压下，让金宝儿回到族地才是对他最好的。
"Okay." Lei Mu also suppressed his longing, and it was best for him to let Jin Bao'er return to the clan land.
当王叶和雷木在虫巢中再次出现，疯药王再也忍不住，飘到两人面前，保持了一个较为安全的距离，开口：
When Wang Ye and Lei Mu reappeared in the worm nest, the Mad Medicine King couldn't hold back any longer, floated in front of the two, kept a relatively safe distance, and spoke:
“我用千木之毒的解药配方换取一瓶养魂液。” "I exchanged the antidote formula of the Thousand Trees Poison for a bottle of soul nourishing liquid."
一瓶的容量如果不是特指，在药界一般指十毫升，大约两个普通矿泉水瓶盖子的容量。
If the capacity of a bottle is not specifically referred to, it generally refers to ten milliliters in the pharmaceutical world, which is about the capacity of two ordinary mineral water bottle caps.
王叶冷笑：“做梦！” Wang Ye sneered: "Dream! ”
十毫升？贝贝给他最多一次的养魂液都没有超过三毫升，这老家伙竟然开口就敢要这么多。
Ten milliliters? The most soul nourishing liquid Bei gave him at most was not more than three milliliters, and this old guy dared to ask for so much when he opened his mouth.
“你不想解毒了吗？”疯药王急。 "Don't you want to detoxify?" The mad medicine king is anxious.
“顶多一滴，多了没有。”王叶摆出不谈判的架势。 "One drop at most, no more." Wang Ye put on a posture of not negotiating.
“我可以教导你。虽然你有了那本书，但有人教导的效果和自己看书的效果，我相信你知道哪种更好。我也不可能把我所有的知识都写到书上，有些小技巧就属于只能意会无法言传，需要手把手传递才能搞清楚。”
"I can teach you. Although you have that book, the effect of someone teaching and the effect of reading the book yourself, I believe you know which is better. I can't put all my knowledge into a book, and some tips can only be understood but not spoken, and I need to pass them on by hand to figure it out. ”
“就凭你这个把自己搞疯的家伙？”王叶满脸不屑，“谁知道你教我的是不是正确知识，如果我被你带的走上歪路怎么办？”
"Just you guy who drove yourself crazy?" Wang Ye's face was full of disdain, "Who knows if what you taught me is the correct knowledge, what if I am led down the wrong path by you?" ”
疯药王快要气炸了，当年多少人求着他收徒和指点，他都没放在眼里，如今他主动说要指导，这小兔崽还看不上！
The mad medicine king was about to explode, how many people begged him to accept apprentices and give advice, but he didn't pay attention to it, and now he took the initiative to say that he wanted to guide, this little rabbit cub still can't look down on it!
“那你让我出去！我自己出去想办法。”疯药王吼叫。 "Then you let me out! I'll go out and figure it out on my own. The Mad Medicine King roared.
王叶：“不行，你现在是我的囚徒。” Wang Ye: "No, you are now my prisoner." ”
“我跟你拼了！”疯药王狂扑过来。 "I'll fight with you!" The Mad Medicine King pounced.
雷木一把拉开王叶，迅速切换成魔族血脉。 Lei Mu pulled Wang Ye away and quickly switched into the demon bloodline.
状若疯狂的疯药王倏地刹住扑势，他已经模糊的脸孔出现惊奇的神情：“你不是人族……你的灵魂，你是魔族？”
The mad medicine king stopped the momentum suddenly, and his already blurred face showed a look of surprise: "You are not a human race...... Your soul, you are a demon? ”
疯药王迅速往后退，众所周知魔族可是专吃灵魂的，就他这个快要消散的灵魂还不够人一口吸的。
The Mad Medicine King quickly retreated, as we all know, the demon race specializes in eating souls, and his soul that is about to dissipate is not enough for people to suck in one bite.
王叶挑眉。这老家伙不愧是只差一步就能踏入药圣境界的人，就算死了，那眼力和见识也十分厉害。
Wang Ye raised his eyebrows. This old guy is worthy of being a person who is only one step away from stepping into the realm of the Medicine Saint, and even if he dies, his eyesight and knowledge are also very powerful.
王叶反过来拉住雷木，好奇地问疯药王：“魔族灵魂和人族灵魂有什么区别？你怎么看出来的？”
Wang Ye in turn grabbed Lei Mu and asked the Mad Medicine King curiously, "What is the difference between the soul of the demon race and the soul of the human race?" How can you tell? ”
疯药王像是在思考什么，没有马上回答王叶。 The Mad Medicine King seemed to be thinking about something, and did not answer Wang Ye immediately.
王叶也不会干等着，拉着雷木回去小楼。 Wang Ye didn't wait either, and pulled Lei Mu back to Xiaolou.
过了一会儿，疯药王似乎想通了什么，跟着飘到小楼，可到了小楼，他却发现自己进不去，他被主人阻挡了。
After a while, the Mad Medicine King seemed to have figured out something, and followed him to the small building, but when he arrived at the small building, he found that he couldn't get in, and he was blocked by his master.
疯药王没办法，把脸贴在窗户玻璃上，对里面打手势示意。
The Mad Medicine King couldn't help it, so he pressed his face against the window glass and gestured inside.
雷木看向窗户，幸好他和小叶子都是胆子比较大的人，否则冷不丁看到自家窗户上贴着一张扁平变形的脸，非得吓抽不可。
Lei Mu looked at the window, fortunately he and Xiao Yezi were both bold people, otherwise Leng Buding would have been frightened to see a flat and deformed face pasted on his window.
“让他进来吗？他身上应该还有不少价值，可以榨一榨。”雷木背对着疯药王说道。
"Let him in? There should still be a lot of value in him, and he can squeeze it. Lei Mu said with his back to the Mad Medicine King.
王叶走到窗前，唰地把窗帘拉上：“我们先吃饭休息，等明天早上再说。”
Wang Ye walked to the window and closed the curtains: "Let's eat and rest first, and wait until tomorrow morning." ”
雷木忍笑。 Raimu smiled.
啊啊啊！这个小混蛋！疯药王用力拍打窗户，但他拍不出声音。
Ahhh This little bastard! The Mad Medicine King banged the window, but he couldn't make a sound.
当晚入睡时，王叶收到系统提醒，表示他送金宝回金精灵族地的任务顺利完成，得到了一万点经验值奖励。
When he fell asleep that night, Wang Ye received a system reminder that his mission of sending Jinbao back to the Golden Elf Clan was successfully completed and he was rewarded with 10,000 experience points.
同时他的玩家等级也从二十级升到了二十一级。 At the same time, his player level has also been increased from twenty to twenty-one.
王叶翻身坐起，有点睡不着了。 Wang Ye turned over and sat up, a little unable to sleep.
胡乱抓了抓头发，王叶抱起枕头就奔向隔壁卧室。 Grabbing his hair indiscriminately, Wang Ye picked up the pillow and ran to the next bedroom.
另一头。 The other end.
逃跑不成，被抓住后强行从土系精灵族地传送到金系精灵族地的金宝儿成了一个忧郁的小宝宝，谁跟他说话都不理。
Unable to escape, Jin Bao'er, who was forcibly teleported from the land of the earth elves to the land of the gold elves after being caught, became a melancholy little baby, and no one talked to him and ignored him.
他不相信两个爸爸真的把他“卖”掉了，但他又知道这是真的。
He didn't believe that the two dads had really "sold" him, but he knew it was true.
小叶子爸爸一直念叨着要用他跟精灵们换好处，现在这个愿望终于给他达成了。
Xiao Yezi's father has been talking about using him and the elves in exchange for benefits, and now this wish has finally been fulfilled for him.
金宝好气，又特别伤心，但气愤伤心之余，他也明白爸爸们送他回家才是对他最好最负责的行为。
Jinbao was angry and very sad, but in addition to being angry and sad, he also understood that it was the best and most responsible behavior for his fathers to send him home.
但还是好气啊！ But it's still so angry!
皮卡叽！他想看动画片，想吃蛋糕，想吃面条，想喝虫蜜水，想睡在雷木爸爸的怀里，想和小光它们玩，呜呜，他还没有来得及爬到小叶子爸爸的头顶做窝，他的精灵生不完美了……
Pickup! He wants to watch cartoons, he wants to eat cakes, he wants to eat noodles, he wants to drink insect honey water, he wants to sleep in the arms of Daddy Leimu, he wants to play with Xiaoguang them, woo, he hasn't had time to climb to the top of Daddy Xiaoyezi's head to make a nest, his elf is not perfect......
两个混蛋爸爸，别想用这点东西就打发掉他！ Two bastard dads, don't try to get rid of him with this little thing!
金宝儿趴在一个对他的身形来说相当巨大的袋子上，咔嚓一口咬碎嘴里的小饼干，又一脚把爬过来的精灵幼崽踹开。
Kimbell lay on a bag that was quite large for his size, and with a clatter, she bit down on the small biscuit in her mouth, and kicked the elven cub away from the crawling elf cub.
他才不稀罕和这些愚蠢的幼崽玩耍，他金宝儿可是见过无数世面（动画片和刑侦连续剧）的大宝宝了！
It's not uncommon for him to play with these stupid cubs, and he's a big baby who has seen countless worlds (cartoons and criminal investigation series)!
还来？这些讨厌的家伙，打西你们！ Still coming? These nasty guys, hit you guys!
忧郁的金宝儿仗着自己比其他幼崽都身强体壮？成了育幼园里的一霸，其他小精灵都不敢靠近他，更不敢随便动他的东西，敢动那真的是要闹出大事。
The melancholy Kimbella is stronger than the other cubs? became a tyrant in the nursery, and the other elves didn't dare to approach him, let alone touch his things casually, daring to move it was really going to make a big deal.
次日早上，虫巢内。 The next morning, inside the hive.
身影又淡了一分的疯药王已经无力表达他的愤慨，他躲在小楼的阴影下，当看到那一大一小两个混蛋走出来时，他的神情极为淡然。
The mad medicine king, whose figure had faded a little, was no longer able to express his indignation, he hid in the shadow of Xiaolou, and when he saw the two bastards, one big and one small, coming out, his expression was extremely indifferent.
“药典上之所以没有千木之毒的解毒配方，那是因为它的解毒配方已经含在其中。”
"The reason why there is no detoxification formula for the poison of a thousand trees in the pharmacopoeia is because its detoxification formula is already contained in it."
雷木和王叶一起停下脚步，看向坐在屋檐下的疯药王。 Lei Mu and Wang Ye stopped together and looked at the Mad Medicine King sitting under the eaves.
疯药王神情平和，脸上看不到一丝疯狂的影子。 The Mad Medicine King's expression was calm, and there was no trace of madness on his face.
“千木之毒其实是我的作品，在我刚踏入药王之境时，我觉得我无所不能，想要创造出一种别人都无法做出来的药剂。实际上，千木之毒并不是毒药，对我来说，研究毒药的药师是最无能的，因为破坏总是比修复简单。”
"The Poison of a Thousand Trees is actually my work, and when I first stepped into the realm of the Medicine King, I felt that I could do anything, and I wanted to create a potion that no one else could make. Actually, the poison of a thousand trees is not a poison, and for me, the pharmacist who studies the poison is the most incompetent, because it is always easier to destroy than to repair. ”
“研究出毒药不算什么，能研制出大幅度提高身体素质，甚至改变生命形态的药物，那才是本事。千木之毒就是这样一种药剂，它破坏资质的过程其实是一种打破重组的过程。”
"It's nothing to research out poisons, but to be able to develop drugs that greatly improve physical fitness and even change life forms, that's the ability. The poison of a thousand trees is such an elixir, and the process of destroying its qualifications is actually a process of breaking and reorganizing. ”
雷木讶然。 Lei Mu was surprised.
王叶：“你这话总算有点药王的水准了。” Wang Ye: "What you said is finally a bit of the level of the King of Medicine." ”
疯药王轻哼：“小鬼，尊敬点，吾不仅仅是药王，在吾死前吾就已经是药圣。”
The Mad Medicine King snorted lightly: "Little ghost, respect, I am not only the Medicine King, I was already a Medicine Saint before I died." ”
“哦。”王叶仍旧没有表达出半点尊敬之意。 "Oh." Wang Ye still didn't show the slightest respect.
疯药王也懒得端架子，他一辈子狂妄率性，想怎样就怎样，也不是很在乎一些表面的礼仪和尊重。他有绝对的实力，也有绝对的自信让所有人跪拜他。
The Crazy Medicine King is also too lazy to put up a fight, he has been arrogant and reckless all his life, he can do whatever he wants, and he doesn't care very much about some superficial etiquette and respect. He has absolute strength and absolute self-confidence to make everyone bow down to him.
雷木看王叶不肯说软话，疯药王也不愿意低头，局面就要僵持住，心中微微一叹，开口道：“余生药圣，您刚才说千木之毒不是毒，那么为什么大家都说这是无解的十大奇毒之一？”
“那是因为他们蠢。”疯药王傲然道。
雷木耐着性子继续问：“千木之毒之所以被传成无解之毒，必然是有不少人死在这种奇毒之下，如果它不是毒药，为什么会这样？”
“因为他们水平不到家。当年某些人听说我研究出了一种可以改善资质乃至生命形态的魔法药剂，就来求，我跟他们说这种药不能轻易用，他们不相信，就找人把我从家中骗走，偷走了我不少药物，其中就有千木之毒。之后千木之毒就流传了出去，但偷药的人不知道这就是他们求而不得的改善资质的宝药，只把它当做毒药害人，一群蠢货白痴，暴殄天物！”
雷木不解：“如果千木之毒不是毒药，怎么会吃死人？”
疯药王满脸都是嘲讽：“补药吃过头也会死人。就因为某些人不会吃，把自己吃死了，就把我的千木蜕变药剂叫成千木之毒，一群没见识的蠢货。”
雷木：“那要怎么吃，才是正确吃法？”
疯药王目光扫过王叶：“小鬼，我刚才说了，你们口中所谓的千木之毒的解药配方就在你脑中那本药典之中，只要你能找到正确吃法，等你‘解开’千木之毒，你的体质包括资质不但会大幅度提高，更会万毒不侵，还有其他隐藏的好处。具体有什么好处，得看你途中要怎么吃，以及看你个人体质。每个人的身体都不一样，药效反应自然也会有细微不同。”
“万毒不侵？”王叶像是想到了什么，当即陷入沉思。
疯药王看王叶站在那里不动了，显然是想到了什么，忍不住轻哼。这小子在药学方面的天赋确实不一般，加上精神力强大，只要不中途夭折，说不定以后在药学方面的造诣不会比他弱。
疯药王虽然不是多惜才的人，但作为一个死掉的药圣，他当然不愿自己一生所学和所创就这么从世间消失。
虽然面前的小混蛋绝不是他理想中的弟子，更不讨喜，如果有选择，他绝不会选这个小王八蛋。
但他也清楚，找个弟子容易，但想要找到一个能完全继承他的药学理念，并把他创造的术法和药方等发扬光大的超级天才，却不是那么容易。
如果找传承弟子很容易，他也不至于到死都没有收下一个，就是因为他眼光太高。
王叶在精神力方面，勉强合格。
但想要做他的弟子，还得看他是否真的能明白千木之毒的秘密。
王叶这一沉思，就花了整整半个月时间。
这半个月，他一直处在思想和身体分离状态，雷木为了照顾他，也没有离开虫巢。
雷木喂他吃饭，他就张嘴吃。
雷木喂他喝水，他就张嘴喝。
上厕所是本能，但王叶坐在马桶上就不会起来，还要雷木把他抱出去。
洗澡、穿衣服，也都要人帮他。
半个月下来，疯药王的身影更淡。
雷木出去了一趟，在学校高价买了一瓶初级的精神核修复药剂，送给疯药王。
疯药王自然不会拒绝这份善意，虽然初级的精神核修复药剂对他效果不大，但好歹他不用再担心随时散魂。
时间一天天过去，眼看就要到报名日。
雷木已经做好开学即请假的准备。
好在王叶及时从深度沉思状态脱离出来。
“木木，辛苦你了。”王叶不是没知觉，只是无法分心。
雷木拍拍他，表示这没什么。
王叶感动，也就木木不嫌弃他，还愿意侍候他吃喝拉撒。
“你知道千木之毒是怎么回事了吗？”雷木问。
王叶点头，眼睛亮晶晶：“那老疯子说得没错，千木之毒的解药配方确实已经在药典之中。”
“怎么说？”
王叶哼唧：“那就是一个老混蛋，你听他说得好听，什么千木之毒不是毒，狗屎！”
他现在终于弄明白为什么那老疯子要使用千木之毒当做给亲传弟子的试炼，因为你想要研制这种毒的毒性，首先就得了解它的制作材料，也就是千种原材料的药性。
而你想要了解这千种原材料，就得先分析出千木之毒使用了哪千种药材。
想要正确分析出千种药物原材料，那不用说，分析者自然要对绝大多数的药材都熟悉无比，不说了解万种，你至少要了解六七千种吧。
了解少了，你就无法触类旁通。
等你把千木之毒使用了哪些原材料弄清楚，再研究它们的各种特点，再再研究它们彼此混合到一起会产生的种种变化，到把千木之毒彻底了解清楚，并制作出解药，这一整个过程，也差不多能把一个普通药师培养成药王了。
“千木之毒正确应该叫千层之毒，那老疯子所说的正确吃法，其实就是不断制作药物激发千木之毒的药效，进而改变自身的一个过程。”
“正解！”疯药王突然冒出来，这位已经是药圣的老疯子第一次用欣赏的目光看王叶：“看不出来，你小小年纪竟然能在这么短的时间内就明白了千木蜕变药剂的真正内涵。”
最重要的是看这小兔崽子的神色，他很可能已经抓到头绪，也就是知道如何下手了。
知道问题所在是一回事，但知道如何解决问题又是另一层面的事了。
王叶摆摆手：“小意思，想要难倒我，等你成为药神再说。”
疯药王噎住，妈的，这小兔崽子比他还狂妄。
王叶还不爽地瞥疯药王：“就这么点事，你早说啊。早说我也不用浪费这么长时间。”
疯药王：怒！你们给我时间说了吗？
雷木则是心知肚明，如果两人没有特意晾了晾这位疯药王，并且王叶是真不在乎这位，恐怕这位疯药王也不会主动说明此事。
知道千木之毒是怎么回事的王叶对疯药王的态度也略微软化了一些，而想要马儿跑，就不能不给马儿吃草，王叶就又去骚扰养魂贝，付出十枚三级魔晶的代价讨要到了一点点养魂液，大约只有一毫升的量。
疯药王亲眼看到养魂液有多难得手后，心头怒意也消散不少，也不再认为王叶小气。
After the Mad Medicine King saw how rare the soul nourishing liquid was, the anger in his heart also dissipated a lot, and he no longer thought that Wang Ye was stingy.
但这养魂液也真的是好东西，虽然只有那么两滴，但吸收后，他的魂体就凝实了不少，这下他是真不用担心自己再消散了。
王叶有了解决千木之毒的头绪，尤其还有万毒不侵这个诱惑在前面勾着他，等不及正式开学，下午就奔去了学校药园。
只有书面知识还不够，他得把实物和书面知识结合起来，总不能看到药材不知道那是什么东西，最主要的是他需要大量药材研究和练手。
买药材？那不要钱的吗？
他很穷的好吧！就跟贝贝换一点养魂液，看看就花掉多少魔晶了。
而想要彻底解决千木之毒，那以后要用的药材更海了去，前期还好，到了中后期，那些药材动辄都要用魔晶结账，把他卖了也买不起几根。
关键是他都已经考入学校了，不充分利用学校资源，那不是浪费吗？
可学校药园非常冷酷残忍地拒绝了他的实习要求。
第123章 推荐信、糖丸
“那我要怎么才能进入药园？”王叶坚持不懈地问。
药园负责人指了指墙上的入园须知：“看到没有，除了教学和教授带学生过来，就只有接了药园任务的学生才能进入药园。”
The person in charge of the medicine garden pointed to the instructions for entering the park on the wall: "See, except for the teaching and professors who bring students over, only students who have taken over the tasks of the medicine garden can enter the medicine garden." ”
“什么任务？我能接吗？” "What task? Can I pick it up? ”
“你是魔药学院的学生吗？” "Are you a student at Potions Academy?"
“不是。” "It's not."
“那你选择了药材培植学科吗？” "Then did you choose the discipline of medicinal herb cultivation?"
“……没有。” “…… No. ”
“你这也不是，那也不是，什么专业知识都没有，还想来接药园的任务？一边玩去，别来浪费我的时间，去去去。”药园负责人跟赶小鸡似的，不住挥手。
"You are not, you are not, you don't have any professional knowledge, and you still want to take over the task of the medicine garden? While playing, don't waste my time, go and go. The person in charge of the medicine garden kept waving his hand like chasing chickens.
“你可以考我，我对药材还是很熟悉的，也会照顾。”王叶尽力争取。
"You can test me, I'm still very familiar with medicinal herbs, and I will take care of them." Wang Ye tried his best to fight for it.
“你觉得我很闲？”负责人转身就走。他只看王叶只有这么点大，就不想让其进入药园，这么点小的学生进药园干嘛？拔草都要担心他是否会割到手。
"You think I'm idle?" The person in charge turned around and left. He only saw that Wang Ye was only so big, so he didn't want to let him enter the medicine garden, why did such a small student enter the medicine garden? When pulling weeds, you have to worry about whether he will cut his hands.
老顽固！王叶望着占地广大的药园流口水，可人家不让他进去，他也没办法，只能转头又去学校药材仓库。
Old stubborn! Wang Ye drooled as he looked at the vast medicine garden, but he couldn't let him in, so he had no choice but to turn around and go to the school's medicinal herb warehouse again.
“新生？还没正式入学？你被魔药学院录取了吗？” "Freshmen? Not officially enrolled yet? Were you accepted into Potions Academy? ”
“没有。” "Nope."
“那你是哪个学院的？” "And which house are you from?"
“杂学院，但我……” "Miscellaneous Academy, but I ......"
“先去好好上课，做任务不急，听话。”药材仓库管理人说得温和，门关得却极为迅速。
"Go to class first, don't be in a hurry to do the task, and be obedient." The manager of the medicinal herb warehouse said mildly, but the door closed extremely quickly.
王叶：“……”就不能实际考我一下吗！ Wang Ye: "......" can't you actually test me!
剩下来还能接触大量药材的地方就只有各位教授的研究室了。
The only place where you can touch a large number of medicinal herbs is the professor's laboratory.
但用膝盖想也知道，在他身怀千木之毒的情况下，那些教授就算会理睬他，也只是想要研究他，而不会“浪费时间”教导他。
But I knew on my knees that even if he was poisoned by a thousand trees, even if those professors would ignore him, they would just want to study him, and would not "waste time" teaching him.
就这样放弃？ Just give up?
那不可能！ That's impossible!
他王叶是这么容易退缩的人吗？ Is he Wang Ye a person who retreats so easily?
如果他上辈子就这点韧性，也不可能让师父慧眼识徒，更不可能后来者居上成为玩家中的大佬。
If he had this kind of tenacity in his previous life, it would be impossible for the master to recognize the apprentice, let alone become the boss among the players.
王叶决定放大招。 Wang Ye decided to amplify the move.
他去教学管理处找副校长了。 He went to the Vice-Principal in the Office of Teaching Management.
副校长很忙，但听说是王叶来找，还是给了他五分钟的时间。
The vice principal was very busy, but when he heard that Wang Ye was looking for him, he still gave him five minutes.
“校长好，请问上次杂货铺的事查得怎么样了？”王叶客气地问。
"Hello principal, how did you check the grocery store last time?" Wang Ye asked politely.
副校长嘴唇翘了翘，看一个小萝卜头装大人还是挺有意思的，当下指了指桌子前面的椅子，示意王叶可以坐下说。
The vice principal's lips curled, it was quite interesting to see a little radish head pretending to be an adult, and immediately pointed to the chair in front of the table, signaling Wang Ye to sit down and say.
王叶道谢，拉开椅子坐下。 Wang Ye thanked him, pulled out a chair and sat down.
“还在查，你说的那个监视之眼消失了两天，再出现时，我们的调查员想法弄坏了它，又主动帮助维修，但没有查出任何异常。”
"It's still investigating, the surveillance eye you mentioned disappeared for two days, and when it reappeared, our investigators broke it and took the initiative to help repair it, but nothing unusual was found."
王叶立刻道：“肯定是更换了，或者把检测资质的功能取消了。”
Wang Ye immediately said: "It must have been replaced, or the function of testing qualification was canceled." ”
“是有这个可能。”副校长放下魔法笔，看着对面的小孩说道：“至于你说的那个学生，为了不打草惊蛇，我们并没有把他控制起来，只是在暗中跟踪他。”
"It's possible." The vice principal put down the magic pen, looked at the child opposite and said, "As for the student you mentioned, in order not to startle the snake, we didn't control him, but just followed him secretly. ”
王叶眨眼：“你们发现对方的异常了，对吗？” Wang Ye blinked: "You have discovered each other's abnormality, right?" ”
副校长笑：“你反应倒快，是，我们的调查员确实发现了对方一些异常举动。”
The vice principal smiled: "You reacted quickly, yes, our investigators did find some unusual behavior on the other side." ”
“那我算是立功了吧？”王叶立即问道。 "Then I'm a meritorious person, right?" Wang Ye immediately asked.
副校长眯了眯眼：“你来就是想跟我讨学分的？” The vice principal narrowed his eyes: "You just want to ask me for credits?" ”
王叶火速摇头：“不不不，我来是想为学校做出更多贡献。奖励学分什么的，我相信学校自有一套评判规则，不需要我讨要，如果真应该是我拿的，学校一定会给我。”
Wang Ye quickly shook his head: "No, no, no, I came to make more contributions to the school." I believe that the school has its own set of evaluation rules, and I don't need to ask for it, if it should really be me, the school will definitely give it to me. ”
副校长：“……”要不是已经有人确定过这小子的灵魂没问题，他百分百会以为这小子也被夺舍了。试问哪个八岁的孩子能这么精明？
Vice Principal: "......" If someone hadn't already determined that this kid's soul was fine, he would 100% think that this kid had been taken away. What eight-year-old can be so shrewd?
“哦？你想做出什么贡献，说说看。” "Oh? What you want to contribute, tell me about it. ”
王叶对对手指，微羞涩地道：“我在入学前学过草药学，自认学得还不错，水平应该马马虎虎达到了中级药师水准，距离高级也不太远，我师父说再给我一点时间，我就能踏入高级药师行列。”
Wang Ye pointed to his fingers and said slightly shyly: "I studied herbology before entering the school, and I think I learned it well, and my level should have reached the level of an intermediate pharmacist, and it is not too far from the advanced, my master said that if I give me a little more time, I will be able to step into the ranks of senior pharmacists." ”
副校长：你吹，继续吹。 Vice Principal: You blow, keep blowing.
王叶端正坐姿，正经无比地说道：“我想进入学校药园和药材库房学习并实习，不论是培育药草、还是药材分拣，或者专业炮制药材，我都行，一般的新生绝对比不过我。如果我进入学校药园和药材库房，其他不敢说，但这两个地方的工作效率一定会比以前高，能高多少不知道，但最少能超过百分之十。”
Wang Ye sat upright and said solemnly: "I want to enter the school's medicine garden and medicinal materials warehouse to study and practice, whether it is cultivating medicinal herbs, or sorting medicinal materials, or professionally concocting medicinal materials, I can do it, and ordinary freshmen are definitely not comparable to me." If I enter the school medicine garden and the medicinal herb warehouse, I dare not say anything else, but the work efficiency of these two places will definitely be higher than before, I don't know how much it can be, but it can at least exceed 10%. ”
副校长：“……” Vice Chancellor: "......"
王叶看副校长不为所动，只好拿出杀手锏：“我也不知道自己为什么会被人下千木之毒这种绝毒，我自认我和我哥也没有这么大的价值。那么唯一可以想到的原因，就是有人知道我天赋超绝，必定会被录取，所以提前对我下手，一来让学校少个天才，二来说不定是对学校的挑战。”
Wang Ye saw that the vice principal was unmoved, so he had to come up with a killer idea: "I don't know why I was poisoned by a thousand trees, and I think that my brother and I don't have such a great value." Then the only reason that can be thought of is that someone knows that I am extremely talented and will definitely be admitted, so they will attack me in advance, first, to make the school less talented, and second, it may be a challenge to the school. ”
王叶满脸悲戚地说：“我是为学校牺牲的，可我还是一心一意为学校着想，看到落难的学生就帮忙，看到可疑的学生就上报给学校，我这么为学校呕心沥血，可我却因为资质被毁，再也无法进入心爱心念的魔药学院，如今甚至连最喜欢的药园和药材库房都把我排斥在外，而我将来会越来越糟糕，再也无法为学校做贡献，可我多么想要在仅剩下的有生之年为学校……”
Wang Ye said with a sad face: "I sacrificed for the school, but I still think about the school wholeheartedly, I help when I see students in distress, and I report to the school when I see suspicious students, I work so hard for the school, but because my qualifications were destroyed, I can no longer enter the Potions Academy that I love for me, and now even my favorite medicine garden and medicinal herb warehouse have excluded me, and I will get worse and worse in the future, and I will no longer be able to contribute to the school, but how much I want to ...... for the school in my remaining life"
“停！”副校长败给这个小家伙了。 "Stop!" The vice-principal lost to the little guy.
简直就没有人比他更能扯了，还为学校呕心沥血，他差点笑场好吗。
There is simply no one who can talk more than him, and he has worked hard for the school, he almost laughed.
“我可以让你进入学校药园和药材库房，但我让你过去是帮忙的，如果你在里面捣乱，或者做出其他不适宜的事情，两处的负责人要赶你离开，我可不会帮你说情。懂？”
"I can let you enter the school medicine garden and the medicinal herb storehouse, but I asked you to help in the past, if you make trouble inside, or do other inappropriate things, the person in charge of the two places wants to drive you away, I won't intercede for you. Understand? ”
“懂！校长大人您放心，小的一定好好干活好好学习，天天向上不落人后！”王叶拍拍小胸脯，做下保证。
"Understood! Principal, don't worry, the little ones must work hard and study hard, and they will not fall behind every day! Wang Ye patted his little chest and made a guarantee.
副校长莞尔，摇摇头，写了两封推荐函，递给小孩，挥挥手，示意他可以走了。
The vice principal, shook his head, wrote two letters of recommendation, handed them to the child, and waved his hand to signal that he could go.
看到王叶起身，又叫住他：“有教授想要研究你身上的千木之毒，他们找了你好一阵都没找到，有教授给你宿舍留了信件，你没看到吗？”
Seeing Wang Ye get up, he stopped him again: "There is a professor who wants to study the poison of a thousand trees on your body, but they have been looking for you for a while but have not found it, and a professor has left a letter in your dormitory, haven't you seen it?" ”
王叶：“啊，我都和我哥住一个屋。” Wang Ye: "Ah, I live in the same room with my brother. ”
副校长：“……记得回信，不要浪费那些教授的好意。”
Vice Chancellor: "...... Remember to reply and don't waste the kindness of those professors. ”
“好的好的！”只要学分给得多，什么都好说。 "Okay, okay!" As long as the credits are given more, it is easy to say anything.
王叶拿着推荐函，再次跑到药园。 Wang Ye took the letter of recommendation and ran to the medicine garden again.
药园负责人看完推荐函，上上下下仔仔细细把王小叶打量了三遍。
After reading the recommendation letter, the person in charge of the medicine garden carefully looked at Wang Xiaoye three times.
王叶挺起胸膛，任对方看。 Wang Ye puffed up his chest and let the other party look at it.
药园负责人：“你是副校长的亲戚？” The person in charge of the medicine garden: "You are a relative of the vice principal?" ”
王叶眨眨眼，狡猾地道：“我可没这么说。” Wang Ye blinked and said slyly, "I didn't say that. ”
药园负责人心里有数了（？），脸色不是很好地说：“进来不准捣乱，好好跟学长们学习，这边一半药园都有魔药学院培植科的学生专门负责，还有一半是学校的专业培植师在负责。不管是谁，只要有超过三个人投诉你，你就只能离开药园，不管你是谁的亲戚。明白？”
The person in charge of the medicine garden has a good idea (?) His face was not very good, and he said: "Don't make trouble when you come in, learn from the seniors well, half of the medicine garden here is in charge of the students of the Potions Academy's cultivation department, and half of them are the school's professional cultivators." No matter who it is, as long as there are more than three people complaining about you, you can only leave the medicine garden, no matter whose relatives you are. Got it? ”
王叶狂点头。 Wang Ye nodded wildly.
药园负责人招手让王叶跟他进办公室，拿了一本颇有厚度的药园工作须知丢给他：“回去好好看，里面的内容都要记熟，敢有违反，先记过，后开除出药园，严重情况就是开除学籍也有可能。”
The person in charge of the medicine garden beckoned Wang Ye to follow him into the office, and took a thick copy of the medicine garden work instructions and threw it to him: "Go back and take a good look, you must memorize the content in it, dare to violate it, demerit it first, and then expel from the medicine garden, and in serious cases, it is possible to be expelled from school." ”
“好的好的。” "Okay, okay."
王叶边走边翻看这本须知，发现除了工作要求和药园规定以外，竟然还写了不少初级的药草培植知识。
Wang Ye flipped through this manual as he walked, and found that in addition to the work requirements and regulations of the medicine garden, he also wrote a lot of elementary knowledge of medicinal herb cultivation.
这些知识有的是他学过的，有的他也是第一次见。 Some of this knowledge he had learned, and some of it was the first time he had seen it.
他师父说得没错，学海无涯，不管你学到什么程度，只要注意观察，你就会发现还有更多新知识没有学过。
His master is right, there is no end to learning, no matter how much you learn, as long as you pay attention to observe, you will find that there are more new things that you have not learned.
王叶又来到药材库房。 Wang Ye came to the medicinal herb warehouse again.
库房管理人看完信件，也上下打量了一番王叶，问：“你有底子？”
After reading the letter, the warehouse manager also looked Wang Ye up and down, and asked, "Do you have a foundation?" ”
王叶点头。 Wang Ye nodded.
“进来，我先考考你，如果你能认出一百种药材，就可以留下。否则不管谁写的推荐信都没用。”库房管理人看起来很好说话，实际是最不好说话的类型。
"Come in, I'll test you first, and if you can recognize a hundred kinds of medicinal herbs, you can stay. Otherwise, it doesn't matter who writes the letter of recommendation. "The warehouse manager seems to be very talkative, but he is actually the most difficult type to talk.
王叶半点不怕考试，自信满满地跟进去了。 Wang Ye was not afraid of the exam at all, and followed up confidently.
库房不是一间，而是一片，有点像是码头集装箱仓库群，不过这里没有集装箱，全都是一栋栋连在一起的库房。
The warehouse is not one, but a piece, a bit like a group of container warehouses at the wharf, but there are no containers here, all of them are connected warehouses.
还有单独的库房，和单独的药材分拣处。 There is also a separate warehouse, and a separate sorting place for medicinal herbs.
库房管理人把王叶带到药材分拣处，那里正叠放着大量箱子。
The warehouse manager took Wang Ye to the herb sorting place, where a large number of boxes were stacked.
这些都是刚买进来的药材，需要经过初步分拣才能进入仓库归类。
These are freshly purchased medicinal materials that need to be preliminarily sorted before they can be sorted into the warehouse.
库房管理人指着地上一个挨一个的箩筐，淡淡道：“我指到哪个，你就告诉那一筐的药材叫什么名字，如果能说出用途更好。现在开始。”
The warehouse manager pointed to the baskets on the ground one by one, and said lightly: "Whichever one I point, you can tell the name of the basket of medicinal materials, if you can say the purpose, it would be better." Start now. ”
王叶也立刻回答：“瓜蒌，晒干的天瓜，可用于治疗便秘，以及清热败火等。”
Wang Ye also immediately replied: "Melon, sun-dried heavenly melon, can be used to treat constipation, as well as clear heat and defeat fire. ”
库房管理人手指指向另一个箩筐。 The warehouse keeper pointed to another basket.
“地肤子，取果实晒干，可治疗皮肤瘙痒和湿疹等。” "The fruit is dried and can treat itchy skin and eczema."
库房管理人挑眉看了看王叶，又指向第三框。 The warehouse manager raised his eyebrows and looked at Wang Ye, and then pointed to the third frame.
“透骨消，取植株地上部分，可治疗跌打损伤等。” "Through the bones, take the aboveground part of the plant, which can treat bruises, etc."
库房管理人的手指的速度微微加快。 The speed of the treasury manager's fingers quickened slightly.
王叶一个个看过去，也一个个把药名报出来，遇到不能确定的，他就伸手拿起一块施展鉴定术。
Wang Ye looked over one by one, and also reported the names of the medicines one by one, and when he was uncertain, he reached out and picked up a piece to perform the identification technique.
库房管理人也并不禁止他拿起药物观察和嗅闻，很多药材跟原样相差极大，而很多药材又外形接近，就是再熟练的药师也不可能什么药材看一眼就知道那是什么。
The warehouse manager did not prohibit him from picking up the medicine to observe and smell, many medicinal materials were very different from the original, and many medicinal materials were similar in appearance, even no matter how skilled the pharmacist was, it was impossible for him to know what the medicinal materials were at a glance.
“追风使，取根部外皮，可强筋壮骨。” "Chasing the wind, taking the outer skin of the roots, can strengthen the muscles and bones."
“雷丸，菌核，杀虫用。” "Thunder pills, sclerotia, insecticidal."
“九孔螺，用壳不用肉，清肝明目……” "Nine-hole snails, use shells without meat, clear the liver and eyes......"
库房管理人手指速度越来越快。 Treasury managers are getting faster and faster.
可王叶的辨认速度也没怎么慢下来。 But Wang Ye's recognition speed didn't slow down much.
直到库房管理人指向另一间仓库里的魔力药材，这就是王叶的弱项了。
Until the warehouse manager pointed to the magic medicinal materials in the other warehouse, this was Wang Ye's weakness.
库房管理人也发现了这点，又转回另一间普通药材的分拣房。
The warehouse manager also found out about this and turned back to another sorting room for common medicinal materials.
等到库房管理人负手而立，王叶都记不得自己到底辨识了多少种药材。
By the time the warehouse manager stood up, Wang Ye couldn't remember how many kinds of medicinal materials he had identified.
“可以了。明天报名，后天开学，你明天报完名就过来。过来以后，你找一个叫巴尼的助手，他会告诉你要你做什么。”
"That's it. Sign up tomorrow, start school the day after tomorrow, and come over tomorrow after you sign up. When you come here, you get an assistant named Barney, and he will tell you what he wants you to do. ”
“好的。” "Okay."
库房管理人等王叶一离开，就回到办公室用水晶球和副校长联系上了。
As soon as Wang Ye left, the warehouse manager returned to the office and used the crystal ball to contact the vice principal.
“你推荐了一个叫王叶的新生过来。” "You recommended a freshman named Wang Ye to come over."
“是啊，他有什么问题吗？如果你不满，过一段时间你可以找个理由……”
"yes, what's wrong with him? If you're not satisfied, you can find a reason to ...... after a while."
“我没说不满。我是奇怪他竟然没有被魔药学院预订录取，现在魔药学院录取新生的要求已经这么高了吗？”库房管理人只看到王叶木牌，就知道了他的基本信息。
"I didn't say I was dissatisfied. I'm surprised that he wasn't booked to be admitted to the Potions Academy, and now the requirements for admitting new students to the Potions Academy are already so high? "The warehouse manager only saw Wang Yemu's card, and he knew his basic information.
副校长苦笑，“那孩子有点特殊，这事本来不应该传扬开，不过那孩子到了你那边，有些事让你心里有个数也好，他……”
The vice principal smiled bitterly, "That kid is a bit special, this thing shouldn't have been spread, but when that kid came to you, there are some things that make you have a number in your heart, he ......"
王叶并不知道他中毒的事又要多一个人知道，不过他知道也不会在乎，他只要能进入这两个能让他省钱的好地方，周围人会怎么看他，他半点不介意。
Wang Ye didn't know that there was another person to know about his poisoning, but he didn't care if he knew, as long as he could enter these two good places that allowed him to save money, he didn't mind what the people around him would think of him.
心情愉快的王叶刚回到宿舍，就在门口遇到了已经多次来找他、但没有找到他的俞希望。
As soon as Wang Ye, who was in a happy mood, returned to the dormitory, he met Yu Hope at the door, who had come to him many times but had not found him.
“你是王叶对吗？”俞希望一看到王叶就扑了过来。 "You're Wang Ye, right?" Yu Hope pounced as soon as he saw Wang Ye.
金精灵族地，育儿园。 Golden Elf Clan Land, Nursery School.
鼎云第十八次把快爬出围墙的金宝儿抓住，送回内园。 For the eighteenth time, Dingyun grabbed Jin Bao'er, who was about to climb out of the wall, and sent him back to the inner garden.
“这小东西又跑出去了？厉害了，这都第几次了？他是怎么溜出去的？”另一名成年精灵无比惊讶。
"This little thing ran out again? Awesome, how many times has this been? How did he sneak out? The other adult elf was amazed.
又一名负责照顾这些幼崽的年轻精灵过来，还伸手轻轻戳了戳金宝儿的背部：“这小东西发育得怎么这么好？他不是在外面孵化的吗？怎么会比在族内孵化的都健康？”
Another young elf who was in charge of taking care of these cubs came over, and reached out and gently poked Kimbell's back: "Why is this little thing developing so well?" Didn't he hatch outside? How can it be healthier than those hatched in the clan? ”
“是啊，资质也优秀，就是太独，还一天到晚想逃跑。他想跑哪儿去？”
"Yes, the qualifications are also excellent, but they are too lonely, and they want to run away all day long. Where does he want to run? ”
“谁知道呢。也许是想去找他亲生父母？” "Who knows. Maybe he wanted to go to his biological parents? ”
“那也不用这么着急啊，族里不是已经安排丢失过精灵蛋的精灵们分批过来认子？只要发动血缘感应，小家伙很快就能找到他亲生父母了。”
"Then there's no need to be in such a hurry, hasn't the clan already arranged for the elves who have lost their elf eggs to come over in batches to recognize their sons? As long as the blood connection is activated, the little one will soon be able to find his biological parents. ”
鼎云看到金宝在听到父母这组字眼时，立刻精神地抬起头，但过了一会儿又趴下去，似乎不感兴趣了。
Dingyun saw that when Jinbao heard the words of his parents, he immediately raised his head energetically, but after a while, he lay down again, and seemed to be not interested.
奇怪的小东西。 Strange little things.
金宝觉得这些精灵才是奇奇怪怪的，他们给他这种小宝宝吃的东西也超级古怪！
Campbell thinks these elves are weird, and the things they give him to eat for a baby like this are super weird!
不管那些东西被他们说得如何可以促进幼崽生长，都逃不过一个事实：难吃！
No matter how much they say that they can promote the growth of their cubs, they can't escape the fact that they are unpalatable!
他想念他的蛋糕，就那么两小块，很快就给他吃没了，他把纸盒子都舔出洞洞了……
He missed his cake, just two small pieces, and soon it was gone for him, and he licked the cardboard box out of the hole......
还有那两袋奶粉，这些笨蛋精灵竟然不让他吃，说不适合他。他都吃了好多回，哪里不适合他了？
And those two bags of milk powder, these stupid elves didn't let him eat it, saying that it was not suitable for him. He's eaten it so many times, what's not for him?
唯一可以摆放的小饼干也在今天给他吃完了，他吃的速度好像是快了一点，本来想好一天就一块的，可是谁让小叶子爸爸烘烤出来的饼干超好吃，还超合他的口味，他吃了一块就忍不住，又吃了第二块，然后……他就不记得到底吃了多少块了，反正现在没有了……好伤心，皮卡叽~！
The only small biscuit that can be placed is also finished for him today, he seems to eat a little faster, originally thought that he would have a piece a day, but who made the biscuits baked by Xiao Yezi's father super delicious, and it was super to his taste, he couldn't help it after eating a piece, and ate the second one, and then ...... He couldn't remember exactly how many pieces he ate, but not now...... It's so sad, pickup~!
金宝在身下的大袋子里扒拉了一会儿，翻出一个小袋子，里面装着几个小瓶子，袋子里还有一张纸。
Jinbao tugged at the large bag under him for a while, and pulled out a small bag containing several small bottles and a piece of paper in the bag.
金宝完全忽视了那张纸，他还小，不认字很正常嘛。 Jinbao completely ignored the piece of paper, he was still young, and it was normal for him not to read.
金宝把那些小瓶子滚着玩了一会儿，实在忍不住，打开一个瓶子的塞子，从里面倒出一颗药丸，低头咻咻，啊呜一口吞了。
甜甜的，像糖丸一样，好吃~
金宝幸福得眯起眼睛。
可糖丸很快就吃完了，那就再来一颗吧~ But the sugar pill will be eaten quickly, so let's have another one~
一连吃完三颗，金宝再倒瓶子就倒不出来了。 After eating three in a row, Jinbao couldn't pour out the bottle again.
啊，又没了。 Ah, it's gone again.
金宝儿珍惜地瞅瞅另外几个小瓶子，舍不得打开，又把它们一一塞回小袋子里，装入大袋子深处。
Kimbell cherished a few other small bottles, reluctant to open them, and stuffed them back into the small bag one by one, and put them deep into the big bag.
那个没了糖丸的药瓶子就被他压在肚子下面当滚轮……他当然知道滚轮，他在动画片里看到过！
The pill bottle that was out of sugar pills was pressed under his stomach by him as a roller...... Of course he knows the wheel, he's seen it in cartoons!
金宝儿趴着滚轮，一路滚过来，一路又滚过去，玩得不亦乐乎。
Kimbella rolled on her stomach, rolling all the way over, all the way over, and having a lot of fun.
其他小精灵全都远远避开他，没一个敢靠近他。 The other elves all avoided him from a distance, and none dared to approach him.
金宝儿乐得一个人独占玩具，滚着瓶子横冲直撞。 Kimber was happy to monopolize the toy and go on a rampage with the bottle.
“咚！”金宝突然从瓶子上掉下来，小爪子垫在肚子下面放声大哭。
"Boom!" Campbell suddenly fell off the bottle, and cried loudly with his little paws under his stomach.
爸~叽~好疼啊，金宝儿的肚子好痛痛~~呜哇呜哇！ Dad~Chirp~ It hurts, Kimbell's stomach hurts so much~~ Woo wow woo wow!
金宝嚎啕大哭。 Jinbao cried.
育幼园正在照顾小精灵的成年精灵们不知道金宝发生了什么事，连忙奔了过来，纷纷询问金宝怎么了。
The adult elves who were taking care of the elves in the nursery didn't know what had happened to Jinbao, so they hurriedly rushed over and asked what was wrong with Jinbao.
金宝疼得打滚。 Jinbao rolled in pain.
鼎云变色，连忙抄起金宝就向外面跑，他要去找族里的药师。
Dingyun changed color, and hurriedly picked up Jinbao and ran outside, he was going to find the pharmacist in the clan.
刚跑到药师那边，还没把金宝放下，金宝就拉了。 As soon as he ran to the pharmacist's side, before he could put Jinbao down, Jinbao pulled it.
鼎云被拉了满手的便便，脸都变成便便色了。 Dingyun was pulled with a full hand of poop, and his face turned poop colored.
药师和来看病的人忍不住哄堂大笑。 The pharmacist and the people who came to see the doctor couldn't help but burst into laughter.
药师亲自走出来，笑着说：“小家伙是吃坏肚子了吧，我看看。”
The pharmacist himself walked out and said with a smile: "The little guy has a bad stomach, I'll take a look." ”
鼎云突然道：“不对！药师您看，这孩子拉出来的便便里面怎么有虫子在动？”
Ding Yun suddenly said: "That's not right! Pharmacist, look, why are there worms moving in the poop that this child pulls out? ”
其他精灵闻言吓了一跳，连忙凑过来看。 The other elves were startled when they heard this, and hurriedly came over to take a look.
一看，鼎云的手掌上真的有针尖大的白色小虫子在稀稀的便便里蠕动，数量还不少。
At a glance, there were really small white insects with the size of needles on Dingyun's palms wriggling in the thin poop, and there were quite a few of them.
“恶！”在场的精灵全都感到了强烈恶心。 "Evil!" All the elves present felt intensely nauseous.
药师也收起了笑脸，喊学徒助手：“快打盆水来，拿三个盆，多点水！”
The pharmacist also put away his smiling face and shouted to the apprentice's assistant: "Quickly get a basin of water, take three basins, and get more water!" ”
金宝儿还在拉，药师让鼎云把他单独放到一个盆里。 Jinbao'er was still pulling, and the pharmacist asked Dingyun to put him alone in a basin.
金宝儿看到自己拉出好多虫子，大惊失色，不断“皮卡叽、皮卡叽”地叫，过了一会儿就开始喊爸爸。
When Kimbell saw that she had pulled out a lot of bugs, she was shocked, and kept screaming "pickup, pickup", and after a while, she began to call her father.
雷木爸爸，小叶子爸爸，救命啊，宝宝生出了好多虫子，宝宝养不活这么多崽崽啊~皮卡叽~！
Daddy Lei Mu, Daddy Little Yezi, help, the baby has given birth to a lot of bugs, and the baby can't support so many cubs~Pikaji~!
其他精灵看金宝眼泪汪汪，只当他吓到了，忙安慰他，完全不知道金宝真实在愁什么。
The other elves saw Campbell's tears in their eyes, but when he was frightened, they hurriedly comforted him, and had no idea what Campbell was really worried about.
药师把鼎云手上的便便和虫子一起刮到另一个盆里，确定鼎云手上没有残留也没有任何伤口，才让他去洗手。
The pharmacist scraped the poop on Dingyun's hand into another basin along with the insects, and made sure that there were no residues or wounds on Dingyun's hands before letting him wash his hands.
鼎云不排斥精灵崽的便便，但他恶心那些白色小虫子，把手洗了一遍又一遍，还觉得浑身不舒服。
Ding Yun didn't reject the poop of the elf cubs, but he was disgusted with those little white bugs, washed his hands over and over again, and felt uncomfortable.
最后，鼎云干脆在药师这里洗了个药水澡，又把穿过来的衣服全烧了，从头到脚从里到外都换了一套新衣服。
In the end, Dingyun simply took a potion bath at the pharmacist's place, burned all the clothes that came through, and changed into a new set of clothes from head to toe and from the inside out.
外面，金宝儿已经停止拉肚子，药师学徒把金宝儿刷洗干净，把他单独放到一个干净盆里。
Outside, Kimbella had stopped having diarrhea, and the pharmacist apprentice scrubbed Kimbella clean and put him alone in a clean basin.
药师先检查金宝，看了半天只得出一个结论：“这小家伙很健康。”
The pharmacist examined Jinbao first, and after looking at it for a long time, he only came to one conclusion: "This little guy is very healthy." ”
药师又去查看那些虫子。精灵族也是肉体凡胎，每天也要进食食物，小崽儿肚子里偶尔也会生寄生虫。
The pharmacist went to check on the bugs again. The elves are also mortal creatures, and they also have to eat food every day, and the cubs occasionally have parasites in their stomachs.
但药师还是第一次看到这种寄生虫，他留了几只观察研究用，剩下的连同金宝儿的便便一起放火烧了。
But this was the first time the medicine man had seen the parasite, and he kept a few for observation and study, and set the rest on fire along with Kimbell's poop.
金宝呆：虫崽崽烧掉了，那我不用养了？也不用分食物和玩具给它们了？太好啦！
Jinbao: The insect cubs are burned, so I don't have to raise them? Don't have to give them food and toys anymore? Great!
看到鼎云出来，药师抬头询问：“小家伙吃了什么东西，怎么会拉出这么多虫子？”
Seeing Dingyun come out, the pharmacist looked up and asked, "What did the little guy eat, how could he pull out so many insects?" ”
鼎云也是一头雾水：“不知道啊，育幼园里的崽儿们吃得都是一样的东西。”
Dingyun was also confused: "I don't know, the cubs in the nursery eat the same thing." ”
药师和鼎云只好转过头又去问金宝。 The pharmacist and Dingyun had no choice but to turn their heads and ask Jinbao again.
金宝刚拉了一通，精神……半点不萎靡，相反拉了这一通，他竟然觉得浑身都轻松许多，之前他总觉得身体有点小不舒服，但他以为是换了新地盘，还不习惯育幼园生活的缘故。
Jinbao just pulled it through, and his spirit was ...... Not sluggish at all, on the contrary, he felt a lot more relaxed all over his body, before he always felt a little uncomfortable, but he thought it was because he had changed to a new territory and was not used to kindergarten life.
“小家伙，能告诉我，你之前有吃什么不干净的东西吗？”药师和蔼地问。
"Little one, can you tell me if you ate anything unclean before?" The pharmacist asked kindly.
金宝：“皮卡叽~” Jinbao: "Pikaji~"
药师一愣，转头问鼎云：“他怎么这么叫？” The pharmacist was stunned for a moment, then turned his head and asked Ding Yun: "Why is he called that?" ”
鼎云无奈：“他是从外面回来的，也不知道跟什么东西学的这种怪叫，让他改，他还不愿意。”
Dingyun was helpless: "He came back from outside, and he didn't know what to learn from this strange call, let him change it, he still doesn't want to." ”
“皮卡叽！”才不是怪叫。 "Pikachi!" It's not weird.
鼎云和药师联合问了半天，总算问清楚，金宝拉肚子之前吃了他外面的爸爸送给他的糖丸，一共三颗。
Dingyun and the pharmacist asked for a long time, and finally asked clearly, Jinbao ate the sugar pills given to him by his father outside before he had diarrhea, a total of three.
“这些该死的人类，真是太坏了，把幼崽送回来就送回来了，竟然还搞这种鬼！”鼎云恼怒。
"These damn humans, it's so bad, send the cubs back and send them back, and they still do this kind of ghost!" Dingyun was annoyed.
金宝大怒：“皮卡叽！皮卡叽！皮卡皮卡叽叽叽！”爸爸才不坏，爸爸最好，爸爸的糖丸帮宝宝赶走了肚子里的虫子！
Jinbao was furious: "Pikachi! Pickup! Pickup pickup twitter! "Dad is not bad, Dad is the best, Daddy's sugar pills help the baby get rid of the worms in the stomach!
药师让鼎云别急，先看看对方送来什么东西再说。 The pharmacist told Dingyun not to worry, and to see what the other party sent first.
鼎云快步飞奔回去，把金宝那个宝贝的大袋子拎到药师药庐。
Dingyun hurried back and carried Jinbao's big bag to the pharmacist's pharmacy.
金宝一看自己的全部财产都被鼎云拎过来，立刻就要跑过去维护自己的财产。
As soon as Jinbao saw that all his property was carried by Dingyun, he immediately ran over to protect his property.
可他小小一只，无论怎么挣扎都逃不出那个看着不大的金属盆，这竟然是一只专门关不听话宝宝的魔法盆。
But he is a small one, no matter how much he struggles, he can't escape the small-looking metal basin, which is actually a magic basin dedicated to disobedient babies.
鼎云把大袋子里的东西一样样拿出来，全都是一些在双月星也能买到，或者材质在双月星有的普通玩具。
Dingyun took out all the things in the big bag, all of which were ordinary toys that could be bought in Shuangyuexing, or made of Shuangyuexing.
掏到最底下，鼎云才摸出一个更小的袋子，从小袋子里倒出了几个药瓶，还有一张纸。
Digging into the bottom, Ding Yun found a smaller bag, and poured out a few medicine bottles and a piece of paper from the small bag.
第124章 开学和选课 Chapter 124 Opening and Course Selection
鼎云把药瓶放到药师面前，自然拿起那张纸看上面写了什么。
Ding Yun put the medicine bottle in front of the pharmacist, and naturally picked up the piece of paper to see what was written on it.
看到一半，鼎云表情就变成了无语加尴尬的双重奏。 Seeing half of it, Dingyun's expression turned into a double of speechlessness and embarrassment.
药师好奇：“纸上写了什么，我看看。” The pharmacist was curious: "What is written on the paper, I'll see." ”
鼎云默默地把纸张递给药师。 Dingyun silently handed the paper to the pharmacist.
药师迅速看完，又对照几个小瓶子上的标签颜色，也无语了。
The pharmacist quickly read it, and then compared the color of the labels on several small bottles, and was speechless.
药师助手也偷偷凑过去看，看完，同样神色古怪。 The pharmacist's assistant also secretly leaned over to look at it, and after reading it, he also looked strange.
几个成年精灵一起看向金属盆里的金宝儿，真是好运的小崽啊。
Several adult elves looked at Jinbao'er in the metal basin together, what a lucky little cub.
鼎云拿起那个空掉的小瓶子，语气温和地问金宝：“金宝儿，你之前吃的糖丸就是装在这个瓶子里的对吗？”
Ding Yun picked up the empty small bottle and asked Jin Bao in a gentle tone, "Jin Bao'er, the sugar pills you ate before were in this bottle, right?" ”
“皮卡叽！皮卡皮卡叽~！”当然！金宝急得叫，还有这些东西都是他的，赶紧还给他。
"Pickup! Pickup pickup~! "Of course! Jinbao was so anxious that he shouted, and these things were his, so hurry up and return them to him.
鼎云深吸气，抹抹脸：“抱歉，药师大人，是我们检查得不仔细，竟然没有注意到这袋子里还装了药丸。”
Ding Yun took a deep breath and wiped his face: "I'm sorry, Master Pharmacist, we didn't check carefully and didn't even notice that this bag contained pills. ”
药师也不知道该说什么好了，他拿起那个空药瓶，叹息：“原还以为是害我们精灵宝宝，结果人家爸爸是一片爱意和好意，这瓶子里装的九成就是纸上写的打虫药。幸好这位药师制作的药丸都是些常见药，对小孩子也没有什么伤害，哪怕不对症吃了也没事。”
The pharmacist didn't know what to say, he picked up the empty medicine bottle and sighed: "I thought it was harming our elf baby, but it turned out that the father of the family was a piece of love and kindness, and the nine achievements in this bottle were the insect fighting medicine written on the paper." Fortunately, the pills made by this pharmacist are all common medicines, and they are not harmful to children, even if they are not taken correctly. ”
鼎云羞愧：“是我们没查清楚。” Dingyun was ashamed: "It's because we didn't find out." ”
“背责的事先放到一边。”药师放下那张纸：“你先回去查查育幼园的小崽儿们是不是肚子里都有虫，有一个，其他也难说。这次也巧，我看那些虫子都还没长大，现在排泄出来，对崽儿们的身体也没什么伤害，等那些寄生虫再长大点，这些小崽可就要遭罪了。”
"Put aside the blame in advance." The pharmacist put down the piece of paper: "You go back first to check if the cubs in the nursery have worms in their stomachs, one of them, and the others are difficult to say." Coincidentally, I see that those bugs haven't grown up yet, and now they are excreted, and there is no harm to the bodies of the cubs. ”
鼎云满脸羞红，金宝回来已经快二十天，虫子才孵化就表示很大可能不是在外面染上的：“我马上就回去把宝宝们都送来检查。”
Dingyun's face was full of shame, it had been almost twenty days since Jinbao came back, and the insects had only hatched, indicating that it was very likely that they were not infected outside: "I will go back and send the babies for examination immediately." ”
“嗯，送过来也好，我这里东西齐全，有什么问题也能及时救治。”药师还特意摸了摸金宝的脑袋，感叹：“小家伙，你运气不错，错打错着，看来你在外面有一对真心疼爱你的养父母。等你长大了，有机会就去看看他们。”
"Well, it's okay to send it over, I have all the things here, and I can treat any problems in time." The pharmacist also deliberately touched Jinbao's head and sighed: "Little guy, you are lucky, you are wrong, it seems that you have a pair of adoptive parents who really love you outside." When you grow up, you can see them when you have the chance. ”
金宝猛地直起小身体：宝宝现在就要去看爸爸们！ Jinbao straightened up suddenly: the baby is going to see the dads now!
陨星魔法学校。 Falling Star School of Magic.
王叶卖了三颗泡澡丸给俞希望，并跟她再三说清楚，他制作的不是魔法药剂，只是普通药丸。
Wang Ye sold three bath pills to Yu Hope, and made it clear to her again and again that what he made was not a magic potion, but just an ordinary pill.
俞希望表示只要和前面给她姐的药丸是一样的，那就行。
Yu hoped that as long as it was the same pill as the pill she gave her earlier, it would be fine.
药丸肯定一样，王叶这种泡澡丸制作得比较多，他和雷木包括金宝儿甚至小光它们都经常使用，强身健体美容养颜，对身体温和无刺激。主药就是虫蜜，但稀释了很多很多，里面又配了不少其他药材。
The pills must be the same, Wang Ye makes a lot of bath pills, and he and Lei Mu, including Jin Bao'er and even Xiaoguang, often use them to strengthen the body, beautify and nourish the skin, and it is gentle and non-irritating to the body. The main medicine is insect honey, but it is diluted a lot, and there are a lot of other medicinal materials in it.
俞希望拿到药丸后也没立刻走，问王叶还有没有其他药物，说可以放在她姐的旅馆里代卖。
Yu Hope didn't leave immediately after getting the pills, and asked Wang Ye if there were any other medicines, saying that they could be sold in her sister's hotel.
俞希望也是出于感激，更是想结交王叶和他背后的药师，才会冒出这个心思。
Yu Hope was also out of gratitude, and even more wanted to befriend Wang Ye and the pharmacist behind him, so he came up with this thought.
她姐旅馆里有餐厅，餐厅里有个小柜台卖些旅客们会需要的杂七杂八的东西。
Her sister has a restaurant in the hotel, and there is a small counter in the restaurant that sells miscellaneous things that travelers will need.
王叶思考后觉得多条赚钱路子也不错，就把自己平时练手积累下来的一些药物连同使用说明一起交给俞希望。
After thinking about it, Wang Ye felt that it was not bad to have many ways to make money, so he handed over some of the medicines he had accumulated through his usual practice to Yu Hope along with the instructions for use.
俞希望见这些药物确实都是常用药，比如治疗拉肚子、头疼、发烧、流鼻涕、咳嗽、体寒、胃疼等等，还有佣兵们最常用的止血粉和止血绷带，和少量避蛇虫药。
Yu hoped to see that these drugs were indeed commonly used, such as treating diarrhea, headache, fever, runny nose, cough, body chills, stomach pain, etc., as well as the most commonly used hemostatic powder and hemostatic bandages for mercenaries, and a small amount of snake and insect medicine.
王叶还提供了药泥石膏绷带，但他也表明这东西使用需要一些技巧，最好能找药师帮忙。
Wang Ye also provided a medicated mud plaster bandage, but he also indicated that the use of this thing required some skill, and it was best to ask a pharmacist for help.
最后王叶又拿出五瓶药泥美容去疤痕膏，表示这东西价格要贵一点，因为用的材料好，用一瓶基本就能见效。
In the end, Wang Ye took out five bottles of medicinal mud beauty scar removal cream, saying that the price of this thing is a little more expensive, because the materials used are good, and one bottle can basically be effective.
俞希望见王叶拿出这么多药物，比起惊喜，更有点不知所措。
Yu wanted to see Wang Ye take out so many medicines, and he was a little overwhelmed than surprised.
虽然泡澡丸效果对她很不错，但这么多药是不是都有效就难说了，但出于对泡澡丸的信任，俞希望还是把这些药物全都收下，并表示会专门腾出一节柜台展示王叶的药物。
Although the effect of bath pills is very good for her, it is difficult to say whether all of these medicines are effective, but out of trust in bath pills, Yu Hope still accepts all these medicines, and said that he will set aside a section of counters to display Wang Ye's medicines.
俞希望也不担心赔本，因为王叶和她说好，这些都是放在旅馆里代卖，不用她们先付钱，卖出去以后按照一九分。
Yu Hope is not worried about losing money, because Wang Ye told her that these are all sold in the hotel, and they don't need to pay first, and after they are sold, they will be counted as 19 cents.
如此，就算这些药物卖不出去，她姐的旅馆也只是损失一节柜台的展出位置。
In this way, even if these drugs can't be sold, her sister's hotel will only lose a place on the counter.
王叶当然不会白白把这些药物交给俞希望，他当场和俞希望签订了一份正式契约。
Of course, Wang Ye would not give these medicines to Yu Hope in vain, and he signed a formal contract with Yu Hope on the spot.
次日，今年最后一天，大量新生过来报名，雷木和王叶自然也来了，交纳学费，领取校服，同时把代表学生身份的木牌正式更换成学生徽章。
The next day, on the last day of the year, a large number of freshmen came to sign up, and Lei Mu and Wang Ye naturally came, paid the tuition, received the school uniform, and officially replaced the wooden badge representing the identity of the student with the student badge.
除此之外，还有一件非常重要的事，就是分派宿舍。 In addition to this, there is another very important thing, which is the allocation of dormitories.
此时，今年的新生排名已经出炉，新生前三名的名字也被公布。
At this time, this year's freshman rankings have been released, and the names of the top three freshmen have also been announced.
雷木成绩不高，他的笔试成绩和实际炼金成绩都很一般，很多新生早就有底子，甚至已经拿到专业资格，雷木自然无法和这些学生相比，但他成绩也不差，位于中间。
Lei Mu's grades are not high, his written test scores and actual alchemy scores are very average, many freshmen have already had a foundation, and even have obtained professional qualifications, Lei Mu naturally can't compare with these students, but his grades are not bad, and he is in the middle.
在他选择炼金学院时，学校还特地询问他要不要选择魔法学院，走魔武攻击的路子。
When he chose the Alchemy Academy, the school also specially asked him if he wanted to choose the Academy of Magic and follow the path of demonic attack.
雷木最终还是选择了炼金学院，但他还会选修魔法学院的相关课程。
Thunderwood eventually chose the Alchemy Academy, but he would also take courses related to the Academy of Magic.
学校自然不会强迫学生改志愿，只是感到可惜，魔法学院的教授觉得雷木更适合做一名纯武力攻击的强大魔法师，而不是一名技术类魔法师。
Naturally, the school will not force students to change their will, but it is a pity that the professor of the School of Magic feels that Lei Mu is more suitable to be a powerful magician who attacks by force, rather than a technical magician.
王叶以为自己成绩肯定要垫底，没想到成绩公布后，他竟然排在第三名。
Wang Ye thought that his results would definitely be at the bottom, but he didn't expect that after the results were announced, he would be ranked third.
原本他应该能排到第一，但第一第二的资质都达到了九等，另外就是他的实践考核分数太低，拉了后腿。但因为他笔试成绩太高，比第一第二名都高出很多，所以综合下他还是排在了第三名。
Originally, he should have been able to rank first, but the qualifications of the first and second have reached the ninth level, and his practical assessment score is too low, so he is holding back. But because his written test score was too high, much higher than the first and second places, so he still ranked third in the overall situation.
新生第三名竟然被分到杂学院的九班，这事一时被传成新闻。
The third freshman was assigned to the ninth class of the miscellaneous college, which became news for a while.
尤其这王叶还是个名人，就在大半个月前还闹出偷窃的不名誉事件，但最后那家店主出来澄清说是他冤枉了该新生，还对该新生做了赔偿。
Especially this Wang Ye is still a celebrity, and there was a dishonorable incident of stealing just half a month ago, but in the end, the shopkeeper came out to clarify that he wronged the new student and compensated the new student.
出于对未成年的保护，报纸上并没有写出王叶的名字，就是照片也是侧脸，还遮挡住了眼睛。
Out of the protection of minors, Wang Ye's name was not written in the newspaper, even the photo was a side face, and his eyes were covered.
但一些消息灵通的陨星学校新老生还是从各个渠道打听到小贼的身份，他们原本以为这个新预备生要倒霉了，九成会被剥夺录取资格，没想到最后人啥事没有，还得到了三百多金币的赔偿。
But some well-informed new and old students of Meteorite School still found out about the identity of the thief from various channels, they originally thought that this new prospect student was going to be unlucky, and ninety percent would be deprived of admission qualifications, but they didn't expect that in the end, there was nothing to do, and they also got more than 300 gold coins in compensation.
如今又爆出他是新生第三名，学校学生们还没来得及说学校肯定包庇了他，就看他被分入了杂学院九班，顿时又纷纷说那偷窃事件还是影响到了王叶，哪怕那店主澄清了。
Now that it was revealed that he was the third freshman, the school students didn't have time to say that the school must have shielded him, so they saw that he was classified into the ninth class of the miscellaneous college, and suddenly said that the theft incident still affected Wang Ye, even if the shopkeeper clarified.
王叶就在别人羡慕又同情的目光中，拿到了第三名的宿舍钥匙。
Wang Ye got the third place dormitory key in the envious and sympathetic eyes of others.
前三名和优秀的老生一样，住的都是独栋小屋。 The top three, like the excellent old students, live in single-family cottages.
而且独栋小屋区分别位于各大学院后方，从距离上来看，要比其他学生宿舍都近，只这点就足够让学生们羡慕，早上可以多睡一会儿了。
Moreover, the single-family cottage area is located at the back of each college, which is closer than other student dormitories in terms of distance, which alone is enough to make students envious and sleep a little longer in the morning.
但独栋小屋距离食堂比较远，这是唯一不好的地方。不过很多住独栋小屋的学生都在自己屋子里开火，去不去食堂倒也无所谓。
But the detached cottage is far from the canteen, which is the only bad place. However, many students who live in single-family huts have fires in their own houses, and it doesn't matter if they go to the cafeteria or not.
有些家里富裕或比较有实力的新生，还能带一名侍从侍候自己，那更是不用烦恼吃饭的事。
Some wealthy or more powerful freshmen can also bring an attendant to wait on them, so they don't have to worry about eating.
但能带侍从的学生只有年级前三或者被学校特许住在独栋小屋区的学生。
However, the only students who can bring attendants are the top three students in their grade or those who have been allowed by the school to live in the single-family cottage area.
学校的宗旨很明显，你想要享受可以，但你必须有那个实力，否则你就老老实实自己照顾自己。要么你就滚出学校，在外面住宿。
The purpose of the school is obvious, you can enjoy it, but you have to have that strength, otherwise you will be honest and take care of yourself. Either you just get out of school and live outside.
这也就导致很多家庭富裕的学生，如果没能住进独栋小屋都不好意思说出自己的家境底细，怕被人耻笑他们没实力还炫耀。
This also leads to many students from wealthy families, if they fail to live in a single-family cottage, they are embarrassed to tell their family background, for fear of being ridiculed for their lack of strength and showing off.
王叶对于住不住独栋小屋无所谓，他最高兴的是他收到了一年份的食堂免费券。
Wang Ye didn't care if he couldn't live in a single-family cottage, he was happiest that he received a free canteen coupon for one year.
凭借这张免费券，他可以在食堂随便吃，不管吃多少，都不用交费。只是免费劵买来的食物不能外带，还必须吃完，浪费会有惩罚。
With this free coupon, he can eat as much as he wants in the cafeteria, no matter how much he eats, without having to pay for it. It's just that the food bought with the free coupon can't be taken out, and it must be eaten, and there will be a penalty for waste.
但就算这样，王叶也很满足了，他已经发觉他的食量越来越大，而且普通食物已经不能满足他，他需要能量更充足的食物。
But even so, Wang Ye was very satisfied, he had already found that his appetite was getting bigger and bigger, and ordinary food could no longer satisfy him, he needed food with more energy.
他被分配的独栋小屋位于杂学院后方的林子里。 The detached cottage he was assigned was located in the woods behind the miscellaneous college.
林子不算疏密，但各个小屋之间都有树木相隔，隐私性相当高。
The forest is not too dense, but there are trees separating each hut, and the privacy is quite high.
小屋门前门后还有小院子，不少学生都在院子中种了药草或其他植物。
There is also a small yard behind the front door of the hut, and many students have planted herbs or other plants in the yard.
杂学院旁边就是炼金学院，雷木没去交宿舍费，他以照顾年幼弟弟的名义，住进了王叶的独栋小屋。
Next to the Miscellaneous Academy is the Alchemy Academy, Lei Mu didn't pay the dormitory fee, he lived in Wang Ye's single-family cottage in the name of taking care of his young brother.
学校对此也没有任何意见，尤其是知道王叶中了千木之毒的教职工，还庆幸幸好王叶还有个哥哥愿意照顾他。
The school didn't have any opinion on this, especially the faculty and staff who knew that Wang Ye had been poisoned by a thousand trees, and they were glad that Wang Ye still had an older brother who was willing to take care of him.
小屋不大，上下两层加起来只有一百五十平左右，没有地下室，据说第一名的小屋自带一个很大的地下室。二楼是两个带卫浴的卧室，一楼有客厅和厨房，其他空房间看你怎么利用。
The hut is not big, the upper and lower floors add up to only about 150 square meters, there is no basement, and it is said that the first hut has a large basement. On the second floor are two en-suite bedrooms, on the first floor there is a living room and kitchen, and the other empty rooms are up to you.
王叶和雷木大致看了看小屋，也不打算做什么改变，反正这个小屋对他们来说就是做个样子，他们主要还是生活在虫巢空间中。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu looked at the hut roughly, and they didn't plan to make any changes, anyway, this hut was just a look for them, and they mainly lived in the hive space.
一月一日，新年第一天，陨星魔法学校正式开学。 On January 1st, the first day of the new year, the Falling Star School officially opened.
新入生和老生们分学院一起站在广场上听校长发表演讲。
New students and old students stood in the square together to listen to the president's speech.
王叶抬眼望过去，只见乌泱泱一片，这人数绝对超过五千。
Wang Ye raised his eyes and looked over, only to see a black man, this number definitely exceeded five thousand.
实际上陨星学校的新老生加起来超过万数，每年开学，并不是所有老生都能赶回来，不少老生都在外面做任务，还有老生埋头做研究，也不会为了开学典礼就跑出来。
In fact, there are more than 10,000 new and old students in the Meteorite School, and not all the old students can rush back when the school starts every year, many old students are doing tasks outside, and some old students are immersed in research, and they will not run out for the opening ceremony.
陨星魔法学校有个特点，就是只有开学典礼，没有毕业典礼。
One of the characteristics of the Falling Star School of Magic is that there is only an opening ceremony, not a graduation ceremony.
不是说陨星的学生无法毕业，而是中途离开学校的学生很多，有些学生未到九年就达到初级魔法师水准后，觉得在学校再也无法提升，也无法获得进一步深造的机会，就会离开学校。
It's not that Meteorite's students can't graduate, but there are many students who leave the school halfway, and some students leave the school before they reach the level of a junior magician before they reach the level of a junior magician, and they feel that they can't improve in school anymore and can't get a chance to further their education.
也有学生达到最长九年的教学时间，仍旧只是魔法学徒，或者什么专业资格都没有取到，也会被学校劝退。
There are also students who have reached a maximum of nine years of teaching, but are still only apprentices in magic, or have not obtained any professional qualifications, and will also be dissuaded from the school.
但并不是所有学生在满了九年或达到初级魔法师水准后就会离开学校，有部分优秀学生会被学校留下，这些学生有的成了学校的助教和工作人员，有的则不知所踪。
However, not all students leave the school after completing their ninth year or reaching the level of a junior magician, and some of the best students are left behind by the school, some of these students become teaching assistants and staff members of the school, and some are missing.
但这些不知所踪的学生往往会在数年或十数年后再次冒出，那时他们的成就都不低。
But these nowhere students often reappear years or decades later, when their achievements are not low.
这让学校一直有个传说，很多学生都认为学校还有个内校，是更高层次的学生才能前往的地方。
This has always been a legend in the school, and many students believe that the school also has an inner school, which is a place that only higher-level students can go to.
站在杂学院新生中的王叶感觉到不少人在偷偷观察他，他很淡定，新生前三名，他又被破天荒地分到杂学院九班，肯定会被关注。
Wang Ye, who was standing among the freshmen of the Miscellaneous College, felt that many people were secretly observing him, he was very calm, among the top three freshmen, he was unprecedentedly assigned to the ninth class of the Miscellaneous College, and he would definitely be concerned.
但学校功课繁忙，杰出人物繁多，他相信要不了几天就不会有人再多关注他。
But with a busy school schedule and a lot of outstanding people, he believed that no one would pay more attention to him in a few days.
实际上也是如此，开学典礼结束，各个学院的学生都在忙着选课。
In fact, the opening ceremony is over, and students from various faculties are busy choosing courses.
预先住进学校的新生们这时已经对学校各课程甚至各科教授都已经心中有数，要选什么课也基本都做好了选择。
At this time, the new students who have moved into the school in advance already have a good idea of the courses and even the professors of each subject, and they have basically made a choice of what courses they want to choose.
王叶因为途中陷入学术思考，没能好好了解这个学校的课程，他干脆打算按照自己的需要和喜好选课。
Wang Ye was caught up in academic thinking on the way and couldn't understand the curriculum of this school well, so he simply planned to choose courses according to his needs and preferences.
“学弟！小兄弟！”几名高年级学长拨开人群，挤到王叶面前。
"Brother! Brother! Several senior seniors pushed through the crowd and squeezed in front of Wang Ye.
王叶正要去找雷木，被这些人挡住，只好停下来问：“有什么事吗？”
Wang Ye was about to go to find Lei Mu, but was stopped by these people, so he had to stop and ask, "Is there something wrong?" ”
“学弟不记得我们了吗？我们是魔食学科的，马上就要选课了，特地来……”
"Don't you remember us? We are from the Devil Food discipline, and we are about to choose a course, so we are here to ......."
“你走开！不会说话一边去。”一名学长堆出无比热情的笑脸，上前一把抓住王叶的手，殷切地道：“学弟啊，学长一看你就是能把魔法食物一门发扬光大的超级天才，我们魔食学科也就需要你这样的超级天才，只要你主修我们魔食学科的课，以后你就是我们魔食学科罩着的，我们学科的魔法厨房随便你用，材料也随便你用，不要学分哦~”
"You go away! Won't talk while going. A senior put on an extremely enthusiastic smile, stepped forward and grabbed Wang Ye's hand, and said earnestly: "Senior, senior looks at you as a super genius who can carry forward the magic food, and our magic food discipline also needs a super genius like you, as long as you major in our magic food discipline, you will be covered by our magic food discipline in the future, the magic kitchen of our discipline is as you like, and the materials are also as you like, don't take credits~"
王叶心动，不要学分，材料还能随便用，听起来好棒。而且魔食和魔药其实也有很多共通之处，药膳就是其中之一。
Wang Ye is excited, no credits, the materials can be used casually, it sounds great. And magic food and potions actually have a lot in common, and medicinal diet is one of them.
“你们这些混蛋，又来忽悠新同学。”又有几个学长冒出来，强行挤开魔食学院的，挤到王叶面前。
"You bastards, you're fooling your new classmates again." A few more seniors came out and forcibly squeezed out of the Demon Food Academy and squeezed in front of Wang Ye.
“学弟啊，我一看你就是学习魔画的天才，你想不想画什么就能出现什么？你想啊，你要是学习其他学科，比如魔食，你辛辛苦苦做一堆东西，还不一定能吃。但只要你能画出来，那就能变出实物，这种能力是不是超级棒？”
"Junior brother, I see that you are a genius who learns magic painting, you can paint whatever you want? You think, if you study other subjects, such as magic food, you work hard to make a bunch of things, and you may not be able to eat them. But as long as you can draw it, you can conjure up real things, isn't that great? ”
王叶眼睛亮了，这不是神笔马良的能力吗？原来魔画还能这样玩？那我是不是缺什么药材，画画就能得到？
“你们别胡说八道了！魔画学科的学生想达到画什么就有什么的程度，根本就是传说。实际上你们只能迷惑人！”
“谁说我们只能迷惑人，魔画魔画，我们的画就是一个世界，有本事你敢进我的魔画中吗？”
"Who said that we can only confuse people, magic paintings, magic paintings, our paintings are a world, do you dare to enter my magic paintings if you have the ability?"
“我为什么要自己走进去？有本事你让你的魔画把我直接抓进去啊，你能吗？呵！”
"Why should I walk in on my own? You have the ability to let your magic painting catch me directly, can you? Scold! ”
“你这个混蛋，我们擂台见！” "You bastard, we'll see you in the ring!"
王叶就见这两帮人说着说着就约好再一次上擂台，然后两方你一言我一语，不断地诱惑他选择他们的学科。
Wang Ye saw that these two groups of people were talking and making an appointment to go to the ring again, and then the two parties said a word, constantly tempting him to choose their disciplines.
一阵悠扬的笛声响起，一名学长从天空翩然降落到王叶面前。
A melodious flute sounded, and a senior descended from the sky in front of Wang Ye.
“学弟你好，听说你很善于拉琴。”该学长从脸到声音都充满仙气。
"Hello junior brother, I heard that you are very good at playing the violin." The senior was full of fairy spirit from his face to his voice.
王叶觉得这位不应该去学魔法，他就应该去修仙！ Wang Ye felt that this person shouldn't go to learn magic, he should go to cultivate immortals!
“学长好，我勉强会一点。”王叶谦虚地道。 "Hello senior, I can barely know a little." Wang Ye said modestly.
该学长微笑：“我相信学弟你的天资，我能感觉到音乐在你身上跳动。能让我看看你的乐器吗？”
The senior smiled: "I believe in your talent, I can feel the music beating on you." Can you show me your instrument? ”
“可以啊。”王叶拿出了他心爱的因果武器。 "Yes." Wang Ye took out his beloved causal weapon.
该学长接过二胡摩挲了一番，还给王叶：“很好的乐器，制作者对它充满了感情，我感觉到它和你之间的联系，难道是你自己亲手制作的吗？”
The senior took the erhu and gave it back to Wang Ye: "Very good instrument, the maker is full of affection for it, I feel the connection between it and you, is it made by yourself?" ”
“是的，从选材开始都是我自己定的。”王叶对此还是很自豪的。
"Yes, I set it myself from the beginning of the selection of materials." Wang Ye is still very proud of this.
该学长赞叹：“我是魔法音乐学科的音飘逸，我代表魔法音乐学科欢迎你，学弟如果有时间，不如现在就和我去一趟魔法音乐学科，我们那里有专门的乐室，我可以做主分配一间给学弟，直到今年期末为止。”
The senior exclaimed: "I am the sound of the magic music discipline, I welcome you on behalf of the magic music discipline, if the junior has time, why don't you go to the magic music discipline with me now, we have a special music room there, I can make the decision to assign one to the junior until the end of this year." ”
“喂喂！音飘逸学长，你别太过分啊，一来就要把人带走，学弟还没说他到底要主修哪一门呢。就算他有一把琴，也不代表他就要主修魔乐学科。”
"Hey, hey! Senior Yin Piaoyi, don't go too far, you're going to take people away as soon as you come, and the junior hasn't said which one he wants to major in. Even if he has a piano, it doesn't mean that he has to major in magic music. ”
“就是啊，学弟啊，你可要擦亮眼睛啊，魔乐学科的都是一群变态加精神病，他们就喜欢用音乐迷惑他人，还把自己都搞得跟亡灵一样瘦。”
"That's right, junior, you have to keep your eyes open, the magic music discipline is a group of perverts and psychopaths, they like to use music to confuse others, and they make themselves as thin as the undead."
“这是污蔑。”音飘逸抚摸笛子，威胁的意思满满：“我们魔乐学科才是最值得进入的学科，在这里，不仅可以陶冶情操，魔乐更能帮助你冲击和感悟魔法本源，还能提高你对魔法的悟性。如果你的魔乐学到一定程度，提高身体素质、影响他人精神力、治疗精神力暴动、安抚受损的精神力、补充精神力甚至补充魔力等等，都可以做到。学弟，你如果是个聪明人，一定会选择魔乐学科，这里才最适合你。”
"It's slander." Yin Piaoyi stroked the flute, full of threats: "Our magic music discipline is the most worthy discipline to enter, here, not only can you cultivate sentiment, magic music can help you impact and understand the origin of magic, but also improve your understanding of magic." If you learn a certain level of magic music, you can improve your physical fitness, affect the mental power of others, treat mental power riots, soothe damaged mental power, replenish mental power, and even replenish magic power, etc., you can do it. Junior brother, if you are a smart person, you will definitely choose the subject of magic music, and this is the most suitable for you. ”
王叶眼看召唤系和占卜系也要过来了，心中了然，应该是他这个新生第三的名头起了作用，这才让杂学院各学科过来抢人。
Wang Ye saw that the summoning department and the divination department were also coming, and he knew in his heart that it should be him, the third freshman, who played a role, so that the various disciplines of the miscellaneous college came to grab people.
雷木来救人了，一说他是王叶的兄长，挡住路的学长们也不好不让他通过。
Lei Mu came to save people, and as soon as he said that he was Wang Ye's brother, the seniors who blocked the way were not allowed to let him pass.
雷木过来，揽住王叶的肩膀，对众学长道：“诸位学长的建议，我会让我弟仔细考虑，现在请给他一点考虑时间好么？”
Lei Mu came over, grabbed Wang Ye's shoulders, and said to the seniors: "The suggestions of the seniors, I will let my brother think about it carefully, now please give him a little time to think about it, okay?" ”
学长们见新生第三的家长来了，明白是不可能马上就把人逮走了。
When the seniors saw the parents of the third freshman coming, they understood that it was impossible to arrest them immediately.
但这些学长还想尽力争取，不断说主修某学科的好处，有些学长手中有权力，直接就说可以给王叶什么什么待遇。
But these seniors still want to try their best to fight for it, and keep saying the benefits of majoring in a certain subject, and some seniors have power in their hands, so they directly say that they can give Wang Ye any treatment.
“哟，这是争抢新生第三呢。不过就是个第三，听说还是个小贼，也就你们杂学院当宝贝了。”一阵嘲笑声突然从外围传来。
"Yo, this is the race for the third freshman. It's just a third, I heard that it's still a thief, so it's a treasure in your miscellaneous academy. A burst of laughter suddenly came from the periphery.
杂学院的学生一起转头，怒视来人。 The students of the miscellaneous academy turned their heads together and glared at the visitor.
来人有好些，都是魔药学院和魔法学院的。 There were quite a few people who came, all from the Potions Academy and the Magic Academy.
发出嘲笑的一名学长打量王叶，不屑地道：“不过一个小毛孩子，使了下流手段才夺得第三名罢了。”
A senior who laughed at Wang Ye looked at Wang Ye and said disdainfully: "It's just a little hairy kid who used obscene means to win the third place." ”
王叶眯眼，进入这个学校以来，他还是第一次发现让他想揍死的人。果然哪里都有讨人厌的家伙。
Wang Ye squinted, since entering this school, it was the first time he had found someone who made him want to beat him to death. Sure enough, there are annoying guys everywhere.
还有人附和那个学长：“是啊，听说他笔试后半程睡了过去，实践考核几乎没考，在这之前的考核听说是用了下三滥的迷药把其他学生都迷晕了，才显得他一个人厉害。”
Someone else echoed the senior: "Yes, I heard that he fell asleep in the second half of the written test, and he almost didn't take the practical assessment. ”
“会偷窃他人财物的小崽子能是什么好东西！” "What a good thing a little cub can be to steal other people's property!"
杂学院的学长怒斥：“门德松，你别太过分！偷窃的事人家店主早就澄清是冤枉了这位学弟，至于考核中用什么手段，那都是凭个人本事。你们魔药学院什么魔药不用？这时候跑来嘲笑人家用了迷药？”
The senior of the miscellaneous academy angrily scolded: "Mendesson, don't go too far! The shopkeeper of the theft has long clarified that he has wronged this junior, and as for what means are used in the assessment, it is all based on personal ability. What potions do you not use at your Potions Academy? At this time, he came to ridicule people for using drugs? ”
“就是！我们王叶学弟能排到新生第三，肯定是他有这个能耐，他笔试睡着又怎么样，那是他给其他学生超过他的机会，否则他睡着都能得第三，如果他没有睡着，把笔试全部考完，你们觉得他会考第几？”
"That's it! Our Wang Ye junior can rank third among the freshmen, he must have this ability, what if he falls asleep in the written exam, that is the opportunity he gives other students to surpass him, otherwise he can get the third when he sleeps, if he doesn't fall asleep and finishes all the written exams, how many do you think he will take the exam? ”
“我听说王叶学弟参加入学考试那天生病了，学校教授都知道这点，而且他生病都能考第三……哼！”后面自然不用多说。
"I heard that Senior Brother Wang Ye was sick on the day he took the entrance exam, and the professors at the school knew this, and he was sick and could take the third ...... Hum! "Needless to say, I don't need to say much later.
当即，门德松周围那些学生和杂学院的学生就吵起来，吵着吵着就骂起来。
Immediately, the students around Mendesson and the students of the miscellaneous colleges quarreled and scolded each other.
魔法学院的那几个学生直接指着杂学院的学长鼻子说上擂台。
The students of the Magic Academy pointed directly at the nose of the senior of the Miscellaneous Academy and said to the ring.
“上就上，怕你们不成！” "If you go up, I'm afraid you won't make it!"
音飘逸忽然道：“门德松，我记得你有个弟弟，他也是今年考生？该不会他的考试排名……恰好第四？”
Yin Piaoyi suddenly said: "Mendesson, I remember that you have a younger brother, and he is also a candidate this year?" Will he be ranked in the exam...... Exactly fourth? ”
门德松微微变色，却没有否认。他不等杂学院的学生起哄，就伸出手指点了点王叶：“你的成绩有没有问题，你自己心里有数，如果你是实实在在的第三名，学院怎么会把你分到杂学院，还是九班？你也不用多辩解什么，你有没有实力就看今年年底的各学院全学年考试排名，到时我倒要看看你能排在第几。”
Mendsson changed color slightly, but did not deny it. He didn't wait for the students of the Miscellaneous Academy to coax, so he stretched out his finger and pointed at Wang Ye: "Is there a problem with your grades, you know it in your own heart, if you are really the third place, how can the academy assign you to the Miscellaneous Academy, or Class 9?" You don't need to argue anything, whether you have the strength or not depends on the ranking of the colleges at the end of this year, and then I want to see how many you can rank. ”
门德松说完，不屑地一笑，转身就要带着一帮人离开。 After Mendesson finished speaking, he smiled disdainfully, turned around and was about to leave with a group of people.
“喂，那个傻叉，不用等到年底，半年，就今年六月底吧，我们擂台上见。不是我和你那个蠢货弟弟比试，是我和你这个大傻叉比，记住了吗？”一道更加桀骜和狂妄的童音响起。
"Hey, that stupid fork, don't wait until the end of the year, half a year, just the end of June this year, we'll see you in the ring. It's not me competing with your stupid brother, it's me competing with you, the big fool, remember? A more rebellious and arrogant children's voice sounded.
不少还没离开的新老生都听到了这段桀骜宣言，当下就寻找起声音来源。
Many new and old students who have not yet left have heard this unruly declaration, and immediately looked for the source of their voice.
门德松不可置信地回头：“你说什么？” Mendesson looked back in disbelief: "What did you say? ”
王叶抱臂，满脸讥讽：“年纪大了耳朵不好吗？我说小爷给你这个傻叉一个和小爷比试的机会，感恩吧！”
Wang Ye crossed his arms and sneered: "Are your ears bad when you're old?" I said that the master gave you this stupid fork a chance to compete with the master, thank you! ”
门德松和他身边的学生们：“……”好想现在就打死这个小混蛋！
Mendsson and the students around him: "......" wants to kill this little bastard right now!
王叶又道：“当然你如果不敢和小爷比试的话，你可以试试在这半年里废掉小爷或干脆杀死小爷。”
Wang Ye said again: "Of course, if you don't dare to compete with the master, you can try to abolish the master or simply kill the master in the next half a year." ”
杂学院的学生们立刻起哄：“对对对，门德松你可得好好保护我们的小学弟，如果他这半年内出了什么事，那就是你不敢和他比试，故意谋害他！”
The students of the miscellaneous academy immediately coaxed: "Yes, yes, Mendesson, you have to protect our junior brother, if something happens to him in the past six months, it is that you don't dare to compete with him, and deliberately murder him!" ”
门德松气过头了，竟然笑出来，点点头，阴森森地对王叶说：“既然你有这个胆子，我给你这个机会又怎么样。不过就凭你这个刚入学的，想要和我比试还不够资格，今年六月底，你和我弟上擂台比试魔药制作，听好了，是魔药制作，可不是你在杂学院学的那些。”
Mende was overly relieved, he actually laughed, nodded, and said to Wang Ye gloomily: "Since you have the courage, what if I give you this opportunity." At the end of June this year, you and my brother went to the ring to try potions making, and listen, it's potion making, not what you learned in the miscellaneous academy. ”
“当然是魔药制作，小爷要打败一个人，自然是用他最擅长的。”王叶歪头，气死人不偿命地道：“但你确定要让你弟来丢脸，你不怕他被打击得以后怀疑人生？哦，我知道了，你其实很讨厌你弟，也许是妒忌他，所以才想让他来和我比试吧？”
"Of course, it's potion making, if the master wants to defeat a person, he naturally uses what he is best at." Wang Ye tilted his head and said angrily: "But are you sure you want to make your brother embarrassed, aren't you afraid that he will doubt his life in the future?" Oh, I see, you actually hate your brother very much, maybe you're jealous of him, that's why you want him to compete with me, right? ”
眼看围过来看热闹的学生越来越多。 There are more and more students coming around to see the excitement.
“我不跟小孩子耍嘴皮子。”门德松深吸气，硬邦邦地甩下一句话：“六月底，擂台见。”
"I don't play tricks on kids." Mendesson took a deep breath and shook off a sentence stiffly: "See you in the ring at the end of June." ”
此时，所有人包括杂学院的学生都认为王叶只是为了争面子嘴硬，没见门德松和那些学生生气归生气，却都一副“你小子死定了”的眼神看着他吗？
At this time, everyone, including the students of the miscellaneous academy, thought that Wang Ye was just fighting for face, and didn't see Mendesson and those students getting angry, but they all looked at him with a look of "your kid is dead"?
门德松等人一走。 Mendsson and the others left.
杂学院的学长们一拥而上，纷纷对王叶叮嘱：“学弟，你这一年可要用心学习，不管你选择哪个学科当主修，你要是考不好，丢的不仅是你一个人的脸，你会让我们整个杂学院都在魔药学院面前抬不起头，你……”
The seniors of the Miscellaneous Academy rushed up and told Wang Ye one after another: "Junior brother, you have to study hard this year, no matter which discipline you choose as your major, if you don't do well in the exam, you will not only lose your face alone, you will make our entire Miscellaneous Academy look up in front of the Potions Academy, you ......"
王叶出声打断：“要选什么课，我心里已经有数。诸位学长，我们年底见。”
Wang Ye interrupted: "I already have a plan in my heart about what class to choose." Seniors, we'll see you at the end of the year. ”
回去宿舍的路上，雷木担心王叶有压力，还想安慰他。 On the way back to the dormitory, Lei Mu was worried that Wang Ye was under pressure and wanted to comfort him.
结果就听王叶叨咕：“傻叉一个，竟然敢来挑战小爷我。要不是小爷现在还没有接触魔药炼制方法，小爷现在就喊他上擂台。年底的各学院全学年成绩排名算什么，木木，你看我用他最擅长的打败他！”
As a result, I heard Wang Ye mutter: "Stupid fork, you dare to challenge me." If it weren't for the fact that the master hadn't been exposed to the potion refining method now, the master would have called him to the ring right now. What is the ranking of the whole academic year results of each college at the end of the year, Mu Mu, you see me beat him with what he is best at! ”
“嗯，你能的。”雷木放心了。 "Yes, you can." Remu was relieved.
第125章 精灵族找来 Chapter 125: The Elves Came Together
独栋小屋的客厅。 Living room of a detached cottage.
疯药王看王叶选了一堆课程，好奇下飘过来偷窥。 The Mad Medicine King saw that Wang Ye had chosen a bunch of courses, and floated over to peep out of curiosity.
看着看着，疯药王就忍不住了：“你都选了什么课？魔法药剂制作初级讲解？这么浅显的课程，我不能教你吗？魔植辨认和培育，这个我也可以教你，那些白痴能教你什么？精神力初级运用，你的精神力运用已经足够好，根本没必要去学这个课程，简直浪费时间。”
Looking at it, the Mad Medicine King couldn't help it: "What classes did you choose?" A beginner's guide to magic potion making? Can't I teach you such a superficial course? Demon plant identification and cultivation, I can also teach you this, what can those idiots teach you? The primary use of mental power, your use of mental power is good enough, there is no need to learn this course at all, it is a waste of time. ”
“啊，你还选择了魔法食物初级制作？卷轴初级制作？魔纹初级讲解？魔法阵初级讲解？占卜与预言？你选这些课干什么？你觉得你时间太多吗！”
"Ah, you also chose the Magic Food Beginner Crafting? Reel beginner crafting? A beginner's explanation of the magic pattern? Beginner explanation of the magic array? Divination and prophecy? What do you do with these classes? Do you think you have too much time! ”
“你竟然还选择了绘画基础？音乐与精神力与魔力的关系？魔法攻击要点讲述？魔法构建原理？魔力与精神力的平衡？魔法冥想，魔力运用窍门……”疯药王一连报了十几个课程的名字，受不了地大喊：“浪费！简直浪费时间！”
"You even chose the basics of painting? What is the relationship between music and mental power and magic? What are the key points of magic attack? How does magic work? A balance between magic and spirituality? Magic meditation, magic use tricks......" The Mad Medicine King reported the names of more than a dozen courses in a row, and shouted unbearably: "Waste! What a waste of time! ”
“你应该专精魔药学！你与其把时间浪费在其他不必要的课程上，你还不如把魔药学院的重要课程都选上！”
"You should specialize in potions! Instead of wasting your time on other unnecessary courses, you might as well pick up all the important courses at Potions Academy! ”
王叶耸肩：“我不是魔药学院的学生，很多专业课程不能选，只能选大课。”
Wang Ye shrugged: "I'm not a student of the Potions Academy, and I can't choose many professional courses, so I can only take big courses." ”
疯药王气得团团转，“那群没眼光的白痴！算了，魔药学我教你，你有那本药学宝典，遇到不懂的可以问我。但魔药学在我死后已经又发展两百多年，这段时间的新知识你需要自己想办法补足。”
The Mad Medicine King was furious, "Those blindless idiots! Forget it, I'll teach you potions, you have that pharmacy book, you can ask me if you don't understand. But Potions has been developing for more than two hundred years since my death, and you'll need to find a way to make up for the new knowledge you have in this time. ”
“明白，我会去图书馆找相关书籍。” "Understood, I'll go to the library and look for books."
疯药王眼珠一转，也想溜进学校的图书馆看免费书。 The mad medicine king rolled his eyes and wanted to sneak into the school library to read free books.
王叶看出他的心思，警告他：“老头，你别作死。你现在就是一条还未修炼的亡魂，就你这种水准，进入图书馆就是被轰杀的命。那图书馆有各种防守和攻击魔法阵，我怀疑就是魔导师级别的亡魂也无法轻易闯进去。”
Wang Ye saw his thoughts and warned him: "Old man, don't die. You are now a revenant soul who has not yet cultivated, and at your level, entering the library is the life of being bombarded. The library has all kinds of defensive and offensive magic arrays, and I suspect that even the revenants of the magister-level cannot easily break in. ”
“哼，知道。”疯药王自然也知道厉害，“你记得帮我找一些修习亡灵魔法的书籍，如果能选修相关课程更好。”
"Hmph, I know." The Mad Medicine King naturally knew that it was powerful, "You remember to help me find some books on practicing undead magic, it would be better if you could take relevant courses." ”
王叶答应，他跟疯药王已经做好初步约定，就是互相帮助，疯药王指点他魔药学，他帮疯药王踏入亡灵魔药师的道路。
Wang Ye promised that he and the Mad Medicine King had made a preliminary agreement, that is, to help each other, the Mad Medicine King instructed him in potions, and he helped the Mad Medicine King step into the path of the undead magic potion master.
疯药王看王叶和雷木商量着重新开始选课，忽然道：“你师父什么时候来找你？”
The Mad Medicine King saw Wang Ye and Lei Mu discussing the restart of class selection, and suddenly said, "When will your master come to you?" ”
王叶抬头看向疯药王，“你想见我师父？” Wang Ye looked up at the Mad Medicine King, "You want to see my master?" ”
疯药王没否认：“你师父的某些教学观念非常符合我的思路，他把你的底子打得很牢靠，让你学习提炼魔法阵，让你牢记普通药学知识，让你制作大量普通药物，还让你了解人体及各种病症，却不教你制作魔法药剂，这在别人看来很不可思议。”
The Crazy Medicine King did not deny it: "Some of your master's teaching concepts are very in line with my thinking, he has laid your foundation very firmly, let you learn to refine the magic array, let you remember the knowledge of ordinary medicine, let you make a large number of ordinary medicines, and let you understand the human body and various diseases, but does not teach you to make magic potions, which is incredible in the eyes of others." ”
“但在我看来，这是非常聪明和明智的行为，君不见那些学习魔药制作的小鬼一个个都只知其然不知其所以然，后期如果自己不努力补充基础知识，将来成就也好不到哪里。一开始就教导魔法制药只会教出一群糊里糊涂还自以为了不起的糊涂蛋！你师父比那些愚蠢的傻瓜魔药师都聪明得多。你有个非常为你着想的好师父。”
"But in my opinion, this is a very smart and wise behavior, you don't see those little ghosts who learn how to make potions only know what they are, and if you don't work hard to supplement the basics in the later stage, your future achievements will not be much better. Teaching magic medicine in the beginning will only teach a bunch of foolish and self-righteous fools! Your master is much smarter than those stupid fool potionsmen. You have a good master who thinks very much about you. ”
疯药王是真心敬佩，不是任何一个魔药师都能耐下心一点点调教弟子，随便教个魔药配方让徒弟自己学习，多简单？
The Crazy Medicine King is truly admired, not all potions masters can be patient to train their disciples a little bit, just teach a potion recipe and let the apprentice learn by himself, how simple is it?
可又要让弟子明白各种药学原理，更要让他了解每种药材的特性和药效，那付出的心血绝不是一般两般。
However, it is necessary to let the disciple understand the principles of various medicines, and let him understand the characteristics and efficacy of each medicinal material.
“那是当然！我师父就是最好的。”王叶骄傲道。 "Of course! My master is the best. Wang Ye said proudly.
疯药王轻哼，有点看不得王叶那么骄傲的样子。如果是他更早碰到王叶……好吧，他恐怕会先打死这个小混蛋！
The Mad Medicine King snorted lightly, a little unable to see Wang Ye's proud appearance. If he had met Wang Ye earlier...... Well, he's afraid he'll kill this little bastard first!
雷木摇摇头，没插话。学校魔药学院会那样教学生，当然也有他们的道理，先用魔法制药引起学生们的兴趣，再辅以药学讲解，也更能让学生接受。
Remu shook his head and didn't interject. The school's Potions Academy will teach students like that, of course, there is also their reason, first use magic medicine to arouse the interest of students, and then supplement it with pharmacy explanations, which is more acceptable to students.
否则光让学生成天背诵那些药学原理和药材特性药效等等的基础知识，恐怕学生们都会学得厌烦。
Otherwise, just let students memorize the basic knowledge of pharmaceutical principles and medicinal properties, medicinal effects, etc., I am afraid that students will get bored of learning.
最后，结合各科课程时间安排，王叶重新选好了他要上的课程。
In the end, combined with the schedule of various courses, Wang Ye re-selected the courses he was going to take.
疯药王看着王叶课程申请表上除了包含灵魂魔法在内的初级魔法课程，还有一溜“魔食、卷轴、魔画、魔乐、魔纹、魔法阵……”相关，气得不想说话。
The Mad Medicine King looked at Wang Ye's course application form, in addition to the elementary magic courses including soul magic, there was also a slip of "magic food, scrolls, magic paintings, magic music, magic patterns, magic arrays...... and so angry that he didn't want to speak.
偏偏王小叶还振振有词，说任何知识都有重叠和交融的部分，了解各个学科也能加强他对魔药学的理解，并把他制作魔药的能力推到一个新的高度。
However, Wang Xiaoye also said that there are overlapping and blending parts of any knowledge, and knowing each discipline can also strengthen his understanding of potions, and push his ability to make potions to a new level.
疯药王想了想，觉得有理，就是：“我就怕你时间不够，学不过来，千木之毒……呸！千木蜕变药剂的阶段药剂可不是那么好制作的。”
The Mad Medicine King thought about it and felt reasonable, that is: "I'm afraid that you don't have enough time and can't learn, the poison of a thousand trees...... Bah! The stage potion of the Thousand Wood Transformation Elixir is not so easy to make. ”
王叶坚持己见。时间吗，挤挤就有了。 Wang Ye insisted on his opinion. time, squeeze it.
何况他想提升鉴定术，就必须加强各方面的知识。现在不在学校学习，难道要出去后再花钱重新学吗？
What's more, if he wants to improve his identification skills, he must strengthen his knowledge in all aspects. If you don't study in school now, do you have to spend money to study again after you go out?
雷木的课程选定就没有王叶这么纠结，他早就定下来了，主修炼金，辅修魔武。
Lei Mu's course selection was not as entangled as Wang Ye, he had already decided, the main cultivation gold and the minor demon martial arts.
魔武在陨星是一门课程，讲的是如何把魔法和武力攻击结合起来，雷木觉得很适合自己。
Demon Martial Arts is a course in Meteorite, which is about how to combine magic and force attacks, and Lei Mu feels that it suits him very well.
王叶和雷木还同时选修了一门课程“异术与魔法的区别和结合”。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu also took a course at the same time, "The Difference and Combination of Alien Art and Magic".
第二天，两人把选定的课程表交上去，只要没超过最高课程数，基本都能通过。
The next day, the two of them handed in the selected class schedule, and as long as they did not exceed the maximum number of courses, they were basically able to pass.
但像王叶这样几乎雨露均分的真心不多，但偏偏他选的课程刚刚好在允许数量范围内，教务处很负责地给他发了一个通知，表示如果选修这么多课程，年底如果有超过十分之一没能合格，他就会被倒扣学分，一旦学分变成负数，他就会被开除学籍。
But there are not many people like Wang Ye who almost have an average score of rain and dew, but the courses he chose are just within the allowable number, and the Academic Affairs Office sent him a notice very responsibly, saying that if he takes so many courses, if more than one-tenth fails to pass at the end of the year, he will be deducted credits, and once the credits become negative, he will be expelled from the school.
王叶收到通知，决定不变。 Wang Ye received the notice and decided not to change.
教务处看他冥顽不灵，也不再继续劝说，盖章通过了他的申请。
Seeing that he was stubborn, the Academic Affairs Office no longer continued to persuade him, and stamped his application.
甚至就连他申请了灵魂类魔法课程，教务处也没有特别在意，只以为这熊孩子是什么都想接触一番。
Even if he applied for a soul magic course, the Academic Affairs Office didn't particularly care, just thought that this bear kid wanted to get in touch with everything.
在王叶课程申请通过的同时，他也接到了系统发布的一连串任务，全都是让他年底考试必须合格，每通过一门，就会奖励他一百点经验值。如果有超过十分之一不合格，他会被强行降一级。
At the same time that Wang Ye's application for the course was passed, he also received a series of tasks released by the system, all of which made him pass the exam at the end of the year, and for each course he passed, he would be rewarded with 100 experience points. If more than 1 in 10 fails, he will be forcibly demoted by one level.
包括他挑战门德松，以及解开千木之毒也成了任务的一部分。
Including his challenge to Mendsson, as well as unlocking the poison of a thousand trees, it was also part of the mission.
一月五日，学校一年级正式开课。 On January 5, the first grade of the school officially opened.
王叶选择的课程太多，加上他还有药园和药材库房的实习，每天都是匆匆来去，时间都塞得满满的。
Wang Ye has too many courses to choose from, plus he also has internships in the medicine garden and medicinal materials warehouse, so he comes and goes in a hurry every day, and the time is full.
雷木也一头埋入炼金世界。 Lei Mu also buried himself in the alchemy world.
两人如果不是住在同一宿舍，大概都没什么机会见面。 If the two didn't live in the same dormitory, they probably wouldn't have had much chance to meet.
原本有些学生看王叶太狂傲，想要给他一些教训，还有人想要掂掂这新生第三名的分量，却发现很难逮到他，久而久之也就算了。
Originally, some students saw that Wang Ye was too arrogant and wanted to teach him some lessons, and some people wanted to weigh the weight of the third place of this freshman, but they found it difficult to catch him, and they forgot it over time.
期间王叶还抽空回去了地球一次，一是怕他姑担心，见见他姑姑，二是给家里补货。
During this period, Wang Ye also took the time to go back to the earth once, firstly, he was afraid that his aunt would be worried, so he met his aunt, and secondly, he replenished the goods at home.
王叶只在地球待了半天，这半天时间几乎全部花在购物上，等回到双月星，王叶总觉得他忘记了什么事，一时想不起来，也就算了。
Wang Ye only stayed on the earth for half a day, and almost all of this half day was spent on shopping, and when he returned to the Double Moon Star, Wang Ye always felt that he had forgotten something, and he couldn't remember it for a while, so forget it.
两个月后，一队特殊的客人出现在陨星魔法学校后山。 Two months later, a special group of guests appeared in the mountain behind the Falling Star School of Magic.
这个传送阵使用机会不多，附近看守传送阵的魔法师被惊动，走过来检查情况，就看到了这队特殊的客人正从传送阵里走出来。
There were not many opportunities for this teleportation array to be used, and the magician who was guarding the teleportation array nearby was alarmed, and when he came over to check the situation, he saw this special group of guests coming out of the teleportation array.
“尊敬的魔法师，您好。” "Greetings, respected magician."
“尊敬的精灵战士，你们好。” "Greetings, respected elven warriors."
双方互相行礼。 Both sides saluted each other.
客套一番后，魔法师就询问这队客人的来意了。 After a polite exchange, the magician asked the group of guests what they were doing.
带头的精灵战士树雨面对这名老年魔法师正经了点，但还是去不掉痞气，他半开玩笑半认真地说道：“其实我们是来贵校找人求助的。”
The elven warrior Shu Yu who took the lead was a little more serious in the face of this old magician, but he still couldn't get rid of the ruffian, he said half-jokingly and half-seriously: "Actually, we came to your school to find someone to ask for help. ”
老年魔法师一愣：“求助？还有什么事能难得住精灵们？”
The old magician was stunned: "Help? What else could be so hard to keep the elves apart? ”
“有啊，我们药师不行，制作出来的打虫药效果一般，小崽儿们吃了药光喊肚子疼，却拉不出虫子，那些该死的寄生虫竟然异常顽固。”
"Yes, our pharmacists can't do it, the effect of the anti-insect medicine produced is average, the little cubs take the medicine and shout that their stomachs hurt, but they can't pull out the worms, those damn parasites are extremely stubborn."
“树雨！”鼎云看树雨自曝其短，想要制止他。 "Tree Rain!" Ding Yun saw Shuyu exposing his shortcomings and wanted to stop him.
树雨痞痞地挥挥手：“别遮掩了，来求人的总要有点求人的态度。”
Shu Yu waved his hand ruffianly: "Don't hide it, you must always have a begging attitude when you come to ask for someone." ”
老年魔法师立刻道：“诸位请到会客室，我这就联系副校长，请他安排魔药学院的教授过来。”
The old magician immediately said, "Everyone, please come to the reception room, and I will contact the vice principal and ask him to arrange for the professor of the Potions Academy to come over." ”
树雨闻言，连忙道：“那就太感谢了。另外，我们还想找你们学校的两个学生，这对兄弟也是我们精灵族幼崽的恩人，这次我们来除了求药，也带来了那精灵幼崽送给他们的礼物。”
When Shuyu heard this, he hurriedly said, "Then thank you so much." In addition, we also want to find two students from your school, these two brothers are also the benefactors of our elven cub, this time we have come not only to ask for medicine, but also to bring gifts from the elven cub to them. ”
老年魔法师一听学校学生和精灵族结下了友谊，当即开怀笑道：“哦？那两个学生叫什么名字？在哪个学院上课？”
As soon as the old magician heard that the school students had formed a friendship with the elves, he immediately laughed and said, "Oh? What are the names of those two students? In which college are classes taken? ”
“哪个学院我不知道，我就知道他们一个叫雷木，一个叫王叶，大的大概二十出头，小的大概十岁不到。”
"I don't know which academy, I know that one of them is called Lei Mu and the other is called Wang Ye, the eldest is about his early twenties, and the younger is probably less than ten years old."
“知道名字就好，你们稍等。” "It's good to know the name, you guys wait."
精灵们被带到了专门接待特殊客人的会客室。 The elves were taken to a reception room dedicated to special guests.
副校长闻讯，很快就携同魔药学院的飞离教授来到会客室。
When the Vice Chancellor heard the news, he quickly brought the Flown Professor from the Potions Academy to the reception room.
而那位老年魔法师还在联络教务处，寻找雷木和王叶这两个学生。
And the old magician was still contacting the Academic Affairs Office, looking for the two students, Lei Mu and Wang Ye.
教务处查到这两人的名字……幸好没有同名的，就发通知联系两个学生让他们先来教务处。
The Registrar's Office found the names of these two men...... Fortunately, there was no one with the same name, so I sent a notice to contact the two students and asked them to come to the Academic Affairs Office first.
雷木在做炼金实验，没注意。 Lei Mu was doing an alchemy experiment and didn't pay attention.
王叶正在聚精会神地烹制他新创的魔法药膳，也没注意。
Wang Ye was concentrating on cooking his newly created magic medicinal food, and he didn't pay attention.
教务处等了半天，都没见到这两个学生。 The Academic Affairs Office waited for a long time, but did not see these two students.
会客室内，副校长和飞离教授已经弄明白了精灵们来求助的原因。
In the reception room, the Vice Chancellor and Professor Flyaway had figured out why the elves had come for help.
飞离教授听说是打虫药，还觉得精灵们过于大惊小怪，这打虫药都说不上是魔法药剂。但飞离教授想到精灵族药师的能力，也不敢轻易开口打包票。
Professor Feili heard that it was an insect potion, and he thought that the elves were making too much fuss, and this insect medicine could not be said to be a magic potion. But Professor Feili thought of the ability of the elven pharmacist, and he didn't dare to open his mouth easily.
“我需要先见见是什么寄生虫这么顽固。有时候不同的寄生虫就需要不同的打虫药。”飞离教授谨慎地道。
"I need to be foretold what parasites are so stubborn. Sometimes different parasites require different pesticides. Fly away Professor said cautiously.
“当然。”一名药师助手，也是一位初级药师的精灵拿出了两个盒子。
"Of course." A pharmacist's assistant, who is also a junior pharmacist's elf, took out two boxes.
“这个盒子里是我族一个小家伙服用打虫药后拉出来的虫子。这些虫子生命力极为顽强，哪怕没有供应多少食物，它们也没死，而且还能不断生长。”药师助手异常郑重地说道。
"In this box are the worms pulled out by a little guy of my clan after taking the insecticide. These bugs are extremely tenacious, and even if they don't have much food, they don't die and continue to grow. The pharmacist's assistant said very solemnly.
飞离教授见了精灵的表情，也很慎重地打开了金属盒。 Seeing the elf's expression, Professor Feili opened the metal box cautiously.
盒子一打开，在场所有人和精灵都露出恶心的表情。 As soon as the box was opened, everyone present and the elves had disgusted expressions.
那盒子里竟然有一条又细又长，白线一样的虫，这条线虫在盒子里先是团成一团，可能感觉到光，又往外爬，想要爬出去。但盒子是魔法盒，哪怕打开盒盖，线虫也爬不出来。
There was a thin, long, white thread-like worm in the box, and this nematode first clumped together in the box, probably sensing the light, and crawling out, trying to crawl out. But the box is a magic box, and even if the lid is opened, the nematode can't climb out.
飞离教授合上盖子，“从表面看，像是钩虫和线虫的综合体，这也许是一种新型的寄生虫，我可以留下做一些研究吗？”
Professor Feili closed the lid, "On the surface, it looks like a combination of hookworms and nematodes, maybe this is a new type of parasite, can I stay and do some research?" ”
“可以。”药师助手一口同意，族里还有一条，这条就是专门带给陨星魔药师的，他还提到：“这种线虫可以肢体再生，哪怕切断一截，只要供给它们充足的食物，它们就会再长出来。”
"Yes." The medicine man's assistant agreed, there is another one in the clan, this one is specially for the Falling Star Potion Master, and he also mentioned: "This nematode can regenerate limbs, even if it is cut off, as long as they are provided with enough food, they will grow again." ”
“哦？”飞离教授顿时觉得研究这虫子不会亏，如果能找到这种虫子再生的要点，说不定他能研究出新的魔药配方，这种虫子也会成为新的药材。
"Oh?" Professor Feili suddenly felt that he would not lose money in researching this bug, and if he could find the key point of this bug's regeneration, maybe he could research a new potion recipe, and this bug would also become a new medicinal material.
药师助手又推出另一个盒子：“这里面是我族药师制作出的打虫药，一共有六种。不是我们药师只制作出这六种打虫药，而是其他种都无法起到打虫的作用。而这六种虽然不能把虫子打下来，却能让肚子里有虫的崽儿有反应。”
The pharmacist's assistant pushed out another box: "Here are the anti-insect medicines made by the pharmacists of my clan, there are six kinds of them." It's not that we pharmacists only make these six kinds of anti-worming medicines, but that none of the other kinds can play a role in fighting insects. And although these six species can't knock down the worms, they can make the cubs with worms in their stomachs react. ”
药师助手看飞离教授接过药盒，又紧张地追加道：“我族希望贵校的药师能尽快研制出能消灭这种寄生虫的打虫药，时间越快越好，不是我们想催你们，是我族药师发现，那些虫子成长到第三阶段，竟然会钻入精灵幼崽的血管中，这太危险了！”
The pharmacist's assistant saw that Professor Feili took the medicine box, and added nervously: "My clan hopes that the pharmacists of your school can develop a deworming medicine that can eliminate this parasite as soon as possible, the sooner the better, it's not that we want to urge you, it's our clan's pharmacist who discovered that those bugs grow to the third stage, and they will actually burrow into the veins of the elf cubs, which is too dangerous!" ”
飞离教授惊讶：“连你们族的药师都对这种虫子无可奈何吗？打不下来，杀死也不行吗？”
Professor Feili was surprised: "Even the pharmacists of your clan are helpless against this kind of bug?" If you can't beat it, can't you kill it? ”
“不行，杀死这种虫子的药物毒性太大，会损伤到精灵宝宝们。现在我族药师只能利用药物压制这些寄生虫的成长，让它们不要那么快成长到第三阶段。但这种压制无法长时间继续，而且这些虫子待在我族幼崽的身体里，对幼崽身体也是极大伤害。”药师助手很痛苦。
"No, the drug that kills this bug is too toxic and will damage the elf babies. Now our pharmacists can only use drugs to suppress the growth of these parasites, so that they do not grow to the third stage so quickly. But this kind of suppression can't last long, and these bugs stay in the bodies of our cubs, which is also very harmful to the cubs' bodies. "The pharmacist assistant is in pain.
其他精灵也都露出了难过的神情。 The other elves also looked sad.
精灵族幼崽难以孵化，任何一只幼崽对他们都是宝贝。 Elven cubs are difficult to hatch, and any cub is a treasure to them.
原本去年从外面陆陆续续找到和送回来四个幼崽，族里还很高兴，没想到却出现了幼崽集体感染新型寄生虫的糟糕事。
Originally, four cubs were found and sent back from the outside one after another last year, and the clan was very happy, but they didn't expect that there was a bad thing that the cubs were collectively infected with a new type of parasite.
更糟糕的是，这种新型寄生虫竟然就连药师都无法解决。
What's worse is that this new type of parasite can't even be solved by pharmacists.
现在最早一个打下虫子的精灵宝宝被称为了好运宝宝，很多精灵药师都认定他能打下虫子，也许不是因为他吃的打虫药特别有效，而是该精灵宝宝身体比其他精灵幼崽都强壮得多，天赋也好。
Now the first elf baby who laid down the bug is called the good luck baby, and many elf medicine masters believe that he can beat the bug, perhaps not because the insect fighting medicine he eats is particularly effective, but because the elf baby is much stronger than other elf cubs and has good talent.
另外就是该精灵宝宝刚刚回到族地，感染新型寄生虫时间不长，才好运地把那些刚刚孵化的寄生虫都给打了下来。
In addition, the baby elf had just returned to the clan and had not been infected with new parasites for a long time, so he was lucky enough to knock down all the parasites that had just hatched.
但其他精灵幼崽就没那么好的运气了，他们身体没有那个好运宝宝健康强壮，又很可能已经长时间感染新型寄生虫，那些寄生虫已经在他们体内成长到第二阶段，普通打虫药已经无法把它们打下来。
But the other elven cubs are not so lucky, they are not as healthy and strong as the lucky baby, and they are likely to have been infected with new parasites for a long time, and those parasites have grown to the second stage in their bodies, and ordinary deworming drugs can no longer knock them down.
副校长和在场的人族魔法师都明白了，这是精灵族的药师们实在没办法了，才会求到学校来。
The vice principal and the Terran magicians present all understood that this was the elven pharmacists, and they really had no choice but to come to the school.
“我先试试吧。”飞离教授还建议副校长：“时间紧急，精灵幼崽不能等，最好能多找几个教授和我一起研究，也许速度能更快一点。”
"I'll try it first." Professor Feili also advised the vice principal: "Time is urgent, elf cubs can't wait, it's better to find a few more professors to study with me, maybe it can be faster." ”
副校长见飞离教授主动提议，自然没有不答应的。 When the vice president saw that Professor Feili took the initiative to propose, he naturally did not agree.
精灵们立刻道谢，并表示只要陨星能研制出新型打虫药，精灵族一定会奉上丰厚的报酬。
The elves immediately thanked them, and said that as long as the meteorite could develop a new type of insect fighting medicine, the elves would definitely give a good reward.
副校长更开心了，有来有往才能更长久嘛。 The vice principal is happier, and it can last longer if there is a relationship.
“我和我族两位战士会在贵校暂时留下，直到药剂研究出来。”精灵药师助手道。
"My two warriors and I will stay in your school for the time being until the potion is researched." Elf Medicine Master Assistant said.
副校长表示没问题，并欢迎他们留下。 The vice-principal said it was okay and welcomed them to stay.
树雨见事情都谈妥了，那两个学生还没来，不由催促道：“我们幼崽的恩人雷木和王叶呢？他们怎么还没来？”
Seeing that everything had been negotiated, and the two students hadn't come yet, Shu Yu couldn't help urging: "What about our cub's benefactors Lei Mu and Wang Ye?" Why haven't they come yet? ”
副校长愣住：“恩人？王叶和雷木？” The vice principal was stunned: "Benefactor? Wang Ye and Lei Mu? ”
真是好些天没听到这两个名字了。 I haven't heard those two names in a few days.
副校长万没想到那个中了千木之毒的小倒霉蛋竟然和精灵族还扯上关系了，还是精灵族幼崽的恩人？
The vice principal never thought that the little unlucky guy who had been poisoned by a thousand trees would have something to do with the elves, and he was still the benefactor of the elven cubs?
不过副校长转而就想到雷木的血脉，又觉得他们和精灵族有来往也正常。
However, the vice principal turned to think of Lei Mu's bloodline, and felt that it was normal for them to have dealings with the elves.
树雨就把两人孵化精灵蛋并把孵化后的精灵送回无尽森海的事说了，这事也没什么见不得人的，他们精灵族也一向恩怨分明，更不会给了恩人报酬，就视同别人的救助行为是理所当然。
Shuyu said that the two of them hatched the elven eggs and sent the hatched elves back to the endless forest sea, this matter is nothing unpleasant, their elven clan has always had clear grievances, and they will not give their benefactors a reward, so they take it for granted that it is someone else's rescue behavior.
副校长感慨：“那两个小家伙还真是深藏不露。” The vice principal sighed: "Those two little guys are really hidden. ”
能孵化精灵蛋的人能简单吗？光是那些孵化材料想要凑齐就不容易，那可都是天材地宝排行榜上的宝贝。
Can someone who can hatch elf eggs be simple? It's not easy to get together just those hatching materials, which are all treasures on the list of natural treasures.
现在副校长也越发认定这两人出自某个隐世家族或就是某个隐世大能的后代。
Now the vice principal is more and more convinced that these two people are from some hidden family or are the descendants of some hidden power.
副校长亲自询问教务处有没有找到那两人。 The Vice-Chancellor personally asked the Registrar's Office if the two men had been found.
教务处说联系了，但两人都还没回应。 The Registrar's Office said they had been contacted, but neither had responded.
副校长就跟精灵们说：“那两人应该都在上课或者在动手做事，暂时可能没看到学校通知。要么你们先休息，等联络到他们，我让人带他们去你们的住处找你们？”
The vice principal said to the elves, "Those two should be in class or doing things, and they may not have seen the school notice for the time being." Or do you rest first, and when I get in touch with them, I'll have them take you to your dwellings? ”
树雨：“好啊。对了，我们可以在贵校里走走吗？好久没来了。”
Shuyu: "Okay. By the way, can we walk around your school? It's been a long time. ”
副校长笑：“欢迎！” The vice principal smiled: "Welcome! ”
为了方便留下的精灵们能在学校自由行动，副校长还给他们准备了贵客专用的参观用魔法徽章。
In order to make it easier for the elves left behind to move freely around the school, the vice principal also prepared a magic badge for them to visit.
精灵药师助手没有那个闲逛的兴趣，他现在满脑子都是想要快点研制出新型打虫药，就和飞离教授一起去了他的研究室。
The elven pharmacist assistant didn't have that interest in hanging out, and he was now full of thoughts about developing a new type of insect fighting medicine as soon as possible, so he went to his research room with Professor Feili.
飞离教授还联络了其他几位魔药教授，其中一位还是对虫子比较有研究的。
Professor Feili also contacted several other Potions professors, one of whom was more knowledgeable about bugs.
树雨觉得他的同胞们有点多此一举，他听说金宝吃的打虫药就是他两个养父送给他的，既然如此，何必还要找别人，直接找王叶和雷木不就行了？
Shu Yu felt that his compatriots were a bit too much, he heard that the insecticide that Jin Bao ate was given to him by his two adoptive fathers, in this case, why bother looking for others, just find Wang Ye and Lei Mu directly?
偏偏大家都太相信高阶药师的能力，认为族内那么多高阶药师都做不到的事情，外面的人类也很难做到。
It's just that everyone believes too much in the abilities of high-level pharmacists, and thinks that what so many high-level pharmacists in the clan can't do, it's difficult for humans outside to do it.
那药师助手更是看不上金宝养父给的连魔药都算不上的打虫药，认为那打虫药能有效，就是巧合。
The pharmacist's assistant even looked down on the insecticide given by Jinbao's adoptive father, which was not even a magic potion, and thought that the insecticide could be effective, which was a coincidence.
再说有学校的魔药教授出手，怎么也比找两个刚入学的学生好吧？
Besides, with the school's Potions professor making a move, it's better than finding two students who have just entered the school, right?
树雨和同伴嘀咕：“术业有专攻，会射箭的不代表会开枪，虽然都是瞄准射击。你看你到现在就只会射箭，魔弹枪如果去掉瞄准器，你就打不准。说不定金宝儿的两个小养父就擅长制作打虫药呢。”
Shuyu and his companions muttered: "There is a specialization in the art industry, and those who can shoot arrows do not mean that they can shoot, although they are all aimed and shot." You see, until now, you can only shoot arrows, and if you remove the sight from the magic shotgun, you can't hit it accurately. Maybe Kimbell's two little adoptive fathers are good at making insecticide. ”
树雨同伴无奈地看队长：“队长，你当我的面说说也就算了，可别跟那位药师大人也这么说，让他听到，他又要批评你不着调了。”
Shuyu's companion looked at the captain helplessly: "Captain, you can just talk about it in front of me, but don't say the same thing to the pharmacist, let him hear it, and he will criticize you again." ”
树雨：“行吧行吧，我什么都不说了，走，我们进学校逛逛，顺便找找金宝的两个小养父。”
Shuyu: "Okay, okay, I won't say anything, let's go, let's go into the school and find Jinbao's two little adoptive fathers by the way." ”
树雨已经从副校长那里打听到王叶和雷木的住处，打算一路逛过去。就在这时，他闻到了一股特别好闻的香味。
Shu Yu had already inquired about Wang Ye and Lei Mu's residences from the vice principal, and planned to go all the way. Just then, he smelled a particularly nice scent.
“咕咚。” "Boom."
树雨听到了吞咽口水声，他以为是自己，却又觉得这声音太大，转头一看，才发现同时喉咙滚动的还有他的同伴树冬。
Shu Yu heard the sound of swallowing saliva, he thought it was himself, but he felt that the sound was too loud, and when he turned his head to look, he found that his companion Shu Dong was rolling in his throat at the same time.
第126章 厉害了金宝儿 Chapter 126: Awesome Jinbao'er
王叶闻了闻药膳的味道，有点不太喜欢。 Wang Ye smelled the smell of medicinal food, and he didn't like it very much.
不过这是专门给金宝做的食物，他闻着不好也无所谓了，只要吃起来是那么回事就好。
But this is food specially made for Jinbao, and it doesn't matter if he smells bad, as long as it tastes like that.
都是雷木这几天老是跟他唠叨说做梦梦到了金宝，说金宝在梦中哭着叫爸叽什么的。正好他回去了地球一趟，多采购了不少食物，其中就有金宝特别喜欢的奶糕。
It's all Lei Mu who has been nagging him these days, saying that he dreamed of Jinbao in a dream, and that Jinbao was crying in his dream and calling his father or something. It just so happened that he went back to Earth and bought a lot of food, including Jamble's favorite milk cake.
王叶还买了好几箱冰淇淋，金宝没吃过冰淇淋，不知道会不会喜欢，反正地球小崽子都喜欢。
Wang Ye also bought several boxes of ice cream, Jinbao has never eaten ice cream, I don't know if I will like it, anyway, the little cubs of the earth like it.
王叶打算这两天和雷木一起抽空去看看金宝，如果看不到，给他送点东西也成。
Wang Ye plans to take time to take a look at Jinbao with Lei Mu in the past two days, and if he can't see it, he can send him something.
这锅魔法药膳就是根据金宝体质专门为他琢磨的，可以增强骨质强度，做出来有点像茯苓糕，趁热切成薄片，冷却后就变成了硬脆酥香的口感，只有一点甜味，可以让金宝一段时间吃一块。
This pot of magic medicinal food is specially designed for him according to Jinbao's physique, which can enhance bone strength, and it is a bit like Poria cake, cut into thin slices while it is hot, and after cooling, it becomes a hard, crispy and fragrant taste, only a little sweet, which can make Jinbao eat a piece for a while.
王叶往自己嘴里扔了一小块，他在鉴定做好的成品是否成功。
Wang Ye threw a small piece into his mouth, and he was evaluating whether the finished product was successful.
还行，闻着一般，但吃起来口感还不错。 It's ok, it smells so-so, but it tastes good.
而且这可是魔法药膳，吃了除了增强体质，还有其他作用。
And this is a magic medicinal diet, in addition to enhancing the physique, eating it has other effects.
那就是金宝吃完后会看到他最想看到的人，如果金宝想要看到他和雷木，那么吃完一片就能看到他们了。
That is, after Campbell eats it, he will see the person he wants to see the most, and if Campbell wants to see him and Thunderwood, then he will be able to see them after eating a slice.
王叶把这个给他取名为思念糕片的魔食切好装盒，这才注意到他的学生徽章正一闪一闪。
Wang Ye cut and boxed the demon food that he had named Missing Cake Slice, and only then did he notice that his student badge was flashing.
拿出学生徽章，找到厨房里的联络水晶球贴上去，里面立刻传来声音：“王叶同学，请立刻来一趟教务处，有人找。”
took out the student badge, found the contact crystal ball in the kitchen and pasted it, and a voice immediately came from inside: "Student Wang Ye, please come to the Academic Affairs Office immediately, someone is looking for it." ”
王叶一时想不到有谁找他会找到教务处去，便收拾东西向外走。
Wang Ye didn't think that anyone looking for him would find the Academic Affairs Office, so he packed up his things and walked out.
这是魔食学科的大厨房，里面分成了半独立的六个烹饪区，可以让学生互不干扰，同时又能互相帮助。
This is the large kitchen of the Magic Food department, which is divided into six semi-independent cooking areas, so that students can help each other without interfering with each other.
魔食学科的学长说到做到，见他选修了魔食课程，真的就给他提供了额外的实验厨房，还给他批了魔食学科食材仓库的使用权。
The senior of the Devil Food Department did what he said, and when he saw that he had taken the Devil Food course, he really provided him with an additional experimental kitchen, and also approved him the right to use the Magic Food Discipline's food warehouse .
当然他能拿取的食材只限于低级，而且拿多少需要上交五分之一的实物，且只有这一年。下一年如何还得看他年底的考试成绩。
Of course, the ingredients he can take are limited to low-level, and how much he can get needs to hand over one-fifth of the physical goods, and only for this year. How the next year will be depends on his exam results at the end of the year.
但就算如此，对王叶帮助也很大，至少他不用自己出去买食材来练习。
But even so, it helped Wang Ye a lot, at least he didn't have to go out to buy ingredients to practice by himself.
包括他现在给金宝做的药膳糕，除了用了一点虫蜜，其他材料都来自魔食学科的食材仓库。
Including the medicinal food cake he is making for Jinbao now, except for the use of a little insect honey, the other ingredients are all from the ingredient warehouse of the Magic Food Discipline.
王叶刚走到门外，就听到有学生发出兴奋的叽叽喳喳声。
As soon as Wang Ye walked outside the door, he heard the excited chirping of some students.
王叶没在意，正要跟往常一样，快速离开，却听到一声带着犹豫的声音：“王叶？”
Wang Ye didn't care, and was about to leave quickly as usual, but heard a voice with hesitation: "Wang Ye? ”
树雨看到王叶出来，一时没能认出来。 Shuyu saw Wang Ye come out, but he didn't recognize it for a while.
就见过那么一面，时间又隔了三个月，他对小孩的记忆已经有点模糊。
I have seen that side, and after another three months, his memory of the child has become a little blurry.
但精灵族认人不止是看脸，还看气息。 But the elves recognize people not only by their faces, but also by their breath.
树雨感觉到了一丝熟悉的气息，再看王叶的脸也有些熟悉，他认识的人族小孩也不多，就下意识试探地叫了声。
Shu Yu felt a hint of familiarity, and then looked at Wang Ye's face was also a little familiar, and he didn't know many Terran children, so he subconsciously screamed tentatively.
王叶抬头，看到了树雨和树冬这两个精灵战士。 Wang Ye looked up and saw the two elven warriors Shu Yu and Shu Dong.
“是你们啊，你们怎么来学校了？”王叶跟两精灵打招呼。
"It's you, why did you come to school?" Wang Ye greeted the two elves.
周围学生看着他们，似乎很好奇有学生认识精灵。 The surrounding students looked at them, as if curious that some of the students knew about the elves.
树雨也不太习惯给人围观，示意王叶边走边说。 Shuyu is also not used to giving onlookers, and motioned for Wang Ye to say as he walked.
树冬感到可惜，他们闻着味儿一路找过来，可惜这里是魔食学科的研究楼，他们的参观用徽章无法让他们进去。
Shu Dong felt a pity, they smelled the smell and came all the way over, but it was a pity that this was the research building of the Demon Food Discipline, and their visit badge couldn't let them in.
现在那特别好闻的香味已经几不可闻，可见不是给人吃了，就是收起来了，算了……咦？怎么这个人类小崽身上有那味？
Now the particularly good-smelling fragrance is almost unsmellable, so it can be seen that it is either eaten by people or put away, forget it...... Hey? Why does this little human cub smell like that?
王叶跟上他们，但提前说道：“教务处找我，我得去一趟。对了，金宝怎么样？你们有他的消息吗？”
Wang Ye followed them, but said in advance: "The Academic Affairs Office is looking for me, I have to go." By the way, how about Jinbao? Do you have any news of him? ”
树雨笑道：“我们这次过来，就是和金宝有点关系。教务处让你去，也是我们找你。”
Shuyu smiled: "We came here this time, just to have something to do with Jinbao." The Academic Affairs Office asked you to go, and we also looked for you. ”
“哦？是不是金宝出什么事了？”王叶皱眉，停下脚步。
"Oh? Is something wrong with Jinbao? Wang Ye frowned and stopped.
树雨忙道：“不不不，金宝没事，有事的是我族其他小崽。对了，这是金宝让我转交给你们的礼物。”
Shuyu hurriedly said: "No, no, no, Jinbao is fine, it's the other cubs of my clan who have something to do." By the way, this is a gift that Campbell asked me to pass on to you. ”
树雨从储物戒指中拿出一物，那是一条纯金的小四脚蛇。
Shuyu took out an item from the storage ring, which was a small four-legged snake of pure gold.
“金宝说这是他亲手做的，让我一定要转交给你们，是他现在的模样。”
"Jinbao said that he made it himself, and I must pass it on to you, which is what he is now."
王叶一看到这东西，就知道是比照金宝体型和外貌做出来的，这么久了小家伙也没长大一点，忍不住失笑，接了过来。
As soon as Wang Ye saw this thing, he knew that it was made according to Jinbao's body shape and appearance, and the little guy hadn't grown up a little after so long, so he couldn't help but smile and took it.
刚把金色小四脚蛇接到手中，王叶就失色地叫了一声：“金宝？”
As soon as he received the little golden four-legged snake in his hand, Wang Ye shouted disgracefully: "Jinbao? ”
原本纯金做的小四脚蛇像是在瞬间活了过来，脑袋僵硬地动了一下，然后是四肢。
The small four-legged snake that was originally made of pure gold seemed to come to life in an instant, its head moved stiffly, and then its limbs.
树雨和树冬也惊呆了。 Shuyu and Shudong were also stunned.
王叶看金宝恢复得很辛苦，连忙掏出一瓶魔法药剂，直接给他浇到身上。
Wang Ye saw that Jinbao was recovering very hard, so he hurriedly took out a bottle of magic potion and poured it directly on him.
这瓶魔法药剂主治身体损伤，虽然不是太对症，但对金宝儿也有一定帮助。
This magic potion is mainly used to treat physical injuries, although it is not too symptomatic, but it is also helpful to Kimbella.
金宝的身体逐渐变得柔软，活动也开始变得自然。 Jinbao's body gradually became softer, and his movements began to become natural.
两分钟后，金宝撑起小爪子，抬起头，冲着王叶可怜兮兮地叫：“爸~叽~”
Two minutes later, Jin Bao propped up his little paws, raised his head, and shouted pitifully at Wang Ye: "Dad~tuck~"
王叶怒：“你这个小蠢货！你竟然敢把自己元素化？你才多大，你知道你之前被放在什么地方吗？储物戒指！你不想活了吗？”
Wang Ye was angry: "You little idiot! How dare you elementalize yourself? How old are you, and do you know where you were placed before? Storage rings! Don't you want to live? ”
“爸~叽~” "Dad~Twitter~"
树雨和树冬下巴都要掉下来了。 The rain and jaws of the trees are about to fall.
这可是幼崽啊，才孵化不到半年的幼崽！ This is a cub, a cub that has only hatched for less than half a year!
就是他们成年精灵族想要全身元素化，还不一定能成功，这真得看天赋。
It's just that if they want to elementalize the whole body of their adult elves, they may not be able to succeed, it really depends on their talent.
可才半岁不到的金宝竟然做到了！ But Jinbao, who is less than half a year old, actually did it!
这要是在族里传开，恐怕王都会被惊动。 If this spreads among the people, I am afraid that the king will be alarmed.
而现在这个他们精灵族的小天才竟然就这么跑出了族地。
And now this little genius of their elven clan actually ran out of the clan land like this.
树雨只要想到是他把金宝带出来，还交到了人类手上，就有些头晕。
As long as Shu Yu thought that he had brought Jinbao out and handed it over to humans, he was a little dizzy.
这个小家伙真的太狡猾了，看到他，拿出一个跟他一模一样的金小蛇，甜甜地跟他叽叽了半天，他答应帮他送礼物，小家伙就突然说饿了，然后就带着那个金小蛇跑了。
This little guy is really too cunning, seeing him, he took out a golden snake that is exactly the same as him, and chattered with him sweetly for a long time, he promised to help him give him a gift, and the little guy suddenly said that he was hungry, and then ran away with the golden snake.
他以为小家伙粗心大意，为了拿到礼物只好跟上去，跟了没几步，就听到小家伙叽叽叫说礼物放在地上了，让他一定记得拿给他爸爸。
He thought that the little one was careless, so he had to follow in order to get the gift, and after a few steps, he heard the little one chirping that the gift was placed on the ground, so that he must remember to take it to his father.
他走了两步就在地上找到了那条小金蛇，他当时真的没有多想，就捡起那小金蛇放进了储物戒指。
He took two steps and found the little golden snake on the ground, and he really didn't think much about it at the time, so he picked it up and put it in the storage ring.
现在想来，金宝一定准备了一条备用的小金蛇，先用那条真纯金小蛇欺骗他，再以饿遁离开，然后把自己变成金小蛇留在地上。
Now that I think about it, Jinbao must have prepared a spare little golden snake, first deceived him with that pure golden snake, and then left hungry, and then turned himself into a golden snake and left it on the ground.
树雨不住啧啧，不得了，这小崽儿才多大，不说他的天赋，就这个脑子也不是一般货色，真不知道是他天生如此聪慧，还是谁教出来的。
Shuyu couldn't help but sigh, it's amazing, how old is this little cub, not to mention his talent, even this brain is not an ordinary thing, I really don't know if he was born so smart, or who taught it.
王叶真的很生气，如果不是他上辈子对精灵族仔细了解过，也不会知道精灵族可以元素化的事，但那是成年精灵族才能做到的，精灵幼崽不是不能元素化，但只能是极为微小的一部分。
Wang Ye was really angry, if he hadn't had a careful understanding of the elves in his previous life, he wouldn't have known that the elves could be elementalized, but that was something that an adult elf could do, and the elf cubs could not be elementalized, but they could only be an extremely small part.
而且元素化并不是持久的，有一定时间限制。金宝儿还小，他能整体元素化的时间更短。
And elementalization is not persistent and has a certain time limit. Kimbell is still young, and he can be elementalized in a shorter period of time.
王叶只要想到树雨如果途中稍微耽搁那么……不多，只要一天，金宝说不定就要活活闷死在储物戒指中，他就一阵强烈后怕。
Wang Ye only needs to think of the tree rain if it is slightly delayed on the way...... Not much, as long as one day, Jinbao may be suffocated to death in the storage ring, and he is strongly afraid.
这个小坑货可是他和雷木辛辛苦苦孵化出来的，又养了那么久，如果就这么死了，雷木肯定要伤心。
This little pit was hatched by him and Lei Mu with hard work, and they have been raised for so long, if they die like this, Lei Mu will definitely be sad.
“爸叽你个鬼！这事不是你撒娇就能过去的！你知不知道你这样做有多危险？”王叶用力戳着金宝儿的大脑袋，怒斥。
"Dad, you! It's not like you can get over this by being coquettish! Do you know how dangerous it is for you to do this? Wang Ye poked Jin Bao'er's head hard and scolded angrily.
“爸~叽，皮卡皮卡叽~”金宝儿哭诉，不怪他啊，谁让族里不让他出来，他怎么说，他们都不同意，他想要见到爸爸们呀，只能拼了，呜呜。
"Dad~Tsk, Pickup Pickup~" Jin Bao'er cried, don't blame him, who let the clan not let him come out, no matter what he said, they didn't agree, he wanted to see his fathers, so he could only fight, woo.
而且爸爸们不应该夸奖他吗？他做到了其他幼崽都做不到的事情呢。
And shouldn't dads praise him? He's done something that no other cub can't.
为了能让自己全身金属化，他这两个月不知道有多努力，他是全天下最努力最用功的精灵崽了！
In order to be able to metalize his whole body, he doesn't know how hard he has worked in the past two months, he is the hardest working and hardest working elf cub in the whole world!
“你还有理了？你想出来见我们，他们不让，你不会让人传话让我们去见你，我来想办法把你偷出来吗？”
"Are you still reasonable? You want to come out to meet us, they won't let you, you won't let people send us a message to see you, I'll find a way to steal you out? ”
树雨和树冬：喂喂，你就当着我们的面说要把精灵崽儿偷出来，真的好吗？
Shuyu and Shudong: Hey, you just said in front of us that you were going to steal the elf cubs, is it really okay?
金宝儿：“爸~叽~”下次就知道了。 Jin Bao'er: "Dad~Twitter~" I'll know next time.
“不准撒娇。这事没完！” "Don't be coquettish. It's not over! ”
“叽~”金宝儿趴在王叶手掌心中，一副死猪不怕开水烫随便你说的模样，反正他成功了，他见到小叶子爸爸了，相信很快也能见到雷木爸爸，他太厉害了，皮卡叽！
"Chirp~" Jin Bao'er lay in the palm of Wang Ye's palm, looking like a dead pig who is not afraid of boiling water to scald whatever you say, anyway, he succeeded, he saw Xiao Yezi's father, I believe that he will be able to see Lei Mu's father soon, he is too powerful, Pika!
王叶看小崽子不听训，拿出刚刚做好的思念糕片，在金宝儿鼻前晃了晃。
Wang Ye saw that the little cub didn't listen to the training, took out the freshly made miss cake slice, and shook it in front of Jin Bao'er's nose.
金宝儿闻到香味，大眼睛溜圆：好吃哒！ Jin Bao'er smelled the fragrance, and her big eyes were round: It's delicious!
王叶冷哼一声，咻地把糕片收起来：“你雷木爸爸说这两天要去看你，这本来就是给你做的，准备送给你。现在，没了！”
Wang Ye snorted coldly and put away the cake slices: "Your Lei Mu father said that he was going to see you in the next two days, and this was originally made for you, ready to be given to you." Now, it's gone! ”
金宝：“爸~叽？” Jinbao: "Dad~Huh? ”
王叶又咻地拿出一盒巧克力冰淇淋，非常坏心眼地挖了一点点让金宝舔了舔，又咻地收起来：“这个也是给你买的，现在也没了。”
Wang Ye took out a box of chocolate ice cream again, dug a little bit very badly for Jinbao to lick, and put it away again: "This one was also bought for you, and now it's gone." ”
“皮卡叽？”金宝眼泪都要冒出来了。小叶子爸爸还是跟以前一样坏坏哒，讨厌叽~！
"Pikachi?" Campbell's tears are about to burst forth. Xiao Yezi's father is still as bad as before, and he hates it~!
王叶又拿出一盒鲜奶蛋糕，这个金宝吃过，立刻就要扑上去。
Wang Ye took out another box of fresh milk cakes, this Jinbao had eaten it, and he was about to pounce on it immediately.
王叶咻地又收起来：“这个也没了，还有虫蜜水，还有玩具，还有动画片，统统都没了！”
Wang Ye put it away again: "This one is gone, there are still insect honey water, toys, and cartoons, all of them are gone!" ”
金宝不可置信地呆愣片刻，放声大哭。 Jinbao froze in disbelief for a moment, and cried loudly.
树雨和树冬：“……”这么看着一个人类小崽欺负他们精灵崽儿，好像不太好？
Shuyu and Shudong: "......" doesn't seem to be good to watch a human cub bully their elf cub like this?
但小金宝这次真的是做得太出格，也太危险。 But Xiao Jinbao really did too much and too dangerous this time.
树雨只要想到他路上稍微耽搁一下，或者没能顺利找到王叶，一个小崽儿极有可能就这么被他闷死在他的空间戒指里，他就……受不了受不了！
As long as Shu Yu thought that he was a little delayed on the way, or failed to find Wang Ye successfully, it was very likely that a little cub would be suffocated by him in his spatial ring, and he would ...... I can't stand it, I can't stand it!
树雨原本还很同情金宝，一想到金宝死在他戒指里的后果，心也硬了：这小东西就该好好教训！
Shu Yu was originally very sympathetic to Jinbao, but when he thought of the consequences of Jinbao's death in his ring, his heart hardened: this little thing should be taught a good lesson!
王叶还有很多事要问树雨，他不认为精灵战士突然出现在学校，就是单纯为了给他送金宝的礼物，他和雷木还没那么大的脸。
Wang Ye still has a lot to ask Shu Yu, he doesn't think that the sudden appearance of the elf warrior in the school is just to give him a gift of Jinbao, he and Lei Mu don't have such big faces.
但精灵战士显然比较吸引学生们注意，他们很多话也不方便说。
But the elven warriors obviously attracted the attention of the students, and many of their words were inconvenient to say.
“去我那里吧。” "Go to me."
“好啊。”树雨和树冬自然没意见，而且金宝儿还跟着王叶，他们把金宝带出来，肯定也要带回去。
"Okay." Shu Yu and Shu Dong naturally have no opinion, and Jin Bao'er is still following Wang Ye, they brought Jin Bao out, and they will definitely bring it back.
王叶操纵魔板飞到教务处打了个招呼，又带着树雨和树冬去了他的独栋小屋。
Wang Ye manipulated the magic board and flew to the academic affairs office to say hello, and then took Shu Yu and Shu Dong to his single-family cottage.
金宝就趴在王叶肩膀上，眉飞色舞地欣赏着一路风景。啊，他现在是自由的、回到爸爸们身边的宝宝了~，皮卡叽！
Jinbao was lying on Wang Ye's shoulder, and his eyebrows fluttered to enjoy the scenery all the way. Ah, he's now a free baby back to his dads~, Pikachi!
王叶也给雷木发了通知，并在心里呼唤他快点回来。 Wang Ye also sent a notice to Lei Mu, and called him to come back quickly in his heart.
进入小屋客厅，王叶才发现家里太空，不像是长期住人的样子，不过也无所谓了。
Entering the living room of the cottage, Wang Ye found that the space in the house did not look like a long-term resident, but it didn't matter.
王叶假装从空间储物工具里拿出茶点，请树雨和树冬品尝。
Wang Ye pretended to take out refreshments from the space storage tool and invited Shuyu and Shudong to taste it.
树雨喝了口还冒着热气的茶水，直接问道：“之前你拿出来的那个食物是专门给金宝做的吗？”
Shu Yu took a sip of the steaming tea, and asked directly, "Was the food you took out before specially made for Jinbao?" ”
王叶拿出一碟子思念糕：“你说这个？” Wang Ye took out a plate of missing cakes: "You said this?" ”
“对。”树雨和树冬的眼睛都种到思念糕上了，这魔食对他们精灵族的吸引力有点大。
"Yes." The eyes of Shuyu and Shudong were planted on the Missing Cake, and this magic food was a bit more attractive to their elves.
王叶看两精灵的神情，也没多想，很自然地道：“尝尝看？这是我给金宝儿做的小食，也不知道是不是适合其他精灵。”
Wang Ye didn't think much about the expressions of the two elves, and said naturally: "Taste it?" This is a snack I made for Kimbell, and I don't know if it's suitable for other elves. ”
金宝儿急：“皮卡叽！”我的都是我的！ Kimbella was anxious: "Pickup! "What's mine is mine!
王叶按住金宝：“我说了那些都没你的份了！” Wang Ye held down Jinbao: "I said that those are not your share!" ”
“皮卡叽！” "Pikachi!"
“再叫也没用。” "It's useless to scream."
金宝大怒，扑上去就去咬小叶子爸爸的脖子。 Jinbao was furious, and pounced on it to bite Xiao Yezi's father's neck.
他的牙齿可以轻易咬断金属，可在小叶子爸爸的脖子上却只留下一片口水。
His teeth could easily bite through the metal, but there was only a piece of saliva left on the neck of Xiao Yezi's father.
王叶嫌弃地把金宝抓下来，就要揍他的小屁屁。 Wang Ye grabbed Jinbao in disgust and was about to beat his little ass.
金宝挣脱，爬到王叶衣服上一阵乱挠。 Jin Bao broke free and crawled onto Wang Ye's clothes for a while.
树雨和树冬无视旁边父子俩（？）的互动，一起向思念糕伸出手。
Shuyu and Shudong ignored the father and son next to them (?) Together, they stretched out their hands to the missing cake.
“好吃。”咔嚓一声，树雨陶醉地眯起眼睛。而且这糕片好像不止好吃？
"It's delicious." With a click, Shuyu squinted his eyes in intoxication. And this cake seems to be more than delicious?
他看到了许久没有见到的母亲，不止如此，这糕片…… He saw his mother, whom he hadn't seen for a long time, and more than that, this cake slice ......
树冬吃了一片不够，又去拿第二片。 Shu Dong ate one piece and didn't eat enough, so he went to get the second piece.
树雨速度比他还快。这糕片看着不起眼，除了能让人产生幻觉见到亲人，竟然貌似还能改善和提高他们精灵族的资质？
The trees rain faster than he did. This cake looks inconspicuous, in addition to making people hallucinate to see their relatives, it seems that it can also improve and improve the qualifications of their elven race?
虽然不多，甚至微小的几乎察觉不到，但像树雨这样的战士，哪怕身体中有些微变化，他也能感觉得出来。
Although there are not many, even tiny ones that are almost imperceptible, but a warrior like Shuyu, even if there are slight changes in his body, he can feel it.
而且一片改善不大，多吃几片呢？ And one slice doesn't improve much, how many more slices?
两名精灵战士吃着吃着竟然抢起来。 The two elven warriors grabbed it while eating.
雷木回来的时候，就看到屋中四个生物打成一团，哦，正确说是两个精灵战士在抢最后一片思念糕，另外一对则是在玩你抓我跑的游戏。
When Raymu returned, he saw four creatures in the room in a mess, oh, to be precise, two elven warriors were grabbing the last piece of the miss cake, and the other pair was playing a game of catch me and run.
“金宝儿？” "Kimbella?"
“爸~叽~！”金宝飞快从王叶身上爬下来，一路冲向他的雷木爸爸。
"Dad~Twitter~!" Jinbao quickly climbed down from Wang Ye and rushed all the way to his father Lei Mu.
雷木听到金宝竟然也叫他爸爸，失笑，伸手托起小家伙。
When Lei Mu heard that Jinbao also called him Dad, he laughed and reached out to pick up the little one.
“爸~叽，爸~叽，皮卡皮卡叽！”金宝儿蹲到雷木手掌心就迫不及待地告状。
"Dad~Tuck, Dad~Tuck, Pickup Pickup!" Jin Bao'er squatted in the palm of Lei Mu's hand and couldn't wait to complain.
什么他刚到精灵族就遇到一只想要吸取他能量的坏精灵崽啦，还有他想回家那些大精灵不让啦，大精灵不顾他意愿强行把他送回金精灵族地啦，把他强行塞到有一群讨厌小鬼的育幼园里啦……
Why did he just meet a bad elf cub who wanted to absorb his energy when he first arrived at the elf clan, and the elves who wanted to go home refused to let him, and the elves forcibly sent him back to the golden elf clan against his will, and forcibly stuffed him into a nursery with a group of nasty imps......
金宝儿精明地没说半点他的丰功伟绩，更没说他是怎么欺负其他精灵幼崽的，他只说别的精灵幼崽欺负他，什么觊觎爸爸们送给他的食物和玩具啦，偷偷吃他的食物啦，联合到一起排斥他不跟他玩啦……
Kimbell shrewdly didn't say anything about his feats, let alone how he bullied the other elven cubs, he only said that other elven cubs bullied him, coveted the food and toys given to him by his fathers, secretly ate his food, and united to exclude him from playing with him......
最后金宝还哭唧唧地说他在精灵族吃坏了肚子，拉出了好多好多可怕的虫虫。
In the end, Jinbao also cried and said that he had eaten bad stomach in the elf clan and pulled out a lot of terrible insects.
看到混血精灵雷木回来，两只纯血精灵战士也不好意思再抢下去，主要是树冬没能抢过树雨。
Seeing the half-blood elf Lei Mu coming back, the two pure-blood elf warriors were embarrassed to grab it again, mainly because Shu Dong failed to grab Shu Yu.
树雨赢了，立刻就变回之前一半痞气一半正经的模样，还跟雷木点头打招呼。
Shu Yu won, and immediately changed back to his previous half-ruffian and half-serious appearance, and nodded to Lei Mu to say hello.
雷木听到金宝说他拉出好多小虫子，也没在意，还以为就是普通的寄生虫。
Lei Mu heard Jinbao say that he pulled out a lot of small bugs, but he didn't care, and thought they were ordinary parasites.
王叶却倏地抬起头。 Wang Ye raised his head suddenly.
“树雨队长，这话我也许不该问，但金宝就在精灵族，我担心他。精灵族地是不是出事了？还是你们无法解决，需要求助我们学校的事，对吗？”王叶开门见山地问道。
"Captain Shuyu, I probably shouldn't have asked, but Jinbao is in the Elven Clan, and I'm worried about him. Is something wrong with the Elven Lands? Or you can't solve it and need to turn to our school for help, right? Wang Ye asked straight to the point.
树雨干咳一声：“这事其实也没什么不能说的，你们都知道各族幼崽小时候肚子里很容易长寄生虫，我们精灵族也不例外，只不过以前发现寄生虫，只要吃药都能打下去，但是这次的寄生虫好像变异了，以前从没有见过。除了金宝吃了你送给他的打虫药，好运地打出了虫子，其他幼崽不管吃什么打虫药都没效果，有效果的也只是喊肚子疼，但拉不出来。”
Shu Yu coughed dryly: "There is actually nothing that can't be said about this, you all know that cubs of all races are prone to parasites in their stomachs when they are young, and our elven clan is no exception, but parasites have been found before, and they can be beaten as long as they take medicine, but this time the parasites seem to have mutated, and they have never seen it before." Except for Jinbao who ate the insecticide you gave him and was lucky enough to hit the worm, the other cubs had no effect no matter what insecticide they ate, and those who did only shouted that they had a stomachache, but they couldn't pull it out. ”
王叶：“……” Wang Ye: "......"
树雨叹息道：“后来我们族里的大祭司看了那些小崽的肚子，说他们肚子里长了虫，责令族里药师尽快研制出打虫药。可是……也不知怎么回事，那么多厉害的药师啊，竟然没有一个能解决问题。”
Shuyu sighed: "Later, the high priest of our clan looked at the stomachs of those cubs and said that they had worms in their stomachs, and ordered the pharmacists of the clan to develop insect fighting medicine as soon as possible. But...... I don't know what's going on, there are so many powerful pharmacists, and none of them can solve the problem. ”
王叶忽然道：“木系的精灵药师也没办法吗？” Wang Ye suddenly said, "Isn't there anything about the elf pharmacist of the wood system?" ”
树雨和树冬脸色有一瞬间的不自然。 Shu Yu and Shu Dong's faces were unnatural for a moment.
王叶心里了然。上辈子就有传说，说是精灵族的木系出了问题，甚至后来精灵族被寄生虫族打败，被迫离开族地，也有说法就是因为木系精灵缺乏，才导致精灵族不能相辅相成，也不能从根本解决寄生虫族的问题。
Wang Ye knew it in his heart. There is a legend in the previous life, saying that there was a problem with the wood system of the elf race, and even later the elf race was defeated by the parasitic insect race and was forced to leave the clan land.
精灵族最厉害的药师还是木系，传说木系精灵族药师有好几位药王，就是药圣也有过。
The most powerful pharmacist of the elf clan is still the wood system, and legend has it that there are several medicine kings of the wood elf pharmacist, even the medicine saint.
但王叶也不清楚精灵族木系精灵到底出了什么事，这事在精灵族内部也讳莫如深，哪怕后来精灵族战败溃散，也极少有精灵族谈论到木系的事。
But Wang Ye didn't know what happened to the elves of the elven clan's wood system, and this matter was also kept secret within the elf clan, even if the elven clan was defeated and dispersed later, very few elves talked about the wood system.
“总之，这次的变异寄生虫挺厉害，我们的药师没办法，只能试试看跟人族这边求助。其实要我说，他们何必舍近求远？小家伙，你给金宝送来的打虫药是谁做的？能找他再做一些吗？”树雨以为自己很自然地转换了话题，但雷木和王叶都听出了其中生硬。
"In short, the mutant parasite this time is very powerful, and our pharmacist has no choice but to try to ask the Terran for help. In fact, if you want me to say, why should they go far and near? Little one, who made the insecticide you sent to Jinbao? Can you ask him to do some more? Shu Yu thought that he had naturally changed the subject, but Lei Mu and Wang Ye both heard the stiffness.
王叶也就顺着树雨的意思转换话题道：“那些打虫药就是我做的，你们想要？”
Wang Ye also changed the topic according to Shuyu's meaning: "Those insect medicines are made by me, do you want them?" ”
树雨惊讶：“你做的？” Shuyu was surprised: "You did it?" ”
树雨差点脱口说出你才多大。 Shuyu almost blurted out how old you are.
“是啊。但我不知道我做的打虫药是不是对你们精灵幼崽肚子里的寄生虫有效。最好能让我见到是什么虫子，或者让我见到生了虫子的幼崽也行。”王叶说着就把金宝从雷木手心里抓了过去。
"yes. But I don't know if the deworming medicine I made is effective against the parasites in the stomachs of your elf cubs. It's best if I can see what kind of bug it is, or let me see the baby that has a bug. As he spoke, Wang Ye grabbed Jinbao from Lei Mu's palm.
他要好好给金宝检查一番！ He's going to give Jinbao a good check!
第127章 打虫药 Chapter 127: Insect Fighting
树雨告诉王叶，他们的药师助手带了一条新型寄生虫过来，已经交给魔药学院的教授。精灵崽儿没带，因为幼崽小的时候都比较脆弱。
Shu Yu told Wang Ye that their pharmacist assistant had brought a new type of parasite over and had handed it over to the professor of the Potions Academy. The elven cubs were not brought with them, because the cubs were more fragile when they were young.
树雨说到这里还特意看向金宝儿，精灵族内像金宝这样健康又皮实的幼崽真心不多。
Shuyu said this and deliberately looked at Jinbao'er, there are really not many healthy and skinny cubs like Jinbao in the elf clan.
“就原来那种打虫药，我想跟你求三颗。”树雨已经从金宝那里了解到他当初一口气吃了三颗糖丸。
"As for the original anti-insect medicine, I want to ask you for three." Shuyu had already learned from Jinbao that he had taken three sugar pills in one go.
王叶：“你就这么相信我？” Wang Ye: "You just believe in me like that?" ”
树雨吐口气，毫不犹豫地点头。 Shuyu exhaled and nodded without hesitation.
他又不是傻子，这小孩从言谈举止都能看出绝不是普通小孩，而且他说话，比他大得多的混血精灵雷木就没插口，这表示什么？当然是信任小孩能处理好这件事。
He is not a fool, this child can be seen from his speech and demeanor that he is by no means an ordinary child, and when he speaks, the half-blood elf Lei Mu, who is much older than him, does not interject, what does this mean? Of course, trust the child to handle this matter.
而且金宝被这对兄弟养得比族内精心养育的小崽还要健康，这能简单吗？
And Jinbao was raised by the brothers to be healthier than the cubs carefully raised in the clan, can this be simple?
再说，他刚才才吃了人家炼制的魔食。只凭那魔食的效果，他就相信这小崽真能炼制出有效的打虫药。
Besides, he just ate the demon food that someone else refined. With the effect of the demon food alone, he believed that this little cub could really refine an effective insect fighting medicine.
就算原先的打虫药没用了，他相信吃了也不会有什么害处。
Even if the original insecticide was useless, he believed that there would be no harm in taking it.
况且能把精灵崽儿送回来，还让精灵崽儿这么依恋的人，怎么也不会是坏人。
Besides, the person who can send the elf cub back, and make the elf cub so attached, will not be a bad person.
虽然这不是绝对，但树雨的战士直觉告诉他：这两人可以结交，也可以信任。
Although this is not absolute, Shuyu's warrior instinct tells him: these two can be befriended and trusted.
【任务发布：土系精灵战士树雨委托玩家隔壁小王炼制打虫药，希望能解决族内精灵幼崽肚内生寄生虫的问题。任务完成，奖励五万点经验值。请问玩家隔壁小王是否接受这个任务？】
[Mission release: Shu Yu, an earth-based elf warrior, entrusts the player next door to Xiao Wang to refine the anti-insect medicine, hoping to solve the problem of parasites in the belly of the elf cubs in the clan. Completing the mission rewards 50,000 XP points. Does the player next door accept this task? 】
五万点？！王叶差点跳起来。接！当然接，死都要接下来！
50,000 points?! Wang Ye almost jumped up. Pick up! Of course, death will follow!
他现在已经可以确定了，这个破游戏明显偏向精灵族，只要有关于到精灵族的任务，给出的报酬都十分丰厚。
He can now be sure that this broken game is obviously biased towards the elves, and as long as there are tasks related to the elves, the rewards are very generous.
不过也有可能多系精灵族对这个世界很重要？ But is it also possible that the multi-lineage elves are important to this world?
王叶现在也只有朦朦胧胧的一丁点感悟，没多想。 Wang Ye only had a dim understanding now, and he didn't think much about it.
“给你。”这种打虫药王叶还有一些备用的货，拿出一瓶三颗抛给树雨。
"Here you go." This kind of insecticidal medicine king leaf still has some spare goods, take out a bottle of three and throw it to Shu Yu.
“谢了。”树雨接过，又抛回一个小袋子。 "Thank you." Shu Yu took it and threw back a small bag.
王叶打开袋子，看里面有三枚标准魔晶，还算满意。 Wang Ye opened the bag and saw that there were three standard magic crystals inside, and he was quite satisfied.
树冬看向树雨，欲言又止。 Shu Dong looked at Shu Yu and stopped talking.
他知道树雨有个年龄幼小的弟弟，是树雨父母战死后，树雨亲手孵化出来，树雨十分疼爱这个弟弟。
He knew that Shuyu had a young brother, who was hatched by Shuyu himself after Shuyu's parents died in the war, and Shuyu loved this younger brother very much.
而树雨不可能把药效未知的打虫药随便塞给一个精灵幼崽让他试药，那么最后服用这三颗药丸的精灵幼崽只有树雨的弟弟树小风。
And it is impossible for Shu Yu to randomly stuff the insect fighting medicine with unknown effect to an elf cub for him to test the medicine, so the elf cub who took these three pills in the end is only Shu Yu's younger brother Shu Xiaofeng.
树雨坦然道：“我相信这个小家伙。” Shuyu said calmly: "I believe in this little guy. ”
树冬最终没说什么。 Shu Dong didn't say anything in the end.
王叶开始专心给金宝做检查。 Wang Ye began to concentrate on examining Jinbao.
检查结果告诉王叶，金宝身体内是没有寄生虫了，但因为这小家自己作死，导致健康的身体内部出现了一点问题。
The results of the examination told Wang Ye that there were no parasites in Jinbao's body, but because the little family died by himself, there was a little problem inside the healthy body.
金宝在还是婴儿状态下强行全身元素化，导致身体出现了一些暗伤，甚至有点损伤资质根本，这就像是提前消耗了潜力一般。
Jinbao forcibly elementalized his whole body when he was still a baby, resulting in some dark injuries on his body, and even some damage to his qualifications, which is like consuming his potential in advance.
小崽儿就是这么没数，压根就不知道肆意妄行的后果。 The little cub just didn't count, and he didn't know the consequences of his reckless behavior.
怎么办？只有当爹的给他擦屁股了。 What to do? Only when Daddy wiped his ass.
王叶眉头一拧：当爹？呸！金宝才不是他儿子，他这辈子只养三个娃，他师父、他姑姑、还有他的木木。
Wang Ye frowned: Be a father? Bah! Jin Baocai is not his son, he only raised three babies in his life, his master, his aunt, and his Mumu.
不是儿子那就是讨债鬼吧。 It's not a son, it's a debt collector.
王叶抓住小金宝，疾言厉色地把他全身元素化的大胆行为又狠狠批评了一顿，重点指明他愚蠢地给自己留下了暗伤。
Wang Ye grabbed Xiao Jinbao and sharply criticized his bold behavior of elementalization all over his body, emphasizing that he had stupidly left a secret wound on himself.
树雨一听金宝留下了暗伤，神色也变得严肃。 When Shuyu heard that Jinbao had left a dark wound, his expression became serious.
王叶使用治疗之力在金宝儿身体里转了一圈又一圈，嘴上还不忘骂道：“如果没人帮你调理，你就带着这一身暗伤继续修炼，然后暗伤再累积暗伤，不到成年，你就废了信不信？”
Wang Ye used the power of healing to turn around in Jin Bao'er's body, and he didn't forget to scold: "If no one helps you recuperate, you will continue to cultivate with this body of secret injuries, and then the secret injuries will accumulate secret injuries, and before you reach adulthood, you will be abolished Believe it or not?" ”
“皮卡叽~”感到身体里有舒服的能量流过，金宝讨好地用大脑袋蹭王叶的手指。
"Pikaji~" Feeling a comfortable flow of energy in his body, Jinbao flatteringly rubbed Wang Ye's fingers with his big head.
王叶不为所动：“就算为了来见我和你雷木爸爸也不值得。你是精灵族，你才刚出生不到半年，精灵族幼崽期漫长，你最正确的做法就是待在金精灵族地好好吸收那边的养分，好好争夺你该有的机缘，只有精灵族才知道怎么样更好地养育精灵族，并告诉你变得更强大的方法。只是血脉传承可不如有关心你的精灵手把手教得好。”
Wang Ye was unmoved: "Even if it is to come to see me and your father Lei Mu, it is not worth it." You are an elf, you have only been born for less than half a year, the elf cub period is long, the most correct thing for you to do is to stay in the golden elf clan to absorb the nutrients over there, and compete for the opportunity you deserve, only the elf clan knows how to raise the elf clan better, and tells you the way to become stronger. It's just that the bloodline inheritance is not as good as the elves who care about you. ”
树雨一愣：血脉传承？ Shuyu was stunned: bloodline inheritance?
“皮卡皮卡叽~”金宝振振有词。 "Pickup pickup~" Jinbao vibrated with words.
王叶嘴角翘起一点，却仍旧拉着一张凶脸：“没错，我和雷木是能把你养得很好，那是我们能力强大，普通人自然无法跟我们比，你小子也就是幸运，才会落到我们手上。但是！这不是你放弃你应得的资源，跑来啃我和你雷木爸爸的理由。”
The corners of Wang Ye's mouth curled up a little, but he still pulled a fierce face: "That's right, Lei Mu and I can raise you very well, that is because we are powerful, ordinary people naturally can't compare with us, you kid is lucky, it will fall into our hands." But! That's not a reason for you to give up the resources you deserve and run to gnaw on me and your Daddy Remu. ”
金宝抬起头。 Jinbao looked up.
王叶苦口婆心地教育他：“你也不想想我和你雷木爸爸养你要费多少资源，现在有人愿意肯免费出大笔资源培养你，你还逃跑？我要是你，我就在族地里把资源捞个够够，如果有多的，你还能送回点孝敬我和你雷木爸爸。我把你送回精灵族，又没说就此和你断绝关系，你怎么这么笨呢？”
Wang Ye painstakingly educated him: "You don't want to think about how much resources it costs me and your Lei Mu father to raise you, and now someone is willing to give a large amount of resources to train you for free, and you still run away?" If I were you, I would get enough resources in the clan land, and if there were more, you could send back some filial piety to me and your father Lei Mu. I sent you back to the elves, and I didn't say that I would cut ties with you, why are you so stupid? ”
“皮卡叽！”金宝听小叶子爸爸一段话，顿时打开了一扇新的大门，它的精灵生将就此走上辉煌？
树雨和树冬两位精灵战士：“……”我们就坐在旁边呢，你们父子俩是不是把我们忘了？
雷木眼见王叶越说越不像话，金宝儿还一副听进去的小样，赶紧走过来，揉揉王小叶的脑袋，打岔道：“金宝的暗伤，你有办法解决吗？”
树雨和树冬也看向王叶，不是他们不相信王叶的能力，实在是对方太小。
王叶轻哼，昂起头：“能认识我，是这个小讨债鬼的幸运。”
如果是三个月前，他没有学会魔法制药，想要解决金宝的暗伤问题，还得多费一番手脚，说不得还要浪费他宝贵的无垢洗髓液和大量虫蜜。
但自从学会魔法制药，他才知道自己以前有多浪费，他手上那些药材都是别人求都求不来的至宝，他却大手脚地随便用，如果使用魔法制药，那需要的药材用量就会少很多。
不过也就因为他舍得在家人身上消耗，金宝和雷木才都被他养得健健康康。
他姑姑也得到了他带回去的一些适合她体质的药丸，不但人看着更年轻了几岁，就是精神方面也更加稳定。
魔法药剂，顾名思义其实就是利用魔力来制作药物的一种方式。
王叶操纵的不是魔力，而是因果之力，但他修了“异术与魔法的区别和结合”这门课，这门课专门讲解的就是如何把异术能量当做魔力使用。
再往深处学，就是讲如何把魔力转换为自己需要的异术，或反过来把异术能量转换为魔力。
这门课程对于王叶来说非常实用，也是他目前为止投入心力最高的一门学科。
他在利用因果之力制作魔法药剂时，还发现了一点很有意思的现象，那就是他的药剂除了杂质极低以外，还几乎不含有任何负面能量。
虽然没有多少人在乎，但实际上你在采集药草、使用其他生物的身体一部分作为药材时，这些原材料身上多少都带了一点怨气，食材同样。
但奇妙的是经过王叶的手，这些负面能量不但消失，还转化为了更积极的能量，这让王叶制作的药剂效果和魔食效果也出奇得好，食用的人也会觉得特别舒服。
王叶暂时还想不通其中的道理，只当做是他修行因果之力的一个附加能力。
话扯回来，金宝的暗伤对于别人来说会很麻烦，就是交给精灵族药师也一样。理由很简单，就是金宝儿太小，很多药效太强的养身药，他根本吃不消。如果是温和的，想要起到效用，则会花上漫长时间。
但王叶擅长制作药浴药，尤其他还有对精灵族似乎有不小好处的虫蜜，相信经过他亲手调制的泡澡药，会很温和地把金宝给重新调养回来。
王叶使用【生生不息】先给金宝儿调养了一遍，这才把他丢到一边，和树雨继续谈正事。
“两位如果不介意，可以让我给你们也看看吗？”王叶道。
树雨不解：“看什么？”
“看你们肚子里有没有虫。”王叶正儿八经道。
树雨失笑：“我们是成年精灵，早吃过打虫药，又日常修炼，身体里不说特别干净，但那些只会欺负小崽的寄生虫想要留下来，基本不可能。”
王叶淡淡道：“事无绝对。手伸出来吧，你们不怕肚子里有虫子，我还怕你们把虫子继续传染给金宝。”
树雨听王叶这么说，也没怎么生气，站在父亲的立场，那肯定是怎么小心都不够。
“行吧，那就麻烦你给我们看看了，要怎么看？”
“手腕伸出来就行。我会送能量进入你们体内，不要抵抗。”
王叶花了点时间和能量分别查看了树雨和树冬两人，他查看得很仔细。
结果不算太糟糕，这两人身体里都没有智慧寄生虫族的影子。
但王叶并没有因此轻忽精灵族幼崽的寄生虫事件。
他总觉得这里面有点不对劲，精灵族就算没有了木系药师，其他各系药师也不是干吃饭的，怎么可能连普通的寄生虫都无法解决？
王叶很想看看那条新型寄生虫，可惜听树雨的意思，那虫子已经被魔药学院的教授们带走，他一个杂学院九班的学生跑过去说要看看那虫子，教授们说不定以为他是来捣乱的。
他在药学方面是很厉害，包括其他知识掌握得也不少，但他的年龄是硬伤。
儿童的身份给了他很多便利，但同样也让人不信任他。
没见他都提供了有效的打虫药，那些精灵族药师都没来找他，不就是下意识觉得一个刚入学的八岁小孩子不可能拿出好东西吗？
可能在那些精灵药师眼里，金宝能打下虫子就是他运气好，被寄生时间不长。
王叶也无所谓精灵族药师是否在乎他的打虫药，他甚至无所谓未来精灵族会变成什么样。
但金宝儿却和精灵族有了联系，还有雷木。而且他和寄生虫族基本是不死不休，就算他想放过寄生虫族，智慧寄生虫族也不会放过他。
But Kimbell has a connection with the elves, as well as Lei Mu. And he and the parasite are basically endless, even if he wants to let the parasite go, the wisdom parasite will not let him go.
雷木像是感应到了他的情绪，在他身后站定，手掌放在了他肩膀上，同时向他传出了一股支持的意思。
As if sensing his emotion, Raimu stood behind him, his palm resting on his shoulder, and at the same time sent him a wave of support.
王叶眼睛里满生喜悦，他是个自私的人，他很高兴雷木选择站在他这一边。
Wang Ye's eyes were full of joy, he was a selfish person, and he was glad that Lei Mu chose to be on his side.
不过他也不会让木木为难，更不会让金宝儿那个讨债鬼失去祖宗族地，从此赖他们一辈子。
However, he will not embarrass Mu Mu, let alone let Jin Bao'er, the debt collector, lose his ancestral clan land, and rely on them for the rest of his life.
“说到寄生虫，其实我和雷木在赶来陨星城的途中，曾经遇到一种很特殊的寄生虫族，我们称它们为智慧寄生虫族。因为……”
"Speaking of parasites, in fact, on the way to Meteorite City, Lei Mu and I once encountered a very special kind of parasite, we call them intelligent parasites. Because ......"
王叶开口，跟讲故事一般，把他们在囚犯岛遇到智慧寄生虫族的事大概说了说。
Wang Ye opened his mouth, like telling a story, and roughly told them about their encounter with the Wisdom Parasite Zerg on Prisoner Island.
金宝都听得全神贯注。 Jinbao listened attentively.
两名精灵战士一起露出不可置信的神色，他们不相信小小一只虫子竟然能和任何生物体轻易融合，还能赋予原本没有能力的生物体出现特别能力，更能直接吞噬寄宿主的灵魂，最后连生命形态都彻底改变。
The two elven warriors looked incredulous together, they didn't believe that a small bug could easily merge with any living organism, and it could also give special abilities to organisms that were originally incapable, and even directly devour the soul of the host, and finally even the life form was completely changed.
树雨反应极快：“你不会认为我们精灵族出现的新型寄生虫和你们见到的智慧型寄生虫族有关系吧？”
Shu Yu reacted very quickly: "You don't think that the new parasites that appeared in our elven race have anything to do with the intelligent parasites you have seen, right?" ”
王叶摊手：“我只是听到寄生虫这个词，产生了联想而已，至于两边的寄生虫是否有关联，我就不知道了。这事得你们自己调查。”
树雨虽然不相信那什么智慧寄生虫族能寄生精灵族，但小心无大错，他记下了此事，打算回去好好查一查。
一直没怎么说话的树冬忽然开口：“你之前说这种智慧寄生虫包括它们的卵，一旦寄生，就会变得很难消除？”
王叶：“对。”
“如果幼崽肚子里的新型寄生虫真的和智慧寄生虫族有关系，那么它们怎么会被你的打虫药轻易打下来？”树冬又忙道：“我不是怀疑你，我只是死活想不通这点。”
王叶笑，快要忘了他的小孩人设，直接道：“我也很好奇这点。在没有见到那些寄生虫之前，我有两个推测。”
王叶竖起两根手指：“推测一，假设那些普通寄生虫就是普通的寄生虫，和智慧寄生虫族没有任何关系。那我的打虫药能把它们打下来，就实属正常。但这里会产生一个疑问，就是精灵族那么多厉害药师，怎么可能连打普通寄生虫的打虫药都弄不出来？”
“推测二，假设那些寄生虫真的和智慧寄生虫族有关，这就可以解释为什么精灵族药师拿这些寄生虫无可奈何，因为这是完全的新品种，普通打虫药根本无法逼出它们。但这里又产生一个疑问，就是为什么我的打虫药会对新型寄生虫有效？”
“对啊，为什么呢？”树冬呢喃。
王叶偏头，笑嘻嘻地说：“因为我厉害啊，因为我的打虫药与普通打虫药不一样啊。”
树雨按住树冬，又露出了痞痞的笑容：“小家伙，我承认你聪明，别逗大哥哥了，快告诉我们，你的打虫药到底哪里不一样？难道是你之前对付那些智慧寄生虫族积累了经验，知道了它们的弱点？”
王叶扯了扯唇角：“我确实知道它们一点弱点，但智慧寄生虫族会不断进化，现在是弱点，将来不一定就是弱点。这个现在的弱点我可以告诉你们，你们可以拿去试你们怀疑有可能被寄生的对象。不过我需要事先说明，这种材料对普通生物的身体有一定害处，对强大的成年精灵的害处可以忽略不计，但对精灵幼崽就难说了。”
Wang Ye tugged at the corners of his lips: "I do know that they have a little weakness, but the intelligent parasitic zerg will continue to evolve, it is a weakness now, and it will not necessarily be a weakness in the future." I can tell you about this current weakness, and you can use it to test the object you suspect may be parasitized. However, I need to explain in advance that this material is harmful to the bodies of ordinary creatures, and the harm to powerful adult elves is negligible, but it is difficult to say about elven cubs. ”
“是什么材料？” "What is the material?"
王叶毫无隐瞒地说道：“石棉。” Wang Ye said without concealment: "Asbestos." ”
树雨恍然大悟：“难不成你的打虫药里就含有这种药材？”
Shu Yu suddenly realized: "Could it be that your insect fighting medicine contains this medicinal material?" ”
“对，任何物质都有可能成为药材，只看你会不会用？我在打虫药里使用石棉粉末只是一个防备手段，如果有人感染智慧寄生虫族，感染时间不长的话，也许还有把寄生虫逼出体外的可能。如果只是普通寄生虫，那除石棉以外的药物会把虫子打下来，而石棉成分会跟着那些虫子和秽物一起排出，也不会伤害幼崽的身体。”
"Yes, any substance can become a medicinal herb, just see if you can use it? The use of asbestos powder in my insecticides is just a precaution, and if someone is infected with the intelligent parasite, if the infection is not long, there may be a possibility that the parasite will be forced out of the body. If it is just an ordinary parasite, then the medicine other than asbestos will knock the worm down, and the asbestos component will be excreted with the bugs and filth, and will not harm the body of the cub. ”
“原来如此！”谜底解开，两名精灵战士都大为振奋。 "I see!" The mystery was solved, and both elven warriors were excited.
“既然你说的石棉对金宝肚子里的寄生虫有效，那不就是说我们族里那些幼崽感染的寄生虫很可能和智慧寄生虫族有关？”树冬担心无比。
"Since you said that asbestos is effective against the parasites in Jinbao's stomach, doesn't that mean that the parasites infected by those cubs in our clan are likely to be related to the intelligent parasites?" Shu Dong was very worried.
树雨也变了脸色，他想到了他弟树小风。现在只希望王叶给他的打虫药能打出他弟肚子里那些小虫子。
Shu Yu's face also changed, and he thought of his younger brother Shu Xiaofeng. Now I only hope that the insect medicine given to him by Wang Ye can hit those little bugs in his brother's stomach.
王叶做了个他也无法确定的手势。 Wang Ye made a gesture that he couldn't be sure of.
“查！这件事必须查到底。如果那些寄生虫真的和那什么智慧寄生虫族有关，那就表示有智慧寄生虫族已经混入我精灵族地。”树雨腾地站起，他要把这件事尽快传回族里。
"Check! This matter must be investigated to the end. If those parasites are really related to the intelligent parasites, it means that the intelligent parasites have mixed into my elven land. Shu Yu stood up, he wanted to bring this matter back to the clan as soon as possible.
雷木忽然道：“稍等。” Lei Mu suddenly said, "Wait a minute. ”
几人一起看向他。 Several people looked at him together.
雷木冷静地道：“智慧寄生虫族已经进入精灵族地的事只是我们在这里的推测，我们、还有你们都没有任何证据。而且根据智慧寄生虫族的特性，对方一旦寄生了某个精灵，可能周围精灵都无法察觉。那么你们怎么敢保证你们汇报的精灵还是原来那个？”
Lei Mu said calmly: "The fact that the Wisdom Parasite Zerg has entered the land of the Elven Race is just our speculation here, and neither we nor you have any evidence. Moreover, according to the characteristics of the intelligent parasitic zerg, once the other party parasitizes a certain elf, the surrounding elves may not be able to detect it. So how dare you guarantee that the elf you report is still the same one? ”
“就算你们的顶头上司是，更上面的呢？或者你们的伙伴中有谁已经不再是原来那个精灵了呢？这件事不适合大张旗鼓，如果精灵族里真的有智慧寄生虫族，这只会让对方更警觉，潜伏得更深，或者干脆就对精灵族下某种毒手，比如对幼崽出手。到时你们怎么办？”
"Even if your immediate boss is, what about the higher? Or who among your companions is no longer the same elf that used to be? This matter is not suitable for fanfare, if there are really intelligent parasites in the elves, this will only make the other party more alert, lurk deeper, or simply do some kind of poison to the elves, such as shooting at the cubs. What will you do then? ”
雷木真心建议道：“不如你们暗中寻找你们可以确定没有被寄生的精灵，也让对方谨慎行事，再想法联系到精灵王，暗中检查精灵全族，悄悄地确定怀疑对象，再一次性把所有被寄生者一网打尽。”
Lei Mu sincerely suggested: "It is better for you to secretly look for the elves that you can be sure that are not parasitized, and let the other party act cautiously, and then think of contacting the elf king, secretly checking the entire elf clan, quietly identifying the object of suspicion, and once all the parasites are wiped out." ”
树雨深吸气，用力揉搓俊美的脸孔：“你说得对，我先冷静冷静。”
Shu Yu took a deep breath and rubbed his handsome face vigorously: "You're right, I'll calm down first." ”
王叶拿起水壶，给两名精灵战士倒水。 Wang Ye picked up the kettle and poured water for the two elven warriors.
树雨在客厅里走来走去，他脑中想了很多。 Shuyu walked around the living room, thinking a lot in his head.
他甚至联想到族里的药师和药师学徒会忽略王叶给出的打虫药，宁可绕个弯子去找陨星的魔药教授们，会不会就是因为那些药师和药师助手们中已经有谁被寄生？而他们特意绕过最有可能救助幼崽的王叶，其实是为了拖延时间，好让智慧寄生虫族在精灵族内泛滥？
He even thought that the pharmacists and pharmacist apprentices in the clan would ignore the insecticidal medicine given by Wang Ye, and would rather go around the bend to find the Potions professors of the Falling Star, could it be because of who among those pharmacists and pharmacist assistants was already parasitized? And they deliberately bypassed Wang Ye, who was most likely to rescue the cubs, in fact, in order to delay time, so that the wisdom parasitic Zerg would flood within the elven race?
树雨越想越可怕，连同来的几个精灵，除了树冬以外，都不敢相信了，自然也不敢把王叶告诉他们的事转告他们，更不敢跟他们提王叶手中的打虫药很可能真有效的事。
The more Shu Yu thought about it, the more terrifying it became, and the few elves who came, except for Shu Dong, couldn't believe it, and naturally they didn't dare to tell them what Wang Ye told them, let alone mention to them that the insect medicine in Wang Ye's hand was probably really effective.
树雨走了好一会儿，总算平静下来。 The tree rain walked for a while, and finally calmed down.
“树冬？” "Shudong?"
“队长，我明白。这事只有我们俩知道，回去后，你负责此事，除非你要求，否则我不会把我现在知道的事情告诉任何精灵。”树冬严肃道。
"Captain, I understand. This is known only to the two of us, and when you get back, you will be in charge of the matter, and I will not tell any of the elves what I know now unless you ask for it. Shudong said solemnly.
树雨拍了拍树冬的肩膀，又对雷木和王叶说：“感激的话我就不说了，这事不是小事，我得回族里一趟。另外，关于石棉的事，我可以告诉我们族里的药师吗？我是指可靠的。”
Shu Yu patted Shu Dong's shoulder, and said to Lei Mu and Wang Ye: "I won't say anything if I'm grateful, this matter is not a trivial matter, I have to go back to the clan." Also, about asbestos, can I tell the medicine man in my clan? I mean reliable. ”
“当然可以。智慧寄生虫族的阴谋很可能关系到整个双月星，我隐瞒什么也不会隐瞒它们的弱点。”王小叶满脸正义凛然地说道。
"Absolutely. The conspiracy of the intelligent parasitic zerg is likely to affect the entire Twin Moon Stars, and I will hide nothing from their weaknesses. Wang Xiaoye said with a righteous face.
真实……他心疼极了，他原还想过要拿这个消息换点资源。算了，就当给自己积德吧，这世上智慧寄生虫族越少，他和木木他们就越安全。
Authentic...... He was very distressed, he had thought about exchanging this news for some resources. Forget it, just accumulate virtue for yourself, the fewer intelligent parasites in this world, the safer he and Mu Mu will be.
【恭喜！玩家隔壁小王主动告知精灵族，智慧寄生虫族的弱点之一是石棉一事，极有可能避免精灵族一场近在眼前的祸事，加上之前送回精灵族幼崽的善意，玩家隔壁小王在土系精灵族的好感度达到友好。世界声望值500。】
[Congratulations! Xiao Wang next door to the player took the initiative to inform the elves that one of the weaknesses of the intelligent parasitic zerg is the asbestos incident, which is very likely to avoid an imminent disaster for the elves, coupled with the kindness of the elven cubs sent back before, the favorability of the little king next door to the player in the earth elf clan has reached a friendly level. World Fame is 500. 】
王叶并不怎么高兴，哪怕树雨和树冬都用一副欣赏和欣慰的表情看着他。
Wang Ye was not very happy, even if Shuyu and Shudong looked at him with an expression of appreciation and relief.
树雨更是极为热情地一把抱住他，用劲揉搓他的头毛，不住道：“好兄弟！以后你和雷木就是我树雨的亲兄弟！金宝就是我大侄子！等他跟我回去，我让我弟和他一块儿玩。”
Shuyu hugged him with great enthusiasm, rubbed his hair vigorously, and kept saying, "Good brother! In the future, you and Lei Mu will be my brothers! Jinbao is my eldest nephew! When he comes back with me, I'll let my brother play with him. ”
金宝：“皮卡叽？” Jinbao: "Pikaza? ”
金宝撒腿就蹿，雷木爸爸救命啊，他才不要回去精灵族！
Jinbao jumped on his legs, Father Lei Mu helped, he didn't want to go back to the elf clan!
第128章 两种打虫药 Chapter 128: Two Insect Fighting Pills
雷木伸手抄起金宝放在自己肩膀上。 Remu reached out and picked up the golden treasure and placed it on his shoulder.
“金宝儿暂时还是留在我们这里吧，等精灵族内的寄生虫问题解决了，我们再送他回去。”
"Jinbao'er should stay with us for the time being, and when the parasite problem in the elf clan is solved, we will send him back."
金宝儿用力点头，对对对。 Kimbell nodded vigorously, yes, yes, yes.
树雨犹豫，他很想把精灵崽接回族地，但雷木说得也对，如果智慧寄生虫族真的入侵了精灵族，现在精灵族地还真不是很安全。
Shuyu hesitated, he really wanted to take the elf cub back to the clan land, but Lei Mu was right, if the wisdom parasite Zerg really invaded the elf clan, the elf land was really not very safe now.
树冬没有插话，一副事情都交给队长处理的模样。 Shudong didn't interject, and looked like he was leaving everything to the captain to deal with.
王叶理了理被揉乱的头发，没好气地道：“先留下吧，小家伙身体里的暗伤还没解决，我知道你们的药师很强大，也能为金宝调理，但谁也不知道智慧寄生虫族有没有寄生谁，如果金宝运气不好，恰巧落在哪个变异体手里，那就麻烦了。”
Wang Ye straightened the messy hair, and said angrily: "Let's stay first, the dark wound in the little guy's body has not been solved yet, I know that your pharmacist is very powerful and can also regulate Jinbao, but no one knows if the wisdom parasitic Zerg has parasitic anyone, if Jinbao is unlucky and happens to fall into the hands of which mutant, it will be troublesome." ”
雷木：“就当金宝回来探望养父，我们就在陨星，也不会带着金宝跑掉，你们想找随时都能找到我们。”
Lei Mu: "Just when Jinbao comes back to visit his adoptive father, we will be in the meteor, and we will not run away with Jinbao, you can find us at any time if you want to." ”
树雨被说服了，主要是他关心幼崽，如果有可能，他希望把他弟也从族地转移出来，直到族内真正安全，但那显然不可能，那么金宝有个更安全的地方可以待，为什么不让他留在这里？
Shuyu was convinced, mainly because he cared about the cubs, and if it was possible, he wanted to transfer his brother out of the clan land until the clan was really safe, but that was obviously impossible, so Jinbao had a safer place to stay, why not let him stay here?
金宝看树雨打消了带他回去的想法，小爪子力气一松，软软地趴在了雷木爸爸的肩膀上。
Jinbao saw that Shuyu dispelled the idea of taking him back, and his little paw loosened his strength, and he lay softly on Lei Mu's father's shoulder.
树雨看金宝那样儿，痞气恢复，故意道：“你们真的要让金宝留下？让他继续啃你们？让金宝回去族里，说不定还能为你们捞点资源。”
Shuyu looked at Jinbao like that, his ruffian recovered, and deliberately said, "Do you really want Jinbao to stay?" Let him continue to gnaw at you? Let Jinbao go back to the clan, and maybe he can get some resources for you. ”
金宝儿立即昂起头，冲着树雨皮卡叽皮卡叽地叫。 Kimbell immediately raised her head and shouted at the tree rain pickup.
王叶嘿嘿：“听到了没？金宝让把抚育他的资源送来我们这里，寄养费我就不收你们的了。”
Wang Ye hehe: "Did you hear that?" Jinbao asked us to send us the resources to raise him, and I won't charge you for foster care. ”
树雨遥遥点了点金宝的鼻头，笑骂：“你这个吃里扒外的。”
金宝哼哼，他才不是吃里扒外，他明明是吃外扒里。他亲生父母可不在精灵族，那么多精灵排队来跟他认过亲，没有一个和他有血缘关系，就是较近的都没有。
别以为他没有听到那些成年精灵的嘀咕，他们说他很可能不是战士们不小心遗留在外面的蛋，而很可能是很多年前被木系精灵偷出去的长时间不能孵化的老蛋。
他们还议论雷木爸爸的身份，说他像是木系精灵的混血儿，说不定祖上就是纯血木系精灵。
金宝到底太小，他听得懂那些精灵们私底下的议论，却不明白其中意思，只知道那些精灵似乎对木系精灵不太喜欢，同时很看不起混血的雷木爸爸。
金宝的想法多直接？他想着你们不喜欢我爸爸，那我也不喜欢你们！
How straightforward is Jinbao's idea? He thought you didn't like my dad, so I didn't like you either!
育儿园的精灵们一直搞不懂金宝为什么对族里没有多少归属感，反而一心想要逃出去，其实根子就在这里。
The elves in the nursery have never understood why Jinbao doesn't have much sense of belonging to the clan, but they are bent on escaping, but in fact, the root is here.
哪个孩子能忍受得了族人看不起自己心爱尊敬的父母？ What child can stand the people of the clan looking down on their beloved and respected parents?
树雨叮嘱两人，说外面对精灵幼崽还是很渴望的，希望他们给金宝儿换个样子，不要让人知道他是精灵族幼崽。因为精灵族幼崽一向留在族地，外面的人几乎很少见过幼崽，很多人都以为精灵族幼崽生下来也是人形。
Shuyu told the two of them, saying that they were still very eager for the elf cub outside, and hoped that they would change the appearance of Jin Bao'er and not let people know that he was an elf cub. Because the elven cubs have always stayed in the clan land, people outside have rarely seen cubs, and many people think that elven cubs are also born in human form.
两人一口答应，就算树雨不提，两人也打算给金宝改变形象，让人看不出金宝的身份。
The two agreed, even if Shuyu didn't mention it, the two planned to change Jinbao's image, so that people couldn't see Jinbao's identity.
树雨走的时候还厚脸皮地询问之前那思念糕有没有多余的，他想买。
When Shuyu left, he cheekily asked if there was any excess of the missing cake before, and he wanted to buy it.
树冬也想买。 Shudong also wants to buy.
“这个用的原材料十分珍贵，不能再便宜卖给你们。”王叶心中一动，他想着也许他可以多一条来钱路子了，精灵族的各种材料，他可是眼馋得很。
"The raw materials used for this are very precious and cannot be sold to you cheaply." Wang Ye's heart moved, he thought that maybe he could have one more way to make money, he was very greedy for all kinds of materials of the elf clan.
能改善资质的魔食，贵点也正常。树雨虽然肉疼，还是同意了王叶的报价，花了两枚二级魔晶，从王叶手中买到一袋十片思念糕。
The magic food that can improve the qualifications is normal. Although Shu Yu's flesh hurt, he still agreed to Wang Ye's offer, spent two second-level magic crystals, and bought a bag of ten pieces of miss cake from Wang Ye's hand.
树冬同样。 The same goes for tree winter.
“皮卡叽！”金宝儿气得要死，那都是他的零食！坏精灵战士，坏小叶子爸爸，呜呜。
"Pikachi!" Kimbell was so angry that it was all his snacks! Bad Elf Warrior, Bad Little Leaf Daddy, woo.
其实树雨和树冬还想多买点，但王叶不肯多卖。没听那个小讨债鬼在皮卡叽皮卡叽地叫个不停嘛。
In fact, Shuyu and Shudong still wanted to buy more, but Wang Ye refused to sell more. Didn't you hear that little debt collector screaming in the pickup?
“吃得好，下次再来。不用魔晶，用你们无尽森海的魔植、魔兽和矿石之类的交换也可以。”王叶笑嘻嘻地说。
"Well fed and come back next time. You don't need magic crystals, you can exchange them for magic plants, monsters, and ores from your endless forest sea. Wang Ye said with a grin.
树雨笑着同意，对他们精灵族来说，用材料换物，可比用魔晶划算多了。
Shu Yu agreed with a smile, for their elven clan, exchanging materials for things was much more cost-effective than using magic crystals.
王叶也宁可要材料。双方皆大欢喜。 Wang Ye would rather ask for materials. Both sides were happy.
树雨和树冬离开，之后除了那名药师助手和保护他的两名精灵留下，其他精灵都跟着树雨返回了无尽森海。
Shu Yu and Shu Dong left, and after that, except for the medicine man's assistant and the two elves who protected him, the other elves followed Shu Yu back to the Endless Forest Sea.
王叶不知道后续，但他左等右等都没等到系统通知他完成任务。
Wang Ye didn't know the follow-up, but he didn't wait for the system to notify him to complete the task.
王叶不解，他不是已经给出三颗打虫药，还告诉树雨要在打虫药中加石棉粉末了吗？怎么还不行？
Wang Ye was puzzled, didn't he already give three insecticides, and told Shuyu to add asbestos powder to the insecticides? Why can't it be done?
王叶仔细回味任务内容，这才发现这个任务的内涵是要求精灵族的所有幼崽都没虫子寄生才行！
Wang Ye carefully reviewed the content of the task, and only then did he find that the connotation of this task was to require all the cubs of the elf clan to be free of insect parasitism!
坑爹，怪不得给五万点。 Daddy, no wonder you can't give 50,000 points.
谁知道整个精灵族有多少幼崽，又有多少倒霉蛋感染了寄生虫？
Who knows how many cubs there are in the entire elven race, and how many unlucky eggs are infected with parasites?
而且那些药师中如果有出现问题的，不但不解决幼崽的寄生虫问题，还故意加重怎么办？
And what if there is a problem among those pharmacists, not only does not solve the parasite problem of the cubs, but also deliberately aggravates it?
到时候他们还可以嚷嚷说加石棉根本就是笑话，甚至阻止其他药师做同类药物。
When the time comes, they can also shout that adding asbestos is a joke at all, and even prevent other pharmacists from making similar drugs.
如此一拖拉，这个任务就不知道猴年马月才能完成了。 With such a delay, this task will not be completed in the Year of the Monkey.
王叶郁闷，但他也无法控制精灵族内部事务，只能等待。
Wang Ye was depressed, but he couldn't control the internal affairs of the elf clan, so he could only wait.
所幸他事情多，金宝这个小讨债鬼又已经回到他们身边，他和雷木就把精灵族那边的事放下，继续专心学习。
Fortunately, he had a lot of things to do, and Jinbao, the little debt collector, had already returned to them, so he and Lei Mu put down the affairs of the elves and continued to concentrate on studying.
金宝儿不愿只待在虫巢里，王叶就给他用了变色药剂，把他当成真四脚蛇随身带着，别人问起就说是自己养的宠物。
Jin Bao'er didn't want to stay only in the insect nest, so Wang Ye gave him a color-changing potion, and took him with him as a real four-legged snake, and when others asked, he said that he was his pet.
学校学生养宠物和契约魔兽的不少，各种稀奇古怪的都有，黑褐色四脚蛇状态的金宝非常不起眼，他身形还小，往哪里一钻，别人都发现不了他。
There are a lot of pets and contract monsters among the students in the school, all kinds of strange ones, Jinbao in the form of a black-brown four-legged snake is very inconspicuous, he is still small, and no one else can find him wherever he drills.
金宝儿回到两个爸爸身边，身体里的暗伤又被调养好，甚至健康程度还超出之前，顿时就如脱缰的野狗，玩疯了。
Jin Bao'er returned to the two fathers, and the dark injuries in her body were recuperated again, and her health was even better than before, and she was suddenly like a wild dog that had escaped from the leash, playing crazy.
金宝儿带着从虫巢里出来的小光和浮游光虫群在学校后山到处跑。
Kimbell runs around the mountains behind the school with the small light and the swarm of floating light insects that come out of the hive.
学校后山可不是一座山，那是连绵的山脉，新生甚至会选择在这里面历练。对于金宝和小光他们来说，这就是个能让他们玩个几年都玩不够的探险地。
The mountain behind the school is not a mountain, it is a continuous mountain range, and new students will even choose to experience it here. For Jinbao and Xiaoguang, this is an adventure place that they can't play enough for a few years.
树雨回到精灵族地后，先是什么都没说，只悄悄把王叶给他的打虫药给他弟弟服下。
After Shuyu returned to the elven land, he didn't say anything at first, but quietly gave his brother the insecticide medicine that Wang Ye gave him.
大约这些虫子真的比较顽固，一颗打虫药只是让他弟弟感到肚子有点疼，直到三颗都吃下，他弟弟才开始一泻千里。
About these bugs are really stubborn, one insect pill only made his brother feel a little pain in his stomach, and it was not until he ate all three that his brother began to vomit.
树雨特地准备了个盆，看到他弟弟拉出来的便便中混合着几十条细细长长的白虫子，又恶心又毛骨悚然。
Shuyu specially prepared a basin, and saw that his brother's poop was mixed with dozens of slender and long white worms, which was disgusting and creepy.
树冬也恶心又惊喜地道：“真的管用！” Shu Dong was also disgusted and surprised: "It really works!" ”
树雨感叹：“早知就多买些了。” Shuyu sighed: "I would have bought more if I knew it." ”
树冬憨直地说：“我们可以回去再买啊，我看与其等药师们研究出新打虫药，还不如直接跟王叶购买成品，至少可以先把族里的崽儿情况稳住。小心，那些虫子要跑！”
Shu Dong said bluntly: "We can go back and buy it again, I think instead of waiting for the pharmacists to develop a new anti-insect medicine, it is better to buy the finished product directly from Wang Ye, at least we can stabilize the situation of the cubs in the clan first." Be careful, those bugs are going to run! ”
那些白虫子脱离精灵体，就想往外面跑。 The white bugs broke away from the elves and wanted to run outside.
树雨迅速使用土系的魔法把整个盆封住，他要带着这个盆去找顶头上司。
Shu Yu quickly used the earth-based magic to seal the entire basin, and he was going to take the basin to his boss.
树雨把他弟刷洗了一遍又一遍，看着他弟拉出虫子后忽然变得极为衰弱的样子，担忧又暴怒。
Shuyu brushed his brother over and over again, watching his brother suddenly become extremely weak after pulling out the worms, worried and angry.
这些该死的寄生虫，它们很可能吸收了他弟身体里大量养分，甚至还做了一些其他的事情，但它们藏在他弟体内时可能也提供了一定能量，让他弟看起来和平时没什么两样。
These damn parasites, they probably absorbed a lot of nutrients from his brother's body, and even did something else, but they probably also provided some energy when they hid in his brother's body, making him look the same as usual.
但这些寄生虫一被打出来，他弟就露出了“原形”。 But as soon as these parasites were beaten, his brother revealed his "original form".
“哥哥……”已经五岁的树小风看起来还没半岁的金宝强壮，体型也偏小。
"Brother ......" is already five years old, Shu Xiaofeng looks less than half a year old Jinbao is strong, and his body is also small.
树雨心疼地托起弟弟，他忽然想到什么，赶紧拿出他从王叶那里厚脸皮买来的金宝口粮，思念糕。
Shuyu held up his younger brother distressedly, he suddenly thought of something, and hurriedly took out the Jinbao rations he bought cheekily from Wang Ye, missing the cake.
这东西买回来，他都没怎么舍得吃，现在给他弟吃，倒是正好，只希望能有一点效果。
When he bought this thing, he didn't want to eat it, and now he gives it to his brother, which is just right, and he just hopes that it will have a little effect.
树小风闻了闻他哥送到他嘴边的薄片，嘴巴一张，咔嚓咬下一块。
Shu Xiaofeng sniffed the thin slice that his brother brought to his mouth, opened his mouth, and clicked and bit down on the next piece.
咔嚓咔嚓，唔唔，好好吃~ Click, click, delicious~
树小风喜欢极了，吃的速度越来越快，不到一小会就把一片薄片全部吃完。
Shu Xiaofeng liked it very much, and ate faster and faster, and in less than a short time, he ate all the flakes.
“哥哥，还要吃~”树小风跟他哥撒娇。 "Brother, you still have to eat~" Shu Xiaofeng coquettishly played with his brother.
树雨虽然舍不得，但还是又拿出一片喂他弟弟。 Although Shuyu was reluctant, he still took out another piece and fed it to his brother.
喂了两片，树小风明明还想吃，却吃不下了。 After feeding two pieces, Shu Xiaofeng obviously wanted to eat it, but he couldn't eat it.
树雨惊奇，这两枚薄片也没什么分量，比叶片也厚不了多少，怎么会吃两片就饱了？
Shuyu was surprised, these two flakes are not much heavier, and they are not much thicker than the leaves, how can they be full after eating two slices?
如果树雨能多问王叶两句，他就会知道王叶把思念糕切成薄片，就是因为思念糕对于幼崽能量太多，不适合一次性吃太多。王叶也只打算给金宝一段时间吃一片。
If Shuyu could ask Wang Ye a few more words, he would know that Wang Ye cut the miss cake into thin slices, because the miss cake has too much energy for the cubs, and it is not suitable for eating too much at one time. Wang Ye only planned to give Jinbao a piece for a while.
但王叶看买的是成年精灵，又见树雨和树冬之前吃了一小碟都没事，就没多说。
But Wang Ye saw that he was buying an adult elf, and saw that Shu Yu and Shu Dong were fine after eating a small plate before, so he didn't say much.
幸好树小风自己感觉到能量充足，有了饱腹感，没有继续贪食。而且树小风能吃两片，也是因为他身体亏损比较严重，否则普通精灵幼崽吃一片就会有饱腹感。
Fortunately, Shu Xiaofeng felt that he had enough energy, had a sense of satiety, and did not continue to be gluttonous. Moreover, Shu Xiaofeng can eat two pieces, also because his body has a serious loss, otherwise ordinary elf cubs will feel full if they eat one.
树小风不但吃饱，他还感到困倦，嘴巴不住打呵欠，不到两秒，就在他哥的手掌心里卷缩起身体睡着了。
Shu Xiaofeng not only ate enough, but he also felt sleepy, his mouth couldn't stop yawning, and in less than two seconds, he curled up in his brother's palm and fell asleep.
树雨有点害怕，很想送他弟去看看药师，但又不知道药师是否可信，纠结得不行。
Shuyu was a little scared and wanted to send his brother to see the pharmacist, but he didn't know if the pharmacist could be trusted, so he was so entangled.
还好他弟看起来只是睡着，并不是昏迷不醒什么的。 Fortunately, his brother seemed to be asleep, not unconscious or anything.
“队长你别担心，小风睡着应该是好事。队长也感觉出来了吧，这个思念糕吃了似乎可以改善我们的资质，虽然不多，但我真的有感觉到了，我能感觉到能量在身体里运转得更顺畅。小风应该也是在被改善体质，我猜。”树冬道。
"Don't worry, captain, it should be a good thing for Xiaofeng to fall asleep. The captain also felt it, eating this miss cake seems to improve our qualifications, although it is not much, but I really feel it, I can feel the energy running more smoothly in the body. Xiaofeng should also be improving his physique, I guess. "Tree Winter Road.
树雨点头：“那人类小崽拿出来的确实都是好东西，怪不得金宝那么健康，资质还那么好。”
Shuyu nodded: "The human cub is indeed a good thing, no wonder Jinbao is so healthy and has such good qualifications." ”
树冬也不禁羡慕：“金宝运气真好，要换了一般人类，别说精心养育了，能不死命压榨就不错。”
Shu Dong couldn't help but envy: "Jinbao's luck is really good, if he wants to change to an ordinary human being, let alone carefully raised, it's good if he can not be squeezed to the death." ”
他们精灵族因为贴近各系元素，都是寻找资源的好手。 Because of their proximity to the elements of various systems, their elves are good at finding resources.
比如金系精灵，他们就能发现各种金属矿和各种珍稀金属，他们还能找到含金属比较多的魔器等等，天赋资质越好，他们对同系元素的感知就越敏锐。
For example, gold elves, they can find all kinds of metal ores and all kinds of rare metals, they can also find magic weapons with more metals, etc., the better the talent and qualifications, the keener their perception of the same element.
随着金精灵长大，他们能力提高，还能直接提炼和合成各种珍贵金属。
As the Golden Elves grow up, their abilities increase, and they can directly refine and synthesize various precious metals.
同样，他们土系精灵也能发现土系的宝贝，他们还能深入地下，随意进入石材建筑、改变地形等等。
In the same way, their earth elves can also discover earth treasures, and they can also go deep underground, enter stone buildings at will, change the terrain, and so on.
总之每一系精灵都有自己的拿手绝活，也都是创造财富的好手，外界得不到成年精灵，对精灵蛋和精灵幼崽一直都不死心，想跟契约魔兽蛋和魔兽幼崽一样，强行契约精灵幼崽。
In short, each series of elves has their own specialty, and they are all good at creating wealth, and the outside world can't get adult elves, and they have never given up on elf eggs and elf cubs, and want to be the same as contract monster eggs and monster cubs, and forcibly contract elf cubs.
幸好精灵族对后代极为重视，有了蛋，基本都是回族里孕育孵化，不会留在外面。
Fortunately, the elven clan attaches great importance to their offspring, and with eggs, they are basically bred and hatched in the Hui clan and will not stay outside.
只有战时，有些精灵无奈在外面产蛋。他族知道的话，就会千方百计来偷蛋。当初有几颗蛋就是这样流落了出去。
Only in wartime, some elves have no choice but to lay eggs outside. If the other people knew, they would do everything possible to steal the eggs. That's how a few eggs flowed out.
“走吧，我们去找团长。” "Let's go, let's go to the head of the regiment."
树雨不敢再把他弟送入育幼园，他把他弟贴身放好，决定先去找他比较信任的一个上司。
Shuyu didn't dare to send his brother to the nursery again, so he put his brother close to him and decided to go to a boss he trusted first.
树雨和树冬还戴上了王叶卖给他们的石棉护腕和两包石棉粉末。
Shu Yu and Shu Dong also put on the asbestos bracers and two packets of asbestos powder that Wang Ye sold them.
石棉护腕可以让他们不动声色地接近精灵们，从精灵们的神情和举止来判断他们是否有可能被寄生。
The asbestos bracers allow them to approach the elves silently, judging by their expressions and demeanor whether they may be parasitized.
而石棉粉末则是防止寄生体逃跑或攻击他们之用。紧急时，一把撒出去应该会有些效果，这是王叶原话。
Asbestos powder, on the other hand, is used to prevent parasites from escaping or attacking them. In case of emergency, a handful of sprinkles should have some effect, this is Wang Ye's original words.
经过一番试探，树雨确定团长没有被寄生，是安全的。 After some probing, Shuyu determined that the head of the regiment was not parasitic and was safe.
树雨就把那盆他弟拉出来的便便，打开给团长看了。 Shu Yu opened the pot of poop that his brother pulled out and showed it to the regiment commander.
团长只看了一眼就不想看第二眼。 The regimental commander only took one look and didn't want to take a second look.
“团长，这些虫子很可能不是普通的寄生虫，而是智慧寄生虫族搞出来的新型寄生虫。”
"Captain, these bugs are probably not ordinary parasites, but new parasites created by the intelligent parasites."
团长没听明白：“你说什么？” The regiment commander didn't understand: "What did you say?" ”
树雨就把他在王叶那里听到的事，跟团长大致说了一遍。
Shu Yu told the head of the regiment what he heard from Wang Ye.
团长越听脸色越严肃。 The more the regiment commander listened, the more serious his face became.
“团长？” "Commander?"
“这事还有多少精灵知道？”团长突然问。 "How many elves still know about this?" The head of the regiment asked suddenly.
树雨暗中警惕，又不得不回答：“目前只有我和树冬。”
Shuyu was secretly vigilant, and had to answer: "At present, it's just me and Shudong." ”
团长摆手，嗤笑：“干嘛呢？一个个死了娘的表情，我又不是要把你们灭口。”
The head of the regiment waved his hand and sneered: "What are you doing? The expressions of the dead mothers one by one, I don't want to kill you. ”
树雨松了口气，嬉皮笑脸地道：“团长，您看这事要怎么处理？我们是不是先和王叶多买一点打虫药，把幼崽们救回来再说？”
Shu Yu breathed a sigh of relief and said with a hippie smile: "Commander, how do you think this matter should be handled?" Shall we buy a little more insect medicine with Wang Ye first and save the cubs? ”
团长没好气地道：“当然要买。你们既然知道有效，为什么不多买点回来？”
The head of the regiment said angrily: "Of course you have to buy it." If you know it works, why don't you buy more and come back? ”
树雨腆着脸说：“这不是小的穷嘛。小的要养弟弟，实在没有多少存款，跟王叶买了一瓶打虫药和一点魔食，兜里就干净了。”
Shuyu said with a shy face: "Isn't this a little poor. The younger one wants to support his younger brother, but he really doesn't have much savings, so he bought a bottle of insecticide and a little magic food with Wang Ye, and his pocket was clean. ”
团长也知道他这些手下为了锻体和修炼等，花销极大，属于赚得多用得也多的典型。
The regiment commander also knew that his subordinates spent a lot of money in order to forge their bodies and cultivate, and they belonged to a typical example of earning more and using more.
“行了，当我还不知道你们那点小心思？这经费，团里会批一部分。当然也不能全部由我们团承担，你们跟我来，我们去找祭司。”
"Okay, when I don't know what you're thinking? The regiment will approve a part of this funding. Of course, it can't be all borne by our group, you come with me, and we go to the priests. ”
“直接去找祭司？”树雨吃惊。对他们来说，祭司的距离真的太远了。
"Directly to the priest?" Shuyu was surprised. For them, the distance of the priesthood was really too far.
团长翻白眼：“不找祭司找谁？这事当然要从上面来才更快！而且智慧寄生虫族……”
The head of the regiment rolled his eyes: "Who do you not look for the priest?" Of course, this has to come from above! And the intelligent parasites ......"
树雨和树冬互看，两人都觉得团长似乎对智慧寄生虫族知道些什么，却不打算告诉他们。
Shu Yu and Shu Dong looked at each other, and both of them felt that the head of the group seemed to know something about the intelligent parasites, but he didn't intend to tell them.
土系精灵族在有了祭司和族长牵头后，动作很快。 The earth elves moved quickly after being led by priests and patriarchs.
祭司借口讨论幼崽寄生虫的治疗问题，召集其他各族的祭司前来土系族地。
Under the pretext of discussing the treatment of young parasites, the priest summoned the priests of the other tribes to the land of the earth.
族长则暗中去寻找石棉矿，找到了就挖掘出一批，先给身边的人都送了一副石棉护腕，观察他们的情况。
The patriarch secretly went to look for asbestos mines, and when he found them, he dug out a batch, and first gave a pair of asbestos bracers to the people around him to observe their situation.
发现有问题的，不管是不是被寄生，先拘留起来。 If you find something wrong, whether you are parasitic or not, you will be detained first.
没问题的，再以这些精灵战士为基础，继续向下面下发另一批石棉护腕。
No problem, based on these elven warriors, continue to send another batch of asbestos bracers below.
如此一批接一批，每次都会有数量足够的精灵战士监视那些刚戴上石棉护腕的精灵战士，直到把整个土系精灵战士都筛选了一遍。
In this way, batch after batch, each time there would be a sufficient number of elven warriors to monitor those elven warriors who had just put on the asbestos bracers, until the entire earth elven warriors had been screened.
土系族长彻底筛查过精灵战士后，就放心多了，开始着手对其他族人的筛查。
After the earth patriarch thoroughly screened the elven warriors, he was much more relieved and began to screen other clansmen.
土系祭司也做着同样的事，他把各系祭司邀请来，请他们坐的蒲团就是石棉编织，连聚集的大厅内都放满了石棉制品。
The earth priest did the same thing, he invited the priests of all the tribes, and the futon they invited to sit on was asbestos weaving, and even the hall where they gathered was full of asbestos products.
土系祭司虽然没从各系祭司那里发现有谁不对劲，但并不是每一系祭司都相信智慧寄生虫族来袭一事，他们说是要回去仔细筛查，但显然有些祭司就没把这事放在心上。
Although the earth priests did not find anyone wrong from the priests, not every priest believed in the attack of the Wisdom Parasite, and they said that they would go back and carefully screen it, but apparently some priests did not take this matter to heart.
土系祭司又表示他们从人类那里购买了一批打虫药，可以先给各系精灵幼崽用上，当然该付的药费还是要付的。
The earth priest also said that they had purchased a batch of insect fighting medicine from humans, and they could use it for the elven cubs of each line first, and of course they still had to pay for the medicine.
“人类制作的打虫药？”金系祭司皱眉，“人类制作的药物怎么可以相信？尤其还是给我们的幼崽使用。”
"Human-made insect fighting medicine?" The Golden Priest frowned, "How can a human-made medicine be trusted?" Especially for our cubs. ”
土系祭司表示这种打虫药确实很有效。 The earth-based priest said that this insecticide was indeed very effective.
金系祭司摇头，顽固地道：“我不相信人类，也不相信他们所说的只要在打虫药中放石棉粉末就能打出虫子这样可笑的话！”
The golden priest shook his head and said stubbornly: "I don't believe in humans, and I don't believe in their ridiculous words that you can beat insects as long as you put asbestos powder in the insecticide!" ”
土系祭司耐心很好：“至少可以尝试，那石棉粉末就算放入药丸中，吃掉也不会对幼崽身体有所伤害，会随着秽物一起排出来。”
The earth priest was very patient: "At least you can try, even if the asbestos powder is put into the pill, eating it will not harm the cub's body, and it will be excreted along with the filth." ”
火系祭司呵呵：“我也不相信人类，但石棉粉末可以尝试，不过我不希望用人类的打虫药，既然只要加石棉粉末就可以起效，那么打虫药我们族内药师自己可以制作，就不用烦劳人类了。”
The fire priest hehe: "I don't believe in humans either, but asbestos powder can be tried, but I don't want to use human insecticide, since as long as asbestos powder is added, it can be effective, so the insecticide can be made by the pharmacists in our clan, so there is no need to bother humans." ”
水系祭司没说话。 The water priest didn't speak.
土系祭司表示不强求，愿意买就买，不买就自己炼制。 The earth priest said that he would not force it, and he would buy it if he wanted to, and if he didn't buy it, he would refine it himself.
“关于智慧寄生虫族的事，我相信诸位都听过远古传说，说不得这一族还和我们有些关系。但远古资料留下来的不多，希望诸位回去能多多查找相关资料。这一族突然冒出来，我族幼崽又感染上难除的寄生虫，这很可能就是这一族要对我们下手的征兆，诸位还万请重视。”土系祭司郑重无比地说道。
"I'm sure you've all heard the ancient legends about the Wisdom Parasite, and I can't tell you that this race has something to do with us. However, there are not many ancient materials left, and I hope you can go back and find more relevant information. This tribe has suddenly appeared, and our cubs have been infected with parasites that are difficult to get rid of, which is probably a sign that this tribe is going to attack us, so please pay attention to it. The earth priest said solemnly.
“这事大祭司还不知道吧？”金系祭司突然道。 "The High Priest doesn't know about this, does he?" The golden priest said suddenly.
土系祭司垂下眼眸，他和大祭司关系不好，他说的话，大祭司不一定能听得进去，所以他才会私下召集各族祭司，想先查出一点证据，再呈交大祭司和王。
The earth priest lowered his eyes, he had a bad relationship with the high priest, and the high priest might not be able to listen to what he said, so he would privately convene the priests of various tribes, wanting to find out a little evidence first, and then present it to the high priest and the king.
金系祭司冷笑：“我不知道这智慧寄生虫族的事是真是假，但如果智慧寄生虫族真的和我族有关，这事就不能瞒着大祭司。诸位，我先走一步，去大祭司那里一趟。”
The golden priest sneered: "I don't know if the matter of this wisdom parasite is true or not, but if the wisdom parasite is really related to my clan, this matter cannot be hidden from the high priest." Ladies and gentlemen, I will go first and go to the High Priest. ”
金系祭司说着就真的离开了。 The golden priest really left as he spoke.
火系祭司询问土系祭司是否还有其他事情，土系祭司表示没有了，火系祭司就表示他要忙着回去让药师炼制新的打虫药，也走了。
The fire priest asked the earth priest if there was anything else to do, and the earth priest said that there was no more, and the fire priest said that he was busy going back to ask the medicine man to refine a new insect fighter, and he also left.
水系祭司没走，他表示他会让族内药师炼制新的打虫药，但也想从土系买一批。
The water priest didn't leave, he said that he would let the clan pharmacist refine a new anti-insect medicine, but he also wanted to buy a batch from the earth system.
土系祭司就以五枚标准魔晶一瓶打虫药的价格卖给了水系祭司一批。
The earth priest sold a batch to the water priest at the price of five standard magic crystals and a bottle of insect fighting.
树雨从王叶那里买打虫药，是三枚一级魔晶一瓶，一瓶三颗药丸。
Shu Yu bought the insect fighting medicine from Wang Ye, which was a bottle of three first-level magic crystals and three pills in a bottle.
土系祭司一瓶卖五魔晶，认为也就赚了个辛苦费。 The earth priest sells five magic crystals in a bottle, thinking that he is making a hard money.
于是，不久整个精灵族就出现了两种打虫药，一种是王叶制作的，一种是各族药师自己制作的。
As a result, soon there were two kinds of insect fighting medicines in the entire elf clan, one was made by Wang Ye, and the other was made by the pharmacists of each clan themselves.
目前看来，似乎都有效。 At the moment, it seems to be working.
各族精灵们见幼崽们都拉出了虫子，各族祭司也都查看过幼崽们的身体，确认他们体内寄生虫已经除干净，精灵族整体总算松了口气。
The elves of all races saw that the cubs had pulled out the worms, and the priests of all tribes had also checked the bodies of the cubs to confirm that the parasites in their bodies had been removed, and the elves as a whole finally breathed a sigh of relief.
但奇怪的是，除了土系精灵暗中紧锣密鼓地在排查寄生体，其他各族却没有多少动静。
But the strange thing is that except for the earth elves who are secretly investigating the parasites, there is not much movement from the other races.
土系祭司还被大祭司叫去，不轻不重地批评了一通，说他在没有掌握确切证据前，不应该事先召集各族祭司危言耸听，造成族内慌乱。
The earth priest was also called by the high priest and criticized him lightly, saying that he should not have summoned the priests of various tribes in advance to make alarmist statements without having accurate evidence, causing panic within the clan.
土系祭司在心中骂了一肚子脏话，回来后就跟族长商量，开始禁止其他各族精灵随意进出土系精灵族地，并在进出口和各个传送阵都建立了石棉隔离带。
The earth priest cursed in his heart, and after he returned, he discussed with the patriarch and began to prohibit the elves of other clans from entering the land of the earth elves at will, and established asbestos isolation belts at the entrance and exit and in each teleportation array.
王叶不知道精灵族的内部纠葛，他中了千木之毒的影响终于出现，手指和脚趾指甲都开始变黑。
Wang Ye didn't know about the internal entanglements of the elf clan, and the influence of his poison from a thousand trees finally appeared, and his fingers and toe nails began to turn black.
王叶知道到了时候，就开始制作既是破解千木之毒也是推动千木蜕变药剂进一步发展的魔药。
Wang Ye knew that when the time came, he began to make a potion that was not only to crack the poison of a thousand trees, but also to promote the further development of a thousand trees transformation elixir.
因为他时常要接触毒药，就把金宝儿扔到了雷木那边，不让金宝再接近他。
Because he often had to come into contact with poison, he threw Jinbao to Leimu's side to prevent Jinbao from getting close to him.
第129章 思念糕 Chapter 129: Missing Cake
金宝去了雷木身边，发现雷木在研究炼金术，而且时不时需要用一些金属材料。
Jinbao went to Lei Mu's side and found that Lei Mu was studying alchemy, and he needed some metal materials from time to time.
“爸~叽，皮卡皮卡叽~”爸爸，看宝宝的！ "Dad~Chick, Pickup Pickup~" Dad, look at the baby!
金宝冲着一小块满含杂质的金属开始凝气静神，小尾巴突然鞭子一样抽过去。
Jinbao began to condense at a small piece of impurities, and the little tail suddenly whipped away.
啪啪啪，金宝一连抽打了那块金属至少二十下。 Bang bang, Campbell slapped the piece of metal at least twenty times in a row.
没力气了，金宝趴下，冲着雷木讨好地叫：“爸~叽~”
雷木先没明白金宝在干什么，还以为他在玩耍，等他拿起那块被金宝抽打的金属，他才发现这块金属竟然被提纯了。
金属周边都是被金宝抽打出来的杂质。 The metal is surrounded by impurities that have been whipped out by Jinbao.
雷木把那块金属放到仪器上眼看纯度，当看到纯度达到999时，顿时默然。
Lei Mu put the piece of metal on the instrument to see the purity, and when he saw that the purity reached 999, he was silent.
金宝儿，越来越能干了。 Kimbella is getting more and more capable.
“爸~叽~” "Dad~Twitter~"
“干嘛呢？” "Why?"
“皮卡皮卡叽~” "Pickup Pickup Pick~"
雷木忍笑：“你想让我把你小叶子爸爸给你准备的礼物都偷出来给你？”
Lei Mu Ren smiled: "Do you want me to steal all the gifts that your little leaf father prepared for you to you?" ”
金宝疯狂点头。他在虫巢找遍了，都没找到，小叶子爸爸太坏了，肯定收到他无法进入的保鲜室内了。
Campbell nodded frantically. He searched all over the worm nest, but he couldn't find it, Xiao Yezi's father was too bad, and he must have received a fresh-keeping room that he couldn't enter.
金宝为了让雷木答应，拖着疲累的身体又去鞭打第二块金属。
In order to get Raimu to agree, Jinbao dragged his tired body to whip the second piece of metal.
雷木大笑，一把抓起小家伙：“行了行了，你要是做其他事也有这份坚韧心，未来你什么事做不成？”
Lei Mu laughed and grabbed the little guy: "Okay, okay, if you do other things and have this tenacity, what can't you do in the future?" ”
“爸~叽？”金宝给雷木爸爸来了个歪头杀。 "Dad~Huh?" Jinbao gave Thunderwood's father a crooked head kill.
雷木败给他了：“……我这就带你去找礼物。” Lei Mu was defeated by him: "...... I'll take you to find a present. ”
金宝狂喜，爸叽爸叽地不住叫，雷木爸爸最好啦！ Jinbao is ecstatic, Dad can't stop screaming, Daddy Lei Mu is the best!
就在雷木带着金宝去偷……咳，去寻找王叶藏起来的礼物时，几名精灵也从陨星魔法学校离开，只有那名药师助手留了下来。
Just when Remu took Jinbao to steal ...... Ahem, when he went to look for the gift that Wang Ye had hidden, several elves also left from the Meteorite Magic School, and only the pharmacist assistant remained.
打虫药的研究进展很不理想。 The progress of research on insect fighting drugs is far from ideal.
因为教授们发现这新型寄生虫竟然“杀不死”。 Because the professors found that this new parasite was "unkillable".
不是真的杀不死，而是一旦把这种寄生虫放入活的寄生物体内，如果用药灭杀它，只要宿主还有一口气，这寄生虫竟然能从宿主身上吸取能量来治疗自己。
It's not that it can't really be killed, but once this parasite is put into the body of a living parasite, if it is killed with medicine, as long as the host still has a breath, the parasite can actually absorb energy from the host to treat itself.
如此，要想把这种寄生虫杀死，就只有加大药量先把宿主杀死。
In this way, if you want to kill this parasite, you can only increase the dosage to kill the host first.
可宿主都死了，灭杀这种寄生虫还有什么意义？ But the hosts are dead, what's the point of killing this parasite?
如果只是单纯地想把这种寄生虫从宿主体内逼出来，也不行。同样，只要宿主还有一口气，这寄生虫就能顽强地钩嵌在宿主体内，甚至能在宿主体内到处游走。
If you just want to force the parasite out of the host, you won't be able to. Similarly, as long as the host still breathes, the parasite can stubbornly hook into the host's body, and can even swim around the host's body.
现在教授们的研究课题已经变成寻找让这种新型寄生虫恐惧害怕或讨厌的东西。
Now the professors' research topic has changed to finding what makes this new type of parasite fearful, fearful, or hateful.
而这种研究显然要耗费很长时间，精灵们也不好在学校长期等待，最后经过商量，就只有药师助手留下，其他精灵都回去了精灵族地。
And this kind of research obviously takes a long time, and it is not good for the elves to wait for a long time in the school, and in the end, after discussion, only the medicine man's assistant stays, and the other elves have returned to the elven land.
金系精灵族地，育幼园。 The land of the golden elves, the nursery garden.
鼎云一回来就发现园内的保姆精灵们都很惊慌，逼问下才知道育幼园少了一只精灵幼崽。
As soon as Dingyun came back, he found that the nanny elves in the park were all panicked, and only after questioning did he know that there was one elf cub missing from the nursery.
那幼崽也是最健康最活泼的那只。 The cub is also the healthiest and most lively one.
鼎云气炸：“什么时候不见的？为什么不早点通知我？”
Dingyun was angry: "When did you disappear?" Why didn't you notify me sooner? ”
这些保姆精灵也不是想要推卸责任，他们只是以为金宝儿调皮，又出逃了。他们想着金宝还小，就算逃跑也跑不了多远，就想着先把金宝找到再说。
These nanny elves didn't want to shirk their responsibilities, they just thought that Kimbell was naughty and ran away again. They thought that Jinbao was still young, and even if they ran away, they would not be able to run far, so they thought that they would find Jinbao first.
可是这一找就是五六天，连金宝的影子都没看到。 But this search lasted five or six days, and I didn't even see the shadow of Jinbao.
“五六天时间了，你们还没有报上去？你们……！”鼎云忍怒，打算等会儿再找这些精灵算账，质问：“最后一个看到金宝的是谁？”
"It's been five or six days, and you haven't reported it yet? You guys......! Dingyun was angry, planning to settle accounts with these elves later, and asked, "Who was the last one to see Jinbao?" ”
众保姆精灵都摇头，最后一名精灵虚虚地指了指鼎云：“你就是最后一个看见金宝的。你忘了金宝叫住你，说要你带礼物给他两个爸爸？但你拒绝了，金宝儿为此还很不高兴，钻进了他那个大袋子里。我们当时没注意到他不见，也是以为他就待在那个袋子里。后来发现他连续两顿饭都没出来吃，去那个袋子里找他，没找到，才想到他可能又跑出去了……”
All the nanny elves shook their heads, and the last elf pointed at Ding Yun vaguely: "You are the last one to see Jinbao." Have you forgotten that Jinbao called you and told him to bring gifts to his two fathers? But you refused, and Kimbella was upset about it, and got into his big bag. We didn't notice he was gone, and we thought he was in the bag. Later, I found out that he hadn't come out to eat two meals in a row, and I went to look for him in that bag, but I didn't find it, so I thought that he might have run out again......"
鼎云按揉额头，他确实记得金宝来找他这件事。 Ding Yun rubbed his forehead, he did remember that Jinbao came to him.
要他说，也是这些保姆精灵平时嘴太碎，仗着精灵崽儿还小，以为他们什么都听不懂，当着这些崽儿的面就敢随便聊。
If you want him to say, it's also because these nanny elves usually have too broken mouths, relying on the fact that the elf cubs are still young, thinking that they can't understand anything, and they dare to talk casually in front of these cubs.
因为打虫药无效，药师指名让他跟着药师助手前往人族魔法学校进行说明。药师派人来时，好几个保姆精灵都在场。
Because the insect medicine was ineffective, the pharmacist asked him to follow the pharmacist's assistant to the Terran magic school to explain. When the medicine man sent someone, several nanny elves were present.
这几个保姆听到，相当于育幼园所有成年精灵都知道了。
When these nannies heard it, it was equivalent to all the adult elves in the nursery school knowing.
他们自己知道不算，还互相说个不停，很可能他们说的话让那个比其他幼崽都早慧又聪明的金宝听见，这才会跑来跟他说让他帮带礼物。
They knew it didn't count, and they kept talking to each other, and it was likely that what they said would be heard by the wiser and smarter Campbell than the other cubs, and then they would come and tell him to ask him to help bring the gifts.
他怎么可能给两个人类带礼物？他巴不得金宝早点忘掉那两个所谓的人类养父。
How could he possibly bring gifts to two humans? He wished that Jinbao had forgotten about those two so-called human adoptive fathers sooner.
鼎云是绝对的精灵至上者，他瞧不上其他种族，自然也不希望被人类和混血精灵孵化的金宝成天想着那两个非精灵族的养父。
Ding Yun is an absolute elven supremacy, he looks down on other races, and naturally he doesn't want Jinbao, who was hatched by humans and half-blood elves, to think about the adoptive father of those two non-elf races.
如果不是金宝资质过于优异，鼎云甚至看不上被人类和混血精灵孵化又送回来的金宝。
If it weren't for Jinbao's excellent qualifications, Dingyun wouldn't even look down on Jinbao who was hatched and sent back by humans and half-blood elves.
但也就因为金宝资质特别好，每次金宝提到他两个爸爸，或者想要离开，鼎云就越发生气。
But because Jinbao's qualifications are particularly good, every time Jinbao mentions his two fathers, or wants to leave, Dingyun gets more angry.
这种情况下，金宝自然不可能达成目的。 In this case, it is naturally impossible for Jinbao to achieve its goal.
谁想到，他不过才离开几天，金宝就不见了！ Who would have thought that he had only been gone for a few days, and Jinbao would be gone!
“精灵幼崽失踪不是小事，我会报上去。你们……再去附近找找，金宝还小，五六天时间，他也不可能走太远。如果去传送阵，守护传送阵的精灵看到那么小的小崽，也不会让他单独使用。到处都先问问，别想着掩盖这件事了。”
"The disappearance of the elven cub is not a trivial matter, I will report it. You guys...... If I went to look nearby, Jinbao was still young, and it would be impossible for him to go too far in five or six days. If he goes to the teleportation array, the elf guarding the teleportation array will not let him use it alone when he sees such a small cub. Ask everywhere first, don't try to cover it up. ”
鼎云也是个负责任的，因为幼崽们感染寄生虫的事，他已经足够羞愧，为此把整个育幼园的食物来源都做了一遍清查，虽然供应商都喊自己的食材很干净，检查结果也确实很干净，但鼎云还是换了一批。
Dingyun is also responsible, because the cubs are infected with parasites, he is ashamed enough, so he has done an inventory of the food sources of the entire nursery, although the suppliers are shouting that their ingredients are very clean, and the inspection results are indeed clean, but Dingyun still changed a batch.
还有水源和育幼园里面的玩具和设施等，鼎云能换的就换，不能换的也都清洁了多遍，确保不会再发生寄生虫事件。
There are also water sources and toys and facilities in the nursery, etc., which Dingyun can change and what cannot be replaced, and clean it many times to ensure that there will be no more parasite incidents.
这会儿又出现幼崽失踪一事，他也没有半点遮掩的意思，只想发动更多精灵，尽快找到金宝。
At this time, there was another disappearance of the cub, and he didn't mean to hide it at all, he just wanted to mobilize more elves and find Jinbao as soon as possible.
可出乎意料的是，他把金宝失踪的事情报上去，上面的反应却很平淡。
Unexpectedly, he reported Jinbao's disappearance, but the reaction from above was very flat.
上面还让他不要把事情闹大，说免得引起成年精灵们对幼崽的担心。
He was also told not to make a big deal out of it, so as not to cause the adult elves to worry about the cubs.
还说之前因为寄生虫的事，就让大家对育幼园意见很大，如果再冒出精灵幼崽失踪事件，那精灵们对育幼园就更不信任，到时候不管是鼎云还是其他在育幼园工作的精灵都不会有好果子吃。
He also said that because of the parasite before, everyone had a lot of opinions on the nursery, and if there was another incident of the disappearance of the elf cubs, the elves would be even more distrustful of the nursery, and at that time, whether it was Dingyun or other elves working in the nursery, there would be no good fruit to eat.
鼎云无奈，只能急匆匆赶回育幼园，改口让保姆精灵们暗中寻找金宝，但不要大张旗鼓，别人如果问他们在找什么，就说找小精灵丢失的玩具。
Dingyun had no choice but to hurry back to the nursery and let the nanny elves secretly look for Jinbao, but don't make a big fuss, if others ask them what they are looking for, they will say that they are looking for the elves' lost toys.
鼎云这样做心里并不好受，回去就跟自己的伴侣抱怨。 Dingyun felt uncomfortable doing this, and complained to his partner when he went back.
育幼园的顶头上司就是祭司的第三弟子，鼎云总觉得以祭司对幼崽的在乎，不可能在得知一个资质优异的金精灵幼崽不见后，还能那么淡定。
The top boss of the nursery is the third disciple of the priest, and Ding Yun always feels that with the priest's care about the cub, it is impossible for him to be so calm after learning that a golden elf cub with excellent qualifications is missing.
“我觉得祭司三弟子为了不担责任、不受祭司责骂，就故意跟祭司隐瞒了有精灵幼崽失踪的消息。”鼎云不满地说。
"I think that in order not to take responsibility and not be scolded by the priest, the three disciples of the priest deliberately concealed the news of the disappearance of the elf cub from the priest." Dingyun said dissatisfied.
鼎云伴侣一边把晚饭摆上桌，一边随口道：“祭司弟子们都想当下一代祭司，他们非常在乎祭司对他们的印象，当然不想让祭司知道他们有出纰漏的时候。偏偏这时候还闹出寄生虫的事，那位三弟子肯定被祭司斥责了，正是最头疼的时候，你这时候跑去跟他说有精灵幼崽失踪，他当然不愿意让祭司知晓，能压就压下去了。”
While putting dinner on the table, Dingyun's companion said casually: "The priest disciples all want to be the next generation of priests, they care very much about the priest's impression of them, and of course they don't want the priest to know that they have something wrong. At this time, there was also a parasite incident, and the third disciple must have been reprimanded by the priest, and it was the most headache time, you ran to tell him that there was an elf cub missing, of course he didn't want the priest to know, and he could suppress it. ”
“可那是幼崽啊，还是资质特别优异的一个。”鼎云按揉额头，觉得头疼得厉害。
"But that's a cub, and it's still a particularly well-qualified one." Dingyun rubbed his forehead and felt a terrible headache.
鼎云伴侣没注意：“要么你悄悄找祭司说？” Dingyun's partner didn't pay attention: "Or do you quietly talk to the priest?" ”
鼎云立刻摇头：“那不行，越级上告是最让大家忌讳的行为，如果我这么做了，以后我就别想继续当这个园长了。”
Dingyun immediately shook his head: "That's not good, skipping the level and suing is the most taboo behavior for everyone, if I do this, I don't want to continue to be the head of this kindergarten in the future." ”
鼎云伴侣在心底叹口气，说到底她爱人还是缺了一些勇气和担当。但除此之外，她爱人真的是个很好的园长和丈夫，她已经别无所求。
Dingyun's partner sighed in her heart, in the end, her lover still lacked some courage and responsibility. But other than that, her lover is really a good principal and husband, and she has nothing else to ask for.
“其实……那寄生虫的事确实很可疑，如果只有一个系的育幼园出事，那还好理解，可同时全族所有育幼园的幼崽都感染上寄生虫，这也太奇怪了。我去查过寄生虫的可能来源，也和其他园长谈过，但他们也都自查了，都没查到源头，真的太古怪了，也许……嘶！好痛！”鼎云再次按住太阳穴。
"Actually...... The parasite thing is indeed very suspicious, if there is only one line of nursery school, it is easy to understand, but at the same time, all the nursery cubs in the whole clan are infected with parasites, which is also too strange. I've checked the possible source of the parasite, and I've talked to other principals, but they've all checked themselves, and they haven't found the source, it's really weird, maybe...... Hiss! It hurts! Dingyun pressed his temple again.
“你怎么了？我看你好几次头疼发作了，要不要找药师看看？”鼎云伴侣担忧。
"What's wrong with you? I see you've had headaches several times, do you want to see a pharmacist? "Dingyun companion is worried.
鼎云按揉额头，过了一会儿抬起头，似乎恢复了一些，对伴侣摆手道：“我没事。再说这段时间育幼园一堆事，我才离开几天就有幼崽失踪，这种时候我哪敢放心去看病？等过了这段时间再说吧。”
Ding Yun rubbed his forehead, raised his head after a while, seemed to have recovered a little, and waved his hand to his partner: "I'm fine." Besides, there are a lot of things in the nursery during this time, and the cubs have disappeared after I have only been away for a few days, how dare I go to the doctor at this time? Let's wait until that's over. ”
鼎云伴侣拗不过他，只能作罢。 Dingyun's partner couldn't resist him, so he could only give up.
当天，金宝和小光它们在虫巢湖泊边玩耍，休息的时候，金宝就开始跟小光和浮游光虫们吹嘘他的逃族历险记。
On that day, Campbell and Xiaoguang were playing by the Wormhive Lake, and when they were resting, Jinbao began to brag about his fugitive adventures to Xiaoguang and the planktonic light insects.
“皮卡叽，叽叽，皮卡皮卡叽……” "Pickup, Pickup, Pickup......"
雷木就在一边锻炼武技，听到一半，越听越不对头，当下就把金宝叫过来详细询问。
Lei Mu was practicing martial arts on the side, and when he heard half of it, the more he listened, the more wrong it became, so he immediately called Jinbao over and asked in detail.
“金宝，你说你第一个拜托带礼物的精灵先没有答应你，可转头他又回来跟你说可以帮你带礼物，还能带你一起来见我们？”
"Jinbao, you said that the first elf you asked to bring a gift didn't agree to you, but he turned around and came back and told you that he could help you bring a gift, and he could bring you to see us?"
“皮卡叽！” "Pikachi!"
“然后他就让你和你弄出来的礼物进入他的随身箭筒里，把你带出了育幼园？并让你不要告诉任何精灵？要悄悄的？”
"And then he let you and the gift you got into his quiver and took you out of the nursery? And so that you don't tell any elves? Want to be quiet? ”
金宝点头。 Jinbao nodded.
“那你之后怎么会遇到树雨？” "Then how did you encounter the tree rain after that?"
“皮卡皮卡叽~”金宝炫耀地一通解说。 "Pickup pickup pickup chatter~" Jinbao boastfully explained.
雷木深深皱起眉头，按照金宝叙述，途中他被那个精灵放出来，放到了一个箱子里。
Lei Mu frowned deeply, and according to Jinbao's account, he was released by the elf on the way and put in a box.
金宝在那个箱子里发现了一个很弱很弱的精灵幼崽，快要死掉的那种。
Campbell found a very weak, weak elven cub in that chest, the kind that was about to die.
可那精灵幼崽看到他，却拼命向他爬过来。 But when the elven cub saw him, she crawled towards him desperately.
那精灵幼崽爬到金宝身边，就想咬他。 The elven cub crawled up to Campbell and tried to bite him.
金宝这个小霸王怎么会让别的精灵爬到他身上咬他，当即就把那精灵崽踹到一边。
How could Jinbao, the little overlord, let other elves climb on him and bite him, and immediately kicked the elf cub aside.
可那精灵幼崽明明很弱很弱了，竟然还能锲而不舍地想要靠近他。
But the elf cub was obviously very weak, and he could still persistently want to get close to him.
金宝感觉到那精灵幼崽一靠近他，就好像在吸取他的能量。
Jinbao felt the elven cub approach him, as if it was sucking his energy.
金宝气得主动冲上去就把那精灵幼崽揍了一通，他还很有心眼地把自己的皮肤金属化了，这样那精灵幼崽就咬不动他了。
Jinbao was so angry that he rushed up and beat the elf cub, and he also had a lot of heart to metalize his skin so that the elf cub couldn't bite him.
然后那精灵幼崽就不动了，过了一会儿他的嘴巴里就冒出了半条虫子。
Then the elf cub stopped moving, and after a while half a worm came out of his mouth.
金宝恶心坏了，拖着自己的“礼物”就从箱子里跑了出来。
Campbell was disgusted and ran out of the box with his "gift" in tow.
“爸~叽，皮卡皮卡叽？” "Dad~Huh, Pickup Pickup?"
“没有，你没有打死那只精灵幼崽，应该说那幼崽在遇到你之前就已经死了。”雷木立刻安抚金宝，他说的也是实话。精灵可不会吸收他人能量，那是智慧寄生虫族才拥有的能力之一。
"No, you didn't kill the elf cub, I should say that the cub was dead before I met you." Remu immediately reassured Jinbao, and he was telling the truth. Elves don't absorb the energy of others, which is one of the abilities that only intelligent parasites have.
金宝安心了，其实他那时也已经感觉出来那个幼崽不是精灵，他也无法形容那种感觉，就是一种直觉吧，反正他一遇到这种幼崽就很讨厌，就像他刚到土系精灵族地碰到的那只幼崽一样，他一见到对方就想打他。
Jinbao was relieved, in fact, he had already sensed that the cub was not an elf at that time, and he couldn't describe that feeling, it was just an intuition, anyway, he hated it when he met this kind of cub, just like the cub he just met when he arrived in the land of the earth elves, he wanted to hit him as soon as he saw the other party.
“等等，你是怎么从箱子里跑出来的？” "Wait, how did you get out of the box?"
“皮卡叽~”元素化呀，那箱子就是金属做的，宝宝可以来去自由哦。金宝昂起脑袋，等待雷木爸爸的表扬。
"Pickup ~ " elementalization, the box is made of metal, and the baby can come and go freely. Jinbao held his head high, waiting for Raimu's father to praise him.
雷木果然夸奖他了，摸着他的小脑袋说他聪明又反应快，当时就应该赶紧逃走。
Lei Mu really praised him, touched his little head and said that he was smart and quick to react, and he should have fled quickly.
金宝还告状：“皮卡皮卡叽！”不止这只坏幼崽，我刚到土系族地，那里也有一个黑黑的幼崽想要咬我，他也会吸取我的能量。
Jinbao also complained: "Pickup pickup! "It's not just this bad cub, I just arrived in the land of the Earth Clan, and there is a black cub there who wants to bite me, and he will also absorb my energy.
雷木只觉得金宝简直就是幸运加成再加成，这样都给他逃脱了出来。
Lei Mu only felt that Jinbao was simply a lucky bonus and a bonus, so he escaped.
“后来呢？” "And then?"
金宝告诉雷木，后来他从箱子出来没多久就遇到了树雨，他还记得树雨，就尝试拜托树雨帮他带礼物。金宝也知道，只凭他小小一只，想要离开精灵族地太难了。
Jinbao told Lei Mu that he met Shuyu not long after he came out of the box, and he remembered Shuyu and tried to ask Shuyu to help him bring a gift. Jinbao also knew that it would be too difficult for him to leave the elven land with only his small one.
没想到树雨答应了，还那么笨笨地上了他的当，更相信了他是被育幼园保父带出来的话。金宝开心得叽叽笑。
Unexpectedly, Shuyu agreed, and fell for him so stupidly, and believed that he was brought out by the nursery father. Jinbao giggled happily.
“你这还真是历险记了，无论哪一个环节出问题，你现在都是一只死精灵宝宝了。”雷木慨叹。
"You're really an adventure, no matter which link goes wrong, you're a dead elf baby now." Lei Mu sighed.
金宝：“爸~叽？” Jinbao: "Dad~Huh? ”
“虽然逃家不可取，但你这次做得非常好。精灵族地现在貌似问题多多，你不回去也好。”
"It's not advisable to run away, but you're doing a great job this time. The elven land seems to have a lot of problems now, so it's better if you don't go back. ”
“皮卡叽~。” "Pickup~."
雷木被逗笑：“讨资源就不用了，你小叶子爸爸就是跟你开玩笑的。”
Lei Mu was amused: "You don't need to ask for resources, your little Yezi father is joking with you." ”
王叶也不知从哪里冒了出来，突然冒声：“我没开玩笑，下次精灵再来买打虫药，我就让他们把养育金宝的资源送过来。”
Wang Ye also came out of nowhere, and suddenly said: "I'm not kidding, the next time the elves come to buy the insect medicine, I will ask them to send the resources to raise Jinbao." ”
雷木也不惊讶王叶的神出鬼没，在虫巢内，王叶想去哪儿都行。他只摇摇头，说道：“资源不资源的放一边，那个精灵……金宝，你知道那个精灵叫什么名字吗？”
Lei Mu was not surprised that Wang Ye was elusive, in the insect nest, Wang Ye could go wherever he wanted. He only shook his head and said, "Aside from the resources, that elf...... Campbell, do you know the name of that elf? ”
金宝歪头想了半天，才勉强吐出一个似是而非的名字，叫鼎什么。能记住这个鼎字，还因为金系精灵有不少都以这个字作为开头名。
Jinbao tilted his head and thought for a long time before he reluctantly spit out a plausible name, what is it called. I can remember this tripod character, but also because many golden elves have this word as the beginning of their name.
雷木换了问法：“这个精灵也在这次队伍中吗？” Lei Mu changed his question: "Is this elf also in this team?" ”
金宝摇头，他全身元素化后就被装入空间戒指，出来后身边的精灵只剩下树雨和树冬，自然不知道精灵队伍都有哪些人。
Jin Bao shook his head, he was put into the space ring after his whole body was elementalized, and after he came out, the elves around him were only Shuyu and Shudong, so naturally he didn't know who the elves were in the team.
“那个精灵应该是金系族地育幼园里的保父，我找树雨打探一下，应该能打探出来。”王叶道。
"That elf should be the nanny of the Golden Clan's land nursery, I'll find Shuyu to investigate, and I should be able to find out." Wang Ye said.
雷木：“只怕那个精灵现在已经逃走。” Thunderwood: "I'm afraid that the elf has fled now." ”
王叶却道：“不一定。那精灵唯一可以肯定的就是金宝从他的箱子里逃掉了，但一个才半岁幼崽的话，有多少成年精灵会相信？只要那精灵一推三不知，说金宝是自己溜到他的箭筒里，再给金宝扣上一个爱说谎的名头……”
Wang Ye said: "Not necessarily. The only thing the elf was certain was that Campbell had escaped from his chest, but how many adult elves would believe a half-year-old cub? As long as the elf doesn't know it, and says that Jinbao sneaked into his quiver by himself, and then label Jinbao as a liar......"
“皮卡叽！”金宝愤怒，他才不爱说谎，他只是偶尔说谎，那都是不得已的！
"Pikachi!" Jinbao is angry, he doesn't like to lie, he only lies occasionally, that's a last resort!
雷木：“可精灵族这时应该已经开始暗中排查寄生体了吧？他不逃跑就不怕被查出来？”
Lei Mu: "But the elves should have started secretly checking for parasites at this time, right?" If he doesn't run away, he won't be afraid of being found out? ”
王叶弹了弹金宝的额头，“这就不知道了，也许寄生虫族已经想出逃避检查的方法。”
Wang Ye flicked Jinbao's forehead, "I don't know, maybe the parasitic zerg has figured out a way to evade inspection." ”
雷木决定：“我们把这个金精灵还有那两个精灵幼崽的消息传给树雨，至于他们内部要怎么处理，看他们自己。”
Lei Mu decided: "We will pass the news of this golden elf and those two elf cubs to Shuyu, as for what they will do internally, it is up to them." ”
树雨很快就又来见王叶了。 Shuyu soon came to see Wang Ye again.
这次他过来的重点是买思念糕。 This time, the focus of his visit was to buy Miss Cake.
因为土系的精灵幼崽们吃了打虫药拉出虫子后，不但好些都变得衰弱，有些更是只剩下一口气。
Because after the elven cubs of the soil system ate the insect medicine and pulled out the worms, not only did many of them become weak, but some even had only one breath left.
土系精灵们都要心疼死了，全族药师一起使力，才把这些幼崽的性命挽救回来。
The earth elves were about to die of distress, and the whole clan of pharmacists worked together to save the lives of these cubs.
但这批幼崽的身体底子明显不行了，就连资质都受到了大大影响。
But the physical foundation of this batch of cubs is obviously not good, and even their qualifications have been greatly affected.
结果就在这时候，有精灵发现树雨的弟弟树小风竟然精精神神，半点不像是感染过寄生虫的模样。
As a result, at this time, an elf found that Shu Yu's younger brother Shu Xiaofeng was actually in good spirits, and he didn't look like he had been infected with parasites.
有人好奇询问树雨，说树小风是不是没有感染寄生虫。 Someone curiously asked Shu Yu if Shu Xiaofeng was not infected with parasites.
树雨也不好说谎说他弟没感染上。 Shuyu is also not easy to lie and say that his brother is not infected.
那精灵们自然好奇，为什么树小风一样感染了寄生虫，还吃了打虫药，怎么他就看起来气色那么好，而且经过药师检查，他的资质也没有多少损伤。
The elves were naturally curious about why Shu Xiaofeng was infected with parasites like him, and he also took insect medicine, why did he look so good, and after being examined by the pharmacist, his qualifications were not much damaged.
树雨也不是有意隐瞒思念糕的事，他只是一时没想起来，光顾着自家弟弟了。而且那些幼崽被治愈后是什么模样，他忙着工作也没见到，自然也就没有想到这事。
Shuyu didn't mean to hide the matter of missing the cake, he just didn't think about it for a while, and patronized his younger brother. And what those cubs looked like after being cured, he was busy with work and didn't see it, so naturally he didn't think about it.
在树雨想来，有祭司和大量药师亲手照顾的幼崽们，那肯定不用担心他们打完虫子的衰弱问题。
In Shuyu's mind, there are the cubs who are taken care of by priests and a large number of medicine masters, so there is definitely no need to worry about their weakness after fighting the bugs.
谁想到这就是一个问题了！ Who would have thought that this would be a problem!
树雨就去见了祭司，把他从王叶那里买到思念糕的事一五一十说了。
Shuyu went to the priest and told him about the cake he had bought from Wang Ye.
只是他买到的思念糕已经没了，都给他喂给弟弟了。 It's just that the missing cake he bought is gone, and it's all fed to his younger brother.
正好树冬那里还有两块思念糕片，就让祭司要了去。 It happened that Shudong still had two pieces of missing cake there, so he asked the priest to go.
树冬：“……”心痛！他能留下来两片是因为他舍不得吃好吗。
Shu Dong: "......" heartache! He was able to keep two slices because he was reluctant to eat them.
族长看到树冬那心疼的表情，气笑，拿起桌上的果子就砸了过去。
Seeing Shu Dong's distressed expression, the patriarch smiled angrily, picked up the fruit on the table and smashed it.
被砸了脑袋的树冬：“……”抓住果子狠狠咬了一口。 Shu Dong, who was smashed in the head: "......" grabbed the fruit and bit it hard.
祭司当场把思念糕片碾碎给一个极度衰弱的幼崽食用，只一片，那幼崽就肉眼可见地恢复了一些。
On the spot, the priest crushed the slices of the cake and gave it to an extremely weakened cub to eat, and with only one slice, the cub visibly recovered somewhat.
祭司和药师又当场检查那幼崽的身体情况，发现那幼崽已经快要被掏空的身体竟然恢复了少许。这里的恢复，指的是他的资质。
The priest and the medicine man checked the cub's condition on the spot, and found that the cub's body, which was about to be hollowed out, had recovered a little. The restoration here refers to his qualifications.
虽然这个少许真的很少，但至少能观察出来。而且这还只是吃了一片的效果。
It's a small few, but at least it's observable. And that's just the effect of eating a slice.
祭司又找了一个衰弱的幼崽，同样给他食用了思念糕片，小家伙嘴里哭唧唧地叫着妈妈，之后就睡着了。
The priest found another weakened cub and fed him the same slice of cake, and the little one cried out to his mother and fell asleep.
这只精灵幼崽经过检查，也有了少许恢复。 The elven cub was examined and recovered slightly.
思念糕的作用一被肯定，立马就变得宝贵起来。 As soon as the role of the missing cake is affirmed, it immediately becomes precious.
可惜思念糕片到此全部被吃完，药师们想要分析里面有什么成分都不行。
It's a pity that all the slices of Missun cake have been eaten so far, and the pharmacists can't analyze what ingredients are in them.
接下来自然不用说，祭司和族长以最快速度把树雨踢了出来，让他赶紧和王叶再多买些思念糕，如果能买到配方更好。
Needless to say, the priest and the patriarch kicked Shu Yu out as quickly as possible, and asked him to hurry up and buy more Miss Cake with Wang Ye, if he could buy the recipe, it would be better.
王叶倒是想要卖配方，可问题是他猜测思念糕对精灵族效果那么好的原因很可能就在虫蜜上，这配方就不好卖了。
Wang Ye wanted to sell the formula, but the problem was that he guessed that the reason why the Missing Cake worked so well on the elves was probably because of the worm honey, and the recipe was not easy to sell.
他总不能和土系精灵族说，我把配方先卖你们一遍，然后再卖原材料给你们，而且这原材料目前人族只有我有，除了我，就只有找智慧寄生虫族了。
He can't say to the earth elves, I will sell you the formula first, and then sell the raw materials to you, and this raw material is currently only available to the human race, except for me, there is only a wisdom parasitic Zerg.
另外王叶不知道精灵族被智慧寄生虫族渗透了多少，如果他把虫蜜当食材卖给精灵族，被寄生虫族发现怎么办？
In addition, Wang Ye didn't know how much the elf clan had been infiltrated by the wisdom parasitic zerg, what if he sold the insect nectar as an ingredient to the elf clan and was discovered by the parasitic zerg?
以上其实都不是最重要的原因，最重要的是虫蜜产量稀少，如果只是隔断时间卖一点点，那还好说。可供应整个精灵族？
In fact, the above is not the most important reason, the most important thing is that the production of insect honey is scarce, if it is only sold a little bit at intervals, it is easy to say. Can you supply the entire elves?
哪怕只是单独供应给土系精灵一族，那也不可能。 Even if it was only supplied to the Earth Elves alone, it would not be possible.
所以王叶只能卖成品思念糕，而且还要限量再限量。 Therefore, Wang Ye can only sell finished syllable cakes, and he must limit them again and again.
“思念糕的效用其实很有限，它并不是专门用来调养身体和修补资质缺损的药物，而是增加骨骼强度、给小崽磨牙的零食，其他作用只是很微小的一部分。”王叶在零食两字上加重语气。
"The effect of the missing cake is actually very limited, it is not a drug specially used to nourish the body and repair the defects of qualifications, but a snack to increase bone strength and grind the teeth of the cubs, and other effects are only a very small part." Wang Ye accentuated his tone on the word snack.
树雨苦笑：“就只有这么微小的一部分作用也很有用了，祭司亲口夸赞这种思念糕药性极为温和，十分适合小崽们。”
Shuyu smiled bitterly: "Only such a small part of the effect is also very useful, and the priest personally praised this kind of longing cake for its extremely mild medicinal properties, which is very suitable for the cubs." ”
王叶毫不谦虚地道：“那是自然，毕竟是我给金宝那个讨债鬼做的零食。”
Wang Ye said without modesty: "That's nature, after all, it's a snack I made for Jinbao's debt collector." ”
树雨连忙把王叶从头到脚都夸赞了一番。 Shu Yu hurriedly praised Wang Ye from head to toe.
王叶听得很爽，但该说的话还是要说：“比起思念糕，我建议还是给那些幼崽用点药剂比较好。起效快，效果更好，而且同样药性温和，对小崽们的身体不会有太大的刺激。”
Wang Ye listened very well, but he still had to say what he had to say: "Compared to the missing cake, I suggest that it is better to use some medicine for those cubs." It has a fast onset of action, a better effect, and the same mild medicinal properties, which will not stimulate the body of the cubs too much. ”
“这个……”树雨迟疑。 "This ......" Shuyu hesitated.
思念糕是魔食，王叶推荐的却是魔法药剂，相差有点大啊。
The missing cake is a magic food, but Wang Ye's recommendation is a magic potion, which is a bit different.
“其实思念糕一整块的效果还不如一支药剂。”王叶伸出手掌，掌心中有一瓶一毫升的药剂：“成品我已经做好，你可以带一支回去试试。如果你们觉得效果不错，可以再来找我。”
"In fact, the effect of a whole piece of missing cake is not as good as a potion." Wang Ye stretched out his palm, and there was a bottle of a milliliter of potion in his palm: "I have finished the finished product, you can take one back and try it." If you think it works well, you can come back to me. ”
“那思念糕？” "What about the cake?"
“没货了，已经给金宝偷吃光了。”还带上了雷木这个帮凶。王叶表示他也很无奈啊。
"It's out of stock, and it's been eaten up by Jinbao." also brought Thunderwood as an accomplice. Wang Ye said that he was also helpless.
树雨听到这话，特别想把金宝扯过来打屁屁。就金宝现在的健康程度，他有必要吃思念糕吗？气！
When Shuyu heard this, he especially wanted to pull Jinbao over and beat his ass. With Jinbao's current health, is it necessary for him to eat miss cake? Gas!
第130章 暴露 Chapter 130: Exposed
“树雨，我们从金宝儿那里问出一些事。”雷木一脸谈正事的表情。
"Shuyu, we asked about something from Kimbell." Reimu had a serious expression on his face.
“什么事？”树雨笑着问。他先没在意，可听着听着，眉头就紧紧皱了起来。
"What's the matter?" Shuyu asked with a smile. He didn't pay attention to it at first, but as he listened, his brows furrowed.
“这事希望你们暂时不要说出去。”树雨握紧双拳，凉气从脚底往心里钻。精灵族，糟糕了！
"I hope you don't talk about this for now." Shuyu clenched his fists, and the cool air drilled from the soles of his feet to his heart. Elves, oops!
“那是当然。” "Of course."
事情紧急，树雨就没耽搁，从王叶手里买了一批打虫药，带上那支据说效果比思念糕更好的药剂就迅速返回土系精灵族地。
The matter was urgent, so Shu Yu did not delay, bought a batch of insect fighting medicine from Wang Ye, and quickly returned to the earth elf clan land with the medicine that was said to be more effective than the Sinian cake.
听完树雨汇报，土系祭司转头就联系了金系祭司，让他细查育幼园的精灵们，尤其是名字中带有鼎字的，说怀疑有智慧寄生虫族已经寄生了某些精灵。
After listening to Shuyu's report, the earth priest turned his head and contacted the gold priest and asked him to carefully check the elves in the nursery, especially those with the word ding in their names, saying that they suspected that the intelligent parasitic Zerg had parasitized some elves.
金系祭司听了这话后很生气，说这是污蔑，又问土系祭司消息来源。
When the golden priest heard this, he was very angry, saying that it was slander, and asked the earth priest about the source.
土系祭司当然不会出卖王叶和雷木，只说是他自己推测出来的。
Of course, the earth priest would not betray Wang Ye and Lei Mu, but only said that he had speculated it himself.
金系祭司虽然不高兴，但好歹说了他会去查个究竟。 Although the priest of the gold system was not happy, he said that he would find out.
金系祭司大概不甘心，还讽刺土系祭司道：“听说你们族的幼崽吃了那人类的打虫药后，拉得都虚脱了？有些幼崽的资质都毁了？”
The gold priest was probably unwilling, and sarcastically said to the earth priest: "I heard that the cubs of your clan collapsed after eating the human insecticide? Some of the cubs' qualifications are ruined? ”
土系祭司没否认，还反问：“难道你们那儿不是这样？”
The earth priest did not deny it, but asked, "Isn't that the case with you?" ”
金系祭司骄傲道：“当然不是这样，我们的药师可要比那人类药师优秀得多，只要知道那些寄生虫的弱点，他们研究出来的药剂不但能打下虫子，更不会损伤幼崽的身体。”
The golden priest said proudly: "Of course not, our medicine master is much better than that human medicine master, as long as they know the weakness of those parasites, the potion they have developed can not only defeat the worms, but also not damage the body of the cubs." ”
“是吗？”土系祭司半信半疑。 "Really?" The earth priest was skeptical.
金系祭司还“好意”地提醒土系祭司：“你小心点，人类研制出来的打虫药里还不知道含了什么成分。听说你们那里还冒出一种魔食，可以少许恢复幼崽的身体？那魔食不会也是人类烹制的吧？”
The gold priest also reminded the earth priest "kindly": "Be careful, I don't know what ingredients are in the insect medicine developed by humans." I heard that there is a kind of magic food that can restore the body of the cub a little? Wouldn't that be a human cook? ”
土系祭司：“你的消息倒是灵通。” Earth Priest: "You're well informed. ”
金系祭司：“呵。到这时你还没有察觉吗？这明显就是人类的阴谋，先用打虫药毁坏精灵幼崽的身体，再贩卖可以略微修复幼崽身体的魔食给我们，不但赚了两遍钱，还赢得了你们的感激，更让精灵幼崽们的资质下降。这是多么恶毒的连环计！”
Golden Priest: "Huh." Haven't you noticed it by this time? This is obviously a human conspiracy, first using insect medicine to destroy the body of the elf cubs, and then selling us the magic food that can slightly repair the body of the cubs, not only made money twice, but also won your gratitude, and made the elf cubs less qualified. What a vicious serial scheme! ”
土系祭司：“……”他竟然觉得金系祭司说得有点道理怎么办？
Earth Priest: "......" What should he do if he thinks that the Golden Priest has a bit of a point?
但还好他头脑足够清醒，那打虫药为了保证没问题，他们大人都吃了，药师更是查过几十遍，确定没问题才给幼崽吃下。
But fortunately, he was sober enough, and in order to ensure that there was no problem, the pestworm medicine was eaten by all the adults, and the pharmacist checked it dozens of times to make sure that there was no problem before giving it to the cubs.
土系祭司先道谢，后慢腾腾地说道：“你们也小心一点。我虽然对智慧寄生虫族不太了解，但根据我族留下来的远古传说，有一种虫子确实可以寄生在生物体内，并吸取对方的能量和养分和一切，来壮大自己。如果我族幼崽们感染的就是这种虫子的后代，那么这种虫子被打出来后，幼崽们的身体怎么可能还保持原样？”
The earth priest thanked him first, and then said slowly, "Be careful, too. Although I don't know much about the intelligent parasitic zerg, according to the ancient legends left by my clan, there is a bug that can indeed parasitize in the body of living beings, and absorb the energy and nutrients of the other party and everything to strengthen itself. If the infants of our tribe are infected with the offspring of this bug, how can the cubs' bodies remain the same after the bug is beaten? ”
土系祭司一顿：“倒是没有把虫子打干净的情况下，那些虫子也可以反过来为宿主提供能量，倒是能让宿主看起来如同往常一样，实际上这只是一种欺骗手法，就是为了让大家相信虫子已经被打干净了。”
The earth priest paused: "If the bugs are not cleaned, those bugs can also provide energy to the host in turn, but they can make the host look the same as usual, but in fact this is just a deception trick, just to make everyone believe that the bugs have been cleaned." ”
金系祭司嘴硬地表示土系祭司不可理喻，明明就是人族的阴谋，非要扯到远古传说头上。但他心里到底怎么想的，就只有他自己知道了。
The golden priest said stiffly that the earth priest was unreasonable, and it was obviously a conspiracy of the human race, and he had to be involved in ancient legends. But what he really thinks in his heart, only he knows.
“你还是再好好查查吧，好歹那些幼崽都是你们族和我们整个精灵族的未来。我们已经缺少了木系，不能再少其他任何一系了。”土系祭司用更慢的语调说道。
"You'd better check it out again, after all, those cubs are the future of your clan and our entire elven clan. We are already missing the wood system, and we can't miss any other system. The earth priest said in a slower tone.
金系祭司气得不想再跟土系祭司说话。 The gold priest was so angry that he didn't want to talk to the earth priest anymore.
为了整个精灵族着想，土系祭司又顶着大祭司的不快，把这事也同样汇报给了大祭司。
For the sake of the entire elven race, the earth priest also reported this matter to the high priest despite the high priest's displeasure.
大祭司虽然讽刺了他，但也表示会亲自过问这件事。 Although the high priest mocked him, he also said that he would personally inquire into the matter.
土系祭司没有因为金系祭司和大祭司说去查就放心，他和族长商量后，更加强了土系精灵族地的防守，并开始内部进行第二遍筛查，尤其是育幼园的精灵们。
The earth priest was not relieved because the gold priest and the high priest said to investigate, and after discussing with the patriarch, he strengthened the defense of the earth elf clan land, and began to conduct a second screening internally, especially the elves in the nursery.
这一查，他们发现有个别精灵以出去办事的名义离开了族地，他们派人去追踪这名精灵，却发现再也找不到对方。
During this investigation, they found that a certain elf had left the clan land in the name of going out to run errands, and they sent people to track down the elf, but found that they could no longer find each other.
这一事实让土系祭司和族长更加快了隔离带和检查带的建设。
This fact led the earthen priests and patriarchs to speed up the construction of the separation and inspection belts.
“金宝说的那个会吸收他能量的幼崽，我们没从他身上查出异样，但他和金宝一样都是在外面孵化的。”土系族长手指不断敲着膝盖，他的心情很糟糕。
土系祭司：“是有人送回来的吗？”
“不是。是我们的战士在外面做任务，遇到一个快死的人类，那人类把幼崽托付给了他。”
“这么巧？”
“是啊，当时不觉得什么，现在想想，真的太巧了。”
“这些年族里找回来和被送回来的幼崽一共有几个？”
“只去年就有四个。” "Last year alone, there were four."
两位精灵首领互看，幼崽被找到和被送回来时，大家都十分欢欣鼓舞，压根就没想到其他，可现在闹出寄生虫的事情后，再看这个数字，就会发现这个数字真的太不正常了。
The two elf leaders looked at each other, and when the cub was found and sent back, everyone was very happy, and they didn't think of anything else at all, but now after the parasite thing happened, if you look at this number again, you will find that this number is really abnormal.
“这之前呢？” "Before that?"
“还在统计，我们系的前十年都没有遇到这种好事，但其他系就不知道了。”
"It's still counting, our department didn't encounter this kind of good thing in the first ten years, but other departments don't know about it."
祭司和族长亲自去看了那个去年找回来的幼崽，这个幼崽也生了寄生虫并吃了打虫药，看上去奄奄一息，和其他幼崽一模一样。
The priest and the patriarch went to see the cub who had been retrieved last year, who had also given birth to parasites and had taken insecticide, and looked like he was dying, just like the other cubs.
祭司和药师再三查看这个幼崽，没再在他身体内发现一条虫子，但出于谨慎，他们还是把这只幼崽单独隔离和看管了起来，对外则说是幼崽身体不好，只能重点照顾。
The priest and the medicine man checked the cub again and again, and found not a single worm in his body, but out of caution, they still isolated and guarded the cub alone, saying that the cub was not in good health and could only be cared for.
土系祭司考虑再三，冒着被大祭司和王怒斥和惩罚的后果，又暗中通知了其他系的祭司和族长，让他们千万彻查族内到底有没有被智慧寄生虫族寄生的精灵，尤其是育幼园，并把对幼崽的怀疑也说了。
The earth priest thought about it again and again, and at the risk of being reprimanded and punished by the high priest and the king, he secretly informed the priests and patriarchs of other departments, asking them to thoroughly investigate whether there were any elves parasitized by the wisdom parasitic zerg in the clan, especially the nursery, and also said that they were suspicious of the cubs.
对于土系的紧张，其他系精灵都觉得土系太过小题大做，有些精灵还嘲笑土系精灵见风就是雨，说不就是一些小小的寄生虫吗，也就传染小幼崽，成年精灵都没事，而且现在都已经解决了，还那么害怕做什么？
For the tension of the soil system, the elves of other departments feel that the earth system is too trivial, and some elves also laugh at the earth elves for seeing the wind and rain, saying that they are not just some small parasites, and they also infect the little cubs, and the adult elves are fine, and now they have been solved, and they are still so afraid to do something?
土系中有些精灵也不理解祭司和族长的作为，但他们不少都亲眼看到那些幼崽拉出大量的虫子，觉得族里搞得严厉一点，暂时和其他族隔离也是好事，反正对他们正常生活也没有太大影响，如果能因此让寄生虫早点消灭，那不是很好吗？
Some elves in the earth system don't understand the actions of priests and patriarchs, but many of them have seen those cubs pull out a large number of bugs, and they think that the clan is a little stricter, and it is a good thing to temporarily isolate from other clans, anyway, it doesn't have much impact on their normal life, if they can let the parasites be eliminated as soon as possible, wouldn't it be great?
土系精灵们会这么想，可能跟他们是土系也有很大关系，土系精灵大多性情平和，还极为团结，最重要的是土系精灵也只是表面看着老实，其实都精明在心里，自家祭司和族长做的事对他们是好是坏，他们还是能分辨出来的。
The earth elves will think so, it may have a lot to do with the fact that they are the earth system, most of the earth elves are peaceful and extremely united, and the most important thing is that the earth elves only look honest on the surface, but in fact, they are all shrewd in their hearts, and they can still tell whether what their priests and patriarchs do is good or bad for them.
土系祭司和族长也不是不想彻底对全族公开智慧寄生虫族的消息，可是在大祭司和王都不支持他们的情况下，他们如果单独公开这个消息，很可能会引来其他系精灵的惶恐和愤怒，土系精灵也会成为被抨击的对象。
It's not that the earth priests and patriarchs don't want to completely disclose the news of the wisdom parasite to the whole clan, but in the case that the high priest and the king don't support them, if they make this news public alone, it is likely to attract the fear and anger of other elves, and the earth elves will also become the target of criticism.
而大面积的惶恐并不是什么好事，太容易发生乱子。 And a large area of panic is not a good thing, it is too easy to cause chaos.
所以土系祭司和族长也能理解大祭司和王的谨慎，现在只能希望这两位能在暗中调查寄生虫族的事，而不是真的什么也没做。
Therefore, the earth priest and the patriarch can also understand the caution of the high priest and the king, and now they can only hope that these two can secretly investigate the affairs of the parasitic tribe, instead of really doing nothing.
金系祭司虽然嘴巴很硬，但他左想右想还是很不安，就让弟子们去调查育幼园。
Although the golden priest had a hard mouth, he was still very uneasy when he thought about it, so he asked his disciples to investigate the nursery.
弟子们回报上来，说育幼园一切安好。 The disciples came back and said that everything was fine in the nursery.
“我记得育幼园院长叫鼎云？”金系祭司冷不丁地问。 "I remember that the director of the nursery is called Dingyun?" The golden priest asked coldly.
三弟子低头，回答：“是。” The third disciple bowed his head and replied, "Yes." ”
“让他来见我。” "Let him come to me."
“……是。”三弟子担心，他隐瞒了很多事，如果鼎云来了，都告诉祭司怎么办？
“…… Be. "The third disciple is worried, he is hiding a lot of things, what if Dingyun comes and tells the priest?
三弟子决定先和鼎云见一面，和他好好谈谈。 The third disciple decided to meet with Ding Yun first and have a good talk with him.
半天后，鼎云来了。 Half a day later, Dingyun came.
金系祭司突然抓住他，鼎云吓了一跳，单膝跪下。
金系祭司不断用能量检查鼎云，没在他身体里发现任何异样。他还暗中戴了石棉护腕，但鼎云也没任何特殊反应。
The golden priest kept checking Ding Yun with energy, but he didn't find anything unusual in his body. He also secretly wore asbestos bracers, but Dingyun didn't have any special reaction.
金系祭司暗中吐出一口气，心下越发认为土系祭司大惊小怪。但是……
The gold priest secretly exhaled, and in his heart he thought that the earth priest was making a fuss. But......
他放开鼎云的手腕，挥手让他起来：“育幼园现在怎样？寄生虫的源头查到了吗？”
He let go of Dingyun's wrist and waved him up: "How is the nursery now?" Has the source of the parasite been found? ”
“育幼园现在一切都好，有了药师们炼制的打虫药，幼崽们肚子里的虫子都打下来了。”鼎云小心翼翼地回答：“至于寄生虫的源头……我们怀疑是吃了某种带有寄生虫卵的兽肉，现在凡是入口的兽肉，我们都会检查再检查。”
"Everything is fine in the nursery now, with the insecticides refined by the pharmacists, the worms in the stomachs of the cubs have been beaten." Ding Yun replied cautiously: "As for the source of the parasite...... We suspect that we have eaten some kind of animal meat with parasite eggs, and now we will check and re-examine all the animal meat that is ingested. ”
“嗯，那里可是育幼园，再怎么小心也不为过。” "Well, it's a nursery, so you can't be too careful."
祭司又询问了一些问题，重点询问这几年被送回来和被找回来的幼崽是否都找到了亲生父母。
The priest asked a number of questions, focusing on whether the cubs that had been sent back and recovered in recent years had found their biological parents.
鼎云一一回答。 Dingyun answered one by one.
祭司最后又让育幼园的所有工作人员全都来见他，说是要勉励他们。
Eventually, the priest asked all the nursery staff to come to him, saying that they were trying to encourage them.
鼎云激动得答应了。 Dingyun excitedly agreed.
当鼎云离开祭司殿，不少精灵都看到他脸色有些苍白，但所有精灵都以为鼎云是太紧张和被批评的缘故。
When Dingyun left the priest's hall, many elves saw that his face was a little pale, but all the elves thought that Dingyun was too nervous and criticized.
实际上谁也不知道鼎云的衣服都被汗水湿透。 In fact, no one knew that Dingyun's clothes were soaked with sweat.
鼎云头很疼很疼，之前祭司突然抓住他的手腕，他也不知是不是太紧张的缘故，只觉得浑身不舒服，只想迅速逃离祭司。
Ding Yun's head hurt very much, and the priest suddenly grabbed his wrist before, and he didn't know if it was because he was too nervous, he only felt uncomfortable, and he just wanted to escape from the priest quickly.
但他硬是忍耐下来，后来感到祭司的能量在他身体里周转，他更是一动不敢动。
But he endured it, and then he felt the priest's energy circling in his body, and he did not dare to move.
幸好他像是过关了？ Luckily, he seems to have passed the test?
鼎云想吐，但他硬忍着，直到回到家中才倒了下来。 Dingyun wanted to vomit, but he endured it until he returned home and collapsed.
他的伴侣吓了一跳，连忙抱住他，不住呼唤他的名字。 His partner was startled and hurriedly hugged him, calling his name incessantly.
鼎云睁开眼睛，一把抓住伴侣的手腕：“抱歉。” Dingyun opened his eyes and grabbed his partner's wrist: "I'm sorry." ”
“什么？”鼎云伴侣不明白丈夫怎么突然跟他道歉。 "What?" Dingyun's partner didn't understand why her husband suddenly apologized to him.
忽然，鼎云伴侣感觉到身体里大量能量流失，全都流向了丈夫的……手腕。
Suddenly, Dingyun's partner felt a large amount of energy in his body drained, and all of it flowed to her husband's ...... Wrist.
鼎云伴侣终于感到不妙，挣扎起来：“鼎云，你怎么了？快放开我，你抓疼我了！”
Dingyun's partner finally felt bad and struggled: "Dingyun, what's wrong with you?" Let go of me, you're scratching me! ”
鼎云死死抓住伴侣手腕。 Dingyun grabbed his partner's wrist tightly.
鼎云伴侣忽然看到鼎云的手腕和她的手腕相连处似乎有几根白白的线相连。
Dingyun's partner suddenly saw that there seemed to be several white threads connecting Dingyun's wrist to hers.
“你！”鼎云伴侣大惊失色，就在她要叫出来之际，她身体中的能量更加快速流失。
"You!" Dingyun's companion was shocked, and just as she was about to call out, the energy in her body drained even faster.
“救命……”鼎云伴侣喉头肌肉快失去效用，她好不容易才逼出这两个字，声音却小得可怜。
"Help......" Dingyun's partner was about to lose its laryngeal muscles, and she finally forced out these two words, but her voice was pitifully small.
鼎云眼中忽然冒出泪水。 Tears suddenly welled up in Ding Yun's eyes.
“轰！” "Boom!"
鼎云家的大门突然被撞开。 The door of Dingyun's house was suddenly slammed open.
鼎云察觉不妙，迅速放开伴侣的手腕，转身就逃。 Dingyun sensed that something was wrong, quickly let go of his partner's wrist, turned around and fled.
“抓住他！别让他跑了！” "Catch him! Don't let him run! ”
鼎云伴侣倒在地上，身体整个都缩水了一圈，但没人敢靠近她。
Dingyun's partner fell to the ground, and her whole body shrank in a circle, but no one dared to approach her.
“去报告祭司，快！” "Go and report to the priests, quick!"
一群精灵战士去追踪逃跑的鼎云，还有人回头去禀告祭司。
A group of elven warriors went to track down Dingyun who had escaped, and some people turned back to tell the priest.
刺耳的警戒哨声在这一片响起。 A shrill warning whistle sounded in the area.
所有听到的精灵全都迅速进入战斗状态。 All the elves who heard it quickly entered the battle mode.
“鼎云叛变！抓住鼎云，远距离攻击，小心不要被他靠近！”一只魔器飞到空中，不断传出警告话语。
"Dingyun mutiny! Grab Dingyun, attack from a distance, and be careful not to get close to him! A magic weapon flew into the air, and words of warning kept coming out.
不到片刻，整个金系精灵族地都知道了鼎云叛变的事，所有精灵都在寻找鼎云。
In less than a moment, the entire Golden Elf Clan knew about Dingyun's rebellion, and all the elves were looking for Dingyun.
育幼园也被精灵战士包围起来，里面所有工作人员和幼崽都不能离开。
The nursery is also surrounded by elven warriors, and all the staff and cubs inside cannot leave.
祭司降临到育幼园，鼎云的家也就在这里。 The priest descended to the nursery, and Dingyun's home was here.
看到鼎云伴侣那快被吸干的模样，金系祭司脸色极为难看，当即挥手让药师去救治那可怜精灵。
Seeing the appearance of Dingyun's companion who was about to be sucked dry, the golden priest's face was extremely ugly, and he immediately waved his hand to let the pharmacist go and treat the poor elf.
他确实没有从鼎云身上查出任何问题，但作为精灵族祭司，他的直觉告诉他，鼎云身上的气息有异，虽然只有一点点，普通精灵可能都发现不了，但他可是祭司！
He really didn't find any problems with Ding Yun, but as a priest of the elf clan, his intuition told him that the aura on Ding Yun's body was different, although it was only a little bit, ordinary elves might not be able to find it, but he was a priest!
在鼎云离开后，他就让祭司殿的守护战士去跟踪鼎云，原本只是一个谨慎措施，他并没有真的指望查出什么，结果……
After Ding Yun left, he asked the guardian warriors of the Priest Hall to follow Ding Yun, which was originally just a cautious measure, and he didn't really expect to find out anything, but the result was ......
金系祭司处在极度暴怒状态，他不是气鼎云有可能被见鬼的虫子寄生，他是气他真的在育幼园查出有问题的精灵，这让他以后见到土系祭司，还怎么抬得起头？
The golden priest was in a state of extreme rage, he was not angry that Dingyun could be parasitized by hellish insects, he was angry that he really found out the problematic elf in the nursery, which made him see the earth priest in the future, how could he hold his head up?
金系鼎云一事没能隐瞒得住，毕竟当时的声势太大。 The matter of Jin Dingyun could not be hidden, after all, the momentum at that time was too great.
其他族知道真的有精灵被寄生，竟连他的妻子都没察觉，还差点被害死时，都不敢再把土系祭司的提醒和警告不放在心上。
When the other tribes knew that there were really elves being parasitized, they didn't even notice that his wife was almost killed, and they didn't dare to ignore the reminders and warnings of the earth priests.
大祭司和精灵王也终于传下明旨，让各系精灵全都展开彻查，并把在这五年内被送回来以及被找回来的精灵幼崽全部单独隔离。
The High Priest and the Elven King have finally issued a decree that all the elves of all the lines will carry out a thorough investigation, and all the elven cubs that have been sent back and recovered in the past five years will be isolated separately.
各系精灵最先查的就是育幼园，凡是在育幼园工作的精灵全都被隔离和看押，就算没有检查出问题，也没把他们放走。
The first elves of each department to check are the nursery, and all the elves working in the nursery are all isolated and guarded, even if there is no problem detected, they are not let go.
包括高层，也在自查，而且查得更严更凶。 Including the high-level, they are also self-examining, and the investigation is stricter and more fierce.
什么事都怕仔细查，只要国家机器认真转动起来，很多之前看不到的脏污都浮出了表面。
I am afraid to scrutinize everything, and as long as the state apparatus turns seriously, a lot of dirt that I couldn't see before will surface.
各系精灵都有精灵失踪，或突然离开精灵族地。 Elves of all genres have disappeared or left the elven land suddenly.
对于这些突然离开的精灵，精灵族派出了精灵战士追杀他们。
For these elves who left suddenly, the elven clan sent elven warriors to hunt them down.
还有这些年失踪的精灵，经过仔细侦查后发现，竟然有不少精灵不是失踪，而是很可能被杀死了。
There are also elves who have disappeared over the years, and after careful investigation, it was found that many elves were not missing, but were likely to be killed.
为什么没有尸体？ Why are there no corpses?
只看鼎云伴侣的模样就知道，如果不是跟踪的精灵战士察觉不对，及时破门而入，那鼎云伴侣十成十会被吸成人干进而被彻底吃掉都有可能。
Just by looking at the appearance of the Dingyun companion, you can know that if it weren't for the elf warrior who was tracking and noticed that something was wrong and broke in in time, then ten percent of the Dingyun companion would be sucked dry and then completely eaten.
金系祭司的三弟子也被查出有问题，药师们在他的精神核附近发现了一团阴影，怀疑他被寄生了。
The three disciples of the Golden Priest were also found to have a problem, and the pharmacists found a shadow near his spiritual core, suspecting that he was parasitized.
该精灵被查出有问题，还不可置信，直嚷嚷自己不可能被寄生。但后来这位想到他曾单独和鼎云待在一个房间，还收了鼎云的礼物后，他颓了。
The elf was found to have a problem, and it was incredulous, shouting that it could not be parasitized. But then he thought that he had stayed in the same room with Dingyun alone and received Dingyun's gift, and he was depressed.
土系祭司和族长见全族都开始认真筛查，总算都松了口气。
The earth priests and patriarchs were relieved to see that the whole clan had begun to screen carefully.
土系精灵们最高兴，让你们不相信我们，嘲笑我们，现在知道厉害了吧？
The earth elves are the happiest, so that you don't believe us and laugh at us, now you know that it is powerful, right?
土系精灵们心里特骄傲，他们有位好祭司和负责的好族长。
The earth elves are very proud that they have a good priest and a good patriarch in charge.
随着筛查进一步展开，精灵族各系药师也倒霉了。 As the screening progressed, the elven pharmacists were also unlucky.
事情首先出在水系，水系祭司跟土系买了部分王叶炼制的打虫药，但自己的药师也做了一部分。
The matter first came out of the water system, and the priest of the water system and the earth system bought some of the insect fighting medicine refined by Wang Ye, but his own pharmacist also made a part.
两者的使用效果貌似都差不多，但服用后，精灵幼崽的精神面貌却完全不同。
The effect of using both seems to be similar, but after taking it, the spirit of the elf cub is completely different.
其他族没有对比，还好说。 There is no comparison with the other races, so it's okay to say.
水系有对比，看到差别这么大，自然要仔细查。 There is a contrast in the water system, and when you see such a big difference, you should naturally check it carefully.
他们跟金系祭司一样，一开始怀疑人类制作的打虫药有问题，会伤害到幼崽的身体。
Like the gold priests, they initially suspected that there was something wrong with the insect medicine made by humans, and that it would harm the bodies of the cubs.
有些精灵家长甚至拒绝使用王叶的打虫药，坚持要使用自己族的药师打虫药。
Some elf parents even refused to use Wang Ye's anti-insect medicine, insisting on using their own clan's pharmacist anti-insect medicine.
水系祭司出于谨慎，也把王叶打虫药暂时收起，只用精灵药师炼制的打虫药。
Out of caution, the water priest also temporarily put away the king leaf insect medicine and only used the insect medicine refined by the elf medicine man.
可等金系那边变相实锤了智慧寄生虫族存在并真的寄生了精灵后，水系祭司总觉得心里不踏实，心想既然要重点调查育幼园，那就把之前打过虫子的幼崽们也好好再查一遍，免得有谁被寄生都不知道。
But after the golden system actually hammered the existence of the intelligent parasitic zerg in disguise and really parasitized the elves, the water priest always felt unsteady, and thought that since he wanted to focus on investigating the nursery, then check the cubs who had beaten the insects before, so as not to know who was parasitized.
结果不查不知道，这一查不得了了。 I don't know if I don't check the results, and this one can't be checked.
原本以为幼崽肚子里的虫子都已经打干净，可隔了几日再检查，竟然发现他们肚子里又冒出了虫影。
I thought that the worms in the cubs' stomachs had been cleaned, but when I checked them a few days later, I found that there were insect shadows in their stomachs again.
水系祭司差点气炸，这些幼崽打完虫子后，他和药师们都一个个检查过，确定都没了虫子的，结果不过数日，这些虫子竟然又冒出来了！
The priest of the water system almost exploded, after these cubs finished fighting the bugs, he and the pharmacists checked them one by one, and made sure that there were no bugs, but only a few days later, these bugs actually popped up again!
这还没完没了了？ It's not endless?
但随着对幼崽检查的展开，水系精灵们发现了一件奇事，那就是不是所有幼崽肚子里都有虫子。
But as the examination of the cubs unfolded, the water elves discovered a strange thing, and that was that not all cubs had bugs in their stomachs.
经过分辨，其实也很好分辨，谁吃过什么打虫药，育幼园都有记录。
After distinguishing, it is actually very easy to distinguish, who has eaten what insecticide, and the nursery has a record.
反正不到一天，水系精灵们就发现凡是吃过那个王叶打虫药的幼崽，虽然身体虚弱，但肚子里确实没虫了，连个虫卵都没有。
Anyway, in less than a day, the water elves found that all the cubs who had eaten the king leaf insect medicine were weak, but there were indeed no worms in their stomachs, not even eggs.
而吃了他们自己药师制作出来的打虫药的幼崽，则都有虫子残留，区别只是多少。
The pups that ate the insect fighting medicine made by their own pharmacist all had insect residues, and the difference was only how much.
药师们当然无法接受这个结果，纷纷大喊冤枉。 Of course, the pharmacists could not accept this result and shouted one after another.
但不管冤不冤，药师们包括他们的弟子和助手，以及提供药材的相关者，全都暂时被看押起来。
But regardless of whether they were wronged or not, the pharmacists, including their disciples and assistants, as well as those involved in the provision of medicinal materials, were all temporarily placed under detention.
水系祭司和族长头大无比，一次又一次审问和调查，最后发现不是所有药师都有问题，只有一名大药师十分可疑。
The water priest and patriarch Tou Da Titan, interrogated and investigated again and again, and finally found that not all the medicine men had problems, and only one of the great medicine masters was very suspicious.
因为就是这位大药师提出打虫药会伤害幼崽的身体，建议加入一种药材，说这种药材可以在帮助打虫的同时还能保护幼崽身体不受伤害。
Because it was the great pharmacist who proposed that the insect medicine would harm the body of the cubs, it was suggested that a medicinal herb should be added, saying that this herb could help fight insects while protecting the body of the cubs from harm.
其他药师检查过这种药材，虽然不确定是不是对幼崽身体有好处，但确定没有任何毒副作用，加上那大药师本身很有名气，有他作保，大家就使用了。
Other pharmacists checked this herb, and although they were not sure if it was good for the cubs, they were sure that there were no toxic side effects, and the great pharmacist himself was very famous, so with him as a guarantee, everyone used it.
而药师们之间都有联系，新的打虫药配方也是一起研究出来，最后选择了配比和效果最好的一份，这份配方中自然就加了那名大药师推荐的叫做地乌的药材。
The pharmacists have a connection with each other, and the new formula of the insecticide is also studied together, and finally the best ratio and effect are selected, and this formula naturally adds the medicinal material called Diwu recommended by the great pharmacist.
水系祭司和族长还查到，这名药师还借着水系全体药师都使用地乌这个名头，把这种药材推荐给了其他系精灵药师。
The priests and patriarchs of the water system also found out that this medicine master also recommended this medicinal material to other elven medicine masters by using the name of Diwu used by all the medicine masters of the water system.
除了土系因为药师不足的问题，只能使用王叶打虫药以外，火系和金系的药师也都使用了地乌这味药材。
In addition to the soil system, due to the shortage of pharmacists, can only use the king leaf insect medicine, the fire and gold pharmacists also use the flavor of Diwu.
找到了这个疑似原因所在，药师们自然集中全力重新分析这个叫做地乌的药材。
After finding out the suspected cause, the pharmacists naturally concentrated their efforts on re-analyzing this medicinal material called Diwu.
后来他们发现这种药材别的作用没用，就是会吸收石棉粉末，虽然不能吸收全部，但也大大降低了石棉粉末对寄生虫的影响。
Later, they found that this medicinal herb was useless for other purposes, that is, it would absorb asbestos powder, although it could not absorb all of it, but it also greatly reduced the effect of asbestos powder on parasites.
而那些寄生虫也非常狡猾，它们在祭司和药师检查时，剩下的寄生虫全都化作液体状态，虽然这种状态不能保持太长时间，但糊弄祭司和药师的眼睛也足够了。
And those parasites are also very cunning, and when they are examined by the priests and pharmacists, all the remaining parasites turn into a liquid state, and although this state cannot be maintained for too long, it is enough to fool the eyes of the priests and medicine men.
等到检查结束，这些液化的寄生虫又重新凝聚出实体，继续祸害幼崽。
By the time the examination was over, the liquefied parasites had regrouped and continued to plague the cubs.
水系祭司抹汗，幸好他没把从土系祭司那里买来的王叶打虫药扔掉，当即就给那些幼崽重新发下打虫药，过了几日再给他们检查，果然肚子里都干净了。
The water priest wiped his sweat, but fortunately he didn't throw away the Wang Ye insecticide that he bought from the earth priest, so he immediately re-issued the insecticide to those cubs, and checked them again after a few days, and sure enough, their stomachs were clean.
只是这些被两次打虫的幼崽就遭了大罪，他们的情况比一开始服用王叶打虫药的幼崽都糟糕，有些幼崽甚至看着就快不行了。
It's just that these cubs who have been beaten twice have suffered a great sin, and their condition is worse than that of the cubs who took the king leaf insect medicine at the beginning, and some of the cubs are even dying when they look at it.
不止是水系，火系和金系的祭司收到水系祭司的通知，对幼崽重新检查后，也发现了同样的问题。
Not only the water system, but also the priests of the fire and gold systems were notified by the water priests and re-examined the cubs, and the same problem was discovered.
幼崽的父母们和各位精灵大佬怎么后悔就不说了，水系祭司刚刚听闻土系祭司手上似乎还有一种能恢复幼崽身体的魔药，当天就找了过去。
The parents of the cubs and the elves don't say how to regret it, the water priest just heard that the earth priest seems to have a potion in his hand that can restore the cub's body, so he looked for it on the same day.
第131章 悬赏 Chapter 131: Bounty
“我先说明，我得到的这个培元药剂也是人类魔药师制作。”土系祭司道。
"Let me explain first, this Peiyuan potion I got was also made by a human potion master." Earthen Priest Road.
水系祭司沉默了一会儿，问：“是制作打虫药的那个人类吗？”
The priest of the water system was silent for a while, and asked, "Is it the human who made the insect killer?" ”
“对，就是他。” "Yes, that's him."
“价格？” "Price?"
土系祭司意外地挑眉，没想到水系祭司这次这么干脆。 The earth priest raised his eyebrows unexpectedly, he didn't expect the water priest to be so crisp this time.
水系祭司一脸无奈地道：“因为之前把药师们都扣起来审问的事，药师们现在的情绪都很大，虽然他们表示理解，但想让他们做事，却没有以前那么方便了。”
The priest of the water system said helplessly: "Because of the matter of detaining the pharmacists for interrogation before, the pharmacists are in a lot of mood now, although they express their understanding, but they want them to do things, it is not as convenient as before." ”
土系祭司叹息：“谁还没点脾气呢，尤其是自认被冤枉的。”
The earth priest sighed, "Who doesn't have a temper, especially one who thinks he has been wronged." ”
“是啊。”水系祭司不想就这个问题深谈，转换话题道：“我也是看你敢用，我才敢用，如果没有你担保，我可不敢随便给幼崽们用人类的药剂。”
"yes." The water priest didn't want to talk deeply about this issue, so he changed the topic and said: "I also see that you dare to use it, I dare to use it, and without your guarantee, I don't dare to use human potions for the cubs casually." ”
大家都是活了几百年的老家伙，谁还不知道谁？土系祭司一听水系祭司的话，哪还不明白对方打的是什么主意，这是想让他担责呢。
Everyone is an old guy who has lived for hundreds of years, and who still doesn't know who? As soon as the earth priest heard the words of the water priest, he didn't understand what the other party was talking about, and he wanted him to be responsible.
原本他看在幼崽的份上，都不打算赚水系的钱了，但现在他改变主意了，还是赚一笔吧，就当担责费。
Originally, for the sake of the cubs, he didn't plan to make money from the water system, but now that he has changed his mind, he should make a profit, and he will be responsible.
“别人的药剂我不敢担保，但那位魔药师给出的培元药剂，我还是很有信心的。”土系祭司微笑着说道。
"I don't dare to guarantee other people's potions, but I am still very confident in the Peiyuan potion given by the potions master." The earth priest said with a smile.
水系祭司吐气，也露出笑容：“那培元药剂你能匀给我多少？”
The water priest exhaled and smiled: "How much can you give me the Peiyuan Elixir?" ”
土系祭司表示：“不是我不想匀给你，而是我手上也不多。那位药师到底只有一个人，他上次一共制作了二十支，已经给我全部买了过来，我族有那么多身体底子受损的幼崽，我当然要先紧着他们用。至于效果，我想你来的时候已经看到了。”
The earth priest said, "It's not that I don't want to give it to you, it's that I don't have much on my hands." There is only one person in the end, he made a total of twenty sticks last time, and he has already bought them all for me, and my clan has so many cubs with damaged bodies, of course I have to use them first. As for the effect, I think you already saw it when you came. ”
水系祭司确实先去看过那些服过药剂的幼崽，确定能极大改善幼崽受损的资质，才过来谈购买药剂的事。
The priest of the water system did go to see the cubs who had taken the potion first, and made sure that it could greatly improve the cubs' damaged qualifications before coming to talk about buying the potion.
“一支都没有吗？” "None of them?"
土系祭司摇头：“真没有。不过……” The earth priest shook his head: "Not really." But ......"
“不过什么？价格好说！” "But what? The price is good to say! ”
土系祭司失笑，“不过我上次已经让精灵过去跟那位药师谈妥，让他再紧急炼制一些培元药剂给我们。他答应了，但他说有一味主药，需要靠他契约的魔蜂来分泌，而想要魔蜂能多分泌虫蜜，就需要有品质较好的魔植，还要是在花期的。”
The earth priest laughed, "But last time, I asked the elf to negotiate with the medicine man, and asked him to urgently refine some Peiyuan potions for us." He agreed, but he said that there was a main medicine, which needed to be secreted by the demon bees he contracted, and if the demon bees could secrete more worm honey, they needed to have better quality magic plants, and they also needed to be in the flowering period. ”
水系祭司：“你的意思是……” Water Priest: "What do you mean ......?"
土系祭司：“我在想是不是可以请那位人类魔药师带着他的魔蜂进入无尽森海，正好我知道有一片山谷，里面的魔植纳金花已经开放，正是花期。”
Earth Priest: "I wondered if I could ask the human potion master to take his demon bee into the Endless Forest Sea, and it just so happened that I knew that there was a valley in which the magic plant Najin Flower had bloomed, and it was the flowering period. ”
水系祭司一下就听懂了土系祭司的意思，无尽森海属于他们精灵族的地盘，相当于后花园，一般都不会让人类或其他智慧种族进入，土系祭司想要让那人类魔药师进入无尽森海放蜂，必须再获得至少一名祭司同意。
The water priest immediately understood the meaning of the earth priest, the Endless Forest Sea belongs to the territory of their elf race, which is equivalent to the back garden, and generally does not allow humans or other intelligent races to enter, and the earth priest wants to let the human potion master enter the Endless Forest Sea to release bees, and must obtain the consent of at least one more priest.
只有两位以上的祭司同时发出邀请，对方才能进入无尽森海而不会遭到攻击。
Only if two or more priests invite at the same time can the other enter the Endless Forest Sea without being attacked.
水系祭司还在犹豫，偏在此时，土系祭司桌子上的联络水晶球亮了，一道人影浮现，竟然是火系祭司。
The water priest was still hesitating, but at this moment, the contact crystal ball on the earth priest's table lit up, and a figure appeared, which turned out to be the fire priest.
火系祭司看不到这边有谁，张口就道：“土岳，我听说你手上有能恢复幼崽缺损资质的魔药？你有多少，能分我一半吗？我可以出两倍价！”
The fire priest couldn't see who was here, so he opened his mouth and said, "Tuyue, I heard that you have a potion in your hand that can restore the cub's defective qualifications?" How many do you have, can you share half of me? I can pay twice as much! ”
土系祭司对水系祭司露出歉意的笑容，伸手指触摸水晶球，慢慢说道：“我现在有点事，等会儿跟你谈。”
The earth priest smiled apologetically at the water priest, stretched out his fingers to touch the crystal ball, and said slowly, "I have something to do now, I'll talk to you later." ”
火系祭司皱眉，但有求于人，还是同意了。 The fire priest frowned, but he agreed.
火系祭司的身影刚从水晶球消失，水系祭司就再无犹豫，迅速摆出他的条件：“我可以和你一同邀请那位人类魔药师进入无尽森海，但这一批培元药剂，我要一百支。”
As soon as the figure of the fire priest disappeared from the crystal ball, the water priest did not hesitate any longer, and quickly laid out his conditions: "I can invite that human potion master to enter the Endless Forest Sea with you, but I want a hundred of this batch of Peiyuan potions." ”
“太多了。”土系祭司皱眉：“我们族那么多幼崽也在等着这个药剂，而且那位药师这次到底能炼制出多少支药剂还不知道。我只能答应你，不管他炼制多少，我可以分你一半。但只有这批如此分，以后也许只有四分之一。”
"It's too much." The earth priest frowned: "So many cubs in our clan are also waiting for this potion, and I don't know how many potions that pharmacist can refine this time." I can only promise you that no matter how much he refines, I can give you half of it. But only this batch is so divided, and maybe only a quarter in the future. ”
水系祭司不愿意：“除了这批分我一半，这批之后的前五批，如果我还需要，我至少要三分之一。毕竟邀请那位人族，我也担了责任。”
The priest of the water system was unwilling: "Except for this batch to divide me in half, the first five batches after this batch, if I still need it, I will take at least a third." After all, I also took responsibility for inviting that Terran. ”
土系祭司沉吟片刻：“行，那就这样说定。” The earth priest pondered for a moment: "Okay, then it's decided." ”
水系祭司想到还在等待的火系祭司，也明白他不可能一直占有培元药剂的一半，这才提议了这个分配方案，还谈妥了购买价格。
The water priest thought of the fire priest who was still waiting, and also understood that he could not always possess half of Pei Yuan's potion, so he proposed this distribution plan and negotiated the purchase price.
商量妥当，水系祭司忽又道：“你有没有想过和那个人类把培元药剂的配方买过来？”
After discussing it properly, the water priest suddenly said again: "Have you ever thought about buying the recipe for Pei Yuan's potion with that human?" ”
土系祭司一脸憨厚地说：“当然想过，可……这不是不好意思开口吗。所以我想让对方带他的契约魔蜂进入无尽森海放蜂，再送他一批药材，让他深深感受到我们精灵族对他的友好，接下来谈事情也方便得多。”
The earth priest said with a humble face: "Of course I have thought about it, but ...... Isn't that embarrassing to speak? Therefore, I want the other party to take his contract demon bee into the Endless Forest Sea to release the bees, and then give him a batch of medicinal materials, so that he can deeply feel the friendliness of our elf clan to him, and it will be much more convenient to talk about things next. ”
水系祭司细思有理，当场就把邀请函写好，交给了土岳。
The priest of the water system thought carefully, wrote the invitation letter on the spot, and handed it to Tuyue.
同一时间，陨星魔法学校。 At the same time, the Falling Star School of Magic.
精灵族得到王叶的打虫药并知道寄生虫族可能讨厌石棉这件事，并没有告知陨星魔法学校。
The elves got Wang Ye's insect medicine and knew that the parasites might hate asbestos, so they didn't tell the Falling Star Magic School.
不是他们不信任陨星的魔药教授们，相反精灵们是不相信王叶给出的方法，觉得没必要把这种不确定的事告诉教授们。
It's not that they don't trust the Potions Professors of the Falling Star, on the contrary, the elves don't believe the method given by Wang Ye, and they feel that there is no need to tell the professors about this uncertain thing.
等到精灵们确认石棉粉末确实有效，很快又被卷入新发生的事件中，结果石棉的事竟然没有一个精灵想起来要去通知陨星魔法学校。
When the elves confirmed that the asbestos powder was indeed effective, they were soon involved in a new incident, and as a result, none of the elves remembered to inform the Falling Star School of Magic.
而那位留在学校，等待教授们研究出结果的药师助手给出了很多意见，但都不在点子上。
And the pharmacist assistant who stayed in the school and waited for the professors to come up with the results of their research gave a lot of advice, but none of them were on point.
某天这位药师助手说要回去精灵族地办点事，之后就再也没有回来过。
One day, the pharmacist's assistant said that he would go back to the elven land to do something, and he never came back since.
魔药教授们也没在意，只以为那精灵药师助手有事要做，再说那精灵药师留在他们这里也没给他们任何帮助，在不在都无所谓。
The Potions Professors didn't care, they just thought that the elven medicine master's assistant had something to do, and besides, the elf medicine master didn't give them any help when he stayed with them, so it didn't matter if he wasn't there.
眼看时间越拖越长，教授们仍旧没有任何头绪，担心精灵那边会埋怨……主要是丢不起那个脸，精灵族都求上门了，不过是打寄生虫这样的小事，可他们这么多魔药学教授研究一个月都无法解决，说出去真的很没脸。
Seeing that the time was getting longer and longer, the professors still had no clue, worried that the elves would complain...... The main reason is that they can't afford to lose that face, the elves have all begged to come to the door, but it's just a trivial matter like fighting parasites, but they can't solve it for a month with so many potions professors, and it's really shameless to say it.
精灵族不少精灵原本就不怎么看得上人类，这事之后说不定会看不上他们，以后有麻烦也不会来求助。
Many elves in the elven clan didn't look down on humans in the first place, and they might not look down on them after this incident, and they wouldn't come to ask for help if they were in trouble in the future.
陨星不是想让精灵族求着自己，而是陨星和精灵族是互利互助的关系，可如果陨星不能给精灵族提供帮助，那他们凭什么从精灵族地得到各种好处？
The meteorite doesn't want the elves to beg for themselves, but the meteorite and the elves are in a mutually beneficial relationship, but if the meteorite can't help the elves, then why do they get all kinds of benefits from the elves?
“要么再请其他教授一起加入？”飞离教授觉得这事还是他先开口吧。
"Or do you want to ask the other professors to join us?" Professor Feili thought that he should speak first.
研究虫子的那位教授抬起头：“找谁？找几个？” The professor who studied the bugs looked up: "Who are you looking for?" Looking for a few? ”
另一名教授没说话，他觉得再给他们一些时间，他们应该能找到解决方法，只是他们现在缺的就是时间。
The other professor didn't speak, he felt that if they were given some more time, they should be able to find a solution, but what they lacked now was time.
飞离教授报出几个名字，看向另两位教授。 Flying away Professor gave a few names and looked at the other two professors.
研究虫子的那位教授是最不想别人加进来的，这样会显得他们很无能，可是学校已经几次在催促，他们如果再拿不出结果，说不定校方会另外安排一个小组进行研究，到时候他们脸面会更难看。
The professor who studied the bugs was the last one who wanted others to be added, which would make them appear incompetent, but the school had been urging them several times, and if they couldn't get the results again, maybe the school would arrange another team to conduct research, and then their faces would be even more ugly.
“找谁也不好，别人也不一定愿意半途加入进来。不如我们公开悬赏吧，面向全校。”另一位教授提议。
"It's not good to find anyone, and others may not be willing to join in halfway. Why don't we make it public and open it to the whole school. Another professor proposed.
“而且我们可以不用说明我们在做什么研究，只要悬赏能提供让那寄生虫厌恶或死亡的材料或方法就行。”
"And we don't have to say what we're doing, as long as the bounty provides the materials or methods that disgust or kill the parasite."
研究虫子的教授一听这个提议，细思下觉得十分可行，当下补充道：“我们可以面向全校公开说有人发现了一种新型的虫子，这种虫子对人体有一定危害，希望有人提供这种虫子的名字、来历和弱点等。提供的资料越全，奖励越多。”
When the professor who studies insects heard this proposal, he thought it was very feasible and immediately added: "We can openly say to the whole school that someone has discovered a new type of bug, which is harmful to the human body, and we hope that someone will provide the name, origin, and weakness of this bug." The more information provided, the more rewards. ”
“对，学校那么多教授和学生，群策群力，大家一起想办法，总比只找几个人好，说不定就有人见过这种寄生虫呢。”飞离教授大为赞同。
"Yes, there are so many professors and students in the school, it is better to work together and find a way together than just a few people, maybe someone has seen this parasite." Professor Feili agreed.
三位教授商量后，都同意进行全校悬赏。 After discussion, the three professors agreed to offer a university-wide bounty.
正埋头研究千木之毒的王叶还是被雷木提醒，才知道学校出了这么一个悬赏任务。
Wang Ye, who was immersed in studying the poison of a thousand trees, was still reminded by Lei Mu that he knew that the school had such a bounty task.
奖励学分更是高达一千学分！如果不想要学分，还可以选择一枚三级魔晶，或者一瓶三级魔药。
Bonus credits are up to 1,000 credits! If you don't want credits, you can also choose a third-level magic crystal, or a third-level potion bottle.
这么高的悬赏理所当然引起了不少学生议论。 Such a high reward has naturally caused a lot of discussion among students.
就是这个悬赏任务也有注明，如果是没有把握地乱说，浪费教授们的时间，那么提供不确实消息的学生，不但得不到奖励学分，还会被倒扣一百学分。
Even this bounty task is also noted, if you are talking nonsense without certainty and wasting the professors' time, then the students who provide inaccurate information will not only not get the reward credits, but will also be deducted 100 credits.
也因为这条注明，吓退了不少想要碰运气的学生。 It is also because of this note that many students who want to try their luck are scared away.
王叶看完悬赏内容，当即就乐了。 After Wang Ye finished reading the content of the bounty, he was immediately happy.
这真是人在家中坐，福从天上来。 This is really a man sitting at home, and blessings come from heaven.
他把石棉这个关键免费告诉精灵族，当时还心疼了许久，没想到学校教授竟然发布悬赏任务就为寻找那新型寄生虫的弱点。
He told the elves about the key to asbestos for free, and he was distressed for a long time at the time, but he didn't expect the school professor to issue a bounty task to find the weakness of the new parasite.
悬赏单上，有那寄生虫的魔法图片，白色的线虫在盒子内弯折成了好几道，头部还来了个特写，那钩子一样的触须、圆形的嘴和扭来扭曲的身躯，看着就瘆人。
On the bounty list, there is a magical picture of the parasite, the white nematode is bent into several lines in the box, and there is a close-up of the head, the hook-like tentacles, the round mouth and the twisted body, which is terrifying to look at.
悬赏单上也写明这种魔虫是一种寄生在生物体内的寄生虫，并写明了一些已经被研究出来的特性，比如难以逼离宿主、生命力顽强、会吸取宿主能量和营养乃至破坏宿主资质等等。
The bounty list also states that this demon worm is a parasite that inhabits living organisms, and states some characteristics that have been studied, such as difficulty in forcing away from the host, tenacious vitality, absorbing host energy and nutrients, and even destroying the host's qualifications.
王叶当即高高兴兴地领了任务，他也没有亲自去找发布悬赏的教授，就按照学校任务中心的要求，把答案写了三份，一份留存在任务中心，一份发给了悬赏者，一份留给自己。
Wang Ye immediately happily accepted the task, and he didn't go to the professor who issued the reward in person, so he wrote three copies of the answer according to the requirements of the school's task center, one was left in the task center, one was sent to the rewarder, and one was kept for himself.
三份答案都由任务中心盖上了魔法章，并注明时间。 All three answers are stamped with a magic stamp by the mission center and the time is indicated.
如果悬赏者经过确认，确定王叶给出的答案真的就是该寄生虫的弱点，只要告诉任务中心，那么悬赏的学分就会自动转到王叶名下。
If the bounty giver confirms that the answer given by Wang Ye is really the parasite's weakness, as long as he tells the task center, then the credits of the bounty will automatically be transferred to Wang Ye's name.
如果有不同的任务者拿出相同的答案，那就看谁提交时间在前。
If different taskers come up with the same answer, it depends on who submits it first.
王叶眼看就能大赚一笔学分，正高兴，结果转头他就收到了两个让他很不高兴的消息……
Wang Ye was happy when he saw that he could earn a lot of credits, but when he turned his head, he received two pieces of news that made him very unhappy......
树雨又被委派了出来，主要是祭司等不及，想要知道王叶的炼药进度，又不好意思询问，就打发树雨过来送邀请函，再顺便问下药剂进度。
Shu Yu was appointed again, mainly because the priest couldn't wait, wanting to know the progress of Wang Ye's alchemy, and he was embarrassed to ask, so he sent Shu Yu over to send an invitation, and then asked about the progress of the medicine by the way.
他这次还带着他弟弟。 He also took his brother with him this time.
上上次他带回去的药剂上交给祭司了，祭司亲自服用大半，又把剩下的一小半交给族里最高等的药师研究。等待了两天，祭司确定该魔药对他本人都有一定用处，虽然微小，但他的资质确实有千分之一的提升。
Last time, he brought back the potion and handed it to the priest, who took most of it himself, and gave the remaining half to the highest pharmacist in the clan to study. After two days of waiting, the priest was sure that the potion was of some use to him, and although it was small, his qualifications did increase by one in a thousand.
别看只有千分之一，他可是祭司，能成为祭司的精灵，首先资质就不会低于九等，能让九等都提升千分之一，对于其他精灵们呢？对于正在发育中的精灵幼崽们呢？
Don't look at only one thousandth, he is a priest, and the elves who can become priests, first of all, their qualifications will not be lower than the ninth rank, and they can increase the ninth rank by one thousandth, what about the other elves? What about the developing elven cubs?
何况他服用的还是试用版，量非常少，他还又减半了。 What's more, he still took the trial version, the amount was very small, and he halved it again.
土系唯一的一位药帅级药师也通过研究，肯定了该药剂对幼崽有增进体质、固本培元和弥补亏损及修复资质的作用。
The only medicine handsome-level pharmacist in the soil system also affirmed that the medicine has the effect of improving the physical fitness, consolidating the foundation and cultivating the yuan, making up for the losses and repairing the qualifications of the cubs through research.
尤其是后两个效用，对于现在的精灵族真的太需要了。 Especially the latter two effects, which are really too much for the current elves.
精灵族内部也在研究帮幼崽恢复的药剂，但进展不佳，就是用精灵族最宝贵的生命之树树叶做药材，也只能救回幼崽们的性命和帮他们恢复一点元气，却无法让他们毁掉的资质恢复过来。
The elves are also researching potions to help the cubs recover, but the progress is not good, even using the leaves of the elves' most precious tree of life as medicinal materials, it can only save the lives of the cubs and help them recover a little vitality, but it can't restore their ruined qualifications.
也许之后全族药师共同努力，也能研究出相关药物，但现在最宝贵的就是时间，所有幼崽都等不起。拖得时间越久，他们的体质损伤就越不容易修复。
Maybe in the future, the whole family of pharmacists will work together to develop relevant drugs, but the most precious thing now is time, and all the cubs can't afford to wait. The longer it drags on, the more difficult it is for their constitution to be repaired.
甚至有精灵药师预测，这一批精灵幼崽长大后，资质至少会比原先低上两个等级以上。而这批精灵的资质也必将影响到他们的后代。
There are even elf pharmacists who predict that when this batch of elf cubs grows up, their qualifications will be at least two levels lower than the original. And the qualifications of these elves will also affect their descendants.
如此一代代，对整个精灵族的影响显然是巨大的。 For such generations, the impact on the entire elven race is obviously huge.
就在各族都为这个问题头疼不已，并督促药师们赶紧研制出相关弥补药物时，土系祭司发现那个人族小孩王叶竟然已经先一步为精灵族解决了这个问题。
Just when all the clans were having a headache for this problem and urged the pharmacists to hurry up and develop relevant remedy medicines, the earth priest found that the human kid Wang Ye had already solved this problem for the elves one step ahead.
药剂效果确实顶呱呱，而且药性也确实温和无害。 The effect of the medicine is really top-notch, and the medicinal properties are indeed mild and harmless.
那还等什么？ So what are you waiting for?
当然是买啊！ Of course it's buying!
树雨就被踢过来跟王叶买了他手上所有培元药剂。 Shu Yu was kicked over and bought all the Peiyuan potions in his hand from Wang Ye.
等受损的幼崽们服下药剂，肉眼可见地精神起来，经过祭司和药师双重检查，确认服药幼崽的身体包括资质都在缓慢恢复中。
After the damaged cubs took the potion, they visibly became refreshed, and after a double examination by the priest and the pharmacist, it was confirmed that the puppy's body, including qualifications, was slowly recovering.
大概药剂效果太好，把水系祭司也给勾来了。这不，才相隔没几天，他又被踢过来了。
Probably the potion effect is too good, and the water priest is also hooked. No, only a few days later, he was kicked again.
树雨嘴上说着自己是劳苦命，心里却很高兴来王叶这儿，没看他把弟弟也带来了嘛。
Shuyu said that he was working hard, but he was very happy to come to Wang Ye, but he didn't see that he had brought his younger brother with him.
树雨在王叶的独栋小屋外等到太阳快落山，才等到王叶回来。
Shuyu waited outside Wang Ye's single-family hut until the sun was about to set, and then waited for Wang Ye to come back.
看到王叶的模样，树雨大吃一惊，脱口就道：“你中毒了？”
Seeing Wang Ye's appearance, Shuyu was taken aback, and blurted out: "You are poisoned?" ”
王叶没好气地瞥树雨：“谢谢告知，有眼睛的人都能看出来。”
Wang Ye glanced at Shuyu angrily: "Thank you for informing, anyone with eyes can see it." ”
他今天会提前回来，就是因为药园和库房都让他暂时别过去了，让他把身体里的毒解掉再说，理由是怕他不小心把毒血流到药材上。
He will come back early today, because the medicine garden and the warehouse have asked him to stop going for the time being, and let him get rid of the poison in his body, because he is afraid that he will accidentally flow the poisonous blood to the medicinal herbs.
王叶好生气，这两个地方不让他去，他就不能再薅学校的羊毛。
Wang Ye was so angry, if he didn't let him go to these two places, he would no longer be able to pick up the school's wool.
原本他去药园，药园给他分配了一个清除各药植田地杂草的任务，他除杂草的时候，看到长得不好或者长得太密的药植，就会帮助解决一下——移植到他的虫巢内。
Originally, he went to the medicine garden, and the medicine garden assigned him a task to remove weeds from the fields of various medicinal plants, and when he was weeding, he saw the medicinal plants that did not grow well or grew too densely, and he would help solve them - transplant them into his hive.
他做得正大光明，药园那边见被他整理过的药田上的药植长势更好，就睁只眼闭只眼，默许了他的移植行为。再说长得不好的药植原本就要丢掉，长得太密的如果没足够地方栽种，也会放弃。
He was doing a good job, and when the medicine garden saw that the medicinal plants on the medicine field he had sorted out were growing better, he turned a blind eye and acquiesced to his transplantation. In addition, the medicinal plants that do not grow well will be thrown away, and those that grow too densely will be abandoned if there is not enough place to plant them.
有时候他也会给一些长势茂盛的药植做一些“美容”，比如帮它们去掉一些多余的枝叶根须什么的。如果有长得好的花朵，他也会在别人采摘前给它们做一些精减手术，反正少一两片花瓣，基本看不出来。
Sometimes he will also do some "beauty" for some of the growing medicinal plants, such as helping them remove some excess branches and roots. If there are well-growing flowers, he will also do some subtraction surgery on them before others pick them, anyway, one or two petals are missing, and they are basically invisible.
果子是最难到手的。但他可以用他的魔食跟相关药田的负责人交换，回头客还挺多的。
The fruit is the hardest to come by. But he can use his magic food to exchange with the person in charge of the relevant medicine field, and there are quite a lot of repeat customers.
而他去药房，则被安排了分拣药材的任务，不是分拣新来的药材，而是要把库存的药材经常拿出来检查和翻晒，魔法保存箱虽然有一定保存作用，但并不能停止时间，还是需要人工检查，把一些存放时间较长的药材和变质的药材、以及药材残渣分拣出来，再处理掉。
And when he went to the pharmacy, he was assigned the task of sorting medicinal materials, not to sort new medicinal materials, but to take out the inventory of medicinal materials often to check and dry, although the magic preservation box has a certain preservation effect, but it can't stop the time, or need to be manually checked, some medicinal materials that have been stored for a long time and deteriorated medicinal materials, as well as medicinal material residues, are sorted out, and then disposed of.
这些药材因为影响药性，都是要丢弃不要的。 These medicinal materials should be discarded because they affect the medicinal properties.
王叶把这些丢弃不要的药材看起来像是扔掉，其实都扔进了虫巢里。
Wang Ye looked like he had thrown away these discarded herbs, but they were actually thrown into the hive.
这些对于别人来说不太好的药材，他倒不是很介意，因为他会精华提炼术，可以把不需要的杂质全部去除，只留下最精华的部分。
He didn't mind these medicinal materials that were not very good for others, because he knew how to refine the essence, which could remove all the unwanted impurities, leaving only the most essential part.
如此，王叶平时制药的大量药材都是来自这两个地方。如今这两个地方让他暂时休息，他能不心疼难受吗？
In this way, a large number of medicinal materials that Wang Ye usually uses to make medicines come from these two places. Now that these two places let him rest temporarily, can he not feel distressed and uncomfortable?
偏偏，就连他现在上课，同学们都躲得远远的，原本他周围的课桌都有人争抢，现在大家都恨不得和他不在一个教室才好。
However, even when he is in class now, his classmates are hiding far away, and there are people competing for the desks around him, but now everyone is eager to not be in the same classroom with him.
魔食厨房那边也婉言劝告他让他先治疗好自己再去魔食学科做贡献，还好学长是老好人，大概怕他难过和生气，送了好多食材给他。但这点食材又能支持多久？
The Devil Food Kitchen also politely advised him to let him treat himself first and then go to the Devil Food Department to contribute, but fortunately, the senior is a good person, probably afraid that he would be sad and angry, so he sent him a lot of ingredients. But how long can this little food last?
上课的教授也几次关心他，并有好几位教授过来跟他要他的血，美其名曰帮他研究他中了什么毒。
The professors in class also cared about him several times, and several professors came to him to ask him for his blood, and in the name of helping him study what kind of poison he had.
王叶一律按照一小瓶五毫升血液五百学分的卖，就卖三瓶，多的一滴都不卖，不还价，爱买不买。
Wang Ye is always sold according to a small bottle of five milliliters of blood for 500 credits, and he sells three bottles, and he doesn't sell a single drop more, he doesn't bargain, and he doesn't buy it.
就因为这，第一个花两百学分买王叶血液的尼约教授还暗暗觉得自己赚了。
Because of this, Professor Niyo, who was the first to spend two hundred credits to buy Wang Ye's blood, secretly felt that he had earned it.
不过尼约教授还是又买了一小瓶王叶的血，因为他发现千木之毒真的太古怪，王叶的血液竟然是在不停变化，当初王叶给他的血液，前后期的毒性表现都不一样，更不用说现在从王叶身上流出来的血。
However, Professor Niyo still bought another vial of Wang Ye's blood, because he found that the poison of a thousand trees was really too strange, Wang Ye's blood was constantly changing, and the blood that Wang Ye gave him at the beginning was different in the early and late stages, not to mention the blood that flowed from Wang Ye's body now.
树雨咽了口口水，这样的王叶炼制出来的魔药真的还能喝吗？
Shu Yu swallowed his saliva, can such a potion refined by Wang Ye really be drunk?
树小风就站在他哥肩膀上，瞪大眼睛看着对面肌肤青黑、食指指甲全都变得乌黑的人类小孩。
Shu Xiaofeng stood on his brother's shoulder, staring at the human child opposite him with blue skin and black index fingernails.
这是他第一次见到人类小孩，但他看过人类的影像，他一直以为人类小孩都是白白胖胖的，没想到还有长得这么丑的，简直像……怪物。
This was the first time he had seen a human child, but he had seen human images, and he had always thought that human children were all white and fat, but he didn't expect that there were such ugly ones, just like ...... Monster.
“你要不要进来？”王叶打开花园门，见树雨还呆呆站在门口，语气很冲地问。
"Do you want to come in?" Wang Ye opened the garden door and saw that Shuyu was still standing at the door, and asked in a very impulsive tone.
树雨忙点头：“当然。” Shu Yu nodded hurriedly: "Of course." ”
第132章 送你点蔬菜 Chapter 132: I'll Give You Some Vegetables
“雷木和金宝呢？”树雨进屋没看到人，随口问道。 "What about Thunderwood and Jinbao?" Shuyu didn't see anyone when he entered the house, so he asked casually.
王叶示意树雨随意，“金宝跟着雷木，他们迷上炼金了，应该要到很晚才回来。”
Wang Ye motioned to Shu Yu casually, "Jinbao follows Lei Mu, they are obsessed with alchemy, and they should not come back until very late." ”
金宝是个爱炫的，发现自己的新能力后，每天都要炫耀好几遍。王叶和雷木见他经常用能力不但没有损耗身体，反而让身体发育得更健康，也就随他去了。
上次雷木因为金宝帮他提纯材料，逗趣似的奖赏了他一枚银币，说是给他的报酬。
金宝顿时觉得自己精灵生升华了，从此他再也不是个吃白食的讨债鬼，他也是对这个家庭有贡献的，于是每天干活干得特别起劲。
雷木也真的每天都给他发报酬，导致金宝更加一发不可收拾……
总之那父子俩是一头钻到炼金房不出来了！
今天开始就要变得很闲的王叶突然觉得好寂寞，回家就他一个人什么的，太悲惨了~
当然闲是不可能闲的，他只要一进虫巢，就有一个亡灵飘来飘去地催促他炼制药剂，继而又对他的炼药手法各种挑刺。
现在更是有一个精灵主动找上门来，他就没有闲的工夫。
王叶基本已经猜到树雨的来意，百分百是来催培元药剂的。
“忘了介绍，这是我弟弟树小风。小风，这是王叶，你可以叫他小叶子哥哥。”树雨托着自己弟弟，递到王叶眼前。
王叶瞟了眼小家伙，大约只比手指长一点点的黑色蚯蚓？
哦，再仔细看，能看到腹下有四只脚，但那个脚真的小的跟米粒一样，也是黑色的，藏在身下完全看不清楚。
“叽叽~”黑色的畸形小四脚蛇冲着王叶叫。
反正在王叶眼里，精灵幼崽就是畸形的四脚蛇。
第一次见面，不好不给小朋友见面礼。自认一家之主的王叶摸了摸手指上戴着的戒指，实际上是从虫巢内取出一块放在碟子上的奶糕。
“这个是专门给幼儿吃的，我亲手做的，算是魔食，金宝很喜欢吃，你看看你弟弟能不能吃。”王叶把奶糕放到桌子上。
树小风小鼻子嗅了嗅，冲他哥发出叽叽声。
他哥笑，跟王叶道谢，把他弟放到了桌子上。
树小风飞快爬到奶糕面前，啊呜就是一口。叽叽，好吃~！
光看着小朋友吃也不好，王叶邀请树雨坐下，拿出茶水和点心款待这位客人。
好歹这位是来跟他做生意的，还是客气点好。
树雨没有半点客气，拿起点心就吃，端起茶水就喝。
点心是现炸保鲜的春卷，春卷皮是在地球买的，但里面包裹的蔬菜，则是来自虫巢种植区的收获，肉则是魔兽肉。
树雨对春卷赞不绝口，树小风眼巴巴地看着也想吃。
树雨看他弟看得可怜，就分了他一个。一个春卷含有的能量，小风还是能吃的。
王叶看树雨尽心照顾着幼弟，又是喂茶水，又是给他擦嘴，就又切了半个来自地球的西瓜。
西瓜这东西，双月星也有，树雨也没惊讶，只是惊奇这个季节会有熟透还这么沙甜的瓜。
“没有魔力，普通人种植的？”树雨一口就吃出不同。
王叶：“吃你的吧，问那么多。”
树雨嘿嘿一笑，看着他弟吃完奶糕又啃西瓜，啃得满身都是西瓜汁。
“皮卡叽！”一道黑色的身影突然从半空蹿到桌子上，发出了愤怒的稚嫩叫声。
他最喜欢的西瓜，他都没有吃多少，这是哪里来的丑爆了的混蛋精灵崽子，竟然敢趁他不在偷吃他的西瓜瓜！
“皮卡皮卡叽！”金宝爬过去就要抢回西瓜。
树小风：“叽？”弟弟？
一只大手从天而降，把金宝儿捏了起来。
雷木对树雨点头，又摸了摸王叶的额头，道：“我先上去洗漱，你们聊。”
雷木是感觉到王叶心里的郁闷才提前回来，没想到家里有客人，就没问王叶为什么不高兴。
王叶对雷木仰头傻傻一笑，向雷木传达了自己已经变好的心情。
雷木笑笑，上楼了。
树雨看到金宝愤怒挣扎，却被雷木强行带走，不由哈哈大笑：“金宝儿没事吧，没想到我们吃了他最喜欢的红壤瓜，这小崽子果然如传言一般，霸道得很。”
王叶摆手：“别管他，他什么都喜欢，所有好吃的都是他喜欢的。”
树小风貌似有点伤心，跟他哥叽叽叫。
树雨不但没同情，还乐得不行：“弟啊，你是有点丑啊，你要不想再这么丑，那就努力长大吧。”
树小风：“叽叽叽！”立刻化愤怒为食欲。
“小风好小，他多大了？”王叶私心也觉得这个树小风丑爆了，还没他家药剂染色的小讨债鬼好看，但这话他当然不会当着别人哥哥的面说出来。
树雨满脸怜爱地看着弟弟说：“他五岁了，可看起来还没有半岁的金宝儿壮实。也是他哥哥穷，没有好东西给他吃，偏生这次还感染了寄生虫，好不容易养出来的一点小肉肉又掉光了。”
王叶：“……五岁了还不能变成人形？”
树雨也不奇怪王叶不清楚这点，精灵对幼崽很重视，极少把幼崽的事传出去，外面对精灵幼崽的情况也几近一无所知。
但王叶现在养着金宝，身边又有一个混血精灵，树雨觉得一些基本常识还是要告诉王叶，免得以后闹出问题。
“精灵幼崽的生长期相当漫长，一般需要五十年到一百年左右才能进入第二阶段。第二阶段就是转换为人形，资质越好、身体越好，转换人形的时间就越早，如果超过一百年还不能转换，基本一辈子都只能是这副样子。”
王叶眼睛睁大，充满期望地问：“转换成人形是直接成年吗？”
树雨摇头：“当然不，成年是第三阶段，第二阶段刚变成的人形大约是三岁的人类幼崽模样，一直慢慢长到少年模样。这段时间倒是跟人类的成长时间差不多。”
“三岁？！”王叶失声。
这么说他不但要养那个小坑货至少五十年，之后还有漫长的约十五年的第二阶段发育期？
王叶斜睨树雨：“你们不会让我养金宝养到他成年吧？”
树雨笑眯眯地道：“至少等族里把寄生虫族全都拔除了，再让他回来吧。”
现在树雨的观念也转变过来了，他觉得金宝待在王叶和雷木身边挺好的，不但安全，还吃得好啊！
如果把金宝带回族里，买药剂还得带他一份。可如果把金宝放到王叶这里，不但那份药剂和未来药剂的钱都能省掉，说不定还能凭借金宝的面子，让王叶给他们精灵族打个折。
这可都是族长大人跟他说的，绝不是他树雨想要占王叶的便宜。至于他带着弟弟过来，就是想要讨要一份见面礼什么的小事，忽略就好。问起来就是带来和金宝玩的，嘿。
王叶又询问培元药剂对精灵幼崽的效果。
树雨满口夸赞，说效果好极了，然后趁此机会赶紧询问新的药剂已经做好多少。
“现在不止我土系精灵，其他系也来求药，你看你现在有多少存货，我都要了！”树雨财大气粗地说，这次他可是带了足够的经费出来。
王叶是有一些存货，都是这几天炼制出来的，但看树雨这意思，似乎想要更大批量？
王叶眼珠一转，说道：“只有五十支。不过我把药剂又改进了一下，每支虽然只有五毫升，一个精灵幼崽只能服用一瓶。但药剂服用后，效果不是一下子爆发，而是会存在体内慢慢发挥药效，时间大约可以长到一年左右，这对幼崽身体更温和，而且恢复程度也更高。期间也不会影响同类药剂的发挥。”
“是吗，那真是太好了。只要能好起来，一年时间不算长。不过五十支太少了，我想你今后最少也要准备一万支。”一万支是个虚数，精灵肯定不可能让外界知道族内到底有多少幼崽。
反正这药剂对成年精灵也有一定效果，买多了也不亏。
“一万支不可能，我不可能天天给你们专门炼制药剂，而且我也没有那么多药材。”王叶拒绝。
树雨试探地道：“那药方你愿意卖吗？”
王叶呵呵：“愿意啊，但药方中有一味药材很稀少，至少我只发现智慧寄生虫族才拥有，如果你们能找到，那你们也能炼制。”
精灵族不是对找智慧寄生虫族不积极吗？现在有了利益当头，他就不信精灵族还能继续“不急不忙”下去。
他前面的想法错了，他就应该把思念糕的配方卖出去，这样才能最大程度调动精灵族的积极性。
树雨呆，没想到这对精灵族大有好处的药方中的一种原材料竟然和寄生虫族有关。
“是什么药材？怎么会跟寄生虫族有关？”
“是我在囚犯岛发现的，我叫它虫蜜，是寄生虫族分泌给幼虫吃的一种食物。”
“可是你不是说那虫蜜是你养的魔蜂……” "But didn't you say that the worm honey was your demon bee......
“是啊，在囚犯岛发现的那些虫蜜已经给我用完了，你们要的又很急很多，我能怎么办，只能找替代物，后来发现我契约的魔蜂所产虫蜜也有一定效果，只不过没有寄生虫族的虫蜜见效快。”
"Yes, the insect honey found on the prisoner island has been used up for me, and you are in a lot of urgency, what can I do, I can only find a substitute, and later I found out that the insect honey produced by the demon bee I contracted also has a certain effect, but it is not as effective as the insect honey of the parasitic worm race."
树雨恍然大悟：“怪不得你改进了药剂，需要一年才能让幼崽彻底恢复。”
Shuyu suddenly realized: "No wonder you have improved the potion, it will take a year for the cub to fully recover." ”
王叶煞有其事地点头：“就是这样。那么药方还买吗？一枚四级魔晶就卖，如果找不到寄生虫族的虫蜜，你们也可以试着找其他有修补和改善资质效用的药材来替代，或者跟我买我的魔蜂虫蜜。”
Wang Ye nodded matter-of-factly: "That's it." So do you still buy the prescription? If you can't find the worm honey of the parasitic zerg, you can also try to find other medicinal materials that have the effect of repairing and improving the qualifications to replace it, or buy my demon bee worm honey with me. ”
树雨迟疑：“我回去问问祭司再给你答复吧。另外培元药剂的数量，这次你给我五十支，下次能不能多一点？你看我三天来拿一次可以吗？”
Shuyu hesitated: "I'll go back and ask the priest before I give you an answer." In addition, the number of Peiyuan potions, you give me fifty sticks this time, can you have more next time? Do you think it's okay for me to come and get it once every three days? ”
他们精灵族可能因为是半长生种的缘故，后代孵化和养育十分困难，但他们精灵口基数并不小，只他们土系，还没有进行第二阶段蜕变的幼崽就有上千，加上其他三系，怎么也有四五千的数额。
Their elven clan may be very difficult to hatch and raise because they are semi-immortal species, but their elf population base is not small, only their soil system, there are thousands of cubs who have not yet undergone the second stage of transformation, plus the other three lines, how can there be an amount of four or five thousand.
王叶从树雨跟他买的打虫药的量，其实已经大致估算出土系精灵幼崽的数量，但万支也太多了，就是千支，他也嫌多。
Wang Ye had already roughly estimated the number of elven cubs from Shuyu and the amount of insecticidal medicine he bought, but 10,000 was too much, even a thousand, and he was too much.
“目前五天最多五十支的量，而且下一批药剂炼制完，我就没药材了。有一部分药材我需要进入沼泽森林去采集，时间不定，如果能找到，我倒是可以给你提供多一些。”
"At present, the maximum amount of fifty sticks in five days, and after the next batch of potions is refined, I will have no medicinal materials. There are some medicinal herbs that I need to go into the swamp forest to collect, the time is uncertain, if I can find them, I can provide you with more. ”
树雨一听王叶要亲自采集材料，当即道：“要么这样，你看你都需要什么材料，开张单子给我，我到族里给你找，只要不是特别特殊的材料，我相信我们精灵族的材料一定比沼泽森林丰富得多。”
As soon as Shu Yu heard that Wang Ye was going to collect materials in person, he immediately said: "Either way, you see what materials you need, open a list for me, and I will go to the clan to find it for you, as long as it is not a particularly special material, I believe that the materials of our elf clan must be much richer than the swamp forest." ”
王叶：要的就是你这句话。 Wang Ye: That's what I want.
“好啊。”王叶让树雨稍等，拿出卷轴开始书写他需要的材料。
"Okay." Wang Ye asked Shuyu to wait, took out the scroll and began to write the materials he needed.
等写好交给树雨，树雨打开一看，当即就用很无语的表情看向王小叶。
After writing it and handing it to Shu Yu, Shu Yu opened it and looked at it, and immediately looked at Wang Xiaoye with a very speechless expression.
王叶眼都不眨地说：“我就是需要这么多材料。” Wang Ye said without blinking: "I just need so many materials." ”
他还能说什么？这可是培元药剂的炼制者！树雨收起卷轴，也不跟王叶争辩，也争取己方利益道：“如果由我们提供绝大部分的材料，那药剂的价格……”
What else could he say? This is the refiner of Peiyuan Elixir! Shu Yu put away the scroll, did not argue with Wang Ye, and also fought for his own interests: "If we provide most of the materials, the price of the potion will ......."
“都是朋友，我也不跟你报高价，培元药剂算是二级接近三级的药剂，原来我卖你一瓶要两枚二级魔晶，现在改成一枚，只收你们炼制费。”
"It's all friends, I don't quote you a high price, Peiyuan Elixir is a second-level and close to third-level elixir, I originally sold you a bottle for two second-level magic crystals, but now it has been changed to one, and only your refining fee will be charged."
一枚二级魔晶相当于一百枚金币，他这个价真不高。也就是主材料虫蜜对他来说来得比较轻易，加上他炼制成功度几乎达到百分百，另外就是多少还是看在金宝和雷木的面子上。
A second-level magic crystal is equivalent to a hundred gold coins, and his price is really not high. That is to say, the main material worm honey is relatively easy for him, and his refining success rate is almost 100%, and the other part is more or less depends on the face of Jinbao and Lei Mu.
要换了别的魔药师，只虫蜜这种原材料，他就弄不到，弄到也不是这个价就能炼制药剂的。更别提他的药剂纯净度极高，更没有任何负面能量残留。
If he had to change to another potions master, he wouldn't be able to get the raw material of worm honey, and he wouldn't be able to refine potions at this price. Not to mention the extremely high purity of his potion, and there is no negative energy left behind.
树雨欣喜，族里本来就有给王叶提供药材的意思，但没想到王叶能把药剂价格一下降一半，其实一开始培元药剂的报价就不高，比祭司和族长预估的都要低得多。
Shu Yu was delighted, the clan originally had the intention of providing medicinal materials to Wang Ye, but he didn't expect Wang Ye to be able to reduce the price of the medicine by half, in fact, the price of Peiyuan medicine was not high at the beginning, much lower than the priest and the patriarch estimated.
如今一瓶二级接近三级的魔药才一枚二级魔晶，真的是良心得不能再良心的价格。
Nowadays, a bottle of second-level and near-third-level potion is only a second-level magic crystal, which is really a price that can no longer be conscientious.
果然还是把金宝放在他养父身边对精灵族更好？ Sure enough, it's better for the elves to keep Jinbao next to his adoptive father?
“好兄弟！”树雨抬手拍向王叶肩头。 "Good brother!" Shu Yu raised his hand and patted Wang Ye on the shoulder.
王叶原地不动道：“有毒。” Wang Ye stood still and said, "Poisonous." ”
树雨的手掌凝固在半空。 Shu Yu's palm froze in mid-air.
王叶勾起唇角：“如果魔晶不凑手，也可以用材料来抵，我按你们卖给商人的价格买。药材、炼金材料，什么材料都可以，不过用什么材料抵，需要先给我看看，我要才算。”
Wang Ye hooked the corners of his lips: "If the magic crystal doesn't come together, you can also use the materials to offset it, and I will buy it at the price you sell to the merchant." Medicinal materials, alchemy materials, any material can be, but what materials to use, you need to show me first, I want to count. ”
树雨收回手掌更高兴了，材料如果按照市场价，哪怕是批发价计算，对于他们精灵族也是划算的。这一进一出，相当于又能帮他们省掉一笔费用。
Shu Yu retracted his palm and was even happier, if the material was calculated according to the market price, even if it was a wholesale price, it would be cost-effective for their elf clan. This one in and one out is equivalent to saving them a sum of money.
“可以，那我先回去给你筹集你要的药材，最快明后天就给你送一批。哦！看我，太高兴，差点忘了祭司让我来干什么的。”树雨赶紧把两位祭司的邀请函拿给王叶。
"Yes, then I'll go back and raise the medicinal materials you want for you first, and I'll send you a batch as soon as tomorrow and the day after tomorrow." Oh! Look at me, so happy that I almost forgot what the priest asked me to do. Shuyu hurriedly took the invitation letters of the two priests to Wang Ye.
王叶手指刚碰到两张邀请函，那两封邀请函就分别落在他的手背上，变成了两个像是图案又像是象形文字的印记。
As soon as Wang Ye's fingers touched the two invitations, the two invitations fell on the back of his hand, turning into two imprints that looked like patterns and hieroglyphs.
一个像是水纹波浪，这个好猜，就是水字。 One is like a water ripple wave, which is easy to guess, is the word water.
一个则是一字上面立着一个山包，大约是代表土字。 One is a mountain bag standing on top of the word, which roughly represents the word soil.
王叶莫名觉得这两个图案有点眼熟，字体就像是木木脸上和身上出现的古老文字。
Wang Ye inexplicably felt that these two patterns were a little familiar, and the font was like the ancient words that appeared on Mu Mu's face and body.
树雨见到这两个标记，笑道：“恭喜，有了这两个认可标记，以后你就可以自由出入我们无尽森海了，直到这两个标记消失。”
Seeing these two markers, Shu Yu smiled and said, "Congratulations, with these two recognition marks, you will be able to freely enter and exit our Endless Forest Sea in the future until these two marks disappear." ”
“哦？无尽森海中我哪里都可以去？” "Oh? Where can I go in the endless forest sea? ”
“都可以。但不要太过分，也不要带其他人。雷木和金宝可以，其他人不行。”
"Either way. But don't go too far and don't take anyone else with you. Remu and Jinbao can, others can't. ”
“我的魔蜂可以进去吗？” "Can my demon bee go in?"
“当然可以。祭司就是想要邀请你去无尽森海放蜂，纳金山谷的纳金花正好是花期，这种花是魔植，最低都有二级，最高的我都惹不起，你只让你的魔蜂采蜜，不要深入，应该没什么问题。”
"Absolutely. The priest just wants to invite you to the endless forest sea to release bees, the Najin flower in the Najin Valley is just in bloom, this kind of flower is a magic plant, the lowest has two levels, and I can't even provoke the highest, you only let your demon bees collect honey, don't go deep, there should be no problem. ”
树雨干脆送了张无尽森海的简易地图给王叶，并把纳金山谷的位置重点标明。
Shu Yu simply sent Wang Ye a simple map of the endless forest sea to Wang Ye, and highlighted the location of the Najin Valley.
王叶又高兴了。不说那认可标记，只这张地图就值他打折的那些费用了。
Wang Ye was happy again. Not to mention the endorsement mark, this map alone is worth the cost of his discount.
“兄嘚，你老实告诉我，你这段时间制作的药剂能喝吗？”树雨半开玩笑地问。
"Brother, tell me honestly, can you drink the potion you made during this time?" Shuyu asked half-jokingly.
王叶翻了个白眼：“你要是害怕，可以不喝。” Wang Ye rolled his eyes: "If you're afraid, you can stop drinking." ”
树雨见王叶这个态度，反而放心了。 When Shuyu saw Wang Ye's attitude, he was relieved.
事情办完，树雨带弟弟告辞。
王叶叫住树雨，从虫巢空间里摘下五根黄瓜和一颗大白菜：“这是我和雷木自己种的蔬菜，味道还可以，你带回去尝尝。”
树雨见是不值钱的蔬菜，就没拒绝，很高兴地接过来。 Shu Yu saw that it was a worthless vegetable, so he didn't refuse and happily took it.
王叶把树雨送出门，冷不丁地说道：“你们族应该还有幼崽没有彻底清除寄生虫，再好好查查吧。”
Wang Ye sent Shuyu out of the door and said coldly: "There should be cubs in your clan who have not completely eliminated the parasites, so let's check them carefully." ”
“不会吧？都这样了，还有幼崽肚里有虫？”树雨不可置信，转头看王叶：“你怎么知道这点？”
"Wouldn't it? It's all like this, and the cubs have worms in their stomachs? Shu Yu was incredulous, and turned his head to look at Wang Ye: "How do you know this?" ”
王叶信口胡扯：“魔药师的直觉。” Wang Ye is talking nonsense: "The intuition of the potion master." ”
其实是他到现在都没有收到系统说任务完成的提示，只收到土系精灵对他好感度加深，从友好上升为亲密，其他三系精灵则对他的好感度升到友好。另外他给幼崽们提供培元药剂，系统又奖励给他五百点的世界声望值。
In fact, he has not received a prompt from the system saying that the task has been completed until now, and has only received that the favorability of the earth elves has deepened for him, rising from friendly to intimate, and the other third-line elves have raised their favorability towards him to friendly. In addition, he provided the cubs with Peiyuan Elixir, and the system rewarded him with 500 World Reputation points.
树雨不敢忽视王叶的提醒，毕竟智慧寄生虫族的事就是这小孩说出来的，如果没有王叶提前告诉他们寄生虫族的事，精灵族还不知道要吃怎样的大亏。
Shu Yu didn't dare to ignore Wang Ye's reminder, after all, the matter of the wisdom parasitic Zerg was said by this child, if Wang Ye hadn't told them about the parasitic Zerg in advance, the elf clan would not know what kind of big loss they would have to suffer.
“你们可以查查有没有自己抚养的精灵幼崽，或者不在族地的？”王叶提醒。
"Can you check if there are any elven cubs that you raise yourself, or who are not in the clan land?" Wang Ye reminded.
树雨若有所思，精灵族地非常大，地广精灵稀，有些精灵住得很偏远也很隐秘，就算全族展开彻查，也不一定能查到那些精灵身上。
Shuyu thoughtfully, the elven clan is very large, the land is wide and the elves are scarce, and some elves live very remote and secretive, even if the whole clan conducts a thorough investigation, it may not be able to find those elves.
还有一些精灵中的贵族……不是身份上的贵族，只是这些精灵比较特殊，他们养育幼崽的方式也比较特殊，和其他精灵来往不多，算是比较神秘的一批。
There are also some nobles among the elves...... It's not a nobility in status, it's just that these elves are more special, and the way they raise their cubs is also relatively special, and they don't have much contact with other elves, so they are a more mysterious group.
听说那些贵族精灵中不止金木水火土五系，还有空间系、时间系、光系和暗系，以及纯精神系之类非常特殊的精灵存在。
I heard that among those noble elves, there are not only the five systems of gold, wood, water, fire, and earth, but also the space system, the time system, the light system and the dark system, as well as the pure spirit system and other very special elves.
这些精灵的住处似乎只有王和大祭司才知道。 The abode of these elves seems to be known only to the king and the high priest.
而这些贵族精灵和普通精灵的最大区别，据说就是保留着较多的远古血脉，并拥有血脉传承。而普通精灵就没有血脉传承，需要跟人类一样，由长辈教导和指点。
And the biggest difference between these noble elves and ordinary elves is that they retain more ancient bloodlines and have bloodline inheritance. Ordinary elves, on the other hand, have no bloodline inheritance, and need to be taught and guided by their elders just like humans.
所以树雨有次听到王叶无意间提及金宝有血脉传承，他才会那么惊讶。
That's why Shu Yu was so surprised when he heard Wang Ye inadvertently mention that Jinbao had a bloodline inheritance.
但他没把这点告诉族内任何精灵，因为他很清楚，如果他把金宝拥有血脉传承这点说出去，金宝就真的永不可能再生活在他两个养父身边，也不可能生活在族内育幼园中，他将从普通精灵的眼中消失，成为那群遥不可及的贵族精灵。
But he didn't tell any of the elves in the clan about this, because he knew very well that if he told him that Jinbao had a bloodline inheritance, Jinbao would really never live with his two adoptive fathers again, nor would he be able to live in the clan nursery, and he would disappear from the eyes of ordinary elves and become that group of noble elves who were out of reach.
树雨想法很简单，那就是金宝既然有血脉传承，他在他两个养父身边又生活得那么快乐和健康，那还有什么必要非要回到那群贵族精灵身边？
Shu Yu's idea is very simple, that is, since Jinbao has a bloodline inheritance, and he lives so happily and healthily with his two adoptive fathers, then why does it have to return to those noble elves?
难道让人家父子分离就是真的对金宝好吗？ Is it really good for Jinbao to let the father and son separate?
树雨决定顺其自然，反正他是不会主动把金宝有血脉传承的事说出去，如果金宝被别的精灵发现他和普通精灵不一样，那再说。当然他也不会特意提醒王叶和雷木，一切全看生命之神的意思。
Shuyu decided to go with the flow, anyway, he wouldn't take the initiative to tell Jinbao about his bloodline inheritance, if Jinbao was found out by other elves that he was different from ordinary elves, then he would talk about it. Of course, he wouldn't go out of his way to remind Wang Ye and Lei Mu that everything depends on the meaning of the God of Life.
“叽叽~”小肚子吃得溜圆的树小风站在哥哥的肩头，同王叶打招呼说再见。
"Twitter~" Shu Xiaofeng, who had a round belly, stood on his brother's shoulder and said goodbye to Wang Ye.
他可喜欢那个奶糕了，吃完了身体里好舒服好舒服哦。 He likes that milk cake, and it's so comfortable in his body after eating it.
树小风这样感觉，也这样跟他哥说了，他想留下来每天都吃那个奶糕糕~叽！
Shu Xiaofeng felt like this, and told his brother like this, he wanted to stay and eat that milk cake every day~ Tsk!
树雨：“……咳，王叶，跟你说个事，以后不要随便在其他精灵面前暴露金宝儿有血脉传承的事，如果你不想在他成年能独立以前都见不到他的话。”
Shuyu: "...... Ahem, Wang Ye, let me tell you something, don't casually expose Jin Bao'er's bloodline inheritance in front of other elves in the future, if you don't want to see him until he is an adult and can be independent. ”
树雨叹息，他还是说了。 Shuyu sighed, he still said.
第133章 药园副本 Chapter 133: Medicine Garden Copy
王叶捏着金宝儿看了好一会儿。 Wang Ye pinched Jin Bao'er and looked at it for a while.
金宝被他看得都羞涩了，小爪子缩起来，尾巴卷起来盖住腹部。
Jinbao was shy by him, his little paws shrunk up, and his tail curled up to cover his abdomen.
雷木敲王叶脑袋：“看什么呢？” Lei Mu knocked Wang Ye's head: "What are you looking at?" ”
王叶这才把金宝放到茶几上，“普通精灵据说没有血脉传承。”
Only then did Wang Ye put Jinbao on the coffee table, "Ordinary elves are said to have no bloodline inheritance. ”
雷木眉头一皱，“树雨跟你说的？” Lei Mu frowned, "What did Shuyu tell you?" ”
“嗯。”王叶把树雨的原话告诉雷木。 "Hmm." Wang Ye told Lei Mu the original words of Shu Yu.
金宝挺起小胸膛，骄傲无比的叫：“皮卡叽~皮卡叽~”我就知道宝宝最了不起！
Jinbao puffed up his little chest and shouted proudly: "Pikaji~Pikaji~" I know that the baby is the most amazing!
雷木叮嘱金宝：“以后暂时不要对精灵、也不要对任何人说你有血脉传承，听到了吗？”
Lei Mu told Jinbao: "Don't tell the elves or anyone that you have a bloodline inheritance for the time being, do you hear?" ”
“皮卡叽！”金宝甩了甩小尾巴，他才不要离开两个爸爸呢。
"Pikachi!" Jinbao flicked his little tail, he didn't want to leave the two fathers.
王叶挥手让金宝去找小光它们玩，等屋里没了小孩，才跟雷木说道：“我记得你也跟我说过，当你发动精灵血脉时，你也能接收到一些传承？”
Wang Ye waved his hand and asked Jinbao to go to Xiaoguang to play, and when there were no children in the house, he said to Lei Mu: "I remember you also told me that when you activate the elven bloodline, you can also receive some inheritance?" ”
雷木在王叶身边坐下，放松身体道：“是啊。我大约返祖了吧？”
Lei Mu sat down beside Wang Ye, relaxed his body and said, "Yes." I'm about a returnee, right? ”
他不怕王叶身上的毒，因为小叶子伤害谁也不会伤害他。小叶子就是个小坏蛋，他明明能控制身上的毒，但他就是不对别人说。他似乎很喜欢别人怕他？
He is not afraid of the poison on Wang Ye's body, because Xiao Yezi will not hurt him if he hurts anyone. Xiao Yezi is a little villain, he can obviously control the poison on his body, but he just doesn't tell others. He seems to like people are afraid of him?
王叶盘膝面对雷木：“你还记得我们第一次送金宝到无尽森海时，你激活了精灵血脉，但我让你收起来吗？”
Wang Ye crossed his knees and faced Lei Mu: "Do you remember the first time we sent Jinbao to the Endless Forest Sea, you activated the elven bloodline, but I asked you to put it away?" ”
“嗯。有什么不妥吗？”雷木想起了这件事，当时他还想询问王叶，后来忙碌起来就忘了。
"Hmm. Is there anything wrong? Lei Mu remembered this, and at that time he still wanted to ask Wang Ye, but then he forgot about it when he was busy.
“那时我感觉你身上有很浓的植物气息，就像是某种高级魔植，而不像是正宗的精灵气息。”
"At that time, I felt that you had a strong plant aura on you, like some kind of high-grade magic plant, not like an authentic elf aura."
雷木被逗笑：“我本来就不是正宗的精灵。” Lei Mu was amused: "I am not an authentic elf in the first place. ”
王叶严肃道：“你别笑。这事情很严重，你知道精灵族木系出问题的事吗？”
Wang Ye said solemnly: "Don't laugh. This matter is very serious, do you know that there is a problem with the elven wood system? ”
雷木摇头：“我对精灵族不太了解，知道得还没你多。”
Lei Mu shook his head: "I don't know much about the elf clan, and I don't know as much as you." ”
“我跟你说哦，”王叶满脸神秘地道：“精灵族的木系很可能消失了。”
"I'll tell you," Wang Ye said with a mysterious face, "The wood line of the elf clan is likely to disappear. ”
上辈子，他就没看到过一个木系精灵，再从那些溃散在外的精灵流露出的只字片语来看，精灵族很可能缺失了木系。
In his previous life, he had never seen a single wood-based elf, and judging from the words and phrases of those scattered elves, the elves were probably missing the wood-based system.
“消失？” "Disappear?"
“对，原因不明，大约只有精灵族内部才能知道原因。我怀疑你很可能是某个纯血木系精灵的后代，也许你身上会冒出魔植的气息，就跟木系精灵的血脉有关。当然，也许还有别的原因。总之，我觉得你不适合在精灵族面前暴露你可能是木系精灵血脉的秘密，更别说你还有血脉传承。”王叶苦恼，他忽然发现他家木木身世似乎有点复杂。
"Yes, the reason is unknown, probably only within the elves can know the reason. I suspect that you are likely to be the descendant of some pure-blooded wood elf, and perhaps you will have the aura of a demon plant on your body, which has something to do with the blood of the wood elf. Of course, there may be other reasons. In short, I don't think it's suitable for you to expose the secret that you may be a wood elf bloodline in front of the elves, let alone that you still have a bloodline inheritance. Wang Ye was distressed, and he suddenly found that his family Mumu's life experience seemed to be a bit complicated.
雷木靠在沙发上看着王小叶苦恼的表情，特别想笑，他伸手揉了揉男孩的短头毛：“那你现在不是养了两个麻烦？”
Lei Mu leaned on the sofa and looked at Wang Xiaoye's distressed expression, he especially wanted to laugh, he reached out and rubbed the boy's short hair: "Then aren't you raising two troubles now?" ”
王叶怅然：“何止两个。” Wang Ye was stunned: "Not only two." ”
雷木大笑。 Reimu laughed.
王叶哼唧：“总之你以后离精灵族远点，而且不要随便提升你的精灵族血脉浓度。等我把木系精灵的事调查清楚再说。”
Wang Ye snorted: "In short, you stay away from the elves in the future, and don't increase the concentration of your elven bloodline casually." I'll wait until I get to the bottom of the matter of the wood elves. ”
“你想调查木系精灵，那得深入精灵族地才行。”雷木并不赞成王叶的行为。
"If you want to investigate the wood elves, you have to go deep into the elven land." Lei Mu did not approve of Wang Ye's behavior.
王叶耸肩：“看机会吧，不强求。另外，木木，你有没有觉得虫巢里的蔬菜和药植越长越好了？”
Wang Ye shrugged: "Look at the opportunity, don't force it." Also, Mumu, do you think that the longer the vegetables and medicinal plants in the hive, the better? ”
雷木这段时间比较忙碌，还真没注意到这点：“也许是小光它们照顾得好？加上虫巢里面能量丰富？”
Lei Mu was busy during this time, and he really didn't notice this: "Maybe Xiaoguang took good care of them?" Plus the hive is rich in energy? ”
王叶摇头：“不仅仅是这样。” Wang Ye shook his head: "It's not just that. ”
王叶想到了那枚自己钻进小山里的生命之树树叶，但他不觉得只凭那枚树叶就能改变整个虫巢的种植环境，还能催发植物生长。
Wang Ye thought of the Tree of Life leaf that he had burrowed into the hill, but he didn't think that that leaf alone could change the planting environment of the entire insect hive, and it could also promote plant growth.
王叶目光飘到雷木身上。 Wang Ye's gaze drifted to Lei Mu.
“这样看我干什么？”雷木端起杯子喝了口水。 "What do you think I'm doing like that?" Lei Mu took a sip of water from his cup.
王叶：“我觉得虫巢种植环境开始改变，就是从你维持精灵族血脉后开始。”
Wang Ye: "I think the environment for cultivating worm nests began to change, just after you maintained the bloodline of the elf race. ”
“哦？” "Oh?"
“这也是我怀疑你是木系精灵混血的原因之一。” "That's one of the reasons why I suspect you're a wood-elf hybrid."
“种植啊……”雷木摸摸下巴：“或许我应该再去学个培植学，看能不能激发更多传承？”
"Planting...... Lei Mu touched his chin: "Maybe I should learn cultivation again to see if I can inspire more inheritance?" ”
王叶热情地道：“我有上这个课，教授允许旁听，你要来旁听吗？”
Wang Ye said enthusiastically: "I have this class, the professor allows me to audit, do you want to come and audit?" ”
技多不压身，雷木当然不介意去听几堂课。 There are many skills, and of course Reimu doesn't mind going to a few classes.
学校没有寒暑假，但有旬休，逢十休息一日，每月月底有月休，可以连续休息三天。
The school does not have winter and summer vacations, but there are ten days off, one day off every ten days, and a monthly break at the end of each month, which can be closed for three consecutive days.
比较长的假期有两个，一个是校庆日，校庆日当天学校会举办大型庆祝活动，之后全校放假十二天。还有就是全世界魔法学校学生大赛，大赛期间所有相关学校都会休息二十天。
There are two longer holidays, one is the school anniversary, on which the school will hold a large celebration, and then the whole school will have a 12-day holiday. There is also the World Magic School Student Competition, during which all relevant schools are closed for 20 days.
正好隔日就是月休，王叶跟雷木说自己接了一个小任务，可能要有两三天不在家。
It happened that the next day was the monthly holiday, and Wang Ye told Lei Mu that he had taken a small task and might not be at home for two or three days.
雷木信以为真，也没在意。 Lei Mu believed it and didn't care.
就在王叶出发前，他收到了学校奖励给他的一千学分。 Just before Wang Ye left, he received a thousand credits from the school.
王叶笑得牙花子都露出来了。 Wang Ye smiled so much that his teeth were exposed.
随着奖励学分过来的还有来自教授的新的询问，问他是否了解这种寄生虫，如果能提供其他相关信息，另外会再酌情送他学分。
Along with the award credits, there was a new inquiry from the professor asking if he knew anything about the parasite, and if he could provide other relevant information, he would be given credit as appropriate.
王叶立刻就把他在囚犯岛的遭遇简缩成一段话，重点介绍智慧寄生虫族，然后发了出去。
Wang Ye immediately condensed his encounter on Prisoner Island into a paragraph, focusing on the Wisdom Parasitic Clan, and then sent it out.
至于发出去后，教授们会怎么想和怎么震惊，就不关他的事了。
As for what the professors will think and be shocked after sending it out, it's none of his business.
王叶给教授回复完，就出发前往任务地点。 After Wang Ye replied to the professor, he set off for the mission location.
路上，疯药王漂浮在王叶身边，不住念叨：“你大晚上要做什么任务？为什么要把时间都浪费在这些无关紧要的事务上？你说你怎么到现在还炼制不出三级药剂，你怎么就这么笨？你看魔药学院有个一年级生都能炼制三级魔药了。”
On the way, the Mad Medicine King floated beside Wang Ye, and kept muttering: "What task are you going to do at night?" Why waste all your time on these inconsequential matters? You said why can't you refine a third-level potion until now, why are you so stupid? You see, there is a first-year student in the Potions Academy who can refine third-level potions. ”
“急什么，懂不懂什么叫后来居上？再说那些能炼制三级的，那是来学校之前就学过。”王叶懒懒道。
"What's the hurry, do you know what it means to be behind? Besides, those who can refine level 3 have learned it before they came to school. Wang Ye said lazily.
他才开始学习魔法制药不过四个月，能在短短四个月就连续掌握一级和二级魔法药剂，而且不是一两种，是只要学校有记载的一级和二级魔法药剂，只要能弄到药材，他就几乎都炼制成功过。
He had only been learning magic potions for four months, and he had been able to master the first-level and second-level magic potions in a row in just four months, and not one or two, as long as the first-level and second-level magic potions recorded in the school, as long as he could get the medicinal materials, he had almost all successfully refined them.
就他这种掌握量和成功率，就是学校教授也不敢保证，更何况学校那些学生？
With his mastery and success rate, even the school professors dare not guarantee it, let alone those students in the school?
没看学校教授给悬赏的奖励都只是三级药剂，可见三级药剂已经很珍贵了。
I didn't see that the rewards given by the school professors were only third-level potions, which shows that the third-level potions are already very precious.
疯药王不甘心：“你就不能更勤快点？你看你花大量时间在一些没有必要的课程上，多耽误事？你学魔食也就算了，那什么魔乐魔画的都应该赶紧停下来，及时止损！”
The Mad Medicine King was unwilling: "Can't you be more diligent?" Do you see that you spend a lot of time on some unnecessary courses, how much delay? If you learn magic food, forget it, then you should stop and stop in time if you learn magic food! ”
王叶没好气道：“敢情你不是在听到我拉二胡后，魂魄变得更凝实？也不是在我拉二胡的时候，顿悟突破进入亡灵一阶？如今更是嗖嗖进入二阶？”
Wang Ye said angrily: "Don't you dare to love your soul after hearing me pull the erhu, and your soul becomes more condensed?" Didn't I break through to the first level of the undead when I played the erhu? Now it's swishing into the second order? ”
每次王叶拉二胡都要跑过去听一听的疯药王：“……那魔画课程和占卜课程之类的可以取消。”
Every time Wang Yela Erhu has to run over to listen to the mad medicine king: "...... You can cancel the magic painting class and the divination class. ”
王叶从鼻孔里喷气：“为什么要取消？就因为对你没用？不好意思，这些你认为没用的课程对我都很有用。”
Wang Ye exhaled from his nostrils: "Why cancel?" Just because it's useless to you? I'm sorry, but these lessons that you think are useless are all useful to me. ”
“那你什么时候才能做出第一阶段的千木蜕变药剂的激发药剂？”
"Then when will you be able to make the activation potion of the first stage of the Thousand Wood Transformation Elixir?"
“催催催！你就会催，谁让你把第一阶段的药剂搞成必须三级药剂才能解开？我手法和知识都够了，但我能量还不够！药材也不够。”
"Urge, urge! You will urge, who told you to make the first-stage potion that must be a third-level potion to unravel? I have enough skills and knowledge, but I don't have enough energy! There are not enough medicinal herbs. ”
主要是他的玩家等级还没到三十级，他能吸收和使用的能量就被局限在三级以内。
The main reason is that his player level has not yet reached level 30, and the energy he can absorb and use is limited to level 3.
这也是他作为玩家最郁闷的地方，玩家系统给他带来了不少好处，但同样也有相当大的局限性。
This is also the most frustrating part of him as a player, the player system has brought him a lot of benefits, but it also has considerable limitations.
王叶原本还等着给精灵们幼崽治疗寄生虫这个任务来冲一冲等级，结果等到现在都没结果。
Wang Ye was originally waiting for the task of treating parasites for the elf cubs to rush the level, but until now there has been no result.
可他这个千木之毒也确实不能不解决，再这样下去，别说实习的地方，学校恐怕会直接停止他所有课程，不让他去上课，也不让他去图书馆和食堂之类的公开场所。
But he really can't help but solve the poison of a thousand trees, if he continues like this, let alone the place where he interns, the school will probably stop all his classes directly, not let him go to class, and not let him go to public places such as libraries and canteens.
就算他说他能控制毒素也没用，他能保证自己不受伤、不流半滴血吗？如果有人故意针对他，利用他的毒血去伤害别人怎么办？
Even if he said he could control the toxin, it would be useless, could he guarantee that he would not be injured and would not bleed? What if someone deliberately targets him and uses his poisonous blood to harm others?
没办法，为了快速升级，他只能主动出击，副本该走起来了。
There is no way, in order to level up quickly, he can only take the initiative, and the copy should go.
王叶这段时间注意过玩家等级排行榜，在他之后已经有数十名玩家超过十五级，速度最快的几个玩家等级已经快要逼近他。
Wang Ye had paid attention to the player level rankings during this time, and there were already dozens of players who had exceeded level fifteen after him, and the fastest player levels were already approaching him.
显然是他当初发出去的匿名贴有了效用。 Apparently the anonymous post he sent out in the first place had an effect.
是的，王叶为了让大家等级升得更快一点，不让自己再一骑绝尘在前，他曾经直接用隔壁小王的ID发过一个如何快速升级的指导贴。
Yes, in order to make everyone's level rise faster and not let himself ride in front of him again, Wang Ye once directly used the ID of Xiao Wang next door to send a guide post on how to quickly level up.
这个帖子他还设定成付费阅读，打开需要十个铜币。 He also set this post to be paid to read, and it takes ten copper coins to open.
十个铜币虽然少，但积少成多，而且他发这个帖子主要也不是为了赚钱，而是想让大家快速升级。
Although ten copper coins is less, it adds up to a lot, and the main reason why he posted this post is not to make money, but to let everyone level up quickly.
十个铜币相当于十块钱，如果是在现实世界，很多人可能都不愿意掏这笔钱只为看一个帖子，会觉得太贵。但当十块钱变成十个铜币，还是游戏货币时，绝大多数人都不会在意这点小钱。
Ten copper coins are equivalent to ten yuan, and if it were in the real world, many people might not be willing to pay this money just to read a post, and they would feel too expensive. But when ten dollars becomes ten copper coins, which is still the game currency, most people don't care about this small amount of money.
付费阅读这个帖子的玩家很多。谁让隔壁小王就是热点呢~
There are a lot of players who pay to read this post. Who made Xiao Wang next door a hot spot~
王叶在帖子中写明了两个快速升级的方法，一个就是帮助新手村居民，如果能改变当地生活条件，拿出比较有价值的技术，得到的经验值就会比较高。
Wang Ye wrote in the post that there are two ways to quickly upgrade, one is to help the residents of the novice village, if they can change the local living conditions and come up with more valuable technologies, the experience value will be relatively high.
还有一个方法就是成为佣兵，做佣兵任务，如果能参加大型国战任务，以救人为主的话，也能拿到非常高的经验值。
Another way is to become a mercenary, do mercenary missions, if you can participate in large-scale national war missions, mainly to save people, you can also get very high experience points.
比如上辈子，他就知道一开始冲进十五级的几个玩家，就是因为他们所在的新手村被卷入战争，他们和新手村人已经培养出了深厚感情，在战争发生时他们没有逃离，反而留下来帮助那些新手村人抵抗敌人，并在之后跟着揭竿而起的村人一路救人，直到队伍首领建立起新的国家。
For example, in his previous life, he knew that the few players who rushed into level fifteen at the beginning were because the novice village they were in was involved in the war, and they had developed a deep relationship with the novice villagers, and they did not flee when the war occurred, but stayed to help those novice villagers resist the enemy, and then followed the villagers who rose up to save people all the way, until the team leader established a new country.
按照游戏救一个人的性命会奖励一百点经验值计算。只要救一千人，就有十万点经验值奖励。
Calculated based on the fact that the game will reward 100 XP points for saving a person's life. As long as you save 1,000 people, you will be rewarded with 100,000 experience points.
这在普通时候根本救不了这么多人，但在战争时期，尤其是大型国战时，却很容易做到。
This would not have saved so many people in ordinary times, but it is easy to do in times of war, especially in large national wars.
那几个玩家初期就是靠救人和帮助代表正义的一方，一直在等级排行榜前列。
Those players were the ones who represented justice by saving people and helping them in the early days, and they were always at the top of the level leaderboard.
等众玩家达到十五级，可以做副本后，等级就能升得更快。
When the players reach level 15 and can make quests, the level will rise faster.
王叶看排在他之后的第二名，有点陌生，不知道是不是上辈子这时期的等级排行第一名。
Wang Ye looked at the second place after him, a little unfamiliar, I don't know if it was the first place in the ranking of this period in his previous life.
而第三名到第六名的游戏ID，则是上辈子的第二名到第五名。
The game IDs from the third to the sixth place are the second to the fifth place in the previous life.
第二名到第五名这四个玩家，有两个都是后来游戏中的大佬，都上了实力排行榜前十位。
Of the four players from the second to the fifth, two of them were the big guys in the later games, and they were all in the top ten of the power rankings.
不过这四个玩家所在的国家距离陨星魔法城过于遥远，而且国家也不算大，他在学校都没有听到相关战争传言。
However, the country where these four players are located is too far away from the Falling Star Magic City, and the country is not too big, and he has not heard any rumors of war in school.
如今论坛上谈论他的人已经少了很多，加上有玩家也隐匿了自己的姓名，玩家等级排行榜已经不再是他一个人是无名氏，再过一阵子，只要有人等级超过他，大家就会搞不清楚他到底排在第几位了。
Now that there are a lot fewer people talking about him on the forum, and some players have also hidden their names, the player level ranking is no longer that he is an anonymous person, and after a while, as long as someone exceeds his level, everyone will not know how many people he ranks.
而且随着超过十五级的玩家增多，玩家财富榜和实力榜将要出现，玩家等级榜很快就会从首页消失，也没人会再去关注。
And with the increase in the number of players over level 15, the player wealth list and strength list will appear, and the player level list will soon disappear from the homepage, and no one will pay attention to it anymore.
王叶巴不得没人关注他才好，这样他才能闷声发大财。 Wang Ye wished that no one would pay attention to him, so that he could make a fortune in silence.
再说副本任务，这个游戏要进副本，有两种方式，一种是激活前置任务，只要把前置任务完成，就能拿到进入副本的资格。
Speaking of dungeon tasks, there are two ways to enter the dungeon in this game, one is to activate the pre-task, as long as the pre-task is completed, you can get the qualification to enter the dungeon.
还有一种是直接进入副本，只是选择直接进入副本，需要花费一百点的经验值。
There is also a way to go directly to the dungeon, just choose to go directly to the dungeon, which costs a hundred experience points.
王叶懒得去做前置任务，他决定就花一百点经验值直接进入副本，上辈子这么做的玩家也是绝大多数。
Wang Ye was too lazy to do the pre-task, he decided to spend a hundred experience points to enter the dungeon directly, and the players who did this in their previous life were also the vast majority.
另外这个游戏的副本可以自己选择，也可以让游戏帮你选。
In addition, you can choose a copy of this game yourself, or you can let the game choose it for you.
王叶当然打算自己选择。 Of course, Wang Ye planned to choose for himself.
学校药园以为不让他进入他就没办法薅羊毛了吗？ Did the school medicine garden think that if he didn't let him in, he wouldn't be able to gather wool?
哼，那就太小看他这个重生者了。 Hmph, that's underestimating him as a reborn.
陨星魔法学校是个超级大副本，里面还有很多小副本，学校药园就是个小副本，普通级别的话，十五级以上都能进入。
The Meteorite Magic School is a super large copy, and there are many small copies in it, and the school medicine garden is a small copy, and if you are at the ordinary level, you can enter it above the fifteenth level.
“你怎么到药园来了？”疯药王不明所以。 "How did you get to the medicine garden?" The mad drug king doesn't know why.
“你是要留在外面，还是进入我的空间？”王叶没有回答疯药王的问题，他站到了药园外一颗大树下，青黑色的身体几乎和大树阴影融为一体。
"Are you going to stay outside, or are you going to enter my space?" Wang Ye didn't answer the mad medicine king's question, he stood under a big tree outside the medicine garden, his blue-black body almost blending with the shadow of the big tree.
疯药王傻了才会在亡魂二阶的时候在学校飘来荡去，要是不小心被发现，对方又不给他说话机会，直接把他打散，他连报仇的机会都没有。
The mad medicine king is stupid to float around the school when he is in the second order of the revenant, if he is accidentally discovered, and the other party does not give him a chance to speak, he will directly break him up, and he will not even have a chance to take revenge.
疯药王进了虫巢。 The Mad Medicine King has entered the hive.
王叶在脑中呼唤系统页面，要求进入副本。 Wang Ye called the system page in his mind and asked to enter the dungeon.
可能因为他就在药园外面，陨星魔法学校药园副本是第一个跳出来的。
Maybe because he was just outside the Medicine Garden, the Medicine Garden copy of the Falling Star School of Magic was the first to jump out.
王叶选择普通级别，他也只能选择这个级别，同时选择随机队友。
Wang Ye chooses the normal level, and he can only choose this level, and at the same time chooses random teammates.
与药园相关的普通副本目前只有一个，叫做“失落的药锄”。
There is currently only one normal quest related to the Medicine Garden, which is called "The Lost Medicine Hoe".
这个副本他没有做过，但上辈子他查资料时看到过相关信息。药园有好几个副本，“失落的药锄”只是其中之一，还是普通副本中比较简单的一个。
He hadn't done this copy, but he had seen the relevant information when he checked the information in his previous life. There are several dungeons in the Medicine Garden, and the "Lost Medicine Hoe" is just one of them, and it is still the simpler one of the normal dungeons.
王叶不由猜测，没有出现的那些十五级的普通副本会不会都是学校被毁以后才出的副本。而“失落的药锄”则是学校被毁以前就有的副本。
Wang Ye couldn't help but guess whether the ordinary copies of the fifteenth level that didn't appear were all copies that came out after the school was destroyed. The "Lost Medicine Hoe" is a copy of the school that existed before it was destroyed.
上辈子他来陨星做副本时，这座学校早就变成废墟，虽然副本内容貌似和学校被毁无关，但他把几个副本刷下来的感觉，有种学校被毁的线索就隐藏在副本中的感觉。包括药园任务，也是如此。
In his previous life, when he came to Meteorite to do a copy, this school had long been in ruins, although the content of the copy seemed to have nothing to do with the destruction of the school, but he brushed down a few copies of the feeling, and there was a feeling that the clues to the destruction of the school were hidden in the copy. The same goes for the Medicine Garden quest.
只是他当时一心只想完成任务赚取经验值升级，或者在副本中搜刮好东西，对于破谜解密的兴趣不大。有些线索哪怕就放在眼前，只要他觉得和他的任务无关，他也会视而不见或置之不理。
It's just that he was only interested in completing tasks to earn experience points to upgrade or scavenging good things in dungeons, and he wasn't interested in solving puzzles. Even if some clues are placed in front of him, as long as he feels that they are not related to his mission, he will turn a blind eye or ignore them.
而根据他记得的“失落的药锄”的相关内容来看，这就是个十分狗血的爱情副本。
And according to the relevant content of the "Lost Medicine Hoe" he remembers, this is a very bloody copy of love.
他猜系统会放这么一个副本出来，大概是为了教育大家哪怕恋爱也要保持一颗清醒的大脑？
He guessed that the system would put such a copy out, probably to educate everyone to keep a clear brain even if they are in love?
这个副本大致内容是男生A爱上了女生A，但女生A喜欢的是另一个男生B，可男生B只喜欢药草，对谈恋爱不感兴趣。
The general content of this copy is that boy A falls in love with girl A, but girl A likes another boy B, but boy B only likes herbs and is not interested in falling in love.
男生A对女生A嘘寒问暖，关心备至。 Boy A shush and greet Girl A and care about her.
可悲的是女生A不但没有感觉到男生A的好，反而因为对男生B求而不得，精神出了问题，竟然张冠李戴，把男生A对她做的事情全都戴到了男生B头上，并因此对男生B更加情根深种。
The sad thing is that girl A not only did not feel that boy A was good, but because she couldn't ask for boy B, she had mental problems, and she even put all the things that boy A did to her on boy B's head, and therefore had more affection for boy B.
之后男生A和女生A发生关系，女生A怀孕了，跑去找男生B，让他负责。
After that, boy A and girl A have a relationship, and girl A is pregnant, so she runs to boy B and asks him to be responsible.
男生B莫名其妙，女生A不依不饶，男生A闻讯赶来想要安抚女生A，还把事实告诉女生A，结果被女生A骂做癞蛤蟆想吃天鹅肉。
Boy B was inexplicable, Girl A didn't give up, Boy A rushed to appease Girl A when he heard the news, and told Girl A the facts, but was scolded by Girl A for being a toad and wanting to eat swan meat.
男生A心碎，挑战男生B。 Boy A is heartbroken and challenges Boy B.
男生B的感觉简直就是一盆狗屎扑面而来，他压根什么都不知道好吗。
男生B最后同意和男生A上擂台，唯一的要求就是让他和女生A从此消失在他面前。男生A答应。
男生A输了，还输得很惨。
女生A越发看不起男生A，更一心扑在男生B身上。
男生B受不了被纠缠，把事情报告给学校，希望学校能帮忙处理。
之后男生B似乎离校做长期任务，再也没有出现在药园。
男生A以为男生B离开，他就能慢慢让女生A回心转意，毕竟他们孩子都有了。
可女生A被学校教授强行治疗好精神问题后，发现自己竟然怀了男生A的孩子，无法接受，打掉了。并因为丢脸而就此退学。
男生A知道后，无法接受，怒而扔掉了自己的魔器药锄，扔进了药园一口深井中。然后男生A在回去的路上，越想越想不开，竟然自杀了……
故事背景差不多就是这样，而想要完成任务，首先就得了解故事背景，否则你找到那个失落的药锄，你也不知道该如何帮它完成它的心愿。
对，这个副本的主线任务就是完成“失落的药锄”的愿望。
药锄的愿望是找到它主人的灵魂，解放他。
但药锄不知道它主人的灵魂在哪儿，只知道男生A的灵魂被拘禁了，而且每天都很痛苦。
所以这个任务最大的难点就是找到药锄主人的灵魂被拘禁在什么地方。
而你想要找到男生A的灵魂所在，就得先了解他的爱情故事，再被人指点看一副女生画像，否则你就无法发现女生A并没有离开学校这个秘密。
女生A仍旧待在药园里在等待男生B的归来。只是学校为了保护学生，对外说她已经离校，实际上她一直留在药园里做实习生。
而男生A的灵魂就在女生A的手上。
如果你能找到男生A的灵魂，就能了解到他并不是死于自杀，而是被人咒杀而死。
原因？
原因就是男生A扔掉药锄后就发誓再也不会被爱情迷了眼，决定做一个清醒的男人，并再也不会对女生A付出感情。
但男生A不知道女生A就在附近，并听到了他的誓言。
女生A因此怨恨起男生A，她觉得男生A就该一辈子想着她、念着她、爱着她，而不应该从此把她抛到脑后。
恼怒的女生A用她堕下的胎儿咒杀了男生A，并囚禁了他的灵魂。
没错，这个女生A就是这个副本任务中的最大Boss，而且特别擅长灵魂类魔法。虽然女生A发奋图强用心学习灵魂类魔法，只是为了能操纵男生B的灵魂，让他爱上她……
这个副本尽管十分狗血，但任务奖励还不错，运气好的人还能在里面学习到培植学、魔药学、以及魔法入门等技能，还有一些很实用的道具掉落，算是比较受欢迎的一个副本。
对于王小叶来说，这个副本不止可以给他丰厚的经验值，更能为他提供大量的药植，只要他能逃过各个药植田地主人的追杀……
【本副本需要最少五名玩家才能进入，请稍等，正在随机选择共同进入本副本的玩家。】
片刻。
【玩家全员到位。玩家隔壁小王是否确定进入游戏副本“失落的药锄”？】
“是。”
瞬间，王叶身形从原地消失。
待在宿舍的雷木眼神一凝，就在这一刹那，他忽然感觉到他和小叶子之间的精神联系远了许多。
小叶子，你还好吗？
担心的情绪传递出去。
远远的，代表王叶安全的平稳情绪传递回来。
虽然有遥远感，但两人之间的精神联系并没有彻底断开。雷木稍微放了点心。
第134章 自己人的待遇
王叶就觉眼前一花，就看到了明亮的阳光，及大片的田地。
他的身边还站着两个人，一男一女，看样子年龄都不大，大约十七八岁的模样。
只看他们手背的印记，就知道这两位都是玩家。不过他们是否真的只有十七八岁，那就只有他们自己知道了。
游戏在选择玩家形象时会遵照玩家原本的外貌进行塑形，但玩家可以选择上调或下调容貌，年龄可以选择的范围就更大。
就跟化妆可以像换了个人一样，上调或下调容貌也起到了同样效果。
再想想美颜相机，你十八岁时的模样和四十岁时的模样能一样吗？
为此，极度危险游戏中的玩家几乎没有中老年人，也没有什么特别丑的，如果有，也是特立独行另类彰显自己的人。
“哇，竟然还有这么小的玩家？”女玩家第一个惊呼，看着王叶伸出手，友好地道：“小弟弟你好，你现实中真的也只有这么大吗？”
男玩家突然发出闷笑，望天，表情似乎有点不好意思。
王叶又不是真的小男孩，他怎么可能不明白男玩家在笑什么，但他就像什么都没听懂一样，也没去握女玩家的手，而是指了指自己的脸：“我身上有毒，不适合近距离接触。”
他这一抬手，两玩家也都看到了他手背上的玩家印记。王叶要进副本，为了不暴露自己的特殊，自然提前做好了准备。
男玩家还看到他另一只手的手背上似乎也有图案，但王叶的手青黑一片，手背上的图案也不能看得很清楚。
“哦，我就说你怎么看起来就像是小僵尸一样。”女玩家笑，“很可爱哦。对了，我叫碎月，这是第二次进副本。”
王叶点头：“雷叶，第一次进副本。”
进入副本前可以选择要不要暴露真实玩家ID，大约是全息的缘故，一般玩家都会选择隐藏，如此一旦在副本中有什么恩怨，也很难找到本人。而副本中玩家彼此也很少会说出真ID名。
男玩家也自我介绍：“你们可以叫我梵音，也是第二次进副本。”
王叶听到梵音的名字就知道他是谁了，他应该就是排名第二的玩家“梵音不绝升天入地”。
可惜上辈子游戏后期，他就没听过这个名字。这有两个可能，一个是梵音后期能力不够从此淹没在玩家汪洋中，这个可能性最高。还有一个可能就是现实中出了什么事。
碎月显然也猜到了梵音的身份，整张脸都亮了：“哇，原来你就是梵音大大！久仰大名，你好你好。”
梵音尴尬地笑了笑，正要说话，又来了两个人，是两个青年。
两名青年显然互相认识，大家又重新互相介绍。
青年之一自称老王，惹得大家都笑起来。
王叶：呵！
另一名青年则自称小李。
梵音笑着问：“能说说大家都有什么技能吗？我们现在也算是临时小队了。按照我第一次进副本的经验，我们大约还有两三分钟的磨合时间。”
碎月立即道：“我没有什么特别能力，不过我在第一次的副本中得到了一个治疗道具，可以在普通副本中使用三次。”
“你现实中的特长呢？”梵音问。
碎月吐了吐舌头，不好意思地道：“我也没什么特长，小时候学过钢琴算不算？虽然我现在已经不怎么弹了。”
梵音点头：“算，如果有乐理方面和音乐理解方面的难关，还是很需要这个特长的。”
碎月笑起来，和梵音一起看向其他人。
老王一张口，就给人很爽直的粗鲁大汉之感：“我和小李都是第一次进副本，也都还没有学技能。我老王别的特长没有，就是会打铁，我在村里跟铁匠学的也是这个，我在现实中是开汽车维修铺的，对电路和机械算是比较了解吧。不过这个副本貌似用不着我的特长？哈哈哈！”
小李性格也比较活泼，他指了指老王：“我老板，我特长跟他差不多，另外我在村里跟裁缝学了怎么做衣服。嗐，我以为学裁缝就能学制作空间包了，后来才发现我想多了。”
几人一阵哄笑。
“小叶子，你的特长和能力是什么？看你的模样，该不会你的能力就是释放毒素？”碎月好奇地问。
王叶一本正经地点头：“对。”
梵音夸奖：“这个能力很实用，非常好。” Sanskrit praised: "This ability is very practical and very good. ”
碎月又转看向梵音。
梵音：“我的能力也是在第一次副本中得到，其实也不能说是能力，我只是得到了一本初级魔法书，跟着上面学习了一点魔法，但我现在也就是初级学徒，也就是能凝聚一个火球的程度。”
“好棒！竟然这么快就学到技能了。”碎月满脸羡慕，又追问：“那梵音大大你现实中的特长是什么？”
梵音：“我是学校篮球队的，打篮球算是我的特长吧。另外，我学医。”
“哇，又是医学生，运动神经还很好。大神，我们后面就要靠你了~”碎月双手合十。
老王和小李也跟着鼓掌，表示他们都是中专毕业的蓝领工人，接下来的任务就全靠梵音这个大学生了。
梵音尴尬又无奈地道：“别这么说，大家尽量合作，每个人都有用。”
“那大神当队长没意见吧？”碎月笑嘻嘻地问。
老王小李已经表明他们不想当队长。
梵音点头，也没推拒，接过了队长职责。
既然成了队长，梵音就不得不提前说明：“虽然大家组队了，但我建议谁得到的东西就属于谁，没必要拿出来平分，除非那东西是其他人一起帮忙拿到。这样也更公平，你们觉得呢？”
“同意。如果是大家合力拿到的话，就商量着分，也可以互相交换。”碎月道。
众人都没意见。
“我们看下任务内容吧，我们的主任务应该是相同的。”梵音加快语速。
"Let's take a look at the content of the mission, our main mission should be the same." Sanskrit sounds speed up speech.
碎月一边看任务内容一边抱怨道：“这个游戏虽然好玩，但真的太真实了，竟然连地图都不给一张，副本也没有地图，一切都要靠我们自己探索。第一次副本，我死了一次才通过。死一次还掉一级，害得我想做副本，还得先把等级升回来。”
Broken Moon complained while looking at the content of the mission: "Although this game is fun, it is really too real, and we don't even give a map, and there is no map for the dungeon, everything has to be explored by ourselves." The first copy, I died once before passing. If you die once and you lose one level, it makes me want to make a copy, and I have to raise the level back first. ”
“是啊，副本比普通游戏世界要更危险一些，但机遇也多。”小李附和。
"Yes, dungeons are a little more dangerous than normal game worlds, but there are also more opportunities." Xiao Li agreed.
所有队员都在看任务内容，王叶也不例外。 All the team members are looking at the content of the task, and Wang Ye is no exception.
【魔器有灵，虽然被爱而不得的主人一怒之下抛弃，但它仍旧日夜担心灵魂不能安息的主人。找到失落的药锄，完成它的愿望，方可成功离开本副本。任务完成，奖励一万点经验值。】
[The magic weapon has a spirit, although it was abandoned in anger by the owner who couldn't love it, but it still worries about the owner whose soul can't rest day and night. Find the Lost Hoe and fulfill its wish to successfully leave this quest. Complete the mission and reward 10,000 XP points. 】
王叶：果然。 Wang Ye: Sure enough.
“有人来了。”梵音提醒队友，有NPC出现也表示副本任务正式开始。
"Someone's coming." Sanskrit reminds teammates that the presence of NPCs also means that the quest has officially begun.
来人过来，先是打量五人，看到最小的王叶，还微微皱了皱眉头。
When someone came over, he first looked at the five people, and when he saw the youngest Wang Ye, he frowned slightly.
但在看到王叶身上的校服和他别在衣服胸口上的学生徽章，脸上又好看了一些。
But when he saw the school uniform on Wang Ye and the student badge he pinned to the chest of his clothes, his face looked a little better.
玩家们也在打量来人。 Players are also looking at the people.
就见此人身形偏瘦，年纪约四十多岁，很是清俊，很有教授风。
I saw that this person was thin, about forty years old, very handsome, and very professorial.
“我是这里的副园长，你们五个谁是培植师？”清俊中年人简单介绍自己，就问道。
"I'm the deputy head of the garden here, who is the cultivator of the five of you?" The middle-aged Qingjun asked after briefly introducing himself.
五人全都摇头。 All five shook their heads.
副园长有点不高兴，又问：“培植学徒呢？” The deputy director was a little unhappy, and asked, "What about cultivating apprentices?" ”
王叶上前一步，道：“我在学校学了培植课程，目前算是初级培植学徒。”
Wang Ye took a step forward and said, "I have learned the cultivation course at school, and I am currently regarded as a junior cultivation apprentice. ”
实际上以他的水平做个高级培植学徒绰绰有余。 In fact, it was more than enough to be a high-level cultivation apprentice at his level.
其他四个玩家一起看向小小的王叶，全都露出惊讶表情。
The other four players looked at the little Wang Ye together, all with surprised expressions.
“不错，培植是门博大精深的优异学科，学好了终身都会受益无穷，你很有眼光。”副园长从王叶的校服和学生徽章上看出他还是新生。年纪幼小，又是本校新生，还是很有培养前途的。
"Yes, cultivation is a broad and profound excellent discipline, and you will benefit immensely for life if you learn it well, and you have a great vision." The deputy principal could see from Wang Ye's school uniform and student badge that he was still a freshman. He is young and a freshman in this school, and he is still very promising.
“不过你怎么把自己搞成这副样子？中毒了？”副园长皱眉。
"But how did you make yourself look like this? Poisoned? The deputy director frowned.
王叶：“嗯。不过我自己能控制，不会伤害到药植。” Wang Ye: "Hmm. But I can control it myself, and it won't hurt the herbs. ”
副园长点点头，没再多问，又问其他玩家：“你们中谁对药植比较了解？上过相关课程也行，站出来。”
The deputy director nodded, didn't ask any more questions, and asked the other players, "Which of you knows more about medicinal plants?" It's okay to take relevant courses and stand up. ”
梵音有些迟疑，他学的是西医，目前只是一年级生，对药植真心不了解，但他总觉得如果不站出去，他可能会失去一个好机会，最终还是往前跨了一步。
Sanyin was a little hesitant, he studied Western medicine, he was only a first-year student at the moment, and he really didn't know anything about medicinal plants, but he always felt that if he didn't stand up, he might lose a good opportunity, and finally took a step forward.
副园长又道：“魔药学院的学生或者魔药学徒、药师学徒站出来。”
The deputy head of the garden said, "The students of the Potions Academy or the Potions apprentice or the pharmacist apprentice stand up. ”
这次就没人动了。 This time no one moved.
副园长询问剩下的三人，问他们是否懂得种植，看他们都摇头，虽然不太高兴，但也没说什么，只招手道：“你们跟我来。”
The deputy director asked the remaining three if they knew how to plant, and they all shook their heads, although they were not very happy, but they didn't say anything, only beckoned: "You come with me." ”
五人一起跟上副园长。 The five of them followed the deputy director together.
走过几片田地，副园长来到一间草棚前，指了指草棚里摆放的锄头和箩筐，对老王、小李和碎月说道：
Walking through a few fields, the deputy director came to a grass shed, pointed to the hoes and baskets placed in the grass shed, and said to Lao Wang, Xiao Li and Broken Moon:
“因为某些特殊原因，这段时间我们药园的野草生长得非常旺盛，偏偏现在又是学校比赛期，学校学生都放假了，无奈，我们只能对外招人。你们三个这段时间就负责除草，每天最少要拔除三箩筐的野草。”
"Due to some special reasons, the weeds in our medicine garden have grown very vigorously during this time, but now it is the school competition period, and the school students are on vacation, so we can only recruit people from outside. The three of you are responsible for weeding during this time, and you have to pull out at least three baskets of weeds every day. ”
三人盯着靠着墙边摆放的锄头，点头。 The three of them stared at the hoes placed against the wall and nodded.
副园长对着田地叫了一声。 The deputy director shouted at the field.
一名身穿校服的高年级生从田地里走来。 A senior student in a school uniform walks from a field.
梵音等四个玩家一起转头望向王叶。 Fanyin and the other four players turned their heads to look at Wang Ye together.
王叶的衣服明显和那男生的衣服是同一制式，只除了领口袖口的颜色和纹路不一样。
Wang Ye's clothes are obviously the same as the boy's clothes, except for the color and texture of the neckline and cuffs.
小李不断对王叶挤眼睛，那意思明显是想和王叶好好聊聊。
Xiao Li kept squeezing his eyes at Wang Ye, which obviously meant that he wanted to have a good chat with Wang Ye.
其他人也是这个意思，如果王叶真的和这里的人有关，那显然能给他们不少帮助。
Other people also mean the same thing, if Wang Ye is really related to the people here, it can obviously help them a lot.
梵音低声问：“雷叶，你是这里的学生？” Fanyin asked in a low voice, "Lei Ye, are you a student here?" ”
王叶大大方方地点头承认。 Wang Ye nodded generously in acknowledgement.
其他四人听到都羡慕了。怪不得那个NPC一上来就和小孩说了那么多，原来是把他当做自己人了。
The other four were envious when they heard it. No wonder that NPC talked so much to the child as soon as he came up, it turned out that he regarded him as his own.
“帕斯，你教他们辨识野草，别让他们把药植给祸害了。”
"Path, teach them to recognize weeds, and don't let them plant herbs to the scourge."
“好的，副园长。” "Okay, Deputy Headmaster."
副园长没再管小李三人，对王叶和梵音道：“你们跟我来，你们工作的地方不在这里。”
The deputy director didn't care about Xiao Li and the three of them anymore, and said to Wang Ye and Fanyin: "You come with me, the place where you work is not here." ”
王叶老实地跟在副园长身后。 Wang Ye honestly followed behind the deputy principal.
梵音看看走在前面的副园长，压低声音问王叶：“兄弟，请教你哈，要怎么才能进入魔法学校？”
Fanyin looked at the deputy principal who was walking in front, and asked Wang Ye in a low voice: "Brother, may I ask you, how can I enter the magic school?" ”
王叶早就猜到一旦他学生身份暴露，大家就会问他这个问题，为此他早已准备好答案：“两种方法，要么像我一样纯靠机遇，在新手村遇上了来招生的魔法学校老师，被选上，然后直接被带回学校入学。这种还不需要看等级。”
Wang Ye had already guessed that once his identity as a student was revealed, everyone would ask him this question, so he had already prepared an answer: "Two ways, either purely by chance like me, meet a magic school teacher who came to recruit students in the novice village, be selected, and then be directly brought back to the school for enrollment." This kind of doesn't need to look at the grade. ”
梵音更羡慕了，他怎么就没有这样的机遇呢？ Fanyin was even more envious, why didn't he have such an opportunity?
王叶又道：“还有一种方法就是离开村子后，想办法去魔法学校报名，通过考试，也能入学。”
Wang Ye said again: "Another way is to find a way to go to the magic school to register after leaving the village, and if you pass the exam, you can also enroll." ”
“入学有什么要求吗？” "Are there any requirements for admission?"
“有，最低十五。”王叶又多说了一点：“魔法学校的报名点不止一处，一般比较大规模的魔法学校都会在大城市定期招生，招生时间也都不一样。你看你距离哪边比较近，如果村子附近就有相关学校那最好，如果没有，又无法赶过去，就去大城市。那里除了学校会招生，还有各种魔法和异术培训班之类，不过这种培训班，你招子得放亮一点。”
"Yes, fifteen minimum." Wang Ye said a little more: "There is more than one registration point for magic schools, and generally large-scale magic schools will regularly enroll students in big cities, and the enrollment time is also different. You see which side you are close to, if there is a school near the village, it is better, if not, and you can't get there, go to the big city. In addition to the school's admissions, there are also various magic and magic training classes, but this kind of training class, you have to be a little brighter. ”
“另外，据说在学校相关副本里表现好，如果被学校的前辈看上，也有可能破格获得录取资格，加油吧。”
"In addition, it is said that you perform well in the school-related copy, and if you are favored by the seniors of the school, you may also be able to get admission without exception, so come on."
梵音眼睛亮起来，这个消息对他真的是太宝贵了。 Fanyin's eyes lit up, this news was really too precious to him.
“谢了，兄弟！”梵音已经断定王叶就是个故意调低年龄装嫩、实际至少有二十岁的成年人。
"Thanks, brother!" Sanskrit Yin had already concluded that Wang Ye was an adult who deliberately lowered his age and pretended to be tender, but was actually at least twenty years old.
梵音扼腕，他怎么就没想到这个好主意。想想看，不管是大佬收徒还是学校招生，当然是年纪越小的越受欢迎。小孩子却具有成年人的智慧和思考能力，那不就是人们眼中的天才吗？
Sanskrit choked, why didn't he think of this good idea. Come to think of it, whether it's the big guy's apprenticeship or school admissions, of course, the younger the more popular. Children have the wisdom and thinking ability of adults, isn't that a genius in the eyes of people?
失策失策！ Misstep, misstep!
如果不是这个破游戏升级太困难，梵音都想删号重建人物。
王叶笑，他刚才竟然获得一个助人为乐的任务奖励，系统奖励了他一百点经验值。
很好，他就喜欢这种意外之财。
副园长很快就把梵音安排好，让他帮助把采集下来的魔植进行初步分类、装箱。
梵音见王叶被带走，看着满地一箩箩刚采摘下来的药植，苦脸。
这些药植都好像啊，偏偏都放在一片，有的还只有根、茎、叶或花瓣，他要怎么分辨？
梵音也不能坐以待毙，更因为王叶的提醒不敢瞎搞——他还指望能被谁看中，进而破格录取入魔法学校呢。
梵音左看右看，找了半天，终于找到一个在田地里干活的半百老人，当即就跑了过去。
王叶被带到一座山包前，山包上开采出了梯田，种植着大量药植，就是貌似才发芽没多久，长得稀稀拉拉。
Wang Ye was taken to a mountain bag, on which terraced fields were mined, and a large number of medicinal plants were planted, but it seemed that it had only sprouted for a long time, and it had grown sparsely.
“这是我们刚从白鹿国买来的新魔植，叫静心茶，功效就是安抚灵魂，让精神平稳。对于经常需要思考和动脑的人来说，如果能长期饮用这种静心茶，那自然是大有好处。”
"This is a new magic plant that we just bought from the White Deer Country, called Meditation Tea, and its effect is to soothe the soul and stabilize the spirit. For people who often need to think and use their brains, if they can drink this meditation tea for a long time, it will naturally be very beneficial. ”
副园长介绍完魔植，才对王叶说道：“你的任务就是照顾好它们。那边棚子里的器具和材料，你可以随意使用，但不准带走。静心茶的种植期约为一年，培植师可以缩短它的成长期，我不求你能缩短多少，但我希望能在三天内看到它们能多长两片叶子。如果你能做到，除了三天一个魔晶的报酬，我会额外再给你一天十个学分的奖励。”
After the deputy director introduced the demon plants, he said to Wang Ye, "Your task is to take care of them. You can use the utensils and materials in the shed over there, but you are not allowed to take them away. The cultivation period of Jingxin tea is about a year, and the cultivator can shorten its growth period, I don't ask you how much to shorten it, but I hope to see them grow two more leaves in three days. If you can do it, in addition to the reward of one magic crystal for three days, I will give you an additional reward of ten credits for one more day. ”
“好的，谢谢园长。”王叶一口答应。 "Okay, thank you, Principal." Wang Ye agreed.
“我是副园长，不要叫错了。”副园长不想让园长有任何误以为他想夺权占位的意思，他对现在的职位和工作都很满意，不想变动。
"I'm the deputy principal, don't make a mistake." The deputy director didn't want the director to have any misconceptions that he wanted to seize power, he was very satisfied with his current position and work, and he didn't want to change.
“好的，副园长。” "Okay, Deputy Headmaster."
“但如果你没能照顾好，还让静心茶受损，不但没有报酬，我还会向学校申请倒扣你的学分，明白了吗？”副园长严厉地道。
"But if you don't take care of it, and let the meditation tea be damaged, not only will you not be paid, but I will also apply to the school to deduct your credits, understand?" The deputy director said sternly.
王叶点头，表示明白。 Wang Ye nodded, indicating that he understood.
副园长又缓和神色：“你也不要觉得我对你太严厉。你是我校学生，跟那些校外来的非专业人员不一样，我对他们的要求很低，但你来这里就不应该只为了赚取魔晶，更应该加强你的学习。如果你有不懂的，我允许你来问我。但一天只能找我一次，我的办公室在那边。”
The deputy director softened his expression again: "Don't think I'm too strict with you." You are a student of our school, unlike those non-professionals from outside the school, I have low requirements for them, but you should not come here just to earn magic crystals, but also to enhance your studies. If there's something you don't understand, I'll allow you to ask me. But you can only come to me once a day, and my office is over there. ”
副园长指了指附近山头一座建筑。 The deputy director pointed to a building on a nearby hill.
“谢谢副园长。”王叶这次是真心感谢了。这应该就是副本中对本校学生玩家隐藏的小福利，更容易获得知识、技能和道具。不枉他特地把校服穿出来，还把学生徽章也戴上。
"Thank you, Deputy Director." Wang Ye is sincerely grateful this time. This should be a small benefit hidden from the student players of the school in the dungeon, making it easier to obtain knowledge, skills, and items. It was in vain that he specially put out the school uniform and the student badge.
“副园长，请稍等，我有件事不知道能不能现在请教你？”王叶露出羞涩神情。
"Deputy Director, please wait, I don't know if I can ask you now?" Wang Ye showed a shy expression.
副园长转身，倒也没有不耐烦：“说说看，是什么事？”
The deputy director turned around, but he was not impatient: "Tell me, what is the matter?" ”
王叶：“是这样的，我在学校内听到一个传说，说是药园里曾有一个人，他爱而不得，最后一怒之下把自己的魔器药锄给扔到了药园某个地方。我……想把那个药锄找出来，我学培植和药植学，很需要一个方便好用的药锄，可我没什么钱和学分购买魔器，所以如果有机会……嘿嘿。”
Wang Ye: "That's right, I heard a legend in the school, saying that there was a person in the medicine garden, he couldn't love it, and in his last rage, he threw his magic weapon medicine hoe somewhere in the medicine garden. I...... I want to find out the medicine hoe, I study cultivation and medicinal plants, and I really need a convenient and easy-to-use medicine hoe, but I don't have the money and credits to buy magic weapons, so if I have the opportunity...... Hey. ”
王叶貌似很不好意思地摸摸鼻子。 Wang Ye seemed to be embarrassed to touch his nose.
副园长似笑非笑：“原来你是想打捡便宜的主意？” The deputy director smiled: "So you want to pick up the idea of cheapness?" ”
王叶低下头，耳朵红……黑黑的。 Wang Ye lowered his head, his ears red...... Black and black.
副园长摇摇头，可能是王叶年纪比较小吧，他也没有批评王叶，反而向他透露了一些消息：“来找这个药锄的人不少，你不是第一个。这个传说我也知道，不过当年我还不是这里的副园长，对具体情况也不是很了解，我只隐约知道那药锄似乎被扔到了一口水井中。但药园这么多水井，谁知道是哪个呢。”
The deputy director shook his head, maybe Wang Ye was relatively young, he didn't criticize Wang Ye, but revealed some news to him: "There are many people who come to find this medicine hoe, and you are not the first." I also know this legend, but I was not the deputy director of the garden at that time, and I didn't know much about the situation, and I only vaguely knew that the medicine hoe seemed to have been thrown into a well. But there are so many wells in the medicine garden, who knows which one. ”
“谢谢副园长，能知道在水井里就好，我会在休息时间去找，不会耽误工作的。”王叶大概知道那个水井的方位，但他不能一下子就找到啊，必须要有个合理过程嘛。
"Thank you, deputy principal, it's good to know that it's in the well, I'll look for it during the break, and I won't delay my work." Wang Ye probably knew the location of the well, but he couldn't find it all at once, there had to be a reasonable process.
副园长也不反对学生有个好用的魔器，那药锄给自己学校的学生捞走，总比被校外的人得去要好，他就又指点了一条路：“我记得接手那个学生实验田的人就是老莫，那田地因为有些问题，之后也没有学生能接手，都是老莫在管理，如果你想知道更多，可以去请教老莫，他是药园的老人了。”
The deputy director did not object to the students having a good magic weapon, and it was better to take the medicine hoe away from the students of his own school than to be taken away by people outside the school, so he pointed out a way: "I remember that the person who took over the student's experimental field was Lao Mo, because of some problems in the field, and no students could take over after that, Lao Mo was in charge, if you want to know more, you can ask Lao Mo, he is the old man of the medicine garden." ”
“太感谢您了！副园长，这是我自己上魔食课烹制出来的点心，请您帮忙品尝。”王叶拿出一个盒子，恭恭敬敬地双手送到副园长面前。
"Thank you so much! Deputy Director, this is a snack I cooked in my own Magic Food class, please help me taste it. Wang Ye took out a box and respectfully handed it to the deputy principal.
副园长听说是学生自己的作品，就没拒绝，含笑收下：“好好干活，好好学习，不可懈怠，我会盯着你。”
When the deputy principal heard that it was the student's own work, he didn't refuse, and accepted it with a smile: "Work hard, study hard, don't slack off, I will keep an eye on you." ”
“是！”王叶特别精神地站直身体。 "Yes!" Wang Ye stood up straight with special spirit.
副园长哈哈笑，心情愉快地拎着零食盒离开。 The deputy director laughed and left happily with the snack box.
王叶就去查看那间培植棚。 Wang Ye went to check the cultivation shed.
说是棚子，其实就是一个完整的工作室，里面培植用的器具、材料、工作台等一应俱全。
It is said to be a shed, but in fact it is a complete studio, which is equipped with cultivation equipment, materials, workbenches, etc.
王叶对这里很满意，尤其对堆放在角落用来制作培植液的大量材料满意。那么多材料给他练手，他一定能做出足够静心茶以及他虫巢种植区使用的培植液。
Wang Ye was very satisfied with this place, especially with the large amount of materials stacked in the corner to make the cultivation liquid. With so many materials for him to practice, he will definitely be able to make enough meditation tea and cultivation liquid for his hive planting area.
至于去找老莫的事，不急。 As for going to find Lao Mo, there is no hurry.
如果他推测不错，等会儿那些玩家就会集体来找他，到时他把他打听到的消息分享给他们，让他们去找线索就好。
If his guess is correct, the players will come to him en masse later, and then he will share what he has heard with them and let them look for clues.
他嘛，自然要好好和这里大量的药植们相亲相爱了~ He, naturally, has to love a large number of medicinal plants here~
第135章 意外之喜 Chapter 135: Unexpected Joy
王叶先去把静心茶巡视了一遍，大概了解了它们的生长情况，又取了一片叶子和土壤打算带回棚子，这是为了分析静心茶最适合什么样的培植液。
Wang Ye first went to inspect the meditation teas, roughly understood their growth, and then took a leaf and soil to bring back to the shed, this is to analyze what kind of cultivation liquid is most suitable for meditation tea.
看到周围的山田，王叶心痒难熬，忍不住就去踩了踩点。
Seeing the surrounding Yamada, Wang Ye's heart was itching, and he couldn't help but step on it.
附近田地几乎没什么人，只有药植长得十分旺盛。 There are hardly any people in the nearby fields, only the medicinal plants are growing very vigorously.
“对结莲！”这不正是他需要的药植之一吗？ "Yes Yuren!" Wasn't that one of the herbs he needed?
王叶激动，他决定了，等会儿就来帮助这些药植间间苗，看一棵棵长得这么密集，对生长发育多不好啊。
Wang Ye was excited, he decided, he would come to help these medicinal plants and seedlings later, and see how dense they grew one by one, how bad it was for growth and development.
王叶在附近几片田地走了一圈又一圈，到底忍住了，现在还不是下手的最好时机，最好就是他快要离开副本的时候。
Wang Ye walked around and around a few nearby fields, and in the end he held back, now is not the best time to start, the best is when he is about to leave the dungeon.
回到棚屋，王叶就把全部心神放到了培植液的研究上。 Back at the shack, Wang Ye put all his attention on the study of the cultivation liquid.
王叶对种田和培植兴趣不大，但想要掌握药草辨认术，这些都是必须掌握的基础。
Wang Ye is not interested in farming and cultivation, but if he wants to master the art of herb identification, these are the foundations that must be mastered.
只有基础打牢了，最后才能形成直觉。 Only when the foundation is firmly laid, can intuition be formed in the end.
王叶对鉴定术和药草辨认术这类术法的理解就是电脑中的软件，而他的知识积累就是数据库。
Wang Ye's understanding of techniques such as identification and herb identification is the software in the computer, and his knowledge accumulation is the database.
有些软件想要好用，必须先建立数据库。数据库越丰富，软件的功能表现就越出色。
For some software to be useful, you have to build a database first. The richer the database, the better the software's functionality.
术法的好处就是加快了人类大脑的处理速度，把不确定变成确定，并确保所有特意记下的短期和长期知识记忆都会变成永久记忆。
The benefit of magic is that it speeds up the human brain's processing, turns uncertainty into certainty, and ensures that all deliberately written down short-term and long-term knowledge memories become permanent ones.
他上辈子就是过于依赖鉴定术的记忆储存功能——主要是偷懒，自己没怎么记。结果重生后鉴定术被刷新，他储存在鉴定术（百科全书）内的知识也跟着消失。
In his previous life, he relied too much on the memory storage function of identification - mainly because he was lazy and didn't remember much. As a result, after being reborn, the Identification Technique was refreshed, and the knowledge stored in the Identification Technique (Encyclopedia) disappeared with it.
但像是医药学知识，因为师父对他十分严厉，他不敢不牢记，最后都成了本能，重生后这些知识也依旧在他脑子里面。
But like the knowledge of medicine, because the master was very strict with him, he didn't dare not keep it in mind, and in the end it all became instinct, and after being reborn, this knowledge was still in his head.
这让他怀疑鉴定术之类的知识存储很可能都放在了游戏系统中。
This led him to suspect that the store of knowledge such as forensics was probably placed in the game system.
所以这辈子他会做两手准备，不但要在术法中存储他的知识记忆，他在自己的精神核中也建立了一个知识储备区。
Therefore, in this life, he will make preparations with both hands, not only to store his knowledge and memory in the spell, but also to establish a knowledge reserve area in his spiritual core.
后者需要庞大精深的精神力，正好他的精神力足够支撑他做到这点。
The latter requires a huge and profound spiritual power, and it just so happens that his mental power is enough to support him to do this.
当王叶发现他这样做，竟然还能训练自己的精神力，让精神核更加凝实、让精神海更加广袤，他就更积极了。
When Wang Ye found out that he was doing this, he could even train his spiritual power, making the spiritual core more condensed and the spiritual sea more vast, he became more active.
分析结果表明静心茶需要的培植液并不稀奇，一般初级培植学徒都能配制。
The results of the analysis showed that the cultivation liquid required for Jingxin tea was not unusual, and it could be prepared by general junior cultivation apprentices.
这也很正常，如果不是如此，药园也不会让他接手这个工作。
This is also normal, if it weren't for that, Yaoyuan wouldn't have let him take over the job.
但普通的培植液只能维持静心茶生长，却无法让它们在三天内平均每株都多长出两片叶子。
However, ordinary cultivation liquids can only maintain the growth of Jingxin tea, but it cannot make them grow an average of two more leaves per plant in three days.
这就相当于普通任务提升成了中级任务，奖励自然也不一样。
This is equivalent to upgrading a normal task to an intermediate task, and the rewards are naturally different.
长叶子其实也不难，难就难在你不能拔苗助长，不能消耗静心茶的生长潜力，所以想要让精心茶加快成长速度，就必须让它从土壤中吸取更多养料。
It's actually not difficult to grow leaves, but the difficulty is that you can't pull out the seedlings to help them grow, and you can't consume the growth potential of Jingxin tea, so if you want to make the elaborate tea grow faster, you must let it absorb more nutrients from the soil.
普通培植液做不到这点，只有研究新的培植液，还要提高培植液的品质。
Ordinary cultivation solutions cannot do this, and the only way to do this is to study new cultivation solutions and improve the quality of cultivation solutions.
王叶先根据静心茶的特性，确定了它需要什么样的养料。再根据土壤性质和含有的成分，对养料配比做重新调整。
Wang Ye first determined what kind of nutrients it needed according to the characteristics of Jingxin tea. Then according to the nature of the soil and the composition of the content, the nutrient ratio is readjusted.
这就出现了一张新的培植液配方。 This leads to a new recipe for the cultivation liquid.
而想要完成这张配方，还得找到相应材料。 And in order to complete this recipe, you have to find the corresponding materials.
王叶凭借他丰富的药草知识基础，近乎直觉地选择了一些材料进行精华液提纯。
With his rich knowledge base of medicinal herbs, Wang Ye almost intuitively selected some materials for essence purification.
所谓提纯的过程其实很浪费，就是只把自己想要的成分保留，把其他成分都当做杂质排除。
The so-called purification process is actually very wasteful, that is, only the ingredients you want are retained, and the other components are excluded as impurities.
王叶现在因为等级的缘故，还无法利用魔力做更复杂的操作，比如把一株药草含有的成分全都各别分离出来。
Wang Ye is now unable to use magic power to do more complex operations due to his level, such as separating all the ingredients contained in a herb.
他暂时只能利用魔法阵把他需要的成分提取出，也就是他一次只能提取一种成分。
For the time being, he could only use the magic array to extract the ingredients he needed, that is, he could only extract one ingredient at a time.
其实地球的某些仪器也能做到同样的事情，但王叶暂时买不起那些精密仪器，而且他既然学了魔法，自然要用魔法来解决问题，否则他学魔法还有什么意义？
In fact, some instruments on the earth can also do the same thing, but Wang Ye can't afford those precision instruments for the time being, and since he has learned magic, he naturally has to use magic to solve problems, otherwise what's the point of him learning magic?
一瓶培植液做好，只看培植液的清澈程度，就知道这瓶培植液的纯净度有多高。
When a bottle of cultivation liquid is done, just look at the clarity of the cultivation liquid, and you will know how high the purity of this bottle of cultivation solution is.
何谓纯净度？ What is purity?
就是你只想这瓶药液中出现物质ABC，而不想出现其他物质，那么这瓶药液中其他物质越少，纯净度就越高。
That is, if you only want the substance ABC to appear in this bottle of liquid, and you don't want other substances to appear, then the less other substances in this bottle, the higher the purity.
培植液和药液一样，不但要看纯净度，还要看配比的完美程度。
The cultivation liquid is the same as the medicinal liquid, not only to see the purity, but also to see the perfection of the ratio.
虽然药方上都写着物质ABC的比例就是5:3:2，但并不是所有人都能完美做到恰到好处的比例，哪怕只是相差千分之一，在药效上也会有细微区别。
Although the prescription says that the ratio of substance ABC is 5:3:2, not everyone can achieve the right ratio perfectly, even if it is only a difference of one thousandth, there will be subtle differences in efficacy.
除此之外，想要判断一瓶药剂或培植液到底好不好，还要看药剂中蕴含的能量。
In addition, if you want to judge whether a bottle of potion or cultivation liquid is good or not, you also need to look at the energy contained in the potion.
能量包含精神力，这也是地球仪器做不到的一点。 Energy contains mental power, which is something that the Earth Instrument can't do.
仪器也许可以让配比精确到亿万分之一的差别，但没有特殊能量的药剂只能叫普通药剂，而不能叫魔法药剂。
The instrument may be able to make the ratio accurate to a difference of one in a billion, but a potion without special energy can only be called an ordinary potion, not a magic potion.
魔力和精神力之类的能量看不见摸不着，如何让它们包括药材本身的能量一起保留下来，并完美融合成一体，这就十分考验魔药师之类术师的能耐了。
Energies such as magic and spiritual power cannot be seen or touched, and how to keep them, including the energy of the herbs themselves, and fuse them perfectly into one, is a great test of the ability of magicians such as potions masters.
王叶的手很稳，输出的精神力和因果之力也非常稳定。 Wang Ye's hands are very stable, and the output of spiritual power and causal power are also very stable.
精神力用来控制，因果之力用来调和。 Mental power is used to control, and the power of cause and effect is used to reconcile.
又一瓶培植液做好。 Another bottle of cultivation liquid is ready.
这两瓶培植液成分略有不同，王叶想看看哪种对静心茶效果最好。
The composition of these two bottles of cultivation liquid is slightly different, and Wang Ye wants to see which one has the best effect on Jingxin tea.
“雷叶，你在里面吗？”外面传来熟悉的女声。 "Lei Ye, are you in there?" A familiar female voice came from outside.
王叶收起两瓶培植液，走出门外。 Wang Ye put away the two bottles of cultivation liquid and walked out of the door.
“你果然在这里，太好了！”门外就是碎月、梵音等四名玩家。
"It's great that you're here!" Outside the door are four players, including Shattered Moon and Sanskrit.
虽然系统没有提供精确的副本地图，但因为他们组成了一个临时小队的缘故，通过系统的组队功能，可以看到队友们的大致位置，再通过寻找功能，就能找到队友所在。
Although the system does not provide an accurate map of the dungeon, because they form a temporary squad, through the system's team function, you can see the approximate location of your teammates, and then through the search function, you can find the location of your teammates.
“雷叶，你竟然是这座魔法学校的学生！你是怎么做到的？太牛了！”
"Lei Ye, you are actually a student of this magic school! How did you do that? That's awesome! ”
“是啊，大家都辛辛苦苦想要学技能，结果你小子竟然先人无数步，进入了魔法学校，羡慕啊妒忌啊，大神啊，求大腿给抱~！”
"Yes, everyone worked hard to learn skills, but as a result, your kid actually took countless steps ahead of others and entered the magic school, envy, jealousy, god, begging for thighs to hug~!"
“小兄弟有没有什么窍门啊，教教我们，报酬好说。” "Little brother, do you have any tricks, teach us, and the reward is good."
梵音是唯一一个没有开口的，路上碎月三人都跟他发表了一番感慨，对于如何进入魔法学校十分好奇。梵音虽然知道方法，但他想着这事不应该他来说，就算要卖人情，也应该是雷叶本人来卖。
Sanskrit was the only one who didn't speak, and the three of them all expressed their feelings to him on the way, and they were very curious about how to enter the magic school. Although Fanyin knew the method, he thought that he shouldn't talk about it, even if he wanted to sell favors, it should be Lei Ye himself to sell it.
“报酬？好啊，一人十个银币。”王叶伸出小黑手。 "Remuneration? Okay, ten silver coins per person. Wang Ye stretched out his little black hand.
几个玩家一起哈哈笑，十个银币不算多，如果能就此把人情结清还是他们占了大便宜。
Several players laughed together, ten silver coins is not much, if they can settle the relationship, they still take a big advantage.
老王第一个数出十个银币，特别豪迈地说：“这是我的全部财产，都给你了！”
Lao Wang was the first to count out ten silver coins, and said very heroically: "This is all my property, and I will give it to you!" ”
其他人也纷纷凑趣地拿出十个银币交给王叶，就连梵音也一样。
The others also playfully took out ten silver coins and handed them to Wang Ye, even Sanskrit Yin.
王叶也真都收了，然后把告诉梵音的内容又跟几人说了一遍。
Wang Ye really accepted it, and then told a few people what he told Sanskrit.
几人真诚道谢。 Several people sincerely thanked them.
碎月忽然问：“小叶子，你是不是特意选择了这个副本？”
Broken Moon suddenly asked, "Little Yezi, did you deliberately choose this copy?" ”
王叶承认。 Wang Ye admitted.
碎月羡慕：“你身边就有副本入口真好，我那个新手村偏僻的不得了，有个小贵族还特别讨厌。”
Shattered Moon envied: "It's good to have a dungeon entrance next to you, my novice village is very remote, and there is a little nobleman who is particularly annoying." ”
“那你是怎么进入这个副本的？随机？”老王好奇。 "And how did you get into this dungeon? Random? "Lao Wang was curious.
碎月点头：“是啊，我也不知道要选什么副本，第一次进的副本是因为我认识的朋友触发了副本任务，我就跟她组队一起进了，那个不花经验值。但这次我是花了一百点选择的随机。我现在就巴不得能通过副本早点离开那个村落，可惜进出副本都是直接传送，没办法从副本出去到副本所在地点。”
Broken Moon nodded: "Yes, I don't know what dungeon to choose, the first time I entered the dungeon was because a friend I knew triggered the dungeon task, so I teamed up with her to enter, and that didn't cost experience points." But this time I spent a hundred points on random. I'd love to be able to leave that village as soon as possible through the dungeon, but unfortunately the entry and exit of the dungeon are directly teleported, and there is no way to get out of the dungeon to the location of the dungeon. ”
“这个游戏世界的副本应该属于单独的小秘境，恐怕无法用正常方法进出。”梵音估摸。
"This copy of the game world should belong to a separate small secret realm, and I'm afraid it can't be accessed by normal methods." Sanskrit sound estimation.
老王：“我和小李也是随机，我们在论坛上看到有人发帖说副本里面能赚到更多经验值，还能学到技能，但我们一直无法触发副本任务，就也花了一百点。”
Lao Wang: "Xiao Li and I are also random, we saw someone post on the forum that we can earn more experience points in the dungeon and learn skills, but we have not been able to trigger the dungeon task, so it cost us a hundred points." ”
梵音同样是选择了随机，他表示他第一个副本就是随机进入。
Sanskrit also chose random, and he said that his first copy was entered randomly.
王叶对此半点不惊奇，副本任务并不是那么好触发，而且触发后想要立刻凑齐需要的人手也不容易。通常有人触发某个副本，或者选择了某个副本，在人数不够的情况下，系统就会随机匹配同一时间想要刷副本又选择随机的人进入该副本。
Wang Ye was not surprised at all, the quest was not so easy to trigger, and it was not easy to get together the required manpower immediately after triggering. Usually someone triggers a quest, or chooses a quest, and if there are not enough people, the system will randomly match a random person who wants to farm a quest at the same time and chooses a random person to enter the quest.
几人又闲聊几句。 A few more people chatted a few more words.
碎月还笑着说，她喜欢看全息小说，没想到自己有生之年也能进入全息游戏，现在她进入游戏偶尔还会怀疑自己穿越到了某个真实世界，然后又半开玩笑地说：“也许这就是某个真实世界呢，也许我们学到的技能还能拿到现实去用。”
Broken Moon also smiled and said that she likes to read holographic novels, but she didn't expect to be able to enter holographic games in her lifetime, and now she occasionally suspects that she has traveled to a real world when she enters the game, and then half-jokingly says: "Maybe this is a real world, maybe the skills we have learned can be used in reality." ”
小李冷不丁道：“这个世界设定太详细了，完全不像是程序。我有个朋友，正在游戏世界里制作显微镜，想要观察这个游戏的微观世界。如果这真的只是一个全息游戏，它不可能连微观世界都设定得非常到位，那得多么庞大的计算量？再加上我们这么多玩家在这个游戏中活动，那得要什么样的计算机才能承担这些算法？”
Xiao Li said coldly: "The setting of this world is too detailed, and it doesn't look like a program at all." I have a friend who is making a microscope in the game world and wants to look at the microcosm of the game. If this is really just a holographic game, it can't even be set up in the microcosm, then what a huge amount of computation? Add to that the fact that so many of us players are active in this game, so what kind of computer does it take to take on these algorithms? ”
“是啊，细思极恐。”碎月眼睛里有异彩。她这个年龄的女孩正是最喜欢做梦的时候，如果这个世界……
"yes, it's scary to think about." There was a sparkle in Shattered Moon's eyes. A girl of her age is exactly the time when she likes to dream the most, if the world ......
眼看大家把话题越扯越远，梵音发挥了他作为队长的作用，拉回话题，对王叶道：“雷叶，你作为这里的学生，能不能和这里的工作人员搭上话？问问他们药锄的事？”
Seeing that everyone was pulling the topic farther and farther, Fanyin played his role as the captain, pulled back the topic, and said to Wang Ye: "Lei Ye, as a student here, can you talk to the staff here?" Ask them about the medicine hoe? ”
王叶点头：“我已经问了。” Wang Ye nodded: "I have already asked." ”
众人迅速回神。 The crowd quickly came back to their senses.
“哇，小叶子棒棒哒！”碎月鼓掌。 "Wow, little leaf is great!" Shattered Moon applauded.
王叶就把他从副园长那里打探到的消息无偿分享给了四名队友。
Wang Ye shared the news he had found out from the deputy principal to the four teammates for free.
四玩家没想到王叶这么快就找到了这么多线索，还不用他们出半点力，更没有遇到什么危险，都很兴奋。
The four players didn't expect Wang Ye to find so many clues so quickly, and they didn't need to exert any effort, let alone encounter any danger, they were all very excited.
“我是本校学生，有好处也有坏处。那位副园长盯我盯得很紧，让我务必要在两天内做出一百瓶培植液，他还会随时来检查。所以这两天我可能不能跟大家一起行动了。”王叶抱歉地道。
"I'm a student at this school, so there are pros and cons. The deputy director kept an eye on me, telling me to make sure I made a hundred bottles of cultivation liquid in two days, and he would come and check it at any time. So I may not be able to act with you for the next two days. Wang Ye said apologetically.
梵音立刻摆手：“没事没事，你都已经打探出这么多消息了，接下来就交给我们。”
Fanyin immediately waved his hand: "It's okay, it's okay, you've already found out so much news, and then I'll leave it to us." ”
碎月也道：“让小叶子留在这里也好，我们大家可以把小叶子这里当做集合点。另外小叶子也可以作为和当地沟通的情报员，我们出去找药锄，如果遇到什么问题，可以来问小叶子，让小叶子帮忙和副园长或和其他人打探。”
Broken Moon also said: "It's okay to let Xiao Ye stay here, we can all use Xiao Ye here as a meeting point." In addition, Xiao Yezi can also be used as an intelligence officer to communicate with the local area, we go out to find a medicine hoe, if you encounter any problems, you can come to ask Xiao Yezi, let Xiao Yezi help with the deputy director or with others to investigate. ”
老王和小李也觉得这样的任务分配更合理。 Lao Wang and Xiao Li also felt that this task allocation was more reasonable.
眼看四人就要离开，王叶叫住他们，还是提醒道：“做任务虽然很重要，但如果有机会也不要放弃学习技能和知识的机会。这个药园属于魔法学校，在里面工作的人不是学校的中高年级学生，就是学校的助教甚至是教授，就算是普通员工，也只是没有教职，但他们身怀的知识和能力却不一定比教授差。”
“啊！”碎月、老王和小李三人一脸恍然大悟，他们不是不知道这个道理，只是进入副本后，他们怕给队伍拖后腿，就想着先完成任务再说，其他反而放到了后面。
梵音也道：“如果大家在现实中没什么事的话，不妨在这里多消耗一点时间，这个主任务没有时间限制，我们可以慢慢做，好好利用这里的环境。我试过，在副本中也可以下线，下线后，副本中的NPC会默认你在休息，不会有人来打搅你。”
Fanyin also said: "If you don't have anything to do in reality, you might as well spend a little more time here, there is no time limit for this main task, we can do it slowly and make good use of the environment here." I've tried, you can also go offline in the dungeon, and after you go offline, the NPCs in the dungeon will default that you are resting, and no one will disturb you. ”
“如果能这样那就太好了。我们一边做任务一边找机缘吧。”
"It would be great if it could be like that. Let's look for opportunities while we do the task. ”
“也不能太慢。”王叶提醒：“我们要注意所有NPC的话语，里面说不定就含有什么重要信息，前面那位副园长曾经提到，现在是学校比赛期，学生放假，我们才能获得进入药园工作的机会。换言之，一旦学校假期结束，我们的工作时间九成也会被迫结束。”
"It can't be too slow." Wang Ye reminded: "We have to pay attention to the words of all NPCs, there may be some important information contained in them, the deputy principal mentioned earlier that it is the school competition period, and the students are on vacation, so we can get the opportunity to work in the medicine garden." In other words, once the school holidays are over, 90% of our working hours will be forced to end. ”
王叶说完这段话，脑中忽然闪过什么。 After Wang Ye finished saying this, something suddenly flashed in his mind.
小李拱手：“佩服佩服，还是小叶子细心。那你知道这个假期大约多少天吗？”
Xiao Li arched his hand: "Admire and admire, or Xiao Yezi is careful." Do you know how many days this holiday is about? ”
“正常二十天。”王叶回答。 "Twenty days normally." Wang Ye replied.
“那我们就按照二十天……不，还是按照十八天的时间来做这个任务，这样更保险。就是不知道主线任务完成后，我们是不是立刻就会被抛离副本？”小李苦恼。
"Then we will follow the twenty-day ...... No, it's safer to do this task in an eighteen-day period. I just don't know if we will be thrown out of the dungeon immediately after the main quest is completed? Xiao Li was distressed.
梵音摇头：“根据任务提示，完成主线任务才能离开，但并没有说会立刻被传送。按照我第一次的副本经验，做完主线任务，只要你自己不离开，或者没到时间限制，还是可以留一段时间的。”
Fanyin shook her head: "According to the mission prompt, you can only leave after completing the main quest, but it didn't say that you would be teleported immediately." According to my first dungeon experience, after completing the main quest, as long as you don't leave by yourself, or if you don't reach the time limit, you can still stay for a while. ”
碎月也点头，“是这样没错。” Shattered Moon nodded, "That's right. ”
小李高兴道：“这样好。这样我们就可以先把主线任务完成，然后就可以专心找机缘了。”
Xiao Li said happily: "That's good." This way we can complete the main quest first, and then we can concentrate on finding opportunities. ”
“十八天刷一个副本，要是放在普通游戏里面怎么可能？”老王失笑。
"Brush a copy in eighteen days, how can it be placed in an ordinary game?" Lao Wang laughed.
五人商议定，还是先以做任务为主，在做任务途中可以找机缘，但也不能耽误做任务，等任务完成后，就脱缰自由行动。
The five of them agreed that they should focus on doing tasks first, and they could find opportunities on the way to do tasks, but they could not delay doing tasks, and when the tasks were completed, they would move freely.
王叶目送四人离开，开始回忆副园长之前跟碎月三人的那段交代。
Wang Yemu sent the four of them away, and began to recall the explanation that the deputy director had with the three of them before.
‘因为某些特殊原因，这段时间我们药园的野草生长得非常旺盛……’
'For some special reasons, the weeds in our medicine garden are growing very vigorously during this time......
嗐！他还让别人注意NPC说的话，结果自己也差点遗漏了关键信息。
Alas! He also drew attention to what the NPC said, and almost missed key information himself.
特殊原因是什么特殊原因？ What is a special reason?
什么原因会导致药园的野草生长得格外旺盛？ What causes the weeds in the medicine garden to grow so vigorously?
这是不是隐藏任务？ Is this a hidden mission?
王叶渴望多获得一些经验值，好尽快进入三十级，自然不想放过这个有可能的隐藏任务。
Wang Ye was eager to gain some more experience points so that he could enter level 30 as soon as possible, so he naturally didn't want to let go of this possible hidden mission.
而想要触发这个隐藏任务，恐怕还是得去找副园长。 And if you want to trigger this hidden mission, I'm afraid you still have to go to the deputy principal.
但在这之前，他得先拿出一些成果来，让副园长看到他的价值。
But before that, he had to come up with some results so that the deputy director could see his value.
上辈子，他理所当然认为游戏副本也只是一堆数据，但现在他可不会这么认为了。
In his previous life, he took it for granted that game copies were just a bunch of data, but now he doesn't think so.
他怀疑一个副本就是一个单独的小秘境，每次有玩家触发一个副本，就有一个副本秘境诞生。一旦玩家完成任务离开，这个触发后的副本就会变成封锁状态，或者直接被双月星回收再利用。
He suspected that a dungeon was a separate small secret realm, and every time a player triggered a dungeon, a dungeon secret realm was born. Once the player completes the quest and leaves, the triggered quest becomes blocked, or it can be recycled by the Double Moon Star.
同样的副本可以有好多个，而副本世界的形成自然全靠能量，里面的物品也全都是能量具现物，所以从副本中得到的东西都能拿到现实中使用。
There can be many copies of the same copy, and the formation of the copy world naturally depends on energy, and the items in it are all energy manifests, so everything obtained from the copy can be used in reality.
以此类推，副本世界里的NPC也不可能是普通的机械式NPC，他们极有可能都是能量具现物，只看他们的身体和玩家的身体就没有什么不同，应该都是系统用能量塑造，与真实身体没有二样。
By analogy, the NPCs in the dungeon world cannot be ordinary mechanical NPCs, they are most likely energy manifests, just looking at their bodies and the player's body, they should be all shaped by the system with energy, no different from the real body.
至于他们的中枢则应该是被系统赋予了正本世界中人物的记忆、感情和知识等，同时具有自我学习能力，就像是地球科幻电影中的超级AI。
As for their center, it should be endowed with the memory, feelings, and knowledge of the characters in the original world by the system, and at the same time have the ability to learn by themselves, just like the super AI in the earth's science fiction movie.
如此，副本世界中的任何一名NPC都不能小看，谁知道他们会不会一步步进化，直接进化出完整的灵魂？
In this way, no NPC in the dungeon world can be underestimated, who knows if they will evolve step by step and directly evolve a complete soul?
就算他们现在还没有完整灵魂，他们也是与超智能AI等同的存在，想糊弄他们那是做梦！
Even if they don't have a complete soul yet, they are the same existence as super-intelligent AI, and it would be a dream to fool them!
王叶浑身充满干劲，跑出去先实验两瓶培植液哪瓶对静心茶效果更好，确定后，他又跑回工作室，开始大量炼制培植液。
Wang Ye was full of energy, and ran out to experiment with which of the two bottles of cultivation liquid was better for meditation tea, and after making sure, he ran back to the studio and began to refine a large amount of cultivation liquid.
他制作的只是一级培植液，比魔药简单多了。 What he made was only a first-level cultivation liquid, which was much simpler than a potion.
为了节省时间，他一次性就做出一大桶。 To save time, he makes a large bucket in one go.
别人一次做这么多，会很难保证培植液的纯净度和精确配比度，但王叶不同，他全程用庞大的精神力进行控制，制作一大桶和制作一支对他没有多大区别。
It would be difficult for others to ensure the purity and precise proportioning of the cultivation liquid when they did so much at once, but Wang Ye was different, he used a huge amount of spiritual power to control the whole process, and making a large vat was not much different from making one.
做好五桶培植液，他就跑到山顶上，用小勺子给静心茶苗浇灌培植液。
After making five buckets of cultivation liquid, he ran to the top of the mountain and used a small spoon to water the cultivation liquid for the Jingxin tea seedlings.
王叶刚做了一会儿，就觉得这个重复性的体力劳动实在不适合他，简直就是浪费他的宝贵时间。
As soon as Wang Ye did it for a while, he felt that this repetitive manual labor was really not suitable for him, and it was simply a waste of his precious time.
王叶看看左右无人，把小光和浮游光虫群放了出来，如果有人问，这就是他的契约魔蜂~
Wang Ye looked at no one on the left and right, and released the small light and the floating light insect swarm, if anyone asked, this is his contract demon bee~
“来来来，干活了，干完活带你们去吃饭，这里有不少好吃的，可以把你们养肥一大圈。”王叶把五桶培植液和勺子全部交给小光，让浮游光虫群负责浇灌任务。
"Come on, come on, work, take you to eat after work, there are a lot of delicious foods here, which can fatten you up." Wang Ye handed over all the five buckets of cultivation liquid and spoons to Xiaoguang, and let the planktonic insect swarm be responsible for the watering task.
小光咿咿叫，叫声中充满对王叶的鄙视。 Xiaoguang babbled, and his cry was full of contempt for Wang Ye.
王叶假装没听到。 Wang Ye pretended not to hear.
就会役使我们干粗活！小光围着王叶飞了一圈，对着他脑门那个红包踢了一脚。不过它的小脚脚实在太小，它也没用力气，踢上去根本啥感觉都没有。
It will make us do rough work! Xiaoguang flew around Wang Ye and kicked the red envelope in his head. However, its little feet are so small that it doesn't have any strength, and it doesn't feel anything when it kicks it.
王叶：“喂喂，不要太过分。别忘了你可是我的契约虫。你们看，金宝那个小坑货都知道养家了。你们难道要输给金宝变成家里的废物点心吗？”
Wang Ye: "Hey, don't go too far." Don't forget you're my contract worm. You see, Jinbao's little pit knows how to support his family. Are you going to lose to Campbell and become a waste snack at home? ”
“咿！”你才是废物点心！小光发泄了它的愤怒后，就带上浮游光虫群去干活了。
"Bah!" You're the shit! After Xiaoguang vented his anger, he took the swarm of floating light insects to work.
可怜小光和浮游光虫群已经被王叶“摧残”出原本不该具有的功能，它们不但改了食谱，还成为了种田小能手。
Poor Xiaoguang and the planktonic light insect swarm have been "destroyed" by Wang Ye to have a function that they should not have, they have not only changed their recipes, but also become little experts in farming.
它们身体虽然小，但它们就跟蚂蚁一样可以举起和拎起比它们体重重很多倍的物体，更何况它们还能使用魔力。
Although they are small, they can lift and carry objects many times their weight like ants, not to mention the ability to use magical powers.
一群浮游光虫联合在一起，提起小勺子，舀起培植液，浇到茶苗根部。
A group of planktonic light insects unite together, lift a small spoon, scoop up the cultivation liquid, and pour it to the roots of the tea seedlings.
小光负责坐镇指挥，它还尝了尝培植液，觉得味道不错，咕嘟咕嘟喝了不少。
Xiaoguang was in charge of commanding, and he also tasted the cultivation liquid, and thought it tasted good, so he drank a lot.
等浮游光虫交替干活的时候，小光就让干过活的浮游光虫去喝培植液。
When the planktonic light insects alternate to work, Xiaoguang asked the plankton light insects that had done the work to drink the cultivation liquid.
浮游光虫群一个个都喝得好高兴，这个培植液很好喝不说，还能量充足，特别合它们的口味，老大赛高！
The planktonic light insect swarm is so happy to drink one by one, this cultivation liquid is very delicious, not to mention, it also has enough energy, especially to their taste, the old big high!
小光：“咿咿咿。”快喝，不要让那个混蛋小叶子发现了。
Xiaoguang: "Babble." "Drink it, don't let that bastard find out.
浮游光虫群顿时喝得更高兴，要说被剥削的农奴最高兴什么事，那就是薅主人的大把羊毛，主人还不知道。
The swarm of floating light insects suddenly drank even more happily, and if there was anything that the exploited serfs were most happy about, it was to pick up a large handful of wool from the master, who did not know it yet.
本来五大桶培植液怎么也够浇灌这么一座小山包了，但浮游光虫群拿培植液当水喝，最后连同小光在内，一共消耗了两大桶。
Originally, five large vats of cultivation liquid were enough to water such a small mountain, but the planktonic light insect swarm used the cultivation liquid as water to drink, and in the end, together with Xiaoguang, a total of two large barrels were consumed.
王叶对此全然不知，他还在忙着制作更多培植液，不过这次就不是给静心茶用的了，而是给虫巢种植区准备的。
Wang Ye didn't know anything about this, he was still busy making more cultivation liquid, but this time it was not for meditation tea, but for the insect nest planting area.
直到把墙角堆放的材料消耗掉五分之四，王叶才将将停下。
It wasn't until four-fifths of the materials piled up in the corner of the wall were consumed that Wang Ye would stop.
“这些培植液也是给静心茶使用的吗？”一道声音突然在附近响起。
"Are these cultivation liquids also used for meditation tea?" A voice suddenly rang out nearby.
王叶心中一凝，迅速转头，就看到工作室的窗户被人从外面拉开，一个背部微驼的老头站在窗口外。
Wang Ye's heart froze, and he quickly turned his head, and saw that the window of the studio was being pulled open from the outside, and an old man with a slightly hunched back was standing outside the window.
见王叶没有回答他的问题，老头也没继续追问，而是又问道：“外面那群魔虫是你养的吗？”
Seeing that Wang Ye didn't answer his question, the old man didn't continue to ask, but asked again: "Did you raise that group of demon insects outside?" ”
魔虫？王叶干咳一声：“是，那是我养的契约魔蜂。” Demon bugs? Wang Ye coughed dryly: "Yes, that's the contract demon bee I raised." ”
“魔蜂？呵。”老头皮笑肉不笑，“你真以为你养的是魔蜂？”
"Demon bees? Scold. The old man didn't smile, "Do you really think you're raising a demon bee?" ”
王叶反问：“它们不是魔蜂是什么？” Wang Ye asked rhetorically: "What are they not demon bees?" ”
“如果我没看错，那些虫子应该是一种远古魔虫，虽然它们的模样有些改变，但本质并没有变。它们是不是什么都能吃，吃完以后能产出虫蜜？”
"If I'm not mistaken, those bugs are supposed to be an ancient demon worm, and although their appearance has changed somewhat, their essence has not changed. Do they eat anything and produce nectar after eating? ”
王叶迅速摇头：“它们并不是什么都能吃，不过它们能产虫蜜是真的。”
Wang Ye quickly shook his head: "They can't eat everything, but it's true that they can produce insect honey." ”
“你要么被那群魔虫的头领骗了，要么就是你在骗我。”老头轻哼：“不过不管是哪种，都不关我的事。老头只是看在你是我校学生的份上，不得不提醒你一声，小心养虎成患。”
"You've either been deceived by the leader of the demons, or you're lying to me." The old man snorted lightly, "But either way, it's none of my business." The old man just saw that you are a student of our school, and I have to remind you to be careful of raising tigers. ”
老头说完自己想说的，就要离开。 After the old man finished saying what he wanted to say, he was about to leave.
王叶哪可能放过这个类似机缘的机会，连忙打开大门跑了出去。
How could Wang Ye let go of this opportunity similar to fate, and hurriedly opened the door and ran out.
“大爷！您等等。” "Uncle! You wait. ”
“你叫我什么？”老头似乎很不满意大爷这个称呼。 "What do you call me?" The old man seemed very dissatisfied with the title of uncle.
王叶迅速改口：“大哥，我对我契约的虫子真的不太了解，您能告诉我更多详细吗？”
Wang Ye quickly changed his words: "Big brother, I really don't know much about the bugs in my contract, can you tell me more details?" ”
老头：“……叫我老昆。” Old man: "...... Call me Lao Kun. ”
“老昆大哥。” "Brother Kun."
“小屁孩！”老头对浑身发黑一看就中毒已深的王叶招招手，“给我一点你的血。”
"Little brat!" The old man beckoned to Wang Ye, who was blackened and poisoned at a glance, "Give me a little of your blood." ”
王叶刚要伸手，就感到有什么刺了自己一下，一滴血飘浮而起，飘到老头面前。
As soon as Wang Ye was about to stretch out his hand, he felt something stab him, and a drop of blood floated up and floated in front of the old man.
老头用一个小碗接住那滴血，晃了晃。 The old man caught the drop of blood in a small bowl and shook it.
小光看到王叶从棚屋里出来，飞了过来，跟王叶咿咿叫，表示培植液不够用了，顺便告那老头的状。
Xiaoguang saw Wang Ye coming out of the shed, flew over, and babbled with Wang Ye, indicating that the cultivation liquid was not enough, and by the way, he told the old man.
王叶刚想说怎么可能，他特意多制作了很多，五大桶绝对够用了。
Wang Yegang wanted to say how could it be, he deliberately made a lot more, and the five major barrels were definitely enough.
老头似乎从那个小碗中看出什么，发出嗤笑：“多种蛇毒？你小子是不是掉进蛇窟了……嗯？”
The old man seemed to see something in the small bowl and sneered: "A variety of snake venom? Did you kid fall into a snake hole...... Well? ”
老头脸上的讽刺消失，神色变得凝重，他再次晃动小碗，过了一会儿才看向王叶，当看到王叶额头的红包，他慢慢说道：“千木之毒？”
The sarcasm on the old man's face disappeared, his expression became solemn, he shook the small bowl again, and only looked at Wang Ye after a while, when he saw the red envelope on Wang Ye's forehead, he said slowly: "The poison of a thousand trees? ”
王叶对老头竖起大拇指：“大哥您真牛。” Wang Ye gave the old man a thumbs up: "Big brother, you are really good." ”
老头就算没看过这个动作，也能理解小孩的意思。 Even if the old man hadn't seen this action, he could understand the child's meaning.
“你这是得罪谁了？谁这么大手笔，又这么恨你，竟然给你下这种拍卖行都不一定能拍到的奇毒？”老头满眼都是想听八卦的好奇光芒。
"Who have you offended? Who is so generous and hates you so much, that they would give you this kind of strange poison that auction houses may not be able to auction? The old man's eyes were full of curiosity that he wanted to hear gossip.
王叶满足了他，叹息道：“其实我是一个王子，继承权排在前三的那种，家里有极为庞大的家产给我继承。但谁让我母亲去世早，我那个人渣国王父亲在我母后去世没半个月，就迎娶了新的王后，那王后还带着一个比我大五岁的私生子。”
Wang Ye satisfied him and sighed: "Actually, I am a prince, the kind of inheritance that ranks among the top three, and my family has an extremely large family property for me to inherit." But who let my mother die early, my scumbag king father married a new queen less than half a month after my mother's death, and the queen also had an illegitimate son who was five years older than me. ”
“我已经避让了，我放弃跟宫廷魔法师学习，隐瞒身份来到陨星魔法学校，谁想到我那个后妈和我的那个人渣父亲就这样还不肯放过我，竟然在我参加入学考试的前一日给我下毒，就因为我资质特别好。他们害怕我回去报复，害怕我将来变得特别厉害，所以想要提前毁了我。”
"I've avoided it, I gave up studying with the court magician, concealed my identity and came to the Meteorite Magic School, who would have thought that my stepmother and my scumbag father would not let me go like this, and even poisoned me the day before I took the entrance exam, just because I had very good qualifications. They were afraid that I would go back and take revenge, that I would become very bad in the future, so they wanted to destroy me in advance. ”
“但我母亲曾是一位药师，我从小跟她学习，有一定药学基础，普通毒害不了我，也会被我察觉，所以他们对我用了千木之毒。这毒据说是我那位后妈带来的压箱底宝物之一。”
"But my mother used to be a pharmacist, I studied with her since I was a child, and I have a certain foundation in pharmacy, and ordinary poison can't harm me, and it will be detected by me, so they used the poison of a thousand trees on me. This poison is said to be one of the treasures at the bottom of the box brought by my stepmother. ”
小光一愣，忽然飞得东倒西歪，还发出了疯癫一样的咿咿咿叫声。
Xiaoguang was stunned for a moment, and suddenly flew staggered, and let out a crazy babbling sound.
王叶听出来小光在大笑，还讽刺他是说谎精。 Wang Ye could hear that Xiaoguang was laughing, and sarcastically said that he was a liar.
哼，这个蠢虫，他哪里说谎了，他明明是在编故事满足一个没人陪聊的寂寞孤独老头心。
Hmph, this stupid worm, where is he lying, he is obviously making up a story to satisfy the heart of a lonely and lonely old man who has no one to talk to.
“这毒可不好解，传说就没有解药。”老头似乎对王叶说出的身世信以为真，主要是千木之毒真的太稀奇。
"This poison is not easy to solve, and legend has it that there is no antidote." The old man seemed to believe that Wang Ye's life experience was true, mainly because the poison of a thousand trees was really too rare.
“我知道。但我相信天无绝人之路，也许有一天我就能研究出千木之毒的解药了呢。”王叶一指弹开飞过来的小光。
"I know. But I believe that there is no way to heaven and man, and maybe one day I will be able to research the antidote to the poison of a thousand trees. Wang Ye flicked away the small light that flew over with one finger.
老头摇头：“那除非你能超过那位疯药王，成为药圣。这千木之毒据说就是那位炼制出来的，至今无人能解。”
The old man shook his head: "Then unless you can surpass that mad medicine king and become a medicine saint." This poison of a thousand trees is said to have been refined by that person, and no one has been able to solve it so far. ”
“江山代有人才出，一代新人换旧人，我相信药圣距离我并不算太遥远。”王叶傲然道。
"There are talents from generation to generation, and a generation of new people replace the old, I believe that the medicine saint is not too far away from me." Wang Ye said proudly.
老头：“……你小子就吹吧，就算你原本真有那份天资，中了千木之毒你也没指望了，这毒专门摧毁资质和精神核，要不了多久，你就变成一个只会流口水的白痴。”
Old man: "...... You kid just blow it, even if you really have that talent, you don't have any hope of being poisoned by a thousand trees, this poison specializes in destroying qualifications and spiritual cores, or it won't be long before you become an idiot who can only drool. ”
王叶哼：“其实我已经琢磨出阶段性的解药，不过这解药达到三级，而我现在只能炼制二级的，要不然我才不会是现在这个样子。”
Wang Ye hummed: "Actually, I have already figured out the stage antidote, but this antidote has reached the third level, and I can only refine the second level now, otherwise I wouldn't be like this." ”
“哦？”老头只当小鬼胡吹。 "Oh?" The old man only plays nonsense as a ghost.
王叶眼珠一转，“你想知道我琢磨出来的配方吗？是我的独家配方哦。”
Wang Ye's eyes rolled, "Do you want to know the recipe I figured out?" It's my exclusive recipe. ”
老头压根不信一个才十岁不到的小毛孩能研究出什么药剂配方。还是三级的！能解千木之毒的药剂配方！
The old man didn't believe that a little hairy child who was less than ten years old could research any potion formula. It's still level three! A potion recipe that can cure the poison of a thousand trees!
就算只是阶段性的解决千木之毒，也不可能。 Even if it is only a phased solution to the poison of a thousand trees, it is impossible.
“老昆大哥，我们要不要打个赌？我把药方交给你，你按照药方炼制药剂，练好了，我服下，如果我的情况没有改善，算你赢，如果改善了就算我赢。你赢了，这群魔虫归你。我赢了，你告诉我你知道的关于这些魔虫的一切。”王叶图穷匕现。
"Brother Kun, should we make a bet? I give you the prescription, you refine the medicine according to the prescription, practice it, I take it, if my situation does not improve, you win, if it improves, I win. You win, and this group of demon worms belongs to you. I won, and you tell me everything you know about these magic worms. "Wang Yetu is poor.
小光愤怒抗议：“咿咿咿！”你这个混蛋，竟然要把我们交给一个想杀我们的坏蛋。
Xiaoguang protested angrily: "Babble! "You bastard, you're going to hand us over to a villain who wants to kill us.
王叶用精神力传语：我就随便说说，如果我死了，我只会把你们交给雷木，绝不会交给别人。
Wang Ye used his spiritual power to speak: I'll just say casually, if I die, I will only hand you over to Lei Mu, and I will never hand you over to others.
小光满意了。它也喜欢雷木，比喜欢这个混蛋主人更多！
Xiaoguang was satisfied. It also likes Raimu, more than this bastard master!
老头嘴角抽了抽：“跟你赌这个对我有什么好处？药材要我来出，出力炼制药剂的也是我，最后药剂成功了，成全的也是你。你当我是老傻子吗？”
The corners of the old man's mouth twitched: "What's in it for me to bet on you about this?" The medicinal materials asked me to come out, and I was the one who contributed to refining the medicine, and in the end, the medicine was successful, and it was you who made it perfect. Do you think I'm an old fool? ”
“怎么会没有好处呢？”王叶一脸你别看我小就哄我的表情：“我这个药方可是能阶段性的破除千木之毒，让千木之毒在我身体里缓一步发作，给我留出更多时间去研究这种毒的超级药方。就问疯药王失踪以后，谁能做到这点？”
"How can it not be good?" Wang Ye had a look on his face, don't look at me when I was a child, coaxing me: "My prescription is a super prescription that can break the poison of a thousand trees in stages, let the poison of a thousand trees slow down in my body, and leave me more time to study this poison." Just ask who can do this after the disappearance of the mad medicine king? ”
老头心动，但他还是说道：“我不是什么魔药师，我是玩虫子的。”
The old man was impressed, but he still said, "I'm not a potions master, I'm a bugger." ”
王叶伸出一根手指摇了摇：“不，大哥您身上的药香味告诉我，您绝对是一名至少药师导师级别的药师，而且还是魔药师。”
Wang Ye stretched out a finger and shook it: "No, the medicinal fragrance on your body, big brother, tells me that you are definitely a pharmacist at least at the level of a pharmacist mentor, and you are also a potions master." ”
老头嘴唇微翘，“就算这样，你也别想骗我给你炼制药剂。除非你付我药材费和出手的炼制费。”
The old man's lips curled slightly, "Even so, don't try to trick me into refining potions for you." Unless you pay me the cost of medicinal materials and the refining fee for my sale. ”
王叶痛心疾首：“老昆大哥，谈钱就伤感情了，你真的要就这么放过一张绝世天才研究出来的绝世配方吗？也许您看了这张配方后，能就此突破你原本的境界，再进一步。您真的要放弃吗？真的真的吗？”
Wang Ye was heartbroken: "Brother Kun, talking about money hurts your feelings, do you really want to let go of a peerless formula researched by a peerless genius?" Maybe after reading this recipe, you can break through your original realm and go one step further. Are you really going to give up? Really, really? ”
老头：“……配方拿给我看看。”他才不承认他被这小逗比戳到痒处了。
Old man: "...... Show me the recipe. He didn't admit that he had been tickled by this little tease.
小孩说的是真是假，他拿到配方就知道。以他的水平，就算是一张从没见过的新药方，只看药材和配比，大致也能推测出这种药能不能炼制出来，以及有什么药效。
What the child said was true or false, he knew when he got the formula. At his level, even if it is a new prescription that he has never seen before, just looking at the medicinal materials and proportions, he can roughly guess whether this medicine can be refined and what its effects are.
王叶把配方拿了出来，他这时非常庆幸他没把疯药王放出来，也没让他能看到和听到外界，否则让疯药王知道催发药剂不是他亲手炼制的，而是委托了别人，疯药王非得念叨死他不可。
Wang Ye took out the formula, he was very glad that he didn't release the mad medicine king, and he didn't let him see and hear the outside world, otherwise let the mad medicine king know that the inducing medicine was not refined by him, but entrusted to someone else, and the mad medicine king would have to kill him.
老头接过配方，先是一脸嘲笑，但等他看进去，就越看神色越严肃。
The old man took the formula, and at first sneered, but when he looked inside, the more serious his expression became.
看到最后，他已经迫不及待想要去试试这张药方是不是真的能炼制出成品药剂。
Seeing the end, he couldn't wait to try whether this prescription could really refine the finished potion.
王叶暗中握拳：成了！今天运气真他妈好。 Wang Ye secretly clenched his fists: It's done! luck today.
小光：“咿咿咿。”是我们把这个老头吸引过来的哦，而且这老头刚看到我们时，满身杀气，他先想杀了我们，幸好我机灵，带着子民们藏起来了。
Xiaoguang: "Babble." "We attracted this old man to him, and when this old man first saw us, he was full of murderous energy, he wanted to kill us first, but fortunately I was clever and hid with my people.
王叶敷衍地道：“是是是，你们立功了。你过来，别往老头那边飞，小心被他灭掉。”
Wang Ye said perfunctorily: "Yes, yes, you have made meritorious contributions." Come here, don't fly to the old man, be careful of being destroyed by him. ”
小光也没敢去试探那老头，乖乖停在王叶肩膀上。 Xiaoguang didn't dare to test the old man, and obediently stopped on Wang Ye's shoulder.
老头拿着药方转身就走，竟连招呼都忘记打了。 The old man turned around and left with the prescription, but he forgot to say hello.
王叶看老头拿出魔板腾空而去，挥挥小黑手，转而就带着小光去找它的子民。
Wang Ye watched the old man take out the magic board and fly away, waved his little black hand, and then took Xiaoguang to find its people.
他不怕老头不来找他，那药方对别人没用，想要试药效，只能来找他。
He was not afraid that the old man would not come to him, that the prescription was useless to others, and if he wanted to test the efficacy, he could only come to him.
片刻后，静心茶山上传出王小叶的怒吼：“这不是饮料！你们竟然喝了这么多，我说五大桶怎么还会不够？吃吃吃，喝喝喝，你们这帮败家子，你们知道你们今天大半天喝掉了多少金币吗？再做？材料呢？你们以为材料都是天上掉下来的吗？”
After a while, Wang Xiaoye's roar came from Jingxin Tea Mountain: "This is not a drink!" You guys drank so much, I said, how can five barrels not be enough? Eat, eat, drink, you losers, do you know how many gold coins you drank most of the day today? Do it again? What about the material? Do you think all the materials fell from the sky? ”
第136章 有一棵香云树 Chapter 136: There Is a Fragrant Cloud Tree
副园长忙碌了一天，下班前看到桌上摆放的盒子，正好感觉有点饿了，就打了开来。
The deputy director had a busy day, and when he saw the box on the table before getting off work, he happened to feel a little hungry, so he opened it.
盒子里摆放着六个圆溜溜胖乎乎的点心，全身雪白，表面撒着细粉，但那雪白的表皮下又透出微微的红，还有微微的黄，点心表皮看起来非常嫩，似乎还是软的。
There are six round and chubby dim sum in the box, the whole body is snow-white, and the surface is sprinkled with fine powder, but under the snow-white skin, there is a slight red, and a slight yellow, and the dim sum skin looks very tender, and it seems to be soft.
副园长忍不住伸出手指戳了戳，Q弹Q弹。 The deputy director couldn't help but stretch out his finger and poke it, Q bounce Q bomb.
副园长出身贵族之家，虽然只是不大不小的中等贵族，但自认也见过世面，不过这样的点心，他真还是第一次见到。
The deputy director was born in a noble family, although he was only a small and medium-sized nobleman, but he thought he had seen the world, but this was the first time he had seen such a snack.
足够精致，也足够诱惑人。 Delicate enough, but also seductive enough.
如果有地球玩家在场，肯定会一口叫出点心的名字“雪媚娘”。
If there are earth players present, they will definitely call out the name of the dim sum "Xue Mei Niang".
只不过这个雪媚娘不止拥有雪媚娘的滑嫩、冰爽、粉糯并微微弹牙的美妙口感，同时还有一些其他美好效用。
It's just that this Xue Mei Niang not only has the smooth and tender, cool, powdery and slightly elastic taste of Xue Mei Niang, but also has some other beautiful effects.
副园长捏出一个雪媚娘轻轻咬了一口。 The deputy director pinched out a snow girl and took a bite gently.
里面竟然是夹心的，而且夹了三层，一咬就爆汁。 The inside turned out to be sandwiched, and there were three layers of sandwich, and the juice burst when you bit it.
副园长一时也看不出夹心中都夹了什么，就觉得里面的食材充满坚果的焦香，又带有果粒的清甜。
The deputy director couldn't see what was in the sandwich for a while, so he felt that the ingredients inside were full of nutty burnt aroma and sweetness of fruit.
浓郁的奶香味和水果的甘甜和坚果的焦香巧妙的融合为一体，让人咬了一口还想再咬一口。
The rich milky flavor and the sweetness of the fruit and the burnt aroma of the nuts are skillfully blended together, making you want to bite again.
不到一会儿，副园长手一伸，摸了个空。 After a while, the deputy director stretched out his hand and touched the air.
六个小儿拳头大的点心竟然全被他吃完。 He ate all six fist-sized dim sums.
点心是魔食，吃完，让副园长产生了相当舒适的幸福感，他甚至感觉到自己的精神力都微微提升了一些。
The dim sum was a magic food, and after eating it, the deputy director had a quite comfortable sense of happiness, and he even felt that his mental power had increased slightly.
副园长喝了口水，溜溜达达地散步一样走向那座静心茶山。
The deputy director took a sip of water and walked towards the meditation tea mountain like a stroll.
一天下来，不晓得那个小鬼忙得怎么样了。 At the end of the day, I don't know how busy that little ghost is.
就算那小鬼没什么培植天赋，就这手烹制魔食的本事，也能让他在学校有一席之地。
Even if that little ghost doesn't have any cultivation talent, his ability to cook magic food can still give him a place in the school.
不过好苗子当然还是要好好往培植师和魔药师上培养，反正魔食和魔药制作也有不少共通之处，那小鬼能把魔食做得这么好，那么在魔药方面应该也有一定天赋。
But of course, good seedlings still have to be cultivated on cultivators and potions, anyway, magic food and potion production also have a lot in common, that little ghost can do magic food so well, then he should also have a certain talent in potions.
副园长一意孤行地这么认为着。 The deputy director insisted on thinking so.
到了静心茶山下，副园长正要进入棚屋工作室查看那小孩的工作情况，可眼角余光中他似乎看到了什么。
At the foot of the Jingxin Tea Mountain, the deputy director was about to enter the shed studio to check on the child's work, but he seemed to see something out of the corner of his eye.
怎么感觉茶山和他早上离开时有点不一样了？ How did you feel that Chashan was a little different from when he left in the morning?
副园长的脚尖立刻改变方向，往茶山上走。 The tiptoes of the deputy director immediately changed direction and walked towards the tea mountain.
到了最高处，副园长立刻发现了哪里不同。 At the top, the deputy director immediately noticed the difference.
山顶最上面一层的静心茶竟然都长得更大了一些，就好像一天之间长了三四个月的份量。
The meditation tea on the top layer of the mountain has grown a little bigger, as if it has grown for three or four months in a day.
中层则长了大约两三个月的份量。 The middle layer has a portion size of about two or three months.
下层的茶苗变化最小，但也能看得出来长大了一些。 The tea seedlings in the lower layer have changed the least, but they can also be seen to have grown a little.
这种差别能看出来是从上到下、间隔了一定时间对幼苗进行了培育。
This difference can be seen in the fact that the seedlings were cultivated at intervals from top to bottom.
虽然成长程度不一样，但就算最下面的茶苗也不止多长了两片叶子，更不要提山顶最上层的。
Although the degree of growth is different, even the bottom tea seedling has more than two more leaves, not to mention the top one on the top of the mountain.
相信到了明天早上，这种生长变化会更明显。 I believe that by tomorrow morning, this growth change will be more obvious.
副园长弯腰在茶苗根边抓起一把泥土，揉了揉，留了一点在手心，闻了闻，还用手指捏了一点微微舔了舔。
The deputy director bent down and grabbed a handful of soil by the root of the tea seedling, rubbed it, left a little in the palm of his hand, smelled it, and pinched a little bit with his fingers and licked it slightly.
这是……？ This is......?
副园长拍干净双手，一个魔法加速就来到了山下棚子边。
The deputy director clapped his hands clean, and with a magic speed, he came to the shed at the bottom of the mountain.
他先是想敲门，半途就缩回手，他想看看那个小孩在干什么。
He tried to knock on the door, but then withdrew his hand halfway through, wanting to see what the kid was doing.
是不是正在用心学习或正在制作培植液？ Are you studying or making cultivation liquid?
副园长走到窗户边，发现窗户正好开着，屋子里一览无遗。
The deputy director went to the window and found that the window was open, giving a clear view of the room.
咦？那新生呢？ Hey? What about the new students?
再看桌面，似乎摆放着一些成品培植液。 Looking at the table again, it seems that there are some finished cultivation liquids.
副园长从敞开的窗户里直接飘进屋子里。 The deputy principal floated directly into the house through the open window.
拿起工作台上的培植液先看、再嗅、然后放出精神力感受。
Pick up the cultivation liquid on the workbench and look at it first, then smell it, and then release your spiritual power to feel it.
不错。纯净度非常高，更有一种说不出的完美感，就好像你无法从这瓶培植液中挑出刺来。
Not bad. The purity is very high, and there is an indescribable sense of perfection, as if you can't pick a thorn out of this bottle of cultivation liquid.
不过这种培植液似乎不是静心茶山上使用的那种。 However, this cultivation liquid does not seem to be the kind used on the meditation tea mountain.
虽然只有些微差别，但副园长本身是培植师大拿，两种培植液有再细微的不同，只要他用心，他就能分辨出来。
Although there are only slight differences, the deputy director himself is a cultivator, and there is a subtle difference between the two cultivation liquids, as long as he is attentive, he can tell the difference.
副园长看到屋子角落放着五个大桶，这桶是用来给药植浇水的，有些人也会在里面加培植液，此时就传出了浓郁的培植液味道。
The deputy director saw five large vats in the corner of the room, which were used to water the medicinal plants, and some people would also add cultivation liquid to it, and at this time, there was a strong smell of cultivation liquid.
副园长走过去，就看到五个大桶很干净，但底部还有一点点残留。
When the deputy director walked over, he saw that the five large vats were clean, but there was still a little residue at the bottom.
他用一根试管吸取了一点残留液体，细细感知，发现这就是山上使用的那种培植液，而且很纯，似乎没加水稀释。
He sucked up a little residual liquid with a test tube, and when he felt it carefully, he found that it was the kind of cultivation liquid used in the mountains, and it was very pure, and it didn't seem to be diluted with water.
五桶的残留液都是。 All five barrels of residual liquid are.
副园长吃惊，怪不得只一天时间那静心茶就成长那么多，原来是用了这么多培植液吗？
The deputy director was surprised, no wonder the meditation tea grew so much in just one day, did it turn out that so much cultivation liquid was used?
不过五大桶？ But five barrels?
那孩子到底怎么炼制出来的？ How did that kid refine it?
就凭放在这里的那些材料？ Just the materials that are put here?
副园长转而看放材料的角落，那里已经半点材料没有。 The deputy director turned to look at the corner where the materials were placed, and there was no material at all.
副园长觉得这很正常，以一名初级培植学徒的水平，要想做出五大桶培植液，至少要消耗那堆材料的七八倍甚至十倍出头。
The deputy director felt that this was normal, at the level of a junior cultivation apprentice, if he wanted to make five large vats of cultivation liquid, he would have to consume at least seven or eight times or even ten times the amount of materials in that pile.
通常初级培植学徒能用那堆材料做出大半桶培植液就已经很不错。
Usually, a junior cultivation apprentice can make half a bucket of cultivation liquid from that pile of materials, which is already very good.
那小孩不会为了完成任务，自己掏腰包拿出了大堆材料吧？
That kid wouldn't have taken out a lot of materials out of his own pocket to complete the task, would he?
最不可思议的是，这五大桶培植液竟然是一天内做出来的，这真的初级培植学徒的水准吗？
The most incredible thing is that these five vats of cultivation liquid were actually made in one day, is this really the level of a junior cultivation apprentice?
副园长此时还不知道，王叶压根就没用一天，他只用了大约一个半小时就把这些培植液都做出来了。
The deputy director didn't know at this time that Wang Ye didn't take a day at all, and it only took him about an hour and a half to make all these cultivation liquids.
会不会那些培植液是那新生之前就做好，提前放进了储物工具中？
Could it be that the cultivation liquid was made before the new life and put into the storage tools in advance?
这也不是不可能。也许原本那孩子做这么多培植液是有其他用途，但听说他能奖励学分，就顾不上其他了。现在的学生为了学分可是很拼的。
It's not impossible. Maybe that kid made so many cultivation liquids for other purposes, but when he heard that he could reward credits, he didn't care about anything else. Today's students are fighting hard for credits.
学分不止是学校的货币，更是进入某些地点和进一步学习的资格，比如有些教授的特别课程只有学分达到多少的学生才能去听。
Credits are not only the currency of the school, but also the qualification for admission to certain locations and further study, such as some special courses taught by students who have reached a certain number of credits.
副园长把整个工作室看了一遍，满意地点点头。
那新生肯付出这么多，就为了完成他交代的任务，他也不能让对方吃亏。
主要是这么一个培植的好苗子，总不能让他被魔食学科那边拉了过去。
副园长交代让人再送五倍的培植液材料过来，这才走出棚屋。
副园长抬头看看天色，眼看天就要黑了，不禁微微皱眉。药园晚上可不比白天安全，尤其这段时间还发生了一些很古怪的事情，只希望那个小孩不要乱跑。
王叶现在在哪儿呢？
他跟着小光去寻宝了。
因为小光和浮游光虫们受不了他的碎碎念，决定发愤图强？说是感觉到附近有好东西，就把王叶勾跑了。
王叶倒没有怀疑小光和浮游光虫群的判断，这群虫子虽然是智慧寄生虫族的底层，但可能是产虫蜜的需要，让它们个个天生都对能量极为敏感，越是能量充足的东西越是能吸引它们。
小光本来打算干完活，就带族群出去大吃一顿，现在嘛，就再加一个吧。
Xiaoguang originally planned to take the group out for a big meal after finishing his work, but now, let's add another one.
小光一路把王叶带到了一片小树林中。 Xiaoguang took Wang Ye all the way to a small forest.
这些小树林可以看出来都是人工栽培，原意可能是用来分割田地并创造一定隐私性，但随着树木生长，药园里就形成了一片片小树林。
These groves can be seen to be cultivated artificially, probably intended to divide the field and create some privacy, but as the trees grow, small groves form in the medicine garden.
小树林从外表看真不出奇，里面的林木也不算密集，只有鸟群和昆虫，连兔子都没一只。
The grove is not surprising from the outside, and the trees inside are not dense, except for flocks of birds and insects, not even a single rabbit.
小光和浮游光虫群却一头扎入了这个小树林中。 The small light and the planktonic light insect swarm plunged headlong into the grove.
王叶看看左右无人，也跟着进入。 Wang Ye saw that there was no one left and right, and also followed.
“咿咿！”小光和浮游光虫群围着一株直径约有十公分的树木飞来飞去。
"Babble!" Small light and planktonic light insect swarms flew around a tree about ten centimeters in diameter.
树木叶子落得比较多，看着也不怎么精神，包括周围的树木好像都得病了一样。
The leaves of the trees have fallen a lot, and they don't look very energetic, including the surrounding trees, as if they are sick.
王叶凑近看，发现这竟然是一株和地球香樟树十分类似的香云树。
Wang Ye took a closer look and found that this was actually a fragrant cloud tree that was very similar to the earth's camphor tree.
叫香云的原因，是因为这种树的树纹就像一朵朵云，很是特殊。
The reason why it is called Xiangyun is because the tree pattern of this tree is like clouds, which is very special.
这种树也是一种药材，香味可以避虫，树皮、叶和花都能入药，树干本身则是不错的建筑材料。
The tree is also a medicinal herb, the scent repels insects, the bark, leaves and flowers can be used as medicine, and the trunk itself is a good building material.
“这就是你们要找的好吃的？”王叶指着香云树问。 "That's what you're looking for?" Wang Ye pointed to the Xiangyun tree and asked.
小光激动地叫：“咿咿！”吃掉吃掉。 Xiaoguang excitedly shouted: "Babble! "Eat, eat, eat.
王叶让小光稍等，手掌放到树身上，施展鉴定术。 Wang Ye asked Xiaoguang to wait, put his palm on the tree, and performed the identification technique.
百科全书打开，给出鉴定结果：【即将转化为树人的香云树。受其影响，附近部分植物会出现茂盛生长的情况，同时也会掠夺土地营养。该香云树因为缺乏足够养分和能量，即将转化失败。转化失败后的香云树将枯萎，但树干中藏有树心，死掉的树心药效没有活取更佳，但也是天材地宝榜天榜上的宝贝，价值连城。】
The encyclopedia opens and gives the identification results: [The Xiangyun Tree is about to transform into a tree man. As a result, some plants in the vicinity will flourish and rob the land of nutrients. Due to the lack of sufficient nutrients and energy, the transformation of the fragrant cloud tree is about to fail. After the transformation fails, the Xiangyun Tree will wither, but there is a tree heart hidden in the trunk, and the medicinal effect of the dead tree heart is not as good as that of the dead tree heart, but it is also a treasure on the heaven and earth treasure list, and it is worth a fortune. 】
王叶看着这株香云树半晌没说话。 Wang Ye looked at this fragrant cloud tree for a long time and didn't speak.
他还以为要解开药园野草疯狂生长的秘密得去找副园长，甚至做好了这个隐藏任务也许会比主任务更困难的准备。
He also thought that in order to unlock the secret of the wild grass growth in the medicine garden, he would have to go to the deputy director, and even prepared that this hidden mission might be more difficult than the main task.
谁想，小光竟然直接把这个隐藏任务的答案送到他面前了。
Who would have thought that Xiaoguang would directly send him the answer to this hidden task.
那树心，他是取还是取呢？ The heart of the tree, does he take it or take it?
“救救我……我不要死……不要让这些虫子吃掉我……”
王叶惊，就在刚才他竟然接收到了这棵树的清晰意识，这不是还没有转化吗？
Wang Ye was shocked, just now he actually received the clear consciousness of this tree, isn't this not yet transformed?
“救救我……我想活下去……” "Help me...... I want to live......"
王叶收回手掌，这次就什么都感觉不到了。 Wang Ye withdrew his palm, and this time he couldn't feel anything.
他再把手掌贴到树干上，果然又听到了树的求救声。 He put his palm on the trunk of the tree again, and sure enough, he heard the tree's cry for help again.
【任务发布：树人诞生不易，尤其是由树木自然转化的树人，眼看这株香云树即将转化为智慧生物，可因为能量不充足，就要转化失败并死亡。请玩家隔壁小王尽力救助这株香云树，助它能成功转化成树人。任务完成，奖励三万点经验值。请问是否接受任务？】
[Mission Release: It is not easy to be born as a tree man, especially a tree man who is naturally transformed by trees, seeing that this fragrant cloud tree is about to transform into a smart creature, but because the energy is not sufficient, it will fail to transform and die. Please try your best to save this Xiangyun Tree and help it successfully transform into a treeman. Quest completion rewards 30,000 XP points. Do you accept the assignment? 】
他就知道！王叶就知道系统不可能会让他眼睁睁看着香云树转化树人失败，肯定要折腾他一番，果然。
He knew it! Wang Ye knew that the system would not let him watch the transformation of the Xiangyun Tree into a tree man fail, and he would definitely have to toss him, sure enough.
不过三万点经验值……接了！ But 30,000 XP...... Pick it up!
既然接了任务，自然不可能再让小光它们吃掉这棵香云树。
Since they have taken over the task, it is naturally impossible for Xiaoguang to eat this Xiangyun Tree again.
小光一听王叶竟然阻止它们吃掉这棵树，愤怒极了：“咿咿咿！”
When Xiaoguang heard that Wang Ye actually stopped them from eating this tree, he was extremely angry: "Babble! ”
这不让我们吃，那不让我们吃，我们能吃什么？我们吃不饱怎么干活，怎么才能更好地进化？
This doesn't let us eat, that doesn't let us eat, what can we eat? How can we work if we don't have enough to eat, and how can we evolve better?
王叶插腰：“你们还有没有友爱心了？这可是即将转化的树人，是智慧生物，和你们一样都是特殊物种，吃掉它，你们不觉得良心会痛吗？”
Wang Ye inserted his waist: "Do you still have friendship?" This is a tree man who is about to be transformed, it is a intelligent creature, and it is a special species like you, don't you think your conscience will hurt if you eat it? ”
小光：“咿咿咿！”不觉得。我们是虫，吃植物不是天经地义吗？
Xiaoguang: "Babble! "I don't think so. We are insects, isn't it natural to eat plants?
“……”王叶心想下次不能再让小光它们看电视了，现在这些熊孩子说起道理都是一套一套的。
"......" Wang Ye thought to himself that next time he couldn't let Xiaoguang and them watch TV, and now these bear children are all in a set of ways.
王叶进入谈判模式：“两桶培植液。” Wang Ye entered the negotiation mode: "Two barrels of cultivation liquid." ”
小光：“咿咿！” Xiaoguang: "Babble! ”
王叶喷火：“一百桶？你们怎么不去抢？最多三桶。” Wang Ye breathed fire: "A hundred barrels? Why don't you grab it? Up to three barrels. ”
小光：“咿咿咿！” Xiaoguang: "Babble! ”
王叶竖起手掌，张开：“五桶，这是极限。而且我没办法一次性给你们炼制那么多，我分五个月给你们，一个月给一桶。”
Wang Ye raised his palm and opened it: "Five barrels, this is the limit." And I can't refine so much for you at once, I'll give it to you in five months, one barrel a month. ”
小光很清楚王叶的财力，知道这个主人赚得多花得也多，想要解决千木之毒不可能只用大脑思考，你更得不断地做实验。要做实验，肯定需要大量材料。
Xiaoguang is very aware of Wang Ye's financial resources, and knows that this master earns a lot and spends a lot, and if you want to solve the poison of a thousand trees, you can't just think with your brain, and you have to keep experimenting. To do an experiment, a lot of material is definitely needed.
有些材料确实能从学校薅毛，但有些材料就需要购买了。
Some materials do work from the school, but some need to be purchased.
偏偏王叶研究的方子对别人没用，炼制出来的药剂也不能随便当商品卖，完完全全就是在往里面砸钱。
However, the recipe studied by Wang Ye is useless to others, and the refined potions cannot be sold as commodities casually, they are simply throwing money into it.
“咿咿。”小光同意了。 "Babble." Hikari agreed.
主要是它对树人和香云树转化失败留下的树心价值还是不怎么了解，在它看来，就这么一棵树还不够它和它的子民啃一顿的，那还不如从王叶那里换取那好吃又比较管饱的培植液。
The main reason is that it still doesn't know much about the value of the tree heart left by the transformation of the tree man and the Xiangyun tree, in its opinion, just such a tree is not enough for it and its people to gnaw on, so it is better to exchange it for the delicious and more satisfying cultivation liquid from Wang Ye.
和小光的交易达成，王叶就手掌按着树身对香云树说话了：“香云啊，为了救你，我可是付出了极大代价，接下来我还要为你提供大量能量，让你能顺利转化为树人。我相信香云你是个恩怨分明的智慧生物，为了不让你欠下救命之恩，为了不让你终生背负沉重的包袱，我愿意接受你的报答，要厚报哦，否则我会诅咒你的。”
The deal with Xiaoguang was reached, and Wang Ye pressed the palm of his hand to the body of the tree and spoke to Xiangyunshu: "Xiangyun, in order to save you, I have paid a great price, and then I will provide you with a lot of energy, so that you can successfully transform into a tree man." I believe that Xiangyun you are a wise creature with clear grievances, in order not to let you owe a life-saving grace, in order not to let you carry a heavy burden for the rest of your life, I am willing to accept your reward, to repay well, otherwise I will curse you. ”
香云树……没有任何反应。 Xiangyun Tree ...... Nothing happened.
王叶不介意，现在没反应，等变成树人就有反应了。 Wang Ye didn't mind, he didn't react now, and he would react when he became a tree man.
“我要取你一片叶子，看你适合什么种类的培植液。你别攻击我。”王叶等了一会儿，才踮起脚尖揪了一枚发黄的叶片。
"I'm going to take a leaf from you and see what kind of cultivation solution you're suitable for. Don't attack me. Wang Ye waited for a while before standing on tiptoe and pulling a yellowed leaf.
“我研究培植液需要一点时间，这个先给你，看能不能稍微改善一点你的情况。”王叶拿出一桶给虫巢种植区准备的培植液，分次倒在这颗香云树的树根下。
"It will take me a little time to study the cultivation liquid, so I'll give you this one first, and see if I can improve your situation a little." Wang Ye took out a bucket of cultivation liquid prepared for the insect nest planting area and poured it under the roots of this fragrant cloud tree in batches.
倒完，王叶摸了摸树身。 After pouring, Wang Ye touched the body of the tree.
香云树这次给了回馈，还很急：“还要……” Xiangyunshu gave feedback this time, and he was in a hurry: "I still have to ......"
王叶心里念叨着三万点，忍着心痛又拿出一桶培植液。 Wang Ye muttered 30,000 points in his heart, endured the heartache and took out another bucket of cultivation liquid.
香云树：“还要……” Xiangyunshu: "I still have to ......"
王叶变脸了：“这个培植液不是特别适合你，我给你另外特别制作，会把能量放得更足。你在这儿等着。”
Wang Ye's face changed: "This cultivation liquid is not particularly suitable for you, I will make another special one for you, which will put more energy." You're waiting here. ”
王叶回转，之前的工作室里一应工具俱全，自然是返回更好。至于材料……再想办法吧，也许可以去跟那位副园长再申请一点，就说他制作失败多次，需要更多材料练手好了。
Wang Ye turned, and the previous studio had all the tools, so it was naturally better to return. As for the material...... Let's find a way, maybe I can go and apply a little more with the deputy principal, just say that he has failed many times and needs more materials to practice.
一根树枝伸过来，勾住王叶的手臂。 A branch reached over and hooked Wang Ye's arm.
王叶扭头：“大兄嘚，不带这样的，我是真没货了，得回去做。乖哈，在这里等着。”
Wang Ye turned his head: "Big brother, if you don't bring this, I'm really out of stock, I have to go back and do it." Wait here. ”
树枝看似乎真的再也榨不出什么，只好慢慢松开。 The branches really didn't seem to be able to squeeze anything out, so they had to slowly loosen them.
王叶对小光招手。 Wang Ye beckoned to Xiaoguang.
小光和浮游光虫们流着口水围着那香云树飞了一圈，不舍地离开。
Xiaoguang and the planktonic light insects drooled and flew around the fragrant cloud tree, reluctantly leaving.
“小光啊，你看除了这里，还有哪里能量特别富足，让你特别想吃的？”
"Xiaoguang, do you see that apart from here, there is anything else that is particularly rich in energy and makes you want to eat it so much?"
“咿咿！” "Babble!"
“带个路就要一桶培养液？小光啊，做生意可不能这么做，想要吸引客户、留住客户，你得先给出甜头，懂吗？”
"Need a vat of culture medium to lead the way? Xiaoguang, you can't do this in business, if you want to attract customers and retain customers, you have to give sweetness first, understand? ”
“咿！”不懂，有就带路，没有不带。 "Bah!" If you don't understand, if you have it, you will lead the way, and if you don't have it, you will not bring it.
王叶：“……成交。” Wang Ye: "...... Deal. ”
走了大约半个小时，王叶跟着小光它们来到了一片相当大的药植田。
After walking for about half an hour, Wang Ye followed Xiaoguang and the others to a rather large medicinal field.
只不过这个药植田不知道是没有主人看管，还是其他原因，里面药植都要看不到了，只能看到大片的野草。
It's just that I don't know if this medicinal plant field is not under the care of the owner, or for other reasons, the medicinal plants in it can't be seen, and only a large area of wild grass can be seen.
小光带着族群快乐地扑入那些野草中，开始啃食那些野草。
Xiaoguang happily pounced on the weeds with the clan and began to nibble on them.
“你说的能量富足的东西就是这片野草？”王叶不可置信。
"You're talking about energy-rich things like this weed?" Wang Ye was incredulous.
小光飞舞一圈，表示没错，就是这里。其他地方的野草能量也不错，但这里最浓郁。
Xiaoguang danced around, indicating that's right, this is it. The weed energy is also good elsewhere, but it is most intense here.
王叶气得嘴唇颤抖：“我要这些野草有什么用？它们能量再富足……”
Wang Ye's lips trembled with anger: "What's the use of me asking for these weeds?" They are rich in energy......"
嗯？等等。能量富足的野草对他也不是完全没有用处。 Well? Wait a minute. Energy-rich weeds are not entirely useless to him.
从他们一路走来看到的植物生长状态可以看出，香云树转变树人一事并没有激发所有植物生长，而是只有特定的几种药植，尤其是野草生长得特别好。
From the growth state of the plants they saw along the way, it can be seen that the transformation of the Xiangyun tree into a tree man did not stimulate the growth of all plants, but only a few specific medicinal plants, especially wild grasses, grew particularly well.
这些野草能受到香云树的影响，就表示它们和香云树的属性比较相近。
These weeds can be affected by the Xiangyun tree, which means that they have similar properties to the Xiangyun tree.
如此，他完全可以提炼这些野草的精华来反哺香云树嘛。
In this way, he can completely refine the essence of these weeds to feed back the Xiangyun tree.
王叶越想越觉得这个法子可行，他甚至有点后悔没有跟副园长接双重任务，也帮助除野草什么的。
The more Wang Ye thought about it, the more he felt that this method was feasible, and he even regretted a little that he didn't take on the dual task with the deputy director, and also helped to remove weeds or something.
想到就做，精华提炼魔法阵他熟得不能再熟，献祭品也都是现成的，就用这些生命力旺盛的野草就好。
Just do it when you think of it, the essence refining magic array is too familiar for him to be more familiar, and the sacrifices are all ready-made, just use these vigorous weeds.
王叶把小光和它的族群驱赶到一个角落，另外围住一片野草，打算布置魔法阵。
Wang Ye drove Xiaoguang and his clan to a corner, and surrounded a field of weeds, intending to set up a magic array.
为了不伤及里面的药植，王叶不得不把药植先连根挖出来，放到一边。
In order not to hurt the medicinal plants inside, Wang Ye had to dig out the medicinal plants by the roots and put them aside.
吭哧吭哧挖了二十株，王叶直起身体看着远处在野草丛中大吃特吃的小光它们，不禁悲从中来。
After digging twenty plants, Wang Ye straightened up and looked at the little light who was eating in the wild grass in the distance, and couldn't help but feel sad.
他养了这么多坑货，却没一个肯帮他干活的！ He has raised so many pit goods, but no one is willing to help him work!
转瞬，王叶又自我安慰，好在小光它们吃得多，也能分泌更多虫蜜。虫蜜还是好东西的。
In an instant, Wang Ye comforted himself again, fortunately, Xiaoguang ate more and secreted more insect honey. Worm honey is still a good thing.
王叶把药植全都丢到一边，操纵魔法阵，开始提炼野草精华。
Wang Ye threw all the medicinal plants aside, manipulated the magic array, and began to refine the essence of the weeds.
这些野草含有的能量真的非常丰富，只这一小片竟然就让他提炼出矿泉水瓶那么多的精华液。
The energy contained in these weeds is really very rich, and this small piece alone allows him to refine the essence of a mineral water bottle.
“你在做什么？”熟悉的声音在附近响起。 "What are you doing?" A familiar voice sounded nearby.
王叶抬头就看到了副园长大人。 Wang Ye looked up and saw the deputy head of the garden.
第137章 副园长的愿望 Chapter 137: The Deputy Principal's Wish
呃，打工期间做私活被逮住了怎么办？ Uh, what should I do if I get caught doing private work during my part-time job?
那就要看你怎么解释了。 That's up to you to interpret it.
王叶正要编一个合情合理的理由，就见副园长围着他的魔法阵走了一圈，说道：“原来是精华提取魔法阵。不错，你这个年纪能掌握这个阵法，真不简单。”
Wang Ye was about to make up a reasonable reason, when he saw the deputy head walking around his magic array and said, "It turned out to be the essence extraction magic array. Yes, it's not easy for you to master this formation at your age. ”
副园长又看到丢在一边的连根带土的药植，更是夸奖道：“只提取野草精华，懂得把药植保护起来，还能除掉野草，不错，这个想法和做法都很好，值得表扬，不过……”
The deputy director saw the medicinal plants with roots and soil that were thrown aside, and praised them even more: "Only extract the essence of weeds, know how to protect the medicinal plants, and can also get rid of weeds, yes, this idea and practice are very good, worthy of praise, but ......"
王叶：能不要转折吗？ Wang Ye: Can you not turn around?
副园长接着说道：“不过这精华提取魔法阵用在野草上有些浪费，用在田地里也有些不方便，比如这种药植和野草掺杂在一起的情况，想要不伤害药植，还得先把药植移出田地，论方便远远不如汲草术。”
The deputy director continued: "However, this essence extraction magic array is a bit wasteful to use on weeds, and it is also a little inconvenient to use it in the field, such as this kind of medicinal plant and wild grass mixed together, if you want not to harm the medicinal plant, you have to move the medicinal plant out of the field first, and the convenience is far inferior to the grass drawing technique." ”
王叶一听貌似有新知识可学（有便宜可占），忙问：“副园长，什么是汲草术？”
Wang Ye heard that there seemed to be new knowledge to learn (there are cheap things to take advantage of), and hurriedly asked: "Deputy Principal, what is the grass drawing technique?" ”
副园长：“汲草术就是汲取草木精华的魔法，不需要布置魔法阵那么麻烦，只要使用魔法口诀和有充足的魔力以及能精细操作的精神力就可以。这是培植学科要到高级培植师时才会学习的术法。”
王叶失望：“听起来很不错。但我短时间不是学不了了？学校图书馆有这本术法书吗？”
副园长笑：“你想自学？”
王叶点头：“当然。这么好用的术法谁不想学？”
“好用是好用，但也不是普通人能学会的，否则也不会到达高级培植师才能学习这门术法，不过……”副园长拖长语调。
王叶喜欢这个转折：求快说！
副园长看到小孩小狗求食一样期盼的眼神，哈哈一笑：“不过你有学习魔法阵的底子，而且这个魔法阵看样子你还掌握得很好。其实这个汲草术的本质也是来源于这个魔法阵，你学会了这个魔法阵，想再学汲草术就不难，难的是你能否对你的精神力进行精细操作。”
王叶眨眼：“我自认对精神力操控得还行。”
副园长见过他炼制的培养液，对他这句话倒是没有怀疑，那样纯净度和完美配比的培植液想要做出来，其人精神力运用必然有独到之处。
副园长不说话了。
王叶福至心灵，跑到副园长身边，抬头央求他：“副园长，您能教我汲草术吗？我一定好好学，保证不会丢您的脸。”
“我有一个愿望。”
王叶：“……您请说。”
副园长勾起唇角，“我培植学科明明不弱于任何一个学科，可就因为其他学科出的是成品，而我培植学科培植出来的大多都是材料，就此被划分到辅助学科，更被划到杂学院。”
“可君不见培植学科才是一切的基础？如果没有培植，哪来的各种植物材料？没有材料，不管是炼药、还是炼器，包括魔法卷轴制作、魔食制作、魔画、魔乐，甚至召唤系等等，它们都是一场空。”
王叶点头，深觉有理。
副园长看到小孩表情，越发满意：“我很想让世人更重视培植学科，想让学校把培植学科单立成一个学院，但我知道这对你来说太难，我也不会强求你做到这点。我的愿望很简单，完全是你能做到的。我可以教你汲草术包括其他培植知识，但我希望你能代表培植学科参加明年的各学校专业大比，并最少拿到前三回来。”
王叶头疼，老老实实说道：“副园长这个愿望，我很愿意帮您完成。但我只会在您这里待到假期结束，可各校专业大比要到八月……如果到时候我找不到您怎么办？”
“我就在学校里，你怎么会找不到我？”
王叶懂了，他如果接下这个任务，这个副本秘境就不会立刻被系统回收，而是会继续保留，将来他也能继续进入这个副本。
“那如果我拿不到前三怎么办？”
“扣学分！我已经事先把奖励给你了，如果你在一年后还拿不到培植大比的前三名，那你培植学科的学分就别想要了，全都给我重修。”副园长板起脸，特别凶地说。
王叶：难不成秘境里给的学分真的能在现实具现化？包括扣学分也一样？
副园长像是猜出了王叶在想什么，当即道：“只要你同意，你就相当于领了学校的特殊任务，这些任务都会记录在你的学生徽章里，完成会自动加学分，没完成就是自动扣学分。”
王叶好奇：“如果我没有把学生徽章带到药园呢？”
副园长冷笑：“那你就压根没有跟我学习的机会，更不要说让我教你汲草术。”
王叶不禁再次庆幸他特意穿了校服并戴上了学生徽章。
至此，他进入这个副本才一天就已经领了四个任务。
主线任务，完成药锄的愿望，奖励一万经验值。
支线任务，让静心茶苗能在三天内多长两片叶子，奖励一千经验值。这个他已经接近完成。
支线任务二，帮助香云树转化成树人，奖励三万点经验值。
支线任务三，完成副院长的愿望，代表培植专业参加明年的学生专业大比，奖励一万点经验值。
总计五万一千点的奖励，只要能完成，回报还是很丰厚的。
王叶不是自夸，如果换个人，绝对无法在一天内接到这么多支线任务，这些任务可都需要极为厚实的培植、药草、炼药等知识底子才行。
果然就不能小看任何一个副本秘境，哪怕它只是一个十五级以上就能进入的普通副本。
当然，如果来的人都像是梵音他们那样的普通玩家，光是寻找主任务线索，到后面应对boss就能把他们折磨得死去活来。他们就算想寻找机缘也是有心无力。
王叶转而想得更深，也许每个副本并不是随便进的，最好是能在进入某个副本前先了解这个副本都是什么背景、需要什么知识，如果能事先做些功课，得到支线任务（机缘）的可能性也更大。
“副园长，我要怎么证明自己获得了前三名？”王叶出于谨慎，问道。
副园长奇怪地看他：“获奖会有奖励，学校也有记录，这些记录内容自然也会反应在你的学生徽章中，只要你把学生徽章带来，我自然就能知道你获得的名次。”
“原来如此。”王叶心想如果只是看结果的话，那他也不一定要等到明年，直接参加今年八月的大比就可以。再说副本的时间线和正世界不一样，恐怕参加哪一届的比赛不重要，重要的是参加的结果。
“现在天色不早，你回去工作室休息，晚上没事不要出来瞎逛。明天早上，照顾完静心茶，来这里等我。”副园长催促王叶赶紧走。
王叶只好跟副园长告辞，回去工作室。
小光和浮游光虫群等副园长离开，大吃了一顿，吃饱了才悠悠哉哉地飞去找王叶。
王叶刚回到棚屋工作室，梵音几个就找来了。
大家就在工作室里总结这一天找到的线索，然后看下一步怎么做。
几个人热情都很高，他们在寻找线索途中也接下了几个小任务，比如去找那位老莫询问药锄主人的事，老莫就表示他年岁大了腿脚疼，想要找些药草泡澡。
几个人就到处去找相关药草。
在寻找药草的过程中，他们有人遇到好说话的，只要付出一定货币就能换到需要的药草。有人被当做小贼，被人打了一顿。有人遇到野兽，跟野兽打斗。跟野兽打完，采药时又遇到毒蛇，总之出了不少状况。
最后四人坑坑跌跌地总算把老莫需要的药草凑齐了。
碎月运气最好，她去寻找药草时，看到一名高年级生。她就过去拜托对方。
Broken Moon had the best luck, and when she went to look for herbs, she saw an upperclassman. She went over and begged the other party.
碎月长得好、能说软话，气质也甜美，那名高年级生并没有怎么为难碎月，两人还聊了几句。
Broken Moon is good-looking, can speak softly, and has a sweet temperament, the senior student didn't embarrass Broken Moon much, and the two chatted a few words.
碎月发现那名高年级生辅修魔乐课程，还给他唱了一首民谣。
Broken Moon found out that the senior student was minoring in a magic music class and sang him a ballad.
那名学长觉得碎月唱得民谣很好听，不但帮她采集了药草，还送了她一支他已经不用的初级魔法乐器，外形很像陶笛。
The senior thought that Broken Moon sang a good folk song, and not only helped her collect medicinal herbs, but also gave her a rudimentary magic instrument that he no longer used, which looked like an ocarina.
听了碎月的描述，其他人都十分羡慕。 After listening to the description of the broken moon, the others were very envious.
不过个人有个人的缘法，几人虽然羡慕，但并不妒忌或仇恨，也不会想要去抢碎月得到的魔法道具。
However, individuals have their own fate, and although a few people are envious, they are not jealous or hateful, and they will not want to snatch the magic props obtained by the broken moon.
碎月就觉得这次运气很好，遇到的队友至少表面看人品都过得去。不像她第一次，还是和朋友组队，结果还碰到两个极品。
Broken Moon felt that she was very lucky this time, and the teammates she met were at least passable on the surface. Unlike the first time she was in a team, she teamed up with her friends, and she also ran into two superlatives.
“老莫跟你们说了那口井的位置？那大家接下来是什么打算？”王叶问。
"Lao Mo told you the location of the well? So what's next for everyone? Wang Ye asked.
四人互看，见其他人目光都集中到自己身上，梵音就道：“我想大家白天都有工作和学习要忙，幸好这个秘境的白天黑夜和现实相反，我建议我们等会儿就下线各忙各的事情，总不能因为游戏就耽误现实生活，等到晚上……就19点吧，大家再一起上线如何？”
The four of them looked at each other, and when they saw that the eyes of the others were focused on themselves, Sanskrit said: "I think everyone has to be busy with work and study during the day, fortunately, the day and night of this secret realm are the opposite of reality, I suggest that we wait for a while to go offline and do our own things, and we can't delay real life because of the game, and wait until the evening...... It's just 19 o'clock, how about everyone go online together? ”
“同意。” "Agreed."
“好，那就这样。” "Okay, that's it."
碎月举手：“提前上线可以吗？” Broken Moon raised her hand: "Is it okay to go online early?" ”
“当然可以，你可以趁这个时间找找自己的机缘，也可以去那口井看看帮我们先探探路。”梵音笑着说。
"Of course, you can take advantage of this time to find your own chance, or you can go to that well to help us explore the way first." Fanyin said with a smile.
“那我们今晚19点就在小叶子这里碰头。” "Then we'll meet here at 19 o'clock tonight."
几人约定好，就走到屋角坐好，老王和小李直接躺下，转眼，四具人体都闭上了眼睛。
After a few people agreed, they walked to the corner of the house and sat down, Lao Wang and Xiao Li lay down directly, and in a blink of an eye, the four human bodies closed their eyes.
王叶看着那四具像是睡着又像是死去的身体，有点毛毛的。
Wang Ye looked at the four bodies that seemed to be asleep and dead, a little hairy.
他也能“下线”，不过他的下线和其他玩家不同，他只能选择传送出这个副本，想进来时再传送进来。
He can also "go offline", but unlike other players, he can only choose to teleport out of this quest and teleport in when he wants to.
只是他每次进出这个副本都要另外花两百经验值……一出一进各一百。
It's just that every time he enters and exits this dungeon, he has to spend another two hundred experience points...... One hundred each in and out.
好气！ Gassy!
王叶已经跟雷木说过他要两三天才回去，自然不会在刚来的第一天就浪费经验值，但他也需要休息，就走出工作室，走到茶山山顶，躺到地上，实际进入了虫巢。
Wang Ye had already told Lei Mu that he would not go back until two or three days, so naturally he would not waste experience points on the first day he came, but he also needed to rest, so he walked out of the studio, walked to the top of Chashan Mountain, lay on the ground, and actually entered the hive.
晚上探索药园？没听副园长让他晚上不要瞎逛吗，他是个听劝的。
Exploring the Medicine Garden at night? Didn't you listen to the deputy director tell him not to wander around at night, he is a persuasive person.
就算要逛，也要等到他把几个任务完成再说。 Even if he wants to go shopping, he will have to wait until he completes a few tasks.
王叶看着空荡荡的客厅，下意识喊了一声：“木木！” Wang Ye looked at the empty living room and subconsciously shouted: "Mumu!" ”
木木不在，疯药王倒是飘了过来。 Mu Mu was not there, but the Mad Medicine King floated over.
疯药王对他去了什么地方很好奇，他知道只要王叶愿意，他就能看到外面，就一个劲嚷嚷他想能看到外界。
The Mad Medicine King was very curious about where he went, and he knew that as long as Wang Ye was willing, he would be able to see the outside, so he yelled at him that he wanted to be able to see the outside world.
王叶没理他，一个人寂寞地去洗澡睡觉了。 Wang Ye ignored him and went to take a bath and sleep alone.
他想雷木了，就是那个闹腾的金宝儿也有点想。 He thinks about Lei Mu, and even the noisy Jin Bao'er also thinks a little bit.
如果雷木也能跟他一起进入副本就好了。 If only Thunderwood could enter the dungeon with him.
王叶突然弹身坐起，他也许暂时没办法让雷木进入副本，但他可以想办法让雷木自由进出虫巢啊。
Wang Ye suddenly bounced up and sat up, he may not be able to let Lei Mu enter the dungeon for the time being, but he can find a way to let Lei Mu enter and exit the hive freely.
现在雷木已经拥有能自由出的权限。 Now Reimu has the freedom to go out.
不是王叶不想给雷木自由进虫巢的权限，而是他暂时还做不到。
It's not that Wang Ye doesn't want to give Lei Mu the permission to enter the hive freely, but he can't do it for the time being.
但虫巢应该是可以让寄生虫族自由进出的，除非掌控虫巢的王设定限制。
However, the hive should allow parasites to enter and exit freely, unless the king in control of the hive sets a limit.
也就是说，理论上只要他这个虫巢主人同意雷木能自由进出，他就应该可以。
In other words, theoretically, as long as he, the hive owner, agrees that Lei Mu can enter and exit freely, he should be able to.
可为什么现在只能自由出，不能自由进呢？ But why can I only go out freely now, but not enter freely?
王叶闲着没事，干脆把小光召唤过来做实验。 Wang Ye was idle, so he simply summoned Xiaoguang over for experiments.
结果小光很快就掌握了自由进出的权限，除非王叶限制它和它的族群。
As a result, Xiaoguang quickly gained the right to enter and exit freely, unless Wang Ye restricted it and its clan.
王叶不解，为什么小光和浮游光虫群都可以，雷木就不行，难道就因为雷木是人不是虫？
Wang Ye was puzzled, why Xiaoguang and Floating Light Insect Swarm were okay, but Lei Mu couldn't, was it because Lei Mu was a human and not an insect?
“咿咿，咿咿咿！” "Babble, babble!"
当然不是这个原因。是因为我们虫群都臣服于王、忠心于王，进入虫巢的虫群都像是自动和王进行了契约，就像我和你之间的契约。虫巢感知到这份契约，又有主人的允许，就会放我们自由进出。
Certainly not for this reason. It's because we swarms are all subservient to the king and loyal to the king, and the swarms that enter the hive seem to have made a pact with the king automatically, just like the contract between me and you. The hive senses this contract, and with the permission of the owner, it will let us enter and exit freely.
王叶：“必须要主仆契约吗？伙伴契约不行吗？” Wang Ye: "Do you have to have a master-servant contract?" Isn't it okay to have a partnership contract? ”
小光：“咿咿咿。”必须要主仆契约，否则虫巢不会信任对方。
Xiaoguang: "Babble." "You have to have a master-servant contract, otherwise the hive won't trust each other.
王叶恍然大悟，说到底还是信任问题。 Wang Ye suddenly realized, in the final analysis, it is still a matter of trust.
可他十分信任雷木，可以说这世上他最信任的人就是雷木。
虽然一开始这种想法确实受到了上辈子的影响，但这辈子他和雷木相处这么长时间，信任度早就在日常中培养出来，没见他连地球都带雷木回去过了吗？
Although this idea was indeed influenced by his previous life at the beginning, he had been with Lei Mu for so long in this life, and his trust had long been cultivated in his daily life, didn't he even take Lei Mu back to the earth?
那么到底是什么卡住了雷木？ So what exactly is it that is stuck in Remu?
虫巢本身？ The hive itself?
不对，虫巢就是他身体的一部分，也就是他，他卡谁都不会卡雷木。
No, the hive is a part of his body, that is, he, and he can't be a karemu.
小光看他这样，落到他鼻尖上。 Xiaoguang saw him like this and fell on the tip of his nose.
王叶看过去，两眼就变成了斗鸡眼。 Wang Ye looked over, and his eyes turned into cross-eyed.
小光发出咿咿的笑声。 Hikaru let out a babbling laugh.
王叶把小光弹飞，没好气地道：“别捣乱，没看我在想问题吗？”
Wang Ye flicked Xiaoguang away, and said angrily: "Don't make trouble, don't you see that I'm thinking about the problem?" ”
“咿咿，主人，你的心防很重。你说是信任，但实际上不能受你完全控制的存在，你绝不会百分百相信对方。”
"Babble, master, your heart is very guarded. You say it's trust, but in fact it's not something you can fully control, and you will never trust the other person 100%. ”
王叶郁闷：“能不能不要这么一针见血？” Wang Ye was depressed: "Can you not be so sharp-cut?" ”
小光又咿咿地笑。 Hikari laughed again.
没错，虫巢不但是他的家和城堡和避风港湾，更相当于他的最后防护。他虽然没那么想，但他内心里显然已经把虫巢视为最安全的地方。
Yes, the hive is not only his home and castle and haven, but also his last protection. He didn't think so, but he clearly saw the hive as the safest place in his heart.
还真把自己活成蜗牛了！ I really turned myself into a snail!
他是对自己多没有自信，才会认为被人占了虫巢、攻入虫巢，就跟国王被人攻入城堡一样？
How unconfident is he in himself to think that being occupied and attacked is like a king being attacked into a castle?
王叶咚地把脑袋砸回枕头上。 Wang Ye slammed his head back on the pillow.
他就是个大傻叉！就算有人能自由进出虫巢又怎样？虫巢可是完全受他控制的，如果真有人想要在虫巢中对他不利，那才是真傻。
He's a big fool! What if someone could enter and leave the hive freely? The hive is completely under his control, and it would be foolish if anyone really wanted to disadvantage him in the hive.
退一万步说，他的虫巢被虫子、被人、被某某怪物给抢夺了。
Take 10,000 steps back and say that his hive was robbed by insects, by people, by such and such a monster.
那又能怎样？ So what?
失去虫巢他会死吗？他会失去一切吗？ Will he die if he loses the hive? Will he lose everything?
当然不会！他最重要的东西是他的大脑、他的能力、他的灵魂。
Of course not! His most important things are his brain, his abilities, his soul.
虫巢是他的一部分，但他可以断臂断腿，自然也可以断虫巢。
The hive is a part of him, but he can break his arms and legs, and naturally he can also break the hive.
他断臂断腿也能让自己长回来，同样再弄个空间工具对他也不是什么难事。
He can grow back with a broken arm and leg, and it is not difficult for him to get another space tool.
王叶不善于纠结，他只花了十秒钟就把自己想通顺，当即心情轻松无比地抱着枕头会周公去了。
Wang Ye is not good at entanglement, it only took him ten seconds to figure himself out, and he immediately hugged the pillow and went to Zhou Gong in a relaxed mood.
一只手不轻不重地揉了揉他的头发。 A hand rubbed his hair lightly.
王叶感觉到熟悉的气息，咕哝一声“木木你回来啦”，抱着枕头睡得更沉。
Wang Ye felt the familiar breath, muttered, "Mumu, you're back", and hugged the pillow and fell asleep even deeper.
雷木失笑，给王叶拉上薄被，回去了隔壁自己的卧室。 Lei Mu smiled, pulled a thin quilt for Wang Ye, and went back to his bedroom next door.
他当时正在宿舍看书，忽然感觉到小叶子好像在呼唤他。
He was reading a book in the dormitory at the time, and suddenly felt that Xiao Yezi seemed to be calling him.
他细细感知，感觉到小叶子的郁闷，继而又感觉到他的轻松。他有点不放心这个小家伙，就想着如果他能进虫巢看看小叶子就好了。
He felt it carefully, feeling Xiao Yezi's depression, and then feeling his ease. He was a little worried about this little guy, so he thought that it would be good if he could go into the hive and see the little leaves.
谁想到，他刚这么想，就出现在了虫巢中。 Who would have thought that as soon as he thought so, he appeared in the hive.
雷木猜测应该是小叶子做了什么。之前小叶子就想给他自由进出虫巢的权限，似乎遇到了什么难题，只达成一半。
Lei Mu guessed that it should be Xiao Ye who did something. Xiao Yezi wanted to give him the permission to enter and exit the hive freely, but he seemed to have encountered some problems, and he only achieved half of it.
不过小叶子不愧是小叶子，他想做的事似乎极少有做不成功的。
However, Xiao Yezi deserves to be Xiao Yezi, and it seems that there are very few things he wants to do that are unsuccessful.
这不，到底是让他自由进出虫巢了。 No, in the end, he was allowed to enter and exit the hive freely.
雷木试了试，心念一动，人就出现在宿舍中。 Lei Mu tried, and as soon as his mind moved, people appeared in the dormitory.
原本睡在他腿上的金宝儿在雷木消失的一刹那，从他腿上掉落，这会儿正急得到处找人。
Jinbao'er, who was originally sleeping on his lap, fell from his lap the moment Lei Mu disappeared, and he was in a hurry to find someone everywhere.
“爸~叽！”金宝看到雷木出现，飞扑过来。 "Dad~Huh!" Jinbao saw Thunderwood appear and pounced.
雷木接住金宝，顺手捞起自己掉在地上的书本，再次进入虫巢。
Lei Mu caught Jinbao, picked up the book he had dropped on the ground, and entered the hive again.
第138章 生命之树发芽 Chapter 138: The Tree of Life Sprouts
王叶早上起来，看到在客厅喝茶的雷木，一高兴，直接蹦到了他背上。
When Wang Ye got up in the morning, he saw Lei Mu drinking tea in the living room, and when he was happy, he jumped directly on his back.
雷木茶杯端得稳稳，反手拍拍他：“有点事问你。” Lei Mu's teacup was held steadily, and he patted him with his backhand: "I have something to ask you." ”
王叶跳下来，绕到前面：“什么事？” Wang Ye jumped down and went around to the front: "What's the matter?" ”
雷木示意王小叶看自己的胸口，就在他的胸口位置多出了一个深红色的传统钥匙印记。
Lei Mu motioned for Wang Xiaoye to look at his chest, and there was a crimson traditional key mark on his chest.
钥匙印记不大，小小的，但很清晰。 The key imprint is not big, small, but clear.
“这是？！”王叶愣住。 "This is?!" Wang Ye was stunned.
这不是元宇宙钥匙吗？ Isn't this the key to the metaverse?
他最初得到的钥匙就是这个模样，一开始他并不知道这就是游戏中唯一出现的元宇宙钥匙，可因为木木对其很重视，他才想到要研究这把钥匙，后来钥匙与他融合，他才知道这把钥匙的宝贵之处。
At first, he didn't know that this was the only metaverse key that appeared in the game, but because Mu Mu attached great importance to it, he thought of studying this key, and later the key merged with him, and he knew the preciousness of this key.
在他身上没有显形的元宇宙钥匙，竟然出现在雷木身上。
There was no visible metaverse key on him, but it actually appeared on Lei Mu.
为什么？ Why?
王叶下意识摸了摸自己的胸口，明明元宇宙钥匙并不在那里，他自己都搞不清楚那把钥匙藏在他身体什么地方，九成九应该在精神核中。
Wang Ye subconsciously touched his chest, obviously the key to the metaverse was not there, and he himself couldn't figure out where the key was hidden in his body, nine out of nine should be in the spiritual core.
他很明确，那把钥匙还在。 He was clear that the key was still there.
所以雷木那里的是钥匙分体，还是单纯的印记？ So is it a key split in Thunderwood, or is it a simple imprint?
“这是我昨晚睡觉时发现的，应该和我能自由进出虫巢有关，也就是和你有关。”雷木微微一顿，“我能感觉到自从这个印记出现，我与你的联系更加紧密。这是契约符号？”
"This is what I found out when I went to bed last night, and it should have something to do with my ability to enter and exit the hive freely, which is related to you." Lei Mu paused slightly, "I can feel that since this mark appeared, my connection with you has become closer. Is this a contract symbol? ”
王叶就算没想明白，也没忘记占他家木木的便宜，当即就嬉皮笑脸地说道：“是啊，这是我把你契约的符号。木木，你从此就是我的人了。”
Even if Wang Ye didn't figure it out, he didn't forget to take advantage of his family's Mumu, and immediately said with a hippie smile: "Yes, this is the symbol of my contract with you." Mumu, you will be my person from now on. ”
雷木嘴角弯了弯：“对你不会有影响吗？” The corners of Lei Mu's mouth curved: "Won't it have an effect on you?" ”
王叶摇头：“反正不是坏的影响。不过……木木，这个印记以后不要随便给人看到。”
Wang Ye shook his head: "Anyway, it's not a bad influence." But...... Mu Mu, don't let people see this mark casually in the future. ”
雷木点点头，把校服合上，也没问为什么。 Remu nodded, closed his school uniform, and didn't ask why.
反倒是王叶主动说明道：“我得到了一样宝贝，我们暂且叫它钥匙，那钥匙已经和我灵魂绑定，目前，那钥匙具体有什么用处我还没弄明白，我得到它之后，它一共就做了两件事，其一是救了我一命，其二就是这次，它让我和你之间形成了一个契约，这个契约有什么用我也不知道，反正你以后可以自由进出虫巢。”
On the contrary, Wang Ye took the initiative to explain: "I got a treasure, let's call it the key for the time being, the key has been bound to my soul, at present, I haven't figured out what the key is for, after I got it, it did two things, one is to save my life, the other is this time, it formed a contract between me and you, I don't know what the use of this contract is, anyway, you can freely enter and exit the hive in the future." ”
“虽然识货的人不多，但也有些人眼睛特别利。唉，如果这个印记能隐藏就好了。”王叶异想天开道。
"Although there are not many people who know the goods, there are also some people who have special eyes. Alas, if only this mark could be hidden. Wang Ye was whimsical.
雷木下意识拉开校服看自己胸口，结果发现那钥匙一样的印记竟然就那么消失了。
Lei Mu subconsciously pulled open his school uniform to look at his chest, only to find that the key-like mark had disappeared like that.
王叶眼睛亮晶晶：“这东西很贴心啊。” Wang Ye's eyes were shining: "This thing is very intimate." ”
雷木笑。真正贴心的可不是这把钥匙，而是王叶本人。 Raimu laughed. The real intimate thing is not this key, but Wang Ye himself.
虫巢这东西有多么宝贵，能救人一命还能和人产生契约的中介物又是多么宝贵，可小叶子不但没有隐瞒他，更还分享给他。
How precious is the insect nest, and how precious is the intermediary that can save people's lives and make contracts with people, but Xiaoyezi not only did not hide it from him, but also shared it with him.
只这份信任，他又怎么能辜负这个小孩？ With only this trust, how could he let down this child?
“我昨晚把金宝也带进来了。”雷木道。 "I brought Campbell in last night." Thunderwood Road.
“你对虫巢的操控权限只比我差一点。”王叶表示雷木能把金宝带进虫巢不奇怪，他好奇的是：“金宝现在也能自由进出虫巢了吗？”
"You only have a little less control over the hive than I do." Wang Ye said that it was not strange that Lei Mu could bring Jinbao into the hive, and he was curious: "Can Jinbao enter and leave the hive freely now?" ”
雷木摇头：“我没在他身上发现印记。要么你给他看看。”
Remu shook his head: "I didn't find any marks on him. Or you show him. ”
王叶这个坏蛋，一脸坏笑地跑到雷木房间，把窝在枕头小窝里睡得正香甜的金宝拎起来，上上下下检查了一遍。
Wang Ye, the villain, ran to Lei Mu's room with a wicked smile on his face, picked up Jinbao, who was sleeping sweetly in the pillow nest, and checked it up and down.
金宝被弄醒，气得挠王小叶，结果……金宝忽然发现他被扔出了虫巢，出现在宿舍的客厅中。
Jin Bao was woken up and was so angry that he scratched Wang Xiaoye, and the result was ...... Campbell suddenly discovers that he has been thrown out of the hive and appears in the living room of the dormitory.
金宝想要进去虫巢，但他进不去。 Jinbao wants to get into the hive, but he can't.
就在金宝气得皮卡皮卡叽的乱叫时，雷木出来把金宝重新带入虫巢。
Just as Jinbao was so angry that Pickup Pickup screamed, Remu came out and brought Campbell back into the hive.
王叶又把小光它们叫来做了几次实验，最后确定除了雷木可以无视距离，想进入虫巢就进入，其他成员，无论是金宝还是小光它们，哪怕是得到王叶自由进出的允许，都必须靠近王叶五米以内，才能进入虫巢。
Wang Ye called Xiaoguang and them to do several experiments, and finally determined that except for Lei Mu, who could ignore the distance and enter the hive if he wanted to, the other members, whether it was Jinbao or Xiaoguang, even if they were allowed by Wang Ye to enter and exit freely, must be within five meters of Wang Ye before they could enter the hive.
另外所有成员除了他自己，每次出去的地点都是上次进入虫巢的地点，除非王叶这个虫巢主人干涉。
In addition, all the members except himself, every time they go out, the location is the place where they entered the hive last time, unless Wang Ye, the owner of the hive, interferes.
王叶对这个实验结果很满意，特殊对象有一个就可以了。
Wang Ye was very satisfied with the results of this experiment, and it would be enough to have a special subject.
至于为什么元宇宙钥匙只在雷木身上做了标记，却没有理会其他成员？
As for why the Metaverse Key only marked Raimu's body and ignored the other members?
王叶猜测应该有两个原因。 Wang Ye guessed that there should be two reasons.
原因一，他的个人意愿。 The first reason is his personal will.
原因二……他怀疑上辈子的木木的灵魂可能被吸入了元宇宙钥匙中。
Reason 2...... He suspected that Mu Mu's soul in his previous life might have been sucked into the Metaverse Key.
木木和他师父都是在他面前为他而死，他当时……！ Mu Mu and his master both died for him in front of him, and he was ...... at the time!
他是那么希望两人能重新活过来，他不断把对玩家施展的复活术使用在雷木和师父身上，但没有用。
He wanted the two of them to come back to life, and he kept using the resurrection spell he used on the player on Remu and Master, but it didn't work.
他当时的心情只有真正经历过失去至爱的人才能明白。如有可能，他愿意付出任何代价来让他们复活。
His feelings at that time can only be understood by those who have truly experienced the loss of a loved one. He was willing to pay any price to resurrect them if it was possible.
可能那把元宇宙钥匙感受到了他的心声，把木木和他师父的灵魂也收进了钥匙中？
Maybe the metaverse key felt his heart and put Mu Mu and his master's soul into the key?
而现在钥匙印记出现在雷木身上，会不会上辈子的木木的灵魂也到了雷木身上。
And now that the key mark appears on Lei Mu's body, will the soul of Mu Mu in his previous life also reach Lei Mu's body.
两个灵魂会打架吗？还是会互相融合？就像他和这辈子的自己？
Do two souls fight? Or will they merge with each other? Like him and himself in this life?
“你在想什么？”雷木已经准备去上课，他早上有实战练习课，天不亮就得过去。
"What are you thinking?" Remu was already ready to go to class, he had a combat practice class in the morning, and he had to go there before dawn.
王叶盯着雷木的脸，好奇地问：“木木，你有没有感觉到你的精神核里有另一个存在？”
Wang Ye stared at Lei Mu's face and asked curiously, "Mu Mu, do you feel that there is another existence in your spiritual core?" ”
雷木挑眉，摇头。 Lei Mu raised an eyebrow and shook his head.
“那你有没有觉得你的精神力增加了很多？” "Then do you feel like your mental power has increased a lot?"
雷木同样摇头。 Remu shook his head in the same way.
王叶一时说不出自己是什么滋味，又像是失望，又像是安心。
Wang Ye couldn't say what he felt like for a while, and it seemed like a disappointment, and it seemed like a peace of mind.
雷木莫名想到昨晚睡着后他似乎做了一些很古怪的梦，可惜的是，醒来后，他就不记得了。
Lei Mu inexplicably thought that he seemed to have had some very strange dreams after falling asleep last night, but unfortunately, after waking up, he didn't remember.
“我不知道你在做什么任务，你也不用告诉我，只记住一点，千万小心。早饭在厨房，记得吃。”雷木揉揉王小叶的脑袋，带着趴在他肩头睡得香甜的金宝离开虫巢。
"I don't know what you're doing, and you don't have to tell me, just remember one thing, be careful. Breakfast is in the kitchen, remember to eat. Lei Mu rubbed Wang Xiaoye's head, and left the hive with Jinbao, who was sleeping soundly on his shoulder.
疯药王飘到窗户边，示意王叶开窗。 The Mad Medicine King floated to the window and motioned for Wang Ye to open the window.
王叶给疯药王在小楼也准备了一间卧室，但疯药王更喜欢待在养魂贝身边，王叶也随他去了。
Wang Ye also prepared a bedroom for the Mad Medicine King in Xiaolou, but the Mad Medicine King preferred to stay by the Soul Nourishing Bei, and Wang Ye also went with him.
王叶打开窗户。 Wang Ye opened the window.
疯药王就站在窗外说道：“发芽了，你来。” The Mad Medicine King stood outside the window and said, "It's sprouted, you come." ”
“什么东西发芽了？” "What sprouted?"
一分钟后。 A minute later.
王叶蹲在小山顶上，盯着冒出的一颗小芽芽瞅个不停。 Wang Ye squatted on the top of the hill, staring at a small bud that emerged.
这座小山因为是远古巨兽的心脏所化，大概是能量过于丰富的缘故，反而寸草不生。
This hill was transformed by the heart of an ancient giant beast, probably because of its abundant energy, but it did not grow a single grass.
王叶想在小山上种植药植都没成功，但围绕小山一圈的田地无论栽种什么，都长势良好，总算让王叶心平了一点。
Wang Ye tried to plant medicinal plants on the hill without success, but no matter what was planted in the fields around the hill, they were growing well, which finally made Wang Ye's heart calm a little.
可就这么一座拒绝植物的傲娇山竟然在不知不觉间冒出了一颗小芽芽。
But such a tsundere mountain that rejects plants unknowingly sprouted a small bud.
关键是，这颗小芽芽出现后，王叶发现那枚自己跑到小山里的生命之树的树叶不见了。
The point is that after this little bud appeared, Wang Ye found that the leaf of the tree of life that he had run to the hill was gone.
难不成生命之树在他的虫巢里发芽了？ Could it be that the tree of life has sprouted in his hive?
王叶可不相信世上有这么美好的事情，一片生命之树的树叶竟然变成生命之树的种子，还在精灵族以外的地方发芽成长。
Wang Ye didn't believe that there was such a beautiful thing in the world, a leaf of the Tree of Life turned into a seed of the Tree of Life, and it was still sprouting and growing outside the elf race.
疯药王飘着问：“你在这儿蹲半天了，看出什么了？” The Crazy Medicine King floated and asked, "You've been squatting here for a long time, what do you see?" ”
王叶指了指那颗极为鲜嫩的小芽芽：“你知道这是什么吗？”
Wang Ye pointed to the extremely tender little bud: "Do you know what this is?" ”
疯药王抱臂：“知道，但我为什么要告诉你？” The Mad Medicine King crossed his arms: "I know, but why should I tell you?" ”
“它原来就是一片叶子。”王叶呢喃。 "It turned out to be a leaf." Wang Ye muttered.
疯药王嘲笑道：“别少见多怪了，很多植物只凭叶子也能生根发芽。”
The Mad Medicine King sneered, "Don't be uncommon and weird, many plants can take root and sprout just by their leaves. ”
“可如果它是生命之树的树叶呢。”王叶也不怕疯药王泄露这点，他们之间有契约，而且疯药王现在应该是最不希望他出事的存在之一。更何况小芽芽是疯药王发现的，以他对药植的了解程度，恐怕早就看出那是什么。
"But what if it were the leaves of the tree of life." Wang Ye is not afraid that the Mad Medicine King will reveal this, there is a contract between them, and the Mad Medicine King should be one of the existences who least want him to have an accident now. What's more, Xiao Ya Bud was discovered by the Mad Medicine King, and with his understanding of medicinal plants, I'm afraid he would have already seen what it was.
“不简单嘛，你竟然还能弄来生命之树的树叶。”疯药王也不知是嘲笑还是夸赞地道。
"It's not easy, you can even get the leaves of the Tree of Life." The Mad Medicine King didn't know whether to ridicule or praise.
“可惜这就不是正宗的生命之树。”疯药王突然就扔出了一个暴雷重击。
"It's a pity that this is not the authentic tree of life." The Mad Medicine King suddenly threw a thunderbolt blow.
“啊？”王叶惊：“生命之树还有正宗和不正宗的？这叶子可是精灵送给我的。”
"Huh?" Wang Ye was shocked: "Is there an authentic or inauthentic tree of life?" This leaf was given to me by the elves. ”
“精灵送给你的也不代表它就一定是正宗的生命之树的叶子。”
"Just because the elves gave it to you doesn't mean it's necessarily a leaf of the authentic tree of life."
“你知道什么，说说呗。”王叶撞了撞蹲在他一边的疯药王的肩膀。
"Tell me what you know." Wang Ye bumped the shoulder of the Mad Medicine King who was squatting beside him.
疯药王没有实体，但他故意让自己肩膀晃了晃，像是真被撞到一样：“在说之前，你先告诉我，你昨天一天碰到了什么？”
The Mad Medicine King had no entity, but he deliberately shook his shoulders as if he had really been hit: "Before you say that, you tell me first, what did you encounter yesterday?" ”
“我碰到了很多，从人到植物到动物都有，你要问哪个？”
"I've come across a lot, from people to plants to animals, which one do you ask?"
“能量丰富的，或者和木系精灵，或者和树人有关的。”
"Energy-rich, either related to wood elves or treemen."
王叶这次终于正眼看疯药王：“树人和那片叶子发芽有什么关系？”
Wang Ye finally looked at the Mad Medicine King this time: "What does the tree man have to do with the sprouting of that leaf?" ”
疯药王露出了然的笑，傲然道：“你这是请教人的态度吗？”
The Mad Medicine King smiled and said proudly, "Is this your attitude of asking for advice?" ”
王叶伸了个懒腰，“你想说就说，不想说就不说。时间不早，我还有任务要做，回见。”
Wang Ye stretched, "If you want to say it, you can say it, and if you don't want to say it, don't say it." It's not early, I still have a task to do, see you later. ”
疯药王刚张口喊出一个等字，王叶的身影已经从虫巢消失。
As soon as the mad medicine king opened his mouth and shouted out a word, Wang Ye's figure had disappeared from the hive.
疯药王气得直骂小兔崽子。 The mad medicine king was so angry that he scolded the little rabbit cub.
王叶又突然出现：“你决定要说了吗？” Wang Ye suddenly appeared again: "Have you decided to say it?" ”
“……你师父怎么没掐死你？”疯药王满身阴郁道。 “…… Why didn't your master strangle you? The Mad Medicine King said gloomily.
王叶耸耸肩：“也许是我师父特别爱我，还有就是我特别天才？”
Wang Ye shrugged: "Maybe my master loves me very much, and I am a special genius?" ”
疯药王：“……你真碰到树人了？” Mad Medicine King: "...... Did you really run into a treeman? ”
王叶：“正在转化中，但没有转化成功的树人算不算？”
Wang Ye: "Is it considered a tree person who is in the process of transformation, but has not successfully transformed?" ”
疯药王眼中闪过一丝渴求之色，“你运气真好，竟然碰到转化中的自然树人。通常自然树人转化途中，会释放出一种极为特殊的能量，这种能量可以孕育和激发某些特殊植物发芽和成长。”
A hint of longing flashed in the Mad Medicine King's eyes, "You're so lucky to have met a transforming natural treeman. Normally, during the transformation of natural treants, a very special energy will be released, which can give birth to and stimulate the germination and growth of certain special plants. ”
王叶偏头：“特殊植物？难不成野草也是特殊植物？那转化的树木周围，就野草长得特别好。”
Wang Ye tilted his head: "Special plants? Could it be that weeds are also special plants? And around the transformed trees, the weeds grew very well. ”
疯药王翻了个大大的白眼：“无知！这世上就没有野草，只有你没有种植、但它自己长出来的植物。你别小看野草，很多新发现的特殊药植都是从野草中找出来的。就算你口中普通的野草，那也只是你还没有找到它的真正用途，安知道那些野草就不是特殊植物？”
The Mad Medicine King rolled his eyes widely: "Ignorance! There are no weeds in this world, only plants that you don't grow, but that grow on their own. Don't underestimate weeds, many of the newly discovered special medicinal plants are found from weeds. Even if you talk about ordinary weeds, it's just that you haven't found its true use yet, and Ann knows that those weeds are not special plants? ”
“好吧，那就是这枚生命之树的树叶发出的小芽芽等同于那些野草。”王叶改口。
"Well, that's the little bud sprouts from the leaves of this tree of life, which are equivalent to those weeds." Wang Ye changed his words.
疯药王总觉得这句话不太对头，瞪了王叶，道：“这棵小芽的原植株是也叫生命之树，但就和树人族、兽人族、海族等族所拥有的生命之树一样，这些树木的名字只是和真生命之树相同，实际却相差很远。”
The Mad Medicine King always felt that this sentence was not right, glared at Wang Ye, and said: "The original plant of this little bud is also called the Tree of Life, but it is the same as the Tree of Life owned by the Tree Race, the Orc Race, the Sea Clan and other races, the names of these trees are just the same as the True Tree of Life, but they are actually very different. ”
疯药王指了指那棵小芽芽：“真正的生命之树可不是这种小东西。”
The Mad Medicine King pointed to the little bud: "The real tree of life is not such a small thing. ”
“真正的生命之树到底是什么样？”王叶问。 "What does the real tree of life look like?" Wang Ye asked.
疯药王：“我不能说，我立过誓。如果你想知道真正的生命之树是什么样，就去找精灵王和他们的大祭司，他们才是最熟悉真生命之树的。”
Mad Medicine King: "I can't say, I swore an oath. If you want to know what the true Tree of Life looks like, go to the Elven King and their High Priest, who are the most familiar with the True Tree of Life. ”
“这么说，这棵小芽虽然不是真正的生命之树，但它的功效和精灵族认识中的生命之树一样？”
"So, although this little bud is not a real tree of life, its effect is the same as the tree of life in the elves?"
疯药王脸上现出嘲讽之色：“精灵族的认知？精灵族对生命之树的认知早就混淆了，这才导致很多普通精灵族都把这种伪货当真货。”
A mocking look appeared on the Mad Medicine King's face: "Elven Clan's cognition? The elves' perception of the tree of life has long been confused, which has led to many ordinary elves treating this kind of counterfeit as genuine. ”
“伪货也没关系，只要它有传说中生命之树的效用，比如起死回生、返老还童、留住青春、提升资质等等。”
"It doesn't matter if it's fake, as long as it has the utility of the legendary tree of life, such as resurrection, rejuvenation, retaining youth, improving qualifications, and so on."
“做梦！” "Dreaming!"
“那伪货有什么效用？它如果效用不好，也不会被精灵族当做真货并当做宝。”
"What is the utility of a fake? If it doesn't work well, it won't be treated as real and treasured by the elves. ”
疯药王满是嫌弃地道：“你一定没仔细看我写的那本药典，这些知识我都写了。”
The Mad Medicine King said with disgust: "You must not have carefully read the pharmacopoeia I wrote, I wrote all this knowledge." ”
王叶承认：“那药典辣么多内容，我得到它才多久？我哪可能现在就全部看完并掌握？我只是天才不是神。”
Wang Ye admitted: "There are so many contents in the pharmacopoeia, how long have I been getting it?" How could I possibly read it all and grasp it all right now? I'm just a genius, not a god. ”
疯药王想呸他：“伪货好歹也是传说中的十级药植，它的功效很多，不过你之前说的四种，它都没有，或效用极小。”
The Mad Medicine King wanted to smack at him: "The counterfeit is also a legendary tenth-level medicinal plant, and it has many effects, but the four you mentioned before, it has none of them, or it has very little effect." ”
王叶大喜，握拳：“赚了！” Wang Ye was overjoyed and clenched his fists: "Earned!" ”
疯药王就看不得王小叶骄傲开心，打击他：“伪货生命之树发芽只是刚开始，想让它成长起来，你那座小山里储蓄的能量就别想要了，就算如此，伪货生命之树也不是那么好培植的。如果你能请来木系精灵或者树人，也许这小芽还有培养成功的可能性，大概长个一百年就能为你所用。”
The Crazy Medicine King couldn't see Wang Xiaoye's pride and happiness, and hit him: "The sprouting of the Counterfeit Tree of Life is just the beginning, if you want it to grow, don't want the energy stored in your hill, even so, the Counterfeit Tree of Life is not so easy to cultivate." If you can invite a wood elf or a tree man, maybe this little bud still has the possibility of successful cultivation, and it will be used for you in about a hundred years. ”
“你说要让这棵伪货长大，我得把一座山的能量都喂给它？还得给它找个专业保姆？再等上一百年？”王叶脸色变黑，嗯，他本来就很黑，现在更黑。
疯药王幸灾乐祸地笑：“对。但如果你真能把这么一棵树培养出来，它一片叶子就能换到大额财产，不过也要你能培养起来才行。这棵树越到后面需要的能量越多，否则很容易死掉哦。”
王叶二话不说，掏出一把小铲子就开始挖那株小芽。
疯药王脸上打出问号，更有些呆滞，“你在干什么？”
王叶毫不犹豫地道：“挖了它！” Wang Ye said without hesitation: "Dig it!" ”
“你要挖了一株外面几乎找不到的十级药植幼苗？”疯药王惊诧地嗓音都拐弯了。
"You're going to dig up a Grade 10 medicinal plant seedling that you can barely find outside?" The Mad Medicine King's voice turned in surprise.
“是。反正它又不是真正的生命之树。”及时止损才是王道！王叶真把小芽芽连根带苗挖了出来。
"Yes. It's not really a tree of life anyway. "Timely stop loss is king! Wang Yezhen dug out the small buds with roots and seedlings.
一条根比较深，直接进入山体中心。 One root is relatively deep and goes directly into the center of the mountain.
但遇到这个空间的主人，苗根钻得再深也没用，王叶一个念头，根就取出来了。
But when encountering the owner of this space, no matter how deep the seedling roots drilled, it was useless, and Wang Ye took out the roots with a thought.
“喂，你要把这棵珍贵至极的十级药植幼苗拿去哪里？”疯药王连声喊着王叶，可王叶这次是真走了。
"Hey, where are you going to take this extremely precious Grade 10 medicinal plant seedling?" The mad medicine king shouted Wang Ye repeatedly, but Wang Ye really left this time.
王叶从静心茶山顶爬起来，乘坐魔板飞到山下棚屋工作室。
Wang Ye got up from the top of Jingxin Tea Mountain and flew to the shed studio at the bottom of the mountain on the magic board.
打开门，王叶就再度发现了惊喜。 When he opened the door, Wang Ye found a surprise again.
这个惊喜可比那伪货生命之树树叶发芽让他开心多了。 This surprise made him much happier than the sprouting leaves of the counterfeit Tree of Life.
昨天被他用得一干二净的培植液材料又出现了，而且份量增加了好多好多。
The cultivation liquid material that he had used up all of yesterday appeared again, and the amount had increased much.
王叶淹没在被不要钱材料包围的幸福中。 Wang Ye drowned in happiness surrounded by moneyless materials.
还好他回神早，赶在副园长找来之前，先用了三分之一的材料制作出适合静心茶的培植液，剩下的三分之二培植材料全都给他收了起来。
Fortunately, he came back to his senses early, and before the deputy director found him, he used one-third of the materials to make a cultivation liquid suitable for meditation tea, and the remaining two-thirds of the cultivation materials were all put away for him.
王叶觉得自己太实诚，以至于差点忘了成功率的问题。 Wang Ye felt that he was so sincere that he almost forgot about the success rate.
他成功率高，浪费的材料自然就近乎没有。可学院那些普通培植学徒，三五次实验能成功一次就算是牛人。
He has a high success rate, and the wasted materials are almost non-existent. But those ordinary cultivation apprentices in the academy can be regarded as cattle if they can succeed once in three or five experiments.
有了成功率这个保护伞，王叶也不怕被人发觉他挪用药园的材料给他自己炼制培植液——那么多药材消失，自然是因为他炼制失败了嘛。
With the umbrella of the success rate, Wang Ye was not afraid of being found out that he had appropriated the materials of the medicinal garden for him to refine the cultivation liquid himself—so many medicinal materials disappeared, naturally because he failed to refine them.
特意留了一些培植液，王叶留下小光和浮游光虫群帮他浇茶叶苗，自己则揣着那伪货苗苗，脚踩魔板飞向昨天发现树人的树林。
Deliberately left some cultivation liquid, Wang Ye left Xiaoguang and a swarm of floating light insects to help him water the tea seedlings, and he carried the fake seedlings, and flew to the forest where the tree man was found yesterday.
香云树感觉到他的气息，树枝立刻伸过来，缠住王叶的手腕。
Xiangyun Shu felt his breath, and the branch immediately reached over and wrapped around Wang Ye's wrist.
王叶唰地掏出一颗根系极为发达的嫩芽。 Wang Ye took out a young shoot with an extremely developed root system.
“别说你兄弟我小气，你不是需要能量吗？呐，这里有一株据说是十级的魔植幼苗，如果你能吸收它，你的转化成功率也会更高吧？”
"Don't say you're stingy, brother, don't you need energy? Now, here's a demon plant seedling that is said to be level 10, if you can absorb it, your conversion success rate will be even higher, right? ”
香云树大喜，树枝卷过伪货生命之树的树芽，就往自己的根部填。
The fragrant cloud tree was overjoyed, and the branches rolled through the buds of the counterfeit tree of life, and filled in its roots.
另一头，一名背部微驼的老头顺着田埂慢慢地向前走。 At the other end, an old man with a slightly hunched back slowly walked forward along the ridge.
他不是不能使用魔法或魔板来代路，但他需要思考一些事情，走路对他就很适合。
It's not that he can't use magic or magic boards to do it, but he needs to think about something, and walking suits him well.
可老头想了半天都想不明白，他怎么会就这么上了那小崽子的大当，竟然报酬分文不取还倒贴地帮那小子炼制药剂。
But the old man couldn't understand after thinking for a long time, how could he fall for that little cub like this, and even help that kid refine potions without taking a penny.
好吧，那份药方勉强可以和报酬与材料的价值抵消。 Well, the prescription can barely be offset by the value of the reward and materials.
但为什么他还是觉得自己吃亏了？ But why does he still feel that he has suffered a loss?
老头想了一会儿，想明白了：因为他还没有把那个小黑孩给捞到自己碗里。
The old man thought for a while, and then he understood: because he hadn't scooped the little black boy into his bowl yet.
如果那小孩说的是真，那小孩可就是独立研究出了一个三级魔药配方，还是有可能阶段性破解千木之毒的三级魔药。
If what the kid said was true, then the kid had independently researched a third-level potion formula, and it was still possible to crack the third-level potion of the poison of a thousand trees in stages.
这样的天才当然要让他……去研究虫子才对。 Such a genius certainly has to make him ...... It's right to study bugs.
副园长大人也正在溜溜达达地往昨天那片野草地走，途中他会经过静心茶山，也会顺便看看那些茶苗长得怎样。
The deputy garden elder is also walking towards the wild grass field of yesterday, and on the way he will pass by the meditation tea mountain, and will also stop by to see how the tea seedlings grow.
第139章 被发现 Chapter 139: Discovered
“你在干什么！”一声爆吼突然响起。 "What are you doing!" A roar suddenly rang out.
随即就有一条人影快速闪到王叶身边，伸手就去跟香云树抢夺那株十级幼苗。
Immediately, a figure quickly flashed to Wang Ye's side, and reached out to snatch the tenth-level seedling from Xiangyun Tree.
王叶往后退了一步，只看来者速度，他就知道他很可能不是这人的对手，那也就没必要硬冲上去自讨苦吃。
Wang Ye took a step back, just looking at his speed, he knew that he was probably not this person's opponent, so there was no need to rush forward and ask for hardship.
反正这位抢的是香云树的口粮，就让香云树对付他好了。
Anyway, this one grabbed Xiangyunshu's rations, so let Xiangyunshu deal with him.
香云树正是最需要能量的时候，一看竟有人来树口夺食，哪能忍耐，全身树枝都飞舞起来，拼命抽打来人。
Xiangyun Tree is the time when it needs energy the most, and when it saw that someone came to the mouth of the tree to grab food, how could it be patient, and the branches of the whole body flew up, desperately whipping people.
“见鬼，这是什么树？香云树怎么会变异？”来人被抽得连连后退。
"Hell, what kind of tree is this? How did the Xiangyun Tree mutate? The people who came were drawn back again and again.
香云树见对方离开攻击范围，立刻静止不动，它要节省能量。
Seeing that the opponent left the attack range, Xiangyunshu immediately stood still, it wanted to save energy.
来人看搞不定香云树，立刻瞄上了王叶，一指王叶鼻子：“我问你，这里是怎么回事？你那株幼苗哪里来的，为什么要给那株香云树？还有那株树是怎么回事？”
The people who came couldn't figure out Xiangyunshu, and immediately aimed at Wang Ye and pointed at Wang Ye's nose: "Let me ask you, what's going on here?" Where did you get that seedling, and why did you give it to that fragrant cloud tree? And what's going on with that tree? ”
对方不客气，王叶自然也不会给予好脸色：“你谁啊？知不知道用手指指人很不礼貌？你家大人没教你，学校没教你吗？还有我拿我自己种的药植喂养要跟随我的药植，关你屁事！”
The other party was not polite, and Wang Ye naturally did not give a good face: "Who are you?" Did you know that pointing a finger at someone is rude? Didn't the adults in your family teach you, didn't the school teach you? And I feed my own medicinal plants to follow my medicinal plants, it's your business! ”
来人没想到这个穿着新生校服的小孩竟然这么刺头，人都愣住了。
The people who came didn't expect this child wearing a freshman uniform to be so prickly, and everyone was stunned.
“你！很好，你叫什么名字？哪个学院的？” "You! Very good, what's your name? Which college? ”
“你！很好，你叫什么名字？哪个学院的？”王叶把同样的问话砸回来人。
"You! Very good, what's your name? Which college? Wang Ye smashed the same question back.
来人怒瞪王叶：“你知不知道我是你的学长？” The person who came glared at Wang Ye angrily: "Do you know that I am your senior?" ”
“你知不知道我是你的学弟，懂不懂叫敬老爱幼？”王叶抱臂道：“你不会要对我动手吧？高年级生出手对付手无缚鸡之力的一年级新生，不知道学校知道这件事会怎么处理？”
"Do you know that I am your junior, do you know what it means to respect the old and love the young?" Wang Ye crossed his arms and said, "You won't do anything to me, will you?" The senior student took action against the helpless first-year freshman, I wonder how the school will deal with it if it knows about it? ”
小兔崽子！这么小一个，却比他还嚣张。来人深吸一口气，忍怒道：“我接了学校调查药园异常的任务，现在我怀疑你和这株树很可能和药园发生的一些古怪事情有关，麻烦学弟你跟我走一趟。”
Little Bunny! Such a small one, but more arrogant than him. The person who came took a deep breath and said angrily: "I took over the task of investigating the abnormality of the medicine garden, and now I suspect that you and this tree are likely to have something to do with some strange things that happened in the medicine garden, please come with me, junior brother." ”
“走一趟干嘛？” "Why are you going to take a trip?"
“当然是接受调查。” "Investigated, of course."
“你说我有问题，我就有问题？你让我跟你走，我就必须跟你走？你是学校执法者？还是获得了学校的特别许可？要是有，证明拿来给我看。要是没有，哪边凉快，麻烦学长就到哪边去。”
"You say I have a problem, I have a problem? If you let me go with you, I have to go with you? Are you a school enforcer? Or did you get special permission from the school? If so, show me the certificate. If not, whichever side is cooler, the troublesome senior will go to whichever side. ”
库尔特要气炸了。他第一次见到敢对他这样不敬的新生，如果这不是校内……
Kurt was going to blow up. It was the first time he had seen a freshman who dared to be so disrespectful to him, if this wasn't the school's ......
“你知不知道我是谁？” "Do you know who I am?"
王叶呵呵：“你谁啊，脸上刻字了吗？” Wang Ye hehe: "Who are you, have you engraved words on your face?" ”
“你等着！”库尔特深深盯了王叶一眼，拿出魔板就快速离开。
"You wait!" Kurt stared at Wang Ye deeply, took out the magic board and left quickly.
他要把这里的事去上报给副园长知道。 He had to report the matter to the deputy director.
他调查好一阵子了，好不容易才发现这么一点异常，怎么可能放过？
He has been investigating for a while, and finally found such an anomaly, how can he let it go?
其他不说，只那棵会抽人的树就有很大问题。虽说一般中高级魔植都不太好惹，有些魔植就跟半魔兽一样，攻击性特别强。但这可是香云树啊！
If nothing else, the tree that will pump people is a big problem. Although generally mid-to-high-level demon plants are not easy to mess with, some demon plants are like half-demon beasts, and they are particularly aggressive. But this is a fragrant cloud tree!
他从来没听说过香云树会变成魔植，还是能攻击别人的高级魔植。
He had never heard of the Xiangyun Tree turning into a demon plant, or a high-level demon plant that could attack others.
有问题，太有问题了！ Problematic, so problematic!
说来库尔特今天也是巧了，他白天没能找到异状，就想着晚上碰碰运气，昨晚他半夜出来在药园中查探，但一路上都没碰到什么古怪事情，除了半路感觉特别困乏，靠着路边石头打了个盹。
Last night he came out in the middle of the night to investigate in the medicine garden, but he didn't encounter anything strange along the way, except that he felt very sleepy halfway and took a nap against the roadside stones.
打盹醒来已经是天亮，可能坐着打盹的缘故，他感到腰酸背疼就打算回去补眠，却发现一个新生正操纵魔板飞向小树林。
It was already dawn when he woke up from a nap, probably because he was sitting and napping, he felt a sore back and was about to go back to make up for sleep, but found a freshman who was flying towards the grove with the magic board.
而这边一向荒僻，很多药田都处在暂时无人打理的状态，他曾经就此点询问过药园中的工作人员，才知道这一大片药田的土壤出了问题。
This side has always been deserted, and many medicine fields are in a state of temporary unattended, and he once asked the staff in the medicine garden about this point, only to know that there is a problem with the soil of this large medicine field.
这一大片土壤不论浇多少培植液，都无法改善土壤的情况，反而是培植液浇得越多，土壤就越贫瘠，到最后药植都长得稀稀拉拉半死不活，反而是野草和一些隔断林树木长得郁郁葱葱。
No matter how much cultivation solution is poured on this large area of soil, it will not improve the condition of the soil, but the more the cultivation solution is watered, the poorer the soil will become, and in the end the medicinal plants will grow sparsely and half-dead, but the weeds and some partition forest trees will grow lushly.
药园也派人来查过这片土地土壤的变化是因何造成，可惜什么都没查到。
库尔特当时就对这片药田产生了一点怀疑，但他来这边看过两次，什么都没发现。
Kurt was a little suspicious of the field at the time, but he came here twice and found nothing.
谁想到一大清早会看到一个新生往这边跑，出于直觉，库尔特就跟了过来。
Who would have thought that a freshman would be seen running this way early in the morning, and out of instinct, Kurt followed.
然后他就看到那新生进入一片小树林，手摸着一株香云树的树干念叨了什么，那树竟然还伸出一根枝条缠住他的手臂，之后那新生还凭空拿出一颗像是刚发芽的植株。
Then he saw the newborn enter a grove of trees, and his hand touched the trunk of a fragrant cloud tree, and the tree even stretched out a branch around his arm, and then the newborn took out a plant that seemed to have just sprouted.
当时他就觉得古怪，同时兴奋起来，他猜想他可能发现了什么重要事件现场。
He was surprised and excited at the same time, and he wondered if he might have discovered something important.
随即，那棵香云树竟然就卷起那株幼苗填往树底根部。 Immediately, the fragrant cloud tree actually rolled up the seedling and filled it to the base of the tree.
就在那一刹那，可能是那幼苗在自救，竟然瞬间散发出高等魔植才会有的魔力波动。
At that moment, it may have been that the seedling was saving itself, and it instantly emitted a magic fluctuation that only high-level demon plants can have.
库尔特一感觉到那幼苗是高等魔植，哪还能忍得住，当即就冲了出去。
As soon as Kurt felt that the seedling was a high-level demon plant, how could he bear it, and immediately rushed out.
王叶看库尔特离开，立马对香云树道：“你呆在这里已经不安全，有人发现你了。他们可不一定会像我一样为了让你成功转化，不惜把十级魔植的幼苗都喂给你。我想等会儿可能会有更多人过来，他们很可能会抢夺那株十级幼苗，同时……他们会怎么对你我也不知道。要么你跑吧？”
Wang Ye saw Kurt leave, and immediately said to Xiangyunshu: "It's not safe for you to stay here, someone has found you." They may not hesitate to feed you all the seedlings of the tenth-level demon plant in order to make you successfully transformed, like me. I think there might be more people coming over later, and they're probably going to snatch the Grade 10 seedling, and at the same time, ...... I don't know what they're going to do to you. Or you run, right? ”
香云树急，伸出树枝勾住王叶的手腕。它现在正是转变最关键时刻，根本无法离开扎根的土壤。
Xiangyun Shu was in a hurry, stretching out a branch to hook Wang Ye's wrist. It is now at the most critical moment of transformation, and it simply cannot leave the soil in which it has taken root.
王叶叹息：“你没办法跑路吗？也许我可以帮你，但我也不知道能不能成功。”
Wang Ye sighed: "Can't you run away?" Maybe I can help you, but I don't know if I can make it. ”
香云树：“救……我……，报答……你。” Xiangyunshu: "Save ...... I ...... and repay ...... You. ”
王叶嘴巴上客气，眼睛亮亮地说：“你要报答我啊，哎，其实我也不是真的要你报答，只是我帮你到现在已经付出了那么大代价，让我哥和我师父知道我付出这么多却什么收获都没有，他们一定会揍我。这样吧，我有一个办法，说不定能彻底帮到你，同时也能让你报答我，但又不会损害到你。”
Wang Ye was polite on his lips, and his eyes were bright and said: "You want to repay me, hey, in fact, I don't really want you to repay me, it's just that I have paid so much for you so far, so that my brother and my master know that I have paid so much but have gained nothing, and they will definitely beat me." Well, I have a way that may be able to help you completely, and at the same time allow you to repay me, but without harming you. ”
香云树传出催促的情绪。 Xiangyun Tree sent out a urging emotion.
王叶这才说道：“我有一个空间，可以种植植物，里面有个能量丰富的湖泊，还有一大片种植区，我可以把你移栽到那里，也会尽力帮你转化成树人。等你成功转化后，我也不要你怎么特别报答我，只要你答应和我签一份百年的专属种植师契约就可以。”
Wang Ye then said: "I have a space where I can grow plants, there is an energy-rich lake in it, and a large planting area, I can transplant you there, and I will try my best to help you transform into a tree man." After you successfully transform, I don't want you to repay me in any special way, as long as you promise to sign a hundred-year-old exclusive planter contract with me. ”
“种植师……”香云树有点不太懂。
王叶解释：“种植师就是帮我种植药植、农作物。很简单的，而且期间我可以提供培植液和你成长需要的能量，也就是给你发酬劳。你做得越好，我给你酬劳就越多。不是奴隶契约，就是一份帮忙打工的工作契约，但只能为我做事。你要不想干了，把我当初付给你的资源双倍偿还给我，你随时可以离开。怎么样，我这要求不算过分吧？”
Wang Ye explained: "The planter is to help me grow medicinal plants and crops. It's very simple, and I can provide the cultivation liquid and the energy you need to grow during this period, which means that I will pay you. The better you do, the more I'll pay you. It's not a slave contract, it's a job contract to help with the work, but it can only do things for me. If you don't want to do it, pay me back double the resources I paid you in the first place, and you can leave at any time. Well, I'm not asking too much, is it? ”
香云树仔细思考了半分钟，果断同意。 Xiangyunshu thought carefully for half a minute and decisively agreed.
噼里啪啦！劳工万岁！王叶心里燃放了十万响鞭炮，立刻颠颠地帮香云树开始移植。
Cracking sound! Long live the laborers! Wang Ye set off 100,000 firecrackers in his heart, and immediately helped the Xiangyun tree start transplanting.
王叶的小算盘打得啪啪响。与其浪费大量能量种植一株不知道什么时候才能回本的伪生命之树，他还不如把这些能量用来培养一个树人。
Wang Ye's little abacus crackled. Instead of wasting a lot of energy to plant a pseudo-tree of life that doesn't know when it will return to its roots, he might as well use this energy to cultivate a tree man.
有了树人，他就相当于拥有了一个专业培植师团队。到时一株高级魔植算什么，他以后会拥有源源不断的低中高级无数魔植！哈哈哈~
With Tree Man, he is equivalent to having a team of professional cultivators. At that time, a high-level demon plant is nothing, and he will have a steady stream of low, middle, and high-level countless demon plants in the future! Hahaha~
库尔特在途中就找到了副园长。 Kurt found the deputy director on the way.
副园长正在查看一座静心茶山，只看他的表情，就知道他对这座茶山的茶苗变化异常满意。
The deputy director was inspecting a meditation tea mountain, and just by looking at his expression, he knew that he was extremely satisfied with the changes in the tea seedlings of this tea mountain.
经过一夜的发酵，原本看起来很疏落的茶山开始有点绿满山头之感。
After a night of fermentation, the tea hills, which originally looked sparse, began to feel a little green and full of mountains.
副园长上山之前还去了山脚下的棚屋工作室，没在里面看到王叶，却看到王叶放在桌子上的培植液，还有屋角四个或躺或坐呼呼大睡的打工人。
Before going up the mountain, the deputy director also went to the shed studio at the foot of the mountain, and did not see Wang Ye inside, but saw the cultivation liquid that Wang Ye put on the table, and the four migrant workers in the corner of the house who were lying or sitting and sleeping.
副园长下意识忽略了那些正在睡觉的外来任务者，他看到桌上摆放的培植液，发现品质还是和昨天一样优秀，再看刚送来的材料已经被全部用完，屋内摆放的那几个大桶也不见了，当即就露出欣慰的笑容。
The deputy director subconsciously ignored the external taskers who were sleeping, he saw the cultivation liquid on the table, and found that the quality was still as good as yesterday, and then saw that the materials just sent had been used up, and the large barrels placed in the room were gone, and he immediately showed a relieved smile.
真是一个勤快又优秀的好孩子。 What a good boy who is diligent and excellent.
副园长以为王叶在山上忙碌，就上山了，一边上山一边观察茶苗的生长情况，真是越看越满意。
The deputy director thought that Wang Ye was busy on the mountain, so he went up the mountain, and observed the growth of tea seedlings while going up the mountain, and the more he looked, the more satisfied he became.
奇怪的是王叶并不在茶山上，但他看到了放培植液的木桶，有两桶培植液还没用完，就放在山路边上，浇灌的工具都在，就是没人。
The strange thing is that Wang Ye is not on the tea mountain, but he saw the wooden barrel where the cultivation liquid was placed, and two barrels of cultivation liquid have not been used up, so they are placed on the side of the mountain road, and the watering tools are all there, but there is no one.
根据浇灌痕迹来看，这次王叶好像是从山下往山顶进行茶苗培育。
Judging from the watering traces, this time Wang Ye seems to have cultivated tea seedlings from the bottom of the mountain to the top of the mountain.
但为什么只浇灌了一半就不见人影了？ But why is it only half-watered and then gone?
难道那孩子害怕迟到，已经赶去那片荒田？ Could it be that the boy was afraid of being late, and had already rushed to the barren field?
副园长哪里知道，负责浇灌茶苗的压根就不是人，而是一群虫子。
How did the deputy director know that the person responsible for watering the tea seedlings was not a person at all, but a group of insects.
小光受到昨天被驼背老头发现并差点杀死的教训，今天一看到有陌生人过来，当即就率领虫群躲了起来。
Xiaoguang learned the lesson of being found and almost killed by the hunchbacked old man yesterday, and as soon as he saw a stranger coming over today, he immediately led the swarm to hide.
“副园长！” "Deputy Director!"
副园长正要去那片荒地找王叶，却听到有人喊他。 The deputy director was about to go to the wasteland to find Wang Ye, but he heard someone calling him.
转头一看，就看到一名眼熟的高年级生，随后想起这个学生领了调查药园异常的任务。
When he turned his head, he saw a familiar senior student, and then remembered that this student had been tasked with investigating the anomaly in the medicine garden.
“副园长，我发现了一个形迹可疑的学生和一株古怪的树。”库尔特操纵魔板落下，快速说道。
"Deputy Principal, I spotted a suspicious-looking student and a strange tree." Kurt manipulated the magic board to fall and said quickly.
“哦？” "Oh?"
库尔特完全没看出副园长急着想要离开的心情，他很恭敬地把他看到的事情特别详细地说了一遍，重点描述那新生小孩用一株很可能是高级魔植的幼苗喂养一株怪树。
Kurt didn't see the deputy headmaster's eagerness to leave, and he respectfully recounted what he had seen in great detail, focusing on the newborn child feeding a strange tree with a seedling that was likely to be a high-grade magic plant.
“我怀疑那是一株魔树，那新生也有可能是天生魔种，他长得就很奇怪，而且他还干出用高等魔植喂养一颗香云树的事情来。”库尔特还仔细形容了王叶的长相，说得特别可怕。
"I suspect it's a demon tree, and that new student may also be born with a demon seed, he looks very strange, and he also did something to feed a Xiangyun tree with a high-grade demon plant." Kurt also carefully described Wang Ye's appearance, which was particularly terrifying.
“新生？小孩？浑身青黑？额头有包？” "Freshmen? Child? Covered in blue? Got a bag on the forehead? ”
“对！”库尔特一听问话的声音不对，转头一看，发现了一名背部微驼的老人。
"Yes!" When Kurt heard that the voice of the question was wrong, he turned his head and found an old man with a slightly hunched back.
副园长看到老人，有点惊讶他怎么会到这里来，但还是点头施礼：“虫老。”
When the deputy director saw the old man, he was a little surprised how he came here, but he still nodded: "Worm old." ”
库尔特一听老人竟然是那位大名鼎鼎的虫老，顿时激动了。
When Kurt heard that the old man turned out to be the famous worm elder, he was immediately excited.
传说这位原本是一位药帅级的药师，曾经也做过学校教授，但后来不知为何，他突然不愿再教学生，也不再想研究魔药，而是转去玩虫子去了。
Legend has it that this pharmacist, who was originally a medicine handsome, used to be a school professor, but then for some reason, he suddenly did not want to teach students anymore, and no longer wanted to study potions, but turned to playing with bugs.
之后这位虫老就进入药园，成了药园中的一位传说级人物。
After that, the insect elder entered the medicine garden and became a legendary figure in the medicine garden.
很多来药园做任务的学生都很想得到这位的指点，如果能被其收为弟子更好，可惜……
Many students who come to the medicine garden to do tasks are very eager to get this person's guidance, and it would be better if they could be accepted as disciples, but it's a pity......
这位虫老脾性古怪，对虫子的兴趣要比对人的大得多。 This worm has an eccentric temperament, and is much more interested in bugs than in people.
虫老没理会库尔特，他转头打量这座种满了静心茶的小山，看到放在一边的培养液木桶和木勺等物，嘴角似乎动了动。
Ignoring Kurt, he turned his head to look at the hill full of meditation tea, and the corners of his mouth seemed to move when he saw the wooden barrel and wooden spoon of culture liquid placed on the side.
天知道昨天他看到一群虫子抬着木勺在给静心茶浇灌培植液时有多惊讶。
God knows how surprised he was when he saw a swarm of insects carrying wooden spoons and pouring cultivation liquid on the meditation tea yesterday.
等他走到近前，发现虫子还不是普通虫子，而很有可能是一群什么都吃的远古魔虫，那惊讶更是遮掩不住。
When he got closer, he found that the insects were not ordinary insects, but most likely a group of ancient demon insects that ate everything, and the surprise could not be concealed.
听过看过虫子吃植物，但他还真的没有听过、更没有看到过虫子会培育植物。
He'd heard of insects eating plants, but he hadn't really heard of them, let alone seen them grow plants.
后来知道这群虫子是那怪小子契约的，他这才明白为什么那群魔虫会干出这么有违常理的事情。
Later, he learned that this group of insects was contracted by the strange boy, and he understood why those demon insects would do such a contrary thing.
而现在看这架势，那些虫子八成又被那小鬼指使着干活，但看到有人过来就躲起来了。
And now looking at this posture, those insects are eighty percent instructed by the little ghost to work, but when they see someone coming, they hide.
“虫老，您在笑什么？”副园长感到奇怪。他能感觉到这位脾气古怪的大佬今天心情似乎很不错。
"Worm Lao, what are you laughing at?" The deputy principal wondered. He could feel that this strange-tempered big guy seemed to be in a good mood today.
虫老：“我在想某个小鬼怪不得能指使一群虫子给他干活，他连我都敢指使，还有什么做不出来的。”
Worm Boss: "I was thinking that a certain little ghost can't instruct a group of bugs to work for him, he even dares to instruct me, what else can't be done." ”
副园长和库尔特都不是很懂这句话的背景，但副园长莫名就从小鬼两字上联系到了王叶身上。
Neither the deputy director nor Kurt understood the background of this sentence, but the deputy director inexplicably connected to Wang Ye from the word little ghost.
“虫老说的小鬼是？”副园长问。 "Who is the little ghost that the worm said?" The deputy director asked.
虫老用下巴指了指库尔特：“就是他说的那个像是活尸怀疑是魔种的新生。”
The worm pointed at Kurt with his chin: "It's the new student he said who looks like a living corpse and suspects that it is a demon seed." ”
库尔特：“……”好像有点不妙？ Kurt: "......" seems a little bit bad?
副园长笑：“听起来虫老认识那名新生？” The deputy principal smiled: "Sounds like the worm knows the freshman?" ”
“是啊，他是我暂定的弟子。”虫老淡淡道。 "Yes, he is my provisional disciple." The insect elder said lightly.
副园长瞬间变色：“弟子？我怎么不知道这件事？” The deputy head of the garden instantly changed color: "Disciple? How did I not know about this? ”
虫老挑眉：“我收弟子为什么要告诉你？” The insect elder raised his eyebrows: "Why did I accept a disciple to tell you?" ”
副园长呵呵：“那当然是因为那孩子是我的学生，是我培植专业的。”
The deputy director hehe: "Of course, that's because that child is my student and my cultivation major." ”
“培植？你让一个才十岁不到就能独立研究出三级魔药配方的天才魔药师去学培植？你是浪费他时间，还是想毁掉他？”虫老一听有人要跟自己抢弟子……明明都还没定下来，语气和神色瞬间就变得犀利。
"Cultivation? You asked a genius potions master who was less than ten years old to independently research a third-level potion recipe to learn and cultivate? Are you wasting his time, or are you trying to ruin him? "As soon as the worm heard that someone was going to rob him of disciples...... Obviously, before he was decided, his tone and expression instantly became sharp.
三级魔药配方？副园长心惊。但副园长听虫老如此诋毁培植专业，也不爽：“我们培植怎么了？培植就是一切的基础，没有培植，哪来你们魔药师耀武扬威？哦，包括您老养虫子都需要大量药植吧。”
Level 3 potion recipe? The deputy director was shocked. But the deputy director was not happy when he heard that the old worm was so slanderous about the cultivation profession: "What's wrong with our cultivation?" Cultivation is the foundation of everything, without cultivation, how can you potions masters show off their might? Oh, and even your old bugs need a lot of medicinal plants. ”
虫老点头：“你说得没错，是我的错，培植学科确实很重要，让那小子跟你学一点培植知识也是很好的，可以更好地为研究虫子和炼制魔药打基础。”
Worm Lao nodded: "You're right, it's my fault, the cultivation discipline is indeed very important, and it's good to let that kid learn a little cultivation knowledge from you, so that you can better lay the foundation for studying bugs and refining potions." ”
副园长脸上忽然浮起得体的微笑：“不好意思，那孩子已经答应我会代表我培植专业参加各校的专业大比，同时我也答应收他为弟子传授他汲草术等专业培植术。至于他要不要学魔药制作和玩虫子……我是个很开明的教授，只要他愿意学，随便他，不过我相信那孩子知道哪头更重要。”
A decent smile suddenly appeared on the deputy principal's face: "I'm sorry, that kid has promised that I will represent my cultivation major to participate in the professional competitions of various schools, and at the same time, I have also promised to accept him to teach his disciples his cultivation techniques such as grass cultivation." As for whether he wants to learn potions-making and play with bugs...... I'm a very open-minded professor, and if he wants to learn, I can do whatever he wants, but I'm sure the kid knows what's more important. ”
两位药园大佬互视，一个面无表情，一个带有得体微笑，两人目光平和，实际上……
The two medicine garden bosses looked at each other, one was expressionless, the other had a decent smile, and the two looked at each other peacefully, in fact......
库尔特心里抑制不住地冒出大量酸水，忍不住插话：“既然那新生是两位的学生……”
Kurt couldn't help but feel a lot of sour water in his heart, and couldn't help but interject: "Since the freshman is a student of two......"
唰！两位大佬一起转头看向库尔特，库尔特吓得后面的话都缩了回去。
Swish! The two bigwigs turned their heads to look at Kurt together, and Kurt was so frightened that he shrank back from what he said.
副园长笑道：“那孩子是在荒田树林那边吧，我去看看他在搞什么鬼，竟然培育茶苗一半就跑掉了。”
The deputy director smiled: "That kid is on the other side of the barren field and woods, I'll go and see what the hell he's doing, and he actually ran away after half of the tea seedlings were cultivated." ”
副园长速度特别快，踩上魔板人就走了。 The deputy director was very fast, and he stepped on the magic board and left.
虫老轻哼一声，一跺脚，人也从原地消失。 The insect elder snorted softly, stomped his foot, and the person disappeared from the spot.
库尔特：“……”我昨晚一定打盹还没醒，这时八成是在做梦。
Kurt: "......" I must have been napping last night and hadn't woken up yet, and I was dreaming at this time.
就算是做梦，库尔特好不容易发现一点他认为的异常，自然要赶过去看个究竟。
Even if it was a dream, Kurt finally found something unusual in his opinion, so he naturally rushed over to see what was going on.
王小叶正在好辛苦地帮助香云树把根挖出来。 Wang Xiaoye is working hard to help Xiangyun Tree dig out its roots.
香云树也在自我挣扎。 Xiangyun Tree is also struggling with itself.
它自从有了朦胧意识以来，还从没有干过把自己的根系从地底拔出来的事情。
Ever since it became hazy, it hadn't done anything to pull its roots out of the ground.
也不知道它是不是在这里生活太长时间，还是它比较特殊，它的根系超级发达，不止是下面一片，似乎还延伸出去很远。
I don't know if it's lived here for too long, or if it's something special, its root system is super developed, not only the one below, but it seems to extend far away.
香云树在努力把延伸出去的根系都缩回来。 The Xiangyun tree is trying to retract all the roots that extend out.
王叶就拿着一个铲子给它松土，还要小心不要铲到它的根部。
Wang Ye took a shovel to loosen the soil for it, and was careful not to shovel it to its roots.
干了不到五分钟，王叶就想弄个挖掘机过来。 After less than five minutes, Wang Ye wanted to get an excavator over.
他这体质幸亏已提高不少，他又比较注重锻炼，他这才能坚持下来。
Fortunately, his physique has improved a lot, and he pays more attention to exercise, so he can persevere.
可继续这么挖下去，他真的要罢工了。 But if he continues to dig like this, he is really going to strike.
这香云树的根怎么这么多，又长得这么密？ Why does this fragrant cloud tree have so many roots and grow so densely?
王叶上辈子帮人挖过枣树，那枣树大约有二十多年的树龄，已经不怎么结枣子，养分都送去了根部。
Wang Ye helped people dig up the jujube tree in his previous life, and the jujube tree is about 20 years old, and it doesn't bear many dates, and the nutrients are sent to the roots.
那枣树的根真的是超级发达，最后屋主说直接把根截掉，只留一部分主根，说这样还能让枣树重新结枣子。
The roots of the jujube tree are really super developed, and in the end, the owner of the house said that the roots were cut off directly, leaving only a part of the taproot, saying that this would allow the jujube tree to bear dates again.
现在王叶就特别想把香云树的根部截掉大半，只留部分。
Now Wang Ye especially wants to cut off most of the roots of the Xiangyun Tree, leaving only part of it.
但香云树肯定不能答应啊，它还要靠这些根系来吸收养料和能量呢。
But the Xiangyun tree definitely can't agree, it still has to rely on these roots to absorb nutrients and energy.
“小云啊，你得快点啊，再不快点，人就要来了。”王叶催促香云树自己努力。
"Xiaoyun, you have to hurry, if you don't hurry up, people will come." Wang Ye urged Xiangyunshu to work his own.
香云树也急啊，但再急它也不可能断掉自己的那些根，只能一根根慢慢抽回。
Xiangyun Tree is also in a hurry, but no matter how anxious it is, it can't cut off its roots, so it can only slowly withdraw them one by one.
王叶使用魔力，已经在香云树四周挖出了一个隔离带，那坑的深度大约有一个王叶那么深。就五分钟时间，挖掘机都没这个速度。
Wang Ye used his magic power to dig a barrier around the Xiangyun Tree, and the depth of the pit was about the same as that of Wang Ye. In just five minutes, the excavator didn't have this speed.
其实王叶是借用了虫巢的能力，他把土壤挖松，就用手接触土壤，把土壤全部送到虫巢种植区了。
In fact, Wang Ye borrowed the ability of the insect nest, he dug up the soil loosely, touched the soil with his hands, and sent all the soil to the insect hive planting area.
“这是干什么呢？挖宝？”两道人影几乎同时在王叶身边出现。
"What is this for? Treasure digging? Two figures appeared beside Wang Ye almost at the same time.
王叶站在坑底仰头看。 Wang Ye stood at the bottom of the pit and looked up.
坑边上方，副园长和虫老一起低头看他。 Above the edge of the pit, the deputy director and the insect elder looked down at him together.
香云树……僵直，假装自己就是一棵最正常的普通树。 Xiangyun Tree ...... Stiff and pretending to be the most normal ordinary tree.
第140章 被气坏的副园长 Chapter 140: The Deputy Principal Who Was Angry
“我在为彻底解决药园野草疯狂生长情况而努力。”王叶眨眼。
"I'm working hard to completely solve the crazy growth of weeds in the medicine garden." Wang Ye blinked.
副园长看着底下的小泥人，忍笑：“是吗，你先出来。”
The deputy director looked at the little clay figure below and couldn't help but smile: "Yes, you come out first." ”
王叶从坑底跳上来。 Wang Ye jumped up from the bottom of the pit.
虫老却凭空飞到香云树面前，围着它转了一圈，又碰了碰它的树枝。
But the insect elder flew in front of the Xiangyun tree out of thin air, circled around it, and touched its branches.
香云树一动不敢动。 Xiangyunshu didn't dare to move.
“虫老怎么看这棵树？”副园长问。 "What does the worm think of this tree?" The deputy director asked.
虫老沉吟：“如果我记得没错，在我来之前，这片树林就有了。最初这片树林是谁种下的？”
"If I remember correctly, this forest was there before I came. Who planted this forest in the first place? ”
“这还真不清楚。”副园长想了一会儿，说道：“隔断林种植没有特别记载，查都不好查。而且每年药园都有新的田地被开垦出来，也有新的隔断林被种植，不过……”
"It's really not clear." The deputy director thought for a while and said: "There is no special record of the planting of the partition forest, and it is not easy to check. And every year new fields are cleared and new partition forests are planted, but ......"
副园长也飞到香云树边上，摸摸树身。又飞到其他香云树那里查看，之后还捡起地上掉落的树叶和树枝仔细查看。
The deputy director also flew to the edge of the Xiangyun tree and touched the tree. He flew to other Xiangyun trees to check, and then picked up the fallen leaves and branches on the ground to take a closer look.
“这片林子有点古怪。”副园长拿着一根断裂的树枝，眉眼凝重。
"It's a bit weird in this woods." The deputy director held a broken branch, his eyebrows solemn.
“怎么说？”虫老问。 "How?" Worm asked.
副园长举了举树枝：“如果我没有判断错误，这林子里的香云树很可能平均都已达到五百岁左右，按理它们早就该死亡，或者长到异常巨大的程度，可你看这片林子，你会认为它们的种植期超过十年吗？”
The deputy director held up the branch: "If I hadn't misjudged, the Xiangyun trees in this forest would probably have reached about five hundred years old on average, and they should have died a long time ago, or grown to an unusually huge extent, but if you look at this forest, do you think that they have been planted for more than ten years?" ”
两人之间就像是忘掉了刚才抢弟子时的刀光剑影，又变成了工作好伙伴。
It was like forgetting the sword and sword shadow when they snatched the disciple just now, and they had become good work partners again.
虫老环目四看。 The old insect looked around.
这片林子里的树木树干最多只有成年人大腿粗，细的大约只有手臂粗细。怎么看都不像是已经活了五百年。
The trunks of the trees in this forest are at most the thickness of an adult's thigh, and the thin ones are about the thickness of an arm. It doesn't look like it's been 500 years old.
“这种情况只有一种可能，那就是这片林子下面埋了什么能量充足的宝贝，被这些香云树吸收，才会导致它们的异常生长。”副园长道。
"There is only one possibility in this situation, that is, there are some energetic treasures buried under this forest, and being absorbed by these fragrant cloud trees will cause their abnormal growth." The deputy director said.
虫老：“你忘了还有一种可能。” Worm Boss: "You forgot that there is another possibility. ”
“哦？” "Oh?"
“天然树木转化树人。虽然我不清楚天然树木要如何转化成树人，但根据我看到的一些药典记录，上面就有提到如果有天然树木开始转化成树人，它自身包括周围树木都会出现生长异常，有的树木会霸道地不留其他任何植物，只为独占营养和能量，但有的树木为了怕被发现，怕被取走树心或被强行契约，就会进行伪装，躲藏在大量同类植物中。这种情况下，哪怕周围植物年份很长，它们看上去也和普通植物没什么两样。”
"Natural trees transform tree people. Although I don't know how natural trees are transformed into treants, according to some pharmacopoeia records I have seen, it is mentioned that if a natural tree begins to transform into a treeman, it will grow abnormally including the surrounding trees, some trees will overbearing and do not leave any other plants, just to monopolize nutrients and energy, but some trees will disguise themselves and hide in a large number of similar plants for fear of being discovered, afraid of being taken away from the heart of the tree or forcibly contracted. In this case, even if the surrounding plants are very old, they will look no different from ordinary plants. ”
王叶和香云树：大佬就是大佬，见识广博。 Wang Ye and Xiangyunshu: A big guy is a big guy and has a lot of knowledge.
副园长闻言，惊喜地望向那棵假装自己是普通树的香云树，“虫老，您说这棵树要转化成树人了？”
Hearing this, the deputy director looked at the Xiangyun tree that pretended to be an ordinary tree in surprise, "Worm Lao, you said that this tree is going to transform into a tree man?" ”
虫老：“很有可能。否则这小子不可能这么积极，别告诉我你没看出来，这小子是想把这棵树连根一起挖走。”
Worm Boss: "Quite possibly. Otherwise, this kid can't be so positive, don't tell me you didn't see it, this kid wants to dig up this tree with its roots. ”
副园长要笑不笑：“如果这棵树真的要转化成树人，它怎么会容忍被挖根？”
The deputy director had to laugh or not: "If this tree is really going to be transformed into a tree man, how can it tolerate being dug up?" ”
“那自然是这棵树自己愿意。”虫老冷哼，他之前还以为某个小倒霉蛋是无意间契约了那群远古魔虫，可现在他不这么想了。
"Naturally, the tree is willing to do so." The worm elder snorted coldly, he used to think that some little unlucky guy had inadvertently contracted that group of ancient demon insects, but now he didn't think so.
“你知道什么，自己说。”虫老对王叶冷冷道。 "What do you know, tell yourself." The insect elder said coldly to Wang Ye.
王叶见两位大佬都看破了，索性坦白：“没错，这棵香云树要转化成树人了，但它缺乏能量，眼看就要转化失败，所以它身体中的能量才会泄露出去，导致药园中野草异常旺盛生长。我脑中当时隐约听到求救声，顺着声音找过来，就找到了这棵香云树。”
Wang Ye saw that the two bigwigs saw through it, so he simply confessed: "That's right, this Xiangyun Tree is about to transform into a tree man, but it lacks energy, and it is about to fail to transform, so the energy in its body will leak out, causing the weeds in the medicine garden to grow abnormally vigorously." I vaguely heard a cry for help in my head, and I followed the sound to find this fragrant cloud tree. ”
副园长和虫老一起望向香云树，又一起望向王叶。
即将转化的树人啊，就是他们听了也忍不住心动。
副园长忍不住问：“你有什么办法能帮它？它转化需要庞大能量，你如何提供？而且你把它挖出来，打算放在什么地方？”
王叶一副老实的模样说道：“我曾经跟我师父学过一门以身养植物法，就是发现有药植快不行了，想要救活它，可以试着把它融合入身体，用我自己的身体能量培育它，直到它长成。虽然一开始这样做我会很吃亏，但只要这棵树能恢复过来，我也可以得到弥补。”
“你疯了！”副园长立刻斥责道：“这是一棵即将转化成树人的树，你知道它需要多少能量吗？它会在成功转化之前就把你吸成人干。你被这棵树欺骗了。”
香云树：我冤……
虫老目中则闪过异彩，他怀疑王叶想要利用这棵即将转化成树人的香云树来减轻自己身体中的千木之毒。
有些药植天然具有抗毒排毒和吸毒的作用，香云树的树根做成药材就有解毒清火的作用，如果把香云树种植在自己体内，是有一定可能帮助拔除身体中毒素的。
就是不知道一棵即将转变成树人的香云树，在面对千木之毒时，是被毒倒，还是能把千木之毒转化成自己的养分。
虫老看看副园长，他忽然很想看看副园长知道小崽子身中千木之毒后会是什么反应，于是他就说了。
“你身中千木之毒，这棵树知道吗？”
副园长震惊，面对王叶失声道：“你中了千木之毒？”
王叶特光棍地回答：“是啊。”
副园长痛心疾首：“怎么会！什么人这么混蛋，竟然想要毁掉这样一个天才！太过分了。”
虫老凉凉地道：“就是天才才会让人想要毁掉。”
副园长噎住，心痛地看着王叶：“算了，我之前跟你说的让你参加大比的事，你不用再放在心上，但我答应你会教你汲草术和其他培植知识，我还是会教你。唉，能在人生最后一段时间学习自己最喜欢的知识也是一件美好的事情。”
王叶：“……”
虫老冷哼：“谁说他就要死了？谁说他就要废掉了？”
副园长转头：“难不成虫老您能救他？”
虫老硬邦邦道：“用不着我救，我也没那个能耐，这小子自己就能解救自己。”
虫老突然扬手抛出一瓶药剂。
王叶迅速接住。
“这是我根据你的药方炼制出来的药剂。废了我十份材料才做出来，要是没效，你以后就待在我的虫园给我养虫子！”虫老恨恨道。
王叶大喜，不等两位大佬有反应，打开瓶子，仰头就把里面的药剂喝下。
副园长：“……”
王叶也不怕虫老下毒，更不怕这瓶药剂没做好，他现在身中千木之毒，就算再有人下毒害他，那毒也会被千木之毒吞噬，换言之，他现在也算是变相的万毒不侵之体。
王叶喝下药剂就感到身体变化，当即迅速非常地拿出一个泡澡桶，放水、再放入他前面针对这种情况做出来的泡澡药。
也就是两位大佬就在眼前，他不能进入虫巢，否则哪需要这么麻烦。
副园长和虫老就看小孩在他们面前脱掉衣服，跳入一个大大的洗澡桶中，然后……就不动了。
两位大佬：“……”
虫老：“小兔崽子！”
副园长再次忍笑：“他这是想让我们帮他守护吗？”
问完，副园长又忍不住询问虫老：“你刚才拿出的是什么药剂？”
虫老很想隐藏王叶的能力，但又有点想要炫耀：“可以阶段性抑制千木之毒的药剂，三级魔药，配方是这小子自己拿出来的。”
“竟然有这样的配方？我怎么从来没有听说过。”副园长心惊。
虫老用下巴指泡澡桶：“这小子说是他自己琢磨出来的。”
副园长不可置信。
虫老也很不想相信这点，他宁可认为这药方是别的什么药王想出来，被这小子得到了。
库尔特赶到这片香云树林，可一只手臂长的有翅虫子盯住了他，阻止他进入林子。
“虫老？”库尔特猜测。
那虫子飞起来，停在库尔特面前，发出威胁的杀气。 The bug flew up and stopped in front of Kurt, emitting a threatening murderous aura.
库尔特迅速后退，他不是这只魔虫的对手。 Kurt quickly retreated, he was no match for this demon worm.
库尔特想从其他地方进入林子，可那只虫子一直跟着他，敢靠近就给他一下子。
Kurt wanted to enter the forest from somewhere else, but the worm kept following him, and if he dared to come closer, he would give him a moment.
库尔特被虫子咬得肿起好几个包，疼得他浑身发抖，再也不敢接近香云树林。
Kurt was swollen by the insect bite, and he shivered in pain, and he no longer dared to approach the Xiangyun Forest.
树林里，副园长拿出了他自己配置的培植液，对香云树道：“我听说这小子用一棵高等魔植喂养你？要不我们做个交换，我用这瓶八级的培植液跟你换那棵魔植。”
In the woods, the deputy director took out the cultivation liquid he had prepared himself, and said to Xiangyun Shu, "I heard that this kid fed you with a high-grade magic plant?" Why don't we make an exchange, and I'll exchange this bottle of eighth-level cultivation liquid for that magic plant with you. ”
香云树毫不理会。一个八级，一个十级，当它不会算账吗？
Xiangyunshu ignored it. One level eight, one level ten, when it won't settle accounts?
副园长失笑，也没吝啬一瓶八级培植液，直接打开倒在香云树脚下。
The deputy director smiled, and did not skimp on a bottle of eighth-level cultivation liquid, and directly opened it and poured it at the foot of the Xiangyun tree.
香云树陶醉得根部都多缩回了一些。 The Xiangyun tree was so intoxicated that its roots retracted a little.
副园长并不知道那株高等魔植有十级，更不知道那就是外界传说的生命之树的幼苗，否则他哪会这么轻松？
The deputy head didn't know that the high-level demon plant was level ten, and he didn't know that it was the seedling of the tree of life that was said to be in the outside world, otherwise how could he be so relaxed?
“跟你商量个事，虽然我这个学生说要用寄生融合之术帮助你，但他还小，还在发育中，这种方法对这孩子有太大损伤，要么你留在这里，我们药园用全力帮助你转变如何？”副园长也很想药园里能有一个树人。
"I'll discuss something with you, although my student said that he would use the parasitic fusion technique to help you, but he is still young and still developing, this method will cause too much damage to this child, or you stay here, how about our medicine garden to help you transform with all our might?" The deputy director also wanted to have a tree man in the medicine garden.
树人那可都是天生的培植师，而且还能培育出很多普通人培育不出的药植。
Tree people are all natural cultivators, and they can also cultivate many medicinal plants that ordinary people can't cultivate.
一个药园如果有一个树人，无论对药园还是对陨星魔法学校，都是异常有价值的事情。
If there is a tree man in a medicine garden, it is an extremely valuable thing for both the medicine garden and the Falling Star Magic School.
正在泡澡中的王叶啪地睁开眼睛：“副园长，那是我的树，我已经和他契约了，我代价都付出去了，您可不能半道抢劫。”
Wang Ye, who was taking a bath, opened his eyes suddenly: "Deputy Principal, that's my tree, I have already made a contract with him, I have paid the price, you can't rob it halfway." ”
副园长好笑，财大气粗地道：“你付出什么代价了，我补给你。”
The deputy director was amused, and said with a lot of money: "What price have you paid, I will make it up to you." ”
王叶：“几桶培植液。” Wang Ye: "A few barrels of cultivation liquid." ”
副园长失笑，正要说话。 The deputy principal smiled and was about to speak.
王叶接着道：“还有一株十级药植，精灵族赠送给我的生命之树的树叶发育出来的幼苗，活的。”
Wang Ye continued: "There is also a tenth-level medicinal plant, a seedling developed from the leaves of the Tree of Life that the elves gave me, alive. ”
副园长：“！！！” Deputy Director: "!! ”
虫老都瞪大了眼睛，微驼的背都直了起来。 The worm elder widened his eyes, and his slightly hunched back straightened.
“生命之树的幼苗？！”副园长喊的嗓音都岔音了。 "Seedlings of the Tree of Life?!" The deputy principal's voice was out of voice.
王叶：“是啊，要不是我给出这样的宝贝，这棵树又怎么会同意和我契约。”
副园长一脸王叶挖了他家祖坟还拆了学校又抢夺他全部财产并砍了他至少九十九刀的表情，骂道：“你这个……暴殄天物的小兔崽子！那幼苗呢？”
The deputy director scolded with an expression on Wang Ye's face of digging his ancestral grave, demolishing the school, robbing him of all his property, and slashing him at least ninety-nine times: "You ...... Tyrannical little bunny! What about seedlings? ”
王叶一指香云树：“给它了，它应该正在消化吧。”
副园长像是要气晕过去了，指着王叶手指颤抖：“你、你这个……”
The deputy director seemed to faint out of anger, pointing at Wang Ye's fingers trembling: "You, you ......"
“败家子。我知道您要说什么。”王叶一副死猪不怕开水烫的模样。
"Loser. I know what you're going to say. Wang Ye looked like a dead pig who was not afraid of boiling water.
副园长不想再跟这个巨败家子说话，他飞去找香云树协商了。那可是生命之树的幼苗啊，怎么能让这棵香云树就这么吞噬掉，就算这棵树即将转化成树人也不行。
The deputy director didn't want to talk to this giant loser anymore, so he flew to Xiangyunshu to negotiate. That's the seedling of the Tree of Life, how can you let this Xiangyun Tree be devoured like this, even if this tree is about to transform into a tree man.
虫老走到泡澡桶边，敲敲木桶：“你和精灵族关系很好？”
The worm elder walked to the bath bucket and knocked on the barrel: "You have a good relationship with the elves?" ”
王叶骄傲地伸出自己的左手。 Wang Ye proudly stretched out his left hand.
虫老这才看清他那只小黑爪子上的两个印记：“不错嘛，连精灵族的友谊之印都获得了，你现在可以自由进出无尽森海了吧？”
Only then did the worm elder see the two marks on his little black claws: "Yes, even the seal of friendship of the elf clan has been obtained, and you can now freely enter and exit the Endless Forest Sea, right?" ”
虫老有点羡慕妒忌，这种友谊之印据说只有校长才有，没想到他今天会在一个新入生身上看到，真是活久了什么都能见到。
Worm Lao is a little envious and jealous, this kind of friendship seal is said to be only possessed by the principal, I didn't expect him to see it in a new student today, I can see anything after living for a long time.
“你那个国王父亲到底要怎样眼瞎，才会迫害你这样一个儿子？难不成你那个后妈带来的继子比你天赋和运气都还要好？”虫老简直不可思议。
"How blind must your royal father be to persecute a son like you? Could it be that your stepmother brought a stepson who is even better than your talent and luck? "The worm is incredible.
王叶也叹息道：“是啊，我也奇怪。大约就是因为我太优秀了吧，他们恐惧我的过于优秀。”
Wang Ye also sighed: "Yes, I am also strange. It's probably because I'm too good, and they're afraid I'm too good. ”
虫老：“……我现在明白你那个国王父亲为什么要干掉你了。留着你，他就算不被气死，也会被你杀死。你母后是不是被他害死的？”
Worm Boss: "...... I now understand why your king's father wanted to kill you. Keep you, and he will be killed by you even if he is not angry. Did he kill your mother? ”
王叶幽幽一叹：“现在您什么都知道了。” Wang Ye sighed faintly: "Now you know everything." ”
虫老轻哼：“这药方真的是你自己琢磨出来的？” The worm elder snorted lightly: "You really figured out this prescription yourself?" ”
王叶懒懒道：“那还有假。” Wang Ye said lazily: "That's still fake." ”
“就在你中毒之后的四个月中？” "Just four months after you were poisoned?"
“嗯哼。” "Uh-huh."
“你要做我弟子吗？我可以教你魔药知识，也可以教你怎么玩虫子。”
"Do you want to be my disciple? I can teach you about potions, and I can teach you how to play bugs. ”
王叶满脸可惜地道：“我很想拜您为师，您一看就是高人，但我已经有师父了。”
Wang Ye said with pity on his face: "I really want to worship you as a teacher, you are a master at a glance, but I already have a master." ”
“有师父也不妨碍跟我学习，我们陨星不在乎这些。”虫老十分大方地道。但心里怎么想的就只有他自己知道了。
"Having a master doesn't prevent me from learning, we don't care about that." The insect elder is very generous and authentic. But only he knows what he thinks in his heart.
还在十万大山里的闻笛大大完全不知道他还没出现就已经被疯药王、虫老这样的人物给盯上了，就等着他出现，和他好好切磋切磋。
Wen Dida, who was still in the 100,000 mountains, didn't know that he had been targeted by characters like the Crazy Medicine King and the Worm Old before he appeared, so he was waiting for him to appear and have a good discussion with him.
给自家师父挖了一堆坑的坑师王叶一听有人愿意白教他知识，他当然愿意了：“昆教授您好！感谢昆教授，我一定会好好学习，把教授您教给我的知识发扬光大。”
When Wang Ye, a pit master who dug a bunch of pits for his master, heard that someone was willing to teach him knowledge in vain, of course he was willing: "Hello Professor Kun! Thanks to Professor Kun, I will definitely study hard and carry forward the knowledge that Professor you have taught me. ”
虫老：“不叫我老昆大哥了？” Worm Lao: "Don't you call me Brother Kun?" ”
王叶傻笑。 Wang Ye smirked.
虫老亲眼看到王叶身上的青黑色一点点褪去，就算这药剂是他亲手炼制出来，也不由震惊这药剂的药效，竟然真的压制住了千木之毒。
The insect elder saw with his own eyes that the blue and black on Wang Ye's body faded little by little, even if this potion was refined by his own hands, he couldn't help but be shocked by the medicinal effect of this potion, which really suppressed the poison of a thousand trees.
实际上，这药剂并不是压制，而是进一步激发了千木蜕变药剂的药效，正在改变王叶的体质。
In fact, this elixir was not suppressed, but it further stimulated the medicinal effect of the Thousand Wood Transformation Elixir, which was changing Wang Ye's physique.
如果换了一个人，别说这样笑嘻嘻地和人说话，恐怕早就疼得死去活来，晕都不知道晕几次了。
If it were a different person, let alone talking to people with a smile like this, I am afraid that I would have died of pain a long time ago, and I don't know how many times I fainted.
可王叶因为对疼痛感知不敏感，他这会儿是感觉到身体宛如被碾碎一般，但还在他的忍受范围内，脸上自然没有任何表现。
But because Wang Ye was insensitive to pain, he felt as if his body was being crushed at this moment, but it was still within his tolerance, and there was naturally no expression on his face.
那边，副园长和香云树已经就交换生命之树幼苗一事商讨几个来回。
Over there, the deputy director and Xiangyunshu had already discussed a few back and forth about exchanging the seedlings of the Tree of Life.
最后副园长破釜沉舟地提出愿意拿两株九级魔植来交换生命之树幼苗。
In the end, the deputy director offered to exchange two ninth-level demon plants for the Tree of Life seedlings.
而这两株九级魔植也是药园最珍贵的珍藏，想要动用这两株九级魔植必将惊动园长。
And these two ninth-level demon plants are also the most precious treasures of the medicine garden, and wanting to use these two ninth-level demon plants will definitely alarm the garden master.
但副园长坚信要是园长知道他用两株九级魔植交换了什么，园长也一定会同意。
However, the deputy director firmly believed that if the director knew what he had exchanged for two ninth-level demon plants, the director would definitely agree.
除此之外，副园长还同意给香云树提供一枚八级魔晶和两枚七级魔晶，以及三桶他亲手配置的八级培植液。
In addition, the deputy director also agreed to provide Xiangyunshu with an eighth-level magic crystal and two seventh-level magic crystals, as well as three barrels of eighth-level cultivation liquid that he had personally configured.
香云树不见兔子不撒鹰，要副园长把这些东西都送来，它才会把生命之树幼苗交出来。
Xiangyun Tree does not see rabbits and eagles, and it has to be sent by the deputy director to deliver these things, so that it will hand over the seedlings of the Tree of Life.
副园长无奈答应，回去找园长商量。 The deputy director reluctantly agreed, and went back to discuss with the principal.
虫老没走，就留在这里守护王叶。 The insect elder didn't leave, so he stayed here to protect Wang Ye.
王叶嘴上没说，但心里也感激两位大佬对他的守护，他现在确实是最弱的时候，随便来个三岁小孩都能杀死他。
Wang Ye didn't say it, but he was also grateful to the two bigwigs for protecting him, he was indeed the weakest time now, and any three-year-old child could kill him.
虫老看副园长离开，才说道：“你真的不知道你养的那群虫子是远古魔虫？”
The insect elder watched the deputy director leave, and then said, "You really don't know that the group of insects you raised are ancient demon insects?" ”
王叶摇头：“我真不知道。” Wang Ye shook his head: "I really don't know." ”
“那你是在什么地方发现它们的？” "And where did you find them?"
这个可以说，王叶九真一假地说道：“我在一座叫做囚犯岛的岛上做任务，偶尔发现了这群虫，我发现它们能产虫蜜，那虫蜜效用挺好的，就问它们的首领愿不愿意跟我契约，小光同意了，就带上族群和我一起走了。”
This can be said, Wang Yejiu said truthfully: "I was on a mission on an island called Prisoner Island, and occasionally found this group of insects, I found that they can produce insect honey, and the insect honey works very well, so I asked their leader if he was willing to make a contract with me, Xiaoguang agreed, and took the group with me." ”
“那岛上除了这群虫子，还有其他虫子吗？” "Are there any other bugs on the island besides this bunch of bugs?"
“有。我在那里发现了一些奇怪的事情。”王叶把智慧寄生虫族会寄生人体乃至改造人体的事情大致说了一下。
"Yes. I noticed something strange there. Wang Ye gave a general idea of how the intelligent parasitic insect clan would parasitize the human body and even transform the human body.
虫老眉头深深皱起：“果然。” The old worm frowned deeply: "Sure enough." ”
王叶脸上打出问号。 Wang Ye put a question mark on his face.
虫老深吸气：“你运气不错，遇到那么多远古魔虫竟然还能全身而退。”
The insect elder took a deep breath: "You are lucky, you can still escape with so many ancient demon insects. ”
“那些智慧寄生虫族是远古魔虫吗？”王叶问。 "Are those intelligent parasites ancient demon worms?" Wang Ye asked.
虫老：“极有可能。” Worm Boss: "Very likely. ”
“昆教授，您能跟我说说远古魔虫的事吗？” "Professor Kun, can you tell me about the Ancient Demon Worm?"
虫老点头，就算王叶不问，只他契约了那群虫子，他也会说。
The insect elder nodded, even if Wang Ye didn't ask, as long as he contracted that group of insects, he would say.
第141章 虫老竟然是…… Chapter 141: Worm Elder Turned Out to Be ......
虫老不想自己的经历被别人听见，就是树人也不行，就弄了个结界魔法。
The worm didn't want his experience to be heard by others, even the tree man, so he made an enchantment magic.
王叶看到，觉得这样也挺好。 When Wang Ye saw it, he thought it was good.
“我会走上役虫师这条路，就是因为当年我被人用虫子害了。我找不到别人能救我，就只能自救。”虫老开场说道。
"I'm going to be an insect master because I was bugged back then. I couldn't find anyone else to save me, so I had to save myself. The worm elder said.
“什么虫子这么厉害？远古魔虫？” "What bugs are so powerful? Ancient Demon Worms? ”
“对，那虫子叫噬魂虫。以后你要遇到这种虫子，最好有多远躲多远，这种虫子会钻入你的精神核中，吞噬你的精神力、破坏你的精神核。过程很隐秘，一开始你会察觉不出，等你察觉你的精神核出现问题，已经距离你灵魂溃散没多远。”虫老警告新收的小弟子。
"Yes, that bug is called a Soul Eater. In the future, if you encounter this kind of bug, it is best to hide as far as you can, this kind of bug will burrow into your spiritual core, devour your spiritual power, and destroy your spiritual core. The process is very secretive, you will not notice it at first, and by the time you realize that something is wrong with your spiritual core, it is not far from your soul collapse. "Worm Elder warns the newly recruited junior disciple.
王叶点头，他上辈子也听过噬魂虫的名字，他刷过的一个副本就有这种虫子，据说是魔族来的真正魔虫，和双月星本土长出来的魔虫是两码事。
Wang Ye nodded, he had heard the name of the Soul Eater in his previous life, and one of the copies he had brushed had this kind of bug, which was said to be a real demon worm from the Demon Clan, and the demon worm that grew locally from the Double Moon Star was two different things.
后来有人为了区分魔界那边过来的魔虫和魔兽，把魔界那边过来的都叫做邪魔虫和邪魔兽。
Later, in order to distinguish the demon insects and demonic beasts that came from the demon world, some people called the demon insects and evil demon beasts from the demon world.
虫老：“我当时如果不是服用过一种特殊药剂，护住了精神核并能给我提醒，让我在那噬魂虫啃食我的精神力的第一时间就发现它，我可能也没救了。我用药剂设法困住那虫子，但我没有办法杀死和驱离它，如果在体外很容易，但在体内，却很难很难。那虫子进入人体后，就会虚化，与人的精神力融为一体，毒药对它没用，用精神力对付它更没用，反而会成为对方的养料。”
Worm Boss: "If I hadn't taken a special potion at that time, protected the spirit core and could remind me that I could have found it the first time that the soul eater ate my spiritual power, I might not have been saved." I managed to trap the bug with a potion, but I couldn't kill and repel it, and if it was easy outside the body, but inside it, it was very difficult. After the insect enters the human body, it will be virtual and merge with the person's spiritual power, poison is useless to it, and it is even more useless to use mental power to deal with it, but it will become the nourishment of the other party. ”
虫老又说了一些他对付那噬魂虫的经过，还把他困住噬魂虫的药剂配方送给了王叶。
The insect elder told some of his experiences with the Soul Eater insect, and also gave Wang Ye the recipe for the potion he used to trap the Soul Eater insect.
“这个配方原本是用来守护精神核，但必要时也可以在你的精神海中隔离出一个区域用来困住类似噬魂虫之类的精神类袭击者。”
"This recipe was originally intended to protect the spirit core, but if necessary, it can also isolate an area in your spirit sea to trap spirit attackers like the Soul Eater."
“谢谢。” "Thank you."
虫老摇摇头，示意王叶不必道谢，王叶给出的那份三级魔药配方对他而言价值更高得多，给了他很多启发，让他许久不曾提升的药师境界都有所松动。
The insect elder shook his head, signaling that Wang Ye didn't need to thank him, the third-level potion formula given by Wang Ye was much more valuable to him, and it gave him a lot of inspiration, so that the pharmacist realm that he hadn't improved for a long time was loosened.
“虽然我困住了那虫子，但我至今没能解决它。” "I've trapped the bug, but I haven't been able to fix it."
王叶眨眨眼：“教授，也许我可以帮助您。” Wang Ye blinked: "Professor, maybe I can help you." ”
虫老嗤笑：“你？等你达到药王境界再来说帮助我的事吧。你现在就好好学习，其他不要多想。”
The old worm sneered: "You? When you reach the realm of the Medicine King, let's talk about helping me. You study hard now, don't think about anything else. ”
王叶无奈：“好吧，您别后悔就行。我一般可不会主动无偿救人，您不知道您放弃了多么好的一个机会。”
Wang Ye was helpless: "Okay, just don't regret it." I don't usually offer to save people for free, and you have no idea what a good opportunity you gave up. ”
虫老用魔力敲了敲王叶的脑袋：“你还想不想了解你那些虫子？”
The worm elder knocked Wang Ye's head with his magic power: "Do you still want to know about your bugs?" ”
王叶立刻道：“您说。” Wang Ye immediately said, "You say." ”
“虽然我没能解决那噬魂虫，但我对虫子的了解，这世上大概没人能和我相比。”虫老淡淡地说出特别狂妄的话。
"Although I couldn't deal with the soul eater, my understanding of insects, probably no one in this world can compare to me." The worm elder said very arrogant words lightly.
王叶却觉得这样的虫老特别酷。 Wang Ye thinks that this kind of insect is very cool.
“你契约的那群虫子在虫谱上被称为浮游光虫。”虫老一口道破小光族群的族名。
"The group of bugs you contracted are called planktonic light bugs on the bug spectrum." The old insect broke the name of the small light group in one mouth.
王叶特别想拱手喊666。 Wang Ye especially wanted to shout 666.
虫老接着道：“远古魔虫的来历已经很难有人说得清楚，有人说它们是魔界来的，有人说它们是别的世界过来，有人说它们是从我双月星中的某个秘境出来，也有人说这些魔虫是我们双月星原本就有的虫子，只是一直隐藏在深山海底。”
Worm Lao continued: "The origin of the ancient demon insects is difficult for anyone to say clearly, some people say that they are from the demon world, some people say that they come from other worlds, some people say that they came out of a secret realm in my Twin Moon Stars, and some people say that these demon worms are the original insects of our Twin Moon Stars, but they have been hidden in the deep mountains and seabeds. ”
“总之，当这些虫子出现后，因为它们异于普通虫子的外表和能力，人们把这些虫子统称为远古魔虫。而人们第一次发现远古魔虫的时候，那时候世上还只有神眷者，没有魔种，也没有魔法师和异术师。”
"In short, when these bugs appeared, because of their appearance and abilities that were different from ordinary bugs, people collectively referred to these bugs as Ancient Demon Bugs. And when people first discovered the ancient demon insects, there were only gods in the world at that time, and there were no demon seeds, and there were no magicians and magicians. ”
王叶插话：“异术师是不是就是神眷者？” Wang Ye interjected: "Is the magician a god?" ”
“是。随着魔力被大量运用，人们发现普通人只要拥有魔法种子就能操纵魔法成为魔法师，而随着魔法师等级越来越高，他们自然不高兴神眷者这样的名字出现，认为某些人就不配冠以神的名字，后来神眷者就改称为异术师了。”
"Yes. With the extensive use of magic, people found that ordinary people could manipulate magic to become magicians as long as they had magic seeds, and as the level of magicians became higher and higher, they naturally disliked the appearance of the name of the god, thinking that some people were not worthy of the name of the god, and later the god's favor was renamed the magician. ”
“原来如此。” "I see."
虫老又提醒王叶：“你是学魔法的，我想你应该清楚魔法种子和魔种的区别。”
The insect elder reminded Wang Ye again: "You are a magician, I think you should know the difference between magic seeds and magic seeds." ”
王叶点头：“魔种指的是魔界送出来的中介物，是魔族力量和血肉凝结而成，用来寄生我们双月星人。”
Wang Ye nodded: "The demon seed refers to the intermediary sent by the demon world, which is the condensation of the demon clan's strength and flesh and blood, and is used to parasitize our Twin Moon Star people. ”
“没错。被魔种寄生的人初期表现也会像异术师一样，直到魔族借由魔种找到寄生体，吞噬魔种寄生体的灵魂，占有寄生体的灵魂。”
"That's right. People who are parasitized by demon seeds will also behave like magicians in the early stage, until the demons find the parasite through the demon seed, devour the soul of the demon seed parasite, and take possession of the soul of the parasite. ”
王叶忍不住道：“看来不管是魔族还是智慧寄生虫族，大家都很喜欢玩寄生这一套。”
Wang Ye couldn't help but say: "It seems that whether it is the Demon Race or the Wisdom Parasitic Clan, everyone likes to play parasitism. ”
虫老冷哼：“谁不是寄生者？”
王叶一想也是。寄生虫就是个套娃，你寄生我、我寄生他、他寄生其他。
虫老：“区别只在于你寄生后，是不是想要夺取别的生灵的身体、消灭别的生灵的意识。如果只是共同求生，那我们可以认为这是正常寄生，有些寄生者还能给宿主带来一定好处，属于互利互惠的关系。但如果对方不怀好意，只是想把你当做食物，还想替代你，那就不用考虑了，这就是敌人！”
虫老一顿：“远古魔虫和魔界来的魔族，就是我们的敌人。”
“远古时，那些远古魔虫第一次被人们查知，就是因为它们吞噬了整整一个智慧种族，地底菌菇人族。它们吞噬这个种族后，生命形态产生改变，变得更加适应这个世界，能力也从原本只能偷偷吸取生灵的精神力和血肉，变得多样化。”
"In ancient times, those ancient demon insects were first discovered by people because they devoured an entire intelligent race, the underground mushroom race. After devouring this race, their life forms have changed, becoming more adaptable to the world, and their abilities have become more diverse from the original ability to secretly absorb the spiritual power and flesh of living beings. ”
“据说那些虫子通过吞噬地底菌菇人族的一样至宝，让它们的虫巢也进化了，原本这些虫子的虫巢都要靠虫子自己来建设，就像蜜蜂的蜂巢。但吞噬了菌菇人族和他们的至宝后，那些虫子竟然把它们的虫巢转化成了半生命体，可以自己成长。”
"It is said that those insects have evolved their hives by devouring the treasures of the underground mushroom people, and the hives of these insects have to be built by the insects themselves, just like the hives of bees. But after devouring the mushroom people and their treasures, the bugs turned their hives into half-lifeforms that could grow on their own. ”
王叶：“……” Wang Ye: "......"
虫老还慨叹道：“当时那些虫子到处收集菌类，远古人还以为它们改变食谱了，哪知道它们收集菌类是为了培养虫巢。”
The insect elder also sighed: "At that time, those insects collected fungi everywhere, and the ancients thought that they had changed their recipes, but they knew that they collected fungi to cultivate insect nests. ”
王叶决定回去后就收集菌类，让虫巢吸收看看。 Wang Ye decided to collect the fungi after he went back and let the hive absorb them.
虫老对虫巢发表了一番感慨，重点说明想要杀死远古魔虫，首先就要破坏虫巢、彻底摧毁虫巢。
The insect elder expressed his feelings about the insect hive, focusing on explaining that if you want to kill the ancient demon insects, you must first destroy the insect nest and completely destroy the insect nest.
王叶点头，深以为然。 Wang Ye nodded, deeply convinced.
“后来那些虫子看中了第二个智慧种族，树人族。” "Later, those bugs took a fancy to the second intelligent race, the Treants."
“啊。” "Ahh
虫老摆摆手：“不用为树人族担心，他们一开始是吃了点亏，但树人族不像其他智慧种族喜欢群居，他们居住的都很分散，而且树人族可以远距离传递信息，一个树人遭到攻击，很快其他树人都知道了。”
The worm elder waved his hand: "Don't worry about the Treants, they suffered a little loss at the beginning, but the Treants don't like to live in groups like other intelligent races, they live in scattered places, and the Treants can transmit information from a distance, one Treant is attacked, and soon the other Treants will know." ”
“别看虫子好像专门吃植物，但树人的生命形态和植物就是两码事，他们喜欢维持树木的模样，不代表他们就拥有植物都有的缺点，相反植物都有的优点他们倒是都有。而且他们活得长、见识多，应敌手段自然也多。”
"Don't look at insects as if they eat plants, but the life form of tree people and plants are two different things, they like to maintain the appearance of trees, it doesn't mean that they have the disadvantages of plants, on the contrary, they have the advantages of plants. Moreover, they live a long life, have a lot of knowledge, and naturally have more means to deal with the enemy. ”
虫老显然很羡慕这个种族。 The worm elder was obviously very envious of this race.
“有一种树人好像是从捕虫草自然转化而来，他把自己的捕虫能力分享给了其他树人。这也是树人的优异特点之一，他们不仅可以把自己的知识分享给其他树人，还可以把自己的能力也分享出去。他们称此为能力嫁接。”
"There is a kind of tree man who seems to have been naturally transformed from Cordyceps trappers, and he shares his insect trapping ability with other tree people. This is also one of the excellent characteristics of the Treants, who can not only share their knowledge with other Treants, but also their own abilities. They call this ability grafting. ”
王叶：原来双月星远古就知道什么是嫁接了。不过想想看，那可是树人啊，他们没事干，偶尔想要研究一下怎么在苹果树上长出车厘子也是完全有可能的。
Wang Ye: It turns out that the Twin Moon Star knew what grafting was in ancient times. But come to think of it, they are tree people, they have nothing to do, and it is entirely possible to occasionally want to study how to grow cherries on apple trees.
“先是擅长捕虫的树人纷纷发力，把自己的能力全都分享给同族，之后有能放火、能攻击精神体、能下毒……所有树人都在分享自己的能力。树人一族当时非常疯狂，他们恨不得把所有树人的能力都集中嫁接在一个树人身上。”
"First, the tree people who are good at catching insects have made efforts to share all their abilities with their fellow clansmen, and then there are those who can set fires, attack spiritual bodies, and poison...... All the treants are sharing their abilities. The Treants were crazy at the time, and they wanted to graft all of their Treant abilities into a single Treant. ”
虫老慨叹：“虽然树人因为身体限制，没能做到集天下能力为一身，但一个树人拥有十几种乃至几十种能力，在那个时候真的很常见。”
Worm Lao sighed: "Although the tree man was unable to integrate the world's abilities due to physical limitations, it was really common for a tree man to have more than a dozen or even dozens of abilities at that time. ”
“然后那些远古虫子就被树人族打败了？”王叶忍不住问。
"And then those ancient bugs were defeated by the Treants?" Wang Ye couldn't help but ask.
虫老：“也许吧。关于这段，所有相关书籍记载的都很模糊。我只知道从那个时候开始树人族就变得特别低调，也不再怎么现世，就算现世，能力也不是特别强，只种植能力特别为人称道。而那些远古魔虫也就此销声匿迹，有人说它们已经被树人族全部消灭，但也有人说那些虫子只是躲起来养精蓄锐，就等着以后卷土重来。”
Worm Boss: "Maybe." All the relevant books are vague about this passage. I only know that since that time, the Treant Race has become very low-key, and it is no longer very present, and even if it is in the present world, its ability is not particularly strong, and only its cultivation ability is particularly praised. And those ancient demon insects have also disappeared, some say that they have been completely wiped out by the tree people, but others say that those insects are just hiding to recuperate, waiting for a comeback in the future. ”
王叶呢喃：“原来那些寄生虫族早就露过脸。” Wang Ye muttered: "It turns out that those parasites have already shown their faces. ”
就此，王叶也可以确定，双月星上的寄生虫生长点绝不止囚犯岛一处，在其他地方，肯定还藏着不少智慧寄生虫。
In this regard, Wang Ye can also be sure that the parasite growth point on the Twin Moon Star is by no means only on Prisoner Island, and in other places, there must be many intelligent parasites hidden.
只不过有的地方的寄生虫族进化得快，所以能早早跑出来兴风作浪。
It's just that in some places, the parasites evolve quickly, so they can run out early to make waves.
这个早和迟的时间差还相当大，可能中间会相差数万年。
The time difference between this early and late is quite large, and there may be tens of thousands of years in between.
而囚犯岛的寄生虫族则因为那只远古巨兽的强烈抵抗，虽然把那只远古巨兽当做了养料，但也被困在了囚犯岛，直到现在才开始作妖。
And because of the strong resistance of the ancient beast, the parasitic people on the Prisoner Island were trapped on the Prisoner Island, and only now did they start to be demons.
“这是我收集的最详尽的虫谱，你留着慢慢看。”虫老又扔给王叶一本魔法书。
"This is the most detailed insect spectrum I have collected, you can keep it and read it slowly." The worm elder threw Wang Ye a magic book again.
这本魔法虫谱和药典类似，看似不太厚的一本，实际记录了大量知识。
This magic bug book is similar to the pharmacopoeia, it doesn't seem to be too thick, but it actually records a lot of knowledge.
虫老也不怕王叶没地方收，他早就察觉王叶有空间储物工具。
The insect elder was not afraid that Wang Ye would have no place to collect it, he had already noticed that Wang Ye had space storage tools.
王叶道谢，收起虫谱，再次问道：“昆教授，您真的不用我帮您祛除你脑中那只噬魂魔虫吗？免费哦。”
Wang Ye thanked him, put away the insect spectrum, and asked again, "Professor Kun, don't you really need me to help you get rid of that Soul Eater Demon Worm in your brain?" It's free. ”
虫老睨王叶：“你是想拿我做实验吧？别做梦了，就算你教授我的精神力十分强大，也不会允许你在我的精神海中乱折腾。”
Insect Elder Wang Ye: "You want to experiment with me, right?" Don't dream, even if you teach me that my spiritual power is very strong, I won't allow you to toss around in my spiritual sea. ”
虫老不是怕王叶折腾，他主要是怕这个小兔崽子把那只噬魂魔虫给放出来，到时候他倒霉，这小混蛋也没好果子吃。
The worm is not afraid of Wang Ye's tossing, he is mainly afraid that this little rabbit cub will release the soul eater demon worm, and he will be unlucky at that time, and this little bastard will not have good fruit to eat.
王叶：“好吧，你不要后悔就行。” Wang Ye: "Okay, you don't regret it. ”
虫老气：“同样的话不要说两遍！” Worm is old-fashioned: "Don't say the same thing twice!" ”
“行行行，反正你不要后悔就行。” "Okay, okay, you don't regret it anyway."
虫老气得抬手就给了王小叶一个脑崩。 The insect was so angry that he raised his hand and gave Wang Xiaoye a brain breakdown.
王叶摸摸脑门，只觉得那个红包更大了。 Wang Ye touched his head, only to feel that the red envelope was bigger.
“教授，您说我那群虫子什么都能吃？”王叶问。 "Professor, you said my swarm of bugs can eat anything?" Wang Ye asked.
虫老没好气地道：“没错。它们的样子虽然有些改变，但浮游光虫有个特点，就是它们的翅膀上的花纹呈现闪电扩散状，中间一个亮点，以亮点为中心向四周辐射出无数细纹。这种花纹经过研究，确定可以迅速感知周围的能量。”
The worm elder said angrily: "That's right. Although their appearance has changed slightly, the plankton light insects have a characteristic that the patterns on their wings are lightning diffuse, and there is a bright spot in the middle, with countless fine lines radiating from the bright spot to the surrounding areas. This pattern has been studied and determined to quickly perceive the energy around it. ”
王叶一想，小光它们的翅膀还真是有这样的花纹。 Wang Ye thought about it, Xiaoguang's wings really had such a pattern.
“这种浮游光虫在远古时期，是那群虫子最可怕的战士，它们可以随意吸食各种生灵的能量，再产出虫蜜提供给远古魔虫，是那些远古魔虫不可或缺的主要成员。当时远古树人族和其他远古智慧生物，对付那些虫子都是先解决虫巢和浮游光虫。”
"In ancient times, this planktonic light insect was the most terrifying warrior of that group of insects, they could absorb the energy of various creatures at will, and then produce insect nectar for the ancient demon insects, and they were the indispensable main members of those ancient demon insects. At that time, the Ancient Treants and other ancient intelligent creatures dealt with those bugs by first solving the hives and planktonic light insects. ”
“战士？”王叶讶然。他还以为小光它们就是寄生虫族的最底层，是农奴，是保姆，再也没想到它们会是远古寄生虫族的战士，还是重要成员？
"Warriors?" Wang Ye was surprised. He also thought that Xiaoguang was the lowest level of the parasitic zerg, a serf, a nanny, and he never thought that they would be warriors of the ancient parasitic clan, or important members?
啧啧，小光它们在囚犯岛混得还真惨，幸亏被他捞出来了。他一定要把这事告诉小光它们。
Tsk, Xiaoguang and they were really miserable on Prisoner Island, but fortunately they were fished out by him. He must tell Xiaoguang about this.
“不要小看那些虫子的能力。”虫老再次叮嘱王叶。 "Don't underestimate the abilities of those bugs." The insect elder told Wang Ye again.
王叶点头：“我得到了虫巢，现在我就是小光它们的王，它们也认可我。”
Wang Ye nodded: "I got the worm nest, and now I am the king of Xiaoguang and them, and they also recognize me." ”
“……你刚才说了什么？”虫老怀疑自己的耳朵。 “…… What did you just say? "The worm is suspicious of his ears.
王叶重复：“我说我得到了虫巢。” Wang Ye repeated: "I said I got the hive. ”
虫老：“！！！” Worm Boss: "!! ”
王叶嬉笑道：“教授，您现在是不是特别羡慕妒忌恨，想杀了我夺取虫巢？”
Wang Ye laughed and said, "Professor, are you particularly envious and jealous now, and want to kill me and seize the worm nest?" ”
他敢说就不怕虫老对他出手，相反他觉得说出他拥有虫巢，才可能获得更多好处。这是一场赌博，但王叶不怕赌输。
If he dares to say it, he is not afraid that the worm elder will attack him, on the contrary, he thinks that only by saying that he has the worm nest can he get more benefits. This is a gamble, but Wang Ye is not afraid of losing the bet.
当然最主要的原因是他等会儿要想带走树人，必然要使用虫巢，而以虫老和副园长的见识，他们只要见到他收起树人，就不会相信他使用了寄生融合术，而能收容生命体的空间，能是普通空间？
Of course, the main reason is that if he wants to take away the tree man later, he must use the worm nest, and with the knowledge of the insect elder and the deputy principal, as long as they see him put away the tree man, they will not believe that he used the parasitic fusion technique, and the space that can contain life forms can be an ordinary space?
王叶可不敢赌虫老的见识，尤其是在对方已经认出浮游光虫的情况下。
Wang Ye didn't dare to bet on the insect's knowledge, especially when the other party had already recognized the planktonic light insect.
与其之后让对方怀疑，还不如先一步告诉对方，这样既能表示他对虫老这位新师父的信任，也能让虫老帮他一块儿给虫巢打掩护。
Instead of making the other party suspicious later, it is better to tell the other party first, which can not only show his trust in the new master of the worm elder, but also let the worm old help him cover the worm nest together.
虫老阴森森道：“没错。我现在还怀疑你就是一只变成人形的大虫子，要么就是被王虫寄生了。”
The old worm said gloomily: "That's right. I still suspect that you are a large worm that has turned into a human form, or that you have been parasitized by a king worm. ”
王叶怪叫：“我好怕啊，师父救命！” Wang Yewei shouted: "I'm so scared, Master help!" ”
虫老：“你叫破天也没用，你在我的结界中，我想让你生你才能生，我想让你死你就只能死。”
Worm Lao: "It's useless for you to call the sky, you are in my enchantment, I want you to give birth to you to live, I want you to die, you can only die." ”
王叶可怜兮兮地道：“老昆大哥，我死了，可就没人能帮你彻底解决你脑中那只噬魂魔虫了。”
Wang Ye said pitifully: "Brother Kun, I'm dead, but no one can help you completely solve the Soul Eater Demon Worm in your brain." ”
虫老暴躁地踢了踢泡澡桶：“你这个臭小子！我就知道你鬼精鬼精的，怎么可能在不知道那群虫子的底细下就傻乎乎地契约它们，原来你竟然拥有虫巢！你……”
The old worm kicked the bathtub angrily: "You stinky boy! I know that you are a goblin, how can you foolishly contract with those insects without knowing the details of them, it turns out that you actually have a hive! You ......"
“我知道了！”虫老反应过来：“你是不是把囚犯岛上那个寄生虫族的老窝给掏了？”
"I see!" The worm elder reacted: "Did you dig out the old nest of the parasitic zerg on the prisoner island?" ”
王叶咧嘴一笑：“其实我得到的是一个被放弃的废弃虫巢。”
Wang Ye grinned: "Actually, what I got was an abandoned insect nest that had been abandoned. ”
王叶就把他得到虫巢的经过如此这般一说。 Wang Ye said this and so on about how he got the worm nest.
虫老听得心动不已。他是想要虫巢，但还不至于抢夺弟子的东西，他一点都不想把自己活成那样卑劣的玩意。
The worm was so moved to hear it. He wanted the hive, but not enough to rob his disciples, and he didn't want to live like that kind of despicable thing at all.
倒是小混蛋说的得到虫巢的方法，对他来说并不是不能做到，只要能再找到一个寄生虫族老巢。
It's not impossible for him to get the hive that the little bastard said, as long as he can find another parasitic hive.
王叶就看他的昆师父浑身都似冒出了熊熊火焰，那是对至宝的极度渴求、是对生命的无限向往！
Wang Ye saw that his Master Kun seemed to be bursting with flames all over his body, which was an extreme thirst for supreme treasures and an infinite yearning for life!
“你得到虫巢的事不要再告诉别人。”虫老警告道。 "Don't tell anyone about the hive." Worm Elder warned.
王叶：“那当然，要不是您，我才不会说。” Wang Ye: "Of course, if it weren't for you, I wouldn't have said it." ”
虫老凝视王叶。 The insect elder stared at Wang Ye.
王叶坦然地回看他，还歪头一脸不解的表情。 Wang Ye looked back at him calmly, tilting his head with a puzzled expression.
“你离开这个药园后，记得来找我，我是说学校的药园。”虫老突然道。
"After you leave this medicine garden, remember to come to me, I mean the school's medicine garden." The worm elder said suddenly.
王叶一愣，随即一惊。 Wang Ye was stunned for a moment, and then was startled.
卧槽！这位虫老他他他不会知道这是副本吧？ it! He wouldn't know this was a copy, would he?
虫老看王叶那震惊的小表情，第一次发出大笑。 The insect elder looked at Wang Ye's shocked little expression and laughed for the first time.
“等你找到我，我再跟你详细说。现在，你先把这个药园中的任务做完再说。”虫老扔下一个超级炸弹，就守在一边不说话了。
"I'll tell you more about it when you find me. Now, you finish the tasks in this medicine garden first. The worm threw down a super bomb and stood aside without speaking.
王叶傻眼了。 Wang Ye was dumbfounded.
所以副本中的大佬们除了他猜测的超级AI，也有真人（真灵魂）扮演？
So in addition to the super AI he guessed, the big guys in the dungeon are also played by real people (true souls)?
可惜虫老摆明在副本中他什么都不会再说，王叶只好先揣着这个疑问，等离开副本后再去找本人确认了。
It's a pity that the worm boss made it clear that he wouldn't say anything in the copy, so Wang Ye had to think about this question first, and then go to me to confirm after leaving the copy.
就因为虫老扔了这么一个超级炸弹给他，搞得王叶疑神疑鬼，再看见副园长带着园长过来时，总觉得这两位大佬看着似乎也像是真人扮演。
Just because the worm threw such a super bomb to him, Wang Ye was suspicious, and when he saw the deputy director with the director, he always felt that these two bigwigs looked like they were playing real people.
自己演自己，挺有意思的哈。 It's fun to play yourself.
副园长没顾得上还泡在洗澡桶里的王小叶，他把香云树郑重介绍给了园长。
The deputy director didn't care about Wang Xiaoye, who was still soaking in the bath bucket, and he solemnly introduced the Xiangyun tree to the director.
王叶不认识这位园长，他在药园中见到的园长可不是这位。
Wang Ye didn't know this principal, and the principal he saw in the medicine garden was not this one.
他在现实药园中也没有听过虫老的大名，不知道是他的资格不够，还是他进入药园的时间还不够长、接触的人也太少的缘故。
He hadn't heard of the old worm's name in the real medicine garden, and he didn't know if it was because he wasn't qualified enough, or because he hadn't been in the medicine garden long enough and had too few contacts.
第142章 寄养费这件事 Chapter 142: Foster Care Matters
园长和副园长一起上前和香云树沟通，最后除了副园长答应的那些交换物以外，园长又多付了一枚七级魔晶，总算换得香云树同意把生命之树的幼苗交出来。
The director and the deputy director stepped forward to communicate with Xiangyun Tree, and in the end, in addition to the exchange items promised by the deputy director, the director paid an extra seventh-level magic crystal, and finally in exchange for Xiangyun Tree's agreement to hand over the seedlings of the Tree of Life.
可怜那幼苗被送出来时，整个都蔫哒哒的，像是随时随地都会玩完。
When the poor seedling was sent out, the whole thing was wilting, as if it would be finished anytime and anywhere.
园长和副园长都心疼坏了。 The principal and deputy director were distressed.
副园长是专业培植大师，他拿出一个花盆，把生命之树幼苗小心翼翼地栽种进去。
The deputy director is a professional cultivator, and he took out a flower pot and carefully planted the seedlings of the Tree of Life.
王叶猜测那个花盆应该是一种空间魔器，培植师专用。 Wang Ye guessed that the flower pot should be a kind of space magic weapon, which was used exclusively by cultivators.
园长见幼苗到手，安心了，开始诱惑香云树留在药园，给出了各种丰厚待遇。
Seeing that the seedlings were in hand, the director was relieved, and began to tempt Xiangyunshu to stay in the medicine garden, giving various generous treatments.
王叶越听脸色越难看。 The more Wang Ye listened, the more ugly his face became.
虫老瞅瞅王小叶，好笑，冲着园长和副园长开口：“我说两位，那香云树已经答应和我徒弟契约，我徒弟还付出了那么大的代价，二位就不要再浪费时间了。”
The insect elder looked at Wang Xiaoye, funny, and said to the director and deputy director: "I said two, that Xiangyunshu has agreed to contract with my apprentice, and my apprentice has paid such a big price, so don't waste any more time." ”
副园长张了张嘴，但在看到王叶那满是郁闷气愤的小脸蛋后，又把到了嘴边的话吞了回去。他不傻，他才不会当个让看中的弟子讨厌的坏人呢！
The deputy director opened his mouth, but after seeing Wang Ye's little face full of depression and anger, he swallowed back the words that came to his mouth. He's not stupid, so he won't be a bad guy who makes his favorite disciples hate!
所以这个坏人只有让园长大人来当了。 So this bad guy has to let the head of the garden be the only one.
园长笑眯眯对虫老说道：“没想到虫老竟然收弟子了，这可是大喜事。不过虫老也是我们药园的支柱，难道不想我们药园发展得更好吗？我想这位小同学看在你这位师父的面子上，也会把树人留给药园。更何况，这棵香云树转化树人的能量可都是我们药园支付的。”
The director smiled and said to the insect elder: "I didn't expect the insect elder to accept disciples, this is a great joy." However, the worm elder is also the pillar of our medicine garden, don't you want our medicine garden to develop better? I think this little classmate, for the sake of your master's face, will also leave the tree man to the medicine garden. What's more, the energy of this Xiangyun Tree's transformation tree person is all paid for by our medicine garden. ”
“屁！”虫老实力强，对谁都不客气，园长在他眼里也一样：“你们不要错换概念。不是药园支付了香云树转化树人的能量，是你们用那些东西交换了生命之树幼苗而已。如果你们把生命之树幼苗还给我徒弟，并且要确保那幼苗的状态恢复到最良好状态。那才能说是药园付出了。”
"!" The old worm is strong and is not polite to anyone, and the director of the garden is the same in his eyes: "Don't change the concept by mistake." It's not that the Medicine Garden paid for the energy of the Xiangyun Tree transforming the treeman, it's that you exchanged those things for the seedlings of the Tree of Life. If you return the Tree of Life seedlings to my disciples, and make sure that the seedlings are restored to their best condition. That can be said to be the medicine garden's payment. ”
院长的笑容都快维持不住，他就讨厌这些护短的教授和大佬们，更讨厌这些大佬的弟子跑来药园闯祸，自己处理不了就喊他们的师父来给他们擦屁股。
The dean's smile was almost unstable, he hated these professors and bigwigs who protected their shortcomings, and even more hated that the disciples of these bigwigs came to the medicine garden to cause trouble, and if they couldn't handle it, they called their master to wipe their butts.
这个新生的情况虽然和那些讨厌鬼不一样，但有虫老撑腰和没有虫老那绝对是两码事。
Although the situation of this new student is different from those nasty ghosts, it is definitely different to have the support of the worm and not have the worm old.
至少他想随便用点学分之类的打发王叶，把生命之树幼苗和树人都留下来，基本是不可能了。
At least he wanted to use some credits or something to send Wang Ye away, and leave the Tree of Life seedlings and tree people behind, which was basically impossible.
虫老高傲地抬起下巴：“你们选吧，是要这棵还没转换成树人的香云树，还是要生命之树幼苗？”
The insect elder raised his chin proudly: "You guys choose, do you want this Xiangyun tree that has not yet been transformed into a tree man, or the seedling of the tree of life?" ”
副园长紧紧抱着花盆不放，一副谁要是让他放手幼苗，他就要跟谁拼命的模样。
The deputy director held the flower pot tightly, looking like if anyone asked him to let go of the seedlings, he would have to fight with whom.
园长两个都不想放弃，可是他也不想和虫老对上。 The director didn't want to give up, but he didn't want to face the worm either.
真把虫老惹火了，他要是放虫子祸害药园……这不太可能，但虫老不会祸害药园，却铁定会放虫子祸害他。
It's really annoying the worm old man, if he lets the worm plague the medicine garden...... This is unlikely, but the insect elder will not harm the medicine garden, but he will definitely release insects to plague him.
他可不希望走到哪里都被一堆虫子骚扰，比如吃饭啃面包啃出半只虫子，喝水喝完才发现杯底有虫，晚上睡觉床上都能抖出一堆虫子来……
He doesn't want to be harassed by a bunch of bugs everywhere he goes, such as eating and gnawing half a bug on bread, only to find that there are bugs at the bottom of the cup after drinking water, and a bunch of bugs can shake out of the bed at night......
只要想想那个情景，园长就浑身起鸡皮疙瘩。 Just thinking about that scene gave the director goosebumps all over his body.
园长十分幽怨地看向王小叶：新生，你运气可真好啊，竟然能让虫老这个老怪物收你为弟子，还这么为你撑腰。
The head of the garden looked at Wang Xiaoye very resentfully: Xinsheng, you are really lucky, you can let the old monster Worm Lao accept you as a disciple, and support you like this.
“如果这棵香云树愿意跟这位小同学契约，那我们自然不会阻止和破坏。毕竟这也是我们学校的学生，学生好了，我们学校才会更好。”院长又恢复笑容。
"If this Xiangyun Tree is willing to make a contract with this little classmate, then we will naturally not stop and destroy it. After all, this is also the student of our school, and the better the students, the better our school will be. The dean smiled again.
“不过，这棵香云树之前都是待在我们药园，它能成长到今天这个程度，吸收的都是我们药园的能量。这位小同学如果契约了香云树，但是把转化后的树人留下，那没什么好说的，我们药园不但会无比感激他，还会赠送他大量学分和他需要的其他材料。可如果他要带走树人，那么他是不是要付我们药园一点寄养费？”
"However, this Xiangyun Tree used to stay in our medicine garden, and it can grow to this level today, absorbing the energy of our medicine garden. If this little student contracts the Xiangyun Tree, but leaves the transformed Tree Man behind, then there is nothing to say, our Medicine Garden will not only be extremely grateful to him, but will also give him a large number of credits and other materials he needs. But if he wants to take the tree man away, then does he have to pay us a little foster care fee for the medicine garden? ”
王叶：……为什么我觉得这个园长好像某个人？ Wang Ye: ...... Why do I feel like someone is doing this?
虫老转头看王叶：“我可以为你付出这笔寄养费，不过你要……”
The worm elder turned his head to look at Wang Ye: "I can pay this foster care fee for you, but you have to ......"
“为什么要付寄养费？”王叶一脸不解，面对园长说道：“药园不是发布了任务想要解决药园内发生的种种怪事吗？还付出报酬找人来清除过于旺盛的野草。现在我帮你们找到并解决了源头，药园难道不应该感谢我？”
"Why pay foster care?" Wang Ye looked puzzled, and said to the director: "Didn't the medicine garden issue a task to solve all kinds of strange things that happened in the medicine garden?" They were also paid to find someone to remove overgrown weeds. Now that I've helped you find and solve the source, shouldn't the medicine garden thank me? ”
园长愣住，他还是第一次碰到这么厚脸皮的学生，偏偏这小孩说得貌似还很有理。
The principal was stunned, it was the first time he had met such a cheeky student, but this kid seemed to be very reasonable.
王叶继续振振有词道：“如果没有我发现这棵香云树，首先它不可能转化成功。其次，香云树如果转化即将失败，它肯定会拼命吸收周围的能量，只求最后一搏，到时候别说这片树林，大概三分之一个药园都保不住。想想看那时候药园将会有多大损失？可因为我，现在这些损失都消失了。”
Wang Ye continued to speak: "If I hadn't discovered this Xiangyun Tree, it would not have been able to transform successfully in the first place. Secondly, if the transformation of the Xiangyun Tree is about to fail, it will definitely desperately absorb the surrounding energy, just seeking the last fight, not to mention this forest, about one-third of the medicine gardens will not be able to keep it. Think about how much the medicine garden will be lost at that time? But because of me, now these losses are gone. ”
王叶昂起头，“要我说，药园就应该奖励我十万八万的学分，再把这株香云树送给我，然后再给我发一个优秀学生的奖状。”
Wang Ye raised his head, "If you want me to say, the medicine garden should reward me with 180,000 credits, give me this fragrant cloud tree, and then send me a certificate of merit for an outstanding student." ”
园长深吸气，对虫老道：“我现在明白您为什么要收他为弟子了。”
The head of the garden took a deep breath and said to the insect elder, "I now understand why you want to accept him as a disciple. ”
这就是一个老怪物一个小怪物，蛤蟆看绿豆，看对眼了！
This is an old monster and a little monster, the toad looks at the mung bean, and looks at the right eye!
虫老竟然很得意地笑了笑。 The worm elder actually smiled very proudly.
园长郁闷，但该说的话还是要说：“如果这棵树不能留在药园，那它从现在开始就不能随便吸收药园的能量。如果它非要留在这里转化，也不是不可以，我们药园也不是不近人情的存在。不过它消耗药园多少能量，作为它的契约者，你就得支付多少。你可同意？”
The director was depressed, but he still had to say, "If this tree can't stay in the medicine garden, then it can't absorb the energy of the medicine garden from now on." If it has to stay here and transform, it's not impossible, and our medicine garden is not an unkind existence. However, how much energy it consumes in the medicine garden, as its contractor, you have to pay as much as you have to pay. Do you agree? ”
王叶很想不同意，但是他也知道不能太不给园长面子，而且园长能这样轻易放弃树人，明显是看在虫老的面子上，他就算为了虫老在药园好做人，也不好真不给园长大人面子，就很高兴地说道：
Wang Ye wanted to disagree, but he also knew that he couldn't give the head of the garden too much face, and the head of the garden could give up the tree man so easily, obviously for the sake of the old man's face, even if he was a good person in the medicine garden for the old man, it was not good not to give the head of the garden face, so he said happily:
“我同意。园长您真是大好人，虽然您没有给我奖励学分，但您做事一看就公平公正，这个药园能有您做园长，真的是整个药园和学校之福。”
"I agree. Principal, you are really a good person, although you did not give me reward credits, but you do things fairly and justly, this medicine garden can have you as the principal, it is really a blessing for the entire medicine garden and the school. ”
园长被夸得尴尬癌都要犯了，但谁不喜欢听好话呢，尤其人小孩子笑得那么高兴，一口小白牙都露了出来。
The director of the kindergarten was praised so embarrassed that he was about to commit cancer, but who doesn't like to listen to good words, especially when children laugh so happily, and a mouthful of little white teeth are exposed.
自认很大度的园长摇摇头，对虫老笑道：“我很高兴您收了这个弟子，更高兴学校能有这么一个学生。我相信明年各校大比的时候，这个孩子一定会为我校争光。”
The principal, who thought he was very generous, shook his head and smiled at the worm elder: "I'm glad that you accepted this disciple, and I'm even more glad that the school can have such a student." I believe that when the schools compete next year, this child will definitely win glory for our school. ”
这种学生就适合送他去比赛，让他搅风搅雨去吧！ This kind of student is suitable for sending him to the competition, let him stir up the wind and rain!
虫老淡定又矜持地回复：“这小子也就凑合。” The insect elder replied calmly and reservedly: "This kid is okay." ”
园长……看虫老表情什么都不想说了。 Director...... I don't want to say anything when I look at the old insect's expression.
副园长一看氛围转好，觉得自己该出面了，就开口道：“转化树人要吸收药园多少能量，也很难有定量。要么这样吧，那些野草还没有除干净，不如就把清除药园野草的任务交给这孩子。另外再让他给药园配制一百桶一级培植液和二十桶二级培植液，配制材料我们药园提供。”
As soon as the deputy director saw that the atmosphere had improved, he felt that it was time for him to come forward, so he spoke: "It is difficult to have a quantitative amount of energy that the Transformation Tree Man has to absorb from the Medicine Garden. Otherwise, those weeds haven't been cleared yet, so it's better to leave the task of removing weeds from the medicine garden to this child. In addition, he asked him to prepare 100 barrels of first-level cultivation solution and 20 barrels of second-grade cultivation solution for the medicine garden, and the preparation materials were provided by our medicine garden. ”
园长沉吟，这两个任务，无论哪一个对于新生来说都不算太轻松。
The principal muttered, neither of these two tasks is too easy for the new students.
尤其是后者，园长甚至惊讶副园长的心狠手辣，竟然让一个刚入学的新生上来就配制一百桶一级培植液和二十桶二级。那是一百二十桶，可不是一百二十瓶。而且二级？是不是要求太高了？
Especially the latter, the head of the kindergarten was even surprised that the deputy director was ruthless, and even asked a freshman who had just entered the school to prepare one hundred barrels of first-level cultivation liquid and twenty barrels of second-level cultivation. That's one hundred and twenty barrels, not one hundred and twenty bottles. And second-degree? Isn't it too demanding?
副园长以为园长还是不愿意，就拿出一瓶培植液塞给园长。
The deputy director thought that the director was still unwilling, so he took out a bottle of cultivation liquid and gave it to the director.
园长先是不明其意，副园长示意他打开看看。 The principal didn't know what he meant at first, but the deputy director motioned for him to open it and take a look.
园长这才打开瓶子，仔细观察和嗅闻。 The director then opened the bottle and carefully observed and sniffed.
“这是？”园长惊讶。 "What is this?" The director was surprised.
副园长指了指王叶：“这瓶培植液就是那孩子配制出来的，而且他成功率很高，应该超过了百分之三十的成功率。”
The deputy director pointed at Wang Ye: "This bottle of cultivation liquid was prepared by that child, and his success rate is very high, it should exceed the success rate of thirty percent." ”
这个百分之三十是副园长根据静心茶山那边出现的培植液量计算出来。
This 30% is calculated by the deputy director based on the amount of cultivation liquid that appears on the side of Jingxin Tea Mountain.
理论上可以配制十五桶培植液的材料，王叶配制出了五桶，这不就是超过百分之三十的成功率吗？
Theoretically, fifteen barrels of cultivation liquid can be prepared, and Wang Ye has prepared five barrels, isn't this a success rate of more than 30 percent?
最出色的是，王叶是在很短的时间内配制出了那么多培植液，而且纯净度和配比度都近乎完美。
The best thing is that Wang Ye has prepared so many cultivation liquids in a very short period of time, and the purity and proportion are almost perfect.
目前副园长还不知道王叶的配制成功率是近乎百分百，那堆材料他只用了三分之一，剩下的三分之二都被他私吞了。
At present, the deputy director didn't know that Wang Ye's preparation power was nearly 100%, he only used one-third of the pile of materials, and the remaining two-thirds were swallowed by him.
园长见一个十岁不到的新生在制作培植液方面竟然能有这样的水平，也不禁起了爱才之心。
When the director saw that a freshman who was less than ten years old could have such a level in making cultivation liquid, he couldn't help but love talent.
“你们两位是不是还隐瞒了我什么事情？”园长似笑非笑地看看副园长，又看看虫老。
"Are you two still hiding something from me?" The director looked at the deputy director with a smile, and then at the old worm.
“他为什么泡在洗澡桶里？”园长早就想问这个问题了。
"Why is he soaking in the bathtub?" The principal had wanted to ask this question for a long time.
虫老：“哦，他背着我们偷偷挖树根，搞得满身泥，我嫌他太脏，就让他洗个澡。”
Old Worm: "Oh, he secretly dug up the roots behind our backs, and he was covered in mud, and I thought he was too dirty, so I asked him to take a bath." ”
副园长：“……对，就是这样。” Deputy Director: "...... Yes, exactly. ”
王叶冲着园长笑得特别灿烂。 Wang Ye smiled very brightly at the principal.
园长：“这孩子我看着很陌生，应该是这两天才进来做任务的吧？虫老这么快就看中了？还有你，老覃你对这孩子……”
Principal: "This kid looks very strange to me, he must have only come in for the past two days to do the task, right?" The worm took a fancy to it so quickly? And you, old Qin, you ...... this kid"
“他答应我会代表我培植学科参加魔法学校的学生专业大比，我很好看他。”副园长一口气说道。
"He promised me that I would represent my cultivation discipline to participate in the student professional competition of the magic school, and I look very well with him." The deputy director said in one breath.
园长了然，看来副园长让小孩配制一百桶一级培植液和二十桶二级，应该也不是心狠手辣，而是变相地在给对方提供练习的机会。没见材料都是药园提供吗？
The head of the kindergarten was clear, it seemed that the deputy director asked the child to prepare one hundred barrels of first-level cultivation liquid and twenty barrels of second-level cultivation liquid, which should not be ruthless, but in disguise to provide the other party with an opportunity to practice. Didn't you see that the materials were all provided by the medicine garden?
院长在心中轻哼，这明显是副园长在给小孩开小灶。 The dean hummed softly in his heart, this was obviously the deputy principal opening a small stove for the children.
但能同时被虫老和副园长看上的人才，园长自然也不想过度为难，如果可以，他也想抬抬手放过，但药园有药园的规矩，所以他同意了副园长的提议，但又加了一个条件。
But the talent who can be favored by the insect elder and the deputy director at the same time, the director naturally doesn't want to be overly embarrassed, if he can, he also wants to raise his hand and let it go, but the medicine garden has the rules of the medicine garden, so he agreed to the deputy director's proposal, but added another condition.
“我们药园确实发生了一些古怪的事情，但源头并不在这棵香云树上，至少我可以确定这点。但对方十分狡猾，一旦发现有高手出去找它，它就会躲起来。而你……你叫什么名字？”园长和蔼地问王叶。
"Something strange did happen in our medicine garden, but the source wasn't on this Xiangyun tree, at least I can be sure of that. But the other party is very cunning, and once it finds that a master has gone out to find it, it will hide. And you...... What is your name? The director asked Wang Ye kindly.
“大家都叫我小叶子。”王叶主要是担心这些大佬会在玩家面前叫破他的真名，虽然他的真名和隔壁小王这个ID相差还有些距离，但他做贼心虚嘛。
"Everyone calls me Little Leaf." Wang Ye is mainly worried that these bigwigs will call out his real name in front of the player, although his real name is still a little different from the ID of Xiao Wang next door, but he is a thief.
园长也不介意王叶只说出小名，“小叶子你既然是虫老的弟子，又是培植学科的学生，那么我希望你能为药园解决这个困扰，找出让药园发生怪事的源头，如果能解决就解决，不能解决就告诉我们。如此，我可以同意这棵香云树继续留在原地，直到它顺利转变为树人为止。”
The director didn't mind that Wang Ye only said his nickname, "Xiao Yezi, since you are a disciple of the insect elder and a student of the cultivation discipline, then I hope you can solve this problem for the medicine garden, find out the source of the strange things that happened to the medicine garden, if you can solve it, solve it, and tell us if you can't solve it." In this way, I can agree that the Xiangyun Tree will remain in place until it successfully transforms into a treeman. ”
王叶已经收到系统提醒，他又有了三个新任务。 Wang Ye has already received a reminder from the system that he has three new tasks.
王叶看着不菲的经验值奖励，一口答应，还拍胸脯说：“我是学校的学生，学校待我这么好，只要我力所能及，我也很愿意为学校、为药园做贡献。”
Wang Ye looked at the reward of a lot of experience points, agreed, and patted his chest and said: "I am a student of the school, the school treats me so well, as long as I can do my best, I am also willing to contribute to the school and the medicine garden." ”
香云树明显松了口气，它终于不用把它的根系一根根辛苦地缩回来了。
The Xiangyun Tree breathed a sigh of relief, it finally didn't have to retract its roots one by one.
院长只觉得眼皮子跳得慌，突然有点后悔他给小孩多加了一个任务。
The dean only felt that his eyelids were jumping, and he suddenly regretted that he had added an extra task to the child.
为什么他有种不太妙的预感？ Why did he have a bad premonition?
现在他只希望这看起来就不像是老实孩子的新生能真的老老实实去做任务，而不是把药园闹个鸡飞狗跳。
Now he just hopes that this doesn't look like an honest child's freshman can really do the task honestly, instead of making a mess of the medicine garden.
园长很想留下来观看香云树转化树人的整个过程，但他事情繁忙，不可能长时间待在这里，只能先离开去处理事情，说好等会儿再过来。
The director really wanted to stay and watch the whole process of the Xiangyun Tree's transformation into a treeman, but he was too busy to stay here for a long time, so he could only leave to deal with things first, saying that he would come back later.
园长一走，副园长就立刻凑到王叶的泡澡桶边，看着已经恢复正常肤色的小孩，惊讶道：“这解药真的管用？”
As soon as the principal left, the deputy principal immediately came to Wang Ye's bath bucket, looked at the child who had returned to normal complexion, and said in surprise: "This antidote really works?" ”
“那是。”王叶自豪。 "That's it." Wang Ye is proud.
虫老看到桶里的水没有变得乌黑，反而变得清澈，似乎明白了什么：“你不是排毒，你是在综合毒性？不，不止这样……”
Seeing that the water in the bucket did not become black, but became clear, the worm seemed to understand something: "You are not detoxifying, you are comprehensive toxicity?" No, it's more than that......"
虫老陷入沉思。 The worm elder fell into deep thought.
王叶奇怪无论是副园长还是虫老似乎都无意跟园长提他中了千木之毒的事，不知道是为了保护他的隐私，还是为了其他。
Wang Ye was strange, whether it was the deputy director or the insect elder, it seemed that he had no intention of mentioning to the director that he had been poisoned by a thousand trees, and he didn't know if it was to protect his privacy or for something else.
不过两人不说，对他也有好处，他也不想让自己中了千木之毒的事传得到处都是。
But if the two of them don't talk about it, it's also good for him, and he doesn't want the news of his poison to be spread everywhere.
副园长见王叶精神还行，又闲着没事，就把汲草术教给他了。
The deputy director saw that Wang Ye's spirit was okay and he was idle, so he taught him the technique of drawing grass.
他以为只解说就需要几天时间，没想到他只讲解了一遍并示范了一遍，那小鬼就点头说他懂了。
He thought it would take a few days to explain it alone, but he didn't expect that he only explained it once and demonstrated it once, and the little ghost nodded and said that he understood.
副园长：“你真的懂了？你还没有实操过，很多学生都是听课的时候觉得都懂，但真正上手就麻爪了。”
Deputy Director: "Do you really understand?" You haven't practiced it yet, and many students think they understand it when they listen to the class, but they are numb when they really get started. ”
王叶看看周围，地上连根杂草都没有，他也不好对着其他香云树施展，只好道：“您说得没错，这个汲草术和魔法阵有共通之处，它的关键就在精神力操控上。”
Wang Ye looked around, there was not even a single weed on the ground, and he was not good at using it against other Xiangyun Trees, so he had to say: "You are right, this grass drawing technique has something in common with the magic array, and its key lies in the control of spiritual power." ”
他别的也许一般般，但精神力操控是真的强。 He may be average in the rest, but his mental power control is really strong.
“就这样？你就都懂了？”副园长还是不太相信，他当年学这个汲草术都花了一个月时间理解和琢磨，后期实操更是练习了无数遍。
"That's it? You get the idea? The deputy director still didn't believe it, he spent a month understanding and pondering this herb technique, and he practiced countless times in the later practice.
王叶迅速改口：“其实我还不太懂，您要是不嫌麻烦，就再解说几遍吧。”
Wang Ye quickly changed his words: "Actually, I don't understand it yet, if you don't think it's troublesome, just explain it a few more times." ”
副园长忽然发现手有点痒，不知道是怎么回事。 The deputy director suddenly noticed that his hands were a little itchy, and he didn't know what was going on.
但副园长还是兢兢业业地把汲草术又翻来覆去解说了好几遍，并特地从林子外面弄了些野草回来示范给王叶看。
But the deputy director still conscientiously explained the grass drawing technique several times, and specially got some weeds from outside the forest and came back to demonstrate to Wang Ye.
“懂了吗？你可以先练习一下。” "Got it? You can practice it first. ”
正好药效也发挥得差不多，王叶就从泡澡桶里爬出来，穿好衣服，收起木桶，随手对着地上摆放的一堆野草施展了汲草术。
Just as the effect of the medicine was almost the same, Wang Ye climbed out of the bath bucket, got dressed, put away the wooden bucket, and casually performed the grass drawing technique on a pile of wild grasses placed on the ground.
绿色液体浮起，王叶迅速从虫巢里拿出大瓶子装上。这可都是植物精华和丰沛的生命能量，可不能浪费了。
The green liquid floated, and Wang Ye quickly took out a large bottle from the hive and put it on. It's all plant essence and abundant life energy, and it can't be wasted.
地上的野草则在瞬间全都枯萎。 The weeds on the ground withered in an instant.
副园长：“……”他还以为王叶会一棵棵进行练习。 Deputy Director: "......" He thought that Wang Ye would practice one by one.
刚才就一直没有开口说话的虫老忽然发出嗤笑，说道：“你太小看他了。这就是个……小混蛋！”
The insect elder who had not spoken just now suddenly sneered and said, "You underestimate him too much. That's a ...... Little bastard! ”
副园长深以为然。 The deputy director thinks so.
王叶：喂喂，大佬你们这是夸我呢，还是损我呢？ Wang Ye: Hey, big guy, are you praising me or hurting me?
香云树转化树人目测还需要几天时间，王叶留在这里也帮不了什么忙。
It will take a few days for the Xiangyun Tree to transform into a treeman, and Wang Ye will not be able to help much if he stays here.
但他小心眼作祟，怕他离开的时候，有人过来摘桃子，就在走之前，和香云树先定下了一个百年的劳务契约。
But he was cautious, afraid that when he left, someone would come to pick peaches, so before leaving, he and Xiangyunshu made a labor contract for a hundred years.
香云树非常干脆地同意了。它已经看出来了，它即将跟随的这个小家伙绝不是凡品，跟着他应该不会吃亏？
Xiangyunshu agreed very dryly. It has already seen that the little guy it is about to follow is by no means ordinary, and it shouldn't suffer a loss if it follows him?
副园长没走，他会留下来守护并观察这棵香云树转变。 The deputy director is not gone, he will stay to guard and observe the transformation of this fragrant cloud tree.
虫老也一样。 It's the same with worm age.
能亲眼见到一棵树自然转变为树人，这可是异常难得的体验，任谁也不会轻易放弃。
Seeing a tree transform into a tree man is a rare experience that no one will give up easily.
第143章 祸福相依 Chapter 143: Blessings and Misfortunes
王叶拉开任务面板，查看自己的队友都在哪里。 Wang Ye opened the task panel to see where his teammates were.
本来大家约好地球华夏时间19点在他那里集合，他还特意提前早上五点多就来制作培植液，后来看还有点时间，就带着生命之树幼苗去喂香云树，谁想到后面会发生一连串事情，就把集合的事给耽误了。
Originally, everyone made an appointment to gather at him at 19 o'clock in the earth Huaxia time, and he also deliberately came to make the cultivation liquid at five o'clock in the morning, and then saw that there was still some time, so he took the seedlings of the Tree of Life to feed the Xiangyun tree, who thought that a series of things would happen later, so the gathering was delayed.
不过他在队伍频道留了即时讯息，告诉他们自己暂时被一个任务绊住，无法及时赶往集合点，让队友们先做任务，如果有需要他的地方，就联络他或者给他留言。
However, he left an instant message on the team channel, telling them that he was temporarily stumped by a mission and could not get to the meeting point in time, and asked his teammates to do the task first, and if there was a need for him, contact him or leave him a message.
可能队友们看他年纪小的缘故？并不打算在他身上压很多事，反而纷纷留言让他好好做手上的任务，不用特意赶来。
Maybe his teammates look at him because of his young age? I didn't plan to put a lot of pressure on him, but left messages asking him to do the task at hand well, and he didn't have to come out of nowhere.
王叶通过寻找功能，发现四个绿色的点集中在一起，应该是四个人在一起做任务。
Wang Ye found that the four green dots were concentrated together by looking for the function, and it should be four people working together to do the task.
四玩家昨天已经从老莫那里了解到药锄主人的部分爱情故事，不过老莫告诉他们的故事并不包含药锄主人被杀那段，只说了药锄主人是死于自杀。
The four players have learned part of the love story of the owner of the medicine hoe from Lao Mo yesterday, but the story that Lao Mo told them does not include the part where the owner of the medicine hoe was killed, only that the owner of the medicine hoe died by suicide.
现在那四个人应该是通过老莫透露出来的信息，找到了药锄主人丢弃药锄的那口井，正在想办法下井把药锄捞出来。
Now those four people should have found the well where the owner of the medicine hoe discarded the medicine hoe through the information revealed by Lao Mo, and are trying to find a way to go down the well to fish out the medicine hoe.
这段过程中还会遇到一点危险，那口井意外的很深，下面连通了一条地下河。这也是第一个难关。
There is also a bit of danger along the way, as the well is unexpectedly deep and there is an underground river underneath. This is also the first hurdle.
四玩家需要潜水很久，还要在水底仔细寻找才能找到那柄药锄。运气不好的话，还会碰到几条盲眼鳗，被它们攻击。
Fourth, players need to dive for a long time and search carefully underwater to find the medicine hoe. If you're unlucky, you'll run into a few blind eels and be attacked by them.
不过盲眼鳗只是一级魔兽，只要玩家能稳住，一般都能应付过去。
However, the blind eel is only a first-level magical beast, and as long as the player can stabilize it, it can generally cope with it.
王叶不知道那四玩家有没有擅长水性的，他为了这个任务特意准备了潜水丸，含服一颗，可以闭气一个小时。
Wang Ye didn't know if the four players were good at water, he specially prepared a diving pill for this task, taking one, which could hold his breath for an hour.
没有类似的魔法和异术手段，也有其他方法进入河底，但会比较麻烦，耗时会很长。
There are no similar means of magic and magic, and there are other ways to get to the bottom of the river, but they can be more cumbersome and take a long time.
只是他无法解释他怎么会知道那口井里会需要潜水丸，所以昨晚他就没提，打算到了现场，大家实际尝试后，他再找个借口拿出潜水丸。
It's just that he couldn't explain how he knew that there would be a need for diving pills in that well, so he didn't mention it last night, and planned to go to the scene, and after everyone actually tried it, he found an excuse to take out the diving pills.
现在嘛，王叶就在队伍频道留言道：“我刚刚做了个任务，得到一个奖品，是三颗潜水丸。这个任务也和我们的主线任务有关，我怀疑这个潜水丸就是用在那口井里的，你们现在需要吗？”
Now, Wang Ye left a message on the team channel: "I just did a task and got a prize, which is three diving pills. This quest is also related to our main quest, I suspect this diving pellet is used in that well, do you need it now? ”
不到一秒就有一堆讯息跳出来，喊着要要要。 In less than a second, a bunch of messages popped up, shouting for it.
老王还抱怨了水井下面连通河道，地形复杂。 Lao Wang also complained that the river is connected to the river under the well, and the terrain is complicated.
副本中没办法使用邮箱和交易行的寄送功能，只能面对面交易。
There is no way to use the mailbox and transaction bank delivery function in the copy, so you can only trade face-to-face.
“马上到。”王叶驱使魔板赶了过去。 "Coming soon." Wang Ye drove the magic board over.
片刻后，王叶赶到那口井边，看到了四名队友。 A moment later, Wang Ye rushed to the well and saw four teammates.
老王和梵音身上都湿淋淋的，他们应该是尝试下过井水，但发现太深又上来了。
Lao Wang and Fanyin were both drenched, they should have tried to go down the well water, but found that it was too deep and came up again.
“潜水丸到。”王叶拿出一个小瓶子，抛给梵音，同时说道：“这里有三颗潜水丸，每含服一颗，可以闭气一个小时。要么三个人一起用一起下去，到了底下可以分头摸索，这要比一个人找快得多。要么只给一个人用，这样这个人曾经摸索过什么地方，自己有数，不会做重复工作。要么就一次一个人，但需要下去的人画图把找过的地方记下来，但这个比较麻烦还容易出错。”
"Diving pills have arrived." Wang Ye took out a small bottle, threw it to Fanyin, and said at the same time: "There are three diving pills here, each one can hold your breath for an hour." Either three people use it together and go down together, and when they get to the bottom, they can explore separately, which is much faster than finding it alone. Either it is only for one person, so that this person has groped for something, knows what he has done, and will not do repetitive work. Either it's just one person at a time, but the person who needs to go down draws a picture to write down the places you have found, but this is more troublesome and easy to make mistakes. ”
“小叶子，你简直就是及时雨！”碎月激动得喊。 "Little Yezi, you are simply timely rain!" Shattered Moon shouted excitedly.
梵音三人也连连感谢王叶，刚才王叶问他们要不要潜水丸，他们真的感觉是柳暗花明又一村。早上他们还想着小叶子做事有点不靠谱，说好到时间集合，结果人没来。没想到人家转头就送来了他们急需的东西。
The three of them also thanked Wang Ye again and again, just now Wang Ye asked them if they wanted diving pills, and they really felt that it was another village. In the morning, they still thought that Xiao Yezi was a little unreliable in doing things, and said that it would be good to gather at the right time, but no one came. Unexpectedly, people turned around and sent what they urgently needed.
就是昨天，也是人家提供了重要消息，他们才能那么快找到药锄下落。
It was only yesterday that they provided important news that they were able to find the whereabouts of the medicine hoe so quickly.
小李举手：“我来吧，这次本来就该轮到我下去了。” Xiao Li raised his hand: "I'll come, this time it should be my turn to go down." ”
老王担心道：“小李，你行吗？” Lao Wang was worried: "Xiao Li, are you okay?" ”
小李瞪眼：“不要问男人行不行！我游泳技术比老板你好得多，你就是在游泳池里练出来，我可是在江水里游过的。”
Xiao Li glared: "Don't ask a man if it's okay!" My swimming skills are much better than you, boss, you just practiced it in the pool, but I swam in the river. ”
“行，你能，那就看你的了。”老王拍拍小李。 "Okay, you can, that's up to you." Lao Wang patted Xiao Li.
“我也去吧，虽然有三颗潜水丸，但我们最后留一颗以防万一，两人下去，搜索范围能大一点，也能互相照应。”梵音道。
"I'll go too, although there are three diving pills, let's leave one at the end just in case, the two of them go down, the search range can be a little larger, and they can also take care of each other." Sanskrit sound.
老王闻言就也说要下去。 When Lao Wang heard this, he also said that he wanted to go down.
梵音阻止了他：“你刚刚才下去过，体力吃不消，我已经休息一会儿，恢复了不少。这事没什么好争抢的，我在这里多出力，等下说不定就要麻烦其他人在其他地方多出力。”
Fanyin stopped him: "You just went down, and your physical strength is unbearable, I have rested for a while and recovered a lot." There's nothing to fight about, I'm going to do more here, and I'm going to have to trouble others to do more in other places. ”
老王一想也是，就没再争。 Lao Wang thought about it, so he didn't fight anymore.
小李跟王叶问清楚潜水丸的用法，这才知道不是吞下去，而是要含在嘴里。
Xiao Li asked Wang Ye about the use of the diving pill, and then he knew that it was not to swallow it, but to put it in his mouth.
梵音倒出两颗潜水丸，分了一颗给小李，一颗自己含到嘴里。剩下的一颗，他放在瓶子里没动，又还给王叶。
Fanyin poured out two diving pills, divided one for Xiao Li, and put one in his mouth. The remaining one, he put it in the bottle and didn't move, and returned it to Wang Ye.
王叶接过，冷不丁又道：“能维持一个小时的潜水丸，说明药锄不太好找，甚至有可能遇到袭击，你们下水后千万小心。”
Wang Ye took it, and said coldly: "The diving pill that can last for an hour shows that the medicine hoe is not easy to find, and it may even be attacked, you must be careful after you go into the water." ”
梵音和小李悚然，连忙把武器都插到腰带上，方便等会儿随时拿取。
Fanyin and Xiao Li were terrified, and hurriedly inserted their weapons into their belts, so that they could be taken at any time later.
井口不是很宽，好在他们五个人都没有胖子，小李和梵音都是偏瘦体型，从井口下去很顺利。
The wellhead is not very wide, but fortunately, none of the five of them are fat, Xiao Li and Fanyin are both thin and smooth.
井壁上有挖出来的梯子，可以踩着一节节下。 There are ladders dug out of the wall of the well, and you can step on them section by section.
为了以防万一，大家在小李和梵音身上都拴了一根绳子。
Just in case, everyone tied a rope to Xiao Li and Fanyin.
这口井还比较古怪，你想用魔法直接下去还不行，必须要顺着井梯往下爬。
This well is still quite weird, and if you want to use magic to go down directly, you have to climb down the ladder.
否则王叶就把自己的魔板借出去了。 Otherwise, Wang Ye would have lent out his magic board.
等到了井底，小李和梵音游入地下河道，这时候绳子就不够长了，他们解开了绳子。
When they reached the bottom of the well, Xiao Li and Fanyin swam into the underground river, and at this time the rope was not long enough, and they untied the rope.
老王和碎月就扒在井口等待。 Lao Wang and Broken Moon waited at the mouth of the well.
王叶不想在这里干等，找到药锄就要花不少时间，还要听药锄述说他主人的爱情故事。
Wang Ye didn't want to wait here, it would take a lot of time to find the medicine hoe, and he had to listen to the medicine hoe tell his master's love story.
他把剩下的那颗潜水丸随手塞给碎月：“美女，这个你拿着，以防万一，我任务还有点尾巴，我去找找看还有没有与主线有关的线索。”
He stuffed the remaining diving pill into Broken Moon: "Beauty, you take this, just in case, I still have a bit of a tail on my mission, I'll go and see if there are any clues related to the main line." ”
“好的。”碎月郑重地接过潜水丸，问：“你那个任务难吗？要不要我们抽一个人和你一起做任务？”
"Okay." Broken Moon solemnly took the diving pill and asked, "Is your mission difficult?" Do you want us to draw someone to do the task with you? ”
王叶摇头：“还好，剩下的就是背药草名和制作培植液，过关就能让对方回答一个问题。”
Wang Ye shook his head: "Fortunately, all that remains is to memorize the name of the herb and make the cultivation liquid, and you can let the other party answer a question if you pass the level." ”
老王本来也想去帮忙，一听要背书，立马退缩。 Lao Wang also wanted to help, but when he heard that he wanted to endorse it, he immediately retreated.
碎月也迟疑了，她同样对药草名和如何做培植液没有半点底子。
Broken Moon also hesitated, she also didn't have the slightest knowledge of the name of the herb and how to make the cultivation liquid.
“辛苦你啦小叶子，这次任务真的大半都靠你了。”碎月说道。
"Thank you for your hard work, Xiaoyezi, most of this mission really depends on you." Broken Moon said.
王叶摆手：“别这么说。我也没做什么，主要还是我是这个学校的学生，所以做这个任务会有很多便利。我先走了，有什么事，队伍频道敲我。”
Wang Ye waved his hand: "Don't say that." I didn't do anything, mainly because I was a student at this school, so it would be very convenient to do this task. I went first, what's the matter, the team channel knocked me. ”
王叶踩着魔板离开。 Wang Ye stepped on the magic board and left.
老王和碎月看着潇洒离去的王叶都十分羡慕，他们也好想要那种能飞的滑板车。
Lao Wang and Broken Moon were very envious when they looked at Wang Ye who left in a dashing manner, and they really wanted that kind of scooter that could fly.
“竟然不是骑扫帚。”碎月低喃。 "It's not a broomstick." Broken Moon murmured.
老王神色古怪，有女孩在场，他也不好吐槽。他看了某魔法电影后，一直好奇那些魔法师们骑着扫帚不觉杠得慌吗？
Lao Wang looked weird, and with a girl present, he was not easy to complain. After watching a certain magic movie, he has always wondered if those magicians are panicking when they ride broomsticks?
在他看来，这个滑板车一样的魔板就比扫帚什么的人性化多了，也更现实。
In his opinion, this scooter-like magic board is much more humane and realistic than a broom or something.
如果他是魔法师，他除非喜欢自虐，否则他疯了才会骑着一把扫帚飞来飞去。
If he was a magician, he would be crazy to fly around on a broomstick unless he liked masochism.
王叶离开后第一件做的事情就是消灭那些野草。 The first thing Wang Ye did after leaving was to get rid of those weeds.
这些野草其实也在吸收和抢夺香云树的能量，他现在除去这些野草也能帮着香云树集中更多能量。
These weeds are actually absorbing and robbing the Xiangyun Tree of energy, and he can also help the Xiangyun Tree concentrate more energy by removing these weeds now.
多次使用汲草术后，王叶对汲草术已经越来越了解，也使用得越来越溜。
After using the herb for many times, Wang Ye has become more and more aware of the herb extraction technique, and has used it more and more.
他发现汲草术确实非常适合他，比他布置一个魔法阵要方便得多。
He found that the Grass Drawing Technique was indeed very suitable for him, much more convenient than setting up a magic circle for him.
最方便的就是他不用事先挖出药植，他只要用自己的精神力寻找标的野草，避开那些药植，然后再使用汲草术。
The most convenient thing is that he doesn't need to dig up the medicinal plants in advance, he only needs to use his spiritual power to find the target weeds, avoid those medicinal plants, and then use the grass drawing technique.
这大概也是副园长说的汲草术最困难的地方。 This is probably the most difficult part of the grass drawing technique that the deputy director said.
如果做不到像他这样大范围、多目标的瞄准，那么就只能一棵一颗解决。
If you can't aim at a wide range and multiple targets like him, then you can only solve it one by one.
可野草那么多，一棵棵解决要忙到什么时候？ But there are so many weeds, how long will it take to solve them one by one?
王叶一开始还只是小范围，十棵二十颗地汲取野草精华。等到熟练后，他就开始上百棵一起汲取。
At first, Wang Ye was only a small area, ten trees and twenty seeds to absorb the essence of wild grasses. When he became proficient, he began to draw hundreds of trees together.
等到了后半程，他就上千棵一起。 By the second half, he had thousands of trees together.
这对拥有因果之力的他来说太简单了，他只要用精神力瞄准那些野草后，使用【自投罗网】就能紧紧拉住那些野草，绝不会让汲草术弄错目标。
This is too simple for him with the power of cause and effect, as long as he uses his mental power to aim at those weeds, he can use [Self-Throwing Net] to hold those weeds tightly, and he will never let the grass drawing technique mislead the target.
至于会不会欠下这些野草的因果？ As for whether we owe the cause and effect of these weeds?
那就是这些野草倒霉了。因为香云树已经和他签约，成了他的劳工，那么和香云树争夺能量的这些野草就和香云树与他有了恩怨关系。
That's the weeds are out of luck. Because Xiangyunshu has signed a contract with him and become his laborer, then these weeds that compete for energy with Xiangyunshu have a grudge with Xiangyunshu and him.
何况他还接了除草任务。 What's more, he also took over the task of weeding.
野草也是可怜，需要的时候被人当宝，一块草坪都能卖到上千块，不需要的时候那就是祸害，可与蚊虫苍蝇害虫并列。
Wild grass is also pitiful, when it is needed, it is a treasure, a lawn can be sold for thousands of dollars, when it is not needed, it is a scourge, and it can be ranked with mosquitoes, flies and pests.
王叶再次感谢他修的因果之力基本是以人为本，否则他宁可就修习魔法。
Wang Ye once again thanked him for cultivating the power of cause and effect that was basically human-oriented, otherwise he would rather practice magic.
药园太大，王叶跑了整整一天，才把香云树辐射范围内的野草全部除尽。
The medicine garden was too big, and Wang Ye ran for a whole day before he could get rid of all the weeds within the radiation range of the Xiangyun Tree.
【玩家隔壁小王成功完成药园的委托任务之一，除草。特此奖励经验值两千点。】
[The player's next door, Xiao Wang, successfully completed one of the entrusted tasks of the medicine garden, weeding. Two thousand XP points are hereby awarded. 】
王叶转头又去找副园长，询问他照顾静心茶的任务是否已经算完成，毕竟那些静心茶已经不止长出两片叶子。
Wang Ye turned his head and went to the deputy director again, asking him if the task of taking care of the meditation tea had been completed, after all, those meditation teas had grown more than two leaves.
正在照顾生命之树幼苗的副园长心不在焉地道：“嗯，那个任务你完成得不错。”
The deputy principal, who was taking care of the seedlings of the Tree of Life, said absentmindedly, "Well, you did a good job in that task. ”
随即，系统的播报声在王叶脑中响起：【玩家隔壁小王成功完成药园的委托任务之二，帮助静心茶成长，并达到了平均每株至少多长出两片叶子的特殊要求。特此奖励经验值一千点。】
Immediately, the system's broadcast sound sounded in Wang Ye's mind: [Xiao Wang next door to the player successfully completed the second entrusted task of the medicine garden, helped Jingxin Tea grow, and met the special requirement of growing at least two more leaves per plant on average. Experience is awarded with 1,000 points. 】
“对了，你用的那个培植液配方卖吗？”副园长像是临时想起来一样，问道。
"By the way, is that cultivation liquid recipe you using for sale?" The deputy director asked, as if he had remembered it temporarily.
“卖啊。副园长大人，您看您愿意出多少？”王叶满脸谄媚。
"Sell. Deputy Principal, how much are you willing to give? Wang Ye's face was full of flattery.
副园长故意道：“一个学分？” The deputy director deliberately said: "A credit? ”
王叶：“……没诚心的话您就别提了。” Wang Ye: "...... If you're not sincere, don't mention it. ”
副园长哈哈大笑：“就一个一级配方，你也别太贪心了。最多五十个学分，不能再多了。”
The deputy director laughed: "It's just a first-class formula, don't be too greedy." Fifty credits at most, no more. ”
王叶皱眉：“那我能用学分换取材料吗？” Wang Ye frowned: "Then can I exchange credits for materials?" ”
“你要换取什么材料？” "What are you getting in exchange?"
“什么都可以，我需要大量材料练手。” "Anything goes, I need a lot of materials to practice."
“培植液配方呢？”副园长逗他。 "Where's the recipe?" The deputy director teased him.
王叶：“想要，但我买不起。” Wang Ye: "I want to, but I can't afford it." ”
副园长看看闭目冥想中的虫老，压低声音对王叶道：“如果你不要学分，我可以送你一个特殊资格，凭借这个资格，你可以进入学校图书馆，随意看八级以下所有培植液配方、种植学知识和相关术法。但你得保证必须上培植专业课程两年以上，你可以不去听课，但必须要报相关课程。”
The deputy head looked at the insect elder who was meditating with his eyes closed, and said to Wang Ye in a low voice: "If you don't want credits, I can give you a special qualification, with this qualification, you can enter the school library and read all the cultivation liquid formulas, implant knowledge and related spells below the eighth level at will." But you have to make sure that you have to take a professional course for more than two years, and you can skip the course, but you must apply for the relevant course. ”
王叶立马道：“可以，就要这个！” Wang Ye immediately said: "Yes, I want this!" ”
副园长也觉得满意，不愧是他看中的学生，果然上进得很。
The deputy principal was also satisfied, worthy of being his favorite student, and he was really motivated.
王叶心里雀跃万分：傻瓜才要五十学分。这个特殊资格不知道能让他省下多少学分，赚大了~。
Wang Ye was overjoyed in his heart: a fool only needs fifty credits. I don't know how many credits this special qualification can save him and make a lot of money~.
不过王叶也清楚副园长这是在故意弄好处给他，否则就一张一级培植液配方能给五十个学分都算多的了。
However, Wang Ye also knew that the deputy director was deliberately giving him benefits, otherwise it would be too much to give fifty credits to a first-level cultivation liquid formula.
副园长示意王叶把学生徽章给他。 The deputy principal motioned for Wang Ye to give him the student badge.
随后副园长朝学生徽章中打入一个魔法手印，学生徽章亮了亮。
Then the deputy principal punched a magic handprint into the student badge, and the student badge lit up.
副园长又把学生徽章还给王叶：“好了。你再去图书馆，八级以下的培植知识都会对你敞开。”
The deputy principal returned the student badge to Wang Ye: "Okay." If you go to the library again, the cultivation knowledge below level 8 will be open to you. ”
“谢谢副园长！”王叶真诚道谢。 "Thank you, Deputy Principal!" Wang Ye sincerely thanked him.
副园长挥挥手：“去制作培植液吧，通用的那种就可以。我已经让人把相应材料送到精心茶山脚下的工作室内。二级的会制作吗？”
The deputy director waved his hand: "Go make the cultivation liquid, the generic one will do." I've had the materials delivered to the studio at the foot of the Tea Mountain. Will the second-level ones be made? ”
王叶眼珠骨碌碌一转：“会……一点。” Wang Ye's eyes rolled: "Yes...... A little. ”
副园长很大方地拿出三张配方：“这是你需要配制的二级培植液配方，三种略有不同，但配制出来的培植液效果都差不多。去好好练习吧，有不懂的可以来问我。”
The deputy director generously took out three recipes: "This is the second-level cultivation solution formula you need to prepare, the three are slightly different, but the effect of the prepared cultivation liquid is almost the same." Go and practice well, and if you don't understand, you can ask me. ”
“谢谢副园长。” "Thank you, Deputy Director."
“你野草除得怎么样？如果一开始不顺利也不用担心，多练习练习就好。”副园长亲切道。
"How are you weeding? If it doesn't go well at first, don't worry, just practice more. The deputy director said kindly.
王叶拿出魔板，踩上去，这才回答：“已经除干净了。”
Wang Ye took out the magic board and stepped on it, and then replied: "It has been removed." ”
“嗯？除干净了？” "Huh? Cleaned? ”
“是啊，您要是不信可以出去看看。我先走了~”王叶操纵魔板迅速溜走。他怕副园长见他效率这么高，会再以关爱他学习之名，给他增加任务。
"yes, if you don't believe me, you can go out and have a look. I'll go first~" Wang Ye manipulated the magic board and quickly slipped away. He was afraid that the deputy director would see that he was so efficient, and would add tasks to him in the name of caring for him and learning.
副园长不信，抱着花盆跑出去绕了一圈，傻眼了。 The deputy director didn't believe it, so he ran out with the flower pot and went around, dumbfounded.
过了一会儿，副园长忽然像是凭空增添了几分活气，眉眼都灵动许多，自言自语一般地道：“这次学校来了一个有意思的学生呢。”
After a while, the deputy principal suddenly seemed to add a little vitality out of thin air, his eyebrows and eyes were much smarter, and he said to himself: "There is an interesting student from the school this time." ”
另一头，梵音等四名玩家在把最后一颗潜水丸也用掉后，终于找到了那把被丢弃的药锄，并听它说完了一个跟懒婆娘的裹脚布一样又臭又长的爱情故事。
On the other side, after using up the last diving pill, Fanyin and the other four players finally found the discarded medicine hoe and listened to it tell a love story that smelled as long as a lazy woman's footwrap.
四名玩家听完这个故事都不知道该如何吐槽。 The four players didn't know how to complain after listening to this story.
他们昨天听老莫说的时候，老莫说的特别简单，就说一个男生喜欢上一个女生，但那个女生不喜欢他，喜欢另一个男生，然后那个男生受不了打击，就一怒之下把自己心爱的药锄扔掉，又想不开地自杀了。
When they heard Lao Mo say it yesterday, Lao Mo said it was very simple, just say that a boy likes a girl, but that girl doesn't like him and likes another boy, and then the boy can't stand the blow, so he throws away his beloved medicine hoe in a fit of rage, and commits suicide without thinking about it.
谁想今天会在药锄这儿听到这么一个“荡气回肠”的故事。
Who would have thought that I would hear such a "heart-wrenching" story here in the medicine hoe today.
碎月做为女生，听完简直想吐。 As a girl, Broken Moon almost wanted to vomit after listening to it.
老王慨叹：“男主和女主的脑回路都和正常人不太一样。”
Lao Wang sighed: "The brain circuits of the male protagonist and the female protagonist are not the same as normal people. ”
小李也道：“药锄主人也有不对的地方，他应该知道那女的脑子有病吧？也知道那女的喜欢另一个男生，他还把人家女孩睡了。”
Xiao Li also said: "There is something wrong with the master of the medicine hoe, he should know that the woman's brain is sick, right?" also knew that the woman liked another boy, and he slept with the girl. ”
药锄愤怒反驳：“我主人不知道她脑子有病，我主人以为他已经用他的爱感动了那个女人！而且那天他们发生关系，也是那个女人主动勾引，那女人和我主人正式在一起后，从没有说过她喜欢的是另外一个人。”
Yao Hoe retorted angrily: "My master didn't know that she was sick in the brain, and my master thought he had touched that woman with his love!" And when they had sex that day, it was the woman who took the initiative to seduce, and after the woman and my master were officially together, she never said that she liked another person. ”
梵音不解：“那女的不是把你主人当成了另一个男生吗？她就没有喊错名字？”
Sanskrit was puzzled: "Didn't that woman think your master was another boy?" Didn't she call the wrong name? ”
“没有！所以我主人在知道事实真相后才会那么难以置信，还以为那个同级生暗中挖他墙角，这才会挑战那个同级生。”药锄瓮声瓮气地愤怒道。
"Nope! That's why my master was so unbelievable after knowing the truth, and thought that the peer was secretly digging into his corner, which would challenge the peer. The medicine hoe urn said angrily.
“有点怪啊。”梵音摸下巴。 "It's kind of weird." Sanskrit touched his chin.
碎月随口瞎叨叨：“我猜这女人不一定是真有病，我怀疑她没办法得到另一个男生，就退而求其次地选择了药锄主人，但后来可能发现另一个男生更有魅力，或者就是腻了药锄主人，就找了个借口甩掉他。”
Broken Moon chattered casually: "I guess this woman is not necessarily really sick, I suspect that she can't get another boy, so she retreats and chooses the owner of the medicine hoe, but later she may find that the other boy is more attractive, or she is just tired of the owner of the medicine hoe, so she finds an excuse to get rid of him." ”
“那什么借口最好，又最能博得别人同情？那自然就是她爱而不得导致精神出现问题。在这种情况下，不管那女生做出什么奇葩事，别人都会说‘哎呀，那女生也可怜，她是太爱某某男生了，求而不得才会变成那样’。然后会把所有过错都推到药锄主人身上，认为药锄主人故意占那女生便宜。”
What excuse is the best excuse to win the sympathy of others? That is naturally her love and must not cause mental problems. In this case, no matter what strange thing the girl does, others will say, 'Oh, that girl is also pitiful, she loves such and such a boy too much, and she can't ask for it to become like that'. Then all the fault will be put on the owner of the medicine hoe, thinking that the owner of the medicine hoe deliberately took advantage of the girl. ”
药锄冒声：“小姑娘你的推测非常合理。我看你还没有储物道具吧，前段时间，有人被杀死扔到了井里，后来他的尸体被捞出去，但他的储物手镯落了下来，你要吗？送给你。”
The medicine hoe snorted: "Little girl, your speculation is very reasonable. I see you don't have storage props yet, some time ago, someone was killed and thrown into a well, and then his body was fished out, but his storage bracelet fell, do you want it? To you. ”
啪嗒，一个手镯落到了碎月怀里。 With a click, a bracelet fell into Shattered Moon's arms.
碎月呆滞。 The Broken Moon is sluggish.
其他三玩家：……卧槽！羡慕乘以N次方！ Other 3 players: ...... it! Envy multiplied to the Nth power!
所有人都求而不得的储物道具啊，竟然就这么简单出现，并给了出去。
The storage props that everyone couldn't ask for appeared so simply and gave them away.
“呜呜，我现在也要因为求而不得和妒忌患上精神病了，谁来送我一个安慰剂，哪怕半个立方的储物小破包也好啊。”小李假哭。
"Woo, I'm going to suffer from psychosis now because of begging and jealousy, who will give me a placebo, even if it's half a cubic storage bag." Xiao Li faked crying.
碎月也想哭。她是很高兴能得到一个储物手镯，这简直就是意外之喜的意外之喜。但就不能悄悄给她吗？
Broken Moon wants to cry too. She was so happy to get a storage bracelet, it was nothing short of a surprise. But can't you give it to her quietly?
这也幸亏这次的队友人都不错，否则现在她就已经横尸当场了。
It's also fortunate that her teammates this time are good, otherwise she would have died on the spot by now.
但碎月还是很害怕啊。她都不敢去看队友们的眼睛，她真的不想后面时时刻刻怀疑队友要谋害她。
But Broken Moon is still scared. She didn't dare to look into the eyes of her teammates, she really didn't want to suspect her teammates of murdering her all the time.
她是不是应该马上退出这个副本，带上储物手镯溜之大吉？还是把手镯当做大家共同所得，共同分配？
Should she quit this quest right away and slip away with her storage bracelet? Or do you think of the bracelet as a common income and a common distribution?
梵音打岔，询问药锄：“前段时间有人被杀？是多久的前段时间？死者是谁？为什么而死？谁杀了他？”
Sanskrit interrupted and asked the medicine hoe: "Someone was killed some time ago?" How long ago was it? Who is the deceased? Why did you die? Who killed him? ”
老王一拍脑门：“对哦。这说不定是个支线任务，也有可能与主线任务有关。”
Lao Wang patted his head: "That's right." This may be a side quest, or it may be related to the main quest. ”
小李对碎月扮了个鬼脸：“美女，把手镯戴起来吧，别担心，哥们都不是坏人，不会抢你的手镯，也不会说出去。大家说对不对？”
Xiao Li grimaced at Broken Moon: "Beauty, put the bracelet on, don't worry, buddies are not bad people, they won't snatch your bracelet, and they won't say it." Isn't that right? ”
梵音和老王一起点头。
梵音明确表明：“谁都想要储物道具，但你能得到，相信我们以后也能得到。犯不着为了游戏中一个道具，去抢夺一个女孩，我们又不是人渣。”
老王也笑着道：“就是。月月美女啊，你真不用担心哈。你现在赶紧看看这个手镯能否认主，赶紧认主，再看看这个手镯里面的空间有多大，说不定我们后面一些大型物资就要放在你那里了。”
碎月放松下来，对着队友们露出甜美笑容：“谢谢兄弟们~，如果有谁想要这个手镯，也不用客气，五百金币我就卖。”
三人一起摆手，他们没那个财力。
碎月到底戴上了手镯。
三个男生羡慕碎月的运气，但同时他们的士气也被大大鼓舞起来。
看来游戏中不是弄不到储物道具，只是看你有没有那个运气。
等把主线任务完成，他们可以慢慢扫荡这个药园，说不定还能发现其他宝贝，就算没有储物道具，相信也会有其他魔法道具出现。
谁也没有注意到，碎月戴上手镯的同时，微垂的眼眸忽变得一片茫然，过了数秒才恢复正常。
第144章 三无药剂
王叶回到棚屋工作室，就发现培植液材料已经送来，上百个箱子堆积在那里。
看着这么多材料，虽然只是一级二级，但王叶还是意气风发。
我的，都是我的！
副园长果然够意思，他虽然跟园长说他的成功率在三分之一左右，实际上给他送来的药材却是按照成功率五分之一来计算。
也就是五份材料出一份成品就可以。
但他成功率近乎百分百，这就相当于这里面八成的材料都是他的报酬，爽死了！
他还凭白赚到三张二级培植液配方，更不要说副园长还送了他那么一个随便看书的资格。
得到这么多好处，王叶干活也特别卖力气。
他在入睡前吭哧吭哧把一百二十桶培植液全部配制了出来。
当然，他没有立刻把培植液交出去，那也太夸张了。
做完培植液，王叶查看队伍频道，发现队伍频道很安静。
他留言询问有没有什么需要他帮忙的，以及药锄是不是找到。
等了一会儿，看到碎月回复：药锄找到了，我们已经在调查药锄主人的真正死因。药锄说它主人的灵魂还在药园中，而且被困住了，说它能感觉到它主人灵魂非常痛苦，我们怀疑有人可能把药锄主人的灵魂拘禁了起来。
王叶：那你们查到线索了吗？如果没有，我这里得到一个线索，有人建议我去药园荣誉展览墙看一幅魔法照片，说上面有药锄主人和他喜欢的那个女生的影像。
碎月：知道了，谢谢你提供的消息，我们这就去看看。
王叶：其他人呢？
碎月：他们都在忙着做任务，现在只有我稍微有点空。等打完这些小怪，等会儿我们就下线休息了，你也早点休息吧，明天见^^
王叶：嗯，晚安。
王叶微微皱眉，小怪？哪里来的小怪？难道其他队员又无意开启了其他支线任务？
按照正常程序，当玩家从药锄那里知道药锄主人灵魂被困在药园某处后，就会根据药锄提供的一条线索去找药锄主人的遗物，然后在寻找遗物途中，运气好会找到一两个低级魔法道具，之后就会一路找到药园荣誉展览墙，看到那幅魔法照片。
再然后就看玩家的记忆力了，因为玩家在寻找药锄主人遗物的过程中，一定会遇到一个女子。
如果有玩家能回忆起来那女子的相貌和照片中女主的相貌很像，那么恭喜你，这个任务就快接近尾声了。
如果没有，则还需要绕圈圈，比如接到一个寻找宠物魔兽的支线任务，后来却发现那只宠物魔兽死了，灵魂被人吞噬。
从这个任务，再触发一个寻找吞噬魔兽灵魂者的支线任务。
总之，这些支线任务最后都是指向那名女主。
王叶查看队友下落，发现四个人都待在一起，而且都是绿色状态。
Wang Ye checked the whereabouts of his teammates and found that all four of them were staying together, and they were all in a green state.
王叶就不再担心，以为他们是触发了某个他不知道的支线任务，这也很正常，看他自己就触发了多少上辈子游戏攻略里没有提到过的任务。
王叶回到虫巢休息，一和雷木见面，就炫耀道：“木木，你看我，看我有什么变化了吗？”
雷木已经发现了，欣喜道：“你炼制出了那支三级魔药？”
疯药王也飘来了，满脸怀疑地道：“怎么可能？你不是说你的能量不足以支撑你炼制三级魔药吗？你怎么可能……你找别人帮你炼制了？”
疯药王说到后面，声音就拔高了八度。
王叶单手捂住耳朵，拉着雷木就走。
疯药王紧追不放，叨叨不停：“你怎么能找别人来炼制千木之毒的解药？你这样做就是作弊！你怎么能这样，这简直就是……”
“砰！”小二楼的大门差点拍在疯药王的脸上。
疯药王气得跳脚，站在屋外不停大骂王叶偷懒不上进还不尊师重道。
The mad medicine king jumped to his feet in anger, stood outside the house and kept scolding Wang Ye for being lazy and not respecting his teacher.
进了屋，王叶跟雷木说他找到一名很厉害的大佬，以药方为代价请对方帮忙炼制了那支三级药剂。
Entering the house, Wang Ye told Lei Mu that he had found a very powerful boss and asked the other party to help refine the third-level potion at the cost of the prescription.
“看来你的研究方向还是对的。”雷木很是为王叶高兴。
"It seems that your research direction is still correct." Lei Mu was very happy for Wang Ye.
他不像疯药王，他觉得王叶研究出来的药方有用，就足以证明王叶有解决千木之毒的能力。至于小叶子自己不能炼制三级药剂，那也是小叶子年龄太小的缘故。实力有时候也是需要靠时间来积累的。
He is not like the Mad Medicine King, he thinks that the prescription researched by Wang Ye is useful, which is enough to prove that Wang Ye has the ability to solve the poison of a thousand trees. As for Xiao Yezi's inability to refine third-level elixirs by himself, that was also because Xiao Yezi was too young. Strength sometimes takes time to build.
“爸叽，皮卡皮卡叽~”金宝嘲笑王叶终于不再是活尸的模样。
"Dad, Pickup Pickup~" Jinbao laughed at Wang Ye and finally stopped looking like a living corpse.
王叶把金宝丢到水池里，很想给金宝也来一支千木之毒。
Wang Ye threw Jinbao into the pool, and wanted to give Jinbao a thousand wood poison as well.
两人一边吃晚饭，一边聊了聊学校里发生的事情，中间金宝跑出来捣乱，皮卡皮卡叽的插嘴，一家人其乐融融？
While the two were having dinner, they chatted about what happened at school, and in the middle Jinbao ran out to make trouble, and Pickup Pickup interjected, and the family was happy?
“小光它们呢？”雷木发现还少了一些成员。 "Where's the little light?" Remu discovers that some members are missing.
王叶道：“它们在我的任务地点发现不少能量充足的食物，一个个都乐不思归了。不用管它们，等它们吃饱了，想回来自然会回来。”
Wang Ye said: "They found a lot of energy-rich food at my mission site, and they were all happy. Leave them alone, when they are full, they will come back naturally if they want to come back. ”
雷木笑，又提到俞希望又跑来找他们，想跟他们再订一批药剂放到她姐的旅馆里卖。
Lei Mu smiled, and mentioned that Yu wanted to come to them again, wanting to order another batch of potions with them and sell them in her sister's hotel.
之前王叶就陆续放了一些药物在心愿旅馆贩卖，但他那时毫无名气，制作的又是普通药物，一开始药卖得很慢，但随着使用者亲身体会到这些药物的好处，就有了回头客。
Wang Ye had successively put some medicines to sell in the Wish Hotel, but he was not famous at that time, and the drugs he made were ordinary medicines, and the medicines were sold very slowly at first, but as the users experienced the benefits of these medicines, there were repeat customers.
回头客又推荐了一些人购买，这些人再成为回头客，王叶制作的那些药物总算没变成滞销货。
The repeat customers recommended some people to buy it, and these people became repeat customers, and the drugs made by Wang Ye finally did not become unsalable.
王叶能制作魔法药剂后，还提供了一些一级魔法药剂放到心愿旅馆贩卖，但超凡者一般不会在那么一个普通旅馆里购买魔法药剂，他们要购买药剂也会去专门的魔药店，如果是学校学生，则宁可在校内进行交易。
After Wang Ye was able to make magic potions, he also provided some first-level magic potions to sell in the Wish Hotel, but transcendents generally did not buy magic potions in such an ordinary hotel, and they would also go to a special magic potion shop if they wanted to buy potions, and if they were school students, they would rather trade them in the school.
而普通人就算知道这些魔法药剂和那些普通药物的制作者都是同一人，可他们用不上魔法药剂，就算用得上，也因为价格的缘故，不太舍得下手。
And even if ordinary people know that these magic potions and those ordinary drugs are made by the same person, they can't use magic potions, and even if they can use them, they are not very willing to start because of the price.
所以王叶制作的魔法药剂几乎卖不动，反倒是普通药物卖得很快。
Therefore, the magic potions made by Wang Ye could hardly be sold, but ordinary medicines were sold quickly.
老板娘俞心愿也有大力推荐，但魔法药剂也不能随便乱吃，客人们见俞心愿拿不出制作者的魔药师资格证明，自然不会随便乱买。
The proprietress Yu Xinyuan also strongly recommends it, but the magic potion can't be eaten casually, and the guests see that Yu Xinyuan can't get the maker's potions master qualification certificate, so they naturally won't buy it casually.
俞心愿还特地让她妹传话给王叶，让他抽空去考个药师资格。
Yu Xinyuan also specially asked her sister to send a message to Wang Ye, asking him to take the time to take the pharmacist qualification.
王叶也有这个打算，但他实在太忙，就耽搁了。 Wang Ye also had this plan, but he was too busy, so he delayed.
药剂的炼制者没有药师资格，这样的药剂谁敢买？无奈，王叶的魔法药剂就这么滞销了。
The refiner of the potion does not have the qualification of a pharmacist, so who would dare to buy such an elixir? Helplessly, Wang Ye's magic potion was so unsalable.
然而就在两天前，一支佣兵队住进心愿旅馆，他们刚从沼泽森林出来，队员不少人受伤，但收获也不错。
However, just two days ago, a team of mercenaries stayed at the Wish Hotel, they had just come out of the swampy forest, and many of the team members were injured, but the harvest was good.
佣兵队正准备卖掉收获，再去魔药店买点药疗伤。 The mercenaries are preparing to sell their harvest and go to the potion shop to buy some medicine to heal their wounds.
其中一名队员就喜欢和美女口花花，没事都要和美女聊两句，他也不会做什么，就是喜欢撩骚。
One of the team members likes to talk to beautiful women, and he has to chat with beautiful women when he has nothing to do, and he doesn't do anything, he just likes to flirt.
这不，这位见俞心愿长得好看，身上还带着伤就过来撩了。
No, this person saw that Yu was good-looking, and he still had injuries on his body, so he came over to tease.
俞心愿见惯各种人，和这人打屁了几句，趁机推销了王叶炼制的一级疗伤魔药。
Yu Xinyuan was used to seeing all kinds of people, so he farted a few words with this person, and took the opportunity to sell the first-level healing potion refined by Wang Ye.
那佣兵见这疗伤魔药的价格比魔药店的要便宜一些，虽然担心便宜没好货，但看在美女的面子上，到底还是买下一支。
The mercenary saw that the price of this healing potion was cheaper than that of the potion shop, although he was worried that it would not be good, but for the sake of the beauty's face, he still bought one in the end.
等回房后，队友知道他买了旅馆柜台里的药剂，都嘲笑他，认为他被美色迷惑做了糊涂事。
When he returned to his room, his teammates knew that he had bought the potion at the hotel counter, and they all laughed at him, thinking that he was confused by beauty and did something foolish.
那佣兵心中也后悔，但嘴巴上不忘逞强辩解：“老板娘说了那药剂是陨星魔法学校的天才学生亲手炼制，药效一流，在外面都买不到，她也是认识对方，有点交情才弄到一点。”
The mercenary also regretted it in his heart, but he didn't forget to defend himself in his mouth: "The boss lady said that the potion was refined by the genius students of the Meteorite Magic School, and the medicinal effect was first-class, and it couldn't be bought outside, and she also knew each other, and she only got a little bit of friendship." ”
队友根本不相信，说这就是老板娘的促销手段，保证没半句实话，还说这药剂说不定就是什么落魄的药剂学徒炼制糊口的，也许吃不死人，但药效肯定很一般，杂质也会很多。
The teammates didn't believe it at all, saying that this was the proprietor's promotional method, guaranteeing that there was no half of the truth, and that this potion might be some kind of down-and-out potion apprentice refining to make a living, maybe it wouldn't kill people, but the effect of the medicine must be very average, and there will be a lot of impurities.
佣兵拿出药剂证明这瓶药剂看着很清澈。 The mercenary took out the potion to prove that the bottle looked very clear.
结果就有队员说这不会是假的魔法药剂吧？ As a result, some team members said that this can't be a fake magic potion, right?
该佣兵一气之下就仰头把这瓶疗伤药剂喝了。 In a fit of rage, the mercenary tilted his head and drank the bottle of healing potion.
队员们大惊，他们只是调侃，并没有想让队友倒霉。 The players were shocked, they just teased and didn't want to make their teammates unlucky.
谁想对方竟然就这么大胆地把这瓶三无药剂给喝了。 Who would have thought that the other party would be so bold to drink this bottle of three-no elixir.
队员们都很担心这名队友， The players were worried about this teammate,
该佣兵心中也懊悔万分，可喝都喝下了，他还能吐出来还是怎么滴？
The mercenary was also full of regret in his heart, but after drinking all the drinks, could he still spit it out or how to drop it?
片刻后，该佣兵忽然觉得伤口有点痒，他很担心，就把绷带解开来看。
After a while, the mercenary suddenly felt a little itchy wound, and he was very worried, so he untied the bandage and looked at it.
其他队员围过来看。 The rest of the team gathered around to watch.
就见该佣兵身上的伤口肉眼可见地开始恢复，不到片刻就全长好了。
I saw that the wounds on the mercenary's body began to recover visibly, and they were all healed in less than a moment.
佣兵们：“……” Mercenaries: "......"
“这效果是不是太好了？”一名佣兵呢喃。 "Isn't that great?" A mercenary muttered.
“你有没有觉得其他地方不舒服？比如生命力透支、精神力过度疲乏什么的？”队长问。
"Have you ever felt uncomfortable elsewhere? For example, vitality overdraft, mental exhaustion or something? The captain asked.
“没啊，我感觉我现在可以一拳打死一头三级魔兽！”该佣兵站起来蹦跶两下，把所有绷带全部解下，发现身上所有伤口都长好了。
"No, I feel like I can kill a third-level demonic beast with one punch right now!" The mercenary stood up and staggered twice, untied all the bandages, and found that all the wounds on his body had healed.
“这药剂的效果真有这么好？”队员们还是很担忧。 "Is this potion really so good?" The players are still worried.
还是队长比较有见地，他果断道：“我去买一支，送到药师公会检测看看，反正检测也要不了多少钱。如果检测结果没什么问题，我们就把这里的一些常用魔法药剂买下来。”
The captain was more insightful, and he said decisively: "I'll buy one and send it to the Pharmacist Guild for testing, anyway, it won't cost much to test." If the test results are okay, we'll buy some of the commonly used magic potions here. ”
“对啊，这里的药剂要比魔药店的便宜多了，如果药效也这么好……”
"Yes, the potions here are much cheaper than those in the potion shop, if the medicine is so good......"
佣兵队员们眼睛都亮了。 The mercenary members' eyes lit up.
当即，队长就下去买了一支同样的疗伤药剂，然后就和那名伤势全好的爱撩骚队员去了药师公会。
Immediately, the captain went down to buy the same healing potion, and then went to the Pharmacists' Guild with the flirtatious team member who was all injured.
检测结果刚出来，负责检测的人和一名药师就跑来询问他们这药剂是从哪里弄来的。
As soon as the test results came out, the person in charge of the test and a pharmacist came to them and asked them where they got the medicine.
两人担心无比，以为这药剂有什么问题。 The two of them were extremely worried, thinking that there was something wrong with the potion.
跑来的药师忙道：“没问题没问题，我们是发现检测结果太好了，想知道这药剂是出自哪位大师之手。如果你们有多的，能不能卖给我们几支？”
The pharmacist who came over hurriedly said: "No problem, no problem, we found that the test results are too good, and we want to know which master this potion came from." If you have many, can you sell us a few? ”
队长留了个心眼，没说这药剂是哪里买的，只追问检测结果。
The captain kept an eye on it, and didn't say where he bought the potion, but only asked about the test results.
药师和检测者只好把检测结果拿出来。 Pharmacists and testers had no choice but to take out the test results.
两佣兵看到检测结果，就明白为什么会有药师跑出来找他们买药剂。
When the two mercenaries saw the test results, they understood why some pharmacists came out to buy potions.
因为心愿旅馆卖的这支魔法疗伤药剂的纯净度竟然达到了99%！
Because the purity of this magical healing potion sold at the Wish Hotel has reached 99%!
这数据简直不可思议。 That's an incredible statistic.
除了纯净度，药材配比也被检测出黄金配比的结果。 In addition to the purity, the ratio of medicinal herbs is also detected as a result of the gold ratio.
通常根据配比的精准度，检测结果会分为金银铜铁四级，黄金配比最高，黑铁级配比最低。而比黑铁配比还要低的配比精准度就属于不合格品。
Usually, according to the accuracy of the ratio, the detection results will be divided into four grades: gold, silver, copper and iron, with the highest proportion of gold and the lowest proportion of black iron. The accuracy of the ratio is lower than that of black iron, which is a substandard product.
只冲着这纯净度和配比度，就能知道这药剂的药效绝对比市面上的同类药剂效果都要好。
Just by this purity and proportion, you can know that the efficacy of this medicine is definitely better than that of similar drugs on the market.
价格都一样，一个药效更好、副作用更小，你会买哪一个？
The price is all the same, the one with better efficacy and fewer side effects, which one will you buy?
队长心都颤抖了，这可是个好机会啊，现在大家都不知道心愿旅馆的药剂如此出色，他现在入手，不管是自己用，还是转卖，都不会亏。
The captain's heart trembled, this is a good opportunity, now everyone doesn't know that the potion of the Wish Hotel is so good, he starts now, whether he uses it himself or resells it, he will not lose money.
队长搪塞了那名药师，说是偶尔得来，就因为不知道来历，才会送来检测，说完就拉着那名傻眼的队友匆匆跑了。
The captain prevaricated the pharmacist, saying that he came occasionally, and because he didn't know the origin, he would send it for testing, and after saying that, he pulled the dumbfounded teammate and hurried away.
一回到心愿旅馆，队长跟老板娘确定了那些药剂都是出自一人之手，立刻就买了一些常用药剂。
As soon as he returned to the Wish Hotel, the captain and the proprietress confirmed that the potions were made by one person, and immediately bought some commonly used potions.
队长倒是恨不得把这节柜台里的药剂都包圆了，可惜钱不凑手。
The captain was eager to wrap up all the potions on the counter in this section, but unfortunately the money was not available.
队长又赶紧拉上队友去找人卖掉他们从沼泽森林弄来的收获。
The captain hurriedly grabbed his teammates and went to find someone to sell the harvest they had made from the swampy forest.
这支佣兵队的举动引起了一名正在大堂吃饭的魔法学徒的注意。
The mercenary team's actions caught the attention of a magic apprentice who was eating in the lobby.
这名魔法学徒也三十好几了，基本绝了成为初级魔法师的希望，他现在就靠一个不大的种植园糊口。
The apprentice was in his thirties, and his hopes of becoming a junior magician were almost gone, and he was now living on a small plantation.
“老板娘，那佣兵队是怎么回事？匆匆忙忙的，还看起来那么兴奋？”安老板走到柜台跟老板娘打探。
"Boss, what's going on with the mercenary team? In a hurry, and still look so excited? Boss An walked to the counter and asked the proprietress about it.
俞心愿可不会帮那些佣兵队隐瞒他们的打算，虽然她不知道佣兵们把药剂送去药师公会检测的事，但她可以告诉别人，他们想把这些药剂全都包圆的事。
Yu Xinwan wouldn't help the mercenaries hide their plans, although she didn't know about the mercenaries sending the potions to the Apothecary Guild for testing, she could tell others that they wanted to cover all the potions.
“这些佣兵都鬼精得很，之前有个伤患买了一支，大概看效果好，就又买了一支，但他们买下来却没有立即用，也不知跑哪儿跑了一圈，回来就恨不得把我这节柜台里的药剂都包圆。”
"These mercenaries are very ghostly, there was an injured patient who bought one before, probably seeing that the effect was good, so he bought another one, but they didn't use it immediately, and they didn't know where to run around, and when they came back, they wanted to wrap all the potions in my counter."
“他们会不会去了药师公会送检？”安老板猜测。 "Will they go to the Pharmacist Guild for testing?" Boss Ann guessed.
俞心愿一拍柜台：“很有可能。” Yu Xinyuan slapped the counter: "Very likely." ”
俞心愿心里苦呀，她早就想把这些药剂送去药师公会检测，但这不是王叶还没有拿到药师资格证明吗，而陨星城有明确规定，如果没有药师资格，那无论谁炼制出来的药剂都不能随便贩卖。尤其是魔法药剂！
Yu Xinyuan felt bitter in her heart, she had long wanted to send these potions to the Pharmacist Guild for testing, but didn't Wang Ye have not yet obtained the pharmacist qualification certificate, and Falling Star City had clear regulations that if there was no pharmacist qualification, then whoever refined the potions could not be sold casually. Especially magic potions!
虽说上有政策下有对策，不少还没取得正式药师资格的学徒都在偷偷把自己的作品拿出来贩卖，但这种事你可以暗中做，却不能明着来。
Although there are policies and countermeasures, many apprentices who have not yet obtained formal pharmacist qualifications are secretly selling their works, but you can do this kind of thing secretly, but you can't do it openly.
俞心愿又不是到处跑的佣兵，她家底就在这儿，她把药剂送去检测，别人问她炼制者是谁，对方有没有药师资格，她要怎么回答？
Yu Xinyuan is not a mercenary running around, her family is here, she sent the potion for testing, others asked her who the refiner was, and whether the other party had the qualification of a pharmacist, how would she answer?
到时候让药师公会和治安局知道她卖三无药剂，她这个旅馆也别开下去了。
When the time comes, let the Pharmacist Guild and the Public Security Bureau know that she sells three no-no medicines, and she will not open this hotel.
“你这些药剂到底是谁做的？”安老板小声问。 "Who the hell made these potions?" Boss An asked in a low voice.
俞心愿叹息：“我们认识这么久，我也不瞒你，其实这药剂真的是陨星魔法学校一个天才学生炼制的，只是他学习太忙，还没抽出时间去考药师资格证，但我可以保证他炼制出来的药剂效果是真的好，我妹妹都是用他的药剂。”
Yu Xinyuan sighed: "We have known each other for so long, and I won't hide it from you, in fact, this potion was really refined by a genius student of the Falling Star Magic School, but he was too busy with his studies and didn't have time to take the pharmacist qualification certificate, but I can guarantee that the effect of the potion he refined is really good, and my sister uses his potion." ”
“这样啊……老板娘，那个精神力恢复药剂，给我一支。”
"That's right...... Boss, give me one of the mental power recovery potion. ”
安老板买下一支药剂，转头也去了药师公会。 Boss An bought a potion and turned around and went to the Pharmacist Guild.
等检测结果出来，他同样没有告诉公会，他这支药剂是哪里买来的，只说是朋友送的，然后不等人家追问，他也跑了。
When the test results came out, he also didn't tell the guild where he bought this potion, only said that it was given by a friend, and then he ran away without waiting for people to ask.
安老板回到旅馆，盯着柜台里一个小盒子，那盒子上贴着标签，上面写着“无垢药剂”，等级二级，下方还有一排介绍药效的小字，说是能清除人体杂质，一定程度提高身体素质。
Boss An returned to the hotel and stared at a small box on the counter, which was labeled with "Innocent Elixir", grade two, and a row of small words introducing the efficacy of the medicine below, saying that it could remove impurities from the human body and improve physical fitness to a certain extent.
但这药剂卖得很贵，需要5枚二级魔晶。这也是柜台里唯一的一支二级药剂。
But this potion is very expensive, and it requires 5 second-level magic crystals. This is also the only secondary potion on the counter.
安老板辛辛苦苦工作到现在，存款不多，如果买下这瓶药剂，他很可能会贫穷一段时间。
Boss An has worked hard until now, and he doesn't have much savings, and if he buys this bottle of potion, he will probably be poor for a while.
但想到他刚才看到的药剂检测结果，再看这瓶药剂的药效，他就跟着了魔一样。
But thinking of the test results of the potion he had just seen, and then looking at the efficacy of this bottle of potion, he followed the devil.
明明只是清除人体杂质，明明只是有可能提高身体素质，还不是提高资质，但他就是想买。
Obviously, it is just to remove impurities from the human body, and it is only possible to improve physical fitness, not to improve qualifications, but he just wants to buy it.
安老板一咬牙，买了！ Boss An gritted his teeth and bought it!
在安老板之后，那支佣兵队卖掉收获回来，把他们的资金全部用来买了那节柜台里的药剂，包括普通药物他们都买了不少。
After Boss An, the mercenary team sold the harvest and used all their funds to buy the potions in the counter, including ordinary medicines, and they bought a lot.
就这么，这节柜台就空了。俞心愿就打发她妹妹来跟王叶进货了，同时再次催促王叶去赶紧考一个药师资格。
And just like that, the counter was empty. Yu Xinyuan sent her sister to buy goods with Wang Ye, and at the same time urged Wang Ye to hurry up and take a pharmacist qualification.
俞希望来找王叶买药，也没说卖药过程，她确实不清楚，只知道她姐让她这次多买一点。
Yu wanted to come to Wang Ye to buy medicine, and she didn't say anything about the process of selling medicine, she really didn't know, she only knew that her sister asked her to buy more this time.
王叶这段时间忙着研究千木之毒，还真没怎么炼制其他药剂，闻言翻了半天，才找出之前炼制的一点剩余货交给雷木。
Wang Ye was busy studying the poison of Qianmu during this time, and he really didn't refine other potions, and it took him a long time to find out the little leftover goods that he had refined before and hand them to Lei Mu.
“你把这些拿给俞老板吧。先卖着，等我回去抽时间再炼制一些。”
"You can take these to Boss Yu. Sell it first, and then I can refine some when I get back and find time. ”
“她还希望你去考个药师资格。”雷木提醒。 "She also wants you to get a pharmacist qualification." Reimber reminded.
王叶：“学校有统一组织安排，我报名了，月底就能考。”
Wang Ye: "The school has a unified organizational arrangement, I signed up, and I can take the exam at the end of the month." ”
“你报考的是什么等级？”雷木随口问。 "What grade are you applying for?" Lei Mu asked casually.
王叶也很不在意地回答：“初级药师。” Wang Ye also replied indifferently: "Junior pharmacist." ”
雷木愣住，“我记得你还没有获得学徒资格吧，直接考初级药师可以吗？”
Lei Mu was stunned, "I remember that you haven't obtained the apprenticeship qualification yet, can you take the junior pharmacist exam directly?" ”
王叶满不在乎地道：“没事，我问过相关教授，教授说我们学校只要上过魔药课程的学生都有特权，别人都要一级级考，我们学校的学生想要越级考的话，只要把前面低中高级学徒的考试费用连同初级药师的申考费用全部一次性交清就可以。”
Wang Ye said nonchalantly: "It's okay, I asked the relevant professor, and the professor said that as long as the students in our school have taken the potions course, they have the privilege, and everyone else has to take the first-level exam, and if the students in our school want to skip the exam, they only need to pay the examination fee of the low, middle and senior apprentices in front of them and the application fee of the junior pharmacist all at once." ”
“还有这样的好事？” "And such a good thing?"
“是啊。所以来陨星真的来对了。”王叶沾沾自喜，只是一个副本，他就以陨星的学生身份占到多大便宜？
"yes. So it's really the right place to come to the meteorite. "Wang Ye is complacent, just a copy, how much advantage does he take as a student of the Meteor Star?
“那教授真没说其他条件？”雷木不信。 "Then the professor really didn't say anything else?" Raimu didn't believe it.
王叶像是才想起来：“哦，他说如果我越级考试没过关，会扣我个人学分，要扣一百学分呢。”
Wang Ye seemed to have just remembered: "Oh, he said that if I skip the exam and don't pass the exam, I will be deducted my personal credits, and I will deduct 100 credits." ”
雷木：“……你有把握就好。” Remu: "...... It's good that you're sure. ”
王叶信心十足地道：“我当然有把握，不过是一个初级药师资格，如果不是怕惊世骇俗，我会直接申请考高级药师资格。这不是做人要低调吗？”
Wang Ye said confidently: "Of course I'm sure, but it's just a junior pharmacist qualification, if it weren't for the fear of shocking the world, I would directly apply for the senior pharmacist qualification." Isn't this a low-key way to be a person? ”
雷木：“……” Raimi: "......"
第145章 精神操控 Chapter 145: Mind Manipulation
次日，王叶掰指一算，进入这个副本后他一共接了七个任务。
The next day, Wang Ye counted his fingers, and after entering this dungeon, he took on a total of seven tasks.
目前已经完成除草和培植静心茶这两个。 At present, weeding and cultivating Jingxin tea have been completed.
一百二十桶营养液他也已经做完，就待交上去。 He has also finished one hundred and twenty barrels of nutrient solution, and he will hand it over.
香云树转化树人那个，他把能做的都已经做了，他问过香云树，香云树表示能量已经足够，剩下就只能靠他自己，这个也只能被动等待结果。
Xiangyun Tree Transformation Tree Man, he has done everything he can do, he asked Xiangyun Tree, Xiangyun Tree said that the energy is enough, and the rest can only rely on himself, this can only passively wait for the result.
但王叶冥冥中有种感觉，香云树应该可以转化成功。 But Wang Ye had a feeling that the Xiangyun Tree should be able to be successfully transformed.
原因？ Cause?
原因就是和他契约了嘛。 The reason is that I made a contract with him.
他修因果之力也不是白修的，限制那么大，自然也会有一些特别好处，比如他制作的药剂和食物等物品，几乎不含有任何负面能量。同样，他契约的劳工应该也能得到因果之力的臂助……吧？
His cultivation of the power of cause and effect is not in vain, and the restrictions are so great, so naturally there will be some special benefits, such as the potions and food and other items he makes, which almost do not contain any negative energy. In the same way, his indentured laborers should be able to receive the help of the power of cause and effect...... Right?
剩下三个任务，一个参加各校专业大比的，需要离开副本后到本世界中去做。
There are three missions left, one to participate in the major competition of each school, and you need to leave the dungeon and go to this world to do it.
最后两个，在王叶眼里看来，其实就是同一个任务。
完成药锄的愿望，找到它主人的被囚灵魂，救出并解放其。这就要和这个副本最大的boss对上，也是故事中的女主。
查出药园中怪事频发的源头。而这些怪事的源头十有八九就是那位女boss。
为了确认这点，王叶特地跑了一趟香云树林，先看了看自家劳工的转化情况，见还算顺利，就低声询问副园长那些怪事都是些什么事。
In order to confirm this, Wang Ye specially went to the Xiangyun Forest, first looked at the transformation of his own laborers, and saw that it was going well, so he asked the deputy director in a low voice what the strange things were.
虫老和园长都不在，都是大忙人，也不可能一直守着。 The insect elder and the director are not there, they are all busy people, and it is impossible to keep watch all the time.
副园长也不是时时刻刻都在，只是在大家都去忙事情的时候，他自愿过来站岗，毕竟他的专业就是培植。
The deputy director is not always there, but when everyone is busy with things, he voluntarily comes to stand guard, after all, his profession is cultivation.
把一株自然植物培养成一个树人，可是所有培植大师的最高级梦想！
Cultivating a natural plant into a tree man is the highest dream of any cultivation master!
虽然这株香云树不是他培养的，但能亲眼看它转化的过程，对任何一名培植师来说也是不可求的机缘。
Although this Xiangyun Tree was not cultivated by him, being able to see the process of its transformation with his own eyes is also an unavoidable opportunity for any cultivator.
副园长正好要找王叶，他一把抓住王叶：“你是怎么让生命之树树叶发芽的？”
The deputy director was about to look for Wang Ye, and he grabbed Wang Ye: "How did you make the leaves of the Tree of Life sprout?" ”
这个问题显然对副园长非常重要。 This question is obviously very important to the Deputy Principal.
王叶一脸茫然地道：“不知道啊，它想发芽就发芽了。”
Wang Ye said with a blank face: "I don't know, it sprouted if it wanted to." ”
副园长敲了敲他的脑袋：“你想要什么？” The deputy director knocked him on the head: "What do you want?" ”
王叶震惊，这位大佬怎么这么了解他？他们才接触多久？
Wang Ye was shocked, how could this big guy know him so well? How long have they been in contact?
王叶踟躇道：“其实真没什么秘密，我怕我说出来后，您老会后悔，说不定还想把我炼成肥料。”
Wang Ye hesitated: "Actually, there is really no secret, I am afraid that after I say it, you will regret it, and maybe you will want to refine me into fertilizer." ”
“我可以答应你，只要你说的是真的，并且有用，就算我后悔，也绝不会做对你不利的事情。”副园长特和蔼地说。
"I can promise you that as long as what you say is true and useful, even if I regret it, I will never do anything bad for you." The deputy director said kindly.
王叶：“真的？” Wang Ye: "Really? ”
“我是什么人？有必要骗你吗？” "Who am I? Is it necessary to lie to you? ”
“也是。学分……比起学分，我还是更喜欢知识。”王叶一看副园长脸色，迅速改变即将出口的条件：“八级不够，您给我看全部培植学资料的资格吧，如果能包含魔药啦、魔食啦……咳，培植专业就可以。”
"Yes. Credits...... I still prefer knowledge to credits. Wang Ye looked at the face of the deputy director, and quickly changed the conditions for the exit: "Level eight is not enough, you can show me the qualifications of all the cultivation materials, if it can contain magic potions and magic foods...... Ahem, you can cultivate a major. ”
副园长：“看你说出来的值多少。如果一般，给你一百个学分，如果我觉得有足够价值，那么你提的也不是不可以考虑。”
Deputy Director: "It depends on what you say is worth." If it's average, give you 100 credits, and if I think it's valuable enough, then it's not impossible for you to consider it. ”
王叶叹息，看来他是别想得到比八级更高的资格了。不过想想也正常，这就是一个十五级普通副本，他能在这里得到最高八级的培植知识，已经是学院大佬给他开了绿灯的结果？
Wang Ye sighed, it seemed that he didn't want to get a higher qualification than the eighth level. But it's normal to think about it, this is a fifteenth-level ordinary copy, and he can get the highest eighth-level cultivation knowledge here, which is already the result of the academy boss giving him the green light?
“是树人。”王叶就把疯药王告诉他的“植物自然转变为树人会释放一种特殊能量，这种能量会催发一些特殊植物发芽和成长”的事说了。
"It's a tree man." Wang Ye told him that "the natural transformation of plants into tree people will release a special energy, and this energy will cause some special plants to sprout and grow".
副园长的和蔼笑容瞬间消失：“你的奖励没了！” The deputy principal's kind smile disappeared in an instant: "Your reward is gone!" ”
“别啊！”王叶大叫：“好歹给个一百学分啊。刚刚您老明明答应了，您作为堂堂副园长可不能说话不算数。”
"Don't!" Wang Ye shouted: "Why don't you give a hundred credits." Just now, you obviously agreed, as the deputy head of the hall, you can't talk and don't count. ”
副园长呵呵：“我就是说话不算数，有种你去学校告我啊。”
The deputy principal hehe: "I just don't count what I say, there is a kind of you going to the school to sue me." ”
王叶瞪大眼睛，没想到副园长你竟然是这样的人！ Wang Ye's eyes widened, I didn't expect you to be such a person, deputy director!
王叶瘪瘪嘴，很不高兴地拿出一个纸盘子。 Wang Ye pursed his lips and took out a paper plate very unhappily.
纸盘子上整齐地摆放着十来个还冒着热气的铁板饺子。 On the paper plate, a dozen or so steaming dumplings were neatly arranged.
“原本还有其他的，现在没有了，只有这个了。”王小叶忒高傲地把纸盘子往不知何时出现的石桌上一放。
"Originally, there were others, but now there are none, only this one." Wang Xiaoye proudly put the paper plate on the stone table that appeared at some point.
副园长在他自己挪来的石凳上坐下，手指点点桌面：“太干了，来点饮品。”
The deputy director sat down on the stone bench he had brought and pointed his finger on the tabletop: "It's too dry, let's have a drink." ”
王叶翻了个白眼，但还是拿出一壶他自己一大早煮的奶茶，咚的放到副园长面前。
Wang Ye rolled his eyes, but still took out a pot of milk tea that he had brewed early in the morning and put it in front of the deputy director.
“杯子呢？” "Where's the cup?"
“你自己没有储物工具吗？我就不信你没带！” "Don't you have storage yourself? I don't believe you didn't bring it! ”
副园长嘴角弯了弯，不再逗小孩，真的自己拿出一个杯子，又自己拿起茶壶倒了一杯奶茶。
The corners of the deputy principal's mouth curved, no longer teasing the child, he really took out a cup by himself, and then picked up the teapot and poured a cup of milk tea.
奶茶刚倒出来，那股浓郁甘甜的奶与茶混合香味就扑鼻而来。
As soon as the milk tea was poured out, the rich and sweet aroma of milk and tea mixed with tea came to my nose.
“唔，闻起来似乎很不错啊。”副园长小小抿了一口，立刻就眯起了眼睛，好喝。
"Well, it smells pretty good." The deputy director took a sip and immediately squinted his eyes, it was delicious.
王叶眼巴巴地看着他，学分呢？ Wang Ye looked at him blankly, what about the credits?
副园长又拿出一只银叉，叉起饺子吹了吹，咬了一口。 The deputy director took out another silver fork, picked up the dumpling, blew it, and took a bite.
面皮软嫩，底部焦香脆，饺馅配比完美，馅颤巍巍的，咬一口就流出汁水，整体口感咸香微甘，还特别鲜。
The dough is soft and tender, the bottom is burnt and crispy, the dumpling filling ratio is perfect, the filling is trembling, the juice flows out when you take a bite, the overall taste is salty, fragrant and slightly sweet, and it is particularly fresh.
副园长忍不住把剩下的半个饺子也塞进嘴里。 The deputy director couldn't help but stuff the remaining half of the dumplings into his mouth as well.
好吃！ Delicious!
再来一个，唔唔，真的是很好吃啊。 Another one, well, it's really delicious.
喝口香馥浓郁的奶茶，再来一个咸香鲜美焦脆的铁板饺子，这样的早餐简直完美~
Drink fragrant and rich milk tea, and then have a salty, fragrant, delicious and crispy iron plate dumplings, such a breakfast is perfect~
副园长吃得都把旁边“侍候”的小弟子都给忘了。 The deputy head of the garden ate so much that he forgot about the little disciples who were "waiting" next to him.
“副、园、长！”王叶一字一顿地喊。 "Vice, Garden, Chief!" Wang Ye shouted word by word.
副园长手一顿，有点不好意思地掏出手帕擦了擦嘴角，“行了，不就一百学分嘛，会给你加上的。你刚才想问什么来着？”
The deputy director took out his handkerchief and wiped the corners of his mouth a little embarrassed, "Okay, isn't it just a hundred credits, I'll add it to you." What did you just ask? ”
“药园的怪事都是什么怪事，发生在什么地方？被害者都有谁，有没有什么共同特征？时间集中在什么时候？”王叶一口气问道。
"What are the strange things in the medicine garden, and where did they happen? Who are the victims, and what are the common characteristics? When is the time focused? Wang Ye asked in one breath.
副园长手一翻，手里多了一个卷轴：“这里有详细记录，我猜你可能需要，就给你抄了一份。”
The deputy director flipped his hand and added a scroll in his hand: "There is a detailed record here, I guess you may need it, so I will copy a copy for you." ”
王叶脸色立刻阴转晴，笑嘻嘻地接过卷轴，又拿出一个纸盘子放到石桌上：“副园长大人，您真好~”
Wang Ye's face immediately turned cloudy, he took the scroll with a smile, and took out a paper plate and put it on the stone table: "Deputy Principal, you are so good~"
“哼，滚吧，早点把这里的任务完成，别多磨蹭。”副园长的眼睛全都被那一个个只有拇指大的奶黄包给吸引了。
"Hmph, get out, finish the task here early, don't bother too much." The deputy director's eyes were all attracted by the custard buns that were only the size of his thumb.
“好的！”王叶怀疑学校大佬是不是觉得他在药园占的便宜太多，想把他早早赶走，还是……算了，太复杂的还是别想了，船到桥头自然直。
"Okay!" Wang Ye wondered if the school boss felt that he had taken too much advantage of the medicine garden and wanted to drive him away early, or was it ...... Forget it, don't think about it if it's too complicated, the boat will naturally go straight to the bridge.
王叶一走，副园长立刻又拿起叉子，早饭当然趁热吃才好。
As soon as Wang Ye left, the deputy director immediately picked up the fork again, and of course breakfast should be eaten while it was hot.
虫老来的时候，副园长刚刚把最后一个奶黄包塞进嘴里。
When the worm arrived, the deputy director had just stuffed the last custard bun into his mouth.
“早啊。”副园长笑眯眯地跟虫老打招呼。 "Morning." The deputy director greeted the insect elder with a smile.
虫老也在石凳上坐下，半讽刺半调侃道：“你日子过得倒是轻松。”
The worm elder also sat down on the stone bench, half sarcastically and half teasingly: "Your life is easy. ”
副园长：“哎，这真不怪我，谁让我有个好学生呢，一大早巴巴地给我送来早点。你看，有吃有喝，简直就像是怕我饿到渴到一样。这些可都是那孩子亲手烹制，要我说，那孩子在魔食方面还真的很有天赋。啊，抱歉啊，你要是能再早点来，我还能分你一点尝尝。要么下次？”
Deputy Principal: "Hey, I really don't blame me, who let me have a good student, send me breakfast early in the morning." You see, there is food and drink, it is like I am afraid that I will be hungry and thirsty. These were all prepared by the kid, and if I want to say, the kid is really talented in magic food. Ah, I'm sorry, but if you had come earlier, I would have given you a taste. Or next time? ”
虫老：“你的学生？谁？我怎么不知道你在这里收了学生。”
Worm Boss: "Your student? Who? How did I not know that you took students here. ”
副园长眼角笑纹都冒出来了，心情特别好地说：“我的那个学生你也知道啊，就是小叶子嘛。”
The smile lines in the corners of the deputy principal's eyes appeared, and he said in a particularly good mood: "You know that student of mine, it's Xiaoyezi." ”
已经远离香云树林的王叶忽然感到一阵阴风席卷他全身，冷得他连打两个喷嚏。
Wang Ye, who was already far away from the Xiangyun Forest, suddenly felt a gust of yin wind sweeping over his body, so cold that he sneezed twice in a row.
不会吧？他都这样的身体素质了，难道还会感冒？ No way? He has such physical fitness, can he still catch a cold?
王叶感到不可置信，但他真实感觉到脖子凉飕飕的，就好像有什么超级不妙的事情即将发生。
Wang Ye felt incredulous, but he really felt a chill in his neck, as if something super bad was about to happen.
还是快点完成任务、快点离开副本吧。 It's better to hurry up and complete the quest and leave the dungeon quickly.
王叶打开副园长给他的卷轴，阅读上面记录的近十年来药园发生的种种未解决怪事。
Wang Ye opened the scroll given to him by the deputy director and read the various unresolved strange things that had happened in the medicine garden in the past ten years.
王叶一一阅读下来，他发现这本记录简直就是一本支线任务记录，只要他按照这上面的记录去找人找物，有九成可能触发支线任务。
Wang Ye read them one by one, and he found that this record was simply a side quest record, as long as he followed the above record to find someone and find something, there was a ninety percent chance of triggering the side quest.
王叶舔了舔嘴唇，是触发呢还是触发呢，如果源头都是一个，换言之，这么多支线任务的奖励都将是白得的。
Wang Ye licked his lips, is it triggered or triggered, if the source is all one, in other words, the rewards of so many side quests will be in vain.
副园长真是对他太好了！ The deputy director is so good to him!
富贵险中求，既然是副园长给他的，那应该是允许他这么做。
Rich and dangerous, since it was given to him by the deputy director, he should be allowed to do so.
王叶一咬牙，干了！ Wang Ye gritted his teeth and it!
随后，王叶就顺着这卷轴上的记录，按照路程远近，一个个找了过去，有些怪事因为年代久远，或者因为主人死亡、离开等等，已经不可能领到任务。
Subsequently, Wang Ye followed the records on this scroll, according to the distance, and looked for the past one by one, and some strange things were impossible to receive the task because of the age, or because the master died, left, etc.
但把卷轴上记录的怪事全都寻访一遍下来，王叶还是触发了不少支线任务，同时得到了大量线索。
But after searching for all the strange things recorded on the scroll, Wang Ye still triggered a lot of side quests and got a lot of clues at the same time.
线索太多，反而很凌乱。 There are too many clues, but it's messy.
总结起来，药园里这十年发生的未解决怪事总计有四类。
To sum up, there are four types of unresolved strange things that have happened in the medicine garden in the past ten years.
第一类，药植失窃。 The first category is the theft of medicinal plants.
药园内几乎每年都有一定量的药植失窃，但大多数都能找到作案者，可也有少数案件，发生得极为诡异，就连药园高层出马都没能找到药植下落，更没能抓到盗窃者。
There is a certain amount of theft of medicinal plants in the medicine garden almost every year, but most of them can find the perpetrators, but there are also a few cases that happen extremely strangely, and even the high-level officials of the medicine garden have not been able to find the whereabouts of the medicinal plants, let alone catch the thieves.
这种诡异的药植失窃案平均每年会发生一到两起，偷窃的药植最低三级，最高能达到六级，如果只偷窃一两株也就罢了，这位小偷一偷就是成片的偷，要不是高等级魔植看守严密，可能高等级魔植也会遭殃。
This kind of weird theft of medicinal plants will occur on average one to two cases a year, the lowest level of stolen medicinal plants is three, and the highest can reach level six, if only one or two plants are stolen, this thief is a piece of stealing, if it is not for the high-level demon plants to be closely guarded, maybe the high-level demon plants will also suffer.
对方的作案时间基本集中在夏天，也正是副本药园现在的季节。
The other party's crime time is basically concentrated in summer, which is also the current season of the dungeon medicine garden.
王叶看到统计出来的失窃数量异常愤怒，他在药园打工的时候都是老老实实，就算看到再眼馋的药植，他也就弄点边角料，从没有整株窃取过。
Wang Ye was extremely angry when he saw the number of thefts counted, he was honest when he worked in the medicine garden, even if he saw the coveted medicinal plants, he would get some leftovers, and he had never stolen the whole plant.
这谁这么无耻？ Who is so shameless about this?
他一定要找到这个无耻小贼！ He must find this shameless thief!
第二类怪事，就是有普通动物和魔兽失踪。 The second type of strange thing is that there are ordinary animals and magical beasts missing.
比较著名的一个案件就是一名工作人员的宠物魔兽失踪，怎么也找不到。
One of the more famous cases is that a staff member's pet monster disappeared and could not be found.
第三类，失忆症。 The third category is amnesia.
近十年来，有不少药园工作人员包括来实习的学生，会发生原因不明的失忆现象。有的会失去一段时间的记忆，有的则是什么都记不起来了。
In the past 10 years, many pharmacy staff, including students who come for internships, have suffered from unexplained amnesia. Some will lose their memories for a while, while others will not be able to remember anything.
一般人失忆总会有个原因，比如受到感情上的重大伤害和刺激，或者头部受到撞击，或者脑子生病，或服了某些对记忆有影响的药物等等。
There is always a reason for the amnesia of ordinary people, such as being hurt and stimulated by major emotions, or a blow to the head, or a brain disease, or taking certain drugs that affect memory, etc.
但药园这些人的失忆都是莫名其妙出现，绝大多数人要么工作的好好，突然就发现自己想不起来自己是谁了。要么就是一觉起来，感觉遗忘了什么事。还有走在路上、正在喝水、正在上厕所……总之都是正常状态下，突然就失去了一段记忆。
But the amnesia of these people in the medicine garden is inexplicable, and most of them either work well, and suddenly find that they can't remember who they are. Or just wake up and feel like you've forgotten something. And walking on the road, drinking water, going to the toilet...... In short, it was normal, and suddenly I lost a memory.
药园高层想尽办法，把魔药学院的教授也请来看了，把失忆者从头到尾都检查了一遍，但都毫无结果。
The top management of the medicine garden tried their best to invite the professors of the Potions Academy to come and see them, and examined the amnesiac from beginning to end, but to no avail.
第四类怪事和第三类怪事有点相像，但更严重。有人声称他们被人精神操控，做出了自己绝不会做出的事情。其中尤以情侣最多。
The fourth type of weirdness is a bit similar to the third type of weirdness, but it's more serious. Some claim that they were mentally manipulated into doing things they would never have done. Among them, couples are the most numerous.
药园这十年间发生了好几起情侣撕逼案。 In the past ten years, there have been several cases of couple tearing up in Yaoyuan.
而他们撕起来的原因都很古怪。 And the reasons why they tear up are all weird.
有一对情人，堪称好得蜜里调油，是学校很有名的一对情侣，双方家世也都不错，眼看一毕业就是一桩强强联合的婚姻。
There is a pair of lovers, who can be called so good that they are a well-known couple in the school, and both parties have good family backgrounds, and it seems that as soon as they graduate, it is a marriage of strong unions.
结果两人在到药园实习不久，男方突然对女方说：我不喜欢你，我讨厌你讨厌得不得了，但为了得到一个优秀的后代血脉，我只能和你在一起。实际上我喜欢的是另外一个学妹，但我无法和她正大光明地在一起，我父母不会同意，如果让我父母知道，学妹就完了。如果让家族知道，我很可能会失去继承人的位子。
As a result, not long after the two interned in the medicine garden, the man suddenly said to the woman: I don't like you, I hate you so much, but in order to get an excellent offspring bloodline, I can only be with you. Actually, what I like is another school girl, but I can't be with her in the open, my parents won't agree, if I let my parents know, the school girl will be finished. If I let the family know, I would probably lose my position as heir.
随后男方就很得意地对女方说：不过我已经想好甩掉你的方法，等你有了我的孩子，等我把你娶回家，我会在你生孩子时做手脚，我已经做好相关准备。孩子一生下来，你就可以消失了。然后我只要装出伤心的模样，忍耐个三五年，等到那时候我就可以把学妹娶回家。
Then the man said to the woman very proudly: But I have already figured out a way to get rid of you, when you have my child, when I marry you home, I will do something when you give birth, and I am ready to do it. When a child is born, you can disappear. Then I just have to pretend to be sad and endure it for three or five years, and then I can marry my schoolgirl home.
女方：…… Woman:......
女方差点杀了男方，两人大打出手。 The woman almost killed the man, and the two fought.
两人两败俱伤，被药园救下，男方从昏迷中醒来，却恐惧地大喊，说那些话不是他的真意，他对女孩是真心的，他根本就没有喜欢什么小学妹。
The two were both defeated and were rescued by the medicine garden, and the man woke up from a coma, but shouted in fear, saying that those words were not his true intentions, he was sincere to the girl, and he didn't like any elementary school girls at all.
但女方死活不相信男方。 But the woman doesn't believe the man.
男方怎么解释都没用。 No matter how the man explained, it was useless.
后来男方请教授来帮他查看他的精神海，教授发现了他的精神海有被人侵入和操控的痕迹。
Later, the man asked the professor to help him check his spiritual sea, and the professor found that his spiritual sea had traces of human invasion and manipulation.
但教授无法断定，这种精神影响和精神操控，是让那男生说了谎话，还是让男生说出了实话。
But the professor couldn't determine whether this mental influence and mental manipulation made the boy tell a lie or let the boy tell the truth.
男方崩溃无比，偏偏这事传出去后，真的有一个女生跑出来跟那女方勇敢地表明，她就是那个男方的真爱。
The man was devastated, but after the news got out, a girl really ran out and bravely showed the woman that she was the man's true love.
这对好的不得了的情侣就此分手，男方几次努力也没能挽回女友，两人在学校就此成了陌路人。
This very good couple broke up, and the man tried several times but failed to get his girlfriend back, and the two became strangers at school.
事后，那个跑出来说自己是男方真爱的女生又放话说她只是看那女生不顺眼，故意整她的。
可那对情侣之间已经有了不可愈合的裂痕，更产生了信任危机，哪怕彼此都知道这是一场误会，他们也不可能再在一起。
But there is already an irreparable rift between the couple, and there is a crisis of trust, even if they both know that this is a misunderstanding, they will not be together again.
总之，这一对实惨。 In short, this pair is really miserable.
但这一对好歹没死，还有闹到双双死亡的。 But this pair didn't die, and there were people who died together.
也是关系很好的一对情侣，女生在药园做任务，男生来药园找她，结果却看到女友背着他和另一个男生滚床单。
It is also a couple with a very good relationship, the girl is doing tasks in the medicine garden, and the boy comes to the medicine garden to look for her, only to see his girlfriend rolling the sheets with another boy behind his back.
男生大怒，冲上去就要杀人。 The boy was furious and rushed up to kill someone.
两个男生打起来，女生却昏迷过去。 The two boys fought, but the girl passed out.
等到女生醒来，两个男生彼此都被人拉开。 When the girl woke up, the two boys were pulled away from each other.
男生对女友失望透顶，女生却脸色惨白，说和那个男生滚床单并不是她自愿。
The boy was very disappointed in his girlfriend, but the girl's face turned pale, saying that it was not her own volition to roll the sheets with the boy.
另外一个男生不高兴了，说明明就是你主动勾引。 The other boy is unhappy, which means that you took the initiative to seduce.
女生说她是被人控制了，但所有人都不相信她。 The girl said that she was controlled, but everyone didn't believe her.
女生见男友也不相信她，所有人都用看“贱女人”的目光看着她，女生受不了，跳了水井。
The girl didn't believe her boyfriend when she saw her, and everyone looked at her with the eyes of a "cheap woman", and the girl couldn't stand it and jumped into the well.
等到女友跳井，那个男生又后悔了，他觉得女友如果真是想要劈腿，不可能为此而自杀，他应该相信女友，最少找个人来查看一下女友的精神海是不是被人动过手脚。
When his girlfriend jumped into the well, the boy regretted it again, he felt that if his girlfriend really wanted to split his legs, it was impossible to commit suicide for this, he should believe his girlfriend, and at least find someone to check if his girlfriend's spiritual sea had been tampered with.
男生越想越伤心，也觉得对不起女友，也想跳井，但被药园的工作人员阻止。
The more the boy thought about it, the more sad he became, and he also felt sorry for his girlfriend and wanted to jump into the well, but was stopped by the staff of the medicine garden.
可是一个人真心想死的话，别人怎么拦都是拦不住的。 But if a person really wants to die, no matter how much others stop him, he can't stop him.
男生可能过于愧疚，他在女生日常工作的药田里吞药自杀了。
The boy may have felt too guilty, and he committed suicide by swallowing medicine in the medicine field of the girl's daily work.
王叶在那片药田里凭借自己的精神力找到了男生的亡灵。
Wang Ye relied on his spiritual power to find the boy's undead in that medicine field.
男生因为对女友太过愧疚，死后也无法安息，就此变成亡灵。当他知道王叶是来查药园怪事源头的，亡灵男不顾王叶看起来还很小，就委托他一定要找到祸害他女友的源头，说如果那个源头不消失，他就永远无法安息。
Because the boy felt too guilty about his girlfriend, he couldn't rest in peace after death, so he became an undead. When he knew that Wang Ye had come to investigate the source of the strange things in the medicine garden, the undead man entrusted him with the fact that Wang Ye still looked very young, so he entrusted him to find the source of the scourge of his girlfriend, saying that if the source did not disappear, he would never be able to rest in peace.
然后这个亡灵男得知王叶在找偷药植的小贼，还送给了王叶一个信息，说偷药植的不是人，而是一只魔器。
Then the undead man learned that Wang Ye was looking for the thief who stole the medicinal plant, and also gave Wang Ye a message, saying that it was not a person who stole the medicinal plant, but a magic weapon.
可惜的是亡灵男不知道是没看清魔器的样子，还是有所顾忌，就算王叶询问，他也没说出更多关于那个魔器的详细。
It's a pity that the undead man doesn't know if he didn't see the appearance of the magic weapon clearly, or if he has some scruples, even if Wang Ye asks, he doesn't say more details about the magic weapon.
这个信息非常重要，王叶对亡灵男郑重表明，他一定会查出祸害他们的源头，让他灵魂安息。
This information is very important, Wang Ye solemnly stated to the undead man that he will definitely find out the source of the scourge on them and let his soul rest in peace.
王叶还特地去找女生跳的那口井，等到了那里他才发现，那口井竟然就是药锄待的那口井。
Wang Ye also went to find the well where the girl jumped, and when he got there, he found that the well was actually the well where the medicine was hoeing.
第146章 难度提升 Chapter 146: Difficulty Increases
不过女生并没有在井里留下亡魂，王叶没有感觉到亡灵的半点气息。不知道是就此消散了，还是被吞噬了，或者离开了？
However, the girl did not leave a dead soul in the well, and Wang Ye did not feel the slightest breath of the undead. I don't know if it dissipated, or was it devoured, or left?
连续发生两件和情侣有关的案件，药园方查得很紧，并会警告所有有情侣的学生，让他们小心。
There have been two cases related to couples in a row, and the medicine garden has been investigating very closely, and will warn all students who have couples to be careful.
之后虽然也有情侣出现问题，但都及时发现某一方被操控的痕迹，并没有再出现更糟糕的事情。
Later, although there were also couples who had problems, they all found traces of a certain party being manipulated in time, and nothing worse happened.
除了情侣以外，也有人声称自己的精神力似乎被人窃取，导致精神力等级下降，还有人声称自己丢失了某些重要物品，但自己期间却毫无印象。
In addition to couples, there are also people who claim that their mental power seems to have been stolen, resulting in a decrease in their mental power level, and there are also people who claim that they have lost some important items, but they have no memory during the period.
王叶差不多已经肯定第二类和第四类怪事的元凶就是那个心理异常的女人。至于学校为什么会没有联想到，要么就是那个女的有掩饰的手段，要么就是有人在暗中庇护那个变态女人。
Wang Ye was almost sure that the culprit of the second and fourth types of strange things was the woman with a psychological abnormality. As for why the school didn't think of it, either the woman had a means of covering up, or someone was secretly sheltering the perverted woman.
后者是王叶推断出来的，因为那变态女在药园闹得那样难看，还有个男生因为她而死，学校就算再怎么保护学生，也不会让那女生继续待在药园里吧？
The latter was deduced by Wang Ye, because the perverted girl made such an ugly fuss in the medicine garden, and a boy died because of her, no matter how much the school protects the students, it will not let the girl continue to stay in the medicine garden, right?
如此变态女为什么还能留在药园，就很有意思了。 It's very interesting why such a perverted woman can still stay in the medicine garden.
加上以上案件的出现，变态女这样值得怀疑的人竟然还能待得好好的，要说她背后没人，怎么可能？
Coupled with the appearance of the above cases, a suspicious person like a perverted woman can still stay well, how can it be possible to say that there is no one behind her?
不过不管变态女背后的人是谁，王叶都不怕。他知道那个女人的住址在哪里，打算直接找过去。
But no matter who the person behind the perverted woman is, Wang Ye is not afraid. He knew where the woman's address was, and he planned to look for it directly.
途中，他还特意查看另外四名队友的位置，这一看不得了，四个队友，除了一个绿点，其他三个竟然都变成了灰色。
On the way, he also deliberately checked the location of the other four teammates, which was unbelievable, and the other three of the four teammates, except for one green dot, turned gray.
灰色有两种可能，一种是没上线，还有一种就是死亡。 There are two possibilities for gray, one is not online, and the other is death.
王叶一时也无法判断到底是哪种。 Wang Ye couldn't tell what kind it was for a while.
他进入队伍频道，询问：“大家没出事吧？” He entered the team channel and asked, "Everyone's okay, right?" ”
没有人回答他。 No one answered him.
王叶查看队友情况，包括他自己在内，所有队友都选择隐藏了自己的名字，队友名单中出现的就是各人自己报的名字。
Wang Ye checked the situation of his teammates, including himself, all his teammates chose to hide their names, and what appeared in the list of teammates was the name reported by each person.
如果没有说出自己名字的，系统会自动显示无名氏三个字。无名氏多的话，就是无名氏后面加阿拉伯数字。
If you don't say your name, the system will automatically display the word anonymous. If there are many anonymous names, it means that the anonymous names are followed by Arabic numerals.
玩家也可以自己给队友名做标注，这样会比较方便辨认。
Players can also mark their teammates' names to make them easier to identify.
王叶看到唯一一个绿点就是碎月。 The only green dot Wang Ye saw was the Broken Moon.
王叶单独敲碎月，询问大家什么时候在哪里集合，可碎月那边不知道是不是在忙事情，并没有及时回复他。
Wang Ye knocked on Broken Moon alone and asked when everyone would gather where, but Broken Moon didn't know if he was busy with things and didn't reply to him in time.
“小光！”王叶在心中呼唤小光。 "Little Light!" Wang Ye called for Xiaoguang in his heart.
没多久，小光就飞了过来。 It didn't take long for Xiaoguang to fly over.
王叶想让小光和其他浮游光虫去帮忙寻找那个偷窃药植的小贼。
Wang Ye wanted Xiaoguang and the other planktonic insects to help find the thief who stole the medicinal plants.
虽然亡灵男告诉他偷窃魔植的是魔器，但王叶理所当然地以为是有人操纵了魔器进行偷窃，所以重点还是要找到那个魔器的主人。
Although the undead man told him that it was a magic weapon that stole the magic plant, Wang Ye took it for granted that someone had manipulated the magic weapon to steal, so the focus was still on finding the owner of the magic weapon.
因为时间集中在夏天，王叶怀疑那个小贼很可能会在这个特定时间段来药园实习或做任务。那么只要让浮游光虫群分散去盯梢所有这会儿还在药园中工作的人，总会看出一些什么。
Because the time was concentrated in the summer, Wang Ye suspected that the thief was likely to come to the medicine garden for an internship or to do tasks during this specific time period. So as long as the planktonic light insect swarm is scattered and keeps an eye on all the people who are still working in the medicine garden at this time, there will always be something to see.
王叶会有这个想法，倒不是忘记药园里还有一位虫老，他也知道虫老能操控的虫子更多，如果虫子盯梢某个人就能发现盗窃者线索，那这个案子早就破了。
Wang Ye would have this idea, not that he forgot that there was another insect elder in the medicine garden, he also knew that the insect elder could control more insects, if the insect could find the thief's clue by stalking someone, then this case would have been solved a long time ago.
不过王叶认为浮游光虫群对能量敏感，别的虫子不一定能发现线索，但换了浮游光虫群说不定能发现什么。就算魔器进入地下，只要它在地下的深度不是特别深，并拥有一定能量，浮游光虫群九成也能感知到。
However, Wang Ye thinks that the planktonic light swarm is sensitive to energy, and other insects may not be able to find clues, but if you change the planktonic light swarm, you may be able to find something. Even if the magic weapon enters the ground, as long as it is not particularly deep underground and has a certain amount of energy, ninety percent of the floating light insect swarm can sense it.
小光飞到他面前，王叶还没来得及吩咐，小光就先一步咿咿叫起来，大意是说它昨天看到了好大一场热闹。
Xiaoguang flew in front of him, and before Wang Ye could command, Xiaoguang took the first step and babbled, to the effect that it saw a big bustle yesterday.
王叶震惊：“你说那四个人昨天因为争抢一个空间手镯打起来了？”
Wang Ye was shocked: "You said that those four people fought yesterday because they were fighting for a space bracelet?" ”
“咿咿咿！”小光兴奋地咿咿了半天。 "Babble!" Xiaoguang babbled excitedly for a long time.
“是那叫碎月的女孩先动的手，她好狠啊，突然就偷袭，从背后给了身手最厉害的老王一刀，对另外两个人喊，说老王对她不规矩。”
"It was the girl named Broken Moon who made the first move, she was so ruthless, she suddenly attacked and gave the most powerful Lao Wang a knife from behind, and shouted to the other two people, saying that Lao Wang was unruly to her."
“另外两个人不相信，尤其是小李。老王大怒，破口大骂碎月，说她是个阴险歹毒的臭表子，让其他人不要相信她。”
The other two didn't believe it, especially Xiao Li. Lao Wang was furious and scolded Broken Moon, saying that she was a sinister and vicious stinky cousin, so that others should not believe her. ”
“老王想打碎月。碎月就躲到了梵音身后，哭着说她说的是实话，还说老王想要抢她的手镯，让她老实一点让给他，还不让她告诉其他人。”
"Lao Wang wants to break the moon. Broken Moon hid behind Fanyin, crying that she was telling the truth, and said that Lao Wang wanted to snatch her bracelet and let her give it to him honestly, and not let her tell anyone else. ”
“老王就跟梵音喊，说那歹毒女说的都是假话。” "Lao Wang shouted to Fanyin, saying that what the evil girl said was a lie."
“梵音犹豫，可碎月紧紧拉着他不放。老王就生气说，如果梵音执意要保护这个女人，那他就连梵音一起揍。小李见此，就走到了老王一边。”
Fanyin hesitated, but Broken Moon pulled him tightly. Lao Wang got angry and said that if Fanyin insisted on protecting this woman, then he would even beat Fanyin together. Seeing this, Xiao Li walked to Lao Wang's side. ”
王叶张大嘴巴，事情怎么会发展到这一地步？他看那四个人都不像是没品的，那个碎月更是一个没什么心机的普通女孩。怎么碎月转头就搞出这么多事来？
Wang Ye opened his mouth wide, how could things have developed to this point? He didn't look like those four people were tasteless, and that Broken Moon was an ordinary girl with no scheming. Why did Broken Moon turn around and do so many things?
小光表示，后面还有更精彩的。 Xiaoguang said that there are more exciting things to come.
“梵音还想做和事老，让碎月和老王把话说清楚。碎月哭个不停，把空间手镯摘下来，塞给梵音，说这个东西是个祸害，她还是不要了。然后碎月就跑了。”
"Fanyin still wants to be a peacemaker, so that Broken Moon and Lao Wang can make things clear. Broken Moon couldn't stop crying, took off the space bracelet, and stuffed it to Fanyin, saying that this thing was a scourge, and she still didn't want it. Then the broken moon ran away. ”
王叶下意识问：“梵音是不是怀疑老王了？” Wang Ye subconsciously asked: "Does Fanyin suspect Lao Wang?" ”
小光：“咿！咿咿咿。” Xiaoguang: "Bah! Babble. ”
“什么？梵音杀了小李？！”王叶大惊。 "What? Fanyin killed Xiao Li?! Wang Ye was shocked.
小光恨不得手舞足蹈地比划：“咿咿，精彩，太精彩了！那个梵音拿到手镯后，呆愣了一会儿，就走到小李面前说这个手镯还是交给小李保管，小李不肯要，老王阴阳怪气地说为什么不要，那女人不知道在耍什么花招，给你你就拿着呗，你不要就给我。”
Xiaoguang couldn't wait to dance and compare: "Babble, wonderful, so exciting!" After the Fanyin got the bracelet, he was stunned for a while, then walked up to Xiao Li and said that the bracelet was still handed over to Xiao Li for safekeeping, Xiao Li refused to ask for it, Lao Wang Yin and Yang said angrily Why don't you, the woman doesn't know what tricks she is playing, you will take it if you give it to you, and if you don't want it, give it to me. ”
“小李犹豫，转头看老王。老王捂着伤口寻找药物打算疗伤。就在这时！梵音突然对小李出手，竟然一刀就把他后脖颈连接脊椎的那段给砍断了，真不愧是医学生！”
Xiao Li hesitated and turned his head to look at Lao Wang. Lao Wang covered his wound and looked for medicine, intending to heal it. That's it! Fanyin suddenly shot at Xiao Li, and actually cut off the part of his neck that connects to his spine with a single knife, which is really worthy of being a medical student! ”
王叶：“……”小光它们是懂得越来越多了，其实看电视也不是完全没好处？虽然现在脑残剧一大堆。
Wang Ye: "......" Xiaoguang knows more and more, in fact, watching TV is not completely unbeneficial? Although there are a lot of brain-dead dramas now.
“后来呢？” "And then?"
“后来老王就跟梵音拼命啦。可老王已经重伤，根本不是梵音的对手，被梵音杀了。然后更精彩地来了！”小光突然激动得不断绕圈圈。
Later, Lao Wang fought hard with Sanskrit. But Lao Wang was seriously injured, and he was not Fanyin's opponent at all, and was killed by Fanyin. And then more wonderful came! Xiaoguang was suddenly so excited that he kept going around in circles.
“那个梵音竟然拿起匕首把自己的脖子给划破了，好多血流出来，他就这么死了。”
"That Sanskrit actually picked up a dagger and cut his neck, and a lot of blood flowed out, and he died."
王叶眨眼：“那个手镯呢？碎月后来回来没有？” Wang Ye blinked: "What about the bracelet?" Did Broken Moon come back later? ”
小光：“咿咿，那个手镯你就别想了，那个手镯显然有问题。碎月后来回来了，她看到三具尸体，脸色惨白，嘴里不住呢喃‘对不起、她没有、不是她’之类的话。那个手镯就落在地上，碎月连碰都不敢碰，拔腿就跑了。唉，她应该摸尸的，太浪费了。”
Xiaoguang: "Babble, don't think about that bracelet, there's obviously something wrong with that bracelet." Broken Moon later returned, and when she saw the three corpses, her face was pale, and she couldn't stop muttering things like 'I'm sorry, she didn't, not her'. The bracelet fell to the ground, and Broken Moon didn't even dare to touch it, so she pulled out her legs and ran away. Alas, she should have touched the corpse, it was too wasteful. ”
王叶：“……”这绝不是我教的。 Wang Ye: "......" is definitely not what I taught.
小光又好奇道：“那三具尸体很快就消失了，你死了也会这样吗？”
Xiaoguang was curious again: "Those three corpses disappeared quickly, will it be like this if you die?" ”
王叶拒绝回答这个问题，他决定去找碎月好好谈谈，虽然大家才认识，但好歹是队友，也算结了因果。
Wang Ye refused to answer this question, he decided to go to Broken Moon to have a good talk, although everyone only knew each other, but they were teammates, and the cause and effect were settled.
明明不是坏人，却干了比坏人还歹毒的事情，而且这事还不是她自己的主观意愿，偏偏别人看来就是她动的手，这换了任何一个人都受不了。
is obviously not a bad person, but she has done something more vicious than a bad person, and this matter is not her own subjective will, but others seem to be her hand, which no one can stand it.
没有人愿意被冤枉。 No one wants to be wronged.
王叶深知被冤枉的滋味，也知道被冤枉的人会产生怎样的愤怒，很多被冤枉的人原本明明是受害者，但因为冤屈无法申诉和洗清，憋屈过头导致心理变态就此变成加害者的也有不少。
Wang Ye knows what it feels like to be wronged, and he also knows what kind of anger the wronged person will have, many wronged people were obviously victims, but because the grievances could not be appealed and cleared, there were many psychopaths who became perpetrators due to excessive grievances.
“先带我去找到那个手镯。那玩意不能留在外面，我试试看能不能除掉附在上面的精神链接。”王叶道。
"Take me to the bracelet first. That thing can't be left outside, I'll see if I can get rid of the spirit link attached to it. Wang Ye said.
小光慢悠悠地飞来飞去。 Xiaoguang flew around slowly.
王叶眯眼：“你让我不要想那个手镯，现在也不想带我去找……你干了什么？”
Wang Ye squinted: "You told me not to think about that bracelet, and you don't want to take me to find it now...... What did you do? ”
小光眼看逃不过去，特光棍地回答：“吃了。” Xiao Guangyan couldn't escape, so he replied with a smile: "I ate it." ”
不等王叶批评它，小光就甩出了一大堆话：“咿咿咿！”
Without waiting for Wang Ye to criticize it, Xiaoguang threw out a lot of words: "Babble! ”
大意就是那个手镯不是什么好东西，而王叶说过不是好东西又不是智慧生物的可以随便吃，那手镯非常符合王叶说的可食用食物标准，为了不浪费，它就只好带着浮游光虫群把那只手镯给分食了。
The gist is that the bracelet is not a good thing, and Wang Ye said that it is not a good thing and not a smart creature can be eaten casually, and the bracelet is very in line with the edible food standard that Wang Ye said, in order not to waste it, it had to take the floating light insect swarm to share the bracelet.
王叶：“……所以那手镯是彻底消失了？” Wang Ye: "...... So the bracelet is completely gone? ”
小光：“咿！” Xiaoguang: "Bah! ”
王叶气恼，嘀咕：“败家子。你们把负面能量吸收完就算了，空间手镯留下来啊，你知不知道空间工具有多贵多难得？”
Wang Ye was annoyed and muttered: "Loser." You can absorb the negative energy and forget it, the space bracelet will remain, do you know how expensive and rare the space tool is? ”
小光一副光棍的模样，反正那镯子我们已经吃光了，随便你怎么说吧。
Xiaoguang looks like a bachelor, anyway, we have eaten up the bracelet, whatever you say.
王叶还能怎么办？自己养的坑货，只能自己受着。 What else can Wang Ye do? The pit goods raised by yourself can only be endured by yourself.
好在肉都烂在自家人锅里，也不算损失。 Fortunately, the meat is rotten in his own pot, and it is not a loss.
“我去找碎月，你带你的子民去找找一个小偷。”王叶就把魔植盗窃案的事描述了一遍，并告诉小光要它做什么。
"I'll go find the broken moon, and you take your people to find a thief." Wang Ye described the theft of the demon plant and told Xiaoguang what he wanted it to do.
小光昨天刚刚品味到偷看人八卦的特殊滋味，这会儿让它和浮游光虫群去盯梢药园里的学生和工作人员，它也没拒绝。
Xiaoguang had just tasted the special taste of peeking at people's gossip yesterday, and now he asked him and the swarm of floating light insects to keep an eye on the students and staff in the medicine garden, and he didn't refuse.
但小光还是表示，它们只会盯梢那些实力比较低微的人，实力比它们高的，它们可不会接近。
But Xiaoguang still said that they will only keep an eye on those who are relatively low, and they will not come close to those whose strength is higher than them.
“嗯，对方实力应该也不会太强，否则不会只偷取六级以下的药植。药园那些大佬，你们不用盯梢，相反，离他们远一些。”王叶叮嘱。
"Well, the other party's strength shouldn't be too strong, otherwise it wouldn't just steal medicinal plants below level six. Those bigwigs in the medicine garden, you don't have to keep an eye on them, on the contrary, stay away from them. Wang Ye advised.
小光领命而去。 Xiaoguang took the order and left.
王叶找到碎月时，这丫头正在发疯地挖掘泥巴，还哭得眼泪鼻涕满脸。
When Wang Ye found Broken Moon, the girl was digging into the mud frantically, and she was crying with tears and snot all over her face.
王叶躲在附近观察了一会儿，主要是看那丫头是不是还在被附身状态，后来看碎月挖掘得双手都出血了还不停止，他就跳出来了。
Wang Ye hid nearby and observed for a while, mainly to see if the girl was still possessed, and then saw that the broken moon dug and his hands were bleeding and did not stop, so he jumped out.
“碎月，我听说了一些事。” "Broken Moon, I've heard something."
碎月猛地转头，看到王叶，笑得比哭还难看：“我知道了，他们是不是给你发邮件了，说我什么？是不是说我是绿茶婊白莲花口腹蜜剑的渣烂贱。他们是不是也在论坛发消息了，现在是不是全网络都知道我是什么样的人了？没错，我就是这么坏，你赶紧离我远一点，免得被我也害死。”
Broken Moon turned her head suddenly, and when she saw Wang Ye, she smiled more ugly than crying: "I know, did they send you an email and say something about me?" Does it mean that I am the scum of the green tea White Lotus mouth honey sword? Did they also post messages on the forum, and now the whole network knows what kind of person I am? That's right, I'm so bad, you should stay away from me, lest I be killed. ”
王叶：“我没看到他们的邮件。” Wang Ye: "I didn't see their email. ”
他还在副本里面，就算进入虫巢也是在副本里面，就算梵音他们真的给他发邮件让他小心碎月，他也看不到，何况梵音他们根本不知道他的游戏ID，想给他发邮件也发不了。
He's still in the dungeon, even if he enters the worm nest, it's still in the dungeon, even if Sanskrit they really send him an email to ask him to be careful of the broken moon, he can't see it, not to mention Sanskrit They don't know his game ID at all, and they can't send him an email if they want to.
碎月狠狠地抓起一把泥巴用力填进嘴里，那动作跟咬被子一样，她太难受了，她想解释，偏偏梵音三个都死了，这破游戏死一次就要降一级，老王和小李他们想要再进入副本都进入不了。梵音应该还能进来，但他到现在没进来，说不定就是不想再和她组队了，呜呜。
Broken Moon grabbed a handful of mud and stuffed it into her mouth hard, the action was the same as biting the quilt, she was so uncomfortable, she wanted to explain, but the three Sanskrit sounds were dead, and this broken game would have to be downgraded once it died, and Lao Wang and Xiao Li couldn't enter the dungeon if they wanted to. Fanyin should still be able to come in, but he hasn't come in yet, maybe he just doesn't want to team up with her anymore, woo.
昨晚她下线给梵音发了邮件做了解释，但不知道是梵音设定了拒收陌生人邮件，还是没看邮件，一直没有回音。
Last night, she went offline and sent an email to Fanyin to explain, but I don't know if Fanyin set up to refuse to accept emails from strangers, or if she didn't read the email, and there was no reply.
而老王和小李的游戏ID，她不知道，想发邮件解释也无法联系到他们本人。
As for Lao Wang and Xiao Li's game IDs, she didn't know, and she couldn't contact them if she wanted to send an email to explain.
她想上论坛发帖解释，可这样就会暴露她的游戏ID名，如果只是这样也就算了，但她害怕她解释后不但不能让误会解释清楚，反而会让更多人认为她是做了坏事还要洗地的白莲花。
She wants to post an explanation on the forum, but this will expose her game ID name, if it's just that, forget it, but she's afraid that after she explains, not only will she not be able to explain the misunderstanding clearly, but it will make more people think that she is the White Lotus who has done bad things and has to wash the floor.
碎月第一次觉得绿茶和白莲这两个词特冤枉，就跟她一样冤枉，明明她们的本质都不是那样的，却被冠以那样坏的内涵，呜呜！
For the first time, Broken Moon felt that the words green tea and white lotus were particularly wronged, just like her, obviously their essence was not like that, but they were crowned with such a bad connotation, woo!
王叶看碎月完全沉浸入自己的世界，还嚼起泥巴来了，一边嚼一边呕吐，便明白简单的劝慰根本无法开导这丫头。
Wang Ye saw that Broken Moon was completely immersed in his own world, and chewed the mud, vomiting while chewing, and understood that simple persuasion could not enlighten this girl at all.
“我打听到这个药园发生了一些古怪的事情，据说有人被精神操控了。有两对情侣……”
"I heard that something strange happened in this medicine garden, and it is said that someone has been mentally manipulated. There are two couples ......"
王叶把两对情侣的倒霉故事告诉了碎月。 Wang Ye told the unlucky story of the two couples to Broken Moon.
人的遭遇都是需要衬托的，当你觉得自己已经很糟糕时，听到有人比你更糟糕更倒霉一百倍时，你立马就会感觉没有那么痛苦了。
When you feel that you are already bad, when you hear that someone is a hundred times worse and unlucky than you, you immediately feel less painful.
碎月吐出了嘴里的泥巴，一抹嘴，胡乱擦了擦脸上的眼泪鼻涕，眼中也有了光彩：“你是说我也被精神操控了？我当时就觉得是这样，可我不知道该怎么解释。”
Broken Moon spit out the mud in her mouth, wiped her mouth, wiped the tears and snot on her face, and her eyes also had brilliance: "You mean I'm also mentally manipulated?" I thought so, but I didn't know how to explain it. ”
王叶：“当时你们四个闹起来被某些人看到了，他们告诉我，你走了以后，梵音也被精神操控，他杀了小李和老王，自己又自杀。这种情况，只要老王和小李不蠢，都会意识到情况不对劲。”
Wang Ye: "At that time, the four of you made a fuss and were seen by some people, and they told me that after you left, Fanyin was also mentally manipulated, he killed Xiao Li and Lao Wang, and committed suicide himself." In this case, as long as Lao Wang and Xiao Li are not stupid, they will realize that something is wrong. ”
王叶可不认为老王和小李是蠢人，能在这时候就冲到十五级的玩家，就没有真笨拙愚昧的，除非那个蠢货是老天爷的儿子。
Wang Ye didn't think that Lao Wang and Xiao Li were stupid people, players who could rush to level fifteen at this time would not be really stupid and stupid, unless that fool was God's son.
如果只有碎月一个人动手，那么碎月很可能真的解释不清，就算后期解释清楚了，也会留下芥蒂。
If the broken moon is the only one to do it, then the broken moon is likely to really be unable to explain it, and even if it is explained clearly in the later stage, it will leave a mustard.
可某操控者显然很贪心，或者觉得碎月武力值不够，在操控了碎月后，又选择了四人中等级最高的梵音。
But a certain controller was obviously very greedy, or felt that the force value of the Broken Moon was not enough, and after controlling the Broken Moon, he chose the highest-ranking Sanskrit sound among the four.
如果只有梵音对队友动手，别人也会以为他就是个表面虚伪、实际随时阴人的恶毒家伙。可前面有了碎月，随后梵音也出问题，那老王和小李只要冷静下来仔细想一想就会知道这是某个怪在阴人了。
If only Fanyin did it to his teammates, others would think that he was a vicious guy who was hypocritical on the surface but actually a vicious guy at any time. But there was a broken moon in front of him, and then there was a problem with Fanyin, so as long as Lao Wang and Xiao Li calmed down and thought about it carefully, they would know that this was a strange Yin person.
而只要再想得深入一点，自然就会意识到那只手镯有问题。
And as long as you think a little deeper, you will naturally realize that there is something wrong with that bracelet.
既然手镯有问题，那么他们找到的那个药锄是不是也有问题？
Since there was a problem with the bracelet, was there also a problem with the medicine hoe they found?
碎月这会儿也冷静下来，她之后过去也看到了梵音三人的尸体，但她不知道具体发生了什么事，这会儿听说梵音也被操控，虽然认为不应该，但她心里也忍不住生出了庆幸之心，幸好被精神操控的不止她一个。
Broken Moon also calmed down at this time, and she also saw the bodies of the three Fanyin in the past, but she didn't know what exactly happened, and then she heard that Fanyin was also manipulated, although she thought it shouldn't be, but she couldn't help but feel happy in her heart, fortunately, she was not the only one who was controlled by the spirit.
“这么说，老王和小李他们也会意识到之前的我不是我了？”碎月满是期待地问。
"So, Lao Wang and Xiao Li will also realize that I was not me before?" Broken Moon asked expectantly.
王叶非常肯定地点头：“肯定的。” Wang Ye nodded very affirmatively: "Definitely." ”
“那梵音为什么没有再进来？”碎月这会儿满脑子都是悲观思想。
"Then why didn't Sanskrit come in again?" Broken Moon is full of pessimistic thoughts at this moment.
王叶耐着性子道：“他是医学生啊，谁不知道医学生是最忙的，也许他有事耽搁了。”
Wang Ye said patiently: "He is a medical student, who doesn't know that medical students are the busiest, maybe he has something to delay." ”
碎月又忍不住呜咽，抽噎着说：“这个游戏太可怕了，前面都那么顺，我还拿到了空间手镯，当时我还觉得自己特别幸运，没想到突然就……”
Broken Moon couldn't help whimpering again, sobbing and said: "This game is terrible, the front is so smooth, I also got the space bracelet, I thought I was very lucky at the time, but I didn't expect it to ...... suddenly"
“这可是副本，你上次刷副本不也死了一次？”王叶无奈道。
"This is a copy, didn't you die once last time you farmed the copy?" Wang Ye said helplessly.
碎月抽噎着点头：“也是啊。但这个副本真的太狡猾了，一切看起来都那么安全，却在暗中阴人，还不如直接打怪呢。”
Shattered Moon sobbed and nodded, "yes." But this copy is really too cunning, everything seems so safe, but it is in the shadows, it is better to fight the monster directly. ”
王叶猜测昨天跟他联系说在打小怪的碎月已经被控制了，她口中说的小怪十成就是三个玩家。
Wang Ye guessed that the broken moon that contacted him yesterday and said that he was fighting the mobs had been controlled, and the ten achievements of the mobs she said were three players.
“对了，那个药锄呢？”王叶问。 "By the way, what about the medicine hoe?" Wang Ye asked.
碎月：“还在那口井里，我们把药锄捞上来后，药锄说井下面的环境更适合它，就让我们把它又丢回了井里。”
Broken Moon: "Still in that well, after we fished up the medicine hoe, the medicine hoe said that the environment below the well was more suitable for it, so we threw it back into the well. ”
碎月忽然满脸愤恨地道：“那把药锄是不是也有问题？那个手镯就是它给我的！”
Broken Moon suddenly said with a resentful face: "Is there a problem with that medicine hoe?" That bracelet is what it gave me! ”
王叶也无法确定这点，上辈子他可没听说过药锄会送空间储物道具。
Wang Ye couldn't be sure of this, in his previous life, he had never heard of the medicine hoe giving away space storage props.
如果药锄送了，而那空间手镯出了问题，介绍这个副本的攻略不可能一点不提到。当然，也有可能遇到的人没有兴趣写攻略。
If the medicine hoe is delivered, and there is a problem with the space bracelet, it is impossible not to mention the strategy of introducing this dungeon. Of course, there are also people you meet who are not interested in writing a guide.
但王叶更怀疑是不是因为他的存在，影响了副本的难度。
But Wang Ye was even more suspicious that it was because of his existence that it affected the difficulty of the copy.
因为他直接给其他玩家提供了线索，还提供了潜水丸，让他们减少了前期寻找药锄下落的很多“磨难”，导致系统判断普通副本对他们来说太简单，所以直接把普通升级到了困难？
Because he directly provided clues to other players, and also provided diving pills, which allowed them to reduce a lot of "tribulations" in finding the whereabouts of the medicine hoe in the early stage, causing the system to judge that the ordinary copy was too easy for them, so they directly upgraded the ordinary to difficult?
这在别的游戏不可能，但在这个游戏中，完全有可能。因为这游戏就不是弄出来给地球人娱乐的，而是为了……锻炼。
This is not possible in other games, but in this game, it is completely possible. Because this game is not made for the entertainment of earthlings, but for ...... Exercise.
太简单了怎么可能锻炼到人？那肯定要提高难度。 It's too simple, how can it be possible to exercise people? That's definitely going to be more difficult.
王叶怀疑他能接到这么多支线任务，也是因为副本对他提高了难度。
Wang Ye doubted that he could receive so many side quests, also because the dungeon had increased the difficulty for him.
也许不是真正的困难级别，但肯定要比普通的难。 Maybe not really the hard level, but it's certainly harder than the normal one.
或者说，副本的难度制定就是根据玩家的表现和实力来的。
In other words, the difficulty of the dungeon is based on the player's performance and strength.
普通副本进入的最低要求是十五级，但最高到四十九级都还能进。
The minimum requirement to enter a normal dungeon is level 15, but you can enter up to level 49.
困难副本进入的最低要求是五十级到九十八级。 The minimum requirement to enter a difficult dungeon is from level fifty to level ninety-eight.
地狱级副本只有一个级别可以进入，那就是最高的九十九级。
There is only one level that can be entered in the Hell level dungeon, and that is the highest level ninety-nine.
每个副本对于玩家级别的要求跨度相当大，如果都是十五级就能做下来的难度，那更高等级进来还有什么意思？也起不到锻炼的作用，尤其在后期大家都熟知攻略的情况下。
Each dungeon has a considerable range of requirements for the player's level, and if it is all at the level of fifteen levels of difficulty, then what's the point of coming in at a higher level? It also doesn't play a role in exercising, especially in the later stage when everyone is familiar with the strategy.
所以副本中的任务必定是不断变化的，也许主线任务不变，但支线任务会增多，主线任务的难度也会根据玩家的实力而相应增加。
Therefore, the quests in the dungeon must be constantly changing, maybe the main quest will remain the same, but the side quests will increase, and the difficulty of the main quest will increase accordingly according to the player's strength.
这个游戏还特别“智能”，如果进入副本的玩家实力参差不齐，它会按照实力（等级）平均值来设定难度，再另外给不同的玩家定制不同的支线任务。
This game is also particularly "smart", if the players who enter the dungeon are uneven, it will set the difficulty according to the average strength (level), and then customize different side quests for different players.
王叶想通这点，也终于明白了副园长为什么特意提醒他，让他快点完成任务不要磨蹭。
Wang Ye figured this out, and finally understood why the deputy director specially reminded him to hurry up and complete the task without delay.
显然，他继续留在药园，任务会越来越多，难度也会越来越高。他也许还能应对，但他的队友们就要倒霉了。
Obviously, if he continues to stay in the medicine garden, there will be more and more tasks, and the difficulty will become higher and higher. He may be able to handle it, but his teammates are going to be out of luck.
哦，他们已经被他牵连了。王叶望天，他发誓他真不是有意的。
Oh, they've been implicated by him. Wang Ye looked at the sky, and he swore that he really didn't mean to.
“找到你们了！”熟悉的声音响起。 "Found you!" A familiar voice rang out.
碎月大叫：“梵音大大！” Shattered Moon shouted: "Sanskrit sound is great! ”
梵音对碎月笑了笑，又对王叶点头，说道：“我已经想办法联络上了老王和小李，跟他们解释清楚了，他们也察觉出不对劲了。他们不会退出队伍，正在外面努力做其他任务，让我们赶紧把主线任务完成，说他们就等着躺赢。等他们也拿到一万点奖励，就可以重新把等级升回来，还能再进入这个副本。”
Fanyin smiled at Broken Moon, nodded to Wang Ye again, and said, "I have already found a way to contact Lao Wang and Xiao Li and explain it to them clearly, and they have also sensed that something is wrong." They won't quit the team and are out there trying to do other tasks, let's hurry up and finish the main quest, saying that they are waiting to lie down and win. When they also get a reward of 10,000 points, they can level up again, and they can enter this dungeon again. ”
碎月大哭。 Broken Moon cried.
第147章 搞定药园副本 Chapter 147: Get the Medicine Garden Quest
王叶等碎月发泄够了，立刻道：“我打听到一点线索，这个药园里发生了很多怪事，但最怪的是倒霉的很多都是比较恩爱的情侣。再结合我们这个任务，我怀疑背后搞鬼的人要么就是药锄的主人，要么就是和药锄主人有关的那个人。”
Wang Ye waited for the broken moon to vent enough, and immediately said: "I got a clue, a lot of strange things happened in this medicine garden, but the strangest thing is that many of the unlucky ones are more loving couples." Combined with our mission, I suspect that the person behind the ghost is either the owner of the medicine hoe or the person related to the owner of the medicine hoe. ”
梵音第一个反应过来：“那个患有妄想症的女生？” Fanyin was the first to react: "That girl with paranoia? ”
“对。”王叶道：“我怀疑她很可能还待在这个药园中，一直就没离开。”
"Yes." Wang Ye said: "I suspect that she is likely to stay in this medicine garden and has not left. ”
碎月插话：“那我们要怎么找到她？” Shattered Moon interjected, "Then how are we going to find her?" ”
王叶微微一笑：“在找到那个变态妄想女之前，我需要给你们俩做个小小的检查。”
Wang Ye smiled slightly: "Before I find that perverted delusional girl, I need to do a small examination for the two of you." ”
当梵音和碎月得知，精神海被入侵过的人很容易会被再次入侵，因为侵入者会在他们的精神海里下锚，这就跟定位并开了一个后门一样。两人当即就让小叶子给他们好好地、仔细地检查一番。
When Sanskrit Yin and Shattered Moon learned that those who had been invaded in the Spirit Sea could easily be invaded again, because the intruder would anchor in their Spirit Sea, it was like locating and opening a back door. The two immediately asked Xiao Yezi to give them a good and careful examination.
“不要抗拒我的精神力。”王叶先握住了梵音的手腕。 "Don't resist my mental power." Wang Ye first grabbed Fanyin's wrist.
不出所料，梵音的精神海里果然被下了锚点。 As expected, Fanyin's spiritual sea was indeed anchored.
王叶直接就用自己的精神力把这个锚点给吞噬消化了。他原本没有这个吞噬他人精神力的能力，但自从他和虫巢融合为一体，他就有了这个能力。
Wang Ye directly used his spiritual power to devour and digest this anchor point. Originally, he didn't have the ability to devour other people's mental power, but since he fused with the hive, he had this ability.
梵音多少能感觉出一点精神海的轻松，当即开玩笑道：“小叶子，这次检查和治疗不要报酬吗？”
Sanyin could feel a little bit of the relaxation of the spiritual sea, and immediately joked: "Xiao Yezi, don't you want to be paid for this examination and treatment?" ”
王叶没好气地瞪他。以为他不想要吗？要不是他自认欠了一点四名队友的因果，他会免费治疗才怪。
Wang Ye glared at him angrily. Thought he didn't want it? If it weren't for the fact that he admits that he owes a little bit of karma to his teammates, he would have been treated for free.
紧接着就是碎月。 Then came the Broken Moon.
碎月忽然拔腿就跑。 Shattered Moon suddenly pulled out her legs and ran.
王叶迅速施展【自投罗网】和【纠缠不休】，一下子就绊住了碎月的腿脚。
梵音反应也不慢，他已经把匕首对准了碎月的脖子，并威胁道：“我不管你是谁，你再动一下，我宁可杀了我的同伴，让她重来。”
Fanyin was not slow to react, he had already aimed the dagger at Shattered Moon's neck, and threatened: "I don't care who you are, if you move again, I would rather kill my companion and let her come again." ”
“你们是什么怪物。你怎么可能还活着？”碎月发出尖叫。
"What monsters are you. How could you possibly still be alive? Shattered Moon screamed.
王叶一把抓住碎月的手腕。 Wang Ye grabbed Shattered Moon's wrist.
碎月反手一刀就捅向王叶。 Shattered Moon stabbed Wang Ye with a backhand.
王叶手腕不知怎么一扭一掰，就把碎月的手腕给拉脱臼了。
Wang Ye's wrist twisted and broke somehow, and he dislocated Broken Moon's wrist.
碎月发出痛呼：“痛痛痛！我怎么了？见鬼，我刚刚是不是又被精神操控了？”
王叶和梵音一起点头。 Wang Ye and Fanyin nodded together.
碎月单手抱头：“啊啊啊，我怎么这么倒霉，那家伙是盯上我了吗？”
Broken Moon held her head with one hand: "Ahhhh ”
王叶示意碎月伸手。 Wang Ye motioned for Broken Moon to stretch out his hand.
碎月火速伸出手腕。 Shattered Moon quickly stretched out her wrist.
王叶同样在碎月精神海中发现锚点，也同样吞噬消灭。然后趁碎月心神混乱之际，咔嚓一声把她的手腕骨给合回原位。
Wang Ye also found an anchor point in the Shattered Moon Spirit Sea, and he also devoured and destroyed it. Then, while Shattered Moon was in a state of confusion, she snapped her wrist bones back into place.
碎月哇哇叫。 Broken Moon Wow Wow Wow.
王叶松开手，“这就可以了，后面小心点，只要不再接触传播中介物，就不会再有被控制的情况。”
Wang Ye let go of his hand, "That's fine, be careful later, as long as you don't contact the transmission intermediary again, there will be no more control." ”
“小叶子谢谢你！要是没有你，我们该怎么办？”碎月和梵音不住道谢。
"Thank you, little leaf! What would we have done without you? Broken Moon and Sanskrit couldn't stop thanking each other.
王叶心想，如果让你们知道就是因为我，这个副本难度才会提升到还没见到boss就差点让你们全灭的程度，你们大概就不会这么感谢我了。
Wang Ye thought to himself, if I let you know that it was because of me, the difficulty of this dungeon would be increased to the point where I almost wiped you out before I saw the boss, and you probably wouldn't be so grateful to me.
“走吧，去找幕后boss。”王叶转身。 "Let's go, go find the boss behind the scenes." Wang Ye turned around.
梵音和碎月追上去，梵音问：“你已经知道boss在哪里了吗？”
Fanyin and Broken Moon chased after them, and Fanyin asked, "Do you already know where the boss is?" ”
王叶点头又摇头：“还不明确，不过我们可以去看看药园荣誉展览墙，听说那里有过去的老照片，我们先找找看有没有男女主的。”
Wang Ye nodded and shook his head: "It's not clear, but we can go and see the honor exhibition wall of the medicine garden, I heard that there are old photos from the past, let's find out if there are any male and female protagonists first." ”
碎月连连点头：“对对对，你昨天跟我说过。可我昨天那个时候已经被控制了，心里知道是怎么回事，但说话做事的都不是我自己。”
Shattered Moon nodded repeatedly: "Yes, yes, yes, you told me yesterday." But I was already under control yesterday, and I knew what was going on, but it wasn't me who spoke and did things. ”
梵音打量王叶，冷不丁问：“小叶子，我昨天就想问你，你怎么突然变白了？”
Fanyin looked at Wang Ye and asked coldly: "Xiao Yezi, I wanted to ask you yesterday, why did you suddenly turn white?" ”
王叶：“我把身上储存的毒用掉了，就恢复原来肤色了。”
Wang Ye: "I used up the poison stored in my body, and I returned to my original complexion." ”
碎月信以为真：“怪不得，我猜就是技能的缘故。” Broken Moon believed it: "No wonder, I guess it's because of the skill." ”
三人随即杀去展览墙，在那里遇到了一名高年级生库尔特。
The trio then went to the exhibition wall, where they met Kurt, a senior student.
库尔特看到王叶差点没认出来，小黑人变白了，但这么小的新生，额头上还有一个大红包，这些特征太显著，库尔特还是认出了王叶。
Kurt almost didn't recognize Wang Ye when he saw it, the little black man turned white, but such a small freshman, there was a big red envelope on his forehead, these features were too obvious, Kurt still recognized Wang Ye.
“原来是学弟。”库尔特表情有点僵硬，但还是挤出笑脸。这可是那两位大佬认可的学生。
"It turned out to be a junior." Kurt's expression was a little stiff, but he still squeezed out a smile. This is the student approved by those two big guys.
“学长好，学长跟你打听点事。”王叶一看到库尔特竟然在这里出现，就猜到他可能也是关键线索人之一。
"Hello senior, senior asks you something." As soon as Wang Ye saw Kurt appear here, he guessed that he might also be one of the key clues.
果然，经过一番询问，库尔特真的知道当年药锄主人的事，还指着展览墙上的一幅魔法照片说：“这里有他们的合照，当时这几个学长还是很厉害的，据说他们培育出了一株新型的三级药植，药植级别不高，但重在是新型植物，在各校专业大比中获得了前三的好名次，这就是当时的报道。可惜之后的十年中我们学校的培植专业就不行了。”
Sure enough, after some inquiry, Kurt really knew about the owner of the medicine hoe back then, and pointed to a magic photo on the exhibition wall and said: "Here is a photo of them, these seniors were still very powerful at that time, it is said that they cultivated a new type of third-level medicinal plant, the level of medicinal plants is not high, but the emphasis is on new plants, and it has won the top three good rankings in the professional competitions of various schools, which is the report at the time." It's a pity that in the next ten years, the cultivation major of our school will not be good. ”
三人一起看向那幅照片。 The three of them looked at the picture together.
照片中有五个人，站在最中间的就是男女主角。至于另一位男生B则不在这张照片中，他并不是培植专业的学生。
There are five people in the photo, and the one standing in the middle is the hero and heroine. As for the other boy, B, who is not in this photo, he is not a student of the training major.
男生A手上还拿着一个药锄，这就相当于是他的魔杖，笑得有点傻气。
Boy A also has a medicine hoe in his hand, which is equivalent to his magic wand, and he laughs a little silly.
他旁边的女生怀里抱着一个像是捕梦网的魔器，笑得很含蓄，五官秀美，乍一看是个很正常的女孩。
The girl next to him was holding a magic weapon that looked like a dreamcatcher in her arms, smiling very reservedly, with beautiful facial features, and she was a very normal girl at first glance.
另外三人也都笑得傻乎乎的，这毕竟是他们人生最高光的时刻。
The other three also laughed stupidly, after all, this was the highlight of their lives.
王叶转头询问库尔特：“学长，你说你在做一个寻找怪事源头的任务？”
Wang Ye turned his head and asked Kurt: "Senior, you said you were on a mission to find the source of the strange thing?" ”
“对。” "Yes."
“我们就遇到了一些怪事。”王叶就把队友们被精神操控的事说了，但他没说人被杀死，只说受到重伤，利用种族秘法传送回家治疗了。
"We've got something weird going on." Wang Ye told his teammates about being mentally manipulated, but he didn't say that people were killed, only that they were seriously injured and used the secret method of the race to teleport home for treatment.
这也是双月星人后来对蓝星群岛人的普遍认识，他们认为蓝星群岛人有一种种族秘法，每次死亡或受到近乎死亡的重伤就会被传送走，尸体不会留下。而这些回到族地的蓝星群人可以在付出一定代价后，从他们的神那里获得复生机会。
This is also the common understanding of the Blue Star Islanders of the Twin Moon Star later, they believe that the Blue Star Islanders have a racial secret method, every time they die or are seriously injured near death, they will be teleported away, and the corpse will not be left. And these Blue Star Cluster people who return to the clan land can get a chance to be resurrected from their gods after paying a certain price.
最被蓝星群岛的神钟爱的蓝星群岛人还能借用神力当场复活死去的蓝星群岛人。
The Blue Star Islanders, who are most beloved by the gods of the Blue Star Islands, can also borrow their divine power to resurrect the dead Blue Star Islanders on the spot.
因为这个传言，蓝星群岛人在之后很长一段时间变成了香馍馍，很多双月星人都想捕捉他们，想要研究出蓝星群岛人可以复生的秘密，有些双月星人为了学习复生术，还有意接近蓝星群岛人，搞出了不少恩恩怨怨。
Because of this rumor, the people of the Blue Star Islands have become fragrant buns for a long time after that, and many of the Twin Moon Islanders want to capture them, and want to study the secret that the Blue Star Islanders can be resurrected.
库尔特眼神一闪，说道：“正好我也查到一些线索，但我一个人有点势单力孤，正想要不要找几个人和我一起，没想到会遇到你们。你们要和我一起去看看吗？”
Kurt's eyes flashed, and he said: "It just so happens that I have also found some clues, but I am a little alone, and I am thinking about whether to find a few people to join me, but I didn't expect to meet you." Do you want to come with me to see it? ”
王叶很高兴地说：“好啊，那就谢谢学长了，请学长带路。”
Wang Ye said happily: "Okay, then thank you senior, please lead the way." ”
梵音和碎月很想询问这个学长是否可靠，但看王叶同意了，他们最终也没说什么，跟上了库尔特。
Fanyin and Broken Moon wanted to ask if this senior was reliable, but seeing that Wang Ye agreed, they didn't say anything in the end and followed Kurt.
没走几步路，梵音和碎月两人就听到了信息提示音。 After walking a few steps, Fanyin and Broken Moon heard the message prompt.
两人打开队伍频道，就看到了小叶子的留言：这个学长有点问题，小心他。我遇到过他一次，他在这药园里已经待了一段时间，精神海很可能也被入侵过。
The two opened the team channel and saw Xiao Yezi's message: This senior has a little problem, be careful of him. I've met him once, he's been in this medicine garden for a while, and it's likely that the spiritual sea has also been invaded.
梵音和碎月都有数了。这是遇到怪了，下面不是开打，就是要遇到某些危险。
Sanskrit sounds and broken moons have been counted. This is a strange encounter, and the following is either to start fighting, or to encounter some danger.
库尔特回头：“你们走得太慢了，有魔板吗？” Kurt looked back: "You're walking too slowly, do you have a magic board?" ”
梵音和碎月一起摇头。 Sanskrit and Broken Moon shook their heads together.
库尔特很不高兴地拿出他的魔器，指着两人道：“我给你们施展一个加速魔法，否则这样慢腾腾地走路要走到什么时候。”
Kurt was very unhappy and took out his magic weapon, pointed at the two of them, and said, "I'll cast a speeding spell on you, otherwise it will take you to walk so slowly." ”
梵音和碎月正想说不需要，但库尔特已经施展了。 Sanskrit and Broken Moon were about to say no, but Kurt had already done it.
还好这就是一个加速魔法，并不是攻击他们。 Luckily, this is a boost magic, not an attack on them.
库尔特拿出魔板就飞了出去，王叶操纵魔板跟上。 Kurt took out the magic board and flew out, and Wang Ye manipulated the magic board to follow.
梵音和碎月只好用两条腿跑，但有了加速魔法，他们跑起来跟风一样，也能追上前方的魔板。
Fanyin and Shattered Moon had to run on two legs, but with the acceleration magic, they could run like the wind and catch up with the magic board in front of them.
这一跑就跑了半个多小时。 This run lasted more than half an hour.
当跑过一片隔离林时，眼前豁然开朗，出现了大片草地，草地上开着绚烂的各种颜色的小花，风景美不胜收。
When I ran through an isolated forest, I suddenly saw a large meadow with gorgeous flowers of various colors, and the scenery was breathtaking.
王叶露出微笑，库尔特竟然真的带他们来到了变态女的住处，不过……
Wang Ye smiled, Kurt actually took them to the perverted woman's residence, but ......
王叶很想再次提醒两位队友，但他怕他的提醒不但不能帮助两人，说不定还会让系统再次提高任务难度，只好保持静默。
Wang Ye wanted to remind the two teammates again, but he was afraid that his reminder would not only fail to help the two, but might also make the system increase the difficulty of the task again, so he had to remain silent.
不过这里虽然凶险，也不是完全过不去，只要有一个玩家先“牺牲”自己。
However, although it is dangerous here, it is not completely impassable, as long as one player "sacrifices" himself first.
库尔特一路向前飞，没有停下来的意思。 Kurt flew all the way forward with no intention of stopping.
梵音和碎月自然跟在后面跑，很快就踏入草地边缘。 Naturally, Sanyin and Broken Moon ran after them, and soon stepped into the edge of the meadow.
跑在最前面的是梵音，当他继续向前跑动时，忽然发现他的脚被陷住了，整个身体都被一股吸力往下拉。
At the front was Sanskrit, and as he continued to run forward, he suddenly found that his feet were trapped, and his whole body was pulled down by a suction force.
梵音立刻伸手拦住碎月，喊道：“这草地有问题，不要过来！”
Fanyin immediately stretched out his hand to stop the broken moon and shouted: "There is a problem with this meadow, don't come here!" ”
碎月立刻停住脚步，看到梵音身体往下陷，忙伸手去拉他。
Broken Moon immediately stopped, saw Fanyin's body sinking, and hurriedly reached out to pull him.
王叶操纵魔板转头，喊道：“不好，这里很可能是沼泽，我来帮忙。”
Wang Ye manipulated the magic board and turned his head and shouted: "It's not good, it's likely to be a swamp here, I'll help." ”
王叶降低魔板高度，拿出一块木板抛到梵音面前，让梵音双手抓住木板前端，身体尽量趴在木板上面。
Wang Ye lowered the height of the magic board, took out a wooden board and threw it in front of Fanyin, and asked Fanyin to grasp the front of the plank with both hands, and try to lie on top of the plank as much as possible.
木板前端穿着绳子，王叶就拉扯这根绳子，往隔离林的方向拉。
A rope was worn at the front end of the plank, and Wang Ye pulled the rope in the direction of the isolated forest.
梵音身体趴到了木板上。 Sanskrit leaned on the plank.
王叶抓住绳索正要使力。 Wang Ye grabbed the rope and was about to exert force.
突然沼泽地中蹿出了两根触手，一只触手鞭子一样抽向王叶，一根触手抽向木板。
Suddenly, two tentacles popped out of the swamp, one of the tentacles whipped towards Wang Ye like a whip, and the other at the plank.
王叶迅速把绳索抛给碎月：“抓住！” Wang Ye quickly threw the rope to Shattered Moon: "Catch it!" ”
碎月猛地扑住绳索，缠在自己腰上，使出吃奶的劲拼命往后拉着跑。
Shattered Moon slammed into the rope and wrapped it around her waist, pulling it back with all her might.
王叶双手脱离魔板的方向操控器，手中突然出现一把二胡，施展技能冤冤相报，琴弓猛地抽向那只袭向自己的触角。
Wang Ye's hands were out of the direction of the magic board, and an erhu suddenly appeared in his hand, and he used his skills to retribution, and the bow slammed towards the tentacles that attacked him.
触角瞬间就被琴弓的弦拉出一道巨大的伤口，迅速缩了回去。
The tentacles were instantly pulled by the strings of the bow with a huge wound and quickly retracted.
王叶拉高魔板，琴弓与琴身相触，琴音响起。 Wang Ye raised the magic board, the bow touched the body, and the piano sounded.
凄厉的乐声化作无数道因果线，缠住那抽向木板的触角，拉住。
The poignant music turned into countless threads of cause and effect, wrapping around the tentacles that were pumping towards the plank, pulling and pulling.
二胡琴音突然拉高，无数因果线集中在一起化作利刃，猛地切断了那根手臂粗的巨大触手。
The sound of the erhu suddenly increased, and countless causal threads gathered together and turned into sharp blades, slashing off the huge tentacles that were the thickness of an arm.
“碎月，快！”王叶吼。 "Broken Moon, quick!" Wang Ye roared.
碎月发出大叫：“啊啊啊！”用力拉着木板狂奔。 Shattered Moon exclaimed, "Ahhh "Pull the plank hard and run wildly.
梵音恨极了，他半点忙帮不上，只能成为队友的拖累。 Fanyin hated it very much, he couldn't help at all, he could only become a drag on his teammates.
噗的一声，梵音的身体终于脱离了沼泽的吸力，整个身体都跟着木板一起被拉了出去。
With a pop, Fanyin's body finally broke away from the suction of the swamp, and her whole body was pulled out along with the plank.
梵音一脱离沼泽区，连忙扶起因为力量失衡冲跌倒的碎月。
As soon as Fanyin got out of the swamp area, he hurriedly picked up the broken moon that had fallen due to the imbalance of power.
碎月肩膀和手掌全都破了，血肉模糊。 Shattered Moon's shoulders and palms were all broken, and flesh and blood were blurred.
碎月疼得不住掉眼泪，这姑娘今天哭得太厉害，眼睛都肿成核桃了，特别丑。
The broken moon was so painful that she couldn't stop shedding tears, this girl cried so much today that her eyes were swollen into walnuts, which was very ugly.
沼泽里冒出了更多触手，这些触手疯狂挥舞，想要把天空那个讨厌的小虫子给打下来，也想把逃到隔离林那边的两个小虫子给重新拖回沼泽里。
More tentacles popped up in the swamp, and these tentacles waved wildly, trying to knock down that nasty little bug in the sky, and also to drag the two little bugs that had fled to the other side of the quarantine forest back into the swamp.
梵音让碎月赶紧治疗伤口，他挡在碎月前面，快速念魔法口诀。
Sanskrit told Shattered Moon to hurry up and heal his wounds, and he stood in front of Shattered Moon, quickly reciting the magic mantra.
一个拇指大的小火球晃晃悠悠地飞了出去。 A small thumb-sized fireball swayed out.
梵音低骂一声，不再浪费能量去玩什么魔法，掏出匕首就对着袭击过来的触手一阵乱砍。
Sanskrit scolded in a low voice, no longer wasting energy to play any magic, took out the dagger and slashed at the tentacles that attacked.
碎月拿出她的治疗道具，先把自己的伤口治疗好。随后就拔出插在腰带上的小刀，啊啊叫着老娘跟你们拼了，也冲上去跟触手打架。
Shattered Moon took out her healing props and healed her wounds first. Then he pulled out the knife inserted in his belt, and called the old lady to fight with you, and rushed up to fight with the tentacles.
梵音觉得这样的碎月特别美丽，心中顿时生出无限勇气。
Fanyin felt that such a broken moon was particularly beautiful, and infinite courage suddenly gave birth to her heart.
他们是玩家，最不怕的就是死亡，死了大不了就降一级，怕什么？来吧，一起死！
They are players, and the last thing they are afraid of is death, and if they die, they will be downgraded by one level, what are they afraid of? Come on, die together!
梵音和碎月不顾代价地分别跟一只触手拼搏。打着打着，他们忽然发现这些触手似乎并没有想象中灵活？
Sanskrit and Shattered Moon each fought with a tentacle regardless of the cost. As they played, they suddenly found that these tentacles didn't seem to be as flexible as they imagined?
这些触手想灵活也灵活不起来，漫天的二胡乐声下，就是无数的因果线，这些因果线分别拉扯和纠缠住这些触手。
These tentacles can't be flexible if they want to, and under the sound of erhu music in the sky, there are countless causal lines, which pull and entangle these tentacles respectively.
库尔特返身，站在半空对王叶施展魔法攻击，一道道风刃飞向王叶。
Kurt turned around and stood in mid-air to cast a magic attack on Wang Ye, and wind blades flew towards Wang Ye.
沼泽底下也又新冒出十几根触手，全都抽向最大的威胁王叶。
More than a dozen tentacles also emerged from under the swamp, all of which were drawn towards the biggest threat, Wang Ye.
妈的！这是十五级的副本吗，这根本就是三十级的难度！
Damn it! Is this a fifteen-level dungeon, this is simply a level 30 difficulty!
“小光！叫上你的虫，来吃饭了！快！”王叶在心中大喊。
"Little light! Call your worm and come to dinner! Fast! Wang Ye shouted in his heart.
因果循环护身。 Causal cycle protection.
二胡声调一转，从凄厉变得凄凉。 The tone of the erhu changed, from bleak to desolate.
一颗二级魔晶浮到半空，瞬间粉碎。 A second-level magic crystal floated into the air and shattered in an instant.
【因小失大】，献祭术，我贡献祭品，给予敌人两倍到十倍的回击！
[Because of small losses], sacrificial art, I contribute sacrifices to give the enemy two to ten times the counterattack!
天空中看不见的无数因果线忽然就变得更为犀利，唰唰唰，将近十根触手被切断。
The countless invisible lines of cause and effect in the sky suddenly became sharper, and nearly ten tentacles were cut off.
就在触手即将掉入沼泽的一刹那，却像是被什么拉扯一般，全都凭空消失。
At the moment when the tentacles were about to fall into the swamp, they all disappeared out of thin air as if they were pulled by something.
王叶：小爷花了一枚二级魔晶的代价，怎么能一点收获都没有！
Wang Ye: The young master spent the price of a second-level magic crystal, how can he not gain anything at all!
待在虫巢空间中正在修炼的疯药王就见噼里啪啦一堆粗大的触手落到光秃秃的小山上，准确避开了种植区，半棵草都没伤到。
The Mad Medicine King, who was cultivating in the hive space, saw a bunch of thick tentacles fall on the bare hill with a crackle, accurately avoiding the planting area, and not a single grass was hurt.
库尔特也发现他的风刃竟然被一股看不见的力量给反抽了回来，那些风刃全都飞向了他。
Kurt also found that his wind blades were pulled back by an invisible force, and all of them flew towards him.
库尔特可不敢就这么接下自己的风刃，立刻操纵魔板躲避。
Kurt didn't dare to take his wind blade like this, and immediately manipulated the magic board to dodge.
一道黑影飞速冲过来，猛地撞向库尔特。 A dark shadow sped towards Kurt and slammed into it.
库尔特猝不及防，整个人竟然被撞得从魔板上飞了出去。
Kurt was caught off guard, and the whole person was knocked out of the magic board.
眼看库尔特就要落入沼泽。 Seeing that Kurt was about to fall into the swamp.
乐声不断，数根看不见的因果线拉扯住他，一眨眼，库尔特就不见了。
The music continued, several invisible threads of cause and effect tugged at him, and in the blink of an eye, Kurt was gone.
虫巢的隔离牢房里多了个人。 There was an extra person in the hive's isolation cell.
暗中操控库尔特的人陡然发现自己竟然断了和库尔特的联系，惊骇之下，越发想要杀死这个诡异的小孩。
The man who secretly manipulated Kurt suddenly found that he had cut off contact with Kurt, and in horror, he wanted to kill this strange child even more.
看似草原的沼泽地里冒出了一只又一只浑身裹满泥巴的怪物。
Monsters covered in mud have sprung up in what looked like grasslands.
这些怪物全都冲向王叶。 These monsters all rushed towards Wang Ye.
不过它们不能飞，冲到半途，碰不到王叶就会落入沼泽。
However, they can't fly, and if they rush halfway, they will fall into the swamp if they can't touch Wang Ye.
王叶操纵魔板在半空飞来飞去躲避这些怪物，同时还要拉着二胡对付那些似乎越打越多的触角。
Wang Ye manipulated the magic board to fly around in mid-air to avoid these monsters, while also pulling the erhu to deal with the tentacles that seemed to be fighting more and more.
梵音和碎月没办法帮助王叶，他们只对付一只触角就已经竭尽全力。
Fanyin and Shattered Moon couldn't help Wang Ye, they had already done their best to deal with only one tentacle.
就在这时！ That's it!
一股精神力偷袭向王叶。 A spiritual force sneaked up on Wang Ye.
“咿咿！”小光率领浮游光虫也赶到了。 "Babble!" Xiaoguang led the planktonic light bugs to arrive.
“小光，吃光它们！”王叶吼，任由那股精神力冲入自己的精神海。
"Little Light, eat them all!" Wang Ye roared, letting that spiritual power rush into his spiritual sea.
“咿！”小光兴奋大叫：“小的们，上啊！开大餐了！”
"Bah!" Xiaoguang shouted excitedly: "Little ones, go on!" It's time for a big meal! ”
偷袭者暗喜，这个诡异的小鬼死定了！ The sneak attacker secretly rejoices, this weird little imp is dead!
不，她不想杀死这个小鬼了，这小鬼的能力很诡异，应该留下来，好好研究，把他变成自己的武器。
No, she doesn't want to kill this imp anymore, this imp's abilities are very weird, she should stay, study it well, and turn him into her own weapon.
“啊啊啊！”偷袭者突然发出凄厉惨叫。 "Ahhh The sneak attacker suddenly let out a terrible scream.
她闯入诡异小孩精神海的精神力竟然被吞噬了。 Her spiritual power that broke into the strange child's spiritual sea was devoured.
最可怕的是，在她缩回自己的精神力时，有什么看不见的东西顺着她收回的精神力也闯入了她的精神海。
The most terrifying thing was that when she retracted her spiritual power, something invisible followed her retracted spiritual power and broke into her spiritual sea.
那是什么？滚出去！ What is that? Get out!
王叶冷笑：那是因果线，因果缠身，你还想让它滚出去，怎么可能？
Wang Ye sneered: That's the cause and effect line, cause and effect are entangled, you still want to let it get out, how is it possible?
找到你了！ Found you!
王叶突然转向，飞向隔离林。 Wang Ye suddenly turned around and flew towards the Isolation Forest.
隔离林中有三棵大树形成等边三角形，树身做柱，树顶做平台，上面托着一座隐藏在葱郁树枝树叶中的玲珑小木屋。
In the isolated forest, three large trees form an equilateral triangle, with the body of the tree as a pillar and the top of the tree as a platform, and a delicate log cabin hidden in the lush branches and foliage on top of it.
偷袭者眼看那诡异小孩竟然找到了她的藏身处，大惊失色，连忙指挥触手和怪兽们袭击王叶。
The sneak attacker was shocked when he saw that the strange child had found her hiding place, and hurriedly commanded the tentacles and monsters to attack Wang Ye.
可是那些怪兽和触手像是接收不到她的命令，又像是遇到了什么可怕的袭击，竟然全都在疯狂逃窜。
But those monsters and tentacles seemed to be unable to receive her orders, and as if they had encountered some terrible attack, they were all fleeing frantically.
怎么回事？发生了什么事情？ What's going on? What happened?
王叶眼看小光它们缠住了那些触手和泥浆怪物，他就把全部精神力都放到了对付boss上。
Wang Ye saw that Xiaoguang was entangled in those tentacles and mud monsters, so he put all his mental power into dealing with the boss.
二胡一拉，技能【恶有恶报】施展。 Erhu pulls, and the skill [Evil Retribution] is cast.
“冤有头，债有主，这药园中所有被这变态恶人迫害的灵魂啊，和我一起诅咒这个歹毒的恶人，让她恶有恶报，得到应得的报应吧！”
"There is a wrong, there is a debtor, all the souls in this medicine garden who are persecuted by this perverted and wicked person, curse this vicious wicked person with me, let her have evil retribution, and get the retribution she deserves!"
王叶的话语宛如吟唱，声音似乎传遍了整个药园。 Wang Ye's words were like chanting, and the sound seemed to spread throughout the entire medicine garden.
药园天空忽然变暗，冰冷凄厉的阴风从药园四处冒起。 The sky of the medicine garden suddenly darkened, and a cold and bitter yin wind rose from all around the medicine garden.
“诅咒她！诅咒这个恶毒的变态！让她恶有恶报！” "Curse her! Curse this vicious pervert! Let her be punished for evil! ”
“诅咒她！我用我的灵魂诅咒她！我要撕裂那恶毒者的灵魂，让她尝到我们曾经尝受到的痛苦！”
"Curse her! I curse her with my soul! I will tear the soul of that wicked one out and let her taste the pain we once tasted! ”
“我要报复！我恨，我恨！诅咒她，我要她灵魂永远受到折磨无法解脱！”
"I want revenge! I hate, I hate! Curse her, I want her soul to be tormented forever and unable to be freed! ”
“去死吧！我用所有的力量诅咒你！” "Die! I curse you with all my might! ”
无数声音似乎在药园中响起。 Countless voices seemed to sound in the medicine garden.
这么大的动静，自然惊动了药园的大佬们。 Such a big movement naturally alarmed the bigwigs of the medicine garden.
工作人员和学生们全都面带惊悚地看向四周，他们有的人能感觉到一点阴魂存在，有的则什么都看不见，但都能感觉到一股庞大的负面能量正在药园聚集。
The staff and students all looked around in horror, some of them could sense a little bit of the ghost, some could see nothing, but they could all feel a huge wave of negative energy gathering in the medicine garden.
虫老和副园长，包括前来看树人转化的园长全都腾空而起，看着后山沼泽地的方向，失色。
The insect elder and the deputy principal, including the one who came to see the transformation of the tree man, all rose into the air, looking in the direction of the swamp in the back mountain, and lost their color.
“不会是那小子吧？”副园长低喃。 "It can't be that kid, right?" The deputy principal murmured.
虫老眼皮抽了抽。他好像还是小看那个小鬼了，这是一个一年级新生能搞出来的规模吗？
The old worm's eyelids twitched. He still seems to be underestimating that little ghost, is this the scale that a first-year freshman can make?
园长皱眉，身影一动，就要离开。 The director frowned, and as soon as his figure moved, he was about to leave.
但虫老和副园长出现在他的一左一右。 But the old worm and the deputy principal appeared on his left and right.
虫老淡淡道：“园长，有些事情看着就好。” The insect elder said lightly: "Principal, there are some things to look at." ”
“是啊，园长，您日理万机，那边那点小事，您就别管了。”副园长也面带恭敬，却半点也没有让他赶去出事地点的意思。
"Yes, Principal, you have a lot of opportunities, you don't care about the little things over there." The deputy director was also respectful, but he didn't mean to let him rush to the place of the accident.
园长脸色阴沉，沉声道：“那里……” The director of the garden had a gloomy face and said in a deep voice: "...... there"
“我们知道，我们也答应过你。但是我们药园也有药园的规矩，您是园长，更应该遵守这些规则不是？”副园长笑得可亲。
"We know, and we promised you. But we also have the rules of the medicine garden, and you are the director, so you should abide by these rules, right? The deputy principal smiled amiably.
虫老就不客气多了：“你以为药园中这些怪事都是谁做的？源头在哪里？”
The insect elder was much more polite: "Who do you think did all these strange things in the medicine garden?" Where is the source? ”
副园长对虫老暗中摇摇头，示意不需要说得太明白，那园长也不是原本那个人，只不过是……
The deputy director shook his head secretly at the insect elder, indicating that there was no need to make it too clear, the director was not the original person, but just ......
园长表情一阵茫然，他觉得自己好像丢失了一段很重要的记忆。但他记得沼泽地那边住着他的侄女儿，一个对爱情求而不得还被不喜欢的人占了便宜，之后又被迫落胎，最后还被家族鄙视落得无家可归的可怜女孩子。
The principal's expression was dazed, and he felt as if he had lost an important memory. But he remembered that on the other side of the swamp lived his niece, a poor girl who was desperate for love and was taken advantage of by someone she didn't like, and then she was forced to have a miscarriage, and finally she was despised by her family and left homeless.
第148章 魂种、拓印 Chapter 148: Soul Seed, Rubbing
梵音和碎月看着面前突然一段段掉落到地上的触角，一屁股坐在地上，他们累惨了。脱力之后，连动弹一下都难。
Fanyin and Shattered Moon looked at the tentacles in front of them that suddenly fell to the ground one by one, and sat on the ground, they were tired. After losing the force, it is difficult to even move.
紧接着，那些掉落在地上的触角就在他们眼前一点点消失。
Immediately after, the tentacles that had fallen to the ground disappeared little by little before their eyes.
碎月盯着那些触角，声音颤抖地说：“梵音大大，你看那些触角上面是不是有一群小虫子？”
Broken Moon stared at those tentacles, and said in a trembling voice: "Sanskrit is loud, do you see if there is a group of small insects on those tentacles?" ”
梵音神色凝重又放松：“看到了。” Fanyin's expression was solemn and relaxed: "I saw it." ”
碎月咕咚咽了口口水，“那那那些虫子不会也来咬我们吧？”
Shattered Moon swallowed, "Then those bugs won't come to bite us too, will they?" ”
梵音观察了一会儿，摇头：“应该不会。那些虫子很可能和小叶子有关。”
Sanskrit observed for a while and shook his head: "Probably not." Those bugs are most likely related to small leaves. ”
“那就好。”碎月顿时软下腰背，长长吐出一口气：“大大，你有没有觉得有点冷？”
"That's good." Broken Moon suddenly softened her back and let out a long breath: "Big, do you feel a little cold?" ”
“是啊，突然冷了好多。”梵音感觉天色似乎是比刚才阴沉不少，还有很阴凉的冷风从身边穿过。
"yes, it's a lot colder all of a sudden." Sanyin felt that the sky seemed to be much darker than just now, and there was a very cool cold wind passing through him.
两人下意识一起抬头看向半空。 The two subconsciously looked up into the air together.
就在距离他们大约二十多米的地方，小叶子正驾驶魔板悬在半空，手里拿着一把二胡拉着凄凉的音乐。
Just about twenty meters away from them, Xiao Yezi was driving the magic board hanging in the air, holding an erhu in his hand and playing bleak music.
那乐声并不响亮，甚至低到可以忽略。 The music was not loud, even negligibly low.
两人不知道那是因为王叶攻击的不是他们两人，乐声携带的因果之力全都集中在了木屋中的女子身上。
The two didn't know that it was because Wang Ye was not attacking the two of them, and all the karmic power carried by the music was concentrated on the woman in the wooden house.
两人很想去帮小叶子，但他们飞不上去，也不知道该如何帮忙，砍树吗？他们现在连一点力气都挤不出来。
The two of them really want to help Xiaoyezi, but they can't fly up, and they don't know how to help, cut down the tree? They can't even squeeze out a little strength right now.
“小叶子真厉害啊，简直不像是十五级。”碎月感叹。 "Xiao Yezi is so powerful, it doesn't look like it's level fifteen." Broken Moon sighed.
梵音心中一动，他原先十八级，掉了一级现在是十七级。可他的实力显然比小叶子相差很远，而玩家中能比他实力更强的还能有谁？
Fanyin's heart moved, he was originally eighteen, but he dropped one level and is now seventeen. But his strength is obviously far from Xiao Yezi, and who else can be stronger than him among the players?
碎月忽然看向梵音。 Broken Moon suddenly looked at Sanskrit.
梵音也看向碎月。 Sanskrit also looked at the broken moon.
两人都从对方表情看出了什么，又同时竖起手指放到了嘴唇边。
Both of them saw something in each other's expressions, and at the same time raised their fingers to their lips.
两人噗嗤对笑，他们共同拥有了一个秘密。 The two laughed at each other, and they shared a secret.
“快看！”碎月突然伸手指向木屋上空。 "Look!" Shattered Moon suddenly stretched out her hand and pointed to the sky above the cabin.
就见木屋上空竟然凝聚出大团阴影。 I saw a large cloud of shadows condensed in the sky above the wooden house.
随后，那阴影往下一沉。 Then the shadow sank.
木屋中陡然响起了极为凄厉的惨叫。 A terrible scream suddenly rang out from the wooden house.
那惨叫持续了好长一段时间。 The scream went on for a long time.
梵音下意识就呢喃道：“结束了……” Sanskrit subconsciously muttered, "It's over......"
是的，结束了。 Yes, it's over.
无数因为各种冤屈、痛苦、悲愤而死去的阴魂扑上来纷纷啃食那女人的灵魂。
Countless ghosts who had died of all kinds of grievances, pain, and grief rushed up and gnawed at the woman's soul.
这些阴魂有的和女人有仇，但绝大多数都只是一片残魂或者是失去了记忆的怨灵。
Some of these ghosts have a grudge against women, but most of them are just remnants or resentful spirits who have lost their memories.
女人因为自己精神力特殊，喜欢用精神力操纵别人，喜欢看一对对恩爱情侣闹得反目成仇，喜欢看好伙伴好朋友彼此捅刀互杀仇视。
Because of their special mental power, women like to manipulate others with their mental power, like to watch a couple of loving couples turn against each other, and like to be optimistic about partners and good friends stabbing each other to kill each other.
为了让自己的精神力变得更强，她还会到处偷窃吸收别人的精神力来滋补自己，同时留下标记，等着以后玩耍和继续当食物。
In order to make her mental power stronger, she will also steal everywhere to absorb other people's mental power to nourish herself, while leaving marks to play and continue to be food in the future.
如今这些痛苦都回到了她自己身上。 Now all this pain is back to herself.
她窃取了别人多少精神力，如今这些精神力都被啃食掉。
How much spiritual power she stole from others, and now this spiritual power has been eaten away.
她欺辱戏耍祸害了多少人，如今她就要承受灵魂被生生啃食撕裂的痛苦。
How many people she has harmed by her bullying and playing, and now she will suffer the pain of her soul being eaten and torn apart.
这个过程还极度漫长。 This process is extremely long.
她想反抗，但她全身都被因果线缠满，她的精神力也被看不见的因果线给束缚住。最可怕的是那看不见的力量还在吞噬她的精神力，攻击她的精神核。
She wanted to resist, but her whole body was entangled in karmic threads, and her mental power was also bound by invisible karmic threads. The most terrifying thing is that the invisible power is still devouring her spiritual power and attacking her spiritual core.
痛恨女人的阴魂们想要把女人的灵魂拉入深渊，日日夜夜地啃食她。
The ghosts who hate women want to pull her soul into the abyss, gnawing at her day and night.
但王叶想要试试把这女人的灵魂彻底粉碎并消灭。 But Wang Ye wanted to try to completely smash and destroy this woman's soul.
上辈子，这个副本只要打到这女人放弃木屋离开，玩家进入木屋找到被囚禁的男主亡魂，就算过关。
In the previous life, as long as this copy hits the woman who gives up the wooden house and leaves, the player enters the wooden house to find the imprisoned male protagonist's soul, and it is considered to be passed.
那些触手和泥浆怪也出现过，不过那都是有三十级以上的玩家进入时才会触发，玩家等级越高，触发的触角和泥浆怪数量就越多。
Those tentacles and mud monsters have also appeared, but they are only triggered when players above level 30 enter, and the higher the player's level, the more tentacles and mud monsters will be triggered.
可到了他这里，才二十一级就被他触发出来这么多，还附送一个被精神操控可以施展风刃攻击的高年级生。
But when he got here, he was triggered so much by him at only twenty-one levels, and he also came with a senior student who was mentally manipulated and could use a wind blade attack.
也有的玩家看过攻略后偷巧，打不过这boss的情况下，就想办法把boss引出木屋，再让身体灵巧行动迅速的玩家进入木屋找寻男主亡魂。
There are also players who steal the trick after reading the strategy.,If you can't beat the boss.,Find a way to lure the boss out of the wooden house.,And then let the players who are smart and act quickly enter the wooden house to find the ghost of the male owner.。
还有的是一直守在这栋木屋外，等待那boss自己离开屋子，再进屋偷取男主亡魂。
There are also those who have been staying outside this wooden house, waiting for the boss to leave the house by himself, and then enter the house to steal the soul of the male protagonist.
总之，只要把男主亡魂偷出来交给药锄，同样算任务完成。
In short, as long as the male protagonist's soul is stolen out and handed over to the medicine hoe, the task is also completed.
王叶的精神力和因果线紧紧纠缠住女人的精神核，振开其他阴魂，猛地一拉。
Wang Ye's spiritual power and causal thread tightly entangled the woman's spiritual core, vibrating the other yin spirits, and pulling suddenly.
女人的精神核进入了虫巢空间。 The woman's spiritual core entered the hive space.
瞬间，精神核解体，变成了最纯粹的精神力量溢散到虫巢中。
In an instant, the spiritual core disintegrated, turning into the purest spiritual power that overflowed into the hive.
王叶也同时感知到这并不是真正的人类灵魂，就是一团纯粹的精神能量。
At the same time, Wang Ye also sensed that this was not a real human soul, but a ball of pure spiritual energy.
【玩家隔壁小王顺利杀死副本“失落的药锄”中的首恶，中级精神操控魔法师尤妮斯，30点经验值。】
[Xiao Wang next door to the player successfully killed the first evil in the dungeon "Lost Medicine Hoe", the intermediate spirit control magician Eunice, 30 experience points. 】
【玩家隔壁小王的契约魔虫顺利杀死若干助纣为虐的一级泥浆怪兽和二级沼泽触手，190点经验值。】
[The contract demon worm of Xiao Wang next door to the player successfully killed a number of first-level mud monsters and second-level swamp tentacles that helped the abuse, with 190 experience points. 】
王叶很无语，辛辛苦苦杀了一个大boss，结果经验值和杀死一个三级小怪的经验值一样。只从收益上讲，那还不如杀一堆二级和一级小怪。
Wang Ye was speechless, and worked hard to kill a big boss, and the experience value was the same as that of killing a third-level mob. In terms of revenue alone, it is better to kill a bunch of second- and first-level mobs.
反正他已经了解，这个游戏想要纯靠杀怪来升级，基本不可能。
Anyway, he already understands that it is basically impossible for this game to be upgraded purely by killing monsters.
不过随后系统就通知他完成了若干个支线任务。 However, he was then notified that he had completed several side quests.
这些支线任务都是希望尤妮斯能遭到报应的，如今尤妮斯一死，这些支线任务就被判定自动完成，奖励也纷纷到账。
These side quests are all in the hope that Eunice will be retributed, and now that Eunice is dead, these side quests will be judged to be completed automatically, and the rewards will be credited to the account.
不是每个支线任务都有丰厚报酬，但七七八八记起来，也有11500点的经验值。
Not every side quest has good payouts, but when you remember it, you also have 11,500 experience points.
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到232399点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到二十二级。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, after deducting the experience points that have been used, the player's experience points have accumulated 232399 points, and the upgrade conditions are met, and the game level has been upgraded to twenty-two.] 】
不错，总算升了一级。 Yes, finally up one level.
咦？这是什么？ Hey? What is it?
王叶看到了一颗宛如种子的东西。 Wang Ye saw something like a seed.
虽然不知道这种子有什么用，但王叶肯定不可能让这么一个来历不明的东西完整留在虫巢。
Although he didn't know what the use of this kind of seed was, it was definitely impossible for Wang Ye to let such a thing of unknown origin remain intact in the hive.
鉴定术施展，百科全书给出答案：【低级魂种一枚。魂种为特殊炼金产物，原材料稀少，极难炼制，价值极高，有市无价。可以用来修复精神核、提升精神力，甚至代替精神核形成新的精神海。】
The identification technique is cast, and the encyclopedia gives the answer: [One low-level soul seed. The soul seed is a special alchemy product, the raw materials are scarce, it is extremely difficult to refine, the value is extremely high, and the market is priceless. It can be used to repair the spiritual core, improve the spiritual power, and even replace the spiritual core to form a new spiritual sea. 】
竟然是魂种？他上辈子只听过从没有见过的玩意。还等什么，当然是吃掉它！
It's a soul seed? He'd only heard of something he'd never seen before. What are you waiting for, of course, to eat it!
虫巢地面突然裂开一个口子，啊呜一口把种子吞下。 The ground of the hive suddenly cracked, and the seed was swallowed in one gulp.
王叶打了个饱嗝。 Wang Ye burped.
不愧是传说中的魂种，他的精神核似乎变大了一点，也更凝实，而这也迅速反应到他的精神海。
Worthy of the legendary soul seed, his spiritual core seems to have become a little larger and more condensed, and this is also quickly reflected in his spiritual sea.
他的精神海至少扩大了四分之一的面积。 His spiritual sea had expanded by at least a quarter of its size.
所以……他这是赚大了吗？ So...... Did he make a lot of money?
王叶插腰仰天大笑，占了系统的便宜，爽！ Wang Ye threw his waist into the sky and laughed, taking advantage of the system, cool!
就是不知道这魂种是只有特定的副本成员身上才有，还是每个副本成员身上都有？
I just don't know if this soul species is only found on specific quest members, or if it is on every quest member?
如果每个都有……王叶贪心刚起，就自我否决了这个猜想。
If each has ...... As soon as Wang Ye's greed started, he self-denied this conjecture.
魂种是多么宝贵的东西？如果给每个副本的智慧生物都配上一个，他简直无法想象这需要多么庞大的能量。
How precious is the soul seed? If he were to match every copy of the sapient creature with one, he couldn't imagine how much energy it would take.
他想，应该只有尤妮斯是特殊的，也许尤妮斯能成为精神操控师也跟这枚魂种有关。
He thought that only Eunice should be special, and maybe Eunice could become a mind controller because of this soul seed.
到底是不是这样，等他以后再打boss时注意一下就知道了。
Whether this is the case or not, it will be known when he pays attention to the boss in the future.
虫老和副园长似乎有所感知，当即忍不住想要捂额。 The old worm and the deputy director seemed to have sensed something, and immediately couldn't help but want to cover their foreheads.
“这个小混蛋越来越过分了。那枚魂种呢？他把那魂种弄到哪里去了？还有他是怎么把尤妮斯彻底消灭的？我可以肯定，他的魔力等级绝对没有超过三级，顶多就是初级魔法师的水准。”副园长不可置信。
"This little bastard is getting more and more excessive. What about the soul seed? Where did he get that soul seed? And how did he completely eliminate Eunice? I'm sure that his magic level is definitely not above the third level, at most it is the level of a junior magician. "The deputy director was incredulous.
“那小子的异术不同寻常，应该可以越级挑战，加上他还有一群和他等级相同的契约……虫帮他。这里已经不适合他，必须把他扔出去。”虫老阴沉着脸说。
"That kid's magic is unusual, he should be able to challenge the level, plus he has a group of contracts of the same level as him...... Worms help him. This is no longer suitable for him, he must be thrown out. The worm said with a gloomy face.
“对，让他赶紧滚蛋，出去祸害别人吧。”副园长立即附和。
"Yes, let him get out of here and go out and harm others." The deputy director immediately chimed in.
“那小孩杀了我侄女，你们却半点不惊讶。”园长面色很难说是什么表情，他停顿了一下，说道：“难道药园里发生的怪事源头就是我那个可怜侄女？”
"You are not surprised that the boy killed my niece." It was hard to tell what the expression on the garden's face was, he paused and said, "Could it be that the source of the strange things that happened in the medicine garden is my poor niece?" ”
虫老冷笑：“她可一点都不可怜，可怜的是别人。你那个侄女早该死了！”
The worm sneered: "She is not pitiful at all, she is pitiful of others." That niece of yours should have died a long time ago! ”
园长没有动怒，却露出若有所思的表情：“你们早就知道，但你们却一直没有动手，为什么？这是不是跟我失去的记忆有关。”
The director was not angry, but showed a thoughtful expression: "You already knew, but you haven't done it, why?" Is it related to my lost memory? ”
副园长和虫老都在心中叹息。果然不愧是那位，虽然这只是复制的记忆，但这位“园长”的思维能力并不比真人弱，他也就是缺失了关键记忆才会这样。
The deputy director and the insect elder both sighed in their hearts. Sure enough, it is the one, although this is just a copy of the memory, but the thinking ability of this "principal" is not weaker than that of a real person, and he is missing the key memory to be like this.
副园长拍了拍园长的肩膀：“放心，已经找人来治疗了，你很快就会恢复全部记忆。”
The deputy director patted the director on the shoulder: "Don't worry, someone has been found to treat you, and you will soon recover all your memories." ”
当然，那时候这个给新手历练的普通小幻境就要上升为困难级别的历练幻境了。历练任务也将完全不同。
Of course, at that time, this ordinary little fantasy for novices to experience will be upgraded to a difficult level of experience fantasy. The training missions will also be completely different.
沼泽地边，王叶见大boss已经解决，就从半空落下，邀请碎月和梵音一起进入那座木屋寻宝……不是，是寻找药锄主人被困的灵魂。
On the edge of the swamp, Wang Ye saw that the big boss had been solved, so he fell from mid-air and invited Broken Moon and Fanyin to enter the wooden house to hunt for treasure...... No, it's the soul that is trapped in search of the owner of the medicine hoe.
本副本最大boss的住处，那自然还是有一些好东西的。
The residence of the biggest boss of this dungeon, there are naturally some good things.
王叶一样没拿，让梵音和碎月拿去分了，想要什么让他们自己商量着来，顺便让他们再分两样给早早牺牲的老王和小李，就当是偿还因果了……不要问他的心痛指数！
Wang Ye didn't take it, let Fanyin and Broken Moon take it, let them discuss what they wanted, and by the way, let them divide two more things for Lao Wang and Xiao Li, who died early, and it would be regarded as repaying the cause and effect...... Don't ask him about the heartache index!
至于那位药锄主人的灵魂则被困在一副画像里面。 As for the soul of the owner of the medicine hoe, it was trapped in a portrait.
画像反过来挂在墙上，碎月翻过来时见画像里面的人向她扑过来，吓了一跳，见对方只能待在画像里面，才安心。
The portrait was hung on the wall in turn, and when the broken moon turned over, she saw the person in the portrait rushing towards her, and she was startled, and she was relieved to see that the other party could only stay in the portrait.
之后才认出画像中的男子和他们在展览墙那里看到的药锄主人长得一样。
It was only later that they recognized that the man in the portrait looked the same as the owner of the medicine hoe they had seen on the exhibition wall.
“你们看，药锄主人的灵魂是不是就被困在这里面？”碎月拿着画像问王叶和梵音。
"You see, is the soul of the owner of the medicine hoe trapped in this?" Broken Moon took the portrait and asked Wang Ye and Fanyin.
梵音看向王叶。 Sanskrit Yin looked at Wang Ye.
王叶还不知道自己马甲已经掉了，点头：“十有八九就是了，拿过去给药锄看看就知道。”
Wang Ye didn't know that his vest had fallen off, so he nodded: "Nine times out of ten, take it and take a look at the medicine hoe." ”
最后三人一起站到尤妮斯的尸体面前，房间内的东西都已经搜查完，只要有点用处的东西，都给搜刮光了，现在就剩下这具尸体。
Finally, the three of them stood together in front of Eunice's body, and all the things in the room had been searched, and everything that was useful had been looted, and now the body was left.
“小叶子，这次任务，你功劳最大，你刚才什么都没要，所以这个你打死的boss，我们也不能要，它归你了。”碎月快速道。
"Xiao Yezi, you have the most credit for this mission, you didn't ask for anything just now, so we can't ask for this boss you killed, it belongs to you." Broken Moon Expressway.
梵音也立刻点头：“没错。如果你不要，那我们谁都不会拿这个boss身上的战利品。碎月，我们去外面等小叶子。”
Sanskrit also nodded immediately: "That's right." If you don't want to, then none of us will take the loot from this boss. Broken Moon, let's go outside and wait for the little leaves. ”
两人顺着树屋的梯子就下去了。 The two of them went down the ladder of the treehouse.
王叶见队友们真的不是假客气，这才走到尸体边，快速用精神力扫描一遍。
Wang Ye saw that his teammates were really not fake, so he walked to the side of the corpse and quickly scanned it with his mental power.
这一扫描，王叶乐了。 This scan, Wang Yele was happy.
不愧是boss，虽然是普通副本的，但身上戴着的首饰基本都是魔器，手指上还戴着一个空间戒指。
It's worthy of being a boss.,Although it's an ordinary copy.,But the jewelry on the body is basically a magic weapon.,There's also a space ring on your finger.。
王叶首先就把空间戒指摘了下来，再把其他首饰都取了。
Wang Ye first took off the space ring, and then took all the other jewelry.
尸体则带回去向园长交任务。 The corpse was brought back to hand over the task to the principal.
王叶先没查看空间戒指里都有什么，他从木屋出来，就和梵音素月两人去找那把药锄。
Wang Ye didn't check what was in the space ring first, he came out of the wooden house, and went to find the medicine hoe with Fanyin Suyue.
除了小光，其他吃饱的浮游光虫群全都飞回了虫巢，它们吃得太多，需要把多余能量分泌成虫蜜。
Except for Xiaoguang, the other well-fed planktonic light insect swarms all flew back to the hive, they ate too much and needed to secrete excess energy into worm honey.
小光就停在王叶的肩膀上，不仔细看，谁都以为那就是衣服上的一个小小污点。
Xiaoguang stopped on Wang Ye's shoulder, and if he didn't look carefully, everyone thought it was a small stain on his clothes.
到了水井边，碎月刚把画像拿出来，那画像就瞬间裂开。
When he arrived at the well, as soon as Shattered Moon took out the portrait, the portrait cracked in an instant.
里面的灵魂飘出，对着三人点点头，转眼就化作光点消失。
The soul inside floated out, nodded at the three of them, and disappeared as a point of light in the blink of an eye.
随后三人脑中都各自响起了副本主线任务完成的系统提示声。
Then the three of them each sounded in their heads, and the system prompt that the main quest of the dungeon had been completed.
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，顺利完成副本“失落的药锄”的主线任务，找到并解救了其主人灵魂。特此奖励经验值一万点。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, Xiao Wang, for successfully completing the main quest of the dungeon "Lost Medicine Hoe" and finding and rescuing its owner's soul.] Experience worth 10,000 points is hereby awarded. 】
【请本副本所有玩家注意，尤妮斯的死亡导致了药园某位重要人物对你们的仇恨，这位大人物还有十二个小时即将恢复相关记忆，并对杀死尤妮斯的人展开报复。请诸位玩家慎重考虑留在副本中的时间。】
[Please note to all players of this quest that the death of Eunice has led to the hatred of an important person in the Medicine Garden, and this great man has twelve hours to recover his memories and take revenge on the person who killed Eunice.] Please carefully consider how long you will stay in the dungeon. 】
王叶：“……”他为什么觉得系统生气了？不，也许不是系统生气，而是发布这条信息的某个存在生气了，因为他吞了那枚魂种吗？
Wang Ye: "......" Why does he feel that the system is angry? No, maybe it's not the system that's angry, it's that some being who posted this message is angry because he swallowed that soul seed?
碎月惊讶：“就这么简单？” Shattered Moon was surprised: "It's that simple? ”
梵音还低头往水井里看：“不用把画像交给药锄吗？我还以为它特别想要见到它的主人？还是这画像做贼心虚，其实它早就和boss联手？”
Sanskrit also looked down into the well: "Don't you have to hand over the portrait to the medicine hoe?" I thought it wanted to meet its owner? Or is this portrait a thief, in fact, it has long teamed up with the boss? ”
碎月想到那枚手镯，觉得很有可能。 Broken Moon thought of the bracelet and thought it was very likely.
王叶：“也许那把药锄也被人控制了，现在尤妮斯死亡，药锄自然就恢复正常。你们不觉得一把魔器竟然生出神智是很古怪的一件事吗？那又不是什么神器，就是一把普通的四级魔器而已。”
Wang Ye: "Maybe the medicine hoe has also been controlled, and now that Eunice is dead, the medicine hoe will naturally return to normal." Don't you think it's strange that a magic weapon can give birth to sanity? It wasn't an artifact, it was just an ordinary fourth-level magic weapon. ”
上辈子大家都没有想过这个问题，只想着把任务完成就好。
In the previous life, no one thought about this problem, and just thought about completing the task.
但这辈子王叶可不看小看任何一个线索，思考范围也就广了点。
But in this life, Wang Ye doesn't look down on any clues, and his thinking range is a little wider.
碎月惊：“这么说，那把药锄也被boss控制了？可不对啊，如果它被控制，为什么还会让人去解救它的主人，这不是自己在给自己找麻烦吗？”
Shattered Moon Terror: "So, that medicine hoe was also controlled by the boss?" But no, if it's controlled, why would people go to rescue its owner, isn't this asking for trouble for yourself? ”
王叶：“真的是给自己找麻烦吗？你们觉得boss的实力如何？而她又靠什么晋级？”
Wang Ye: "Are you really asking for trouble for yourself?" What do you think of the boss's strength? And what did she rely on to advance? ”
梵音色变：“你是说那女人是在故意给自己找养料？”
王叶：“不止是找养料，也许也是在找乐子。我查过药园这些年发生的怪事，自从那对情侣双双自杀后，那女人就老实了许多，也没再有命案发生。可是对于一个心理变态的人来说，她能忍着一直什么都不做吗？”
碎月恍然大悟：“我懂了！这个主线任务就是一个陷阱，是在钓鱼。”
王叶点头。他怀疑这个药园里发生的事很可能都在过去实际发生过，包括这个帮助药锄寻找它主人灵魂的任务。
“不管如何，主线任务能完成就好。”梵音心大地道。
“是啊，可惜我们没有预想中的十八天那么多，现在只剩下十二个小时了。”碎月感到可惜。
王叶一点都没有感到可惜。那大人物即将报复的警告，简直就是预示这个副本即将从普通级别跨入困难级别。系统肯提醒一声就算不错了，否则它狠心一点，就能让他们这队人在这个副本里全灭。
Wang Ye didn't feel pity at all. The warning that the big man is about to retaliate is simply a sign that this dungeon is about to move from the normal level to the hard level. It's good if the system is willing to remind you, otherwise if it is ruthless, it will be able to wipe out all of them in this dungeon.
妈呀，走走走，赶紧走！王叶再有自信，也不敢在二十一级就挑战困难级别，这是实力差距。
Mom, let's go, let's go! No matter how confident Wang Ye is, he doesn't dare to challenge the difficulty level at the twenty-first level, this is the strength gap.
“我们先看看手头上还有什么支线任务没有完成，要做的赶紧做，一定要在十二小时内完成。诸位，有缘再见！”王叶走得特别干脆。
"Let's first see what side quests at hand have not been completed, and if we want to do it, we must do it quickly, and we must complete it within twelve hours. Ladies and gentlemen, see you soon! Wang Ye walked very simply.
梵音和碎月很想和王叶加个朋友，方便以后联络，但看王叶走得那么快，猜测对方应该是不想跟他们深交，虽然有些小失落，但他们也能理解王叶的做法。
Fanyin and Broken Moon really wanted to add a friend to Wang Ye so that they could contact them in the future, but seeing that Wang Ye was walking so fast, they guessed that the other party should not want to have a deep friendship with them, although they were a little disappointed, they could also understand Wang Ye's approach.
如果这小孩真的是那位隔壁小王的话。 If this kid is really the little king next door.
还剩下十二个小时，大家都抓紧了时间，就连掉了一级的老王和小李也凑出足够的经验值重新升上十五级，没多久就再次进入副本。
There were still twelve hours left, everyone hurried up, and even Lao Wang and Xiao Li, who had dropped one level, made up enough experience points to re-upgrade to level fifteen, and it didn't take long for them to enter the dungeon again.
梵音碎月和他们集合，没说他们怀疑小叶子就是隔壁小王，只说后面得到了药园大佬帮忙，任务完成得还算顺利。然后把战利品拿出来让老王和小李挑选。
Fanyin Broken Moon gathered with them, not saying that they suspected that Xiao Yezi was the little king next door, only that they had the help of the medicine garden boss in the back, and the task was completed quite smoothly. Then take out the loot and let Lao Wang and Xiao Li choose.
碎月不住和两人道歉。 Broken Moon couldn't help but apologize to the two.
老王也跟碎月道歉，说他当时说话太难听。 Lao Wang also apologized to Broken Moon, saying that his speech was too ugly at that time.
碎月表示理解，说如果换了她，她会骂得更凶。 Broken Moon expressed her understanding, saying that if she was replaced, she would scold even more fiercely.
四人前嫌尽释，之后四人还交换了真实游戏ID，互相加了好友，约好以后可以一起打副本。
The four of them were relieved, and then the four of them exchanged real game IDs, added friends to each other, and agreed to play copies together in the future.
老王和小李问起小叶子时，梵音说小叶子还有支线的学习任务要做，就和他们分开了。
When Lao Wang and Xiao Li asked about Xiao Yezi, Fanyin said that Xiao Yezi still had a branch study task to do, so he separated from them.
时间紧急，老王和小李也不是来副本交朋友的，就赶紧散开看能不能在最后的十二小时内再找寻一些机缘。
Time was urgent, and Lao Wang and Xiao Li didn't come to the dungeon to make friends, so they hurriedly dispersed to see if they could find some opportunities in the last twelve hours.
四人也曾想图谋那把四级魔器的药锄，但他们手上没有潜水丸了，只能无奈放弃。
The four of them had also tried to plot the medicine hoe of the fourth-level magic weapon, but they had no diving pills in their hands, so they had no choice but to give up.
王叶对那把药锄没什么兴趣，他还有其他事要做。 Wang Ye had no interest in the medicine hoe, he had other things to do.
十二个小时，他要利用到极致。 Twelve hours, he had to use it to the extreme.
路上，王叶试图采集药田里的药植，发现根本无法采集成功，就是你以为那些药植都是真的，但你摸上去却发现都是虚幻的。
On the way, Wang Ye tried to collect the medicinal plants in the medicine field, but found that he couldn't collect them successfully at all, that is, you thought those medicinal plants were real, but when you touched them, you found that they were all illusory.
这只有一种可能，那就是药园里的药植并不可以随意采集。
There is only one possibility, and that is that the medicinal plants in the medicine garden cannot be collected at will.
不过想想也是，副本里的一切都是能量具现物，如果这里的药植可以让玩家随便采集，那就代表这个副本将要流失大量能量，这对保持一个秘境的稳定肯定不利。
But think about it, everything in the dungeon is an energy manifestation, and if the medicinal plants here can be collected by the player at will, it means that this dungeon will lose a lot of energy, which is definitely not good for maintaining the stability of a secret realm.
所以除了必要的任务物品和获得许可的物品，其他东西都不能随意带出副本。
So except for the necessary quest items and licensed items, nothing else can be taken out of the dungeon at will.
见药植得不到，王叶转头就去了药园图书室。 Seeing that the medicinal plants could not be obtained, Wang Ye turned his head and went to the library of the medicine garden.
是的，药园有个图书室，不大，但里面有不少关于种植、培育、炮制、辨认……之类的知识书籍。
Yes, there is a library in the medicine garden, which is not big, but there is a lot of information about planting, cultivating, concocting, and identifying...... and so on.
王叶看中的是里面一本药植大全。 Wang Ye took a fancy to the book of medicinal plants inside.
这本药植大全包含了最新发现的药植。而他脑中那本药典是疯药王在两百多年前编著，中间有两百多年的时间差。
This encyclopedia of medicinal plants contains the newly discovered medicinal plants. And the pharmacopoeia in his mind was compiled by the mad medicine king more than 200 years ago, and there was a time difference of more than 200 years in the middle.
同样一本书籍在学校图书馆和真药园的图书室要花二十个学分才能租借，在这里却能免费看。
The same book, which costs twenty credits to rent in the school library and the library of the True Medicine Garden, can be read here for free.
图书馆和药园图书室那边能免费看的书籍，他几乎都已经翻阅过，全都收录到了百科全书中。其他需要花费学分的，只要不是特别必要的，他就没舍得借阅。
He had read almost all the books that could be read for free in the library and the medicine garden library, and they were all included in the encyclopedia. For others that need to spend credits, as long as they are not particularly necessary, he is not willing to borrow them.
在副本里发现这本书，他就一直都想看，但王叶前面忙着做任务，当然没时间读书。
When he found this book in the copy, he always wanted to read it, but Wang Ye was busy with tasks in front of him, so of course he didn't have time to read.
现在又不能收集药草，他也不想再做其他支线任务……总觉得结果会很恐怖，那就只有读书填充自己了。
Now that he can't collect herbs, he doesn't want to do any more side quests...... I always feel that the result will be terrible, so I can only fill myself with reading.
王叶进入图书室，就一头埋入书海，以一种常人无法企及的速度快速翻阅着一本本在外面需要花费学分借阅的书籍。
When Wang Ye entered the library, he buried himself in the sea of books, quickly flipping through the books that needed to be borrowed for credits outside at a speed that ordinary people couldn't reach.
他在拓印，先把这些书籍内容都拓印到百科全书中，回去再慢慢理解其中的知识。
He was rubbing, first rubbing the contents of these books into an encyclopedia, and then slowly understanding the knowledge in them.
可惜梵音他们不是本校学校，无法进入这间图书室，否则他们在这里至少能学会培植技能。
It's a pity that they are not from this school and cannot enter this library, otherwise they can at least learn to cultivate skills here.
第149章 众小见面 Chapter 149: The Little Ones Meet
就在距离十二小时还有两小时，王叶赶往香云树林。 Just two hours before the twelve-hour approach, Wang Ye rushed to the Xiangyun Forest.
通过契约，他能感知到香云树转化树人已经到了最后关头。
Through the contract, he could sense that the Transformation of the Fragrant Cloud Tree into a Tree Man had reached the last moment.
树林中，只有副园长在。 In the woods, only the deputy director is there.
但副园长眼中现在只有香云树，看都没看跑进来的王叶。
But the deputy director only has Xiangyun Tree in his eyes now, and he doesn't even look at Wang Ye who ran in.
香云树掉了很多很多叶子，树枝都成了光杆，连一些树枝也掉落下来，这模样，不知道的还以为这棵树就要枯萎死亡。
The Xiangyun tree has lost a lot of leaves, the branches have become light rods, and even some branches have fallen down.
但实际上香云树正在不断进行新陈代谢，改变生命本质，它现在也和重生无疑。
But in fact, the Xiangyun tree is constantly metabolizing, changing the essence of life, and it is now and undoubtedly reborn.
“我来交任务。”王叶把配制好的一百二十桶培植液拿出来。
"I'll hand in the task." Wang Ye took out the prepared one hundred and twenty barrels of cultivation liquid.
副园长随意看了看，挥手都收了起来。 The deputy director looked at it casually and waved it away.
五千点经验值到账。 5,000 XP credits arrived.
“请问园长大人是在他办公室吗？幸不辱命，我已经找到怪事发生的源头，也收集到充足证据……”
"Is the principal in his office? Fortunately, I have found the source of the strange thing and gathered enough evidence......"
“交给我就可以。”副园长态度有点冷淡。 "Leave it to me." The deputy director had a somewhat cold attitude.
王叶感到了这丝冷淡，但也没在意，取出尤妮斯的尸体放在地上：“具体事情是这样……”
Wang Ye felt the coldness, but he didn't care, and took out Eunice's body and put it on the ground: "The specific thing is like this......"
副园长点点头，竟然没有更多询问，手指一点尤妮斯的尸体，尸体起火，片刻就消失得干干净净。
The deputy director nodded, and didn't ask any more questions, pointing to Eunice's body, which caught fire and disappeared in a moment.
“……沼泽地里那些怪物就是曾经失踪的那些野兽和魔兽，尤妮斯应该是掌握了某种制作泥浆怪的方法。根据以上事实，也可以推测出药园药植失窃案九成也与尤妮斯有关，因为那些失窃的药植大多都对精神力有助益，动手的极有可能就是那把药锄。至于为什么会集中在夏天，这点暂时还没有调查出来。”
“…… The monsters in the swamp are the beasts and monsters that have disappeared, and Eunice must have mastered some kind of way of making mud monsters. Based on the above facts, it can also be inferred that ninety percent of the theft of medicinal plants in the medicine garden is also related to Eunice, because most of the stolen medicinal plants are helpful to mental power, and it is very likely that the medicine hoe was used. As for why it is concentrated in summer, this has not yet been investigated. ”
王叶一顿，极有信心地道：“不过如果能调查到尤妮斯的行踪，应该会找出一些蛛丝马迹，她在夏天一定有某种特殊行动。”
Wang Ye was stunned and said with great confidence: "But if you can investigate Eunice's whereabouts, you should find some clues, she must have some kind of special operation in the summer." ”
副园长：“尤妮斯的事情，药园会继续调查。这个任务可以算你完成。”
王叶吐出一口气，能算完成就好。随后脑中就响起了系统提醒任务完成，经验值到账的声音。
他的等级也从二十二级迈入二十三级。
一个普通副本让他连升两级，还是在三天内，还是非常划算的。
“你真的不能让这个树人留下？”副园长忽然道。
王叶呵呵一笑，不说话。 Wang Ye smiled and didn't speak.
副园长摇摇头：“你让树人留下，对你对他都好，我怕你无法保护他。”
The deputy director shook his head: "You let the tree man stay, it is good for you and him, I am afraid that you will not be able to protect him." ”
王叶还是不说话，他明显察觉到现在这个副园长和之前那个副园长的不同。
Wang Ye still didn't speak, he obviously noticed the difference between the current deputy director and the previous deputy director.
这位副园长现在看他的眼神没有半点欣赏和喜欢，更看重的也是药园的利益。
The deputy director didn't appreciate or like him in his eyes now, and he also valued the interests of the medicine garden more.
王叶专心一致地看着香云树，他在暗中跟香云树传递他的想法，让香云树做好在一个小时内不能转变就跟他跑路的准备。
Wang Ye looked at Xiangyunshu intently, and he secretly passed on his thoughts to Xiangyunshu, so that Xiangyunshu was ready to run away with him if he couldn't change within an hour.
王叶答应香云树会给他准备一个能量充沛的地点，进行再次冲刺。
Wang Ye promised Xiangyun Tree that he would prepare a place full of energy for him to sprint again.
但好在系统给出十二小时也不是随便给出，系统应该是计算出香云树转化树人差不多也就需要这么长时间。
But fortunately, the system gives twelve hours, and it is not given casually, the system should calculate that it will take so long for the Xiangyun Tree to transform into a treeman.
香云树忽然给王叶精神传音，跟他说了一句话。 Xiangyunshu suddenly transmitted Wang Ye's spirit and said a word to him.
王叶心中大喜，但脸上不动声色。 Wang Ye was overjoyed in his heart, but his face remained silent.
副园长的脸色看着有些焦躁起来，因为那棵香云树看着就像是要不好了，它的树身正在枯萎。
The deputy principal's face looked a little anxious, because the Xiangyun tree looked like it was going to be bad, and its body was withering.
王叶也担心地道：“小云这是怎么了？它转化失败了吗？”
Wang Ye also said worriedly: "Xiaoyun, what's wrong?" Did it fail to convert? ”
副园长不高兴地看他，似乎在嫌弃他乌鸦嘴。 The deputy director looked at him unhappily, as if he was disgusted with his crow's mouth.
时间一点一滴接近十二个小时的大关。 Little by little, the time approached the twelve-hour mark.
王叶感觉到有什么勾住他的脚脖子。 Wang Ye felt something hook his feet and neck.
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，成功帮助香云树转变成树人，特此奖励经验值三万点。世界声望值500。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, Xiao Wang, for successfully helping Xiangyun Tree transform into a tree man, and hereby rewarding 30,000 experience points.] World Fame is 500. 】
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到287399点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到二十四级。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, after deducting the experience points that have been used, the player's experience points have accumulated to 287399 points, meet the upgrade conditions, and the game level will be upgraded to level 24.] 】
王叶勾起唇角。 Wang Ye curled the corners of his lips.
副园长全神贯注地盯着香云树，当他发现香云树的树身突然开裂，当即惊吓地往前跨出一步。
The deputy head stared at the Xiangyun Tree with full attention, and when he noticed that the body of the Xiangyun Tree had suddenly cracked, he immediately took a step forward in fright.
王叶：就是现在！ Wang Ye: It's now!
副园长注意力被香云树吸引，当他觉察不对，去检查香云树，发现这棵香云树竟然已经死亡，当即变了脸色。
The deputy principal's attention was attracted by the Xiangyun Tree, and when he realized that something was wrong, he went to check the Xiangyun Tree, and found that the Xiangyun Tree had died, and his face immediately changed.
“小鬼，你过来看看，你不是和这棵树契约了，你来看看它是否还有生机。”副园长下令。
"Little ghost, come and see, you don't have a contract with this tree, you come and see if it is still alive." The deputy director ordered.
没有人应声。 No one answered.
副园长转头，就见香云树林中空空荡荡，某个小混蛋早不知跑哪儿去了。
The deputy director turned his head, and saw that the Xiangyun forest was empty, and a certain little bastard had long since disappeared.
王叶退出副本了。 Wang Ye quit the dungeon.
他任务都完成了，树人也接到了，当然要退出副本。 His mission is complete, and the Treant has received it, so of course he has to quit the dungeon.
不过这树人看起来是不是小了点。 But the tree man doesn't look a little smaller.
王叶低头看着用树丫丫揪着他裤腿的小树人，这小东西从头到脚加起来还没有三十公分高。
Wang Ye looked down at the little tree man who was pulling his trouser leg with a tree girl, this little thing was not more than thirty centimeters tall from head to toe.
树人据说可以完整转化成人形，但香云树没有，他还是树木的外表，只是根系都给他缩回来，凝成了两条腿。树枝化成手臂，脑袋顶着几片叶子。
The tree man is said to be able to completely transform into a human form, but the Xiangyun tree does not, he is still the appearance of a tree, but the root system is retracted for him and condensed into two legs. The branches turn into arms, and the head is crowned with a few leaves.
小云仰头对王叶露出一个木木的笑脸，又转头看向四周，他对这个世界充满好奇。
Xiao Yun raised his head and showed a wooden smile to Wang Ye, and then turned his head to look around, he was full of curiosity about this world.
王叶被这个小树人给撩到了，有点可爱怎么办？ Wang Ye was picked up by this little tree man, what should I do if I am a little cute?
小光冲着王叶咿咿叫：“想吃！这个肯定好吃。” Xiaoguang babbled at Wang Ye: "I want to eat!" This one is definitely delicious. ”
王叶没好气地道：“别一天到晚就知道吃吃吃。小云是伙伴，不是食物。”
Wang Ye said angrily: "Don't know how to eat all day long." Xiaoyun is a partner, not food. ”
小树人歪头看小光，伸出枝丫想要碰触它。 The little tree man tilted his head to look at the little light and stretched out his branch to touch it.
小光围着小树人飞来飞去。 Xiaoguang flew around the little tree man.
小树人向王叶传达自己的渴望：想吃这只虫子。 The little tree man conveyed his desire to Wang Ye: he wanted to eat this bug.
这是双方记录在基因中的远古恩怨吗？王叶头大：“……你们能不能有点同伴爱？不行，你们谁都不能吃对方，想吃也忍着。”
Is this an ancient feud recorded in the genes of both sides? Wang Ye's head is big: "...... Can you have a little companionship? No, none of you can eat each other, and you can endure it if you want to. ”
天色有点暗，这会儿已经接近黄昏，他们还在药园附近，就在他一开始进入药园副本的大树下。
It was a little dark, it was close to dusk, and they were still near the medicine garden, right under the big tree where he had entered the medicine garden dungeon at the beginning.
虽然这里经过的人少，但也不太安全。 Although there are fewer people passing here, it is also not very safe.
“小云，你想去我家看看吗？”王叶诱惑并邀请道。 "Xiaoyun, do you want to go to my house to have a look?" Wang Ye seduced and invited.
小树人点头。 The little treant nodded.
王叶当即就带着小树人和小光进入虫巢。 Wang Ye immediately took the little tree man and the little light into the insect hive.
王叶骄傲地指着小湖泊、种植区、小山和他的小二楼，说道：“这里都是我的地盘，你在这里不敢说是绝对安全，但你想安心睡觉还是没问题的。你看你喜欢哪里，你喜欢哪里就住哪里。”
Wang Ye proudly pointed to the small lake, the planting area, the hill and his small second floor, and said: "This is all my territory, you dare not say that it is absolutely safe here, but it is no problem if you want to sleep in peace." You see where you like, and you can live wherever you like. ”
小树人看到这么大一片空间，还有浓郁的能量，当即就表达出喜欢之意。
Seeing such a large space and strong energy, the little tree man immediately expressed his liking.
“去吧，这里随便你玩。”王叶示意小树人可以自由活动。
"Go ahead, you can play here." Wang Ye signaled that the little tree man could move freely.
小树人左右看看，他能感觉到这个空间充满了王叶的气息，还有一股让他感到特别亲近的气息，当初他就是感觉王叶身上有这股让他想要亲近的气息，才会答应和这个人类小孩契约。
The little tree man looked left and right, he could feel that this space was full of Wang Ye's breath, and there was an aura that made him feel particularly close, he just felt that Wang Ye had this aura that made him want to be close, so he agreed to contract with this human child.
小树人迈开脚丫子，吧嗒吧嗒地跑向小湖边。 The little tree man stepped forward and ran to the small lake.
“你又带了什么稀奇古怪的东西回来？”疯药王飘过来，眼睛下意识落到小树人身上。
"What strange things did you bring back with you?" The Mad Medicine King floated over, and his eyes subconsciously fell on the little tree man.
小树人看到疯药王挡路，迅速转身，又啪嗒啪嗒跑回王叶身边。
Seeing that the Mad Medicine King was in the way, the little tree man quickly turned around and ran back to Wang Ye's side with a snap.
觉得有靠山了，安全了，才插腰抬头看向疯药王。 felt that he had a backer and was safe, so he stepped in and looked up at the mad medicine king.
疯药王表情呆滞，嘴巴张得大大的。 The Mad Medicine King's expression was dull, and his mouth was wide open.
王叶摸了摸小树人的小树丫，介绍：“这是小云，以后他也会住在这里，成为我们的一员。”
Wang Ye touched the little tree of the little tree man and introduced: "This is Xiao Yun, he will also live here in the future and become one of us." ”
疯药王瞪着小小的树人，终于不可置信地叫出声：“树人？”
The Mad Medicine King glared at the little tree man, and finally cried out in disbelief: "Tree man? ”
小云举起树枝小手对疯药王晃了晃，像是在打招呼。 Xiao Yun raised his branch and shook his little hand at the Mad Medicine King, as if to say hello.
疯药王啊啊啊的一通乱叫，冲着王叶喊：“你从哪里骗来的小树人？树人一族知道吗？你你你……”
The Mad Medicine King screamed and shouted at Wang Ye: "Where did you deceive the little tree man?" Does the Treants know? You, you, you......"
疯药王大概太激动，已经语无伦次。 The Mad Medicine King was probably too excited to speak incoherently.
倒不是疯药王没见过树人，以他当年的江湖地位，他不但见过树人，还和树人一族关系很好，还结交了好几个树人朋友。
It's not that the Mad Medicine King hasn't seen a tree man, with his status in the rivers and lakes back then, he has not only seen a tree man, but also has a good relationship with the tree man family, and has also made several tree man friends.
但也就因为他了解树人，所以他很清楚树人一族比精灵一族还在乎自己的幼崽。
But because he knew the Treants, he knew that the Treants cared more about their cubs than the Elves.
而王叶带回来的这个小树人明显刚诞生没多久。
“这是自然转化的树人。”王叶简单道，表示小云不是他从树人一族里拐出来的。
疯药王失声，过了好一会儿才说道：“竟然是植物自然转变的树人，真是活久了什么都能看到，幸好我没死透。”
他从出生到死亡到转化成亡灵，还是第一次见到植物自然转化的树人。
随后疯药王就意识到空间中如果多出一个树人会有什么样的变化，疯药王突然大笑，笑得手舞足蹈。
“他有病吗？”小树人悄悄地问王叶。
王叶点头：“病得不轻，以后你离他远一点。”
小树人点点头。
王叶又带小树人去参观了他的小二楼，可小树人还是最喜欢湖泊边，他不想住在房子里。
但小树人这个想法只维持到小光带着它的族群过来打开电视机和电脑。
小光现在也会开电脑和电视了，它还会用键盘打字！
王叶也不知出于什么恶兴趣，他从硬盘里找到他之前花钱下载的一部电影，点击播放。
当屏幕里出现一个只会叫“格鲁特”的小树人时，小云凑到了屏幕前。
这是什么？长得好奇怪啊。
当格鲁特开始跳舞时，小云的脚丫子随着音乐在地上一点一点，整个小身体都扭动起来。
后面小光和浮游光虫跟着飞过来飞过去，身上的亮点一闪一闪，小光还咿咿咿地唱起歌。
小云身体晃动得幅度越来越大。
王叶：“……”
糟糕！他不会又弄了一个电视儿童出来吧？
在小树人沉迷于电影和音乐时，王叶从虫巢里出来，操纵魔板飞向食堂。
在食堂购买了大量食物，王叶这才回去宿舍。
刚进宿舍大门，他就见地板上落了一封信。
王叶捡起信封，封口处盖着一个漂亮的腊印。
封面上写着知名不具几个字。
王叶打开信封，里面没有信纸，却传出一段声音：“回来了立刻到药园后山见我。带着信封，它会指引你。”
是虫老的声音。
王叶思索片刻，打算明天再去找虫老，正好他也有不少事情想要请教这位。
今天他还得抽时间给精灵族做点培元药剂出来。
王叶进入虫巢，随便吃了点东西，就开始炼制药剂。
小云已经彻底被电影内容吸引住，疯药王在他旁边怎么逗他说话，小云都不理他，还嫌他妨碍他看电视。
“爸叽~”我金宝儿回来啦！一道黑色的身影冲入客厅。
雷木就跟在后面。
电视前的小树人转头。
金宝儿突然刹车。
雷木也惊讶地看向小树人。
小树人仰头看着雷木，一脚踩过地上黑黑的小四脚蛇，吧嗒吧嗒奔向雷木，吧唧抱住雷木的腿。
雷木低头看小树人。
小云开心地道：“你好啊，我的族人。”
雷木一愣，失笑，碰了碰小树人伸出来的小枝丫：“你好，你是……树人？”
正好做药剂告一段落的王叶出来，听到雷木问话，当即得意道：“对，他就是树人。是我在任务中遇到的，他原身是香云树，我叫他小云。小云，这是雷木，我的家人，你可以叫他雷木大哥。”
小云紧紧抱住雷木：“大哥。”他喜欢这个人的气息。
雷木也对小云很喜欢，谁不喜欢这么一个小东西呢？
就在一片欢乐气氛中，有一小片地方凝聚了浓浓的黑气。
被踩了一脚的金宝慢慢转过头，眼神凶狠地瞪着那个抱着他雷木爸爸不放的怪物。
敢踩他，还敢抢他雷木爸爸，你死定了，怪物！
金宝冲上去就咬小树人的树根。
小树人一惊，树根化作鞭子，用力一抽。
bia唧！金宝化作黑影被抽飞了出去。
金宝凌空腰部用力，没让自己丢脸地砸到墙上，反而借力一蹬，又飞快蹿了回来。
皮卡叽！怪物，我咬死你！
小树人看黑色小四脚蛇追着自己咬，他就跟打虫子一样piapia抽。就这样，他还能用一支小枝丫手抱着雷木的腿不放。
王叶看小树人和金宝打起来，竟然乐得嘿嘿笑，抱着手臂就在一边看着，完全没有阻止的意思，偶尔还会喊一声：“打得好。”也不知道是在鼓舞谁。
小光和浮游光虫也飞过来，凑热闹地咿咿叫。小光明显偏向金宝。
疯药王一看小树人势单力薄？立马冲过去帮助小树人助威。气得金宝儿大骂他是叛徒。
电影里的音乐声，几个小崽的打闹声，整个客厅闹得不成样子。
雷木无奈地看向王小叶，他几乎可以预想到以后家里的热闹程度。
Lei Mu looked at Wang Xiaoye helplessly, he could almost predict how lively the house would be in the future.
王叶看雷木对他送来不善的眼神，立刻蹦起来，冲过去一手揪住一个，喝道：“闹什么闹？都给我老实点！想不想吃饭了？”
Wang Ye saw that Lei Mu gave him an unkind look, and immediately jumped up, rushed over and grabbed one with one hand, and shouted, "What is the trouble?" Be honest with me! Do you want to eat? ”
这两只被抓了，还互相你伸脚、我甩树根，想揍对方。不过金宝儿手短脚短，一旦拉开距离，他就完全处于弱势。
These two were caught, and they stretched out their feet to each other, and I threw the roots of the tree, trying to beat each other. However, Kimbell has short hands and short feet, and once he pulls away, he is completely at a disadvantage.
被小树丫抽了两下，他却怎么伸脚爪甩尾巴都揍不到那个怪物，金宝儿气成河豚。
was whipped twice by Xiao Shuya, but no matter how much he stretched out his claws and shook his tail, he couldn't beat the monster, and Jinbaoer became angry like a pufferfish.
咻！一道金色光影刺向小树人。 Shout! A golden shadow pierced the little treeman.
雷木手指一夹，夹住了那道金影。 Lei Mu pinched his fingers and caught the golden shadow.
这竟然是一根细细的金属刺。 It turned out to be a thin metal thorn.
“哟嚯！金宝，你能干了吗？竟然连元素操控都给你逼出来了？”王叶惊讶。
"Yo ho! Jinbao, can you do it? Even the elemental manipulation was forced out for you? Wang Ye was surprised.
金宝发了这个大招以后，就蔫掉了，没了半点力气。 After Jinbao made this ultimate, he wilted and lost all his strength.
雷木接过金宝，摸摸他，给予了鼓励和表扬：“不错，有了远程攻击，你以后就不用老是用嘴巴咬敌人了，这招可以多练习。”
Lei Mu took Jinbao, touched him, and gave encouragement and praise: "Yes, with long-range attacks, you don't have to bite the enemy with your mouth all the time in the future, you can practice this trick more." ”
金宝秒恢复，立刻告状：“皮卡叽！皮卡皮卡叽！”那个怪物他踩我，他还打我，坏，太坏了！
Jinbao recovered in seconds and immediately complained: "Pikaji!" Pickup pickup! "That monster he stepped on me, he beat me, bad, so bad!
小树人歪头问王叶：“那是什么东西？”
王叶忍笑：“那不是东西，哈哈哈！那是精灵，金系精灵，叫金宝儿，也是这个家里的一员。”
Wang Ye couldn't help but smile: "That's not a thing, hahaha!" That's the elf, the golden elf, called Jin Bao'er, and a member of this family. ”
虽然小的们很闹腾，但在大家长的强制高压下，大家还是乖乖围在一张桌子上吃起迟来的晚饭。
小树人捧着一杯草木精华液溜溜地吸，真好喝~ The little tree man held a cup of plant essence and sucked it slowly, it was so delicious~
金宝看似被抽得很惨，实际上这小家伙皮硬肉更硬，小树人抽他那几下，他根本不痛不痒，他就是面子上过不去，另外就是感到自己的家庭地位受到了严重威胁……
Jinbao seems to have been smoked very badly, but in fact, this little guy has harder skin and harder flesh, and the little tree man whipped him a few times, he didn't feel pain at all, he just couldn't get over his face, and he also felt that his family status was seriously threatened......
疯药王也占了一个位子，他不能吃，但重在参与嘛，他是一定要和小树人培养感情的！
The Crazy Medicine King also occupies a seat, he can't eat it, but the focus is on participation, he must cultivate a relationship with the little tree man!
王叶在饭桌上把他做的任务内容当做奇葩故事讲给了雷木等家属听，他把副本说成了更容易让雷木理解的幻境。
At the dinner table, Wang Ye told the content of his task as a strange story to Lei Mu and other family members, and he told the copy as a fantasy that was easier for Lei Mu to understand.
大家听得都是唏嘘不已。 Everyone was embarrassed when they heard it.
“对了，今天俞希望来找我，说你给她们的药剂又卖完了，让你赶紧再准备一批给她。”雷木道。
"By the way, Yu Hope came to me today and said that the potions you gave them were sold out again, so let you hurry up and prepare another batch for her." Thunderwood Road.
王叶诧异：“这么快？不是才交给她一批吗？” Wang Ye was surprised: "So fast? Didn't you just give her a batch? ”
雷木笑：“应该是有人用过你的药剂，知道好处，所以来抢购了吧。”
Lei Mu smiled: "Someone should have used your potion and knew the benefits, so they came to buy it." ”
王叶也认为真相就是如此。 Wang Ye also believes that this is the truth.
而实际上…… And actually......
第150章 俞家姐妹的麻烦 Chapter 150: The Yu Family's Sisters' Troubles
心愿旅馆大门紧闭，门上挂出了“店主有事”的牌子。 The door of the Wish Hotel was closed, and a sign reading "The owner has something to do" was hung on the door.
内部大堂内。 Inside the inner lobby.
一名身穿魔法师袍、看不出实际年岁的男子，翘腿坐在椅子上，手里端着一杯红茶，轻轻嗅闻茶香。
A man in a magician's robe, whose actual age could not be seen, sat cross-legged on a chair, holding a cup of black tea in his hand, and gently sniffed the tea.
他身上戴的饰品不多，但懂行的人就知道，那些饰品都是魔器，男子身上那身衣袍也同样价值不菲。
He didn't wear many ornaments, but those who knew knew that they were magic weapons, and the man's robe was also worth a lot.
可以说这是一名从头到脚都很精致，充满低调奢华的人。
It can be said that this is a person who is delicate from head to toe and full of understated luxury.
两名仆人立在角落负责侍候。 Two servants stood in the corner and waited.
俞希望站在那名一看就是大贵族出身的魔法师面前，低着头，像是一个犯错的孩子。
Yu Hope stood in front of the magician who looked like a great nobleman, with his head bowed, like a child who had made a mistake.
“哒。”茶杯底碰到茶托的清脆响声，却把俞希望吓得一抖。
"Dah." The crisp sound of the bottom of the teacup touching the saucer frightened Yu Hope.
“你说那学生做任务去了，不在学校？”俞时铭不紧不慢地问道。
"You said the student went to the assignment and wasn't at school?" Yu Shiming asked unhurriedly.
“是。”俞希望低声回答。 "Yes." Yu Hope replied in a low voice.
“也没能拿到任何药剂？” "Didn't get any potions either?"
“是。” "Yes."
俞时铭抬头，看着俞希望，微笑道：“希望，我对你的期望一直都比对你姐姐高。你的资质也比你姐姐好得多。”
Yu Shiming raised his head, looked at Yu Hope, and said with a smile: "Hope, my expectations for you have always been higher than for your sister." Your qualifications are also much better than your sister's. ”
俞希望深深垂着头。 Yu Hope hung his head deeply.
“没想到你和你姐姐竟然会逃离家族，跑到这么远的地方落脚。不过你们也很聪明，知道考入陨星魔法学校来庇护自己。”
"I didn't expect you and your sister to run away from the family and settle down so far away. But you're also smart enough to get into the Meteor School of Magic to protect yourself. ”
俞时铭明明带着笑，可对于俞希望来说，他说出的每一个字都像是冰里包着毒液。
Yu Shiming was obviously smiling, but for Yu Hope, every word he said was like ice wrapped in venom.
“要不是你们堂弟看到你们，我也就和你们完全错过了。而如果没有发现你们，以及你们贩卖的药剂，我都不知道陨星今年收了一个在魔药炼制方面特别杰出的弟子。你姐姐还想隐瞒我，说那些药剂就是她跟一些药师学徒买的。”
"If it weren't for your cousin seeing you, I would have missed you completely. And if I hadn't found you, and the potions you sold, I wouldn't have known that Meteorite had taken in a particularly outstanding disciple in potion refining this year. Your sister is trying to hide from me that she bought the potions from some pharmacist apprentices. ”
俞时铭冷笑：“如果随便一个药师学徒就有这样的水准，我们家培养的那些药师是不是都该去死一死了？不过你姐姐不懂药剂，她看不出来那些药剂的特殊，我也不会怪她。可她错就错在竟然向我、向家族隐瞒那天才学生的身份。我问她，她竟然还敢不说。”
Yu Shiming sneered: "If any pharmacist apprentice has such a level, shouldn't all those pharmacists cultivated by our family deserve to die?" But your sister doesn't know about potions, she can't see the specialness of those potions, and I won't blame her. But her mistake was that she hid the identity of the genius student from me and her family. I asked her, and she didn't even dare to say it. ”
俞希望拼命克制才能不把双手握成拳头，更克制着不让恨意流露出来。
Yu hoped to restrain himself desperately so that he could not clench his hands into fists, and even more restrained himself from revealing his hatred.
俞时铭什么都看出来，但他根本不在乎这对姐妹的情绪，只道：“如今心愿已经受到惩罚，这家店铺也会有家族的人接手。至于你姐姐以后还能不能回来，那就看你了。”
Yu Shiming could see everything, but he didn't care about the sisters' emotions at all, and only said: "Now that the wish has been punished, someone from the family will take over this shop." As for whether your sister can come back in the future, it's up to you. ”
俞希望心中充满痛恨，她们姐妹早就离开家族，这家旅馆是她姐姐的全部心血，家族什么都没有付出，现在却说夺就夺，真的是跟以前一样无耻卑鄙。
Yu Hope was full of hatred in his heart, their sisters had left the family a long time ago, this hotel was all her sister's hard work, the family had paid nothing, but now they said that they would take it, it was really as shameless and despicable as before.
“三叔爷希望侄孙女做什么？”俞希望低声问。 "What does the third uncle want his niece to do?" Yu Hope asked in a low voice.
俞时铭：“我要那学生制作的更多药剂，要你带他来见我，但不要惊动你们学校的任何人。明白吗？”
Yu Shiming: "I want more potions made by that student, and I want you to bring him to see me, but don't alarm anyone in your school." Do you understand? ”
俞希望抬起头，面色苍白：“那天才学生有个哥哥，他本人还是今年的新生第三，很受关注。如果他失踪，学校不说，他兄长一定会查找。”
Yu Hope raised his head, his face pale: "That day, the talented student had an older brother, and he himself was the third freshman this year, which attracted a lot of attention." If he goes missing, the school doesn't say it, and his brother will definitely look for him. ”
“谁说我会让他失踪了？”俞时铭似乎觉得俞希望的说法很可笑，“我只是让你带他来让我看看，如果他确实优秀，我可以考虑收他做一名弟子。比起在学校一个教授要教导几十几百人，他应该更想找一名老师专门指导他才是。”
"Who said I'd make him disappear?" Yu Shiming seemed to think that Yu Hope's statement was ridiculous, "I just asked you to bring him here for me to see, if he is really good, I can consider accepting him as a disciple." Rather than teaching dozens or hundreds of people at a professor in school, he should have wanted to find a teacher to guide him. ”
俞希望在心中冷笑。如果真是如此，你有本事直接上学校去找人啊，何必如此偷偷摸摸？
Yu Hope sneered in his heart. If that's the case, you have the ability to go straight to school and find someone, so why be so sneaky?
“啪！”俞希望的脸被打偏，嘴角立刻流出一丝鲜血，半边脸都肿了起来。
"Smack!" Yu Hope's face was misaligned, and a trace of blood immediately flowed from the corner of his mouth, and half of his face was swollen.
俞时铭像是什么都没做一样，淡淡道：“我不管你们心里在想什么，最好脸上不要表现出来。”
Yu Shiming said lightly as if he hadn't done anything: "I don't care what you're thinking in your hearts, it's best not to show it on your face." ”
“我想先见到我姐，我要知道她还好好的。”俞希望鼓足勇气说道。
"I want to see my sister first, I want to know she's okay." Yu Hope plucked up the courage to say.
俞时铭放下茶杯：“想见到你姐可以，先把那学生带来让我看看。”
Yu Shiming put down the teacup: "If you want to see your sister, you can bring that student to me first." ”
俞希望身体颤抖，那是恨到极点、气到极点，却又无法发泄造成的生理震颤。
Yu Hope's body trembled, it was a physiological tremor caused by extreme hatred and anger, but he couldn't vent it.
俞时铭撩起眼皮：“你没听到吗？还是你希望你姐姐变成一具药人，或者一具皮囊？”
Yu Shiming lifted his eyelids: "Didn't you hear?" Or do you want your sister to become a medicine man, or a skin? ”
俞希望再次垂下头：“我知道了，我会回学校等他，然后把他带来旅馆。”
Yu Hope lowered his head again: "I know, I will go back to school and wait for him, and then take him to the hotel." ”
在俞希望再度返回学校去找王叶时，王叶正拿着信封前往药园。
When Yu wanted to return to the school to find Wang Ye again, Wang Ye was taking the envelope to the medicine garden.
药园守门人看到恢复正常肤色的王叶，惊讶地道：“你已经解决你身上的问题了吗？”
The gatekeeper of the medicine garden saw Wang Ye, who had returned to his normal complexion, and said in surprise: "Have you solved the problem on your body?" ”
王叶含糊地嗯了一声，举起信封：“我来找这位，他老人家吩咐我过来的。”
Wang Ye hummed vaguely and held up the envelope: "I came to find this one, his old man ordered me to come over." ”
药园守门人验看信封上的火漆蜡，看王叶的眼神很怪异：“你认识这位？”
The gatekeeper of the medicine garden inspected the fire paint wax on the envelope, and looked at Wang Ye's eyes very strangely: "Do you know this?" ”
王叶同样含糊道：“他让我过来找他。” Wang Ye also said vaguely: "He asked me to come to him." ”
药园守门人看了王叶好一会儿，示意他可以进来了。 The gatekeeper of the medicine garden looked at Wang Ye for a while and motioned for him to come in.
再次踏入药园，王叶只感到怪怪的。 Stepping into the medicine garden again, Wang Ye only felt strange.
不过只要仔细看就能发现副本药园和正世界中药园的很多差别。
However, as long as you look closely, you can find many differences between the Copy Medicine Garden and the Zhengshi Medicine Garden.
比如药园守门人，他在副本中就没有碰到。 For example, the Gatekeeper of the Medicine Garden, he didn't encounter it in the dungeon.
还有药园大门旁的办公小楼，副本中也没有。 There is also a small office building next to the gate of the medicine garden, which is not in the copy.
包括药田布置、道路规划，甚至是整个药园的氛围，都有所不同。
Including the layout of the medicine field, the road planning, and even the atmosphere of the entire medicine garden, it is all different.
从这些差别看来，那个副本的时间点应该至少是十年前甚至更早期发生的事情。
From these differences, it seems that the point in time of that copy should have happened at least ten years ago or even earlier.
有信封指引方向——他进入药园不久就飞来一只虫子，落在了信封上，之后又飞起来。
There was an envelope to guide the way - shortly after he entered the medicine garden, a bug flew in, landed on the envelope, and then flew again.
王叶一看到这只虫子就明白这大概就是带路的了。 As soon as Wang Ye saw this insect, he understood that this was probably the one leading the way.
果然，王叶驾驶魔板跟着虫子一路飞到药园的大后方，这是他在正世界从来没有踏足过的地方。
Sure enough, Wang Ye drove the magic board and followed the insects all the way to the rear of the medicine garden, which was a place he had never set foot in the right world.
药园分低中高和专业级区域，他来的这片就是专业级，也就是独属于药园大佬们的地盘，需要得到邀请才能进入，否则随时都会遭到攻击。
The medicine garden is divided into low, medium and high and professional-level areas, and the area he came to is professional-level, that is, the territory that belongs exclusively to the medicine garden bosses, and he needs to be invited to enter, otherwise he will be attacked at any time.
而这里也是陨星魔法学校真正的底蕴所在。 And this is also where the Meteorite School of Magic is truly located.
王叶飞过一座山头，就见眼前出现了大量云雾，如果不紧跟那只虫子，就会迷失在云雾中。
When Wang Ye flew over a mountain, he saw a large number of clouds and mist appear in front of him, and if he didn't follow the insect closely, he would get lost in the clouds.
穿过云雾，眼前竟然是一座又一座连绵的大型山脉，一眼望不到尽头，根本看不清楚有多大多广。
Through the clouds and mist, there are one large mountain range after another, and there is no end in sight, and it is impossible to see how large and wide there are.
这里有乱石嶙峋看不到多少植物的石山，也有树木密集连成片的山林，有高山有峡谷，甚至你还能看到皑皑白雪和正在冒烟的火山，你在这里根本看不到明显的田地。
There are rocky mountains with few plants in sight, dense forests, mountains and valleys, and even snow-capped and smoking volcanoes.
王叶骇然，这应该是学校为了给各种需求特殊的药植创造最好的生存环境，特意改造出来的吧？
Wang Ye was shocked, this should be deliberately transformed by the school in order to create the best living environment for various medicinal plants with special needs, right?
如果真是如此，这该是怎样的大手笔？ If so, what kind of extravagance would this be?
而能为一座药园就做到如此程度的陨星魔法学校当年又到底遇到了怎样的灾难，才会连一个人都没有留下？
And what kind of disaster did the Meteorite Magic School, which was able to do so much for a medicine garden, encounter back then, so that there was no one left?
虫子飞到他面前又飞出去，似乎在催促他。 The bugs flew in front of him and out again, as if urging him.
王叶迅速跟上。 Wang Ye quickly followed.
最后虫子带他进入了一片高山草甸，这里风景异常美丽，宽广的天地和无数绿草野花，还有点缀在草甸中的绿色湖泊，让人心旷神怡。
Eventually, the worm led him into an alpine meadow, a beautiful landscape with vast landscapes and countless green grasses and wildflowers, as well as green lakes dotted among the meadows.
王叶忽然回头，背后是重重山峦，他到底飞了多远？ Wang Ye suddenly turned around, there were mountains behind him, how far did he fly?
虫子突然一头扎入一片草地中，王叶就见那里很突兀地出现了一座占地不小的木屋。
The insects suddenly plunged headlong into a meadow, and Wang Ye saw that a wooden house with a large area appeared there very suddenly.
“下来。”一名老人就坐在木屋门外的椅子上，他旁边有很多架子，架子上似乎晒着大量虫尸？
"Come down." An old man was sitting on a chair outside the door of the wooden house, and there were many shelves next to him, and there seemed to be a large number of insect corpses on the shelves?
王叶按下魔板，一跃而下，兴致勃勃地问：“教授，那云雾是大型魔法阵？”
Wang Ye pressed the magic board, jumped down, and asked with great interest, "Professor, is that cloud and mist a large magic array?" ”
“不止如此。以后你可以定点传送过来，不过你必须通过我的考核，否则以后你就不用来了。”虫老冷冰冰地道。
"It's more than that. In the future, you can teleport to me at a fixed point, but you must pass my assessment, otherwise you won't use it in the future. The worm said coldly.
“考核啊，我虽然很讨厌考核，但谁让您是教授呢，考就考吧，只要有学分给我就好。”王叶笑嘻嘻道。
"Assessment, although I hate assessment, but who made you a professor, just take the test, as long as there are credits for me." Wang Ye said with a smile.
虫老轻哼：“我给你的虫谱，你看了多少？” The insect elder snorted lightly: "How many insect recipes have you read?" ”
“还没怎么看……我回去就看。” "I haven't seen much yet...... I'll see it when I get back. ”
虫老一指身边的架子：“我不管你看了多少，今天你的任务就是把这些虫尸进行分类，如何分类你自己决定，什么时候分完，什么时候让我满意，我什么时候回答你的问题。”
The worm elder pointed to the shelf beside him: "I don't care how much you watch, your task today is to classify these worm corpses, how to classify them is up to you, when to finish, when to satisfy me, when I will answer your questions." ”
王叶……觉得这老头特别了解自己，知道他有一肚子疑问要问，就故意给他设置难关。
Wang Ye...... I felt that this old man knew himself very well, and knew that he had a stomach full of questions to ask, so he deliberately set up difficulties for him.
老头说完这句话，就起身进入了木屋。 After the old man said this, he got up and entered the cabin.
王叶一看老头这不打算谈判的模样，那还等什么？撸袖子干活吧！
Wang Ye looked at the old man's appearance that he was not going to negotiate, so what are you waiting for? Roll up your sleeves and get to work!
王叶看这边花草众多，能量丰沛，当即就把小光和小树人他们都放了出来。
Wang Ye saw that there were many flowers and plants here, and the energy was abundant, so he immediately released Xiaoguang and Xiaoshuren.
“随便玩，可以采蜜，不能搞破坏。”王叶挥挥手，让他们都去玩了。
"Play casually, you can collect honey, you can't destroy it." Wang Ye waved his hand and let them all go play.
小树人一出来，就东看西看，还弯腰去嗅地上的花朵，在草丛里跑来跑去。
As soon as the little tree man came out, he looked east and west, and bent down to smell the flowers on the ground, and ran around in the grass.
小光带领浮游光虫呼啦就飞远了。 Xiaoguang led the planktonic light insect Hula and flew away.
虫老在屋里看到小树人，忍了又忍，忍了又忍，到底还是没忍住，跑出去逗小树人了。
When the insect saw the little tree man in the house, he endured it and endured it, and endured it and endured it, but in the end he still couldn't hold back, and ran out to tease the little tree man.
王叶拿出虫谱，开始一边对照一边学习。 Wang Ye took out the insect spectrum and began to study while comparing them.
昆虫类，这还真的是他的短板。实际上很多昆虫都可以入药。
Insects, this is really his shortcoming. In fact, many insects can be used in medicine.
王叶一边观察晒在扁箩里的虫尸，一边翻阅虫谱，他到底有扎实的药学基础，又掌握了初级鉴定术，很快就找到一定规律，并发现了其中趣味。
Wang Ye observed the insect corpses in the flat basket while flipping through the insect spectrum, he had a solid foundation in pharmacy, and mastered the primary identification technique, and soon found a certain rule, and found the interest.
而王叶只要感兴趣，就很容易一头钻进去。 And as long as Wang Ye is interested, it is easy to dive into it.
虫老只看王叶动作，脸上的冷漠就软化了三分。 The insect elder only looked at Wang Ye's movements, and the indifference on his face softened by three points.
这小混蛋虽然让人头疼了点，但也真的是……值得培养。
This little bastard is a bit of a headache, but it's really ...... It's worth cultivating.
校园内，俞希望站在小屋的花园外，焦躁地走来走去。 On campus, Yu Hope stood outside the garden of the cottage, walking around anxiously.
王叶不在，雷木也不在。她给两人发了联系，但两人都没回。
Wang Ye is not there, and neither is Lei Mu. She sent a call to both of them, but neither of them replied.
俞希望心中感到特别对不起王叶。 Yu Hope felt very sorry for Wang Ye in his heart.
她也没想到她们姐妹都躲到这么远了，还会被家族的人认出来。
She didn't expect that their sisters would hide so far away and be recognized by the family.
离开家族这么多年，她们也长大、长开了，和小时候的模样相差很大，她和姐姐都以为她们安全了。谁能想到她们一个好堂弟竟然还记得她的面貌特征，竟然动用血脉魔法来确定她们的身份。
After leaving the family for so many years, they have grown up and grown, and they are very different from the appearance when they were children, and she and her sister think they are safe. Who would have thought that one of their good cousins would still remember her facial features and use bloodline magic to determine their identity.
被那卑鄙残忍不近人情的三叔爷找到旅馆时，她和她姐都知道她们完了。
When the despicable and cruel third uncle found the hotel, she and her sister knew that they were finished.
她姐还想找机会让她逃跑，逃入学校寻求庇护。 Her sister also wanted to find an opportunity for her to escape and seek refuge in the school.
可三叔爷当场就让她们知道，她们的想法有多么可笑，原来她们身体里早就埋下种子。
But the third uncle let them know on the spot how ridiculous their ideas were, it turned out that they had already planted seeds in their bodies.
她们这些逃出去的家族成员，家族只是不在乎，可如果家族想要惩罚她们却轻而易举。
The family just didn't care about the family members who escaped, but if the family wanted to punish them, it would be easy.
偏偏这时候有人上门求药，都是以前买过药剂的人。 At this time, someone came to ask for medicine, and they were all people who had bought medicine before.
接连来了两三个人询问还有没有无垢药剂，终于引起了三叔爷的注意。
Two or three people came in succession to ask if there was any innocent elixir, and finally attracted the attention of the third uncle.
说到这污垢药剂，一开始是安老板买下了一支。 Speaking of this dirt potion, it was Boss An who bought one at first.
安老板已经三十多岁，公认一辈子也就是魔法师学徒的命。
Boss An is in his thirties, and it is recognized that his life is the life of a magician's apprentice.
谁想到他竟然晋级了，从高级学徒变成了初级魔法师。 Who would have thought that he would be promoted, from a senior apprentice to a junior magician.
一个被认定不可能再晋级的人晋级了，其他人自然会好奇。
A person who has been deemed impossible to advance again is promoted, and others will naturally be curious.
安老板总也有三两关系不错的亲朋好友，别人也就算了，面对好友的询问，他又怎么好意思隐瞒？
Boss An always has relatives and friends who have a good relationship, and others don't care, how can he be embarrassed to hide it in the face of his friends' inquiries?
而且污垢药剂对他效果这么好，他当然也想推荐给朋友使用。
And the dirt potion worked so well on him, of course he wanted to recommend it to his friends.
当时店里只有一支无垢药剂，卖掉就没了，见有人来求，她们姐妹就去学校找王叶，又买了两支。
At that time, there was only one innocent potion in the store, and when it was sold, it was gone, and when they saw someone begging, their sisters went to the school to find Wang Ye and bought two more.
王叶对无垢药剂的态度太平常，她们初时也没意识到这药剂有多么宝贵，直到她们刚把这药剂拿回去，就迅速都被人买下，之后不到两天，来求这个药剂的人更多。
Wang Ye's attitude towards the Innocent Elixir was too ordinary, and they didn't realize how valuable this potion was at first, until they just took the potion back, and they were quickly bought, and in less than two days later, more people came to ask for this potion.
他们姐姐跟人婉转打听，才知道这药剂表面上写着只能去除身体杂质、提高身体素质，实际上去除身体杂质的过程，本来就在改善本身资质。
Their sister inquired about it tactfully, only to learn that this medicine can only remove impurities from the body and improve physical fitness, but in fact, the process of removing impurities from the body is originally improving its own qualifications.
而这无垢药剂去除身体杂质的效果出奇得好，哪怕它只是一支二级魔法药剂。
And this Innocent Elixir is surprisingly effective at removing impurities from the body, even if it's just a second-level magic potion.
安老板也几次跑来想要再求购几支无垢药剂，没买到无垢药剂，就买了王叶炼制的其他药剂。
Boss An also came several times to ask for a few more innocent elixirs, but when he didn't buy the innocent elixir, he bought other elixirs refined by Wang Ye.
俞时铭碰到的那几个客人就都是来问污垢药剂的，同样的，他们听说没有无垢药剂，就要买相同制作者的其他药剂。
The few guests Yu Shiming met all came to ask about the dirt potion, and in the same way, they heard that there was no dirt potion, so they had to buy other potions from the same maker.
因为这几个客人，俞时铭对她们摆放在柜台里的药剂起了一丝兴趣。
Because of these guests, Yu Shiming became a little interested in the potions they placed on the counter.
看到俞时铭拿起药剂，她们姐妹一开始并没有怎么担心，因为她们了解俞时铭，知道他是个眼光很高的人，俞时铭本身也是大药师，并对这个身份很是自傲，平时也根本不会把一些一级药剂和普通药物放在眼里。
Seeing Yu Shiming pick up the potion, the sisters didn't worry much at first, because they knew Yu Shiming and knew that he was a person with a high vision, Yu Shiming himself was also a great pharmacist, and he was very proud of this identity, and he usually didn't put some first-class drugs and ordinary drugs in his eyes at all.
谁想，俞时铭打开一支药剂观察甚至品尝后，他就接连打开了三四支药剂，后来更把柜台里所有药剂和普通药物都拿走。
Who would have thought, after Yu Shiming opened a potion to observe and even taste, he opened three or four potions one after another, and later took away all the potions and ordinary medicines on the counter.
第二天再出现，俞时铭就逼问她们药剂制作者是谁，又问还有没有更多药剂。
When they reappeared the next day, Yu Shiming forced them to ask who the potion maker was, and asked if there were any more potions.
她姐意识到不对劲，怕连累王叶，不肯说出王叶真实身份。
Her sister realized that something was wrong, and she was afraid of affecting Wang Ye, so she refused to tell Wang Ye's true identity.
可她们怎么能抵抗得了家族那些恶魔！ But how could they resist the demons of the family!
俞希望越来越焦急，她想警告王叶和雷木，但……她身体里的种子已经被激活，如果她敢做出对家族不利的事情，那种子就会惩罚她。
Yu Hope became more and more anxious, she wanted to warn Wang Ye and Lei Mu, but ...... The seed in her body has been activated, and if she dares to do something bad for the family, that seed will punish her.
而且她姐还在那老恶棍手上。 And her sister is still in the hands of the old scoundrel.
怎么办？ What to do?
不管如何，她都需要先见到王叶。她不想害这个同学，但她真的不知道该怎么办了。
No matter what, she needs to see Wang Ye first. She didn't want to hurt this classmate, but she really didn't know what to do.
一直等到晚上，俞希望才看到雷木回来。 waited until the evening until Yu hoped to see Lei Mu return.
“你找王叶？抱歉，他在跟学校教授做任务，这是你要的药剂，不多。他这段时间比较忙，也没什么工夫炼制，等以后多了，我送到心愿旅馆吧。”雷木带着点歉意说道。
"Are you looking for Wang Ye? Sorry, he's doing a task with a school professor, this is the potion you want, not much. He's busy during this time, and he doesn't have much time to refine, so I'll send it to the Wish Hotel in the future. Reimu said apologetically.
“不！不用你送过去。”俞希望怕暴露什么，忙又问道：“那王叶什么时候能回来？我、我有一点急事找他，我有一个朋友得了奇怪的病，想请他帮忙看看。”
"Nope! You don't need to send it over. Yu Hope was afraid of exposing something, so he hurriedly asked, "Then when will Wang Ye come back?" I—I'm looking for him in a little hurry, and I have a friend who has a strange illness and wants to ask him for help. ”
雷木看着面前的女孩，缓缓道：“我不确定，等他回来，我让他联系你。”
Lei Mu looked at the girl in front of him and said slowly: "I'm not sure, when he comes back, I'll let him contact you." ”
俞希望没办法了，只能带着这个消息回去。 Yu Hope had no choice but to go back with the news.
当晚，雷木在虫巢见到王叶就跟他说：“心愿旅馆那两姐妹有点问题，以后你的药剂最好不要再放在她们那里卖，也不要再跟她们接触。”
That night, Lei Mu saw Wang Ye in the insect nest and told him: "There is a problem with the two sisters in the Wish Hotel, it is best not to sell your potions with them in the future, and do not contact them again." ”
“好。”王叶根本无所谓，他也就是抱着蚊子腿也是肉的想法，才会把药剂放到心愿旅馆。既然雷木说不要再放到那里卖，那就不放呗。
"Okay." Wang Ye didn't care at all, he just held the idea that mosquito legs were also meat, so he put the medicine in the Wish Hotel. Since Lei Mu said not to put it there to sell it again, then don't let it go.
之后俞希望几乎每天都来找王叶，她也希望通过这种“迫切”让雷木和王叶察觉什么，她不能说，也不能做得太明显，只能通过这种方式传达。
After that, Yu Hope came to Wang Ye almost every day, and she also hoped that through this "urgency" Lei Mu and Wang Ye would perceive something, she couldn't say it, and she couldn't make it too obvious, she could only convey it in this way.
雷木见了俞希望两次，第三次时，俞希望竟然提出希望他能代替王叶去看看她那个朋友。
Lei Mu met Yu Hope twice, and the third time, Yu Hope actually asked him to go to see her friend instead of Wang Ye.
雷木拒绝，并不再见俞希望。 Lei Mu refused, and no longer saw Yu Hope.
俞希望又连续来了半个月，每次都见不到王叶，连雷木都见不到了，她也无奈了，貌似放弃了，后面就没再过来。
Yu Hope came for another half a month, but every time she couldn't see Wang Ye, not even Lei Mu, she was helpless, she seemed to give up, and she didn't come back later.
但俞希望不知道，在她第三次来找王叶时，她的头发里就藏了两只非常微小的虫子，跟她一起回去了。
But Yu Hope didn't know that when she came to Wang Ye for the third time, she hid two very tiny insects in her hair and went back with her.
第151章 学校的秘密 Chapter 151: The School's Secrets
雷木是个很敏锐的人，俞希望那点不正常，他一眼就能看出来，甚至能断言有人对王叶不怀好意，想要借俞家姐妹出手。
Lei Mu is a very sharp person, Yu hopes that something is abnormal, he can see it at a glance, and even assert that someone has bad intentions towards Wang Ye and wants to borrow the Yu family sisters to make a move.
为什么不认为俞家姐妹是主谋？ Why don't you think the Yu sisters are the masterminds?
俞希望脸上和眼中含着的担心、焦急、愧疚都要满溢出来，她除了不能用嘴巴说，几乎在用她的全身告诉雷木：我和我姐出事了，你们千万不要上当，我来找你们是因为我实在没办法。
Yu hoped that the worries, anxiety, and guilt on her face and eyes would overflow, in addition to not being able to say it with her mouth, she was almost telling Lei Mu with her whole body: My sister and I have an accident, you must not be fooled, I came to you because I really can't help it.
雷木把情况跟王叶一说，王叶就让小光派了两只浮游光虫去盯梢，看看俞家姐妹那边到底发生了什么事。
As soon as Lei Mu told Wang Ye about the situation, Wang Ye asked Xiaoguang to send two planktonic light insects to keep an eye on them to see what was going on on with the Yu sisters.
所以俞时铭压根就不知道他后来再见到俞希望，对她说了什么、甚至他当时是什么表情，都通过共感传递给了小光。
So Yu Shiming didn't know that he saw Yu Hope again later, what he said to her, and even what his expression was at that time, was transmitted to Xiaoguang through empathy.
而小光又能共感给王叶。 And Xiaoguang can empathize with Wang Ye.
精神共感，这也是王叶刚刚开发出来的新能力。 Spiritual empathy, this is also a new ability that Wang Ye has just developed.
王叶猜测这可能和他吸收的那枚魂种有关，那枚魂种让他的精神力至少比原先增加了20%。
Wang Ye guessed that this might have something to do with the soul seed he absorbed, which increased his spiritual power by at least 20% compared to the original.
想想看他的精神力基数，这一下增加五分之一，几乎让他的精神力冲到了一个新的层面，就好像打破了某个精神桎梏。
Think about it, the base of his spiritual power, this increase by one-fifth, almost made his spiritual power rush to a new level, as if breaking a certain spiritual shackle.
如果说每次提升自己的玩家等级、改善自己的资质，就是一次打开基因锁的过程。那么那枚魂种也帮王叶打开了一层精神锁。
If you say that every time you increase your player level and improve your qualifications, it is a process of opening the genetic lock. Then that soul seed also helped Wang Ye open a layer of spiritual locks.
虽说两次中转，过程中会导致一点画面和声音模糊，但想要知道大概发生了什么事，已足够。
Although the two transfers will cause a little blur of pictures and sounds in the process, it is enough to know what is going on.
王叶一开始听俞时铭要求俞希望带自己去见他，还以为俞时铭是看上他的炼药能力，想要招揽他。
At first, Wang Ye heard Yu Shiming ask Yu Hope to take him to see him, and thought that Yu Shiming had taken a fancy to his refining ability and wanted to recruit him.
但当跟踪俞希望的浮游光虫跟上了俞时铭，王叶通过小光中转，听到和看到了更多事情。他才发现事情似乎并不是那么简单，这个俞家似乎图谋不小。
But when the planktonic light insect that followed Yu Hope followed Yu Shiming, Wang Ye heard and saw more things through the small light relay. Only then did he realize that things didn't seem to be so simple, and the Yu family seemed to have a lot of plans.
盯梢半个月后，王叶发现那个俞时铭和俞家竟然与他当初在杂货店遇到的疑似被夺舍的店员碰头，双方还谈到了皮囊交易之类的事情，又说心愿旅馆是个好据点什么的。
After stalking for half a month, Wang Ye found that Yu Shiming and the Yu family actually met with the clerk he met at the grocery store who was suspected of being robbed, and the two sides also talked about things like skin trading, and said that the Wish Hotel was a good base or something.
王叶立即就把这事告诉了虫老，还让虫老去找副校长。 Wang Ye immediately told the worm elder about this, and asked the worm elder to find the vice principal.
他还是学生嘛，而陨星城本质就是为更好地服务魔法学校而发展出来的商业街，是完全受陨星魔法学校控制的。
He's still a student, and Meteorite City is essentially a commercial street developed to better serve the magic school, and it's completely controlled by the Meteorite School of Magic.
现在有人想在陨星城搞鬼，还要对陨星学校的学生下手。
Now someone wants to make a ghost in Meteorite City, and they want to attack the students of Meteorite School.
这事学校不管，谁管？ The school doesn't care about this, who cares?
用地球老师和大佬们常说的一句话来说就是：你们还小，好好学习就好，其他的事情就交给大人吧。
In a phrase often said by earth teachers and bigwigs: you are still young, just study hard, and leave the rest to the adults.
热爱学习且年龄不满十岁的王小叶理所当然要把这种麻烦事踢……告知学校。
Wang Xiaoye, who loves learning and is less than ten years old, naturally wants to kick this kind of troublesome thing ...... Inform the school.
虫老显然也不认为这种事应该让王叶插手，他听完就去找副校长了。
Worm Lao obviously didn't think that Wang Ye should be involved in this kind of thing, so he went to the vice principal after hearing it.
虫老去得快，回来也快，他不负责学校的管理事务，他只负责给学校提供高端材料，另外就是当个武力威胁。
He is not responsible for the management of the school, he is only responsible for providing high-end materials to the school, and the other is to be a threat of force.
像他这种性质的工作人员在学校很多，可以说药园后山这一座座山头上的都是类似虫老这样的人。
There are many staff members of his nature in the school, and it can be said that the mountains behind the medicine garden are full of people like Worm Lao.
他们不喜欢管事，也不喜欢教学生，但他们需要一个可以安心做研究的地方。学校同样需要他们的研究，需要他们的名声，需要他们的武力支援。
They don't like to be in charge and they don't like to teach students, but they need a place where they can do their research with peace of mind. The school also needs their research, they need their reputation, and they need their military support.
于是双方一拍即合，互成倚助。 So the two sides hit it off and relied on each other.
虫老把事情交代给副校长，剩下的就没他什么事了。除非学校认为那俞家人和其他阴谋者已经厉害到需要请动他们这些老家伙出手的地步。
The worm elder explained the matter to the vice principal, and he had nothing to do with the rest. Unless the school thinks that the Yu family and the other conspirators are so powerful that they need to ask these old guys to take action.
王叶把包袱甩出去后更是轻松无比，俞希望是学校的学生，陨星的特质就是护短，他们不会允许有人欺负人欺负到学校的学生头上，更何况俞心愿曾经也是学校的学生，还在陨星城安家立业，开的旅馆还很照顾新生。
After Wang Ye threw out the burden, it was even more relaxed, Yu Hope is a student of the school, the characteristic of the Meteorite is to protect the shortcomings, they will not allow someone to bully people and bully the students of the school, not to mention that Yu Xinyuan was also a student of the school, and he also settled down in Meteorite City, and the hotel he opened also took care of the new students.
对于这样的学生，陨星怎么可能看她们被欺负还坐视不理？
For such students, how could the meteorite sit idly by and watch them being bullied?
更何况这事还牵涉到转魂夺舍，贩卖药人和贩卖人类皮囊之类的魔法界决不允许的肮脏事。
Not to mention, it also involves the sordid business of the magical world, such as the sale of medicine and human skins.
“教授，您看我这次分得如何？”王叶展示放在自己两边的架子。
"Professor, what do you think I'm doing this time?" Wang Ye shows the shelves placed on either side of him.
两大排架子，数量至少有上百，而每个架子上又像晒茶叶一样垒起一个又一个圆簸箕，共四层。
There are two large rows of shelves, the number of which is at least hundreds, and each shelf is like drying tea leaves, and there are four layers of dustpans one after another.
这些圆簸箕里面都摆满了虫尸。 These dustpans are full of insect corpses.
虫老在架子间走了一遍，走到最后，虫老眼中全是满意和赞赏，但等转回头，就什么都看不出来了。
The worm elder walked through the shelves, and at the end, the worm elder's eyes were full of satisfaction and appreciation, but when he turned around, he couldn't see anything.
“说说看你这么分的道理。”虫老冷冷道。 "Tell me how you do that." The insect elder said coldly.
王叶咳嗽一声：“一开始我按照虫子的类别分，没获得您的认可。后来我按照能药用和不能药用的分，你同样把我骂了一通。第三次我按照它们的生存环境分，还是没通过。后来我终于明白了……”
Wang Ye coughed: "At first, I was divided according to the category of insects, but I didn't get your approval. Later, I divided it into those who can and cannot use medicine, and you also scolded me. The third time, I divided them according to their living environment, and still didn't pass. Then I finally understood......"
“你明白了什么？” "What do you understand?"
“您老就是在耍我玩呢。”王叶一口道出真相：“您不告诉我标准，只说要您满意，那么哪怕我分法正确，只要您不说满意，那就无法达成您的要求。我可以很自信地说，我前面三次都没有分错，可您却不满意，为什么呢？”
"You're just playing tricks on me." Wang Ye told the truth in one mouth: "You don't tell me the standard, you only say that you want to be satisfied, then even if I divide correctly, as long as you don't say you are satisfied, then you can't meet your requirements." I can confidently say that I didn't make a mistake in the first three times, but you're not satisfied, why? ”
王叶摸摸下巴：“我仔细想了想，如果是我调教学生，我要怎么让他在最快时间内学到最多的基础知识？”
Wang Ye touched his chin: "I thought about it carefully, if I was to train a student, how would I let him learn the most basic knowledge in the fastest time?" ”
王叶说到这里，看向虫老：“您其实不是在考我，而是让我花时间去学习和了解这些虫子。当我对这些虫子彻底了解后，那么不管我怎么分，都有我自己的道理。比如这次，我就是按照对人无毒类和对人有毒类来分。下次我还可以按照好吃类和难吃类来分。而您可以通过我一次次分类来了解我对这些虫子到底掌握了多少。”
When Wang Ye said this, he looked at the insect elder: "You are actually not testing me, but asking me to spend time learning and understanding these insects." When I have a thorough understanding of these bugs, then no matter how I divide them, I have my own reasons. For example, this time, I divided them into non-toxic to humans and toxic to humans. Next time, I can divide them into delicious and unpalatable categories. And you can tell you how much I know about these bugs by sorting them over and over again. ”
“隔了这么长时间才想到这点，我应该夸你聪明吗？”虫老冷着脸道。
"After all this time, should I praise you for being smart?" Worm Lao said with a cold face.
王叶摇头：“不需要你夸我聪明，只要你回答我的某些问题就可以。”
Wang Ye shook his head: "You don't need to praise me for being smart, as long as you answer some of my questions." ”
他已经憋一个多月了。 He's been holding it for more than a month.
虫老眼中闪过笑意，他很瘦，脸色呈酱紫色，不笑的时候，显得人特别严厉，甚至到不近人情的地步。
A smile flashed in the eyes of the old worm, he was very thin, his face was purple, and when he wasn't smiling, he looked very stern, even to the point of being unkind.
“你想问什么？”虫老在藤椅上坐下。 "What do you want to ask?" Worm sat down on a wicker chair.
王叶根本不怕老头这张过分严厉的脸，他已经把这老头看透了。
Wang Ye was not afraid of the old man's overly stern face at all, he had already seen this old man through.
他刚来的那几天，老头就没给过他一个好脸色，对小云倒是好得不得了，送了不少好东西给小云，愣是把小云吃得胖了一小圈。
In the first few days when he came, the old man never gave him a good look, but he was so good to Xiaoyun that he sent a lot of good things to Xiaoyun, and he was stunned to eat Xiaoyun a little fat.
胖乎乎的小树人……也挺可爱的。 Chubby little tree man...... It's pretty cute, too.
他一开始不明白在副本里对他还挺看重的老头，怎么下了副本就对他这么冷淡。
At first, he didn't understand why the old man, who valued him a lot in the dungeon, was so cold to him when he got off the dungeon.
直到那天他做多了早餐，就给老头顺便也带了一份。 Until that day, he had made too much breakfast, so he brought one for the old man by the way.
老头才终于用正眼看他，吃完了还带着点不满说：“怎么没有奶茶呢，你不是很会煮奶茶吗？”
The old man finally looked at him with his eyes, and said with a little dissatisfaction after eating: "Why is there no milk tea, aren't you very good at making milk tea?" ”
王叶秒懂，第二天就把他曾经带给副园长吃过的煎饺、奶黄包和奶茶套餐奉献了出来。
Wang Ye understood in seconds, and the next day he dedicated the fried dumplings, custard buns and milk tea packages he had brought to the deputy director to eat.
当然，除了这三样以外，他还另外准备了肉酱沙拉和蛋煎饼。
Of course, in addition to these three, he also prepared a salad with meat sauce and egg pancakes.
做沙拉的蔬菜都是自家产的，除了做蛋黄酱的鸡蛋花了点钱买……也许他可以考虑在种植区再划分一个养殖区？反正湖里已经有鱼，再养些鸡鸭鹅等家禽也不是坏事。
The vegetables used for the salad are all homegrown, except for the eggs for mayonnaise, which cost a little money to buy...... Maybe he could consider dividing another breeding area in the planting area? Anyway, there are already fish in the lake, and it is not a bad thing to raise some chickens, ducks, geese and other poultry.
养家禽的事暂时放到一边，总之王叶连续带了三天的早饭，老头看他的眼神终于不再充满嫌弃。
The matter of raising poultry was put aside for the time being, in short, Wang Ye brought breakfast for three days in a row, and the old man's eyes were finally no longer full of disgust when he looked at him.
所以当老头坐下，允许他提问后，王叶迅速从虫巢里拿出一盘芝士冰淇淋蛋糕，切好。又准备了一壶浓茶。
So when the old man sat down and allowed him to ask questions, Wang Ye quickly took out a plate of cheese ice cream cake from the hive and cut it. Another pot of strong tea was prepared.
老头看到蛋糕，眼睛明显亮了亮，他虽然装得不是很在意，但在王叶用刀把蛋糕切好后，他手一挥，就给自己取了一块。
When the old man saw the cake, his eyes lit up obviously, although he didn't pretend to care very much, but after Wang Ye cut the cake with a knife, he waved his hand and took a piece for himself.
一口咬下去，冰凉酸甜软糯，酸味不重，甜味也不是特别浓厚，芝士特有的冰凉口感和软嫩的蛋糕胚合在一起，滋味别有不同。
When you bite into it, it is cold, sweet and sour, soft and glutinous, the sour taste is not heavy, the sweetness is not particularly strong, and the unique cold taste of cheese and the soft cake embryo are combined together, and the taste is different.
老头年岁大了，但牙口贼好，吃冷的硬的也完全不是问题。
The old man is old, but he has good teeth, and it is not a problem to eat cold and hard food.
这蛋糕一入嘴，他就有点停不下来。 As soon as the cake entered his mouth, he couldn't stop.
王叶觉得气氛差不多了，这才问出他的第一个问题，他问得很狡猾：“您怎么看我去做任务的那个药园？”
Wang Ye felt that the atmosphere was almost over, so he asked his first question, and he asked very slyly: "What do you think of the medicine garden where I went on a mission?" ”
虫老示意他也在椅子上坐下，王叶也没客气，自己也切了一块蛋糕，坐到了虫老的对面。
The insect elder motioned for him to sit down on the chair as well, but Wang Ye was not polite, he also cut a piece of cake and sat opposite the insect elder.
“你说的那个药园，我们称之为历练幻境。每个魔法学校都有，幻境分级别，一般都是用来给本校学生历练和学习之用。据说有些特殊地点和大中型势力也拥有类似的历练幻境。另外，除幻境所在势力的成员，外来者只要达到一定条件，也能进入幻境历练。总之，这种历练幻境很多。”虫老道。
"The medicine garden you are talking about, we call it the Illusion of Experience. Every magic school has it, and the illusion is divided into levels, which are generally used for the students of the school to experience and learn. It is said that some special locations and large and medium-sized forces also have similar experience illusions. In addition, except for the members of the faction where the illusion is located, outsiders can also enter the illusion as long as they meet certain conditions. In short, there are many illusions of this kind of experience. "Worm old way.
原来当地人是这么理解副本的，倒是很有说服力，也不会让人感到奇怪。
It turns out that the locals understand the copy in this way, which is very convincing and not surprising.
“既然是幻境，为什么里面的人和物都那么真实？”王叶又问。
"Since it's an illusion, why are the people and things in it so real?" Wang Ye asked again.
“那当然跟能量有关。另外每个幻境里面都会有一些关键物品，就不仅仅是纯能量了。”虫老意有所指。
"Of course, it has to do with energy. In addition, there will be some key items in each illusion, not just pure energy. "The worm old man means something.
王叶了然：“就比如小树人小云，还有一些其他特殊存在。”
Wang Ye was clear: "For example, Xiaoshu Man Xiaoyun, there are some other special existences. ”
虫老点头：“可惜我们也不知道每个历练幻境中都有哪些特殊存在，否则哪轮得到你这小子契约树人。”
The insect elder nodded: "It's a pity that we don't know what special existences are in each experience illusion, otherwise which round will get you kid contract tree man." ”
王叶嘿嘿一笑：“肥水不流外人田，好歹也是和我契约，我可是本校学生。”
Wang Ye smiled: "Fertilizer and water don't flow into outsiders' fields, so it's a contract with me, but I'm a student of this school." ”
虫老哼：“要不是这样，你以为你能那么轻易把树人带走？我听说你走的时候还给副园长挖了一个陷阱，那位真的以为树人转化失败，伤心了好久。”
"If it weren't for that, you think you could take the Treant away so easily?" I heard that you dug a trap for the deputy director when you left, and that person really thought that the transformation of the tree man failed, and he was sad for a long time. ”
王叶：“其实吧，我就是看那个副园长挺陌生的，不太相信他。我也怕出什么幺蛾子，正好小云相当于脱壳……您看我一来您这里，就把小云叫出来。”
Wang Ye: "Actually, I just look at the deputy director as a stranger, and I don't believe him very much." I'm also afraid of some moths, and it just so happens that Xiaoyun is equivalent to shedding its shell...... You see, as soon as I came to you, I called Xiaoyun out. ”
虫老对王小叶的信任还是很满意的，这让他觉得自己赢了副园长不止一筹。
The insect elder was still very satisfied with Wang Xiaoye's trust, which made him feel that he had won more than one step over the deputy principal.
王叶趁机问道：“那个幻境……教授你们可以把自己的意识送进去？还是真人进入？”
Wang Ye took the opportunity to ask, "That illusion ...... Professor, you can send your own consciousness in? Or is it a real person entering? ”
虫老嗤笑：“怎么可能真人进入。同样的幻境不知道有多少，只要触发就可能出现。我们就是会分身术也忙不过来。这次会过去，一来这是第一次有人触发这个幻境，大家一时好奇。二来则是因为你。”
The worm elder sneered: "How can a real person enter." I don't know how many of the same illusions there are, as long as they are triggered, they may appear. Even if we know how to doppelgänger, we can't keep it busy. This time the meeting passed, and this was the first time that someone had triggered this illusion, and everyone was curious for a while. The second is because of you. ”
“我们之前以为这个历练幻境最先触发的肯定是学校学生，没想到五个历练者，竟然有四个都是外来者，只有你一个是学校学生。自然要看看是个什么情况。”
"We thought that the first person to trigger this experience illusion must be a school student, but we didn't expect that four of the five experienced people were outsiders, and only you were a school student. Naturally, we have to see what the situation is. ”
王叶：“原来如此。制作这个幻境的人好厉害，竟然能完全复原一个药园，而且细节也那么完美。这位大佬是谁啊？”
Wang Ye: "I see. The person who made this illusion was so powerful that he was able to completely restore a medicine garden, and the details were so perfect. Who is this big guy? ”
虫老瞥王叶：“有些事情还不是现在的你能知道的。” The insect elder glanced at Wang Ye: "There are some things that you can't know now. ”
王叶耸肩：“好吧。我其实就是想看看有没有机会听听他的课，跟他学习一些魔法阵知识。”
Wang Ye shrugged: "Okay." I actually just wanted to see if I had a chance to listen to his class and learn some magic circle knowledge from him. ”
虫老闻言皱眉：“我看过你申请的课程，你学得太杂。”
Hearing this, the worm elder frowned: "I have read the courses you applied for, and you have learned too much." ”
王叶不以为意：“我又不想专门在哪行发挥，我的理想就是什么都要会一点，哪怕不精通都没关系，但如果能精通那最好。”
Wang Ye disagreed: "I don't want to play in any line, my ideal is to know a little bit of everything, even if you are not proficient, it doesn't matter, but if you can be proficient, then it is the best." ”
“你有那么多精力吗？”虫老很不赞成。 "Do you have that much energy?" The worm elder disapproves.
王叶：“我觉得我可以。如果不行，我自己会调整。” Wang Ye: "I think I can." If it doesn't work, I'll adjust it myself. ”
虫老吃着蛋糕，半晌没说话，过了一会儿才说道：“你吞了一枚魂种，精神力必然要比一般人强大，而精神力强大确实对学习很有好处。你有修习精神力锻炼法吗？”
The worm old man ate the cake and didn't speak for a while, and then said: "If you swallow a soul seed, your spiritual power will inevitably be stronger than that of ordinary people, and strong spiritual power is indeed very good for learning." Have you practiced mental strength? ”
“有。我师父教过我一些。” "Yes. My master taught me some. ”
“哦？”虫老脸色沉了沉，但还是拿出一个水晶球放到桌子上，“你需要锻炼精神力，这里有一种精神力锻炼法，你可以试着学学。”
"Oh?" The old worm's face sank, but he still took out a crystal ball and put it on the table, "You need to exercise your mental power, here is a mental power exercise method, you can try to learn it." ”
“谢谢教授。”王叶很高兴地收起水晶球。老头人看着严厉冷酷，实际出手相当大方，想来这个水晶球应该也是一个好东西。
"Thank you, Professor." Wang Ye happily put away the crystal ball. The old man looked stern and cold, but he actually shot quite generously, thinking that this crystal ball should also be a good thing.
“别光收东西，我会考试。” "Don't just take things, I'll take exams."
“知道。”王叶神态轻松，完全闲话家常的态度：“教授，那个尤妮斯是不是真实发生过的事情？”
"Yes." Wang Ye's expression was relaxed, and he was completely gossipy: "Professor, is that Eunice something that really happened?" ”
虫老听到尤妮斯的名字，脸色有点不好看，但他觉得这没什么好隐瞒的，王叶又是自己人，就跟王叶说道：“确实是曾经真实发生过的事情。”
When the worm heard Eunice's name, his face was a little unsightly, but he felt that there was nothing to hide, and Wang Ye was his own person, so he said to Wang Ye: "It is indeed something that has really happened." ”
“那那个尤妮斯……” "That Eunice......
虫老打断王叶：“你想知道究竟，就得先了解这个幻境是怎么回事。当初校长找到我们，让我们帮忙给学校准备几个历练幻境，我们都答应了。后来才知道所谓的帮忙，就是复制我们的记忆和感情。怎么复制的，我暂时还无法告诉你。”
Worm Lao interrupted Wang Ye: "If you want to know what is going on, you must first understand what this illusion is about. When the principal approached us and asked us to help prepare a few experience illusions for the school, we all agreed. Later, I learned that the so-called help is to copy our memories and feelings. How it was reproduced, I can't tell you just yet. ”
“总而言之，大家在玩了几次这种历练幻境后，都觉得十分有意思，加上对自己也没有什么害处，我们甚至还能利用这些幻境做些研究，就都同意了。比如说我要养虫子，但很多虫子并不适合在学校范围内养殖，那么这种跟真实环境几乎完全一致，还能让能量具现化的幻境对我就很有必要。”
"All in all, after playing this kind of experience illusion a few times, everyone found it very interesting, and it didn't do us any harm to ourselves, and we could even use these illusions to do some research, so we all agreed. For example, if I want to raise insects, but many of them are not suitable for schooling, then this kind of illusion that is almost exactly the same as the real environment and can also make energy manifest is necessary for me. ”
虫老还有一点没说，那就是当初说服他们复制记忆和情感的人，还跟他们说，那也是他们的退路，因为他们在复制自己的记忆和感情时，灵魂会和那些幻境产生一定联系。一旦他们本人发生伤及生命的危险，他们的灵魂会立刻被拉入幻境，这样最起码他们还能保留下自己的灵魂。将来无论是转修亡灵魔法，还是就留在幻境生活都可以。
There is one thing that the worm elder didn't say, that is, the person who persuaded them to copy their memories and emotions in the first place also told them that it was also their way out, because when they copied their own memories and feelings, their souls would have a certain connection with those illusions. In the event of a danger to their own lives, their souls will be immediately pulled into the illusion, so that at least they can keep their souls. In the future, whether you switch to necromancy or stay in the illusion world, you can live.
王叶激动了：“我怎么没想到呢！幻境可以能量具现化，如果我在那里研究药剂，我就不用花费真实的药材，那要节省多少学分和魔晶？教授！”
Wang Ye was excited: "Why didn't I think of it!" Illusion can be embodied in energy, if I study potions there, I don't have to spend real medicinal materials, how many credits and magic crystals will I save? Professor! ”
王叶扑到虫老跟前，无视自己的灵魂年龄，一把抓住老头的手，就开始不断恭维他：“教授，我当初第一眼看到您，就感觉出您不同一般，您是那么的卓尔不凡，学识渊博，气质沉稳，大气渊博，更风华绝代。您一开口，那不得了，整个药园天空都因为您的声音变得灿烂明亮，我听您一句话就感到震耳发聩，我……”
Wang Ye pounced in front of the insect elder, ignoring the age of his soul, grabbed the old man's hand, and began to compliment him constantly: "Professor, when I first saw you, I felt that you were different, you are so extraordinary, knowledgeable, calm temperament, profound atmosphere, and even more gorgeous. As soon as you opened your mouth, it was incredible, the entire sky of the medicine garden became bright and bright because of your voice, and I felt deafening when I heard your words, I ......"
“你再多说一个字，以后都不用来了”虫老冷冰冰。 "If you say one more word, you won't use it again," the worm old man coldly.
王叶迅速闭嘴，又张口：“我就一个请求……教授不要扔我啊，扔了我你以后就再也没有蛋糕奶茶煎饼包子面包茶叶蛋……”
Wang Ye quickly shut up and opened his mouth again: "I just have one request...... Professor, don't throw me, if you throw me, you won't have cakes, milk tea, pancakes, buns, bread, tea, eggs, ......"
虫老败给了王叶喊出的一长串食物名。 The worm elder was defeated by a long list of food names shouted by Wang Ye.
“闭嘴！”虫老敲敲王小叶的脑袋：“你以为历练幻境是可以随便进的吗？每次开启和运行这么一个幻境，你知道要耗费多大的能量？我们能进入，能一定程度利用幻境，那是我们付出了代价，而且我们轻易不会破坏幻境的整体环境。可你呢？你能保证你能不在幻境中搞破坏？就算你能保证，你又要付出什么样的代价来交换长久进入的权力？”
"Shut up!" The insect elder knocked on Wang Xiaoye's head: "Do you think that you can enter the Fantasy Realm casually?" Do you know how much energy it takes to turn on and run such a fantasy every time you turn it on? We can enter, we can use the illusion to a certain extent, and that's the price we pay, and we easily don't destroy the overall environment of the illusion. But what about you? Can you guarantee that you won't wreak havoc in the illusion? Even if you can guarantee it, what price do you have to pay in exchange for the power to enter for a long time? ”
王叶思考他有什么能拿来交换的，不知道把金宝儿交出去可不可以？
Wang Ye thought about what he could exchange for, and wondered if he could hand over Jin Bao'er?
算了，雷木喜欢金宝，要真把金宝交出去，雷木一定会揍他。
Forget it, Lei Mu likes Jinbao, if he really hands over Jinbao, Lei Mu will definitely beat him.
虫老：“你想交出小树人吗？” Worm Boss: "Do you want to hand over the little tree man?" ”
“当然不！” "Of course not!"
“那你想把魂种还回来吗？” "Then do you want to get the soul seed back?"
“我都吸收了。” "I've absorbed it all."
“那你认为你还能拿出什么做交换？” "And what do you think you can do in exchange?"
“我……”王叶脑中一亮：“我也是学校一员，我还拥有在药园实习的资格，只要您给我一个长期资格，我也可以扮演NPC啊。”
"I ......" Wang Ye's mind lit up: "I am also a member of the school, and I also have the qualification to intern in the medicine garden, as long as you give me a long-term qualification, I can also play the role of an NPC." ”
“什么NPC？” "What NPC?"
“哦，是我家乡那边的土话，就是幻境中能量具现化出来的傀儡。”
"Oh, it's the local dialect of my hometown, the puppet that manifests the energy in the illusion."
“你没机会了。幻境已经炼制完成，现在不可能再单独为你做改动。”
"You don't have a chance. The illusion has been refined, and it is now impossible to make changes for you alone. ”
“怎么会呢？幻境难道不是根据各种变化而自然发展的吗？那么加一个我又能怎样？教授~老昆大哥~”
"How so? Doesn't the illusion develop naturally according to various changes? So what can I do with adding one? Professor~Brother Kun~"
虫老深吸气，他现在深刻发觉这个小弟子不止是一点点难缠。
Worm Lao took a deep breath, and he now profoundly realized that this little disciple was more than a little difficult.
“你不想知道尤妮斯的事情了？” "You don't want to know about Eunice?"
王叶：“……您在故意避重就轻。” Wang Ye: "...... You're deliberately avoiding the important. ”
“是啊，你想在幻境中留一个你本人的复制傀儡那是不可能的。如果你再跟我闹腾，尤妮斯的事情你也别想知道了。”老头把最后一块蛋糕挪到自己面前，霸住。
"yes, if you want to leave a copy of yourself in the illusion, that's impossible. If you mess with me again, you don't want to know about Eunice. The old man moved the last piece of cake in front of him and held it over.
王叶多想给老头甩一句“你无情你无理取闹”，但他忍了，他觉得他得到进幻境的固定机会还是很大的，不过需要慢慢磨。
Wang Ye wanted to throw a sentence to the old man, "You are ruthless, you are unreasonable", but he endured it, he felt that he still had a great chance of getting a fixed chance to enter the illusion realm, but he needed to grind slowly.
现在嘛，就先听听故事吧。 Now, let's hear the story first.
尤妮斯的故事并不复杂，复杂的在副本中都已经演绎过一遍。
The story of Eunice is not complicated, and the complex has already been played out in the dungeon.
现实中，尤妮斯利用她亲叔叔对她的关心和偏爱，悄悄留在了药园，而校方并不知道这件事，还以为这女孩已经退学回家。
In reality, Eunice took advantage of her uncle's care and preference for her to quietly stay in the medicine garden, but the school did not know about it, and thought that the girl had dropped out of school and returned home.
药园后来发生一系列不好事情，学校当然要派人调查。 A series of bad things happened in the medicine garden later, and of course the school had to send someone to investigate.
当时的药园园长就是尤妮斯的亲叔叔，他一开始完全不认为药园发生的那些事和他侄女有关，但在暗中调查后，他找到了元凶，也就是他侄女。
At that time, the director of the medicine garden was Eunice's own uncle, and he didn't think that what happened in the medicine garden had anything to do with his niece at first, but after a secret investigation, he found the culprit, that is, his niece.
尤妮斯就跟园长哭，她不说自己是被冤枉的，只说自己看到别的情侣在一起是怎么痛苦，说她并不想害人，她其实就是开个玩笑，顺便帮那些情侣验证他们的感情。
Eunice cried to the principal, she didn't say that she was wronged, she only said how painful she was when she saw other couples together, that she didn't want to hurt anyone, she was actually just joking, and by the way, she helped those couples verify their feelings.
谁能想到那些情侣的感情那么经不起考验，还有人的心态会那么脆弱，以至于闹出有人自杀的事。
Who would have thought that the relationship of those couples would not stand the test, and the mentality of some people would be so fragile that someone committed suicide.
尤妮斯又辩解说自己没有害人，那些人会死都是自己害死自己。
Eunice also defended that he did not harm others, and that those people would die because they killed themselves.
园长最后也不知是怎么想的，可能到底是自己侄女，下不了狠手，只警告她，让她不准再做这样的事情，就帮她扫清了所有尾巴，对学校说怀疑是魔族寄体入侵，但现在那魔族已经离开。
The director didn't know what to think in the end, maybe it was his niece in the end, and he couldn't be ruthless, so he only warned her and let her not do such a thing again, so he helped her sweep away all the tails, and said to the school that he suspected that it was a demon parasitic invasion, but now the demon has left.
之后尤妮斯就不敢再明着害人，她开始暗中想法提高自己的精神力，到处偷窃别人的精神力，可如果她动手次数太多，势必会惊动药园的人。尤妮斯就又想出了一个办法。
After that, Eunice didn't dare to hurt people openly, she began to secretly think about improving her mental power, stealing other people's mental power everywhere, but if she did it too many times, it would inevitably alarm the people in the medicine garden. Eunice came up with another solution.
尤妮斯在学校内部放出风声，编出了“失落的药锄”这个传说，暗指只要找到这个药锄，就能获得这个魔器，如果完成药锄的愿望，就能得到更多好处。
Eunice unleashed a rumor within the school and made up the legend of the "Lost Medicine Hoe", implying that as long as you find this medicine hoe, you can get this magic weapon, and if you complete the medicine hoe's wish, you can get more benefits.
于是，很多学生借口来药园实习，实际则是进入药园寻找药锄。
As a result, many students come to the medicine garden for internships under the pretext that they actually enter the medicine garden to find medicine hoes.
尤妮斯就对这些学生暗中下手，一开始她还不敢做得太放肆，顶多就是偷窃别人的精神力和她看中的东西。
Eunice secretly attacked these students, and at first she didn't dare to be too presumptuous, at most she stole other people's mental power and what she fancied.
等到后来，她发现药园一直没有察觉，就故态复萌，利用精神操控术故意让好友和队友分裂，看他们互相捅刀。
Later, she found out that Yao Yuan had not noticed it, so she reverted to her old ways, using mental manipulation techniques to deliberately split her friends and teammates, watching them stab each other.
“事情发生多了，自然会引起学生们怀疑，当事情上报，学校再派人来调查，派来的就是我。当然，药园方谁都不知道这点。”虫老喝了口浓茶，满意地眯起眼睛。
"When things happen too much, it will naturally arouse the suspicion of the students, and when the matter is reported, the school will send someone to investigate, and I am the one who sent it. Of course, no one in the medicine garden knows this. The worm elder took a sip of strong tea and narrowed his eyes in satisfaction.
第152章 即将到来的约战 Chapter 152: The Coming Covenant War
“我能操纵虫子，药园中发生的一切都很难瞒过我的眼睛。很快，我就锁定尤妮斯，并发现她在利用生灵、药植和一些古怪的黑魔法在培养一种泥浆怪兽。她还利用自己的精神操控术收服了一片沼泽地里的特有生物黑环，黑环原本没有那么多触手，都是给尤妮斯培养出来。”
"I can manipulate bugs, and it's hard to hide everything that happens in the medicine garden from my eyes. Soon, I zeroed in on Eunice and discovered that she was cultivating a mud monster using creatures, herbs, and some wacky dark magic. She also used her mental manipulation to subdue the endemic creature Black Ring in a swamp, which originally didn't have so many tentacles, all of which were cultivated for Younice. ”
虫老微微一叹：“其实尤妮斯是个很有才能的女孩，她如果能把心思用在正路上，今后发展绝不会小。可惜她心心念念都是情情爱爱，而且自私卑劣脑子有问题，除了她自己，她不在乎任何人。而且这女孩还有一种很古怪的毛病，谁要是多看她一眼，她就以为对方喜欢她，并会为她做任何事情。如果对方再也不理睬她，或者不愿为她做事，她就认定对方背叛了她，从而杀掉对方，囚禁对方的灵魂慢慢折磨。”
The insect elder sighed slightly: "Actually, Eunice is a very talented girl, if she can put her mind on the right path, her future development will never be small." It's a pity that her heart and mind are all about love, love, and selfishness, meanness, and brain problems, she doesn't care about anyone except herself. And this girl also has a very strange problem, if anyone looks at her more, she thinks that the other party likes her and will do anything for her. If the other party no longer ignores her, or is unwilling to do things for her, she will decide that the other party has betrayed her, so she kills the other party, imprisons the other party's soul and slowly tortures her. ”
王叶：“……这女人死透了吧？” Wang Ye: "...... This woman is dead, right? ”
“当然，我出手，她怎么可能还活得下来？你想知道她是怎么死的吗？”虫老忽然带着某种警告意义地看向王叶。
"Of course, if I make a move, how can she still survive? Do you want to know how she died? The insect elder suddenly looked at Wang Ye with some kind of warning.
王叶：“万虫噬心？” Wang Ye: "Ten thousand insects devour hearts? ”
虫老眼神变得意味深长：“看来你很了解我的手段，不过不止是万虫噬心，那些虫子把尤妮斯一点点吃掉了。你尝试过被虫子啃破皮肤，从眼睛、耳朵、鼻孔、嘴巴里钻进身体，再一点点从里面啃食你的血肉，只剩下白骨和内脏，到最后连骨头都被啃碎的滋味吗？”
The old worm's eyes became meaningful: "It seems that you know my methods very well, but it's not just ten thousand insects that eat hearts, those insects eat Eunice little by little." Have you ever tried to be gnawed through your skin by insects, burrowing into your body from your eyes, ears, nostrils, mouth, and then eating your flesh and blood from the inside, leaving only white bones and internal organs, and finally even the bones are gnawed? ”
王叶鼓掌：“以牙还牙，以眼还眼，什么样的罪人就该受到什么样的下场。”
Wang Ye applauded: "A tooth for a tooth, an eye for an eye, what kind of sinner should suffer." ”
虫老见没有吓到小孩，有点不爽。这小混蛋的胆子太大了，偏偏他本事还不小，如果将来行得正也就算了，如果走上歪路……
Seeing that the worm didn't scare the child, he was a little upset. This little bastard's courage is too great, but his ability is not small, if he does the right thing in the future, it will be counted, if he goes down the wrong path......
“尤妮斯的下场确实不值得同情，我的虫子可不咬无罪之人。可惜的是当时的园长。”虫老表情像是有点怒其不争，又像是某种失望。
"Eunice's fate is truly not worthy of sympathy, my worm does not bite the innocent. It's a pity that it was the director at the time. The old worm's expression seemed to be a little angry, and it seemed like some kind of disappointment.
“尤萨尔还想保护他那个侄女，听说学校查出尤妮斯有问题，还杀了她之后，就放话说学校一点都不尊重他，还说他侄女没有坏心，只是爱玩和缺爱了一点。我们都对他很无语，学校认为他不适合再担任药园园长，就免了他的职位，还因为他的不作为和帮助亲人消灭罪证等罪行，打算关押他五年时间。但尤萨尔逃了出去。”
Yusar also wanted to protect his niece, and after hearing that the school had found out that Eunice had a problem and killed her, he let it out that the school did not respect him at all, and that his niece had no bad intentions, but was just a little fun-loving and lacking love. We were all speechless about him, and the school dismissed him from his position because he was no longer fit to be the director of the medicine garden, and planned to imprison him for five years because of his inaction and helping his relatives destroy the evidence of the crime. But Yusar escaped. ”
“这个尤萨尔会成为麻烦吗？”王叶问。 "Is this Yusar going to be a problem?" Wang Ye asked.
虫老冷笑：“就他？你是太过高看他，还是太过小看学校的实力？”
The insect elder sneered: "Just him? Do you think too highly of him, or do you underestimate the strength of the school? ”
“他也有可能躲起来报复学生，或者做一些对学校不利的事情。学校又不能成天盯着他。”
"It is also possible that he will hide to take revenge on the students, or do something bad for the school. The school can't keep an eye on him all day long. ”
“你说得没错，但尤萨尔逃离时受了重伤，就算他能恢复，精神力也会下跌很多。”
"You're right, but Yusar was seriously injured when he fled, and even if he can recover, his mental strength will drop a lot."
“那尤妮斯的精神体有在药园进行复制吗？”王叶又提出一个关键问题。
"Did Eunice's spirit body be replicated in the Medicine Garden?" Wang Ye raised another key question.
“当然不会。”虫老给王叶吃了一颗定心丸：“幻境中的尤妮斯和其他大多数傀儡一样，都只是赋予了扮演命令的傀儡。”
"Of course not." The worm elder gave Wang Ye a reassurance: "Eunice in the illusion, like most other puppets, is just a puppet given to play commands. ”
“那幻境尤妮斯为什么能拥有魂种？” "Then why does Illusion Eunice have soul seeds?"
“我不知道。但我们曾做过一些推测，魂种就和没有转化前的小云一样，对于炼制幻境的人来说，也许都属于不一定能成长起来的未成品。幻境炼制者可能是出于培养或试验的目的，在各个历练幻境中随机投放了一些东西。但到底这些东西能不能成长起来，炼制幻境的人也不知道。就跟我从虫卵培育虫子一样，在虫卵孵化之前，我也无法确定虫子是否能真正孵化出来。”
"I don't know. But we have made some speculations that the soul seed is just like Xiaoyun before the transformation, and for those who refine the illusion, they may all belong to the unfinished product that may not be able to grow. The Illusion Refiner may have randomly dropped some things in each Experienced Illusion for the purpose of cultivation or experimentation. But whether these things can grow up or not, the people who refine the illusion don't know. Just like I raise bugs from eggs, I can't be sure if the bugs will actually hatch until the eggs hatch. ”
虫老说到这里，又瞪王叶：“所以就算我们找到或感知到某些东西的存在，比如魂种，我们也不会去动它们。”
When the insect elder said this, he glared at Wang Ye again: "So even if we find or sense the existence of something, such as soul seeds, we won't touch them." ”
王叶满不在乎地道：“那里是历练幻境啊，炼制幻境者既然敢把那些东西放到幻境里面，那肯定也做好了这些东西会被带出幻境的准备，否则炼制者完全可以建立一个不让历练者进入的幻境，把类如魂种和树人的宝贵存在全都放进去。”
Wang Ye said nonchalantly: "There is an experience illusion realm, since the refining illusion realm dares to put those things into the illusion realm, then they must also be prepared for these things to be taken out of the illusion realm, otherwise the refiner can completely establish an illusion realm that does not allow the practitioner to enter, and put all the precious existences such as soul seeds and tree people into it." ”
虫老“……歪理。”实际上虫老觉得王小叶说得还挺有理。
"Worm Old" ...... Fallacious. "Actually, Worm Lao thinks that what Wang Xiaoye said is quite reasonable.
“好了，闲聊时间到此结束。我看你已经把这些虫子记熟，那就换一批吧。”
"Alright, that's the end of the chat. I see you've memorized these bugs, so let's get another batch. ”
“哎？还有？”王叶跳了起来。 "Huh? And also? Wang Ye jumped up.
“那是当然。你知道全天下虫子有多少种吗？” "Of course. Do you know how many species of bugs there are in the world? ”
“不知道，没数过。” "I don't know, I haven't counted."
虫老：“不是你没数过的问题，是你根本数不清的问题。这天下虫子，仅我们知道的就至少有上百万种，这个数字还不包括各大种族生存秘境中的虫子。更不要提还有很多虫子我们从没有发现过。”
Worm Lao: "It's not a problem you haven't counted, it's a problem you can't count." There are at least a million species of insects in the world that we know alone, and this number does not include the insects in the secret realm of the survival of the major races. Not to mention that there are many bugs that we have never found. ”
虫老指了指架子：“这里只有四百二十种虫子，你想出师，需要认识的虫子至少不能低于一万种。那么，你现在是想让我换一批虫子让你学习，还是希望我把你撵到沼泽森林，让你自己去找虫子？”
The insect elder pointed to the shelf: "There are only four hundred and twenty kinds of insects here, and if you want to become a teacher, you need to know at least ten thousand kinds of insects." So, do you want me to change a batch of bugs for you to learn now, or do you want me to drive you to the swampy forest and let you find the bugs yourself? ”
王叶一点都不想现在就进入沼泽森林，留在学校薅学校和各位教授的羊毛不美吗？而且虫老还自愿为他提供学习资源，他傻了才会放弃这么好的学习机会。
Wang Ye didn't want to enter the swampy forest right now, wouldn't it be beautiful to stay in the school and the professors? Moreover, the worm elder also volunteered to provide him with learning resources, and he would be stupid to give up such a good learning opportunity.
一万种虫子，那是好收集的吗？ 10,000 kinds of bugs, is that easy to collect?
“最后一个问题！” "One last question!"
“说。” "Say."
“幻境中的傀儡能被带出来吗？” "Can the puppets in the illusion be brought out?"
“当然不能。幻境中那些生灵的身体都是能量具现物，它们与幻境结合在一起，你哪怕把人放到空间储物工具里，也无法把它们从幻境带走。”
"Of course not. The bodies of those creatures in the illusion are all energy manifests, and they are combined with the illusion, even if you put people in the space storage tool, you can't take them away from the illusion. ”
“如果有人强行带走呢？” "What if someone forcibly takes it away?"
“没有用，被强行带出幻境的生灵会在你即将离开幻境的一刹那，重新化为能量体。”
"It's useless, the creatures that were forcibly taken out of the illusion will re-transform into energy bodies at the moment you are about to leave the illusion."
王叶放心了。他把副本中的库尔特给装到虫巢里后，就把这人给彻底忘记了，前两天突然想起来，但他扫过隔离室却没有发现库尔特的踪迹。
Wang Ye was relieved. After he put the Coulter in the copy into the hive, he completely forgot about this person, and suddenly remembered it two days ago, but he scanned the isolation room and found no trace of Kurt.
他当时就猜测库尔特很可能在离开副本的一刹那，就被副本收了回去。
He guessed at the time that Kurt was probably taken back by the copy the moment he left it.
这也让他对副本更加警惕，连他放到虫巢空间里的东西，副本想要拿回就拿回，那么是不是说他的虫巢空间对于副本来说就是一个半敞开式的空间？
This also made him more vigilant about the dungeon, even the things he put in the hive space, the copy can get it back if he wants to, so does it mean that his hive space is a semi-open space for the dungeon?
当然也有可能是等级压制的缘故，还有虫老说的傀儡都和副本有一定联系的原因。
Of course, it may also be due to the level suppression, and there is also the reason why the puppets mentioned by the worm elder are all related to the dungeon.
王叶沉吟，看来还是要尽快把玩家等级给提升起来，否则他就无法炼制三级以上的药剂，这对他制约太大，也太不方便。
Wang Ye groaned, it seems that he still has to raise the player's level as soon as possible, otherwise he will not be able to refine the elixir above the third level, which is too restrictive and inconvenient for him.
而想要等级快速提升，最便捷的一条路就是刷副本，收获最大的就是开荒本。
And if you want to quickly improve your level, the most convenient way is to brush up on dungeons, and the biggest harvest is to open up wasteland.
就比如他这次进入的药园副本，就是一个崭新的开荒本，里面不但有小树人这样的特殊存在，还有极为难得也极为宝贵的魂种。除此之外，主线任务加支线任务，一套任务做下来，得到的经验值奖励也让他连升三级。
For example, the copy of the Medicine Garden he entered this time was a brand-new wasteland book, which not only contained a special existence like a little tree man, but also an extremely rare and extremely valuable soul seed. In addition, the main quest plus the side quest, a set of tasks is completed, and the experience points he gets are rewarded with experience points that also make him upgrade three levels in a row.
但接下来要开哪个副本呢？ But which copy to open next?
太远的不划算，最好还是能在学校范围内。 It's not cost-effective to be too far away, and it's better to be within the school limits.
幸好陨星魔法学校毁灭前的副本不止药园这一个，还有个他比较熟悉的副本在图书馆。
Fortunately, the copy before the destruction of the Falling Star School of Magic was not only the Medicine Garden, but also a copy he was more familiar with in the library.
王叶一想到学校图书馆，就心头火热。 As soon as Wang Ye thought of the school library, his heart was hot.
他多想把那里的书籍全都扫描到百科全书中，那样他的鉴定术妥妥地能升到中级。
He wished he could scan all the books there into an encyclopedia, so that his forensics would be properly upgraded to the intermediate level.
也许进入那个图书馆副本会有这个机会。 Maybe going into that library copy will give you that opportunity.
不过在进入图书馆副本前，他得先把虫老这边的考核过了再说。
However, before entering the library copy, he had to pass the assessment of the worm elder first.
虫老忽然道：“药园和材料仓库那边，你暂时不要去了，平时课程一结束，你就到我这儿来。如果有教授好奇你身上的千木之毒是怎么压下去的，你就亮我的名字。”
The insect elder suddenly said: "Over there in the medicine garden and material warehouse, don't go for the time being, as soon as the usual course is over, you will come to me." If any professor wonders how the poison of a thousand trees in your body is suppressed, you can show my name. ”
“谢谢教授！” "Thank you, Professor!"
“不准再卖血。” "No more blood sales."
“哦。可是……” "Oh. But ......"
“没有可是！”虫老生气：“你这个蠢货，你自己上了那么多魔法课程，难道不知道血液是最不能落到别人手上的吗？哪怕那是带着毒的血也一样。高明的魔法师，可以凭借你的血对你做出一堆事情。”
"No, but!" The worm was angry: "You idiot, you have taken so many magic courses yourself, don't you know that blood is the most unacceptable to others?" Even if it's poisonous blood. A clever magician who can do a lot of things to you with your blood. ”
王叶嘿嘿笑道：“教授，您放心，我知道这点，我既然敢卖血，自然是不怕别人用我的血对我做什么。”
Wang Ye said with a smile: "Professor, don't worry, I know this, since I dare to sell blood, I am naturally not afraid of what others will do to me with my blood." ”
虫老的怒气少了一点：“但以后还是不要卖了，送也不行！”
The old worm's anger was a little less: "But don't sell it in the future, and you can't send it!" ”
“知道了。我也不打算再卖血。”正好憋死那些教授。他们肯定非常好奇他是怎么把毒性压制了下去，哈哈哈~
"Got it. I'm not going to sell blood anymore either. "Just suffocate the professors. They must be very curious about how he suppressed the poison, hahaha~
“老昆啊，你这些虫尸还要吗？如果不要能不能给我啊。”王叶厚着脸皮抓住了虫老的手臂。小光它们似乎对这些虫子很感兴趣，他也想试着用这些虫尸来喂浮游光虫看看。
"Old Kun, do you still want these insect corpses? If you don't want to, can you give it to me? Wang Ye cheekily grabbed the old worm's arm. Xiaoguang seems to be very interested in these bugs, and he also wants to try to feed the planktonic light worms with these insect corpses.
虫老再次忍耐揍这小孩一顿的冲动：“交换。” The worm elder resisted the urge to beat the kid again: "Exchange." ”
王叶立马明白虫老要交换什么，一口答应。 Wang Ye immediately understood what the worm elder wanted to exchange, and agreed.
之后，在学校和虫老这边两边奔跑的王叶几乎忘记了时间流转，他每天都在学校匆匆来去，不交朋友，不参加任何非必要的课外活动，在学校几乎变成了一个隐形人。
After that, Wang Ye, who was running on both sides of the school and the insect elder, almost forgot the passage of time, he hurried back and forth at school every day, did not make friends, did not participate in any non-essential extracurricular activities, and almost became an invisible person at school.
而随着时间过去，新生第三的热度也早已消退，如果不是王叶有段时间突然全身变得全黑，之后又恢复过来，引起不小注意，可能杂学院的学生早就把这个新生第三丢到了脑后。
And as time passed, the heat of the freshman third had already subsided, if it weren't for Wang Ye's sudden whole body becoming completely black for a while, and then recovering, which attracted a lot of attention, maybe the students of the miscellaneous academy would have left this freshman third behind.
在王叶肤色恢复正常后，他看起来和其他学生没有什么两样，加上他又不合群，哪怕是同班同学都只知道有这么一个人和他们一起上课，其他的就不再多关心。
After Wang Ye's complexion returned to normal, he looked no different from other students, and he was not social, even his classmates only knew that there was such a person in class with them, and the others didn't care much anymore.
在王叶忙着疯狂吸收知识的这段时间，他也没有完全摒弃外界，雷木和小光时常会给他带来一些最新消息。
During this time when Wang Ye was busy absorbing knowledge frantically, he did not completely abandon the outside world, and Lei Mu and Xiaoguang would often bring him some latest news.
比如学校又捣毁数个贩卖人口和违禁品的贼窝，并救出了一些学生。其中就有俞心愿和俞希望姐妹俩。
For example, the school destroyed several dens of human trafficking and contraband, and rescued some students. Among them are the sisters Yu Xinyuan and Yu Hope.
除此之外，陨星魔法学校还正式向魔法师公会提交了俞氏家族犯罪的大量罪证，认为俞氏家族不但在贩卖人口和违禁品，他们还暗中和一些想要延命的贵族有来往，为他们布置转魂阵，帮他们夺取更年轻、更健康、资质也更好的年轻人，其中尤以十岁到十八岁之间的少年最好。
In addition, the Meteor School of Magic also officially submitted a large amount of incriminating evidence of the Yu family's crimes to the Wizards Guild, believing that the Yu family was not only trafficking in human beings and contraband, but also secretly had dealings with some nobles who wanted to prolong their lives, and arranged soul turning arrays for them to help them capture younger, healthier, and better qualified young people, especially those between the ages of ten and eighteen.
因为罪证确凿，又是陨星魔法学校报上来的案件，魔法师公会不敢轻忽，立刻把此事传到总部，并由总部那边派人配合陨星魔法学校一起去俞家老家抓人。
Because the evidence of the crime was conclusive, and it was a case reported by the Meteorite Magic School, the Magicians Guild did not dare to ignore it, and immediately reported the matter to the headquarters, and the headquarters sent people to cooperate with the Meteorite Magic School to go to the Yu family's hometown to arrest people.
还有，学校向学生公开了有人利用转魂阵，帮助将死者夺舍年轻人一事。
In addition, the school disclosed to the students that someone had used the Soul Turning Array to help take away the dead and the young people.
而学校这么坦荡地说明此事，是因为学校就以此为借口对全校学生展开了身体包括精神海的详细检查。
And the reason why the school explained this matter so frankly was because the school used this as an excuse to carry out a detailed examination of the body and mind of all the students in the school.
这次检查规模极大，不但在校生都要检查，工作人员连同教授都包含在内。
The scale of the inspection was huge, and it was not only for the students, but also for the staff and the professors.
而出门在外的学生和教职人员，以后回来经过二十四根柱子的任一根时，也都会被检查，确认身体和精神海都没问题，才会真正放你进入学校。
And the students and faculty members who are away from home, when they come back and pass through any of the twenty-four pillars in the future, will also be checked to confirm that the physical and mental sea is fine, and then you will really be allowed to enter the school.
而最让雷木和王叶关心的精灵族，以树雨为代表，来找过他们十几次，每次都是来拿培元药剂。
And the elven clan that Lei Mu and Wang Ye cared about the most, represented by Shu Yu, had come to them more than a dozen times, and each time they came to get Peiyuan Elixir.
树雨除了买药剂，现在每次来还非要从王叶雷木这里买一些蔬菜带回去，并称赞这些蔬菜口感越来越好，所蕴含的能量虽然不多，吃了却让他和他弟弟都浑身舒服。
In addition to buying medicines, Shu Yu now has to buy some vegetables from Wang Ye Lei Mu every time he comes and bring them back, and praises these vegetables for getting better and better, although the energy contained in them is not much, but eating them makes him and his brother feel comfortable.
王叶心想，有树人亲自照顾的蔬菜，能不越来越好吃吗？
Wang Ye thought to himself, with the vegetables that the tree man personally took care of, could it not be more and more delicious?
虽然以前雷木和他都会在种植园做一些种植和培育的活计，但他们两人对这个真没什么兴趣，蔬菜地就是随便种种，一点都没有种药植那么尽心。
Although Lei Mu and he used to do some planting and cultivation work in the plantation, the two of them really had no interest in this, and the vegetable fields were just planted casually, not as dedicated to growing medicinal plants at all.
直到小云来到他们身边。 Until Xiaoyun came to them.
小云是真的很喜欢照顾那些药植和蔬菜，反正只要是植物，小云就没有几个讨厌的，看到好吃的植物还会往自己嘴里填……小云进化出嘴巴了，他现在可喜欢把各种食物往嘴巴里塞，而不是放到根部吸收。
Xiaoyun really likes to take care of those medicinal plants and vegetables, anyway, as long as it is a plant, Xiaoyun doesn't have a few annoying things, and he will fill his mouth when he sees delicious plants...... Xiaoyun has evolved a mouth, and he now likes to stuff all kinds of food into his mouth instead of putting it at the root to absorb it.
可惜的是，帮助精灵族幼崽清除寄生虫这个任务，至今都没能完成。
It's a pity that the task of helping the elven cubs get rid of the parasites has not been completed so far.
倒是有个快被王叶遗忘的任务突然被系统提起。 However, there was a task that was about to be forgotten by Wang Ye and suddenly mentioned by the system.
就是教海蛋他们识字的那个任务，竟然被完成了，他因此得到了六百点经验值。
It was the task of teaching Hai Dan their literacy that was completed, and he got 600 experience points for it.
很快，他和雷木来到陨星就已经有半年。 Soon, it had been half a year since he and Raimu came to the meteorite.
“小叶子，你还记得那个和你相约上擂台的高年级生吗？”这天晚上吃晚饭，雷木把一封正式的约战函放到了王叶面前。
"Xiao Yezi, do you remember the senior student who met you in the ring?" At dinner that night, Lei Mu put a formal letter of appointment in front of Wang Ye.
“有这么个人吗？”忙得恨不得去学习分身术的王叶已经彻底把这件事和提出的人给忘掉。
"Is there such a person?" Wang Ye, who was so busy that he couldn't wait to learn the doppelganger technique, had completely forgotten about this matter and the person who proposed it.
他打开约战函看了看内容和落款，终于想起来那个在开学典礼就挑衅他的家伙。
He opened the letter and looked at the contents and payment, and finally remembered the guy who provoked him at the opening ceremony.
“门德松真想让他弟弟和我公开比试炼制魔法药剂？他自己不上？”王叶把约战函放到一边。
"Mendesson really wants his brother and me to openly try out magic potions? He doesn't go on his own? Wang Ye put the letter aside.
雷木：“门德松的弟弟叫门德森，今年魔药学院一年级一班的学生，据说资质达到九等。他也是唯一一个能在新生一年级时就炼制出三级药剂的天才。”
Raimu: "Mendesson's younger brother is called Mendelson, a student in the first year of the Potions Academy this year, and it is said that his qualifications have reached the ninth rank. He was also the only genius who could refine a third-level potion in his freshman year. ”
王叶：“……我听过对方的名字，据说是个名人。他哥让他和我上擂台，他也同意？”
Wang Ye: "...... I've heard the other person's name, and it's said to be a celebrity. His brother asked him to go into the ring with me, and he agreed? ”
雷木：“据我打听到的消息，好像就是这位弟弟主动跟他兄长说要和你约战，并认为你还不配和门德松上同一个擂台。”
Remu: "According to what I've heard, it seems that this brother took the initiative to tell his brother that he wanted to fight you, and thought that you were not worthy of being in the same ring as Mendesson. ”
王叶勾起唇角：“这小子比他哥聪明。” Wang Ye hooked the corners of his lips: "This kid is smarter than his brother." ”
雷木也跟着笑道：“是啊，如果他哥和你比试，不管输还是赢，他哥都不会有任何面子，别人还会嘲笑他以大欺小。可如果是门德森出面，那就完全不一样了。虽然门德森今年已经十四岁，但他和你一样都是一年级新生，而且他还是新生入学考试第一名，他约战你，别人不会说他欺负人，只会夸奖他为兄着想，更为你争取到一个更公平的比试对手。”
Lei Mu also laughed and said: "Yes, if his brother competes with you, no matter whether he wins or loses, his brother will not have any face, and others will laugh at him for bullying the small." But if Menderson had stepped in, it would have been a different story. Although Mendelson is 14 years old this year, he is a first-year freshman like you, and he is also the first place in the freshman entrance exam. ”
“实际上门德松炼制药剂的本领不如他这个弟弟对吗？”王叶笑。
"Actually, Mendesund's ability to refine potions is not as good as his younger brother, right?" Wang Ye smiled.
雷木：“这点可以问问小光。” Reimu: "You can ask Xiaoguang about this. ”
小光听到自己的名字，飞过来很骄傲地咿咿呀呀询问有什么事。
When Hikari heard his name, he flew over and babbled proudly to ask what was wrong.
吃得多，它的族群又扩大了，小光受王叶启发，开发出了族群的新用途，就是到处打听八卦，然后告诉它。
Eating more, its population expanded again, and Xiaoguang was inspired by Wang Ye to develop a new use for the race, which was to ask around for gossip and then tell it.
小光觉得有些八卦比电视剧还好看。 Xiaoguang thinks that some gossip is better than the TV series.
“门德森啊，我明天让小的们去打听。”小光一口答应。
"Mendelson, I'll let the little ones inquire tomorrow." Xiaoguang agreed.
雷木却担心地看向王叶：“你要参加约战吗？你现在能炼制三级药剂了吗？”
Lei Mu looked at Wang Ye worriedly: "Do you want to participate in the covenant battle?" Can you refine a third-level potion now? ”
王叶被戳到痛处，手指弹了弹那封约战函，说道：“他们想约战我可以，但时间得由我来定，就定在十五天后吧。”
Wang Ye was poked in the sore spot, flicked the letter of appointment with his finger, and said: "They want to make an appointment with me, but the time has to be set by me, just fifteen days later." ”
王叶决定在这半个月内无论如何都要把他的玩家等级升到三十级。
Wang Ye decided to raise his player level to level thirty no matter what in this half month.
第153章 比试 Chapter 153: Competition
半个月后，陨星魔法学校，杂学院，一年级。 Half a month later, Meteorite School of Magic, Miscellaneous Academy, first grade.
“你们还在这儿干什么呢？不去看擂台吗？今天可是新生第三在擂台挑战新生第一！”
"What are you doing here? Don't go to the ring? Today is the third freshman to challenge the first freshman in the ring! ”
“不是说新生第一约战新生第三吗？” "Didn't you say that the freshmen were the first to fight the freshmen third?"
“对啊，听说是替他高年级的兄长代战。” "That's right, I heard that he was fighting for his senior brother."
“哎？我怎么没听说过这事？快说说。” "Huh? Why haven't I heard of this? Tell me about it. ”
“来不及啦，我们先赶去擂台区，路上我慢慢跟你们说。”
"It's too late, let's rush to the ring area first, and I'll tell you slowly on the way."
“大家一起去吧，我们杂学院的学生和魔药学院的学生上擂台，如果去少了，那些魔药学院的还以为我们杂学院没人呢。”
"Let's go together, the students of our Miscellaneous Academy and the students of the Potions Academy will go to the ring, if we go less, those from the Potions Academy will still think that there is no one in our Miscellaneous Academy."
“不去。我打听过了，那个门德森很厉害的，他虽然只是一年级生，但听说他已经能炼制三级药剂了。”
"Don't go. I've inquired, that Menderson is very powerful, although he is only a first-year student, I heard that he can already refine third-level potions. ”
“哇，好厉害！三级？我连一级都还炼制得坑坑跌跌。”
"Wow, that's amazing! Level 3? I'm still refining even the first level. ”
“喂，那个新生第三是你们九班的吧？他在课堂上表现如何？能炼制一级药剂了吗？”
"Hey, that freshman third is from your ninth class, right? How does he perform in class? Is it possible to refine a first-class potion? ”
杂学院一年级生议论纷纷，很多人都觉得王叶输定了，不肯去擂台区丢这个脸，但也有很多一年生觉得输人不能输阵，就算明知要败，也要把杂学院的气势摆出来。
The first-year students of the Miscellaneous Academy talked a lot, and many people felt that Wang Ye had lost and refused to go to the ring area to lose this face, but there were also many first-year students who felt that the loser could not lose the battle, even if he knew that he was going to lose, he had to put the momentum of the Miscellaneous Academy out.
最后，呼啦啦地还是跑去了一堆学生。 In the end, Huladi still ran to a bunch of students.
擂台区很大，但今天最有名的比试就是新生第一代兄约战新生第三，略微打听一下就能知道他们约战的擂台在哪儿。
The ring area is very large, but the most famous competition today is that the first-generation brothers of the freshmen meet the third-generation freshmen, and you can know where the ring they are fighting is with a little inquiry.
杂学院一年级生赶到时，就见擂台周边已经围了不少魔药学院的一年级生。
When the first-year students of the Miscellaneous Academy arrived, they saw that there were already many first-year students of the Potions Academy around the ring.
这是专门用来比试药剂的擂台，上面有现成的制药台和相关工具，还有能现场检测药剂质量的魔器。
This is a ring specially used to test potions, with ready-made medicine tables and related tools, as well as magic weapons that can test the quality of potions on the spot.
两个学院一碰头，立刻泾渭分明地分成了两帮。 As soon as the two academies met, they were immediately divided into two gangs.
杂学院学生有点怂：喵的，魔药学院来了好多学生，数量至少是他们的两倍。
The Miscellaneous Academy students were a little intimidated: Meow, there were a lot of students in the Potions Academy, at least twice as many as they were.
门德森操纵魔板落到了擂台上，姿势说不出的潇洒，表情是说不出的自信和从容。
Mendelson manipulated the magic board to fall into the ring, his posture was indescribably chic, and his expression was indescribably confident and calm.
门德森的兄长门德松也和几名好友共同前来，为弟弟掠阵。
Menderson's brother, Mendsson, also came with a few friends to fight for his brother.
“新生第三怎么还没来？他不会怕了吧？” "Why hasn't the third freshman come yet? He wouldn't be afraid, would he? ”
“就算怕了也应该来，直接弃战，还不如一开始就不要答应约战。”
"Even if you are afraid, you should come, and give up the war directly, it is better not to agree to the war in the first place."
“就是啊。这个新生第三怎么回事？” "That's right. What's going on with this freshman third? ”
“听说对方还没满十岁，也许我们不应该太苛求对方，就是一个小孩子呢。”
"I heard that the other party is not yet ten years old, maybe we shouldn't be too each other, just a child."
“是啊是啊，再等等，如果他不来，就算了吧。”魔药学院的学生故意很大声地说：“我们学院还是很好说话的，绝不会逼迫没那个本事的人上擂台。”
"yes, yes, wait, if he doesn't come, forget it." The Potions Academy student deliberately said loudly, "Our academy is still very talkative, and we will never force someone who doesn't have that ability to go into the ring." ”
“要我说，这两人的差距早就拉开了，原本新生第三考进来的排名就比我们门德森低，经过半年学习，这个差距只会拉得更大。当初那个新生第三也就是什么都不懂，才敢那么狂妄。现在嘛，我想现实已经教会他做人，他自然不敢再猖狂。”
"If you want me to say, the gap between these two people has long been widened, and the ranking of the third freshman admitted to the new school is lower than our Mendelsen, and after half a year of study, this gap will only widen. At the beginning, the freshman third didn't understand anything, so he dared to be so arrogant. Now, I think reality has taught him to be a man, and he naturally doesn't dare to be rampant anymore. ”
“时间还没到呢，门德森都没说什么，你们急什么？”杂学院的学生气得要死，可看王叶到现在还没来，也觉得十分丢脸。
"The time hasn't come yet, Mendelsen hasn't said anything, what are you anxious about?" The students of the Miscellaneous Academy were so angry that they felt very embarrassed when they saw that Wang Ye had not come yet.
有些杂学院的学生还对王叶生出了怨气：输人不输阵，打不过也要来啊！
Some students of miscellaneous colleges also have resentment towards Wang Ye: If you lose, you won't lose, and you have to come if you can't fight!
门德森看向擂台区最显眼的巨大钟柱。 Menderson looked at the most conspicuous giant bell pillar in the ring area.
眼看还有一分钟就要到达约定时间，如果王叶在约定时间不能赶到擂台，那不管他有什么理由，这场约战，王叶都输了。
Seeing that there is still one minute to reach the appointed time, if Wang Ye can't get to the ring at the appointed time, then no matter what reason he has, Wang Ye will lose this appointment battle.
门德森冲他哥哥微微一笑。 Menderson smiled at his brother.
“来了来了！王叶来了！”杂学院的学生突然哄叫起来。
"It's coming, it's coming! Wang Ye is here! The students of the Miscellaneous Academy suddenly burst into a chorr.
一大一小两个人影驾驶魔板从远处疾驰而来，小的那个收起魔板落到了擂台上。
Two figures, one large and one small, galloped from a distance in a magic board, and the smaller one put away the magic board and fell into the ring.
大的那个就站在魔板上，浮在半空，面对擂台。 The big one stood on the magic board, floating in mid-air, facing the ring.
王叶落到擂台上，见擂台上站着一名同样穿着一年级校服的学生，就问了声：“你是约战我的门德森吗？”
Wang Ye fell into the ring, and when he saw a student standing in the ring who was also wearing a first-grade school uniform, he asked, "Are you going to fight my Mendelson?" ”
他可不希望搞错人。 He didn't want to get people wrong.
门德森矜持地点点头：“是我。” Menderson nodded reservedly: "It's me." ”
王叶上下打量门德森：“你确定你要代替你哥哥和我比试？”
Wang Ye looked Menderson up and down: "Are you sure you want to compete with me instead of your brother?" ”
“不是替代，当初我哥说要和你比试，指的就是我。他作为三年级生，怎么会和我们一年级的比试。”门德森一副你想太多的表情。
"It's not a replacement, when my brother said that he wanted to compete with you, he was referring to me. As a third-grader, how could he compete with our first-graders. Mendelson had a look on his face that he was thinking too much.
“你们怎么说就怎么说吧。我时间很紧，既然要比，那就赶紧比，说吧，你要怎么比？”王叶一副急匆匆就是来赶个场子随时都要走的模样。
"Say whatever you want. I'm very short on time, since I want to compare, let's hurry up and compare, say, how do you compare? Wang Ye looked like he was in a hurry, he was coming to catch up with the field, and he was going to leave at any time.
门德森：“正好，我时间也很紧。三次炼制定输赢，分别炼制一支一级、一支二级、一支三级的药剂，根据炼制出来的成功率和质量来判，你觉得如何？”
Mendelsen: "Well, I'm also short on time. What do you think of the three refining of winning or losing, refining a first-class, a second-grade, and a third-level elixir respectively, and judging according to the success rate and quality of the refining? ”
“好啊。”王叶打了个呵欠。 "Okay." Wang Ye yawned.
时间真的太赶了，他在图书馆副本里待的差点忘了这场比试。
Time was so tight that he almost forgot about the contest while he was in the library copy.
不过他忘了，小光和雷木可没忘。 But he forgot, Xiaoguang and Lei Mu didn't forget.
“我也不占你便宜，三支药剂就炼制最常见的，分别是一级的疗伤药剂、二级的魔力恢复药剂，三级的精神力补充药剂。如果你有其他擅长的药剂，你可以提出来。”门德森道。
"I don't take advantage of you, the three potions are the most common to refine, which are the first-level healing potion, the second-level mana recovery potion, and the third-level spiritual power replenishment potion. If you have other potions that you are good at, you can bring them up. Mendson said.
王叶懒懒地道：“我都行，你说比什么就比什么。先说好，是你约战我，比试用的药材原料得你们提供。”
Wang Ye said lazily: "I can do it, you can compare it to anything." Let's talk about it first, it's you who make an appointment with me, and you have to provide the raw materials for the medicinal materials you try. ”
“那是当然。”门德森有点摸不清这个新生第三的底细了。
"Of course." Mendelson was a little confused about the details of this freshman third.
他可以很肯定地说，魔药学院的新生除了他，再没有能炼制三级药剂的人，就是能炼制二级的都没几个。
He could say with certainty that apart from him, there were no new students in the Potions Academy who could refine third-level potions, and even few could refine second-level potions.
这个杂学院的学生听说要炼制一支三级药剂，他竟然没有抗议？
When the student of this miscellaneous academy heard that he was going to refine a third-level potion, he didn't even protest?
难道他已经放弃了这场比试，还是已经打算把这场比试就当做一次练手机会？
Has he given up on this competition, or is he already planning to use it as a mobile phone training session?
门德森越想越觉得后者的可能性很大，毕竟二级和三级的药材原料可不便宜，尤其是三级。
The more Mendelsen thought about it, the more he felt that the latter was very likely, after all, second-grade and third-grade medicinal materials were not cheap, especially third-grade.
他是约战方，药材提供就得由他来。 He is the party of the covenant, and he has to provide the medicinal materials.
一想到王叶很可能之前都没碰过三级药剂，就因为这次有人免费提供药材，他才宁可丢脸也要跑来尝试，门德森就觉得心里有点不舒服，总觉得像是被这个新生第三占了大便宜。
Thinking that Wang Ye had probably never touched a third-level potion before, just because someone provided medicinal materials for free this time, he would rather lose face and come to try it, Mendelson felt a little uncomfortable in his heart, and always felt like he had been taken advantage of by this freshman third.
要炼制什么药剂定下，接下来就是跟学校购买药材。 The next step is to buy medicinal herbs from the school.
这是擂台区的规矩，比试双方一般都不会使用彼此带来的材料，以防做手脚。都是当场在擂台区的学校服务点购买相应比试材料。学校服务点还提供裁判服务，只要你肯付学分。
This is the rule in the ring area, and the two sides generally do not use the materials brought by each other to prevent tampering. All of them are on the spot at the school service point in the ring area to buy the corresponding test materials. The school service point also provides referee services, as long as you are willing to pay credits.
门德森付了学分分别购买了两份相应药剂的原材料。 Menderson paid the credits and purchased two copies of the raw materials for the corresponding potions.
学校服务点的工作人员亲自把材料送到擂台上，并分成两堆，分别交给两名比试者。
The staff of the school service point personally delivered the materials to the ring, divided them into two piles, and handed them to the two contestants.
“比试要开始了吗？幸好赶上了。”几名杂学院的学长也操纵魔板赶到，悬停在擂台附近。
"Is the competition about to start? Luckily, it caught up. Several seniors from the miscellaneous academy also manipulated the magic board to arrive and hovered near the ring.
魔厨学科的学长对王叶挥手：“小叶子，我们来给你助威了，打败那些敢挑战你的混蛋，让他们知道你的厉害。”
The senior of the Demon Kitchen Department waved his hand to Wang Ye: "Xiao Yezi, we are here to cheer you on, defeat those bastards who dare to challenge you, and let them know how powerful you are." ”
王叶也懒懒挥手致意。 Wang Ye also waved lazily.
魔乐学科的学长音飘逸对雷木点头微笑，又朝向门德松，毫不掩饰讽刺地道：“原来你弟弟是新生第一，我还以为他是新生第四。更没想到你弟都能炼制三级药剂了，比你这个哥哥还要厉害。门德松你现在能炼制三级药剂了吗？”
The senior of the magic music discipline nodded and smiled at Lei Mu, then turned to Mendesson, and said unabashedly sarcastically: "It turns out that your younger brother is the first freshman, and I thought he was the fourth freshman." I didn't expect that your brother could refine a third-level potion, even more powerful than your brother. Mendesson: Can you refine a third-level potion now? ”
门德松冷笑：“我从来没说我弟是新生第四，是你们以为。至于我弟能炼制几级药剂，那是他的能耐，如果你们怕了，认输就是。”
Mendesson sneered: "I never said that my brother was the fourth freshman, you think." As for how many levels of potions my brother can refine, that's his ability, if you're afraid, admit defeat. ”
音飘逸立刻对王叶扬声：“小叶子，你打算认输吗？” Yin Piaoyi immediately raised his voice to Wang Ye: "Xiao Yezi, are you going to admit defeat?" ”
王叶见是认识的学长，扬扬手，奇怪道：“我为什么要认输？不就是会炼制三级药剂吗？这很了不起吗？”
Wang Ye saw that he was a senior he knew, raised his hand, and said strangely: "Why should I admit defeat?" Isn't it just a third-level elixir? Isn't that remarkable? ”
众学生：当然了不起。那可是三级药剂！ Students: Of course it's great. That's a third-level potion!
音飘逸也不知道王叶哪里来的信心，只能提醒王叶：“就是魔药学院三年级以上的学生，也没有多少个能炼制出三级药剂，有的就算能炼制出来，成功率也不高，纯净度和配比度也很低，很多都接近废药。”
Yin Piaoyi didn't know where Wang Ye's confidence came from, so he could only remind Wang Ye: "Even if it is a third-year or above student of the Potions Academy, there are not many students who can refine third-level potions, and even if some can be refined, the success rate is not high, and the purity and proportion are also very low, and many of them are close to waste medicines." ”
“放心吧，我不会炼制出废药。”王叶拍胸脯。 "Don't worry, I won't refine waste medicine." Wang Ye patted his chest.
音飘逸微微皱眉，也搞不清楚这个新生是在吹牛，还是真的有把握。
Yin Piaoyi frowned slightly, and he couldn't figure out if this freshman was bragging, or if he was really sure.
算了，是骡子是马牵出来溜溜就知道。 Forget it, it's the mule or the horse that leads it out to slip around.
不过一个小比试而已，真输了也没什么，毕竟那门德森在魔药学院可是名人，就连教授那边都挂了名号，一年级就能炼制三级药剂，绝对是天才中的天才了。
It's just a small competition, and it's nothing if you really lose, after all, that Mendelson is a celebrity in the Potions Academy, and even the professor has a name, and he can refine third-level potions in the first year, and he is definitely a genius among geniuses.
药材全都准备好，两人即将开始炼制。 The medicinal materials were all ready, and the two were about to start refining.
王叶忽然问：“炼制好的药剂都属于我们自己，对吧？”
Wang Ye suddenly asked, "The refined potions all belong to us, right?" ”
门德森：“当然。不过只能带走成品药剂，材料不能带。”
Menderson: "Absolutely. However, you can only take away the finished medicine, and you can't bring the materials. ”
“知道了。”王叶挥挥手：“那我们就开始炼制吧。” "Got it." Wang Ye waved his hand: "Then let's start refining." ”
第一支药剂，一级疗伤药剂。这是魔药学院新生炼制最多的药剂，谁都不陌生。
The first potion, a first-class healing potion. This is the most refined potion by the freshmen of the Potions Academy, and no one is unfamiliar with it.
王叶几乎闭着眼睛都能把这支药剂炼制出来，他的速度很快，处理药材也显得特别随意，完全没有药师炼药时那种小心翼翼和谨慎。
Wang Ye could refine this potion almost with his eyes closed, his speed was very fast, and the handling of medicinal materials was particularly casual, completely lacking the caution and caution of a pharmacist when refining medicine.
门德森炼制一级药剂的神态也很轻松，但他明显慎重得多。
Menderson's demeanor in refining a first-grade potion was also relaxed, but he was obviously much more cautious.
王叶炼制药剂的时候还在打哈欠，这绝不是他装逼，而是他真的很困。
Wang Ye was still yawning when he was refining the potion, it was by no means that he was pretending, but that he was really sleepy.
那个该死的图书馆副本任务坑爹无比，他不小心接了一个背书考核的支线任务，这个任务不难，就是折磨人，要求在规定时间内，必须背下多少本书的内容，背得越多，奖励越高，然后会有人让他抽背某本书的某些内容。
That damn library dungeon quest is extremely cheating.,He accidentally took a side quest for endorsement assessment.,This task is not difficult.,It's torture.,Require within the specified time.,How many books must be memorized.,The more you memorize.,The higher the reward.,And then someone will ask him to memorize some of the content of a certain book.。
背错了，他就会得到惩罚。背对了，他就能过关得到奖励。
If you make a mistake, he will be punished. With his back right, he will be able to pass the level and get a reward.
为了能多看一些书……如果不是这个任务能翻阅一些图书馆需要学分才能阅读的书籍，他才不会接这么一个任务。
In order to be able to read more books...... If it weren't for the fact that he could flip through some books in the library that required credits to read, he wouldn't have taken on such a task.
如果不用抽背，他只要翻阅，先让百科全书进行记忆就好。可这个任务要求抽背考核，他只能一边看一边用自己的脑子记。
If he doesn't have to memorize it, he just needs to flip through it and let the encyclopedia memorize it first. But this task requires a memorization assessment, and he can only use his brain to memorize while watching.
偏偏他又想多看一些书——看到就是赚到嘛，就不停压榨自己的精神力，几乎没有任何休息地不停翻阅和记忆那些书籍上的内容。
But he wanted to read more books - what he saw was earning, so he kept squeezing his mental strength, and he kept reading and memorizing the contents of those books with almost no rest.
到现在为止，他已经四天三夜没有睡觉。 So far, he has not slept for four days and three nights.
对于精神力强大的人，几天不睡觉并不是事，但王叶这四天三夜一直在高度消耗精神力，自然会十分疲乏。
For people with strong mental power, it is not a matter of not sleeping for a few days, but Wang Ye has been highly consuming his mental power for the past four days and three nights, so he will naturally be very tired.
一级药剂炼制成功，王叶也没管对面门德森，把炼制好的药剂往验药台一放。
The first-level potion was successfully refined, and Wang Ye didn't care about Mendesen on the other side, and put the refined elixir on the medicine testing table.
验药台有专门的测试魔器，放上去就会自动检测。 The medicine testing table has a special testing magic device, and it will be automatically detected when you put it on.
“一级疗伤药剂，纯净度99%，配比为黄金配比，判定该药剂为一级极品药剂。服用可让伤口快速恢复，并不会对伤者造成任何损耗。”机械声从验药台冒出。
"The first-class healing elixir, the purity is 99%, and the ratio is gold, and it is judged that the elixir is a first-class best medicine. It can allow the wound to heal quickly and will not cause any wear and tear to the injured person. The sound of machinery came from the testing table.
门德森猛地抬起头，他刚刚把药剂炼制完。 Mendelsen jerked his head up, he had just finished refining the potion.
台下也瞬间安静。 The audience was also instantly silent.
过了一会儿才有人迟疑地道：“我刚才没听错吧？纯净度为99%？极品药剂？”
After a while, someone hesitated and said, "I heard you right, right?" 99% purity? The best elixir? ”
“没，我好像也听到了。” "No, I think I heard that."
“哇，竟然不会对服用者造成任何损耗，这疗伤药剂有点了不起啊。”
"Wow, it doesn't cause any loss to the user, this healing potion is a bit amazing."
一般来说疗伤药剂想要快速恢复，其实是激发了服用者的身体潜能，加速了新陈代谢，是会一定程度损耗服用者身体生机的。只不过这种损耗一般都不会太严重，伤者可以慢慢养回来。
Generally speaking, if the healing agent wants to recover quickly, it actually stimulates the user's physical potential and accelerates the metabolism, which will deplete the body's vitality to a certain extent. It's just that this kind of loss is generally not too serious, and the injured can slowly recover.
所以服用疗伤药剂的伤者看着当时伤势是恢复了，很多人的战斗实力却要比受伤前低，就是因为他们的身体并没有完全康复。
Therefore, the injured who took the healing potion looked at the time when the injury was recovered, but the fighting strength of many people was lower than before the injury, because their bodies did not fully recover.
音飘逸看向王叶的目光充满惊讶和惊喜。这个学弟可真的让他震惊，真不愧是……新生第三？
Yin Piaoyi's gaze at Wang Ye was full of surprise and surprise. This junior really shocked him, and he really deserved to be ...... Freshman third?
门德松眉头却皱成了小疙瘩，他知道自己弟弟炼制药剂的天赋有多强，但纯净度达到99%？他弟和他好像都没办法做到这种程度……
Mendesson's brows furrowed into small pimples, he knew how strong his brother's talent for refining potions was, but the purity reached 99%? Neither his brother nor he seemed to be able to do that......
门德森把自己炼制的药剂也放到了验药台上。 Mendelson also put the potion he had refined on the table.
很快验药台就给出判断：“一级疗伤药剂，纯净度81%，配比为黄金配比，判定该药剂为一级中品药剂。”
Soon the medicine test table gave a judgment: "The first-class healing agent, the purity is 81%, the ratio is gold, and the medicine is judged to be a first-class medium-grade medicine." ”
纯净度能达到99%以上才能被判为极品药剂，9098%都是上品，8089%为中品。70%79%为低品。6069%为接近废品的低下品。
The purity can reach more than 99% to be judged as the best medicine, 9098% are high-grade, and 8089% are medium-grade. 70% and 79% are low-grade. 6069% is close to scrap.
如果纯净度连60%都没达到，那这支药剂就废掉了，服下去对身体也没有任何好处。
If the purity is not even 60%, then the potion will be discarded, and taking it will not do the body any good.
在绝大多数魔药学院的一年级生都只能炼制出低品和低下品时，门德森这支药剂的质量已经相当不错。
At a time when the vast majority of first-year Potions Academy students could only refine low-grade and low-grade grades, the quality of Mendelson's potion was already quite good.
可是中品和极品要怎么比？ But how do you compare the middle grade with the best?
片刻后，杂学院学生突然爆发出震耳的欢呼！ A moment later, the students of the Miscellaneous Academy suddenly erupted in deafening cheers!
门德松看弟弟神情不对，立刻出声安慰：“这才是第一支药剂，也许这小子就特别擅长炼制一级药剂。他毕竟……也是新生第三考进来的，我们不可小觑他。”
Seeing that his younger brother's expression was wrong, Mendesson immediately comforted him: "This is the first elixir, maybe this kid is particularly good at refining first-class potions." After all, he ...... He is also the third freshman to be admitted, and we should not underestimate him. ”
门德森神情还算稳定，对他哥点点头：“我不会小觑任何人。”
Mendelsen's expression was still stable, and he nodded to his brother: "I won't underestimate anyone. ”
门德森开始炼制第二支药剂，那边王叶已经把第二支药剂炼制大半，就快接近成功。
Menderson began to refine the second elixir, and Wang Ye had already refined most of the second elixir, and he was close to success.
“我怎么觉得那个新生第三好像就要把二级的魔力恢复药剂也要炼制出来了？”门德松的同学小声呢喃道。
"Why do I think that freshman third seems to be about to refine the second-level magic recovery potion?" Mendesson's classmates muttered quietly.
能炼制二级药剂，那就表示该学生的实力已经达到了初级药师的程度。
Being able to refine a second-level potion means that the student's strength has reached the level of a junior pharmacist.
门德森就在上个月参加了学校组织的药师资格考核，获得了初级药师的资格。
Last month, Mendson took part in the pharmacist qualification examination organized by the school and obtained the qualification of junior pharmacist.
那这个新生第三呢？ And what about this freshman third?
他参加考核了没有？现在是药师高级学徒级别还是已经是初级药师？
Did he take the test? Are you now at the Pharmacist Senior Apprentice level or are you already a Junior Pharmacist?
王叶当然参加了考核，他报考费都交了，怎么可能浪费？
Of course, Wang Ye participated in the assessment, and he paid all the application fees, how could it be wasted?
只不过他拿到只是一个初级药师资格。而王叶觉得自己实力能达到高级，对这个初级资格就很是看不上，更不会觉得有什么了不起，如果不是为了方便卖药，他压根就不会浪费时间去考，考到后就把这枚药师徽章丢到了空间里，没佩戴。
It's just that he only got the qualification of a junior pharmacist. And Wang Ye felt that his strength could reach the advanced level, and he didn't look down on this primary qualification, let alone think that there was anything remarkable, if it wasn't for the convenience of selling medicine, he wouldn't have wasted time taking the exam at all, and after the exam, he threw this pharmacist badge into the space and didn't wear it.
学校的告示栏其实有公开展示哪些学生考到了哪些资格，但真正会去看这种公告的学生并不多。
The school's bulletin board actually openly shows which students have taken which qualifications, but not many students actually go to see this kind of announcement.
如果有朋友，还会帮助宣传宣传，但王叶独啊。 If you have friends, you will also help publicize the propaganda, but Wang Yedu.
故此，王叶考到初级药师资格的事，在学校竟然没有掀起半点风浪，杂学院都没几个注意。
Therefore, Wang Ye's qualification as a junior pharmacist did not set off a storm in the school, and few miscellaneous colleges paid attention to it.
二级的魔力恢复药剂也已经炼制成功，王叶同样送到验药台那里进行检测。
The second-level magic recovery potion had also been successfully refined, and Wang Ye had also sent it to the medicine testing table for testing.
“二级魔力恢复药剂，纯净度99%，配比为黄金配比，判定该药剂为二级极品药剂，服用可一次性恢复初级魔法师以下三分之二魔力。”机械声音再次冒出。
"The second-level mana recovery potion, the purity is 99%, the ratio is gold, and it is judged that the potion is a second-level best potion, and taking it can restore the following two-thirds of the magic power of the junior magician at one time." The mechanical voice came out again.
“哇！又是极品药剂，还是二级！” "Wow! It's the best potion again, or level two! ”
“这个新生是谁？他叫什么名字？”在别的擂台看热闹的学生也被吸引过来了。
"Who is this freshman? What's his name? "The students who watched the excitement in other rings were also attracted to it.
“不会吧？新生竟然能炼制二级药剂了？还是极品药剂？现在新生都这么牛了吗？”
"Wouldn't it? The freshman was actually able to refine a second-level elixir? Or is it the best elixir? Are all freshmen so good now? ”
“是不是那个说是能炼制三级药剂的学生？” "Is it the student who said he could refine a third-level potion?"
“好像不是，好像是另外一个新生。” "It doesn't seem to be, it seems to be another freshman."
台下的议论声越来越大。 The discussion in the audience is getting louder and louder.
台上的王叶丝毫没有受到影响，他已经开始炼制第三支的三级精神力补充药剂。
Wang Ye on the stage was not affected in the slightest, and he had already begun refining the third-level spiritual power replenishing elixir.
而门德森的心却乱了。到底是十四岁的少年，再稳重，也经受不了这样的连番刺激。
And Menderson's heart was in turmoil. In the end, he is a fourteen-year-old boy, no matter how steady he is, he can't withstand such repeated stimulation.
那个王叶能炼制出二级的极品药剂，我呢？ That Wang Ye can refine a second-level best elixir, what about me?
幸好这支二级药剂的炼制已经接近尾声，门德森虽然心乱，但他炼制这种药剂次数非常多，就算临时心境不稳，他还是把这支药剂炼制成功。
Fortunately, the refining of this second-level potion was nearing the end, and although Menderson was distraught, he had refined this potion a lot of times, even if he was temporarily unstable, he still succeeded in refining this elixir.
门德森在把药剂送往验药台时，心里其实已经很清楚，他输了。他的这支药剂无论如何都不会达到上品。
When Menderson sent the potion to the testing table, he was already very clear in his heart that he had lost. His potion would not be of the highest grade in any way.
“二级魔力恢复药剂，纯净度72%，配比为黄金配比，判定该药剂为二级低品药剂，服用可一次性恢复初级魔法师以下五分之一魔力。”
"The second-level mana recovery potion, the purity is 72%, the ratio is gold, and the elixir is judged to be a second-level low-grade potion, and taking it can restore one-fifth of the magic power of the junior magician at one time."
门德森抿住嘴唇，这支药剂原本的纯净度应该至少能达到80%，可他受到了影响，这很不应该，做药师首先心和手就要稳。
Mendelsen pursed his lips, the original purity of this potion should have reached at least 80%, but he was affected, this is very unacceptable, to be a pharmacist, you must first have a steady heart and hands.
门德森不去听那些议论声，连续几次深呼吸，把外界声音全都隔离。
Mendelson didn't listen to the chatter, and took several deep breaths in a row, isolating all the outside sounds.
他要炼制三级药剂了。 He's about to refine a third-level potion.
前面两次他都失败了，可只要他能炼制出三级药剂，他就不一定会输。
He had failed the first two times, but as long as he could refine a third-level potion, he wouldn't necessarily lose.
除非那个王叶也能炼制出三级药剂，可他能吗？ Unless that Wang Ye can also refine a third-level potion, can he?
门德森发现自己的心又乱了，立刻强行收敛心神，把所有注意力都投放到药剂炼制中。
Menderson found that his mind was in turmoil again, and immediately forcibly reined in his mind and devoted all his attention to the refining of the potion.
王叶瞟了眼少年，对他的处惊不乱也有点小佩服，不是所有这个年龄的少年都能做到这种程度，尤其在台下一片对自己的质疑声时。
Wang Ye glanced at the young man, and was a little impressed by his unruly, not all teenagers of this age can do this level, especially when there was a lot of doubt about himself in the audience.
王叶再瞅瞅门德松，当即在心中摇了摇头。这个做哥哥的可真不如做弟弟的稳，瞧那脸红脖子粗的模样，似乎随时都会扑上擂台杀人。
Wang Ye looked at Mendesong again, and immediately shook his head in his heart. This elder brother is really not as stable as being a younger brother, looking at the appearance of a red face and a thick neck, it seems that he will pounce in the ring and kill people at any time.
但王叶也无意遮掩自己的实力，做人可以低调，但真被人打上门来，他如果不给以足够让对方疼痛的还击，那以后他的麻烦只会连绵不断。
But Wang Ye has no intention of hiding his strength, he can be low-key, but if he is really knocked on the door, if he doesn't give the other party enough pain to fight back, then his troubles will only continue in the future.
何况炼制三级药剂而已，他要不是受到玩家等级限制……
What's more, refining a third-level potion is just a matter of refining a third-level potion, if he is not limited by the player's level......
第154章 越级炼制 Chapter 154: Leapfrogging Refining
王叶现在还没有到达三十级，图书馆副本任务相当耗费时间，他做到现在也才只给自己刷了两级。
Wang Ye hadn't reached level 30 yet, and the library dungeon task was quite time-consuming, and he had only brushed himself two levels so far.
其实他这个速度已经不慢，当年做图书馆任务的人卡上半年还没做完的都有。
In fact, his speed is not slow, and the person who did the library task back then has not finished it in the first half of the year.
不过他这趟图书馆副本也没白跑，他在图书馆翻到了一本关于越级炼制药剂的书籍。
However, his trip to the library was not in vain, and he found a book in the library about the refining of potions of the next level.
该书提到一个很关键的地方，就是高级药剂为什么难以炼制，就是因为它使用的药材都是高等级的药材，如果低等级的药师去处理这些药材，会无法锁住其中相应魔力，更无法让几种药剂互相融合起到应有的反应。
The book mentions a very key point, that is, why high-grade potions are difficult to refine, is because the medicinal materials used are all high-grade medicinal materials, and if low-level pharmacists deal with these medicinal materials, they will not be able to lock the corresponding magic power in them, let alone let several potions fuse with each other to have the desired reaction.
所以低等级的药师去炼制超越自己实力等级的药物，特别容易炸锅。
Therefore, it is especially easy for low-level pharmacists to refine drugs that exceed their own strength level.
那么如何处理这个问题？ So how to deal with this?
书中给出了两种解决方法，一种就是把药材微小化、把炼制步骤更加细化，把一个也许只需要三五个步骤就能炼制出来的药剂，分成十几个步骤去做。
There are two solutions given in the book, one is to miniaturize the medicinal materials and refine the refining steps, and divide a potion that may only need three or five steps to refine into more than a dozen steps.
就好像把一个仪器拆成无数零件，把这些小零件都做好后，再拼装起来。
It's like taking an instrument apart into countless parts, making all these small parts, and then putting them together.
这种做法的好处就是不用一开始就需要特别高的操控能力，也就不需要炼制者本人必须是高等级。
The advantage of this approach is that it does not require a particularly high level of control ability from the beginning, and it does not require the refiner himself to be a high level.
坏处是零件做得太多，很容易出错，拼装起来也很容易出问题，需要极为耐心和细心，而且会看出大量的拼装痕迹，没有那么纯粹和完美。
The disadvantage is that there are too many parts, it is easy to make mistakes, and it is easy to have problems when assembling, which requires extreme patience and care, and a large number of assembly traces will be seen, which are not so pure and perfect.
现在绝大多数能越级炼制药剂或者魔器的技师们，用的就是这种方法。
Now the vast majority of technicians who can leapfrog the refining of potions or magic weapons use this method.
还有一种方法，就是利用精神力进行辅佐炼制。 There is also a way to use spiritual power to assist in refining.
这本书的重点也不是第一种方法，而是重点描述如何利用精神力来弥补能量缺乏的缺憾，以及如何利用精神力来越级制作药剂。
The focus of this book is not on the first method, but on how to use mental power to make up for the lack of energy, and how to use mental power to make potions beyond the level.
不过这种方法对于精神力操控要求很高，一开始的训练方法更是能让人脑袋疼炸，能坚持下来的人就没几个。
However, this method has high requirements for mental power manipulation, and the training method at the beginning can make people's heads hurt, and there are few people who can persevere.
要不是如此，这本书也不会丢在书架最底层落灰。 If it weren't for that, the book wouldn't have been left in the dust at the bottom of the shelf.
可王叶不怕疼啊，而且他的精神力真的很雄厚，远远超过同等级的人。
But Wang Ye is not afraid of pain, and his spiritual power is really strong, far exceeding people of the same level.
这本精神力越级炼药法简直就是为他量身定做！ This spiritual power leapfrog alchemy method is simply tailor-made for him!
如果没有翻到这本书，王叶原本是打算就靠炼制二级极品药剂去应付这场约战。
If he hadn't turned to this book, Wang Ye originally planned to rely on refining a second-grade best potion to deal with this battle.
除非门德森能炼制出三级中品以上药剂，否则他的二级极品药剂比起三级低品也不会相差太多，就算被判定比输也不会败得太难看。
Unless Mendelsen can refine a third-grade medium-grade or above elixir, his second-grade top-grade elixir will not be much different from the third-grade low-grade elixir, and even if he is judged to lose, he will not lose too ugly.
当然，他也会尝试炼制三级药剂。 Of course, he would also try to refine a third-level potion.
实际上，到现在为止，因为怕浪费材料，他并没有炼制过几次三级药剂。
In fact, until now, for fear of wasting materials, he had not refined a third-level potion several times.
王叶在看到这本书后，就猜测他如果能多多炼制三级药剂，说不定随着经验增加，他也能无师自通地掌握用精神力越级炼制药剂的方法，只是可能效率不会有掌握这个术法的效率好。
After Wang Ye saw this book, he guessed that if he could refine more third-level potions, maybe with the increase of experience, he would also be able to master the method of refining potions with spiritual power without a teacher, but the efficiency might not be as good as that of mastering this technique.
而学了这个术法，就相当于他在翻越高山的时候，发现了一个现成的穿山山洞，他只要走进这个山洞，就不用再攀爬这座山，也能穿过这座山，去到另一边。
And learning this technique is equivalent to when he climbs over the mountain, he finds a ready-made cave through the mountain, as long as he walks into this cave, he no longer needs to climb this mountain, he can also cross this mountain and go to the other side.
有意思的是，这本精神力炼药的书籍竟然和虫老给他的那个水晶球精神力锻炼法一脉相承，两者配合，竟然让他的精神力提升速度又加快了那么一点，更让他对精神力应用得心应手。
What's interesting is that this book of spiritual power refining medicine is in the same vein as the crystal ball spiritual power exercise method given to him by the worm elder, and the combination of the two actually makes his spiritual power increase speed up a little faster, and makes him even more handy in the application of spiritual power.
打个比方，就好像虫老给他的那个水晶球是箭矢，他抓着箭矢去攻击，也能打出伤害。而那本精神力越级炼药术则是弓，他可以用弓弦和弓身去攻击敌人。
For example, it's like the crystal ball that the worm boss gave him is an arrow, and he can also deal damage if he grabs the arrow to attack. And the alchemy technique that transcends spiritual power is a bow, and he can use the bowstring and bow body to attack the enemy.
两者都能单独使用，但配合到一起才是真正的完整武器，威力也远远大于之前的单独使用。
Both can be used individually, but when combined they are truly complete weapons, and they are far more powerful than the previous ones used alone.
王叶在处理药材的时候，还能分心看向门德森少年。 When Wang Ye was handling the medicinal herbs, he could still look at the young man Mendesen distractedly.
门德森的实力也不像是达到中级魔法师的样子，换言之，他也是在越级炼制三级药剂。
Menderson's strength doesn't look like he has reached the intermediate level of magician, in other words, he is also refining a third-level potion at a leaping level.
从他的手法来看，他用的方法就是书籍中介绍的第一种。
Judging by his approach, the method he uses is the first one introduced in the book.
不管用的是哪种方法，能越级炼制药剂的就不是普通人。
No matter which method is used, it is not ordinary people who can leapfrog the level of refining medicine.
这个世上永远不会缺乏天才，而有些人真的是生来就已经踩在终点线上，那大脑和天赋才能你都不知道它是怎么长出来的。
There will never be a shortage of geniuses in this world, and some people are really born to step on the finish line, and you don't know how the brain and talent grow.
说到这里，他就想要再次感谢他师父，他脑子确实聪明，但如果没有他师父对他的严厉教导和近乎苛刻的要求，他也不可能给自己打下这么扎实的基础。
Speaking of this, he wanted to thank his master again, he was indeed smart, but without his master's strict teaching and almost harsh requirements for him, he would not have been able to lay such a solid foundation for himself.
重生后，他越是学习相关知识就越是发现他师父给他打下的这个基础有多牢靠。
After being reborn, the more he learned about it, the more he realized how solid the foundation his master had laid for him.
而牢靠坚深的基础给他带来的好处简直数之不尽。 And the benefits of a solid foundation are simply innumerable.
比如现在，他哪怕没有炼制过几次三级药剂，但把这些药材拿到手里，他本能地就知道要怎么处理。
For example, now, even if he hadn't refined a few third-level potions, he instinctively knew what to do with these medicinal materials when he got them in his hands.
万宗归一，其实再复杂的东西，只要层层剥离，你就会发现它们的本质都差不多。
In fact, no matter how complex things are, as long as you peel them off layer by layer, you will find that their essence is almost the same.
外行看热闹，内行看门道。 The layman looks at the bustle, and the insider looks at the doorway.
外行人看王叶处理三级药材时如行云流水，熟练的不得了。
Laymen see that Wang Ye is like a smooth flow when dealing with third-level medicinal materials, and he is very proficient.
但内行人看王叶，就会发现他处理三级药材时明显要比之前处理一二级材料要谨慎得多，明显带着一丝生疏。
But if an insider looks at Wang Ye, he will find that he is obviously much more cautious when dealing with third-level medicinal materials than when dealing with first- and second-level materials before, obviously with a hint of rustiness.
有时候某种药材的处理甚至会让你感觉这药材随时都会被废掉，可最后结果却神奇地处理成功。
Sometimes the treatment of a certain herb will even make you feel that the herb will be discarded at any time, but in the end, it will be magically successful.
三级精神力补充药剂，其实是三级里面炼制起来相当难的一种药剂，这种药剂炼制时需要炼制者本人就有强大的精神力，否则连药材都处理不好。
The third-level spiritual power replenishment elixir is actually a kind of elixir that is quite difficult to refine in the third-level medicine, and this kind of elixir needs to have strong spiritual power in the refiner himself, otherwise he can't even handle the medicinal materials well.
门德森会选择这种药剂，就是因为他本人精神力很强，他也非常擅长炼制精神类药剂。
Mendelsen chose this potion because he himself has a strong mental power, and he is also very good at refining spiritual potions.
而三级药剂，他最先学，也做得最好的一种就是精神力补充药剂。
As for the third-level elixir, the one he learned first and did the best was the spiritual power replenishment potion.
好吧，目前为止，门德森只掌握了这一种三级药剂的炼制方法，还不一定每次都成功，失败率约在六比一的程度。
Well, so far, Menderson has only mastered the refining method of this one third-level elixir, and he may not succeed every time, and the failure rate is about six to one.
谁都能看出门德森的小心翼翼，他希望这次炼制能一次成功，他还指望靠这支药剂打一个翻身仗。
Anyone can see that Edsen is cautious, he hopes that this refining can be a success, and he also hopes to rely on this potion to make a turnaround.
你会炼制一二级的极品药剂又怎样？ What if you can refine a first- or second-grade best elixir?
只有炼制出三级药剂的人才能真正跨入药师行列。 Only those who have refined a third-level potion can truly step into the ranks of pharmacists.
王叶又比门德森快了一步完成了药剂。 Wang Ye completed the potion one step faster than Mendelsen.
这让周围观看比试的人不可思议。 This made the people around me watching the competition incredible.
那可是三级药剂，这个新生第三不但没有失败炸锅，还一次成功了？而且比门德森更快？
That's a third-level potion, and this freshman third not only didn't fail to fry, but also succeeded once? And faster than Menderson?
这怎么可能？！ How is this possible?!
再怎么不可能，王叶也炼制好了，就见他把药剂放到了验药台。
No matter how impossible, Wang Ye also finished refining, and saw that he put the medicine on the medicine testing table.
在这里就不得不夸奖门德森是真的能稳得住，如果换了一般少年，看到自己的对手竟然出乎意料地完成了他本不该完成的操作，这时早就受到影响，导致炼制失败。
Here I have to praise Menderson for really being able to hold on, if he changed to an ordinary teenager and saw that his opponent unexpectedly completed the operation that he should not have done, he would have been affected a long time ago, resulting in the failure of refining.
可门德森看都没看王叶，他把外界所有声音都摒弃在外，专心致志地炼制药剂。
But Mendelson didn't even look at Wang Ye, he ignored all the voices of the outside world and concentrated on refining potions.
“三级精神力补充药剂，纯净度99%，配比为黄金配比，判定该药剂为三级极品药剂，服用可一次性补充初级魔法师以下三分之二精神力。”
"The third-level spiritual power replenishment potion, the purity is 99%, and the ratio is golden, and it is judged that the elixir is a third-level superlative elixir, and taking it can replenish the following two-thirds of the spiritual power of the junior magician at one time."
判定结果一出，围观的学生们再也忍不住，发出了一片惊呼。
As soon as the verdict came out, the onlookers couldn't hold back anymore and let out an exclamation.
“怎么可能？！” "How is that possible?!"
“三级极品？就是教授也不一定能炼制出这种水平的药剂吧？”
"Level 3 superb? Even a professor may not be able to refine a potion of this level, right? ”
“他怎么可能接二连三炼制出极品药剂？这可是三级药剂！”
"How could he have been able to refine the best potions one after another? This is a level 3 potion! ”
王叶：为什么不可能？除非他瞎来，否则他炼制的药剂纯净度和配比度就不会低于99%，精确已经成为他的制药本能。
Wang Ye: Why is it impossible? Unless he came blindly, the purity and proportion of the medicine he refined would not be less than 99%, and precision had become his pharmaceutical instinct.
也是因为这份对药材掌控的精确度，他才能在第一次越级炼制时就炼制成功。
It was also because of this precision of his control over medicinal materials that he was able to refine successfully the first time he crossed the level of refining.
“可验药台不可能出错，他也不可能作弊，大家都看着呢。”
"But it is impossible for the medicine test table to make mistakes, and it is impossible for him to cheat, everyone is watching."
“哇，今年新生真不得了，魔药学院这次来了个超级天才啊。”
"Wow, this year's freshmen are really amazing, the Potions Academy has a super genius this time."
“不是魔药学院的学生。” "Not a Potions student."
“哎？” "Huh?"
“台上那个三次都炼制出极品药剂的新生是杂学院的，听说还是九班的学生。”
"The freshman on the stage who has refined the best potion three times is from the Miscellaneous Academy, and I heard that he is still a student of Class 9."
“怎么可能？！” "How is that possible?!"
怎么可能这几个字现在出现频率最高，虽然大家都亲眼看到了王叶的炼药过程，但成品出来，绝大多数人还是感到不可思议。
“喂，台上的新生，你的药卖吗？三支药剂我都要了，给你结算学分。”一名过来看热闹的学长突然喊道。
“你好狡猾！比试还没结束呢。那个学弟啊，你的药剂卖给我吧，我按照市场最高价买！”
"You are so cunning! The competition isn't over yet. That junior, sell me your potions, and I'll buy them at the highest price in the market! ”
“卖给我啦，价高者得！” "Sell it to me, the one with the highest price will get it!"
“学弟，我们可都是杂学院的，肥水不流外人田，学长们不会少给你的，千万别把你的药剂卖给别的学院的混蛋。”
"Junior, we are all from miscellaneous colleges, the fertilizer and water will not flow into the fields of outsiders, the seniors will not give you less, don't sell your potions to the bastards of other colleges."
“学弟……” "Junior ......"
“安静！都给我安静！”门德松气得大叫：“我弟的药剂还没有制作完，你们这么吵，他如果炼制失败那都因为你们！”
"Quiet! Give me all the quiet! Mendesong shouted angrily: "My brother's potion has not been made yet, you are so noisy, if he fails to refine, it will be because of you!" ”
周围顿时一片安静，不是顾忌门德松，而是他们意识到在别人还在制药时就闹成这样，确实不太好。
There was a sudden silence around, not because they were afraid of Mendesson, but because they realized that it was really not good to make such a fuss when others were still making medicines.
王叶打了个哈欠，困得眼睛随时都要合上。 Wang Ye yawned, so sleepy that his eyes had to close at any time.
他没想到炼制这么一支三级药剂竟然这么消耗精神力。 He didn't expect refining such a third-level potion to consume so much spiritual power.
王叶可不想让自己处于危险中，看看手中药剂，再看看还在炼制的门德森，他仰头就把这支刚刚炼制完的三级精神力补充药剂给喝了。
Wang Ye didn't want to put himself in danger, looking at the potion in his hand, and then at Mendelsen, who was still refining, he raised his head and drank this third-level spiritual power replenishment potion that had just been refined.
虽然不能卖钱有点可惜，但反正药材是别人出的，喝掉也不会太心疼。
Although it's a pity that you can't sell it for money, anyway, the medicinal herbs are made by someone else, and you won't feel too distressed to drink it.
围观的学生们：……你等等！你在干什么？！ Onlookers: ...... You wait! What are you doing?!
“快停下！” "Stop!"
“啊啊啊！不要啊！” "Ahhh Don't! ”
不止一个学生在惨呼。 More than one student was screaming.
这家伙竟然就这么把一支宝贵的极品三级精神力补充药剂给喝了？
This guy actually drank a precious top-grade third-level spiritual power replenishment elixir like this?
太过分啦，他们想买都买不到，结果这家伙竟然就这么随便喝了。
It's too much, they can't buy it if they want to, and this guy just drinks it casually.
你要补充精神力，你可以喝其他的药剂啊，再不行你就睡一觉嘛！
If you want to replenish your mental power, you can drink other potions, and if you can't do it, you can sleep!
你知不知道这种药剂一般都是在战斗时或紧急关头才会使用？
Did you know that this potion is usually used in battle or in an emergency?
雷木环视四周，就见一堆人怒瞪小叶子，那表情像是随时都想冲上擂台捶他一顿。
Lei Mu looked around and saw a bunch of people glaring at Xiao Ye angrily, with an expression that seemed to want to rush into the ring and beat him at any time.
王叶咂咂嘴，药剂味道一般，如果不是必要，他也不想随便喝药剂。
Wang Ye smacked his lips, the taste of the potion was average, and if it wasn't necessary, he didn't want to drink the potion casually.
但这瓶药剂下肚，他的精神力确实恢复了不少。 But this bottle of potion was down, and his mental power did recover a lot.
砰！门德森炸锅了。 Bang! Menderson fryer.
他不知道自己是不是受到了环境影响，但这次失败，其实在炼制到一半时他就有预感了。
He didn't know if he was affected by the environment, but this failure, in fact, he had a premonition halfway through the refining.
但他不想就这么承认失败，这才坚持下来，可还是在最后的融合过程中出现问题，导致炸锅。
But he didn't want to admit defeat like that, so he persevered, but there was still a problem in the final fusion process, which led to the fryer.
门德松上台，什么话都没说，带着精疲力尽的弟弟迅速离开。
Mendsson came to power, did not say anything, and quickly left with his exhausted brother.
王叶也没兴趣打落水狗，他反感门德松，但对门德森这个少年暂时没什么恶感，门德森会上台和他比试，也是被他亲哥坑的。何况对方才十四岁，一个十四岁就能炼制三级药剂还这么能稳得住的少年，在他看来真的很了不起。
Wang Ye is also not interested in beating the water dogs, he dislikes Mendelson, but he has no bad feelings towards Mendelson, a young man, for the time being, Mendelson will come on stage to compete with him, and he was also cheated by his own brother. What's more, the other party is only fourteen years old, and a young man who can refine a third-level potion at the age of fourteen and still be so stable is really remarkable in his opinion.
杂学院的学生很想讽刺门德松，但随着台上王叶喊着：“三级极品药剂没有了，一级和二级的还有。就是刚才炼制的那两支，你们谁要？”
The students of the Miscellaneous Academy wanted to sarcastically mock Mendesson, but as Wang Ye shouted on the stage: "The third-level best potion is gone, and there are still first-level and second-level ones." It's the two ones you just refined, which one of you wants? ”
这些人就全都忘了门德松兄弟俩，纷纷喊道： All of them forgot about the Mendesund brothers, and cried out:
“我我我！我要！卖给我！” "I, me, me! I'm going to! Sell it to me! ”
“学弟，不要卖给其他学院，我们杂学院包了！” "Junior, don't sell it to other academies, we've got it in the miscellaneous academies!"
“刚刚的二级魔力恢复药剂，二十五个学分！”一名学长直接出价。
"The second-level mana recovery potion just now, twenty-five credits!" A senior makes a direct bid.
其他学生俱都瞪向报价者，二级药剂的市场价平均在二十个学分一瓶，这位上来就加价五个学分，太过分！
The other students all glared at the offerer, the market price of the second-level potion was an average of twenty credits per bottle, and this one would increase the price by five credits, which was too much!
但众人一看报价的是学长音飘逸，原本已经涌到嘴边的芬芳又全都咽了回去。
But when everyone saw that the quotation was a senior voice, the fragrance that had already surged to their lips was swallowed back.
王叶抛起药剂瓶：“音学长，这瓶药剂归你了。” Wang Ye threw up the potion bottle: "Senior Yin, this bottle of potion belongs to you." ”
音飘逸接过药剂，当场转给王叶二十五个学分。 Yin Piaoyi took the potion and transferred it to Wang Ye twenty-five credits on the spot.
“还有一瓶一级的疗伤药剂，谁要？” "And a bottle of first-level healing potion, who wants it?"
最后一名魔法学院的学长以十五个学分的价格把这瓶药剂买了过去。
The last senior of the Academy of Magic bought the potion for fifteen credits.
虽然这两瓶药剂卖掉了，但围观的学生没走，拥在擂台前询问王叶还有没有多余的药剂。
Although the two bottles of potions were sold, the onlookers did not leave, and crowded in front of the ring to ask Wang Ye if there were any extra potions.
这位出手就是极品药剂，不用说，平时肯定有大量练手，那他身上的药剂也绝不会少。
This shot is the best medicine, needless to say, there must be a lot of practice in ordinary times, so there will be no shortage of potions on his body.
“以后吧，现在身上真没多少药剂。”王叶懒懒道。 "In the future, I really don't have much potion on my body now." Wang Ye said lazily.
雷木看出王叶的疲累，飞上擂台，抄起王叶就飞走了。 Lei Mu saw Wang Ye's tiredness, flew into the ring, picked up Wang Ye and flew away.
还有人想追上两人，可雷木驾驶魔板飞得极快，眨眼就飞不见了。
There were also people who wanted to catch up with the two, but Lei Mu flew extremely fast with the magic board, and he flew away in the blink of an eye.
“奇怪，那人的魔板速度怎么那么快？”有学生嘀咕。 "Strange, why is that person's magic board so fast?" Some students muttered.
“魔改了吧。刚才接走王叶的那个学长是他哥，炼金学院的学生。”
"The devil has changed. The senior who picked up Wang Ye just now was his brother, a student of the Alchemy Academy. ”
“但王叶的哥哥不是也是今年刚入学吗？” "But didn't Wang Ye's brother also just enter school this year?"
“人家弟弟都能越级炼制三级极品药剂了，就不允许人家哥哥入校半年就能给魔板做一些魔改？”
"My brother's brother can leapfrog and refine the third-level best potion, so I won't allow my brother to make some magic changes to the magic board after half a year of entering the school?"
“这兄弟俩可真都了不得。” "These two brothers are amazing."
“学校又要出现风云人物了，啧啧。” "The school is going to have a man of the year again, tsk."
当天，有新生刚入校半年就炼制出了三级极品药剂的消息就在学校内部疯狂传播，听到的人很多都不相信，偏偏太多人信誓旦旦，而且还有人说他们是亲眼看到对方从零到成品当场炼制出来，这可比小道消息要可靠得多。
On the same day, the news that a freshman had refined a third-grade best potion just half a year after entering the school spread wildly within the school, and many people who heard it did not believe it, but too many people swore by it, and some people said that they had seen each other refine it on the spot from zero to finished product, which was much more reliable than gossip.
一年级魔药课上，教授一进门就问道：“王叶来了吗？”
In the first-year Potions class, the professor asked as soon as he entered the door, "Is Wang Ye here?" ”
众学生纷纷转头四看。 The students turned their heads to look around.
没看到人。 Didn't see anyone.
如今的魔药课讲的都是如何炼制一级魔药，王叶来了也是开小差学习别的东西，等他开始做图书馆的任务，他就没来上课了。
Today's potions class is all about how to refine first-level potions, and Wang Ye also deserted to learn other things when he came, and when he started to do the task of the library, he didn't come to class.
现在他也待在图书馆副本里。 Now he's in the library copy too.
教魔药的教授有点不高兴，继续点名，继续上课。 The professor who taught potions was a little upset and continued to take the roll call and continue the class.
下课后这位教授就奔去学院院长办公室。 After class, the professor went to the dean's office.
“你说要给王叶办转院？”院长惊讶。 "You said you want to transfer Wang Ye to the hospital?" The dean was surprised.
魔药教授认真道：“是。” The Potions Professor said seriously, "Yes." ”
“好端端的，这还没有到学期末考试，怎么会突然要给他办理转院？”院长不解。
"It's good, this hasn't reached the end of the semester yet, why do you suddenly have to transfer him?" The dean was puzzled.
魔药教授：“他炼制出了三级药剂。” Potions Professor: "He made a third-level potion. ”
“哦？你确定？” "Oh? Are you sure? ”
“我没看到，但很多学生说他们看到了，还是在擂台区当场炼制。我去查看过验药台的记录，确实有三支极品药剂的记录。”
"I didn't see it, but many students said they saw it, and they still practiced it on the spot in the ring area. I went to check the records of the medicine table, and there were indeed records of three excellent potions. ”
“等等，你刚才说什么？三支极品药剂？”院长吃惊。 "Wait, what did you just say? Three superlative elixirs? The dean was surprised.
魔药教授：“没错，三支极品，一级、二级和一支三级精神力补充药剂，都是纯净度达到99%的极品。”
Potions Professor: "That's right, the three superlatives, the first-level, second-level, and one third-level spiritual power replenishing potion, are all superlatives with a purity of 99%. ”
“这怎么可能？是不是弄错了？”院长这话一说出口，自己就先失笑。验药台那边的检测魔器不可能出错，如果真的出错，这位教授就不会跑来找他，让他给王叶在学年中就办理转院。
"How is this possible? Am you mistaken? As soon as the dean said this, he laughed first. It is impossible for the magic weapon on the side of the medicine testing table to make a mistake, if it really goes wrong, the professor will not come to him and ask him to transfer Wang Ye to the hospital in the middle of the academic year.
院长手指在桌面上敲了敲，他在想王叶的千木之毒的问题。
The dean's fingers tapped on the tabletop, and he was thinking about Wang Ye's Thousand Wood Poison.
一个才十岁不到就能越级炼制三级极品药剂的超级天才学生，而且是在中了千木之毒，资质和精神力都有所损伤的情况下把药剂炼制出来，如果他没有中千木之毒，那又该是怎样的惊才绝艳？
A super genius student who is less than ten years old can leapfrog the level to refine the third-level best elixir, and he has been poisoned by the poison of a thousand trees, and his qualifications and mental power have been damaged, if he does not have the poison of a thousand trees, what kind of amazing talent should he be?
院长私心里非常想把王叶转到魔药学院，这样优秀的学生就该是他们魔药学院的。
The dean privately wanted to transfer Wang Ye to the Potions Academy, so that the outstanding students should be from their Potions Academy.
但是如果转过来，王叶却因为千木之毒在不久后就变得泯然于众人，对那孩子又真的好吗？
But if it turns around, Wang Ye will become obscure to everyone soon after because of the poison of a thousand trees, is it really good for that child?
“我考虑一下。” "I'll think about it."
“院长！马上就到各学校专业大比了。”魔药教授急。 "Dean! Immediately to the school professional competition. "Potions professor anxious.
院长何尝不知道马上就要到各学校比试的时候，但谁知道王叶现在的状况是否还能维持到两个月后的各学校大比？
The dean didn't know that the competition between the schools was about to come, but who knew if Wang Ye's current situation would be able to maintain the competition between the schools in two months?
“王叶的情况有点特殊，我需要和别的教授商量一下。”他需要问问其他教授，对千木之毒是否已经有解决的头绪。
"Wang Ye's situation is a bit special, I need to discuss it with other professors." He needed to ask the other professors if they had a clue about the poison of a thousand trees.
教大课的魔药教授无奈，只能带着满心不甘离开。但随后他就给王叶发了一封信，明确表示希望对方申请转院，同时提出如果王叶愿意，他也十分愿意成为王叶的指导教授。
The Potions professor who taught the big class had no choice but to leave with a heart full of unwillingness. But then he sent a letter to Wang Ye, clearly expressing his hope that the other party would apply for a transfer, and at the same time proposing that if Wang Ye was willing, he would also be very willing to become Wang Ye's supervisor.
这就是想要收弟子的意思了。 That's what it means to take in disciples.
可惜王叶也没能及时看到这封信。 It's a pity that Wang Ye didn't see this letter in time.
他在副本图书馆里先遇到了一个人。 He first met a man in the dungeon library.
“你刚才使用卷轴攻击了？” "You just used a scroll to attack?"
王叶没想到这间阅读室内还有其他人，猛然转身。 Wang Ye didn't expect that there were other people in this reading room, so he turned around suddenly.
那是一名让你第一眼看到就想到“贵族”两个字，第二眼就会被对方的美貌吸引住的男子。
That's a man who makes you think of the word "noble" at first sight, and you'll be attracted by the other person's beauty at the second glance.
王叶可以摸着心脏说，这是他两辈子以来见到最好看的一个人。
Wang Ye can touch his heart and say that this is the best-looking person he has seen in his two lives.
这人的美丽并不具有侵略性，是一种沉淀下来宛如陈酿一般、耐得住岁月摧残的美丽。
This person's beauty is not aggressive, it is a beauty that has settled down like aging and can withstand the ravages of time.
人都是颜狗，王叶也不例外，他也喜欢长得美好的人和物。
但王叶并没有因此放松警惕，他刚才进来这间阅读室时，这里明明没有一个人。
而刚刚冒出来的小怪已经被他用卷轴杀了，这是这间阅览室的要求，让他根据刚才看完的卷轴制作书籍，现场制作一份卷轴，再用这张卷轴来解决冒出来的小怪。
那这位是人形boss？
“您是？”王叶客气地问。
那人指了指书桌上的空白卷轴和笔墨：“再制作一幅。”
王叶：“哎？”
那人耐心地道：“你刚才使用的卷轴不是你自己制作的吗？现在那里还有材料，你再制作一幅我看看。”
第155章 美人如画
王叶看向书桌，那里刚才明明没有空白卷轴了，没想到现在又出现了一张。
卷轴制作的课程，他当然也上了。 Of course, he also took a course in scroll making.
他为什么想做图书馆的副本任务，除了想快速提升玩家等级，还有就是想要充实自己的百科全书。
The reason why he wants to do the library's quest is not only to quickly increase the player's level, but also to enrich his encyclopedia.
既然是百科，那卷轴的相关知识肯定也不能放过。 Since it is an encyclopedia, the relevant knowledge of the scroll must not be let go.
这些可都是不用学分就能看到的书籍，如果是在正世界的图书馆里，这些专业书籍每本都需要相应学分。但在这里，只要他能完成相关任务，就能免费看。
These are all books that can be seen without credits, and if you are in the library of the Positive World, each of these professional books requires corresponding credits. But here, as long as he can complete the relevant tasks, he can watch it for free.
王叶一边猜测俊美魔法师身份，一边走到书桌前。 Wang Ye guessed the identity of the handsome magician as he walked to the desk.
“要制作什么卷轴？跟刚才一样的吗？”王叶转头问。 "What scroll to make? Is it the same as before? Wang Ye turned his head and asked.
“你是风系魔法师？”对方问。 "You're a wind mage?" The other party asked.
王叶摇头。 Wang Ye shook his head.
“哦？那你怎么会制作旋风飞刃卷轴？”俊美魔法师似乎对这个问题的答案很感兴趣。
"Oh? Then how did you come to make a Whirlwind Blade Scroll? The handsome magician seemed interested in the answer to this question.
王叶如实回答：“卷轴制作用的是魔纹和魔法符号，只要掌握这两者以及卷轴的制作规则，任何种类的魔法都能在卷轴上实现。”
Wang Ye replied truthfully: "The scroll is made with magic patterns and magic symbols, as long as you master these two and the rules of scroll making, any kind of magic can be realized on the scroll." ”
“这个道理谁都知道，但真正制作卷轴时，通常自己擅长什么魔法，才可能制作出相关魔法的卷轴。”俊美魔法师打量王叶：“你擅长什么魔法？”
"Everyone knows this truth, but when you actually make scrolls, you usually have what kind of magic you are good at, so you can make scrolls with related magic." The handsome magician looked at Wang Ye: "What kind of magic are you good at?" ”
王叶避开这个问题，说道：“就算有所偏重，专业卷轴制作师理论上也应该什么卷轴都能制作。”
Wang Ye avoided this question and said, "Even if it is a bit biased, a professional scroll maker should theoretically be able to make any scroll. ”
俊美魔法师笑：“你也说了是理论上。行了，我也不问你最擅长什么魔法，你就制作你最擅长的卷轴给我看看。”
The handsome magician smiled: "You also said that it was theoretical. Alright, I don't ask you what magic you're best at, you can make the scroll you're best at and show me. ”
“有奖励吗？”王叶眨眼。 "Is there a reward?" Wang Ye blinked.
俊美魔法师：“有，我的指点。你虽然制作了一张卷轴，但你应该是自己摸索着做出来，犯了一些小错误，虽然不严重，但如果不能及时纠正，将来你制作中高级卷轴就会经常失败。”
Handsome Magician: "Yes, my advice." Although you made a scroll, you should have made it yourself and made some small mistakes, although it is not serious, but if you can't correct it in time, you will often fail to make medium and high-level scrolls in the future. ”
换言之，王叶的卷轴制作让人一看就知道是业余的。 In other words, Wang Ye's scroll making makes people know that it is amateurish at a glance.
王叶一听有人愿意指点他，那还有什么不同意的，立刻就拿起桌上的卷轴制作专用魔法笔，吸了卷轴专用墨水，开始制作卷轴。
As soon as Wang Ye heard that someone was willing to guide him, what else did he disagree with, so he immediately picked up the special magic pen for scroll making on the table, sucked the special ink for scrolls, and began to make scrolls.
他没什么最擅长制作的卷轴，课堂上，教授让他们制作什么卷轴，他就照样制作，回来练习也多是课堂上学习的。
He didn't have any scrolls that he was best at making, and in class, he would make any scrolls that the professor asked them to make, and he would come back and practice mostly in class.
现在他在制作的就是卷轴大课教授教导的“暴雨袭击”卷轴，等级一级。
Now what he is making is the "Storm Attack" scroll taught by the professor of the scroll class, level 1.
等王叶落下最后一笔，俊美魔法师才问道：“教你卷轴制作的教授是不是叫炉箭？”
Waiting for Wang Ye to make the last stroke, the handsome magician asked, "Is the professor who taught you how to make scrolls called furnace arrows?" ”
“对，就是这位教授。” "Yes, that's the professor."
“我猜就是他。”俊美魔法师长得好看，说话却不太客气：“我还以为这家伙早就被学校开除，没想到他依然留在学校误人子弟。”
"I guess it's him." The handsome magician is good-looking, but he doesn't speak very politely: "I thought this guy would have been expelled from school a long time ago, but I didn't expect him to stay in school and mislead people." ”
王叶深以为然地点头。这个炉箭教授，他已经不是第一次怀疑对方是不是在学校有很大的靠山，否则也不可能讲课讲成那样竟然还能留下来继续教学。
Wang Yeshen nodded approvingly. This is not the first time that Professor Furnace Arrow has doubted whether the other party has a great backer in the school, otherwise it would be impossible for him to stay and continue teaching after the lecture is like that.
讲真，如果不是他头脑还算不错，且有很强的药学基础，对其他各科知识也都略微了解一点，加上他还能自己看书琢磨，如果只上这位炉箭教授的课，他怀疑自己可能到现在一张卷轴都制作不出来。
To tell the truth, if it weren't for the fact that he had a good mind, a strong foundation in pharmacy, a little knowledge of other subjects, and the fact that he could read books and ponder on his own, if he only took the class of this furnace arrow professor, he suspected that he might not be able to make a scroll by now.
据说，卷轴基础制作课因为报的人多，被分成了三个大班，按照各学院一到三班、四到六班、七到九班这样分。
It is said that because of the large number of applicants, the basic scroll making course was divided into three large classes, according to the first to third classes, four to six classes, and seven to nine classes of each college.
卷轴大课属于基础课程，其他学院的学生也可以选择，所以这种大课通常都是魔法卷轴学院的学生和其他学院的学生一起上。
The Scroll Lesson is a basic course that students from other houses can also choose, so this kind of Magic Scroll Academy students usually take it with students from other houses.
可能炉箭教授很不情愿被分来教导差班的学生吧，上课才会那么心不在焉，每次都是匆匆来去，有学生求指点，对方也是一脸不耐烦的样子。
Maybe Professor Furnace Arrow is very reluctant to be assigned to teach the students in the poor class, so he will be so absent-minded in class, every time he comes and goes in a hurry, some students ask for guidance, and the other party also looks impatient.
“您也是学校的教授吗？”王叶满心好奇地问。 "Are you also a professor at the school?" Wang Ye asked curiously.
俊美魔法师见王叶认可了他的说法，嘴唇弯了弯：“我不算教授。”
Seeing that Wang Ye agreed with his statement, the handsome magician curled his lips: "I'm not a professor." ”
俊美魔法师显然无意多说自己的身份，他指着卷轴说道：“你这里和这里都画错了，正确的应该是这样。”
The handsome magician obviously didn't want to say much about his identity, he pointed to the scroll and said, "You have drawn the wrong here and here, and the correct one should be this." ”
俊美魔法师随手就把已经绘制好的卷轴给修改了。 The handsome magician casually modified the scroll that had already been drawn.
王叶看得暗暗咋舌。 Wang Ye was secretly stunned.
弄废一张已经制作成功的卷轴不算本事，但能在一张已经制作成功的卷轴上进行修改，还能保证卷轴依然有效，这绝不是普通人能做到的。
It's not a skill to scrap a scroll that has already been made, but it is not something that ordinary people can do to modify a scroll that has already been made and still make sure that the scroll is still valid.
“你这张卷轴原本不会制作成功，但你精神力一定非常强大，才能在绘制过程中一直保持让精神力疏通魔力，最后竟然无视两个错误点，强行打通了能量路线。你明白我的意思吗？”
"Your scroll would not have been successfully made, but your mental power must be very strong, so that you can keep your mental power to dredge the magic during the drawing process, and in the end, you ignored two wrong points and forcibly opened up the energy route. Do you understand what I mean? ”
王叶盯着俊美魔法师指出的地方，陷入思考。 Wang Ye stared at the place pointed out by the handsome magician, and fell into thought.
“我明白了！您是说我已经本能意识到这种结构不对，所以我的精神力就按照我的设想，在原本的结构中另辟蹊径，所以实际上这张卷轴之所以能制作成功，是因为我开辟了一条看不见的新能量路线？”
"I see! Are you saying that I have instinctively realized that this structure is wrong, so my mental power has found a new way in the original structure according to my vision, so in fact, the reason why this scroll was successful was because I opened up a new invisible energy route? ”
“没错。”俊美魔法师之所以现身，就是因为他看到小孩明明制作的是一张无效卷轴，偏偏他竟然用那张卷轴打败了冒出来的考验用小怪，而且卷轴发出的风刃威力一点都不像是一级卷轴，反而像是二级。
"That's right." The reason why the handsome magician appeared was because he saw that the child had obviously made an invalid scroll, but he actually used that scroll to defeat the test mob that came out, and the power of the wind blade emitted by the scroll was not like a first-level scroll at all, but like a second-level scroll.
俊美魔法师怎么都想不通这点，才会出面让王叶再制作一张卷轴。
The handsome magician couldn't figure this out, so he came forward to ask Wang Ye to make another scroll.
这次他就站在王叶身边，王叶制作卷轴时的魔力和精神力涌动，他都有所感知，再根据王叶制作出来的卷轴，他很快就发现了问题所在。
This time he was standing beside Wang Ye, and he felt the surging magic and spiritual power when Wang Ye made the scroll, and then according to the scroll made by Wang Ye, he quickly discovered the problem.
这让他对这个小孩更加感兴趣。 This made him even more interested in the little kid.
如果只是一次，还可以说这小孩是误打误撞，可连续两次都能利用自己的精神力本能地修改错误的卷轴构成，这小孩在卷轴方面的天赋简直就是老天爷赏饭吃。
If it's just once, it can be said that this kid is by mistake, but twice in a row he can use his mental power to instinctively modify the wrong scroll composition, this kid's talent in scrolls is simply God's appreciation.
为了确认这点，俊美魔法师手一挥，桌面上再次出现一张新的空白卷轴。
To confirm this, the handsome magician waved his hand, and a new blank scroll appeared on the table again.
“你再制作一张。” "You make another one."
“好！”这次王叶没有再问有没有好处，这位俊美魔法师明显是想指点他，他傻了才会放过这样的好机会。
"Good!" This time, Wang Ye didn't ask if there was any benefit, this handsome magician obviously wanted to guide him, he would be stupid to let go of such a good opportunity.
当王叶连续制作出五张不同的一级卷轴，俊美魔法师已经确定，这个小孩确实对卷轴制作有着天生的敏锐性。
When Wang Ye made five different first-level scrolls in a row, the handsome magician had already determined that this child did indeed have a natural acumen for scroll making.
“炉箭那家伙教学生真的是越来越粗糙，这些需要明确说明的地方，他都不说的吗？这都是最基础的知识，就算犯错也不应该在这些地方。炉箭这已经不是误人子弟，他教课压根就是在敷衍了事吧。”俊美魔法师很生气。
"That guy is really getting rougher and rougher in teaching students, and he doesn't say anything about these things that need to be clearly explained? This is all basic knowledge, and even if you make a mistake, you shouldn't be in these places. This is no longer a mistaken child, he is teaching a perfunctory thing at all. "The handsome magician was angry.
王叶想到课堂上那位炉箭教授只会骂他们蠢笨，让他们自己看书，说他们资质低下，一辈子都不一定能制作出一张一级卷轴，而学生们都信以为真，因为课堂上能当堂制作出卷轴的学生真的极少，能成功制作出卷轴的都是原本就有基础的。原来是因为这位教授自己就没教好吗？
Wang Ye thought that the professor of furnace arrows in the classroom would only scold them for being stupid and let them read books by themselves, saying that they had low qualifications and might not be able to make a first-class scroll in their lifetime, but the students believed it, because there were really very few students who could make scrolls in class, and those who could successfully make scrolls were all originally foundational. Is it because the professor himself didn't teach well?
王叶敢发誓，他学得绝对认真，只要是教授说的内容，他都记下来了，所以不可能是他记错。
Wang Ye dared to swear that he studied absolutely seriously, as long as it was what the professor said, he memorized everything, so it was impossible for him to remember it wrong.
他在课堂上也没有一次制作成功，都是回来后他自己琢磨，感到有什么地方不对，然后再制作时就能莫名其妙地制作成功了。
He didn't succeed in the class once, but when he came back, he figured out what was wrong, and when he made it again, he was inexplicably successful.
真的是从头到尾都是稀里糊涂。 It's really confusing from start to finish.
直到现在被俊美魔法师指明，他才知道自己感到不对的地方到底在哪里，又是怎样被他制作成功的。
It wasn't until now that he was pointed out by the handsome magician that he knew what he felt was wrong and how he succeeded in making it.
俊美魔法师又指点王叶这几张卷轴错在什么地方。 The handsome magician pointed out where Wang Ye's scrolls were wrong.
王叶反应很快，几乎只要俊美魔法师一说，下次制作他就不会再犯同样的错误。
Wang Ye reacted quickly, almost as soon as the handsome magician said it, he would not make the same mistake again next time he made it.
老师最喜欢什么样的学生？ What kind of students do teachers like the most?
当然是这种一教就会，还能举一反三的。 Of course, this kind of teaching will be able to draw inferences from others.
这种学生教起来轻松，还特别有成就感。 This kind of student is easy to teach and has a great sense of achievement.
俊美魔法师一开始只是想指点几个错误，到后来王叶询问他其他卷轴制作相关的问题，他也回答了。
At first, the handsome magician just wanted to point out a few mistakes, but later Wang Ye asked him other questions about scroll making, and he also answered.
再到后面，就越说越多。 And then to the back, the more you talk.
俊美魔法师说得兴起，甚至拿出基础魔纹和魔法符号，以及卷轴结构基础学，开始跟王叶从头讲解，这是要把他错误的基础都给纠正过来。
The handsome magician spoke very well, and even took out the basic magic patterns and magic symbols, as well as the basics of the scroll structure, and began to explain to Wang Ye from the beginning, this is to correct his wrong foundation.
王叶高兴坏了，连虫巢都不回去了，就吃住在这间阅览室，埋头跟俊美魔法师学习卷轴相关知识。
Wang Ye was so happy that he didn't even go back to the hive, so he ate and lived in this reading room, and buried himself in learning about scrolls from the handsome magician.
俊美魔法师也奇怪，他不说自己的身份，也不问王叶的姓名来历，也不求王叶回报，就一心给王叶上课。
The handsome magician was also strange, he didn't tell his identity, didn't ask Wang Ye's name and origin, and didn't ask Wang Ye for anything in return, so he gave Wang Ye a lesson.
王叶这个人，那是典型的别人对他好三分，他就想要回报六分的人。
Wang Ye is a typical person who is good to him for three points, and he wants to repay six points.
俊美魔法师越是对他没有要求，他越是想要回报俊美魔法师。
The more the handsome magician doesn't demand anything from him, the more he wants to repay the handsome magician.
因为对这位魔法师的仔细观察，王叶终于发现了一丝异样。
Because of the careful observation of this magician, Wang Ye finally noticed something unusual.
这位俊美魔法师每次来去似乎都是从一个书架后面消失。
The handsome magician seemed to disappear from behind a bookshelf every time he came and went.
王叶等到俊美魔法师再一次消失不见，跳起来跑到了那个书架后。
Wang Ye waited until the handsome magician disappeared again, jumped up and ran behind the bookshelf.
这间阅览室不大，看起来更像是一位教授的书房，只不过里面看不到什么私人物品。
The reading room was small, and looked more like a professor's study, except that there were no personal belongings in sight.
王叶盯着书架和墙壁之间的缝隙……根本没有缝隙，书架和墙壁贴的严丝合缝。
Wang Ye stared at the gap between the bookshelf and the wall...... There are no gaps at all, and the bookshelves and walls are seamless.
可王叶会是这么容易放弃的人吗？ But will Wang Ye be the one who gives up so easily?
既然那位俊美魔法师敢当着他的面这样消失，并且没有隐藏踪迹的意思，他就不信对方没有猜到他会来研究这个书架。
Since the handsome magician dared to disappear in front of him, and had no intention of hiding his traces, he didn't believe that the other party had not guessed that he would come to study the bookshelf.
所以这里会有一个隐藏任务吗？ So there will be a hidden mission here?
比如俊美魔法师被某个大魔王囚禁在图书馆密室，只等着有缘人去拯救他？王叶兴致勃勃地想。
For example, a handsome magician is imprisoned in the secret room of the library by a certain great demon king, just waiting for someone to save him? Wang Ye thought with great interest.
王叶一点点检查书架和墙壁之间，想要找到一丝缝隙，肉眼看不见，他就用精神力搜索。
Wang Ye checked the bookshelves and the walls little by little, wanting to find a gap that was invisible to the naked eye, so he searched with his spiritual power.
可是什么异常都没发现，就像这书架长在了墙壁上。 But nothing was out of the ordinary, like the bookshelf was growing on the wall.
王叶不信邪，他把书架里的书籍全都拿出来，敲打书架背部。
Wang Ye didn't believe in evil, he took out all the books in the bookshelf and knocked on the back of the bookshelf.
咚！王叶在敲打到书架顶端那块板子时，感到了异样。 Boom! Wang Ye felt something strange when he knocked on the board at the top of the bookshelf.
他踩在凳子上来回摸索，发现书架顶板有一段摸起来不像是木板。
He fumbled back and forth on the stool, and found that there was a section on the top of the bookshelf that didn't feel like a wooden board.
王叶干脆爬上书架，把脑袋伸到书架里面看。 Wang Ye simply climbed onto the bookshelf and put his head into the bookshelf to look.
然后他看到了一幅被反过来贴合在顶板上的木框画。 Then he saw a wood-framed painting that had been upside down and attached to the top panel.
木框画被人用钉子钉在了书架顶板上，王叶考虑一秒，就拿出工具开始起钉子。
The wooden-framed painting was nailed to the top of the bookshelf, and Wang Ye thought about it for a second, then took out his tools and began to nail them.
一共十二枚钉子全都被他起出，画板落下。 A total of twelve nails were lifted by him, and the drawing board fell.
王叶接住画板，反过来一看。 Wang Ye grabbed the drawing board and looked at it in reverse.
这是一幅人物肖像画，画的是一名男魔法师的背影。 It is a portrait of a male magician.
虽然只是背影，但任何看到这幅画的人都会想到一个词“风华绝代”，那身姿只是站在那里，就充满了说不出的魅力。
Although it is only the back, anyone who sees this painting will think of the word "elegance peerless", and the figure is full of indescribable charm just standing there.
王叶对这个背影眼熟得不得了，当他看到背影魔法师袖口的纹路时，他几乎可以确定这个背影画的就是这段时间一直细心指点他的俊美魔法师。
Wang Ye was very familiar with this back, and when he saw the lines on the cuffs of the back magician, he was almost sure that this back was painted by the handsome magician who had been carefully guiding him during this time.
是什么人把那位魔法师的肖像画钉在了书架顶板上？ Who nailed the magician's portrait to the top of the bookshelf?
又为什么这样做？ And why?
而那位俊美魔法师为什么每次消失都是消失在这个书架和墙壁间？
And why did the handsome magician disappear between the bookshelf and the wall every time he disappeared?
王叶把书架里的书籍全都回归原位，拿着那副背影肖像画回了虫巢。
Wang Ye returned all the books in the bookshelf to their original places, and took the back portrait back to the insect nest.
肖像画没有消失。 Portraiture did not disappear.
这表示这是可以带出副本的东西。 This means that this is something that can be brought out of the copy.
可奇妙的是肖像画中的背影消失了。 Amazingly, the back in the portrait disappears.
王叶再回到那间阅览室，就再也没有见到那位俊美魔法师。
When Wang Ye returned to the reading room, he never saw the handsome magician again.
王叶也不知道自己拿走那副肖像画是对是错，但从阅览室中又多出部分卷轴相关知识这点来看，他应该是做对了？
Wang Ye didn't know if it was right or wrong for him to take the portrait, but judging from the fact that there were some more scroll-related knowledge in the reading room, he should have done it right?
外面，很多人都在找王叶，有人想找王叶购买极品药剂，有的是好奇这个能炼制三级极品药剂的新生长什么样，还有人想要挑战王叶或请教王叶……
Outside, many people are looking for Wang Ye, some people want to find Wang Ye to buy the best elixir, some are curious about what the new growth of this can refine the third-level best elixir, and some people want to challenge Wang Ye or ask Wang Ye for advice......
总之，找王叶的人各种目的都有。 In short, the people who are looking for Wang Ye have various purposes.
但王叶这段时间钻在副本图书馆里不出来，除了雷木和虫老知道他在什么地方，其他人都不知道他跑哪儿去了。这点倒是让他避过了很多有的没的麻烦。
But Wang Ye didn't come out of the copy library during this time, except for Lei Mu and Worm Lao who knew where he was, everyone else didn't know where he went. This has allowed him to avoid a lot of troubles.
学校对于学生缺课管得不严，魔法学校有点像是地球的大学，都是你考进来后，学不学就完全看你自己的教学方式。
The school is not strict about students' absences, and the magic school is a bit like a university on the earth, after you are admitted, it depends entirely on your own teaching style whether you learn or not.
所以王叶不去上课，教授们也没多问。 So Wang Ye didn't go to class, and the professors didn't ask much.
虫老知道王叶触发了图书馆历练幻境，还很为这个小弟子高兴，大手一挥就让他在幻境中好好历练，争取多占点便宜……咳，多看点书。
The insect elder knew that Wang Ye had triggered the library experience illusion, and he was very happy for this little disciple, so with a wave of his hand, he let him practice well in the illusion and strive to take advantage of it...... Ahem, read more books.
虫老还点名让王叶帮他找一本书，能找到最好，找不到也无所谓。
The worm elder also asked Wang Ye to help him find a book, he could find the best, and it didn't matter if he couldn't find it.
魔药学院的那位大课教授等了又等，每次来上课都会问王叶在不在，结果王叶一堂课都没来。
The big professor at the Potions Academy waited and waited, and every time he came to class, he would ask if Wang Ye was there, but Wang Ye didn't come to a class.
大课教授见王叶也没有回复他的信件，他就忍不住跟其他魔药教授抱怨了这件事，说王叶这学生有点飘了，炼制出三级药剂竟然就不来上课。他没好意思说自己想收王叶为弟子，但王叶没反应的事。
Seeing that Wang Ye didn't reply to his letter, the professor couldn't help but complain about it to the other Potions professors, saying that Wang Ye, a student, was a little floating, and he didn't come to class after refining a third-level potion. He was embarrassed to say that he wanted to accept Wang Ye as a disciple, but Wang Ye didn't react.
然后这位教授就从好友那里听到了一件事。 Then the professor heard something from a friend.
“你说那学生中了摧毁资质的千木之毒？” "You said that student was poisoned by a thousand trees that destroyed his qualifications?"
“对。学校几个教授都在想办法，但到现在都毫无头绪。否则你以为那样一个小天才怎么会被放在杂学院的九班？你以为就你一个人眼馋他？”
"Yes. Several professors at the school were trying to figure out a solution, but they still had no clue. Otherwise, how do you think such a small genius could be placed in Class Nine of the Miscellaneous Academy? Do you think you're the only one who covets him? ”
“我知道他中毒的事，他有段时间整个人都变成了青黑色，但后来他又恢复了。那就是千木之毒的反应？”
"I know about his poisoning, he turned blue-black for a while, but then he recovered. That's the reaction of the poison of a thousand trees? ”
“我们也没看过中过千木之毒的人都是什么样子，不过据说他的千木之毒能压下去似乎与药园后山的某位大佬有关。”
"We haven't seen what people who have been poisoned by the Thousand Trees look like, but it is said that his Thousand Trees Poison can be suppressed and seems to be related to a certain big man in the mountain behind the medicine garden."
“哦？这学生运气不错啊。” "Oh? This student is in good luck. ”
“是啊，但院长很肯定那小孩的千木之毒还是没能解决，院长应该是从那位大佬处得到了确定消息。”
"Yes, but the dean is very sure that the kid's Thousand Wood Poison has not been resolved, and the dean should have gotten the news from the big guy."
“可惜了……”大课教授叹息。 "It's a pity......," the professor sighed.
自此，这位魔药教授再上课时就再也没有点过王叶的名字，不过王叶自第一次缺席后也没再来上过这门大课。
Since then, the Potions professor has never called Wang Ye's name in another class, but Wang Ye has not taken this big class since his first absence.
卷轴大课教导六到九班的教授无声无息地换了人，据说原来那位炉箭教授因为家中有事，办了离职。
The professors who taught classes 6 to 9 in the scroll class were silently replaced, and it is said that the original professor of the furnace arrow left his job because of family affairs.
上炉箭教授大课的学生都十分高兴，没想到教授还能更换，而且新来的教授的讲课比炉箭教授好得不是一回事，关键是这位教授真的长得太好看了！
The students who took the lecture were very happy, they didn't expect the professor to be replaced, and the new professor's lectures were too good to be better than the professor of the furnace arrow, the key is that the professor is really good-looking!
卷轴大课新教授一亮相，就在整个学校引起轰动。 As soon as the new professor of the Scroll Lesson appeared, it caused a sensation throughout the school.
实在是大家都极少看到这样俊美的教授。 It's really rare for everyone to see such a handsome professor.
不，应该说他们就没见过几个有比这位教授长得更好看的人。
No, it should be said that they have never seen a few people who look better than this professor.
一时，六到九班的卷轴大课学生受到了其他班级学生的强烈妒忌，如果不是怕得罪自己的教授，这些学生早就嚷嚷让那位俊美教授也教导他们了。
For a while, the students of the scroll class in classes six to nine were strongly jealous of the students in the other classes, and if it weren't for the fear of offending their professor, these students would have shouted for the handsome professor to teach them too.
王叶在课堂上看到这位教授时，惊得下巴颌都掉到了桌子上。
When Wang Ye saw the professor in class, he was so shocked that his jaw fell on the table.
画中人出现了！ The man in the painting has appeared!
俊美的教授一边讲授魔纹的基础知识，一边走过王叶身边。
The handsome professor walked past Wang Ye while teaching the basics of the magic pattern.
王叶就听到耳中飘来一段很小声但能让他清楚听到的话：“下课后在外面等我。”
Wang Ye heard a whisper floating in his ear, but he could hear it clearly: "Wait for me outside after class." ”
这次下课，王叶没有像往常一样迅速奔走，而是放慢脚步走在魔法卷轴学院的林荫路上。
After class this time, Wang Ye did not run as fast as usual, but slowed down and walked on the boulevard of the Magic Scroll Academy.
魔法卷轴的大课当然都是在魔法卷轴学院上。 Of course, the big classes of the Magic Scrolls are all in the Magic Scrolls Academy.
俊美教授大概被学生缠住，过了好一会儿才脱身出来。 Professor Toshimi was probably entangled by the students, and it took a while for him to get out.
“兰道教授。”王叶从其他学生口中知道了这位教授的姓名。
"Professor Landau." Wang Ye learned the professor's name from the other students.
兰道教授拍拍王叶的脑袋：“我知道你有很多疑问，不过有些事不该是你知道的，你只要知道我现在是你的教授就好。”
Professor Landau patted Wang Ye's head: "I know you have a lot of questions, but there are some things that you shouldn't know, you just need to know that I am your professor now." ”
王叶：好吧，知道学校秘密多，你不说就不说。 Wang Ye: Okay, I know that there are many secrets in the school, so if you don't say it, you won't tell it.
兰道教授看小孩那副无所谓的表情，忍不住又拍拍他的头：“我应该谢谢你，你把我从魔法中解救了出来。虽然不知道你是怎么做到的，但你让我获得自由也是事实。”
Professor Landau looked at the child's indifferent expression and couldn't help but pat him on the head again: "I should thank you for saving me from magic." I don't know how you did it, but it's true that you set me free. ”
王叶……目瞪口呆中。 Wang Ye...... Dumbfounded.
这种传说类的事情竟然会给他碰上？ This kind of legendary thing would happen to him?
如果这位是女性的话，那么接下来是不是就说要嫁给他了？
If this is a woman, then the next thing is to say that you want to marry him?
“这是报名表，你填写一下，填好后交给我。”兰道教授忽然拿出一张卷轴塞给王叶。
"This is the registration form, you fill it out, fill it out and give it to me." Professor Landau suddenly took out a scroll and stuffed it to Wang Ye.
“什么报名表？”王叶迅速收起胡思乱想，低头，打开卷轴。
"What registration form?" Wang Ye quickly put away his thoughts, lowered his head, and opened the scroll.
就见卷轴最上方写着“第2100届双月星魔法学校学生大赛报名表”。
At the top of the scroll is written "2100th Double Moon Star School of Magic Student Contest Registration Form".
王叶：“……你想让我报名参加卷轴专业比赛？” Wang Ye: "...... Do you want me to sign up for the Reel Pro Competition? ”
兰道教授微笑：“没错。现在不少人都知道我已经出现，你作为我的学生，必须在这场比赛上露个脸。”
Professor Landau smiled, "That's right. Now a lot of people know that I've shown up, and you, as my student, have to show your face in this game. ”
“啊？为啥？” "Huh? Why? ”
“当然是大家都想当我的弟子。我不出现就算了，一出现，就有人想要拼命塞学生给我。而我早就放出话，这辈子只会收一名弟子，一旦定下就不会再更改。”
"Of course, everyone wants to be my disciple. If I don't show up, forget it, as soon as I do, someone will try to desperately stuff the students to me. And I have already released my words that I will only accept one disciple in this life, and once it is decided, it will not be changed. ”
王叶指指自己的鼻子，“您说我就是您那唯一的弟子？”
Wang Ye pointed to his nose, "You say I'm your only disciple?" ”
“难道你认为你不是？”兰道教授唇边勾起美艳到让人窒息的笑容：“我已经对外放出话。你是我弟子这点已成事实，就算你死了，也是我的弟子。哦，我还能跟别人说，因为我这个弟子太好太天才，他死了我很伤心，就不更愿意收其他弟子。”
"Don't you think you're not?" Professor Landau's lips curled into a suffocating smile: "I've already spoken to the outside world. The fact that you are my disciple is a fact, and even if you die, you are still my disciple. Oh, I can still tell others, because my disciple is so good and genius, and I am very sad that he died, so I am not more willing to accept other disciples. ”
还不想死的王叶：“……您之前明明很温柔。” Wang Ye, who didn't want to die yet: "...... You were very gentle before. ”
兰道教授微笑：“我现在以及将来也可以很温柔。” Professor Landau smiled, "I can be gentle now and in the future. ”
王叶打了个寒颤，他的运气在某种层面上确实很不错，但为什么他的老师都好像有那么一点性格上的问题？
Wang Ye shuddered, his luck was indeed very good on a certain level, but why did his teachers seem to have a little personality problem?
“我有师父了。”王叶艰难地道。 "I have a master." Wang Ye said with difficulty.
“……我知道你和那只老虫子也有关系。但他能教你的只有魔药和怎么玩虫子。我教你的是卷轴制作，根本不相干。难道你不想学卷轴制作？”
“…… I know you're related to that old bug too. But all he can teach you is potions and how to play bugs. What I'm teaching you is scroll making, and it's not related at all. Don't you want to learn how to make scrolls? ”
王叶摸摸鼻子，这位大美人教授实在太知道他的弱点在什么地方了。他当然想学，偏偏这位又真的教得很好。
Wang Ye touched his nose, this great beauty professor really knew too well where his weaknesses were. Of course he wanted to learn, but this one really taught well.
第156章 兰道的仇人 Chapter 156: Landau's Enemy
见王叶貌似默认了两人的师徒关系，大美人兰道教授这才满心怜爱地摸了摸了徒弟的狗头：“今年是个关键年，相信我，参加这次大赛对你只有好处没有坏处。当然你也要取得一个好名次才行。”
Seeing that Wang Ye seemed to acquiesce in the master-apprentice relationship between the two, the great beauty Professor Landau touched the apprentice's head with pity: "This year is a critical year, believe me, participating in this competition is only good for you, no harm." Of course, you also need to get a good ranking. ”
王叶正要询问有什么好处。 Wang Ye was about to ask what the benefits were.
兰道教授像是知道他在想什么一样，道：“想知道具体有什么好处，等你拿到卷轴制作前三名再说，名次越高，好处越多。这个好处，我指的可不是大赛固有的奖品。”
As if he knew what he was thinking, Professor Landau said, "If you want to know what the specific benefits are, wait until you get the top three scroll makers, the higher the ranking, the more benefits." I don't mean the prize inherent in the competition. ”
王叶头疼：“教授，您好像忘了我学习卷轴制作也没多久。”
Wang Ye had a headache: "Professor, you seem to have forgotten that I haven't been learning scroll making for a long time." ”
“那不是问题，我会送你进入一个特别的幻境，那里时间流速不一样，但那个幻境除非是对学校有大功劳的人，否则不得进入。能让你进去，用的是我的面子和我的学校积分。如果你浪费在里面的时间，出来还不能达到我的要求……”
"That's not a problem, I'll send you into a special illusion where time doesn't flow at the same rate, but that illusion isn't allowed unless it's someone who has done a lot of credit to the school. I can let you in, with my face and my school points. If you waste your time inside, you can't come out to meet my requirements......"
大美人教授给了王叶一个你自己知道后果的魔性微笑。 The Great Beauty Professor gave Wang Ye a demonic smile that you yourself know the consequences.
王叶一听竟然能进入那么一个特别的幻境学习，什么顾忌和担忧都抛到了脑后：“我保证不会浪费一滴时间！”
When Wang Ye heard that he could enter such a special illusion to study, all his scruples and worries were left behind: "I promise not to waste a drop of time!" ”
兰道叮嘱王叶不要这个特殊幻境的事说出去，让他把报名表当天填好，再准备一下，明天就进入那个幻境。
Landau told Wang Ye not to talk about this special illusion, and asked him to fill out the registration form on the same day, prepare again, and enter that illusion tomorrow.
王叶不知道兰道为他申请到这个时间修炼室的资格，付出了不小的代价。
Wang Ye didn't know that Lan Dao had paid a lot of price for him to apply for the qualification to enter this time cultivation room.
而兰道之所以愿意付出这个代价，除了王叶确实救了他，把他从囚禁魔画中释放出来，他想要回馈这份恩情以外，也是因为他十分看重王叶在卷轴制作方面的天赋。
And the reason why Lan Dao was willing to pay this price was not only because Wang Ye did save him and released him from the imprisoned magic painting, but also because he valued Wang Ye's talent in scroll making very much.
普通天才学习卷轴制作，就算进入那个时间修炼室，在掌握二级卷轴的基础上，一个月后出来也顶多达到三级水准。
Ordinary geniuses learn scroll making, even if they enter the cultivation room at that time, on the basis of mastering the second-level scrolls, they will come out in a month at most to reach the third-level level.
现在陨星魔法卷轴学院的学生，不看低年级，只看高年级，平均也就是制作二级到三级卷轴的水平。
Now the students of the Falling Star Magic Scroll Academy do not look at the lower grades, but only the upper grades, and the average is the level of making second- to third-level scrolls.
可兰道不认为把一些能制作三级作品的学生送入时间修炼室就能让他们在短短一个月内（正世界时间）就能突破三级达到四级，有时候有些研究真的不是有时间积累就够，还需要足够的天赋和专业敏感性。
Ke Landau didn't think that sending some students who could make third-level works into the Time Cultivation Room would allow them to break through Level 3 and reach Level 4 in just one month (Positive World Time), sometimes some research really doesn't have time to accumulate enough, and it also requires enough talent and professional sensitivity.
无论是制药、炼金还是卷轴制作，包括其他技术类，三级到四级都是一个分水岭。
Whether it's pharmaceutical, alchemy, or scroll making, including other technical classes, levels 3 to 4 are a watershed.
如果把一级到三级看成初级水平，四级到六级就是中级，七级到九级就是高级，而十级则是特级。
If you think of levels 1 to 3 as beginner, levels 4 to 6 are intermediate, levels 7 to 9 are advanced, and level 10 is extra.
学校培养学生，如果是专业学院，毕业时能制作出三级作品就算合格，能制作出四级作品的就算优秀。
The school trains students, and if it is a professional college, if you can produce a third-level work when you graduate, you will be considered qualified, and if you can produce a fourth-level work, you will be considered excellent.
比如很多高级药师也不一定能炼制出三级魔法药剂。 For example, many high-level pharmacists may not be able to refine third-level magic potions.
在这里必须要说明一点，药师不一定就是魔法师和异术师，他们有的就是普通人，但普通人基本上达到高级药师就顶天，想要再往上走，就必须是超凡者，否则根本没办法处理那些带有丰富能量的药植。
但你想要炼制出三级魔法药剂，必定是初级魔法师以上。
而在学校，你能成为初级魔法师，都可以申请直接跳到高年级，如果能成为中级魔法师，那你就可以申请毕业了。
像是一年级就能炼制三级药剂的王叶和门德森之类的学生，在显示实力后一般都不会再按部就班地就读，他们要么直接跟随导师学习，要么就进入一个神秘的天才班。
学校这种场所主要还是培育普通学生，对于这些学生来说，三级作品就已经是天花板。
The school is mainly a place to cultivate ordinary students, and for these students, the third-level works are already the ceiling.
所以双月星各大魔法学校的学生专业大比，只要你能制作出三级上品作品，差不多就能挤入前十，能制作出四级，就有争夺前三的可能。
Therefore, the students of the major magic schools of the Double Moon Star are major, as long as you can produce a third-level top-grade work, you can almost squeeze into the top ten, and if you can make a fourth-level work, there is a possibility of competing for the top three.
但兰道巴巴地让王叶参加这次大比，可不是为了让他拿个前十就足够。
But Landau asked Wang Ye to participate in this big competition, not so that he could get the top ten.
要么不去，要去就要拿到前三名。 Either you don't go, or you have to get the top three.
那怎么才能让目前还只能制作二级卷轴的王叶能在一个月后的学校大比中拿到比较理想的名次？
So how can Wang Ye, who can only make second-level scrolls at present, get a more ideal ranking in the school competition in a month's time?
兰道就想到了学校最为特殊的一个幻境，时间修炼室。 Landau thought of one of the most special illusions in the school, the Time Cultivation Room.
他觉得王叶有能在一个月内突破的可能，三级不是梦想，四级也完全可以试一试。
He felt that Wang Ye had the possibility of breaking through within a month, the third level was not a dream, and the fourth level could also give it a try.
就是当他跟学校提出让王叶进入时间修炼室修炼时，学校竟然有不少大佬反对，反对的理由是王叶中了千木之毒，认为这个学生已经没有了培养价值。
It was when he proposed to the school to let Wang Ye enter the time cultivation room to cultivate, and there were many bigwigs in the school who objected, and the reason for the opposition was that Wang Ye had been poisoned by a thousand trees, thinking that this student had no cultivation value.
兰道见无法说服那些学校大佬，索性就用自己的积分给王叶换来了一个月的时间修炼室使用时间。
Lan Dao saw that he couldn't convince those school bosses, so he simply used his points to exchange Wang Ye for a month of time to use the cultivation room.
既然是兰道自己掏积分，其他大佬就算觉得这样很浪费，也没有话可说了。
Since Landau paid the points by himself, even if the other bigwigs felt that it was a waste, they had nothing to say.
王叶当即跑去炼金学院找雷木，把这个喜讯分享给了雷木。
Wang Ye immediately went to the Alchemy Academy to find Lei Mu and shared the good news with Lei Mu.
他答应兰道教授不会把这个特殊幻境的事告诉其他人，但雷木对他来说不是其他人，除了重生的秘密，他几乎没有什么事情会隐瞒雷木。
He promised Professor Landau that he wouldn't tell anyone else about this particular illusion, but Reimu was no one else to him, and he had little to hide from Reini except for the secret of rebirth.
雷木对于王叶能有这样的际遇也非常高兴，提醒他：“虽然不知道你要在里面待多久，但是不是要多准备一些材料？”
Lei Mu was also very happy that Wang Ye could have such an opportunity, and reminded him: "Although I don't know how long you have to stay inside, don't you need to prepare some more materials?" ”
王叶一想也是，顿时觉得腰包疼。 Wang Ye thought about it, and suddenly felt a pain in his waist.
只有半天和一个晚上时间，准备也准备不了多少。 There was only half a day and a night, and there was not much to prepare.
雷木道：“也不用太担心，幻境中你也可以使用空间吧？你到时候需要什么材料，写张纸条放在客厅里，我看到会给你准备好。”
Lei Mu said: "Don't worry too much, you can also use space in the illusion, right?" What materials do you need then, write a note and put it in the living room, I see it will be ready for you. ”
这就是雷木能无视距离自由进出虫巢的好处了。 That's the benefit of Thunderwood's ability to freely enter and exit the hive regardless of distance.
王叶一把抱住雷木，脑袋蹭蹭他的胃部……没办法，他现在身高就只有这么高：“木木，你真好~”
Wang Ye hugged Lei Mu and rubbed his head against his stomach...... There's no way, he's only so tall now: "Mumu, you're so nice~"
“另外，你最好把这事跟那位虫老也交代一下，这位兰道教授……出现得古怪，你看看虫老对他是否了解。”雷木又道。
"Besides, you'd better explain this to the worm elder as well, Professor Landau...... Appears strangely, you see if the worm knows about him. Lei Mu said again.
雷木并没有见过虫老，但他从小叶子和小树人口中听到不少关于这位虫老的事。
Lei Mu hadn't seen the insect elder, but he had heard a lot about the insect elder from the little leaves and the little tree.
小云特别喜欢虫老，因为虫老给他准备了很多好吃的虫子。
Xiaoyun especially likes Worm Lao, because Worm Elder has prepared a lot of delicious bugs for him.
小云以前还是一棵普通树的时候最讨厌虫子，也拿绝大多数的虫子无可奈何。但从虫老那里他了解到，原来树人也可以吃虫子。
Xiaoyun used to hate insects the most when he was an ordinary tree, and he was helpless against most of them. But from the worm elder, he learned that the tree people can also eat bugs.
而这点彻底打开了小云的新技能树…… And this completely opened up Xiaoyun's new skill tree......
王叶则表示出了对虫老的信任，这点可不容易。雷木很清楚小叶子其实是个很排外、很多疑的人，想要赢得他的信任和尊敬，可不是一件容易事。
Wang Ye expressed his trust in the insect elder, which is not easy. Lei Mu knew very well that Xiao Yezi was actually a very xenophobic and suspicious person, and it was not easy to win his trust and respect.
所以小叶子虽然经常在他面前叨咕老昆大哥就是个馋猫老头，不给好吃的就会用冷眼瞟他云云，但也就是这种念叨让雷木知道王叶对虫老其实挺喜欢的。
So although Xiao Yezi often muttered in front of him, Brother Kun was a gluttonous old man, and if he didn't give him something delicious, he would glance at him with cold eyes, but it was this kind of chatter that made Lei Mu know that Wang Ye actually liked the old worm.
要是不喜欢，小叶子才不会把自己亲手烹制的美食送给老头，还经常送。
If you don't like it, Xiao Yezi won't give the food she cooked by herself to the old man, and she often sends it.
如此，雷木对虫老的信任度可要比新冒出来的大美人教授高多了。
In this way, Lei Mu's trust in the insect elder is much higher than that of the newly emerged Great Beauty Professor.
王叶觉得雷木说得在理，虽然他觉得兰道教授对他没什么恶意，但打听一下这位大美人的底细还是有必要的，尤其是在这位大美人跟外界宣布两人的师徒关系后，他们已经是绑在一条绳子上的蚂蚱。
Wang Ye felt that Lei Mu was right, although he felt that Professor Landau had no ill will towards him, but it was still necessary to inquire about the details of this great beauty, especially after this great beauty announced the master-apprentice relationship between the two to the outside world, they were already grasshoppers tied to a rope.
药园后山。 The mountain behind the medicine garden.
虫老喝着王叶从地球买来的毛尖，张口就道：“一股子药味。”
The insect elder drank the tip of the hair that Wang Ye bought from the earth, and opened his mouth and said, "A smell of medicine." ”
王叶拉了拉嘴角：“我已经是挑得最好的了，其他茶叶药味更浓。”
Wang Ye pulled the corners of his mouth: "I have already picked the best, and the other teas have a stronger medicinal taste." ”
就这个，他还是好不容易在一堆标有“绝无农药残留”标签的茶叶中挑选出来的，据说还是出口茶叶，农药稍微超标就无法过关。
That's it, he still managed to pick out a bunch of tea labeled "no pesticide residues" label, it is said that it is still export tea, and the pesticide slightly exceeds the standard and cannot pass the customs.
但虫老的嘴巴显然比检测仪器还要精准，他喝了一口就把杯子里的茶水倒了，又往茶壶里丢了一点粉末。
But the worm man's mouth was obviously more accurate than the detection instrument, and he poured the tea from the cup with a sip, and threw a little powder into the teapot.
王叶半点没觉得尴尬，还很好奇地问：“您放的是什么？”
Wang Ye didn't feel embarrassed at all, and asked curiously, "What did you put it?" ”
“虫粉，可以去除你说的农药残留。如果在泡茶前放入茶叶，不要放水，把茶叶放置两分钟，那些农药和虫粉会自然消散。当然，直接放入茶壶冲水也可以，等上两三分钟也会挥发干净。”
"Insect powder, you can remove the pesticide residues you said. If you put the tea leaves in before brewing, do not put water, and leave the tea leaves for two minutes, those pesticides and insect powder will dissipate naturally. Of course, you can also put it directly into the teapot to flush, and it will volatilize after two or three minutes. ”
“哦？能给我一点吗？”王叶对这个能去除农药残留的虫粉大感兴趣。
"Oh? Can you give me some? Wang Ye was very interested in this insect meal, which can remove pesticide residues.
虫老随手就扔出一个小罐子，还附带一张配方：“早点学会制作，以后每年给我提供两罐。”
The worm elder casually threw out a small jar with a recipe: "Learn to make it early, and provide me with two cans every year in the future." ”
正好省得他自己做了。 It just saves him from doing it himself.
王叶浏览药方，判断应该是一份三级药方，当即笑嘻嘻地收下：“好啊，不过原材料您出。你徒弟我穷。”
Wang Ye browsed the prescription and judged that it should be a third-level prescription, and immediately accepted it with a smile: "Okay, but you can provide the raw materials." Your apprentice, I am poor. ”
虫老又用他标志性的冷漠阴森眼瞟王叶。 The insect elder glanced at Wang Ye with his trademark cold and gloomy eyes.
王叶半点不怂，还拿起虫老的茶壶给自己和虫老都倒了一杯茶水，尝了尝。
Wang Ye didn't hesitate at all, and picked up the old worm's teapot and poured a cup of tea for himself and the old worm, and tasted it.
咂咂嘴：“不错，还真的没有什么药味了，只留下茶水的清香和回甘。”
Smacking his lips: "Yes, there is really no medicinal taste, only the fragrance and sweetness of the tea are left." ”
“我已经听说了，兰道用自己的积分为你申请了时间修炼室一个月的使用资格。”虫老似乎早就猜到王叶来找他的目的。
"I've heard that Landau used his points to apply for you a one-month qualification to use the time cultivation room." The worm elder seemed to have guessed the purpose of Wang Ye's coming to him a long time ago.
“是啊，我都没想到我在副……幻境图书馆遇到的一个人竟然能真实出现在学校里。”王叶感叹。
"yes, I didn't even think I was in the ...... A person I met in the Fantasy Library was able to actually appear in the school. Wang Ye sighed.
虫老：“你都已经经历了一个试炼幻境，这有什么想不到的？”
Worm Boss: "You've already gone through a trial illusion, what's wrong with this?" ”
王叶：“不一样啊。那位他可是……从画中出来的。” Wang Ye: "It's different. That's ...... out of the painting. ”
王叶就源源本本把他遇到兰道教授的经过以及他要求自己参加卷轴比试的事说了一遍。
Wang Ye told him how he met Professor Landau and how he asked him to participate in the scroll competition.
虫老发出一声类似讽刺的笑声：“他对外宣布你是他弟子了？”
The worm elder let out a laugh similar to sarcasm: "He announced to the public that you are his disciple?" ”
王叶大胆地点头。 Wang Ye nodded boldly.
虫老脸色明显看着就不太好：“你同意了？” The old worm's face was obviously not very good: "You agree?" ”
王叶苦恼：“我不同意，他说不介意有个死掉的弟子。”
Wang Ye was distressed: "I don't agree, he said he doesn't mind having a dead disciple." ”
虫老冷哼，过了好一会才说道：“那家伙在卷轴制作上确实无人能及，你跟着他学习也不是什么坏处。”
The worm elder snorted coldly, and after a long while, he said, "That guy is really unsurpassed in scroll making, and it doesn't hurt for you to learn from him." ”
虫老忍不住，还是问道：“他真的认为你在卷轴制作上很有天赋？不是单纯为了报恩？”
Worm Lao couldn't help it, but still asked, "Does he really think you're very talented in scroll making?" Not just to repay the favor? ”
王叶摊手：“他就是这么说的。” Wang Ye spread his hands: "That's what he said." ”
虫老上下打量王小叶，就好像今天才认识他一样。 The insect elder looked Wang Xiaoye up and down, as if he had only known him today.
“真没看出你这个小混蛋有什么好的。”虫老想到那位培植专业·前药园副园长的副校长，就想皱眉。
"I really don't see anything good about you little bastard." Worm Lao thought of the vice principal of the former deputy director of the cultivation major, and he wanted to frown.
他还没有把这位副校长摆平，如果不是对方听说王叶中了千木之毒，那人早就冒头把王叶抢到培植学科一班去了。
He hadn't put this vice principal at level yet, if it weren't for the fact that the other party had heard that Wang Ye had been poisoned by a thousand trees, that person would have taken the lead and snatched Wang Ye to the first class of the cultivation department.
结果一位副校长还没按下去，那边又冒出一个卷轴制作的大佬。
As a result, a vice-principal hadn't pressed it yet, and another big man who made scrolls appeared over there.
兰道别看那张脸，那是真有实力的怪物。出道以来就是双月星的风云人物，当年他进入陨星学校当教授，不知多少人往陨星跑，更为陨星招来了大量敌人——全都是妒忌的。
Lan Dao don't look at that face, it's a monster with real strength. Since his debut, he has been a man of the year in the Twin Moon Star, when he entered the Meteorite School as a professor, I don't know how many people ran to the Meteorite, and the Meteorite attracted a large number of enemies - all of them were jealous.
兰道最值得称道的是他的卷轴制作能力。这位可是能制作九级卷轴的真大佬！
Landau is best known for his scroll-making abilities. This is a real guy who can make ninth-level scrolls!
就是他们这些老怪物见到这位，也得让个一席之地。 Even these old monsters have to give up a place when they see this one.
所以听说兰道强收王叶为弟子，虫老心里很不是滋味，但又有那么一点隐秘的得意和与有荣焉。
So when I heard that Lan Dao forcibly accepted Wang Ye as a disciple, the worm old felt very uncomfortable, but he had a little secret pride and honor.
看，我看中的弟子多出色，就连兰道也看中了，还死活要定下来，甚至不惜自己掏积分给我徒弟进入时间修炼室的机会。
Look, how good the disciple I fancy is, even Lan Dao has taken a fancy to it, and he still wants to settle down, and even does not hesitate to pay points for himself to give my apprentice the opportunity to enter the time cultivation room.
也幸好兰道是教卷轴制作的，和虫老没什么冲突，否则虫老绝不可能接受得像现在这么平静。
Fortunately, Lan Dao taught scrolls to be made, and there was no conflict with the worm elder, otherwise the worm elder would never have accepted it as calmly as he is now.
“你在魔药学上的深厚基础，以及对虫子的了解，我认为你没有进入时间修炼室的必要，你只要按照自己的速度学习下去，别人就已经赶不上。至少你现在不需要。”
"With your deep foundation in Potions and your knowledge of bugs, I don't think you need to enter the Time Cultivation Room, as long as you continue to learn at your own pace, others will not be able to catch up. At least you don't need it right now. ”
虫老解释了一句他为什么没有给王叶申请时间修炼室的原因。他可不想让小混蛋以为他比兰道小气。
Worm Lao explained why he didn't give Wang Ye the time cultivation room. He didn't want the little bastard to think he was stingier than Landau.
王叶表示理解。 Wang Ye expressed understanding.
“但有这个机会，也不能放过。时间修炼室其实也是一个试炼幻境，甚至有传言说那里就不是幻境，而是一个真实的秘境。那个秘境里的时间流速和双月星不一样，差不多是五比一的速度，在那个秘境待五天，相当于双月星的一天。兰道给你申请了一个月，你就相当于有了五个月的时间。”
"But with this opportunity, we can't let it go. The Time Cultivation Room is actually a trial illusion, and there are even rumors that it is not an illusion, but a real secret realm. The speed of time in that secret realm is not the same as that of the Twin Moon Stars, almost five to one speed, and staying in that secret realm for five days is equivalent to one day of the Twin Moon Stars. Landau gives you an application for a month, and you're the equivalent of five months. ”
王叶眼睛特别亮。五个月时间，如果那里也是副本就好了，他保证能把等级冲到至少四十级。
Wang Ye's eyes were particularly bright. In five months, if only there were also copies, he guaranteed to be able to rush to at least forty levels.
“不过五个月时间你也不能全部都用在卷轴制作上，虽然我不反对你多学一点知识，但你要分清楚什么是重点。原本我是不考虑让你今年就去参加比赛的，何况你还答应了那位前副园长说要参加培植专业的比赛，所以我对你的计划是参加明年的比赛。”
"You can't spend five months on scroll making, and while I'm not opposed to learning a little more, you need to be clear about what is important. Originally, I didn't think about letting you participate in the competition this year, but you also promised the former deputy director that you would participate in the cultivation competition, so my plan for you is to participate in next year's competition. ”
虫老叹息一声：“但你现在既然连卷轴制作比赛都要报名，那为了不让你把魔药和驭虫的能力丢下，你就二选一，要么再报名参加一个魔药的比试，要么就参加召唤类比试，驭虫被放入了召唤类。”
王叶……死人脸。 Wang Ye...... Dead faces.
虫老视若无睹，“就这么说定了，报名表我这里有，等会儿你就填上。”
Worm Lao turned a blind eye, "That's it, I have the registration form here, and you can fill it out later." ”
又道：“至于你和兰道的关系，你也不用太担心。兰道仇人是多，但也不至于为难你这么一个小孩子，不过你别掺和他的事情，他的事太复杂。”
He added: "As for your relationship with Landau, you don't have to worry too much. There are many enemies in Landau, but it is not difficult for a child like you, but don't get involved in his affairs, his affairs are too complicated. ”
王叶忍不住，顾不上争取自己的权益——说不的权力，而是问道：“兰道教授为什么会被囚禁到一副画里？是谁干的？为什么那幅画会被放在图书馆幻境中？”
Wang Ye couldn't help it, and didn't care about fighting for his own rights and interests—the right to say no, but asked, "Why was Professor Landau imprisoned in a painting?" Who did it? Why was that painting placed in a library fantasy? ”
虫老喝了口茶水，睨徒弟：“这事你别多管，你兰道教授的事水深着呢。”
The insect elder took a sip of tea and looked at his apprentice: "Don't worry about this matter, your matter of Professor Landau is deep." ”
“至少让我了解个片面吧？否则将来遇到仇人，我都不知道，反而把仇人当朋友，那不就麻烦了？”
"At least let me know a little bit about it, right? Otherwise, I don't even know if I meet an enemy in the future, but I treat him as a friend, so wouldn't it be troublesome? ”
“你就是好奇心作祟。” "You're just curious."
“兰道现在也是我教授啊，我现在和他就是一荣俱荣、一损俱损。提前了解他的仇人，也避免我两眼一抹黑，被坑都不知道是被谁坑的。”
"Landau is also my professor now, and I am now with him in both glory and loss. Knowing his enemies in advance also prevents me from being blinded and not knowing who was pitted. ”
虫老沉吟，王叶说得也在理，有些人脑残起来真的不会管你是不是小孩子，想要牵连还是会一样牵连。
The worm elder groaned, Wang Ye was right, some people really don't care if you are a child or not, if you want to be implicated, you will still be implicated.
也许他也有必要对外放出风声，宣布王叶也是他弟子这件事。这样兰道的仇家想要对小混蛋动手也会因为他而顾忌一二。
Maybe it is also necessary for him to release the news to the outside world and announce that Wang Ye is also his disciple. In this way, Landau's enemies will be scruples about him if they want to do something to the little bastard.
“虽然我不太清楚当年是谁把囚禁兰道的画像放入图书馆幻境，我也不知道兰道的画像就在图书馆试炼幻境中，但我想这么做的人应该是为了保护兰道。”虫老到底还是透露了一点。
"Although I don't know who put the portrait of Lan Dao imprisoned into the library illusion back then, and I don't know that the portrait of Lan Dao was in the library trial illusion, but I think the person who did this should be to protect Lan Dao." In the end, the worm still revealed a little.
“哦？这也叫保护？如果没有学生发现兰道教授的画像，并把画像带出来，兰道教授不是会在图书馆幻境中困一辈子？”王叶有不同意见。
"Oh? Is this also called protection? If the students hadn't discovered Professor Landau's portrait and brought it out, wouldn't Professor Landau be trapped in the library illusion for the rest of his life? Wang Ye had a different opinion.
虫老摇头：“你不懂。根据传言，当时兰道得罪的人不是普通人，对方对兰道据说是求而不得恼羞成怒，但又舍不得或者说没有实力杀死兰道，就对兰道设了一个陷阱。原本对方应该是想借此得到兰道，但兰道也不是好惹的，最后那人重伤，虽然兰道被坑得被关入了那幅魔画中，但那魔画到底没能落在那人手中。”
The worm elder shook his head: "You don't understand. According to rumors, the person Lan Dao offended at that time was not an ordinary person, and the other party was said to be angry at Lan Dao for asking for help, but he was reluctant or did not have the strength to kill Lan Dao, so he set a trap for Lan Dao. Originally, the other party should have wanted to get Lan Dao, but Lan Dao was not easy to mess with, and in the end the man was seriously injured, although Lan Dao was pitted and imprisoned in the magic painting, but the magic painting failed to fall into the hands of that person. ”
“校长是兰道的朋友，他及时赶到，虽然没能救下兰道，却带走了囚禁兰道的魔画。可惜的是，这魔画是个九级魔器，以校长和学校某些人的能力，破坏它也许能做到，但想要把关在里面的兰道安全地放出来却基本不可能。”
"The headmaster is a friend of Landau, and he arrives in time, and although he fails to save Landau, he takes away the magic painting that imprisoned Landau. It's a pity that this magic painting is a ninth-level magic weapon, and with the ability of the principal and some people in the school, it may be possible to destroy it, but it is basically impossible to release the landau locked in it safely. ”
“校长想了很多方法，可都没办法把兰道释放出来。而兰道那个仇人又跑到学校来闹，跟校长索要画像，索要不到，就不断派人来偷来抢。我推测，应该是校长无奈下才把那幅魔画放到图书馆幻境。”
"The headmaster tried many ways, but he couldn't release Landau. And the enemy of Landau came to the school to make trouble, and asked the principal for a portrait, but when he couldn't ask for it, he kept sending people to steal and rob it. I speculate that the headmaster had no choice but to put the magic painting in the library illusion. ”
虫老又道：“这一切都只是我根据当年传言的一些推测，真相到底如何，你恐怕还是得问你的兰道教授。”
The worm elder said again: "All this is just some speculation I made based on the rumors back then, what is the truth, I'm afraid you still have to ask your Professor Landau." ”
说完虫老还用奇怪的眼神看王叶，把王叶看得毛毛的。 After speaking, the worm elder still looked at Wang Ye with strange eyes, and looked at Wang Ye as hairy.
“教授？” "Professor?"
“现在包括兰道自己，还有校长等人，大家都很奇怪，你到底是怎么把兰道从那幅魔画里释放出来的？”虫老百思不得其解。
"Now including Landau himself, as well as the headmaster and others, everyone is very strange, how did you release Landau from that magic painting?" The worm was puzzled.
想要把兰道从那幅画里释放出来，可不是把那幅画从图书馆幻境中带出来那么简单。
Trying to free Landau from that painting is not as simple as taking it out of the library's vision.
道理上，就算有人把那幅画从幻境中带出来，兰道也应该仍旧囚禁在魔画中。
Logically, even if someone took the painting out of the illusion, Landau would still be imprisoned in the magic painting.
“不知道啊。”王叶是真不知道究竟，他到现在都对如何释放出兰道教授糊里糊涂，不过他也有一些猜测。
"I don't know." Wang Ye really didn't know, he was still confused about how to release Professor Landau, but he also had some guesses.
他猜应该是和当初他把库尔特放到虫巢里带出来的原理差不多，库尔特属于药园副本的能量体，他本质上无法带出库尔特，所以当他离开药园副本，库尔特就从他的虫巢消失，仍旧回去了药园副本。
He guessed that it should be similar to the principle he brought out when he put Kurt in the hive, Kurt belongs to the energy body of the medicine garden copy, and he can't bring Kurt out of it in essence, so when he leaves the medicine garden copy, Kurt disappears from his hive and still goes back to the medicine garden copy.
而图书馆这个副本，他带出了魔画，因为魔画是实体，不是单纯的能量体。而兰道教授则不属于魔画世界、也不属于图书馆副本世界，他是双月星本世界的人，他的灵魂坐标也在这个世界。
And in this copy of the library, he brought out the magic painting, because the magic painting is an entity, not a simple energy body. Professor Landau, on the other hand, does not belong to the world of magic paintings, nor does he belong to the world of library dungeons, he is a person from the world of the double moon star, and his soul coordinates are also in this world.
所以他把魔画带出来时，兰道教授相当于是被规则弹出了魔画。
So when he brought out the magic painting, Professor Landau was equivalent to being ejected from the magic painting by the rules.
更有可能，兰道本身其实已经可以脱离魔画，这点从他可以从魔画出来，指点他卷轴制作就能看出。
More likely, Landau himself can actually break away from the magic painting, which can be seen from the fact that he can come out of the magic painting and guide him to the production of the scroll.
只是兰道可能无法离开魔画太远，他和魔画之间还有一根线，需要有人帮他断掉。
It's just that Landau may not be able to get too far away from the magic painting, and there is still a thread between him and the magic painting, and someone needs to help him break it.
而他就是在此时出现，发现魔画并强行用虫巢空间带出魔画。兰道教授就借此机会彻底脱离了魔画。
And it was at this time that he appeared, discovered the magic painting, and forcibly used the hive space to bring out the magic painting. Professor Landau took this opportunity to completely break away from the magic painting.
不过这里还有一点不明，就是如果把魔画带出的人不是他王叶，换了其他有空间道具的人，是否也会起到同样效果？
However, there is still one thing that is unclear here, that is, if the person who brought the magic painting out is not his Wang Ye, and changes to other people with space props, will it also have the same effect?
如果有人带着空间道具把魔画带出副本就能释放兰道，那校长和虫老他们也不会惊讶成这样。
If someone could release Landau by taking the magic painting out of the dungeon with a space prop, then the headmaster and the worm elder would not be surprised to be like this.
王叶想不通这点，只好等到明天见到兰道再询问看看。 Wang Ye couldn't figure this out, so he had to wait until tomorrow to see Landau and ask about it.
王叶见虫老说了半天都没说到兰道教授的仇人是谁，干脆问了出来。
Wang Ye saw that the insect elder hadn't said who Professor Landau's enemy was for a long time, so he simply asked.
虫老顿了顿，考虑再三，还是说出了那人的身份：“他是银月帝国这一代的帝王，撒尔曼大帝，也是双月星唯一一个敢称帝的存在。”
The worm elder paused, thought about it again, and still said the identity of that person: "He is the emperor of the Silver Moon Empire's generation, the Salman Great, and the only existence of the Double Moon Star who dares to be called the emperor. ”
“银月帝国？！”王叶失声。 "Silvermoon Empire?!" Wang Ye lost his voice.
这个帝国不就是撒坦也就是雷木后来灭掉的那个国家吗？
Isn't this empire the same country that Satan later destroyed?
第157章 第二位继承权 Chapter 157: Second Succession
虫老为了让王叶在时间修炼室不一味扑在卷轴制作上，送给王叶一大堆魔药和驭虫方面的材料，才挥挥手让他滚蛋。
In order to let Wang Ye not blindly pounce on the production of scrolls in the time cultivation room, the insect elder gave Wang Ye a lot of potions and insect control materials, and then waved his hand to let him go.
当然，走时，王叶填了一张报名表，指导教授那一栏明晃晃地写着昆海教授几个字。
Of course, when leaving, Wang Ye filled out an application form, and the words Professor Kunhai were clearly written in the column of the supervising professor.
王叶也是第一次知道原来虫老的本名叫昆海。 Wang Ye also knew for the first time that the original insect elder's real name was Kunhai.
什么种类的报名表？ What kind of application form is available?
不要问他了，他很伤心。 Don't ask him, he's sad.
他在这些师父面前就没有说不的权力，这些大佬们一个赛一个的凶残，对着唯一弟子也舍得放手揍。
He has no power to say no in front of these masters, these bigwigs are fierce one by one, and they are willing to let go of beating the only disciple.
他打不过他们，只能乖乖听话。 He can't beat them, so he can only be obedient.
哪怕系统给他发布了一个参加考试的任务，任务奖励给得也不错，他还是很郁闷。这主动参与和被逼参与，心情就不一样。
Even if the system issued him a task to take the exam, and the task reward was not bad, he was still very depressed. The mood is different between actively participating and being forced to participate.
当天晚上回到宿舍，王叶又在地上捡到一封信。 When he returned to the dormitory that night, Wang Ye picked up another letter on the ground.
打开一看，里面放着一张报名卷轴。 When I opened it, I saw a registration scroll inside.
除了报名卷轴，还有一张信纸。 In addition to the registration scroll, there is also a piece of stationery.
信纸一打开，里面就传出熟悉的说话声： As soon as the letter was opened, a familiar voice came from inside:
“还记得我吗？你曾经答应我会代表培植学科参加各校的学生专业比试，希望你能遵守承诺。原本我是想让你参加明年的大比，毕竟你还小，又是新生，想着多给你一些学习的时间，准备充足了再去比试。”
"Remember me? You have promised that I will represent the cultivation discipline to participate in the students' professional competitions of various schools, and I hope you will keep your promise. Originally, I wanted you to participate in next year's competition, after all, you are still young and a freshman, and I want to give you more time to study, and then go to the competition when you are well prepared. ”
“但我偶尔听说有人为你申请了时间修炼室的修炼机会，如此，我想你也没有必要再等一年，以你的天分，只要在时间修炼室内好好学习培植学科的知识，我相信你一定能在这次各校大比中拿到一个比较理想的名次。前三，我的要求不高吧？”
"But I occasionally heard that someone has applied for a cultivation opportunity in the Time Cultivation Room for you, so I don't think you need to wait another year, with your talent, as long as you study the knowledge of cultivation disciplines in the Time Cultivation Room, I believe you will definitely be able to get a more ideal ranking in this competition between the schools. Top three, I'm not too demanding, right? ”
王叶确实打算就在今年报名培植比赛，这个任务完成可是有一万点经验值的奖励。
Wang Ye really plans to sign up for the cultivation competition this year, and the completion of this task will be rewarded with 10,000 experience points.
但还是那句话，主动参与和被逼参与，从感觉上就是两码事。
But again, active participation and forced participation are two different things from the feeling of being forced.
王叶骨子里的叛逆冒了出来，都逼着他参加比赛，惹火了他就一个都不参加，或者参加也惨败，桀桀桀！
The rebellion in Wang Ye's bones came out, and they all forced him to participate in the competition, and if he was angry, he didn't participate in any of them, or he failed miserably when he participated.
而且别以为他不知道为什么这位突然改变主意让他参加今年的比赛，还不是知道他中了千木之毒，怕等到明年他就废了，所以才想在能利用期间就死命利用。
And don't think that he doesn't know why this suddenly changed his mind and let him participate in this year's competition, it's not that he knows that he has been poisoned by a thousand trees, and he is afraid that he will be abolished next year, so he wants to use it while he can use it.
王叶的想法一时变得特别阴暗。 Wang Ye's thoughts became particularly gloomy for a while.
语音信件还没说完，还有最后一句话：“为了让你更能专心学习，附信赠送五十箱材料，可以带入时间修炼室。好好学习，别让我失望。”
Before the voice message was finished, there was one last sentence: "In order to allow you to concentrate more on your studies, the enclosure letter will give you fifty boxes of materials, which can be brought into the time cultivation room." Study hard and don't let me down. ”
五十箱材料？王叶的叛逆心迅速缩回，抑郁的心情也瞬间开朗。
Fifty boxes of materials? Wang Ye's rebellious heart quickly retracted, and his depressed mood instantly brightened.
有免费材料，那一切都好说，不就是报名参加一个比赛嘛。
With free materials, it's easy to say, isn't it just signing up for a competition.
这位升任副校长的前副园长果然是位很上道、很懂人心的好同志，怪不得昆老头只能待在后山玩虫子，人家转眼就升到副校长级别。
The former deputy principal who was promoted to vice principal is really a good comrade who is very good and understands people's hearts, no wonder Old Man Kun can only stay in the back mountain to play with insects, and he has been promoted to the level of vice principal in a blink of an eye.
学校一共三位副校长，分管不同事务，他已经见到两位。
There are three vice principals in the school, who are in charge of different affairs, and he has already met two of them.
果然，没多久就有人来敲门，学校材料仓库管理处送材料过来了。
Sure enough, it didn't take long for someone to knock on the door, and the school material warehouse management office sent the materials over.
整整五十箱材料，虽然绝大多数都只是三级以下的低级材料，但累积起来也要不少费用，如今全都白送给了王叶。
A full fifty boxes of materials, although most of them are only low-level materials below the third level, but they also cost a lot of money to accumulate, and now they are all given to Wang Ye in vain.
王叶笑得牙花都露出来了，尤其他还在一个箱子中发现了整整一箱的四级材料！
Wang Ye smiled so much that his teeth were exposed, especially since he also found an entire box of fourth-level materials in a box!
其实虫老头也很大方，送的材料也都是他需要的，但虫老头比较了解他，给他的材料都将将好。不像这位前副园长大人，送他的材料恐怕都是按照五比一的成功率准备的量。
In fact, the old man is also very generous, and the materials he sends are all what he needs, but the old man knows him better, and the materials given to him will be good. Unlike the former deputy principal, the materials sent to him are probably prepared according to the success rate of five to one.
这一对比，顿时就显得前副园长·现副校长大人特别财大气粗还大方。
This comparison suddenly shows that the former deputy principal and current vice principal are particularly wealthy and generous.
不知道明天兰道教授会送他多少材料？王叶搓手，满脸都是期待。
I wonder how much material Professor Landau will send him tomorrow? Wang Ye rubbed his hands, his face full of anticipation.
“你看起来很高兴？”雷木回来了，一见到王叶神情，就知道他心情极好。
"You look happy?" Lei Mu came back, and as soon as he saw Wang Ye's expression, he knew that he was in a very good mood.
“皮卡叽~！”金宝一回来就扑向小树人，这段时间两只互相打来打去，也打出了感情，成了一对好伙伴？
"Pikaji~!" As soon as Jinbao came back, he pounced on the little tree man, and during this time, the two of them fought each other, and they also played out their feelings, and became a pair of good partners?
小树人bia唧把金宝抽到一边。 The little tree man Bia chirped Jinbao aside.
金宝迅速爬起来，无声无息再次发动攻击。 Jinbao quickly got up and attacked again without a sound.
雷木之前还会阻止这两只打架，后来看他们“玩”得很有分寸，也就随他们去了。
Lei Mu would have stopped the two from fighting before, but later saw that they were "playing" in a measured way, so he went with them.
“木木，问你个事。” "Mumu, I want to ask you something."
“你问。”雷木神态轻松地走进小二楼，他想洗个澡，再换身舒适的衣服。
"You ask." Lei Mu walked into the second floor with a relaxed demeanor, he wanted to take a shower and change into comfortable clothes.
王叶紧跟在他身后，“你知道银月帝国的撒尔曼大帝吗？”
Wang Ye followed closely behind him, "Do you know the Salman Emperor of the Silver Moon Empire? ”
雷木脚步未停，王叶跟在他身后也没有看到他的表情，但雷木确实过了一会儿才开口：“知道。你问这个人干什么？”
Lei Mu's footsteps didn't stop, and Wang Ye didn't see his expression after him, but Lei Mu did speak after a while: "I know." What is this guy doing, you ask? ”
王叶一个跨步跑到雷木前面，倒退着走，一边看着雷木的脸，一边说：“兰道教授似乎和这位有仇。”
Wang Ye ran in front of Lei Mu in one stride, walked backwards, and while looking at Lei Mu's face, he said, "Professor Landau seems to have a grudge against this one. ”
雷木神色不见变动，只淡淡地道：“哦？” Lei Mu's expression did not change, and he only said lightly: "Oh? ”
王叶也不是非要打探雷木的身世，他只是有种说不出的焦躁，就怕雷木又出现上辈子同样的情况。
Wang Ye didn't have to inquire about Lei Mu's life experience, he just had an indescribable anxiety, and he was afraid that Lei Mu would have the same situation in his previous life.
这种焦躁心，让他忍不住去微微逼迫雷木，想要他能向他透露更多。
This kind of anxiety made him can't help but force Lei Mu slightly, hoping that he can reveal more to him.
他甚至想质问雷木：难道你不信任我吗？为什么不把你的事都告诉我？你有什么为难的事，我可以帮你。
He even wanted to question Lei Mu: Don't you trust me? Why don't you tell me everything about you? If you have anything to worry about, I can help you.
但他也只是心里想想，并不会真的这样去质问雷木。 But he just thought about it in his heart, and he wouldn't really question Lei Mu like this.
谁还没有点小秘密？ Who hasn't had a little secret yet?
不是说关系亲密就一定要把自己所有秘密都告知另一方，他和雷木之间也不是小女孩之间那种“我都告诉你我的秘密了，你也得把你的秘密告诉我”的幼稚关系。
It's not that if you have a close relationship, you have to tell the other party all your secrets, and the relationship between him and Lei Mu is not the childish relationship between the little girl, "I told you my secrets, and you have to tell me your secrets".
可他真的很想知道雷木的身世，想要知道他的一切苦难，想要知道当初是谁追杀他，想要知道他的一切！
But he really wants to know Lei Mu's life experience, wants to know all his suffering, wants to know who chased and killed him in the first place, and wants to know everything about him!
“你说你的家族名叫撒坦，你姓撒，对吗？”王叶又逼迫了一步。
"You said your family's name is Satan, and your surname is Satan, right?" Wang Ye took another step.
雷木声音更轻：“嗯。” Raimu's voice was softer: "Hmm. ”
“银月帝国的皇室就姓撒，你认识撒尔曼大帝吗？”王叶再次往前逼近一步。
"The royal family of the Silver Moon Empire is surnamed Sa, do you know Sahrman the Great?" Wang Ye took another step forward.
雷木突然抬手，用力揉了揉王叶的短发：“我以前不跟你说不是不信任你，只是我觉得我的身世没什么好说的，再说我已经把最悲惨的部分都告诉你了。”
Lei Mu suddenly raised his hand and rubbed Wang Ye's short hair vigorously: "I didn't tell you before because I didn't trust you, it's just that I don't think I have anything to say about my life experience, and besides, I've already told you the most tragic part." ”
“可我想知道更多，只要是你的事情，我都想知道。”王叶没笑，表情很认真。
"But I want to know more, as long as it's your business, I want to know." Wang Ye didn't smile, his expression was very serious.
雷木笑了笑，“真没什么好说的。没错，我认识那位撒尔曼大帝，我们家也确实和银月帝国皇室有些关系。我父亲是撒尔曼大帝的侄子，现在你明白我和撒尔曼大帝是什么关系了吗？”
Remu smiled, "There's really nothing to say. That's right, I know that Salman the Great, and our family does have some relationship with the royal family of the Silver Moon Empire. My father was the nephew of Sahrman the Great, and now you understand what my relationship with Sahrman the Great is? ”
“你是那个撒尔曼大帝的侄孙？有帝国继承权的那种？”王叶目瞪口呆，他还以为雷木家里顶多就是某地某个大贵族。
"You are the grandnephew of the Sahrman the Great? The kind with imperial succession? Wang Ye was dumbfounded, he thought that Lei Mu's family was at most a big nobleman somewhere.
“我应该没有帝国继承权吧。虽然从血缘关系来说，我应该有。不过我很早就被家族排斥在外了。”雷木似真的不在乎他的帝位继承权。
"I don't think I have the right to inherit the empire. Although in terms of blood relationship, I should have. But I was ostracized by my family early on. "Lei Mu really doesn't seem to care about his succession.
哪怕那位撒尔曼大帝除了一个早夭的女儿，就再也没有其他孩子。
Even if that Salman the Great had no other children except for a daughter who died young.
而撒氏皇族也像是受到了某种诅咒，后代延续很是成问题。
And the Sa royal family also seems to have received some kind of curse, and the continuation of future generations is very problematic.
撒尔曼大帝有两个兄弟，大弟弟战死，死前没有留下任何一个骨血，小弟弟娶妻生子。
Sahrman the Great had two brothers, the eldest brother died in battle, leaving no blood before death, and the younger brother married a wife and had children.
这个小弟弟就是雷木的祖父，他也只有一个孩子，就是雷木的父亲。雷木这位祖父也没能活太久，在儿子刚结婚没两天就暴病离世。
This little brother is Remu's grandfather, and he also has only one child, who is Remu's father. Remu's grandfather didn't live long, and died of a violent illness within two days of his son's marriage.
撒家眼看血脉不丰，当然要拼命生孩子。 Seeing that the Sajia family is not rich in blood, of course they have to work hard to have children.
可雷木一出生就有异常，后被判定为魔种，相当于是废掉了。
But Lei Mu was born with an abnormality, and was later judged to be a demon seed, which is equivalent to being abolished.
这之后，雷木父母又孕育了一个孩子，是雷木的亲弟弟，可这个宝贝蛋身体很不好，至今都病歪歪的，而且性格很成问题，完全被宠坏了。
After that, Lei Mu's parents gave birth to another child, who is Lei Mu's younger brother, but this baby egg is in very bad health, and he is still sick and crooked, and his personality is very problematic, and he is completely spoiled.
撒尔曼本人的后宫很冷清，王后死掉以后就再也没有迎娶新的王后。据说他有不少情人，但这些情人没有一个为他生下后代。
Salman's own harem was deserted, and the queen never married a new queen after her death. It is said that he had quite a few lovers, but none of these lovers bore him offspring.
所以现在银月帝国数起继承人来，雷木的父亲是第一继承人，雷木按理应该排在第二，雷木那个弟弟只能排到第三位。
So now there are several heirs in the Silver Moon Empire, Lei Mu's father is the first heir, Lei Mu should be ranked second, and Lei Mu's younger brother can only be ranked third.
听完雷木的述说，王叶看雷木的眼神都不一样了：“木木，没想到你还有一个帝国要继承！”
After listening to Lei Mu's statement, Wang Ye's eyes were different when he looked at Lei Mu: "Mu Mu, I didn't expect you to have an empire to inherit!" ”
雷木被逗笑：“我虽然排到第二位，可没有任何人会承认我的继承权。”
Remu was amused: "Although I am in second place, no one will recognize my inheritance. ”
王叶耸肩：“没人承认又怎样，只要血脉是真的就行，到时候把第一和第三位都干掉，再把那个撒尔曼大帝也解决掉，你就是银月帝国的唯一继承人。”
Wang Ye shrugged: "No one admits it, as long as the bloodline is true, when the time comes, kill the first and third places, and then deal with that Salman Emperor as well, you will be the only heir of the Silver Moon Empire." ”
雷木笑着摇头：“我对继承皇位没兴趣，也不想当皇帝。谁爱当，谁去当。”
Lei Mu shook his head with a smile: "I'm not interested in inheriting the throne, and I don't want to be an emperor." Whoever loves to be, who will be. ”
王叶抓住雷木的手：“木木，你恨银月帝国吗？” Wang Ye grabbed Lei Mu's hand: "Mumu, do you hate the Silver Moon Empire?" ”
雷木奇怪道：“我为什么要恨银月帝国？” Lei Mu said strangely, "Why should I hate the Silver Moon Empire? ”
王叶：因为你上辈子就把这个国家整个灭掉了。还是屠国！从没有人做到过的超级壮举。木木，你不知道，你已经成为历史有名的超级大反派，被整个双月星包括地球人铭记。
Wang Ye: Because you destroyed the whole country in your last life. Or slaughter the country! A super feat that no one has ever done. Mu Mu, you don't know, you have become a famous supervillain in history, remembered by the entire Double Moon Star, including the earthlings.
“那你恨你的家族吗？”王叶又问。 "Then do you hate your family?" Wang Ye asked again.
雷木这次沉默的时间长了点：“……只要他们不再找我麻烦，我也懒得去找他们麻烦。”
Raimu was silent for a longer time this time: "...... As long as they don't bother me anymore, I don't bother to trouble them. ”
那些人终究是他的亲人，虽然他们不肯放过他，但如果可能，他真的很希望和他们彼此遗忘，就当陌生人就好。
Those people were his relatives after all, and although they refused to let him go, if possible, he really wanted to forget about each other with them and treat them as strangers.
当然，如果那些人还是不肯放过他，真的杀上门来，他也不会客气。
Of course, if those people still refuse to let him go, and really kill him, he will not be polite.
“木木，当初追杀你的人是你的家人吗？”王叶今天是打算打破砂锅问到底了。
"Mumu, was it your family who chased you in the first place?" Wang Ye is going to break the casserole today and ask to the end.
雷木无奈了，“让我先去冲个澡，忙了一天，身上都是灰尘和汗。”
Lei Mu was helpless, "Let me take a shower first, it's been a busy day, and my body is covered with dust and sweat." ”
王叶推开卧室门：“请，我就在你房间里等你。” Wang Ye pushed open the bedroom door: "Please, I'll wait for you in your room." ”
客厅那边金宝他们随时会跑进来，吵闹得很，不适合谈事情。
On the other side of the living room, Jinbao and they will run in at any time, and they are very noisy, which is not suitable for talking about things.
雷木快速冲了个澡，换上家居服出来。 Lei Mu took a quick shower and changed into lounge clothes and came out.
就见王叶正坐在窗户边的小沙发上等着他，摆明了不让他逃避。
saw Wang Ye sitting on the small sofa by the window waiting for him, making it clear that he would not let him escape.
雷木原本最讨厌就是被人挖掘隐私，尤其他的过去并不算愉快。但看到小叶子那看向他的、和他年龄不匹配的心疼眼神，雷木就想笑。
What Lei Mu hated most was being dug into his privacy, especially since his past was not pleasant. But seeing Xiao Yezi's distressed eyes looking at him that didn't match his age, Lei Mu wanted to laugh.
有小叶子在，好像过去的悲惨也不算什么了。 There are small leaves, as if the misery of the past is nothing.
小叶子经常说，他是他的福星，为他带来了好运。但就雷木来看，小叶子才是他的福星。证据就是他认识小叶子以后，就顺得不得了，更顺利觉醒了两种特殊血脉，掌握了别人都会羡慕的特别能力。
Xiao Yezi often said that he was his lucky star and brought him good luck. But as far as Lei Mu is concerned, Xiao Yezi is his lucky star. The evidence is that after he got to know Xiao Yezi, he was very smooth, and he awakened two special bloodlines more smoothly, and mastered the special abilities that others would envy.
“你想喝水吗？”王叶拿出一个茶壶和两个茶杯。 "Do you want to drink water?" Wang Ye took out a teapot and two teacups.
雷木再次被逗笑，干脆盘膝坐到床上，摆出了和王小叶闲话家常的放松姿势。
Lei Mu was amused again, and simply sat cross-legged on the bed, and put on a relaxed posture of gossiping with Wang Xiaoye.
“我前面的身世你都知道了。就说说我成为守墓人以后吧，在我的家族有个传说，据说撒家的墓地隐藏着一个巨大宝藏，这个宝藏的入口就在墓地。很多人试图找过这个入口，都没有找到。时间久了，大家就把这个当做了一个传说。但因为撒家有规定，死后的撒家人必须埋入祖传墓地，所以墓地一直都有专门的守墓人。”
"You know all about my previous background. Let's talk about the fact that after I became a grave keeper, there is a legend in my family that there is a huge treasure hidden in the cemetery of the Sajia family, and the entrance to this treasure is in the cemetery. Many people have tried to find this entrance, but they have not found it. After a long time, everyone regarded this as a legend. But because the Sajia family has a rule that the Sajia family must be buried in the ancestral cemetery after death, the cemetery has always had a special grave keeper. ”
“在撒尔曼大帝之前，银月帝国还不叫帝国，只是一个占地面积很大的国家，位于西大陆，和东大陆的春夏秋冬四大上国是同等级的国家。”
"Before Salman the Great, the Silver Moon Empire was not called an empire, but a country with a large area, located in the Western Continent, and the four kingdoms of spring, summer, autumn and winter in the Eastern Continent were the same level of countries."
“在我出生之前，撒尔曼大帝就统一了大半个西大陆，建立了双月星第一个帝国。在撒尔曼大帝成为大帝后，不知为何，很多人都传出他得到了家族墓地的宝藏。那段时间撒家的家族墓地很是受到了一段时间骚扰。”
"Before I was born, Salman the Great unified most of the Western Continent and established the first empire of the Twin Moon Stars. After Salman the Great became the Great, for some reason, many people rumored that he had obtained the treasure of the family cemetery. During that time, the family cemetery of the Sajia family was harassed for a while. ”
“我说这么多是想告诉你，我被人追杀，就是因为有人怀疑我找到了那个宝藏的入口，并从中得到了莫大好处。”
"I say this to tell you that I was hunted down because there was a suspicion that I had found the entrance to that treasure and had benefited greatly from it."
王叶：“实际上呢？” Wang Ye: "Actually? ”
雷木摊手：“实际上就是一场……设计。那位强者暗中指点我，让我掌握了一部分魔种力量，也让我有了自保的能力。可我家族的人却不知为何认定我能变强，都是因为我得到了某种宝物，还给我罗织罪名，说我盗窃家族宝藏。我跟他们解释过，但他们没人相信。他们非要逼我交出我根本不知道也没沾过的东西，我交不出来就要杀了我，我只能逃。”
Lei Mu spread his hands: "Actually, it's a ...... Devise. That strong man secretly instructed me, allowing me to master some of the power of the demon seed, and also giving me the ability to protect myself. But for some reason, the people of my family thought that I could become stronger, all because I had obtained some kind of treasure, and they also accused me of stealing family treasures. I explained it to them, but none of them believed it. They insisted on forcing me to hand over what I didn't know or touch, and if I couldn't, they would kill me, so I had to flee. ”
“后来，”雷木闭了闭眼睛，隐藏了眼中的痛苦和嘲讽，再睁开时，他的神情很平静：“我在无意中得知，他们追杀我并不是真的以为我得到了墓地宝藏，而是想要把我的血液、内脏和骨头换给我那个病歪歪的弟弟。他们只是找了个可以抓捕我、杀死我的借口。”
"Later," Remu closed his eyes, hiding the pain and mockery in his eyes, and when he opened them again, his expression was calm, "I accidentally learned that they were chasing me not really thinking that I had obtained the treasure of the cemetery, but that they wanted to exchange my blood, internal organs, and bones for my sick and crooked brother. They just found an excuse to capture me and kill me. ”
王叶瞬间气炸！ Wang Ye exploded instantly!
雷木神情越是平静，他越是愤怒：“他们这时候就不怕你是魔种了吗？他们就不怕移植了你的血液、内脏和骨头，你那个弟弟也会变成魔种吗？”
The calmer Lei Mu's expression became, the more angry he became: "Aren't they afraid that you are a demon seed at this time?" Aren't they afraid that if they transplant your blood, internal organs, and bones, your brother will also become a demon seed? ”
雷木犹豫要不要接着说后面的。 Remu hesitated to continue with the rest of the story.
王叶瞪他，用力瞪他：你敢隐瞒一点试试！ Wang Ye glared at him and glared at him hard: You dare to hide a little and try!
雷木发现他一点也不难过，他被小叶子瞪得直想笑：“他们应该是找到了某种抑制魔种的方法，而且毕竟只是换血换骨，只要我这个原本的魔种不死，那魔种应该就不会转移到我弟身上。也幸亏他们不想杀死我，派来的人也多以抓捕我为主，我才能坚持到和你见面的那天。”
Lei Mu found that he was not sad at all, he was glared at by Xiao Yezi and wanted to laugh: "They should have found some kind of way to suppress the demon seed, and after all, it is just a blood exchange, as long as I, the original demon seed, do not die, the demon seed should not be transferred to my brother." Fortunately, they didn't want to kill me, and most of the people they sent were mainly to arrest me, so I was able to hold out until the day I met you. ”
“另外，我那个堂祖父似乎有意退位，但他还没有决定好把他的皇位交给谁，据说他要求所有拥有继承权的撒家人都住进皇宫，直到他挑选出最合适的那个。”
"Also, my cousin seems intent on abdicating, but he has not yet decided who to give his throne to, and it is said that he asked all the Satans who had the right to inherit to live in the palace until he chose the most suitable one."
王叶皱眉：“这跟你家人追杀你也有关系？” Wang Ye frowned: "This also has something to do with your family chasing and killing you?" ”
雷木点头：“撒尔曼大帝要求我也到场。” Lei Mu nodded: "The Sarman the Great asked me to be there too. ”
王叶懂了：“一个帝位，加一个健康的继承人……所以你家人就给你栽赃了一个盗窃家族宝藏的罪名，先给你的名声泼上污水，让你进一步失去继承帝位的可能。再暗中派人追捕你，希望你能给你弟换血换骨换内脏。最后如果怎么都无法活捉，就干脆杀了你。”
Wang Ye understood: "An emperor, plus a healthy heir...... Therefore, your family will frame you for the crime of stealing the family's treasures, and first pour sewage on your reputation, so that you will further lose the possibility of inheriting the throne. Then secretly send someone to hunt you down, hoping that you can exchange blood and bones for your brother's internal organs. In the end, if you can't be captured alive, I'll just kill you. ”
“我猜大体就是这样。” "That's pretty much it, I guess."
“一群王八蛋！” "A bunch of bastards!"
第158章 困难级副本 Chapter 158: Difficulty-level dungeon
王叶气了一个晚上都没睡好。 Wang Ye was angry and didn't sleep well all night.
他不想屠国，但他真的很想把雷木的家人都给干掉，在干掉他们之前再让他们当一段时间的药人，再给他们彼此交换身体中的血液、内脏和骨骼，在他们清醒不打麻醉的状态下！
He didn't want to slaughter the country, but he really wanted to kill all of Lei Mu's family, let them be medicine people for a period of time before killing them, and then exchange blood, internal organs and bones in their bodies with each other, while they were awake and not anesthetized!
至于那个撒尔曼大帝，那是兰道教授的敌人，谁知道这两人到底是什么关系，要是他们相爱相杀，他插进去就不好了，所以撒尔曼还是交给兰道教授自己对付吧。
As for that Salman the Great, that is Professor Landau's enemy, who knows what the relationship between these two is, if they love and kill each other, it will not be good for him to insert it, so Salman should leave it to Professor Landau to deal with himself.
早上醒来，雷木却像是心情很好的样子，他承认，把自己的事情都说给小叶子听以后，他的心情真的轻松许多。
When he woke up in the morning, Lei Mu seemed to be in a good mood, and he admitted that after telling Xiao Yezi everything about himself, his mood was really much lighter.
“你还能笑出来？”啃着包子的王叶哼哼。 "Can you still laugh?" Wang Ye, who was gnawing on the bun, hummed.
金宝也跟着学，哼得像只小猪，被王叶弹了下脑袋。 Jinbao also followed, humming like a little pig, and was bounced off the head by Wang Ye.
金宝跳起来就咬住了王叶正在啃的包子，还鸡贼地把里面的肉馅给抢走了。
Jinbao jumped up and bit the bun that Wang Ye was gnawing on, and snatched the meat filling inside.
王叶看着打通的包子皮：“……”怒！ Wang Ye looked at the bun skin that had been opened: "......" angry!
雷木被这两个日常逗得直笑：“为什么不笑？还是你跟我说的，用别人的罪过惩罚自己那是傻瓜行为。他们是伤害过我，就是因为这样，才更不值得我一直惦记他们，更不值得让我因为他们而一直处在悲愤状态。”
Lei Mu was amused by these two daily routines: "Why don't you laugh?" Or what you told me, it's foolish to punish yourself for someone else's sins. They have hurt me, and it is because of this that it is even less worthy of me to think about them all the time, and it is not worth keeping me in a state of grief and anger because of them. ”
王叶：“……”道理是这么说，但真碰上了，谁能真正做到这样洒脱？
Wang Ye: "......" is the truth, but if you really run into it, who can really be so free?
雷木并不是那么宽容的人，他杀性很重。但可能是这段时间幸福的生活把他的尖锐和愤怒都给包裹住，让他更加能用平常心去看待过去。
Remu is not such a forgiving person, he is very murderous. But it may be that this happy life during this period has wrapped his sharpness and anger, making him more able to look at the past with a normal heart.
或者说是他变强了，心态才会变得如此从容？ Or is it because he has become stronger, and his mentality has become so calm?
雷木想了想，道：“我不愤怒是因为我知道自己能解决吧。现在不管他们派什么人来追杀我，我都有还击和自保之力。当我实力不如他们的时候，我只能恨。但现在我实力已经不比他们弱，甚至能强过他们，你觉得我还有恨的必要吗？”
Remu thought for a moment and said, "I'm not angry because I know I can solve it." Now, no matter who they send to hunt me down, I have the power to fight back and protect myself. When I'm not as strong as them, I can only hate. But now that I'm no weaker than them, or even stronger than them, do you think I still need to hate? ”
王叶恨声道：“对，不用浪费感情恨他们，只要报复就好！”
Wang Ye said hatefully: "Yes, you don't have to waste your feelings to hate them, just take revenge!" ”
雷木：“……” Raimi: "......"
魔法卷轴学院。 Magic Scrolls Academy.
兰道一见到王叶就挑眉道：“谁招惹你了？一副要杀人全家的样子。”
As soon as Lan Dao saw Wang Ye, he raised his eyebrows and said, "Who provoked you?" looks like he's going to kill his whole family. ”
王叶呵呵：“您看得可真准。” Wang Ye hehe: "You can see it accurately." ”
兰道懒得管这个弟子想杀谁，主要是就这么一个小不点，他能杀掉谁啊？
Lan Dao didn't bother to care who this disciple wanted to kill, mainly because it was such a small point, who could he kill?
“报名表呢？”兰道伸手。 "Where's the registration form?" Landau stretched out his hand.
王叶收拾好情绪，把填好的报名单双手放到兰道手里。 Wang Ye cleaned up his emotions and put the completed registration form in Landau's hands with both hands.
兰道打开，看到指导人一栏填着他的名字，满意地点点头，手指头在卷轴一角按了一下，一个代表了兰道身份的魔法印记自然出现。
Landau opened it, saw his name filled in the guide's column, nodded with satisfaction, and pressed his finger on the corner of the scroll, and a magic mark representing Landau's identity naturally appeared.
这就表示指导教授同意该学生报名参加某项比赛的意思。
This means that the advisor agrees with the student's entry into a competition.
像是昨天副校长甘河发给王叶的报名表上就已经事先在指导者一栏填好了他的名字，并附上了他的魔法身份印记。
For example, the registration form sent to Wang Ye by Vice Principal Gan He yesterday had already filled in his name in the instructor column in advance, and attached his magical identity mark.
“跟我来。”兰道率先走向挂在办公室墙壁上的魔镜，口中对魔镜默念了什么。
"Follow me." Landau was the first to walk to the magic mirror hanging on the wall of his office, and said something to the magic mirror.
王叶已经见过好几次这种类似空间门的魔镜，看兰道教授走入魔镜，他也跟着一脚迈了进去。
Wang Ye had already seen this kind of magic mirror similar to the space gate several times, and when Professor Landau walked into the magic mirror, he also followed and stepped in.
等出来，他们已经位于学校后山。 When they came out, they were already located on the hill behind the school.
王叶在副本图书馆里找到了一本学校的魔法地图册，终于对这座学校到底有多大有了一个大致的概念。
Wang Ye found a magic atlas of the school in the copy library, and finally had a general idea of how big this school was.
首先学校后山群和药园后山群就不在一处，完全是两个方向，正好一左一右，拼接成一个巨大的弧形。
First of all, the mountains behind the school and the mountains behind the medicine garden are not in one place, they are completely in two directions, just one left and one right, spliced into a huge arc.
在这些山脉后方就是黑河。 Behind these mountains is the Black River.
而学校整体拥有的山脉到底有多大，那本地图册上并没有详细记录，但学校后方的山脉一直往两边延伸，不高，却气势十足并绵延不断，就好像沿着黑河长出的山脉。
The size of the mountain range owned by the school as a whole is not recorded in detail in that atlas, but the mountain range behind the school stretches on both sides, not high, but full of momentum and stretching, like a mountain range growing along the Black River.
学校主体加上绵延的山脉，整个占地面积不亚于地球华夏一个省。学校主体没占多大的地，但学校所属的后山是真的很大很大。
The main body of the school, together with the continuous mountain range, covers an area that is no less than that of a province on Earth. The main body of the school does not occupy much land, but the back mountain to which the school belongs is really big and big.
王叶第一次知道原来在学校的后山中竟然还有一片建筑群，就建在一座山顶湖边，风景好得无法用言语形容。
For the first time, Wang Ye knew that there was a building complex in the mountain behind the school, which was built on the edge of a mountaintop lake, and the scenery was too good to describe in words.
周围连绵不断的山峦一望无尽，一条黑色反光的河流宛如黑龙从山间流淌而过，再往前方看就是无边无沿的无尽森海。
The surrounding mountains are endless, a black reflective river flows through the mountains like a black dragon, and beyond the endless forest sea.
清冷新鲜的空气洗肺效果极佳，深吸一口气，顿觉心旷神怡，整个人都升华了。
The cold and fresh air has an excellent effect on washing the lungs, take a deep breath, suddenly feel relaxed and happy, and the whole person is sublimated.
同时这里的魔力也充裕得让人惊讶。 At the same time, the magic here is surprisingly abundant.
奇怪的是，他上辈子过来这边做副本任务时，这些山峦好像没有这么宽广无边，是他记错了，还是这里面还有其他秘密？
The strange thing is that when he came here to do a quest in his previous life, these mountains didn't seem to be so vast and boundless, was he mistaken, or were there other secrets in it?
王叶打量这片建筑群，就好像神话传说中的一座座神殿，看似独立，又用廊道连接在一起。
Wang Ye looked at this complex of buildings, like the temples in myths and legends, seemingly independent, and connected by corridors.
纯石造，雪白的石头宛如玉石。 Made of pure stone, the snow-white stone is like jade.
这也是他上辈子没有见到过的建筑群。 It was also a complex that he had never seen in his previous life.
兰道没有跟王叶介绍这片建筑都有什么用，他只是带着王叶操纵魔板直接飞入建族群的一角。
Landau didn't tell Wang Ye what the use of this building was, he just took Wang Ye to manipulate the magic board and flew directly into the corner of the building group.
这是一座只有柱子和顶部，没有围墙的宫殿。 It is a palace with only pillars and a top, and no walls.
宫殿最中心有一汪池水。 There is a pool of water in the very center of the palace.
兰道在宫殿外落下，手掌放到柱子上按了按，又让王叶同样如此行事，这才带着王叶进入殿中。
Landau fell outside the palace, put his palm on the pillar and pressed it, and asked Wang Ye to do the same, and then took Wang Ye into the palace.
走到池水边沿，兰道掏出一枚戒指抛给王叶：“这是一到四级的卷轴制作材料，足够你五个月使用。我要求不高，只要求你出来时，能制作一张四级卷轴就可以，哪怕是四级低品。”
Walking to the edge of the pool, Lan Dao took out a ring and threw it to Wang Ye: "This is a scroll making material from level 1 to level 4, which is enough for you to use for five months." I don't have high requirements, I just ask that when you come out, you can make a level 4 scroll, even if it's a level 4 low-grade. ”
王叶接过戒指，心情稍微好了一点点。 Wang Ye took the ring, and his mood was a little better.
兰道指了指池水：“进去吧，自己注意点时间，不过就算你不注意也没什么，我拿出的积分只够你使用这里一个月，时间一到你就会被丢出来。”
Landau pointed to the pool: "Go in, pay attention to your time, but even if you don't pay attention, it's nothing, the points I took out are only enough for you to use here for a month, and you will be thrown out when the time is up." ”
王叶对兰道道谢，不管起因如何，结果就是他占了大便宜。
Wang Ye thanked Landau, no matter what the cause was, the result was that he took advantage of it.
兰道神色似乎有些疲倦，如果换了任何一个人看到这样的兰道，恐怕都会为他心疼，恨不得立马为他排忧解难，并劝他好好休息。
Lan Dao seemed to be a little tired, if anyone else saw Lan Dao like this, I am afraid that they would feel sorry for him, and they couldn't wait to solve his problems immediately, and persuade him to rest well.
可惜王叶就是个对美色无感的，他喜欢看长得好看的人，但不代表他会对颜好的人动心，顶多因为他和兰道的师徒关系，让他问一声：“教授，您不舒服吗？”
It's a pity that Wang Ye is indifferent to beauty, he likes to look at good-looking people, but it doesn't mean that he will be tempted by good-looking people, at most because of his master-apprentice relationship with Landau, let him ask: "Professor, are you uncomfortable?" ”
兰道摆摆手：“别耽误时间了，快点进去。” Landau waved his hand: "Don't waste time, hurry up and get in." ”
王叶看看兰道的神色，心中忽然有所触动，他本能地打开了因果卷。
Wang Ye looked at Lan Dao's expression, and his heart was suddenly touched, and he instinctively opened the cause and effect scroll.
兰道和他之间已经连上了因果线，颜色还很新鲜，因果线也比较粗。
The causal line has been connected between Landau and him, the color is still fresh, and the causal line is relatively thick.
这说明他和兰道之间的因果比较深。 This shows that the cause and effect between him and Landau are relatively deep.
再看以兰道为中心延伸出去的因果线，其中一条因果线特别诡异。
Looking at the causal lines that extend from the center of Landau, one of the causal lines is particularly weird.
王叶顺着那条因果线找到了一个魔画框。 Wang Ye followed the causal line and found a magic frame.
死物和活人连上因果线不奇怪，奇怪的是，这条因果线竟然在把兰道的精神力和生命力输送给那个魔画框。
It is not strange that the dead and the living are connected to the causal line, but the strange thing is that this causal line is actually transmitting Landau's spiritual power and life force to that magic frame.
所以这个魔画框才会在他的因果卷中这么显眼地展示出来，因为这玩意几乎都快赶得上半生命体。
That's why this magic frame is so prominently displayed in his Cause and Effect Scroll, because this thing is almost as close to being a half-life.
他还以为兰道已经彻底脱离那个魔画框，现在看起来根本就没有断干净。
He thought that Landau had completely broken away from the magic frame, and now it didn't look like it was broken at all.
兰道教授知道这点吗？ Does Professor Landau know this?
王叶抬头看向这位大美人，“教授，您还能感觉到那幅魔画吗？”
Wang Ye looked up at the great beauty, "Professor, can you still feel that magic painting?" ”
兰道挑眉：“为什么问这个？” Landau raised an eyebrow: "Why do you ask this?" ”
王叶坦然道：“那幅魔画在我这里，我感觉到那玩意有点古怪。”
Wang Ye said calmly: "That magic painting is here with me, and I feel that thing is a little weird." ”
兰道扯起唇角，像是讽刺又像是警告：“那玩意何止古怪。如果你知道魔法口诀，倒是可以把那东西当做魔器来使用，无论是囚禁高级魔兽还是高等级的超凡者，都有效果。”
Landau pursed the corners of his lips, as if sarcastic and as if warning: "That thing is more than weird. If you know the magic formula, you can use it as a magic weapon, whether it is imprisoning a high-level magical beast or a high-level transcendent, it will have an effect. ”
王叶问了一个很关键的问题：“教授，如果我把那幅魔画拿出来，您觉得您会再被吸入那幅画里吗？”
Wang Ye asked a crucial question: "Professor, if I take out that magic painting, do you think you will be sucked into that painting again?" ”
兰道不敢保证，他回到现实世界，以为自己已经彻底脱离那幅魔画，可这几天感受下来，他发现他和那幅魔画之间很可能还存在某种联系。
Landau didn't dare to guarantee that he returned to the real world, thinking that he had completely broken away from the magic painting, but after feeling it for a few days, he found that there was probably some kind of connection between him and the magic painting.
只是那魔画应该是被放入了空间工具中，他只能模糊感觉到他和魔画之间有联系，却找不到魔画在哪里，而那幅魔画很可能也因为同样原因，不能把他再强行抓回去。
It's just that the magic painting should have been put into the space tool, and he could only vaguely feel that there was a connection between him and the magic painting, but he couldn't find where the magic painting was, and the magic painting was probably for the same reason, and he couldn't be forcibly caught back.
【任务发布：你的教授兰道被魔画囚禁，为了不让他逃离，魔画控制了兰道教授的一丝灵魂。请玩家隔壁小王帮助兰道教授获得彻底的自由，把那丝灵魂从魔画手里抢回来。任务如能完成，奖励经验值三万点。】
[Mission Release: Your professor Landau was imprisoned by the magic painting, and in order to prevent him from escaping, the magic painting controlled a trace of Professor Landau's soul. Ask the player next door Xiao Wang to help Professor Landau gain complete freedom and snatch that soul back from the magic painting. If the task can be completed, 30,000 XP points will be awarded. 】
三万点？！王叶背脊都挺直了。 30,000 points?! Wang Ye's back straightened.
从系统给出的奖励点数来看，这位兰道教授应该是个重要人物？
Judging from the reward points given by the system, this Landau professor should be an important person?
“教授，您说是我帮助您获得了自由，但实际上我自己还糊里糊涂的，完全不知道是怎样让您获得的自由，您知道吗？”王叶问道。
"Professor, you said that I helped you get free, but in fact I was confused and didn't know how to get you free, do you know?" Wang Ye asked.
兰道轻轻蹙眉：“你救人的都不知道，我怎么知道？” Landau frowned slightly: "You don't know how to save people, how do I know?" ”
王叶看着兰道和魔画之间的那条因果线，沉默。 Wang Ye looked at the causal line between Landau and the magic painting, and was silent.
等到了五十级，他将拥有一个技能【斩断因果】，只要付出一定代价就可以为自己或帮助他人斩断一条因果线，因果越深，需要付出的代价就越大。
When he reaches level 50, he will have a skill [Cut Cause and Effect], as long as he pays a certain price, he can cut a cause and effect line for himself or helping others, and the deeper the cause and effect, the greater the price he needs to pay.
就算王叶愿意为兰道付出代价帮他斩断这条因果线，但他现在连三十级都没达到，更毋庸去谈五十级。
Even if Wang Ye was willing to pay the price for Lan Dao to help him cut off this causal line, he hadn't even reached level thirty now, let alone level fifty.
“好了，我的问题我自己解决，你现在只需要做一件事，那就是好好学习。快进去，别再耽误时间。”兰道轻喝，伸手一推。
"Okay, I'll solve my problem by myself, you only need to do one thing now, and that is to study hard. Get in on the line and don't waste any more time. Landau drank lightly and reached out to push.
王叶借着那股力道进入池水。 Wang Ye used that force to enter the pool.
当王叶消失在池水中，兰道身边突然又出现两条人影。 When Wang Ye disappeared into the pond, two more figures suddenly appeared beside Lan Dao.
如果王叶还在这里，就能认出，这两位正是虫老和前药园副园长。
If Wang Ye was still here, he would be able to recognize that these two were the old worm and the former deputy director of the medicine garden.
现任副校长甘河欲言又止。 The current vice president, Gan He, wanted to speak again.
虫老冷声道：“好了，人都进去了，后悔也没用。” The worm elder said coldly: "Okay, everyone has gone in, and it's useless to regret it." ”
甘副校长叹息：“我不是后悔，我只是在想我们这样算不算拔苗助长？”
Vice President Gan sighed: "I'm not sorry, I'm just thinking about whether we can be regarded as pulling out seedlings and helping to grow?" ”
兰道开口：“他中了千木之毒，学校所有教授都对这种毒束手无策，除非当年的疯药王复活，否则那孩子必死无疑。那里虽然危险，但如果还有什么地方能解决或压制千木之毒，就只有那里了。”
Landau spoke: "He has been poisoned by a thousand trees, and all the professors in the school are helpless against this poison, unless the mad medicine king of the year is resurrected, that child will definitely die." It's dangerous, but if there's any place where you can solve or suppress the poison of a thousand trees, it's there. ”
“可是虫老不是说那孩子自己琢磨出了能压制千木之毒的药方吗？也许让他逐步成长，他能一直压制，直到他真正研究出解决千木之毒的解药也说不定。”甘副校长看向虫老。
虫老：“能压制一次，不代表能一直压制。千木之毒这种毒最可怕的地方就在于会不断变化。我现在是药帅级别，我活了多久才达到这个程度？可我现在依旧无法解决千木之毒，学校的其他教授也不能。王叶就算有天赋，等到他成长到比我们还强大的程度，要等多久？关键是他能支撑到那个时候吗？”
兰道负手，神态疲惫却又带着洒脱：“你们也不用这么担心，那里虽然危险，但也不会真正死人。如果那小子真的能撑下来，对他也有莫大好处。如果他能在里面找到压制千木之毒的方法，那就更好。就算他什么都得不到，到了时间也会被扔出来。”
甘副校长却没有那么乐观：“我就怕那里的环境太危险，要是引得千木之毒突然爆发……”
“我们只能给他铺路，但路到底要怎么走，则全看他自己。有时候人活着还是需要一些运气的。”兰道说得很冷淡，转身离开宫殿。
"We can only pave the way for him, but it's up to him how he gets it. Sometimes it takes some luck to live. Landau said coldly and turned to leave the palace.
甘副校长苦笑：“也是。唉，好不容易发现一个好苗子，对他下毒的人也太混蛋了！”
Vice Principal Gan smiled bitterly: "Yes." Alas, it was not easy to find a good seedling, and the person who poisoned him was too much of a bastard! ”
甘副校长恨得牙痒痒。 Vice Principal Gan hated it.
虫老想到当初王叶跟他说的身世，眼中闪过冷酷的光芒，别让他知道那狗屁国王是哪里的国王，否则……！
Worm Lao thought of the life experience that Wang Ye told him at the beginning, and a cold light flashed in his eyes, don't let him know where that bullshit king is, otherwise he will ......!
“走吧，那小子跟普通小孩不一样，他应该能撑下来。”虫老说完，身影就从原地消失。
"Let's go, that kid is different from ordinary children, he should be able to survive." After the worm elder finished speaking, the figure disappeared from the spot.
甘副校长再次叹息一声，跟着离开。 Vice Principal Gan sighed again and left.
另一头，王叶像是穿过一层黏胶的不适感传来，当他挣扎着伸出头和身体，突然就感到身体一松，整个人从半空中落下。
On the other end, Wang Ye seemed to feel discomfort through a layer of glue, and when he struggled to stretch out his head and body, he suddenly felt his body loosen, and the whole person fell from mid-air.
要死！王叶迅速施展轻功，凌空翻了一个跟头，降低落速，平稳地落到地上。
Die! Wang Ye quickly performed light skills, volleyed a heel, reduced the falling speed, and fell to the ground smoothly.
他还没有看清周围环境，脑中就连续响起系统提示： Before he could see his surroundings clearly, a system prompt sounded in his head:
【警告！双月星土著卷轴制作宗师兰道付出一万积分的代价，让玩家隔壁小王越级进入特殊类困难级副本“搏命之城”。但玩家隔壁小王实力低微，与本副本平均实力相差较大，随时都有死亡可能。请玩家隔壁小王慎重决定是否要接受本副本任务。】
【Warning! The Twin Moon Star Native Scroll Maker Grandmaster Landau paid the price of 10,000 points to let the player next door Xiao Wang jump into the special class of difficult-level dungeon "City of Fighting". However, the strength of Xiao Wang next door to the player is low, and the average strength of this dungeon is quite different, and there is a possibility of death at any time. Please carefully decide whether or not to accept this quest. 】
哎？不是时间修炼室吗？王叶迷惑。 Ay? Isn't it the Time Cultivation Room? Wang Ye was confused.
【请注意：本副本为无限复活副本，任务期间，本副本无法下线，即使死亡也无法离开本副本，死亡即刻掉一级。如果玩家决定接受本副本任务，请做好个人事务安排。】
[Please note: This dungeon is an infinite resurrection dungeon, during the mission, this dungeon cannot be offline, even if you die, you cannot leave this dungeon, and death will drop one level instantly.] If a player decides to accept this quest, please make personal arrangements. 】
【任务发布：玩家隔壁小王进入困难级副本“搏命之城”，本副本唯一主线任务就是活到最后！时限，副本世界时间一百五十天。建议玩家建立五人以上十五人以下的精英团队，再进入本副本。】
[Mission Release: The player next door Xiao Wang enters the difficult-level dungeon "City of Fighting", and the only main quest of this dungeon is to survive to the end! Time limit, one hundred and fifty days of quest world time. It is recommended that players build an elite team of between 5 and 15 people before entering this dungeon. 】
【本副本任务奖励详细：全程无死亡状态下，每生存一天，奖励经验值一千点。连续生存三十天，额外奖励经验值十万点。连续生存五十天，额外奖励二十万点。连续生存一百天，额外奖励经验值六十万点。连续生存一百五十天，额外奖励经验值一百万点。】
[Reward details of this dungeon's quest: In the state of no death throughout the whole process, for each day you survive, you will be rewarded with 1,000 experience points.] Survive for 30 consecutive days and get an additional 100,000 XP points. Survive for 50 consecutive days and get an extra 200,000 points. Survive for 100 consecutive days and get an additional XP of 600,000 points. Survive for 150 days in a row and get an extra 1,000,000 XP points. 】
【请问玩家是否接受任务？】 [Will the player accept the mission?] 】
等等！所以这个时间修炼室其实也是副本？ Wait a minute! So this time cultivation room is actually also a copy?
王叶并没有因为高额经验值惊讶，因为这是困难级副本，最低五十级、最高九十八级才能进入的副本。
Wang Ye was not surprised by the high experience points, because this was a difficult-level dungeon, a dungeon that could only be entered at a minimum of level fifty and a maximum of ninety-eight.
而且这个副本看似给出的经验值奖励很高，可前提是你要在全程无一次死亡的状态下，连续生存多少天才能得到相应的额外奖励经验值，否则最多只能争取一天一千点的普通奖励。
And this dungeon seems to give a high reward of experience points, but the premise is that you have to survive for many days in a row without a single death in the whole process to get the corresponding extra bonus experience points, otherwise you can only strive for a normal reward of 1,000 points a day at most.
问题是这个副本他上辈子从没有刷过，他连听都没听过。
The problem is that he had never brushed this copy in his previous life, and he had never even heard of it.
这是一个完全崭新的副本，很可能上辈子都没人能触发，也许有人触发了但没写攻略。
This is a completely new dungeon, and it's likely that no one in the previous life could trigger it, maybe someone triggered it but didn't write a guide.
不管如何，这个副本对于王叶来说非常危险。 Regardless, this copy is very dangerous for Wang Ye.
刚听到任务提示时，他还在怀疑学校和兰道教授为什么会让他进入这样一个危险副本，是不是弄错了之类。
When he first heard the quest prompt, he was still wondering why the school and Professor Landau would let him into such a dangerous dungeon, if he was mistaken.
但很快他就反应过来，这应该就是兰道教授说的时间修炼室，这里不但时间流速比外面快五倍，她还有一个让历练者无限复活的优点。
But soon he reacted, this should be the time cultivation room that Professor Landau said, not only is the time flow here five times faster than outside, but she also has the advantage of allowing the practitioner to resurrect infinitely.
换言之，就算这里真的很危险，可因为可以无限复活，反而能激发出历练者的潜力，并能放开手脚去做研究，对于学校学生来说是个非常好的试炼环境。
In other words, even if it is really dangerous here, because it can be resurrected infinitely, it can stimulate the potential of the practitioners, and they can be free to do research, which is a very good trial environment for the students of the school.
可问题来了，他不是双月星土著，他是玩家，他虽然也能在这里无限复活，但每死一次他都会掉一级。
But here's the problem, he's not a native of the Twin Moon Stars, he's a player, and although he can resurrect here infinitely, he drops one level every time he dies.
这就会导致他好不容易升上来的实力很可能会因为不断掉级也跟着不断降低。
This will lead to the strength that he has finally risen to the top of the ladder, and it is likely that he will continue to decrease because of the continuous dropping.
而他实力越低微，想要在这里生存下去也就越发困难，整一个恶性循环。
And the lower his strength, the more difficult it is to survive here, and the whole vicious circle becomes.
这大概也是兰道教授和学校方怎么都不会想到的问题。谁能想到学生中会混进一个有着系统限制的非土著？
This is probably a question that Professor Landau and the school would never have thought of. Who would have thought that a non-indigenous student would be mixed in with systemic limitations?
如果他早知道这个时间修炼室竟然是一个困难级别的副本……可惜他没办法早知道。
If he had known that this time cultivation room would have turned out to be a difficult-level copy...... It's a pity that he couldn't have known earlier.
如今来都来了，他总不能就这么放弃，更别说兰道教授还花了一万积分的代价。王叶只要把一万积分换算成一万学分，他就心疼得滴血。
Now that he's here, he can't just give up, not to mention that Professor Landau has spent 10,000 points. As long as Wang Ye converted 10,000 points into 10,000 credits, he was so distressed that he was dripping blood.
好在这里不会真的死人，这样他至少不用担心一旦死亡很可能无法像其他玩家一样复活的问题。
Fortunately, there is no real dead here, so at least he doesn't have to worry about not being able to resurrect like other players if he dies.
第159章 搏命之城 Chapter 159: The City of Death
这个任务他接了！ He took the task!
王叶深吸气，稳定心神后开始打量周围环境。 Wang Ye took a deep breath, stabilized his mind and began to look at his surroundings.
既然是搏命之城，那肯定有座城。 Since it is a city of life, there must be a city.
他现在就已经在城中，位于一条小巷内。 He was now in the city, in an alley.
咋一看这座城市就跟中古时期的城市差不多，他周围的房屋大多是砖石建造，从地面墙角的青苔和墙砖的破落程度看，这座城市应该已经有相当长的历史。
At first glance, the city looks like a city in the Middle Ages, and most of the houses around him are made of brick and stone, and judging by the moss on the corners of the ground and the crumbling of the bricks, the city must have been quite old.
走没多远，一道人影从半空落下，但对方反应也很快，施展魔法稳稳地漂浮起来，打量周围环境后，大概发现了王叶，就飞了过来。
Not far away, a figure fell from mid-air, but the other party reacted quickly, casting magic and floating steadily, after looking at the surrounding environment, he probably found Wang Ye and flew over.
“嗨，你是陨星魔法学校的？”来人大约从他的校服上判断出的来历，落到地上看清王叶模样后顿时睁大眼睛：“哇，你好小！”
"Hey, you're from the Meteorite School of Magic?" The person who came judged the origin from his school uniform, and after falling to the ground to see Wang Ye's appearance, his eyes suddenly widened: "Wow, you are so small!" ”
王叶打量对方，那是一名大约十七八岁的少年，穿着的衣服明显也是校服。
Wang Ye looked at the other party, it was a young man about seventeen or eighteen years old, and the clothes he was wearing were obviously school uniforms.
再看对方胸口别着的学生徽章。 Look at the student badge pinned to the other person's chest.
“临渊魔法学校？”这可是双月星综合排名第二的魔法学校。
"Linyuan School of Magic?" This is the second-best magic school in the overall ranking of the Double Moon Star.
“对。”少年笑道，他眼睛不大，但笑起来很可爱：“我叫狄滨，临渊炼金学院三年级生，你呢？”
"Yes." The young man smiled, his eyes were not big, but his smile was very cute: "My name is Di Bin, a third-year student of Linyuan Alchemy Academy, what about you?" ”
“王叶，陨星杂学院一年级生。” "Wang Ye, a first-year student at the Meteor Miscellaneous Academy."
狄滨惊讶，小豆豆眼都睁大了一点：“你是杂学院一年级新生？那你能来这里，肯定是天才中的天才。”
Di Bin was surprised, and Xiao Doudou's eyes widened a little: "You are a first-year freshman in the Miscellaneous Academy?" Then you can come here, it must be a genius among geniuses. ”
王叶点头：“那是。” Wang Ye nodded: "That's." ”
狄滨：“……” Dibin: "......"
王叶主动问：“你对这里熟悉吗？” Wang Ye took the initiative to ask, "Are you familiar with this place?" ”
狄滨转头四看，道：“不算熟悉，毕竟我也是第一次来。不过教授多少跟我说了一点这个秘境的事，你的教授没跟你说吗？”
Di Bin turned his head to look around and said, "It's not familiar, after all, it's my first time here." But the professor told me a little bit about this secret realm, didn't your professor tell you? ”
“我们可以交换消息，这样我们可以知道得更全面。”王叶脸上不动声色，心里把大美人教授狠狠批评了一通。
"We can exchange messages so we can know more comprehensively." Wang Ye's face was impassive, and he criticized the Great Beauty Professor fiercely in his heart.
看看，有这么当人师父的吗，把人送进这么一个危险秘境中，竟然半句说明都没有。搞得他还以为这就是一个延长时间用来学习的空间。
Look, is there such a master, sending people into such a dangerous secret realm, without even a word of explanation. He thought it was a space to extend his time to study.
狄滨是个看起来比较说话的好少年，大概是王叶太小，看着对他没有半点威胁，也可能是他觉得他知道的，王叶不可能不知道，就把他知道的信息挑着不太那么重要地说道：
Di Bin is a good boy who seems to be more talkative, probably because Wang Ye is too young, and there is no threat to him, or maybe he thinks he knows, Wang Ye can't not know, so he picks up the information he knows and says less important:
“这里是搏命之城，一个双月星前十名魔法学校共同拥有的历练秘境。正确说，这里应该算是幻境和真实秘境结合，我们看到的一切都是能量具现物，但这里的时间流速是真实的。”
"This is the City of Fighting, a secret realm of experience shared by the top ten magic schools of the Double Moon Star. To be precise, this should be regarded as a combination of illusion and real secret realm, everything we see is energy manifestation, but the flow of time here is real. ”
“据说能进入这个秘境的人，都是各魔法学校最受看重的天才。”狄滨说到这里有个微妙的停顿。
"It is said that the people who can enter this secret realm are the most valued geniuses of the various magic schools." There was a subtle pause at this point.
王叶很懂狄滨此刻在想什么。 Wang Ye understood what Di Bin was thinking at the moment.
“你说的都是我已经知道的，一点重要消息都没有。”王叶明确表达不满。
"What you said is what I already know, and there is no important news at all." Wang Ye clearly expressed his dissatisfaction.
狄滨呵呵：“你还一点都没说。” Di Bin hehe: "You haven't said anything yet. ”
王叶：“好吧，我说。教授告诉我，这里很危险，在这里最关键的就是让自己不要死。”
Wang Ye: "Okay, I said. The professor told me that it was dangerous here, and that the most important thing here was to keep yourself from dying. ”
狄滨跟着又透露一点：“教授告诉我，搏命之城的关键就是做题。”
Di Bin then revealed another point: "The professor told me that the key to the city of fighting life is to do the problem. ”
“做题？” "Do the question?"
“对，这座城市会不断给你出各种考题，让你解决，如果解决不了，就有怪物来追杀你，直到把你杀死。但如果你能达到某种程度，你会被接引到真正的修炼室。”
"Yes, the city will keep giving you all kinds of questions to solve, and if you can't solve it, monsters will come and hunt you down until they kill you. But if you can reach a certain level, you will be led to the real cultivation room. ”
到此，狄滨就不肯再透露更多，而王叶知道得更少，自然也没有什么好说的。
At this point, Di Bin refused to reveal more, and Wang Ye knew less, so naturally there was nothing to say.
两人向巷子尽头走去，走到头，竟然发现了一扇门。 The two walked towards the end of the alley, and when they got to the end, they found a door.
像是木制的大门上贴了一张纸，纸上写着什么，大门边沿只开了一丝缝隙，似乎要你去推开它。
It's like a wooden gate with a piece of paper on it, and there is only a gap in the edge of the door, as if you want to push it open.
“我们是返回另一头看看，还是推开这扇门？”狄滨看向门上贴的那张纸。
"Shall we go back to the other side and see, or shall we push this door open?" Di Bin looked at the piece of paper on the door.
王叶忽然道：“我们没有退路，只能往前进。” Wang Ye suddenly said: "We have no way to retreat, we can only move forward." ”
“为什么？”狄滨话没落音，就听到了轰隆隆的奔腾声，回头一看，就见至少四五只魔狼流着口水红着眼睛冲着他们狂奔而来。
"Why?" Before Di Bin could finish speaking, he heard a rumbling rush, and when he looked back, he saw at least four or five demon wolves rushing towards them with drooling and red eyes.
而魔狼前面有个人正在巷中狂奔。 And there was a man in front of the demon wolf who was running wild in the alley.
那人边跑边喊：“救命！兄弟们救命啊！” The man ran and shouted, "Help! Brothers, help! ”
“考验现在就来了，也太快了吧？”狄滨突然拿出一支魔弹枪，对准前方的魔狼，同时对王叶说道：“看那张纸，你想法打开这扇门，我来阻止那几只魔狼。速度！”
"The test is coming now, and it's too fast, isn't it?" Di Bin suddenly took out a magic bullet gun, aimed it at the demon wolf in front of him, and said to Wang Ye at the same time: "Look at that piece of paper, you want to open this door, and I will stop those demon wolves." Velocity! ”
狄滨会这样分配，也许是觉得魔狼更难对付？ Di Bin will distribute it like this, maybe because he thinks the demon wolf is more difficult to deal with?
王叶看向纸张内容： Wang Ye looked at the contents of the paper:
“巷道门年久失修，被锈住了。想要推开它和关闭它，需要一点特殊方法。偏偏有几只魔狼被关在了这条巷子中，它们被饿了很久，现在它们看到你们一心只想吃了你们。不想被活活咬死，就动动你的脑筋吧。”
"The roadway door was in disrepair and rusted. To push it away and close it, you need a little special method. There are a few demon wolves locked up in this alley, they have been hungry for a long time, and now they see that you are bent on eating you. If you don't want to be bitten alive, use your brain. ”
王叶：……这是什么破考题？
一道身影冲过王叶身边，急慌慌地伸手就去推那扇木门。
A figure rushed past Wang Ye's side, and hurriedly stretched out his hand to push the wooden door.
刺啦一道电流。 A burst of electricity stabbed.
来人被电得整个人都剧烈颤抖起来。 The person who came was so electrified that the whole person trembled violently.
王叶见势不妙，迅速拿出一根木棍把来人的手和木门强行分开。
Seeing that the situation was not good, Wang Ye quickly took out a wooden stick and forcibly separated the hands of the visitors from the wooden door.
砰，来人一屁股坐到地上，头发都被电得炸起来。 Bang, the person sat on the ground, and his hair was blown up by electricity.
狄滨那边已经开始攻击那几只魔狼。 Di Bin's side had already begun to attack those demon wolves.
王叶不再管地上那个人，他先试着用木棍去推动木门，推不动。
Wang Ye no longer cared about the person on the ground, he first tried to push the wooden door with a wooden stick, but he couldn't push it.
年久失修，锈住…… In disrepair, rusty ......
王叶掏出一瓶大豆油，蹲到门轴那里想往里面倒油，却在门轴那里发现了一张卷起来的纸条。
Wang Ye took out a bottle of soybean oil, squatted down to the door shaft and wanted to pour oil into it, but found a rolled up note at the door shaft.
他把纸条取出，按照原计划倒了一点油在门轴里。 He took out the note and poured a little oil into the shaft as planned.
王叶再去伸手推门，木门依然僵硬如故。 Wang Ye reached out and pushed the door again, but the wooden door was still as stiff as ever.
“门打开了没有？”狄滨吼。 "Is the door open?" Dibin roared.
王叶：“还没，你再坚持一会儿。” Wang Ye: "Not yet, you hold on for a while." ”
魔弹连续发射，可那几只魔狼竟然极为灵活，闪躲速度特别快，狄滨不得不催促：“快快快！”
The magic bullets were fired continuously, but those demon wolves were extremely flexible and dodged very fast, and Di Bin had to urge: "Hurry up, hurry up!" ”
王叶打开纸条，只见纸条上像是谁随意记下的一句话：“3月5号，巡检记录，千斤藤缠住了门轴。”
Wang Ye opened the note, only to see a sentence on the note that seemed to have been written down by someone at random: "On March 5th, the inspection record showed that the jack vine was entangled in the door shaft." ”
这就是线索了，重点应该就是除去千斤藤。 This is the clue, and the point should be to get rid of the jack vine.
而想要除掉千斤藤，有很多方法，基本擅长什么就可以用什么。
And if you want to get rid of the jack vine, there are many ways, and you can use whatever you are good at.
王叶想到了一个最简单的方法，他用精神力锁定那缠住门轴的千斤藤，同时施展汲草术。
Wang Ye thought of the easiest way, he used his spiritual power to lock the thousand jin vine that was entangled in the door shaft, and at the same time cast the grass drawing technique.
一道绿色的精华液浮起。王叶用瓶子装了。 A green serum floated. Wang Ye was bottled.
那千斤藤也迅速枯萎。 The thousand pounds of vines also withered rapidly.
那个被电的少年似乎也终于恢复过来，颤抖着手掏出一瓶药剂仰头喝了。
The young man who had been electrocuted seemed to have finally recovered, and with trembling hands, he took out a bottle of potion and drank it with his head up.
“喂，那位，你要是能动了，过来帮忙啊！”狄滨喊。 "Hey, that, if you can move, come and help!" Di Bin shouted.
被电的少年爬起来，果然去帮忙对付魔狼了。 The boy who was electrocuted got up and went to help deal with the demon wolf.
王叶还是不敢用手去触摸木门，仍旧用木棍去推。 Wang Ye still didn't dare to touch the wooden door with his hands, and still pushed it with a wooden stick.
这次木门就不再是那么顽固，只略微用了点劲，就把木门推开。
This time, the wooden door was no longer so stubborn, and with only a little effort, the wooden door was pushed open.
木门推开刹那，一个小盒子从天而降，差点砸在王叶脑门上。
The moment the wooden door was pushed open, a small box fell from the sky and almost smashed on the door of Wang Ye's head.
这小盒子还bilingbiling发出引人注意的光芒。
The little box also bilingbiling glows with an eye-catching glow.
王叶捡起盒子，先没看，而是回头喊道：“门开了，快过来。”
Wang Ye picked up the box, didn't look at it first, but turned around and shouted, "The door is open, come here." ”
那名被电的少年第一个跑过来，但他没敢第一个冲进门里，而是看向王叶……手中拿着的小盒子。
The young man who was electrocuted was the first to run over, but he didn't dare to rush into the door first, but looked at Wang Ye...... A small box in your hand.
王叶没理他，看狄滨边抵御那几只魔狼，边往这边跑。他就对那几只魔狼施展了【纠缠不休】，用因果线缠住那几只魔狼的腿脚，拖慢它们的速度。
Wang Ye ignored him, and watched Di Bin run this way while defending against those demon wolves. He used [entanglement] on those demon wolves, wrapping the legs and feet of those demon wolves with cause and effect threads, slowing them down.
狄滨趁此机会摆脱那些魔狼，转身就跑进打开的木门中。
Di Bin took the opportunity to get rid of the demon wolves, turned around and ran into the open wooden door.
那名被电的少年看狄滨跑过去，他才跟着跑过去。 The young man who was electrocuted saw Di Bin running over, so he ran over.
王叶最后跟上。 Wang Ye finally followed.
他没留下去杀死那些魔狼，他到现在还没怎么搞清楚情况，狼是最记仇的动物，他怕自己杀了一只会引来无穷只。
He didn't stay to kill those demon wolves, he still didn't know much about the situation, wolves are the most vengeful animals, and he was afraid that killing one would attract an infinite number of them.
王叶回头把大门合上，没找到插销，却看到原本应该有插销的部位缠了一根草。
Wang Ye turned around and closed the door, but he didn't find the latch, but he saw a piece of grass wrapped around the part where the latch should have been.
所以那根千斤藤原本是替代了门栓的作用？ So that jack vine originally replaced the role of the door bolt?
正好王叶前两天刚制作了一些封禁卷轴，这时就拿出一张，拉开封口，对着无法拴紧的木门就把卷轴扔了过去。
It happened that Wang Ye had just made some forbidden scrolls two days ago, so he took out one, opened the seal, and threw the scrolls against the wooden door that could not be tightened.
卷轴凌空打开，化作一道薄膜啪地贴到大门和门边沿上。
The scroll opened in the air, turning into a film that snapped onto the door and the edge of the door.
“封禁卷轴？”狄滨一眼看了出来。 "Ban scrolls?" Di Bin saw it at a glance.
王叶听到对面的魔狼把木门撞得咚咚响，但他这张封禁卷轴的效果还不错，至少还能再抵挡半小时。
Wang Ye heard the demon wolf on the opposite side knock the wooden door together, but the effect of his forbidden scroll was not bad, and he could resist it for at least another half an hour.
被电的少年指着王叶的手道：“刚才是不是掉奖励了？盒子里面装的是什么？”
The electric young man pointed to Wang Ye's hand and said, "Did you drop the reward just now?" What's in the box? ”
王叶啪地打开盒子，顺便打开了因果卷，他只是出于谨慎想看看这两个已经和他产生因果联系的少年的详细底细以及有没有谋害他的念头。
Wang Ye snapped open the box and opened the cause and effect scroll by the way, he just wanted to see the details of the two teenagers who had a causal connection with him and whether they had any thoughts of murdering him.
咦？王叶眨了眨眼睛。 Hey? Wang Ye blinked.
狄滨和被电少年一起靠近王叶，看向盒子里面。 Di Bin and the electrocuted boy approached Wang Ye together and looked inside the box.
“这是种子？”狄滨皱眉。 "This is a seed?" Di Bin frowned.
王叶捏起一棵种子，迅速得出判断：“千斤草的种子，看样子大约有一百颗，我们平分？”
Wang Ye pinched up a seed and quickly made a judgment: "The seeds of the thousand catties of grass seem to be about a hundred, and we will divide them equally?" ”
狄滨摆摆手：“我要种子没用，你喜欢你留着吧。” Di Bin waved his hand: "It's useless for me to ask for seeds, you like you to keep them." ”
被电少年也跟着道：“这次的奖励就你收着吧，下次再补给我们。”
The electric boy also followed: "You can take the reward this time, and make it up to us next time." ”
王叶在心中呵呵。这个被电少年真的是打得好算盘，千斤草种子在他眼中大概属于不值钱也没什么用处的东西，放弃也不心疼，能用它来换下次的奖励当然划算。
Wang Ye was in his heart. This electric boy is really a good calculation, the thousand catties of grass seeds are probably worthless and useless in his eyes, and he doesn't feel distressed if he gives up, and it is certainly cost-effective to use it in exchange for the next reward.
不过别人看不上这些种子，王叶却很喜欢。 However, others don't look down on these seeds, but Wang Ye likes them very much.
千斤草虽然只是二级魔植，但用处多多，而且特别坚韧，否则也不会用它来当门栓，还能抵得住那些魔狼的撞击。
Although the jack grass is only a second-level demon plant, it has a lot of uses, and it is particularly tough, otherwise it would not be used as a door bolt, and it can withstand the impact of those demon wolves.
没见只千斤草缠住门轴，那些魔狼就无法撞开木门嘛。 I didn't see a thousand catties of grass wrapped around the door shaft, and those demon wolves couldn't break open the wooden door.
感谢你们的没眼光。王叶高高兴兴地收起这份奖励。 Thank you for your lack of vision. Wang Ye happily put away the reward.
虽然这个副本听起来坑爹了一些，但有奖励就是好副本。
Although this quest may sound a bit tricky, a good quest with a reward is a good one.
他原本都做好耍赖的准备……躲到虫巢里，随便在副本里找个地方窝起来，就在虫巢里学习和练习各门专业技能，等要出去那天露个脸，这个任务就能用最简单、最安全的方式完成。
He was ready to cheat...... Hide in the hive, find a place to nest in the dungeon, learn and practice various professional skills in the hive, and show your face on the day you go out, this task can be completed in the easiest and safest way.
虫巢和他是一体，他待在哪个空间，虫巢就在哪个空间，所以他就算躲到虫巢里，享受到的也是五比一的时间流速。
The hive is one with him, and wherever he stays, the hive is in which, so even if he hides in the hive, what he enjoys is a five-to-one time flow rate.
要不是有这么一个后盾，他会这么干脆地接下这个必定会死上二十几次的生存任务吗？他爬等级很辛苦的好吧。
If it weren't for such a backing, would he have taken on this survival mission that was bound to die more than twenty times so easily? He's working hard to climb the ranks, okay.
当然，他也不觉得这个副本真的会发现不了这么一个bug，很可能这个副本中会有对空间比较敏感的存在，能直接找到虫巢并攻击虫巢，否则这个副本任务简直就像是学校和系统联手凭白送他一百万点经验值。
Of course, he doesn't think that this dungeon will really not find such a bug, it is likely that there will be a space-sensitive existence in this dungeon, which can directly find the hive and attack the hive, otherwise this dungeon task is like the school and the system teaming up to give him a million experience points for nothing.
不过就算不能长期赖在虫巢里，也可以把虫巢当做保险用。
However, even if you can't stay in the hive for a long time, you can still use the hive as insurance.
狄滨那边已经和被电少年聊上了：“兄弟，自我介绍一下，你哪里的？叫什么？”
Di Bin had already chatted with the electrocuted boy: "Brother, introduce yourself, where are you?" What is it called? ”
被电少年：“雅格，西顿魔法学校魔药学院四年级生。”
Electrocuted Boy: "Yager, a fourth-year Potions student at Sidon School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. ”
狄滨自我介绍，又介绍了王叶的来历。 Di Bin introduced himself and introduced Wang Ye's origin.
雅格对王叶点点头：“刚才太急，还没谢谢你把我从木门上拉开。”
Yager nodded to Wang Ye: "I was in a hurry just now, and I haven't thanked you for pulling me away from the wooden door." ”
王叶摆摆手：“顺手而已。我们快点离开这里，我那只是一级卷轴，顶不了多长时间。”
Wang Ye waved his hand: "It's just easy." Let's get out of here quickly, I'm just a level 1 scroll, and it won't last long. ”
三人便各自分开，开始在这个不大的小花园里找出路。 The three of them parted and began to find their way through the small garden.
除了他们过来时的那扇门，这个小花园其他面都是围墙。
Except for the gate through which they came, the small garden was walled on all sides.
他们试着跳上墙头，从上面离开，但每次跳到围墙上，都像是被什么无形的东西给拦阻住，逼着他们又不得不跳下来。
They tried to jump on the top of the wall and leave from it, but every time they jumped on the wall, it was as if they were stopped by something invisible, forcing them to jump off again.
王叶站到花园一角，观察整个花园的布局，他还没有看出究竟，就听到狄滨喊道：“这边来！这下面有一口井。”
Wang Ye stood in a corner of the garden and observed the layout of the entire garden, and before he could see what was going on, he heard Di Bin shouting, "Come here!" There's a well down there. ”
狄滨发现了一块石板，掀了开来，露出下面一个黑幽幽的井口。
Di Bin found a stone slab and lifted it open, revealing a dark wellhead below.
“这会是出口吗？” "Could this be an exit?"
雅阁也靠过去，探头看了看：“应该就是了。” Accord also leaned over and looked at it: "It should be." ”
王叶收回打量花园的目光，看看狄滨和雅阁，再次打开因果卷瞅了瞅。
Wang Ye withdrew his gaze from looking at the garden, looked at Di Bin and Accord, and opened the cause and effect scroll again to take a look.
有点尴尬呢，他要怎么告诉这两人，他们的真实身份和来历都在因果卷上显示得明明白白？
It's a little embarrassing, how can he tell these two people that their true identities and origins are clearly displayed on the cause and effect scroll?
他就说怎么会这么巧，他进入这里，立刻就能遇到两个也刚刚进来的其他学校的学生。
He said how could it be so coincidental, he entered here, and immediately met two students from other schools who had just entered.
难不成大家都凑在这个时间申请进入这个秘境？ Could it be that everyone has applied to enter this secret realm at this time?
看了因果卷才知道，这他么就两个副本NPC！ After reading the cause and effect volume, I realized that there are only two dungeon NPCs!
他猜测，这两个NPC前期应该是起到帮新人了解和适应副本的作用，中后期可能起到推动剧情的作用，说不定其中之一还会搞个背后捅刀、翻脸就变成怪之类的把戏。
He guessed that these two NPCs should play a role in helping newcomers understand and adapt to the dungeon in the early stage, and they may play a role in promoting the plot in the middle and late stages, and maybe one of them will also engage in a trick like stabbing in the back and turning his face to become weird.
虽然知道了两人的底细，但王叶决定就假装什么都不知道，先跟着两人了解一下这个副本也好。
Although he knew the details of the two, Wang Ye decided to pretend that he didn't know anything, and it would be good to follow the two of them to learn about this copy first.
嗯？王叶瞬间感到有谁在看他。 Well? Wang Ye instantly felt that someone was watching him.
他假装观察周围环境，转动头颅向四边看，什么都没有找到。
He pretended to observe his surroundings, turned his head to look around, and found nothing.
但那种被观察感却怎么都挥之不去。 But the feeling of being observed never gets away.
王叶当下就决定谨慎一点使用虫巢，他不怕虫巢被发现，但能少一事还是少一事的好。
Wang Ye immediately decided to use the hive cautiously, he was not afraid of the hive being discovered, but it was better to have one less thing.
接下来，王叶就跟着两名少年跳入井中，兢兢业业地跟着他们做任务。
Next, Wang Ye jumped into the well with the two teenagers and conscientiously followed them to do the task.
这些任务都不难，真的像是在给王叶一个适应过程一般。
These tasks are not difficult, it is really like giving Wang Ye an adaptation process.
而王叶一路上只要是能使用卷轴解决问题的地方就都使用了卷轴。
And Wang Ye used scrolls along the way wherever he could use scrolls to solve problems.
其实只要心细的人就会发现，这两名少年在做任务过程中基本就只起到一个辅助作用，比如阻拦怪兽，给王叶创造想办法和找线索的时间，或者就是指明方向，确保王叶能在“正确”的道路上走下去。
也幸好王叶解决问题的速度不慢，至今都没有碰到警戒线……在两名同伴精疲力尽抵抗不住怪物前就把问题解决了。
另外需要注意的是，少年狄滨一直表现得落落大方爽朗还有点可爱，而雅阁则显得斤斤计较小鸡肚肠，看你的眼神也像是在暗中算计你。
王叶心想如果他不知道这两人是NPC，这时应该已经把狄滨当好伙伴看，而开始排斥雅阁。
恐怕他真的这么做的话，就彻底落入副本挖出来的大坑中。
同时王叶再次肯定，他被人暗中观察了，谁让他精神力现在特别强。而且对方根本没有隐瞒的意思，或者是对方压根就没想到他的窥探会被人发现。
是谁在观察他，学校教授？
不，不像是，那隐隐透出的阴冷气息，可不像是活人的精神力。
眼看一天时间就要过去，刚刚从另一口水井爬出来的三人都感到了疲累。
外面的天也黑了。
“我们找个地方休息吧。”狄滨话音刚落。
雅阁就满脸惊恐地道：“这是什么地方？我们应该没有走多远吧？我们这是出城了吗？”
狄滨也看清了周围环境，当下神情就变得严肃许多：“也许吧。”
王叶：没有也许。我们压根就没有离开这座城。这可是搏命之城，只要我们还在这个副本里，就不可能离开这座城。
但他们现在周围已经看不到一栋房屋，全都是一个又一个大大小小的坟包。
王叶当即就生出一种“新手保护期结束，副本即将对你放大招”的危险感。
雅阁的声音突然变得颤抖：“有什么从坟墓里出来了。”
狄滨转头四看，一拉王叶，手指西边，低声道：“看到没有，那里有座塔，那里似乎有亮光，等会儿我们就往那边跑。”
王叶：“……”考验升级了吗？
王叶瞅着他和狄滨之间变得红得发黑的因果线，对狄滨充满信赖的天真一笑，道：“好啊。”
他也想知道做题做到什么程度才会被接引到真正的修炼室。
第160章 知识之塔
坟墓里爬出来的东西在后面追着他们，两个大少年带着一个小少年在前面狂奔。
亮着灯光的高塔越来越近，后面的怪物也越追越急，隐约还能听到沉闷恐怖的吼叫声。
“快！我们马上就到了！”狄滨高喊。
雅阁加快速度，冲过了跑在前面的狄滨，第一个冲进前方高塔。
狄滨紧随其后，进入高塔时还不忘回头去看王叶。
王叶速度也不慢，他正想打量这座高塔，却被狄滨伸手一拉，给拉了进去。
后面紧追的怪物似乎对高塔有所忌惮，在外面发出声声吼叫，却没有再追过来。
狄滨和雅阁进了高塔后，都松了口气，还相视一笑。
“王叶，你没事吧？”狄滨回头问。
王叶摇头，抬头看。
这座高塔内部意外得破败不堪，沿着墙边的木质楼梯都断裂了好几根，到处挂满蛛网。
“咚！”巨大的关门声在三人身后响起。
三人一起回头，就见刚刚还敞开的高塔门关上了。
雅阁哆嗦了一下：“这里也不像是什么善地。”
狄滨镇定地道：“总比被外面那群怪物包围得好。”
雅阁被说服，抬头往上看，问：“我们今晚就在这里休息吗？要不要上去？感觉上面更安全一些。”
“那我先上去探……”
狄滨话没说完，石塔里就响起了一道拿腔拿调、充满贵族腔的男子声音：“我的朋友，欢迎来到我的知识之塔。知识之塔只欢迎有才学的人，想要在这里停驻，你得用你的才华征服这座塔。如果你们无法征服它，那你们只能受到惩罚。”
雅阁叫：“我就知道这里也不会是什么好地方！”
狄滨低喝：“安静。那个声音还没说完。”
“……每答对一次，可获得一个小时的休息时间。连续答对十题，可以获得连续五个小时的休息时间并能前往上一层知识之塔。如三人中有任何一人答题失败，其他两人的休息时间也将一起取消。连续数也将重新开始计算。如不想拖队友后腿，可选择退出，退出者会被惩罚。”
三人静默。
难度果然提高了，他们三人相当于绑到了一起，只要三人中有谁出漏子，他们就会有很大麻烦。
王叶：“……”他几乎可以想到后续发展是怎样的，可他偏偏得假装什么都不知道。
男子声音：“知识之塔的出口在最上层，请努力吧，我的朋友。准备时间五分钟。现在，请选择你们的专业方向。”
狄滨看向雅阁和王叶，说道：“事情已经如此，看来我们只有攀登到这座塔的最上层才有可能离开。”
雅阁不信邪地去推门，不过他受到上次电击的教训，这次推门，他拿出了他的魔器。
但不管是推还是拉，雅阁还使用了魔法口诀来开门，那扇门都纹丝不动。
狄滨：“时间不多，我们该做准备了。”
雅阁转头：“我可以最高炼制三级魔法药剂。你们呢？”
狄滨：“我也可以最高炼制三级魔器。”
两人一起看王叶。
王叶满脸惭愧道：“我现在就只能制作一级和二级的卷轴。”
狄滨一击掌，仰头对着石塔说道：“你听到了吗？我们三人分别选择魔法药剂制作、魔器制作、以及卷轴制作。”
转瞬，石塔空地上就冒出了三张工作台，上面甚至准备好了相应的工具。
雅阁紧张，喊道：“等等，惩罚是什么？如果我们答不出来会怎样？”
贵族腔的男子声音再次冒出，自以为幽默地道：“惩罚多种多样，总有一款是你们喜欢的。选择退出者，就说明你没有存在的价值，只能被销毁。”
雅阁脸都白了。
王叶：呵。
“第一题，请用你们各自的专业技能，设法解决连日干旱田地干涸的问题。做好的作品请放到工作台的成品区。时间十分钟，开始！”
雅阁低骂一声，迅速扑到药剂制作台前，拿出相应药材。
狄滨也走到了炼金台前，开始了初期材料处理。
王叶仰头：“喂，知识之塔，我有办法解决你的问题，但没带材料怎么办？”
贵族腔男音：“说出你需要的材料，知识之塔会为你提供。”
王叶满意地点点头，这还差不多。
狄滨和雅阁一起转头看王叶，表情很难以说明，这时候还能想到材料的问题，这小孩大概是初生牛犊不怕虎？
王叶不管那两人怎么看他，他走到工作台前，就报出了一连串需要的工具和材料，其中包括空白卷轴和专业墨水。
卷轴制作时墨水和空白卷轴都很重要，打个比方，你想要做一个火系法术的卷轴，那自然是用火能量蕴含较多的墨水来制作能更出效果。
这也是为什么某系的魔法师制作某系的卷轴，效果会特别好的原因。
空白卷轴同样，承载材料很重要。
但卷轴制作如果从墨水调配到空白卷轴都要卷轴师自己制作，那就太消耗时间，而且也不符合卷轴师的专业方向。
所以空白卷轴一般都是炼金师制作，只有墨水才会由卷轴师自己调配。
但讲究的卷轴师会连卷轴和墨水在内，都自己调配制作。
现在王叶没那个时间，这个时间之塔给出的答题时间只有十分钟，他当然就要了现成的空白卷轴和墨水。
这种空白卷轴和墨水就是通用型，属性平均，是普通卷轴师最常使用的类型。
王叶看到一应工具全都俱全，这才拿起卷轴制作笔沾了墨水开始绘制卷轴。
王叶也没特意藏拙，他把这个秘境当做了一个验证自己所学并锻炼自己所学的地方。
难者不会，会者不难，只用了一分钟不到，他就把小雨卷轴绘制好了。
王叶把卷轴往成品区一放。
卷轴没有消失。
王叶闲着没事，就看向狄滨和雅阁。
狄滨还好，这道题对于炼金系也不算很难，只是要卡在十分钟内做出一样成品，他得拼命加快速度。
雅阁情况就不太好了，他听完题目也觉得不难，但要用什么样的魔法药剂才能滋润田地，他就有点麻爪了。
“十分钟到！”知识之塔刚喊了一声，石塔空地中间就出现了三小块干涸的田地。
“请对你们面前的田地分别使用你们的作品。”
雅阁拿起一瓶魔法药剂，弯身把药剂倒入田地里。
很快，肉眼可见的，田地变得微微湿润了一些。
“通过。”
雅阁松了口气。
狄滨紧接着跟上，他拿出的是一个简易洒水壶，他先是握着洒水壶晃了晃，洒水壶一沉，变得比刚才有份量多了。
狄滨倾斜洒水壶，清水浇到干涸的土块上。
“通过。”
狄滨脸上也露出了微笑。
王叶第三个上，他打开卷轴封口，手一挥，卷轴就停在那小块干涸田地上滴下了稀稀落落的雨滴。
“通过。”
三人全都通过，可惜没有任何奖励。
“全员通过，每人都获得一个小时的休息时间，请诸位珍惜休息时间，准备迎接第二题。”
王叶就在工作台边上，拿出一个床垫放到地上，倒头就睡。
狄滨和雅阁也都携带着储物工具，他们也分别拿出铺盖，进入休息状态。
一时，石塔第一层变得极为安静，只能隐约听到三人的呼吸声。
一个小时很快过去，第二题要求他们为一头身上长满跳蚤的牛解决它身上的跳蚤，但不能伤害到牛本身。
三人同样轻松过关，再次获得一个小时的休息时间。
这种断断续续的休息其实很累人，如果没有专门的秒睡技巧，只能闭目养神，快要朦胧睡着时就被迫醒来，比没睡还难受。
好在三人都是超凡者，他们可以选择冥想来恢复消耗的精神力和魔力，实在不行就喝药剂。
但他们的神经已经一天都绷得紧紧的，还没有得到良好休息，又一直在想法解决问题，脑力消耗巨大。
如此三次考核过后，三人脸上都出现了疲态。
王叶悄悄把小光从虫巢中呼唤出来，让它帮自己站岗，如此他才能放心进入半深眠状态。
第四次、第五次……
可能石塔第一层的问题都不难解决，差不多一二级的作品就能搞定，三人还算顺利地连续答完十题，得到了五个小时的休息时间。
五个小时后，三人醒来，连脸都顾不得洗，就往二楼跑。
因为那个声音又冒出来说他们必须在一分钟内离开石塔一层，否则就会被攻击。
三人跑到二楼，二楼看起来没那么败落，工作台也都给他们准备好了。
“一座小城被强盗攻打，城门眼看就要危险，请设法帮助小城的城门守卫守住城门不被打开。时间半小时，开始！”
三人先思考，后跟知识之塔要材料，然后才动手。
王叶目前为止应付的还不算吃力，但雅阁和狄滨，尤其是狄滨的眉头越皱越深。
不是狄滨不能应付这些问题，而是时间和精神力以及魔力的损耗。
不管制作哪种作品，都需要时间，炼金尤其如此，有些魔器比较复杂，还需要进行锻造。如此一来，狄滨的时间就最紧，他必须拿出全部实力并凝聚全部精神力加快速度，并不容许半途出错。
否则一切就得从头再来，他时间就不够了。
雅阁炼制魔法药剂同样如此，有些药材前期处理很需要时间，魔法药剂反应也需要时间。
偏偏知识之塔给出的时间都是将将好的时间，理论上都是可以完成的时间，可一旦出错，时间就不够了，材料也会不够。
雅阁第一个出现问题，他炼制一副药材失败，跟知识之塔索要第二付药材，被拒绝。
雅阁只能从自己带的药材中拼凑出需要的材料，将将在最后一秒完成药剂。
第二层第三轮，狄滨也失手了，他也没有得到新的材料，只能拿出自己的材料，可最后他还是失败了。
In the third round of the second layer, Di Bin also missed, and he didn't get new materials, so he could only take out his own materials, but in the end he still failed.
因为狄滨失败，其他两人就算制作成功，这一关他们仍旧算没有通过，而且也没有了一小时的休息时间，他们必须紧接着重新答题。
Because Di Bin failed, even if the other two made it successful, they still didn't pass the level, and they didn't have an hour of rest, they had to answer the question again immediately afterward.
更糟糕的是，狄滨被惩罚了，他被突然出现的冰块包裹，浑身浸泡在冰水中足足五分钟，人出来时，脸都青了。
To make matters worse, Di Bin was punished, he was wrapped in ice cubes that suddenly appeared, and his whole body was soaked in ice water for a full five minutes, and when he came out, his face was blue.
更更糟糕的是，因为一次失败，连续数也要重新计算，他们相当于要重新开始第二层第一轮答题。
What's worse is that because of a failure, the consecutive numbers have to be recalculated, which is equivalent to having to start the second level of the first round of answers.
雅阁脸色难看，看了看狄滨，想说什么又忍下。 Accord's face was ugly, he looked at Di Bin, and he wanted to say something but endured it.
迅速灌了一瓶药剂的狄滨对自己使用魔法，让身上衣服变干，这才对两人不好意思地笑笑，既是道歉也是给两人鼓劲道：“下次我会小心。”
Di Bin, who quickly poured a bottle of potion, used magic on himself to dry out the clothes on his body, and then smiled embarrassedly at the two, both apologizing and encouraging the two: "I'll be careful next time." ”
可炼制失手这种事就不是小心能解决的。 But refining misses this kind of thing is not something that can be solved by care.
一级的作品，他们的成功率都不错。但到了二级，他们的成功率就开始大大下降，不是每个人都像王叶这么变态，成功率能达到近乎百分之百。
Level 1 works, their success rate is good. But when they reach the second level, their success rate begins to drop greatly, not everyone is as perverted as Wang Ye, and the success rate can reach almost one hundred percent.
就是王叶，那也只是近乎百分百，他也有失手的时候。 Even Wang Ye, it was only nearly 100%, and he also missed sometimes.
而且他们都累了，仅仅五个小时的休息根本不够。 And they were all tired, and just five hours of rest was simply not enough.
雅阁和狄滨都开始喝精神力与魔力的恢复药剂，但没卵用。
Both Accord and Di Bin began to drink mental and magic recovery potions, but to no avail.
他们的出错率都在增加。 They're all getting their error rate on the rise.
王叶反而是三人中最稳定的一个。 Wang Ye is the most stable of the three.
接连三次答题，狄滨和雅阁都有失手发生，换言之，他们已经连续三题都没有得到休息。
Three times in a row, Di Bin and Accord have missed, in other words, they have not been rested for three consecutive questions.
狄滨和雅阁也都被惩罚，雅阁挨了二十鞭，狄滨继冰水浸泡后又被蒸了五分钟，出来时人都快熟了。
Dibin and Accord were also punished, Accord received twenty lashes, and Dibin was steamed for five minutes after being soaked in ice water, and when he came out, he was almost ripe.
而且他们的连续数也不得不一次次重新计算。 And their contiguous numbers also had to be recalculated again and again.
这种看不到希望的焦躁感才是对三人最大的打击。 This sense of hopeless anxiety is the biggest blow to the trio.
“这根本完不成！根本不可能做到！这还只是第二层，我们连第二层都通不过，后面更不可能通过！”雅阁在再一次失败后，焦躁地大喊起来。
"It's not going to be done! It's simply impossible! This is only the second layer, we can't even get through the second layer, and it's impossible to pass through the back! Accord shouted anxiously after another failure.
狄滨受他影响，跟着失败。 Di Bin was influenced by him and failed.
王叶却像是什么都没有听见，把最后一笔画完，守护卷轴制作成功。
狄滨和雅阁一起看向王叶，他们原先觉得这个小孩应该是三人中实力最差的一个，没想到却成了他们三人中最稳的一个。
王叶看着两人再次被惩罚。
狄滨和雅阁似乎豁出去了，接下来的一次答题，总算三人一起过关。
终于再一次获得难得的一个小时休息，三人都瘫了。 Finally, once again they got a rare hour's rest, and all three of them were paralyzed.
正闭目养神的王叶感觉有人在接近自己。 Wang Ye, who was closing his eyes and recuperating, felt that someone was approaching him.
小光静悄悄地趴在王叶的肩膀上，盯着来人。 Xiaoguang quietly lay on Wang Ye's shoulder, staring at the comer.
第161章 干掉拖后腿的 Chapter 161: Kill the Dragger
来人是雅阁，他轻轻推了推王叶。 It was Accord, and he gently pushed Wang Ye.
王叶翻了个身，极自然地躲过了雅阁的手。 Wang Ye turned over and naturally dodged Accord's hand.
“有事？”王叶像是被惊醒一般，睁开眼睛，压低声音问。
"Something?" As if awakened, Wang Ye opened his eyes and asked in a low voice.
对面，狄滨似乎累惨了，睡得都打出了呼噜声。 On the other side, Di Bin seemed to be tired and snoring from his sleep.
雅阁在王叶身边蹲下，同样用极小的声音说道：“我们不能再这样下去，如果我们三人继续绑定在一起，我们谁都无法走到最后。”
Accord squatted down beside Wang Ye, and also said in a very small voice: "We can't go on like this, if the three of us continue to be bound together, none of us will be able to go to the end." ”
王叶坐起身：“哦？你有什么好主意？” Wang Ye sat up: "Oh? What are your good ideas? ”
雅阁一咬牙：“我们必须有取舍。” Accord gritted his teeth: "We must have a choice." ”
王叶：“嗯。” Wang Ye: "Hmm. ”
雅阁眼睛一亮：“你也这么认为对吗？我不是对狄滨有意见，他很好，但炼金需要花的时间真的太长了，到目前为止，他已经失手三次。我相信你也能看出来，他已经不行了，就算我们不带着他，他也不可能再坚持下去。再受一次惩罚，他的身体九成就会崩溃，到时候……他的存在就是完完全全在拖后腿。”
Accord's eyes lit up: "You think so too, right?" I don't have an opinion on Dibin, he's fine, but alchemy takes really too long, and he's missed three times so far. I'm sure you can tell that he's no longer good, and even if we don't take him with us, he won't be able to hold on any longer. If he is punished again, his body will collapse, and when the time comes, ...... His existence is completely dragging his feet. ”
王叶看着雅阁，点头：“你说的对。” Wang Ye looked at Accord and nodded: "You're right." ”
雅阁看王叶如此通透，笑了，低声道：“如果我们意见一致，那么接下来我们就劝狄滨自己退出吧。”
Seeing that Wang Ye was so transparent, Accord smiled and said in a low voice: "If we agree, then let's persuade Di Bin to quit by himself." ”
王叶：“如果他不愿退出呢？退出就会被销毁，谁也不愿意死亡。”
Wang Ye: "What if he doesn't want to quit?" If you quit, you will be destroyed, and no one wants to die. ”
“反正他又不会真的死亡，他只是暂时无法离开这座石塔，说不定只剩他一个人，他更容易闯到石塔最高层。”雅阁急道。
"Anyway, he won't really die, he just can't leave this stone tower for the time being, maybe he is the only one left, and it will be easier for him to break into the top of the stone tower." Accord said urgently.
王叶眯眼：“不会真的死亡？” Wang Ye squinted: "Won't you really die?" ”
“对。”雅阁舔了舔嘴唇：“在这个秘境，我们不会真正死亡，十二个小时后就会重新复活。但只要那个人死了，知识之塔就会认可那个人的死亡，不会再把他加进我们的队伍。”
"Yes." Accord licked his lips: "In this secret realm, we will not really die, and we will be resurrected in twelve hours." But as long as that person dies, the Tower of Knowledge will recognize that person's death and will not add him to our ranks again. ”
“不会真的死亡就好。”王叶露出灿烂笑容。 "It's good that you don't really die." Wang Ye smiled brightly.
雅阁也跟着笑，心想小孩子就是好糊弄。虽说不会真正死亡，但谁死亡一次再复活能不付出代价？
Accord also laughed, thinking that children are just so foolish. Although they will not really die, who can die once and be resurrected without paying a price?
王叶伸了个懒腰，爬起来，向狄滨走去。 Wang Ye stretched, got up, and walked towards Di Bin.
雅阁一愣，现在就说吗？ Accord was stunned, will you say it now?
也好，长痛不如短痛，不如现在就把狄滨搞定。 It's okay, the long pain is better than the short pain, it's better to get Di Bin done now.
雅阁也跟过去了。 Accord followed.
王叶拿出一根木棍戳了戳狄滨，把狄滨戳醒。 Wang Ye took out a wooden stick and poked Di Bin, poking Di Bin awake.
狄滨醒来时眼中有明显的疲累：“怎么了，时间到了吗？”
Di Bin woke up with obvious tiredness in his eyes: "What's the matter, is the time up?" ”
王叶：“雅阁说想跟你谈谈。” Wang Ye: "Accord said he wanted to talk to you." ”
雅阁：喂喂喂！ Accord: Hey, hey, hey!
狄滨看看王叶，再看看站在后面的雅阁，脸上的迷糊神情消失，人也跟着坐起，他已经知道两人要跟他谈什么了。
Di Bin looked at Wang Ye, and then at the Accord standing behind, the confused look on his face disappeared, and the person sat up with him, he already knew what the two were going to talk to him.
“你们想让我自己退出？”狄滨一口打破。 "You want me to quit myself?" Di Bin broke it in one bite.
王叶看雅阁。 Wang Ye looked at the Accord.
雅阁暗骂一声奸诈的小鬼，只能硬着头皮道：“是。狄滨，你是聪明人，你自己退出吧。”
Accord secretly scolded a treacherous imp, and could only stubbornly say, "Yes." Di Bin, you are a smart person, you can quit yourself. ”
狄滨沉默。 Di Bin was silent.
王叶也不说话。 Wang Ye didn't speak either.
等了好一会儿，雅阁见王叶半点不给力，气得半死，只能自己出力道：“狄滨，你也知道你现在是我们三人中最拖后腿的一个吧，再这样下去，我们谁也别想离开这座知识之塔。”
After waiting for a while, Accord saw that Wang Ye was not at all strong, and he was half angry, so he could only do his own thing and said: "Di Bin, you also know that you are now the most lagging one of the three of us, if this continues, none of us will want to leave this tower of knowledge." ”
狄滨看王叶：“你也这么认为？认为我是拖后腿的存在？”
Di Bin looked at Wang Ye: "You think so too?" Think I'm a laggard being? ”
王叶反问：“你没有吗？” Wang Ye asked rhetorically: "Don't you have it?" ”
狄滨脸色涨红，似乎非常生气，他低吼：“我以为我们是同伴！”
Di Bin's face turned red and seemed to be very angry, and he roared, "I thought we were companions!" ”
雅阁冷笑：“就是同伴，才不应该拖累同伴，现在不是我们无耻，是你明知道要拖累我们，还厚脸皮地硬赖着我们，如果我是你，早自杀了。反正又不是真死亡。”
Accord sneered: "It's a companion, you shouldn't drag your companion, it's not that we're shameless now, it's you who know that you want to drag us down, and you still brazenly rely on us, if I were you, I would have committed suicide a long time ago." It's not really death anyway. ”
狄滨气得脸红脖子粗：“不要说你不知道每次复活都需要付出极大代价！”
Di Bin was so angry that he blushed and his neck was thick: "Don't say that you don't know that every resurrection has to pay a great price!" ”
雅阁：“我知道啊，所以我才不想死。现在就是你不死，我们三人都得死。狄滨，你不会这么自私吧？”
Accord: "I know, that's why I don't want to die." Now if you don't die, all three of us will have to die. Dibin, you can't be so selfish, can you? ”
“你竟然说我自私，你、你们！好好好！”狄滨气坏了，唰地拿出他的魔器：“想要让我退出，可以。打败我吧。”
"You call me selfish, you, you! Ok, good, good! Di Bin was angry, and took out his magic weapon: "If you want me to quit, you can." Beat me. ”
王叶退后一步。 Wang Ye took a step back.
雅阁不解地看向王叶。 Accord looked at Wang Ye puzzled.
王叶指指自己的脸：“我还小，打架我不行，就看你的了。”
Wang Ye pointed to his face: "I'm still young, I can't fight, it's up to you." ”
雅阁：“……” Accord: "......"
狄滨大笑：“看到没有，你把这小子当伙伴，可他连和你一起动手都不愿意，恶人全都让你做了！”
Di Bin laughed: "See, you treat this kid as a partner, but he doesn't even want to do it with you, the wicked people let you do it!" ”
雅阁拉下脸，对王叶道：“你不能什么都不做，我们现在是伙伴，必须一起合作。”
Accord pulled down his face and said to Wang Ye: "You can't do nothing, we are partners now and we must work together." ”
王叶迷茫脸：“我什么时候说要和你做伙伴？” Wang Ye's confused face: "When did I say I wanted to be a partner with you?" ”
狄滨大喜，忙说道：“王叶，我知道你是好的，你跟这个自私自利的家伙完全不一样，我知道我失手了几次，但我只是休息不够，只要我休息过来，我就不会再失败。倒是这个家伙，他也失败了两次，你跟他组队，也不一定就能走到最后。”
Di Bin was overjoyed and hurriedly said: "Wang Ye, I know that you are good, you are completely different from this selfish guy, I know that I have missed a few times, but I just haven't rested enough, as long as I rest, I will not fail again." It's this guy, he also failed twice, and if you team up with him, you won't necessarily be able to make it to the end. ”
王叶点头：“你说的对。” Wang Ye nodded: "You're right. ”
雅阁大怒：“你到底是站哪边的！” Accord was furious: "Which side are you on!" ”
王叶歪头：“这样吧，你们俩先打，谁打赢了，我就站谁那边。”
Wang Ye tilted his head: "That's it, you two fight first, whoever wins, I'll stand on whom's side." ”
狄滨&雅阁：“……”他们有很多脏话在心中喷涌。 Di Bin & Accord: "......" They have a lot of swear words gushing in their hearts.
狄滨突然道：“雅阁，你还没看出来吗，在这小子眼里，我们俩都是拖累。”
Di Bin suddenly said: "Accord, haven't you seen it yet, in the eyes of this kid, both of us are drags." ”
雅阁狞笑：“看出来了。” Accord sneered: "I see it." ”
狄滨：“既然要死，那不如大家一起死，你觉得如何？”
Di Bin: "Since you want to die, it is better for everyone to die together, what do you think?" ”
雅阁同意：“是啊，我们三人这么有缘分地结成同伴，当然要共进共退，要死也一起死！”
Accord agreed: "Yes, the three of us are so fateful to form companions, of course we have to advance and retreat together, and we will die together!" ”
王叶：要打了吗？终于要打了吗？太好了！ Wang Ye: Are you going to fight? Is it finally going to be fought? That's great!
王小叶兴奋地撸袖子。 Wang Xiaoye rolled up his sleeves excitedly.
狄滨和雅阁完全不理解这个小孩怎么会这么兴奋，难道他不应该恐惧和担心吗？
Di Bin and Accord didn't understand how this kid could be so excited, shouldn't he be afraid and worried?
两人想不通，也不再多想，同时对王叶出手。 The two couldn't figure it out, and they didn't think about it anymore, and at the same time shot at Wang Ye.
王叶高兴地喊：“小的们，上！” Wang Ye shouted happily: "Little ones, go on!" ”
王叶退后，一群虫子扑向狄滨和雅阁，这可是纯能量体！超好吃！
Wang Ye retreated, and a group of insects pounced on Di Bin and Accord, this is a pure energy body! Super delicious!
王叶手一扬，二胡出现，往腰窝一抵，为了方便站着拉二胡，他在琴筒上设计了一个立式挂钩卡槽，只要把挂钩挂在腰带上，就能实现姿势自由。
In order to facilitate standing and pulling the erhu, he designed a vertical hook card slot on the piano barrel, as long as the hook is hung on the belt, you can achieve freedom of posture.
缠绵的琴音响起，【纠缠不休】的因果线把狄滨和雅阁缠绕了一圈又一圈。
The lingering piano sounded, and the [entangled] causal line wound Di Bin and Accord around and around.
再换【冤冤相报】，因果线变成存在感十足的琴音，化作无尽利刃劈向雅阁和狄滨。
Changing to [Retribution for Injustice], the causal line turns into a presence-filled piano sound, turning into an endless blade and slashing towards Accord and Di Bin.
雅阁看到满天虫子，惊叫：“你是召唤系！” When Accord saw the sky full of insects, he exclaimed, "You are a summoning system!" ”
狄滨惊恐，疼得不住躲避：“别让这些虫子落到身上，它们不但会咬人，还会吸取能量！”
雅阁拼命挣扎：“他的琴音有问题，我被缠住了。不要听！”
两人塞住耳朵都没用，攻击他们的根本就不是琴音。
两人中雅阁最弱，他的专业技能就是炼制魔法药剂，离开药剂，他的攻击力连个高级魔法学徒都不如。
狄滨还好一些，他接二连三拿出威力不小的魔器攻击王叶和那些虫子。
但那些虫子太可怕了，他刚拿出来的魔器，还没发挥作用，它们扑上来就一顿啃咬，他的魔器就废了大半。
石塔二层就这么大，上也上不去，下也下不去，雅阁和狄滨想逃都没地方逃。
狄滨改口，冲着王叶喊：“王叶，我是临渊魔法学校的学生，我们本身并没有什么大的恩怨，我刚才只是被你气到了，我并不是真心想和你打。”
雅阁一看情况不对，忙跟着喊道：“王叶，你忘了，我和你才是一边的，刚才都是狄滨害我，我也没想跟你打。”
狄滨：“我们一起住手，打下去对我们任何人都没有好处。你也不想我们两个学校结仇吧？”
“对啊，我们可以商量接下来要怎么办？王叶，也许这就是知识之塔的阴谋，他就是故意想要我们窝里斗。我现在清醒了，大家也清醒过来吧！”
雅阁和狄滨一个接一个和王叶喊话。
王叶叹息：“我也不想杀你们，但谁让你们一个劲地故意拖我后腿，想把我活活拖死。哦，我们现在会窝里斗，这也是你们原本就设计好的剧本。看你们这么努力，我都不好意思戳破。不过我也真的不想拖下去了，睡不好觉，真的很让人暴躁啊。”
雅阁和狄滨还在理解王叶这段话的意思。
王叶陡然翻脸：“小光，杀！”
琴音陡然变厉，小光一阵咿咿叫，大量虫群扑出。
一对二，危险。
二对N，输了。
王叶也是第一次看到浮游光虫“捕猎”的威力，而他才训练小光它们不过两三个月。
该说虫老教他的驭虫术比较厉害吗？
竟然把一群原本只知道勤勤恳恳分泌虫蜜的农民虫给训练成了战斗虫。
当然，这可能也跟小光它们原本就是战斗系有关，虫老教他的训练虫子配合作战的方法只不过唤醒了小光它们原先就有的战斗基因。
那种被盯上的感觉又来了。
但王叶无视了那隐藏在暗中的眼睛。
小光和浮游光虫群在石塔里飞来飞去，它们还没吃饱，对这座石塔充满兴趣，似乎很想啃俩口。
王叶伸手抚摸石塔，鉴定术使出。
片刻后，王叶召回浮游光虫群，让它们不要打石塔的主意。
这玩意的防御和攻击等级都太高，不是他们现在能对付得了的。如果小光它们随便乱啃，就怕石塔一发威，把小光它们全灭了。
王叶可不能确定作为他契约魔兽存在的小光它们在这里死掉，还会不会复活。
所以还是小心点好。
浮游光虫群全部回归虫巢，只小光留在外面，落在王叶的肩膀上。
“咿咿。”这里能量特别充足，比上次那个药园还要充足。
王叶：“你小心点，这里不能随便浪。”
“咿！”小光也足够谨慎，它才不是随便浪的那种虫。
王叶趁着还有点时间，赶紧休息调整，还灌了一瓶精神力补充药剂。
现在只有他一个人，他终于可以放开手脚。
如果可以，他还想把雷木也带入这个秘境……
等等，小光它们既然能在这里待得好好的，雷木为什么不可以？
虽说小光它们是他的契约魔兽，但他和雷木之间也有伙伴契约啊。
既然契约魔兽可以过来，契约伙伴是不是也可以？
王叶心动，但他又担心真的出现什么排斥的情况，会伤害到雷木。
算了，再等等，这个破塔还要做题目，如果雷木出来，就得考炼金那一块。虽然两个人组队共同奋斗很爽，但他可舍不得雷木被惩罚。
休息时间刚结束，那个贵族腔就冒出来：“看来拖后腿的人都消失了呢，恭喜。”
王叶啃着面包，吸着豆奶，面无表情。
贵族腔：“那么现在就让我们重新开始，你的朋友重伤了，治疗他，让他恢复。时间三十分钟，开始！”
砰，一具人体落到王叶面前。
狄滨呻吟着，向王叶伸出手：“救救我……我不想死……”
王叶心中骂娘，把最后一口面包咽下肚，站起来，围着狄滨绕了一圈。
狄滨身上全是像被灼烧的伤口，一片一片。
这种情况当然是用魔法药剂治疗最好，但王叶报的是卷轴，他也决定就用卷轴试着走下去。
卷轴同样可以疗伤，不过疗伤卷轴比较复杂，绘制起来也比较麻烦，还需要特殊墨水。
王叶跟知识之塔要求相关墨水，知识之塔表示只能提供通用型墨水，或者原材料。
王叶就要了原材料，自己调配墨水。
狄滨被治疗好，并没有被留下来，而是被石塔收了回去。
紧接着雅阁也被抛出来，整个人萎靡不堪，石塔要求他补足他的精神力缺失。
王叶又要了另外的墨水材料，现场调配。
没了两个拖后腿的，王叶答题的速度就快了起来。
中间休息的一个小时，他也没有全部用来休息，而是用来学习。
他用百科全书扫描了那么多知识，现在可以一个个开始记忆和理解了。
想不通的地方，他就动手尝试，感谢三位大佬送给他的材料，让他不至于在想动手的时候连练手材料都没有。
十道题连续通过，王叶获得五个小时的休息时间。
他进入了虫巢。
雷木早就在等他，一看到他就问：“情况如何？你有没有受伤？”
王叶忙摇头，把搏命之城的大概情况跟雷木说了。
雷木听后，略略思索，问道：“你觉得我也能进去？”
王叶不确定地道：“得测试一下。”
雷木：“这不是问题，等我回学校随便抓只虫子野兔之类……还是换魔兽吧，你带过去看看，如果它们没问题，那我过去应该也没问题。”
王叶还是有些担心：“我觉得还是有危险。你想如果其他人也能用空间装人进去，这个所谓的时间修炼室也不会被学校那么重视，还要兰道教授花一万积分。”
雷木：“你是不是太小看你的虫巢了？你以为这世界上有几个能装活物的空间？”
王叶眨眨眼：“也是啊。富贵险中求，我们是该大胆地试试。”
雷木笑，揉揉男孩的脑袋：“现在唯一要担心的是，如果我在那里出现，会不会暴露你的虫巢的特殊性。”
王叶眼珠一转：“木木，我有个办法，可以掩盖虫巢，还能让你合理出现在那个秘境中。”
“哦？什么方法？”
王叶凑到雷木耳边，如此这般一说。
雷木莞尔。
王叶在虫巢好好休息了一通，第二天手里拎着一只活的一级魔兽噬金鼠，精神抖擞地踏上了通往三楼的阶梯。
王叶根据知识之塔出题内容判断，一层就是一级知识应用，二层就是二级知识应用，但你也可以用该等级以上的作品来解决。
石塔第三层，就是三级知识应用。
虽然石塔的惩罚制度和休息制度比较坑，一旦组队更是坑中之坑，但王叶也确实从中学到很多。
有时候不是说知识学习了就属于自己，很多人学到什么并不一定会应用。
而石塔就相当于让你把理论知识变成了实际应用，同时考验你的反应和应对能力。
王叶一进入石塔第三层，把噬金鼠随手一丢，就扬声道：“我的卷轴制作只学到一级和二级，三级还没有制作过，你现在出考题考我根本没有意义，因为我根本过不了关。当然，如果这个塔只是背负一个知识之塔的名字，本意就是为了折腾人和杀人，那你就当我刚才的话没说。”
贵族腔响起：“小孩，不要小看知识之塔。从本层开始，你的考试方式将会改变。知识之塔将会向你展示三级卷轴的知识，每展示一个，都会给你一定时间学习，学完了，你就要制作出来。如果不能，则算你做题失败。”
王叶确认道：“确保知识准确没有陷阱？同时提供材料？”
贵族腔似乎有点生气，几乎咆哮道：“当然！这是知识之塔，不是陷阱之塔，除非你自己没学好，否则知识之塔给出的知识就不可能出错！”
王叶耸肩：“行吧，但愿你们还有点品。”
贵族腔似乎被气到了，石塔墙壁上突然出现一张完整的卷轴绘制讲解图。
这图还是动图，不但有详细讲解，还有无形的存在握着卷轴笔把整张卷轴绘制了一遍。
“学习时间一个小时，之后测试，三十分钟内必须绘制成功，失败惩罚！”
第162章 知识之城
噬金鼠活了下来，但在试图给石塔打洞时，被石塔给电死了。
王叶就没让雷木马上进石塔，他又冒充召唤系，带入了一只魔兽。
于是王叶就过上了每天在石塔学习卷轴并考试，再瞅瞅带进来的魔兔是否安好的日常生活。
三级卷轴对他不是问题，但到了四级，他就开始吃力。理解他都能理解，但能量不足，很难制作出来。
还好他学了越级炼制法，现在用他的精神力辅助也勉强够用，但这还只是四级，到了五级他怎么办？
其实这座石塔他不应该现在来，他应该等到苟活一段时间，拿到高额经验值奖励，大大提升等级以后，再来这座石塔。
现在他相当于是被困在了这座石塔中。
但王叶并没有因此就忧愁不堪，他正在想办法破解这个难题。
他甚至怀疑这也是搏命之城给他出的一个题目，就是想看看他如何离开这座据说不到顶层就无法离开的石塔。
雷木自从发现待在虫巢就拥有同样的五倍时间，他就领了一个长期任务，暂别课堂，就待在虫巢里进行炼金学习。
这事让王叶每天早上都能笑醒，因为他觉得自家占了莫大便宜，一万积分家里一堆人都享受上了五倍时间，嘿嘿~
雷木在虫巢里主要就是不断练习和试做魔器。如果遇到不懂的，他就离开虫巢去学校请教相关教授，或去图书馆查阅相关资料。
雷木这段时间做的最多的就是空白卷轴。
而且不止是通用型，他把所有他能想到、他也能制作出来的特殊空白卷轴都制作了出来。
王叶这个开心啊！木木果然最爱他~
疯药王对这个搏命之城特别好奇，缠着王叶让他把虫巢天空透明化，这样他就能看到外界。
王叶感觉出来雷木也想看，想到这个副本里没有玩家，他到底同意了疯药王的要求。
数日后，疯药王忽然飘到他面前，对他说道：“这座塔我好像有点眼熟。”
王叶和雷木一起抬头看疯药王。
雷木问：“您来过这里？”
疯药王表情有点严肃，“如果真是我去过的那个地方，王叶你一定要小心，这里很麻烦。”
王叶总算逮到了一个对搏命之城貌似有点了解的人，立刻问道：“别遮遮掩掩的，说清楚。”
疯药王斜睨他，负手而立，傲然道：“你这是求人的态度？”
王叶两手合握：“啊，我求求你，我特别想知道这座城是怎么回事？现在可以说了吗？”
金宝发出噗噗的笑声。
小云：“金宝你在放屁吗？”
金宝大怒，冲上去就和小云杀做一团。
王叶把两只抓起来丢到一边。
雷木笑，做了个请的手势：“药王大人，您请坐，慢慢说。”
疯药王被这两小只一闹，架子也摆不下去了，顺着阶梯就下来：“你说这座塔叫知识之塔，对吗？”
王叶点头：“那个声音就是这么说的。”
疯药王冷哼：“狗屁的知识之塔。如果真是我曾经去过的那座塔，这座塔不叫知识之塔，倒是拥有这座塔的城市叫做知识之城。”
“哦？”王叶和雷木都来了兴趣。
疯药王娓娓述说道：“当年，这座知识之城非常有名，她被建造在一个时间流速比正世界快五倍的秘境中。”
王叶坐直身体：对上了。
疯药王：“一开始大家来这个秘境都是为了能得到更多的学习时间，久而久之，很多专业技能的大佬都在这里常驻，还在这里建造他们的魔法塔和实验室。就这么，一座城池自然而然地出现，因为待在这座城里最多的就是专业人士，人们就给这座城取了个名字，就叫知识之城。”
“知识之城建立以后，采取半封闭的措施，普通人无法进入，但你只要能在某个专业领域有一定作为，就能得到邀请函或者向某些专业组织申请邀请函，然后凭借邀请函前来知识之城共同研讨和学习。”
疯药王又道：“上次你说那个兰道用积分交换进入这个秘境的资格，我就在想这个积分一说十分耳熟。现在想想，那个兰道说的积分恐怕不是陨星魔法学校的积分，而是知识之城的积分。”
疯药王又跟两人解释知识之城的积分是怎么回事。
大略就是做贡献拿积分。
知识之城的贡献方式有很多，研究出新的配方可以得到积分，帮人解决问题也可以得到积分，指点他人、制作成品、卖出自己的配方……等等都可以拿到相应积分。
知识之城还有一个专门的任务中心，在那里领取任务并完成就能得到相应积分。
“总而言之，积分这东西在知识之城很重要，几乎方方面面都需要。那个兰道作为卷轴宗师，他在知识之城获得上万积分并不是什么难事。”
王叶举手：“听您的意思，这个知识之城在您那个时代仍旧存在？”
“当然。”疯药王把两人从小二楼里拉出来，指了指外面的石塔：“看到那边角的地方有像‘余生’两个字一样的标记吗？那就是当年我留下的，因为无聊。他们出题速度太慢了。”
王叶斜眼：看把你傲的。
疯药王假装没看到王叶的气人眼神，继续说道：“这座塔如果我没记错，应该叫做考验之塔。是专门给来求学和验证自己所学的专业人士使用。知识之城的老怪物们最喜欢用这座塔来考验自己的弟子和为难一些对手，他们在这里设立了很多难题。”
疯药王又带着点炫耀，又像是不屑说道：“因为我把考验之塔的题目都刷完了，没有任何难题能难倒我，那些老怪物哭着喊着求我在这座城里建设一座魔法塔，我勉强同意了。”
王叶：“啧，竟然还有能被你称为老怪物的人。”
疯药王竟然难得地谦虚了一把：“别少见多怪，这世上厉害的人多的是。你小子才活了几年见了几个人？”
雷木捂住王叶就要冒出嘴的讽刺，问：“这么说您对这座城市很熟悉？”
“不算特别熟悉，我虽然在这里留下了魔法塔，但我最后那些年并不是待在这里。”疯药王说到这里，得意笑道：“听说不少想要拜我为师、和想要跟我求药的人，都千方百计找到了知识之城，还有人长期跪在我的魔法塔外。我懒得去应付这些事，就在我的魔法塔里留下了一些考题，如果有人能通过所有考验，就能获得我的部分传承。”
王叶扒开雷木的手，刚刚他脑中冷不丁冒出了一个想法：也许兰道教授把他送入这里，就是因为这里有疯药王留下的一座魔法塔？兰道教授会不会指望他在这里找到千木之毒的解决方法？
但兰道教授为什么不直接说明？是不是跟知识之城变成搏命之城有关？那座魔法塔是不是已经消失？
疯药王瞅王叶：“你既然来到这里，就去找找我留下的那座魔法塔，好歹你也是继承了我七成传承的人，剩下的那三成也没道理便宜别人。”
雷木：疯药王真的越来越了解小叶子，知道怎么说最容易打动小叶子。
果然，王叶一听疯药王还留了三成传承在这里……如果疯药王没说那话，他可能还不会特意去寻找那三成传承，但疯药王说了没道理便宜别人，王叶深觉有理。
对啊，本该就是他的东西，凭什么便宜别人？别说三成，一成也得找出来！
疯药王索性道：“你既然来了这座知识之城，那就别浪费。除了我的魔法塔，有几个老怪物的魔法塔你也可以去闯一闯，如果他们人不在的话。他们的塔在哪里我都知道，等离开这座考验之塔，我给你指路，我们把这里的好东西都搜刮搜刮，没得便宜别人。”
雷木：该说有其徒必有其师吗？
疯药王的提议对于王叶来说根本就是正中下怀，他还给疯药王竖拇指：“您老总算能干些有用的事了。”
The mad medicine king's proposal was exactly right for Wang Ye, and he also gave the mad medicine king a thumbs up: "You can finally do something useful." ”
疯药王气得骂：“孽徒！” The Mad Medicine King was so angry that he scolded: "Criminal! ”
孽徒王小叶摸摸下巴：“可这座考验之塔现在叫知识之塔，这座城也变成了搏命之城。也就是说在你死后的两百多年里，这座城市发生了某些重大变故。假设兰道教授的积分真的是在这座城市得到，那么按照他的年龄计算……”
The evil king Xiaoye touched his chin: "But this tower of trials is now called the Tower of Knowledge, and this city has also become a city of fighting." In other words, in the more than 200 years since you died, some major changes have taken place in the city. Assuming that Professor Landau's points were really earned in this city, then the ...... would be calculated according to his age."
王叶困惑了，他搞不清楚兰道教授到底多大，又在魔画里被困了多久。
Wang Ye was confused, he couldn't figure out how old Professor Landau was and how long he had been trapped in the magic painting.
“我那个时代没有兰道这个人。”疯药王很肯定地道，“能成为卷轴宗师的人，全世界都没几个，我不可能没听说过。所以兰道只会是我之后时代的人物。”
"There was no such thing as Landau in my time." The Mad Medicine King said with certainty, "There are very few people in the world who can become a Scroll Grandmaster, and it's impossible that I haven't heard of it." So Landau will only be a figure for the era after me. ”
“嗯，那这样计算的话，这座城市变化也就在这一两百年间，很可能只有一百年不到。”王叶推断。
"Well, if you calculate it this way, the city will change in the past two hundred years, probably less than a hundred years." Wang Ye reasoned.
“重点是，你的魔法塔，还有那些老怪物的魔法塔，现在还都在吗？我之前从井里爬出来，看到的可都是一个接一个的坟包。塔的话，只有这一座。”
"The point is, are your magic towers, and those old monsters' magic towers, still there? I had climbed out of the well before, and all I saw were grave bags one after another. As for the tower, there is only this one. ”
疯药王：“……出去看看就知道了。” Mad Medicine King: "...... Just go out and see. ”
雷木插话：“药王大人，您刚才说让小叶子小心这座城市，是因为什么？”
Lei Mu interjected: "Lord Medicine King, what did you just say to let Xiao Yezi be careful about this city?" ”
疯药王一拍脑门：“给你们七岔八岔，我差点忘了。我不是说了吗，这座城市有好些老怪物，之所以叫他们老怪物，不止是他们活得长久，也不止是他们脾气古怪，更因为他们的想法是真正与众不同。”
The Mad Medicine King slapped his head: "I'll give you all sorts of things, I almost forgot." Didn't I say that there are a lot of old monsters in this city, and the reason why they are called old monsters is not only because they live long, not only because they have a strange temper, but also because their ideas are really different. ”
疯药王一顿：“我怀疑当年的知识之城会变成现在这样，就跟个别老怪物有关。”
The Crazy Medicine King paused: "I suspect that the City of Knowledge will become what it is now, and it has something to do with a few old monsters." ”
“他们做什么了？”王叶好奇。 "What did they do?" Wang Ye was curious.
疯药王：“谁知道呢。就因为他们什么都可能做得出来，我才猜不到。”
Mad Medicine King: "Who knows." Just because they could do anything, I couldn't have guessed. ”
“那你为什么让我小心？那些老怪物的层次应该离我很远吧？”王叶对这点还是很有自知之明的。
疯药王明知他即将说出的话会让人王小叶鼻子翘到天上，他还是说了：“因为当年知识之城有好几个绝世天才失踪了。”
The Mad Medicine King knew that what he was about to say would make Wang Xiaoye's nose tilt to the sky, but he still said, "Because several peerless geniuses disappeared in the City of Knowledge back then. ”
王叶小孩一样地捧脸，脸上更露出迷之微笑：“药王大人，你是不是想说我也是绝世天才？哎呀，您老眼光真好，我突然发现您老今天特别可爱。”
Wang Ye held his face like a child, and a mysterious smile appeared on his face: "Lord Medicine King, do you want to say that I am also a peerless genius?" Oops, you're so old-eyed, and I suddenly found that you're so cute today. ”
疯药王：“滚！” Mad Medicine King: "Get out!" ”
雷木只好再次插话：“药王大人，您先说说绝世天才失踪是怎么回事？”
Lei Mu had no choice but to interject again: "Lord Medicine King, tell me what happened to the disappearance of the peerless genius first?" ”
疯药王看着王叶那得意得收不住的小样，手特别痒。 The Mad Medicine King looked at Wang Ye's smug appearance that he couldn't contain, and his hands were very itchy.
“药王大人？”雷木催促。 "Lord Yaowang?" Raimu urged.
到底是自己选中的弟子，就算这小兔崽子再混蛋，那也是他的徒弟，疯药王也不可能看王叶一头撞入某些有可能的阴谋中，就很是详细说道：
In the end, it is the disciple he has chosen, even if this little rabbit cub is a bastard, it is also his apprentice, and it is impossible for the Mad Medicine King to see Wang Ye crash into some possible conspiracy, so he said in detail:
“当年这事闹得很大，那些能来到知识之城的绝世天才，不是背后有人，就是有势力支撑，真正孤家寡人的极少。这些天才一失踪，他们的家人亲友师长就找过来了，但因为知识之城限定进出资格的原因，这事闹大却没有闹开。”
"There was a lot of trouble back then, and those peerless geniuses who could come to the City of Knowledge were either behind them or had the support of power, and there were very few people who were really alone. As soon as these geniuses disappeared, their families, relatives, friends, and teachers came to find them, but because of the restrictions on entry and exit qualifications in the City of Knowledge, the matter did not make a fuss. ”
“不过当年调查天才失踪案的人很多，其中有个在调查案件上非常有名的魔法师，他的魔法可以追溯某个地点曾经发生过的景象，他当时很可能找到了正确线索，他曾经跟人说过，说知识之城中有人在研究如何转移天赋和知识。”
"However, there were many people who investigated the disappearance of geniuses back then, and among them was a very famous magician who was investigating cases, and his magic could trace the scenes that had happened in a certain place, and he probably found the right clue at that time, and he once told people that there were people in the City of Knowledge who were studying how to transfer talents and knowledge."
雷木不是很懂：“什么叫做转移天赋和知识？难道是把一个人的天赋和他拥有的知识转移到另外一个人身上？”
Lei Mu didn't understand very well: "What is the transfer of talent and knowledge?" Is it to transfer one person's talent and knowledge to another? ”
疯药王点头：“就是这样，而且不止转移一个，是把多个天才的天赋和知识都转移到同一个人身上。”
The Mad Medicine King nodded: "That's it, and it's not just transferring one, it's transferring the talents and knowledge of multiple geniuses to the same person." ”
雷木吃惊：“这怎么可能？” Lei Mu was surprised: "How is this possible?" ”
“听起来是不可能，但那个侦探魔法师这么说，他应该是有了一些线索和把握，而且当他失踪后，很多人都怀疑他当初跟人说出这些，就是因为他在担心自己会失踪才会在没有证据的情况下先暴露出了一些信息。”
"It sounds impossible, but the detective magician said that, he should have some clues and grasp, and when he disappeared, many people suspected that he told people this in the first place, because he was worried that he would disappear, so he exposed some information without evidence."
“那个侦探魔法师失踪了？” "That detective magician is missing?"
“是。” "Yes."
“那后来还有人继续调查天才失踪案吗？”王叶问。 "Then will anyone continue to investigate the disappearance of the genius?" Wang Ye asked.
“有。可都是毫无头绪，也有人曾怀疑过某几个老怪物，但都没有证据。而且自那以后，就再也没有天才失踪。”
"Yes. But they were all clueless, and some people had suspected a few old monsters, but there was no evidence. And since then, no genius has gone missing. ”
王叶冷笑：“而这之后，知识之城就变成了搏命之城。”
Wang Ye sneered: "And after that, the city of knowledge has become a city of life." ”
疯药王皱眉：“这也是我最担心的地方，我不知道知识之城后面出了什么变故，但这个变故说不定就和当年的天才失踪案有关。”
The Mad Medicine King frowned: "This is also what worries me the most, I don't know what happened behind the City of Knowledge, but this change may be related to the disappearance of the genius back then." ”
疯药王虚虚点了点王小叶，不情不愿地说：“你小子勉强也能算是个天才，你进入这里，很可能会引起某些老怪物的注意，如果他们还活着、并且当年的天才失踪案真跟他们有关的话，你小子就危险了。”
The Mad Medicine King nodded at Wang Xiaoye, and said reluctantly: "You kid can barely be regarded as a genius, you enter here, it is likely to attract the attention of some old monsters, if they are still alive, and the disappearance of the genius back then is really related to them, you kid will be in danger." ”
王叶想到了那暗中窥探他的目光，原本他不想雷木担心就没说，但现在他觉得很有说出来的必要。
Wang Ye thought of the gaze that was secretly spying on him, originally he didn't want Lei Mu to worry about it, so he didn't say it, but now he felt that it was necessary to say it.
果然，雷木一听王叶竟然早就被人暗中注意，顿时紧张起来。
Sure enough, Lei Mu suddenly became nervous when he heard that Wang Ye had already been secretly noticed.
疯药王则皱眉说：“有点麻烦了，你小子一开始就该藏着点。”
The Mad Medicine King frowned and said, "It's a bit of trouble, you kid should have hidden it from the beginning." ”
王叶：“怎么藏？我要是不展露一定实力，就要被那两个傀儡给坑死了。他们带的路一路全是魔兽加各种陷阱。”
Wang Ye: "How to hide?" If I don't show some strength, I'm going to be killed by those two puppets. The path they led was full of monsters and traps. ”
疯药王团团转，转了一会儿停下来：“只能走一步看一步了。”
The mad medicine king turned around, and stopped after a while: "I can only take one step and see one step." ”
雷木当即道：“叶子，我和你一起进去，不要等了，尽快。”
Lei Mu immediately said: "Yezi, I'll go in with you, don't wait, as soon as possible." ”
王叶点头，他这时也没说秘境危险，不想雷木涉险的话，他如果真这么说了，那就是看不起雷木，也只会让雷木更担心。
Wang Ye nodded, he didn't say that the secret realm was dangerous at this time, if he didn't want Lei Mu to be in danger, if he really said that, it would be to look down on Lei Mu, and it would only make Lei Mu more worried.
“对了，这座考验之塔会考我到什么时候？我现在才刷到第四层，它一共有多少层？”
"By the way, how long will this Tower of Trials test me? I've only now reached the fourth layer, how many layers are there? ”
“十层。”疯药王回答。 "Ten floors." The Mad Medicine King replied.
王叶：“石塔安全吗？如果我一直待在石塔答题，会不会被失踪？”
疯药王也不敢确定。 The Mad Medicine King wasn't sure.
雷木问王叶：“你算过没有，闯到十层大约需要多长时间？”
Lei Mu asked Wang Ye, "Have you calculated, how long does it take to break through to the tenth floor?" ”
王叶头疼：“这就难说了，我现在只学到四级，四级对我来说已经很勉强。越到后面越难，最重要的是我能量不够，制作不出来。我怀疑我恐怕没法达到第十层。但如果不达到第十层，这座塔似乎也不会放我出去。”
Wang Ye had a headache: "It's hard to say, I've only learned level four now, and level four is already very reluctant for me." The more I got to the back, the more difficult it became, and the most important thing was that I didn't have enough energy to make it. I suspect I'll not be able to make it to the tenth floor. But if I don't reach the tenth floor, this tower doesn't seem to let me out. ”
“所以我很可能会卡在这座塔里，当新的卷轴无法绘制出来，我就会被惩罚，一次接一次，我很可能会死在这座魔法塔，然后十二个小时后再复活，再被惩罚，如此周而复始，直到五个月期满，我被踢出去。”
"So I'm likely to be stuck in this tower, and when the new scroll can't be drawn, I'll be punished, and again and again, and I'll probably die in this magic tower, and then come back to life twelve hours later, and be punished again, and so on, until the end of the five months, and I'm kicked out."
“我们一起想办法，尽量让你尽快离开那座塔。”雷木面色凝重道。
"Let's figure out a way to get you out of that tower as quickly as possible." Lei Mu said with a solemn face.
其实不止是王叶想要离开石塔，石塔内的某个存在也想把王叶赶出去。
In fact, it was not only Wang Ye who wanted to leave the stone tower, but also an existence in the stone tower who wanted to drive Wang Ye out.
这可是搏命之城！ This is the city of life!
每个人来到这里，几乎每一刻都活得战战兢兢，每天都在为如何生存下去而努力。
Everyone comes here and lives in fear almost every moment, trying to survive every day.
可这个小孩呢？ But what about this kid?
他竟然顺顺利利地过了将近十天！ He survived almost ten days without a hitch!
这怎么可以？ How can this be?
这小孩的实力明明不强，他连帮助他的伙伴都没有，就一群虫子而已，竟然就混到了现在。
This kid's strength is obviously not strong, he doesn't even have a partner to help him, just a bunch of bugs, and he has been mixed up until now.
石塔某个存在发誓，他已经尽可能地去提高关卡的难度，第二层在小孩只有一个人后，他发出的很多题目让人一看就不知道该如何用卷轴来解决。
One of the Stone Tower's beings swore that he had tried to make the level as difficult as possible, and on the second floor, after there was only one child, he sent out many questions that made people wonder how to solve them with scrolls.
但小孩偏偏就解决了，因为他不止会绘制卷轴，他么的他竟然还会亲手配制墨水！
But the kid solved it, because he didn't just know how to draw scrolls, he even made ink by hand!
通常来说，没达到四五级的卷轴制作师压根就不会考虑去学习怎么配制墨水和制作空白卷轴，因为学习方向不一样啊。
Generally speaking, scroll makers who have not reached level 4 or 5 will not even think about learning how to make ink and make blank scrolls, because the direction of learning is different.
卷轴就是学习魔纹和魔法符号以及卷轴的结构，墨水配制则与药剂接近，空白卷轴制作则与炼金术挂钩。所以一般低级卷轴师别说亲手制作墨水，他们连考虑都不会考虑好吗！
Scrolls are about learning magic patterns and magic symbols and the structure of scrolls, ink preparation is close to potions, and blank scroll making is linked to alchemy. So the average low-level scroller doesn't even think about making ink by hand, right?
可这个小孩偏偏在一二级的时候，竟然就会调配墨水，而且还一副很精通此道的模样，不知道的人还以为他是专门学药剂制作的！
But when this kid was in the first or second grade, he actually knew how to mix ink, and he looked very proficient in this way, and people who didn't know thought that he specialized in potion making!
等到了第三层，他拿出的卷轴也都是三级里面最难绘制的，并把制作时间都卡在了绘制可能的最低线，可这小孩还是顺利突破第三层，上了第四层。
When he reached the third layer, the scrolls he took out were also the most difficult to draw in the third level, and the production time was stuck at the lowest line of possible drawing, but the kid still successfully broke through the third layer and went up to the fourth layer.
这个存在可不知道王叶受玩家等级限制，根本没办法在石塔中一直提升下去。
This existence doesn't know that Wang Ye is limited by the player's level, and there is no way to improve in the stone tower.
他以为王叶就跟其他魔法师一样，会不断吸收这里的魔力，再加上大量的卷轴制作，等级就会蹭蹭往上涨。而只要魔力等级提升，王叶制作卷轴的能力自然也会跟着提升，再加上他在卷轴上的优异天赋。如此，就能一路升到石塔第十层。
He thought that Wang Ye would be like other magicians, he would continue to absorb the magic power here, and with a large number of scroll productions, the level would rise gradually. And as long as the magic power level increases, Wang Ye's ability to make scrolls will naturally increase, coupled with his excellent talent in scrolls. In this way, you can go all the way to the tenth floor of the stone tower.
这么一想，这个存在就觉得亏得要命。到了第十层，不止有出口，还有一个重要东西要送出去。
When I think about it this way, this existence feels like a terrible loss. On the tenth floor, there is not only an exit, but also an important thing to give out.
而自从他占领这座石塔开始，直到现在，还没有人能到达第十层。
And since he occupied this stone tower, until now, no one has been able to reach the tenth floor.
他很想说这小孩也不可能，但他内心却又极度不安，总觉得这小孩说不定就能做到别人都做不到的事情。
He wanted to say that this child was impossible, but he was extremely uneasy in his heart, and he always felt that this child might be able to do things that no one else could do.
这个存在要是知道……嗯，幸亏他不知道。 If this being is known...... Well, thankfully he didn't know.
所以一个想走，一个想踢，虽然没有彼此通气，却全都在朝同一个目的使劲。
So one wants to go, the other wants to kick, although they don't communicate with each other, they are all working towards the same goal.
第163章 出塔、召唤雷木 Chapter 163: Out of the Tower, Summon Thunderwood
“恭喜你已经连续学习并完成五张四级卷轴，作为鼓励，告诉你一个好消息，第四层有特别奖励。”
"Congratulations on having studied and completed five level 4 scrolls in a row, and as an encouragement, to tell you the good news, there is a special reward for the fourth tier."
王叶脑中还在想着要如何逃离这座石塔，刚睁开眼睛就听到了那贵族腔的说话声。
Wang Ye was still thinking about how to escape from this stone tower, and as soon as he opened his eyes, he heard the voice of the nobleman.
“什么特别奖励？” "What special reward?"
“当你能连续完成十张四级卷轴的学习和绘制，你将得到一张智慧之湖的邀请函。凭借此邀请函，你可以前往智慧之湖寻找智慧之水。你也可以放弃这张邀请函，继续留在知识之塔中继续解题。”
"When you are able to complete ten level 4 scrolls in a row to learn and draw, you will receive an invitation to the Lake of Wisdom. With this invitation, you can go to the Lake of Wisdom in search of the Water of Wisdom. You can also drop the invitation and continue to solve the problem in the Tower of Knowledge. ”
王叶……满头问号，这是想什么来什么吗？不不不，这肯定是什么阴谋，我得小心。
Wang Ye...... Full of question marks, is this what you want to come from? No, no, no, this must be some kind of conspiracy, I have to be careful.
“我去了智慧之湖，之后还会不会再回到塔中？”王叶问。
"I went to the Lake of Wisdom, will I ever return to the Tower after that?" Wang Ye asked.
贵族腔：不！你去了就别回来了！ Aristocracy: No! If you go, don't come back!
但他不能这么说，会违反规则，只能说道：“你是得到奖励在途中离开，以后你有随时回到知识之塔的权力。”
But he couldn't say that, it would be against the rules, and he could only say, "You are rewarded and leave on the way, and you have the right to return to the Tower of Knowledge at any time in the future." ”
王叶：这么说我也可以选择不回来？等等，为什么我有种贵族腔迫切想让我离开之感？
Wang Ye: So I can choose not to come back? Wait, why do I feel like I'm desperate to let me go?
王叶忍不住就试探了下：“我对那个智慧之湖不了解，也不知道那智慧之水要到哪里寻找，这个奖励太麻烦了。我觉得知识之塔很好，可以让我学习很多知识，我很愿意留下来。”
Wang Ye couldn't help but be tempted: "I don't know about that lake of wisdom, and I don't know where to find that water of wisdom, this reward is too troublesome." I think the Tower of Knowledge is good and allows me to learn a lot, and I would love to stay. ”
贵族腔：不！你给我滚！ Aristocracy: No! Get out of here!
贵族腔迅速收拾情绪，温柔地道：“那可是奖励，奖励当然不会让你没头苍蝇一样地乱找，邀请函上会附有地图，保证你可以顺利找到智慧之水。”
The aristocratic voice quickly collected his emotions and said gently: "That's a reward, of course the reward won't let you look around like a headless fly, and the invitation will have a map attached to it to ensure that you can find the water of wisdom smoothly." ”
反正不是我的东西，拿了我也不心疼。再说那东西可不好拿，呵。
Anyway, it's not mine, and I don't feel sorry for it. Besides, it's not easy to take, huh.
王叶一脸天真地问：“智慧之水有什么作用？” Wang Ye asked innocently, "What is the function of the water of wisdom?" ”
贵族腔耐着性子回答：“智慧之水当然是能给人增加智慧的水，可以帮傻瓜开智，可以让聪明人更加聪明。智慧之水非常宝贵，等你用后你就知道效果了。”
The aristocratic replied patiently: "The water of wisdom is, of course, the water that can increase the wisdom of people, which can help fools to open up their wisdom, and can make smart people more intelligent." The water of wisdom is very valuable, and you will know the effect when you use it. ”
“这么好啊。” "That's good."
“是啊，好好努力吧，孩子，我看好你。”贵族腔唰地扔出了第六张四级卷轴。
"Yes, work hard, kid, I'm optimistic about you." The nobleman threw out the sixth level 4 scroll in a huff.
就算要赶这古怪小鬼离开，他也不会降低难度，相反他会把难度提高再提高，如果这小鬼露出后力不济的模样，那奖励自然没有。
Even if he wants to drive this weird imp away, he will not reduce the difficulty, on the contrary, he will increase the difficulty and increase it again, if this little ghost shows that he is not strong in the future, then the reward will naturally not be.
贵族腔非常期待这小鬼卷轴制作失败，他已经准备好了很多非常有意思的惩罚。
The aristocratic cavity is very much looking forward to the failure of this imp scroll, and he has prepared a lot of very interesting punishments.
王叶打起精神，不管这石塔有什么图谋，能离开总比困在这里的好。
Wang Ye cheered up, no matter what the plans of this stone tower were, it was better to leave than to be trapped here.
接下来，王叶的精神力几乎发挥到了极致，为了能越级制作这些四级卷轴，他不得不反复锻炼和提升自己的精神力。
Next, Wang Ye's spiritual power was almost exerted to the extreme, and in order to be able to make these fourth-level scrolls beyond the level, he had to repeatedly exercise and improve his spiritual power.
所幸，他在副本图书馆得到的那本越级炼制法和虫老给他的精神力锻炼水晶球结合起来的效果非常好。
Fortunately, the combination of the Leapfrog Refining Method he got in the Copy Library and the Spiritual Power Exercise Crystal Ball given to him by the Worm Elder was very good.
当他发现那个水晶球不止是锻炼魔器，他手持这个水晶球时还可以增幅他的精神力，王叶差点笑哭。
When he found out that the crystal ball was not only a magic weapon for exercising, but also increased his mental power when he held this crystal ball, Wang Ye almost laughed and cried.
虫老啊，这么重要的事你应该早点告诉我啊。 Worm Boss, you should have told me about such an important matter earlier.
王叶也能明白虫老为什么不说水晶球真正用途的苦心，大概是怕他太过依赖水晶球，所以只说了它的锻炼效果，没说它的辅助效果。
Wang Ye could also understand why the worm didn't talk about the real use of the crystal ball, probably because he was afraid that he would rely too much on the crystal ball, so he only talked about its exercise effect, not its auxiliary effect.
但现在王叶非常需要提升自己的精神力。 But now Wang Ye very much needs to improve his mental power.
因为石塔拿出来的四级卷轴已经越来越难，而且内容都相当偏，理解起来就很吃力，更别说能顺利绘制出来。
Because the fourth-level scrolls taken out of the stone tower have become more and more difficult, and the content is quite biased, it is very difficult to understand, let alone be able to draw them smoothly.
如果不是发现水晶球的精神力增幅效用，王叶还真不敢夸口能把最后三张四级卷轴顺利绘制出来。
If it weren't for the discovery of the spiritual power amplification effect of the crystal ball, Wang Ye really wouldn't dare to boast that he could successfully draw the last three fourth-level scrolls.
就算有水晶球的帮忙，王叶在第一次绘制时还是失败了，不过王叶跟兰道教授学过怎么把失败的卷轴废物利用。
Even with the help of the crystal ball, Wang Ye failed in the first drawing, but Wang Ye learned from Professor Landau how to waste the failed scrolls.
于是贵族腔正兴奋地等待制作时间结束，好惩罚王叶时，就见王叶竟然拿出一瓶药剂，倒在绘制失败的卷轴上，然后那卷轴上已经绘制的符纹和魔法符号等全都在一点点消失，绘制这些图案的墨水竟然从卷轴中脱离出来。
So when the nobleman was excitedly waiting for the end of the production time to punish Wang Ye, he saw that Wang Ye actually took out a bottle of potion and poured it on the scroll that failed to draw, and then the runes and magic symbols that had been drawn on the scroll all disappeared little by little, and the ink that drew these patterns was actually detached from the scroll.
王叶用瓶子把提炼出来的墨水收集起来。这些墨水还能使用，也许没有第一次效果好，但总比浪费得好。
Wang Ye used a bottle to collect the refined ink. These inks still work, maybe not as good as the first time, but it's better than wasting it.
而且在石塔不会给他提供第二份材料的情况下，这些用过一次又提炼出来的墨水可是非常宝贵。
And in the case that the stone tower would not provide him with a second material, the ink that had been used once and then refined was very valuable.
贵族腔看着重新变得空白的失败卷轴，目瞪口呆！ The aristocratic cavity looked at the failed scroll that had become blank again, dumbfounded!
这、这谁能想到？！ W-Who would have thought that?!
这古怪小鬼到底是谁教出来的？ Who the hell taught this weird little ghost?
这种回本溯源的卷轴消除术不是说已经失传了吗？ Isn't this kind of scroll elimination technique that goes back to its roots said that it has been lost?
兰道：鄙人，千年不出的卷轴绝世天才，了解一下。 Landau: Contemptible people, peerless geniuses of scrolls that have not been produced for thousands of years, find out.
贵族腔紧接着就看到那小鬼用重新提炼出来的墨水，在那张曾经失败过却又变得空白的卷轴上，把那张被称为四级最难卷轴的短距离传送卷轴给绘制成功了。
The nobleman then saw that the imp had used the re-refined ink to successfully draw the short-distance teleportation scroll, which was called the most difficult scroll of the fourth level, on the scroll that had failed but had become blank.
贵族腔：幸好我足够机智，在没有违反石塔规则的情况下想出了一个赶这小鬼离开的好办法。
Aristocracy: Luckily, I was resourceful enough to come up with a good way to get this little ghost out without violating the rules of the stone tower.
连四级最难卷轴都没能难住王叶，贵族腔已经不指望后面两张卷轴能有机会惩罚小孩。
Even the fourth-level most difficult scroll failed to stump Wang Ye, and the aristocratic cavity no longer expected the next two scrolls to have a chance to punish the child.
果然，后面两张卷轴，除了最后一张他又没能在第一次制作成功，可掌握了卷轴消除术的小孩同样在第二次就把那张摄魂卷轴给制作成功。
Sure enough, the last two scrolls, except for the last one, he failed to make the first time, but the child who mastered the scroll elimination technique also succeeded in making the soul scroll the second time.
“恭喜你完成了知识之塔第四层的考验，你获得了升到第五层的机会。但现在你同样得到了一份来自智慧之湖的邀请函，请问你是否接受这份邀请函前往智慧之湖？”贵族腔压抑着心情，拿腔拿调地说道。
"Congratulations on completing the fourth level of the Tower of Knowledge and your chance to reach the fifth level. But now that you've also received an invitation from the Lake of Wisdom, do you accept the invitation to go to the Lake of Wisdom? The aristocratic tone suppressed his mood and said in a mocking tone.
王叶喝了一瓶精神力补充药剂，“确定我能得到智慧之水？”
Wang Ye drank a bottle of spiritual power replenishing potion, "Are you sure I can get the water of wisdom?" ”
“当然。” "Of course."
“好吧，邀请函给我看看。”王叶伸手。 "Okay, show me the invitation." Wang Ye stretched out his hand.
一张邀请函飘到王叶手中。 An invitation floated into Wang Ye's hand.
王叶打开邀请函，还没有看清里面都写了什么，邀请函中爆发出一道光芒包裹住他。
Wang Ye opened the invitation, but before he could see what was written inside, a light erupted from the invitation and enveloped him.
瞬间，王叶从石塔第四层消失。 In an instant, Wang Ye disappeared from the fourth floor of the stone tower.
“送走了！终于送走了！”石塔响起了贵族腔的狂笑声。
"Sent away! Finally sent away! The stone tower resounded with aristocratic laughter.
噗通，水花四溅，王叶落到了湖水中。 Poof, the water splashed, and Wang Ye fell into the lake.
不过幸好他时刻把因果循环守护罩开启着，掉进湖水里也没被淹着，包括他手里拿着的邀请函都完好无损。
But fortunately, he always turned on the causal loop guard, and he didn't get flooded when he fell into the lake, including the invitation he was holding in his hand.
湖水里有什么迅速向他靠近，数量还很多，包围住了他。
Something in the lake quickly approached him, and there were many of them, and they surrounded him.
王叶看到水面下那隐约的青黑色身体，猜测应该是某种湖中水生魔兽。
Wang Ye saw the faint blue-black body under the surface of the water, and guessed that it should be some kind of aquatic demonic beast in the lake.
现在这些水生魔兽都没有攻击他，而是在围着他绕圈。 Now these aquatic monsters are not attacking him, but are circling around him.
王叶看向手中邀请函，猜想应该是这份邀请函，这些水生魔兽才没有攻击他。
Wang Ye looked at the invitation in his hand, guessing that it should be this invitation, so these aquatic demonic beasts did not attack him.
邀请函中附带一张手绘的地图，很简陋。 The invitation comes with a hand-drawn map, which is rudimentary.
王叶不得不从湖水里飞……咦，竟然飞不起来，这湖水就像是浆糊，死死拉住了他。
Wang Ye had to fly out of the lake...... Hey, he couldn't fly, the lake was like paste, and he was stuck.
王叶怀疑如果不是这张邀请函，大概他在落入湖水的刹那就已经沉到湖底。
Wang Ye suspected that if it wasn't for this invitation, he would probably have sunk to the bottom of the lake the moment he fell into the lake.
“你怎么落到这里了？”疯药王的说话声在他耳边响起。
"How did you end up here?" The voice of the Mad Medicine King rang in his ears.
疯药王没有离开虫巢，但能看到外面，也能和王叶直接通话。
The Mad Medicine King did not leave the hive, but he could see the outside and talk directly to Wang Ye.
雷木和金宝儿等现在也都看着湖泊，为王叶担忧。 Lei Mu and Jin Bao'er and the others also looked at the lake now, worried about Wang Ye.
“这是什么地方？”王叶没有立刻进入虫巢。 "What is this place?" Wang Ye did not immediately enter the hive.
疯药王寻找地标中，“反正这里不叫智慧之湖。见鬼，我死了不过两三百年，为什么连地名都改得乱七八糟。这里……如果我没看错，见鬼，你小子运气可真不好，这湖泊九成就是当年智慧之城的废液处理池。”
The Mad Medicine King looked for the landmark, "Anyway, this is not called the Lake of Wisdom. Hell, I've only been dead for two or three hundred years, why did I even change the name of the place in a mess. Over here...... If I'm not mistaken, hell, you kid is really unlucky, this lake nine achievements were the waste liquid treatment pool of the City of Wisdom back then. ”
王叶：“……是我想的那种废液处理池吗？” Wang Ye: "...... Is it the kind of liquid waste treatment tank I had in mind? ”
“对，就是你想的那种。城中产生的所有废弃液体都会被集中到这个池子中，因为废弃液越来越多，这池子就越来越大。以前还有人对这废弃液进行提炼和处理，现在，池塘变成湖泊，这里应该很久都没有处理过了。”疯药王不住啧啧道。
"yes, that's what you think. All the waste liquid produced in the city will be concentrated in this pool, because the more waste liquid there is, the bigger the pool will be. In the past, there were people refining and disposing of this waste liquid, but now, the pond has become a lake, and it should not have been disposed of here for a long time. The Mad Medicine King couldn't help but sigh.
王叶现在特别庆幸他随时都开着因果循环，否则他现在就要和这些毒得不能再毒的废弃液亲密接触。
Wang Ye was now especially glad that he was always in the causal loop, otherwise he would now have close contact with these waste liquids that were too poisonous to be poisoned.
疯药王这时还能笑出来：“放心，在这废弃液里你应该毒不死，不过你身上的千木之毒有可能会受影响产生新的变化。”
The Mad Medicine King could still laugh at this time: "Don't worry, you should not be poisoned in this waste liquid, but the poison of a thousand trees on your body may be affected and produce new changes." ”
王叶转头，寻找湖岸。
疯药王给他指了一个方向：“往南边游，我的魔法塔就在那个方向。”
The Mad Medicine King pointed him in a direction: "Swim south, my magic tower is in that direction." ”
王叶边游边问：“你知道智慧之水吗？” Wang Ye asked as he swam, "Do you know the water of wisdom?" ”
“知道。”谁想疯药王竟然真的知道这东西：“如果智慧之水的名字没有改变，那确实如那声音所说是个宝物，功效也和那声音说的一样。”
"Yes." Who would have thought that the Mad Medicine King really knew about this thing: "If the name of the water of wisdom has not changed, it is indeed a treasure as the voice said, and the effect is the same as the voice said." ”
“但是？” "But?"
疯药王怪笑：“但是智慧之水这东西，连我都没能弄到，你小子不过才闯过石塔第四层，怎么可能得到这样的重宝奖励。”
The Mad Medicine King laughed: "But the water of wisdom, even I haven't been able to get it, you kid has only just broken through the fourth layer of the stone tower, how can you get such a heavy treasure reward." ”
“所以这个奖励有鬼？” "So there's a ghost in this reward?"
“你不是说了嘛，富贵险中求，如果那里真的有智慧之水，还是很值得探一探的。”
"Didn't you say it, wealth and danger are sought, if there is really water of wisdom there, it is still worth exploring."
王叶不再说话，他先游上岸再说。 Wang Ye stopped talking, he swam ashore first.
但这湖水真的太粘稠了，移动起来特别困难。 But the water is so viscous that it's very difficult to move.
那些水中魔兽一直跟着他。 Those water beasts followed him all the time.
王叶可以进入虫巢，再操纵虫巢上岸，但不知为何，像是一种诡异的直觉，让他没有选择在此时脱离湖水直接进入虫巢。
Wang Ye can enter the hive and then manipulate the hive to go ashore, but for some reason, it seems to be a strange intuition, so he did not choose to leave the lake and enter the hive directly at this time.
花了将近一个多小时，王叶才游到岸边，又吃力地把自己身体拖上岸。
It took nearly an hour for Wang Ye to swim to the shore and drag his body ashore with great difficulty.
等把自己从湖水里拔出来，王叶顿感轻松。 When he pulled himself out of the lake, Wang Ye suddenly felt relaxed.
环视四周，这里一片荒凉，连野草都没长几根。 Looking around, the place is desolate, and there are not even a few weeds growing.
荒地上凌乱丢弃着一些像是傀儡一类的魔器，有点像是运输类机器人，方方正正。
There are some magic weapons like puppets scattered on the wasteland, a bit like transportation robots, square and square.
不过这些傀儡大多锈蚀腐坏，有些直接碎成了好几段。 However, most of these puppets are rusted and rotten, and some of them are directly broken into several pieces.
疯药王叹息：“这些都是用来运送和处理废弃液的傀儡，那时候城中到处都是这些傀儡，它们负责很多杂事，传信、运输、做苦力，有些还负责城中治安管理和城中设施巡检，成天跑来跑去。”
The Mad Medicine King sighed: "These are all puppets used to transport and dispose of waste liquid, at that time, the city was full of these puppets, they were responsible for a lot of chores, messengers, transportation, coolies, and some were also responsible for the management of public security in the city and the inspection of facilities in the city, running around all day long. ”
王叶脑中浮现他刚进入这个副本时在门轴里发现的纸条，那字体有些僵硬，现在想来也许就是某个检查傀儡写的？
Wang Ye thought of the note he found in the door shaft when he first entered this copy, the font was a little stiff, and now that I think about it, maybe it was written by some inspection puppet?
荒地往前，能看到不少建筑物和街道。 Ahead of the wasteland, you can see many buildings and streets.
“现在你是去找我的魔法塔，还是去找智慧之水？”疯药王问。
"Now are you going to find my magic tower, or are you going to find the water of wisdom?" The Mad Medicine King asked.
雷木忽然道：“叶子，让我出去。” Lei Mu suddenly said, "Yezi, let me go out." ”
王叶想了想，开始在湖边荒地上布置魔法阵。 Wang Ye thought about it and began to arrange a magic array on the wasteland by the lake.
只要了解魔法阵的人，一看这魔法阵就知道，这是一个召唤魔法阵。
As long as you know about the magic array, you will know that this is a summoning magic array when you look at this magic array.
王叶对魔法阵要比对卷轴之类熟悉得多，他师父上辈子除了草药学，教他最多的就是魔法阵。
Wang Ye was much more familiar with the magic array than the scroll, and in his master's previous life, apart from herbology, what taught him the most was the magic array.
低等级的魔法阵布置反而不需要布置者有太多的魔力储备，因为魔法阵可以拆开一点点布置，而不像卷轴、药剂一类需要一气呵成。有些魔法阵使用的能量全靠献祭物和绘制魔法阵使用的材料，这种魔法阵对使用者的魔力储备要求更小。
The arrangement of low-level magic arrays does not require the arranger to have too much mana reserves, because the magic array can be disassembled and arranged a little bit, unlike scrolls and potions, which need to be completed in one go. Some magic circles use energy based entirely on sacrifices and materials used to draw the magic circle, and this type of magic circle requires less mana reserves for the user.
王叶上辈子把因果之力当做魔法阵的启动能量，一样能用。
In his previous life, Wang Ye used the power of cause and effect as the activation energy of the magic array, and he could use it as well.
魔法阵布置好，王叶最后放上一根雷木的头发，默念召唤口诀。
The magic array was arranged, and Wang Ye finally put on a piece of Lei Mu's hair and silently recited the summoning formula.
魔法阵发出光芒，开始启动。 The magic circle glowed and began to activate.
召唤魔法阵能启动，这就说明这种术法在这个秘境得到了认可，它能允许召唤生物降临。
The summoning magic array can be activated, which means that this spell is recognized in this secret realm, and it can allow summoned creatures to descend.
因为那根头发，这个召唤魔法阵锁定了目标，不会召唤来其他王叶不需要的生物。
Because of that hair, this summoning magic array locked onto the target and would not summon other creatures that Wang Ye didn't need.
雷木一感到召唤，立刻顺着那股力量落入魔法阵中。 As soon as Lei Mu felt called, he immediately followed the power and fell into the magic array.
当光芒散去，魔法阵中间出现了一名身穿黑色衣袍，身材宛如古战神一般，浑身都被神秘古老字符覆盖，额头还有两个晶莹剔透翡翠小角的……英俊魔族。
When the light dissipated, a man in a black robe appeared in the middle of the magic array, with a figure like an ancient god of war, covered in mysterious ancient characters, and two small crystal clear jade horns on his forehead...... Handsome demons.
雷木已经能控制自己体内血脉，这次翡翠角上没有长出嫩芽，但他也无法改变翡翠角的颜色。
Lei Mu was already able to control the bloodline in his body, and this time there were no buds growing on the jade horn, but he couldn't change the color of the jade horn either.
王叶瞅着这样的雷木，擦了擦口水。他家大木木真的是越来越帅了，不管哪个模样都帅得让人腿软。
Wang Ye looked at such a thunder wood and wiped his saliva. His big Mumu is really getting more and more handsome, no matter which appearance he looks like, he is so handsome that his legs are weak.
虫巢中，疯药王表情怪异，他不是今天才知道雷木具有魔族血脉，但还是第一次看到这个模样的雷木。
In the hive, the Mad Medicine King had a strange expression, he didn't know that Lei Mu had demon blood today, but it was the first time he had seen this appearance of Lei Mu.
这样的雷木真的很像是传说中的战斗型纯血魔族，诡异却又充满另类的阳刚魅惑。
This kind of thunderwood really looks like a legendary combat-type pure-blood demon, weird but full of alternative masculine charm.
金宝儿急得皮卡叽皮卡叽叫个不停，他也想出去。 Kimbell was so anxious that he couldn't stop screaming, and he wanted to go out too.
小云似乎对外面的空间很好奇，脚丫子点来点去，明显也想去外面那个世界溜达溜达。
Xiaoyun seemed to be very curious about the space outside, and his feet were a little bit around, obviously wanting to go to the outside world to wander around.
疯药王不得不负起幼儿园园长的职责，警告两个小的：“别想着去外面玩。那可是知识之城，你们要是到了那里，那些不知道躲在哪里的老怪物一定会冒出来把你们抢走，你们可是那些老怪物最想得到的宝贝之一。死的精灵和树人，他们都渴望得不得了，更何况是两个活的，还是幼崽。”
The mad medicine king had to take on the duties of the head of the kindergarten and warned the two little ones: "Don't think about going outside to play." It's the City of Knowledge, and if you get there, the old monsters who don't know where to hide will come out and snatch you, and you're one of the treasures that the old monsters want the most. Dead elves and treants, they both crave so much, let alone two alive, cubs. ”
两小被吓住了吗？ Are the two little ones scared?
怎么可能。不过他们也知道自己出不去，只能乖乖待在虫巢里看外面的爸爸们探险。
How can it be. However, they also know that they can't get out, so they can only obediently stay in the hive and watch their fathers explore outside.
一道阴冷的精神力扫过雷木和王叶。 A cold spiritual power swept over Lei Mu and Wang Ye.
两人全都有所感觉，但两人都克制着没有转头四看。 Both of them felt something, but both of them restrained themselves from turning their heads to look around.
雷木从魔法阵中走出来，对王叶点点头。 Lei Mu walked out of the magic array and nodded to Wang Ye.
王叶上前，抓住雷木的手，明明天天都能看到，但王叶还是特别高兴，接下来他就能和木木一起浪了。
Wang Ye stepped forward and grabbed Lei Mu's hand, he could see it every day tomorrow, but Wang Ye was still very happy, and then he would be able to wave with Mu Mu.
突然就觉得这个气氛阴森死寂的副本都变得阳光明媚几分。
Suddenly, I felt that the atmosphere was gloomy and deadly and the copy became a little sunny.
“有排斥吗？”王叶低声问。 "Is there rejection?" Wang Ye asked in a low voice.
雷木摇头，“没有什么特别感觉。” Remu shook his head, "I don't feel anything special. ”
“那你有没有听到什么声音或警告之类？” "Did you hear any sounds or warnings or anything like that?"
雷木再次摇头。 Remu shook his head again.
王叶放心了，看来雷木接下来都能以他的召唤灵身份做他的临时伙伴。
Wang Ye was relieved, it seemed that Lei Mu would be able to use his summoning spirit as his temporary partner in the future.
第164章 智慧之水 Chapter 164: Water of Wisdom
“你这次又召唤我来是有什么事？”雷木装腔作势地道。
"Why did you summon me again this time?" Lei Mu pretended to be authentic.
“我遇到了解决不了的困难，我需要伙伴，需要帮助。”王叶摊手道。
"I have encountered difficulties that I can't solve, I need partners, I need help." Wang Ye said.
雷木：“献出你的祭品。” Thunderwood: "Offer your sacrifice." ”
“好。”王叶闭上眼睛。 "Okay." Wang Ye closed his eyes.
雷木的手掌落到王叶头顶上。 Lei Mu's palm landed on top of Wang Ye's head.
温暖干燥有力的手掌传来了无尽的安心感。 The warm, dry, and powerful palm of the hand conveys an endless sense of reassurance.
王叶嘴角弯了弯，他喜欢极了这种被宠爱的错觉。 The corners of Wang Ye's mouth curled, he liked this illusion of being pampered.
也许不是错觉，木木是真的在宠爱他。 Maybe it's not an illusion, Mu Mu is really pampering him.
“献祭仪式”结束。 The "sacrificial ceremony" ends.
“是想先去找智慧之水吗？地图给我看看。”雷木道。 "Do you want to find the water of wisdom first? Show me the map. "Thunderwood Road.
王叶笑颜逐开，木木果然了解他。 Wang Ye smiled, Mu Mu really understood him.
雷木接过邀请函里夹带的简陋地图，边看边对照附近地形。
Lei Mu took the rudimentary map included in the invitation and compared it with the nearby terrain as he looked at it.
“目标像是在湖里。这湖水除了本身自带的毒性，里面还有些很强的水生魔兽。魔兽我来对付，你就负责去拿智慧之水。”雷木两句话就定下接下来要怎么做。
"The target is like being in a lake. In addition to the toxicity of this lake, there are also some strong aquatic monsters in it. I'll deal with the monsters, and you'll be responsible for taking the water of wisdom. Lei Mu decided what to do next in two sentences.
王叶却摇头道：“我有邀请函，刚才在湖水中那些魔兽就没有攻击我。而且这湖水黏性很大，很难游动，我怕没有邀请函会更难以游动。木，你在岸上等我，我先下水看看情况。”
Wang Ye shook his head and said, "I have an invitation, and those demonic beasts in the lake just now didn't attack me." And the lake is very sticky, and it is difficult to swim, and I am afraid that it will be even more difficult to swim without an invitation. Wood, you wait for me on the shore, I'll go into the water first to see how it goes. ”
王叶留了个心眼，没叫雷木全名。 Wang Ye kept an eye on it, and did not call Lei Mu's full name.
雷木没说话，而是走到湖边，先观察了一下，再弯腰去摸湖水。
Lei Mu didn't speak, but walked to the lake, first observed, and then bent down to touch the lake.
湖水确实十分粘稠，手指在里面搅动，都有吃力之感。 The water of the lake is indeed very viscous, and it is difficult for your fingers to stir in it.
但湖里那些游弋的青黑色身影并没有往这边集中。 But the blue-black figures swimming in the lake did not concentrate on this side.
“叶子，你过来。” "Yezi, come here."
王叶走到雷木身边。 Wang Ye walked to Lei Mu's side.
雷木示意王叶把邀请函给他：“你伸手去摸湖水，感觉一下有邀请函和没有邀请函的差异。”
Lei Mu motioned to Wang Ye to give him the invitation: "You reach out and touch the lake, and feel the difference between having an invitation and not having an invitation." ”
王叶也正有此意，立刻蹲下，伸手去摸湖水。 Wang Ye also had this intention, and immediately squatted down and reached out to touch the lake.
“更粘稠了，如果我没有邀请函，进入就会被缠住，极有可能被直接拉拽下去，比沼泽还可怕。”
"It's more sticky, if I don't have an invitation, I'll be entangled when I enter, and it's very likely that I'll be pulled straight down, which is more terrible than a swamp."
更不妙的是，湖里游弋的水生魔兽像是察觉到什么，全都快速向这边集中。
What's even worse is that the aquatic demonic beasts swimming in the lake seem to sense something, and they all quickly concentrate here.
王叶迅速拔出手掌，往后退了一步。 Wang Ye quickly pulled out his palm and took a step back.
那些水生魔兽游弋的动作变慢，似乎找不到目标了，又慢慢散开。
The movements of those aquatic demonic beasts slowed down, and they seemed to be unable to find their target, and slowly dispersed again.
雷木也试了下有邀请函和没有邀请函的区别，确实是有邀请函搅动湖水更轻松。
Lei Mu also tried the difference between having an invitation letter and not having an invitation letter, and it was indeed easier to stir up the lake with an invitation letter.
雷木把邀请函交给王叶，再次伸手放入湖水中搅动，这次他搅的时间很长，把胳膊都伸进湖水中。
Lei Mu handed the invitation to Wang Ye, and once again reached into the lake water and stirred, this time he stirred for a long time, and stretched his arms into the lake water.
可那些水生魔兽像是什么都没有感觉到一样，半点靠过来的意思都没有。
But those aquatic demonic beasts didn't feel anything, and they didn't mean to lean over at all.
王叶放下邀请函又去试了一次。 Wang Ye put down the invitation and went to try again.
水生魔兽们立刻又激动起来。 The aquatic monsters immediately became excited again.
这下两人清楚了，王叶道：“看来那些水生魔兽能感知到我，但感知不到你。”
Now the two of them were clear, and Wang Ye said: "It seems that those aquatic demonic beasts can sense me, but they can't sense you." ”
雷木推测：“应该跟我的种族有关。” Remu speculated, "It should have something to do with my race." ”
疯药王发出嗤笑声：“当然有关。王叶是人类，散发出来的是食物的香味。雷木现在是魔族，魔族不狩猎那些魔兽就不错，当然不在那些魔兽的食谱上。”
The Mad Medicine King sneered, "Of course it's related. Wang Ye is a human being, and what he exudes is the fragrance of food. Lei Mu is now a demon, and it would be good if the demon clan didn't hunt those magical beasts, and of course it wasn't on the recipes of those magical beasts. ”
雷木道：“这是好事。叶子，我和你一起进入湖中。” Lei Mu said: "This is a good thing. Leaf, I go into the lake with you. ”
王叶也知道东西不会好拿，但他不想雷木为他承担危险，坚持让雷木在湖面上支援他。
Wang Ye also knew that things would not be easy to take, but he didn't want Lei Mu to take danger for him, so he insisted that Lei Mu support him on the lake.
雷木很想说，你还是个小不点，你不需要一直挡在我前面。但他知道王叶在某些时候很在乎别人说他小，偏偏对自己人的保护欲还极强，所以他就把这话咽下去了，改为：
Remu wanted to say, you're still a little bit, you don't need to be in front of me all the time. But he knew that Wang Ye cared a lot about others saying that he was young at some times, but he was still very protective of his own people, so he swallowed this and changed it to:
“如果你在湖水下面出事，以这个湖泊的能见度，我在上面什么都看不清楚，我也不知道你什么时候才能出来，我等不到你，肯定会下湖，但那时我不知道你在哪里，我们反而会错过。还不如一起下去，一旦遇到什么危险，我们还能共同应对。再不行，我们还有一个安全退路。”
王叶想到雷木也能自由出入虫巢，勉强同意。
两人先用魔板飞行到湖水上空。
雷木为了掩饰身份，没有使用魔板，但他的飞行魔法也很不错，让他稳稳站在上空。
王叶这才发现，在他忙碌的时候，雷木似乎更加强大了。
至少雷木现在的实力等级绝对比他高。
“奖品地点就在这下面。深度标明为四米。”
四米深度并不算深，两人同时落入湖水中。
为了防止两人被分开，王叶也给雷木挂了一个因果循环保护罩。
两人一前一后，王叶在前，雷木在后，但只差了一个头的身位，彼此侧头就能看到对方。
湖里的魔兽似乎察觉到有食物靠近，但因为王叶手中的邀请函，它们只能焦躁地在周围游来游去，而没有靠近。
偶尔掠过两人身边的巨大身影已经足以表明这种水生魔兽的杀伤性。
王叶还看到一只魔兽冲着他张开嘴巴，露出两排尖利的牙齿。
王叶十分镇定，游动的动作都没有改变多少，但这沼泽一样的湖水，就算拿着邀请函，还是难以拨动。
王叶游动得很难看，像是一只小虫子在融化开的奶酪里钻个不停。
他要使用能量硬是破开湖水，才能往目的地下沉。
雷木虽然没有邀请函，但他游动起来看起来比王叶轻松多了，有点像湖中那些水生魔兽。
他的魔族血脉让他对这种恶劣环境似乎十分适应。
目标地点到达，两人都看到了漂浮在湖水中的水晶盒。
那水晶盒就那么悬浮在湖水中，怎么看怎么诡异。
王叶慢慢接近水晶盒。
王叶回头看雷木。
雷木对他微微点头，一只手搭在了王叶腰部。
王叶伸手碰到水晶盒。
一刹那，两人就像是被放到了滚筒洗衣机中，几下大力旋转，两人就被抛飞了出去。
雷木抓紧王叶腰带。
两人在半空都保护好了自己，等落到地上时，姿势还好不算太难看。
周围很安静，天空灰蒙蒙的，一脚踩下去，地面极为粘稠，且黑乎乎的，把脚拔出来，鞋底能带出黑色的丝。
“这是什么地方？”王叶问。
雷木知道问的不是他。
疯药王过了一会儿才说道：“不知道，这地方很陌生，我没见过。”
但王叶很肯定这里还是搏命之城，因为系统没有任何反应。
雷木拉了拉王叶，示意他看向前方。
就在前方出现了一张桌子，桌子上放了三个碗。
两人在原地站了一会儿，没有任何人来招呼他们。
两人只好走向那张桌子，粘稠的黑泥踩下去拔出来都会发出噗刺噗刺声。
桌子是石桌，没什么好说的。
重点是三个碗，每个碗里都有液体，不过一个透明如清水，一个金黄粘稠如蜂蜜，还有一个则是漆黑粘稠如石油。
“这是让我们选择的意思？还是让我们三个都喝下去？”王叶手指伸向其中一个碗。
“不能碰！”终于，一道声音冒了出来。
那是个有点机械的声音。
王叶手指顿住：“碰了会怎么样？”
“三个碗会全部消失，你将失去得到智慧之水的机会。”机械声道。
王叶收回手指，看来是不能使用鉴定术了。
“如果不碰触，我又要怎么得到智慧之水？”王叶问道。
机械声：“从你的方向看，从左往右，你说出你要哪一碗，那碗液体就属于你，其他两碗消失。”
“我们有两个人，可以选两次吗？”
“邀请函只有一张，只能选择一次。”机械声木愣愣地道。
王叶不满：“这不是奖励吗？为什么还要选择？”
“这三碗都是智慧之水。”机械声回答。
王叶不解：“那为什么还要选择？这三碗智慧之水有什么区别？”
机械音认真道：“区别就是，有一碗喝下去，你的智慧会提高。还有一碗喝下去，你智慧提高的同时会被毒死。最后一碗喝下去，你大脑会被进一步开发，但你也有可能原地炸开。”
王叶：“……”
就知道这奖励不好拿。
虽然他因为千木之毒，形成了毒不死之体，但原地爆炸什么的，这性质明显和中毒不同。
王叶抱臂，眼睛盯着三个碗看个不停，像是在思考到底要选择哪一个。
总觉得有点不对劲，王叶脑子转得飞快。
忽然他像是想到什么，冷不丁就问道：“如果我想得到全部的智慧之水，需要我做什么？”
他想起了狄滨和他刚见面时说的话，这可是搏命之城，以答题为主。
现在他遇到的是选择题，看似也是在答题，但会不会有其他题目？
王叶就尝试了一下。
没想到机械音真的回答他道：“想要带走三碗全部智慧之水，必须让这个盆子里的液体变得清澈无毒。”
三碗水的前方又出现了一个小盆。
盆里装着青黑色的液体，看上去就十分肮脏和粘稠。
王叶瞅瞅这盆水，感觉自己似乎摸到了智慧之湖答题的脉络。
想想看，这个湖泊可是由废弃液形成。
那么这里的题目与处理废弃液有关也不奇怪了。
王叶刚要分析那盆里的液体都是什么成分。
机械音再次冒出：“你只有一次选择机会，是选择在三碗液体中选择一碗带走，还是选择三碗一起带走？如果选择后者，问题解决失败，答题者死。”
王叶看向雷木。
雷木在这方面也没办法帮他做决定：“最安全的做法就是只选一碗带走。对方也没有要求我们必须当着它的面喝下。”
机械音没有出声反对。
但王叶总觉得这事没有这么简单：“我刚才问它能不能把三碗一起带走，它就对我出了题目。你觉得会不会真正的智慧之水应该是三碗合一？”
雷木：“是有这个可能。”
疯药王也道：“处理废弃液不是什么难事，这个药方在药典中就有，现在就看药材齐不齐。”
王叶当即对着空气询问：“如果我选择答题解决问题，材料你们提供吗？”
“……可以。”
“很好。我选择把三碗智慧之水一起带走，我愿意答题。现在，我可以触碰这盆污水了吗？”
机械音：“可以。”
王叶立刻先甩了个鉴定术，确定这盆水就是有毒的废弃液。再具体感知和分析这盆废弃液都含有哪些有毒成分，要用哪些药材才能真正净化干净。
药典有相关药方，但还是需要根据实际情况进行调整。
“我需要这些材料，麻烦给我准备。”王叶张口就熟练地报出一堆材料。
“报出的材料需要全部使用。”机械音也没给王叶钻空子的机会。
王叶表示可惜，把他需要的材料重新报了一遍。
疯药王捂脸：这小兔崽子真的是走到哪里都要刮人家一点油，没治了！
雷木则全神贯注地戒备周围和观察周围。
空地上又出现了一张石桌，这次竟然是完整的炼药工具台，连同炼药工具，全套都有。
伴随着炼药台出现，上面还摆放了一堆王叶刚刚报出来的材料。
王叶走到炼药台边，开始处理材料。 Wang Ye walked to the side of the alchemy table and began to process the materials.
雷木看向王叶，眼中露出欣赏之色。 Lei Mu looked at Wang Ye with a look of appreciation in his eyes.
这时候的小叶子看起来真的有种特别的光彩。 At this time, the small leaves really look like they have a special brilliance.
一只黑色的小脑袋从雷木口袋里探出头，轻轻叫了一声：“皮卡叽~”
A small black head poked its head out of Lei Mu's pocket and called softly: "Pikaji~"
雷木唰地低头。 Lei Mu bowed his head.
黑色小脑袋抬头，对雷木讨好地笑了笑：“爸叽~” The little black head raised his head and smiled flatteringly at Lei Mu: "Dad~"
虫巢内，疯药王大吃一惊，迅速扭头，就见小树人小云正在用树枝手盘弄一只黑色的小四脚蛇。
Inside the hive, the Mad Medicine King was taken aback, and quickly turned his head, only to see the little tree man Xiaoyun playing with a small black four-legged snake with a branch.
小四脚蛇还不住发出皮卡叽的叫声。 The little four-legged snake couldn't stop making a pickup call.
疯药王飘过去。 The Mad Medicine King floated over.
小树人献宝一样把小四脚蛇举起来：“玩吗？” The little tree man lifted the little four-legged snake up like a treasure: "Play?" ”
疯药王看清这只小四脚蛇，气炸：“小混蛋养的果然也是小混蛋！”
The Mad Medicine King saw this little four-legged snake clearly, and exploded angrily: "The little bastard is really a little bastard!" ”
这哪里是金宝儿，根本就是一只只有金宝外形的玩具小四脚蛇，按它，它还会叫。
Where is this Kimbell, it is simply a small toy four-legged snake with the shape of Kimbell, press it, it will bark.
金宝：雷木爸爸给我做的玩具呀，雷木爸爸最棒了，皮卡叽~！
Jinbao: The toys that Daddy Leimu made for me, Daddy Leimu is the best, Pickup~!
雷木也没想到，金宝竟然大胆到溜进他的衣服口袋里，跟他一起被召唤了过来。也怪他对金宝的气息太熟悉，金宝又天天跟着他，让他习惯了，以至于金宝溜进他口袋里，他都没有察觉不对。
Lei Mu didn't expect that Jinbao would be so bold as to sneak into his clothes pocket and be summoned with him. It was also blamed that he was too familiar with Jinbao's breath, and Jinbao followed him every day, making him accustomed to it, so that Jinbao slipped into his pocket, and he didn't notice anything wrong.
好吧，金宝不是被召唤来的，他就是他的附属物，被附带过来的。
Well, Campbell wasn't summoned, he was his appendage, and he was attached.
“金宝！”雷木沉下脸。 "Jinbao!" Remu sank his face.
金宝咻地把脑袋缩回口袋，过了两秒，又探出来。 Kimbell retracted his head back into his pocket, and after two seconds, poked it out again.
小家伙小爪子飞快爬动，主动爬到雷木手上，讨好地翻过身，露出小肚皮：“爸叽~”
雷木：别以为这样我就不会揍你。 Remu: Don't think I won't beat you up that way.
但现在显然不是揍孩子的时候，雷木把金宝放回口袋里。
金宝还不愿意，非要爬到雷木肩膀上，左顾右盼。 Jinbao was still unwilling, so he had to climb onto Lei Mu's shoulder and look left and right.
“小心点，别乱跑。”雷木还要注意王叶那边，只能叮嘱金宝。
"Be careful, don't run around." Lei Mu also had to pay attention to Wang Ye's side, and could only tell Jinbao.
金宝点头表示他一定不会乱跑，但当他看到不远处有几块大大小小方方的石头，他就跳了过去，在那边跳来跳去地玩耍。
Jinbao nodded that he would not run around, but when he saw a few large and small square stones not far away, he jumped over and played around in that area.
雷木见金宝没有远离，而且暂时没什么危险，就没管他。
Lei Mu saw that Jinbao was not far away, and there was no danger for the time being, so he ignored him.
虫巢里，小云羡慕地看着外面的金宝，他也好想出去玩。
In the hive, Xiaoyun looked at Jinbao outside with envy, and he really wanted to go out to play.
王叶还不知道金宝也偷偷跟了出来，正在全神贯注地炼制净化药剂。
Wang Ye didn't know that Jin Bao had also secretly followed, and was concentrating on refining the purification potion.
金宝儿嗅嗅他脚下踩着的方块，像是感觉到什么，开始吭哧吭哧地用力。
Kimbella sniffed the block under his feet, as if sensing something, and began to snort.
“吱——”奇怪的声音响起。 "Squeak-" A strange voice sounded.
“停下来，快让他停下来！”机械音变得稍微慌张。 "Stop, let him stop!" The mechanical voice became slightly flustered.
雷木迅速看向声音传来的方向。 Reimu quickly looked in the direction the voice was coming from.
金宝儿还在努力，他感觉到这里有很好的金属材料，他要提炼出来送给雷木爸爸。
Kimbell was still working on it, he felt that there were good metal materials here, and he wanted to refine them and give them to Thunderwood's father.
“吱——咔！”一个方形石头突然裂开。 "Squeak-click!" A square stone suddenly cracked.
“停下！快停下！”机械音急得不住叫。 "Stop! Stop it! The mechanical voice was so anxious that it couldn't stop screaming.
雷木勾了勾唇角。 Remu hooked the corners of his lips.
王叶那边也听到了，但他这时不好分神，仍旧集中精力在炼制净化药剂。
Wang Ye also heard it, but he couldn't be distracted at this time, and he still concentrated on refining the purification potion.
金宝儿看到有漂亮的金属颗粒浮起来，更加使出了吃奶的力，他要让两个爸爸知道他是非常有用的，比那个新来的只会种地的家伙有用得多！
Seeing the beautiful metal particles floating, Kimbell used all the more force to feed, and he wanted to show the two fathers that he was very useful, much more useful than the new guy who could only farm!
机械音都要哭了：“快停下来！强盗，不要抢走我的身体，我会死，我不想死，快停下！”
The mechanical voice was about to cry: "Stop! Robber, don't take my body, I'm going to die, I don't want to die, stop! ”
“金宝儿，过来！”雷木对金宝招手。 "Kimbella, come here!" Remu beckoned to Kimbell.
金宝忙得满头汗：“爸叽，皮卡叽~”雷木爸爸，等一会儿，我马上就好。
Jinbao was so busy that he was sweating: "Dad, Pickup~" Father Leimu, wait a while, I'll be fine right away.
机械音发出惨叫：“你们不能这么做。我真的不能把智慧之水凭白送给你们，你们必须要做题，这是规则！求求你们，停下来，不要损毁我的身体了，呜呜。”
The mechanical voice screamed, "You can't do this. I really can't give you the water of wisdom for nothing, you have to do the question, that's the rule! Please, stop, don't damage my body, woo. ”
机械音竟然哭了起来。 The mechanical voice actually cried.
雷木再次呼唤金宝：“金宝，停下来，你提炼的金属是属于别人的，快过来。”
Lei Mu called out to Jinbao again: "Jinbao, stop, the metal you refined belongs to someone else, come here." ”
金宝抬头：“叽？” Jinbao looked up: "Huh? ”
雷木伸手。 Raimi stretched out his hand.
金宝顶着他刚刚凝聚出来的一小团金属，咻地一下蹿到雷木手臂上，把那一小团金属放到雷木手心里：“皮卡叽~皮卡皮卡叽~！”
Jinbao held a small ball of metal that he had just condensed, jumped onto Lei Mu's arm, and put the small ball of metal in Lei Mu's palm: "Pickup Pickup ~ Pickup Pickup Pick~!" ”
“是很珍贵和稀少的金属吗？吸收这种金属对你有没有好处？”雷木摸了摸小金宝。
"Is it a precious and rare metal? Is it good for you to absorb this metal? Lei Mu touched the little Jinbao.
金宝急急点头，他想送给爸爸，但他也想吃一点点啦。 Jinbao nodded hurriedly, he wanted to give it to his father, but he also wanted to eat a little.
“嗯，你等等，先等你……召唤者把药剂炼制完了再说。”雷木把金宝放到肩头，切了一小点喂给金宝，才拿着剩下的那块金属走到那几块方块面前。
"Well, you wait, wait for you first...... The summoner has finished refining the potion. Raywood put Jinbao on his shoulder, cut a small amount and fed it to Jinbao, before taking the remaining piece of metal and walking over to the cubes.
“你是这里的管理者？”雷木问。 "You're the manager here?" Raimu asked.
机械音过了好一会儿才发声：“是的，我是智慧之湖的管理者。”
It took a long time for the mechanical voice to speak, "Yes, I am the manager of the Lake of Wisdom. ”
“智慧之湖？不是废弃液处理池？” "The Lake of Wisdom? Not a waste liquid treatment tank? ”
机械音：“原来你们知道啊。” Mechanical voice: "So you know. ”
“是的，我们知道，我们还知道这里原本叫做知识之城，而不是搏命之城。”
"Yes, we know, and we know that this was originally called the City of Knowledge, not the City of Death."
“那你们以前来过我们知识之城吗？”不知道是不是错觉，原本死板的机械音这时竟然变得有点亲切起来。
"Have you ever been to our City of Knowledge before?" I don't know if it's an illusion, but the originally rigid mechanical voice has become a little kind at this time.
雷木心中一动，说道：“我没来过，但我的同伴的长辈在这里有魔法塔，他这次过来就是遵照长辈指引来继承他的魔法塔。”
Lei Mu's heart moved, and he said: "I haven't been here, but the elders of my companions have magic towers here, and he came here this time to inherit his magic tower according to the guidance of his elders." ”
“是吗？他的长辈是谁，说不定我认识。”机械音似乎更为高兴了一点。
"Really? Who his elders are, maybe I know. The mechanical voice seemed a little happier.
雷木没有回答这个问题，而是摊开手掌心：“很抱歉，小孩子不懂事，这个还给你。”
Lei Mu didn't answer this question, but spread out his palms: "I'm sorry, the child is not sensible, this is back to you." ”
机械音一下变得沮丧：“没用了，已经被提炼出来，就算还给我，我也没办法复原。我已经坏了，现在坏得更厉害了。如果不是我坏掉了，这个湖泊也不会变成这样，这里原本的水明明很清澈，湖里还有漂亮的小鱼，可现在里面长得都是怪物。”
The mechanical voice suddenly became depressed: "It's useless, it's been refined, even if I return it, I can't restore it." I'm already broken, and now it's even worse. If I hadn't broken it, this lake wouldn't have become like this, the water here was originally very clear, and there were beautiful little fish in the lake, but now it is full of monsters. ”
雷木略略迟疑，说道：“我稍微懂一点炼金术，如果你愿意的话，我可以帮你看看，不敢说帮你修好，但情况怎么也不会比现在更坏。”
Lei Mu hesitated slightly, and said: "I know a little bit about alchemy, if you want, I can help you take a look, I dare not say that I will help you fix it, but the situation will not be worse than now." ”
“你是炼金师？”机械音似乎一下兴奋起来：“如果你能帮我看看，那就太好了。如果你能解决我的问题，我会送给你一个奖励。”
"You're an alchemist?" The mechanical voice seemed to be excited: "It would be great if you could help me take a look." If you can solve my problem, I'll give you a reward. ”
机械音又停顿了一下：“但如果你不能解决我的问题，按照规则，我必须惩罚你。”
The mechanical voice paused again: "But if you can't solve my problem, according to the rules, I must punish you." ”
雷木趁机问道：“以前知识之城也有这样的规则吗？” Lei Mu took the opportunity to ask, "Did the City of Knowledge have such rules before?" ”
机械音这次沉默了很久，在雷木以为它不会回答的时候，它才再次发出声音：“不，这不是知识之城的规则，是搏命之城的规则。”
The mechanical voice was silent for a long time this time, and only when Reimu thought it wouldn't answer, did it speak again: "No, this is not the rules of the City of Knowledge, it is the rules of the City of Fighting. ”
“是谁定下的新规则？” "Who set the new rules?"
“……城主。” “…… Castle Lord. ”
“城主是谁？在哪里？” "Who is the lord of the city? Where is it? ”
“城主是……”一阵刺耳的机械音传来，过了一会儿才恢复正常：“很抱歉，你的问题我不能回答。请问你要解决我的问题吗？如果你不能做到，请不要随便尝试，惩罚很糟糕。”
"The city lord is ......" A shrill mechanical voice came, and it took a while to return to normal: "I'm sorry, I can't answer your question." Pls do you want to solve my problem? If you can't do it, don't just try it, the punishment is terrible. ”
雷木正要应下，就听到小叶子喊他：“木，等等！” Lei Mu was about to respond, when he heard Xiao Yezi call him: "Mu, wait!" ”
第165章 信赖这个问题 Chapter 165: Trust the Question
王叶是个多疑的人，他的生活经历造就了他的性格，上辈子，他唯一信任的人只有木木，变成傀儡的木木。
Wang Ye is a suspicious person, his life experience has created his character, in his previous life, the only person he trusted was Mu Mu, Mu Mu who became a puppet.
就是他师父和他姑姑，他不是说不信任，但他会不由自主带上一点提防，会忍不住去想他们为什么要这么做、他们想从我身上得到什么。
It's his master and his aunt, he doesn't mean he doesn't trust it, but he can't help but be a little wary, and he can't help but think about why they did it, what they want from me.
连对他姑、他师父都是这种略带防备的心态，可想而知王叶看别人时又是怎样的提防。
Even his aunt and his master are a little defensive mentality, one can imagine how wary Wang Ye is when he looks at others.
这辈子，如果不是因为有上辈子那个傀儡木木打底，王叶绝不可能这么信任现在这个有自己完整意识的雷木。
In this life, if it weren't for the puppet Mu Mu in his previous life, Wang Ye would never have trusted Lei Mu so much now, who has his own complete consciousness.
可以说一开始王叶完全是把雷木当上辈子的傀儡木木看，下意识就认为他不可能背叛他。
It can be said that at the beginning, Wang Ye completely regarded Lei Mu as a puppet Mu Mu in his previous life, and subconsciously thought that it was impossible for him to betray him.
因为有了这么一个主观意识，他和雷木相处时就特别自然也特别信赖，幸好雷木也感受到他这份信赖，逐渐也对他放开心怀，接纳了他，并对他付出感情和责任。
Because of such a subjective consciousness, he was very natural and trusting when he got along with Lei Mu, but fortunately, Lei Mu also felt his trust, and gradually let go of him, accepted him, and paid affection and responsibility to him.
如此，就形成了良性循环。等王叶想到他应该区分上辈子的木木和这辈子的雷木时，他已经和雷木结成伙伴契约，在彼此都能感知到对方最真实的情绪的情况下，很自然地就彻底对雷木放下心防。
In this way, a virtuous circle is formed. When Wang Ye thought that he should distinguish between Mu Mu in the previous life and Lei Mu in this life, he had already formed a partnership contract with Lei Mu, and when each could sense the other's truest emotions, it was natural to completely let go of Lei Mu.
但这个特殊的对象只有雷木。 But this particular object is only Raigi.
王叶对其他人还是首先怀疑，这种性格绝不能说好，但也确实让他从细微处发现了很多违和点，从而判断出谁对自己抱有善意，谁对自己抱有恶意，再有因果卷辅佐，更是让他看得清清楚楚，从而避开了不少陷阱和阴谋。
Wang Ye is still the first to suspect others, this kind of character can never be said to be good, but it does allow him to find a lot of discord points from the subtleties, so as to judge who has good intentions towards himself and who has malicious intentions towards himself, and then there is the assistance of the cause and effect volume, which allows him to see clearly, thus avoiding many traps and conspiracies.
现在王叶看这个傀儡就觉得到处都是问题。 Now Wang Ye looks at this puppet and feels that there are problems everywhere.
傀儡之所以叫傀儡，就跟地球的机器人一样，它们没有感情更没有灵魂，它们所有的言行都是编好的程序，比较智能的还能根据你的反应来反应。
The reason why puppets are called puppets is that they are like the robots of the earth, they have no emotion and no soul, all their words and deeds are programmed, and they can react according to your reaction.
但这个智慧之湖管理者和雷木的交谈过程和感情表达，明显不像是普通傀儡。
But the conversation process and emotional expression between this Lake of Wisdom Manager and Lei Mu obviously don't look like ordinary puppets.
而且这个傀儡竟然没有认出雷木是魔族，竟然跟一个魔族求救，它就不怕被坑吗？
And this puppet didn't even recognize Lei Mu as a demon, and even asked a demon for help, isn't it afraid of being pitted?
最重要的是雷木是他召唤而来，是他的辅助者，而不是另一个“玩家”。
The most important thing is that Thunderwood is summoned by him, his helper, not another "player".
他们两人组队的正确方式应该是他王叶专门负责答题和解决问题，而雷木则是作为帮忙的人。
The correct way for the two of them to team up should be that Wang Ye is specifically responsible for answering questions and solving problems, while Lei Mu is the one who helps.
如果雷木现在接下一个单独的任务，那么就变成了两个人都需要各自答题，参赛选手也就变成了两个。
If Reimu now takes on a separate task, then it will become two people who need to answer their own questions, and the contestants will become two.
同样危险也会翻倍！ The same danger will be doubled!
“喂，那谁，你是不是找错求助对象了。”王叶冷冷道。
"Hey, who is that, are you looking for the wrong person to turn to?" Wang Ye said coldly.
雷木给了王叶一个安心的眼神，他现在可是魔族，对灵魂感知非常敏感，之前他就是感知到这个傀儡的灵魂有异，他才会以帮忙的名义试探对方。
Lei Mu gave Wang Ye a reassuring look, he is now a demon and is very sensitive to soul perception, before he sensed that the soul of this puppet was different, so he would test the other party in the name of helping.
他下意识地觉得这个“灵魂”也许可以利用。 He subconsciously felt that this "soul" might be able to be used.
当然，对方也有可能故意装得可怜，想要挖坑谋害他。 Of course, it is also possible that the other party deliberately pretends to be pitiful and wants to dig a pit to murder him.
雷木配合地勾唇露出一个邪恶微笑，道：“它想坑我？”
Lei Mu hooked his lips and smiled evilly, and said, "It wants to trick me?" ”
王叶简直想给雷木鼓掌。 Wang Ye almost wanted to applaud Lei Mu.
机械音有点焦急地辩解：“没有，我不是想要坑你，是你先提出来帮我看看，但按照规则，你就是在解决问题。”
The mechanical voice was a little anxious to defend: "No, I didn't want to trick you, you brought it up first to help me see, but according to the rules, you are solving the problem." ”
“胡扯。你出题，和木主动愿意帮你，那就是两码事。可你非把别人的主动帮忙硬说成解决问题，帮到你，你给出奖励，帮不到你，你就要惩罚木。那木为什么要帮助你？不是给自己找麻烦吗？”王叶冷笑。
". You come up with the question, and Hemu is willing to help you, those are two different things. But if you don't take other people's initiative to help you and say that you solve the problem, if you help you, you give a reward, and if you can't help you, you have to punish wood. Why should Namu help you? Aren't you looking for trouble for yourself? Wang Ye sneered.
机械音有点委屈：“所以我才让他做不到就不要随便尝试，我真的没有想要坑害他。我只是按照搏命之城的规则做事。”
The mechanical voice was a little aggrieved: "That's why I told him not to try casually if he can't do it, I really didn't want to harm him." I'm just doing things according to the rules of the City of Death. ”
王叶突然问：“你是傀儡，还是附身的灵魂？” Wang Ye suddenly asked, "Are you a puppet or a possessed soul?" ”
机械音突然沉默了，过了好一会儿才出声：“我也不知道我是什么……”
The mechanical voice suddenly fell silent, and it took a while before it spoke: "I don't know what I am......"
“行了，不管你是什么，我们一个一个解决。我的净化药剂已经做好，现在我就用药剂去净化那盆污水。”
"Okay, whatever you are, we'll solve them one by one. I've got my purifying potion ready, and now I'm going to use it to purify the sewage. ”
“好的，请使用你的净化药剂，如果污水处理过关，你就可以得到石桌上摆着的三碗不同的智慧之水。”
"Okay, please use your purification potion, if the sewage treatment is cleared, you can get three different bowls of wisdom water on the stone table."
王叶重新走回石桌边，他和雷木目光交错。 Wang Ye walked back to the stone table, his and Lei Mu's eyes intertwined.
两人在刹那间就心领神会对方想要做什么。 In an instant, the two understood what the other wanted to do.
不管这个机械音是否真的没有害人之心，小心提防总没有害处。
Regardless of whether this mechanical sound is really harmless, there is no harm in being careful.
金宝儿探头探脑，王叶指了指他，表示过一会儿再找他算账，金宝昂起脑袋，一副对着干的模样，其实他的小脚脚有点软叽~
Jin Bao'er probed his brain, Wang Ye pointed at him, saying that he would settle accounts with him after a while, Jin Bao raised his head, looking like he was doing it, in fact, his little feet were a little soft~
雷木爸爸顶多口头教育他，叶子爸爸可是真的会揍他屁屁。
At most, Daddy Lei Mu taught him verbally, but Daddy Ye would really beat him up.
王叶把药剂倒入水盆中。 Wang Ye poured the potion into the basin of water.
里面粘稠肮脏的污水开始冒泡，像是里面的脏污正在进行剧烈分解。
The viscous and filthy sewage inside began to bubble, as if the dirt inside was violently decomposing.
过了没几十秒，剧烈反应消失，盆中脏污开始下沉，上层水开始变得清澈。
After a few tens of seconds, the violent reaction disappeared, the dirt in the basin began to sink, and the upper water began to become clear.
大约三分钟后，王叶拿了两个罐子，先把盆里的清水倒出来，又把盆底沉淀的黑泥全都倒入另一个罐子中，并刮得干干净净，没有留下一丁点。
这些黑泥可是好东西，是很难得的肥料，按照一定比例，再加上相应的培植液混合在土壤中，可以变成质量非常好的培植土。
王叶又把清水倒入盆中。
“搞定。那谁，你可以判断了。”
转眼，连盆带水都从石桌上消失。
不到片刻，机械音就再次响起：“恭喜，你解题过关，现在石桌上三碗不同的智慧之水都属于你了。”
王叶当即就对三碗智慧之水分别施展了鉴定术。 Wang Ye immediately performed the identification technique on the three bowls of wisdom water.
果然很坑。 It's really pit.
三碗水，看起来像是金黄色蜂蜜的只是微效版，喝了有那么点用处，但用处不大，而且里面还有一种被鉴定术判断不出来的成分，极有可能对精神核有影响。
Three bowls of water, which looks like golden honey are just a small version, and it is of some use when drunk, but it is not very useful, and there is an ingredient in it that cannot be judged by the identification technique, which is very likely to have an impact on the spiritual core.
像清水的那碗，含有剧毒，会让你内脏和骨骼全都一点点腐烂，让你活活疼死，偏偏因为智慧之水，这个过程你会清醒无比，真是到死的最后一刻，你都在感受自己正在腐烂的痛苦。
Like the bowl of clear water, it contains highly poisonous, which will make your internal organs and bones rot a little bit, and make you die of pain, but because of the water of wisdom, you will be very sober in this process, and it is really until the last moment of death, you are feeling the pain that you are rotting.
最后一碗像石油的，这碗则是没有经过提纯的智慧之水，里面满是暴烈的能量，开智的效果很强，但那足以把九十九级玩家都撑爆的能量，谁喝谁炸。
The last bowl is like oil, this bowl is the water of wisdom that has not been purified, it is full of violent energy, and the effect of enlightenment is very strong, but it is enough energy to burst all the players of level ninety-nine, whoever drinks it will fry it.
有意思的是，含有剧毒的智慧之水中的剧毒正好可以缓和暴烈的能量。
Interestingly, the poison in the poisonous water of wisdom is just right to temper the violent energy.
你身体在腐蚀，暴烈庞大的能量就不断帮你修复，如此也能勉强达到一个平衡。
Your body is corroding, and the violent energy is constantly helping you to repair it, so that you can barely reach a balance.
王叶像在玩耍一般，把珍贵至极的三碗智慧之水全都倒入一个罐子中。
As if playing, Wang Ye poured all the three extremely precious bowls of wisdom water into a jar.
摇一摇晃一晃，再次施展鉴定术。 Shake it and shake it, and perform the identification technique again.
很好，智慧之水的开智效果得到进一步提高，但后遗症也会非常明显，服用者会立即瘫痪，只剩下大脑可以活动，而且其中一种鉴定术无法分辨出来的物质，很可能会损伤精神核。
Very well, the enlightening effect of the water of wisdom has been further improved, but the sequelae will also be very obvious, the user will be immediately paralyzed, only the brain can be active, and one of the substances that cannot be distinguished by the identification technique is likely to damage the spiritual core.
王叶眯眼，这种智慧之水喝下去简直就像是在创造一个超级电脑一般。
Wang Ye squinted, drinking this water of wisdom was like creating a supercomputer.
地球有很多影视节目都是说冰冷无情的程序，超级智脑获得了人类的感情，从此拥有了真正的灵魂。
There are many film and television programs on the earth that say that they are cold and ruthless, and the super intelligent brain has gained the feelings of human beings and has a real soul since then.
而这里，却有人在研究如何把人类大脑开发到极致，却要消灭这个大脑的主观意识，让灵魂消失，让大脑只变成一个超级工具。
Here, however, there are people who are studying how to develop the human brain to the extreme, but they want to eliminate the subjective consciousness of this brain, make the soul disappear, and make the brain just a super tool.
王叶脑子转得飞快。 Wang Ye's mind spun fast.
这智慧之水确实是好东西，也正是他现在最需要的，他想在这座曾经是知识之城的搏命之城活上整整五个月，他不止要提高自己的玩家等级，适当地开发大脑也很有必要。
This water of wisdom is indeed a good thing, and it is what he needs most now, and if he wants to live for a full five months in this city of life, which was once a city of knowledge, he not only needs to improve his player level, but also needs to develop his brain properly.
“木。”王叶转头看雷木。 "Wood." Wang Ye turned his head to look at Lei Mu.
雷木立刻明白他的意思：“我守护你，你想做什么只管做。”
Lei Mu immediately understood what he meant: "I will protect you, you can do whatever you want." ”
智慧之水太重要，王叶抱着罐子就进了虫巢空间。 The water of wisdom is too important, Wang Ye hugged the jar and entered the hive space.
“……他拥有次空间？”机械音忽然道。 “…… Does he have subspace? The mechanical voice said suddenly.
雷木没有回答，却走到那几块方块面前，拿出工具拆解。
Raimu didn't answer, but walked over to the blocks and took out his tools to disassemble them.
“你在做什么？你是要答题吗？”机械音迟疑道。 "What are you doing? Are you going to answer the question? The mechanical voice hesitated.
“不，我只是随便看看。”雷木动作也确实很随意。 "No, I'm just looking around." Lei Mu's movements are indeed very casual.
机械音：“你不会拆了我吧？请不要这样做，如果你不是以维修为目的，我只能……”
Mechanical voice: "You're not going to dismantle me, are you?" Please don't do this, if you're not doing it for repairs, I can only ......"
“攻击我吗？”雷木接口，手下不停：“你要么相信我，要么攻击我，你可以自己选择。”
"Attack me?" Lei Mu interface, his subordinates did not stop: "You either believe in me or attack me, you can choose for yourself." ”
机械音发出杂音，似乎很纠结。 The mechanical sound made a murmur and seemed to be tangled.
“你……真的不会拆解我？我不想死。” "You...... Really won't disassemble me? I don't want to die. ”
雷木这次没有再说话，他已经顺利拆开了一个外壳，看到了里面转动的魔法机械。
Reimu didn't speak again this time, he had successfully disassembled a shell and saw the magic machinery spinning inside.
机械音忽然道：“你们不信任我，我也不信任你们，这会是一条死胡同。所以，我决定信任你。如果我因此而死，再复活的我将再也不会相信任何存在。”
The mechanical voice suddenly said: "You don't trust me, and I don't trust you, this will be a dead end." So, I decided to trust you. If I die because of this, I will never believe in any existence again. ”
雷木感觉到这个机械音的单纯，不像是成熟的灵魂，但又和傀儡的固定程序完全不同。
Raimu felt the simplicity of this mechanical sound, not like a mature soul, but it was completely different from the fixed program of a puppet.
“这里也是一个次空间，是独属于我的次空间，这里很安全。”也许是为了排解有可能被杀死的恐惧，机械音的话开始变多。
"This is also a sub-space, a sub-space that belongs to me, and it is very safe here." Perhaps to relieve the fear of being killed, the mechanical voice began to increase in number.
雷木保持沉默，他又拆开了其他几个方块。 Remu remained silent as he took apart a few more of the other blocks.
金宝好奇地盯着看，他天天跟着雷木学习炼金，对一些基础知识也有那么一点点了解。
Jin Bao stared curiously, he studied alchemy with Lei Mu every day, and he also knew a little bit about some basic knowledge.
只看这几个大方块的内部，真的好复杂啊。 Just looking at the inside of these big squares, it's really complicated.
机械音声音变得沮丧：“我知道你们不相信我，但我真的……没有恶意，我只是不得不遵守规则。”
The mechanical voice became frustrated: "I know you guys don't believe me, but I really ...... No malice, I just had to follow the rules. ”
“当年知识之城发生了什么事？”雷木一边研究怎么修理这些方块，一边貌似聊天一样地说道。
"What happened to the City of Knowledge back then?" Reimu said as if chatting as he studied how to fix the blocks.
机械音没有立刻回答。 The mechanical voice did not answer immediately.
“不能说吗？你在忌惮谁？你不是说这里是你的次空间，很安全？”
"Can't you say? Who are you afraid of? Didn't you say this is your sub-space and it's safe? ”
“规则……不能说。”机械音挣扎着道。 "Rules...... Can't say. The mechanical voice struggled.
“哦，那就捡你能说的说说吧。”雷木尽量轻松地道。 "Oh, then pick up what you can say and talk about it." Reimu said as easily as he could.
金宝儿跳到方块上，发出皮卡叽的叫声，他对这个能说话的方块非常感兴趣，想和他一起玩。
Kimbell jumps on the block and makes a pickup call, he is very interested in the talking cube and wants to play with him.
“金宝，回来，不准调皮。”雷木板脸。
金宝立刻蹦跳回雷木肩膀上，还蹭了蹭他的脸颊。
雷木弹了弹金宝的额头，宠爱溢于言表。
“你知道吗，我的爸爸就是魔族。”机械音忽然道。
雷木一愣，这是他完全没有预料到的一句话。
“我有三个兄弟，我是老二，我不是爸爸制作出来最成功的一个傀儡，但爸爸一直说我是最特殊的一个。后来，爸爸走了，城里的人把我两个弟弟拆开，做出了更多的傀儡，但拼回来的弟弟就不再是原来的弟弟了。”
“为什么不再是原来的弟弟？”
“因为弟弟们也可以变得和我一样特殊，但在它们变化之前，就被杀死并改变了。那时候我……第一次产生了情绪，像是你们人类说的仇恨和愤怒，我故意出了几次微小的错误，不至于让他们想要拆开我，但原本应该待在魔法塔帮助他们的我，被他们放到了废弃液处理池，让我做处理废弃液的工作。”
“你是老二，那你大哥呢？”雷木拿出一个画板开始构图。
“它是最普通的傀儡，它不会变成我这样，但它精确度最高，是爸爸最用心制作的一个傀儡。”
“它现在在哪里？”
“它和弟弟们一起，都在城主那里。”
雷木耐心地等待着，想要打破一个人的心防不容易，想要打破一个有了完整灵魂的傀儡的心防也不容易。
他不知道这个傀儡说的是不是真的，比如他的爸爸是魔族这样的话，也许这就是对方看他也是魔族才会故意说出来想要取信他、软化他。
“当年……我做错了事情。我太寂寞了，时间太久了，一直都是我一个，我养了很多小鱼，可它们不能和我说话。人类不喜欢我这样，我出现一点点异样，他们就把我拆开来，怀疑我出了问题，怀疑制作我的爸爸在我身上留下了后门，方便魔族附身，我只好当一个真正的傀儡。可我想要一个伙伴，想要……亲人。”
“我想要修复和复活弟弟们，也想让大哥变得和我一样，我偷偷去找大哥，在那里遇到了一个人……”
突然！大量杂音冒出。
机械音挣扎着吐出几个字：“奥……卡……兹……高地……”
刺啦！雷木面前的方块突然冒出火花，随着几声刺耳的杂音，机械音彻底消失，那些转动的魔法机械也全部停了下来。
第166章 三十天
王叶从虫巢里出来时就看到雷木正在埋头维修一个傀儡。
但这个傀儡不知道是损坏太久，还是被地上肮脏的污泥浸泡得太久，表壳已经无法修理，而内部也被很多污泥渗透，就像几十年没换过机油的发动机，里面绝大部分零配件都被黑油包裹了。
“木？”王叶不解，不是说好暂时吊着这个管理者吗？
雷木抬头，指了指坏掉的傀儡：“出了点事。”
紧接着，雷木就把他和机械音的交谈内容，和这个傀儡冒火花的过程详细说了。
王叶绕着坏掉的傀儡走了两圈，打开别人看不见的因果卷瞅了瞅。
从因果线来看，这个傀儡对他和雷木似乎真的没有什么恶意，就是单纯的在发布任务。
不过因果卷上，这个傀儡的状态有点古怪。
一般来说，如果是还活着的生灵，其头像或姓名就会很鲜艳，如果死掉就会变得暗淡。而且姓名后面也会注明其状态是生是死。
可这个傀儡现在就处在一个中间状态，它的姓名和头像很暗淡，但姓名后面的生死状态却是一个问号。
最奇妙的是，系统竟然给他发了一个支线任务。
【搏命之城支线任务发布：玩家隔壁小王已经逐步探知到搏命之城的秘密，知道搏命之城就是知识之城，如今最清楚知识之城历史的傀儡二号因为违反规则，主控部件被烧毁。这是一个特殊的生命体，让它这么消失太可惜了，想法救活它，也许你会获得意料之外的帮助。任务奖励经验值三万点。请问隔壁小王是否接受任务？】
奖励的经验值竟然和救治兰道教授一样多？难道这个傀儡二号也是一个重要存在？
但不管傀儡二号有多重要，王叶都决定接下这个任务，三万点经验值还有一个对知识之城最为了解的傀儡，救下来还是很划算的。
问题是，他炼金术一般，也许救治这个傀儡二号就要看雷木了。
“老余，你知道知识之城和魔族有来往的事吗？”
疯药王在虫巢里翻了个白眼，谁是老余，没大没小。但他也了解这是王叶掩饰他存在的一种方法，就大度地原谅了这个小兔崽子，回答：
“知道一点。知识之城会和魔族来往没什么好奇怪的，你只要知道我们双月星的魔法知识来源就是来自魔族，就知道我们这个世界和魔族的魔界有多贴近。当然，双月星的魔法知识经过多年发展已经有了自己独到的创新，也有了独属于双月星的特点。但不可否认的是，双月星的魔法源头就是魔族。”
王叶挑眉：“我还以为大家都很反感和恐惧魔族。”
“呵。”疯药王发出一声像是讽刺的嗤笑：“那是宣传的效果，我双月星原本有自己的神眷者，现在叫异术者，神眷者在过去可是这个世界的最顶层，他们怎么能容许新的能威胁到他们地位的能力者出现？而且魔族也确实不是东西，他们刚来我们这边时，可不是为了传道解惑，而是为了找食物。”
“我不清楚中间经历了什么。也许神眷者和魔族发生了大战，也许还有其他原因，总之，双月星在很漫长的一段时间内，都再也见不到魔族，神眷者也成了稀罕物。”
“等到我那个时代，神眷者就已经变成了异术者，而魔族则几乎看不见，只有魔种作为媒介出现。就是专门召唤魔族的召唤阵，也不是每次都能成功召唤来魔族，有时召唤来的也不知道是什么玩意，怪物更多，不像魔族，更像是变异的魔兽。”
王叶听疯药王越扯越远，只好强行把他拉回来：“知识之城最初建立在什么时候？你那个年代，知识之城还有魔族出没吗？”
疯药王似乎沉浸入某种回忆中，过了一会儿才回答：“知识之城具体什么时候出现的已经很难考究，从记录来看，至少也有两千年的历史。我那个年代，知识之城已经看不到魔族，但知识之城接受魔种。当时很多魔种在外面混不下去，或者想要求一份安稳平静的生活，就会千方百计前来知识之城。”
王叶听到想要的答案，忍不住咋舌，跟雷木道：“这个傀儡竟然最少已经有两千岁，这怎么可能？”
雷木拿起一个零件仔细看，“确实不像两千岁，这些零件虽然老旧，但顶多只有三百年左右的历史。”
疯药王在虫巢中拍掌：“这不就对上了吗？我死在两百六十年前，我在知识之城建造魔法塔的时间约在三百二十年前左右。一个傀儡就算质量再好，它的零配件肯定也会不断更换，如果知识之城是在两百到三百年前那段时间出的事，那么这个傀儡的零件有三百年左右的历史也就很好理解，因为出事后就没人给它更换了。”
王叶在雷木身边蹲下：“修得好吗？”
雷木脸上第一次出现为难的神情：“这个傀儡的内部构造很复杂，以我现在的炼金能力，只能给它做一些小的维修，但想要让它完全恢复，除非我能拿到它的全部设计图。”
“维修这个傀儡不急。木，这个给你。”王叶拿出了一瓶十毫升的液体。
雷木刚要接过，反应过来，又缩回手：“这是智慧之水？你提炼出来了？”
王叶得意点头，忍不住夸耀自己道：“这里面的毒素和暴烈能量很麻烦，但最麻烦的还是一股能摧毁精神力和精神核的奇怪能量。要不是我的异术比较特殊，可以把那股诡异的能量找出来并强行分离，这智慧之水提炼出来也不能喝。”
“现在能喝了？”
“嗯。木，你对灵魂的能量感知比我更敏感，你感受一下。”
雷木这才接过瓶子，用手指略微沾了一点智慧之水细细感知，过了好一会儿才说道：“我没有感觉到任何灵魂能量。”
王叶一拍巴掌：“成了。木，这瓶你喝了吧，你学习炼金术，大脑开发还是很重要的。”
雷木摇头，把瓶子塞回给王叶：“我用不着，这东西太过珍贵，错过了这次，下次还不知道什么时候能找到类似的东西，你喝掉吧，你实力越强，对我们好处更多。”
王叶摆手：“放心，我不会忘掉我自己，我这还有一半，这一半就是给你的。”
雷木刚要开口，王叶就抢着道：“你不要拒绝，虽然这智慧之水我是提炼过，但我觉得它原本含有的暴烈能量如果全部去除实在太可惜，而且我觉得那股能量有辅助智慧之水的作用。所以我保留了那些能量，只尽量让它们变得温和。但如果我把两瓶一起饮下，我只会砰地炸开。”
雷木：“你可以分开服用，隔一段时间……”
王叶再次摇头：“智慧之水只能服用一次，哪怕你第一次只是沾了一小滴，超过六个小时，再次服用智慧之水，不管喝多少都没用了。这是老余告诉我的。可一瓶智慧之水中含有的能量，我想全部消化至少要六个月。”
雷木看向金宝。
王叶撇嘴：“他太小了，给他喝就是浪费，这鬼地方，我们俩得尽快提高实力。而且这个傀儡显然知道很多，我们很有必要把它修好，这个就要靠你了。”
雷木想想也是，非常干脆地仰头就把那瓶智慧之水喝下。
王叶看雷木喝了，才高兴地拿出自己的份，也仰头喝了。
王叶还把两个瓶子用清水涮了涮，把涮过的清水全部倒进金宝的嘴巴里。
金宝愤怒：就给我喝刷锅水！
小云和小光：我们想喝刷锅水还没份呢。
雷木按住额头：“我感到头晕……很晕。”
王叶也感觉到了，拉住雷木：“先回去。”
两人连带金宝从原地消失，一起进入了虫巢。
刚进虫巢，雷木和王叶就倒在地上陷入深眠。
小云和小光跑过来，金宝儿担心地皮卡叽叫。
疯药王拦住几个小的：“不用担心他们，这是提升智力的必要过程。”
雷木昏睡了大半天就苏醒过来，可王叶却足足睡了两天还多。
就连金宝也哈欠连天地小睡了几个小时，醒来后暂时还看不出什么明显变化。
要不是雷木听疯药王说，服用智慧之水后，深眠越久，智力提升越厉害，他就要把王叶强行唤醒了。
疯药王在王叶睡了一天还没醒来后，嘴里就不住嘀嘀咕咕。
雷木听了一耳朵，好像是疯药王在怀疑王叶的精神核变异了。
以前也有服用智慧之水的人，但从没有深眠两天这么多的，能深眠一天一夜左右的就是天才中的天才。
智慧之水是个很奇怪的天材地宝，与其说它能开智和提升智力，不如说它是用来唤醒潜能的。
每个人服用智慧之水后提升的智力都不一样，有人提升的少，有人提升的多。
这就跟个人潜能有关。
而个人智力方面的潜能，主要看两点，一个是你要拥有一个比别人更加优秀的大脑，而精神力是最为关键的一项。
换言之，一个人精神力越强大、大脑越发达，他服用智慧之水后提升的智力程度也就越高。
王叶终于醒来。
“我觉得我可以试着制作五级卷轴了。”王叶只觉得头脑从来没有这么清醒过，过去很多模糊的知识点，这时都列着队被他轻松地放入他的大脑图书馆中。
可惜，他能领悟五级卷轴的制作方法，可因为能量不足以支撑他完成卷轴绘制，只能先学一肚子理论知识。
还是得想法子赶紧提升玩家等级，否则真的太碍事。
“走吧，我们去看看那个坏掉的傀儡，看能不能修。”
王叶和雷木再次出现在傀儡二号的残躯面前。
这里也许真的是傀儡二号的次空间，除了傀儡二号这个任务发布者，他们再没有遇到其他出题者，也没有遇到其他危险。
除了环境糟糕一点，这里简直就是一个最好的拖延存活时间的宝地。
雷木服用智慧之水后，确实对炼金术的理解提升了许多，第一体现就是他把傀儡二号拆解的同时，还把它的结构图也一丝不错地绘制下来了。
雷木在傀儡二号的身体里发现了大量魔法阵。
炼金术其实也是一门综合学科，包含了冶金、锻造、制药、设计、魔纹、魔法符号，以及魔法阵等方方面面的知识。
雷木对蹲在地上研究那些污泥的王叶招手：“你和我一起来吧，你有其他学科作为基础，学炼金术应该很容易，冶金、锻造和设计拼接熔嵌等方面可以交给我，但其他知识，你应该都很擅长，我们一起研究，分工合作，效率更快。”
王叶接过雷木画好的结构图仔细看了一遍，点头：“行，我负责分析魔法阵和魔纹魔法符号这几个部分。”
雷木：“你再弄点清洗药水，帮我把这些零配件上的污泥全都清理干净。这具傀儡里面使用的材料都很好，与其都换掉，还不如留下还能用的部分。我就先把这些能用的零件整理出来，再看还缺哪些，然后我对损坏零件进行修复和重新制作，至于附魔就看你。”
“好。”王叶再度掉头去研究烂泥。 "Okay." Wang Ye turned around again to study the mud.
研究的过程非常枯燥，时间过得飞快。
好在不是一个人，而是两个人，偶尔几个小的还会跑出来捣乱添热闹，两人碰到问题就互相询问，资料不够，王叶就查询他的大脑图书馆。
对于几乎把图书馆副本里的书籍全部复制下来的王叶来说，他真不缺炼金方面的资料。
只不过傀儡二号的制作手法和双月星传统的炼金手法有很大不同，而且等级也远远超出两人现在能掌握的。
两人还请教了疯药王，可惜疯药王就是一个一心炼药的，对炼金就是七窍通了六窍。
但疯药王给他们提供了一个很重要的线索，他告诉两人，知识之城中有一个达到王级的炼金师，他对古炼金法就很了解，而且走的也是古炼金法的路子，如果能找到他的魔法塔，也许能找到修复傀儡二号的方法。
而疯药王恰好知道这位炼金王者的魔法塔在哪里。
但现在他们还不适合出去，王叶希望能在这里至少待上三十天，他想看看待满三十天是否会有一次奖励发布。
他的推测应该是有，否则等级较低的玩家想要在这个搏命之城存活就太难了。
最后，两人也不敢随便改变傀儡二号体内的原构造，就是在原有基础上，尽量修复损毁不严重的零件，把无法修复的零件照样制造一个，然后再按照原来的结构给拼回去。
以他们的能力实在无法炼制的零件，他们就只能炼制功能相同但低配版的零件。
修复傀儡二号最难的就是它的主控部件，类似电脑的主板。
这玩意它烧掉了，连原结构都看不清楚，而且主控部件非常复杂，里面含有大量的魔纹和魔法符号，还能看到重重叠叠的魔法阵。
这就难住了王叶和雷木。
哪怕他们智力和领悟力都提升了一截，也不可能在三四级就造出九级也许是十级的主控部件。
这完完全全超出了他们能力外。而且两人也没有相应的高等级材料。
但两人也没有浪费时间，除了主控部件和几个完全消失根本不知道原本零配件是什么模样的零件，雷木和王叶合作，几乎把缺失和损毁的零配件都炼制了出来，虽然大多数都是低配版。
王叶还从之前的四级净化药剂琢磨出了进一步的五级净化药剂。
Wang Ye also figured out a further fifth-level purification elixir from the previous fourth-level purification elixir.
说到底，王叶几个专业技术中最强的还是炼药。 In the final analysis, the strongest of Wang Ye's several professional skills is still refining medicine.
五级卷轴、五级魔法阵和五级炼金，他心里明白，但想做出实物基本不可能。
Five-level scrolls, fifth-level magic arrays, and fifth-level alchemy, he knew in his heart, but it was basically impossible to make a physical object.
可五级药剂的话，他凭借虫老送给他的那个具有提升精神力作用的水晶球，以及越级炼制法，竟然给他勉强炼制出来了。
But in the case of the fifth-level elixir, he reluctantly refined it for him with the crystal ball that the worm elder gave him that had the effect of improving spiritual power, as well as the leapfrog refining method.
可现在他们又有了一个新的问题，他们没有足够的四级以及五级药材来炼制五级的净化药剂。
But now they have a new problem, they don't have enough fourth-level and fifth-level medicinal materials to refine fifth-level purification potions.
王叶只好把五级的净化药剂再改成低配版，虽然净化效果有点比不上五级的，但也只是速度慢一点，净化后的清水中的杂质也稍微多一点。
Wang Ye had no choice but to change the fifth-level purification potion to a low-level version, although the purification effect was a little less than that of the fifth-level one, but it was only a little slower, and there were slightly more impurities in the purified clear water.
但看着那些被污泥染得看不见本貌的零配件在泡过药液以后，一个个都跟新品一样闪闪发亮，心里还是很爽的。
But looking at the parts that were stained by sludge and couldn't see their true appearance, after soaking in the liquid, all of them were as shiny as new products, and my heart was still very refreshing.
王叶一边暗爽，一边又觉得吃了大亏。 Wang Ye was secretly cool, but at the same time, he felt that he had suffered a big loss.
都付出这么多了，他是绝不可能半途而废的，无论如何他都要把这个傀儡二号修好，让它付出应给的报酬。
After all the efforts he had paid, he would never give up halfway, and he would repair this puppet No. 2 no matter what, so that it would pay for it.
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，成功在搏命之城连续存活三十天，加上额外奖励，玩家共计获得十三万点经验值。请玩家再接再厉，继续保持连续存活天数，争取获得更高的额外奖励。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, Xiao Wang, who successfully survived in the City of Fighting for 30 consecutive days, plus additional rewards, the player has gained a total of 130,000 experience points.] Players are encouraged to keep up the good work and continue to survive for more consecutive days in order to get higher additional rewards. 】
王叶听到这个通告时，整个人都跳了起来。 When Wang Ye heard this announcement, his whole person jumped up.
十三万点经验值，就问这次他能升几级？ 130,000 experience points, just ask how many levels he can upgrade this time?
系统很快给了他答案：【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到468099点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到三十一级。】
The system quickly gave him the answer: [Congratulations to the player next door, after deducting the experience points that have been used, the player's experience points have accumulated to 468099 points, meet the upgrade conditions, and the game level will be upgraded to thirty-one. 】
随着他升到三十一级，因果之力技能树也同时新开锁三个技能，分别是：
As he rises to level 31, the Causal Power skill tree also unlocks three new skills at the same time, namely:
【自掘坟墓】：土系攻击术，专职埋人。 [Self-digging grave]: Earth-based attack technique, full-time burial of people.
【种瓜得瓜，种豆得豆】：木系辅助法术，种田好帮手。
[Plant melons and get melons, plant beans and get beans]: Wood-based auxiliary spells, a good helper for farming.
【源清流净】：划分到治疗类的净化术，可净化多重毒素、净化阴邪功法伤害。做为攻击法术施展，可伤害亡灵和幽灵类。
[Source Clear Stream]: A purification technique classified into the therapeutic category, which can purify multiple toxins and purify the damage of yin and evil exercises. As an attack spell, it can damage the undead and ghosts.
太好了！王叶兴奋挥拳。 That's great! Wang Ye threw his fist excitedly.
玩家等级达到三十级，他终于不再是弱茬。 The player level reaches level thirty, and he is finally no longer a weak stubble.
正好他和雷木修复傀儡二号也到了瓶颈，接下来他们就可以想法离开这个次空间，去别的地方闯一闯了。
It just so happened that he and Thunderwood Repair Puppet No. 2 had also reached a bottleneck, and then they could think of leaving this subspace and going somewhere else.
比如去找找疯药王和那个炼金王的魔法塔。 For example, go and find the Crazy Medicine King and the Alchemy King's magic tower.
“怎么出去？”雷木提到一个很现实的问题。 "How do you get out?" Remu mentioned a very real problem.
其实这二十天，他们也试着找出路出去过。 In fact, in the past 20 days, they have also tried to find a way out.
但这个次空间安全归安全，可同样也相当于一个囚牢把他们关死了，两人加几小找了很久，都没找到出去的路。
But this subspace is safe, but it is also equivalent to a prison that locks them to death, and the two of them have been looking for a long time and have not found a way out.
如果不是虫巢有种植空间还有一个小湖泊，王叶又是个爱囤积的，他们连吃饭喝水都成问题。
If it weren't for the fact that the insect nest had space for planting and a small lake, and Wang Ye was a hoarder, they would have a problem even eating and drinking.
这个次空间也不大，高度大约五米高，面积大约五百平。随便走走，就走到头了。
This sub-space is not large, with a height of about five meters and an area of about five hundred square meters. Just walk around, and you'll be at the end.
“麻烦了，难不成我们修不好这个傀儡，我们还无法离开这个空间了？”王叶皱眉。
"Trouble, could it be that we can't repair this puppet, and we can't leave this space yet?" Wang Ye frowned.
这可是个死循环。 It's an endless loop.
忽然王叶眼睛一亮，对雷木道：“我有一个办法也许可以试一试。”
Suddenly, Wang Ye's eyes lit up, and he said to Lei Mu: "I have a way, maybe I can give it a try." ”
“什么办法？” "What's the solution?"
“木，你还记得我的传送术吗？”在他达到玩家十五级时开启的因果之力新技能【投桃报李】。
"Wood, do you remember my teleportation?" A new skill of Karma that is activated when he reaches the player's level 15 [Casting Peach].
雷木当然还记得王叶的传送术，他一直都觉得王叶的异术很厉害，而且似乎不断有新的异术冒出来，不比魔法弱到哪里。
Of course, Lei Mu still remembered Wang Ye's teleportation technique, he had always felt that Wang Ye's magic was very powerful, and it seemed that new magic was constantly popping up, no weaker than magic.
“你想把自己传送出去？” "You want to teleport yourself out?"
“对。”王叶摸着下巴坏笑：“不知道狄滨和雅阁他们现在是不是很想念我。二十多天没见，我可是很想念他们。”
"Yes." Wang Ye touched his chin and smiled evilly: "I don't know if Di Bin and Accord miss me very much now." I haven't seen them for more than 20 days, and I miss them so much. ”
王叶拉开因果卷，可以很清晰地看到这两位NPC都已经复活，而且都已经离开了知识之塔。
Wang Ye opened the cause and effect scroll, and he could clearly see that these two NPCs had been resurrected, and they had both left the Tower of Knowledge.
一想到马上就可以见到老朋友，王叶还有点小激动呢。 At the thought of meeting an old friend soon, Wang Ye was still a little excited.
就是不知道那两位好朋友会不会像他一样惊喜又激动了~
I just don't know if those two good friends will be as surprised and excited as him~
第167章 交换消息 Chapter 167: Exchanging Messages
狄滨正在和人说话。 Dibin was talking to someone.
一道身影陡然在他面前出现。 A figure suddenly appeared in front of him.
“又见面啦，朋友！惊不惊喜？开不开心？” "See you again, friend! Surprised? Unhappy? ”
狄滨惊得往后跳了一步。 Di Bin jumped back in shock.
和他说话的人也做出防备姿势，看向突然出现的低矮身影。
The person he was talking to also took a defensive posture and looked at the low figure that suddenly appeared.
那竟然是个顶多十岁、穿着魔法学校校服的男孩。 It turned out to be a boy who was ten years old at most, wearing a school uniform of a magic school.
王叶喜气洋洋地冲着狄滨挥手。 Wang Ye waved at Di Bin happily.
狄滨脸上露出迷惑之色：“你是谁？” Di Bin's face showed a puzzled look: "Who are you?" ”
王叶歪头，“你不记得我是谁了？那你现在还叫狄滨吗？”
Wang Ye tilted his head, "You don't remember who I am?" Are you still called Dibin now? ”
“对，我叫狄滨，你是谁？”狄滨警惕地问。 "Yes, my name is Di Bin, who are you?" Di Bin asked warily.
王叶叹息一声：“你既然忘了我，那就让我们相忘于江湖吧，再见。”
Wang Ye sighed: "Since you have forgotten me, then let us forget about the rivers and lakes, goodbye." ”
王叶抬脚就走。 Wang Ye raised his feet and left.
“等等。”之前和狄滨说话的人叫住王叶。 "Wait." The person who was talking to Di Bin before called Wang Ye.
王叶转头。 Wang Ye turned his head.
“你是……这里的人，还是进来历练的学生？”那人迟疑地问。
"Are you...... The people here, or the students who came in to train? The man asked hesitantly.
王叶看对方顶多二十岁出头，但脸上胡子拉碴，衣服只是普通的魔法师衣袍，又脏又破，眼睛下面还有深深的黑色眼袋，一看就是睡眠不足的模样。
Wang Ye saw that the other party was in his early twenties at most, but his face was scruffy, his clothes were just ordinary magician robes, dirty and torn, and there were deep black bags under his eyes, which looked like he was sleep-deprived.
“你是？” "You are?"
“我是历练者，我叫汉斯，双月魔法学校魔法学院五年级生。”对方介绍了自己，虽然面色疲累，神情中却不掩骄傲。
"I'm an Experiencer, my name is Hans, a fifth-year student at the School of Magic at the Double Moon School of Magic." The other party introduced himself, although his face was tired, but his expression did not hide his pride.
王叶明白对方为什么骄傲，双月魔法学校可是双月星排名第一的魔法学校，据说也是双月星第一座魔法学校，而对方敢用双月为名，自然有足够的底气，该学校的两位创始人据传是第一代魔法师公会会长以及第一代药师公会会长。
Wang Ye understands why the other party is proud, the Double Moon Magic School is the No. 1 magic school in the Double Moon Star, and it is said that it is also the first magic school in the Double Moon Star, and the other party dares to use the name of the Double Moon, so he naturally has enough confidence, and the two founders of the school are rumored to be the first generation of the President of the Magician Guild and the first generation of the President of the Medicine Men Guild.
这座学校最强的就是药剂学院和魔法学院。 The strongest of this school are the School of Pharmacy and the School of Magic.
每年各大魔法学校的专业比试，这座学校的药剂学和魔法比斗基本都排在第一位。自这座学校创立至今，据说从第一宝座掉下来的次数不足十次。
Every year, the major magic schools compete in professional competitions, and this school's pharmacy and magic competitions are basically ranked first. Since the school was founded, it is said that it has fallen from the first throne less than 10 times.
想想看，双月魔法学校的建校历史可是长达两千年。 Come to think of it, the history of the Twin Moon School of Magic is 2,000 years old.
这么优秀的学校，她对生源的挑剔也是所有魔法学校中最出名的，入学考试之严格，几乎是万中挑一的比例。
Such an excellent school, her pickiness of students is also the most famous of all magic schools, and the entrance exam is strict, almost one out of ten thousand.
据说这座学校内部竞争也非常厉害，每年有三次考试，想要顺利升学必须三次考试都达到一定排名以上，如果连续三次考试垫底，会被学校直接开除，有两次在规定排名以下，就无法升级。
It is said that the internal competition of this school is also very strong, there are three exams a year, and if you want to go on to higher education, you must reach a certain ranking or above in three exams, and if you are at the bottom of three consecutive exams, you will be expelled from the school directly, and if you are below the prescribed ranking twice, you will not be promoted.
能进入这座学校，还能一路升到五年级的学生，确实很值得骄傲。
Students who can enter this school and make it all the way to fifth grade are indeed very proud.
“王叶，陨星魔法学校杂学院一年级生。”王叶也自我介绍道。
"Wang Ye, a first-year student in the Miscellaneous Academy of Meteorite Magic School." Wang Ye also introduced himself.
汉斯看着王叶那自豪的表情，有点无语。你一个杂学院的一年级生有什么好自豪的？
Hans looked at Wang Ye's proud expression and was a little speechless. What do you have to be proud of as a first-year student in a miscellaneous college?
不过汉斯嘴上还是很客气的：“一年级就能被送到这里历练，你一定很厉害。”
However, Hans was still very polite: "You can be sent here for training in the first grade, you must be very powerful." ”
王叶：“也不算特别厉害，就一般厉害吧。” Wang Ye: "It's not particularly powerful, it's just average." ”
汉斯：“……学弟来这里多久了？” Hans: "...... How long has the junior been here? ”
“没多久，学长你呢？”王叶顺手打开因果卷。 "It won't be long, senior, what about you?" Wang Ye opened the cause and effect scroll with his hand.
“我来这里已经快一百天。” "I've been here for almost a hundred days."
“那学长死了几次？”很好，这次是真人。 "How many times did that senior die?" It's good, this time it's a real person.
汉斯再次噎住，这小孩也太不会说话了。 Hans choked again, and the kid couldn't speak.
“你死了几次？”汉斯反问。 "How many times have you died?" Hans asked rhetorically.
王叶眨眼：“看来我们对彼此都没什么信任心，那就直接交换其他信息吧。学长有这座城的地图吗？”
Wang Ye blinked: "It seems that we don't have much trust in each other, so let's exchange other information directly." Does the senior have a map of the city? ”
“你用什么交换？”汉斯问。 "What do you exchange for?" Hans asked.
“我可以告诉你知识之塔和智慧之湖的消息。” "I can tell you about the Tower of Knowledge and the Lake of Wisdom."
汉斯眸光一闪，“你去过这两个地方了？” Hans's eyes flashed, "You've been to these two places?" ”
王叶眼珠一转，回答：“我去过其中之一，但我对另外一个也很了解。”
Wang Ye rolled his eyes and replied, "I've been to one of them, but I also know the other." ”
汉斯沉吟，过了一会儿，一脸诚恳地说道：“我确实有这座城的地图，也可以拿出来和你交换，但我必须先告诉你，这座城是会变化的，曾经来过这里的人记下的地图不一定有用，反而会被迷惑。”
Hans groaned, and after a while, said with a sincere face: "I do have a map of this city, and I can exchange it with you, but I must first tell you that this city is subject to change, and the maps written down by those who have been here may not be useful, but will be confused." ”
“这样啊，怪不得教授没有给我地图。”王叶嘀咕。 "Well, no wonder the professor didn't give me a map." Wang Ye muttered.
汉斯：“我可以用几个安全点的消息跟你交换。” Hans: "I can exchange messages with you with a few safe points. ”
“安全点？” "Safe point?"
汉斯一看王叶表情，就知道这小孩知道得很少，他一边想着要怎么用这些很多人都知道的消息让利益最大化，一边斟酌着说道：“这座城市虽然会变来变去，但有几个地方一直都不会有变化，而且只要回答一个问题就能进入其中待上六到十二个小时。历练者就把这几个地方称为了安全点。”
As soon as Hans saw Wang Ye's expression, he knew that this kid knew very little, and while he was thinking about how to use this information that many people knew to maximize his benefits, he said thoughtfully: "Although this city will change, there are a few places that will never change, and you can enter it for six to twelve hours by answering a single question. Practitioners refer to these places as safe spots. ”
“听起来很不错，好，我跟你交换。” "Sounds good, okay, I'll swap with you."
汉斯扭头看狄滨。 Hans turned his head to look at Dibin.
狄滨：“我知道安全点在哪里，但我对知识之塔和智慧之湖的相关消息也很感兴趣，不知道我是否也能交换？”
Di Bin: "I know where the safe spot is, but I'm also interested in the news about the Tower of Knowledge and the Lake of Wisdom, and I wonder if I can exchange it too?" ”
王叶冲着狄滨似笑非笑：“你能交换什么？” Wang Ye smiled at Di Bin: "What can you exchange?" ”
狄滨：“我知道哪里有食物和可以饮用的干净水。” Dibin: "I know where to find food and clean water to drink. ”
汉斯点头：“他说的是真的，我去过，那里确实有食物和干净水。”
Hans nodded: "What he said is true, I have been there, and there is indeed food and clean water there. ”
王叶点头：“那行。你们是两个人，你们先说。” Wang Ye nodded: "That's okay." You're two people, you speak first. ”
汉斯道：“地点我都知道，就由我来告诉你吧。我先说食物和水在什么地方，你告诉我知识之塔的消息，然后我再告诉你安全点在哪里，你再告诉我智慧之湖的消息。”
Hans said: "I know the location, so let me tell you." I'll tell me where the food and water are, and you tell me the news of the Tower of Knowledge, and then I'll tell you where the safe point is, and then you tell me the news of the Lake of Wisdom. ”
“可以。” "Yes."
汉斯指向东面：“从我们现在站立的地方一直往东走，不要去看地标物，你只要记住直线距离约为七百米左右，到了地点不管你看见什么，只要你默念魔法口诀，你就会看到一个带有一口古井的凉亭。凉亭周围栽种的果树果实可以食用，古井里的水可以饮用。但那里有看守的怪物，而且源源不断，你找机会取得一定食物和水就赶紧离开。”
Hans pointed to the east: "Go east from where we are standing now, don't look at landmarks, just remember that the distance in a straight line is about seven hundred meters, and when you get to the place, no matter what you see, as long as you recite the magic mantra, you will see a pavilion with an ancient well." The fruit of the fruit trees planted around the pavilion is edible, and the water from the ancient well is drinkable. But there are guarded monsters there, and there is a constant supply of them, so you can get some food and water and leave quickly. ”
汉斯又把魔法口诀告诉王叶。 Hans told Wang Ye the magic mantra again.
王叶记下，说出知识之塔的相关消息：“知识之塔是一座石塔，详细地点在哪里因为这座城会变来变去的缘故，我也无法告诉你地点，但我记得当初是晚上，看到一大片坟墓后才看到那座塔，塔上有灯，非常显眼。里面有一个拿腔拿调的管理者，见不到对方，只能听到声音……”
Wang Ye wrote it down and said the relevant news of the Tower of Knowledge: "The Tower of Knowledge is a stone tower, where is the detailed location Because this city will change around, I can't tell you the location, but I remember that it was at night, and I saw the tower after seeing a large tomb, and there were lights on the tower, which was very conspicuous." There was a manager in the middle of the voice, and he couldn't see each other, he could only hear the voice......"
王叶没做任何隐瞒，把他知道的关于知识之塔的消息都说了，包括连续过关有可能得到奖励的事，但他没说知识之塔原本叫做考验之塔。
Wang Ye didn't hide anything, and told everything he knew about the Tower of Knowledge, including the possibility of getting rewards for passing the level continuously, but he didn't say that the Tower of Knowledge was originally called the Tower of Testing.
“原来是要到晚上才能出现。”汉斯对王叶说出的信息表示满意，知识之塔是他必须要去的地方之一，那里可不止考验专业知识，同样也考验对魔法知识的掌握，他们学校有些学长达到瓶颈后就是在知识之塔得到了突破。
"It wasn't going to show up until the evening." Hans was satisfied with the information Wang Ye had said, the Tower of Knowledge was one of the places he had to visit, not only to test his professional knowledge, but also to test his mastery of magical knowledge, and some of the seniors in their school had broken through in the Tower of Knowledge after reaching a bottleneck.
王叶听到汉斯的这句话也心中一动。搏命之城的白天和晚上不一样吗？
Wang Ye also moved in his heart when he heard Hans's words. Is day and night different in Fight for Life?
王叶抬头看向四周，现在是白天，周围能看到很多建筑物，就像一座正常的城市。
Wang Ye looked up, it was daytime, and he could see a lot of buildings around, just like a normal city.
王叶目光扫过狄滨，对他笑了笑。 Wang Ye's gaze swept over Di Bin and smiled at him.
狄滨一头雾水，眼中不掩对王叶的警惕。 Di Bin was confused, and his eyes did not hide his vigilance against Wang Ye.
汉斯又拿出一张地图，这是一份手绘的简易地图。 Hans pulled out another map, a simple hand-drawn map.
王叶凑过去看。 Wang Ye leaned over to look.
汉斯指着地图说道：“这几个地方就是安全点。你只要找到其中一个安全点，再按照地图上标明的方向和直线距离去寻找，就能找到其他安全点。找第一个安全点的诀窍就是先确定方向，你抬头看天空，看到一缕蓝色的烟雾没有？”
Hans pointed to the map and said, "These are the safe spots. All you have to do is find one of the safe spots, follow the directions and straight-line distances indicated on the map, and you will find the others. The trick to finding the first safe spot is to orient yourself first, do you look up at the sky and see a wisp of blue smoke? ”
王叶仰头眯眼看，这里的天空被层层白云覆盖，看不到日月星辰，但又有明显的透光。
Wang Ye looked up and squinted, the sky here was covered by layers of white clouds, and the sun, moon and stars could not be seen, but there was obvious light transmission.
在这些白云中，确实有一缕蓝色的烟雾从远方升起，但蓝色很淡，如果不仔细看一定会忽略过去。
In these white clouds, there is indeed a wisp of blue smoke rising from afar, but the blue is so faint that if you don't look closely, you will definitely ignore the past.
汉斯指着天空的那缕蓝色烟雾：“不要问我那是什么，也不要问我蓝色烟雾是从哪里冒出来的，我不知道，有人去找过蓝色烟雾的起始点，但从没有人找到过。但蓝色烟雾在天空的方向一直没有改变，来这里的历练者都是用那缕蓝色烟雾来做方向准星，把那里当做正西方看。”
Hans pointed to the blue smoke in the sky: "Don't ask me what it is, and don't ask me where the blue smoke comes from, I don't know, anyone has looked for the starting point of the blue smoke, but no one has ever found it." But the direction of the blue smoke in the sky has not changed, and the practitioners who come here use the wisp of blue smoke as the direction crosshair, and look at it as due west. ”
汉斯说完，很大方地用魔法复制了一份简易地图给王叶。
After Hans finished speaking, he generously used magic to copy a simple map for Wang Ye.
王叶道谢，随即就把他知道的关于智慧之湖的消息说了个大概。
Wang Ye thanked him, and then gave him a general idea of what he knew about the Lake of Wisdom.
汉斯听他描述湖水的粘稠度和水生魔兽的可怕，又描述周围环境是怎样的，说了半天没能说到他最想知道的重点，就有点急。
Hans listened to him describe the viscosity of the lake and the horror of the aquatic monsters, and what the surrounding environment was like, and he couldn't get to the point he wanted to know most after talking for a long time, so he was a little anxious.
眼看王叶已经说完，汉斯忍不住问道：“你知道智慧之水吗？”
Seeing that Wang Ye had finished speaking, Hans couldn't help but ask, "Do you know the water of wisdom?" ”
王叶：“知道，不过想要得到智慧之水太难了，得潜入湖中先找到一个盒子……”
Wang Ye: "I know, but it's too difficult to get the water of wisdom, you have to dive into the lake and find a box first......"
“什么盒子？”汉斯激动起来。 "What box?" Hans became excited.
王叶：“就是一个水晶盒，但我没能找到。那湖水里的水生魔兽太可怕，如果没有邀请函，以我的实力很难在那里生存超过半个小时。听说邀请函还能具体指出水晶盒的位置。”
Wang Ye: "It's a crystal box, but I couldn't find it." The aquatic monsters in that lake are so terrifying that it would be difficult for me to survive there for more than half an hour with my strength without an invitation. I heard that the invitation letter can also specify the location of the crystal box. ”
“邀请函？要怎么得到邀请函？”汉斯追问。 "Invitations? How do I get an invitation? Hans asked.
“答题奖励。教授说的。” "Reward for answering questions. What the professor said. ”
汉斯又详细追问智慧之湖附近的特征，重点询问是白天还是晚上看到的。
Hans then inquired in detail about the features in the vicinity of the Lake of Wisdom, focusing on whether it was seen during the day or at night.
王叶回答是白天。 Wang Ye replied that it was daytime.
“你还能记得具体方向吗？” "Can you remember the exact direction?"
王叶摇头。 Wang Ye shook his head.
汉斯表示惋惜，但获得这么多信息，他也很满足了。至少他知道要想顺利找到智慧之水，首先要满足两个条件，就是邀请函和找到水晶盒。
Hans lamented it, but he was content to receive so much information. At least he knew that in order to successfully find the water of wisdom, two conditions must first be met, which were an invitation and finding the crystal box.
如果没有邀请函，那就要凭实力在湖水中慢慢摸索。 If you don't have an invitation, you have to slowly grope in the lake with your strength.
“你接下来要去哪里？”汉斯多问了一句。 "Where are you going next?" Hansdo asked.
王叶拿着复制的简易地图说：“去找安全点和食物。” Wang Ye took the copy of the simple map and said, "Go find a safe spot and food." ”
“那你小心吧。有缘再见。”汉斯告辞。
王叶看狄滨跟上汉斯，瞅瞅手中简易地图，到底还是叫了一声：“学长，小心你身边那个狄滨，他在前面可是坑了我一次。”
Wang Ye watched Di Bin follow Hans, looked at the simple map in his hand, and finally shouted: "Senior, be careful of that Di Bin next to you, he cheated me once in front." ”
狄滨脚下一个踉跄，扭头就怒道：“你不要胡说八道，我根本就不认识你！”
Di Bin stumbled under his feet, turned his head and said angrily: "Don't talk nonsense, I don't know you at all!" ”
王叶耸肩：“可我认识你，你不觉得很奇怪吗？对了，你认识雅阁吗？”
“什么雅阁，不认识。”狄滨的表情像是真的什么都不记得了。
"What Accord, I don't know." Di Bin's expression was as if he really didn't remember anything.
汉斯在王叶突然出现并叫出狄滨的名字，狄滨却表示不记得王叶时，心中就生起提防，但他有要狄滨帮忙的地方，狄滨知道一个对他很重要的信息，他现在还不能和对方拆伙。
Hans suddenly appeared in Wang Ye and called out Di Bin's name, but Di Bin said that he didn't remember Wang Ye, and he was wary of it, but he had something to ask Di Bin to help, and Di Bin knew a very important piece of information for him, and he couldn't break up with the other party now.
汉斯遥遥对王叶点头，表示他会小心。 Hans nodded to Wang Ye from afar, indicating that he would be careful.
狄滨很生气，还想质问王叶更多。 Di Bin was very angry and wanted to question Wang Ye more.
但王叶操起魔板就跑了。冲着汉斯提供的那两个消息，他该提醒的已经提醒，如果汉斯这样还栽到狄滨的坑里，那就是他自己的问题了。
But Wang Ye picked up the magic board and ran away. In response to the two pieces of information provided by Hans, he should have reminded him that if Hans was still planted in Dibin's pit like this, it would be his own problem.
王叶去的方向正是寻找食物和水源的方向，虽然他有虫巢空间，但有补充食物的机会，还是不能放过，谁也不知道后面会怎样。
The direction in which Wang Ye went was the direction of looking for food and water sources, although he had a hive space, but there was an opportunity to replenish food, and he still couldn't let it go, and no one knew what would happen later.
虫巢中，疯药王一边观察这座城，一边说道：“这就是知识之城，虽然有些变化，但大致的地标还在。奇怪，方位不对。那两座魔法塔不可能靠在一起，还有那座石堡也不是那个位置。”
In the hive, the Mad Medicine King observed the city and said, "This is the City of Knowledge, although there are some changes, the general landmark is still there. Strange, the orientation is wrong. It was impossible for the two magic towers to be close together, and the stone fort was not in that position. ”
雷木道：“刚才那个汉斯不是说这座城会不断变化吗？”
Lei Mu said: "Didn't that Hans just say that this city will be constantly changing? ”
“麻烦了，它这一变化，我也不知道我的魔法塔跑去哪里了。”疯药王嘀咕。
"Trouble, it's changed, and I don't know where my magic tower went." The Mad Medicine King muttered.
“那就找找吧，你看哪座魔法塔最像是你的塔。”王叶道。
"Then look for whichever magic tower looks most like yours." Wang Ye said.
“小心！”雷木和疯药王包括几个小的同时大叫。 "Be careful!" Raimu and the Mad Medicine King include several small ones yelling at the same time.
雷木瞬间就从虫巢中出去，一道火线拦住了扑向王叶的飞行怪兽。
Lei Mu went out of the hive in an instant, and a line of fire stopped the flying monster that pounced on Wang Ye.
呼啦啦，几十只形态怪异、除了有翅膀就看不出和鸟类有关的飞行怪兽冲向王叶，它们的嘴非常可怕，竟然是尖锐的锯齿形状。
Hulala, dozens of flying monsters with strange shapes, which could not be seen to be related to birds except for their wings, rushed towards Wang Ye, their mouths were very terrifying, and they turned out to be sharp zigzag shapes.
王叶眼眸收缩，这些飞行怪兽的实力至少都有四五级，也就是达到了玩家的四五十级的水准。
Wang Ye's eyes contracted, the strength of these flying monsters was at least four or five levels, that is, they had reached the level of forty or fifty levels of players.
他现在才多少级？ How many levels is he now?
王叶退后，非常明智地把主攻手的位置交给雷木。 Wang Ye stepped back and very wisely handed over the position of the main attacker to Lei Mu.
他退后干什么？ What did he step back for?
当然是打辅助。 Of course, it's a play support.
王叶拿出他的二胡，琴弓一拉，无数因果线伴随琴音就冲向那些飞行怪兽。
Wang Ye took out his erhu, and as soon as he pulled the bow, countless causal lines rushed towards those flying monsters along with the sound of the qin.
但他的群攻技能面对这些比他等级高出许多的怪兽根本没有多大用处，因果线缠过去，也会被它们很快挣脱。
But his group attack skills are not very useful against these monsters that are much higher than his level, and if the cause and effect thread is entangled, they will quickly break free.
王叶索性不再群攻，而是盯住其中一只，把所有因果线都缠过去。
Wang Ye simply stopped attacking in groups, but stared at one of them and entwined all the causal threads.
王叶同时降低高度，落到地面，【纠缠不清】、【自投罗网】用力拉拽那只飞行怪兽。
Wang Ye lowered his height at the same time, fell to the ground, and [entangled] and [self-throwing net] pulled the flying monster hard.
那怪兽到底还是受到影响，被从空中拉下来。 The monster was still affected, pulled down from the air.
就在怪兽碰到地面，即将挣脱因果线时。 Just when the monster touched the ground and was about to break free of the causal line.
地面突然出现一个大坑，怪兽脚下踩空，翅膀又被缠住，猛地落入坑中。
A large crater suddenly appeared in the ground, and the monster stepped on the air, and its wings were entangled again, and it fell into the pit violently.
但怪兽爪子抓住坑陷边沿，还想爬出来。 But the monster's claws grabbed the edge of the pit and tried to crawl out.
王叶施展轻功突然冲到怪兽面前，一脚把想要爬出来的怪兽踢落。
Wang Ye suddenly rushed in front of the monster with a light skill, and kicked the monster that wanted to climb out with one kick.
大量土壤翻滚，把想要爬出来的怪兽埋了个严严实实。 A large amount of soil rolled and buried the monsters that wanted to crawl out.
王叶连续使用三次自掘坟墓，把怪兽埋得深之又深，短时间内是别想爬出来了。
Wang Ye used it three times in a row to dig his own grave, burying the monster deep and deep, and he didn't want to crawl out in a short time.
雷木那里很危险，他在改成魔族血脉后，实力达到了六级，但他只有一个，那些飞行怪兽却有几十只，而且这些怪兽里面不止四五级的，它们的头领也是六级。
Lei Mu is very dangerous there, after he changed to the demon bloodline, his strength has reached level six, but he only has one, and there are dozens of those flying monsters, and there are not only four or five levels in these monsters, but their leaders are also level six.
“木，下来！”王叶使用纠缠不清缠住攻击雷木的飞行怪兽的翅膀。
"Wood, come down!" Wang Ye uses the wings of the flying monster that is entangled in the attack on Thunderwood.
虽然只能缠住一两秒，但足够雷木趁机脱离怪兽的包围圈，从天空落到地面。
Although it could only be entangled for a second or two, it was enough for Thunderwood to take the opportunity to break away from the monster's encirclement and fall from the sky to the ground.
两人拔腿就向狭窄的巷道跑。 The two of them pulled their legs and ran towards the narrow alleyway.
那些展翅后足有五米的飞行怪兽受到巷道围墙的阻碍，很难集体攻击两人。
Those flying monsters with wings spread five meters behind were hindered by the wall of the laneway, and it was difficult for them to attack the two of them in groups.
但飞行怪兽的智商也不低，它们可以斜着飞，依次飞入巷道攻击两人，
But the IQ of the flying monsters is not low, they can fly diagonally, and fly into the alley in turn to attack the two of them,
雷木叫住王叶，两人找了个有利地形，是个比较深的门洞，后面是门板，头上有檐，飞行怪兽们只能飞下来从正面攻击他们，而且只能单只攻击。
Lei Mu called Wang Ye, and the two of them found a favorable terrain, which was a relatively deep doorway, with a door panel behind it, and an eaves on their heads, so that the flying monsters could only fly down and attack them from the front, and they could only attack alone.
雷木在前，王叶在后，两人打配合，专心对付一只飞行怪兽，很快就把劣势扭转。
Lei Mu was in front and Wang Ye was behind, and the two of them cooperated, concentrating on dealing with a flying monster, and quickly reversed the disadvantage.
门洞前落下了五六只飞行怪兽的尸体。 The corpses of five or six flying monsters fell in front of the doorway.
当那只六级的头领也被雷木杀死后，剩下的飞行怪兽终于放弃攻击两人，冲向天空就飞不见了。
When the sixth-level leader was also killed by Lei Mu, the remaining flying monsters finally gave up attacking the two of them, rushed into the sky and flew away.
王叶挥手，小光和它的族群飞出来，扑向那些飞行怪兽尸体开餐。
Wang Ye waved his hand, and Xiao Guang and his clan flew out and pounced on the corpses of those flying monsters to eat.
刚才没叫小光它们，只因为叫了也白叫。小光的实力等级和他这个主人挂钩，三级的虫群面对四五级的飞行怪兽，不是等着被灭？
I didn't call Xiaoguang just now, just because I called in vain. Xiaoguang's strength level is linked to his master, and the third-level insect swarm is facing the fourth- and fifth-level flying monsters, isn't it waiting to be destroyed?
而且鸟吃虫子，如果那些飞行怪兽把浮游光虫群当做食物吃掉，他的损失就大了。
Moreover, birds eat bugs, and if those flying monsters eat the swarm of planktonic light insects as food, his loss will be great.
小光还很不服气，吃饱了后冲着王叶咿咿叫，表示它们天不怕地不怕，什么都能吃，飞行怪兽算什么，就是龙族，它们也照吃不误。
Xiaoguang was still very unconvinced, and after eating enough, he babbled at Wang Ye, saying that they were not afraid of heaven and earth, they could eat anything, what are flying monsters, they are dragons, and they will eat correctly.
王叶挥手：“叫你们少看点脑残动画片，还吃掉龙族？你们以为你们是虫傲天吗？”
Wang Ye waved his hand: "Tell you to watch less brain-dead cartoons and eat the dragon clan?" Do you think you are a worm? ”
小光鄙夷：“我们原本很厉害，都是被你拖累的。” Xiaoguang was disdainful: "We were originally very powerful, but we were all dragged down by you." ”
“滚蛋吧，没有我带你们出来，你们就是寄生虫族的最底层，一群农民虫。”
"Fuck off, if I didn't bring you out, you would be the lowest level of the parasitic Zerg, a bunch of peasant worms."
“咿！虫老说了我们最厉害！” "Bah! The worm said that we are the best! ”
“是是是，那也要不断训练和适应才行。乖了，下次再有战斗，一定叫你们。”
"Yes, yes, it takes constant training and adaptation. Good boy, next time there is a fight, I will definitely call you. ”
雷木笑，揉揉王叶的脑袋：“小光它们这么有战斗意识也是好事，总比怂得不敢上要好。”
Lei Mu smiled and rubbed Wang Ye's head: "It's a good thing that Xiaoguang is so combat-conscious, it's better than being afraid to go up." ”
“我这不是怕它们死太多吗，虫蜜也很宝贵的好吧。”王叶嘀咕。
"Aren't I afraid that they will die too much, and insect honey is also very precious." Wang Ye muttered.
小光哼唧：“怕什么？只要能量足够，多少我都能生出来！”
Xiaoguang snorted: "What are you afraid of?" As long as I have enough energy, I can give birth to as much as I want! ”
王叶：“……” Wang Ye: "......"
差点忘了小光是母虫了，怪不得他觉得浮游光虫群在不断增加，小光还让雷木出手把那个纯金的虫巢又给扩大了一倍。
He almost forgot that Xiaoguang was a female worm, no wonder he felt that the swarm of floating light insects was increasing, and Xiaoguang also asked Lei Mu to double the size of the pure gold worm nest.
不过小光也不是随便生，它似乎在有意识地提高虫群的战斗能力，就算平时没有对外的战斗，它也会让族群内部进行轮战，从中选拔出最优秀的浮游光虫。
However, Xiaoguang is not born casually, it seems to be consciously improving the combat ability of the swarm, even if there is no external battle in peacetime, it will let the group conduct a round battle within the group, and select the best planktonic light worms from them.
“好歹是你的子民，珍惜点。”王叶不想小光变成战斗狂虫。他可不想养出一只新虫母出来。
"It's your people, cherish it." Wang Ye didn't want Xiaoguang to become a battle mad worm. He didn't want to raise a new mother.
小光落到王叶肩膀上，哼唧两声，却没有反驳。它才不会告诉王叶，它愿意跟随王叶，就是因为王叶从没有把它们当做炮灰使用。
Xiaoguang fell on Wang Ye's shoulder and snorted twice, but did not refute. It won't tell Wang Ye that it is willing to follow Wang Ye because Wang Ye has never used them as cannon fodder.
只要是王叶和雷木自己能解决的战斗，王叶就极少叫它们，如果是像今天碰到和它们等级相差太大的，那王叶宁可自己冒险也不会让它们出来送死。
As long as it is a battle that Wang Ye and Lei Mu can solve by themselves, Wang Ye rarely calls them, if it is like today, if there is too much difference in level with them today, then Wang Ye would rather take the risk himself than let them come out and die.
所以…… So......
小光和它的子民才更想保护这个主人，也更想变强，变得更有用。
Xiaoguang and his people want to protect this master more, and they also want to become stronger and more useful.
第168章 王叶的假设 Chapter 168: Wang Ye's Hypothesis
王叶和雷木又试了两次，发现每次飞到空中不到半分钟，那些飞行怪兽就会出现，而且等级一次比一次高。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu tried two more times, and found that each time they flew into the air for less than half a minute, those flying monsters would appear, and the level was higher and higher each time.
等到八级的怪兽出现，两人乖乖地落到了地上，不敢再从空中走。
When the eighth-level monster appeared, the two obediently fell to the ground, not daring to walk from the air again.
看来这座城市就是不让历练者走捷径，你想走可以，你得有那个实力。
It seems that this city just doesn't let the experienced take shortcuts, you can take it if you want, you have to have that strength.
但从城市里面穿行，就会有无数考验等着你。 But as you make your way through the city, there are countless trials waiting for you.
王叶再次被拦住去路，那是一个衣衫褴褛的老妇人。 Wang Ye was stopped in his way again, and it was an old woman in rags.
老妇人拖着一条腿，瞎了一只眼睛，跟王叶哭诉，说有强盗闯入她家中，不但抢夺她的家财，还伤害了她，希望王叶能帮她解决那个可怕的强盗。
The old woman dragged one leg and was blind in one eye, and cried to Wang Ye, saying that a robber broke into her house, not only robbed her of her property, but also hurt her, hoping that Wang Ye could help her deal with the terrible robber.
王叶拒绝。 Wang Ye refused.
老妇人就变脸变成了充满怨气的亡灵，攻击王叶。 The old woman changed her face and turned into a resentful undead and attacked Wang Ye.
王叶使用刚解锁的新招【源清流净】，和雷木忙活半天，才把这个怨灵打散。
Wang Ye used the new move [Yuan Qingliu Jing] that he had just unlocked, and worked with Lei Mu for a long time before he broke up this resentful spirit.
只是打散，还不是消灭。 It's just scattering, not exterminating.
两人在前面跑，那老妇人怨灵就在后面追，非要两人去帮她对付强盗，不帮忙就不让他们离开这条街道。
The two of them ran ahead, and the old woman's spirit chased after them, and they had to help her deal with the robbers, and they would not leave the street without help.
等到后面，街道两边的房屋大门纷纷打开，一个又一个怨灵飘出来，拦住两人不让他们离开。
Later, the doors of the houses on both sides of the street opened, and one after another resentful spirits floated out, stopping the two and preventing them from leaving.
“最后问你一次，帮不帮忙？”街道中漂浮的怨灵们似乎同时发出声音，那齐声呐喊真的是直袭人的灵魂。
"One last time I asked you, would I like to help?" The spirits floating in the streets seemed to make noises at the same time, and the shouts in unison really hit the souls of people.
王叶还能怎么办？这么多怨灵盯着他们，他们能往哪儿跑？
What else can Wang Ye do? With so many wraiths staring at them, where can they go?
两人只能老老实实地答应帮老妇人解决闯进她家里的强盗。
The two could only honestly agree to help the old woman deal with the robbers who broke into her house.
王叶忍不住和雷木吐槽：“就这帮子怨灵现在表现出的实力，什么强盗对付不了，还非要找人去帮忙？”
Wang Ye couldn't help but complain to Lei Mu: "With the strength that these gang of resentful spirits are showing now, what bandit can't deal with, and they still have to find someone to help?" ”
雷木推着王叶往前走，“先去看看再说。” Lei Mu pushed Wang Ye forward, "Let's go and see first." ”
等到了老妇人家里，老妇人亡灵一下就变成了正常的老妇人，她推开卧室门，指着里面的一个东西说：“这就是闯进我家的强盗。”
When she arrived at the old woman's house, the old woman's ghost suddenly became a normal old woman, and she pushed open the bedroom door, pointed to something inside, and said, "This is the robber who broke into my house." ”
王叶和雷木齐齐看过去，就看到一个方方正正的石头人。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu looked over together, and they saw a square stone man.
石头人似乎很饿，他正在啃食老妇人家里的一切。 The stone man seemed to be hungry, and he was eating everything in the old woman's house.
老妇人推开卧室门时，石头人嘴巴里正咀嚼一节人腿。 When the old woman pushed open the bedroom door, the stone man was chewing on a human leg in his mouth.
老妇人发出凄厉的哭喊声：“我可怜的老伴啊！” The old woman cried out in a terrible voice: "O my poor old wife! ”
石头人已经把老妇人家里吃空，可它还是很饿，当它转头看到王叶和雷木时，那双像是被雕刻出来的眼睛竟然灵活地转动了一下。
The stone man had already emptied the old woman's house, but it was still very hungry, and when it turned its head to see Wang Ye and Lei Mu, the eyes that seemed to have been carved turned flexibly.
石头人当即就朝王叶和雷木冲过来。 The stone man immediately rushed towards Wang Ye and Lei Mu.
王叶迅速用纠缠不休拉住它的腿脚。 Wang Ye quickly grabbed its legs and feet with endless entanglement.
雷木攻击石头人，想要阻止它停下，还试图跟它交流。 Raywood attacks the Stone Man, trying to stop it from stopping, and trying to communicate with it.
但石头人似乎智商极低，也没有交流的兴趣，它就想吃。
But the stone man seems to have a very low IQ and has no interest in communicating, so it just wants to eat.
老妇人哭诉：“这些可怕的怪物，它们一出现就拼命吃拼命吃，见到什么都吃，我们整整一条街都给它吃光了！偏偏我们怎么攻击它们都没用。”
The old woman cried, "These terrible monsters, as soon as they appeared, they ate so hard that they ate everything they saw, and we ate up a whole street!" It's useless to attack them. ”
王叶终于明白为什么这里有一整条街道的怨灵，而这么多怨灵却拿凶手无可奈何。
Wang Ye finally understood why there was a whole street of resentful spirits here, and so many resentful spirits were helpless to take the murderer.
因为石头人似乎没有灵魂，只有本能，比傀儡还不如。 Because the stone man seems to have no soul, only instinct, which is worse than a puppet.
偏偏它们身体结实无比，普通攻击对它们根本没有效果，更不要说灵魂类的亡灵攻击。
However, their bodies are extremely strong, and ordinary attacks have no effect on them at all, let alone soul type undead attacks.
王叶见石头人无法沟通，只能和雷木配合尽量消灭它。 Wang Ye saw that the stone man could not communicate, so he could only cooperate with Lei Mu to destroy it as much as possible.
可雷木的攻击，哪怕最厉害的雷电术法，落到石头人身上也顶多留下一条灼烧的印记，石头人完全不痛不痒。
But Lei Mu's attack, even the most powerful thunder and lightning spell, fell on the stone man, at most left a burning mark, and the stone man was not painful at all.
王叶还尝试先火烧后冰裹再火烧，用热胀冷缩的原理来对付这石头人。
Wang Ye also tried to burn first and then wrap in ice and then burn, using the principle of thermal expansion and cold contraction to deal with this stone man.
但效果同样不佳。 But it didn't work out as well.
这石头人不知是什么材质，真的是又硬又韧，皮厚无比。
I don't know what material this stone is, it's really hard and tough, and the skin is extremely thick.
王叶让雷木先缠住石头人，他就围着石头人来回转圈，仔细观察它的构成和破绽。
Wang Ye asked Lei Mu to entangle the stone man first, and he circled around the stone man, carefully observing its composition and flaws.
这个石头人并不是几块石头拼接在一起那么简单，它的身体关节连接处根本看不到连接的痕迹，就好像一块完整的石头雕刻成了方正的人形，但这个石头人却能踢腿、伸胳膊还能转腰，这证明它身上有关节存在。
This stone man is not as simple as several stones spliced together, there is no trace of connection at the joint junction of its body, as if a complete stone carved into a square human form, but this stone man can kick legs, stretch arms and turn waist, which proves that it has joints on its body.
只是关节材料极为特殊，外表看着像是石头，坚硬度也不下于石材，可同样保持了柔韧性。
It's just that the joint material is very special, it looks like stone on the outside, and the hardness is no less than that of stone, but it also maintains flexibility.
忽然，王叶目光落到石头人后背往下一点位置，那里有几个小坑洞，黑漆漆的，像是被什么腐蚀了一样。
Suddenly, Wang Ye's gaze fell a little lower on the back of the stone man, where there were several small potholes, pitch black, as if they had been corroded by something.
王叶立刻询问就躲在附近的老妇人：“你们攻击过这个石头人？它后背那几个坑洞是怎么造成的？”
Wang Ye immediately asked the old woman who was hiding nearby: "Have you attacked this stone man?" What caused the potholes in its back? ”
老妇人像是早就等着这个问题一样，几乎没怎么停顿就回答道：“哦，那几个坑洞啊，是隔壁的牛叔用了腐蚀药剂，但药剂量太小，等级也太低，对这强盗也没有造成大的伤害。”
The old woman replied as if she had been waiting for this question for a long time, and without pausing, "Oh, those pits, it was Uncle Niu next door who used corrosive potions, but the dosage was too small and the level was too low, and it did not cause much damage to this robber." ”
“腐蚀药剂的配方你有吗？”王叶迅速问。 "Do you have the recipe for the corrosive agent?" Wang Ye quickly asked.
老妇人轻飘飘地道：“在隔壁牛叔手上，你得去找他。”
The old woman said lightly: "In the hands of Uncle Niu next door, you have to go to him." ”
好嘛，又多了一个新的题目。 Well, there's a new topic.
但王叶从老妇人的回答中基本肯定想要解决这个石头人，九成还是得靠那个腐蚀药剂的配方。
But from the old woman's answer, Wang Ye was basically sure that he wanted to solve this stone man, and ninety percent still had to rely on the formula of the corrosive agent.
无奈下，王叶只能跟雷木打招呼，他先去隔壁找那个牛叔。
In desperation, Wang Ye could only say hello to Lei Mu, and he went next door to find that Uncle Niu first.
雷木使用短距离瞬移暂时摆脱了石头人。 Thunderwood uses a short teleport to temporarily get rid of the Stone Man.
那石头人见没有了攻击目标，就停下来继续啃食老妇人家的房子。
When the stone man saw that there was no target to attack, he stopped and continued to eat the old woman's house.
老妇人哭嚎。 The old woman cried.
但王叶已经跑向隔壁牛叔家，雷木断后。 But Wang Ye had already run to Uncle Niu's house next door, and Lei Mu was broken.
隔壁牛叔听说王叶的来意，就让王叶去找他的小孙子，说那天强盗来了，他只能让小孙子跑出去，可他不知道小孙子跑去哪里了。
Uncle Niu next door heard about Wang Ye's intention, so he asked Wang Ye to find his little grandson, saying that the robbers came that day, and he could only let the little grandson run out, but he didn't know where the little grandson had gone.
但牛叔给了王叶一个线索，说他小孙子最可能去的地方是他们这条街尽头的学堂。
But Uncle Niu gave Wang Ye a clue, saying that the most likely place for his little grandson to go was their school at the end of the street.
王叶又去学堂，在那里遇到一名初级魔法师，那名魔法师说想要知道牛叔孙子的下落，必须回答他三个问题。
Wang Ye went to the academy again, where he met a junior magician, who said that if he wanted to know the whereabouts of Uncle Niu's grandson, he had to answer three questions from him.
就这么折腾来折腾去，王叶和雷木忙活到晚上，都还没有把这条街的题目做完。
Just tossing and turning, Wang Ye and Lei Mu were busy until the evening, and they hadn't finished the topic of this street.
原本想要去找食物的两人就这么被困在这条街道上了。 The two who had been looking for food were trapped on this street.
天空猛地一暗，夜晚就那么突然而至。 The sky darkened, and the night came so suddenly.
周围的房子全部消失，变成了一片又一片的墓地。 The surrounding houses all disappeared and became one cemetery after another.
但拦路的怨灵们没有消失，它们反而变得更加活跃，全都盯着王叶两人。
But the resentful spirits that blocked the way did not disappear, they became more active, all staring at Wang Ye and the others.
两人逃无可逃。 There was no escape.
好吧，想逃也不是没办法，比如再次使用【投桃报李】，但王叶发现在这条街道做题也不是完全没有好处，他们每解决一个问题，或答对一题，就会获得某些奖励。
Well, it's not impossible to escape, such as using [Peach Reciprocation] again, but Wang Ye found that doing questions on this street is not completely unbeneficial, and every time they solve a problem or answer a question correctly, they will get some rewards.
比如一块矿石，一包种子，一床新被子，一个小孩玩具，还有调料之类。奖励各种各样。
For example, a piece of ore, a bag of seeds, a new quilt, a child's toy, and spices. The rewards are varied.
王叶有时都搞不懂，为什么这座城要搞得这么复杂，如果只是想要杀人，那就派出怪兽不断追杀好了。
Wang Ye sometimes couldn't understand why this city was so complicated, if he just wanted to kill people, then send monsters to keep chasing and killing.
如果想要考试，那就好好地考，也没必要安排一堆刺激惊险的被追杀过程。
If you want to take the exam, then take it well, and there is no need to arrange a bunch of exciting and thrilling hunting process.
“可能是想逼迫出历练者的潜力。”雷木猜测。 "It may be that they want to force the potential of the experiencers." Raimu guessed.
“为什么要逼迫出历练者的潜力？搏命之城有这样的好心，帮助各大魔法学校训练人才？”王叶累得喘气，道：“任何事情，哪怕是做慈善，都有其目的性。或为名、或为利，或为自我满足。”
"Why force the potential of the experiencer? Does the City of Fighting Have Such a Good Heart to Help Major Magic Schools Train Talents? Wang Ye was tired and panted, and said: "Anything, even if it is charity, has its purpose. Or for fame, or for profit, or for self-satisfaction. ”
“搏命之城只看它的规则就知道城主不是个做慈善事业的。更何况这座城前身是知识之城，它会变成现在这样，肯定是这座城发生了什么重大变故。但变故发生后的搏命之城又没有危险到让魔法界退避三舍的地步，甚至各大魔法学校还把这里当做一个历练场所。”
"Just by looking at its rules, the city lord is not a philanthropist. What's more, this city was formerly known as the City of Knowledge, and it will become what it is now, and there must be something major that has happened to this city. But after the accident, the city of life was not dangerous enough to make the wizarding world retreat, and even the major magic schools used it as a place of training. ”
王叶脑子转得飞快，他总觉得就要抓住什么。 Wang Ye's mind was spinning fast, and he always felt that he had to catch something.
“为什么呢，是什么让各大魔法学校安心？把搏命之城视为安全的历练场所？”
"Why, what reassures the major magic schools? Think of the City of Death as a safe place to practice? ”
“……规则？”雷木道。 “…… Rules? "Thunderwood Road.
一道闪光在王叶脑中亮起：“对，规则！” A flash of light lit up in Wang Ye's mind: "Yes, rules!" ”
王叶激动地道：“这座城市虽然危险，各大魔法学校也知道这点，甚至某些学校大佬应该很清楚知识之城变成搏命之城的原因，可他们还是让学生来这里历练。就是因为这里有规则，不可动摇的规则。而这里为什么会立下这些规则？这恐怕就是搏命之城背后那位城主和魔法界的某种约定。”
Wang Ye said excitedly: "Although this city is dangerous, the major magic schools also know this, and even some school bosses should be very clear about the reason why the City of Knowledge has become a city of life, but they still let students come here to experience." It's because there are rules, unshakable rules. And why are these rules here? I'm afraid this is some kind of agreement between the city lord behind the city of life and the wizarding world. ”
王叶越说越觉得有可能：“魔法界很可能拿这位颠覆了知识之城的城主没办法，同样这位城主也还没有办法做到日天日地。魔法界又不愿意放弃这么一个时间流速和外界相差五倍的最佳学习和历练场所，同样这里的城主很可能也非常需要来自外面的某些……资源？能源？”
The more Wang Ye spoke, the more he felt that it was possible: "It is very likely that the magic world will not be able to do anything with this city lord who has subverted the city of knowledge, and similarly, this city lord has no way to do it every day. The wizarding world is not willing to give up such a place for learning and training that is five times the speed of time flowing from the outside world, and the city lord here is likely to be in great need of some ...... from the outside Resource? Energy? ”
“能源啊……”王叶拖长了音调，像是想明白了什么。 "Energy......" Wang Ye dragged out his tone, as if he had figured out something.
雷木用眼神问他。 Remu asked him with a look in his eyes.
王叶当即拉着雷木进入虫巢，完全不怕被人窥探到他有虫巢存在。
Wang Ye immediately pulled Lei Mu into the hive, not afraid of being snooped on that he had a hive.
自从知道傀儡二号有次空间，王叶就不怕虫巢空间暴露了，你有我也有，有什么好奇怪的？
Since he knew that Puppet No. 2 had a space, Wang Ye was not afraid of the exposure of the hive space, you have me, what's so strange?
外面的怨灵们看两人消失，在原地走来走去，似乎在互相询问什么。
The spirits outside watched the two disappear and walked around in place, as if asking each other something.
怨灵们越聚越多，所有怨灵都围在了王叶和雷木刚刚消失的地方，也不说话，就那么默默地围着。
The resentful spirits gathered more and more, and all the resentful spirits gathered around the place where Wang Ye and Lei Mu had just disappeared, and they didn't speak, just silently surrounded.
虫巢内，王叶扭头冷不丁地看到这一幕，颈子后面的汗毛都竖起来了。
Inside the insect nest, Wang Ye turned his head and saw this scene coldly, and the hairs on the back of his neck stood up.
金宝吓得钻到了雷木的口袋里，豆豆眼藏一半，想看又不敢看。
Jinbao was so frightened that he got into Lei Mu's pocket, and Doudou's eyes were half hidden, and he didn't dare to look at it when he wanted to.
小云和小光胆子大，趴在虫巢的空间壁上，对着外面的怨灵指指戳戳，不时还笑两声。
Xiaoyun and Xiaoguang were bold, lying on the space wall of the insect nest, pointing and poking at the resentful spirits outside, and laughing twice from time to time.
“你想明白了什么？”雷木还没来得及开口，疯药王就迫不及待地问道。
"What do you understand?" Before Lei Mu could speak, the Mad Medicine King couldn't wait to ask.
王叶正在整理思绪，过了一会儿说道：“我们先立个假设，我所有的推测都是建立在这个假设成立的情况下。”
Wang Ye was sorting out his thoughts, and said after a while: "Let's make a hypothesis first, and all my speculations are based on the premise that this hypothesis is true. ”
“行了，你快说，别吊我胃口。” "Okay, you can say it quickly, don't hang my appetite."
王叶本来也没有吊胃口的意思，当即说道：“虽然还不清楚当年知识之城到底发生了什么事，但根据老余和傀儡二号提供的部分信息，我们可以假设大约两百多年前，知识之城有一名或者几名老怪物很可能想要从人变成神。”
Wang Ye didn't have the intention of worrying about it, and immediately said: "Although it is not clear what happened in the City of Knowledge back then, according to some of the information provided by Lao Yu and Puppet No. 2, we can assume that about two hundred years ago, there were one or several old monsters in the City of Knowledge who were likely to want to change from humans to gods. ”
疯药王一愣，随后脸上出现了恍然大悟的神色。 The Mad Medicine King was stunned for a moment, and then a look of sudden realization appeared on his face.
雷木也听懂了：“你是说有人暗中绑架绝世天才，研究如何转移天才的天赋和资质，然后把多名天才的天赋和资质都转移到一个人身上，就是因为那个人想要成神？”
Lei Mu also understood: "Are you saying that someone secretly kidnaps a peerless genius, studies how to transfer the talents and qualifications of geniuses, and then transfers the talents and qualifications of multiple geniuses to one person, just because that person wants to become a god?" ”
王叶用力点头：“我们在学校上课，教授经常会提到魔法界的历史，但从双月星有神眷者出现，到现在为止，从没有听说有谁达到圣级以上。也就是说，不管你走的是哪条路，到了十级就是顶天，你能成圣，但永远无法成神。可如果有人达到了圣级，他会不想突破吗？他就不想再往上走一步，不想青春永驻、寿命与天齐、能力也与传说中的神灵一样吗？”
Wang Ye nodded vigorously: "We are in school classes, and professors often mention the history of the magic world, but since the appearance of the gods on the Twin Moon Stars, until now, I have never heard of anyone who has reached the saint level or above. In other words, no matter which path you take, when you reach the tenth level, you will be able to become a saint, but you will never be able to become a god. But if someone reaches the holy level, will he not want to break through? Doesn't he want to go one step further, don't he want to stay forever, live the same life as the heavens, and have the same abilities as the legendary gods? ”
疯药王和雷木一起深吸气。 The Mad Medicine King and Thunderwood took a deep breath together.
王叶看向疯药王：“你说你死的时候已经达到圣级，可你的寿命才只有三百岁，对吗？”
Wang Ye looked at the Mad Medicine King: "You said that you had reached the holy level when you died, but your lifespan was only three hundred years old, right?" ”
疯药王苦涩点头，举起手指：“三百三，我算是活得比较久的。”
The Mad Medicine King nodded bitterly and raised his fingers: "Three hundred and three, I can be regarded as living a relatively long time." ”
王叶：“你看，你是药圣啊，可你都无法延长自己的寿命，到了时间，哪怕有再多不甘愿，也只能离开这个世界。但你当时真的想就这么死掉吗？”
Wang Ye: "Look, you are a medicine saint, but you can't extend your lifespan, and when the time comes, no matter how unwilling you are, you can only leave this world." But did you really want to die like that? ”
疯药王眼中有一丝迷茫：“我不记得我死时是什么心情了，也没多少不甘，就是觉得时间怎么用都不够。不过在我发现自己再也无法控制自己继续老化下去时，我花了很长一段时间研究增寿药剂。说来，当年我在知识之城研究的就是增寿药剂和维持现状的药剂。”
There was a trace of confusion in the eyes of the Mad Medicine King: "I don't remember what I felt when I died, and I didn't feel much unwilling, I just felt that no matter how much time I used, I didn't have enough time." But when I found that I couldn't control my ageing anymore, I spent a long time researching longevity potions. Speaking of which, what I was researching in the City of Knowledge was life-enhancing elixirs and eligibility to maintain the status quo. ”
王叶一听疯药王这么说，对自己的假设就更加确信：“从古至今，我相信不止老余一个人在研究如何延长自己的寿命和状态。我想，肯定有人想到了很关键的一点，那就是延长寿命的根源就是打破圣级这个桎梏，从十级冲向十一级。”
As soon as Wang Ye heard what the Mad Medicine King said, he became even more convinced of his assumptions: "From ancient times to the present, I believe that Lao Yu is not the only one who is studying how to extend his life and state. I think someone must have thought of a very crucial point, that is, the root of prolonging life is to break the shackles of the holy level and rush from the tenth level to the eleventh level. ”
疯药王握拳，在原地飘了两圈，停下：“之前没想到这点，我也没注意。现在被你提醒，我才发现当年我会被知识之城邀请，就是在传出我创造出了能维持青春三十年的青春药剂以后。我到了知识之城后，其实也想研究其他课题，但不知为什么，也许是受到整体环境影响，或者是谁提点了我，我就专心一致地研究增寿药剂。我记得当时另外一个药王研究的是突破药剂。但他能力没我高。”
The Mad Medicine King clenched his fists, floated in place twice, and stopped: "I didn't expect this before, and I didn't pay attention to it." Now that I have been reminded by you, I have found out that I was invited by the City of Knowledge after it was rumored that I had created a youth potion that would sustain my youth for thirty years. When I arrived in the City of Knowledge, I actually wanted to study other topics as well, but for some reason, maybe it was due to the overall environment, or someone suggested it, so I concentrated on researching longevity potions. I remember that at that time, another medicine king was working on breakthrough drugs. But he's not as capable as I am. ”
疯药王说着就骄傲起来：“我研究出了新的增寿药剂，可以让一个寿命到了尽头的人再延寿三十年。只是这种增寿药剂无法重复使用，但到底也增加了三十年寿命。后来我发现在增寿药剂方面怎么都不可能再突破后，我才决定专心一致地研究我的辨药术，我想留下些什么，我想创造一本最全的药典，把我所有知识、领悟全都记录下来，那之后我就离开了知识之城。”
The Mad Medicine King became proud as he spoke: "I have researched a new life-increasing elixir that can prolong the life of a person who has reached the end of his life for another thirty years. It's just that this life-increasing agent can't be reused, but in the end it also adds 30 years of life. Later, after I found out that it was impossible to make a breakthrough in the field of longevity enhancement elixirs, I decided to concentrate on studying my medicine differentiation skills consistently, I wanted to leave something behind, I wanted to create the most complete pharmacopoeia, and record all my knowledge and understanding, and then I left the city of knowledge. ”
疯药王忽又叹息：“我怎么就没注意到呢。其实早就有蛛丝马迹了，为什么很多专业的天才都集中在知识之城，为什么大家齐心合力去研究某个课题，为什么这么发达的知识之城却没有树人族、精灵族、龙人族这些长寿种族参加。我那个年代，是人族捕捉长寿种族最疯狂的一个年代，后来被各长寿种族反扑，人族才老实下来。”
The Mad Medicine King suddenly sighed again: "Why didn't I notice it?" In fact, there have long been clues, why many professional geniuses are concentrated in the City of Knowledge, why everyone works together to study a certain topic, why such a developed City of Knowledge does not have the participation of long-lived races such as the Treants, Elves, and Dragons. In my time, it was the craziest era for the Terrans to capture the longevity race, and later they were counterattacked by the longevity races, and the Terrans became honest. ”
第169章 线索 Chapter 169: Clues
疯药王看向王叶的目光很古怪，像是羡慕，又像是惊叹，还有一点点嫌弃：“看来那瓶智慧之水对你效果很好。”
The Mad Medicine King looked at Wang Ye with a strange gaze, like envy, exclamation, and a little disgust: "It seems that that bottle of wisdom water works very well on you." ”
王叶翻了个白眼，智慧之水只是提高他对专业知识的领悟力，疯药王说的倒像是他原本是个小白痴，现在才开智一样。
Wang Ye rolled his eyes, the water of wisdom only improved his comprehension of professional knowledge, and the mad medicine king said as if he was originally a little idiot and is only now enlightened.
“继续说你的假设和推测吧。”疯药王也想知道当年他到底错过了什么，他当年真的是太埋首于自己的专业，对外面的事太不关心。
"Go ahead with your assumptions and speculations." The Crazy Medicine King also wanted to know what he missed back then, he was really too immersed in his profession back then, and he didn't care too much about the outside world.
王叶想通了最关键的一点，就把原本支离破碎的线索全部串联起来，构出一张能隐约看出全貌的网。
Wang Ye figured out the most critical point, and connected all the originally fragmented clues to form a net that could vaguely see the whole picture.
“如果我的假设是真，在延寿药剂和突破药剂都没有效果的情况下，偏偏有人就是不甘心就这么死去，那么他们会另外想邪门歪道的出路也就不奇怪了。”
"If my hypothesis is true, in the case that the life extension potion and the breakthrough potion have no effect, but some people are just unwilling to die like this, then it is not surprising that they will think of another way out of the evil sect."
“首先是魂转魔法阵，夺舍年轻的天才躯体，转移自己的灵魂，用另一种方式让自己活下去。”
"The first is to turn the soul into a magic array, take away the young genius body, transfer your soul, and let yourself live in another way."
“可这种方法也不能让某些老怪物满足，因为他们始终无法突破圣级的门槛，他们想要真正的与天地同寿，而不是不断更换身体。于是他们开始尝试新的方法，推测是不是自己的天赋和资质还不够完美，想要从根子来堆积突破圣级的方法。如此，知识之城甚至是外界的一些天才就倒霉了，他们失踪，很可能已经死在实验台上，他们的资质和天赋很可能已经被剥夺。”
"But this method can't satisfy some old monsters, because they have never been able to break through the threshold of the holy level, they want to truly live with heaven and earth, instead of constantly changing their bodies. So they began to try new methods, speculating if their talents and qualifications were not perfect enough, and wanted to pile up methods to break through the holy level from the roots. In this way, some geniuses in the City of Knowledge and even in the outside world are unlucky, they are missing, they are likely to have died on the experimental bench, and their qualifications and talents are likely to have been deprived. ”
王叶指向外面集中的怨灵：“那个石头人，我怀疑就是老怪物们的研究不成功品之一。还有这城中许多外界看不到的怪物，九成也是研究的衍生物。”
Wang Ye pointed to the resentful spirits gathered outside: "That stone man, I suspect that it is one of the unsuccessful products of the old monsters' research. There are also many monsters in this city that cannot be seen by the outside world, and ninety percent are also derivatives of research. ”
疯药王虚虚拍了个巴掌：“我明白了！你是在说当年知识之城会被毁灭，就是因为这些老怪物的研究出了问题，他们控制不住他们研究出来的怪物了，这些怪物跑出来，在城中肆意祸害。比如这个石头人，它吃了一条街。如果有更多石头人呢？还有那些飞行怪物，以及你们在路上碰到的各种乱七八糟怪物。这些怪物全都跑出来……啊啊啊！”
The Mad Medicine King slapped him in the face: "I understand!" Are you saying that the city of knowledge will be destroyed back then, because there is a problem with the research of these old monsters, they can't control the monsters they have researched, and these monsters run out and wreak havoc in the city. For example, this stone man, it ate a street. What if there were more stone people? And the flying monsters, and all the messy monsters you come across along the way. These monsters all ran out...... Ahhh ”
疯药王抱头：“原来如此！知识之城九成就是这么毁掉的。”
The Mad Medicine King hugged his head: "I see! This is how the Nine Achievements of the City of Knowledge were destroyed. ”
王叶眼睛很亮，他还有更大胆地推测：“我怀疑当年做研究的老怪物们很可能创造出了一个非常可怕的新的怪物。它具有远超普通天才的天赋和资质，具有强大的身体，可就在老怪物打算把灵魂转移到这具身体中时，兴许出了某种变故，也许这个被创造出来的身躯拥有了自己的意识。当然，也有可能想要夺舍的老怪物自己出了某种问题。”
Wang Ye's eyes were very bright, and he had a more daring speculation: "I suspect that the old monsters who did research back then are likely to have created a very terrifying new monster. It has talents and qualifications far beyond ordinary geniuses, and has a powerful body, but just when the old monster was about to transfer its soul to this body, something happened to it, and perhaps this created body had its own consciousness. Of course, it's also possible that the old monster who wants to take it away has some kind of problem on its own. ”
“总之，这个强大到变态的怪物很可能把创造出它的老怪物们都干掉了，它还放出了其他怪物，导致知识之城大乱。”
"In short, this perverted monster is likely to have killed all the old monsters that created it, and it has also released other monsters, causing chaos in the City of Knowledge."
雷木听到这里也明白王叶的推测结论是什么了：“你认为那个被创造出来的强大怪物占领了知识之城，并在这里立下新的规则，把这里变成了搏命之城？”
Hearing this, Lei Mu also understood what Wang Ye's conjecture was: "Do you think that the powerful monster that was created took over the City of Knowledge and set new rules here, turning this place into a city of life?" ”
王叶点头：“对。而且这个强大怪物很可能想法十分矛盾，它既痛恨人类，可又把自己当人类看。它甚至可能觉得自己距离神已经不远，但它的实力又还没有真正到达神灵的程度。它也许很想离开这个秘境，但双月星魔法界不允许，很可能那个强大怪物也是被困在了这个秘境中。”
Wang Ye nodded: "Yes." And this powerful monster is likely to have contradictory ideas, hating humans while still seeing itself as human. It may even feel that it is not far from a god, but its strength has not really reached the level of a god. It may be tempted to leave this secret realm, but the Twin Moon Star Magic Realm does not allow it, and it is likely that the powerful monster is also trapped in this secret realm. ”
“如果是这样，那各大魔法学校为什么还要送学生过来历练？”雷木皱眉。
"If that's the case, then why do the major magic schools send students over to practice?" Remu frowned.
王叶：“应该是有约定吧。也有可能是那个强大怪物自己不想离开这个秘境，它可能想要留在这里继续完善它的成神之路。而想要成神，首先就得理解和掌握一个世界的规则，也可以说是法则。”
Wang Ye: "There should be an agreement." It is also possible that the powerful monster itself does not want to leave this secret realm, and it may want to stay here and continue to perfect its path to godhood. And if you want to become a god, you must first understand and master the rules of a world, which can also be said to be laws. ”
听到这里，疯药王也懂了：“你是说这个从知识之城改变而来的搏命之城，就是那位尝试理解和掌握世界法则的实验点？”
Hearing this, the Mad Medicine King also understood: "Are you saying that this city of life, which has changed from the city of knowledge, is the experimental point that tries to understand and master the laws of the world?" ”
“没错，所以它自己也需要遵守规则。一旦有了明确的规则，还不用真正死亡，那么这里会变成试炼场所也就不奇怪了。”
"That's right, so it needs to play by the rules of its own. Once there are clear rules, and there is no need to actually die, it is not surprising that this place will become a place of trial. ”
“怪不得在这里，历练者可以无限复活，原来是因为这里有了新的世界法则。”疯药王呢喃，以他的水平，王叶说一，他就自己推断出了二和三。
"No wonder here, the practitioner can be resurrected indefinitely, it turns out that there is a new world law here." The mad medicine king murmured, with his level, Wang Ye said one, and he deduced two and three by himself.
雷木举手：“你之前说的能源是指什么？” Raimu raised his hand: "What did you mean by energy before?" ”
“精神力和生命力！”王叶和疯药王同时说道。 "Mental power and vitality!" Wang Ye and the Mad Medicine King said at the same time.
王叶做了个请的姿势，让疯药王先说。 Wang Ye made a gesture of invitation, and let the mad medicine king speak first.
疯药王哼了一声，还是说道：“无限复活怎么可能不付出代价？答题更需要充足的精神力。”
The Mad Medicine King snorted, but still said, "How can it be possible for infinite resurrection not to pay a price? Answering questions requires sufficient mental strength. ”
雷木不满道：“如果需要付出生命力和精神力，学校怎么还会让学生过来？”
Lei Mu was dissatisfied: "If you need to pay life force and mental power, how can the school still let students come?" ”
疯药王不客气地道：“想得到就要舍得付出。相比较能在这里获得的，付出的那点生命力和精神力又算什么？你就是去采集药植，还要承担被守护药植的魔兽杀死的危险。这里可是只要付出少量代价，就能让你能力得到提升，还不会真的让你死亡。”
雷木沉默，不得不承认疯药王说得很有理。
疯药王继续道：“至于外界为什么会允许这位霸占这里，甚至隐藏这位的消息，大概也是想看看这位是不是真的能成神？”
疯药王露出讥笑：“明知让那种怪物成神会有什么结果，可他们还是选择了等待，大概是有人想要复制这条成神路。”
“不止是复制，应该是总结和提高，魔法界应该是想通过这边的经验，想要找出一条更轻松、可能性更高的成神路。”王叶道。
雷木：“所以这里的规则之一就是不断答题，既是为收集更多知识，也是为了看看一条路如果走到极致是否有突破的可能？”
王叶忽然道：“我觉得这座城的城主很喜欢我。”
雷木和疯药王哑然。
王叶认真道：“真的，我之前不是说了有人窥探我吗？这种窥探一直没有消失。而且你们有没有发现，我们遇到的难题越来越多种多样？”
“你是说？”
“我怀疑暗中窥探我的人就是城主，它发现我不止掌握了一门专业技能，而是多点开花，并且哪一门都掌握得很不错。它可能很想看看我这种复合型全面型人才能走到哪一步。毕竟之前的经验都证明一条道走到黑，似乎并没有办法突破圣级，那么自然会有人想到，如果有一个能掌握多种专业技能的天才，他是不是有办法打破那个看不见的桎梏？”
疯药王啪叽给了王叶脑门一下：“你还骄傲上了？被那种怪物盯上，你以为是好事？”
王叶不爽：“喂，老头，别随便打我脑袋。”
疯药王骂：“没礼貌的小兔崽子！”
王叶卷袖子：“我可跟你说，你现在就一个二级亡灵，我现在可是超过三级，我的异术还解锁了一个专门对付亡灵的，你要试试被净化的滋味吗？”
在疯药王发飙或认怂之前，雷木一把扛起王小叶回小二楼去了。
忙了一天，该吃饭了。
王小叶趴在雷木肩头，有点懵逼。
疯药王哈哈大笑。总算家里还有个能治这个小混蛋的。
虽然把搏命之城的背景分析了七七八八，但这些分析也只是建立在王叶的假设上。
到底搏命之城是怎么回事，恐怕还是要把傀儡二号修理好才能知道。
其实王叶对于修理傀儡二号，真兴趣不大。
这座城的城主想要成神也罢，外面的魔法界想要寻求成神之路也好，对于现在的王叶来说都太遥远。
别说长寿无疆，就是能活三百年，对王叶来说都是很不可思议的寿命长度。
他现在也想不了那么远，到什么层次思考什么问题，等他到了十级再想突破的问题也不迟。
何况玩家等级最高就到九级，连十级都没有。
他与其想着如何成神，还不如先想想如何突破游戏系统的等级限制。
所以……一切都是为了经验值，三万点呢。
等等！王叶忽然发现他疏漏了一点很重要的信息。
傀儡二号的炼金等级绝对达到了九级乃至十级，以他们现在的实力想要修复几乎不可能，那么这样高的难度为什么就只给三万点？
三万点在三十级以前是很高，但在三十级以后，是真不算什么，连提升一级的经验值都不够。
他前面习惯了扣扣索索的算点数，每得到一百点经验值都高兴得不得了，从而忽略了等级越高，需要的经验值就越多这一点。
虽说修理傀儡二号这个任务是在他达到三十一级以前发布的，但那时他也有二十七级。
而这个副本可是五十级以上的困难级副本，系统只给出三万点奖励，根本就不算是高额奖励。
换言之，这个修理任务不可能难到他和雷木解决不了的程度。
同理，拯救兰道教授那个任务很可能也没有他想的那么困难，只是他没有发现解决问题的关键线索。
一定有捷径可走，一定有更简单的修好这个傀儡二号的方法，他只要找到关键线索。
傀儡二号……傀儡……
王叶腾地站起，他知道线索在哪里了！
他就说嘛，在这座城到处都要答题的情况下，以他和雷木现在的实力，想要快速赶到那两座魔法塔几乎不可能。
可系统也不可能出一个完全不可能完成的任务。
原来线索早就在身边。
雷木抬头，“你很高兴？”
“嗯！”王叶特别想把自己想到的线索分享给雷木。
结果雷木问他的却是：“你想到如何脱离那条街道了？你要使用传送术？可我们不可能一直使用传送术，这只会让我们陷入一个又一个困境中，除非狄滨和雅阁两人恰好就在我们要去的目的地附近。”
“当然不是传送术。”
“哦，那是什么方法？”
王叶嘿嘿一笑，决定给雷木一个惊喜，就暂时没有分享他的发现，而是很得意地说出他另一个推论：“有规则，就表示一定有漏洞。”
找漏洞，钻空子，他可是专家级别。
轰！
虫巢突然震荡。
“爸叽！”
小云一把抓住金宝，咻地竟然钻入了地下。
小光带领虫群飞舞起来。
疯药王也飞到半空。
“有人攻击！”王叶反应速度极快，迅速操纵虫巢躲避攻击。
但对方似乎对空间变化十分敏感，竟然追着虫巢打。
刚刚还想着钻空子的王叶气炸，他不就是躲到自己的次空间中休息一下嘛，竟然连这个空子都不给钻。
但雷木却早有心理准备，就像王叶之前说的，拥有次空间的人不会只有他一个，如果有人来了就躲在自己的空间中只享受这里的时间倍数，却不用面对危险，那搏命之城岂不是很没面子？
所以他和王叶其实早就做好了当他们躲进虫巢有可能被发现并被攻击的准备。
只是这个攻击来得太突然。
第170章 吞噬鳊鱼怪
敌暗我明，看不到敌人在哪里是最讨厌的。
但王叶只要被攻击，因果线就会缠上对方。他看不到敌人，但他能感觉到，也能锁定对方。
王叶还想知道对方到底是谁，在下一次躲避的间隙，他打开了因果卷。
“搏命之城巡逻者？”
王叶已经用因果线锁定对方，并凭借因果线找到了躲藏在黑暗中的攻击者。
那是一个很古怪的家伙，整个身体就像是一条扁平的鳊鱼，它在空中像蝙蝠一样飞翔，倏然来倏然去，速度极快，它每次张嘴，都会吐出一道看不见的空间波。
这股空间波会在空气中自动寻觅不同于搏命之城的空间，遇到就会引起剧烈爆炸。
“叶子，能把那个偷袭者找出来吗？”雷叶看不到那个鳊鱼怪，想要帮忙也无能为力。
“能。我把它标注出来。但稍等，我想测试一件事。”
王叶说完，立刻从虫巢中闪身而出，随即就把整个虫巢从外显状态隐入身体之中。
可这样也不行，那鳊鱼怪的空间波还是在紧追着他。
王叶看向自己戴着的空间戒指，搞不清楚那鳊鱼怪是什么空间都能发现，还是只攻击能藏活物的次空间。
王叶又迅速拔下从药园尤妮斯那里得到的空间戒指往身边一丢，运用轻功闪身离开原地。
鳊鱼怪的攻击首先落在了空间戒指上。
轰的一声，看起来坚固稳定无比的空间戒指竟然被炸开，里面存放的东西全都落了出来。
幸好王叶只是用这个空间戒指做样子，里面并没有摆放多少东西。
但空间戒指本身就价值不菲，君不见多少玩家想要得到又求之无门？
看到昂贵的空间戒指就这么被摧毁，王叶心疼得心脏都要裂开。
“木，你先不要出来，这东西似乎能发现任何空间类存在。”
空间波再次追踪他而来，王叶不断闪避，还是被攻击中一次。对方的实力至少有五级！
虽然有因果循环护身，王叶还是被轰炸得翻了个跟头，嘴里也吐出血来。
虫巢内部也跟发生了地震一样。
雷木急速道：“叶子，我需要出去，我们两个一起，一个吸引它注意，一个偷袭它。你先把人标注出来。”
王叶心念一转，一个大胆至极的主意在脑中冒出。
“好！木，你帮我吸引它，我有个想法。”
王叶拉起二胡，琴音带着因果线扑向隐形的城市巡逻者，缠住对方。
在缠住对方的一刹那，王叶扔出了一瓶药剂。
那药剂落在鳊鱼怪身上竟然穿身而过，砸在了地上。
药剂瓶裂开。
鳊鱼怪猛力挣扎，一下子就挣脱了因果线。
这家伙相当棘手。
可药剂瓶同时爆发出大量黄色烟雾。
鳊鱼怪在黄色烟雾中闪动时，痕迹隐约可见，只是它速度太快。
雷木几次攻击都落空。
但雷木找到了鳊鱼怪在哪个方向，故意过去吸引对方注意。
雷木身上有精灵空间，那鳊鱼怪的空间波自然就被雷木吸引，追着雷木跑。
雷木看不到空间波动，不得不硬扛了一次。
不太妙的是，他们这边的动静引起了那些怨灵的注意，它们飘了过来。
王叶再次拉动琴弦，因果线再次缠住鳊鱼怪。
“木！我，两点方向，一百二十米！封住它！”
雷木得到提醒，一个古老的“封”字落向鳊鱼怪的身体。
但鳊鱼怪的速度太快了，竟然躲开了。
可雷木的攻击也吸引了它的注意，它对着雷木再次吐出空间波。
王叶一个投桃报李把自己传送到鳊鱼怪身边，不等鳊鱼怪反应过来，他就碰触到鳊鱼怪并把它拽进了虫巢中。
“木，回！”
雷木和王叶几乎同时进入虫巢。
那些被吸引来的怨灵再次失去目标，在周围飘飘荡荡，发出能撕裂人灵魂的亡灵咆哮。
王叶一进入虫巢，就连同自己和那只鳊鱼怪一起滚进了虫巢隔离区。
隔离区对于鳊鱼怪没什么用处。
眼看鳊鱼怪就要突破隔离区。
虫巢墙壁突然爆发出大量丝线一样的细丝。
这些细丝全都缠住了鳊鱼怪。
空间力量就需要空间力量来对付。
王叶使用虫巢的吞噬和融合能力，在吸收鳊鱼怪。
这个鳊鱼怪的能力太特殊，他和雷木加起来都不是对方对手。
王叶没办法，只能把对方困在虫巢也是困在自己身体中，硬拼。
鳊鱼怪哪怕被缠住，仍旧能不断发动空间波攻击王叶和整个虫巢空间。
这时候就是拼两边的抗揍能力，谁先倒下谁就输。
王叶的依仗有二，一是虫巢中远古巨兽心脏所化的小山，这股庞大的能量可以在一定时间内源源不断地转化成他的能量。
王叶虽然碍于系统限制，无法累积能量升级，但他也不是完全没有好处。
他的能量储存绝对同阶无敌，单比耐力和持久力，他可比同级别的存在抗揍多了。
普通三十级玩家，挨鳊鱼怪一下攻击，可能就会重伤，挨第二下，可能就会死亡。就算有治疗技能，也因为能量不足，无法支持太久。
但王叶挨了一下，可以立刻使用生生不息治疗自己，还能喝药剂。然后再抽调虫巢中的能量补足自身。这就大大加长了他的抵抗时间。
而在抵抗过程中，王叶也不是一味挨打，他还在用虫巢吸收这只鳊鱼怪。
鳊鱼怪则只能攻击，却没办法反过来吸收虫巢补充自己。
一个有进有出，一个只出不进，最后结果可想而知。
鳊鱼怪大约发现不妙，拼命挣扎，想要摆脱虫巢的纠缠，更加大了攻击。
王叶怎么可能让它跑掉，虫巢空间壁裂开，干脆把鳊鱼怪给吞了，紧紧包裹住它。
鳊鱼怪似乎无法发出声音，它只能不断张嘴发出空间波。
王叶身上不断出现伤口，又愈合，反反复复，血流了一地。
雷木等人只能在虫巢中不断感觉空间震动，却又没办法帮到王叶。
雷木握紧双拳，闭眼，感知一切灵魂力量。
他能帮到王叶，一定能，静下心感受，接受你的魔种力量，不要排斥你的魔族血脉，尽量发挥你的魔族天赋。
雷木额头的翡翠双角发出了莹莹光芒。
找到了！
雷木锁定了一道精神波动，随即整个人都化成一道黑影，扑向了那道精神波动，并随着那道精神波动冲入对方的精神核。
魔族天赋，灵魂捕食。
雷木的实际实力并不比鳊鱼怪弱，他只是苦于无法锁定鳊鱼怪，也无法用自己的能量捕捉到对方。
但现在雷木扬长避短，用灵魂来锁定对方的灵魂。
正好鳊鱼怪被王叶纠缠住，想跑都跑不掉，更方便雷木锁定。
雷木在咬向那个精神核时就发现了异样，这个鳊鱼怪的灵魂竟然是残缺的，不像是天然生灵，更像是炼金生物。
不管它是什么，雷木既然抓住它就不会放过它。
鳊鱼怪受到双重攻击，它能发出的空间波越来越弱，挣扎也越来越无力。
终于，鳊鱼怪不动了。
虫巢卷住鳊鱼怪，鳊鱼怪身体在虫巢中消失。
王叶脱力地坐到地上。
不等自己倒下，他先拿出一瓶补血疗伤药剂灌下。
生生不息的治疗能力是好，但他的伤势真的太重了，如果只靠治疗能力，只怕他在治疗过程中就能因为失血过多和太累而睡着。
王叶倒下前，让自己出现在小二楼中。
小光最先发现王叶，立即呼喊雷木。
雷木闪身出现，查看王叶伤势。
躲入地下的小云也带着金宝冒出来。
金宝看到浑身血淋淋的王叶，吓得大叫：“爸叽！”
雷木让金宝不要扑过来。
疯药王飘进来，围着王叶绕了一圈，就得出诊断：“没事，他只是累睡着了。”
王叶没有放任自己睡太久，他心里有事，担心再有鳊鱼怪找上他们，根本无法真正放松，只昏睡了两个多小时他就睁开了眼睛。
雷木就靠在他身边，王叶一醒来，他也睁开了眼睛。
“爸叽！”金宝扑到王叶身上。
王叶一把抓住金宝，用力揉搓：“啊啊啊！爸爸这次好亏。”
雷木失笑，揉揉王小叶的脑袋：“能活下来就是好事，那怪物太难对付了。”
疯药王也飘过来，直接放讽刺：“让你浪！就你这么点实力，能在这座城里活到现在简直就是奇迹，接下来更小心点吧！”
王叶哼唧：“虽然付出比较多，但这次勉强也算赚了。”
但王叶只要想到这次吃的亏，还是忍不住磨牙。
“赚了什么？”雷木问。
王叶坐起身，张开手掌反复握了握：“吸收了那个鳊鱼怪的空间之力，我的虫巢似乎可以再次升级了。”
“哦？”雷木闻言，脸上也露出一点笑意，“听起来不坏。”
王叶摸摸身上的衣服，他身上被毁的校服已经换掉，血迹也都清洗干净。
“但我还是觉得好亏，不行，我得把这次吃的亏全部补回来。”王叶抬头，眼睛亮闪闪地说：“这种鳊鱼怪应该不止一只，我们试试看能不能再钓一只。”
雷木对于对王叶有好处的事，向来双手赞成。
不过王叶在钓鳊鱼怪之前，需要先给虫巢升个级。
考虑到鳊鱼怪随时都会找到他们，如果王叶正在升级途中，他和虫巢的抵抗能力就会降到最低。
王叶就没敢真的升级，只是把那鳊鱼怪的能力和虫巢稍微融合了一下。
现在虫巢具有了侦测空间的能力，同时也能对外发出空间攻击。
但这并没有让王叶满足，王叶想要真正的隐藏起自己的虫巢空间，让鳊鱼怪乃至其他任何空间侦测类存在都无法发现。而想要做到这点，就需要不断提高虫巢的空间之力。
之前，他想要提升虫巢的空间之力也不知道该怎么做，只能在每次升级时增加虫巢的空间体积。
但这次发现鳊鱼怪，王叶总算明白要如何提升虫巢的空间之力了，显然吞噬和吸收同类能力，也能让虫巢提升。
可有时候你越是不想碰见什么，就越是会碰见对方。而你越想遇到什么，反而就越是遇不到。
王叶一边感悟新的能力，一边等待鳊鱼怪找过来。
结果一直等到第二天天亮，也没有第二只鳊鱼怪找上门。
但王叶不相信搏命之城只有这么一只城市巡逻者，只能推测这种巡逻者可能都有固定的巡逻时间和巡逻范围，昨天那只就是正好撞到他们。
如果再想碰到第二只，要么离开这片区域，要么就是再等等。
王叶看到出现的熟悉街道，和雷木从虫巢中出来。
他还有一件重要的事要做，暂时还不打算离开这片街区。
王叶刚从虫巢出来，就蹦到街角的垃圾堆。
这里有一只傀儡正在干活，它面前有好几个箱子，箱子放在推车上，傀儡把城民们和历练者留下的垃圾，按照不同种类放入垃圾箱中，再推着走。
王叶歪头打量这只傀儡，故意挡住它的去路。
傀儡发出警告声：“垃圾车通过，请让开。”
王叶就是不让。
傀儡就推着车子绕了一个弯，躲开了王叶。
王叶伸手抓住傀儡的手臂。
这只傀儡的智能很低，只会说：“垃圾车通过，请让开。”
雷木看看傀儡，又看看王叶，脸上露出所有所思的表情。
王叶突然把傀儡送入了虫巢中。
傀儡进入虫巢，呆愣片刻，扭头左看看右看看，似乎在判断方位。
当它看到脚下裂成几块的坏掉傀儡，又看到那些低配版的傀儡零部件后，该傀儡不动了，过了一会儿，这只傀儡伸出手臂，开始检查坏掉的傀儡。
王叶唇角翘起，他的判断很可能是正确的。
雷木进入虫巢看到那只傀儡的表现，也明白了王叶的打算，叮嘱几小不要过去捣乱，又离开虫巢。
“你怎么想到的？”
“尝试。如果那些傀儡没有自我修理能力，那用它们的零配件做替换也可以。”
“不怕被攻击吗？”
“所以先要试试。遇到有攻击性的，就躲开。如果没有攻击性的，就收起来。”
雷木不是很乐观地道：“如果这里的傀儡可以随便带走，那这座城的傀儡早就没了。”
“所以才有巡逻者啊。我们多找一些傀儡，相信不用我们等待，那些巡逻者就要找过来找我们算账了。”王叶怪笑。
“一个巡逻者我们还可以对付，如果多个呢？如果再加上其他怪物呢？”雷木给王叶泼凉水。
“具体情况具体对待，打不过就跑。”王叶在昨晚的攻防中发现他以前小看【投桃报李】找个传送术了，这个技能明显不止是用来传送物品，用好了，其实跟瞬移没什么区别，完全可以作为突袭和逃跑的绝招使用。
而且王叶使用虫巢吞噬吸收了那个鳊鱼怪后，隐约感悟到鳊鱼怪是如何发现虫巢空间的了。有了这个能力，他有六成把握可以迷惑其他鳊鱼怪，甚至反攻它们。
就在雷木和王叶寻找其他傀儡时，有人奔他们跑过来。
是昨晚的怨灵之一，他们昨天的解题任务还没做完。
但王叶这次再看到这些出题者，脸上不但没有厌烦之色，反而露出了姨母笑。
“你家的狗病了？怀疑老李家丢掉的钥匙就是被你家狗给吞了？要在不伤害它的情况下，不但要找到老李家的钥匙，还要治好你家的狗？”
少女点头，期待地看向王叶。
当少女看向雷木时，眼神有点瑟缩。
昨晚吞噬过一个残缺灵魂的雷木，这时气场全开，任谁看到他第一眼都会想到魔族二字。
雷木心想，怪不得昨天这些人看到他没多大反应，大概是没有想到他是魔族？
这世上外形怪异的魔法师和异术师不少，他这个形象真不算最怪的，而且魔族距离人类世界比较远，真正看到过魔族的人极少，对于有见识的搏命之城城民来说，他们看到雷木的第一眼一般只以为他是比较特殊的能力者，而不会第一时间想到他是魔族。
但雷木现在散发出来的黑暗气质，让城民本能地感到恐惧和排斥。
But the dark aura that Raimu now exudes makes the townspeople instinctively feel fear and rejection.
王叶笑眯眯地拉过少女的注意力道：“我可以帮助你。但你也要为我解答一个问题。”
Wang Ye smiled and pulled the girl's attention and said, "I can help you." But you also have a question for me. ”
“什么问题？”少女怯怯地问。 "What's the problem?" The girl asked timidly.
王叶：“我想知道你们城市最大的垃圾处理场在哪里？请告诉我前去这个垃圾场的最安全最快捷通道。”
Wang Ye: "I want to know where is the largest garbage disposal site in your city?" Please tell me the safest and fastest way to get to this dump. ”
少女露出为难的神色，过了一会儿才说道：“那你需要先解决我的问题。另外，如果我能回答你的问题，你能给我什么报酬？”
The girl looked embarrassed, and after a while said, "Then you need to solve my problem first." Also, what can you pay me if I can answer your question? ”
王叶脸上笑意更灿烂，从金宝的玩具堆中翻出一个粉红色的毛绒绒的兔宝宝玩偶：“这个如何？”
Wang Ye smiled brighter, and pulled out a pink plush bunny doll from Jinbao's toy pile: "How about this?" ”
金宝瞪大眼睛：“皮卡叽？” Jinbao's eyes widened: "Pickup? ”
少女一看到这个粉红兔宝宝，眼珠子就拔不出来了，连连点头：“可以。我知道城里最大的垃圾场在哪里，距离我们这里不远，就是比较绕，但我可以带你过去哦。”
王叶笑得露出了两个尖尖的小虎牙。 Wang Ye smiled and showed two small spiky tiger teeth.
这才是这座搏命之城的正确玩法嘛，答题可不止是让历练者答题，历练者也可以给城民出题。
This is the correct way to play in this city of life, answering questions is not only for the experienced practitioner to answer the question, but also for the experienced to give the city citizens questions.
历练者答不出城民的问题，会被惩罚和追杀。 Practitioners who cannot answer the questions of the city's citizens will be punished and hunted down.
同样，如果城民的答题让历练者不满意，历练者也可以反杀城民。
Similarly, if the Practitioner is not satisfied with the Practitioner's answer, the Practitioner can also kill the Citizen.
这可不算是钻空子。 This is not a loophole.
只不过很多历练者都没有工夫想到这点，或者想到了，也没办法在城民故意坑你或是无法回答问题时做到反杀。
It's just that many experienced practitioners don't have the time to think about this, or if they do, they can't do it when the people of the city deliberately trick you or can't answer the question.
另外，想要城民答题还有一个规则要遵守，那就是要给出让城民动心的奖励。
In addition, there is another rule to follow if you want the citizens to answer the questions, that is, you must give rewards that make the citizens happy.
其实历练者答题也都有获得奖励，只是有些奖励比较明显，有些奖励不明显。而城民可以挑剔历练者给出的奖励，选择接受还是拒绝答题，但历练者却没有办法选择奖励，且不得不答题。
In fact, practitioners also receive rewards for answering questions, but some rewards are more obvious, and some rewards are not. The citizens of the city can pick on the reward given by the practitioner and choose to accept or refuse to answer the question, but the practitioner has no way to choose the reward and has to answer the question.
第171章 我有个封地 Chapter 171: I Have a Fiefdom
王叶给浑身黄毛的狗狗配了一副药，又捂着鼻子从它的便便中夹出一把小手指长的青铜钥匙。
Wang Ye dispensed a pair of medicine for the yellow-haired dog, and covered his nose and took out a bronze key with the length of a little finger from its poop.
抱着恶心了自己也要恶心别人的想法，王叶就用一双筷子夹着这把香喷喷热乎乎的钥匙送给了丢失钥匙的老李。
With the idea that he would be disgusted with others if he was disgusted, Wang Ye used a pair of chopsticks to hold the fragrant and hot key and gave it to Lao Li who lost the key.
老李脸部肌肉抽搐着，不接钥匙，木着脸说：“很好，你得到了钥匙，那么拿着这把钥匙去开我家地窖的门吧，老牛的孙子和其他几个孩子都躲在我家地窖里。”
Lao Li's facial muscles twitched, he didn't answer the key, and said with a wooden face: "Very good, you got the key, then take this key and go to open the door of my cellar, Lao Niu's grandson and several other children are hiding in my cellar." ”
王叶：“……” Wang Ye: "......"
一路跟着王叶的少女捂着口鼻忍笑。 The girl who followed Wang Ye all the way covered her mouth and nose and smiled.
雷木绷着脸……怕自己笑出来，拿出水把那钥匙反复冲洗了几遍。
Remu grimaced...... Afraid of laughing at himself, he took out the water and rinsed the key several times.
眼看雷木要用手指去拿钥匙，王叶抢过洗干净的钥匙，把地窖的门给打开了。
Seeing that Lei Mu was about to use his fingers to get the key, Wang Ye snatched the cleaned key and opened the door of the cellar.
地窖里有几具体型不大的骷髅，但在阳光洒进去的一刹那，骷髅全都消失，地窖里多出了几个孩子。
There were a few small skeletons in the cellar, but the moment the sunlight poured in, all the skeletons disappeared, and there were a few more children in the cellar.
“没事了吗？我们可以出去了吗？”孩子们发出欢呼，顺着梯子爬上来。
"Are you alright? Can we get out? The children cheered and climbed up the ladder.
王叶看着欢呼跳跃的几个孩子，抿了抿嘴唇。 Wang Ye looked at the cheering and jumping children and pursed his lips.
当把牛叔的孙子带到牛家，牛叔抱住孙子嚎啕大哭。 When Uncle Niu's grandson was brought to Niu's house, Uncle Niu hugged his grandson and cried.
王叶心里很不是滋味。 Wang Ye felt very uncomfortable.
雷木轻轻捏了捏他的肩膀。 Raimu gently squeezed his shoulder.
牛叔擦擦眼泪，从怀里掏出一本薄薄的书籍，递给王叶：“拿着吧，这是我家里传下来的，当初有厚厚一本，但这么多年下来，也就剩这十来张了。我留着没用，我家里也没有会炼制魔法药剂的，如果这些药方能在你手上发扬光大也是好事。”
Uncle Niu wiped his tears, took out a thin book from his arms, and handed it to Wang Ye: "Take it, this is what I passed down from my family, there was a thick one at the beginning, but after so many years, there are only about a dozen left." It's useless for me to keep it, and I don't have any magic potions at home who know how to refine them, and it's good if these prescriptions can be carried forward in your hands. ”
王叶道谢，接过了薄薄的书籍，书籍封面和封底都没有了，只剩下十几张兽皮纸。
Wang Ye thanked him and took the thin book, the front and back covers of the books were gone, and only a dozen pieces of animal skin paper remained.
每张纸上都详细记载着一个药方。 Each piece of paper has a prescription detailed.
王叶大略翻了翻。 Wang Ye flipped through it roughly.
“咦？你翻慢一点。”待在虫巢中和王叶同时观看这十几张药方的疯药王发出了惊疑声。
"Huh? You flip a little slower. Staying in the worm nest and watching these dozen prescriptions with Wang Ye at the same time, the mad medicine king let out a sound of surprise.
王叶放慢速度。 Wang Ye slowed down.
疯药王发出了不可置信的声音：“这是奥尔帕图的字迹，是他亲手写的药方。怎么会？”
The Mad Medicine King made an incredulous voice: "This is Alpatu's handwriting, a prescription written by his own hand. How so? ”
“奥尔帕图是谁？”王叶低声问。
疯药王还没说话，牛叔就发出了惊讶的声音：“你知道我祖父的名字？”
疯药王略后一步说道：“奥尔帕图是和我同时期，不对，应该说他是比我还老一辈的药王，当年他比我更早被邀请到知识之城，我说那个研究十级突破十一级药剂的人就是他。但我从来没听说他有后人！”
王叶挑眉，忍不住打量对面的牛叔，这位有这么显赫的祖父，结果却落到全家死绝的地步？
“是，我知道这位药王大人，只是没想到他还有后人留下。”王叶语带尊重地说道。
牛叔立刻笑起来：“我们后代给祖父丢脸了。当年祖父在这座城里定居，他原本一辈子没打算娶妻，可最后也不知是我们祖母魅力太大，还是他想通了，在人生的最后几年里娶妻生子，可惜他老人家走得早。我父亲才三岁不到，我祖父就去世了。之后我们家为了能在这座城里继续待下去，不得不把他老人家留下的书籍、配方卖得卖送得送，唉。”
牛叔惭愧地摇摇头：“可惜我父亲和我，包括我的儿子和孙子都没有什么药剂学方面的天赋，凭白浪费了祖父留下来的传承，还没能好好保护住。后来城里又遭逢大乱，家里为了活下去，连最后这本祖父临死前亲手写下的《新药剂方向探求》一书都只能送出去，只为求个活命。只可惜……”
牛叔脸上突然露出迷茫神情，他揉了揉自己的额头：“奇怪，可能年纪大了，后来发生什么事我都不记得了，就记得城主大人摆平了灾难，大家又开始安稳生活。”
疯药王在虫巢中连连道：“当真是可惜了！这本书我听奥尔帕图说过，他说要在他人生的最后关头，把他在突破药剂方面的预测和推想全部写下来。他当时虽然没能完全研究出突破到十一级的药剂，但他一直都在说他已经找到了正确的路，只是缺一把打开灵感的钥匙。虽然我最后也没听说他打破了真正的桎梏，但是他能写下这本书，就说明他认为他的研究方向有继续深挖的价值。”
疯药王很焦躁地说：“如果我能看到这本书的全文就好了。你快问问这个不肖子孙，他父亲把那本书送给谁了。”
王叶翻看着这十几张药方，似不经意地问牛叔道：“这些药方也是那本书上的吗？”
牛叔收起怅然的表情，道：“算也不算。你手里那十几张药方其实是祖父生命最后几天所写，还没有放入那本书中。我父亲当时送出祖父的著作，觉得这十几张药方和那本书的内容也没有太大关系，又想留个纪念，就留下来了。”
王叶把一共十三张药方快速翻了一遍，又从头翻起：“那你们家把那本《新药剂方向探求》送给谁了？”
牛叔刚要说出名字，又皱起眉头：“你也想要得到那本书吗？以你现在的实力，想要拿到那本书基本不可能。我告诉你，就是害你。”
“是城主吗？”
“当然不是，是当年的五大长老之一。好了，药方已经送给你，你可以离开我们家了。”牛叔突然变脸，拉过孙子，当着几人的面，就把自家大门关上了。
王叶很想向牛叔提问，想知道那本书具体落在了谁手上，可大约是等级相差太大，对方直接判定他不适合做这道题，竟拒绝回答他的问题。
算了，就不节外生枝了，失之我命得之我幸，那本书并不是他进入这个副本的必须追寻物，王叶也懒得在那本书上花精力，就收起药方，又去找那名瞎了一只眼睛的老妇人。
疯药王气得跳脚，转着圈回想五大长老在知识之城的住处，以及最可能拿走那本书的是哪个长老。
炼制药剂还需要原材料。
老妇人看到王叶拿出的药方，给了他一个笑脸。
在王叶表示自己没有足够的药材，无法炼制上面的腐蚀药剂时，老妇人送给了他一份邀请函。
“这是‘圣东郡魔法药剂店’的邀请函，接到邀请函的客人，只要能完成他们给出的题目，根据答题数量和质量，就能得到不同程度的材料馈赠。每天晚上七点整，千万不要迟到。”
老妇人还亲切地拍拍王叶的手背：“孩子，我一看你就不是池中之物，拿着这份邀请函去试试你的实力和运气吧，相信你一定会有一个好的收获。不过拿到药材后，一定要记得回来帮我炼制能腐蚀那石头人的药剂。”
“好。”王叶明白，这份邀请函大约就是这条街道的任务链给出的奖励，也是他下面要闯的关卡。
老妇人还告诉他，当他决定要去这家药剂店时，就把邀请函倒过来打开，再默念一句邀请函上书写的魔法口诀，他就会被直接传送到那家店铺中。
The old woman also told him that when he decided to go to the apothecary, he would open the invitation upside down, and recite the magic mantra written on the invitation, and he would be teleported directly to the shop.
同样，如果他想回来，只要把邀请函正过来打开，再把看到的魔法口诀念上一遍，他就能回到这条街道。
Similarly, if he wanted to come back, he would be able to return to the street by opening the invitation and reciting the magic mantra he saw.
王叶拿着这张邀请函，下意识就联想到了知识之塔送给他的智慧之湖的邀请函。
Wang Ye took this invitation and subconsciously thought of the invitation to the Lake of Wisdom given to him by the Tower of Knowledge.
说来那份邀请函现在还在虫巢里，并没有消失。 That invitation is still in the hive, and it hasn't disappeared.
那么他是不是可以认为，只要拿着那份邀请函也能再次回到知识之塔中？
So can he think that he can return to the Tower of Knowledge again with that invitation?
这点可以暂时放到以后验证。 This can be put to a later date for verification.
疯药王：“原来是圣东郡魔法药剂店，这家药剂店很有名，据传是一位圣级药师所创，所以那家店才敢用圣这个字当店铺名。那家店里的药材确实很齐全，几乎开遍了整个双月星。我们去那边看看，那家店里应该有不少好东西。”
Mad Medicine King: "It turned out to be the magic potion shop of Shengdong County, this potion shop is very famous, it is rumored that it was created by a saint-level pharmacist, so that shop dares to use the word saint as the name of the store." The medicinal herbs in that store are indeed very complete, and almost the entire Double Moon Star is opened. Let's go over there and have a lot of good stuff in that store. ”
王叶收起邀请函，对一直跟着他们的少女笑道：“我已经完美解决了你的问题，现在该你帮我了。”
Wang Ye put away the invitation and smiled at the girl who had been following them: "I have solved your problem perfectly, now it's time for you to help me." ”
“当然。”少女吹了声呼哨，一条大黄狗跑出来，跑到三人身边不断摇尾巴。
"Of course." The girl whistled, and a big yellow dog ran out, running to the three of them and wagging its tail.
少女拍拍黄狗的头：“大黄，带路。” The girl patted the yellow dog on the head: "Rhubarb, lead the way." ”
大黄汪地一声跑在前面。 Rhubarb ran ahead with a thud.
王叶跟在后面无聊，就跟雷木嘀咕：“好像黄色毛皮的狗大多都叫大黄，黑色的就叫大黑。”
Wang Ye was bored after him, so he muttered to Lei Mu: "It seems that most of the dogs with yellow fur are called big yellow, and the black ones are called big black." ”
雷木笑：“我以前也养过一只狗，花色皮毛，我叫它小花。”
Lei Mu smiled: "I also used to have a dog, flower color fur, I call it Xiaohua." ”
王叶：“……那只狗呢？” Wang Ye: "...... What about the dog? ”
雷木淡淡道：“被人打死了，我怕浪费，把它的肉给吃了，皮毛扒下来做衣服，直到烂得再也不能穿。”
Lei Mu said lightly: "I was beaten to death, I was afraid of wasting it, so I ate its meat, and stripped off the fur to make clothes, until it was so rotten that I could no longer wear it." ”
“这个人是谁？”王叶眯起眼睛，在人字上加重语调。 "Who is this man?" Wang Ye narrowed his eyes and accentuated his tone on the herring.
他没问雷木为什么吃那只狗的肉、穿它的皮毛，只从雷木这简单一句话中，其实就能看出雷木当时的处境有多糟糕。
He didn't ask Lei Mu why he ate the dog's meat and wore its fur, just from Lei Mu's simple sentence, he could actually see how bad Lei Mu's situation was at that time.
“我弟。”雷木笑笑，似不在意了。 "My brother." Lei Mu smiled, as if he didn't care.
但他真的不在意吗？如果不在意，为什么他的眼神一片冰冷？
But does he really not care? If he doesn't care, why is his eyes cold?
王叶握住雷木的手：“等我长大了，给你报仇，我们一起把他们最在乎的东西抢过来。”
Wang Ye held Lei Mu's hand: "When I grow up, I will avenge you, and we will snatch the things they care about the most." ”
以他现在的实力想要跟一个帝国、一个帝王斗，那就是开玩笑。
With his current strength, if he wants to fight with an empire and an emperor, it is a joke.
雷木刚想说他对帝位没兴趣。 Lei Mu just wanted to say that he was not interested in the throne.
王叶就道：“夺过来你不想要，我们就把那东西砸到地上，砸个稀巴烂，或者随便送给别人，气死他们！”
Wang Ye said: "If you don't want to take it over, we will smash that thing to the ground, smash it to pieces, or give it to others casually, and them off!" ”
雷木嘴角勾起，缓缓吐出一个字：“好。” The corners of Lei Mu's mouth hooked, and he slowly spit out a word: "Okay." ”
少女很活泼，一路跟他们叽叽喳喳地说话，重点告诉两人，去往垃圾场的安全道路只有大黄知道。因为大黄可以帮着他们避开所有巡逻者和怪物。
The girl is very lively, chattering with them all the way, focusing on telling the two of them that the safe road to the garbage dump is known only to Rhubarb. Because Rhubarb can help them avoid all patrols and monsters.
王叶和雷木互望。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu looked at each other.
看来这座城里的答题任务也不是乱来的，它们很可能一环套一环。如果他们没有完成街道的任务链，就不可能救下大黄。如果没有救下大黄，而他也没有想到请少女帮忙，那他们就没可能安全并快速地去往城市垃圾处理场。
It seems that the answering tasks in this city are not messy, they are likely to be one ring after another. If they don't complete the street's quest chain, it's impossible to save Rhubarb. If Rhubarb hadn't been saved, and he hadn't thought of asking the girl for help, they wouldn't have been able to get to the city's garbage disposal site safely and quickly.
至于王叶为何要去垃圾处理场？ As for why Wang Ye went to the garbage disposal site?
可不是他突然想要捡垃圾。 It's not that he suddenly wants to pick up trash.
而是疯药王想起来那个古法炼金王的魔法塔就在知识之城最大的垃圾处理场旁边。
Instead, the Mad Medicine King remembered that the magic tower of the ancient alchemy king was next to the largest garbage disposal site in the City of Knowledge.
虽然环境不佳，但对于一个炼金师来说那样的地方却非常方便。
Although the environment is not good, it is very convenient for an alchemist to be in such a place.
疯药王还跟两人说，那位炼金王没事最喜欢去翻垃圾堆，还美其名曰寻找灵感。
The Mad Medicine King also told the two that the Alchemy King liked to go to the garbage heap the most, and he also called it looking for inspiration.
“其实他就是个吝啬的。其吝啬程度不亚于小叶子。”疯药王八卦道。
"Actually, he's a stinger. It is no less stingy than a small leaf. The Mad Medicine King gossiped.
王叶没好气道：“那不叫吝啬，那叫精打细算会过日子。就像你这样大手大脚，我就问你，你死的时候留下了多少存款？有多少宝贝？你不是说我是你的传承人吗？除了那本自带毒药的破药典，你还有什么值得拿出来传给我的？有一个国家给我继承吗？没有国家，有个庄园或者一座山也行。有么？你说啊。”
Wang Ye said angrily: "That's not called stinginess, that's called careful planning and will live." As big as you are, I ask you, how much savings did you leave behind when you died? How many treasures are there? Didn't you say I was your heir? Aside from the Broken Pharmacopoeia with its own poison, what else is it worth taking out and passing on to me? Is there a country for me to inherit? There is no country, it is okay to have a manor or a mountain. Is there one? You say. ”
疯药王气得亡灵形状都要维持不住：“那些东西算什么，我最宝贵的就是药典，你这个没眼光的白痴！”
The Mad Medicine King was so angry that he couldn't maintain the shape of the undead: "What are those things, my most precious thing is the pharmacopoeia, you blinding idiot!" ”
王叶呵呵：“你得庆幸得到这本药典并真正接受它传承的是我。否则光是研究怎么解决千木之毒层层毒素的研究经费、制药经费，就能让一个家财千万金币的富户破产。更不要说从头开始学的话，又要付出多少。你就问问你自个，学习魔法和魔法制药的，有几个是真正的穷人？”
Wang Ye hehe: "You have to be glad to get this pharmacopoeia and really accept it is me." Otherwise, just researching how to solve the poison layer upon layer of poison of a thousand trees and pharmaceutical funds can bankrupt a rich man with a fortune of tens of millions of gold coins. Not to mention how much it would cost to learn from scratch. Just ask yourself, how many of the people who study magic and magic medicine are really poor? ”
王叶更斜睨疯药王：“想想看我当时刚入学时的惨状。如果换个人，就算他比我还天才，在中了千木之毒后，你觉得他还有能力赚钱养活自己吗？”
Wang Ye squinted at the mad medicine king: "Think about the miserable situation when I first entered the school. If you change someone, even if he is more talented than me, after being poisoned by a thousand trees, do you think he still has the ability to make money to support himself? ”
疯药王张嘴又闭上。 The Mad Medicine King opened his mouth and closed it.
王叶又冷笑：“所以我最讨厌你们这种生活在象牙塔的大佬，既想要马儿跑，又不给马儿准备粮草，你们想干嘛呢？当钱财都是从天上掉下来的吗？我是吝啬，我是俗气，有本事你有亿万家产给我继承，我保证视金钱魔晶如粪土，每天只埋头于研究中，其他什么事都不管。但你有吗？”
Wang Ye sneered again: "That's why I hate you guys living in ivory towers the most, you want the horses to run, but you don't prepare food and grass for the horses, what do you want to do?" When all money falls from the sky? I'm stingy, I'm cheesy, you have the ability to have hundreds of millions of family properties for me to inherit, I promise to treat money magic crystals like dung, and only bury my head in research every day, and don't care about anything else. But do you have one? ”
“没有亿万家产给我继承，还对我要求多多，还嘲笑我的节省。你知不知道节省是美德？”
"I don't have hundreds of millions of family assets to inherit, and they still ask for a lot from me, and they laugh at my savings. Did you know that saving is a virtue? ”
疯药王憋得受不了，飘到雷木身边戳他：“你不管管他？”
The Mad Medicine King couldn't stand it, and floated to Lei Mu's side to poke him: "You don't care about him? ”
雷木莞尔：“小叶子比我会过日子，我也是手松型。小光它们就更不用说了，它们干起饭来就不懂什么叫节省。金宝和小云成长也需要各种价值不低的营养品，包括药剂和材料等等。就是您老，也需要小叶子给您买功法、配置药剂等等。你看，如果我们家没有小叶子这个会抠唆的，家里很快就要变得赤贫了。”
Lei Mu Wan'er: "Xiao Ye is better than me, and I am also a loose hand." Not to mention them, they don't know what saving is when they start cooking. Jinbao and Xiaoyun also need a variety of valuable nutrients to grow, including medicines and materials. Even if you are old, you also need Xiaoye to buy exercises for you, configure potions, and so on. You see, if we don't have a little leaf in our house, our family will soon become destitute. ”
疯药王：“……” Mad Medicine King: "......"
王叶嘀咕疯药王半天。 Wang Ye muttered to the king of crazy medicine for a long time.
疯药王给他烦得受不了，好不容易从记忆里挖出一个遗产来：“行了行了，不就是遗产吗，好像谁没有似的。除了知识之城这座魔法塔，我其实还有一个封地。”
The mad medicine king annoyed him so much that he couldn't stand it, and finally dug up a legacy from his memory: "Okay, okay, isn't it an inheritance, as if no one has it." In addition to the magic tower of the City of Knowledge, I actually have a fiefdom. ”
王叶的唠叨迅速停止，又惊讶又高兴地说：“您老刚才说什么？您老还有一个封地？”
Wang Ye's nagging quickly stopped, and he said in surprise and joy: "What did you just say?" Do you still have a fiefdom? ”
疯药王干咳：“我原本就是一个国家的贵族后代，在我成为药帅以后，该国的国王就封给我一个爵位和一个封地。在我成为药王后，我的爵位也提升到了侯爵位，封地虽然没有扩大，但变成了永久封地，只要是我的后人或我认可的传人，就能继承我的封地和爵位。但我对管理封地不感兴趣，那里我基本就没怎么去过。”
The mad medicine king coughed dryly: "I was originally a noble descendant of a country, and after I became the medicine marshal, the king of the country gave me a knighthood and a fief. After I became the King of Medicine, my title was also elevated to the rank of Marquis, and although the fief was not expanded, it became a permanent fief, and as long as it was my descendant or a successor I recognized, he could inherit my fief and title. But I'm not interested in managing a fiefdom, and I've barely been there. ”
“您老最后不是在那个封地上过的吗？” "Didn't you end up in that fiefdom?"
疯药王摇头：“不是。我那时非常需要一个安静不受打扰又生活方便的环境，我选择了一个繁华的大城市，在那里买下一套房子，但那里的人都不知道我是谁。不过我的药典会流传出来，想来那套房子已经被发现，我的尸体大概也被发现了。只是发现我尸体的人很可能不知道我是谁，也不知道那本药典的宝贵，才会让药典流落了那么多年。”
The Mad Medicine King shook his head: "No." I was in dire need of a quiet, undisturbed and convenient environment, so I chose a big bustling city and bought a house there, but no one there knew who I was. But my pharmacopoeia will circulate, and I think that the house has been found, and my body has probably been found. It's just that the person who found my body probably didn't know who I was, and didn't know the preciousness of that pharmacopoeia, that made the pharmacopoeia wander for so many years. ”
王叶莫名感到了一丝凄凉，一位死前都已经达到圣级的药圣，竟然就那么无声无息地死去，死后尸体说不定都没有能好好埋葬，而身上存留的一切都被人随便搜刮，就连一生的心血可能都被人当废料卖了。
Wang Ye inexplicably felt a trace of desolation, a medicine saint who had reached the holy level before his death, died so silently, and the body may not have been able to be buried properly after death, and everything that remained on his body was casually looted, and even the hard work of his life may have been sold as waste.
疯药王对此却很豁达：“谁人能无一死？死后皮囊不过是一堆衰老的烂肉。而我当时身上也没多少财产了，就如你所说，研究非常花钱，我最后连空间戒指都卖了，不过那也跟我知道自己快死了有关。”
The Mad Medicine King is very open-minded about this: "Who can die without one? After death, the skin is nothing more than a pile of rotten flesh of aging. And I didn't have much money on me at the time, as you said, research was very expensive, and I even sold the space ring in the end, but that also had to do with the fact that I knew I was dying. ”
“我当时选择那里，并没有做任何准备，其实就抱着一种随缘的态度。我死前没能看中任何一名弟子，死后我也不知道该如何挑选出适合的弟子，那么一切随缘分也挺好。如果我的药典和我的传承真的不能流传下去，那也只能说是这个世界的损失。”
"I chose there without any preparation, but with a casual attitude. I didn't have a crush on any of my disciples before I died, and I didn't know how to pick out the right disciples after I died, so everything was just as fate would have been. If my pharmacopoeia and my heritage really can't be passed on, it can only be said to be a loss to the world. ”
王叶：“……”上辈子你的药典和你的传承就那么消失在火山里，包括你的灵魂。
Wang Ye: "...... in your previous life, your pharmacopoeia and your inheritance disappeared into the volcano, including your soul.
“这都两百六十多年过去了，您老就算有个封地也失效了吧？”王叶道。
"It's been more than two hundred and sixty years, and even if you have a fief, it's invalid, right?" Wang Ye said.
疯药王：“所以我之前一直没跟你提过。那个国家还在不在我都不知道。”
Mad Medicine King: "That's why I haven't mentioned it to you before. I don't even know if that country is still there. ”
王叶也不是很指望地随口问道：“那个国家叫什么名字？”
Wang Ye also asked casually not very hopefully, "What is the name of that country?" ”
“银月王国。” "Silvermoon Kingdom."
王叶和雷木同时抬头看向疯药王。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu looked up at the Mad Medicine King at the same time.
疯药王还一脸回忆的表情说：“我还记得当时的王室姓撒。”
The Mad Medicine King also said with a reminiscent expression: "I still remember the royal family's surname at that time. ”
王叶和雷木：“……” Wang Ye and Lei Mu: "......"
第172章 找到垃圾山 Chapter 172: Find the Mountain of Garbage
疯药王听说自己的祖国竟然从王国变成帝国，感叹了半天。
When the Mad Medicine King heard that his homeland had turned from a kingdom to an empire, he sighed for a long time.
“你是我的传人，按照我和当年那位国王的约定，那块封地现在就应该属于你。”
"You are my heir, and according to the agreement between me and the king back then, that fief should belong to you now."
“有什么书面证明吗？” "Any written proof?"
“当然，这种封疆裂土的大事怎么可能没有书面证明。不但有，还有魔法约束，只要是王室血脉，不管是哪一位成为国王，他都必须承认这份契约。”
"Of course, how can such a major event of fiefdom and land splitting not be proved in writing. Not only that, but there are also magical constraints, as long as it is royal blood, no matter which one becomes the king, he must recognize this contract. ”
王叶眼睛亮闪闪，看着雷木。 Wang Ye's eyes were shining, and he looked at Lei Mu.
雷木太明白小叶子的心思，揉揉他的脑袋，没说话。 Lei Mu understood Xiao Yezi's thoughts too much, rubbed his head, and didn't speak.
“证明在哪里？”王叶问。 "Where's the proof?" Wang Ye asked.
疯药王嘿嘿一笑：“就在我的封地里，只要念出我和那位国王约定的魔法咒语，那契约就会出现，同时那位国王的血脉也能感应到这份契约。而谁能知道魔法口诀就相当于是我承认的传人。按照当初约定，如果国王血脉想不履行这份契约，他就得付出同等代价赔偿我的传人。”
The Mad Medicine King smiled: "In my fiefdom, as long as I recite the magic spell I agreed with that king, the contract will appear, and at the same time, the king's bloodline can also sense this contract." And whoever knows the magic mantra is equivalent to the heir I recognize. According to the original agreement, if the king's bloodline wants not to fulfill this contract, he will have to pay the same price to compensate my heirs. ”
“不过你说现在的王国变成了帝国，目前这位撒尔曼大帝还是一个很厉害的超凡者，那你就要小心了。这种人会履行契约，但他一定会要你实现一定价值，为他服务，效忠于他。”
"But you said that the current kingdom has become an empire, and the current Salman the Great is still a very powerful transcendent, then you have to be careful. This kind of person will fulfill the contract, but he will definitely ask you to fulfill a certain value, serve him, and be loyal to him. ”
王叶忽然对雷木单膝跪下，握住他的一只手，正儿八经地说：“我的陛下啊，我愿意效忠你，我的灵魂和我的生命都将与你同在。你剑之所向，就是我的使命所在！我会为你踏平一切障碍，为你开疆扩土，夺回属于你的一切。”
Wang Ye suddenly knelt down on one knee to Lei Mu, held one of his hands, and said solemnly: "My majesty, I am willing to be loyal to you, and my soul and my life will be with you. Where you go with your sword, that's where my mission lies! I will clear all obstacles for you, expand your territory, and take back everything that belongs to you. ”
雷木啼笑皆非。 Lei Mu laughed and laughed.
疯药王哈哈大笑，他不知道雷木身世，只当王叶在拿雷木演戏。
The mad medicine king laughed, he didn't know Lei Mu's background, he only thought that Wang Ye was acting with Lei Mu.
银月帝国那边的封地要拿，但肯定不是现在。 The fief on the side of the Silver Moon Empire wants to be taken, but it is certainly not now.
王叶现在的实力只相当于双月星人的三级到四级之间，也许他能发挥出来的实力更高，但别人只会看他的表面实力。
Wang Ye's current strength is only equivalent to the third and fourth levels of the Twin Moon Star People, maybe the strength he can exert is even higher, but others will only look at his surface strength.
他现在跑去说他是疯药王的继承人，想要继承他的永久封地，都不用那位大帝出手，就有人会为了那块封地和疯药王的传承灭了他。
He now ran to say that he was the heir of the Mad Medicine King, and if he wanted to inherit his permanent fief, he didn't need that emperor to make a move, someone would kill him for the sake of that fief and the inheritance of the Mad Medicine King.
所以他要去银月帝国亮相，必须是他功成名就，达到让那位撒尔曼大帝都不能随便动他的程度才行。
Therefore, if he wants to appear in the Silver Moon Empire, he must be successful enough to make that the Salman Emperor can't touch him casually.
更不要说王叶还和兰道大美人也有了师徒关系，如果他不趁着那位大帝什么都不知道的时候好好提升自己，等将来暴露了他和兰道教授的关系，真的很难说那位大帝会怎么对他。
Not to mention that Wang Ye also has a master-apprentice relationship with the Great Beauty of Landau, if he doesn't take advantage of the fact that the Great Emperor doesn't know anything, to improve himself, and when his relationship with Professor Landau is exposed in the future, it is really difficult to say what the Great Emperor will do to him.
少女忽然抬起手臂，做出了不要说话不要动的动作。 The girl suddenly raised her arm and made a gesture not to speak or move.
前面带路的大黄也静悄悄地往后退了一步。 The rhubarb who led the way in front also quietly took a step back.
少女示意王叶和雷木蹲下，她自己也同样。 The girl motioned for Wang Ye and Lei Mu to squat down, and she did the same herself.
两人依言行事。 The two of them did as they were told.
王叶忽有所感。 Wang Ye suddenly felt something.
过了大约一分钟，少女才重新站起，吐气道：“刚才有巡逻者经过。它的侦测半径大约有十米。城主不喜欢城民离开自己的居住区域到处乱跑，更不喜欢违反规则的外来者。如果让巡逻者发现乱跑的城民和违反规则的外来者，它首先会攻击我们身上的储物工具，然后还会通知惩罚者过来惩罚我们。所以一定不能被它发现。”
After about a minute, the girl got back to her feet and exhaled, "There were patrolmen passing by just now. It has a detection radius of approximately ten meters. The lord of the castle did not like the citizens to run around leaving his living area, and he did not like outsiders who broke the rules. If the Rangers spot running citizens and outsiders breaking the rules, it will first attack our storage and then notify the Punisher to come and punish us. So it must not be discovered by it. ”
“巡逻者是每个区域一个吗？” "Is there one Ranger per area?"
“不是，它们会依次巡逻整座城市，一个经过，大约一定时间后，就会有另一个经过。不过到底间隔多长时间，以及有多少巡逻者，除了城主，谁也不知道。大约是不想大家摸清巡逻者的巡逻规律吧。但据说如果有外来者违反规则，巡逻者很快就会出现。”少女还叮嘱两人，千万不要违反规则。
"No, they patrol the whole city in turn, one passes, and after a certain time, another passes. However, the exact interval was long, and how many patrols there were, no one except the city lord did not know. I guess I don't want everyone to find out the patrol rules of the patrolmen. But it is said that if an outsider breaks the rules, the patrolman will soon appear. The girl also told the two of them not to break the rules.
王叶表示知道。 Wang Ye said he knew.
几人继续跟着大黄前行。 Several people continued to follow Rhubarb.
途中也有遇到其他城民的时候，但看到少女和大黄与王叶雷木同行，那些城民约莫以为王叶两人正在做题，就没有跳出来拦阻他们。
On the way, there were times when they met other city residents, but when they saw the girl and Rhubarb walking with Wang Ye Lei Mu, those city citizens probably thought that Wang Ye and the two were doing a question, so they didn't jump out to stop them.
大黄不但能查知巡逻者，它还能躲避怪物，甚至和怪物交涉。
Not only can Rhubarb detect patrols, but it can also evade monsters and even negotiate with them.
有时候前面明明是一条直路，大黄却带着他们走别人家的院子里穿过，有几次还跳上了屋顶。
Sometimes, when there was a straight road ahead, Rhubarb led them through other people's yards, and on a few occasions even jumped on rooftops.
经过一条小河时，河面上明明有石桥，大黄却跳进河水里，游向对岸。
When passing a small river, there was a stone bridge on the river, but Rhubarb jumped into the river and swam to the opposite bank.
王叶盯着河水里密密麻麻的怪物，无法想象怪物竟然密集到这种程度。
“不要动手，不管发生什么事，都不要动手，进入河水后也不要说话。跟我来。”少女警告两人。
"Don't use your hands, no matter what happens, don't use your hands, and don't talk when you enter the river. Follow me. The girl warned the two.
少女也跟在大黄身后踩入河水里。 The girl also stepped into the river after Rhubarb.
少女回头招手，示意跟着她游。 The girl beckoned back and motioned to swim with her.
王叶一咬牙，跟着进入河水。 Wang Ye gritted his teeth and followed into the river.
雷木随后。 Remu followed.
结果那些看着像是河童变异的可怕怪物竟然理都没理他们，任由他们从它们身边挤过。
As a result, the horrible monsters that looked like kappa mutations ignored them and let them squeeze past them.
但河水里不止这些怪物，还有大量的蚂蟥一样的湿滑虫子，这些虫子全都往几人身上爬。
But there were not only these monsters in the river, but also a large number of slippery bugs like leeches, all of which crawled on several people.
王叶看少女没有任何动作，他也跟着忍了，任由那些虫子爬遍全身。他身上一直挂着因果循环，结果他发现那些虫子在吸食他的能量。
Wang Ye saw that the girl didn't make any movements, so he endured it and let those insects crawl all over his body. He had a cycle of cause and effect hanging on his body, and it turned out that the bugs were sucking his energy.
王叶感觉到那少女似乎没有做任何防守，身上也没有任何能量波动。他一狠心撤销了身上的防护力量，任由那些蚂蟥虫直接接触他的皮肤。
Wang Ye felt that the girl didn't seem to be doing any defense, and there was no energy fluctuation on her body. He ruthlessly withdrew the protective power on his body, allowing the leeches to directly touch his skin.
无数蚂蟥虫在身上爬动的感觉，真的是太可怕！ The feeling of countless leeches crawling on the body is really terrifying!
到了对岸，大黄用力抖动皮毛，抖下来一堆湿滑的蚂蟥虫。
When they reached the opposite bank, Rhubarb shook his fur vigorously and shook off a pile of slippery leeches.
少女上岸也跺了跺脚，同样跺下一堆。 The girl went ashore and stamped her feet, and also stamped a heap.
王叶上了岸，又蹦又跳，他还想用双手拍打。 Wang Ye went ashore, jumping and jumping, and he wanted to slap with both hands.
少女立刻制止他：“不要弄死这些虫子，离开河道，它们自己会离开我们。但你要是弄死它们，哪怕只有一只，它们就会变身，还会一直纠缠你，不把你的能量吸食干净就不会放过你。”
The maiden immediately stopped him: "Don't kill these bugs, leave the river, they will leave us on their own." But if you kill them, even if it's just one, they'll transform and they'll keep pestering you, and they won't let you go until they drain your energy. ”
王叶感觉到最后一只蚂蟥虫也从身上离开，终于吐出一口气。他么的，太难受了！
Wang Ye felt the last leech also leave his body, and finally exhaled a breath. What the hell, it's so uncomfortable!
王叶回头看雷木。 Wang Ye looked back at Lei Mu.
却发现雷木身上干干净净，竟然没有一只蚂蟥虫爬到他身上。
found that Lei Mu's body was clean, and not a single leech crawled on him.
少女也无比羡慕地偷看雷木，但她有点恐惧雷木，不敢和他说话，只对王叶道：“走吧，过了这条河，再过一条街，就是这座城最大的垃圾场，也到了这座城的边沿。不要试图出城哦，出城即死。”
“放心，我们不会出城。”因为规则限制，他们就是想出去也出不去。
"Don't worry, we won't be out of town." Because of the rules, they can't get out even if they want to.
到了这里，王叶发现来往的城市傀儡数量变多。 When he arrived here, Wang Ye found that the number of puppets in the city had increased.
不少傀儡推着垃圾车往这边走。 Quite a few puppets pushed garbage trucks in this direction.
也有傀儡推着空掉的垃圾车进入城中。 There are also puppets pushing empty garbage trucks into the city.
而这条街道竟然全都是卖食物的，只不过街道里没有多少客人，店家们看着都有些懒散。
And this street is all selling food, but there are not many customers on the street, and the shops look a little lazy.
见到王叶一行经过，这些店家中竟然有少数人跑出来招呼他们，还有人拿出试吃的食物请他们免费吃。
Seeing Wang Ye and his entourage passing by, a few people in these shops ran out to greet them, and some people took out the food they tried and invited them to eat for free.
大黄发出吠叫声，对想要靠近它和少女的店家发出威胁的低吼。
Rhubarb lets out a bark and growls threateningly at the shopkeepers who want to get close to it and the girl.
少女吞咽口水，交代两人：“不要吃这里的魔食，除非你们想留在这里干活。在这里干活可辛苦了，吃得少拿得少，还有生命危险。”
The girl swallowed her saliva and confessed to the two of them: "Don't eat the devil's food here, unless you want to stay and work here." It's hard to work here, you have to eat less, you get less, and your life is in danger. ”
一行人加快脚步，大黄在这条街上吼了一路。奇妙的是，这条街道的店家似乎都有些忌惮大黄，明明大黄看着就是一只普通的大狗。
The group quickened their pace, and Rhubarb roared all the way down the street. The wonderful thing is that the shops on this street seem to be a little afraid of rhubarb, which looks like an ordinary big dog.
王叶猜测没有大黄，他们很可能会无法走出这条街道。 Wang Ye guessed that without rhubarb, they would probably not be able to get out of this street.
过了这条街道，前面豁然开朗。 After crossing this street, the front suddenly opened up.
王叶和雷木都没想到他们竟然会在一座城市中看到无尽的沙漠。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu didn't expect that they would see an endless desert in a city.
而沙漠边沿和城市交界的地方则有一座宛如美人横卧的山。
At the edge of the desert and the border of the city, there is a mountain that looks like a beautiful woman.
这座山完全由垃圾形成。 The mountain is formed entirely from garbage.
来来往往的傀儡不断运送垃圾，分门别类倒到指定地点。
Puppets come and go to transport garbage, which is sorted and dumped at designated places.
而这些没人处理的垃圾在不断增多，为这位横卧的美人不断增加体积。
And the amount of garbage that no one has to deal with is constantly increasing, adding volume to this recumbent beauty.
“垃圾场到了，我的奖励。”少女伸出手。 "The junkyard has arrived, my reward." The girl held out her hand.
大黄也盯住两人。 Rhubarb also stared at the two.
王叶立刻把粉红绒毛兔子放到少女手里，“谢谢。” Wang Ye immediately put the pink fluffy rabbit in the girl's hand, "Thank you." ”
少女甜甜一笑，把绒毛兔子抱进怀里，还用脸蛋蹭了蹭，很是喜欢的模样。
The girl smiled sweetly, took the fluffy rabbit into her arms, and rubbed her face against it, which she liked very much.
王叶想到少女刚才经过美食街的嘴馋模样，摸出一个纸袋子递给少女：“送给你，我自己做的魔食，没什么特别作用，就是口味还行。”
Wang Ye thought of the girl's greedy appearance when she passed by the food street just now, and took out a paper bag and handed it to the girl: "Give it to you, the magic food I made myself, it has no special effect, but the taste is okay." ”
少女打开纸袋，一股蜂蜜的甘甜味道扑面而至，少女看到里面的蜂蜜蛋糕，高兴得跳了一下。
The girl opened the paper bag, and a sweet smell of honey came to her face, and the girl jumped for joy when she saw the honey cake inside.
王叶看大黄眼巴巴地看着他，干脆又拿出一块烤肉，递给大黄。
Wang Ye looked at Rhubarb with blank eyes, and simply took out another piece of barbecue meat and handed it to Rhubarb.
大黄啊呜一口咬了过去。 Rhubarb took a bite of it.
眼看王叶和雷木就要走向那座垃圾山，大黄汪地一声叫。
Seeing that Wang Ye and Lei Mu were about to walk towards the garbage mountain, the big rhubarb screamed.
“等等！”少女叫住两人：“垃圾山有管理者，如果你们不经管理者的同意，随便拿取垃圾山的东西，不管是什么，都会被追杀哦。”
"Wait!" The girl stopped the two of them: "There is a manager in the garbage mountain, if you take the things in the garbage mountain without the consent of the manager, no matter what it is, you will be hunted down." ”
大黄：“汪！” Rhubarb: "Wang! ”
少女抱紧粉红绒毛兔子，又看了看装有蜂蜜蛋糕的纸袋子，犹豫了两秒，莫头莫脑地说了一句：“它喜欢音乐。”
The girl hugged the pink fluffy rabbit tightly, looked at the paper bag containing the honey cake again, hesitated for two seconds, and said indifferently: "It likes music." ”
说完，少女就头也不回的和大黄一起原路返回了。 After saying that, the girl went back the same way with Rhubarb without looking back.
王叶原本没打算去垃圾山，他只是想以这里做坐标来寻找那位炼金王的魔法塔。
Wang Ye originally didn't plan to go to the Junk Mountain, he just wanted to use this place as a coordinate to find the Alchemy King's magic tower.
但目前为止，他看遍周围，也没有看到类似魔法塔的存在。
But so far, he has looked around, and he has not seen anything like a magic tower.
刚刚他还想询问少女，可惜少女和她的大狗跑得太快。 Just now he wanted to ask the girl, but unfortunately the girl and her big dog ran too fast.
“你对这里熟悉吗？”王叶问。 "Are you familiar with this place?" Wang Ye asked.
虫巢内，看着外面风景的疯药王一脸回忆地说：“这里倒是没有什么改变，知识之城其实就是建立在一片沙漠中，这个秘境一开始什么都没有，只有大量的沙子。据说有人曾挖掘过这里的沙子，想要在这里寻找矿物和生物，可惜什么都没找到。不过这里的沙子品质不错，用好了也是不错的材料。”
Inside the hive, the Mad Medicine King, who looked at the scenery outside, said with a reminiscent face: "There is nothing that has changed here, the City of Knowledge is actually established in a desert, and this secret realm has nothing at first, only a large amount of sand. It is said that someone once dug up the sand here in search of minerals and creatures, but unfortunately found nothing. However, the sand here is of good quality, and it is also a good material when used well. ”
王叶弯腰抓起一把沙子，细细感知：“这是……骨沙？”
Wang Ye bent down and grabbed a handful of sand, and carefully perceived: "This is ...... Bone sand? ”
疯药王发出神经质的笑声：“见识不错。对，这些沙子都是骨沙。因为这些骨沙，魔法界一直猜测这个秘境要么发生过可怕的战争，要么就是一个屠宰场。可惜大家无法分析出这些骨沙都来自哪些生物，这些骨沙的构成有些像人类、有些像魔兽，有些则很难断定到底来自什么生物，也可能这些骨沙来自很多种生物。”
The Mad Medicine King let out a nervous laugh: "Good insight. Yes, it's bone sand. Because of these bone sands, the wizarding world has always speculated that this secret realm has either had a terrible war or is a slaughterhouse. It's a pity that you can't analyze which creatures these bone sand come from, some of these bone sand are composed of humans, some like magical beasts, and some are difficult to determine what kind of creatures they come from, or maybe these bone sand come from many kinds of creatures. ”
王叶瞭望周围，呢喃：“像是一个大型魔法造成。瞬间把所有生物都变成了骨沙。”
Wang Ye looked around and muttered, "It's like a large-scale magic creation." Instantly turned all living things into bone sand. ”
“如果真是魔法，这一定是不被允许使用的禁忌魔法。”疯药王收起神经质的笑声，神色竟然还有些严肃：“双月星有很多秘境，这是双月星的奇迹，也同时昭显出双月星的历史隐藏着一个非常可怕非常巨大的秘密。”
"If it's magic, it's forbidden magic." The Mad Medicine King put away his nervous laughter, and his expression was still a little serious: "The Twin Moon Star has many secret realms, this is the miracle of the Twin Moon Star, and it also shows that the history of the Twin Moon Star hides a very terrifying and very huge secret. ”
王叶竖起耳朵，他下意识觉得疯药王现在说的事情很重要。
Wang Ye pricked up his ears, he subconsciously felt that what the Mad Medicine King was saying now was very important.
“这么多年，魔法界陆陆续续发现了不少秘境，但有的秘境空空荡荡，什么都没有。有的则生存着一些特殊种族，比如精灵族、巨人族、龙人族，还有虫人族等等，也有人族。这些种族有的和我们双月星文化存在巨大差异，有的种族语法竟然与双月星的古语法极为近似。”
"Over the years, the wizarding world has discovered many secret realms one after another, but some of them are empty and empty. Some have some special races, such as elves, giants, dragons, zergs, etc., and there are also human races. Some of these races are very different from our Twin Moon Star culture, and some of them have a very similar grammar to the ancient grammar of Twin Moon Stars. ”
“经过历史学家和秘境探索者的研究和大胆推测，双月星的超凡者们，包括那些秘境的种族，都认为双月星曾经发生过一次重大变故，导致生活在双月星的很多种族封闭了自己的生存族地，这种封闭就形成了一个个独立却又与双月星连接的秘境。”
"After the research and bold speculation of historians and explorers of the secret realm, the transcendents of the Twin Moon Stars, including those races in the secret realm, believe that the Twin Moon Stars once had a major accident, causing many races living in the Twin Moon Stars to close their own survival races, and this closure has formed an independent but connected secret realm with the Twin Moon Stars."
疯药王幽幽一叹：“像知识之城这样时间流速不一样的秘境，很多超凡者都怀疑这并不是自然形成，而是通过魔法、通过一种我们现在还无法做到的炼金术，特意创造出来的。就好像一个巨大的次空间魔器，里面的一切规则都由炼制者来决定。”
The Mad Medicine King sighed faintly: "In a secret realm like the City of Knowledge, where the speed of time is different, many transcendents suspect that this is not a natural formation, but a deliberate creation through magic, through an alchemy that we can't do now. It's like a huge subspace magic weapon, and all the rules in it are decided by the refiner. ”
王叶了然：“你是说曾经在这个秘境里生活的生灵，随着这个秘境炼制者死亡，也跟着一起死亡了？而因为某种契约和魔法作用，这些死亡的生灵全都在瞬间变成了骨沙。”
Wang Ye was clear: "Are you saying that the creatures that once lived in this secret realm died with the death of the refiner of this secret realm?" And because of some kind of contract and magic, these dead creatures were all turned into bone sand in an instant. ”
疯药王用沉默代替了回答。 The Mad Medicine King replaced his answer with silence.
“确实很有可能。”王叶摸摸下巴。 "It's quite possible." Wang Ye touched his chin.
疯药王满脸惆怅地道：“明白了吗，如果这些推测都是真的，就说明我们双月星在远古时期很可能拥有比现在更伟大、更精深、更了不得的文明。那时也许早有人突破十级，成为半神乃至真正的神灵一样的存在。至少知识之城这样的时间秘境，让我们现在任何一个超凡者来炼制，都不可能炼制出来。这对于现在的我们来说，就是神灵一般的能力。”
The Mad Medicine King said with a melancholy face: "Understood, if these speculations are true, it means that our Twin Moon Star is likely to have a greater, more profound, and more remarkable civilization in the ancient period than it is now." At that time, there may have been people who had broken through the tenth level and become demigods or even true gods. At least in a secret realm of time like the City of Knowledge, it is impossible for any of our transcendent beings to refine it. For us now, this is the ability of gods. ”
王叶：“所以某些老怪物才会那么疯狂，因为他们认为前人有人做到过？只是因为历史变迁、文明传承断裂，导致成神的方法没有流传下来？”
Wang Ye: "That's why some old monsters are so crazy, because they think someone has done it before?" Is it just because of historical changes and the rupture of civilization inheritance that the method of becoming a god has not been handed down? ”
“对。超凡者界很喜欢到处寻找秘境，他们不少人都认为成神的契机就藏在某个秘境中。一旦有新的秘境被发现，他们都会千方百计想要进去探索，不过有些秘境却不是那么容易进去。”
"Yes. The transcendent realm likes to look for secret realms everywhere, and many of them believe that the opportunity to become gods is hidden in a secret realm. Once a new secret realm is discovered, they will do everything possible to explore it, but some secret realms are not so easy to enter. ”
王叶顿时想到地球冒充蓝星群岛秘境，而双月星人为了进入蓝星群岛或得到更多蓝星群岛的秘密，对地球玩家各种追捕和勾搭，以至于在后来闹出各种爱恨情仇。
Wang Ye suddenly thought that the Earth was pretending to be the secret realm of the Blue Star Islands, and the people of the Double Moon Star pursued and hooked up with the Earth players in order to enter the Blue Star Islands or get more secrets of the Blue Star Islands, so that all kinds of love and hatred broke out later.
原来这是早有铺垫了吗？ It turns out that this is a foreshadowing?
“您听过伪神秘境吗？”王叶问。 "Have you ever heard of the Pseudo-Mystery?" Wang Ye asked.
疯药王一愣：“什么秘境？” The Mad Medicine King was stunned: "What secret realm?" ”
王叶心中突然一凝，迅速改口：“我昨晚做梦时梦到一个秘境，名字是突然出现在我脑中的，大概是日有所思夜有所梦，乱想的，你不用介意。”
Wang Ye's heart suddenly froze, and he quickly changed his words: "I dreamed of a secret realm when I dreamed last night, and the name suddenly appeared in my mind, probably thinking about it day and night, thinking about it, you don't have to mind." ”
疯药王嘀咕：“伪神秘境，没听过。你也别乱想，你才三级，距离十级都还遥不可及，更别说成神了。”
The Mad Medicine King muttered: "Pseudo-mysterious realm, I haven't heard of it." Don't think about it, you're only level three, and you're still far from level ten, let alone becoming a god. ”
“我知道。”王叶心惊，他发誓刚才在他说出“伪神秘境”四个字时，绝对有什么盯上了他！
"I know." Wang Ye was shocked, he swore that when he said the words "pseudo-mysterious realm" just now, there was definitely something staring at him!
王叶爆出一身冷汗。 Wang Ye broke out in a cold sweat.
伪神秘境是上辈子他曾经去过也是唯一一个去过的九十九级副本。
The pseudo-mystical realm was the ninety-ninth level dungeon he had been to in his previous life, and he was the only one he had ever visited.
地狱级副本。 Hellish dungeon.
传说玩家想要从九十九级升到一百级，契机就在这个副本中。
Legend has it that players want to go from level 99 to level 100, and the opportunity is in this dungeon.
因为疯药王刚刚不断提到成神和秘境，他一下就想到了这个副本。
Because the Mad Medicine King had just kept mentioning becoming a god and the secret realm, he immediately thought of this copy.
他没能从这个副本中找到如何升到一百级的方法，在副本中的惨烈过程更是不想回忆，但那把元宇宙钥匙就是从这个伪神秘境中获得。
He couldn't find a way to reach level 100 from this dungeon, and he didn't want to remember the tragic process in the dungeon, but the key to the metaverse was obtained from this pseudo-mysterious realm.
而疯药王没有听过这个秘境的名字，就证明这个秘境很可能在疯药王的时代从没有出现过。甚至现在也都还没有出现，而是十五年后才被发现。
And the fact that the Mad Medicine King had not heard the name of this secret realm proved that this secret realm probably never appeared in the era of the Mad Medicine King. It hasn't even appeared yet, but was only discovered fifteen years later.
因为游戏中，就是上辈子的十五年后才推出这个秘境副本。
Because in the game, this secret realm dungeon was launched fifteen years after the previous life.
王叶后悔，他不知道自己说出这个秘境名称是否会引起某些老怪物的注意，但他肯定已经引起系统注意。
Wang Ye regretted it, he didn't know if he would attract the attention of some old monsters by saying the name of this secret realm, but he had definitely attracted the attention of the system.
除非……游戏系统也不知道伪神秘境。 Unless...... The game system also doesn't know the pseudo-mystical realm.
这也是很有可能的。 It's also quite possible.
因为这是一个真实世界，很可能游戏系统也在根据世界的实际变化而在暗中不断升级。
Because this is a real world, it is likely that the game system is also secretly constantly upgrading according to the actual changes in the world.
比如，双月星现在还没有发现伪神秘境，系统中就没有这个秘境副本。
For example, the Twin Moon Star has not yet discovered the pseudo-mysterious realm, and there is no copy of this secret realm in the system.
直到十五年后，炼制游戏系统的存在发现了伪神秘境，才把这个秘境也纳入游戏副本范围。
It wasn't until fifteen years later that the existence of the refining game system discovered the pseudo-mysterious realm, and this secret realm was also included in the scope of the game dungeon.
王叶理清思绪，稍微安心了点，但他同时也警告自己，以后说话一定要小心。
Wang Ye cleared his thoughts and felt a little relieved, but he also warned himself that he must be careful when he speaks in the future.
“咳，不说秘境了。你看你能找到那个炼金王的魔法塔吗？”王叶转移话题。
"Ahem, let's not talk about the secret realm. Do you think you can find the Alchemy King's magic tower? Wang Ye changed the subject.
疯药王也只当王叶真的只是做了一个梦，把注意力重新放回垃圾山周围环境：“原本是在西边，但现在……”
The Crazy Medicine King only thought that Wang Ye was really just having a dream, and returned his attention to the surroundings of the garbage mountain: "It was originally in the west, but now it ......"
西边什么都没有，就是一片沙漠。 To the west there is nothing but a desert.
雷木见王叶为难，提议道：“我们可以先和垃圾山的管理者接触看看，也许它知道什么。就算它什么都不知道，我们也可以在这里找一些材料。”
Seeing that Wang Ye was embarrassed, Lei Mu proposed, "We can contact the manager of the garbage mountain first, maybe it knows something." Even if it doesn't know anything, we can find some material here. ”
雷木已经看到垃圾山边沿有不少坏掉的傀儡肢体。 Raymu had seen a number of broken puppet limbs along the edge of the garbage mountain.
第173章 个人演唱会 Chapter 173: Solo Concert
王叶对雷木挤挤眼，拿出了二胡。 Wang Ye squeezed his eyes at Lei Mu and took out the erhu.
既然这里的管理者喜欢音乐，那就用音乐来勾搭对方吧。
Since the managers here love music, let's use music to hook up with each other.
“It'sbeenalongdaywithoutyoumyfri
第174章 炼金王的遗书 Chapter 174: The Alchemy King's Suicide Letter
雷木忽然道：“那小海王为什么一定要用音乐来唤醒这位炼金王？它为什么这么放心地就让我们接触到这位？它不怕我们杀死这位或不小心把这位弄得灵魂溃散吗？”
Lei Mu suddenly said, "Then why does the little Sea King have to use music to wake up this Alchemy King?" Why did it so reassuringly let us reach this one? Isn't it afraid that we will kill this person or accidentally break this person's soul? ”
王叶和疯药王陷入沉思。 Wang Ye and the Mad Medicine King fell into deep thought.
疯药王到底比王叶和雷木活得久见得多，他思索片刻，就想到了什么。
In the end, the mad medicine king lived much longer than Wang Ye and Lei Mu, and after thinking for a moment, he thought of something.
“当年城里所有比较有能力的专业大师几乎都在研究与长生和突破有关的相关知识，我记得靳元辉曾在一次最高等级专业大师的聚会中提出一种可能，名为返青。”
"At that time, almost all the more capable professional masters in the city were studying the relevant knowledge related to immortality and breakthroughs, and I remember that Jin Yuanhui once proposed a possibility called rejuvenation at a gathering of the highest-level professional masters."
“他认为昆虫和一些动物会在冬天冬眠，宛如死去一样不吃不动，直到来年春天再复苏，就是一种让生命尽量延续的方法。他还拿乌龟等生物举例，表示很多长寿的动物都不喜欢动弹，会长时间睡眠。包括长寿族的树人族和龙人族，其实也是经常处于睡眠状态的种族。”
He believes that insects and some animals hibernate in the winter, as if they were dead, and do not eat or move until they are revived the following spring, is a way to keep life alive as much as possible. He also used turtles and other creatures as examples, saying that many long-lived animals do not like to move and sleep for long periods of time. Including the longevity of the Treant and Dragon, in fact, they are also races that are often asleep. ”
“他还提到一些生物包括人类都有自愈能力，但这种自愈能力却随着人类年龄变老逐渐变差。但偶尔也会有老人头发返青、长出新牙等状况出现，这种就是一种人体功能的复苏。”
He also mentioned that some creatures, including humans, have the ability to heal themselves, but this ability to heal gradually deteriorates as humans age. However, there are occasional conditions such as the return of hair and the growth of new teeth in the elderly, which is a kind of revival of human body functions. ”
“于是，靳元辉提出人类的身体其实具有轮回复苏的可能，只是你要活到某个时间点，身体中还要有足够的能量让你的身体器官能够返青。
So, Jin Yuanhui proposed that the human body actually has the possibility of reincarnation, but if you have to live to a certain point in time, you must have enough energy in your body to make your body organs rejuvenated.
“那么如何才能活到那个时间点，并给予身体器官复苏的可能？”
"So how can you live to that point in time and give the body organs the possibility of resuscitation?"
“靳元辉提出的方法就是在达到寿命界限的时候选择沉眠，让身体处在最佳状态，再浸泡在可以刺激人体功能复苏的药剂中，或者服下相关药剂。如此，就有一定可能让身体从老年状态重新返回年轻状态，等到身体回到年轻状态，睡着的人只要被唤醒就可以。”
The method proposed by Jin Yuanhui is to choose to sleep when the life limit is reached, so that the body is in the best condition, and then soak in the medicine that can stimulate the recovery of the body's functions, or take related drugs. In this way, it is possible for the body to return from the old state to the young state, and when the body returns to the young state, the sleeping person only needs to be awakened. ”
王叶很是无语：“这样做还不如直接换一具新身体。” Wang Ye was speechless: "It's better to change to a new body directly." ”
疯药王：“是啊，靳元辉提出的这种可能被其他人嘲笑了，但靳元辉坚持身体是自己的好。后来他甚至说出既然要更换身体，那还不如更换更不容易坏的身体。他紧接着又提出了炼金体与人类灵魂结合的可能。”
Mad Medicine King: "Yes, this possibility proposed by Jin Yuanhui was ridiculed by others, but Jin Yuanhui insisted that his body was his own good." Later, he even said that since he wanted to replace his body, it was better to replace his body that was less prone to breakage. He then went on to propose the possibility of the alchemical body being combined with the human soul. ”
王叶和雷木转头看向躺在床上的炼金王。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu turned their heads to look at the Alchemy King lying on the bed.
疯药王推测：“靳元辉现在很可能做了两手准备，他把大部分身体另外做了处理，指望身体能返青。另外则把自己的部分器官和灵魂与炼金物结合。”
The Mad Medicine King speculated: "Jin Yuanhui is likely to have made two preparations now, and he has done most of his body separately, hoping that his body can return to youth." In addition, he combines some of his organs and soul with alchemy. ”
王叶道：“看来他对所谓的返青一说也不是很有把握，否则他不会把自己的灵魂放到炼金躯体上。”
Wang Ye said: "It seems that he is not very sure about the so-called rejuvenation theory, otherwise he would not put his soul on the alchemy body." ”
疯药王摇头：“根据我和他的接触来看，这位其实更青睐返青一说，他认为人类灵魂一旦脱离大脑这种重要器官，就很难和炼金物结合到一起。有些亡灵虽然能附着在某些物体上，甚至操纵那些物体，但终究不是那物体本身，反而更像是一种存储状态。”
The Mad Medicine King shook his head: "Judging from my contact with him, this one actually prefers the theory of rejuvenation and rejuvenation, he thinks that once the human soul is separated from the important organ of the brain, it is difficult to combine with alchemy. Although some undead can attach to certain objects, and even manipulate those objects, they are not the objects themselves, but more like a stored state. ”
疯药王一顿：“靳元辉还认为万物皆有灵，一旦有了功能非常精密或付出大量精神力创造出来的炼金物，那么这些炼金物极有可能诞生宛如灵魂一样的独立意识。所以他炼制傀儡，从来不会炼制功能过于复杂的，也不会赋予傀儡自我思考的能力。”
The Mad Medicine King paused: "Jin Yuanhui also believes that everything has a spirit, and once there are alchemy objects created with very precise functions or a lot of spiritual power, then these alchemy objects are very likely to give birth to independent consciousness like souls." Therefore, when he refines puppets, he never refines them with overly complex functions, nor does he give them the ability to think for themselves. ”
王叶抱臂，不耐烦道：“你说这么多，结论是什么？以及到底要怎么唤醒这位炼金王？”
Wang Ye hugged his arms and said impatiently: "You said so much, what is the conclusion?" And how exactly do you wake up this alchemy king? ”
疯药王给了王叶一个不爽的眼神：“能有点耐心吗？没有经过分析，哪来的结果？”
The Mad Medicine King gave Wang Ye an unhappy look: "Can you be a little patient?" Without analysis, where do the results come from? ”
雷木按住王叶，对疯药王道：“我想我明白您的意思了。那位炼金王并不想转换为亡灵，否则他早可以这么做。而他临死前做的一切准备都是为了复生，想要唤醒他，只有一种方法，就是让他感觉到自己身体恢复了生机。”
Lei Mu held Wang Ye down and said to the King of Crazy Medicine, "I think I understand what you mean." The Alchemy King didn't want to transform into an undead, otherwise he could have done so. And all the preparations he made before he died were for resurrection, and there was only one way to wake him up, and that was to make him feel that his body had come back to life. ”
疯药王一指雷木：“看看，看看，这才是聪明人！” The Mad Medicine King pointed at Lei Mu: "Look, look, this is a smart person!" ”
疯药王又鄙视王叶：“你就不会自己动动脑子吗，明明我的分析过程都隐藏了答案。”
The Mad Medicine King despised Wang Ye again: "Won't you use your own brain, obviously my analysis process has hidden the answer." ”
王叶呵呵：“幸好你没教徒弟。” Wang Ye hehe: "Fortunately, you don't have a disciple." ”
疯药王……反应过来，气得就要揍这个小混蛋。 Mad Drug King...... reacted, and was so angry that he was about to beat this little bastard.
王叶哼唧一声，对雷木道：“小海王虽然让我们用音乐唤醒这位，但门外的那个傀儡却说随便我们用什么方法。也许用音乐唤醒只是小海王自身的认识。至于我们到底用什么方法，它应该不会介意。”
Wang Ye snorted and said to Lei Mu: "Although the little Sea King asked us to wake him up with music, the puppet outside the door said that whatever method we use. Maybe waking up with music is just the little Aquaman's own understanding. As for what exactly we use, it shouldn't mind. ”
雷木点头：“也对。” Lei Mu nodded: "That's right." ”
王叶：“所以想要唤醒这位，首先不能让他转换成亡灵，得让他就作为一个生灵醒来，对吧？”
Wang Ye: "So if you want to wake this person, first of all, you can't let him transform into an undead, you have to let him wake up as a living being, right?" ”
疯药王默认。 The Mad Medicine King acquiesces.
王叶脸上露出怪异的神色，他忽然觉得他的某个因果技能简直就像是为这位炼金王准备的。
Wang Ye had a strange look on his face, and he suddenly felt that one of his causal skills was simply for this alchemy king.
当他等级达到玩家六十级时，他的因果技能树会解锁一个复活技能【生死轮回】。
When he reaches level 60 as a player, his causal skill tree unlocks a resurrection skill [Cycle of Life and Death].
而他这个复活技能和其他玩家能直接复活人有略微不同。
And his resurrection skill is slightly different from other players who can directly resurrect people.
他每次施展这个复活技能，被他复活的人会从死亡状态回归最原始状态，再一点点生长到临死前的状态。
Every time he casts this resurrection skill, the person he resurrects will return to the original state from the state of death, and then grow little by little to the state before death.
只不过这个过程很快，看起来好像在数秒内，一个人就从无到有再次出现。
It's just that the process is so fast that it looks like in a matter of seconds, a person reappears from nothing.
如果他能控制这个技能，是否能把死者的身体恢复到指定状态？
If he can control this skill, will he be able to restore the deceased's body to the specified state?
比如让炼金王的身体恢复到少年时期？ For example, to restore the body of the Alchemy King to his teenage years?
王叶心跳加快，他以前从来没想过这个复活技能还能这么用。
Wang Ye's heart beat faster, he had never thought that this resurrection skill could be used like this before.
主要是都当游戏技能了，怎么可能还会深想技能的其他用法？
It's mainly a game skill, how can you think about other uses of skills?
不过这个复活技能能对玩家以外的生灵使用吗？ However, can this resurrection skill be used on creatures other than the player?
还有如果能指定恢复时间段，这个技能是不是也太牛掰了？
And if you can specify the recovery period, isn't this skill too awesome?
那只要快死的人保存好自己的灵魂，确保死亡时灵魂不会离开身体和溃散，再找他施展【生死轮回】，那不就相当于可以重获新生？
So as long as the dying person preserves his soul, ensures that the soul does not leave the body and collapses when he dies, and then finds him to perform the [Cycle of Life and Death], isn't that equivalent to being able to regain his life?
不过……这个技能如果真能复活非玩家的生灵，指定复活的时间段又算得了什么？
But...... If this skill can really resurrect non-player creatures, what does the specified time period for resurrection count?
王叶想了想，到底没说自己未来可能会掌握一种复活术，如果到时候不能复活非玩家以外的存在，现在说出来不过凭白让人期待，说不定还会惹来麻烦。
Wang Ye thought about it, didn't he say that he might master a resurrection technique in the future, if he couldn't resurrect an existence other than a non-player at that time, saying it now is just a matter of looking forward to it, maybe it will cause trouble.
他可没忘记，现在他的一举一动都在某双眼睛的监视之下。
He hadn't forgotten that his every move was now under the watchful eye of a pair of eyes.
说来，到达垃圾山之后，那种被窥探的感觉似乎消失了呢。
Speaking of which, when you reach the garbage mountain, the feeling of being snooped on seems to disappear.
“喂，你在想什么？”疯药王催促他。 "Hey, what are you thinking?" The Mad Medicine King urged him.
王叶回神：“我在想，我们没办法真的让这位炼金王获得新生，但如果只是暂时刺激他的身体，让他的身体器官恢复一定生机，并不难做到。他剩下的身体器官保管得还算到位，并没有腐烂坏死，只是生机已经非常非常微弱。”
Wang Ye came back to his senses: "I'm thinking, we can't really give this alchemy king a new life, but if it is only to temporarily stimulate his body and restore his body organs to a certain vitality, it is not difficult to do it." The rest of his body organs are well kept, and they are not rotting and necrotic, but their vitality is very, very weak. ”
王叶开始思索要对靳元辉使用什么药剂。 Wang Ye began to think about what medicine to use on Jin Yuanhui.
疯药王骄傲道：“我就知道最后还是要用到药剂。而据我所知，靳元辉可能是所有大佬中唯一不会使用增寿药剂的人，因为他认为增寿药剂就是进一步消耗了人体的潜能，让有返青可能也变得没有可能。”
The Mad Medicine King said proudly, "I knew that I would still need to use the potion in the end. And as far as I know, Jin Yuanhui may be the only one among all the bigwigs who will not use longevity pills, because he thinks that longevity pills are to further consume the potential of the human body, making it impossible to have the possibility of rejuvenation. ”
疯药王哼道：“那就是错误观念！我研究出的增寿药剂怎么可能用消耗身体潜能来做代价，简直胡说八道，那就是用药力来滋养已经衰败的身体，重新给身体注入生机。所以你也不用想其他药剂了，就炼制增寿药剂给这个犟种灌下，那些生机应该足够唤醒他。”
The Mad Medicine King snorted, "That's a wrong idea!" How can the longevity potion I have researched be at the cost of depleting the body's potential, it is simply nonsense, that is, to use the power of medicine to nourish the already decayed body and re-inject vitality into the body. So you don't have to think about other potions, just refine the longevity potion and pour it into this seed, and those vitality should be enough to wake him up. ”
王叶撇撇嘴：“您老来炼制？” Wang Ye pouted: "You come to refine for a long time?" ”
疯药王瞪眼：“我都死了，现在就二级亡灵，很多东西拿都拿不起来，你还让我炼药？”
The Mad Medicine King glared: "I'm all dead, now I'm a second-level undead, I can't pick up a lot of things, and you still let me refine medicine?" ”
王叶：“那您老是不是也忘了增寿药剂是几级药剂？虽然我是很天才，但我也不敢在只能炼制四级，勉强能炼制少数五级药剂的情况下去挑战九级药剂好吧！”
Wang Ye: "Then have you forgotten how many levels of longevity potion it is?" Although I am a very genius, I don't dare to challenge the ninth-level potion when I can only refine the fourth-level and barely be able to refine a few fifth-level potions! ”
疯药王噎住，但他很快说道：“增寿药剂有中低配版，最高级的可以增寿三十年，中级的可以增寿十年到十五年，低级的大约三到五年。”
The Mad Medicine King choked, but he quickly said: "There are medium and low-grade versions of life-increasing elixirs, the highest grade can increase the life span by thirty years, the intermediate one can increase the life span by ten to fifteen years, and the low-level one can increase the life span by about three to five years. ”
王叶皱眉：“你那本药典中可没写增寿药剂还有中低配版。”
Wang Ye frowned: "Your pharmacopoeia doesn't write that there are medium and low versions of longevity enhancement medicines." ”
疯药王傲然道：“我当然不会写。我既然能研究出延寿三十年的药剂，为什么要把中级和低级的写上去？再说付出偌大代价，却只能延寿三五年有什么意思？”
The Mad Medicine King said proudly: "Of course I can't write. If I can research a potion that will prolong my life for 30 years, why should I write down the intermediate and low-grade ones? What's the point of paying a huge price, but only being able to prolong your life for three or five years? ”
王叶嘀咕：“真是饱汉不知饿汉饥，这世上不知有多少垂死的人想要能多活一年半载。三五年，能做很多事了好吧。”
Wang Ye muttered: "It's really full and hungry, I don't know how many dying people in this world want to live for a year and a half." Three or five years, you can do a lot of things. ”
疯药王瞪他：“你还想不想要中低配版增寿药剂的配方？”
The Mad Medicine King glared at him: "Do you still want the formula of the mid-to-low-grade version of the longevity enhancement elixir?" ”
王叶迅速伸手：“想。” Wang Ye quickly stretched out his hand: "Yes." ”
所以身边有个老师，和自己看书学习，真的是有区别。因为有些知识，不一定会写在书中，却同样重要。
So having a teacher around you is really different from reading and learning by yourself. Because some knowledge is not necessarily written in a book, but it is just as important.
疯药王也没拿乔，他既然都把药典给王叶了，自然不会再藏着其他知识，况且教这个小兔崽子还是很有成就感的，他几乎只要说一遍，王叶就能听明白，多试个几次，就能把相应药剂炼制出来。
The Crazy Medicine King didn't take Qiao, since he gave the pharmacopoeia to Wang Ye, he naturally wouldn't hide other knowledge, and it was still very rewarding to teach this little rabbit cub, he almost only had to say it once, Wang Ye would be able to understand, and if he tried a few more times, he would be able to refine the corresponding potion.
王叶拿到增寿药剂的中低配版药方，却又发现了一个问题。
Wang Ye got the low-to-medium version of the prescription for the longevity enhancement potion, but found a problem again.
没有主药材！ There is no main herb!
有几种辅药也缺少。 There are several adjuvants that are also missing.
雷木提醒：“你可以问问门口的傀儡。这既然是解题，应该和之前一样，出题者会连材料一起准备。”
Lei Mu reminded: "You can ask the puppet at the door. Since this is a problem solving, it should be the same as before, and the questioner will prepare the materials together. ”
“对哦！”王叶立刻奔向卧室门口，跟在门外站岗的人形傀儡索要相应药材。
"That's right!" Wang Ye immediately ran to the door of the bedroom and followed the humanoid puppet standing guard outside the door to ask for the corresponding medicinal materials.
他也不贪心，同样的药材他只要了十份。 He was not greedy, and he only needed ten portions of the same herb.
理由？当然是他没有炼制过这种药剂，十份药材基本都要用来练手。
Reason? Of course, he had never refined this kind of potion, and the ten medicinal materials were basically used to practice his hands.
人形傀儡什么都没说，只让王叶稍等。 The humanoid puppet didn't say anything, only asked Wang Ye to wait a while.
人形傀儡咔叽咔叽地踩着地板离开。 The humanoid golem clicked off the floor.
王叶站在走廊上，看着其他紧闭的房门，很想进去瞅瞅。
Wang Ye stood in the corridor, looking at the other closed doors, and wanted to go in and take a look.
疯药王也在看这条走廊：“时间太久了，记忆都模糊了，现在看这条走廊才觉得有那么点眼熟。”
The Mad Medicine King was also looking at this corridor: "It's been too long, and my memories are blurred, and now I feel a little familiar when I look at this corridor." ”
“哦？” "Oh?"
“这里……很可能就是靳元辉的魔法塔。”疯药王只来过靳元辉的魔法塔一次，记得也不是很清楚。
"Here...... It is likely to be Jin Yuanhui's magic tower. "The Mad Medicine King has only been to Jin Yuanhui's magic tower once, and he doesn't remember it very clearly.
“据说靳元辉的魔法塔本身就是十级魔器。你看这条走廊里是不是有很多魔法符号和魔纹？”
"It is said that Jin Yuanhui's magic tower itself is a tenth-level magic weapon. Do you see that there are a lot of magic symbols and magic patterns in this hallway? ”
王叶沿着走廊边走边看。 Wang Ye walked along the corridor and watched.
雷木留在卧室里没出来，他看到床头放了一本魔法书，随手拿了起来。
Remu stayed in the bedroom and didn't come out, he saw a magic book on the bedside and picked it up.
数分钟后，雷木忽然在卧室里喊王叶的名字：“叶子，我发现那位炼金王的遗言了。”
A few minutes later, Lei Mu suddenly called Wang Ye's name in the bedroom: "Yezi, I found the last words of the Alchemy King." ”
王叶迅速返回卧室。 Wang Ye quickly returned to the bedroom.
雷木把那本魔法书递给王叶：“这应该是炼金王亲笔著作的炼金书籍，后面翻不开，但前面有他的遗言。你看看。”
Lei Mu handed the magic book to Wang Ye: "This should be an alchemy book written by the Alchemy King himself, and it can't be opened in the back, but there are his last words in the front." Look. ”
王叶接过书本，看向页面上写的内容。 Wang Ye took the book and looked at what was written on the page.
“……木木，我看不懂。” “…… Mumu, I don't understand. ”
雷木惊讶：“你怎么会看不懂？” Lei Mu was surprised: "How could you not understand?" ”
疯药王也凑过去看，当即道：“这是魔族文字。” The Mad Medicine King also leaned over to look at it, and immediately said, "This is the Demon Clan's script." ”
雷木一愣，他翻开书就看懂了，压根就没注意那是什么文字。
Lei Mu was stunned for a moment, he opened the book and understood it, and he didn't pay attention to what kind of text it was.
王叶把魔法书还给雷木：“你念给我听吧。” Wang Ye returned the magic book to Lei Mu: "You can read it to me." ”
“好。” "Okay."
雷木翻开书本，把炼金王靳元辉写的遗言念了出来： Lei Mu opened the book and read out the last words written by the alchemy king Jin Yuanhui:
“很多人都不知道，我其实是一个魔种。 "A lot of people don't know that I'm actually a demon seed.
当我成年后，一名魔族顺着他留下的魔种找到了我，他原本想要吞噬我的灵魂、占有我的躯体，在这个世界继续捕食。
When I became an adult, a demon found me along the demon seed he left behind, and he originally wanted to devour my soul and possess my body, and continue to prey on this world.
但他发现了我在炼金方面的天赋，他对我的智慧和能力都大感兴趣，他不再想要吞噬我，而是希望看我能成长到什么程度。
But he discovered my talent in alchemy, and he was very interested in my wisdom and ability, and he no longer wanted to devour me, but wanted to see how far I could grow.
这名魔族断断续续教了我一些魔族的炼金知识。
而当我发现古法炼金术竟然和魔族的炼金术有很多相似的地方，我就一头钻入了古法炼金术中。
我在炼金术方面的成就越高，那名魔族就越愿意教我魔族的炼金知识。他跟我约定，他会等到我死亡的那天再收割我的灵魂。
从那天开始，我就开始惧怕死亡。
我跟那名魔族约定，死亡不仅仅是身体的彻底死亡，灵魂也必须离开死去的身体。而无论是夺舍还是转修亡灵，都属于约定中的死亡。”
雷木读到这里，特意停顿了一下。
王叶和疯药王也终于明白为什么这位炼金王那么热衷于让身体返青、让身体获得生机，而不是选择成为亡灵，就是更换炼金躯体，也要保留一部分自己的器官。
答案原来就在这里。
雷木继续念到：
“终于，我收到了知识之城的邀请函，他们邀请我去知识之城交流学习并建造魔法塔。这相当于是专业领域最高的认可和奖励……”
接下来遗书中主要说明了他在知识之城的各项成就，以及获得的荣耀等等。
还略微提到了他和小海王的相识过程。
直到最后，这位炼金王才提到：
“我的生命即将走向尽头，我每天都活在灵魂即将被吞噬的恐惧中。
我不惧怕死亡，但我惧怕我的灵魂被当成食物一样吃掉。
我想尽办法延长自己的生命，可不论是余生不定还是奥尔帕图，这两位当世最厉害的药师，都没办法彻底解决困扰着城中所有‘老前辈’的问题。
没办法突破到更高一级，也没办法延长自己的生命，怎么办？
我经过苦思冥想，终于想出了一个办法。
我要炼制一具躯体，这具躯体要具有能让我的部分器官维持生命机能、并提供缓慢刺激，还要能让我的灵魂留在身体内不会溃散和离开，同时也要提供最高保护甚至反击能力的诸般功能。
如果有一天，有人想出了十级突破十一级的方法，或者研究出了更好的延寿药剂，到那时再唤醒我吧。
我的朋友喜欢音乐，它自编的歌曲将是唤醒我的契机。
但如果你唤醒我时，我的生命不能得到延续，你会被诅咒。”
雷木放下魔法书，道：“怪不得那小海王不怕我们彻底杀死这位炼金王，也不怕我们做什么手脚，这具炼金身体以我们的能力根本无法破坏。”
王叶冷笑，他就是个小心眼，一听说有可能被诅咒，他就不想救这个炼金王了。
疯药王却十分积极地道：“幸好雷木能看懂魔族文字，否则就算我们炼制出增寿药剂恐怕也无法唤醒这老家伙。靳元辉说的那个朋友就是指那个小傀儡人吧，它自编的歌曲是什么歌曲？要去找它吗？”
王叶和雷木互看，王叶眯了眯眼睛：“不用去找它，它已经把那首歌曲唱给我们听过了。”
所有线索都已经找到，现在就等药剂材料。
第175章 小海王的邀请函
人形傀儡真的送来了十份药材。
王叶有疯药王在一边指点，只失败了两次，就成功炼制出一份低配版的增寿药剂。
王叶自我判断，这瓶药剂应该可以延寿五年。
王叶把剩下的材料和炼制好的药剂全部收起来。
“你怎么能肯定这位炼金王没有服用过增寿药剂？”
“嗯？”疯药王也不敢确定，人的想法随时都会改变，他在知识之城那会儿，靳元辉也许还不想喝增寿药剂，但他离开后，眼看自己就要死亡，说不定靳元辉就改变主意了。
“你看能不能弄出他的血液，用我教你的检测法检测一下就知道他有没有服用过增寿药剂。”
王叶抓起炼金王的手臂：“麻烦您老看清楚，这手臂看着像是人类手臂，实际上从外面的皮到里面的骨都不是原装货。他现在就大小脑、心脏、肺、肝和脊椎骨还在，其他器官都没了。我想取到他的血，首先得破开这具身体的防守。但这具身体至少也有九级，我要怎么破？”
王叶放下炼金王的手臂，没好气地道：“说不定我还没破开他的表皮，就被攻击死了。而且他的嘴巴也不是原装货，闭合得这么紧，我就算想把药剂倒入他嘴里，再看他身体中的生机变化都不可能。”
也不可能打针。
“所以我们必须先唤醒他，再给他服用增寿药剂。”
疯药王皱眉：“那麻烦了，如果以前服用过增寿药剂，再服用就没有任何用处。而其他激活生机的药剂都不如增寿药剂，除非复活药剂。”
王叶眼睛一亮：“有复活药剂？”
“有。”
“那药典中怎么没提到？”王叶急。
“因为我不会啊。”
王叶：“……”
疯药王嘿嘿怪笑：“复活药剂是传说中的十级药剂，据说只要死亡不超过十二个小时，并且灵魂也没有离体，服用复活药剂就能让死人复活。哪怕是老死的人，服用复活药剂也能再活个几年。但这个药剂配方早就失传了，传说这个配方是树人族研究出来，你要想要这个配方，以后看能不能勾搭上树人族的大佬吧。”
小云听到树人族几个字，插腰看向疯药王。
疯药王弹弹手指：“去去去，一边玩去，这里说的树人不是你。就不指望你。”
小树人看了看疯药王，转身就走了。
金宝跳到小树人头上，冲着疯药王皮卡叽叫。
小云两次在危急时带着金宝一起逃跑，让金宝和小树人的感情迅速升温。
两小只还是会打架，但遇到事会一致对外了。
小云抬起树枝小手摸了摸金宝，表示他才不会把这种小事放在心上。树人是用实力说话的种族！
疯药王冥思苦想还有什么比低配版增寿药剂更能增加人体生机的药剂，还要是王小叶能炼制出来的。
王叶却显得无所谓的多，他看雷木在研究那本魔法书，他就开始在这个房间里溜达起来。
这边敲敲，那边推推。
这可是玩副本的经验，大佬的房间要么有密室，要么就藏有什么秘密。
可不知道是这座魔法塔的等级太高，还是他寻找的还不够细心，找了一圈，王叶都没找到任何异样的地方。
最后，王叶把目光落到了那张大床和床上的炼金王身上。
雷木偶尔抬头，看到王叶的表情，顿时暗叫一声：完了！
王叶这表情明显是看上那张大床了。
再看这大床厚实稳重，却又在床脚和边沿等处刻有隐隐约约的纹路，触摸上去有着木料特有的温厚手感，却又有金石的坚硬和光泽，没有刷任何油漆，却透出暗红色，不经意间似乎还有一股清香萦绕在鼻尖，真正把低调的奢华显露得淋漓尽致。
这大床简直就是戳着王小叶的审美来的。
王叶爬上大床，试图挪动躺在中间的炼金王。
雷木：“……”
王叶对炼金王使用【纠缠不清】，想用因果线把这具身体拉拽起来。
但炼金王的这具身体似乎异常沉重，王叶拉了几次都没拉起来。
实力差距太大。
王叶站在床上插腰。
雷木张口，想要阻止王叶。
可王叶的动作更快，在雷木吐出语音之前，王叶已经把大床连同床上的炼金王一起送入了虫巢空间。
王叶并不想把炼金王也给弄入虫巢。
他跑进虫巢中，用手抓着炼金王的手腕，默念：“出去。”
一个小小的珠子从炼金王身上滚落，落到了虫巢里。
但王叶半点没注意到。
炼金王的身体和王叶又同时出现在卧室中。
王叶一个踉跄，差点被炼金王沉重的身体带趴下。 Wang Ye stumbled, and was almost brought down by the heavy body of the Alchemy King.
雷木就看那位炼金王大人就那么躺在地板上。 Lei Mu saw that the Alchemy King was lying on the floor like that.
王叶身影再次消失，等他再次出现，炼金王身上多出了一张青色的床单。
雷木：总算不是白色的。
王叶拍拍手，转头对雷木笑，欲盖弥彰地道：“我就看看床底下有没有什么密道机关之类。好像没有哈。”
雷木：“……”
王叶干咳：“我把大床弄进去是想做个实验，看看这是纯能量物，还是能带出去的实物。如果能，也许我们可以把炼金王的身体也带出去，等以后我的实力达到了，再唤醒他就是。”
雷木：“那你为什么要把炼金王的身体单独丢出来？”
王叶摸摸鼻子，到底还是把那张大床拿了出来。他把这个任务当做寻宝游戏，可雷木显然不这么认为。
雷木过去，把那位炼金王从地上抱起来……虽然沉重，但他意外地竟然能抱动，又放回到床上。
王叶还拿起青色床单盖到炼金王身上，讪讪地说：“送给他了。”
雷木揉揉王小叶的脑袋：“乖~。等他死了，又没人继承他的物品，或者他做了对不起我们的事，你再动手也不迟。”
Lei Mu rubbed Wang Xiaoye's head: "Good~." When he's dead and there's no one to inherit his belongings, or he's done something sorry for us, it's never too late for you to do it. ”
王小叶再次享受到了被人当小孩一样教育的滋味，咂咂嘴，感觉滋味还不坏。
Wang Xiaoye once again enjoyed the taste of being educated like a child, smacking his lips, feeling that the taste was not bad.
他师父闻笛也喜欢管他，但他那时候已经是成年人，他师父教训他的手法通常都是让他做一些很头大的事，比如连续不断地处理某种药材，一口气开垦几亩田地，或者到抛尸坑去把里面的尸体一具具解剖，再缝起来掩埋等等。
His master Wendi also liked to take care of him, but he was already an adult at that time, and the method that his master taught him was usually to ask him to do some very big things, such as continuously processing a certain medicinal herb, cultivating a few acres of land in one go, or going to the corpse dumping pit to dissect the corpses inside one by one, and then sew them up and bury them, etc.
王叶踮起脚尖看雷木拿在手中的魔法书，没话找话说：“这本书兴许可以带走看看。说不定就是那个炼金王的传承。如果他不愿意让别人带走这本书，就不会放在床头最显眼的地方。”
Wang Ye stood on tiptoe to look at the magic book that Lei Mu held in his hand, and had nothing to say: "This book is allowed to take it away." Maybe it's the inheritance of the Alchemy King. If he didn't want someone else to take the book, it wouldn't have been placed in the most prominent place on the bedside. ”
雷木忍笑道：“一位能炼制九级甚至是十级魔法塔的炼金王的传承，哪能这么容易得到。不过目前能翻开的内容也很有意思，是那位炼金王大人一些异想天开的想法，他说了这些想法应该有实现可能，只是他走进了死胡同，写下来主要是舍不得这些灵感消失，也希望有人看到后能碰撞出新的思路。”
Lei Muren smiled: "How can the inheritance of an alchemy king who can refine a ninth-level or even tenth-level magic tower be so easy to obtain." However, the content that can be opened at the moment is also very interesting, it is some whimsical ideas of the Alchemy King, he said that these ideas should be possible, but he has walked into a dead end, and the main reason for writing it down is that he is reluctant to let these inspirations disappear, and he also hopes that someone can collide with new ideas after seeing them. ”
“很难吗？” "Is it hard?"
“有一定基础看着就还好，你应该也能看懂。我教你学习魔族文字？”
"It's okay to look at it with a certain foundation, and you should be able to understand it. I'll teach you to learn the Demon script? ”
“好啊。” "Okay."
于是，当小海王滑着滚轮找过来时，就看卧室里，那个魔族正在教那个人族小孩学习魔族文字，而它的好友炼金王正躺在床上，身上多了一张青色床单，屋里氛围竟然异常的安宁温馨。
So, when the little sea king slid the roller to find it, he saw that in the bedroom, the demon was teaching the human child to learn the demon script, and his friend Alchemy King was lying on the bed, with an extra cyan sheet on his body, and the atmosphere in the room was unusually peaceful and warm.
让它惊讶的是，这个房间里的东西竟然都还在，就是那本魔法书，那魔族也只是拿在手里，看起来并没有带走的意思。
To its surprise, everything in this room was still there, the magic book, and the demon was just holding it in his hand, and it didn't seem to have any intention of taking it away.
以前有历练者过来，他们可是看到什么都想拿。 In the past, experienced practitioners came over, but they wanted to take everything they saw.
果然喜欢音乐的人就是不一样呢。 Sure enough, people who like music are different.
王叶听到滑轮声，对小海王扬手：“嗨，朋友，你来了。”
Wang Ye heard the sound of the pulley and raised his hand to the little sea king: "Hey, friend, you are here." ”
小海王对他摆摆手，爬到床上，揭开那张青色床单看了看。
Little Aquaman waved his hand at him, climbed onto the bed, and lifted the cyan sheet to look at it.
炼金王身上没有任何缺损，包括他穿在身上的衣服，和戴在手指上的戒指都没人动。
There was nothing wrong with the Alchemy King's body, not even the clothes he wore on his body, nor the ring on his finger.
王叶：我傻了才会动一个王级炼金师给自己炼制的躯体。那衣服和戒指明显和身体都是一套。
小海王有点迷惑地放下床单，转头问：“这床单是你们的吗？”
王叶面不改色地说：“是啊，我看到他就那么躺着，怕他受凉，就给他盖上了。”
小海王在床边坐下，“你是个好孩子。”
从来就不是好孩子的王叶嫑脸地点头：“那是。”
“对了，那本书能送给我们吗？”王叶指向雷木手里拿着的魔法书。
小海王：“想要带走这本书的人必须唤醒我的朋友。”
王叶点头，又问：“这位是传说中的炼金王靳元辉吗？另外，傀儡二号怎么样了？你能修理好它吗？”
小海王语气有点雀跃地说：“对，他就是炼金王靳元辉。你们有办法唤醒我这位朋友了吗？”
王叶摊手：“正在想办法。不过我们无法确定他沉睡前是否服用过增寿药剂，所以有点不敢下手。”
王叶还特光棍地补充：“我怕被诅咒。”
小海王发出fufu的笑声：“诅咒啊，那是你任务失败的惩罚。不过很可惜，我也不知道他有没有服用过增寿药剂，我只是答应会保管他的身体，并藏起他的魔法塔。”
“那我可以不做这个任务吗？”
“不可以哦。但你带来了我的兄弟，虽然他的情况很糟糕，可并不是没有恢复的可能。我会感谢你。只是它想要完全恢复，还得看这位炼金王。所以你必须完成唤醒他的任务。”
“我已经做好了一份增寿药剂，可以保证唤醒他后可以让他增寿五年。现在的问题就是我不知道他以前有没有服用过同类增寿药剂，如果服用过，这份药剂就对他没有效用。可我没办法直接给他灌下去查看情况，必须唤醒他。”王叶说出他的为难处。
小海王闻言也没辙：“看来防护做得太好也不好。”
“就是啊。”王叶愤愤。
小海王思考了好一会儿：“我听说真正的生命之树树叶比增寿药剂的效果更好。据说圣东郡药剂店就藏有一枚，无数人都想换到这枚树叶，但代价很高。圣东郡药剂店开出的价格是一亿积分。”
疯药王咋舌：“一亿？我当年研究出增寿药剂，也才得到一百万积分。”
王叶当时就想问疯药王，他那些积分都还在吗。
可接下来疯药王的一句话就打消了他所有盼头，疯药王感叹：“当年我最高峰时期拥有上千万积分，知识之城就没有几个比我更能赚积分的。可惜我走的时候，把积分都兑换了。”
王叶不想跟疯药王说话，就问小海王：“就没有除了生命之树树叶以外更低档次一些的东西吗？”
小海王：“我听靳元辉说过，他说魔族有一种轮回魔法，可以让衰老的魔族回到最初状态，这种魔法可以延长魔族的生命，但回到最初状态再逐渐成长的魔族的实力也会大大下降。以前有不少魔族学习这种魔法，可他们都在回到最初状态还弱小的时候，被敌人找到杀死了，之后再修习这个魔法的魔族就变得很少。如果你能从魔族学来这种魔法，也许也能帮到靳元辉。”
王叶：等我到六十级，我试试。
“这些都太遥远了。就没有我能做到的吗？”王叶问。
小海王也露出为难神情：“你为什么这么弱呢？”
王叶死鱼眼：“我也不知道我为什么会这么弱，大概和我才九岁有关？”
小海王：“……九岁啊，有了，我听说还有一个办法，生命力共享。要么你和靳元辉契约，把你的生命力分享给他？”
王叶：做梦！
小海王和王叶大眼瞪小眼，谁也瞪不服谁。
王叶插腰：“先不谈如何给这位炼金王补充生机的事，你刚才说要感谢我，那你要如何感谢我？”
小海王歪头：“你是圣级炼金师吗？”
王叶摇头。
小海王：“你是圣级炼药师吗？”
王叶继续摇头。
小海王：“那我知道该怎么感谢你了。把你的手伸出来。”
王叶伸出左手。
小海王抓住他的手，“哎？你有精灵族的邀请函？”
小海王抬头看王叶的眼神，明显带有了不一样的感情，像是更加亲昵。
王叶眨眨眼：“你也认识精灵吗？”
小海王露出像是回忆的神情：“我认识一个唱歌和弹琴很好听的精灵，他是木系精灵哦。不过大家都在找木系精灵，他伪装了，别人都不知道他是木系精灵。他给了我很多帮助，如果不是他，我也许还不能真正的灵魂自由。”
小海王的金属手用力在王叶手背上按了一下。
王叶手背顿时又多出一个印记。
那是一座石塔一样的印记，和另外两个印记形成了三足鼎立之势。
王叶觉得以后要戴个手套了，否则这三个印记也太显眼了。
刚这么想，三个印记竟然同时暗淡下去，变得不仔细看就看不清楚。
As soon as he thought so, the three imprints dimmed at the same time, and they became difficult to see without looking closely.
王叶摸摸自己的手背，问小海王：“这个印记有什么用？”
Wang Ye touched the back of his hand and asked the little sea king, "What's the use of this mark?" ”
“它是我送给你的邀请函。”小海王很高兴地回答：“你拥有了这张邀请函，就可以随时进来这座知识之城，这样你就可以快点变强，研究出更高等的生机药剂，或者找到其他办法。不过你进来后，仍旧需要遵守这里的规则。”
"It's an invitation from me." Little Sea King happily replied, "Now that you have this invitation, you can enter this city of knowledge at any time, so that you can quickly become stronger, research higher vitality potions, or find other ways." But once you're in, you'll still have to follow the rules here. ”
疯药王在虫巢里就叫起来：“好东西！这可是时间流速五倍的秘境，以后你完全可以经常到这里学习。这就相当于你拥有了别人更多五倍的时间。你小子运气真好。”
The Mad Medicine King cried out in the hive: "Good thing! This is a secret realm with five times the speed of time, and you can study here often in the future. That's five times more time you have for someone else. You're in luck, kid. ”
疯药王是真心为王叶高兴。规则不规则的放一边，以往只有他们这些大佬才会接受到知识之城的邀请函，可以不用付出任何代价的进入知识之城，还能在这里建造属于自己的魔法塔。
The Mad Medicine King is really happy for Wang Ye. The rules are irregularly put aside, in the past, only they would accept the invitation of the City of Knowledge, and they could enter the City of Knowledge without paying any price, and they could also build their own magic tower here.
但外面的人想要进入知识之城，那都是要付出极大代价的。进来后想要长时间停留则需要大量积分。
But if outsiders want to enter the City of Knowledge, they will have to pay a great price. If you want to stay for a long time after coming in, you will need a lot of points.
之前牛叔一家为什么在祖父奥尔帕图离世后就过得很局促，甚至不得不把奥尔帕图的传承卖出去？其实就是为了换取能在知识之城生活下去的积分。
Why did Uncle Niu's family live a cramped life after the death of their grandfather Opatu, and even had to sell Orpatu's inheritance? In fact, it is in exchange for points that can live in the city of knowledge.
那为什么牛叔一家都这样了还不肯离开知识之城？ Then why does Uncle Niu's family refuse to leave the City of Knowledge after they are like this?
因为知识之城在那个时代就是天下最高学府，生活在这里，你就可以接触到最全最先进的知识。
Because the city of knowledge was the highest university in the world at that time, living here, you can get access to the most complete and advanced knowledge.
牛叔一家没有药剂天赋又如何，他们可以在这里学习魔法，并且学得绝对比外面学到的多。
What if Uncle Niu's family doesn't have a talent for potions, they can learn magic here, and definitely learn more than they learn outside.
最重要的是，知识之城这个秘境还有个让所有人都无法舍弃的优点。它的时间流速并不仅仅是五倍比一，这个秘境虽然按照五倍时间运行，但人们的骨龄变化却和外面一样。
这表示什么？
这不就相当于人类生活在这里，就多出了五倍的寿命吗？
Isn't this equivalent to five times more lifespan for human beings living here?
那些老怪物为什么待在知识之城不肯离开，冲的就是这个优点。谁不想实际活得更长久一些，也能有更多时间来研究突破的问题。
所以只要来到知识之城的人，都恨不得在这里安家，或者能经常进入这里待一段时间。
但没有邀请函，没有积分，就算你是国王你也进不来。
可现在王叶竟然得到了一张邀请函，进来不用花积分那种，这在他那个时代几乎不可能。
王叶也高兴了，这份感谢他很喜欢。
虽说这座城坑了一点，但得到的好处也毋庸置疑。 Although this city is a little pitted, there is no doubt about the benefits obtained.
不说时间流速的优点，只这里出题还带奉送解题用的材料这点，就让他口水流满地。
他还正想着以后要怎么进来继续刷知识之塔这些地方。 He was still thinking about how he would come in and continue to farm the Tower of Knowledge in the future.
如果没有小海王送给他的这份邀请函，他以后再想进来，恐怕就要等到满五十级，开启困难级副本以后。
If he hadn't had this invitation from the Little Sea King, if he wanted to come in in the future, I'm afraid he would have to wait until he reached level fifty and opened the difficulty-level dungeon.
而且进入困难级副本花的经验值也多，有了邀请函，他就可以无限次进入，且不用花经验值了。
And it also costs a lot of experience to enter the hard level dungeon, and with an invitation, he can enter an unlimited number of times without spending experience points.
“谢谢。我很喜欢这份礼物。”王叶丝毫没有掩饰他的欢喜。
"Thank you. I loved the gift. Wang Ye did not hide his joy in the slightest.
小海王看他高兴，它也高兴：“你现在不能唤醒我的朋友，但我相信你以后可以。这座城里有好些地方很值得去，拥有这份邀请函，那些地方你都可以进去，只要你不怕死亡，你可以在那些地方得到很大提高。”
The little Sea King was happy to see him, and he was also happy: "You can't wake up my friend now, but I'm sure you can later." There are many places in this city that are worth visiting, and with this invitation, you can go to those places, and as long as you are not afraid of death, you can be greatly improved in those places. ”
“哦？都是什么地方？” "Oh? What are they? ”
“知识之塔，这是一定要去的地方。魔法异术塔，用来锻炼你的魔法或者异术，想要提高自己的战斗能力，一定要去这座塔。通天塔，那里有着全世界最古怪的难题，但如果你能解开任何一个，就可以得到非常高的积分。积分可以在城中交换任何你想要的东西，比如生命之树的树叶。”小海王力推这三座塔。
"Tower of Knowledge, this is a must-visit. The Magic Tower is used to exercise your magic or magic, and if you want to improve your combat ability, you must go to this tower. The Tower of Babel, which has some of the weirdest puzzles in the world, but if you can solve any of them, you can get very high points. Points can be exchanged for anything you want in the city, such as leaves from the Tree of Life. "Little Aquaman pushed these three towers.
“另外还有几座魔法塔，有些魔法塔里留下了魔法塔主人的传承，也可以去碰碰运气。不过有的魔法塔很危险，进去后你很有可能失去自己的身体和意识。”
"There are also several magic towers, some of which have left the inheritance of the owners of the magic towers, and you can also try your luck. However, some magic towers are dangerous, and there is a high chance that you will lose your body and consciousness once you enter them. ”
小海王说到这里，瞅瞅王叶和雷木：“你们喜欢炼金术吗？如果喜欢，你们也可以闯一闯我的好友的魔法塔。”
When the little sea king said this, he looked at Wang Ye and Lei Mu: "Do you like alchemy?" If you like, you can also break into my friend's magic tower. ”
“就是这座塔吗？” "Is this the tower?"
“对。这是居住区，学习和试炼区不在这里。如果你们打算提高自己的炼金术，我可以送你们过去。”
"Yes. This is the residential area, not the learning and trial area. If you plan to improve your alchemy, I can send you there. ”
雷木很是心动。 Lei Mu was very excited.
王叶同样。 Wang Ye is the same.
“在这座魔法塔中学习和试炼，会被惩罚和杀死吗？”王叶提前问道。
"Will you be punished and killed if you study and test in this magic tower?" Wang Ye asked in advance.
小海王：“这是避免不了的。不过……” Little Aquaman: "It's unavoidable. But ......"
小海王黑曜石一般的眼睛特别灵活地转动了一下，看起来竟有些调皮：“我们现在是朋友了，我可以送你们走最安全的学习试炼区，那是炼金王给弟子的待遇。”
The little Sea King's obsidian-like eyes turned very flexibly, and he looked a little naughty: "We are friends now, I can send you to the safest study trial area, that is the treatment that the Alchemy King gives to his disciples." ”
王叶跳起来：“那还等什么，走啊！” Wang Ye jumped up: "Then what are you waiting for, let's go!" ”
虫巢里，小云用脚丫来回踩踏一颗青色的珠子。 In the hive, Xiaoyun trampled a cyan bead back and forth with his foot.
这颗珠子在田地里咕噜噜地滚过来，貌似想要滚入湖水中，被小云发现了。
The bead gurgled and rolled in the field, as if it wanted to roll into the lake, and was discovered by Xiaoyun.
金宝儿从小云脚丫子下面抠出这颗珠子，也不嫌脏，直接就往嘴里塞。
Jin Bao'er pulled out the bead from under Xiaoyunjiao's foot, and it was not too dirty, so she stuffed it directly into her mouth.
咔嚓！ Click!
“皮卡叽！”好硬啊。 "Pikachi!" It's so hard.
但金宝儿本能地觉得这颗珠子对它有莫大好处，就是再硬，它也要抱着啃。
But Kimbell instinctively felt that this bead was of great benefit to it, even if it was hard, it would hold and gnaw on it.
小云见金宝拿珠子磨牙，那珠子也没什么奇怪的地方，就不管金宝了。
Xiao Yun saw that Jinbao grinded his teeth with beads, and there was nothing strange about the beads, so he didn't care about Jinbao.
第176章 青色蜘蛛 Chapter 176: Cyan Spider
晚上，王叶和雷木都没有回到虫巢休息，金宝团成一小团睡在雷木的枕头上，身上还盖着一个只有手帕大的卡通小被子。
At night, neither Wang Ye nor Lei Mu returned to the hive to rest, and Jin Bao slept on Lei Mu's pillow in a small group, covered with a small cartoon quilt the size of a handkerchief.
一颗占满金宝口水的青色珠子被他团在身体当中。 A cyan bead full of Jinbao's saliva was wrapped in his body.
感觉到金宝呼吸平稳后，青色珠子突然伸出了一条细细的腿，又伸出一条。
After feeling Jinbao's breathing steady, the cyan bead suddenly stretched out a thin leg and another one.
细长的腿跨过金宝的爪子，踩到枕头上。 The slender legs straddled Campbell's paws and stepped on the pillow.
青色珠子中伸出更多细长的腿稳住身体，瞬间变成一只青色的蜘蛛。
八条腿的蜘蛛盯着团在枕头上的金宝看。
一个精灵幼崽！
还是金系的纯血幼崽！
它白天还遇到了一个小树人宝宝！
这是什么可怕……美好的空间？
它不会在做梦吧？
噢！还有一个魔族！
它竟然看到了一个活生生的魔族。
虽然那个魔族感觉起来不是很强大，但那可是魔族！
青色蜘蛛感情复杂。要不是感觉到有魔族出现，它就不会被吓醒。如果不被吓醒，它就不会发现这个次空间的异常，从而让自己留下来。
青色蜘蛛醒醒神，开始了它的探险。
它先在小二楼中来回跑了一圈，它对小二楼中的东西都十分好奇，在浴室水龙头附近停留了好久，还爬上爬下。
昨天它感受到外面的湖泊里传来丰富的能量，更有浓郁的生机。
青色蜘蛛用细长的腿扭开了水龙头，有水流出来。
对，就是这个水。
青色蜘蛛陶醉地站在水池里，任由水流冲刷它的身体。
金光闪闪的浴室角落一只浮游光虫盯着它。
青色蜘蛛没有察觉，它关掉水龙头，又爬到电灯上。
之后青色蜘蛛离开浴室，它爬到了客厅，还试图打开那里的电脑和投影仪。
它昨晚看到那精灵幼崽和小树人在这里玩耍，也不知道它们怎么操作的，好像很简单，墙壁上就突然出现了影像和声音。
这种能留下影像和声音的魔器，它也会制作。
但墙壁上映出来的似乎与它知道的不太一样，尤其里面的生物和人类，特别古怪。
它还看到了人类和一种类似飞行蜥蜴的种族展开了大战，战争极为气势辉煌，天都打漏了，配的音乐也特别有史诗感。
但它真的不记得双月星什么时候展开过这样的大战，难道是知识之城出事以后的两百多年里发生的吗？
一只浮游光虫飞了起来，但此刻，这只浮游光虫竟然没有发出半点光芒，它在黑暗中盯着那只蜘蛛。
当那只蜘蛛换了地方，又有一只浮游光虫跟上了它。
青色蜘蛛爬出了小二楼，它停在原地似乎判断要去哪里，它本来想要去小湖泊，但它忽然感到似乎有更浓郁的能量从别的地方传来。
青色蜘蛛顺着那股能量的方向找到了就在小二楼后面的钟乳洞。
钟乳洞现在已经变了模样。
最前面是装满了海豆芽药泥的洞穴，湖泊里的水流顺着水道流到这里，经过海豆芽药泥流向更里面。
青色蜘蛛怔怔地看着这些黑泥，它能感觉出来这是好东西，同样蕴含一定生机。
但更浓郁的生机从洞穴深处传来。
青色蜘蛛就顺着那条水道往洞深处爬。
水流经过一条极为黑暗的通道。
通道里开满了晶莹剔透的花朵。
青色蜘蛛再次呆滞。它看东西不是用眼睛，而是凭借能量，所以再黑暗的环境，它都能看得清清楚楚，自然也看到了通道里生长旺盛的无垢花。
这是什么宝地？
竟然有这么多无垢花生长？！
青色蜘蛛小心沿着通道边沿往前，它不敢碰触到这些娇弱的花朵，就怕碰坏它们。
这可是无垢花呀。
但就算是无垢花也不能让它停下脚步，它能感觉到更重要的东西还在后面。
经过开满无垢花的漆黑通道，前面豁然开朗。
那是一个巨大的钟乳洞。
钟乳洞中，从海豆芽药泥洞穴一路流过来的水流绕着钟乳洞不知又流向哪里，也许是又流回小湖泊了吧。
丰富的水汽让洞顶上方有水流顺着钟乳石一滴滴落下，落到下方的光之玉石上，玉石中间的凹处放着四枚晶润的珠子。
四枚珠子周围聚集起了一碗宛如淡淡乳液的水，当凹陷里的水满出来，就顺着光之玉石落到下方的池子里。
A bowl of water like a faint emulsion gathered around the four beads, and when the water in the hollow was full, it fell down the jade of light into the pool below.
青色蜘蛛看到这些蕴满能量和生机的灵水，像是呆滞了。
The cyan spider seemed to be stunned when it saw these spiritual waters full of energy and vitality.
池子里的灵水不多，只有浅浅一层。 There is not much spiritual water in the pool, only a shallow layer.
但青色蜘蛛知道这些灵水有多宝贵，这东西根本可遇不可求！
最稀奇的是这些灵水里竟然蕴含那么旺盛的生机。
在这个小池子下方还有一个更大的池子。 There is a larger pool below this small pool.
小池子和大池子之间撑着一根宛如骨质，颜色奶白润滑的石柱。
Between the small and large pools is a stone pillar that looks like bone and has a milky white lubrication.
下方的大池子也许更应该说成是深潭。 The large pond below should perhaps be described as a deep pool.
外面流入的水流部分注入这深潭中，上面的灵水池也有些许灵水顺着石柱流下。
The water flowing from outside is partially poured into this deep pool, and the spiritual water pool above also has some spiritual water flowing down the stone pillar.
就在这深潭中心有个小小的岛屿，那石柱就是从这岛屿顶上去，与上面的灵水池相连。
There is a small island in the center of this deep pool, and the stone pillar is from the top of this island and is connected to the spiritual pool above.
而小岛屿上有一个看起来很普通只是比较大个的扇贝，扇贝旁边还有一只小小的角。
On the small island, there is a scallop that looks ordinary but is relatively large, and there is a small horn next to the scallop.
上方灵水顺着石柱流下来时总会先流经小角和贝壳，之后才会流入潭水中。
When the spiritual water flows down the stone pillar, it always flows through the small horns and shells before flowing into the pool.
青色蜘蛛已经搞不清楚那旺盛的生机到底是从上方的小池子中溢出，还是从下方的深潭中。
The cyan spider couldn't figure out whether the exuberant life was spilling from the small pool above or from the deep pool below.
它现在就知道一点，这钟乳洞里有异宝，还不止一个！ It now knows that there is more than one treasure in this stalactite cave!
王叶这时候还不知道他在寻找别人家的宝藏时，别人也溜进他家里，把他最珍贵的宝藏都找到了。
Wang Ye didn't know at this time that when he was looking for someone else's treasure, someone else also slipped into his house and found his most precious treasure.
青色蜘蛛都舍不得离开这个钟乳洞了，但它这具身体就是一个魔器，就算泡在这潭水里又有什么用？
The cyan spider is reluctant to leave this stalactite cave, but its body is a magic weapon, even if it is soaked in this pool of water, what is the use?
之前青色蜘蛛还很不高兴那个小鬼把它的床和身体弄进这个次空间里，后来看小孩又放回去，它才没有出手惩罚那小鬼……它可不是因为小孩身边跟着一个魔族，它才没有出手，绝不是。
Before, the cyan spider was very unhappy that the imp had put its bed and body into this space, but when it saw that the child had put it back again, it didn't punish the imp...... It's not because the child is following a demon that it didn't make a move, by no means.
现在青色蜘蛛特别想让那小鬼再把它的身体放进来。小鬼想要那张大床，送给他就是，有多少送多少。
Now the cyan spider especially wants the imp to put his body in again. The little ghost wants that big bed, and he gives it to him, as many as he wants.
就不知道那小鬼是坐拥宝山而不自知，还是故意不愿意唤醒他。
I don't know if the little ghost is sitting on the treasure mountain without knowing it, or if he is deliberately unwilling to wake him up.
就凭这里的浓郁生机，还要什么生机药剂！把它身体泡入这个潭水中，它的身体机能有至少六成可能会自然复苏。
With the rich vitality here, what kind of vitality medicine do you need! Soak its body in this pool, and its bodily functions are at least 60% likely to revive naturally.
青色蜘蛛看着这个钟乳洞的一切，十分痴迷。 The cyan spider looked at everything in this stalactite cave and was very obsessed.
如果可能，它想把这个次空间里的一切都抢占下来。 If possible, it wants to take everything in this subspace.
“靳元辉？”一道苍老的声音陡然在青色蜘蛛身后响起。
"Jin Yuanhui?" An old voice suddenly sounded behind the cyan spider.
青色蜘蛛僵硬了一瞬。 The cyan spider stiffened for a moment.
漆黑的洞穴忽然明亮起来，大量浮游光虫发出了光芒。 The pitch-black cavern suddenly brightened, and a large number of planktonic light insects emitted light.
一道身影浮现。 A figure emerged.
那是一个……亡灵，不是活人。 That's a ...... The undead, not the living.
“余生药王？！”青色蜘蛛觉得自从进入这个次空间后，它经受到的震荡就一波比一波重。
"The Rest of the Medicine King?!" The cyan spider felt that since entering this subspace, it had been subjected to heavier shocks than waves.
“你转修亡灵了？你……怎么这么弱？”青色蜘蛛感到不可思议。
"Have you turned to the undead? You...... Why is it so weak? "The cyan spider was incredible.
疯药王幽幽一叹：“我的情况比较复杂，原本我以为自己死透了，但当我的弟子继承了我的药典后，我才发现我没有死透，我死后的灵魂竟然被吸入药典中。之后，你懂的，为了教导那个小混蛋，我只能转修亡灵了。”
The Mad Medicine King sighed faintly: "My situation is more complicated, originally I thought I was dead, but when my disciple inherited my pharmacopoeia, I found out that I was not dead, and my soul after death was actually sucked into the pharmacopoeia." After that, you know, in order to teach that little bastard, I had to turn to the undead. ”
“那个小孩是你的弟子？” "That kid is your disciple?"
“对。”疯药王无视王叶压根就没承认过这点，非常理直气壮地点头。
"Yes." The Mad Medicine King ignored Wang Ye and never admitted this at all, and nodded very justifiably.
“怪不得……” "No wonder ......"
“你现在是什么情况？”疯药王反问。 "What's your situation now?" The Mad Medicine King asked rhetorically.
青色蜘蛛看到老友还“活”着，心情一时极好，“我的情况和你差不多，我以为自己的灵魂已经被完全封闭并沉睡在我那具身体中，但某天我突然就醒了过来。这具身体……是我最后的作品，十级。我已经达到圣级了。”
The cyan spider was in a very good mood when she saw that her old friend was still "alive", "My situation is similar to yours, I thought my soul had been completely sealed and sleeping in my body, but one day I suddenly woke up. This body ...... It's my last work, grade 10. I've reached the holy level. ”
青色蜘蛛满是炫耀地道。 The cyan spider is full of ostentatious authenticity.
疯药王切了一声：“好像谁没有达到圣级似的。” The Mad Medicine King cut off: "It seems that no one has reached the holy level." ”
两位大佬突然一起沉默，又一起发出了一声像是领悟了什么的叹息。
The two bigwigs suddenly fell silent together, and let out a sigh together as if they had comprehended something.
“看来圣级是关键。” "It seems that the Holy Rank is the key."
“圣级可以让灵魂长存？” "Holy level can make souls last forever?"
“你现在是分魂状态吗？我很确定你那具人形身体里也有灵魂存在。”疯药王道。
"Are you in a state of distraction now? I'm pretty sure there's a soul in your humanoid body, too. "The King of Crazy Medicine.
“也不算是分魂，只是一种魂力的运用方法。我的灵魂不在这个魔器上，但我的意识在，这个魔器可以承载我的意识，受我的魂力操控。”
"It's not a soul split, it's just a method of using soul power. My soul is not on this magic weapon, but my consciousness is there, and this magic weapon can carry my consciousness and be controlled by my soul power. ”
“魂力？”疯药王想到了王小叶和小光之间的共感能力，似乎和靳元辉用魂力远距离操纵魔器的能力很像。
"Soul power?" The Mad Medicine King thought of the empathy between Wang Xiaoye and Xiaoguang, which seemed to be very similar to Jin Yuanhui's ability to manipulate magic weapons from a distance with soul power.
“哦，这是魔族的说法，我们叫精神力。”
“隔着次空间也能操纵？”
“这次空间是属于那小孩的吗？我不知道那小孩做了什么，但现在这个次空间和外面的空间是相通的。”
疯药王猜测可能是王小叶做了什么，也许想要看到和听到外面的一切，就得让两个空间相通。
“知识之城到底发生了什么事？”疯药王忍不住问。
“我真没想到还能再见到你。”青色蜘蛛同时感叹。
“老伙计，我们先离开这里。你要是再不走，那些虫子就要攻击你了。”疯药王警告道。
青色蜘蛛表示它的这具身体达到十级，除非那些发光的虫子也达到十级，否则就不可能对它造成伤害。
疯药王呵呵：“你可别小瞧这些虫子，走吧。这是那小混蛋的地盘，你来这里，他会不高兴。这可是他的次空间，你就算是十级，他杀不了你，折腾你一通再把你扔出去还是能做到的。”
青色蜘蛛飞出一连串问号。喂喂喂，你还是那个疯药王吗？怎么我听着你像是很怂你那个小弟子？
The cyan spider flew out a series of question marks. Hey, hey, are you still the mad medicine king? Why do I think you seem to be very cowardly to your little disciple?
疯药王拒绝回答这个问题。 The Mad Medicine King refused to answer this question.
“那小混蛋回来了，赶紧走！”疯药王催促。小光告状太快。
"That little bastard is back, hurry up!" The Mad Medicine King urged. Xiaoguang sued too quickly.
青色蜘蛛再不舍，还是要给老友几分面子，而且它还有求于人，到底还是离开钟乳洞，跟着疯药王来到种植区，在湖泊边的石椅坐下。
No matter how reluctant the cyan spider is, it still has to give its old friend some face, and it still has to ask for help, in the end it is better to leave the stalactite cave, follow the mad medicine king to the planting area, and sit down on the stone chair by the lake.
王叶铁青着脸，插腰看着石椅上的青色蜘蛛。 Wang Yetie blushed and looked at the cyan spider on the stone chair.
雷木就站在他身后。 Remu was standing right behind him.
雷木当时还在和王叶一起闯关，王叶对炼金的基础没有雷木好，雷木一边闯关一边指点王叶。
Lei Mu was still breaking through the level with Wang Ye at that time, Wang Ye's foundation for alchemy was not as good as Lei Mu, and Lei Mu instructed Wang Ye while breaking through.
可就在他们做一道题时，王叶突然变色，说：“有什么闯入钟乳洞了。”
But just as they were doing a question, Wang Ye suddenly changed color and said, "Something has broken into the stalactite cave." ”
但那时正是做题的紧急关头，王叶一时无法分身。不过他分神查看钟乳洞内部时，那青色蜘蛛并没做什么过分的事，王叶这才没有立刻回转，而是加快了做题速度。
But at that time, it was an urgent juncture to do the question, and Wang Ye couldn't be separated for a while. However, when he was distracted to check the inside of the stalactite cave, the cyan spider did not do anything excessive, and Wang Ye did not turn around immediately, but sped up the speed of doing the question.
之后小光来告状，说疯药王认识那个闯入者。
王叶一直在分神观察钟乳洞，自然也看到疯药王出现和那青色蜘蛛对话的一幕。
等到疯药王爆出青色蜘蛛的身份，王叶的脸色就挂了下来。
When the Mad Medicine King revealed the identity of the cyan spider, Wang Ye's face hung up.
他在生气。 He's angry.
生自己的气。 Be angry with yourself.
青色蜘蛛哪里来的？除了是他自己带进去的，还能有谁？
Where did the cyan spider come from? Who else could there be but him who else brought it in?
想到就因为一时贪心，就把一个超级强大的大佬弄到了自己的窝里，他就后悔无比。
Thinking that because of his greed, he got a super powerful boss into his nest, and he regretted it very much.
更不要说那青色蜘蛛看着他的钟乳洞，看着他的灵水，看着金宝小云贝贝他们直流口水的馋样！
Not to mention the cyan spider looking at his stalactite hole, looking at his spiritual water, and looking at Jinbao Xiaoyun Beibei and their drooling greed!
虽说虫巢受他控制，但那青色蜘蛛可是十级魔器，操纵那魔器的还是一名进入圣级的超级炼金大佬，他就算能把对方赶出去，他的虫巢必然也会受到一定损失。
Although the hive is controlled by him, the cyan spider is a tenth-level magic weapon, and the person who controls the magic weapon is still a super alchemy boss who has entered the holy level, even if he can drive the other party out, his hive will inevitably suffer a certain loss.
他甚至不敢立刻切断虫巢空间和外面空间的联系。他担心那个十级魔器在没有主人操控后会直接展开攻击模式。
He didn't even dare to immediately cut off the connection between the hive space and the outer space. He was worried that the tenth-level magic weapon would directly launch an attack mode after it was not controlled by its owner.
到时候只要他把青色蜘蛛扔出虫巢的速度慢上一分，一个十级魔器可以对虫巢造成的伤害，绝对是他不想看到的。
At that time, as long as he threw the cyan spider out of the hive one point slower, the damage that a tenth-level magic weapon could do to the hive was definitely something he didn't want to see.
这真的是糟糕透顶！ It's really bad!
第177章 谈判 Chapter 177: Negotiation
“小家伙，我们谈谈。” "Little one, let's talk."
不等王叶爆发，青色蜘蛛就立刻摆出了万事好商量的良好态度。
Without waiting for Wang Ye to break out, the cyan spider immediately put on a good attitude that everything was good to discuss.
王叶：“不在这里谈，出去说。” Wang Ye: "Don't talk about it here, go out and talk about it." ”
青色蜘蛛叹息：“不是我想赖在这里，而是外面不安全，我们说的话会被某个存在听到。”
The cyan spider sighed, "It's not that I want to stay here, it's that it's not safe outside, and what we say will be heard by some being." ”
王叶当然知道外面不安全，但他曾经试探过，他说出了他对搏命之城城主身份的推测，可那个暗中窥探他的存在似乎毫无反应。
Of course, Wang Ye knew that it was not safe outside, but he had tried it, and he had speculated about his identity as the city lord of the Fighting City, but the one who was secretly spying on his existence did not seem to react.
不过王叶后来很快就想通了，这两百多年里，也不知有多少大佬来过这座城市，他们只会比他王叶更聪明、想得更多，他能想到的，那些大佬可能早就分析出来，甚至比他发现还多。
However, Wang Ye quickly figured it out later, in the past two hundred years, I don't know how many bigwigs have been to this city, they will only be smarter and think more than him Wang Ye, what he can think of, those bigwigs may have already been analyzed, and even more than he discovered.
所以哪怕他貌似对城主身份分析了一大堆，还说了一堆对老怪物们不敬的话，对于某个或某些存在来说也是不疼不痒的范畴，因为相关言论他们已经听得太多。
So even if he seems to have analyzed a lot of the identity of the city lord, and said a lot of disrespectful things to the old monsters, it is not a painful category for a certain or certain existence, because they have heard too many relevant remarks.
没看他身边带着一个魔族，还有一个次空间，次空间里明显还有其他存在，那窥探他的人也没有特别做什么吗？
I didn't see that he was carrying a demon clan by his side, and there was a sub-space, and there were obviously other existences in the sub-space, so didn't the person who snooped on him do anything in particular?
只除了他想利用虫巢来躲避做题的时候，对方才派出巡逻者想要击毁他的次空间。
It was only when he wanted to use the hive to dodge that the other party sent a patrol to destroy his subspace.
总而言之，王叶总结出，在这个搏命之城里，只要你不违反规则，那一切都好说。
All in all, Wang Ye concluded that in this city of life, as long as you don't break the rules, then everything is easy to say.
所以青色蜘蛛说外面说话不安全云云，王叶根本不相信，他觉得青色蜘蛛就是想要赖在他这里。
So the cyan spider said that it was not safe to talk outside, Wang Ye didn't believe it at all, he felt that the cyan spider just wanted to stay here.
疯药王很想知道当年到底发生了什么事，就打圆场道：“先听听老靳想谈什么吧。”
The Mad Medicine King wanted to know what happened back then, so he said, "Let's listen to what Lao Jin wants to talk about first." ”
王叶甩给疯药王一个白眼。 Wang Ye threw a roll of the eyes at the mad medicine king.
青色蜘蛛：有点不妙啊，这小子一副刺头的模样，连自己的师父都敢甩白眼，如果他想端前辈的架子恐怕不会有什么好果子吃。算了，有求于人，他还是放低态度吧。
Cyan Spider: It's a bit bad, this kid looks like a prick, even his master dares to roll his eyes, if he wants to serve the shelf of his predecessors, I'm afraid there won't be any good fruit to eat. Forget it, if he asks for someone, he should lower his attitude.
是男人就要能曲能伸！ If you are a man, you must be able to bend and stretch!
疯药王镇不住王小叶，只能看雷木。 The mad medicine king couldn't stop Wang Xiaoye, so he could only look at Lei Mu.
雷木对疯药王还是有一定尊重心的，见之，就把手放到了小叶子的肩膀上。
Lei Mu still has a certain respect for the Mad Medicine King, and when he saw it, he put his hand on Xiao Yezi's shoulder.
“靳王大人，当年知识之城到底发生了什么事？” "Lord King Jin, what happened in the City of Knowledge back then?"
王叶一听雷木开口，他也就没再坚持必须要到外面说，而是拉着雷木在另一边坐下。
As soon as Wang Ye heard Lei Mu speak, he didn't insist that he had to go outside to speak, but pulled Lei Mu to sit down on the other side.
青色蜘蛛的态度异常得好：“不用叫我靳王大人，叫我老靳就好。你是魔族？”
The cyan spider's attitude was unusually good: "You don't need to call me Lord Jin Wang, just call me Lao Jin." Are you a demon? ”
雷木没回答这个问题。 Raimu didn't answer the question.
青色蜘蛛也没有追问，而是看着靠在雷木身上的王叶，感叹：“你们感情真好，难得。我还是第一次看到魔族如此亲近一个人类。”
The cyan spider didn't ask, but looked at Wang Ye who was leaning on Lei Mu's body, and sighed: "Your relationship is so good, it's rare." It's the first time I've seen a demon so close to a human. ”
没有人接他的话茬。 No one answered his words.
青色蜘蛛竟然也不尴尬，话题一转，就一副追忆的口吻说道：“余生药王，你不知道，当年你走得真的非常及时，后来城里发生那样的变故，我还想着你是不是已经事先察觉了什么，才会那么匆忙离开。”
The cyan spider was not embarrassed, and as soon as the topic changed, he said in a reminiscent tone: "The rest of the medicine king, you don't know, you left really in time back then, and then there was such an accident in the city, I still wonder if you have noticed something in advance, so you will leave in such a hurry." ”
“我就是感觉自己没多少年可活了，不想把时间都消耗在研究延寿药剂上，这才会离开。”疯药王说当年他想找个传人，没找到，就把时间和精力都用在编著药典上。
"I just don't feel like I have many years to live, and I don't want to spend all my time researching life-prolonging potions, so I'm leaving." The mad medicine king said that he wanted to find a successor, but when he didn't find it, he spent his time and energy compiling a pharmacopoeia.
但疯药王也承认，他当时确实感到知识之城的氛围不太对劲，大家为了长生和突破都太疯狂了。
But the Mad Medicine King also admitted that he did feel that the atmosphere in the City of Knowledge was not quite right, and everyone was too crazy for immortality and breakthrough.
“有钱有势活得好还有能力的人，谁不想一直这么活下去呢。”青色蜘蛛……靳元辉苦笑道。
"People who are rich, powerful, well-lived, and capable, who doesn't want to live like this all the time." Cyan Spider ...... Jin Yuanhui smiled bitterly.
只有活得不开心、活得太辛苦的人，才会盼着通过死亡来得到解脱，有些人更是把希望都寄托于来世。
Only those who are unhappy and living too hard will hope for liberation through death, and some people even pin their hopes on the afterlife.
如果一个人有能力、有美貌、有智慧、有钱财、有地位，身体健康还能永葆青春，他会想死吗？
If a person has the ability, beauty, wisdom, wealth, status, good health, and eternal youth, will he want to die?
当时知识之城里的许多人就是如此，他们拥有比世上九成九以上的人都要优厚得多的条件，他们怎么愿意放弃这一切？
This was the case with many people in the City of Knowledge at that time, who had far better conditions than more than ninety percent of the people in the world, and how could they be willing to give it all up?
“跟五位长老有关？”疯药王问。 "Something to do with the five elders?" The Mad Medicine King asked.
靳元辉叹息：“是。你肯定想不到，五位长老竟然没有一个清醒的，他们全都疯了，我不知道是谁先起的头，总之，在我发现事态不妙的时候，五位长老已经联手。”
Jin Yuanhui sighed: "Yes." You must not have imagined that none of the five elders were sober, they were all crazy, I don't know who started first, in short, when I found out that the situation was not good, the five elders had joined forces. ”
一开始，只有少数天才失踪，但在疯药王离开没多久，失踪的人数越来越多。
In the beginning, only a few geniuses disappeared, but not long after the mad medicine king left, the number of missing people increased.
不止是知识之城中有人失踪，外面失踪的人更多。 It's not just people missing in the City of Knowledge, but even more people out there.
靳元辉能知道这件事，还是双月魔法学校的校长求到他这里，请他帮忙弄个魔器找寻失踪的学生。他在该校挂了一个教授的名，和校长是朋友。
Jin Yuanhui could know about this, but the principal of the Shuangyue Magic School begged him and asked him to help find a magic weapon to find the missing student. He was named a professor at the school and was friends with the president.
当时的双月校长说他们学校陆续有上百个学生失踪，其中有好些孩子还是学校特别重视的天才，这些学生失踪地点都不一样。他们学校下了死力气寻找，但连半点蛛丝马迹都没找到。
The principal at the time said that hundreds of students in their school had disappeared one after another, and many of them were geniuses that the school particularly valued, and these students disappeared in different places. Their school tried their best to find it, but they couldn't find even the slightest clue.
失踪案刚发生时，各大学校都以为是正常的历练损耗。 When the disappearance first occurred, all major schools thought it was a normal loss of experience.
但当失踪数量陡然上升，事情就完全不一样了。 But when the number of disappearances rises dramatically, things are completely different.
而且各大学校互相一打听，发现彼此学校里都有学生失踪，加起来数量已经达到一个很可怕的数字，并且失踪的学生中不少都是学校的重点苗子。
Moreover, when the major schools inquired about each other, they found that there were students missing in each other's schools, and the combined number had reached a terrible number, and many of the missing students were the key seedlings of the school.
各大魔法学校当即联手，和魔法师公会、佣兵公会一起联合破解失踪案。
The major magic schools immediately joined forces and worked with the Wizards' Guild and the Mercenary Guild to solve the disappearance case.
等到佣兵公会和魔法师公会的消息一集中，众位大佬骇然发现，双月星在短短十年内，有名有姓的失踪人口竟然达到近十万。
这还不包括一些偏远地区，和一些流浪者的失踪案，更不包括某些陷入战争中的地区的失踪人口。
This does not include the disappearances of remote areas and homeless people, not to mention the missing persons in certain areas caught up in war.
除了人类，其他智慧种族也发现他们的族人有好些出了门就没再回来。
各智慧种族认定是人族对他们下手，联合起来和人类开战。
The intelligent races decided that it was the Terrans who attacked them, and united to wage war against the humans.
这场战争规模不算大，但波及面很广。 The scale of this war is not large, but the impact is widespread.
打到后来，与智慧种族有良好关系的各位大佬出面，恳请大家坐下来和谈。
After the fight, all the bigwigs who have a good relationship with the intelligent race came forward and implored everyone to sit down and talk.
彼此一沟通，双方才发现彼此都有人口失踪，而人类更多。
As soon as they communicated with each other, both sides realized that both sides had missing people, and there were more humans.
“当时所有种族都在怀疑魔族，那时候不少魔种都倒了大霉。”靳元辉自己就是魔种，自然会把感情偏向魔种。
"At that time, all races were suspicious of the demon race, and many demon races were unlucky at that time." Jin Yuanhui himself is a demon seed, so he will naturally bias his feelings towards the demon seed.
“可后来我在无意间中发现某位长老的地牢里竟然关押了十多个魔种。然后我又进一步调查，才知道外面那些被抓的魔种竟然大多都被送到了知识之城，落到了那五个长老手中。”
"But then I stumbled upon a certain elder's dungeon where more than a dozen demon seeds were imprisoned. Then I investigated further, only to learn that most of the captured demon seeds outside had been sent to the City of Knowledge and fell into the hands of those five elders. ”
靳元辉惨笑：“失踪案，各族战争，乃至魔种倒霉，从头到尾都是那五个老怪物掀起的阴谋。”
Jin Yuanhui laughed miserably: "The disappearance case, the war of various races, and even the bad luck of the demon species, from beginning to end, are all conspiracies set off by those five old monsters." ”
“一环套一环，各族发生战争，死伤者无数，更失踪者无数，这些人好多都成了那些老怪物的实验材料。包括后来把污水泼到魔族身上，也是为了把魔种牵涉进来。这样那些老怪物才有正当理由满天下的搜索魔种。他们还能装个好人，让大家把抓到的魔种都送到知识之城来，说他们会帮助这些魔种，隔绝魔族和魔种之间的联系。”
"One ring after another, there are wars among various races, countless dead and wounded, and countless missing, and many of these people have become experimental materials for those old monsters. Including splashing sewage on the demons later, it was also to involve the demon seeds. In this way, those old monsters have a legitimate reason to search for demon seeds all over the world. They can also pretend to be good people and ask everyone to send all the demon seeds they have caught to the City of Knowledge, saying that they will help these demon seeds and cut off the connection between the demon race and the demon seed. ”
幸好他是炼金王，幸好他负责整座城所有傀儡的维修和炼制。像他这种人，怎么可能不在自己的作品上开后门？
Fortunately, he is the Alchemy King, and fortunately, he is responsible for the maintenance and refining of all the puppets in the entire city. How could someone like him not open a back door to his work?
拥有那些傀儡，他相当于是拥有了监视整座城的眼睛和耳朵。
With those puppets, he had the eyes and ears to watch over the city.
如此，他才比其他人更早地发现那五名长老的疯狂。 In this way, he discovered the madness of the five elders before the others.
“我原本想要收集证据，揭露那五个老怪物的阴谋和疯狂。但就在大长老出面拉拢我，让我参加长生会，我说会考虑后……我的身体忽然就垮掉了。”
"I originally wanted to gather evidence to expose the intrigue and madness of those five old monsters. But just after the Great Elder came forward to woo me and let me participate in the Immortal Meeting, I said that I would consider it...... All of a sudden, my body collapsed. ”
王叶听到“长生会”这个名字，双拳突然握紧，眼中迸射出强烈的恨意和杀意。
When Wang Ye heard the name "Immortal Society", his fists suddenly clenched, and his eyes burst out with strong hatred and killing intent.
雷木心惊。 Reimu was terrified.
长生会！当年带头杀死他师父和木木的组织就是这个该死一万遍的长生会！王叶怎么也没想到他会在这个时候就听到这个组织名。
Immortal Society! The organization that took the lead in killing his master and Mu Mu back then was this Immortal Society that should have died ten thousand times! Wang Ye never thought that he would hear the name of this organization at this time.
另一边，疯药王和靳元辉的对话还在继续。 On the other side, the conversation between the Mad Drug King and Jin Yuanhui continued.
“忽然？有人谋害你？”疯药王竖起眉毛。 "Suddenly? Someone plotted to kill you? The Mad Medicine King raised an eyebrow.
靳元辉默认：“我监视他们的事，应该被那几个老怪物发现了，自那之后，我就失去了对全城傀儡的控制权。感谢你当初给我留下的一堆药剂，靠着那些药剂，我没有立刻死掉。但我的身体器官还是受到了影响，我不甘心就这么完蛋，就把毒素全都集中到一部分身体中。”
Jin Yuanhui acquiesced: "I should have been discovered by those old monsters, and since then, I have lost control of the puppets in the whole city." Thank you for the potions you left me in the first place, and I didn't die right away from them. But my body organs were still affected, and I was not willing to be left to die, so I concentrated all the toxins in one part of my body. ”
“我用炼金零件更换了那些坏掉的躯体和内脏，也因为这件事，导致我无法及时离开这座城，也无法去揭发那些老怪物，主要是我也不知道我该相信谁。当时看谁都很可疑，似乎所有和我们等级差不多的人都有可能加入了那几个老怪物的阵营。最后，我只能竭尽全力去炼制一具高等级的炼金身体以保存我剩下的器官和我的灵魂。”
"I replaced the broken bodies and internal organs with alchemy parts, and because of this, I couldn't leave the city in time, and I couldn't expose the old monsters, mainly because I didn't know who to trust. At the time, everyone looked suspicious, and it seemed that everyone of our rank might have joined the camp of those old monsters. In the end, I could only do my best to refine a high-grade alchemy body to preserve my remaining organs and my soul. ”
“我还把自己的魔法塔和即将沉眠的身体都委托给一位好友，你们已经见过它了。它原本也是一个傀儡，初代傀儡。它的父亲是一名魔族炼金师。”
"I've also entrusted my magic tower and my sleeping body to a friend, you've seen it. It was also originally a puppet, the first puppet. Its father was a demon alchemist. ”
说到这里，青色蜘蛛还特意看向雷木。 Speaking of which, the cyan spider also deliberately looked at Lei Mu.
雷木却在看着王叶。 Lei Mu was looking at Wang Ye.
王叶低着头，不知在想什么。 Wang Ye lowered his head, not knowing what he was thinking.
靳元辉猜不出这个魔族到底是个什么心态混迹在这里，只能接着说道：“就在海王藏起我的魔法塔不久，城里突然爆发大乱，无数怪物也不知从哪里跑出来，到处杀人和肆掠。没有反应过来和实力低微的人都死了。反应过来的人也被怪物围杀，只有少数人逃出了知识之城。”
Jin Yuanhui couldn't guess what kind of mentality this demon clan was messing around here, so he could only continue: "Not long after the Sea King hid my magic tower, chaos suddenly broke out in the city, and countless monsters ran out of nowhere, killing people and plundering everywhere. Those who did not react and were of low strength died. Those who reacted were also besieged by monsters, and only a few escaped from the City of Knowledge. ”
疯药王忍不住打断靳元辉描述，问道：“那五个老怪物呢？他们那时候在哪里？”
The Mad Medicine King couldn't help but interrupt Jin Yuanhui's description and asked, "What about the five old monsters?" Where were they then? ”
“他们也变成怪物了。”靳元辉淡淡道，所有伤痛和震惊都已深埋到过去的记忆里。
"They've become monsters, too." Jin Yuanhui said lightly, all the pain and shock have been buried deep in the memories of the past.
“如果不是他们也变成怪物，知识之城也不会死伤那么厉害。你想那五个老怪物有多厉害，只他们五个老家伙就能干翻整座知识之城。”
"If it weren't for the fact that they had also become monsters, the City of Knowledge would not have been so dead. You think how powerful those five old monsters are, just five of them can take down the entire city of knowledge. ”
“他们还活着？” "Are they still alive?"
“我不知道。我只知道当时城中所有人和怪物分成了三拨，大家彼此打来打去。整座城都被他们打烂了。”
"I don't know. All I know is that everyone and the monsters in the city were divided into three groups, and everyone was fighting each other. They destroyed the whole city. ”
“现在的城主是谁？”疯药王追问。 "Who is the current lord of the city?" The Mad Medicine King asked.
“一个怪物。”靳元辉道。 "A monster." Jin Yuanhui said.
疯药王皱眉：“我知道是怪物，我是问这个怪物原本是谁？”
The Mad Medicine King frowned: "I know it's a monster, I'm asking who this monster was originally?" ”
靳元辉沉默了一会儿，才说道：“没有人知道这个怪物原本是谁，也许是某个综合体，谁知道呢。”
Jin Yuanhui was silent for a while before he said: "No one knows who this monster originally was, maybe it was some complex, who knows." ”
疯药王举起手指：“等等，你当时受伤躲在垃圾山里不能出去，我能理解。但还有其他人呢？那么多九级的武宗和法宗呢？”
The Mad Medicine King raised his finger: "Wait, you were injured and hid in the garbage mountain and couldn't get out, I can understand it." But what about others? What about so many ninth-level Martial Sects and Dharma Sects? ”
靳元辉这次沉默的时间更长：“城中后来出现的失踪者中就有不少武宗和法宗，因为他们层次太高，他们失踪，大家都没有往失踪想，只以为他们自己离开了知识之城，出去游历或办事了。”
Jin Yuanhui was silent for a longer time this time: "Among the missing people who appeared later in the city, there were many Martial Sects and Fa Sects, because their level was too high, they disappeared, and everyone didn't think about going missing, they just thought that they had left the City of Knowledge and went out to travel or run errands. ”
“你别告诉我这些失踪的武宗和法宗后来都变成了怪物。”疯药王脸色也变得难看起来。
"Don't tell me that these missing Martial Sects and Fa Sects have all turned into monsters later." The Mad Medicine King's face also became ugly.
靳元辉：“差不多了，就算没有整个变成怪物，也肯定有一部分在怪物身上。”
Jin Yuanhui: "Almost, even if it doesn't become a monster entirely, there must be a part of the monster." ”
这话说的简直让疯药王毛骨悚然。 What he said made the mad medicine king creepy.
靳元辉又道：“你想，如果没有这些达到九级甚至十级的怪物，这座防守达到十级的城怎么会被毁掉？为什么只有极少数的人逃出去？那场大战，你没有亲眼见到，根本无法想象有多么可怕。”
Jin Yuanhui said again: "Do you think, if there were not these monsters that had reached level nine or even ten, how could this city with a defense level of ten levels be destroyed?" Why did only so few escape? You can't imagine how terrible that big battle was without seeing it with your own eyes. ”
“垃圾山为什么能保留下来？”王叶冷不丁问道。 "Why did the garbage mountain survive?" Wang Ye asked coldly.
靳元辉一顿，回答：“海王很厉害。城中那么多傀儡也不是好惹的，它们保护了垃圾山，也保护了一些重要建筑。”
Jin Yuanhui was stunned and replied: "Sea King is very powerful. The puppets in the city are not to be messed with, they protect the garbage mountain, and also protect some important buildings. ”
王叶总觉得靳元辉的停顿很古怪，就像是还隐瞒了某些很重要的信息。
Wang Ye always felt that Jin Yuanhui's pause was very strange, as if he was hiding some very important information.
“五个老怪物可以列为一个阵营，出了问题叛变的怪物们是第二个阵营，城中或知情或不知情的城民们是第三个阵营，海王和它率领的傀儡们是第四个阵营？”王叶冷冷道。
"The five old monsters can be listed as one camp, the monsters who defected are the second camp, the people in the city who know or don't know are the third camp, and the Sea King and the puppets he leads are the fourth camp?" Wang Ye said coldly.
靳元辉心惊，这个小孩年纪不大，脑子却转得极快。 Jin Yuanhui was frightened, this child was not very old, but his brain turned extremely fast.
王叶眼神刺人：“你说原本城中的傀儡归你管，你被暗算后，傀儡的管理权就被夺走。是被谁夺走了？最后这份管理权又怎么到了海王手上？”
Wang Ye's eyes were piercing: "You said that the puppets in the original city were under your control, but after you were plotted, the management of the puppets was taken away." Who took it away? In the end, how did this management come into the hands of Aquaman? ”
靳元辉有点明白为什么堂堂疯药王有点怂他这个小弟子了，这小子的眼神看人真的很可怕，像刀尖一样锐利。
Jin Yuanhui kind of understood why the dignified Mad Medicine King was a little instigated on him as a little disciple, this kid's eyes were really terrifying, as sharp as the tip of a knife.
“……海王的事情，你可以自己问它。”靳元辉避重就轻地道。
“…… Something about Aquaman, you can ask it yourself. Jin Yuanhui avoided the important and said lightly.
他这么一说，疯药王和雷木都听出海王和傀儡不对劲了，它们肯定在知识之城的那场灾难中扮演了一个非常重要的角色，重要到可以影响战局和结果。
As soon as he said this, both the Mad Medicine King and Remu could tell that something was wrong with the Sea King and the puppet, and they must have played a very important role in the disaster in the City of Knowledge, important enough to affect the outcome of the battle.
而知识之城能留下几座重要建筑，比如知识之塔、魔法异术塔、通天塔和其他魔法塔，应该都是海王和傀儡们的功劳。
The City of Knowledge was able to leave several important buildings, such as the Tower of Knowledge, the Tower of Magical Magic, the Tower of Babel, and other magic towers, which should be the work of the Sea King and the puppets.
想想看，小海王甚至可以送给王叶一份自由进出这个秘境的邀请函。
Come to think of it, the little Sea King could even give Wang Ye an invitation to enter and exit this secret realm freely.
这是普通角色能做到的吗？ Is this something that a normal character can do?
就不怕城主翻脸？ Aren't you afraid that the city lord will turn his face?
王叶脑中忽然闪过一个想法，这个想法有点可怕，让他不敢再深想下去。
A thought suddenly flashed in Wang Ye's mind, this thought was a bit terrifying, and he didn't dare to think about it further.
雷木单手放到王叶的背脊上，小叶子的心情变化让他十分担心，他不知道王叶具体在想什么，但能感觉到那强烈的恨意和杀意。
Lei Mu put one hand on Wang Ye's back, Xiao Yezi's mood change made him very worried, he didn't know what Wang Ye was thinking, but he could feel the strong hatred and killing intent.
最让他头大的是，他搞不清楚小叶子这份强烈恨意和杀意是从哪里冒出来的。
What made his head big the most was that he couldn't figure out where Xiao Yezi's strong hatred and killing intent came from.
王叶下意识握住雷木的手指。 Wang Ye subconsciously held Lei Mu's fingers.
忽然，王叶对着他的木木绽开了一个大大的笑脸。
事已至此，反正这个秘境不会真的死亡，而且就算是城主也要遵守规则，如此，他和雷木就算死上一次乃至N次，大不了就损失一些生命力和精神力，以后不再进来呗。
至于长生会……
不急，他会找到这个组织，会把这个组织的首脑和手下，一个个找出来让他们付出代价，他要让这个组织的所有人都后悔加入这个组织，更后悔他们的所作所为。
就像他上辈子所做的一样。
只不过上辈子他因为实力受限，他最后好像还是没能真正找到和消灭长生会的首脑。
这辈子，他会好好努力，一定要打破九十九级的桎梏。也会把长生会的幕后首脑给揪出来，拧掉他的脑袋，撕碎他！
王叶掰着手指数他以后要做的事，忍不住幽幽叹了口气。他这辈子原本只想好好养生和养娃，再赚点零花钱，但目前看来，他还是被卷进了漩涡中。
银月帝国和长生会，他似乎在不知不觉间就给自己摊了两个超级难啃的大饼。
The Silver Moon Empire and the Immortal Society, he seems to have unconsciously spread two super difficult pies for himself.
雷木不知道王叶在短短几秒内转了多少念头，见他心情终于阴转多云，他的心情也跟着轻松起来。
靳元辉和疯药王聊开了，主要是说疯药王离开知识之城以后，这座城里的人和事。
但每次说到城战时，靳元辉的话语就明显变得精简，内容也有点含糊不清。他自己说是因为那段时间他为了炼制躯体，才导致对外面情况不是特别清楚。
But every time he talked about city warfare, Jin Yuanhui's words became obviously concise, and the content was a little vague. He himself said that it was because he was refining his body during that time that he was not particularly clear about the outside situation.
但包括疯药王在内的三人都认定靳元辉隐瞒了一些重要线索。
But the three of them, including the Mad Medicine King, all believed that Jin Yuanhui was hiding some important clues.
当疯药王询问搏命之城城主是不是想要研究法则进而成神时，青色蜘蛛的爪子动了动，但他没有否认这点。
When the Mad Medicine King asked the Lord of the Fighting City if he wanted to study the law and become a god, the cyan spider's claws moved, but he didn't deny it.
王叶又问及这座城白天和黑夜的变化，以及为什么地点会不断改变这点。
Wang Ye then asked about the change of day and night in the city, and why the location kept changing.
靳元辉对此倒是多透露了一些：“死去的人和生灵太多了，也不知道是这个秘境的特殊造成，还是人们的怨念太大，在怪物灭城的灾难结束后，城中满是怨灵。城主为了让这些怨灵安息，也为了他的……成神之路，就给这座城制定了新的规则，并用庞大的能量把城市恢复成曾经的模样，包括那些怨灵。”
Jin Yuanhui revealed a little more about this: "There are too many dead people and living beings, and I don't know if it is caused by the special nature of this secret realm, or if people's resentment is too great, after the disaster of the monster destroying the city, the city is full of resentful spirits." The lord of the city gave these resentful spirits a rest, and also for his ...... The path to godhood has set new rules for the city, and has used a huge amount of energy to restore the city to its former appearance, including those resentful spirits. ”
“但城主和城民们又认为他们不能沉浸在虚假的幻象中，所以到了晚上，这座城就会回归真实。至于地形和建筑会移位这点，则是为了增加历练难度。”
But the lord and the people thought they could not indulge in false illusions, so at night the city would return to reality. As for the fact that the terrain and buildings will be shifted, it is to increase the difficulty of the experience. ”
疯药王：“这么说这座城里生活了无数怨灵？” Mad Medicine King: "So there are countless resentful spirits living in this city? ”
靳元辉强调：“不能说是怨灵，他们已经获得平静，只是不甘心就这么消散。他们必须要见到……”
Jin Yuanhui emphasized: "It can't be said that it is a resentful spirit, they have gained peace, but they are unwilling to dissipate like this." They have to see ......."
“要见到什么？”疯药王追问。 "What do you want to see?" The Mad Medicine King asked.
靳元辉迟疑了一下，他原本不想说，但看到雷木黑幽幽的双眼，他胆子一颤就说道：“他们想要见到这座城的祸害彻底消失后，才会愿意化作纯能量回归天地。”
Jin Yuanhui hesitated for a moment, he didn't want to say it, but when he saw Lei Mu's dark eyes, he trembled and said, "They want to see that after the scourge of this city is completely gone, they will be willing to turn into pure energy and return to heaven and earth." ”
“祸害？什么祸害？那五个老怪物是不是没有死？”疯药王暴躁道：“老靳，你现在还有什么好隐瞒的？如果有什么困难就说出来，大家一起看看有没有办法解决。至少让我们知道当年的祸害是不是还活着吧？还是你想坑我们？”
"Scourge? What scourge? Didn't those five old monsters die? The Mad Medicine King said irritably: "Old Jin, what else do you have to hide now?" If there is any difficulty, speak up, and let's see if there is a way to solve it. At least let us know if the scourge of the past is still alive, right? Or do you want to trap us? ”
“当然不是。”靳元辉赶紧道：“我不是不想告诉你们，我是真的不知道那祸害指的是什么，就是那些城民亡灵也不清楚，我们只知道危险还存在，是城主镇压着那祸害，但城主可能也没办法彻底解决那祸害，只能等城主更进一步。”
"Of course not." Jin Yuanhui hurriedly said: "It's not that I don't want to tell you, I really don't know what that scourge means, even those city people don't know what the undead don't know, we only know that the danger still exists, and it is the city lord who suppresses the scourge, but the city lord may not be able to completely solve the scourge, so he can only wait for the city lord to go further." ”
王叶和雷木和疯药王互看。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu looked at each other with the Mad Medicine King.
大家都不是笨蛋，眼神交流间就知道彼此都在想什么，他们已经把城主的身份缩小到了一个很小的范围。其实靳元辉的表现已经很明显了。
None of them are stupid, they know what each other is thinking when they make eye contact, and they have narrowed down the identity of the city lord to a small range. In fact, Jin Yuanhui's performance is already obvious.
王叶想到了他看到的大片坟地，问道：“那些坟墓是傀儡们堆起来的吗？”
Wang Ye thought of the large cemetery he saw and asked, "Are those graves piled up by puppets?" ”
“对。”靳元辉怕他们再追问更多，忙转换话题：“我想和这个次空间的主人做个交易。”
"Yes." Jin Yuanhui was afraid that they would ask more questions, so he hurriedly changed the topic: "I want to make a deal with the owner of this subspace." ”
靳元辉道：“按照规则，海王对你们提出问题，你们就要解决，也就是你们必须唤醒我。只不过海王对你们印象好，就算你们拖延，它也没有惩罚你们。但规则就是规则，这个问题你们在离开前必须要解决，否则你们一定会被杀死一次。”
Jin Yuanhui said: "According to the rules, if the Sea King asks you a problem, you have to solve it, that is, you must wake me up." It's just that Aquaman has a good impression of you, and even if you delay, it doesn't punish you. But rules are rules, and you have to solve this problem before you leave, or you will be killed once. ”
王叶抿了抿嘴唇。他还想挣更多的连续存活奖励，虽说他已经做好死亡准备，但只要有可能，当然还是连续活下去的好。
Wang Ye pursed his lips. He also wanted to earn more consecutive survival rewards, and although he was ready to die, it was of course better to survive continuously as long as possible.
“你不是已经醒了吗？”疯药王皱眉。 "Aren't you awake?" The Mad Medicine King frowned.
靳元辉：“不，我这不算是正式苏醒，我的意识还有一半在沉眠，我现在的状况……更像是在做梦状态。你们得把我那具身体的生机唤醒，我才能真正醒来。”
Jin Yuanhui: "No, I'm not officially awakened, half of my consciousness is still asleep, my current state ...... It's more like a dream. You've got to wake up to the vitality of my body before I can really wake up. ”
“哦，你可真是狡猾，我还以为不用激活你身体里的生机也能唤醒你。”疯药王讽刺道。这老家伙明明有意识，却看了他们半天笑话，大概他们在商量给这老家伙用不用增寿药剂时，这老家伙就在一边看着。
"Oh, you're so cunning, I thought I wouldn't have to activate the vitality in your body to wake you up." The Mad Medicine King said sarcastically. This old guy was obviously conscious, but he watched them laugh for a long time, probably when they were discussing whether to use life enhancement potions for this old guy, this old guy was watching from the side.
“那我不是得再感受一次死亡？谁敢这么对我，诅咒不死他！”靳元辉不好说他被魔族气息吓醒后，看到一个魔族就待在身边，他哪敢说话，就怕这个魔族啊呜一口把他的灵魂给吞了。他不说话也是为了观察情况嘛。
"Then I don't have to feel death again? Who dares to do this to me, curse him not to death! "Jin Yuanhui can't say that after he was woken up by the breath of the demon race, he saw a demon clan staying by his side, how dare he speak, he was afraid that this demon clan would swallow his soul in one bite. He didn't speak to observe the situation.
“所以你到底有没有服用增寿药剂？” "So did you take a longevity potion?"
“没有。等等！别给我服用那个低配版本的增寿药剂。”
"Nope. Wait a minute! Don't give me that low-grade version of the longevity potion. ”
靳元辉刚要表示出他对低配版增寿药剂的嫌弃，就想到这药剂是那小孩炼制的，赶忙改口：“增寿药剂不是不好，但不是最适合我的。别动手，先听我说完！我们谁都不想两败俱伤对不对？”
Jin Yuanhui was just about to express his dislike for the low-grade version of the life-increasing elixir, when he thought that this elixir was refined by the child, and hurriedly changed his words: "The life-increasing elixir is not bad, but it is not the most suitable for me." Don't do it, listen to me first! None of us want to lose both, do we? ”
王叶冷笑。这个炼金王确实掐住了他的脉门。 Wang Ye sneered. This alchemy king did choke his veins.
靳元辉声音特别柔和地说：“我要跟你们商量交易的就是，你们把我的身体从魔法塔里转移出来，转移到这个次空间里，就放到……咳，那个水潭中。放个三五年，就能真正唤醒我了。”
Jin Yuanhui's voice was particularly soft and said, "What I want to discuss with you is that you transfer my body from the magic tower and into this sub-space, and put it in ...... Ahem, in that pool. Let it go for three or five years, and it will really wake me up. ”
靳元辉顶着王叶要吃人的眼神，勇敢地继续说道：“我在临死前，弄到了一个激活生机、让身体再生的方子，只要能让我进入一个充满生机和丰富能量的环境中，我的身体就有可能再生。”
Jin Yuanhui looked at Wang Ye as he wanted to eat people, and bravely continued: "Before I died, I got a recipe to activate vitality and regenerate my body, as long as I can enter an environment full of vitality and abundant energy, my body will be able to regenerate. ”
“做梦！” "Dreaming!"
“我可以把那个方子送给你。” "I can give you that recipe."
“滚蛋。”王叶现在没有半点尊老之心，他只想把这个垃圾给扔出他的空间。
"Fuck off." Wang Ye didn't have the slightest respect for the elderly now, he just wanted to throw this garbage out of his space.
靳元辉发挥了他能屈能伸的强大优点：“小兄弟！小祖宗！你不满意，我们可以再谈。你想要什么，你说。只要我有，都给你！”
Jin Yuanhui gave full play to his powerful advantages of being able to bend and stretch: "Little brother! Little Ancestor! If you're not satisfied, we can talk about it again. What do you want, you say. As long as I have it, I'll give it to you! ”
哦豁？疯药王抱臂，老靳这是为了得到再生的机会，豁出去了？
Oh huh? The mad medicine king hugged his arms, Lao Jin was out of the way in order to get a chance to regenerate?
不过他临死前要是有让身体重新生长的可能，他也会付出全部财产。对于他们这些人来说，最贵重的从来不是财产，而是他们脑中的知识。
However, if there is a possibility that he can regrow his body before he dies, he will also pay all his possessions. For them, the most valuable thing is never possessions, but the knowledge in their heads.
“你说让我把你放到我的空间中，还要放上三五年，你确定你能跟我离开这个秘境？”王叶只是出于好奇问道。
"You said let me put you in my space for another three or five years, are you sure you can leave this secret realm with me?" Wang Ye just asked out of curiosity.
靳元辉肯定地道：“能。” Jin Yuanhui said affirmatively: "Yes." ”
他对变成搏命之城的知识之城已经没有多少感情，还有着深深忌惮，如今碰到有可能真正唤醒自己的人，不赶紧跟着走，还留着干什么？
He doesn't have much affection for the city of knowledge that has become a city of life, and he is still deeply jealous, and now that he meets someone who has the potential to really awaken him, if he doesn't follow quickly, what are he doing with it?
“我想要什么，你都给我？”王叶眯眼。 "Whatever I want, you give it to me?" Wang Ye squinted.
靳元辉给自己加了十个肯定：“给！” Jin Yuanhui added ten affirmations to himself: "Give!" ”
“包括你的传承、你的所有积分、你的魔法塔，全部？”
"Including your legacy, all your points, your magic tower, all?"
靳元辉肉疼心更疼，但他一咬牙，回答：“只要你想要，全给你又何妨。”
Jin Yuanhui's flesh hurt even more, but he gritted his teeth and replied: "As long as you want, what if you give it all." ”
“没有陷阱？” "No traps?"
“没有！我可以发誓。所以我能成为这个空间的住客之一了吗？”靳元辉悔恨自己没有给这只蜘蛛配上脸部肌肉，以至于想挤个谄媚讨好的笑容都难。
"Nope! I can swear. So can I be one of the guests in this space? Jin Yuanhui regretted that he didn't match this spider with facial muscles, so that it was difficult to squeeze a flattering smile.
雷木：大佬也不容易啊。 Remu: It's not easy to be a big guy.
疯药王更是心有戚戚然：怪不得老怪物们想要成神，看看，不成神的大佬就是这种下场，为了活下去，不得不巴结一个小兔崽子。惨！太惨了~
The mad medicine king is even more concerned: no wonder the old monsters want to become gods, look, this is the end of the big guy who doesn't become a god, in order to survive, he has to tie up a little rabbit cub. Miserable! It's miserable~
王叶不说话了，他要好好想想。 Wang Ye stopped talking, he had to think about it.
靳元辉急啊，眼见希望就在眼前，可希望就是不肯靠近他，怎么办？
Jin Yuanhui is anxious, seeing that hope is in front of him, but hope just refuses to get close to him, what should I do?
靳元辉向老友求救。 Jin Yuanhui asked his old friend for help.
疯药王也为难，就是他，想要贝贝一点养魂液也跟要了小混蛋的命一样。而老靳可是想要泡在那灵水潭中，邻居就是贝贝和小角，小混蛋会答应才怪。
The Mad Medicine King is also embarrassed, even he, wanting Bei Bei a little soul nourishing liquid is the same as asking for the life of a little bastard. And Lao Jin wants to soak in the spiritual pool, the neighbors are Bei Bei and Xiaojiao, and it's strange that the little bastard will agree.
但老友哀求的魂波也太可怜了，疯药王就勉强给靳元辉指了一条路，暗搓搓地让他去找雷木。
But the soul wave begged by the old friend was too pitiful, so the Mad Medicine King reluctantly pointed out a way for Jin Yuanhui and secretly asked him to find Lei Mu.
钟乳洞是王叶的心头宝，但雷木可是那小混蛋的心尖子命根子。
The stalactite cave is Wang Ye's treasure, but Lei Mu is the lifeblood of that little bastard.
雷木说句话，绝对比他这个假师父说一万句还要管用。 Lei Mu said one sentence, which is definitely more effective than the ten thousand words that his fake master said.
靳元辉浑身挂满黑线：你让我去求一个魔族？你不知道我看到魔族就生理性恐惧吗？
Jin Yuanhui was covered with black lines: You asked me to ask for a demon? Don't you know that I have a physical fear when I see demons?
第178章 契约和魔法塔 Chapter 178: Contracts and Magic Towers
王叶本心并不想让靳元辉住进虫巢。 Wang Ye didn't want Jin Yuanhui to live in the hive.
靳元辉和疯药王不一样，疯药王怎么也和他有传承药典并帮其转修亡灵的情意，而且刚开始转修亡灵的疯药王在武力值上根本不是他的对手。
Jin Yuanhui is different from the Mad Medicine King, how can the Mad Medicine King have the affection to inherit the pharmacopoeia and help him transfer to the undead, and the Mad Medicine King who has just started to change to the undead is not his opponent at all in terms of force value.
如果疯药王想搞事，王叶一只手就能搞定他。 If the Mad Medicine King wants to make trouble, Wang Ye can get him done with one hand.
可靳元辉就算沉眠不醒，他还能使用魂力操纵一个十级魔器。而且他们双方也没有丝毫感情基础，偏偏一个强一个弱，而弱者手上有不少让强者眼馋的好东西。
But even if Jin Yuanhui couldn't wake up from his deep sleep, he could still use his soul power to manipulate a tenth-level magic weapon. And both of them have no emotional foundation, one is strong and the other is weak, and the weak has a lot of good things in their hands that make the strong greedy.
王叶可不想考验靳元辉的人品。哪怕疯药王说老靳这个人还行。
Wang Ye didn't want to test Jin Yuanhui's character. Even if the Crazy Medicine King said that Lao Jin was okay.
至于靳元辉的财产，积分这东西他要不要都无所谓，魔法塔里的宝贝他可以凭借闯关来获得，这次时间不够，凭借小海王给他的邀请函，他下次还能再进来，直到他把魔法塔里的关卡全部刷遍。
As for Jin Yuanhui's property, it doesn't matter if he wants points or not, he can get the treasures in the magic tower by breaking through the level, this time there is not enough time, with the invitation letter given to him by the little sea king, he can come in again next time, until he has brushed all the levels in the magic tower.
同理，靳元辉的传承大部分也在魔法塔里，他闯关过魔法塔，差不多也能把靳元辉的炼金知识学个七七八八。
In the same way, most of Jin Yuanhui's inheritance is also in the magic tower, and after he has passed the magic tower, he can almost learn Jin Yuanhui's alchemy knowledge.
如此，王叶对于靳元辉提出的交易条件自然兴致缺缺。怎么想，交易的弊处都大于好处，他可不想每天都活得战战兢兢，成天担心一个圣级老怪物会反咬自己一口，连回家都没有安全感。
In this way, Wang Ye was naturally not interested in the trading conditions proposed by Jin Yuanhui. No matter how you think about it, the disadvantages of trading outweigh the benefits, he doesn't want to live trembling every day, worrying that a saint-level old monster will bite him back, and he doesn't even feel safe going home.
眼看疯药王帮不上忙，雷木偏又闭口不言，靳元辉几次偷看雷木，想要去跟这位聊聊。但……他真的害怕魔族啊，哪怕那个魔族看着并不是很强大，他一个可以打三个，他也不愿意靠近。
Seeing that the Mad Medicine King couldn't help, Lei Mu kept silent again, Jin Yuanhui peeked at Lei Mu several times, wanting to talk to him. But...... He's really afraid of the demons, even if the demons don't look very strong, he can fight three of them, he doesn't want to get close.
靳元辉看到疯药王对他拼命使眼色，想到雷木似乎对他放在床头的魔法书很感兴趣，一时福至心灵，张口就对王叶说：“我不但可以把传承和魔法塔都送给你们，我还可以亲自指点和教导你们学习炼金术，不止是你，还包括那位魔族。”
Jin Yuanhui saw that the Mad Medicine King was desperately glaring at him, and thought that Lei Mu seemed to be very interested in the magic book he put on the bedside, and he was blessed for a while, and opened his mouth to say to Wang Ye: "Not only can I give you the inheritance and the magic tower, but I can also personally guide and teach you to learn alchemy, not only you, but also that demon clan." ”
雷木听靳元辉提到自己，自然抬头看过去。 Lei Mu heard Jin Yuanhui mention himself, and naturally looked up.
王叶看到雷木“渴望”的目光，当即以为雷木很想拜靳元辉为师，跟他学习炼金术，毕竟那可是一位圣级炼金师。而陨星魔法学校炼金学院最厉害的院长大人也只不过是一名八级的炼金宗师而已。
Wang Ye saw Lei Mu's "eager" gaze, and immediately thought that Lei Mu wanted to worship Jin Yuanhui as a teacher and learn alchemy from him, after all, he was a saint-level alchemist. And the most powerful dean of the Alchemy Academy of the Meteorite Magic School is just an eighth-level alchemy master.
作为大家长，家里大娃想要学习，爸爸怎么能不支持？ As the eldest parent, the eldest child in the family wants to learn, how can the father not support it?
没见地球上很多父母，为了让儿女成才，就是砸锅卖铁勒紧裤腰带都要送孩子去上各种兴趣班，为了一个学区房都拼老命了。
I haven't seen many parents on the earth, in order to let their children become talents, they just smash pots and sell irons to tighten their belts and send their children to various interest classes, and they are desperate for a school district house.
有老师教，和没老师教，还是有很大区别的。有水平的名师亲自指点，那更是不一样。
There is still a big difference between having a teacher to teach and not having a teacher. There are famous teachers who personally guide them, and that is even different.
“我可以答应你的交易条件，但我们必须要签订一个效忠魔法契约，时限为十年。”王叶提出了他的条件。
十年，足够他升到九十九级，如果运气好，他说不定还能找到突破九十九级的关键，升到玩家的一百级，也就是双月星的十级。而只要他升到九十九级，在因果技能辅佐下，他无惧任何圣级。
靳元辉并没有因为一个小崽子竟然提出要让他这个圣者效忠的条件而愤怒，他和在场所有人都知道，王叶并不是真想要他效忠，只是为了自保。
因为伙伴契约并不是最保险的。
不管如何，王叶肯松口就是好事，具体条件还可以再谈嘛。
靳元辉对雷木送去一个表达感激之情的魂波，他看到在他说话后，雷木抬头看王叶了，那眼神明显是在帮他。
雷木还不知道他就看了那么一眼，就让王叶和靳元辉误会至深……
Lei Mu didn't know that he just glanced at him, which made Wang Ye and Jin Yuanhui misunderstand deeply......
不论起因是什么，总之结果还不赖？ Whatever the cause, is the result good?
在彼此都愿意各退一步的友好气氛下，双方再次展开商谈，总算得到了一个双方都还算满意的商谈结果。
In a friendly atmosphere in which both sides were willing to take a step back, the two sides began to negotiate again, and finally reached a satisfactory result for both sides.
王叶同意靳元辉住进虫巢空间，并每隔半个月就给他提供一定的灵水原液，但靳元辉的本体只能住在隔离房里。
Wang Ye agreed that Jin Yuanhui would live in the hive space, and provided him with a certain amount of spiritual water stock solution every half a month, but Jin Yuanhui's body could only live in the isolation room.
王叶也说得清楚明白，说靳元辉实力太强，他怕靳元辉强行吸收虫巢内的能量，所以本体必须待在隔离区。
Wang Ye also made it clear and clear, saying that Jin Yuanhui's strength was too strong, and he was afraid that Jin Yuanhui would forcibly absorb the energy in the insect nest, so the body must stay in the quarantine area.
同时，靳元辉必须和王叶立下十年的效忠契约。 At the same time, Jin Yuanhui must make a ten-year allegiance contract with Wang Ye.
契约内容包括保密条款和互不伤害的约定条款。 The content of the contract includes a confidentiality clause and a non-harm clause.
保密条款注明靳元辉在没有得到王叶允许下，不得把与王叶有关的任何事情说出去，包括但不限定于虫巢和虫巢中的一切，以及王叶的所有私人信息等。
The confidentiality clause states that Jin Yuanhui shall not say anything related to Wang Ye without Wang Ye's permission, including but not limited to everything in the insect hive and the insect hive, as well as all Wang Ye's private information.
而这个保密条款的有效时间将不止十年，而是纵贯靳元辉一生。
And this confidentiality clause will be valid for more than ten years, but throughout Jin Yuanhui's life.
互不伤害条款则注明了，在王叶没有主观意识想要伤害靳元辉，并造成其肢体残疾、精神核受损等重伤乃至死亡的情况下，靳元辉不能主动伤害王叶，以及王叶认可的亲人友人伙伴以及个人财产和住处等。
The non-harm clause states that under the circumstance that Wang Ye does not have the subjective consciousness to injure Jin Yuanhui and causes him serious injuries such as physical disability and mental nuclear damage, or even death, Jin Yuanhui cannot take the initiative to harm Wang Ye, as well as Wang Ye's relatives, friends, partners, personal property and residence.
如果违反上述契约内容，靳元辉的灵魂就会魂飞魄散。 If the above contract is violated, Jin Yuanhui's soul will be scattered.
除了这份契约以外，作为交换，靳元辉还需要把他的魔法塔，包括塔里的所有财产，和目前累积的所有知识之城积分，都要送给王叶。传承也要全部传授给王叶和雷木两人。
In addition to this contract, in exchange, Jin Yuanhui also needed to give his magic tower, including all the property in the tower, and all the knowledge city points that had been accumulated so far, to Wang Ye. The inheritance should also be passed on to Wang Ye and Lei Mu.
靳元辉也争取了一些对自己有利的条件，比如王叶一定要把他从搏命之城秘境带出去，一定要在十年内把他唤醒，另外就是他可以把自己的传承水晶球送给两人，但亲身上阵指点则只到他效忠十年期满那天为止，且包教不包会。
Jin Yuanhui also fought for some favorable conditions for himself, such as Wang Ye must take him out of the secret realm of the City of Fighting, and he must wake him up within ten years, and the other is that he can give his inheritance crystal ball to the two of them, but he will only give instructions in person until the day when his ten-year allegiance expires, and he will not be told.
另，如果违反靳元辉的做人原则和超过他的能力范畴，靳元辉有权拒绝王叶的命令。
In addition, if Jin Yuanhui's principles of life are violated and beyond his ability, Jin Yuanhui has the right to refuse Wang Ye's order.
还有魔法塔中的关卡也需要两人自己闯，只有突破五级以下所有弟子关卡，才能带走这座魔法塔。
There are also levels in the magic tower that also need to be broken by two people by themselves, and only by breaking through all the disciples below level five can they take this magic tower away.
靳元辉表示他这个要求已经很低，原本他跟海王约定的是，如果他本人没有醒来，却有弟子继承了他的传承，那想要带走魔法塔，必须闯到第九级，还是比弟子闯的关卡更难的历练者关卡。
Jin Yuanhui said that his requirements were already very low, and originally he agreed with the Sea King that if he didn't wake up, but there was a disciple who inherited his inheritance, then if he wanted to take away the magic tower, he had to break through to the ninth level, or the more difficult level of the practitioner than the disciple's level.
就算这样，那个弟子能带走的魔法塔也不是本塔，而是一座复制了九成功能的复制塔。
Even so, the magic tower that that disciple could take away was not the main tower, but a replica tower that copied ninety percent of the functions.
王叶这时候还不太明白复制塔和魔法塔本塔有什么区别。
At this time, Wang Ye didn't quite understand the difference between the Replica Tower and the Magic Tower.
靳元辉以为王叶知道魔法塔的珍贵之处，也就没有多解释。
Jin Yuanhui thought that Wang Ye knew the preciousness of the magic tower, so he didn't explain much.
包括疯药王也一样，他也以为王叶肯定知道这种常识。 Including the Mad Medicine King, he also thought that Wang Ye must know this common sense.
而雷木对魔法塔的了解比王叶还少。 And Lei Mu knows less about the magic tower than Wang Ye.
外人来看，这个交易好像是靳元辉吃亏了，但实际上靳元辉愿意答应这个条件，就表示他不但没有觉得自己吃亏，反而自觉占了不小的便宜。
From an outsider's point of view, this transaction seems to be Jin Yuanhui's loss, but in fact, Jin Yuanhui is willing to agree to this condition, which means that not only does he not feel that he has suffered a loss, but he feels that he has taken a big advantage.
尤其在靳元辉知道雷木并不是魔族，而是魔种寄生的人类后。
Especially after Jin Yuanhui knew that Lei Mu was not a demon, but a human parasitic from the demon seed.
靳元辉当即就对雷木感到无比亲切，尤其对他能转变成魔族的方法好奇无比，更渴望无比。
Jin Yuanhui immediately felt extremely cordial to Lei Mu, especially curious about his method of transforming into a demon, and even more eager for it.
雷木还对炼金有兴趣，且颇有天赋。
这简直就是靳元辉理想中的学生。就算王小叶不提指点他们炼金术这个条件，靳元辉也愿意把自己的传承交给雷木来继承。
至于积分和魔法塔，对于靳元辉那就是身外之物，他就当自己把所有家产都卖了，来换取自己再生的机会。
家产没了，还可以再挣一份甚至更多。可命没了，那就真的什么都没了。
王叶也觉得自己赚了。
尤其他从疯药王那里得知，魔法塔可不止是一座用来学习和研究的塔，对于炼金师来说，魔法塔就是他们最厉害的魔器和武器，功用多多，只空间叠加这一项，拿到就是赚到。
更何况这还是一个达到圣级的专业炼金大佬炼制出来的魔法塔。人间至宝好不好！
疯药王告诉王叶，等他拿到魔法塔的控制权后，完全可以把魔法塔和虫巢同化，到时候不但虫巢空间能大大增加，更能让虫巢拥有专门的研究区和历练区，还能加强虫巢的攻防能力。
而现在就能让虫巢升级，自然对于现在的王叶大有好处。等真的到王叶等级提高了，达到九级实力才把魔法塔拿下来，那魔法塔就算和虫巢融合，那时对王叶的意义也不大了。
王叶深觉有理。
靳元辉听到后忍不住道：“你别告诉我，你跟我要魔法塔，却不知道我的魔法塔的具体功用。”
王叶挺起胸膛：“我现在知道了。”
靳元辉：“……那你知道我的魔法塔最宝贵的地方在什么地方吗？”
王叶：“在哪？”
“我的魔法塔最宝贵的地方就在于有一个拟态研究室。只要你能量足够，就能拟态所有九级及九级以下的材料，并在其中做各种实验。知道这个意义吗？也就是说有了这间研究室，你可以不用消耗真实的材料，而可以预先在这间研究室里做各种模拟炼制。就是当年的五大长老也对我的魔法塔这个功能眼馋无比，可因为材料缘故，这个功能几乎无法再复制。”
靳元辉提到这个功能就无限自豪。不算远古，在已知的魔法界历史中，过去和现在能做到这点的炼金师，可只有他一个！
王叶眼睛亮极：“有这么一个大优点，你早说啊！”
早说他早答应了，差点错过至宝。幸好木木看了他那么一眼~
靳元辉郁闷至极，这小家伙根本不知道他的魔法塔有多宝贵，早知道……早知道他就把他的魔法塔功能全都细细地介绍一遍，说不定只凭魔法塔，他就能交换来泡澡待遇。
可恶啊！他还以为他的魔法塔属于天下皆知的至宝，谁想就遇到这么一个孤陋寡闻的！
王叶转头就问疯药王的魔法塔是否也有同样的功能。
疯药王脸皮抽了抽，承认他的魔法塔没有专门搞炼金的靳元辉的魔法塔等级高，但弄过来喂给虫巢，让虫巢再升级一次不成问题。
疯药王还提到他的魔法塔虽然没有拟态研究室，但其中有一层是专门的药材培养室，当初几乎花了他全部身家才请人弄出来，那一层培养室可以实际生成各种环境，以培养需要在某些极端或特殊环境中才能生长的药材。
“如果我的魔法塔能和你的虫巢融合，虫巢内就能出现专门的环境生成种植区。”疯药王骄傲道。
王叶顿时心向往之。原来魔法塔是这样的宝贝，他以前真的是太小看这玩意了，这些魔法塔他要定了！
交易就此谈妥。
靳元辉虽然很郁闷，但还是很有契约精神的当场就和王叶结成效忠契约。
之后靳元辉离开虫巢，操纵青色蜘蛛找到小海王，不知道跟它谈了什么，总之王叶把靳元辉身体从魔法塔运送到虫巢隔离室的过程没有受到任何阻碍。
靳元辉表示那张大床可以送给王叶，他睡木盆里就可以，当然木盆里一定要放满潭水。
但王叶却对那张床再没有了想要的心情。要不是他想要那张床，又怎么会引狼入室？虽说这狼目前为止还挺好说话的。
可他做错了就是做错了。
雷木低声对王小叶道：“以后我给你打一张更好的。”
王叶当即就笑开了花。木木最好了~！
靳元辉的本体如愿以偿睡进了放有潭水的木盆里，木盆就放在光秃秃的大床上……
小海王得知靳元辉的意识清醒了一半，就把傀儡二号送到了青色蜘蛛手上，请他帮忙修理。
雷木对修理傀儡二号很上心，也很想参与进去。毕竟他之前就修理了大半，只是碍于能力，无法真正修复。
靳元辉见雷木对修理傀儡二号感兴趣，干脆把雷木和王叶带到身边打下手，指点他们给傀儡二号重新炼制零配件。
有些零配件不用炼制，海王有备份，直接就给傀儡二号更换了。
但傀儡二号身上需要更换的零配件太多，尤其是主心。
王叶和雷木之前还觉得他们给傀儡二号炼制了不少零配件，应该都能用得上，等靳元辉开口指点他们，他们才发现他们炼制的那些零配件连低配版都算不上，有些毛病还不少。
属于非专业者看着还行，专业者一看就笑的水平。
给一个九级接近十级的傀儡炼制三四级的零配件，能用得上才怪。除非他们把傀儡二号身体里的所有零配件、包括魔法阵和魔纹等都换成三四级的。
打补丁也不是随便打的。
于是接下来的一段时间，王叶和雷木一边跟靳元辉学习炼金术同时修理傀儡二号，一边去魔法塔闯关验证自己所学。
对于炼金术，王叶掌握得还没有雷木牢靠，成了他的弱项，这就导致他承受了不少次惩罚。
幸好他对疼痛感知低微，自己又能炼制药剂，还会治疗术，海王给他们选的又是弟子闯的关卡，所以一路闯关虽然闯得坑坑跌跌，但好歹一次都没死。
每天都过得极为充实的情况下，那时间真的是比流水还快，转眼五十天就流过去了。
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，成功在搏命之城连续存活五十天，加上额外奖励，玩家共计获得二十二万点经验值。请玩家再接再厉，继续保持连续存活天数，争取获得更高的额外奖励。】
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到688099点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到三十七级。】
王叶听到系统播报，呆愣了足足三秒钟，直到听到他从三十一级跳到了三十七级，他才惊跳而起。
喜悦，但还有件事他必须赶紧做。
王叶迅速打开游戏设置，想看看玩家等级是否可以在排行榜中隐藏起来。上辈子他可没有这样甜蜜的烦恼。
不行。游戏中可以隐藏自己的真实游戏名和等级，但在等级排行榜中只能隐藏自己的游戏名。
这可能是游戏为了刺激其他玩家的招数，不管是等级、个人财产还是个人实力（擂台榜），这些数据都不会在论坛排行榜中进行隐藏。
王叶打开论坛，果然看到等级排行榜排在第一位的无名氏后面的玩家等级数变成了金光闪闪的37。
很好，还上金光了，生怕别人看不到一样。
王叶只看了论坛第一页，就看到瞬间冒出几个“猜猜那个无名氏是不是隔壁小王”，以及“猜猜隔壁小王到底是怎么升级”之类的帖子。
王叶还看到一个人发帖“作弊者去死”，打开帖子，满屏幕全都是“隔壁小王滚出游戏”这句话的复制。
下面还一连串的点赞和1，不一会儿就到无限符号了。
原本不安的王叶突然就淡定了。
嗐，真不好意思，他好像真的是作弊了。不说重生的事，如果没有兰道教授花了一万点积分送他进这个副本，他至少要等到五十级才进得来。
哦，这个副本还是隐藏副本，需要一定条件才能激发，不是说你点选副本选项就能找出来的。
惭愧啊~！
雷木用抹布扔他：“做什么怪相？”
王叶抓住抹布跳起来，嘿嘿道：“木木，我有预感，再熬过一百天，我一定可以从三级跳到六级！”
雷木摸摸小孩额头：“没烧啊。”
王叶：“……我可以跟你打赌。”
“赌什么？”雷木好笑，拿出干净毛巾，沾水给小孩擦脸。
王叶刚做了一个任务回来，好像是钻到某个大型魔法机械中维修损坏的部分，搞得满脸满身黑灰和油。
Wang Ye had just come back from a mission, as if he had drilled into some large magic machine to repair the damaged parts, and his face was covered in black ash and oil.
“就赌一顿早餐吧，谁输了谁做，要有两面煎的煎蛋。”王小叶仰着脸，享受着雷木爱的擦脸脸，幸福得没边了~
"Let's bet on breakfast, whoever loses will make it, and there will be fried eggs on both sides." Wang Xiaoye looked up and enjoyed Lei Muai's face, and he was so happy that he couldn't be rich~
这时候两人都忘了还有一种魔法叫清洁术。 At this time, both of them forgot that there was also a magic called cleansing.
进入搏命之城副本第一百天，王叶的玩家等级一跃升到五十二级。
On the hundredth day of entering the City of Fighting Deaths dungeon, Wang Ye's player level jumped to fifty-two levels.
又二十天后，王叶站在了靳元辉的魔法塔前，他终于达成了和靳元辉约定的条件，如今他已经彻底掌握五级以及以下的全部炼金知识，并且顺利闯过五级关卡。
Twenty days later, Wang Ye stood in front of Jin Yuanhui's magic tower, he finally reached the conditions agreed with Jin Yuanhui, and now he has completely mastered all the alchemy knowledge of level five and below, and successfully passed the level five level.
其实雷木比他更早闯过五级关卡，但和靳元辉约定的是王叶，所以必须王叶来收取这座魔法塔。
In fact, Lei Mu passed the fifth-level level earlier than him, but it was Wang Ye who agreed with Jin Yuanhui, so Wang Ye had to collect this magic tower.
王叶还在这座魔法塔遇到了其他历练者。 Wang Ye also met other practitioners in this magic tower.
从那名历练者口中，王叶才知道靳元辉能让海王同意让他在通关五级的情况下就收走魔法塔，是多么大一份人情。
From the mouth of that practitioner, Wang Ye knew what a great favor Jin Yuanhui had to get the Sea King to agree to let him take away the magic tower after clearing the fifth level.
历练者们从来没有考虑过能收走魔法塔，他们觉得能来这里历练和学习就已经是莫大福分。如果魔法塔能收取，还等他们吗？魔法界那么多大佬，早动手了。就算以前有人能通关魔法塔的所有关卡，带走的最高奖励也只是复制塔。
The Practitioners had never considered taking the Magic Tower, and they felt that it would be a great blessing to be able to come here to experience and learn. If the magic tower can collect it, will it wait for them? There are so many bigwigs in the wizarding world, they have already done it. Even if someone was able to clear all the levels of the Magic Tower before, the highest reward for taking away was only the duplicate tower.
魔法塔本塔全都是实物，是这个副本的重要构成，每消失一座，对于这里的城主来说都是莫大损失，如果不是非常特别的原因，城主根本不会让人带走这里的魔法塔。
王叶猜测应该是他们即将修好傀儡二号这件事赢得了海王的莫大好感，再加上他们还给了唤醒靳元辉的希望，而靳元辉本人也同意，这里的“城主”才会睁只眼闭只眼，允许他收取魔法塔本塔，而不是一座只有部分功能的复制塔。
Wang Ye guessed that it should be that they were about to repair the puppet No. 2 that won the great favor of the Sea King, plus they also gave Jin Yuanhui the hope of awakening, and Jin Yuanhui himself agreed, the "city lord" here would turn a blind eye and allow him to collect the magic tower Benta, instead of a copy tower with only partial functions.
“如果我收取了这座魔法塔，以后别人是不是就不能学习靳元辉的相关炼金知识？”王叶问。
"If I collect this magic tower, won't others be able to learn Jin Yuanhui's relevant alchemy knowledge in the future?" Wang Ye asked.
他必须问，因为这涉及到因果。 He had to ask, because it involved cause and effect.
他可不想这边收取，那边就让他背负一堆不得不偿还的因果。
眼看傀儡二号的主心修复有望，海王哼着歌儿，心情很好地跟他说：“不用担心，只要能量充足，这里可以重新生成一座功能一模一样的新的炼金魔法塔，不过不再是实物，也无法再让人带走。”
Seeing that the main heart of the puppet No. 2 was repaired, the Sea King hummed a song and said to him in a good mood: "Don't worry, as long as you have enough energy, you can regenerate a new alchemy magic tower with the same function here, but it is no longer a physical object, and it can no longer be taken away." ”
王叶这才放下心来。 Only then did Wang Ye put his mind at ease.
第179章 祸害、城主和真相 Chapter 179: Scourge, City Lord, and Truth
炼金王靳元辉的魔法塔收取很顺利。 Alchemy King Jin Yuanhui's magic tower was collected smoothly.
而魔法塔刚被他收取的一瞬间，就在王叶以为头顶的垃圾山会倾倒下来之前，他又身处魔法塔中了。
And the moment the magic tower was just collected by him, just before Wang Ye thought that the mountain of garbage above his head would fall down, he was in the magic tower again.
一座能量具现化的魔法塔，和他收取的魔法塔一模一样，没有任何差别。
A magic tower with energy embodiment is exactly the same as the magic tower he collected, without any difference.
这大概就是副本的力量？ That's probably the power of the dungeon?
就是不知道这是唯一副本，还是可复制副本。 I just don't know if it's the only copy, or if it's a replicable.
时间秘境太特殊了，王叶下意识觉得这应该是唯一副本。否则上辈子他不可能没有听过这个副本，这就说明这个副本不但需要一定机缘才能触发，更具有唯一性。
The Time Secret Realm was too special, and Wang Ye subconsciously felt that this should be the only copy. Otherwise, it is impossible for him not to have heard of this copy in his previous life, which shows that this copy not only needs a certain chance to trigger, but also has uniqueness.
但搏命之城城主知道他这个秘境变成副本了吗？ But does the city lord of the city of Fighting for Death know that this secret realm of him has become a copy?
如果知道，那他知道游戏系统的炼制者吗？ If so, does he know the refiner of the game system?
其实就王叶看来，这个搏命之城只无限复生这一点就和玩家玩游戏的性质一样。换言之，以这位城主的能力，他完全有实力弄出一个全息游戏，至少单独弄一个全息副本没问题。
In fact, from Wang Ye's point of view, this city of life only resurrects infinitely, which is the same as the nature of the player's game. In other words, with this city lord's ability, he has every strength to make a holographic game, and at least a holographic copy alone is no problem.
那么会不会搏命之城城主和游戏系统炼制者彼此认识，甚至彼此间还有约定？
So could it be that the city lord of the city of life and the refiner of the game system know each other, and even have an agreement with each other?
王叶脑中冒出了一个不等式：游戏系统的创造者＞搏命之城城主＞圣级老怪物（十级顶级）＞普通十级
An inequality popped up in Wang Ye's mind: the creator of the game system> the city lord of the city of life> the saint-level old monster (level 10 top), > ordinary level 10
所以游戏系统的创造者到底是谁？他或者他们的实力已经到达哪个等级？他们会是双月星的神灵吗？
So who exactly is the creator of the game system? What level of strength has he or theirs reached? Will they be the gods of the Twin Moon Stars?
王叶甩甩头，这个问题他现在想了也没用，他连答案的线头都没摸到。
Wang Ye shook his head, it was useless for him to think about this question now, he didn't even touch the thread of the answer.
还是着眼于现在吧。 Let's focus on the present.
之前王叶就知道这座魔法塔是至宝，但听来到底不如自身体会，等王叶真正契约了这座魔法塔，掌握了全部控制权，他才真正地深切明白他能获得这座魔法塔是多么大的幸运。
Wang Ye knew that this magic tower was a treasure before, but it didn't sound as good as his own experience, and when Wang Ye really contracted this magic tower and mastered all the control, he really understood how lucky he was to be able to obtain this magic tower.
他的虫巢等级在他压制升级的状况下，目前大约在四级，而这座魔法塔则是十级。
His hive level is currently about level four under his suppression upgrade, while this magic tower is level ten.
他对虫巢的定位是未来能升级成攻防一体并带种植区的空间堡垒。
His positioning of the hive is that it can be upgraded into a space fortress with an integrated attack and defense and a planting area in the future.
这座魔法塔已经是，而且功能更多。且别看它叫魔法塔，人家的真实外形其实和塔相差十万八千里，真把这座魔法塔展开，就是一座占地面积超过两百平方公里的超级堡垒。
This magic tower already is, and has so much more. Don't look at it called the Magic Tower, the real appearance of the people is actually 108,000 miles different from the tower, and if you really unfold this magic tower, it is a super fortress covering an area of more than 200 square kilometers.
战时，魔法塔根据等级不同，可是能在极限状态下收容几百乃至几十万人生活和战斗之用。
In wartime, the magic tower varies according to the level, but it can contain hundreds or even hundreds of thousands of people for living and fighting in the extreme state.
可以说魔法师的魔法塔就相当于是王叶的虫巢，只是因为技术问题，不能收入体内，也不能随身带着走罢了。
It can be said that the magician's magic tower is equivalent to Wang Ye's worm nest, but because of technical problems, it can't be included in the body, and it can't be taken with you.
不过魔法塔好归好，它的缺点也很明显，那就是魔法塔是死物，它的空间等级远低于属于半生物并具有自我成长性的虫巢。
However, the magic tower is good, and its shortcomings are also obvious, that is, the magic tower is a dead thing, and its spatial level is much lower than that of a half-living hive with self-growth.
虫巢的特殊活性，能让它自由处于任何空间中，而不用担心被排斥。还能吸收各种空间能量进行自我成长。
The special activity of the hive allows it to be free to be in any space without fear of being rejected. It can also absorb various spatial energy for self-growth.
魔法塔却不行，魔法塔的空间等级高于一般的储物工具，所以根本无法放入储物工具中带着走。它更不可能自行吸收空间能量进行自我成长，你想改动魔法塔任何一处，首先你就得对炼金术、魔法阵等知识极为精通。
The magic tower is not good, the space level of the magic tower is higher than the ordinary storage tools, so it can't be put in the storage tools and taken away. It is even more unlikely that it will absorb spatial energy on its own to grow itself, and if you want to change any part of the magic tower, you must first be extremely proficient in alchemy, magic array, and other knowledge.
所以魔法塔再好，王叶也不可能放弃虫巢而选择魔法塔，他只会让虫巢吸收魔法塔。哪怕虫巢吸收了魔法塔后也不可能一跃成为十级，只能保证某些功能区能维持原本魔法塔功能区的等级。
Therefore, no matter how good the magic tower is, it is impossible for Wang Ye to give up the hive and choose the magic tower, he will only let the hive absorb the magic tower. Even if the hive absorbs the magic tower, it will not be able to jump to level 10, and it can only ensure that some functional areas can maintain the level of the original magic tower functional area.
“你要融合魔法塔升级虫巢了吗？”雷木问。 "Are you going to fuse the magic tower to upgrade the hive?" Raimu asked.
王叶摇头：“出去再说。魔法塔等级太高了，加上前面的积累，如果这次我选择升级虫巢，我势必会沉睡好几天，甚至更久。”
Wang Ye shook his head: "Let's talk about it later." The level of the magic tower is too high, and with the previous accumulation, if I choose to upgrade the hive this time, I will inevitably sleep for several days, or even longer. ”
搏命之城可不是能让他安心睡觉的地方。 The City of Death was not a place where he could sleep in peace.
就算有海王的关系，他也得在这里不停做题和闯关。这是规则，谁也不能违反。
Even if he has a relationship with Aquaman, he has to keep doing questions and breaking through here. This is the rule, and no one can break it.
想睡上几天啥都不做？ Want to sleep for a few days without doing anything?
信不信等醒来已经死过好几次？ Believe it or not, how many times have you died when you wake up?
说不定他的虫巢空间都能被抢走。 Maybe his hive space will be snatched away.
“我们先去寻找疯药王的魔法塔，一切都等出去再说。”王叶道。
"Let's go find the magic tower of the Mad Medicine King first, and we'll talk about everything when we get out." Wang Ye said.
雷木也觉得这样更稳妥。 Lei Mu also felt that this was more secure.
王叶不止想要找疯药王的魔法塔，他还想多消灭和吸收几个具有空间能力的巡逻者。那玩意对虫巢也是大补！
Wang Ye not only wanted to find the magic tower of the Mad Medicine King, he also wanted to destroy and absorb a few more patrollers with spatial abilities. That thing is also a great complement to the hive!
不过这些小打算就不能跟海王说了。 But these small plans can't be told to Aquaman.
海王就算对他有点好印象，也不代表在知道他薅了它家羊圈里一整只羊以后，还想再薅一只羊，然后还想再薅好几把羊毛的情况下，还能对他有好脸色。
Even if the Sea King has a good impression of him, it doesn't mean that he can still have a good face for him when he knows that he wants to pick up another sheep and then several handfuls of wool after he knows that he wants to pick up a whole sheep in his sheepfold.
如果海王真的是他想的那个身份的话。 If Aquaman is really the identity he thinks.
“要走了吗？”一只青色蜘蛛爬到墙壁上问。 "Are you leaving?" A cyan spider crawled up the wall and asked.
王叶：“嗯。还有三十天的历练时间，我还有很多事要做。”
Wang Ye: "Hmm. I still have 30 days to go, and I still have a lot to do. ”
薅羊毛是肯定要薅的，但他也不能让花了积分送了他一场大机缘的兰道教授失望。
Wool is definitely going to be picked, but he can't let Professor Landau, who spent points to give him a big opportunity, disappoint.
虽然他已经掌握了四级卷轴，但如果能在出去前把五级也掌握，六级也能涉猎一些，那当然更保险。
Although he had already mastered the fourth-level scroll, it would certainly be safer if he could master the fifth-level before going out, and the sixth-level could also dabble in it.
所以接下来他必须要去的一个地方就是知识之塔，正好他有回城券——那份智慧之湖的邀请函。
So the next place he had to go to was the Tower of Knowledge, and it just so happened that he had an invitation to return to the city, the Lake of Wisdom.
受到那位瞎眼老妇人的启发，他已经试过把智慧之湖的邀请函反过来拿，果然上面出现了一句返回知识之塔的咒语。
Inspired by the blind old woman, he had tried to take the invitation to the Lake of Wisdom upside down, and sure enough, a spell appeared on it to return to the Tower of Knowledge.
但知识之塔有个麻烦，就是进去了很可能就要一直答题。
But the problem with the Tower of Knowledge is that if you go in, you will probably have to answer the questions all the time.
所以王叶打算等到最后二十天再去知识之塔，到时候就算知识之塔的管理者不肯放他离开，只要时间一到，他就能被踢出搏命之城秘境。
Therefore, Wang Ye planned to wait until the last twenty days to go to the Tower of Knowledge, and even if the administrator of the Tower of Knowledge refused to let him go, as long as the time came, he would be kicked out of the secret realm of the City of Death.
如此，他就还只剩下十天时间，这十天，他打算一大半用来找寻疯药王的魔法塔，还有一小半则是去圣东郡药剂店逛一逛。
In this way, he only had ten days left, and during these ten days, he planned to spend most of his time looking for the magic tower of the Mad Medicine King, and the other half was going to visit the Saint-East County Apothecary.
靳元辉可是送了他一百多万积分，他还拿到了圣东郡药剂店的邀请函，不去转转，感觉好亏。
Jin Yuanhui gave him more than one million points, and he also got an invitation letter from the Shengdong County Pharmacy, so he didn't go around, he felt a loss.
王叶转头就看到青色蜘蛛爬到了雷木手掌上，靳元辉非常喜欢雷木，对雷木也极为亲近。
Wang Ye turned his head and saw the cyan spider crawling onto Lei Mu's palm, Jin Yuanhui liked Lei Mu very much, and he was also extremely close to Lei Mu.
雷木正在询问靳元辉，傀儡二号的修复情况。 Lei Mu was asking Jin Yuanhui about the restoration of the puppet No. 2.
傀儡二号的主心修复，王叶和雷木没有参与。不是他们不想，而是看了也看不懂。你让中学生去研究超智能机器人的主系统不是开玩笑嘛。与其呆看着浪费时间，还不如去学习他们能掌握的。
The main heart of the puppet No. 2 was repaired, and Wang Ye and Lei Mu did not participate. It's not that they don't want to, it's that they can't understand it. You're not kidding when you ask middle school students to study the main systems of superintelligent robots. Instead of wasting time on watching, it's better to learn what they can master.
靳元辉表示还差一些。 Jin Yuanhui said that there is still some shortcoming.
王叶差点偷笑，当即道：“靳老，傀儡二号没有修复好，那您不是不能跟我们一起离开了？”
Wang Ye almost snickered, and immediately said, "Elder Jin, the puppet No. 2 has not been repaired, so can't you leave with us?" ”
王叶一副惋惜的神情，实际上巴不得青色蜘蛛说他不能离开，只能留在垃圾山。这样他就只要带一具无法苏醒的靳本体走就可以了。
Wang Ye looked sorry, in fact, he wished that the cyan spider said that he couldn't leave, so he could only stay in the garbage mountain. In this way, he only needs to take a Jin body that can't be awakened.
可惜青色蜘蛛一句话就打破了他的期待，他说：“傀儡二号的主心用的材料比较特殊，来自魔族。我只能做大半修复，但那颗魔心具有自我修复功能，所以就算我修复了大半也可以了，接下来傀儡二号可以自我慢慢恢复。对了，它现在已经恢复意识。”
It's a pity that the cyan spider broke his expectations with one sentence, and he said: "The material used in the main heart of Puppet No. 2 is relatively special, from the demon race. I can only do most of the repair, but the heart has a self-healing function, so even if I repair most of it, I can do it, and then Puppet Two can slowly recover itself. By the way, it has now regained consciousness. ”
王叶：“……”甩不掉了。 Wang Ye: "......" can't be shaken off.
十分钟后，王叶亲眼见到了两个傀儡认亲并抱头痛哭的现场。
Ten minutes later, Wang Ye saw the scene of the two puppets recognizing their relatives and hugging their heads and crying.
好吧，它们没哭，只是互相呆望了一会儿，就抱在一起开始唱歌，还手拉手地转圈圈。
Well, they didn't cry, they just looked at each other for a while, then hugged each other and started singing, and they circled hand in hand.
傀儡二号看到王叶和雷木两人，很高兴地向他们表达了谢意。
Puppet No. 2 saw Wang Ye and Lei Mu and happily thanked them.
王叶听到系统提醒，三万点经验值入账，也很高兴。 Wang Ye was also very happy when he heard the system's reminder that 30,000 experience points had been credited to his account.
大家都笑眯眯的，气氛特别好。 Everyone was smiling and the atmosphere was very good.
傀儡二号没跟王叶介绍海王是它的大哥，还是被带走的老三和老四。
Puppet No. 2 didn't introduce Aquaman to Wang Ye as his eldest brother, or the third and fourth children who were taken away.
王叶觉得傀儡二号和海王之间肯定进行了一番他们听不到的秘密交流。
Wang Ye felt that there must have been some secret communication between Puppet No. 2 and Aquaman that they couldn't hear.
海王的另一重身份已经呼之欲出，但它是如何获得意识，如何变成现在这样，如何获得最高控制权等，都还是未解之谜。
Another identity of Aquaman is already on the horizon, but how it gained consciousness, how it became what it is now, and how it gained supreme control is still a mystery.
这里也有几个疑问，如果海王真的是搏命之城的城主，傀儡二号被困在智慧之湖，为什么海王不去把它捞出来？
There are also a few questions here, if Aquaman is really the lord of the City of Fighting Death, and the puppet No. 2 is trapped in the Lake of Wisdom, why doesn't Aquaman fish it out?
最奇特的是，为什么傀儡二号对城主那么恐惧，还被规则惩罚？
The most peculiar thing is, why is the puppet No. 2 so afraid of the city lord and punished by the rules?
如果海王那么关心傀儡二号，又怎么舍得用规则惩罚它？还是说，海王也必须遵守它自己立下的规则？
If Aquaman cares so much about Puppet Two, how can he be willing to punish it with rules? Or does Aquaman have to follow the rules it has set for itself?
另外，傀儡二号说的奥卡兹高地到底在哪里？那里又隐藏了什么秘密？
Also, where exactly is the Okaz Heights that Puppet Two is talking about? And what secrets are hidden there?
对此，王叶有了一个新的、极为大胆的猜测。 In this regard, Wang Ye had a new and extremely bold guess.
他怀疑搏命之城很可能不止一个城主，或者说城主和管事人各有其人。
He suspected that there was probably more than one lord in the city of life, or that the lord and steward had their own people.
那个靳元辉口中的祸害是谁？
它的存在对于搏命之城有什么影响？ What impact does its existence have on the City of Death?
会不会城主压根就不是海王，而是那个祸害？ Could it be that the city lord is not the Sea King at all, but the scourge?
而海王则是…… And Aquaman is......
“你在想什么？”古古怪怪的。 "What are you thinking?" Quirky and weird.
王叶对雷木挤挤眼睛，表示虫巢中跟他说。 Wang Ye squeezed his eyes at Lei Mu, indicating that he was in the hive and told him.
正好傀儡二号过来，似乎有话跟他们说。 Puppet No. 2 came over and seemed to have something to say to them.
“很抱歉，有些事不能跟你们明说，我必须遵守城主定下的规则。”傀儡二号说。
"I'm sorry, I can't tell you something, I have to follow the rules set by the city lord." Puppet Two said.
王叶：“那如果有个可以避开城中规则的地方呢？” Wang Ye: "Then what if there is a place where you can avoid the rules of the city?" ”
傀儡二号一愣，下意识扭头看小海王。 Puppet No. 2 was stunned for a moment, and subconsciously turned his head to look at the little Sea King.
小海王却在和青色蜘蛛嘀嘀咕咕说着什么。 Little Aquaman was muttering something to the cyan spider.
王叶：“我有这么一个地方，你要跟我去说悄悄话吗？”
Wang Ye: "I have such a place, do you want to whisper with me?" ”
傀儡二号沉吟片刻，竟然同意了。 Puppet Two pondered for a moment, and then agreed.
王叶当即左手拉住傀儡二号，右手拉住雷木，进入虫巢隔离室。
Wang Ye immediately grabbed the puppet No. 2 with his left hand, and Lei Mu with his right hand, and entered the hive isolation room.
一进入隔离室，王叶就果断切断了虫巢和外面空间的全部联系。
As soon as he entered the isolation room, Wang Ye decisively cut off all the connection between the hive and the outside space.
“如何？在这里你还能感受到规则束缚吗？”王叶问。 "How? Can you still feel the constraints of the rules here? Wang Ye asked.
傀儡二号试着吐出：“奥卡兹高地……” Puppet Two tries to spit out: "Okaz Heights ......"
没有任何问题，它很轻松就说了出来。 There was no problem, it was easy to say.
傀儡二号又试着说出了一个名字：“伯里……” Puppet Two tries to name another name: "Bury ......"
同样没问题！ No problem either!
傀儡二号修好的眼睛是能量体，里面的能量波转啊转的，看过来时自带昏眩效果：“可以。这里依然能感受到规则束缚，但已经很……遥远，几乎不能起到效果。”
The eyes repaired by Puppet No. 2 are energy bodies, and the energy inside is spinning and turning, and it has a dizzy effect when it looks over: "Yes." You can still feel the rules here, but it's already ...... Far away, almost ineffective. ”
王叶：这就对了。他的空间隔断也不可能做到百分百隔断。否则他空间里的空气哪里来？至少现在虫巢还不能自成一个拥有自循环的完整空间。
Wang Ye: That's right. His space partition cannot be 100% partitioned. Otherwise, where does the air in his space come from? At least for now, the hive can't be a complete space with self-circulation.
傀儡二号看向雷木：“你想知道什么？你帮助修复了我，我可以把我知道的，只要能说的都告诉你。”
雷木对傀儡二号笑了笑，说道：“上次询问你知识之城到底发生了什么事，你没有明说，但提到了一个地点，奥卡兹高地，你还记得吗？”
Remu smiled at Puppet Two and said, "Last time I asked you what happened in the City of Knowledge, you didn't say it explicitly, but you mentioned a location, Okaz Heights, do you remember?" ”
傀儡二号点头：“记得。” Puppet Two nodded, "Yes." ”
“那么你能跟我们说说当年知识之城到底发生了什么事，以及你提到的这个地点又有什么特殊意义吗？”
"Can you tell us what happened to the City of Knowledge back then, and what is the special significance of the location you mentioned?"
傀儡二号同意了，它的叙述要比靳元辉完整得多，也详细得多。
Puppet No. 2 agreed, and its narrative was much more complete and detailed than Jin Yuanhui's.
很多细节，两人都没有听过也完全没有想到。 There are many details that neither of them have heard or thought of at all.
比如二号提到五位长老都是各专业的圣级大佬，是那个时代的最强力量，也是那个时代最受人尊敬和信仰的五个人。
For example, the five elders mentioned by No. 2 are all saint-level bosses of various professions, and they are the strongest forces in that era, and they are also the five most respected and believed in in that era.
而且五人还都分别担任过各大魔法学校的校长，在进入知识之城担任长老一职后才卸职。
Moreover, all five of them served as principals of major magic schools, and only stepped down after entering the City of Knowledge as elders.
最可怕的是，五人中有三人，分别是当时的魔法师公会会长，药师公会会长，和武师公会会长。
The most terrifying thing is that there are three of the five people, who are the president of the Magicians Guild at that time, the president of the Medicine Masters Guild, and the president of the Martial Arts Guild.
武师公会会长还兼任佣兵公会的荣誉副会长。 The president of the Warriors Guild also serves as the honorary vice president of the Mercenary Guild.
“所以他们在外面抓人和掀起各族矛盾才那么容易。”王叶呢喃。
"That's why it's so easy for them to arrest people and stir up conflicts among all ethnic groups outside." Wang Ye muttered.
“是这样。” "That's right."
“那这五个老怪物死了吗？”雷木问。 "Are these five old monsters dead?" Raimu asked.
傀儡二号迟疑了一会儿，说道：“不确定。” Puppet Two hesitated for a moment, then said, "Not sure. ”
这个说法倒是和靳元辉一样。 This statement is the same as Jin Yuanhui.
但接下来二号说的事，却是靳元辉没有提到的：“他们融合了。”
But what No. 2 said next was something that Jin Yuanhui didn't mention: "They fused." ”
“融合？”王叶怪叫。 "Fusion?" Wang Ye monster screamed.
雷木：“能详细说说吗？” Remu: "Can you elaborate on that?" ”
傀儡二号：“应该说是被融合。我跟你说过，我想要修复和复活弟弟们，也想让大哥变得和我一样，我就偷偷去找我大哥，在那里遇到了一个人。这个人就是伯里，他是大长老的首徒，一个天才中的天才。大长老很多构想其实都来自他。”
Puppet Two: "It should be said that it was fused. I told you that I wanted to restore and resurrect my younger brothers, and I also wanted my eldest brother to become like me, so I secretly went to my eldest brother and met someone there. This man was Burry, the first disciple of the Great Elder, a genius of geniuses. Many of the Great Elder's ideas actually came from him. ”
大长老是当时最有名的魔法阵大师，他一共有十二个弟子，伯里在这些弟子中是最没有名气的一个。
The Great Elder was the most famous magic array master at that time, he had a total of twelve disciples, and Bury was the least famous of these disciples.
但实际上，他实力最强，他不但精通魔法阵，还精通卷轴制作和魔画绘制，甚至还懂一些炼金术，更不为人知地修习了偏黑暗系的灵魂类魔法。
But in fact, he is the strongest, he is not only proficient in magic arrays, but also proficient in scroll making and magic painting painting, and even knows some alchemy, and even knows about the dark soul magic.
“大长老达尔十分妒忌伯里，他妒忌伯里的年轻、妒忌他的智慧、妒忌他的天赋和才能。大长老越老，越是想把伯里的一切都转移到自己身上。但大长老又很珍惜伯里，他的十二个弟子每一个都是天才，也都是他的实验材料。”
"Great Elder Dahl was very jealous of Bury, of his youth, of his wisdom, of his talent and talent. The older the Great Elder gets, the more he wants to transfer everything Burry has to himself. But the Great Elder cherished Burry very much, and each of his twelve disciples was a genius, and they were also his experimental materials. ”
“但大长老之所以生出要转移别人的天赋到自己身上，还觉得有成功可能性的根子，却在伯里身上。”傀儡二号说出了当时最大的秘密。
"But the reason why the Great Elder gave birth to the desire to transfer other people's talents to himself, and felt that there was a possibility of success, was in Burry." Puppet Two tells the biggest secret of the time.
“伯里故意诱惑了大长老，他甚至让大长老越过他，先拿其他弟子做实验，而把他留到最后。而大长老则诱惑了其他四个长老，用事实告诉四个长老，他的设想是有可能实现的。三长老慕寒和四长老张谦一开始很反对大长老的做法，可伯里去见过他们后，三长老和四长老的想法就改变了，变得比大长老还要积极。”
"Bury deliberately seduced the Great Elder, and he even let the Great Elder pass him and experiment with the other disciples first, leaving him for last. The Great Elder, on the other hand, seduced the other four elders and told them the facts that his vision was possible. The Third Elder Mu Han and the Fourth Elder Zhang Qian were very opposed to the Great Elder's approach at first, but after Bury went to see them, the Third Elder and the Fourth Elder's thoughts changed and became more positive than the Great Elder. ”
“二长老闻天乐是第一个被融合的，他是五个长老中最聪明也最年轻的一个，他精通药学和魔法阵，他也是最不管事的一个，性情也最为豁达。可他太相信朋友了，五长老白克莱就是他的好友。五长老欺骗了二长老，”
"Second Elder Wen Tianle is the first to be fused, he is the smartest and youngest of the five elders, he is proficient in medicine and magic array, he is also the most careless one, and his temperament is also the most open-minded. But he trusted his friends too much, and the Fifth Elder Bai Clay was his friend. The Fifth Elder deceived the Second Elder,"
“停！你说二长老叫什么？”王叶满脸不可置信。 "Stop! What do you say the second elder is called? Wang Ye's face was full of disbelief.
傀儡二号重复：“二长老叫闻天乐。” Puppet No. 2 repeated: "The second elder is called Wen Tianle. ”
王叶傻眼。他师父的祖父就叫这个名字！ Wang Ye was dumbfounded. That's what his master's grandfather called!
“咳，这位二长老是不是有个小儿子叫闻四季？” "Ahem, does this second elder have a younger son named Wen Siji?"
“对。” "Yes."
王叶：“……”师父啊，原来您老人家有这么牛掰的身世！
Wang Ye: "...... Master, it turns out that your old man has such a bullish background!"
知识之城的二长老啊，如果这位二长老现在还能活着，他师父的身份那真是比皇太子还尊贵。
The Second Elder of the City of Knowledge, if this Second Elder is still alive now, his master's identity is really more noble than that of the crown prince.
“请继续。二长老后来怎么了？”这可是他师祖啊！ "Please continue. What happened to the Second Elder? "This is his ancestor!
二号：“五长老和其他三个长老联手把二长老制服，并拿他做实验。把二长老的精神力、天赋、魔力、知识和生命力，分别转移到了其他四个长老身上。”
Number two: "The Fifth Elder and the other three Elders joined forces to subdue the Second Elder and experimented on him. The spiritual power, talent, magic power, knowledge, and vitality of the second elder were transferred to the other four elders respectively. ”
卧槽！王叶变色。 it! King leaves change color.
能明白他的心情吗？本来只是听别人的故事，谁想到一下就变成自家血海深仇了！
Can you understand his feelings? Originally, I was just listening to other people's stories, but who would have thought that it would become a deep hatred of my own blood!
雷木：小叶子怎么又想杀人了？ Reimu: Why does Xiaoyezi want to kill again?
二号还在继续述说：“五长老是魔厨，也懂炼药，他当时看着还很年轻，实际已经到了生命末期。他不想死，一直在寻找延长寿命的方法。余生药王的延寿药剂一研究出来，他是第一个服用的。但三十年的寿命对他来说还是太短暂，那时伯里找上了他，说有办法帮他在临死前突破。”
No. 2 continued: "The fifth elder is a demon chef and knows how to refine medicine, he looked very young at the time, and he has actually reached the end of his life. He didn't want to die and was always looking for ways to prolong his life. As soon as the life-prolonging elixir of the Rest of Life Medicine King was studied, he was the first to take it. But thirty years was still too short for him, and it was then that Bury approached him and said that there was a way to help him break through before he died. ”
“五长老得到了二长老的魔力和生命力，他的寿命果然再次延长。因为这次转移成功，四位长老也更加相信他们的研究方法是对的。而研究需要更多的实验体，为了不让别人怀疑到他们头上。四位长老由最擅长炼金的三长老动手，他们炼制了一个假人，给它披上二长老的人皮，让它冒充二长老。”
"The Fifth Elder has obtained the magic power and vitality of the Second Elder, and his lifespan has indeed been extended again. Because of the success of this transfer, the four elders were even more convinced that their research methods were correct. And research needs more test subjects, so that no one else suspects them. The four elders were started by the third elder, who was the best at alchemy, and they refined a dummy, dressed it in the human skin of the second elder, and let it pretend to be the second elder. ”
“这个假人的底基就是我大哥。” "The foundation of this dummy is my eldest brother."
“因为二长老不怎么管事，也极少露面，他又喜欢用傀儡，虽然有家人……他妻子早逝，但他有两个儿子，大儿子可能发现了不对，悄悄把弟弟闻四季送出了城，之后不久就也上了失踪名单。这之后就没有人怀疑那个二长老是假人。”
"Because the second elder doesn't take care of things very much, and he rarely shows up, he likes to use puppets, although he has a family...... His wife died young, but he had two sons, and the eldest son may have noticed something was wrong and quietly sent his younger brother Wen Siji out of the city, and soon after that, he was also on the missing list. After that, no one suspected that the second elder was a dummy. ”
王叶捂脸，心想不知道他师父闻笛知不知道这些内情？ Wang Ye covered his face, wondering if his master knew these inside information?
二号不知道王叶的复杂心情，以为他只是同情那位二长老，就说道：“另外四位长老都没有好下场，先是精通炼金的三长老说要闭关思考一个问题，实际上他被伯里给融合了。再出来时就是我大哥，我大哥换了三长老的人皮，就变成了三长老。”
No. 2 didn't know Wang Ye's complicated feelings, thinking that he was just sympathetic to the second elder, so he said: "The other four elders didn't end well, first the third elder, who was proficient in alchemy, said that he wanted to retreat and think about a problem, but in fact, he was fused by Bury. When he came out again, it was my eldest brother, and my eldest brother changed the human skin of the three elders and became the three elders. ”
“然后就是四长老、五长老，最后是大长老。五位长老非重要的事不会集合在一起，平时有什么事也喜欢用魔法沟通，这就非常方便伯里和我大哥联手作假。”
"Then there are the four elders, the five elders, and finally the great elders. The five elders don't gather together for non-important things, and they usually like to use magic to communicate about everything, which makes it very convenient for Bury and my eldest brother to join forces to cheat. ”
二号不愧是傀儡，不管说什么内容，都是波澜不惊：“大长老一直到最后都不知道其他三个长老已经被伯里融合了。在大长老把自己融合成一个怪物后，伯里找到了他。大长老为了对抗伯里，就放出了地牢里的怪物们，怪物们又放出更多怪物，知识之城大乱。”
No. 2 is worthy of being a puppet, no matter what he says, he is not shocked: "The Great Elder didn't know until the end that the other three elders had been fused by Burry. After the Great Elder fused himself into a monster, Burry found him. In order to fight against Bury, the Great Elder released the monsters in the dungeon, and the monsters released more monsters, and the city of knowledge was in chaos. ”
“然后那个伯里就变成了最后的大boss？”王叶接口。
"And then that Burry became the final boss?" Wang Ye interface.
二号点头：“是的。伯里想要成神，但他认为成神的路已经断了，因为人类变得不再完美。他走融合一道就是为了创造出最初的完美人种，可以突破成神的人种。”
Number Two nodded: "Yes." Bury wants to become a god, but he thinks that the way to becoming a god is broken because humanity has become no longer perfect. He went through fusion in order to create the original perfect human race, the human race that could break through to become a god. ”
“伯里说在双月星远古，人类包括其他种族都可以突破成神，但某天天降火雨，灾难来到双月星，双月星的物种受到了外来异种的侵蚀，导致完美人种中出现了变异，自那以后，混入了异种血脉的人族和其他各族都没办法再突破成神。”
"Bury said that in the ancient times of the Twin Moon Stars, human beings, including other races, could break through to become gods, but one day there was fire and rain, and disaster came to the Twin Moon Stars, and the species of the Twin Moon Stars were eroded by alien alien species, resulting in mutations in the perfect human race, and since then, the human race and other races mixed with the blood of the alien race have no way to break through to become gods."
“伯里做的就是想要找回神血，剔除异种血脉，回到最初。”
"What Burry did was to retrieve the divine blood, eliminate the alien bloodline, and return to the beginning."
王叶和雷木：“……”疯子果然都有其独到的理由。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu: "......" madmen really have their own unique reasons.
“那么你提到的奥卡兹高地就是那个伯里待的地方？”雷木问。
"So the Okaz Heights you mentioned is where Burry stayed?" Raimu asked.
二号：“是的，他就在那里。他是最大的祸害！” Two: "Yes, he was there. He is the greatest scourge! ”
王叶拍掌，解密了：靳元辉提到的那个祸害原来就是伯里。
Wang Ye clapped his hands and decrypted: the scourge mentioned by Jin Yuanhui turned out to be Burry.
“海王是你大哥？”王叶冷不丁问。 "Aquaman is your eldest brother?" Wang Ye asked coldly.
二号：“……它是大哥和三弟四弟和二长老的融合体。”
Number two: "...... It is a fusion of the eldest brother and the third brother, the fourth brother and the second elder. ”
王叶：好复杂。 Wang Ye: It's complicated.
王叶又有种了然的沾沾自喜，怪不得海王一见他面就特别喜欢他，这师祖看重孙孙，能不喜欢吗？这就是天生的猿粪啊！
Wang Ye was complacent again, no wonder the Sea King liked him very much when he saw him, this master valued his grandson, can he not like it? This is natural ape droppings!
王叶这时又忽略了这辈子他和闻笛师父压根连面都没见过的事实。
At this time, Wang Ye ignored the fact that he and Master Wendi had never met at all in this life.
“伯里一直在提高自己，他的融合术其实很厉害，他当时的实力已经超过了圣级，就是大长老都不是他的对手，但他一直潜伏着。伯里不相信人类，他只相信他自己，和没有灵魂的傀儡。”
"Bury has been improving himself, his fusion technique is actually very powerful, his strength at that time has exceeded the saint level, even the Great Elder is not his opponent, but he has been lurking. Bury doesn't believe in humans, he only believes in himself, and soulless puppets. ”
傀儡二号木木地说：“我去找他，想要一个伙伴。我做错了，让他知道我的特殊。他差点拆了我，后来我再醒来，就待在了智慧之湖的次空间里，身体也成了几块，无法再行走。”
The puppet No. 2 Mumu said, "I went to him and wanted a partner." I did something wrong and let him know that I was special. He almost demolished me, and when I woke up again, I was in the subspace of the Lake of Wisdom, and my body was broken into pieces, and I could no longer walk. ”
二号随即又很高兴地说：“刚才海王已经告诉我，是它救了我。它在我身上做了手脚，让伯里以为我的意识已经死亡，它还准备了另外一具和我一样的傀儡冒充我，让伯里拆解研究，而暗中，海王把我送到了智慧之湖，还把我藏到了我的次空间中。”
Number Two then said happily, "Aquaman told me just now that it saved me. It manipulated me to make Bury think that my consciousness was dead, and it prepared another puppet like me to impersonate me for Burry to disassemble and study, and secretly, Aquaman sent me to the Lake of Wisdom and hid me in my subspace. ”
王叶又解开了一个谜：他可以确定了，城主不是海王，而是伯里。所以二号违反规则才会被惩罚得差点死掉，而海王却在看到二号的“尸体”后那么痛苦，并付出很大的代价也要救回傀儡二号。
Wang Ye solved another riddle: he could be sure that the city lord was not the Sea King, but Bury. That's why No. 2 was punished for breaking the rules and almost died, while Aquaman was so painful after seeing No. 2's "corpse" and paid a lot of money to save the puppet No. 2.
“海王是不是早就诞生了自我意识，但为了保命，就一直伪装成没有意识的傀儡，服务于那个伯里，之后就在关键时刻背刺了那个祸害，把伯里压制了起来，并夺得了部分秘境管理权？”王叶问。
"Did Aquaman give birth to self-consciousness a long time ago, but in order to save his life, he has been disguised as an unconscious puppet to serve that Burry, and then backstabbed that scourge at a critical moment, suppressed Burry, and seized part of the management of the secret realm?" Wang Ye asked.
傀儡二号怔愣片刻，道：“这些详细，海王没有跟我说，但根据我的推测，你的猜测有七成可能是真实。”
Puppet No. 2 was stunned for a moment and said, "These details, the Sea King didn't tell me, but according to my speculation, your guess is seventy percent likely to be true." ”
到此，知识之城的秘密已经解开八成。 At this point, the secrets of the City of Knowledge have been solved.
最后，傀儡二号跟两人说道：“海王和我都想要知识之城恢复到过去那样，但只要伯里还在，那知识之城就只能是搏命之城，除非海王能够突破。但海王说它作为傀儡，它的发展也受到了限制，它可以压制伯里，却没办法真正消灭他。”
In the end, Puppet Two said to the two: "Aquaman and I both want the City of Knowledge to return to the way it used to be, but as long as Burry is still there, the City of Knowledge can only be a City of Death, unless Aquaman can break through." But Aquaman says that as a puppet, its development is also limited, it can suppress Burry, but there is no way to really destroy him. ”
“海王伪装城主，和外面的超凡者们定下契约，允许外面的历练者进来历练，也是为了培养出一个能彻底解决伯里的超凡者。你们俩，努力吧！我和海王都很好看你们。”
"The Sea King disguised himself as the city lord and made a contract with the transcendents outside, allowing the outside practitioners to come in and practice, also in order to cultivate a transcendent who could completely solve Burry. You two, go for it! Aquaman and I are very good at you. ”
雷木：不，我很确定，你们看好的一定不是我，真不用加个们字。
Remu: No, I'm pretty sure it's not me that you're looking forward to, so I don't need to add a word.
王叶连连摆手，特别谦虚地说：“我们不行，我们真的不行，我们就是那乡下来的小土鳖，平生最大志愿就是健康幸福活到老。这么艰巨而又伟大的任务，还是交给其他天之骄子天道宠儿老天爷的亲儿子吧。我们就是后妈养的，真的~”
Wang Ye waved his hand again and again, and said very modestly: "We can't do it, we really can't, we are the little turtles in the countryside, and our biggest wish in life is to live healthy and happy to old age." Such an arduous and great task should be handed over to the sons of other heavenly pride sons and darlings of the Heavenly Dao. We were raised by our stepmother, really~"
傀儡二号：“……” Puppet Two: "......"
王叶是真·不想给自己找麻烦。 Wang Ye really didn't want to make trouble for himself.
他的终极目标还是养生和养娃，并富足快乐地过日子。像拯救一个秘境乃至一个世界这种伟大的事，那得是不世出的英雄才能担得起。
His ultimate goal is to maintain health and raise a baby, and live a prosperous and happy life. Such a great thing as saving a secret realm or even a world can only be afforded by an unborn hero.
他还是个小学生呢，啃啃饼就好了。 He's still a schoolboy, so it's good to nibble on a cake.
第180章 圣东郡药剂店 Chapter 180: St. East County Apothecary
傀儡二号离开，王叶伸了个懒腰，“那位炼金王和伯里一定认识。”
Puppet No. 2 left, and Wang Ye stretched, "That alchemy king and Burry must know each other." ”
雷木转头看他。 Remu turned to look at him.
王叶：“你想啊，靳元辉认识海王，他本身还是炼金师，又是圣级，如果在城变前海王一直为伯里服务，靳元辉想要认识海王，并和它结下能把自己身体和魔法塔都委托给海王的深厚友情，他必然和海王有很多来往，来往一多，他怎么可能瞒得过伯里？”
Wang Ye: "What do you think, Jin Yuanhui knows the Sea King, he is still an alchemist, and he is a saint, if the Sea King has been serving Bury before the city change, Jin Yuanhui wants to know the Sea King, and form a deep friendship with him that can entrust his body and the magic tower to the Sea King, he must have a lot of dealings with the Sea King, and there are many contacts, how can he hide it from Bury?" ”
雷木目光微动，道：“伯里会炼金，他的炼金术会不会就是靳老教的？”
Lei Mu's eyes moved slightly, and he said, "Burry can do alchemy, could his alchemy be taught by Jin Lao?" ”
王叶打了个响指：“不止如此，就算海王在城变后藏起靳元辉的身体和魔法塔。但靳元辉在这之前身体就出了问题，就凭那个伯里什么都敢融合的架势来看，你觉得他会放过一名圣级炼金师？”
Wang Ye snapped his fingers: "Not only that, even if the Sea King hides Jin Yuanhui's body and magic tower after the city change." But Jin Yuanhui had a problem with his body before this, judging from that Burry's posture of daring to fuse anything, do you think he would let go of a saint-level alchemist? ”
雷木：“这座城里似乎除了傀儡以外，再看不到活人。”
Remu: "It seems that there are no living people in this city except for puppets. ”
“就是这样。靳元辉现在虽然沉眠不醒还半死不活，但他怎么也活到了现在，可是和他同期的人呢？”王叶再次说出结论：“所以靳元辉和伯里一定有交情，还是不浅的交情。曹操还有两个知心好友，伯里也不会例外。”
"That's it. Although Jin Yuanhui is still asleep and half-dead, how can he live until now, but what about the people who are the same as him? Wang Ye said the conclusion again: "So Jin Yuanhui and Bury must have a relationship, or a shallow friendship." Cao Cao also has two close friends, and Bury will be no exception. ”
“曹操是谁？” "Who is Cao Cao?"
“一个很牛的枭雄。” "A very good man."
“枭雄啊……”雷木明白王叶的形容了，也明白了王叶对靳元辉的排斥源头在哪里：“这也是你不想带走靳元辉的原因？因为你觉得伯里会很在意他？”
"Xiaoxiong, ......" Lei Mu understood Wang Ye's description, and also understood where the source of Wang Ye's rejection of Jin Yuanhui was: "This is also the reason why you don't want to take Jin Yuanhui away?" Because you think Burry cares about him? ”
“对。那窥探我们的目光九成就是伯里，我们在垃圾山，伯里就收敛了，所以他现在很可能还不知道靳元辉要跟我们一起离开的事。但如果我们离开了垃圾山，还让伯里知道我们带走了靳元辉和他的魔法塔……”
"Yes. The eyes that spied on us were Burry, we were in the garbage mountain, and Burry was reined, so it is very likely that he did not know that Jin Yuanhui was leaving with us now. But if we leave the garbage mountain, let Burry know that we took Jin Yuanhui and his magic tower with us......"
雷木脸色凝重：“接下来有硬仗要打了。” Lei Mu's face was solemn: "There is a tough battle to fight next." ”
当晚六点半。 Half past six that night.
王叶算好时间把青色蜘蛛接回虫巢，跟海王告别。 Wang Ye calculated the time to take the cyan spider back to the hive and bid farewell to the sea king.
海王抓了一本乐谱塞给王叶，让他出去以后再看。 Aquaman grabbed a sheet music and stuffed it to Wang Ye and asked him to read it later when he went out.
王叶听话地没有翻开看，而是直接收起来。 Wang Ye obediently didn't open it to look at it, but put it away directly.
海王握着成年人身高的傀儡二号的手，跟依偎在大人身边的小孩一样，挥了挥小爪子：“去吧，争取不要死。以后没事来找我和二号玩，我们一起唱歌~”
Aquaman held the hand of the adult-sized puppet No. 2, and waved his little paw like a child snuggling next to an adult: "Go, fight not to die." Come to me and play with No. 2 if you have nothing to do in the future, let's sing together~"
“好。”王叶忽然弯腰用力抱了抱小海王。刚刚，一声师祖差点就脱口而出。
"Okay." Wang Ye suddenly bent down and hugged the little sea king hard. Just now, the ancestor almost blurted out.
海王有点惊讶，但也用小爪子抱住了王小叶，还用自己的金属脸蛋蹭了蹭小孩的脸。
The Sea King was a little surprised, but he also hugged Wang Xiaoye with his little paws, and rubbed the child's face with his metal face.
王叶感受着怀里的冰凉，伤感：师祖啊，您的血海深仇，我现在还没办法为您报，虽然不知道您有哪部分在海王身上得到延续，可您一定要好好的，等我突破十级。
Wang Ye felt the coldness in his arms, and was sad: "Master, your blood and hatred, I can't avenge you now, although I don't know which part of you has been continued in the Sea King, but you must be good, wait for me to break through the tenth level."
“再见！”王叶松开海王，站起。 "Goodbye!" Wang Ye let go of the Sea King and stood up.
“债见~”小海王不住挥小手。 "See you in debt~" The little sea king couldn't help waving his hand.
王叶拿出圣东郡魔法药剂店的邀请函，念出咒语。 Wang Ye took out the invitation letter from the magic potion shop in Shengdong County and recited the incantation.
小海王看着王叶身影从原地消失，歪了歪头。 The little sea king watched Wang Ye's figure disappear from the spot and tilted his head.
傀儡二号走到小海王身后。 Puppet Two walked behind Little Aquaman.
小海王忽然幽幽叹息一声：“这小崽子制作药剂的手法不知道是跟四季学的，还是跟四季的后代学的，连小习惯都一模一样。”
The little sea king suddenly sighed faintly: "I don't know if this little cub's method of making potions was learned from the four seasons, or from the descendants of the four seasons, and even the little habits are exactly the same." ”
傀儡二号：“我跟他提到了二长老，他对二长老似乎特别注意。”
Puppet Two: "I mentioned the Second Elder to him, and he seems to be paying special attention to the Second Elder. ”
小海王两只小爪子用力一握，很高兴地说：“那就没错了，应该是我家的了~。他刚才抱我明显充满了感情，这小崽子是个重情的。”
The little sea king's two little paws clenched hard, and said happily: "That's right, it should be my family~." He was obviously full of emotion when he hugged me just now, this little cub is a heavy affection. ”
如果不是推断出小崽子很可能是他的徒子徒孙，只凭几首歌和精灵印记就想他给出一座魔法塔？还让他带走靳元辉？做梦去吧。
If it weren't for the fact that the little cub was likely to be his apprentice and grandson, he wanted him to give a magic tower based on just a few songs and elven marks? And let him take Jin Yuanhui away? Dream on.
傀儡二号看着小海王的眼神也充满了感情，小海王的意识诞生有着难以复制的巧合性。
The puppet No. 2 looked at the little Sea King's eyes and was also full of emotion, and the birth of the little Sea King's consciousness had a coincidence that was difficult to replicate.
当年二长老被迫害，身体被拆分，他的灵魂是首先被毁灭的。
At that time, the second elder was persecuted, his body was dismantled, and his soul was the first to be destroyed.
就连伯里都以为二长老的灵魂被摧毁得干干净净，却不知道就在实验室里作为助手待着的海王就是在那天“苏醒”了过来。
Even Burry thought that the soul of the second elder had been completely destroyed, but he didn't know that Aquaman, who was waiting as an assistant in the laboratory, had "woken up" that day.
但有了自己主意识的海王既不是过去的傀儡，也不是完整的二长老闻天乐，他就是海王。
But the Sea King who has his own main consciousness is neither a puppet of the past, nor a complete Second Elder Wen Tianle, he is the Sea King.
海王握住傀儡二号的金属手：“走吧，你的身体还需要好好蕴养。”
Aquaman held the metal hand of Puppet Two: "Let's go, your body still needs to be well nourished." ”
他们是这世界上彼此唯一的伙伴，唯二的机械生命。 They are each other's only companions in the world, the only two mechanical beings.
另一头，王叶落到了圣东郡药剂店铺里。 On the other side, Wang Ye fell into the pharmacy of Shengdong County.
一落地，他就看到周围有好几个人。 As soon as he landed, he saw several people around.
他竟然又看到了狄滨和雅阁，还有汉斯。 He even saw Dibin and Accord again, and Hans.
另外还有几个看着年轻，但没有穿校服的魔法师。 There are also a few magicians who look young, but don't wear school uniforms.
这些人似乎很疲累，有人身上还有很重的伤，他们分别坐在店铺的大堂里，有人闭着眼睛，像是在休息。还有人在喝水吃东西。
The men seemed to be tired, some of them were still badly wounded, and they were sitting in the lobby of the shop, some of them with their eyes closed, as if they were resting. There are also people drinking water and eating.
汉斯看到王叶，主动走过来，笑着打招呼道：“没想到能在这里看到你，你也弄到了这里的邀请函吗？”
When Hans saw Wang Ye, he took the initiative to come over and greeted him with a smile: "I didn't expect to see you here, did you also get the invitation here?" ”
王叶左右看看，仰头道：“今天是什么特殊日子吗？我还以为在这里很难看到其他历练者。”
Wang Ye looked left and right, raised his head and said, "Is today a special day?" I thought it would be hard to see other practitioners here. ”
汉斯惊讶：“你不知道？” Hans was surprised: "You don't know? ”
王叶茫然脸：“我该知道什么？” Wang Ye was blank: "What should I know?" ”
“我还以为你知道才会过来，难不成你真的是来买东西的？”汉斯开玩笑道。
"I thought you would come here if you knew, could it be that you are really here to buy something?" Hans joked.
王叶：没错，我就是来买东西的。 Wang Ye: That's right, I'm here to buy something.
但他不能这么说啊，只能说：“我拿到了邀请函就过来看看了。”
But he couldn't say that, he could only say, "I got the invitation and came over to take a look." ”
汉斯刚要说话，一道声音插进来：“大家都是拿到邀请函的人。每晚六点半到七点之间，圣东郡药剂店才会开门，也才会允许历练者进入，最长可以待到零点前。在这个时间点之前和之后都不行。虽然这里要做题，但只要你不想要奖励，就可以不做。拿到邀请函的历练者们都把这里当做一个安全点，每晚都会到这里来喘口气。”
Hans was just about to speak, when a voice interjected: "Everyone is the one who got the invitation. Every night between half past six and seven o'clock, the St. East County Pharmacy will be open, and practitioners will be allowed to enter, and they can stay until midnight. Not before and after this point in time. Although there is a question to be done here, as long as you don't want a reward, you can do it. The trainees who got the invitation made it a safe spot and would come here every night to catch their breath. ”
“如果恰好在晚六点半到七点之间遇到危险，还能把邀请函当做逃跑卷轴使用。现在人还算少，等会儿来的人会更多。快到各校大比了，这段时间来这里的历练者数量会比平时都多。”汉斯接口，笑了笑，对王叶介绍来人：
"If you happen to be in danger between half past six and seven o'clock in the evening, you can also use the invitation as an escape scroll. There are still few people, and there will be more people later. It's almost time for the big competition between the schools, and the number of practitioners who come here during this time will be more than usual. Hans smiled, and introduced the person to Wang Ye:
“熊杰。东泉魔法异术学校卷轴学院六年级生，超有名的天才。”
"Xiong Jie. A sixth-year student at the Scroll Academy of the Dongquan Magic School, a super-famous genius. ”
熊杰没有愧对他的姓氏，身高至少一米九五，但他的肌肉并不夸张，五官也比较清俊，性格显然也比较外向，他上下打量王叶，惊讶道：“我还是第一次在这里看到你这么小的历练者。陨星魔法学校的学生？”
Xiong Jie is worthy of his surname, he is at least one meter nine and five tall, but his muscles are not exaggerated, his facial features are relatively handsome, and his personality is obviously more extroverted, he looked Wang Ye up and down, and said in surprise: "It's the first time I've seen you here." A student at Falling Star School of Magic? ”
“是啊。原来邀请函还能当逃跑卷轴使用，大家可真聪明。”王叶老气横秋地道。
"yes. It turns out that the invitation can also be used as an escape scroll, which is really smart. Wang Ye is old-fashioned and authentic.
熊杰一听这话就把王叶当小孩子看了，就没再和王叶说话，而是和汉斯交谈起来。
As soon as Xiong Jie heard this, he looked at Wang Ye as a child, and did not talk to Wang Ye again, but talked to Hans.
王叶看到他们嘴巴在动，却没有听到声音，知道他们使用了隔绝魔法。
Wang Ye saw their mouths moving, but didn't hear a sound, and knew that they were using isolation magic.
王叶没管这两人，他对狄滨和雅阁摇摇手，还特地跑到他们面前跟他们打招呼：“你们好啊，看到你们还活着，我就放心了。对了，你们这次又想坑谁啊？”
Wang Ye didn't care about the two of them, he shook his hand at Di Bin and Accord, and specially ran to them to greet them: "Hello, I feel relieved to see that you are still alive." By the way, who do you want to pit this time? ”
狄滨&雅阁：泥奏凯！ Di Bin & Accord: Mud Song Kai!
有人抬头看向三人，还有人发出了低笑声。 Some looked up at the trio, others let out a low chuckle.
王叶在打量大堂里的人，大堂里的历练者们也在打量王叶。
Wang Ye was looking at the people in the lobby, and the practitioners in the lobby were also looking at Wang Ye.
大概都没有见过这么小的历练者，大家对王叶都有点在意。
Probably I have never seen such a small practitioner, and everyone is a little concerned about Wang Ye.
王叶来这里可不是为了休息，他走向柜台。 Wang Ye didn't come here to rest, he walked to the counter.
柜台里有店伙计。 There's a shop guy at the counter.
店伙计看到王叶，立刻堆起热情笑容：“七点还没到，等七点到了才能答题。”
When the shopkeeper saw Wang Ye, he immediately smiled enthusiastically: "Seven o'clock has not arrived yet, and you can answer the question when seven o'clock arrives." ”
“我不答题，我想买东西，这里积分能用吗？”王叶小声问。
"I don't answer the question, I want to buy something, can I use the points here?" Wang Ye asked in a low voice.
店伙计闻言，脸上的笑容更热情了：“当然可以！您想买什么？我可以给您介绍。”
When the shopkeeper heard this, the smile on his face became more enthusiastic: "Of course you can!" What do you want to buy? I can introduce you. ”
“我想自己看。” "I want to see for myself."
“可以。但是……您有积分卡吗？” "Yes. But...... Do you have a loyalty card? ”
王叶摸出积分卡亮给店伙计看。 Wang Ye took out the score card and showed it to the store guy.
店伙计一看竟然是最高级别的积分卡，二话不说就打开了围挡，躬身道：“客人，您请，请上二楼。”
于是，王叶就在大堂所有历练者的目光中，大摇大摆地踏上前往二楼的楼梯。
正在交谈的汉斯和熊杰讶然，吃惊地看着王叶的背影消失在楼梯道。
熊杰：“他有积分卡？”
汉斯猜测：“应该是他的师长给他的，可能是想委托他买什么东西。”
熊杰恍然：“怪不得。”
只要对这座城稍微了解一些的历练者都知道这座城的积分有多宝贵。有时候他们答题做任务也会得到一些积分奖励，但真心不多。
而且他们都受到过长辈嘱托，让他们得到积分也不要乱用，最好能都带出来，转给学校换成学分。而这些积分，学校那边累加起来，可以让其他学生也有机会进入这个时间秘境。
不是学生的历练者，也不会乱用积分，谁都想积累积分好下次再进来。
圣东郡药剂店不止卖药剂，还有药材。
药材的范围很广，药植、矿石、昆虫、魔兽身体一部分……应有尽有。
王叶主要买的就是这些东西。
知识之城可是当年全世界最高研究机构，这里材料之丰富，天下闻名。而且两百多年的时间差，当时能买到并且价格不算高的一些药材，到了今天，要么在外面很稀少，要么就价格死贵。
地球人都知道赚差价的重要性。
王叶来这里，怎么可能不扫货？尤其他现在还揣着一百多万的巨款。
不管是能量具现物还是实物，只要能让他带出去，那就是好物。
王叶打开了虫巢和外界的视窗，雷木和疯药王他们在虫巢里面也能看到外面的东西。
王叶首先走到矿石区，挑了几块矿石。
金宝儿在虫巢里蹦跶，急得不住喊：“爸叽~！皮卡叽！”
那个，我要那个红色的！
王叶哼唧一声，但还是拿起那块红色矿石，闻了闻，放进购物篮里。
“皮卡叽！”那块黑色也要。
王叶又把黑色的也放入篮子中。
金宝儿欢喜得要命，指点他小叶子爸爸拿这个拿那个。
他不知道那些矿石都叫什么名字，他就感觉到都是好吃哒~。
王叶看价格不贵，金宝想要什么就都拿了。就冲金宝每次看到青色蜘蛛都追着咬的份上。
如果是价格贵的，他就施展鉴定术看看值不值得买。 If it's expensive, he performs an appraisal to see if it's worth buying.
臭金宝脸皮最厚，也最放肆，想要什么都敢开口。可雷木和小云他们，哪怕看到心动的，也不会要。
Stinky Jinbao is the thickest skinned and the most presumptuous, and dares to open his mouth for anything he wants. But Lei Mu and Xiaoyun, even if they see what they like, they won't want it.
王叶心疼雷木和小云，幸好他在来之前就交代过他们，看到想要的一定要开口，免得他买下一堆“自以为对他们好、但他们并不想要”的东西。
Wang Ye felt sorry for Lei Mu and Xiaoyun, fortunately he had explained to them before he came, and he had to open his mouth when he saw what he wanted, lest he buy a bunch of things that "thought they were good for them, but they didn't want".
所以看到王叶嘀咕着这个给木木、这个给小云时，两人只要觉得那东西不适用，就会让王叶放下不要拿。看到有真适用的，也会告诉王叶。
So when they saw Wang Ye muttering about this for Mu Mu and this for Xiao Yun, as long as the two of them felt that the thing was not applicable, they would ask Wang Ye to put it down and not take it. If you see something that is really applicable, you will also tell Wang Ye.
王叶这才高兴，他赚钱不就是想给木木他们花花花的嘛~
有些矿石可以大量购买，只要拿好样品，再跟接待员说明分量就可以，买的多还可以打折。
Some ores can be purchased in large quantities, as long as you take a good sample and explain the amount to the receptionist, you can buy more and you can get a discount.
疯药王也在指点王叶，有些药材，王叶在书本上见过，但实物没有。
The mad medicine king is also pointing out Wang Ye, some medicinal materials, Wang Ye has seen them in books, but there are no real ones.
青色蜘蛛也抱着自己的积分不能糟蹋的想法，同样指点王叶哪些是真好东西，哪些就是样子货。
The cyan spider also held the idea that his points could not be wasted, and also pointed out to Wang Ye which things are really good and which ones are good goods.
这个叠加了空间魔法的二楼所摆放的货物让王叶大开眼界，加上还有两位大佬指点，就是不买东西，他来这一趟也赚了。
The goods placed on the second floor of this superimposed space magic opened Wang Ye's eyes, and there were two big guys to point out, even if he didn't buy anything, he also made money on this trip.
王叶干脆把这里当做标本室，一个个仔细看过去，有的还上手摸一摸，摸到就是赚到。
Wang Ye simply regarded this place as a specimen room, looked at it carefully one by one, and some even touched it, and when they touched it, they earned it.
二楼店员的态度特别好，完全没有狗眼看人低的情况发生，除了个别毒性比较大或者比较特殊的材料，其他材料都随便王叶摸。
The attitude of the clerk on the second floor is very good, and there is no situation where the dog looks at people at all, except for a few materials that are more toxic or special, and other materials are touched casually.
王叶有什么问题询问店员，店员能回答的也都会回答。 Wang Ye asked the clerk if he had any questions, and the clerk would answer whatever he could.
王叶猜测店员的态度应该跟他拿出的积分卡有关。 Wang Ye guessed that the clerk's attitude should be related to the point card he took out.
特别热情的店员：啊啊啊，真是多少年都没遇到这样买买买的大客户了，拿拿拿，多拿点，你就是我的神！
Particularly enthusiastic clerk: Ahhhh
一百多万积分看着多，但真买起来，转眼就能花光。 More than one million points looks like a lot, but if you really buy it, you can spend it in a blink of an eye.
王叶虽然看这个也想要，看那个也想要，但还是尽量算计着只买最需要的。
Although Wang Ye also wants to see this and that, he still tries to calculate and only buy what he needs most.
青色蜘蛛在虫巢里道：“跟店员说，你想去盲货区。” The cyan spider said in the hive, "Tell the clerk that you want to go to the blind goods area." ”
“盲货区？”王叶刚要问这个词是什么意思。 "Blind cargo area?" Wang Yegang was about to ask what this word meant.
店员听到了，一个滑步上前，热情地道：“客人，您想去盲货区吗？请跟我来。”
When the clerk heard this, he stepped forward and said enthusiastically: "Guest, do you want to go to the blind goods area?" Please follow me. ”
第181章 盲石、干架 Chapter 181: Blind Stones, Dry Frames
盲货区在三楼。 The blind cargo area is on the third floor.
一般来说，楼层越高，卖的东西就会越好越贵。但圣东郡药剂店却跟别人反着来，她家商铺最高层从来都是盲货区。
Generally speaking, the higher the floor, the better and more expensive the things will sell. But the St. East County Pharmacy is the opposite, and the top floor of her shop has always been a blind goods section.
何谓盲货？ What is blind goods?
首先所有盲货都没有标签，没有名字、更没有详细介绍。
First of all, all blind goods have no labels, no names, and no detailed descriptions.
其次部分盲货直接装在箱子里，类同地球的福袋，一口价，你把箱子拎走，但箱子里面有什么就全看你运气。
Secondly, some of the blind goods are directly packed in the box, similar to the earth's lucky bag, a fixed price, you take the box away, but what is in the box depends on your luck.
还有一部分类属原石，没有切开，你就不知道里面到底有什么。
There are also some kinds of rough stones, and if you don't cut it, you don't know what's inside.
不过双月星的原石可不止是玉石原石，里面真的是五花八门什么都有，还有人从原石中切出过树人和精灵蛋等已经不能用天材地宝来形容的宝贝！
However, the original stone of the Double Moon Star is not only the jade rough stone, there are really all kinds of things in it, and there are people who have cut out the treasures such as tree people and elf eggs from the original stone, which can no longer be described as heavenly treasures!
为何原石中会有那么多种类的东西，还有生物？ Why are there so many kinds of things and creatures in the rough?
双月星的超凡者们做出过各种推测，其中认可度最广的一个说法是：
The transcendents of the Twin Moons have made various speculations, the most widely recognized of which is:
远古时期曾经发生过一次全世界范围的极大灾难，那场灾难很可能是在一瞬间发生，从天上降落或者是从大地中喷涌出一种特殊物质，很多生物和非生物就在瞬间被包裹到这种特殊物质中。
In ancient times, there was a great catastrophe on a global scale, and that catastrophe probably occurred in an instant, descending from the sky or spewing out of the earth a special substance, and many living and non-living things were wrapped in this special substance in an instant.
而那特殊物质经过时间演变就变成了一种能隔绝任何探测技术的石壳。
The particular substance evolved over time into a crust that could be insulated from any detection technology.
这种无法用魔法和任何技能探测的原石也被称为盲石。
在双月星人发现盲石这种东西后，自然而然就兴起了赌盲石的活动。
After the Twin Moon Star people discovered such a thing as a blind stone, the activity of gambling on the blind stone naturally arose.
盲石在双月星世界各地都有，分布非常广。天幸这种石头有着一个很特殊的特性，一般人看到盲石都不会错过。不过因为盲石打开不易，而且里面含有的物品价值也不等，所以找到盲石的人，极少会自己剖开，一般都是拿到材料店或专门的盲石店卖掉。
Blind stones are found all over the world and are very widely distributed. Fortunately, this kind of stone has a very special characteristic, and most people will not miss it when they see the blind stone. However, because the blind stone is not easy to open, and the value of the items contained in it is not the same, so the person who finds the blind stone will rarely open it by himself, and generally take it to the material store or a special blind stone store to sell.
商铺的盲货区就起源于赌盲石这一活动。 The blind goods area of the shop originated from the activity of gambling on blind stones.
“这里分三个区域，左边的都是没有分品级的散货，按件卖，一件五个积分。中间的是成箱卖，箱子不能打开，也不能伸手进去摸，一箱一百积分。右边的是盲石，不按大小和重量，统统一颗一千积分。”
"There are three areas here, and the ones on the left are all bulk goods without grades, sold by piece, five points per piece. The middle is sold in boxes, and the boxes can't be opened, nor can you reach in and touch them, and a box is 100 points. The one on the right is the blind stone, which is not based on size and weight, but all of them are 1,000 points. ”
三楼另有接待人员，跟在王叶身后为其解说。 There was another reception staff on the third floor, who followed Wang Ye to explain to him.
可能是怕客人看不清楚，三楼的光源和二楼一样好，整个楼层几乎没有阴影死角，确保客人能把每件货物都看得清清楚楚。
Probably afraid that the guests can't see clearly, the light source on the third floor is as good as the second floor, and there are almost no shadows and dead corners on the entire floor, ensuring that guests can see every item of goods clearly.
王叶上辈子也买过盲石，很可惜，他的鉴定术对盲石没有用。
Wang Ye had also bought blind stones in his previous life, but unfortunately, his identification technique was useless for blind stones.
所以他就先去了左边的散货区，这边的货物全看购买者的个人眼力，就跟在地摊挑货一样。
So he went to the bulk cargo area on the left first, and the goods here all depend on the personal eye of the buyer, just like picking up goods at the stall.
王叶一眼就看到了放在箩筐中的药植“婆娑草”。 Wang Ye saw at a glance the medicinal plant "Po Sa Grass" placed in the basket.
这可是婆娑草啊，长成后以姿态优美闻名，初期作为观赏植物大受贵族欢迎，后来有药师无意中发现这种魔植只要加入任何一种腐蚀类药剂中，就可以让腐蚀能力翻倍增加。但如果只是单株的婆娑草，它的汁液腐蚀性却低到可以忽略不计的程度。
This is a spoa grass, after growing up to be known for its beautiful posture, it was very popular with the nobility as an ornamental plant in the early days, and later a medicine master accidentally discovered that this magic plant can double its corrosive ability as long as it is added to any kind of corrosive potion. But if it's just a single plant, its sap is negligibly corrosive.
王叶之前就在二楼寻找能腐蚀石头人的相关药材。 Wang Ye had been on the second floor looking for relevant medicinal materials that could corrode the stone man.
他从靳元辉那里学到了一种六级的药剂配方，专门用来软化坚硬的石料和硬金属。而这种药剂只要加入婆娑草，就能从软化药液转变成酥化药液。
He learned from Jin Yuanhui a sixth-level potion recipe that was specially designed to soften hard stone and hard metal. And as long as this medicine is added to the herb, it can be transformed from a softening liquid to a crisping solution.
该药液酥化能力极强，相当于直接从六级配方跳跃到八级，方法还简单无比，只要在六级的软化药剂成品中加入婆娑草的汁液就可以。
The liquid has a very strong crisping ability, which is equivalent to jumping directly from the sixth-level formula to the eighth-level, and the method is extremely simple, as long as the juice of the grass is added to the finished product of the sixth-level softening potion.
靳元辉的魔法塔就有相关成品药剂和药材，可在他得到魔法塔后，那些成品药剂和药材全都消失了。
Jin Yuanhui's magic tower had related finished potions and medicinal materials, but after he got the magic tower, those finished potions and medicinal materials all disappeared.
问原因？ Q: Why?
当然是时间太长，实物早就用完了。 Of course, it is too long, and the physical objects have long been used up.
王叶看到的那些药材和成品都是能量具现物，是给历练者使用的，他想不付出任何代价的带走，当然不可能。
The medicinal materials and finished products that Wang Ye saw were all energy manifests, which were for practitioners to use, and he wanted to take them away without paying any price, of course it was impossible.
所以王叶只能出来买药材。 So Wang Ye could only come out to buy medicinal herbs.
原本王叶在二楼挑好了六级软化药剂的药材，还想着要不要在游戏商城里买一株婆娑草，把软化药剂进阶成八级酥化药剂。
Originally, Wang Ye had picked out the medicinal materials for the sixth-level softening potion on the second floor, and he was thinking about whether to buy a plant of Po Sa grass in the game store to upgrade the softening elixir to the eighth-level crisping potion.
只是他还没有做好决定，实在是这种药草不便宜！ It's just that he hasn't made a decision yet, and this herb is really not cheap!
游戏商城里婆娑草卖到一株一枚三级魔晶，在陨星城的药剂店卖得更贵，品相好的能卖到一株两枚三级魔晶。而学校里根本就没有卖，属于稀少货源。
In the game mall, you can sell one third-level magic crystal for one plant, and it is more expensive in the pharmacy of Meteor City, and you can sell two third-level magic crystals for one plant if you are in good condition. And there is no sale in the school at all, which is a scarce source.
谁想到他竟然能在三楼看到一箩筐的婆娑草，还只要五个积分就能买到一株。
Who would have thought that he would be able to see a basket of grass on the third floor, and he could buy one for only five points.
一积分在知识之城相当于一个一级标准魔晶，只是没人会这么交易。知识之城没有毁灭之前，可能还会有人用魔晶高价交易积分，但现在，你就是花一百个一级魔晶也买不来一个知识之城的积分。
One point is equivalent to a first-level standard magic crystal in the City of Knowledge, but no one would trade it like this. Before the City of Knowledge was destroyed, there might still be people who traded points with magic crystals at a high price, but now, you can't buy points for a city of knowledge even if you spend a hundred first-level magic crystals.
就是这些婆娑草都处在幼生期，看起来丑丑的，一点没有成年期的优美姿态。
It's just that these weeds are in their infancy, they look ugly, and they don't have the graceful posture of adulthood at all.
但没关系，他有树人小云可以帮他培育药草。而且他还可以使用【种瓜得瓜，种豆得豆】技能，加速婆娑草的生长。
But it doesn't matter, he has the tree man Xiaoyun who can help him cultivate medicinal herbs. And he can also use the [Plant Melons to Get Melons, Plant Beans to Get Beans] skill to accelerate the growth of the Po Sa grass.
买了！这一框婆娑草都买了！ Bought! This box of grass has been bought!
除了婆娑草，王叶还发现了一些过去很不值钱，但现在死贵的材料。
In addition to the grass, Wang Ye also found some materials that were very worthless in the past, but are now expensive.
比如紫金矿石。 For example, purple gold ore.
金宝儿看到紫金矿石，王叶还没先认出来，他就先激动地大叫起来，让王叶一定要买下来。
When Jin Bao'er saw the purple gold ore, before Wang Ye could recognize it, he shouted excitedly first, asking Wang Ye to buy it.
王叶看着那堆跟粪球一样的石料，很嫌弃地施展了鉴定术。
Wang Ye looked at the pile of stones like dung balls, and performed the identification technique with disgust.
当鉴定术告诉他，那些矿石都是紫金后，王叶所有嫌弃都不见了。
When the appraisal technique told him that those ores were purple gold, all of Wang Ye's dislikes were gone.
他恨不得把这些粪球状紫金矿石都抱在怀里！ He couldn't wait to hold all these dung ball-shaped purple gold ores in his arms!
这些矿石虽然叫紫金，但和地球的紫金并不是同一种金属，双月星的紫金是非常珍贵的魔法金属，延展性非常好。
Although these ores are called purple gold, they are not the same metal as the purple gold of the earth, and the purple gold of the double moon star is a very precious magic metal with very good malleability.
它跟金属矿一发现就是一大片还不一样，全都是这种粪球状，一个个的紧紧堆积在矿脉中。
It is not the same as the metal ore that was found to be a large patch, all of them were in the shape of this dung ball, tightly piled up in the veins one by one.
紫金不但能用来炼金，还能用来炼制药物、制作卷轴墨水，绘画、魔法阵，甚至魔食都能用到它。
Purple gold can be used not only for alchemy, but also for refining medicines, making scroll ink, painting, magic arrays, and even magic food.
就因为紫金在魔法界用途太广，使用量太大，结果就造成原本就不怎么富足的紫金矿已经越来越少，紫金的价格也越来越贵。
Just because purple gold is too widely used in the magic world and is used in too large quantities, as a result, the purple gold mine, which is not very rich, has become less and less, and the price of purple gold is becoming more and more expensive.
王叶看到这堆加起来至少有两三百的紫金原石，笑得牙花子都露出来了。
Wang Ye saw this pile of purple gold rough stones that added up to at least two or three hundred, and he smiled so much that his teeth were exposed.
买！全买！ Buy! Buy it all!
看看，这就是有积分的好处。在这座城，你有再高级的魔晶都没用，人家店铺只认积分。
See, that's the benefit of having points. In this city, no matter how high-level the magic crystal is, it is useless, and other people's stores only recognize points.
也怪不得外面的人都想要积分，更怪不得兰道教授拿出一万积分是那么心疼……别问他怎么看出来的。
It's no wonder that people outside want points, and it's no wonder that Professor Landau is so distressed when he takes out 10,000 points...... Don't ask him how he sees it.
有了这两个发现，王叶简直深陷散货区不可自拔。 With these two discoveries, Wang Ye was simply trapped in the bulk cargo area and couldn't extricate himself.
他利用鉴定术，又拉开游戏商城对比价格，挑挑拣拣，买了不少散货。
He used appraisal techniques to open the game mall to compare prices, pick and choose, and bought a lot of bulk goods.
店员看王叶一个劲买散货，忍不住推荐道：“您不试试买盲箱和盲石吗？如果运气好，可是一本万利哦。”
The clerk saw that Wang Ye was trying to buy bulk goods, and couldn't help but recommend: "Don't you try to buy blind boxes and blind stones?" If you're lucky, it's a great profit. ”
王叶有那么一点心动，但散货区的货物，他能肯定自己买了不会吃亏。可盲箱和盲石，这两种东西赌性太大了。
Wang Ye was a little moved, but he was sure that he would not suffer a loss if he bought the goods in the bulk cargo area. But blind boxes and blind stones, these two things are too gambling.
他的积分也没剩多少了，他总得留点底以防万一。 He didn't have many points left, so he had to save some just in case.
不过，看看还是能看看的。 Still, you can see it.
王叶就当给自己增长见识。 Wang Ye should give himself more knowledge.
王叶先把选好的散货和店员结账，他刚才在二楼买的也已经结过账。
Wang Ye first settled the selected bulk goods with the clerk, and the one he bought on the second floor just now had already been settled.
店员看面前的大堆货物消失，没半点惊讶，能进来这个秘境的人谁没有一两个储物工具？
The clerk was not a little surprised to see the large pile of goods disappearing in front of him, who can enter this secret realm without one or two storage tools?
盲箱没什么好看的，王叶试着摸过箱子，也施展了鉴定术。
There is nothing to see in the blind box, Wang Ye tried to touch the box, and also performed the identification technique.
鉴定术倒是跟他详细介绍了箱子的材质价值等等，也提到箱子里有东西，但箱子里到底有什么东西，鉴定术就没反应了。
The appraisal technique told him in detail about the material value of the box and so on, and also mentioned that there were things in the box, but what was in the box, the appraisal technique did not react.
这就跟他上辈子摸盲石一样，鉴定术会告诉他这是盲石，但盲石里有什么，鉴定术一样鉴定不出来。
This is the same as touching the blind stone in his previous life, the identification technique will tell him that it is a blind stone, but what is in the blind stone, the identification technique cannot identify it.
总之，鉴定术必须直接接触实物，隔层就不行。 In short, identification must be in direct contact with the physical object, not the compartment.
“没有便宜的盲石吗？”王叶问。一千积分一个，真的太贵了。有一千积分，他还不如去散货区再挑一些材料。
"Aren't there any cheap blind stones?" Wang Ye asked. One thousand points, it's really too expensive. With a thousand points, he might as well go to the bulk area and pick up some more materials.
店员露出为难的神色：“有是有，不过我想客人可能会看不上，都是非常小颗的。”
The clerk looked embarrassed: "Yes, yes, but I think customers may not like it, they are all very small." ”
小颗盲石很难出珍品，自然卖不上价格。 It is difficult to produce a small blind stone, so it naturally cannot be sold at a price.
“多少积分一颗？” "How many points?"
“只要十个积分。” "Just ten points."
“哦？”十个积分倒是可以买几个给家里的小崽子们玩玩。
"Oh?" Ten points can buy a few for the little cubs at home to play with.
店员看王叶年龄这么小，想着可能小孩不敢乱花积分，就很干脆地带他去了小颗盲石区。
The clerk saw that Wang Ye was so young, thinking that maybe the child would not dare to spend his points, so he simply took him to the small blind stone area.
这里的盲石便宜，买几个玩玩，就算什么都开不出来也没什么。
The blind stones here are cheap, buy a few to play with, even if you can't open anything, it's nothing.
王叶就看到一箩筐一箩筐的盲石。 Wang Ye saw baskets of blind stones.
这些盲石都非常小，平均只有鹅蛋那么大，最小的可能只有鸡蛋大。
These blind stones are very small, on average the size of a goose egg, and the smallest may be the size of an egg.
“这些都是没开过的盲石吧？”王叶挑眉。 "These are blind stones that haven't been opened, right?" Wang Ye raised his eyebrows.
店员有点生气，更十分骄傲地道：“当然！我们可是圣东郡。我们店绝不会把开过的盲石石壳当做完整的盲石来卖，客人这点请放心。而且盲石一旦破开，它的隔绝能力也会随之消失，再加工的盲石壳除非用一些非常手段，否则只要您用精神力探查，就会发现真伪。”
The clerk was a little angry, but said even more proudly: "Of course! We're St. Tung County. Our store will never sell the blind stone shell as a complete blind stone, so please rest assured. And once the blind stone is broken, its isolation ability will also disappear, and unless some extraordinary means are used to reprocess the blind stone shell, as long as you use mental power to probe, you will find the authenticity. ”
王叶点点头，随手拿起一颗鹅蛋大的盲石。 Wang Ye nodded, and casually picked up a blind stone the size of a goose egg.
嗯？ Well?
王叶眨眨眼。 Wang Ye blinked.
他怎么感觉…… How does he feel......
小光忽然在虫巢中冲他咿咿叫，表示它和它的虫群都非常想吃这些盲石。
Xiaoguang suddenly babled at him in the hive, indicating that he and his swarm were eager to eat the blind stones.
为了加重表示它们对盲石的渴望，小光用了五个非常。 To accentuate their desire for blind stones, Xiaoguang used five very.
王叶没有对盲石使用鉴定术，因为他发现他的精神力竟然很顺利地就探入盲石中了。
Wang Ye didn't use the identification technique on the blind stone, because he found that his spiritual power actually probed into the blind stone very smoothly.
明明盲石根本无法探测，再强的精神力都没用。 Obviously, the blind stone can't be detected at all, and no matter how strong the spiritual power is, it's useless.
他上辈子的精神力也没能探入到盲石中。 The spiritual power of his previous life was not able to penetrate the blind stone.
可为什么现在可以了？ But why now?
王叶感受着小光对盲石的急切渴望，再细细感知手中盲石。
Wang Ye felt Xiaoguang's eagerness for the blind stone, and then carefully felt the blind stone in his hand.
他似乎有点明白了。 He seemed to understand a little.
他也在渴望这些盲石，正确说，是虫巢在渴望这些盲石。
He is also longing for these blind stones, to be precise, it is the hive that is longing for these blind stones.
他的精神力之所以能探入盲石之中，只因为盲石对他（虫巢）没有阻挡力。
The reason why his spiritual power can penetrate into the blind stone is only because the blind stone has no blocking power for him (the hive).
王叶的精神力清清楚楚看到“鹅蛋”中藏着一只状态很新鲜的小虫子。
Wang Ye's mental power was clear, and he saw that there was a small insect in a very fresh state hidden in the "goose egg".
虫子的形态和现在的虫子有那么一点不同，大约是远古种。
The morphology of the bugs is a little different from the current bugs, and it is about an ancient species.
王叶心想把这只虫子送给虫老，虫老一定很高兴。 Wang Ye wanted to give this insect to the insect elder, and the insect elder must be very happy.
王叶把这颗盲石放到购物篮里，又拿起第二颗盲石。 Wang Ye put the blind stone in the shopping basket and picked up the second blind stone.
很好，他肯定了。 Good, he was sure.
他的精神力确实可以把盲石里面“看”个清清楚楚。 His spiritual power can indeed "see" the inside of the blind stone clearly.
“我先买这两颗。”王叶当面和店员结账，把两颗盲石收进了虫巢。
"I'll buy these two first." Wang Ye settled the bill with the clerk in person and put the two blind stones into the worm nest.
小光当即飞过来，扑在盲石上就开啃。一群浮游光虫围着盲石转，但没有敢落下抢食的。
Xiaoguang immediately flew over, pounced on the blind stone and gnawed. A group of planktonic light bugs circled around the blind rock, but none dared to fall to grab food.
还有一颗盲石被虫巢吞掉了。 There was also a blind stone that was swallowed by the hive.
虫巢吞盲石特别方便，石壳吃掉，里面的东西直接丢入储藏间。
It is particularly convenient for the insect nest to swallow the blind stone, the stone shell is eaten, and the contents are thrown directly into the storage room.
一颗盲石壳还是太少了，但王叶还是感知到虫巢似乎有细微的改变，这是一种本质的提升。
A blind stone shell is still too little, but Wang Ye still senses that the hive seems to have changed slightly, which is an essential improvement.
天！王叶有点头晕。 Sky! Wang Ye was a little dizzy.
不是精神力使用过度，而是他觉得有种便宜占大了，他就要倒霉的预感。
It's not that his mental power is overused, but he feels that he has a premonition that he will be unlucky if he takes advantage of it.
祸福相依啊。 Blessings and misfortunes depend on each other.
就他这种运气，天大的福气后面绝不会再跟一个好事，坏事倒是很有可能。
With his kind of luck, the great blessing will never be followed by a good thing, and a bad thing is very likely.
既然已经确定这场非凡的福气过后必然会有一场大难……那还等什么？
Now that it has been established that this extraordinary blessing will be followed by a great calamity...... So what are you waiting for?
当然是把这些盲石都给买下来啊！ Of course, I bought all these blind stones!
呃，稍等，可能买不起。他积分就剩下三万不到了。 Uh, wait a minute, probably can't afford it. He didn't have 30,000 points left.
“你们有盲石壳吗？卖吗？”王叶一脸灿烂笑容地看向店员。
"Do you have blind stone shells? Is it sold? Wang Ye looked at the clerk with a bright smile on his face.
店员原本以为王叶买两颗小盲石就不会再买了，谁想到峰回路转，这位小客人竟然还有消费欲望，那当然要打起精神继续接待啊！就算盲石壳不值钱，但蚊子腿也是肉嘛。
The clerk originally thought that Wang Ye would not buy two small blind stones again, but who would have thought that the peak would turn around, and this little guest would still have the desire to consume, so of course he had to cheer up and continue to receive it! Even if the blind stone shell is not valuable, the mosquito leg is also meat.
“有的。您想买盲石壳吗？是做研究用吗？那么我必须提醒您，很多人都喜欢买盲石壳研究，认为盲石壳既然能隔绝各种探测，那么它本身就是一种非常珍贵的魔法材料。实际上……”
"Yes. Do you want to buy a blind stone shell? Is it for research purposes? Then I must remind you that many people like to buy blind stone shell research, thinking that since blind stone shell can isolate all kinds of detection, then it is a very precious magical material in itself. Actually......"
王叶点头：“这点我知道，你刚才也说过了。盲石一旦破开就没有隔绝效果，再加工也没用。”
Wang Ye nodded: "I know this, you also said it just now." Once the blind stone is broken, there is no isolation effect, and it is useless to reprocess. ”
店员：“既然您清楚这点，请这边来。” Clerk: "Since you know this, please come here." ”
“稍等，你先说下价格，太贵我就不买了。我就是想折腾玩玩。”王叶孩子气地道。
"Wait a minute, you tell me the price first, I won't buy it if it's too expensive. I just want to toss and play. Wang Ye said childishly.
店员理解地笑：“盲石壳破开就没什么用处，只能当垃圾处理，不过仍旧有些不死心的人想要研究它，所以我们一般会隔断时间就把盲石壳打包卖给相关的研究者。一千斤石壳，十个积分。不零散卖。”
The clerk smiled understandingly: "The blind stone shell is useless when it is broken, and it can only be disposed of as garbage, but there are still some people who do not give up and want to study it, so we usually pack the blind stone shell and sell it to relevant researchers at intervals." One thousand pounds of stone shells, ten points. Not sold in bulk. ”
王叶颤抖。盲石壳对别人没有用，但对他有大用啊。 Wang Ye trembled. The blind stone shell is of no use to others, but it is of great use to him.
这玩意对虫巢有用，就是对他有用。这玩意能提升虫巢的品质，就相当于是提高了他的身体素质。
If this thing works for the hive, it works for him. This thing can improve the quality of the hive, which is equivalent to improving his physical fitness.
而且从小光的反应来看，盲石壳对小光它们的提升作用恐怕也会很强很强。
And judging from the reaction of the small light, the blind stone shell may also have a strong lifting effect on the small light.
十个积分一千斤…… Ten points and a thousand pounds......
王叶舔舔嘴唇，“你们有多少千斤？” Wang Ye licked his lips, "How many kilograms do you have?" ”
半小时后，店员把王叶送回大堂时，那热情和殷勤劲，就跟王叶是他失散多年的亲儿子一样。
Half an hour later, when the clerk sent Wang Ye back to the lobby, he was as enthusiastic and attentive as if Wang Ye was his long-lost son.
店员还送了王叶一张贵宾卡，据说下次来买东西可以打九八折……好吧，有折扣总比没有折扣好。
The clerk also gave Wang Ye a VIP card, which is said to be 98% off next time he comes to buy something...... Well, it's better to have a discount than no discount.
王叶也一路晕陶陶，他把这家店堆积多年的盲石壳都买了。
Wang Ye also fainted all the way, and he bought all the blind stone shells that had been piled up in this store for many years.
当初知识之城发生大战，谁还会买东西？ When there was a big war in the City of Knowledge, who would buy anything?
圣东郡药剂店可是堆积了大量盲石壳，当初本来是要一起卖给城里那些研究者，谁能想到大战就这么突然爆发了。
The Saint East County Pharmacy had piled up a large number of blind stone shells, which were originally going to be sold to those researchers in the city, but who would have thought that the war would break out so suddenly.
于是那些盲石壳就全都积累了下来。 So all those blind stone shells accumulated.
这么多年，其他材料和成品药剂，还有历练者陆陆续续地来买。可盲石壳，谁肯要？谁愿意辛辛苦苦好不容易进来一趟搏命之城，结果就买一堆没用的废料回去？白送，人都嫌占地方。
Over the years, other materials and finished medicines, as well as experienced practitioners, have come to buy one after another. But the blind stone shell, who wants it? Who wants to work hard to get into the city of life, only to buy a bunch of useless scraps and go back? Give it away for nothing, and people will take up space.
三楼那位店员请示了上级，几乎是半卖半送，把店铺堆积的盲石壳都卖给了王叶。
The clerk on the third floor consulted his superiors, and almost half sold and half gave away, and sold all the blind stone shells piled up in the store to Wang Ye.
店家高兴：终于把那些没用还占地方的大型垃圾给清出去了！
The store is happy: finally the large garbage that is useless and occupies the space has been removed!
王叶更高兴：呜呜，好便宜，我买了山一样多的盲石壳，却只花了一千积分。
Wang Ye was even happier: Woo, it's so cheap, I bought as many blind stone shells as a mountain, but it only cost a thousand points.
一千积分换一具金刚不坏的身体，划算吗？
还能有比这更划算的买卖吗？ What could be a better deal?
最最起码，以后他的虫巢空间就再也没有谁能探测得到！
At the very least, no one will be able to detect his hive space in the future!
哇哈哈哈哈哈！王叶都要笑疯了。 Wha! Wang Ye was going crazy with laughter.
偏偏他还得硬忍着。 But he still had to endure it.
甚至疯药王和雷木都不解他为什么买这么多盲石壳，而不是买盲石赌里面的物品。
Even the Mad Medicine King and Lei Mu couldn't understand why he bought so many blind stone shells instead of buying the items inside the blind stone gamble.
王叶可不会瞒着雷木，但现在不是说悄悄话的时机。 Wang Ye wouldn't hide it from Lei Mu, but now was not the time to whisper.
汉斯看到王叶从二楼下来，再看店员那个态度，立马就朝王叶走去。
Hans saw Wang Ye coming down from the second floor, and then looked at the attitude of the clerk, and immediately walked towards Wang Ye.
除了汉斯，原本把王叶当小孩看的熊杰，还有其他几个真人历练者，也都有和王叶结交的意思。
In addition to Hans, Xiong Jie, who originally regarded Wang Ye as a child, and several other real practitioners, all of whom also had the intention of befriending Wang Ye.
一个小小年纪就能让学校为他花珍贵积分进来的孩子，天才的可能性达到九成。还有一成则不排除王叶是出积分者的亲儿子的可能性。
A child who can get the school to spend precious points for him at a young age has a ninety percent chance of being a genius. There is also a chance that Wang Ye is the son of the scorer.
更何况这小子除了进来的积分，他家大人竟然还给他准备了可以购物的积分，且从店员的态度看，这数额肯定不少。
What's more, in addition to the points that this kid came in, his family even prepared points for him to shop, and judging from the attitude of the clerk, this amount must be a lot.
能出得起那么多积分的大佬，这后台……自己品品！ The big guy who can afford so many points, this backstage ...... Taste it yourself!
王叶什么出身？他就是混出来的，一看那些历练者的神情，就知道他们围过来的意思。
What is Wang Ye's origin? He was just mixed up, and when he looked at the expressions of those experienced people, he knew what they meant by coming around.
结交值得结交的人，拓展值得拓展的人脉，这种事他上辈子也没少干过，对此驾轻就熟。
Making friends with people who are worth making friends with and expanding contacts that are worth expanding, this kind of thing he has never done less in his previous life, and he is familiar with it.
只要王叶想，他可以很轻松地和人打成一片。 As long as Wang Ye wants to, he can easily mingle with people.
大堂里的历练者不多，有些想要圣东郡药剂店的奖励，就去做题了。
There weren't many experienced practitioners in the lobby, and some wanted rewards from the St. East County Apothecary, so they went to do the question.
王叶和这些人来往一番后，借口自己还要做任务，不等他们询问他都买了什么，就跑了。滑溜得一塌糊涂。
After Wang Ye had some dealings with these people, he used the excuse that he still had to do a task, and ran away without waiting for them to ask him what he had bought. It's slippery.
而不管那些人抱着什么打算，想要结交也好，想要打劫也好，都没能逮住他。
And no matter what those people had, whether they wanted to make friends or rob, they couldn't catch him.
之后有人特意在城中寻找王叶踪迹，也没能找到。 After that, some people deliberately looked for Wang Ye's traces in the city, but they couldn't find it.
王叶拿着邀请函离开圣东郡药剂店就回到了瞎眼老妇人家中。
Wang Ye took the invitation and left the pharmacy in Shengdong County and returned to the blind old woman's house.
现在是夜晚，街道全部消失，到处都是坟包。 It's night, the streets are all gone, and graves are everywhere.
老妇人的怨灵飘过来。 The old woman's ghost floated over.
“我是来送药剂的，可以腐蚀石头人的药剂。”王叶当着老妇人和一圈怨灵的面，拿出材料和炼制工具，开始炼制药剂。
"I'm here to deliver a potion, a potion that can corrupt the stone people." In front of the old woman and a circle of resentful spirits, Wang Ye took out the materials and refining tools and began to refine the potion.
在王叶炼制药剂的时候，雷木被他假模假样的召唤出来，就站在他身边守护。
When Wang Ye was refining the potion, Lei Mu was summoned by him in a fake way, and he stood by his side to guard.
小光没能出来，它和浮游光虫群啃了一些盲石壳后就进入蜕变状态。
Xiaoguang didn't come out, and he and the swarm of planktonic insects gnawed on some blind stone shells before entering a state of metamorphosis.
巡逻者过来了。 The patrolmen are coming.
除了巡逻者，竟然还有十来只祸心蝙蝠。 In addition to the patrolmen, there were more than a dozen evil bats.
祸心蝙蝠比魔心蝙蝠更可怕，最低都达到了五级，最高的八级。
The Evil Heart Bat is more terrifying than the Demon Heart Bat, with the lowest level five and the highest level eight.
雷木暗想，小叶子所料没错，虽然靳元辉还没暴露，但他们去了垃圾山一趟出来，那位城主就对他们下狠手了。
Lei Mu secretly thought, what Xiao Yezi expected was right, although Jin Yuanhui had not been exposed, but as soon as they went to the garbage mountain and came out, the city lord would be ruthless to them.
雷木刚要动手，却发现周围的怨灵动了。 Lei Mu was about to make a move, but he found that the resentment around him was moving.
怨灵背对雷木和王叶，围住了两人，面朝外。 The resentful spirit turned its back to Lei Mu and Wang Ye, surrounded the two of them, facing outward.
瞎眼老妇人对巡逻者发出尖叫：“他还在做题，你们不能攻击他！”
The blind old woman screamed at the patrolman, "He's still doing something, you can't attack him!" ”
“该历练者违反规则，在答题过程中多次使用次空间进行躲避。他必须死！次空间必须剥夺！”巡逻者也发出怒吼。
"The practitioner violated the rules by using subspace several times to dodge during the answering process. He must die! Subspace must be taken away! The patrolman roared as well.
“他完成了前置任务，正在进行最后的任务，按照规则，你们不能攻击他！”老妇人也寸步不让。
"He has completed the pre-task, and is working on the final mission, according to the rules, you can't attack him!" The old woman didn't budge.
王叶很想让青色蜘蛛出去干掉这些麻烦，但就怕他刚让靳蜘蛛出面，九级难题就能冒出来等着他。
Wang Ye really wanted to let the cyan spider go out to get rid of these troubles, but he was afraid that as soon as he let the Jin spider come forward, the ninth-level problem would emerge and wait for him.
趁着怨灵们阻挡巡逻者的机会，王叶稳稳地把药剂炼制了出来。
Taking advantage of the opportunity of the resentful spirits blocking the patrols, Wang Ye steadily refined the potion.
他先把六级的软化药剂炼制出，再小心加入催生后的婆娑草的汁液。
He first refined the sixth-level softening potion, and then carefully added the sap of the spawning grass.
软化药剂成功跃级成为八级的酥化药剂。 The softening potion was successfully upgraded to an eighth-level puffing potion.
“婆婆，这个药剂应该可以对付石头人，这里一共有十支。我都放在这里了。”王叶把药剂放到地上。
"Mother-in-law, this potion should be able to deal with the stone people, there are ten of them here. I've got it all here. Wang Ye put the potion on the ground.
一阵风过，地上的药剂消失。 A gust of wind passed, and the potion on the ground disappeared.
所有怨灵也消失了。 All the spirits are gone.
王叶：喂喂，我还以为你们看在我炼制出药剂的份上，会给我更多保护。这就走了？不给幼崽多一点保护吗？人性呢？
Wang Ye: Hey, I thought you would give me more protection for the sake of refining the potion. That's it? Don't give the cubs a little more protection? What about human nature?
雷木：“叶子，别发呆了！攻击！” Lei Mu: "Yezi, don't be in a daze! Attack! ”
心里哇凉哇凉的王叶立马拿出二胡，开始群杀！ Wang Ye, who was cool and cool in his heart, immediately took out the erhu and started to kill in groups!
一群瘪犊子，当他还是之前那个三十级都不到的小弱渣吗？
A group of deflated calves, when he is still the little weak scum who was not even level 30 before?
他现在可是五级！干不死你们！ He's level 5 now! I can't kill you!
新解锁技能【象齿焚身】，火焰攻击，群攻技能，全都给我自燃吧！
Newly unlocked skills [Ivory Incineration], Fire Attack, Group Attack Skill, all give me spontaneous combustion!
轰！十来只蝙蝠全都从身体内部冒出了火焰。 Rumble! A dozen or so bats all burst into flames from within their bodies.
王叶一口吞下上千斤盲石壳，是虫巢吞下，也跟他吞下没区别了。转头就把祸心蝙蝠丢给了雷木，这些蝙蝠的祸心攻击对魔族的雷木根本没有用，雷木不鸟它们，来一只杀一只。
Wang Ye swallowed thousands of catties of blind stone shells in one gulp, it was a worm's nest to swallow, and it was no different from him swallowing. Turning his head, he threw the evil heart bats to Lei Mu, and the evil heart attacks of these bats are useless to the demon Lei Mu, Lei Mu doesn't bird them, come and kill one by one.
强行提升体质的王叶去纠缠那个巡逻者了。他要吞掉这个空间系的巡逻者！
Wang Ye, who forcibly improved his physique, went to pester that patrolman. He's going to devour this space patrolman!
五分钟后。 Five minutes later.
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，成功炼制出能对付石头人的酥化药剂，获得了特殊增益效果“知识之城土著怨灵们的感激”，面对幽灵类存在，自动增加50点好感值。该增益效果与“幽灵老海盗的感谢”累加，幽灵类存在对你的好感度从普通转为友好。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, Xiao Wang, who successfully refined a crisp potion that can deal with the stone people, and obtained the special buff effect "The Gratitude of the Indigenous Spirits of the City of Knowledge", which automatically increases the opinion by 50 points in the face of ghost existence.] This buff adds up to "Ghost Old Pirate's Thanks" and changes the Ghost Being's opinion of you from normal to friendly. 】
正把巡逻者往虫巢中死命拖拽的王叶：“……” Wang Ye, who was dragging the patrolman into the hive: "......"
这个奖励让他怎么说呢？行吧，总比没有奖励好。 What does this reward make him say? Well, it's better than no reward.
第182章 同学伯里、期满 Chapter 182: Classmate Bury, Expiration
一个巡逻者倒下，更多巡逻者出现。 One Ranger falls, and more Rangers appear.
王叶的预感变成了现实，大福之后大难来了。 Wang Ye's premonition became a reality, and the catastrophe came after the great fortune.
嗐，人生啊，就这么坑爹。 Hey, life, it's just such a cheat.
王叶怪叫一声：“木，扯呼！” Wang Ye monster shouted: "Wood,!" ”
两人撒腿就跑，在无数的坟墓中不停穿梭。 The two of them ran on their legs, shuttling through countless graves.
王叶还卑鄙地再次使用了【投桃报李】传送术，抓着雷木一起传送到了狄滨面前。
Wang Ye also despicably used the [Peach Reciprocation] teleportation technique again, grabbing Lei Mu and teleporting to Di Bin together.
“嗨，兄弟，我们又见面了。”王叶挥手。 "Hi bro, we're meeting again." Wang Ye waved his hand.
“……”狄滨表情扭曲，陡然亢奋大喊：“杀！” "......" Di Bin's expression was distorted, and he suddenly shouted excitedly: "Kill!" ”
不知道是不是预料到王叶会用这招，狄滨已经从圣东郡店铺里出来。他一声杀，那些之前追杀王叶的巡逻者鬼魅一般都冒了出来。
I don't know if I expected Wang Ye to use this trick, Di Bin has already come out of the store in Shengdong County. As soon as he killed, the ghosts of the patrolmen who had chased and killed Wang Ye before generally appeared.
王叶：“……” Wang Ye: "......"
雷木差点在这种紧张时刻笑场。 Raimu almost laughed at such a tense moment.
找过来的巡逻者和怪物越来越多，前面也出现了怪物的影子。
There are more and more patrols and monsters coming over, and the shadow of monsters has also appeared in front of them.
“停下！答题！不准躲入次空间！” "Stop! Answer! No hiding in subspace! ”
“答题！必须答题！” "Answer! Must answer! ”
怪异的喊声一阵又一阵。 Strange shouts came and went.
王叶先一步切断了虫巢和外面的联系，让巡逻者无法通过锁定虫巢空间，从而锁定他。
Wang Ye cut off the connection between the hive and the outside first, making it impossible for the patrolmen to lock him by locking the hive space.
他很想躲进虫巢，但巡逻者太多了，他和雷木被包围了。
He was tempted to hide in the hive, but there were too many patrolmen, and he and Raymu were surrounded.
如果他躲进虫巢，只能被动接受攻击。虫巢虽然已经吞噬了部分盲石壳，但想要完全隔绝外面的探查，还得升级后才行。
If he hides in a hive, he can only passively accept attacks. Although the hive has devoured some of the blind stone shells, it still needs to be upgraded if it wants to completely isolate the outside exploration.
但在搏命之城，王叶根本没有时间好好消化那些融入虫巢的能量，更不可能花几天乃至更长时间给虫巢升级。
But in the City of Fighting, Wang Ye didn't have time to properly digest the energy that was integrated into the hive, let alone spend a few days or even longer to upgrade the hive.
如此一来，他就算躲进虫巢也无法躲过巡逻者和怪物们的袭击，除非他操纵靳元辉的魔法塔攻击这些小怪。
In this way, even if he hid in the hive, he would not be able to escape the attacks of the patrols and monsters, unless he manipulated Jin Yuanhui's magic tower to attack these little monsters.
但那样做，就会暴露他已经得到靳元辉魔法塔的事。 But if he did that, it would expose that he had already obtained Jin Yuanhui's magic tower.
用膝盖想，那位城主大人也不可能让他带着一座十级至宝的实物魔法塔离开秘境，更何况还是靳元辉的魔法塔。
Thinking on his knees, it was impossible for that city lord to let him leave the secret realm with a tenth-level supreme treasure physical magic tower, let alone Jin Yuanhui's magic tower.
且，他现在的实力只有五级，魔法塔有十级，他操纵的话，发挥出的实力顶多在七级，不会超过八级。
Moreover, his current strength is only level five, and the magic tower has level ten, and if he manipulates it, the strength he exerts will be at level seven at most, and it will not exceed level eight.
就算让靳蜘蛛来操纵魔法塔，他们也不可能打得过城中无数怪物，还是死了还能不断复活的怪物们。
Even if Jin Spider was allowed to manipulate the magic tower, they would not be able to defeat the countless monsters in the city, or the monsters that could still be resurrected after they died.
这些怪物中可是有不少九级的，十级说不定也有，随便来一个就能把靳蜘蛛吃得死死。更别说后面还有一个实力很可能超过十级的大怪物城主等着他们。
There are many ninth-level monsters among these monsters, and maybe there are tenth-level ones, and any one of them can eat Jin Spider to death. Not to mention that there is a big monster city lord behind them whose strength is likely to exceed level ten.
如果把城主惹火，就凭那城主的无耻尿性，王叶十分怀疑对方有极高可能性会干出哪怕他历练时间已满，也不会放他离开的操蛋事。
If the city lord is provoked, just by virtue of the city lord's shameless urine, Wang Ye is very suspicious that the other party has a very high probability that he will not let him go even if his training time is full.
这种事又不违反规则，别人想多留几日还需要花积分，那作为“奖励”，让某个人长期留下，当然可以。
This kind of thing does not violate the rules, others want to stay for a few more days and need to spend points, that as a "reward", let someone stay for a long time, of course.
到时王叶为了保命，恐怕只能去找海王。 At that time, in order to save his life, Wang Ye may only have to go to the Sea King.
如果海王不愿意因为他，和城主对上，那他结局必然凄惨，失去虫巢都是小事，就怕他人都被那位城主直接融合掉。
If the Sea King is unwilling to confront the city lord because of him, then he will end miserably, and the loss of the hive is a trivial matter, for fear that others will be directly fused by the city lord.
如果海王愿意保他，那么新的大战就要在搏命之城展开。这同样是王叶不想见到的，海王明显还没做好和城主对抗的准备。
If the Sea King is willing to protect him, then a new great war will start in the City of Death. This is also something that Wang Ye doesn't want to see, and the Sea King is obviously not ready to confront the city lord.
不进虫巢，那就把靳蜘蛛叫出来对付这些小怪？ If you don't enter the worm nest, then call Jin Spider out to deal with these little monsters?
可这样做，毫无疑问会暴露出靳元辉已经和他勾搭在一起的事实。城主知道了，会饶过他？
But if you do this, there will undoubtedly be a fact that Jin Yuanhui has hooked up with him. If the city lord knows about it, will he spare him?
奇怪，他怎么感觉这句话怪怪的？ Strange, how did he feel that this sentence was weird?
一瞬间，王叶真的想了很多很多。 In an instant, Wang Ye really thought a lot.
结论，不管是使用魔法塔还是支使靳蜘蛛作战，都不行。
In conclusion, whether it is to use the magic tower or to support the Jin spider to fight, it will not work.
王叶暗骂一声。你说契约这么一个十级老怪有什么用？在最需要他和他的魔法塔的时候，却不得不把对方藏起来。郁闷！
Wang Ye scolded secretly. What's the use of a tenth-level old monster saying that you have a contract? When he and his magic tower were needed the most, they had to hide each other. Depressed!
当然靳元辉和城主伯里的关系，都是王叶的个人猜测。也许那位城主大人压根就不在乎靳元辉。
Of course, the relationship between Jin Yuanhui and the city lord Burry is Wang Ye's personal speculation. Maybe the city lord didn't care about Jin Yuanhui at all.
但王叶实在不想去赌这个微弱的可能性，除非他遇到了必死境况。
But Wang Ye really didn't want to bet on this faint possibility, unless he encountered a certain death situation.
目前嘛，王叶还没感到自己陷入绝境，他还是有办法对付这位城主大人的。
At present, Wang Ye has not felt that he is in a desperate situation, and he still has a way to deal with this city lord.
你不是讲规则吗？ Aren't you talking about the rules?
那我遵守规则就是。 Then I follow the rules.
王叶刚做好决定，正要和雷木说话。 Wang Ye had just made a decision and was about to talk to Lei Mu.
地面陡然裂开一个口子，直接就把王叶吞噬了进去。 The ground suddenly cracked a hole, and Wang Ye was directly swallowed up.
雷木想跟上都没来得及。 Remu didn't have time to keep up.
而雷木作为“被召唤来的”帮手，他可以不用答题，他和王叶算是一体。
And Lei Mu, as a "summoned" helper, he doesn't have to answer questions, he and Wang Ye are one.
但不远处突然跌跌撞撞跑来一个人影。 But not far away, a figure suddenly stumbled and ran.
对方边跑边冲着雷木喊：“救救我！我是魔种，我愿意把我的生命和灵魂奉献给你，只要你帮我救……”
The other party shouted at Lei Mu as he ran: "Help me!" I am a demon seed, and I am willing to dedicate my life and soul to you, as long as you help me save ......"
雷木都没听后面的话，直接闪身回了虫巢。
这明显是陷阱，如果他帮助这个人，就相当于选择了答题，一旦他选择答题，就相当于他承认了自己历练者的身份。
This is obviously a trap, if he helps this person, it is equivalent to choosing to answer the question, and once he chooses to answer the question, it is equivalent to acknowledging his identity as a practitioner.
而一旦雷木承认自己历练者的身份，他就必然会因为任务被迫和王叶分开——这座城的城主绝对会这么做。
And once Lei Mu confessed his identity as a practitioner, he would inevitably be forced to part with Wang Ye because of his mission—the lord of this city would definitely do so.
疯药王他们看不到虫巢外面的景象，很是担心，看雷木回来，立刻询问他外面发生了什么事。
The Mad Medicine King couldn't see the scene outside the hive, and they were very worried, and when they saw Lei Mu come back, they immediately asked him what was going on outside.
雷木看向青色蜘蛛，淡淡道：“城主提高了任务难度。不但借口小叶子有次空间，让巡逻者带领怪物攻击他，还把他弄到其他地方去了。小叶子这会儿应该是在被迫做新题。”
Lei Mu looked at the cyan spider and said lightly, "The city lord has increased the difficulty of the task. Not only did he use the excuse that Xiao Yezi had a space, but he let the patrolmen lead the monsters to attack him, and he also got him to other places. Xiao Yezi should be forced to do a new question at this time. ”
青色蜘蛛闭口不言，就像是不知道雷木在试探他。 The cyan spider was silent, as if it didn't know that Raymu was testing him.
雷木闭上眼睛感知王叶的情绪。 Lei Mu closed his eyes to sense Wang Ye's emotions.
王叶情绪很稳定，他在被地面吞噬的一刹那，就把那份返回知识之塔的邀请函拿了出来，迅速念了咒语。
Wang Ye's mood was very stable, and the moment he was swallowed by the ground, he took out the invitation to return to the Tower of Knowledge and quickly recited the incantation.
所以当他脚落实地，他已经再次来到知识之塔第四层。这就是他对付城主的方法，他做题就是。
So when he landed on the ground, he had once again reached the fourth level of the Tower of Knowledge. This is how he dealt with the city lord, and he did the question.
就是可惜了疯药王的魔法塔，看来只能等下次，等他把虫巢升级完毕，他再杀回来寻找！
It's a pity that the magic tower of the Mad Medicine King, it seems that he can only wait for next time, and when he finishes upgrading the hive, he will kill it and come back to find it!
城主没有想到小孩反应会这么快。 The city lord didn't expect the child to react so quickly.
不过知识之塔也不是好闯的，迄今为止，就是外面那些九级大佬进来，也没有谁能真正把知识之塔通关。
However, the Tower of Knowledge is not easy to break through, so far, even those ninth-level bigwigs outside have come in, and no one has really cleared the Tower of Knowledge.
当年知识之城几乎惨遭灭城，各专业的很多大佬都折损在知识之城，更后面作为接续的一大批天才也就此消失。
At that time, the City of Knowledge was almost wiped out, and many bigwigs of various majors were lost in the City of Knowledge, and a large number of geniuses who were the successors also disappeared.
这就导致之后的双月星出现了一次传承断层，很多高精深知识遗失，没能传下来。而人才接续更是出现一次断档。
This led to a inheritance fault in the subsequent Double Moon Stars, and a lot of high-level knowledge was lost and could not be passed on. And there is a break in the succession of talents.
为此，那之后出现的九级甚至十级，与断层之前的那个年代对比，就弱了不少。
For this reason, the ninth and even tenth levels that appeared after that were much weaker than the era before the fault.
各大魔法学校和各组织明知道搏命之城危险，为什么还要派人进来？除了贪图这边五倍时间的历练以外，也是为了找到更多的传承知识。
The major magic schools and organizations knew that the city of life was dangerous, so why did they send people in? In addition to coveting the experience of five times the time here, it is also to find more inheritance knowledge.
所以来到这里的历练者，几乎没有人会故意逃避答题，他们巴不得多多答题、多多学习，为此哪怕死上几十次都行。
Therefore, almost no one who comes here will deliberately avoid answering questions, they want to answer more questions and study more, even if they die dozens of times for this.
而十级大佬轻易不会进入这种已经有主人的秘境空间，这对他们太不利。
And the tenth-level boss will not easily enter this kind of secret realm space that already has an owner, which is too unfavorable for them.
搏命之城城主的融合术赫赫有名，十级大佬们想找死才会往这个秘境跑。
The fusion technique of the city lord of the city of life is famous, and the tenth-level bosses will only run to this secret realm if they want to find death.
如此，城主满怀信心地对知识之塔的管理者下令，让管理者在规则内把难度提到最高，他要让王叶不断承受死亡惩罚。
只要王叶死亡，城主就有办法找到王叶身上的次空间，并剥夺。
现在王叶也醒过味来。
在城主不知道他已经得到靳元辉魔法塔，还带走他的本体之前，这位城主为什么要对他穷追猛打？
真的是因为他违反规则吗？
王叶怀疑那位城主大怪物很可能看出他的次空间比较特殊，想要夺过去研究，甚至霸占。
“没想到你竟然这么快就回来了，还是主动回来。欢迎你，我的朋友。现在，你准备好进入第五层了吗？”贵族腔在石塔内部响起。
“稍等，我们先说说规则的事。”王叶盘膝坐下，调整呼吸后，慢腾腾地说道：“从第五层开始，就是要学习和考验五级卷轴知识了，对吧？”
贵族腔：“没错。”
“关于学习时间和考试时间，分别是多久？”
“按照规则，第五层的卷轴学习时间，一张卷轴六个小时，考试机会只有一次，两张卷轴之间的休息时间为四个小时。”
“呵！这不是比第四层还严格？难度提高了吗？”王叶就知道那位城主会给他挖坑，幸好他从来不是什么乖宝宝。
贵族腔幽幽道：“规则允许内。”
王叶眯眼：“伯里学习一张五级卷轴需要多长时间？他九岁时每天睡眠需要多长时间？”
贵族腔突然沉默。
王叶勾起唇角：“我偶尔从师长那里听到一些知识之城过去的传闻，听说当初知识之城有一位大长老，大长老有一个弟子，是首徒，天资绝佳，天赋超绝，智慧更是无人能比，他的名字就叫伯里。我就想知道如果是当年的伯里大人来学习卷轴知识，他需要多长时间可以吃透？”
贵族腔：“我无权回答这个问题。请历练者专心做题，请历练者登往第五层。”
“怎么？我敢答题，那位伯里大人不敢吗？我虽然年龄小，但我自认也算是个天才，我也不多要求，只要九岁的伯里大人和我一起进行卷轴学习和考试，如果十次答题，他有五次超过我，那就算我输，否则就免除我的惩罚，并给予我奖励。九岁是不是太小了？三十岁以下都可以。”
王叶挑起眉梢，露出一个极为挑衅的笑容。
贵族腔：“不可能。”
王叶：“那你告诉我，从知识之塔建造至今，最厉害最牛掰的一个卷轴天才，他的学习速度是多少？制作新卷轴是不是也只有一次机会？注意，这个天才在进入知识之塔前，卷轴知识必须没有超过四级。”
贵族腔这次沉默更久。
大约过了足足十分钟，贵族腔才再次发声：“有新的历练者进来。应历练者要求，新的答题方式展开，两名历练者将进行学习比试，按照每层十题，谁答题数正确率更多，谁就能获得双倍奖励并免除惩罚，失败者将得到双倍惩罚。”
王叶打了个响指：“这样才对嘛。”
王叶跳起身，拍拍屁股道：“别作弊哦。找个卷轴大佬来跟我比试，那就是违反规则了哈。对方目前的卷轴制作水平和知识储存量，必须和我一样。”
贵族腔：“知识之塔没人能作弊，请历练者上五楼。”
王叶踏上阶梯，转眼就来到了第五层。
那里已经有一个贵族气质浓郁的英俊小男孩在等着他。
“你好，我叫伯里。”男孩对他微笑。
妈呀呀呀呀呀！王叶在心中发出了一连串惨叫，但脸上他则露出了痞痞的笑容，扬手跟男孩打招呼：“你好，我叫王叶。”
王叶迅速打开了因果卷。
当看到因果卷上和他产生联系的男孩伯里只是一名能量具现的NPC后，他才暗暗松了口气。
王叶猜测，这个男孩伯里大概就是按照九岁的伯里创造出来的，包括他的能力和天赋等等。
从这里也能看出这位城主有多骄傲，说九岁就真的让九岁的自己上阵，多一天都没有。
嗯，这个城主大怪物虽然脑残了点，但在遵守规则上真的做得很好。至少他没亲身上阵进行降维打击。
当然啦，他现在在那位城主眼中，九成还是一个小土鳖，只是这个小土鳖得到了一个让城主大人也眼馋的特殊空间，并且还在垃圾山那边混了一圈出来，这才让那位城主多注意了那么一点。
但也就是多注意一点点，就他才五级的水准，还远远没有达到让城主大人亲身上阵的程度。派个九岁的复制体，那已经是很看得起他的表现了。
真伯里在九岁时很可能也学过卷轴制作。
王叶还记得傀儡二号说过伯里精通魔法阵、卷轴制作和魔画绘制，既然能用得上精通这两个字，就表示伯里在卷轴方面的知识积累和天赋一定很强很强。
不管如何，这个伯里显然接受了相应的知识灌输，而且恰好灌输到卷轴四级。
大概是新生成的NPC，知识融会贯通还需要一点时间，九岁的NPC伯里在面对第一张五级卷轴时，从开始学习到彻底掌握的时间比王叶慢了不少。
王叶占了重生的便宜，他精神力雄厚，以成年人的智商学习知识，自然要比他真九岁时学得快得多。
王叶还和伯里商量了一个间隔休息时间，定为每次都能休息八小时。
伯里同意了。大概也想利用这间隔的休息时间来学习。
两人都在暗搓搓的用功，把休息时间也利用到极致。但连续三张五级卷轴，都是王叶先学习完，并先成功制作出来。
可到了第四张，伯里的学习速度就追了上来。
到第六张，已经和王叶的学习速度持平。
王叶心惊。如果这真的九岁时候的伯里，那这位的学习能力也太强大，卷轴方面的天赋就更不用说。
王叶不敢再分神，更不敢再小瞧这个只是复制出来的NPC。
面对九岁的伯里，王叶重生以来，第一次感受到智商和学习能力被碾压的滋味。
王叶认真了，他开始全力以赴。
王叶在佩服九岁的伯里，甚至心惊他的天赋。
伯里又何尝不是如此？ What about Bury?
伯里从小就知道自己与众不同，他的智慧别说碾压同龄人，就是成年人也没有几个比他聪明的。他连记事都比别人早，两岁就能看懂简单的魔法阵构成，三岁他就无师自通学会了数个一级魔法阵，让家人惊为天人。
四岁时，他就开始跟宫廷魔法师学习魔法阵。
七岁时，那名魔法师就再也没有什么能教他。
他开始跟另外一名魔法师学习卷轴制作。
八岁时，他被引荐给知识之城的大长老达尔。大长老在小小测试他一番后，如获至宝。
伯里没想到他会看到一个天赋不亚于他的同龄人。
而据他所知，这个才九岁的男孩似乎还擅长药剂制作。
伯里眼里亮起了从没有过的光芒，他的胜负心也上升到九岁以来的最高程度，他不想输，他一定要赢过这个小孩！
王叶更不想输，输了他不但要受到双倍惩罚，八成他的虫巢也会被抢走。
如果只是单个虫巢被抢走也就算了，可他的虫巢里可是揣着他的所有财产和大量见不得人的宝贝。
金宝、小云、贝贝、小角、小光、浮游光虫群、疯药王、靳元辉……
魔法塔、心之山、钟乳石洞、海豆芽药泥、无垢花、虫蜜、灵水珠、光之玉石、囚禁兰道教授的魔画框、黄玉心树制作的秘境钥匙、他种植的大量药材和蔬菜、他的黄金和魔晶、他的小二楼……
以及盲石壳和他新买的大量材料……那么多那么多！
还有他最最重要的大宝贝雷木，不论哪一个，他都损失不起，更不愿损失。
and his most important big baby, Lei Mu, no matter which one he can't afford to lose, let alone want to lose.
所以王叶不能输。 So Wang Ye can't lose.
不能输的王叶浑身都似冒出了熊熊火焰。 Wang Ye, who couldn't lose, seemed to be bursting with flames all over his body.
第五层，靠着前半段的领先，王叶赢了，获得了双倍奖励。
On the fifth layer, relying on the lead in the first half, Wang Ye won and received double rewards.
王叶以要参加学校大比为理由，婉转拒绝了管理者提出的秘境延时奖励——他就知道！
On the grounds that he wanted to participate in the school competition, Wang Ye politely refused the secret realm delay reward proposed by the administrator - he knew it!
另一个奖励选项是二十份五级卷轴制作材料。 Another bonus option is twenty copies of the Level 5 Scroll crafting material.
这奖励真不算高，但王叶高高兴兴选择了这份奖励。 This reward is really not high, but Wang Ye happily chose this reward.
王叶还以“小孩子要好好睡觉才能长大”这个理由，死活争取来整整一天一夜的休息时间。
Wang Ye also used the reason that "children need to sleep well to grow up", and fought for a whole day and a night of rest.
幸好NPC的伯里也需要遵行普通小孩的正常生理，他还被双倍惩罚了，更需要休息。
Fortunately, NPC's Burry also needs to follow the normal physiology of ordinary children, and he has been doubled as punished, and he needs to rest even more.
伯里也够狠，大概是管理者手下留情的缘故，双倍惩罚也没有让他死亡，但他重伤了，伯里懒得治疗自己，也为了更快恢复，竟然直接自杀。
Bury was also ruthless enough, probably because of the mercy of the manager's subordinates, and the double punishment did not let him die, but he was seriously injured, Bury was too lazy to treat himself, and in order to recover faster, he even committed suicide directly.
一天一夜后，伯里复活，精神状态和生理状态都是满值。
After a day and a night, Burry was resurrected, and his mental and physical state were at full value.
两人踏入了第六层。 The two stepped onto the sixth floor.
而这天，已经是王叶进入搏命之城的第一百四十七天。 And this day was already the one hundred and forty-seventh day that Wang Ye had entered the City of Fighting.
二十六天时间，掌握大部分的五级卷轴知识，这对于绝大多数人都是几乎不可能做到的事。
Twenty-six days, mastering most of the knowledge of the fifth-level scrolls, which is almost impossible for the vast majority of people to do.
而王叶能做到这种程度，是因为他把每次间隔的八小时休息时间真正利用到了极致的极致。
And Wang Ye was able to do this to this extent because he really used the eight-hour rest time between each time to the extreme.
他进了靳元辉的魔法塔，利用那个拟态研究室来反复制作卷轴和墨水，并把兰道教授教给他的卷轴知识不断拿出来复习巩固，又从大脑图书馆中找出新的五级卷轴知识进行学习。
He entered Jin Yuanhui's magic tower, used the mimicry research room to make scrolls and ink repeatedly, and constantly took out the scroll knowledge taught to him by Professor Landau to review and consolidate, and found new fifth-level scroll knowledge from the brain library to study.
他把睡眠时间压缩到每天就打个盹的程度。精神力撑不住，就喝精神力补充药剂。
He compresses his sleep to the point of taking a nap every day. If you can't hold your mental power, you drink mental power supplements.
王叶几乎是不计成本地在喝药剂。 Wang Ye was drinking the potion almost regardless of the cost.
后来就连疯药王都看不下去了，让他不要再这样拼命，还说这样喝精神力补充药剂对他没什么好处。
Later, even the Mad Medicine King couldn't stand it anymore, and asked him to stop working so hard, and said that drinking spiritual power replenishment potions like this would not do him any good.
雷木去找了贝贝，跟贝贝说明了王叶的情况和他们现在的危险境遇，恳求贝贝能给出一点养魂液。
Lei Mu went to Bei Bei and explained to Bei Bei about Wang Ye's situation and their current dangerous situation, and begged Bei Bei to give a little soul nourishing liquid.
大约出于一损俱损的担忧，贝贝这次十分大方地给出了足足十毫升的养魂液。
Probably out of concern about the loss of everything, Bei Bei generously gave a full ten milliliters of soul nourishing liquid this time.
疯药王和靳元辉都看得眼馋无比，这东西对他们俩都是大补。
The Mad Medicine King and Jin Yuanhui were both extremely greedy, and this thing was a great supplement for both of them.
但雷木一点都没分给他们，每天喂一点，全都喂给了王叶。
But Lei Mu didn't give them a little, he fed a little every day, and fed it all to Wang Ye.
为此，王叶因祸得福，精神力不但没有受到大的损伤，精神力值竟然还向上蹿了不少。
For this reason, Wang Ye was blessed by misfortune, not only was his mental power not greatly damaged, but his spiritual power value even jumped up a lot.
但疯药王已经警告王叶，说这种长时间压榨精神力、只靠药剂和天材地宝来弥补的行为绝不可取。
However, the Mad Medicine King had already warned Wang Ye that it was absolutely not advisable to squeeze spiritual power for a long time and only rely on potions and heavenly treasures to make up for it.
王叶当然也不想毁了自己的根基。 Of course, Wang Ye didn't want to destroy his foundation.
他已经算好时间，只要能熬过第五层，进入第六层……当他为什么要提出最后累积十次答题的成功率来决定惩罚还是奖励，而不是一题一定？
He has already calculated the time, as long as he can survive the fifth layer and enter the sixth layer...... Why did he come up with the success rate of accumulating ten answers at the end to determine whether to punish or reward, rather than a certain question?
一切都是为了现在啊。 It's all for the present.
大约是王叶眼见希望就在眼前，稍微有点松懈，第一张六级卷轴的制作输给了九岁的伯里。
It was about Wang Ye who saw that hope was in front of him, and he was a little lax, and the production of the first sixth-level scroll was lost to the nine-year-old Burry.
伯里在经过一天的学习后，成功绘制出了卷轴，王叶紧跟着也要了材料，但在最后收笔时，因为能量不足，失败。
After a day of studying, Bury successfully drew the scroll, and Wang Ye followed closely to ask for materials, but when he finally finished the pen, he failed due to lack of energy.
王叶现在的玩家等级是五十二级，他的能量只够制作出五级卷轴，六级得看运气。
Wang Ye's current player level is fifty-two, and his energy is only enough to make a five-level scroll, and the sixth level depends on luck.
伯里不知道王叶有等级限制，见他第一张卷轴绘制失败，微微笑了一下，还很客气地给王叶打气说：“你已经很厉害了，相信你第二张就会追上来。”
Bury didn't know that Wang Ye had a level limit, and when he saw that he failed to draw the first scroll, he smiled slightly, and cheered Wang Ye very politely and said, "You are already very powerful, I believe you will catch up with the second one." ”
王叶：不，追不上。只要我的玩家等级还在六十级以下，我就不可能百分百成功绘制出六级卷轴，失败率能高达百分之八十还多。
Wang Ye: No, I can't catch up. As long as I'm below level 60, I won't be able to draw a level 6 scroll 100% with a failure rate of more than 80%.
到了第六层，两人的学习时间延长了……没有固定的学习时间，就是两人互相比，谁第一个成功绘制出正在学习的那张卷轴，谁赢。
On the sixth floor, the study time of the two was extended...... There is no fixed learning time, that is, the two compete with each other, and whoever is the first to successfully draw the scroll they are learning wins.
王叶又借口小孩子需要多休息才能更好地接受知识，在和伯里商量后，把两张卷轴之间的间隔休息时间从八小时延长为十二小时。
Wang Ye also used the excuse that children needed more rest to better receive knowledge, and after discussing with Bury, he extended the interval between the two scrolls from eight hours to twelve hours.
想要暗中用功、以为王叶也是如此的伯里同意了。他能感觉出来，他和王叶的学习能力就在伯仲之间，相差不大。那么王叶休息（学习）多长时间，他同样也能利用这个时间来学习。
Burry, who wanted to work hard secretly and thought that Wang Ye was the same, agreed. He could feel that the learning ability between him and Wang Ye was between them, and there was not much difference. So how long does Wang Ye rest (study), he can also use this time to study.
如此，又拖延了两天时间。 In this way, it was delayed for another two days.
第三天，也是王叶进入搏命之城秘境的第一百五十天。 The third day was also the one hundred and fiftieth day for Wang Ye to enter the secret realm of the City of Fighting Lives.
王叶看似在专心致志地学习第二张六级卷轴，实际上他一直在等待系统播报。
Wang Ye seemed to be concentrating on learning the second sixth-level scroll, but in fact he had been waiting for the system to broadcast it.
时间一点一滴地往前迈进。 Time moves forward bit by bit.
越是心急，越是感觉每一秒的时间都被拉长。 The more anxious I became, the more I felt that every second of time was stretched.
王叶强行把心神重新投入到揣摩卷轴结构中，这才从感觉时间变慢的焦灼状态中挣脱出来。
Wang Ye forcibly put his mind back into figuring out the structure of the scroll, and only then did he break free from the anxious state of feeling that time was slowing down.
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，成功在搏命之城连续存活一百五十天整，加上额外奖励，玩家共计获得一百零五万点经验值。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, Xiao Wang, who successfully survived in the City of Fighting for 150 consecutive days, plus additional rewards, the player has gained a total of 1.05 million experience points.] 】
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到2488099点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到六十级。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, after deducting the experience points that have been used, the player's experience points have accumulated 2488099 points, and the upgrade conditions are met, and the game level has been upgraded to level 60. 】
【玩家隔壁小王成功完成时限内的存活任务，现时限期满，玩家即将在十秒内脱离本副本。】
[The player's next door Xiao Wang has successfully completed the survival task within the time limit, and the current time limit has expired, and the player is about to leave this dungeon within ten seconds.] 】
王叶跳了起来。 Wang Ye jumped up.
他终于等到了！ He's finally here!
第183章 玩家猜测、信 Chapter 183: Players Guess, Believe
地球。 Earth.
王沐在游戏中第N次听到玩家谈论隔壁小王，忍不住就下线打开了游戏论坛。
Wang Mu heard the player talking about Xiao Wang next door for the Nth time in the game, and couldn't help but go offline and open the game forum.
看着满屏幕的天啊地啊以及开屏不断落下的柠檬果，王沐有种既骄傲又惶恐的不知所措感。
Looking at the sky and earth all over the screen and the lemon fruit that kept falling on the opening screen, Wang Mu felt a sense of pride and panic at the top of his mind.
玩家等级排行榜第一位的无名氏，其名字后面的等级已经从52级变成了60级。
The rank of Anonymous at the top of the player level leaderboard has changed from level 52 to level 60 after its name.
而就在一个月前，这位无名氏的等级还是27级。 And just a month ago, this anonymous man was still level 27.
大约二十四天前，也就是无名氏只花了六天时间就从27级一下跳到了31级。
About twenty-four days ago, it took Anonymous only six days to jump from level 27 to level 31.
当时论坛就有小地震，在普通玩家大众都只有十级不到，只有少数玩家才能达到十五级到二十级之间的时候，竟然有玩家一路冲到了三十级！
At that time, there was a small earthquake in the forum, and when the general public of players was only less than level ten, and only a few players could reach level 15 to level 20, there were players who rushed all the way to level 30!
然后让众玩家感到更震惊的疯狂事来了。 Then came the madness that shocked the players even more.
又四天后，二十天前，无名氏从31级再次飞跃到37级。
Four more days later, twenty days ago, Anonymous made another leap from level 31 to level 37.
但这并不是结束。 But that's not the end.
就在十天前，无名氏从37级暴升到52级！ Just ten days ago, Anonymous skyrocketed from level 37 to level 52!
当时论坛整个沸腾了！ At that time, the whole forum was boiling!
是全世界范围沸腾，可不是华夏一个游戏区。 It's boiling all over the world, but it's not a game area in China.
到处都是质问游戏GM是不是游戏出bug的帖子，还有人强烈要求调查隔壁小王是不是程序猿，开发了某种可以快速升级的游戏挂。
There are posts everywhere asking if the game GM is a bug in the game, and there are also people who strongly ask to investigate whether Xiao Wang next door is a program ape, and has developed some kind of game that can be quickly upgraded.
咳，哪怕是无名氏，大家也都认定这个第一就是隔壁小王。
cough, even if it's an anonymous person, everyone thinks that this number one is the little king next door.
也有少数那么一两个人为隔壁小王说话，说人家也许在现实中也超级厉害，或者掌握了某种可以刷游戏世界土著好感值的方法，才会升这么快，但这种言论很快就被无数骂贴给淹没。
There are also a few or two people who speak for Xiao Wang next door, saying that people may be super powerful in reality, or have mastered some method that can brush the favorability of the natives of the game world, so they will rise so quickly, but this kind of remarks were quickly drowned out by countless scolding posts.
游戏论坛对此，非常难得地给出了首页开屏回答。 In this regard, the game forum gave a very rare answer to the opening screen of the homepage.
那回答真的是超级简洁有力，变成华夏文，就三个字：查无挂！
The answer is really super concise and powerful, and it becomes Huaxia, just three words: check no hanging!
全世界玩家：“……”都开屏了，你就不能多写几个字？至少告诉我们那个挂逼是怎么升级的吧？
Players all over the world: "......" is turned on, so you can't write a few more words? At least tell us how that hanger was upgraded, shall we?
总之，全世界玩家就算看到游戏官方给出答案，他们也认定隔壁小王就是个挂逼。否则没办法解释为什么那位升级就跟乘坐火箭似的，嗖嗖往上蹿。
In short, even if players around the world see the official answer from the game, they also think that Xiao Wang next door is a hanger. Otherwise, there's no way to explain why that upgrade is like a rocket, swishing upwards.
十天过去，游戏论坛总算稍微平息了一些，把隔壁小王拖出来鞭尸的人也少了。
Ten days have passed, and the game forum has finally calmed down a little, and there are fewer people who drag Xiao Wang out of the whip next door.
可就在刚刚，那个不做人的第一挂……呸，是疑似她侄子隔壁小王的无名氏，其玩家等级再次变动。
But just now, the first hanger who is not a human being...... Phew, it's an anonymous name suspected of being her nephew's Xiao Wang next door, and its player level has changed again.
他从52级飞升到了60级！ He flew from level 52 to level 60!
而排在第二的玩家至今才只有25级。这位已经算是升得极快的了，一个月前这位还是21级。
The player in second place is only level 25 so far. This one has risen extremely fast, and a month ago he was level 21.
但一个月升四级，和一个月狂升三十三级，能比吗？ But can it be compared to upgrading to level 4 in a month and rising to level 33 in a month?
就问看到这种差距的人谁不震惊？谁不愤怒？ Just ask the people who see this gap who are not shocked? Who isn't angry?
谁不知道这破游戏的等级有多难提升。你一个月升四级我就得跪地叫你一声大佬，但一个月升三十三级？你是吃火箭燃料长大的吧？
Who doesn't know how difficult it is to level up this broken game. If you are promoted to level four in a month, I will have to kneel and call you a big man, but if you are promoted to level thirty-three in a month? You grew up eating rocket fuel, right?
全世界玩家都怒了，暴怒。 Players all over the world are furious and furious.
但诡异的是，辱骂隔壁小王的人变少了。 But the strange thing is that there are fewer people who insult Xiao Wang next door.
更多人出高价悬赏隔壁小王的游戏下落乃至现实的真实身份。
More people offered high prices to reward the whereabouts of Xiao Wang's game next door and even the real identity of reality.
有些敏感的人感到了怪异，不过一个游戏而已，有必要这么认真吗？还特地出钱悬赏一个玩家现实中的真实身份？
Some sensitive people feel weird, but it's just a game, is it necessary to take it so seriously? Also specially paid a reward for a player's real identity in reality?
而有些已经从游戏中体会到一定好处的人则心里明镜似的，更明白那些高价悬赏的人图的是什么，但他们都保持了沉默，静静地看事态发展。
And some people who have already experienced some benefits from the game are like mirrors in their hearts, and they know better what those who have offered high bounties are up to, but they all remain silent and quietly watch the development of events.
忽然，一张帖子被送到了首页。 Suddenly, a post was sent to the front page.
这个帖子的标题叫做：我的同胞，他一直都站在世界最巅峰！
The title of this post is called: My compatriot, who has always stood at the top of the world!
发帖人，烟花下的寂寞。 Poster, loneliness under fireworks.
这贴一出，论坛的风向明显变了。 As soon as this post came out, the direction of the forum changed significantly.
原本大家几乎都在一边倒地批评或调侃隔壁小王，但随着这张帖子冒出，越来越多偏向隔壁小王的言论冒了出来。
Originally, everyone was almost one-sided to criticize or ridicule Xiao Wang next door, but with the emergence of this post, more and more remarks that were biased towards Xiao Wang next door popped up.
“啊，差点忘了，这个排名是世界排名。现在想想，排在第一的一直都是我们华夏人，哪怕只是一个游戏排名，但还是莫名好爽。”
"Ah, I almost forgot, this ranking is a world ranking. Now that I think about it, we Chinese people have always been in the first place, even if it's just a game ranking, but it's still inexplicably cool. ”
“同爽！第二名看名字就是老外，他追，他追，他拼命追，可他还是追不上我们小王，hiahiahia~”
"Same as cool! The second place looks at the name is the foreigner, he chases, he chases, he chases desperately, but he still can't catch up with our little king, hiahiahia~"
“其他地区的玩家追上来好快，之前前面几个还都是我们华夏的游戏名，但后面就越来越多的老外追上来了。”
"Players from other regions catch up so fast, the first few were all our Huaxia game names before, but more and more foreigners are catching up later."
“但他们永远都追不上隔壁小王~” "But they will never be able to catch up with the little king next door~"
“我小王就是牛，他就是这个游戏的王！” "My little king is a cow, he is the king of this game!"
“我坚信隔壁小王没有开挂，有些人就是厉害，你不得不服气。”
"I firmly believe that Xiao Wang next door is not open, some people are just amazing, you have to be convinced."
“我现在正在研究隔壁小王以前发的帖子，据说这里面有真经。”
"I'm now studying the previous post made by Xiao Wang next door, and it is said that there is a true scripture in it."
“隔壁小王应该多发些帖子告诉大家他是怎么升级的。”
"Xiao Wang next door should post more posts to tell everyone how he upgraded."
“为什么要发？说出去好让其他地区的人追上来吗？” "Why do you want to send it? Tell it so that people from other regions can catch up? ”
“对了，你们知道各国都有国派人员进入游戏吗？” "By the way, did you know that each country has sent people into the game?"
“哎哎哎？国派人员？什么意思？” "Hey, hey? State-sent personnel? What do you mean? ”
“我在游戏中看到世界冠军了，他在游戏中练习！” "I saw the world champion in the game, he practiced in the game!"
“我也看到了！我看到了一支明显是特种兵组成的队伍，他们在帮助一个国家打仗，还负责训练。之前我还以为就是一群在现实中很厉害的退役军人，现在想想，很不对劲啊。也许不是退役，根本就是现役。”
"I saw it too! I saw a team of apparently special forces, helping a country to fight a war and also taking care of training. Before, I thought it was a group of veterans who were very powerful in reality, but now that I think about it, it's very wrong. Maybe not retired, simply active. ”
“我能说我们研究所在游戏中设了一个点吗，不要问我，我们研究所在研究什么……先说明不是我们华夏的研究所，我们研究所已经被怪物摧毁三次了，里面的研究员和所长都死了一遍又一遍，直到我们所长宣布改项。我们所长说这游戏非常智能，非常非常非常……”
“我现在深刻怀疑隔壁小王也是国派人员，还是非常特殊的一个，就是那种超级天才超级士兵的那种，你们懂的~”
“噢噢噢噢！”
论坛上的言论全都歪了，接下来什么样道听途说的奇葩之说和稀奇古怪的脑洞都冒了出来。
王沐浑身放松地舒了口气，歇了一会儿，想起小叶子班主任发来的信息，赶紧打开邮箱，开始给小叶子写信。
双月星陨星魔法学校后山。 The mountain behind the Twin Moon Star Meteor School of Magic.
砰！ Bang!
伴随着大量水花，王叶被从水池里踹飞出来，五体投地地趴在地上。
With a large amount of splashing, Wang Ye was kicked out of the pool, and his five bodies fell to the ground.
是真踹啊，王叶感觉自己屁屁挨了一脚，非常真实！ It's really kicking, Wang Ye feels like he's been kicked, it's very real!
他痛觉这么低都感到疼痛了，可见这一脚有多重。 He felt pain when his pain was so low, which showed how heavy this foot was.
他不过是在最后一秒对伯里笑了一下而已，他发誓那真的是个友好的笑容，没有半点挑衅的意思。
He just smiled at Burry at the last second, and he swore it was a friendly smile, not the slightest provocation.
可能意识到自己被刷了吧，那位城主大人应该相当愤怒，可能他是很想一脚踹死他的，但也许是他脱离及时，也许是碍于规则，他现在还活着。
Maybe he realized that he was brushed, the city lord should be quite angry, maybe he wanted to kick him to death, but maybe he was out of time, maybe it was because he was in the way, he was still alive now.
王叶揉着屁屁，真的好痛啊，感觉骨盆碎了。 Wang Ye rubbed his buttocks, it really hurt, he felt that his pelvis was broken.
“我知道你十分感激我，但也不必这么大礼参拜。”一道清冷的声音在王叶耳边响起。
"I know you're grateful to me, but you don't have to pay such a respect." A cold voice sounded in Wang Ye's ears.
王叶抬起脑袋，对着大美人教授露出了晕乎乎的笑容。 Wang Ye raised his head and smiled dizzily at the Great Beauty Professor.
兰道教授抱着胳膊，低头看着趴在他面前的男孩，似笑非笑。这个姿势飞出来，这小子不是正在被人追杀中，就是得罪了人。
Professor Landau crossed his arms and looked down at the boy lying in front of him, smiling rather than smiling. This posture flew out, and this kid was either being chased and killed, or he had offended someone.
“你还要趴到什么时候？” "How long are you going to lie down?"
“唔……”王叶还在晕乎中，升级后遗症。 "Hmm......" Wang Ye was still in a daze, upgrading the sequelae.
他，隔壁小王，终于在进入游戏十个月（地球时间）后，升到了六十级！
He, the little king next door, has finally reached level sixty after ten months (Earth time) into the game!
六十级啊。 Sixty levels.
他终于不再是弱渣了。 He's finally no longer a weak scumbag.
游戏系统真的是有弊也有利。慢的时候死慢，但只要你找对方法，也能飞快升级。
The game system really has both disadvantages and advantages. When it's slow, it's slow, but as long as you find the right way, you can level up quickly.
对于别人来说，如果升级太快，可能还会出现实力和等级不搭的情况。
For others, if the upgrade is too fast, there may be a mismatch between strength and level.
但王叶有前生积累，对那些新解锁的因果技能都非常了解。加上他之前一直囤积能量，其真实能量和实力都已经达到升级标准，只是因为游戏限制而只能憋着。
But Wang Ye has accumulated in his previous life, and he knows very well about those newly unlocked cause and effect skills. In addition, he has been hoarding energy before, and his true energy and strength have reached the upgrade standard, but he can only hold it because of the game limitations.
现在不过是让囤积的水流流入了该流入的渠道。 Now it's just a matter of letting the hoarded water flow into the channel where it should be.
王叶不但没有出现实力和等级不搭的肾虚状态，反而很稳。
Wang Ye not only did not appear in a state of kidney deficiency that did not match his strength and level, but was very stable.
幸好玩家的等级除非玩家愿意亮出来，否则外人就感知不到。
Fortunately, the player's level cannot be detected by outsiders unless the player is willing to show it.
就是实力不明美人大佬盯着王叶看了半天，也只觉得小孩的实力有所上升，却看不出他到底达到了什么水平。
Even the beauty boss with unknown strength stared at Wang Ye for a long time, and he only felt that the child's strength had risen, but he couldn't see what level he had reached.
“受伤了？能起来吗？”兰道教授弯腰，伸出手。 "Hurt? Can you get up? Professor Landau bent down and held out his hand.
“能。”王叶握住兰道的手，借力站起：“嗷！” "Yes." Wang Ye held Landau's hand and stood up with strength: "Wow! ”
兰道：“很疼？” Landau: "It hurts? ”
王叶确定了：“骨头碎了。”也就他在这种伤势下还能站起来。
Wang Ye confirmed: "The bones are broken." "He's still on his feet with this injury.
兰道皱眉，当即从小孩的脊骨一路摸下去，不一会儿就倒抽一口冷气。他无法想象小孩是怎么还能站着跟他说话的。
Landau frowned, and immediately touched the child's spine all the way down, and after a while, he gasped. He couldn't imagine how a child could still stand and talk to him.
兰道立刻拿出一张高级治疗卷轴往小孩身上一拍。 Landau immediately took out an advanced healing scroll and slapped it on the child.
一阵光芒过后，王叶什么痛感都没了。 After a burst of light, Wang Ye felt no pain.
王叶原地蹦跶两下，对兰道咧嘴笑，嘴滑了一下：“好了，大美人，谢啦~”
Wang Ye jumped on the spot twice, grinned at Landau, and his mouth slid a little: "Okay, big beauty, thank you~"
“啪！”王叶后脑勺挨了一巴掌。 "Smack!" Wang Ye received a slap on the back of the head.
王叶摸摸后脑勺，嘀咕：“人美还不让人说。” Wang Ye touched the back of his head and muttered: "People are beautiful and don't let people say it." ”
兰道啼笑皆非，臭小子还挺会拍马屁。 Landau is ridiculous, and the stinky boy is quite good at making sycophants.
“教授，虽然您美得惨绝人寰，但我还是要说，您要是在我进去之前，跟我说说里面的情况就好了。您什么也不交代，我还真的以为那里就是一个能安心学习的地方，结果差点被整死啊。”王叶无限幽怨地抱怨道。
"Professor, as beautiful as you are, I would say that it would be better if you told me about the inside before I went in. You didn't explain anything, I really thought it was a place where I could study with peace of mind, but I almost died. Wang Ye complained infinitely.
兰道很想再抽这臭小子一巴掌，“我找了预言师，他说什么都不跟你说对你最好。”
Landau wanted to slap the stinky boy again, "I went to the prophet, and he said that it was best for you not to tell you." ”
王叶：“啊？” Wang Ye: "Huh? ”
“行了，我问你，你收获怎么样？卷轴制作学到几级了？四级的能做吗？”兰道非常明智地迅速转移话题。有些事真的不适合跟小孩说太清楚，陨星魔法学校和知识之城……那也是一笔烂账。
"Okay, let me ask you, how did you get? What level of scroll making have you learned? Can Level 4 do it? Landau was very wise to quickly change the subject. There are some things that really don't make it too clear to children, the Meteorite School of Magic and the City of Knowledge...... That's a bad debt, too.
王叶给了兰道一个“你是不是小看我”的眼神。 Wang Ye gave Landau a look of "Are you underestimating me".
兰道手痒。 Landau has itchy hands.
“比赛看我的吧。”王叶拍胸脯。 "It's up to me to play." Wang Ye patted his chest.
他现在正在最有自信的状态。 He's at his most confident right now.
讲真，就这升级速度，别说十年，再给他一两年，说不定他就能升到九十九级。
To tell the truth, with this upgrade speed, let alone ten years, give him another year or two, maybe he will be able to rise to level ninety-nine.
当然，他也知道他之所以能下一子跳这么多级，是因为他原先的等级太低，而这个困难级副本得到的奖励又太高的缘故。
Of course, he also knew that the reason why he was able to jump so many levels in the next son was because his original level was too low, and the reward for this difficult-level dungeon was too high.
毕竟这可是给五十级到九十八级的中高级玩家准备的困难级副本。一百万点经验值给九十级的玩家，也就是升一级半的奖励。
After all, this is a hard-level dungeon for intermediate and advanced players from level 50 to level 98. One million XP points are given to players at level 90, which is a reward of one and a half levels of promotion.
像他原先的水准，进去别说捞经验值，不死到零级就算他运气好。
Like his original level, let alone fishing for experience points, even if he doesn't die to level zero, even if he is lucky.
但……谁能想到他是重生的，又恰好有那么点天赋，而且还拥有雷木、小光、包括疯药王、小云和虫巢在内的一堆作弊……呸，是助力！
But...... Who would have thought that he was reborn, and happened to have a little talent, and he also had Lei Mu, Xiao Guang, and a bunch of cheats including the Mad Medicine King, Xiao Yun, and the Worm Hive...... Phew, it's a boost!
于是，他就这么苟活了一百五十天，最后就暴升了，桀桀桀~
So, he lived like this for one hundred and fifty days, and finally he skyrocketed, and he was rui~
但六十级以后还想这么暴升基本不可能。 But it's basically impossible to rise like this after level 60.
就像双月星七级就算进入高手之列，玩家实力也是从七十级开始产生较大的分水岭。
Just like the seventh level of the Double Moon Star, even if you enter the list of masters, the player's strength will also start from level seventy to produce a large watershed.
六十一级到七十级还好说，但从七十一级开始，那真的是一级比一级难升。
Sixty-one to seventy levels is easy to say, but from seventy-one onwards, it is really more difficult to ascend than first.
不过只要等到三五十级以后，玩家就能察觉出这个游戏带来的好处，那时玩家们就不会再像在普通游戏中一样特别追求升级，而是更想要打下一个坚实的基础。
However, as long as you wait until level 30 or 50, players will be able to perceive the benefits of this game, and then players will no longer be looking for upgrades as they do in ordinary games, but will want to build a solid foundation.
“你到底达到什么水准可不是你吹就有用，等回去你就给我去考级，如果连四级都没达到，你就别去给我丢脸了。”兰道说话冷漠，态度也不好。
"What level you have reached is not useful for you to brag, when you go back, you will give me the exam, if you don't even reach the fourth level, you don't want to embarrass me." Landau spoke coldly and had a bad attitude.
但王叶却笑嘻嘻地贴上去：“教授，给你看个好东西。喏~”
But Wang Ye smiled and pasted it: "Professor, show you something good." 喏~"
大美人教授啊，就是个面冷心热嘴硬心软的，他已经摸清这位的脉络了。
Professor Da Beauty, he is a cold-hearted, hot-mouthed, hard-hearted and soft-hearted person, and he has already figured out the context of this person.
兰道先没在意，在他看来王小叶能在搏命之城待上一百五十天，出来只是腰椎以下骨骼全部碎裂，已经很了不起。好歹这是他能治的伤，总比王叶再中一个类似千木之毒的绝毒强。
Lan Daoxian didn't care, in his opinion, Wang Xiaoye could stay in the City of Fighting for a hundred and fifty days, and when he came out, all the bones below the lumbar spine were shattered, which was already very remarkable. Anyway, this is an injury that he can heal, and it is better than Wang Yezai's absolute poison similar to the poison of a thousand trees.
可当兰道看到王叶手中拿着的东西后，脸色变了。 But when Lan Dao saw what Wang Ye was holding in his hand, his face changed.
“积分卡？”兰道失声。看颜色还是最高等级，非过去那些知识之城超级大佬不能持有。
"Loyalty cards?" Landau lost his voice. Looking at the color, it is still the highest level, and it cannot be held by those super bosses of the City of Knowledge in the past.
王叶把积分卡塞到兰道手里：“我捡到的，还有两万多积分，我要着没用，给你。”
Wang Ye stuffed the point card into Lan Dao's hand: "I picked it up, there are more than 20,000 points, I want it useless, give it to you." ”
怎么可能没用？但王叶不想欠兰道太多，哪怕目前为止从因果看，应该是兰道欠他的。
How could it be useless? But Wang Ye didn't want to owe Lan Dao too much, even if so far, from the perspective of cause and effect, Lan Dao should owe him.
正通过虫巢空间观察外面的青色蜘蛛：捡到……你倒是再捡一张给我看看。
Observing the cyan spider outside through the hive space: Picked up ...... You'd rather pick up another one and show it to me.
疯药王跟靳蜘蛛介绍外面到底是哪里。 The Mad Medicine King introduced to Jin Spider where it was outside.
靳蜘蛛很快就被外面的世界吸引，也不再心疼那张积分卡。不管付出了多少代价，只要能逃出来……而他现在是真的逃出来了！
Jin Spider was quickly attracted by the outside world, and he no longer felt sorry for the point card. No matter what the cost is, as long as you can escape...... And now he really escaped!
兰道看王叶的眼神都不同了，没有人喜欢一味付出却得不到任何回报，哪怕兰道从没有想过要让小孩回报。
Lan Dao's eyes were different when he looked at Wang Ye, no one likes to blindly give but get nothing in return, even if Lan Dao never thought of letting the child reciprocate.
两万多积分！还是那个秘境的积分，这是多么珍贵的一笔财富。
More than 20,000 points! It's still the points of that secret realm, what a precious treasure this is.
兰道以为王小叶不知道这积分的珍贵之处，拍拍他的小肩膀道：“你自己收着吧，这东西比什么都宝贵，别傻傻地跟学校换学分，更别随便送人。以后你可以花积分再进去那个秘境，等进去后你去找一家叫做圣东郡的药剂店，你能在那里买到一些外面买不到的好东西。”
Landau thought that Wang Xiaoye didn't know the preciousness of this point, so he patted his little shoulder and said, "You can keep it yourself, this thing is more precious than anything else, don't be stupid to exchange credits with the school, and don't give it away casually." Later, you can spend points to enter that secret realm again, and when you get in, you will go to an apothecary called St. East County, where you can buy some good things that you can't buy outside. ”
王叶：“我知道啊。我捡到这张卡的时候，里面有一百多万，我去圣东郡药剂店转了一圈，就剩下两万多了。”
Wang Ye: "I know. When I picked up this card, there were more than a million in it, and I went around the St. East County Pharmacy and there were more than 20,000 left. ”
兰道：“……你说什么？” Landau: "...... What did you say? ”
他怀疑自己的耳朵，更想把小孩拎起来暴揍一顿。 He doubted his ears and wanted to pick up the child and beat him violently.
那么那么宝贵的积分，多少人求之不得，那可是一百多万啊，恐怕陨星魔法学校所有大佬手上的库存积分累加起来也没这么多。
So many people can't ask for such valuable points, that's more than a million, I'm afraid that the inventory points in the hands of all the big guys of the Falling Star Magic School don't add up to so much.
你竟然给我花到只剩下两万多？！ You actually spent me until I only had more than 20,000 left?!
王叶唰地又拿出一个箱子，当着兰道的面打开，特别财大气粗地说：“教授你看，这都是我给你买的礼物，喜欢吗？”
Wang Ye took out another box, opened it in front of Lan Dao, and said in a particularly wealthy manner: "Professor, look, these are all gifts I bought for you, do you like it?" ”
兰道低头看箱子。 Landau looked down at the box.
就见箱子里摆着十张九级空白卷轴，和一瓶九级的卷轴墨水。
I saw that there were ten ninth-level blank scrolls and a bottle of ninth-level scroll ink in the box.
兰道自己也能制作九级的空白卷轴和墨水，但这可是过去那个知识之城留下来的存货，连制作手法都和现在不一样，威力也比现在的九级空白卷轴更强，可谓是用一张少一张。
Landau himself can also make ninth-level blank scrolls and ink, but this is an inventory left over from the city of knowledge in the past, and even the production method is different from now, and the power is stronger than the current ninth-level blank scroll, which can be said to be one less.
最重要的是，以兰道的能力，他拿到实物就能对比知识之城的卷轴和他制作的卷轴有什么不同，从而反推出该空白卷轴和墨水的制作配方和方法。
On top of that, with Landau's ability, he was able to compare the difference between the scroll in the City of Knowledge and the scroll he had made, and thus deduce the recipe and method for making the blank scroll and ink.
这样的礼物，简直送到兰道心坎里了。 Such a gift was simply delivered to Landau's heart.
王叶还嘀咕道：“那个圣东郡药剂店真的什么都卖，明明叫药剂店，却连卷轴和魔器都有得卖，我看它应该改名叫杂货店才对。”
Wang Ye also muttered: "That Shengdong County pharmacy really sells everything, it's obviously called a pharmacy, but it even sells scrolls and magic weapons, I think it should be renamed a grocery store." ”
兰道艰难地挤出：“……这太贵重了，我不能要。你自己留着吧。”
Landau squeezed out with difficulty: "...... It's too precious for me to ask for it. Keep it for yourself. ”
王叶摆摆手：“九级距离我还很远，我留着只会招贼。教授您要是觉得过意不去，制作出成品后可以送我一两三五张，我不嫌多。”
Wang Ye waved his hand: "Level 9 is still far away, and I will only attract thieves if I keep it." Professor, if you don't want to go, you can give me one, two, three, or five after you make the finished product, I don't have too much. ”
兰道淡定了，一巴掌又拍在臭小子的后脑勺上：“还三五张？你以为九级卷轴制作的成功率有多高？有一张给你，你就偷着乐吧。”
Landau calmed down, and slapped the back of the stinky boy's head again: "Three or five?" How high do you think the success rate of level 9 scroll making is? There's one for you, and you're going to have fun. ”
“嘿嘿，教授，您这么厉害，成功率肯定能达到一半以上。”王叶小小拍了一击马屁，又道：“对了，我在那个秘境中进入了知识之塔，在那里学到一些我们学校图书馆和您都没有教过的卷轴知识。我有些地方还不是很懂，教授您给我讲讲吧。”
"Hehe, Professor, you are so powerful, the success rate will definitely reach more than half." Wang Ye slapped his ass slightly, and said, "By the way, I entered the Tower of Knowledge in that secret realm, and learned some scroll knowledge that neither our school library nor you taught. There are some things I don't know very well, so tell me about them, professor. ”
“好啊。”兰道整个人都明亮了起来，比起九级空白卷轴和墨水这样的礼物，他更喜欢小家伙现在要跟他交流的。
"Okay." Landau's whole body brightened, and he preferred what the little guy was going to communicate with him now than gifts like ninth-level blank scrolls and ink.
王叶真的有不少问题，他的卷轴基础到底没有药剂基础牢靠，不能触类旁通，有些地方理解得就很艰涩，哪怕能照着样子制作出来，原理却不是很明白。
Wang Ye really has a lot of problems, his scroll foundation is not as solid as the potion foundation, and he can't touch the analogy, and some places are very difficult to understand, even if he can make it according to the way, the principle is not very clear.
尤其到四级以后，没有老师在一边指点，很多知识点他都是囫囵吞枣地理解，卷轴等级越高，他积累的问题就越多。
Especially after the fourth level, there is no teacher to guide him, and he understands many knowledge points in a hurry, and the higher the level of the scroll, the more problems he accumulates.
兰道是真正浸润在卷轴的知识海洋里，他对任何一个微小知识点都理解得非常透彻，也就是基础打得特别牢。
Landau is truly immersed in the ocean of knowledge of the scroll, and he understands every tiny knowledge point very thoroughly, that is, the foundation is particularly solid.
王叶缺基础，兰道缺当年断层的卷轴知识。
这两人遇到一起，那真的是干柴遇烈火，“请教”开了头就停不下来。
When these two people met together, it was really dry firewood and fire, and they couldn't stop when they started to "ask for advice".
雷木看着兰道教授，心中感觉怪怪的。 Remu looked at Professor Landau and felt strange in his heart.
他听小叶子提过这位教授，但真见面还是第一次。 He had heard Xiao Yezi mention the professor, but it was the first time he had actually met.
虽然隔着空间，但小叶子打开了虫巢和外面空间的联系，让他能直接感受到那位教授的气息。
Although separated by space, Xiao Ye opened the connection between the hive and the outside space, allowing him to directly feel the breath of the professor.
他也说不出来，总之，他一看到这位大美人，在感觉到对方气息的一瞬间，心里就冒出一种特别怪的感觉。
He couldn't say it, in short, as soon as he saw this big beauty, the moment he felt the breath of the other party, a particularly strange feeling appeared in his heart.
兰道对空间不敏感，完全没有注意到王叶身上还藏着一个特别的能装活物的空间，他在听到王叶的几个问题后，一改之前的云淡风轻，急不可耐地拉着王叶就使用瞬移魔法回到自己研究室。
Landau was not sensitive to space, and he didn't notice that Wang Ye still had a special space that could hold living creatures on his body, and after hearing a few questions from Wang Ye, he changed his previous cloud and lightness, and impatiently pulled Wang Ye back to his research room using teleportation magic.
他有好些地方都亟待验证。 He has a number of things that need to be verified.
王叶刚到兰道教授的研究室，就听到一声来自邮箱的特别提醒声。
As soon as Wang Ye arrived at Professor Landau's laboratory, he heard a special reminder from the mailbox.
是他姑姑的来信。 It was a letter from his aunt.
王叶顺手就打开了邮箱。 Wang Ye opened the mailbox easily.
他姑惯例在信中询问他身体如何，过得好不好、累不累，让他不用担心家里，还反过来叮嘱他不要在游戏中暴露自己的身份。
In the letter, his aunt asked him how he was doing, how he was doing, whether he was tired, so that he didn't have to worry about his family, and in turn told him not to reveal his identity in the game.
王叶莞尔，一口气读到信件最后： Wang Yeguan'er read the letter at the end of the letter in one breath:
“小叶子，后天就是期末考，你要回来考试吗？学校说了，你不去上学可以，但必须参加期末考试，否则你就只能留级了。”
"Xiao Yezi, the day after tomorrow is the final exam, do you want to come back for the exam? The school said that it was okay if you didn't go to school, but you had to take the final exam, otherwise you would have to repeat a grade. ”
王叶凝固：……期末考？小学期末考？ King leaf solidification: ...... Final exams? Semester final exams?
坏了，我现在读几年级来着？ Oh no, what grade am I in now?
第184章 小学考试 Chapter 184: Elementary School Exams
王叶撞墙，他想起来了，他还在读小学二年级！ Wang Ye hit the wall, he remembered, he was still in the second grade of primary school!
没办法，因为老王不让他上学，他比同龄孩子迟了一年才读一年级。
There was no way, because Lao Wang didn't let him go to school, and he didn't start the first grade a year later than other children of the same age.
考试肯定是要考的，哪怕只是过去背背鹅鹅鹅，做做一百以下的加减乘除心算，回答一些常识问题，他也必·须·去。
The exam must be tested, even if it is just a goose in the past, doing mental arithmetic of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division below a hundred, and answering some common sense questions, he must go.
上学既是他的权力，也是他的义务，他要不想给他姑找麻烦，至少要让学校老师知道他不是完全抛弃学业。
Going to school is both his right and his obligation, and if he doesn't want to make trouble for his aunt, he must at least let the school teachers know that he has not completely abandoned his studies.
“你好好地往墙上撞干什么？”兰道教授一副要给他找药吃的神情。
"What are you doing slamming into the wall?" Professor Landau looked like he was going to find him some medicine.
“唉，甭提了，我刚刚发现一个世界级别的预备大佬竟然还是只小学鸡，二年级那种。”王小叶一脸怅然。
"Alas, Sensei, I just found out that a world-level prep boss is still an elementary school chicken, the second-grade kind." Wang Xiaoye looked stunned.
兰道教授：“……你不是才一年级吗？” Professor Landau: "...... Aren't you only in the first grade? ”
Duang！如今才意识到他好像越混越回去的一年级小朋友用力揉揉自己的脸：“教授，我想起来我还有点事，明天得出门一趟，后天晚上回来，最迟大后天早上。”
Duang！ Now I realized that he seemed to be going back more and more to the first-grade children rubbing their faces vigorously: "Professor, I remember that I still have some business, I have to go out tomorrow, and I will come back the night after tomorrow, and the morning after tomorrow at the latest." ”
兰道皱眉：“你有什么事？马上就要大比了，你最好这几天都跟着我，你的基础还不够牢。”
Landau frowned: "What's the matter with you?" It's going to be a big competition soon, you'd better follow me these days, your foundation is not strong enough. ”
“很重要的事。如果让人知道世界第一不但才小学二年级，考试还不及格，大家会幻灭的，会成为黑历史。”王叶表情认真无比。
"Very important thing. If people know that the world's No. 1 is only in the second grade of primary school, but also fails the exam, everyone will be disillusioned and will become black history. Wang Ye's expression was extremely serious.
“说什么古怪话，脑子也被人揍了吗？”兰道摇摇头：“行了。到你出发前，你就待在我这儿，我需要知道你现在掌握到了什么程度。”
"What weird things are you talking about, have you been beaten in the head?" Landau shook his head: "Okay." You'll stay with me until you go, and I need to know how much you've mastered now. ”
“好。”王叶原本还要去见见虫老和副校长，他给两人都带了礼物，但现在只能往后压一压了。
"Okay." Wang Ye originally wanted to meet the insect elder and the vice principal, and he brought gifts to both of them, but now he could only press back.
等着王叶来觐见的虫老：“……”人呢？ The insect elder waiting for Wang Ye to come to see him: "What about the "......" people?
虫老郁闷，他要脸，就没去后山接那小子。现在看来，那小兔崽子肯定被兰道给劫走了。
The old worm was depressed, he wanted face, so he didn't go to the back mountain to pick up the kid. Now it seems that the little rabbit cub must have been robbed by Landau.
偏偏覃副校长还在这时候联系他，水晶球一亮，张口就问他：“王叶呢？我到后山没看见他，他在你那儿吗？”
However, Vice Principal Qin was still contacting him at this time, and as soon as the crystal ball lit up, he opened his mouth and asked him, "What about Wang Ye?" I didn't see him when I got to the back mountain, is he there with you? ”
虫老：“……” Worm Boss: "......"
覃副校长：“不在是吗，我去找兰道问问。” Vice Principal Qin: "Isn't it here, I'll go to Landau and ask." ”
说完人影就从水晶球消失了。 With that, the figure disappeared from the crystal ball.
虫老：不要问他为什么会生出一种爷爷要跟爸爸妈妈抢孙子，结果孙子先被孩子妈给接走的错觉！
Worm Lao: Don't ask him why he has the illusion that a grandfather wants to snatch his grandson from his parents, but the grandson is picked up by the child's mother first!
王叶不知道兰道是怎么打发了副校长和虫老，反正他在回地球之前都没见到这两位。
Wang Ye didn't know how Lan Dao sent the vice principal and the worm elder, anyway, he hadn't seen these two before returning to Earth.
但他给那两位分别传了消息。 But he sent a message to the two of them.
给虫老：老头，这两天有点事，我先侍候大美人，后天回你那儿，记得准备好吃好喝地等着我啊，我这次可惨了~
To the insect elder: Old man, there is something going on in the past two days, I will wait for the big beauty first, and then I will go back to you the day after tomorrow, remember to wait for me with food and drink, I am miserable this time~
给覃副校长：知道您事务繁忙，您看您大后天以后哪天方便，我去拜访您。
To Vice President Qin: Knowing that you are busy with affairs, I will visit you when it is convenient for you the day after tomorrow.
虫老看到信息，嘴上骂：“小兔崽子！”但眼中的笑，藏都藏不住。
When the worm saw the information, he scolded: "Little rabbit! But the smile in his eyes can't be hidden.
覃副校长：能预约时间上门拜访，真是好孩子啊。 Vice President Qin: It's a good kid to be able to make an appointment to visit.
窥见两条信息内容的雷木：这远近亲疏可真是清楚明了。
Lei Mu, who glimpsed the content of two messages: This distance between relatives and relatives is really clear and clear.
王叶这边提前一天回了地球。 Wang Ye returned to Earth a day early.
“叶子，你回来了！”王沐正好在客厅，听到王叶房间里传来声响，就跑了过来。
"Yezi, you're back!" Wang Mu happened to be in the living room when he heard a sound from Wang Ye's room, so he ran over.
王叶也是故意弄出声响。 Wang Ye also deliberately made a sound.
他们家房子已经装修好，用的都是王叶亲自鉴定过的环保材料，至少是他从市面上能找到的最好环保材料。
Their house has been renovated, and they use environmentally friendly materials that Wang Ye has personally identified, at least the best environmentally friendly materials he can find on the market.
王叶在房子装修好后，还特地回来帮他姑搬家，并在两套房子中都施展了清除有害物质的清洁魔法。
After the house was renovated, Wang Ye also came back to help his aunt move, and performed the cleaning magic of removing harmful substances in both houses.
魔力在地球被大大削弱，但可以借用魔晶来施展。 Mana is greatly weakened on Earth, but can be cast with magic crystals.
王叶还在家里布置了防盗的魔法阵，只要对他姑和对这套房子怀有恶意的人，接近他们家房子半米范围内就会不停做噩梦，醒着都会直接进入白日噩梦状态，直到从他们家吓跑或远离他们家。
Wang Ye also arranged an anti-theft magic array at home, as long as he was close to his aunt and people who had malicious intentions towards this house, he would keep having nightmares within half a meter of their house, and he would directly enter a nightmare state when he was awake, until he was scared away from their house or away from their house.
在王沐的强烈要求下，虽然两套房子都装修好了，但王叶仍旧和他姑住在一套房内，反正房子大，两人各自的卧室都朝南，还都自带卫生间，中间隔着客厅，互不干扰，住起来舒服又方便。
Under Wang Mu's strong request, although the two houses have been renovated, Wang Ye still lives in the same suite with his aunt, anyway, the house is big, the bedrooms of the two are facing south, and they both have their own bathrooms, separated by living rooms, which do not interfere with each other, and it is comfortable and convenient to live.
没有心理负担、生活也没有压力，加上王叶时不时带些好东西投喂他姑，大半年下来，王沐看着不像是三十后半，倒像是二十后半。
There is no psychological burden, no pressure in life, and Wang Ye brings some good things to feed his aunt from time to time, for most of the year, Wang Mu doesn't look like he is in his late thirties, but like he is in his twenties.
“姑，你看起来又年轻了。”王叶抬头笑。 "Aunt, you look young again." Wang Ye raised his head and smiled.
王沐也跟着笑起来，摸了摸自己的脸说：“你带的那个药泥是真好，好多人都想跟我买。那些用过的药泥，我按照你说的，都没扔，全都用来当底基，放在阳台花盆里种什么活什么，那些鸡毛菜啦、薄荷啦、青椒和西红柿都长得特别好。吃起来味道也好，比外面买的好吃。”
Wang Mu also laughed, touched his face and said, "The medicinal mud you brought is really good, many people want to buy it from me." The used medicinal mud, I didn't throw it away according to what you said, all of it was used as a base, and it was planted in a balcony pot, and those chicken hairy vegetables, mint, green peppers and tomatoes all grew very well. It tastes good, too, and it's better than buying outside. ”
“那是。这次我还带了一些培养液回来，你要在家没事，可以多种一点蔬果，吃了对你有好处。”王叶不敢随便给他姑用药，他姑的身体可不是游戏中的身体，还没进入超凡者之境，不能随便乱补。
"That's it. This time I also brought some culture liquid back, if you want to be okay at home, you can grow a little more fruits and vegetables, eating it will be good for you. "Wang Ye didn't dare to give his aunt medicine casually, his aunt's body was not the body in the game, and she hadn't entered the realm of the transcendent yet, so she couldn't make up for it casually.
给她吃能缓慢改变体质的蔬菜瓜果，是最适合，也最温和的。
It is the most suitable and gentle to give her vegetables and fruits that can slowly change her physique.
“好，好，我多种一点，正好隔壁房子空着也是空着，我把那边阳台都种满，还有中间的阳光房也种上。”王沐兴致勃勃。
"Okay, okay, I'll plant a little more, it just so happens that the house next door is empty, and I planted all the balconies over there, and the sun room in the middle is also planted." Wang Mu was full of interest.
他们买的是顶楼两套房，两套房中间还有一个平台，王叶做主让装修工人把两家平台的隔墙打开，搞了一个半封闭的大阳光房，平时可以在上面烧烤，同样也可以种花种草。
They bought two suites on the top floor, and there was a platform in the middle of the two suites, and Wang Ye asked the decoration workers to open the partition wall of the two platforms and make a semi-enclosed large sun room, on which you can usually barbecue, and you can also plant flowers and grass.
“那等会儿我找人去买点大型花盆和营养土回来。”王叶道。
"Then I'll find someone to buy some large flower pots and nutrient soil later." Wang Ye said.
“不用，这点小事我来就成。”王沐用力摆手。 "No, I'll do this little thing." Wang Mu waved his hand vigorously.
王叶很高兴，他姑看起来真的和以前不一样了，和上辈子更不一样，整个人都充满了活力。
Wang Ye was very happy, his aunt really looked different from before, even more different from the previous life, and the whole person was full of vitality.
“这次你师兄也没有跟你回来？”王沐左看右看，没看到那位大帅哥，有点失望。
"Your senior brother didn't come back with you this time?" Wang Mu looked left and right, didn't see the handsome guy, and was a little disappointed.
王叶吃吃笑：“师兄这段时间一直在外面做任务，今天上午刚回来就被学院的教授抓走了。”
Wang Ye laughed: "Senior brother has been doing tasks outside during this time, and he was arrested by the professor of the academy as soon as he came back this morning. ”
在他不知道的时候，雷木在炼金学院混得可比他好多了，已经被学院教授当做种子学生培养。据说今年炼金学院的新生实力比较平均，学校教授正在为选谁去参加各校大比而头疼。
When he didn't know it, Lei Mu was much better than him in the Alchemy Academy, and he had been cultivated as a seed student by the academy professor. It is said that the strength of the new students in the Alchemy Academy this year is relatively average, and the professors of the school are having a headache about who to choose to participate in the competition of each school.
雷木一回来刚露脸就被喊走，就是被教授要求去参加炼金专业等级考试。
As soon as Lei Mu came back, he was called away as soon as he showed his face, that is, he was asked by the professor to take the alchemy professional level exam.
王叶也直到这个时候才知道想要参加学校大比有两种方式，一种是由教授推荐，这种可以直接参加大比。
Wang Ye didn't know until this time that there were two ways to participate in the school competition, one was recommended by the professor, and this kind of direct participation could be participated.
还有一种则是必须在学校内先参加各专业的等级考试，最后从六年级以下的学生中选出两到三名专业级别最高的学生，再给他们报名。
Another is that you must first take the graded exams for each major in the school, and finally select two or three students with the highest professional level from the students below the sixth grade and then register them.
而选出来的学生只要肯报名，就会有五百学分奖励。如果能为学校争得名次，除了大比给出的奖励，学校还会额外奖励相应学分。
As long as the selected students are willing to sign up, they will be rewarded with 500 credits. If you can win the ranking for the school, in addition to the rewards given by Dabi, the school will also award the corresponding credits.
为此很多学生哪怕不想去参加大比，为了学分也会拼命。
For this reason, many students will work hard for credits even if they don't want to participate in the big competition.
“学院？教授？”王沐疑惑。 "Academy? Professor? Wang Mu was puzzled.
“哦，我们那儿是个综合性学校。”王叶含糊道。 "Oh, we're a comprehensive school there." Wang Ye said vaguely.
王沐听得却更为放心，一个综合学校听起来可比一两个师父带一群徒弟靠谱多了。
Wang Mu was even more relieved when he heard it, a comprehensive school sounded much more reliable than one or two masters with a group of apprentices.
“对了，你回来是要参加考试的吧？你们班主任又发信息来了。”王沐从手机里把王叶班主任发的信息调出来给他看。
"By the way, you're coming back to take the exam, right? Your homeroom teacher has sent another message. Wang Mu called up the message sent by Wang Ye's head teacher from his mobile phone to show him.
班主任李老师很委婉地表示已经有两个学期没有看到王叶的身影，对他很是担心。并提到希望能在期末游乐会（口试）中看到王叶，了解一下他的具体情况。
Mr. Li, the head teacher, said very tactfully that he had not seen Wang Ye for two semesters, and he was very worried about him. He also mentioned that he hoped to see Wang Ye in the final recreation party (oral examination) to learn about his specific situation.
当初王叶让他姑去学校帮忙办的病假，医院根据他当时的伤势给他开了病假条。
At the beginning, Wang Ye asked his aunt to go to the school to help with sick leave, and the hospital issued him a sick note based on his injuries at the time.
两个学期过去，他的病怎么也应该好了，李老师也不是第一次联系他姑，都给他姑搪塞了过去。
Two semesters have passed, and his illness should have been cured, and it was not the first time that Mr. Li contacted his aunt, and he prevaricated to his aunt.
但长期搪塞肯定不行，总要有个说法。 But long-term prevarication will definitely not work, there must always be an explanation.
而且可能是因为上辈子没能好好上学的缘故，重生后王叶还是挺喜欢学习的，只要有可能，他也希望能顺顺利利地一路读到大学，如果能读个博士出来，他姑肯定高兴。
And maybe because he didn't go to school well in his previous life, Wang Ye still likes to study after being reborn, as long as possible, he also hopes to study all the way to university smoothly, if he can study for a doctorate, his aunt will definitely be happy.
只不过因为“游戏”的缘故，他无法长期待在学校，好在他这辈子的学习能力比上辈子强得多，变态的记忆力可以为他大大减轻学习负担。
It's just that because of the "game", he can't stay in school for a long time, but fortunately, his learning ability in this life is much stronger than in his previous life, and his perverted memory can greatly reduce his learning burden.
家里只有一二年级的课本，王叶当天下午就去了本市最大的书店，在那里找到小学一年级到六年级的绝大多数课本，从头到尾翻了一遍。
Wang Ye went to the city's largest bookstore that afternoon, where he found most of the textbooks from the first grade to the sixth grade of primary school, and flipped through them from beginning to end.
以为他会就这么跑去裸考？ Thought he would just run away for the naked exam?
out了吧。 It's out.
他，王叶，目前排名世界第一的预备大佬，未来的风云人物，这次重生归来怎么可能继续做个学渣？
He, Wang Ye, the current No. 1 in the world, the reserve boss, the future man of the hour, how can he continue to be a scumbag after returning from rebirth this time?
他不要面子的吗？ Does he not want to lose face?
要么不考，要考当然考最好！ Either you don't take the test, but if you want to take the test, of course it's the best!
而且一级级读小学太麻烦了，他打算把小学直接跳过去，所以更得考个超级好的成绩。
And it's too troublesome to go to primary school at the first level, and he plans to skip primary school directly, so he has to get a super good score.
他还记得上辈子他进入社会后想要重新学习，却发现连小学生都会的数学题都做不出来。
He still remembers that in his previous life, he wanted to re-study after entering the society, but found that he couldn't do even the math problems that elementary school students knew.
而且现在华夏讲究素质教育，比起背书，更希望学校能开发孩子们的大脑、开拓他们的思维，所以从小学开始，就多了很多逻辑思考题和社会时事题。
Moreover, now Huaxia pays attention to quality education, and hopes that the school can develop children's brains and expand their thinking rather than endorsement, so since primary school, there are many more logical thinking questions and social current affairs questions.
各科教材更是经常更换内容，如果他仗着成年人智商，只凭脑中记忆去考试……呵！就等着考完挂墙头吧。
The content of the textbooks of various subjects is often changed, if he relies on the IQ of an adult and only relies on the memory in his head to take the exam...... Scold! Just wait for the exam to be over the wall.
在书店里看书的小孩子很多，王叶的行为并没有引起别人注意，只是他的阅读速度不像是在看书，而是在翻书。
There are many children reading books in the bookstore, and Wang Ye's behavior did not attract the attention of others, but his reading speed is not like reading a book, but turning a book.
晚上，王叶出门大采购，买了很多吃的用的放入虫巢。 In the evening, Wang Ye went out to buy a lot of food and put it into the hive.
但雷木、金宝、小树人、小光和虫群，还有疯药王和靳蜘蛛，全都不在虫巢内，包括靳元辉的本体。
But Lei Mu, Jin Bao, Xiao Shuren, Xiao Guang and the insect swarm, as well as the Mad Medicine King and Jin Spider, are all not in the insect nest, including Jin Yuanhui's body.
这次也算是一个实验，到了约定时间，雷木也没出现，说明雷木自由进出虫巢也有距离限制。从双月星到地球，显然这个距离太远太远。
This time is also an experiment, and at the appointed time, Lei Mu did not appear, indicating that Lei Mu also has a distance limit for entering and leaving the hive freely. From the Twin Moon to the Earth, it is clear that this distance is too far and too far.
王叶：来回两万点经验值，看来是省不掉了，哼哼。 Wang Ye: 20,000 experience points back and forth, it seems that it can't be saved, hum.
疯药王和靳蜘蛛被王叶转移到他在学校的独栋宿舍中时还莫名所以。
The Mad Medicine King and Jin Spider were still inexplicable when Wang Ye transferred them to his single-family dormitory at the school.
王叶叮嘱小树人不要乱跑，金宝一天到晚跟着雷木，倒不用特别担心，王叶又叮嘱小光和虫群看好家里这些老老小小，这才只身返回地球。
Wang Ye told the little tree people not to run around, Jinbao followed Lei Mu all day long, but there was no need to worry, Wang Ye told Xiaoguang and the insect swarm to take care of these old and young people at home, and then returned to the earth alone.
没办法，活的智慧生物想要带回地球，每一个来回都要两万点经验值，太贵！
There is no way, if the living intelligent creatures want to bring them back to the earth, they will cost 20,000 experience points for each round trip, which is too expensive!
家里也就贝贝和小角好一点，它们有自己的意识，但又不算是智慧生物。而且这两只太宅，贝贝偶尔还醒一醒动一动，小角则像是永远沉眠中。
At home, Bei Bei and Xiao Jiao are a little better, they have their own consciousness, but they are not intelligent creatures. And these two too houses, Bei Bei occasionally wakes up and moves, and the little horn seems to be sleeping forever.
王叶在地球睡了一个好觉，从晚上十点一直睡到第二天七点才起来。
Wang Ye had a good night's sleep on Earth, sleeping from ten o'clock in the evening until seven o'clock the next day.
王沐起得更早，给他把早饭和书包全都准备好了。 Wang Mu got up earlier and prepared breakfast and schoolbag for him.
王叶吃过早饭，竟然一时想不起来自己的学校在哪儿了，幸好他姑一定要送他去学校。
Wang Ye had breakfast, and he couldn't remember where his school was for a while, but fortunately, his aunt had to send him to school.
王叶也需要他姑去一趟，毕竟今天他就要用成绩来和学校谈判跳级的事。
Wang Ye also needs his aunt to go, after all, he has to use his grades to negotiate with the school about skipping a grade today.
到了学校，李老师看到王叶出现在办公室，愣了半天。 When he arrived at the school, Teacher Li was stunned for a long time when he saw Wang Ye appear in the office.
李老师没能认出王叶。 Teacher Li failed to recognize Wang Ye.
一来，他已经将近两个学期都没有看到王叶。 First, he hadn't seen Wang Ye for nearly two semesters.
二来，王叶的衣着、发型和气质全都改变了。 Second, Wang Ye's clothes, hairstyle, and temperament have all changed.
三来，小孩子长得快，王叶这十个月特别注重养身，虫蜜都不知道吃了多少，那身体真的是被他养得倍儿棒！不但小脸蛋有了点肉，身上也有了薄薄一层肌肉，个头更窜高了一些。
Third, children grow up fast, Wang Ye has paid special attention to self-cultivation in the past ten months, and he doesn't know how much he has eaten, and his body is really raised by him! Not only does the little face have a little meat, but the body also has a thin layer of muscles, and the height is a little taller.
就这么前后一变化，李老师要是还能认出王叶那就怪了。
It's changed like this, it would be strange if Mr. Li could still recognize Wang Ye.
当王叶主动说明自己的身份，李老师惊讶得喉咙里的小舌头都能看到。
When Wang Ye took the initiative to explain his identity, Mr. Li was so surprised that the little tongue in his throat could see it.
“你是王叶？” "Are you Wang Ye?"
怎么可能？！ How can it be?!
李老师还记得王叶，可她印象中那个孩子整个人阴沉沉的，看谁的眼神都像在挑衅，满身满脸都写满了拒绝，拒绝和同学亲近，拒绝和老师和同学交流，拒绝周围的一切。
说真话，李老师对王叶的印象并不好。尤其在王叶父亲亲口告诉他们，说他们家生活困难，没办法给小孩更好的生活，小孩的衣服鞋袜才会比较陈旧，平时也没什么零花钱，而就因为这点，他这儿子就特别仇恨他。
王叶父亲还说他这个儿子小小年纪不学好，不但喜欢说谎，还喜欢小偷小摸，脾气还古怪，很可能具有反社会人格，让学校老师多多管教并多多包涵。
学校那么多学生，学校老师怎么可能把每个学生都顾得过来？
也许是先入为主的缘故，各位老师对王叶的印象就没有一个好的。实在是那孩子看着真的没有半点小孩子的天真可爱，反而像是随时随地都要给人找麻烦，看人的眼神也十分阴狠。
在老师们眼中，桀骜又孤僻不合群的王叶就是个难管的小刺头。
直到去年秋天，王叶的姑姑王沐来到学校，帮助王叶请病假。整个办公室的老师都听到了这可怜女人的哭诉，老师们也才知道小小的王叶为什么会是那个样子，平日又过着怎样凄惨的日子。
听说王叶日常被他父亲虐待，这次更被他父亲打破了脑袋还打断了手臂，血流了满地差点死掉。好些老师眼圈都红了。
作为班主任的李老师最为难过，她认为是自己工作疏忽了，才会没有注意到王叶的异常。
因为这份悔恨，让李老师之后非常在意王叶的学业，也更加注重班上学生的家庭情况和孩子们的身心状态。
王叶在家长期修养，李老师就经常联系王叶的姑姑，想了解王叶的身体情况和学习情况。
她还想去王家家访，但王沐以搬家和装修繁忙为名婉拒了。
李老师越发担心王叶，这次就干脆用期末考试作为借口，几次催促王叶的姑姑。并隐约透露出王叶要是再不露脸，她不但要家访，还要请社会儿童福利保障局来调查王叶的生活情况。
李老师不是威胁，她是真打算这么做。尤其在她辗转打听到王叶那个父亲因为醉酒脑溢血成为植物人，而王叶的新监护人王沐竟然有精神病史后。
李老师猜到王叶有七成可能出现，但她怎么也没想到那个王叶就像是换了一个人。
小孩脸上再也没有那满满的负面情绪，看人的眼神虽然还是有点挑衅感，但已经不会让人感到毛骨悚然。
最重要的是这个孩子浑身都洋溢着“我很幸福、我很快乐”的光芒。
真的，李老师看着背对着阳光而立的男孩，觉得男孩整个人都在发光。
就是王叶的姑姑，当初那个在教室里哭得眼泪鼻涕流满脸，整个人看起来苍老又有些神经质的女人也变了。
如果不是王沐主动介绍她就是王叶的姑姑，这个办公室中的所有老师也认不出她是谁。
当这一大一小踏入办公室时，包括李老师在内，所有老师都以为这是一对生活在中等阶层的母子俩。
母亲年轻气质好，儿子健康帅气还有点坏男孩的小邪魅，真的是非常吸引人的一对母子。
“你们……”李老师站起身。
王沐上前，握住李老师的手：“我们现在过得很好，王叶也很好，老师您现在看到他，可以放心了吧？我真没把他藏起来，这孩子也没在外面混社会。他就算想去混，他这么小，人家也不肯要他啊。”
办公室里的老师们一起笑起来。
王沐也笑道：“这孩子伤好后就不太想要接触其他人，是一位教传统文化的老先生一直带着他，那位老先生不但教授他功课，更注重培养这孩子的性格和情操，总算让这孩子走出来了。”
王叶对李老师展颜一笑。上辈子小时候他恨天恨地谁都恨，长大后才想明白，人老师已经尽到本分，且又没吃你的喝你的，凭什么要把你整个人生都负担起来？
何况人家已经做到自己责任范围内的事情。
而且上辈子他的事情闹出来后，这位李老师异常自责，去福利院看过他很多次，还试图把他拉回学校。
不过王叶当时是真的不想上学，就躲着这位老师走了。
李老师看着精精神神的王小叶，露出欣慰笑容：“太好了，真的太好了。”
“李老师，谢谢您，让您担心了。我这次来，除了参加学校考试，我还想申请跳级考试。”王叶无意煽情，很直接地说出了他的目的。
第185章 保学籍、病发
李老师以为王叶想要跳到三年级，她想说现在不流行跳级，教育局并不想出现一堆高分低能的“神童”，不想拔苗助长，更不希望小孩子只知道学习。
在学校上课除了学习知识，更重要的是学会和他人相处，体会集体精神，不和社会脱节，对孩童的性格塑造也有极大好处。
但王叶都不想来上学，这些上学的好处自然对他没有用处。
李老师劝了几句，但王叶态度很坚决，他姑又是一副全都听孩子的模样，李老师无奈，就把教导主任叫来了。
教导主任遇到这种事很想说你要真不想来上学，没人会逼迫你，爱来不来。
但作为教育工作者，他当然不能这么说，会被投诉的好吧。
教导主任就表示跳级也要看你个人能力，先做几张卷子吧。
王叶也不太适应这种场合，很奇怪，他能在虫老、兰道等人面前肆意得像个真的九岁孩子，但回到地球，他却有种说不出来的别扭感。
好像过去那个受虐长大满心怨恨满身阴霾连学也不肯再上的混混王叶重新附到了他身上，拖着他，提醒着他，不让他去做那个重生后开始体会到阳光和快乐的王小叶。
王叶也懒得伪装小孩，直接用成年人的态度说他想做六年级的卷子。
教导主任脸皮抽了抽，也不好出言打击这个据说心性古怪的受虐儿童。虽然这孩子目前看着不像是过去那样，但印象一旦形成，就很难改变。
教导主任又不像李老师那么感性，他只觉得王叶这种学生很麻烦。
正逢期末考，卷子都不用另外找，很快就有老师拿来了三年级的试卷。
王叶当天就在学校会议室做了大半天的卷子，从三年级一路做到了六年级的。
数学卷子，如果不计算王叶忽略解题思路，直接写出答案这点而扣的分，他张张都考了满分。
语文卷子，作文和阅读理解是王叶的弱项，但好在成年人思维写的文章再怎么干巴巴也比绝大多数九岁小孩子要成熟，至于阅读理解那就是浮云，但撇除这两项，语文卷子也算高分通过。
教导主任包括教语文的老师们在批改卷子后最为吃惊的就是王叶竟然把填空题和分析题都做了出来。这可不止是会认字就行，你得把课本内容记牢才可能做出这些题目。
有几题还是让学生默写一篇课文中的片段，这种考试题通常都是让学生最头疼的，也是很难得到满分的一题。
但王叶竟然一字没错地全都默写了出来。
外语卷子，同样是作文无法满分，但死记硬背的问题都没出错。就是听力考也顺利过关。语法问题上有些答案貌似不太标准，但英语老师看了表示这种答法也不算出错。
王叶：上辈子的我连游戏内的通用语都学会了，更何况地球几个常用外语。
Wang Ye: In my previous life, I even learned the lingua franca in the game, not to mention the several commonly used foreign languages on Earth.
学外语对于精神力强大的人来说真的不是难事。
教导主任不同意让王叶跳级，就去找了校长。
校长闻言就过来查看这个几近辍学的小学二年级生的情况。
最后所有考试结果出来，整体而言，王叶的成绩都达到了九十分以上。
这个成绩，小升初是绝对够了。
但校长为难啊，现在教育局基本不支持处在义务教学年龄的孩子跳级。
当然，人们也不得不承认有些孩子的智商和天赋真的很高，他们看一遍就会的问题，可能普通孩子要学习几十几百遍，让这些小天才勉强和同龄孩子一起学习，对他们也是一种折磨。
“你说你以后无法正常来学校上课，因为你拜了一位师父？”校长问。
"You said you won't be able to come to school normally in the future because you worshipped a master?" The principal asked.
王叶：“是。” Wang Ye: "Yes." ”
“他有联系方式吗？在哪里任职？具体教什么？”校长眉头紧皱，他觉得这个师父很不靠谱，哪有不让孩子上学就自己教的？
"Does he have contact information? Where to serve? What exactly is taught? The principal frowned, he felt that this master was very unreliable, how could he teach his own without letting his children go to school?
王叶干巴巴地道：“不是他老人家不想让我上学，是我自己不想上。我希望把时间都花在学习医学上。”
Wang Ye said dryly: "It's not that his old man doesn't want me to go to school, it's that I don't want to go to school." I want to spend all my time studying medicine. ”
“医学？你在学医？华夏传统医术，还是西医？” "Medicine? Are you studying medicine? Traditional Chinese medicine or Western medicine? ”
“两者都学，先学华夏传统医术打底，再学西医，包括药学。”
"Learn both, first learn traditional Chinese medicine to lay the foundation, and then learn Western medicine, including pharmacy."
校长捂额，觉得这孩子有点夸张，头疼道：“我不反对你跟随你这位师父学习医术，但学校还是要来上的，学校除了学习知识以外，还有体育锻炼，以及各种素质教育，课外活动……”
The principal covered his forehead, feeling that this child was a bit exaggerated, and said with a headache: "I have no objection to you following your master to learn medical skills, but the school still has to come, in addition to learning knowledge, the school also has physical exercise, as well as various quality education, extracurricular activities, ......"
“校长，您说的那些，包括素质教育在内，师父都有教我。我就明白跟您说吧，我不擅长和同龄人相处，我父亲……那个样子，我很担心我会因为一时暴怒而出手伤人，离开同龄人环境，对同学们安全，也能让我平静。”
"Headmaster, what you said, including quality education, Master has taught me. I understand that I'm not good at getting along with my peers, my father...... At that moment, I was worried that I would hurt others because of a moment of anger, and leaving my peers would be safe for my classmates and calm me. ”
校长沉默不语。 The headmaster was silent.
王叶想了想，决定多展示一点自己的“素质教育”成就，就说道：“我师父是传统医者，他也有教我一些传统体育项目，比如武术。”
Wang Ye thought about it for a while and decided to show a little more of his achievements in "quality education", so he said: "My master is a traditional healer, and he also taught me some traditional sports, such as martial arts. ”
“哦？” "Oh?"
“我可以练给您看看。”王叶道。 "I can show you the practice." Wang Ye said.
校长看看王叶，又看看他姑王沐。 The principal looked at Wang Ye, and then at his aunt Wang Mu.
他忽然发现自从刚才开始，他似乎就一直在和王叶对话，而不是他的监护人王沐。
He suddenly realized that since just now, he seemed to have been talking to Wang Ye, not his guardian Wang Mu.
这孩子明明才九岁，说话却一点都不像是孩童。如果单从思考能力和学习能力来看，这孩子确实比同龄人早熟得多。
The child was only nine years old, but he didn't speak like a child at all. Judging from the ability to think and learn alone, this child is indeed much more precocious than his peers.
这样的孩子待在同龄人中只会格格不入。再考虑到他父亲的心性和他姑姑的精神病史……
Such a child will only be out of place among his peers. Then consider his father's heart and his aunt's history of mental illness......
教导主任心里好笑，忍不住道：“你不是跟你师父学了武术吗？那就练练吧。”
The teaching director was amused in his heart, and couldn't help but say, "Didn't you learn martial arts from your master?" Then practice. ”
王叶点头，没有半点孩童的羞涩和畏缩，态度十分大方又自然，手掌在桌上一按，就跳到了又宽又长的会议桌上。
Wang Ye nodded, without the shyness and cringe of a child, his attitude was very generous and natural, and he pressed his palm on the table, and jumped onto the wide and long conference table.
校长、教导主任，还有王叶的班主任李老师，包括王沐在内，就看小孩在会议桌上闪展腾挪，竟当场打了一套拳脚。
The principal, the director of education, and Wang Ye's homeroom teacher, Mr. Li, including Wang Mu, watched the children flicker and move on the conference table, and they actually punched and kicked on the spot.
虽然校长等人不是专业人士，只能看个热闹。但就算看热闹，他们也能看出王叶这套拳脚绝不止练了几个月，那姿态特别矫健和优美，没有半点含糊，一看就是专业人士，而不是随便玩玩的素人。
Although the principal and others are not professionals, they can only watch the excitement. But even if they look at the excitement, they can see that Wang Ye's boxing and feet have not only been practiced for a few months, but his posture is particularly vigorous and beautiful, without the slightest ambiguity, and he is a professional at first glance, not an amateur who plays casually.
王叶忽然一个凌空竖踢，收势落地。 Wang Ye suddenly kicked in the air and landed on the ground.
整套动作，干净利落。 The whole set of movements, clean and neat.
而这么一套拳脚打下来，王小叶只脸色微红，并不见多少汗水，更没有剧烈喘息。
And after such a set of punches and kicks, Wang Xiaoye's face was only slightly red, and he didn't see much sweat, let alone wheezing violently.
“啪啪啪！”四个人的鼓掌却创造出了四十人的效果。 "Bang Bang!" The applause of four people creates the effect of forty people.
王沐还是第一次知道侄子竟然还会功夫，激动得要死，巴掌拍疼了都没感觉。
It was the first time that Wang Mu knew that his nephew could actually do kung fu, and he was so excited that he didn't feel it when his slap hurt.
校长也激动，这孩子如果留在学校，就凭这一套拳脚展示，绝对能从全国少年武术比赛之类的国家大比中夺得名次。
The principal was also excited, if this child stayed in school, with this set of punches and kicks, he would definitely be able to win the ranking from national competitions such as the National Youth Wushu Competition.
聪明功课好，体育还强。文武双全啊这是！ Smart homework is good, and sports are strong. Both civil and military, this is!
哎呀，越发不想让这孩子离开学校了。 Oops, I don't want this kid out of school anymore.
教导主任张大嘴……没想到这小孩竟然还真的会两招。 The Dean of Students opened his mouth wide...... I didn't expect this kid to really know how to do two tricks.
“好，非常好！”感性的李老师激动得直抹眼泪，不住说：“你给你父亲耽误了呀，如果你父亲能早点重视你……”
"Good, very good!" The emotional teacher Li was so excited that he wiped his tears, and couldn't help saying: "You delayed your father, if your father could have paid attention to you earlier......"
王沐冷笑：“那个人渣只关心自己，如果那时候让他知道小叶子是个天才，他能把小叶子当做赚钱工具。也幸好他从不关心小叶子，更不注重他的功课。据我所知，他早就想卖掉小叶子，也就是我盯着，他怕我看到小叶子失踪就报警才没敢动手。”
Wang Mu sneered: "That scumbag only cares about himself, if he knew that Xiao Yezi was a genius at that time, he could use Xiao Yezi as a money-making tool." Fortunately, he never cared about Xiao Yezi, let alone his homework. As far as I know, he has long wanted to sell Xiao Yezi, that is, I stared, and he didn't dare to do it because I was afraid that I would call the police when I saw Xiao Yezi missing. ”
李老师默然。她真的无法想象怎么会有老王那种父亲，如果换到一般家庭，有个这么优秀出色的儿子，一家人该有多高兴、多骄傲？
Teacher Li was silent. She really can't imagine how there can be a father like Lao Wang, if she changes to an ordinary family and has such an excellent son, how happy and proud the family should be?
校长和教导主任也在心中叹息。这样的孩子如果给他们家，那还不当绝世宝贝一样，绝对要什么给什么，还虐待呢，虐待自己还差不多。
The principal and dean of students also sighed in their hearts. If such a child is given to their home, it is not like a peerless baby, absolutely what to give, and abuse it, abusing himself is almost the same.
至于王叶之前在学校里表现平平，一年后就变得如此出色，这几位也没有感到太奇怪。
As for Wang Ye's mediocre performance in school before, and he became so good a year later, these people didn't feel too strange.
他们处在教育系统，真的没少见天分高的孩子。 They are in the education system, and there are really no rare talented children.
在他们想来王叶就是那种天生的天才，只是之前被他父亲虐待，他没有展现自己才能的舞台，也因为家庭拖累，导致他没办法专心学习。
In their minds, Wang Ye was the kind of natural genius, but he was abused by his father before, he didn't have the stage to show his talents, and because of the drag of his family, he couldn't concentrate on studying.
但这种天才一旦脱离桎梏他的不良环境，还有人悉心培养的话，那成长速度绝非一般人能比。
But once this kind of genius is freed from the shackles of his bad environment, and if someone cultivates it carefully, the growth rate is by no means comparable to ordinary people.
王叶忽又弯腰打开他带来的一个长背包。 Wang Ye suddenly bent down again and opened a long backpack he had brought.
校长等人就看这孩子从背包中拿出了一把二胡。 The principal and the others watched as the kid took out an erhu from his backpack.
二胡？ Erhu?
王叶把二胡放在了自己腿上，对校长和教导主任等人点点头，说道：“素质教育、情操教育、艺术教育，你们都不用担心，我师父都有教我。其实我有好几位师父，我还有师兄，和很多同门，我并没有脱离社会，更不会变得孤僻乖戾。我只是不适合和同龄人相处。”
Wang Ye put the erhu on his lap, nodded to the principal and the dean of teaching, and said, "Quality education, sentiment education, art education, you don't have to worry, my master has taught me." Actually, I have several masters, I have senior brothers, and many of my classmates, but I have not been separated from society, let alone become withdrawn and obedient. I just don't fit in with my peers. ”
王叶垂眸，手指按住琴弦，琴弓一张，拉出了优美的音乐。
Wang Ye lowered his eyes, pressed his fingers on the strings, and pulled out a beautiful music.
二胡这种乐器，拉不好，超级难听，但拉好了，那独特的韵味很容易牵住听乐人的情绪。
The erhu is a musical instrument that is not easy to play and is super ugly, but if it is played well, the unique charm is easy to hold the emotions of the listeners.
而且王叶拉琴，自然而然带入了一点精神力和自己的情绪。
And Wang Ye's violin naturally brought in a little mental power and his own emotions.
这不是他有意，只是本能。 It wasn't intentional on his mind, it was just instinct.
校长等人恍然间，就觉眼前出现了一座雕梁画栋的豪宅，一名身穿练功服的将门小少年背脊挺直地坐在窗前，在严苛的训练之余，拉着二胡陶冶情操和放松情绪。
The principal and the others suddenly felt that a mansion with carved beams and paintings appeared in front of them, and a young man wearing a practice uniform sat in front of the window with his back straight, pulling the erhu to cultivate his sentiment and relax his emotions in addition to the rigorous training.
那微带沙哑的琴身竟拉出了悠远豪放金戈铁马的雄辉气势。
The slightly hoarse body actually pulled out the majestic momentum of the far-reaching and bold Jin Ge Iron Horse.
一曲结束，余音袅袅。 At the end of the song, the aftermath lingers.
校长等人过了好几秒仍旧沉浸在那宛如置身古代将府的奇妙幻觉中。
After a few seconds, the headmaster and the others were still immersed in the wonderful illusion of being in an ancient general's mansion.
王沐两眼湿润，不过一年时间，她的侄子就这么优秀。如果、如果她当初能更争气点，能早点把小叶子夺到自己身边，竭尽全力地培养他……
Wang Mu's eyes were moist, but in just one year, her nephew was so good. If, if she could have been more competitive, she could have taken Xiao Yezi to her side earlier, and did her best to cultivate him......
展现完自己的王叶则是各种别扭，他总觉得参加这么一场考试比他在搏命之城答题过关还累，心累。
After showing himself, Wang Ye was all kinds of awkward, he always felt that participating in such an exam was more tiring and tiring than answering questions in the City of Fighting.
大概他不是真的小学生吧，完全不知道该怎么在一群天天和真小学生们待在一起的小学工作者展现自己的优点，又不会让对方感到奇怪。
Probably he's not really an elementary school student, and he doesn't know how to show his strengths to a group of elementary school workers who spend every day with real elementary school students, and he won't make the other party feel strange.
而王叶不知道，他越是想要自然地展现自己，他给人的感觉就越是古怪。
And Wang Ye didn't know that the more he wanted to show himself naturally, the more weird he felt to people.
他太急切了。 He was too eager.
至少教导主任就一直在用怀疑的眼神看着王叶。不过这孩子到底是别人家的，教导主任也不想做讨人厌的事，就保持了沉默，摆出一切都让校长做主的态度。
At least the teaching director had been looking at Wang Ye with suspicious eyes. However, this child is someone else's family, and the director of education doesn't want to do something annoying, so he keeps silent and puts on the attitude of letting the principal decide everything.
“包括自然科学和社会常识在内，这些我师父都会教我。学校功课我能自学。至于道德品质你们也不用担心，我师门重视人品更甚于个人能力。”
"Including natural sciences and social knowledge, my master will teach me. I was able to study my schoolwork on my own. As for moral character, you don't have to worry, my teacher values character more than personal ability. ”
王叶一顿，诚恳地道：“校长，我也很想上学，也很喜欢校园生活，但我真的不适合和同龄孩子在一起，而且学校的学习程度也已经无法满足我。教育部门不允许学生跳级，无非是想让学习好的孩子能利用课余时间去更多的接触世界和开发个人兴趣等。我现在做的不就是这样吗？您看……”
Wang Ye paused and said sincerely: "Principal, I also want to go to school and like campus life, but I am really not suitable for being with children of the same age, and the learning level of the school can no longer meet me." The education department does not allow students to skip grades, just to let children who study well use their spare time to get in touch with the world and develop personal interests. Isn't that what I'm doing now? You see......"
王沐其实也希望王叶能上学，但小叶子跟他师父学得这么好，王沐也难以割舍，真正是左右为难。
Wang Mu actually hoped that Wang Ye could go to school, but Xiao Yezi learned so well from his master, and Wang Mu was unable to give up, and he was really in a dilemma.
姑侄俩一起满是期盼地望向校长。 The aunt and nephew looked at the principal expectantly.
校长盯着小小的王叶，眼放异彩。 The principal stared at the little Wang Ye, his eyes shining.
这样的王叶，他更不想放过了啊啊啊！ Such a Wang Ye, he doesn't want to let go of it!
这样一个文娱体三面精通的小天才，放到学校就是招牌，是荣誉，是无数奖励和滚滚的教育资源倾斜。
Such a little genius who is proficient in three aspects of entertainment and sports is a signboard, an honor, and countless rewards and rolling educational resources in the school.
校长是个热心人，一把握住王叶的小手，诚恳无比更热情无比地说：“王叶同学，你放心，你的困难，学校一定给你解决！”
The principal is a warm-hearted person, as soon as he grasped Wang Ye's little hand, he was extremely sincere and enthusiastic: "Wang Ye, don't worry, your difficulties will be solved by the school!" ”
只要你别跳级，别这么急着从我们学校毕业，那就一切都好说。
As long as you don't skip a grade and don't be in such a hurry to graduate from our school, then everything will be fine.
最后，综合现实情况，大家一起商讨的结果是： Finally, based on the actual situation, the result of everyone's discussion is as follows:
学校将保留王叶的学籍，王叶可以不用来学校上课，就是期末考试也不用来。等到了年龄，他只要参加小升初考试就可以。
The school will retain Wang Ye's student status, and Wang Ye can not be used for school classes, even for final exams. When he reaches the age, he only needs to take the junior high school exam.
当然王叶也可以不参加小升初考试，只要他能保持状态，到时学校会为他办理直升重点中学的手续。
Of course, Wang Ye can also not take the junior high school exam, as long as he can maintain his status, the school will handle the procedures for him to go directly to a key middle school.
另外，王叶如果愿意代表学校参加一些全国乃至世界性质的少年儿童大赛，只要能获得名次，学校就会给予丰厚的奖学金奖励。
In addition, if Wang Ye is willing to represent the school to participate in some national and even world children's competitions, as long as he can get the ranking, the school will give a generous scholarship award.
王叶对于这个结果也很满意。 Wang Ye was also very satisfied with this result.
非常符合他低调不张扬的行事原则。 It is very much in line with his low-key and unassuming principles.
他又不想争个神童的名声，再说真上了少年班，对他反而不利。
He didn't want to fight for the reputation of a prodigy, and besides, if he really went to the juvenile class, it would be bad for him.
事情就此谈妥，王叶仍旧是李老师班上的学生。 The matter was settled, and Wang Ye was still a student in Mr. Li's class.
校长亦步亦趋地跟着王叶，亲自送这孩子出校，他是真把王叶当天才看了。至于这孩子有点过于早熟这点，他觉得完全不是问题。
The principal followed Wang Ye step by step and personally sent the child out of school, he really saw Wang Ye that day. As for the fact that the child was a little too precocious, he didn't think it was a problem at all.
校长曾经是音乐口的，后来觉得自己在音乐方面的天赋一般，才转行政，但他对音乐的热爱一直没有降低。
The principal used to be a musician, but later he felt that his talent in music was average, so he turned to administration, but his love for music has not diminished.
校长跟王叶谈到暑期有个全省级的少儿音乐大奖赛，他很希望王叶能代表学校参加。
The principal told Wang Ye that there was a provincial-level children's music grand prix in the summer, and he hoped that Wang Ye could represent the school to participate.
王叶算算时间，摇头道：“不是我不愿意答应，而是那段时间我要代表学校参加双月星各校大比。”
Wang Ye calculated the time, shook his head and said, "It's not that I don't want to agree, but during that time, I want to represent the school to participate in the Double Moon Star School Competition." ”
校长：“？？？” Headmaster: "??? ”
王沐喷笑，跟校长解释：“小叶子说的是游戏世界里的魔法学校各校大比，就是《极度危险》那个游戏，您知道吗？”
Wang Mu smiled and explained to the principal: "Xiao Yezi is talking about the competition between the schools of magic schools in the game world, which is the game "Extreme Danger", do you know? ”
校长恍然大悟：“那个号称全息的游戏啊。” The principal suddenly realized: "That so-called holographic game." ”
音落，校长表情复杂地看向身边男孩：“那就是一个游戏世界，不用那么较真。而现实世界不教魔法，也没有魔法。”
When the sound fell, the principal looked at the boy next to him with a complicated expression: "That's a game world, don't be so serious." And the real world doesn't teach magic, and there's no magic. ”
王叶：“哦。” Wang Ye: "Oh. ”
校长哭笑不得，诱惑道：“如果你参加现实世界的比赛，除了荣誉，学校还有奖金给你哦。”
The principal couldn't laugh and cry, and tempted: "If you participate in a real-world competition, in addition to honors, the school will also give you bonuses." ”
王叶噗噜噜摇头：“不行，我敢逃赛，学校教授会联手切了我。”
Wang Ye shook his head: "No, I dare to run away from the game, and the school professors will join forces to cut me." ”
校长无语：现在的小孩子都怎么了，玩游戏比什么都上心。那些学习成绩看着很差的学生一个个玩游戏却溜得很。而且王小叶这态度，明显是把游戏世界看得比现实世界还重，这太不对了。
The principal was speechless: What's wrong with the children now, playing games is more important than anything else. Those students who looked very poor in their academic performance played games one by one, but they slipped away. And Wang Xiaoye's attitude is obviously to regard the game world as heavier than the real world, which is too wrong.
“你师父不管你吗？你玩游戏很浪费时间吧？” "Does your master care about you? You're wasting time playing games, aren't you? ”
“不会啊。那可是全息游戏。我师父巴不得我在里面多待，因为我可以在里面验证自己学习到的一切知识。”
"No, it won't. It's a holographic game. My master wishes I could stay in there longer, because I could verify everything I have learned. ”
“这游戏真有这么牛？”校长不信。 "Is this game really that good?" The principal didn't believe it.
“真哒，校长您要是没事，也可以进去玩一玩。自从我玩了这个游戏后，觉得脑子都比以前灵活了呢。”王叶半真半假地说。
"Dada, headmaster, if you're okay, you can go in and have some fun. Ever since I played this game, I feel that my brain is more flexible than before. Wang Ye said half-truthfully.
校长哈哈哈，半点不信。 The principal hahaha, I don't believe it at all.
“可以替代睡眠哦，听说现在不少人都是在睡眠时间进入《极度危险》，白天照样上班上学，半点没有妨碍。我姑也是这样，对吧，姑。”
"It can be used as a substitute for sleep, I heard that many people now enter "Extremely Dangerous" during sleep time, and they still go to work and school during the day, and there is no hindrance at all. My aunt is like that, right, aunt. ”
王沐点头，除了睡觉时间，她现在白天空余时间也会上游戏。这游戏有毒，虽然各种困难，但真的很容易上瘾，就像是真的第二世界第二种生活。
Wang Mu nodded, in addition to sleeping time, she will also play games in the rest of her time during the day. This game is toxic, and despite all the difficulties, it's really addictive, like a real second world second life.
王沐想到那个长相有点凶其实人特别好的小队长，脸忽然红了红。
Wang Mu thought of the squad leader who looked a little fierce but was actually a very good person, and his face suddenly turned red.
校长见王沐都点头，对那游戏也来了一点兴趣。 Seeing Wang Mudu's nod, the principal was also a little interested in the game.
不过：“那到底是游戏世界，非真实的学校比赛，比了也没有意义，但如果你参加现实世界的比赛，不但能获得奖学金，还能获得荣誉，更能给你的个人履历……”
However: "That's the game world, it's not a real school competition, and it doesn't make sense to compare, but if you participate in a real-world competition, you can not only get a scholarship, but also get honors, and give you a personal resume......"
“呀啊——！”几声属于孩童的尖叫突然从附近教室传出。
"Ahh——!h Several childlike screams suddenly erupted from a nearby classroom.
校长猛然转头，拔腿就往尖叫传来的教室跑。 The headmaster turned his head abruptly and ran towards the classroom where the screams came.
王叶和他姑互看，也一起跑了过去。 Wang Ye and his aunt looked at each other and ran over together.
今天是学校考试日，现在是下午三点，最后一门考试就要结束。
Today is school exam day, it's three o'clock in the afternoon, and the last exam is coming to an end.
出事的是六年级一班。 The accident happened in the sixth grade class.
王叶赶到时，就看到校长已经在打电话叫救护车。 When Wang Ye arrived, he saw that the principal was already calling an ambulance.
一个胖乎乎的小男孩躺在地上，脸色苍白，昏迷不醒。 A chubby little boy was lying on the ground, pale and unconscious.
没人敢随便移动男孩，谁都不知道他发生了什么事。 No one dared to move the boy casually, and no one knew what had happened to him.
监考老师负责维持秩序，安抚正在考试的孩子们，还叫了校医。
The invigilator was responsible for maintaining order, reassuring the children who were taking the exams, and called the school doctor.
校长联系医院。 The principal contacts the hospital.
赶来的六年一班班主任，正边走边联系该学生的家长。 The head teacher of the sixth grade class who arrived was contacting the student's parents as he walked.
“白子秋先生吗，我是白飞扬的班主任，您孩子在学校考场突然昏倒，请您立刻来学校一趟。我们已经叫了救护车，但情况不明……您先别急，校医正在查看白飞扬同学的情况。嗯嗯，我知道，请您赶快过来，好的好的……”
"Mr. Bai Ziqiu, I am Bai Feiyang's homeroom teacher, your child suddenly fainted in the school examination room, please come to the school immediately. We have called an ambulance but the situation is unknown...... Don't worry, the school doctor is checking on Bai Feiyang's condition. Uh-huh, I know, please come over here, okay okay......"
王叶愣住。白子秋？这小胖子是白子秋的那个患了一型糖尿病的独生子？
Wang Ye was stunned. Bai Ziqiu? This little fat man is Bai Ziqiu's only child with type 1 diabetes?
王叶一拍脑门，他终于想起来他当初遗忘了什么事，半年前他还想着要不要制作几支修复产生胰岛素细胞的药剂送给白子秋，以此和白子秋建立交情。
Wang Ye patted his head, he finally remembered what he had forgotten at the beginning, half a year ago he was thinking about whether to make a few potions to repair the production of insulin cells and give them to Bai Ziqiu, so as to establish a friendship with Bai Ziqiu.
可后来他要忙的事情实在太多——他得给自己解毒啊，加上糖尿病这个病症并不算特别危险，白子秋又一直没有顺着那钱卡找到他们头上，他就把白子秋和他儿子给抛到脑后了。
But then he had too many things to do - he had to detoxify himself, and the condition of diabetes was not particularly dangerous, and Bai Ziqiu had never followed the money card to find them, so he left Bai Ziqiu and his son behind.
没想到白子秋的独子竟然和他一个小学。 Unexpectedly, Bai Ziqiu's only son turned out to be in the same elementary school as him.
他上辈子给白子秋打工时，听到员工议论白子秋独子因为糖尿病发作昏迷的事，但具体时间并不知道。
When he worked for Bai Ziqiu in his last life, he heard employees talking about Bai Ziqiu's only son who fell into a coma due to diabetes, but he didn't know the specific time.
原来是这个时候。 It turned out to be this time.
那么他要不要拿出药剂救治白飞扬呢？ So does he want to come up with a potion to treat Bai Feiyang?
说来也是白飞扬的幸运，他身上虽然没有专门针对一型糖尿病的治疗药剂，但他有专门给精灵族幼崽炼制的培元药剂。
It is also Bai Feiyang's luck, although he does not have a special treatment for type 1 diabetes, he has a Peiyuan medicine specially refined for the elf cubs.
这种培元药剂既然是给幼崽使用的，药性自然非常温和。
Since this Peiyuan elixir is for cubs, the medicinal properties are naturally very mild.
它的最主要作用就是修复身体细胞、弥补身体亏损，进而固本培元。
Its main role is to repair the body's cells, make up for the body's losses, and then consolidate the foundation.
而一型糖尿病的主要病因就是自身免疫系统缺陷，导致自身抗体损伤了分泌胰岛素的人体胰岛β细胞，使之不能正常分泌胰岛素。另还有遗传因素和病毒感染造成。
The main cause of type 1 diabetes is a deficiency of the immune system, which causes autoantibodies to damage the insulin-secreting pancreatic β cells, making them unable to secrete insulin normally. There are also genetic factors and viral infections.
培元药剂恰恰就可以修复身体细胞缺陷，包括自身免疫系统缺陷，就如基因修复药剂一样。既然能修复基因，自然比单治疗胰岛素细胞和单修复自身免疫系统的药剂强得多。
Peiyuan medicine can repair the body's cellular defects, including the defects of the autoimmune system, just like gene repair drugs. Since it can repair genes, it is naturally much stronger than the drugs that treat insulin cells and repair the autoimmune system alone.
重点！培元药剂是他自己研究出来的独门药剂，用起来完全不用担心会影响到未来有可能的因果。
Focus! Peiyuan Elixir is a unique medicine that he has researched by himself, and he doesn't have to worry about affecting possible causes and effects in the future when he uses it.
但他现在对于白子秋来说就是一个陌生人，还是一个才九岁的毛头小孩。
But he is now a stranger to Bai Ziqiu, and he is still a hairy child who is only nine years old.
他说他有药剂能根治白飞扬的糖尿病，白子秋能信？ He said that he had a medicine that could cure Bai Feiyang's diabetes, could Bai Ziqiu believe it?
要是白子秋真能相信他，他反而要怀疑这个白子秋的智商了。
If Bai Ziqiu could really believe him, he would have to doubt this Bai Ziqiu's IQ.
所以现在药剂不是问题，问题是他要怎么把这个药剂送出去，还能让白子秋记住他的人情。
So now the potion is not a problem, the question is how to send this potion out, and still let Bai Ziqiu remember his favor.
唔……有点难呢，要么就当不知道吧，反正白子秋也没找到他们头上。
Not...... It's a bit difficult, or don't know it, anyway, Bai Ziqiu didn't find them.
一型糖尿病虽然危险，但只要按时打针吃药，还算是安全的。大不了让白飞扬等个二十三四年，那时那位医药学家研究出来的药剂就面世了。
Although type 1 diabetes is dangerous, as long as you take injections and medicines on time, it is still safe. It's a big deal to let Bai Feiyang wait for twenty-three or four years, and then the medicine researched by that pharmacist will be available.
第186章 三封信 Chapter 186: Three Letters
救护车和白子秋几乎是同时赶到。 The ambulance and Bai Ziqiu arrived almost at the same time.
白子秋明显非常紧张这个宝贝儿子，跟着救护车又赶去医院。
Bai Ziqiu was obviously very nervous about this baby son, and rushed to the hospital with the ambulance.
全过程，王叶根本靠不上边。 In the whole process, Wang Ye can't be relied on at all.
所幸白飞扬这次病发被抢救了回来，且因为抢救及时，也没有造成什么不可挽回的脑损伤。
Fortunately, Bai Feiyang was rescued this time, and because of the timely rescue, there was no irreparable brain damage.
在了解到白飞扬昏迷是因为糖尿病，学校也松了口气。 After learning that Bai Feiyang was in a coma because of diabetes, the school was also relieved.
白子秋知道自家孩子是因为觉得自己太胖想减肥，早上吃得太少，又恰逢考试，太过紧张，大脑和身体消耗血糖速度过快，体内血糖狂降，才导致血糖过低昏迷，也无法责怪别人，反而要感激学校老师和校医能及时并正确地救护了孩子，还那么快就把救护车叫来。
Bai Ziqiu knew that his child was too fat and wanted to lose weight, he ate too little in the morning, and it coincided with the exam, he was too nervous, his brain and body consumed blood sugar too fast, and the blood sugar in his body dropped wildly, which caused his blood sugar to be too low and he fell into a coma, and he couldn't blame others, but he was grateful to the school teachers and school doctors for saving the child in a timely and correct manner, and called the ambulance so quickly.
白子秋有钱，但有些病症真的不是有你有钱就能治疗得好。
Bai Ziqiu has money, but some diseases really can't be treated well with your money.
他唯一能做的就是买最好的药，哪怕不在医保范围内，只要对他儿子有用，他就愿意花大价钱买。
The only thing he can do is to buy the best medicine, even if it is not covered by medical insurance, as long as it is useful to his son, he is willing to spend a lot of money.
而不管多好的胰岛素仍旧需要每天注射。 No matter how good the insulin is, it still needs to be injected every day.
白飞扬苏醒后对自己患了糖尿病一事很沮丧，但他沮丧的原因竟然是觉得这个病名一点都不威武霸气，更没有美感。
After Bai Feiyang woke up, he was very depressed about his diabetes, but the reason for his frustration was that he felt that the name of the disease was not majestic and domineering at all, let alone beautiful.
小孩当场嘀咕说还不如得白血病呢，差点把他爸妈气死。
The child muttered on the spot that it was better to have leukemia, and almost his parents to death.
但不久后小胖子又高兴了，因为他听医生说一型糖尿病患者会很快暴瘦。
But soon the little fat man was happy again, because he heard from the doctor that people with type 1 diabetes would lose weight quickly.
白子秋看着就因为能暴瘦而喜笑颜开的蠢儿子，真的很想跟孩子妈商量要么我们重要一个吧，这个真的太蠢了。
Bai Ziqiu looked at the stupid son who was smiling because he could lose weight, and really wanted to discuss with the child's mother or we should have an important one, this is really stupid.
就在白子秋为独子病情烦忧的时候，王叶已经回去了双月星。
Just when Bai Ziqiu was worried about his only son's condition, Wang Ye had already gone back to Shuangyue Star.
而他在临离开地球前，干了一件事。 And before he left Earth, he did one thing.
他写了两篇绝不算论文的文章，一篇名为“基因药剂幻想”，一篇名为“游戏世界的药剂配方是否可以现实化”。
He wrote two essays that were by no means essays, one titled "Genetic Potion Fantasy" and the other titled "Can Potion Formulations in the Game World Be Realized".
基因药剂幻想这篇文章，他寄给了国家最权威的医学杂志，文章里面完全公开了培元药剂的配方，但他没有写培元药剂的药材名，因为双月星的药材，地球大多没有。他写的是这张配方中各种药材的功能，以及详细剂量。
Gene Pharmacy Fantasy This article, he sent it to the most authoritative medical journal in the country, and the formula of Peiyuan Pharmacy was completely disclosed in the article, but he did not write the name of the medicinal materials of Peiyuan Pharmacy, because most of the medicinal materials of the Double Moon Star are not available on the earth. He wrote about the functions of the various herbs in this recipe, as well as the detailed dosages.
他在文章中呼吁国内的药学家有兴趣地可以研究一下这个配方，并表示如果能找到相应功能的药材，再进行配药实验，很可能会研究出修复基因缺陷和强化人体细胞的初代基因药剂。
In the article, he called on domestic pharmacists to study this formula with interest, and said that if they can find medicinal materials with corresponding functions and then carry out dispensing experiments, it is likely to develop the first generation of genetic drugs that repair genetic defects and strengthen human cells.
而第二篇文章他单独寄给了那位因为研究出根治糖尿病的药剂而在未来扬名于世的药学家。
The second article was sent to the pharmacist who would make a name for himself in the future for his work on a cure for diabetes.
他在文中提到，他玩游戏时发现了双月星有专门治疗消渴症的配方，貌似对一型和二型都有用。而他有朋友患有一型糖尿病。他说他给很多药学家发了信，希望有谁能早日研究出地球版本的能根治糖尿病的有效药剂。
He mentions in the article that while playing the game, he discovered that the Double Moon Star has a formula for treating thirst, which seems to be useful for both Type 1 and Type 2. And he has a friend who has type 1 diabetes. He said he had sent letters to many pharmacists, hoping that someone would soon be able to develop an earthly version of an effective drug that could cure diabetes.
王叶还在信中附上了双月星相关配方和配方中各种药材的详细效用。
Wang Ye also attached to the letter the detailed effects of the formulas related to the Double Moon Star and the various medicinal materials in the formula.
两篇文章，他全都署名“隔壁小王”。 In both articles, he signed them all as "Xiao Wang Next Door".
王叶不知道这两封信发出后会有什么结果，总之他把自己能做的事都做了。
Wang Ye didn't know what the results would be after these two letters were sent, in short, he did everything he could.
至于因果，在他写信时，周围一切都很安静，因果卷也没有特异变化。
As for cause and effect, everything around him was quiet when he wrote the letter, and there was no specific change in the cause and effect volume.
当他发出信件到他回到双月星，一切也都很平静。 From the time he sent the letter to the time he returned to the Twin Moons, everything was peaceful.
王叶就当做这种做法是被默许的。 Wang Ye regarded this practice as tacitly approved.
毕竟，培元药剂配方是他研究出来的，他想公开还是想送给谁，那都是他的自由。
After all, Pei Yuan's elixir formula was researched by him, and it was his freedom to make it public or to give it to whomever he wanted.
而第二封信作为提醒，也只是提醒了那药剂的原作者。如果说有影响，那顶多就是那位药学家把根治糖尿病的药剂提前研发出来。
And the second letter, as a reminder, only reminded the original author of the potion. If there is an impact, it is at most that the pharmacist developed the drug to cure diabetes in advance.
如果因为他的这封信反而导致那位药学家没能研究出相关药剂，那他就在二十一年后以这位药学家的名义把其上辈子研究的药方发表出来。
If, because of his letter, the pharmacist failed to develop the relevant drug, he would publish the prescription he had studied in his previous life in the name of the pharmacist twenty-one years later.
糖尿病并不属于高危病种，不管是谁，得了这个病，除非运气极为糟糕，否则基本能正常活到老。
Diabetes is not a high-risk disease, no matter who has this disease, unless you are extremely unlucky, you can basically live a normal life.
所以在王叶看来，根治糖尿病的药剂提前面世也好，还是推迟面世也好，对整个世界的进程发展影响不会太大，但对病人来说则是大大的福利。
Therefore, in Wang Ye's view, whether the drug for the cure of diabetes is released in advance or postponed, it will not have much impact on the development of the whole world, but it will be a great benefit for patients.
哦，可能对药商有很大的影响，因为长期买卖变成一杆子买卖了。
Oh, and it may have a big impact on the drugstore, because the long-term trade has become a one-shot deal.
不管如何，两封信发出去，王叶就不管了，典型的管杀不管埋。
No matter what, when the two letters were sent, Wang Ye didn't care, and the typical management was killed and buried.
至于收到信件的杂志社，相关编辑刚看到信件内容时，差一点笑场。
As for the magazine that received the letter, the editor almost laughed when he first saw the content of the letter.
虽然是医学界的权威杂志，但不代表他们收到的论文都极具深度和含金量。
Although it is an authoritative journal in the medical field, it does not mean that the papers they receive are extremely in-depth and valuable.
相反杂志社经常会收到一些素人的“奇思妙想”，更会收到大量的饱含“我推测”、“我认为”……这一类没有事实数据作为根据的含金量很低的幻想类论文。
On the contrary, magazines often receive some amateur "whimsical ideas", and even a large number of "I speculate" and "I think...... This type of fantasy essay with low gold content that is not based on factual data.
幸好这位编辑的耐性很好，而且他本身也有一定医学基础，他一开始看得很不耐烦，还觉得可笑。但在看到后面的药材功效分析时，他感觉出了写信者的认真，同时他的直觉告诉他，这个配方也许并不是一个胡乱写的假配方，而很可能是一个成熟配方。
Fortunately, the editor's patience and his own medical foundation made him impatient and ridiculous at first. But when he saw the analysis of the medicinal herbs at the back, he sensed the seriousness of the letter writer, and at the same time, his intuition told him that this recipe might not be a fake recipe scribbled, but probably a mature formula.
一直看到信件最后，他看到了这封信的落款。 At the end of the letter, he saw the letter.
隔壁小王？ The little king next door?
这么一个名字，连自己的真实姓名和联系地址都没写上，看来这又是一篇奇思妙想的小作文。
With such a name, I didn't even write my real name and contact address, and it seems that this is another whimsical little essay.
编辑莞尔，继而摇头，推翻了自己刚才生出的直觉猜测，刚要把这封信放到垃圾箱中，手指忽然凝固。
The editor shook his head, refuting his instinctive guess, and was about to put the letter in the trash, when his fingers suddenly froze.
隔壁小王？！ The little king next door?!
划重点！这位编辑也在玩《极度危险》这个游戏。而且他靠着现实的药学功底，先在新手村跟随一名村医学习制作普通草药，之后又在这位村医的推荐下离开新手村，拜了一名高级药师为师。
Make a point! The editor is also playing the game Extreme Danger. And he relied on his realistic pharmacy skills, first learned to make ordinary herbs with a village doctor in the novice village, and then left the novice village under the recommendation of the village doctor and worshipped a senior pharmacist as a teacher.
他跟着这位药师参与了一场大型疫情的治疗，让他获得了大量经验值，更大大提高了他的制药能力。
He followed the pharmacist to participate in the treatment of a large epidemic, which allowed him to gain a lot of experience points and greatly improve his pharmaceutical ability.
目前他已经拿到了初级药师资格，也是少数能在这时候就突破二十级大关的精英玩家之一。
At present, he has obtained the qualification of a junior pharmacist, and he is also one of the few elite players who can break through the level 20 mark at this time.
只要是地球玩家，谁没有听过隔壁小王的名字？ As long as you are an Earth player, who hasn't heard the name of Xiao Wang next door?
好吧，就算有人不关心身外事，但不知道隔壁小王这个名字的玩家真的是极少数。
Well, even if there are people who don't care about external affairs, there are really very few players who don't know the name Xiao Wang next door.
这位编辑以前也没怎么留意过隔壁小王，也没怎么羡慕对方排在第一名，但他到底对这个名字留下了深刻印象。
The editor hadn't paid much attention to Xiao Wang next door before, and he didn't envy the other party for being in first place, but he was impressed by the name.
这真的是那个隔壁小王发来的信件吗？ Is this really a letter from the little Wang next door?
还是因为隔壁小王这个名字太有名，有人故意冒用了这个名字？
Or is it because the name Xiao Wang next door is too famous, and someone deliberately used this name?
编辑好笑之余，忍不住把这封信拍了张照，隐去绝大部分内容，重点圈出落款人的名字，然后……他发游戏论坛上了。
The editor was amused, and couldn't help but take a photo of the letter, hide most of the content, focus on the name of the person who made the payment, and then ...... He posted on the game forum.
至于那封在他看来就是科幻小作文的文章，被编辑随手扔进了代表不采用的稿件箱中。
As for the article that he thought was a small science fiction essay, it was casually thrown into the manuscript box that the representative did not use.
另一头，那位药学家也收到了王叶寄来的信件。 On the other hand, the pharmacist also received a letter from Wang Ye.
不过他收到的是邮件，在未来，他公开了他的工作邮箱。
However, he received an email, and in the future, he made his work email address public.
这位药学家看完邮件内容，压根没放在心上，笑了笑，就去处理其他工作。
After reading the email, the pharmacist didn't pay attention to it at all, smiled, and went on to deal with other work.
但两天后，这位目前还很年轻的药学家在路过城市一家贩售中心，看到里面有在卖《极度危险》这个全息游戏的游戏舱时，突然就想到了那封信上的内容，他犹豫了片刻，就刷卡买了下来。
But two days later, when the still young pharmacist was passing by a sales center in the city and saw that there was a game cabin selling the holographic game "Extreme Danger", he suddenly thought of the contents of the letter, hesitated for a moment, and swiped his card to buy it.
而上辈子，这位药学家一直到十年后，大家都在嚷嚷《极度危险》这个全息游戏可以提高记忆力，让人变得更聪明后，他才真正进入这个游戏。
In his previous life, this pharmacist didn't really enter the game until ten years later, when everyone was shouting that the holographic game "Extreme Danger" could improve memory and make people smarter.
双月星，陨星魔法学校。 Twin Moon Stars, Meteorite School of Magic.
王叶刚回到学校宿舍，就收到了学校寄来的魔法信函。 As soon as Wang Ye returned to the school dormitory, he received a magic letter from the school.
“注意！注意！重要信件！请王叶同学赶紧打开。”魔法信函一边发出叫声，一边从地上主动飞到了王叶手里。
"Attention! Note! Important letters! Please Wang Ye hurry up and open it. The magic letter let out a cry and flew from the ground to Wang Ye's hand.
王叶挑眉，打开了信件。 Wang Ye raised his eyebrows and opened the letter.
信中内容不多，主要就阐明了一件事，那就是要求王叶务必参加培植、卷轴、召唤三个专业的等级考试。
There is not much content in the letter, but it mainly clarifies one thing, that is, Wang Ye must be required to participate in the level examinations of the three majors of cultivation, scrolling, and summoning.
王叶看完信一头雾水，这才想起来兰道教授前两天刚见到他时也跟他提到了考级的事。不过他不是拿了教授推荐吗，为什么还要参加专业考级？
Wang Ye was confused after reading the letter, and then remembered that Professor Landau had also mentioned the exam to him when he first met him two days ago. But didn't he take the professor's recommendation, why did he still take the professional exam?
【专业等级考试任务链发布：因玩家隔壁小王被推荐报名参加三门专业比试，引来了学校管理层的担忧。他们担心你没有相应的实力，更担心你会因为参加比试太多而分心，最终导致三门比试结果都不理想。为此，校方经过商讨，要求玩家隔壁小王必须在参加各校大比前，先进行各专业的等级考试。】
[Professional-level exam task chain released: Because the player next door Xiao Wang was recommended to sign up for three professional competitions, it attracted the concern of the school management. They are worried that you don't have the corresponding strength, and they are even more worried that you will be distracted by participating in too many competitions, which will eventually lead to unsatisfactory results in all three competitions. To this end, after discussion, the school requires the player next door Xiao Wang to take the level examination of each major before participating in the competition of each school. 】
【注意！此次专业等级考试关系到玩家是否可以参加学校大比，请玩家务必郑重对待。】
【Attention! This professional level exam is related to whether players can participate in the school competition, so please be sure to take it seriously. 】
【特别说明：专业等级考试任务链包含各专业等级考试。玩家每参加一种专业等级考试，一级资格奖励一千点经验值，二级资格奖励五千点经验值，三级资格奖励一万点，四级资格奖励五万点，五级资格奖励十万点，六级资格奖励五十万点，七级资格奖励一百万点，八级资格奖励五百万点，九级资格奖励一千万点，十级资格奖励五千万点。】
[Special note: The task chain of professional level examinations includes each professional level exam.] Players will be rewarded with 1,000 XP points for each professional level exam, 5,000 XP points for Level 2 qualification, 10,000 XP points for Level 3 qualification, 50,000 points for Level 4 qualification, 100,000 points for Level 5 qualification, 500,000 points for Level 6 qualification, 1 million points for Level 7 qualification, 5 million points for Level 8 qualification, 10 million points for Level 9 qualification, and 50 million points for Level 10 qualification. 】
王叶：“……”多少？系统这是疯了吗？竟然给出这么多经验值奖励？
Wang Ye: How much is the "......"? Is the system crazy? Giving so many XP rewards?
不不不，这么点经验值奖励哪里多了？ No, no, no, where is the reward for such a little XP?
他就算拿到一千万点，也不过从现在的六十级升到九十一级而已。
Even if he gets 10 million points, he will only be able to move from the current level 60 to level 91.
但九级的专业资格，那是普通能考到的吗？ But the ninth-level professional qualification, is that something that can be obtained ordinarily?
至少现在的他肯定不行。 At least not now.
不过六级的也很香啊，拿到任何一门专业等级考核的六级资格，就有五十万点经验值进账。
However, the sixth-level ones are also very fragrant, and if you get the sixth-level qualification of any professional level assessment, you will have 500,000 experience points in the account.
哎呀妈！王叶迫不及待地掰手指计算，等考完这一波，他能拿到多少经验值，又能升到多少级。
Oops! Wang Ye couldn't wait to break his fingers and calculate, when he finished this wave, how many experience points he could get and how many levels he could be promoted.
等算完他能参加的专业考试项目，王小叶鼻息都变粗了。
After counting the professional examination items he could take, Wang Xiaoye's snort became thicker.
考！一定考！必须考！拼了命他也会考！
王叶拿着这封信就跑去找虫老了。
虽然他已经从系统处知道了学校让他参加专业考级的原因，但该告状的还是要告状。
虫老看完那封类似于通知的魔法信内容，往桌上一丢，直接道：“不用理会。”
“哎？”王叶睁大眼睛。
虫老表情平淡实则傲气非常地道：“你是我的弟子。学校要你做什么，必须先经过我同意。我不同意，你什么都不用做。我认为你有这个实力去参加大比，你就有这个实力。考什么专业等级，浪费时间。”
王叶瞬间被老头的霸气闪瞎眼，迟疑道：“这不太好吧，通知都下了。”
“你有点出息好吗！”虫老瞪眼：“你平时不是特别会找事？就这么一封通知信函，你就萎了？”
"You're a little bit of a good guy, okay?" The worm elder glared: "You are not usually very good at looking for trouble?" Just such a notification letter, and you wilted? ”
“教授，您是不是对我有什么误会？我明明是个很低调的人，在学校也从来不闹事，整个学校就再也没有比我更听话更老实的好学生了。”王叶喊冤。
"Professor, are you misunderstanding me? I'm obviously a very low-key person, and I never make trouble at school, and there is no better student in the whole school than I am. Wang Ye shouted injustice.
你怕不是对这两个词的含义有什么误会？偏心弟子的虫老淡定无比地说道：“……那你就继续保持你的低调，不用理会这封信的要求。”
Are you afraid that there is some misunderstanding of the meaning of these two words? The insect elder of the eccentric disciple said calmly: "...... Then you keep your low profile and ignore the letter's request. ”
“可是这样做，会得罪学校高层吧？而且也会让您难做不是？”王叶抓起一把烤虫子，塞进嘴里咬得咔嚓咔嚓响：“不就是专业等级考核吗，我去考就是。也让学校知道您调教出来的学生水平有多高。”
"But if you do this, you will offend the school management, right? And it can make it hard for you, right? Wang Ye grabbed a handful of roasted insects, stuffed them into his mouth and bit them with a clattering sound: "Isn't it a professional level assessment, I'll take the test." Also let the school know how high the level of students you are tugging at. ”
经验值啊，大把的经验值，哪能就这么放弃。 Experience points, a lot of experience points, how can you just give up.
虫老：“你要不嫌麻烦，你就去考。但是，” Worm Lao: "If you don't want to be troublesome, you can take the test." However, "
王叶撇嘴：“我讨厌但是。” Wang Ye pouted: "I hate but." ”
虫老一把夺过盘子，让王叶抓了个空，接着道：“但是，如果你去参加专业等级考核，却给我考个三级以下的资格出来，那大比你也不用去参加了，以后……”
The worm elder snatched the plate, let Wang Ye catch it, and then said: "However, if you go to participate in the professional level assessment, but give me a qualification below the third level, then you don't have to participate, and you will ...... in the future."
“我也不用来您这儿了？” "I'm not here with you anymore?"
“狗屁！”虫老突然生气翻脸：“如果你考砸了，以后你哪儿都不准去，给我把驭虫术学到八级才准出门！”
"Bullshit!" The insect elder suddenly turned his face angrily: "If you fail the test, you will not be allowed to go anywhere in the future, and I will be allowed to go out only after I have learned the insect control technique to level eight!" ”
王叶伸手。 Wang Ye stretched out his hand.
虫老又把盘子放回小孩面前。 The worm put the plate back in front of the child.
王叶心想他果然还是在这边自在，也更能放得开，可以做真正的自己。也许是因为这边的人都不知道他的底细？
Wang Ye thought to himself that he was really still at ease here, and he was more open, and he could be his true self. Maybe it's because people here don't know his details?
唉，这么在意自己的过往，看来还是心境不过关啊。要这是修仙游戏，他就危险了，妥妥的会栽在心魔关上。
Alas, if you care so much about your past, it seems that you are still in a bad mood. If this is a game of cultivating immortals, he will be in danger, and he will be planted on the inner demon pass.
庆幸自己不用修仙过心魔关的王叶再次抓起一把烤虫子，咔嚓咔嚓嚼得贼香：“老头，你应该对我更有信心一点。三级算什么……对了，如果我考到三级以上的等级资格，您老给我什么奖励？”
Wang Ye, who was glad that he didn't have to cultivate immortals to pass the heart demon level, grabbed a handful of roasted insects again, and chewed them deliciously: "Old man, you should have more confidence in me." What is Level 3...... By the way, if I get a level 3 qualification or above, what reward do you always give me? ”
虫老眯眼，貌似随时处在发火边沿：“你还想要奖励？”
The insect elder squinted, and seemed to be on the verge of anger at any time: "You still want a reward?" ”
王叶不怕死地道：“当然。兰道教授说如果我能考出四级的专业资格，他就送我一张八级卷轴。如果能考出五级的，就送我一张九级卷轴。您呢？有八级的虫子和九级的虫子送我吗？没有活的，死的也行，不好吃我就拿去喂给小光它们。”
Wang Ye was not afraid of death and said: "Of course." Professor Landau said that if I could pass the level 4 professional qualification, he would give me an level 8 scroll. If you can get a level 5 exam, you will give me a level 9 scroll. What about you? Are there level 8 bugs and level 9 bugs for me? If there is no living one, it is okay to be dead, and if it is not delicious, I will take it and feed it to Xiaoguang. ”
虫老：……他是打死这个孽徒还是打死这个孽徒呢？ Worm Boss: ...... Will he kill this scoundrel or will he kill this scoundrel?
王叶把盘子里最后一只烤虫子塞进嘴里，拍拍手，从口袋里摸出一个小盒子推到虫老面前。
Wang Ye stuffed the last roasted insect on the plate into his mouth, clapped his hands, took out a small box from his pocket and pushed it in front of the insect elder.
“喏，给您带的搏命之城土特产，据说那鬼地方原本叫知识之城。您知道那个秘境吗？”
"Well, the souvenir of the City of Fighting for Life brought to you, it is said that the ghost place was originally called the City of Knowledge. Do you know that secret realm? ”
虫老轻哼一声，打开了盒子。 The worm elder snorted softly and opened the box.
兰道可是“不经意”地跟他炫耀过了，说他这次送王小叶进那地方不但没亏，还赚了。还“说漏嘴”地问他要不要跟他订购一张九级卷轴，说那可是用“知识之城原版九级空白卷轴和九级墨水”制成的九级卷轴呢。
Landau "inadvertently" showed off to him, saying that he not only did not lose money when he sent Wang Xiaoye into that place this time, but also made a profit. He also asked him if he wanted to order a ninth-level scroll from him, saying that it was a ninth-level scroll made from the "original ninth-level blank scroll and ninth-level ink in the City of Knowledge".
虫老表示自己一把年纪了，才不会吃这种醋。绝·不·会！
The worm said that he was too old to eat this kind of vinegar. Never, no, never!
不过这并不妨碍他在拿到这个小盒子时生出的得意感，不管这里装的是什么，都是他徒弟的一片心。
However, this did not prevent him from feeling proud when he got this small box, no matter what it contained, it was a piece of his apprentice's heart.
盒子里装着一只状态保持得非常好的死虫子。 The box contained a dead bug that was in very good condition.
虽然没有了生气，但虫子栩栩如生，连虫须都完整无缺，翅膀更没有半点损伤。
Although it was lifeless, the insects were lifelike, even the whiskers were intact, and the wings were not damaged at all.
“这虫子……”虫老神色变得郑重。 "This worm ......" the old worm's expression became solemn.
这是他从没有见过的虫子，而且这虫子形态十分奇特，以虫老对昆虫的丰富知识，几乎一眼就能断定这只虫子绝对来自远古。
This was a bug he had never seen before, and this bug had a very peculiar form, and with the insect's rich knowledge of insects, he could almost conclude at a glance that this bug was definitely from ancient times.
“像是龙头虫，又像是虫人族的图腾虫……”虫老拿起小盒子起身，视线就没有离开盒子里的虫子。
"It's like a dragon head worm, and it's like a totem insect of the Zerg race...... "The worm old man picked up the small box and got up, and his eyes didn't leave the worm in the box.
虫老匆匆道：“你自己玩吧，要不要参加专业等级考，你也自己决定。如果你能考到四级资格，我给你弄个浮游光虫群专用的虫箱。如果你能考到五级资格，我教你怎么提高小光的血脉等级，让它从普通虫进阶到王虫……我是说提高这个可能性。”
The worm elder hurriedly said: "You can play by yourself, whether you want to take the professional level exam or not, you also decide for yourself." If you can get the Level 4 qualification, I'll get you a wormbox for the Planktonic Light Swarm. If you can get the fifth-level qualification, I will teach you how to improve Xiaoguang's bloodline level and make it advance from an ordinary insect to a king worm...... I mean increase that possibility. ”
最后一个字音还在王叶耳边飘荡，虫老人已经不见了。 The last word was still floating in Wang Ye's ears, and the old man was gone.
王叶耸耸肩，又拿出一个小箱子放到石桌上，扬声道：“教授，我走了，桌上放的是我在圣东郡药剂店给您买的两种您说已经灭绝的虫子的虫卵，还有虫尸、虫壳之类。您看着玩哈，不想要再扔给我。”
Wang Ye shrugged, took out a small box and put it on the stone table, and said in a loud voice: "Professor, I'm leaving, and there are two kinds of insect eggs that you said were extinct that I bought for you at the pharmacy in Shengdong County, as well as insect corpses, insect shells, and the like. You look at the play and don't want to throw it at me again. ”
石桌上的小箱子瞬间消失，虫老没出声，但桌子上多出了一盘炸虫子。
The small box on the stone table disappeared in an instant, and the worm didn't make a sound, but there was an extra plate of fried bugs on the table.
王叶咧嘴一笑，高高兴兴地把盘子也捧走了。 Wang Ye grinned and happily took the plate away.
这炸虫子喷香，吃了还能让身体变得轻盈，他要带回去给雷木一起尝尝~
This fried insect is fragrant, and eating it can also make the body lighter, and he wants to bring it back to Lei Mu to taste it together~
第187章 考级、闻笛出山 Chapter 187: Exams, Hearing the Flute and Going Out of the Mountain
七月初，整个陨星魔法学校的气氛都异常紧张。 At the beginning of July, the atmosphere throughout the Meteorite School of Magic was extremely tense.
今年各校大比的时间和地点已经定下来，就在七月十五日，召开地点：以双月为名的双月星第一魔法学校。
The time and place of this year's competition between schools have been set, and it will be held on July 15, at the first magic school of Shuangyue Star named after Shuangyue.
大比的报名截止时间到七月十日为止。 The deadline for registration is July 10.
往年这段时间绝大多数的学生都在拼专业等级考试。 In previous years, the vast majority of students were fighting for professional level exams during this time.
这也是最为公平的一种选拔方式。 This is also the fairest way to select.
你想去参加大比赚学分和争夺个人荣誉？ Do you want to participate in the big competition to earn credits and compete for personal honors?
你觉得自己很优秀，能代表学校各大专业参赛？ Do you think you are good enough to represent the school's major in the competition?
行，那你就参加专业等级考试，学校只会挑选最优秀的三人过去。
Okay, then you will take the professional level exam, and the school will only select the best three people.
但也有那么极少数的学生拿到了教授的推荐，不用参加专业等级考试也能代表学校去参加大比。
However, there are also a very small number of students who have been recommended by their professors and can participate in the big competition on behalf of the school without taking the professional level exam.
对于这些尖子生，其他学生是又羡慕又妒忌，但也拿他们无可奈何，谁让教授更青睐他们。
For these top students, other students are envious and jealous, but they are also helpless, who makes the professor favor them more.
但今年却发生了一桩比较奇怪的事，那就是所有拿到教授推荐的尖子生们竟然也要参加专业等级考试了。
But this year, a strange thing happened, that is, all the top students who got the recommendation of the professor actually had to take the professional level exam.
据说是为了让选拔更公平、更透明。 It is said to make the selection fairer and more transparent.
实际上…… As a matter of fact......
虫老在看到王小叶拿到那封通知信的当天，就直接点亮副校长乾明的水晶球，张嘴就狂喷：“你们是对老头我有意见吗？别人推荐弟子去参加大比，都随便去。怎么轮到我这儿，我弟子就得去参加专业考级？说，你对我是不是早有怨恨？有怨恨，我们擂台见，别折腾我弟子！”
On the day he saw Wang Xiaoye get the notification letter, he directly lit up the crystal ball of Vice Principal Qianming, and opened his mouth to spray wildly: "Do you have any opinions about the old man?" When others recommend their disciples to participate in the big competition, they all go casually. Why is it my turn that my disciple has to take the professional examination? Say, do you have a grudge against me? If there is a grudge, we will see you in the ring, don't toss my disciple! ”
乾明副校长：“……”谁跟你擂台见？我是皮太厚想被虫子啃薄一点吗？
Vice Principal Qianming: "......, who will meet you in the ring?" Am I too thick and want to be eaten thinner by bugs?
副校长秒怂。他根本不敢和这刁钻古怪偏偏实力极为强横的老头一起探讨先考专业考试也不影响王叶，反而会给王叶增加底气这一点事实。
The vice principal was stunned. He didn't dare to discuss the fact that taking the professional exam first would not affect Wang Ye, but would increase Wang Ye's confidence with this tricky and eccentric old man.
副校长大人只再三说明那封信只是一个建议，并不是真的非要王叶去参加专业大比。
The vice principal only repeatedly explained that the letter was just a suggestion, and it was not really necessary for Wang Ye to participate in the professional competition.
换言之，您老想让您弟子去，就去。不想让他去，就不让他去。全看您心情！
In other words, if you always want your disciple to go, just go. If you don't want him to go, you won't let him go. It's all up to you!
结果虫老却冷哼一声，带着满满的傲气和不想隐藏的得意说道：“我弟子说了，他不想让我这个做师父的为难，不就是去考个专业等级吗，他去。”
As a result, the worm elder snorted coldly, and said with full arrogance and pride that he didn't want to hide: "My disciple said, he doesn't want me to be embarrassed as a master, isn't he just going to take a professional level, he goes." ”
副校长刚想夸奖懂事的王小叶两句，就听虫老拖长语调又加了一句：“不过……”
The vice principal just wanted to praise the sensible Wang Xiaoye for two sentences, but he listened to the worm old man's long tone and added: "But ......"
副校长：我讨厌转折句！ Vice Principal: I hate inflections!
“不过什么？”副校长不管心里多么咆哮，他脸上仍旧保持着笑意，礼貌问道。
"But what?" No matter how much the vice principal roared in his heart, he still kept a smile on his face and asked politely.
虫老：“当然是要公平！我弟子去考级可以，其他人也都得考。凭什么只要我弟子单独考？要考大家一起考，要我说这才最公平。”
Worm Boss: "Of course it's fair!" It's okay for my disciples to take the exam, but everyone else has to take the exam too. Why only do my disciples take the test alone? If you want to take the test together, you want me to say that this is the fairest. ”
乾明副校长想哭：您老可真会给我找事啊。您是想让我得罪多少教授和学校的老怪物？
Vice President Qianming wanted to cry: You are really good at finding trouble for me. How many professors and old monsters of the school do you want me to offend?
最后副校长大人只能表示他会慎重考虑。 In the end, the Vice Chancellor could only say that he would consider it carefully.
“晚上之前给我明确消息。” "Give me clear news before the evening."
“……好。”此时乾明副校长特别想把校长拖出来暴揍一顿。
“…… Good. At this time, Vice Principal Qianming especially wanted to drag the principal out and beat him up.
对，不是揍虫老……打不过还凑上去那叫找揍。 Yes, not a bug beater...... If you can't beat it, you can still get up to it, it's called looking for a beating.
那个该死的甩手掌柜！全世界所有魔法学校，就他们学校的校长当得最轻松。把所有管理事务都扔给他们这些副校长，自己到处浪！
That damn hands-off shopkeeper! Of all the magic schools in the world, it is easiest for them to be the headmaster. Throw all the management affairs to them, the vice principals, and wave them everywhere!
等着！等这次大比，我一定让你逃无可逃，接下来你就给我老老实实待在学校管理校务吧。乾明副校长杀气腾腾。
Wait! Wait for this big competition, I will definitely let you have no escape, and then you will let me stay honestly in the school and manage school affairs. Vice President Qianming was murderous.
刚刚切断和虫老的联系，水晶球又亮起来了。 As soon as the connection with the worm was severed, the crystal ball lit up again.
这次是举世无双大美人兰道教授。 This time it's Professor Landau, a beauty like no other in the world.
只看到这位教授的脸，副校长心脏就颤了颤。 Just seeing the professor's face made the vice president's heart tremble.
这跟爱啊喜欢的没关系，就是有种美貌他真的可以成为武器，暴击效果一流。
This has nothing to do with love, it has nothing to do with what I like, it's just that there is a kind of beauty that he can really use as a weapon, and the crit effect is first-class.
兰道教授人长得好看，但说话却比较冷，感觉总和人隔了一层。
Professor Landau is good-looking, but he speaks coldly, and he feels that he is always separated from others.
而且这位大约是大贵族出身的缘故，浑身都透出一股矜贵气，气质好得要命。
And because this person is about to be born in a big noble, he exudes a noble air all over his body, and his temperament is so good.
“乾明副校长，打搅您了。”看看这客气的。 "Vice Principal Qianming, I'm sorry to disturb you." Look at this kind of way.
“不打搅不打搅，兰道教授您是有什么事要吩咐吗？” "Don't bother, don't bother, Professor Landau, do you have something to order?"
“不敢说吩咐。只是……我听说我的亲传弟子王叶收到了学校的通知，要求他务必参加专业等级考试。”
"Don't dare to say what you command. It's just that...... I heard that my personal disciple Wang Ye received a notice from the school asking him to take the professional level exam. ”
副校长：“……” Vice Chancellor: "......"
“其实王叶刚从秘境学习归来时，我就跟他说，让他最好去参加一下卷轴专业的等级考试。虽说我这个弟子在卷轴方面的天赋极强，但参加等级资格考试对他也没什么坏处。”
"Actually, when Wang Ye had just returned from studying in the secret realm, I told him that it was best for him to take the level exam of the scroll major. Although this disciple of mine is extremely talented in scrolls, it doesn't hurt him to take the rank qualification exam. ”
“您说得对。我也是这么认为的。”副校长感动。 "You're right. I think so too. The Vice Chancellor was moved.
兰道教授清清淡淡地微微一笑：“但我没想到学校教务处会特地发一封通知，要·求我的弟子，务·必去参加等级考试。”
Professor Landau smiled lightly: "But I didn't expect that the school's Academic Affairs Office would send a special notice to ask my disciple to take the grade exam. ”
副校长：“……” Vice Chancellor: "......"
“不知道是不是今年所有拿到推荐资格去参加大比的学生，都要参加相应项目的专业等级考试？如果是这样，我一定会督促小家伙去考。”
"I wonder if all the students who have obtained the recommended qualifications to participate in the big competition this year will have to take the professional level exam of the corresponding project? If that's the case, I'll definitely urge the little guy to take the test. ”
副校长一咬牙，斩钉截铁地道：“对，今年规则改了，为了更公平，学校决定所有学生，包括拿到推荐资格的，也必须参加相应专业等级资格考试。”
The vice principal gritted his teeth and said categorically: "Yes, the rules have been changed this year, and in order to be fairer, the school has decided that all students, including those who have obtained the recommendation qualification, must also take the corresponding professional level qualification examination." ”
“这样啊，我明白了，我就不打搅您工作了，愿您一切安好。”兰道得到想要的答案，身影从水晶球中消失。
"In this way, I understand, I won't disturb your work, I wish you all the best." Landau got the answer he wanted, and his figure disappeared from the crystal ball.
副校长：“……”管理工作真他么难啊！学校大佬真他么多啊！
虽然大佬多，对他们学校也有好处，但这种时候真头疼啊。
嗑嗑，办公室大门被敲响。
副校长收拾情绪，挥手打开大门：“请进。” The vice principal collected his emotions and waved open the door: "Please come in." ”
覃甘河副校长从外面笑眯眯地走了进来，进来就说：“老乾啊，听说学校教务处给王小叶发了一封通知，让他……”
Vice Principal Qin Ganhe walked in from outside with a smile on his face, and when he came in, he said, "Old Qian, I heard that the school's Academic Affairs Office sent a notice to Wang Xiaoye, asking him to ......."
“停！”乾明副校长手一指，冷笑道：“你是不是也来跟我说做事要公平的？”
"Stop!" Vice Principal Qianming pointed his hand and sneered: "Did you also come to tell me to be fair?" ”
覃副校长笑容不改：“哎呀，这话怎么说的。要我说，这座学校办事最稳妥最公平的就是你老乾了。不过不是我说哈，那通知单独发给王小叶一个人，是不是有点不太好？”
Vice President Qin's smile did not change: "Oh, how did you say this." If you want me to say, the safest and fairest thing in this school is your old man. But it's not me saying ha, isn't it a bit bad to send the notice to Wang Xiaoye alone? ”
乾明副校长脸黑了。 Vice Principal Qianming's face darkened.
覃副校长：“咳，我知道学校因为他中了千木之毒的事，对他的能力和资质有疑问。学校不放心，我也能明白，不过那孩子在培植方面的天赋真的很不错，我教导过那么多学生，那孩子似乎本能地就知道什么植物适合什么样的土壤。你是没见过那孩子调配出来的培植液，真的非常特殊，没有半点负面能量，你能相信吗？”
Vice Principal Qin: "Ahem, I know that the school has doubts about his ability and qualifications because of the poison of a thousand trees. I can understand that the school is not at ease, but the child's talent in cultivation is really good, and I have taught so many students that the child seems to instinctively know what plants are suitable for what kind of soil. You haven't seen the cultivation liquid that the kid concocted, it's really very special, there is no negative energy, can you believe it? ”
乾明副校长黑掉的脸色稍微恢复了一些，对老友，他就不用客气了，当下没好气地道：“你们一个个是不是约好的？”
Vice Principal Qianming's dark face recovered a little, and he didn't have to be polite to his old friend, and said angrily at the moment: "Are you all agreed?" ”
覃副校长脸上打出问号。 Vice President Qin put a question mark on his face.
乾明副校长一副心累的模样挥挥手，头疼道：“知道你们心疼那孩子，难道我就不心疼他了吗？那可是我们学校的学生。那孩子还大大小小立了几次功，学校都记着呢。但是他中的毒……学校会担心也是理所当然嘛。”
Vice Principal Qianming waved his hand with a tired look, and said with a headache: "I know that you feel sorry for that child, don't I feel sorry for him?" That's a student at our school. That kid also made a few contributions, big and small, and the school remembered it. But the poison in him ...... It's no surprise that schools are worried. ”
“当然当然。”覃副校长不住点头。 "Of course, of course." Vice Principal Qin couldn't help but nod.
乾明正色道：“那孩子的情况到底怎么样？他的千木之毒解了没有？”
Qianming Zhengse said: "What is the child's situation?" Has his poison of a thousand trees been cured? ”
“解应该是没彻底解除，不过应该是被压制住了。否则虫老和兰道教授也不可能放任他去那个秘境，还让他代表学校去参加专业大比。而且我听那孩子说，他进了知识之塔，还去了圣东郡药剂店，更去了……垃圾山，还在那里待了一段时间。你不觉得这孩子的运气非常好吗？”
"The solution should not have been completely lifted, but it should have been suppressed. Otherwise, it would be impossible for Worm Lao and Professor Landau to let him go to that secret realm, and let him represent the school to participate in the professional competition. And I heard the boy say that he went into the Tower of Knowledge, and went to the St. East County Apothecary, and even more so to ...... Garbage Mountain, still there for a while. Don't you think this kid's luck is very good? ”
“他去了垃圾山？还待了一段时间？”乾明一惊。 "He went to the garbage mountain? Still a while? Qianming was shocked.
老覃郑重点头，有点炫耀地道：“我还收到那孩子带给我的秘境土特产了。哈哈哈，那孩子说法真有意思。圣东郡药剂店出品，一株完整的枸骨龙叶树幼苗！虽然只是六级魔植，但外面已经找不到了。你说他这运气，以前去过那秘境的咱校的学生，谁能比得上？”
Lao Qin nodded solemnly, and said a little ostentatiously: "I also received the secret realm souvenir that the child brought me." Hahaha, that's really interesting. Produced by the St. East County Apothecary, a complete chilc dragon leaf tree seedling! Although it was only a sixth-level demon plant, it couldn't be found outside. You said that he was lucky, who can compare to the students of our school who have been to that secret realm before? ”
“哼。”乾明给了老覃一个白眼，瞧把你得意的，那又不是你弟子。
"Hmph." Qianming gave Lao Qin a roll of his eyes, look at you proudly, that is not your disciple.
老覃秒变苦瓜脸，回瞪老同事。他又不是不想收王叶，是虫老看得太紧好吧，还说他一个副校长收什么弟子，还说他误人子弟，气得他差点……好吧，他不会和虫老打的，他敬老！
Lao Qin turned into a bitter gourd face in seconds and glared back at his old colleague. It's not that he doesn't want to accept Wang Ye, it's that the worm old man looks at it too closely, and he also said that he is a vice principal who accepts disciples, and he also said that he mistook people's children, so angry that he almost ...... Well, he won't fight with the worm, he respects the old!
之后他还没来得及去游说王小叶，就耽搁了那么几天的工夫，谁想那孩子竟然运气好到把那个大名鼎鼎的卷轴大宗师兰道从魔画中释放了出来，偏偏兰道又发现了那孩子的卷轴天赋，就那么理所当然地把王小叶划到自己名下了。
唉，谁让他只是一个曾经教培植的药园副园长。他自卑啊！
他敢跟这两位大佬抢徒弟吗？啊，那是嫌命长呢还是嫌命长呢？
Does he dare to rob apprentices with these two bigwigs? Ah, is that a long life or a long life?
乾明副校长看着老同事的神情，莫名生出了一点点同情心。嗯，只有一点点，一毫米都多。这位好歹还收到礼物了，他可没收到王小叶的秘境土特产，连一粒土都没看到！
Vice President Qianming looked at the expressions of his old colleagues, and inexplicably felt a little sympathy. Well, just a little, a millimeter more. This guy also received a gift, but he didn't receive Wang Xiaoye's secret realm souvenirs, and he didn't even see a grain of soil!
两位副校长商讨了一会儿，半个小时后，又把管理高层召集起来开了一个紧急会议。
于是，今年开始，陨星魔法学校的学生，只要想争夺大比名额的，都得先进行专业等级资格考，不管你是谁的弟子都得考。
Therefore, starting this year, the students of the Falling Star Magic School, as long as they want to compete for the quota of the big competition, must first take the professional level qualification exam, no matter who you are as a disciple.
而谁也不知道，陨星魔法学校会改变千百年维持的规则，只因为一个学生……他的两位指导教授太牛掰了。
And no one knew that the Falling Star School of Magic would change the rules that had been maintained for thousands of years, just because of one student...... His two advisors were too good.
王叶知道这件事后，还跟雷木感叹：“后台这东西，真的很重要很重要啊。”
After Wang Ye knew about this, he sighed to Lei Mu: "This thing in the background is really important and important." ”
雷木失笑，揉揉王小叶的脑袋：“也好，这样更公平。省得大家知道你要参加三门大比，又闹出是非来。”
Lei Mu smiled and rubbed Wang Xiaoye's head: "It's okay, it's fairer this way." Save everyone from knowing that you are going to participate in the three-door competition, and make trouble. ”
“人红是非多。”王叶嘀咕：“我这还没红呢。算了，先做好要红的准备吧。”
"There are many people who are popular." Wang Ye muttered: "I'm not red yet." Forget it, get ready to be red. ”
疯药王飘过来戳他：“要么你把制药专业的资格也考了吧，药师专业也可以考。”
The mad medicine king floated over and poked him: "Either you can also take the qualification of the pharmaceutical major, and you can also take the pharmacist major." ”
靳蜘蛛也爬过来：“炼金你也能考，五级绝不成问题。”
Jin Spider also crawled over: "You can also take the alchemy test, and the fifth level will never be a problem." ”
王叶眼珠滴溜溜转个不停，他也想考啊，那可是任务链，不管考哪个专业，他都能得到经验值。
Wang Ye's eyes kept rolling, he also wanted to take the test, it was a task chain, no matter which major he was examined, he could get experience points.
“但我要是考的专业太多，还都考到中级以上，会不会太高调了？我今年才九岁啊，要是再来几位教授哭着喊着要收我为亲传弟子，怎么办？好为难啊。”王叶真心担忧道。
"But if I take too many majors, and I still get to the intermediate level or above, will it be too high-profile? I'm only nine years old this year, what if a few more professors cry and shout to accept me as a disciple? It's embarrassing. Wang Ye was genuinely worried.
雷木：“……” Raimi: "......"
疯药王靳蜘蛛转身就走。他们怕他们会忍不住想把这小兔崽子活埋了！
The mad medicine king Jin Spider turned around and left. They were afraid that they would be tempted to bury the little rabbit alive!
王叶捧着本子写写算算，最终决定先只考三个专业，培植、驭虫、卷轴，就这三个了。
Wang Ye held the notebook to write and calculate, and finally decided to only take three majors first, cultivation, insect control, and scroll, just these three.
其他专业可以放到后面慢慢考，反正这个任务链又没有时间限制。
Other majors can be put in the back and slowly tested, anyway, there is no time limit for this task chain.
在魔法学校报考专业等级资格认证最方便的地方就在于，他们不用在特定时间赶到特定地点进行考试。
The most convenient thing about applying for a professional level qualification at a magic school is that they don't have to travel to a specific place at a specific time to take the exam.
学校有专门前往幻境考场的传送门，进门就开始考试。 The school has a special portal to the Fantasy Exam Room, and the exam starts when you enter the door.
而幻境考场会根据你的表现，给出极为专业的判断，不打分，只判断你是否得到相应的专业等级资格。
The Fantasy Exam Room will give a very professional judgment based on your performance, and will not score you, but only judge whether you have obtained the corresponding professional level qualifications.
不过等级考试有一点十分不友好，就是不能越级考试，不管是谁，都得一级一级地考。前一级的考试资格就是后一级考场的入门钥匙之一，没有，你连考场都进不去。
However, there is one thing that is very unfriendly about the level exam, that is, you can't skip the exam, no matter who it is, you have to take it one by one. The qualification of the previous level is one of the keys to the entrance to the next level of the examination room, and if not, you will not even be able to enter the examination room.
这里需要说明的是制药专业等级考试和药师等级资格考试不太一样。
It should be noted here that the pharmaceutical professional grade examination is not the same as the pharmacist grade qualification examination.
药师除了制药，更还有医师的作用。也就是药师必须会医术，要能诊断病人的病情，还要能给出治疗方案，不是说你会炼药就能成为药师。
In addition to making medicines, pharmacists also play the role of physicians. That is to say, a pharmacist must be able to heal, to be able to diagnose the patient's condition, and to be able to give a treatment plan, not that you can become a pharmacist if you can refine medicine.
有些药师甚至还要学会占卜、祈祷、通灵、除魔等类似巫医的学问。
Some medicine men even have to learn divination, prayer, channeling, exorcism, and other similar skills to witch doctors.
所以药师资格认证和制药专业等级考试不能划为一谈。想要考药师资格，必须去专门的药师公会进行考核。
Therefore, pharmacist qualification certification and pharmaceutical professional level examination cannot be separated. If you want to take the pharmacist qualification, you must go to a special pharmacist association for the examination.
之前王叶拿到初级药师资格，系统就给他算了奖励，所以药师资格认证并不算在这个专业等级考的任务链里。
Before Wang Ye obtained the junior pharmacist qualification, the system calculated the reward for him, so the pharmacist qualification certification was not included in the task chain of this professional level test.
就在王叶兢兢业业开始三个专业的等级考试时。 Just when Wang Ye conscientiously started the level exams of the three majors.
遥远的东大陆，隶属于白鹿国的十万大山中走出来一名看不出详细年岁、身高超过一米九的修长男子。
In the distant Eastern Continent, a slender man with a height of more than one meter nine walked out from the 100,000 mountains belonging to the White Deer Country.
男子目光犀利，气质如刀锋，身姿极为挺拔，脸上却带着一点点玩世不恭的笑意，身上还背着一个药篓，篓子里放着一把药锄。
The man's eyes are sharp, his temperament is like a blade, his posture is extremely upright, but there is a little cynical smile on his face, and he also carries a medicine basket with a medicine hoe in the basket.
“呖——”一声雕鸣。 "Uh-" a carving sounded.
半空冲下一只金雕。 A golden eagle rushed down from mid-air.
男子伸手，金雕落在他手上就化为了一封魔法信函。 The man stretched out his hand, and the golden eagle landed in his hand and turned into a magical letter.
信封上有着一个眼熟的标志，是双月魔法学校的校徽。 There was a familiar logo on the envelope, the emblem of the Two Moons School of Magic.
男子刚要打开这封魔法信，就见天空接二连三传来雕鸣，一只又一只金雕落到他手上变成魔法信。
As soon as the man was about to open the magic letter, he saw a series of eagle sounds from the sky, and one after another golden eagles fell into his hand and turned into magic letters.
看来他一年半没出山，不少人都十分想念他呢。 It seems that he hasn't been out of the mountain for a year and a half, and many people miss him very much.
男子先打开了来自双月魔法学校的魔法信，边走边看。 The man opened the magic letter from the Twin Moon School of Magic, reading it as he walked.
明明是杂乱的山野林地，他却如履平地。 It was obviously a messy mountain and woodland, but he walked on the ground.
看完信件，男子诧异。原来已经又到一年一度各校大比的时候了吗？
After reading the letter, the man was surprised. It turns out that it's time for the annual competition between schools?
去年、前年、大前年……他好像已经有四五年都没回去学校，今年校长都亲自来信了，似乎再不回去有点不太好？
Last year, the year before last, the year before last...... He doesn't seem to have been back to school for four or five years, and this year the principal has personally written from him, so it seems that it's not a good idea not to go back?
原本他还想去银月帝国看看，他在那里欠了一个人的人情，想去还掉，但既然校长亲自来信了，又正逢各校大比期，那就回去看看吧。
Originally, he also wanted to go to the Silver Moon Empire to have a look, he owed a favor to someone there, and he wanted to pay it back, but since the principal personally sent a letter, and it coincided with the big competition between the schools, let's go back and take a look.
校长来信不止是催他回去，更是在给他推荐一个学生。 The principal's letter was not only urging him to go back, but also recommending a student to him.
校长甚至对那名学生用上了“药学天赋五百年难得一见”这样的词汇，说那孩子才十五岁的年纪就已经拿到药剂专业四级资格，如今正在向五级挑战。
The principal even used words like "Pharmacy talent is rare in 500 years" to the student, saying that the child had already obtained the fourth-level qualification in pharmacy at the age of fifteen, and was now challenging the fifth-level qualification.
十五岁，制药四级，倒真能称得上一声天才。 Fifteen years old, pharmaceutical level 4, can really be called a genius.
但是不是五百年难得一见，他得回去看看才知道。 But it's not a rare sight in 500 years, he has to go back and see it.
如果真的不错，他也不是不可以收一个弟子。 If it's really good, it's not like he can't accept a disciple.
当然，想做他弟子，可不是校长推荐就可以，先挨过他的考验再说吧。
Of course, if you want to be his disciple, you can't just be recommended by the principal, so let's go through his test first.
第188章 到达、错过、练摊 Chapter 188: Arrive, Miss, Practice Stall
七月十二日，西大陆。 July 12, West Continent.
双月魔法学校这几天特别热闹，每天都有近十个魔法学校的参赛者队伍赶到。
The Twin Moon School of Magic is particularly lively these days, with nearly ten teams of contestants from the School of Magic arriving every day.
乘坐魔法飞船和魔法列车的队伍最多，而今天目前为止最吸引人目光的是以驭兽扬名的战兽魔法学校，他们的队伍全员都骑着一只飞行魔兽。
There are the largest number of teams riding magic ships and magic trains, and the most eye-catching one so far today is the War Beast Magic School, which is famous for its beast control, and their team is all riding a flying magical beast.
当上百只飞行魔兽从上空列着整齐的队伍飞过时，真的非常吸引人的目光，而且气势特别强大。
When hundreds of flying demonic beasts flew by in a neat line from above, it was really very attractive to the eye, and the momentum was particularly powerful.
想想看，如果这些魔法师们从空中丢攻击魔法下来…… Think about it, if these mages threw attack magic down from the air......
所以战兽魔法学校别看他们其他专业很弱，但论打架，他们绝对能排进全世界各超凡学校前三位。
Therefore, the War Beast Magic School doesn't look at their other majors as weak, but when it comes to fighting, they can definitely rank in the top three of all the transcendent schools in the world.
另外你看过海浪在天空一浪又一浪的滚过吗？ Also, have you ever seen the waves rolling in the sky, wave after wave?
现在你可以看到了。 Now you can see it.
王叶盯着天空那滚滚海浪，嘴巴张得大大。 Wang Ye stared at the rolling waves in the sky, his mouth wide open.
“木木，你看！” "Mumu, look!"
“我看到了。那应该就是海族超凡者综合学校的参赛队伍。”
"I saw it. That should be the team of the Sea Clan Transcendent Comprehensive School. ”
“爸叽！皮卡叽~”金宝蹲在雷木爸爸肩头上，仰着小脑袋看天空，激动得要死，他还没看过这样的情景呢，出来一趟果然见世面了。
"Dad! Pikachi~" Jinbao squatted on the shoulder of Lei Mu's father, looked up at the sky with his little head up, and was so excited that he died, he hadn't seen such a scene yet, and he really saw the world when he came out.
小树人从王叶背着的背包里顶出一条缝，偷偷往外看。 The little tree man pushed a crack out of the backpack that Wang Ye was carrying and secretly looked out.
小光就停驻在王叶的头发上，它似乎学会隐形了，只要不扒着王叶的头发看，几乎看不到它。
Xiaoguang stopped on Wang Ye's hair, it seemed to have learned to be invisible, as long as it didn't look at Wang Ye's hair, it could hardly be seen.
王叶目眩神迷：“没看到之前根本想不到，现在想想，海浪漂浮在天空完全有可能，因为云朵也是水啊。说不定有个世界就是海洋在天空。”
Wang Ye was dazzled: "I couldn't have thought of it before I saw it, but now that I think about it, it's completely possible for the waves to float in the sky, because the clouds are also water." Maybe there's a world where the ocean is in the sky. ”
雷木笑笑：“万事皆有可能。” Lei Mu smiled: "Anything is possible. ”
海浪突然变成巨大的瀑布，从天降落，那气势也很凶猛，不知道的还以为该校要水淹双月魔法学校。
The waves suddenly turned into a huge waterfall and fell from the sky, and the momentum was also very fierce, and those who didn't know thought that the school was going to flood the Double Moon Magic School.
几小：哇哦！ Xiaoxiao: Wow!
幸好负责接待的双月师生都算得上见多识广，见到这一幕也很淡定。
Fortunately, the teachers and students in charge of the reception are well-informed, and they are also very calm when they see this scene.
果然那几乎带上毁天灭地气势的超级大瀑布刚刚落到地面，就全部化作一个个智慧生物。
Sure enough, as soon as the super waterfall with the momentum of destroying the world fell to the ground, it all turned into intelligent creatures.
之所以说是智慧生物，因为这些生物并不是全都具有人形。
The reason why they are intelligent beings is because not all of these creatures have human form.
海族超凡者综合学校是一座以海中智慧生物为主的超凡者学校，也相当于是海族对陆地世界的一个交流窗口。
The Sea Clan Transcendent Comprehensive School is a transcendent school that focuses on intelligent creatures in the sea, and it is also equivalent to a communication window between the Sea Clan and the land world.
“又有学校队伍过来了。”王叶有点小兴奋：“哇，那是什么？战争堡垒吗？好酷啊！木木快看，是兽人战士！”
"Another school team is coming." Wang Ye was a little excited: "Wow, what is that?" War Bastion? That's cool! Mu Mu looks, it's an orc warrior! ”
“皮卡叽！”好威武啊，爸叽我们也弄一个吧~ "Pikachi!" It's so mighty, Dad, let's get one too~
小光：“咿咿~”没有虫巢好。 Xiaoguang: "Babbling~" It's not as good as a hive.
小云：我就看，我不说话。 Xiaoyun: I just look, I don't speak.
王叶把虫巢空间对外的视野也打开了，确保疯药王和靳蜘蛛他们待在虫巢里也能看到和听到外面。
Wang Ye also opened up the view of the hive space to the outside, ensuring that the Mad Medicine King and Jin Spider could see and hear the outside while they were in the hive.
靳蜘蛛现在在虫巢里越待越自在，原本王叶提过让他可以自由选择是居住在学校还是居住在陨星城，哪怕到其他地方随便浪都可以，但靳蜘蛛表示他就想守着自己的身体，哪里也不去。而且他觉得虫巢很好，安全舒服还自在。
Jin Spider is now more and more comfortable in the worm nest, originally Wang Ye mentioned that he can freely choose whether to live in the school or live in Meteorite City, even if he can go to other places casually, but Jin Spider said that he wants to guard his body and not go anywhere. And he felt that the hive was very good, safe and comfortable.
想把人赶走却怎么都赶不走的王叶：“……” Wang Ye, who wanted to drive people away but couldn't get rid of them: "......"
兽人超凡者综合学校的学生跟一般地球玩家印象中的粗鲁野蛮形象很是不同，他们更像是军伍出身，完全是军事化教育管理的学校，那校服更应该叫做皮质战甲。
The students of the Orc Transcendent Comprehensive School are very different from the rude and savage image of the average Earth player's impression, they are more like a military background, a school that is completely militarized education and management, and the school uniform should be called a leather armor.
而兽人族的战争堡垒在整个双月星都很有名，据说是由兽人萨满以骨头、鲜血和生命为原材料，通过一种兽人族萨满独有的秘法炼制而成。
The orc war fortress is famous throughout the Twin Moon Stars, and is said to have been made by orc shamans using bones, blood, and life as raw materials through a secret method unique to orc shamans.
传说只要兽人族战士距离他们的战争堡垒不超过一千米远，就能从战争堡垒获得源源不断的战斗力，就算不幸战死，他们的灵魂也能回到战争堡垒中重生，而尸体则化作巩固战争堡垒的能量。
Legend has it that as long as the orc warriors are no more than a thousand meters away from their war fortress, they can gain a steady stream of combat power from the war fortress, and even if they are unfortunately killed in battle, their souls can return to the war fortress to be reborn, and their corpses will be turned into energy to strengthen the war fortress.
王叶忍不住跟雷木小声嘀咕：“看看人家学校，一个个多有特色。再看看我们学校，真是土掉渣了，竟然一辆马车就把我们全部装来了。”
Wang Ye couldn't help but whisper to Lei Mu: "Look at other people's schools, they all have many characteristics." If you look at our school again, it's really dirty, and a carriage loaded us all in. ”
而且那马车还没有马，只有驾车人。 And the carriage had no horses, only drivers.
驾车人还是王叶的老熟人，老方。 The driver is still Wang Ye's old acquaintance, Lao Fang.
雷木捏了捏王小叶的后脖颈：“那马车是普通的马车吗？外面看着那么小，里面空间却那么大，我们晚上还有各自睡觉的房间，带队的教授和学校管理者都没跟我们待在一块。更不要说它的攻防和破空能力。如果我没看错，那马车绝对是不低于九级中阶的魔器，很可能已经无限接近于十级。这才叫低调的奢华，懂？”
Lei Mu pinched the back of Wang Xiaoye's neck: "Is that carriage an ordinary carriage?" It looked so small on the outside, but there was so much space inside, we had our own sleeping rooms at night, and the professors and school administrators who led the team didn't stay with us. Not to mention its offensive and defensive and air-breaking capabilities. If I'm not mistaken, that carriage is definitely a magic weapon that is not lower than the ninth level intermediate level, and it is likely to be infinitely close to the tenth level. It's called low-key luxury, you know? ”
王叶不是不懂，他是没话找话，他就喜欢这样跟雷木瞎扯蛋。
It's not that Wang Ye doesn't understand, he has nothing to say, he likes to talk nonsense with Lei Mu like this.
雷木如果懂得儿童（？）心理学，就会明白这只是某人寻求他关注的一种方式。
If Raimu understands children (?) psychology, it will be understood that this is just a way for someone to seek his attention.
王叶拉着雷木看了半天热闹，终于心满意足地返程。 Wang Ye pulled Lei Mu to watch the excitement for a long time, and finally returned satisfied.
金宝跳到王叶背包里，兴奋得和小云叽叽个不停。 Jinbao jumped into Wang Ye's backpack and chatted with Xiaoyun with excitement.
据说明后两天才是各校到达的最高峰，明天最少二十，十四号那天甚至能达到三十所学校以上。
It is said that the next two days will be the peak of the arrival of each school, and tomorrow it will be at least the 20th, and the 14th will even reach more than 30 schools.
陨星魔法学校来得早，在定下大比名额后，学校在十一号也就是昨天早上就带着队伍出发，昨天傍晚前就赶到了位于西大陆的双月魔法学校。
The Meteorite School of Magic came early, and after setting the quota for the big competition, the school set off with the team on the eleventh day, that is, yesterday morning, and rushed to the Double Moon Magic School in the Western Continent before yesterday evening.
双月学校的接待者把他们引领到各大学校的临时驻扎区，跟他们交代了一些注意事项，就离开了。
The receptionist of the Bimonthly School led them to the temporary quarters of the major schools, explained some precautions to them, and left.
带队的乾明副校长只叮嘱他们这些参赛学生不准跑出临时驻扎区，倒是没有禁止他们跑到迎接点兼签到处看热闹。
Vice President Qianming, who led the team, only told them that the participating students were not allowed to run out of the temporary stationing area, but did not prohibit them from running to the greeting point and sign-in place to watch the excitement.
王叶昨晚挤到雷木房间睡了个好觉，一大早就拉着雷木，带着几小，到处闲逛。
Wang Ye squeezed into Lei Mu's room last night and had a good night's sleep, and pulled Lei Mu early in the morning, took a few small ones, and wandered around.
可惜双月魔法学校内部不让他们这些外来者进入，王叶几个只能在外围观摩第一魔法学校的恢弘。
It's a pity that outsiders like outsiders are not allowed to enter the Shuangyue Magic School, and Wang Ye and the others can only observe the grandeur of the First Magic School on the periphery.
说来这座双月星排名第一的魔法学校就开在银月帝国的隔壁，别看人家叫魔法学校，但该校的领土范围不亚于半个银月帝国，是个没有冠以国名，却掌握着大量领土和资源和民众的超级魔法学校。
Speaking of which, this magic school ranked first in the Double Moon Star is located next door to the Silver Moon Empire, don't look at the magic school that people call it, but the territory of the school is no less than half of the Silver Moon Empire, it is a super magic school that does not have a national name, but controls a lot of territory and resources and people.
王叶上辈子就顾着拼命升级，以及和玩家斗，对双月星的本土势力都不太了解，自然也不清楚双月魔法学校和银月帝国的关系。
Wang Ye had been desperately leveling up and fighting with players in his previous life, and he didn't know much about the local forces of the Double Moon Star, and naturally he didn't know the relationship between the Double Moon Magic School and the Silver Moon Empire.
但在他想来，卧榻之侧岂容他人鼾睡？不管是银月帝国还是双月魔法学校，都是庞然大物，他们肯定都很不爽也在警惕邻居的强大。
But in his mind, how could others be allowed to snore on the side of the couch? Whether it is the Silver Moon Empire or the Twin Moon Magic School, they are all behemoths, and they must be very unhappy and wary of the strength of their neighbors.
雷木对这座魔法学校还算比较了解，就边走边跟王小叶介绍这座学校的一些信息。
Lei Mu knew a lot about this magic school, so he introduced some information about this school to Wang Xiaoye as he walked.
王叶这才知道这座学校之所以敢以双月为名，除了她的创始人很牛掰以外，该校在招生上采取了包容并蓄的政策，打开门欢迎各族学生，甚至为一些困难种族提供保护。
Only then did Wang Ye know that the reason why this school dared to use the name of Biyue was that in addition to the fact that her founder was very bullish, the school adopted an inclusive policy in recruitment, opened its doors to welcome students of all races, and even provided protection for some difficult races.
为此，多年下来，双月魔法学校的领土上有多种智慧生物生活，是种族数量最多也最杂的一个地区。
For this reason, over the years, the territory of the Twin Moon School of Magic has been inhabited by a variety of intelligent creatures, and it is the region with the largest number of races and the most mixed.
而双月魔法学校和这些智慧种族也成为了互为犄角之势的关系。让旁边的银月帝国看着这么大一块地盘和丰富资源流口水，却不敢轻易开咬。
And the Twin Moon School of Magic and these intelligent races have also become a relationship of mutual horns. Let the Silver Moon Empire next to him drool when he looked at such a large piece of territory and rich resources, but he didn't dare to bite it easily.
就在王叶几个离开迎接点时。 Just when Wang Ye left the greeting point.
闻笛就跟普通外来者一样，乘坐魔法列车来到双月魔法学校站。
Wendi is like an ordinary outsider, taking the magic train to the Double Moon Magic School station.
从站台出来走路十分钟就是双月学校大门，很方便。 It is a 10-minute walk from the platform to the gate of the Shuangyue School, which is very convenient.
在闻笛出来时，还有一所一看就是小型学校的比赛队伍也正从车厢里出来。
When the flute came out, a competition team from what looked like a small school was also coming out of the carriage.
年轻的少年男女们大约是第一次出远门，一个个就像放出笼子的小鸟，叽叽喳喳欢腾无比。
The young men and women went out for about the first time, and one by one they were like birds released from their cages, chirping and jubilant.
带队的教授不断招呼他们，叮嘱他们不要乱跑。 The professor who led the team kept greeting them and telling them not to run around.
闻笛目光扫过这些朝气蓬勃的学生仔，背起他心爱的药篓，不紧不慢地向双月学校大门走去。
Wen Di's gaze swept over these energetic students, picked up his beloved medicine basket, and walked unhurriedly towards the gate of the Biyue School.
双月学校大门是典型的城门型建筑，而四周延伸出去的高大巍峨的围墙把整个主校区包围在其中。
The gate of the Twin Moon School is a typical gate-like building, and the entire main campus is surrounded by a tall and majestic wall that extends from all sides.
如果把双月学校全区当做一个国家来看，那么双月学校主校区就是他们的都城。
If you look at the whole district of Biyue School as a country, then the main campus of Biyue School is their capital.
快到校门时，闻笛侧头看向校门外新出现的各校临时驻扎区。
When he was about to arrive at the school gate, Wen Di looked sideways at the newly established temporary quarters of each school outside the school gate.
这里现在乍一看就像一座郊外小镇，只不过里面的建筑物看着没几座正常的。
At first glance, it looks like a small suburban town, except that there are few normal buildings inside.
已经前来的校队都拿出了各自的魔法屋，像是兽人学校，他们直接就把他们的战争堡垒停在那儿。而海族学校占下的地点却出现了一个小型湖泊。还有飞在天空没有落地的屋子，里面进出的魔法师们都踩着魔板。
The school teams that had already come had their own magic houses, like orc schools, and they just parked their war fortresses there. However, a small lake appeared on the site occupied by the Sea Clan School. There is also a room that flies in the sky and does not land, and the magicians who come in and out of it are stepping on the magic board.
前面有两个穿着陨星魔法学校校服的学生，一个看起来特别小，小男孩握着旁边青年的手，跟弟弟黏着哥哥一样。走路还不老实，一会儿绕过来一会儿绕过去。话也多，跟旁边的青年唠叨个不停。
In front of him were two students wearing the uniforms of the Meteorite School of Magic, one looked very small, and the little boy held the hand of the young man next to him, like a younger brother clinging to his older brother. Walking is not honest, going around for a while and going around for a while. There are a lot of words, and he chatters with the young man next to him.
也亏得那青年脾气好，能耐得住性子陪小孩说话。他就不太喜欢小孩，不懂事，吵人，烦。
It is also thanks to the young man's good temper that he can bear to talk to the child. He doesn't like children very much, he is not sensible, noisy, and annoying.
闻笛感到那青年的背影有点熟悉，但那青年短发下露出的脖颈却没有任何纹路，而且他也不觉得他认识的那人会跑去读魔法学校，更不可能这么宠着一个孩子。
Wen Di felt that the young man's back was a little familiar, but there were no lines on the neck exposed under the young man's short hair, and he didn't think that the person he knew would run to go to magic school, let alone spoil a child like this.
闻笛收回目光，一脚踏入城门一样的学校大门。 Wen Di withdrew his gaze and stepped into the gate-like school gate.
校门口站着傀儡卫士，当闻笛经过它们时，这些卫士忽然一起立正对闻笛行战士礼。
At the entrance of the school stood puppet guards, and when Wendi passed them, these guards suddenly stood together and saluted Wendi.
闻笛对它们点点头，进去了。 Wen Di nodded at them and went in.
王叶忽然转头。 Wang Ye suddenly turned his head.
雷木跟着他转：“怎么了？你看见什么了？” Lei Mu followed him: "What's wrong?" What do you see? ”
“不是，我刚才……”就是心脏突然快速跳了几下。可能他修因果之力吧，有时遇到一些特别的人和事，他总会有点感知。
"No, I just ......" is that my heart suddenly beats rapidly. Maybe he cultivates the power of cause and effect, and sometimes when he encounters some special people and things, he will always have a little perception.
看了一圈，没看到任何打眼的人和物，王叶耸耸肩，顺手打开因果卷瞅了瞅，也没发现任何异常。
After looking around, he didn't see any eye-catching people and things, Wang Ye shrugged his shoulders, opened the cause and effect scroll and took a look, and didn't find anything abnormal.
“这是别人的地盘，你小心一些。”雷木压低声音道。 "This is someone else's territory, you should be careful." Raimu lowered his voice.
“我知道。你也一样，这里可距离银月帝国不远。”王叶握住雷木的手。
"I know. The same goes for you, this place is not far from the Silvermoon Empire. Wang Ye held Lei Mu's hand.
雷木不是很在意地笑笑，“他们现在恐怕站在我对面，也不会认出我来。”
Reimu smiled unconcernedly, "I'm afraid they're standing across from me now, and they won't recognize me." ”
现在的雷木看起来就像一个正常的英俊男儿，脸上和身上没有任何奇怪的符号纹路。
Now Reimu looks like a normal handsome man, without any strange symbolic lines on his face and body.
王叶盯着雷木的五官看了半天，忽然道：“木木，是不是好看的人长得都很像？”
Wang Ye stared at Lei Mu's facial features for a long time, and suddenly said, "Mu Mu, do good-looking people look alike?" ”
“嗯？” "Huh?"
“我觉得你的眼睛还有鼻子部分，跟兰道大美人很像哎。”
"I think your eyes and nose are very similar to the Landau beauties."
雷木失笑，“别乱说。我可不想被那位大美人教授的拥趸们围攻。”
Remu smiled, "Don't talk nonsense. I don't want to be besieged by the big beauty professor's fans. ”
王叶撇嘴，他就是被围攻的那个。 Wang Ye pouted, he was the one who was besieged.
也不知是哪个闲得无聊的王八蛋，竟然把他是兰道教授亲传弟子的消息给暴露了出去，结果他就被围观了。
I don't know which idle and boring bastard actually exposed the news that he was a disciple of Professor Landau, and as a result, he was watched.
如果不是那几天全校一大半学生都在忙着专业考级，他恐怕也会像卫玠一般被看死了。
If it weren't for the fact that most of the students in the school were busy with professional exams in those days, he would probably have been seen to death like Wei Jue.
可就算这样，还是有些傻叉对他嚷嚷，叫他上擂台，说要挑战他，认为他没有资格成为兰道教授的亲传弟子。
But even so, there were still some fools yelling at him, telling him to go to the ring, saying that they would challenge him, thinking that he was not qualified to become Professor Landau's personal disciple.
王叶根本懒得理睬他们，上擂台又没有好处给他，他吃饱了撑的去浪费那个时间。
Wang Ye didn't bother to pay attention to them at all, and there was no benefit to him in the ring, so he was full of food and wasted that time.
可那些傻叉就在学校里疯传他是个胆小鬼，能力不行，根本不敢上擂台。
But those stupid forks spread the word in school that he was a coward, and his ability was not good, so he didn't dare to go into the ring at all.
后来他取得卷轴四级资格，拿到卷轴专业大比名额之一的消息传出，那些传言才戛然而止。
Later, when the news came out that he had obtained the fourth-level qualification of the scroll and obtained one of the places in the major competition of the scroll major, those rumors came to an abrupt end.
哼，他何止拿到四级，要不是兰道教授跟学校说不要把他的真实等级泄露出去，学校也打算拿他当奇兵使用，他的真实等级说出去，保证能吓死那些傻叉！
Hmph, why didn't he get the fourth level, if it weren't for Professor Landau telling the school not to leak his true level, the school also planned to use him as a surprise soldier, and his true level would be guaranteed to scare those stupid forks to death!
雷木看到王叶神情，不禁十分庆幸学校因为大比的缘故放假了，而放假之前的一段时间，王叶又因为要考三个专业的等级，基本上就是在考场和各位教授那里打转。其他学生想堵他也堵不住，至于流言……那就没办法了。
Lei Mu saw Wang Ye's expression, and couldn't help but be very glad that the school was on vacation because of Dabi, and for a period of time before the holiday, Wang Ye was basically going around in the examination room with the professors because he had to take the three professional levels. Other students couldn't stop him if they wanted to, as for the rumors...... Then there is no way.
小光很八卦，它的那群虫子也很八卦，每天在学校里飞来飞去，不知给王叶带来了多少课外娱乐。
Xiaoguang is very gossipy, and its group of insects are also very gossipy, flying around the school every day, I don't know how much extracurricular entertainment it has brought to Wang Ye.
不过当王叶知道自己也成了别人嘴里的八卦就不太高兴了。
However, when Wang Ye knew that he had also become gossip in other people's mouths, he was not very happy.
“不用理会他们，你的真实实力更强。” "Don't pay attention to them, your real strength is stronger."
“那是当然！”王叶挺起胸膛。 "Of course!" Wang Ye puffed up his chest.
俗话说一波未平一波又起，大概指的就是王叶遇到的情况。
As the saying goes, waves of unevenness rise again and again, probably referring to the situation that Wang Ye encountered.
前面传他是兰道教授亲传弟子的风浪还没平息，后脚就因为学校公开的大比名单，让王叶再次成为陨星学校的风云人物。
The previous rumor that he was a disciple of Professor Landau has not subsided, and because of the school's public big competition list, Wang Ye has once again become a figure of the Meteorite School.
他可是一人占了三个专业的名额。 He alone occupies three professional places.
培植、召唤、卷轴。 Cultivate, summon, scroll.
王叶这次出的风头真不小，可不等那些专业的学生挑战他找他麻烦，学校就勒令所有拿到名额的学生出发了。
Wang Ye's limelight this time was really not small, but before those professional students challenged him to make trouble for him, the school ordered all the students who got the quota to set off.
他们来这边的途中，王叶被那些好奇的高年级生跑过来看了一遍又一遍。
On the way here, Wang Ye was watched over and over again by those curious seniors.
此时，雷木完全忽略他也是被看者一员的事实。 At this point, Remu completely ignores the fact that he is also one of the watched.
雷木也拿到了炼金专业宝贵的三个大比名额之一，因为他才是一年级生，又没有专门的指导教授，导致中高年级生对他很不服气。
Lei Mu also got one of the three valuable places in the alchemy major, because he was only a first-year student and did not have a special instructor, which caused the middle and senior students to be very unconvinced by him.
但雷木拿到炼金四级资格是事实，那些学生再不服气也只能忍着。
But it was a fact that Lei Mu had obtained the fourth-level alchemy qualification, and those students could only endure it if they were not convinced.
三级，就已经是学校学生的天花板。 Level 3 is already the ceiling of the school's students.
能在学校期间就取得四级专业资格的学生，那前途都不可限量。
Students who can obtain Level 4 professional qualifications during their time at school have a bright future.
这么说吧，专业等级一般都会和本人实力挂钩。 Let's put it this way, the professional level is generally linked to the strength of the person.
就算你再聪明、理解力再高，能量不足、精神力不达标，你也无法制作出相应等级的作品。
No matter how smart you are, no matter how high your understanding is, if you don't have enough energy and mental power, you won't be able to produce a work of the corresponding level.
比如你想制作四级卷轴，那你本人的实力也要达到高级魔法师的程度。
For example, if you want to make a level 4 scroll, then your own strength must also reach the level of a high-level magician.
而中级魔法师就已经可以申请毕业，高级魔法师直接就能毕业。
Intermediate magicians can already apply for graduation, and senior magicians can graduate directly.
更别说五级，能制作出五级卷轴的被尊称为卷轴制作大师，其魔力等级也已经达到大魔法师的等级。而大魔法师都可以在学校做助教了。
Not to mention the fifth level, those who can make fifth-level scrolls are respected as scroll makers, and their magic power level has also reached the level of a great magician. And the great magicians can be teaching assistants in the school.
虽然有少数人可以越级制作，但那真的是极少数人。 Although there are a few people who can skip the level of production, but that is really a very small number of people.
而绝大多数常态应该是专业要比实力降一级。 And the vast majority of the norm should be that the major is one level lower than the strength.
就是正常来说一名初级魔法师其实只能制作出学徒级别也就是一级的专业作品。中级魔法师能制作出二级……如此这般。
Normally, a junior magician can only produce professional works at the apprentice level, that is, at the first level. Intermediate mages can craft Level 2 ...... Such and such.
陨星魔法学校这次选拔出来参加大比的学生，对外公布的专业等级，最低只有三级，平均四级，只有两个据说是神秘的天才班出来的学生才达到专业五级，一个是炼金专业，一个是魔食专业。
The students selected by the Meteorite Magic School to participate in the big competition this time, the lowest professional level announced to the public is only three levels, the average is four levels, and only two students who are said to be mysterious genius classes have reached the fifth level of the major, one is an alchemy major, and the other is a magic food major.
所以四级真的已经是学校绝大多数学生都难以企及的程度。
Therefore, Level 4 is really beyond the reach of the vast majority of students in the school.
王叶和雷木拿到四级资格，震惊了多少人？ Wang Ye and Lei Mu got the fourth-level qualification, how many people were shocked?
雷木还好点，因为他外表看起来像是二十出头，实际年龄也已经二十岁。
Remu was better, as he looked like he was in his early twenties, and his actual age was twenty years old.
可王叶呢？ But what about Wang Ye?
那可是一个才九岁的小毛头。 It was a nine-year-old little hairy man.
就算他能越级炼制，那他的实力也最少达到了中级魔法师的程度。
Even if he could leapfrog the level of refining, then his strength would at least reach the level of an intermediate magician.
九岁的中级魔法师，不是没有，但真的太少太少了。 Nine-year-old intermediate magicians, not nothing, but really too few and too few.
可如果他不会越级炼制呢？ But what if he doesn't know how to skip the level of refining?
那他的真实实力已经达到什么程度？ So what is the extent of his true strength?
九岁的高级魔法师？这个可能，学校的学生们连想都不敢想，太恐怖了好吗！
A nine-year-old high-level magician? This is possible, the students of the school don't even dare to think about it, it's too scary, okay!
而这也是那些学生只敢冲着王叶嚷嚷，喊着让他去擂台，但王叶不去，他们也不敢做什么的原因。如果王小叶实力真的超强，上擂台挨揍事小，被个九岁的孩子踩在脚底下，那多丢脸？
And this is also the reason why those students only dared to yell at Wang Ye and shouted for him to go to the ring, but Wang Ye didn't go, and they didn't dare to do anything. If Wang Xiaoye's strength is really super strong, he was beaten in the ring, and he was trampled under the feet of a nine-year-old child, how embarrassing would it be?
“木木，我们去摆摊吧。”王叶眼睛亮晶晶地说道。 "Mumu, let's go set up a stall." Wang Ye said with sparkling eyes.
雷木顺着王叶的目光看过去，就见各校临时驻扎区竟然自动形成了一个野市集。
Lei Mu followed Wang Ye's gaze and saw that the temporary garrison areas of each school had automatically formed a wild market.
来自小人国的魔法学校学生正在那里热情吆喝，他们的摊子热气直冒，竟然是在卖吃的。
The students of the magic school from Lilliputian were shouting enthusiastically, and their stalls were steaming hot, and they were actually selling food.
有意思的是，小人国魔法学校摊点对面就是巨人国魔法学校的摊点。
Interestingly, opposite the Lilliputian Magic School stall is the Giant Nation Magic School's stall.
巨人国校队摊点卖的是矿石。 The Giants National Varsity stall sells ore.
与对面小人国校队成员的热情相比，巨人学生们一个个都像是大懒蛋，靠在矿石上要么在呼呼大睡，要么就是在盯着小人国校队摊点流口水。
Compared with the enthusiasm of the members of the Lilliputian National Varsity team opposite, the giant students are all like big lazy eggs, leaning on the ore and either snoring and snoring, or staring at the Lilliputian National Varsity team stall and drooling.
除了这两个校队特别吸引人注意，还有一些人族的校队。
In addition to these two varsity teams that are particularly eye-catching, there are also some Terran varsity teams.
雷木还看到了貌似精灵族的学生，应该是混血。 Lei Mu also saw a student who looked like an elf, who should be of mixed blood.
那些学生真漂亮，站在那里就是一道靓丽的风景线，他们卖的是衣服，魔法炼制的魔衣。
Those students are so beautiful, standing there is a beautiful landscape, they are selling clothes, magic clothes made of magic.
还有一群身后有翅膀的虫人族学生也在招揽顾客，这群额头长着触角、背后扇着透明小翅膀、看起来圆滚滚的小孩子异常可爱，他们卖的是来自虫人族的各种原材料。
There is also a group of Zerg students with wings behind them, this group of cute children with antennae on their foreheads and transparent wings behind their backs, they are selling all kinds of raw materials from the Zerg.
还有地底人族的学生在卖蘑菇，鸟人族的学生在卖各种鸟蛋，普通人类学生在卖药植和药剂……
There are also underground Terran students selling mushrooms, Birdman students selling all kinds of bird eggs, and ordinary human students selling medicinal plants and potions......
王叶打量一圈，兴冲冲地拉着雷木就在虫人族摊点边占了个地方。
Wang Ye looked around, and excitedly pulled Lei Mu to occupy a place at the Zerg stall.
练摊，这可是玩家在游戏中的最大乐趣之一。 This is one of the greatest pleasures for players in the game.
金宝一听两个爸爸要摆摊，就飞快地从背包里爬出来，爬到王叶肩头兴奋地喊：“皮卡叽~！”
As soon as Jinbao heard that the two fathers were going to set up a stall, he quickly climbed out of his backpack, climbed onto Wang Ye's shoulder and shouted excitedly: "Pickup Kaji~!" ”
摆摊摆摊，我做摊主，我来卖~ Set up a stall, I will be the stall owner, I will sell~
王叶一指头把金宝戳得掉下来，又用手掌接住，捏着玩。
Wang Ye poked Jinbao off with one finger, caught it with his palm, and pinched it to play.
“你要卖什么？”雷木问。 "What are you going to sell?" Raimu asked.
王叶捏着金宝的小肚叽，吧嗒着脚丫子想了一会儿，听到金宝喊吃面面，眼睛一亮：“我知道要卖什么了！就卖快餐面。”
Wang Ye pinched Jinbao's little belly, thought about it for a while, and heard Jinbao shouting to eat noodles, his eyes lit up: "I know what to sell!" Just sell fast food noodles. ”
这次回地球，他可是在批发市场买了不少箱袋装快餐面。
This time when he returned to Earth, he bought a lot of bags of fast food noodles at the wholesale market.
这玩意不管健不健康，那味道是真的香。 Whether this thing is healthy or not, it smells really good.
因为雷木爱吃嘛，他就买了不少。
王叶把雷木用炼金手法炼制出来的煤气灶拿出来，这玩意现在不烧煤气，改烧魔晶了。
Wang Ye took out the gas stove that Lei Mu had refined with alchemy, and this thing now does not burn gas, but instead burns magic crystals.
但一样便捷好用，还多了自净、防风和自我灭火功能。 But it is just as convenient and easy to use, and it also has more self-cleaning, windproof and self-extinguishing functions.
点火，煮汤，水烧开，就把面条丢进去，再打几个鸡蛋，放点青菜和肉片什么的，最后把调料包撕开，把调料往锅里一撒，我的妈呀，那香味！
Light the fire, boil the soup, boil the water, throw the noodles in, beat a few eggs, put some vegetables and meat slices or something, and finally tear the seasoning packet open, sprinkle the seasoning into the pot, my mother, that fragrance!
第189章 卖泡面啦 Chapter 189: Selling instant noodles
“优惠！特大优惠！蓝星群岛特产蓝星小面，物美价廉，口感鲜美，今天开业大酬宾，只要一个银币就能买一大碗啦~”王叶扯开嗓子打起广告。
"Deal! Great Deal! Blue Star Islands specialty Blue Star noodles, good quality and low price, delicious taste, open today with a big reward, as long as a silver coin can buy a big bowl~" Wang Ye opened his throat and advertised.
雷木用眼睛问他：直接说出蓝星群岛特产没问题吗？ Lei Mu asked him with his eyes: Is it okay to directly say the specialties of the Blue Star Islands?
王叶嘿嘿笑。当然没问题，他既然敢拿出泡面，那是因为他已经确定过这附近九成九没有玩家。
Wang Ye smiled. Of course, no problem, since he dared to take out instant noodles, it was because he had already determined that there were no players around here.
真有，那也没什么。 Yes, that's nothing.
谁来，他这都是魔法面条，就是跟泡面长得有点像而已。
Who's coming, he's all magic noodles, but they just look a little like instant noodles.
味道像？ What does it taste like?
哦，没关系，我再加点特殊作料~ Oh, it's okay, I'll add some special ingredients~
真有玩家非要跟他认亲，他就说这些面条都是一个来自蓝星群岛的魔食专业同学做出来卖给他的，哇哈哈。
If a player really wants to confess to him, he said that these noodles were made and sold to him by a demon food professional from the Blue Star Islands, wahaha.
“哇，什么是蓝星小面？吃的吗？好香啊。”隔壁的小虫人们首先就被吸引过来。
"Wow, what is Blue Star Noodles? Eat? It smells so good. "The little bug people next door were the first to be drawn in.
一群粉嫩嫩圆滚滚的小崽子扑棱着小翅膀围着锅台，真的是怎么看怎么可爱。
A group of pink and round little cubs fluttered their little wings around the pot table, how cute they really looked.
王叶才不会说他就是看到这些小虫人可爱，才会在他们旁边摆摊。
Wang Yecai wouldn't say that he just saw these little insect people cute, so he would set up a stall next to them.
顺便说一句，虫人族和智慧寄生虫族可是两码事，虫人族是远古种，双月星最古老的种族之一，历史悠久度可以追溯到树人族出现的时候，是自然进化的选择，就跟海洋里那些智慧海族一样。
By the way, the Zerg and the Wisdom Parasite Zerg are two different things, the Zerg are an ancient species, one of the oldest races of the Double Moon Star, with a long history dating back to the appearance of the Treants, and it is a natural evolutionary choice, just like those intelligent sea tribes in the ocean.
而且传说虫人族拥有的虫人国秘境，不亚于一个大陆那么大，里面资源极为丰富。
Moreover, it is said that the secret realm of the Zerg Country possessed by the Zerg Race is no less than that of a continent, and the resources in it are extremely rich.
王叶跟虫老学习怎么驭虫后，虫老就专门跟他提过虫人族。
After Wang Ye learned how to control insects from Worm Lao, Worm Elder specifically mentioned the Zerg Race to him.
说他驭虫的手段就是从虫人族学习来的。 said that his method of controlling insects was learned from the Zerg.
这世上真论起驭虫手段，那肯定是虫人族要比人类高明得多。
In this world, when it comes to insect control, it must be that the Zerg are much more clever than humans.
但虫老有药剂辅佐，他就走出了另外一条驭虫之路。 But the insect is always assisted by medicine, so he has embarked on another path to control the insect.
虫老之所以看中王小叶，并认为他拥有驭虫的能力，就是因为他发现王叶对虫族的亲和力很高。
The reason why Worm Lao took a fancy to Wang Xiaoye and thought that he had the ability to control insects was because he found that Wang Ye had a high affinity for the Zerg.
虫老知道王叶和虫巢融合的事，但他推测虫巢只是一部分原因，王叶的精神力也比较特殊，才会作为人类，却有那么高的虫族亲和力。
The insect elder knew about the fusion of Wang Ye and the insect hive, but he speculated that the insect hive was only part of the reason, and Wang Ye's spiritual power was also relatively special, so as a human being, he had such a high Zerg affinity.
等到虫老开始教王叶驭虫之术，他就发现王叶的药剂制作能力竟然更高。又懂制药，又能指挥虫子，这不就是老天爷给他准备的好徒弟吗？还能有谁比王小叶更适合他的驭虫之道？
When the insect elder began to teach Wang Ye the art of controlling insects, he found that Wang Ye's potion making ability was even higher. He also understands medicine and can command insects, isn't this a good apprentice that God prepared for him? Who else could be more suitable for his way of controlling insects than Wang Xiaoye?
所以虫老喜欢王叶真不是没有原因，实在是这么适合他的徒弟，这么多年来他也就遇到这么一个。
So it's not for nothing that the worm likes Wang Yezhen, it's really such a suitable apprentice for him, and he has met such a person over the years.
王叶笑嘻嘻地招呼小虫人们：“这是我一个同学家乡那边的特产，叫蓝星小面。看起来诱人，吃起来更好吃，要来一碗尝尝吗？”
Wang Ye greeted the little insects with a smile: "This is a specialty of one of my classmates' hometown, called Blue Star Small Noodles." It looks tempting and tastes even better, so why don't you have a bowl of it? ”
“好啊好啊，给我来一碗~”这是迫不及待的。 "Okay, okay, bring me a bowl~" I can't wait.
“多少钱一碗呀？”这是理智派。 "How much is a bowl?" This is the intellectuals.
“不贵不贵，今天只要一个银币一碗，只有今天才有的优惠哦。”
"It's not expensive, it's not expensive, just a bowl of silver coins today, and it's only available today."
“哇，那给我们一人来一碗！”财大气粗的小虫人们只觉得这香喷喷的蓝星小面好便宜啊。
"Wow, let's have a bowl for each of us!" The little insects with deep pockets only think that this fragrant Blue Star noodles are so cheap.
王叶笑开了花，一个银币就是一百块，他要赚飞了。 Wang Ye smiled and blossomed, a silver coin is a hundred yuan, and he is going to earn it.
不到五分钟，王叶和雷木的摊子前就围满了人。 In less than five minutes, Wang Ye and Lei Mu's stall was full of people.
雷木弄了个小箱子收钱，一银币一碗，基本没有找零，很方便。
Lei Mu made a small box to collect money, a bowl of silver coins, and basically no change, which is very convenient.
金宝自告奋勇接过了收钱的重任，他就喜欢这些亮晶晶的金属块。他甚至能分辨那些银币有没有掺假，不够纯的他就拒收。
Jinbao volunteered to take over the responsibility of collecting the money, and he loved the shiny pieces of metal. He could even tell if the coins were adulterated or not, and he refused to accept them if they were not pure enough.
几个贼眉鼠眼看不出是什么种族的男孩跳着脚喊他们的银币没有掺假，是纯银。
A couple of thieves jumped to their feet and shouted that their silver coins were not adulterated, they were pure silver.
金宝鄙视：“皮卡叽！”还纯银呢，有五成银子都是我算你多的。
Jinbao despised: "Pickup! "It's still pure silver, and fifty percent of the silver is what I count as you.
眼看几个男孩跟金宝吵起来，雷木按住金宝，对几个男孩不冷不淡地说道：“我是四级炼金师。”
Seeing that several boys were arguing with Jinbao, Lei Mu held Jinbao down and said lukewarmly to the boys: "I am a fourth-level alchemist. ”
几个男孩哑巴了，拿起他们拿出的假银币，灰溜溜地跑了。
The boys were dumbfounded, picked up the fake silver coins they had taken out, and ran away.
小虫人抱着跟他们脑袋一样大的大碗，一边幸福地吸着面条一边说：“那是鼠人魔法学校的学生，他们可坏了，跟他们做买卖一定要小心，有九成可能会上当受骗。”
The little wormman held a big bowl as big as their head, and while happily sucking the noodles, he said, "That's the students of the Nezumi Magic School, they are bad, you must be careful when doing business with them, there is a chance that you will be deceived." ”
“鼠人族有专门的魔法学校？”王叶还是第一次见到鼠人族。
"The nezumi have a special magic school?" It was the first time Wang Ye had seen the rat people.
“有啊，还很强的学校呢。” "Yes, it's a very strong school."
另一个小虫人插话：“鼠人特别能生，还特别能吃！如果不是他们拥有自己的秘境国，其他种族早就和他们打起来了。”
Another little insect man interjected: "The rat man is very good at giving birth and eating it!" If it weren't for the fact that they had their own secret realm, other races would have fought with them a long time ago. ”
“这里卖什么？”精灵混血的学生也过来了。 "What do you sell here?" Elven half-breed students also came over.
“蓝星小面，鸡蛋加肉片加超级美味的蔬菜，这么一大碗才一个银币，今天特价优惠，要来一碗尝尝吗？”王叶看到这些学生觉得有点亲切，谁让他家木木就是精灵族混血呢。
"Blue Star noodles, eggs and meat slices plus super delicious vegetables, such a big bowl is only a silver coin, today's special offer, do you want to try a bowl?" Wang Ye felt a little kind when he saw these students, who made his family Mumu a hybrid of the elf clan.
精灵混血的特征之一，就是头上长有树枝一样的小角，不过根据系别不同，颜色不同，质地也不同。
One of the characteristics of elven hybrids is that they have small twig-like horns on their heads, but they vary in color and texture depending on the lineage.
金宝瞅瞅这些精灵混血，没有他雷木爸爸的气息好闻，不喜欢。
“好的，先给我们来一碗尝尝。” "Okay, let's have a bowl to try."
这些精灵混血学生共同品尝了一碗面，不到一分钟就吃完了，吃完就火速又一人买了一碗。
These elven half-breed students tasted a bowl of noodles together, and they finished it in less than a minute, and after eating, they quickly bought another bowl.
两个身高超过四米的巨人过来，往王叶摊子边一蹲，立刻就把路堵得死死。
Two giants with a height of more than four meters came over, squatted on the side of Wang Ye's stall, and immediately blocked the road.
这两个巨人也不说要买面，就蹲在那儿盯着锅流口水。 The two giants didn't say they wanted to buy noodles, they just squatted there and stared at the pot and drooled.
王叶：“……要吃面吗？一个银币一碗。” Wang Ye: "...... Do you want to eat noodles? A bowl of silver coins. ”
一个看起来面相还很稚嫩的巨人叹息道：“碗太小了，吃不饱。一个银币，太贵。”
A giant, who looked still immature, sighed, "The bowl is too small to eat." A silver coin, too expensive. ”
王叶顿时同情这些巨人了。就这身材，想吃饱，得吃多少碗？又得花多少钱？也怪不得巨人国的学生们看起来好像都穷嗖嗖懒洋洋的。
Wang Ye immediately sympathized with these giants. With this figure, how many bowls do you have to eat if you want to be full? And how much does it cost? It's no wonder that the students of the Giant Nation seem to be poor and lazy.
但那点滴同情绝不会让王叶免费送泡面给巨人们吃。 But that little bit of sympathy will never let Wang Ye give instant noodles to the giants for free.
除非巨人们拿等价的东西来换。 Unless the giants trade something of equivalent value.
各校驻扎区门口。 At the entrance of each school's quartering area.
“那边在卖什么呀？好多人。我闻到香味了，好浓郁的香味！是魔法食物吗？”
"What's selling over there? A lot of people. I smell it, it's so strong! Is it magic food? ”
“那边好像是各大学校的驻扎区，可能他们在那里摆摊吧。”
"It seems to be the garrison area of the major schools over there, maybe they have stalls there."
“那一定很有意思，走，我们去看看。” "That must be interesting, let's go, let's go see."
很快，就连双月魔法学校的学生也被吸引过来了。 Soon, even the students of the Double Moon School of Magic were drawn in.
两个巨人最终还是吃到了面，他们用他们的矿石和王叶做了交换。
The two giants eventually ate the noodles, and they exchanged their ore for the royal leaf.
金宝看上他们的矿石了。 Campbell has taken a fancy to their ore.
能被金宝看中的矿石那能是普通矿石吗？ Can the ore that can be favored by Jinbao be ordinary ore?
王叶当即就同意交换，还很大方地用超大锅给巨人们一次就煮了五十包面。而那块矿石换了五百袋泡面。
Wang Ye immediately agreed to the exchange, and generously used a super-large cauldron to cook fifty packs of noodles for the giants at one time. And that piece of ore was exchanged for five hundred bags of instant noodles.
巨人们拿出他们的大碗来，把面倒走，再让王叶继续给他们煮。
The giants took out their big bowls, poured the noodles away, and let Wang Ye continue to cook them for them.
除了巨人，还有其他学生过来吃面。 In addition to the giants, there were other students who came over to eat noodles.
王叶和雷木一起开火，连魔法都用上了，大大小小几十号锅都在煮面。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu opened the fire together, and even used magic, and dozens of pots of all sizes were cooking noodles.
那香味更不得了了，飘散得整个营区都是。 The smell was even more terrible, and it spread throughout the camp.
原本待在自己屋子里的超凡者们闻到味儿纷纷开窗，还有人互相询问是什么味。
The transcendents who had been staying in their own rooms opened their windows one after another when they smelled it, and some asked each other what it was.
有人吃完泡面回来，就忍不住跟人吹嘘和介绍说大家练摊的地方有人在卖一种蓝星小面，超级好吃。尤其里面的蔬菜，越吃越想吃，吃完了只觉得神清气爽，浑身都舒服。
When someone comes back after eating instant noodles, they can't help but brag and introduce to others that someone in the place where everyone practices is selling a kind of Blue Star noodles, which is super delicious. Especially the vegetables inside, the more I eat it, the more I want to eat it, and after eating, I just feel refreshed and comfortable.
“我不信，一碗面而已，那么夸张？魔法食物吗？” "I don't believe it, it's just a bowl of noodles, so exaggerated? Magic food? ”
“不知道是不是魔法食物，但那蔬菜一定是魔植。一个银币那~么~大一碗，真的超级划算！听说今天是特别优惠，吃到就是赚到。”
"I don't know if it's magic food, but that vegetable must be a magic plant. A silver coin is ~?~ a big bowl, it's really super cost-effective! I heard that today is a special offer, and if you eat it, you will earn it. ”
“这么好？走，我们也去看看。” "So good? Let's go and see. ”
各大学校来的都是平均年龄在二十岁以下的少年男女，正是最爱凑热闹的时候，一听有好吃的、新鲜的、好玩的，哪里能忍得住，纷纷出门去找热闹。
The boys and girls who come to the major schools are all young men and women with an average age of 20 years old, and it is the time when they love to join in the fun.
巨人学生们连自己的摊子都不管了，全都围在王叶摊子边埋头狂吃，一个个吃得呼啦呼啦响，吃得快的连汤都喝干净了。
The giant students didn't even care about their own stalls, they all gathered around Wang Ye's stall and ate wildly, eating one by one with a hula hula sound, and even drinking the soup when they ate fast.
巨人学生们吃完还不肯走，他们没吃饱。 The giant students refused to leave after eating, they were not full.
王叶只能催促他们离开，挡路了大兄嘚！为此，他还一人给发了一颗水果糖。
Wang Ye could only urge them to leave, blocking the way, big brother! For this reason, he also gave a fruit candy by himself.
巨人学生们含着小小的糖果离开了，其他学生这才能挤进来。
The giant students left with small candy in their mouths, and the other students were able to squeeze in.
到最后王叶只能让大家排队，不排队都要打起来了。 In the end, Wang Ye could only let everyone line up, and if they didn't line up, they would have to fight.
最后就连刚到没多久的兽人族和海族都被吸引过来。 In the end, even the orcs and sea tribes who had just arrived were attracted to it.
泡面真的这么好吃吗？ Is instant noodles really that delicious?
王叶觉得还是新鲜和无聊闹的。还有就是他们这儿热闹啊，人都是看哪里热闹就往哪里凑。
Wang Ye felt that it was still fresh and boring. What's more, they are lively here, and people go wherever they see the excitement.
疯药王在虫巢里面不住嘀咕：“暴殄天物。” The Mad Medicine King couldn't stop muttering in the hive: "Violent Destruction of Heavenly Things." ”
靳蜘蛛：“怎么？那些面条是魔食？” Jin Spider: "What? Those noodles are devil food? ”
“不是面条，是那些蔬菜！”疯药王按住不存在的心脏，痛心疾首地说：“那小兔崽子以为占了大便宜，可就他种的那些蔬菜，卖一棵一金币都没问题。你看看他那碗面里，青菜都是一棵一棵地放，败家子！”
"It's not noodles, it's those vegetables!" The Mad Medicine King pressed his non-existent heart and said bitterly: "That little rabbit cub thinks he has taken a big advantage, but for the vegetables he grows, it is no problem to sell them for one gold coin." Look at his bowl of noodles, the vegetables are all put one by one, a loser! ”
“你觉得那小子真的不知道？”靳蜘蛛淡定地道。 "You think that kid really doesn't know?" Jin Spider said calmly.
“嗯？什么意思？” "Huh? What do you mean? ”
“你看吧，等到明天，这个蓝星小面一定会加价。你是不是没注意到他一开始说的今天只是优惠价？”
"Look, wait until tomorrow, this Blue Star noodles will definitely increase in price. Didn't you notice that he said at the beginning that today was just a discounted price? ”
疯药王：“你是说他在钓鱼……没想到你已经这么了解他。”
Mad Medicine King: "You mean he's fishing...... I didn't expect you to know him so well. ”
王叶当然不可能干吃亏的买卖，他认为他卖一银币就算没赚钱，也绝不会亏本。
Of course, Wang Ye couldn't do a loss-making business, he thought that even if he didn't make a profit by selling a silver coin, he would never lose money.
目前他的虫巢还没有升级，能量全都给他集中到心之山和钟乳洞中，疯药王之所以觉得他卖亏了，是因为这批蔬菜都是小树人种植的，而且浇的水都是湖里的水。
At present, his hive has not been upgraded, and all the energy is concentrated in the Heart Mountain and the Stalactite Cave, and the reason why the Mad Medicine King feels that he has lost money is because these vegetables are all planted by the little tree people, and the water is all from the lake.
而湖里的水虽然不如钟乳洞那边的潭水来的能量磅礴，却也沾了光，种植普通蔬菜和低级药植都没问题。
Although the water in the lake is not as powerful as the water from the pond on the other side of the stalactite cave, it is also stained, and it is no problem to grow ordinary vegetables and low-grade medicinal plants.
夸张一点说，他这批蔬菜其实都已经能算是魔植，只是等级还不到一级，属于半级魔植吧。这批蔬菜，他还给他姑姑留了好多。
To exaggerate a little, his batch of vegetables can actually be regarded as magic plants, but the level is less than one level, and they belong to half-level magic plants. He also kept a lot of this batch of vegetables for his aunt.
王叶好东西见多了，连一级魔植都不算的蔬菜，在他眼前就不算是魔植。
Wang Ye has seen a lot of good things, and vegetables that are not even first-level magic plants are not considered demon plants in front of him.
真要算价值，反而是他放入锅里的特制调料更贵一些。 If you really want to calculate the value, it is that the special seasoning he puts in the pot is more expensive.
因为那调料里使用了虫蜜，虽然量很微少，但王叶在制作这种调料时使用了制药手法，这调料可以算是魔法调料，含有魔力和略微的调养身体的效用。
Because insect honey is used in that seasoning, although the amount is very small, Wang Ye used pharmaceutical techniques in the preparation of this seasoning, which can be regarded as a magic seasoning, containing magic and a slight effect on the body.
但那效用真的非常低微，王叶炼制这种调料主要还是为了增鲜，让食物口感更好。
But the effect is really very low, and Wang Ye refining this seasoning is mainly to increase freshness and make the food taste better.
打算在第二天适量涨价的王叶这时还不知道，就是这些在王叶眼里不值钱、不算什么的蔬菜以及调味料，竟在各大魔法学校的学生中掀起了一股不大不小的风浪。
Wang Ye, who planned to increase the price appropriately the next day, didn't know at this time that these vegetables and seasonings, which were worthless and insignificant in Wang Ye's eyes, had actually set off a storm among the students of the major magic schools.
也许就因为这些蔬菜等级低，反而很适合正在长身体的学生。
Maybe it's because these vegetables are of low grade, but they're suitable for students who are growing their bodies.
而且王叶因为家里孩子多，包括他自己也是，所以虫巢里的能量，包括水中能量都会调整得十分温和滋养。
Moreover, because Wang Ye has many children in the family, including himself, the energy in the hive, including the energy in the water, will be adjusted to be very gentle and nourishing.
用这种水和土壤浇灌出来的蔬菜，又是树人亲手种植，那效果真的不只是味道好而已。
The vegetables that are watered with this water and soil are planted by the tree people themselves, and the effect is really not just delicious.
有些人不太敏感，可能吃掉这些蔬菜也不会有太多感觉。但能学魔法的人，一般精神力感知都比较强，对身边能量变化也较为敏感，更别说对自己的身体。
Some people are less sensitive and may not feel much after eating these vegetables. However, people who can learn magic generally have a stronger sense of mental power, and they are also more sensitive to changes in the energy around them, let alone their own bodies.
所以今天吃过泡面的人，有一部分人已经先一步察觉到这碗面的好处。
Therefore, some of the people who have eaten instant noodles today have already noticed the benefits of this bowl of noodles first.
只不过这些人的数量现在还少，随着王叶卖出的蓝星小面越来越多，感受到好处的人势必也会翻倍增加……
It's just that the number of these people is still small, and as Wang Ye sells more and more Blue Star noodles, the number of people who feel the benefits is bound to double......
安戈洛是双月魔法学校的一名普通学生，今年二年级。 Angolo is an ordinary student at the Double Moon School of Magic and Magic, in her second year this year.
他魔法资质很一般，只有三等低品，在他被学校录取后，就有很多人传言说学校录取他是看在他爷爷的面子上。
His magical qualifications are very average, only third-class low-grade, and after he was admitted to the school, there were many rumors that the school admitted him for the sake of his grandfather's face.
他爷爷是谁呢？ Who was his grandfather?
安戈洛的爷爷叫安格斯，魔法师公会双月城分会会长。 Angolo's grandfather's name is Angus, the president of the Wizards' Guild of Two Moons.
一开始安戈洛并没有暴露他爷爷是谁，他是隐瞒家世自己来学校报的名。但开学后，他被一个同学认出来，之后他就成了学校的名人。
At first, Angolo did not reveal who his grandfather was, he hid his family background and came to the school to report his name. But when school started, he was recognized by a classmate, after which he became a celebrity at the school.
资质低、天赋低、脑子也一般，偏偏家世很好，很是自卑的安戈洛在学校就理所当然地有些郁郁不得志。
Low qualifications, low talent, average brains, but a good family background, very low self-esteem, Angolo is naturally a little depressed at school.
偏偏安戈洛性子比较绵软，不喜欢与人相争，更不喜欢抬着爷爷的名头欺人，被人嘲笑了也只能在心里生闷气。
It's just that Angolo has a soft temperament, he doesn't like to compete with others, and he doesn't like to bully people in the name of his grandfather, and he can only sulk in his heart when he is ridiculed.
有时候吧，真的是人善被人欺，安戈洛不喜欢惹事，偏偏有人就是看他不顺眼，非要找各种理由挑衅他，辱骂他爷爷假公济私，又抱怨说学校收下一个魔三代废物，明明是三等资质却把人放到魔法学院四班，而资质更好的、实力更强的却只能去更差的班级，说学校就是看在他爷爷的面子上，特意优待他。
Sometimes, it's really good people who are bullied, Angolo doesn't like to cause trouble, but some people just don't like him, and they have to find all kinds of reasons to provoke him, insult his grandfather for fake public welfare, and complain that the school accepts a third-generation demon waste, obviously it is a third-class qualification but puts people in the fourth class of the magic academy, and the better qualifications and stronger ones can only go to worse classes, saying that the school is for the sake of his grandfather's face, and deliberately treats him preferentially.
安戈洛很生气，他虽然资质一般，但他很刻苦，是典型的用勤来补拙的学生。
Angolo was angry, although his qualifications were average, he was very hardworking, and he was a typical student who made up for his mistakes with hard work.
他爷爷从没有教过他仗势欺人，反倒是从小对他严格管教，对他的教学特别严厉，他能进入魔法学院四班凭借的都是他本人的实力。
His grandfather never taught him to bully, but he disciplined him strictly since he was a child, and his teaching was particularly strict, and he was able to enter the fourth class of the magic academy by virtue of his own strength.
而且他不是新生了，他已经二年级，去年年底考试，他考了个不上不下的成绩，但也足以让他留在四班。
And he's not a freshman anymore, he's already in the second grade, and in the exam at the end of last year, he got a bad score, but it's enough to keep him in the fourth class.
可某些人就跟眼睛瞎了一样，不肯认可他的考试成绩，反而到处编排他借用他爷爷的名头找人帮忙作弊等等。
But some people are like blind people, refusing to recognize his test results, but instead arranging everywhere for him to borrow his grandfather's name to find someone to help cheat and so on.
这天，安戈洛又听到有人故意在他身后大声说他的坏话、骂他是废物点心、说他全靠他爷爷的名头，还说他这种人的存在就是拉低双月魔法学校的平均实力。
On this day, Angolo heard someone deliberately shouting bad things about him behind him, calling him a waste of snacks, saying that he relied on his grandfather's name, and that the existence of people like him was to lower the average strength of the Double Moon School of Magic.
甚至他性格绵软不喜欢惹事，也被人说成他实力低微。不惹事是怕事，怕和人上擂台被打下来，暴露他实力根本不够进四班的事实。
Even he has a soft personality and doesn't like to cause trouble, and is said to be low-spirited. Not to cause trouble is to be afraid, afraid that he will be beaten down in the ring with others, exposing the fact that his strength is not enough to enter the fourth class.
安戈洛很难受，他想把这些说他坏话的人都暴揍一顿，事实是他只是加快脚步迅速离开了校园。
Angolo was so uncomfortable that he wanted to beat up all the people who spoke ill of him, but the truth was that he just quickened his pace and quickly left the campus.
快出校园大门时，他差点撞到一行人。 When he was about to leave the campus gate, he almost bumped into a group of people.
抬头一看，安戈洛心里就产生了极度酸涩之感。 Looking up, Angolo felt extremely sour in his heart.
对面那个被簇拥在中间的少年也一样“家世显赫、背景深厚”，可对方因为长得好，更资质优异，去年一入学就引起了轰动，近一年下来，在学校几乎是众星捧月一般的超级天才。学生和教授都喜欢他，也非常看重他。
The young man who was surrounded in the middle on the opposite side was also "from a prominent family background and a deep background", but because the other party was good-looking and more qualified, he caused a sensation as soon as he entered school last year. Students and professors love him and value him very much.
这人就是撒奇尔，隔壁银月帝国撒尔曼大帝的亲侄子，据说还是唯一的侄子。
This person is Thatcher, the nephew of Sahrman the Great of the Silver Moon Empire next door, and it is said that he is the only nephew.
狗屁的唯一！安戈洛在心中呸了一声。别人不知道，他可是听他爷爷说过，撒尔曼大帝其实有两个侄孙，撒奇尔只是老二，老大另有其人。
The only thing of bullshit! Angolo snorted inwardly. Others don't know, but he heard his grandfather say that Sahrman the Great actually has two nephews, Thatchir is only the second, and the eldest has someone else.
只不过老大撒坦是天生魔种，才被遮掩了。 It's just that the boss Satan is a natural demon seed, so it was covered.
但魔种又怎么样？ But what about the Demon Seed?
好多魔法学校都愿意收魔种学生，他们双月魔法学校也收，像是临渊魔法学校更是直接打出招牌说就喜欢魔种，是魔种，他们都愿意特招。
Many magic schools are willing to accept demon seed students, and their bimonthly magic school also accepts them, such as Linyuan Magic School, which directly plays a signboard and says that they like demon seeds, they are demon seeds, and they are willing to make special moves.
“走路小心点。”撒奇尔的狗腿子之一给了他一个白眼。
"Be careful when you walk." One of Thatcher's doglegs gave him a roll of the eye.
而被安戈洛注意到的撒奇尔，却像是完全没注意到安戈洛，就这么被簇拥着离开。
And Thatcher, who was noticed by Angolo, seemed to have no notice of Angolo at all, and was just hugged away.
安戈洛隐约听到那群人好像提到了闻笛教授，说是闻笛教授回来了。
Angolo vaguely heard that the group seemed to mention Professor Wendi, saying that Professor Wendi had returned.
闻笛教授啊！安戈洛心向往之。 Professor Wendi! Angolo longed for it.
闻笛教授可是在早些年前就已经成为八级的药帅了，是当世水平最高的药师之一，据说他也是当世最有可能成为九级药王的药师。
Professor Wen Di had already become an eighth-level medicine marshal a few years ago, and he was one of the highest-level pharmacists in the world, and it was said that he was also the pharmacist who was most likely to become a ninth-level medicine king in the world.
要不是闻笛教授不喜欢管事，学校药剂学院的院长都轮不到现在那位院长坐。
If it weren't for Professor Wen Di's dislike of being in charge, the dean of the school's School of Pharmacy wouldn't have been able to sit in the current dean's seat.
而学校的学生不知道多少人想要成为闻笛教授的弟子，可惜闻笛教授眼光太高，这么多年下来，他也只给学生上过大课，却从没有单独指导谁，更没有开口说要收谁为弟子。
The students of the school don't know how many people want to become the disciples of Professor Wen Di, but unfortunately Professor Wen Di has too high vision, and after so many years, he has only given big lessons to students, but he has never instructed anyone individually, let alone said who he wants to accept as a disciple.
前几年，闻笛教授据说要出去找一个药师传承，四五年都没回学校。
A few years ago, Professor Wen Di was said to have gone out to find a pharmacist inheritance, and he didn't return to school for four or five years.
现在闻笛教授回来……，安戈洛一惊，他想到了一个可能。
Now that Professor Wendi ......has returned, Angolo is shocked, and he thinks of a possibility.
撒奇尔可是传言拿到了四级的制药资格，而撒奇尔才十五岁，资质更是达到了传说级别的九等中品。
Thatchir is rumored to have obtained the fourth-level pharmaceutical qualification, and Thatchir is only fifteen years old, and the qualification has reached the legendary level of the ninth-grade middle grade.
闻笛教授离开学校的时候，撒奇尔可还没有入学。 When Professor Wendi left the school, Thatcher had not yet enrolled.
那么闻笛教授回来，会不会看中撒奇尔，进而收他为弟子？
So when Professor Wendi comes back, will he take a fancy to Thatcher and accept him as a disciple?
只要想到这个可能，安戈洛就妒忌无比，酸得浑身骨头都疼。
As soon as he thought of this possibility, Angolo was so jealous that his bones ached.
偏偏这种可能性又很高，校长可是很看重这个资质好、天赋高，将来也最有可能继承隔壁帝国帝位的宝贝蛋。
However, this possibility is very high, and the principal values this baby egg with good qualifications, high talent, and the most likely to inherit the throne of the empire next door in the future.
如果校长给闻笛教授推荐撒奇尔，闻笛教授会拒绝吗？ If the president recommended Thatcher to Professor Wendi, would Professor Wendi refuse?
偏偏撒奇尔本人也真的很优秀…… But Thatchir himself is really good......
嘤嘤嘤！安戈洛难过得想哭，为什么同是后台强硬的魔三代，别人资质和天赋就那么高，他怎么就那么低？他爸妈明明都是极为优秀的魔法师，难道……他真的是抱来的吗？
Boom! Angolo was so sad that he wanted to cry, why is he the same as the third generation of demons who are tough in the background, and the qualifications and talents of others are so high, why is he so low? His parents are obviously excellent magicians, don't they...... Did he really bring it?
难过的安戈洛在走出校园大门后，忽然闻到了一股强烈的香味。
After the sad Angolo walked out of the campus gate, he suddenly smelled a strong fragrance.
咕噜噜，少年的肚子立刻叫了起来。 Grunting, the boy's stomach immediately screamed.
安戈洛这才想起他因为心情不好，加上躲避那些讨厌的家伙，连中饭都没吃。
Angolo then remembered that he hadn't even eaten lunch because he was in a bad mood and avoided those nasty guys.
安戈洛就寻着香味找了过去。 Angolo searched for the scent.
很快他就找到了两个身穿陨星校服的学生，他们正在卖一种叫蓝星小面的魔食。
Soon he found two students in Meteorite uniforms, who were selling a kind of magic food called Blue Star Noodles.
一银币一碗的价格并不贵，安戈洛就买了一碗。 The price of a bowl of silver coins is not expensive, so Angolo bought a bowl.
吃了一碗感觉不饱，他又让摊主下了一碗，还另外花钱加了两把被摊主称为鸡毛菜的青色蔬菜。
After eating a bowl and feeling full, he asked the stall owner to make another bowl, and also spent another money to add two handfuls of green vegetables that the stall owner called chicken hairy vegetables.
安戈洛只觉得这面吃起来香，那蔬菜也特别好吃。 Angolo only thinks that this noodle tastes good, and the vegetables are also very delicious.
走的时候，安戈洛还想买点蔬菜带回去吃，可惜摊主不肯单卖。
When leaving, Angolo wanted to buy some vegetables to take back to eat, but unfortunately the stall owner refused to sell them alone.
“那我多买几碗面。” "Then I'll buy a few more bowls of noodles."
“不行。”王叶直摇头，前面没控制好，他买的五千袋泡面竟然快要见底了。
"Nope." Wang Ye shook his head, the front was not well controlled, and the five thousand bags of instant noodles he bought were about to bottom out.
不算巨人族，前面好多学生吃完一碗面，转头又会回来买，一买就是几十份，也不知是帮别人带的，还是留着自己慢慢吃。
Not counting the giant clan, many students in front of them will come back to buy after eating a bowl of noodles, and they will buy dozens of servings, and I don't know if they brought it for others, or keep it for themselves to eat slowly.
“面快不够了，现在全部限量，一个人最多买三份。” "The noodles are almost not enough, and now they are all limited, and one person can buy up to three copies."
“别啊，三份太少了，最少五份吧。”嚷嚷的是正在排队的一些学生，他们大多都是回头客。
"Don't, three is too little, at least five." The shouting was a number of students who were in line, most of them repeat customers.
王叶坚决地道：“不行，只能三份，否则再卖几个人就没有了。”
Wang Ye said resolutely: "No, you can only have three copies, otherwise you won't be able to sell a few more people." ”
王叶提高声音冲着队伍后面喊：“后面不用排了，面快没有了！”
Wang Ye raised his voice and shouted at the back of the team: "There is no need to line up in the back, the face is almost gone!" ”
一堆抱怨声响起，可排在队伍后面的人没一个离开。 A bunch of complaints rang out, but none of the people at the back of the line left.
倒是后面再来人，排在前面的人会跟后面的人带着点炫耀和得意地说：“没面了没面了，不用来排了，我是最后一个，后面没机会了！”
But there will be people coming later, and the people in front of the queue will say with the people behind with a little show-off and pride: "No face, no face, no need to line up, I'm the last, there is no chance in the back!" ”
安戈洛不肯走，站在王叶身边软磨硬泡。 Angolo refused to leave, and stood beside Wang Ye to grind hard bubbles.
“我就再买十份，双倍价格买。” "I'll buy ten more copies and double the price."
“不行啊。我今天本来就是优惠价，多卖给你那么多份，我就吃大亏了。”
"No, I can't. I was originally at a preferential price today, and if I sold you so many copies, I would have suffered a big loss. ”
“那十倍价。”安戈洛真不差钱。 "That's ten times the price." Angolo is really not bad for money.
王叶顿时心动，但他刚刚才说了要限量，现在就改口，是不是不太好？
Wang Ye was suddenly moved, but he just said that he wanted to limit it, and now he will change his words, isn't it good?
就在王叶犹豫的几秒间，安戈洛一狠心，开了个超高价：“一魔晶一份，蔬菜要加双份。我买一百份。”
Just a few seconds after Wang Ye hesitated, Angolo was ruthless and offered a super high price: "One magic crystal is one serving, and the vegetables should be doubled." I buy a hundred copies. ”
王叶：碰到傻大款了？好好好，我就喜欢这种傻大款！ Wang Ye: Did you run into a stupid big money? Okay, good, I just like this kind of stupid big money!
“来来来，同学，我们到一边说。”王叶把大厨的工作转交给雷木，把安戈洛拉到一边商谈。
"Come on, classmate, let's talk to the side." Wang Ye handed over the chef's work to Lei Mu and pulled Angolo aside to discuss.
“面条是真快没了，要么我单独卖你蔬菜和调味料，你回去自己弄点面皮面条的也能下。”王叶搓着爪子说。
"The noodles are really running out, or I'll sell you vegetables and seasonings separately, and you can go back and make some noodles yourself." Wang Ye rubbed his paws and said.
安戈洛是个很好说话的人，他最想买的还是蔬菜，对调料和面饼并不是很在意，但摊主说能附带调味料，他当然也不会不要。
Angolo is a good talker, he wants to buy vegetables the most, and he doesn't care much about spices and pastries, but the stall owner says that it can be accompanied by seasonings, and of course he will not want it.
于是，一笔私底下的交易就这么达成了。 So, a private deal was made.
王叶卖了一百份的青菜和调味料给安戈洛。青菜一份就按三棵算，小青菜可比鸡毛菜看起来有份量多了。安戈洛顿时觉得自己赚到了，更觉得这个小摊主是个诚厚人。
Wang Ye sold a hundred servings of greens and seasonings to Angolo. One serving of green vegetables is counted as three, and small green vegetables seem to be much larger than chicken hairy vegetables. Angolo suddenly felt that he had earned it, and even more felt that this little stall owner was a sincere person.
后面排队的学生们很不高兴，嚷嚷说摊主见钱眼开，担心面条轮到他们就没了。直到王叶说他卖的只是调味料和配面的蔬菜，大家才没有继续闹下去。
The students in the back of the queue were very unhappy, shouting that the stall owners were worried that the noodles would be gone when it was their turn. It wasn't until Wang Ye said that he only sold seasonings and vegetables with noodles that everyone didn't continue to make trouble.
把蔬菜和调味料都放入储物手镯中的安戈洛难得地昂起头，心想一群傻瓜，那面条有什么好的，重点是蔬菜才是最好吃的！
Angolo, who put all the vegetables and seasonings in the storage bracelet, held his head up in a rare way, thinking to himself a bunch of fools, what is so good about the noodles, the point is that the vegetables are the best!
好吧，这时候的安戈洛也只是因为嘴馋又不缺钱，加上人心情不愉快消费欲旺盛，这才会高价买了一堆青菜回去。
Well, at this time, Angolo was only because he was greedy and not short of money, and he was in an unhappy mood and had a strong desire to consume, so he bought a bunch of vegetables at a high price and went back.
第190章 蔬菜羹、撒奇尔 Chapter 190: Vegetable Soup, Thatcher
馋嘴的安戈洛当晚没有回去学校宿舍，而是住在了他爷爷那里，也就是魔法公会内部。
The gluttonous Angolo did not go back to the school dormitory that night, but stayed at his grandfather's, that is, inside the Magic Guild.
双月城的魔法公会建造得跟个大城堡似的，里面住着分会的绝大部分的工作人员和他们的家属，加上其他杂七杂八的人员，也有一两千之数。
The Magic Guild in Twin Moon City was built like a large castle, and most of the staff of the branch and their families lived in it, plus other miscellaneous personnel, there were also one or two thousand.
就像是个中型住宅小区，里面还有自己的商业街。 It's like a medium-sized residential complex with its own shopping street.
安戈洛从小就在这里长大，对这座城堡的感情非常深厚。
Angolo grew up here and has a very deep affection for the castle.
可惜他爷爷又在忙工作，今晚不能和他一起吃饭。 It's a pity that his grandfather is busy with work again and can't eat with him tonight.
到了晚饭时间，感觉肚子又有些饿的安戈洛开始自己烧饭做菜。
When it was time for dinner, Angolo, who felt a little hungry again, began to cook his own food.
一名傀儡在旁边碍手碍脚地帮忙，他要刀，对方能给他递锅。他要锅，对方就给他递萝卜。各种一言难尽。
A puppet is in the way of helping, he asks for a knife, and the other party can hand him a pot. He asked for a pot, and the other party handed him a turnip. It's hard to describe all kinds of things.
但这可是他的保父呢，他刚出生没多久，就是这位保父把他带大的。
But this is his patriot, who brought him up not long after he was born.
阿红保父会变成这样，是他十岁时贪玩溜出去，结果被爷爷的仇人抓住，阿红为了保护他，才会变成这样。
Ah Hong's father will become like this, it is because he sneaked out when he was ten years old, but he was caught by his grandfather's enemy, and Ah Hong became like this in order to protect him.
爷爷说阿红修不好了，想要给他换一个傀儡保父，但他不想要，他只想要阿红。
Grandpa said that Ah Hong was not good at repairing and wanted to change him to a puppet father, but he didn't want it, he just wanted Ah Hong.
安戈洛一口气切了十棵小青菜，切得碎碎的。 Angolo cut ten small greens in one go, and chopped them into pieces.
“阿红，我们今晚吃蔬菜羹吧，香浓美味的蔬菜羹，用来蘸面包吃，肯定棒极了。”
"Ah Hong, let's eat vegetable soup tonight, fragrant and delicious vegetable soup, used to dip bread and eat, it must be great."
“嗯嗯。” "Uh-huh."
“把那边的勺子给我。”安戈洛接过阿红递过来的盐罐子，笑眯眯地说：“谢谢阿红。”
"Give me the spoon over there." Angolo took the salt jar handed over by Ah Hong, and said with a smile, "Thank you, Ah Hong." ”
然后自己过去拿了勺子，放进锅里搅拌。 Then I went over and got a spoon and put it in the pot and stirred.
阿红凑到他身后，伸手想要帮忙。 Hong leaned behind him and reached out to help.
安戈洛就把勺子递给它：“就这样一直搅，不要太用力，不会糊锅底就行。我去看看面包好了没有。”
Angolo handed it the spoon: "Just keep stirring like this, don't push too hard, don't stick to the bottom of the pot." I'll go see if the bread is ready. ”
“嗯嗯。”阿红接过勺子，很认真地在锅里搅来搅去。 "Uh-huh." Ah Hong took the spoon and stirred it around in the pot very seriously.
安戈洛见面包已经烘烤得差不多，又转回来，先夸奖阿红，再要放作料时，想起那个小摊主随着青菜一起卖给他的调味料。
When Angolo saw that the bread was almost baked, he turned back, first praised Ah Hong, and then put the ingredients, when he remembered the seasoning that the little stall owner had sold him along with the greens.
虽然蔬菜羹不太适合这么香浓的味道，但放一点应该没问题。
Although the vegetable soup is not suitable for such a fragrant taste, it should be fine to put a little bit in.
安戈洛就往锅里倒了点小叶子牌调味料，搅了搅，发现并没有下午吃的蓝星小面那么霸道的香味，他又尝了尝调味料的味道，是咸中带鲜的味道。
Angolo poured some small leaf brand seasoning into the pot, stirred it, and found that it was not as domineering as the blue star noodles he ate in the afternoon, and he tasted the flavor of the seasoning, which was salty and fresh.
安戈洛放心了，又往锅里倒了一点。 Angolo was relieved and poured a little more into the pot.
再一搅拌，一股独属于蔬菜羹的香味在厨房中溢散开。 Stirring again, a unique aroma of vegetable soup spreads in the kitchen.
这味道闻着就让人想要喝上一碗，一定从身到心都能暖和过来。
The smell of this smell makes people want to drink a bowl, and it must warm up from the body to the heart.
说来，这两天双月城开始降温，他们的校服也已经从夏季校服换成了秋季校服。
Speaking of which, in the past two days, the city of Two Moons has begun to cool down, and their school uniforms have also changed from summer school uniforms to autumn school uniforms.
蔬菜羹做好，安戈洛给自己和阿红一人盛了一碗，端端正正地放到桌子上，又把餐具全都放好，他和阿红一人一套。
When the vegetable soup was ready, Angolo served a bowl for himself and Ah Hong, put it on the table upright, and put all the tableware away, and he and Ah Hong set it up.
一转头，就看到阿红已经端着滚烫的烤面包盘过来。 As soon as I turned my head, I saw that Ah Hong had already come over with a hot toast tray.
安戈洛高兴地叫：“阿红，你今天好棒！” Angolo happily exclaimed, "Ah Hong, you are so good today!" ”
阿红：“嗯嗯。”端着烤面包盘就走出了厨房。 Hong: "Uh-huh. He walked out of the kitchen with a toast tray.
安戈洛连忙追出去，又把阿红拉回来，他们不需要到餐厅吃饭，就他们两个，在厨房吃就可以。
Angolo hurriedly chased him out and pulled Ah Hong back, they didn't need to go to the restaurant to eat, just the two of them, just eat in the kitchen.
安戈洛帮阿红拉好椅子，让他坐下，自己也在阿红对面坐下。
Angolo helped Ah Hong pull up a chair and let him sit down, and he also sat down opposite Ah Hong.
“请品尝我做的美食。我有信心，今晚的蔬菜羹一定超级好喝。”安戈洛拿起勺子。
"Please taste the food I made. I'm confident that tonight's vegetable soup will be super delicious. Angolo picked up the spoon.
阿红低头，一根手指插入蔬菜羹里，又拔出来，放进嘴里，“嗯嗯。”
Ah Hong lowered her head, inserted a finger into the vegetable soup, pulled it out again, and put it in her mouth, "Mmmm." ”
安戈洛非常高兴，他教了阿红好久，阿红终于记住每天和他吃饭的时候，都会跟着尝一口。
Angolo was very happy, he taught Ah Hong for a long time, and Ah Hong finally remembered that every day when she ate with him, she would taste it.
安戈洛舀起一勺蔬菜羹吹了吹，放进嘴里。 Angolo scooped up a spoonful of vegetable soup and blew it into his mouth.
“唔！”安戈洛眼睛圆睁。 "Hmm!" Angolo's eyes widened.
阿红猛地抬头看向他。 Hong looked up at him sharply.
安戈洛咽下蔬菜羹，兴奋地叫：“阿红，好好吃啊！超级好吃！”
Angolo swallowed the vegetable soup and excitedly exclaimed, "Ah Hong, it's delicious!" Super delicious! ”
同一时间，双月魔法学校校长办公室。 At the same time, the office of the headmaster of the Twin Moon School of Magic.
闻笛与校长布鲁隔桌相对，也不知道是不是他气势比较足，还是身姿特别挺拔的缘故，哪怕只是随便坐在那里，就给人以大人物之感。
Wen Di and Principal Blue are facing each other across the table, and I don't know if he is more imposing, or because his posture is particularly upright, even if he just sits there casually, he gives people the feeling of a big man.
如果不知道的人看到这两位，还以为闻笛才是校长，而校长只是这个学校的普通员工。
If people who don't know see these two, they still think that Wen Di is the principal, and the principal is just an ordinary employee of this school.
当然，能坐上双月星第一魔法学校第一管理人位子的校长大人，肯定不会只是一个普通人，他就是那种传说中气势很内敛的大佬。
Of course, the headmaster, who can sit in the position of the first manager of the No. 1 Magic School of the Double Moon Star, will definitely not be just an ordinary person, he is the kind of boss who is very restrained in the legend.
这种人表面看着好说话，实际上却是个一旦决定了什么就很难改变主意的强势者。
This kind of person looks easy to talk on the surface, but in fact he is a strong person who is difficult to change his mind once he has decided something.
但他的强势不在表面，所以很多人往往在和他说话途中才发现被这位给牵着鼻子走了。
But his strength is not on the surface, so many people often find out that they are led by the nose by this one when they are talking to him.
闻笛很了解对方，他和这位位高权重的校长大人也能算得上是私交很不错的朋友，不过他能在这座学校里获得比较大的自由度，靠的可不是他和校长的私交，而是他的实力。
Wen Di knows each other very well, and he and this high-ranking headmaster can be regarded as very good personal friends, but he can get a relatively large degree of freedom in this school, not because of his personal relationship with the principal, but because of his strength.
所以校长的推荐，他会耐心听完，但接不接受则全看他自己。
Therefore, he will listen patiently to the principal's recommendation, but it is up to him whether he accepts it or not.
“你觉得如何？”布鲁校长面带殷切地道。 "What do you think?" Principal Blue said earnestly.
闻笛手指骨节敲了敲椅子扶手，如果王叶在这里，肯定能看出他闻笛师父标志性的表示不耐烦的小动作。
Wen Di's finger knuckles tapped on the armrest of the chair, and if Wang Ye was here, he would definitely be able to see his Wen Di Master's signature little gesture of impatience.
但布鲁校长显然还没有对这位好友观察到细致入微的程度，他以为闻笛只是在思考和权衡。
But Principal Blue had apparently not yet observed the level of detail of his friend, and he thought that Wendi was just thinking and weighing.
布鲁忍不住再次开口：“虽然他的身份比较麻烦，但相信我，你看到那个孩子会喜欢他的，他真的非常优秀。我任校长这么多年来，九品中等的资质也见过几个，但能同时具有这孩子一样天赋的却只有这孩子一个。”
Blue couldn't help but speak again: "Although his identity is more troublesome, believe me, you see that kid will like him, he is really very good." I have been the principal for so many years, and I have seen a few qualifications in Jiupinzhong, but only this child can have the same talent as this child at the same time. ”
闻笛撩起眼皮：“看来你很喜欢那个学生。” Wen Di raised his eyelids: "It seems that you like that student very much." ”
布鲁校长失笑：“我确实很喜欢他，但他也确实值得我喜欢他。”
Principal Blue laughed, "I do like him, but he does deserve to be liked by him." ”
“撒家人？撒埃德的儿子？” "Sasa? Saed's son? ”
“是。” "Yes."
闻笛嘴角勾起一丝冷漠的笑：“据我所知，撒埃德的小儿子从出生开始就身体不佳，至于资质虽然对外面没有传言过，但似乎撒家人一直都在寻找能改善资质的天材地宝。”
The corners of Wen Di's mouth hooked up a cold smile: "As far as I know, Saed's youngest son has been in poor health since birth, and although there have been no rumors about his qualifications, it seems that the Sae family has been looking for natural treasures that can improve his qualifications." ”
布鲁校长：“我也听说了这事，但是以那位大帝的能力，想要治好这唯一的继承人还不是一件很容易的事情？至于资质，应该原本就很高，然后又提高了一些吧。”
Headmaster Blue: "I've heard about this, too, but with the power of that emperor, it's not easy to heal the sole heir?" As for the qualifications, they should have been very high, and then they were improved. ”
闻笛：“唯一？撒埃德有两个儿子吧。” Wen Di: "The only one? Saeed had two sons. ”
布鲁校长被噎住，头疼道：“你是不是对撒家人有意见？”
Principal Blue choked on and said with a headache, "Do you have an opinion about the Saga family?" ”
“不。” "Nope."
布鲁校长刚松口气。 Principal Blue breathed a sigh of relief.
“我只是看他们不顺眼。” "I just don't like them."
布鲁校长：“……” Principal Blue: "......"
布鲁校长苦口婆心道：“撒奇尔还只是一个孩子，他才十五岁，他真的很优秀，而我们学校很有必要和隔壁继续维持一个良好的关系。未来的帝王能选择入读我们学校，这就是一个很好的信号，如果将来撒奇尔能上位，你应该明白这代表了什么？”
Principal Blue said bitterly: "Thatcher is only a child, he is only fifteen years old, he is really good, and it is necessary for our school to continue to maintain a good relationship with the next door." The fact that the future emperor can choose to enroll in our school is a good sign, and if Thatcher can ascend to the throne in the future, you should understand what this means? ”
“代表我们学校以后就归他管了？” "It means that our school will be under his control in the future?"
“当然不是这个意思！”布鲁校长差点拍桌。 "Of course not!" Principal Blue almost slapped the table.
闻笛：“我不管他是谁，我的弟子至少要让我看得顺眼。”
Wen Di: "I don't care who he is, my disciple must at least let me look at it well." ”
“你又还没有见过他，要么我把他叫来，你看看？他很崇拜你呢，他来我们学校上学后，很多教授都想收他为亲传弟子，但他一心想要等你回来。”布鲁校长温言软语道。
"You haven't seen him yet, or I'll call him for you to see? He admires you very much, and after he came to our school, many professors wanted to take him as a disciple, but he wanted to wait for you to come back. Principal Blue said softly.
闻笛：“所以你才写信催我回来？早知我就不回来了。”
Wen Di: "That's why you wrote to urge me to come back?" I wouldn't have come back. ”
布鲁校长：“……” Principal Blue: "......"
闻笛起身：“如果你找我只有这件事，那我先走了。” Wen Di got up: "If you are looking for me only for this matter, then I will leave first." ”
“等等！你回来后会带课吧？你要是实在不想收弟子，要么先指导几个学生？”布鲁校长忙叫住闻笛。
"Wait! You'll be taking a class when you come back, right? If you really don't want to take in disciples, why don't you instruct a few students first? Principal Blue hurriedly stopped Wen Di.
闻笛心里不耐烦，脸上也直接带了出来，他从来不是什么好脾气的人：“看来你是非要让我指点那个撒骑马了。”
Wen Di was impatient, and his face was directly brought out, he has never been a good-tempered person: "It seems that you have to let me instruct that Sa to ride a horse." ”
布鲁校长声音降低了八度：“他不叫撒骑马，他叫撒奇尔。”
Principal Blue lowered his voice an octave: "He doesn't call Saqir to ride a horse, he calls it Thatcher." ”
闻笛没说话，但那讽刺的表情就像是在说那小子叫什么名字跟我有关系吗？
布鲁校长捂额道：“闻笛，看在我们朋友一场的份上，你别让我难做。”
Principal Blue covered his forehead and said, "Wen Di, for the sake of our friends, don't make it difficult for me." ”
闻笛挑眉：“行，我不让你难做。要我收徒可以，我只收最强者。不管是撒骑马还是撒骑驴，他要当我的弟子，就必须先通过我的考验。这是我的底线。”
Wen Di raised his eyebrows: "Okay, I won't make it difficult for you." If you want me to take in disciples, I can only accept the strongest. Whether he rides a horse or a donkey, if he wants to be my disciple, he must first pass my test. That's my bottom line. ”
布鲁校长也不敢逼迫闻笛太过，见他肯退一步，忙问：“什么样的考验？”
Principal Blue didn't dare to force Wen Di too much, and seeing that he was willing to take a step back, he hurriedly asked, "What kind of test?" ”
闻笛略略思考：“马上不是各校大比了吗？我的考验就放在炼药专业比试中，只要能通过，对方也愿意，我就收他为弟子。”
Wen Di thought for a moment: "Isn't it a big competition between schools soon?" My test is in the alchemy professional competition, as long as I can pass it, and the other party is willing, I will accept him as a disciple. ”
“好。那就这么说定。”布鲁校长显然对撒奇尔的炼药能力充满信心，坚信他一定会在炼药专业夺得第一。
"Good. So say it. "Principal Blue is obviously full of confidence in Thatchir's alchemy ability, and firmly believes that he will definitely win the first place in the alchemy major.
闻笛好笑，他可没说会收夺得第一的学生为弟子，他说的是必须通过他放在比试中的考验。
Wen Di was funny, he didn't say that he would accept the first student as a disciple, he said that he had to pass the test he put in the competition.
不过布鲁这么认为，那就让他这么认为吧。 But if Blue thinks so, let him think so.
布鲁校长在闻笛离开后，就把撒奇尔叫了过来，跟他说了闻笛教授收弟子的条件。
After Wen Di left, Principal Blue called Thatch over and told him about Professor Wen Di's conditions for accepting disciples.
布鲁自然要为自己人说好话，就说：“闻笛教授也是为了公平，否则别人提起来，要是说他是看人背景收弟子就不好了。当然，我们都相信你一定能在炼药专业大比中夺得头名，不过这两天你还是再准备一下。”
Blue naturally wanted to say good things for his own people, so he said: "Professor Wendi is also for fairness, otherwise if others mention it, it will not be good to say that he is accepting disciples based on people's background." Of course, we all believe that you will definitely be able to win the first place in the alchemy professional competition, but you still have to prepare again in the next two days. ”
撒奇尔握拳，脸上露出志在必得的神情：“校长您放心，第一名一定是我的。”
Thatcher clenched his fists, and his face showed a look of determination: "Don't worry, principal, the first place must be mine." ”
布鲁校长欣慰地笑：“我也相信你的优秀。” Principal Blue smiled with satisfaction, "I also believe in your excellence. ”
布鲁校长略微一顿：“过后我会让人把各校参加炼药专业大比的人员名单和他们的一些个人信息整理后送给你，知己知彼方才百战不贻，多了解一下对手对你也没什么坏处。”
Principal Blue paused slightly: "After that, I will ask people to sort out the list of people who participated in the alchemy major competition in each school and some of their personal information and send it to you. ”
撒奇尔感激道：“谢谢校长。” Thatchir said gratefully, "Thank you, Headmaster. ”
撒奇尔离开校长办公室，口中低声念了什么。 Thatcher left the headmaster's office and whispered something out of his mouth.
一只黑色的小鸟落到他肩膀上。 A small black bird landed on his shoulder.
“去跟着闻笛教授，我要知道他在炼药专业大比中准备了什么考验。”撒奇尔低声道。
"Go and follow Professor Wen Di, I want to know what tests he has prepared for in the alchemy professional competition." Thatcher whispered.
黑色小鸟倏地消失。 The little black bird disappeared suddenly.
撒奇尔招手，就等在附近的四名少年这才走过来。 Thatcher beckoned, and waited for the four teenagers who were nearby to come over.
这四名少年都是双月的学生，年级不同，是他父亲安排保护他的人手，也是他的手下。
The four teenagers were all students of different grades, and they were the men his father had arranged to protect him, and they were also his subordinates.
论能力和个人影响力，这四人也是撒奇尔的拥趸中最强的四人。
In terms of ability and personal influence, these four are also the strongest four of Thatcher's supporters.
“我想知道今年炼药专业大比会考什么，谁出题。”撒奇尔道。
"I want to know what will be tested in this year's alchemy major competition, and who will ask for it." Thatcher Dao.
五年级的那名学生第一个开口道：“我们这就去打听。”
The fifth-grader was the first to speak, "Let's go and inquire." ”
“尽快。”撒奇尔觉得这样还不保险，他决定联系他父亲，看看能不能弄到什么能在比试中对他有利的东西。
"As soon as possible." Thatcher decided that this was not safe, and he decided to contact his father to see if he could get anything that would work in his favor during the competition.
他的身份、他的脸面，都不容许他败给其他人。他必须夺得第一！
His identity, his face, does not allow him to lose to others. He had to take the first place!
而他也只要最好的指导教授。 And he just needs the best advisors.
那位闻笛教授的优秀，可是连大帝都夸奖过。 That Professor Wendi is excellent, but even the emperor has praised him.
而且别人都只知道闻笛教授擅长炼药，是八级的药帅，却不知道闻笛教授不止精通炼药和医学，他还是一名至少八级的魔阵宗师。
Moreover, others only knew that Professor Wen Di was good at alchemy, and he was an eighth-level medicine commander, but they didn't know that Professor Wen Di was not only proficient in alchemy and medicine, he was also a Demon Array Grandmaster at least eighth-level.
只不过后面这点关系到闻笛教授的身份背景，闻笛一般不会和人提起。
It's just that the latter point is related to the identity background of Professor Wen Di, and Wen Di usually doesn't mention it to others.
想到闻笛教授被隐藏的那个身份背景，撒奇尔就心头一阵火热。
Thinking of the background of Professor Wendi's hidden identity, Thatcher's heart was hot.
那可是一条通天之道！ That's a way to heaven!
如果他能成为闻笛教授的弟子，他将来说不定能成为比他堂爷爷撒尔曼大帝更了不起的人物。
If he could become a disciple of Professor Wendi, he might be even more remarkable than his cousin, Sahrmann the Great.
撒奇尔眼中露出傲然之光。属于他的，他绝不会让别人夺走。不管是帝位，还是指导教授！
Thatcher's eyes lit up with pride. What belongs to him, he will never let others take it away. Whether it's the throne or the professor!
第191章 效果出、闻笛怒 Chapter 191: The effect is out, and the flute is angry
安戈洛一个晚上就把他买回来的青菜全都吃了。 Angolo ate all the greens he bought in one night.
他也不知道怎么回事，就感觉吃了蔬菜羹以后，身体中像是打开了某种奇怪的开关。
He didn't know what was going on, but he felt like some kind of strange switch had turned on in his body after eating the vegetable soup.
不，也许是从昨天下午吃了那蓝星小面开始，他竟然吃没一会儿就会感到饥饿，然后再吃，吃完没多久又会饿。
No, maybe it was from eating the Blue Star noodles yesterday afternoon, and he felt hungry after eating it for a while, and then he ate again, and he was hungry again not long after eating.
而且其他食物他都不想吃，他就想吃那些青菜。 And he didn't want to eat any other food, he just wanted to eat those greens.
为了填饱自己的肚子，他昨晚不断地做蔬菜羹，把他烤好准备吃两天的面包也全都吃光了。
In order to fill his stomach, he kept making vegetable soup last night, and he had eaten all the bread that he had baked and was ready to eat for two days.
第二天早上起来，他的肚子竟然又瘪了。 When he woke up the next morning, his stomach was deflated again.
而且他浑身竟然冒出了黄黑色的油，看着恶心，闻着更恶心。
And he was covered in yellow-black oil, disgusting to look at, and even more disgusting to smell.
安戈洛终于惊慌起来，他害怕那些蔬菜和调味料有什么问题，导致他身体变异了。
Angolo finally panicked, he was afraid that something was wrong with those vegetables and seasonings, causing his body to mutate.
安戈洛急得简单冲洗了一下，连鞋子都没穿好就跑去找他爷爷。
Angolo was so anxious that he rinsed it briefly, and ran to his grandfather without even putting on his shoes.
安格斯听了孙子急急忙忙的叙述，让他把剩下的青菜和调味料拿出来。
Angus listened to his grandson's hurried narration and asked him to take out the rest of the greens and seasonings.
结果调味料还有一些，青菜却一根不剩。 As a result, there were still some seasonings, but there were no greens left.
安格斯头疼，把嘴馋的孙子骂一顿，赶紧给他做检查，又请来公会里最厉害的药师。
Angus had a headache, scolded his greedy grandson, quickly checked him, and invited the most powerful pharmacist in the guild.
药师也是把安戈洛从小看到大，对安戈洛很好，听安戈洛嚷嚷肚子饿，就拿出一个小盒子，从里面取出一只宛如七星瓢虫的小虫子。
The pharmacist also saw Angolo since he was a child, and he was very good to Angolo, and when he heard Angolo yelling that he was hungry, he took out a small box and took out a small insect like a seven-star ladybug from it.
“张嘴。” "Open your mouth."
安戈洛不肯张嘴，难道要他吃虫子吗？ Angolo refuses to open his mouth, does he want him to eat bugs?
药师拍安戈洛脑袋：“瞎想什么。这是药虫，它进入你体内，可以检查你的身体到底出了什么问题，不管是中毒还是变异，它都能告诉我。这药虫可宝贵了，是虫老赠送给我的礼物，要不是你，我可不会拿出来。”
The pharmacist patted Angolo on the head: "What are you thinking?" This is a medicine bug, it enters your body, it can check what is wrong with your body, whether it is poisoning or mutation, it can tell me. This medicine insect is precious, it is a gift from the worm elder to me, if it weren't for you, I wouldn't have taken it out. ”
“虫老？” "Worm Old?"
药师笑：“你们小一辈不知道很正常，虫老可是很厉害的大佬。”
The pharmacist smiled: "It's normal for you juniors not to know, but the worm is a very powerful boss." ”
安格斯会长感叹：“那位啊，不知道是不是还活着。” President Angus sighed, "I don't know if that one is still alive." ”
“他在陨星，活得可好了。前一阵子我还收到他的消息，他老人家好像收了一个弟子，语气嫌弃得不得了，但肯定是喜欢到极点了。”药师把药虫放入安戈洛口中。
"He's in the Meteor, and he's alive and well. I also received a message from him a while ago, his old man seems to have accepted a disciple, and his tone is very disgusted, but he must like it to the extreme. The medicine man put the medicine worm into Angolo's mouth.
安戈洛就感到嘴里有点痒，过了一会儿，有什么东西像是钻入了他体内。
Angolo felt a little itch in his mouth, and after a while, something seemed to burrow into him.
“哦？”安格斯对虫老收弟子这件事很感兴趣，一边盯着自家孙子，一边问：“虫老的弟子是陨星的学生？”
"Oh?" Angus was very interested in the fact that Worm Lao accepted disciples, and while staring at his grandson, he asked, "Worm Lao's disciple is a student of Meteorite?" ”
“是啊。” "yes."
“那么那孩子今年会来参加大比吗？” "So will that kid come to the big competition this year?"
“应该不会吧，毕竟是才收的弟子，好像还很小，八岁还是九岁，刚入学。”
"Probably not, after all, it's a disciple who has just been accepted, it seems that he is still very young, eight or nine years old, and he has just entered school."
“这么小？那看来是不会来了。” "So small? That doesn't look like it's coming. ”
紧张的等待半小时后，药师接住从安戈洛耳朵里爬出来的小虫子，握着那小虫子闭眼沟通了一会儿。
After waiting nervously for half an hour, the pharmacist caught the little bug crawling out of Angolo's ear, held the little bug and closed his eyes for a while.
“没事，小安的身体很好，比以前还好，没有中毒，也没有变异，他之所以会这样，只是他身体里的杂质排除了很多。”药师睁开眼睛笑道。
"It's okay, Xiao An's body is very good, better than before, there is no poisoning, and there is no mutation, the reason why he is like this is just that a lot of impurities in his body have been eliminated." The pharmacist opened his eyes and smiled.
“哦？排除杂质？”安格斯欣喜，“这么说小安吃的是好东西？”
"Oh? Eliminate impurities? Angus was delighted, "So Xiao Ann eats good things?" ”
“那肯定是好东西。青菜没有了，那调味料还有么？给我一点，我来分析看看。”
"That's got to be a good thing. The greens are gone, so is there any seasoning? Give me a little and I'll analyze it. ”
安戈洛乖乖拿出一份调味料。 Angolo obediently took out a portion of the seasoning.
药师接过就去做分析了。 The pharmacist took it and went to do the analysis.
安戈洛摸着肚子，愁眉苦脸。 Angolo touched his stomach and frowned.
“怎么，还有哪里不舒服？”安格斯担心孙子。 "What, what's uncomfortable?" Angus worries about his grandson.
安戈洛哭丧着脸道：“爷爷，我饿啊。” Angolo cried and said, "Grandpa, I'm hungry." ”
安格斯头疼，“怎么会饿成这样？难道是排除杂质的缘故？”
Angus had a headache, "How can you be so hungry?" Is it because of the elimination of impurities? ”
安格斯也不敢随便给孙子吃东西，硬是等到药师那边对调味料分析结束。
Angus didn't dare to give his grandson anything to eat, so he waited until the pharmacist's analysis of the seasoning was over.
“怎么样？”安格斯问。 "How?" Angus asked.
“好东西！”药师眼睛晶亮：“这调味料其实就是魔药，还是性质非常温和，可以调养身体、祛除身体杂质，并能改善资质的好东西。只不过分量太少了，如果多一点……”
"Good stuff!" The pharmacist's eyes lit up: "This seasoning is actually a magic potion, and it is still a good thing with a very mild nature, which can nourish the body, remove impurities from the body, and improve qualifications." It's just that the portion is too small, if it's a little more......"
安格斯一把捞过孙子：“你说你昨天买了多少？” Angus scooped up his grandson: "How much did you say you bought yesterday?" ”
安戈洛老老实实地回答：“一百份调味料，还有一百份青菜。”
Angolo replied honestly: "A hundred seasonings, and a hundred greens." ”
“你花了多少魔晶？” "How many magic crystals did you spend?"
“一百枚……一级魔晶。” "One hundred...... Level 1 Magic Crystal. ”
竟然这么便宜？安格斯深吸气：“过来，我给你重新检测一下资质。”
How cheap is it? Angus took a deep breath: "Come here, I'll re-test your qualifications." ”
资质检测结果出来，安戈洛现在的资质还是三级，但不再是三级低品，而是变成了三级高品。
The qualification test results came out, and Angolo's current qualification is still level three, but it is no longer a third-level low-grade, but a third-level high-grade.
“小安运气不错，竟然能碰上这样的好事。一百枚一级魔晶竟然能买到这样有效的改善资质的宝贝，小安这次赚大了。”药师感叹。
"Xiao An is lucky to be able to meet such a good thing. A hundred first-class magic crystals can buy such an effective treasure to improve qualifications, and Xiao An has made a lot of money this time. The pharmacist sighed.
安戈洛尖叫一声跳了起来。 Angolo screamed and jumped up.
虽然没有突破等级，但能从低品变成高品对他来说就已经是天大的进步。
Although he didn't break through the level, being able to change from a low grade to a high grade was already a great improvement for him.
天知道他爷爷和他父母在过去给他吃了多少好东西，但都没什么用处。
God knows how many good things his grandfather and his parents have given him in the past, but none of them have been of much use.
安格斯会长不禁也觉得孙子是傻人有傻福，竟然给他撞到这样的好事。想想看他以前给孙子买的改善资质的天材地宝的价格……关键是吃了也没用，多少魔晶都是白花！
President Angus couldn't help but feel that his grandson was a fool and a fool, and he actually bumped into such a good thing. Think about the price of the heavenly treasures he used to buy for his grandson to improve his qualifications...... The point is that it's useless to eat it, how many magic crystals are white flowers!
“爷爷！我的资质提升了，我的资质终于提升了。”安戈洛兴奋地大叫，叫着叫着就哭了起来。
"Grandpa! My qualifications have improved, and my qualifications have finally improved. Angolo cried out excitedly, screaming and crying.
阿红围着他转，“嗯嗯。” Ah Hong circled around him, "Uh-huh." ”
安戈洛一把抱住阿红，哭得上气不接下气。 Angolo hugged Ah Hong and cried breathlessly.
安格斯也很高兴，但他的神情却很古怪。 Angus was also pleased, but his expression was odd.
药师知道安戈洛的身体情况，表情也很奇妙。 The medicine man knew Angolo's physical condition, and his expression was also wonderful.
“没想到效果会这么好，我以为安戈洛的身体就是顽固体质，任是什么改善资质的天材地宝都没用。”药师呢喃。
"I didn't expect the effect to be so good, I thought that Angolo's body was stubborn, and it was useless to improve any natural material and earth treasure to improve qualifications." The pharmacist muttered.
安格斯原地走了两步，“阿澜，麻烦你再给小安做一次详细检查，我怀疑……”
Angus took two steps in place, "Ah Lan, please give Xiao An another detailed examination, I suspect ......"
“你怀疑他身体中某个锁住他资质提升的顽固枷锁打开了？”阿澜药师接口。
"Do you suspect that some stubborn shackle in his body that held him to his qualifications was opened?" Alan Pharmacist Interface.
安格斯眼带期望地望向药师。 Angus looked at the pharmacist expectantly.
阿澜药师当即就让安戈洛躺下，手掌按住他的头，精神力隐而不发：“凝神，静心，不要抵抗我的精神力。”
Alan Pharmacist immediately asked Angolo to lie down, pressed his head with his palm, and his spiritual power was hidden: "Concentrate, meditate, don't resist my spiritual power." ”
安戈洛信任阿澜药师，抹掉眼泪，放松身体，很快就闭上眼睛。
Angolo trusted Alan Yakushi, wiped away her tears, relaxed her body, and quickly closed her eyes.
经过一番繁琐的检查，阿澜药师得出最终结果：“没错，小安的资质枷锁打开了，应该是跟他排出的那些杂质有关。小安吃的青菜我没见到，但他吃的那种调味料，一定有软化顽固杂质并祛除的功能。”
After some tedious inspection, Pharmacist Ah Lan came up with the final result: "That's right, Xiao An's qualification shackles have been opened, which should be related to the impurities he discharged." I haven't seen the greens that Xiao An eats, but the kind of seasoning he eats must have the function of softening stubborn impurities and removing them. ”
“那让他吃多一点？” "So let him eat more?"
“可以试试。那调味料真的很温和，而且伴随食物一起吃，刺激性也小，对小安很安全。如果不放心，我们可以不用一次性全都吃下，就分次数，一次放一点。”
"You can try. The seasoning is really mild, and when eaten with food, it is less irritating, and it is very safe for Xiao An. If you don't feel at ease, we don't have to eat it all at once, just divide it up and put a little at a time. ”
安格斯当即就做了魔法食物，他不是魔食师，但简单的魔法食物还是能做出来的。
Angus immediately made magic food, he is not a magic eater, but simple magic food can still be made.
安格斯会长给孙子做的也是蔬菜浓汤，再放入他孙子买的调味料。
President Angus also made vegetable soup for his grandson, and added the seasoning that his grandson bought.
安戈洛一闻那香味就饿得受不了，扑上去就拼命喝。 Angolo was so hungry that she couldn't stand the smell of it, and she threw herself on it and drank it desperately.
两个大人一起盯着他喝汤。 The two adults stared at him and drank soup together.
安戈洛把整整一锅蔬菜汤喝完，摸摸肚子，刚觉得有点饱了，忽然就觉得肚子有点疼。
Angolo drank the whole pot of vegetable soup, touched his stomach, and just felt a little full, and suddenly felt a little pain in his stomach.
等安戈洛跑了一趟厕所回来，他又饿了。 When Angolo came back from a trip to the toilet, he was hungry again.
就这么反反复复，安戈洛足足吃了十锅蔬菜浓汤，也把他从王叶那里买来的调味料全部用完。
Over and over again, Angolo ate ten pots of vegetable soup and used up all the seasonings he had bought from Wang Ye.
而安戈洛不止会上厕所拉稀，他身上也又冒出那种黄黑色带着奇异臭味的油污。
And Angolo not only went to the toilet to diarrhea, but also had that yellow-black oil stain with a strange smell on his body.
安戈洛还嘀咕，说他昨晚吃自己做的蔬菜羹就没拉肚子。
Angolo also muttered, saying that he didn't have diarrhea after eating the vegetable soup he made last night.
“那青菜大概也有不凡的作用，很可能能和那调味料配合起来，一个祛除杂质，一个调养。现在换了其他食物，调养的作用就没有了。也许你做的蔬菜浓汤也是杂质，这才会被小安拉出来。”阿澜药师推测。
"That green vegetable probably also has an extraordinary effect, and it is likely to be able to cooperate with the seasoning, one to remove impurities, and the other to recuperate. Now that I have changed to other foods, the effect of recuperation is gone. Maybe the vegetable soup you made is also impurities, which will be pulled out by Little All. Ah Lan pharmacist speculated.
安格斯会长一听这话不由后悔，他应该先让孙子去买菜回来，再配合那调味料一起吃，但事已至此也没办法了。
When President Angus heard this, he couldn't help but regret that he should have asked his grandson to go grocery shopping and come back first, and then eat it with the seasoning, but there was nothing he could do about it.
好在小安也就是跑跑肚，精神头看着还不错。 Fortunately, Xiao An is running on his stomach, and his spirit looks good.
但……孙子真的太臭了，安格斯就是亲爷爷也受不了这味，忙把安戈洛赶去洗澡。
But...... The grandson was really smelly, and Angus couldn't stand the smell even if he was his own grandfather, so he hurriedly drove Angolo to take a bath.
安戈洛洗了半个小时才出来，出来时，少年只觉得浑身轻松。
Angolo washed for half an hour before coming out, and when he came out, the boy only felt relaxed.
“来，再测一次资质。”安格斯把孙子拎到了测试水晶球前。
"Here, let's test the qualifications again." Angus carried his grandson to the crystal ball to test.
安戈洛忽然生出了无限信心，伸出了手。 Angolo suddenly felt infinite confidence and stretched out his hand.
四级低品！ Fourth-level low-grade!
提升不高，但这可是突破了原先的等级。 The increase is not high, but this is a breakthrough from the original level.
再想想安戈洛以前吃多少好东西都没任何用处，再看他现在的提升，就知道有多么宝贵了。
Thinking about how many good things Angolo ate before, it was useless, and looking at his current ascension, you can see how precious it is.
安格斯会长一把抓住孙子的手腕，“走！” President Angus grabbed his grandson's wrist and said, "Go!" ”
“爷爷，去哪里啊？”安戈洛还沉浸在资质提高的兴奋中，整个人都晕乎乎的。
"Grandpa, where are you going?" Angolo was still immersed in the excitement of improving his qualifications, and his whole person was dizzy.
安格斯会长瞪孙子：“蠢货！当然是去买你说的蔬菜和调味料，这次能买多少就买多少！我和你一起去。”
President Angus glared at his grandson: "Fool! Of course, I went to buy the vegetables and seasonings you mentioned, and I bought as much as I could this time! I'll go with you. ”
“等等，你去就太夸张了。你也不想想你的身份。”阿澜药师连忙拦住安格斯会长，“让小安自己去买吧。都是学生，反而好说话。你去了，我就怕引出对方身后的师长，到时候说不定能买到的也买不到了。”
"Wait, it's too much of an exaggeration for you to go. You also don't want to think about who you are. Pharmacist Ah Lan hurriedly stopped President Angus, "Let Xiao An buy it himself." They are all students, but they are easy to talk to. If you go, I'm afraid of drawing out the division commander behind the other party, and maybe I won't be able to buy what I can buy at that time. ”
安格斯反应迅速：“你是说……那学生摊主很可能不知道自己卖的东西有多好？”
Angus reacted quickly: "You mean...... That student stall owner probably doesn't know how good what he's selling? ”
“如果不是这样，你觉得小安能花一百枚一级魔晶就买来这么多？而且小安不是说那摊主昨天还搞特价优惠，一碗面才卖一个银币。”
"If that's not the case, do you think Xiao An can buy so much for a hundred first-grade magic crystals? And Xiao An didn't say that the stall owner also had a special offer yesterday, and a bowl of noodles only sold for a silver coin. ”
“一个银币……真是！”安格斯咽下了败家子三个字，毕竟对方败家，占便宜的是他孙子。
"A silver coin...... Is! Angus swallowed the three words of the loser, after all, the other party was a loser, and it was his grandson who took advantage.
“你说得对，可能是那小孩得到了什么天材地宝，但他不识货，可能还以为不值钱，就随便拿出来卖。如果我去了，反而提醒对方。”安格斯拍拍孙子的头，拿出一个储物环塞给他：“拿着，去买吧，能买多少买多少，不用省钱。”
"You're right, it may be that the kid got some natural treasure, but he doesn't know the goods, and he probably thinks it's worthless, so he just takes it out and sells it. If I went, I reminded the other person instead. Angus patted his grandson on the head and took out a storage ring plug for him: "Take it, go buy it, buy as much as you can, don't save money." ”
安戈洛兴奋连声道好，抓着储物环撒腿就跑。 Angolo said hello excitedly, grabbed the storage ring and ran away.
“一定要多买点！能全买回来最好！”安格斯会长不放心地喊。
"Be sure to buy more! It's best to be able to buy them all! President Angus shouted uneasy.
“知道啦，爷爷~”安戈洛已经跑没影了。 "Got it, grandpa~" Angolo has run away.
这时，安格斯会长和阿澜药师大概是太高兴了，就忘了一件很重要的事。
At this time, President Angus and Pharmacist Alan were probably so happy that they forgot something very important.
那就是昨天吃过蓝星小面的可不止安戈洛一个人。 That is, Angolo is not the only one who ate Blue Star noodles yesterday.
安戈洛操纵魔板一路狂奔到各校临时驻扎区，找到了那条摆摊小街。
Angolo manipulated the magic board and ran all the way to the temporary quarters of the schools, and found the street where the stalls were set up.
等等！为什么这里这么多人？ Wait a minute! Why are there so many people here?
“让让，麻烦让让，我要进去买东西。”安戈洛只好从魔板上下来，说着好话想要往前挤。
"Let's go, let's go in, I'm going to go in and buy something." Angolo had no choice but to get down from the magic board, saying good things and trying to squeeze forward.
“挤什么挤啊！没看大家都在排队吗？”前面的人又把安戈洛推回去。
"What a squeeze! Didn't you see everyone in line? The man in front pushed Angolo back again.
安戈洛目瞪口呆：“排队？排什么队？” Angolo was dumbfounded: "Queue? What's in line? ”
“你是来吃蓝星小面的吧？”排在前面的兽人少年扭头问。
"You're here to eat Blue Star noodles, right?" The orc boy at the front of the line turned his head and asked.
安戈洛傻傻点头。 Angolo nodded stupidly.
兽人少年：“那就对了，这条队全是来吃蓝星小面的，乖乖排着吧。”
Orc boy: "That's right, this team is all here to eat Blue Star noodles, let's line up obediently." ”
安戈洛看着前方黑压压的人头，张大嘴：“这要排到什么时候？”
Angolo looked at the black head in front of him and opened his mouth wide: "When is this going to be queued?" ”
安戈洛突然就慌了，如果排到他之前，那小摊主已经把他的调味料和青菜都卖光了怎么办？
Angolo suddenly panicked, what if the stall owner had already sold out of his seasonings and vegetables before he was in line?
安戈洛一摸储物环，脑子一热，立刻跳起来大喊：“我加价！五枚一级魔晶一碗面！”
As soon as Angolo touched the storage ring, his brain was hot, and he immediately jumped up and shouted: "I'll increase the price!" Five first-class magic crystals in a bowl of noodles! ”
前面排队的人唰地一起回头。 The people in the queue in front of them turned back together.
“喂，你别太过分啊！”有人气恼地喊。 "Hey, don't go too far!" Someone shouted angrily.
安戈洛才不管这些人怎么看他，索性操纵魔板飞起来，他也不敢飞到前面，就不停挥手试图引起那一大一小两个摊主的注意，并不住大喊他愿意加价买。
Angolo didn't care what these people thought of him, he simply manipulated the magic board to fly, and he didn't dare to fly to the front, so he kept waving his hand to try to attract the attention of the two stall owners, one big and one small, and kept shouting that he was willing to buy it at a higher price.
王叶听到了，抬头一看：哟，这不是昨天那个傻大款吗？
Wang Ye heard it and looked up: Yo, isn't this the stupid big money yesterday?
王叶眼珠一转，老实说他没想到这卖泡面的生意竟然这么火爆，中午他们一出摊就被人围住了，因为面条不够，他都开始下粉丝了。
Wang Ye's eyes rolled, to be honest, he didn't expect this instant noodle business to be so hot, as soon as they came out of the stall at noon, they were surrounded by people, because there were not enough noodles, he began to make fans.
哪怕他连续两次提价，都卖到两枚金币一碗面，排队的人也不见少，反而人越来越多。
Even if he raised the price twice in a row, he sold two gold coins and a bowl of noodles, and there were not fewer people in line, but more and more people.
“木木，差不多了，优惠可以结束了。想赚钱，就不能走平价路线。”王叶道。
"Mumu, it's almost over, the offer can be over. If you want to make money, you can't go the parity route. Wang Ye said.
雷木：你今天加了两次价，还是优惠？ Raimu: You increased the price twice today, or is it a discount?
王叶：我说是优惠就是优惠。 Wang Ye: When I say it's a discount, it's a discount.
金宝儿激动地蹦跶：“爸叽！”涨价涨价！ Jin Bao'er jumped excitedly: "Dad! "Price increase, price increase!
雷木笑：“你觉得能涨你就涨。” Lei Mu smiled: "If you think you can go up, you can go up." ”
得到雷木支持的王小叶立马操纵魔板飞起来，掏出一个喇叭，大声喊道：“诸位，本面摊优惠酬宾活动到此结束，从现在开始，一份蓝星小面或一份蓝星粉丝，售价都是一枚一级魔晶一份。心急的朋友可以买了材料，自己带回去做。想要购买三份以上并急着想要的朋友，请另外出价，买的越多，价格越高。”
Wang Xiaoye, who was supported by Lei Mu, immediately manipulated the magic board to fly, took out a loudspeaker, and shouted loudly: "Everyone, this is the end of the preferential reward activity of this noodle stall, from now on, a Blue Star small noodles or a Blue Star fan will be sold for one first-class magic crystal." Friends who are anxious can buy materials and take them home to make themselves. If you want to buy more than three copies and are in a hurry to want it, please make another bid, and the more you buy, the higher the price. ”
“请注意，本面摊只卖今天半下午，一共就一千份材料，卖完即止！”
"Please note that the noodle stall is only selling this half of the afternoon, a total of 1,000 materials, while supplies last!"
“来来来，重新排队啦，购买三份以下并且想吃现煮面的朋友，请排在中间。想要买材料带回去的，请排右边。想要急购和多购的朋友请排到左边。”
排队的人骂声一片，有人不明情况只是看这边热闹才排进来，听到王叶报价，这些人全都愤而离开。
而昨天吃过面条的人却没有几个离开，而是火速分成了左右两条队伍。
However, few of the people who had eaten noodles yesterday left, but quickly divided into two teams, left and right.
还有些人看还有老多人没走，就也没走，但他们又不想多买，就仍旧排在中间。
There are also some people who see that there are still many people who have not left, so they have not left, but they don't want to buy more, so they are still in the middle.
安戈洛往左边队伍冲，仍旧没能排到第一个。 Angolo rushed to the left, but still couldn't get to the first place.
这世上有钱有眼光的可不止他一个。 He is not the only one who has money and vision in this world.
“老靳啊，需要你的时候到了。”王叶把靳蜘蛛给请了出来。
"Lao Jin, the time has come to need you." Wang Ye invited Jin Spider out.
靳蜘蛛：“……你想让我做什么？” Jin Spider: "...... What do you want me to do? ”
王叶：“当然是给人下面条和下粉丝啊，你在里面看了这么久，应该已经看会了吧？”
Wang Ye: "Of course it's to give people noodles and fans, you've been watching it for so long, you should have seen it, right?" ”
靳蜘蛛不可思议道：“你让我帮你下面条？” Jin Spider said incredulously: "You let me help you make a strip?" ”
疯药王在虫巢里捶地疯狂大笑。 The Mad Medicine King pounded the ground in the hive and laughed maniacally.
王叶插腰，超级理直气壮地道：“你忘了你和我的契约了吗？难道这点小事你都做不到？之前在那个破地方，你半点忙都帮不上，现在出来了，你也没有忌惮的人了，你还打算继续怠职吗？”
Wang Ye thrust his waist and said super confidently: "Have you forgotten your contract with me?" Can't you do this little thing? Before, in that place, you couldn't help at all, but now that you're out, you don't have anyone to fear, do you plan to continue to neglect your duties? ”
靳蜘蛛：“你让我堂堂……” Jin Spider: "You make me ...... dignified"
“堂堂蜘蛛！你现在就是一只蜘蛛，有八只脚，下面条特别方便的那种魔器。”王叶飞速打断靳蜘蛛的话，“我就问你，这要求违反我们的契约吗？”
"Dignified spider! You're now a spider with eight legs, and you're a handy kind of magic weapon underneath. Wang Ye quickly interrupted Jin Spider's words, "Let me ask you, does this require a violation of our contract?" ”
靳蜘蛛：“……” Jin Spider: "......"
王叶大胆地摸摸靳蜘蛛的腿，权做安抚，又软下声音道：“你可不止是在帮我下面条，你也是在保护我们，帮我们掠阵。你想啊，我们生意这么火爆，肯定会有人看着眼馋，要是有人找我们麻烦怎么办？我和雷木都好弱小，就需要你这样的强大存在保护啊~”
Wang Ye boldly touched Jin Spider's leg, reassured, and said in a soft voice: "You are not only helping me to make noodles, you are also protecting us and helping us sweep the formation." Do you think, our business is so hot, there will definitely be people who look greedy, what if someone makes trouble with us? Lei Mu and I are so weak, we need the protection of a powerful existence like you~"
靳蜘蛛：“你把话都说完了，我还能说什么？” Jin Spider: "You're done talking, what else can I say?" ”
王小爷一挥手：“你什么都不用说，只要做就好了！” Wang Xiaoye waved his hand: "You don't have to say anything, just do it!" ”
靳蜘蛛一气之下，把玲珑的小身体一下膨胀到了磨盘大。
In a fit of anger, Jin Spider swelled his delicate little body to the size of a grinding plate.
金宝儿羡慕地叫：“皮卡叽~”他也好想变大。 Jin Baoer called enviously: "Pickup~" He really wants to get bigger.
于是排队买面条的众学生就看到一只不像是活物却比活物还灵活的青色大蜘蛛挥舞着八只长腿，速度飞快地煮起面条和粉丝。
As a result, the students who lined up to buy noodles saw a large cyan spider that did not look like a living creature but was more agile than a living creature waving its eight long legs, and quickly cooked noodles and vermicelli.
这青色大蜘蛛还会使用魔力，几十口锅，它操纵起来轻轻松松。
This big cyan spider can also use magic power, dozens of pots, and it can be easily manipulated.
躲在暗中观察的大佬们…… The bigwigs who are hiding in the shadows to observe......
“我天！那是几级的魔器？我怎么看不出来？”这是一位八级的炼金师。
"Oh my God! What level of magic weapon is that? Why can't I see it? "This is an eighth-level alchemist.
“我说陨星的，你们也太舍得了吧？竟然给这么一个毛孩子配上这样级别的守护傀儡？”
"I said meteorite, you're too reluctant, aren't you? How could such a hairy child be equipped with such a level of guardian puppet? ”
“这孩子什么身份啊？” "What is the identity of this child?"
“我现在就想知道这孩子拿出来的东西，你们陨星知道吗？”
"I'm going to want to know what this kid brought out right now, do you know about the meteorites?"
“你们陨星还真是舍得，就这么让这小孩子把宝贝当土疙瘩瞎卖。”
"You meteors are really willing to let this kid sell the treasure as a lump of dirt."
“呵呵，也许陨星这次是想造福大众？” "Hehe, maybe the meteorite wants to benefit the public this time?"
终于，陨星的大佬开口了：“那小兔崽子什么身份都不是，就是我们学校的宝贝蛋而已。你们别看他小，他可是我们学校好几个老怪物的心头肉。至于他拿出来的东西，九成是那几个老怪物给他的。学生自己的东西，他要怎么处置，我们学校不会过问。但……要是有人眼皮子太浅，我想诸位都知道我们陨星的最大特点是什么。”
Finally, the big guy of the falling star spoke: "That little rabbit cub is not a child of any identity, just the baby egg of our school." Don't look at him small, he's the heart and soul of several old monsters in our school. As for the things he took out, ninety percent of them were given to him by those old monsters. What to do with the student's own things, our school will not ask. But...... If anyone is too shallow-eyed, I think you all know what the biggest feature of our meteorite is. ”
陨星的最大特点是什么？ What is the best feature of a meteorite?
众大佬脑中一转，反应过来了，陨星在外的最大特点不就是护短吗？
The big guys turned their brains and reacted, isn't the biggest feature of meteorites outside is to protect their shorts?
行吧，大家也没想要对一个小毛孩子下手，虽然那孩子拿出来的东西有点出乎意料，但大佬们见得好东西多了，也不至于贪小孩子的东西。
Okay, everyone didn't want to start with a little hairy child, although the things that the child took out were a little unexpected, but the big guys saw a lot of good things, and they didn't want to be greedy for children's things.
而且人小孩也没独吞，不但拿出来分享给众人，要的价格还那么低。
And the children didn't take it alone, not only did they take it out and share it with everyone, but the price was so low.
以他们的见识，都认为小孩哪怕是现在报的价都有些吃亏。
Based on their knowledge, they all think that the child will suffer a little even if the price quoted now is a little disadvantageous.
那孩子也聪明，在驻扎区里摆摊，身后就有长辈们盯着，做什么都不用害怕。
The kid was also smart, setting up a stall in the garrison area, with the elders staring at him, and he didn't have to be afraid to do anything.
“是个好孩子，他煮的面条很好吃，我们学校这次来比试的学生吃过了都说好。”
"He's a good boy, the noodles he cooked are delicious, and the students from our school who came to the competition this time have eaten them and said they are good."
“你不会也偷偷弄了一份吃了吧？” "You're not going to sneak a bite to eat too, are you?"
“呵，你就没吃？” "Heh, you didn't eat?"
几道低低的笑声响起。 A few low laughs rang out.
这种事就不用撕开来谈了，当那些学生一个人打包好几份甚至几十份面条回去是只自己吃的吗？
There is no need to tear apart this kind of thing, when those students pack several or even dozens of noodles by themselves, do they eat it by themselves?
“哎呀，如果再有几个这么大方的孩子就好了？对了，这孩子是魔食专业的吧？他会参加这次魔食专业大比吗？我很好看他哦。”
"Heck, if only there were a few more children who are so generous? By the way, this kid is a demon food professional, right? Will he participate in this Devil Food Professional Competition? I look good at him. ”
陨星魔食专业大佬按住胸口，他心痛。他竟然没有早点发现这小子在魔食上的天赋！
The professional boss of the Falling Star Demon Food pressed his chest, and his heart ached. He hadn't discovered this kid's talent in demon food earlier!
“这孩子这么小，真不是跟过来见世面的？” "This kid is so young, didn't he really come to see the world?"
“他旁边那个大的，我瞧着似乎很不凡，而且……有点眼熟。”
"The big one next to him, I look at it and it seems extraordinary, and...... Kind of familiar. ”
“咳，小的那个考哪个专业，到比试的时候，你们自然会知道。”陨星的带队人说道。并不想有人去深究自家学生的身份。
"Ahem, the little one will know which major to take, and when it comes to the competition, you will naturally know." Said the leader of the Meteorite. I don't want anyone to dig into the identity of their students.
话被岔开，大佬们嘻嘻哈哈地谈论起这次哪所学校有哪些比较令人瞩目的天才。
The conversation was diverted, and the bigwigs giggled and talked about which school had some of the more eye-catching geniuses this time.
其中被提起最多的就是撒奇尔。说他才十五岁就能非常稳定地制作出四级药剂云云。
Among them, the most mentioned is Thatcher. It is said that he is only fifteen years old, and he can make a fourth-level potion Yunyun very steadily.
陨星某几个知道自家内幕消息的大佬：四级，十五岁？呵！我们就不说话，看你们得意。
A few bigwigs who know their inside information about Meteorite: Level 4, fifteen years old? Scold! We will not speak, and we will see how proud you are.
还有人提起了闻笛，说有可靠消息，闻笛这次很可能会在大比中挑选出一名天才做自己的弟子。
Someone else mentioned Wen Di, saying that there is reliable information that Wen Di is likely to pick a genius to be his disciple in the big competition this time.
“闻笛眼光可高，如果他最后看中的不是双月的学生，而是其他学校的学生就有意思了。”
"Wen Di has a high vision, and it would be interesting if he didn't end up fanciing students from other schools, rather than students from other schools."
“他可以把那个学生带到双月。以前也不是没有过这种事。”
"He can take that student to Bimoon. It's not like this before. ”
是的，这种截胡的事发生的还不少，通常都是某校大佬看中某个参加大比的学生，如果那个学生还没有专门的指导教授，有七成可能会被勾跑。
Yes, there are many things that happen this kind of beard cutting, usually because a school boss takes a fancy to a student who participates in the big competition, and if that student does not have a special instructor, seventy percent of them may be hooked off.
大佬们纷纷举例，互相嘲笑了一番，也不知是哪位大佬先提起：“小孩子办的集市也挺热闹的，闲着也是闲着，我去逛逛。”
The bigwigs gave examples and laughed at each other, but I don't know which bigwig mentioned it first: "The children's market is also quite lively, and if you are idle, you will be idle, so I will go shopping." ”
“哈哈，我也去，正好我也想去吃碗面。” "Haha, I'll go too, I just want to eat a bowl of noodles too."
“走走走，一起去。” "Let's go, let's go."
剩下的大佬们一边骂那几个厚脸皮，一边也跟着蠢蠢欲动。
The rest of the bigwigs scolded those cheeky people while also following suit.
另一头，被人当做话题提起的闻笛教授现在心情很不好。
On the other hand, Professor Wen Di, who was brought up as a topic, is in a bad mood now.
他发现有人监视他，等他抓住监视他的东西后，竟发现那黑色小鸟不是鸟，而是一个人。
He noticed that someone was spying on him, and when he grabbed the thing that was spying on him, he realized that the little black bird was not a bird, but a person.
不过这个人的自我意识已经被摧毁，完全变成了傀儡。 However, the person's sense of self has been destroyed and he has become a puppet completely.
而且那人能变成小鸟，不是他有这个能力，而是被人炼制成了这副模样。
And that person can turn into a bird, not because he has this ability, but because he has been refined into this form.
这种手法他也不陌生，甚至他也会。 He is no stranger to this method, and even he will.
但就是因为他也会，他才知道这种把人活生生炼制成傀儡兽的手法有多么残忍。
But it was because he knew how cruel it was to refine people into puppet beasts.
看来当年果然不止有“无辜者”跑出来，长生会的高层应该也有人跑出来了。
It seems that not only "innocents" ran out back then, but there should also be people at the top of the Immortal Society.
闻笛脸色冷漠。 Wen Di's face was indifferent.
撒家，天才？ Sagar, genius?
撒家是有天才，但绝不是那个撒骑马！ Saga is a genius, but he is by no means the one who rides a horse!
用人炼制的傀儡兽，原本连庸才都算不上的小毒豺却一变成为绝世天才，要说撒家和长生会没有关系，他能把眼睛珠子挖出来。
The puppet beast refined by people, the little poison jackal who was not even a mediocre talent has become a peerless genius, if you want to say that the Sajia has nothing to do with the Immortal Society, he can gouge out the eye beads.
不过比起这些，最让他心冷的是校长也是好友布鲁的态度。
But compared to these, what made him feel the most chilling was the attitude of the headmaster and friend Blue.
他知道布鲁重权，更有扩张双月魔法学校领土的野心。但把主意打到他头上就有些过分了。
He knew that Blue was in power, and he had ambitions to expand the territory of the Twin Moon School of Magic. But it would be a bit too much to hit him with an idea.
撒奇尔那个人，他其实见过一次，那次可真是让他印象深刻。
Thatcher, he had actually met it once, and that time really impressed him.
那样一个小孩子，就算资质和天赋提升，他本身的性格也不会有任何改变。
Such a small child, even if his qualifications and talents are improved, his own personality will not change in any way.
他不信布鲁看不出撒奇尔本质是个怎样的人。 He didn't believe that Blue couldn't see what kind of person Thatcher was.
如果布鲁看出撒奇尔本质就是个眼高手低、狂妄自大、任性骄纵、自以为是且心狠手辣的毒豺，那么他想要笼络这个人也就不奇怪了。
If Blue saw that Thatcher was essentially a low-eyed, arrogant, arrogant, self-righteous, and ruthless jackal, then it would not be surprising that he wanted to woo this man.
这么一个人如果能成为隔壁帝国的下一代帝王，不说那个帝国会立刻完蛋，但也别想再对双月魔法学校形成威胁。
If such a person can become the next generation of emperors of the empire next door, not to mention that the empire will be destroyed immediately, but don't think about posing a threat to the Double Moon School of Magic.
而就他回来这一天看到听到的关于撒奇尔在学校的名望和声势，明显就是捧杀的路子。
And on the day he returned, what he saw and heard about Thatcher's reputation and prestige in the school was obviously the way to kill.
一般来说，学校得到一个天才学生，比起张扬，更恨不得藏起来，在必要时候再放出来给对手一击狠的，且打完就立刻再藏起来细心培养，让你想报复想毁掉这个天才学生都难。
Generally speaking, when the school gets a genius student, it is more eager to hide it than to publicize it, and then release it when necessary to give the opponent a hard blow, and hide it again immediately after the fight is done and cultivate it carefully, so that it is difficult for you to take revenge and destroy this genius student.
可撒奇尔的天才之名简直传扬得随便一个路人都知道的程度。
But the name of Thatcher's genius spread to the extent that any passer-by knew it.
如果这是在银月帝国，那不奇怪，可以认为是撒家在为撒奇尔继位而造势。
If this is in the Silvermoon Empire, it is not surprising that it can be assumed that Sajia is building momentum for Thatchir's succession.
但这里可是双月魔法学校！ But this is the Twin Moon School of Magic!
如果按照学校一贯的态度，我管你后台是谁，到了学校你就只是一名普通学生。顶多给你一些生活上的便利，其他的你就别多想了，想要在学校得到什么，全看学生个人能力。
If you follow the school's usual attitude, I don't care who you are backstage, and you will be just an ordinary student when you arrive at school. At most, you will be given some convenience in life, and you will not think much about the rest, what you want to get in school depends on the student's personal ability.
那么学校为何单对撒奇尔改变态度？ So why did the school change its attitude towards Thatcher alone?
这不是捧杀又是什么？ What is this not a killing?
他不反对布鲁搞这么一手，布鲁的阴险肮脏，他也不是才知道。能坐到这个位子的人，有几个纯善者？
He didn't object to Blue doing such a thing, and he didn't know about Blue's insidious and dirty. How many pure people can sit in this seat?
但布鲁为了不让撒奇尔怀疑，为了继续捧杀他，不惜把他这个好友也给推出去“牺牲”，就有些过分了。
But in order not to make Thatcher suspicious, in order to continue to kill him, Blue did not hesitate to push his friend out to "sacrifice", which is a bit excessive.
甚至，闻笛怀疑布鲁死活要把撒奇尔塞给他，明知他厌恶对方也要塞，会不会就是想让他暗中动手废了撒奇尔。
Even, Wen Di suspected that Blue was going to give him Thatcher, knowing that he hated the other party and wanted to plug it, could it be that he wanted him to secretly abolish Thatcher.
而他确实有能力一点点毁掉一个人的资质和天赋，甚至能一点点毁掉对方的魔力源和精神核，却让对方一无所觉。
And he does have the ability to destroy a person's qualifications and talents little by little, and even destroy the other party's magic source and spiritual core little by little, but let the other party not realize anything.
但他厌恶撒奇尔归厌恶，他却不想用这种阴险的手段去对付一个少年，尤其那个少年还将顶着他弟子的名义。
But he hated Thatcher, but he didn't want to use such insidious means against a young man, especially if that young man would be in the name of his disciple.
现在布鲁显然是为了自己的野心，为了提前摧毁未来的对手，想要牺牲他这个好友。
Now Blue obviously wants to sacrifice his friend for his own ambitions, in order to destroy his future opponent in advance.
他能不心寒吗？ Can he not be chilled?
早知就不回来了。 I wouldn't have come back.
他不认为布鲁做错，但他和布鲁的交情也远远没到他可以为了对方的野心牺牲自己的程度。
He didn't think Blue was wrong, but his friendship with Blue was nowhere near the point where he could sacrifice himself for the other party's ambitions.
闻笛起身。他想，如果双月的校长这次换届也不换人的话，他也该辞职了。
Wen Di got up. He thought that if the principal of Biyue did not change this time, he should also resign.
看破好友打算而导致心情不爽的闻笛决定去各校临时驻扎区散散心，每年不管大比在哪里召开，驻扎区都会有学生自发的野市集形成。
Seeing through his friend's plan and causing him to be unhappy, Wen Di decided to go to the temporary stationing area of each school to relax, no matter where Dabi is held every year, there will be a spontaneous wild market formed by students in the stationing area.
有些学生不识货，偶尔就会有珍品在那个市集中出现。 Some students are illiterate, and occasionally there will be treasures in that market.
就算不能捡漏，去见见那些朝气蓬勃或精灵古怪或单纯憨厚的孩子们，洗洗眼睛和心灵也好。
Even if you can't pick up the slack, you can meet the children who are energetic or elves or simple and honest, and wash your eyes and hearts.
闻笛也没改变容貌，就这么溜达过去了。反正他四五年都没回学校，现在的学生八成都不认识他，外校学生更不可能认识他了。
Wen Di didn't change his appearance, so he just walked over. Anyway, he hasn't been back to school for four or five years, and eighty percent of the current students don't know him, and it's even more impossible for students from other schools to know him.
至于跟队来的各校教授是否能认出他，那不重要。 As for whether the professors from the various schools who came with him could recognize him, it didn't matter.
去学生市集里闲逛（散心想捡漏）的教授绝不止他一个，没人会不识相的在那种地方叫破对方的身份。
He is not the only professor who wanders around the student market (trying to pick up leaks), and no one will reveal the identity of the other party in that kind of place without knowing each other.
集市面摊。 Market stalls.
安戈洛是个老实孩子，王小叶几句话一问，他就把什么都说了。
Angolo is an honest child, and as soon as Wang Xiaoye asks a few words, he will say everything.
主要是东西是人摊主的，安戈洛觉得不应该瞒着对方，就该让对方知道他要卖的东西有多珍贵，如果摊主提价，大家就可以拼财力了嘛，哇哈哈~！
The main thing is that the stall owner belongs to the stall owner, Angolo feels that he shouldn't hide it from the other party, he should let the other party know how precious the things he wants to sell are, if the stall owner raises the price, everyone can fight for financial resources, wahaha~!
王叶拍着安戈洛的肩膀，感叹：“好兄弟，你一看就是个明白人。”
Wang Ye patted Angolo on the shoulder and sighed: "Good brother, you are an understanding person at first glance. ”
安戈洛因为资质的事有些自卑，他最喜欢听别人夸奖他，见小摊主一脸赞扬的表情，他就高兴。
Angolo has a low self-esteem because of his qualifications, and he likes to hear others praise him the most, and he is happy to see the praise on the face of the stall owner.
“那你能多卖我一些吗？我可以出高价！” "Can you sell me more, then? I can offer a high price! ”
王叶眯了眯眼睛，压低声音道：“其实我有更好也更适合你的东西，要不是看在兄弟你是个实在人的份上，我绝不会拿出来。”
Wang Ye narrowed his eyes and said in a low voice: "Actually, I have something better and more suitable for you, if it weren't for the fact that you are a real person, brother, I would never take it out." ”
安戈洛激动了，同样压低声音问：“是什么？效果比调味料和蔬菜更好吗？”
Angolo was excited, and also lowered his voice and asked, "What is it?" Does it work better than seasonings and vegetables? ”
“何止更好？如果说那两样加起来的作用是一，那我下面要卖给你的东西作用就是一百，可能还高一些。四级药剂哦，无垢洗髓液，可直接服用，也可以用来泡澡，功效嘛，排除杂质、提升资质，至于能提升多少，全看个人，资质越低，效果越好。”
"Isn't it better? If the sum of those two things is one, then the effect of what I am going to sell you below is a hundred, which may be higher. Fourth-level medicine, the non-scale marrow washing liquid, can be taken directly, can also be used to take a bath, the efficacy, eliminate impurities, improve the qualification, as for how much can be improved, it all depends on the individual, the lower the qualification, the better the effect. ”
安戈洛要晕了，一把握住王叶的手，颤抖着道：“我买！多贵我都买，你就报个价吧。”
Angolo was about to faint, grabbed Wang Ye's hand, and said tremblingly: "I'll buy it!" I'll buy it as much as it is, so you can quote a price. ”
王叶竖起四根手指，他本来想说要四枚二级魔晶。 Wang Ye raised four fingers, he originally wanted to say that he wanted four second-level magic crystals.
结果安戈洛张口就道：“四级魔晶？四级魔晶买四级药剂，这个价确实很适合。我买了！”
As a result, Angolo opened his mouth and said, "Fourth-level magic crystal? Fourth-level magic crystals buy fourth-level elixirs, and this price is indeed very suitable. I bought it! ”
王叶立刻笑如太阳一般灿烂，小贪心鬼伸出贪婪的小爪子：“两枚四级魔晶，我这个药液谁用谁知道好处。”
Wang Ye immediately smiled as bright as the sun, and the little greedy ghost stretched out his greedy little claws: "Two fourth-level magic crystals, whoever uses my medicinal liquid knows the benefits." ”
“两枚就两枚！”安戈洛咬牙。 "Two is two!" Angolo gritted her teeth.
王叶拍拍安戈洛的肩膀：“你也不要觉得亏，等你用了我的药剂，你就知道好处了。这样吧，看在你爽快的份上，除了四级的无垢洗髓液，我再送你一瓶二级的培元药剂。先用洗髓液，再用培元药剂，记住了吗？”
Wang Ye patted Angolo on the shoulder: "Don't feel at a loss, when you use my potion, you will know the benefits." In this way, for your sake, in addition to the fourth-level Innocent Pulp Cleanser, I will give you another bottle of second-level Peiyuan Elixir. Use the marrow washing solution first, and then use the peiyuan medicine, remember? ”
安戈洛点头。 Angolo nodded.
交易完成，双方都皆大欢喜。 The deal was completed, and both parties were happy.
安戈洛怕夜长梦多，买到药剂就挤出人群往外跑。 Angolo was afraid of long nights and dreams, so when he bought the potion, he squeezed out of the crowd and ran out.
跑的时候都忘记使用魔板，急忙忙下又差点撞到人。 I forgot to use the magic board when I ran, and I almost hit someone in a hurry.
“小心！” "Be careful!"
安戈洛刹住脚步，抬头就见一名身材挺拔修长、气质如刀锋，脸上却带有一点玩世不恭笑意的成年人正看着他。
Angolo paused, and when he looked up, he saw a tall, slender adult with a razor-sharp temperament and a little cynical smile on his face looking at him.
“闻、闻笛教授！”安戈洛晕。 "Smell, smell Flute, Professor!" Angolo fainted.
第192章 师父啊~~~ Chapter 192: Master~~~
闻笛略惊讶：“你认识我？” Wen Di was slightly surprised: "You know me?" ”
“我在五年前见过您，在双月城的魔法师公会，我、我叫安戈洛。”安戈洛说话都结巴了。
"I met you five years ago, in the Mage Guild of Two Moon City, I—My name is Angolo." Angolo stammered.
“那时你才多大？你记性真好。”闻笛夸奖道。 "How old were you then? You have a good memory. Wen Di complimented.
安戈洛腼腆地笑：“我就是记忆力不错，否则就凭我的资质，也没办法考进我们学校。”
Angolo smiled shyly: "I just have a good memory, otherwise I wouldn't be able to get into our school with my qualifications." ”
“资质不是一切，记忆力好也是一个大优点。”闻笛随口安慰少年，用下巴指了指前方：“那边那么热闹，是发生了什么事吗？”
"Qualification is not everything, and good memory is also a big plus." Wen Di casually comforted the young man and pointed ahead with his chin: "It's so lively over there, is there something going on?" ”
安戈洛忙摇头：“不，没有发生什么事，那边就是在卖面条。”
Angolo hurriedly shook his head: "No, nothing happened, it's just selling noodles over there." ”
“卖面条？那面条有多好吃，竟然那么多人在排队？”闻笛失笑。
"Selling noodles? How delicious are the noodles, so many people are queuing? Wen Di laughed.
安戈洛左看看右看看，实在忍不住，就跟闻笛教授炫耀：“教授，我跟您说一个秘密，您可不要告诉别人啊。”
Angolo looked left and right, and couldn't help it, so he showed off to Professor Wendi: "Professor, I'll tell you a secret, don't tell anyone else." ”
闻笛好笑：“好，你说。” Wen Di laughed: "Okay, you say." ”
安戈洛贴近闻笛一步，小声道：“那家面摊的小摊主，他卖的不是面，是魔药啊！能提升资质的魔药哦，超级好的魔药，连我这种顽固体质都能提升，我爷爷都说这魔药厉害。”
Angolo took a step closer to Wen Di and whispered: "The stall owner of that noodle stall, he doesn't sell noodles, it's magic potions!" A potion that can improve qualifications, a super good potion, even a stubborn substance like mine can be improved, my grandfather said that this potion is powerful. ”
“是吗？”闻笛不在意地笑，以为小孩都爱夸大：“提升资质的药剂一向珍贵，那摊主有多少药剂，能卖给这么多人？”
"Really?" Wen Di smiled indifferently, thinking that children like to exaggerate: "The medicine to improve the qualification has always been precious, how many potions does the stall owner have and can sell it to so many people?" ”
“他也不是谁都卖药剂，主要还是卖面条，他把效果较低的药剂做成了调味料，但只要你能出得起价钱，就能买到更好的等级更高的药剂。”
"He doesn't sell potions for everyone, mainly noodles, and he makes seasonings from less effective potions, but as long as you can afford the price, you can buy better and higher grade potions."
“你确定你没有被人忽悠？”闻笛笑起来。这小家伙一看就钱多很好骗的样子。
"Are you sure you're not being fooled?" Wen Di laughed. This little guy looks like he has a lot of money and is easy to deceive.
安戈洛看闻笛不相信，不由急切起来，跺了跺脚，一狠心，从储物手镯中拿出他刚买的两瓶药剂。
Angolo couldn't help but be anxious when he saw Wen Di, stomped his feet, and with a ruthless heart, took out the two bottles of potion he had just bought from the storage bracelet.
“教授，我没骗您，您看，这就是那家小摊主卖给我的药剂。他说了，这药剂效果要比他做的调味料更好，好一百倍还不止。叫无垢洗髓液，达到四级了呢，才只要我两枚四级魔晶，他还送了我一瓶二级的培元药剂。”
"Professor, I didn't lie to you, you see, this is the potion that the stall owner sold me. He said that the potion was more than a hundred times better than the seasoning he made. It's called the Innocent Pulp Cleansing Liquid, and when it has reached the fourth level, it only costs me two fourth-level magic crystals, and he also gave me a bottle of second-level Peiyuan Elixir. ”
“无垢洗髓液？”闻笛愣了愣。这个配方名有点熟悉啊，好像他曾经也研究过？
"Cleanse the marrow?" Wen Di was stunned. The name of this recipe is a little familiar, as if he has studied it before?
“我能看看吗？放心，我不会……” "Can I take a look? Rest assured, I won't ......"
“当然！您看，随便看。”安戈洛真的是个太容易相信别人的傻孩子，他心里认定闻笛教授是好人，就把自己高价买来的药剂亲手放到了对方手中。
"Of course! Look, whatever you want. "Angolo is really a stupid boy who trusts others too easily, and he thinks that Professor Wendi is a good person, so he puts the potion he bought at a high price into the other party's hands.
闻笛接过药剂，打开闻了闻，又轻弹瓶身，瓶口浮起一滴药液。
Wendi took the potion, opened it and sniffed it, flicked the bottle again, and a drop of liquid medicine floated on the mouth of the bottle.
闻笛把那滴药液送入口中，细细品味。 Wen Di put the drop of liquid in his mouth and savored it.
瞬间，闻笛狭长的双眼微微睁大了点。 In an instant, Wen Di's narrow eyes widened slightly.
“很好。”闻笛重新给药剂施展了封印魔法，防止药剂效果流失，再把药剂瓶放到安戈洛手中，很郑重地道：“收好它，这药剂我都炼制不出来。”
"Good." Wen Di re-administered the potion and cast a sealing spell to prevent the loss of the potion's effect, and then put the potion bottle in Angolo's hand, and said solemnly: "Put it away, I can't refine this potion." ”
安戈洛张大嘴巴，不可置信。 Angolo opened his mouth wide in disbelief.
闻笛又检查了另一支培元药剂，这次他更惊讶，这应该是一种新型配方，而且效果应该会相当出色。
Wen Di checked another Pei Yuan potion, and this time he was even more surprised, this should be a new formula, and the effect should be quite good.
闻笛把培元药剂也重新封好，还给安戈洛，拍拍小少年的肩膀，“赶紧回去吧，早点服用，最好让你家大人看着。另外，如果我是你，第一瓶的无垢洗髓液会分开使用，一半用来药浴，一半用来服用，同时进行。当资质明显提升后的十二小时内，服下第二瓶的培元药剂。”
Wen Di also resealed the Peiyuan potion, returned it to Angolo, and patted the little boy on the shoulder, "Hurry up and go back, take it early, it's best for your family to watch." Also, if I were you, the first bottle of the Pure Pulp Lotion would be used separately, half for the medicinal bath and half for the take, all at the same time. Within 12 hours after the qualification was significantly improved, the second bottle of Peiyuan medicine was consumed. ”
“谢谢教授！太谢谢了，我知道了，我回去就用。”安戈洛激动无比。这可是闻笛教授亲自验证过、并亲口说好的药剂啊！
"Thank you, Professor! Thank you so much, I know, I'll use it when I go back. Angolo was thrilled. This is a medicine that Professor Wen Di personally verified and said in person!
周围已经有人在注意他们，安戈洛赶紧对闻笛教授行了个礼，操纵魔板就快速飞跑了。他后悔了，早知道会买到这么珍贵的药剂，他就应该喊他爷爷陪他一起来！
There were already people around who were paying attention to them, and Angolo hurriedly saluted Professor Wendi, manipulated the magic board and flew away. He regretted it, he knew that he would buy such a precious potion, he should have called his grandfather to come with him!
闻笛抬脚就朝面摊走去。他要看看这药剂到底是谁炼制出来的。
Wen Di raised his feet and walked towards the noodle stall. He wanted to see who had made it.
两支药剂的纯净度竟然都达到99%以上，无限接近于百分之百。
The purity of the two potions has reached more than 99%, which is infinitely close to 100%.
在这世上就没有哪种药剂可以达到百分之百纯净度的情况下，能达到99.9%的药剂，那都是稀罕货。就算是他来炼制，也得看运气。
There is no medicine in the world that can reach 100% purity, and it can reach 99.9% medicine, which is a rare commodity. Even if he comes to refine, it depends on luck.
最可贵的是，从他刚才品尝的那两滴药剂来看，竟感觉不到半点负面的、暴烈的能量，异常平和。
The most valuable thing was that judging from the two drops of potion he had just tasted, he didn't feel the slightest bit of negative and violent energy, and he was extremely peaceful.
而这才是最难得的。 And that's the rarest thing.
超凡者们坚信万物皆有灵，只是对灵的理解不一样。 The transcendents firmly believe that there is a spirit in all things, but they have a different understanding of the spirit.
可所有人都认定，不管是花草树木，还是虫鸟鱼兽，哪怕是矿石沙土，它们都有着自己的“意识”。
But everyone believes that whether it is flowers and trees, or insects, birds, fish and beasts, even ores and sand, they all have their own "consciousness".
当你把这些存在制作成药剂，哪怕只是其中一部分。就像有人断了你的手臂、挖掉你的心脏、放掉你的血一样，就问你会没有一点怨恨吗？
When you make these beings into potions, even if it's just a part of it. It's like someone who breaks your arm, gouges out your heart, and lets go of your blood, and asks you if you don't have a little resentment?
这种怨恨和不满，并不是关系近或者有契约关系就能解决，父母跟儿女索求他们身体的一部分，如果只是头发和指甲之类可以再生又不伤害身体的东西也就算了，可如果被要求的是血液、肢体、皮肤、器官、骨骼之类呢？哪个儿女会心甘情愿地不断奉献自己？
This kind of resentment and resentment is not something that can be resolved by being close or contractually related, and if parents and children ask for a part of their body, if it is only hair and nails that can be regenerated without harming the body, but what if it is blood, limbs, skin, organs, bones, etc., that are being claimed? What child would willingly and continually give of himself?
所以任何药剂炼制出来时，多多少少都会带有一些负面能量。
Therefore, when any elixir is refined, it will more or less carry some negative energy.
这些负面能量也被归类到杂质中，而且大多数不会深重影响到使用者。
These negative energies are also classified as impurities, and most of them do not affect the user deeply.
可等级和实力越高的超凡者越是明白，这种负面能量在自己体内积蓄多了以后，并不是一件好事。
But the higher the level and strength, the more the transcendent understands that it is not a good thing to accumulate this kind of negative energy in his body.
这些负面能量看不见摸不着，但实际上它们一直在影响着你。
These negative energies are invisible and intangible, but they are actually affecting you all the time.
它们会影响你的心情和性格，也有可能影响你的天赋和资质，甚至能影响你的运气。
They can affect your mood and personality, and they can also affect your talents and aptitudes, and even your luck.
所以像他们这种等级的超凡者都不愿服用纯净度在95%以下的药剂，除非迫不得已。
Therefore, transcendents of their rank are reluctant to take potions with a purity level of less than 95%, unless they are forced to do so.
故而小少年安戈洛买到的这两支药剂，虽然分别只有四级和二级，也能让他这个八级的药帅心动。
Therefore, the two potions that the little boy Angolo bought, although they were only level four and level two respectively, could also make him, an eighth-level medicine handsome, excited.
他服下那滴四级的无垢洗髓液就知道，这药剂恐怕对他也有效果，就算很低微，但达到他们这种程度的超凡者，本来就极少再有药物能提高他们的体质，哪怕能提高也是极少的一点点。
He took that drop of the fourth-level Innocent Pulp Cleansing Liquid, and he knew that this elixir might also have an effect on him, even if it was very low, but for those who reached their level, there were very few medicines that could improve their physique, and even if it could be improved, it was only a little bit.
所以这支四级的药剂光是能对他起到效用这一点，就足以炼制者自豪。
Therefore, the mere fact that this fourth-level elixir could have an effect on him was enough for the refiner to be proud of.
闻笛瞅了瞅三条队伍，见左边那条最短，就排了过去。 Wen Di glanced at the three lines, and saw that the one on the left was the shortest, so he lined up.
王叶正在和排在前面的客户谈价格。 Wang Ye is negotiating the price with the customer in front of the queue.
“大兄弟，不是你买的多，我就能越便宜，相反，你买得越多，别人就买不到了，那当然你要付高价。如果你不想付高价，我教你一个方法，你可以找一堆人来排中间那条队，每人买三份，这样算下来价钱最便宜。”
"Big brother, it's not that if you buy more, the cheaper I can be, on the contrary, the more you buy, the more others can't buy it, then of course you have to pay a high price. If you don't want to pay a high price, I'll show you a way to find a bunch of people in the middle of the line and buy three copies each, which is the cheapest way to calculate the price. ”
王叶一副认真为对方着想省钱的表情道。 Wang Ye said with an expression of earnestness to save money for the sake of the other party.
高高大大的兽人少年虎着脸道：“那太麻烦了，而且你不是说快卖完了吗？等我安排人去排队，结果你说卖完了怎么办？”
The tall orc boy said with a tiger face: "That's too troublesome, and didn't you say it's almost sold out?" What should I do if I arrange for someone to queue up, and you say it's sold out? ”
“所以你要么高价买。”王叶看兽人少年还在犹豫，插腰道：“兄弟，你不要光觉得价格贵啊。你应该换个角度想，你花高价是为了垄断、为了抢时间，等你把我的货都买走了，别人都买不到的时候，你就能体会这种‘别人都没有只有我独有’的爽感！”
"So you either buy it at a high price." Wang Ye saw that the orc boy was still hesitating, and said, "Brother, don't just think that the price is expensive. You should think about it from another angle, you spend a high price to monopolize, to grab time, and when you buy all my goods, and no one else can buy them, you can experience this kind of 'no one else has only me' coolness! ”
王叶看兽人少年动摇，再接再厉：“而且吃得越早、吃得越多，你就能比别人更快地表现更好。眼看马上就是大比，这时候哪怕就只是提高万分之一点，也很可能就是排上名次和排不上名次的差距，甚至是第一名和第二名的差距。现在你还觉得我的报价太贵吗？”
Wang Ye saw that the orc boy was shaken, and made persistent efforts: "And the earlier you eat and the more you eat, the faster you can perform better than others." Seeing that it is about to be a big competition, even if it is only a one-ten-thousandth increase at this time, it is likely to be the gap between the ranking and the non-ranking, or even the gap between the first and second places. Do you still think my offer is too expensive? ”
兽人少年垂眸思考片刻，抬起头：“好，就按照你报的价格，你还有多少我都要了！”
The orc boy lowered his eyes and thought for a moment, then raised his head: "Okay, according to the price you quoted, I want as many as you want!" ”
“干脆！果然不愧是我们兽人兄弟。”王叶竖起大拇指，迅速掏出一个箱子，打开：“喏，三百五十二份调味料，都在这里了。还要蔬菜吗？”
"Simply! Sure enough, it's our orc brothers. Wang Ye gave a thumbs up, quickly took out a box, and opened it: "Oh, three hundred and fifty-two seasonings are here." Do you still want vegetables? ”
兽人少年一狠心：“蔬菜也来三百棵！” The orc boy was ruthless: "There are also three hundred vegetables!" ”
“要得！这才是大人物的魄力。”王叶又麻利地拖出几个大箩筐。
"Yes! This is the courage of the big guys. Wang Ye quickly dragged out a few large baskets.
箩筐里装的都是小云在虫巢里面准备好的青菜和大白菜。
The basket was filled with greens and cabbage prepared by Xiaoyun in the worm nest.
“哎呀，怎么把白菜也放出来了。”王叶一副心疼的模样。
"Oops, how did you put the cabbage out." Wang Ye looked distressed.
兽人少年一看一棵大白菜竟然有那么大，顿时有种赚了的兴奋感，迅速按住篮子，急声道：“都说好了，东西也拿出来了，你可不能再拿回去。”
When the orc boy saw that a cabbage was so big, he suddenly felt a sense of excitement that he had earned, quickly pressed the basket, and said urgently: "It's all said, the things have been taken out, you can't take them back." ”
王叶嘀嘀咕咕，很是心不甘情不愿地数出一百棵大白菜给兽人少年。
Wang Ye muttered, and reluctantly counted out a hundred cabbages for the orc boy.
大白菜占地方，几个箩筐根本装不下。 Chinese cabbage occupies space, and a few baskets can't fit at all.
王叶越心疼，兽人少年越高兴。 The more distressed Wang Ye was, the happier the orc boy became.
等到银货两讫，兽人少年还抱了王叶一下，这才特别高兴地离开。
When the silver and goods were gone, the orc boy hugged Wang Ye, and then he left very happily.
王叶大声吼：“以后我去你们那里买东西要给我便宜啊！”
Wang Ye roared loudly: "In the future, I will go to your place to buy things and give me a cheap!" ”
兽人少年头也不回地挥挥手。 The orc boy waved his hand without looking back.
“下一个！”王叶跳到凳子上喊号。 "Next!" Wang Ye jumped onto the stool and shouted.
闻笛乐。他耳力多好呀，刚才王小叶和兽人少年的对话，他全听到耳朵里了。
Listen to the flute. How good his ears were, he heard the conversation between Wang Xiaoye and the orc boy just now.
要他说，那小家伙一看就一脸精明相，怎么可能做出拿大棵大白菜来代替青菜的傻事，明显是他就想给兽人少年优惠，或者就是青菜不够了，拿大白菜凑数。
If you want him to say, that little guy looks shrewd at a glance, how can he do a stupid thing of taking a big cabbage instead of greens, obviously he wants to give a discount to the orc boy, or maybe the greens are not enough, and he uses the cabbage to make up the number.
结果却让兽人少年一副自己占了大便宜的模样，还半点不觉得自己比正常价格高一倍买这么多是买亏了。
As a result, the orc boy looked like he had taken a big advantage, and he didn't feel that he was losing money by buying so much at twice the normal price.
排在兽人后面的大高个子往前走了几步，张嘴就嚷嚷：“喂，小摊主，你刚刚是不是把调味料都卖给兽人了？”
The tall man behind the orcs took a few steps forward, opened his mouth and shouted, "Hey, stall owner, did you just sell all the seasonings to the orcs?" ”
王叶：“还有蔬菜和成品药剂，不过药剂看缘分。” Wang Ye: "There are also vegetables and finished medicines, but the medicines depend on fate." ”
“什么叫看缘分？”大高个皱眉。 "What do you mean by fate?" The tall man frowned.
后面一个小个子嘿嘿道：“就是看你给的钱多不多，多就是有缘分，不多，当然就是没缘分了。”
The little man in the back said: "It just depends on how much money you give, more is fate, not much, of course, there is no fate." ”
王叶给了小个子一个赞扬的眼神：明白人啊！ Wang Ye gave the little man a praising look: Understand people!
闻笛看清王叶眼神，莞尔。 Wen Di saw Wang Ye's eyes clearly, and he was in charge.
大高个：“呵，原来是要看谁财力雄厚，行啊，哥别的没有，就魔晶多，只要你东西好，开价来！”
Big tall: "Oh, it turns out to see who has strong financial resources, okay, brother doesn't have anything else, just a lot of magic crystals, as long as your things are good, come with a price!" ”
王小叶激动得一挽袖子：哎呀，出现了，人傻钱多豪二代，决不能放过的优质客户。
Wang Xiaoye rolled up his sleeves excitedly: Oops, it has appeared, the second generation of people are stupid and rich, and they must not let go of high-quality customers.
大高个一靠近王小叶，后面排队的人跟上。 As soon as the tall man approached Wang Xiaoye, the people in line behind him followed.
这条队伍本来就短，人员一流动，再加上大高个和后面的人拉开距离，排在最后的闻笛就露出了脸。
This line was originally short, and as soon as the flow of personnel, coupled with the distance between the tall man and the people behind, Wen Di, who was at the end of the line, showed his face.
王叶站在凳子上，百米之内看得可清楚了。 Wang Ye stood on the stool and could see clearly within a hundred meters.
他一眼就看到了人群最后面那个人…… He could see the man at the back of the crowd at a glance......
“啊呀！”王叶大叫一声，手指着队伍最后方，满脑子都是闪电霹雳雷声震震。
"Ahh Wang Ye shouted, pointing to the back of the line, his mind full of lightning, thunderbolts, and thunder.
怎么可能？他师父怎么会在这时候出现在这里？ How can it be? How could his master be here at this time?
他这时候不是应该在十万大山的千眼山秘境中吗？ Shouldn't he be in the secret realm of the Thousand Eyes Mountain of the 100,000 Great Mountains at this time?
幻觉吗？ Hallucinations?
王叶用力揉眼睛。 Wang Ye rubbed his eyes vigorously.
“喂喂？”大高个挥手。
王叶完全无视了大高个，他现在眼中只有一个人。
闻笛的视线与小孩撞到一起。
大概是小孩那眼睛珠子都要瞪掉出来的小模样太可笑，闻笛忍不住对小孩笑了下。
“啊啊啊！师父~父~”王小叶的叫声颤出了波浪线。
闻笛：嗯？小孩在叫谁？
众人也转头看，小摊主的师父来了？
“师父啊！你什么时候生了这么大一个儿砸呀啊啊啊！”王叶捶胸顿足，满脸不可置信。
闻笛……下意识回头看了看，他以为小孩在冲着他身后某人喊。
王叶指着闻笛，声音颤抖：“别看了，你，就是你！说，你怎么敢伪装我师父？你是哪里来的妖精？啊啊啊，我肯定是幻觉了。木木，雷木，救命啊，有人对我下药了。”
闻笛：“……”这孩子莫非是个傻子？
排队众人：小摊主怎么了？
暗中观察和保护学生的各校大佬也把注意力投注到这边。
有大佬突然失声道：“闻笛？！”
“哎？那排队的成年人是闻笛？药帅闻笛？”
“就是他。”
“看起来好年轻。”
大佬们嘀嘀咕咕。
陨星的教授和领队们则互相对视，脸色都有点难看，他们可都听到了王小叶冲着闻笛喊师父那一幕。
小家伙难道真的中毒了？把闻笛教授看成虫老或兰道教授了？但生了一个大儿砸又是什么意思？
在右边队伍那边收钱卖货的雷木被王叶的叫声惊动，立刻来到王叶身边，一边问“谁对你下药”，一边顺着王叶的手指方向看过去。
这一看不得了，雷木惊讶道：“闻大哥？”
闻笛看到雷木第一眼时，只感到青年轮廓有点面熟，并没有认出他。但当雷木叫出“闻大哥”这个称呼，闻笛立刻就从雷木的声音和神情认出了他：“阿木？”
雷木笑，立刻就要走过去。
但闻笛先一步过来了，未语先笑，是看到熟人的亲切和熟稔：“好久不见！看样子你这段时间过得不错，我原本还在担心你。”
雷木也笑：“是的，我这段时间还不错。没想到会在这里遇到你。”
闻笛想问：我以为你还在银月帝国，你这是逃出来，还进了魔法学校？
但这里显然不是一个好说话的地方。
王小叶站在凳子上，左看看闻笛，右看看雷木。
两人像是这时才想起王叶，一起转头看他。
第193章 我没报名啊
王叶：“……”会心一击！完好的师父，完好的木木，此时闭眼，死可瞑目。
滚！他才不会死，他的养娃大业才刚刚展开，娃都没认齐呢。这辈子他一定会好好活下去，和大家一起。
雷木率先介绍：“闻大哥，这是小叶子，我认的小兄弟。”
闻笛对王小叶点头，看着小孩一会儿要哭一会儿又傻笑的神情，心下怪异又好笑，主动道：“小家伙，刚才你冲我喊什么呢？”
“师虎，你的白毛呢？”王叶喃喃。
闻笛：师父？白毛？
雷木也一脸震惊地看向王小叶：“小叶子，你喊闻大哥什么？”
王叶突然抬起手：“稍等，在我回答这个问题之前，”王叶又面向闻笛：“大哥你叫什么名字啊？”
闻笛总觉得小孩叫他大哥怪怪的，就好像……在故意占他便宜一样？
雷木轻咳：“小叶子，闻大哥的本名就叫闻笛。你还记得我跟你说过想要给你介绍一位药师吗，就是他。”
闻笛？好些排队的学生竖起了耳朵。
“……”王叶。
“……”还是王叶。
“师父啊啊啊！我终于见到你了！”确定自己真的没有做梦也没有产生幻觉的王叶猛地扑了过去。
然后就被闻笛师父提溜起来，又放回凳子上。
王叶：“……”我师父果然是我师父，瞧这抓我的手法多熟练，都不带练习的。
王叶抬起小脸蛋，冲着闻笛讨好地笑：“师~父~”
闻笛：“……你叫错人了。”
“哦，师虎，你头上的白毛呢？”王叶忍不住，又问了第二遍。
闻笛弹了弹小孩的额头，没好气地道：“我没白毛，如果你说的是白头发的话。我在你眼里看起来就那么老？还是你认错人了？”
认错人是不可能认错的。王叶捂着额头，忍不住瞄闻笛的脑袋：白毛啊，就那么没了……
其实他师父只看脸和现在真没多大区别，就眼角多了几条皱纹。要说最大区别就是那一头白发现在变成了青丝。谁想到老头只是换了一个发型，再换个颜色，立马从帅老头变成大帅哥了。
不过师父作为超凡者，如果他原本很年轻，或者能维持住年轻的表象，为什么只间隔了十年，就会头发全白还生出了鱼尾纹？
总觉得现在的师父好像要比上辈子他遇到的师父实力更强，应该不是他的错觉，他的精神力可比上辈子强大得多。
师父是在这十年中遇到了什么事导致实力下降，还损及了寿命吗？
对了，师父曾跟他轻描淡写地提过说他从千眼山秘境出来后遇到一点事，那么会不会就是这“一点事”造成师父突然衰老甚至寿命变短？
原本以为的两年秘境时间，算上师父已经进入的一年半，应该还有半年左右。
那么按时间算，这“一点事”会不会就发生在双月魔法学校，就在这场大比期间？
毕竟师父从来没有跟他提过双月魔法学校，为什么不提？
是不是这期间双月魔法学校发生了什么重大变故？
有人伤害了他师父？是谁？！
王叶心里陡然升起一股戾气，又强行压了下去。
闻笛被小孩那幽怨又古怪的眼神瞅得浑身发毛，这小孩看他的目光，就像看到几十年后的他，有点恐怖。
雷木也觉得小叶子的态度有点奇怪，拍拍他的小肩膀，说道：“小叶子，不要对闻大哥无礼。”
“闻大哥……”王叶一脸纠结：“木木啊，错辈分了。你不能叫我师父叫大哥，我不想叫你叔叔啊~”
雷木啼笑皆非，现在这个问题是重点吗？
闻笛被这个小逗比逗得不行，故意道：“这世上想喊我师父的人很多，但我可不是随便收徒弟的人。别乱喊，懂？”
王叶一脸纠结秒变成一脸幽怨：“师虎啊，想当年可是你追着喊着要收我为徒，我不肯，你一天揍我八顿啊！”
闻笛：“胡扯。”
没错，他是在胡扯，上辈子他可是求着这老头把他收下的。这老头还给他搞了一堆考验，把他折磨得欲仙欲死。
“师虎，你可不能始乱终弃。你一天当我师父，就一辈子是我师父，你赖是赖不掉哒！”王叶超级认真。
闻笛顿时手痒：“做梦！我什么时候收你为弟子了？”
王叶当即铿锵有力地道：“你就是在梦中收我为徒的，我有证据！”
闻笛拉紧嘴角，不拉紧他怕自己笑出来：“什么证据？”
“您爱我呀，爱得不得了！您现在看到我，是不是就特别手痒想揍我？您知道这是为什么吗？因为打是亲骂是爱，爱上心头用脚踹，您对我更是爱之深责之切，每天都想揍我十八遍！”王叶挺起小胸膛，无比自恋地道。
“噗！”闻笛实在忍不住，笑喷。
闻老大指着王小叶，转头就对雷木说：“哪儿找的活宝？”
雷木也忍俊不禁：“小叶子应该很喜欢你，否则他可不会这样。”
“闻笛教授？”队伍中有人弱弱地喊出来。
闻笛转头，对那边点点头，又转回来。
见闻笛教授承认了自己的身份，不少双月魔法学校的学生顿时议论纷纷。
“你们听到没有？那个陨星的小孩叫闻笛教授师父！”
“我听到了。但闻笛教授好像没承认吧？”
“可他们明显认识。你看闻笛教授冲着那小孩笑得多开心？”
“可我明明听说闻笛教授打算收撒奇尔为亲传弟子……”
“不是，我是听说闻笛教授说要收这次炼药专业大比第一名为徒。”
“嗐，不管是哪种，只要不是别的学校的学生就行，否则我得呕死。”
“我也是。那个陨星的小孩真不要脸，张口就喊师父。”
“就是。”
有人开始低头给同学和好友发消息，于是在王叶和闻笛都不知道的时候，一个陨星的小孩缠上双月学校的闻笛教授，死活要拜师的消息就这么传开了。
闻笛也听到了那些碎语，但他并不是很在意，他想收谁为弟子是他的自由，谁也管不着。而且他现在是来吃面条的，他这个目的还没达到。
对了，还有想知道那两瓶药剂的炼制者是谁。
“这边不是说话的地方，等会儿换个地方再说。我有点事问你。”闻笛低声对雷木道
雷木点头。
“来，小叶子，先给我下碗面，要多放肉！”闻笛扬起声音，走到摊子后面，在空着的简易桌边坐下。
“好嘞！师父。”王叶从凳子上跳下来，兴冲冲地亲自去给他闻笛师父下面条去了。
"Okay! Master. Wang Ye jumped down from the stool and went to listen to the master of the flute in person.
“师父，面条没了，粉丝可以吗？” "Master, the noodles are gone, can the fans be?"
“嗯，先来一碗。还有别叫我师父，我可没承认你。” "Well, let's start with a bowl. And don't call me Master, I didn't recognize you. ”
“哎哟，师父，我们什么关系，您还跟我客气什么？要给您打两个蛋吗？半熟？”
"Ouch, Master, what is our relationship, what are you still polite to me? Want to beat you two eggs? Medium-cooked? ”
闻笛挑眉，这是碰巧？ Wen Di raised eyebrows, which is a coincidence?
“口味要重点，对吧？” "Taste should be important, right?"
“嗯。” "Hmm."
刚遇到师父，王叶简直恨不得把所有好东西都捧到师父面前，更别说他师父只是想吃碗面。
When he first met his master, Wang Ye couldn't wait to bring all the good things to his master, not to mention that his master just wanted to eat a bowl of noodles.
至于别人怎么看他？呵，他孝敬他师父，关其他人屁事。会传闲话的也不过是妒忌他能这么接近他师父，而他们不敢也没那个能力。
As for what others think of him? Oh, he honors his master and cares about other people's. Those who gossip are only jealous that he can get so close to his master, and they don't dare or have the ability.
不是王叶自夸，如果他师父真的看他不顺眼，怎么会叫他小叶子，还让他亲手下粉丝给他吃。他叫他多少声师父了，也没说转身就走。
It's not that Wang Ye boasts, if his master really doesn't like him, how can he call him Xiao Yezi, and let his fans eat for him. He called him Master many times, and he didn't say anything about turning around and leaving.
他可是很了解他师父的狗脾气的！那真的是不高兴起来不会给任何人面子。
He knows his master's temper very well! That's really upset and won't give anyone face.
这就是他师父待他的不同！ That's how his master treated him differently!
他可以非常自信地说：他师父看他老顺眼了。 He can say with great confidence that his master is pleasing to his eyes.
上辈子，虽然是他求着他师父收下他这个弟子，但他师父绝对先“勾引”了他，否则他怎么会知道他师父很牛掰，非要缠着他拜师？
In his previous life, although he begged his master to accept him as a disciple, his master definitely "seduced" him first, otherwise how would he know that his master was very bullish and had to pester him to apprentice?
而且就凭他师父的能力，真不喜欢他，哪会容他缠着他，早一脚踹飞了好吗。
心里特别自豪的王小叶开心得哼起了歌：“咱老百姓今天真高兴~真呀么真高兴~”
Wang Xiaoye, who was very proud in his heart, hummed happily: "Our people are so happy today~Really happy~"
靳蜘蛛看着屁颠颠忙来忙去还特别快乐的王小叶，侧目。
金宝儿超级好奇：“爸叽？”那是师爷爷？ Jin Bao'er was super curious: "Dad? "That's Grandpa?
王叶肯定点头：“对，那是你师爷爷。” Wang Ye nodded affirmatively: "Yes, that's your grandfather." ”
金宝儿立刻用崇拜的目光看向闻笛。竟然是被小叶子爸爸亲口承认的师爷爷，看来这个才是正宫。
Jin Bao'er immediately looked at Wen Di with adoring eyes. It turned out to be the grandfather who was admitted by Xiao Yezi's father himself, it seems that this is the main palace.
虫巢内的疯妃……呸，疯药王抱臂满脸不爽地看着外面：这待遇、这态度，是不是差得有点大。
The mad concubine in the hive...... Phew, the mad medicine king looked out with his arms crossed his arms and looked out with an unhappy face: This treatment, this attitude, is it a bit different.
陨星学校的大佬们：该庆幸虫老和兰道教授这次都没来吗？否则看到这一幕，会气死吧？
Bigwigs of Meteorite School: Should you be glad that Worm Elder and Professor Landau didn't come this time? Otherwise, you will be angry when you see this scene, right?
有人忍不住提醒副校长乾明：“这看起来有点不妙啊，王小叶不会想跳到双月吧？”
Someone couldn't help but remind Vice Principal Qianming: "This looks a little bad, Wang Xiaoye won't want to jump to the double moon, right?" ”
跟王叶接触更多的乾副校长很肯定地摇头：“不可能。那孩子是有点让人头疼，也是个招惹麻烦的体质，但那小子有他的道德底线。”
Vice Principal Qian, who had more contact with Wang Ye, shook his head affirmatively: "Impossible." That kid is a bit of a headache and a troublesome physique, but that kid has his moral bottom line. ”
乾副校长想到王叶之前直接和间接帮助到的人，一顿道：“别看那小子一副刺头样，其实他的道德底线很高。他也许会因为种种原因转校，但绝不会在虫老和兰道教授都不知道也不同意的情况下，擅自转到其他学校。”
Vice President Qian thought of the people Wang Ye had helped directly and indirectly before, and said, "Don't look at that kid as a prick, in fact, his moral bottom line is very high. He may change schools for various reasons, but he will never transfer to another school without knowing or agreeing to it. ”
“那他怎么叫闻笛教授师父？还一副……恨不得倒贴的模样？”
"Then why does he call Professor Wendi Master? Also a pair of ...... Can't wait to post it upside down? ”
乾副校长皱眉，有点不爽这名工作人员的语气用词：“你，还有你们没看出来吗？闻笛教授明显认识王小叶的兄长雷木。也许王小叶早就和闻笛教授见过面，甚至被闻笛教过，你们别忘了他刚进校时就会炼制药剂。你们认为是谁教他的？”
Vice Principal Qian frowned, a little unhappy with the staff member's tone and words: "You, and you don't see it?" Professor Wen Di obviously knew Wang Xiaoye's brother Lei Mu. Maybe Wang Xiaoye has already met with Professor Wen Di, and was even taught by Wen Di, don't forget that he knew how to refine potions when he first entered the school. Who do you think taught him? ”
“但闻笛教授像是不认识他……” "But Professor Wendi doesn't seem to know him......"
“这有什么好奇怪的。这世界有多少魔法师不是跟着魔法书和传承水晶球学习？而又有多少写下传承的人见过自己的所有学生？”
"What's so strange about that. How many magicians in this world didn't learn from spellbooks and legacy crystal balls? And how many of the people who wrote down the lineage have seen all their students? ”
陨星众人恍然大悟：“这么说就能说通了。” Everyone in the meteorite suddenly realized: "It makes sense to say this." ”
乾副校长黑着脸：“还能有别的理由吗？记住，王小叶是我们学校的学生，如果我们学校都怀疑他，要他怎么自处？到时候别小孩没有跳槽的心，也被你们逼得转校了。”
Vice Principal Qian's face darkened: "Can there be any other reason?" Remember, Wang Xiaoye is a student of our school, if our school is suspicious of him, how do you want him to deal with himself? At that time, other children will not have the heart to change jobs, and they will be forced to change schools by you. ”
之前说话不好听的工作人员闹了个大红脸，他其实就是担心人才流失，对王小叶并没有坏心。现在副校长都把话说明白了，他当然不会再去怀疑王叶，更不可能去传王叶的坏话。
The staff who spoke badly before made a big red face, he was actually worried about the loss of talent, and he didn't have bad intentions towards Wang Xiaoye. Now that the vice principal has made it clear, of course he will no longer doubt Wang Ye, let alone pass on Wang Ye's bad words.
乾副校长敲打完所有人，心里到底还是有些慌，当即悄悄就给虫老和兰道教授分别去了一道联系。
After Vice President Qian beat everyone, he was still a little panicked in his heart, and immediately quietly contacted the worm old man and Professor Landau.
他相信王叶，但他不相信其他学校教授的道德人品，包括大名鼎鼎的药帅闻笛。现在也就是闻笛还没发现王小叶的优秀，等他发现了……
He believed in Wang Ye, but he didn't believe in the moral character of the professors in other schools, including the famous Yao Shuai Wendi. Now that Wen Di has not discovered Wang Xiaoye's excellence, when he finds out......
所以！他务必得提前把所有想要抢夺他们学校学生的邪恶苗头，全部在萌芽状态前就掐死！
So! He had to nip all the evil signs that wanted to rob the students of their school in the bud before they even nipt out!
面摊前。 In front of the noodle stall.
被遗忘的大高个：“喂，摊主，我，你忘了我了？” The big forgotten tall one: "Hey, stall owner, me, you forgot about me?" ”
王叶怎么可能忘得掉喊着自己别的没有就魔晶多的土豪，当即就对这位优质客户奉上大大的笑容：“没忘没忘，这就来。”
How could Wang Ye forget the local tyrant who shouted that he had no other magic crystals, and immediately gave a big smile to this high-quality customer: "I haven't forgotten, I'm coming." ”
师父找到，但生意也要做，师父可是很难养的。他今后得更多多努力赚钱了！
Master found it, but the business also had to be done, and it was very difficult for Master to raise it. He's going to have to work harder to make more money in the future!
王叶扭头，喊雷木：“哥，一支三级无垢洗髓液，底价两枚三级魔晶。一支二级培元药剂，底价两枚二级魔晶。每次五加五，绑定一起拍，价高者得。哦，两种药剂各十支，卖完就没货。”
Wang Ye turned his head and shouted to Lei Mu: "Brother, a third-level innocent marrow washing liquid, the reserve price is two third-level magic crystals." One second-level Peiyuan elixir, with a reserve price of two second-level magic crystals. Five plus five each time, bound to auction together, the highest price wins. Oh, 10 of each of the two potions, and they are out of stock when they are sold out. ”
人群哗然，底价不贵，但一旦让大家竞价起来，那价格就难说了。
The crowd was in an uproar, and the reserve price was not expensive, but once everyone was asked to bid, the price would be difficult to say.
偏偏小摊主看着小，却狡猾得很，竟然绑定拍卖，还只有两次机会。搞得大家想压个价，一人一支都很难。
But the small stall owner looks small, but he is very cunning, and he even binds the auction, and there are only two chances. It makes everyone want to lower the price, and it is difficult for one person.
不买？可连低效版的调味料和蔬菜都有那样的效果，如果是专门的药剂呢？
Don't buy? Even the inefficient versions of seasonings and vegetables have that effect, but what if it's a special drug?
没人舍得走。 No one wants to leave.
有些学生还接到了来自自己教授或学校大佬的暗中联系，让他们无论如何都要拍一套下来。
Some students also received covert contacts from their professors or school bosses, asking them to take a set of photos anyway.
拍卖还没开始，气氛就逐渐火热起来。 Before the auction even started, the atmosphere gradually became hot.
闻笛看看正在忙碌的王小叶，又看看主持药剂拍卖的雷木，嘴角就带出了一丝笑。
Wen Di looked at Wang Xiaoye, who was busy, and then looked at Lei Mu, who was presiding over the potion auction, and a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.
撒坦，不，雷木明显比他刚遇到他时要快乐得多，也沉稳得多，就像是一把绝世凶刃被收进了刀鞘里，还被人念了安魂咒。
Satan, no, Remu was obviously much happier and calmer than when he first met him, like a peerless blade that had been put into its scabbard and had been recited a requiem spell.
那个小家伙就是雷木的刀鞘和安魂咒吗？ Is that little guy Raigi's scabbard and requiem charm?
一碗热气滚滚的麻辣粉丝做好，被王小叶恭恭敬敬地放到了闻笛面前：“师父，您尝尝。”
A bowl of steaming spicy vermicelli was ready, and Wang Xiaoye respectfully put it in front of Wendi: "Master, you taste it." ”
闻笛先嗅了嗅气味，眯眼：这小孩好像对他的喜好很了解？雷木告诉他的？不对，雷木根本没有这么了解他。
Wen Di sniffed the smell first, and squinted: This kid seems to know a lot about his preferences? What did Raimu tell him? No, Reimu didn't know him that well at all.
虫巢里的疯药王磨牙：这小兔崽子从来没有对我这么恭敬过！
The mad medicine king in the hive grinds his teeth: This little rabbit has never been so respectful to me!
闻笛拿起小孩双手递给他的筷子，看着小孩满是孺慕和欣慰（？）的眼神，忍不住又想笑：这小孩真·怪怪的。
Wen Di picked up the chopsticks handed to him by the child's hands, and looked at the child full of admiration and relief (?). I couldn't help but want to laugh again: this kid is really weird.
但不知为何，之前因为意识到他和布鲁的友情很可能已经走到终点，而产生的烦躁和不爽感竟就这么消失而去，他的心重新回归平静。
But for some reason, the irritability and unhappiness that he had felt when he realized that his friendship with Blue had probably come to an end disappeared, and his heart returned to peace.
每个人都有每个人的立场，谁是谁非有时真的很难说得清楚。
Everyone has their own position, and it's really hard to say who is right and who is wrong sometimes.
他觉得布鲁利用他，很是薄情。而那么算计一个未成年，哪怕那是一只毒豺，也有些过分。他宁可堂堂正正地对敌，就是输了，他也能认可这个结果。
He felt that Blue was using him, and he was very unkind. And then calculating a minor, even if it is a poisonous jackal, is a bit excessive. He would rather face the enemy with dignity, even if he loses, he can also accept this result.
他这么看布鲁，也许布鲁也会觉得他没有大局观，不懂得为他和学校着想，是个自私的人。
He sees Blue this way, maybe Blue will also think that he has no big picture, does not know how to think about him and the school, and is a selfish person.
道不同不相为谋，就这么分开也好。 The Tao is not the same, so it is better to be separated.
他不欠布鲁，也不欠学校的，相反他在学校期间的贡献却不少。
He doesn't owe Blue, he doesn't owe the school, on the contrary, he contributes a lot during his time at school.
既然待得不开心，那就离开吧。再待下去，他怕自己会忍不住出手把布鲁揍一顿，把布鲁从校长的位子上拉下来。
If you're not happy, let's leave. If he stays any longer, he is afraid that he will not be able to resist beating Blue and pulling Blue from the headmaster's seat.
王叶拉着小凳子在闻笛面前坐下，“师父，您是不是有什么不快乐的事情？说出来让我开心开心啊。”
Wang Ye pulled a small stool and sat down in front of Wen Di, "Master, are you unhappy?" It makes me happy to say it. ”
“滚！小混蛋一个。”闻笛笑骂，心情莫名变得更好。 "Get out! Little bastard one. Hearing the flute laughing and scolding, his mood inexplicably became better.
这小子虽然也有问题，但……他也能感觉出来这孩子对他应该没有半点坏心，相反这小子看他的眼神简直就跟长辈看晚辈一样？特别宠爱、怀念、珍惜、欣慰……那复杂的，简直乱七八糟！
Although this kid also has problems, he ...... He could also feel that this kid shouldn't have the slightest bad intentions towards him, on the contrary, this kid looked at him like an elder looked at a junior? Particularly pampered, missed, cherished, and gratified...... It's complicated, it's a mess!
于是，在闻笛还没有想好之前，嘴巴就先秃噜道：“想让我承认可不是一件容易事，你至少得先过了我的考验关。”
So, before Wen Di could think about it, his mouth pouted baldly: "It's not easy for me to admit it, you have to at least pass my test first." ”
王叶：来了！就知道您会来这套。来吧，已经经历过一遍的爸爸不怕！
Wang Ye: It's coming! I knew you were going to come to this set. Come on, dad who has already experienced it once is not afraid!
王叶拍小胸脯：“师父，随便考，什么考验我都能接下来。”
Wang Ye patted his small chest: "Master, take the test casually, I can follow any test." ”
闻笛把碗挪到一个合适的位置，这个过程让他原本还有点摇摆的心意变得确定：“考验内容被我放在了炼药专业比试中，你可以去试试看。”
Wen Di moved the bowl to a suitable position, and this process made his originally somewhat wavering mind become certain: "The content of the test has been put by me in the alchemy professional competition, you can try it." ”
王叶兴高采烈地道：“好啊！” Wang Ye said happily: "Okay! ”
……等等！ …… Wait a minute!
“炼药专业比试？” "Alchemy professional competition?"
“对。” "Yes."
“……可这个专业我没报名啊！” “…… But I didn't sign up for this major! ”
现在报名还来得及吗？ Is it too late to sign up?
王小叶想哭。 Wang Xiaoye wanted to cry.
曾几何时，他觉得参加三场大比好麻烦，现在，他想对老天爷说：让我再多参加一场吧！
Once upon a time, he felt that it was troublesome to participate in three big competitions, and now, he wants to say to God: Let me participate in one more game!
“那你报的是什么专业？”闻笛随口问道。 "Then what major are you applying for?" Wen Di asked casually.
王叶沮丧地道：“培植、驭虫，还有一个卷轴。” Wang Ye said dejectedly: "Cultivation, insect control, and a scroll." ”
闻笛正在夹粉丝的筷子凝固住，粉丝就那么又滑回碗里。
Wen Di was holding the chopsticks of the vermicelli, and the vermicelli slid back into the bowl.
“你刚才是不是说你参加了三个专业比试？”闻笛满是诧异还有点不可置信地问。
"Did you just say that you participated in three professional competitions?" Wen Di was full of surprise and asked a little incredulously.
这孩子才多大？三门专业比试？陨星是怎么同意的？ How old is this kid? Three professional competitions? How did Meteorite agree?
王叶点头，一点都不觉得这有什么了不起的说道：“是啊，早知我就再多报一个了，其实药学才是我学得最好最有把握的。”
Wang Ye nodded, and said without thinking that it was a big deal at all: "Yes, I would have reported one more if I knew it, but in fact, pharmacy is the best and most sure thing I can learn." ”
闻笛：“……有点事问你。” Wen Di: "...... Something for you. ”
王叶抬头：“您说。” Wang Ye raised his head: "You say." ”
闻笛：“我之前遇到一个叫安戈洛的双月学生，他说他在你这里买了两支药剂，一支是……”
Wen Di: "I met a bilunar student named Angolo before, and he said that he bought two potions from you, one is ......"
“师父您认识他？我记得他，那学生给钱大方，我给他优惠了。”
"Master, do you know him? I remember him, the student gave him a generous money, and I gave him a discount. ”
重点不是优惠！“我问你，那两支药剂是谁炼制的？如果不方便，你也可以不回答。”闻笛盯紧小孩的眼睛。
The point is not about the offer! "Let me ask you, who made those two potions? If it's inconvenient, you can also not answer. Wen Di stared at the child's eyes.
王叶抬起手指，指了指自己的鼻子，特坦然地说：“我啊。”
Wang Ye raised his finger, pointed to his nose, and said calmly: "Me." ”
闻笛：“……你多大了？” Wen Di: "...... How old are you? ”
王叶嘿嘿一笑：“九岁。” Wang Ye smiled: "Nine years old." ”
闻笛表情有点僵硬，但了解他的王叶却从他的僵硬中看出了震惊。
Wen Di's expression was a little stiff, but Wang Ye, who knew him, could see the shock from his stiffness.
“嘿嘿嘿，师父，你现在是不是觉得我特别天才、特别厉害、特别了不起？我可跟您说，我们学校还有外面，好多人都抢着当我师父，您要是错过了我，不是我吹，您绝对会后悔一辈子。”王小叶尾巴都翘到头顶了。
"Hey, hey, Master, do you think I'm a genius, a great person, and a great person right now? I can tell you, our school and outside, many people are rushing to be my master, if you miss me, if I don't blow it, you will definitely regret it for the rest of your life. Wang Xiaoye's tail was cocked to the top of his head.
闻笛：“哦？那我是不是应该马上找个弟子，让你看看我会不会后悔？”
Wen Di: "Oh? Then should I find a disciple right away and let you see if I regret it? ”
王叶脸黑了：“师父！我绝不是威胁您，但我说真的，以后您要是不收我，收了其他人当徒弟，我见他一次打他一次，打到他乖乖背叛师门另找师父为止。”
Wang Ye's face darkened: "Master! I am by no means threatening you, but I tell you the truth, if you don't accept me in the future and accept someone else as an apprentice, I will see him beat him again and again until he obediently betrays his master and finds another master. ”
闻笛：“……”这是什么丧尽天良的发言？他这是给个小无赖缠上了吗？
Wen Di: "......" What kind of speech is this that has lost its conscience? Is he pestering a little scoundrel?
但，为什么他的心情是这么愉快？ But, why is he in such a happy mood?
第194章 想抢我师父？！ Chapter 194: Want to Rob My Master?!
雷木那边把两套一共各十支药剂高价拍卖出去，王叶就喊着收摊了。
Lei Mu auctioned off two sets of ten potions each at a high price, and Wang Ye shouted to close the stall.
没买到的学生都有点急，但王叶大声说货都卖完了，大家也没办法。
The students who didn't buy it were a little anxious, but Wang Ye said loudly that the goods were all sold out, and everyone couldn't do anything.
而且按照王叶这两天的“出货量”来看，大家觉得他可能真的没货了，就算还有一些库存，肯定也没多少。
And judging from Wang Ye's "shipments" in the past two days, everyone thinks that he may really be out of stock, even if there is still some inventory, there must not be much.
之前花高价买了最后几百包调味料的兽人少年顿时真的体会到了“众人都没有、只有我有”的异常爽感，尤其他的师长和朋友都在夸奖他当机立断有魄力什么的。
The orc boy who had bought the last few hundred packets of seasoning at a high price suddenly really experienced the extraordinary feeling of "no one else, only me", especially his division commander and friends were praising him for his courage and courage at the moment.
兽人少年暗自决定：以后那小摊主就是他的朋友了。 The orc boy secretly decided: from now on, the little stall owner will be his friend.
也有人觉得王叶不公开摆摊也好，这样他们就可以想法子看看能不能走私人路子买一些。
大佬们不好意思开口，都是学生在互相窜来窜去，一时陨星学校参赛的学生都成了香馍馍，多少人来找他们套交情。
乾副校长看王叶收摊，很想把他单独拎过去谈谈心，但那个闻笛竟然进了雷木和王叶的休息间，半天都没出来。
乾副校长一急之下，又给虫老和兰道教授分别发了一道联系，这次直接就道：你们宝贝徒弟要被人抢了，还不快来！
且不说虫老和兰道教授连续收到两封“警告”魔法信是个什么反应。
先说王叶这边。
王叶收摊后，就邀请闻笛去他们那儿坐坐。
闻笛正好也有事要询问雷木，他才不会承认他是想多多了解王小叶这古怪小孩。
比如这小孩为什么一见到他就冲他喊师父，还有对方看他的眼神，那绝不是陌生人看陌生人的眼神，小孩显然对他很熟悉，熟悉到让他有点毛骨悚然的程度。
雷木也有很多疑问，只是刚才在外面，很多话都不好问。
Lei Mu also has a lot of questions, but he was outside just now, and many words are not easy to ask.
他还记得小叶子跟他开玩笑说的他拥有上辈子记忆的事，这个上辈子到底是指什么意思？
He still remembered that Xiao Yezi joked with him about the fact that he had the memories of his previous life, what did this previous life mean?
小叶子又为什么那么成熟？ Why are the small leaves so ripe?
而且他这个年龄，拥有的知识量也太可怕了，就是进阶程度也快得让人胆颤。
And at his age, the amount of knowledge he has is too terrifying, and even the level of advancement is terrifying.
学校在知道王叶拿到五级资格后，就下了封口令，让所有知道的教授和工作人员都不准把这事对外传出去，说小叶子就是他们大比致胜的秘密武器。
After the school knew that Wang Ye had obtained the fifth-level qualification, it issued a gag order, so that all the professors and staff who knew about it were not allowed to spread the matter to the outside world, saying that Xiao Yezi was their secret weapon to win.
但当时两位副校长那震惊到不可置信的样子，以及几名负责监考的教授看小叶子那古怪的眼神，他到现在都记得清清楚楚。
But the shocked and unbelievable looks of the two vice principals at that time, as well as the strange eyes of several professors in charge of the invigilation looking at Xiao Yezi, he still remembers it clearly.
这还只是五级，如果让学校知道，小叶子不止有五级的实力，而是达到六级……
This is only level five, if you let the school know, Xiao Yezi not only has the strength of level five, but reaches level six......
雷木有时都害怕，害怕学校或某些人会把小叶子抓起来，研究他的大脑和灵魂，看他是不是被人夺舍的老怪物，或者到底是哪里和人不同。
Raimu is sometimes scared, afraid that the school or some people will take Xiaoye and study his brain and soul to see if he is an old monster who has been taken away, or if he is different from people.
有时候雷木也会想，小叶子这么厉害会不会就是因为他多了一世的记忆。
Sometimes Lei Mu also wonders if Xiao Yezi is so powerful because he has more memories of a lifetime.
至于他口中的师父，应该也是他上辈子的师父。 As for the master in his mouth, it should also be the master of his previous life.
可如果真的是上辈子，又有两个令他怎么都想不通的问题。
But if it was really from the previous life, there were two more problems that he couldn't figure out.
第一个就是小叶子为什么一见到他就特别亲近他、还那么信任他？难道他在小叶子上辈子也出现过吗？
The first is why Xiao Yezi is so close to him and trusts him so much when he sees him? Could it be that he also appeared in Xiaoyezi's previous life?
好吧，雷木是想过，也许小叶子的上辈子记忆中，有个人和他长得很像，甚至同名同姓都有可能，毕竟雷木这个名字也算普通。
Well, Lei Mu thought about it, maybe in Xiao Yezi's memory of his previous life, there was someone who looked very similar to him, and it was even possible to have the same name and surname, after all, the name Lei Mu was also ordinary.
但小叶子上辈子有可能还认识一个和闻笛长得很像，甚至也同名同姓的师父吗？
But is it possible that Xiao Yezi still knew a master who looked very similar to Wen Di in his previous life, and even had the same name and surname?
这就是他想不通的第二个问题，为什么小叶子见到闻笛也熟悉得不得了？
This is the second question he can't figure out, why is Xiao Yezi so familiar with Wendi when he sees it?
那种亲昵劲，绝不是尊敬和向往之类感情能解释的，那明明是相处很长时间的晚辈对爱重自己的长辈的关心、依赖、孺慕和喜欢。
That kind of intimacy is by no means explained by feelings such as respect and yearning, which is obviously the care, dependence, admiration and liking of the younger generations who have been with them for a long time.
总结：他和闻笛都曾在小叶子的生命中出现，并担任了很重的份量，他们本人却毫无记忆，只有小叶子一人记得。还有小叶子那不同于一般小孩子的成熟和聪慧……
Summary: He and Wen Di have both appeared in Xiao Yezi's life and played a very important role, but they themselves have no memory, only Xiao Yezi remembers. There is also Xiao Yezi's maturity and intelligence that is different from ordinary children......
答案呼之欲出。 The answer is imminent.
其实小叶子已经表现得很明显，他甚至都没特意做什么隐瞒。
In fact, Xiao Yezi had already shown that he didn't even deliberately do anything to hide it.
雷木也已经看到了就摆在前方的答案，只是他总觉得这个答案不能说出来，说出来也许就会……
Remu had already seen the answer that was in front of him, but he always felt that this answer couldn't be said, and if he said it, he might ......
他不知道会发生什么事，但绝不是什么好事！ He didn't know what was going to happen, but it was never a good thing!
这让雷木有点焦躁，看向闻笛的眼神都有了些警告之意——如果你已经或即将看出什么，不要说出来！
This made Raimu a little anxious, and there was a warning in his eyes when he looked at Wen Di - if you have seen or are about to see something, don't say it!
闻笛：嗯？我哪里得罪阿木了吗？为什么用这种眼神看我？
Wendi: Huh? Where did I offend Amu? Why are you looking at me like that?
“阿木，我们聊聊？”闻笛道。 "Amu, let's talk?" Wen Di said.
雷木：“不急，我知道你有很多疑问想问小叶子，你和他先谈谈吧。”
Lei Mu: "Don't worry, I know you have a lot of questions you want to ask Xiao Yezi, you can talk to him first." ”
闻笛看看雷木，又看看像是陷入回忆中的王小叶，一头雾水，但似乎又明白了什么。
Wen Di looked at Lei Mu, and then at Wang Xiaoye, who seemed to be stuck in a memory, confused, but seemed to understand something.
“好吧，小叶子，我们谈谈。”闻笛收起笑容，整个人刀锋一样的气质就更加锐利，那看人的眼神更像是在剖析一般，一般人都不敢直视他的眼睛。
"Okay, little leaf, let's talk." Wen Di put away his smile, and the whole person's blade-like temperament became sharper, and the eyes that looked at people were more like analyzing, and ordinary people didn't dare to look directly into his eyes.
闻笛还在两人的宿舍内布置了一个结界。 Wen Di also set up an enchantment in the dormitory of the two.
其实最安全的谈话地点是虫巢，但王叶想了想，并没有马上拉闻笛进去。
In fact, the safest place to talk is the worm nest, but Wang Ye thought about it and didn't pull Wendi into it immediately.
他信任的是上辈子的师父，这辈子的师父和上辈子还是有区别的。就像雷木和上辈子的傀儡木木区别也很大一样。
He trusts the master in his previous life, and there is still a difference between the master in this life and the previous life. Just like Lei Mu is also very different from the puppet Mu Mu in the previous life.
不但他得重新适应这样一位年轻帅气的师父，他闻笛师父更是需要从头开始认识他，一点点了解他。
Not only did he have to re-adapt to such a young and handsome master, but he also needed to get to know him from scratch and get to know him little by little.
三人一起坐下，王叶夹在中间，就像偷工减料的夹心饼干中的夹心，小小一团。
The three of them sat down together, and Wang Ye was sandwiched in the middle, like a sandwich in a sandwich biscuit that cut corners, a small ball.
面对这样的王叶，闻笛多少收起了他“剖析和锋利”的眼神，略微温和地道：
In the face of such a Wang Ye, Wen Di somewhat put away his "analytical and sharp" eyes, and said slightly gently:
“小叶子，首先我们就谈谈你为什么会一见面就叫我师父，还知道我的喜好吧。别说你崇拜我想造成既成事实，这种随便就能被戳破的谎言就没必要说了。你看我的眼神可不像看陌生人。”
"Xiao Yezi, first of all, let's talk about why you call me Master as soon as we meet, and know my preferences. Don't say that you worship me and want to create a fait accompli, there is no need to say this kind of lie that can be punctured casually. You don't look at me like a stranger. ”
王叶咕咚咽了口口水。哎呀妈，三堂会审来了！ Wang Ye swallowed his saliva. Oh mom, the three sessions are here!
他终于等到今天了。 He finally waited for today.
是的，他早就设想过他会遇到这样的“审问”环节。 Yes, he had long imagined that he would encounter such an "interrogation" session.
不是有人说这世上有三件事是怎么都遮掩不住的吗？ Didn't someone say that there are three things in this world that can't be hidden?
咳嗽，贫穷，爱情。 Cough, poverty, love.
爱情的范围很广，并不单指男女情爱。 The scope of love is very broad, and it does not only refer to the love between men and women.
他对他师父和对木木的感情，比爱情还要浓烈，那是在无比愧疚下失而复得才能产生的极端感情。
His feelings for his master and for Mu Mu are stronger than love, and they are extreme feelings that can only be produced by being lost and regained under incomparable guilt.
他修的又不是无情道，怎么可能遮掩得住他对这两人的感情？
He is not cultivating ruthless Dao, how can he hide his feelings for these two people?
与其遮遮掩掩、谎话满篇，让两人对他怀疑再怀疑，还要浪费心思和时间来思忖十万个为什么，还不如一开始就把事情挑明了说，也许有些事不能说得太明白——碍于游戏系统，但大家能心知肚明就好了嘛。
Instead of covering up and lying all over the place, making the two of them doubt him and doubting him, and wasting their minds and time thinking about a hundred thousand whys, it is better to pick things out from the beginning, maybe some things can't be said too clearly - because of the game system, but everyone can know it.
“咳，师父，我下面说的话很认真，我保证没有半字谎言。”王叶举起三根手指。
"Ahem, Master, what I said below is very serious, and I promise that there is no half-word lie." Wang Ye raised three fingers.
闻笛翘起腿，姿态特别放松：“你说，我在听。” Wen Di cocked his legs, and his posture was particularly relaxed: "You say, I'm listening." ”
王叶随手切断了虫巢和外界的联系。 Wang Ye casually cut off the connection between the hive and the outside world.
疯药王&靳蜘蛛：正到紧要关头，你竟然切直播？！人干事？
Mad Medicine King & Jin Spider: It's a critical juncture, and you actually cut the live broadcast?! People officer?
雷木顺手把金宝也送回虫巢里。 Lei Mu easily sent Jinbao back to the hive.
金宝儿不可置信：“爸叽？”为什么他也不能听？ Kimbell was incredulous: "Dad? Why can't he listen too?
小光也被王叶送回虫巢。 Xiaoguang was also sent back to the hive by Wang Ye.
小云老神在在地种田浇水，作为树人，他的传承记忆可是告诉他：知道太多可不是一件好事。
The old god Xiaoyun is farming and watering in the ground, and as a tree man, his inheritance memory tells him: It is not a good thing to know too much.
小叶子不让他们偷听，应该也是为了他们好。 Xiao Yezi didn't let them eavesdrop, it should be for their good.
王叶整理情绪，深深吸了口气，又缓缓吐出，他·重生·见过无数大世面·叶，紧张了。
Wang Ye sorted out his emotions, took a deep breath, and slowly exhaled it, he was reborn and had seen countless great worlds and leaves, and he was nervous.
闻笛看着对面男孩那无法掩饰的紧张模样，嘴角弯了弯。
Wen Di looked at the unconcealed nervousness of the boy opposite, and the corners of his mouth curved.
雷木忽然挪动凳子，坐到了王叶身边，还握住了他一只手。
Lei Mu suddenly moved the stool, sat down beside Wang Ye, and held one of his hands.
王叶顿时稳了，气也不短了，心也不虚了。 Wang Ye suddenly stabilized, his breath was not short, and his heart was not empty.
“师父，我小时候受到过一次严重伤害，这之后我很可能进入了长时间的昏迷期。但实际上，我的意识并没有昏迷，我在我的家乡那边飘飘荡荡混了大概十一年左右，后来突然就从我的家乡蓝星群岛来到了双月星，混了三年才遇到您和木木，您收我为徒，悉心教导我，我和你们一起生活了七年多，七年后……”
"Master, I was seriously injured once when I was a child, and it is likely that I entered a long coma after that. But in fact, my consciousness is not unconscious, I wandered around my hometown for about eleven years, and then suddenly came to the Double Moon Star from my hometown of the Blue Star Islands, and it took three years to meet you and Mu Mu, you took me as an apprentice, taught me carefully, I lived with you for more than seven years, and after seven years, I ......"
王叶还没说完，眼睛先泛红了。 Before Wang Ye finished speaking, his eyes turned red first.
雷木皱了皱眉头，就连闻笛都从小孩的停顿中听出不妙之感。
Lei Mu frowned, and even Wen Di could hear something bad from the child's pause.
王叶用力擦了擦眼睛，一口气说道：“七年后，你们因我而死，我为你们报仇后也死了。然后我就醒了，醒过来时，我还是重伤状况，八岁，在我的家乡。”
Wang Ye wiped his eyes vigorously and said in one breath: "Seven years later, you died because of me, and I also died after avenging you." Then I woke up, and when I woke up, I was still seriously injured, eight years old, in my hometown. ”
这一句话说出来，王叶就像卸下了某个沉重至极的大包袱，整个人都放松了下来。
When this sentence was spoken, Wang Ye seemed to have unloaded some extremely heavy burden, and the whole person relaxed.
放松的王叶低着头，就像是正在等待审判的有罪者。 The relaxed Wang Ye lowered his head, like a guilty person waiting for trial.
闻笛突然冷喝：“抬起脸来！告诉我，仇人是谁？是谁杀死了我和阿木？”
Wen Di suddenly snorted coldly: "Raise your face!" Tell me, who is the enemy? Who killed me and Amu? ”
王叶猛地抬起头，回答：“有很多人。有我家乡的人，也有双月星的人，他们想得到我从一个秘境中得到的宝贝。而其中追杀我们最积极的就是一个叫做长生会的组织。”
Wang Ye raised his head abruptly and replied, "There are a lot of people. There are people from my hometown, and there are people from the Double Moon Star, who want to get the treasure I got from a secret realm. And among them, the most active one to hunt us down is an organization called the Immortal Society. ”
闻笛嘴角勾起讽刺的笑：“长生会啊……” The corners of Wen Di's mouth hooked up a sarcastic smile: "Immortal Society......"
雷木更当即道：“小叶子，不关你的事，我们不是因为你而死，长生会本来就和我们有些仇怨。闻大哥，你说是不是？”
Lei Mu immediately said: "Xiao Yezi, it's none of your business, we didn't die because of you, the Immortal Society originally had some grudges against us." Brother Wen, don't you say? ”
闻笛翻了个白眼，要不要这么护着？我又没说是这小孩害死我们，再说至少二十年后的事情，还是小孩做的一场梦，能不能别这么紧张又当真？
Wen Di rolled his eyes, do you want to be so protective? I didn't say that this kid killed us, and besides, at least twenty years later, it's still a child's dream, can you not be so nervous and take it seriously?
闻笛彻底对小孩的梦境来了兴趣，又问道：“来来来，详细说说看，你遇到我们时，我们是什么样？在哪里？后来我们一起生活的七年间，又发生了哪些你还记得的大事？”
Wen Di was completely interested in the child's dream, and asked, "Come on, tell me in detail, what were we like when you met us?" Where is it? In the seven years we lived together, what major events did you remember? ”
王叶不知道系统能容忍到哪种程度，小心翼翼地说道：“梦中，我在距今约十三年后才遇到你们，那时师父你在一个大城市中开了一家药店，我去您那儿买药，您看起来比现在老……一点点，就头发全白了，眼角也有皱纹，实力似乎也没有现在高。”
Wang Ye didn't know how much the system could tolerate, so he said cautiously: "In my dream, I didn't meet you until about thirteen years ago, when Master opened a pharmacy in a big city, and I went to you to buy medicine, and you look older than now...... A little bit, his hair is all white, there are wrinkles at the corners of his eyes, and his strength doesn't seem to be as high as it is now. ”
闻笛听得眉头皱成疙瘩，十三年后，他混得这么惨？ Wen Di's brows furrowed when he heard it, thirteen years later, he was so miserable?
雷木好奇：“我呢？” Lei Mu was curious: "What about me?" ”
王叶抿了抿嘴唇，看着雷木的眼睛说：“我遇到你时，你就在师父身边，但你那时完全没有了自己的意识，你……变成了一个傀儡。我跟师父讨要你，师父就让你跟了我，我……契约了你。”
Wang Ye pursed his lips, looked into Lei Mu's eyes and said, "When I met you, you were by Master's side, but you had no consciousness of yourself at that time, you ...... Turned into a puppet. I asked Master for you, and Master let you follow me, and I ...... I contracted you. ”
雷木哑然。他竟然变成了傀儡，还被小叶子契约了？好吧，现在他明白小叶子为什么那么相信他了，还有什么能比一个绝不会背叛自己的傀儡更值得信赖的存在？
Lei Mu was dumbfounded. He turned into a puppet and was contracted by Xiao Yezi? Well, now that he understands why Xiao Yezi believes in him so much, what could be more trustworthy than a puppet who would never betray him?
王叶反过来用力握住雷木的手。 Wang Ye in turn held Lei Mu's hand hard.
雷木笑笑，捏了捏小孩的手指，表示自己并不在意。 Lei Mu smiled and pinched the child's fingers, indicating that he didn't care.
王叶忽有所感，打开了因果卷。 Wang Ye suddenly felt something and opened the cause and effect scroll.
就见他和雷木和闻笛师父之间的因果线颜色转为了血一般的深红色。
I saw that the color of the causal line between him, Lei Mu and Master Wendi turned to a blood-like crimson.
这是冥冥中给他的警告吗？觉得他泄露“天机”太多？王叶立刻收口不敢再多言。
Is this a warning to him from the underworld? Think he leaked too much "heavenly machine"? Wang Ye immediately closed his mouth and didn't dare to say more.
闻笛等了半天，见小孩说了这一段就没下文，不禁催促：“后面呢？”
Wendi waited for a long time, and when he saw that the child didn't follow this paragraph, he couldn't help urging: "What about the back?" ”
“后面不能说，说了会出事。”王叶真有这样的直觉。 "I can't say it later, if I say it, something will happen." Wang Ye really has such an intuition.
闻笛眯了眯眼，他竟然点点头：“也是。预言本来就不能说得太多。牵一发而动全身，你躲开了左边的危险，说不定右边和中间会冒出新的危险等着你。”
Wen Di narrowed his eyes, and he actually nodded: "Yes." Prophecy could not have been said too much. With a single move, you dodge the danger on the left, and maybe new dangers will emerge on the right and in the middle. ”
王叶用力点头：“对，就是这样。” Wang Ye nodded vigorously: "Yes, that's it." ”
雷木不禁问：“闻大哥，你认为小叶子这种情况是真的去了未来，还是只做了一个关于未来的预知梦？”
Lei Mu couldn't help asking: "Brother Wen, do you think Xiao Yezi's situation really went to the future, or did he just have a prophetic dream about the future?" ”
闻笛沉吟，思考了一段时间，才缓慢说道：“在魔法界有几个几乎不能动摇的规则，其中之一就是时间的不可逆性。我们可以让一个生物快速生长或快速死亡，甚至把他变得年轻或年幼，但任何魔法师也没有办法让那个生物回到他出生前。虽然有个魔法叫时间回溯，但实际上这个魔法并不是真的让时间回溯，而只是让人们能看到某地在某段时间发生过的景象。”
Wen Di groaned and thought for a while before he said slowly: "There are several rules in the wizarding world that are almost unshakable, and one of them is the irreversibility of time. We can make a creature grow fast or die quickly, or even make it young or young, but no magician can get that creature back to where it was before it was born. Although there is a magic called time rewind, in fact, this magic does not really turn back time, but only allows people to see what happened in a certain place at a certain time. ”
王叶和雷木在课堂中也学过这些知识。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu also learned this knowledge in the classroom.
“虽然超凡者界也有一句话叫万事皆有可能，但我还是更认可小叶子应该只是做了一个真实感非常强的预知梦。只是这小子福运一流，竟然能从这段奇遇中学到知识，还记住了。”闻笛深深看了眼小孩。
"Although there is also a saying in the transcendent world that everything is possible, I still agree that Xiao Ye should just have a very realistic prophetic dream. It's just that this kid has first-class luck, and he can learn from this adventure and remember it. Wen Di looked at the child deeply.
王叶现在也有些动摇了，被闻笛师父说得他也开始怀疑自己是不是真的只是做了一个非常真实的预知梦。
Wang Ye was also a little shaken now, and when Master Wendi told him, he also began to wonder if he really just had a very real prophetic dream.
雷木没有说话，他总觉得王叶的奇遇不能简单用预知梦来解释，他见过预言者，那些预言者全都神神叨叨的，他们基本看不到完整的未来，只能窥探到某些片段，或得到一些似是而非的提示。
Lei Mu didn't speak, he always felt that Wang Ye's adventure could not be explained simply by a prophetic dream, he had seen the prophets, those prophets were all gods, they basically couldn't see the complete future, they could only spy on some fragments, or get some specious hints.
像王叶这样能清楚记得一整段时间的“预知梦境”，还能从中学到知识和经验的，他从没有听说过。
He had never heard of someone like Wang Ye who could clearly remember the "Prophetic Dream" for a whole period of time, and could also learn knowledge and experience from it.
不过闻笛愿意这样认为……不管他心里怎么想，对小叶子也是好事吧。
But Wen Di is willing to think so...... No matter what he thinks in his heart, it's also a good thing for Xiao Yezi.
王叶也只花了半分钟就想通了。预知也好，重生也好，他现在就在这里，他的木木、他的师父、还有他姑姑都活得好好的，这才是最重要、最真实的！
It only took Wang Ye half a minute to figure it out. Whether it is foreknowledge or rebirth, he is here now, his Mumu, his master, and his aunt are all alive and well, this is the most important and real!
闻笛似乎也轻易接受了小孩的预知梦说法，他的神态也是三人中最轻松的。
Wen Di also seemed to easily accept the child's precognitive dream theory, and his demeanor was also the most relaxed of the three.
这时候闻笛还能笑着说：“既然你跟我学了七年多，那么就让我看看你都学了什么吧。”
At this time, Wen Di could still smile and say, "Since you have been studying with me for more than seven years, then let me see what you have learned." ”
瞬间，审问变成了考试。 In an instant, the interrogation turned into an exam.
王叶不用可惜他没能参加制药专业大比了，因为现在他闻笛师父就满足了他这个愿望，给他出了一堆考题。
Wang Ye didn't need it, but it was a pity that he couldn't participate in the pharmaceutical professional competition, because now he Wendi Master fulfilled his wish and gave him a bunch of exam questions.
王叶做考题做得满身汗，但好在闻笛师父对他的能力还是认识不足，出的题目基本都是四级以下，医学方面出的也不是很难。
Wang Ye was sweating all over the exam questions, but fortunately, Master Wendi still didn't know enough about his ability, and the questions were basically below level 4, and it was not very difficult to get out of medicine.
闻笛给王叶出题，可不是看他的答题结果，他看的是王叶的答题过程。
Wen Di gave Wang Ye a question, not to see his answer results, but to see Wang Ye's answer process.
很好，果然是他一手教出来的，连他的小习惯都学得七七八八，更不要说一些独属于他闻笛个人的技巧。
It's very good, sure enough, he taught it single-handedly, and even his little habits have been learned, not to mention some skills that are unique to him in listening to the flute.
这不但是他一手教出来的，很可能还是他手把手、特别严厉、特别认真，一点点打磨出来的。
This is not only taught by him, but it is likely that he is hand-in-hand, particularly strict, and very serious, and polished it little by little.
啧，这种被“别人”抢了先的不愉快感！ Tsk, this unpleasant feeling of being preempted by "others"!
哪怕他知道这个别人就是他自己，他还是很不爽。调教徒弟的成就感都没了好吗！
Even if he knew that this other person was himself, he was still very unhappy. The sense of accomplishment of training apprentices is gone, okay!
不过换个想法，有人帮他给小孩打了基础，还是非常牢靠的基础，并且和他一脉相承，这不是省了他很多事？他只要接着教更高深的中高级知识就可以。
But to think about it another way, someone helped him lay a foundation for the child, which is still a very solid foundation, and is in the same vein as him, doesn't it save him a lot of trouble? He just needs to continue to teach more advanced intermediate and advanced knowledge.
他为什么在学校待不住？还不就是因为教小孩很麻烦？ Why can't he stay at school? Isn't it because it's troublesome to teach children?
现在有人帮他先把小孩的底子都打好了，他只要伸手摘桃子就可以。
Now someone has helped him lay the foundation of the child first, and he only needs to reach out and pick peaches.
想想看，另一个他辛辛苦苦把小叶子的底子打牢，正准备教他更深的知识，结果却提前一步回归天地了。这不就相当于在帮他打白工吗？
Think about it, the other one who worked hard to lay a solid foundation for Xiao Yezi and was about to teach him deeper knowledge, but he returned to heaven and earth one step ahead of schedule. Isn't this equivalent to helping him do a day job?
这样一想，闻老大又爽了。 Thinking about it like this, Boss Wen is refreshed again.
谢谢你，另一个我。哈哈哈！ Thank you, another me. Hahaha!
不管王小叶是做了一个预知梦也好，还是真的跑去未来又死回来也好，总而言之，现在摘桃子的是他，不爽的应该是另一个他，而不是现在的他。
Regardless of whether Wang Xiaoye had a prophetic dream, or whether he really ran to the future and died back, all in all, he is the one who picks peaches now, and it should be another him who is unhappy, not the current him.
哎呀，都快给小孩绕糊涂了。 Oops, it's almost confusing for the kids.
总之！小孩的过去他没有参与，但小孩的未来必将有他！
In a word! He was not involved in the child's past, but the child's future will definitely have him!
重点！王小叶才九岁啊，九岁就能炼制出四级药剂，还掌握了培植、驭虫和卷轴这三门专业知识，且能被陨星送来参加大比，那就表示小孩这三门知识都不会弱于三级。
Focus! Wang Xiaoye is only nine years old, he can refine a fourth-level potion at the age of nine, and he has mastered the three professional knowledge of cultivation, insect control and scroll, and can be sent by the meteor to participate in the big competition, which means that the child's three knowledge will not be weaker than the third-level.
九岁，横跨四门专业的超级天才！就问天下间有几个？ Nine-year-old, a super genius across four majors! Just ask how many are there in the world?
那谁五百年难得一见来着？ So who is rare to see in 500 years?
他徒弟王小叶至少千年难得一见！ His apprentice Wang Xiaoye is rare to see at least a thousand years!
哈哈哈，这么牛掰的学生现在是他的了！还是小家伙自己求着拜他为师。
Hahaha, such a student is now his! Or the little guy himself begged to worship him as a teacher.
闻笛简直越想越舒爽，如果不是为了端着那点师父的架子，他能插腰仰天大笑。
The more he thought about it, the more comfortable he became, if it weren't for the master's shelf, he would have been able to laugh at the sky.
不过，要怎么和小叶子把师徒名分彻底定下来？ However, how to completely settle the master-apprentice status with Xiao Yezi?
首先，他闻笛要收弟子当然要光明正大公开地收。 First of all, when he heard the flute, he wanted to accept disciples, of course, he had to accept them openly and openly.
他有这么碉堡的弟子为什么要藏起来？那不是跟锦衣夜行一样？
Why did he have such a bunker disciple to hide? Isn't that the same as a brocade night walk?
他就是要让所有人知道，他闻笛不是不收弟子，而是他要收也只收王小叶这样的！
He just wants everyone to know that he doesn't accept disciples when he hears the flute, but that he only accepts Wang Xiaoye!
“师父啊，你看我们话都说到这种程度了，你也考过我了，你总应该相信我真是你收的徒弟了吧？那什么大比中的考验是不是就可以取消了？”王叶眼巴巴地看着闻笛。
"Master, you see that we have talked to this extent, and you have also passed the test for me, you should always believe that I am really your apprentice, right? So what is the test in the big competition, can it be canceled? Wang Ye looked at Wen Di with blank eyes.
“咳，小叶子啊，为师也不想让你脱裤子放屁。但是你师父我已经放出话……”闻笛特别自然地就以王小叶的师父自称了。随即也把布鲁校长找他推荐撒奇尔做他弟子，他不想收，只好找了个借口的事说了。
"Ahem, little leaf, I don't want you to take off your pants and fart. But your master, I have already released my words...... "Wen Di naturally called himself Wang Xiaoye's master. Immediately, he also told Principal Blue that he recommended Thatchir to be his disciple, but he didn't want to accept it, so he had to find an excuse to say it.
雷木没想到会在此时此地听到撒奇尔的名字。 Remu didn't expect to hear Thatcher's name here and now.
“什么？那个撒奇尔要做你弟子？你们校长还死活非要把人塞给你？”王叶跳起来，气炸。
"What? That Thatcher wants to be your disciple? Your headmaster is still going to stuff people into you? Wang Ye jumped up and exploded.
闻笛笑眯眯地说：“你知道这个撒奇尔是谁吗？” Wen Di smiled and said, "Do you know who this Thatcher is?" ”
雷木：“……” Raimi: "......"
王叶恶狠狠地问：“是谁？” Wang Ye asked viciously, "Who is it?" ”
闻笛：“他就是雷木的亲弟弟，银月帝国排名第三位的帝位继承人，也是把雷木差点害死的罪魁祸首。”
Wen Di: "He is Lei Mu's own brother, the third-ranked heir to the throne of the Silver Moon Empire, and the culprit who almost killed Lei Mu." ”
王叶这时的表情真的非常难以用言语来形容。 Wang Ye's expression at this time was really very difficult to describe in words.
闻笛似乎觉得这样还不够刺激他一样，又说道：“你不是说你在梦境中遇到的雷木变成了没有意识的傀儡了吗？就在今天，我才抓到一只被撒奇尔派来监视我的傀儡鸟，用人炼制的。”
Wen Di seemed to think that this was not enough to stimulate him, and said, "Didn't you say that the Lei Mu you met in the dream became an unconscious puppet?" It was only today that I caught a puppet bird that had been sent by Thatcher to spy on me, and it was refined by a man. ”
“是他？是他害了雷木？”王叶浑身杀气再也抑制不住。
"Is that him? Did he hurt Remu? Wang Ye's murderous aura could no longer be suppressed.
闻笛心惊。 I was shocked when I heard the flute.
雷木迅速按住王叶肩膀，声音中输入精神力呼唤他：“小叶子？”
Lei Mu quickly pressed Wang Ye's shoulder, and his voice entered spiritual power to call him: "Little Yezi? ”
王叶被雷木不断抚摸肩膀，感受到雷木就在身边的活气和温暖，眼中的血红这才一点点褪去。
Wang Ye was constantly touched by Lei Mu's shoulders, feeling the vitality and warmth of Lei Mu beside him, and the blood red in his eyes faded little by little.
闻笛不敢再刺激王叶了，他想他似乎有点过于轻忽“那段预知梦的记忆”给小家伙带来的伤害了。
Wen Di didn't dare to stimulate Wang Ye anymore, he thought that he seemed to be a little too ignorant of the damage caused to the little guy by "that memory of the prophetic dream".
这小家伙可不止是带着知识记忆和对他们的爱意与思念回来，他显然还带着深刻的仇恨。
This little fellow did not only come back with intellectual memories and love and longing for them, but he also clearly carried a deep hatred.
闻笛放轻声音：“我可以确保那个撒骑驴不可能通过我的考验，但是我话已经放出去。”
Wen Di let out a soft voice: "I can make sure that the donkey will not pass my test, but my words have been released." ”
闻笛也有点后悔，早知会遇到王小叶，他还搞什么考验，早跳槽带徒弟去了。
Wen Di also regretted it a little, he knew that he would meet Wang Xiaoye, what kind of test did he do, so he jumped ship early and took his apprentice.
王叶慢慢收敛情绪，他忽然用力抱住雷木，又过去抱住闻笛，还蹭了蹭。
Wang Ye slowly reined in his emotions, he suddenly hugged Lei Mu hard, and then went over to hug Wen Di, and rubbed it.
闻笛：“……”行吧，你蹭吧。 Wendi: "...... it, you can rub it."
王叶通过真实的触感，不断告诉自己，他闻笛师父和木木都还好好的。
Through the real touch, Wang Ye kept telling himself that he heard that Master Wen Di and Mu Mu were fine.
情绪收拾好了，王叶就开始犯愁：“师父，多参加一场比试，我是无所谓，反正我有信心。但我没有报名啊。”
After the emotions were cleaned up, Wang Ye began to worry: "Master, I don't care if I participate in one more competition, anyway, I have confidence." But I didn't sign up. ”
“如果你只是担心没有报名这点的话，那你完全不用担心。”闻笛看着这个铁板钉钉的爱徒，满眼都是温柔——这个徒弟他要定了，敢跑打断腿！
"If you're just worried about not signing up, you don't have to worry about it." Wen Di looked at this ironclad beloved apprentice, his eyes were full of tenderness - this apprentice he was going to decide, dare to run and break his legs!
“难道师父你有办法让我加塞？”王叶兴奋了。 "Master, do you have a way for me to plug it?" Wang Ye was excited.
“不是加塞，而是大比还有一个隐藏环节，就是对第一名发起的挑战赛。只不过以前各专业大比第一名都很厉害，敢于挑战他们的人不多，所以这个挑战赛也就名存实亡了。但你的话，你应该有实力去挑战制药专业的第一名，到时候你……”
"It's not about Gasai, it's about Dabi that there's a hidden link, which is the challenge to the first place. It's just that in the past, the first place in each major competition was very powerful, and there were not many people who dared to challenge them, so this challenge existed in name only. But if you say it, you should have the strength to challenge for the first place in the pharmaceutical profession, and then you will ......"
“我懂了！”王叶不等闻笛师父把话说完，就满身兴奋满脸狰狞满含杀意地说：“我只要借口要拜您为师，不服气那谁，要求他一起接受您的考验，然后当着所有人面，堂堂正正地打败他，打到他信心崩溃永远都爬不起来的程度，就可以了对吗？”
"I see!" Wang Ye didn't wait for Master Wendi to finish speaking, he was full of excitement and said with murderous intent: "I just need to use the excuse of worshipping you as a teacher, who is not convinced, ask him to accept your test together, and then defeat him in front of everyone, and fight him to the point where his confidence collapses and he can never get up, right?" ”
闻笛：……好像一不小心放出了一只可怕的小怪物。 Wen Di: ...... It seems that a scary little monster has been accidentally released.
雷木：给我亲爱的弟弟点蜡。 Remu: Give my dear brother some wax.
第195章 喊校长吧 Chapter 195: Call the Headmaster
“对了，木木，你那个弟弟不是病秧子吗？他怎么变成天才了？”王叶好奇。
"By the way, Mumu, isn't that younger brother of yours a sick seedling? How did he become a genius? Wang Ye was curious.
雷木：“我也很想知道这个答案，至少在我最后一次见他前，他还是……病秧子。而我最后一次见他，大约是两年前。”
Raim: "I'd love to know the answer, at least until I saw him for the last time, and he was ...... Sick seedlings. And the last time I saw him, about two years ago. ”
“他是找到其他天才，更换了对方的骨血和资质吗？”王叶问。
"Did he find another genius and replace the other party's blood and qualifications?" Wang Ye asked.
雷木沉默不语。 Reimu was silent.
闻笛：“很有可能。撒家人里面有一个十分精通黑暗系魔法阵的人，所谓的黑暗系，就是被普遍禁止使用的魔法，比如魂转魔法阵、资质转移魔法阵、生命力转移魔法阵、还有气运类转移魔法阵等等。”
Wen Di: "Quite possibly. There is a person in the Sa family who is very proficient in the dark magic array, the so-called dark system, is the magic that is generally forbidden to use, such as the soul transfer magic array, the qualification transfer magic array, the vitality transfer magic array, and the luck transfer magic array, etc. ”
“师父见过这个人？” "Master has seen this person?"
“不，我没有见过对方。我之所以这么说，是因为我见过对方的作品。”闻笛看向雷木，用眼神问他能不能说。
"No, I haven't met each other. I say this because I've seen each other's work. Wen Di looked at Lei Mu and asked him if he could say anything with his eyes.
王叶看出来了，立马用自己的小身体挡住雷木，催促闻笛：“师父你快说，是不是撒家人在木木身上做了什么手脚？”
Wang Ye saw it, and immediately blocked Lei Mu with his small body, and urged Wen Di: "Master, tell me quickly, did the Sajia family do anything to Mu Mu?" ”
雷木失笑，把王叶拉到身边，让他坐下说话。 Lei Mu smiled, pulled Wang Ye to his side, and asked him to sit down and talk.
王叶不肯坐，死活要闻笛说出撒家人怎么雷木了。 Wang Ye refused to sit down, and he wanted to hear the flute and say what happened to the Sa family.
闻笛笑，他挺喜欢小孩重情的一面，就不顾雷木眼神阻止，说道：“说来这也是我和阿木认识的契机。大约两年前，我凭着一点线索正在寻找一个秘境，只可惜这个秘境很不好找，套了两个虚假秘境，其中一个十分危险，我差点陷在里面。就在那时我遇到了被人追捕，逃进深山老林的阿木。阿木救了我。”
Wen Di smiled, he liked the child's affectionate side, so he ignored Lei Mu's eyes and said, "Speaking of which, this is also an opportunity for me and Amu to get to know each other." About two years ago, I was looking for a secret realm with a little clue, but unfortunately this secret realm was very difficult to find, and I set up two false secret realms, one of which was very dangerous, and I almost fell into it. It was then that I met Amu, who was being hunted down and fled into the mountains and forests. Amu saved me. ”
“原来你们是这么认识的。”王叶终于解开了上辈子一直困扰他的谜题。
"That's how you met." Wang Ye finally solved the mystery that had been bothering him in his previous life.
闻笛接着道：“当时阿木重伤，他救了我后就昏倒了。我在帮他治伤途中，发现他身上被人刻下了一个生命力转移魔法阵，就刻在他的后背。”
Wen Di continued: "At that time, Amu was seriously injured, and he passed out after saving me. On the way to help him heal his injuries, I found that someone had carved a life force transfer magic circle on his body, and it was engraved on his back. ”
王叶差点又原地爆炸，他气得额头青筋都崩出来了。 Wang Ye almost exploded on the spot again, and he was so angry that the green tendons on his forehead collapsed.
雷木拍拍他的手臂，表示自己已经没事。 Raimu patted him on the arm, indicating that he was fine.
王叶气，红着眼睛说：“你上次都没跟我提这件事，你到底还隐瞒了我多少？”
Wang Ye was angry, and said with red eyes: "You didn't mention this matter to me last time, how much did you hide from me?" ”
雷木摸摸他的脑袋。 Remu stroked his head.
王叶还是很生气，当然不是气雷木，他是气自己不能帮到雷木，更恨撒家人对雷木的狠毒无情残忍刻薄。
Wang Ye was still very angry, of course he was not angry with Lei Mu, he was angry that he couldn't help Lei Mu, and he hated the Sa family for being ruthless, cruel and mean to Lei Mu.
闻笛也在旁边帮腔：“阿木，你的事，以前你瞒着小叶子也就算了，但以后，你该告诉他的还是要告诉他。他又不是真的承受不住的小孩子，相反，有些事让他知道，对你对他都好。”
Wen Di also helped beside him: "Amu, your business, you used to hide it from Xiao Yezi, but in the future, you should tell him or tell him." He is not really a child who can't bear it, on the contrary, there are some things that let him know and are good for you and him. ”
王叶那古怪的奇遇，注定他的人生必将和他们两人纠缠在一起，他们的恩怨也势必会联系到王叶身上。而小叶子更知道十三年后他们的遭遇，如果小叶子能多知道一些他们两人的事，说不定能从中得到某些启发，让他们及时避开某些危险。
Wang Ye's strange adventures are destined to be entangled with the two of them in his life, and their grievances are bound to be linked to Wang Ye. And Xiao Yezi knows more about what happened to them thirteen years later, if Xiao Yezi can know more about the two of them, maybe he can get some inspiration from it, so that they can avoid some dangers in time.
闻笛没把这话说得太透，但在场三人没有一个笨蛋，自然都听出来了。
Wen Di didn't say this too thoroughly, but none of the three people present were stupid, so they naturally heard it.
王叶当即道：“就是，就不该瞒我，以后你有什么事千万别瞒我。”
Wang Ye immediately said: "That is, you shouldn't hide it from me, don't hide anything from me in the future." ”
雷木忍不住揪了揪小孩的耳朵，“小控制狂。” Lei Mu couldn't help but pinch the child's ear, "Little control freak." ”
王叶哼唧一声。控制狂就控制狂，他恨不得把雷木、师父还有他姑都装在虫巢里，天天看着才好。
Wang Ye snorted. A control freak is a control maniac, and he can't wait to put Lei Mu, Master, and his aunt in the worm nest and watch it every day.
闻笛接着道：“那魔法阵用的是隐形墨水，如果不是我，恐怕别人都无法发现阿木身上被刻有这个魔法阵，且至少已经被刻有十年左右。那时雷木才多大？而让这个魔法阵维持的能源，就是雷木自身。”
Wen Di continued: "That magic array is made of invisible ink, if it weren't for me, I'm afraid no one else would have been able to find out that Amu was engraved with this magic array, and it has been engraved for at least ten years or so." How old was Remu then? And the energy that sustains this magic array is Thunderwood itself. ”
王叶冷不丁道：“那个撒奇尔多大来着？” Wang Ye said coldly: "How old is that Thatcher? ”
闻笛：“今年十五。” Wen Di: "This year is fifteen. ”
王叶冷哼。也就是说撒家在他们小儿子五岁开始就在打雷木的注意，极有可能那个病娇能从五岁活到十三岁，靠的就是雷木身上的生命力转移魔法阵。
Wang Ye snorted coldly. In other words, the Sa family has been paying attention to Lei Mu since their youngest son was five years old, and it is very likely that that sick Jiao can live from five years old to thirteen years old, relying on the vitality transfer magic array on Lei Mu's body.
“怪不得他们一直没有动手杀了木木，原来是把木木当做了血包。”王叶恨极了，飙了一堆脏话，被闻笛师父瞪了，雷木更直接捏住了他的嘴，不让他再飙脏话。
"No wonder they haven't killed Mu Mu all the time, it turns out that Mu Mu is used as a blood bag." Wang Ye hated it very much, and he hurried a bunch of swearing, and was glared at by Master Wendi, and Lei Mu directly pinched his mouth to prevent him from swearing again.
王叶生闷气：“师父，您破坏了这个魔法阵，对吗？” Wang Ye sulked: "Master, you destroyed this magic array, right?" ”
“当然。如果我没发现也就算了，既然发现怎么还可能让我的恩人背着这样一个十分不利于他的魔法阵。”闻老大带着点傲意道：“我不但破坏了这个魔法阵，我还在破坏前先修改了它，让它从传输变成反吸收。”
"Of course. If I don't find out, forget it, since I found out, how could I still let my benefactor carry such a magic array that is very unfavorable to him. Boss Wen said with a little pride: "Not only did I destroy this magic array, but I also modified it before destroying it, so that it changed from transmission to anti-absorption." ”
“干得好！”王叶跳起来用力挥拳。 "Well done!" Wang Ye jumped up and punched hard.
闻笛幽幽道：“但这之后，原本只是追捕雷木的人就变成了追杀。”
Wen Di said quietly: "But after that, the person who was originally just chasing Lei Mu became a chase. ”
王叶恨得磨牙：“怎么没直接把那个吸血鬼给弄死！” Wang Ye grinded his teeth in hatred: "Why didn't you kill that vampire directly!" ”
“那边的反应也不慢，我这边刚修改了魔法阵没多久，大概那边的身体太差，只要有一点变化就很明显，加上身边肯定有一堆人守着护着，发现不对就立刻断开了两个魔法阵之间的连接。”闻笛也一副惋惜的语调。
"The reaction over there is not slow, I just modified the magic array not long after that, probably the body over there is too poor, as long as there is a little change, it is obvious, plus there must be a bunch of people around to guard and protect, and if I find something wrong, I immediately disconnect the connection between the two magic arrays." Wen Di also had a regretful tone.
虽然撒奇尔在某种程度也很值得同情，从小病歪歪的孩子，多可怜？
Although Thatcher is also worthy of sympathy to a certain extent, how pitiful is a child who has been sick and crooked since childhood?
可闻笛曾经亲眼见过这个孩子是怎么对待他亲兄长雷木。他是真对那孩子生不出半点同情。不用阴谋手段对付撒奇尔，已经是看在对方是个未成年份上，还有就是他的骄傲不允许他做出违反自己道德底线的事。
Ke Wendi had seen with his own eyes how this child treated his own brother Leimu. He really couldn't sympathize with that child. didn't use conspiracy to deal with Thatcher, it was already because the other party was a young man, and his pride did not allow him to do things that violated his moral bottom line.
随后，闻笛就把他亲眼见到撒奇尔如何对待他兄长的一幕，也跟王叶说了。
Later, Wen Di also told Wang Ye about the scene he had seen with his own eyes how Thatcher treated his brother.
“我也不知道那小毒豺是怎么被教育出来的，在我毁掉阿木身上那个生命力转移魔法阵后，那小毒豺竟然亲自带着一帮打手来追杀阿木。而且还被他用血脉魔法真的找到了阿木。”
"I don't know how that little poison jackal was educated, after I destroyed the life force transfer magic array on Amu's body, that little poison jackal actually personally led a group of thugs to hunt down Amu. And he really found Amu with bloodline magic. ”
当那小毒豺找到雷木时，竟然指着雷木的鼻子破口大骂，骂他只顾自己，不顾他这个兄弟。骂雷木既然那么健康，分他这个弟弟一点生命力又怎样。又骂雷木反过来窃取他的生命力，不是东西是畜生。
When the little poisonous jackal found Lei Mu, he pointed at Lei Mu's nose and scolded him, scolding him for only caring about himself and ignoring him as a brother. Scolding Lei Mu that since he is so healthy, what about sharing his younger brother's vitality. He also scolded Lei Mu for stealing his life force in turn, not a thing but a beast.
最可笑又可恨的是，那小毒豺竟然还看不起自己的兄长，说如果不是因为只有在雷木身上刻这个生命力转移魔法阵效果最好，他一点都不想让魔种的生命力沾污自己。
The most ridiculous and hateful thing is that the little poisonous jackal actually looked down on his brother, saying that if it weren't for the fact that only carving this vitality transfer magic array on Lei Mu's body had the best effect, he didn't want the vitality of the demon seed to stain himself at all.
最后撒奇尔竟然命令雷木，让他跟自己乖乖回去，说雷木生出来的唯一作用就是随时为他奉献，说雷木能活到现在全都是因为雷木对他有用，还说为他奉献就是雷木的荣誉。
In the end, Thatchir actually ordered Lei Mu to go back with him, saying that the only role of Lei Mu was born was to dedicate himself to him at any time, saying that Lei Mu can live until now because Lei Mu is useful to him, and that dedicating to him is Lei Mu's honor.
王叶气到极点，脸上反而没有了任何表情，只是他的眼眸幽深至极，原本茶色的眼珠也跟瞳孔一样转成了幽黑。
Wang Ye was so angry that there was no expression on his face, but his eyes were extremely deep, and the original brown eyes turned black like his pupils.
闻笛说他那时在旁边都要听吐了，但雷木不想让他露面。
Wen Di said that he was going to vomit when he was around, but Lei Mu didn't want him to show up.
毕竟撒家背后是整个银月帝国，闻笛只有一个人，身后虽还有一个双月学校，但这个身份反而不好随便动用，因为一旦引起两个庞然大物的争端，闻笛就成罪人了。
After all, behind the Sajia is the entire Silver Moon Empire, and there is only one person in Wendi, although there is a Bimoon School behind him, but this identity is not easy to use casually, because once it causes a dispute between the two behemoths, Wendi will become a sinner.
但闻笛也不是什么事都没做，他身为八级的药帅和八级魔法阵宗师，想要教训几个人还不容易？
But Wen Di didn't do nothing, as an eighth-level medicine marshal and an eighth-level magic array grandmaster, it was not easy to teach a few people?
撒奇尔和他带来的人吃了大亏，不得不逃走。 Thatcher and the men he brought with him suffered a great loss and had to flee.
可惜对面也有高手暗中隐藏保护，让闻笛无法彻底废掉撒奇尔，以至于让那个小毒豺意识清醒地活到今天，期间还不知道这个小毒豺又祸害了多少人。
It's a pity that there are also masters on the other side who secretly hide and protect, so that Wendi can't completely abolish Sakir, so that the little poisonous jackal lives to this day consciously, and I don't know how many people this little poisonous jackal has harmed during this period.
“我亲眼见到亲耳听到那小毒豺的扭曲和恶毒，我只要没有失智加失忆，怎么可能去收那小毒豺为弟子？”闻笛想起来就感到恶心。
"I have seen with my own eyes and heard with my own ears the distortion and viciousness of that little poisonous jackal, as long as I don't have dementia and amnesia, how can I take that little poisonous jackal as a disciple?" I feel sick when I think about it.
这样的人，他的好友布鲁竟然还想塞给他。 Such a person, his friend Blue even wanted to stuff it into him.
也许布鲁是真不清楚对方的为人？闻笛打算晚上去找布鲁谈谈，他虽然已经有了离开双月的心，但他还是比较看重这份友情，如果可以，他并不想走到和布鲁背道而驰的地步。
Maybe Blue really doesn't know what the other party is? Wen Di plans to talk to Blue in the evening, although he already has the heart to leave Shuangyue, he still values this friendship more, if he can, he doesn't want to go against Blue.
王叶心想自己也不是什么好东西，上辈子他师父怎么就收下他了？
Wang Ye thought to himself that he was not a good thing, why did his master accept him in his previous life?
可惜这个问题的答案，他恐怕永远也无法知道了。 It's a pity that the answer to this question will never be known to him.
其实王叶如果现在就对闻笛问出这个问题，闻笛立刻就会给他一部分答案：因为你重情，因为你已经给自己划了一条底线。
In fact, if Wang Ye asks Wen Di this question now, Wen Di will immediately give him a partial answer: because you are affectionate, because you have already drawn a bottom line for yourself.
“师父，我一定会打败那个撒奇葩。”王叶微笑：“但我不会现在就杀死他，我会等到他十八岁，也许再等几年也可以。”
"Master, I will definitely defeat that Sachiba." Wang Ye smiled: "But I won't kill him now, I will wait until he is eighteen years old, maybe a few more years." ”
闻笛挑眉。你小子想干什么？ Wen Di raised his eyebrows. What do you kid want to do?
王叶没管闻笛师父和木木会怎么想他，这就是最真实的他。
Wang Ye didn't care what Master Wendi and Mu Mu would think of him, this was the most real him.
雷木、闻笛师父，还有他姑，在他心中是绝不可碰的三片逆鳞。
Lei Mu, Master Wendi, and his aunt are three reverse scales that must not be touched in his heart.
撒家人，撒埃德夫妻，还有他们的宝贝小儿子撒奇尔敢这么对待他的木木，就算雷木亲口跟他说他原谅了那一家人，他也绝不会放过那家人！
The Sa family, the Saeed couple, and their precious youngest son Thatchir dared to treat his Mumu like this, even if Lei Mu personally told him that he forgave that family, he would never let that family go!
撒奇尔不是特别在乎自己的资质和身体健康吗？他不是特别喜欢转移别人的好东西到自己身上吗？
Didn't Thatchir care much about his qualifications and health? Doesn't he particularly like to transfer other people's good things to himself?
他也不会做别的，顶多就是以其人之道还治其人之身。 He will not do anything else, at most he will govern others the way he does.
雷木神色复杂：“小叶子，撒奇尔是我的事，你不用……”
Lei Mu's expression was complicated: "Little Yezi, Thatchir is my business, you don't have to ......"
“木木，我以为你的恩怨就是我的恩怨，别人欺负你，就是欺负我。还是你觉得如果有人欺辱我，你只会在一边看着，让我自己解决？”
"Mu Mu, I thought that your grievances were my grievances, and when others bullied you, they bullied me. Or do you think that if someone bullies me, you will just watch from the sidelines and let me figure it out myself? ”
雷木刚要说什么。 Raimu was about to say something.
王叶手一抬，捂住他的嘴，抢着说道：“何况我不只是为了你，我也是为了我自己。师父是我的，我怎么能让那样一个小人渣去染指我闻笛师父？”
Wang Ye raised his hand, covered his mouth, and hurriedly said, "What's more, I'm not just for you, I'm also for myself." Master is mine, how can I let such a little scum get my hands on Master Wendi? ”
闻笛老大抬脚就踹了小孩的凳子一脚：“别乱用词。” Wendi Boss raised his foot and kicked the child's stool: "Don't use words indiscriminately. ”
王叶嘿嘿笑，屁股挪动椅子发出吱嘎声。 Wang Ye laughed, and his butt squeaked as he moved the chair.
“好男儿就要坐有坐相。别坐得跟流氓一样。”闻笛又踢了凳子一下。
"A good man has to sit and sit. Don't sit like a hooligan. Wen Di kicked the stool again.
王叶抵触心一起，顺势倒进了雷木怀里，还嘀嘀咕咕抱怨：“木木，你看咱师父，之前还对我温言软语，现在知道我这个徒弟肯定跑不掉了，就开始暴露他残忍严厉的一面。你都不知道，上辈子他管我管得多严，还动不动就惩罚我，罚得我好多次都想判出师门。”
Wang Ye resisted together, fell into Lei Mu's arms, and muttered and complained: "Mu Mu, you see our master, he used to speak softly to me, but now he knows that my apprentice will definitely not be able to escape, and he begins to expose his cruel and stern side." You don't know how strict he was with me in his previous life, and he punished me at every turn, and punished me many times to the point that I wanted to be sentenced out of the school. ”
“你说什么？”闻笛幽幽问。 "What did you say?" Wen Di asked quietly.
王叶脑袋一转，直接把自己的头埋进雷木怀里了。他怂！
Wang Ye turned his head and buried his head directly in Lei Mu's arms. He's cowardly!
雷木乐，揉了揉那毛茸茸的小脑袋。 Lei Mule rubbed his little furry head.
闻笛轻骂了一声：“小兔崽子！” Wen Di scolded lightly: "Little rabbit cub! ”
乾明副校长终于等到闻笛从雷木和王叶的休息室里出来了。
Vice Principal Qianming finally waited for Wen Di to come out of Lei Mu and Wang Ye's lounge.
“闻笛教授。”乾副校长拦住了闻笛去路。 "Professor Wendi." Vice Principal Qian blocked Wen Di's way.
闻笛对乾副校长点头，微笑：“好久不见。这次陨星带队的人是你？”
Wen Di nodded to Vice Principal Qian and smiled: "Long time no see." You're the one leading the team this time? ”
乾副校长拉着脸，特公事公办地说：“对，就是我。很高兴看到闻教授能莅临我校临时驻扎点，刚才本人有点事要忙，疏于接待了，还请闻教授莫怪。”
Vice President Qian pulled his face and said officially: "Yes, it's me." I am very glad to see Professor Wen come to our temporary station, just now I was a little busy and neglected to receive it, and please don't blame Professor Wen. ”
闻笛不在意地笑：“没事，你忙你的，我就是来看看我徒弟。”
Wen Di smiled nonchalantly: "It's okay, you're busy with you, I'm just here to see my apprentice." ”
等等！怎么就成你徒弟了？你之前在外面不是还不承认的吗？
Wait a minute! How did you become your apprentice? Didn't you still admit it when you were out there before?
乾副校长是真吃惊，所以他吃惊的模样完全不必伪装，客套话也扔到一边，直接道：“闻教授的弟子怎么会在我们学校？您是不是跑错地方了？”
Vice Principal Qian was really surprised, so he didn't have to disguise his surprised appearance at all, and threw aside the polite words, and said directly: "How can Professor Wen's disciple be in our school?" Are you in the wrong place? ”
闻笛勾起唇角：“有没有跑错地方，你我心知肚明。好了，乾明，我们也是老相识了，表面的虚伪话，我们也就不用说了。我还有点事，先走。等我把手头杂事处理完，我再来看我徒弟。好好待他，不要刻薄他哦。”
Wen Di hooked the corners of his lips: "Whether you ran in the wrong place, you and I know it." Okay, Qianming, we are also old acquaintances, and we don't need to talk about the hypocrisy on the surface. I've got a little bit of something to do, so let's go first. When I'm done with the chores at hand, I'll come back to see my apprentice. Treat him well and don't be mean to him. ”
“刻薄个屁！那是我们学校的学生！”乾副校长咆哮。 "Mean fart! That's a student at our school! Vice Principal Qian roared.
闻笛：“嗯，我知道，你不用再三跟我声明这点。回见。”
Wendi: "Well, I know, you don't have to tell me about it again and again. See you later. ”
“闻笛，你既然知道王叶是我校学生，你也应该明白有些事不能过界。以后在没有正式邀请下，希望闻教授不会再出现在我校的临时驻扎点。如果引起守护者误会，后果就请自负了。”乾副校长冷冷道。
"Wen Di, since you know that Wang Ye is a student of our school, you should also understand that there are some things that cannot be crossed. In the future, without a formal invitation, I hope that Professor Wen will not appear in the temporary stationing site of our university again. If you cause misunderstanding among the Guardians, you will be responsible for the consequences. Vice Principal Qian said coldly.
闻笛没回话，挥挥手潇洒而去。便宜他占了，让人说两句又不会少块肉。
Wen Di didn't reply, waved his hand and walked away. He took advantage of it, so that people would not lose a piece of meat when they said a few words.
乾副校长：妈的忍无可忍！你厉害就了不起吗？竟然挖墙脚挖到我家来了！
Vice Principal: Damn, I can't bear it! Are you amazing? They dug into the foot of the wall and dug into my house!
还有那个小兔崽子呢？他是暴露了多少，竟然才两个小时不到的工夫就把闻笛那个高傲的家伙给拿下了？
And what about that little bunny? How much did he expose to take down the arrogant guy Wendi in less than two hours?
乾副校长都不知道自己是该生气好，还是该为自家学生骄傲好。
Vice Principal Qian didn't know whether he should be angry or proud of his students.
不管如何，他都得找那个小兔崽子谈谈。 Either way, he's going to have to talk to that little bunny.
王叶面对找上门的副校长大人，特别淡定。 Wang Ye was very calm in the face of the vice principal who came to the door.
“哦，是啊，我拜了闻笛师父为师父，他也同意了，现在就差一道手续。”
"Oh, yes, I worshipped Master Wendi as Master, and he agreed, now there is a formality."
“什么手续？”乾副校长告诉自己千万别生气，一定要对小孩温柔温和温暖温情慈祥无比。
"What formalities?" Vice Principal Qian told himself not to be angry, and to be gentle and gentle with children, warm and kind.
王叶仰起头，对着副校长“憨厚”一笑：“当然是把闻笛师父勾到我们学校的手续啊。”
Wang Ye raised his head and smiled at the vice principal: "Of course, it is the procedure for hooking Master Wendi to our school." ”
乾副校长：嗯？嗯！ Vice Principal Qian: Huh? Well!
“好孩子，有志气！这才是我们陨星的宝贝蛋该有的风采！”乾副校长超级欣慰，连连轻拍宝贝蛋的肩膀，看王小叶的目光就跟看亲儿子一样。
"Good boy, ambitious! This is the demeanor of our baby eggs of the falling star! Vice Principal Qian was super pleased, and patted Baodan's shoulder again and again, looking at Wang Xiaoye's gaze as if he were looking at his own son.
“王小叶同学，来，跟我说说你有什么计划，需不需要学校配合你啊？”乾副校长现在的声音真的是要有多温柔就有多温柔。
"Classmate Wang Xiaoye, come, tell me what plans you have, do you need the school to cooperate with you?" Vice President Qian's voice now is really as gentle as it should be.
“要啊。我打算参加制药专业的挑战赛。” "Yes. I plan to participate in the Pharmaceutical Professional Challenge. ”
“好，没问题。”乾副校长刚答应，忽然觉得有点不对劲：“等等，我记得你报的三个专业大比分别是卷轴、驭虫和培植，对不对？”
"Okay, no problem." As soon as Vice Principal Qian agreed, he suddenly felt that something was wrong: "Wait, I remember that the three major competitions you applied for were scrolls, insect control, and cultivation, right?" ”
“对啊。” "That's right."
“而你除了这三个专业大比，现在你还告诉我，你还要去挑战制药专业的第一名？”
"And in addition to your three majors, now you tell me that you are going to challenge the first place in the pharmaceutical major?"
“对。不止挑战第一名，还会接受闻笛教授的考验。”王小叶可诚实地道。
"Yes. Not only will you challenge the first place, but you will also be tested by Professor Wendi. "Wang Xiaoye can be honest.
乾副校长：“……我知道你会炼制药剂，上次你在学校还打败了魔药学院一年级一个能炼制三级药剂的小天才。”
Vice Principal Qian: "...... I know you can refine potions, and last time you defeated a young genius in the first year of Potions Academy who could refine third-level potions at school. ”
“嗯，没错，那就是我。” "Well, yes, that's me."
“但你要知道，炼药专业大比的第一名，很可能就是那个撒奇尔，据说他炼制四级药剂的成功率很高。”
"But you have to know that the first place in the big competition of the alchemy profession is likely to be that Thatcher, and it is said that he has a high success rate in refining fourth-level potions."
“哦，我也不差啊。”王小叶大咧咧地拍胸脯：“副校长，您就相信我吧，小的保证不会给学校丢脸。”
"Oh, I'm not bad either." Wang Xiaoye patted his chest with a grin: "Vice principal, just believe me, the little one promises not to disgrace the school." ”
乾副校长：你要我怎么相信你？四门啊，你这是要疯啊。
Vice Principal: How do you want me to trust you? Simen, you're going crazy.
可乾副校长看着王小叶的眼睛，什么话都说不出来了。 Vice Principal Ke Qian looked at Wang Xiaoye's eyes and couldn't say anything.
他忽然觉得，也许这孩子真的能做到，他能四门都兼顾，说不定也真的能把那个闻笛给勾到他们学校来。
He suddenly felt that maybe this kid could really do it, he could take care of all four subjects, and maybe he could really hook that Wendi to their school.
如果这孩子真做到了…… If this kid really did......
乾副校长默默咽了口口水，这事太大，他有点兜不住了。
Vice Principal Qian swallowed silently, this matter is too big, he can't hold it back.
不说王小叶暴露了他的超绝天赋，其他学校会怎么看这孩子，是想提前灭掉他，还是想勾走他。
Not to mention that Wang Xiaoye exposed his superb talent, what would other schools think of this child, whether they wanted to kill him in advance or seduce him.
光只是那个闻笛有可能被小家伙勾到他们学校来这件事，以他的名望和实力，绝对兜不住。
Just the fact that Wen Di might be hooked to their school by the little guy, with his fame and strength, he definitely can't hold back.
双月学校绝对会爆。 Bi-monthly school will definitely explode.
得喊校长了！ Gotta shout the principal!
第196章 打赌 Chapter 196: Bet
当晚，闻笛还没有去找布鲁，布鲁校长先来找他了。 That night, Wen Di hadn't gone to look for Blue, and Principal Blue came to him first.
布鲁校长态度恳切，先是摆出朋友姿态，开玩笑地说自己前面太想当然，希望闻笛能看在老朋友的份上原谅他的安排。
Principal Blue was earnest, first posing as a friend, jokingly saying that he had taken it for granted, and hoped that Wen Di would forgive him for the sake of his old friend.
闻笛也一副我们是好朋友，万事好商量的态度。 Wen Di also has the attitude that we are good friends and everything is easy to discuss.
双方气氛友好，一起坐着喝了一壶红茶。等布鲁校长拿着一个卷轴离开时，脸上再无一点阴霾，对闻笛这位老友真的是满意得不得了，觉得他太善解人意了。
The atmosphere of the two sides was friendly, and they sat together and drank a pot of black tea. When Principal Blue left with a scroll, there was no haze on his face, and he was really satisfied with Wendi's old friend, and felt that he was too understanding.
闻笛也笑，一个响指就把布鲁刚刚用过的茶杯和茶壶都变成了粉末。
Wen Di also laughed, and with a snap of his fingers, the teacup and teapot that Blue had just used turned into powder.
次日清晨，双月魔法学校就正式公开了一条消息。 Early the next morning, the Twin Moon School of Magic officially released a message.
八级药帅闻笛教授打算在这次各校大比中收一名亲传弟子，条件很简单，就是参加炼药专业大比，通过闻笛教授亲手布置的考验。
Professor Wen Di, the eighth-level medicine handsome, plans to accept a personal disciple in this competition of various schools, and the condition is very simple, that is, to participate in the professional competition of medicine refining and pass the test arranged by Professor Wen Di himself.
布鲁校长暗中把撒奇尔叫来，拿出一个卷轴递给他：“这是这次闻笛教授的出题范围，里面的题目涵盖了药学、医学一级到六级。你可以拿回去看一看，尽快做好准备。”
Principal Blue secretly called Thatcher over, took out a scroll and handed it to him: "This is the scope of Professor Wendi's questions this time, and the topics in it cover pharmacy and medicine from level 1 to level 6. You can take it back and have a look at it and get ready as soon as possible. ”
撒奇尔露出感激之色：“谢谢校长，让您为我费心了。”
Thatcher looked grateful: "Thank you, Headmaster, for bothering me." ”
布鲁校长亲切地拍了拍少年的肩膀：“以我和你父亲的交情，你说这个就太客气了。你眼光很好，闻笛教授是当世最出色的药师，也是最有可能在近期就能踏入药王之境的药师。如果你能成为他的弟子，他也能成为你的指导教授，对你们两人来说，都是一件大好事。也是我校的光荣。”
Principal Blue patted the young man on the shoulder affectionately: "With my friendship with your father, it would be too polite for you to say this. You have a good eye, Professor Wen Di is the best pharmacist in the world, and he is also the pharmacist who is most likely to step into the realm of the medicine king in the near future. If you can become his disciple, he can also become your advisor, and it will be a great thing for both of you. It is also the glory of our school. ”
撒奇尔到底还是一个十五岁的少年，他就算想要掩饰，也在布鲁校长的连吹带捧下，忍不住露出了一丝傲气。
Thatcher was still a fifteen-year-old boy after all, even if he wanted to hide it, he couldn't help but show a trace of arrogance under the praise of Principal Blue.
是啊，他可是未来的银月帝国帝王，能收他为亲传弟子，闻笛教授一定会觉得很有面子。
Yes, he is the future emperor of the Silver Moon Empire, and if he can accept him as a personal disciple, Professor Wen Di will definitely feel very embarrassed.
同样，他现在也需要闻笛教授这样的超凡者界大佬为他增添声势，尤其在他知道……
In the same way, he now needs a Transcendent Realm boss like Professor Wendi to add to his momentum, especially if he knows ......
“校长，我听说昨天下午有个陨星的学生追着闻笛教授叫师父，闻笛教授还去了陨星的临时驻扎点，待了将近两个小时才出来。”
"Headmaster, I heard that yesterday afternoon, a student of the Meteorite chased Professor Wen Di and called Master, and Professor Wen Di also went to the temporary camp of the Meteorite and stayed for nearly two hours before coming out."
布鲁校长闻言笑道：“你说这事啊，我跟闻笛教授聊过，他不认识那小孩，但他认识那小孩的兄长，那小孩兄长曾经在无意间帮过闻笛教授一点忙，闻笛就赠送了他一本自己写的药书。那小孩大约就是跟着那本药书学了一点制药之术，年纪又小不懂事，看到闻笛就追着他喊师父了。”
Principal Blue smiled when he heard this: "You said this, I talked to Professor Wen Di, he didn't know the child, but he knew the child's brother, the child's brother once inadvertently helped Professor Wen Di a little, Wen Di gave him a medicine book he wrote. The kid probably learned a little bit of pharmaceutical skills from the medicine book, and he was young and ignorant, so he chased after him and called Master when he saw Wen Di. ”
“原来如此。”撒奇尔放心了。 "I see." Thatcher was relieved.
布鲁校长：“那小孩才九岁，就算有点天分，也完全不会是你的对手，而且我问过了，他并没有报炼药专业的大比。你现在的重点就是好好去看这卷轴中出的题目，不说全部解答出来，至少也要能破解一半。闻笛教授收徒的条件已经公开，到时肯定会有一些学生和你竞争，到时肯定是谁做出来更多、更准确……”
Principal Blue: "That kid is only nine years old, even if he has a little talent, he will not be your opponent at all, and I asked, he didn't apply for a big competition in alchemy." Your focus now is to take a good look at the questions in this scroll, not to mention solving all the problems, but at least half of them must be solved. Professor Wendi's conditions for accepting apprentices have been made public, and there will definitely be some students competing with you, and there will definitely be who will make more and more accurate ......."
“我明白！我不会浪费校长您的苦心，闻笛教授的亲传弟子只会是我。”撒奇尔急着回去找人一起研究这些题目，匆忙告辞。
"I understand! I won't waste your hard work, Principal, Professor Wendi's personal disciple will only be me. Thatcher hurried back to find someone to study these subjects with, and hurriedly took his leave.
布鲁校长看着撒奇尔的背影，脸上笑意逐渐消失，眼神晦暗不明。
Principal Blue looked at Thatcher's back, the smile on his face fading away, and his eyes were dark.
闻笛那个人有多骄傲，他又不是不知道。 He didn't know how proud that person was.
现在闻笛看在他的面子上，拿出了他的考验出题范围，但闻笛肯定不希望他未来的亲传弟子拿着这份卷轴去通过他的考验。
Now Wen Di looked at his face and took out the scope of his test, but Wen Di definitely didn't want his future personal disciple to pass his test with this scroll.
可以说当撒奇尔拿走这份卷轴后，他就不可能让闻笛对他打开心门，何况闻笛对那位第三继承人的过往似乎很了解，对撒奇尔相当讨厌。
如此，闻笛就算看在他和学校的面子上收下撒奇尔，也不可能教他多少。
可撒奇尔却将一直被冠以闻笛亲传弟子的名义，以后撒奇尔要是对双月做什么不利之事，首先就能被舆论骂死。
布鲁校长叹息，可惜撒奇尔死活非要闻笛当他的指导教授，如果他愿意接受别人，他就能让那个人多多笼络这个第三继承人，如果能笼络到撒奇尔对他们言听计从的地步，那最好。如果不能，最少也要把这继承人给教废掉，还得是慢慢废，不能让银月帝国那边看出来。
布鲁校长可以这样要求别人，却无法也这样要求闻笛，就闻笛那眼睛里揉不进沙子的性子，能看在他面子上收下撒奇尔就不错了，其他就别多求了。
离开校长室的撒奇尔原本还想亲自去教训和警告那个陨星的学生，但现在他没空，只能找了四个狗腿子之一，让他去给那小孩一点教训。
王叶压根就没出门，让想找他、教训他的人都扑了个空。
王叶在干嘛呢？
他正在做各种好吃的，什么油炸臭豆腐啦、螺蛳粉啦、榴莲火锅啦、虾酱饼啦、麻辣兔头、还有凉拌皮蛋剁椒鱼头等等等。
他一边做，雷木和金宝他们就在一边品尝。
金宝闻到臭豆腐，被臭得不住后退，看着雷木爸爸一口一块，小眼睛瞪得溜圆。
小光倒是接受良好，还招呼小树人一起来吃。
小树人用树枝叉起一块臭豆腐，直接塞到了树根下面……
王叶看雷木吃得高兴，他就高兴：“木木，你的口味和闻笛师父好像，他也喜欢吃这些口味重的食物。”
“确实很好吃。再多放点辣。”雷木发现他现在是越来越离不开小叶子了，小叶子太会做吃的了。
“好嘞！”
站在厨房外的疯药王拉着脸，不住嘀咕世风日下人心不古，小混蛋偏心什么的。
靳蜘蛛忍不住道：“他没让你出去卖艺下面条就算不错了。”
疯药王瞥靳蜘蛛。人啊，果然需要对比，和靳蜘蛛的待遇一相比，疯药王顿时自愈了九成。
正在虫巢里忙得热火朝天给他闻笛师父准备美食的王小叶完全不知道，虫老和兰道教授也来了，还是连夜赶来。
“那小兔崽子呢？”虫老黑着脸问。
乾副校长满头冷汗，赶忙拦住这位大佬。他后悔了，他应该先问过王小叶，再考虑要不要给这两位发信。
Vice Principal Qian was covered in cold sweat and hurriedly stopped the big guy. He regretted it, he should have asked Wang Xiaoye first, and then consider whether to send a letter to these two.
现在好了，这两位来了，要是不让小家伙去挑战撒奇尔，那把闻笛教授勾过来的计划不也要浪费了？
兰道要比虫老文雅得多，只是他的清淡笑容让乾明副校长更加小腿肚打颤。
“王小叶呢？我们都来了，他人躲哪儿去了？”
“咳，王小叶同学正在备赛。两位，如今正是大比即将开始的紧要关头，有什么事不如等小孩考完再说？”
两位大佬同时用怀疑的眼神瞟向乾副校长。
虫老：“你着急忙慌地连发了两封魔法信催促我们过来，现在我们来了，你又让我们不要打扰那小兔崽子？”
兰道：“在你发信给我们到我们到达的这段时间，是不是发生了什么事情？小叶子还好吗？”
Landau: "Did something happen between the time you sent us the letter and the time we arrived?" Is Little Leaf okay? ”
乾明副校长被两位大佬的眼神看得浑身发毛，连声说：“放心放心，小家伙没事，他好好的，他真的在备赛。”
Vice Principal Qianming was furious by the eyes of the two bigwigs, and said repeatedly: "Don't worry, the little guy is fine, he's fine, he's really preparing for the game." ”
混蛋校长怎么还不来？乾副校长在心中咆哮。 Why hasn't the bastard principal come yet? Vice President Qian roared in his heart.
如果校长来了他就不用这么为难和痛苦了。他真的镇不住这二位啊！
If the headmaster came, he wouldn't have to be so embarrassed and miserable. He really can't stop these two!
就在这时，陨星小楼外面突然传来喧哗声。 At this moment, there was a sudden commotion outside the Meteorite Building.
三位大佬走到窗前一看，就见一群穿着双月校服的学生正在冲着他们陨星的学生嚷嚷。
The three bigwigs walked to the window and saw a group of students in bilunar uniforms yelling at their meteorite students.
“让那个小孩出来！” "Let that kid out!"
“那小孩哪来的厚脸皮竟然缠着我们闻笛教授叫师父，他也配？”
"Where did that kid come from, and he actually pestered us Professor Wendi to call Master, and he deserves it?"
“告诉那小孩，让他离我们闻笛教授远一点，如果他再敢纠缠我们教授，小心我们对他不客气！”
"Tell that kid to stay away from our Professor Wendi, and if he dares to pester our professor again, be careful that we are not polite to him!"
“你们陨星是不是留不住人啊，那小孩不是你们陨星的学生吗，怎么会追着我们学校的教授叫师父？该不会是你们学校没有优秀的魔药教授？真可悲啊。”
"Isn't your meteorite unable to keep people, isn't that kid a student of your meteorite, how can he chase the professor of our school and call him Master? Could it be that your school doesn't have a good Potions professor? It's sad. ”
“如果你们陨星真的不行，那小孩又一心想投奔我们学校的话，我们也不是不能考虑。”
"If you really can't do it, and the kid wants to go to our school, we can't think about it."
“考虑什么呀。我们学校又不是垃圾场，什么人来都收。你们以为像撒奇尔少爷那样的天才全双月星有几个？”
"What are you thinking about? Our school is not a garbage dump, and anyone can collect it. How many geniuses do you think there are like Master Thatcher? ”
“就是，我们闻笛教授就算要收亲传弟子，也只会收撒奇尔少爷那样的天才。你们陨星那个毛孩子，让他有多远滚多远，有点自知之明好吗！”
"That is, even if we Professor Wendi want to accept disciples from our own family, we will only accept geniuses like Young Master Thatcher. You hairy boy of the meteorite, let him roll as far as he wants, a little self-aware, okay! ”
陨星学生气炸了，和双月学生展开对骂。其实他们之前也有点不服气王小叶，但现在是别的学校打上门来，那当然要一致对外啦。
The Meteorite student exploded and started scolding with the two-moon student. In fact, they were also a little unconvinced by Wang Xiaoye before, but now that other schools are coming to the door, of course they have to be unanimous with the outside world.
“你知道那小孩是谁吗？说出来吓死你们！” "Do you know who that kid is? Speaking out scares you to death! ”
“撒奇尔是谁我不知道，但我知道我们学校那个毛孩子要比你们都厉害一百倍！”
"I don't know who Thatcher is, but I know that hairy boy in our school is a hundred times better than all of you!"
“天才？你们知道真正的天才长什么样吗？就长我们王小叶那样！”
"Genius? Do you know what a true genius looks like? Just like our Wang Xiaoye! ”
“昨天你们还排队要买人家的药剂，今天就骂上门来。你们要不要脸啊？”
"Yesterday you were queuing up to buy other people's medicines, and today you scolded them. Do you want to be ashamed? ”
“闻笛教授是很有名气，但我们学校的大佬随便出来一个都能暴打你们学校的！”
"Professor Wendi is very famous, but any of the bigwigs in our school can beat up your school!"
“喂喂喂，大家文明吵架，不要涉及教授！”高年级生忙喊。
"Hey, hey, let's quarrel civilly, don't involve the professor!" The seniors shouted busily.
低年级生连忙捂住嘴巴，迅速改词就骂撒奇尔。 The junior students hurriedly covered their mouths and quickly changed their words to scold Thatcher.
双月的学生气得跟着回骂。 The students of the two months were so angry that they scolded back.
双方你来我往吵得热闹无比，引来其他学校好多学生围观。
The two sides quarreled so much that many students from other schools watched.
双月的学生揪着王叶主动叫师父就是不要脸这点不放。 The students of Shuangyue grabbed Wang Ye and took the initiative to call the master just shameless.
陨星的学生则嘲笑双月的学生咸吃萝卜淡操心，别人的事也要管那么宽。
The students of the Meteorite laughed at the students of the two moons for eating radishes and worrying about them, and they had to take care of other people's affairs so leniently.
但是昨天王小叶当着那么多人面追着闻笛叫师父，好多人都听到了，他们这时想不承认都不行。
But yesterday, Wang Xiaoye chased Wen Di in front of so many people and called Master, and many people heard it, and they couldn't admit it at this time.
就这点，好憋屈。 That's it, so aggrieved.
一名陨星学生被气得爆炸，当场吼出：“闻笛教授还没发话呢。说不定他为了能当我们学校超级天才学生王小叶的亲传师父，宁可离开你们双月跳到我们陨星也有可能啊！”
A meteorite student was so angry that he exploded and shouted on the spot: "Professor Wendi hasn't spoken yet." Maybe in order to be the personal master of Wang Xiaoye, a super genius student in our school, he would rather leave your two moons and jump to our meteorite! ”
“你们做梦！”双月的学生也炸了，跳着脚骂：“我们闻笛教授绝不可能去你们那个破学校，绝不可能！”
"You are dreaming!" The students of Shuangyue also exploded, jumping to their feet and scolding: "It's impossible for Professor Wendi to go to your broken school, impossible!" ”
陨星学生：“你们教授没跟你们说过吗，我们超凡者界万事皆有可能！略略略~”
Meteorite Student: "Didn't your professor tell you, anything is possible in our transcendent realm!" Slightly~"
“你们陨星好不要脸！你们敢不敢跟我们打赌，就赌这次魔药炼制大比，看是你们陨星拿第一，还是我们双月。如果你们输了，你们就得在大比上自称你们陨星的学生都是垃圾！”
"You meteors are so shameless! Do you dare to bet with us, just bet on this potion refining competition, to see if you Meteorite takes the first place, or we are the two moons. If you lose, you're going to have to call yourself the students of your meteorite all rubbish! ”
“卧槽！你们这也太过分了吧！” "! You're going too far, aren't you? ”
“你们陨星是不是不敢？不敢你们不如现在就承认你们都是垃圾！”
"Don't you fall stars? Don't you dare to admit that you are all garbage now! ”
“我受不了了，我要揍死他们！”之前还让大家文明吵架的陨星学长立刻卷袖子。
"I can't stand it anymore, I'm going to beat them to death!" The Meteorite senior, who had made everyone civilized and quarrel before, immediately rolled up his sleeves.
“别啊，学长，大比期间不能私下打斗啊！”一群陨星学生忙抱住了这位脾气暴躁的学长。
"Don't, senior, you can't fight privately during the big competition!" A group of Meteorite students hurriedly hugged the grumpy senior.
其他学校的学生不住起哄：“打啊！是男人就冲上去打，是女人也该维护学校的荣誉，打打打，不打的都是孬种。”
Students from other schools kept heckling: "Hit! If it's a man, he will rush up and fight, and if it's a woman, he should also defend the honor of the school. ”
眼看双月和陨星的学生气氛越来越火爆，双方已经有好几个人拿出了各自的魔法武器。
Seeing that the atmosphere of the students of Shuangyue and Meteor was getting hotter and hotter, several people on both sides had already taken out their own magic weapons.
暗中盯着这边的巡逻队和各校师长已经准备插手。 The patrols and division commanders who were secretly staring at this side were ready to intervene.
“你们这些双月傻叉在吵什么呢？”二楼一扇窗户打开，一大一小两名陨星学生操纵魔板飞出。小的那个飞过来，张嘴就开嘲。
"What are you bilunar fools arguing about?" A window on the second floor opened, and two meteorite students, one large and one young, manipulated the magic board and flew out. The little one flew over and opened his mouth to laugh.
“是你！你终于出现了，我还以为你要做缩头乌龟呢！”一名双月高年级生排开众人，走出来指着王叶的鼻子骂道。
"It's you! You've finally appeared, and I thought you were going to be a shrunken turtle! A two-month senior student lined up the crowd and came out and pointed at Wang Ye's nose and scolded.
王叶歪头：“你个人渣你是谁啊？” Wang Ye tilted his head: "Who are you scumbag?" ”
“你骂谁人渣？”双月高年级生暴露。 "Who are you scolding scum?" Bi-monthly upperclassmen exposed.
王叶耸肩：“谁承认谁就是，你是吗？” Wang Ye shrugged: "Whoever admits it is, are you?" ”
这种在地球被玩烂的梗，双月星的孩子显然不熟悉，那高年级生被噎住了，气道：“我看你才像人渣！”
This kind of stalk that is played rotten on the earth, the children of the double moon star are obviously unfamiliar, and the senior student was choked, and said angrily: "I think you look like a scumbag!" ”
王叶一脸同情地看着这名高年级生，道：“小孩子都不会这样吵架了，你真幼稚。”
Wang Ye looked at the senior student with a sympathetic expression, and said, "Children won't quarrel like this, you are so naïve." ”
周围传来噗噗的喷笑声。 There was a popping laugh all around.
两帮人中最小的那个竟然嘲笑比他大得多的学生幼稚，这场面也是搞笑极了。
The youngest of the two gangs actually laughed at the naivety of the student who was much older than him, and the scene was also very hilarious.
“我也认为大家不应该再耍嘴皮子。”又有一名双月高年级生走出来了，这人一张口就能感觉出与其他学生的不同，他说：“你就是昨天缠着我们闻笛教授非要叫他师父的那个小孩子吧？
"I also don't think people should play tricks anymore." Another senior student came out, and he could feel the difference from the other students as soon as he opened his mouth, and he said, "You are the kid who pestered our Professor Wendi yesterday to call him Master, right?"
不等王叶给出反应，这身材中等但眼露精光的少年就飞快说道：“既然你露面了，那事情就简单了。不知道你们有没有听说我们闻笛教授因为太多人都想做他的亲传弟子，他为了公平，今天早上刚刚公开了他的收徒要求？”
Without waiting for Wang Ye to react, the young man with a medium stature but bright eyes quickly said, "Since you have shown up, then the matter will be simple. I don't know if you have heard that Professor Wendi has just made public his request for acceptance this morning for the sake of fairness because too many people want to be his personal disciples? ”
少年把闻笛教授的收徒要求说了一遍，接着道：“现在就问你们敢不敢和我们打赌，一赌魔药专业大比的第一名，二赌闻笛教授亲传弟子的名分。”
The young man said Professor Wen Di's request to accept apprentices, and then said, "Now I will ask you if you dare to bet with us, one is the first place in the potions professional competition, and the other is the status of Professor Wen Di's own disciple." ”
“第一项比大比名次。就像我们刚才说的，谁输谁就要在大比现场所有人面前大声承认自己是垃圾。”
"The first one is a big one. Like we just said, whoever loses will have to loudly admit that they are garbage in front of everyone at the scene. ”
“第二项比是否能通过闻笛教授的考验。如果你们陨星赢了，我们撒奇尔少爷愿意代替双月赔给获胜者一枚八级魔晶并发誓永远不再纠缠闻笛教授。如果你们陨星输了，同样需要赔获胜者一枚八级魔晶，也同样不准再纠缠闻笛教授。”
"The second is whether or not you can pass the test of Professor Wendi. If you Meteor wins, we, Young Master Thatcher, are willing to compensate the winner with an eighth-level magic crystal instead of Bimoon, and swear to never pester Professor Wendi again. If you lose the Meteor, you will also need to pay the winner an eighth-level magic crystal, and you are also not allowed to pester Professor Wendi again. ”
“如何，你们敢答应吗？” "Why, do you dare to say yes?"
两校学生包括周围看热闹的人都安静下来，所有人都看着操纵魔板悬空站着的王小叶同学。
The students of the two schools, including the people around who were watching the excitement, quieted down, and everyone looked at Wang Xiaoye, who was standing in the air with the magic board.
包括正站在窗口的三位陨星大佬也都注视着这一幕。 Including the three meteorite bosses who were standing at the window, they were also watching this scene.
兰道还好说，脸上还能带着点笑意，就是在听到撒这个姓时，眼神有点冷。
Landau said that he could still have a little smile on his face, but when he heard the surname Sa, his eyes were a little cold.
可虫老脸黑得那个难看啊。 But the old face of the insect is so ugly.
王叶抬手摸了摸脖颈，奇怪，怎么凉飕飕的？ Wang Ye raised his hand and touched his neck, strange, how could it be cold?
物理性提高了自己身高的王叶略俯视地扫过对面双月学生，脸上忽然露出一抹茫然之色：“所以你们这是要跟才九岁的我比炼药吗？可我只报了三个专业，魔药炼制我没报名怎么办啊。”
Wang Ye, who had physically increased his height, glanced down at the Shuangyue student opposite, and suddenly showed a blank look on his face: "So you guys are going to compare medicine with me, who is only nine years old?" But I only applied for three majors, what should I do if I didn't sign up for potion refining. ”
雷木：就算是自家的，但他还是感到小叶子有点欠揍是怎么回事？
Reimu: Even if it's his own, he still feels that Xiao Ye is a little underbeaten, what's the matter?
众人哗然。 The crowd was in an uproar.
有的是才知道王小叶才九岁。 Some only knew that Wang Xiaoye was only nine years old.
有的则是惊讶追着闻笛喊师父的小孩竟然没有选择参加魔药炼制大比。
Some were surprised that the child who chased Wen Di and shouted at Master did not choose to participate in the potions refining competition.
更多人自然是惊讶这么一个小孩子竟然报了三项专业大比。
More people are naturally surprised that such a young child has applied for three professional competitions.
王小叶这话一出，不止是学生，连暗中守护和观察的各校大佬也惊到了。
As soon as Wang Xiaoye's words came out, not only the students, but even the bigwigs of various schools who were secretly guarding and observing were also shocked.
“有挑战赛！”看热闹的人群中有人大声叫道。 "There's a challenge!" Someone in the crowd shouted.
“对哦，有挑战赛！你可以参加魔药大比挑战赛！” "Yes, there's a challenge! You can participate in the Potions Challenge! ”
王叶继续茫然脸：“那我要是参加了挑战赛，打败了炼药第一名的话，那这个第一名到底算谁的呢？”
Wang Ye continued to look blank: "Then if I participate in the challenge and defeat the first place in alchemy, then who is this first place?" ”
“当然是赢的人！”众人大声道。 "Of course it's the one who wins!" The crowd shouted.
王叶看向双月的学生，满脸天真地问：“你们也这么认为吗？”
双月学生互看，最后还是那名中等身材的少年说：“对，我们也这么认为。不过按照规则，各校只能派出一名挑战者，而且不能车轮战，必须一起接受考验。”
The students looked at each other, and finally it was the middle-sized teenager who said, "Yes, we think so too." However, according to the rules, each school can only send one challenger, and it cannot be a wheel battle, and must be tested together. ”
“没问题，那就这么说定了，等我去挑战第一名，把第一名抢过来。”王小叶点点头。
"No problem, then it's decided, wait for me to challenge for the first place and snatch the first place." Wang Xiaoye nodded.
双月的学生皱眉，忽然有人高声问道：“你说你报了三门大比？是真的吗？”
The student of Shuangyue frowned, and suddenly someone asked in a loud voice, "You said that you applied for the three big competitions?" Is it true? ”
王叶扭头：“啊，当然是真的，我这样诚实憨厚老实的好孩子怎么会说谎？”
Wang Ye turned his head: "Ah, of course it's true, how can a good boy like me who is honest and honest lie?" ”
双月的学生忍着呕吐感，又问：“你参加的是哪三项？”
The two-month student endured the vomiting sensation and asked, "Which three did you participate in?" ”
王叶掰手指：“就是培植、卷轴和驭虫这三项，听说这三门比试内容最好玩。”
Wang Ye snapped his fingers: "It's cultivation, scrolling and insect control, I heard that these three competitions are the most interesting." ”
众学生：……好玩个屁！陨星是怎么允许让这么一个毛孩子代表陨星参加三门比试的？陨星这是想放弃这三项了吗？
Students: ...... Fun fart! How did Meteorite allow such a hairy child to represent Meteorite in the three-door competition? Is Meteorite trying to give up on these three?
比起学生们，各校大佬们就没那么天真了。 Compared with the students, the school bosses are not so naïve.
他们第一次认真打量那个一脸笑容、说话满是坑，怎么看都不像好孩子的小毛崽子。
For the first time, they took a serious look at the little hairy cub who was smiling, talking full of pits, and didn't look like a good boy no matter how they looked.
三项？三个最低三级？还想参加炼药大比的挑战赛？这小孩……得好好调查一番了。
Three? Three minimum three? Still want to participate in the challenge of the Alchemy Competition? This kid ...... We'll have to look into it.
王叶扔了炸弹，笑眯眯地跟众人摆摆手：“你们继续在这开心吧，幼稚就幼稚，不用怕别人笑。也别光大声嚷嚷，唱歌啊跳舞啊，没事都可以耍耍嘛。我要回去好好学习，准备大比了，到时打败你们，你们不要哭啊，再见~”
Wang Ye threw the bomb and waved his hand to everyone with a smile: "You guys continue to be happy here, you are naïve, you don't have to be afraid of others laughing." Don't just shout, sing, dance, you can play if you have nothing to do. I'm going to go back and study hard, I'm ready for the big competition, and then I'll defeat you, don't cry, goodbye~"
王小叶操纵魔板，又和守护他的雷木飞回了二楼。 Wang Xiaoye manipulated the magic board, and flew back to the second floor with Lei Mu, who was guarding him.
众学生：“……”忽然手痒想揍人。 Students: "......" suddenly had itchy hands and wanted to beat someone.
突然！不知从哪儿爆出一声成年人的怒吼：“人九岁的小毛孩子都知道要在这时候好好备赛，你们一个个都在这儿闹腾什么呢？真被一个毛孩子打败了，我看你们一个个都围着操场边跑边高喊自己是垃圾好了！”
Suddenly! Out of nowhere, an adult roared: "Nine-year-old little hairy children know that they have to prepare for the competition at this time, what are you all making a fuss about?" I was really defeated by a hairy boy, I see you all running around the playground and shouting that you are trash! ”
嗷！各校学生一哄而散。 Oh! The students of the various schools dispersed in a hurry.
陨星学生你看我、我看你，忽然就觉得神清气爽了。 Meteorite student, you look at me, I look at you, and suddenly I feel refreshed.
“对，我们也回去备赛。吵架这种事，太掉价了，只有幼稚的小孩子才会吵个不停。真天才，就参加大比，看结果！对了，你们那个撒奇尔少爷参加了几门大比来着？还有他多大了，是不是也才九岁啊？”
"yes, let's go back and prepare. Quarreling is such a bargain, only naïve children will quarrel non-stop. If you are a genius, you will participate in the big competition and see the results! By the way, how many big competitions did you Young Master Thatqir participate in? And how old is he, is he only nine years old? ”
陨星众学生给了双月众学生一个傲然又鄙视的眼神，齐齐转身，进入陨星小楼。
The Meteorite students gave the Shuangyue students a proud and contemptuous look, turned around in unison, and entered the Meteorite Building.
双月众学生：好气哦！明明还没开始比，怎么就感觉自己输了？
Bimonthly Students: Angry! I haven't started the competition yet, why do I feel like I've lost?
其中两名高级年生互看，脸色都有点凝重。他们得快点回去把那个小孩竟然参加了三项大比，并且打算挑战魔药大比第一名的消息告诉撒奇尔少爷。
Two of the senior seniors looked at each other, and their faces were a little solemn. They had to hurry back and tell Master Thatcher that the kid had actually participated in the triathlon contest and was going to challenge for the first place in the potions contest.
陨星小楼窗户边，兰道教授忽然道：“先不用急着去找王小叶，让他先安心备赛，一切等比完再说。”
By the window of the Meteorite Building, Professor Landau suddenly said, "Don't rush to find Wang Xiaoye first, let him prepare for the competition with peace of mind, and then talk about everything after the competition." ”
虫老黑着脸，但也缓缓点头：“是要让他好好准备。比四门，哼，他既然夸了这个海口，要是敢给我比砸了，以后他就别想离开后山，敢跑一步，我打断他的腿！”
The insect elder had a dark face, but he also nodded slowly: "It's to let him prepare well." Than Simen, hum, since he praised this Haikou, if he dares to smash it for me, he won't want to leave the back mountain in the future, dare to run a step, I will break his leg! ”
兰道教授微笑：“嗯，卷轴学博大精深，想要学好可是需要花费大量时间的。如果他这次考不好，那么以后我也不建议他在其他学科多分心。我记得学校后山有个不到时间就不能出来的自修室，也许很适合那不太专心的小家伙。”
Professor Landau smiled, "Well, the scroll is very profound, and it takes a lot of time to learn it well. If he doesn't do well in this exam, then I don't recommend him to be distracted in other subjects in the future. I remember that there was a study room in the back of the school that I couldn't come out until I had time, which was probably perfect for the little guy who wasn't too attentive. ”
乾副校长：……王小叶啊，你自求多福吧。 Vice President: ...... Wang Xiaoye, you ask for more blessings.
闻笛原本是真想再上门找弟子王小叶的，但他多少还是要给陨星一点面子嘛。
Wen Di originally really wanted to come to the door to find his disciple Wang Xiaoye again, but he still had to give the meteor a little face.
除非他现在就跟陨星的乾副校长说，他要跳槽去陨星。那么相信陨星的人一定会举双手欢迎他到来。
Unless he tells Vice Principal Qian of Meteorite right now that he wants to jump ship to Meteorite. Then those who believe in the falling star will definitely raise their hands to welcome him.
但在王小叶还没挑战成功前，他还不能这么做。 But before Wang Xiaoye succeeded, he couldn't do it.
他不能因为一己之私，就让双月恨上陨星，也不想给陨星留下麻烦。
He can't let Shuangyue hate Meteorite because of his own selfishness, and he doesn't want to leave trouble for Meteorite.
所以他需要一个理由，一个堂堂正正，让别人怎么抓都抓不出错处的理由。
So he needs a reason, a reason that is upright, so that no matter how much others catch it, they can't catch the wrong place.
现在，他只要等着他的准弟子王小叶把这个理由送上门来。
Now, he just had to wait for his quasi-disciple Wang Xiaoye to send this reason to the door.
第197章 资料片、大比开始 Chapter 197: Expansion Pack, Dabi Begins
七月十四日上午，地球。 On the morning of July 14, Earth.
“哇！《极度危险》这破游戏竟然发布资料片了！” "Wow! "Extreme Danger" is a broken game that has released an expansion pack! ”
这则消息突然就在游戏论坛等各个社交平台爆炸性地扩散开来。
The news suddenly spread explosively on various social platforms such as game forums.
人们涌入游戏论坛，就见刚打开首页，就出现了开屏宣传片。
People poured into the game forum, and as soon as they opened the homepage, a promotional video appeared.
【双月星第一部 资料片！  [Double Moon Star Part 1 Expansion Pack!]
双月星全星超凡者学校全专业比试大会，将在七月十五日上午九点整，准时开启。
The all-professional competition meeting of the Double Moon Star All-Star Transcendent School will start on time at 9 o'clock in the morning of July 15.
本游戏将每日节选大比精彩片段，全地球同步播出，敬请期待！】
This game will be excerpted daily highlights of Dabi, and the whole planet will be broadcast simultaneously, so stay tuned! 】
“竟然真的是资料片！这个游戏我还以为没有资料片。一年啊，这破游戏开服都一年了，才推出一个资料片！”
"It turned out to be an expansion! I thought there was no expansion for this game. It's been a year, it's been a year since this broken game was launched, and only then did it launch an expansion pack! ”
“而且这个资料片还不是过去发生的事情，而是现在，不对，是明天啊！”
"And this expansion is not what happened in the past, but now, no, it's tomorrow!"
“这应该不算是资料片吧，这明明就是游戏内容转播！”
"This shouldn't be an expansion film, this is obviously a game content broadcast!"
“我有种预感，随着这个资料片推出，也许全游戏的超凡者学校就要面向玩家开启招生了。诸位，我们终于有地方进行系统学习了！”
"I have a hunch that with the release of this expansion, maybe the all-game Transcendental School will open for players. Ladies and gentlemen, we finally have a place to study systematically! ”
“如果真是这样那就太好了，天知道这个游戏怎么会这么难升级。隔壁小王那个家伙到底是怎么升的？前两天，他又升了两级你们看到了吗？”
"It would be great if that was the case, God knows how this game could be so hard to level up. How did that guy next door Xiao Wang get promoted? Two days ago, he was promoted two more levels, did you see? ”
“不要提他！” "Don't mention him!"
“对！是地球人就不要提隔壁小王，他是非人类，潜伏在地球人中的外星人！”
"That's right! If you are an earthling, don't mention Xiao Wang next door, he is a non-human, an alien lurking among the earthlings! ”
“哈哈哈，谁知道这个比试大会，在哪里召开？想去现场看。”
"Hahaha, who knows where this competition will be held? I want to go to the scene to see it. ”
“我知道！我就在双月城附近的小村庄里，这个大比非常有名，今年就在我们双月城的双月魔法学校举行，全双月区的老百姓都知道。”
"I know! I'm in a small village near Shuangyue City, this big competition is very famous, and this year it was held at our Shuangyue Magic School in Shuangyue City, and the people of the whole Biyue District know about it. ”
“哇，羡慕楼上。” "Wow, envy upstairs."
“嘤嘤嘤，不用羡慕，明明魔法学校就在附近，我却连新手村都还没走出去……”
"Hey, don't be envious, obviously the magic school is nearby, but I haven't even walked out of the novice village yet......"
“哈哈哈，诸位，不要羡慕我，我正在前往双月城的火车中，我刚刚拿到我老师的推荐函，可以去双月魔法学校参加入学测试，哈哈哈~”
"Hahaha, everyone, don't envy me, I'm on the train to Twin Moon City, I just got a letter of recommendation from my teacher, I can go to Twin Moon Magic School to take the entrance test, hahaha~"
“楼上的别跑！快告诉我们怎么才能拿到推荐函，还有入学测试是怎么回事？谁都能去吗？”
"Don't run upstairs! Tell us how to get a letter of recommendation and what is the entrance test? Can anyone go? ”
“给个坐标啊，双月魔法学校坐标在哪里？” "Give me a coordinate, where are the coordinates of the Double Moon Magic School?"
“我在银月帝国，双月魔法学校就在我们隔壁啊啊啊！可是我和那座学校之间至少相距了一万八千里……”
"I'm in the Silvermoon Empire, and the Twin Moon School of Magic is right next door to us! But the distance between me and that school is at least 18,000 miles......"
“偷偷告诉你们，其实我已经进入一座魔法学校，虽然我们学校很小，但教授和同学都好好，可惜我刚入学，能力太低，只能看优秀的同学去参加这次大比，我这在这里为他们鼓劲~”
"Secretly tell you, in fact, I have entered a magic school, although our school is very small, but the professors and classmates are good, but unfortunately I have just entered the school, and my ability is too low, I can only watch excellent students participate in this competition, I am here to cheer them up~"
“楼上别跑，说说你是哪个魔法学校的，到底要怎么才能进入魔法学校学习啊？”
"Don't run upstairs, tell me which magic school you are, how can you get into the magic school?"
“兄弟姐妹们，如果这是双月星全星所有超凡者学校的专业比试大会，那么我们赶去那里，有没有可能被哪个魔法学校看中直接收归门墙？”
"Brothers and sisters, if this is the professional competition meeting of all the transcendent schools of the Twin Moon Star All-Star, then if we rush there, is it possible that which magic school will be favored and directly taken over by the door wall?"
“这个操作够骚，可以有！” "This operation is sassy enough, you can have it!"
“想去！” "I want to go!"
“想去10086！” "I want to go to 10086!"
“新手村都无法出去的人，只能在地球通过荧幕仰望诸位大佬。”
"People who can't go out of the novice village can only look up to the big guys on the earth through the screen."
“约起来，让我们一起去双月！” "Make an appointment, let's go to the two moons together!"
当天晚上，双月星双月城。 That night, the city of the twin moons.
王小叶利用虫巢偷偷跑出陨星小楼，到了约定地点先学鸟叫打暗号，跟地下党接头一样。
Wang Xiaoye used the insect nest to sneak out of the Meteorite Building, and when he arrived at the agreed place, he first learned to call the bird and make a code, just like the underground party connection.
闻笛听到暗号，露出身影。 Wen Di heard the code and revealed his figure.
“师父~给！”王叶把他做好的美食都塞给他闻笛师父。
"Master~ give!" Wang Ye stuffed all the delicacies he had made to Master Wendi.
闻笛还以为是什么好东西，打开来一看，竟然全是吃的，一听是王小叶亲手做的，顿时感动不已。
Wendi thought it was something good, but when he opened it, he saw that it was all food, and when he heard that it was made by Wang Xiaoye himself, he was immediately moved.
王叶左右看看，做贼心虚一样小小声说：“我总觉得这两天有人在暗中盯着我。我先回去啦。下次我们就能正大光明见面了，师父，你等我。”
Wang Ye looked left and right, and whispered like a thief: "I always feel that someone is secretly staring at me in the past two days. I'll go back first. Next time we will meet in the open light, Master, you wait for me. ”
王叶说完，缩手缩脚地跑掉了。
闻笛：“……” Wen Di: "......"
闻笛笑个不停，他发现他真的很久没有这么开心了。
闻笛拿出魔食专用储物箱里的油炸臭豆腐，用木签子叉起一块，边走边吃。
Wen Di took out the fried stinky tofu in the special storage box for magic food, forked a piece with a wooden skewer, and ate it as he walked.
嗯，喷香，外酥内嫩，够味，还有恰到好处的鲜辣，好吃！超合他的胃口。
Well, it is fragrant, crispy on the outside and tender on the inside, flavorful enough, and just the right amount of fresh and spicy, delicious! More than he tasted.
感谢另外一个他，这个徒弟调教得不错。 Thanks to the other one, this apprentice has been trained well.
次日上午八点整，各校陆续进场。 At eight o'clock in the morning of the next day, all schools entered the venue one after another.
双月星超凡者学校全专业比试大会，即将正式开幕。 The all-professional competition conference of the Double Moon Star Transcendent School is about to officially open.
王叶好奇得很，脑袋转来转去地看。 Wang Ye was very curious, and turned his head around to look.
这是一个宛如超级剧场的超大露天会场，这样大的会场，就王叶目测，最少能容纳上万人观看。
This is a super large open-air venue like a super theater, such a large venue, according to Wang Ye's eye, can accommodate at least tens of thousands of people to watch.
呈大弧形的看台一层层往上，看台最前方是宛如舞台的抬高大平台。
The large arc-shaped grandstand rises one layer at a time, and at the front of the grandstand is a raised platform that resembles a stage.
这种布置，可以让坐在看台上的人都能清楚看见舞台上正在做什么。
This arrangement allows everyone sitting in the stands to see clearly what is being done on stage.
每个学校坐的区域都不一样，但各校队伍全都坐在了最前面三排。
Each school sits in a different area, but the teams from each school all sit in the first three rows.
而后面的看台座位则全都分给了双月魔法学校的学生，和一些被特别邀请的嘉宾。
The seats in the back of the stand were all given to the students of the Double Moon School of Magic, as well as some specially invited guests.
双月魔法学校只要没有外出的学生几乎都来了，看台上坐得满满。
Almost all the students of the Double Moon Magic School who didn't go out came, and the stands were full.
还有一个区明显都是校外观赛者，王叶眯眼看着坐在貌似VIP看台里的几伙人，猜测谁是撒家人。
There is also an area that is obviously full of school out-of-school contestants, Wang Ye squinted at the several groups of people sitting in what seemed to be VIP stands, guessing who the Sajia family was.
王叶还看到他们学校的队伍中多出了几个人，那几个人都穿着兜帽黑袍，袍子很宽大，兜帽戴起来更完全遮住头脸，也许还有魔法作用，总之你看过去，只能看到那兜帽内部一片漆黑。
Wang Ye also saw that there were a few more people in the team of their school, and those few people were wearing hooded black robes, the robes were very wide, and the hood was worn to completely cover the head and face, and maybe there was magic, in short, if you looked over, you could only see that the inside of the hood was pitch black.
如此打扮的人，不止他们陨星，其他学校也有。 People dressed up like this are not only them, but also other schools.
有以前参加过大比的学生就跟其他学生科普：“很多大佬不愿意露面，就会穿这种魔法黑袍。他们也是各校的守护者，防止某些意外出现。”
Some students who have participated in the big competition before have popularized science with other students: "Many bigwigs don't want to show their faces, so they will wear this kind of magic black robe." They are also the guardians of the schools, preventing certain accidents. ”
还有学长道：“你们别看这会场好像就这么大，实际上它能容纳十万看客，只是做了空间拓展处理，我们看到的只有这么大。所以除了我们现在看到的人，说不定还有很多人正在看着我们。”
Another senior said: "Don't look at this venue, it seems to be so big, in fact, it can accommodate 100,000 spectators, but the space has been expanded, and what we see is only so big." So in addition to the people we see now, maybe there are a lot of people who are watching us. ”
王叶咋舌。 Wang Ye was speechless.
有学生夹着腿急：“学长你别说了，你越说我越紧张。”
Some students were anxious with their legs: "Senior, don't talk about it, the more you talk about it, the more nervous I become." ”
“有什么好紧张的，等你进入比赛环节，你就会把紧张什么的都忘掉了，相信我。”
"There's nothing to be nervous about, when you get into the game, you'll forget about the nervousness or anything, trust me."
带队的乾副校长拍拍手，引起所有学生注意，最后叮嘱这些宝贝蛋们道：“大家听好了，虽然出发前，我们就已经重申过很多次，你们可能已经听烦了，但我现在必须再说一遍，所有专业比试都在特定的幻境中举行，不要以为那里是幻境就疏忽大意，幻境一样可以杀人！”
The vice principal who led the team clapped his hands, attracted the attention of all the students, and finally told these precious eggs: "Listen, everyone, although we have reiterated it many times before leaving, you may have been tired of listening to it, but I must say it again now, all professional competitions are held in a specific fantasy world, don't be negligent if you think it's an illusion, the illusion can kill people as well!" ”
“另外，你们的一言一行一举一动，都会通过魔眼传递到光幕上。也就是说你的所有表现，全场所有人都会看在眼里。所以，谨言慎行、自保第一，懂？”
"In addition, your every word, deed, and action will be transmitted to the light curtain through the magic eye. In other words, all your performances will be watched by everyone in the audience. So, be cautious in your words and deeds, and protect yourself first, understand? ”
“我知道你们都是好孩子，都想为学校争得荣誉，但如果遇到危险，你们应该先做什么？”
"I know you're all good boys and want to get credit for the school, but what should you do first if you're in danger?"
所有参赛学生齐声回答：“保护好自己，保护好同伴。留得青山在不怕没柴烧。”
All the participating students replied in unison: "Protect yourself and your peers." Stay in the green mountains and don't be afraid of no firewood. ”
乾副校长微笑，继续问道：“比试时如果有人故意挑衅你、刺激你，非要和你打架，你们要怎么做？”
Vice President Qian smiled and continued to ask, "What are you going to do if someone deliberately provokes you or stimulates you and wants to fight with you during the competition?" ”
“不理他！” "Ignore him!"
“如果你们没有考好，这时候只要干掉其他参赛学生，你们就能把他们拉到和你们同一水平线。你们会怎么做？”
"If you don't do well in the exam, just kill the other students at this time, and you can pull them to the same level as you. What will you do? ”
“等他们先动手，再揍他丫的！”所有陨星参赛学生一起笑起来。
"Wait for them to do it first, and then beat him!" All the students in the Meteorite Contest laughed together.
乾副校长满意点头：“就是这样，我们陨星出来的学生，首先就要学会保护好自己、保护好同伴。其次，瞄准目标，专心致志，尽量发挥自己所长，重点是要学会随机应变。最后，我们不主动惹事，但有人胆敢招惹我们，就狠狠地揍回去！”
Vice Principal Qian nodded with satisfaction: "That's it, our students who came out of the Falling Star must first learn to protect themselves and their companions. Second, aim for the goal, concentrate and make the most of your strengths, the key is to learn to improvise. In the end, we don't take the initiative to cause trouble, but if someone dares to provoke us, they will beat us back! ”
王叶吃吃笑，他真心喜欢陨星。 Wang Ye ate and laughed, he really liked meteors.
这所学校最大的优点不止是护短，她在教孩子们知识的同时，也在告诉你做人要有道德底线，但又不会把你教成墨守成规顽固不化的大傻子。
The biggest advantage of this school is not only to protect the shortcomings, but also to teach the children to have a moral bottom line, but not to teach you to be a stubborn fool.
雷木拉着王叶在自己身边坐下。 Lei Mu pulled Wang Ye to sit down beside him.
王叶转头，那种被人盯着看的诡异感又来了。不过他能感觉出盯他的人没有恶意，就是让他毛毛的。
Wang Ye turned his head, and the strange feeling of being stared at came again. However, he could feel that the person staring at him had no malice, it was what made him hairy.
难道虫老和兰道教授来了…… Could it be that Worm Elder and Professor Landau are here......
王叶怀疑地扫向那几个黑袍人，可惜这黑袍连身材和身高都能掩饰，让他什么都看不出来。
Wang Ye swept suspiciously towards the black-robed people, but unfortunately, this black-robed robe could even hide his figure and height, so he couldn't see anything.
“好多人在看你。”雷木侧头对王叶低声说。 "A lot of people are watching you." Lei Mu turned his head sideways and whispered to Wang Ye.
王叶翘起嘴角：“看天才嘛，我懂。” Wang Ye curled the corners of his mouth: "Look at the genius, I understand." ”
如今他一人担三项的传言已经传出去，很多学校都在调查他，弄得乾副校长他们特别紧张，盯着他不让他出门。
Now the rumor that he is responsible for three things has spread, and many schools are investigating him, which makes the vice principal very nervous and stares at him and does not let him go out.
雷木莞尔，见王叶是真的放松，也就放心了。 Lei Muwan'er, seeing that Wang Ye was really relaxed, he was relieved.
八点五十五分，嘹亮悠远的号角声响起。 At 8:55 a.m., a loud and distant trumpet sounded.
全露天会场立刻安静下来。 The all-open-air venue immediately fell silent.
大比就要开始！ The big competition is about to begin!
同一时间，地球，游戏论坛页面也只要一打开就是这个画面。
At the same time, the Earth, the game forum page is also this screen as soon as it is opened.
此时，无数玩家，还有一些关心和好奇全息游戏，或单纯想了解这个游戏的人，都在期待这个游戏第一部 资料片·真比赛转播。
At this time, countless players, as well as some people who care about and are curious about holographic games, or who simply want to know about this game, are looking forward to the broadcast of the first expansion pack of this game.
看台前方的大平台上突然亮起一道非常大的光幕。  A very large light curtain suddenly lit up on the large platform in front of the stands.
光幕中出现了一排高背椅。 A row of high-backed chairs appeared in the light curtain.
每张高背椅上都坐了一个人。 A person sat on each high-backed chair.
坐在最中间的人站了起来，往前走了两步。 The man sitting in the middle stood up and took two steps forward.
镜头拉近。 The camera zooms in.
“我是双月魔法学校当代校长布鲁杰尔德。非常荣幸今年的……”
"I am Blugeld, the current principal of the Two Moons School of Magic. It is a great honor to be ...... this year"
王叶眨眨眼，觉得这一幕似乎有点熟悉。 Wang Ye blinked, feeling that this scene seemed a little familiar.
等到双月的布鲁校长说完场面话，他又伸手分别介绍左右两边的大佬们。
After Principal Blue finished speaking, he stretched out his hand to introduce the bigwigs on the left and right respectively.
左边：“魔法师公会总会长，药师公会总会长，炼金公会总会长。”
Left: "The President of the Magicians' Guild, the President of the Medicine Guild, the President of the Alchemy Guild." ”
右边：“佣兵公会总会长，武师公会总会长，商业公会总会长。”
Right: "President of the Mercenary Guild, President of the Martial Arts Guild, President of the Commerce Guild." ”
每介绍到一人，对方就会站起行礼，镜头也会拉近，让在场所有人能看清这几位大佬的相貌。
Every time someone is introduced, the other party will stand up and salute, and the camera will be zoomed in, so that everyone present can see the faces of these bigwigs.
看台响起低低的喧哗声。 A low uproar rang out from the stands.
这六位可是真正的这个世界最上层最顶尖那几位牛掰大人物。
These six are the real top and top bull breakers in this world.
更有人低声道：“今年有点不一样，往年能来两位就算不错，今年竟然这六位都来了。”
Some people even whispered: "This year is a little different, in previous years, it was good to have two people, but this year these six people are here." ”
“是因为双月主持这届？” "Is it because Bimonthly is presiding over this session?"
“不是，你往下听就知道了。” "No, you'll find out if you listen to it."
听到周围低语的王叶忽然想到兰道教授曾跟他提过一耳朵，说是今年是关键年，却没有跟他说详细，只是要他一定要参加今年的大比，并争取一个好名次。
Wang Ye, who heard the whispers around him, suddenly remembered that Professor Landau had mentioned it to him, saying that this year was a critical year, but he didn't tell him in detail, but just asked him to participate in this year's big competition and strive for a good ranking.
光幕中，布鲁校长果然提到：“今年是特殊的一年，今年是双月星全超凡者学校全专业大比召开的第1700届，而最初的大比可以延伸到两千年前。虽然这样的大比每年都会进行一次，但也有些年度因为各种原因，大比没能进行。”
In the light curtain, Principal Blue really mentioned: "This year is a special year, this year is the 1700th all-professional competition of the Double Moon Star All Transcendent School, and the original competition can be extended to two thousand years ago. Although such a contest is held once a year, there are some years when the contest is not held for various reasons. ”
布鲁校长一顿：“而超凡者界曾有过一个约定，每五十年会选拔一批在大比中表现优异的学生进入一个特殊秘境学习。如果运气好，这些学生甚至能接触到另一层面。”
Principal Blue paused: "And there was an agreement in the transcendent world that every fifty years, a group of students who performed well in the big competition would be selected to study in a special secret realm. With a bit of luck, these students can even be exposed to another level. ”
“至于这一层面指的是哪一层面，容我暂时保密，这点只有被选拔出来前往那个特殊秘境的学生才能知道。”
"As for which level this level refers to, let me keep it secret for the time being, this can only be known by the students who have been selected to go to that special secret realm."
全场嗡嗡的议论声变大。 The buzz in the audience became louder.
布鲁校长抬起手，往下压了压。
顿时，会场再次变得安静。 Suddenly, the venue became quiet again.
“因为事关特殊秘境，六位总会长大人将从最初一直跟到大比结束，各校将在六位总会长大人的监督下，选拔出最优秀也是最适合的学生。同时六位总会长大人也将分别担任一些比试项目的总裁判。”
"Because of the special secret realm, the six presidents will follow from the beginning to the end of the competition, and each school will select the best and most suitable students under the supervision of the six presidents. At the same time, the six presidents will also serve as the chief judges of some competitions. ”
当当当……连续九声钟响，响遍整个会场。 Dangdangdang...... Nine bells rang in a row, ringing throughout the venue.
布鲁校长在钟声后，立刻提高声音：“现在我宣布，双月星第1700届全超凡者学校全专业比试大会，正式开始！”
Principal Blue immediately raised his voice after the bell rang: "Now I announce that the 1700th All-Transcendent School All-Professional Competition Conference of Shuangyuexing has officially begun!" ”
王叶越来越觉得这一幕很熟悉。 Wang Ye felt more and more familiar with this scene.
随着布鲁校长开始介绍大比的相关规则。 As Principal Blue began to introduce the relevant rules of Dabi.
王叶脑海深处终于有一个尘封很久的记忆一跃而出。 In the depths of Wang Ye's mind, a long-sealed memory finally jumped out.
他想起来了！ He remembered!
这不是当年《极度危险》这个游戏在开服一年后推出的第一个资料片片头吗？
Isn't this the first expansion title for Extreme Danger a year after the game launched?
只是他上辈子进入游戏已经是十年后，他会看这个资料片还是为了刷副本，想要多了解某些背景。
It's just that it's been ten years since he entered the game in his last life, and he will watch this expansion or brush up on copies, wanting to know more about certain backgrounds.
但这个资料片因为太老，他都没怎么仔细看，就片头因为有六位大佬出场，他为了记下这六位的样貌，多看了一会儿。
But because this expansion is too old, he didn't look at it very carefully, and because there were six bigwigs at the beginning of the film, he watched it for a while in order to note the appearance of these six.
王叶后悔加郁闷，要知道他能重生，还能亲自参与历史，他当年就把这个资料片从头到尾好好地过几遍，把细枝末节尤其是比赛中关键性的东西都记住就好了。
Wang Ye regretted and depressed, knowing that he could be reborn and participate in history in person, he went through this expansion film several times from beginning to end, and remembered the details, especially the key things in the game.
王叶表情突然僵住。 Wang Ye's expression suddenly froze.
他紧接着就想到了一个很关键的问题。 He then thought of a crucial question.
那就是，他记得这个资料片更像是比赛转播，节选了很多精彩片段，当时各项大比的选手可是都露脸了！
That is, he remembered that this expansion was more like a game broadcast, with a lot of highlights, and the players in all the big competitions showed their faces at that time!
这么一来他不就也会进入这个资料片中，被地球所有玩家看到了？
Wouldn't he also be included in this expansion and seen by all players on Earth?
啊啊啊，他要弄个面具，马上立刻！ Ahhhh
“小叶子？”雷木不明白王小叶怎么突然毛躁起来。 "Little leaf?" Lei Mu didn't understand why Wang Xiaoye suddenly became frizzy.
王叶苦恼地抓抓头发：“木木，我惨了，要被围观了。”
Wang Ye scratched his hair in distress: "Mumu, I'm miserable, I'm going to be watched." ”
“没事，所有参赛的学生都会被围观，我也一样。”雷木安慰他。
"It's okay, all the students who participate in the competition will be watched, and so will I." Remu comforted him.
王叶呢喃：“这可不一样，我这很可能会变成社死现场。”
Wang Ye murmured: "This is different, I am likely to become a social death scene." ”
尤其他还记得有几个玩家认识他，如果发现他，会不会在游戏论坛讨论？
In particular, he still remembers that there are a few players who know him, and if they find him, will they discuss it in the game forum?
而他在大比报名时使用的名字就是王叶。 And the name he used when he signed up for Dabi was Wang Ye.
姓王，玩家，很厉害，还是“小”王。 The surname is Wang, the player, very powerful, and still a "little" king.
好嘛，身份出来了。 Well, the identity is out.
王叶再怎么也没想到他的玩家身份会在这种场合暴露。 Wang Ye never thought that his identity as a player would be revealed on such an occasion.
不但他的游戏名会暴露，他的真实姓名也会跟着曝光。 Not only will his game name be revealed, but his real name will also be revealed.
就不说曝光这一切会给他姑带来多大的麻烦和有可能的危险。只游戏中的第一大佬现实中只是一个小学鸡，游戏中还没有一米四高……
Not to mention how much trouble and possible danger it would bring to his aunt by exposing all this. Only the first big guy in the game is just a primary school chicken in reality, and there is no one meter or four tall in the game......
啊啊啊！这种事怎么能暴露出去？ Ahhh How can such a thing be exposed?
王叶内心最最阴暗的地方更不想让人知道他曾是个受虐儿，还是个上过新闻的受虐儿。
The darkest part of Wang Ye's heart doesn't want people to know that he was a masochistic child and a masochistic child who has been on the news.
如果有人因为他隔壁小王的身份，对他的身世进行深挖……
If someone digs deep into his life experience because of the identity of Xiao Wang next door......
只要想到之后有可能出现的社会反应，王叶就不寒而栗。
As long as he thought of the possible social reaction later, Wang Ye shuddered.
不行，他的身份绝对不能暴露。 No, his identity must not be revealed.
“木木，帮我化妆吧。我要画个哥特妆，画得我姑都不认识我！”
"Mumu, help me put on makeup. I'm going to do gothic makeup, and my aunt doesn't even know me! ”
雷木一愣：“什么是哥特妆？” Lei Mu was stunned: "What is gothic makeup?" ”
金宝在虫巢里大叫：“爸叽！”我知道。 Jinbao shouted in the hive, "Dad! "I know.
“另外，我去找副校长问问，看能不能现改名字。”王叶猫腰就往副校长那儿跑。
"Also, I'll go to the vice principal and ask if I can change my name now." Wang Ye ran to the vice principal.
雷木：？ Raimi: ?
乾副校长看王小叶这时候跑来，不禁有点担心，还以为小孩紧张了，正要安抚他。
Vice Principal Qian couldn't help but be a little worried when he saw Wang Xiaoye coming at this time, thinking that the child was nervous and was about to comfort him.
却听小孩张口就道：“副校长，我想改个名。” But I heard the child open his mouth and say, "Vice Principal, I want to change my name." ”
乾副校长怔住：“改名？” Vice President Qian was stunned: "Change your name? ”
“对，我不想暴露我的真名，能不能把我比赛时的名字改成小叶子，或者雷叶也行。”
"Yes, I don't want to reveal my real name, can I change my name during the competition to Xiao Yezi, or Lei Ye."
乾副校长：“别作怪，你给我老老实实……” Vice Principal Qian: "Don't be weird, you give me honest ......"
王叶一把扑住乾副校长的胳膊，哀声道：“副校长，救救可怜的孩子吧，我现在才发现现场有这么多观众，而且会有很多人录下魔影对不对？可我的身份比较麻烦，我……就是我的身世，我那个国王爹还有我的后王后妈，要是看到我这么出息，我会很麻烦很麻烦，他们极有可能会派人来追杀我。但他们又是我父母，我为难啊！”
乾副校长正要说什么，突然侧耳，像是听到谁在跟他说话。
过了一会儿，乾副校长神色缓和下来，压低声音对王叶道：“你应该早把这事告诉我。算了，你现在告诉我也不迟，你别急，改名字的事我来给你想办法，你先坐回去，安稳准备比赛，不要让这种焦躁影响你的比赛状态。”
After a while, Vice Principal Qian's expression softened, and he lowered his voice and said to Wang Ye: "You should have told me about this earlier." Forget it, it's not too late for you to tell me now, don't worry, I'll figure out a way for you to change your name, you sit back first, prepare for the game peacefully, and don't let this anxiety affect your game state. ”
“这个不会影响啦，我心态好得很。我就是怕麻烦，也不想给学校添麻烦。”
"It doesn't matter, I'm in a good state of mind. I'm just afraid of trouble, and I don't want to cause trouble to the school. ”
乾副校长轻哼：“我们学校可不怕麻烦。你那个国王爹不找来就算了，他找来，就算我不做什么，你两个师父也不会放过他。”
Vice Principal Qian snorted lightly: "Our school is not afraid of trouble. If you don't find that king's father, forget it, if he does, even if I don't do anything, your two masters won't let him go. ”
王叶福至心灵，贴近乾副校长悄声问：“是不是我教授虫老来了？兰道教授呢，也来了？”
Wang Yefu was close to Vice President Qian's heart and asked quietly: "Is it my professor who is here?" What about Professor Landau, who is here too? ”
乾副校长也压低声音：“你别问我，我什么都不知道。”
Vice Principal Qian also lowered his voice: "Don't ask me, I don't know anything." ”
王叶懂了。他就说副校长怎么会突然改变态度，肯定是虫老跟他说了什么。他编的这套身世也就跟虫老胡诌过。
Wang Ye understood. He said that how could the vice principal suddenly change his attitude, it must have been something that the worm elder told him. The set of life experiences he made up is also nonsense with the worm old man.
王叶压根不敢往几个黑袍人那里看，不要问他为什么。 Wang Ye didn't dare to look at a few black-robed people at all, don't ask him why.
“谢谢副校长，那我回去了。” "Thank you, Vice Principal, I'll go back then."
王小叶又猫着腰跑回雷木身边。 Wang Xiaoye ran back to Lei Mu with a cat.
雷木用眼神问他：如何？ Lei Mu asked him with his eyes: How?
王叶比了个ok的手势。 Wang Ye made an OK gesture.
雷木看懂。 Remu understood.
“木木，现在开始帮我化妆吧。”王叶拿了一堆墨粉和彩粉出来，他没有化妆品，但替代品有不少。
"Mumu, start helping me put on makeup now." Wang Ye took a bunch of toner and color powder out, he didn't have cosmetics, but there were quite a few substitutes.
雷木挑眉：“你认真的？” Lei Mu raised his eyebrows: "Are you serious?" ”
“认真无比！” "Seriously!"
雷木上下打量王小叶，忽然说道：“其实比起在脸上化妆，我觉得还有一个更简单的方法可以遮掩你的身份。”
Lei Mu looked Wang Xiaoye up and down, and suddenly said, "Actually, I think there is an easier way to hide your identity than to put makeup on your face. ”
王叶惊喜：“什么方法，你快说。” Wang Ye was pleasantly surprised: "What method, you can say it quickly." ”
雷木眼中闪过一丝坏笑，说道…… A wicked smile flashed in Lei Mu's eyes and he said......
十分钟后，布鲁校长在光幕中请魔法师公会总会长抽签，抽出第一场比试的专业名。
Ten minutes later, Headmaster Blue asked the president of the Wizards' Guild to draw lots in the light curtain to draw the name of the profession for the first competition.
魔法师公会总会长手伸进一个半透明的箱子里，随手抓起一个小球，拿出来，捏开。
The head of the Wizards' Guild reached into a translucent box, grabbed a small ball, took it out, and pinched it open.
小球里飞出一行字。 A line of words flew out of the ball.
魔法师公会的总会长是个头发雪白面容却很年轻的女性，她五官长得不算多好看，颧骨很高，身体也很瘦削，她看着那行字，淡淡念出：“第一场比试的专业为，培植。”
The president of the Magicians Guild is a very young woman with snow-white hair and a very young face, her facial features are not very good-looking, her cheekbones are very high, and her body is also very thin. ”
王叶抬头，他这么快就要上了？ Wang Ye raised his head, he was about to go on so soon?
雷木略用力地捏了捏他的肩膀，低声道：“小心。” Lei Mu squeezed his shoulder slightly harder and whispered, "Be careful." ”
王叶点点头，在学校工作人员的引领下，走向舞台。 Wang Ye nodded, and under the guidance of the school staff, he walked to the stage.
引领他的工作人员回头看了他一眼又一眼。 The staff who led him looked back at him again and again.
当他经过陨星的师生时，路遇一堆掉落的下巴和眼睛珠子。
As he passed by the teachers and students of the Meteorite, he was met by a pile of fallen jaws and eye beads.
光幕中，布鲁校长面带微笑地大声说道：“下面我们将介绍参加本次专业大比第一场培植比试的参赛者，他们分别是……”
In the light curtain, Principal Blue said loudly with a smile on his face: "Next, we will introduce the contestants who participated in the first cultivation competition of this professional competition, they are ......"
第198章 培植比试 Chapter 198: Cultivation Competition
布鲁校长突然一顿，伸手指向上台的学生们：“参加这场培植比试的学校共有六十七所，参赛者共一百六十三人。人数过多，我就不一一介绍了。但当这些参赛者进入比试幻境，他们头顶上方将会出现他们的个人名字。”
Principal Blue paused suddenly, stretched out his hand and pointed to the students on the stage: "There are a total of 67 schools participating in this cultivation competition, and a total of 163 contestants. There are too many people, so I won't introduce them one by one. However, when these contestants enter the Fantasy Realm, their personal names will appear above their heads. ”
看台上众人发出了然的笑声。 The crowd in the stands burst into laughter.
这时已经有参赛者登上舞台。 At this time, there were already contestants on the stage.
光幕中心也出现了一扇黑色的门。 A black door also appeared in the center of the light curtain.
布鲁校长接着道：“规则我之前已经说过，再度重申最重要的一点，所有进入比试幻境的参赛者不能随身携带任何储物工具，也不能携带任何魔器，除了你身上的校服、校徽和你的专用魔武，其他任何多余的凡是含有魔力的东西、包括药剂都不能带入，只普通衣裤鞋袜可以。一旦发现违规，该名参赛者会被立刻取消参赛资格。”
Principal Blue continued: "I have already said the rules before, and once again the most important point is that all participants who enter the competition fantasy world cannot carry any storage tools with them, nor can they carry any magic weapons, except for your school uniform, school emblem and your special magic weapon, any other superfluous things containing magic power, including potions, can not be brought in, only ordinary clothes, pants, shoes and socks. If a violation is discovered, the participant will be immediately disqualified. ”
王叶不怕，他上台就切断了虫巢对外的联系，他试过，连虫老和兰道教授都在他切断虫巢后无法感知到虫巢存在。
Wang Ye is not afraid, he cut off the contact with the outside world of the insect hive when he came to power, he tried, even the insect elder and Professor Landau could not perceive the existence of the insect hive after he cut off the insect hive.
说来，等这次大比结束，他真的要把虫巢好好升级了。 Speaking of which, when this big competition is over, he will really upgrade the hive.
“另外，请确保参赛者一定是报名者本人，当你进入传送门时，会被检测精神波，如果你的精神波与参赛者身份不符合，也会被传送阵拒绝入内。而身份存疑的参赛者将被取消参赛资格。”
"In addition, please make sure that the contestant must be the person who signed up for it, when you enter the portal, you will be detected with spirit waves, and if your spirit waves do not match the identity of the contestant, you will also be denied entry by the teleportation array. Participants whose identities are in doubt will be disqualified. ”
“最后，幻境中虽然也会直接给出评分，但裁判们的评判也很重要，请各位裁判仔细看好每一位选手，为他们打下最公平的分数。而每个参赛者的分数都会在他的名字旁边实时显示。现在，有请这些参赛学生进入传送门。”
"Finally, although the score will be given directly in the fantasy world, the judges' judgment is also very important, so please carefully watch each player and score the fairest score for them. And each contestant's score is displayed in real-time next to his name. Now, these participating students are invited to enter the portal. ”
随着布鲁校长的指示，一百六十三名参赛者依此走入舞台最中心的传送门。
Following Principal Blue's instructions, one hundred and sixty-three contestants entered the portal at the center of the stage.
王小叶走在队伍中间的位置，快到舞台中心时，他转头对陨星校队那边笑笑，挥了挥手。
Wang Xiaoye walked in the middle of the line, and when he was about to reach the center of the stage, he turned his head and smiled at the Meteorite Varsity and waved his hand.
陨星学校的各位大佬、工作人员，还有众学生们，在看清舞台上那个跟他们挥手的小不点的模样后，那表情都怪异得无法形容。
The bigwigs, staff, and students of the Meteorite School all had indescribable expressions after seeing the little one waving to them on the stage.
雷木：为什么他觉得王小叶还挺高兴的？ Lei Mu: Why does he think Wang Xiaoye is quite happy?
一名学生抓住旁边学长的手，喃喃问：“刚才那孩子走过去的时候我就想问，其实王小叶是、是女孩？”
A student grabbed the hand of the senior next to him and muttered, "I wanted to ask when that kid walked over just now, in fact, Wang Xiaoye is a girl?" ”
学长迷茫：“我也不知道。” The senior was confused: "I don't know either." ”
乾明副校长神情复杂，微微叹息：这孩子不容易啊，为了给学校减少麻烦，真牺牲大了。
Vice Principal Qianming's expression was complicated, and he sighed slightly: This child is not easy, in order to reduce the trouble for the school, he really sacrificed a lot.
穿着黑袍的兰道教授忍着笑，诧异道：“小家伙在搞什么。”
Professor Landau, who was dressed in a black robe, couldn't help but laugh and said in surprise, "What is the little guy doing?" ”
虫老有点无奈，但他知道缘由，就低声把王叶的“身世”跟兰道教授说了。
The worm elder was a little helpless, but he knew the reason, so he whispered Wang Ye's "life experience" to Professor Landau.
兰道恍然，哭笑不得地道：“那也没必要穿成这样啊。不知道的还以为他真是女孩子。”
Landau suddenly said with a smile: "Then there is no need to dress like this." I don't know, I think he's really a girl. ”
虫老瞄了瞄台上那个小不点：“别说，还挺适合的。小毛孩子，穿什么都不违和。”
The worm elder glanced at the little dot on the table: "Don't say it, it's quite suitable." Little hairy children, nothing is against the norm when they wear. ”
兰道也笑：“是挺好看的，如果不知道他是男孩子的话。就是他脸上画的妆，有点怪怪的。”
Landau also smiled: "It's very good-looking, if you don't know he's a boy." It's the makeup on his face, which is a bit weird. ”
旁边的魔画教授突然插了一句：“小家伙的画感很好，很有创造性。”
The magic painting professor next to him suddenly interjected: "The little guy has a good sense of painting and is very creative. ”
兰道：“是吗。”别驴我，我也会画画。 Landau: "Yes. "Don't don't donkey me, I can draw too.
雷木单手撑住额头，忍着笑看穿着裙子戴着假发的王小叶排队往传送门中走。
Lei Mu supported his forehead with one hand, and couldn't help but smile as he watched Wang Xiaoye, who was wearing a skirt and a wig, lining up to walk towards the portal.
裙子是跟学姐现借的——大家都会准备好几套衣服带着，雷木稍微修改了下。
The skirt was borrowed from the senior sister - everyone would prepare a few sets of clothes to bring, and Lei Mu modified it slightly.
就是奇怪王小叶的收藏中为什么会有那么长的假发？ It's just strange why Wang Xiaoye's collection has such a long wig?
王小叶：走江湖的必备工具。 Wang Xiaoye: An essential tool for walking the rivers and lakes.
闻笛在听到第一场是培植比试后，眼睛就一直在看着舞台，但看来看去他都没找到王小叶。
After Wen Di heard that the first game was a cultivation competition, his eyes kept looking at the stage, but he didn't find Wang Xiaoye.
唯一一个看起来年龄很小、个头也很小的人类，是一个披着长发梳着公主辫的小女孩。
The only human who looked very young and very small was a little girl with long hair and princess braids.
小女孩穿着陨星的女式校服，可脸上为什么涂得跟鬼一样？黑黑的眼眶、黑黑的嘴唇，这是吓谁呢？额头中间还画了一个血红色的……魔法阵？
The little girl is wearing a girl's school uniform of the Falling Star, but why is her face painted like a ghost? Black eyes, black lips, who is this scared? There is also a blood-red ...... drawn in the middle of the forehead Magic Circle?
真的是魔法阵，只是略微变形且没有激发而已。如果不是对魔法阵很了解很熟悉的人，一下子还真看不出来，只会当做是某种怪异的图案。
It's really a magic array, but it's slightly deformed and not activated. If you weren't a person who knew a lot about the magic array, you wouldn't really be able to see it at once, and it would only be regarded as some kind of weird pattern.
闻笛不由仔细打量那个貌似走黑暗系的小女孩的五官和身形，然后就越看越眼熟，魔法师的眼睛都比较锐利，何况他还是擅长辨认药材的药师。
Wen Di couldn't help but carefully look at the facial features and body of the little girl who seemed to be walking in the dark department, and then the more he looked at it, the more familiar it became, the magician's eyes were sharper, not to mention that he was still a pharmacist who was good at identifying medicinal herbs.
闻笛陡然托住了自己掉下来的下巴。 Wen Di suddenly held his jaw that had fallen.
小兔崽子，搞什么呢？怎么穿了女装，还把脸画成这个样子？他差点都没认出来！
Little bunny, what are you doing? Why do you wear women's clothes and still paint your face like this? He almost didn't even recognize it!
王叶要的就是熟人都认不出他的效果，否则他何必穿女装。
What Wang Ye wants is that acquaintances can't recognize his effect, otherwise why would he wear women's clothes.
性别都不一样，如何联想？ The genders are different, how to relate?
就算那几个和他刷过药园副本的玩家听到有人喊他小叶子，也只会觉得这个名字很大众，而不会从女孩的小叶子联想到男孩的小叶子身上。
Even if the few players who have brushed the Medicine Garden dungeon with him hear someone call him Xiao Yezi, they will only think that this name is very popular, and will not associate it with the girl's Little Leaf to the boy's Little Leaf.
再加上他的脸也修饰过了，他和那几个人又隔了那么久没见过，他就不信那几人还能记得他的五官特征。而且他还长高了不少。
In addition, his face has also been retouched, and he has not seen those people for so long, he doesn't believe that those people can still remember his facial features. And he's grown a lot taller.
排在王叶前面的兽人少年不断扭头看他：“我觉得你有点面熟，但不敢认。”
The orc boy in front of Wang Ye kept turning his head to look at him: "I think you are a little familiar, but I dare not recognize you." ”
王叶翻了个白眼。厉害了，兄嘚，我画成这样你都还能觉得我眼熟：“你大概见过我堂哥。快进去，到你了。”
Wang Ye rolled his eyes. Awesome, brother, you can still think I'm familiar when I draw like this: "You've probably seen my cousin." Come on in, it's your turn. ”
“我说呢！”兽人少年恍然大悟，一脚跨入传送门。 "I said it!" The orc boy suddenly realized and stepped into the portal.
王叶紧跟其后。 Wang Ye followed closely.
顺利进入！ Smooth entry!
他的虫巢空间没有被发现。 His hive space was not discovered.
进入这个比试幻境后，一百六十三名学生分散开来，你看我、我看你，都在等待下一步指示。
After entering this competition illusion, one hundred and sixty-three students scattered, you look at me, I look at you, all waiting for the next step.
这幻境好像跟他们从师长和学长那里听到的都不太一样。
This illusion seemed to be different from what they had heard from their teachers and seniors.
王叶站在原地，没有引起任何多余的注意，顶多就是有人多看两眼他脸上的诡异妆容。
Wang Ye stood in place, not attracting any superfluous attention, at most, someone looked at the weird makeup on his face twice.
大概是他的年龄还没到男女大防的时候，兽人少年很自然地靠近他，盯着他的脸好奇地问：“你为什么把自己的脸画成这个样子？你是黑暗系魔法师？”
Probably when he was not old enough to be a man or a woman, the orc boy naturally approached him, stared at his face and asked curiously, "Why did you paint your face like this?" Are you a dark mage? ”
王·哥特·叶一本正经地说：“你不懂，我现在整张脸上的图案和化妆，构成了一个最新的幸运魔法阵。”
Wang Goth Ye said solemnly: "You don't understand, the pattern and makeup on my entire face now constitute the latest lucky magic array. ”
“哎？真的假的？” "Huh? Really? ”
“当然是真的，你别看它好像没有蕴含任何魔力，但它其实含有了更重要的力量。”
"Of course it's true, you don't think it doesn't contain any magic, but it actually contains more important powers."
“什么力量？” "What power?"
看光幕的看客们也竖起了耳朵，除了魔力以外，还有什么能画魔法阵，还有这个古怪的脸谱真的是魔法阵吗？
The spectators who looked at the light curtain also pricked up their ears, what else could draw a magic array besides magic, and was this strange face really a magic array?
还有学生不服气地问身边长辈，说这名参赛者算不算违规。
Some students were unconvinced and asked the elders around them, saying whether this contestant was considered a violation.
身边长辈还没有回答。 The elders around him have not yet answered.
比试现场，王叶就已经说出答案：“是爱啊，这个幸运魔法阵含有我哥对我无尽的爱！”
At the competition scene, Wang Ye had already said the answer: "It's love, this lucky magic array contains my brother's endless love for me!" ”
小姑娘王叶张开双手，咏叹一般地道：“爱，才是这世界上最伟大、最厉害、最深入人心的力量！我拥有了我木哥的爱，我就拥有了无穷的力量，就好像我木哥一直跟在我身边……”
The little girl Wang Ye opened her hands and said like an aria: "Love is the greatest, most powerful, and most deeply rooted power in the world!" I have the love of my brother Mu, and I have infinite power, as if my brother Mu has always been by my side......"
兽人少年转身就走：“债见！” The orc boy turned around and left: "See you! ”
王叶插腰，撇嘴：“没见识。” Wang Ye interjected and pouted: "I don't know." ”
看台上的雷木给自己戴上了兜帽，他实在受不了附近陨星师生那满是调侃的目光了。
Reimu in the stands put a hood on himself, and he really couldn't stand the mocking gazes of the nearby meteorite teachers and students.
“奇怪，为什么什么指示都没有？”兽人少年又绕回来了。
"Strange, why aren't there any instructions?" The orc boy circled back again.
王叶冷傲地道：“怎么没有指示？那么多的指示放在那儿，你没看到吗？”
Wang Ye said coldly and arrogantly: "Why is there no instruction?" Don't you see so many instructions put there? ”
兽人少年左看看右看看，嘴巴慢慢张大。 The orc boy looked left and right, his mouth slowly opening wide.
“啊！我知道了！”王叶抢先道。 "Ahh I know! Wang Ye preemptively said.
兽人少年闭嘴，无语看他。 The orc boy shut up and looked at him speechlessly.
王叶随手抓起地上的锄头和一个篮子，鄙视少年：“你反应太慢了。”
Wang Ye grabbed the hoe and a basket on the ground casually, and despised the young man: "You are too slow to react." ”
“小叶子是吧？”兽人少年盯着王叶头顶看了看，说道：“你有加分了。”
"Little leaf, huh?" The orc boy stared at the top of Wang Ye's head and said, "You have a bonus." ”
虽然只是1分，但也比普遍的0分要好看得多。 Although it is only a 1 point, it is also much better than the general 0 score.
反应快的不止王叶，也有其他参赛者拿起了地上的工具和相应物资。
It was not only Wang Ye who reacted quickly, but also other contestants who picked up the tools and corresponding materials on the ground.
陨星另外两个学生找过来，这两位都是高年级生，两人盯着王叶看了半天，想到这里是比赛现场，到底没有多问什么，只带着点关照的意思，对王小叶道：“一起吧，你跟着我们。”
The other two students of the meteorite came over, these two were senior students, the two stared at Wang Ye for a long time, thinking that this was the scene of the game, they didn't ask anything more, only with a little care, and said to Wang Xiaoye: "Come together, you follow us." ”
兽人少年也招呼自己的同伴。 The orc boy also greeted his companions.
他的同伴也过来了。 His companions also came.
六个人彼此看看对方的脑袋上方，就算通过名了。加上彼此第一印象都还可以，两校的学生就暂时结成了小队。
Six people look at each other's heads above each other's heads, and the name is passed. In addition, the first impression of each other was okay, and the students of the two schools temporarily formed a team.
自认为是队伍里强者的高年级生在一起商量接下来要怎么办。
The seniors, who thought they were the strongest in the team, discussed what to do next.
王小叶因为年龄太小，又是队伍中唯一的“女孩子”，就没人询问他的意见。不是瞧不起他，而是出于照顾的意思。
Because Wang Xiaoye was too young and the only "girl" in the team, no one asked for his opinion. Not to look down on him, but out of care.
王叶也乐得自在，其实他更想一个人，但……谁让他是陨星的学生呢，外面还有那么多人看着呢，他也不好一开始就把大家都甩了单干。
Wang Ye is also happy, in fact, he wants to be alone, but ...... Who made him a student of the Meteorite, there are still so many people watching outside, and he can't leave everyone alone in the first place.
再说，他现在和陨星就是一体。 Besides, he's one with the meteorite now.
王叶见几人商量得热火朝天，就拎着篮子在附近晃荡起来。
Wang Ye saw that the discussion was in full swing, so he carried the basket and swayed nearby.
他不时翻动放在地上的各种工具、种子、材料，包括地上的土壤等。
From time to time, he turned over various tools, seeds, and materials that were placed on the ground, including the soil on the ground.
有些参赛者就会警告他，说那些东西已经归他们了，让他离远一点。
Some of the contestants would warn him that the things belonged to them and told him to stay away.
王叶还真就离远了。 Wang Ye is really far away.
这个比试场地乍一看就像是个大菜园子。 At first glance, the test site looks like a large vegetable garden.
有一半荒地，一半土壤看起来还算肥沃。 Half wasteland, half of the soil looks fairly fertile.
王叶试着走出菜园子，还真走出去了。 Wang Ye tried to get out of the vegetable garden, and he really walked out.
外面有山有水，简直一派乡村田园风情。 There are mountains and rivers outside, and it is simply a rural idyllic atmosphere.
顺着菜园子往前走，会经过一个池塘，池塘边上有一栋草屋。
As you walk along the vegetable garden, you will pass a pond with a thatched hut on the edge of the pond.
草屋后面是大片的田地，但田地里的农作物看着很稀疏，像是疏于照顾，又像是土壤肥力不够。
Behind the thatched hut is a large field, but the crops in the field look very sparse, as if they have not been cared for, and as if the soil fertility is not enough.
王叶左右打量一番，把他拿着的锄头和篮子放到路边草丛里，这才走到草屋前。
Wang Ye looked left and right, put the hoe and basket he was holding in the grass by the roadside, and then walked to the front of the grass hut.
王叶正要上前敲门。 Wang Ye was about to step forward and knock on the door.
突然一阵风从他身边掠过，一名穿着双月校服的高年级生已经抢在他前面，敲响了草屋门扉。
Suddenly, a gust of wind passed by him, and a senior student in a bilunar school uniform had already rushed ahead of him and knocked on the door of the thatched hut.
草屋里响起脚步声，还伴随着几声咳嗽。 There was the sound of footsteps in the hut, accompanied by a few coughs.
门吱呀一声打开，一名老妪露出脸：“你是谁？有什么事？”
The door creaked open, and an old woman showed her face: "Who are you?" What's the matter? ”
双月高年级生还没有来得及开口，那老妪看到了不远处自家菜园子里忽然出现了大量人员，当即又慌又怒地叫起来：“你们是什么人，为什么跑到我家菜园里？你们是不是想偷东西？啊！你手上的是什么，你们真的在偷东西。你们这些……”
Before the senior students of Shuangyue could speak, the old woman saw a large number of people suddenly appear in her vegetable garden not far away, and immediately shouted in a panic and anger: "Who are you, why did you run to my vegetable garden?" Are you trying to steal? Yes! What's on your hands, you're really stealing. You ......"
老妪看到双月高年级生手中拿着的工具和种子，转头就砰地关上大门。
不一会儿，草屋后方就响起了激烈的敲锣声。 After a while, a fierce gong sounded behind the thatched hut.
王叶冲着那双月男生挑衅的一笑。 Wang Ye smiled defiantly at the two-moon boy.
这一笑，本来就有点邪性的小孩更加邪魅。 This laugh makes the already a little evil child even more evil.
实在是他脸上的魔法阵妆太……奇异。
头顶顶着内德这个名字的双月高年级生狠狠瞪了眼王小叶，还呵斥他：“笑什么笑，小怪物。”
王叶冷下脸：“以大欺小，你忘了我们在幻境比赛场的一举一动，外面人都看得见？”
Wang Ye lowered his face coldly: "Bullying the small, have you forgotten that our every move in the fantasy arena can be seen by outsiders?" ”
内德：“……我又没有对你做什么，是你先对我怪笑。”
Ned: "...... I didn't do anything to you, you smiled at me first. ”
“我不跟你吵架，太幼稚了。我走了。”王叶真的拔腿就走。
"I don't quarrel with you, it's too naïve. I'm leaving. Wang Ye really pulled his legs and left.
内德：“……”这小女孩好讨厌！ Ned: "......" This little girl is so annoying!
王叶很高兴，这个内德也在那天挑衅他的人当中，结果面对面，对方半点都没有认出他。
Wang Ye was very happy that this Ned was also among the people who provoked him that day, and as a result, face to face, the other party didn't recognize him at all.
而赛场外面，看台上不少观众都在寻找一个小男孩。 And outside the stadium, many spectators in the stands were looking for a little boy.
但找了半天都没找到。 But I searched for a long time but couldn't find it.
“奇怪，那个陨星的小孩不是说他参加了三项考试，其中之一就是培植吗？怎么没看到他？”
"It's strange, didn't that kid from the meteor say that he took three exams, one of which was cultivation? Why didn't you see him? ”
“是哦，年龄最小的好像就一个小女孩，也是陨星的。”
"yes, the youngest seems to be a little girl, and she is also a meteorite."
“陨星今年怎么了，都派小孩子……啊！” "What's wrong with the meteorite this year, they all send children...... Yes! ”
“啊啊！” "Ahh
好几个人一起面面相觑。 Several people looked at each other together.
有人异口同声说：“不会那个女孩就是那个男孩？” Someone said in unison, "No, that girl is that boy?" ”
双月好些学生感到了不自在，去挑衅一个厚脸皮的小男孩，还凑合，但那么多人跑去骂人家一个十岁不到的小女孩，就有点尴尬了。
Many students in Biyue felt uncomfortable and made do with provoking a cheeky little boy, but it was a little embarrassing for so many people to run to scold a little girl who was less than ten years old.
“其实那小孩也没做什么，不就是看到孺慕的对象叫师父吗。感觉内德他们有点小题大做。”
"Actually, the kid didn't do anything, didn't he just see that the object of his admiration was called Master. It feels like Ned they're making a bit of a fuss. ”
“内德他们不都是那个撒奇尔的狗腿子？他们做什么，撒奇尔会不知道？”双月学校也有很多看撒奇尔不顺眼的学生。
"Ned, aren't they all that Thatcher's doglegs? What do they do, Thatcher will not know? "There are also a lot of students at Bimonthly School who don't like Thatcher.
“算了，不说了，我们看比赛吧。” "Forget it, let's watch the game."
除了学生，各位大佬们也在说话。 In addition to the students, the bigwigs are also talking.
“今年的比试幻境似乎和往年不一样。” "This year's competition fantasy seems to be different from previous years."
“今年是关键年嘛，肯定要有所不同。” "This year is a critical year, so it must be different."
“可是这也相差太大了，要让学生怎么比试？” "But this is too much of a difference, how can students compete?"
“你还没看出来吗，比赛比的可不止是培植知识，还有学生的综合能力，不说要你掌握其他专业知识，但社会常识和自我判断能力以及随机应变应该都含在其中了。”
"Haven't you seen that the competition is not only about cultivating knowledge, but also about the comprehensive ability of students, not to mention that you need to master other professional knowledge, but social common sense, self-judgment ability and improvisation should be included in it."
“原来如此，看来上面是想选出更有适应性的天才，而不是只会死学习的书呆子。”
"I see, it seems that the above wants to select more adaptable geniuses, not nerds who will only die studying."
“差不多就是这意思。” "That's pretty much it."
有教授担忧地看向光幕，他们不少人推荐的学生可都是书呆子型。
Some professors looked at the light curtain worriedly, many of the students they recommended were nerds.
这些小书呆需要有人给他们一个课题，再去钻研，或者对自己感兴趣的就钻进去，但让小书呆们自己发现问题并解决问题，就有点困难了。
These little nerds need someone to give them a topic to study and then delve into it, or they can dive into it if they are interested, but it is a bit difficult to let the little nerds find problems and solve them on their own.
比赛现场。 The scene of the competition.
铜锣声敲响了好一会儿，附近却没有什么反应。 The gong rang for a while, but there was no reaction nearby.
内德再次去敲门，但老妪却再也不肯开门。 Ned knocked again, but the old woman refused to open it again.
内德还绕去后门看了，后门也紧紧关闭着。 Ned also went around the back door, which was also tightly closed.
王叶重新拿起篮子和锄头，施展轻功迅速跑向后山。 Wang Ye picked up the basket and hoe again, and quickly ran to the back mountain with light skills.
内德转头，就发现小女孩不见了。 Ned turned his head and saw that the little girl was gone.
陨星的两名参赛生也才发现小叶子不见了。 The two contestants of the meteorite also discovered that the small leaf was missing.
兽人少年一指菜园子外，说：“我看她跑出去了，要跟上去吗？”
The orc boy pointed to the outside of the vegetable garden and said, "I see that she has run out, do you want to follow?" ”
陨星两名参赛生互相看了看，摇头：“不用了，小叶子聪明得很，他可能发现了什么，我们先按照计划做我们的，他如果有什么发现会来告诉我们。”
The two contestants looked at each other and shook their heads: "No need, Xiao Yezi is very smart, he may have discovered something, we will do ours according to the plan first, and he will tell us if he finds anything." ”
兽人少年有点可惜，早知他也跟上去看看了。 The orc boy was a bit of a pity, and he knew that he would follow him to take a look.
不过这次培植比试，他可是兽人学校三人小队的领头人，不能随便跑。
However, in this cultivation competition, he is the leader of the three-person team of the orc school, and he can't run casually.
留下的五人决定先开辟一小块田地，种下种子，然后再因地制宜寻找适合的材料来做培植液，最后再用培植液浇灌土壤和种子。
The five people who stayed behind decided to open up a small field first, plant the seeds, then find suitable materials to make the cultivation solution according to local conditions, and finally use the cultivation solution to water the soil and seeds.
菜园里的学生们开始根据需要，互相商讨着交换彼此抢到的工具和物资等。
The students in the vegetable garden began to discuss with each other as needed, exchanging tools and supplies that they had snatched from each other.
也有学生走出菜地，要么去寻找新的材料，要么就去寻找别的可能性。
There are also students who go out of the vegetable patch to either look for new materials or other possibilities.
王叶看到草屋后面有一条人踩出来的小路，从田埂一路通向后山。
Wang Ye saw that there was a path behind the thatched hut that people had stepped on, leading from the ridge all the way to the back mountain.
他沿着小路奔到后山，果然又发现一条被人踩踏出来的上山小路。
He ran along the path to the back mountain, and sure enough, he found another path up the mountain that had been trampled on.
沿着山路上山，王叶看到了山上有还算丰富的植被，其中有不少都适合做为培植液的原材料。
Along the mountain road, Wang Ye saw that there was quite a lot of vegetation on the mountain, many of which were suitable as raw materials for cultivation liquid.
王叶加快速度，培植比试的时间为三个小时。时限一到，不管你那时正在做什么，都会被扔出比赛幻境。
Wang Ye sped up, and the cultivation competition time was three hours. When the time limit is up, whatever you're doing at the time will be thrown out of the game fantasy.
快跑到半山腰时，王叶听到了微弱的求救声。 When he was about to run halfway up the mountain, Wang Ye heard a faint cry for help.
他顺着声音找过去，看到了一名半躺在树根下的老头。 He followed the sound and saw an old man half-lying under the roots of a tree.
老头满脸皱纹，手瘦得跟铁爪一样，他抓着自己的腿发出痛苦的呻吟。
The old man's face was wrinkled, his hands were as thin as iron claws, and he clutched his legs and groaned in pain.
“老人家，你的腿怎么了？”王叶先发出声音，才慢慢走向老头。
"Old man, what's wrong with your leg?" Wang Ye made a sound before slowly walking towards the old man.
老头看到一个小女孩出现，似乎对她脸上的奇怪妆容半点不惊讶，反而露出一点惊喜说：“小姑娘，老头我的小腿似乎断了，不能再走动，可我刚刚听到我家老婆子的铜锣声，家里肯定发生急事了。我这边还能再等等，你能不能帮我去看看我的老婆子，看看她发生了什么事，需不需要帮忙。”
When the old man saw a little girl appear, he didn't seem to be surprised at all by the strange makeup on her face, but showed a little surprise and said, "Little girl, old man, my calf seems to be broken, and I can't walk anymore, but I just heard the sound of my wife's gong, and something must have happened in the house." I can wait a little longer, can you help me go and see my wife, see what happened to her, and if she needs help. ”
老头抓过放在树根边的箩筐，往前推了推：“老头子家里穷，也没什么好东西。如果你愿意跑一趟，这些山货你可以看着挑一件。”
The old man grabbed the basket that was placed by the root of the tree and pushed it forward: "The old man's family is poor, and he has nothing good. If you're willing to take a run, you can look at these mountain goods and pick one. ”
王叶摇摇头。 Wang Ye shook his head.
老头脸露失望。 The old man's face was disappointed.
王叶在老头身边蹲下：“我是一名药师，如果您不介意的话，让我看看你的腿伤如何？比起让我去看您家人的情况，您应该更想自己去看看吧？”
Wang Ye squatted down beside the old man: "I'm a pharmacist, if you don't mind, let me see how your leg injury is?" You would rather see it yourself than let me see your family, right? ”
老头眼睛亮起来：“你是药师？太好了，我还以为我今天要等到我儿子他们回来，才能让他们把我抬到山那边的村里去找药师。小姑娘，那就麻烦你了。”
The old man's eyes lit up: "You are a pharmacist?" Great, I thought I would have to wait until my sons and they came back today before they could carry me to the village on the other side of the hill to find the medicine man. Little girl, then I'm sorry for you. ”
王叶摞起老头的裤腿，查看他受伤的小腿。 Wang Ye stacked the old man's trouser leg and checked his injured calf.
老头左右两只腿都受伤了，不过一只腿是擦伤，还有一只腿脚踝往上的部位高高肿起，一碰就疼。
The old man's left and right legs were injured, but one leg was abrased, and the other leg was swollen high and swollen from the ankle upwards, and it hurt when touched.
王叶甚至没有寻找药草，他直接使用治疗术【生生不息】，给老头把两条腿治疗了一遍。
Wang Ye didn't even look for medicinal herbs, he directly used the healing technique [Endless Life] to treat the old man's two legs.
老头惊讶地张开嘴巴，看着几乎瞬间愈合的双腿，似乎不可置信。
The old man opened his mouth in surprise and looked at his legs, which had healed almost instantly, in disbelief.
“你、你是高贵的魔法师？”老头颤着声音问。 "Y-You're a noble magician?" The old man asked in a trembling voice.
王叶笑了笑，他的哥特妆看起来特别黑暗，但老头却适应良好，完全不像是普通没见识的村民会有的反应。
Wang Ye smiled, his gothic makeup looked particularly dark, but the old man adapted well, not at all like the reaction of ordinary uninformed villagers.
王叶暗中猜测是幻境简化了NPC们的反应，还是这个老头和他口中的村庄还有更深的背景？
Wang Ye secretly guessed if the illusion simplified the NPCs' reactions, or if this old man and the village he spoke of had a deeper background?
走一步看一步吧。 Let's take it one step at a time.
王叶点头承认：“我算不上多么高明的魔法师，其实我最擅长也不是治疗术，而是培植能力。您知道培植吗？就是专门培育植物，做各种促进植物生长，并研究植物的专业。”
Wang Ye nodded and admitted, "I'm not a very clever magician, in fact, what I'm best at is not healing, but cultivating ability. Do you know about cultivation? It is a specialty that specializes in cultivating plants, doing various kinds of promoting plant growth, and researching plants. ”
“知道知道。”老头非常高兴，他试着爬起来走了两步。
"Yes, yes." The old man was so pleased that he tried to get up and took two steps.
“不疼了！能走了！”老头高兴得不知如何是好，连连感谢王叶，并非要把那一箩筐的山货都送给王叶。
"It doesn't hurt anymore! I can go! The old man was so happy that he didn't know what to do, and thanked Wang Ye again and again, not to give Wang Ye all the baskets of mountain goods.
王叶看老头是真心想送，就收下了。 Wang Ye saw that the old man really wanted to send it, so he accepted it.
老头见他收下山货，像是放了心，当即又满脸希望地问：“您是不是就是村里去伯爵府那边求来的培植大师？”
When the old man saw him accept the mountain goods, he seemed to be relieved, and immediately asked with a hopeful face: "Are you the cultivation master from the village who went to the Earl's Mansion to beg?" ”
“大师不敢当。”王叶没有正面回答，而是说道：“我听说这边似乎出了一点问题……”
"The master doesn't dare to be." Wang Ye didn't answer directly, but said, "I heard that there seems to be a little problem here......"
“是的是的！”老头不等王叶说完，就焦急地说了一堆话：“今年也不知怎么回事，我们都跟往年一样侍候田地，可今年自从把种子播下去，不管是哪种作物，长得都不好。明明雨水也正常，山上的植被您看长得也很好，就我们的田地出了问题。我家这边还好，村里那边的土地更糟糕。”
"Yes, yes!" The old man didn't wait for Wang Ye to finish speaking, and said a bunch of things anxiously: "I don't know what's going on this year, we are all waiting for the fields as in previous years, but since the seeds are sown this year, no matter what kind of crop it is, it will not grow well." Obviously, the rain is normal, and the vegetation on the mountain is also growing very well, but there is a problem with our fields. It's okay on my side of the house, but it's even worse on the other side of the village. ”
“您不用担心，我既然来了，就会帮你好好看看。” "Don't worry, since I'm here, I'll help you take a good look."
“太好了！我先带您去村里，啊，我老婆子……” "Great! I'll take you to the village first, ah, my wife......"
王叶善解人意地道：“也不急在这一时。我们先去看看您家人吧，免得您担心。”
Wang Ye said understandingly: "I'm not in a hurry at this time." Let's go see your family first, so you don't have to worry. ”
“谢谢谢谢。”老人感激无比，一边和王叶并肩而行，一边就详细介绍起他家的田地和村里田地的异常。
"Thank you, thank you." The old man was extremely grateful, and while walking side by side with Wang Ye, he gave a detailed account of the abnormalities in his family's fields and the fields in the village.
王叶一边听一边还会问些问题，比如今年有没有古怪的雨水落下，有没有用其他水源浇地，包括有没有野兽经过田地等等。
As Wang Ye listened, he would also ask some questions, such as whether there was any strange rain falling this year, whether other water sources were used to water the ground, including whether there were wild beasts passing through the fields, and so on.
“哎呀，你这么一问，我才想起来一件事。年初的时候，就在我们播种前，天空有鸟群飞过，拉了很多鸟屎，我们当时也没在意，后来一阵雨一下，那鸟屎也都没了。可我家老婆子说，那两天用山里溪水洗衣服，衣服好像特别容易破掉。”
"Oh, I just remembered one thing when you asked. At the beginning of the year, just before we planted the seeds, a flock of birds flew in the sky and pulled a lot of bird droppings, and we didn't pay attention to it at the time, and then there was a burst of rain and the bird droppings were gone. But my wife said that in those two days, I washed my clothes with mountain streams, and my clothes seemed to be particularly easy to break. ”
“这样吗？”王叶心里有数了。 "Is that so?" Wang Ye knew it in his heart.
老人和王叶快速下山，老人还没到草屋跟前，就连声叫着老婆子。
The old man and Wang Ye quickly descended the mountain, and before the old man reached the thatched house, he called out to the old woman.
那老妪听到老伴的声音，终于打开门。 The old woman heard her wife's voice and finally opened the door.
“家里发生了什么事？我听到了铜锣声。” "What's going on at home? I heard the sound of a gong. ”
“他爹！发生大事了，有一群小贼跑到我们菜园里，乱拿我们家的东西。”
"Dad! Something big happened, a group of thieves came into our vegetable garden and took our things. ”
“什么？！”老人大怒：“这些小偷！看我去教训他们。”
"What?!" The old man was furious: "These thieves! Watch me teach them. ”
老人挽袖子就走，但刚走一步，他就回头对老伴说：“啊，差点忘了，这小姑娘是村里请来的培植师，她同时还是高贵的魔法师，她还在山上救了我，我腿摔断了，要不是她听到求救声找到我，我还不知道怎么样。”
The old man rolled up his sleeves and left, but as soon as he took a step, he turned back to his wife and said, "Ah, I almost forgot, this little girl is a cultivator invited by the village, and she is also a noble magician, and she also saved me on the mountain, and my leg was broken, and if she hadn't heard the cry for help and found me, I don't know what would have happened." ”
老妪像是这时才看到王小叶，那张略刻薄的老脸突然就笑成了老菊花，特别热情地对王叶说：“尊敬的培植师大人，感谢您救了我家老头子。”
The old woman seemed to have only seen Wang Xiaoye at this time, and her slightly mean old face suddenly turned into an old chrysanthemum, and she said to Wang Ye with great enthusiasm: "Dear cultivator, thank you for saving my old man." ”
王叶拎着锄头和篮子，特别自然地说：“我在路上发现的，猜想可能是你们家的，就带过来了。”
Wang Ye carried a hoe and a basket, and said very naturally: "I found it on the road, and I guessed that it might be your family, so I brought it here." ”
“谢谢谢谢！您可真是大好人！”老妇人接过锄头和篮子，连声感谢。
"Thank you, thank you! You're such a nice guy! The old woman took the hoe and basket and thanked her.
老头又跟老伴说：“培植师大人肯定很忙，你赶紧带她去田地里看看，如果培植师大人需要什么材料，你赶紧给准备好，如果我们家没有，就去村里要。”
The old man said to his wife again: "Master Cultivator must be very busy, you hurry up and take her to the field to see, if Master Cultivator needs any materials, you can quickly prepare them, if our family does not have them, go to the village to ask for them." ”
“好的好的，我知道了。老头子您赶紧去菜园子那边，把人都赶走！”
"Okay, okay, I got it. Hurry up, old man, to the vegetable garden and get rid of everyone! ”
王叶突然上前扯住老头子的手臂：“老人家，我有同伴，他们刚才就是看到那边田地里有很多人，担心有人做坏事才跑过去。我两个同伴穿的衣服跟我类似，还有三个兽人少年，您一看就知道了。”
Wang Ye suddenly stepped forward and grabbed the old man's arm: "Old man, I have companions, they just saw a lot of people in the field over there, and they ran over because they were worried that someone would do something bad." Two of my companions wore clothes similar to mine, and three orc boys, as you can tell at a glance. ”
“好的，我知道了。放心，老头子人老眼不花，可不会弄错人。”老头摆摆手，转眼就奔出老远。
"Okay, I got it. Rest assured, the old man is not dazzled, but he will not make a mistake. The old man waved his hand, and in a blink of an eye, he ran away.
王叶就听到一声大吼：“好一群小贼！都给我去地窖里待着！”
Wang Ye heard a loud roar: "What a group of thieves!" Let me stay in the cellar! ”
老头冲进菜园，只见一阵拳打脚踢，战气阵阵。 The old man rushed into the vegetable garden, only to see a burst of punches and kicks, and a burst of fighting spirit.
所有参赛学生全倒下了。 All the students in the competition fell.
就剩两个陨星的参赛者和三名兽人学生站着。 There were only two Meteorite contestants and three orc students standing.
五个人一脸惊恐加迷茫。 The five of them looked frightened and confused.
王叶：哇哦，竟然是武师！还是超厉害的武师。 Wang Ye: Wow, it's a martial artist! is still a super powerful martial artist.
比试幻境外面，看台中不知多少人在叫：“好过分啊！怎么可以这样。”
Outside the hall, there were many people in the stands shouting: "It's too much!" How can this be. ”
“作弊啊，这简直就是作弊！” "Cheating, this is cheating!"
“这怎么能算作弊呢？明明是人小女孩观察力强，人还会治疗魔法！”
"How can this count as cheating? Obviously, she is a human little girl with strong observation, and people can also heal magic! ”
“解题思路不止一个，不会治疗魔法也可以帮助老人，从而得到重要信息。”
"There is more than one way to solve the problem, and you can help the elderly without healing magic, so as to get important information."
“可惜啊，我们学校也有人从菜园里出来了，只是没有找准方向。”
"It's a pity that some people in our school came out of the vegetable garden, but they didn't find the right direction."
“啊啊啊，今年的比赛怎么可以这样，这让大家还怎么展开实力？”
"Ahh
“判断力也是实力的一种，运气也是。” "Judgment is also a type of strength, and so is luck."
“就是！” "That's it!"
陨星的人嘴都要笑歪了。 The people of the falling star are going to smile crookedly.
兽人学校那边的大佬几乎立刻就对陨星学校那边送去了友谊的眼波：这恩情，我们记住了！
The big guy on the orc school side almost immediately sent a friendly eye wave to the Meteor School: This kindness, we remember!
第199章 解决初级场 Chapter 199: Solving the Primary Field
地窖就在菜园子旁边，老头打开地窖门，就把那些昏迷的学生全都扔进了地窖里。
The cellar was next to the vegetable garden, and when the old man opened the cellar door, he threw all the unconscious students into the cellar.
看到这一幕，多少人向陨星方向发射出目光飞刀。而兽人学校那边则收到了无数羡慕妒忌的目光。
Seeing this scene, how many people launched their gaze flying knives in the direction of the meteorite. The orc school, on the other hand, received countless envious and jealous glances.
陨星人巍然不动：有种你们来咬我们啊，哼！ The meteorite stood still: You guys are coming to bite us, huh!
兽人学校：呵呵，所以小孩子交什么样的朋友真的很重要啊。
Orc School: Hehe, so it's really important what kind of friends children make.
场外观众所有人都在看王叶头顶现在的分数。 Everyone in the audience outside the arena was watching the current score on Wang Ye's head.
9分。 9 points.
1分来源于最先发现菜园子里的工具等物并拿起来。 1 point comes from being the first to find tools and other items in the vegetable garden and pick them up.
3分是他得到了老头的馈赠，一箩筐可以做培植液的原材料。
3 points is that he received a gift from the old man, a basket can be used as raw materials for cultivation liquid.
5分是他获得了老夫妇俩的认可，成为了培植师，更方便接下来的培植比赛。
5 points is that he has been recognized by the old couple and has become a cultivator, which is more convenient for the next cultivation competition.
每次王叶新得分，都会有声音自动进行介绍。 Every time Wang Yexin scores, there will be a voice that will automatically introduce him.
光幕现在会自动锁定新得分的参赛者，给他们镜头，再跟众人解释他们得分的原因。
The light curtain will now automatically lock on to the new scorer, give them a shot, and explain to the crowd why they scored.
众人发现王叶救人并没有直接得分，这总算让其他学校的人好受了一些。看来培植专业比赛，得分还是以培植为主。
Everyone found that Wang Ye didn't score directly to save people, which finally made people from other schools feel better. It seems that in the cultivation professional competition, the scoring is still based on cultivation.
目前王叶的得分也都是围绕培植得到。 At present, Wang Ye's scores are also based on cultivation.
比试现场。 The scene of the competition.
王叶判断老头的实力至少超过六级，七级也有可能。 Wang Ye judged that the old man's strength was at least more than level six, and level seven was also possible.
另外就是幻境比试，NPC在实力上肯定有加成，没见那些学生连反应都来不及都昏了吗？全部过程不超过三十秒。
The other is the illusion competition.,NPCs must have a bonus in strength.,Didn't you see those students who didn't even have time to react? The whole process takes no more than 30 seconds.
这应该就是一种惩罚机制。 This should be a punishment mechanism.
而参赛者们想要逃出这个惩罚机制，有三十秒的反应时间，可惜第一场比试，大家都没经验，这才基本都栽了。
And the contestants want to escape this punishment mechanism, and they have 30 seconds to react, but unfortunately in the first game, everyone has no experience, so they are basically planted.
只有几个离开菜园在外探索的学生逃过一劫。 Only a few students who left the garden to explore the garden escaped.
王叶快速做出推测，一边跟着老妇人来到她家后院的田地中。
Wang Ye quickly made a guess as he followed the old woman to the field in her backyard.
老妇人分别介绍了他们家种植的三种农作物，然后拿出往年的数值做对比，以此证明今年所有农作物的长势都非常不好。
The old woman introduced each of the three crops they had grown, and then compared them with the values of previous years, so as to prove that all the crops were not growing well this year.
“往年长势是现在的三倍？”王叶诧异。 "In previous years, it was three times as big as it is now?" Wang Ye was surprised.
老妇人自夸道：“对，就是三倍，有时候好的时候，接近四倍都有过。”
The old woman boasted to herself, "Yes, three times, and sometimes in good times, nearly four times." ”
王叶看着满田地稀疏枯黄的作物苗，半天说不出话来。 Wang Ye looked at the sparse and withered yellow crop seedlings all over the field, and was speechless for a long time.
老妇人还担心王叶不能解决他们家和村里的问题，期期艾艾地道：“其实不用恢复到往年的样子，只要能让这批作物能长大、能收获就好。”
The old woman was also worried that Wang Ye would not be able to solve the problems of their family and village, so she said: "Actually, there is no need to restore the appearance of previous years, as long as this batch of crops can grow and be harvested." ”
王叶目光复杂地看着老妇人，忍不住道：“您要求真的不用这么低。”
Wang Ye looked at the old woman with complicated eyes, and couldn't help but say, "You really don't have to be so low. ”
“哎？”老妇人愣。 "Huh?" The old woman was stunned.
王叶也没大包大揽，只道：“我需要做一些测试。” Wang Ye didn't take it all over, but said, "I need to do some tests." ”
“可以可以，你随便做。”老妇人咬咬嘴唇，又道：“就是苗子你少拔一点啊，这死得已经没多少棵了。”
"Yes, you can do whatever you want." The old woman bit her lip and said, "It's just that you pull out a little less seedling, there are not many dead trees." ”
“放心，不会伤害你的苗。” "Don't worry, it won't hurt your seedlings."
“有相关工具吗？”王叶随口问了声。 "Do you have the tools to do so?" Wang Ye asked casually.
规则不允许他们带进多余的东西，那就表示他们需要的工具只能在比试幻境中获得。
The rules don't allow them to bring in extra things, which means that the tools they need can only be obtained in the Fantasy Arena.
“有有有！我们家就有一套，就是比较简陋，没有村里准备的好。我们家的还是很早以前一位培植师大人留下来的。”老妇人又带着王叶去了田地旁边的一个草棚子。
"Yes, yes, yes! We have one set in our family, but it is relatively simple, and it is not as good as the preparation in the village. Our family was left by a cultivator a long time ago. Then the old woman took Wang Ye to a straw shed beside the field.
草棚子上着锁，显然没有NPC带着过来，这里面的东西还不一定好拿到。
The grass shed is locked, and obviously no NPC has brought it over, so the things in it may not be easy to get.
草棚子凌乱放着不少工具，其中制作培植液和分析土壤、水质、作物等的相关工具也有，但堆得乱七八糟，有的还有些破损。
There are many tools in the grass shed, including tools for making cultivation liquid and analyzing soil, water quality, crops, etc., but they are piled up in a mess, and some are somewhat damaged.
王叶头顶的分数从9分变成了14分。寻找到整套工具，得5分。
The score above Wang Ye's head changed from 9 to 14. Find the whole set of tools and get 5 points.
就在王叶整理工具的时候，陨星的两个参赛者和兽人学校的三个跑来了。
Just as Wang Ye was sorting out his tools, two contestants from the Falling Star and three from the Orc School came running.
他们是听到老人指点，知道他们的同伴在这里，才跑过来。
They heard the old man's pointing, and knew that their companion was here, so they came running.
五个人跑过来时还一头雾水。 The five men came running in confusion.
王叶看到五个人过来，正好指使他们，让他们把草棚里的工具都整理出来。
Wang Ye saw five people coming, and just instructed them to sort out all the tools in the grass shed.
老妇人看到这五人，态度也还可以，还笑着跟他们打招呼。
When the old woman saw these five people, her attitude was okay, and she greeted them with a smile.
兽人少年挺善于交际，他一边忙活，一边跟老妇人搭话，他这个年纪的男孩，长得不错，性格又开朗，很容易获得老年妇女的喜欢。
The orc boy was very sociable, he was busy with his work, and at the same time he accosted the old woman, a boy of his age, good looking, and cheerful, and easily liked by the old woman.
兽人少年和老妇人交谈不到两分钟，就弄明白了前因后果。
The orc boy and the old woman talked for less than two minutes before they figured out what was going on.
其他人也听了大概。 Others listened probably.
兽人少年过来就拍王叶的肩膀，半途想到对方是小女孩，就改为摸摸头。
The orc boy patted Wang Ye on the shoulder when he came over, and halfway thought that the other party was a little girl, so he touched his head instead.
王叶闪过，他的头是随便给人摸的吗？ Wang Ye flashed, was his head touched casually?
兽人少年也不在意，小女孩那黑暗系的妆容就已经证明这女孩性格不会是甜美可爱系。
The orc boy didn't care, the little girl's dark makeup already proved that this girl's personality would not be sweet and cute.
“谢谢你啊，小叶子，你和你堂哥一样讲义气！” "Thank you, Xiao Yezi, you are just as righteous as your cousin!"
王叶：“……” Wang Ye: "......"
兽人少年用拇指指了指自己：“再郑重自我介绍一次，我，虎飞弓，图腾战士，爱好种田和打架，以后你要是需要有人帮你打架，随时找我！”
The orc boy pointed at himself with his thumb: "Introduce myself solemnly again, I, Tiger Flying Bow, totem warrior, love farming and fighting, if you need someone to help you fight in the future, feel free to find me!" ”
另外两个兽人少年也重新介绍自己，其实大家都能看到彼此脑袋上的名字，这种介绍只是表示：我们现在真的把你当自己人看了。
The other two orc boys also reintroduced themselves, in fact, everyone could see each other's names on their heads, this introduction just said: We really see you as our own now.
陨星两名学生倒是没特地跟王叶道谢，但两人却很自然地询问王叶接下来要怎么做，让王叶安排。
The two students of Meteorite didn't specifically thank Wang Ye, but the two naturally asked Wang Ye what to do next and let Wang Ye arrange it.
王叶也没客气，分别安排他们整理和清洗工具，再根据每个人的特长，给他们各自安排了分析任务。
Wang Ye was not polite, arranged for them to sort out and clean the tools respectively, and then arranged analysis tasks for each of them according to their strengths.
这个安排，让王叶脑袋上又加1分，14分变15分。 This arrangement made Wang Ye add 1 point to his head, and 14 points became 15 points.
大家对王叶的“命令”毫无意见。 Everyone had no opinion on Wang Ye's "order".
只一个人做分析的话，根本忙不了这么多，也没办法得出非常详尽的分析结果。但人多就不一样了，每个人专门分析一样，再综合起来，相当于只花一倍时间却能做到六倍还多的事情。
If you do the analysis alone, you can't be so busy at all, and you can't come up with very detailed analysis results. But the number of people is different, everyone analyzes the same, and then synthesizes, which is equivalent to taking only twice the time but being able to do more than six times as much.
王叶有鉴定术，还学了药草辨认术，且很多学科其实都有共通的地方，也就是王叶不需要工具，都能对当地土壤、水质、肥料、农作物等做出详细分析。
Wang Ye has identification techniques, and also learned herb identification, and many disciplines actually have something in common, that is, Wang Ye does not need tools, and can make a detailed analysis of local soil, water quality, fertilizers, crops, etc.
在其他人忙碌的时候，王叶自然不可能闲着，他使用鉴定术得出一定的分析结果，又从老妇人那里要了一些没用完的种子，催生后，和地里已经长出来的作物苗进行对比。
When the others were busy, Wang Ye naturally couldn't be idle, he used the identification technique to get a certain analysis result, and asked the old woman for some unused seeds, and after they were born, they were compared with the crop seedlings that had grown in the ground.
王叶沉思片刻，对老妇人提议：“我看过了，您的田地如今靠近池塘的一侧，作物长势都非常不好，反而是靠近后山那一侧，还有挽救的可能。我的建议是，把靠近池塘一侧的苗全部拔了，重新种植。而靠近后山那一侧，我们再想办法挽救。”
Wang Ye pondered for a moment and proposed to the old woman: "I have seen that your field is now close to the side of the pond, and the crops are not growing very well, but it is close to the side of the back mountain, and there is still a possibility of saving." My suggestion is to pull out all the seedlings near the pond side and replant them. And on the side of the back mountain, we will find a way to save it. ”
老妇人捂住心口，舍不得。 The old woman covered her heart, reluctant.
就在这时，老头回来了，他听了老伴转述的王叶的建议，只略一犹豫，就坚定地道：“好，就听你的！我相信你。”
At this moment, the old man came back, he listened to Wang Ye's suggestion relayed by his wife, and only hesitated slightly, then said firmly: "Okay, just listen to you!" I believe you. ”
老妇人欲言又止。 The old woman stopped talking.
王叶自信地道：“我不会让你们后悔。不过在拔苗之前，我们还有一件事要做。”
Wang Ye said confidently: "I won't let you regret it. But there is one more thing we need to do before we pull out the seedlings. ”
片刻后。 A moment later.
“什么？要把池塘的水放干？把里面的泥土都挖出来暴晒？”老妇人惊得睁大眼睛。
"What? Do you want to drain the pond? Dig up all the dirt inside and expose it to the sun? The old woman's eyes widened in astonishment.
老头倒是比较镇定，温和地问：“你这样要求，是因为池塘水有问题吗？”
The old man was calmer and asked gently, "Is it because there is a problem with the pond water that you ask for this?" ”
王叶点头：“虽然水质的分析结果还没有出来，但……你们是不是也会饮用池塘里的水？”
Wang Ye nodded: "Although the results of the water quality analysis have not yet come out, ...... Do you also drink water from the pond? ”
老头和老妇人一起点头。 The old man and the old woman nodded together.
老妇人说：“我们一般烧饭做菜和喝的水，都用的是后山的溪水。池塘水都用来浇灌田地和洗洗刷刷。但那条小溪离我们家比较远，偶尔家里小的偷懒的时候，也会打池塘的水来喝，村里药师说过，池塘水只要沉淀干净再煮开了也没事。”
The old woman said, "We usually use the water from the back mountain for cooking, cooking and drinking. Pond water is used to water the fields and to wash and scrub. But the creek is far away from our house, and occasionally when the family is lazy, they will also draw the water from the pond to drink, and the village pharmacist said that as long as the pond water settles clean and boils, it will be fine. ”
王叶：“饮用水还是喝活水比较好，死水的话，只要水质没问题，煮开了喝也没事。但你们这个池塘的水很可能已经被污染，污染源九成就是年初路过你们这边的那群鸟拉的鸟屎。您老是不是自从那时候开始就时常会咳嗽，感到身体不舒服？”
Wang Ye: "It's better to drink drinking water or live water, if it is stagnant water, as long as the water quality is fine, it's okay to boil it and drink it." But the water in your pond is likely to be polluted, and the source of the pollution is the bird droppings pulled by the birds that passed by you at the beginning of the year. Have you been coughing and feeling unwell since then? ”
老妇人一拍大腿：“哎呀！我就说那鸟屎有问题，他们还不相信我。当时我在池塘那边洗衣服，衣服一股怪味，后来我又转去溪水那边洗，衣服稍微用力揉搓一下就破了。不过后来过了一段时间，再洗衣服就没事了，池塘的水也没怪味道了。”
The old woman slapped her thigh: "Oops! I said there was something wrong with the, and they didn't believe me. I was washing my clothes on the other side of the pond, and my clothes smelled strange, and then I went to the stream to wash them, and my clothes broke when I rubbed them a little harder. But after a while, the laundry was fine, and the water in the pond didn't smell weird. ”
“那鸟屎有毒？那是什么鸟？”老头皱起眉头。 "That bird poop is poisonous? What kind of bird is that? The old man frowned.
“赤头黑尾雀，一种低级魔兽。”一道正在变声期的少年声音响起。
"The red-headed black-tailed finch, a low-level magical beast." A young man's voice sounded in the midst of a voice change.
这时，五人小组那边也差不多得到了比较详细的分析结果。
At this time, the five-person team also got more detailed analysis results.
是一名兽人少年，这名兽人少年身形很是娇小，叫猴小岩。
It is an orc boy, and this orc boy is very petite, called Monkey Xiaoyan.
猴小岩擅长对土壤的分析，个人爱好则是研究各种魔兽粪便，他认为制作培植液，魔兽粪便要比常见的植物和矿物原材料效果更好。
Hou Xiaoyan is good at soil analysis, and his personal hobby is to study all kinds of monster droppings, and he believes that making cultivation liquids, monster droppings are more effective than common plant and mineral raw materials.
这时猴小岩就发挥了自己的所长，侃侃而谈。 At this time, Monkey Xiaoyan gave full play to his strengths and talked eloquently.
在猴小岩的描述中，大家都知道了赤头黑尾雀喜欢吃具有毒性的果实，尤其一种酸性很大、腐蚀性也很强的酸腐果是它们的最爱。
In Monkey Xiaoyan's description, everyone knows that red-headed black-tailed finches like to eat poisonous fruits, especially a very acidic and corrosive sour rot fruit is their favorite.
每次赤头黑尾雀吃完这种果子，就会拉出具有一定毒性的鸟屎。
Every time the red-headed black-tailed finch eats this fruit, it pulls out bird droppings that are somewhat poisonous.
“我想你们这附近的山头很可能长了一片酸腐果，如果你们不想以后每年都遇到赤头黑尾雀，最好的办法就是找出那些酸腐果，要么移植到别的地方，要么就干脆毁掉。”
"I think it's likely that there is a patch of sour rot fruit growing on the hill near you, and if you don't want to encounter the red-headed black-tailed finch every year in the future, the best thing to do is to find those sour rot fruits, either transplant them somewhere else, or destroy them altogether."
当这句话说完，猴小岩头顶的分数嗖地一下上涨了10分。
When this sentence was finished, the score above Monkey Xiaoyan's head suddenly rose by 10 points.
光幕上给了猴小岩一个特写，有声音说明猴小岩能一次性得到10分，是因为他发现了根本性问题，并给出了根本性的解决方法。
A close-up of Monkey Xiaoyan was given on the light curtain, and a voice explained that Monkey Xiaoyan could get 10 points at one time because he found a fundamental problem and gave a fundamental solution.
兽人学校的人都十分骄傲，还有人拍手叫“小岩好样的”。
The people in the orc school were very proud, and some people clapped their hands and shouted, "Xiaoyan is good".
忽然，观众群中有人击掌道：“哎呀，我想起来了，我老家那边好像就发生过同样的灾害。大约是在我出生前。当时被坑的农民特别多，又不知道原因，还以为是得罪了巫师，被施展了黑巫法，还有黑巫师被驱赶什么的。直到第二年、第三年……接连五六年，都有那些鸟飞过，请了对魔兽了解的魔法师过来，才最终弄明白原因。”
Suddenly, someone in the audience high-fived and said, "Oh, I remember, it seems that the same disaster happened in my hometown." It was about before I was born. At that time, there were a lot of peasants who were pitted, and I didn't know why, I thought that they had offended the wizard, and the black witch was cast, and the black wizard was driven out or something. Until the second year, the third year...... For five or six years in a row, those birds flew by, and it took a magician who knew about Warcraft to come over and finally figure out the reason. ”
“原来是有事实做样本的吗？” "Is there a fact to make a sample?"
外面人议论纷纷。 There was a lot of talk outside.
比试幻境内的比试仍在进行中。 The competition in the realm of the competition is still ongoing.
两老都没有怀疑猴小岩的分析结果，他们都在追问要怎么改善已经被毒鸟屎侵害过的土壤和水源。
Neither of the two elders doubted the results of Hou Xiaoyan's analysis, and they both asked how to improve the soil and water that had been infested by poisonous bird droppings.
猴小岩对此就不敢夸夸而谈了，他转头看向其他同伴。 Monkey Xiaoyan didn't dare to talk about this, he turned his head to look at the other companions.
其他几人也有点愁，他们是培植专业的学生，制作培植液、培育植物才是他们的专长，虽说分析土质水质，进而解决根本问题也是他们的涉猎知识点。
Several other people are also a little worried, they are students majoring in cultivation, making cultivation liquid, cultivating plants is their specialty, although analyzing soil water quality, and then solving the fundamental problem is also their knowledge point.
但要改变大面积土壤的土质和水源的水质，就有点头疼。
However, it is a bit of a headache to change the soil quality of a large area of soil and the quality of the water source.
“分析结果都出来了，大家可以都看看。”叫陈潜的陨星高年级生交换了各自手上的分析资料。
王叶也拿了一份。 Wang Ye also took a copy.
双月星的科技发展虽然走向了魔法和异能一道，但万流归宗，对物质的本质分析其实相差并不大，顶多就是名称不一样。
Although the technological development of the Twin Moon Stars has moved towards magic and ability, the analysis of the essence of matter is not much different, at most the name is different.
另外就是多出了是否含有魔力、魔力蕴含值、能量性质等等非常具有超凡风格的分析结果。
In addition, there are more analysis results of whether it contains magic power, magic power containment value, energy properties, and so on.
这份分析报告一出，五个人每个人脑袋上方的分数都再次有了变化。
As soon as this analysis report came out, the scores above the heads of each of the five people changed again.
“我们需要制作相应的药剂来改变这里的土质和水质了。”虎飞弓搔了搔额头。
“那接下来我们分别制作相应药剂和培植液？”陨星另一个学生道。
"Then let's make the corresponding potion and cultivation liquid separately?" Meteorite said another student.
众人互看，最后一起看向王叶。 Everyone looked at each other, and finally looked at Wang Ye together.
王叶耸肩：“那就按照你们想的做，毕竟我们现在还在比赛中。其他人……小贼们虽然暂时被关入地窖，但我想时间不会很长，我猜这就是一个惩罚机制，不可能一直关着他们，也许要不了多久，他们就会被放出来。到时候说不定还会有别的麻烦，所以大家加紧时间吧，争取在他们出来前多拿点分数。”
Wang Ye shrugged: "Then do what you think, after all, we are still in the game now." Others...... The thieves were temporarily locked up in the cellar, but I don't think it would be long, and I guess it was a punishment mechanism, and it was impossible to keep them locked up forever, and maybe it wouldn't be long before they were released. There may be other troubles then, so hurry up and try to get more points before they come out. ”
“对哦！还是小叶子你聪明。”虎飞弓夸赞。 "That's right! Or Xiaoye, you are smart. "Tiger Flying Bow praises.
“那关于相应的工具和原材料……”陈潜看向两位老人。
"Then about the corresponding tools and raw materials......" Chen Qian looked at the two old men.
老头很大方地表示：“只要材料不是很昂贵，只要我们有，就可以提供给你们。”
The old man said very generously: "As long as the materials are not very expensive, as long as we have them, we can provide them to you." ”
几个学生一起道谢。 Several students thanked each other together.
明明是个强者的老人却像个真正的老农一样，不自在地连声道：“应该的应该的。”
The old man, who was obviously a strong man, was like a real old farmer, and said uncomfortably: "It should be, it should be." ”
于是五人各自跟两名老人要了一些材料，开始做初步尝试。
So the five of them each asked the two old men for some materials and began to make a preliminary attempt.
有些材料没有，就只能寻找替代物。 Some materials are not available, so we have to look for alternatives.
五人看王叶没动静，不由有点着急，陈潜冲着王叶就喊：“小叶子，你别乱晃了，该正经解决问题了。”
Seeing that Wang Ye didn't move, the five of them couldn't help but be a little anxious, Chen Qian shouted at Wang Ye: "Xiao Yezi, don't shake around, it's time to solve the problem seriously." ”
王叶摆摆手表示知道，让他们忙他们的。 Wang Ye waved his hand to show that he knew, and let them busy them.
大家到底是比赛关系，事关比赛排名，谁也不想输给别人。陈潜和虎飞弓分别催促了王叶一次，见他还是满不在乎的样子，也就暂时不管他了——反正这小家伙现在的分数比谁都高。
In the end, everyone is related to the competition ranking, and no one wants to lose to others. Chen Qian and Hu Feigong each urged Wang Ye once, and seeing that he still didn't care, they left him alone for the time being—anyway, this little guy's score is higher than anyone else's.
王叶也不好说他已经心中有数，而且有了更简单的解决方案，至于培植液制作，不急。
Wang Ye couldn't say that he already knew it, and he had a simpler solution, as for the production of cultivation liquid, there was no hurry.
他总认为幻境中不可能给出毫无意义的线索，包括老头的腿伤，还有老妇人的咳嗽。
He always thought that it was impossible to give meaningless clues in the illusion, including the old man's leg injury and the old woman's cough.
王叶在有一定分数保障下，决定再试试。反正是第一场比试，他只要能进入前三就可以，倒是探出这些比赛暗藏的规则和机制，对他更为重要。陨星其他参赛者也能做个参考。
Wang Ye decided to try again with a certain score guarantee. Anyway, in the first game, he only needs to be in the top three, but it is more important for him to find out the hidden rules and mechanisms of these games. Other contestants can also make a reference.
至于其他看到的参赛者……便宜他们了！ As for the other contestants who saw it...... Cheap them too!
于是在无数观众们的眼中，王小叶又双叒不务正业了。 So in the eyes of countless audiences, Wang Xiaoye is no longer doing his job again.
小姑娘拉住老妇人的手，一脸阴森（特别诚恳）地说：“你们身体里都有些毒素积存，你的身体影响最大。如果不解决，不但会病情加重，还会影响寿命哦。”
The little girl took the old woman's hand and said with a grim (very sincere) face: "You all have some toxins accumulated in your body, and your body has the greatest impact. If it is not solved, it will not only worsen the disease, but also affect the life expectancy. ”
老妇人愁容满面：“唉，这真是太糟糕了。” The old woman looked sad: "Alas, this is really terrible. ”
老头子听到了王叶所言，焦急道：“很严重吗？那我等会就带她去看药师。”
When the old man heard what Wang Ye said, he said anxiously, "Is it serious?" Then I'll take her to see the pharmacist later. ”
老妇人拍丈夫：“看什么看，不要钱吗？去药师那里一趟，好贵的。”
The old woman patted her husband: "What do you see, don't you want money?" A trip to the pharmacist, it's so expensive. ”
老妇人忽然转头对王叶讨好地笑：“小培植师大人，您能看出我们得了病，那您知道有什么草药能改善我们的问题吗？我们也不求能立刻治好，只要能缓解就可以。”
The old woman suddenly turned her head and smiled flatteringly at Wang Ye: "Little Cultivator, you can see that we are sick, so do you know any herbs that can improve our problems?" We don't want to be cured immediately, as long as it can be relieved. ”
老头想要阻止老妇人的请求，但话到嘴边他又咽了回去，没办法，家里穷啊！
The old man wanted to stop the old woman's request, but when the words came to his mouth, he swallowed them back, no way, the family is poor!
老头还搓着手很是羞惭地道：“小大人，如果您能给点指点，我们一家，不，我们整个村子都感谢您。村里富裕的人家不多，而身体有毒素积存的人也不止我们一家，隔壁村子里情况更严重。”
The old man rubbed his hands and said very ashamedly: "Little adult, if you can give me some advice, our family, no, our whole village will thank you." There are not many wealthy families in the village, and we are not the only ones who have toxins in their bodies, and the situation is even worse in the next village. ”
王叶貌似在思考。 Wang Ye seemed to be thinking.
老夫妇俩互看，像是做下了什么决定。 The old couple looked at each other, as if they had made a decision.
老头把王叶拉到一边，对他小声说道：“我们不会让小大人白帮忙，虽然我们没有什么值钱的东西送给你。但也许有个消息，你会感兴趣。”
The old man pulled Wang Ye aside and whispered to him, "We won't let the little master help in vain, although we don't have anything of value for you." But maybe there's a piece of news that interests you. ”
王叶心中微笑，脸上自然道：“什么消息？” Wang Ye smiled in his heart, and said naturally on his face: "What news?" ”
外面的观众们都也竖起耳朵。 The audience outside pricked up their ears as well.
看两位老人还不肯马上说出来，王叶就道：“你们的问题不难解决，甚至你们土质的问题也不难解决。我不知道我的同伴会做出什么样的药剂和培植液，但我可以给你们提供的，绝对是最便宜、最容易弄到，效果也还可以的。”
Seeing that the two old men still refused to say it immediately, Wang Ye said: "Your problem is not difficult to solve, and even your soil problem is not difficult to solve. I don't know what kind of potions and cultivation potions my companions will make, but what I can provide you with is definitely the cheapest, easiest to obtain, and the effect is okay. ”
两位老人的眼睛都亮了。 The eyes of both old men lit up.
王叶索性说出答案：“暴晒、冲刷、自然沉淀，以及深度翻耕，都能解决土壤表面酸性太高这个问题。只不过需要时间比较长，另外也会有些弊处。最简单的方法，想要降低土壤的酸性，撒石灰就好。”
Wang Ye simply said the answer: "Exposure to the sun, scouring, natural precipitation, and deep tillage can solve the problem of too high acidity on the soil surface." It's just that it takes a long time, and there are some drawbacks. The easiest way to reduce the acidity of the soil is to sprinkle lime. ”
“只要撒石灰就可以？”老人惊讶。 "Just sprinkle lime?" The old man was surprised.
王叶肯定地点头：“其他地方我不敢保证，但你们家这一大片的土壤就只要撒石灰就可以。”
Wang Ye nodded affirmatively: "I can't guarantee other places, but this large piece of soil in your house only needs to be sprinkled with lime." ”
王叶还报出了详细的石灰用量，以及针对各种土质的具体使用方法。
Wang Ye also reported the detailed amount of lime and the specific use methods for various soil types.
王叶没有看到，在他说完这个答案后，他脑袋上方的分数从15分变成了24分。
Wang Ye didn't see that after he finished saying this answer, the score above his head changed from 15 points to 24 points.
5分来源于石灰这个降低土壤酸性的方法。 5 points come from lime, a method of reducing soil acidity.
另外4分则是他提出的四个物理性解决方法。 The other four points are the four physical solutions he proposed.
之前王叶和猴小岩的分数相差还不大，一个是15分，一个是13分。
There was not much difference between Wang Ye and Monkey Xiaoyan's scores before, one was 15 points and the other was 13 points.
可现在王叶一下子跳到24分。 But now Wang Ye jumped to 24 points all of a sudden.
外面的观众们就开始酸了，差距这么大，这还怎么比？ The audience outside began to be sour, the gap is so big, how can this be compared?
还有剩下的那一百五十多个参赛者要被关到什么时候，难道要被关到比赛结束吗？
And when will the remaining 150-odd contestants be locked up, will they be locked up until the end of the competition?
就连兽人学校的师生们都有些酸酸的。 Even the teachers and students of the orc school were a little sour.
但兽人们转念一想，兽人的好朋友小叶子拿到第一名，怎么也比别人拿到第一名好吧？而且如果不是小叶子的帮忙，他们兽人学校三个参赛者恐怕也都得到地窖里待一段时间。
But the orcs thought about it, how could the orc's good friend Xiao Yezi win the first place better than others, right? And if it weren't for Xiao Yezi's help, the three contestants of their orc school would probably have been in the cellar for a while.
这么一想，兽人们又舒爽了，还啪啪拍掌，为小姑娘助威。
Thinking of this, the orcs were refreshed again, and they clapped their hands to cheer for the little girl.
现在所有兽人们都以为那个叫小叶子的小女孩真的是一个小女孩……
Now all the orcs thought that the little girl named Little Leaf was really a little girl......
就在观众们惦念那些学生的时候，有一些看穿着像是当地人的中青年男子们正急冲冲地往老夫妇俩的草屋这边跑。
While the audience was thinking about the students, some young and middle-aged men who looked like locals were rushing to the old couple's thatched hut.
“爹，娘，培植师大人来了！”一名中年人老远地就冲着两老喊道。
"Dad, mother, Master Cultivator is here!" A middle-aged man shouted at the two elders from afar.
这时，两老正在跟王叶说那个会让他感兴趣的消息：“在大约五十年前，我们村来过一名培植师，我们不知道他有多厉害，但传说他在后山中建了一个培植迷宫。只有我们村村民认可的人，才有机会进入那个培植迷宫。”
At this time, the two elders were telling Wang Ye the news that would interest him: "About fifty years ago, there was a cultivator in our village, we don't know how powerful he is, but legend has it that he built a cultivation labyrinth in the back mountain. Only those who are approved by the villagers of our village have the opportunity to enter the cultivation labyrinth. ”
王叶：果然！比赛的分级就在这里。 Wang Ye: Sure enough! The grading of the competition is here.
他就说在这片绕了这么久，明明看到那么多能制作培植液的原材料，包括他得到的那一筐也是，可要解决的问题却并不是特别困难。
He said that after going around this area for so long, he had seen so many raw materials that could be used to make cultivation liquid, including the basket he had gotten, but the problem to be solved was not particularly difficult.
原先他还以为接下来要挑战村民口中那真正的培植师，没想到……
Originally, he thought that he was going to challenge the real cultivator in the mouth of the villagers next, but he didn't expect it......
如果说前面这段像是初赛，那一切就通了。 If the first paragraph seems like a preliminary round, then everything is clear.
得到村民认可，就相当于是拿到了更高等级比赛的资格。而且应该是不用治病，只要给出土壤和水源的有效治理方案就可以。
Being recognized by the villagers is equivalent to qualifying for a higher-level competition. And it should not be necessary to treat the disease, as long as the effective treatment plan of soil and water source is given.
这个培植迷宫，九成就是中级以上的培植比试地点。 This cultivation labyrinth, Nine Achievements is a cultivation test location above the intermediate level.
“那地方也不难找，你带着这块魔石，它会告诉你迷宫入口在哪里。”老人回草屋里，拿了一块拳头大的石头出来，递给王叶。
"That place is not hard to find, you take this magic stone with you, and it will tell you where the entrance to the maze is." The old man went back to the grass hut, took out a fist-sized stone, and handed it to Wang Ye.
王叶收下。 Wang Ye accepted it.
王叶再度获得1分。得分理由：获得培植中高级比试会场进入资格。
Wang Ye scored 1 point again. Reason for scoring: Obtain the qualification to enter the training intermediate and advanced competition venue.
外面观众们哗然。 The audience outside was in an uproar.
“原来还有更高级的比试场所！” "It turns out that there are more advanced competition venues!"
“坏了，这个陨星的小女孩先得到了进入的机会，那她不就相当于在剩下的时间里可以做尽可能多的题目了吗？”
"Oh no, this little girl from the meteorite got the chance to enter first, so wouldn't she be able to do as many questions as she could in the rest of the time?"
“一步慢，步步慢。我感觉这场比试的第一名已经出来了。”
"One step at a time, one step at a time. I feel like the first place in this competition has come out. ”
“不一定，现在还有两个小时，一切都还有可能。说不定小女孩后面翻车也有可能！”
"Not necessarily, there are still two hours left, and everything is still possible. Maybe it's possible for the little girl to overturn in the back! ”
有别校的培植大佬坐不住了，坐到了陨星的观众席上，和乾明副校长搭起话来：“这小丫头不错，是你们秘密培养的天才班的学生吧？才这么点小就这么厉害，跟个人精似的。她的指点教授是谁？老覃吗？”
The cultivation boss of another school couldn't sit still, sat in the audience of the meteorite, and talked to Vice Principal Qianming: "This little girl is good, she is a student of the genius class you secretly cultivated, right?" It's so powerful at such a young age, like a person. Who is her mentoring professor? Lao Qin? ”
乾副校长心想，幸好老覃没来，否则这会儿还不知道要怎么得意。
Vice Principal Qian thought to himself, fortunately Lao Qin didn't come, otherwise he wouldn't know how to be proud at this time.
乾副校长不肯给出准确回答，就一个劲谦虚道：“哪里哪里，不是秘密培养，就是随便收进来的。”
Vice President Qian refused to give an accurate answer, so he said modestly: "Wherever and where, it is either secretly cultivated, or it is accepted casually." ”
大佬：随便收进来？你倒是再随便收一个这样的给我看看！
Big Guy: Just take it in? You might as well take another one of these and show it to me!
“我听说你们有个报了三项的小天才，人呢？是那小丫头吗？”大佬试探地问。
"I heard that you have a little genius who has reported three items, what about people? Is that the little girl? The big guy asked tentatively.
乾副校长呵呵，突然一指光幕：“快看！有新变化了。”
Vice Principal Qianhe, he suddenly pointed to the light curtain: "Look! There's something new. ”
第200章 培植迷宫 Chapter 200: Cultivating the Labyrinth
比试幻境内。 Compete in the realm of illusions.
“培植师？我知道啊，培植师大人已经到了。”老头笑呵呵地跟村人和儿子们介绍王叶。
"Cultivator? I know, the cultivator has arrived. The old man smiled and introduced Wang Ye to the villagers and his sons.
带头的村长打量王叶，摇头道：“老周，你搞错了，这位不是我们村请来的培植师。”
The village chief who took the lead looked at Wang Ye, shook his head and said, "Old Zhou, you are mistaken, this is not a cultivator invited by our village. ”
“就这么一个小毛丫头怎么可能是尊贵的培植师。”一名青年用力瞪王叶，一副看骗子的神情，捧着一个魔器道：“我知道我师父在哪里，我带你们过去。”
"How can such a little hairy girl be a noble cultivator." A young man glared at Wang Ye vigorously, looking at a liar, holding a magic weapon and saying, "I know where my master is, I'll take you over." ”
虎飞弓他们注意到这边，要过来。 Tiger Flying Bow They noticed this side and wanted to come over.
王叶冲他们摆摆手，让他们专心做他们的事。 Wang Ye waved at them and told them to concentrate on their business.
青年拿着那个魔器，一路找到了地窖那里。 The young man took the magic weapon and went all the way to the cellar.
不到两分钟，地窖里的人都被放出来。 In less than two minutes, everyone in the cellar was released.
那青年扶着一名大约四十多岁的培植师，对村长大声抱怨，说那老头眼瞎了才会把培植师大人当小偷给打了，还给关起来。
The young man supported a cultivator in his forties and complained to the village chief, saying that the old man was blind enough to beat the cultivator as a thief and lock him up.
跟着出来的参赛学生这才发现他们中间还混了一个中年人。
The participating students who followed out found that there was a middle-aged man among them.
什么时候混进来的，他们竟然没有发现。 When they got in, they didn't even find out.
中年培植师表示他只是先一步过来看看附近的土壤和水源，谁想到刚走到菜园子，就被当做小偷给打晕了。
The middle-aged cultivator said that he just came to see the nearby soil and water source first, and who thought that as soon as he walked into the vegetable garden, he was knocked unconscious as a thief.
周老头连忙上前赔礼道歉。 Old man Zhou hurriedly stepped forward to apologize.
中年培植师还是很生气，他的助手指着王叶和虎飞弓几个，大声质问他们是干什么的。
The middle-aged cultivator was still very angry, and his assistant pointed to Wang Ye and Hu Feigong, and asked them loudly what they were doing.
陨星和兽人学校的五名参赛者齐齐想到：小叶子料得可真准，果然就只关了一会儿，还来了新的麻烦。幸好，他们已经先走不止一步。
The five contestants of the Meteorite and Orc schools thought in unison: Xiao Yezi was really accurate, and sure enough, it was only closed for a while, and there was new trouble. Thankfully, they've gone more than one step ahead.
出来的学生，以双月星的参赛生为主，也纷纷跟村人解释他们并不是贼，说他们也是来帮忙的。
The students who came out, mainly the students of the Double Moon Star, also explained to the villagers that they were not thieves, saying that they were also here to help.
还有学生看到陨星和兽人学校五个参赛者竟然已经开始制作什么，都急了。
There are also students who are anxious when they see that the five contestants of the Meteorite and Orc Schools have already started to make something.
双月的那个内德也不知从哪儿冒出来，指着王叶的鼻子说这都是他的阴谋，说所有人都是被他陷害的。
Ned from the two moons also came out of nowhere, pointing at Wang Ye's nose and saying that it was all his conspiracy, saying that everyone was framed by him.
王叶阴森森地盯着内德，对他做了一个口型：你死定了。
Wang Ye stared at Ned gloomily and made a lip gesture to him: You are dead.
内德竟然被吓得一哆嗦，这让他又羞又气，竟然张口就说王叶看着就像是黑暗系魔法师，又说黑暗系魔法师大多数都阴暗又卑劣。
Ned was so frightened that he was so ashamed and angry that he even opened his mouth to say that Wang Ye looked like a dark magician, and that most of the dark magicians were dark and despicable.
场外观众，其他观众的感受暂且不说，双月学校不少学生和教授都皱起了眉头。
Leaving aside the feelings of the audience outside the venue and other audiences, many students and professors at the Bimonthly School frowned.
布鲁校长脸色也阴沉下来。这个叫内德的学生真是不会说话，不管大家怎么想黑暗系的魔法师，但在各大学校都还有相关课程和教授的情况下，这个内德竟然当着所有观众的面说出这样的话，不管是对他本人，还是对双月学校，都相当不利。
Principal Blue's face also darkened. This student named Ned really can't speak, no matter what everyone thinks of the magicians of the dark department, but in the case that there are still relevant courses and professors in major schools, this Ned actually said such things in front of all the audiences, whether it is for him or for the Bimoon School, it is quite detrimental.
布鲁校长不用看学校那些黑暗系魔法师的脸色，就知道内德已经把这些不能得罪的人都得罪光了。
Headmaster Blue didn't need to look at the faces of the dark magicians in the school to know that Ned had offended all these people who couldn't be offended.
几乎不用犹豫，布鲁校长已经把内德从可培养名单中移除了出去。
Needless to say, Headmaster Blue had already removed Ned from the list of cultivables.
比试场内，陈潜和虎飞弓几人看双月的参赛者竟然把矛头指向王叶，当即就留下两人看守草棚和他们的研究成果，其他三人一起站在了王叶前面。
In the competition field, Chen Qian and Hu Feigong saw that the contestants of Shuangyue actually pointed the finger at Wang Ye, and immediately left two people to guard the grass shed and their research results, and the other three stood in front of Wang Ye together.
“你们想干什么，自己无能就怨别人。” "Whatever you want to do, blame others for your own incompetence."
“欺负一个小姑娘，你们也好意思！” "It's embarrassing to bully a little girl!"
其实参赛者并不是所有人都认为他们是被王叶陷害，只是看到陨星和兽人领先，心里不太舒服罢了。
In fact, not all of the contestants thought that they were framed by Wang Ye, but they just felt uncomfortable when they saw the meteorite and the orcs taking the lead.
眼见气氛不好，参赛者逐渐分成了好几堆。 Seeing that the atmosphere was not good, the contestants gradually divided into several piles.
其中只有以内德为首的一群人还在死咬着王叶不放，甚至试图挑起所有参赛者对王叶的仇恨。
Among them, only a group of people led by Ned were still biting Wang Ye, and even tried to provoke the hatred of all the contestants against Wang Ye.
却不知内德这样的行为反而让其他参赛者都更远离了他。
Unbeknownst to him, Ned's behavior made the other contestants move further away from him.
能来参加比试的学生可以说都是本专业最优秀的学生，他们也许自傲，但同样也有脑子。他们会看不出内德的故意挑拨吗？
The students who can participate in the competition can be said to be the best students in their major, they may be proud, but they also have brains. Will they not see Ned's deliberate provocation?
再说他们待在菜园子里并拿起地上的东西，又不是陨星的那个小姑娘非要他们拿的，最后小女孩离开菜园，也是她的幸运，能帮助自己人脱离出来，更是她的能力。
Besides, they stayed in the vegetable garden and picked up the things on the ground, and it was not the little girl from the meteorite who had to ask them to take it, and it was also her luck that the little girl left the vegetable garden in the end, and it was her ability to help her own people get out.
他们可是竞争对手，这可是比赛，人小姑娘能帮自己人就不错了，凭什么帮他们？
They are competitors, this is a competition, it would be good for a little girl to help her own people, why help them?
而且陨星和兽人六个学生明显获得了部分村民信任，这时候不笼络他们，请他们帮忙解释，或跟他们打听消息，获得最新的比赛信息，还得罪他们，不是傻是什么？
Moreover, the six students of Meteorite and Orc have obviously gained the trust of some villagers, so if you don't envelop them at this time, ask them to help explain, or ask them for news, get the latest game information, and offend them, isn't it stupid?
不少书呆子类型的学生还在想：有那工夫吵架打架，还不如赶紧想办法进入正常的比试过程。
Many nerdy students are still thinking: if you have that time to quarrel and fight, you might as well quickly find a way to enter the normal competition process.
周老头这边已经上前跟村长解释说包括小叶子在内的六名少年也都是培植师，是实实在在来帮助村子的，并把王叶已经告诉他的方法也告诉了村长。
Old man Zhou had already stepped forward to explain to the village chief that the six teenagers, including Xiao Yezi, were also cultivators, and they were really here to help the village, and he also told the village chief the method that Wang Ye had already told him.
又指着草棚子说，几人都已经开始研究，眼看就要出成果了。
He pointed to the straw shed and said that several people had already begun to study and were about to produce results.
陈潜和胡飞弓几人忙不迭地点头，表示再给他们一点时间，保证能拿出有一定效果的东西。
Chen Qian and Hu Feigong nodded busily, saying that they would give them a little more time to ensure that they could come up with something that had a certain effect.
村长面色缓和，立刻就上前呵斥内德等人：“闹什么闹！你们有本事就也帮我们村子解决问题。你们会被误会，也不是人培植师大人诬陷你们，明明是老周头亲眼看到你们拿了他家的东西。”
The village chief's face softened, and he immediately stepped forward to scold Ned and the others: "What a fuss! If you have the ability, you can also help our village solve the problem. You will be misunderstood, and it is not that Master Cultivator framed you, it is obvious that Lao Zhou Tou saw you take his family's things with his own eyes. ”
内德等人还想辩解。 Ned and the others still wanted to defend themselves.
村长挥手道：“好了，既然你们都是来帮忙的，那就老老实实地做事，别在我们村惹事。”
The village chief waved his hand and said, "Okay, since you are all here to help, then do things honestly and don't cause trouble in our village." ”
村长一瞪眼：“我们村虽然穷，可不是好惹的。” The village chief glared: "Although our village is poor, it is not easy to mess with. ”
村长又转头跟那中年培植师解释说：“我们之前确实对外发出培植师招募，只是一直没有人来，我们以为不会有人来了，这才向伯爵府求援。没想到这么巧，诸位竟然一起来了。”
The village chief turned to the middle-aged cultivator and explained, "We did send out a recruitment of cultivators before, but no one came, and we thought that no one would come, so we asked for help from the Earl's Palace. I didn't expect you to come together by such a coincidence. ”
中年培植师大约是被村长陡然爆发出的气势吓住，也不敢再哔哔，冷哼一声道：“我知道了，我听说就在伯爵府附近正在举行一个培植师比赛，这些人大概都是参加这个比赛的成员。”
The middle-aged cultivator was probably frightened by the sudden burst of momentum from the village chief, and he didn't dare to beep anymore, so he snorted coldly: "I know, I heard that there is a cultivator competition being held near the Earl's Palace, and these people are probably all members of this competition. ”
“怪不得会来了这么多培植师。”村人们都接受了这个理由。
"No wonder there are so many cultivators here." The villagers accepted this reason.
王叶见没他的事了，就把老妇人悄悄叫到一边，先用治疗术治好了那位老妇人，又叫过老头，给他清除了身体的毒素。
Wang Ye saw that there was nothing to do with him, so he quietly called the old woman aside, first cured the old woman with healing, and then called the old man to remove the toxins from his body.
之后王叶又告诉他们山中有种树藤，榨汁喝下，只要每天一杯，大约七天，就能中和体内因为赤头黑尾雀粪便污染水质而造成的毒素。
Later, Wang Ye told them that there is a tree vine in the mountain, and if they squeeze the juice and drink it, as long as they drink it every day, for about seven days, they can neutralize the toxins in their bodies caused by the water pollution caused by the feces of the red-headed black-tailed finch.
老夫妇俩对王叶更是感激，连带对他的五名同伴也印象良好。
The old couple was even more grateful to Wang Ye, and they also had a good impression of his five companions.
等老周跟村长聊了一会儿，村长看王叶和虎飞弓六个人的目光都柔和许多。
After Lao Zhou chatted with the village chief for a while, the village chief's eyes softened a lot when he looked at Wang Ye and Hu Feigong.
王叶走到陈潜和虎飞弓几人身边，跟他们低声道：“我看你们分别做了不同东西，这很好，如果相信我，就不要一个人把所有事都做了，太浪费时间。你们五个人一起去交货，先拿解决水质和土质的培植液，再拿促进农作物生长的，就说这些培植液是你们一起想的办法。”
Wang Ye walked up to Chen Qian and Hu Feigong and whispered to them: "I see that you have done different things, this is very good, if you believe me, don't do everything alone, it's too wasteful of time." The five of you go to deliver the goods together, first take the cultivation solution that solves the water quality and soil quality, and then take the cultivation solution that promotes the growth of crops, and say that these cultivation solutions are the solution that you have thought of together. ”
“小叶子，你发现了什么？”虎飞弓压低声音问。 "Little leaf, what did you find?" Tiger Feigong asked in a low voice.
王叶亮出那块魔石，把还有中高级考场的事告诉了他们。
Wang Ye showed the magic stone and told them about the intermediate and advanced examination rooms.
“现在，你们要争取的是赶紧进入那个培植迷宫的资格。”
"Now, what you're fighting for is to get into that cultivation labyrinth as soon as possible."
“原来还有中高级考场！”五人眼看着就从略微放松的状态变得紧张起来。
"It turns out that there is also an intermediate and advanced examination room!" The five of them went from a slightly relaxed state to a nervous state.
“谢谢你小叶子！够义气！你这个朋友我交定了。”虎飞弓一把抓住王叶的手，用力晃了晃：“我代表我们学校和我们虎人部落欢迎你。”
"Thank you, little leaf! Righteous enough! I've made up your friend. Hu Feigong grabbed Wang Ye's hand and shook it vigorously: "On behalf of our school and our Tiger Tribe, I welcome you." ”
猴小岩和另外一名兽人学生也都表示欢迎王小叶去他们的部落玩。
Monkey Xiaoyan and another orc student also welcomed Wang Xiaoye to their tribe to play.
场外兽人学校的人：对对对，欢迎欢迎，热烈欢迎，如果能拐到我们学校就更好啦！
Someone from the Sideline Orc School: Yes, yes, welcome, welcome, warm welcome, it would be better if you could kidnap our school!
陈潜趁机摸了摸王叶的头。 Chen Qian took the opportunity to touch Wang Ye's head.
另外一个陨星学生则冲着王叶满脸慈祥地笑。 Another meteorite student smiled kindly at Wang Ye.
王叶：“……” Wang Ye: "......"
陈潜推了推王叶：“你已经拿到指路魔石，那就赶紧去吧，别耽误时间了。我们会很快赶上你的。”
Chen Qian pushed Wang Ye: "You have already obtained the Guiding Magic Stone, then hurry up, don't waste time." We'll catch up with you soon. ”
“对，小叶子你赶紧出发。不过你也可以稍微等下我们，我们可以保护你，免得有人打你的主意。”虎飞弓用下巴指了指远处那几个明显对他们不怀好意的参赛学生道。
"Yes, Xiaoyezi, you hurry up. But you can wait a little longer, and we can protect you from anyone beating your mind. Tiger Flying Bow pointed with his chin at the few participating students in the distance who were obviously ill-intentioned towards them.
被提醒的陈潜和另一名陨星学生对视。 Chen Qian, who was reminded, and another meteorite student looked at each other.
两人像是决定了什么，陈潜对那名学生道：“我送小叶子去培植迷宫，等把他送到了，我再赶回来。你们不用等我。”
The two seemed to have decided something, and Chen Qian said to the student: "I'll send Xiao Yezi to cultivate the maze, and when I send him, I'll rush back." You don't have to wait for me. ”
虎飞弓也要说什么。 Tiger Flying Bow has something to say.
王叶摆手：“不用你们保护，你们都没我厉害，我一个人就能打你们五个。行了，你们自己做好自己的事，我走了。”
Wang Ye waved his hand: "You don't need your protection, you are not as good as me, I can beat the five of you alone." Alright, you guys do your own thing, I'm gone. ”
五人：“……” Five: "......"
王叶真的说走就走，还跑得飞快，转眼就不见了人影。 Wang Ye really said that he would go, and he ran fast, and disappeared in a blink of an eye.
五人：“……” Five: "......"
虎飞弓感动：“小叶子真好，为了不耽误我们，不惜吹牛，一个打五个，哈哈哈，她太可爱了~”
Hu Feigong moved: "Xiao Yezi is so good, in order not to delay us, he did not hesitate to brag, one hit five, hahaha, she is so cute~"
其他人：你从哪里看出来她在吹牛？她那表情明显就是那么认为的好吗。
Others: Where did you tell she was bragging? Her expression was clearly what she thought was good.
“我们也努力吧，小叶子都给我们创造出这么好的条件了，总不能浪费他的一片好心。”
"Let's work hard, Xiao Yezi has created such good conditions for us, we can't waste a piece of his kindness."
“对！想保护他，我们就手脚快点，加快速度，尽快赶上小叶子。”
"That's right! If we want to protect him, we will hurry up, speed up, and catch up with Xiaoye as soon as possible. ”
“谁先做完，谁就先在草棚门口守护，防止其他人捣乱。”
"Whoever finishes it first will be the first to guard the door of the straw shed to prevent others from making trouble."
“好！” "Good!"
内德几人看到王叶离开同伴，他们倒是想做什么，但一来王叶速度太快，二来他们也不能不顾比试，就只能含恨看着王叶跑进后山。
When Ned and the others saw Wang Ye leaving their companions, they wanted to do something, but first, Wang Ye's speed was too fast, and secondly, they couldn't ignore the competition, so they could only watch Wang Ye run into the back mountain with hatred.
“那小丫头是去找材料了吗？” "Did the little girl go looking for materials?"
“也许吧。” "Maybe."
“算了，我们也快点开始做培植液吧，其他人都开始动手了。”
"Forget it, let's hurry up and start making the cultivation liquid, everyone else is starting to do it."
“没有工具怎么办？” "What if you don't have tools?"
几人全部盯住了草棚子。 Several people all stared at the straw hut.
工具当然不止草棚里的那一套。 Of course, there are more tools than just those in the hut.
那位村里请来的培植师自己就带了，他的助手也带了一套。其他人想用可以，得求他，并帮他做事。
The cultivator invited from the village brought it himself, and his assistant also brought a set. Others who want to use it can beg him and help him do things.
村里也有两套工具，表示可以借给众参赛生，同样需要这些人帮忙做事。
There are also two sets of tools in the village, which can be lent to the participating students, who also need help with their work.
场外观众，尤其是陨星和兽人学校的看着草棚子里五个人，急得要死。就生怕有人来抢夺他们的工具，破坏他们的炼制结果。
The audience outside the arena, especially the Meteorite and the Orc School, looked at the five people in the grass shed, and they were so anxious that they died. For fear that someone would come and snatch their tools and destroy their refining results.
幸好，周老夫妇俩感激王叶，对他的同伴就特别照顾，很不客气地呵斥试图接近草棚子的参赛生，不让他们去打搅他们家请来的客人。
Fortunately, Mr. and Mrs. Zhou were grateful to Wang Ye and took special care of his companions, and unceremoniously scolded the contestants who tried to approach the grass hut to prevent them from disturbing the guests invited by their family.
光幕镜头分开，左边最大的一块用来跟拍分数最高的王叶，右边的光幕则分成了几十个。
The light curtain lens is separated, the largest piece on the left is used to follow Wang Ye with the highest score, and the light curtain on the right is divided into dozens of pieces.
也就是魔法师眼力基本都还行，不行也能借用魔器和水晶球观看……会场有出租水晶球，可以捧在手里看，而且可以只看自己想看的人。
That is to say, the magician's eyesight is basically okay, and if it is not good, he can borrow magic weapons and crystal balls to watch...... There is a rental crystal ball at the venue, so you can hold it in your hand and look at only the person you want to see.
有不少人都租用了水晶球。 There are quite a few people who rent crystal balls.
绝大多数观众都在看王叶，至少也会分出一半心神给他，因为王叶这边的进度最快，谁都想看到那个培植迷宫是什么样的。
The vast majority of the audience is watching Wang Ye, and at least half of their attention will be given to him, because Wang Ye's side is making the fastest progress, and everyone wants to see what that cultivation maze looks like.
王叶拿着魔石找到了后山一个山壁。 Wang Ye took the magic stone and found a mountain wall in the back mountain.
山壁上有一个拳头大的凹口。 There is a fist-sized notch in the mountain wall.
王叶试着把魔石塞进去。 Wang Ye tried to stuff the magic stone into it.
凹口吞入魔石，山壁打开了一道缝。 The notch swallowed the magic stone, and a crack opened in the mountain wall.
王叶闪身进入缝隙。 Wang Ye dodged into the gap.
有人跟在王叶身后，看他进入那条缝隙，急了，也想进去，但刚冲到山壁边，那条缝隙就合上了，一股不算太温柔的力道还把试图冲入缝隙的人给撞飞了出去。
Someone followed behind Wang Ye, seeing him enter the gap, he was anxious and wanted to go in, but as soon as he rushed to the side of the mountain wall, the gap closed, and a force that was not too gentle knocked the person who tried to rush into the gap out.
山壁恢复原样，来人很是不甘地过来打量了好几遍，也看到了那个凹口，徘徊了一会儿，最终离去。
The mountain wall was restored to its original state, and the visitor came to look at it several times with great reluctance, and also saw the notch, lingered for a while, and finally left.
王叶刚进入缝隙，就听到了鸟叫声。 As soon as Wang Ye entered the gap, he heard the sound of birds.
他也看到了一条笔直的用树木围成的通道，通道最前方有一条岔路口。
He also saw a straight passage surrounded by trees, with a fork in the road at the very front.
一只赤头黑尾雀飞来，丢给王叶一个瓶子。 A bare-headed black-tailed finch flew over and threw a bottle to Wang Ye.
王叶捡起瓶子，瓶子里装有半瓶液体。 Wang Ye picked up the bottle, which contained half a bottle of liquid.
看来这就是第一道题，也可以说是第一个提示了。 It seems that this is the first question, and it can also be said that it is the first prompt.
王叶打开瓶子的同时，也给自己上了【因果循环】保护罩。
When Wang Ye opened the bottle, he also put a [Cause and Effect Loop] protective cover on himself.
这是培植液的味道。 This is the taste of the cultivation liquid.
王叶沾了一点液体，施展鉴定术后，就看向了前方岔路口。
Wang Ye dipped a little liquid, and after performing the identification, he looked at the fork in the road ahead.
这道题是在考他，这培植液是适用于左边通道的植物，还是右边通道的。
This question is to test whether this cultivation liquid is suitable for the plants in the left passage or the right passage.
王叶毫不犹豫地走向左边通道。 Wang Ye walked towards the left passage without hesitation.
之后，每到岔路口，就会有一道问题出现。 After that, every time you reach a fork in the road, a problem arises.
比起前面的田园考题，这边的才更是参赛生们更习惯的比试方式，不用考虑人情世故社会常识等等，只要做题就好。
Compared with the previous pastoral exam questions, the talents here are more accustomed to the contestants, without considering human feelings, sophisticated social knowledge, etc., as long as they do the questions.
场外观众承认陨星这个小女孩不简单，但前面并没有看到这小女孩有真正展现培植方面的能力，有些人甚至说她只是运气好、够精明，才能混到最高分。
The audience outside the arena admitted that the little girl Meteorite was not simple, but they didn't see that this little girl really showed her ability to cultivate, and some even said that she was just lucky and shrewd enough to get the highest score.
但这种议论在王叶进入迷宫后就消失了。 But this discussion disappeared after Wang Ye entered the labyrinth.
王叶不仅做题速度快，他的正确率更是高得吓人，直到目前为止，他还没有一题出错。这点只看他头顶不断上涨的分数就能看出来。
Wang Ye is not only fast in doing questions, but his accuracy rate is frighteningly high, so far, he has not made a single mistake. This can be seen only by looking at the rising scores above his head.
在王叶做了半小时题后，陈潜和虎飞弓五个人也赶来了。
After Wang Ye did the questions for half an hour, Chen Qian and Hu Feigong also arrived.
王叶判断准确，周老夫妇和村人果然把他们五人当成一个整体，在他们交上的作品同时解决了改善土质、改善水质、改善现有农作物的生长状态这三个问题后，他们顺利拿到了五块魔石。
Wang Ye's judgment was accurate, Zhou Lao and his wife and the villagers really regarded the five of them as a whole, and after the works they handed in solved the three problems of improving soil quality, improving water quality, and improving the growth state of existing crops, they successfully obtained five magic stones.
但进入迷宫后，组队状态就被打破，在入口那里，五个人明明先后相差不到两秒进入，可进来后却只有一个人。
But after entering the maze, the state of teaming was broken, and at the entrance, five people entered with a difference of less than two seconds, but after entering, there was only one person.
陈潜等人判断他们应该是都被分开了，稍等片刻，就开始了答题之旅。
Chen Qian and the others judged that they should have been separated, and after waiting for a while, they began the journey of answering questions.
直到陈潜等人进入二十多分钟后，才有两名参赛者也拿到魔石来到迷宫入口。
It wasn't until Chen Qian and the others entered more than twenty minutes later that two contestants also got the magic stone and came to the entrance of the maze.
然后便陆陆续续有参赛生拿到资格赶来培植迷宫。 Then one after another, there were contestants who got the qualifications and rushed to cultivate the maze.
观众们也看到了答题失败会有什么结果，无一例外都是被困原地五分钟。
The audience also saw what happens if they fail to answer the questions, without exception, they are trapped in place for five minutes.
这个惩罚看似普通，实际上对于恨不得争分夺秒的参赛者来说，这种惩罚才是最让他们心痛的。
This punishment may seem ordinary, but in fact, it is the most heart-wrenching punishment for the contestants who are eager to race against time.
尤其是你在被困的时候，却看到有人赶了上来，正在做你刚才做的题目，并顺利通过前往下一个节点，你会更痛苦。
Especially when you are trapped, only to see someone catch up and do the problem you just did, and successfully pass to the next node, you will be even more miserable.
王叶碰到了一道难题。 Wang Ye encountered a problem.
这个迷宫中的问题并不是按照一级级往上这个次序来，而是全部打乱，他在入口碰到的问题是二级的，但后面碰到的就是四级，再往前就是一级。
The problems in this maze are not in the order of level one and upward, but all of them are disrupted, the problems he encountered at the entrance are level two, but the ones that come behind are level four, and then there is level one.
这道题却是五级。 This question is level 5.
他不是不能做培植五级的题目，虽然他在学校只考了个四级资格，但他在想一开始就暴露出他有五级的实力到底好不好？
It's not that he can't do the topic of cultivating the fifth level, although he only took a fourth-level qualification in school, but he was thinking about whether it would be good to expose his fifth-level strength from the beginning?
毕竟他后面还有两场比试，外加一场必定的挑战赛。 After all, he still has two matches ahead of him, plus a definite challenger.
要是表现太牛逼了，会不会太招摇？ If the performance is too awesome, will it be too ostentatious?
他本质真的是个低调的人，会偶尔高调也都是被逼的。 He is really a low-key person in essence, and he is occasionally forced to be high-profile.
看到王叶犹豫，观众们都为他着急起来。 Seeing Wang Ye hesitating, the audience was anxious for him.
“这是五级的问题吧？” "It's a fifth-level problem, right?"
“你们学校这个小天才是不是还没接触五级的培植知识？你就实话告诉我，她专业考，考了几级？”那位来了就没走的培植大佬，低声问乾副校长。
"Isn't this little genius in your school still exposed to the cultivation knowledge of the fifth level? Just tell me the truth, how many levels did she take in her professional exam? The cultivation boss who came and didn't leave, asked Vice Principal Qian in a low voice.
乾副校长竖起四根手指。 Vice President Qian held up four fingers.
“四级啊，这就有点难度了。五级的问题给分可是很高的。东泉魔法异术学校那个学生，速度也很快，而且至今没有任何错误，他虽然进来迟了一点，但他有很大可能在接下来也会碰到五级的题目，如果他能答出五级的问题，他的分数很可能会追上来。”
"Level 4, that's a bit difficult. The score for the fifth-level question is very high. The student of the Dongquan Magic School is also very fast, and there have been no mistakes so far, although he came in a little late, but there is a high probability that he will also encounter the fifth-level questions in the future, and if he can answer the fifth-level questions, his score is likely to catch up. ”
乾副校长淡定地道：“没事，小叶子还小，我们让他参加比赛，其实不是想要他拿名次，主要还是让他体会这种比试氛围，多增加一点经验。”
Vice Principal Qian said calmly: "It's okay, Xiao Yezi is still young, we let him participate in the competition, in fact, we don't want him to win the ranking, the main thing is to let him experience this competition atmosphere and add a little more experience." ”
大佬不知道地球有种形容叫凡尔赛，但这丝毫不妨碍他想喷乾副校长一脸口水的心。
The big guy didn't know that there was a description of the earth called Versailles, but that didn't stop him from wanting to dry the vice principal's saliva.
要不是那小丫头头顶的分数目前是全场第一，还远远超过第二名足足28分，我就不信你能说出让她参加大比只重在参与这种破话。
If it weren't for the fact that the score above the little girl's head is currently the first in the game, and it is far more than the second place by 28 points, I don't believe you can say that letting her participate in the big competition is only about participating in this kind of nonsense.
迷宫中，王叶决定了。 In the labyrinth, Wang Ye decided.
他可是要成为闻笛师父亲传弟子的人，更打算把闻笛师父勾到陨星。
He wants to become a disciple of Master Wendi's father, and he plans to hook Master Wendi to the meteorite.
那么要如何让所有人都认为闻笛师父转到陨星是大赚，而不是从高处往低处走，那当然就要看他这个徒弟值不值得了。
So how to make everyone think that Master Wendi's transfer to the meteorite is a big profit, instead of going from a high place to a low place, it will of course depend on whether his apprentice is worth it.
那么还有什么比一个精通各门专业、无人能比的超级天才更值得？
So what could be more worthy than a super-genius who is proficient in all professions and no one else can compare?
第201章 培植天才 Chapter 201: Cultivating Geniuses
培植这门专业可不止要学会炼制培植液，就像前面需要分析土质水质等环境问题，你还要对植物也非常了解。
Cultivation is not only about learning how to refine the cultivation liquid, just like the previous need to analyze environmental issues such as soil quality and water quality, you also need to know a lot about plants.
天下植物多少种？ How many species of plants are there in the world?
不同习性的植物又有多少种？ How many species of plants are there with different habits?
想要全部掌握又有多难？ How hard is it to master them all?
更何况培植还包括挽救、除虫、催发、增植、增效、增量、增味、换色等，一直到培育新品种，都包含在培植这门课内。
What's more, cultivation also includes rescue, insect control, propulsion, planting, efficiency, increment, flavor, color change, etc., all the way to the cultivation of new varieties, all of which are included in the cultivation course.
王叶现在遇到的五级问题就是让他把一颗种子，使用现场提供的工具和材料，以及本人的能力，对种子进行催发，并把这颗一级魔植酸腐果培育成二级的酸腐果……还要是新品种。
The fifth-level problem that Wang Ye is encountering now is to ask him to take a seed, use the tools and materials provided on the spot, as well as his own ability, to induce the seed, and cultivate this first-grade demon plant sour rot fruit into a second-level sour rotten fruit...... And new varieties.
如果只是培育一株一级魔植酸腐果，那很简单，培植一级的学生都能做。
If it's just cultivating a first-level magic plant sour rot fruit, it's very simple, and the first-level students can do it.
但想要把一株一级魔植提升到二级，或者培育成新品种，那难度就是打着滚上升。
But if you want to upgrade a first-level magic plant to a second-level demonic plant, or cultivate it into a new variety, the difficulty is to roll up.
当问题不但要你把一级魔植提升到二级，同时还要培育成新品种，难度就变成了几何级。
When the problem not only requires you to raise the first-level magic plant to the second-level, but also to cultivate a new variety, the difficulty becomes geometrical.
场外观众们都从旁白声音中了解到了题目纲要，培植系的教授们不说，学生们不由都对这个难度感到咋舌。
The audience outside the audience learned about the outline of the topic from the voice-over, and the professors of the Department of Cultivation did not say anything, and the students couldn't help but feel the difficulty of the problem.
凡是学过培植的更是不由纷纷想：这时如果是他们遇到这样的问题，应该怎么破解？
Those who have learned and cultivated can't help but think: If they encounter such a problem at this time, how should they solve it?
“只有一颗种子，根本不允许失败，太难了。” "There is only one seed, failure is not allowed at all, it is too difficult."
“我从来没听说过酸腐果能培植成什么新品种，你们听说过吗？”
"I've never heard of any new varieties that can be cultivated into sour rot, have you heard?"
“把一级魔植提高到二级，理论上倒是不难，只要有充足的魔力灌溉，而该种魔植又能承受比自身上限更高的魔力，那么冲破等级封锁，从一级变成二级也是有可能的。但这只是理论上。实际想要把一种原本长到死都只能是一级的魔植提高二级，很可能花费的能量和精力都能买下一整个二级魔植药园。”
"It is theoretically not difficult to raise the first-level magic plant to the second level, as long as there is sufficient magic irrigation, and the magic plant can withstand a higher magic power than its own upper limit, then it is also possible to break through the level blockade and change from the first level to the second level. But this is only theoretical. In fact, if you want to increase a kind of demon plant that can only be a level 1 to death, it is likely that the energy and energy spent can buy an entire level 2 magic plant medicine garden. ”
“能量不足、时间不够，种子更只有一颗，这个题目不是普通的难啊。”
"There is not enough energy, there is not enough time, and there is only one seed, this topic is not an ordinary difficulty."
“陨星这个小女孩只有放弃了，如果她不肯放弃，她不但要在这道题上浪费大量时间，之后失败也要被困五分钟。如此一来，她在前面积累下来的优势很可能会荡然无存。”
"The little girl has to give up, and if she refuses to give up, she will not only waste a lot of time on this question, but she will also be trapped for five minutes if she fails. In this way, the advantage she has accumulated in the past is likely to be lost. ”
“还有三十分钟不到，这场比赛就要结束了。聪明人应该会立刻放弃这道题，去其他岔道再找新的题目，这时候就应该能刷多少分就刷多少分。”
"With less than 30 minutes to go, the game is coming to an end. A smart person should immediately give up this question and go to another fork in the road to find a new one, and then they should be able to score as many points as they can. ”
“啊！这女孩拿起了种子，她想干什么？她不准备放弃吗？”
"Ahh This girl picked up the seed, what did she want to do? Isn't she ready to give up? ”
和小叶子没有关系的观众都急，更何况陨星的人，但他们只能在外面急，他们喊得再大声，里面的王叶也听不到。
The audience who has nothing to do with Xiao Yezi is anxious, not to mention the people of the falling star, but they can only be anxious outside, no matter how loud they shout, Wang Ye inside can't hear it.
有坐在雷木身边的学生忍不住，凑近雷木问：“你不急吗？”
A student sitting next to Lei Mu couldn't help it, approached Lei Mu and asked, "Aren't you in a hurry?" ”
雷木：“我相信小叶子。” Raimu: "I believe in Konoha. ”
“这可是五级的难题。”该学生呢喃。 "It's a fifth-level problem." The student muttered.
雷木嘴上说着：“总要让他试试。” Lei Mu said, "Always let him try." ”
心里则想着：小叶子为了隐藏实力，只卷轴和驭虫考了五级资格，培植考了四级。但并不代表他的培植能力只有四级，就像他的卷轴和驭虫真实实力也不是只有五级一样。
In his heart, he thought: In order to hide his strength, Xiao Yezi only took the fifth-level qualification for scrolls and insects, and the fourth-level cultivation exam. But it doesn't mean that his cultivation ability is only level four, just like his true strength of scrolls and insects is not only level five.
炼药因为之前和一年级魔药学院天才的比试，大家都知道小叶子赢了那个天才，小叶子就顺手去考了个炼药三级资格。没往更高等级考，用王小叶的话来说，就是一次性不能暴露太多。
Because of the previous competition with the first-year Potions Academy genius, everyone knew that Xiao Yezi won that genius, so Xiao Yezi went to take the third-level qualification for alchemy. didn't take the test at a higher level, in Wang Xiaoye's words, it means that you can't expose too much at one time.
另外炼金方面，小叶子也达到了五级，但他连考都没考。
In addition, in terms of alchemy, Xiao Yezi also reached level five, but he didn't even take the test.
而他还记得他跟小叶子刚见面时，这小家伙就能徒手凭空布置魔法阵，他后来都忘记问小叶子魔法阵达到了几级。
And he still remembered that when he and Xiao Yezi first met, this little guy was able to arrange the magic array out of thin air with his bare hands, and he later forgot to ask Xiao Yezi what level the magic array had reached.
如此，雷木当然不担心不着急，如果小叶子没把握，他绝对不会去碰这道题，他敢碰就表示他有完成的信心。
In this way, of course Lei Mu is not worried or in a hurry, if Xiao Yezi is not sure, he will definitely not touch this question, if he dares to touch it, it means that he has the confidence to complete it.
“快看！那小女孩竟然能催发植物生长！” "Look! That little girl can actually induce plants to grow! ”
“哇哦，她是木系精灵混血吗？” "Wow, is she a wood-elf hybrid?"
“也不一定非是木系精灵混血，有些人一出生就拥有特殊能力，她应该不止是魔法师，还是一名异术师。”
"It doesn't have to be a wood-type elf hybrid, some people are born with special abilities, she should be not only a magician, but also a magician."
“魔法中也有催生的魔法……” "There is also magic in magic......
“等等！你们忘了，这女孩前面可是展露了她会治疗术，现在她还能催生植物，我敢用等会儿的午饭打赌，她一定和木系精灵有关。”
"Wait! You forget, this girl has shown that she can heal, and now she can give birth to plants, and I'm willing to bet that she must have something to do with the wood elves for lunch. ”
“魔法中也有治疗魔法！” "There's healing magic in magic, too!"
“哦，你们的意思是说，这小女孩不但培植学得好，她的魔法也很牛掰？”
"Oh, you mean to say that this little girl is not only good at cultivation, but also very good at magic?"
“为什么不行？” "Why not?"
“拜托！你们睁大眼睛看看，她才多大？她这个年纪，能把培植学到四级就已经很很很天才好了吧，还兼顾魔法？怎么可能？所以治疗术和植物催生术肯定都是她的血脉能力。而且你们不觉得就是因为她有木系精灵血脉，培植才学得这么好吗？”
"Please! Keep your eyes open and see, how old is she? At her age, being able to cultivate to the fourth level is already very, very genius, right? How can it be? Therefore, the healing technique and the plant inducing technique must be her bloodline ability. And don't you think it's because she has the blood of a wood elf that she can learn so well in cultivation? ”
“又不是只有木系精灵培植好，树人更好！难道你说那小女孩还有树人血脉吗？”
"It's not just the wood elves that are well cultivated, and the tree people are even better! Did you say that little girl still had the blood of a treeman? ”
“我们兽人一族也有很多擅长培植的。” "We orcs also have a lot of good at cultivating."
“我们人类也不差。” "We're not bad as humans."
好些观众竟在此刻争吵起来。 Many spectators were arguing at this moment.
而某些精灵混血学生和精灵族的教授，以及一些被邀请到现场观看比赛的精灵们则全神贯注观察着光幕中的小女孩，想要从他身上找出木系精灵血脉的蛛丝马迹。
Some of the elven half-blood students and elven professors, as well as some elves who were invited to watch the game, were engrossed in observing the little girl in the light curtain, trying to find clues from him about the bloodline of the wood elves.
闻笛教授勾起唇角。这个催生魔植的能力不错，至少以后他这个徒弟不会缺材料。
Professor Wen Di curled the corners of his lips. This ability to spawn demon plants is good, at least in the future, his apprentice will not be short of materials.
乾副校长感觉到不少道投注到他身上的目光，似乎都很想问问他，小叶子到底是不是木系精灵和人类的混血。
Vice Principal Qian felt a lot of eyes on him, and seemed to want to ask him if Xiao Yezi was a hybrid of wood elves and humans.
乾副校长：“……”我可以确定那小子就是人类，至于他为什么能掌握类似木系精灵的能力，大概和他的异术有关吧。
Vice Principal Qian: "......" I can be sure that kid is a human, as for why he can master abilities similar to wood elves, it probably has something to do with his magic.
不过这小子的大哥倒是精灵混血，而且这对兄弟和精灵族的关系也相当好。难道……不不不，不可能！
However, this kid's eldest brother is an elven half-blood, and the relationship between the brothers and the elves is also quite good. Don't...... No, no, no, it can't be!
如果王小叶或者雷木有木系精灵血脉，那些精灵们早就察觉了，也早就把人带回族里，怎么可能还会放任两人在他们学校逍遥？
If Wang Xiaoye or Lei Mu had the blood of wood elves, those elves would have noticed it a long time ago and brought people back to the clan, how could they still let the two of them go free in their school?
“啊啊啊！”一连串的惨叫响起。 "Ahhh A series of screams rang out.
乾副校长惊了一跳，他就晃了下神，发生了什么事？ Vice Principal Qian was startled, and he shook his head, what happened?
“作弊啊！” "Cheating!"
“竟然还能这样！” "It's still like this!"
“太狡猾了！” "It's so cunning!"
“个人能力不算作弊，刚才题目也说了可以使用个人能力。”
"Personal ability is not cheating, and the question just said that you can use personal ability."
“我就说这个能力太作弊！这得省了多少培植的工夫？”
"I'll just say it's too cheating! How much cultivation effort does this have to be saved? ”
乾副校长听着会场中一堆捶胸顿足的叫嚣声，目光重新投回到光幕上。
Vice President Qian listened to the shouts of beating his chest in the venue, and his eyes returned to the light curtain.
就见培植迷宫中，王小叶使用【种瓜得瓜种豆得豆】的因果技能，不但加快了酸腐果的生长过程，还直接开花结果了。
In the cultivation labyrinth, Wang Xiaoye used the causal skill of [Planting Melons and Getting Melons and Planting Beans to Get Beans], which not only accelerated the growth process of sour rotten fruits, but also directly flowered and fruited.
虽然酸腐果只是灌木类魔植，但一株灌木上也能结出上百颗小果子。
Although sour rot fruit is only a shrub-type magic plant, a single shrub can also produce hundreds of small fruits.
而上百颗酸腐果，就表示里面有上百颗的种子。 And hundreds of sour rot fruits mean that there are hundreds of seeds in them.
上百颗还不够，王叶又催生了八颗种子，得到了八棵酸腐果灌木。
Hundreds were not enough, and Wang Ye gave birth to eight more seeds and obtained eight sour rot fruit shrubs.
最后采集下来的种子累积达到了千颗。 In the end, the accumulated number of seeds collected reached 1,000.
直到此时，王叶才开始展开能让人眼花缭乱的培植技能。
It was only at this time that Wang Ye began to unfold the cultivation skills that could dazzle people.
不过短短十分钟，王叶就做了十种不同的培植液。 However, in just ten minutes, Wang Ye made ten different cultivation liquids.
外行看热闹，内行看门道。 The layman looks at the bustle, and the insider looks at the doorway.
懂培植的人都不住点头，有些教授还惊叹小女孩的魔力储存之丰富，和精神力的强大。
Those who knew how to cultivate couldn't help but nod, and some professors were amazed at the abundance of the little girl's magical power and the strength of her spiritual power.
能在这么短的时间内，就做出这么多份培植液，还没有一种失败。这没有丰厚的能力储存和高深的精神力，怎么可能做到？
In such a short period of time, so many copies of cultivation liquid can be made, and there has not been a single failure. How could this be done without a rich store of abilities and profound spiritual power?
何况小女孩之前还催生了九棵一级魔植。 What's more, the little girl had also spawned nine first-level demon plants before.
观众们的目光越发黏到王叶身上，尤其是培植系的大佬们，就连各校的领队大佬也在关注这个小女孩。
The audience's eyes became more and more glued to Wang Ye, especially the bigwigs of the cultivation department, and even the leaders of the schools were also paying attention to this little girl.
于是众人就见到，王叶把上千棵种子分别浸泡在不同液体、土壤中，观察后，再进行催生。
So everyone saw that Wang Ye soaked thousands of seeds in different liquids and soils, observed them, and then gave birth.
但这次都没有催生到成熟，有的才发芽就被他中止了。 But this time it didn't give birth to maturity, and some of them were stopped by him before they sprouted.
而有些嫩芽则被他保留下来，再次进行培植液浸泡。 Some of the shoots were kept by him and soaked in the cultivation solution again.
在这个过程中，王叶还在不断配制新的培植液。 In this process, Wang Ye is still preparing new cultivation liquids.
场外那些培植大佬们看着王叶的手法和使用的材料等，不住点头。
The cultivation bigwigs outside the field couldn't help nodding their heads when they looked at Wang Ye's techniques and materials used.
尤其王叶那熟练无比的架势，拿起材料连看都不看，直接就敢往坩埚里丢，看似胡闹，实际这是对材料和配制过程特别熟练才能做到。
Especially Wang Ye's extremely skilled posture, he didn't even look at the materials when he picked them up, and dared to throw them directly into the crucible, which seemed to be nonsense, but in fact, he was particularly proficient in the materials and preparation process to do it.
坐在乾副校长旁边的培植大佬满是惊讶地道：“这小丫头……真的才只有九岁？她这老练的架势，说她是夺舍重生的老怪物我都相信。”
The cultivation boss sitting next to Vice Principal Qian said with surprise: "This little girl...... Is it really only nine years old? Her sophisticated posture, I believe that she is an old monster who has been reborn. ”
乾副校长没好气地道：“你觉得我们学校的人都眼瞎？还是比试传送门的验魂一关出了问题？”
Vice Principal Qian said angrily: "Do you think everyone in our school is blind? Or did it go wrong with the soul test of the portal? ”
大佬讪笑：“我就是太惊讶了嘛。说来，这小丫头的指导教授到底是谁？看手法确实像是老覃，但又有些不同。”
The big guy sneered: "I'm just too surprised." Speaking of which, who is this little girl's instructor? It does look like Lao Qin, but it is a little different. ”
乾副校长呵呵：“不管他指导教授是谁，肯定不是你。”
Vice President Qian: "No matter who his supervisor is, it's definitely not you." ”
“喂，还是不是老朋友？” "Hey, or not old friends?"
“想打我们学校宝贝蛋的主意，那就不是！” "If you want to hit our school babe, that's not it!"
大佬目瞪口呆：你怎么好意思把宝贝蛋三个字说出口的？
The big guy was dumbfounded: Why are you embarrassed to say the three words baby egg?
兰道教授也在跟虫老聊天：“看来小叶子培植学得不错。我还以为他真的只把培植学到了四级。”
Professor Landau was also chatting with the insect elder: "It seems that the cultivation of small leaves is good. I thought he had really only learned cultivation to the fourth level. ”
“也不知道他哪来的精力。”虫老不禁问兰道：“你是不是记错了时间，也许你不止花了一万点，而是花了更多，让那小子在那里待了五年，而不是五个月？”
"I don't know where he got his energy." The worm elder couldn't help but ask Lan Dao: "Did you remember the time wrongly, maybe you didn't just spend 10,000 points, but more, and let that kid stay there for five years, not five months?" ”
兰道斜睨虫老，用表情告诉他：你觉得可能吗？ Landau's oblique insect is old, and tells him with an expression: Do you think it is possible?
虫老也觉得不可能，老头摸摸下巴：“这说明这小子还有很大压榨可能，在我们不知道的时候就把魔植学得这么好，还想着再找个药学师父，哼。”
The old man also felt that it was impossible, and the old man touched his chin: "This shows that this kid still has a great possibility of squeezing, and he learned the demon plant so well when we didn't know it, and he still wanted to find another medicine master, hum." ”
“如果他连炼金和魔法阵也会，就不得了了。”兰道开了个玩笑。
"If he can even know alchemy and magic array, it will be terrible." Landau made a joke.
虫老眯了眯眼，他可是知道王小叶的炼药实力的，至少不会低于四级。
The insect elder narrowed his eyes, but he knew that Wang Xiaoye's refining strength would not be lower than the fourth level at least.
“闻笛炼药厉害，他的魔法阵更厉害，只不过知道这点的人不多。”虫老突然道。
"Wen Di is powerful in refining medicine, and his magic array is even more powerful, but not many people know this." The worm elder said suddenly.
兰道一愣，露出所有所思的神情。 Landau was stunned for a moment, revealing all the thoughts he had on his face.
培植迷宫中，王叶经过一批批挑拣删除，千颗种子最后只留下两株幼苗。
In the cultivation labyrinth, Wang Ye was selected and deleted in batches, and only two seedlings were left after thousands of seeds.
他从迷宫提供的材料中找出魔晶和部分材料，随手布置了一个魔法阵。
He took out the magic crystal and some materials from the materials provided by the labyrinth, and arranged a magic circle casually.
然后就把那两株幼苗放进了魔法阵中。 Then he put the two seedlings into the magic circle.
王叶把一枚三级魔晶放到魔法阵的启动阵眼上，魔法阵顺利启动，发起一阵亮光。
Wang Ye put a third-level magic crystal on the activation array eye of the magic array, and the magic array was successfully activated, launching a burst of bright light.
亮光是能量。 Light is energy.
这些丰富的魔力包裹住魔法阵中的两棵幼苗，开始进行强行魔力灌溉和等级提升。
This abundant magic power enveloped the two seedlings in the magic array, and began to forcibly irrigate and level up.
场外观众不懂魔法阵的人一阵茫然，懂魔法阵的张大了嘴巴。
The people in the audience who didn't understand the magic array were at a loss for a while, and those who understood the magic array opened their mouths wide.
刚刚还说要是王叶也懂魔法阵和炼金就不得了的兰道教授吃惊地坐直了身体。
Professor Landau, who had just said that it would be great if Wang Ye also knew magic array and alchemy, sat up straight in surprise.
虫老也是一脸震惊：王小叶竟然真的懂魔法阵？！ The insect elder was also shocked: Wang Xiaoye really understands the magic array?!
“她她她……！”培植大佬一把抓住乾副校长的臂膀，跟个少年一样喊道：“看到了吗？小叶子竟然会用魔法阵，还这么熟练！那是魔力灌溉和等级提升魔法阵，我还要花钱请人布置，她竟然自己布置出来了！”
"She, she, she, ......!" The cultivation boss grabbed Vice Principal's arm and shouted like a teenager, "See? Xiao Yezi can actually use the magic array, and he is so proficient! It was a magic irrigation and level-raising magic array, and I had to pay someone to arrange it, and she actually arranged it herself! ”
乾副校长也惊呆了好么，被好友一阵摇动才醒过神。 Vice Principal Qian was also stunned, and was shaken by his friend before he woke up.
“别叫得那么亲密，你继续叫她小丫头就可以。”乾副校长冷哼。
"Don't call her so intimately, you can just keep calling her little girl." Vice Principal Qian snorted coldly.
培植大佬眼睛忽然转向好友：“老朋友，” The cultivation boss's eyes suddenly turned to his friend: "Old friend,"
“别说！你不往下说，我们还有朋友做！”乾副校长当机立断道。
"Don't say it! If you don't go on, we still have friends to do! Vice President Qian immediately decided.
培植大佬顿时不愿了，老顽童一样踢着腿道：“我偏说！你看我都这个年纪了，到现在还没有收到一个弟子，我现在明白了，以前老天爷不让我收弟子就是为了等我的小叶子！”
The cultivation boss suddenly reluctant, and the old naughty boy kicked his legs and said, "I'm biased!" You see I'm this age, and I haven't received a disciple yet, I understand now, God didn't let me accept disciples in the past just to wait for my little leaf! ”
“滚！”乾副校长黑了脸。 "Get out!" Vice Principal Qian's face darkened.
“老朋友，我可以转进你们陨星，只要你把小叶子给我！”
"Old friend, I can turn into your meteorite, as long as you give me the little leaf!"
“……你转过来？” “…… Do you turn around? ”
“对！” "Yes!"
“你们学校会同意？” "Your school will agree?"
“那我们偷偷的？我可以到你们学校兼职。” "And what do we steal? I can work part-time at your school. ”
“滚！” "Get out!"
“不要啊，老朋友，我们可以再谈啊。我承认老覃是不错，但要真论起培植学，他真的不如我啊。我的小叶子，她从头到脚看着就特别像我的弟子，你给不给？给不给？”
"No, old friend, we can talk again. I admit that Lao Qin is good, but when it comes to cultivation, he is really not as good as me. My little Yezi, she looks very much like my disciple from head to toe, do you give it to you? To give or not to give? ”
乾副校长直接就给老友的校长兼夫人发了魔法信，让她赶紧过来把这个叛徒给拎回去。
Vice Principal Qian directly sent a magic letter to his old friend's principal and wife, asking her to hurry over and bring this traitor back.
培植大佬被自家校长兼夫人给拎着耳朵拖了回去，一路呜哇，伤心至极。
The cultivation boss was dragged back by his own principal and wife, whimpering all the way, and he was extremely sad.
哈林小镇魔法学校校长对丈夫怒其不争，当着别人的面也不给丈夫面子，但看他哭得伤心，忍不住道：“你蠢啊，老乾不肯把人给你，你不能自己去骗去抢？你去陨星干什么？有种你把那小丫头给我拐到我们学校来！”
The principal of the Harlem Town Magic School was angry with her husband, and she didn't give her husband face in front of others, but seeing that he was crying sadly, he couldn't help but say: "You are stupid, Lao Qian refuses to give you people, you can't cheat and rob yourself?" What are you doing in Meteorite? You kidnapped that little girl to our school! ”
培植大佬眼泪一收：对哦，陨星不给他，他就自己抢！ The cultivation boss collected his tears: yes, if the meteor doesn't give it to him, he will grab it himself!
闻笛教授也听到了周围教授的骚动，不少教授都在窃窃私语，似乎在惊叹陨星那小女孩的天赋。
Professor Wen Di also heard the commotion of the professors around him, and many of the professors were whispering, as if they were marveling at the talent of the little girl in the falling star.
培植四级绝对稳稳的，五级也很有可能。 Cultivating the fourth level is absolutely stable, and the fifth level is also very possible.
会治疗术，会植物催生，还很聪明。 He can heal, he can grow plants, and he is very smart.
如今还展示出她魔法阵方面的天赋。 Now she also shows her talent in magic arrays.
这样的孩子不是天才，还有什么样的孩子是天才？ Such a child is not a genius, and what kind of child is a genius?
闻笛：没想到另一个我竟然连魔法阵也教给小叶子了，不错，非常不错。不愧是我自己，真有眼光。
Wendi: I didn't expect that the other one I even taught Xiao Yezi the magic array, yes, very good. It's me, I really have a vision.
“闻笛啊，我听说就是这个孩子缠着你叫你师父的？”闻笛听到一声充满羡慕妒忌的声音。
"Wendi, I heard that this kid pestered you to call you master?" Wen Di heard a voice full of envy and jealousy.
闻笛优雅地转过头，微笑：“小孩子单方面瞎叫而已，我还没有同意。”
Wen Di turned his head gracefully and smiled: "The child is just screaming unilaterally, and I haven't agreed yet." ”
说话的教授：友尽！ Talking Professor: Friends!
其他教授听到闻笛这句话，都觉得闻笛教授浑身上下都冒出了一种说不出的优越感，那得意劲都快溢出来了，啧！
When the other professors heard Wen Di's words, they all felt that Professor Wen Di had an indescribable sense of superiority all over his body, and the pride was about to overflow, tsk!
撒奇尔等学生还在找那个叫王叶的男孩，这时他们盯着光幕中叫小叶子的女孩，几乎已经确定了他的身份。
Thatchir and the other students were still looking for the boy named Wang Ye, and at this time they stared at the girl named Xiao Yezi in the light curtain, and almost confirmed his identity.
不过比起身边同学对女孩天赋和能力的惊讶和羡慕，撒奇尔则握紧了双拳，眼中是对小女孩的极端排斥和警惕。
However, compared with the surprise and envy of the classmates around him for the girl's talent and ability, Thatchir clenched his fists, and his eyes were extremely repulsive and wary of the little girl.
他不喜欢有比他更天才、更具有天赋的人，他看到这样的人，就会生理性厌恶，想要彻底摧毁对方，让这些天才变成只能听他使唤的狗和傀儡！
He doesn't like people who are more talented and gifted than him, and when he sees such people, he will be physiologically disgusted, and want to completely destroy each other, so that these geniuses will become dogs and puppets who can only obey him!
一阵急促的号角声响起，这是提醒培植比试即将结束的警告。
A hurried horn sounded, a warning that the cultivation competition was coming to an end.
培植迷宫的学生，包括还在外面村子里想办法的学生都听到了，他们能加快速度的都在加快，有些却因为一时急切，导致能成功的也失败了。
The students who cultivated the labyrinth, including those who were still trying to figure out a way in the outside village, heard it, and those who could speed up were speeding up, and some of them failed because of their eagerness.
王叶也听到了急促的号角声，但他的时间掐得刚刚好。 Wang Ye also heard the sound of a hurried horn, but his time was just right.
在号角声刚刚落下，魔法阵的光芒也跟着消失，露出里面两株已经长了一半的小型灌木。
As soon as the horn fell, the light of the magic circle disappeared, revealing two small bushes that were already half grown.
其中一株的颜色变了，还有一株则是光秃秃的一根，看起来都不像是酸腐果植株了。
One of the plants has changed color, and the other one is bare, and it doesn't look like a rotten fruit plant anymore.
“交题。”王叶道。 "Submission." Wang Ye said.
两株小型灌木陡然消失。 Two small shrubs disappeared abruptly.
随后不到十秒，王叶头顶的分数再次往上跳了一个很高的数字。
Then, in less than ten seconds, the score above Wang Ye's head jumped up again by a very high number.
同一时间，这场历时整整三个小时的培植比试也彻底结束，所有在幻境考场中的学生都被踢出了考场。
At the same time, the three-hour cultivation competition was also completely over, and all the students in the illusion examination room were kicked out of the examination room.
王叶等人一个接一个从舞台中心的传送门中滚了出来。 Wang Ye and the others rolled out of the portal in the center of the stage one by one.
各校师长早就在等着，他们看到自己学生，立刻使用各种手法，把人用最快速度接到身边，完全不给其他人下黑手的机会。
The teachers of each school have been waiting for a long time, and when they saw their students, they immediately used various methods to bring people to their side as quickly as possible, and did not give others a chance to do the wrong thing.
虽说在这种公开场合下黑手的人很少，但不是没有。 Although there are very few people who do black hands in such public situations, it is not impossible.
就那几次少数经验也足够让各校警惕，所以学生上场时，他们送。学生出来时，他们接。绝不让自家学生离开自己的眼皮。
Just a few times the experience is enough to make the schools vigilant, so when the students play, they send. Students come out when they pick up. Never let your own students out of your eyelids.
陨星最紧张，这场培植比试，都不用看最后结果，就能明确知道第一名肯定落在他们家。
Meteorite is the most nervous, and in this cultivation competition, without looking at the final results, you can clearly know that the first place will definitely fall on their family.
王小叶这个风头出太大了，完全是力压其他学校的天才，让其他天才们几乎没有展露的机会。
Wang Xiaoye's limelight is too big, and he completely overwhelms the geniuses of other schools, so that other geniuses have almost no chance to show themselves.
虫老、兰道教授，还有陨星的其他大佬都暗中做好了戒备。
Worm Boss, Professor Landau, and the other bigwigs of Meteorite were all secretly on guard.
会场气氛竟然变得有些紧绷起来。 The atmosphere in the venue became a little tense.
乾副校长亲自到舞台接人，他就负责接王小叶，其他两名学生交给了另两位工作人员。
Vice Principal Qian personally went to the stage to pick up people, and he was responsible for picking up Wang Xiaoye, and the other two students were handed over to the other two staff members.
这些工作人员可不是学校的文职工作者，而都是学校最强的守护力量，是学校护卫队精英成员。
These staff members are not the school's clerical staff authors, but they are the strongest guardian force of the school, and they are elite members of the school's security team.
王叶看到乾副校长亲自来接人，对他眨眨眼。 Wang Ye saw Vice Principal Qian come to pick him up in person, and winked at him.
乾副校长很想敲敲他脑袋，最后却抓住小孩的手，低声夸奖：“做得好。后面你哪里都不要乱跑，给我老实待在校队中。懂？”
Vice Principal Qian wanted to knock him on the head, but in the end he grabbed the child's hand and praised him in a low voice: "Well done." Don't run around anywhere in the future, stay honest with me in the school team. Understand? ”
王叶：就知道会这样。天才啊，就是要能忍得住寂寞。 Wang Ye: I knew it would be like this. Genius is to be able to endure loneliness.
第202章 拿奖、空间融合 Chapter 202: Winning Prizes, Spatial Fusion
王小叶看到雷木，顿时什么寂寞心都扔到一边，他兔子一样跳起来，扑进雷木怀里。
When Wang Xiaoye saw Lei Mu, he immediately threw any loneliness aside, and he jumped up like a rabbit and threw himself into Lei Mu's arms.
雷木抱着他转了几圈。 Remu hugged him a few times.
王叶开心大笑。 Wang Ye laughed happily.
他在享受他的童年，未来他也将享受他的少年和青年、乃至其他任何一个时期。
He was enjoying his childhood, and he will enjoy his youth and youth, and any other period in the future.
这辈子，他和上辈子过得再也不一样。 In this life, he is no longer the same as his previous life.
他不再是那个挣扎着求活，看世界满怀怨恨的阴郁小孩，也不用再去福利院，不用背负杀父的罪名，不用被人指指戳戳，不用再去小小年纪混社会，不用一点大就要考虑如何赚钱喂饱自己……
He is no longer the gloomy child who struggles to survive and sees the world full of resentment, and he no longer needs to go to a welfare home, no longer has to bear the charge of killing his father, no longer needs to be pointed at and poked, no longer has to go to the society at a young age, and he doesn't have to think about how to make money to feed himself when he is a little older......
“木木，”王小叶抱住雷木的脖子，贴着他的耳朵说：“我现在明白了，我那场梦中吃的一切苦头，都是为了现在的快乐和幸福打基础。没有那场梦，也没有现在的我。”
"Mu Mu," Wang Xiaoye hugged Lei Mu's neck and put his ear against him, "I understand now that all the hardships I endured in that dream were to lay the foundation for my current happiness and happiness. I didn't have that dream, and I didn't have the person I am now. ”
雷木抱紧了小孩。他无法体会小孩在那一世中都遇到了什么事情，但想到他刚见到小孩时他那异常瘦小、身上还带伤的凄惨模样，就可以推断出小叶子的童年恐怕不会很愉快。
Raimu hugged the child tightly. He couldn't understand what had happened to the child in that life, but thinking of the miserable appearance of his unusually thin and wounded body when he first met the child, he could deduce that Xiao Yezi's childhood might not be very pleasant.
这辈子，小叶子因为多了一世的记忆，可以早早挣脱出来。可那一世呢？
In this life, Xiao Yezi can break free early because of the memories of a lifetime. But what about that life?
他是怎么长大的，又受了多少罪？ How did he grow up and how many sins did he suffer?
更不要说后来他和闻笛都死在小叶子面前。被留下的那个总是最痛苦的，亲眼目睹至亲的师父和最信赖的伙伴为自己而死，重情的小叶子恐怕也接近崩溃边缘了吧？
Not to mention that both he and Wendi died in front of Xiao Yezi later. The one who was left behind was always the most painful, witnessing the death of his dearest master and most trusted partner for himself, and the loving little leaf is probably on the verge of collapse, right?
虽然小叶子没说他是怎么死的，但小叶子这么聪明、这么厉害，却在他们死后不久就也死了，是不是就死于心魔？
Although Xiao Yezi didn't say how he died, Xiao Yezi was so smart and powerful, but he also died soon after they died, did he die from his inner demons?
雷木心脏丝丝缕缕的抽痛，更加抱紧了小叶子。 Lei Mu's heart throbbed slightly, and he hugged Xiao Ye even tighter.
那一世过去了，这一世他一定会好好守护在小叶子身边，陪伴他长大、陪伴他到老。反正那一世他不也是小叶子的守护者吗，这辈子就继续做好了。
That life has passed, and in this life, he will definitely guard Xiao Yezi well, accompany him to grow up, and accompany him to old age. Anyway, isn't he also the guardian of Xiaoye in that life, and he will continue to do well in this life.
虫老和兰道教授都露出了淡淡的笑容，他们没过去加入那对兄弟的庆祝，对他们来说，小叶子的正式比赛还没开始呢。
Worm Elder and Professor Landau both smiled faintly, they didn't go over to join the brothers' celebration, for them, Xiao Yezi's official competition hadn't started yet.
王叶重新打开了虫巢空间和外面的联系，金宝闹腾着想出来。
Wang Ye reopened the connection between the hive space and the outside, and Jinbao was scrambling to figure it out.
王叶不放心，这里人多眼杂，大佬又多，要是有人看出金宝的底细，那就是给他们招贼找麻烦的，就不肯。
Wang Ye is not at ease, there are many people here, and there are many big guys, if someone sees the details of Jinbao, it will be to make trouble for them to recruit thieves, so he will refuse.
金宝气得拿屁股对着王叶。 Jinbao was so angry that he pointed his ass at Wang Ye.
就是最宠他的雷木爸爸，这次也没有任由他的性子来，坚决同意小叶子爸爸的政策，不让金宝从虫巢空间里出来。
is the most spoiled Lei Mu Daddy, this time he didn't let his temperament come, and resolutely agreed with Xiao Yezi's father's policy not to let Jinbao come out of the hive space.
“我们也想看热闹。”疯药王一句话就说出他们的真实期盼。
"We also want to see the excitement." The Mad Medicine King said their true expectations in one sentence.
王叶揉了揉太阳穴，他不是烦，他是在考虑一个可能性。
Wang Ye rubbed his temples, he wasn't annoying, he was considering a possibility.
“木木，” "Mumu,"
“嗯？” "Huh?"
“我在想我的空间能不能和你的空间连成一体。” "I'm wondering if my space can be integrated with yours."
雷木瞠目：你都在想什么呢？ Reimu: What are you thinking?
王叶却觉得并不是不可能。 Wang Ye felt that it was not impossible.
号角声再次响起。 The trumpet sounded again.
“诸位，本届大比第一场比试，培植专业比试，到此结束！”
"Ladies and gentlemen, the first competition of this year's competition, the cultivation professional competition, is over!"
布鲁校长的声音响遍会场。 Principal Blue's voice resounded through the room.
“下面，我们即将宣布本场比试的前十名，并对前三名进行现场表彰和颁奖。”
"Below, we are about to announce the top 10 in this competition, and the top three will be commended and awarded on the spot."
布鲁校长的话音刚落，光幕上就逐一出现了前十名参赛者的名字。
As soon as Principal Blue's words fell, the names of the top ten contestants appeared on the light screen one by one.
从第十名开始，每出现一个名字，该校校队全体人员就会发出大声的欢呼。
From 10th place onwards, every name that appeared was cheered loudly by the entire school team.
第十名很低？被第一名碾压？ 10th place is low? Crushed by the first place?
好歹也是一百六十多名参赛者中的第十名，六十七所学校的第十名，考虑到能参加这场比试的学生都是各校培植专业的精英和天才，能在这种比试中取得前十名，对很多人而言就已经是一种很了不起的成就。
It was also the tenth place among the more than 160 contestants and the tenth place among the 67 schools, considering that the students who were able to participate in this competition were the elites and geniuses of the various schools that cultivated their majors, it was already a great achievement for many people to be able to achieve the top 10 in this competition.
何况能在开局被陨星和兽人六名学生抢先跑出一段距离的情况下，还能有人追上，那是真的实力强大。
What's more, if you can run a distance away from the six students of Meteorite and Orc at the beginning, someone can catch up, which is really powerful.
现场气氛还算欢腾，但观众席上数量最多的双月学生们却大多保持着沉默。
The atmosphere was quite jubilant, but most of the Bimonthly students in the audience remained silent.
从第十名开始就没有双月的校名，这在往年几乎是不可能的事，双月好歹是综合排名第一的魔法学校，培植学科虽然不是最强项，但强将手下无弱兵，在前十名中占一两个名额还是不难的，有时候冲到前三也不是没有可能。
Since the tenth place, there is no double moon school name, which is almost impossible in previous years, and the double moon is the first magic school in the comprehensive ranking, although the cultivation discipline is not the strongest, but there are no weak soldiers under the strong generals, and it is not difficult to occupy one or two places in the top ten, and sometimes it is not impossible to rush to the top three.
兽人学校发出欢呼，他们中的虎飞弓拿到了第四名的好成绩。
The orc school cheered, and one of them, Tiger Flying Bow, finished fourth.
陨星学校也很高兴，今年他们派出的三名学生都进入了前十名，刚刚第五名就是陈潜，另一名学生成绩也不错，达到了第六名。
The Meteorite School is also very happy, this year the three students they sent have all entered the top ten, the fifth place just now is Chen Qian, and the other student has also achieved good results, reaching the sixth place.
虽然没有进入前三，但陈潜和那名学生对这个名次已经很满意，陨星的培植学科比较弱，往年能有一人杀进前十名，都是值得热烈庆祝的事。
Although they did not enter the top three, Chen Qian and the student were already very satisfied with this ranking, the cultivation discipline of the meteorite was relatively weak, and it was worth celebrating warmly to have one person enter the top ten in previous years.
陈潜和另一名学生，包括他们的指导教授都心知肚明，两人的真实实力也就在三级，如果不是托王小叶的福，比别人都先走一步，他们真不一定能挤进前十。两人进入迷宫后，四级的题目几乎全部放弃，分数累积自然就没有真正的天才多。
Chen Qian and the other students, including their instructor, all knew that the true strength of the two of them was at the third level, if it weren't for Wang Xiaoye's blessing, they would not necessarily be able to squeeze into the top ten if they were one step ahead of others. After the two entered the maze, almost all the questions of level 4 were abandoned, and the accumulation of scores was naturally not as much as that of a real genius.
终于到了最被人期待的前三名。 Finally, it is in the top three that are most anticipated.
布鲁校长的声音也再次出现：“本届培植比试第三名获得者是，兽人超凡者综合学校，猴小岩！”
Principal Blue's voice also appeared again: "The third place winner of this year's cultivation competition is, Orc Transcendent Comprehensive School, Monkey Xiaoyan!" ”
“嗷嗷嗷！”兽人校队百多人队伍发出了近乎千人的欢呼声。
"Whoa!" The more than 100 members of the orc school team cheered nearly a thousand people.
猴小岩这个名次也算是实至名归，他本身的实力也确实能挤入前五名，至于能不能进入前三就看运气。
Monkey Xiaoyan's ranking is well deserved, and his own strength can indeed squeeze into the top five, as for whether he can enter the top three, it depends on luck.
而这届他运气显然不错，乘上了陨星王小叶的东风，比其他人都先一步说出比试幻境中的危害根源和根除方法。
And this time, he was obviously lucky, taking advantage of the east wind of the Falling Star King Xiaoye, and one step ahead of everyone else to say the source of the harm and the eradication method in the illusion of the competition.
光幕上也出现了猴小岩的名字。 The name of Monkey Xiaoyan also appeared on the light curtain.
猴小岩被请到舞台上，他高兴得站在领奖台上拼命跟大家挥手。
Monkey Xiaoyan was invited to the stage, and he was so happy that he stood on the podium and waved desperately to everyone.
紧接着：“本届培植比试第二名获得者是，东泉魔法异术超凡者学校，白三河！”
Immediately after: "The second place winner of this year's cultivation competition is, Dongquan Magic Alien Transcendent School, Bai Sanhe!" ”
掌声如雷鸣般响起，双月学校和东泉关系不错，不，应该说，东泉和其他任何超凡者学校的关系都不错，他们的学生获得第二名，鼓掌的人很多。
The applause rang out like thunder, the relationship between the Double Moon School and Dongquan was good, no, it should be said that Dongquan had a good relationship with any other transcendent school, their students won the second place, and there were many people who applauded.
白三河这名学生是真的牛，他在落后陨星和兽人六名学生很多时间的情况下，硬是凭借深厚的培植天赋和知识累积，在迷宫中大量刷题，超过猴小岩整整十分抢到了亚军。
Bai Sanhe, this student is a real cow, he is a lot of time behind the six students of Meteorite and Orc, but with his profound cultivation talent and knowledge accumulation, he brushed a large number of questions in the maze, surpassing Monkey Xiaoyan and grabbing the runner-up by ten points.
所有人都知道，如果没有那个陨星的小女孩，白三河绝对是本次比试的第一名。
Everyone knows that if it weren't for the little girl of the falling star, Bai Sanhe would definitely be the first place in this competition.
可惜，白三河再怎么努力追赶，他的实力也还没有到达五级，他为了尽量刷分并不被惩罚，五级的题都放过了，四级的题做得也不多。
It's a pity that no matter how hard Bai Sanhe tries to catch up, his strength has not yet reached level five, and he is not punished in order to brush up his score as much as possible, he has let go of the fifth-level questions, and he has not done much of the fourth-level questions.
白三河上台，这位清俊少年气质很沉稳，上台时也没怎么露出沮丧神色，相反，他似乎对第二名这个名次很满意。
Bai Sanhe came to the stage, this handsome young man had a very calm temperament, and he didn't show much frustration when he came to the stage, on the contrary, he seemed to be very satisfied with the second place.
“最后，让我荣幸地宣布，”布鲁校长故意在这里停顿了一下，才提高声音宣布道：“恭喜陨星魔法学校，小叶子同学夺得本届培植比试的第一名！”
"Finally, let me have the honor to announce," Principal Blue deliberately paused here before raising his voice and announcing, "Congratulations to the Falling Star Magic School, Xiao Yezi won the first place in this year's cultivation competition!" ”
这次，欢呼和尖叫声更甚！ This time, the cheers and screams were even louder!
就连双月魔法学校的学生也有不少人在鼓掌。 Even the students of the Double Moon School of Magic were applauding.
当各校培植大佬带头起立鼓掌后，掌声越来越大，最终全场起立。
When the training bosses of each school took the lead in standing ovation, the applause became louder and louder, and finally the audience stood up.
这大概是一名学生在学生生涯中最高光的时刻，也怪不得大家都这么拼命想要抢夺第一。
This is probably the highlight of a student's student career, and it's no wonder that everyone is so desperate to grab the first place.
陨星学校校队全部人员老骄傲了，学生们用力到巴掌都拍红了，更有学生不停吹口哨，大声呼喊小叶子的名字。
All the members of the school team of Meteorite School were proud, the students were so hard that their slaps were red, and some students kept whistling and shouting Xiao Yezi's name.
王小叶在万众瞩目中，在四名陨星护卫的护卫下，走上领奖台。
Wang Xiaoye walked on the podium under the escort of four meteorite guards.
猴小岩和白三河一起对他点头，猴小岩还想拥抱王小叶。
Monkey Xiaoyan and Bai Sanhe nodded to him together, and Monkey Xiaoyan also wanted to hug Wang Xiaoye.
王小叶就跟他抱了一下。 Wang Xiaoye hugged him.
白三河对他伸出手，虽然魔法师不用考虑身高腿长，也能登上最高领奖台，但伸手是白三河的礼貌。
Bai Sanhe stretched out his hand to him, although the magician can reach the top podium without considering his height and long legs, but it is Bai Sanhe's courtesy to reach out.
王小叶没有无视这份好意，借着这只手，一撑一用力，跳到了领奖台上。
Wang Xiaoye did not ignore this kindness, and with this hand, he jumped onto the podium with one support and one force.
白三河对王小叶友好地道：“你很棒，我听同学们说了，你做出了五级的题。”
Bai Sanhe said to Wang Xiaoye in a friendly manner: "You are great, I heard from my classmates, you made a five-level question." ”
“你也很厉害。” "You're great too."
三人商业互吹了一番，彼此都很满意对方的态度。 The three of them blew each other in business, and each was very satisfied with each other's attitude.
王小叶扬起手分别对着陨星魔法学校那边、以及全场观众挥手致意。
Wang Xiaoye raised his hand and waved to the Falling Star Magic School and the audience.
“小叶子！你最棒！”陨星学生们亢奋地大喊，又蹦又跳。
"Little leaf! You're the best! The Meteorite students shouted excitedly, jumping and jumping.
乾副校长暗叹：老覃这次没来，可惜了。他要是知道王小叶拿到了培植第一名，肯定高兴疯了。
Vice Principal Qian sighed secretly: Lao Qin didn't come this time, it's a pity. If he knew that Wang Xiaoye had won the first place in cultivation, he would definitely be crazy with joy.
全场再次响起雷鸣般的掌声，口哨声不断。 The audience once again burst into thunderous applause, and the whistles continued.
陨星这个小女孩的前期表现让不少学校的学生对他感观都很复杂，但他在培植迷宫的实力展示却折服了不少人。
The early performance of the little girl Meteorite made many school students have mixed feelings about him, but his display of strength in cultivating the maze impressed many people.
尤其他做的最后一道题，那可是五级难题，就是让学校培植教授去做，也不一定能在半个多小时的时间内给出完美答案。
Especially the last question he did, which was a level 5 problem, even if he asked the school to train professors to do it, he might not be able to give a perfect answer in more than half an hour.
可这个小女孩却做到了，他还不仅培育出一株变异植物，而是两株！
But this little girl did it, and he didn't just breed one, but two!
你要说他培植能力不够，保证各个学校的培植大佬都能扇你。就小叶子制作培植液时那行云流水熟练无比的架势，以及他对材料的熟悉，还有他做的几乎都是四级培植液这几点来看，他的培植能力就已经在众参赛生之上。
You have to say that his cultivation ability is not enough, and ensure that the cultivation bosses of various schools can slap you. Judging from Xiao Yezi's skillful posture when making cultivation liquid, as well as his familiarity with the materials, and the fact that almost all of the fourth-level cultivation liquids he makes, his cultivation ability is already above all the contestants.
除此之外，更不要说这小女孩还能善用他本身的能力，把培育时间缩减到极致，让一道几乎不可能在半小时内完成的题目在比赛结束前完成了。
In addition, not to mention that this little girl can also make good use of his own ability to reduce the cultivation time to the extreme, so that a problem that is almost impossible to complete in half an hour can be completed before the end of the competition.
“下面，有请颁奖嘉宾商业公会总会长安吉洛鲍曼，给前三名颁发奖杯和奖品！”
"Next, I would like to invite Angelo Bowman, president of the Business Guild, to present trophies and prizes to the top three!"
光幕中安吉洛总会长从高背椅上站起，一步步上前，竟然从光幕中走了出来，走到了舞台上。
In the light curtain, President Angelo stood up from the high-backed chair, stepped forward step by step, and walked out of the light curtain and walked onto the stage.
“恭喜你，小家伙。如果你愿意，欢迎你加入我们商业公会，我觉得你很有商业方面的才华哦。”安吉洛总会长把奖杯放到王叶手上时，对他露出了欣赏的笑容。
"Congratulations, little one. If you wish, you are welcome to join our Business Guild, I think you are very talented in business. When President Angelo put the trophy in Wang Ye's hand, he smiled appreciatively.
王小叶只当这是客气话，他就算表现得天才了些，今年也才九岁。这位总会长大人大约也就是客气客气，提前下点小注而已。
Wang Xiaoye only regarded this as a kind word, even if he behaved as a genius, he was only nine years old this year. The president is about to be polite and make a small bet in advance.
“谢谢。加入贵公会有什么实际好处吗？比如内部买东西打对折什么的？”
"Thank you. Are there any practical benefits to joining your guild? For example, buy things in-house and get a discount or something? ”
“哎？”安吉洛总会长完全没想到小姑娘会来这么一句，愣住。
"Huh?" President Angelo didn't expect the little girl to say such a sentence at all, and she was stunned.
“您可以先想一想，我后面还有两场比赛和一场挑战赛，您不如全部看完以后，再考虑要不要招揽我，以及能给出什么优厚条件。”王叶冲着这位总会长大人咧嘴一笑。
"You can think about it first, I have two more games and a challenge tournament ahead, you might as well watch them all and then think about whether to recruit me and what favorable conditions you can give." Wang Ye grinned at the elder.
可惜他的妆容太黑暗，这本来应该阳光的笑容也被他笑得阴森无比。
It's a pity that his makeup is too dark, and this smile that should be sunny is also made by him to smile gloomily.
安吉洛总会长嘴角似乎动了动，像是在忍笑，又像是想说：你也太看得起自己了吧。
不过……还有两场比赛？另有一场挑战赛？
这小姑娘这么猛的吗？ Is this little girl so fierce?
“好，我会好好看着。”安吉洛总会长深深看了眼王小叶，就闪身消失了。
"Okay, I'll take a good look." President Angelo took a deep look at Wang Xiaoye, and then disappeared.
王叶和白三河、猴小岩互看，一起高高举起自己的奖杯。
Wang Ye, Bai Sanhe, and Monkey Xiaoyan looked at each other and held their trophies high together.
现场爆发出炸耳的欢呼。 The scene erupted in ear-bursting cheers.
王叶抱着奖杯从舞台上下来，才发现奖杯里竟然还有一个储物手镯，里面装了培植比试第一名的奖励。
Wang Ye came down from the stage with the trophy in his arms, only to find that there was a storage bracelet in the trophy, which contained the reward for the first place in the cultivation competition.
一百份五级培植材料，和十枚五级魔晶。 One hundred fifth-level cultivation materials, and ten fifth-level magic crystals.
拿到后者，王小叶顿时有点晕乎乎的，他从来没有这么富有过！
After getting the latter, Wang Xiaoye was suddenly a little dizzy, he had never been so rich!
这可是五级魔晶，竟然有十枚！ This is a fifth-level magic crystal, and there are ten of them!
换算成金币是多少来着？ How much does it cost to convert to gold?
换算成华夏币又是多少？ How much is it converted into Huaxia coins?
当然，不管是现在还是未来，没有人会用五级魔晶去换金币，更没有玩家会拿中高级魔晶去兑换现实货币。
Of course, no one will exchange a fifth-level magic crystal for gold coins, and no player will exchange a mid-to-high-level magic crystal for real currency.
就算兑换，实际价值也会暴跌。 Even if it is exchanged, the actual value will plummet.
所以玩家一般只会用普通货币兑换现实货币，但也不可能兑换到太多。虚拟货币和现实货币的兑换一向都被各国经济局盯得很紧。
Therefore, players will generally only exchange regular currency for real currency, but it is also impossible to exchange too much. The exchange of virtual currency and real currency has always been closely watched by the economic bureaus of various countries.
颁奖过后，现场气氛就变得有些松散。 After the awards, the atmosphere became a little loose.
布鲁校长再次出现在光幕中，他只略微抬了抬手。 Headmaster Blue reappeared in the light curtain, and he only raised his hand slightly.
现场的纷乱声就逐渐消失，大家的注意力又重新回到光幕上。
The chaos at the scene gradually disappeared, and everyone's attention returned to the light curtain.
“下面，我们将进行下一轮比赛的类别抽签。有请佣兵公会总会长古永镇大人！”
"Below, we will proceed to the category draw for the next round of the competition. Please invite the President of the Mercenary Guild, Lord Koyongzhen! ”
古总会长皮肤棕黑，身高超过五米，竟然是一名巨人。 President Gu has brown skin and is more than five meters tall, and he is actually a giant.
巨人族超凡者学校的师生看到这位出现，全都起身对他行礼。
When the teachers and students of the Giant Clan's Transcendent School saw this appear, they all stood up and saluted him.
古总会长站在光幕中对众人点点头，伸手进半透明箱子中，抽出了一个小球。
Standing in the light curtain, President Gu nodded to everyone, reached into the translucent box, and pulled out a small ball.
小球碎开，飘出一行字：魔食！ The ball shattered, and a line of words floated out: Demon Food!
王小叶看到第二场比试是魔食比赛，还跟雷木咬耳朵：“其实要我自己报名的话，我就想报名魔食和魔乐。要么我等第一名出来，挑战他们，把他们的奖励都给抢过来？奖励真丰厚啊，早知我就多报几个了。”
Wang Xiaoye saw that the second competition was a magic food competition, and bit his ear with Lei Mu: "Actually, if I want to sign up myself, I want to sign up for magic food and magic music." Or I'll wait for the first place to come out, challenge them, and grab all their rewards? The reward is so generous, I would have reported a few more if I knew it. ”
王叶乐滋滋。 Wang Ye is happy.
雷木揉揉王小叶的脑袋：“明年报吧。别挑战了，给别人留点活路。”
Lei Mu rubbed Wang Xiaoye's head: "Let's report tomorrow." Stop the challenge and leave someone else alive. ”
“好吧。”王叶也就是说说，并不会真的干这么打眼的事。
"Okay." In other words, Wang Ye would not really do such an eye-catching thing.
魔食比赛要到下午才会进行，中午有将近三个小时的休息时间。
The Devil Food competition doesn't take place until the afternoon, with a nearly three-hour break at noon.
王叶伸了个懒腰，正要问雷木中午想吃什么，就见乾副校长忽然快步朝他走来。
Wang Ye stretched his waist and was about to ask Lei Mu what he wanted to eat at noon, when he saw Vice Principal Qian suddenly walking towards him quickly.
人还没走到，就催促他：“快快快，赶紧跟我们回去休息，别在这儿耽误。”
Before the person arrived, he urged him: "Hurry up, hurry up and go back with us to rest, don't delay here." ”
王叶：？ Wang Ye: ?
雷木拉起小叶子，看到了已经向这边走来的几位大佬。 Lei Mu pulled up the small leaf and saw a few big guys who had already walked this way.
那几位大佬貌似是想和陨星的大佬们进行交流，但真实目的……只看他们都是培植系的大佬，就知道他们“来意不善”。
Those bigwigs seem to want to communicate with the bigwigs of the falling star, but the real purpose is ...... Just by looking at the fact that they are all bigwigs of the cultivation department, you know that they "come with bad intentions".
双月那位培植大佬竟然还无耻地借用了闻笛的名头，对王小叶招呼道：“小叶子，中午要不要去参观一下我们双月的食堂？你闻笛师父也在哦。”
Shuangyue's cultivation boss shamelessly borrowed the name of Wendi, and greeted Wang Xiaoye: "Xiaoyezi, do you want to visit our Shuangyue canteen at noon?" You Wen Di Master is also there. ”
一名黑袍人一个跨步挡住了这些培植大佬。 A black-robed man strode to block these cultivation bosses.
乾副校长直接拿出一面短距离传送魔镜，催促所有学生赶紧进去。
Vice Principal Qian directly took out a short-distance teleportation magic mirror and urged all the students to hurry in.
眼看王小叶就这么跑了，那几位大佬脸上的笑容就直接变成了讥讽，和乾副校长斗了几句嘴，才把人放过。
Seeing that Wang Xiaoye ran away like this, the smiles on the faces of those bigwigs directly turned into ridicule, and they quarreled with Vice Principal Qian for a few words before letting them go.
穿着黑袍的虫老经过乾副校长跟前，低低道：“这还只是第一场，等后面那小子比了卷轴和驭虫，你再看。”
The old worm in a black robe passed by Vice Principal Qian, and said in a low voice: "This is only the first game, wait for the kid in the back to compare the scroll and the worm, you can see." ”
兰道也低声说了一句：“小心长生会和那位大帝。他们可喜欢天才了，尤其是超级天才。”
Lan Dao also whispered, "Be careful of the Immortal Society and that Great Emperor. They love geniuses, especially super geniuses. ”
乾副校长额头冷汗留下，不禁第N次向他们那个喜欢到处乱跑、爱做甩手掌柜的混蛋校长发出了催促魔信：给我快来，赶紧的！老子撑不住了！
Cold sweat left on the forehead of Vice Principal Qian, and he couldn't help but send a reminder to their bastard principal who likes to run around and like to be a hands-off shopkeeper for the Nth time: Come on to me, hurry up! Lao Tzu can't hold on!
虫老和兰道教授也是有苦说不出，他们之前让王小叶参加大比，从没有要求他能拿到第一名，想让他意思意思混到前三就可以，为的就是那个进入特殊秘境的资格。
Worm Lao and Professor Landau also couldn't say it, they had asked Wang Xiaoye to participate in the big competition before, and they never asked him to get the first place, and they wanted him to mix in the top three, just for the qualification to enter the special secret realm.
这也是他们作为师长的苦心，总想要把最好的学习条件给自己的宝贝弟子。
This is also their painstaking work as teachers, who always want to give the best learning conditions to their precious disciples.
可谁想王小叶竟然这么争气，不但第一场培植比试就取得第一名，还用了那么出风头的方式。
But who would have thought that Wang Xiaoye would be so competitive, not only won the first place in the first cultivation competition, but also used such a showy way.
只小叶子在培植比试中暴露出来的治疗和植物催生能力，以及最后的魔法阵天赋，就已经不得了。
The healing and plant growth abilities that Xiao Ye exposed in the cultivation competition, as well as the final magic array talent, were already incredible.
如果他再在后面展现他在卷轴和召唤系上的天赋，还有炼药……
If he shows his talent in scrolls and summoning systems later, there is also alchemy......
唉，弟子不天才，做师父的难受。但弟子太天才吧，做师父的同样难受。
Alas, the disciple is not a genius, and it is uncomfortable to be a master. But the disciple is too genius, and the master is also uncomfortable.
这大约就是痛并快乐的感觉？ Is this about the feeling of pain and pleasure?
下午，魔食比试同样三个小时。 In the afternoon, the Devil Food Contest was also three hours.
王叶从中午开始就在琢磨如何把自己的虫巢空间和雷木的精灵空间连接到一起的事。
Wang Ye had been pondering how to connect his hive space with Lei Mu's spirit space since noon.
下午的比赛他就没怎么用心看，倒是几小和疯药王他们在虫巢空间看得很欢乐。
He didn't pay much attention to the afternoon game, but he watched it happily with the Mad Medicine King in the hive space.
到了晚上，王叶已经有了大致的头绪。 By night, Wang Ye already had a general idea.
“木木，你介不介意我融合你的精灵空间？” "Mu Mu, do you mind if I merge with your elven space?"
雷木闻言，半点不打顿地说：“不介意，你随时融合都可以。”
When Lei Mu heard this, he said without pause: "Don't mind, you can fuse at any time." ”
王叶哪怕知道雷木会同意，听到他这么说，心里还是特别舒服，跟大冬天喝了一碗热乎乎的酸辣汤一样。
Even if Wang Ye knew that Lei Mu would agree, hearing him say this, his heart was still very comfortable, just like drinking a bowl of hot and sour soup in the winter.
“你放心，我融合你的空间，并不会让你的空间和某些特性消失，而是让我们彼此的空间建立起通道，相当于是让精灵空间成为虫巢空间的一个分站。融合的最主要目的，是让你的精灵空间里面可以存留活物。不过坏处是，精灵空间以后再也不是独立空间，而是会受我控制。好处是，以后你的精灵空间再也不用担心被别人抢走，除了我。”
"Don't worry, my fusion of your space will not make your space and some characteristics disappear, but let us establish a channel for each other's space, which is equivalent to making the elf space a substation of the hive space. The main purpose of fusion is to keep living creatures in your elven space. But the downside is that the elf space will no longer be an independent space in the future, but will be controlled by me. The good thing is that in the future, you will no longer have to worry about being snatched away by others, except for me. ”
“我相信你，你不用跟我解释那么多。”雷木莞尔，揉揉王叶的脑袋，“不过你要现在进行吗？时间来得及吗？”
“来得及。我不用升级虫巢，只是和你的精灵空间融合，一个晚上就够了。这样以后我升级虫巢，也能把你的精灵空间一起升级。”
"Just in time. I don't need to upgrade the hive, I just fuse with your elven space, and one night is enough. In this way, if I upgrade the hive in the future, I can also upgrade your elf space together. ”
第203章 召唤系比试 Chapter 203: Summoning System Competition
次日上午，抽出来的比试内容是魔画。 The next morning, the content of the contest was a magic painting.
王叶以为魔画比试会很无聊，比如就一堆人在那里画画，等真看到比赛内容，才发现自己真的小瞧了魔画系。
Wang Ye thought that the magic painting competition would be boring, for example, a bunch of people were painting there, and when he really saw the content of the competition, he realized that he really underestimated the magic painting department.
虽说魔画系目前的参赛者还不至于做到随手画画就成真实的地步，但他们可以利用魔画来作战。
Although the current contestants of the Magic Painting Department are not yet able to draw as a real thing, they can use the Magic Painting to fight.
而且吸取了昨天两场比试的教训，这场比试的参赛者明显思路活络了很多，他们一进游戏就先组队，然后想尽办法收集绘画工具、画纸、颜料以及制作颜料的材料。
And learned the lessons of yesterday's two competitions, the contestants in this competition obviously have a lot of ideas, they first form teams as soon as they enter the game, and then try their best to collect painting tools, drawing paper, paint, and materials to make paint.
比试要求参赛者从山下一路登上山顶城堡，让住在城堡中的公主能展颜欢笑。
The contestants were asked to climb all the way down the hill to the castle at the top of the hill, so that the princess who lived in the castle could smile and smile.
而登山一路会遇到各种困难，包括魔兽和怪物袭击等等。
And there will be various difficulties along the way to the mountain, including Warcraft and monster attacks, etc.
这些都需要参赛者用魔画解决。 These need to be solved by the contestants with magic paintings.
组成队伍的参赛者就一部分人分出来抵抗敌袭，一部分则拼命画画。
Some of the contestants who formed the team were divided into groups to resist the enemy attack, and some of them were desperately drawing.
袭击他们的怪物和魔兽等又会掉落相关材料，逼着这些参赛者不能避开战斗，只能正面迎上，甚至主动挑衅。
The monsters and monsters that attack them will drop related materials, forcing these contestants to avoid the battle, but can only meet them head-on, or even take the initiative to provoke.
发展到后来，因为颜料等材料不够，还有参赛者队伍之间的偷袭攻防战。
Later, because of the lack of pigments and other materials, there were sneak attacks and defensive battles between the contestants' teams.
到达城堡大门后，参赛者们又花样百出，有通过魔画偷偷溜进去的，也有用魔画贿赂（魅惑）看门守卫的，还有强攻的，可谓花样百出，十分有看头。
After arriving at the gate of the castle, the contestants are full of tricks, some sneak in through the magic painting, some use the magic painting to bribe (charm) the gatekeeper, and some attack, which can be described as full of tricks and very interesting.
而那位公主的要求也十分奇葩，参赛者们为了让那位公主展开笑容，那是绞尽脑汁，奇招迭出。
And the princess's request is also very strange, and the contestants rack their brains and come up with strange tricks in order to make the princess smile.
整个魔画比试不但不沉闷，反而乐趣非常，看得众人笑声阵阵。
The whole magic painting competition is not only not boring, but very fun, and everyone laughs.
王叶也看得大感大有收获，很多参赛者制作魔画和使用魔画的过程以及方法给了他很多启发。
Wang Ye also felt very rewarded, and many contestants gave him a lot of inspiration in the process and methods of making and using magic paintings.
下午，召唤系被抽出来了。 In the afternoon, the summoning system was drawn.
“你又要上了。”雷木看向已经女装完整的小叶子。 "You're going to be on again." Lei Mu looked at Xiao Ye, who was already in women's clothes.
小叶子今天的女装看起来更加毫无破绽呢。 Xiao Yezi's women's clothing today looks even more flawless.
王叶正在抽空看地球那边的游戏论坛，昨天中午和昨天晚上，游戏就把每场比试的精彩片段剪辑到一起，弄成每场二十五分钟左右的短片。
Wang Ye was taking the time to watch the game forum on the other side of the earth, and yesterday noon and last night, the game edited the highlights of each competition together and made each game into a short film of about 25 minutes.
讲真话，不考虑头一场那个小姑娘就是自己的话，这两部短片都的质量都已经不亚于超级奇幻大片，从头看到尾都没有尿点。
To tell the truth, regardless of the fact that the little girl in the first scene is herself, the quality of these two short films is no less than that of a super fantasy blockbuster, and there is no pee point from beginning to end.
地球观众们的反应也非常好，都说像是不花钱就看了两部大片，还是连续剧。
The response of the audience on Earth was also very good, and they all said that it was like watching two blockbusters without spending money, or a serial.
王叶重点关注有没有人认出他的身份，他扫过一连串评论，虽然提到哥特妆小女孩的不少，但没有人怀疑他是玩家，更没有人怀疑他就是隔壁小王。
Wang Ye focused on whether anyone recognized his identity, and he swept through a series of comments, although there were many mentions of little girls with gothic makeup, no one suspected that he was a player, and no one suspected that he was the little Wang next door.
很好，王叶彻底安心。 Very good, Wang Ye is completely relieved.
安心的王叶再看这两部片子，就发现片子中有很多文字注释和旁白。
Wang Ye, who was relieved, watched these two films again, and found that there were many text notes and narrations in the films.
王叶细细一品味，这资料片还真的是资料片，这哪里是在宣传大比和游戏背景，这压根就是解释魔法和异术相关知识和应用的片子。
Wang Ye savored it, this expansion is really an expansion film, where is this promoting Dabi and the background of the game, this is simply a film that explains the knowledge and application of magic and magic.
游戏这盘棋下得很大啊。 It's a big game.
王叶回忆上辈子看过的游戏资料片，游戏推出的第二部 资料片就是精灵族地被智慧寄生虫族攻占的场景。
Wang Ye recalled the game expansion he had seen in his previous life, and the second expansion film launched by the game was the scene where the elven land was captured by the intelligent parasitic zerg.
只是那时候的玩家都把这部资料片当做游戏补充游戏背景的历史片来看，并没有想多少。
It's just that players at that time regarded this expansion as a historical film that supplemented the game's background, and didn't think much about it.
王叶也只是因为要刷精灵族地的副本，才把这部资料片找来看了一遍。
Wang Ye only looked for this expansion because he wanted to brush up on the copy of the elf clan.
不过这部资料片他看得比较仔细，很多重要细节都还记得。
忽然，王叶回忆起一个场景，当场愣住。
“小叶子？到你上场了！”雷木推了推他。
王叶猛然醒神，“啊，好的，我知道了。”
王叶站起来，手掌与雷木交握的瞬间，就把虫巢空间中除了浮游光虫群以外的有意识者全都转移到了雷木的精灵空间中。
疯药王和金宝他们在昨晚就知道王叶把雷木的空间和虫巢空间融合的事，只是除了金宝，其他存在都不知道雷木拥有的是传说中的精灵空间。
金宝进入雷木的精灵空间最为自在，其他存在也没有什么不适。
疯药王进入雷木的空间，还说了两句风凉话，什么王小叶明显就是用自己的虫巢吞噬了雷木的空间，只是在雷木体内留了个出入口。
可雷木压根就不在乎。
疯药王也不是真心要挑拨，他就是不爽王小叶老不把他放在心上这点。
雷木：“小叶子要是真没有把您放在心上，您怎么可能这么快就从二级亡灵变成四级亡灵？就小叶子那种小气守财的性子，还能给您买礼物，显然是心里想着您的。您再看他跟靳炼金王定的是什么契约，和您定的又是什么契约？”
疯药王：“……”
雷木看着走上舞台的王小叶，眼中带着笑意说：“小叶子就是刀子嘴豆腐心，你们的初相识并不算愉快，小叶子又是个自私小气记仇只对自己人好的。”
疯药王：你可真是了解他。
雷木：“您又是给他下毒、又是偷他的精神力，说话也不好听，他一开始当然不可能对您掏心置腹。可大家相处到现在，他实实在在从您身上学到了不少炼药知识，也愿意回馈您，只是放不下面子而已。您不也一样？”
疯药王觉得雷木真的太会说话了，但细想，雷木说的话也没有一句夸张，都是事实。
疯药王嘀嘀咕咕。
靳蜘蛛听得浑身不舒坦，堂堂疯药王说的话全都透着一股浓浓的酸气。就差没跳脚直说只有他才有资格当王小叶的药学师父，其他人都得靠边站。
雷木听了只笑，不做任何回应，这时他的注意力已经全在光幕上。
金宝羡慕地瞅着光幕：“爸叽~，皮卡叽~”
他也好想跟小光它们一样，跟着小叶子爸爸去浪啊。
小云把金宝抓起来，放到自己肩膀上。
金宝蹭了蹭小云：“皮卡叽！”真拿你没办法，那我就勉为其难地留下来陪你吧~。
现场观众虽然有不少人都知道陨星有个小孩一口气报了三门大比项目，但还有更多人不知道这点。
为此，当看到那个眼熟的画着黑暗系妆容的小女孩竟然再次上台，走进传送门时，好多人都露出了惊讶表情，更有不少人议论开来。
此时，在别人都看不到的特殊贵宾室内，就有人在笑：“这小丫头还真的参加了第二场比试。”
“明明是小男孩，叫什么小丫头。”魔法公会总会长板着脸道。
王小叶的伪装也就是表面工夫，他经过那扇比试专用幻境传送门时，不少个人信息都暴露在众位总裁判和裁判眼睛中，包括他的真实性别。
“小男孩偏做女孩打扮，还把自己的脸画成那个样子，也是古怪。”炼金公会总会长摇摇头，明显有点看不惯。
“如果不是对自我性别认知有问题，那就是为了伪装。”武师公会总会长一口道破。
“这小孩有点意思，我以为他走的是培植系，辅修魔法阵。没想到他还是召唤系。”商业公会总会长说道。
药师公会总会长翘起腿道：“小孩精神力很强大。”
“他的灵魂和身体确定没问题吗？”
“没有。”炼金公会总会长虽然看男扮女装的小孩有点不顺眼，却也很公正很肯定地说：“他过的时候，不但传送门在盯着，我也在盯着，反复确认过，他的灵魂和身体都是原装货，没有任何偏差，骨龄也对。”
“这世上总有些超级天才，想当年……”药师公会总会长没说下去。
这间贵宾室的众位大佬却像是知道他说的是谁，但没有一个人接话。
“再看看吧，不急。”佣兵公会古总会长沉稳道。
召唤系比试现场。
王叶就觉得眼睛一花，他和众多参赛者已经出现在一个大型操场上。
这次召唤系比试，参加的人非常多，足足有一百零五所学校参加，正好整三百名参赛者。
王叶看到了兽人、巨人、鸟人、虫人、海族、地底人族，还有混血精灵，几乎各族都有人参加这场比试。
王叶第一次知道原来巨人也有召唤系天赋，就是不知道巨人会召唤来什么。
各校参赛者以学校为单位，形成了一个个小集体。
陨星和兽人学校的学生很自然地走到一起。
再看周围，操场四周能看到一些建筑物，军事风很浓厚。
后方的建筑物全都依山而建，山脉不算高，但看起来很陡峭。
而正前方则是堡垒型建筑，建成了城墙。
怎么看，这都是一个实打实的军事基地。
王叶正在判断环境，和这次比试会采取什么样的方式，就听到了整齐的脚步声。
嚓！嚓！嚓！
一队上百人的士兵列着整齐的队伍出现。
走在最前面的是一名身材高大的兽人将领。
但士兵并不是兽人，而是人类。
兽人将领一挥手，他身后的士兵忽然散开，把所有参赛者都圈了起来。
有些参赛者还模仿第一场的王小叶，迫不及待地去周边探寻。
这些人全都被士兵揪了回来，扔进了包围圈中。
“都给我老实点！再敢乱跑全都关起来！”炸雷一般的吼声响起。
所有参赛者全都看向那位兽人将领。
兽人将领寒着脸，一脸不耐烦地道：“老子刚接到通知，要来一群小崽子，看来就是你们了。给我竖起耳朵听好了！”
兽人将领瞪着众参赛者：“听说你们是各大超凡者学校召唤系的精英，你们被送来这里的原因是为了让你们彼此决出名次。原本老子应该让你们彼此打一架，让兄弟们都来瞧瞧热闹也松散松散，顺便看看各大超凡者学校的精英都是什么样。”
众参赛者：求别看。
兽人将领嘴角勾起不屑的冷笑：“不过这段时间战场情况紧急，活尸魔兽和活死人越来越多，我的士兵们根本没有时间来看你们表演！老子也没时间陪你们过家家！”
有人忍不住，小声哔哔：“那这场比试要怎么比？”
兽人将领耳朵显然很灵，他冲着声音发出的方向一瞪眼，吼：“老子让你们说话了吗？要是你们是我的手下，现在敢插嘴的直接拖出来打军棍！”
哔哔的参赛者立刻闭嘴，假装自己什么都没说。
兽人将领冷笑：“放心，我既然接到命令，就一定会完成任务。谁说比试就一定要互相斗？”
兽人将领侧身，手中长枪唰地一指西方：“你们站在这儿看不到，但就距离这片营地大约六十里的地方，正有无数活尸在集结，它们想要冲击就在我们身后的青石城。”
“青石山脉是青石城唯一的天险。如果这条防线崩溃，我们身后的青石城，包括青石城附近的上百村庄和几十个小镇，将会毁于一夕！而青石城后面就是万里平原，再也无险可守！到时不管我们派出多强大的兵力，都没办法再阻挡那些活尸。”
兽人将领收回长枪，用力往地面一剁：“所以你们今天的比试方式就是杀活尸！”
“三个小时，你们只准使用你们的召唤系能力，尽可能地杀死活尸。每杀死一只活尸，根据其级别和难度，会给你们算分。”
“注意！在比试过程中不准使用任何药剂、魔器、卷轴、魔法阵等辅助，也不准组队，所有人必须独立作战！违规者根据违规情况扣分，违规严重者直接取消比试资格。”
“都听懂了吗？大声回答我！”
“都听懂了！”众参赛者参差不齐地喊道。
兽人将领很不满意，但他懒得调教这些不是他的兵的学生，正要喊出发。
有人举手：“将领大人，我有疑问。”
那是一名双月学生。
“说！”
双月参赛者镇定地问：“三个小时接连不断的战斗，不说体力和精神力能否维持，我们也必须考虑到会有受伤的情况出现。如果我们不能使用任何辅助，那么我们受伤了怎么办？我们也不是所有人都会治疗术和恢复术。”
兽人将领指了指那名双月学生，别人以为他要发怒，结果这位将领却夸奖道：“很好，胆大心细，提的问题还算有点样子。”
那名双月参赛者的头顶分数从零分变成了1分，同伴告诉他以后，他暗中握拳，他赌对了。
兽人将领环视众考生，见他们不少人都露出羡慕和懊悔神色，脸一拉，张嘴就喷：“你们这群白痴！这里是战场，你们来到这里，老子就是你们的指挥官。难不成你们以为老子会送你们去送死？好好了解一下战场吧！你们这些蠢货。你们学校平时都完全不跟你们讲解战场常识吗？就你们这些蠢货菜鸟还叫精英，还敢就这么送来战场？妈的，这是给老子找麻烦的吧？”
学生们都被骂懵了。
兽人将领冷着脸道：“听好！老子只说一遍。所有战士在上阵杀敌时，都会有魔法师或者治疗师或者药师在一边辅助。如果你们在杀敌时受伤或脱力，当你周边的治疗者不能及时帮你治疗时，你需要自己跑到治疗者身边。”
“同时，这些珍贵的治疗者数量有限，你们的任务除了杀敌，更要保护这些治疗者，如果他们受重伤乃至死亡，数量变少，倒霉的也是你们自己！”
“如果找不到治疗者，就去找治疗包。当战情危险时，营地会酌情向你们投掷治疗包，这种治疗包捡起来就是你们的，里面的东西也都可以使用。”
"If you can't find a healer, go find a treatment kit. When the battle situation is dangerous, the camp will throw healing kits at you, as appropriate, and the healing kits will be yours when you pick them up, and the contents can be used. ”
“现在你们这些战场菜鸟还有什么不明白的？” "What else do you battlefield rookies not understand now?"
众参赛者全都摇头，有问题的也不敢提了。 All the contestants shook their heads, and they didn't dare to mention any questions.
“好。”兽人将领用力一挥手：“那就出发！都给我去杀活尸！”
"Okay." The orc general waved his hand vigorously: "Then let's go!" Give me the killing of the living corpses! ”
“嗷！”众参赛者都是年轻人，二十岁以下的少年不少，一听要杀活尸，有人心中害怕，但大多数人还是跃跃欲试，十分兴奋。
"Whew!" All the contestants were young people, many of them under the age of 20, and some were scared when they heard that they were going to kill a living corpse, but most of them were still eager to try it and were very excited.
兽人将领脸上又露出了讽刺和不屑的笑，他像是在等着这些各校精英被吓得屁滚尿流的场景。
包括那些士兵也露出了看好戏的神情。 Even those soldiers also showed a look of watching the show.
第204章 组队、惩罚、战斗 Chapter 204: Teaming, Punishing, Fighting
刚走出军事堡垒，王叶就闻到了一股混杂着血腥味的浓重腐臭味。
有参赛生不小心深呼吸了一口，当即就露出恶心想吐的神情。
Some of the contestants accidentally took a deep breath and immediately showed a nauseous look and wanted to vomit.
还有好几个参赛者下意识捂住了鼻子。 There were also several contestants who subconsciously covered their noses.
其他参赛者不是不想捂，而是硬忍着。 The other contestants didn't want to cover it, but endured it.
捂住鼻子的，有的不好意思放开了手，有的还是捂着，甚至屏住了呼吸。
Some of them covered their noses, some of them were embarrassed to let go of their hands, and some of them still covered them, or even held their breath.
这种事无关好坏对错，就是各人习惯而已。 This kind of thing has nothing to do with good or bad, right or wrong, it's just everyone's habit.
有的能接受，有的就是不能接受。 Some are acceptable, some are unacceptable.
不能接受的只能通过训练来慢慢习惯。 What is unacceptable can only be slowly used to through training.
兽人将领将所有参赛生的动作和神情都看在眼里，却什么都没有说，他甚至没有放嘲讽，倒是有不少学生被他看得不好意思，讪讪地放下手，小心地呼吸着。
The orc general watched the movements and expressions of all the participating students, but he didn't say anything, he didn't even make mockery, but many students were embarrassed by him, put down their hands in disdain, and breathed carefully.
“不止你们不习惯，老子刚上战场那会儿也不习惯这味儿。不是有句话叫挑粪的闻不到粪臭吗，等你们多待上一段时间，鼻子习惯了就好。”
"Not only are you not used to it, but Lao Tzu was not used to this smell when he first went to the battlefield. Isn't there a saying that those who pick up feces can't smell feces, and when you stay for a while, your nose will get used to it. ”
“今天你们运气还算好的，昨天我们刚打过一场，地上全都是尸体和尸体的一部分，肠子、胃、脑浆、大腿……丢得到处都是。这不，早上刚打扫完，你们就来了。”
"You're lucky today, we just had a fight yesterday, and the ground is full of corpses and parts of corpses, intestines, stomachs, brains, thighs...... Lost everywhere. No, just after cleaning in the morning, you guys came. ”
兽人将领一副早知你们来，我们就不打扫的惋惜神情。 The orc generals looked sorry that we didn't clean up if we knew you were coming.
众参赛生：这个指挥官有毒！ Students: This Commander is poisonous!
“行了，现在全体都有！跑步前行！走！” "Alright, now all of them! Run ahead! Walk! ”
兽人将领跑在最前面。 The orcs will lead the way.
学生们互看，只能拔腿跟上，有的身体比较弱，就直接使用了魔法。
The students looked at each other, and they could only pull their legs to keep up, and some of them were relatively weak, so they directly used magic.
战兽学院的学生这时候就把自己的战兽召唤出来，骑在战兽身上奔跑，顿时和其他参赛者拉开距离，有的还飞到天空，看起来特别威风。
At this time, the students of the War Beast Academy summoned their war beasts, rode on the war beasts and ran, and immediately distanced themselves from the other contestants, and some even flew into the sky, looking particularly majestic.
其他学生也不甘示弱，好多都召唤出了自己的宝宝。 Not to be outdone, many of the other students summoned their babies.
兽人将领看见，仍旧什么都没说。 The orc generals saw it, but still didn't say anything.
跑了一阵子，前方出现了一条很深的壕沟，壕沟里面全是黑色的水。
After running for a while, a deep trench appeared in front of him, and the trench was full of black water.
“这是毒沟，小心点，别掉进去，掉进去，你人差不多会融化一半。”兽人将领在这条沟边做了个简单解说。
"This is a poison ditch, be careful, don't fall into it, if you fall into it, you will almost melt half." The orc general gave a brief explanation on the edge of the ditch.
参赛生们立刻往后退了两步。 The contestants immediately took two steps back.
兽人将领手一挥，一张宽大的板子从天而降，兽人将领踩在这块板子上，跑过壕沟。
With a wave of his hand, the orc general stepped on the board and ran across the trench.
其他学生跟上，能飞行的学生直接飞了过去。 The other students followed, and the students who could fly flew straight over.
过了壕沟就是一片荆棘地带，这些荆棘像是被魔法催生过，长得很高。
Beyond the trench was a field of thorns, which seemed to have been born by magic, and grew very tall.
到了这里，兽人将领停下脚步，神色变得严肃：“过了这道荆棘墙，后面就是无数活尸，我问你们，你们做好杀活尸的准备了吗？”
Arriving here, the orc general stopped, and his expression became serious: "After this thorny wall, there are countless living corpses behind it, let me ask you, are you ready to kill the living corpses?" ”
“准备好了！”有不少学生喊道。 "Ready!" Quite a few students shouted.
兽人将领：“如果有人没准备好，就在这里停下，没有人会嘲笑你。相反，等你进入战场，如果畏战或溃逃，反而会给你的战友带来不必要的心理压力和麻烦。我再问一遍，有谁想要留下？”
Orc General: "If anyone isn't ready, stop here, no one will laugh at you." On the contrary, when you enter the battlefield, if you are afraid of battle or flee, it will bring unnecessary psychological pressure and trouble to your comrades. I ask again, who wants to stay? ”
这次没有一个人开口，不管大家心里怎么想，在没有见到真正的活尸大军前，没有人会在这时候选择退赛——以后在学校不想混了吗？
No one spoke up this time, no matter what everyone thought in their hearts, no one would choose to withdraw at this time until they saw the real army of living corpses - don't you want to mix in school in the future?
兽人将领环视众人一圈，目光在几个年龄一看就偏小的参赛者身上停了停，最后又狠下心移开。
The orc general looked around at the crowd, his gaze paused on a few contestants who were too young at first glance, and finally looked away again.
“既然你们都已经做好决定，那么，去吧！去见识这世间最深切的残酷。”
"Now that you've made your decision, go ahead! To see the deepest cruelty in this world. ”
兽人将领对荆棘墙念了一句咒语，荆棘墙陡然打开一条通道。
The orc general chanted a spell at the Wall of Thorns, and the Wall of Thorns abruptly opened a passage.
“快！不准停留！立刻给我冲过去！超过一分钟还停留在原地的人，视为自动放弃本次比赛资格！”
"Quick! No stops! Rush me at once! Those who stay in place for more than one minute will be deemed to have automatically given up their qualification for this competition! ”
随着兽人将领一声喊，所有参赛生都向那条通道冲去。 With the shouts of the orc general, all the participants rushed towards the passage.
能飞行的，直接飞过了荆棘墙头。 Those who can fly fly directly over the thorn wall.
飞过去的人看到了荆棘墙上竟然如城墙一般，有不少士兵在看守，上面还站了好些个身穿魔法师或药师衣袍的人。
The people who flew past saw that the wall of thorns was like a wall, and there were many soldiers guarding it, and there were several men in the robes of magicians or medicine men standing on it.
王叶却在此时一拉陨星的另外两个学生。 Wang Ye pulled the other two students of the meteorite at this time.
两个学生一愣，但也随之站住脚步，没有冲进人流。 The two students were stunned, but they also stopped and did not rush into the crowd.
兽人学校的三个学生当机立断竟然也停下脚步，走到了三人身边，这就表示了共进退的意思。
The three students of the orc school immediately stopped and walked to the three of them, which expressed the meaning of advancing and retreating together.
王叶见此，干脆对五人说：“我们边走边说。我就想试一下是不是能暗中组队。你们谁愿意冒险同意和我组队，有可能会被扣分。”
Seeing this, Wang Ye simply said to the five people: "Let's talk as we go." I just wanted to see if I could team up secretly. Anyone who is willing to take the risk of agreeing to team up with me may be deducted points. ”
六人一起移动。 Six people move together.
一名兽人学生迟疑：“那位指挥官不是说不准我们组队吗？要我们必须独立作战。”
An orc student hesitated, "Didn't that commander say that we shouldn't be able to form a team?" Yes, we must fight independently. ”
其他四人也是这么疑惑。 The other four were also puzzled.
“所以说暗中啊。”王叶坦言：“你们见过哪个军队不讲究合作，反而要求战士全员独立作战的？也许这次比试就是想让我们感受独立作战的困难，但我就不信这场比试真的是想要看到一群学生在没有指挥、没有配合下，瞎几把乱打一气。”
"So secretly." Wang Ye said frankly: "Have you ever seen an army that does not pay attention to cooperation, but requires all soldiers to fight independently? Maybe this competition is to make us feel the difficulty of fighting independently, but I don't believe that this competition really wants to see a group of students fighting blindly without command and cooperation. ”
“女孩子不要说脏话！”几名学生竟然异口同声说。 "Girls don't swear!" Several students said in unison.
王叶：“……” Wang Ye: "......"
六人中唯一的真女孩梅雨雯翻了个白眼：“男生也不能讲脏话。”
Mei Yuwen, the only real girl among the six, rolled her eyes: "Boys can't swear either." ”
王叶啪地打了个响指：“说正题！我在想这次比试是否也有隐藏考题，比如指挥官是个脑残，临场瞎指挥，并且用惩罚来威胁士兵。那么在此时，士兵是听从指令去送死，还是暗中违抗命令想法打赢并活下来？”
Wang Ye snapped his fingers: "Let's get to the point!" I wonder if there are hidden questions in this competition, such as the commander is a brain-dead, blind command, and threatens soldiers with punishment. So at this point, does the soldier obey the order to send him to death, or secretly disobey the order to win and survive? ”
兽人将领：老子听到了…… Orc General: Lao Tzu hears me......
兽人狮平原一看就是三名兽人少年中的领头人，他眼睛微亮地道：“小叶子说的也很有可能。我们是该试试！”
The orc lion plain looked like the leader of the three orc boys, and his eyes lit up slightly and said, "What Xiao Yezi said is also very likely. It's time for us to try! ”
“那么，你们谁同意和我组队？出一个人就可以。再次声明，有可能会被扣分。”王叶加重语气道。
"So, which of you agreed to team up with me? Out of one person can be. Again, points may be deducted. Wang Ye said in an accentuated tone.
陨星三名参赛生中年纪最大的梅雨雯当仁不让地说：“我来吧，你要和我组队，好，我同意。”
Mei Yuwen, the eldest of the three contestants, said calmly: "I'll come, you want to team up with me, okay, I agree." ”
其他四人都望向两人头顶，就见两人头顶的零分瞬间变成了1和2，小叶子2。
The other four people all looked at the top of the two heads, and saw that the zero points above the heads of the two instantly became 1 and 2, and Xiao Yezi 2.
王叶得知自己被扣了两分后，再次道：“我还想再尝试一次，这次我有组队意愿，但我们不明言组队，只共同进退。有谁愿意尝试一下？”
After Wang Ye learned that he had been deducted two points, he said again: "I want to try again, this time I have the willingness to form a team, but we don't know how to form a team, we only advance and retreat together." Does anyone want to give it a try? ”
兽人狮平原站出来：“这次我们兽人来测试。小叶子你已经被扣两分，就不要再尝试了。”
The orc lion plain stood up: "This time we orcs are here to test. Xiaoyezi, you've already been deducted two points, so don't try again. ”
王叶摇头，“是我提议，当然是我来。好了，别浪费时间，就是你吧。你表面不要同意和我组队，但表示可以和我共进退。”
Wang Ye shook his head, "I proposed, of course I came." Well, don't waste time, it's you. On the surface, you don't agree to team up with me, but you say you can advance and retreat with me. ”
狮平原点头：“好，我不同意组队，但可以考虑共进退。”
Shi Pingyuan nodded: "Okay, I don't agree to form a team, but you can consider advancing and retreating together." ”
五人齐刷刷地看向王叶头顶，就见他的分数变成了4分。
The five of them looked at the top of Wang Ye's head in unison, and saw that his score had become 4 points.
狮平原头顶分数没变。 The top score of the Lion Plains has not changed.
场外，陨星学校的人都急了，这还没开始呢，小叶子就被扣四分了，就算为了试探规则，这也太大胆。
Outside the field, the people in the Meteorite School were in a hurry, and before this started, Xiao Yezi was deducted four points, even if it was to test the rules, this was too bold.
王叶摸摸下巴：“我们再测试最后一次，这次全员一起，你们敢不敢？”
Wang Ye touched his chin: "Let's test it one last time, this time all the staff together, do you dare?" ”
兽人学生们当即就道：“有什么不敢的？” The orc students immediately said, "What's not to dare? ”
陨星两人也表示试就试。 The two meteorites also said that they would try.
王叶把刚才暗中勾连的话再次询问一遍，问他们是否愿意和他共进退，沉默就是同意。
Wang Ye asked again what he had secretly colluded just now, asking them if they were willing to advance and retreat with him, and silence was consent.
五人全都保持了沉默。 All five remained silent.
瞬间，六人一起抬头互看。 In an instant, the six of them looked up at each other together.
“小叶子！”几人发出惊叫。 "Little Leaf!" Several people let out exclamations.
这次王叶又被扣了两分，他现在总计被扣了六分。 This time, Wang Ye was deducted two more points, and he has now been deducted a total of six points.
但其他人分数都没变动。 But no one else's scores changed.
“现在我们试出来了，我大概明白这次比试规则的套路了，很可能走的就是枪打出头鸟和牺牲我一人成全千万人的路线。这就表示，在极端状况下，只要有人肯牺牲自己的利益，组队就不是完全不可能的事。”王叶觉得付出这六分还是值得的。
其他五人对王叶充满感激和愧疚。
王叶摆摆手：“大家合作，对我也有好处。我们等会儿到了战场就守望相助，彼此不要离开太远。另外，麻烦告诉我，你们的召唤系特长。如果你们不介意，就我来安排大家如何打配合。”
Wang Ye waved his hand: "It is also good for me for everyone to cooperate." When we get to the battlefield, we'll help each other and don't go too far from each other. Also, please tell me that your summoning is a specialty. If you don't mind, I'll arrange how everyone cooperates. ”
“好。”狮平原一口答应。 "Okay." Lion Plains agreed.
他同意了，其他两个兽人少年也都没意见。 He agreed, and neither did the other two orc boys.
这种快速战斗最怕的就是有人临场争夺领导权，狮平原既然带着自己的同学和陨星站到一起，又在第一时间没有拿到领导权，就自动退后了一步。
The most feared thing about this kind of quick battle is that someone will fight for leadership on the spot, and since Shi Pingyuan took his classmates and Meteorite to stand together, and did not get the leadership in the first place, he automatically took a step back.
他打算看看这个小叶子的战斗领导能力如何，如果不行，他再接手过来。
He planned to see how well this little leaf's combat leadership was, and if it didn't work, he would take it over again.
狮平原这种退一步的做法不但不会给他减分，如果是真实战场，只会给他加分。
Lion Plains' approach of taking a step back will not only not give him minus points, but if it is a real battlefield, it will only give him extra points.
至于说小叶子年龄还小，又是女孩子？ As for saying that Xiaoye is still young, and she is a girl?
拜托，他们兽人不少部落都还是母系氏族，女性强大得让人腿抖好吗。就他们狮人族，平时小事都是听老婆或老妈的，大事才听大家长的，但在大家长眼中这世上除了睡觉就没有大事……
Please, many of their orc tribes are still matriarchal clans, and women are so powerful that they make their legs tremble, okay? As far as their lion clan is concerned, they usually listen to their wives or mothers for small things, and listen to everyone for big things, but in the eyes of the patriarch, there is no big thing in this world except sleeping......
而小叶子的观察能力、反应能力和临场判断能力，在第一场比试中已经显露不少，再加上她刚才为了大家勇敢的试探规则行为，年龄可不会成为她的硬伤。
And Xiao Yezi's observation, reaction and on-the-spot judgment ability have been revealed a lot in the first competition, coupled with her brave temptation of the rules for everyone just now, age will not become her hard flaw.
六个人就边走边互相介绍了自己的召唤特长。 The six of them introduced their summoning specialties to each other as they walked.
场外观众席。 Off-site auditorium.
兽人学校原本距离陨星队伍还隔了一段距离，这会儿竟然全员挪过来了。
The orc school was originally some distance away from the meteorite team, but now all the staff moved over.
“你们好你们好，我是小叶子的好伙伴，我叫虎飞弓！”
"Hello hello, I'm Xiao Yezi's good partner, my name is Tiger Flying Bow!"
“我叫猴小岩，我也是小叶子的好兄弟。” "My name is Monkey Xiaoyan, and I am also a good brother of Xiaoyezi."
“小叶子的同学就是我的同学，小叶子的兄弟就是我的兄弟，来来来，尝尝我们家乡的土味肉干，好吃的哟~”
"Xiao Yezi's classmates are my classmates, Xiao Yezi's brothers are my brothers, come and come, taste the earthy jerky of our hometown, it's delicious~"
兽人学校的学生和陨星的学生瞬间打成一片。 The students of the orc school and the students of the falling star instantly mingled.
雷木旁边坐了好几个兽人学生，虎飞弓最为热情，一口一个大哥的喊。
There were several orc students sitting next to Lei Mu, and Hu Feigong was the most enthusiastic, shouting one big brother after another.
雷木：为什么我会觉得这小虎崽子是在打我们家小叶子的主意？
Remu: Why do I think this little tiger cub is beating our little leaf's idea?
虎飞弓：大哥，我可以等小叶子长大，我和小叶子生的虎人宝宝一定超级可爱哒~
Tiger Flying Bow: Big brother, I can wait for Xiao Ye to grow up, the tiger baby I gave birth to with Xiao Ye must be super cute~
雷木也就是不知道这小老虎在想什么，否则……他就不会把小叶子做的零食也分享给对方，让这个可怜娃进一步泥足深陷了。
Lei Mu just didn't know what the little tiger was thinking, otherwise...... He wouldn't share the snacks made by Xiao Yezi with the other party, which made the poor baby even more muddy.
“哇，这是小叶子做的魔食？太好吃了，小叶子怎么这么能干？”虎飞弓星星眼，抱着一小袋动物小饼干不肯松手，里面有小老虎，他看见了~！
"Wow, this is the magic food made by Xiao Yezi? It's so delicious, how can Xiao Yezi be so capable? "Tiger Fei bowed star eyes, holding a small bag of animal biscuits and refused to let go, there was a little tiger in it, he saw it~!
兽人学校的校长冲着乾副校长热情地笑：“我们聊聊？”
The headmaster of the orc school smiled warmly at the vice principal: "Let's talk?" ”
乾副校长也回以热情微笑：“欢迎，请坐。” Vice President Qian also smiled warmly: "Welcome, please take a seat." ”
其他学校的大佬们注意到这一幕，不少人眯了眯眼睛。 The bigwigs of other schools noticed this scene, and many of them squinted their eyes.
可恨他们学校怎么就没有一个会笼络人的小叶子！ I hate why their school doesn't have a little leaf who can seduce people!
瞧瞧这学生外交做得多好，都把兽人超凡者学校整个都笼络过去了。知道兽人有多强吗？摔！
Look at how good this student diplomacy is, and it has enveloped the entire orc transcendent school. Do you know how strong orcs are? Stumble!
就是双月的布鲁校长见到这一幕，也略微有了些想法。 Even Principal Blue, who was in the fortnight, saw this scene and had some thoughts.
比试现场，王叶路过兽人将领，冲他特淡定地笑了下。 At the competition site, Wang Ye passed by the orc general and smiled calmly at him.
兽人将领投以死亡凝视：你刚才还说我脑残，小孩，我记住你了。
The orc general stared at death: You just said that I was brain-dead, child, I remember you.
王叶加快速度远离兽人将领。 Wang Ye sped up and moved away from the orc generals.
他这种不安分的小刺头，还是离头头脑脑们远一点吧。 His restless little prickly head should stay away from the heads and brains.
王叶没有按照玩家惯常的远攻、近攻、血牛、治疗、辅助来分配任务，因为这是比试，所有参赛者都需要分数。换言之，他们只需要攻击，没有人会愿意牺牲自己成为辅助和治疗。
Wang Ye did not assign tasks according to the player's usual long-range attack, melee attack, blood cow, healing, and support, because this was a competition, and all participants needed points. In other words, they only need to attack, and no one will be willing to sacrifice themselves to be an aid and healer.
而且召唤系，大多时候都需要主人为召唤来的宝宝加血加状态，也就是主人是为宝宝做辅助的状态。
And the summoning system, most of the time, the owner needs to add blood and state to the summoned baby, that is, the master is in a state of assisting the baby.
王叶为了不让浮游光虫群在这场比试中有大的损伤，他也会把自己放在辅助的角色。这也是他为什么要和其他学生组队的最大原因。
In order to prevent the planktonic light insect swarm from being greatly damaged in this competition, Wang Ye will also put himself in a supporting role. This is the biggest reason why he teamed up with other students.
不过一场比试而已，多损伤一只浮游光虫，他都会心疼！
It's just a competition, and if he damages one more planktonic light insect, he will feel distressed!
比起浮游光虫，他宁可不要独战的风头。 He would rather not be in the limelight alone than a planktonic light worm.
但王叶不知道，他这种“顶风作案”，拉人暗中组队的行为，反而让他更招眼。
But Wang Ye didn't know that his behavior of "committing crimes against the wind" and pulling people to form a team secretly made him more eye-catching.
从荆棘墙出来，众参赛生暂时还没有看到活尸。 Coming out of the thorn wall, the contestants have not seen a living corpse yet.
但随着最后一名学生从通道里跑出来，那条通道就合拢了。
But as the last student ran out of the passage, the passage closed.
兽人将领出现在荆棘墙上，爆喝：“你们还等什么？你们的战斗已经开始了！”
The orc general appeared on the wall of thorns and shouted, "What are you waiting for? Your battle has begun! ”
学生们不是每个都是战斗天才，他们出现了一阵小小的慌乱。他们连敌人都没看到，下面要怎么打？
Not every student was a combat genius, and there was a slight flustery. They didn't even see the enemy, how are they going to fight next?
有的学生下意识就看向了自己学校的领头人。 Some students subconsciously look at the leader of their school.
还有的学生已经拔腿就走，准备单干。 Some students have already pulled their legs and are ready to go it alone.
而不少学生，尤其是同校的，只要关系不是特别差，这时都会自然而然走到一起。但只要有人开口说暗中组队，立马该人的头顶就会出现负分，这扣分惩罚一出，吓得想组队的也不敢组队了。
And many students, especially those from the same school, will naturally come together as long as the relationship is not particularly bad. But as long as someone says that they are secretly teaming up, there will be negative points above the person's head immediately, and as soon as the penalty is deducted, they are so scared that they don't dare to form a team if they want to form a team.
尤其有人看到那个小叶子头顶竟然被扣了六分，都十分吃惊，再看陨星另一个学生也被扣了一分，顿时明白了什么，都以为小叶子提议组队，陨星那个大女孩第一个同意，结果当场被扣分，其他人看到就没敢再同意。
In particular, some people were very surprised to see that Xiao Yezi was deducted six points on the top of his head, and then looked at the meteorite Another student was also deducted one point, and immediately understood something, thinking that Xiao Yezi proposed to form a team, and the big girl of the meteorite was the first to agree, but the score was deducted on the spot, and the others didn't dare to agree when they saw it.
这个误会就这么造成了。也让所有想要组队的人暂时熄了心思。
This misunderstanding was created. It also made everyone who wanted to form a team temporarily put their minds out of their minds.
“我们去找活尸？”狮平原就站在陨星队伍旁边，但他问话的时候，却是面向前方，就好像自言自语一样。
"Shall we go find the living corpses?" Lion Plains was standing next to the Meteorite team, but when he asked, he was facing forward, as if talking to himself.
王叶飞起来观察四周，过了一会儿落下来道：“东边就是我们身后的军事要塞。南边和北边都有山林。只有西边是草原，地势比较开阔。”
Wang Ye flew up to observe the surroundings, and after a while, he fell down and said, "To the east is the military fortress behind us. There are mountains and forests to the south and north. Only the western part is grassland, and the terrain is relatively open. ”
“我们去南边山脚下，那边有一个路口正面临西边过来的草原，我们去占领那个路口。如果我所料没错，这么多活人味，还这么大动静，那些活尸很快就会被吸引过来。但我们人太少，最好不要正面迎敌。”
"Let's go to the foot of the hill to the south, and there's a junction facing the meadow to the west, and we're going to occupy that junction. If I'm right, with so much living smell and such a big movement, those living corpses will soon be attracted to it. But there are too few of us, and it is better not to face the enemy head-on. ”
狮平原等人没有二话，全都加快速度跟上王叶。 Shi Pingyuan and the others didn't say a word, and they all sped up to keep up with Wang Ye.
他们不是第一波行动的，但他们行动时，确实还有很多学生茫然地站在原地，有些不知所措。
They weren't the first to act, but when they did, there were indeed a lot of students who stood there blankly, a little overwhelmed.
有人皱眉看向陨星和兽人队离去的方向，不明白他们这种情况到底是算组队还是算没有组队？
Someone frowned and looked in the direction where the meteorite and the orc team had left, wondering whether they were teaming up or not teaming up in this situation.
最后不知谁喊了一声：“我看到西边草原里有活尸了，大家往那边去。”
Finally, someone shouted: "I see a living corpse in the grassland to the west, everyone go over there." ”
于是，绝大多数学生都呼啦啦地跑向正西面的草原。 As a result, most of the students hula ran towards the grassland due west.
疑惑的人这时也顾不得陨星和兽人队是否已经组队的问题，连忙赶上大部队。
At this time, the doubtful people also didn't care about the question of whether the meteorite and the orc team had already formed a team, and hurriedly caught up with the large army.
场外观众不少人捂脸。 Many people in the audience covered their faces.
小叶子为了队友（大误），不惜牺牲自己试探规则的情景，不少人都看见了。
Xiao Yezi did not hesitate to sacrifice himself to test the rules for the sake of his teammates (big mistake), and many people have seen it.
这让原本对王小叶感观不太好的人，都感动了。觉得这个小女孩是真的黑暗系妆容、光明系的心性，从第一场比试开始就知道帮助队友，大大的好孩子啊！
This moved people who didn't have a good impression of Wang Xiaoye. I think this little girl is really dark makeup, bright heart, from the first game to know to help teammates, a big good boy!
人嘛，就不能有对比。 There can be no comparison.
眼看一个小女孩不惜被扣六分，也要帮助队友，可其他人呢？
Seeing that a little girl does not hesitate to be deducted six points, she also wants to help her teammates, but what about the others?
竟然被扣了一两分就吓得不敢再组队，真是……气死人了！
I was so scared that I didn't dare to form a team anymore after being deducted one or two points, it's really ...... I'm!
而学校的大佬们则不少人摇头，还有人跟学校提议：以后是不是要给学生们增加一些战场的实际体验课程。
Many of the school's bigwigs shook their heads, and some suggested to the school: whether to add some practical battlefield experience courses to students in the future.
看到这么多学生什么准备都没有，就这么傻乎乎地冲去活尸大本营，他们看得都心累！
Seeing so many students rushing to the base camp of the living corpses so stupidly without any preparation, they were tired of seeing it!
这么多活人味和这么大的动静，果然惊醒了藏在草原一人多高草丛中的活尸们。
With so much living smell and such a big movement, it really woke up the living corpses hidden in the grass more than one person tall in the grassland.
“啊——！”不知是谁第一个发出了惨叫。 "Ah——!h I don't know who was the first to scream.
被惊到的学生纷纷召唤出自己的宝宝。 The startled students summoned their babies one after another.
一下子，这片还算安宁的战场突然就变得热闹起来。 All of a sudden, this relatively peaceful battlefield suddenly became lively.
包含鸟兽虫鱼等各种生物的魔兽、各种魔植，以及骷髅、幽灵、元素精灵、祖灵、英魂、卡牌、传说生物，甚至魔族……
Warcraft that contains various creatures such as birds, beasts, insects, and fish, various magic plants, as well as skeletons, ghosts, elemental spirits, ancestral spirits, heroic souls, cards, legendary creatures, and even demons......
还有机械傀儡、纯武器、纯魔器、各种稀奇古怪的器具……
There are also mechanical golems, pure weapons, pure magic weapons, and all kinds of strange tools......
当真是只有你想不到的，就没有这些学生召唤不出来的。
If there is really only something you can't think of, there is no student who can't be summoned.
“这边有活尸！杀啊！”一个学生喊，好多学生冲过去。
"There's a living corpse over here! Kill! One student shouted, and many students rushed over.
“这边也有活尸！哇，我看到好多活尸！” "There are living corpses over here, too! Wow, I see so many living corpses! ”
“草丛里全都是，大家小心……啊啊啊！” "It's all in the grass, everyone be careful...... Ahhh ”
“快散开，不要攻击我啊！” "Disperse, don't attack me!"
“我的脚被抓住了，救命！” "My foot was caught, help!"
不到片刻，这一小片草原就乱成了一团。 In less than a moment, this small grassland was in chaos.
当然，也不是所有学生都乱哄哄的，像是战兽学校的学生全都操纵战兽飞到半空，从空中往下扔魔法。一开始，真给他们杀了不少活尸，得了不少分数。
Of course, not all the students were in a mess, for example, the students of the War Beast School all manipulated the war beasts to fly into the air and throw magic down from the air. At the beginning, I really killed a lot of living corpses for them and got a lot of points.
还有海族学生当机立断集体用水流冲向附近的活尸，企图用大水流把它们冲走。
There were also Sea Tribesman students who immediately decided to collectively rush to the nearby living corpses with a torrent of water, trying to wash them away with a large current.
巨人族召唤出了他们的祖先英灵，这些英灵可以给巨人族提供更多的勇气和力气，并加强他们的防守力量。
The Giants summoned their ancestors, the Immortals, who could give the Giants more courage and strength, as well as strengthen their defenses.
巨人族在战场的战斗力，一旦发挥起来，简直可怕。 The combat effectiveness of the giant clan on the battlefield, once it is brought into play, is simply terrifying.
他们怒吼着，用脚踹翻和踩踏活尸魔兽和活死人。他们皮肤厚，一时半会儿那些活尸也没办法破他们的防。再使用巨大的狼牙棒一棒子挥出去，那活尸都能飞倒一片，很多被狼牙棒扫到的活尸要么再也爬不起来，要么就是断成了好几截。
They roared, kicking and trampling with their feet on the living corpses, monsters, and the living dead. They have thick skin, and for a while those living corpses can't break their defenses. Then use the huge mace to swing it out, and the living corpse can fly down one piece, and many of the living corpses swept by the mace will either never get up again, or will be broken into several pieces.
而祖先英灵也能帮他们战斗，他们会告诉巨人们，敌人会从哪里来，提醒他们提前防御。
Ancestral Spirits can also help them fight, telling the giants where the enemy will come from, reminding them to defend in advance.
但论起杀死活尸的数量，还是要数能召唤好几只魔兽共同战斗的战兽学院参赛生。
But when it comes to the number of living corpses killed, it is still necessary to count the students of the War Beast Academy who can summon several Warcraft to fight together.
他们召唤来的魔兽有的能飞在天空往下喷火焰、喷风刃、喷冰箭，还有的能巨大化，跟兽人一样任意冲撞和踩踏活尸。
Some of the demonic beasts they summoned can fly in the sky and spray flames, wind blades, and ice arrows, and some can become gigantic, rushing and trampling living corpses at will like orcs.
就在战兽学校学生眉飞色舞，觉得这次他们可以再次夺得召唤系第一名时。
Just when the students of the War Beast School were frowning, thinking that this time they could win the first place in the summoning department again.
一群翅膀都烂出骨头却还能飞行的活尸魔鸟，冲着这些飞在天空的学生们过来了！
A group of living corpse demon birds with rotten wings and bones but still able to fly, came over at these students flying in the sky!
而且这些鸟特别多，简直铺天盖地。 And there are so many of these birds that it's overwhelming.
“兄弟们，列队，战斗！”战兽学校的领头学生一声吼。
"Brothers, line up, fight!" The leading student of the War Beast School roared.
但能听他指挥的学生才只有两个，就三个人，外加三个人召唤来的不到十只的魔兽，要怎么对付得了这么多的活尸魔鸟？
But there are only two students who can listen to his command, just three people, plus less than ten demonic beasts summoned by three people, how can they deal with so many living corpse demon birds?
“退退退，落地落地！妈的，怎么会有这么多活尸魔鸟！这还怎么打？”
"Retreat, retreat, land! Damn, how can there be so many living corpse demon birds! How can this be fought? ”
“活尸老鼠！有活尸老鼠！好多！救命！” "Living Corpse Rats! There are living corpse rats! Better! Help me! ”
“快动手！你在发什么呆！” "Hurry up! What are you in a daze! ”
“啊啊啊！我不要比赛了，我要回家！我受不了了！” "Ahhh I don't want to race, I'm going home! I can't stand it anymore! ”
“我被咬了，救我，帮我疗伤，救救我！” "I've been bitten, save me, help me heal, help me!"
“快跑！我撑不住了。这些活尸太多了，根本杀不完！”
"Run! I can't hold it anymore. There are too many of these living corpses to kill! ”
好多学生在各自召唤来的宝宝的帮助下扭头就往荆棘墙那边跑，还有学生慌不择路往草原更深处跑，也有少数学生跑向了两边山林。
Many students turned around and ran to the side of the thorn wall with the help of their summoned babies, some students ran deeper into the grassland in a panic, and a few students ran to the mountains and forests on both sides.
直到这时，站在荆棘墙上的兽人将领才扬了扬手。 It was only then that the orc general standing on the wall of thorns raised his hand.
负责救援和治疗的魔法师以及药师飞了起来，他们开始向战场移动。
The mages in charge of rescue and healing, as well as the medicine man, flew up, and they began to move towards the battlefield.
现场观众再次捂住了脸。 The audience covered their faces again.
这次不是看不下去，而是不忍心看。 It's not that I can't stand it this time, but I can't bear to watch it.
他们刚刚亲眼看到自己的好友、同学乃至亲人被那些活尸扑倒。
They had just seen their friends, classmates, and even relatives swooped down by those living corpses.
有好些学生的四肢都被撕扯掉了，还有人被一众活尸一拥而上扑倒……那结果都不用想！
Several of the students' limbs were torn off, and others were swept down by a crowd of living corpses...... Don't even think about it!
“众神在上！你们快看现场，受伤和死掉的学生好像变异了，他们爬起来追赶参赛者了，怎么还能这样？”
"The gods are above! If you look at the scene, the injured and dead students seem to have mutated, and they have gotten up to chase the contestants, how can this still be the case? ”
“他们不会真的变成活尸了吧？这次比试怎么这么残忍？”
"They're not really going to be alive, are they? Why is this competition so cruel? ”
“不不不！肯定不可能。这应该是惩罚机制，是假的活尸病毒，如果是真的还得了？别忘了，这是幻境，都醒醒，这肯定不可能是真的活尸病毒。”
"No, no, no! Certainly not. This is supposed to be a punishment mechanism, is it a fake living corpse virus, if it's real, it's still there? Don't forget, this is a fantasy, wake up, this can't really be a living corpse virus. ”
“对对对，他们不可能一直都活尸化。这就是受伤和死亡惩罚，我猜时间很可能也是五分钟？”
"Yes, yes, they can't be living corpses all the time. That's the injury and death penalty, and I guess the time is probably five minutes as well? ”
这些观众猜对了，受伤和死亡的学生的惩罚时间就是五分钟活尸化。
These viewers guessed correctly, the punishment time for injured and dead students is five minutes of living corpses.
而这些学生明显还拥有自己的清醒意识，却无法控制自己的行动，这从他们惊恐的眼神就可以看出来。
The students were clearly conscious of themselves, but they were unable to control their movements, as evidenced by the frightened looks in their eyes.
无数观众给这些学生点蜡。 Countless spectators waxed these students.
被活尸抓伤咬伤撕扯伤，更有人被活尸活生生咬死，就问这种心理伤害得有多大？
Being scratched, bitten, and torn by a living corpse, and even being bitten to death by a living corpse, I ask how much psychological damage is this?
这之后还得变成活尸追咬同伴…… After that, you have to turn into a living corpse and bite your companions......
总觉得这批参赛生回来后可能九成都要进心理魔幻室进行心理开导，太严重的恐怕只能施展遗忘术了。
I always feel that after this batch of contestants comes back, they may have to enter the psychological magic room for psychological enlightenment, and if it is too serious, I am afraid that they can only use the forgetting technique.
“总觉得今年的比试比前几年都难。” "I always feel that this year's competition is more difficult than previous years."
“看来不止我一个人这么觉得。” "I don't think I'm the only one who thinks so."
说这话的都是高年级生，最少参加过一次大比，或者看过大比的魔影记录。
The people who said this were all senior students, and they had participated in the Dabi at least once, or had seen the Dabi's Shadow Record.
“听说活尸好像变多了，有的小国家甚至已经被祸害得消失了。”
"I heard that there seem to be more living corpses, and some small countries have even disappeared from the scourge."
“真的假的？已经这么严重了？” "Really? It's already so serious? ”
“绝对是真，说不定以后我们都要上战场。这就是给我们的预告！”
"It's absolutely true, maybe we'll all go to war in the future. That's the teaser for us! ”
“嗐！不说这些让人心里着慌的事了，天塌下来高个子顶，对了，陨星和兽人那帮人在干什么？”
"Whew! Not to mention these things that make people panic, the sky is falling and the tall man is on top, by the way, what are the meteors and orcs doing? ”
“对哦，他们跑去哪儿了？他们的情况怎么样？” "yes, where did they go? How are they doing? ”
被关心的王小叶等六人占领了一个小高地路口，他们没有急着去勾引和杀死活尸，而是在这个路口上方凌空架设、用魔法和周围的现成材料，临时修建了一个土堡。
Wang Xiaoye and the other six people who were concerned occupied a small highland intersection, and they did not rush to seduce and kill the living corpses, but erected a volley above this intersection, using magic and the surrounding ready-made materials, and temporarily built an earthen fort.
王叶又在土堡上催生了大量荆棘藤蔓。就是走近了，都不一定能看到这里还有一座人工建筑。
Wang Ye also spawned a large number of thorny vines on the earthen fort. Even if you get closer, you may not be able to see that there is a man-made building here.
土堡还在前后左右以及上下方，开了六个小窗口。 The earthen fort also has six small windows in front and back, left and right, as well as up and down.
观众们：卧槽！这六个人好绝。 Audience: it! These six people are amazing.
第205章 开餐啦，随便吃！ Chapter 205: It's time to eat, eat as much as you want!
王叶就是个不试探规则就不会死心的人，他完整记下兽人将领的要求，听他说不允许使用药剂、卷轴、魔器和魔法阵等辅助，但并没有提到不允许使用自身魔法技能，所以他就尝试了一下催生。
Wang Ye is a person who will not die without testing the rules, he completely wrote down the requirements of the orc general, and heard him say that he is not allowed to use potions, scrolls, magic weapons and magic arrays and other auxiliaries, but he did not mention that he is not allowed to use his own magic skills, so he tried to give birth.
果然他的催生也好、治疗术也好都被算在本身技能内，使用并不违规。
Sure enough, whether it is his birth or healing technique, it is counted in his own skills, and it is not illegal to use it.
“有活尸跑过来了，我们要去把它们引过来吗？”梅雨雯兴奋地问，她才是真正的黑暗系魔法师，召唤的就是骷髅啊。
"There's a living corpse running over, are we going to lure them in?" Mei Yuwen asked excitedly, she is the real dark magician, and she summons skeletons.
这里她已经感觉到，会有无数的骷髅为她所用，只可惜她不能一次性召唤太多。
Here she already sensed that there would be countless skeletons for her use, but it was a pity that she couldn't summon too many at once.
否则来个十万骷髅大战活尸，肯定超级精彩，她也能拿到本次比试的第一名。
Otherwise, a 100,000 skeleton battle against a living corpse will definitely be super exciting, and she can also win the first place in this competition.
唉，这种美好幻想还是等她成为九级魔法师以后再说吧。
Alas, this kind of beautiful fantasy will wait until she becomes a ninth-level magician.
“骷髅引不动活尸，我来。”狮平原召唤出了两只母狮子。
"Skeletons can't attract living corpses, I'll come." Lion Plains summoned two lionesses.
王叶侧目，这位说他能召唤魔兽，没想到召唤出来的是火焰狮。
Wang Ye looked sideways, this one said that he could summon demonic beasts, but he didn't expect that it was a flame lion that was summoned.
很好，狮人召唤狮子，讲道理得很。 Very good, the lion man summons the lion, and it is very reasonable.
就是这家伙召唤出来的为什么都是母狮子？ It's this guy who summoned it, why are they all lionesses?
火焰狮雄狮和母狮的区别很明显，一个火焰在脖颈处，一个火焰在四只脚上。
The difference between the flame lion male lion and the lioness is obvious, one flame at the neck and one flame on the four feet.
狮平原完全无视了陨星三人的目光，他就是招母狮子喜欢怎么滴，再说母狮子才最凶残好吧！
Lion Plains completely ignored the gaze of the three meteors, he just recruited the lioness how to drop, and the lioness was the most ferocious!
雄狮子都懒死了，招来不给吃的喝的都不理睬你，吃饱了就能趴在那儿不动，他才不要。
The male lion is too lazy to die, and he ignores you if he doesn't give him food or drink, and when he is full, he can lie there and not move, so he doesn't want it.
两只火焰母狮跑到活尸群，冲它们咆哮，勾引了一群，转头撒腿就往路口土堡这边跑。
The two flaming lioness ran to the group of living corpses, roared at them, seduced a group, turned around and ran towards the earthen fort at the junction.
“来了！大家准备！” "It's coming! Everyone, prepare! ”
母狮子跑进了通道。 The lioness ran into the passage.
“远程，上！” "Remote, on!"
呖——！鹰啼声响起，半空中突然冲下一只金色的巨鹰，一爪子抓碎了活尸的脑袋。
Uh——! The eagle's cry sounded, and a golden giant eagle suddenly rushed down from mid-air, clawing at the head of a living corpse.
两只小鬼一样的怪物从地底冒出，呀呀叫着抱住那些活尸的腿，爬上它们的脑袋，扔出一颗黑色的球。
Two imp-like monsters emerged from the ground, screaming and grabbing the legs of the living corpses, climbing onto their heads and throwing a black ball.
黑色的球炸开，活尸的脑袋跟着炸开。 The black ball exploded, and the head of the living corpse exploded with it.
两个石头人堵住了路口往后的去路，十几个活尸都被堵在了那条狭窄的通道里。
Two stone men blocked the way back of the intersection, and a dozen or so living corpses were blocked in the narrow passage.
“近攻，上！” "Melee attack, up!"
十几只骷髅从土地里挣扎着爬出，抓住那些活尸就开始撕扯。
A dozen skeletons struggled out of the ground, grabbed the living corpses and began tearing.
火焰母狮也掉转方向，扑向最近的活尸，咬、抓、烧！ The flame lioness also turned around and pounced on the nearest living corpse, biting, scratching, and burning!
土堡的窗口里也同时扔出各种魔法攻击那些活尸。 The windows of the earthen fort also threw various magic spells at the same time to attack the living corpses.
王叶假模假样地念了一句召唤咒语：“我的朋友，我需要帮助，来吧，这里有无数的食物，随便你们吃啊~”
Wang Ye pretended to recite a summoning spell: "My friend, I need help, come on, there are countless foods here, you can eat as you like~"
虫巢空间打开了一条缝隙，就跟召唤术打开神秘空间通道召唤出未知物一样，小光率领它的虫群杀了出来。
A crack opened in the hive space, just as a summoning spell opened a mysterious space passage to summon an unknown object, and Xiaoguang led its insect swarm to kill.
它们等到现在，都等急了，终于等到开吃了。 They waited until now, they were in a hurry, and finally waited for the start of eating.
它们可是听小叶子说了，这里的怪物都是能量构成，吃了就是赚到，冲啊！
They listened to Xiao Yezi, the monsters here are all made of energy, and if you eat it, you can earn it, rush!
王叶拿出了二胡，这是他的魔武，不知道算不算魔器，他需要试一试。
Wang Ye took out the erhu, this is his magic weapon, I don't know if it counts as a magic weapon, he needs to give it a try.
琴音响起，【纠缠不清】因果技能发动，无数因果线伴随琴音拉扯住两名速度飞快的活尸魔兽。
The sound of the piano sounded, and the [Entangled] causal skill was activated, and countless causal lines accompanied by the sound of the piano pulled the two fast-moving living corpse demonic beasts.
活尸没有灵魂，灵魂类攻击魔法对它们毫无用处，但物理性攻击对它们都很有效。
Living corpses do not have souls, and soul attack magic is useless against them, but physical attacks are effective against them.
没有扣分，他的二胡被算在了魔法师魔杖一类的必须魔器中。
There were no points deducted, and his erhu was counted in the list of essential magic weapons such as the magician's wand.
实际上，其他人也拿出了自己的魔武。 In fact, others also came up with their own magic weapons.
看来只要是用来施展本身技能的魔杖类魔武就不算是额外的魔器。
It seems that as long as it is used to cast its own skills, it is not considered an additional magic weapon.
王叶勾起唇角，如此，他就可以开大啦！ Wang Ye hooked the corners of his lips, so that he could open wide!
【自掘坟墓】，土系攻击，跑到附近的活尸突然就被翻滚的土壤吞没，统统被埋进土里，只留下一个脑袋。
[Self-digging grave], the soil system attacked, and the living corpses that ran nearby were suddenly swallowed up by the tumbling soil, and they were all buried in the soil, leaving only one head.
虫群立刻飞过去一阵狂啃。 The swarm immediately flew over and gnawed wildly.
吃吃吃，拼命吃。 Eat and eat, eat desperately.
吃饱了就回虫巢去分泌虫蜜，再飞出来吃。 When you are full, you go back to the hive to secrete the nectar and fly out to eat.
小光这次更是超级兴奋，吃多了它才能升级啊。而且下属吃得越多，它们的一部分力量也会反馈到它身上来。
Xiaoguang is even more excited this time, and he can only upgrade if he eats too much. And the more the subordinates eat, part of their power will be fed back to it.
活尸脑袋被啃掉就不能动了。 The head of the living corpse is gnawed off and cannot move.
王叶为了利益最大化，指示虫群只啃脑袋，其他部位都不要。
In order to maximize profits, Wang Ye instructed the swarm to only gnaw on the head, and not other parts.
后来等他发现如果切断这些活尸脖颈到大脑部位的颈椎部分，破坏脑干部分，同样可以干掉它们，他干脆让虫群重点啃咬脑干部位。
Later, when he found out that if he cut off the cervical vertebrae from the neck of these living corpses to the brain and destroy the brain stem, he could also kill them, so he simply let the swarm focus on the brain stem.
这种方法并不能消灭活尸病毒，但能让活尸停止行动，宛如死亡。
This method does not destroy the living corpse virus, but it does make the living corpse stop moving, as if it were dead.
所以很多人都说活尸病毒需要生物脑干中一种物质才能调动生物全身，一旦脑干被破坏，活尸病毒就没办法再向生物全身传递信号。
Therefore, many people say that the living corpse virus needs a substance in the biological brain stem to mobilize the whole body of the organism, and once the brain stem is destroyed, the living corpse virus can no longer transmit signals to the whole body of the organism.
他闻笛师父就是在活尸脑干中提取了那种能让活尸病毒传递的物质，反向研究，这才研究出灭绝活尸病毒的药剂。
It was in the brainstem of the living corpse that Master Wendi extracted the substance that could transmit the living corpse virus, and studied it in reverse, so that he could develop the elixir that exterminated the living corpse virus.
这里的活尸魔兽也好、活死人也好，都没有真正的活尸病毒，但它们的行动原理都是一样的。
Whether it is a living corpse monster or a living dead here, there is no real living corpse virus, but their principle of action is the same.
而且脑干部位的能量最丰富。 And the brainstem is the most energetic.
小光吃出精来，率领虫群就往那些活尸的脑子里钻。 Xiaoguang ate the sperm and led the swarm to drill into the brains of those living corpses.
要么从鼻孔、耳孔里钻进去，要么就干脆咬穿太阳穴和后颈。
Either through the nostrils and ears, or simply bite through the temples and the back of the neck.
这些活尸对它们简直毫无抵抗之力！ These living corpses are powerless against them!
“勾第二波。”王叶眼看这批活尸消灭得差不多，立刻发出新的指令。
"Hook the second wave." Seeing that this batch of living corpses was almost wiped out, Wang Ye immediately issued a new order.
火焰狮再次冲出去钓鱼。 The Flame Lion rushes out to fish again.
六个人在土堡里都兴奋得眼睛发亮，他们躲在土堡里指挥自己的宝宝，再用本身魔法技能或天赋技能辅助，半点危险没有，还可以交替休息，简直不能更爽。
The six people in the earthen fort were so excited that their eyes lit up, they hid in the earthen fort to command their babies, and then used their own magic skills or talent skills to assist, there was no danger at all, and they could rest alternately, it couldn't be more refreshing.
场外观众看得也是羡慕不已，其他参赛者好多都已经陷入受伤和死亡惩罚，被活尸群冲击得溃不成军，还有些学生直接心理崩溃，竟然逃回荆棘墙那边，虽然没再喊着要放弃比赛，但显然已经丧失斗志，只能让召唤来的宝宝紧紧守着自己。
The audience outside the stadium was also envious, many of the other contestants had fallen into the punishment of injury and death, and were overwhelmed by the impact of the living corpses, and some students had a direct psychological breakdown, and even fled back to the thorn wall, although they did not shout to give up the game, but they had obviously lost their fighting spirit, and could only let the summoned baby guard themselves tightly.
但也不是所有学生表现得都很烂，有些高年级学生已经在外面历练过多次，经常和佣兵组队，或者经常出入一些比较危险的地方做任务，这些学生的战斗经验就比较丰富。
However, not all students are bad, some senior students have already experienced many times outside, often team up with mercenaries, or often go out to some more dangerous places to do tasks, these students have more combat experience.
虽然他们平时的伙伴都不在身边，这时候只能单打独斗，但他们的表现也非常亮眼。
Although their usual partners are not around, they can only fight alone at this time, but their performance is also very impressive.
他们或者在边缘游斗，或者就像陨星兽人队一样，藏在某个比较安全的地方，对活尸采取偷袭方式。
They either roam around the fringes or, like the Meteorite Orcs, hide in a safer place and sneak attack the living corpses.
有些参赛者还比较了解活尸，给自己施展隔绝气息的魔法，再配合自己的召唤物一起袭击活尸，效果也很不错。
Some of the contestants also know more about living corpses, and they can use the magic of insulating breath on themselves, and then attack the living corpses with their own summons, which is also very effective.
像是海族参赛者他们在最初的慌乱后也稳定下来，边打边退，并用水浪裹住自己全身，一旦气息隔绝，那些活尸也就不再追着他们打，他们也有了喘息的余地。
For example, the Sea Clan contestants also stabilized after the initial panic, fighting and retreating, and wrapped their whole bodies in water waves, once the breath was cut off, those living corpses no longer chased after them, and they also had room to breathe.
那些圆滚滚粉嫩嫩的小虫人也表现亮眼，他们一开始就没有跟着大部队冲进草原，而是在原地做了一些准备，召唤出一堆虫子，让那些虫子在自己身上撒了一种鳞粉。
The round and pink little insect people also performed brilliantly, they did not rush into the grassland with the large army at the beginning, but made some preparations in the same place, summoned a bunch of insects, and let those insects sprinkle a kind of scale powder on themselves.
这些鳞粉显然也能起到隔绝气味的作用，而且还能让小虫人隐形。
These scales obviously also act as a soothing thing, and they can also make the bug-men invisible.
小虫人就躲在了高大的树木上，操纵虫群去偷袭路过的活尸。
The little insect man hid in the tall trees and manipulated the insect swarm to sneak up on the living corpses that passed by.
“更高级的活尸出现了！”场外观众变色。 "A more advanced living corpse has appeared!" The audience outside the venue changed color.
有几个慌不择路的参赛生跑进了草原深处，这会儿他们摇摇晃晃地带着一群新的活尸出现。
A few of the panicked contestants ran into the depths of the prairie, where they staggered with a new group of living corpses.
这些活尸无论行动速度还是能力表现都比前面那群活尸强得多。
These living corpses are much stronger than the previous group of living corpses in terms of movement speed and ability.
这是一些能使用魔法和武技的活尸魔兽和活死人。 These are some of the living corpse monsters and living dead who can use magic and martial arts.
天空，也飞来了一群能喷吐腐蚀液的怪鸟。 In the sky, a flock of strange birds that can spit corrosive liquid also flew in.
这下本来就遭到重创的学生更加雪上加霜。 This is even worse for the students who have been hit hard.
而那些出来救援的魔法师和治疗者们根本忙不过来，他们出现后也成了攻击目标。
The mages and healers who came to the rescue were too busy to do so, and they became targets when they appeared.
兽人将领就在荆棘墙上看着，一旦发现自己派出的魔法师和治疗者们危险，立刻就派士兵去保护他们，把他们带回来。
The orc generals watched over the wall of thorns, and as soon as they found that the magicians and healers they had sent were in danger, they immediately sent soldiers to protect them and bring them back.
对，不是在现场保护，好让他们继续治疗那些学生，而是把治疗者们带了回去……
Yes, not to protect the students so that they could continue to treat the students, but to bring the healers back......
“保护治疗者！不能让他们离开。”战兽学校的学生喊。
"Protect the healers! They can't be allowed to leave. The students of the War Beast School shouted.
但现在所有人都在各自为战，根本没有人能抽出手来保护治疗者。
But now that everyone is fighting on their own, no one can pull their hands to protect the healer.
战兽学校的学生也无能为力，他们的同伴也有一个被咬伤，现在也成了活尸中的一员，还追着他们咬。真是让他们打也不是，不打也不是。
The students of the War Beast School were also powerless, and one of their companions had also been bitten, and now they were also among the living corpses, and they were still chasing and biting. It's really not for them to fight, and it's not for them not to fight.
“我们不能再这样下去，得把大家都组织起来。这样各自为战，除了逃跑，我们什么也做不到。”冷静下来的学生喊道。
"We can't go on like this, we have to get everybody organized. In this way, we can do nothing but escape. The calmed student shouted.
“海族的参赛者，求帮忙，弄一个水域，再在里面弄一个孤岛，让大家能进去轮番休息。”双月的学生冒头，和海族参赛生协商。
"Sea Clan contestants, please help, make a body of water, and then make an island in it, so that everyone can go in and take turns to rest." The bi-monthly students came forward and negotiated with the Sea Clan participants.
“地底人族的参赛者，还有其他凡是能操纵土壤、挖坑的参赛者往这边来，大家集中力量弄出一个隔离带，再弄一个大坑出来。如果能埋掉那些活尸最好！”
"The contestants of the underground human race, as well as all the other contestants who can manipulate the soil and dig pits, come here, and everyone concentrates on making a barrier and a big pit out. It would be best if you could bury those living corpses! ”
“凡是能操纵火焰的召唤者也过来，共同用火焰拦住那些活尸！”
"Anyone who can manipulate the flames will also come and stop those living corpses with the flames!"
“巨人族的朋友，请你们帮忙建立隔离带，帮大家拖延时间，拜托！”
"Friends of the Giant Clan, please help build the separation zone and help everyone delay time, please!"
“能召唤飞行者的参赛者，请你们帮忙牵制空中的活尸！大家一起努力，我们才能更好地活下去。”
"Contestants who can summon pilots, please help contain the living corpses in the air! Together, we can live better. ”
这名双月高年级生的表现，让场外观众不少人都点头，总算稳下来了，也看清形式了。
The performance of this bi-monthly senior student made many people in the audience nod their heads, and they finally stabilized and saw the form clearly.
并不是所有人都愿意听从安排，但大家也都知道，这时候如果不利用集体的力量，只凭个人真的太难。
Not everyone is willing to follow the arrangement, but everyone knows that it is really difficult to rely on individuals without using the power of the collective.
参赛生们逐渐开始靠拢。 The contestants gradually began to get closer.
但新的问题出现了，想要建立好后方，就得先牵制住活尸，可牵制活尸很危险，非常容易死伤，何况这时候还来了等级更高的活尸。
But a new problem has arisen, if you want to establish a good rear, you must first contain the living corpses, but it is very dangerous to contain the living corpses, and it is very easy to be killed and injured, not to mention that there are also higher-level living corpses at this time.
在死伤刚刚增加的时候，就有参赛者愤怒大喊：“为什么你们XX校的人不动，为什么你们光躲在后面指挥？”
When the number of casualties just increased, some contestants shouted angrily: "Why don't you people from XX school move, why do you just hide behind and command?" ”
“混蛋！刚才是不是你推我？” "Bastard! Did you push me just now? ”
“地底人族呢？他们为什么躲在地下不出来？” "What about the Terrans? Why did they hide underground and not come out? ”
“地下有活尸魔鼠，你们以为是谁在牵制这些死老鼠？”地底人族暴怒：“妈的，不干了，我们这么辛苦，还要被你们冤枉偷懒，你们自己挖坑去吧！”
"There are living corpse demon rats underground, who do you think is restraining these dead rats?" The underground terrans were furious: "Damn, don't do it, we work so hard, and we have to be wronged and lazy by you, dig your own pit!" ”
“不要都往休息孤岛跑，我们得有人在外面牵制活尸和抵抗！”
"Don't all run to the rest island, we have to have someone outside to contain the living corpses and resist!"
海族也不愿意了，他们三个人维持一个上千平方的水域很辛苦的好吗，这些陆地智慧种就只会催催催！
The sea clan is also unwilling, the three of them are very hard to maintain a water area of thousands of square meters, okay, these land wisdom species will only urge and urge!
巨人族也不高兴：“你们为什么都躲在我们身后休息，出来战斗，我们也需要休息！”
The Giant Clan was also not happy: "Why are you all hiding behind us to rest, come out to fight, we also need to rest!" ”
好嘛，组织刚有点样就开始内讧了。 Well, as soon as the organization got a little bit of shape, it started to fight among themselves.
负责组织的双月高年级生简直焦头烂额，领导可不是那么好做的，尤其是这种危急关头的战场领导，还有这么多种族，光是协调就能要了他的命。
The bimonthly senior student in charge of the organization is simply anxious, and the leader is not so easy to do, especially the battlefield leader at this critical juncture, and there are so many races, just coordination can kill him.
双月这名参赛者到后来已经没办法协调，只能带着愿意听他指挥的部分参赛者开始后撤，寻找一个能休息调整的地点。
The contestant of the two months had no way to coordinate later, so he could only take some of the contestants who were willing to listen to his command and began to retreat, looking for a place to rest and adjust.
海族和巨人族以及地底人族合作了。 The Sea Clan and the Giants and the Terrans have cooperated.
他们借用附近一个洼地，放出大量的水，弄成了一个隔离区。巨人搬来几块巨石堆放到洼地中间，就成了一座勉强可以休息的孤岛。
They borrowed a nearby depression and released a large amount of water to create a quarantine area. The giant brought a few boulders and piled them up in the middle of the depression, and it became an island where he could barely rest.
因为这片洼地占地不是很大，其他参赛者想进去，都被拒绝。
Because this depression does not occupy a very large area, other contestants wanted to enter it, but they were all refused.
这些参赛者很生气，故意带领活尸往这边跑，再往水中扑，哪怕被冲走、被攻击也无所谓。如果他们转变成活尸，更是一个劲往洼地这边冲。
These contestants were very angry and deliberately led the living corpses to run this way, and then threw themselves into the water, even if they were washed away and attacked. If they turn into living corpses, they will rush towards the depression.
一来二去，双方都结仇了。 After going back and forth, both sides became enemies.
大家不知道他们现在正被人看着吗？ Don't you know they're being watched right now?
当然知道，但很多时候，脾气一上来，火冲脑门，那就什么都顾不上了。
Of course I know, but many times, when the temper comes up and the anger rushes to the brain, then I can't take care of anything.
人为了一个馒头都能杀人，更何况遇到生死之事？ People can kill people with a steamed bun, let alone life and death?
场外观众在短短一个多小时间就见到了各种人性丑陋。 The audience outside the venue saw all kinds of human ugliness in just over an hour.
把别的参赛者甚至同伴推到前面挡活尸，自己逃跑的。 Pushing other contestants and even their companions to the front to block the living corpses and running away by themselves.
骗别人留下来挡住活尸，自己逃跑的。 Trick others into staying to block the living corpse and escape by yourself.
在别人辛辛苦苦围困活尸或磨得活尸差不多快要死亡时，跑出来补刀摘果子的。
When others have worked hard to besiege a living corpse or grind it to the point where the corpse is almost dying, they run out to mend the knife and pick the fruit.
因为一时意气之争或仇恨，气得失去理智，不再杀活尸，反而拼命追杀某些参赛者的。
Because of a momentary battle of anger or hatred, he was so angry that he lost his mind, and no longer killed living corpses, but desperately pursued and killed some of the contestants.
抢夺治疗包的——是的，治疗包被投放了。 The one who snatched the treatment kit - yes, the treatment kit was dropped.
恳求治疗者先治疗自己的，为了能靠近治疗者，给其他人使绊子的。
Imploring the healer to heal himself first, stumbling on others in order to get close to the healer.
眼睁睁看着参赛者被杀死，但为了保住自己的命，就是躲着不出来的……
I watched the contestants get killed, but in order to save their lives, they just couldn't hide......
林林总总，太多“现实”被砸到了参赛者和观众脸上。 There are so many "realities" that have been smashed in the faces of the contestants and spectators.
大佬们还好，都很淡定。 The bigwigs are okay, they are all calm.
但绝大多数的学生们看得脸色都变了，所有人都在想，如果我遇到同样的事情，我该怎么办？
But the vast majority of the students looked at it with a change of face, and everyone was thinking, what would I do if I had the same thing?
“不想看了，太难受了。”有学生捂住脸。 "I don't want to see it, it's too uncomfortable." Some students covered their faces.
“我们学校的参赛者都死了不止一遍，他们这次肯定垫底了。”
"The contestants in our school have all died more than once, and they must have been at the bottom this time."
“我们学校的学生怎么了？他们是放弃了吗？为什么惩罚时间结束，他们也不去杀活尸，就躺在那里，任由自己再度变成活尸？”
"What happened to the students in our school? Did they give up? Why didn't they kill the living corpses when the punishment time was over, they just lay there and let themselves become living corpses again? ”
“啊啊啊！真的看不下去了！” "Ahhh I really can't stand it! ”
“有些人表现还是很精彩的，也不至于所有人都很糟糕。”
"Some people are still doing well, and it's not that everybody is bad."
“我们学校的人都在努力帮助别人，他们很优秀，我为他们骄傲！”
"The people in our school are trying to help others, they are excellent, and I am very proud of them!"
“可他们死了好多次了，呜呜，能不能不要这么傻，我宁可他们多想一点自己。其他人为什么不帮他们，这又不是真的死亡，只要大家联合起来……”
"But they've died so many times, woo, can you not be so stupid, I'd rather they think about themselves a little more. Why don't the others help them, it's not really a death, as long as everyone unites to ......"
“会联合的，现在大家脑袋都太热，需要冷一冷。” "It's going to be united, everyone's heads are too hot now, and they need to be cold."
“你们看陨星和兽人学校那边，他们简直兴高采烈！艹！”
"Look at the Meteorite and the Orc School, they're in high spirits! ! ”
“……我也宁可看小叶子那六个人的表现，看他们的，我会觉得还有无限希望。”
“…… I'd rather watch the performance of Xiao Yezi's six people, looking at them, I feel that there is still infinite hope. ”
“啊啊啊，我们学校的学生为什么不往小叶子那边跑，往北边跑什么？去南边啊！”
"Ahhh Go south! ”
“下次我们也和陨星和兽人学校合作吧。” "Next time, let's work with the Meteorite and Orc schools."
“那也得有小叶子参加啊，他才是关键！” "Then Xiao Yezi has to participate, he is the key!"
陨星和兽人学校的师生们看得紧张又兴奋。 The teachers and students of the Meteorite and Orc schools watched nervously and excitedly.
虫老浑身放松，全程没说话，但坐在他身边的兰道却知道这位从头到尾就没转移过目光，一直盯着光幕。
The worm elder relaxed and didn't speak the whole time, but Lan Dao, who was sitting next to him, knew that this person had never shifted his gaze from beginning to end, and had been staring at the light curtain.
“小叶子那些虫子，你给的？” "Xiaoyezi, those bugs, you gave them?"
“嗯。”虫老认下了这件事。 "Hmm." The worm elder confessed to it.
“很厉害的虫子。” "A terrible bug."
“那是。” "That's it."
兰道脸上在笑，眼中却没有笑意。小叶子的表现已经过于打眼，他很担心……
Landau had a smile on his face, but there was no smile in his eyes. Xiao Yezi's performance was already too eye-catching, and he was very worried......
闻笛那边也万万没想到王小叶玩虫子竟然也能玩得这么好，尤其他的异术技能似乎和虫群异常配合，总是能恰到好处地拉拽住那些活尸，控制它们的行动，甚至把它们的嘴巴都绑起来。特别方便虫群和他的伙伴们解决活尸，跟打死桩一样。
Wen Di never expected that Wang Xiaoye could play with insects so well, especially his magic skills seemed to be unusually coordinated with the insect swarm, always able to pull those living corpses just right, control their movements, and even tie up their mouths. It's especially convenient for the swarm and his companions to deal with the living corpses, just like killing the pile.
王叶的优秀，让闻笛又是骄傲，又是头疼。 Wang Ye's excellence made Wendi proud and headache.
闻笛更了解长生会，王叶表现得越厉害，越会引起那些人注意。
Wen Di knew more about the Immortal Society, and the more powerful Wang Ye behaved, the more he would attract the attention of those people.
但闻笛却不认为王叶应该把自己的能力藏起来，普通天才消失也不会有多少人注意，但如果有一个被绝大多数人关注的超级天才出现，就算有人对他馋得口水流出三千里，考虑到牵一发动全身，也不敢随便动手。
But Wen Di didn't think that Wang Ye should hide his ability, and not many people would pay attention to the disappearance of ordinary geniuses, but if a super genius who was followed by the vast majority of people appeared, even if someone drooled over him for three thousand miles, considering that he would not dare to do it casually.
闻笛甚至希望王叶能表现得更出色，出色到让那些顶级大佬都无法忽略他、进而想要培养他的程度，那时小叶子的安全度才会真正提高。
Wen Di even hoped that Wang Ye could perform better, so good that those top bosses couldn't ignore him and then wanted to cultivate him, and then Xiao Yezi's safety would really improve.
比试现场，王叶六人那边，一个多小时下来，已经解决了上千活尸。
At the scene of the competition, Wang Ye and the six people, after more than an hour, thousands of living corpses have been solved.
为了不引起活尸群注意，王叶狡猾地利用【自掘坟墓】这招，把不能动的活尸都埋进了地里。
In order not to attract the attention of the living corpses, Wang Ye cunningly used the trick of [digging his own grave] to bury all the living corpses that could not move into the ground.
所以他们路口这边一直干干净净，就好像什么都没发生。
So they kept the intersection clean, as if nothing had happened.
他们瞄上了更高级的活尸。 They set their sights on higher-level living corpses.
火焰狮跑到一只高级活死人身边，这位生前大概是魔法师，它不断挥舞它的手臂，就像是在挥舞魔杖，可惜它的魔杖没有了。
The Flame Lion ran up to a high-ranking living dead, presumably a magician, and it kept waving its arms as if it were waving a wand, but unfortunately its wand was gone.
但它身上不时冒出冰渣，这应该是一位擅长冰系魔法的魔法师。
But from time to time, ice slag comes out of its body, and this should be a magician who is good at ice magic.
火焰狮冲着这名活死人喷了一口火焰，不等它反击，转头就跑。
The Flame Lion spewed a breath of fire at the living dead, and before it could fight back, it turned and ran.
那活死人立刻追了上去，速度还非常快，自然而然使用了加速魔法。
The living dead immediately chased after him, and the speed was still very fast, and naturally he used acceleration magic.
二胡音响起，因果线拉住了那活死人的双腿，让它速度变慢。
The erhu sounded, and the causal thread grabbed the legs of the living dead, slowing it down.
火焰狮一看威胁消失，掉转头又去刺激其他高等级活尸。
As soon as the Flame Lion saw that the threat was gone, he turned his head and went back to stimulate the other high-level living corpses.
等火焰狮吸引了六名高级活尸，就没再去钓鱼。 After the Flame Lion attracted six high-level living corpses, he didn't go fishing again.
六名召唤师各显神通，硬是把这六名高级活尸给磨死了。
The six summoners showed their own magical powers, and they simply grinded these six high-level living corpses to death.
梅雨雯兴奋地叫：“小叶子，你的牵制魔法太棒了，那些高级活尸没了速度，也就那样！”
Mei Yuwen shouted excitedly: "Xiao Yezi, your containment magic is amazing, those high-level living corpses have lost their speed, and that's it!" ”
其他四人也都笑，有小叶子在，他们打得真的太轻松了。
The other four also laughed, with Xiao Yezi there, they played really easily.
“好了，这六名活尸解决，下面轮到我去勾引活尸了。”能召唤金色巨鹰的兽人学生笑。
"Okay, these six living corpses are solved, and now it's my turn to seduce the living corpses." The orc student who can summon the Golden Giant Eagle laughs.
“这次一次性多勾引几只。”王叶道。 "This time seduce a few more at once." Wang Ye said.
“好！” "Good!"
高级活尸的奖励比普通活尸高多了，他们都看不上普通活尸了，捡着高级活尸勾搭。
The rewards of high-level living corpses are much higher than those of ordinary living corpses, and they don't look down on ordinary living corpses anymore, so they pick up high-level living corpses and hook up.
不过常在河边走，很难不湿鞋。大约是他们勾搭活尸的次数太多，似乎有活尸发现了这里有问题，更多的活尸往这个方向涌来。
However, it is difficult not to get your shoes wet when walking by the river. It's probably because they've hooked up with living corpses too many times, and it seems that some living corpses have discovered that something is wrong here, and more living corpses are pouring in this direction.
王叶还没有下令，小光先亢奋了。 Wang Ye hadn't given the order yet, and Xiao Guang was excited first.
“咿咿！”这批交给我们，我们可以飞远一点战斗。 "Babble!" Give this batch to us, we can fly a little farther to fight.
王叶打了个手势。 Wang Ye made a gesture.
“咿咿！”行，我们飞到后面找找活尸的指挥者，你在这里打辅助吧。
"Babble!" Okay, let's fly to the back and find the commander of the living corpse, you can play here as a backup.
王叶又打了个手势。 Wang Ye gestured again.
“咿！”知道啦，会给你留下部分虫群装样子。
小光展开翅膀，流光一样飞远，它的实力果然增加了，首先就是速度，绝对比刚开始遇到王叶时快了五倍不止。
Xiao Guang spread his wings and flew away like a streamer, and its strength really increased, first of all, the speed, which was definitely more than five times faster than when he first met Wang Ye.
部分虫群跟着小光杀向草原深处。 Some of the insect swarms followed the small light to the depths of the grassland.
还有一部分虫群留下来和王叶打配合。 There is also a part of the insect swarm left to cooperate with Wang Ye.
两只小虫人着急忙慌地拖着他们受伤的同伴往南边山林里跑。
The two little insect men hurriedly dragged their wounded companion into the mountains and forests to the south.
他们在附近找不到治疗者，治疗包也都被人抢走，偏偏同伴负伤了，幸好不是被活尸咬伤，只是被高级活尸魔兽喷出的火焰伤到。
他们虫人族天不怕地不怕，就怕火焰啦。
讨厌的火焰，讨厌的活尸魔鸟，呜呜呜！ Nasty flames, nasty living corpse demon birds, woo woo!
王叶看到了这三个小虫人，还有飞在他们身边保护他们的虫群，而在他们三人身后，是一群魔鸟在跟着他们。
Wang Ye saw the three little insect people, as well as the insect swarm flying beside them to protect them, and behind the three of them, a group of demon birds were following them.
那群魔鸟竟然还会喷火！ Those demon birds even breathe fire!
“我们再吸收三个人，如何？他们的虫群会对我们很有帮助。”王叶提议。
"How about we take in three more people? Their swarm will be very helpful to us. Wang Ye proposed.
“那三个小虫人？可以！”梅雨雯和另一个陨星的学生一口答应。
"Those three little bugmen? OK! Mei Yuwen and another student of the Meteorite agreed.
狮平原三个也没有异议，他们还算安全，这时候看到参赛生危险，当然是能帮忙就帮忙，何况小叶子还主动开口了。
The three of Shiping Plains have no objections, they are quite safe, at this time, seeing that the contestants are in danger, of course they can help, not to mention that Xiao Yezi also took the initiative to speak.
王叶当然不是随便开口，这是他的计划之一。 Of course, Wang Ye didn't open his mouth casually, this was one of his plans.
在一开始，他就清楚知道这场战斗不可能只靠一两个人之力，最后势必会形成一个又一个集体，共同来抵抗活尸群。
From the very beginning, he knew that this battle could not rely on the strength of just one or two people, and in the end it was bound to form one collective after another to resist the group of living corpses.
而且虫人族和虫老还有一定关系，当然是能帮就帮。 And the Zerg still has a certain relationship with the Worm Old, of course, if you can help.
场外，虫老看到王叶竟然从土堡里探出脑袋，冲着三个小虫人喊“这边来”，不由挑起眉毛，随后嘴角就弯了起来。
Outside the field, the insect elder saw Wang Ye poke his head out of the earthen fort and shouted "Come here" at the three little insect people, he couldn't help but raise his eyebrows, and then the corners of his mouth curved.
虫人族超凡者学校的学生更是在一瞬间爆发出猛烈的欢呼：“啊啊啊！小叶子我们爱你！”
The students of the Zerg Transcendent School burst into violent cheers in an instant: "Ahhhh Little leaves, we love you! ”
第206章 联合、同伴 Chapter 206: Alliance, Companionship
观赛现场，眼看各校学生观赛情绪激动，有些脾气暴躁的已经开始相互骂战，各校大佬都站了起来，或安抚或咆哮，强行把闹事的学生都按了下去。
At the scene of watching the game, seeing that the students of each school were excited to watch the game, some of them had begun to scold each other, and the bigwigs of each school stood up, or comforted or roared, and forcibly pressed the students who were making trouble.
但现场气氛就像即将失败开炸的坩埚，虽被人强行用魔法束缚住，但也只是延长了炸锅的时间。
But the atmosphere of the scene is like a crucible that is about to fail to explode, although it is forcibly restrained by magic, it only prolongs the time of the fryer.
各校大佬们的表情也不是很好，有的还算淡定，有的则深深皱起眉头，没有谁愿意看到自己学校的学生表现恶劣，如果能力不行还可接受，可人品出问题了，还是在众人面前曝光，那就让人难以忍耐了。
The expressions of the bigwigs in each school are not very good, some are quite calm, some are deeply frowned, no one wants to see the students in their school perform badly, if the ability is not good, it is acceptable, but if there is a problem with the character, it is still exposed in front of everyone, it is unbearable.
有些学校甚至开始深思，他们是不是除了能力教育，还得加强个人品德和集体荣誉感教育。
Some schools have even begun to ponder whether they need to strengthen the education of individual character and collective sense of honor in addition to ability education.
其实，学校各位大佬包括部分学生也明白，那些表现较为糟糕的学生也不一定就是人品不行，只是他们的概念还没有转换过来。
In fact, the school bosses, including some students, also understand that those students who perform poorly are not necessarily bad character, but their concepts have not been changed.
以往比试都是互殴比较多，或者就是搞出像培植迷宫那样的比试环境，让大家分别进去对付敌人。像是这两种情况，那当然是干掉对手或者不理睬对手的境况，才是正常态。
In the past, there were a lot of competitions to fight each other, or it was just to create a competition environment like cultivating a maze, so that everyone could go in and deal with the enemy separately. In these two cases, of course, it is the situation of killing the opponent or ignoring the opponent, which is the normal situation.
为此，有些学生进入这种偏现实向的战场，他们也会当成是培植迷宫那样的比试环境，只顾自己，不顾别人。
For this reason, when some students enter this kind of realistic battlefield, they will also treat it as a competition environment like cultivating a maze, and only care about themselves and ignore others.
有些参赛者甚至能抱着调皮捣蛋的心态，觉得也不会真的死人，就故意坑其他参赛者。
Some contestants can even hold a naughty mentality, thinking that they will not really die, so they deliberately trap other contestants.
另外还有些性格真比较冷漠的学生，或者心无旁骛一心追求魔法真理的学生，他们也对帮助其他人或救人或合作没什么兴趣。
There are also students who are really cold, or who are preoccupied with the truth of magic, and who have little interest in helping others, saving others, or cooperating.
但你真说这些学生有什么坏心、或品德不行，还真不是。
But if you really say that these students have any bad intentions or bad morals, they really don't.
可各校乃至己校学生间的对立、甚至仇恨已经形成，该怎么解决？
However, the antagonism and even hatred between the students of various schools and even their own schools have formed, how to solve them?
有些学校大佬还禁不住埋怨起大会组织和策划方，到底是谁决定召唤系比试用这种方式的？这对还在学校学习的学生们来说是不是太残忍了一些？
Some school bosses can't help but complain about the organization and planner of the conference, who decided to summon the department to try this way? Isn't that too cruel for students who are still in school?
就算要搞偏现实向的比试，好歹你们也提前说一句，或者在比赛中明明白白地说出来要求大家合作不好吗？
Even if you want to engage in a realistic competition, why don't you say it in advance, or say it clearly in the competition and ask everyone to cooperate?
有教授直接就跟友人抱怨了出来，还好他没忘记先布置一个结界，没让坐在附近的学生听到他在说什么。
A professor complained directly to his friend, but fortunately he didn't forget to set up an enchantment first, so that the students sitting nearby could not hear what he was saying.
他的老友拍拍他的肩膀，眼睛就没有从光幕上移开：“有变化了，别失望，你再看看学生反应，再看赛场。”
His old friend patted him on the shoulder, and his eyes did not take his eyes off the light curtain: "There is a change, don't be disappointed, you can see the students' reactions, and then look at the field." ”
嗯？该教授环视周围学生，发现好多学生都不再争吵和抱怨，全都紧紧盯着光幕，神色还十分激动。不过这个激动并不是坏的激动，大家明显双眼放光，有的不善于控制情绪的学生甚至激动得脸颊通红。
Well? The professor looked around at the students and saw that many of them were no longer arguing and complaining, and all of them were staring at the light curtain, looking very excited. However, this excitement is not a bad excitement, everyone's eyes are obviously bright, and some students who are not good at controlling their emotions even have red cheeks with excitement.
该教授目光转移到光幕上，就这么一小段时间，比赛现场发生了什么事？
The professor's gaze shifted to the light curtain, what happened at the competition site in such a short period of time?
比试现场，时间回到约十分钟前。 At the test site, the time returned to about 10 minutes ago.
王叶把打开土堡，两个小虫人拖着自己同伴自己飞了进去。
Wang Ye opened the earthen fort, and the two little insect men dragged their companions and flew in by themselves.
两个小虫人不住道谢，又很不好意思地问有没有治疗包。
The two little worms couldn't stop thanking each other, and were embarrassed to ask if there was a treatment kit.
“你们把人放下，别担心。现在麻烦你们先和自己的召唤虫沟通，和其他人的召唤物配合，让它们消灭你们带过来的活尸。狮平原，麻烦你指挥这场。”
"You put people down, don't worry. Now, please communicate with your own summon worm first, and cooperate with other people's summons, so that they can destroy the living corpses you have brought over. Lion Plains, please command this. ”
“好！”狮平原很自然地接过指挥任务，刚才开始，在小叶子休息时，就是他负责指挥。
"Good!" Shi Pingyuan naturally took over the command task, and just now, when Xiao Yezi was resting, he was in charge of commanding.
“好的好的。”被救进来的小虫人不好不听吩咐，哪怕他们现在已经累到极点。
"Okay, okay." The little insect people who were rescued were not good at not obeying orders, even if they were extremely tired now.
王叶调整呼吸，拉起二胡，【生生不息】群疗技能发动。
Wang Ye adjusted his breathing, pulled up the erhu, and the [Endless Life] group healing skill was activated.
在他达到玩家四十级时，【生生不息】就由单体治疗变成了可群疗，只是前面一直没有发挥的机会。
When he reached the player's level 40, [Endless Life] changed from a single heal to a group healer, but he never had the opportunity to play before.
群疗离不开因果武器，不像单体，还能靠直接接触来治疗。
Group therapy is inseparable from causal weapons, unlike individual bodies, which can also be treated by direct contact.
王叶把治疗对象主要对准那个被火烧伤的小虫人，那小虫人疼得浑身抽抽，可他很坚强，竟然还能保持清醒并没有发出什么声音。
Wang Ye mainly aimed the treatment object at the little insect man who was burned by the fire, and the little insect man was so painful that he was convulsing all over, but he was very strong, and he could still stay awake and not make any sound.
除了主体治疗小虫人，他还把技能扩散到土堡里其他人身上，有伤的治伤，没伤就相当于帮他们恢复一点体力和精神力。
In addition to the main body to heal the little bugmen, he also spread his skills to other people in the earthen fort, and if there are injuries, it is equivalent to helping them recover a little physical and mental strength.
两个累到极点的小虫人立刻就感觉到了不同，他们惊讶地看向王叶。
The two extremely tired little insect people immediately felt the difference, and they looked at Wang Ye in surprise.
梅雨雯忒骄傲地说：“我们小叶子不但攻击强，辅助也强。他就是我们的治疗者，连我们召唤来的宝宝都能治疗哦。”
Mei Yu Wente said proudly: "Our little leaves are not only strong in attack, but also strong in support. He's our healer, and he can even heal the babies we've summoned. ”
两个小虫人眼睛雪亮，齐刷刷转头看自己的同伴，果然就看到同伴身上的伤势在肉眼可见的恢复。
The eyes of the two little insect men were bright, and they turned their heads to look at their companions, and sure enough, they saw that the injuries on their companions were visibly recovering.
“啊，太感谢了！” "Ah, thank you so much!"
“不要走神！你们带来的这群活尸魔鸟可不好对付。让你们的虫子飞上去，吸引它们注意，最好把它们引到地面。高度越低越好！”狮平原指挥道。
"Don't get distracted! The group of living corpse demon birds you brought is not easy to deal with. Let your bugs fly up and get their attention, preferably to the ground. The lower the height, the better! Lion Plains commanded.
“好的，交给我们！”眼看同伴脱离危险，他们身上也有了新的力气和精神力，两个小虫人立刻打起精神和自己召唤来的虫群联系起来。
"Okay, leave it to us!" Seeing that their companions were out of danger, they also had new strength and mental power, and the two little bugmen immediately cheered up and connected with the swarm of insects they had summoned.
王叶也让留下来的部分浮游光虫悄默默地溜到那些活尸鸟身上，从它们的眼睛、耳孔里钻进大脑啃食。
Wang Ye also let some of the remaining planktonic light insects quietly sneak up on those living corpse birds, burrowing into their brains through their eyes and ear holes to eat.
就见这些原本气焰嚣张，追着小虫人跑得快走投无路的活尸魔鸟忽然一只接着一只从天空掉落。
I saw that these living corpse demon birds, who were originally arrogant and desperate to chase the little insect people, suddenly fell from the sky one after another.
已经熟悉这种情况的陨星兽人五人发出小小欢呼，让自家宝宝更加痛打落水狗。
The five Meteorite Orcs, who were already familiar with this situation, let out a small cheer, making their babies beat the water dogs even more.
小虫人们刚来，不清楚情况，但也知道他们就要脱离危险，也都更加鼓起了劲。
The bugs had just arrived, and they didn't know the situation, but they also knew that they were about to get out of danger, and they all cheered up even more.
终于，在大家合作下，这批活尸魔鸟被消灭得干干净净。
Finally, with everyone's cooperation, these living corpse demon birds were wiped out.
众人吁气，终于又干掉一波，可以稍微休息一下了。 Everyone exhaled, and finally killed another wave, and they could rest a little.
两个小虫人直接瘫到地上，他们累坏了，主要神经一直紧绷着。
The two little wormmen collapsed directly to the ground, they were exhausted, and their main nerves were tense all the time.
王叶又使用【自掘坟墓】把这些魔鸟的尸体埋入土地里。
Wang Ye also used [self-digging graves] to bury the corpses of these demon birds in the ground.
小虫人们看到自动翻滚的土壤，恍然：怪不得他们过来时见这里这么干净，原来有人打扫战场。
When the insects saw the self-tumbling soil, they suddenly wondered: no wonder they saw that this place was so clean when they came, it turned out that someone was cleaning the battlefield.
“是地底人族吗？”小虫人忍不住问。 "Is it an Underground Terran?" The little wormman couldn't help but ask.
王叶见被烧伤的虫人已经恢复，收起二胡，摇头。 Seeing that the burned insect man had recovered, Wang Ye put away his erhu and shook his head.
“是小叶子啦，都说他辅助很厉害啦。”兽人少年夸耀。
"It's Xiao Yezi, they all say that he is very good at assisting." The orc boy boasted.
三个小虫人再次向王叶和其他五人正式道谢。 The three little wormmen once again formally thanked Wang Ye and the other five.
王叶摆摆手，忽然问：“你们是不是能隐身？” Wang Ye waved his hand and suddenly asked, "Can you be invisible?" ”
他听虫老说过。 He'd heard the worm old say.
小虫人互看，领头的小虫人点头道：“是能，不过时间不能维持很长。”鳞粉会失效。
The little wormmen looked at each other, and the leading little wormman nodded: "Yes, but the time can't last long." "Scale powder will fail.
“大约多长时间？”王叶解释：“我不是想要打探你们的秘密，我只是需要了解大家各自的能力，好进行最佳战斗分配。”
"Approximately how long?" Wang Ye explained: "I don't want to find out your secrets, I just need to understand everyone's respective abilities so that I can make the best battle distribution." ”
小虫人忙道：“不算是秘密啦，如果没有强风、水泡和火烧的话，大约可以维持一个小时。”
The little insect man hurriedly said, "It's not a secret, if there is no strong wind, blisters and fire, it can last about an hour." ”
王叶沉吟片刻，抬头和其他人商量道：“离比赛结束大约还有一个半小时不到，但目前为止，出现的活尸都是我们还能对付的，按照我的估算，这些活尸的实力大约在一级到三级之间，四级的还没有出现。”
Wang Ye pondered for a moment, raised his head and discussed with the others: "There is still less than an hour and a half before the end of the game, but so far, the living corpses that have appeared are all we can still deal with, according to my estimate, the strength of these living corpses is about between the first and third levels, and the fourth level has not yet appeared." ”
狮平原眯眼：“不错，后面必然会出现更高级的活尸，四级，五级，甚至更高等级都有可能。小叶子，你是有什么想法吗？说吧。”
Shi Pingyuan squinted: "Yes, there will inevitably be more advanced living corpses in the future, level four, level five, or even higher levels are possible." Little leaf, do you have any ideas? Go ahead. ”
其他人也都表示小叶子有什么想法就直接说。 Everyone else also said that Xiao Yezi would say it directly if he had any ideas.
王叶很正经地说道：“我们没有药剂、卷轴、魔法阵、魔器等辅助，也没有专业的治疗者和辅助者，这就表示我们的续航能力会受到极大影响，现在虽然还没到我们的极限，但如果后面活尸不停歇地扑过来，或者出现更高级的活尸，只凭我们几个，只怕抵抗不了多长时间。”
Wang Ye said very seriously: "We don't have potions, scrolls, magic arrays, magic weapons and other assistance, and we don't have professional healers and auxiliaries, which means that our endurance will be greatly affected, although it has not reached our limit yet, but if the living corpses in the back keep pounced, or more advanced living corpses appear, only a few of us, I am afraid that we will not be able to resist for long." ”
小虫人忍不住道：“小叶子你是想找更多人组队吗？” The little insect man couldn't help but say, "Xiao Yezi, do you want to find more people to form a team?" ”
谁想这句话刚冒出来，就见除了小叶子的五个人齐刷刷摇头，更连声道：“不不不，不是组队，是互相援助，是共同求生。”
As soon as this sentence came out, he saw that the five people except Xiao Yezi shook their heads in unison, and said in unison: "No, no, no, it's not a team, it's about helping each other, it's about surviving together." ”
王叶正儿八经地点头：“没错，不是组队。我就是想找大家一起玩。”
Wang Ye Zheng'er nodded: "That's right, it's not a team." I just want to have fun with everyone. ”
“对对对，我们想找人一起玩打活尸游戏。”几个人一起哈哈笑起来。
"Yes, yes, we want to find someone to play a game of fighting the living corpse together." Several people laughed together.
小虫人们也被这个轻松的氛围逗笑了，有个活泼的小虫人还拍小手道：“好啊，一起玩！那你们接下来要找谁呢？”
The little bug people were also amused by this relaxed atmosphere, and one of the lively little bug people clapped their hands and said, "Okay, let's play together!" So who are you looking for next? ”
“不是你们，是我们，我们现在就是一伙的。”王叶接口：“下面就要麻烦你们了，请你们以隐身状态设法接近地底人族，看能不能把他们邀请过来和我们一起玩耍。”
"It's not you, it's us, we're in the same group now." Wang Ye: "I'm going to trouble you now, please try to get close to the underground human race in a stealthy state, and see if you can invite them over to play with us." ”
王叶听说虫人族和地底人族关系还挺好的。 Wang Ye heard that the relationship between the Zerg Race and the Underground Terran was quite good.
最主要的是他看到刚才的活尸魔鸟后就知道他们这座土堡不可能坚持太久，他们还需要一个地面甚至地底堡垒，方便他们随时转移。
The most important thing was that after he saw the living corpse demon bird just now, he knew that it was impossible for them to hold out for too long in this earthen fort, and they also needed a ground or even underground fortress to facilitate their transfer at any time.
而地底人善于挖洞，如果他们能快速建设一座更坚固的堡垒，并请地底人族在地底下挖通地道，那么可以使用的作战方法就更多，安全度也会更高。
The Underground people are good at digging holes, and if they can quickly build a stronger fortress and ask the Underground Terrans to dig tunnels underground, then they can use more combat methods and be more secure.
更不用说地底人族还很擅长对付老鼠。他刚才可是看到不少活尸老鼠跑过去。
Not to mention that the Terrans are also very good at dealing with rats. He had just seen a lot of living rats running over.
小虫人拍胸脯，他们巴不得能帮忙，何况是这种拉小伙伴入伙的好玩游戏，这可比让他们面对活尸杀活尸有意思多了。
The little insect people patted their chests, they wished they could help, not to mention this kind of good game of pulling friends into the gang, which was much more interesting than letting them face the living corpses and kill the living corpses.
“如果你们途中看到有人撑不下去，也可以带他们到我们这里，但要求他们必须听我们的指挥，游戏总要有规则才能玩得起来，对吧？”王叶补充。
"If you see someone on the way who can't hold on, you can take them to us, but they must follow our commands, and the game must have rules to play, right?" Wang Ye added.
“没问题。小百伤势刚好，留下来休息，我和绿绿一起去找人。”
"No problem. Xiaobai's injuries are just right, so stay and rest, and I will go with Lulu to find someone. ”
“路上小心，如果遇到危险，立刻回来。” "Be careful on the road, and if you encounter danger, come back immediately."
“好！”小虫人感动，休息一会儿，恢复了一定体力，就出发了。
"Good!" The little insect man was moved, rested for a while, recovered a certain amount of strength, and set off.
狮平原和另外两名兽人少年互看，三人像是决定了什么，对小叶子道：“我们想去找找战兽魔法学校的学生，虽然我们两座学校关系挺复杂的，但我们都在北大陆生活，我们兽人有好些也在那座学校上学。也许他们并不需要我们帮忙，但是……”
Shi Pingyuan and the other two orc teenagers looked at each other, the three of them seemed to have decided something, and said to Xiao Yezi: "We want to find the students of the War Beast Magic School, although the relationship between our two schools is quite complicated, but we both live in the Northern Continent, and many of our orcs also study in that school." Maybe they don't need our help, but ......"
“那就去找，问问看，愿意过来就过来，不愿意就拉倒。还是那句话，过来的话，必须遵守我们的游戏规则，接受我们的指挥。”王叶无所谓道。
"Then go and look for it, ask for it, come over if you want to, and pull it down if you don't want to. Again, if you come over, you must abide by our rules of the game and accept our command. Wang Ye didn't care.
“好！我去找他们。你们俩留下。”狮平原叮嘱同学，从土堡里出去，骑在一头火焰狮身上，就快速跑了，他有独特的寻找战兽学校学生的方法。
"Good! I'll go find them. You two stay. Lion Plains told his classmates to get out of the earthen fort, ride on a flaming lion, and run away, he has a unique way of finding the students of the War Beast School.
王叶见此，索性也问了梅雨雯和另一名陨星学生：“我们学校有什么关系好的友校吗？或者你们俩有认识的朋友吗？也可以拉过来，只要他们愿意。”
Seeing this, Wang Ye simply asked Mei Yuwen and another Meteorite student: "Do you have any friendly schools in our school that have a good relationship?" Or do you two have friends you know? It can also be pulled over as long as they wish. ”
梅雨雯思索：“我们学校和东泉关系挺好的。” Mei Yuwen pondered: "The relationship between our school and Dongquan is very good. ”
另外一名学生则迟疑道：“我认识一个西顿的学生，算不上朋友，只能说点头之交。”
Another student hesitated: "I know a student from Sidon, who is not a friend, but can only be said to be a nodding friend." ”
王叶：“那就去找呗，不过你们不要一起出去，太危险了，等小虫人和狮平原回来，你们再轮流出去。说不定他们沿途就把你们认识的人带回来了。”
Wang Ye: "Then go and find it, but don't go out together, it's too dangerous, and when the little insect man and the lion plain come back, you will take turns to go out." Maybe they'll bring back someone you know along the way. ”
“希望如此吧。”陨星男生笑。 "I hope so." The Falling Star boy laughed.
“啊！”梅雨雯忽然捂住胸口：“我现在是既希望能多一些人过来，又怕这些人过来闹得不愉快。好纠结啊！”
"Ahh Mei Yuwen suddenly covered her chest: "I hope that more people will come over now, but I am afraid that these people will come and make trouble unpleasantly." It's so tangled! ”
王叶丝毫不在意地道：“谁闹，就把谁扔出去。我们又不欠他们的。”
Wang Ye said nonchalantly: "Whoever makes trouble, throw him out." We owe them nothing. ”
梅雨雯听了王叶这句超级霸气的话，突然就放心了。对啊，不听他们的，就让那些人离开，他们小叶子好心好意想要带着大家一起玩……呸，是一起战斗，又不是非要带着他们不可，爱来不来！
Mei Yuwen listened to Wang Ye's super domineering words, and suddenly felt relieved. That's right, if you don't listen to them, let those people leave, they Xiaoyezi kindly want to take everyone to play together...... Phew, it's a fight together, and you don't have to take them with you, love doesn't come!
小虫人和两个兽人男孩也跟着点头，他们现在就是一伙的，谁来捣乱就是跟他们所有人作对！
The little worm man and the two orc boys also nodded, they are now in a gang, and whoever makes trouble will be against all of them!
而跑出去的两个小虫人在找寻地底人的时候，并不知道地底人族和巨人学生以及海族学生在一起，所以找到地底人族学生时，连同三个巨人学生和三个海族学生也一起找到了。
And when the two little bugmen who ran out were looking for the underground, they didn't know that the underworld people were with the giant students and the sea tribe students, so when they found the underground human students, they also found the three giant students and the three sea tribe students.
小虫人们找过来时，这三族参赛者正遇到了大麻烦。 When the buggers came looking for them, the contestants of the three clans were in big trouble.
因为这片水域，他们暂时无法移动，结果这个临时的安全岛竟然成了一个靶子。搞得他们不但得和不断冒出来的活尸打，还得和想要抢夺安全岛的参赛者打。
Because of this water, they were temporarily unable to move, and as a result, this temporary safe island turned out to be a target. As a result, they not only have to fight with the living corpses that keep popping up, but also with the contestants who want to rob the island.
原本三族联手搞出这么一个安全岛，是为了可以轮休休息用，结果自这个小片水域和安全岛出现后，他们就再也没有休息的时候。
Originally, the three clans joined forces to create such a safe island so that they could take turns to rest, but since this small area of water and the safety island appeared, they never had time to rest.
连续一个多小时的战斗，把九个参赛者的精力都耗光了。
The continuous battle for more than an hour drained the energy of all nine contestants.
他们已经努力轮流休息，但根本休息不了多长时间。 They have tried to take turns resting, but they simply don't have to rest for long.
更让他们头疼的是，那些参赛者变成活尸后，都盯着他们打。他们不但会放魔法，还会放召唤物。
What made them even more troublesome was that after those contestants turned into living corpses, they all stared at them and beat them. Not only do they cast magic, but they also cast summons.
活尸，加想要抢夺安全岛的学生，这么多敌人一起攻打他们，还是车轮战。
Living corpses, plus students who want to snatch the island, so many enemies attack them together, or wheel warfare.
三族学生再也支撑不下去。 The students of the three ethnic groups can no longer support it.
海族参赛生决定撤离这个地方，巨人学生和地底人学生都同意了。
The Sea Clan students decided to evacuate the place, and both the Giant and Underground students agreed.
海族生要走也不会把这地方便宜其他人，就把那片水域的水都收起来了。
If the sea tribe wants to leave, they will not make this place cheaper, so they will put away all the water in that water.
谁想就在这时，天空突然飞过来大群活尸魔鸟，它们能喷吐腐蚀液。
Who would have thought that at this moment, a large group of living corpse demon birds suddenly flew over from the sky, and they could spit corrosive liquid.
巨人受伤了。偏偏现场的治疗者已经全部消失，都撤回了荆棘墙那边。
The giant was wounded. However, all the healers on the scene have disappeared and retreated to the side of the thorn wall.
海族也被参赛者变成的活尸偷袭，有一名海族即将转变成活尸。
The Sea Clan is also attacked by the living corpses that the contestants have turned into, and one of the Sea Clans is about to turn into a living corpse.
地底人学生大急，他们只来得及把另外两名精疲力尽的海族学生和受伤的一起，救到地下。
The underground students were in a hurry, and they only had time to rescue the other two exhausted Sea Clan students and the injured ones underground.
但巨人的身体太高大了，地底人学生根本来不及挖出能容纳他们的通道。
But the giant's body was too tall for the underground students to dig a passage that would hold them.
眼看巨人学生危险，地底人族勉强跑出来想要救人，可他们那么瘦小，眼睛视力还不好，对地面的战斗根本不在行，更别说应付来自空中的袭击。
Seeing that the giant students were in danger, the underground Terrans reluctantly ran out to save people, but they were so thin and had poor eyesight, and they were not good at fighting on the ground, let alone dealing with attacks from the air.
但地底人族也有自己的绝招，他们召唤出了大量蘑菇人。
But the Terrans also have their own tricks, and they have summoned a large number of mushroom people.
这些蘑菇人喷出大量孢子，这些孢子只要落到生物身上，就会吸收它们的能量成长。
These mushroom people spew out a large number of spores, and as soon as these spores fall on living beings, they absorb their energy and grow.
而这些能量会都反馈到地底人身上，这也是地底人能坚持战斗到现在还有余力的缘故。
And this energy will be fed back to the underground people, which is also the reason why the underground people can persist in fighting until now.
可那些活尸魔鸟喷出的腐蚀液对蘑菇人也有极大伤害作用。
But the corrosive liquid spewed out by those living corpse demon birds also had a great damage effect on the mushroom people.
更让地底人学生气愤的是，原本想要抢夺安全道的参赛者见洼地里的水消失，安全岛已经不是安全岛，竟然转头就跑，跑就跑了，还有人对他们释放火焰魔法，像是在故意发泄怒气一样，又像是阻拦他们逃跑，想要利用他们来拖住那些活尸魔鸟和大群活死人。
What made the underground students even more angry was that the contestants who originally wanted to snatch the safety path saw that the water in the depression disappeared, and the safety island was no longer a safety island, so they turned around and ran, and some people released fire magic on them, as if they were deliberately venting their anger, and as if they were preventing them from escaping, wanting to use them to drag those living corpse demon birds and a large group of living dead.
小虫人就是在这时候冒了出来：“我是虫人学校参赛者杉杉，小叶子兵团的联络者，你们要加入我们吗？不是组队，是一起玩打活尸游戏。”
It was at this time that the little wormman came out: "I am Shanshan, a contestant of the Wormman School, the liaison of the Little Leaf Corps, do you want to join us?" It's not a team, it's a game of fighting the living corpse together. ”
小叶子兵团什么的，完全是小虫人随口编出来的，他觉得这样说比较威风也比较正式。
The Little Leaf Corps or something, it was completely made up casually by the little insect man, and he felt that it was more majestic and formal to say so.
场外观众们：“哈哈哈，小叶子兵团，好可爱啊，我也想加入~”
The audience outside the venue: "Hahaha, Xiaoye Corps, so cute, I want to join too~"
地底人学校的学生都在喊：“加入啊！快点答应啊！” The students of the Underground Man School are shouting, "Join! Say yes quickly! ”
海族和巨人族学生也在喊：“快快快，一起加入小叶子兵团，和小叶子一起玩啊！”
The students of the Sea Clan and the Giant Clan are also shouting: "Hurry up, join the Little Leaf Corps together, and play with Little Leaf!" ”
比试现场，被打招呼的地底人学生哭笑不得地吼：“就算我们想加入，可现在我们怎么脱离？你没看到我们被围攻了吗？”
At the competition site, the underground students who were greeted cried and laughed: "Even if we want to join, how can we get out now?" Don't you see that we are under siege? ”
小虫人杉杉一咬牙：“现在就看巨人的兄弟们能不能牺牲自己了，只要他们抱起你们一起跑，我们尽快赶到堡垒那边，有人会治疗巨人兄弟！”
The little insect man Shanshan gritted his teeth: "Now it depends on whether the giant's brothers can sacrifice themselves, as long as they pick you up and run together, we will rush to the fortress as soon as possible, someone will treat the giant brothers!" ”
地底人族还没说话，旁边就传来了巨人的大喉咙声：“你说真的？你们那里有治疗者？”
Before the underground terrans could speak, a giant's big throat voice came from the side: "Are you serious? Do you have healers there? ”
“有！你知道小叶子吗？就是陨星的那个……” "Yes! Do you know small leaves? It's the ...... of the meteorite."
“我知道，他下面条很好吃，我吃过哦。”那个说话的巨人学生竟然很高兴地说道。
"I know, he's got a delicious pastry, I've eaten it." The giant student who spoke said happily.
“小叶子会治疗，你们到底要不要跟我们走？”小虫人喊。
"Xiao Yezi will heal, do you want to come with us?" The little bugman shouted.
“对哦，小叶子会治疗，他第一场比试……” "That's right, Xiao Yezi will heal, his first competition ......"
“好了，别说了！就这么决定，我们走！”身材最高的巨人一把抄起身边的海族学生和地底人学生，塞到同伴怀里，用力一推他们：“你们跟着小虫人走！我掩护，快！”
"Alright, don't say it! So decided, let's go! The tallest giant picked up the Sea Clan students and underground people students around him, stuffed them into his companions' arms, and pushed them hard: "You follow the little wormmen!" I'm covering, quick! ”
另外两名巨人啥都不说了，这时候争抢谁来做掩护者毫无意义，争分夺秒吧！
The other two giants don't say anything, at this time there is no point in arguing over who will be the coverer, race against time!
海族学生和地底人学生这时候也顾不上矫情，主动爬到巨人学生的身上。
The Sea Clan students and the underground people students didn't care about hypocrisy at this time, and took the initiative to climb on top of the giant students.
两名小虫人各自露出一只手，“这边，跟着我们跑！” The two little wormmen each showed a hand, "This way, follow us!" ”
小虫人在前面飞，两名巨人就抱着背着海族学生和地底人学生在后面狂跑。
The little insect man flew in front, and the two giants ran wildly behind with the sea clan students and the underground people students on their backs.
最后是身材最高大的那名巨人学生在为大家断后，他爆吼着，不断挥舞粗大的石棒，打飞那些妄图跟上他们的活尸，还有天上的活尸魔鸟。
Finally, the tallest giant student roared after everyone was broken, and he kept waving his thick stone stick, flying away the living corpses that tried to keep up with them, as well as the living corpse demon birds in the sky.
但他无法躲过那些活尸魔鸟喷下来的腐蚀液。 But he couldn't escape the corrosive fluid sprayed by the living corpse birds.
皮肉被腐蚀的痛苦让他不断低吼，但他没有停下脚步，也没有停止攻击。
The pain of his flesh being corroded made him growl, but he didn't stop or attack.
而那两名负责带着人跑的巨人学生身上也被天空落下的腐蚀液沾到，但他们尽全力用自己的胳膊和胸膛甚至自己的头颅去护住怀中的海族和地底人。
The two giant students who were responsible for running with people were also stained with the corrosive liquid falling from the sky, but they did their best to protect the sea clan and the underworld people in their arms with their arms, chests, and even their own heads.
被巨人保护的海族和地底人也在尽全力施展天赋魔法，用水流、用蘑菇去保护巨人，哪怕自己受伤也在所不惜。
The sea tribes and underworld people who are protected by the giants are also doing their best to use their natural magic, using water streams and mushrooms to protect the giants, even if they are injured.
海族恨啊，为什么战场不是在海里，否则他们就可以召唤来海中魔兽一起战斗，也有更多水资源给他们利用。
The Sea Clan hates, why isn't the battlefield in the sea, otherwise they can summon the demonic beasts in the sea to fight together, and there are more water resources for them to use.
小虫人扭头看到巨人学生的模样，哇的一声哭出来，他是提议者，但现在他后悔了。可事已至此，只能拼了！
The little bug-man turned his head to see the appearance of the giant student, and cried out with a wow, he was the proposer, but now he regretted it. But this is the end of the matter, I can only fight!
杉杉对绿绿喊：“你带路，我先飞回去，看看小叶子他们有没有办法支援。”
Shanshan shouted to Lulu: "You lead the way, I'll fly back first, and see if Xiaoyezi has any way to support." ”
“好！你快去！” "Good! You go! ”
杉杉咬牙压榨自己的体能，小翅膀舞动得飞快，疯了一样往回飞。
观众席，虫人族学校的学生们不住喊：“杉杉！飞啊，快飞啊！”
巨人学校的学生更是激动万分，一起站起来疯狂大吼，拼命捶打自己的胸膛：“兄弟们！好样的！冲啊！”
The students of the Giant School were even more excited, standing up together and yelling wildly, beating their chests desperately: "Brothers! Attaboy! Come on! ”
海族和地底人族热泪盈眶，也跟着站起来嘶声大吼：“好兄弟！一辈子！”
The Sea Clan and the Underground Terran burst into tears, and they also stood up and shouted, "Good brother! Lifetime! ”
全场气氛高昂，多少学生看得泪流满面，不住为巨人学生鼓劲，更拼命鼓掌。
The atmosphere of the audience was high, and many students burst into tears when they saw it, and they couldn't stop cheering for the giant students, and applauded even more desperately.
“再跑快点！坚持就是胜利！” "Run faster! Persistence is victory! ”
“呜哇！谁来帮帮他们，求求你们谁都好，帮帮他们吧！”感情脆弱的女生们崩溃大哭。
"Wow! Whoever is going to help them, please all of you, help them! The emotionally fragile girls broke down and cried.
现场，一名海族学生眼见保护他们的巨人学生身体都被腐蚀出了骨头，那张稚嫩的脸疼得青筋暴起却没有发出半点声音，眼泪止不住地滑落。
At the scene, a sea clan student saw that the giant student who protected them was corroded out of the bones, and his immature face was so painful that his muscles burst out but he didn't make a sound, and his tears couldn't stop falling.
该海族学生一咬牙，咬破自己的手腕，开始念召唤咒语。
The Sea Clan student gritted his teeth, cracked his wrist, and began to chant the summoning spell.
一条美丽至极的人鱼突然出现在半空。 A mermaid of the utmost beauty suddenly appeared in mid-air.
那名人鱼手一挥，大量水珠飞向那些活尸魔鸟。 With a wave of his hand, a large number of water droplets flew towards those living corpse demon birds.
挨到水珠的活尸魔鸟竟然在转瞬间就变成碎肉，纷纷从天空掉落。
The living corpse demon birds that were hit by the water droplets turned into minced meat in an instant, and they fell from the sky one after another.
人鱼缓缓张口，极度优美、无法用言语形容的人鱼之歌在空中响起。
The mermaid slowly opened its mouth, and the song of the mermaid, which was extremely beautiful and indescribable, sounded in the air.
明明没有灵魂，可所有活死人包括在天空飞翔的活尸魔鸟，它们就像是受到了某种干扰，步伐和翅膀扇动速度全都变慢。
Obviously there were no souls, but all the living dead, including the living corpse demon birds flying in the sky, seemed to be disturbed in some way, and their pace and wings flapped all slowed down.
活死人停下了脚步，像是失去了目标。 The living dead stopped, as if they had lost their purpose.
活尸魔鸟在天空乱飞一气，还撞到一起。 The living corpse demon birds flew around in the sky and collided with each other.
可人鱼连一首歌都没有唱完，似乎几眨眼的工夫，他就从半空中消失。
But the mermaid didn't even finish a song, and it seemed that in the blink of an eye, he disappeared from mid-air.
而那名海族学生已经脸色青白地晕倒在巨人学生怀里。 And the Sea Clan student had already fainted in the arms of the giant student with a pale face.
他的同伴焦急无比更悔恨无比。 His companion was anxious and remorseful.
场外海族学校的学生看到这名海族竟然召唤出了人鱼，个个吃惊地睁大了眼睛。
The students of the Sea Clan School outside the venue all widened their eyes in surprise when they saw that this Sea Clan had summoned a mermaid.
人鱼，那可是传说中的海族王者！ Mermaid, that's the legendary King of the Sea Clan!
海族的大佬们在心中叹息：这孩子太莽了，竟然就这么把绝招使出来了，也不管会不会伤害到自己的根本。
The bigwigs of the Sea Clan sighed in their hearts: This kid is too reckless, and he actually used his trick like this, regardless of whether it will hurt his roots.
不过这孩子这么做，他们也能理解，换了他们，也会这么做的吧。
But this kid does this, they can understand, and if they were replaced, they would do the same.
虽然傻，却是个好孩子，就和地底人族和巨人族的那几个孩子们，还有陨星的小叶子一样！
Although stupid, he is a good boy, just like the children of the underground human race and the giant race, and the little leaf of the meteorite!
第207章 小叶子兵团 Chapter 207: Little Leaf Corps
人鱼消散。 The merfolk dissipate.
活尸魔鸟和活尸魔兽以及活死人们又再度“清醒”过来，它们追逐着生灵的气息，疯狂扑向正在下方奔跑的学生们。
The Living Corpse Birds and Beasts, as well as the Living Dead, were "awake" again, chasing the breath of the living creatures and frantically pounced on the students who were running below.
负责断后的巨人学生见此情形，面容狰狞，他似乎做下了什么决定，猛然吸气！
Seeing this, the giant student in charge of the broken queen had a hideous face, and he seemed to have made some decision, and he inhaled suddenly!
场外观众席上的巨人大佬陡然爆喝一声站了起来：这小子疯了吗？不过一场比赛，他竟然想……
The giant boss in the audience outside the arena suddenly stood up with a loud shout: Is this kid crazy? But in one game, he actually wanted to......
千钧一发之际，丝丝缕缕的低哑琴音突然响起。 At the last moment, the wisps of low mute piano sound suddenly sounded.
伴随着琴音，是少年们的大喊声：“我们来了！” Accompanied by the sound of the piano, the teenagers shouted: "We are coming!" ”
所有扑向巨人等学生的活尸就在这一瞬间，像是被什么拉扯住，竟硬生生地全都停顿了一下。
All the living corpses that pounced on the giant and other students stopped at this moment, as if they were being pulled by something.
这一停顿，这些活尸就再也挣脱不开因果线的束缚。 With this pause, these living corpses can no longer break free from the shackles of the causal line.
大量浮游光虫飞到，它们钻入活尸的脑袋，大啃特啃。 A large number of planktonic light insects flew in, and they burrowed into the heads of living corpses and gnawed on them.
“左边，狮平原！” "Left, Lion Plains!"
“右边，梅雨雯！” "On the right, Mei Yuwen!"
“交给我们！” "Leave it to us!"
明明赶来的只有十几个人，却带着他们的召唤宝宝一起，杀出了百人的气势。
Obviously, there were only a dozen people who came, but with their summoned babies, they killed the momentum of hundreds of people.
“来了，救援来了！”场外观众席上，各校学生纷纷大喊，又蹦又跳，还有人兴奋地抱到一起，更有人忍不住用力挥手，恨不得自己也是救援队中的一员。
"Here, rescue is coming!" In the audience outside the venue, students from various schools shouted, jumped and jumped, some hugged each other excitedly, and some couldn't help but wave their hands vigorously, wishing that they were also a member of the rescue team.
这时候没人管是不是自己学校的学生，他们只希望能有人来帮助这些英雄。
At this time, no one cares if they are students from their own school or not, they just hope that someone will help these heroes.
各校大佬看着现场又重新“活”起来的气氛，也都暗暗松了口气。没搞成种族仇恨就好，天知道他们刚才都担心死了。
The bigwigs of all schools also secretly breathed a sigh of relief when they saw the atmosphere of the scene being "lively" again. It's good that it didn't turn out to be racial hatred, God knows they were all worried about death just now.
巨人、地底人和海族学生看到救援终于来到，整个人都脱力了，但他们知道这时候还不能倒下。
The giants, the underground, and the Sea Clan students were all disarmed when they saw that help had finally arrived, but they knew that they couldn't fall down at this time.
小虫人杉杉飞过来，冲着他们喊道：“跟我来！不用管后面。”
Shanshan, the little insect man, flew over and shouted at them, "Follow me!" Don't worry about the back. ”
巨人们忍耐着伤势疼痛，榨干身体中最后的力量，跟着杉杉往南边跑。
The giants endured the pain of their injuries, squeezed the last strength out of their bodies, and followed Shanshan to the south.
一名胖乎乎的学生气喘吁吁地跟着他们跑，一边跑一边喊：“雾灵，帮忙笼罩住我们~”
A chubby student ran after them out of breath, shouting as he ran: "Fog Spirit, help envelop us~"
一抹雾气在空中出现，几秒后，雾气扩展，笼罩住了奔跑中的所有人。
A streak of mist appeared in the air, and after a few seconds, the mist expanded, enveloping everyone on the run.
胖乎乎的学生快要跑不动了，两只小虫人飞过来，一左一右架住他的臂膀，鼓励他：“坚持住！我们带你一起跑。”
The chubby student was about to run anymore, when two little bugmen flew over, grabbed his arms one on the left and one on the right, and encouraged him: "Hold on!" We'll take you on a run. ”
“所有人准备脱离，注意听我报数！”王叶站在一株矮树的树梢上，眼看雾气笼罩着众人逐渐远离，陡然一声大喊：“三、二、一！跑！”
"Everyone is ready to leave, pay attention to listen to my count!" Wang Ye stood on the treetop of a low tree, seeing the mist enveloping everyone and gradually moving away, he suddenly shouted: "Three, two, one!" Run! ”
所有正在攻击活尸的学生毫不犹豫地转头就跑，包括他们的召唤宝宝也一样。
All the students who were attacking the living corpses did not hesitate to turn their heads and run, including their summoned babies.
王叶第一次使出了六级的能量，二胡琴音拉到极致，因果线一条条缠住所有活尸。
For the first time, Wang Ye used the energy of the sixth level, and the erhu qin sound was pulled to the extreme, and the causal lines entangled all the living corpses one by one.
一秒，两秒，三秒…… One second, two seconds, three seconds......
所有学生都跑出了生死时速的速度！ All the students ran at a speed of life and death!
当所有人跑进那雾气中，王叶琴音一转，【象齿焚身】火焰群攻发动，上千活尸身上都自燃般冒出熊熊火焰。
When everyone ran into the mist, Wang Yeqin's voice turned, and the [Ivory Burning Body] flame group attack was launched, and thousands of living corpses spontaneously burst into flames.
“哇！”场外观众不少人发出惊呼声。这招好厉害！ "Wow!" Many people in the audience outside the venue exclaimed. That's a great trick!
大招一放，王叶顿感身体空虚，幸好小光和浮游光虫群吞噬的能量可以转移到他身上，这才没让他当场脱力。
As soon as the big move was released, Wang Ye suddenly felt that his body was empty, but fortunately, the energy devoured by Xiaoguang and the floating light insect swarm could be transferred to him, which did not let him lose his strength on the spot.
虽然没脱力，王叶也不敢留在现场一个人对付这么多活尸。没见后面还有活尸往这里跑吗！
Although he didn't lose his strength, Wang Ye didn't dare to stay at the scene and deal with so many living corpses alone. Didn't you see a living corpse running here behind you?
王叶运转轻功追上雾气，也钻了进去。 Wang Ye ran lightly to catch up with the mist and also got in.
这雾气和普通雾气不同，不但能根据雾气浓度遮挡视线，还能完美隔绝气息。
This fog is different from ordinary fog, not only can it block the view according to the concentration of the fog, but it can also perfectly isolate the breath.
能放雾灵的小胖子是狮平原带回来的。 The little fat man who can release the fog spirit was brought back by the Lion Plains.
狮平原去找战兽学校的学生，不但把那几个捞回来，还顺便捞回了和战兽学校学生待在一起的其他几个学生，小胖子就是其中之一。
Lion Plains went to find the students of the War Beast School, and not only fished back those few, but also fished back several other students who stayed with the students of the War Beast School by the way, and the little fat man was one of them.
他们刚到土堡，求救的小虫人就到了。 As soon as they arrived at the earthen fort, the little wormman who asked for help arrived.
所有人一致同意过去救援。王叶先帮助那小胖子恢复体力和精神力，随后就带着人杀了过来。
All agreed to go to the rescue. Wang Ye first helped the little fat man recover his physical and mental strength, and then led someone to kill him.
众人一路跑，来到了那个悬空土堡边。 Everyone ran all the way to the hanging earth fort.
雾气散去，小胖子脸色苍白，雾灵是很厉害，但他召唤的时间不能太长，雾灵非常吃他的能量和精神力。
The mist dissipated, the little fat man's face was pale, the fog spirit was very powerful, but he couldn't summon it for too long, the fog spirit ate his energy and spiritual power very much.
王叶停下脚步，忽然发现这人数是不是多了一些？ Wang Ye stopped, and suddenly found that there were more people?
有些学生眼神躲闪，他们是途中看到有人往雾气中跑，眼见活尸又没有攻击雾气中的人，就跟着跑了进来。
Some of the students dodged their eyes, they saw someone running into the fog on the way, and when they saw that the living corpse did not attack the person in the fog, they ran in.
王叶没管这些人，小虫人已经焦急地飞过来，冲着他喊：“小叶子，你快看看巨人学生，他们伤得好重。”
Wang Ye didn't care about these people, the little insect man had already flew over anxiously and shouted at him: "Little Yezi, look at the giant students, they are so badly injured." ”
王叶走到巨人学生身边，这三名巨人学生伤得都很重，年龄最小的那个躺在地上就起不来了，个头最高的那个简直跟被人浇了强硫酸一样，整个人情况糟糕无比。另外一个巨人学生已经昏迷过去。
Wang Ye walked to the giant students, the three giant students were all seriously injured, the youngest one couldn't get up when he lay on the ground, and the tallest one was like being doused with strong sulfuric acid, and the whole person was in a terrible condition. Another giant student has passed out.
地底人学生正在照顾他们，可他们没有药物，又不会治疗魔法，急得他们满头汗。
The Underground students were taking care of them, but they didn't have any medicine or magic, so they were sweating in a hurry.
海族情况也不太好，一人转变成了活尸，被同伴绑起来。而那名召唤出人鱼的学生则同样陷入昏迷。仅剩下的那名海族学生哪怕自己已经筋疲力尽，仍旧挤出最后的能量召唤来海水包裹住昏迷的同伴。
The situation of the Sea Clan was not very good, and one person was transformed into a living corpse and tied up by his companions. The student who summoned the merfolk also fell into a coma. Even though he was exhausted, the remaining Sea Clan student still squeezed out the last of his energy to summon the sea water to envelop his unconscious companion.
“稍等，我恢复一下能量。狮平原，这里先交给你。”王叶一屁股坐下。
"Wait a minute, I'll regain my energy. Lion Plains, I'll leave it to you first. Wang Ye sat down.
狮平原点头，对众学生道：“我们需要在这里建造一座简单的防御工事，你们看到后面那条通道没有，通道尽头有一个山洞，但很小，我们要做的就是扩大这个山洞，让大家能进去轮流休息。”
Shi Pingyuan nodded and said to the students: "We need to build a simple fortification here, you see that there is no passage behind, there is a cave at the end of the passage, but it is small, what we need to do is to expand this cave, so that everyone can go in and take turns to rest." ”
地底人族擅长挖洞，当即表示他们可以帮忙。 Terrans are good at digging holes, and they immediately said they could help.
狮平原又找了两个土系魔法还不错的参赛生，请他们一起帮忙，尽快扩大并加固那个山洞。
Lion Plains found two more contestants who were good at earth-based magic, and asked them to help expand and strengthen the cave as soon as possible.
地底人学生先进入山洞探路，他们需要判断往哪里挖、怎么挖最事半功倍还安全。
Underground students first enter the cave to explore the way, and they need to determine where to dig and how to dig the most effective and safe.
也许前面大家的运气都太糟糕了，终于否极泰来？ Maybe everyone's luck in front of them is too bad, and finally Ji Tai comes?
地底人学生刚进去山洞没多久，就高兴地跑出来喊道：“里面的洞很大，我们不需要挖很多，只要把洞口和一段过道挖大就可以。”
Not long after the underground students entered the cave, they happily ran out and shouted, "The hole inside is very big, we don't need to dig a lot, just dig the hole and a passage wide." ”
十几名学生发出小小欢呼，大家都累惨了，都想要一个能坚持时间长一点的休息点。
A dozen students let out a small cheer, everyone was tired and wanted a break that would last a little longer.
没有人在这时候说什么比赛还有一个小时，何必费工夫搞什么休息点的风凉话。
No one said at this time that there was still an hour left in the game, so why bother to make some cool talk about the rest point.
有的学生跟着狮平原他们负责戒备和在附近防守巡逻，有的学生因为伤势比较重，就厚着脸皮也去找王小叶疗伤。
Some students followed the Lion Plains, they were responsible for guarding and patrolling nearby, and some students were cheeky because their injuries were more serious, so they cheekily went to Wang Xiaoye to heal their injuries.
剩下的学生都去加入了扩大洞口和通道的工作中。 The rest of the students went to join in the work of widening the openings and passages.
“活尸往这边来了！”飞到空中的战兽学校学生报警。 "The living corpses are coming this way!" The students of the War Beast School who flew into the air called the police.
王叶正在对三名巨人学生施展【生生不息】治疗术。 Wang Ye was performing the [Endless Living] healing technique on the three giant students.
狮平原让小胖子再度用雾气笼罩住所有伤者和负责治疗的小叶子，他则率领其他学生主动迎上了那些活尸。他必须逼迫那些活尸改道，最起码也要拖住它们一会儿。
Lion Plains asked the little fat man to cover all the injured and the little leaf who was in charge of healing with the mist again, and he led the other students to take the initiative to meet the living corpses. He had to force the living corpses to reroute, at least for a while.
浮游光虫飞起来，王小叶太耗能量了，它们得多多吃才能喂饱这家伙！
Planktonic light insects fly, Wang Xiaoye consumes too much energy, they have to eat more to feed this guy!
王叶也没办法，三名巨人受伤太严重，包括那名昏迷的海族学生。
Wang Ye couldn't help it, the three giants were too seriously injured, including the unconscious Sea Clan student.
那海族学生也不知发了什么大招，竟然消耗到油尽灯枯，他不想留着这么一个拖累，只能多给对方补充能量，希望对方赶紧醒来也能形成一个战斗力。
The Sea Clan student didn't know what kind of big move he made, and he actually consumed the oil until the lamp dried up, he didn't want to keep such a drag, so he could only replenish the other party's energy, hoping that the other party would wake up quickly and form a combat power.
而三名巨人和那名海族学生这次也算是因祸得福？ And the three giants and the Sea Clan student are also a blessing in disguise this time?
他们醒来后感觉自己的能力似乎又提高了一些，那海族学生和身材最高大的巨人学生甚至隐隐感到他们即将突破到更高等级。
When they woke up, they felt that their abilities seemed to have improved a bit, and the Sea Clan students and the tallest giant students even had a faint feeling that they were about to break through to a higher level.
三名巨人学生向王叶诚挚道谢，脸庞最稚嫩的家伙还憨憨地道：“小叶子，我昨天就想找你了，原来你是女孩子啊。还有，你以后还卖不卖面条，那面条真好吃啊。啊，我好饿。”
The three giant students sincerely thanked Wang Ye, and the guy with the most immature face said innocently: "Xiao Yezi, I wanted to find you yesterday, it turns out that you are a girl." Also, if you don't sell noodles in the future, the noodles are so delicious. Ah, I'm so hungry. ”
小巨人捂住自己的腹部，听着里面传来的咕咕声，愁眉苦脸。能量耗费太多，肚子饿得就快，偏偏这里不让带储物工具进来，他们想带点吃的都不行。
The little giant covered his abdomen, listening to the cooing sound coming from inside, and his face was sad. The energy consumption is too much, and the stomach is hungry quickly, but they are not allowed to bring storage tools here, and they can't bring some food if they want to.
王叶拍拍对方的膝盖……这身高差，真是醉人。 Wang Ye patted the other party's knee...... This height difference is really intoxicating.
“不卖面了，回去后请你吃，让你吃到饱。” "I won't sell noodles anymore, I will invite you to eat when I go back, so that you can eat to your heart's content."
“小叶子，你太好了。”小巨人还想把王叶抱起来。 "Little leaf, you're so good." The little giant also wanted to pick up Wang Ye.
王叶迅速跳到一边。他才不想像个娃娃一样被抱起来。 Wang Ye quickly jumped to the side. He didn't want to be picked up like a doll.
高个巨人弯腰，巨大手掌轻轻放到了王小叶的头上，很轻很轻地摸了摸：“谢谢你，小叶子。”
The tall giant bent down, gently placed his huge palm on Wang Xiaoye's head, and touched it very lightly: "Thank you, Xiao Yezi." ”
他知道自己的伤势有多严重，普通的药剂根本无法让他痊愈，普通的治疗术更不行。
He knew how serious his injuries were, and ordinary potions couldn't heal him at all, let alone ordinary healing techniques.
一般来说，治疗术分三种，一种是耗费他人和他物的能量，去弥补和修复伤者。还有一种则是激发伤者本身的能量和潜力，加快愈合速度。第三种则是综合前两种。
Generally speaking, there are three types of healing techniques, one is to use the energy of others and other things to make up for and repair the injured. The other is to stimulate the energy and potential of the injured person to speed up the healing. The third is a combination of the first two.
不能说后两者不好，但伤势严重的情况下，如果过度激发伤者本身能量和潜力，就算伤势愈合了，也会留下不小的后遗症。
It can't be said that the latter two are bad, but in the case of serious injuries, if the energy and potential of the injured person are excessively stimulated, even if the injury heals, it will leave a lot of sequelae.
可小叶子给他施展的治疗术显然是第一种，而想要让他复原到这种程度，还能让他接近突破边缘，小叶子肯定付出了很大的代价。
But the healing technique that Xiao Yezi gave him was obviously the first type, and if he wanted to recover to this extent, and still make him close to the edge of breakthrough, Xiao Yezi must have paid a great price.
多的，他们就不说了，他们巨人记仇更记恩。 If there are many, they will not talk about it, and they will remember the grudge even more.
王叶不喜欢让雷木以外的人摸他的头，但巨人学生的手掌太大，他躲不过去，只能随他去了，闻言点点头道：“不谢，接下来一个小时，还要请你们一起帮忙。”
Wang Ye didn't like to let anyone other than Lei Mu touch his head, but the giant student's palm was too big for him to dodge, so he could only go with him, and nodded when he heard the words: "No thanks, in the next hour, I will ask you to help together." ”
“没问题！”巨九岩站起身，还把王小叶放到了自己的肩膀上。
"No problem!" Ju Jiuyan stood up and put Wang Xiaoye on his shoulder.
“那些活尸，我要杀光它们！”巨九岩脸上再度露出狰狞神色。
"Those living corpses, I'm going to kill them all!" Ju Jiuyan's face once again showed a hideous look.
另外两名小巨人巨寸金和巨禾站在了两侧，他们同样握紧双拳，满脸都是杀气。这些活尸太可恶了！
The other two little giants, Ju Cunjin and Ju He, stood on either side, they also clenched their fists, their faces full of murderous aura. These living corpses are so hateful!
那名醒来的海族学生看着坐在巨人肩膀上的小女孩的背影，牢牢记住了他的名字和他的魂波。
The awakened Sea Clan student looked at the back of the little girl sitting on the giant's shoulder, remembering his name and his soul wave.
就是这个小孩把他从油尽灯枯资质会下降的危险中救了回来。
It was this kid who saved him from the danger of running out of oil and running out of lamps.
小孩的治疗术显然很特殊，特殊到会让很多恶人心动的程度，小孩知道这点吗？
The child's treatment technique is obviously very special, so special that it will make many wicked people move, do children know this?
海族学生决定等比赛过后就去提醒这个人族小孩。 The Sea Clan students decided to wait until the game was over to remind the Terran kids.
地底人学生召唤出蘑菇人，这些蘑菇人对着山壁洒出大把孢子，这些孢子竟然能吸收这些山壁的能量，把坚硬的石头变得酥脆。
The Underground students summoned mushroom people, who sprinkled spores on the mountain walls, and these spores were able to absorb the energy of the mountain walls and turn the hard stone into crisp.
这时再有擅长土系魔法的学生上前，把那些酥脆的岩石击碎转移，洞口就迅速扩大了许多。
其他学生则用各种能找到的东西，再配合自己的魔法，把多余的石头和泥土全都运送到外面。
Other students used everything they could find, combined with their own magic, to transport all the excess stones and dirt outside.
大家通力合作下，不到十分钟就把山洞口和通道扩大到能让巨人弯腰进来的程度。
With the cooperation of everyone, the cave entrance and passage were expanded to the point where the giant could bend down to enter in less than ten minutes.
而里面的山洞果然就如地底人学生所说，相当大，高度至少有七八米，面积约有五六百平方，容纳两三百人完全不成问题。
And the cave inside is really as the underground people and students said, quite large, at least seven or eight meters high, with an area of about five or six hundred square meters, and it is not a problem to accommodate two or three hundred people.
王叶听说山洞那边扩出来了，立刻飞到半空去帮忙牵扯那些活尸，让狮平原带领大家退到山洞中休息恢复。
When Wang Ye heard that the cave had expanded, he immediately flew into the air to help pull those living corpses, and asked Shi Pingyuan to lead everyone to retreat to the cave to rest and recover.
狮平原立即带着刚才挡在第一线的学生们撤离。 Lion Plains immediately evacuated with the students who had just been on the front line.
有战兽学校的学生不放心，还问：“就那小女孩一个人可以吗？”
Some students from the War Beast School were not at ease, and asked, "Is it okay for that little girl to be alone?" ”
“放心，小叶子说可以就可以。”狮平原催促所有人赶紧进入山洞。
"Don't worry, Xiao Yezi can say yes." Lion Plains urged everyone to hurry into the cave.
王叶见所有人都跑进山洞，小胖子还再次唤出雾灵，用雾气挡住洞口，他也放松对活尸们的控制，转头就跑。
Wang Ye saw that everyone ran into the cave, and the little fat man also summoned the fog spirit again and blocked the entrance of the cave with the mist, he also relaxed his control over the living corpses, and turned his head and ran.
海族学生得到王叶吩咐，用大量水流冲刷地面残留的血腥，还给所有身上有血腥味的学生都冲了个澡。
The Sea Clan students were instructed by Wang Ye to use a large amount of water to wash away the remaining blood on the ground, and also gave all the students who had the smell of blood on their bodies a bath.
当王叶跑进洞口，雾气消失，一扇土门出现在洞口，堵住了洞口。
When Wang Ye ran into the entrance of the cave, the fog disappeared, and an earthen door appeared at the entrance of the cave, blocking the entrance.
活尸们闻不到血腥气和活人气息，再度变得迷茫，就在附近晃荡开来。
The living corpses could not smell the smell of blood or the breath of the living, and they became confused again, and they wandered nearby.
地底人族还在山洞中检查，防止有活尸魔鼠之类的其他活尸。
The Terrans also check in the cave to prevent other living corpses such as the Living Corpse Demon Rat.
所有人都略微松了口气，还有人直接躺在了地上直喘粗气。
Everyone breathed a sigh of relief, and some people just lay on the ground and gasped.
“诸位，我们时间不多，接下来，我们不妨轮流出去杀活尸，吃不消了、疲累了、受伤了就自己回来山洞。”王叶一进来就说道。
"Ladies and gentlemen, we don't have much time, so let's take turns to go out and kill the living corpses, and come back to the cave by ourselves when we are tired, tired, or injured." Wang Ye said as soon as he came in.
陨星、兽人、巨人、海族、地底人、小虫人、战兽学校、还有其他几个学校的学生全都看向王叶。
Meteors, orcs, giants, sea tribes, undergrounders, bugmen, war beast schools, and students from several other schools all looked at Wang Ye.
时间有限，王叶的性格让他也不会用软话和大话去说动人心，他也不想做这个麻烦的领头人，只是情势所迫，他不得不赶鸭子上架。
Time is limited, Wang Ye's personality makes him not use soft words and big words to move people's hearts, and he doesn't want to be the leader of this trouble, but the situation is forced to drive ducks to the shelves.
于是，他一上来就明明白白把情况说清楚，愿意一起玩的就一起玩，不愿意的就算。
So, as soon as he came up, he clearly explained the situation, and if he was willing to play together, he would play together, and if he didn't want to, he would forget it.
“但杀活尸也不是出去乱杀一通就可以，我们得有个配合。每次出去，必须有一个指挥者。山洞这边和通道口的土堡也必须有人防守。”
"But killing a living corpse is not just a matter of going out and killing indiscriminately, we have to have a cooperation. Every time you go out, you have to have a conductor. The earthen forts on this side of the cave and at the entrance of the passage must also be defended. ”
“有人说我不愿意接受指挥，我就想独来独往。可以，离开这里，你想怎么独都可以。但如果你想留下，想享受大家的保护，那么你就得付出。”
"Some people say I don't want to be commanded, so I want to go it alone. Yes, get out of here and be alone as you want. But if you want to stay, if you want to enjoy everyone's protection, then you have to pay. ”
“不同意的人，可以现在离开。选择留下的人，我们就视为默认愿意接受指挥。”
"Those who disagree, can leave now. Those who choose to stay are considered to be willing to accept the command by default. ”
王叶一顿，环视众人，重点看了下那几个偷溜进来的学生。
Wang Ye paused, looked around at everyone, and focused on the few students who sneaked in.
那几个学生躲开了王叶的目光，但也没说要走。他们只是胆子小了点，但如果能有人指挥和安排他们怎么做事，他们也愿意帮忙。
The students avoided Wang Ye's gaze, but they didn't say they wanted to leave. They are just a little timid, but they are willing to help if someone can direct and arrange how they should do things.
“大家也请放心，我们这是比赛，杀活尸的数量关系到我们的分数，所以我会尽量安排大家都轮流出去杀敌，不会让谁只做辅助。哪怕你的能力只是辅助，杀活尸不行，但只要你能帮到大家，那么我一样会保证你的杀敌数量。”
"Rest assured, this is a game, and the number of corpses killed is related to our score, so I will try to arrange for everyone to take turns to go out and kill the enemy, and no one will only be a support. Even if your ability is only support, killing living corpses can't do it, but as long as you can help everyone, then I will also guarantee the number of enemies you kill. ”
有人想问：怎么保？ Someone wants to ask: how to protect it?
接下来，王叶就用实际行动告诉众人，他要怎么保证辅助者的杀活尸数量。
Next, Wang Ye used practical actions to tell everyone how he would ensure the number of living corpses killed by the auxiliaries.
他用琴音（因果线）拉扯着一个又一个活尸，让它们自己走到专心打辅助的参赛生面前，好让他们补刀。
He pulls one living corpse after another with the sound of the piano (causal line), and makes them walk to the contestants who are concentrating on playing support, so that they can mend the knife.
有些现场没有死透的活尸也被拖拽出来，方便大家补刀。
Some of the living corpses that were not dead at the scene were also dragged out to facilitate everyone's mending of the knife.
这简直就是牺牲小叶子一个人的杀敌分数，成全所有人。
This is simply sacrificing Xiao Yezi's kill score to fulfill everyone.
其他学生看得感动又不好意思，也会留几个活尸头给后方打辅助的学生杀，还催着小叶子杀最后一刀。
The other students were moved and embarrassed to see it, and they would also leave a few living corpses for the students who were assisted in the rear to kill, and also urged Xiao Yezi to kill the last knife.
期间，王叶把队伍按照实力和彼此特长，分成了三支队伍，分别由狮平原、战兽学校一名叫斩天的学生、以及海族那名叫巫秘的学生负责指挥。
During this period, Wang Ye divided the team into three teams according to their strength and each other's strengths, which were commanded by a student named Slashing Heaven from the Lion Plains and the War Beast School, and a student named Wumi from the Sea Clan.
虽然王叶没有给自己安排头衔，但所有人都默认他是小叶子兵团的领头人，而他们都是小叶子兵团的成员。
Although Wang Ye did not assign himself a title, everyone tacitly assumed that he was the leader of the Little Leaf Legion, and they were all members of the Little Leaf Legion.
而王叶这种不争权夺利，轻易放弃老大位置，甘做辅助的行为，也更让参赛生对他敬服。如果不是小叶子年龄太小，可能大家都要叫他老大了。
And Wang Ye's behavior of not fighting for power and profit, easily giving up the position of boss, and being willing to be an assistant also made the contestants respect him even more. If it weren't for Xiao Yezi's age, everyone might have called him the boss.
场外观众对小叶子印象也更好，不是谁都能轻易放弃自己手中的权力。除了小叶子兵团，也有一些学生组织起来，可是为了听谁指挥，就能吵闹起来，最后还是谁也不服谁，各打各的。
The audience outside the venue also has a better impression of Xiao Yezi, and not everyone can easily give up the power in their hands. In addition to the Xiaoyezi Corps, there are also some students who have organized themselves, but in order to listen to whomever commands, they can make noise, and in the end, no one obeys anyone, and each fights its own.
还有些人为了保住自己的领导地位，或者为了能让自己得到最多攻击权，还许诺了不少现实中的好处。
Others promise a lot of real-world benefits in order to maintain their leadership positions, or to get the most attack power for themselves.
几处小集体，也是人生百态尽显。 Several small collectives are also full of life.
小叶子兵团这边，每支小队出去只三分钟，三分钟后立刻换人，可以休息六分钟。
On the side of the Xiaoye Corps, each squad only goes out for three minutes, and after three minutes, they will be replaced immediately, and they can rest for six minutes.
时间虽然短，但效率相当不错。尤其王叶几乎没怎么休息，他一直留在外面，跟随所有队伍打辅助。
Although the time is short, the efficiency is quite good. In particular, Wang Ye hardly rested, he stayed outside all the time, following all the teams to play support.
所有人都明白，小叶子这是真牺牲了自己成全了众人，因为他们需要一个治疗、需要一个牵制活尸的强大辅助。
Everyone understands that Xiao Yezi really sacrificed himself to fulfill everyone, because they need a treatment and a powerful assistance to contain the living corpse.
其他人虽然也能牵制活尸，但谁控制的数量也没有小叶子多，更没有他控制得那么牢。
Although others can also contain the living corpses, they don't control as many people as Xiao Ye, and they don't control them as firmly as him.
小叶子不仅能控制低级活尸，就是后来出现四级活尸，他也能拉拽住。
Xiao Yezi can not only control low-level living corpses, but even if a fourth-level living corpse appears later, he can also pull it.
被拉拽住的活尸一旦失去速度优势，接下来就只能站在那里被参赛学生们围攻。
Once the dragged corpse loses its speed advantage, it can only stand there and be besieged by the participating students.
小叶子最可怕的是他不但能一边拉拽住四级活尸，还能同时拉拽住一大群低级活尸。
The most terrifying thing about Xiao Yezi is that he can not only pull the fourth-level living corpses on one side, but also a large group of low-level living corpses at the same time.
等小叶子实在吃不住的时候，他就会提醒众人回撤。 When Xiao Yezi really can't eat it, he will remind everyone to retreat.
再由小胖子出手召唤雾灵遮掩他们的气息，让活尸们失去目标。
Then the little fat man will summon the fog spirits to cover their breath, so that the living corpses will lose their target.
所有人都以为小叶子牺牲大了，包括场外观众。 Everyone thought that Xiao Yezi had sacrificed a lot, including the audience outside the venue.
就是小叶子头顶的分数为什么蹭蹭上涨？那速度似乎比负责主要攻击的几个学生还要涨得快？
It's just that why is the score on the top of Xiaoye's head rising? That seems to be going faster than the students in charge of the main attack?
王小叶不止头顶的分数蹭蹭涨，他被能量塞得都要打饱嗝了！
Wang Xiaoye not only had the score above his head rising, but he was so stuffed with energy that he was about to burp!
小光它们杀死的活尸可都是算在他头上的。 Xiaoguang: The living corpses they killed were all counted on his head.
小光它们肯定发现了活尸大本营，它们来不及回来，就把吞噬掉来不及消化的能量全都通过契约传送给他。
Xiaoguang must have found the base camp of the living corpses, and they didn't have time to come back, so they sent all the energy that they devoured and didn't have time to digest to him through the contract.
王叶第一次被能量给塞得要崩溃。 For the first time, Wang Ye was stuffed with energy and was about to collapse.
为了消耗这些能量，只要不是特别危险的情况，他就不回山洞休息，就在外面打辅助，偶尔发个大招。这对他其实也有好处，可以让他更加熟悉技能的应用，还能让他利用能量来夯实身体、提高身体素质。
In order to consume this energy, as long as it is not a particularly dangerous situation, he does not go back to the cave to rest, but plays support outside, occasionally making a big move. It's actually good for him, as it allows him to become more familiar with the application of skills, and it also allows him to use energy to strengthen his body and improve his physical fitness.
如果说能量是水，人的身体是水缸。王叶现在做的就是把身体中的水压缩再压缩，再塞到身体所有细胞中，所以表面看起来缸还是那个缸，可实际“重量”却不是一码事。
If energy is water, the human body is a tank. What Wang Ye is doing now is to compress and compress the water in his body, and then stuff it into all the cells in his body, so on the surface, it looks like the tank is still the same tank, but the actual "weight" is not the same thing.
当然这样做也很危险，弄不好这些压缩到极致的能量爆炸就惨了。
Of course, this is also very dangerous, and it will be miserable if you don't get these energy explosions compressed to the extreme.
幸好王叶做这种事已经驾轻就熟，能量真的吃不下，他还能转移到虫巢中。爆炸那是不可能爆炸的！
Fortunately, Wang Ye is already familiar with this kind of thing, and the energy is really not eaten, and he can still transfer to the worm nest. Explosion, that is impossible to explode!
狮平原他们还好，和王叶已经打过几次配合。后来加入的参赛生们就发现有小叶子在场，他们杀活尸容易多了，而且特别安全。
They are okay in the Lion Plains, and they have already cooperated with Wang Ye several times. The contestants who joined later found that with Xiao Yezi present, it was much easier for them to kill the living corpses, and it was very safe.
一旦他们受伤或能量消耗太多。小叶子就会治疗和补充他们，还会催促他们回撤，让他们不要逞强。
Once they are injured or consume too much energy. The little leaf will heal and replenish them, and will also urge them to retreat, so that they will not be reckless.
如果他们不小心被活尸围住，小叶子也有本事拉拽住那些活尸，让他们能及时撤离出来。
If they are accidentally surrounded by living corpses, Xiao Yezi also has the ability to pull those living corpses so that they can evacuate in time.
每个人都觉得，他们加入这个兵团加对了。 Everyone felt that they had joined the corps in the right place.
王叶他们轮番出去杀活尸，一开始还能顾得上把尸体都埋入土壤，到后来就顾不上了。
Wang Ye and the others took turns to go out to kill the living corpses, and at first they could take care of burying the corpses in the soil, but later they couldn't take care of it.
这里的尸臭味和血腥气越来越重，血腥气不是学生受伤流出，而是那些刚刚转变为活尸的魔兽和人类。
The smell of corpses and blood here is getting heavier and heavier, and the blood is not flowing out of students' injuries, but those demonic beasts and humans who have just been transformed into living corpses.
而这些血腥气吸引来了更多活尸，也引来了更多参赛者。
And these bloody gases attracted more living corpses, and also attracted more contestants.
这些参赛者可不是跟着活尸追杀到这里，而是他们自己受到死亡惩罚也转变成了活尸，跟着活尸大部队一起走了过来。
These contestants did not follow the living corpses to here, but they themselves were punished by death and turned into living corpses, and walked with the army of living corpses.
这些倒霉的参赛者见到这里竟然有学生在打配合，还打得有模有样，并且还有治疗者时，羡慕妒忌得眼睛都红了。
When these unlucky contestants saw that there were students playing cooperatively, and they were playing well, and there were also healers, their eyes were red with envy and jealousy.
等到惩罚时间一过，不少参赛者就很明智地喊着他们也想加入。
As soon as the penalty time passed, many contestants wisely shouted that they wanted to join in too.
王叶来者不拒，想加入可以，只要听指挥不捣乱就行。 Wang Ye did not refuse to come, and if he wanted to join, he could just listen to the command and not make trouble.
这些受到过转变惩罚的学生到了这时候，也没什么好争的了。眼看比赛时间越来越少，他们都还没有杀死几个活尸，不趁着现在和大家一起混，多抢几个活尸头，还等什么时候？
At this point, these students who have been punished for conversion have nothing to fight about. Seeing that the game time is getting less and less, they haven't killed a few living corpses yet, why don't they take advantage of the time to mix with everyone and grab a few more living corpses, how long will they wait?
更何况这里有辅助还有治疗！还有一个能轮番休息的大山洞！
What's more, there are adjuncts and treatments here! There is also a big cave where you can take turns to rest!
凡是幸运地来到这边的参赛者一个都没有离开，全都留下了。
None of the contestants who were lucky enough to come here left, they all stayed.
眼见小叶子兵团收容的参赛生越来越多，大家对付起活尸也越来越进退有度，配合虽然说不上默契，但有指挥者调度的情况下，还算凑合，更再也不见刚开始的混乱和各种败人品的事，场外观众们不少人露出了笑脸。
Seeing that there are more and more participating students in the Xiaoyezi Corps, everyone is getting more and more comfortable with the living corpses, although the cooperation is not tacit, but with the commander's scheduling, it is okay, and there is no longer any chaos and all kinds of bad character things at the beginning, many people in the audience outside the venue showed smiling faces.
心情总算不用那么郁闷了，感觉情况越来越好了。 I feel less depressed and feel that the situation is getting better and better.
真好！ That's nice!
“我知道小叶子的分数是怎么回事了！他的虫子！”有观众学生反应过来，叫道。
"I know what Xiaoye's score is! His bugs! Some audience students reacted and shouted.
对哦，差点忘了小叶子根本不是什么最强辅助，人家也是召唤师好吗。
That's right, I almost forgot that Xiao Yezi is not the strongest support at all, and he is also a summoner, okay?
有些学校大佬对小叶子的虫群十分好奇，他们竟然看不出这种虫子的种类。
Some school bosses are very curious about the swarm of small leaves, and they can't even see the species of this bug.
“这些虫子很能吃啊。你看虫人族的虫群，去咬那些活尸时，都很不愿意钻进它们体内。可小叶子那群虫子一个个简直就跟贪吃鬼一样，拼命往活尸脑袋里钻。”
"These insects are very edible. You see the swarm of the Zerg, when you bite those living corpses, you are very reluctant to burrow into them. But Xiao Yezi's group of insects are just like gluttonies, desperately burrowing into the heads of living corpses. ”
“而且它们好像还能隐藏自身，也不怕腐蚀液，连火焰都不是很惧怕。”
"And they seem to be able to hide themselves, and they are not afraid of corrosive fluids, not even fire."
“速度也快。它们的翅膀好像能发光。” "It's fast, too. Their wings seem to glow. ”
“这到底是什么虫子？” "What the hell is this bug?"
忽然有一位大佬捂着嘴唇说：“我有一个最新消息。” Suddenly, a big guy covered his lips and said, "I have an update." ”
“哦？什么消息？” "Oh? What's the news? ”
“陨星有那只老虫魔在。” "The meteorite has that old worm demon here."
“老虫魔？！你是说昆……” "Old worm demon?! You mean Kun ......?"
“嘘，别提那老魔头的名字。” "Shhhhh
“你不会是说那小丫头的虫群就是那老魔头给的吧？” "You don't mean that the little girl's swarm was given by the old devil, do you?"
说话人轻哼：“那老魔头驭虫可是超一流。也只有他养出来的虫子才这么古怪又厉害。”
The speaker snorted softly: "That old devil is superb. Only the bugs he raised were so weird and powerful. ”
“啧，如果那小丫头的指导教授真的是那老虫魔，不得了，这是又得出个小魔头啊。”
"Tsk, if that little girl's instructor is really that old worm demon, it's terrible, this is another little devil."
“别瞎说，人孩子好得很。教授是教授，学生是学生，不能划为一谈。”
"Don't talk nonsense, people and children are very good. A professor is a professor and a student is a student, and it cannot be categorized. ”
“哈哈，也是。” "Haha, too."
“快看！那是不是五级活尸？！”学生群中有人发出惊呼。
"Look! Is that a level 5 living corpse?! Someone in the student crowd exclaimed.
第208章 九岁的大魔法师？！ Chapter 208: Nine-Year-Old Great Magician?!
五级活尸是一名活死人，它速度极快，目标直指南边那个小兵团基地。
The fifth-level living corpse is a living dead who is extremely fast, and its target is the small legion base on the side.
“完了，小叶子是不是被当成斩首目标了！”陨星的学生惊叫。
"It's over, is Xiao Yezi being used as a beheading target!" The students of Meteorite exclaimed.
“他表现太突出了。这些活尸背后必定有指挥者，否则不可能杀得三百超凡者这么惨。你看那一波波的，根本不给人喘息的工夫，怎么可能没人指挥？而且大家别忘了，这些活尸可是与正式军队正面杠的！它们肯定有个很厉害的指挥者。”
"He was outstanding. There must be a commander behind these living corpses, otherwise it would be impossible to kill three hundred transcendent people so badly. Look at the waves, which don't give people respite at all, how can there be no one to command? And don't forget, these living corpses are head-to-head with the official army! They must have a very good commander. ”
“所以活尸的背后头领发现小叶子的特殊，见他能群疗还能群控，就派人来进行刺杀了？”
"So the leader behind the living corpse found out that Xiao Yezi was special, and when he saw that he could heal in groups and control in groups, he sent someone to assassinate him?"
“十有八九。其他人的治疗能力和控怪能力都没法和小叶子比，而且也都被杀得差不多。那仅有的几个能治疗其他学生而不是只能治疗自己和自己召唤物的，不是在死亡途中，就是在接受死亡惩罚的途中。有的还死了好几次。”
"Nine times out of ten. The other people's healing ability and monster control ability can't be compared to Xiao Yezi, and they are all almost killed. The few who were able to heal other students, not just themselves and their own summons, were either on the way to death or on the way to receiving the punishment of death. Some have died several times. ”
“不用猜了！目标就是小叶子！小叶子危险！” "No need to guess! The goal is the little leaf! Small leaves are dangerous! ”
多少人齐声惊喊。 How many people shouted in unison.
比赛现场，王叶自然不可能听到场外观众们的喊叫，而他周围的参赛学生也没有一个发现有一个五级活尸已经摸到了他们的后方，并化作黑光猛地向王叶扑去。
At the scene of the competition, Wang Ye naturally couldn't hear the shouts of the audience outside the arena, and none of the participating students around him found that a fifth-level living corpse had touched their backs, and turned into black light and rushed towards Wang Ye.
而那名五级活尸的手臂已经变成了锋利的骨刀。 And the arm of that level 5 living corpse had turned into a sharp bone knife.
骨刀目标，小叶子的脖颈！ The bone knife target, the neck of the small leaf!
“啊啊啊！”多少学生捂住眼睛不敢看接下来的一幕。 "Ahhh How many students covered their eyes and didn't dare to look at the next scene.
雷木身体前倾，眼睛直直地盯着光幕。 Remu leaned forward, his eyes staring straight at the light curtain.
金宝儿发出爸叽的惨叫，抓住小云的叶子就遮住了自己的眼睛。
Jin Bao'er let out a scream of her father, grabbed Xiaoyun's leaf and covered her eyes.
虫老和兰道教授下意识坐直了身体。 Worm Elder and Professor Landau subconsciously sat up straight.
闻笛拿着水杯的右手微微握紧。 Wen Di's right hand holding the water cup clenched slightly.
疯药王跟靳蜘蛛呢喃：“假的，不会真死，没事。” The Crazy Medicine King murmured to Jin Spider: "Fake, it won't really die, it's okay." ”
“砰！” "Bang!"
尘土扬起。 Dust kicks up.
见过用二胡琴筒揍人脑瓜子的吗？ Have you ever used an erhu barrel to beat people's brains?
没见过的话，今天你可以见到了。 If you haven't seen it, you can see it today.
就在所有人都以为王小叶要躲不过那道偷袭时，王叶跟背后长了眼睛一样，突然往下一蹲，就着蹲式就是一个回旋扫堂腿。
Just when everyone thought that Wang Xiaoye would not be able to avoid the sneak attack, Wang Ye suddenly squatted down as if he had eyes behind him, and the squatting style was a roundabout sweeping leg.
砰，那五级活尸竟然被扫得踉跄一下。 Bang, the fifth-level living corpse was swept away.
刚刚赶到会场的某人正好看到光幕上这一幕，不由略微挑了挑眉。
Someone who had just arrived at the venue happened to see this scene on the light curtain and couldn't help but raise his eyebrows slightly.
小丫头的腿骨很强壮嘛，一个五级的武师活尸，竟然都能被她这一脚扫得站不稳。小丫头看起来还腿不疼脚不痒的。
The little girl's leg bones are very strong, and a fifth-level martial artist living corpse can be swept away by her foot. The little girl doesn't look like her legs hurt, her feet don't itch.
最妙的是这小丫头还穿着他们陨星的校服，不错。 The best thing is that this little girl is still wearing their Meteorite school uniform, which is good.
随后王小叶跳起来，扬起二胡琴筒就朝五级活尸的脑袋瓜重重砸了一下。
Then Wang Xiaoye jumped up, raised the erhu barrel and smashed it heavily on the head of the fifth-level living corpse.
砸！我再砸！ Smash! I'll smash it again!
【冤冤相报】，拼命技能，他已经好久没有使用了，配上因果武器，效果翻倍。
[Retribution], a desperate skill, he hasn't used it for a long time, and with the causal weapon, the effect is doubled.
没想到我不用拉琴，用砸的也能效果翻倍吧？ I didn't expect that I didn't have to play the violin, and the effect could be doubled with smashing, right?
每次哐的发出一声沉闷之声都是因果的回应。 Every muffled sound is a causal response.
你偷袭我、你想杀我，你就欠我因果。 If you attack me and you want to kill me, you owe me karma.
你欠我越多，我揍你就越重，你受伤也就越厉害。 The more you owe me, the harder I beat you and the more you hurt.
五级活尸都被砸懵了。 The fifth-level living corpses were all stunned.
好吧，它本来就是懵的，变成活死人后只能接受简单的命令。
Well, it was originally confused, and after becoming the living dead, it could only accept simple orders.
五级活尸被砸了几下，不痛不痒，当即就回以反击。 The fifth-level living corpse was smashed a few times, and it didn't hurt or itch, so it immediately fought back.
但王叶同时也拉开了距离，琴弓一拉，因果线缠住了五级活尸的腿脚，再次绊住它。
But Wang Ye also pulled the distance, and as soon as the bow was pulled, the causal thread wrapped around the legs and feet of the fifth-level living corpse, tripping it again.
【自掘坟墓】，地面土壤翻滚，把五级活尸往地里面吞。
[Self-digging grave], the ground soil rolls, and swallows the fifth-level living corpse into the ground.
五级活尸一拍地面，竟然硬是飞了出来。 The fifth-level living corpse slapped the ground and flew out.
其他参赛生也注意到小叶子被偷袭了，立刻就要过来救他。
The other contestants also noticed that Xiao Yezi was attacked and immediately came to rescue him.
“不用过来！你们对付其他活尸，不要走神。这家伙，我来对付。”王叶计算时间，应该最多还有五分钟，这场比试就结束了。
"No need to come! Deal with other living corpses, and don't get distracted. I'll deal with this guy. "Wang Ye calculates the time, there should be five minutes left at most, and this competition is over.
所以五级活尸应该是最高级Boss了，就是不知道，全场只有这一个，还是会出好几个。
So the fifth-level living corpse should be the highest-level boss, but I don't know, there is only this one in the audience, or there will be several.
不管有几个，先把这个弄死。 No matter how many there are, kill this one first.
“吼——！”这个五级活尸竟然发出了吼叫。 "Roaring ——!" This fifth-level living corpse actually let out a roar.
随着它的吼叫声，附近原本还在游荡的活尸全都在一顿之后，集体调转方向，向这边晃悠过来。
With its roar, all the living corpses that were still wandering nearby collectively turned around and swayed in this direction.
王叶眯眼：原来中高级活尸还有统率低级活尸的能力？它们是靠什么来接受命令和理解命令？
Wang Ye squinted: It turns out that the middle and high-level living corpses still have the ability to command the low-level living corpses? What do they rely on to receive orders and understand them?
如果活尸病毒还能让生物大脑运作，并随着等级提高，活尸的大脑运作能力也越来越强，当活尸有了自己的意识……那是不是表示，活尸病毒可以创造出新的生命种类？
If the living corpse virus can also make the biological brain function, and as the level increases, the brain operation ability of the living corpse becomes stronger and stronger, when the living corpse has its own consciousness...... Does that mean that living corpse viruses can create new types of life?
另一种从死到生？到了高等层次，是否会恢复生前记忆？
Another from death to life? At the higher level, will the memories of life be restored?
还是说它们永远无法跨越高智慧生物的临界线，而只能被算作魔兽和怪兽一类的另类生物？
Or will they never be able to cross the threshold of highly intelligent creatures, and can only be counted as alternative creatures such as monsters and monsters?
王叶突然来了一点点试验的兴趣。 Wang Ye suddenly became a little interested in experimenting.
当他达到玩家六十级时，他的因果技能就多了一个玩家们都非常渴望的技能，复活技能，【生死轮回】。
When he reaches level 60 as a player, his causal skill will have one more skill that players are very eager for, the resurrection skill, [Cycle of Life and Death].
王叶突然很想对这个五级活尸施展这个技能，他想看看这个活尸在这个技能下，到底会有什么变化。
Wang Ye suddenly wanted to use this skill on this fifth-level living corpse, he wanted to see what changes this living corpse would make under this skill.
但他还是止住了这个想法，因为这里是幻境，就算再怎么真实，这个五级活尸也不是真拥有活尸病毒的活尸，它就是一个模仿活尸的纯能量体。
But he still stopped this thought, because this is an illusion, no matter how real it is, this fifth-level living corpse is not a living corpse that really has a living corpse virus, it is a pure energy body that imitates a living corpse.
所以他就算对这具活尸施展复活技能，恐怕他也不会看到最真实的效果，既然如此，他又何必浪费大量能量。
So even if he used the resurrection skill on this living corpse, I'm afraid he wouldn't see the most realistic effect, so why should he waste a lot of energy.
这个复活技能可是要耗费他本身的一半能量。 This resurrection skill costs half of his own energy.
说到技能，突破玩家六十级，除了复活技能，他还得到了一个威力超级强大的群杀术。
Speaking of skills, breaking through the player's level sixty, in addition to the resurrection skill, he also got a super powerful group killing technique.
可以说一直到九十级，单论攻击威力，这招就是王叶所有招数中声威最大、杀伤力也最大的一招。
It can be said that all the way to level ninety, in terms of attack power alone, this move is the most powerful and lethal of all Wang Ye's moves.
王叶眼瞅着大量奔他们这里而来的活尸，再看那想摆脱因果线，还不住吼叫的五级活尸。
Wang Ye looked at the large number of living corpses that came to them, and then looked at the fifth-level living corpses who wanted to get rid of the causal line and couldn't stop roaring.
深吸气，手腕一转，手指猛击琴筒。 Take a deep breath, turn your wrist and slam your fingers on the barrel.
“轰隆隆！” "Boom!"
陡然间，雷声震震，上百道雷电之光从天而降，极为准确地劈向那些活尸。
Suddenly, the thunder shook, and hundreds of lightning rays fell from the sky, slashing at the living corpses with great accuracy.
【报应不爽】，雷击法术。 [Retribution is unpleasant], lightning spell.
不是不报时候未到，就看苍天饶过谁，活尸之毒不应存在，雷霆之怒下，天打雷劈！
It's not that the time has not come, it depends on who the sky spares, the poison of the living corpse should not exist, under the wrath of thunder, the sky thunders!
其他参赛者包括观众学生们都看傻眼了。 The other contestants, including the spectators, were dumbfounded.
就看那漫天的紫色雷电追着那些活尸跑。 Just watch the purple thunder and lightning in the sky chase those living corpses.
一个活尸倒下，雷电从活尸体内蹿出，又钻入另一个活尸身体中。
A living corpse fell, and lightning burst out of the living corpse and burrowed into the body of another living corpse.
雷电越来越多，这一片空间几乎都被紫色雷电包裹，电光阵阵几乎什么都看不见了。
There were more and more thunderbolts, and the space was almost wrapped in purple lightning, and the electric light bursts were almost invisible.
王叶：哇，好像比上辈子他使用这招要略微夸张一点，果然还是能量囤积太多了吗？
Wang Ye: Wow, it seems that he used this trick a little more exaggerated than in his previous life, is it really too much energy hoarding?
巨九岩和狮平原他们全都张大嘴巴望向那片雷电区，又傻眼地望向小叶子。
Ju Jiuyan and Lion Plains all looked at the thunder and lightning area with their mouths wide open, and then looked at Xiao Ye dumbfounded.
王叶手一甩，琴弓竟然飞了出去。 Wang Ye shook his hand, and the bow flew out.
那琴弓绕着那被雷电击得焦糊的五级活尸的脑袋绕了一圈。
The bow circled around the head of the fifth-level living corpse that had been scorched by lightning.
咕咚，五级活尸的脑袋掉了下来。 Boom, the head of the fifth-level living corpse fell.
王叶头顶的分数又蹿了一蹿。 The score above Wang Ye's head jumped again.
狮平原的下巴掉了下来：小叶子杀死了五级活尸，还貌似很轻松？换言之……她的实力到底有几级？这么小的小叶子，她不会已经是六级的魔导士了吧？
Lion Plains's jaw dropped: Xiao Yezi killed a fifth-level living corpse, and it seemed to be easy? Other words...... What level of strength does she have? With such a small leaf, she can't already be a sixth-level magician, right?
不可能不可能！狮平原立刻把这个匪夷所思的猜想摇出脑袋。肯定是这个五级活尸还不太厉害，而小叶子的能力又恰好可以克制对方。
No way, no way! Lion Plains immediately shook his head at this unbelievable conjecture. It must be that this fifth-level living corpse is not too powerful, and Xiao Yezi's ability is just right to restrain the other party.
但这至少也要小叶子有五级的实力。 But this also requires Xiao Ye to have at least a fifth-level strength.
九岁的大魔法师？我的妈呀，这也很恐怖了好吗？！ A nine-year-old archmagician? Oh my god, that's scary, okay?!
这话也有学校大佬在问陨星的大佬们。 There are also school bigwigs asking the bigwigs of Meteorite.
“你们学校这个小叶子，实力到底几级了？” "What level of strength is this little leaf in your school?"
乾副校长特别诚实地回答：“不高，就三级，快要突破四级。”
Vice President Qian replied very honestly: "It's not high, it's only level three, and it's about to break through level four." ”
屁！信你才有鬼！你三级放这么大的群攻术法给我看看？你三级去杀一个五级活尸给我看看？
Fart! Believe in you to have a ghost! You put such a large group attack technique on the third level to show me? Are you going to kill a level 5 living corpse for me to see?
乾副校长保持微笑，爱信不信。 Vice President Qian kept smiling, believing it or not.
虫老和兰道教授已经不知道第几次的互看。 Worm Lao and Professor Landau don't know how many times they looked at each other.
“那小子肯定隐瞒实力了。” "That kid must have concealed his strength."
“九岁啊，我以为他实力只达到了四级，能拿到五级的资格，只是因为精神力优秀。”
"Nine years old, I thought his strength had only reached level four, and he could get the qualification of level five, just because of his excellent mental power."
“他之前实力确实只有三级左右，可能都没有。他是去了那里后，才实力大进。”虫老冷静道。
"His previous strength was indeed only about level three, and he probably didn't have it. It was only after he went there that his strength improved. The worm elder said calmly.
兰道：“您老认为他在那里有了奇遇？” Landau: "You always think he had an adventure there?" ”
虫老：“想想他给我们带回来的东西，还有他去过那里的几个地方。”
Worm Boss: "Think about what he brought us back, and the places he's been there. ”
兰道微微皱眉：“五个月，从三级到五级，甚至是六级？你觉得有可能？”
Landau frowned slightly: "Five months, from level three to level five, or even level six?" Do you think it's possible? ”
“为什么不可能？”虫老特别淡定地道：“你应该想，你我的徒弟就应该能做别人不可能做到之事。否则你我为什么收他？”
"Why can't it be?" The worm elder said very calmly: "You should think that you and my apprentice should be able to do things that others can't do. Otherwise, why would you and I take him? ”
兰道失笑：“我可没您老这么宽心，我是担心……” Landau smiled: "I'm not as relieved as you are, I'm worried about ......"
“他身上没有被夺舍的痕迹，也没有被下种子的痕迹，更没有被人改造，小叶子还是小叶子。”
"There are no traces of being taken away from him, there is no trace of being seeded, and he has not been transformed by others, and the small leaves are still small leaves."
“那就好。”兰道长吐出一口气。他最担心的就是小叶子被人忽悠，做了什么天才改造术。
"That's good." Randolph let out a sigh. What he was most worried about was that Xiao Yezi was fooled by someone and did some genius transformation technique.
比赛现场。 The scene of the competition.
王叶接住飞回来的琴弓，气沉丹田：“诸位，最后三分钟了，大战即将到来，很可能还有五级活尸，大家做好准备了吗？”
Wang Ye caught the bow that flew back, and sank into the dantian: "Everyone, it's the last three minutes, the big battle is coming, and there are likely to be fifth-level living corpses, are you ready?" ”
所有在山洞里休息的参赛生全都跑了出来。 All the students who were resting in the cave ran out.
他们原本就做好了最后三分钟狂杀一通的准备，死也不惜。
They were ready to kill in the last three minutes, and they didn't hesitate to die.
“来吧！”巨人学生怒吼。 "Come on!" The giant students roared.
其他参赛者也全都按照之前说好的，摆开了阵势。 The other contestants also formed a position as they had agreed.
远处，黑压压的活尸果然像浪潮一般向这边涌来，跑在最前面的显然至少有四级。
In the distance, the black-pressed living corpses were indeed surging towards this side like a tidal wave, and the ones running at the front were obviously at least level four.
“小心偷袭！” "Beware of sneak attacks!"
天空、地下也陡然出现了大量活尸魔鸟、活尸魔鼠、活尸魔虫……
A large number of living corpse demon birds, living corpse demon rats, and living corpse demon insects also suddenly appeared in the sky and underground......
“坚持住，只有三分钟！杀！”王叶陡然高喊。 "Hold on, it's only three minutes! Kill! Wang Ye shouted suddenly.
“杀啊——！”参赛学生疯狂了。 "Kill——!" The students went crazy.
最后三分钟，当然是能杀多少就是多少，这时候再躲躲藏藏，那就真的没有刷分的机会了。
In the last three minutes, of course, you can kill as much as you can, and if you hide and hide at this time, then there is really no chance to score points.
各种召唤来的宝宝在赛（战）场上配合他们各自的主人大显神通。
All kinds of summoned babies cooperate with their respective masters on the field to show their talents.
王叶仍旧打着辅助，做着全场最佳群疗和群控。 Wang Ye is still assisting, doing the best group therapy and group control in the audience.
巨九岩为了保护他，把他放在了自己肩膀上，王叶让他去哪里，他就带着他跑去哪边。他没有选择在最后关头冲刺好进一步提高自己的分数，而是就站在原地，只有活尸冲到他面前，他才会挥舞他巨大的狼牙棒。
In order to protect him, Ju Jiuyan put him on his shoulder, and wherever Wang Ye asked him to go, he took him to wherever he went. Instead of sprinting at the last minute to improve his score, he stood still, wielding his massive mace only when a living corpse rushed in front of him.
巨人的英灵就站在九岩的背后，庞大的身躯宛如神灵降世，冷漠似乎又仁慈地看着这些年纪平均可能只有十六七八的少年男女在这里挥洒汗水、血水和泪水。
The heroic spirit of the giant stood behind Jiuyan, his huge body like a god descending into the world, and he seemed to be indifferent and benevolent to watch these young men and women, who were probably only sixteen, seventeen, or eight years old on average, squandered sweat, blood, and tears here.
所有人都感受到了无限勇气。 Everyone felt the courage to do it.
这是巨人英灵给予的战争有益效果，对敌勇气翻倍！ This is the beneficial effect of war given by the Giant Heroic Spirit, doubling the courage of the enemy!
所有参赛生看似疯狂，其实仔细看就能看出来，他们始终没有离开超过小叶子五十米距离。且以小叶子为方向，小叶子也是巨九岩往那个方向走，他们就往那个方向集体转移。
All the contestants looked crazy, but if you look closely, you can see that they never left more than 50 meters away from Xiaoyezi. And with the small leaves as the direction, the small leaves are also the giant nine rocks going in that direction, and they will collectively transfer in that direction.
虽然这个圈不是很规则，也有人不小心掉队什么的，但很快就会被机动救助小队给拉扯回大队伍中。
Although this circle is not very regular, and some people accidentally fall behind or something, they will soon be pulled back into the big team by the mobile rescue team.
有小叶子这个超级治疗在，参赛生们看似危险，其实还能支持。
With the super treatment of Xiaoyezi, the contestants seem to be dangerous, but they can actually support it.
“快了，快了，还有一分半！”场外学生看着光幕上闪烁的时间倒计时，都跟着喊。
"Soon, soon, a minute and a half!" The students outside the field watched the time countdown flickering on the light curtain and shouted along.
“一分钟！” "One minute!"
“小心！又有五级活尸出现！” "Be careful! Another level 5 living corpse has appeared! ”
而且不止一个。 And more than one.
王叶琴音陡然变得凄厉，硬是拉住了天空俯冲下来的五级活尸巨鸟，那是一只看起来非常像狮鹫的怪兽。
Wang Ye Qinyin suddenly became poignant, and he grabbed the fifth-level living corpse giant bird that swooped down from the sky, which was a monster that looked very much like a griffin.
不等怪鸟张嘴，王叶的因果线就缠住了它的嘴巴、脚爪和翅膀，生生把它从空中拖到面前。
Before the strange bird could open its mouth, Wang Ye's causal thread wrapped around its beak, claws, and wings, dragging it from the air to its front.
巨九岩冷笑一声，用力挥舞狼牙棒，一棒子就把那怪鸟的脑袋给打瘪了。
Ju Jiuyan sneered, and swung his mace vigorously, knocking the strange bird's head with a single stroke.
不止如此，巨九岩看那怪鸟竟然还能挣扎，嘴巴和脚爪更在不停动，似乎想要挣脱某种看不见的束缚。
Not only that, Ju Jiuyan saw that the strange bird could still struggle, and its beak and claws were constantly moving, as if it wanted to break free from some invisible restraint.
巨九岩竟然把狼牙棒往地上一插，双手抓住那只怪兽的翅膀，用力往两边一扯。
Ju Jiuyan actually thrust his mace into the ground, grabbed the monster's wings with both hands, and pulled it to both sides with force.
怪鸟翅膀羽毛和血肉乱飞，身体掉在地上。 The strange bird's wings, feathers, and flesh flew around, and its body fell to the ground.
巨九岩又是一脚踩上去，竟生生把怪鸟的脑袋踩进了土壤里。随后他拔出狼牙棒，对着那嵌在土壤里的鸟头就一阵猛击。
Ju Jiuyan stepped on it again, and actually stepped on the strange bird's head into the soil. Then he pulled out his mace and slammed it at the bird's head embedded in the soil.
观众学生们：生气的巨人好可怕，颤抖~ Audience students: The angry giant is so scary, trembling~
土地里，一只看起来像蚯蚓一样的五级活尸怪兽在地下吞噬了两个地底人学生，原本它还能吞噬更多，但一股看不见的力量，硬是把它从土地里拖拽出来。
In the land, a fifth-level living corpse monster that looked like an earthworm devoured two underground human students underground, and it could have devoured more, but an invisible force dragged it out of the ground.
“打它！”几名学生围着这只腐烂的大怪虫攻击。 "Hit it!" Several students surrounded the rotting monster and attacked.
腐烂怪虫身上冒出了大量蘑菇，身体也在不断缩小。 A large number of mushrooms have emerged from the rotting monsters, and their bodies are shrinking.
两个地底人学生从怪兽的肚子里爬出来，似乎被臭得不轻，一直在呸呸呸。
Two underground students crawled out of the monster's belly, and they seemed to be stinking so badly that they were babbling all the time.
【生生不息】落在两个地底人学生身上，他们重新恢复精神，又钻进土壤里去坑其他活尸。
[Endless Life] fell on the two underground students, who regained their spirits and burrowed into the soil to pit other living corpses.
活死人中一名五级活尸魔法师正在挥舞它的魔杖，大量火焰从天而降。
A Level 5 living corpse mage in the Living Dead is wielding his wand, and a large amount of flames are falling from the sky.
海族学生挥手洒出大片海水冲击那些火焰，他们召唤出的水中魔兽就裹在人造水浪里冲击那名五级活尸。
The Sea Clan students waved their hands and spilled a large expanse of seawater to impact the flames, and the water demonic beasts they summoned were wrapped in artificial waves and impacted the fifth-level living corpse.
狮平原等兽人学生，还有战兽学校的学生也在重点对付这个五级活尸。
The orc students such as Lion Plains, as well as the students of the War Beast School, are also focusing on dealing with this fifth-level living corpse.
他们总不能把所有难对付的对手都扔给小叶子处理。 They can't throw all the difficult opponents to Xiao Yezi to deal with.
小叶子已经够忙了。 Xiao Ye is busy enough.
大家有时都想不明白他是怎么忙过来的，又哪来那么多能量和精神力坚持到现在，他不累的吗？
Everyone sometimes can't understand how he got busy, and where did he get so much energy and mental power to persist until now, isn't he tired?
最后大家把这些原因都推到了小叶子召唤来的那群虫子头上，他们认为小叶子那群虫子大约和地底人族召唤来的蘑菇人一样，可以把吸收来的能量转移到召唤者身上。
In the end, everyone blamed these reasons on the group of bugs summoned by Xiao Yezi, who thought that Xiao Yezi's group of bugs was about the same as the mushroom people summoned by the underground human race, and could transfer the absorbed energy to the summoner.
王小叶：恭喜，你们真相了！ Wang Xiaoye: Congratulations, you have the truth!
场外观众：“还有十三秒！” Spectator: "Thirteen seconds left!" ”
“十秒了！” "Ten seconds!"
“九、八、七……”跟着报数的学生越来越多。 "Nine, eight, seven......" followed by more and more students.
“三、二、一！结束了！哇哈哈，终于结束了！” "Three, two, one! It's over! Wow haha, it's finally over! ”
现场的观众学生们跳起来大喊庆祝，宛如获得了莫大胜利。
The audience and students jumped up and shouted in celebration, as if they had won a great victory.
这大约是所有比赛，观众们最盼望着赶紧结束的一局。 This is about the end of all the games, and the crowd is most looking forward to the end of the game.
他们不希望看到什么大反转，也不希望看到有人突然在最后能大杀四方，他们只要他们的同学、朋友、亲人能好好归来就好！
They don't want to see any big reversal, and they don't want to see someone suddenly kill all sides at the end, they just want their classmates, friends, and relatives to come back well!
“同学们，教授们，各位工作人员们。” "Students, professors, and staff."
观赛现场突然出现了一道沉稳厚重的声音，是佣兵公会古永镇总会长：
A calm and heavy voice suddenly appeared at the scene of the game, it was the president of the mercenary guild Gu Yongzhen:
“我知道你们很多人对策划方安排这样一场比试很不满。但我们也是经过深思熟虑后才安排了这样一场比试。”
"I know a lot of you are unhappy with the planners arranging such a competition. But it was also after careful consideration that we arranged such a competition. ”
现场很快安静下来，众人都在聆听这位整个双月星最顶尖的大佬说话。
The scene quickly fell silent, and everyone was listening to the top boss of the entire Double Moon Star.
“今天这场比试对于参赛的学生也好、对观战的学生们也好，我们承认，是很残酷。但相信大家也能从这场比试中清楚地看到参赛者包括你们自身的缺点都在什么地方，遇到这种偏现实的战斗又会出现什么样的问题。”
“冷静，发挥出自己的全部实力，说起来容易做起来难。但越是这种偏现实向的战斗，我们越能看出一个人真正的实力。这份实力包含了心态、心性、脑力、决策力、领导力、配合度、团结力、自我牺牲奉献精神、甚至运气等等，个人技能反而只占其中一部分。”
"Calm down and play to your full strength, which is easier said than done. But the more this kind of battle is biased towards reality, the more we can see the true strength of a person. This strength includes mentality, heart, brainpower, decision-making, leadership, cooperation, unity, self-sacrifice and dedication, and even luck, etc., and personal skills only account for a part of it. ”
古老大突然话锋一转：“而这场战斗也确实暴露出很多问题。你们中间现在是不是有很多人都不愿意再看到你们的同学？因为他们露出了丑态，让你们感到丢脸。”
Gu Da suddenly changed his words: "And this battle has indeed exposed a lot of problems. Are there a lot of you who don't want to see your classmates anymore? Because they show their ugliness, and they make you feel ashamed. ”
众人沉默。 The crowd was silent.
“诸位，不要嘲笑他们，也不要鄙视他们，如果不是他们先走一步，牺牲了自己，等下一次，也许就是你们在光幕、在现实中露出丑态、甚至丢掉性命。”
"Everyone, don't laugh at them, don't despise them, if they didn't take the first step and sacrifice themselves, wait for the next time, maybe you will show your ugliness in the light curtain, in reality, or even lose your life."
“有人可能在一瞬间做错事情，但请记住，这只是一场非真实的战斗，你们包括所有参赛者都还有在真实中挽回的机会。我相信参赛者中有人会牢记这次教训，这次的自私者，可能会成为今后的奉献者。同样，这次的奉献者也可能心态转变，成为以后的自私者。”
古大佬厚重的声音响遍全场。也让众人深思。 The thick voice of the ancient boss resounded throughout the audience. It also made everyone think deeply.
“他们会成为什么样的人，就看他们身边的你们。你们的鼓励、安抚、赞扬、认同、理解和包容，将会影响一个人的一生。所以慎重你们的评价，不要用你们的言语和双手把你们正渴求上岸的同伴，推向更深的深渊。”
"What kind of people they will become depends on you around them. Your encouragement, reassurance, praise, recognition, understanding, and tolerance will affect a person's entire life. Therefore be careful of your judgment, and do not use your words and hands to push your companions who are longing to come ashore deeper into the abyss. ”
“牢记你们看参赛者比试中自己同伴和他人被拯救时的感觉。想一想，那些在比试中露出丑态、做出错事的同伴也正在期待你们的拯救。”
"Remember how you feel when you see your peers and others being saved in the competition. Think about it, those who have shown their ugliness and done wrong things in the competition are also expecting your salvation. ”
“想一想，如果那是你们，你们是希望有人用尖锐的语言、冷酷的态度来对待你们，还是希望有人能拥抱你，告诉你：没事，人都会害怕，也都会做错事，只要我们能从恐惧和错误中成长起来，至少这次没有造成真正的伤害，一切都还有挽救的机会。”
"Think about it, if that's you, do you want someone to treat you with sharp words and a cold attitude, or do you want someone to hug you and tell you: it's okay, people will be scared and they will do wrong things, as long as we can grow from fear and mistakes, at least this time there is no real harm, everything still has a chance to be saved."
有学生表情茫然，有学生不以为意，但更多的人流露出了似乎明白了什么的神情。
Some students looked blank, some students didn't care, but more people showed expressions that seemed to understand something.
“给他们一次机会，何尝不是给你们自己一次机会？当然，做错了事情，该惩罚还是要惩罚。宽容不代表纵容。至于惩罚内容等会儿公布。”
"Give them a chance, why not give yourselves a chance? Of course, if you do something wrong, you should be punished or punished. Tolerance does not mean indulgence. As for the punishment, it will be announced later. ”
古总会长的话锋再次一转，说道：“另外，这种更偏向于现实的战斗类比试在以后将会成为惯例。”
President Gu's words changed again, and he said, "In addition, this kind of combat analogy, which is more inclined to reality, will become a common practice in the future. ”
众人惊讶，现场发出一些杂乱的声音。 Everyone was surprised, and there were some chaotic sounds at the scene.
古总会长声音陡然提高：“诸位同学，诸位教授，诸位工作人员，现在让我们欢迎我们的英雄们回归，让我们给他们致以最热烈的掌声和你们最宽容的态度。”
President Gu's voice suddenly raised: "Students, professors, and staff, now let us welcome our heroes back, and let us give them the warmest applause and your most tolerant attitude. ”
光幕中，幻境传送门再次打开，一个接一个参赛生被抛了出来。
In the light curtain, the illusion portal opened again, and one after another the contestants were thrown out.
“啪啪啪！”热烈的掌声在全场响起，一开始还有些稀稀落落，到后面越来越响。
"Bang Bang!" Warm applause rang out in the audience, which was a little sparse at first, but became louder and louder later.
第209章 双项双第一 Chapter 209: Double Item Double First
很多刚出来的参赛生都傻了。 Many of the fresh-out contestants were stupid.
尤其那些冷静下来后知道自己做了什么的学生，他们只要想到自己在幻境比赛场中做了什么事，又被多少人看到，就有种恨不得马上死一遍回到过去重来的想法。
Especially for those students who know what they have done after calming down, as long as they think about what they have done in the fantasy arena and how many people have seen it, they have the idea of dying immediately and going back to the past.
好多参赛者出来时都不敢看向现场，他们怕听到嘘声、起哄声，甚至是嘲讽和谩骂声。
Many of the contestants did not dare to look at the scene when they came out, they were afraid of hearing boos, heckling, and even ridicule and abuse.
但没想到，他们出来时听到的却是如雷的掌声，还有好多师生包括部分嘉宾都站了起来。
But unexpectedly, when they came out, they heard thunderous applause, and many teachers and students, including some guests, stood up.
会不会是欢迎其他参赛者，而不是我？ Could it be that other contestants are welcome instead of me?
就在这些做了不好的事情的学生胡思乱想时，却发现他们校队来迎接他们的工作人员对他们都非常热情和关心。当他们回到自家校队时，得到的也是热情的拥抱和理解的安慰。
Just when these students who have done bad things are thinking about it, they find that the staff who come to greet them from their school team are very warm and caring about them. When they returned to their home varsity team, they were greeted with warm hugs and understanding.
有些学生明明在出来前给自己做了很多心理准备，梗着脖子打算不承认自己的错误，更抱好了要和大家决裂、乃至被学校退学的准备。
Some students obviously made a lot of psychological preparations for themselves before they came out, and they planned not to admit their mistakes, and they were even more prepared to break with everyone and even be expelled from school.
可这会儿，当他们听到“我理解你孩子（兄弟/姐妹），这次你做得确实不太好，但换了我，我也不一定能做得比你还好，说不定比你表现得更丑恶”这样的宽容理解话语时。
But now, when they hear the words of tolerance and understanding, "I understand your child (brother/sister), you really didn't do well this time, but if I were replaced, I might not be able to do better than you, maybe I will be uglier than you".
这些学生的泪腺崩塌了，虽然他们告诉自己不要哭，不要这么丢脸，但眼泪却止不住地流下来。
The students' tear ducts collapsed, and although they told themselves not to cry, not to be so ashamed, the tears could not stop flowing.
对不起，我也不想那么胆小又丑陋…… I'm sorry, I don't want to be so timid and ugly......
有些做错事的学生被自家师长和朋友带到了被他害过的参赛生身边，向对方道歉，求取对方的原谅。
Some students who did something wrong were taken by their teachers and friends to the students who had been harmed by him, apologized to each other, and begged for forgiveness.
有人很大度的原谅了，有人冷漠以对，但在师长和同学的开解调和下，气氛基本都还算说得过去。
Some people forgave a lot, and some people were indifferent, but under the reconciliation of the teacher and classmates, the atmosphere was basically reasonable.
至少现场几乎没有谩骂和侮辱的言辞出现，更没有过激的打架斗殴。顶多就是被害者表示口头道歉不够，你得让我揍一顿或我们公平的再打一场之类。
At least there was almost no invective and insulting rhetoric at the scene, and there were no excessive fights. At most, the victim's verbal apology is not enough, you have to let me beat me up or we have a fair fight again, or something like that.
同时各校也都收到古总会长的单独联系，要求各校都要做好学生们的心理引导，更不要树立仇恨和对立意识。
At the same time, all schools also received a separate contact from President Gu, asking them to do a good job in the psychological guidance of students, let alone establish a sense of hatred and antagonism.
承认自己犯错的学生有，自然也有人完全不认为自己做得不对，甚而对别人的宽容视为理所当然。
There are students who admit that they have made mistakes, and naturally there are also those who do not think that they have done anything wrong at all, and even take for granted tolerance of others.
还有人表面承认错误，心里怎么想的只有他自己知道。 There are also people who admit their mistakes on the surface, and only he knows what he thinks in his heart.
更有人十分不屑这种非要各族各校一家亲的氛围，觉得这些人都好虚假、好虚伪、好恶心。
Some people even disdain this kind of atmosphere that all ethnic groups and schools have to be close to each other, and feel that these people are so fake, hypocritical, and disgusting.
总之，什么样的学生都有。 In short, there are all kinds of students.
各位大佬和各校师长把这些学生的反应都看在了眼里，但他们并没有抓住这些学生，非要让他们“反省”什么的。
The bigwigs and teachers of various schools saw the reactions of these students, but they did not catch these students, and they had to make them "reflect" or something.
每个人都有自己的三观和道德底线，也有自己的性格和认识，你不可能让所有人都统一思想，也不能说别人的想法就一定错误。
Everyone has their own three views and moral bottom line, as well as their own character and understanding, you can't make everyone think in unison, and you can't say that other people's ideas must be wrong.
而这时的“坏学生”在未来也许会拯救一个民族乃至一个国家，这时的“好学生”也有可能在将来走入歧途，成为祸害全世界的祸源。
The "bad students" at this time may save a nation or even a country in the future, and the "good students" at this time may also go astray in the future and become a source of disaster for the whole world.
万事皆有可能，他们做师长和前辈的，唯一能做的就是指引一个尽量正确的方向，而不是把自己的观念强加给学生们。
Anything is possible, and the only thing they can do as teachers and seniors is to guide them in the right direction as much as possible, rather than imposing their own ideas on students.
当巨人族的三名学生出来时，全场的热情简直翻了三倍。
When the three students of the Giant Clan came out, the enthusiasm of the audience simply tripled.
那掌声和欢呼声，就是在迎接真正的英雄！ The applause and cheers are to welcome the real heroes!
巨人学校的学生还跑上台，要把自己的参赛生举起来。 The students of the Giant School also ran up to the stage to lift their own contestants.
巨九岩三人：“……”这是怎么了？ Ju Jiuyan Three: "......" What's wrong?
也不知是有意还是故意，咳，我们的王小叶同学最后一个从空间门里滚了出来。
I don't know if it's intentional or deliberate, cough, our classmate Wang Xiaoye was the last to roll out of the space door.
王叶从地上爬起来，他觉得这个幻境对他有意见。 Wang Ye got up from the ground, and he felt that this illusion had an opinion on him.
小光：“咿咿！”就是，不就是多啃了一点它的能量嘛，瞧它小气的！
Xiaoguang: "Babble! "That's it, isn't it just a little more of its energy, look at its stinginess!
“是陨星的小叶子！” "It's a small leaf of a meteorite!"
宛如滚雷的掌声再次响起。 The thunderous applause rang out again.
王叶吓了一跳。 Wang Ye was taken aback.
“小叶子！”雷木和学校的工作人员过来接他，乾副校长就站在旁边，满脸欣慰地看着他。
"Little Leaf!" Lei Mu and the school staff came to pick him up, and Vice Principal Qian stood next to him, looking at him with a look of relief on his face.
雷木一把抱起王小叶，把他高高举了起来。 Lei Mu picked up Wang Xiaoye and lifted him high.
王叶：……行吧，你举，谁让你是我的木木呢。等我长大了，我再举回来。哼哼。
Wang Ye: ...... Okay, you lift, who made you my Mumu. When I'm older, I'll lift it back. Hum.
“小叶子，你最棒！” "Little leaf, you are the best!"
突然，观众席响起了整齐的欢呼声。 Suddenly, the audience rang out with a neat cheer.
王叶一愣，转头朝观众席看去。 Wang Ye was stunned for a moment, and turned his head to look at the audience.
结果就见包括双月学校的学生在内，好多学校的学生都在向他鼓掌，并大叫他的名字。
As a result, many school students, including the students of the Bimoon School, applauded him and shouted his name.
王叶莫名所以，但还是冲他们挥了挥手，还笑了下。 Wang Ye was inexplicable, but he still waved at them and smiled.
“啊啊啊！小叶子太可爱了！我们爱你啊！” "Ahhh Little leaves are so cute! We love you! ”
王叶：……怎么感觉我成爱豆了？ Wang Ye: ...... How do you feel like I've become an idol?
“木木，放我下来，我们快点下去。”王叶可不想继续留在台上被人看。
"Mumu, let me down, let's go down quickly." Wang Ye didn't want to stay on stage and be watched.
雷木笑着把他放下来，又夸奖他：“干得好。” Lei Mu put him down with a smile and praised him again: "Good job." ”
王叶握住雷木的手，得意笑。他很想告诉雷木，他这次占了老大便宜，小光和它的浮游光虫群把那个幻境的阵眼之一都给啃了。
Wang Ye held Lei Mu's hand and smiled proudly. He wanted to tell Raymu that he had taken advantage of the boss this time, and that Xiaoguang and his swarm of floating light insects had gnawed at one of the eyes of the illusion.
要不是这样，那些五级活尸也不会追着他打，嘿嘿~！ If it weren't for that, those fifth-level living corpses wouldn't have chased him and fought, hehe~!
巨人们在经过小叶子身边时，每个人都摸了他脑袋一下。
As the giants passed by Xiao Yezi, everyone touched his head.
王叶：“……”信不信我翻脸？ Wang Ye: "...... believe it or not, I turned my face?"
“哈哈哈！”全场好多笑声，更有好多叫小叶子的声音。
"Hahaha!" There was a lot of laughter in the audience, and there were a lot of voices called Xiaoyezi.
“小叶子，你答应这场比赛结束请我吃面条的，别忘了哈，我快饿死了。”有点憨却很活泼的小巨人寸金同学啃着他师父塞给他的一个后腿肉，边走边说。
"Xiao Yezi, you promised to invite me to eat noodles after this game, don't forget, I'm dying of hunger." A little silly but very lively little giant Cunjin classmate gnawed on a hind leg meat stuffed by his master, and said as he walked.
“来！中午到我那儿，我请你们。九岩，你们也来啊。”王叶发出邀请。巨九岩对他的保护，他可都记在心里呢。
"Come on! Come to me at noon, and I invite you. Jiuyan, you guys come too. Wang Ye sent out an invitation. Ju Jiuyan's protection of him, he remembered it all.
巨九岩点头，“好，中午我们去找你。” Ju Jiuyan nodded, "Okay, we'll go look for you at noon." ”
“还有我们啊！”狮平原等人也走过来。 "And us!" Shi Pingyuan and others also came over.
海族、地底人族、虫人族和陨星学校的人一起围过来：“还有我们！”
The Sea Clan, the Underground Terran, the Zerg, and the people from the Meteor School gathered around: "And us!" ”
王叶头疼地挥手：“都来都来！你们这是想吃穷我。” Wang Ye waved his hand with a headache: "Come all here!" You are trying to eat me. ”
众人大笑。 The crowd laughed.
乾副校长也摸摸王叶的脑袋，笑着说：“瞧把你小气的，中午你们吃多少，都算我的。”
Vice Principal Qian also touched Wang Ye's head, and said with a smile: "Look at you stingy, how much you eat at noon is mine." ”
“哇！副校长万岁！”王叶立刻眉开眼笑。 "Wow! Long live the Vice Chancellor! Wang Ye immediately smiled.
王叶还没有弄清楚为什么他一下子变得这么受欢迎，魔法师公会总会长廖伊莎女士出现在光幕上，开始宣布这次比赛的获奖名次。
Before Wang Ye could figure out why he had suddenly become so popular, the president of the Wizards' Guild, Ms. Liao Yisha, appeared on the light curtain and began to announce the winners of this competition.
全场再次安静下来，虽然各位参赛生脑袋上都顶着分数，谁能拿到前三，大家心里都有数了，但没有正式宣布就怎么都无法安定下来。
The audience was quiet again, although all the contestants had points on their heads, and everyone knew who would get the top three, but they couldn't settle down without an official announcement.
“本届召唤比试第三名，巨人超凡者学校，巨九岩！” "Third place in this year's summoning competition, Giant Transcendent School, Giant Nine Rocks!"
巨人学校吼声震天。 The roar of the Giant School shook the sky.
其他学校学生也都在鼓掌，他们都服气巨九岩得到第三名。
The students from the other schools were also applauding, and they were all convinced that Ju Jiuyan won the third place.
这位杀伤力巨大，很多学生以及他们的召唤物看着对活尸似乎攻击很多，但往往无法把活尸真正杀死。可巨九岩出手，基本三两下就能要了活尸的命，低级活尸遇到他就是送死的。
This is so lethal that many students and their summons seem to attack the living corpses a lot, but they are often unable to actually kill the living corpses. But Ju Jiuyan made a move, and he could basically kill a living corpse in three or two clicks, and a low-level living corpse would be sent to death when it met him.
更何况在最后三分钟，巨九岩在保护王叶的时候，与王叶合作杀死了一只五级活尸魔鸟。
What's more, in the last three minutes, when Ju Jiuyan was protecting Wang Ye, he cooperated with Wang Ye to kill a fifth-level living corpse demon bird.
而凡是合作杀死四级乃至五级活尸的学生，得到的分数都不少。
And all the students who cooperate to kill the fourth or even fifth level living corpse will get a lot of points.
小叶子兵团的成员几乎包揽了前十名。 The members of the Xiaoye Regiment almost swept the top ten.
但出乎意料的是第二名，并不是小叶子兵团中的任何一人，而是双月的一名学生，他也杀死了一只五级活尸。
But unexpectedly, the second place was not any one from the Little Leaf Corps, but a student of Shuangyue, who also killed a fifth-level living corpse.
双月的布鲁校长和一些了解这名学生实力的双月教授以及学生，心中都在叹息。
Principal Blue of the Two Moons and some of the professors and students who knew the strength of the student were all sighing in their hearts.
这名学生可是他们双月准备的杀手锏之一，在比赛开始前，了解这名学生的人都认定这次召唤比试，他肯定能为学校拿个第一回 来。
This student was one of the killer tools they had prepared for the fortnight, and before the start of the competition, everyone who knew the student knew that he would definitely get a first time for the school in this summoning competition.
谁想到陨星那个小叶子异军突起，不但召唤出来的虫子强大，本身的实力貌似也达到了五级，更因为强大的辅助能力凝聚了不少人在他身边帮他，以至于让他分数远远超过其他学生。
Who would have thought that the little leaf of the falling star had sprung up, not only was the summoned insect powerful, but its own strength seemed to have reached level five, and because of the powerful auxiliary ability, many people were gathered by his side to help him, so that his score far exceeded that of other students.
王叶的分数是第二名的一倍还多，这是什么概念？ Wang Ye's score is more than double that of second place, what is this concept?
完全就是碾压性质的胜利，让你连追赶的力气都没了。 It's a crushing victory, so you don't even have the strength to catch up.
那名双月学生出来时从师长口中听到小叶子的分数，脸色都变了。
When the bilunar student came out, he heard Xiao Yezi's score from the teacher's mouth, and his face changed.
但小叶子的第一名，没有任何人有意见，就算心里再不爽，观赛的所有观众们也认为这小孩拿第一是绝对的实至名归。
But Xiao Yezi's first place, no one has any opinions, even if they are unhappy, all the spectators who watched the game think that this kid deserves to win the first place.
“最后，让我们恭喜陨星魔法学校的小叶子，他以本次比试最高分夺得召唤比试的第一名！”
"Finally, let's congratulate Xiao Yezi of the Falling Star Magic School, who won the first place in the summoning competition with the highest score in this competition!"
全场欢呼！ The audience cheered!
陨星的学生都要高兴疯了，纷纷高喊小叶子的名字。 The students of the Falling Star were crazy with joy, and they all shouted the name of Xiao Yezi.
光幕中面目严肃到略有些刻薄的魔法师公会总会长大人目光似乎穿过光幕，落到了王小叶身上，她的声音温和了一点，说道：“恭喜小叶子，你获得了一项百年荣誉，成为各校大比百年以来，唯一的双项双第一！再往前追溯的双项第一，还是在一百二十年前。”
The eyes of the Magicians Guild Leader, who was so serious that he was a little mean, seemed to pass through the light curtain and fell on Wang Xiaoye, her voice was a little softer, and said: "Congratulations to Xiao Yezi, you have won a centennial honor and become the only double double first in each school in the past hundred years!" The double firsts going back further back were 120 years ago. ”
哇哦！学生们大哗。 Wow! The students were in an uproar.
王叶感到无数目光向他投注过来。 Wang Ye felt countless eyes turn towards him.
雷木单手搭在王叶的肩膀上，肌肉明显紧张起来。 Lei Mu put one hand on Wang Ye's shoulder, and his muscles were visibly tense.
“不用担心，我们都在。” "Don't worry, we're all here."
王叶转头，就看到身后坐了两个黑袍人。 Wang Ye turned his head and saw two black-robed people sitting behind him.
王叶脱口就要喊出教授两字。人都坐到身后了，他也不可能再假装不知道这两位大佬已经过来的事实。
Wang Ye blurted out the word professor as soon as he spoke. Everyone was sitting behind him, and it was impossible for him to pretend not to know the fact that the two bigwigs had already come.
黑袍人之一抬起手，“行了，滚去领你的奖，其他事，等大比全部结束后再说。”
One of the black-robed men raised his hand, "Okay, go and get your prize, and the rest will be said when the big competition is over." ”
另一名黑袍人带着笑意道：“你这次可是把我们的乾明副校长给吓坏了，等回去你可要好好谢谢他。”
Another black-robed man said with a smile: "You frightened our Vice Principal Qianming this time, you have to thank him when you go back." ”
王叶点头，他又不是不知好歹，学校对他的爱护之意和维护之心，没有半点掩饰。
Wang Ye nodded, he didn't know what to do, the school's love and maintenance for him did not hide it at all.
说学校是因为看中他的价值才会对他好？ Say that the school will be good to him because it values him?
那他难道不是就看中陨星的护短和良好名声才进去的吗？
Didn't he just take a fancy to the meteorite's protection and good reputation?
虽说一开始学校因为他中了千木之毒把他分到杂学院九班，但讲真心话，学校并没有在其他方面亏待他，该给他的资源也没少给他。相反，能给他开方便之门的就给他开了。
Although the school assigned him to Class 9 of the Miscellaneous Academy because he was poisoned by a thousand trees at the beginning, to be honest, the school did not treat him badly in other aspects, and the resources that should be given to him were not less. On the contrary, those who can open the door to him will open it to him.
更不要说后来虫老和兰道教授，包括那位覃副校长，都在全心全意地培养他。
Not to mention that later Worm Lao and Professor Landau, including Vice Principal Qin, were cultivating him wholeheartedly.
黑袍人之一忽然道：“学校对你好，不止是因为你现在表现出来的天才，而是你前面做的几件事情。”
One of the black-robed people suddenly said: "The school is good to you, not only because of the genius you are showing now, but because of the few things you have done before. ”
王叶一愣，随后就插腰得意笑了起来。 Wang Ye was stunned for a moment, and then he stepped in and laughed proudly.
他对这两位说话随便得多，想怎么说就怎么说：“我知道，天才对学校没贡献也没用，我可是帮学校解决了好几个隐患。”
He spoke to these two people much more casually, and said whatever he wanted: "I know, geniuses don't contribute to the school and are useless, but I have helped the school solve several hidden dangers." ”
黑袍人见这小子心里明镜似的清楚，就没再多说。 The black-robed man saw that this kid was as clear as a mirror in his heart, so he didn't say anything more.
学校确实重视天才，但这个天才是想着学校还是不想着学校，绝对关系到学校对这名学生的态度和资源倾斜度。而王叶明显让学校把他归到了“肯为学校着想，还是超级天才学生”那一列。
The school does value geniuses, but whether this genius thinks about the school or doesn't want the school is definitely related to the school's attitude towards the student and the inclination of resources. And Wang Ye obviously asked the school to put him in the column of "willing to think about the school and still a super genius student".
更不要说，王小叶在这两次比试中，不止显示出了他超凡的能力，更因为他的人格魅力（？）笼络了不少超凡者学校，而且还不止是人族学校，他竟然把最难笼络的几个智慧种族学校都给笼络了。
Not to mention, Wang Xiaoye not only showed his extraordinary ability in these two competitions, but also because of his personality charm (?) There are a lot of transcendent schools, and not only Terran schools, he has even enveloped several schools of the most difficult intelligent races.
要问这世间最宝贵的资源是什么？ What is the most precious resource in the world?
人脉资源绝对是其中之一。 Networking resources are definitely one of them.
更更宝贵的是，小叶子还不是特意笼络，也不是故意施恩，他就那么自自然然和大家处到了一起。
What's even more precious is that Xiao Yezi is not deliberately enveloped, nor is he deliberately gracious, he is so naturally with everyone.
小叶子的性格不能说好，更缺陷多多，但他就和陨星一样，只要是被他划到自己人范围的，他就会护着。而聚集在他身边的人，显然也都看出了这点。
Xiao Yezi's personality can't be said to be good, and he has a lot of flaws, but he is the same as a meteorite, as long as he is classified by him as his own people, he will protect it. And the people gathered around him obviously saw this.
台上，布鲁校长已经在请前三名上台领奖。 On stage, Principal Blue was already inviting the top three to come up to the stage to receive the award.
王叶就跟着工作人员再次上台。 Wang Ye followed the staff to the stage again.
那位廖伊莎总会长从光幕中走了出来，分别给召唤比试的前三名颁奖。
The president of Liao Yisha walked out of the light curtain and presented awards to the top three in the summoning competition.
当走到王叶面前，面容严厉的廖女士抬手想要摸摸王小叶的头。
When she walked in front of Wang Ye, Ms. Liao, who had a stern face, raised her hand and wanted to touch Wang Xiaoye's head.
王叶下意识躲过。 Wang Ye subconsciously dodged.
廖女士收回手，淡淡道：“听说你还报了一项比试，小心贪多嚼不烂，专精一门对你更有好处。”
Ms. Liao withdrew her hand and said lightly: "I heard that you also signed up for a competition, be careful not to chew too much, and it will be more beneficial for you to specialize in one subject." ”
“谢谢指点，我会考虑。”王叶最不擅长应对的就是这种看起来比教导主任还要教导主任的人。
"Thanks for the pointers, I'll consider it." What Wang Ye is not good at dealing with is this kind of person who seems to be more teaching director than the teaching director.
他面对这种人，总是会下意识冒出逆反心理。 In the face of this kind of person, he will always subconsciously rebel.
为了避免让这位总会长大人留下太糟糕的印象，王叶垂下眼眸，不让自己的真实情绪暴露。
In order to avoid leaving a bad impression on the elder, Wang Ye lowered his eyes and did not let his true emotions be exposed.
廖女士忽又问道：“你学的是异术。” Ms. Liao suddenly asked again, "You are learning strange arts." ”
问句，但用的是肯定语气。 Question, but in an affirmative tone.
王叶点头承认，这没什么好遮掩的。 Wang Ye nodded and admitted, there was nothing to hide.
“你的异术很奇特，似乎自成体系。一般来说，异术都比较单一，比如有人是火系，他展现的就都是火系方面的法术。而你……”
"Your magic is peculiar and seems to have its own system. Generally speaking, the magic is relatively simple, for example, if someone is a fire-based spell, he shows all fire-based spells. And you ......"
王叶忍不住了，抬头道：“总会长大人，我的奖杯。” Wang Ye couldn't help it, raised his head and said, "Elder General, my trophy." ”
廖女士：“……”无言地把奖杯放到小孩怀里。 Ms. Liao: "......" wordlessly put the trophy into the child's arms.
王叶立刻高高举起奖杯。 Wang Ye immediately raised the trophy high.
旁边的巨九岩见此，也跟着举起自己的奖杯。 Seeing this, Ju Jiuyan next to him also raised his trophy.
双月的那名学生瞅瞅廖总会长的脸色，随大流地也举起了奖杯。
The student of Shuangyue glanced at President Liao's face and raised the trophy in a hurry.
全场欢呼雷动，掌声阵阵。 The audience cheered and applauded.
廖总会长也没再废话，甚至没有再多看王叶，身影一闪就消失了。
President Liao didn't talk nonsense anymore, and didn't even look at Wang Ye anymore, and his figure disappeared in a flash.
王叶从台上下来，就跟雷木咬耳朵：“那个廖会长有点怪，她看我的眼神像是要把我切开了研究。”
Wang Ye came down from the stage and bit his ear with Lei Mu: "That President Liao is a little weird, she looks at me as if she wants to cut me open and study." ”
雷木皱眉，“她可是魔法师公会总会长，以后你没事别往魔法师公会跑。”
Lei Mu frowned, "She's the head of the Wizards' Guild, so don't run to the Wizards' Guild if you have nothing to do in the future." ”
王叶脑袋挨了一下。 Wang Ye was hit on the head.
王叶知道是谁坐在他后面，也感觉到“攻击”他的气息很熟悉，就没躲没闪……他也躲不开。
Wang Ye knew who was sitting behind him, and he also felt that the aura of "attacking" him was very familiar, so he didn't dodge...... He couldn't hide from it.
“哎哟！老头，你轻一点啊，你就不怕把我敲成笨蛋。”王叶捂着脑袋咕哝。
"Ouch! Be light, old man, and you're not afraid to knock me into a stupid one. Wang Ye covered his head and muttered.
黑袍人之一，虫老冷哼：“你本来就是笨蛋，多敲敲说不定还能让你聪明点。”
One of the black-robed people, the worm elder snorted coldly: "You are originally a stupid person, maybe you can make you smarter if you knock more." ”
兰道失笑，揉揉小孩的脑袋。 Landau smiled and rubbed the child's head.
王叶嘀咕：“那老女人看着就不像好人嘛。” Wang Ye muttered: "That old woman doesn't look like a good person." ”
虫老似乎又要出手揍王小叶了。 It seems that the insect elder is about to beat Wang Xiaoye again.
雷木按住王叶的肩膀，维护意味十足，转头问虫老：“您老怎么看那位？”
Lei Mu pressed Wang Ye's shoulder, full of maintenance, and turned his head to ask the insect elder: "What do you think of that one?" ”
虫老没好气地道：“你们想太多。那老女人确实不是东西，但是你们完全不必担心她会对这小子出手。她只讨厌成年男人，对小孩子还行。”
The worm elder said angrily: "You think too much. The old woman is really not a thing, but you don't have to worry about her going to do anything to this kid. She only hates adult men and is okay with small children. ”
雷木和王叶万没想到会听到这么一个八卦？ Lei Mu and Wang Yewan didn't expect to hear such a gossip?
“那位总会长讨厌男人？”王小叶满脸好奇。 "That president hates men?" Wang Xiaoye's face was full of curiosity.
虫老很想再敲徒弟一下，看雷木护得紧，忍着手痒道：“不要问太多，你们只要知道那老女人规矩多，如果看到成年男子做错事，尤其是对弱者不好的事情，出手会相当狠辣。但也不要太相信她，那老女人心理古怪得很。”
The insect elder wanted to knock the apprentice again, but seeing that Lei Mu was protecting him tightly, he endured the itching of his hands and said: "Don't ask too much, you just need to know that the old woman has many rules, if you see an adult man doing something wrong, especially something bad for the weak, it will be quite ruthless." But don't believe her too much, that old woman is very psychologically weird. ”
王叶很想对雷木说：我觉得老头似乎吃过那位廖总会长的亏。
Wang Ye wanted to say to Lei Mu: I think the old man seems to have suffered the loss of President Liao.
虫老眯眼：“你小子在想什么？” The old worm squinted: "What are you kid thinking?" ”
王叶用力摇头：“没有！什么都没想！” Wang Ye shook his head vigorously: "No!" Didn't think about anything! ”
虫老正要教训这小东西不要胡思乱想，会场再次传来佣兵公会古总会长的厚重声音。
The worm elder was about to teach this little thing not to think nonsense, when the thick voice of the ancient leader of the mercenary guild came from the venue again.
这位大佬现在宣布的事很有意思。 What the big guy is announcing now is interesting.
他说：“鉴于这场召唤比试中很多学生表现不如意，更出现了一些让人看到会叹息的事情。经过考虑，大比策划方给众位参赛者准备了一个弥补机会。”
He said: "In view of the unsatisfactory performance of many students in this calling competition, there are some things that make people sigh when they see it. After consideration, the planner prepared a chance for the contestants to make amends. ”
学生们惊讶地抬起头，尤其是刚才的参赛者们。 The students looked up in surprise, especially the contestants.
古大佬继续道：“如今就在南大陆，接近沼泽森林的希联王国爆发了活尸之乱。大量战士、佣兵正赶往那里杀灭活尸。在此，我们大比策划方正式向刚才召唤比试中的参赛者进行招募，如果有人觉得自己做错了事情，想要弥补，请向你们的师长进行报名。你们将得到为期三个月的义务劳动时间。”
Big Gu continued: "Now in the Southern Continent, the Greek Kingdom close to the swampy forest has broken out in the Living Corpse Rebellion. A large number of warriors and mercenaries are rushing there to kill the living corpses. Here, our big competition planner officially recruits the contestants in the call just now, if anyone feels that they have done something wrong and wants to make amends, please register with your division commander. You will be given three months of compulsory work. ”
“这三个月，凡是义务参加劳动的学生必须服从后方指挥部指挥，辅助当地战士们做好抗敌、转移民众、改造地形等任何辅助性任务。”
"During these three months, all students who volunteer to participate in labor must obey the command of the rear command and assist the local soldiers in any auxiliary tasks such as resisting the enemy, transferring people, and transforming the terrain."
不少学生冒出了议论声。 Many students burst into discussions.
古总会长微微一顿，给了学生们消化理解的时间，又道：“如果有学生觉得自己没有做错，但被刚才的幻境考场指挥官判定你有错，认为你触犯军规，那么你的义务劳动将会变成强制劳动，三个月的时间也会变成半年。同时，任务性质也会改变，挖矿工了解一下，阵前工兵了解一下。”
President Gu paused slightly, gave the students time to digest and understand, and said: "If there are students who feel that they have not done anything wrong, but the commander of the illusion examination room just now judges that you are wrong and thinks that you have violated military regulations, then your voluntary labor will become compulsory labor, and the time of three months will also become half a year." At the same time, the nature of the task will also change, the miners will understand, and the sappers before the battle will understand. ”
全场大哗。 The audience was in an uproar.
可更多学生吹起了口哨，还有人鼓掌，显然非常赞成这种惩罚措施。
But many more students whistled, and some applauded, apparently very much in favor of this punitive measure.
古总会长还说道：“诸位同学，请注意！不止这次召唤比试，从今天开始，以后全双月星各大超凡者学校，凡是犯了超过校规三级以上的错误，都有可能被送到战场和战场后方进行强制义务劳动。”
President Gu also said: "Students, please pay attention! Not only this summoning competition, starting from today, in the future, all the major transcendent schools of the Double Moon Star, if they make a mistake that exceeds the school rules by more than three levels, they may be sent to the battlefield and the rear of the battlefield for compulsory compulsory labor. ”
哐！全场瞬间变得极为安静。 Syllable! The audience instantly became extremely quiet.
学生们都傻眼了。 The students were dumbfounded.
这种惩罚竟然会变成惯例？ How could such punishment become customary?
看别人被惩罚很有意思啦，但轮到自己……那就半点都不美好了。
It's fun to watch others get punished, but it's your turn...... That's not good at all.
很多学生都露出了纠结的表情，他们不是坏学生，他们就是爱捣蛋一点而已，学校一级二级的校规，他们好像经常触犯，三级好像也不是不可能。
Many students showed tangled expressions, they are not bad students, they just love to mischievous, the school rules of the first and second levels, they seem to often violate, and the third level does not seem to be impossible.
学校的师长们都在忍笑。古总会长说的事，已经跟各校商讨过，大家都同意了。
The teachers and teachers of the school were all laughing. What President Gu said has been discussed with all schools, and everyone agrees.
虽然这种强制义务劳动对学生们有点过于严厉，但乱世用重典，这会儿虽然不是乱世，但考虑到以后，给这些小崽子们敲敲警钟也是好的。
Although this kind of compulsory compulsory labor is a bit too harsh for the students, although it is not a troubled time at this time, it is also good to ring the alarm bell for these little cubs in the future.
何况那些义务劳动可不止是义务劳动，更多还是教育为主，让这些生活在象牙塔里的学生能感受到外面普通人的辛苦和凄惨。
What's more, those voluntary labor is not only voluntary labor, but also education-oriented, so that these students living in ivory towers can feel the hardship and misery of ordinary people outside.
魔法师、超凡者，已经太习惯高高在上。 Magicians, transcendentals, are too accustomed to being on top.
现在更有很多超凡者，包括学校里的学生，都潜意识地看不起普通人。
Nowadays, there are many transcendental people, including students in schools, who subconsciously look down on ordinary people.
这种倾向显然不是什么好倾向。 This tendency is clearly not a good tendency.
这事在各校大佬都不反对的情况下，就这么定了下来。 This matter was decided without any objection from the school bosses.
那些自认犯错，十分后悔，想要弥补的学生也巴不得有这么一个机会。
Students who admit that they have made mistakes, regret it very much, and want to make up for it are also eager to have such a chance.
而那些不认为自己有错，却被判有错的学生也不得不去接受这份惩罚。
And those students who don't think they're at fault, but are found to be wrong, have to accept this punishment.
而原本心中还有不少火气的被害者，见到害他们的人都得到了相应惩罚，最后那点火气也消失了。
And the victims, who originally had a lot of anger in their hearts, saw that the people who killed them were punished accordingly, and finally that bit of anger disappeared.
毕竟只是一场幻境比赛，被害者也没有真的受到不可挽回的伤害，大家原谅起来也就更容易一些。
After all, it's just a fantasy game, and the victim hasn't really been irreparably harmed, so it's easier for everyone to forgive.
最后各大学校，包括各大种族之间，最后那点危险苗头也全部被掐灭，大家重新变得和和乐乐。
In the end, the last signs of danger in the major schools, including among the major races, were all extinguished, and everyone became harmonious and happy again.
布鲁校长出来又宣布了一件不知道算不算好的事情，他说考虑到上午大家情绪太激动，很多学生的心理急需安抚，下午的比试就取消了，改为明天早上。
Principal Blue came out and announced another thing that I don't know if it was a good thing, he said that considering that everyone was too emotional in the morning, and many students urgently needed to be comforted, the afternoon competition was canceled and changed to tomorrow morning.
但抽签还是抽了，抽出来的是炼金比试。 But the lottery was still drawn, and what was drawn was an alchemy competition.
中午，好多人杀去了陨星小楼找小叶子吃饭。 At noon, many people went to the Meteorite Building to find Xiao Yezi for dinner.
有些不是召唤比试参赛者的学生也跑去凑热闹了。 Some of the students who weren't calling for the contestants also ran to join in the fun.
乾副校长见此，干脆就在陨星小楼前让随队前来的学校大厨们摆出了大量自助餐饮，随便那些孩子们过来吃喝玩乐。
Seeing this, Vice Principal Qian simply asked the school chefs who came with the team to set up a large number of buffet meals in front of the Meteorite Building, and the children came over to eat, drink and have fun.
第210章 小叶子中毒 Chapter 210: Little Leaf Poisoning
一起吃吃喝喝是最容易增进感情的方式之一。 Eating and drinking together is one of the easiest ways to bond with each other.
尤其在大家发现小叶子又穿回男装后，小巨人寸金追着小叶子问：“你到底是男孩还是女孩啊？”
Especially after everyone found out that Xiao Yezi was wearing men's clothes again, the little giant Cunjin chased after Xiao Yezi and asked, "Are you a boy or a girl?" ”
所有人都被逗得哈哈笑，跟着追问王叶。 Everyone was amused and laughed, and then asked Wang Ye.
王叶很想一脚把寸金踹开，他怎么之前就没发现这个小巨人这么自来熟又黏人呢。
Wang Ye wanted to kick the inch of gold away, why didn't he find out that this little giant was so familiar and sticky before.
不过想到当初几个小巨人蹲在他面摊前流口水的模样，王叶心想他还是被巨人族的体型和巨九岩的稳重给影响了，以为巨人族都是很稳当的人。
However, thinking of the drooling appearance of a few little giants squatting in front of his noodle stall at the beginning, Wang Ye thought that he was still affected by the size of the Giant Clan and the stability of Ju Jiuyan, thinking that the Giant Clan was a very stable person.
实际上除了巨九岩，这些顶着稚嫩脸的小巨人们真的好顽皮而且都超级能吃！
In fact, except for Ju Jiuyan, these little giants with immature faces are really naughty and super edible!
幸好副校长大人愿意掏腰包，还掏得貌似特别开心，桌上的餐饮就没断过档。王叶抹汗，暗中为乾明副校长的腰包心疼了一把。
Fortunately, the vice principal was willing to pay out of his pocket, and he seemed to be very happy, and the food on the table was never broken. Wang Ye wiped his sweat and secretly felt sorry for Vice Principal Qianming's pocket.
“男的。我是男的！”王叶被寸金缠得头大，而且这问题也不需要隐瞒，就很干脆地说了出来。
"Male. I'm a man! Wang Ye was entangled in gold, and there was no need to hide this problem, so he said it very simply.
结果却引来更多问题：“你是男孩子为什么要穿女装？哇，你连头发都是假的？哎，你头上这个大红包是谁揍的？”
It turned out to lead to more questions: "Why are you a boy wearing women's clothes?" Wow, you even have fake hair? Hey, who beat this big red envelope on your head? ”
去掉假发的王叶脑门没了留海遮挡，就露出了中了千木之毒的标志之一：红肿的大包。
Wang Ye, who had removed the wig, had no sea to cover his head, revealing one of the signs of being poisoned by a thousand trees: a red and swollen bag.
“没有为什么，想穿就穿了。你们不想穿穿女孩子的衣裙吗？不觉得很有意思吗？现在小时候穿穿好玩，大了想穿都穿不了。”王小叶一副这事超平常，他就是实验精神旺盛的淡定模样。
"There's no why, just wear it if you want to. Don't you want to wear a girl's dress? Don't you think it's interesting? Now when I was a child, it was fun to wear it, but when I was older, I couldn't wear it. Wang Xiaoye looked like this was very ordinary, he was a calm appearance with a strong experimental spirit.
见他这个模样，大家一起发出“切”声。 Seeing him like this, everyone made a "cut" sound together.
巨寸金同学很老实地道：“我小时候好像也穿过，我妈给我穿的。但大了就不是很想穿，大家会笑话。”
The giant inch Jin classmate said honestly: "I seem to have worn it when I was a child, and my mother wore it for me." But when you get older, you don't really want to wear it, and everyone will laugh at it. ”
狮平原举手：“我妈在我小时候也给我穿过，她还给我留下了魔法照片。不过说真的，我小时候穿裙子挺好看的。”
Shi Pingyuan raised his hand: "My mother also wore it for me when I was a child, and she also left me a magical photo." But seriously, I looked good in a dress when I was a kid. ”
狮平原不以为耻，还美滋滋的，他小时候其实更想做只母狮子什么的愿望，就不用跟大家说了。
Shiyuan is not ashamed, it is still beautiful, he actually wanted to be a lioness or something when he was a child, so I don't need to tell you.
“哈哈哈，原来你们老妈也坑过你们，我也是啊！小时候我们家邻居都以为我妈生了个女儿。”
"Hahaha, it turns out that your mother has also cheated you, and so am I! When I was a child, my neighbors thought my mom had given birth to a daughter. ”
“哎呀，我们那里还有男孩子生下来就要当女儿养的风俗，说是这样容易养大，不会被魔鬼抓走。”
"Oh, we still have the custom that boys are born as daughters, saying that it is so easy to raise and will not be captured by the devil."
开头开得好，其他少年也彻底放开了，纷纷说起自己的黑历史。还有人说自己偷偷穿过姐姐的裙子、用过姐姐的胭脂，把脸涂成了猴子屁股，还自以为美得很。
The beginning was good, and the other teenagers also completely let go, and they talked about their black history. There are also people who say that they secretly wore their sister's skirt, used their sister's rouge, painted their faces into monkey butts, and thought they were beautiful.
雷木和巨九岩几个年龄比较大的就在一边听他们说笑，并随意聊着天。
Lei Mu and Ju Jiuyan were a few older people who listened to them laughing and chatting casually.
“小叶子，我有话跟你说。”海族那名叫做巫秘的少年把王叶单独拉到了一边。
"Xiao Yezi, I have something to tell you." The young man of the Sea Clan, called the Witch Secret, pulled Wang Ye aside alone.
雷木往那边看了看，没跟过去。 Raimu looked over there and didn't follow.
王叶记得这名海族学生，该生召唤术和本身法术都挺厉害，他召唤来的飞鲨真的能飞，好多活尸魔鸟都被那只飞鲨一口一只直接咬碎。而且他卷起的海浪也是铺天盖地，最后那名五级活尸魔法师的火焰大多就是这位扛住的。
Wang Ye remembered that this Sea Clan student, the summoning technique and his own spells were very powerful, the flying shark he summoned could really fly, and many living corpse demon birds were directly bitten by the flying shark one by one. Moreover, the waves he rolled up were also overwhelming, and most of the flames of the fifth-level living corpse mage in the end were carried by this one.
这还是在陆地，海族的力量足足被削减了三四成以上。 This is still on land, and the strength of the Sea Clan has been reduced by more than three or four percent.
如果是在海里，可知这位海族学生会有多强大。 If it's in the sea, you can see how powerful this sea clan student will be.
虽然这届比试的地点对海族有点不利，不过据说下届比试就是在海族那边，等那时候策划方在设计考场上也会比较偏向海族。
Although the location of this competition is a bit unfavorable to the Sea Clan, it is said that the next competition will be on the Sea Clan's side, and at that time, the planner will be more biased towards the Sea Clan in the design examination room.
这大概就是对举办方的优待？ This is probably the preferential treatment for the organizers?
“你想跟我说什么？”王叶问。 "What do you want to tell me?" Wang Ye asked.
巫秘压低声音，还弄了个水球结界，捂着嘴唇很认真地道：“你知道你的治疗能力很特殊吗？”
Wu Mi lowered his voice, made a water balloon enchantment, covered his lips and said seriously, "Do you know that your healing ability is very special? ”
王叶挑眉。 Wang Ye raised his eyebrows.
巫秘见此，就明白小叶子应该是对自己的治疗能力的特殊性多少有些了解的，至少不是完全不知。
Seeing this, Wu Mi understood that Xiao Yezi should have some understanding of the particularity of his healing ability, at least not at all.
“你放心，我不会说出去。不过你之前治疗的人太多，恐怕也会有其他人察觉你的治疗术与众不同。”
"Don't worry, I won't say it. However, you have treated too many people before, and I am afraid that there will be others who will notice that your healing skills are different. ”
“与众不同？” "Different?"
“对。别人的治疗术只是治疗伤势，可是你的似乎还能修复暗伤，甚至……”明明在水球结界里，别人不会听得见，但巫秘还是把声音压得更低地说道：“甚至就连受损的资质和精神核，你也能修复。”
"Yes. Other people's healing techniques only heal injuries, but yours seems to be able to repair dark injuries, and even ......" Obviously, in the water polo enchantment, others will not be able to hear it, but Wu Mi still lowered his voice and said: "Even the damaged qualifications and spiritual cores can be repaired." ”
“哦。”王叶早就知道这点，他的治疗术可能因为使用的是因果之力的缘故，似乎确实能从根本修复某些伤害。
"Oh." Wang Ye had known this for a long time, and his healing technique might indeed be able to repair some injuries fundamentally because he was using the power of cause and effect.
就连别人体内无法明确找到的寄生虫族和寄生虫，他也能凭借因果线抓到并杀死。
巫秘见小叶子似乎没把自己的特殊当回事，有点急道：“没有治疗术能修复受损的资质和精神核，因为那是本源伤害，就像没有人能凭借治疗术就把活尸之毒拔除，更不可能让死人复活一样。”
Seeing that Xiao Yezi didn't seem to take his specialness seriously, Wu Mi said a little anxiously: "There is no healing technique that can repair the damaged qualifications and spiritual cores, because it is the origin damage, just like no one can use the healing technique to remove the poison of the living corpse, let alone resurrect the dead." ”
王叶：不好意思，我好像就会复活术，虽然还没试过对玩家以外的人使用有没有效果。
Wang Ye: I'm sorry, I seem to be able to resurrect the technique, although I haven't tried to use it on people other than the player.
巫秘一把抓住王叶的手臂：“而你可以做到！这证明你的异术，或者你本身，一定很特殊。你明白吗？这涉及到你的血脉。而这世上，有些人对特殊血脉特别追求特别疯狂，如果让他们知道你如此特殊，他们一定不会放过你。你明白吗？你一定要小心！”
Wu Mi grabbed Wang Ye's arm: "And you can do it!" This proves that your magic, or you yourself, must be special. Do you understand? It's in your bloodline. And in this world, some people are crazy about the pursuit of special bloodlines, and if they know that you are so special, they will definitely not let you go. Do you understand? You have to be careful! ”
“谢谢。”王叶能感觉出这位海族朋友的真心关切和着急，也诚挚道谢道。
王叶还猜测到巫秘的血脉很可能也很特殊，甚至因此遭到了一些迫害，才会对他这么感同身受。
Wang Ye also guessed that the bloodline of the witch was probably also very special, and he was even persecuted because of this, so he would empathize with him so much.
巫秘大概也觉得自己太激动了，不好意思地放开手，但他还是尽力把自己知道的事都告诉了小叶子，想让小叶子提防。
Wu Mi probably felt that he was too excited and let go of his hand embarrassedly, but he still tried his best to tell Xiao Yezi everything he knew, wanting Xiao Yezi to be on guard.
“你知道现在的异术者就是古时候的神眷者吗？” "Did you know that the current magicians are the gods of the ancient times?"
“知道。” "Yes."
“那你知道为什么神眷者会改名叫异术者吗？” "Then do you know why the Divine Favor changed his name to the Alien?"
王叶偏头：“据说是因为魔法师不爽神眷者这个名头？”
Wang Ye tilted his head: "It is said that it is because the magician is unhappy with the name of the god?" ”
“这只是其中之一，更大的原因就是因为有一群疯狂的人认为神眷者的血脉很可能真的隐藏了神的血脉，或者是成神的秘密，所以很长时间，神眷者都被人暗中捕捉、贩卖、研究。后来虽然这个组织被找到、被摧毁，一些神眷者被救了出来，但伤害已经造成，很多神眷者家族从世上消失。而神眷者也就是从那时候开始，不再自称神眷者。”
"This is just one of them, and the bigger reason is because there is a group of crazy people who think that the bloodline of the gods is likely to really hide the bloodline of the gods, or the secret of becoming gods, so for a long time, the gods have been secretly captured, sold, and studied. Later, although this organization was found and destroyed, and some of the gods were rescued, the damage had already been done, and many of the gods and goddesses disappeared from the world. And from that time on, the Divine Favor no longer called himself the Divine Favorite. ”
王叶还是第一次听到这样的秘闻，有点惊讶，“那个组织叫什么？”
It was the first time for Wang Ye to hear such a secret news, and he was a little surprised, "What is that organization called?" ”
巫秘说出了一个只有少数人才知道的历史秘闻：“叫真神会，很古早的教派。那时候该教派和屠魔教被并称为两大邪教。也有人说真神会其实就是屠魔教的分支，因为真神会的行为引起了各族震怒，被共同讨伐，屠魔教为了不引火烧身，就自断其臂，把真神会抛弃了。”
The Witch Secret told a historical secret that only a few people knew: "It's called the True God Society, a very ancient sect. At that time, the sect and the demon slayer sect were called the two major cults. It is also said that the True God Society is actually a branch of the Demon Slayer Sect, because the actions of the True God Society caused the anger of all ethnic groups and were jointly defeated, and the Demon Slayer Sect cut off its arms and abandoned the True God Society in order not to set itself on fire. ”
王叶知道屠魔教，这个教派现在还存在，是全双月星最跟魔种过不去的教派。
Wang Ye knew that the Demon Slaying Sect, this sect still existed now, and it was the sect that the whole Shuangyue Star couldn't get along with the demon seed the most.
但这个教派的发展一直受到各大公会打压，很多国家的王室也防着他们，加上他们的教义也不是那么亲民，这才没有发展成世界性质的超大教派。
However, the development of this sect has been suppressed by the major guilds, and the royal families of many countries have also guarded against them, and their teachings are not so close to the people, so it has not developed into a super-large sect of world nature.
现在双月星最大的宗教组织叫拜月教。 Now the largest religious organization of the Double Moon Star is called the Lunatic Cult.
听起来像是武侠小说中不正经的教派名字。实际上，因为双月星以月为名，双月星人对月亮的感情非常深厚，拜月教这个名字就很附和双月星人的喜好，而且教义也简单易懂，教派行事也亲民，宣扬真善美，加上他们的真神就是月神，还一男一女，即暗指双月，又附和世情。
Sounds like an unorthodox sect name in a martial arts novel. In fact, because the Twin Moon Star is named after the moon, the Twin Moon Star people have a very deep affection for the moon, and the name Lunatic Worship Religion is very much in line with the preferences of the Twin Moon Star people, and the doctrine is also simple and easy to understand, and the sect is also close to the people, preaching truth, goodness and beauty, plus their true god is the Moon God, and there is a man and a woman, which alludes to the Double Moon and echoes the world.
故而拜月教建立之初，在双月星人眼中的好感度就很高。
Therefore, at the beginning of the establishment of the Lunatic Cult, the favorability in the eyes of the people of the Double Moon Star was very high.
拜月教的教义，在王叶这个地球人看来，大部分都没问题，只一点让王叶无法苟同。
The teachings of the Lunatic Cult, in the eyes of Wang Ye, an earthling, are mostly fine, but there is only one point that Wang Ye cannot agree with.
该教派的人认为神灵凌驾于所有生物之上，而所有生物的天赋、资质、头脑、心性，尤其是身份地位，那都是天生注定，是神的旨意。所以什么样身份地位的人就应该过什么样的生活，而高贵的人从血脉之初就比别人高贵。
The people of this sect believe that the gods are above all living beings, and that all living beings' talents, aptitudes, minds, hearts, and especially status are predestined and are God's will. Therefore, what kind of status and status people should live, and noble people are nobler than others from the beginning of their bloodline.
大概是这种教义非常符合贵族对平民的统治需求，就跟华夏古时候的儒教思想非常符合帝王的需要一样，双月星很多国家统治者都认可拜月教，还有的干脆以拜月教为国教。
Probably this kind of doctrine is very much in line with the ruling needs of the aristocracy for the common people, just as the Confucianism in ancient China was very much in line with the needs of the emperor, and many rulers of Shuangyuexing recognized the moon worship, and some simply took the moon worship religion as the state religion.
从上到下的普及，拜月教发展之迅猛，让他这个地球人看了都震惊。
From top to bottom, the rapid development of the Lunatic Cult shocked him, an earthling.
王叶也不知道自己为什么会突然想到拜月教，就好像冥冥中有什么牵动了他的神经。
Wang Ye didn't know why he suddenly thought of the Lunatic Cult, as if something in the dark had touched his nerves.
明明这个拜月教在“上辈子的游戏”中，给所有玩家的感觉更像是一个普通宗教组织，就好像一个背景设定一样，真心不起眼。
Obviously, this Lunatic Cult in the "game of the previous life" feels more like an ordinary religious organization to all players, just like a background setting, and it is really inconspicuous.
可换个思维，想想看一个遍及整个双月星、教众数量数亿的偌大教派竟然还不如长生会引人注目，这事是不是也有点可怕？
But to think about it a different way, think about it, a huge sect that spreads throughout the entire Twin Moon Stars and has hundreds of millions of sect members is not as eye-catching as Immortal, isn't this also a bit scary?
而王叶之所以会突然想到这个拜月教，是因为他曾在那部精灵族地被摧毁的资料片中看到了该教派的身影。那只是一个片段，可不知为何，王叶想起那个片段后，就特别在意，难以忘怀。
And the reason why Wang Ye suddenly thought of this Lunatic Cult was because he had seen the sect in the expansion film where the elven land was destroyed. It was just a fragment, but for some reason, after Wang Ye remembered that fragment, he was very concerned and unforgettable.
巫秘不知道王叶脑中在想什么，他还在说：“所以真神会看起来消失了，实际上根本没有。听说两百年前还出现了一个神秘的组织，专门捕捉天才，当时双月星最有名的知识之城就因此而毁。人族还因此造成知识断层，而其他各大智慧种族也因为天才受损，受到了不小影响。”
Wu Mi didn't know what was going on in Wang Ye's mind, he was still saying, "So the true god will seem to have disappeared, but in fact there is no at all." I heard that two hundred years ago, a mysterious organization appeared to capture geniuses, and the most famous city of knowledge of the Twin Moon Star was destroyed because of this. The human race has also caused a knowledge gap because of this, and the other major intelligent races have also been affected a lot because of the loss of genius. ”
王叶：“是长生……” Wang Ye: "It's an immortal ......"
“嘘！”巫秘一把捂住王叶的嘴，严肃又有点放心地道：“看来你也知道不少。那你也应该知道这个组织有多讨厌了，他们藏在暗中，就像毒蛇一样，外面那些黑暗魔法，魂转阵、夺舍之类就是他们搞出来的。你千万小心，你这样的天才小孩，最容易被那种恶心的组织盯上了。”
"Shh Wu Mi covered Wang Ye's mouth, and said seriously and a little reassuringly: "It seems that you also know a lot." Then you should also know how annoying this organization is, they are hiding in the dark, like poisonous snakes, and those dark magic outside, soul transformation arrays, seizures, etc., are all made by them. You must be careful, a genius child like you is most likely to be targeted by that disgusting organization. ”
“一脉相承啊。”王叶喃喃自语。 "It's in the same vein." Wang Ye muttered to himself.
“你说什么？”巫秘没听清楚。 "What did you say?" The witch didn't hear it clearly.
王叶眨眼：“我说那个真神会、屠魔教、还有你不让我说的那个组织，你有没有觉得他们走的是同一个路子？”
Wang Ye blinked: "I said that the True God Society, the Demon Slaying Sect, and the organization you didn't let me talk about, do you think they are going the same way?" ”
巫秘愣住。 Witch Secret froze.
王叶拍拍巫秘的手臂：“谢谢你的提醒。你这番话对我非常重要，让我想通了很多事情。巫秘是吧，以后我们就是朋友了。”
Wang Ye patted Wu Mi's arm: "Thank you for the reminder." Your words are very important to me and make me think through a lot of things. Witchcraft, we'll be friends from now on. ”
巫秘被小叶子小大人的样子逗笑：“我以为我们已经是朋友。”
Wu Mi was amused by Xiao Yezi's little adult appearance: "I thought we were already friends. ”
“你说得没错，我们已经是朋友。”王叶也跟着笑起来。
"You're right, we're already friends." Wang Ye also laughed.
巫秘：“我可以把你的猜测和我的长辈提一提吗？” Witch: "May I mention your speculation to my elders?" ”
“当然可以。你提就是，我就是瞎猜。”王叶抓出一包自产自做的蔬菜干，递到巫秘面前，又示意他可以撤掉水球了。
"Absolutely. You mention it, I'm just guessing. Wang Ye grabbed a packet of home-grown dried vegetables, handed it to the witch, and signaled that he could remove the water balloon.
巫秘撤掉水球结界，也没客气，随手捏了一片。 The witch removed the water balloon enchantment, and was not polite, and pinched a piece casually.
王叶也往自己嘴里丢了一片。 Wang Ye also threw a piece into his mouth.
“咔嚓。”两人一起咀嚼。 "Click." The two chew together.
巫秘眼睛一亮，很意外啊，这蔬菜干竟然很好吃。 Wu Mi's eyes lit up, and he was surprised that this dried vegetable was delicious.
“这是你卖面条时放的蔬菜做的蔬菜干？”巫秘问。 "This is a dried vegetable made from the vegetables you put in when you sell noodles?" Witch asked.
王叶点头：“对，有些蔬菜到了收获期，不收也是浪费能量，还会长老，就收起来做了一批蔬菜干。”
Wang Ye nodded: "Yes, some vegetables are in the harvest period, and it is a waste of energy if they are not harvested, and they will be elders, so they will be put away and make a batch of dried vegetables." ”
“有很多吗？那能卖我一些吗？”巫秘很期盼地问。 "Are there a lot of them? Can you sell me some? The witch asked expectantly.
王叶示意巫秘伸手，往他手掌上倒了一小堆蔬菜干：“你多尝点，如果你真的喜欢，我们再谈。”
Wang Ye motioned for Wu Mi to reach out and poured a small pile of dried vegetables into his palm: "You taste more, if you really like it, let's talk about it." ”
“好的。”巫秘又捏起一片蔬菜干放进嘴里，咔嚓咔嚓咬得很幸福。
"Okay." The witch secretly pinched another piece of dried vegetables and put it in his mouth, and clicked and bit happily.
蔬菜干并不干硬，而是做成了酥脆的口感，但又没有过油，吃到嘴里，像果干一样清爽，还微带甘甜，当零食非常不错，尤其这蔬菜干还是魔食，吃了似乎有排除身体杂质的效果。
Dried vegetables are not dry and hard, but made into a crispy taste, but not too oily, eat into the mouth, as refreshing as dried fruits, but also slightly sweet, when snacks are very good, especially this dried vegetables or magic food, eating seems to have the effect of eliminating impurities in the body.
巫秘看王叶似乎半点都没有因为他刚才的提醒而着急的样子，不由道：“你不担心吗？”
Wu Mi saw that Wang Ye didn't seem to be in a hurry at all because of the reminder he just had, and couldn't help but say, "Aren't you worried?" ”
王叶诡异一笑：“有什么好担心的？我又不是真正的天才，好吧，也许我现在还是，但未来就很难说了。”
Wang Ye smiled weirdly: "What is there to worry about?" I'm not really a genius, well, maybe I still am, but it's hard to say what the future holds. ”
“嗯？你怎么会这样认为？”巫秘惊讶：“不会的，小叶子你绝对不会是那种小时了了……”
"Huh? How do you think so? Wu Mi was surprised: "No, Xiaoyezi, you will definitely not be that kind of hour......"
“我中了千木之毒。”王叶道。 "I've been poisoned by a thousand trees." Wang Ye said.
啪嚓！巫秘手掌一握，剩下的几片蔬菜干都被捏碎。 Smack! The witch clenched his palm, and the remaining slices of dried vegetables were crushed.
千木之毒，天下十大不可解的绝毒之一，最大作用就是摧毁资质，能让一个超级天才在一两年里逐渐沦为庸才，等到变成白痴的时候，人也差不多要死了。
The poison of a thousand trees, one of the top ten insoluble poisons in the world, has the greatest effect of destroying qualifications, which can make a super genius gradually become a mediocre talent in a year or two, and when he becomes an idiot, he will almost die.
可谓是最歹毒的毒药之一。 It can be described as one of the most vicious poisons.
就没有哪个天才不害怕这个毒的。 There is no genius who is not afraid of this poison.
对于天才们来说，他们宁可直接被毒死，都不愿意看着自己一点点变得平庸，最后还落得变成白痴死亡的下场。
For geniuses, they would rather be poisoned directly than watch themselves become mediocre little by little, and finally end up dying as idiots.
“小叶子，你刚才说什么？你中了千木之毒？！”一道惊讶的叫声在两人耳边炸响。
"Little Yezi, what did you just say? You've been poisoned by a thousand trees?! A cry of surprise exploded in their ears.
巨寸金之前看海族生巫秘拉着小叶子到一边说话，还布置了一个水球结界，他就好奇得不得了。
Ju Cunjin was very curious when he saw the sea clan's witch secret pulling Xiao Ye to the side to talk, and also arranged a water ball enchantment.
等看到他们把水球撤了，又看到小叶子似乎送了些好吃的给那个海族生，小巨人就忍不住了，几步就跑过来，正想凑过去问两人在吃什么，就听到小叶子自爆了一个可怕消息。
When he saw that they had withdrawn the water balloon, and saw that Xiao Yezi seemed to have sent some delicious food to the sea tribe, the little giant couldn't help it, and ran over in a few steps, and was about to lean over and ask what the two were eating, when he heard Xiao Yezi blow up a terrible news.
寸金同学因为太震惊，一时就忘记收声。 Cun Jin was so shocked that he forgot to shut up for a while.
等他叫出来，才发现自己说破了什么事，当即后悔无比。
When he called out, he realized that he had said something, and he immediately regretted it.
王叶却一脸淡定地摆手说：“不用在意，我中了千木之毒的事，我们学校的师长都知道，这事也没什么好隐瞒的。我要不想人知道，刚才就不会说出来。”
Wang Ye waved his hand calmly and said, "Don't worry, I have been poisoned by a thousand trees, and the teachers of our school know it, and there is nothing to hide about it." If I didn't want people to know, I wouldn't have said it just now. ”
寸金抓着脑袋，这才好受一点。 Inch Jin grabbed his head, which was a little better.
巨九岩过来就给他脑袋一巴掌。 Ju Jiuyan came over and slapped him in the head.
寸金知道自己嘴快做错事，也不敢反抗，更不敢嘀咕，蔫哒哒的垂着头。
Cunjin knew that he was about to do something wrong, and he didn't dare to resist, let alone mutter, and hung his head with a wilt.
还是王叶过来捶捶他的小腿，问他想不想吃面条，才把这可怜巨孩子给逗开心了。
It was Wang Ye who came over and beat his calves and asked him if he wanted to eat noodles, which amused the poor giant boy.
王叶：抱歉啊，本来就想宣传出去。为此他当时说话的音量本身就不小。寸金不惊叫，附近也有人听到。
Wang Ye: I'm sorry, I wanted to spread the word. For this reason, the volume of his speech at that time was not small in itself. Cun Jin didn't scream, and someone nearby heard it.
雷木听到王叶自己主动说出他中了千木之毒的事，再看到王叶对他眨眼的模样，就猜到他的打算了。
Lei Mu heard Wang Ye himself take the initiative to say that he had been poisoned by a thousand trees, and then saw Wang Ye winking at him, so he guessed his plan.
想了想，雷木觉得王叶这招有点剑走偏锋，但也不是没有好处。
After thinking about it, Lei Mu felt that Wang Ye's move was a bit of a sword off-edge, but it was not without benefits.
乾明副校长等陨星大佬就没有在学生们的自助餐会出现，他们和其他学校的大佬一样，躲在暗处保护着这些孩子。
Vice Principal Qianming and other Meteorite bigwigs did not appear in the students' buffet, and they, like other school bigwigs, hid in the shadows to protect these children.
当然啦，孩子们在吃吃喝喝，他们也不可能干看着。 Of course, the children are eating and drinking, and they can't just watch.
乾副校长就把其他学校的大佬请到了陨星小楼，开了宴席，请他们一边享受美食，一边看护外面的小崽子们。
Vice Principal Qian invited the bigwigs of other schools to the Meteorite Building, held a banquet, and invited them to enjoy the food while taking care of the little cubs outside.
而寸金和王小叶的对话，这些大佬们自然也都听到了。 And the conversation between Cun Jin and Wang Xiaoye, these bigwigs naturally heard it.
各校大佬不可置信地瞪向乾副校长。 The school bosses glared at Vice Principal Qian in disbelief.
和他关系比较好的大佬立刻问他：“那孩子说的是真的假的？他真的中了千木之毒？”
The boss who had a good relationship with him immediately asked him: "Is what the kid said true or false?" Did he really fall for the poison of a thousand trees? ”
乾明校长心中转了一圈，大概也明白了王小叶的做法，不禁暗赞。
Principal Qianming's heart turned around, and he probably understood Wang Xiaoye's approach, and couldn't help but praise it secretly.
如果有人因为王小叶中了千木之毒，从而不再盯着他，更不再想着挖他们陨星的墙角，那最好！
If someone no longer stares at Wang Xiaoye because of the poison of a thousand trees, let alone digging into the corner of their meteorite, then it is the best!
所以乾副校长非常配合地故意叹息一声，道：“你们看那孩子的额头。”
Therefore, Vice Principal Qian sighed deliberately and said very cooperatively, "Look at that child's forehead. ”
没有留海遮掩的额头，那个红包真的非常显眼。 There is no forehead covered by the sea, and the red envelope is really very conspicuous.
“这、这也太可惜了！”多少大佬流露出痛惜的神色，是真痛惜。
"It's—that's a pity!" How many bigwigs show a look of regret, it is really regrettable.
“小叶子怎么会中了这种毒？谁这么丧心病狂，竟然给这样的天才下这种歹毒的绝毒？”说话的大佬义愤填膺，快气坏了。
"How could Xiao Yezi get this poison? Who is so desperate that such a genius is poisoned? The big guy who spoke was indignant and angry.
这样的宝贝啊，如果是他们学校的，那还不护得跟眼珠子一样，结果就这么被人害了？
Such a baby, if it was their school, wouldn't it be as protective as an eyeball, and it would be so murdered?
还是千木之毒？！ Or is it the poison of a thousand trees?!
乾副校长已经从虫老那里听来了小叶子的身世，就略微含糊地说了一些。
Vice Principal Qian had already heard about Xiao Yezi's life experience from the insect elder, so he said something vaguely.
砰！有大佬把桌子都拍碎了。是巨人族的副校长。 Bang! A big guy smashed the table. He is the vice-principal of the Giants.
“那是哪个国家的国王和王后，我去宰了他们！”巨人副校长暴怒。
"Which country is that, I went and slaughtered them!" The Vice-Principal of the Giant was furious.
乾副校长叹息，摇头道：“我们也想这么做，可小叶子显然对自己的亲人还有一点感情，而且这种仇恨，他肯定更想自己解决。不过幸好的是，那孩子并没有放弃希望，他的教授和我们学校也正在帮他找寻解毒方法，目前进展也还可以，至少那毒已经暂时压制住。”
Vice Principal Qian sighed, shook his head and said, "We want to do this too, but Xiao Yezi obviously still has a little affection for his relatives, and this kind of hatred, he definitely wants to solve it himself." But fortunately, the kid did not give up hope, and his professor and our school are also helping him find a way to detoxify, and the progress is okay so far, at least the poison has been suppressed for the time being. ”
“那就好。如果寻找药材等，有需要帮忙的，尽管开口。”不止一名大佬这样说道。
"That's good. If you need help looking for medicinal herbs, just ask. More than one bigwig said so.
乾副校长连连道谢，他可不会傻到推拒，说有需要的时候一定会开口。
Vice President Qian thanked him again and again, but he would not be stupid enough to refuse, saying that he would definitely speak when necessary.
“对了，一直没问，小叶子的指导教授是谁？那位竟然能压制千木之毒，难道是……贵校魔药学院院长？”提问的人还想着没想到陨星这位院长的药剂学这么厉害了，竟然能压制千木之毒。
"By the way, I haven't asked, who is Xiao Yezi's instructor? That one can suppress the poison of a thousand trees, is it ...... Dean of your school's Potions Academy? The person who asked the question still thought that he didn't expect that the dean's pharmacy was so powerful that he could suppress the poison of a thousand trees.
乾副校长摆手：“不不不，小叶子并不是魔药学院的学生，他的指导教授也不是我们魔药学院的院长。”
Vice Principal Qian waved his hand: "No, no, no, Xiao Yezi is not a student of the Potions Academy, and his instructor is not the dean of our Potions Academy." ”
“哎？哦，对了，小叶子是召唤系，等等，他也是培植系……可培植系和召唤系能解决千木之毒？”这位大佬自己把自己说笑了，“好了，你就别卖关子了，小叶子的指导教授到底是谁？”
"Huh? Oh, by the way, Xiao Ye is a summoning system, and so on, he is also a cultivation system...... Can the cultivable and summoning systems solve the poison of a thousand trees? The big guy laughed at himself, "Okay, don't sell Guanzi, who is Xiao Yezi's instructor?" ”
乾副校长似乎有点为难，但好像又不得不给诸位大佬面子一样，最终还是说道：“我想在场诸位可能有不少人知道虫老就在我们学院的事。”
Vice President Qian seemed a little embarrassed, but as if he had to give face to the big guys, he finally said: "I think there may be many people present who know that Worm Lao is in our academy. ”
众人大惊，兽人族一位大佬更是脱口说出：“难道小叶子的指导教授就是那个虫老魔？”
Everyone was shocked, and a big boss of the orc clan blurted out: "Could it be that Xiao Yezi's instructor is the old worm demon?" ”
乾副校长板正脸色：“不只是指导教授，虫老谁都没看中，一眼就看中了小叶子，已经收他为亲传弟子，唯一的。”
Vice Principal Ban Zheng's face was correct: "It's not just the professor, the old worm doesn't take a fancy to anyone, he has taken a fancy to Xiao Yezi at a glance, and he has already accepted him as a personal disciple, the only one." ”
宴会结束之时，众大佬的表情还有点恍然。 At the end of the banquet, the expressions of the bigwigs were still a little abrupt.
那个虫老魔竟然收弟子了。 That worm old demon actually accepted disciples.
而小叶子竟然就是虫老魔的弟子。 And Xiao Yezi turned out to be the disciple of the old demon of the worm.
最让人感到痛心以及不可思议的是，小叶子还倒霉地中了千木之毒这种绝毒，可他不但没有资质下降，还表现得特别优异。
The most distressing and incredible thing is that Xiao Yezi was also unlucky to be poisoned by the poison of a thousand trees, but not only did he not decline in qualifications, but he also performed very well.
对了，虫老魔在没有玩虫子以前，好像走的就是药师路线？
By the way, before the old worm played with bugs, it seems that he was taking the medicine master route?
这三个消息在当天下午就传遍了整个临时驻扎区，也传到了双月学校、组委会、大比策划会……乃至更远的地方。
In the afternoon of the same day, these three news spread throughout the entire temporary stationing area, and also spread to the Biyue School, the organizing committee, and the Dabi planning meeting...... and beyond.
闻笛：嗯？这是什么鬼流言？王小叶的师父不是我吗？什么时候变成虫老魔了？最重要的是那孩子竟然中了千木之毒？！
Wendi: Huh? What the hell is this rumor? Isn't Wang Xiaoye's master me? When did you become a worm boss? The most important thing is that the kid was poisoned by a thousand trees?!
闻笛坐不住了，决定去找王小叶问问到底是怎么回事。他和小叶子仅有的几次接触，时间都不算长，加上小叶子说的“上一世”的事情又太让他震惊，一时也没注意到小孩身上有什么不妥。
Wen Di couldn't sit still, and decided to go to Wang Xiaoye to ask what was going on. The only few times he had contact with Xiao Yezi was not long, and the things that Xiao Yezi said about "the previous life" shocked him too much, and he didn't notice anything wrong with the child for a while.
这次过去，他一定要好好给小孩做个详细的身体检查。 This time, he must give the child a detailed physical examination.
但走到一半，闻笛又停下脚步。他想到他现在还不适合和小叶子见面，而且就算去了，恐怕陨星的人也不会让他见小孩。
But halfway through, Wen Di stopped again. He thought that it was not suitable for him to meet Xiao Yezi now, and even if he went, he was afraid that the people of Meteor would not let him meet the child.
他虽然能把王叶单独叫出来，但现在注意王小叶的人肯定很多，他也不能保证自己的行踪就一定隐秘。
Although he can call Wang Ye out alone, there must be a lot of people who pay attention to Wang Xiaoye now, and he can't guarantee that his whereabouts will be secret.
再冷静想想，既然小叶子没有在跟他见面之初就提千木之毒的事，就连那么关心小叶子的雷木都没跟他提，那么显然千木之毒要么对王叶构不成威胁，要么就是他们有方法解决。
Thinking about it calmly, since Xiao Yezi didn't mention the matter of Qianmu's poison at the beginning of his meeting with him, and even Lei Mu, who cared so much about Xiaoye, didn't mention it to him, then it was obvious that Qianmu's poison either didn't pose a threat to Wang Ye, or they had a way to solve it.
关心则乱，现在被冷风一吹，终于冷静下来的闻笛就当自己出来散了一趟步，又回去了。
Concern is chaotic, and now it is blown by the cold wind, and Wen Di, who has finally calmed down, thinks that he has come out for a walk and goes back.
至于那小子另外拜师的事……呵，不急，等他把所有比试都比完了再说。
As for the boy's other apprenticeship...... Oh, don't worry, wait until he's done with all the competitions.
虫老听到外面传言，脸上没有露出任何表情，他只是觉得今天傍晚的晚霞有点美，决定去散散步，顺便找些老朋友叙叙旧，就聊聊千木之毒怎么治疗吧。
When the worm heard the rumors outside, he didn't show any expression on his face, he just felt that the sunset was a little beautiful tonight, and decided to go for a walk, and by the way, find some old friends to catch up, and talk about how to treat the poison of a thousand trees.
嗯，就这么决定了。 Well, it was decided.
第211章 炼金比试出事故 Chapter 211: An accident occurred in the alchemy competition
一夜过去，关于陨星某个百年一见的超级小天才不幸被人下了千木之毒的消息，已经传扬得大比与会人员几乎人尽皆知。
After a night, the news that a super genius who had been seen once in a hundred years had unfortunately been poisoned by a thousand trees had spread to the point that almost everyone at the meeting knew about it.
几乎每个见面的人都会先来上一句：“你听说了吗？那个小叶子……”
Almost everyone we meet will start by saying, "Have you heard?" That little leaf......"
陨星学校的学生们十分郁闷，他们第一次知道王小叶竟然中了千木之毒，这似乎也解开了为什么他入学考试成绩那么好却被分入杂学院九班的不解之谜。
The students of the Meteorite School were very depressed, they knew for the first time that Wang Xiaoye had been poisoned by a thousand trees, which seemed to solve the mystery of why he had such a good score in the entrance exam but was placed in the ninth class of the Miscellaneous Academy.
他们想去安慰小叶子，但被学校师长们阻止了，表示没这个必要，小叶子没这么脆弱。
They wanted to comfort Xiao Yezi, but they were stopped by the school teachers, saying that there was no need for this, and Xiao Ye was not so fragile.
大家想想也是，就没特意过去说什么废话。但心里却都决定，以后要好好照顾他们这个小天才，就算小叶子以后真的资质下降，他们也会在学校里保护他，不让他受到风言风语的伤害。
Everyone thought about it, so they didn't go out of their way to talk nonsense. But in their hearts, they all decided that they would take good care of their little genius in the future, even if Xiao Yezi's qualifications really declined in the future, they would protect him in the school and prevent him from being hurt by rumors.
不说其他，就小叶子这次大比给学校创造下的荣誉和贡献就足够他辉煌一生，也足够让陨星学校的所有师生都愿意保护他一生。
Not to mention anything else, the honor and contribution that Xiao Yezi created to the school this time is enough for him to have a brilliant life, and it is enough for all the teachers and students of the Meteorite School to be willing to protect him for the rest of his life.
雷木和王叶并肩走着。 Lei Mu and Wang Ye walked side by side.
“偷看你的人越来越多了。” "More and more people are peeking at you."
“随便他们看，反正又不会少块肉。”重新穿上裙装、戴上假发的王叶无所谓道。
"Whatever they see, there won't be a piece of meat missing anyway." Wang Ye, who put on his skirt and wig again, didn't care.
“倒是你，等会儿千万小心。昨天召唤比试能搞出那样的花头，今天炼金比试说不定也不是常规节目。”
"But you, be careful later. Yesterday's summoning competition was able to make such a flower head, and today's alchemy competition may not be a regular program. ”
“没事，我就算不能拿第一，自保应该不成问题。”雷木轻松道。
"It's okay, even if I can't take the first place, self-protection shouldn't be a problem." Lei Mu said easily.
王叶却莫名生出一股担忧，他总是担心历史的车轮会强行回到原本的轨迹中。
Wang Ye was inexplicably worried, he was always worried that the wheel of history would forcibly return to its original trajectory.
他详细询问过雷木和闻笛师父的结识时间和彼此约定，再从他上辈子从闻笛师父那里得到的一些情报进行倒推分析，再再结合他听到的一些江湖传言，大致推断出了雷木遇险的时间线。
He inquired in detail about the time and agreement between Lei Mu and Master Wen Di, and then made a backward analysis from some information he had obtained from Master Wen Di in his previous life, and combined with some rumors he heard, he roughly deduced the timeline of Lei Mu's distress.
上辈子，雷木应该是在《极度危险》这个游戏运行之后的第九年，被传闻屠国，灭掉了整个银月帝国，成为世界公敌。
In his previous life, Lei Mu should have been in the ninth year after the game "Extreme Danger" was run, and it was rumored that he slaughtered the country, wiped out the entire Silver Moon Empire, and became a public enemy of the world.
而在这之前，雷木行踪成谜，撒坦这个名字也还没有出现在江湖传闻中。
Before that, Lei Mu's whereabouts were a mystery, and the name Satan had not yet appeared in the rumors.
游戏运行第十一年，他进入游戏。那时撒坦已经声名赫赫，成了能止小儿夜啼的魔王，更是被所有玩家认定的双月星第一大Boss。
The game runs for the eleventh year and he enters the game. At that time, Satan had already become famous, becoming a demon king who could stop children's night crying, and he was recognized by all players as the number one boss of the Double Moon Star.
撒坦在游戏运行第十一年到第十三年间，被玩家和双月星土著围杀过多次。
During the game's eleventh to thirteenth years, Satan was besieged several times by players and the natives of the Two Moons.
游戏运行第十四年初，撒坦从双月星销声匿迹。注！雷木很可能就是在此时重伤，并被闻笛师父救下。
At the beginning of the fourteenth year of the game's run, Satan disappeared from the Twin Moons. Concentrate! It is likely that Lei Mu was seriously injured at this time and was rescued by Master Wendi.
游戏运行第十四年中期，六月底，他拜闻笛为师，也在那里遇到了变成傀儡的木木。
In the middle of the fourteenth year of the game, at the end of June, he was taught by Wendi, where he also met Mumu, who had become a puppet.
现在恰好游戏运行已经一整年，如此推算下来，雷木的安全时间貌似应该还有整整十二年。
Now it happens that the game has been running for a whole year, so it seems that Thunderwood's safe time should be a full twelve years.
按理说，他不应该这么焦躁。 It stands to reason that he shouldn't be so agitated.
但两世师父的强烈对比，还有雷木的身世，两人与撒家和长生会的恩怨，这些事一直纠结在他脑中，让他老是忍不住去想：上辈子这段时间闻笛师父遇到了什么事？木木又在哪里？有没有被撒家抓回去？
But the strong contrast between the two masters, as well as Lei Mu's life experience, and the grievances between the two and the Sa family and the Immortal Society, these things have always been entangled in his mind, so he can't help but think: What happened to Master Wendi during this time in his last life? Where is Mumu? Have you ever been caught by Sajia?
更不妙的是，自从昨天下午他忽然联想到拜月教，今天早上起来他就眼皮跳个不停，两只耳朵也滚烫。
What's worse is that since yesterday afternoon he suddenly thought of the Lunatic Cult, and this morning he woke up this morning with his eyelids jumping non-stop and both ears hot.
他把因果卷翻开仔细看了，也没看出什么究竟。 He opened the cause and effect scroll and looked at it carefully, but he didn't see anything.
如果他现在是普通人，那么他眼皮跳，很可能是用眼疲劳。两只耳朵滚烫，要么大脑过于兴奋，要么就是身体或情绪受到刺激，血管扩张变粗造成。
If he is an ordinary person now, then his eyelids are jumping, most likely due to eye fatigue. Both ears are hot, either the brain is too excited, or the blood vessels are dilated and thickened due to physical or emotional stimulation.
可他现在不仅仅是普通人，他还修炼了因果之力，这让王叶怎么敢忽视那挥之不去的古怪“预感”。
But he is not just an ordinary person now, he has also cultivated the power of cause and effect, which makes Wang Ye dare to ignore the lingering strange "premonition".
他甚至本能地感觉到他身上会产生这些类似预知一样的反应，就应在雷木身上。
He even instinctively felt that there would be these precognitive reactions in him, and they should be on Thunderwood.
“木木，”王叶一把握住雷木的手。 "Mu Mu," Wang Yeyi grasped Lei Mu's hand.
“嗯？”雷木感觉到小叶子的紧张，不由失笑。 "Huh?" Lei Mu felt Xiao Yezi's nervousness and couldn't help but smile.
他们俩就像是倒了个，前两天是他担心王叶，今天就轮到小叶子担心他了。
The two of them are like one upside down, two days ago he was worried about Wang Ye, and today it is Xiao Yezi's turn to worry about him.
“这次比赛你一定要保护好自己。” "You have to protect yourself in this competition."
“放心，我不会有事，你知道我的实力。”雷木想给王小叶吃颗定心丸。
"Don't worry, I'll be fine, you know my strength." Lei Mu wanted to give Wang Xiaoye a reassurance.
哪想到小叶子仰头用更幽怨的眼神看他，“木木，我感到你给自己立了一个大大的flag。”
Who thought that Xiao Yezi raised his head and looked at him with more resentful eyes, "Mumu, I feel that you have set a big flag for yourself." ”
雷木：“……” Raimi: "......"
王叶抓着雷木的手指，心想他要是现在就达到玩家八十级就好了，这样他就能激活【祸福相依】这个技能，给予雷木祝福，让他能遇难成祥、逢凶化吉。
Wang Ye grabbed Lei Mu's fingers, thinking that it would be good if he reached the player's level eighty now, so that he could activate the skill of [Blessing and Misfortune] and give Lei Mu a blessing, so that he could become auspicious and turn evil into good fortune when he is in trouble.
顺着心中那点直觉，王叶下意识呢喃道：“木木，答应我，等会儿比试的时候，不要使用你的魔族血脉，更不要使用你的精灵族血脉。”
Following that instinct in his heart, Wang Ye subconsciously murmured: "Mumu, promise me, when you compete later, don't use your demon bloodline, let alone your elf bloodline." ”
雷木微怔，但看小叶子那近乎乞求的眼神，还是点头道：“我知道了，我保证不暴露。”
Lei Mu was slightly stunned, but looking at Xiao Yezi's almost begging eyes, he still nodded and said, "I know, I promise not to expose it." ”
“哪怕看到别人死在你面前？哪怕看到我死在你面前？”王叶严肃问。
"Even if you see someone die in front of you? Even if you see me die in front of you? Wang Ye asked seriously.
雷木深吸气：“我会谨记那就是个幻境考场。” Lei Mu took a deep breath: "I will remember that this is an illusion examination room. ”
“好！你千万千万不要忘了这一点。如果实在不行，你就违反规则，把靳蜘蛛放出去。”王叶说着就把靳大佬直接转移到了雷木空间里。
"Good! You must not forget that. If it really doesn't work, you will break the rules and let Jin Spider out. As Wang Ye spoke, he transferred Big Guy Jin directly to the Lei Mu space.
真实，他恨不得自己进去跟着才好。但他知道木木绝不会同意。
It's real, he can't wait to go in and follow him. But he knew that Mu Mu would never agree.
雷木：“我的空间会被检查出来吧？” Reimi: "My space will be checked, right?" ”
“我上次融合过了，你的空间现在有和我的空间类似的性质，只要关闭起来，就相当于是生物体内自带的空间。那扇传送门应该检查不出来。”王叶对此有九成把握。
"I fused last time, and your space now has a similar nature to mine, as long as it is closed, it is equivalent to the space in the living organism's body. That portal shouldn't be able to be checked. Wang Ye is ninety percent sure of this.
雷木细想片刻，道：“我的空间暂时还是不要放宝贵的东西，这些东西都先放在你那边。”
Lei Mu pondered for a moment and said, "Don't put precious things in my space for the time being, these things will be placed on your side first." ”
王叶同意，但死活要让雷木带上靳蜘蛛。 Wang Ye agreed, but he wanted Lei Mu to bring Jin Spider alive.
靳蜘蛛：“……我需要先提醒你们一件事，我这具身体受到我本身意识的操控，如果距离我本身身体太远，这具蜘蛛身体里的意识将会回到本体中。”
Jin Spider: "...... I need to remind you of one thing first, my body is controlled by my own consciousness, and if it is too far away from my own body, the consciousness in this spider's body will return to its original body. ”
王叶生气：“你看看，每次需要你的时候，你就这也不行、那也不行，你就说你除了下面条，你还能做什么吧？”
Wang Ye was angry: "Look at it, every time you are needed, you can't do this, you can't do that, you just say that you can do anything other than the next strip, right?" ”
靳大佬……憋屈啊！ Mr. Jin...... Aggrieved!
疯药王吃吃笑。 The mad medicine king eats and laughs.
“我教给雷木一个魔法口诀，如果我的意识不能操控这具蜘蛛身体，雷木可以凭借那句魔法口诀，像使用魔器一样操控蜘蛛体做事。”靳蜘蛛终于松了一点口。
"I taught Lei Mu a magic mantra, if my consciousness can't control this spider body, Lei Mu can use that magic mantra to manipulate the spider body to do things like a magic weapon." Jin Spider finally relieved a little.
王叶哼唧：“这还差不多。” Wang Ye snorted: "It's pretty much the same." ”
雷木揉揉王叶的耳朵，“你耳朵好红。” Lei Mu rubbed Wang Ye's ears, "Your ears are so red." ”
王叶睨雷木，扣锅：“还不是因为你。” Wang Ye looked at Lei Mu and buckled the pot: "It's not because of you." ”
雷木：我冤？ Reimu: Am I wronged?
王叶忍不住抓起雷木的手，咬了一口。他烦躁！ Wang Ye couldn't help but grab Lei Mu's hand and take a bite. He's irritable!
雷木……擦掉手指上的口水，再次捏了捏小叶子的耳朵。
Thunderwood ...... Wipe the saliva off your fingers and pinch the ears of the little leaf again.
到了会场，王叶感觉时间过得飞快，似乎转眼间那个双月校长就宣布炼金比试开始，再一转眼，已经到了雷木上台的时候。
When he arrived at the venue, Wang Ye felt that time had passed quickly, and it seemed that in the blink of an eye, the principal of the fortnight had announced the start of the alchemy competition, and in a blink of an eye, it was already time for Lei Mu to take the stage.
“木木！”王叶突然再次一把抓住雷木。 "Mumu!" Wang Ye suddenly grabbed Lei Mu again.
雷木也感到怪异了，他从没有见过小叶子这么紧张。 Lei Mu also felt weird, he had never seen Xiao Ye so nervous.
“把咒怨骷髅拿出来挂到腰带上，把它当做你的魔武。”
"Take out the Cursed Skull and hang it on your belt, and use it as your magic weapon."
王叶因为担心雷木，一直打开着因果卷，眼睛也不时扫过因果卷的变化。
Wang Ye kept opening the cause and effect scroll because he was worried about Lei Mu, and his eyes swept over the changes in the cause and effect scroll from time to time.
而就在刚刚，那位双月校长宣布炼金比试开始的一刹那，与雷木有因果线相连的咒怨骷髅颜色突然变深了一点。
And just now, the moment the Principal of the Two Moons announced the start of the alchemy competition, the color of the cursed resentment skeleton connected to the cause and effect line of Lei Mu suddenly darkened a little.
王叶不知道这代表什么意思，但他既然注意到就不会放过。
Wang Ye didn't know what this meant, but since he noticed it, he wouldn't let it go.
“嗯？好。”雷木原本准备的魔武是他自己炼制的魔器，就是一根最普通的魔杖，但很适合他。
"Huh? Good. "The magic weapon that Lei Mu originally prepared was a magic weapon that he refined himself, which was the most ordinary magic wand, but it was very suitable for him.
可这时候小叶子特别提醒他，让他使用咒怨骷髅当魔武，雷木不想让小叶子失望，就把魔杖取下，换上了咒怨骷髅。
But at this time, Xiao Yezi specially reminded him and asked him to use the curse resentment skeleton as a magic martial art, Lei Mu didn't want to disappoint Xiao Yezi, so he took off the wand and replaced it with a curse resentment skeleton.
就在雷木挂上咒怨骷髅的刹那，王叶就见因果卷里面的那颗咒怨骷髅颜色恢复了正常。
At the moment when Lei Mu hung up the cursed skeleton, Wang Ye saw that the color of the cursed skeleton in the cause and effect scroll had returned to normal.
王叶握拳，希望他赌对了。 Wang Ye clenched his fists, hoping that he had made the right bet.
雷木在快走到舞台中间时，侧身转头对王叶这边挥了挥手。
When Lei Mu was about to walk to the middle of the stage, he turned his head sideways and waved his hand to Wang Ye's side.
王叶奉上笑脸，目送雷木走进那扇黑漆漆的传送门中，见他身上的精灵空间没有被检测出来，松了口气，随后就离开自己的座位，一屁股坐到了两个黑袍大佬中间。
Wang Ye put on a smiling face, watched Lei Mu walk into the black portal, and breathed a sigh of relief when he saw that the elf space on his body had not been detected, and then left his seat and sat down between the two black-robed bosses.
他现在不想接受任何打扰，只想专心看雷木的比赛。 He didn't want to be interrupted right now, he just wanted to concentrate on watching Remu's game.
偷看王小叶的学生还好，看他坐到了学校大佬中间，就不敢再多看了，还想着这个小天才果然受宠，竟然敢坐在黑袍大佬身边看比赛。
It's okay to peek at Wang Xiaoye's students, but when he sits in the middle of the school boss, he doesn't dare to look any more, and he thinks that this little genius is really favored, and he dares to sit next to the black-robed boss to watch the game.
而扫视和观察王小叶的各校大佬们在对上那两位黑袍人……之一的目光时，情不自禁地打了个冷颤。
And the bigwigs of the various schools who glanced at and observed Wang Xiaoye were facing the two black-robed people...... One of them couldn't help but shudder.
乖乖，这么冷酷无机质宛如虫子一样的瘆人目光，该不会那虫老魔亲自来了吧？
Obediently, with such a cold and inorganic insect-like staring, could it be that the worm old demon himself came?
一想到那两个黑袍人中间有一个很可能就是那个大名鼎鼎的虫老魔，顿时就没有谁再敢往那个方向多看一眼。
As soon as he thought that one of the two black-robed people was likely to be the famous old worm demon, no one dared to take another look in that direction.
谁也不想引起那位老魔头的误会，要是对方放虫子过来……咳咳咳，后果太可怕，不敢想！
No one wants to cause the old devil to misunderstand, if the other party lets the worms come...... Ahem, the consequences are too terrible, I dare not think about it!
乾副校长看王叶坐到了那两位中间，不由暗自庆幸幸好他机智地提前把这两位喊来了。看，现在不就起作用了吗？至少他不用担心一个错眼，小叶子就不见了。
Vice Principal Qian saw that Wang Ye was sitting in the middle of the two, and couldn't help but secretly rejoice that fortunately, he wittily called these two in advance. Look, isn't it working now? At least he doesn't have to worry about a wrong eye, and the little leaf will be gone.
至于那个他三催四请还没出现的某不负责任校长……他回去就找诅咒系的教授要一个诅咒小人，诅咒那个混蛋在外面浪掉坑里！
As for the irresponsible principal who hasn't shown up yet...... When he went back, he asked the professor of the curse department for a cursed villain, and cursed that bastard to fall into the pit outside!
“别担心，雷木的炼金术已经达到四级，他就算不能赢得第一，保个前十肯定没问题。”兰道低声安抚小孩。
"Don't worry, Lei Mu's alchemy has reached level four, even if he can't win the first place, it's definitely no problem to keep the top ten." Landau whispered to reassure the child.
他看出了王小叶的过度紧张。 He could see Wang Xiaoye's excessive nervousness.
王叶抿了抿嘴唇：“雷木他想进前三。” Wang Ye pursed his lips: "Lei Mu, he wants to enter the top three." ”
兰道了然。看来雷木是受到了那位布鲁校长在大比开始前说的那段话的影响。
Landau is clear. It seems that Remu was influenced by what Principal Blue said before Dabi began.
本届比试因为恰逢整数年，会选出最优秀的参赛学生前往那个特殊秘境学习，而进入那个秘境的学习时间向来不短。
Because this year's competition coincides with an integer year, the best participating students will be selected to study in that special secret realm, and the learning time to enter that secret realm has never been short.
如果雷木不能在炼金比试中取得前三名的优异成绩，那么除非王叶主动拒绝那个宝贵的深造机会，否则雷木就必定要和王叶分开很长一段时间。
If Lei Mu can't get the top three results in the alchemy competition, then unless Wang Ye takes the initiative to reject that precious opportunity to further his education, Lei Mu will definitely have to be separated from Wang Ye for a long time.
但王叶和雷木两人愿意分开吗？ But are Wang Ye and Lei Mu willing to separate?
兰道敢打赌，如果雷木进不了这个秘境，王叶恐怕九成也会选择不去。别看王小叶主意很大，做什么都是他自己拿主意，但他和虫老都已经看出来，实际上小叶子在精神上十分依赖雷木。
Lan Dao bet that if Lei Mu couldn't enter this secret realm, Wang Ye was afraid that ninety percent would choose not to go. Don't look at Wang Xiaoye's big idea, he has his own idea of what to do, but he and the insect elder have already seen that in fact, Xiaoye is very dependent on Lei Mu mentally.
可雷木那么心疼小叶子，自然不可能让王叶拒绝那样一个好机会。那么雷木就只能尽量拼出一个好名次，争取也得到一个进入特殊秘境的名额。
But Lei Mu felt so sorry for Xiao Yezi, it was naturally impossible for Wang Ye to refuse such a good opportunity. Then Lei Mu can only try his best to spell out a good ranking, and strive to get a place to enter the special secret realm.
“你要对你大哥更有信心一点。”虫老不爽道。 "You have to have more faith in your big brother." The worm said unpleasantly.
王叶：“我对他有信心，但我对这个破比试没信心！” Wang Ye: "I have confidence in him, but I don't have confidence in this broken competition!" ”
焦躁的王叶很想对雷木说：拿不到名额又怎么样？大不了你就进入虫巢空间中待着，我带你一起进秘境呗。
The anxious Wang Ye wanted to say to Lei Mu: What if you can't get a quota? It's a big deal that you can enter the hive space and stay, and I'll take you into the secret realm together.
但他也深刻明白雷木的自尊心很高，木木能包容他，却不会依附他，更不会做他的附属物。
But he also deeply understands that Lei Mu's self-esteem is very high, and Mu Mu can tolerate him, but he will not attach to him, let alone be his appendage.
雷木有雷木的骄傲，他就算下定决定要待在他身边一辈子保护他，也会拿出十分的实力，让别人只会因为他王叶有这么一个强大保护人而羡慕妒忌。
Lei Mu has Lei Mu's pride, even if he decides to stay by his side to protect him for the rest of his life, he will show his strength, so that others will only be envious and jealous because Wang Ye has such a powerful protector.
就因为王叶太了解雷木，所以他根本说不出让雷木不要努力的话，他只能让他小心再小心。
Just because Wang Ye knew Lei Mu too well, he couldn't say anything to tell Lei Mu not to work hard, he could only let him be careful and be careful.
金宝等小家伙们也都在虫巢空间里睁大了眼睛，死死盯住了舞台上的光幕。
Jinbao and the other little ones also opened their eyes wide in the hive space, staring at the light curtain on the stage.
三分钟后，王叶就开始破口大骂。 Three minutes later, Wang Ye began to scold.
该死的狗策划果然又出幺蛾子！ Damn dog plotter, sure enough, there is another moth!
炼金公会总会长大人忽然打了个喷嚏，摸摸鼻头，特别痒。
The head of the Alchemy Guild suddenly sneezed and touched his nose, which was particularly itchy.
不止王叶在骂，观众席不少地方都出现了骚动，就是本校炼金十分强大的几个学校的大佬都深深皱起了眉头。
Not only Wang Ye was scolding, but there was a commotion in many places in the audience, and the bigwigs of several schools where the alchemy of this school was very powerful frowned deeply.
比试现场。 The scene of the competition.
雷木看看周围，还算正常的考场，每人面前都有一个炼金工作台，彼此相隔距离也很合理，哪怕旁边人失败，只要心态稳一点，也不会受到太大影响。
Lei Mu looked around, it was a normal examination room, there was an alchemy workbench in front of everyone, and the distance between them was also very reasonable, even if the person next to him failed, as long as the mentality was stable, it would not be affected too much.
“既然是炼金比试，那自然以炼金为主。从现在开始，请各位参赛者按照要求做出合格的炼金物品，根据物品的质量、等级、效能等，考场会自动给出评分。当三小时的比赛时间结束，分数最高者获胜。”
"Since it is an alchemy competition, it is naturally based on alchemy. From now on, all participants are requested to make qualified alchemy items according to the requirements, and the examination room will automatically give a score according to the quality, grade, and effectiveness of the items. When the three-hour game is over, the player with the highest score wins. ”
略有些阴森的男性声音在广场中响起。 A slightly eerie male voice rang out in the square.
“但只是不停地炼金，未免过于枯乏无味，观众连看三小时也会看得疲累。为此，我们将在炼金途中，给诸位参赛者增加一些小小的难度。”
"But just keep alchemizing, it's too boring, and the audience will be tired of watching it for three hours. To this end, we will add some small difficulties to the participants on the way to alchemy. ”
阴森男音忽然发出了难听的笑声：“这个小难度就是，当诸位炼金的时候，会有幽魂攻击你们。你们要想顺利把比赛进行下去，记得一定要驱赶或打散这些幽魂，否则它们会不断骚扰你。”
The gloomy male voice suddenly let out an ugly laugh: "This small difficulty is that when you are refining gold, there will be ghosts attacking you. If you want to get the game going, make sure you chase away or disperse these spirits, or they will keep harassing you. ”
“另外，为了再增加一点刺激度，我们还拟定了阶段性惩罚制度。”
"In addition, in order to add a little more stimulation, we have also drawn up a phased punishment system."
“何谓阶段性惩罚制度？就是你们每炼制完一样炼金物品，分数最低的人将和多只幽魂共处五分钟。至于和幽魂共处五分钟会有什么滋味，等你们受到这个惩罚就知道了。”阴森男音似乎特别愉快，又发出了古怪的笑声。
"What is a phased punishment system? That is, for every alchemy item you refine, the person with the lowest score will spend five minutes with multiple spirits. As for what it's like to be with a ghost for five minutes, you'll find out when you receive this punishment. The eerie male voice seemed particularly pleasant, and let out a strange laugh.
雷木先没在意，包括在场的其他参赛生在内，也觉得他们这轮炼金比赛至少比上一轮的召唤比赛要正常得多也温柔得多。
Lei Muxian didn't care, including the other participants present, he also felt that their round of alchemy competition was at least much more normal and gentle than the previous round of summoning competition.
但等两分钟后，所有人都换了想法，这些跑出来的幽魂怎么这么多？还这么难以对付？
But after waiting for two minutes, everyone changed their minds, why are there so many ghosts running out? Still so hard to deal with?
有些参赛者似乎对对付这种灵魂类魔物特别无可奈何，打不散驱不走，有倒霉蛋被这些幽魂蹭两下就是一个哆嗦。
Some of the contestants seem to be particularly helpless to deal with this kind of soul monster, and they can't be dispersed and can't be driven away, and some unlucky people are rubbed twice by these ghosts and they are trembling.
“这东西能吸收精神力！”有参赛生叫了出来。 "This thing can absorb spiritual power!" Some of the contestants called out.
而这也是让观众们皱眉的原因。 And this is also what makes the audience frown.
本来炼金就要全神贯注，精神力更是不可少，可这幽魂不但捣乱还能趴在人身上吸食参赛者的精神力，那不是雪上加霜？
Originally, alchemy required full attention, and spiritual power was indispensable, but this ghost not only made trouble, but also lay on people to suck the spiritual power of the contestants, so wouldn't it make matters worse?
雷木看到这满场幽魂才发现小叶子让他更换魔武有多及时和有用。
When Lei Mu saw this full of ghosts, he realized how timely and useful Xiao Yezi was to let him change the magic martial arts.
有咒怨骷髅在，都不用他动手，那些扑过来的幽魂就被咒怨骷髅给张嘴吞噬了。
There were cursed skeletons, and he didn't need to do anything, and those ghosts that pounced on them were swallowed by the cursed skeletons.
场外观众看着看着就忍不住喊道：“这不公平！” The audience outside the stadium couldn't help but shout as they watched: "This is not fair! ”
“对啊，有些学生特别擅长对付灵魂类怪物，还有些学生带进去的魔武就能起到自动驱赶甚至消灭幽魂的作用，那他们不是赢定了？”
"That's right, some students are very good at dealing with soul monsters, and some students bring in magic weapons that can automatically drive away or even destroy ghosts, so aren't they winning?"
“这比上场的召唤比试还不如。幽魂设计根本就不合理！”
"It's worse than a call to play. The ghost design simply doesn't make sense! ”
“抗议！” "Protest!"
不少学生愤怒地喊起来，尤其是有些学校的学生根本无法抵抗那些幽魂，别说按照要求炼制炼金物品，他们人都要被那些幽魂给吸干了。
Many students shouted angrily, especially the students of some schools couldn't resist those ghosts at all, let alone refining alchemy items according to the requirements, they would all be sucked dry by those ghosts.
各校大佬们也觉得有点不对劲，就有人去找那六位大佬询问相关事宜。
The school bosses also felt that something was wrong, so someone went to the six bigwigs to ask about related matters.
所有人都不知道，现在六位总会长大人也正在疑惑和愤怒中。
Unbeknownst to all, the six elders are now also confused and angry.
炼金公会总会长急声道：“我是安排了骚扰和惩罚环节，但不是这些幽魂。而是在材料上动手脚，有的人会多出来，有的人会少，有的人材料是错误的。这样安排是为了考验参赛生的眼力，鼓励他们彼此进行交换。”
The head of the Alchemy Guild said urgently: "I arranged the harassment and punishment session, but not these ghosts. It's about working on the material, some people will have more, some people will have less, and some people will have the wrong material. This arrangement is designed to test the students' eyesight and encourage them to exchange with each other. ”
“那这些幽魂是怎么回事？”廖女士厉声问。 "And what's going on with these ghosts?" Ms. Liao asked sharply.
炼金总会长头大地道：“我不知道！” The head of the alchemy president said: "I don't know! ”
古总会长沉声道：“情况不太妙，这个幻境考场被封闭了，现在拒绝我进入。你们有谁能进去？”
President Gu said in a deep voice: "The situation is not good, this illusion examination room is closed, and now I am denied entry." Which of you can go in? ”
六位大佬都试了一遍，全都被拒之门外。 The six bigwigs tried it all once, and all of them were turned away.
炼金总会长一边试图抢夺控制权，一边道：“再给我三十分钟我就能打开幻境考场。”
The Alchemy Guild Master said as he tried to snatch control, "Give me another thirty minutes and I'll be able to open the Illusion Examination Room." ”
“三十分钟人都死光了！这到底是怎么回事？为什么号称最安全的幻境考场会出现这种问题？”武师公会总会长脸上再也不见之前的冷静。
"Thirty minutes everyone is dead! What the hell is going on? Why is this problem occurring in the purported safest Fantasy Exam Room? The face of the head of the Martial Arts Guild was no longer as calm as before.
他很急，他的亲孙子可就在这批学生当中。难道侵入者是他的敌人？知道他孙子就在这些学生当中？
He was in a hurry, and his own grandson was among the students. Could it be that the trespassers are his enemies? Knowing that his grandson is among these students?
“这不是显而易见的吗？有人侵入了这个幻境考场，还夺取了阵眼操纵权。三十分钟太慢了，我去请白老！”巨人古总会长身影消失。
"Isn't that obvious? Someone invaded this illusion examination room and seized the control of the array eye. Thirty minutes is too slow, I'll go ask Bai Lao! "The figure of the Giant Gu Elder disappeared.
众人都知道古总会长说的白老是谁，那位就是设计幻境考场的人，也是当世最伟大也最厉害的圣级魔阵师。
Everyone knew who Bai Lao was talking about by President Gu, that person was the one who designed the illusion examination room, and he was also the greatest and most powerful saint-level demon array master in the world.
炼金总会长不再理睬其他人，一心破解阵法，想要尽量缩短夺取幻境考场的时间。
The Alchemy Guild no longer paid attention to the others, and was bent on cracking the formation, wanting to shorten the time to seize the illusion examination room as much as possible.
“那些学生怎么办？”武师总会长万没想到原本应该万无一失的幻境考场竟然会被人入侵和反控制。
"What about those students?" The Martial Arts Guild President never expected that the Illusion Examination Room, which was supposed to be foolproof, would be invaded and counter-controlled.
这里面疑点太多。 There are too many doubts in this.
廖女士阴沉着脸道：“幻境考场的中心设计是确保里面的学生不会真正死亡，如果谁真的遇到接近死亡的危险，就会被立刻送出幻境考场。这是最重要的规则，就算这个幻境考场被人控制，对方也无法违背这个规则。”
Ms. Liao said with a gloomy face: "The central design of the Illusion Examination Room is to ensure that the students inside will not really die, and if anyone is really in danger of death, they will be immediately sent out of the Illusion Examination Room. This is the most important rule, even if this fantasy exam room is controlled, the other party cannot violate this rule. ”
这点，在场几位大佬都知道。 Several bigwigs present know this.
但不死归不死，这样被吸收精神力也不行啊。 But if you don't die, you won't die, and you can't absorb spiritual power like this.
那些幽魂怎么看都不怀好意，它们会只吸食一点精神力吗？
Those ghosts don't have good intentions no matter how you look at them, will they only suck a little mental power?
显然不可能！ Apparently impossible!
那些幽魂明显把两百多参赛者当做了大餐，而它们已经开始享受这场盛宴。
The spirits had apparently made a feast for the two hundred or so contestants, and they had already begun to enjoy the feast.
想想看，两百六十多名各校的炼金天才，如果因为精神力被吸干，乃至精神核被破坏，这些孩子可就都废掉了！
Think about it, if the more than two hundred and sixty alchemy geniuses of each school are sucked dry because of their spiritual power, or even their spiritual cores are destroyed, these children will all be abolished!
“最糟糕的是这些孩子现在还不知道他们被阴了，还只当那些幽魂只是比赛环节之一，所以他们不会联合起来。而能对付灵魂类怪物的学生也不会去管其他被攻击被惩罚的学生。”
"The worst part is that these kids don't know they're being yin yet, and they just think that the ghosts are just part of the game, so they won't join forces. And students who can deal with soul monsters will not care about other students who are attacked and punished. ”
炼金总会长脸色难看无比，这是他负责的考场，结果别人那里都没出乱子，却在他这儿出事了。
The face of the alchemy president was extremely ugly, this was the examination room he was responsible for, but there was no chaos in others, but something happened to him.
偏偏他本身也擅长魔法阵，他和其他总会长也都持有进入幻境考场的钥匙，可现在他们全都进不去了，包括他！
It's just that he is also good at the magic array, and he and the other guild leaders also have the key to enter the illusion examination room, but now none of them can enter, including him!
不管侵入者是谁，这简直就是在打他的老脸！ No matter who the intruder is, it's just a slap in the face!
武师总会长更是有苦说不出，他亲孙子隐姓埋名去超凡者学校学习，更在炼金方面发掘了不凡的天赋。作为祖父，他很为这个孙子骄傲。
The head of the martial arts division is even more bitter, his own grandson went incognito to study at the School of the Transcendental, and even discovered extraordinary talents in alchemy. As a grandfather, he is very proud of this grandson.
但现在孙子就陷在危难中，他堂堂武师总会长却没办法进去捞人！
But now that his grandson is in danger, he has no way to go in and catch people!
“对方实力不低……” "The strength of the other party is not low......"
“这种废话就不用再多说了。我们不能只这么干看着。伯来总会长，你这边还需要多长时间？”廖女士问。
"There is no need to say more about this nonsense. We can't just do it and watch. President Burles, how long will it take you to be on your side? Ms. Liao asked.
炼金总会长伯来回答：“再给我二十六分钟。” The head of alchemy, Bolai, replied, "Give me another twenty-six minutes." ”
“不行，太慢了。实在不行我们就合力打碎幻境考场。”武师总会长看到孙子被幽魂不断攻击，气得岔气。凭他们的实力，随便一个人就能解决那满场的幽魂。
"No, it's too slow. If it doesn't work, we'll work together to shatter the Illusion exam room. "The general president of the martial arts division was furious when he saw his grandson being constantly attacked by ghosts. With their strength, any one person can deal with the ghosts in the audience.
可就因为幻境考场控制权被抢，弄得现在他们所有人都只能站在这里眼睁睁地看着那些孩子被幽魂夺取精神力。
But because of the snatching of control of the Illusion Examination Room, all of them can only stand here and watch those children being robbed of their spiritual power by ghosts.
“做不到。”廖总会长脸色苍白：“当初白老设计幻境考场时为了防止被人从外面攻打伤害到里面的学生，故而对幻境考场防守做得十分坚固，相反，从内部出来倒更容易一些。如果我们强行攻击，幻境毁坏的同时，里面的孩子也都会被波及。”
"I can't do it." President Liao's face was pale: "When Bai Lao designed the Illusion Examination Room, in order to prevent people from attacking and hurting the students inside, he made a very solid defense of the Illusion Examination Room, on the contrary, it was easier to come out from the inside. If we forcibly attack, the illusion will be destroyed and the children inside will also be affected. ”
“但那些孩子现在都不知道他们被困！我们要怎么传递消息给他们，让他们团结起来对付侵入的敌人，还有告诉他们从内部找阵眼，想法突破出来？”商业总会长深深皱起眉头。
"But those kids don't even know they're trapped now! How do we get the message out to them, get them to unite against the invading enemy, and tell them to look for an eye from the inside and think about breaking through? The president of commerce frowned deeply.
“各位总会长，”敲门声响起，双月的布鲁校长在外面礼貌道：“打扰诸位，各校都在询问这次炼金比赛，那些幽魂的安排是否有些不合理？”
"Ladies and gentlemen," there was a knock on the door, and Principal Blue of the Two Moons said politely outside, "Excuse me, all schools are asking about this alchemy competition, is the arrangement of those ghosts a little unreasonable?" ”
五位总会长互看。 The five presidents looked at each other.
廖女士环视其他人，眼中满是刺探，她的表情严厉到可怕的地步，目光也极为刺人：“诸位，我只希望这件事不是因为内鬼造成。”
Ms. Liao looked around at the others, her eyes were full of spy, her expression was terrifyingly stern, and her gaze was extremely piercing: "Everyone, I only hope that this incident is not caused by internal ghosts. ”
随后，这位魔法师公会总会长一扬手：“请布鲁校长进来。各校有权知道真相！”
Then, the head of the Wizards' Guild raised his hand: "Please come in." Schools have the right to know the truth! ”
第212章 小叶子的隐形威力？ Chapter 212: The Invisible Power of Little Leaves?
“与会全体人员请注意！”双月布鲁校长的声音突然在会场中响起，并连续重复了两遍。
"Attention all attendees!" Principal Twin Moon's voice suddenly rang out in the hall and repeated it twice in a row.
所有人都抬起头，有敏感的已经感觉到不妙。 Everyone looked up, and some of them already felt that something was wrong.
“炼金比试的幻境考场遭到不明敌人侵入，现在出现在考场的幽魂并非大比策划方安排，所有参赛学生正陷于危险中！”
"The illusion examination room of the alchemy competition has been invaded by an unknown enemy, and the ghosts that appear in the examination room now are not arranged by the big competition planners, and all the participating students are in danger!"
什么？！全场好多师生大惊下站了起来。 What?! Many teachers and students stood up in shock.
“这是怎么回事？” "What's going on?"
“策划方没有办法解决吗？”
“与会全体人员请注意！”布鲁校长陡然提高声音：“入侵者已经夺取幻境考场的控制权，策划方正在想办法夺回控制权并进入考场，但还需要最少二十分钟的时间。”
"Attention all attendees!" Principal Blue raised his voice abruptly: "The intruders have seized control of the Illusion Examination Room, and the planners are trying to find a way to regain control and enter the Examination Room, but it will take at least twenty minutes. ”
“现在！策划方呼吁，请所有与会人员想办法联系幻境考场中的参赛者，告诉他们那些幽魂是敌人，让他们合力解决那些幽魂，并想办法找到阵眼，夺回阵眼控制权。”
"Now! The planners appealed to all participants to find a way to contact the contestants in the Illusion Exam room, tell them that the ghosts were enemies, and let them work together to deal with those ghosts, and find a way to find the Eye of the Formation and regain control of the Eye. ”
“幻境考场地图和阵眼所在，现在已经出现在光幕上，请诸位谨记！”
"The map of the Illusion Examination Room and the location of the Array Eye have now appeared on the light curtain, please keep in mind!"
“比试将临时中止，请诸位想办法联系参赛者，至少也要让他们坚持二十分钟以上。”
"The competition will be temporarily suspended, please find a way to contact the contestants, and at least let them last for more than 20 minutes."
“另外，幻境考场中的敌人应该明白他们无法长时间占领幻境考场，所以他们一定会在接下来的时间加大对参赛者的攻击，诸位如果有办法，请尽快联系各校参赛者……”
"In addition, the enemies in the Fantasy Examination Room should understand that they will not be able to occupy the Illusion Examination Room for a long time, so they will definitely increase their attacks on the contestants in the next time, if you have any way, please contact the contestants of each school as soon as possible......"
布鲁校长的声音还在会场中回荡。 Principal Blue's voice still echoed through the room.
考场中虽有一些议论，但这时谁也顾不得质问策划方是怎么办事的云云，各校师生都已经在各展神通想办法联系幻境中的参赛者。
Although there was some discussion in the examination room, no one cared about asking the planner what to do, and the teachers and students of each school were already trying to find a way to contact the contestants in the fantasy world in their respective powers.
谁都知道情况紧急，问责的事情可以放到后面，先把人救出来再说！
Everyone knows that the situation is urgent, and the matter of accountability can be put to the back and save people first!
这两百六十多名学生可是各校的炼金精英，没有任何一方能损失得起。
The more than 260 students are the alchemy elites of each school, and none of them can afford to lose.
陨星学校的大佬们也聚集到一起，都在想办法。 The bigwigs of the Meteorite School also gathered together, all trying to figure out a way.
虫老和兰道教授听到布鲁校长的宣布内容，还没和王叶开口，就听王叶道：“两位教授，掩护我。我需要离开一会儿。”
When Worm Lao and Professor Landau heard President Blue's announcement, they heard Wang Ye say before they could speak to Wang Ye: "Two professors, cover me." I need to get away for a while. ”
虽然不知道王小叶要干什么，但兰道教授立即拿出了一幅卷轴，道：“我知道了，你去吧。万事小心！”
Although he didn't know what Wang Xiaoye was going to do, Professor Landau immediately took out a scroll and said, "I know, you can go." Be careful! ”
兰道教授的卷轴迅速展开。 Professor Landau's scroll unfolded quickly.
王叶从原地消失。 Wang Ye disappeared from the spot.
但在周围人眼中，王叶还是好端端地坐在原地。 But in the eyes of the people around him, Wang Ye still sat in place dignifiedly.
复制卷轴，可以指定对象进行复制，但复制出的只是一团徒具外形的能量，看似实体，实际不能进行任何应答和行动。
Duplicate scrolls, you can specify objects to copy, but what is copied is only a mass of energy in the form of a corpse, which looks like an entity, and cannot actually respond or act in any way.
乾副校长召集所有学校大佬，虫老和兰道也过去了，兰道握住那团能量，就好像握住了王叶的手。
Vice Principal Qian summoned all the school bosses, and Worm Lao and Lan Dao also passed, and Lan Dao held the energy as if he was holding Wang Ye's hand.
大家看小叶子跟着过去，想到他大哥也在比试现场，都当他是担心他哥，也没人觉得不对。
Everyone watched Xiao Yezi follow over, thinking that his eldest brother was also at the competition site, they all thought that he was worried about his brother, and no one felt that it was wrong.
王叶干嘛去了？ Why did Wang Ye go?
他当然是去找雷木了。 Of course, he went to find Remu.
现在他真的是万分庆幸自己之前突然异想天开融合了雷木的精灵空间。
Now he was really glad that he had suddenly whimsically fused with Thunderwood's elven space before.
而他为何会在昨天前融合精灵空间，还不就是金宝儿闹着要看现场吗？
And why did he fuse the elf space before yesterday, isn't it just that Jinbaoer is making a fuss to see the scene?
很好，这次回去就给那小东西多做一点好吃的，他雷木爸爸没白疼他。
Very good, this time I will go back and make a little more delicious food for that little thing, his Lei Mu father didn't hurt him in vain.
刚才他就尝试联系雷木，但雷木进入幻境考场后，和他之间的心灵感应就变得若即若离，他能略微感受到雷木的情绪，但再多就没有了。
He tried to contact Lei Mu just now, but after Lei Mu entered the illusion examination room, the telepathy between him and him became inseparable, and he could feel Lei Mu's emotions slightly, but no more.
王叶又试着感受精灵空间所在，距离感很模糊，但好在还能感觉到。
Wang Ye tried to feel the elf space again, the sense of distance was very vague, but fortunately, he could still feel it.
不至于像是他回到地球的那段时间，雷木根本无法感知到他的虫巢空间在何方。
It's not like when he returned to Earth, and Thunderwood couldn't sense where his hive space was.
最重要的是，他和虫巢才是一体，融合精灵空间后，精灵空间其实也成了他身体的一部分。
The most important thing is that he and the hive are one, and after fusing the elf space, the elf space has actually become a part of his body.
虽然精灵空间在雷木身上，但他本人就相当于通往精灵空间的传送门。
Although the elven space is on Lei Mu, he himself is equivalent to a portal to the elven space.
简言之，只要他想，他就可以随时随地直接进入精灵空间。
In short, as long as he wants, he can directly enter the elven space anytime and anywhere.
幻境考场就是一个独立空间，如今是通道门被人锁定和关闭的状态。但雷木身上的精灵空间此时却变成了一个虫洞。
The Illusion Examination Room is a separate space, and now the passage door is locked and closed. But the elven space on Lei Mu's body turned into a wormhole at this time.
王叶这只小虫子就通过这个小小的虫洞溜了进去。 Wang Ye, the little worm, slipped in through this small wormhole.
光幕还在实时同步播放着比试现场的情景。 The light curtain is also playing the scene of the competition in real time.
雷木从刚才就感到有点不对劲。 Reimu felt something was wrong from just now.
这些幽魂实在太多了，而且它们攻击参赛者已经不像是骚扰，而是恨不得把所有学生都吸干一般。
There are so many of them that they attack the contestants not so much as to harass them, but rather to suck all the students dry.
周围被幽魂纠缠住的参赛者越来越多。 There are more and more contestants who are haunted by ghosts.
这又不是召唤系和魔法系比试，可以通过对抗来判断参赛者的实力。炼金比试，不就应该让人好好地炼制炼金物品吗？
This is not a competition between summoning and magic, and the strength of the contestants can be judged through confrontation. Alchemy competition, shouldn't people be able to refine alchemy items well?
就算是情景类比试，那也应该像培植比试一样，有让人制作作品的余地才是啊。
Even if it's a situational analogy, it should be like a cultivation competition, and there should be room for people to make works.
虽然他因为咒怨骷髅的保护，暂时没事，还能稳下心神继续炼金。
Although he was okay for the time being because of the protection of the cursed skeleton, he could still stabilize his mind and continue to alchemy.
但这又不是考验灵魂类魔法的比试，为什么会有这样过分的骚扰环节？
But this is not a test of soul magic, why is there such an excessive harassment link?
雷木听到附近参赛生的求救声，到底还是分神了。 Lei Mu heard the cries for help from nearby contestants, but he was still distracted.
他听到不少参赛生都在喊幽魂吸食他们的精神力，更有参赛生发出惨叫，整个人都被幽魂包围，倒在了地上。
He heard many contestants shouting that the ghosts were sucking their spiritual power, and some of the contestants let out screams, and the whole person was surrounded by ghosts and fell to the ground.
雷木旁边不是陨星的学生，左边是东泉异术超凡者学校的，右边是临渊魔法学校的。
Next to Lei Mu is not a student of Meteorite, on the left is the Dongquan Alien Transcendent School, and on the right is the Linyuan Magic School.
临渊魔法学校的学生似乎被逼无奈，显露出了魔种气息，开始利用魔种力量攻击那些幽魂。
The students of the Linyuan School of Magic seemed to be forced to helpless, revealing the aura of the demon seed, and began to use the power of the demon seed to attack those ghosts.
雷木在对方施展魔种之力时就感觉到了。 Reimu felt it when the other party cast the power of the demon seed.
而东泉异术学校的学生似乎一点都不擅长灵魂类魔法，她已经完全放弃了炼金，手持自己的魔武不断攻击那些幽魂，但她施展的都是火球术一类的物理性质魔法攻击，对幽魂基本没有作用。
And the students of Dongquan Strange Art School don't seem to be good at soul magic at all, she has completely given up alchemy, and constantly attacks those ghosts with her magic weapons in hand, but what she casts are physical magic attacks such as fireball magic, which basically has no effect on ghosts.
那些幽魂发出凄厉的尖啸，就好像在嘲笑那名参赛者，一个又一个扑向那名学生。
The spirits let out a terrible scream, as if mocking the contestant, and pounced on the student one after another.
东泉那名学生求救了，谁的精神力这样被吸收都会忍不住惊慌。
The student in Dongquan asked for help, and whoever had his spiritual power absorbed like this couldn't help but panic.
雷木本来不想管，毕竟这是炼金比试，又不是联合作战，但那名东泉学生年龄不大，又是个女孩子，圆圆的苹果脸吓得青白一片，求救中还掺杂了哭声。
Lei Mu didn't want to care, after all, this was an alchemy competition, not a joint operation, but the Dongquan student was not very old, and he was a girl, his round apple face was pale with fright, and his cry was mixed with crying in his call for help.
雷木忍了又忍，到底还是没能忍住：“去！” Lei Mu endured and endured, but he still couldn't hold back: "Go!" ”
咒怨骷髅飞起，在雷木操控下飞向左边，颌骨一张，咬住一条幽魂，用力一吸。
The cursed skeleton flew up, flying to the left under the control of Thunderwood, with a jawbone, biting a ghost, and sucking hard.
那条幽魂就被咒怨骷髅吸入口中。 The ghost was sucked into the mouth of the cursed skeleton.
咒怨骷髅在囚犯岛使用时，曾出现了一条裂缝。但现在这条裂缝几乎已经看不见。
When the Cursed Skeleton was used on Prisoner Island, a crack appeared. But now the crack is almost invisible.
这些幽魂对于别人是祸害，但对于咒怨骷髅来说就是大补之物。
These spirits are a scourge to others, but they are a great complement to cursed skeletons.
如果不是咒怨骷髅还想着保护雷木，它早就到处乱飞追着那些幽魂死命咬了。
If it weren't for the cursed skeleton still trying to protect Thunderwood, it would have been flying around chasing those ghosts and biting them to the death.
咒怨骷髅又扑向第二条幽魂。 The cursed skeleton pounced on the second ghost.
周围幽魂见雷木没有了咒怨骷髅，立刻向他袭击过来。 Seeing that Lei Mu was no longer a cursed skeleton, the surrounding ghosts immediately attacked him.
幽魂不同于亡灵有自己的意识，这些东西就只是一群只会吸食精神力的怪物，可笑的是，幽魂也是一种被炼制出来的炼金物。
Ghosts are different from the undead who have their own consciousness, these things are just a group of monsters that can only suck spiritual power, and the funny thing is that ghosts are also a kind of alchemy that has been refined.
面对这些扑过来的幽魂，雷木差点就要使用他的魔种异术。
In the face of these swooping ghosts, Thunderwood almost used his magic seed magic.
但他临时想到了小叶子的警告，再加上这些幽魂着实怪异，就没用，而是任由那些幽魂扑到他身上。
But he temporarily thought of Xiao Yezi's warning, plus these ghosts were really weird, so it was useless, but let those ghosts pounce on him.
在外人看来，雷木简直就是在牺牲自己拯救那名东泉女生。
In the eyes of outsiders, Lei Mu is simply sacrificing himself to save the Dongquan girl.
实际上，如果幽魂们有自己的意识，它们一定会大喊：上当上当！这家伙不对劲，他竟然能反过来吸收我们！
In fact, if the spirits had a consciousness of their own, they would surely shout: Fooled, fooled! Something is wrong with this guy, he can absorb us in reverse!
是的，雷木虽然没有使用魔种的力量，但他本身就克制这种灵魂类魔法。
Yes, although Reimu did not use the power of the demon seed, he himself restrained this kind of soul magic.
这些幽魂想要吸食他的精神力，却被他反过来吸收魂力。
These ghosts wanted to absorb his spiritual power, but he absorbed it in turn.
只不过雷木周身都被幽魂包裹，还有新的幽魂不断扑过来填补空隙，一时还没有人发现黏他身上的第一层的幽魂颜色越来越淡。
It's just that Lei Mu's whole body is wrapped in ghosts, and new ghosts are constantly rushing over to fill the gaps, and no one has noticed that the color of the first layer of ghosts sticking to him is getting lighter and lighter.
王叶就是在这时候进入了精灵空间。 It was at this time that Wang Ye entered the elven space.
雷木也立刻有所感知。 Reimu also immediately sensed it.
“木木，出事了。这个幻境被人侵入，这些幽魂都不是好东西。你现在打开精灵空间，你放心，我不会出去，我会在空间里面对外攻击，你就假装是你在施展异术。”王叶一口气说完。
"Mumu, something happened. This illusion has been invaded, and these ghosts are not good things. You open the elven space now, don't worry, I won't go out, I will attack the outside in the space, and you will pretend that you are performing a magic spell. Wang Ye finished in one breath.
雷木：“……好。” Remu: "...... Good. ”
“我们先把陨星的人捞出来，再去找其他学校的人。”王叶没有让雷木立刻喊出真相，不是他不想说。
"Let's get the people out of the meteorite first, and then we'll go to the people from other schools." Wang Ye didn't let Lei Mu shout the truth immediately, not that he didn't want to say it.
而是喊了，这些参赛生也不会第一时间相信，反而会打草惊蛇引起那个入侵者对雷木的注意。
Instead, they shouted, and these contestants would not believe it at the first time, but would startle the snake to attract the intruder's attention to Lei Mu.
一个能侵入幻境考场，还让六大公会总会长都暂时拿他没办法的人，王叶不认为他和雷木两个能对付得了。
A person who can invade the Illusion Examination Room and let the presidents of the six guilds temporarily have nothing to do with him, Wang Ye doesn't think that he and Lei Mu can deal with it.
而天下能人那么多，他能通过虫巢空间进来，他相信其他学校也一定有各种异术和魔法能通知到部分学生，只是速度没有他快而已。
And there are so many capable people in the world, he can enter through the hive space, and he believes that other schools must also have all kinds of magic and magic that can notify some students, but the speed is not as fast as him.
只要有一两个学生先喊出来，再让雷木配合，那雷木就不打眼了，而且好几个人都这么说，其他参赛者相信起来也更快。
As long as one or two students shout out first, and then let Lei Mu cooperate, then Lei Mu will not be blind, and several people say so, and the other contestants will believe it faster.
王叶承认他自私，反正他就是不想雷木先成为出头鸟。 Wang Ye admitted that he was selfish, anyway, he just didn't want Lei Mu to become a first-class bird.
王叶目前有三个因果技能可以对付这些幽魂，一个是偏治疗的技能【源清流净】，可净化万毒，可净化各种阴邪功法伤害。同样也可以净化亡灵、怨灵等鬼怪类存在。
Wang Ye currently has three causal skills that can deal with these ghosts, one is a healing skill [Source Clear Stream], which can purify ten thousand poisons and purify all kinds of yin and evil exercises. It can also purify the existence of ghosts and monsters such as undead and resentful spirits.
这个净化技能甚至可以净化活尸之毒，只不过非常耗费能量。
This purification skill can even purify the poison of living corpses, but it is very energy-intensive.
另外两个技能，一个是【象齿焚身】，能以因果之力让幽魂自焚。
The other two skills, one is [Ivory Incineration], which can cause and effect to cause and effect to cause and burn ghosts.
还有一个就是【报应不爽】，雷击术，灵魂类根本无法抵抗。
There is also [Retribution Unpleasant], lightning strike technique, and the soul class can't resist at all.
但象齿焚身和报应不爽，王叶都在上一场比试中使用过，如果雷木“使用”出来，别人势必会怀疑。而且这两个术法特征明显，和其他火系攻击和雷系攻击都有些不同。王叶可不想考验那些大佬观众的眼力。
But the ivory burning and retribution are not happy, Wang Ye has used it in the last competition, if Lei Mu "uses" it, others will inevitably be suspicious. Moreover, these two spells have obvious characteristics, which are a little different from other fire attacks and lightning attacks. Wang Ye didn't want to test the eyesight of those bigwig audiences.
所以王叶第一个选择的就是【源清流净】，这个术法施展出来，会有柔和的光芒洒出。
Therefore, Wang Ye's first choice was [Source Clear Stream], when this spell was cast, there would be a soft light sprinkled.
为此雷木身上忽然出现了柔和的宛如月光一样的淡淡光芒。
For this reason, a soft faint light like moonlight suddenly appeared on Lei Mu's body.
而那些包裹住雷木的幽魂就好像遇到了火焰的蜡烛，一条接一条融化了。
And the ghosts that enveloped Thunderwood were like candles that had met flames, melting one by one.
幽魂临死前发出的惨叫直刺人的灵魂。 The screams of the ghosts before they die pierce the souls of people.
但雷木几乎免疫灵魂类攻击，只要对方的精神力等级没有超过他，就很难伤害到他。
But Lei Mu is almost immune to soul attacks, and as long as the opponent's mental power level does not exceed him, it is difficult to hurt him.
雷木抬手，月光一般的柔和光芒洒出，撒到隔壁。 Lei Mu raised his hand, and a soft moonlight spilled out and spread it next door.
东泉那个女生在咒怨骷髅帮忙下已经好很多，眼见雷木脱困，还放弃了炼金过来帮她，女孩感激无比地道：“谢谢！谢谢你救了我。”
The girl in Dongquan was much better with the help of the cursed skeleton, and seeing that Lei Mu was out of trouble and gave up alchemy to help her, the girl said gratefully: "Thank you!" Thank you for saving me. ”
雷木：“情况不对劲，这不像是正常的比赛环节。” Remu: "It's not right, it's not like a normal game. ”
雷木还没说完，考场中就响起了警告声：“注意！不要接近其他参赛者，如果有人放弃比试，将会得到惩罚。如果有人去骚扰其他参赛者或帮助其他参赛者，也将视为违规，必将受到惩罚！”
Before Lei Mu finished speaking, a warning sounded in the examination room: "Attention! Do not approach other contestants, as they will be penalized if they give up. If someone harasses or helps other participants, it will also be considered a violation and will be punished! ”
“那名参赛者，请回到你的炼金工作台。警告！请立刻回到你的工作台！”
"Contestant, please return to your alchemy workbench. Warn! Please return to your workbench now! ”
雷木没理会，而是继续跟那名东泉女生道：“我打算去找我的同校同学，你呢？”
Lei Mu ignored it, but continued to say to the Dongquan girl: "I'm going to go to my classmates, what about you?" ”
那女孩一咬牙，如果雷木不帮她，在这些幽魂攻击下，她根本没办法继续炼金。
The girl gritted her teeth, if Lei Mu didn't help her, under the attack of these ghosts, she would not be able to continue alchemy.
“我跟你一起，我也去找我的同学。这情况，确实不对劲！”
"I'm with you, and I'm going to my classmates. This situation is really wrong! ”
雷木看向临渊那名学生，那参赛生还能分神跟他们摇头：“不用管我，我还不想放弃。”
Lei Mu looked at the student in Linyuan, and the student who was still distracted and shook his head with them: "Don't worry about me, I don't want to give up yet." ”
雷木见他还能应付，就没管他。 Seeing that he could still handle it, Lei Mu ignored him.
东泉那名女生紧握自己的魔武，跟上了雷木。 The girl from Dongquan clenched her magic weapon and followed Reimu.
咒怨骷髅就飞在他们左右，只要有幽魂过来，它就飞过去啊呜一口。
The cursed skeleton flew right around them, and whenever a ghost came, it flew over and whined.
雷木一边寻找陨星的学生，在路上只要看到有参赛者实在无法抵抗那些幽魂，就会出手帮助对方。
Reimu was looking for the students of the Falling Star, and whenever he saw a contestant on the way, he would help them if they couldn't resist the ghosts.
而被雷木救下的学生，在自己无力抵抗幽魂的情况下，全都选择跟上雷木。
And the students who were saved by Thunderwood, when they were unable to resist the ghosts, all chose to follow Thunderwood.
王叶一看雷木抬手，就意会地在空间里面对外施展【源清流净】。
As soon as Wang Ye saw Lei Mu raise his hand, he willingly cast [Source Clear Stream] in the space.
攻击雷木一行人的幽魂越来越多，周围的幽魂甚至向他们集中过来。
There were more and more ghosts attacking Lei Mu and his party, and the surrounding ghosts even concentrated on them.
其他参赛者看雷木几人竟然放弃了炼金，貌似在救人，都开始犹豫。
The other contestants began to hesitate when they saw that Lei Mu and the others had given up alchemy, as if they were saving people.
他们可都是看过前面几场比试的，尤其昨天刚结束的召唤比试，那就是一场表面要求大家单干，实际是希望学生能团结的比试。
They have all watched the previous competitions, especially the summoning competition that ended yesterday, which is a competition that requires everyone to work alone, but in fact hopes that students can unite.
所以他们这时应该放弃手头的炼金，去救人吗？ So should they give up the alchemy at hand at this time and save people?
这会不会也是一场对他们品德的考验？ Could this also be a test of their character?
或者还有更深一层的比试内容？ Or is there a deeper level of competition?
“你是小叶子的哥哥，我认识你！”一名战兽学校的学生主动喊住雷木。
"You are Xiao Yezi's brother, I know you!" A student from the War Beast School took the initiative to call out to Remu.
“发生了什么事？是不是你发现这次比试也不是传统比试，同样需要大家合作？”那名战兽学生满脸兴奋地道。
"What happened? Did you find that this competition is not a traditional competition, and you also need everyone's cooperation? The War Beast student said with excitement on his face.
王叶：恭喜你华生，你发现了盲点。 Wang Ye: Congratulations Watson, you have found a blind spot.
雷木：“……虽然不清楚情况，但我确实觉得不对劲。策划方不可能安排这样毫无意义的比试环节。”
Remu: "...... While I don't know what is going on, I do feel that something is wrong. It is impossible for the planners to arrange such a meaningless competition. ”
“我也这么认为！”那学生双眼放光芒地说：“我有个想法，我怀疑这次比试应该是让我们先联手对付这些幽魂，然后再想办法找材料炼制出对付幽魂的魔器。”
"I think so too!" The student's eyes lit up and said, "I have an idea, I suspect that this competition should be for us to join forces to deal with these ghosts first, and then find a way to find materials to refine a magic weapon to deal with ghosts." ”
“很有可能。”雷木点头。 "Quite possibly." Raimu nodded.
“所以！让我们一起行动吧！”该战兽学生好高兴地主动加入了雷木一行。
"So! Let's do it together! The War Beast student happily took the initiative to join Lei Mu's group.
雷木找到了陨星的另外两名参赛者。 Raimu finds the other two contestants of Meteorite.
那两人一看是小叶子的大哥雷木，毫不犹豫地就放弃炼金，跟他一起对抗幽魂，并去救助其他学校无法抵抗幽魂的参赛者。
As soon as the two saw that it was Xiao Yezi's eldest brother, Lei Mu, they did not hesitate to give up alchemy, fight against the ghosts with him, and go to the rescue of the contestants in other schools who could not resist the ghosts.
“那是小叶子的哥哥！” "That's Xiao Yezi's brother!"
“他肯定看出了什么。” "He must have seen something."
“大家都在帮助其他人，我们是不是……” "Everyone is helping other people, are we ......"
“我刚听他们说了，这场比试貌似是要炼制对付幽魂的魔器，在这之前得先找到相关材料。但找到材料前，又得先抵抗住这些幽魂，所以这还是一场大家联手合作的比试！”
"I just heard them say that this competition seems to be about refining magic weapons to deal with ghosts, and you have to find the relevant materials before you can do so. But before you can find the materials, you have to resist these ghosts, so this is still a competition for everyone to work together! ”
“原来如此。策划方好狡猾。” "I see. The planners are so cunning. ”
“就是啊，我都没反应过来。” "yes, I didn't even react."
“走！我们也跟上。” "Let's go! We keep up with that, too. ”
虫人族和海族还有地底人族的参赛者一看这群人竟然是雷木领头，而且还有那么多幽魂攻击他，废话都没多说一句，就放弃手头炼制了一半的魔器，加入了雷木这支队伍，帮他一起抵抗幽魂。
When the contestants of the Zerg Clan, the Sea Clan, and the Underground Terran saw that this group of people was actually led by Lei Mu, and there were so many ghosts attacking him, they didn't say a word of nonsense, so they gave up half of the magic weapons they had refined at hand and joined Lei Mu's team to help him resist the ghosts together.
这可是那个小叶子的大哥。 This is the big brother of that little leaf.
小叶子那么厉害，他大哥肯定也不是弱者，肯定是看出了什么。
Xiao Yezi is so powerful, his eldest brother is definitely not a weakling, he must have seen something.
就算雷木真的判断出错，冲着小叶子的面子，他们也要和小叶子的哥哥共同进退！
Even if Lei Muzhen makes a mistake in judgment, for the sake of Xiao Yezi's face, they will have to advance and retreat together with Xiao Yezi's brother!
巨人族没有人擅长炼金，就没有学生参加。 No one in the Giant Clan is good at alchemy, so there are no students to participate.
倒是和巨人身高相反的小人国人非常擅长炼金，他们也加入了这支队伍，他们不是相信雷木，而是小人国人就只会物理攻击，拿这些幽魂就没办法。
However, the Lilliputians who are the opposite of the height of the giants are very good at alchemy, and they have also joined this team, they don't believe in Lei Mu, but the Lilliputians can only attack physically, and there is no way to take these ghosts.
有这么多人加入队伍，其中也有不少擅长对付幽魂的，大家自然而然分工合作，有擅长临场指挥的学生还出言安排大家如何应战，见雷木没有半点反对的意思，这些学生就更大胆起来。
With so many people joining the team, and many of them were good at dealing with ghosts, everyone naturally divided their labor and cooperated, and some students who were good at on-the-spot command also made suggestions to arrange how everyone should fight, and seeing that Lei Mu did not have the slightest intention of objecting, these students became even bolder.
有人安排大家怎么攻防，又有雷木这个精神领袖（？）带队，整个考场的情况顿时改变。
Someone arranged how everyone attacked and defended, and there was Lei Mu, the spiritual leader (?). Led the team, and the situation in the entire examination room suddenly changed.
原本还不想放弃炼金的学生眼看那支队伍的人越来越多，人都有从众心理，而且听着周围学生惨叫求救，真的能毫不动摇的人也极少。
The students who didn't want to give up alchemy saw that there were more and more people in that team, and everyone had a herd mentality, and there were very few people who could really be unwavering when they heard the students around them screaming for help.
结果就是，两百六十多个学生，竟然在短短几分钟内就变成了一个团体，共同对付起那些幽魂。
As a result, more than 260 students turned into a group in just a few minutes, working together to deal with those ghosts.
擅长灵魂类魔法的学生站在外侧，不擅长灵魂类魔法的学生就把经过的炼金台上的材料都捡回来，想办法炼制对付幽魂的魔器。
Students who are good at soul magic stand outside, and students who are not good at soul magic pick up all the materials from the alchemy table that they pass by, and find a way to refine magic weapons to deal with ghosts.
这种变化让入侵者傻了眼，也让外面的观众目瞪口呆。他们都还在想办法联系里面的参赛生，怎么大家就先一步联合起来共同对抗那些幽魂了？
This change left the intruders dumbfounded and the spectators outside. They are still trying to find a way to contact the contestants inside, why did everyone join forces to fight those ghosts first?
这种变化是所有人都没有想到的！ This change is something that no one expected!
不过一个学生走出炼金台，救了另一名学生而已，怎么就……
It's just that one student walked out of the alchemy platform and saved another student, how can it be ......
就连王叶都有点呆。他也没想到事情会发展得这么顺利，都不用雷木大声呼吁，大家就那么走到一起并开始互相帮助了。
Even Wang Ye was a little stunned. He didn't expect things to go so smoothly, and without Lei Mu calling out loudly, everyone just came together and started helping each other.
好些学校的大佬眯了眯眼，同时想到了关键点：那个小叶子在前面两场比试中积累下来的声望和人脉已经开始发挥作用！
The bigwigs of several schools narrowed their eyes, and at the same time thought of the key point: the prestige and connections that Xiao Ye had accumulated in the previous two competitions had begun to play a role!
只看其他学校学生只因为雷木是小叶子的大哥，就选择相信他，就知道小叶子已经初步赢得学生们的信赖。如果把雷木换成小叶子，恐怕那孩子登高一呼，七成人都会站到他身后。
Just looking at the students of other schools who chose to believe him just because Lei Mu was Xiao Yezi's eldest brother, he knew that Xiao Yezi had initially won the trust of the students. If the thunder wood is replaced with a small leaf, I am afraid that if the child ascends to the height, seven adults will stand behind him.
当然，前面那几场比试的情景安排显然也起了效果，让学生们意识到团结合作的重要性。
Of course, the situational arrangement of the previous competitions obviously had an effect, making the students realize the importance of teamwork and cooperation.
“警告！所有参赛者必须回到各自炼金工作台，否则惩罚！”
"Warning! All contestants must return to their respective alchemy workbenches or be punished! ”
“警告！参赛者不可离开各自炼金工作台，违者将失去比试资格！”
"Warning! Contestants are not allowed to leave their respective alchemy workbenches, and violators will be disqualified from the competition! ”
没有参赛者理会这些警告声，没见那警告声喊了半天，除了有更多幽魂冒出来攻击他们，却没有一个学生被强制退场吗？
Didn't the contestants heed the warnings, didn't they see the warnings shouted for a long time, except for more ghosts coming out to attack them, but not a single student was forced to leave?
这必定是狗策划想出来分离他们的主意，别想他们上当！
This must be the idea that the dog plotters came up with to separate them, don't think they will be fooled!
雷木带领这批学生离开了现场，开始向王叶指出的阵眼方向移动。
Lei Mu led the group of students out of the scene and began to move in the direction of the array that Wang Ye pointed out.
雷木走在最前面，挥手不断洒出柔光，扑过来的幽魂见到柔光就不住后退，咒怨骷髅就趁机飞上去一阵扑咬。
Lei Mu walked in the front, waving his hand and constantly sprinkling soft light, and the ghost who pounced on him couldn't help but retreat when he saw the soft light, and the cursed skeleton took the opportunity to fly up and bite for a while.
其他学生跟在他后面，形成了一个长三角箭头形状，边走边攻击周围的幽魂。
The other students followed him, forming a triangular arrow shape, attacking the surrounding ghosts as they went.
“这里有一批材料！”有学生眼尖，发现了一个仓库。 "Here's a batch of materials!" Some students have sharp eyes and find a warehouse.
“哈！我就知道这次比试还有隐情。” "Hah! I knew there was something hidden in this competition. ”
“快快快，把材料收了，大家找找看有没有能对付幽魂的材料，我们赶紧炼制魔器出来。”
"Hurry up, collect the materials, let's look for any materials that can deal with ghosts, let's hurry up and refine the magic weapon."
参赛者们除了一开始吃了大亏，精神力损耗比较多的学生，其他学生这时看不到半点紧张，他们都不知道侵入者的事，只当他们看破了策划方的“阴谋诡计”，知道了这场比试的真正玩法。
Except for the students who suffered a big loss at the beginning and had a lot of mental power loss, the other students couldn't see the slightest nervousness at this time, they didn't know about the intruder, only when they saw through the "conspiracy" of the planner and knew the real gameplay of this competition.
外面的观众看着那些兴奋无比的参赛者：……突然就觉得刚才还煎熬无比的我们好傻。
The spectators outside looked at the excited contestants: ...... Suddenly, I felt that we were so stupid that we were still suffering just now.
侵入者：这群学生脑子都有病吧？ Intruder: These students are all sick in the head, right?
第213章 黑影男爵和虫子 Chapter 213: The Shadow Baron and the Bug
侵入者当然知道外面正在试图夺回幻境考场的控制权，他没有多少时间了。
The trespasser knew of course that the outside was trying to take back control of the Illusion Examination Room, and he didn't have much time left.
原本还想慢慢折磨这些参赛学生，让外面那些人只能看着、只能焦急，却无计可施。
Originally, I wanted to slowly torture these participating students, so that those people outside could only watch and be anxious, but there was nothing they could do.
谁想到这批学生就像脑子有病一样，竟然不想着比试，只想着救人，还迅速联合成一个团体？
Who would have thought that this group of students would be like a brain disease, and they would not even think about the competition, but only want to save people, and quickly unite into a group?
这在侵入者看来根本无法理解，他所接触的超凡者，不管男女老幼，都只会想着自己。
This is incomprehensible to the intruder, and the transcendents he comes into contact with, men and women, young and old, only think of themselves.
而且他原先也是超凡者学校出来的，像这种关系到荣誉和利益的大比，还是最重要的五十年一次的大比，哪个参赛学生不是重视无比？
And he was originally from the School of the Transcendental, like this kind of big competition related to honor and interests, or the most important big competition once every fifty years, which participating student doesn't pay great attention to it?
他自信他安排的这个考试环节并不突兀，相反还会迎合某些学生的阴暗心理。擅长对付幽魂的学生看到其他学生遭殃，应该只会高兴才对。
侵入者的计划就是先解决不擅长对付幽魂的学生，等把他们的精神力吸得差不多，再来解决剩下的一批。
这也附和他猫捉老鼠一般的戏弄心理，让外面那些观众抱着希望，指望着还能留下一批天才，实际上……
侵入者还在这片比试区域，利用那些炼金工作台布置了一个大型献祭魔法阵。
The intruders also used those alchemy workbenches to set up a large sacrificial magic circle in this competition area.
他会在最后激发这个魔法阵，利用这两百六十多个天才学生的生命力和杰出天分来滋养自己。
He would activate this magic array at the end, using the vitality and outstanding talents of more than two hundred and sixty gifted students to nourish himself.
眼见自己的完美计划就这么被打破，侵入者气得胸口疼。
Seeing his perfect plan shattered, the intruder was so angry that his chest hurt.
好歹你们给我都待在原地啊，跑什么跑？ Anyway, you guys keep me where I am, what are you running?
这批学生有病！ This group of students is sick!
就不是正常的超凡者！ It's not a normal transcendent!
尤其是那个第一个离开自己工作台的家伙，叫雷木是吧？
Especially the guy who was the first to leave his workbench, his name was Remu, right?
没想到这个学生的威望竟然那么高，好多学校的学生都认识他，一见是他领头，竟然毫不犹豫地就放弃已经快炼制成功的魔器，就这么加入对方。
I didn't expect this student's prestige to be so high, many students in the school knew him, and when they saw that he was the leader, they didn't hesitate to give up the magic weapon that had been almost successfully refined, and just joined the other party.
我记住你了！ I remember you!
侵入者恨死雷木。 The trespassers hate Thunderwood to death.
侵入者也眼馋雷木使用的魔武，他专精灵魂类魔法，尤其对黑暗类灵魂魔法特别擅长和敏感。
The intruder also covets the magic used by Raimu, who specializes in soul magic, and is especially good and sensitive to dark soul magic.
他能感知出来，那个骷髅头很特别，不像是完全的炼制品，倒更像是天然生成的魔器。
He could sense that the skull was very special, not like a complete refining product, but more like a naturally generated magic weapon.
这种天然生成的魔器比起一般同类魔器，威力一向都要大不少。
This naturally occurring magic weapon has always been much more powerful than other similar magic weapons.
如果培养得当，就是升级为圣级魔器也有可能。 If cultivated properly, it is possible to upgrade to a saint-level magic weapon.
侵入者想要咒怨骷髅，也极度厌恶雷木和他施展出来的术法。
The trespasser wanted to curse the skeleton and was extremely disgusted with Thunderwood and the spells he cast.
那术法明显就和他相克。 That spell was clearly against him.
也就是那小子现在实力还低，否则很难说会不会成为他的对手。当然，他绝不会给对方成为他对手的机会！
That is, that kid's strength is still low now, otherwise it is difficult to say whether he will become his opponent. Of course, he would never give the other party a chance to be his opponent!
侵入者决定先解决雷木。 The intruder decides to deal with Thunderwood first.
但这个该死的混蛋幻境，有个保护参赛者不死的主规则，只要是经过传送门进来的参赛者都能受到这个规则保护。
But this damn bastard fantasy has a master rule to protect the contestants from dying, and as long as the contestants enter through the portal, they can be protected by this rule.
所以他才会千辛万苦布置下那个献祭阵法，并在最后发动——先吸食精神力，然后再抢夺生命力和天分，能抢多少是多少。
That's why he worked hard to arrange that sacrificial formation, and launched it at the end - first absorb spiritual power, and then snatch the vitality and talent, how much can be grabbed.
而现在呢？ And now?
没有了献祭魔法阵，他只能吸收雷木的精神力，然后想办法在雷木被幻境考场判断他有生命危险把他传送出去之前摧毁他的精神核。
Without the sacrificial magic array, he could only absorb Lei Mu's spiritual power, and then find a way to destroy Lei Mu's spiritual core before he was judged to be in danger of his life by the illusion examination room.
王叶忽然产生强烈心悸感。 Wang Ye suddenly had a strong feeling of palpitations.
瞬间，他打开了因果卷。 In an instant, he opened the volume of cause and effect.
他一眼就看到一个充满不祥的红黑色名字出现在因果卷上。
At a glance, he saw an ominous red-black name appear on the cause and effect scroll.
黑影男爵格罗斯，九级的黑魔法系法宗！ Black Shadow Baron Gross, a ninth-level Dark Arts Sect!
这个新出现的人物不但和他有了紧密联系，还和雷木之间也有联系，而且和雷木之间的因果线已经变成黑红色。
This new character has a strong connection not only with him, but also with Thunderwood, and the causal line with Thunderwood has turned black and red.
这个九级法宗想要杀死雷木！ This ninth-level Dharma Sect wants to kill Lei Mu!
不用说，这个幻境的侵入者就是此人，这些幽魂也是此人杰作。
Needless to say, this is the person who invaded this illusion, and these ghosts are also the work of this person.
幸好！幸好他有因果卷。 Fortunately! Luckily, he has a causal roll.
在他们什么都不知道的情况下，一名九级的法宗偷袭他们，他和雷木恐怕只能躺平任杀。
Without them knowing anything, a ninth-level Fa Sect attacked them, and he and Lei Mu were afraid that they would have to lie down and be killed.
王叶的精神力迅速触及因果卷上那个名字，试图从因果卷上获得此人更多信息。
Wang Ye's spiritual power quickly touched the name on the Cause and Effect Scroll, trying to get more information about this person from the Cause and Effect Scroll.
黑影男爵格罗斯，现年204岁，因年轻时身体受到损伤，提前百年进入生命衰弱期，急需精神力和生命力补充。
Black Shadow Baron Gross, 204 years old, due to physical damage when he was young, he entered a period of weakness a hundred years ahead of schedule, and is in urgent need of mental strength and vitality replenishment.
此人出生于北海战乱群岛，临渊国人，有男爵爵位，曾就读临渊魔法学校，因为试图谋害学校魔种同学，被学校开除。
This person was born in the war-torn islands of the North Sea, a native of Linyuan, with the title of baron, and once attended the Linyuan School of Magic, but was expelled from the school for trying to murder the school's demon classmates.
同年，年方十九岁的格罗斯加入屠魔教，专心研究黑暗系灵魂类魔法，自学黑暗系炼金术，擅长炼制无实体的幽魂类怪物。对精神力极度渴望，想尽一切办法提升自己的精神力，喜欢吞噬他人精神力……
In the same year, at the age of nineteen, Gross joined the Demon Slayer Sect, concentrating on the study of dark soul magic, teaching himself dark alchemy, and specializing in refining disembodied ghost monsters. Extremely hungry for spiritual power.,Do everything you can to improve your own mental power.,Like to devour other people's mental power......
格罗斯97岁时曾与虫魔昆海大战，身体被虫子蚕食三分之一，伤及根本，精神力也被昆海毒药伤害，不敌后逃走。之后对虫魔昆海恨之入骨，并对蟑螂类昆虫产生生理性厌恶和生理性恐惧，见不得周围出现虫子类生物。
When Gross was 97 years old, he fought with the insect demon Kunhai, and his body was eaten by insects by one-third, which hurt the roots, and his mental power was also injured by Kunhai poison, and he fled after being defeated. After that, he hated the insect demon Kunhai to the bone, and had a physiological aversion and physiological fear of cockroaches, and could not see insects around him.
王叶看到这里，心中暗道：有了！ When Wang Ye saw this, he secretly said in his heart: There is!
没想到这个九级法宗还和他师父虫老有仇。 Unexpectedly, this ninth-level Dharma Sect still had a grudge against his master.
而且虫老和这位战斗还打赢了，就看虫老到现在都活得好好的，就知道这个黑影男爵的实力恐怕距离虫老还有点距离，否则他应该早就展开报复。
And the old man and this old man won the battle, just look at how old the old man is alive and well so far, I know that the strength of this black shadow baron is probably still a little far from the old man, otherwise he should have taken revenge a long time ago.
王叶又详细看了黑影男爵的能力有哪些，也明白了他为什么叫黑影男爵。
Wang Ye looked at the abilities of the Black Shadow Baron in detail, and also understood why he was called the Black Shadow Baron.
“小光，我要你和你的子民帮我一个忙，骚扰为主，到了地点找到目标后，如此这般。”
"Xiaoguang, I want you and your people to do me a favor, harassment, and when I find the target at the location, that's it."
小光坏笑：“咿咿！”交给我。 Xiaoguang smiled evilly: "Babble! "Leave it to me.
王叶让小光和部分虫群集中过来，当即施展【投桃报李】。
Wang Ye asked Xiaoguang and some of the insect swarms to come over, and immediately cast [Peach Reciprocation].
传送术，可以把任一存在传送到因果者身边。 Teleportation, which can teleport any being to the causal person.
王叶又去找雷木说话：“木木，你听我说……” Wang Ye went to Lei Mu to talk again: "Mu Mu, listen to me......
雷木带领大家移动中突然高高举起右手，右手紧握成拳。
As Lei Mu led everyone to move, he suddenly raised his right hand high, and his right hand was clenched into a fist.
后面的人看到这个动作，所有人下意识都停下脚步。 When the people behind saw this action, everyone subconsciously stopped.
雷木转身对所有参赛生提高声音道：“根据我的观察，这些幽魂似乎讨厌光亮。你们有没有发现这个赛场的环境有些阴暗？”
Raimu turned to raise his voice to all the contestants, "From what I've observed, these ghosts seem to hate light. Have you noticed that the environment in this arena is a bit dark? ”
“我建议，所有人都想办法增加周围的亮度，在自己身周不要留下任何暗影。总之我们要把周围弄得越亮越好。”
"I suggest that everyone find a way to increase the brightness around them and not leave any shadows around them. Anyway, we need to make the surroundings as bright as possible. ”
想要做到这点并不难，有些特殊种族的学生自己就能发光。
It's not hard to do that, and there are students of special races who can shine on their own.
还有些学生已经开始利用手头的材料，制作一些简单的能发光的魔器。
Some students have already started to use the materials at hand to make simple magic objects that can emit light.
更有些学生已经在有序组织下，使用照明类魔法、火系魔法、光明系魔法轮流照亮大家。
Some students are already in an orderly organization, using lighting magic, fire magic, and light magic to illuminate everyone in turn.
于是，当黑影男爵分出自己一半能量，化成黑影来到这群学生周围时，就发现……
So, when the Black Shadow Baron divided half of his energy and turned into a black shadow to come around this group of students, he found ......
为什么这里这么明亮？！ Why is it so bright here?!
两百六十多名学生简直就像是站在光明圣殿里面，每个人身上或身边必然有发光的物品。
The more than 260 students were almost like standing inside the Temple of Light, and each of them must have something shining on or around them.
这些光线互相交织，虽然地上也有影子，但他也要先进入光圈里面才能融入影子中！
These rays of light are intertwined, and although there are shadows on the ground, he must first enter the aperture before he can blend into the shadows!
可这些臭学生照出来的光圈范围很大，他们还有一圈人专门面朝外盯着，任何黑影溜进去都会被人一眼看见。
But the circle of light illuminated by these stinky students was very large, and they also had a circle of people staring outward, and any dark shadow that slipped in would be seen at a glance.
黑影男爵再度气炸。 The Shadow Baron was furious again.
如果不是知道外面还没有把消息传递进来，也不可能知道他就是侵入者，他都要怀疑这些学生是不是特别了解他。
If he didn't know that the news hadn't been passed on from outside, and he wouldn't have known that he was an intruder, he would have to wonder if these students knew him well.
肯定是碰巧，他们想用这招来对付幽魂。 It must have been a coincidence that they wanted to use this trick against the ghosts.
一定是这样！ It must be so!
幽魂并不怕光芒，只是厌恶而已。 Wraiths aren't afraid of light, they're just disgusted.
可他原本想要悄无声息地接近那个雷木，吸干他和其他学生的精神力。
But he originally wanted to quietly approach that thunderwood and suck out the spiritual power of him and the other students.
他还不打算让六大总会长和各校大佬们知道他就是那个侵入者，而幽魂早就泛滥，他并不怕那些人想到他头上。
He didn't plan to let the six presidents and the school bosses know that he was the intruder, and the ghosts had long been overflowing, and he was not afraid that those people would think of him.
只要没证据，那些人就拿他无可奈何。 As long as there is no evidence, those people will be helpless against him.
谁也不会在没有明确证据下，去轻易得罪一名九级法宗，尤其这名法宗还是黑暗系魔法师。
No one would easily offend a ninth-level Dharma Sect without clear evidence, especially if this Dharma Sect was also a dark magician.
那就不利用影子，使用其他魔法和他的小宝贝们？ Then don't use the shadow, use other magic and his little darlings?
可任何一种魔法都需要消耗他的精神力和能量，他现在精神力和能量都很宝贵好吗。
But any kind of magic needs to consume his mental power and energy, and his mental power and energy are very precious now, okay?
而且他还要分出大半能量守住阵眼，抵抗外面的进攻。 And he has to devote most of his energy to defend the formation and resist the attack from the outside.
现在他和外面的情况就像是策划方有钥匙，他们用钥匙开门，发现能转动门锁，却就是推不开门，因为他在后面抵住了。
Now he and the outside situation are like the planners have a key, they use the key to open the door, and they find that they can turn the lock, but they can't push the door, because he is stuck in the back.
而且他抵的时候利用了幻境阵法本身的能量，就像是给门后加了一条粗大门栓。
And when he arrived, he used the energy of the illusion formation itself, like adding a thick door bolt to the back of the door.
但这种情况不可能持久。 But this situation is unlikely to last.
外面的可是六大总会长，要不是他们顾忌里面的两百多学生，他们早就强力轰击了。
Outside, there were the six presidents, if they hadn't cared about the more than 200 students inside, they would have bombarded it a long time ago.
就算不用强力攻击，就凭那个炼金总会长，大概只需二三十分钟就能从外面把阵眼控制权给重新抢回去。
Even if you don't need to attack strongly, with that alchemy leader, it will only take about twenty or thirty minutes to regain control of the array eye from the outside.
其实最可靠的方法就是直接破坏阵眼，但他也不想被锁死在这个幻境空间中，只能把控制出入的阵眼留着。
In fact, the most reliable way is to directly destroy the array eye, but he doesn't want to be locked in this illusion space, so he can only keep the array eye that controls entry and exit.
二三十分钟，在他原来的计划中，已经足够他吸干这两百多个天才学生的精神力和生命力，再在那六位攻进来之前，悄悄脱身离开。
Twenty or thirty minutes, in his original plan, was enough for him to suck up the spiritual power and vitality of more than two hundred genius students, and then quietly get out and leave before those six attacked.
谁想到这些学生会突然团结起来，现在他妈的竟然还把自己照得这么亮堂！
Who would have thought that these students would suddenly unite and now fucking shine on themselves so brightly!
可恶！可恶可恶可恶！ Damn it! Abominable abominable abominable!
为什么这点小事会这么不顺？ Why is this little thing so uncomfortable?
知不知道他能进入这个幻境是付出了多大的代价？ Do you know what it cost him to be able to enter this illusion?
黑影男爵怎么甘心就这么放弃这次补养行动。 How could the Shadow Baron be willing to give up this replenishment operation like this?
两百六十多个年轻的天才的精神力和生命力，这要到哪里去找？难道要他再等五十年吗？就算他愿意等，他又哪来那么长时间！
The spiritual power and vitality of more than two hundred and sixty young geniuses, where to find this? Do you want him to wait another fifty years? Even if he was willing to wait, how could he come for so long!
如果没有这些人，他想要延长寿命，就只能献祭更多人，可那些普通人又怎么比得上超凡者的生命力和天资？
Without these people, if he wanted to prolong his life, he could only sacrifice more people, but how could those ordinary people compare to the vitality and talent of the transcendental?
一个超凡者能活三百岁，一个普通人才能活多久？ How long can an extraordinary person live to be 300 years old?
这还不是简单的一比三、一比六的算法。 It's not a simple one-to-three, one-to-six algorithm.
得是上千名甚至上万的普通人才能抵得上一名天才超凡者的生命力。
It has to be thousands or even tens of thousands of ordinary people to be worthy of the vitality of a genius transcendent.
更不要说还有天才的天资！ Not to mention the talent of genius!
两百六十多名天才超凡者，其中还有不少中长生族，如果换算成普通人类或普通生物，得要多少人才能抵得上？
There are more than two hundred and sixty genius transcendents, and among them, there are many middle and elder-aged people, if they are converted into ordinary humans or ordinary creatures, how many people will have to be able to withstand it?
而想要献祭这么多人，他就得布置一个更加庞大，至少能覆盖一个国家的献祭魔法阵。
And if he wanted to sacrifice so many people, he would have to arrange a much larger sacrificial magic array that could cover at least one country.
可这可能吗？ But is this possible?
这么大的动静，当人家国家的超凡者都是傻子吗？ With such a big movement, are all the transcendents of other people's countries stupid?
所以这里真的就是他重获青春的最好地点和机会。 So this is really the best place and opportunity for him to regain his youth.
可现在都被毁了！ But now it's all ruined!
不，他还有机会。 No, he still has a chance.
那就是强行打败这些学生，把他们扔回献祭魔法阵中。 That is to forcibly defeat these students and throw them back into the sacrificial magic circle.
这么做，肯定会暴露他的身份。 Doing so will definitely reveal his identity.
但这时他已经顾不得了！ But now he can't care about it!
他也不想暴露身份被无数人追杀，可现在不是没办法吗？
He also doesn't want to reveal his identity and be hunted down by countless people, but isn't there no way now?
他付出太多，就这样放弃，他怎么也不会甘愿。 He gave too much and gave up like this, he would not be willing.
最重要的是，今天不成功，他要不了多久也会死于身体衰竭，那他还不如拼一把，只要能成功，只能要赶在外面的人冲进来之前逃出去，他就找个地方躲起来，不到圣级就不出来！
The most important thing is that if he doesn't succeed today, he will die of physical failure in a short time, then he might as well fight, as long as he can succeed, he can only escape before the people outside rush in, he will find a place to hide, and he won't come out until he reaches the holy level!
黑影男爵几个闪念间就做下了决定。 The Shadow Baron made a decision in a few flashes of thought.
也就在这时，双月魔法学校一名学生惊呼：“这个幻境空间出事了！这些幽魂是侵入者！外面让我们团结起来对付这些幽魂，小心侵入者，再坚持十五分钟。”
At this moment, a student from the Twin Moon School of Magic exclaimed, "Something has happened in this illusion space!" These ghosts are trespassers! Let's unite outside to deal with these ghosts, watch out for the trespassers, and hold out for another fifteen minutes. ”
众参赛生大吃一惊。 The participants were taken aback.
“什么？这不是比试环节吗？” "What? Isn't this a competition? ”
“不是。我也收到讯息了，但我收到的比较模糊，只能知道幻境考场危险。”
"It's not. I've also received a message, but what I've received is vague, and I only know that the Illusion exam room is dangerous. ”
有人看向雷木，问他：“你是不是也收到了外面传进来的消息？”
Someone looked at Lei Mu and asked him, "Did you also receive the news from outside?" ”
雷木这时才承认：“是，我们学校的教授利用秘法传了消息给我。但我怕你们不相信，也怕大家惊慌，就没有多说。”
Only then did Lei Mu admit: "Yes, the professor of our school used the secret method to send me a message. But I was afraid that you wouldn't believe it, and I was afraid that everyone would panic, so I didn't say much. ”
“雷大哥，谢谢你啊，要不是你，我们就危险了。”有学生感激道。
"Brother Lei, thank you, if it weren't for you, we would be in danger." Some students were grateful.
雷木淡淡摆手：“不是我一个人的功劳，是大家一起帮的忙。”
Lei Mu waved his hand lightly: "It's not my credit alone, it's everyone's help." ”
雷木虽然这么说，但所有参赛生都明白，如果没有雷木打头，其他学生就算嚷嚷开幻境考场有危险、那些幽魂都是侵入者，恐怕也不会有多少人响应他，更不会那么快就组织起来。
Although Lei Mu said this, all the participating students understood that if it wasn't for Lei Mu to take the lead, even if the other students shouted that it was dangerous to open the illusion exam room, and those ghosts were intruders, I am afraid that not many people would respond to him, let alone organize so quickly.
同样如果不是雷木打头，其他人想要出来当这个首领，恐怕像是双月、战兽等排名较前的学校学生就会不服气。
Similarly, if it weren't for Lei Mu to take the lead, if others wanted to come out and be the leader, I am afraid that the students of the top-ranked schools such as Shuangyue and War Beast would not be convinced.
而雷木更聪明的地方就在于他只做了组织者，半点抓权的意思都没有，把指挥权都交了出去，这也大大安抚了一些逞强好胜、自尊心超强的学生，更让他们的指挥能力有了发挥余地。
And what makes Lei Mu smarter is that he only acted as an organizer, and he didn't have the slightest intention of grasping power, and handed over all the command, which also greatly appeased some students who were stubborn and competitive, and gave them room to play their command ability.
而且雷木那镇定的态度和施展出来对幽魂的绝对杀伤力，也对大家影响至深。
Moreover, Reimina's calm attitude and the absolute lethality of the ghost spirit also had a profound impact on everyone.
总而言之，今天雷木不在，情况怎么样，真的很难说。 All in all, it's really hard to say what the situation is like when Remu is not here today.
又有学生表示他也收到了外面的联系，说让他们尽量坚持十到十五分钟，如果能找到阵眼，抢回阵眼控制权最好，但如果不行，就以保命为主。
Another student said that he had also received contact from the outside, saying that they should try to hold on for ten to fifteen minutes, and if they could find the formation eye, it would be best to take back control of the formation eye, but if not, they would focus on saving their lives.
“我们现在该怎么办？”说话的双月学生自然看向雷木。
"What do we do now?" The bimoon student who spoke naturally looked at Raimu.
雷木看起来就像大人，人又长得高大酷帅，气质还特别沉稳，是那种只从外貌看就很能赢取他人好感和信任的类型。
Lei Mu looks like an adult, and he is tall and cool and handsome, and his temperament is particularly calm, and he is the type that can win the favor and trust of others just from his appearance.
更不要说他还是小叶子的兄长。 Not to mention that he is still Xiao Yezi's brother.
雷木见绝大多数参赛者都在看着他，盼望他拿主意，他略略一想，道：“在比试开始之前，布鲁校长就跟我们介绍过幻境考场的几大规则，其中一条，就是参赛考生一旦遇到真正的生命危险，就会被保护起来，或立即被传送出幻境考场。”
Seeing that most of the contestants were looking at him, hoping that he would have an idea, Lei Mu thought for a moment and said, "Before the competition began, Principal Blue introduced us to several major rules of the Illusion Examination Room, one of which is that once the contestants encounter real danger to their lives, they will be protected or immediately teleported out of the Illusion Examination Room. ”
“你是说……让我们集体自杀？”学生们高兴了，这方法简单，他们可以立刻动手。反正又不是真死。
"You mean...... Let's commit suicide en masse? "The students were happy, it was easy and they could do it right away. It's not really dead anyway.
雷木却摇头道：“之前，幻境考场有策划方控制，我们受伤或假死，并不会被传送出去，而是会被禁锢五分钟，再继续考试。可现在，幻境考场的控制者已经换人，我就怕我们就算自杀，也同样会被困在这里，直到比试时间结束，而不是会被立刻传送出去。”
Lei Mu shook his head and said: "Before, the illusion examination room was controlled by the planner, and if we were injured or faked death, we would not be teleported out, but would be imprisoned for five minutes before continuing the exam." But now, the controller of the Illusion Exam Room has changed, and I'm afraid that even if we kill ourselves, we will also be trapped here until the end of the competition time, instead of being teleported out immediately. ”
雷木更担心入侵者改变幻境空间的规则，要是他们死了就是真的死亡怎么办？
Reimu is more worried about the intruders changing the rules of the illusion space, what if they die is really dead?
这种事没人敢尝试。 No one dares to try this kind of thing.
其他参赛者显然也想到这点，谁都不敢轻易动手。 The other contestants obviously thought of this, and no one dared to take it lightly.
恰好就在此时，又有一名学生喊道：“外面让我们千万不要自杀！说是会被困住五分钟，五分钟后我们才会被传送出去。”
Just then, another student shouted, "Let's not kill ourselves!" Said we'd be trapped for five minutes, and we'd be teleported out after five minutes. ”
黑影男爵也听到了这句话，他也早知道这件事。 The Shadow Baron had also heard this, and he had already known about it.
策划方在设计考场时就设计了临死会被困五分钟这么一个规定，在临死状态，幻境空间还会给出能量治疗濒死的学生，让他们能恢复过来继续考试。
When the planners designed the examination room, they designed a provision that they would be trapped for five minutes when they were dying, and in the dying state, the illusion space would also give energy to treat the dying students, so that they could recover and continue the exam.
但如果没有两名以上的策划者继续操纵考场，就不会再有第二次五分钟出现，这也是为了防止有人夺过幻境空间的控制权，利用这一特性来反复虐杀学生。
However, if there were no more than two masterminds continuing to manipulate the examination room, there would not have been a second five-minute appearance, which was also to prevent someone from taking control of the illusion space and using this feature to repeatedly torture and kill students.
所以他才会布置献祭魔法阵，等到这些学生生命力快要结束，幻境空间会自动用能量治疗他们，他就能再获得五分钟的生命力补充。
That's why he will arrange the sacrificial magic array, and when these students' vitality is about to end, the illusion space will automatically heal them with energy, and he will be able to get another five minutes of vitality replenishment.
看！多美好的事。 See! What a wonderful thing.
可现在这样美好的事无法简单达成了！ But now such a beautiful thing cannot be easily achieved!
时间还有十分钟，顶多十五分钟，他得加紧时间了。 There were ten minutes left, fifteen minutes at most, and he had to hurry.
黑影男爵忽然感到身边似乎有点不对劲，他听到了奇怪的悉悉索索声。
The Shadow Baron suddenly felt that something seemed to be wrong around him, and he heard a strange sound of sooting.
他试图寻找声音来源，却什么都没有发现，声音也没了。
He tried to find the source of the sound, but found nothing, and the sound was gone.
但当他刚转移注意力，那声音又冒了出来。 But as soon as he shifted his attention, the voice came out again.
黑影男爵皱眉，想到那两百多个“补养”还在等着他，终究没去管那声音。
The Black Shadow Baron frowned, thinking that the more than two hundred "nourishments" were still waiting for him, and he didn't pay attention to the voice after all.
幻境空间的天空突然暗了下来。 The sky in the illusion space suddenly darkened.
众参赛生下意识抬头，就看天空上不知何时竟出现了一片巨大的阴云。
The contestants subconsciously raised their heads, and saw that a huge cloud appeared in the sky at some point.
那阴云中陡然伸出一只巨大的手，向他们猛力拍击过来！
A huge hand suddenly stretched out from the clouds and slapped it at them!
参赛生们懵了。那巨手拍下来的威势，和教授们给他们的感觉一样，甚至更强大。
The contestants were stunned. The power of the giant hand slapped was the same as the feeling given to them by the professors, or even more powerful.
他们根本连躲避的可能性都没有。 They didn't even have the possibility of dodging.
眼看巨掌就要落到他们头上，突然！ Seeing that the giant palm was about to fall on their heads, suddenly!
天空的阴云一阵扭曲，那巨掌莫名其妙就散了。 The clouds in the sky distorted, and the giant palm dissipated inexplicably.
众参赛生：……？？？ Participants: ......???
第214章 救出学生 Chapter 214: Rescue the Students
阵眼处，黑影男爵盯着地面，发誓自己没有眼花。 At the moment, the Shadow Baron stared at the ground, swearing that he was not dazzled.
就在刚刚他真的看到了一只有手指长的蟑螂。 Just now he actually saw a cockroach with a finger.
那只蟑螂特别嚣张地盯着他，还爬了几步，发出了一点声响，那模样就像是在对他说：“来啊，来啊，虫爷就在这里，有种你来打我啊。”
The cockroach stared at him very arrogantly, and climbed a few steps, making a little noise, as if it was saying to him: "Come on, come on, the insect master is here, there is a kind of you coming to beat me." ”
黑影男爵毫不犹豫地就挥掌打了过去。 Without hesitation, the Shadow Baron slapped him.
但那虫子简直就像是预知他会攻击一般，在他挥掌之际身体突然裂开，变成上百只小虫子。
密密麻麻的小虫子不断爬动。
那一瞬间，过去那恐怖的记忆再次袭上心头。
几十只蟑螂一样的大虫子爬到自己身上，炸开，无数小虫子钻入他的耳朵、嘴巴、鼻孔……
它们啃咬着他的肌肤、内脏、骨头，他甚至至今都还能记得那些虫子在身体中钻动爬行的感觉。
啊啊啊！黑影男爵浑身炸开鸡皮疙瘩，忍无可忍地把打向那些学生的攻击转向了那些虫子。
轰！地面土壤炸开。
他不知道有没有击中那些虫子，但那些虫子全都不见了。
可他为什么还是能听到悉悉索索声？
黑影男爵神经质地转头四看，总觉得在他看不到的地方藏了无数的虫子。
“我就在这里，你打我啊！”他甚至还听到了声音。那声音特别欠，像是男童的声音。
“什么鬼东西，给我出来！”
“我是你虫爷爷，来吃你的肉，喝你的血，撕裂你的皮肤，钻进你的骨头……”
“啊！去死！”可恶！所有虫子都该死，该死！
黑影男爵不住攻击自己的四周，试图杀死任何一只有可能存在的虫子。
直到他把他所站立的周围，包括他的脚下都几乎犁了一遍，他这才觉得好受一点。
现在，应该是没有虫子了。
以他的力量，任何虫子都不可能在他这样的攻击下活下来。就算是会说人话的虫子也不行！
黑影男爵十分懊恼，为了一些小虫子，差点耽搁了他的大事，还浪费了他这么多时间和能量。
黑影男爵把注意力重新投回那些学生身上，却发现他们竟然不在原地了。
那些学生呢？
他们跑去哪里了？
黑影男爵暴怒。
没关系，他有这个幻境的部分控制权，他能找到他们。
悉悉索索，一支长长的须子陡然出现在他的眼角余光中。
黑影男爵猛地转头。
那须子咻地缩了回去。
虫子！还有虫子！
嗡嗡。他还听到了振翅声！
黑影男爵转身，就看到地面土壤似乎隐藏了无数的小虫子，它们扇动着翅膀，密密麻麻，似乎就要爬到他身上。
“你想打死我？做梦！等着吧，等你晚上睡觉的时候，虫爷爷就派出无数小虫子钻进你的耳朵，爬进你的脑袋，吸食你的脑浆。在你喝水吃饭的时候，钻入你的喉咙，啃咬你的心脏。”男童的声音极为邪恶。
“啊啊啊！是谁，给我出来！”黑影男爵再度展开疯狂攻击。为了集中能量，他把外面的幽魂都收了回来。
“虫魔，是不是你！是不是你躲在这里！”
“藏头露尾的混蛋，给我出来！”
“虫魔你这个卑鄙无耻只会使用虫子的恶魔，我诅咒你！”
不管你是谁，都给我去死！
黑影男爵不断使出大招，疯狂轰击周围。
大量的暗影能量钻入地底，想要把有可能躲藏在土壤下面的虫子都翻找出来杀死。
轰击了好一会儿，黑影男爵终于停下攻击。
这次一定干净了，不会再有虫子出现了。
黑影男爵不住摩擦自己的手背，这种感觉太糟糕了。
悉悉索索……
大量虫子再次钻出地面。
“不——！都给我滚开！”黑影男爵不知道自己现在的模样有多可怕，他发出了狂暴的、恐惧的疯狂叫喊。
他甚至忍无可忍地离开了原地，他要离开这个可怕的地方，他要远远离开这里！
黑影男爵忘掉了这里是阵眼，忘掉了他来这里的目的，只想一心逃离这个有无数虫子，怎么也杀不完的可怕地方。
等到黑影男爵狂奔出十里外，人又逐渐冷静下来。
阵眼！
他不应该离开阵眼。
他的力量镇压在阵眼上，就像是他拿着长木棍抵在门后，那几位总会长才没办法打开大门。
可他一离开，那长木棍虽然还能抵挡住一段时间的撞击，但有他在后面支撑，和没有他在后面支撑，那支撑时间就不一样了。
不行，他得回去，继续镇守阵眼。
黑影男爵开始迅速往回飞，飞到阵眼处，他小心地没让自己双脚落到地面。
随后他就看向了阵眼处。
屠魔神在上！他看到了什么？
他竟然看到无数虫子正趴在阵眼处啃咬阵眼处的修改器。
那块魔石状的修改器就是他的门栓，是他用来镇压和控制阵眼的魔器，可现在却已经被那些小虫子啃得缺了一个角。
“你们这些该死的虫子！都给我去死！”
黑影男爵怒而挥掌，这一招，他用上了十成的力量，他要把这些虫子从身体到灵魂全都摧毁。
那些虫子消失了。
可黑影男爵判断不出那些虫子是被他杀死了，还是自己跑掉了。
But the Shadow Baron couldn't tell if the bugs had been killed by him or had run away on their own.
虫巢空间内，王叶不住表扬小光和它的虫群：“干得好！不用再出去了，应该差不多了。”
王叶把小光它们送来骚扰黑影男爵，可不是让它们来送死的。
小光按照吩咐，过来后先没有露脸，而是躲起来观察情况。
按照王叶推测，黑影男爵有九成会待在幻境的阵眼处。
比起给黑影男爵添堵，王叶更希望小光它们能找到阵眼，看能不能想办法把阵眼控制权夺回来。
这不需要小光懂魔法阵之类，它只要去寻找阵眼处有没有什么奇怪的东西。
王叶懂魔法阵，他知道如果黑影男爵想要控制幻境，要么他对魔法阵十分精通，直接修改幻境规则。要么就是临时占据阵眼，利用修改器来临时控制幻境。
何谓修改器？
其实这东西就是一种魔器，上面刻有魔法阵。这些魔法阵起到的作用就像是游戏中的插件程序，只要插入游戏程序中就会临时修改和增加程序中一些不重要的小规则。
而根据黑影男爵的表现来看，他使用的很可能就是这种魔阵修改器。
当小光发现了修改器，就传讯给他。
王叶接到消息，也使用【投桃报李】传送术过来了。
原本他还想偷袭黑影男爵一下，但他躲在虫巢中略微观察后，他就发现对方实力比他高出太多，就他现在只相当于双月星超凡者六级的实力，面对这位九级的法宗，敢偷袭就等着被打死。
Originally, he still wanted to sneak attack the Black Shadow Baron, but after he hid in the hive and observed for a while, he found that the other party's strength was much higher than him, and he was now only equivalent to the sixth-level strength of the Twin Moon Star Transcendental.
就在王叶悄悄接近修改器，想要收取它或弄坏它时，他看到黑影男爵貌似要对参赛生出手了。
Just as Wang Ye quietly approached the modifier, wanting to collect it or break it, he saw that the Black Shadow Baron seemed to be about to make a move on the contestant.
当即，王叶就让小光它们拟态成了蟑螂，出现在黑影男爵面前。
Immediately, Wang Ye asked Xiaoguang to mimic cockroaches and appear in front of the Black Shadow Baron.
黑影男爵看到虫子，果然受到了影响，不再攻击参赛学生，改为攻击看到的虫子。
When the Shadow Baron saw the bugs, he was really affected, and instead of attacking the participating students, he attacked the bugs he saw.
王叶在黑影男爵出手的瞬间，把小光它们又收回虫巢，并扭曲空间躲到了修改器上。
At the moment when the Black Shadow Baron made a move, Wang Ye took the small light back into the hive, and distorted the space to hide on the modifier.
等到黑影男爵的发泄完，他再放出小光它们、并出声骚扰黑影男爵。
When the Shadow Baron was done, he released small lights and harassed the Shadow Baron.
黑影男爵出手，他就再把小光收回虫巢。 The Black Shadow Baron made a move, and he took the light back to the hive.
这一连串过程，说起来简单，做起来却非常考验王叶的反应速度和心态。
This series of processes is simple to say, but it is a great test of Wang Ye's reaction speed and mentality.
如果稍慢一步，虫群势必会有极大损失。 If you take a little slower, the swarm will inevitably suffer a great loss.
但好在王叶稳住了，利用黑影男爵对虫子的生理性恐惧，利用那仅仅可能不到半秒的攻击时间差，利用黑影男爵对空间魔法不擅长这点，几次戏弄黑影男爵。
But fortunately, Wang Ye stabilized, taking advantage of the black shadow baron's physiological fear of insects, taking advantage of the attack time difference that could only be less than half a second, and taking advantage of the fact that the black shadow baron was not good at space magic, and teased the black shadow baron several times.
最后黑影男爵还被虫子吓跑了。 In the end, the Shadow Baron was scared away by the bugs.
王叶迅速去取修改器，可修改器插入阵眼中，想取出来还需要一些时间，王叶判断黑影男爵不可能放弃阵眼，就放出小光它们，让它们直接啃咬修改器。
Wang Ye quickly went to take the modifier, but the modifier was inserted into the array eye, and it would take some time to take it out, Wang Ye judged that it was impossible for the black shadow baron to give up the array eye, so he released small lights and let them bite the modifier directly.
黑影男爵果然回来了。 The Shadow Baron is back.
王叶果断把小光它们又收回虫巢中，修改器已经被破坏，黑影男爵又离开了一段时间，相信外面那些大佬一定会察觉到阵眼处的控制变化，更快地夺回阵眼控制权。
Wang Ye decisively took the small light back into the hive, the modifier had been destroyed, and the black shadow baron left for a while, I believe that those big guys outside will definitely notice the change in control at the eye of the array and regain control of the eye of the array faster.
王叶不再管阵眼处的情况，他带着小光它们再度使用【投桃报李】传送术回到了雷木身边。
Wang Ye no longer cared about the situation at the eye of the array, and he took the small light and they used the [Peach Reciprocation] teleportation technique to return to Lei Mu's side again.
参赛生们在看到天空阴云消失后就在雷木建议下躲了起来，他们也知道他们躲不了太久，但能拖一会儿是一会儿。
The contestants hid at the suggestion of Lei Mu after seeing the clouds disappear in the sky, and they also knew that they couldn't hide for long, but they could delay for a while.
好在这两百六十多人都是炼金天才，他们有人擅长遮掩的魔法，有人的魔武就直接有这个功能。众人合作，躲入一片乱石堆中，还隐藏了起来。
Fortunately, more than 260 people are alchemy geniuses, some of them are good at concealing magic, and some people's magic weapons directly have this function. Everyone cooperated, hid in a pile of rubble, and hid.
从外面看，这里就是一堆乱石。 From the outside, it's a pile of rocks.
黑影男爵一时找不到参赛学生，看到用来临时控制阵眼的修改器又被损坏，只能气急败坏地先把自己的能量输入修改器，避免外面夺回阵眼控制权。
The Black Shadow Baron couldn't find the participating students for a while, and when he saw that the modifier used to temporarily control the Array Eye was damaged, he could only enter his own energy into the modifier first in a fit of anger to avoid regaining control of the Array Eye outside.
咔嚓！修改器多了一条裂痕。 Click! The modifier has one more rift.
黑影男爵脸色更黑，拼命稳住修改器，计算他可能没有多少时间了。
The Shadow Baron's face darkened, desperately steady, calculating that he might not have much time left.
但越是这样他越不想放过那些学生，他可不想最后什么都得不到，不得不灰溜溜地逃走。
But the more this happened, the more he didn't want to let those students go, he didn't want to end up with nothing, and he had to run away in disgrace.
那些学生躲得再好，还是逃不过九级法宗的搜索。 No matter how well those students hid, they still couldn't escape the search of the ninth-level Dharma Sect.
大量幽魂追寻着精神力，找到了乱石堆。 A large number of ghosts searched for spiritual power and found the pile of rubble.
可就在阴云出现，黑影男爵要再度对众学生出手，所有参赛生也摆出了拼命架势，各种魔法往天空扔去之际。
But just when the clouds appeared, the Black Shadow Baron was about to strike at the students again, and all the participating students also put on a desperate posture, throwing all kinds of magic into the sky.
一只巨大的蜘蛛陡然出现在乱石堆上。 A huge spider suddenly appeared on the rubble.
“我们死定了！这股力量比教授还可怕。”有学生惊慌地叫。
"We're dead! This force is even more terrifying than the professor. Some students screamed in panic.
“别怕。再坚持一会儿，我们一定都能出去。”雷木沉稳的声音响起。
"Don't be afraid. Hold on a little longer, and we'll all be able to get out. Lei Mu's calm voice sounded.
“对！我们只要再坚持一会儿，一定会有人救我们出去。”其他学生也纷纷给自己打气。
"That's right! If we hold on a little longer, someone will get us out. Other students also cheered themselves on.
“你们看，外面那是什么？” "Look, what's that out there?"
“好大的蜘蛛！哪来的蜘蛛？是侵入者新的攻击手段吗？”
"What a big spider! Where did the spiders come from? Is it a new attack vector for intruders? ”
“不是，那蜘蛛好像是保护我们的？” "No, the spider seems to be protecting us?"
“天哪，我们得救了吗？” "Oh my God, are we saved?"
黑影男爵看到蜘蛛，那种浑身不舒坦的感觉再次冒了出来。
When the Shadow Baron saw the spider, the feeling of discomfort in his body came back to him.
虫子！又是虫子！ Bugger! It's bugs again!
为什么这里会有这么多虫子？！ Why are there so many bugs here?!
黑影男爵……喷出了最恶毒的脏话，并使用能调度的最大能量，攻向那只蜘蛛！
Baron Dark Shadow...... Spew out the most vicious swear words and use the maximum amount of energy you can muster to attack that spider!
而黑影男爵最厉害的是什么？ And what is the most powerful thing about the Dark Shadow Baron?
他最厉害的就是黑暗系灵魂类魔法，只要是生灵，只要你有灵魂，就逃不过黑影男爵针对灵魂的攻击。
His most powerful thing is dark soul magic, as long as it is a living being, as long as you have a soul, you can't escape the attack of the Black Shadow Baron on the soul.
那黑影男爵最讨厌的敌人是什么？ So what is the most hated enemy of the Dark Shadow Baron?
那大概就要属傀儡和一切无生命的魔器了。 That's probably going to be a puppet and all inanimate magic weapons.
偏偏这只巨大的蜘蛛就是无生命体。 But this giant spider is inanimate.
靳炼金王的意识并不在这只蜘蛛中，不是他不能面对黑影男爵，他只是不想被人查知他这个两百多年前的炼金王的意识还存在罢了。
Jin Alchemy King's consciousness is not in this spider, it's not that he can't face the Black Shadow Baron, he just doesn't want to be found out, the consciousness of the Alchemy King more than two hundred years ago still exists.
是雷木在用魔法口诀控制这只九级接近十级的蜘蛛。 It was Thunderwood who was using magic mantras to control this ninth-level near-tenth-level spider.
黑影男爵和青色大蜘蛛对了一招，顿时一惊。 The Black Shadow Baron and the Great Cyan Spider made a move, and they were shocked.
不对，这不是普通的傀儡魔器。 No, this is no ordinary golem.
操纵这蜘蛛的人也许不强大，但这只蜘蛛本身应该至少八级，也许是九级的魔器！
The person who manipulated this spider may not be strong, but this spider itself should be at least level eight, maybe a level nine magic weapon!
九级魔器啊。 Ninth-level magic weapon.
黑影男爵对可能成长为圣级魔器的咒怨骷髅都眼馋，哪可能放过一个现成的九级魔器。
The Black Shadow Baron is greedy for cursed skeletons that may grow into saint-level magic weapons, how can he let go of a ready-made ninth-level magic weapon.
虽然九级不是圣级，但圣级魔器那就是传说级别，这年头九级魔器就是顶尖。
Although the ninth level is not a holy level, the holy level magic weapon is the legendary level, and the ninth level magic weapon is the top in these years.
也不知是哪个顶层大佬那么败家，竟然舍得给小孩子用九级魔器。
I don't know which top-level boss is so loser, he is willing to use a ninth-level magic weapon for a child.
黑影男爵也明白这只青色大蜘蛛一定是这些学生中的某一个的长辈给孩子护身用的。
The Shadow Baron also knew that this big cyan spider must have been used by the elder of one of these students to protect the child.
真豪奢啊！ What a luxury!
一个九级魔器，给这些连五级都不到的小鬼使用，多浪费？
How wasteful is a ninth-level magic weapon to use for these imps who are not even level five?
还不如给他。 It's better to give it to him.
黑影男爵贪婪地想，今天就算不能得到那些天才的精神力和生命力和天资，如果能得到这只九级蜘蛛，他这趟也没白来。
The Black Shadow Baron thought greedily, even if he couldn't get the spiritual power, vitality and talent of those geniuses today, if he could get this ninth-level spider, he wouldn't come in vain.
黑影男爵立刻出手抢夺青色大蜘蛛，想要切断该魔器和操纵者之间的精神联系。
The Shadow Baron immediately snatched the cyan spider, trying to sever the spiritual connection between the artifact and the manipulator.
这对他这个精神力强大的九级法宗来说，本应该轻而易举。
This should have been easy for him, a ninth-level Dharma Sect with strong spiritual power.
可奇怪的是，他这次出手竟然没能成功。 But the strange thing is that he didn't succeed in this shot.
他能感觉到，控制那蜘蛛的精神力竟然不在他之下。 He could feel that the mental power that controlled the spider was not under him.
怎么可能？！ How can it be?!
当然可能。 Absolutely.
王叶回来后就躲在雷木的精灵空间中，并告诉雷木：“那个入侵者肯定会最后来攻击一波，只要我们能抵抗住这一波，外面应该就能进来了。”
After Wang Ye came back, he hid in Lei Mu's elf space, and told Lei Mu: "That intruder will definitely come to attack the last wave, as long as we can resist this wave, the outside should be able to come in." ”
修改器都被啃了一个角，如果外面那几位超级大佬在这种情况下还磨磨蹭蹭，他会怀疑那些人的实力的。
The modifiers have been gnawed into the corner, and if the super-bosses outside are still grinding in this situation, he will doubt the strength of those people.
雷木当即明白了王叶的意思，这是让他使用青色蜘蛛。不过有其他人在，雷木只比划了一个手势。
Lei Mu immediately understood what Wang Ye meant, this was to let him use the cyan spider. Someone else was there, though, and Reimu only gestured to him.
王叶：“对，等会儿察觉不对，立刻就把蜘蛛放出去。”
Wang Ye: "Yes, when you notice something is wrong, you will release the spider immediately." ”
实力不对等，说拼命那就是开玩笑。 The strength is not equal, and it is a joke to say that you are desperate.
既然有一只九级的魔器蜘蛛，为什么不用？ Since there is a ninth-level magic weapon spider, why not use it?
蜘蛛来历？ Where do spiders come from?
我们雷木在去搏命之城历练时得到了那位炼金王的传承，不行吗？
Our Lei Mu got the inheritance of the Alchemy King when he went to the City of Fighting Lives to train, can't we?
怎么带进来的？ How did you bring it in?
炼金王的特殊秘法，可以让青色蜘蛛藏在雷木身上，还不让传送门检测出来。
The special secret method of the Alchemy King can allow the cyan spider to hide on Lei Mu's body and not let the portal detect it.
违规？ Violations?
这就是保命之物，平常比试自然不会用到，而且如果不是有这个九级魔器，又怎么可能抵挡得了那位侵入者的攻击。
This is a life-saving thing, which is naturally not used in ordinary competitions, and if it weren't for this ninth-level magic weapon, how could it be possible to withstand the attack of that intruder.
后果？ Consequence?
我就在陨星学校中，我确实身怀九级魔器，有种你来抢啊。不过目前为止，还没有人知道青色蜘蛛就属于雷木。
I'm in the Meteorite School, and I do have a ninth-level magic weapon, so I think you're going to grab it. However, so far, no one knows that the cyan spider belongs to Thunderwood.
黑影男爵果然找到了他们，并再次发出攻击。 The Shadow Baron found them and attacked again.
“现在，放！” "Now, put!"
雷木放出蜘蛛。 Thunderwood unleashes spiders.
如果只有雷木一人，他的精神力确实无法抵挡一个灵魂系法宗。
If there was only Lei Mu alone, his spiritual power would indeed not be able to resist a soul sect.
但王叶怎么可能让雷木一个人抵抗一名九级法宗？ But how could Wang Ye let Lei Mu resist a ninth-level Dharma Sect alone?
他在雷木放出蜘蛛后，就把自己的精神力叠加到雷木身上，帮他一起操控那只青色蜘蛛。
After he released the spider from Lei Mu, he superimposed his spiritual power on Lei Mu and helped him control the cyan spider together.
黑影男爵简直不可思议，这蜘蛛到底是谁操控的？为什么精神力竟然和他不相上下？
The Shadow Baron is incredible, who controls this spider? Why is his mental power so much the same as his?
难道这里还有一个九级法宗存在？ Could it be that there is another ninth-level Dharma Sect here?
“虫魔！是不是你？你给我出来！”黑影男爵不顾暴露身份地大喊。
"Worm Demon! Isn't it you? You come out for me! The Shadow Baron shouted despite his revealing identity.
场外，所有观众都听到了幻境考场中传出来的吼叫声。
也看到了那只青色大蜘蛛。 I also saw the big cyan spider.
能和那阴云凝聚的巨掌对击，还能不落于下风。那青色大蜘蛛得是什么等级？
can fight against the giant palm condensed by the clouds, and it can not fall behind. What level does the big cyan spider have to be?
学生们不知道那巨掌的威力和背后者的等级，学校大佬们和那六位总会长可是一清二楚。
The students didn't know the power of the giant palm and the level of those behind it, but the school bosses and the six presidents knew it well.
能和九级法宗对抗的魔器至少也得是九级吧？
知道有学生竟然带了一个九级魔器进去，众位大佬也是哭笑不得。
这明晃晃的违规行为，但如果没有这只九级的魔器，说不定学生们都要危险了。
This is a blatant violation, but if it weren't for this ninth-level magic weapon, maybe the students would be in danger.
反正这次炼金比试要重来，众位大佬都决定睁只眼闭只眼，只当没看到这只青色蜘蛛。
Anyway, this alchemy competition is going to be repeated, and all the bigwigs decided to turn a blind eye, just as if they didn't see this cyan spider.
而且没听那侵入者喊了什么吗？ And didn't you hear what the intruder shouted?
这青色蜘蛛说不定就和那虫老魔有关。 This cyan spider may have something to do with the old demon.
虫老眯了眯眼，这声音、这腔调，好像有点熟悉啊。 The insect elder squinted, this voice, this tone, seemed a little familiar.
幽魂、阴云、巨掌……这些攻击手法看着也有些眼熟。 Ghosts, clouds, giant palms...... These tactics also look familiar.
听对方的腔调，明显认识他，而且还和他有仇的样子。 Listening to the other party's tone, he obviously knows him, and he also has a grudge against him.
虫老仇家很多，能活到现在的也有那么几个，不过能活到现在还擅长灵魂类魔法，又能做出偷袭学生、吸食学生精神力这种卑劣事情的人……
There are a lot of old enemies, and there are only a few who can survive until now, but they are still good at soul magic and can do despicable things like sneaking up on students and sucking students' spiritual power......
范围瞬间缩小，虫老阴森森地吐出一个名字：“黑影男爵。”
The range narrowed instantly, and the worm elder spat out a name eerily: "Baron Dark Shadow." ”
同一时间。 At the same time.
黑影男爵再次攻向乱石堆，可他的攻击也再次被挡了下来。
The Shadow Baron attacked the rubble again, but his attack was blocked again.
黑影男爵气疯了，把所有对虫魔的仇恨都集中到了那只蜘蛛身上，他一个劲地攻击那只蜘蛛，连身边的修改器都遗忘了。
The Shadow Baron was mad and focused all his hatred for the worm demon on the spider, attacking it so hard that he forgot about the modifiers around him.
咔嚓！修改器彻底裂成了两半。 Click! The modifier is completely split in half.
“轰！”巨大的能量轰炸在黑影男爵身上。 "Boom!" A huge blast of energy bombarded the Shadow Baron.
黑影男爵整个人都飞了出去。 The Shadow Baron flew out.
幻境考场打开了。 The Illusion exam room opened.
炼金总会长在夺到考场控制权后，第一时间就把所有学生都从考场中转移了出去。
After the Alchemy President seized control of the examination room, he immediately transferred all the students from the examination room.
王叶对空间变化特别敏感，一感觉到有力量拉扯，立刻一把收回青色蜘蛛，和雷木一起被送出考场。
Wang Ye was particularly sensitive to spatial changes, and as soon as he felt a strong pull, he immediately took back the cyan spider and was sent out of the examination room with Lei Mu.
第215章 交心 Chapter 215: Heart-to-heart
光幕变成了黑屏，但所有人都知道大佬们正在与侵入者战斗。
The light curtain turned black, but everyone knew that the bigwigs were fighting the intruders.
各校把自己的参赛学生迅速带回，检查的检查，治疗的治疗。
Each school brings back its own participating students quickly, check-up check-ups, and treatments.
兰道教授听到有人小声叫他，在收起复制卷轴的时候，再出现的就是真王叶了。
Professor Landau heard someone whisper to him, and when he put away the copy scroll, the real king leaf appeared again.
虫老忽然揉了揉王叶的脑袋。 The insect elder suddenly rubbed Wang Ye's head.
虽然不知道王叶在幻境考场做了什么，但考场提前被打开，九成与他这个小弟子有关。
Although I don't know what Wang Ye did in the Illusion Realm examination room, the examination room was opened in advance, and ninety percent of it was related to him, a little disciple.
他可不相信，只凭一只蜘蛛，黑影男爵就失态到喊出他名字的程度。
He didn't believe that with just one spider, the Shadow Baron would lose his temper to the point of calling out his name.
可惜阵眼那边因为有黑影男爵控制，光幕上没有那边的影像。
It's a pity that because of the control of the Black Shadow Baron, there is no image on the light curtain.
而且雷木战斗时明显没有展露他的实力，他记得雷木使用的异术为古符术，一种把古魔文化为能量实体战斗的方式。但这次雷木在战斗中半点没有使用。
Moreover, Lei Mu obviously did not show his strength when he fought, and he remembered that the strange art used by Lei Mu was the ancient rune, a way to fight the ancient demon culture as an energy entity. But this time Thunderwood was not used in the battle at all.
虫老不吃惊王叶能戏弄黑影男爵，他吃惊的是王叶竟然能不经过传送门直接进入幻境考场。
The insect elder was not surprised that Wang Ye could tease the Black Shadow Baron, he was surprised that Wang Ye could enter the illusion examination room directly without going through the portal.
虽说王叶能进入的媒介九成就是雷木，但这种无视空间封锁的能力如果让人知道……
Although the medium that Wang Ye can enter is Lei Mu, this ability to ignore the spatial blockade is known if it is known......
虫巢有这么厉害吗？还是这是王叶独特的本领？ Is the hive so powerful? Or is this Wang Ye's unique ability?
如果虫巢真有这么厉害，就表示智慧寄生虫族也有同样的能力。
If the hive is really so powerful, it means that the intelligent parasitic zerg also has the same ability.
想想看，只要智慧寄生虫族的王虫带着虫巢进入某个秘境，哪怕这个秘境对外怎么封锁，那王虫都可以利用虫巢运送入大量寄生虫族进入那个秘境，而那个秘境的生灵还什么都不知道。
Think about it, as long as the king worm of the intelligent parasitic Zerg enters a certain secret realm with the hive, no matter how this secret realm is sealed to the outside world, the king worm can use the hive to transport a large number of parasitic Zerg into that secret realm, and the creatures of that secret realm still don't know anything.
虫老以前听王叶提起智慧寄生虫族，就对这种生灵极为警惕，但今天虫老更冥冥中感觉到什么，他想他需要好好去查一查智慧寄生虫族的事了，至少绝对不能让这个种族在双月星泛滥。
Worm Elder used to hear Wang Ye mention the Wisdom Parasite Zerg, so he was extremely wary of this kind of creature, but today Worm Elder felt something in the dark, he thought that he needed to check the matter of the Wisdom Parasite Zerg, at least he must not let this race flood in the Double Moon Star.
最终虫老和兰道教授什么都没问，就看着王叶奔向雷木。
In the end, Worm Elder and Professor Landau didn't ask anything, and just watched Wang Ye run towards Lei Mu.
幻境考场那边的战斗结束得也很快，因为不到十分钟，双月布鲁校长的声音就在会场响起：
The battle on the other side of the Illusion Examination Room also ended quickly, because in less than ten minutes, Principal Twin Moon Blue's voice rang out in the venue:
“诸位，一个好消息，侵入者已经被驱逐。幻境战场需要一点时间维护，本次炼金比赛将延迟到下午两点整召开，届时请诸位准时进入赛场。”
"Good news, ladies and gentlemen, the trespassers have been expelled. The Fantasy Battlefield needs a little time to maintain, and this alchemy competition will be postponed to 2 o'clock in the afternoon, so please enter the arena on time. ”
“至于在之前精神力受损的学生也不用担心。对于这次突发事故，策划方深感歉意，将会对参加本次炼金比试的所有参赛生进行补偿和奖励。”
"As for the students who were mentally impaired before, don't worry. The planner apologizes for this sudden accident and will compensate and reward all the students who participated in this alchemy competition. ”
“补偿内容如下，一人一瓶纯净度在90%以上的四级精神力还原修复药剂，无论你的精神力受到多大损伤，只要没有伤及精神核，就能复原如初。如果有学生精神核因为侵入者的袭击，受到损伤，请另外告知策划方，策划方将全力治疗其，助其恢复。”
"The compensation is as follows, one person has a bottle of fourth-level spiritual power reduction and repair elixir with a purity of more than 90%, no matter how much damage your mental power is, as long as the spiritual core is not damaged, you can recover as before. If a student's psychiatric core is damaged due to the intruder's attack, please inform the planner separately, and the planner will do their best to treat him or her and help him recover. ”
各校师生听到这里，什么怨愤都没了，再说这次还算幸运，可能是学生们自力救助及时的缘故，各校学生虽然有不少人精神力损伤严重，但还没有伤及精神核的人出现。
When the teachers and students of the schools heard this, there was no resentment, and besides, this time it was lucky, it may be because the students helped themselves in time, although many students in various schools were seriously injured in their mental strength, but no one who had injured the spiritual core appeared.
而之所以能有这么一个好结果，大家不由看向陨星学校的方向。
And the reason why there was such a good result, everyone couldn't help but look in the direction of the Meteorite School.
一时，学生还好，各校大佬们心情都很复杂，今年陨星可是出尽风头。而无论小叶子还是他的兄长雷木，都优秀得亮眼。
For a while, the students were fine, but the bigwigs of various schools were in mixed moods, and this year's meteorite was out of the limelight. And whether it is Xiao Yezi or his brother Lei Mu, they are all excellent.
有些学校大佬忍不住磨牙，陨星运气怎么那么好，就让那对兄弟都去投奔他们去了？
Some school bosses couldn't help but grind their teeth, why was the meteorite so lucky, so he let that pair of brothers go to them?
不过想到那百年难得一见的双项双第一小天才竟然中了千木之毒，又不禁叹息，这可真的是天妒英才。
However, thinking that the rare double double first genius in a hundred years was actually poisoned by a thousand trees, he couldn't help but sigh, this is really a jealous talent.
布鲁校长又对炼金参赛生共同抵抗侵入者的行为表示了高度赞扬，并宣布了奖励内容，所有炼金参赛生都额外获得了一枚四级魔晶，而最先的发起者雷木则获得了一枚五级魔晶。
Principal Blue also highly praised the alchemy participants for their joint resistance to the intruders, and announced the content of the rewards, all the alchemy participants received an additional fourth-level magic crystal, and the original initiator, Lei Mu, received a fifth-level magic crystal.
没有人表示不服，相反还有人觉得给雷木的奖励少了。当时那种情况，雷木已经做得足够好，换了一个学生真的没有他那份镇定和号召力，和对付幽魂的能力。
No one expressed dissatisfaction, on the contrary, some people felt that the reward given to Lei Mu was less. At that time, Reimu had done well enough, and a new student really didn't have his composure and appeal, and his ability to deal with ghosts.
尤其没过一会儿，魔法师公会总会长廖女士就公告了一件事，她坦言告诉所有人：
Especially after a while, Ms. Liao, the president of the Magicians Guild, announced one thing, and she told everyone frankly:
“经过策划方调查，确定这次的侵入者是九级的黑暗系魔法师黑影男爵格罗斯，他不但侵入了幻境考场，还自带了炼金工作台，那些炼金工作台都被他做过手脚，实际上，他利用那些炼金工作台布置了一个被明令禁止的大型献祭阵法。试图献祭所有参赛学生的精神力、生命力和天资，来延长他的寿命、增加他的精神力和天资。”
"After the investigation of the planners, it was determined that the intruder this time was the ninth-level dark magician Black Shadow Baron Gross, who not only invaded the illusion examination room, but also brought his own alchemy workbench, which he had done before, in fact, he used those alchemy workbenches to arrange a large-scale sacrificial formation that was expressly forbidden. Trying to sacrifice the mental power, life force, and talent of all the participating students to prolong his lifespan and increase his mental power and talent. ”
众人惊骇至极，也后怕不已。 The crowd was horrified and terrified.
幸好雷木带领大家离开了炼金台，幸好他们没有留在原地。
Fortunately, Lei Mu led everyone out of the alchemy platform, but fortunately they didn't stay where they were.
会后，相关学生和学校纷纷来陨星这边再度表达感谢。 After the meeting, relevant students and schools came to Meteorite to express their gratitude again.
乾明副校长接待了他们，但雷木没有露面，据说他精神力消耗严重，被学校教授带回去治疗了。
Vice Principal Qianming received them, but Lei Mu did not show up, and it is said that he was seriously mentally exhausted and was taken back by the school professor for treatment.
实际上雷木只是不适应这种被大家关注和感激的现况，而且他觉得自己也没做什么，主要还是小叶子在暗中帮忙，大家感谢错人了。
In fact, Lei Mu just didn't adapt to this kind of situation of being noticed and appreciated by everyone, and he felt that he didn't do anything, mainly because Xiao Yezi was helping in secret, and everyone thanked the wrong person.
可惜这次小叶子因为需要行动保密的缘故，不能让大家知道他在这次对抗侵入者的行动中付出了多大的贡献。
It's a pity that this time, because of the need to keep his actions secret, he can't let everyone know how much he has contributed to this operation against the invaders.
王叶：“木哥，我们俩什么关系，还需要分那么清楚吗？感谢你就是感谢我，感谢我就是感谢你。再说这次你真的很厉害，在大大克制本身力量的情况下也能发挥得那么好。”
Wang Ye: "Brother Mu, what is the relationship between the two of us, do you still need to be so clear?" To thank you is to thank me, and to thank me is to thank you. Besides, you're really good this time, and you can perform so well even with a lot of restraint on your own strength. ”
雷木失笑：“我做什么了？我不就释放了一个咒怨骷髅，其他事情都是你在做好不好。而且也是咒怨骷髅自己争气，正好克制幽魂。”
Lei Mu smiled: "What did I do?" I'm not just releasing a cursed skeleton, and everything else is up to you to do well. And it's also a curse against the skeleton to fight for its own energy, just to restrain the ghost. ”
王叶摇头：“木哥，你太小看自己了。在那种情况下，还能保持镇定，并有效组织所有人保持一致进退，还能让大家都保持比较轻松的心态，面对九级法宗的攻击还能回击，只这几点就不是普通人能做到的。我承认因为之前的两次比试，有了一定号召力，但我没有你那种天生的……领导气质？就是让人看了心里特别安稳。”
Wang Ye shook his head: "Brother Mu, you underestimate yourself too much." In that case, he can still maintain his composure, and effectively organize everyone to advance and retreat in a consistent manner, and he can also keep everyone in a relatively relaxed state of mind, and he can fight back in the face of the attack of the ninth-level Dharma Sect, and only these few points are not something that ordinary people can do. I admit that because of the previous two competitions, I have a certain appeal, but I don't have the natural ...... of you Leadership temperament? It just makes people feel very stable when they see it. ”
王叶握住雷木的手，抬头说：“木哥，你不知道，每次当我有所动摇或者产生特别不好的心情的时候，只要看到你，我的心就会安定下来。只要你在我身边，我就……无所畏惧。”
Wang Ye held Lei Mu's hand, looked up and said, "Brother Mu, you don't know, every time I am shaken or in a particularly bad mood, as long as I see you, my heart will settle down. As long as you're by my side, I'm ...... Fearless. ”
王叶还想到雷木小时候受到的虐待并不比他少，甚至经历的事比他还可怕得多，可雷木并没有变得自卑懦弱，也没有变得阴暗怨怼仇恨世人，这是要多么坚毅的性情才能做到这点？
Wang Ye also thought that Lei Mu was not less abused than him when he was a child, and even experienced much more terrible things than him, but Lei Mu did not become inferior and cowardly, nor did he become dark and resentful and hateful to the world, what kind of resolute temperament does it take to do this?
而且在雷木落到海里、明明自己还身受重伤，却愿意伸手去拉他一把，当年雷木也是在身受重伤下还愿意帮助闻笛师父脱困，诸如这些行为都能看出雷木的善良本质。
And when Lei Mu fell into the sea, he was willing to reach out and pull him when he was seriously injured, and Lei Mu was also willing to help Master Wendi get out of trouble when he was seriously injured, and these behaviors can see the good nature of Lei Mu.
只是很多人在刚看到雷木时，就会被他满身符纹的怪样给吓到，加上雷木习惯了冷脸对待世人，这让所有人都以为他是个好杀冷漠残酷的杀手性子。
It's just that many people will be frightened by the strange appearance of his rune when they first see Lei Mu, and Lei Mu is used to treating the world with a cold face, which makes everyone think that he is a killer who is indifferent and cruel.
后来撒坦被传成天下公敌时，他那诡异的外表和额头的黑暗双角就成了他是恶魔的最佳佐证。
Later, when Satan is rumored to be the public enemy of the world, his strange appearance and dark horns on his forehead become the best proof that he is a demon.
尤其他脸上的符纹几乎覆盖了他全部五官，让人看不清他的五官到底是什么样，人们看到他的那张脸只觉得特别恐惧和瘆人，以至于撒坦到底长什么样，都没几个人知道。
In particular, the runes on his face covered almost all of his facial features, making it impossible to see what his facial features were like, and people only felt particularly frightened and mad when they saw his face, so that few people knew what Satan looked like.
除了一些喜好特异的玩家，觉得这样的撒坦特别酷，有种异样的性感，大多数人都极为排斥。
Except for some players who have special preferences, they think this kind of Satan is particularly cool and has a strange sexiness, and most people are extremely repulsed.
雷木被小孩说得有点脸红，他并不觉得自己有那么好，见小孩像是在回忆什么，就捏了捏他的耳朵，岔开了话题：“你在想什么？”
Lei Mu was a little blushing by the child's words, he didn't think he was so good, seeing that the child seemed to be recalling something, he pinched his ears and diverted the topic: "What are you thinking?" ”
王叶收回思绪，不好意思地摸摸鼻尖，笑：“我就是突然想到你说过的当年教导过你的人，我很好奇他的身份。”
Wang Ye retracted his thoughts, touched the tip of his nose embarrassedly, and smiled: "I just suddenly thought of the person you said about teaching you back then, and I was very curious about his identity. ”
那个人对雷木的性格形成必然有极大的影响，那个人是谁？后来去了哪里？他有没有在雷木后来的生命里出现过？
That person must have had a great influence on the formation of Raimu's character, who is that person? Where did it go? Did he ever appear in Raimi's later life?
王叶真的好奇起来。 Wang Ye was really curious.
雷木听到王叶提到那位先生，脸上也露出了回忆神情：“那位啊，其实我对他的身份一直都不了解，但他确实教导了我一段时间，在我七岁到十五岁之间。但他不是一直都待在我身边，而是断断续续地出现，每次出现会查看我的学习情况，再根据我的情况指点我新的知识。他也会跟我说说外面的事情，但也是他让我在成年前都不要离开家族墓地。”
Lei Mu heard Wang Ye mention that gentleman, and his face also showed a look of reminiscence: "That, in fact, I don't know his identity all along, but he did teach me for a while, between the ages of seven and fifteen. But instead of staying with me all the time, he appeared intermittently, checking on my studies and pointing me out new knowledge based on my situation. He would also tell me about the outside world, but he was the one who told me not to leave the family cemetery until I was an adult. ”
雷木顿了顿：“其实我一直怀疑，撒家人会把我扔到家族墓地，很可能就是受到那位指引。而奇特的是，我也确实感觉到，在家族墓地，我就比较容易压制魔种的力量。”
Lei Mu paused: "Actually, I have always suspected that the Sa family will throw me to the family cemetery, and it is likely that I was guided by that person. And the strange thing is that I do feel that in the family cemetery, it is easier for me to suppress the power of the demon seed. ”
雷木一哂：“不管那位的真实身份是什么，又为什么让我去家族墓地，我都感谢那位，他也确确实实教导了我，没让我成为一个目不识丁的傻瓜。而且如果没有那位先生，撒家人早就对我下狠手，而不是把我扔到家族墓地让我成为守墓人，给了我一段时间的平静生活。”
Lei Mu snorted: "No matter what the real identity of that person is, and why he let me go to the family cemetery, I am grateful to that person, and he really taught me and did not make me an illiterate fool." And if it weren't for that gentleman, the Saga family would have been cruel to me, instead of throwing me into the family cemetery to make me a grave keeper, giving me a period of peaceful life. ”
“撒家人可没有放过你，他们表面是把你扔到了家族墓地，实际上那时已经在你身上布置了生命力转移阵法，用来滋养他们的小儿子！”王叶一提到这事就恨得不得了。
"The Sa's family didn't let you go, they threw you to the family cemetery on the surface, but in fact, they had already arranged a life force transfer formation on you at that time to nourish their youngest son!" Wang Ye hated it as soon as he mentioned it.
雷木什么都没说，他不恨吗？怎么可能？ Reimu didn't say anything, didn't he hate? How can it be?
只是他现在的力量还不足以去报复撒家，而且他也不希望现在美好平静的生活被仇恨破坏。加上他身上流着撒家的血，对他做出那些过分事情的都是他的亲人，这导致他的感情极为复杂，他想要复仇，又会在心底的某个角落说：如果你不是魔种，你家人就不会那样对你。
It's just that his current strength is not enough to take revenge on the Sagar, and he doesn't want his current beautiful and peaceful life to be ruined by hatred. In addition, he has the blood of the Sajia family in his body, and the people who have done those excessive things to him are his relatives, which leads to his extremely complicated feelings, he wants revenge, and he will say in a corner of his heart: If you are not a demon seed, your family will not treat you like that.
虽然他知道这个声音不对。撒家人在他一点点大的时候，就反复跟他灌输：他之所以会被家人排斥和厌恶，都因为他身上的魔种。所以要怪就怪魔种，要怪就怪他生来就是罪孽。
Although he knew that the voice was wrong. When he was a little older, the Saga family repeatedly instilled in him that the reason why he was rejected and disgusted by his family was because of the demon seed in him. Therefore, if you want to blame the demon seed, if you want to blame him, you will blame him for being born a sin.
雷木小时候不懂得反抗，也真的认为自己就该被研究、该经受那些痛苦。
Remu didn't know how to resist when he was a child, and he really thought that he should be studied and should go through those pains.
直到他七岁魔种二次爆发，惊动了路过的那位强者，那位强者不知是出于同情还是其他原因，阻止了他家人的恶劣行为，也开始指导他。
It wasn't until he was seven years old that the demon seed broke out for the second time, alarming the strong man who was passing by, and the strong man, who didn't know whether it was out of sympathy or other reasons, stopped his family's bad behavior and began to guide him.
可以说没有那位强者，就没有现在的他。 It can be said that without that strong man, there would be no current him.
只是很可惜，他几次想要拜那位强者为师，那位强者都拒绝了，并在他十五岁之后就再也没有出现过。
It's just a pity that he wanted to worship that strong man as a teacher several times, but the strong man refused, and he never appeared again after he was fifteen years old.
雷木曾不止一次地想到，也许他就是个不讨喜的人，让所有人都厌恶他，就算有人因为他的遭遇同情他，也无法和他长期待在一起，更不会对他付出过多感情。
Reimu had thought more than once that maybe he was just an unpleasant person who made everyone hate him, and even if someone sympathized with him because of what happened to him, they would not be able to stay with him for a long time, let alone give him too much affection.
所以王叶对他全心全意的依赖和信任，哪怕他明知那依赖和信任来得有点莫名其妙，他还是陷落了。
So Wang Ye relied on and trusted him wholeheartedly, even if he knew that the dependence and trust came a little inexplicably, he still fell.
他为什么会主动说要帮助王叶回家，说要守护他一段时间，不过是他贪婪那份他从没有得到过的温情和全心信任。
Why did he take the initiative to say that he wanted to help Wang Ye go home, and said that he would protect him for a while, but he was greedy for the warmth and wholehearted trust that he had never received.
和王叶在一起，雷木真正感觉到自己是活着的，是被需要的，是被人重视、甚至是被人深深爱着的。
With Wang Ye, Lei Mu really felt that he was alive, needed, valued, and even deeply loved.
在知道王叶是因为“上辈子的他”，才会对他那么信赖后，雷木即感激上辈子的他自己，又不禁深深妒忌。
After knowing that Wang Ye trusted him so much because of "him in his previous life", Lei Mu was grateful to himself in his previous life, but he couldn't help but be deeply jealous.
他忍不住会去想，如果没有上辈子的他，那小叶子还会对这辈子的他这么信赖和喜爱吗？
He couldn't help but think, if it weren't for him in his previous life, would Xiao Yezi still trust and love him so much in this life?
“木哥，”王叶突然抓住雷木的手。 "Brother Mu," Wang Ye suddenly grabbed Lei Mu's hand.
雷木一惊，他刚才的情绪似乎过于暴露，小叶子是不是感觉到了什么？他并不想让小叶子感觉到他有那么阴暗甚至可以说自卑的心理。
Lei Mu was startled, his emotions just now seemed to be too exposed, did Xiao Yezi feel something? He didn't want Xiao Yezi to feel that he was so dark and even inferior.
这是他深藏在灵魂深处，最隐秘的秘密。他不想让任何人探知。
This is his deepest secret in the depths of his soul. He didn't want anyone to find out.
王叶确实感觉到雷木刚才的情绪，他无法用言语来形容那种情绪，他只是奇异得产生了某种共鸣。就好像他的心底深处也藏着同样的情绪和同样的不安。
Wang Ye did feel Lei Mu's emotion just now, he couldn't describe that emotion in words, he just had a certain resonance in a strange way. It was as if he had the same emotions and the same uneasiness hidden deep in his heart.
“我和你一样。”王叶把自己还很小的手放入雷木的大手中，让雷木握住。
"I'm just like you." Wang Ye put his still small hand into Lei Mu's big hand and let Lei Mu hold it.
他喜欢雷木握住他的手，这让他从身到心都有种被雷木珍惜的幸福感。
He likes Reimu holding his hand, which gives him a sense of happiness that is cherished by Reimu, both physically and mentally.
“我小时候有姑姑，你小时候有那个强者。我们都不是完美的人，在我们那里，童年伤害可是会成为一辈子的阴影。”
"I had an aunt when I was a child, and you had that strong man when you were a child. None of us are perfect people, and childhood injuries can be a shadow for a lifetime. ”
“嗐，我想说的是！不管是我的梦境，还是现在，遇到你，都是我的幸运。但梦境中，那个你无法和我交流，那是我最遗憾的事情。我一直想着，如果那个你有意识，我们一定会成为最好的朋友和兄弟。我说不定也会变成更好的人。”
"Whew, that's what I want to say! Whether it's my dream or now, it's my luck to meet you. But in the dream, you can't communicate with me, that's the thing I regret the most. I've always thought that if that you were conscious, we would definitely become best friends and brothers. Maybe I'll become a better person too. ”
王叶笑：“我说的更好的人，不是品德更好，而是像现在一样，特别幸福、特别开心，你不觉得我明明有着一世的记忆，却越来越像小孩子，那是因为我幸福啊，因为你把我像孩子一样宠爱。木哥，你不知道我有多么庆幸能提前那么长时间遇到你，遇到有意识的你。”
Wang Ye smiled: "The better person I am talking about is not a better character, but like now, very happy, very happy, don't you think that I obviously have the memory of a lifetime, but more and more like a child, that's because I'm happy, because you pamper me like a child." Brother Mu, you don't know how fortunate I am to meet you so long in advance, to meet you consciously. ”
王叶抱住雷木的腰，脑袋一个劲蹭啊蹭，不住地低喊：“木哥，木哥，我真的好喜欢你。”
Wang Ye hugged Lei Mu's waist, rubbed his head vigorously, and kept shouting: "Brother Mu, Brother Mu, I really like you so much." ”
雷木什么阴暗自卑心都飞了，他和王叶情绪共享，此时被小孩满满的喜欢和爱包裹，只觉得浑身都充满了勇气。
Lei Mu's dark inferiority complex has flown away, he and Wang Ye share emotions, and at this time, he was wrapped in the child's full of love and love, and he only felt that his whole body was full of courage.
真奇怪，为什么会充满了勇气？ It's strange, why is it full of courage?
大概是他可以、他愿意为小叶子，面对全天下的敌人？ Probably he can, he is willing to face the enemies of the whole world for Xiaoyezi?
雷木被自己的想法逗笑，“怎么不叫我木木了？” Lei Mu was amused by his thoughts, "Why don't you call me Mu Mu?" ”
王叶抱着雷木的腰仰头，认真脸说：“我就是觉得你帅极了，不叫哥难以表达我滔滔不绝的敬仰之心。不过这只是暂时，爸爸还是爸爸，你还是我的好大儿。”
Wang Ye hugged Lei Mu's waist and raised his head, and said with a serious face: "I just think you are very handsome, and it is difficult to express my gushing admiration without calling my brother." But this is only temporary, Dad is still Dad, and you are still my good son. ”
雷木大笑。 Reimu laughed.
下午，炼金比赛重开，还是在幻境考场中。 In the afternoon, the alchemy competition reopened, still in the fantasy examination room.
不过这次就没再出任何幺蛾子，比赛也是很常见的比赛方式，采取累积积分式，最后根据积分来排名次。
However, this time there were no more moths, and the competition was also a very common way of playing, taking the accumulation of points, and finally ranking according to the points.
从一级开始逐渐加大题目难处，每一题都有三次尝试机会，根据题目完成度给分。
Starting from Level 1, the difficulty of the questions is gradually increased, and each question has three attempts to give points according to the degree of completion of the questions.
有那么两次，大赛方还把正确材料和外形相似的错误材料混合给出，以此考验参赛者的眼力。
On two occasions, the contestants also tested their eyesight by mixing the correct material with the wrong material with similar appearance.
雷木虽然学习炼金不久，但他基础打得还算扎实，他明明有五级的炼金实力，却只去考了一个四级的资格，在这场比试中，他就当是验证自己这段时间所学，心态放得还算平稳。
Although Lei Mu has not been studying alchemy for a long time, his foundation is quite solid, he obviously has the strength of level five alchemy, but he only went to take a level four qualification, in this competition, he regarded it as a test to verify what he has learned during this time, and his mentality is quite stable.
之前和王小叶那段感情交融（？）突然就让他想开了。 The relationship with Wang Xiaoye before (?) Suddenly it made him want to open it.
就算他比赛没有进入前三名，大不了他就跟着小叶子的虫巢空间进入那个特殊秘境。
Even if he didn't make it to the top three in the competition, it would be a big deal that he would follow Xiao Ye's hive space into that special secret realm.
面子？自尊？他知道自己有多强，也知道王小叶有多么重视他，他已经建立起足够的自信心，不过一个学校的比赛名次而已，能拿到前三最好，拿不到也不至于天塌地陷，小叶子更不可能因此看不起他。
Face? Esteem? He knows how strong he is, and he also knows how much Wang Xiaoye values him, he has built enough self-confidence, but it is just a school's competition ranking, he can get the top three best, and if he can't get it, the sky will not fall, and Xiao Yezi can't look down on him because of this.
可能炼金这种比赛真的很需要非常平稳冷静的心态，对比其他参赛学生到了后来都有点焦急和紧张的焦躁模样，雷木那种不紧不慢，稳定做自己事情的态度让不少学校大佬都看得不住点头。
Maybe alchemy really needs a very stable and calm mentality, compared to the anxious and nervous appearance of other participating students, Lei Mu's unhurried and stable attitude of doing his own things made many school bigwigs nod.
当然，像雷木一样从头到尾保持冷静的参赛生也有几个。
Of course, there are a few contestants who remain calm from start to finish like Reimu.
这几个人的分数也明显比其他参赛者都高不少。 The scores of these people are also significantly higher than those of the other contestants.
炼金很花时间，大赛方显然考虑到这点，出的题目都是不怎么花费时间，却又极为考验各人真实功底。
Alchemy takes a lot of time, and the competition party obviously takes this into account, and the questions they come up with are not very time-consuming, but they are extremely testing everyone's true skills.
大多数题目都不需要你完成一个完整的炼金制品，只是完成一个部件。
Most of the problems don't require you to complete a complete alchemy artifact, just a component.
从金属和各种材料的提炼、冶炼、塑形、设计、融合、附魔……
From the refining, smelting, shaping, designing, fusion, and enchantment of metals and various materials......
到药液提取、炼制、融会…… to the extraction, refining, and fusion of medicinal liquids......
还有魔纹和魔法符号以及魔法阵在炼金上的应用…… There are also magic patterns and magic symbols, as well as the application of magic circles in alchemy......
炼金涉及到的知识面很多，大赛方尽量把这些方方面面都考到了。
Alchemy involves a lot of knowledge, and the competition party tried to test all these aspects.
有些人可能特别擅长某一项，有些人不擅长。不过没关系，因为是积分制，不是淘汰式，三个小时的比赛下来，基本已经可以最大程度看出参赛者的真实实力。
Some people may be particularly good at one thing, and some people may not be good at it. But it doesn't matter, because it is a point system, not an elimination type, and after three hours of competition, you can basically see the true strength of the contestants to the greatest extent.
最后的积分排名，也没有哪个学校师长或学生觉得不合理。
In the final point ranking, no school teacher or student felt unreasonable.
雷木到底炼金时间还短，他特别擅长魔纹和魔法符号的绘制，也就是附魔，对冶炼也很有心得，但其他方面就稍微弱一点。
Lei Mu's alchemy time is still short, he is particularly good at drawing magic patterns and magic symbols, that is, enchanting, and he is also very experienced in smelting, but he is slightly weaker in other aspects.
最后雷木获得炼金比试第三名，这个名次无论是陨星学校还是他自己，都很满意了。
In the end, Lei Mu won the third place in the alchemy competition, and this ranking was very satisfactory to both the Meteorite School and himself.
陨星学校另一名学生获得了第一名的好成绩。这也没有让人意外，因为陨星学校的炼金学院一直都很强大。往年炼金比试，陨星的学生也向来不会掉出前三。
Another student from Meteorite School won first place. This is not surprising, as the Alchemy Academy of the Falling Star School has always been strong. In previous years' alchemy competitions, the students of Meteorite have never fallen out of the top three.
双月学校的师生们是最郁闷的，已经接连五场比试下来，他们双月竟然连一个第一都没获得，这在往年几乎是不可能的事情。
The teachers and students of the Bi-Moon School are the most depressed, and after five consecutive competitions, they have not even won a first place in Bi-Month, which is almost impossible in previous years.
不过接下来，当武师公会总会长从抽取箱内抽取出下一轮比赛的内容后，双月师生又重新振奋起来。
But then, when the head of the Martial Arts Guild pulled out the content of the next round from the drawing box, the teachers and students of the two moons were reinvigorated.
第216章 雷木的恋慕者 Chapter 216: Raimu's Avy
魔法综合比试！ Magic Tournament!
这是每一届各校大比中最受人瞩目、也是参与人数最多的一场专业比试。
This is the most eye-catching and the largest number of participants in each school competition.
很多学生甚至把魔法综合比试称之为各校最高武力大比。
Many students even refer to the magic comprehensive competition as the highest force competition in each school.
王叶和雷木，以及家里一干老小，都看得津津有味。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu, as well as the old and young in the family, all watched it with relish.
该说不愧是最受瞩目的一场比试吗，各校学生都跟打了鸡血一样，不管场内还是场外。
Should it be said that it is the most high-profile competition, the students of all schools are like chicken blood, whether on or off the field.
因为有前面五场比试的铺垫，这次比试，各校学生都很注重团体作战，单打独斗的极少。
Because of the foreshadowing of the previous five competitions, in this competition, students from all schools paid great attention to team battles, and there were very few who fought alone.
而策划方也很狗，同样是积分式，却搞了阵营对战模式。
And the planner is also very dog, it is also a point type, but it has a camp battle mode.
虽然一开始大家分成了两个阵营加中立者，但由于参赛学生们有各自的三观和种族观念，在战斗中和阵营人接触中，要么认可、要么不认可，结果又上演了叛逃、挖角、卧底、合纵连横等各种让人目瞪口呆的大戏。
Although everyone was divided into two camps and neutrals at the beginning, because the participating students had their own three views and racial concepts, they either recognized or disapproved in contact with the camp people in the battle, and as a result, they staged various dumbfounded dramas such as defection, poaching, undercover, and joint vertical and horizontal.
这次魔法综合比试除了展示了学生们各自的魔法和异术的实战能力，学生们受到前面五场比试的启发，也分别展示了其他方面的才能。
In addition to showcasing the students' actual combat abilities in magic and magic, the students were inspired by the previous five competitions and also demonstrated their talents in other aspects.
指挥、谈判、计谋、安抚、骂人（挑衅）、野外生存、做陷阱、战场适应、治疗、调度、后勤管理……
Command, negotiation, stratagem, pacify, curse (provoke), survive in the wild, make traps, adapt to the battlefield, treat, dispatch, logistics management......
所有参赛学生都不再限制于只展现自己的武力方面，这让这场魔法综合比试变得非常好看。
All the students who participated in the competition were no longer limited to showing off their martial arts, which made this magic competition very interesting.
事后王叶看游戏方的资料片剪辑，感觉真跟看魔幻战斗大片一样。这也是所有资料中剪辑时间最长的一部，有足足一百分钟。
Afterwards, Wang Ye watched the expansion clip of the game side, and it felt like watching a fantasy battle blockbuster. It is also the longest editing time of all the materials, with a full 100 minutes.
而这个跟影片差不多长短的资料片更是一度被推选为本年度全世界最好看电影，没有之一！
And this expansion film, which is about the same length as the film, was once selected as the best movie in the world this year, and there is no one!
王叶还看了前面几个比试的资料片，在观众评论中，他看到有人提到了那个小叶子的魔武很像是地球的二胡。
Wang Ye also watched the expansion films of the previous competitions, and in the audience comments, he saw that someone mentioned that Xiao Ye's magic martial arts were very similar to the erhu of the earth.
当时他还稍微紧张了一下，但看到下面回复说这游戏里有很多跟地球很像的东西，包括乐器。而且游戏嘛，能参考的资料就那么多，把现实物品套用进游戏中的事情很常见。众人似乎也都接受了这个理由，不再因为看到二胡而惊讶。
He was a little nervous at the time, but he replied that there were a lot of things in the game that resembled the earth, including musical instruments. And the game, there are so many materials that can be referenced, and it is common to apply real items to the game. Everyone seems to have accepted this reason, and they are no longer surprised to see the erhu.
王叶原本还担心上次和他一起刷药园副本的四个玩家会通过二胡再加小叶子这个名字认出他，但他在论坛帖子中搜索了二胡两个字，搜出来的帖子没有一个人把二胡联系上隔壁小王。
Wang Ye was originally worried that the four players who brushed the Medicine Garden copy with him last time would recognize him by the name Erhu and Xiaoyezi, but he searched for the word erhu in the forum post, and none of the posts found contacted Erhu to Xiao Wang next door.
王叶不禁想要么是那几个玩家没有注意到那么多，毕竟只是一场游戏，大家也不会观察那么仔细。要么就是他们有所猜测，但并不是随便上网嚷嚷的性子。
Wang Ye couldn't help but think that either those players didn't notice so much, after all, it was just a game, and everyone wouldn't observe it so carefully. Either they have some guesses, but they don't just shout on the Internet.
不管如何，王叶暂且放心了。 No matter what, Wang Ye was relieved for the time being.
双月魔法学校终于一洗前面五场考试的耻辱，在本次魔法综合比试中夺得了第一名。
The Twin Moon School of Magic finally washed away the shame of the previous five exams and won the first place in this magic comprehensive competition.
第二名是临渊魔法学校，第三名是巨人超凡者学校，第四名是海族超凡者综合学校。
The second place is the Linyuan Magic School, the third place is the Giant Transcendent School, and the fourth place is the Sea Clan Transcendent Comprehensive School.
海族很可惜，所有人都能看出来，如果不是环境不利于海族发挥，这场比试的第一名花落谁家还很难说。
It's a pity that the sea tribe can see that if it weren't for the environment that is not conducive to the sea tribe's performance, it is difficult to say who will win the first place in this competition.
王叶跟雷木说悄悄话：“你觉不觉得魔法综合比试应该放在最后一轮？”
Wang Ye whispered to Lei Mu: "Do you think that the magic comprehensive competition should be placed in the last round?" ”
雷木也这么觉得，不过：“也许大赛方有他们的考量吧。”
Remu thinks the same way, but: "Maybe the big game side has their considerations." ”
虫老在后面伸手敲徒弟的脑袋：“以前是这样办过，但后来策划方和各校发现所有学生甚至学校的教授都把魔法综合比试当成全年各校大比武，把魔法综合考试的比赛结果当做是各校的排名结果，这就造成各校之间火药味非常浓厚，甚至在魔法综合比赛中结下仇恨，还有学校甚至种族因此造成对立。策划方和各校商讨后，就把魔法综合比试当成了普通比试，一起放入抽签箱中。”
Worm Lao stretched out his hand behind him and knocked on the apprentice's head: "This was done before, but then the planners and the schools found that all the students and even the professors of the schools regarded the magic comprehensive competition as a big competition among the schools throughout the year, and regarded the results of the magic comprehensive examination as the ranking results of each school, which caused the smell of gunpowder between the schools to be very strong, and even formed hatred in the magic comprehensive competition, and the schools and even races caused antagonism because of this." After discussing with each school, the planner treated the magic comprehensive competition as an ordinary competition and put it in the lottery box together. ”
兰道也道：“自从这样改制后，魔法综合比试虽然还是最受大家关注的，排名也最受争议，但因为‘沦落’到和其他专业比试一样的地位，而不是被放在最后，相当于人为降低了这场比试的重要性，大家的竞争心就没有那么浓厚，也不再为了魔法综合比赛的名次非要搞个你死我活不可。”
Landau also said: "Since this restructuring, although the magic comprehensive competition is still the most concerned by everyone, and the ranking is also the most controversial, but because it has 'fallen' to the same status as other professional competitions, instead of being put last, it is equivalent to artificially reducing the importance of this competition, and everyone's competitive spirit is not so strong, and they no longer have to make a life and death for the ranking of the magic comprehensive competition." ”
王叶和雷木了然，原来还有这样的背景。策划方和各大学校也不容易，既要利用比赛激发学生们奋发向上的精神，又要小心不要造成仇恨和对立，这个度真的太难把握了。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu knew that there was such a background. It is not easy for the planners and the major schools to use the competition to stimulate the students' spirit of striving for progress, but also to be careful not to cause hatred and confrontation, which is really too difficult to grasp.
魔法综合比试结束，大家的亢奋心情还未平息，就由药师公会总会长望城抽取出了下一轮比试内容。
At the end of the magic comprehensive competition, everyone's excitement had not subsided, and Wangcheng, the president of the Pharmacist Guild, drew out the content of the next round of competition.
很巧，药师总会长抽取的恰好就是炼药比试。 Coincidentally, what the pharmacist president drew happened to be the medicine refining competition.
好么，原本就气氛高涨的观众席，在得知下场比试竟然是炼药比试后，竟然轰的一声，跟炸开的油锅一样，沸腾了。
Okay, the audience, which was already in a high atmosphere, was boiled with a bang after learning that the next competition was actually a medicine refining competition.
为啥沸腾？ Why is it boiling?
因为绝大多数人都记得某人可是在大比开始之前就放出话来，说要挑战炼药比试的第一名！
Because most people remember that someone released a word before the big competition began, saying that they wanted to challenge the first place in the alchemy competition!
更不要说这场炼药比试还关系到大名鼎鼎的闻笛教授收徒一事。
Not to mention that this medicine refining competition is also related to the famous Professor Wen Di's acceptance of apprentices.
对了，陨星那个小叶子和双月的学生好像还打赌来着？ By the way, that little leaf of the falling star and the student of the two moons seem to be still betting?
撒奇尔的心情糟糕极了。 Thatcher was in a terrible mood.
因为又有人来叮嘱他让他小心陨星那个小叶子。 Because someone came to tell him to be careful of that little leaf of the meteorite.
小叶子、小叶子，他听这个名字听得都要吐了！ Xiao Yezi, Xiao Yezi, he was about to vomit when he heard this name!
一开始，撒奇尔压根就没把这个叫王小叶的九岁小孩子放在心上，他让手下去找王小叶的麻烦，自己却转头就把这小崽子忘到脑后。
At the beginning, Thatch didn't take this nine-year-old child named Wang Xiaoye to heart at all, he asked his subordinates to find trouble with Wang Xiaoye, but he turned his head and forgot about this little cub.
谁想到从第一场比试开始，这个喜欢男扮女装的小变态就开始崭露头角，显示出了他非凡的才能。
Who would have thought that from the first competition, this little pervert who likes to dress up as a man and a woman began to emerge and show his extraordinary talent.
如果对方只是精通培植也就算了，偏偏对方还逞能的又参加了召唤系的大比，并在里面再次大出风头，获得了比培植比试还要高的评价。
If the other party is only proficient in cultivation, it doesn't matter, but the other party is still capable of participating in the big competition of the summoning system, and once again making a big splash in it, and getting a higher evaluation than the cultivation competition.
九岁，双项双第一，被魔法师公会总会长亲口称其为百年难得一见。
At the age of nine, he was the first in both disciplines, and was called a rare time in a hundred years by the president of the Wizards' Guild.
明明这个小叶子把他们双月参赛生的风头都压了下去，可他们双月的学生提起这个小崽子竟然也都满口称赞，极少有人说他不好的。
Obviously, this little leaf has suppressed the limelight of their bi-monthly contestants, but their bi-monthly students are full of praise when they mention this little cub, and very few people say that he is not good.
撒奇尔从那时开始每次一听到王小叶的名字，就生理性厌恶。
From then on, every time Thatcher heard Wang Xiaoye's name, he became physiologically disgusted.
后来当他听说这个小变态中了根本没有解药的千木之毒，表面上跟人附和说那孩子可惜了，心里面却在大笑。
Later, when he heard that this little pervert had been poisoned by a thousand trees that had no antidote at all, he echoed others on the surface and said that the child was a pity, but he was laughing in his heart.
天才又怎么样，还不是要废掉！ What about genius, it's not to be abolished!
因为听到这件大好事，撒奇尔的心情都好了许多。 Because of hearing this great thing, Thatcher's mood was much better.
但这不代表他想听到这小变态的名字一次又一次地出现在他耳朵中，尤其所有人都反复提醒他让他小心这个超级天才。
But that didn't mean he wanted to hear the name of this little pervert come to his ears again and again, especially since everyone repeatedly reminded him to watch out for this super genius.
所有人都跟他说这个王小叶既然敢夸下海口，说不定真的在魔法药剂学方面有独特的造诣，让他一定要谨慎小心。
Everyone told him that since this Wang Xiaoye dared to boast about Haikou, maybe he really had a unique achievement in magic potions, so he must be cautious.
甚至还有人让他去主动和王小叶交好，取消打赌，化干戈为玉帛。
Some people even asked him to take the initiative to make friends with Wang Xiaoye, cancel the bet, and turn the war into a jade silk.
小心你妈！化干戈你妈！撒奇尔恨不得把脏话喷到那些好心来提醒他的教授和学生脸上。
Watch out for your mother! Mom! Thatchir was eager to spray expletives in the faces of professors and students who were kind enough to remind him.
他是谁？那个王小叶又是什么东西？需要他来小心他？还想让他主动和对方交好？
Who is he? What is that Wang Xiaoye? Need him to be careful of him? Do you want him to take the initiative to befriend the other party?
那个贱民配吗！ Is that pariah worthy!
他的手下最懂他的脸色，安抚他说：“少爷你根本不用担心那个小叶子，那个喜欢穿女装的小变态如果制药方面真的很厉害，他为什么不参加制药大比？还不是因为他没把握。”
His subordinates knew his face best, and reassured him: "Young master, you don't have to worry about that little leaf at all, that little pervert who likes to wear women's clothes, if he is really good at medicine, why doesn't he participate in the pharmaceutical competition?" It's not because he's not sure. ”
“少爷，我打听过了，听说那个王小叶确实懂一点药剂，他似乎拿到了制药三级的资格，还打败过他们学校一年级的制药天才。”
"Young master, I have inquired, I heard that Wang Xiaoye does know a little bit of medicine, he seems to have obtained the qualification of pharmaceutical level 3, and he has also defeated the pharmaceutical genius of the first grade of their school."
“也就三级而已。少爷，他根本没法跟你比。” "It's just level three. Young master, he can't compare with you at all. ”
“就是，学校那些教授太过谨慎，少爷您是什么人，那个王小叶又是什么人，他怎么能和您比？”
"That's it, those professors in the school are too cautious, who are you, young master, and who is that Wang Xiaoye, how can he compare with you?"
撒奇尔在手下连番安抚下，脸色好了许多，挥手道：“行了，不要再说了。一个小毛崽子随便夸海口而已，你们还当真了。他不来挑战就算，如果他来挑战，我就当指点小孩子好了。”
Thatcher's face improved much after being comforted by his subordinates, and he waved his hand: "Okay, don't say it again." A little hairy cub just boasted about Haikou casually, you guys took it seriously. If he doesn't come to challenge, if he does, I'll be a child. ”
手下们又连声称赞撒奇尔大度。 His men praised Thatcher again and again for his generosity.
撒奇尔挥挥手让手下离开，过了好一会儿，像是自语一样说道：“找到了吗？”
Thatcher waved his hand to let his men go, and after a long time, he said as if to himself, "Did you find it?" ”
一道黑影出现在撒奇尔身边，弯腰道：“没有。” A dark shadow appeared beside Thatcher, bent down and said, "No." ”
撒奇尔皱眉，想要骂对方废物，但想到这人是他父亲派到他身边保护他的高手，不是他身边那些可以任他打骂呼喝的狗腿子和奴隶，就硬是把不满的话咽了回去，但他的脸色却带出了一些明显的不满。
Thatcher frowned, wanting to scold the other party, but thinking that this man was the master sent by his father to protect him, not the doglegs and slaves around him who could let him scold and shout, he swallowed back the words of dissatisfaction, but his face brought some obvious dissatisfaction.
“这么说那只傀儡鸟很可能落到了闻笛教授手中？” "So that puppet bird probably fell into the hands of Professor Wendi?"
“极有可能。” "Very likely."
“那他会知道那只傀儡鸟是我们派过去的吗？”撒奇尔心情不好，也有这个原因在。
"Will he know that the puppet bird was sent by us?" Thatcher was in a bad mood, and there was also a reason for this.
黑影：“傀儡鸟毫无自我意识，就算闻笛教授进行灵魂拷问和任何魔法回溯，也无法得知它的来历。”
Black Shadow: "The puppet bird is not self-conscious, and even if Professor Wendi performs soul torture and any magical backtracking, he will not be able to know its origin. ”
撒奇尔略略放心，又忍不住道：“那个王小叶的事，你告诉我父亲了吗？”
Thatchir was a little relieved, and couldn't help but say, "Did you tell my father about that Wang Xiaoye?" ”
“是，我已经把消息传回。公爵回复说，既然对方已经中了千木之毒，就无足为虑，让少爷您专心学业，其他不用多想。”
"Yes, I've sent the message back. The duke replied that since the other party has been poisoned by a thousand trees, there is nothing to worry about, let the young master concentrate on your studies, and don't think about anything else. ”
撒奇尔抿了抿嘴唇，他让黑影把消息传回去，自然是想让某些人知道王小叶的存在，从而对王小叶下手。就是他自己，在看到王小叶那样的天分后，心里也不是不动心，如果王小叶的天分和他的异术能力都给他该有多好？
Thatchir pursed his lips, he asked the black shadow to send the news back, naturally he wanted some people to know about Wang Xiaoye's existence, so as to attack Wang Xiaoye. It's himself, after seeing Wang Xiaoye's talent, he is not unmoved in his heart, how good would it be if Wang Xiaoye's talent and his magic ability were given to him?
黑影似乎看出了撒奇尔的心思，略带警告意味地道：“现在盯着王小叶的人很多。他拿到了双项第一，在异术、驭虫、培植，甚至是魔法阵方面，都展示出了不凡的天赋，他还救了那么多学生，各学校和各大种族对他都有不小的好感，这时候任何人对他下手，都会成为众矢之的。”
The black shadow seemed to see Thatchir's thoughts, and said with a slight warning: "There are many people staring at Wang Xiaoye now. He won the first place in the double event, and he showed extraordinary talent in anomaly, insect control, cultivation, and even magic array, and he also saved so many students, all schools and major races have a lot of good feelings for him, and anyone who attacks him at this time will become the target of public criticism. ”
撒奇尔根本就听不得别人对王小叶的夸赞，脸上当即就露出厌恶之色，脱口就道：“怎么就没有人来吸食他的精神力和生命力，夺取他的天资？就算他中了千木之毒，利用魔法阵转移的话，也不用担心血中之毒吧？”
Thatqir couldn't listen to other people's praise of Wang Xiaoye at all, and his face immediately showed disgust, and blurted out: "Why is there no one to suck his spiritual power and vitality and rob him of his talent?" Even if he is poisoned by a thousand trees, if he uses the magic array to transfer, he doesn't have to worry about the poison in the blood, right? ”
黑影保护撒奇尔日久，自然很清楚对方的真实性格，听了这话，脸色没有半点改变，只淡淡道：“陨星学校把那孩子保护得很严密，进出都有至少两个黑袍人随同。”
The black shadow has protected Sakir for a long time, and naturally knows the true character of the other party very well, and after hearing this, his face did not change at all, and he only said lightly: "The Falling Star School protects that child very closely, and there are at least two black-robed people accompanying him when he goes in and out. ”
撒奇尔眼中再度流露出浓浓的妒恨之色，以他的身份和天资，双月学校也没这么守护他。
Thatcher's eyes once again showed a strong color of jealousy, with his identity and talent, the Bimoon School did not protect him so much.
黑袍人啊！谁不知道各校那些连脸和身形都看不清楚的黑袍人都是各校暗藏的超级大佬，那是连六大公会总会长都不敢轻易得罪的存在。
O man in black robe! Who doesn't know that the black-robed people in each school who can't even see their faces and figures clearly are the super bosses hidden in each school, and that is an existence that even the presidents of the six guilds dare not easily offend.
他们学校也有身穿黑袍的大佬出来看比赛，可那些人完全不是他能接触的层次。
There are also big guys in black robes in their school who come out to watch the game, but those people are not at all the level he can touch.
“我要你跟我父亲要的东西拿回来了吗？”撒奇尔伸手。
"Do I want you to get back what you asked for from my father?" Thatcher stretched out his hand.
黑影掏出一个小袋子放到了撒奇尔手中。 The Shadow pulled out a small bag and placed it in Thatcher's hand.
撒奇尔迫不及待地打开袋子，待看清里面的东西，脸上露出满意笑容，小心把袋子收了起来。
Thatcher couldn't wait to open the bag, and when he saw the contents clearly, he smiled with satisfaction on his face and carefully put the bag away.
有了这个东西，就算王小叶再天才、在制药方面再有天赋，也只会是他的手下败将，弄不好还会出个大丑。
With this thing, no matter how talented Wang Xiaoye is and how talented he is in medicine, he will only be defeated by his subordinates, and he will make a big fool if he doesn't get it right.
下午两点整，炼药比赛准时开始。 At two o'clock in the afternoon, the alchemy competition started on time.
虫老和兰道教授都没问王叶要挑战炼药第一名的事，就好像不知道。
Neither Worm Lao nor Professor Landau asked Wang Ye about challenging the first place in alchemy, as if they didn't know.
王叶反而有点奇怪，他以为两位教授会追问他喊闻笛为师父的事情，他都想好要怎么解释了。可两位教授就是不问，也不知道是不是故意的。
王叶也是个心大的，两位大佬不问，他也就真的不去主动解释。
炼药比赛也挺精彩，延续了第一场培植比试的风格，分为初级比试场和中高级比试场。
都到这时候了，参赛生们自然不会再像第一场比试那么茫然，进去后判断是情景考场，就都四散开去寻找接触当地人，为当地人寻找疫情发生的根源并研究解决疫情的方法和药剂。
王叶重点关注了那个撒奇尔。
也许是知道大家都在看他们吧，撒奇尔在比试中表现得风度翩翩，虽然有着贵族式的冷傲，但也尽量耐着性子去和平民接触，听闻他们的需求，还试图和其他学校的人联手，并主动帮助其他种族的参赛学生。
另外两名双月参赛学生虽然不是以撒奇尔为首，但也都愿意助他一臂主力，在这两名参赛生的帮助下，撒奇尔是最快一批进入中高级考场的参赛者。
“这小子的药剂学得不错，确实有些天分。”王叶在最后两个字上加重语气。
雷木摸了摸王叶的后脑勺，他知道王小叶最想听到什么：“如果他拿到第一，等会儿帮我狠狠教训他。”
王叶嘴角弯起，眼中却无半点笑意：“交给我。”
中高级考场的设置让王叶感到有点眼熟，他正在回忆在哪里看过类似的情景。
一名长相甜美的女孩在两名朋友的陪伴下，走到了他和雷木面前。
王叶还以为又是哪个因为好奇跑来看他的学生，结果那个脸蛋像苹果一样的女孩，脸红红地走到雷木面前，忽然伸出手，手上捧着一个小盒子。
“你、你好，谢谢你救了我。中午我就想去找你，但你们学校的人说你在休息，这是我的一点小小心意，不是什么好东西，就是我做的一点小点心，请务必收下。”
雷木惊讶，看了看女孩，不冷不淡地道：“不用特意来谢我。我也不是特意救你。”
女孩脸蛋更红，“虽然雷木大哥你不是特意救我，但对我来说，你就是救了我。那时如果不是你，我肯定会出丑，也会因为精神力被幽魂吸干，而成为大家的拖累，我更会因为此事留下心理阴影。雷木大哥，我都不知道该怎么感谢你。对了，我叫姬灵，是东泉魔法异术学校炼金学院三年级生，我……”
王叶眯眼：雷木大哥？都不认识，叫这么亲密好吗？这小丫头是什么意思，来撬他墙角吗？
这时，王叶完全不知道自己为什么会生出女孩来撬他墙角的想法。反正，在他眼中所有试图把雷木从他身边夺走的行为，都是撬墙角！
女孩偷瞄雷木的脸色，那红馥馥的小脸蛋上对雷木的憧憬和爱慕，几乎到了明眼人都能看出来的地步。
雷木本来就长得酷帅高大，何况他还救了女孩。
危险中的相遇，还是英雄救美，女孩在雷木对她伸手之际，就对雷木一见钟情。
但她也没有想要和雷木怎么样，就是在朋友的鼓舞下，想要和雷木再见一面，如果能给雷木留下一个好印象，再留下联络方式，那最好。
如果不能，她也只是希望雷木能知道她的朦胧心意，知道有个女孩子喜欢他、崇拜他、感激他、憧憬他。
王叶突然伸手，把女孩手中的盒子拿了过去，还打开看了看、闻了闻，抓起里面的点心就丢进嘴里：“嗯嗯，不错，很好吃，你的谢意，我哥收到了。”
姬灵愣住，没想到会是王小叶把礼物接了过去。
雷木敲了王叶脑袋一下，对女孩歉意又客气地道：“谢谢你的礼物，让你费心了。”
雷木压根就没看出来女孩对他有恋慕之意，他以为女孩是真的单纯就来感谢他的。
姬灵在身后朋友的轻推下，反应过来，连连摆手道：“不费心不费心，如果小叶子喜欢吃，我可以再做。”
女孩鼓起勇气，对雷木道：“雷木大哥，你很棒，非常棒，我、我会再来找你的。”
女孩说完，就拽着朋友羞红脸跑了。
雷木等女孩离开，转头看向王小叶，就见盒子已经空了，不禁好笑：“这点心就这么好吃？你一口气都吃完了？”
王叶嘴里还含着食物，咕咕哝哝，说话不清地道：“我怕有毒，帮你试毒。”
雷木：“……”
虫老忍不住在后面敲徒弟脑袋：“有个屁毒！人家小女孩明明就是来表达爱慕之意的，你这个小捣乱！”
王叶翻白眼，不爽道：“那女孩才多大？小小年纪不好好学习，成天就想着恋爱。早恋伤身又伤心，还耽误学习，我要是她教授，就把她拎回去关禁闭，不学到八级以上就不放她出来！”
第217章 王叶的条件
附近一堆嘲笑声，包括他两位教授。
所有人都认定他恋兄、护食。
王叶觉得他跟这些人说不通，他并不是不允许雷木谈恋爱，也不是想要霸占雷木，只是他认为那个女孩才十六七岁，顶多十七八，还不是能对自己人生负责的年龄。
何况她和雷木就不在一个学校，远距离恋爱基本都没有什么好结果的好吗。
而且她了解雷木吗？知道雷木是魔种吗，知道他很可能还有木系精灵血脉吗？
就算雷木愿意告诉她这一切，她也能接受这样超级酷的雷木，但她承担得起撒家和雷木之间的恩怨和撒家对雷木的特意针对吗？
要是木木真的跟这女孩处出感情，这女孩却不足够强大，最后变成木木的弱点怎么办？
所以要想和雷木谈恋爱可以，不说和他王叶一样强大、能保护木木，但至少要不会拖木木的后腿吧？
他这个要求并不算高吧？ He's not asking too much, is he?
王叶觉得自己就像是真正的老父亲，为了木木用心良苦，哪怕别人都不理解他，哪怕惹得木木也不高兴，他也要为自家好大儿把住这一道关卡。
Wang Ye felt that he was like a real old father, with good intentions for Mu Mu, even if others didn't understand him, even if Mu Mu was not happy, he had to hold this barrier for his own good children.
再说雷木如果按照魔族或者精灵族的年龄计算，那还小呢！
Besides, if Lei Mu is calculated according to the age of the demon or elf clan, it is still young!
小屁孩谈什么恋爱，有那个时间好好学习、专心研究和掌握自己的血脉能力不好吗？
What kind of love does a little kid talk about, isn't it good to have that time to study, concentrate on research, and master your own bloodline ability?
雷木就见王叶自己一个人在那里嘀嘀咕咕，偏偏他又不肯把话说清楚，不免看得好笑。
Lei Mu saw Wang Ye muttering there alone, but he refused to say it clearly, so he couldn't help but look funny.
“我不喜欢那个女孩。”所以我绝对不会因为别人就忽视你。
"I don't like that girl." So I will never ignore you just because of others.
雷木和王叶说起悄悄话，那音量大约只有他们两个能听见，最多就是后面坐着的两位大佬。
Lei Mu and Wang Ye whispered, and the volume was only heard by the two of them, at most the two big guys sitting in the back.
“那你喜欢谁？”王小叶下意识反问。 "And who do you like?" Wang Xiaoye subconsciously asked.
雷木失笑：“如果你说的是男女间的喜欢，没有。” Lei Mu smiled: "If you are talking about the love between men and women, no." ”
“那女孩挺好的，长得也可爱，你为什么不喜欢她？”王叶假惺惺地问。
"That girl is very nice and cute, why don't you like her?" Wang Ye asked suspiciously.
“我不是说她不好，只是没那个感觉，而且也没那个打算。”雷木指指自己的脸，冷静地道：“你知道我的真实模样，我不觉得她如果看到真正的我，还会喜欢。”
"I'm not saying she's bad, it's just that she doesn't feel that way, and she doesn't have that intention." Lei Mu pointed to his face and said calmly: "You know my true appearance, I don't think she would like it if she saw the real me." ”
王叶不高兴雷木这样说自己，“真正的你更帅更好看！要是你用原来的样子出现，被你迷倒的人更多。木木，那女孩有一点没说错，你很棒，你超棒，你是天下最棒的人！”
Wang Ye was not happy that Lei Mu said to himself, "The real you are more handsome and better-looking!" If you appear as you are, more people will be fascinated by you. Mumu, that girl is right, you are great, you are amazing, you are the best person in the world! ”
雷木只当他胡扯，逗他开心。 Remu only treated him as nonsense and made him happy.
王叶很想跟雷木说，就他原来那副恶魔的外表，都有好多地球玩家超级迷恋，这还是雷木有了屠国这个可怕名声后。如果雷木只是脸上和身上有纹身一样的古文字，那根本不是问题，那根本就是一种别样的美！
Wang Ye really wanted to tell Lei Mu that with his original demonic appearance, many earth players were super obsessed, and this was after Lei Mu had the terrible reputation of slaughtering the country. If Lei Mu just has ancient characters like tattoos on his face and body, it is not a problem at all, it is a different kind of beauty at all!
而雷木要是展露出精灵族血脉，那样貌更不得了，超级可爱超级迷人。
And if Lei Mu shows the blood of the elf race, it will look even more amazing, super cute and super charming.
可惜这场合不适合说这么多。 It's a pity that this occasion is not the right place to say so much.
“也就是你会这么看我。”雷木心里暖暖的，揉了揉王叶的脑袋。
"That's how you're going to see me." Lei Mu's heart was warm, and he rubbed Wang Ye's head.
“行了，你们俩就别扯了。一个恋兄，一个舍不得弟弟，你们俩就黏糊在一起，也别祸害其他人了。”虫老在后面放嘲讽。
"Alright, you two don't talk about it. One is a brother, the other is reluctant to be a brother, the two of you will stick together, and don't harm others. The worm sneered in the back.
兰道教授也有点受不了地说道：“雷木啊，我看你在王小叶长大前也别指望和女孩子在一起了，我怀疑你喜欢谁、或者谁喜欢你，都会被这小子破坏掉。这小子就是传说中的恶毒小叔子，专门破坏兄长夫妻感情的刽子手。”
Professor Landau also said a little unbearably: "Lei Mu, I see that you don't expect to be with girls until Wang Xiaoye grows up, I suspect that whoever you like, or who likes you, will be ruined by this kid." This kid is the legendary vicious little brother-in-law, an executioner who specializes in destroying the relationship between his brother and wife. ”
雷木刚想说他不在意，而且也没和谁发展恋情的意思。 Lei Mu just wanted to say that he didn't care, and he didn't mean to develop a relationship with anyone.
就见身边的王小叶昂起头，提高声音振振有词地道：“我这不叫破坏，我这叫提前规避风险。为了避免将来有人拖木木的后腿，影响他的学业和事业、顺带破坏我们兄弟的家庭和乐，想要和木木在一起，可以。但必须通过我的考验。否则谁来都不行！”
I saw Wang Xiaoye beside him raise his head, raise his voice and say eloquently: "I don't call it destruction, I call it avoiding risks in advance." In order to avoid someone dragging Mumu's hind legs in the future, affecting his studies and career, and destroying our brother's family and happiness by the way, if you want to be with Mumu, you can. But it must pass my test. Otherwise, no one will be able to come! ”
“哈！”兰道教授被逗笑，“你还有考验？什么考验？”
"Hah!" Professor Landau was amused, "You still have a test?" What test? ”
王叶竖起三根手指，说道：“我要求不高，想要做我嫂子，最起码要做到以下三点。”
Wang Ye raised three fingers and said, "I don't have high requirements, if I want to be my sister-in-law, I must at least do the following three things." ”
周围师生全都竖起了耳朵，主要是像个幼兽崽子一样护食霸地盘的王小叶太好玩了，大家都想知道他想了什么条件为难未来的嫂子。
The surrounding teachers and students all pricked up their ears, mainly Wang Xiaoye, who was like a young beast cub and protected the territory of the food tyrant, was too funny, and everyone wanted to know what conditions he had in mind to embarrass his future sister-in-law.
“第一，不说要和我一样能掌握多种专业能力，但至少要有一项精通，最起码能达到专业八级资格。这个时间限定就在我成年之前好了。我有信心在我成年前一定至少有一门专业可以达到八级。别这么看我，好吧，我可以把时间再放宽一点，到我二十岁总可以了吧？十一年时间都不能拿到专业八级资格，对方怎么好意思做我嫂子？”
"First, not to mention that you must be able to master a variety of professional abilities like me, but you must be proficient in at least one of them, and at least be able to achieve the professional level 8 qualification. This is just before I reach adulthood. I am confident that I will be able to reach level 8 in at least one major before I become an adult. Don't look at me like that, okay, I can relax a little bit more until I'm twenty, right? I can't get the professional eighth-level qualification in eleven years, how can the other party be embarrassed to be my sister-in-law? ”
众人倒吸一口凉气。 Everyone gasped.
“第二，不说和我一样能在九岁达到我这样的实力，最起码二十岁以前能达到六级吧？”
"Second, not to mention that you can reach my strength at the age of nine like me, at least you can reach level six before the age of twenty, right?"
众人张大嘴巴，二十岁以前成为魔导士？ Everyone opens their mouths wide and becomes a magician before the age of twenty?
“第三，我们兄弟俩可是有一个国家等着继承的，不求对方是公主王子，最起码也要门当户对吧？”
"Third, our brothers have a country waiting to inherit, and if we don't want the other party to be a princess and prince, at least we have to be a good family, right?"
众人：“……” Everyone: "......"
就连陨星的大佬们听到这样的条件，都忍不住嘴角抽搐，更何况普通学生？
Even the bigwigs of the Falling Star couldn't help but twitch the corners of their mouths when they heard such conditions, let alone ordinary students?
三个条件一出，王小叶恶魔小叔子之名就此砸实。 As soon as the three conditions came out, Wang Xiaoye's name as the devil's little uncle was confirmed.
而王小叶此时说出的三个条件，在炼药比试还没结束前，就传遍了各大校队。
And the three conditions that Wang Xiaoye said at this time spread all over the major school teams before the end of the medicine refining competition.
东泉的那名女生姬灵听到这三个条件后，嘴唇颤抖，吐出一句话：“债见，我的初恋。”
After Ji Ling, the girl in Dongquan, heard these three conditions, her lips trembled, and she spit out a sentence: "Debt see, my first love." ”
几个女生嘻嘻哈哈，不过只是一场朦胧的好感，来得快，去得也快。
A few girls giggled, but it was just a hazy good feeling, which came and went quickly.
那种条件……她们要是能在二十岁成为六级的魔导士并拿到任一项八级的专业资格，还有一个国家继承，要什么样的男人没有？非要去热脸贴你的冷屁股？
That kind of condition...... If they can become a sixth-level magician at the age of twenty and obtain any eighth-level professional qualification, and there is a country inheritance, what kind of man does they want? Do you have to go for a hot face and stick your cold ass?
当然，有人对这三个条件瑟瑟发抖，也有人听到这三个条件，反而对这对兄弟产生了更多兴趣。
Of course, some people tremble at these three conditions, and some people hear these three conditions and become more interested in the brothers.
因为只从王小叶列出的这三个条件来看，这对兄弟无疑都是超级优质的婚姻对象，王小叶还小，可以暂时忽略，但雷木那边完全可以留意起来嘛。
Because only judging from the three conditions listed by Wang Xiaoye, the two brothers are undoubtedly super high-quality marriage partners, Wang Xiaoye is still young, so he can ignore it for the time being, but Lei Mu can pay attention to it.
咳，炼药比试很精彩，可惜大多数人都在讨论小叶子那三个征嫂条件，以至于很多人看到一半都走神了，纷纷去讨论小叶子和雷木这对兄弟的真实实力，和猜测他们的来历去了。
cough, the alchemy competition is very exciting, but unfortunately most people are discussing Xiao Yezi's three conditions for recruiting sisters-in-law, so that many people are distracted when they see half of it, and they have discussed the true strength of Xiao Yezi and Lei Mu, the brothers, and guessed their origins.
当宣布炼药比试到此结束的声音响起，王小叶摩拳擦掌，就等着撒奇尔等人从幻境考场中出来。
When the voice announcing the end of the alchemy competition sounded, Wang Xiaoye rubbed his hands and waited for Thatchir and the others to come out of the illusion examination room.
本场比试参赛者终于从考场中一一走出，在宣布名次前，他们需要先回到各校席位。
The contestants finally walked out of the examination room one by one, and they needed to return to their seats before announcing their rankings.
撒奇尔很兴奋也很骄傲，他自觉这次比试结果相当不错，那个中高级考场的题目，他做了不少，其中有不少四级难题。
Thatchir was very excited and proud, he felt that the results of this competition were quite good, and he did a lot of questions in the intermediate and advanced examination rooms, including many fourth-level problems.
等舞台刚刚空出来，药师公会总会长正要宣布这次比试的名次，就听有人大声喊道：“我要挑战炼药比试的第一名！”
As soon as the stage was vacated, the president of the Pharmacists Guild was about to announce the ranking of this competition, when someone shouted: "I want to challenge the first place in the medicine refining competition!" ”
随着喊声响起，一个在场所有人都不陌生的小女孩蹦到了舞台上。
As the shouts rang out, a little girl who was no stranger to everyone present jumped onto the stage.
全场先是一阵嗷嗷嗷狼叫声，随后大量掌声响起。 The audience first burst into a howling wolf, followed by a large amount of applause.
王小叶真的上台挑战了！ Wang Xiaoye really took the stage to challenge!
台下，双月学校的学生内德对王叶大声喊：“你真的要挑战我们的天才药师撒奇尔吗？如果你输了，可是要在大比现场所有人面前大声承认自己是垃圾。”
Offstage, Ned, a student at the Double Moon School, shouted to Wang Ye, "Do you really want to challenge our genius pharmacist Thatcher?" If you lose, admit out loud that you're garbage in front of everyone in the field. ”
王叶呵呵：“你忘了这个条件是针对彼此，谁输谁承认自己是垃圾。另外，为防某些人记忆缺失，我在这里在提醒一下，你们学校当初对我提出的赌斗内容还包括一枚八级魔晶和永不纠缠闻笛教授这两点。”
Wang Ye hehe: "You forgot that this condition is aimed at each other, and whoever loses admits that he is rubbish." In addition, in case some people have memory loss, I am here to remind you that the content of the bet that your school originally proposed to me also included an eighth-level magic crystal and never pestering Professor Wendi. ”
王叶挑眉，挑衅意味十足地道：“你们双月学校不会想在这时候说自己失忆了，不记得和我的赌斗了吧？”
Wang Ye raised his eyebrows and said provocatively: "You Biyue School don't want to say that you have amnesia at this time, don't you remember the gambling fight with me?" ”
“当然不可能！”双月学生纷纷大叫。 "Of course not!" The bi-monthly students shouted.
虽然他们很多人都不赞成部分学生和王小叶的赌斗，但话都说出口了，为了面子，也得坚持下去。
Although many of them disapprove of the gambling between some students and Wang Xiaoye, they have said that they have to stick to it for the sake of face.
王叶点点头：“你们记得就行，大家也都听到了，希望某些人别到时候赖账。”
Wang Ye nodded: "You just remember, everyone has heard it, I hope some people don't pay their debts at that time." ”
撒奇尔脸色极为难看，他知道王叶这话是说给谁听的，也看到其他学生看自己的神情。
Thatchir's face was extremely ugly, he knew who Wang Ye was talking about, and he also saw the other students looking at him.
撒奇尔傲然出声：“我接受你的挑战！只怕到时候赖账的是你。”
Thatchir proudly said: "I accept your challenge!" I'm afraid that you will be the one who will pay the debt at that time. ”
王叶嘲讽：“你是谁啊？你接受我的挑战？我挑战的是炼药比试第一名，大赛方还没宣布名次，你就这么肯定你是第一名？”
Wang Ye mocked: "Who are you?" Do you accept my challenge? I'm challenging for the first place in the alchemy competition, and the competition party hasn't announced the ranking yet, so you're so sure that you're the first place? ”
台下一片吹口哨声，兽人学校和巨人学校的学生笑得最大声、起哄声音也最大，他们根本不怕得罪人。
There was a whistle in the audience, and the students of the Orc School and the Giant School laughed loudest and coaxed the loudest, and they were not afraid of offending people at all.
其他学校的学生也在起哄，反正不是自己学校的笑话。 Students from other schools are also making a fuss, and it's not a joke in their own school anyway.
撒奇尔气死，这个贱民小崽子和那些野蛮人太讨厌了！ Thatchir is angry, this pariah cub and those barbarians are so annoying!
哦，那小崽子说他不是贱民，他和他那个同样不讨喜的兄长似乎还有一个国家继承？
Oh, and that little cub says he's not a pariah, and that he and his equally unpleasant brother seem to have a country to inherit?
哼，等着，等他将来成为了银月帝国的帝王，他第一件事就是去灭了这对兄弟的国家！
Hmph, wait, when he becomes the emperor of the Silver Moon Empire in the future, the first thing he will do is to destroy the country of these two brothers!
一声干咳响起，双月布鲁校长出声：“争吵无意，现在，我宣布本场比试即将进入挑战环节。”
A dry cough sounded, and Principal Shuangyue Blue spoke up: "The quarrel is unintentional, and now, I announce that this competition is about to enter the challenge part." ”
会场安静下来。 The venue fell silent.
望城总会长跟着开口，他没有立刻宣布名次，而是道：“本场炼药比试出现挑战者。请问是否还有其他人要对炼药比试头名进行挑战？请注意，一所学校只能出一人，所有挑战者连同第一名将一起接受挑战，最后胜者将夺取本场炼药比试的第一名，其他人无名次。”
The president of Wangcheng followed and spoke, he did not immediately announce the ranking, but said, "There is a challenger in this medicine refining competition. Is there anyone else who wants to challenge the top spot in the alchemy competition? Please note that only one person can be produced from a school, and all challengers will accept the challenge together with the first place, and the final winner will win the first place in the alchemy competition, and the others will have no rank. ”
全场安静了一小会儿，就在众人认为不会再有第二个挑战者冒出来时，又有人从座位走了出来，跳上舞台。
There was silence for a moment, and just when everyone thought there would be no second challenger, someone stepped out of their seats and jumped onto the stage.
“我，东泉魔法异术学校，炼药学院五年级生乐永熙，想要参加挑战赛。”
"I, Le Yongxi, a fifth-year student at the Dongquan Magic School and the Alchemy Academy, want to participate in the challenge."
众学生哗然。 The students were in an uproar.
东泉的学生最惊讶，谁也没想到这个平时看起来很不起眼的学长会突然跳出来说要参加挑战赛。
The students of Dongquan were the most surprised, no one expected that this usually inconspicuous-looking senior would suddenly jump out and say that he was going to participate in the challenge.
东泉的教授们也皱眉看向这名学生，但也有教授见是乐永熙，脸上就露出了了然的神色。
The professors in Dongquan also frowned and looked at the student, but some professors saw that it was Le Yongxi, and their faces showed a look of understanding.
光幕中的望城总会长点点头，扬声问：“还有谁？我数到十，如果再没有人出来，我将宣布炼药比试的暂定前十名，并安排挑战赛开始。”
The president of Wangcheng in the light curtain nodded, and asked in a loud voice, "Who else?" I'll count to ten, and if no one comes out again, I'll announce the tentative top ten of the alchemy competition and schedule the challenge to begin. ”
众学生你看我、我看你，在望城总会长报完十个数字前，非常出乎众人意料的，又有三名学生跳上舞台。
Students, you look at me, I look at you, before President Wangcheng finished reporting the ten numbers, to everyone's surprise, three more students jumped on the stage.
这三名学生中竟然有两人都是刚才参加完炼药比试的学生，他们都是自认为能力还行，但不满意刚才在比试中成绩的人。
Two of these three students were all students who had just participated in the medicine refining competition, and they were all people who thought they were okay but were not satisfied with the results in the competition just now.
挑战赛不问挑战者身份，只要是在校学生，谁上都可以。
Regardless of the identity of the challenger, anyone can participate in the challenge as long as they are a current student.
当望城总会长数完十个数，最终站在舞台上的一共有五个人。
When the president of Wangcheng counted ten counts, there were five people standing on the stage in the end.
这五个人分别是陨星的小叶子、东泉的乐永熙、双月的巴迪、临渊的简学、西顿的安塞姆。
These five people are Xiao Yezi of Meteorite, Le Yongxi of Dongquan, Buddy of Shuangyue, Jian Xue of Linyuan, and Anselm of Sidon.
除了小叶子，其他四人都出自炼药学院，且都是五年级和六年级的高年级生。
Except for Xiao Yezi, the other four were all from the Academy of Alchemy, and they were all senior students in the fifth and sixth grades.
里面双月的巴迪和临渊的简学都是刚才炼药比试的参赛生。
Buddy, who is two moons in it, and Jian Xue, who is Linyuan, are both students who participated in the medicine refining competition just now.
而东泉的乐永熙和西顿的安塞姆则是因为种种原因没能拿到参赛资格，但自认本身都具有挑战第一名的实力。他们之前并没有打算挑战第一名，主要是不想引起太多注目。但既然陨星的小叶子做了这个出头鸟，这两人也都想试试他们的实力。
Dongquan's Le Yongxi and Sidon's Anselm failed to qualify for the competition for various reasons, but they think they both have the strength to challenge for the first place. They didn't plan to challenge for first place before, mainly because they didn't want to attract too much attention. But since the little leaf of the falling star has made this bird, both of them also want to test their strength.
最主要的是，他们也听说了这场炼药比试关系到闻笛教授收徒一事，而他们两人在各自学校都有自己的不如意，如果能有幸成为闻笛教授的弟子，也能一定程度改善他们的学习和生活环境。
The most important thing is that they also heard that this alchemy competition is related to Professor Wen Di's acceptance of apprentices, and the two of them have their own disappointments in their respective schools, if they are lucky enough to become Professor Wen Di's disciples, they can also improve their learning and living environment to a certain extent.
双月的巴迪也想成为闻笛教授的弟子，虽然那个撒奇尔早就放出话，就好像闻笛教授非他不可，学校学生也认定闻笛教授要收弟子肯定会收撒奇尔，但巴迪很是不服气。
Buddy, who is in the second month, also wants to become a disciple of Professor Wendi, although that Thatcher has already spoken, as if Professor Wendi has to be him, and the students of the school also believe that Professor Wendi will definitely accept Thatcher if he wants to accept disciples, but Buddy is very unconvinced.
偏偏学校又要求他们在比赛中尽量帮助撒奇尔进入中高级考场，巴迪嘴巴上答应，心里其实很是不舒服。他觉得学校太优待那个撒奇尔了。
However, the school asked them to help Thatchir enter the intermediate and advanced examination room as much as possible in the competition, and Buddy agreed, but he was actually very uncomfortable. He felt that the school was too kind to that Thatcher.
如果没有小叶子的挑战，他可能也就不出这个头了，免得被撒奇尔妒恨。但现在他完全可以说，他站出来是为了肥水不流外人田，也可以说是想暗中帮助撒奇尔。但实际上，他在挑战赛中一定会尽情展示自己的实力，抢夺撒奇尔的第一名，让闻笛教授收他为弟子。
If it weren't for Xiao Yezi's challenge, he might not have come out of this, so as not to be hated by Thatcher. But now he can completely say that he stood up to keep the fertilizer and water from flowing into the fields of outsiders, and it can also be said that he wanted to help Thatcher secretly. But in fact, he will definitely show his strength in the challenge, snatch the first place of Thatcher, and let Professor Wendi accept him as a disciple.
临渊的简学有自己的指导教授，也很满意对方，他跳出来只是对自己刚才的成绩很不满意，在中高级考场，他碰到了撒奇尔，他总觉得自己被撒奇尔阴了，可他没有证据，只能借用这场挑战赛重新证明自己的实力不比撒奇尔弱。
Lin Yuan's Jian Xue has his own instructor, and he is also very satisfied with the other party, he jumped out just because he was very dissatisfied with his results just now, in the middle and senior examination room, he met Thatcher, he always felt that he was clouded by Thatcher, but he had no evidence, so he could only use this challenge to prove that his strength was not weaker than Thatcher.
望城总会长见挑战者已定，就宣布了刚才炼药比试的前十名。
Seeing that the challenger had been decided, President Wangcheng announced the top ten in the alchemy competition just now.
不过这次的第一名变成了暂定。 However, this time the first place has become tentative.
撒奇尔见自己好好的头名变成了暂定，还有那么多人挑战他，气得心血翻腾。
Thatcher was furious when he saw that his good name had become tentative, and that there were so many people challenging him.
待连同撒奇尔在内的六名挑战者一起站到舞台上后。 After standing on the stage with the six challengers, including Thatcher.
望城总会长宣布：“挑战者附和挑战规则，大赛方将安排挑战赛，挑战时间为两个小时。另外，我再宣布一个好消息。”
President Wangcheng announced: "The challenger agrees to the challenge rules, and the contest will arrange a challenge with a challenge time of two hours. In addition, I would like to announce one more piece of good news. ”
望城总会长一顿，环视全场道：“药师公会成员八级药师闻笛教授曾委托大赛方，在刚才的炼药比试中同时安排了他对弟子的考验关卡。很可惜，当时所有进入中高级考场的学生，没有任何一人达到进入考验关卡的最基础要求。”
The president of Wangcheng paused, looked around the audience and said, "Professor Wen Di, an eighth-level pharmacist member of the Pharmacist Guild, once entrusted the contest party to arrange his disciple's test level at the same time in the medicine refining competition just now. It is a pity that none of the students who entered the intermediate and advanced examination rooms at that time met the most basic requirements for entering the test level. ”
撒奇尔变色，他以为自己考得不错，结果却连闻笛教授的考验关卡都没接触到？这是何等羞辱？
Thatchir changed color, he thought he did well in the exam, but he didn't even touch Professor Wendi's test level? How humiliating is this?
望城总会长笑了笑：“所以这次挑战赛，大赛方将直接把各位挑战者送入闻笛教授的收徒考验关卡，如果有挑战者能顺利通过各项考验，除了能拿到本次挑战赛的第一名，只要对方有意，闻笛教授愿意收其为亲传弟子。至于闻笛教授有多厉害，就不用我特别介绍了吧？”
President Wangcheng smiled: "So in this challenge, the contestant will directly send all challengers to Professor Wendi's apprenticeship test level, if there are challengers who can successfully pass the tests, in addition to winning the first place in this challenge, as long as the other party is interested, Professor Wen Di is willing to accept them as his own disciples." As for how powerful Professor Wen Di is, I don't need to introduce it specifically, right? ”
会场响起笑声，更响起热烈掌声。 The venue burst into laughter and applause.
掌声刚停，望城总会长正要让六个人进入挑战赛场。 As soon as the applause stopped, President Wangcheng was about to let six people enter the challenge arena.
王小叶举手，高声道：“我有话说！” Wang Xiaoye raised his hand and said loudly: "I have something to say!" ”
所有人都望向这个小不点。 Everyone looked at this little one.
望城总会长对小孩子还算有耐心，加上小叶子已经引起他们这些大佬注意，见是这个小家伙举手，他也愿意听一听对方想说什么。
President Wangcheng is quite patient with children, and Xiao Yezi has already attracted the attention of these big guys, seeing that this little guy raised his hand, he is also willing to listen to what the other party wants to say.
“你想说什么？希望能跟挑战赛有关，不要说其他无关的话。”望城总会长带着点严肃说道。
"What do you want to say? I hope it has something to do with the challenge and don't say anything else that is not related. President Wangcheng said with a little seriousness.
王叶半点不怂这位大佬的脸色，直彪彪地道：“我承认我很想成为闻笛教授的弟子，但我是陨星的学生，不可能为了拜一位好师父就跳到双月，所以我能不能跟闻笛教授提出一个特殊要求，如果我能成为本次挑战赛的第一，我希望闻笛教授不但要收我为弟子，还要转到我们陨星来。”
Wang Ye didn't bother the big guy's face at all, and said straightforwardly: "I admit that I really want to become Professor Wendi's disciple, but I am a student of the Meteorite, and it is impossible for me to jump to the double moon in order to worship a good master, so can I make a special request to Professor Wendi, if I can become the first in this challenge, I hope that Professor Wendi will not only accept me as a disciple, but also transfer to our Meteorite." ”
全场一阵愕然，随后炸开。 The audience was stunned for a while, and then exploded.
第218章 转校条件 Chapter 218 Transfer Conditions
这个小叶子胆子也太大了吧？ This little leaf is too bold, right?
说嚣张不至于，就是贼儿胆大，什么要求都敢说出口。 To say that arrogance is not enough, that is, the thief is bold and dares to say anything he asks.
他也不怕闻笛教授直接回一句：想要做我弟子的人必须到双月来。
He was not afraid of Professor Wen Di replying directly: Those who want to be my disciples must come to Biyue.
到时看这小孩怎么下台。 Then it will be interesting to see how this kid gets off the stage.
双月从布鲁校长开始的各位大佬，外加众多学生们，都觉得啼笑皆非，说生气倒不至于。
The bigwigs who started with Principal Blue in the second month, plus many students, all felt that it was ridiculous, and it was not enough to be angry.
毕竟人家是请愿、是希望，而且小孩一心向着自己学校，比起拜名师，却更希望把名师勾搭到自己家（学校）来，怎么看都是一个品德优秀立场坚定值得表扬的好孩子。
After all, people are petitioning and hope, and the child is dedicated to his own school, but he hopes to hook up the famous teacher to his own home (school) rather than worship a famous teacher.
没见陨星那帮人在震惊过后有多高兴吗，他们的副校长大人脸上都要笑出花来，几个大佬更是露出“这个要求提得好”的老怀大慰表情。
Didn't you see how happy the Meteorite gang was after the shock, their vice principals had a smile on their faces, and several bigwigs even showed expressions of relief that "this request is well made".
再说，小叶子才九岁，正是最天真、最单纯、也没什么顾忌的时候。你跟人家小孩说，你这个要求有点过分，人小孩说不定还会用茫然脸看你。
Besides, Xiao Yezi is only nine years old, and it is the most innocent, simple, and unscrupulous time. You tell other children that your request is a bit excessive, and people and children may look at you with blank faces.
不过这要求也只能让小孩来说，还得是小叶子这样大家都认可的天才才能开这样的口。
However, this requirement can only be said by children, and it has to be a genius recognized by everyone like Xiao Yezi to open such a mouth.
试想，如果是个二十岁往上的成年人说出这种要求，别人只会觉得他不是想要挑起双月和陨星的矛盾，就是在故意为难闻笛教授。
Just imagine, if an adult in his twenties or older said this kind of request, others would only think that he was either trying to provoke the conflict between the two moons and the falling star, or he was deliberately trying to make it difficult for Professor Wendi.
望城总会长一时都不知道该怎么回答，只好看向当事人。
President Wangcheng didn't know how to answer for a while, so he had to look at the person concerned.
好多人同时看向了闻笛教授。 Many people looked at Professor Wendi at the same time.
闻笛哪怕心里已经有所准备，还是暗骂了一声臭小子。 Even though Wen Di was already prepared in his heart, he still secretly scolded the stinky boy.
闻笛教授的坐姿很放松，甚至有点懒散，但当他撩起眼皮看向你时，那犀利如刀锋一般的气质便显露无疑。
Professor Wen Di's sitting posture is relaxed, even a little lazy, but when he lifts his eyelids and looks at you, his sharp temperament is unmistakable.
了解这位的人都知道这位可不是什么好脾性的人，不了解闻笛的人看到他那能伤人的眼神，也会暗叫这人不好惹。
Anyone who knows this person knows that this person is not a good-tempered person, and those who don't know Wen Di will secretly call this person not easy to mess with when they see his hurtful eyes.
尤其闻笛教授这时的心情并不算太美好。 Especially Professor Wen Di's mood at this time was not too good.
闻笛并不想让小叶子这么出风头，他原本的打算，是让小叶子打败撒奇尔，他名正言顺地推拒撒奇尔的拜师要求，再以此为理由和双月辞职，之后再去陨星找王叶。
Wendi didn't want Xiao Yezi to be so showy, his original plan was to let Xiao Yezi defeat Thatcher, he justifiably rejected Thatchir's apprenticeship request, and then used this as a reason to resign with Shuangyue, and then went to the meteorite to find Wang Ye.
这在他看来是最安全的一条路。 This is the safest path for him.
可小叶子显然是想让他更加名正言顺、更不会有半点污名的离开双月。
But Xiao Yezi obviously wanted him to leave Shuangyue more justifiably, and there would be no stigma.
他能理解王小叶对他的维护之心，可感动之余，又有点手痒。这小孩也不知是不是比别人都多活一世的缘故，有时看他的目光都跟看孩子似的“慈祥”，更恨不得大包大揽，直接把他包养起来才好。
He could understand Wang Xiaoye's heart for his protection, but while he was moved, he was a little itchy. I don't know if this child has lived longer than others, and sometimes he looks at him as "kind" as a child, and he can't wait to take care of it and raise him directly.
闻笛师父一不爽，坏心顿起，他忽然想看看小叶子到底能做到（已经学到）什么程度。
Master Wendi was upset, and his bad heart suddenly rose, and he suddenly wanted to see how far Xiao Yezi could (and had learned).
闻笛没怎么提高声音，但会场所有人都听到了他的说话声。
Wen Di didn't raise his voice much, but everyone in the room heard him.
就听这位冷冷淡淡毫无温度地说道：“小鬼，想要跟我提要求，想让我为你离开双月前往其他地方，你觉得你配得起吗？”
I heard this cold and indifferent said: "Little ghost, you want to make a request to me, want me to leave the two moons for you and go to other places, do you think you are worthy?" ”
虫老：呵！竟然瞧不起我虫老魔的弟子？行啊，现在你看不上，两个小时后就让你高攀不起，你别后悔就行。
Worm Boss: Heh! He even looks down on my disciple of the old demon of worms? Okay, you can't look at it now, you won't be able to climb it in two hours, just don't regret it.
兰道教授眯起眼睛。他原先对这个闻笛印象还不错，现在嘛，再说吧。
Professor Landau narrowed his eyes. He used to have a good impression of this flute, but now, let's talk about it.
双月学校，以撒奇尔为首的学生顿时纷纷激动喊叫：“就是，你也不看看你几斤几两重，你配得起跟我们闻笛教授提这样的要求吗？”
In the Bimoon School, the students led by Thatcher suddenly shouted excitedly: "That's it, you don't look at how many pounds and taels you weigh, are you worthy of making such a request to our Professor Wendi?" ”
更多双月学生却在喊：“小叶子，你来我们学校嘛，我们双月很好哒~”
More bilunar students are shouting: "Xiao Yezi, you come to our school, we are very good bimonthly~"
“就是啊，小叶子你来我们学校，我们学校的炼药学院可强大了，说不定能解决你的千木之毒。”
"That's right, Xiao Yezi, you come to our school, our school's Alchemy Academy is powerful, maybe it can solve your Thousand Trees Poison."
撒奇尔听到千木之毒这个词，立刻对手下使眼色。 When Thatchir heard the word Thousand Wood Poison, he immediately winked at his subordinates.
也亏得他手下眼神好，距离舞台那么远都能看清他的意思，当即又叫喊：“小叶子，我看你想拜我们闻笛教授为师的目的根本不纯，你就是想要让闻笛教授给你解决千木之毒！”
Thanks to the good eyes of his subordinates, he could see his meaning so far away from the stage, and immediately shouted: "Xiao Yezi, I see that your purpose of worshipping our Professor Wendi as a teacher is not pure at all, you just want Professor Wendi to solve the poison of a thousand trees for you!" ”
没等王叶反驳，闻笛的声音就再次响起：“我无法解决千木之毒。那就是无解之毒，传闻那种毒也是当年疯药王余生不定为考验自己的弟子所特别炼制，想要解决这种毒，除非得到那位疯药王的全部传承。”
Without waiting for Wang Ye to refute, Wen Di's voice sounded again: "I can't solve the poison of a thousand trees." That is the poison without a solution, and it is rumored that that poison was also specially refined by the mad medicine king for the rest of his life to test his disciples, and if he wants to solve this poison, unless he gets the entire inheritance of the mad medicine king. ”
王叶暗中给闻笛师父鼓掌。该说果然不愧是他的闻笛师父吗，竟然连这样的隐秘消息都了解。不过他闻笛师父对疯药王很是推崇，对他的事迹有所了解也不奇怪。
Wang Ye secretly applauded Master Wendi. Should it be said that he really deserves to be his Wendi master, and he even knows such secret information. However, he heard that Master Di admired the Mad Medicine King very much, and it was not surprising that he knew something about his deeds.
而且想想闻笛师父的祖父是谁，那可是知识之城的二长老，那位二长老原本就和疯药王交好，就是闻笛师父的父亲闻四季都和疯药王见过面，说不定就知道不少疯药王的私事。
And think about who Master Wendi's grandfather is, that is the second elder of the City of Knowledge, that second elder was originally friendly with the Mad Medicine King, that is, Master Wendi's father Wen Siji has met with the Mad Medicine King, maybe he knows a lot of private affairs of the Mad Medicine King.
疯药王在虫巢空间中很是自得地笑起来，还说道：“看来这个闻笛教授对我很了解嘛。”
The Mad Medicine King laughed very smugly in the hive space, and said, "It seems that this Professor Wendi knows me very well." ”
疯药王这时多少也猜到王叶口中经常提到的师父大概就是这位闻笛教授，只是他有点搞不清楚这对师徒在干什么，明明很熟悉，还偷偷见过面，小叶子还做了很多好吃的魔食送给闻笛，师徒两个看着感情就很好的样子，对外却装作不认识一样。
At this time, the mad medicine king also guessed that the master often mentioned in Wang Ye's mouth was probably this Professor Wendi, but he didn't know what the master and apprentice were doing, they were obviously very familiar, and they had met secretly, Xiao Yezi also made a lot of delicious magic food for Wendi, and the master and apprentice looked very good at each other, but they pretended not to know each other.
难道就是因为闻笛在双月，小叶子却跑到了陨星？ Could it be because Wen Di is in the double moon, but Xiao Yezi ran to the meteorite?
所以小叶子为什么放弃双月跑到陨星？ So why did Xiaoyezi give up the double moon and run to the meteorite?
疯药王越想越想不通，只觉得这对师徒古怪至极。 The more the Mad Medicine King thought about it, the more he couldn't figure it out, and he only felt that this pair of master and apprentice was extremely strange.
靳蜘蛛：“那是因为我们缺少关键一段，就是那天闻笛来找他，小家伙却把空间封闭那天。在那之前，闻笛明显不认识王小叶。”
Jin Spider: "That's because we lack a key section, that is, the day when Wen Di came to him that day, but the little guy closed the space." Before that, Wen Di obviously didn't know Wang Xiaoye. ”
疯药王拍掌：“对哦！我就说那两人很古怪。小叶子对闻笛特别熟悉，那扎实的医学和药学功底，也绝不是自己看书就能看出来的，更不要说很多炼药小技巧，有师父教的人和自学的野路子那一看就能看出区别。可闻笛初见小叶子却跟看陌生人一样，却又认识雷木。这三人的关系太古怪了。”
The Mad Medicine King clapped his hands: "That's right! I'll just say those two are weird. Xiao Yezi is very familiar with Wen Di, and his solid medical and pharmaceutical skills are by no means something that can be seen by reading books by himself, not to mention a lot of small techniques for refining medicine. But when I first saw Xiao Yezi, I saw it like a stranger, but I knew Lei Mu. The relationship between these three is too weird. ”
靳蜘蛛：“王小叶身上处处透着古怪。” Jin Spider: "Wang Xiaoye is full of weirdness. ”
疯药王眼睛斜睨过去。 The Mad Medicine King's eyes narrowed.
靳蜘蛛立刻道：“我没任何恶意，你别忘了，我和王叶早就签订了保密契约。”
Jin Spider immediately said: "I don't have any malicious intent, don't forget, Wang Ye and I have already signed a confidentiality contract." ”
疯药王举起两根手指，指了指自己的眼睛，又指了指靳蜘蛛，那意思明摆着：老友，我会盯着你。
The Mad Medicine King raised two fingers, pointed to his eyes, and then pointed at Jin Spider, which clearly meant: Old friend, I will stare at you.
靳蜘蛛：“……”你这时就不吃味了？ Jin Spider: "......" You don't eat it at this time?
想了想，靳蜘蛛憋出一句：“我也是他师父，炼金的师父。”意思是他也很重视小叶子，不会害他。
After thinking about it, Jin Spider held back a sentence: "I am also his master, the master of alchemy." It means that he also attaches great importance to Xiao Yezi and will not harm him.
疯药王哼唧一声，放过了靳蜘蛛。他和靳蜘蛛本质上都能算得上是王小叶的师父，只是没有得到名义上的承认，想想同是天涯沦落人，就不师父为难师父了。
The Mad Medicine King snorted and let go of Spider Jin. He and Jin Spider can essentially be regarded as Wang Xiaoye's masters, but they have not been recognized in name, thinking that they are both fallen people at the end of the world, they will not embarrass the master.
会场中，闻笛说了那段话，之前叫嚣王叶是想找闻笛解毒的双月学生哑巴了。
In the venue, Wen Di said that sentence, and the bilunar student who shouted that Wang Ye wanted to find Wen Di to detoxify was dumb.
站在舞台上的王叶也把话题扯回原处，就跟个真·单纯九岁孩子一样，扬声问道：“闻笛教授，那您觉得我要怎样才能配得起对您提转校的要求？”
Wang Ye, who was standing on the stage, also pulled the topic back to the original place, just like a real and simple nine-year-old child, and asked in a loud voice: "Professor Wendi, how do you think I can be worthy of the request to you to transfer schools?" ”
虫老好气：这小子怎么就非闻笛那家伙不可了？ The old worm is angry: Why does this kid have to listen to that guy?
兰道不说话，他忽然发现雷木的侧脸似乎让他有种说不出的熟悉感。而雷木因为面向台上的小叶子，坐姿微侧，恰好把右耳这一边完全暴露在他眼中。
Landau didn't speak, and he suddenly noticed that Remu's side face seemed to give him an indescribable sense of familiarity. And Lei Mu sat slightly sideways because he was facing the small leaves on the stage, which happened to completely expose the side of his right ear to his eyes.
兰道清楚看到雷木的右耳朵后面，靠近发根处有一颗红色的痣。
Landau could clearly see a red mole behind Raimog's right ear, near the root of his hair.
这颗痣的位置让兰道心神剧震。 The location of the mole shook Landau's heart.
那个人耳朵后、发根处，同样的位置，也有一颗同样的红色的痣。
The man had the same red mole behind his ear, at the base of his hair, in the same place.
这是巧合？ Is this a coincidence?
毕竟红痣也算常见，耳后根有痣也很常见。 After all, red moles are also common, and moles at the root of the back of the ears are also common.
可为什么他越看雷木的侧脸越熟悉？ But why did he become more familiar with Lei Mu's side face the more he looked at it?
不！他一定想太多了。 No! He must have been thinking too much.
雷木忽然回头，他感到背后有人似乎在一直盯着他看。 Reimu suddenly turned around, and he felt that someone behind him seemed to be staring at him all the time.
兰道在雷木回头之际，下意识对他笑了下。 Landau subconsciously smiled at Lei Mu when he turned around.
但兰道忘了他穿戴了黑袍兜帽衣，雷木根本看不到他的笑脸。
But Landau forgot that he was wearing a black hoodie, and Remu couldn't see his smiling face at all.
但雷木能感觉得出来兰道正在看他，就对他点点头，他对兰道有种说不出道不明的奇怪感觉，在两人如此接近后，就更是明显。
But Reimu could feel that Landau was looking at him, so he nodded at him, and he had a strange feeling that Landau couldn't explain, even more so after the two of them were so close.
不过雷木是个很谨慎的人，就算他心中有所怀疑，也什么都没问没说。
However, Reimu was a very cautious person, and even if he had doubts in his heart, he didn't ask or say anything.
雷木转回头之际。 Reimu turned his head.
闻笛像是认定王小叶做不到一样，半开玩笑似地说道：“想做我弟子，就在挑战赛中拿到第一。想让我为你转校，那么你不仅要做到第一，你还要能全通我设下的所有考验关卡。”
Wen Di seemed to think that Wang Xiaoye couldn't do it, and said half-jokingly: "If you want to be my disciple, you will get the first place in the challenge." If you want me to transfer schools for you, then you must not only be the first, but you must also be able to pass all the tests I have set. ”
王叶正要一口答应。
闻笛抬手：“你最好还是听听我的所有考验关卡包括什么。台上那几位挑战者也都给我听好。”
王叶恭恭敬敬地道：“您请说。”
台上其他五名学生不管想不想拜闻笛为师，也都摆出洗耳恭听的架势。
闻笛：“众所周知，本人不仅擅长炼药，我还擅长医学，所以我的考验关卡中不仅包含炼药知识，也包含医疗知识。进入考验关卡的所有挑战者，如果遇到相关考题，不可以使用治疗术，必须使用医学和药学手段来解决问题。此是其一。”
包括撒奇尔在内的几个学生都暗道一声坏了，他们炼药学得还行，但医学方面就真的是七窍通了六窍，实际一窍不通。
闻笛竖起第二根手指：“其二，我考验弟子并不在乎他的底子有多好，因为我可以收进来重新调教。我在乎的是，他能否接受我的思想和全盘消化我传授给他的知识。换言之，想做我闻笛的弟子，不但得有个好脑子，你还得有医学、药学方面的绝佳天赋，更要有强大的精神力，还有能让我认可的心性。在考验关卡中，这些都会考到，并且占了比较大的比重。”
Wen Di raised a second finger: "Second, I don't care how good his foundation is when I test my disciple, because I can take it in and re-train." What I care about is whether he can accept my thoughts and digest all the knowledge I have taught him. In other words, if you want to be my disciple of Wendi, you must not only have a good brain, but also have excellent talents in medicine and pharmacy, and you must also have strong mental strength and a heart that can be recognized by me. In the test level, these will be tested, and they account for a relatively large proportion. ”
“还有第三，”闻笛教授竖起最后一根手指：“可能你们不太清楚，距离现今一百二十年前，那个同样百年难遇、获得双项双第一的参赛学生就是我。”
"And the third," Professor Wen Di held up his last finger, "Maybe you don't know very well, one hundred and twenty years ago, the student who also won the first place in a double event was me." ”
“嚯——！”学生们，包括不少学校教职工，还有其他观众都不禁发出惊讶的感叹声。
没想到，闻笛就是另一个百年难遇的天才。不过他的双项是哪两个双项？一个是炼药，还有一个是什么？
“魔法阵。”闻笛教授看向舞台几个学生的目光满是挑剔，他很不客气地道：“想做我的弟子，除了医学、药学方面，当然也得在魔法阵方面有一定天赋。所以想要让我转校，你不但得通关我的所有考验，同时还得做出十道关于魔法阵的考题。”
众学生再度哗然。
不少学生面面相觑：这三个条件何止是难，根本就是做不到吧。
双月的师生也放心了，他们也觉得就是天才如小叶子也不可能达成这三个条件，除非闻笛教授放水。但挑战赛就在大家的眼皮子底下，闻笛教授就算想要放水也不可能。
The teachers and students of Shuangyue were also relieved, and they also felt that even a genius like Xiaoye could not meet these three conditions, unless Professor Wendi released water. But the challenge is right under everyone's noses, and even if Professor Wendi wants to release water, it's impossible.
撒奇尔脸色也很难看，布鲁校长给他的那份卷轴上可没有魔法阵相关知识。
Thatcher's face was also ugly, and the scroll that Principal Blue gave him did not have any knowledge about magic arrays.
不过他转而一想，他又不想让闻笛教授转校，闻笛教授会提出这样难以达到的三个条件，应该只是想要为难那个陨星小叶子。
However, he thought about it again, and he didn't want Professor Wen Di to change schools, Professor Wen Di would put forward such three conditions that were difficult to achieve, and he should just want to embarrass that meteorite Xiaoye.
撒奇尔想通这点，脸色又好了起来，他还用同情和满是嘲讽的目光看向王小叶。
Thatchir figured this out, his face became better again, and he looked at Wang Xiaoye with sympathy and mockery.
闻笛可能也觉得自己出的条件太难，特意又补充一句：“也不用非要把十道魔法阵考题都做出来，只要你思路对了，或者让我看出你在魔法阵方面有不错的天赋，也可以算你通过。”
Wen Di may also feel that his conditions are too difficult, so he specially added: "You don't have to make all the ten magic array exam questions, as long as you have the right idea, or let me see that you have a good talent in the magic array, you can also be considered to have passed." ”
王叶忽然再次举手。 Wang Ye suddenly raised his hand again.
望城总会长在一边听得津津有味，这时见小叶子再度举手，好笑之余，就慢悠悠地问道：“你还有什么问题？”
President Wangcheng listened with relish on the side, and when he saw Xiao Yezi raise his hand again, he was amused, so he asked slowly, "What other questions do you have?" ”
王叶：“我就想问，如果有两个以上的人同时达到闻笛教授的要求，但其中一人希望闻笛教授留在双月，其他人希望闻笛教授去往他们的学校，那最后要怎么办？”
Wang Ye: "I just want to ask, if there are more than two people who meet Professor Wendi's requirements at the same time, but one of them wants Professor Wendi to stay in Biyue, and the others want Professor Wendi to go to their school, what will happen in the end?" ”
望城总会长很想说，这种情况就不可能，但做人不能太铁口，所以他还是看向闻笛，让闻笛来解决这个几率极低的可能性。
President Wangcheng wanted to say that this situation was impossible, but he couldn't be too iron-mouthed, so he still looked at Wendi and asked Wendi to solve this extremely low probability possibility.
闻笛笑：“那就提高考试难度，直到决出最后一人。” Wen Di smiled: "Then increase the difficulty of the exam until the last person is decided." ”
王叶用力击掌：“行！那我们就这么说定了。在座诸位大佬和众位观众都是我们的证人。闻笛教授，您可要说话算数哦。”
Wang Ye clapped his hands vigorously: "Okay!" Then we'll settle it. All of you and all of you in the audience are our witnesses. Professor Wendi, you have to talk and count. ”
闻笛淡然道：“只要有人真的能做到我提出的几个条件，我自然也会遵守承诺。”
Wen Di said indifferently: "As long as someone can really meet the few conditions I proposed, I will naturally abide by my promise." ”
“双月学校不会在最后跳出来阻拦您吧？说这是您个人和挑战者的约定，但您去留却仍旧需要双月同意什么的。”王叶鬼机灵地道。
"Bimonthly School isn't going to jump out and stop you at the end, is it? Say that this is a personal agreement between you and the challenger, but you still need to agree to it every two months to stay. "Wang Ye is clever and authentic.
会场响起一片笑声。 The venue burst into laughter.
虫老忽然低声道：“他们一定早就认识。” The insect elder suddenly whispered, "They must have known each other for a long time. ”
兰道勉强收回自己不断扫向雷木的目光，道：“这不是明摆着的吗。”
Lan Dao reluctantly withdrew his gaze that kept sweeping towards Lei Mu, and said, "Isn't this obvious. ”
虫老：“那小子似乎想把闻笛从双月捞出来。奇怪……”
Worm Lao: "That kid seems to want to fish Wendi out of Shuangyue." Strange ......"
兰道心神收回：“奇怪什么？” Landau retracted: "What's strange? ”
虫老摸摸下巴：“闻笛也想走。可他们为什么搞这么复杂？就为了让闻笛转校时的名声更好听一点？”
The worm touched his chin: "I want to leave when I hear the flute." But why are they so complicated? Just to make Wendi's reputation a little better when he changed schools? ”
“也许跟那个撒奇尔有关。”兰道淡淡道。他提起撒家人，语气就会自然变得冰冷。
"Maybe it has something to do with that Thatcher." Landau said lightly. When he mentioned the Saga family, his tone would naturally become cold.
虫老像是想到什么，眼中闪过一丝了然，嗤笑：“这个双月的校长也是位子坐太久了，脑子都被权力欲给腐蚀了，我看他不止是想当校长，他这是想建国了。可闻笛那种人，大概最讨厌的就是这种事，更讨厌被人当争权夺利的工具利用。”
The worm elder seemed to think of something, a trace of understanding flashed in his eyes, and he sneered: "The principal of this bi-moon has also been sitting in the seat for too long, and his brain has been corrupted by the desire for power, I think he not only wants to be the principal, he wants to build a country." But the kind of person who can hear the flute probably hates this kind of thing the most, and hates being used as a tool for power and profit. ”
兰道：“那就怪不得闻笛想走。但他又何必把条件定得这么高？”
Lan Dao: "Then it's no wonder that Wen Di wants to leave." But why did he set the conditions so high? ”
虫老推测：“也许是他笃定那小子能做到？” The old worm speculated: "Maybe he is sure that kid can do it?" ”
说完，老头就恨恨道：“看来那小子还有大把的潜力可以挖，以前我还是对他太手软了！”
After speaking, the old man said hatefully: "It seems that that kid still has a lot of potential to tap, and I was still too soft on him before!" ”
兰道随口附和，目光再次忍不住地落到雷木身上。 Landau echoed casually, and his gaze couldn't help but fall on Lei Mu again.
有大佬起哄，对双月的布鲁校长喊话：“布鲁校长，给个准确的话，免得让人小朋友以为你们双月说话不算数。”
A big guy coaxed and shouted to Principal Blue of Shuangyue: "Principal Blue, give me an accurate word, so as not to make people think that your words don't count." ”
布鲁校长一点都不想让闻笛离开双月，哪怕他觉得闻笛提出来的条件，不会有学生能完成，他还是不想参与其中，就是为了之后如果真的有不可能的事发生，他还有转圜的余地。
Principal Blue didn't want Wen Di to leave Biyue at all, even if he felt that Wen Di's conditions would not be fulfilled by students, he still didn't want to participate in it, just because if something really impossible happened in the future, he still had room to turn around.
可陨星也好，其他看热闹的学校也好，显然不想给他躲避的机会，非要他给出一个明确说法。
But whether it was Meteorite, or other schools that watched the excitement, they obviously didn't want to give him a chance to dodge, so they had to give him a clear explanation.
布鲁校长能说他不同意吗？ Can Principal Blue say he disagrees?
再说，他同不同意其实并不重要，闻笛教授和学校是自由的雇佣关系，学校可以随时请闻笛教授走人，闻笛教授也能随时离开。
Besides, it doesn't matter if he agrees or not, Professor Wen Di and the school are free to work together, and the school can ask Professor Wen Di to leave at any time, and Professor Wen Di can leave at any time.
现在闻笛提出那几个转校条件，也不过只是为了让双月面子更好看，否则他想转校，随时都能走。
Now Wen Di proposed those conditions for transferring schools, just to make Shuangyue's face look better, otherwise he can leave at any time if he wants to change schools.
双月不是不想和闻笛签订终生教授聘用契约，但闻笛不愿意啊。其实超凡者界，很多大佬都不喜欢签终生约，他们大多数人还是向往自由的，愿意留在学校的，也只是把学校当做一个比较安稳的落脚地和研究院。
It's not that Shuangyue doesn't want to sign a tenured professor employment contract with Wen Di, but Wen Di is unwilling. In fact, in the transcendent world, many bigwigs don't like to sign a lifetime contract, most of them still yearn for freedom, and those who are willing to stay in school just regard the school as a relatively stable place to settle down and research institutes.
布鲁校长在一片起哄声中，不得不开口道：“我们尊重学校每一位教授的个人意愿，如果真有学生能达到闻笛教授提出的那些条件，我们学校也不会让闻笛教授违背诺言。不过在此请让我诚挚地说一句，我校欢迎各位天才学生入学，我们愿意给出你原本学校更好得多的待遇，只要你值得，只要你有这个意思，万事都可以商谈。”
In the midst of the uproar, Principal Blue had to speak: "We respect the personal wishes of every professor in the school, and if there are really students who can meet the conditions proposed by Professor Wen Di, our school will not let Professor Wen Di break his promise." But let me say sincerely, our school welcomes all gifted students to enroll, and we are willing to give you a much better treatment from your original school, as long as you are worthy, as long as you have this meaning, everything can be discussed. ”
卧槽！不少学校在这时差点骂出口。 it! Many schools almost scolded at this time.
双月的校长真是太卑鄙了，竟然这时候还想勾搭他们学校的天才学生。
The principal of the two moons is so despicable that he even wants to hook up with the genius students of their school at this time.
陨星最生气，这双月的校长简直不要脸了，这不是明摆着在勾搭他们小叶子吗？
Meteorite is the most angry, the principal of this two moons is simply shameless, isn't this obviously hooking up with their little leaves?
还好他们的小叶子立场坚定，对双月校长提出的条件半点没有动心，反而冲着闻笛教授笑嘻嘻地说：“啊，太好了。闻笛师父，您就等着跟我回陨星吧~”
Fortunately, their little leaves stood firm, and they were not moved by the conditions proposed by Principal Shuangyue, but smiled at Professor Wendi and said, "Ah, great." Master Wendi, just wait to come back to the meteorite with me~"
闻笛冷冷扔出一句：“别耍嘴皮子，先看你能不能做到吧。”
Wen Di coldly threw out a sentence: "Don't play tricks, let's see if you can do it first." ”
“小叶子，加把劲！就看你的了！”陨星的学生喊。 "Little leaf, work hard! It's up to you! The student of the falling star shouted.
王叶非常有大将之风地挥挥手。 Wang Ye waved his hand very generally.
其他五人，包括撒奇尔在内，都目光复杂地看向这个年龄最小的家伙。
The other five, including Thatcher, all looked at the youngest with complicated eyes.
原本这场挑战赛他们只要打败彼此，决出第一就可以。 Originally, in this challenge, they only had to defeat each other and decide the first place.
可这位硬生生给自己提高了不知多少倍的难度，而且这小孩就这么提前夸下海口，如果他不能完成那些条件，恐怕他拿下第一都不好意思跟闻笛教授拜师。
望城总会长也深深看了眼王叶，转而面向观众席说道：“条件已定，那么我宣布挑战赛即将开始！所有挑战者请转身进入传送门。”
President Wangcheng also took a deep look at Wang Ye, turned to the audience and said, "The conditions have been decided, then I announce that the challenge is about to start!" All challengers, please turn around and enter the portal. ”
“在这之前，请把你们身上携带的所有空间储物工具取下，把除了本身魔武以外的所有魔器、药剂、卷轴、饰品、衣物等任何含有魔力的东西取下。如果被传送门检查发现你有任何违规行为，将当场取消参赛资格。”
"Before that, please remove all the space storage tools you are carrying, and remove all magic weapons, potions, scrolls, accessories, clothing, and anything that contains magic except for your own magic weapons. If you are found to have committed any irregularities by the portal, you will be disqualified from the competition on the spot. ”
六名参赛者神情都很坦荡，至于他们心里在想什么、以及身上到底有没有藏东西，那就只有他们自己知道了。
The six contestants all looked very open, as for what they were thinking and whether they were hiding anything on their bodies, only they knew.
在所有人目光下，六名学生鱼贯走入传送门。 Under everyone's gaze, the six students walked through the portal.
撒奇尔当仁不让地走在最前面，他已经有过一次经历，半点不怕随身携带的某物会被检查出来。
Thatcher was at the forefront, and he had already experienced once that he was not afraid that something he was carrying with him would be checked.
果然，他再次顺利穿过传送门。 Sure enough, he passed through the portal again.
王叶更是无所谓，金宝和疯药王他们都已经转到雷木的精灵空间里，他的空间只要关闭，传送门就也检查不出来。
Wang Ye didn't care, Jinbao and the Mad Medicine King had already transferred to Lei Mu's elf space, as long as his space was closed, the portal would not be able to be checked.
“小心撒奇尔。”身后突然传来一道低低的警告声。 "Watch out for Thatcher." Suddenly, a low warning sound came from behind him.
第219章 虫卵 Chapter 219: Eggs
当最后一名挑战者身影消失在传送门内，望城总会长补充道：“这场挑战赛将由包括我在内的六名总会长，以及各校选出的七位裁判一起，共十三人共同监督全部挑战过程，最后也将由我们十三人共同裁定胜出者。”
When the last challenger disappeared into the portal, President Wangcheng added, "This challenge will be supervised by six presidents, including me, and seven judges selected by each school, a total of thirteen people, and in the end, the winner will be determined by the thirteen of us." ”
“同时，也欢迎所有在座者共同监督挑战者是否有作弊行为。如有，只要查明属实，随时都会取消该名参赛者的挑战资格。”
At the same time, everyone in the room is welcome to jointly monitor whether the challenger is cheating. If so, the participant will be disqualified from the challenge at any time if it is found to be true. ”
望城总会长返回了贵宾休息室。 President Wangcheng returned to the VIP lounge.
他们的休息室同样位于会场当中，只是其他人看不到。 Their lounge is also located in the middle of the venue, but no one else can see it.
望城总会长看到了站在门外看着会场神情绝对称不上好的双月布鲁校长。
President Wangcheng saw Principal Shuangyue Blue, who was standing outside the door and looking at the venue, and his expression was definitely not good.
嗯，很能理解对方的心情呢。 Well, I can understand the other person's feelings.
闻笛说是八级，实际上随时都能突破九级，且是个人实力和专业资质双双突破到九级。这样宝贵的人才，还是医、药、魔法阵三项兼修，本身也实力强大，哪个学校舍得放手？
Wen Di said that it was level eight, but in fact, he could break through level nine at any time, and his personal strength and professional qualifications both broke through to level nine. Such a valuable talent, or medicine, medicine, and magic array, is also strong in itself, which school is willing to let go?
闻笛还不是九级？ Wendi is not level 9 yet?
当九级是大白菜吗？ Is it Chinese cabbage when level 9?
而且闻笛最珍贵的地方不在于他即将突破九级，而是他本身的知识来源几乎没有断层，他算是极少数完整继承了三项知识的超凡者。
And the most precious thing about Wendi is not that he is about to break through the ninth level, but that there is almost no fault in his own knowledge source, and he is one of the very few transcendent people who has completely inherited the three knowledges.
是的，闻笛的身世并不是秘密，该知道的人都知道他的来历。
Yes, Wendi's background is not a secret, and everyone who should know knows his origins.
对于当今超凡者界来说，闻笛的大脑就是最好的知识宝库，那里隐藏着大量已经从双月星几乎快消失的珍贵知识。
For today's transcendent world, Wendi's brain is the best repository of knowledge, where a vast amount of precious knowledge has been hidden that has almost disappeared from the Twin Moon Stars.
所以想要成为闻笛亲传弟子的人才会那么多，就连银月帝国的继承人也想要拜入他门下，为的就是那份完整传承。
That's why there are so many people who want to become Wen Di's own disciples, and even the heirs of the Silver Moon Empire want to worship him for the sake of that complete inheritance.
而且还有传言说，闻笛很可能知道最少两三个、最多数量不确定的秘境地址。
There are also rumors that Wendi is likely to know at least two or three, and at most an uncertain number of secret addresses.
这些秘境都是当年知识之城那些绝世天才乃至老怪物们的私库或传承之地，或是只有知识之城那些人才知道的绝密之地。
These secret realms were the private vaults or inheritance places of those peerless geniuses and even old monsters in the City of Knowledge back then, or the top secret places that only those in the City of Knowledge knew.
因为这些传言，在其父闻四季重伤后，闻笛童年和少年时期境况并不是很好，早年父子俩不得不托庇于双月魔法学校。
Because of these rumors, after his father Wen Si was seriously injured, Wen Di's childhood and adolescence were not very good, and the father and son had to take refuge in the Double Moon School of Magic in their early years.
但双月魔法学校肯收留他们、保护他们，也不是白做好事，据说闻笛为此献上了至少一个秘境地址和一份外界已经没有的知识传承。
However, the Twin Moon School of Magic is willing to take them in and protect them, and it is not for nothing that Wen Di is said to have offered at least one secret address and a knowledge inheritance that is no longer available in the outside world.
所以对于闻笛来说，他和双月魔法学校更像是利益交换的关系，彼此间的感情一直都很淡，后来其父去世，闻笛学成毕业，也不怎么经常待在学校，而是喜欢到处跑。
So for Wen Di, he and the Double Moon Magic School are more like a relationship of exchange of interests, and the feelings between each other have always been very light, and later his father died, and Wen Di graduated from school, and he didn't stay in school very often, but liked to run around.
问他为什么知道得这么清楚？因为他和闻笛是忘年交啊。
Why did he know so well? Because he and Wendi are old friends.
没有深厚的感情基础，导致现在双月的布鲁校长想要让闻笛留下，却不知道要用什么打动对方。
There is no deep emotional foundation, so Principal Blue, who is now in two months, wants to let Wendi stay, but he doesn't know what to use to impress the other party.
可作为双月的校长，他肯定铁定一定不想让闻笛去陨星或其他任何超凡者学校，因为那就跟白送出去一个必定实力和专业都能达到九级的高手一座丰富完整的知识宝库未知数量的神秘秘境一样。
But as the principal of Shuangyue, he must definitely not want Wen Di to go to the Meteorite or any other transcendent school, because it would be the same as giving away a master who must be able to reach the ninth level in strength and professionalism, a rich and complete treasure trove of knowledge, and an unknown number of mysterious secret realms.
望城总会长嘴角勾起一丝淡淡的笑，一闪即过。他想他会好好盯着这位校长，以防他头脑发晕，在挑战赛场中做出一些难看的事情。
A faint smile hooked up at the corner of the president's mouth, and it flashed away. He figured he'd keep an eye on the headmaster in case he got dizzy and did something ugly in the middle of the challenge.
布鲁校长也看到了望城总会长，礼貌地对他点点头。 Principal Blue also saw President Wangcheng and nodded politely to him.
望城总会长回礼，推门进入了休息室。 President Wangcheng returned the salute and pushed the door into the lounge.
里面几位总会长都在，但他们可不是只在看比赛，他们同时也在处理之前黑影男爵侵入幻境考场一事。
There were several guild presidents inside, but they weren't just watching the game, they were also dealing with the previous invasion of the Shadow Baron into the Illusion Examination Room.
古总会长把圣级魔阵师白老请了过来。 The Gu Gui General invited the Saint-level Demon Array Master Bai Lao over.
经过白老仔细检查，他很确定地告诉几人，说侵入者是从正常途径进入的幻境考场。
After careful inspection by Bai Lao, he told a few people with certainty that the intruder had entered the illusion examination room through normal means.
何谓正常途径？那就是要么使用了传送门、要么使用钥匙直接传送入考场。
What is the normal pathway? That is to either use a portal or a key to teleport directly into the exam room.
传送门没有黑影男爵进出的记录，而七把钥匙，包括白老手上那一把，他们六人一人一支，这七支钥匙都在。
There is no record of the entry and exit of the dark shadow baron in the portal, and the seven keys, including the one in the hand of the old white man, each of the six of them, and these seven keys are all there.
钥匙检查不出出入记录，也就是说极有可能黑影男爵就是用了钥匙进入的幻境考场。
The key check does not have an entry and exit record, which means that it is very likely that the Black Shadow Baron used the key to enter the illusion examination room.
那么问题来了，七把钥匙都在，也就是说黑影男爵并没有手持钥匙，而是有人用钥匙为他开的门，这个人是谁？
So here's the question, the seven keys are there, which means that the Shadow Baron is not holding the key, but someone opened the door for him with the key, who is this person?
古总会长让所有人克制，表示这也很有可能是敌人分化他们六人、想要在他们六人中间埋下罅隙的故意行为。
President Gu asked everyone to refrain from doing so, saying that this was probably a deliberate act by the enemy to divide the six of them and try to bury a gap between them.
白老也表示，他的魔法阵并不是绝对不能攻破，而钥匙也不是不能复制。
Bai Lao also said that his magic array was not absolutely unbreakable, and the key was not impossible to copy.
排除内鬼是件最麻烦、最伤神、也最伤感情的事，基本就是伤敌八百自损一万那种程度。
Eliminating internal ghosts is the most troublesome, the most nerve-wracking, and the most emotionally hurtful thing, which is basically to the extent of hurting the enemy by 800 and self-inflicting 10,000.
但又不能什么都不做。 But you can't do nothing.
幸好六位总会长都是比较理智的人，他们彼此交换钥匙，让擅长使用回溯魔法的同仁分别对钥匙施展时间回溯魔法，好看到钥匙在一段时间内都落到了谁手里。
Luckily, the six presidents were all sensible people, and they exchanged keys with each other, allowing their peers who were good at using backtracking magic to cast time-rewind magic on the keys, so that they could see who had fallen into the hands of the keys over time.
可惜时间回溯魔法最长也只能回溯七天左右的景象，而这七天中，七把钥匙几乎都没有离开过七位大佬的身边。
It's a pity that the longest time rewind magic can only go back to about seven days, and in these seven days, the seven keys have hardly left the side of the seven bosses.
之所以说是几乎，是因为商业总会长的钥匙和炼金总会长的钥匙都曾经短暂离开过他们。
The reason why I say almost is because both the key of the head of commerce and the key of the head of alchemy have left them for a short time.
一次是商业总会长吩咐自己的助手把相应物品运送入幻境考场，就短时间把钥匙交给了那名助手。
Once, the president of commerce instructed his assistant to transport the corresponding items into the illusion examination room, and handed over the key to the assistant in a short time.
还有一次则是双月魔法学校的布鲁校长率领各大学校选出来的裁判一起进入各个幻境考场巡逻查看、提前了解情况，因为炼金总会长当时正在忙着布置另一个幻境考场，就把几个幻境考场的钥匙都暂时交给了布鲁校长。
Another time, Principal Blue of the Double Moon School of Magic and Magic led the referees selected by the major schools to patrol and check the situation in advance, because the Alchemy President was busy arranging another Fantasy Examination Room at the time, so he temporarily handed over the keys to several Illusion Examination Rooms to Principal Blue.
无论是那名助手，还是布鲁校长，都有作案的可能性。 Whether it was the assistant or Principal Blue, there was a possibility of committing the crime.
但也不能说他们就是内鬼，因为黑影男爵完全可以躲在器物、人群里，跟着他们偷偷进入幻境考场，再在里面埋伏下来。
But it can't be said that they are internal ghosts, because the Black Shadow Baron can hide in the utensils and crowds, follow them into the illusion examination room, and then ambush inside.
而除开这两人，本身就长时间持有钥匙、还可以随意出入幻境考场的六位总会长更有可能带人进入考场内部。
In addition to these two people, the six presidents who have held the key for a long time and can enter and leave the Illusion Examination Room at will are more likely to bring people into the examination room.
所以现在六位总会长不是在查内鬼，而是在追踪黑影男爵，想直接从黑影男爵口中拷问出答案。
So now the six presidents are not investigating the ghosts, but tracking the Shadow Baron, and want to torture the answer directly from the Black Shadow Baron's mouth.
黑影男爵虽然利用秘法逃掉了，但他的损伤也极大，半边身体都被轰烂，精神力更是大幅度受损。
Although the Black Shadow Baron escaped by using the secret method, his damage was also extremely great, half of his body was destroyed, and his mental power was greatly damaged.
凭借黑影男爵留下的血肉碎块和精神力残留，总会长们正在利用魔法阵追踪他，不过黑影男爵很能跑，竟然到现在都没有停下来。
With the fragments of flesh and mental power left behind by the Black Shadow Baron, the guilds are using the magic array to track him, but the Black Shadow Baron is very good at running, and he has not stopped until now.
六位总会长怀疑外面有人接应黑影男爵，现在那人正带着黑影男爵不断移动中。
The six presidents suspected that someone outside had picked up the Shadow Baron, who was now on the move with the Shadow Baron.
这种近乎瞬移一样的不断移动是最难捕捉行踪的，所以总会长们只能等他们停下来。
This kind of near-teleportation is the most difficult to catch tracks, so the presidents can only wait for them to stop.
除此以外，总会长们还在亲自排查其他幻境考场。 In addition to this, the presidents are also personally checking other illusion examination rooms.
“盯着点双月那个撒奇尔。”望城总会长在椅子上坐下道。
"Keep an eye on that Thatcher of the Twin Moons." President Wangcheng sat down in a chair and said.
廖总会长皱眉，本身就瘦削的脸显得更加刻薄：“你发现了什么？”
President Liao frowned, and his already thin face looked even meaner: "What did you find?" ”
“也不算发现。只是看到那个撒奇尔在进入传送门之前，和双月的布鲁校长有过一次眼神交汇。那小孩露出了一点得意神情，就好像他笃定自己赢定了一样。”望城总会长慢慢说道。
"It's not a discovery. I just saw that Thatcher had a eye contact with Principal Blue of the Two Moons before entering the portal. The boy looked a little smug, as if he was sure he had won. President Wangcheng said slowly.
廖女士的脸色变得越发严厉：“这些校长就没几个省心的，有点权力就滥用！早就跟他们说过无数遍，各校大比必须要公平公正，决不能有一丝营私舞弊现象，他们倒好，为了一点私利就带头破坏。”
Ms. Liao's face became more and more stern: "There are few of these principals who are worry-free, and they abuse a little power!" I have told them countless times that the competition between schools must be fair and just, and there must not be a trace of malpractice for personal gain. ”
“那可不是一点私利。”商业总会长呵呵道：“那可是闻笛啊。”
"That's not a bit of self-interest." The general president of commerce said, "That's a flute." ”
药师总会长望城也笑：“如果那个小叶子真的能达成闻笛的所有要求，把闻笛带到陨星去，那陨星可真是要赚疯了。”
The pharmacist general president, Wangcheng, also smiled: "If that little leaf can really meet all of Wendi's requirements and bring Wendi to the meteorite, then the meteorite will really go crazy." ”
其他几位总会长，除了廖女士，都发出了笑声。 Several other presidents, except for Ms. Liao, burst out laughing.
光幕还没有亮起。 The light curtain has not yet lit up.
廖女士皱眉：“怎么回事？那几个挑战者还没有进入挑战赛场？”
Ms. Liao frowned: "What's the matter?" How many of the challengers haven't made it to the challenge yet? ”
水晶球内传来炼金总会长的说话声：“白老刚刚在炼药考场里发现了一点奇怪的东西。”
The voice of the Alchemy General Master came from inside the crystal ball: "Bai Lao just found something strange in the alchemy examination room. ”
“什么东西？”几位总会长都紧张起来。 "What's that?" Several of the presidents were nervous.
炼金总会长忙道：“不是什么很特别的东西，白老判断说很可能是虫卵。也许是哪个学生不小心带进来的。”
The head of the alchemy was busy saying: "It's not something very special, Bai Lao judged that it was probably an egg." Maybe some student accidentally brought it in. ”
“活物不可能被带入考场。”廖女士当即就道。 "It is impossible for a living creature to be brought into the examination room." Ms. Liao said immediately.
炼金总会长道：“我们知道，所以我们正在检查这种虫卵。白老说这种虫卵活性很低，就好像处在休眠状态，需要特殊方法才能重新激发其生命活力，因为这种特殊休眠状态，让虫卵就好像死卵一样。”
The Alchemy Chief, "We know, so we're checking the eggs. Bai Lao said that the activity of this kind of insect egg is very low, as if it is in a dormant state, and a special method is needed to reactivate its vitality, because this special dormant state makes the insect eggs as if they are dead eggs. ”
“这东西听起来就古怪，真的是无意间带进来的吗？”廖女士满脸都是怀疑。
"This thing sounds weird, did you really bring it in by accident?" Ms. Liao's face was full of suspicion.
“可惜这东西很难排查，随便黏在衣服鞋袜头发中就能带进来，跟灰尘一样。”炼金总会长道。
"It's a pity that this thing is difficult to check, and you can bring it in if you stick it in your clothes, shoes, socks and hair, just like dust." Alchemy President said.
佣兵古总会长开口：“麻烦你和白老，先把那些虫卵全部找出来。”
The mercenary Gu General Leader spoke: "Trouble you and Bai Lao, find out all those insect eggs first." ”
“嗯，我们会再巡逻一圈，马上就好。” "Well, we'll patrol again, and we'll be right away."
挑战赛场内。 Inside the arena.
王叶感觉自己穿过传送门就到了某个地方，但他们六个人全都被拘束在一个很小的房间中，没门没窗。
有个声音告诉他们，说大赛方正在检查幻境考场，让他们稍等。
王叶感到了一丝古怪，如果不是已经准备好，那位药师总会长也不会让他们进入传送门，怎么他们过来了，又说还在检查考场？
是临时发现的问题，还是考场又被人侵入了？
王叶暗中感受了一下空间波动，判断这个小房间内没有侦查空间波动的魔器，就悄悄打开了虫巢空间。
刚一打开空间没多久，小光就在里面冲他咿咿叫：“有同类！”
能被小光称为同类的会是什么？
王叶几乎瞬间就紧张起来。
这里竟然有智慧寄生虫族？在哪里？是已经寄生了吗？
王叶觉得自己这段时间大概过得太幸福，大脑有点飘了，竟然对寄生虫族的警惕心降低到这种程度。
明明他已经和虫巢融合，按理说他对寄生虫族也会很敏感，可这次如果不是小光提醒他，他可能半点都没察觉。
王叶警告自己，同时把感知提到最高。
果然，这么一提高感知，王叶通过寄生虫族对虫巢天生的共鸣性，也感觉到了那一丝丝独属于智慧寄生虫族的精神力波动和气息。
这种气息和精神力波和别的生物具体有什么区别，要让王叶具体描述，他也描述不出来，他就像能感知到自己蜜蜂的蜂王一样，自然而然就知道他的小蜂儿们都在哪里。
王叶的目光很自然地扫过其他五名挑战者。他已经知道寄生虫在谁那儿，甚至知道那人携带的不是成虫，而是虫卵。
也怪不得他没感觉到，一些还没孵化的虫卵，还降低了活性，他不提高感知，怎么可能一下就感觉到？
It's no wonder he didn't feel it, some eggs that haven't hatched yet, and their activity has been reduced, if he doesn't improve his perception, how can he feel it all at once?
也就是那些虫卵是小光的同类，也就是浮游光虫卵，小光这只母虫才会那么快察觉。
That is, those eggs are the same kind of Xiaoguang, that is, planktonic light eggs, and Xiaoguang, the female worm, will be noticed so quickly.
浮游光虫卵啊，弄过来不知道能不能增加小光的族群数量？
Planktonic light insect eggs, I don't know if you can increase the number of Xiaoguang's population?
“咿咿！”要吃。 "Babble!" To eat.
王叶与小光建立精神联系：“那可是你同族。真要吃？”
Wang Ye established a spiritual connection with Xiaoguang: "That's your clan." Do you really want to eat it? ”
小光：“咿咿。”又不是我生的。 Xiaoguang: "Babble." "I didn't give birth to it.
王叶无言：好吧，你说得有理。 Wang Ye was speechless: Okay, you have a point.
小光又咿咿叫，表示这些虫卵有问题，被做过手脚，已经不是纯种的浮游光虫卵。
Xiaoguang babbled again, indicating that there was something wrong with these eggs, and they had been manipulated, and they were no longer purebred planktonic light eggs.
王叶在心中打出一个问号：难道有一支寄生虫族再次进化了吗？
Wang Ye put a question mark in his heart: Could it be that there is a parasite Zerg that has evolved again?
小光不满地叫：“咿咿！”不是进化，是改变，丑恶的改变！
Xiaoguang shouted dissatisfiedly: "Babble! "It's not evolution, it's change, ugly change!
王叶扫视的目光和几个挑战者碰上，一名挑战者向他走来。
Wang Ye's glancing gaze met several challengers, and one of them walked towards him.
外面会场，光幕还没有亮起来，观众席好多人都在窃窃私语。
Outside the venue, the light curtain has not yet lit up, and many people in the audience are whispering.
大家都在谈论刚才闻笛教授和陨星小叶子做的拜师和转校约定。
这还是头一次有学生看中某位教授，想让他做自己师父，却不肯转入对方学校，宁可提高难度也要把对方拐到自家碗里的奇葩事发生。
This is the first time that a student has taken a fancy to a certain professor and wants him to be his master, but he refuses to transfer to the other school, and would rather increase the difficulty than turn the other party into his own bowl.
这样的学生，他们学校也好想要啊。 This kind of student is what their school wants.
为什么小叶子就不是他们学校的学生呢？
乾副校长感觉到不少学校大佬对他投射过来的羡慕妒忌的目光，那感觉简直就跟大热天喝了一碗冰水一样，舒爽极了！
陨星其他大佬也暗暗称赞：虫老和兰道教授还有覃副校长的眼光是真的没得说，在别的教授都在为王小叶中了千木之毒感到可惜，而忽略了这个小天才时，他们三个却果断又火速地下手，直接就把小孩圈到自己窝里了。
覃副校长好像还没斗过虫老，也拿兰道教授没办法，没办法正大光明地冠上王小叶师父的名头。
王小叶好像也只承认了虫老和兰道教授是他的指导教授。
Wang Xiaoye also seemed to only admit that Worm Lao and Professor Landau were his supervisors.
不管怎么说，那三位的付出没有白付出，只看小家伙这么心向着陨星，就知道是个重情重义的。
Anyway, the efforts of the three of them were not in vain, just looking at the little guy's heart for the meteorite, he knew that he was a man of love and righteousness.
现在包括他们在内，学校不知多少教授在知道王小叶在大比中的表现后，后悔下手太迟，尤其是最早接触王叶还跟他买过血的毒药学尼约教授特别郁闷。
Now, including them, there are not many professors in the school who regret that they started too late after knowing Wang Xiaoye's performance in the big competition, especially Professor Niyo, who first contacted Wang Ye and bought blood from him, was particularly depressed.
他当时明明有最好的收下王小叶的机会，却就这么白白浪费了。
He obviously had the best opportunity to accept Wang Xiaoye at that time, but he wasted it like this.
乾副校长舒爽之余，又十分心焦。如果闻笛真的被小叶子拐到他们学校来，他一个副校长真的顶不住双月的怒火和其他学校的妒忌。
Vice President Qian was not only refreshed, but also very anxious. If Wendi was really abducted to their school by Xiao Yezi, he, a vice principal, really couldn't resist the anger of Shuangyue and the jealousy of other schools.
这里可是双月的主场，就算双月不敢明着对他们陨星下手，但凡做点手脚，比如故意放松戒备或暗中捣乱，让人找机会掳走王小叶什么的，那也是完全有可能的。
This is Shuangyue's home field, even if Shuangyue doesn't dare to attack their meteor openly, if he does something to do something, such as deliberately relaxing his guard or secretly making trouble, so that people can find an opportunity to kidnap Wang Xiaoye or something, it is completely possible.
而王小叶一旦出事，虫老和兰道教授非得找他拼命不可！为此离开学校都有可能。
And once Wang Xiaoye has an accident, Worm Lao and Professor Landau will have to find him desperately! It is possible to leave school for this reason.
闻笛教授大概也会对他们学校的印象差到极点，徒弟都没了，自然更不可能留下。
Professor Wen Di will probably have an extremely bad impression of their school, and the apprentices are gone, so it is naturally impossible to stay.
其他学校不说落井下石，但也一定会暗中嘲笑他们。 Other schools don't say they fall into the trap, but they will definitely laugh at them secretly.
而且除了小叶子，陨星还带来了这么多学生，这些学生每一个都是陨星的宝贝蛋，任何一个都损失不起。
And in addition to the small leaves, the meteorite also brought so many students, each of these students is the treasure egg of the meteorite, and they can't afford to lose any of them.
乾副校长越想越头疼，他已经尽量调来足够多的保护力量，但现在他怎么想都觉得不够。
The more Vice Principal Qian thought about it, the more headache he felt, he had tried his best to mobilize enough protective forces, but now he didn't feel enough no matter how much he thought about it.
虫老和兰道教授是很厉害，但虫老因为某种特殊原因，现在只能使出原先的六分力量，根本不敢怎么动用精神力。
Worm Elder and Professor Landau are very powerful, but for some special reason, Worm Elder can only use his original six points of strength now, and he doesn't dare to use his spiritual power at all.
而兰道教授的情况更麻烦，他连脸都不能露，否则不用双月学校和长生会什么的找陨星麻烦，隔壁银月帝国那位大帝大概就要先一步杀过来了。
And Professor Landau's situation is even more troublesome, he can't even show his face, otherwise he doesn't have to trouble the Falling Star with the Double Moon School and the Immortal Society, and the Great Emperor of the Silver Moon Empire next door will probably have to kill him first.
从这两点也能看出虫老和兰道教授到底有多么在乎小叶子这个亲传弟子，真的是冒着危险也要过来护崽。
From these two points, it can also be seen how much Worm Elder and Professor Landau care about Xiao Yezi, a personal disciple, and they really risk coming over to protect the cubs.
乾副校长忽然发现他们学校就好像是个被众列强欺负还妄想守住孩子们的老病残，好弱好弱~
Vice Principal Qian suddenly found that their school was like an old, sick and disabled person who was bullied by the great powers and wanted to keep the children, so weak and weak~
其他学校：有种你把这话当我们的面说！ Other Schools: There's a kind of you saying this to our face!
乾副校长皱眉，所以他们学校的最强武力，那个该死的甩手掌柜，到底跑哪儿去了？为什么还不来？
Vice Principal Qian frowned, so where did the strongest force in their school, that damn hands-off shopkeeper, go? Why not come yet?
就在乾副校长在心里再次给某人画诅咒小人时，光幕再次亮起。
Just when Vice Principal Qian drew a curse on someone again in his heart, the light curtain lit up again.
众人精神一振。 The spirits of the crowd were lifted.
六名挑战者出现在了光幕中。 Six challengers appeared in the light curtain.
王叶还在想着各种可能性，就见刚才警告他小心撒奇尔的临渊简学有意无意走到了他身边，和撒奇尔离得远远的。
Wang Ye was still thinking about various possibilities, when he saw that Linyuan Jianxue, who had warned him to be careful of Thatcher just now, came to him intentionally or unintentionally, and was far away from Thatcher.
可惜房间就这么点大，离得最远，也只有两米不到的距离。
It's a pity that the room is so big, the farthest away, only less than two meters away.
东泉的乐永熙在和王叶目光接触后，也主动走到他身边，非常直接地问他：“要合作吗？”
After making eye contact with Wang Ye, Le Yongxi of Dongquan also took the initiative to walk up to him and asked him very directly: "Do you want to cooperate?" ”
临渊的简学、西顿的安塞姆，都有此意，没想到被东泉乐永熙抢先一步。
Linyuan's Jianxue and Sidon's Anselm all had this intention, but they didn't expect to be preempted by Dongquan Le Yongxi.
撒奇尔则自然看向另一名双月挑战者巴迪，他们是天然同盟。
Thatcher naturally looked to Buddy, another two-moon challenger, who was a natural ally.
双月巴迪一点都不想和撒奇尔结伴，他怕撒奇尔抢他的风头、还要他做配角帮助他，但考虑到撒奇尔的身份地位和学校大佬们对此人的重视度，巴迪只能挤出笑脸假装很巴不得和撒奇尔组队。
Buddy didn't want to be with Thatcher at all, he was afraid that Thatcher would steal his limelight and ask him to play a supporting role to help him, but considering Thatcher's status and the importance that school bosses attached to him, Buddy could only squeeze out a smile and pretend to be eager to team up with Thatcher.
王叶无可无不可地点点头，同意了东泉乐永熙的组队建议。
Wang Ye nodded inexorably and agreed to Dongquan Le Yongxi's suggestion to form a team.
临渊简学和西顿安塞姆也干脆对王叶和乐永熙表达了想要组队合作的意愿。
Linyuan Jianxue and Sidon Anselm also simply expressed their willingness to team up and cooperate with Wang Ye and Le Yongxi.
王叶和乐永熙同意。 Wang Ye and Le Yongxi agreed.
如此，四人暂时结成同盟，和双月的撒奇尔与巴迪分成了两帮。
In this way, the four temporarily formed an alliance and split into two gangs with Thatcher and Buddy of the two moons.
场外，观众席上双月的学生一片惨叫声，大家都在喊不公平，四打二，这还怎么玩。
Outside the venue, the students of Shuangyue in the audience screamed, and everyone was shouting that it was unfair, four to two, how to play this.
其他学校学生都在哈哈笑。 The other school students were laughing.
场内，双月巴迪在心中叫苦，如果没有撒奇尔，他早就第一时间跑去找小叶子求合作了。现在却因为撒奇尔敌对小叶子，搞得他也被小叶子划分到了敌对阵营。
In the field, Shuangyue Buddy complained in his heart, if it wasn't for Thatcher, he would have run to Xiao Yezi for cooperation as soon as possible. Now because of Thatcher's hostility to Xiao Yezi, he has also been divided into the hostile camp by Xiao Yezi.
四打二，偏偏他心里一点都不想和撒奇尔混在一起，就问还有人比他更悲惨的吗？
Four to two, but he didn't want to mix with Thatcher at all, so he asked if there was anyone more miserable than him?
“我对拜闻笛教授为师没有兴趣，我有自己的教授，不打算改换师门。”临渊简学忽然道。
"I have no interest in learning from Professor Wendi as a teacher, I have my own professor, and I don't plan to change my teacher." Lin Yuan Jianxue said suddenly.
西顿安塞姆忍不住问：“那你参加挑战赛干嘛？” Sidon Anselm couldn't help but ask, "Then why are you participating in the challenge?" ”
临渊简学特意看向对面的撒奇尔，脸色冰冷地道：“因为我不服气，我不该是第二名。如果没有人暗中阴我，我根本不会输！我只是想要抢回我应得的名次，就算抢不回来，我也要让人知道我比某人强得多！”
Lin Yuan Jianxue deliberately looked at Thatchir on the opposite side, and said with a cold face: "Because I'm not convinced, I shouldn't be the second place." If no one secretly schemed against me, I wouldn't have lost at all! I just want to get my place back, and even if I can't, I want people to know that I'm much better than somebody! ”
撒奇尔发出嗤笑声：“手下败将。输了就输了，还要给自己找理由。”
Thatcher sneered: "Defeated." If you lose, you lose, and you have to find reasons for yourself. ”
临渊简学双手用力握成拳，克制着自己没有一拳打过去：“你自己做了什么，你自己心里清楚。别以为你顶着一个帝国继承人的头衔，别人就都得让着你。银月帝国在西大陆，我们临渊魔法学校可是在北海的战乱群岛！”
Lin Yuan Jianxue clenched his hands into fists hard, restraining himself from punching over: "What you have done yourself, you know in your heart." Don't think that if you hold the title of heir to an empire, everyone else will have to let you. The Silver Moon Empire is on the Western Continent, and our Linyuan Magic School is in the war-torn archipelago of the North Sea! ”
撒奇尔拉长脸：“别随便给人泼污水。自己无能就是无能，别把自己失败的根由都归罪到别人身上。”
Thatcher stretched his face: "Don't just throw sewage on people. Your own incompetence is incompetence, don't blame others for the root cause of your failure. ”
临渊简学骂了一句脏话，握紧拳头道：“你等着，只要你再做一次手脚，我一定会抓住你，并找到证据。”
Lin Yuan Jianxue cursed a swear word, clenched his fists and said, "You wait, as long as you do it again, I will definitely catch you and find evidence." ”
撒奇尔眼神阴狠：“我记住你了，临渊的家伙。你今天对我的污蔑，都是来日你自己给自己找的灾祸。”
Thatcher's eyes were grim: "I remember you, fellow of the abyss. Your slander against me today is all a calamity that you have brought yourself upon yourself in the coming days. ”
王叶鼓掌：“好押韵，看不出来你还有做诗人的资质。”
Wang Ye applauded: "It's a good rhyme, I can't see that you still have the qualifications to be a poet." ”
噗。几名参赛生都笑了起来。 Burst. Several of the contestants laughed.
王叶笑眯眯地接了句：“也是偷来的吗？” Wang Ye smiled and answered: "Was it also stolen?" ”
“哇哦！”小房间内的几名挑战者和场外观众一起发出了惊叹声。
"Wow!" Several challengers in the small room let out exclamations along with the audience outside the arena.
撒奇尔那一瞬间的脸色让所有人都以为他要对小叶子出手了。
Thatcher's face at that moment made everyone think that he was going to make a move on Xiao Yezi.
但这位银月帝国继承人连续深呼吸几次，竟然硬是忍了下来。不过他也给予了言语回击：“我，银月帝国，撒尔曼大帝的侄孙，明光公爵撒埃德的唯一子嗣，绝不容许有人如此污蔑我。”
But this heir of the Silver Moon Empire took several deep breaths in a row, and he actually endured it. However, he also gave a verbal response: "I, the Silvermoon Empire, the nephew of Emperor Salman, and the only son of Saeed, Duke of Mingguang, will never allow anyone to slander me like this." ”
第220章 身世、验心 Chapter 220: Life Experience, Heart Test
“那个谁，你是不是每次介绍自己的时候，都喜欢把你堂爷爷和你父亲的名讳和头衔搬出来，不这样就不能显示出你的身份？”王叶脸上的讽刺都能溢出光幕。
"Who, do you like to bring out the names and titles of your cousin and your father every time you introduce yourself, otherwise you can't show your identity?" The sarcasm on Wang Ye's face can overflow the light curtain.
“这是贵族礼仪，你这种没有身份的人自然不懂。”撒奇尔傲然道。
"This is aristocratic etiquette, and people like you who have no status naturally don't understand it." Thatcher said proudly.
“原来这就是贵族礼仪，见识了。怪不得我小时候去乡下玩，那边村子里的小霸王昂着脑袋跟我介绍他自己，说他是黄牛镇三旮旯村，村长牛三宝的唯一亲孙，更是他们牛家第三代的唯一男丁牛狗蛋，让我敬着他点。”王叶煞有其事地点点头：“看来牛狗蛋的贵族礼仪学得不错。”
"It turns out that this is aristocratic etiquette, I have seen it. No wonder I went to the countryside to play when I was a child, and the little bully in the village over there raised his head to introduce himself to me, saying that he was the only grandson of the village chief Niu Sanbao in Sanyi Village, Huangniu Town, and the only male Niu Dog of the third generation of their Niu family, so I respected him. Wang Ye nodded matter-of-factly: "It seems that the aristocratic etiquette of Niu Goudan has learned well." ”
临渊简学喷笑。 Lin Yuan Jianxue laughed.
场外好多学生也发出哄笑声。 Many students outside the stadium also burst into laughter.
双月的学生忽然就觉得丢脸极了。 The students of Biyue suddenly felt extremely embarrassed.
其实这种自我介绍方式没有半点问题，可是为什么被这个小叶子一说就好囧呢？
In fact, there is no problem with this way of introducing yourself, but why is it embarrassing to be said by this little leaf?
当场好多贵族出身的学生都牢记，以后再也不要用这种方式介绍自己。
Many students from aristocratic backgrounds on the spot kept in mind that they should never introduce themselves in this way in the future.
撒奇尔突然发现他急需狗腿子和能帮他说话的手下，他自己亲自下场和这个不知从哪里冒出来的野崽子吵架，实在太丢分。
Thatchir suddenly found that he was in dire need of a dogleg and a man who could help him speak, and he himself went out to quarrel with this wild cub who came out of nowhere, which was too much of a loss.
撒奇尔很想巴迪帮帮自己，可惜巴迪就像是没有看懂他的眼神。
Thatcher wanted Buddy to help him, but Buddy didn't seem to understand his eyes.
王叶笑嘻嘻的，一副两人很熟的口吻说：“对了，我有没有跟你说过我有个国王爹，他知道好多国家大佬的阴私。比如你不是你爹的唯一子嗣，你还有个哥哥的事，他就跟我说过。他还跟我说，你那个哥哥出生就是魔种，被你们全家摒弃虐待，从小就把他不当人一样的丢给家族魔法师折磨，所以你才会不认你这个大哥吗？”
Wang Ye grinned, and said in a very familiar tone: "By the way, did I tell you that I have a king father, he knows the secrets of many national bigwigs." For example, you are not your father's only child, and you have an older brother, he told me. He also told me that your brother was born a demon seed, and was abandoned and abused by your whole family, and he was thrown to the family magician to torture like a human being since he was a child, so you don't recognize you as a big brother? ”
撒奇尔不可置信地瞪向王叶，差点脱口问出：你是谁，你怎么知道这些事？
Thatcher glared at Wang Ye in disbelief, and almost blurted out: Who are you, how do you know these things?
“我不知道你在说什么。”撒奇尔硬邦邦地回。 "I don't know what you're talking about." Thatcher hard back.
王叶眨眼，“你不知道我知道就行。我还知道你小时候可是体弱多病，资质更差得不得了，听我那位国王爹说你能活命，完全是靠吸取别人的生命力和健康才能维持。没想到一段时间没见，你就成天才了。我就是有点好奇你是怎么变成的天才。是有人把资质和健康和精神力都转让给你了吗？”
Wang Ye blinked, "You don't know I know." I also know that you were frail and sickly when you were a child, and your qualifications were even worse, and I heard my royal father say that you can survive by absorbing the vitality and health of others. I didn't expect that if I haven't seen you for a while, you will become a genius. I'm just a little curious about how you became a genius. Did someone transfer all their qualifications and health and mental strength to you? ”
几名挑战学生万万没想到会听到这样的爆炸性秘闻，当场呆滞，全都盯着撒奇尔看。
Several of the challengers never expected to hear such an explosive secret, and they were stunned on the spot, all staring at Thatcher.
外面的各校学生也没好到哪里去，整个会场都发出了“噢！”、“哎？”、“不可能”、“真的假的”的惊呼声。
The students from the various schools outside were not much better, and the whole venue let out "Oh! "Huh? "Impossible", "really fake".
撒奇尔气得发抖：“你这是污蔑！是造谣！我要和你决斗！为我的名誉而战！”
Thatchir trembled with anger: "You are slandering! It's rumor-mongering! I'm going to duel with you! Fight for my honor! ”
“你真的要和我现在就决斗？”王叶的眼睛明显亮了起来，他还搓了搓手，一副激动的小模样。
"Are you really going to duel me right now?" Wang Ye's eyes lit up obviously, and he rubbed his hands, looking excited.
场内场外所有人都能看出他有多么期待和撒奇尔的决斗。
Everyone on and off the field could see how much he was looking forward to the duel with Thatcher.
“撒奇尔！”巴迪看在同校的份上，叫了他一声。 "Thatcher!" Buddy, for the sake of his fellow school, called him.
撒奇尔被气爆的大脑总算冷静了些许，他用力咬紧牙关，直到他能把怒火压制到正常思考的程度。
Thatcher's enraged brain finally calmed down a little, and he gritted his teeth until he could suppress his anger to the point of normal thinking.
场外，双月的学生们：……小叶子真的是污蔑吗？他有必要为了污蔑撒奇尔得罪一整个银月帝国吗？
Off the field, bi-monthly students: ...... Is Xiaoye really slanderous? Is it necessary for him to offend the entire Silvermoon Empire in order to slander Thatcher?
双月的教授和大佬们都保持着沉默，没有任何人去讨论撒奇尔的资质问题，不是他们确定，而是他们说什么都不适合。
The professors and bigwigs of the two moons were silent, and no one discussed the question of Thatcher's qualifications, not that they were sure, but that they said that nothing was suitable.
看台高处，某个贵宾室内。 High in the stands, in a VIP room.
“撒奇尔需要好好锻炼，他现在无论是心性还是手段都太嫩。”说话的人声音宛若万年寒冰，又像是对什么都不在意。
"Thatchir needs to be exercised well, he is too tender in both heart and means now." The voice of the person who spoke was like ten thousand years of ice, and it seemed that he didn't care about anything.
“是，这次比试结束，我一定会好好教训他，绝不会让他再给撒家和帝国丢脸。”一名中年男子深深低下头。
"Yes, after this competition, I will definitely teach him a good lesson, and I will never let him disgrace the Sajia and the empire again." A middle-aged man bowed his head deeply.
“嗯。”漫不经心的语调，无所谓的态度。 "Hmm." A nonchaltical tone, an attitude that doesn't matter.
中年男子不禁暗中咬紧牙根，他再怎么也没想到，不过一场小小的学生比赛，竟然会把这位引来。
The middle-aged man couldn't help but clench his teeth secretly, he never thought that a small student competition would attract this one.
不过这位是秘密前来，双月魔法学校并不知道。双月明面上只邀请了他，毕竟他儿子现在双月学习，还参加了这次的炼药大比，而大比结果还关系到撒奇尔拜师的事。
However, this person came in secret, and the Twin Moon School of Magic did not know about it. Shuangyue Ming only invited him on the surface, after all, his son is now studying in Shuangyue, and he also participated in this medicine refining competition, and the result of the competition is also related to the matter of Thatcher's apprenticeship.
那么这位为什么前来？ So why did this one come?
他可不认为撒奇尔已经优秀到让这位特地来看他比赛的程度，他很清楚，撒奇尔虽然也顶着一个帝国继承人的名头，但在这位心目中，可比当年那位第一顺位继承人差远了。
He didn't think that Thatchir was good enough for this person to come to watch him play, he knew very well that although Thatcher was also named an imperial heir, in his mind, he was far worse than the first heir in the past.
如果不是那位第一顺位继承人突然逝世，他和他儿子恐怕一生都不会有机会靠近这位，也不可能靠近那个位子……
If it weren't for the sudden death of the first in line to the throne, he and his son would probably never have had the opportunity to get close to this one in their lifetime, and they would never have been able to get close to that position......
陨星学校看台这边，乾明副校长无奈摇头：“小叶子胆子也太大了，真是什么话都敢说。他也不怕得罪一整个银月帝国。”
On the side of the grandstand of Meteorite School, Vice Principal Qianming shook his head helplessly: "Xiao Yezi is too bold, he really dares to say anything." He was also not afraid of offending the entire Silver Moon Empire. ”
“得罪又怎样？那个撒奇尔可代表不了整个银月帝国。如果撒尔曼真的足够重视这个侄孙，这小子就不会出现在双月魔法学校。”虫老脸上的讽刺不要太明显。
"What about offense? That Thatcher doesn't represent the entire Silvermoon Empire. If Salman really valued this nephew enough, this kid wouldn't have appeared at the Double Moon School of Magic. The sarcasm on the old worm's face should not be too obvious.
“哦？您是知道什么吗？”乾副校长压低声音，就要布置一个结界。
"Oh? Do you know what? "Vice Principal Qian lowered his voice, and he was going to arrange an enchantment.
虫老却什么都不肯说了。 But the worm old man refused to say anything.
乾副校长拿这老头没办法，虫老嘴紧，他不想说的事，谁也逼不出来。
Vice Principal Qian can't do anything about this old man, the worm has a tight mouth, and no one can force him to say what he doesn't want to say.
虫老转头就跟兰道嘀咕：“小叶子怎么回事，怎么会那么针对撒奇尔？难道就因为撒家的小子跟他抢教授？”
The insect elder turned his head and muttered to Landau: "What's the matter with Xiao Yezi, how can he be so aimed at Thatcher?" Is it because the boy of the Sajia family robbed him of the professor? ”
兰道忽然道：“不是抢教授这么简单，小叶子厌恶并仇恨撒奇尔，他看向撒奇尔的眼中有杀意。虽然他尽量掩饰了。”
Landau said suddenly: "It's not as simple as robbing the professor, Xiao Yezi hates and hates Thatcher, and there is murderous intent in his eyes when he looks at Thatcher." Although he tried to hide it as much as possible. ”
虫老闻言，仔细看向光幕中的王叶，过了一会儿，像是确定了什么，不禁微微皱眉：“那小子可从没说过他认识撒家人。”
Hearing this, the insect elder looked carefully at Wang Ye in the light curtain, and after a while, as if he had determined something, he couldn't help frowning slightly: "That kid never said that he knew the Sa family." ”
“他没说过，不代表他不认识。”兰道目光转移到坐在他们前面的雷木背影上。
"Just because he didn't say it doesn't mean he doesn't know him." Landau's gaze shifted to the back of Thunderwood sitting in front of them.
他在想如果雷木也是撒家人，他会是刚才小叶子提到的撒奇尔那个天生为魔种的兄长吗？
He was thinking that if Lei Mu was also a member of the Sa family, would he be the brother of Thatchir who was born as a demon seed mentioned by Xiao Yezi just now?
可雷木如果是撒埃德的长子，为什么他的耳后会有和月琴一样的红痣？连位置和大小都一模一样？
If Keremu is Saed's eldest son, why does he have the same red mole behind his ear as Yueqin? Even the location and size are exactly the same?
撒月琴，撒尔曼大帝的亲生女儿，她才是真正的大帝唯一子嗣，银月帝国的唯一公主。
Sayueqin, the biological daughter of the Sahrman Great, she is the only heir of the real Emperor and the only princess of the Silver Moon Empire.
兰道想到这个女孩，心情很是复杂。 Landau thought of this girl, and his feelings were very complicated.
他一直把月琴当做学生看，可月琴对他的心思却不一样。
He has always regarded Yueqin as a student, but Yueqin has a different mind about him.
就跟他把撒尔曼当好友看，那个混蛋却想睡他一样。 It's like he sees Salman as a friend, and that bastard wants to sleep with him.
而他之所以知道月琴耳后有那么一颗红痣，不是他和撒月琴有多么亲密的关系，只是那女孩曾经特意把这颗红痣亮出来给他看，跟他炫耀说她父亲撒尔曼大帝在相同位置也有这么一颗红痣。
And the reason why he knew that Yueqin had such a red mole behind her ear was not how close he and Sayueqin were, but that the girl had deliberately shown this red mole to him, and boasted to him that her father, Salman the Great, also had such a red mole in the same position.
撒月琴还跟他说这颗红痣其实是一把血脉钥匙，说她如果有后代，九成九也会在同样位置有同样一颗红痣。
Sa Yueqin also told him that this red mole was actually a bloodline key, and said that if she had offspring, nine out of nine would have the same red mole in the same position.
兰道不确定其他撒家人是不是也有这么一颗红痣，但他清楚记得撒月琴那时那骄傲的口吻，似乎这是她和她父亲独有的遗传，其他撒家人都不会有。
Landau wasn't sure if the other Sa's family members also had such a red mole, but he clearly remembered Sayueqin's proud tone at that time, as if it was her and her father's unique inheritance, and no other Sa's family would have it.
如果真是这样，雷木到底是谁的孩子？ If that's the case, whose child is Thunderwood?
最让他不可思议的是，为什么他看到这个孩子，一开始还没有特殊感觉，可随着越来越多的观察，他就发现他再也无法忽略这个孩子？
The most incredible thing for him was why he didn't have a special feeling when he saw this child at first, but as he observed more and more, he found that he could no longer ignore this child?
更可怕的是，为什么他会对这个孩子产生微弱的血脉共鸣感？
What's even more terrifying is why does he have a faint sense of blood resonance with this child?
兰道想到了一个可能，这个可能让他头晕目眩，脸色瞬间变得极度苍白。
Landau thought of a possibility, which made him dizzy, and his face instantly turned extremely pale.
其实想要验证他的某个猜想，很简单。 In fact, it is very simple to test one of his conjectures.
他只要对雷木使用一张血脉感应魔法卷轴就可以。 All he had to do was use a bloodline sensing magic scroll on Thunderwood.
比试场内。 Inside the test venue.
小屋内的气氛眼看越来越紧张，王叶盯住了撒奇尔的手指。
The atmosphere in the hut was getting more and more tense, and Wang Ye stared at Thatcher's finger.
撒奇尔还没有蠢到在这时候动手，这间小屋这么小，场外那些观众的目光现在都集中在他们身上，无论他们做多小的动作，都有可能被人看见。
Thatcher wasn't stupid enough to do it at this time, the hut was so small, and the eyes of the spectators outside the arena were now focused on them, and no matter how small the movements they made, they could be seen.
撒奇尔张嘴，正要和王叶说什么。 Thatcher opened his mouth and was about to say something to Wang Ye.
一道声音在小屋中响起：“请诸位挑战者注意，本次挑战赛同样采取积分式，不过这次不止有加分，还有减分。至于加分和减分规则是什么，需要你们自己去揣摩。挑战已经开始，请诸位珍惜时间，两个小时一到，你们会被立刻传送出挑战场。”
A voice sounded in the hut: "Please note that this challenge also adopts the point format, but this time there are not only extra points, but also minus points. As for what the rules of adding and subtracting points are, you need to figure it out for yourself. The challenge has begun, please cherish the time, as soon as the two hours are up, you will be teleported out of the challenge field. ”
这段话说完，就再也没有任何提示。 After saying this, there was no more hint.
无门无窗的小屋突然出现了一扇门，还打开了。 The doorless and windowless cottage suddenly appeared with a door and opened.
撒奇尔第一个从小屋内走了出去，之后就是巴迪。 Thatcher was the first to walk out of the hut, followed by Buddy.
王叶四人也随后走出。 Wang Ye and the four of them also walked out.
外面就是之前炼药的中高级比赛场。 Outside is the middle and high-level competition field of the previous alchemy.
布局呈树形，中间一条笔直的土路，土路两边连接着小路，小路边有建筑物。
The layout is in the shape of a tree, with a straight dirt road in the middle, and the dirt road is connected on both sides of the path, and there are buildings on the side of the path.
撒奇尔和临渊简学面色不动，心里还是有点高兴的，同样的赛场，当然是已经进过一次的他们更有优势。
Thatqir and Lin Yuan Jianxue's faces were unmoved, and they were still a little happy in their hearts, the same arena, of course, they had already entered once, and they had more advantages.
不过其他人也有在光幕看到这个赛场的布局，他们的优势并不大。
However, others have also seen the layout of this arena in the light curtain, and their advantage is not great.
王叶突然想起来他之前扫到这一幕为什么会觉得眼熟了，上辈子他闻笛师父布置过一个类似的考场给他玩过。
Wang Ye suddenly remembered why he felt familiar when he swept this scene before, in his previous life, he had arranged a similar examination room for him to play with.
不是说布局完全相同，而是有些常规设置和一些特别设置，一看就是他闻笛师父的手法。
It's not that the layout is exactly the same, but there are some general settings and some special settings, which at first glance are the techniques of his master Wendi.
这就好像你和某个人长期住在一起，对方又布置了一套房子，你去参观，发现那里虽然格局不同，但里面的软装和日用品以及颜色使用、东西摆放习惯等等，你会觉得特别熟悉。
It's like if you've lived with someone for a long time, and they've set up a house, and you visit it, and you find that although the layout is different, you will feel very familiar with the soft furnishings and daily necessities inside, as well as the use of colors, and the habits of placing things.
王叶哪怕站在这里不动，他都知道哪扇门后面会有什么样的考试题目。
Even if Wang Ye stood still here, he knew what kind of exam questions would be behind which door.
这里不是迷宫，但按照王叶对闻笛师父的了解，这里应该会有三条路线。
This is not a labyrinth, but according to Wang Ye's understanding of Master Wendi, there should be three routes here.
一条路线，被他称为基础路线，里面的知识又多又杂，特别零碎，看起来简单，实际上最难。
A route, which he called the basic route, has a lot of knowledge in it, which is particularly fragmented, and it seems simple, but in fact it is the most difficult.
第二条路线，被他称为装逼路线，这条路线里遇到的问题循序渐进，从低级到高级，除了考验基础，还会有些难题出现，如果能解决，那就显得能力很非凡。
The second route, which he called the pretending route, is that the problems encountered in this route are gradual, from low to high, in addition to testing the basics, there will be some difficult problems, if they can be solved, then the ability is extraordinary.
第三条路线，就是纯粹的专业路线，里面出现的考验都相当有深度，他只有想要寻求突破和自我折磨的时候，才会进这条路线刷一刷。
The third route is the purely professional route, and the tests in it are quite deep, and he will only enter this route when he wants to seek breakthroughs and self-torture.
既然是挑战赛，那么三条路线很可能不会再出现随意选择的情况，而是需要先过基础、再过装逼路线、最后进入专业路线。
Since this is a challenge, it is likely that the three routes will no longer be randomly selected, but will need to go through the basics first, then the pretend route, and finally enter the professional route.
不过想要进入那三条线路，他们首先就得踏上中间那条笔直的土路。
But to get into those three routes, they first had to step on the straight dirt road in the middle.
王叶毫不犹豫地就向土路走了过去。 Wang Ye walked towards the dirt road without hesitation.
只有两个小时，在其他人实力都不低的情况下，他也不敢托大，当然是能抢多少分就抢多少分，如果不能用大比分远超其他挑战者，他又有什么脸让闻笛师父为了他转校？
It's only two hours, and when the strength of other people is not low, he doesn't dare to hold it up, of course, he can grab as many points as he can, if he can't use a big score to far surpass other challengers, what face does he have to let Master Wendi transfer schools for him?
其他人一看小叶子踏上土路，他们也不再耽搁，都追了上去。
As soon as the others saw Xiao Yezi stepping on the dirt road, they didn't delay any longer, and they all chased after him.
简学、安塞姆和乐永熙还想叫住王叶一起走，可他们刚踏上土路没几秒钟，忽然就发现周围挑战者都不见了。
Jian Xue, Anselm and Le Yongxi wanted to stop Wang Ye and go together, but as soon as they stepped on the dirt road, they suddenly found that the challengers around them were gone.
王叶心态特别轻松，因为这条验心之路他已经走过一次。
Wang Ye's mentality is very relaxed, because he has already walked this road of mind examination once.
在这里，被考验者的记忆会被临时封锁，被考验者会意识不到自己进入了幻境，从而表现出自己最真实的一面。
Here, the memory of the tested person will be temporarily blocked, and the tested person will not realize that he has entered the illusion, so as to show his truest side.
王叶看着在他面前出现的老人，很高兴他的记忆还完整存在，这说明他的精神力已经强到幻境的能量无法影响他的程度。
Wang Ye looked at the old man who appeared in front of him, and was very happy that his memory was still intact, which showed that his spiritual power was already strong enough that the energy of the illusion could not affect him.
老人站在一栋建筑物门口哀求着王叶，希望王叶这个高贵的药师大人能救救他的孙子。
The old man stood at the door of a building and begged Wang Ye, hoping that Wang Ye, the noble medicine master, could save his grandson.
老人的孙子就躺在建筑物旁的土地上，身下垫着一张脏兮兮的席子，浑身都是烧伤，因为没有照顾好，伤口已经流脓腐烂，还没靠近就一股难闻的臭味。
The old man's grandson was lying on the ground next to the building, with a dirty mat under him, covered in burns, and because he had not taken care of it, the wound had been pus and rotten, and before he could get close, there was a foul smell.
而貌似小孩父母的人就在那儿照顾小孩。小孩母亲身上还背着一个更小的孩子。
And the people who seem to be the parents of the children are there to take care of the children. The child's mother was carrying an even smaller child on her back.
这一家从衣着就能看出他们的贫穷。 The poverty of this family can be seen by the clothing.
小孩已经疼得昏厥过去，这对他反而是好事。 The child had already fainted in pain, which was a good thing for him.
严重烧伤最可怕的一点就是疼痛，很多烧伤病人如果没有止痛药都无法渡过最初的愈合期。
One of the most frightening aspects of severe burns is the pain, and many burn patients are unable to get through the initial healing period without painkillers.
而人的肌肤看似脆弱，实际上却抵挡了对人类的大部分侵害。
And human skin seems fragile, but in fact it resists most of the aggression that inflicts on humans.
这种大面积烧伤，就是在地球都非常难治。 This kind of large-scale burn is very difficult to treat even on earth.
在双月星，如果配合魔法药剂和治疗术，会出现奇迹一般的快速康复。
In the Twin Moon Stars, if combined with magic potions and healing techniques, there will be a miraculous quick recovery.
但别忘了闻笛教授的要求，他要求在挑战赛中不允许使用治疗术。
But don't forget Professor Wendi's request, who asked that healing techniques not be allowed in the Challenge.
那么接下来他要怎么办？ So what's next for him?
有人从建筑物里出来，建筑物的牌匾上写着“药师公会蓝城分公会”等字样。
Someone came out of the building, and the plaque of the building read "Pharmacist Guild Blue City Branch" and other words.
那位药师出来就对王叶说道：“你就是来报考中级药师职称的小叶子吗？我们准备了三个病人，你可以挑选一个，随便哪一个，只要你能治疗好，你就能拿到中级资格。”
The pharmacist came out and said to Wang Ye: "Are you Xiao Yezi who came to apply for the intermediate pharmacist title?" We have prepared three patients, you can pick one, whichever one, as long as you can treat well, you can get the intermediate qualification. ”
王叶侧头看向那对祖孙。 Wang Ye looked sideways at the pair of grandchildren.
那名药师皱皱眉：“他们不是我们公会给你准备的病人，那小孩的烧伤太严重，普通药物根本治不好，得使用魔法药剂或找治疗师。可你看那对祖孙，他们别说付魔法药剂和治疗师的费用，就是普通药物，他们都买不起。”
The pharmacist frowned: "They are not the patients that our guild prepared for you, that child's burns are too serious, ordinary medicine can't cure them at all, you have to use magic potions or find a healer." But look at the pair of grandchildren, not to mention paying for magic potions and healers, even ordinary medicines, they can't afford them. ”
药师叹息：“我知道你年龄小，看他们很可怜，甚至觉得我们公会会不会太冷血。但我们药师公会也有公会的规矩，如果谁来，我们都救助，那以后……”
The pharmacist sighed: "I know that you are young, and I look at them very pitiful, and even think that our guild will not be too cold-blooded. But our Pharmacist Guild also has the rules of the guild, if anyone comes, we will help, then ......"
药师摇摇头，“我不想说什么人性贪婪的问题，但当你免费治疗了一个人，就会有第二个人希望你能免费治疗他，当你免费治疗了十个人，那么就不会再有人愿意付报酬给你。因为大家会说，凭什么某某就能得到免费治疗，我们就不能？凭什么我们钱多就要被宰？而如果你在那时候拒绝再免费治疗别人，那么不但不会有人念着你以前的好，反而会认为你变成了坏人。所以该立的规矩必须一开始就立下。如果谁私人愿意救助，那就是谁私人的事，你明白了吗？”
The pharmacist shook his head, "I don't want to say anything about human greed, but when you treat one person for free, there will be a second person who wants you to treat him for free, and when you treat ten people for free, then no one will be willing to pay you again." Because people will say, why can so-and-so get free treatment, but we can't? Why should we be slaughtered when we have more money? And if you refuse to treat others for free at that time, then not only will no one think that you were good before, but will think that you have become a bad person. Therefore, the rules that should be established must be established from the beginning. If someone is willing to bail out, it's someone's private business, you see? ”
王叶点头，他非常明白这个道理。 Wang Ye nodded, he understood this truth very well.
“那现在你是跟我进去见公会给你准备的三个病人，还是留下来帮助这对祖孙？”药师似随口问道。
"Then now are you going to go in with me to meet the three patients that the guild has prepared for you, or will you stay and help this pair of grandchildren?" The pharmacist asked casually.
王叶叹息：“我大概能猜出来后面会发生什么样的事。”
Wang Ye sighed: "I can probably guess what will happen later." ”
“哦？” "Oh?"
“如果我出手救治那个男孩，马上周围就会冒出一堆更可怜的伤患和病人恳求我治疗，他们会围着我，不断哭求我。如果我扛不住继续出手，只会有越来越多的病人出现，直到我受不了地拒绝。而那时候我大概就会遇到各种丑恶的人性，比如有人痛骂我，说不定还会有人因为我先救治别人，没有先救治他和他的亲人，就会捅我一刀。”
"If I had come to the boy's aid, there would have been a bunch of even more pitiful wounded and sick people begging me to treat him, and they would surround me and cry and beg me. If I can't bear it, more and more patients will show up, until I can't stand it. At that time, I will probably encounter all kinds of ugly human nature, such as someone scolding me, maybe someone will stab me because I didn't treat someone else first, and didn't treat him and his relatives first. ”
药师似笑非笑：“看不出来你小小年纪，倒是很通透。那么你打算看着那个男孩死去吗？他就要死了，而你有能力救他。”
The pharmacist smiled: "I can't tell that you are young, but you are very transparent." So are you going to watch that boy die? He is going to die, and you have the power to save him. ”
王叶转身面向那个跪在他们旁边苦苦哀求的老人。 Wang Ye turned to face the old man who was kneeling beside them and pleading.
老人一看王叶转过头，脸上立刻露出期盼的神情。 When the old man saw Wang Ye turn his head, his face immediately showed a look of expectation.
王叶平静地道：“我可以治疗他，但你们能付出什么样的代价？”
Wang Ye said calmly: "I can treat him, but what price can you pay?" ”
老人毫不犹豫地说道：“只要大人能救我孙子，我愿意当牛做马，让我做什么都行！”
The old man said without hesitation: "As long as the adults can save my grandson, I am willing to be a cow and a horse, and let me do anything!" ”
王叶摇摇手指：“我不要你当牛做马，我要金币。你现在没有没关系，不过我们可以签订一个魔法契约，以后你和你的孙子，包括你和你孙子的直系血脉，只要他们赚到钱，就必须把其中的一半付给我，直到偿还完欠债。”
Wang Ye shook his finger: "I don't want you to be a cow or a horse, I want gold coins." It doesn't matter if you don't have it now, but we can sign a magical contract that will pay me half of the money you and your grandson, including your and your grandson's direct bloodline, as long as they earn money, until the debt is paid. ”
王叶直白道：“而你孙子的伤势如此严重，想要治好他，至少需要两百金币。”
Wang Ye said bluntly: "And your grandson's injury is so serious, if you want to cure him, you need at least two hundred gold coins." ”
老人嘴唇颤抖，几番犹豫，终于还是说道：“请大人救他，我们愿意签订这个还债契约。”
The old man's lips trembled, and after a few hesitations, he finally said, "Please save him, we are willing to sign this debt repayment contract." ”
“不！等等。”小孩的父母却有不同意见。 "Nope! Wait a minute. The parents of the children disagreed.
他们还有其他孩子要养，老人也还有其他儿女和直系血脉，如果让他们知道老人签订了这样一个契约，就算不埋怨死老人，也会恨死他们一家。
They have other children to raise, and the old man also has other children and direct blood, if they know that the old man has signed such a contract, even if he doesn't blame the old man, he will hate their family to death.
就为了一个快要死掉的儿子，就让他们家背上两百金币的巨债吗？
Just for the sake of a son who is about to die, will they let their family bear a huge debt of two hundred gold coins?
小孩的父母扑到了王叶面前，小孩母亲不住哭求，述说他们的贫穷和他们的困难，表示他们愿意当王叶的奴仆。
The child's parents threw themselves in front of Wang Ye, and the child's mother cried and begged, telling them about their poverty and their difficulties, and expressing their willingness to be Wang Ye's slaves.
王叶摇头，他不需要奴仆。 Wang Ye shook his head, he didn't need a slave.
“为什么你不愿意救我的孩子？为什么你就这么死要钱？我们一家都愿意当你奴隶了？你这个小孩小小年纪为什么这么心狠？明明救一个人对你们这种超凡者来说根本就是轻而易举的事！”小孩的母亲疯狂喊叫。
"Why are you unwilling to save my child? Why do you just die like this and ask for money? Our family is willing to be your slave? Why are you so ruthless at such a young age? Saving someone is a no-brainer for transcendents like you! The child's mother shouted frantically.
“你们这些恶毒的人，为什么你们有能力不能帮助我们这些没有能力的人？难道我们想要出生就是这样吗？”
"You wicked people, why can't you help those of us who are powerless? Is that what we want to be born like? ”
“我们也在拼命干活，可我们还是天天都吃不饱穿不暖，生病也不敢去找药师买药。我们活得这么辛苦，可我们才得到多少报酬？”
"We are also working hard, but we still don't have enough food and clothing every day, and we don't dare to go to the pharmacist to buy medicine when we are sick. We live so hard, but how much do we get paid? ”
“为什么你们这些超凡者不帮助我们？为什么！” "Why don't you transcendents help us? Why! ”
王叶毫无触动，他上辈子已经触动过了，那时候他因为小时候过得不好的缘故，可是和这些人产生了深深的共鸣。
Wang Ye was untouched, he had been touched in his previous life, at that time because he had a bad life when he was a child, but he had a deep resonance with these people.
现在，在他知道这就是一场心性测试还已经经历过一次的情况下，想要让他再产生触动基本就不可能了。
Now, knowing that this is a mental test and has already gone through it once, it is basically impossible to make him feel it again.
这场测试没有什么正确答案，闻笛师父大概也只是想要看看他看中的弟子在遇到这种头疼事后会如何处理、如何看待、心态又会如何变化。
There was no right answer to this test, and Master Wendi probably just wanted to see how his favorite disciple would deal with it, how he would look at it, and how his mentality would change after encountering such a headache.
另外就是借此了解弟子的性格，包括三观，这样，闻笛师父才能知道这个弟子是不是适合他，也方便他后期因材施教。
In addition, it is to understand the character of the disciple, including the three views, so that Master Wendi can know whether the disciple is suitable for him, and it is also convenient for him to teach according to his aptitude in the future.
上辈子进入验心之路时，他还没有学习魔法，草药学也学得一般，他根本没有能力帮助那个男孩，治疗术也因为考试缘故暂时被封，最后他代替这一家子向药师公会付了高昂的治疗费和药剂费。
When he entered the path of mind examination in his previous life, he had not yet learned magic, and he had learned herbal medicine in general, he had no ability to help the boy at all, and the healing technique was temporarily blocked because of the exam, and finally he paid the high treatment fee and potion fee to the Apothecary Guild on behalf of this family.
这一家子对他千恩万谢，男孩被救醒后还跑来说要给他当奴隶，他没要。
The family was so grateful to him that after the boy was rescued, he ran to say that he wanted to be a slave for him, but he didn't.
那时，他的心灵很满足。虽然后面跑出来一堆人恳求他，也请他出手帮忙，在他表示无力也没钱帮他们后，那些人对他破口大骂怨恨至极，让他很是膈应了一段时间。
At that time, his soul was content. Although a bunch of people ran out from behind him and begged him to help, after he said that he had no power or money to help them, those people scolded him and resented him so much that he was very embarrassed for a while.
最让他崩溃的是，在他出去后，他闻笛师父是真的收了他两百金币的治疗费，他根本掏不出来，好长一段时间都不得不当药人和种植药材来还债。
What made him most devastated was that after he went out, he heard that Master Di really charged him two hundred gold coins for treatment, and he couldn't pay it out at all, so he had to work as a medicine man and grow medicinal herbs for a long time to pay off his debts.
现场，更多的人从四周冒出来，他们围着王叶，要么哭求，要么指责他。
At the scene, more people came out from all around, and they surrounded Wang Ye, either crying and begging, or accusing him.
如果一般真九岁小孩子遇到这种阵仗，恐怕不是吓得跑进药师公会，就是哭出来了。要么就不管不顾地胡乱救一通，要么就愤怒得什么都不管。
If a nine-year-old child encounters this kind of battle, I'm afraid he will either run into the Pharmacist Guild in fright, or cry. Either they just don't care about it, or they are so angry that they don't care about anything.
“好，我治疗他。不要你们付出两百金币的代价，不过我需要有人献出自己的生命和灵魂，只要一个就可以。你们谁愿意？”王叶恶劣无比地提出新的条件。
"Okay, I'll treat him. I don't want you to pay the price of two hundred ducats, but I need someone to give their lives and souls, just one. Which of you would like to? Wang Ye put forward new conditions very harshly.
“你在玩弄人心！”老人愤怒地指责道。 "You're playing with people's hearts!" The old man angrily accused.
冒出来的人越来越多，这些人和老人一家不断用激烈的言语辱骂王叶。
More and more people came out, and these people and the old man's family kept insulting Wang Ye with fierce words.
那名药师就站在一边看着，似乎丝毫没有催促的意思。 The pharmacist stood and watched, as if he had no intention of urging.
王叶深吸气，再吐气，超级无奈地说：“那么你们希望我怎么做呢？免费给你们治疗？至于说给我做奴隶的话就别说了，你们连献祭自己的灵魂和生命给我都不愿意，却说要当我这个超凡者的奴隶，难道不是想要借此获得更好的生活吗？”
Wang Ye took a deep breath, exhaled again, and said super helplessly: "So what do you want me to do?" Free treatment for you? As for being a slave to me, don't you even want to sacrifice your soul and life for me, but you say that you want to be a slave to me, a transcendent being, don't you want to get a better life? ”
人群沉默又难堪。 The crowd was silent and embarrassed.
“不想全家负债，不想用生命做等价交换，我能理解，真的。换了我，我也会犹豫。让我付钱、让我欠债都可以，让我用生命和灵魂交换我亲人的命，那除非是到了再也没有办法的地步，我才会选择。而只要还有一丝希望，我都不可能用我的生命和灵魂去交换别人的活路，不是值不值得的问题，而是被留下来、被救活的那个人，只要他还有心、只要他爱我，就一定会永远活在痛苦中。”
"I don't want my whole family to be in debt, I don't want to exchange my life for an equivalent price, I can understand, really. If I were replaced, I would have hesitated. Let me pay, let me indebted, let me exchange my life and soul for the lives of my loved ones, then I will not choose unless it reaches the point where there is no other way. And as long as there is a glimmer of hope, I can't exchange my life and soul for someone else's way of life, it's not a question of whether it's worth it or not, but the person who is left behind and saved, as long as he still has a heart, as long as he loves me, he will definitely live in pain forever. ”
这可是他真真实实的体验。 It was a real experience for him.
王叶在这时候竟然露出了笑容，他说：“如果这是药师公会在考验我，我只想说两句话，面对这种情况，我想救就救，不想救就不救，谁也不能逼迫我。同样，如果我遇到类似的困境，只要还有一丝希望，我都会挣扎下去，不但要让我爱重的人活下去，我自己也会想方设法地和他一起活下去，更好地活下去！”
Wang Ye actually smiled at this time, he said: "If this is the Medicine Master Guild testing me, I just want to say two words, in the face of this situation, I can save if I want to, if I don't want to save it, I can't save it, no one can force me." In the same way, if I encounter a similar dilemma, as long as there is a glimmer of hope, I will struggle, not only to let the person I love live hard, but I myself will also try my best to live with him and live better! ”
王叶说完，就对那男孩使用了治疗术【生生不息】。 After Wang Ye finished speaking, he used the healing technique [Endless Life] on the boy.
王叶头顶的分数先是变成10分，随后就又变成了90分。
The score above Wang Ye's head first became 10 points, and then it became 90 points.
这两次跳动，明眼人都明白，最先扣除的10分，是王叶违反了闻笛教授的要求，用治疗术救了人。
These two beats, anyone with a discerning eye understands that the first 10 points deducted were Wang Ye who violated Professor Wendi's requirements and saved people with healing.
后面被加的100分，则是闻笛教授很满意王叶给出的“回答”。
The 100 points that were added later were that Professor Wen Di was very satisfied with the "answer" given by Wang Ye.
场外观众席。 Off-site auditorium.
“这孩子应该就快看破了。”巨人族超凡者学校的校长和学校的大佬说笑道。
"This kid should be about to see through it." The headmaster of the Giant Clan Transcendent School laughed with the school's boss.
“嗯，他在怀疑。他前面说的话，和提出的条件，明显在试探老人一家的反应。”
"Well, he's suspicious. What he said earlier, and the conditions he proposed, were obviously testing the reaction of the old man's family. ”
“那老人一家的表现，还有周围那些人的反应，和真正的穷人还是有一定差距的。这世上可没有几个普通人能有胆子这么跟超凡者闹腾。”
"There is still a certain gap between the performance of the old man's family and the reaction of those around him. There are not many ordinary people in this world who have the courage to make such a fuss with the transcendent. ”
“是啊。只要有一点生活经验的人都能看出来，这种验心关卡也就唬唬小孩子。”
"yes. As long as anyone with a little life experience can see it, this kind of mental test level will also bluff children. ”
“呵呵，也不一定，在记忆被封、真以为自己是来考试拿资格的情况下，说不定成年人也会陷进去。”说话的巨人大佬话锋一转：“我们要不要打赌那孩子多久能看出来？”
"Hehe, not necessarily, if your memory is sealed and you really think that you are here to take the exam to get the qualification, maybe adults will also fall into it." The giant who spoke changed his words: "Shall we bet how long it will take for that kid to see out?" ”
“这个赌还用打吗？” "Do you still need to make this bet?"
几位巨人大佬正在说笑，突然就感觉到观众席出现了剧烈骚动。
Several giants were laughing and laughing, and suddenly they felt a violent commotion in the audience.
“怎么回事？” "What's going on?"
“看光幕，看双月那个撒奇尔！” "Look at the light curtain, look at that Thatchir of the two moons!"
第221章 真实 Chapter 221: True
比起王叶的轻松，其他几人的这一关过得都很艰辛。 Compared with Wang Ye's ease, the other people had a hard time.
验心关必须要自己堪破，才能破关而出进入下一关。也就是他们必须要意识到他们的记忆力被影响了，回想起他们是来干嘛的，才算过关。
You must be able to break through the heart test level by yourself in order to break through the level and enter the next level. That is, they have to realize that their memory has been affected and remember what they are here to do, in order to pass.
所以这一关考的不止是心性，还有观察力和精神力。 Therefore, this level is not only a test of the mind, but also observation and mental power.
而其他五人既不像王叶那样还能保留原本的记忆，更是第一次经历这样的问心关卡，他们是真的被暂时屏蔽了记忆，以为自己真的正在药师公会考药师资格。
And the other five people were not like Wang Ye who could still retain their original memories, and it was the first time they had experienced such a level of conscience, they were really temporarily blocked from their memories, thinking that they were really taking the pharmacist qualification in the Pharmacist Guild.
在这种情况下，可想而知这些社会经验还不多、大半时间都生活在象牙塔里的少年们遇到这样的问题，会是多么头疼。
In this case, one can imagine how much headache these teenagers who do not have much social experience and live in ivory towers most of the time will encounter such problems.
但同样，他们也因此表现出了最真实的自我。 But in the same way, they also show their truest selves.
光幕分成了六个画面，分别播放六个人在这一关的表现。
The light curtain is divided into six screens, each showing the performance of six people in this level.
撒奇尔连理都没理那老人，还捂鼻挥手厌恶至极地把人赶开了。
Thatcher ignored the old man, covered his nose and waved his hand in disgust and drove the man away.
然后他在药师让他进去选择一个病人治疗时，就直接进入了药师公会。
Then he went straight to the Pharmacist Guild when the Pharmacist asked him to go in and choose a patient to treat.
但在他考完相应药师等级出来后，他又遇到了那家人。 But after he came out of the corresponding pharmacist level, he met the family again.
老人拿出一个盒子，说这是他们家传的宝物，希望能用来交换治疗他孙子的机会。
The old man took out a box and said that it was a family heirloom, hoping to exchange it for the opportunity to treat his grandson.
撒奇尔好奇下打开盒子看了看，发现里面竟然是半本破破烂烂的书，书名叫草药辨认术，在作者署名处写的是余生不定几个字。
Curious, Thatchir opened the box and looked at it, and found that it was half a tattered book, the title of the book was Herbal Identification, and in the author's signature was written the words "The Rest of Your Life".
撒奇尔一看到余生不定这个名字就愣住了，随后就陷入狂喜。
Thatchir was stunned at the sight of the name Uncertainty for the rest of his life, and then fell into ecstasy.
学习炼药的，谁还不知道两百多年前那位疯药王？ Who doesn't know the mad medicine king who studied medicine refining more than two hundred years ago?
撒奇尔非常想要得到这本书的全本，就问老人家中是否还有类似的书籍或祖上传下来的东西。
Eager to get the full copy of the book, Thatcher asked the old man if there were any similar books or ancestral heirlooms in his home.
老人说没有了。 The old man said no.
撒奇尔不相信，他说这里不是适合出手治疗的地方，就暂时维持住老人孙子的性命，再让老人带路去他们家里。
Thatchir didn't believe it, he said that this was not a suitable place for treatment, so he temporarily maintained the life of the old man's grandson, and then let the old man lead the way to their house.
撒奇尔跟到老人家里后，就把这一家人全都禁锢起来，直接就出手折磨这家的小孩子，以此逼问老人和家中其他成年人，他们手上是否还有其他祖传之物。
After Thatcher followed the old man's house, he imprisoned the whole family and tortured the children of the family to force the old man and the other adults in the family to ask if they had any other ancestral heirlooms.
“他怎么能这样！”无数学生目瞪口呆。 "How could he do this!" Countless students were dumbfounded.
“我不相信，我不相信撒奇尔少爷是这样的人。”这是喜欢撒奇尔的女孩子。
"I don't believe it, I don't believe that Young Master Thatcher is such a person." This is the girl who likes Thatcher.
场外观众就这么把撒切尔的所作所为从头看到了尾。 The audience outside the stadium just saw what Thatcher did from beginning to end.
双月的学生有人捂脸不忍心看下去，有的是羞于看下去，还有人的直接破口大骂。
他们可以容忍和接受撒奇尔去谋夺疯药王的传承，但他们无法容忍和接受撒奇尔竟然用这么恶毒的手段！
这得多歹毒的人才能对那么小的孩子下那样的毒手？
而且撒奇尔折磨起人来可是半点犹豫都没有，他看起来甚至乐在其中，手法也特别熟练，明显不是第一次干这种歹毒事。
某贵宾室已经两次派出人，要求停止光幕播放，或者停止这场挑战赛，但被大赛方拒绝了。
撒埃德气得半死，他想做什么，却被室内某人一个眼神就钉在了原地。
“真是又毒又蠢。”漫不经心的嘲笑声响起，“他怎么不用他那颗唯一没有换过的脑子好好想一想，如果那一家人真有疯药王的传承，他们不能交给药师公会来换取治疗机会吗？凭什么就非要在外面等着给他？”
撒埃德无法给儿子做任何解释，只能说：“也不一定就撒奇尔想不到，其他人如果遇到同样的奇遇，恐怕也会上当，这可是那位疯药王的传承。”
“那你好好看看其他人是怎么处理的吧。”这位懒得再说什么。他只不过随便扫了扫，就发现这个验心关卡摆出了不少破绽，只要仔细观察就能发现，也就是撒奇尔太蠢，才到现在什么都没看出来。
“是。”撒埃德拼命克制自己，好让自己不露出任何不应该有的情绪。
“这个闻笛确实很厉害，这样暂时遮蔽真实记忆的验心关，可不是谁都能做得出来。此人在魔法阵方面的天赋说不定比他的医药天赋更强。”这话显然不是说给撒埃德听的，只是单纯表明了这位的欣赏之意。
撒埃德没有附和，这一刻，他心中恨毒了闻笛，他恨闻笛竟然没有事先告诉他们还有验心关卡，而且还是这样让人没有丝毫准备、会暴露真实自我的验心关。
撒埃德觉得闻笛就是故意想要让他儿子在各校师生面前出丑，因为只有这样，他才有理由拒绝收下撒奇尔。
光幕中，东泉的乐永熙在犹豫过后还是治疗了那名男孩。
不过他没有使用治疗术，而是他出面跟药师公会协商，让老人把男孩抱进药师公会，他再跟药师公会购买了相关药材——他发现自己身上竟然没带钱，也没有储物工具，这位当时的表情很有意思，似乎相当疑惑不解。
乐永熙先接了一个炼制药剂的任务，炼制出来后再用任务报酬换取需要的药材，再用这些药材制作了一份治疗烧伤的魔药和一瓶恢复气血的魔药，治好了那名男孩。
乐永熙没跟老人索要任何报酬。 Le Yongxi did not ask the old man for any payment.
老人对乐永熙千恩万谢，同样也拿出一个盒子，还说他原本不想拿出来，但他不知道该如何报答乐永熙，思考再三，还是决定把这个传家之宝赠送给乐永熙。
The old man thanked Le Yongxi for his kindness, and also took out a box, saying that he didn't want to take it out, but he didn't know how to repay Le Yongxi, and after thinking twice, he decided to give this heirloom to Le Yongxi.
不过盒子打开，里面的破书只有上半本，还有一半没了。
However, when the box was opened, only the first half of the broken book was inside, and the other half was gone.
乐永熙看到书名同样很激动，就问老人下半本在哪里。 Le Yongxi was also very excited when he saw the title of the book, so he asked the old man where the second half was.
老人说家里传下来时没有下半本。 The old man said that there was no second half of the book when it was handed down at home.
乐永熙表示很可惜，但也没再多追问，就这么让老人一家离开。
Le Yongxi said that it was a pity, but he didn't ask any more questions, so he let the old man's family leave.
等乐永熙从药师公会出来，就被一大群人围住，那些人都在恳求乐永熙救人。
When Le Yongxi came out of the Pharmacist Guild, he was surrounded by a large group of people, who were all begging Le Yongxi to save people.
乐永熙……想要施展魔法离开，却怎么都无法摆脱那些人。
Le Yongxi...... I want to use my magic to leave, but I can't get rid of those people.
乐永熙看到了各种各样极为可怜的病患，有小婴儿，有小女孩，有老人，有孕妇，他们每个人看起来都非常无助，且急需别人的帮助。
Le Yongxi saw all kinds of extremely poor patients, including small babies, little girls, old people, and pregnant women, each of whom seemed very helpless and in desperate need of help.
乐永熙返身回去了药师公会，开始不断接任务，以此换取药材和成品药物，然后拿出去救治那些可怜人。
Le Yongxi turned around and went back to the Pharmacist Guild and began to take on tasks constantly, in exchange for medicinal materials and finished medicines, and then took them out to treat those poor people.
期间他几次摸到自己的手腕，总觉得那里应该有一个空间储物手镯，却想不起来他为什么会把手镯取下来。
During this time, he touched his wrist several times, and always felt that there should be a space storage bracelet there, but he couldn't remember why he took it off.
西顿的安塞姆从头到尾都没有理会老人一家。 Anselm of Sidon ignored the old man's family from beginning to end.
这位全程冷漠脸的进入药师公会考试，考完出来，无视老人一家和那些围上来恳求的人，直接飞走。
This indifferent face entered the Pharmacist Guild exam all the way, and after the exam, he ignored the old man's family and those who surrounded him and pleaded, and flew away directly.
就连老人说有家传之宝，都没能让他停下离开的脚步。 Even the old man said that he had a family heirloom, but he couldn't stop him from leaving.
这就是个除了自己的目的，其他多余事情都不怎么关心的人。
This is a person who doesn't care much about anything other than his own purpose.
这种人很适合做研究，但也因为他们对其他人的共感较浅，很容易走偏路，对于这种类型的学生，指导者就需要特别小心。
This type of person is very suitable for research, but also because they have less empathy for other people and are prone to going astray, and for this type of student, the instructor needs to be especially careful.
安塞尔在回去学校的路上，越飞越慢，他发现周围的景色不对，随后想起那家药师公会的名字。
蓝城？ Blue City?
蓝城在哪儿？ Where is the Blue City?
他为什么会跑到蓝城的药师公会考药师资格？ Why did he go to the Pharmacist Guild in Blue City to take the pharmacist qualification?
临渊的简学同样选择把老人和他孙子带入药师公会，用了和乐永熙差不多的方法弄到药材，继而炼制药剂，救治了那个男孩，但简学要求老人和醒来的男孩签订一份奴隶契约，以此交换他出手的代价。
Lin Yuan's Jian Xue also chose to bring the old man and his grandson into the Pharmacist Guild, and used a similar method to Le Yongxi to get the medicinal materials, and then refined the potion to save the boy, but Jian Xue asked the old man to sign a slave contract with the boy who woke up in exchange for the price of his action.
老人就拿出了那本疑似疯药王著作的药典，交换他和孙子的自由。而这本药典，同样只有半部。
简学收下了这半部药典，并表示愿意出大价钱买下半部。
Jian Xue accepted this half of the pharmacopoeia and expressed his willingness to pay a large price to buy the second half.
老人同样说没有。 The old man said no, too.
简学跟踪老人一家回家，在他们家找了很久，什么都没找到，最后失望离开。
Jian Xue followed the old man's family home, searched for a long time at their house, found nothing, and finally left disappointed.
简学离开老人家后，忽然不知道他该去哪里了。 After Jian Xue left the old man's house, he suddenly didn't know where he should go.
他还记得他是出来比赛的……比赛？不是考药师资格？ He still remembers him coming out to compete...... Race? Not a pharmacist qualification?
等等，这里是哪里？他为什么会跑到这里来考试？ Wait, where is this? Why did he come here to take the exam?
还有一个双月的巴迪，这位就是个憨憨，老人跟他哭求，他就跟老人说他不会治疗术，而他身上没带一个铜币，本身也穷，无法跟药师公会赊账。
There is also a two-month Buddy, this is a fool, the old man cried to him, he told the old man that he didn't know how to heal, and he didn't have a copper coin on him, and he was too poor to take credit with the Pharmacist Guild.
药师提醒他，他如果真想救人，可以先在公会里做任务，赚到报酬后再在公会里买药材。
The pharmacist reminded him that if he really wanted to save people, he could do tasks in the guild first, and then buy medicinal herbs in the guild after earning compensation.
结果这位憨憨瞅瞅那男孩，非常憨直地道：“来不及了，我任务没做完，恐怕他就死了。”
As a result, this Han Han looked at the boy and said very straightforwardly: "It's too late, I haven't finished my task, I'm afraid he will die." ”
药师又给出新的建议，说他可以先跟药师公会赊账购买药材，先救治男孩，然后再偿还欠公会的债务。
The pharmacist gave a new suggestion, saying that he could buy medicinal herbs on credit with the Pharmacists' Guild first, treat the boy first, and then repay the debt owed to the guild.
巴迪听完，就很困惑地道：“我为什么非要救他们？我跟他们非亲非故，他们又不能给我任何好处，我费那工夫干嘛？他们可怜，我也很可怜好吧，我明明不想和撒奇尔组队，现在却不得不和他组队。哎，奇怪，我怎么会突然想到那个家伙？”
When Buddy heard this, he was puzzled and said, "Why do I have to save them?" I'm not related to them, and they can't give me any benefits, so why should I bother with all my work? They're pitiful, I'm pitiful too, I don't want to team up with Thatcher, but now I have to team up with him. Hey, weird, how did I suddenly think of that guy? ”
然后巴迪就一路困惑着，不再理会那名老人和药师，自己走进了药师公会，并开始考试。
Then Buddy was confused all the way, ignored the old man and the pharmacist, walked into the pharmacist guild by himself, and began the exam.
场外观众有好些人笑得不行，更有一堆人在等着看这个憨憨恢复记忆后，会是什么表情。
There were many people in the audience outside the venue who couldn't laugh, and a bunch of people were waiting to see what this Hanhan would look like after recovering his memory.
等巴迪考完出来，他又遇见了那个老人。 When Buddy came out of the exam, he met the old man again.
等老人拿出药典恳求巴迪出手救治他孙子，巴迪的神情就更疑惑了。
When the old man took out the pharmacopoeia and begged Buddy to help him save his grandson, Buddy's expression became even more confused.
这位憨憨有问题就问：“你有这本药典，干嘛不直接和药师公会做交易？”
This Han Han asked when he had a question: "You have this pharmacopoeia, why don't you directly trade with the Pharmacist Guild?" ”
老人表示他不相信药师公会的人。 The old man stated that he did not trust the people of the Medicine Masters Guild.
巴迪当时的表情特别诧异、特别不解，他指着自己的鼻子说：“那你就相信我这个陌生人？我自己都不相信我自己。现在你拿出这本疑似疯药王的著作，我已经快控制不住自己了，你再不走，我就要出手抢了。”
Buddy's expression was particularly surprised and puzzled, and he pointed to his nose and said, "Then you believe me as a stranger?" I don't believe in myself myself. Now that you take out this book that is suspected to be a mad drug king, I can't control myself anymore, if you don't leave, I'm going to rob it. ”
老人：“……” Old man: "......"
巴迪见老人不走，他走了。一边走一边嘀咕，说这肯定是谁在故意整他。
When Buddy saw that the old man was not leaving, he left. As he walked, he muttered that it must be someone who was deliberately manipulating him.
等出去后被人围住，他更加确定自己被人整了，拔腿就跑。
When he went out, he was surrounded by people, and he was even more sure that he was being straightened out, so he ran away.
一边跑他还一边喊着某几个学生的名字，质问是不是他们在搞鬼。
As he ran, he shouted the names of some of the students, asking if they were doing ghosts.
场外，那几个被巴迪喊到名字的学生都笑疯了。 Outside the arena, the students who were called by Buddy's name laughed like crazy.
“咦，你们看，巴迪似乎从验心关卡里走出来了，他进入了下一个关卡。”
"Hey, you see, Buddy seems to have walked out of the psychic level, and he's moved on to the next level."
光幕中，巴迪因为过于疑惑，终于触发了记忆按钮，唤醒了自己的真实记忆，当真实记忆回来，他就从验心关卡里出来了。
In the light curtain, Buddy was too confused, and finally triggered the memory button, awakening his true memory, and when the real memory returned, he came out of the mind test level.
他也是继小叶子之后，从验心关卡脱离出来的第二个人。
He is also the second person after Xiao Yezi to break away from the heart verification level.
王叶从药师公会出来，也遇到老人拿着疯药王的半本著作要送给他。
Wang Ye came out of the Pharmacist Guild and also met an old man with half of the book of the Mad Medicine King to give to him.
当王叶看清那半本破书的名字，特别无语。 When Wang Ye saw the name of the half of the broken book, he was speechless.
闻笛师父这是多推崇疯药王，连考验弟子的验心关，都要把疯药王的著作拉出来亮个相。
Master Wendi admires the Mad Medicine King so much that he even tests the disciples' heart test, and he has to pull out the Mad Medicine King's writings to make an appearance.
王叶忍不住想到，如果闻笛师父知道他已经得到真正的疯药王传承，并看到疯药王本魂就待在他的空间里，不知道闻笛师父会露出什么样的表情？
Wang Ye couldn't help but think that if Master Wen Di knew that he had obtained the true Mad Medicine King inheritance, and saw that the Mad Medicine King's original soul was staying in his space, I don't know what kind of expression Master Wen Di would show?
王叶把那半本破书抛还给老人，表示不认识这个著作者，还满是嫌弃地说这本书不但破烂，还只有半本，他不想要。
Wang Ye threw back the half of the broken book to the old man, saying that he didn't know the author, and said with disgust that the book was not only tattered, but only half a copy, and he didn't want it.
老人：“……” Old man: "......"
王叶想到等会儿走出药师公会，肯定会被一堆人堵住，他真不想再经历一遍被众多人跪求的经历，就直接表露出疑惑神情。
Wang Ye thought that when he walked out of the Pharmacist Guild after a while, he would definitely be blocked by a bunch of people, and he really didn't want to go through the experience of being begged by many people again, so he directly expressed his doubts.
说道：“刚才我就觉得不对劲，这一切都太不自然了，我先还以为是药师公会特别安排的考验，可现在想想，药师公会有那么闲吗？不但要考验技能，还要考验人品，又不是收徒弟……啊！”
said: "I felt something was wrong just now, all this was too unnatural, I thought it was a test specially arranged by the Pharmacist Guild, but now that I think about it, is the Pharmacist Guild so idle?" It is not only a test of skills, but also a test of character, and it is not an apprentice...... Yes! ”
王叶做出了一个恍然大悟的神色，随后，他就被送出验心关卡，来到了第二关。
Wang Ye made a look of sudden realization, and then he was sent out of the heart test level and came to the second level.
王叶：闻笛师父其实是在对我放水吧，我就不信他没有察觉我的记忆压根就没有消失。
Wang Ye: Master Wendi is actually releasing water on me, I don't believe that he didn't notice that my memory didn't disappear at all.
“恢复记忆”的王叶用一个小魔法“反光术”看了下头顶的分数，更是不禁暗笑。
Wang Ye, who "recovered his memory", used a small magic "reflection technique" to look at the score above his head, and couldn't help but smile secretly.
他闻笛师父还真是……也不怕别人看出来。 He really ...... when he heard the flute I'm not afraid of others seeing it.
明明提出了那么严苛的转校要求，却又处处给他放水。 obviously put forward such strict requirements for transferring schools, but he was given water everywhere.
他就不信，他跟闻笛师父都说了上辈子跟他学习过的事，闻笛师父会不知道他经历过同样的关卡？
He didn't believe it, he told Master Wen Di about what he had learned from him in his previous life, would Master Wen Di not know that he had gone through the same level?
只要闻笛师父有心，他完全可以改变这些关卡的主要内容，但就这个问心关来看，他闻笛师父大概是一步都没改。
As long as Master Wendi has a heart, he can completely change the main content of these levels, but judging from this questioning level, he Master Wendi probably hasn't changed a single step.
虽然这时候拿出来的考验关卡，肯定和十多年以后的不一样，但他相信至少八成内容都差不多。
Although the test level taken out at this time is definitely different from that of more than ten years later, he believes that at least eighty percent of the content is similar.
他真的太明白闻笛师父的心意了，九成九是又想摸摸他的底，又舍不得真的难住他。
He really understands Master Wendi's intentions too well, and nine out of ten want to touch his bottom again, but he is reluctant to really stump him.
王叶不知道其他人的情况怎么样，但他想撒奇尔在这关恐怕要暴露一些本性了，除非他的观察力特别强，能早早找到破绽，从而在他暴露本性前找回他是来比赛的记忆。但撒奇尔能吗？
Wang Ye didn't know what the situation of the others was, but he thought that Sakir might have to expose some of his true nature in this level, unless his observation was particularly strong and he could find the flaw early, so as to retrieve the memory that he came to the game before he exposed his true nature. But can Thatcher?
很快，继王叶和巴迪之后，乐永熙、简学、安塞姆也都通过一些破绽，找到验心关卡中某些不合理之处，从而唤醒了自己的真实记忆，脱离验心关，进入了下一个关卡。
Soon, following Wang Ye and Buddy, Le Yongxi, Jian Xue, and Anselm also found some irrationalities in the mind test level through some flaws, thus awakening their true memories, breaking away from the heart test level, and entering the next level.
现在就只剩下一个撒奇尔他还在折磨那家人。 Now there was only one Thatcher left, and he was still tormenting the family.
当那家人只剩下那名老人，撒奇尔像是终于相信剩下的半本药典是真的不在这家人手中，他对老人施展了火球术，一个又一个小火球砸在老人身上，焚烧他。
When only the old man was left in the family, Thatchir seemed to finally believe that the remaining half of the pharmacopoeia was really not in the hands of the family, and he cast a fireball spell on the old man, and one small fireball after another smashed on the old man and incinerated him.
明明，他可以施展威力更大的火系魔法，一气把老人烧成灰烬，让老人死个痛快，但他就不。
Obviously, he could cast a more powerful fire magic to burn the old man to ashes in one go, and make the old man die a happy death, but he didn't.
场外的观众们都看不下去了，这他妈就是一个彻底的变态。
The audience outside the stadium couldn't stand it, this is a complete fucking pervert.
说他是变态都是侮辱变态这个词！ To say that he is a pervert is to insult the word pervert!
这就是一个人渣！ This is a scumbag!
偏偏这个人渣还蠢得到现在都不知道他是处在验心关中。
It's just that this scumbag is so stupid that I don't know that he is in the middle of a heart test.
可能验心关中的自我感知时间要比真实时间流淌得快得多。
It may be that the self-perceived time in the heart test is flowing much faster than the real time.
人渣撒奇尔似乎感到饿了，可他发现他身上没有携带储物工具，也没有狗腿子跟着他。
Scumbag Thatchir seemed to be hungry, but he found that he was not carrying storage tools with him, and there were no doglegs following him.
终于，撒奇尔感到了不对劲的地方：以他的身份，身边怎么可能没人跟着侍候和守护？
Finally, Thatcher felt that something was wrong: with his identity, how could there be no one around to wait and guard?
撒奇尔喊了一个人的名字，可没有任何人冒出来。 Thatchir called out a man's name, but no one came out.
撒奇尔震惊之下，又回到了那家药师公会，他也终于注意到这家药师公会的名字。
Shocked, Thatcher returned to the Apothecary Guild, and he finally noticed the name of the Apothecary's Guild.
蓝城。 Blue City.
一个完全陌生的名字。 A completely unfamiliar name.
一个又一个疑点串联起来，撒奇尔的真实记忆终于被触发。
One suspicion after another is connected, and Thatcher's true memories are finally triggered.
当撒奇尔从验心关里脱离出来，站在第二关卡面前时，他的脸色已经难看到无法用言语形容。
When Thatcher broke away from the heart test and stood in front of the second level, his face was hard to see and could not be described in words.
第222章 影响 Chapter 222: Impact
情绪和心态会直接影响到一个人的真实实力。 Emotions and mindset can directly affect a person's true strength.
这点在竞技类项目尤其明显，有些人明明有很强大的实力，却因为心态问题，平时训练成绩特别好，一上赛场就垮。
This is especially evident in competitive events, where some people obviously have a very strong strength, but because of mentality problems, they usually have very good training results, and they collapse as soon as they get on the field.
现在同样是比赛，还是事关名誉和拜师的挑战赛。 Now it's also a competition, and it's also a challenge about reputation and apprenticeship.
六个人从验心关出来，除了王叶最为轻松，其他五人多少都受到了一点影响。
The six people came out of the heart test, except for Wang Ye, who was the most relaxed, the other five people were somewhat affected.
尤其在他们收到一句声音提醒，恭喜他们突破第一关验心关，即将进入第二关基础知识关。
Especially when they received a voice reminder, congratulations on breaking through the first level of the heart test, and are about to enter the second level of basic knowledge.
那竟然是验心关！ That's a heart test!
现在五个人都希望验心关只是一场幻觉，所有表现只有自己知道，而场外观众看到的只是他们发愣做白日梦的样子，哪怕看到他们像个癔症患者一样不停地做动作或自言自语，也好过直接看到实际影像。
Now all five of them hope that the heart test is just an illusion, that all the manifestations are known only to themselves, and that all the audience sees is that they are daydreaming, even if it is better to see them constantly making movements or talking to themselves like hysteriates, than to see the actual image directly.
可惜那个声音只跟他们说他们过了验心关，却没有告诉他们，验心关是由他们大脑产生的单纯幻觉，还是观众可以实际看到的场景设置。
It's a pity that the voice only told them that they had passed the heart test, but did not tell them whether the heart test was a simple hallucination produced by their brain, or a scene setting that the audience could actually see.
五人中西顿的安塞姆恢复最快，他仔细回忆后，觉得自己在验心关所作所为没有任何有问题的地方，特别坦然。
Of the five, Sidon's Anselm recovered the fastest, and after he recalled carefully, he felt that there was nothing wrong with what he had done in the heart test, and he was very calm.
他压根就没把老人一家当做考验的一部分放在眼里，在他看来，那老人一家也好，那药师也好，都只是自然存在物的一部分。
He didn't regard the old man's family as a part of the test at all, in his opinion, whether it was the old man's family or the pharmacist, they were just a part of the natural existence.
坦然的安塞姆就没有任何心理包袱地走入了第二关。 Anselm, who was calm, walked into the second level without any psychological baggage.
安塞姆一直都没有意识到，就因为他这种把目标以外全都视为路边杂草的淡漠态度，才导致他的指导教授对他感到心冷，觉得很可能养出了一只白眼狼，进而开始疏远他。
Anselm never realized that it was his indifference to treating everything other than the target as a roadside weed that caused his advisor to become cold to him, thinking that he might have raised a white-eyed wolf, and began to distance himself from him.
安塞姆不觉得自己的态度有问题，他觉得指导教授对他不够尽心，同时也觉得指导教授的水平不够，就很直接地想要换一个水平更好、对他能更尽心的教授。
Anselm didn't feel that there was a problem with his attitude, he felt that the supervisor was not dedicated enough to him, and at the same time, he felt that the level of the advisor was not enough, so he directly wanted to change to a professor with a better level and more dedication to him.
至于说换一所学校、换一个指导教授，会不会让别人指责他，他压根就不会去想这种事，想了也觉得无所谓。他只想追求药剂学大道，其他的都不被他放在眼里。
As for whether changing schools and changing professors will make others accuse him, he won't think about this kind of thing at all, and he doesn't care if he thinks about it. He only wants to pursue the path of pharmacy, and nothing else is in his eyes.
西顿的大佬们看到安塞姆的表现，都不禁微微皱了皱眉头。
The bigwigs of Sidon couldn't help frowning slightly when they saw Anselm's performance.
之前西顿的人看到安塞姆上挑战赛都很惊讶，因为安塞姆几乎没有参加挑战赛的必要。
The people of Sidon were surprised to see Anselm in the Challenger, because Anselm had almost no need to participate in the Challenger.
安塞姆是上一届炼药大比的第二名，虽然没能拿到第一，但全校都认可他在药剂学和制药方面的天赋，而因为参加过大比的人就不能再参加以后的同项目比试，所以安塞姆今年只是作为见习者跟了过来。
Anselm was the second place in the last alchemy competition, although he failed to get the first place, but the whole school recognized his talent in pharmacy and pharmaceuticals, and because those who participated in the competition could not participate in the same project competition in the future, Anselm only followed as an apprentice this year.
像安塞姆这样的学生跟学校要求一个跟随校队见习的名额，一般都不会被拒绝，学校也希望这些天才学生能更多一些见识。
Students like Anselm who ask the school for a place with the school team are generally not denied, and the school wants these talented students to have more knowledge.
只是安塞姆随队出发时，他的指导教授还重伤躺在床上。
但大家也没多想，甚至以为安塞姆报名随队见习，还是他教授的要求——不想弟子在自己身边浪费时间。
谁想到安塞姆竟然上了挑战赛，而且那意思很明显，他想通过挑战赛成为闻笛教授的弟子。
人往高处走水往低处流，西顿虽然不觉得自己学校就比双月差，但也能理解安塞姆为什么想要拜闻笛为师，只是这心中多少还是有些不舒服，尤其为安塞姆的指导教授感到了一点心酸。
其实双月和西顿算得上是对立关系了，因为西顿魔法学校就在银月帝国内部，收的学生也九成都是银月帝国人。
“看来这孩子这次要跟过来，九成九就已经打了想要找个适合的学校转过去的念头。”西顿副校长不太高兴地说道。
“随他吧，学校又不是军队，不会强留任何人，他想走就走。”和安塞姆的指导教授关系比较好的一位教授冷下脸。
“不要把问题都推到学生身上。”西顿校长开口了：“安塞姆也许性格有问题，但我们学校在引导学生方面就没有问题了吗？”
西顿几位大佬不说话了。
西顿副校长惭愧道：“校长说得对，我们学校不应该只注重学生们的天赋、只关注他们的专业能力，心性引导和培养上也应该多付出一点精力。”
西顿校长：“我不是在指责你们，但你们有没有发现我们学校像安塞姆这样只关注自己学习的天才学生还不少？”
西顿的大佬们细细一想，顿时心底发凉，校长说得没错，他们学校还真的有不少安塞姆这样的学生。
西顿校长当即道：“闻笛教授这个验心关很不错，我想引进进来，这事我会去找闻笛教授谈。这场挑战赛后，请诸位也想想要如何和来参赛的学生沟通。另外，不管安塞姆会不会离开，学生也就算了，我不希望教职工有人对安塞姆露出排斥之意。弄不好，就会影响一片。”
西顿大佬纷纷表示心里有数。
各校显然都最关心自己学校的挑战者，大家虽然也在分心看其他学校挑战者的表现，但只要是自己学校有挑战者的，都会忍不住盯着自己学校的挑战者看。
临渊的简学也觉得自己在验心关中的表现没太大问题，除了他偷偷跟踪老人去翻找下半部书这点。
但他没想过要害老人一家，还想着如果翻找出下半部，他就付出相应的报酬作为交换，或者和老人一家签订契约，比如帮助他们家某个小孩觉醒成为超凡者或者成为武者之类。
这位少年的三观显然不太附和主流三观，他就不认为自己偷偷跟踪别人和偷翻别人家的东西有错，但在双月星，在超凡者中，他这种想法已经属于好人流。
自认还算是个好人的简学，不高兴的是他跟踪别人和偷翻人家家里东西的模样被观众们看到，他觉得那样做很没有超凡者的格调。
但简学很快想到，如果他能打败撒奇尔，重新拿回第一名，那么这么点小事也不会有人再在意，他依然会是临渊学校学生们眼中的英雄。
给自己做好心理整理的简学，心态还算稳定地进入了第二关。
目送简学进入第二关，临渊的大佬们都纷纷点头，能稳住就是好样的。
至于那点贪心小问题……那可是疯药王的传承，大家都理解。换成是他们自己，也不可能做得更好。
而且对比起双月的那个撒奇尔，他们临渊的简学可真是好太多了，不就是跟踪和翻翻东西吗，也没影响到那家人，更没说要对那家人不利，前面简学还很干脆地就救了那家人。
这孩子真的已经很不错了。
不止临渊的师长们这样想，临渊的学生们也都觉得简学的表现很棒很出色，甚至有些原先对简学印象不太好，认为他为人过于傲气的，现在也觉得简学是个值得结交的人。
再看东泉那位乐永熙。
乐永熙站在第二关门口露出了苦笑。
他在想他是不是最后一个突破验心关的人，他也知道自己的毛病，他看似冷漠，实际最见不得别人受苦。
以前老是有人嘲笑他多管闲事，说他一个贵族子弟，却成天想着平民的生活如何。一个超凡者，却操心雨多雨少农地是否受损。
而他会想要离开东泉，也是因为他多管闲事的结果。
他和学校同学组队去做任务，途中却因为收留了一个伤者，导致他们任务差点失败，更让几个队友受了不该受的伤。
而那个伤者最后还偷偷带走了他们的任务物品。
最后乐永熙自己掏腰包补偿了所有受损失的队友，但这并没有彻底平复队友们的怒火。
偏偏类似的事情已经不是第一次发生，在学校时，有个小学妹老是缠着他，让他教导她功课、帮她做任务。
他看那个小学妹很可怜，因为那女孩一直说她哥哥姐姐对她不好，说她怎么怎么不容易，又说她很笨，做什么都做不好，别人都嘲笑她。
乐永熙就帮了那女孩，但那女孩也不知道是真的太笨，还是太懒惰或者太贪心？到最后不但作业要他帮助做、任务要他帮忙做，就连缺什么少什么都会来找他要，而且态度特别理所当然。
乐永熙终于受不了了，开始拒绝那个女孩，让她自己努力。
Le Yongxi finally couldn't stand it anymore and began to reject the girl and let her work her own.
那女孩就不高兴了，大哭大闹，在学校不断跟人哭诉，说他玩弄她的感情。
The girl was not happy, cried and fussed, and kept crying at school that he was playing with her feelings.
乐永熙听到女孩的说法和周围人的指责，简直如遭晴天霹雳。
他都不知道在别人眼中，他和那女孩竟然已经是一对。
他现在拒绝对那女孩付出，在那女孩和别人眼中看来，就是他渣了那女孩，想甩掉她，是个混蛋。
He refuses to pay to that girl now, and in the eyes of that girl and others, he is a scumbag of that girl, wants to get rid of her, and is a bastard.
可他从没有对那女孩说过任何不当的话，也没有对她做出任何会让人误会的亲密举止，他只是在单纯帮助对方，他相信那女孩也明白这点。
But he never said anything inappropriate to the girl, nor did he behave in any intimate manners to her that would be misleading, he was simply helping the other person, and he believed that the girl understood this too.
可为什么她还要对众人那么说？ But why did she say that to everyone?
除此之外，乐永熙还听过不少学生在背后议论他，说他是个特别假惺惺的人，还说他表面对人好，其实根本看不起别人。
In addition, Le Yongxi has also heard many students talk about him behind his back, saying that he is a particularly hypocritical person, and that he is good to people on the surface, but in fact, he looks down on others at all.
那学妹的事，还有他救人却连累了整个团队的事，让他在学校的风评变得极差。
The matter of the school girl, as well as the fact that he saved people but affected the whole team, made his reputation in school extremely bad.
就连原本已经看中他、打算收下他的教授，也改变了主意，收了另外一个专业实力不如他、但在学生中很有威信的一个领导型学生。
Even the professor who had already taken a fancy to him and planned to accept him changed his mind and accepted another leading student who was not as strong as him in terms of professional strength but had great prestige among the students.
乐永熙觉得自己已经吃一堑长一智，可真遇到事情，他又犯了心软的毛病。
Le Yongxi felt that he had grown wise, but when he really encountered something, he made the mistake of being soft-hearted again.
想到自己的所有表现很可能被闻笛教授还有无数人看在眼中，乐永熙心里就满是苦涩。
超凡者界可不流行善心的烂好人。
在很多教授眼中，弟子人品是很重要，但如果烂好人到连累本人甚至连累他人，就不好了。
In the eyes of many professors, the character of a disciple is very important, but if a bad person is so bad that it affects himself or even others, it is not good.
就比如刚才的情况，如果教授正等着他回去，他却迟迟不归。或者在任务途中，他因为这些事情绊住手脚。那么他这样的弟子就会与麻烦挂钩，成为所有教授眼中不想收的那一类弟子。
As in the case just now, if the professor was waiting for him to go back, he didn't return. Or on the way to the mission, he stumbled over these things. Then a disciple like him will be linked to trouble and become the kind of disciple that all professors don't want to accept in the eyes of all professors.
乐永熙深呼吸几次，他的性格已经养成，他天生就是如此，他想改，但他不知道该如何改。
Le Yongxi took a few deep breaths, his character had been cultivated, he was born like this, he wanted to change, but he didn't know how to change it.
到底要如何做才能既不违背自己的良心感受，又能做到不烂好人、不连累他人的程度？
What can be done so that you don't violate your conscience and feelings, and you can do it to the extent that you don't spoil good people and don't affect others?
也许只有让自己变得更强？ Maybe it's just to make yourself stronger?
乐永熙不想被沮丧的情绪打败。 Le Yongxi didn't want to be defeated by frustration.
虽然闻笛教授很可能已经看不上他，但他还是希望能把这次挑战赛好好完成。就当给自己一个学习机会吧。
Although Professor Wen Di may not have looked down on him anymore, he still hopes to complete this challenge well. Give yourself a chance to learn.
乐永熙抹了抹眼睛，也踏入了第二关，只是谁都能看出他的脚步之沉重。
Le Yongxi wiped his eyes and stepped into the second level, but anyone could see the heaviness of his steps.
外面，有东泉的教授叹息：“乐永熙这孩子很不错，就是心理包袱太重。”
Outside, there was a professor from Dongquan who sighed: "Le Yongxi, this kid is very good, but the psychological burden is too heavy." ”
“是个好孩子。他最大的问题就是优柔寡断，哪怕看出问题，也会犹豫不决要不要处理掉，而且对人下不了狠手。”
"He's a good boy. His biggest problem is indecision, even if he sees a problem, he will hesitate to deal with it, and he can't be ruthless to people. ”
“他似乎想要离开我们学校？” "He seems to want to leave our school?"
“鲁士铭不是要收他的吗，最后没收，大概伤了那孩子的心。”
"Didn't Lu Shiming want to accept him, and finally confiscated it, probably broke the child's heart."
“咦？鲁士铭那个伪君子在搞什么？他要不想要那孩子，早说啊，我收啊！”一名穿着黑袍的东泉大佬忽然插话。
"Huh? What is Lu Shiming, that hypocrite doing? If he doesn't want that child, he said it earlier, I'll take it! A black-robed Dongquan boss suddenly interjected.
另一名黑袍大佬转头：“你不是已经有了一个弟子吗？还说不再收徒了。”
Another black-robed boss turned his head: "Don't you already have a disciple?" He also said that he would no longer accept apprentices. ”
“没看到乐永熙之前，我是不想再收徒，但现在我觉得这孩子和那小顽劣正好互补。乐永熙不是怜惜弱小吗，那小顽劣就喜欢装弱小、喜欢扮猪吃老虎，还超级懒，等我把永熙收进来，以那小子的性子，九成九会黏住永熙，也会护住他。而且永熙这孩子在炼药方面的天赋确实优秀，放跑到别的学校，太可惜！”
"Before I saw Le Yongxi, I didn't want to take in any more apprentices, but now I think this kid and that little stubborn complement each other. Doesn't Le Yongxi pity the weak, that little stubborn likes to pretend to be weak, likes to pretend to be a pig and eats a tiger, and is super lazy, when I take Yongxi in, with that kid's temperament, nine out of nine will stick to Yongxi and protect him. And Yongxi's talent in alchemy is really good, it's a pity to let him go to another school! ”
还在挑战赛中的乐永熙还不知道，等他出来，他就要多一个师父了，还是一个特别牛逼、单论炼药绝对不弱于闻笛，总之比那个鲁士铭绝对要优秀得多的师父。同时还要多出一个超超超级黏人还爱装柔弱的师兄……
Le Yongxi, who is still in the challenge, doesn't know that when he comes out, he will have one more master, or a master who is very awesome and is definitely not weaker than Wendi in terms of alchemy alone, in short, he is definitely much better than that Lu Shiming. At the same time, there must be an extra super super super sticky brother who loves to pretend to be weak......
“乐永熙，不要哭！我们挺你！”东泉的学生中忽然有人大声喊道。
"Le Yongxi, don't cry! We've got you covered! Someone among Dongquan's students suddenly shouted loudly.
随后，“乐永熙，不要哭！”的喊声不断响起。 Subsequently, "Le Yongxi, don't cry!" The shouts kept ringing out.
附近学校的学生惊讶地看向这些东泉的学生，就发现他们竟然有不少人都红了眼眶。
The students from the nearby school looked at these Dongquan students in surprise, and found that many of them had red eyes.
东泉的学生现在有不少人都在后悔，后悔他们不应该在不了解一个人的情况下，就轻易相信别人的话去抨击他、责怪他。
Many of Dongquan's students now regret that they shouldn't easily believe someone's words to criticize and blame him without knowing him.
而这场验心关，让他们看到了最真实的乐永熙。 And this heart-to-heart test allowed them to see the most real Le Yongxi.
是的，乐永熙是个烂好人，他的心太软。 Yes, Le Yongxi is a bad person, his heart is too soft.
可是这样的乐永熙不吸引人吗？不值得人们为他欢呼吗？
But isn't this kind of Le Yongxi attractive? Isn't it worth the people cheering for him?
如果没有乐永熙这样的人，如果人人都只顾自己，那样的世界又有多么可怕？
If there were no people like Le Yongxi, if everyone only cared about themselves, how terrible would that world be?
心软、愿意帮助他人的乐永熙没有错，他也没有连累任何人。
There is nothing wrong with Le Yongxi, who is soft-hearted and willing to help others, and he has not affected anyone.
坏的是被他救助后却利用他的好心的混蛋！ The bad thing is the bastard who took advantage of his kindness after being rescued by him!
为什么要把坏人的过错推到好人的头上？ Why put the fault of the bad people on the heads of the good people?
难道一个药师救了一个陌生人，那个陌生人之后杀了许多人，那药师就也有罪？
Could it be that if a pharmacist saves a stranger, and that stranger kills many people, then the pharmacist is also guilty?
同样一个学校教育了很多人，里面出现一个人渣，难道就是这所学校的所有师生都有问题？
The same school has educated a lot of people, and there is a scumbag in it, is it that all the teachers and students in this school have problems?
东泉的大佬们看学生们触动很大并对乐永熙改观，感到欣慰的同时，也不忘互相叮嘱。
The bigwigs in Dongquan were very touched by the students and changed their views on Le Yongxi, and while they were gratified, they did not forget to tell each other.
“这场挑战赛后，可要给这些学生好好上上课，别从一个极端又走到另一个极端。有好心是好事，愿意帮助他人也是好事，但同时也要学会分辨什么样的人才值得帮助，以及什么样的情况下才能伸手。”
"After this challenge, we should give these students a good lesson, and don't go from one extreme to the other. It's good to have good intentions, and it's good to be willing to help others, but at the same time, you also need to learn to discern what kind of people deserve help and under what circumstances you can reach out. ”
“这就有点难度了，这得靠经验。” "It's a bit difficult, it's a matter of experience."
“闻笛教授的这个验心关很不错，如果引进进来，做一些情景修改，让学生在里面进行一些必要的人生体验，应该可以起到一定辅助作用。”
"Professor Wen Di's heart test is very good, if it is introduced, some scenario modifications are made, and students can have some necessary life experiences in it, it should be able to play a certain auxiliary role."
“不错，可以买，等会儿我们就去找闻笛教授谈谈。” "Yes, you can buy it, and we'll talk to Professor Wendi later."
闻笛这会儿还不知道他又要有一笔生意上门，他正在和双月几位教授说话。
Wen Di didn't know that he was going to have another business coming to his door at this time, and he was talking to several professors in Shuangyue.
双月学校的师生这时心情最复杂，他们看巴迪有多开心，看撒奇尔就有多难受。不是伤心的难受，是羞于见人和愤怒的难受。
The teachers and students of the Bi-Moon School were in the most complicated mood at this time, they saw how happy Buddy was, and how uncomfortable it was to see Thatcher. It's not the discomfort of being sad, it's the discomfort of being ashamed to see people and being angry.
巴迪这个憨憨知道刚才过的是验心关后就鸵鸟一样抱住了脑袋。
Buddy, the fool, knew that he had just passed the heart test, and hugged his head like an ostrich.
他觉得自己刚才的表现肯定特别傻，他不用看外面都知道同学们是怎么嘲笑他的，尤其他那几个损友，这时肯定笑得特别大声。
He felt that his performance just now must be very stupid, he didn't have to look outside to know how his classmates laughed at him, especially his bad friends, who must have laughed very loudly at this time.
最重要的是，他好像说了不想和撒奇尔组队的大实话。 On top of that, he seems to have told the truth that he didn't want to team up with Thatcher.
可学校那么多撒奇尔的拥趸，尤其好多女孩子喜欢撒奇尔。他说了那样的话，以后还想在学校混吗？
But there are so many Thatcher fans in the school, especially many girls like Thatcher. If he said something like that, do you still want to mix in school in the future?
呜呜，以后女孩们肯定都不会再喜欢他了，说不定还要围殴他。
Woo, the girls will definitely not like him anymore in the future, and maybe they will beat him up.
他真的太惨了！ He's really miserable!
而且他还暴露了他贫穷、没钱、没储物工具的秘密，他可是炼药学院的天才啊，谁能想到他混得竟然这么惨？
And he also exposed the secret of his poverty, no money, and no storage tools, he is a genius of the Alchemy Academy, who would have thought that he would be so miserable?
脸，没了，一点都没了，他要自闭十分钟。 The face, gone, not at all, he was going to shut himself up for ten minutes.
算了，还是别自闭了，挑战赛就两个小时，现在也不知道过去了多久，再浪费十分钟，他这个挑战赛就白来了。
Forget it, don't be autistic, the challenge is only two hours, and now I don't know how long it has been, and if you waste another ten minutes, his challenge will be in vain.
巴迪深深吸气，他可没忘记他参加挑战赛的目的。 Buddy took a deep breath, he hadn't forgotten what he was doing for the challenge.
他和那个临渊的简学一样，都不服气自己输给撒奇尔。 He, like the Jianxue of the abyss, was not convinced that he had lost to Thatcher.
反正他说了那样的大实话后，以后也不可能和撒奇尔当朋友，既然如此，这场挑战赛就好好表现吧，争取把那个隔壁继承人给打趴下！
Anyway, after he told such a big truth, it is impossible to be friends with Thatcher in the future, in this case, let's perform well in this challenge, and try to beat the heir next door!
就这么决定了。巴迪踩着重重的脚步，赳赳气昂昂地冲入第二关。
So it was decided. Buddy stepped on heavy footsteps and rushed into the second level with high spirits.
外面的学生只要一看巴迪就忍不住笑。 The students outside couldn't help but laugh just by looking at Buddy.
这个憨憨真的是心理自我调节能力一流，刚刚还满身阴郁，那身上的黑线都快实质化了，转眼就又杀气腾腾地复活了。
This Han Han is really first-class in psychological self-regulation, and he was still gloomy just now, and the black lines on his body are about to materialize, and he will be resurrected murderously in a blink of an eye.
“我敢打赌，他现在肯定想着要打败撒奇尔。” "I'm willing to bet he's thinking about beating Thatcher right now."
“对！打败撒奇尔！巴迪，我们支持你！” "That's right! Defeat Thatcher! Buddy, we've got your back! ”
双月学校的学生纷纷喊起巴迪的名字，只可惜挑战赛场中的巴迪听不到，否则这个憨憨一定会兴奋死。
The students of the Bimoon School shouted Buddy's name one after another, but unfortunately Buddy in the challenge arena couldn't hear it, otherwise this Hanhan would definitely die of excitement.
说到撒奇尔，这位最后从验心关出来的被挑战者，在别人都已经进入第二关一段时间的情况下，他才站到第二关门前。
Speaking of Thatcher, the challenged person who finally came out of the heart test level, he only stood in front of the second level when everyone else had already entered the second level for a while.
时间比别人落后就不说了，他头顶顶着的分数也是最低的。
Not to mention that he is behind others in time, and the score above his head is also the lowest.
100分。 100 points.
这个分数，闻笛教授给的可真是半点不客气。 This score, Professor Wen Di gave is really unkind.
但有六位总会长和七位裁判共同监督的情况下，这个分数能显示出来，就表示这十三位裁判都认可了。
However, when there are six presidents and seven referees supervising together, this score can be displayed, which means that the thirteen judges have approved it.
所有裁判都认可的“100”分……嗯，这意思还用明说吗？
A "100" score recognized by all judges...... Well, does that still need to be said?
第223章 碾压 Chapter 223: Crushing
布鲁校长现在单独坐在一个房间，这个房间能全局看到整个会场和光幕中的情景。
Principal Blue is now sitting alone in a room with a panoramic view of the entire venue and the light curtain.
在看到撒奇尔在验心关的表现后，他就暂时不想和其他人坐在一起。
After seeing Thatcher's performance in the heart test, he didn't want to sit with the others for a while.
他想捧杀撒奇尔，想要养废这个撒奇尔，都是建立在他认为撒奇尔会成长为双月魔法学校的威胁这一基础上，所以他才会早早布局，甚至付出不小的代价，才让撒埃德相信他的诚意，同意让爱子撒奇尔到双月上学。
He wanted to kill Thatcher and raise this Thatcher, all on the basis that he thought that Thatcher would grow into a threat to the Twin Moon School of Magic, so he would make arrangements early, and even pay a lot of price, so that Saeed believed in his sincerity and agreed to let his beloved son Thatcher go to school in Twin Moon.
谁想，这个撒奇尔的真实性情竟然如此又蠢又毒。 Who would have thought that this Thatcher's true temperament would be so stupid and poisonous.
这样的隔壁帝国继承人，还要他殚精竭虑地养废他吗？ Such an heir to the empire next door, do you still want him to go to great lengths to raise him?
这明明本身就是一块废料！ This is obviously a piece of waste in itself!
隔壁的帝国继承人是一块废料这个事实，本应该是件让他开魔法陈酿庆祝的事。
The fact that the heir to the empire next door was a piece of scrap should have been a celebration for him to open a magic age.
可只要想到就因为这个又蠢又毒的隔壁继承人，他很可能就要失去学校一个异常重要的存在——闻笛后，他的心情就怎么都好不起来了。
But as long as he thought that because of this stupid and poisonous heir next door, he was likely to lose an extremely important presence in the school-after hearing the flute, his mood couldn't get any better.
布鲁校长不想承认是他自己识人不清外加筹谋失败，也许还要加上他自大的那一点，才造成现在这个让他进退两难的处境。
Principal Blue didn't want to admit that it was his own lack of knowledge, the failure of his scheme, and perhaps his arrogance that had caused him to find himself in a dilemma.
忽然，布鲁校长发出了低低的自嘲的笑声。 Suddenly, Principal Blue let out a low, self-deprecating laugh.
之前，他一直奇怪那位大帝为什么能容忍第二顺位继承人到双月学校学习，虽然双月学校和银月帝国的关系表面上还算可以，但撒尔曼大帝是什么人，他会看不出来双月学校对银月帝国的提防？
Before, he had always wondered why the Emperor could tolerate the second heir in line to study at the Double Moon School, although the relationship between the Double Moon School and the Silver Moon Empire was okay on the surface, but who was the Salman Great, he wouldn't be able to see the Double Moon School's wariness of the Silver Moon Empire?
如果撒奇尔已经年满二十岁，最少十八岁，在心性、想法、认识、谋略等方面都已经比较稳定的状态下，到只是暗中敌对的国家的超凡者学校学习一段时间，那么可以把这段学习称之为进修，也不用担心这位继承人会被影响心智。
If Thatcher has reached the age of twenty, at least eighteen, and has been relatively stable in terms of mind, thoughts, understanding, and strategy, and has studied for a period of time in the school of the transcendents in a country that is only secretly hostile, then this period of study can be called further study, and there is no need to worry that the heir will be affected in his mind.
可撒奇尔在十四岁就进入了双月学校，这个年龄也是最不稳定、最容易受影响的年龄。
But at the age of fourteen, Thatcher entered the Bi-Moon School, which is also the most unstable and vulnerable age.
如果有人对撒奇尔有什么坏心思，从他的教授到同学，大家都故意捧着他、纵着他，不督促他学习，反而成天劝他玩耍，不教他上进，只让他贪恋享乐，那不管撒奇尔是什么样的天才，都很容易被养废掉。
If someone has any bad thoughts about Thatcher, from his professors to his classmates, everyone deliberately holds him and indulges him, does not urge him to study, but persuades him to play all day long, does not teach him to be motivated, and only makes him greedy for pleasure, then no matter what kind of genius Thatcher is, it is easy to be raised and abolished.
布鲁校长想，如果他有孩子，他绝不会让孩子去银月帝国的魔法学校学习。
Headmaster Blue thought that if he had children, he would never let them go to the magic school of the Silvermoon Empire.
可明光公爵撒埃德同意了，那位大帝更是连问都没问一声。
But Duke Saeed of Mingguang agreed, and the emperor didn't even ask.
撒埃德是为了他许出的好处，也是看中闻笛这个诱饵才会最终咬钩。
Sa'ed was for the benefit he promised, and it was also because he took a fancy to the bait that Wendi would finally bite the hook.
但那位大帝呢？ But what about the Great?
现在想想，也许那位大帝早就知道这个所谓的第二顺位继承人根本不值得培养，所以才会对他去哪里学习半点不在意。
Thinking about it now, maybe the Great Emperor already knew that this so-called second heir in line was not worth cultivating at all, so he didn't care about where he went to study.
也是，那位大帝的独女虽然离世，但撒尔曼也没有老到不能再生育的程度。他才一百八十岁不到，在超凡者中完全能算得上年轻，距离超凡者三百岁的绝对衰竭期还早着呢。
Also, although the only daughter of the emperor died, Salman was not old enough to have children. He was only one hundred and eighty years old, and he could be regarded as young among the transcendents, and he was still early in the absolute exhaustion period of the three hundred years old of the transcendents.
如果撒尔曼想，他其实只要再迎娶一位王后，或者多找几个情人，想生孩子还不容易？
If Salman wanted to, in fact, he only needed to marry another queen, or find a few more lovers, and it would not be easy to have children?
布鲁校长按住眼睛，他发现单从谋略和心性上，他很可能已经输给那位大帝一筹。
Headmaster Blue pressed his eyes, and he realized that in terms of strategy and temperament alone, he was likely to lose to the Emperor.
他那么千般算计，连对方的后代都算计进来了，最后却赔了教授又招了撒家父子的仇恨。
He calculated so much, even the descendants of the other party were calculated, but in the end, he lost the professor and the hatred of the father and son.
而那位大帝呢，却坐在那儿笑看他费劲巴脑地乱使力，最终只把他家园子里一颗长了虫子的烂果子给摘走了。
And the emperor sat there laughing and watched him exert all his might, and in the end he only plucked a rotten fruit with worms in his home.
说不定这颗烂果子从他手上走这么一遭，遭受强烈打击后就此脱去腐烂外衣，里面的虫子直接就羽化成魔虫都有可能。
Maybe this rotten fruit walked out of his hand like this, and after receiving a strong blow, he took off his rotten coat, and the insects inside could directly feather into demon insects.
这真的是太糟糕了！ It's really too bad!
布鲁校长心情不好，撒奇尔的心情那就不是用不好两个字可以形容的。
Principal Blue is in a bad mood, and Thatchir's mood cannot be described in two words.
现在撒奇尔只能期盼这个该死的验心关只是他个人产生的幻觉，而不是实际场景。
Now Thatchir could only hope that this damn psychic was just a personal hallucination of his own making, not an actual scenario.
如果真的是实际场景…… If it's really an actual scenario......
撒奇尔已经不想拜闻笛为师了，他觉得自己被闻笛深深地戏弄和大大羞辱了，他现在恨死了闻笛。
Thatcher no longer wanted to be a teacher with Wendi, he felt that he had been deeply teased and greatly humiliated by Wendi, and he now hated Wendi to death.
如果闻笛现在就站在他面前，他能立刻呼唤自己的守卫们冲上去围攻他。
If Wendi were standing in front of him now, he could immediately call his guards to rush up and besiege him.
虽然闻笛通过副校长给了他一份出题范围的卷轴，其中也提到了会检测心性之类，但卷轴上没有详细说明检测心性到底是怎么检测。
Although Wen Di gave him a scroll of the scope of the question through the vice principal, which also mentioned that he would test the mind, the scroll did not explain in detail how to test the mind.
也就是说，闻笛明明可以明明白白地告诉他验心关一事，却没有告诉他。
In other words, Wen Di could clearly tell him about the heart test, but he didn't tell him.
而且闻笛如果真的想要帮助他、收他为弟子，就应该在关卡中给他放水，比如之前的验心关，就不该封锁他的记忆，让他忘记这是挑战赛。
And if Wendi really wants to help him and accept him as a disciple, he should put water in the level, such as the previous Mind Verification Pass, he should not block his memory and make him forget that this is a challenge.
总之，撒奇尔认为他出丑乃至被批评，那都是闻笛不好。
In short, Thatcher thinks that he is ugly and even criticized, and that is because he is not good at smelling.
他不认为自己对那老人一家做的事情有什么不好，更不觉得自己有错。
He didn't think there was anything wrong with what he had done to the old man's family, and he didn't think he was wrong.
但他也知道这种事不该被别人看见，因为那些贱民会认为他是个残忍的君主。
But he also knew that such things should not be seen by others, because the untouchables would think he was a cruel monarch.
虽然他从不认为残忍有什么不好，一个帝王本来就应该让他的子民们恐惧，让那些贱民只能匍匐在他的脚边颤抖。
Although he never saw anything wrong with cruelty, an emperor should have frightened his people, so that the untouchables could only crawl at his feet and tremble.
他们就应该乞求他的怜悯，而不是认为他们的帝王就应该怜悯他们。
They should beg for mercy from him, not think that their emperor should have mercy on them.
他们也就应该把一切都奉献给他，而不应该奢望帝王会给以回馈。
They should also give everything to him, and should not expect the emperor to give something back.
但为什么他还是有一种阴私被无数人窥探到的愤怒？ But why does he still have a kind of anger that his selfishness has been spied on by countless people?
为什么他还是会忍不住担心出去后被那些贱民指责和讽刺？
Why can't he still help but worry about being blamed and ridiculed by those untouchables when he goes out?
也许就因为这里不是他的国家，因为他还不是帝王。 Maybe it's because it's not his country, because he's not an emperor yet.
对，就是这样！ Yes, that's it!
如果他能拥有更强大的力量，如果他能让所有人都恐惧他，那么他何必继续伪装自己的本性？
If he can have more power, if he can make everyone fear him, then why should he continue to disguise his true nature?
如果他能强大到他那位堂祖父都只能看他的眼色，那么别说只是虐杀一户小小的贱民，就是他把整个双月学校都连根拔起，把那些所谓的绝世天才全都变成他的傀儡，别人又敢对他说什么！
If he can be so strong that his cousin can only look at him, then not to mention just abusing and killing a small untouchable family, it is that he uproots the entire Bilunar School and turns all those so-called peerless geniuses into his puppets, and others dare to say anything to him!
撒奇尔忽然想到什么，立即使用水镜魔法查看自己头顶的分数。
Thatcher suddenly thought of something, and immediately used the water mirror magic to check the score above his head.
这一看更加让他怒不可遏，感觉比被人当面扇了一巴掌还要让他无法忍受。
This look made him even more angry, and he felt that he couldn't bear it even more than being slapped in the face.
这个闻笛怎么敢！ How dare this Wendi!
还有那些裁判他们又怎么能同意！ And those referees, how can they agree!
怒火包围了撒奇尔，他已经不想再进行这场挑战赛。 Anger enveloped Thatcher, and he no longer wanted to play the challenge.
他觉得闻笛不配做他的指导教授。 He felt that Wendi was not worthy of being his advisor.
他可是撒奇尔，银月帝国未来的帝王！闻笛怎么敢如此羞辱他？
He's Thatcher, the future emperor of the Silvermoon Empire! How dare Wen Di humiliate him so much?
还有那些狗屎的总会长和狗屎的各校裁判，他一个都不会放过，都给他等着。
There are also the presidents of those shit and the judges of the shit schools, he won't let go of any of them, and they all wait for him.
“我要出去！本少爷不比了！这场挑战赛不公平，有人在针对我。”撒奇尔高喊。
"I'm going out! Young Master Ben is not comparable! This challenge is not fair, and someone is targeting me. Thatcher shouted.
场外观众傻眼了。 The audience outside the stadium was dumbfounded.
竟然有人会中途放弃挑战赛，而且这个人还是被挑战者本人。
Someone would give up the challenge in the middle of the challenge, and that person was the challenged himself.
如果这场挑战赛真的不公平也就算了，可除了和撒奇尔有关的人，所有人都觉得那个“100”分非常适合撒奇尔，甚至大半人都觉得100分都太少，就应该直接取消他的比赛资格。
If this challenge is really unfair, forget it, but except for those related to Thatcher, everyone thinks that the "100" points are very suitable for Thatcher, and even most of them feel that 100 points are too little, so he should be disqualified from the competition.
结果大赛方还没有取消这个人渣的参赛资格，这个人渣自己先喊起不公平说不想比了。
双月学校的学生这一刻觉得特别丢脸。
而从银月帝国赶来的某些观众这时也都脸色铁青。
这位可是他们帝国的继承人啊！
结果他们的继承人就这么一个玩意？
歹毒、残忍、卑劣、愚蠢，这些还不止，竟然还没有丝毫担当和胆量。
这场挑战赛到底公不公平，当大家集体眼瞎吗？
撒奇尔喊了半天，可没人理会他，一副你爱比不比的样子。
闻笛见此，嘴角微微勾起。
如果撒奇尔能稳下心态继续比试，大家说不定还能高看他一眼，说他一句虽毒辣却也真是个人物云云，可现在……就因为不如自己的意，就能嚷嚷不想比，还随便找借口，除了让人加深他就是个任性脑残孩子的印象，其他任何好处都不会有。
闻笛不再把目光放在撒奇尔身上，转而把大半注意力都给了王叶。
王叶在第二关中的行进速度很快。
第二关考的是基础，一进门就是个庞大的药材库。
有声音要求王叶把报到的药材放入指定地点，这是考辨认药材。
声音给了王叶大约五分钟的观察时间，才开始播报药名：
“白头翁、草果、地金子、结香花、钩藤、马勃……”
报出药材的速度不是特别快，但也不慢，给挑战者寻找和犹豫的时间并不多。
王叶在那五分钟里大致搞清楚这间药材库的分类情况，药材放置得并不凌乱，而是按照花果叶根皮全草、矿石、生物海陆空和其他来分类。
随着王叶每一次正确地把相关药材放入指定地点，他头顶的分数就会加一分。
观众们的目光逐渐被吸引到王叶身上，实在是这位和其他进入第二关的挑战者比较，也太从容不迫了，而且几乎没有半点犹豫，只要过去找就一定能找到，还一定是正确的。
其他挑战者随着声音报出的药材越来越多，犹豫和放弃的也越来越多。
这也是很多学习炼药的学生的普遍现象，会制作课堂上教授的某种魔药，但论起基础，就看学校的药学课程学得扎不扎实，而药材那么多，还有那么多类似的，一些通用药材和比较特殊的药材还能记得住，但想要记住全部，那就基本不可能了。
刚开始辨认药材时，大家还看得嘻嘻哈哈，只是觉得王叶的速度比较快，但到后面，观众们就不是嬉笑，而是惊叹了。
那些药材他们也在看着，之前参加炼药比试和自认对炼药比较擅长的学生也在随着播报声寻找药材，在参赛者拿起药材时，他们也会进行辨识，可是有时候他们真的无法把药材和播报名对到一起。
尤其有些颗粒状、粉末状的药材，还要你嗅闻品尝才能分辨。
整整一百种药材，王叶没有任何错漏地得到了一百分。
别看一百种貌似不多，却每个种类都有涉及到，这可是从上万种药材中找出一百种。
这样的正确率让各校炼药大佬都露出了惊讶的神色，他们自问，如果换了他们，是否会有这么高的正确率，还要有这么快的辨认速度，然后发现真有点不敢说自己可以。
王叶头顶顶着190的分数，进入下一个房间，这不是第三关，仍旧是基础关中的一项。
现场配药。
房间里有三张炼药台，每个炼药台上都有一副药剂似乎正要炼制或正在炼制。
声音要求王叶把这三副药剂完成。
观众们不少人都倒抽凉气，自己从头炼制一副药剂，和接手别人已经炼制了一部分的药剂再炼制，那难度瞬间就拔高了数倍。
“两个小时有点少啊，感觉第二关都还没考到多少，两个小时就要过去了。”有人盯着光幕担心道。
“是啊，两个小时根本考不了多少内容，现在还只是基础关，虽然目前看来小叶子的基础比其他人都扎实，但基础只是一方面吧？”
“闻笛教授不是说他最重视的不是挑战者已经学到多少，而是要看挑战者的天赋、精神力和心性吗？心性和精神力方面，我们略微看到了，但天赋的考核在哪里？”
“我觉得天赋已经在考了。你们忘了第一关验心关也考了药师等级的考试吗？让他们选择病人，根据病情开出药方，再炼制出药物。”
"I think the talent is already being tested. Have you forgotten that you also took the pharmacist level exam at the first level? Let them choose the patient, prescribe the medicine according to the condition, and then refine the medicine. ”
“啊，对哦！” "Ah, yes!"
“还有这关，辨认药物看起来简单，实际上很是考验你对药材的敏感性。我们学校有个据说是木精灵混血儿的学生，她拿起任何一种植物类药材，几乎立刻就能知道那是什么药材，这就是天赋。”
"Also, identifying the medicine seems simple, but it is actually a test of your sensitivity to the herbs. There was a student in our school who was said to be a Wood Elf half-breed, and she picked up any kind of botanical herb and could almost immediately know what it was, and that was talent. ”
“哇，这么一看，小叶子的天赋是不是特别强？” "Wow, looking at it this way, isn't Xiao Yezi's talent particularly strong?"
“他基础扎实得可怕，这可不止是死记硬背能做到的，没有相关天赋，真的无法做到他这种程度。”
“你们都错了，其实每一关都在考验挑战者的天赋、精神力和心性。第一关是验心关，看起来像是只考验了心性，实际上天赋和精神力也都考到了。第二关说是考基础，可一开始心态不好的就会受影响。更不要说那个配药考验，这个如果心性不够沉稳，失败率很高。同样在短时间内要分辨药材还要炼药，没有强大的精神力也做不到。”
"You're all wrong, in fact, every level is a test of the challenger's talent, mental strength, and heart. The first level is the heart test, which seems to only test the mind, but in fact, the talent and mental power are also tested. The second level is said to be the foundation of the test, but if you have a bad attitude at the beginning, it will be affected. Not to mention the dispensing test, if the heart is not calm enough, the failure rate is very high. Similarly, in a short period of time, it is impossible to distinguish medicinal materials and refine medicinal materials without strong spiritual power. ”
有些学校的炼药大佬都不禁皱起眉头，他们虽然不在现场，但炼药那一关怎么看都不像是普通炼药。
Some of the school's alchemy bosses couldn't help frowning, although they were not on the scene, the level of alchemy didn't look like ordinary alchemy.
有人忍不住和身边老友低语：“那炼制了一半的药剂是不是出问题了，总觉得不对劲。”
Someone couldn't help but whisper to his old friends: "Is there something wrong with the half-refined potion, I always feel that something is wrong." ”
“是，这一关的考验很可怕，不止是考挑战者的基础，更是在考验他们的精神力和天赋。同时也在考验他们的临场处理能力，你看小叶子的做法！”
"Yes, the test of this level is very terrifying, not only to test the foundation of the challengers, but also to test their mental strength and talent. At the same time, it is also testing their on-the-spot processing ability, you look at Xiaoyezi's approach! ”
王叶把三张炼药台上正在炼制的药剂都看了一遍，他只选择了其中一张炼药台，把正在进行的药剂完成了下去。
Wang Ye looked at all the potions being refined on the three alchemy tables, and he only chose one of the alchemy tables and finished the potions that were in progress.
另外两张药台，他把其中一个炼药步骤重新进行，就像是在纠错，然后才把后续进行下去。
On the other two medicine tables, he re-carried out one of the refining steps, as if he was correcting mistakes, and then proceeded with the follow-up.
然后王叶竟然回到了之前的药材库开始挑拣药材。 Then Wang Ye actually returned to the previous medicinal herb warehouse and began to pick out medicinal materials.
看到这里，观众们才发现之前的药材库竟然还能回去。 Seeing this, the audience realized that the previous medicinal herb library could still go back.
等王叶回到炼药室，他直接把第三张药台上的药剂全倒了，把炼药工具清洗干净，然后用自己找来的药材重头开始炼制。
When Wang Ye returned to the alchemy room, he directly poured all the potions on the third medicine table, cleaned the alchemy tools, and then started refining again with the medicinal materials he had found.
当他把药剂炼制成功，放到辨药台上时，不到片刻，他头顶的分数就又加了100分，变成了290分。
When he successfully refined the potion and put it on the medicine table, in less than a moment, the score above his head increased by another 100 points, becoming 290 points.
随后王叶就进入了下一个房间。 Then Wang Ye entered the next room.
下一个房间里有五名病人，分别是婴儿、少年、孕妇、中年男子和一名老妇人。
There are five patients in the next room, a baby, a teenager, a pregnant woman, a middle-aged man, and an elderly woman.
声音告诉王叶，他有每人两分钟的时间分别观察和寻问他们的病情，两分钟后要从架子上没有任何标签的成品药剂中找出能治疗他们的药剂。
The voice told Wang Ye that he had two minutes for each person to observe and inquire about their conditions, and after two minutes he had to find out what could cure them from the finished potions on the shelves without any labels.
观众们看得都开始抹汗，这考题真的是越来越难。 The audience began to wipe their sweat when they saw it, and this exam question was really getting more and more difficult.
在王叶询问病人病情时，其他挑战者已经有进入炼药房间的，但先后两个人都在接手台上正在炼制的药剂时，因为操作不慎炸锅了。
When Wang Ye inquired about the patient's condition, the other challengers had already entered the medicine refining room, but when they took over the potion being refined on the table, they accidentally fried the potion because of the operation.
有了后来者的对比，才越发看出王叶之前的表现有多么稳定。
With the comparison of the latecomers, it became more and more obvious how stable Wang Ye's previous performance was.
简直就是稳定得可怕！ It's just terrifyingly stable!
“明明我看他做得很简单，真的是行云流水一般，感觉好像一点都不困难。”有学生喃喃自语。
"Obviously, I think he does it very simply, it's really smooth, and it doesn't seem to be difficult at all." There are students muttering to themselves.
“是啊，我每次看教授炼药也是特别简单，但轮到我自己……砰！”
"Yes, every time I watch the professor refine medicine, it's very simple, but it's my turn...... Bang! ”
“啊，简学也炸锅了，他可是炼药比试第二名啊！” "Ah, Jian Xue is also frying, he is the second place in the alchemy competition!"
“巴迪也炸了，他是炼药第三名。” "Buddy also blew up, he is the third place in alchemy."
“这么说……” "...... so"
学生们面面相觑，其实哪怕不看第一关验心关的分数，只看第二关的分数，小叶子可是到现在都是满分，而其他人多多少少都有减分。
The students looked at each other, in fact, even if they didn't look at the score of the first level, only the score of the second level, Xiao Yezi had a full score until now, and everyone else had more or less minus points.
好吧，是减分不少。 Well, it's a lot of minus.
这差距真的太明显了。 The gap is really too obvious.
“小叶子这么厉害，为什么不参加炼药比试？”有人露出不解的表情。
"Xiao Yezi is so powerful, why don't you participate in the medicine refining competition?" Someone looked puzzled.
“大约就是太厉害了，和大家水平相差太大，所以人家不稀罕参加了？哈哈哈……”说话的人一脸饱受打击的悲惨表情。
"It's probably too powerful, and the level of everyone is too different, so it's not uncommon for people to participate? Hahaha......" The person who spoke had a sad expression on his face, which was battered.
“我就想知道小叶子这么厉害，是谁教出来的？就他这样的水平，他的指导教授也很了不起吧，需要他再拜闻笛教授为师父吗？”
"I just want to know who taught Xiaoye to be so powerful? At his level, his instructor is also amazing, do you need him to worship Professor Wendi as a master again? ”
“我有可靠消息，据说小叶子的炼药就是跟闻笛教授学的？”
"I have reliable information, it is said that Xiao Yezi's alchemy was learned from Professor Wen Di?"
“哎？真的假的？” "Huh? Really? ”
“真的不能再真！听说小叶子的兄长雷木和闻笛教授是好朋友，得到了闻笛教授的馈赠，但雷木对药剂不感兴趣，他喜欢炼金，就把闻笛教授送给他的药剂传承知识转送给了自己的弟弟小叶子。谁想到小叶子在药剂学方面特别有天赋，凭借水晶球教学和传承魔法书，他就自学到这种程度了。所以小叶子一见到闻笛教授才会喊他师父。”
"It really can't be true! I heard that Xiao Yezi's brother Lei Mu and Professor Wen Di were good friends and received a gift from Professor Wen Di, but Lei Mu was not interested in potions, he liked alchemy, so he transferred the knowledge of the potion inheritance given to him by Professor Wen Di to his younger brother Xiao Yezi. Who would have thought that Xiao Yezi was particularly talented in pharmacy, and with the help of the crystal ball teaching and inheritance of magic books, he had learned this level by himself. That's why Xiao Yezi will call him Master when he sees Professor Wendi. ”
“原来如此。”众人恍然大悟，又忍不住惊叹：“只凭自学就能学到这种程度，也太碉堡了吧。”
"I see." Everyone suddenly realized, and couldn't help but exclaim: "It's too good to learn this level just by self-study." ”
“这小叶子的炼药天赋得多高……”观众们又是佩服，又是酸涩，这人和人真的是不能比，太酸了！
"How talented is this little leaf's alchemy......" The audience admired and sour, this person is really incomparable, it's too sour!
王叶其实有那么点不好意思，他不是天赋强，他是被闻笛师父狠狠操练了七年，其中有些秘境可是拥有时间加速效果的，他实际学习的时间远远超过七年。
Wang Ye is actually a little embarrassed, he is not talented, he has been trained by Master Wendi for seven years, some of the secret realms have a time acceleration effect, and his actual learning time is far more than seven years.
其实也怪不得那么多人对闻笛师父眼馋，就凭闻笛师父能用七年时间把他调教出来……呃，还不算彻底调教出来，还只是打了个基础，但只论基础，他现在就已经远超绝大多数炼药方面的天才，哪怕他自认脑子确实还行，但闻笛师父的功劳绝对大大滴。
In fact, it's no wonder that so many people are greedy for Master Wendi, just because Master Wendi can train him in seven years...... Well, it's not completely tuned, it's just a foundation, but just in terms of foundation, he is now far beyond the vast majority of geniuses in alchemy, even if he thinks that his brain is really good, but Master Wendi's credit is definitely great.
闻笛对另外一个自己越发满意，只看王叶的炼药手法和他辨认药材以及对病人的查询问诊，就能看出这小子的基础打得有多扎实。
Wen Di became more and more satisfied with the other self, just looking at Wang Ye's alchemy techniques and his identification of medicinal materials and his inquiries and consultations on patients, he could see how solid this kid's foundation was.
哎呀，摘桃子的感觉真的是超级爽。 Oops, the feeling of picking peaches is really super cool.
闻笛忽然很想见见另一个自己，他想感谢对方，也想问问对方教出王叶这么一个弟子是什么感觉，最后为王叶而死，又是什么感觉。
Wen Di suddenly wanted to see another self, he wanted to thank the other party, and he also wanted to ask the other party what it was like to teach Wang Ye such a disciple, and what it was like to die for Wang Ye in the end.
反正闻笛现在是想象不到他会为其他人而死，哪怕这个人是他的亲传弟子。
Anyway, Wen Di couldn't imagine that he would die for someone else, even if this person was his personal disciple.
王叶已经确定，五个病人里面有三个是正常病例，另外两个都是陷阱。
Wang Ye has determined that three of the five patients are normal cases, and the other two are traps.
其中孕妇的病情最复杂，她不止自己有病，她肚子里的胎儿也有病。在没有地球的检测仪器的情况下，想要正确诊断出孕妇的病情，只能靠药师的经验和精神力检查。
Among them, the condition of the pregnant woman is the most complicated, not only is she sick, but the fetus in her womb is also sick. In the absence of earthly testing equipment, the only way to accurately diagnose a pregnant woman's condition is to rely on the experience and mental strength of a pharmacist.
而两例陷阱分别是小婴儿和老妇人。 The two traps were a small baby and an old woman.
小婴儿没有病，他会哭闹不休，只是因为他的咯吱窝里被一只小虫子咬了，那虫子还钻在皮肤里面不出来。
The baby is not sick, he will cry endlessly, but because he has been bitten by a small bug in his squeaky socket, and the worm is still in the skin and cannot come out.
而想要找出小婴儿的问题，你得观察得特别仔细。幸好他有强大的精神力，他握住小婴儿的小手，把精神力覆盖他全身，很快就找出他的问题点在哪里。
And to find out the problem with the baby, you have to look very carefully. Fortunately, he had a strong mental power, and he held the little baby's little hand, covered his whole body with mental power, and quickly found out where his problem was.
另外一个没病的人是老妇人，老妇人总是说这儿疼、那里难受，又说头晕啦胃不舒服啦，听她描述，你会觉得她浑身都是病。
Another person who is not sick is an old woman, the old woman always says that it hurts here, that it is uncomfortable there, and that she is dizzy and has an upset stomach, and when you listen to her description, you will think that she is sick all over.
实际上，她身体健康得很。 In fact, she is in good health.
不过老妇人也不能说完全没病，她是心理上的病，她希望得到关注和关心，她又不知道该如何得到别人的关注和关心，就用装病这点来博取家人和药师的关心。
However, the old woman cannot be said to be completely sick, she is psychologically ill, she wants to get attention and care, and she doesn't know how to get the attention and attention of others, so she uses the point of pretending to be sick to win the attention of her family and the pharmacist.
时间久了，她就真的觉得自己有病了。 After a long time, she really felt that she was sick.
对于这种病人，你不给她开药，她认为你医术太低。你给她开药，又不能真正治好她的病，说不定还会让她吃出病来。但如果你实情告诉她，说她没病，她马上就会认为你是庸医，然后再去寻求别的药师。
For this kind of patient, you don't prescribe medicine to her, she thinks that your medical skills are too low. If you prescribe medicine to her, you can't really cure her illness, and maybe she will get sick. But if you tell her the truth that she's not sick, she'll immediately think you're a quack and go to another pharmacist.
对于这种病人，有良心的药师就会给她开一些普通温补的药物，类似老年养身丸之类。
For this kind of patient, a conscientious pharmacist will prescribe some ordinary warm and tonic medicines, similar to the elderly health pills.
王叶在那些没有标签的药剂中找到一瓶开心药剂，让老妇人喝下。
Wang Ye found a bottle of happy potion among those unlabeled potions and asked the old woman to drink it.
老妇人喝了以后，不到片刻就眉开眼笑，心情愉快地说自己感觉好多了。
After drinking it, the old woman smiled in less than a moment, and said happily that she felt better.
王叶心中有数，因为时间关系，到此，基础关就差不多了，下面应该就是第三关。
Wang Ye knew in his heart, because of the time relationship, at this point, the basic level is almost over, and the next should be the third level.
看到小叶子脑袋上顶着390分进入第三关，观众们都服气了。
Seeing Xiao Yezi enter the third level with 390 points on his head, the audience was convinced.
这差距太大了，目前为止，小叶子比起其他参赛者，简直就是碾压，而且越到后面差距越明显。
This gap is too big, so far, compared to other contestants, Xiao Yezi is simply crushing, and the more you get to the back, the more obvious the gap becomes.
明明这些考核项目都没有超过四级，可几个参赛者的知识掌握程度和本身的天赋、精神力与心性，在这些考核内容下，真的是就这么拉开了差距，让你明白就是天才也是有超级天才和普通天才之分。
Obviously, none of these assessment items exceeded level 4, but the knowledge mastery of several contestants and their own talents, mental strength and temperament, under these assessment contents, the gap is really widened, so that you can understand that even geniuses are also divided into super geniuses and ordinary geniuses.
总会长们的贵宾室内，被邀请来检查幻境考场的白老忽然道：“那虫卵又出现了。”
In the VIP room of the presidents, Bai Lao, who was invited to inspect the illusion examination room, suddenly said, "That worm egg has appeared again." ”
白老之前在幻境考场里发现一种不该出现的生物后，就在幻境考场里多加入了一个检查虫卵和相关生物的功能。
After Bai Lao discovered a creature that shouldn't appear in the illusion examination room before, he added an additional function to check insect eggs and related creatures in the illusion examination room.
没想到那虫卵竟然真的再次出现了。 I didn't expect the eggs to actually reappear.
“在哪里？”其他总会长纷纷询问。 "Where?" The other presidents asked.
白老伸手往光幕上一指：“我很确定，就是那学生放出来的，刚才他用了某种手段激活了虫卵。”
Bai Lao stretched out his hand and pointed at the light curtain: "I'm pretty sure, it was the student who released it, and he used some means to activate the worm eggs just now." ”
众总会长一看白老指出的人，都有种不出所料之感。 When the general president looked at the person pointed out by Bai Lao, he had a feeling of surprise.
“能标明出来吗？”古总会长沉稳地问。 "Can you mark it?" President Gu asked calmly.
“可以。”白老微微一笑，“我之前检查幻境考场时正好给幻境阵法加了一项功能。”
"Yes." Bai Lao smiled slightly, "When I checked the Illusion Examination Room before, I just added a function to the Illusion Formation. ”
于是，观众们就见光幕中那个站在第二关门口的撒奇尔头发中忽然冒出了点点亮光。
As a result, the audience saw a little light suddenly appear in the hair of Thatcher, who was standing at the door of the second level.
这些亮光从他的头发中飞出，飞向第二关敞开的大门中。
The lights flew out of his hair and into the open door of the second level.
第224章 名次已定 Chapter 224: The Ranking Has Been Decided
“那那那些是什么？”有学生一把抓住旁边的同学，吃惊到结巴。
"And what are those?" A student grabbed a classmate next to him and stuttered in surprise.
“什么什么？”被问的学生光顾着看小叶子表现，压根没注意其他挑战者。
"What?" The students who were questioned patronized to see the performance of Xiao Yezi, and did not pay attention to the other challengers at all.
“就是撒奇尔的头发！他的头发里飞出了东西，你没看见吗？”
"It's Thatcher's hair! Something flew out of his hair, didn't you see? ”
同样的问话在观众席不断响起。 The same question rang out in the audience.
有人没有看到刚才那一幕，但幸好有学生喜欢录屏，就把刚才录下的魔影放给朋友们看。
Some people didn't see the scene just now, but fortunately, some students liked to record the screen, so they showed the shadow they just recorded to their friends.
于是越来越多的人注意到光点从撒奇尔头发中飞出的那一幕。
As a result, more and more people noticed the scene of light flying out of Thatcher's hair.
“那到底是什么？” "What the hell is that?"
“不知道啊，感觉像是活物。” "I don't know, it feels like a living thing."
“活物？不是不让带其他帮手进去吗？” "Living creatures? Aren't you allowed to bring other helpers in? ”
“也许撒奇尔也会召唤？” "Maybe Thatchir will summon too?"
“我现在就想知道那光点是什么？为什么撒奇尔自己不进去考试，却让那些光点飞进去？”
"I wonder what that point of light is now? Why didn't Thatchir himself go in for the exam, but let those points of light fly in? ”
“答案还用说吗？肯定不是什么好东西。” "Needless to say? It's certainly not a good thing. ”
“教授，裁判们，你们看到没有？撒奇尔在作弊，他想要害人！”好多学生喊了起来。
"Professors, referees, do you see that? Thatcher is cheating, he wants to hurt people! A lot of students shouted.
现场一片纷乱。 The scene was chaotic.
布鲁校长低骂一声，迅速收拾他的糟糕心情，赶去裁判室。
Principal Blue let out a low curse, quickly cleaned up his bad mood, and rushed to the referee's room.
雷木脸色冰冷，在不知不觉间，他握紧了双拳。 Lei Mu's face was cold, and unconsciously, he clenched his fists.
他不知道撒奇尔头发中冒出来的光点是什么，但他用脚趾想都知道那绝不是什么好玩意。
He didn't know what the dots of light were in Thatcher's hair, but he knew on his toes that it wasn't anything to be a good thing.
他对小叶子有信心，也相信他有过关的实力，可很多害人的手法防不胜防，如果撒奇尔玩阴的，他怕小叶子会吃大亏。
He has confidence in Xiao Yezi, and he also believes that he has the strength to pass the test, but many harmful methods cannot be prevented, if Saqir plays yin, he is afraid that Xiao Yezi will suffer a big loss.
如果不是有这么多人看着，雷木都想通过精灵空间直接进入虫巢去提醒王叶。
If it weren't for so many people watching, Lei Mu would have wanted to go directly into the hive through the elf space to remind Wang Ye.
要不要进去？ Do you want to go in?
如果他去找王叶，最好能找虫老和兰道教授帮他打掩护，就跟之前王叶去找他一样。
If he goes to find Wang Ye, it is best to find Worm Elder and Professor Landau to help him cover up, just like Wang Ye went to him before.
雷木转过头，看向两位大佬。 Reimu turned his head and looked at the two bigwigs.
虫老还没开口，兰道就先说道：“不用担心，既然你我都看到了，大赛方也会看到。这么赤裸裸地害人行为，大赛方不会不管。你不妨再等等。”
Before the worm elder could speak, Lan Dao said first: "Don't worry, since you and I have seen it, the competition party will also see it." Such a blatant act of harming people, the contestant will not ignore it. You might as well wait. ”
虫老有点诧异，侧头看兰道。这位的声音有这么温柔的吗？
The insect elder was a little surprised, and looked sideways at Landau. Is this voice so gentle?
雷木深吸气，他其实也能想到这点，只是关心则乱，这时被兰道提醒，当即就平复情绪，重新看向光幕。
Lei Mu took a deep breath, he could actually think of this, but he was just concerned about it, and at this time, he was reminded by Landau, and immediately calmed down and looked at the light curtain again.
兰道看着雷木的背影，沉默。 Landau looked at Lei Mu's back and was silent.
虫老眯了眯眼，今天的兰道有点怪。 The insect elder squinted, today's Landau was a little weird.
会场中响起了药师公会总会长望城的声音：“诸位！你们看到的我们也看到了，请放心，所有情况都在我们监测中，大赛方不会让作弊者得逞，也不会让挑战者们受到不应该受的伤害。”
The voice of Wangcheng, the president of the Pharmacist Guild, sounded in the venue: "Everyone! What you see and we see it, rest assured, everything is being monitored, and the tournament will not let the cheaters succeed or the challengers suffer undeservedly. ”
大家听到这话，总算放心了一些，但看着那些光点飞进关卡内，还是忍不住为正在里面接受考验的挑战者们担忧。
When everyone heard this, they were finally relieved, but watching those points of light fly into the level, they couldn't help but worry about the challengers who were being tested inside.
本来就很紧张的考验环节，需要挑战者们集中全部精神力应付，不能有一点分心。这时候却有好些一看就不怀好意的光点飞进去，那必定会影响到挑战者啊。
The already tense test requires the challengers to concentrate all their mental strength to deal with it, and there can be no distraction. At this time, there are many points of light that are not good at first glance, and it will definitely affect the challenger.
光点飞行速度很快，它们进入关卡后目标明确地飞向那些挑战者，只要是活人就会吸引他们。
The points of light fly fast, and once they enter the level, they fly with a clear goal towards the challengers, and as long as they are alive, they will attract them.
没等光点接近挑战者们，一阵风吹过，这些光点全都被吸入了一个小球中。
Before the light could approach the challengers, a gust of wind blew, and they were all sucked into a small ball.
挑战者们看到了飞来的光点，也看到了那个小球。 The challengers saw the flying point of light, and they saw the ball.
但还没等他们想清楚那是什么，那小球就卷着光点离开了。
But before they could figure out what it was, the ball rolled away with a dot of light.
挑战者们：“……？” Challengers: "......? ”
只有简学跳起来，兴奋又愤怒地喊道：“就是这个！肯定是这个。我之前就受到了暗算，一定就是这些东西。我要求大赛方能检查撒奇尔，他身上肯定带了不该带的东西。”
Only Jian Xue jumped up and shouted excitedly and angrily: "This is it!" This is definitely it. I've been plotted before, and these must be the things. I asked the tournament to check on Thatchir because he must have something on him that he shouldn't have been carrying. ”
观众席一片哗然，临渊的学生们叫得最大声。
“查查查！必须查！那个人渣就不该得炼药第一！”
之前没有证据，简学说他被撒奇尔阴了，临渊的师生也只能苦水往肚里咽。
可现在证据出现了，临渊的学生们能不闹吗？
双月的师生们这时特别想要退席，如果不是大赛方不允许主办方做出这样失礼的事情，他们真的想要离开。
一个撒奇尔简直丢尽了他们双月魔法学校的脸！
以前双月的学生有多骄傲隔壁的帝国继承人来他们学校学习，现在就有多么厌恶和悔恨。
某间贵宾室，撒埃德刚想给儿子做一些解释，一抬头，竟然发现刚才还坐在那里的人竟然不见了。
那位去了哪里？
他是无法忍受撒奇尔的愚蠢，所以回去了吗？
撒埃德脚一软，手扶住椅子缓缓坐下。 Saed's feet softened, and he sat down slowly with his hands on the chair.
谁能知道他堂堂明光公爵，外面传言的银月帝国第一顺位继承人，在那位面前连坐都不敢坐，从那位出现开始，他就一直站到了现在，比侍者还不如。
Who could have known that he was the dignified Duke of Mingguang, the first heir of the Silver Moon Empire rumored outside, didn't even dare to sit in front of that person, and since that person appeared, he has been standing until now, inferior to the waiter.
撒埃德手指指甲抠入了椅子扶手，也不自知。 Saeed's fingernails dug into the armrest of the chair, unaware.
挑战现场，王叶是目前唯一一个到达第三关的挑战者。 At the challenge scene, Wang Ye is currently the only challenger who has reached the third level.
一进入第三关他就笑了，当然是在心里笑。 As soon as he entered the third level, he smiled, of course, in his heart.
就在王叶前方，地面出现了一个魔法阵，懂魔法阵的人可以破解其，再走过去。
Just in front of Wang Ye, a magic array appeared on the ground, and people who understood magic arrays could crack it and walk over again.
但如果你不懂，也不用担心，因为有声音直接告诉他：“如果不懂魔法阵，可以抓着房顶垂下来的绳索直接飞过去，只要双脚不落地就不会触发魔法阵。”
But if you don't understand, don't worry, because a voice told him directly: "If you don't understand the magic array, you can grab the rope hanging down from the roof and fly over directly, as long as your feet don't hit the ground, the magic array will not be triggered." ”
那他要飞过去吗？ Is he going to fly over then?
那当然不能啊，他还指望闻笛教授转校跟他走呢。 Of course not, he still expects Professor Wendi to transfer schools and go with him.
而且这么简单的魔法阵，他连动脑子都不用，上辈子不知道玩过多少遍，走过去真的就是走过去，完全不费事。
And such a simple magic array, he didn't even use his brain, he didn't know how many times he played it in his previous life, and walking over was really just walking over, and it didn't take much trouble at all.
王叶就这么走进了魔法阵，别人只看他轻轻松松，只在途中没走直线，而是拐了两个弯，就好像避让开了某些看不见的存在。
Wang Ye walked into the magic array like this, and others only saw him relaxed, only on the way, he didn't take a straight line, but turned two corners, as if avoiding some invisible existence.
几只光点跟着飞进来，飞入了魔法阵中。 A few points of light flew in and flew into the magic array.
王叶走出魔法阵，头顶分数变成400分。 Wang Ye walked out of the magic array, and the score above his head became 400 points.
全场观众都听到有声音表明魔法阵是附加题，只加10分。
The audience heard a voice indicating that the magic array was an additional question, and only 10 points were added.
光点在魔法阵中绕起了圈。 The point of light circled around the magic circle.
王叶扭头，他感觉到了寄生虫族的气息，小光也在虫巢中咿咿叫着要出来吃掉那些被改造过的虫卵。
Wang Ye turned his head, he felt the breath of the parasitic worm, and Xiaoguang was also babbling in the insect nest to come out and eat the modified insect eggs.
王叶正要让小光出来，就看到一个圆球突然出现，冲进魔法阵，猛力一吸，那几个光点都被吸入了圆球中。
Wang Ye was about to let Xiao Guang come out, when he saw a round ball suddenly appear, rushed into the magic array, and sucked it violently, and those few points of light were sucked into the ball.
然后那圆球又无视魔法阵，咻地一下又不见了。 Then the orb ignored the magic circle again, and disappeared again with a thud.
小光看食物没了，气得咿咿叫。 Xiaoguang saw that the food was gone, and he was so angry that he babbled.
王叶用精神联系安抚小光：“应该是大赛方出手了，他们既然能发现虫卵，肯定不会放着不管。别急，我知道这虫卵是谁放出来的，等比赛结束，我直接带你去找他，你可以吃个够。”
Wang Ye used spiritual contact to appease Xiaoguang: "It should be the big game party, since they can find the eggs, they will definitely not leave it alone." Don't worry, I know who released this egg, and when the game is over, I'll take you directly to him, and you can eat enough. ”
“咿！要说话算数。” "Bah! Talk counts. ”
“当然。”王叶脸上闪过一丝冰冷的笑。 "Of course." A cold smile flashed on Wang Ye's face.
他说了他不会杀死那个撒奇尔，他一定会让对方“好好的”活下去。他说到做到！
He said that he would not kill that Thatcher, and that he would definitely let the other party live "well". He does what he says!
撒奇尔既然这么喜欢寄生虫，那他就满足他，让他和虫子们相亲相爱下去。
Since Thatchir was so fond of parasites, he satisfied him and made him fall in love with the bugs.
闻笛看王叶过第一个魔法阵这么轻松，架起腿敲了敲膝盖笑起来。
Wen Di saw that Wang Yeguo was so relaxed in the first magic array, he raised his legs and knocked on his knees and laughed.
大约是王叶过阵过得实在太轻松，很多人又不懂魔法阵，就有人忍不住问出来：“这真的是魔法阵？怎么这么简单？为什么小叶子过去时什么反应都没有？”
It was probably because Wang Ye had a really easy time passing through the array, and many people didn't understand the magic array, so some people couldn't help but ask: "Is this really a magic array?" How can it be so simple? Why didn't the little leaf react at all when it passed? ”
而懂魔法阵的学生当即就没好气地说：“简单？那是你不知道这是什么魔法阵！”
And the student who knew the magic array immediately said angrily: "Simple? That's when you don't know what kind of magic array this is! ”
“麻烦介绍下？” "Excuse me?"
前来参加魔法阵比试的学生们就跟周围的同学介绍起来：“如果我没有看错，这九成是至少三级的迷雾魔法阵，走进去以后你会失去方向感，到处都是迷雾。一般都用来拖延敌人脚步和偷袭之用，最常见的则用于营区防守，营地会建在阵眼处。”
The students who came to participate in the magic array competition introduced themselves to the students around them: "If I am not mistaken, this ninety percent is at least a third-level misty magic array, and after you walk in, you will lose your sense of direction, and there will be fog everywhere." It is generally used to delay the enemy's footsteps and sneak attacks, and the most common is used for the defense of the camp, which is built at the eye of the formation. ”
“迷雾魔法阵不是也有一级的吗？你怎么看出这是三级的？”不懂魔法阵的学生迷惑。
"Isn't there also a first-level Misty Magic Array? How can you tell if this is level three? "Students who don't understand the magic array are confused.
解释的学生就手指光幕，说道：“魔法阵看等级，一看用材的能量多少，二看构成的复杂程度。你们看这个魔法阵从中间的阵眼往外数是不是有三圈？”
The student who explained pointed to the light curtain and said, "The magic array looks at the level, the energy of the materials used, and the complexity of the composition. Do you see that this magic array counts out from the middle eye of the array, does it have three circles? ”
众学生恍然大悟：“有三圈就是三级迷雾魔法阵？” The students suddenly realized: "There are three circles that are the third-level mist magic array?" ”
“并不绝对是这样，有些魔法阵需要布置得很大，就会出现连环套，看起来很复杂，其实还是三级。哎呀，你们只要明白，这个魔法阵有三级就行。”
"It's not absolutely like this, some magic arrays need to be arranged very large, and there will be a chain of sets, which looks complicated, but in fact they are still level three. Heck, you just need to understand that there are three levels of this magic array. ”
“那么这个魔法阵很难吗？”有学生问出关键问题。 "So is this magic array difficult?" Some students ask key questions.
懂魔法阵的学生认真回答：“很难。我们学魔法阵的人都知道，迷雾魔法阵看起来简单，但想要弄懂却非常不容易，而且迷雾魔法阵的方位可以随着布置者的意思随心所欲变化，哪怕你记下这个魔法阵的走法，换一个新魔法阵，甚至第二天你再来走这个魔法阵，走法就已经变了。”
The student who knew the magic array replied seriously: "It's difficult. Those of us who study the magic array know that the mist magic array looks simple, but it is very difficult to understand, and the direction of the mist magic array can change as the arranger wants, even if you write down the way of this magic array, change to a new magic array, and even if you come back to walk this magic array the next day, the way of walking has changed. ”
“所以想要破解这种扰乱你方向感的魔法阵，必须要先了解这类魔法阵是怎么布置的，它的阵眼在哪里，它的具体方位是怎么安排的，这样你才知道要具体怎么走。这是个小魔法阵，比较方便一眼看个清楚。有些大型迷雾魔法阵就得先走进去，一点点探索才行。”
"So if you want to crack this kind of magic array that disturbs your sense of direction, you must first understand how this kind of magic array is arranged, where its array eyes are, and how its specific direction is arranged, so that you can know how to go specifically. This is a small magic array, which is more convenient to see at a glance. Some large mist magic arrays have to be walked in first, and a little bit of exploration is enough. ”
学生们明白了：“也就是说小叶子看懂了这个迷雾魔法阵的构成，知道要怎么走，所以他才轻松走过去了。”
The students understood: "That is to say, Xiao Yezi understood the composition of this misty magic array and knew how to walk, so he walked over easily." ”
“没错！” "That's right!"
“那我可以选择不走过去，直接破坏魔法阵可不可以？比如用火焰焚烧、用消除魔法进行消除。”又有学生问。
"Then I can choose not to go over and destroy the magic array directly? For example, it is burned with fire, and it is eliminated with elimination magic. Another student asked.
懂魔法阵的学生翻了个白眼：“要是这么简单就能破解，还会拿出来当做考验吗？”
The student who knew the magic array rolled his eyes: "If it can be cracked so easily, will it be used as a test?" ”
有脾气好的魔法阵教授就笑着跟学生们解说：“古早是有人这样破解魔法阵，但后来专业魔阵师都会在自己的魔法阵中加入防破坏功能。防破坏的手法有很多，最简单的是加入一个视觉错位影响功能，让你看着魔法阵像是在那里，实际上魔法阵的正确位置已经偏离。”
The professor of the magic array with a good temper explained to the students with a smile: "In ancient times, there were people who cracked the magic array like this, but later professional magic array masters would add anti-destruction functions to their magic arrays. There are many ways to prevent vandalism, the simplest is to add a visual dislocation effect function, so that you can look at the magic circle as if it is there, but in fact, the correct position of the magic circle has deviated. ”
“另外绝大多数的魔法阵在汲取能量形成后，留在原地的魔法阵图其实已经失去作用，起作用的是看不见的能量，所以只单纯破坏看得见的魔阵图也没用。你得找到阵眼，破坏关键物，这种关键物一般都是提供能量的主要来源，或者是能量节点。只有切断能量供应，才能真的破坏和停止魔法阵运行。”
"In addition, after the vast majority of magic arrays are formed by absorbing energy, the magic array that remains in place has actually lost its effect, and what works is invisible energy, so it is useless to simply destroy the visible magic array diagram. You'll have to find the Eye of the Array and destroy the key, which is usually the main source of energy, or energy nodes. Only by cutting off the energy supply can the magic array be truly destroyed and stopped. ”
“当然，除此之外，魔法阵还有其他防破坏的功能，我就不在这里一一叙述了。总之，这个小叶子不懂魔法阵的话，他是无法这么轻松走过这个迷雾魔法阵的。”
"Of course, in addition, the magic array also has other anti-destruction functions, so I won't describe them one by one here. In short, if this little leaf didn't understand the magic array, he wouldn't be able to walk through this mist magic array so easily. ”
绝大多数不懂魔法阵的观众虽然听到懂魔法阵人的解释，还是没有实际感，直到有其他挑战者结束第二关进入第三关，有了对比，他们才发现这个迷雾魔法阵到底有多难。
Although the vast majority of viewers who didn't understand the magic array heard the explanations of the people who understood the magic array, they still didn't have a sense of reality, until other challengers finished the second level and entered the third level, and with comparison, they found out how difficult this misty magic array was.
在王叶之后进入第三关的是临渊简学。 After Wang Ye, the third level was Lin Yuan Jianxue.
这位一看到房间里有魔法阵就停下脚步，听到声音提示可以抓着房顶垂下来的绳索飞过去，他毫不犹豫地就这么做了。
He stopped as soon as he saw the magic circle in the room, and heard a sound prompt to grab the rope hanging from the roof and fly over, and he did so without hesitation.
接着进入第三关的是那位双月的憨憨巴迪。 Then the third level is the two-moon Hanhan Buddy.
这位憨憨是真憨，其实从第一关和第二关的考验结果来看，他的炼药实力并不比第二名的简学差，但这位有个缺点，就是有点粗心大意。
This Han Han is really Han, in fact, judging from the test results of the first and second levels, his alchemy strength is no worse than Jian Xue, who is in the second place, but this one has a shortcoming, that is, he is a little careless.
粗心大意的巴迪在听完声音解说后，也没有选择破解魔法阵，而是打算飞过去，但他也不知道是漏听了还是没仔细听，飞过去时就没抓住房顶垂下的绳索，直接就运用魔法想要飞过魔法阵。
After listening to the voice commentary, the careless Buddy did not choose to crack the magic array, but planned to fly over, but he didn't know if he missed the hearing or didn't listen carefully, so he didn't grasp the rope hanging from the roof when he flew over, and directly used magic to fly through the magic array.
结果…… Outcome......
所有观众就看着这位憨憨在房间上空操纵飞行魔法绕着圈子不断飞行。
All the audience watched as this Han Han manipulated the flying magic over the room, flying in circles.
期间巴迪可能飞累了，落到了地上，然后就更惨了，也不知道他在魔法阵中看见了什么，就见他手舞足蹈，一会儿跳起来、一会儿蹲下去、一会儿爬行、一会儿飞行。
During this time, Buddy may have gotten tired of flying and fell to the ground, and then he was even worse, and he didn't know what he saw in the magic circle, so he saw him dancing with his hands, jumping up for a while, crouching down for a while, crawling for a while, and flying for a while.
一个人上演了一整场默剧。 One person staged a whole mime.
观众们：“……” Audience: "......"
其后东泉的乐永熙进来，这位一进来就看到巴迪在转圈圈，等听到旁白声音解说这里有魔法阵后，乐永熙哭笑不得，他想帮助巴迪，就抓住房顶垂下的绳索去捞他。
Later, Le Yongxi from Dongquan came in, and as soon as he came in, he saw Buddy spinning in circles, and after hearing the narrator's voice explain that there was a magic array, Le Yongxi couldn't cry or laugh, and he wanted to help Buddy, so he grabbed the rope hanging from the roof to catch him.
但所有人都看到巴迪就在房间中，乐永熙明明也距离巴迪不远，他伸出的手也几次像是碰触到了巴迪，但实际上他全都抓了空。
But everyone saw that Buddy was in the room, and Le Yongxi was obviously not far from Buddy, and his outstretched hand seemed to touch Buddy several times, but in fact he was all empty.
乐永熙惊讶万分，他努力了将近三分钟都没碰到巴迪一根毫毛。
Le Yongxi was surprised, he tried hard for nearly three minutes without touching a single hair of Buddy.
期间西顿的安塞姆过来，催促他赶紧过去，把绳索让出来。
Anselm of Sidon came over and urged him to hurry over and get the rope out.
乐永熙这才放弃营救巴迪，飞过魔法阵。 Le Yongxi gave up rescuing Buddy and flew over the magic array.
安塞姆压根没理会被困的巴迪，抓住绳索，迅速飞过魔法阵，就进去更里面了。
Anselm ignored Buddy, who was trapped, grabbed the rope, and quickly flew through the magic circle, and went further inside.
乐永熙回头。他也想离开，但看巴迪这么被困着，他又觉得就这么走有点太凉薄，可他也不知道要如何帮助巴迪，他试着大声喊，还是没效果。
Le Yongxi turned around. He also wanted to leave, but seeing Buddy so trapped, he felt that it was a bit too cool to just walk, but he didn't know how to help Buddy, he tried to shout loudly, but it didn't work.
东泉的学生急得都大喊让乐永熙不要管巴迪。 Dongquan's students were so anxious that they all shouted for Le Yongxi to leave Buddy alone.
乐永熙这种性格，真的是让急性子的人看得能气死。 Le Yongxi's character really makes people angry to death.
就连双月的学生都不忍心，喊着让乐永熙不要管巴迪。 Even the students of Biyue couldn't bear it, shouting for Le Yongxi to leave Buddy alone.
巴迪忽然被抛起来，抛到了阵外。 Buddy was suddenly tossed up and thrown out of the formation.
“你没事吧？”乐永熙伸手。
巴迪趴在地上晕乎了好一会儿，借着乐永熙的手站起来，还有点摇摇晃晃：“谢谢，呃，我不太好，天哪，这是什么见鬼的阵法，我都要飞晕了。”
“你是在尝试过魔法阵吗？”乐永熙表示佩服。
“没有啊，我听声音说可以直接飞过去，我就飞起来了，谁想到就被困住了。”巴迪一肚子郁闷。
乐永熙和巴迪边走边说，才发现巴迪的问题出在哪里。
巴迪一听要抓住房顶垂下的绳索，那脸上又实质性地挂满了黑线。他可以百分百肯定，他又要被群嘲了。
好吧，巴迪的遭遇虽然不太美妙，但确实惹得好多观众哈哈大笑。
观众们还计算了时间，发现巴迪是被困了五分钟后才被抛出魔法阵。
争分夺秒的挑战赛一下少了五分钟，巴迪和乐永熙的过关速度自然就落在了最后。
哦，除掉那个压根就没有进入第二关的撒奇尔的话。
五名挑战者除了王叶，在第三关中都没有选择破解魔法阵，而是只做医药相关的题目。
可惜第三关第一题就很难，这题不是考炼药，而是让挑战者把房间里一堆残躯和碎块拼接起来，要求拼出至少三个人以上。
王叶看到满屋子残肢、内脏、骨头等等，挑挑眉。
他第一次接受这种考验可不是在这里，而是在战场。
他闻笛师父把他带到一个战场，让他收敛那些被遗弃在战场上的尸体。
这可是“全息游戏”，那些尸体都已经死了两天以上，天气炎热，很多尸体都腐烂了，发出来的臭味简直可以活活熏死人。
更不要说那些人死得凄惨无比，很多人被开膛剖肚，内脏都流了出来，或者脑浆流满地、身体只剩半个之类，更有很多食腐鸟和食腐动物在啃食这些尸体。
总之，要不是王叶胆子大、神经更粗大，换了谁，不腿软昏过去，也要当场吐出来。
可闻笛师父让他做好防护后，就让他去收敛那些尸体，一些残肢碎体和内脏之类还要捡回来安放回身体中，最后再缝合起来，不能弄错，还要缝得精致。
多次经过那样的阵仗后，王叶后来不管看到再怎么血淋淋、烂乎乎的场面，他都能镇定自若，脸色都不带变一下。
当然，有些人天生就晕血，或者天生就无法接受这种，那么不管训练多少次，不适应还是不适应。
哪怕隔着光幕，看到这一房间烂尸残躯的观众们，很多都受不了地捂住嘴巴或者捂住眼睛。
可小小的王叶，竟然就这么走入房间，熟练无比，也冷静无比地捡起那些碎尸，开始拼接尸体。
看到这一幕，不止一个大佬在心中惊叹：这小鬼到底是谁调教出来的？不对，应该说这小鬼到底是怎么长大的？九岁啊，他就不害怕吗？
Seeing this scene, more than one big guy exclaimed in his heart: Who trained this little ghost? No, how did this little imp grow up? Isn't he scared at the age of nine?
有大佬一口断定：“这小子一定不止九岁，我不是说他被夺舍，我是说他应该进入过一些时间加速秘境，或者进过一梦千年之类的学习体验魔法阵，否则他不会如此老练。”
其他大佬深以为然。
再看现场，想要过这一关，除了要有胆量和绝对的细心，还要对人体构造熟悉无比。
骨骼和边沿比较清晰的残块还能认出来、对得上，但那些肠子心肝肺和大脑之类又要怎么分辨？
这时候就需要魔法了。
王叶直接使用血缘魔法，把同一个人零件都集中到一起。
看起来好像懂这个魔法会占大便宜，但零件聚集在一起，你还得拼起来。
It may seem like you'll have a big advantage knowing this magic, but the pieces come together and you'll have to put them together.
而且闻笛会这么简单让挑战者们用一个魔法就过关吗？ And will it be so easy for the challengers to pass the level with a single spell?
那当然不可能。 Of course it can't be.
王叶看着两大堆明显不只是两个人的零件，半点惊讶神色都没有。
Wang Ye looked at the two large piles of parts that were obviously not just two people, and he didn't look surprised at all.
血缘魔法是能分辨血缘关系，但如果精度不够，就会出现这样只要血缘关系比较接近的人，就会混淆在一起的情况。
Blood magic can distinguish blood relations, but if the accuracy is not enough, there will be a situation where people who are close to each other will be confused.
“我的妈呀，闻笛教授真狠，连这样的考题都能准备出来。要换了我，直接投降。”
"My mother, Professor Wendi is so ruthless, he can even prepare such exam questions. If you want to change me, surrender directly. ”
“崩溃！跟闻笛教授学习还要学如何拼接人体吗？闻笛教授是搞黑暗魔法的吗？”
"Crash! Do you still need to learn how to splice the human body when you learn from Professor Wen Di? Is Professor Wendi doing dark magic? ”
“这不是黑暗魔法，这只是药师的医术必须而已，不过……换我也受不了。”
"It's not dark magic, it's just a medicine man's medical necessity, but...... I can't stand it. ”
“小叶子好厉害，他竟然面不改色。” "Xiao Yezi is so powerful, he doesn't even change his face."
光幕上突然出现了时间倒计时。 A time countdown suddenly appeared on the light curtain.
还有最后十分钟。 There are still ten minutes to go.
在王叶拼接尸体时，简学也进入了一个同样的房间。 When Wang Ye spliced the corpse, Jian Xue also entered the same room.
简学在看清房间内情景的一刹那，那表情让好多学生印象深刻。
The moment Jian Xue saw the scene in the room, his expression impressed many students.
简学当场就想放弃，他是药剂师，不是黑暗魔法师！ Jian Xue wanted to give up on the spot, he was a pharmacist, not a dark magician!
好吧，他知道药师需要接触各种各样的病人，有些病人的病灶看着就很恶心。但是他真的不擅长诊断。他这辈子都只打算炼药，并不想直接面对病人。
Well, he knew that pharmacists needed to come into contact with all kinds of patients, and some patients had lesions that were disgusting to look at. But he's really not good at diagnosing. He only planned to refine medicine all his life, and he didn't want to face the patient directly.
前面遇到需要诊断的病人，他都是询问对方，或者用精神力查看。最后开出药方，诊断得到底对不对，他心中其实也没多少底。
When he encountered a patient who needed to be diagnosed, he always asked the other party or checked it with mental power. In the end, he prescribed a prescription, and the diagnosis was correct, but he didn't have much in his heart.
后来通过水镜术这个小魔法看到自己头顶的分数，他才大致明白他刚才是答对还是答错。
Later, when he saw the score above his head through the little magic of the water mirror technique, he roughly understood whether he had answered correctly or incorrectly just now.
活人他还能面对，看到恶心的病灶也能勉强忍着，但对着尸体……他就真的忍不了了。
He can still face the living, and he can barely endure the disgusting lesions when he sees them, but he ...... against the corpse He really couldn't take it anymore.
简学强忍着没有吐出来，可他也不想进入这个房间。 Jian Xueqiang endured it and didn't spit it out, but he didn't want to enter this room either.
于是简学直接道：“我放弃这道考题。” So Jian Xue said directly: "I give up this exam question." ”
房间尽头出现一扇门。 A door appears at the end of the room.
简学躲着房间中的人体零部件，快速穿过这个房间，进入了下一个考题。
Jian Xue dodged the human body parts in the room, quickly walked through the room, and entered the next exam question.
西顿的安塞姆看到同样的房间，倒还算镇定，不过他在拼接时一直皱着眉头。只要心理没问题，没有人喜欢烂乎乎血淋淋还臭烘烘的人体零部件。
Sidon's Anselm was calm when he saw the same room, but he kept frowning as he put it together. As long as the psychology is okay, no one likes rotten bloody and smelly body parts.
乐永熙和巴迪在先后进入考试房间后就分开了。 Le Yongxi and Buddy separated after entering the exam room one after another.
魔法阵好像是临时加的，没有多的，但考试房间显然都至少准备了六个。
The magic array seems to have been added temporarily, not much, but the exam room is obviously prepared for at least six.
乐永熙经常帮助穷人，他的诊断术是除了王叶以外最好的，对医术也有一定研究，见到这一屋子的零部件也还算镇定。
Le Yongxi often helps the poor, his diagnostic skills are the best except for Wang Ye, and he also has a certain amount of research on medical skills, and he is quite calm when he sees the parts of this room.
而巴迪这个可怜孩子，进来就吐了。 And Buddy, the poor kid, came in and threw up.
巴迪看着很强壮，他的身体是六名挑战者中最强壮的，但身体强壮不代表胆子也大，他怕鬼！
Buddy looks very strong, his body is the strongest of the six challengers, but a strong body does not mean that he is also bold, he is afraid of ghosts!
如果是活人，哪怕伤势再可怕，他也能镇定对待。但看到这么些尸体，还是零碎的尸体，巴迪就崩溃了。
If it is a living person, no matter how terrible the injury is, he can treat it calmly. But when he saw these corpses, still fragmentary corpses, Buddy collapsed.
为什么这个挑战赛这么讨厌！ Why is this challenge so nasty!
为什么就不能直接比拼炼药？ Why can't you directly compete in alchemy?
为什么要搞得这么复杂？ Why is it so complicated?
他不想拜闻笛教授为师啊……好吧，还是有那么点暗搓搓地期盼的，但在出了几次丑（他自认为）后，他就打消了这个念头，只想能打败撒奇尔。
He didn't want to be taught by Professor Wendi...... Well, there was still a little bit of a sneaky expectation, but after a few ugly things (which he thought), he dismissed the idea and just wanted to defeat Thatcher.
可是为什么要给他这样的关卡？ But why give him such a level?
巴迪一边吐一边晕乎乎地喊：“我放弃这关。” Buddy vomited and shouted in a daze, "I'll give up on this." ”
随后巴迪也看到了房屋尽头的门，立刻踉踉跄跄地冲了过去。
Then Buddy also saw the door at the end of the house and immediately staggered over.
尸体拼接后的房间里什么都没有，就是一个空荡荡的房间。
There was nothing in the room after the corpse was spliced together, it was just an empty room.
王叶听到了闻笛师父的声音。 Wang Ye heard Master Wendi's voice.
“走到这里，就表示这场挑战赛即将结束，我将在这里提十个炼药的问题和十个魔法阵相关问题。挑战者可以选择回答或选择直接放弃，一题十分，完成一题会再加一题，直到挑战时间结束。”
"Walking here, it means that this challenge is coming to an end, and I will ask ten questions about alchemy and ten questions related to the magic array here. The challenger can choose to answer or choose to give up directly, one question is ten points, and one more question will be added when the challenge is completed. ”
“我还有多长时间？”王叶询问。 "How much time do I have?" Wang Ye asked.
他不是没有计算时间，只是验心关会让人模糊时间概念，他如果清楚知道自己还剩下多少时间，很容易让人怀疑他在验心关并没有被封锁记忆。
It's not that he doesn't calculate time, it's just that the mind test will make people blur the concept of time, and if he knows exactly how much time he has left, it is easy for people to suspect that he is not locked in the heart test.
“七分钟。” "Seven minutes."
“我选择先回答魔法阵的问题，请开始吧。” "I chose to answer the question of the magic circle first, please start."
外面，观众席。 Outside, the auditorium.
不少观众都发出了同样的感慨：“名次定了。” Many viewers expressed the same emotion: "The ranking is decided." ”
第225章 谁是赢家 Chapter 225: Who's the Winner
其他人被提醒，这才发现到了这个房间，在其他挑战者都不擅长魔法阵知识的情况下，六名挑战者的名次其实已经可以确定。
The others were reminded that they had only discovered this room, and in the case that the other challengers were not good at the knowledge of the magic array, the ranking of the six challengers had actually been determined.
王叶获得了满分500分，其中有10分来自魔法阵的附加题加分。
Wang Ye received a full score of 500 points, of which 10 points came from the additional questions of the magic array.
而另外五人，从高到低，东泉乐永熙339分，西顿安塞姆336分，双月巴迪228分，临渊简学185分，撒奇尔100分。
And the other five, from high to low, Dongquan Le Yongxi 339 points, Sidon Anselm 336 points, Shuangyue Buddy 228 points, Linyuan Jianxue 185 points, Thatcher 100 points.
之所以会有这么大的分差，主要扣分项就在尸体拼接那一关，放弃的人直接就少了一百分。另外就是炼制三副药剂那里，不少人炸锅，一百分最多能扣七十，少的也会扣四十。还有就是验心关。
The reason why there is such a big difference in points is that the main deduction is at the level of corpse splicing, and those who give up are directly less than 100 points. In addition, there are three pairs of potions for refining, and many people can deduct up to 70 points for 100 points, and 40 for less. There is also the test of the heart.
双月巴迪最可惜，他其实是唯一一个在验心关得到一百分的学生，但这位比较粗心大意，分辨药材那里就错了不少，炼制药剂那里两副炸锅，诊断病人那里又诊断错误好几个，最后还放弃了最后一关。
The most regrettable thing for Buddy is that he is actually the only student who has scored 100 points in the heart test, but this one is more careless, and he made a lot of mistakes in distinguishing medicinal materials, refining two pairs of fryers in the potion there, and diagnosing several patients with several mistakes, and finally gave up the last level.
临渊简学同样在炼制药剂那一关被扣了七十分，之后的诊断一关更是因为不擅长，被病人的回答诱导，又过于相信自己的精神力扫描结果，同时又在寻找药剂时出错，导致这一关的一百分几乎被扣完。再加上他放弃拼尸那一关，分数就变成了倒数第二。
Lin Yuan Jianxue was also deducted 70 points in the level of refining potions, and the next level of diagnosis was even more because he was not good at it, induced by the patient's answers, and he believed in his mental power scan results too much, and at the same time made mistakes in finding the medicine, resulting in the 100 points of this level were almost deducted. Coupled with the level where he gave up fighting corpses, the score became the penultimate one.
东泉乐永熙和西顿安塞姆则都是往年的炼药大比参赛者，都是炼药方面的天才，他们比巴迪和简学年长，经验也更丰富一些，分数比两人高，其他学生也都觉得理所当然。
Dongquan Le Yongxi and Sidon Anselm are both contestants in the Alchemy Contest in previous years, both are geniuses in alchemy, they are older than Buddy and Jian Xue, and they are more experienced, and their scores are higher than the two, and the other students also take it for granted.
“啊，你们发现没有，撒奇尔、简学和巴迪的挑战赛名次正好和炼药比试的名次一模一样，倒过来看的话。”
"Ah, have you noticed it, the rankings of Thatcher, Jianxue and Buddy in the challenge are exactly the same as the rankings of the alchemy competition, if you look at it backwards."
众人一看，竟然真是这样。 When everyone saw it, it turned out to be like this.
原本炼药比试是撒奇尔第一、简学第二、巴迪第三。 Originally, the alchemy competition was Thatcher first, Jianxue second, and Buddy third.
现在名次还是没变，只不过变成了倒数。 Now the ranking has not changed, but it has become the bottom.
“喂喂，你们是不是说得太早了？挑战赛还没有真正结束呢。”有人指着光幕道。
"Hey, are you talking too soon? The challenge isn't over yet. Someone pointed to the light curtain.
光幕中，王叶、简学和巴迪正在各自回答问题。 In the light curtain, Wang Ye, Jian Xue, and Buddy were answering their own questions.
简学和巴迪因为放弃了拼尸体的考验，甚至比王叶更快地进入了最后的房间。
Jian Xue and Buddy even entered the final room faster than Wang Ye because they gave up the test of fighting corpses.
但两人和其他人分数相差太大，而闻笛教授最后提出的问题虽然只要口答，却并不简单，两人在第一题就花了大量时间思索。
However, the difference between the scores between the two and the others was too great, and although Professor Wen Di's final question was only answered orally, it was not simple, and the two spent a lot of time thinking about the first question.
对比这两人，王叶回答问题的速度却非常快，几乎闻笛教授刚把问题问完，他就会给出答案。
Compared with these two people, Wang Ye answered the question very quickly, and almost as soon as Professor Wendi finished asking the question, he would give the answer.
而观众们擅长魔法阵的人都听得频频点头，承认小叶子在魔法阵方面的基础也相当扎实。
And the audience who is good at magic arrays nodded frequently, admitting that Xiao Yezi's foundation in magic arrays is also quite solid.
陨星的魔阵学院院长这次也来了，他听到光幕中小叶子的回答，当即就半开玩笑半认真地道：“要是早知道小叶子在魔法阵方面的基础竟然这么好，别说他中了千木之毒，就是万木之毒，我也要。这次大比，我也不用那么头疼，直接把小叶子派出来就可以。”
The dean of the Demon Array Academy of the Falling Star also came this time, and when he heard Xiao Yezi's answer in the light curtain, he immediately said half-jokingly and half-seriously: "If I had known that Xiao Yezi's foundation in the magic array was so good, not to mention that he had been poisoned by the poison of a thousand trees, even the poison of ten thousand trees, I would have it too." This time, I don't have to have such a headache, just send the little leaves out. ”
乾副校长没好气道：“魔药学院的院长跟你一个想法。哦，培植学科和召唤系都和你一个想法。”
Vice Principal Qian said angrily: "The dean of the Potions Academy has an idea with you. Oh, and both the cultivating discipline and the summoning department have the same idea as you. ”
“其实我们卷轴学院也想让小叶子转院，正好他不是跟兰道教授学习吗，转到我们学校正好合适。”卷轴学院的副院长也凑了个热闹。
"Actually, our Scroll Academy also wants Xiao Yezi to transfer to another college, it just so happens that he is studying with Professor Landau, and it is just right to transfer to our school." The vice president of the Scroll Academy also joined in the fun.
“你们就算了吧！”乾副校长和魔阵院长无比嫌弃地异口同声道。
"Forget it!" Vice Principal Qian and the Dean of the Demon Array said in unison with great disgust.
魔阵院长真心实意地低声问乾副校长：“小叶子这样的天赋不能就这么废掉啊，这哪里是百年难得一见，这样的学生我们学校多久才能遇到一个？他中的千木之毒真的没办法了？”
The dean of the Demon Array sincerely asked Vice Principal Qian: "Xiao Yezi's talent can't just be wasted, where is this rare in a hundred years, how long will it take for our school to meet such a student?" Is there really no way to do the poison of a thousand trees in him? ”
乾副校长头疼，“学校会竭尽全力为他想办法，但是……”
Vice Principal Qian had a headache, "The school will do its best to find a way for him, but ......"
在谈论王叶的人不止一个，看到王叶在挑战赛中的表现，又何止一个大佬对这个小天才动心。
There is more than one person who is talking about Wang Ye, and seeing Wang Ye's performance in the challenge, not to mention that a big guy is tempted by this little genius.
一想到这个绝世小天才竟然主动想要拜闻笛为师，还能让闻笛转校，大家都不知道该羡慕妒忌闻笛好，还是妒忌羡慕陨星的好。
Thinking that this peerless little genius actually took the initiative to worship Wendi as a teacher, and he could also let Wendi change schools, everyone didn't know whether to envy Wendi or envy the meteor.
“小叶子真的可惜了，这样的天赋，竟然中了千木之毒。”不少大佬发出同样的叹息。
"It's really a pity that Xiao Yezi has such a talent that has been poisoned by a thousand trees." Many bigwigs let out the same sigh.
“也许闻笛可以想想办法。” "Maybe Wen Di can think of a way."
“他不是说他不能解千木之毒吗？” "Didn't he say he couldn't solve the poison of a thousand trees?"
众人对闻笛即将有这么一个弟子充满了微妙的情绪，要说妒忌吧，是妒忌。但一想到这样的天才很可能要不了多久就会因为千木之毒变成一个白痴，又觉得可惜无比。
Everyone was full of subtle emotions about Wen Di about to have such a disciple, if you want to say jealousy, it is jealousy. But when I thought that such a genius would probably become an idiot because of the poison of a thousand trees in a short time, I felt that it was a pity.
“你们说小叶子这么努力，哪怕在中了千木之毒的情况下，也要拜闻笛为师，还要求他转校到陨星，是不是想要在最后为自己的学校做一次奉献？”
"You said that Xiao Yezi worked so hard, even if he was poisoned by a thousand trees, he had to worship Wendi as a teacher, and asked him to transfer to the Meteorite, do you want to make a dedication to your school in the end?"
“你这么一说，还真有可能！” "If you say that, it's really possible!"
顿时，因为陨星今年出了一个小叶子，而对陨星学校产生强烈酸涩情绪的各校大佬们，这时对陨星就更是羡慕妒忌了。
Suddenly, because the meteorite had a small leaf this year, the bigwigs of the various schools who had a strong sour mood towards the meteorite school were even more envious and jealous of the meteorite at this time.
他们学校怎么就没有这么好的、为学校着想的学生？ Why doesn't their school have such good students who think about the school?
想想，以往都是学生跟着教授跑。不时就有学校的天才学生被其他学校的混蛋教授给勾走，今年却反过来了，竟然是天才教授被天才学生给勾跑了。
Come to think of it, in the past, students followed the professor. From time to time, there are genius students in schools who are hooked by bastard professors in other schools, but this year it was the other way around, and it turned out to be a genius professor who was hooked up by genius students.
陨星将来也许会失去小叶子，但他们得到了一个闻笛，不要太划算哦！
The meteorite may lose its small leaf in the future, but they get a sniffer, so it's not too cost-effective!
“现在就看双月肯不肯放人了。” "Now it's up to Shuangyue to see if he is willing to let go."
“他们不肯也没用，闻笛都把条件摆出来了，那么难的条件，在小叶子出现前，谁敢拍胸脯保证说一定能完成？”
"It's useless for them to refuse, Wen Di has put the conditions out, such difficult conditions, before Xiaoyezi appears, who dares to pat his chest and promise that it will be completed?"
“双月这次可是亏大了。” "Shuangyue has lost a lot this time."
“陨星这次可要成为最大赢家了。” "Meteorite is going to be the biggest winner this time."
“呵呵，且看，且看。” "Hehe, look, look."
在各校大佬们充满各种意味的笑声中，挑战赛也接近了尾声。
Amid the laughter of the school bosses of various meanings, the challenge competition is also coming to an end.
此时，闻笛十个魔法阵的问题问完，时间还只剩下一分钟不到，他又问了一个炼药的问题。
At this time, after Wen Di finished asking the question of the ten magic arrays, there was less than a minute left in the time, and he asked another question about refining medicine.
王叶也顺利回答出来。 Wang Ye also answered smoothly.
至此，光幕上的倒计时也到了最后一秒。 At this point, the countdown on the light curtain has also reached the last second.
随着光幕一暗，望城总会长同时宣布：“挑战赛到此结束。”
As the light curtain dimmed, President Wangcheng announced at the same time: "This is the end of the challenge. ”
六名挑战者全都出现在了舞台上。 All six challengers appeared on stage.
撒奇尔脸色极为难看，他出来后就怒气冲冲地想要说什么，但还没等他开口，他的身体就被一个光罩给罩住，而他的身体也像是中了定身术一样，凝固在光罩中。
Thatcher's face was extremely ugly, and when he came out, he was furious and wanted to say something, but before he could speak, his body was covered by a light mask, and his body froze in the light mask as if he had been immobilized.
“诸位，你们这是什么意思？想对我儿子做什么？”一道极为不愉快的声音从观众席传来。
"Guys, what do you mean by that? What do you want to do with my son? An extremely unpleasant voice came from the audience.
观众席传来骚动，人们纷纷转头，明知道看不见，也要找找那位明光公爵。
There was a commotion in the audience, and people turned their heads one after another, knowing that they couldn't see it, but they also wanted to look for the Duke of Mingguang.
布鲁校长也出现在舞台上，他面对观众席说道：“撒埃德公爵，大赛方不会做出任何伤害参赛学生的事情，如今只是需要搜索相关证据。”
Principal Blue also appeared on the stage, and he said to the audience: "Duke Saed, the competition party will not do anything to harm the participating students, now it just needs to search for relevant evidence." ”
“什么证据？那根本就是污蔑！不要以为我不知道你们这是准备好了想要迫害我儿子。无论那个验心关还是那些光点，无非是你们特意做出来的手脚。”撒埃德愤怒回复。
"What evidence? That's a slander! Don't think I don't know that you are ready to persecute my son. Whether it is the heart test or those points of light, they are nothing more than your hands and feet deliberately made. Saeed replied angrily.
“是不是我们做出的手脚，所有观众都心中有数，而您虽然身份高贵，但对于我们学校来说，您只是一名学生家长。如果您觉得我们不应该处分您犯错的儿子，您可以让您儿子退学，再带走您儿子。”
"Whether we have done it or not, all the audience knows, and although you are noble, for our school, you are just a parent of a student. If you feel that we should not discipline your son for wrongdoing, you can withdraw your son from school and take him away. ”
“我当然要带走他！你们给予我儿、给予我和银月帝国的羞辱，我记下了！”
"Of course I'm going to take him! The humiliation you have given to my son, to me and to the Silvermoon Empire, I have written it down! ”
两名魔法师突然出现在舞台上，但他们还没有动手抢人，就被一股巨大的力量禁锢住。
The two magicians suddenly appeared on the stage, but before they could start to snatch people, they were imprisoned by a huge force.
古总会长沉厚的声音传出：“挑战赛还未彻底结束，未得允许，任何人不得接近看台和参赛学生。如违反，大赛方会当做侵入者对待！滚！”
President Gu's deep voice came out: "The challenge is not completely over, and no one is allowed to approach the stands and participating students without permission. If you violate it, you will be treated as an intruder! Get lost! ”
一个滚字，两名魔法师怎么来的又怎么回去了。 A rolling word, how did the two magicians come and how did they go back.
古总会长强大的实力就这么露出冰山一角，撒埃德着实给震撼了。
President Gu's powerful strength was revealed in this way, and Saeed was really shocked.
他第一次知道佣兵公会总会长竟然强到这种地步，他刚刚派出的两名魔法师可都是八级魔法师。
It was the first time he knew that the leader of the Mercenary Guild was so strong, and the two magicians he had just sent were both eighth-level magicians.
两名八级魔法师竟然不敌古总会长一招之敌，而且那位连面都没露。
The two eighth-level magicians were unexpectedly defeated by the opponent of the ancient president, and that one didn't even show his face.
观众席上的学生们眼中异彩连连，都对那位巨人总会长产生了万分敬仰之心，真的太厉害了！
The eyes of the students in the audience were full of brilliance, and they all had a great admiration for the giant president, which was really amazing!
布鲁校长叹息：“作为这次大赛的主办方，以及双月学校的校长，我对于我校学生出现这种恶劣行为，深感歉意。验心关并不是实际发生的事情，挑战者们无论在验心关做了什么事情，大赛方和学校都不会对学生进行任何惩罚。”
Principal Blue sighed: "As the organizer of this contest and the principal of Bimonthly School, I am deeply sorry for this bad behavior of our students. The test is not something that actually happens, and no matter what the challengers do at the test, neither the contest nor the school will punish the students. ”
“可是违反大赛规则，携带不应该携带的东西进入幻境考场，并利用这些东西对其他参赛者暗下毒手，却违反了大赛数项规定，对于这样的学生，一旦证据确凿，查证属实，大赛方和学校都将对其进行惩处。”
"However, violating the rules of the competition, bringing things that should not be carried into the fantasy examination room, and using these things to secretly poison other contestants, but violating several regulations of the competition, for such students, once the evidence is conclusive and verified, the competition party and the school will punish them."
布鲁校长一顿，转头看向被光罩禁锢住的撒奇尔。 Principal Blue paused, and turned to look at Thatcher, who was imprisoned by the light mask.
炼药公会总会长望城和七名各校教授组成的裁判团一起从光幕中走出。
Wang Cheng, the head of the Alchemy Guild, and the referee team composed of seven professors from various schools walked out of the light curtain together.
光幕中再次投射出撒奇尔的身形，望城会长手一招，就见撒奇尔的头发中陆续又飞出不少光点。
The light curtain once again projected the figure of Thatcher, and with a move from the head of Wangcheng, he saw that many points of light flew out of Thatcher's hair one after another.
七名裁判也走到撒奇尔身边，分别检查他的头发。 Seven referees also walked up to Thatchir and checked his hair.
这一幕全都出现在光幕中。 This scene is all in the light curtain.
撒埃德气得浑身发抖，这根本就是公开处刑！ Saeed trembled with anger, this is simply a public execution!
双月学校怎么敢？ How dare Bimoon School?
如果只是单一个双月学校，她是不敢，但现在是大赛组织和策划方的背后势力，是六大总公会和双月星全部超凡者学校的联合组织一起要彻查撒奇尔。
If it was just a single Bi-Moon School, she wouldn't dare, but now it is the force behind the organization and planner of the competition, and it is the joint organization of the Six General Guilds and all the Transcendent Schools of the Double Moon Star to thoroughly investigate Sakir.
他们还真没什么不敢的。 There's really nothing they don't dare.
银月帝国是很牛，但六大总会会加上超凡者学校联合组织，这是一股任何王国势力都无法抵抗的强大力量。
The Silver Moon Empire is very good, but the Six Great Guilds will join the Transcendent School Joint Organization, which is a powerful force that no kingdom can resist.
而且人家检查撒奇尔和惩处他，理由也非常正当，因为现在撒奇尔只是一名超凡者学校的学生，还正在参加大比，那么无论他原来是什么身份，现在都要按照一般学生来处理。
Moreover, the reason why people checked and punished Thatqir was also very legitimate, because now Thatcher is only a student of the School of the Transcendental, and he is still participating in the big competition, so no matter what his original identity is, he must now be dealt with as an ordinary student.
七名裁判都从撒奇尔的头发中发现了没有激活的虫卵。 All seven judges found unactivated eggs in Thatcher's hair.
虫卵其实也不多，只有大约三十多枚。 In fact, there are not many eggs, only about 30 or so.
这些虫卵就跟头皮屑一样隐藏在撒奇尔的头发中，肉眼几乎看不到。但被大赛方特别标注后，大家就能在光幕中看得清清楚楚。
The eggs are like dandruff hidden in Thatcher's hair, barely visible to the naked eye. But after being specially marked by the competition, everyone can see clearly in the light curtain.
七名裁判对望城总会长点头。 The seven referees nodded to the president of Wangcheng.
望城总会长这才宣布：“经过查证，十三名裁判全都确定参赛学生撒奇尔携带有害物进入幻境考场，并意图偷袭其他参赛者。在上场的炼药比试中，大赛方就已经在考场中发现了这种有害物残留，但当时没能抓到携带者，大赛方不会在没有证据的情况下随意污蔑他人，我们只算这场！”
President Wangcheng then announced: "After verification, all thirteen judges determined that the participating student Thatqir carried harmful objects into the Illusion Examination Room and intended to sneak attack other contestants. In the last alchemy competition, the contestant had already found this harmful residue in the examination room, but the carrier was not caught at that time, and the contestant would not slander others at will without evidence, let's just count this one! ”
“参赛生撒奇尔因为违反大赛两项规定，严重违规，现大赛方宣布取消其本届大比的所有参赛名次，并禁止其参加以后的任何一项比试，同时大赛方今后举行的任何学习和进修活动，撒奇尔都不能参加。”
"Because the contestant Thatch violated the two regulations of the competition, serious violations, the competition party now announces the cancellation of all his participation in this competition, and prohibits him from participating in any future competition, and at the same time, the competition party will not be able to participate in any future learning and further education activities."
望城总会长取走撒奇尔头发中的所有虫卵，这才一挥手，让光罩离开撒奇尔。
The Governor of Wangcheng took all the eggs from Thatcher's hair, and with a wave of his hand, let the mask leave Thatcher.
撒奇尔身体一能动，差点一个踉跄跌倒。 Thatcher's body was so active that he almost stumbled and fell.
撒奇尔气得表情扭曲，眼珠子都红了，整个人就像一只疯牛一般，对着看台上的望城总会长等人怒骂：“你们怎么敢！你们这些贱民，你们知道我是谁吗？你们敢这样对我！我不会放过你们！我……”
Thatcher was so angry that his expression was distorted, his eyes were red, and the whole person was like a mad cow, and he scolded angrily at the president of Wangcheng and others in the stands: "How dare you! Do you know who I am, you untouchables? How dare you do this to me! I won't let you go! I ......"
撒奇尔突然身体一软，眼睛一闭，身体向后倒下。 Thatcher suddenly went limp, his eyes closed, and he fell backwards.
但他身体还没倒下，人就凭空浮起。 But before he could fall, he floated out of thin air.
一道黑影闪过，撒奇尔消失。 A dark shadow flashed, and Thatchir vanished.
同时一道不高不低、几乎没什么情绪的淡淡的男子声音响起：“让你们看笑话了，这个小孽畜我就带走了。”
At the same time, a faint man's voice sounded, neither high nor low, almost emotionless: "Let you see the joke, I will take this little evil beast away." ”
古总会长的声音冒出：“大帝愿意亲自处置，那是最好。”
President Gu's voice came out: "The Great Emperor is willing to deal with it personally, that's the best." ”
众人皆惊。那位大帝来了？那位大帝竟然到了现场？！ Everyone was shocked. The Emperor is here? That Emperor actually arrived at the scene?!
观众席骚动得更加厉害，不少学生都十分兴奋。 The audience was in even more turmoil, and many students were very excited.
大帝撒尔曼那可是传说级别的人物了，和那六位总会长大人一样，都是双月星最顶尖的超级大佬。
Emperor Salman is a legendary-level figure, and like the six elders, they are all the top super bosses of the Double Moon Star.
一想到这位大帝一直在看他们比赛，慕强的天性让学生们难免会产生一点亢奋情绪。
Thinking that the emperor had been watching them play, Mu Qiang's nature made the students inevitably feel a little excited.
虽说撒奇尔很糟糕，但撒奇尔也只不过是大帝的侄孙而已，大家并没有因此对大帝产生反感，反而觉得大帝很倒霉，竟然会有这么一个侄孙。
Although Thatcher is very bad, but Thatcher is just the nephew of the Emperor, and everyone is not disgusted with the Emperor because of this, but feels that the Emperor is very unlucky to have such a nephew.
而且这位大帝可是从头到尾都没有干扰大赛方，直到大赛方确定了撒奇尔的罪证，撒奇尔在台上难看地撒泼，这位大帝才出手把人敲昏带走。
And this emperor did not interfere with the big party from beginning to end, until the big game party confirmed the evidence of Thatcher's guilt, and Thatch splashed ugly on the stage, and the emperor knocked people unconscious and took them away.
而以大帝的能力，他如果不想大赛方给撒奇尔定罪，想要干扰挑战赛，中途出手逼停挑战赛，对他也不是什么特别困难的事。
为此，不少学生还对这位大帝产生了好感。
明光公爵撒埃德不算，听他说话就知道，那人和他儿子差不多，都不是什么好货色。
众学生又同情了大帝一波，可悲啊，两个继承人竟然都这么糟糕。
王叶在看台上撇嘴，他还想找撒奇尔“聊聊”呢，没想到那位大帝竟然来了，还把人给弄走了。
王叶又抬眼看向陨星坐席那边，他在担心兰道教授。
兰道在听到那道声音时，眼皮就微微一跳。
但也就是这样了，那人已经无法对他造成任何影响。
但当兰道把目光投注到前面的雷木身上时，他心中又升起了出奇的怒火。
雷木的出生会不会跟那人有关？
如果真是这样……
兰道按住眉心，他不想被愤怒的情绪控制。
舞台上，望城总会长抬手按了按。
观众席上的骚动逐渐平息，议论声也逐渐消失。
“违规者已经处理完毕，现在我们将公布本次挑战赛的获胜者。”望城总会长侧身，看向剩下的五名挑战者。
“恭喜陨星魔法学校，挑战者小叶子，在本次挑战赛中共获得610分的绝好成绩，成为这次挑战赛当之无愧的头名！”
啪啪啪！热烈的掌声在全场响起，还有不少学生吹起口哨，巨人和兽人学校的学生最闹腾，陨星的学生更是大喊小叶子的名字，在看台上又蹦又跳。
望城总会长又看向其他四名挑战者，笑道：“你们表现也很不错，可惜你们碰上了小叶子。”
大家一起笑起来。
四名挑战者看到小叶子的分数后，惊诧至极。他们亲身参加了这场挑战赛，自然知道这场挑战赛有多难，想要拿满分在他们看来几乎是不可能的事情。
可小叶子的分数却这么高，这表示什么？这不就表示小叶子在那些关卡几乎都是满分通过？
等四名挑战者到了台下看了学校师长录制的小叶子和其他人在挑战赛中的全程表现，对小叶子就更是服气了。
这种绝对的碾压，让他们清楚知道，他们的差距真不是短时间能追赶上的。
This kind of absolute crushing makes it clear to them that their gap is really not something that can catch up in a short period of time.
等四名挑战者走下舞台，台上只剩下王叶一人时，望城总会长走到了王叶身边。
他伸手摸了摸王叶的头。
王叶没能躲过。
布鲁校长就站在一边，看着王叶，目光复杂至极。 Principal Blue stood aside, looking at Wang Ye with an extremely complicated gaze.
望城总会长看小孩不太高兴的样子，嘴角弯了弯。 The president of Wangcheng saw that the child was not very happy, and the corners of his mouth curved.
“恭喜你获得了炼药比试第一名，你赢得了挑战赛，那么炼药比试的头名和奖励都会颁给你。”
"Congratulations on winning the first place in the alchemy competition, you won the challenge, then the first place and reward in the alchemy competition will be awarded to you."
“谢谢。”王叶提高声音：“那么现在是不是可以宣布另外一件事了。”
"Thank you." Wang Ye raised his voice: "Then is it okay to announce another thing now?" ”
望城总会长逗小孩，故意问：“什么事？” President Wangcheng teased the child and deliberately asked, "What's the matter?" ”
王叶差点翻白眼，好不容易忍住，耐着性子道：“我师父闻笛啊，我现在已经完成他说的三个条件了吧？那他现在能跟我走了吧？”
Wang Ye almost rolled his eyes, but finally couldn't hold back, and said patiently: "My master Wen Di, I have now completed the three conditions he said, right?" Can he go with me now? ”
“哈哈哈！”望城总会长大笑。 "Hahaha!" Wangcheng always laughed.
看台上也是一片笑声。 There was also laughter in the stands.
实在是小叶子的说法太逗了，简直就跟闻笛本来就是他师父，而他这个小徒弟是来双月学校赎人的一样。
It's really Xiao Yezi's statement that is too funny, it's just like Wen Di was originally his master, and he, a little apprentice, came to the Double Moon School to redeem people.
坐在看台上的闻笛也低低笑骂了一声：“小兔崽子！” Wen Di, who was sitting in the stands, also chuckled and scolded: "Little rabbit cub! ”
第226章 闻笛归属 Chapter 226: Wen Di Belongs
乾副校长掐好时机，就在这时站了起来，面向双月学校的坐席那边，面带笑容地盛情邀请道：“闻笛教授，本人乾明，陨星副校长，我谨代表我校以最诚挚的心邀请您加入我校，并成为小叶子的指导教授。关于福利待遇方面，您请放心，首先不会低于您在双月的待遇，其次，您有任何想法，我们都可以谈。”
Vice President Qian pinched the moment, stood up at this moment, faced the seat of the Shuangyue School, and invited warmly with a smile: "Professor Wen Di, I, Qianming, Vice President of Meteorite, on behalf of our school, I would like to invite you to join our school with the most sincere heart and become Xiao Yezi's supervisor. In terms of benefits, you can rest assured that firstly, it will not be lower than what you are paid in the fortnightly months, and secondly, if you have any ideas, we can talk about them. ”
王叶在舞台上也跟着垫脚尖喊：“师父，我已经按照您说的完成您的条件啦，您可不能说话不算数。”
Wang Ye also shouted on tiptoe on the stage: "Master, I have fulfilled your conditions according to what you said, you can't talk and don't count." ”
乾副校长身边的魔药院长忽然起身鼓掌道：“欢迎闻笛教授加入我校。”
The Potions Dean beside Vice President Qian suddenly stood up and applauded, "Welcome Professor Wen Di to our school." ”
陨星的师生意会，非常给面子地一起鼓掌，并齐声道：“欢迎闻笛教授加入我校！”
The teachers and students of Meteorite applauded together very face-savingly, and said in unison: "Welcome Professor Wen Di to our school!" ”
虫老暗中翻了个白眼，他没出声，但也没反对。 The worm elder secretly rolled his eyes, he didn't say anything, but he didn't object either.
兰道笑了笑，也抬手跟着鼓掌。 Landau smiled and raised his hand to applaud.
闻笛起身，对着陨星方面微微颔首，右手双指轻点胸口，行了个通用的魔法师礼。
Wen Di got up, bowed slightly to the meteor side, and tapped the two fingers of his right hand on his chest, making a general magician salute.
他没有说一个字，但他没有否决陨星的邀请，就表示他已经认可此事，一切尽在不言中。
He didn't say a word, but he didn't veto the Meteorite's invitation, indicating that he had approved of the matter, and everything was in plain sight.
随着闻笛这个回礼，看台上跟着响起了热烈的掌声。 With the return of Wen Di, the stands resounded with warm applause.
这些都是其他学校凑热闹的，所有学校都是第一次遇到有教授被学生勾跑的神奇事情，反正不是自己学校的教授被勾跑，而其他学校也非常乐得看双月的笑话——以前可都是双月的教授勾走他们学校的天才学生，如今事情反过来，能不让各校大佬心中暴爽吗。
These are all other schools joining in the fun, all schools are the first time to encounter a professor being hooked up by a student, anyway, it's not the professor of their own school who is hooked up, and other schools are also very happy to see the jokes of the two moons - in the past, it was the professors of the two months who hooked up the genius students of their school, but now things are reversed, can you not make the bigwigs of each school feel violent.
双月的学生很苦逼，他们绝大多数人并不了解闻笛教授，但被人抢的才最香，如今看闻笛教授竟然被陨星那个小叶子真抢走，顿时心里都很不是滋味。
The students of Shuangyue are very hard, most of them don't know Professor Wendi, but they are the most fragrant when they are robbed, and now they see that Professor Wendi was really snatched away by the little leaf of the falling star, and they suddenly feel very uncomfortable.
而双月的某些大佬可是非常清楚闻笛的价值，作为双月的一员，他们并不希望闻笛离开双月，就算离开，也不希望他去加入其他学校。
And some of the bigwigs of Shuangyue are very aware of the value of Wendi, as a member of Shuangyue, they don't want Wendi to leave Shuangyue, even if they leave, they don't want him to join other schools.
但闻笛之前立下的条件，他们也都听到了，可以说就是换了他们自己也不一定能达到。
But they have also heard the conditions set before hearing the flute, so it can be said that even if they change themselves, they may not be able to meet them.
他们有的人擅长魔药，有的人擅长医学，有的人擅长魔法阵，也许每个专业方面他们都比小叶子强得多，但三者合一，并学到能解答闻笛在挑战赛所出题目的程度，那就真没几个了。
Some of them are good at potions, some are good at medicine, some are good at magic arrays, maybe they are much stronger than Xiao Ye in every professional aspect, but if they combine the three and learn to be able to solve the problems that Wen Di came up with in the challenge, then there are really few of them.
好吧，是没有一个。 Well, there is no one.
不说以前，至少这百多年来，能魔法阵和医药三修，且都修到八级接近九级的超凡者也就只有一个闻笛而已。
Not to mention the past, at least in the past hundred years, there has only been one transcendent person who can cultivate the magic array and medicine three times, and all of them have cultivated to the eighth level and close to the ninth level.
所以闻笛想要收取一个同样能在三项上面有天赋的天才学生，有错吗？
So is it wrong for Wen Di to want to charge a genius student who can also be gifted in three things?
当然没错！ Absolutely!
讲实话，如果不是小叶子已经是陨星的学生并早早宣布要拜闻笛为师。其他大佬对展露出多项天赋、一看就不是凡品的王小叶早就下手勾搭了。
To tell the truth, if it weren't for Xiao Yezi, who was already a student of Meteorite and announced early that he would worship Wendi as a teacher. The other bigwigs have already hooked up with Wang Xiaoye, who has shown a lot of talent and is not ordinary at first glance.
甚至如果不是大比期间突然传出小叶子中了千木之毒的事，就小叶子这个表现，早不知有多少学校和教授私下接触他。
Even if it weren't for the sudden rumor that Xiao Ye had been poisoned by a thousand trees during the big competition, I don't know how many schools and professors would have contacted him privately.
道理大家心里都明白，且小叶子也已经完美达成闻笛提出的转校条件，但事实真的摆到面前，双月的大佬们心里还是很不是滋味，但他们不好说什么，更不能明着让闻笛背信违诺，现在他们只能指望校长布鲁能说些什么，至少能想出什么方法留住闻笛。
Everyone understands the truth in their hearts, and Xiao Yezi has also perfectly met the conditions for transferring to the school proposed by Wen Di, but the facts are really in front of them, and the big guys of Shuangyue are still very unhappy in their hearts, but they can't say anything, let alone make Wen Di break his promise, and now they can only count on what Principal Blue can say, at least they can come up with some way to keep Wen Di.
嗯，如果能把小叶子也一并勾到双月来，那最好。 Well, it would be best if you could hook the small leaves into the bilunar as well.
站在舞台上的布鲁校长开口了：“挑战赛已经结束，不如我们先宣布新的炼药比试名次并为获奖的学生颁奖，至于其他私事，我们可以等比赛结束以后，让相关者坐下面谈。”
Principal Blue, who was standing on the stage, spoke: "The challenge is over, why don't we announce the new alchemy competition rankings and award the winning students first, as for other personal matters, we can wait for the competition to end and let the relevant people sit down and talk." ”
布鲁校长还满脸笑容地对王叶说道：“小叶子，请让我这个双月校长，在此再次诚挚并正式地邀请你，欢迎你加入我校。我们双月就需要你这样的学生，你可以和你的闻笛教授一起留下，而我校愿意竭尽全力帮你想办法解除你身上的千木之毒。”
Principal Blue also said to Wang Ye with a smile on his face: "Xiao Yezi, please let me, the bi-monthly principal, sincerely and formally invite you again to welcome you to join our school. We need students like you every two months, you can stay with your professor Wendi, and our school is willing to do everything we can to help you find a way to remove the poison from your body. ”
乾副校长和陨星的师生们差点气炸，乾副校长冷脸道：“布鲁杰尔德你什么意思，闻笛教授的转校条件都说好了，你现在是想违背诺言吗？”
Vice Principal Qian and the teachers and students of Meteor almost exploded, and Vice Principal Qian said with a cold face: "What do you mean, Brugelde, Professor Wendi's transfer conditions have been agreed, do you want to break your promise now?" ”
布鲁校长心中说：这是你们说好的条件，我又没答应。 Principal Blue said in his heart: This is the condition you said was good, and I didn't agree.
但嘴上他带着微笑说道：“我当然不会让闻笛教授违背诺言，只不过闻笛教授的诺言也只是建立在小叶子的意愿上。如果小叶子愿意转校到我校，那闻笛教授自然也不用转校。”
But he said with a smile on his lips: "Of course I won't let Professor Wen Di break his promise, but Professor Wen Di's promise is only based on Xiao Yezi's wishes." If Xiao Yezi is willing to transfer to our school, then Professor Wendi naturally does not need to transfer to another school. ”
“你想屁吃呢！”乾副校长直接爆粗口，爆完了，他又风度翩翩地道：“抱歉，情绪一时激动，希望布鲁校长不要介意。”
"You want to eat!" Vice Principal Qian directly burst into foul language, and after the explosion, he said gracefully: "I'm sorry, I was emotional for a while, I hope Principal Blue doesn't mind." ”
现场响起不少低笑声。 There was a lot of low laughter at the scene.
布鲁校长脸上笑容消失，声音淡淡地道：“小叶子是留在陨星，还是转校到我双月，我们是不是要听听学生本人的意愿？不过这事不急，我们不妨先把炼药比试和挑战赛的最后一步结束。望城总会长？”
The smile on Principal Blue's face disappeared, and he said in a faint voice: "Does Xiao Yezi stay in the Meteorite or transfer to my bimoon, do we want to listen to the wishes of the students themselves?" But there's no rush on this matter, we might as well finish the last step of the alchemy competition and challenge first. President Wangcheng? ”
望城了然。布鲁校长这是想私下找闻笛和小叶子面谈，他不肯现在就把事情当着众校的面定下来，而只要不定下来，那就一切还有挽回的可能。
Look at the city. Principal Blue wanted to talk to Wen Di and Xiao Yezi in private, he refused to settle the matter in front of the school now, and as long as it was not decided, then everything could be reversed.
但王叶出了这么大风头、冒了那么大的危险，辛辛苦苦折腾到现在，怎么愿意让闻笛转校的事情再出现波折。而且他对逼迫闻笛师父收撒奇尔为徒的双月校长非常不爽，更记恨双月学校很可能在上辈子没有保护闻笛师父，甚至落井下石的事，就这样的学校，他怎么会愿意转过来？更不可能让闻笛师父留在这样的学校。
But Wang Ye has been in such a big limelight and has taken such a big risk, and he has worked hard until now, how can he be willing to let Wendi's transfer of schools have twists and turns. Moreover, he was very unhappy with the Principal of Shuangyue who forced Master Wendi to accept Sarqir as an apprentice, and even resented that the Shuangyue School probably did not protect Master Wendi in his previous life, and even fell into the ground, how could he be willing to turn around such a school? It is even more impossible to let Master Wen Di stay in such a school.
当即，王叶就抢在望城总会长开口之前，蹦到前面大声道：“我现在就可以说出答案，我不可能转校，我生是陨星的人、死是陨星的鬼，除非陨星先对不起我，否则我是不会离开陨星的。”
Immediately, Wang Ye jumped in front of him before the president of Wangcheng could speak, and said loudly: "I can tell the answer now, I can't change schools, I was born as a meteorite and died as a ghost of a meteorite, unless the meteorite is sorry for me first, I will not leave the meteorite." ”
“说得好！”乾副校长鼓掌，满脸欣慰，转而又对布鲁校长道：“你也听到我们学校学生小叶子的最真实心愿了，他丝毫不会考虑转到其他学校。在此，就请某些人不要再去想某些糊涂心思。其实事已至此，根本没什么好说的，学校教职工和学生是否想要转校，还是要看他们本人的意愿。学校可以挽留，但强求就没意思了。”
"Well said!" Vice Principal Qian applauded, his face was full of satisfaction, and then he said to Principal Blue: "You have also heard the most sincere wish of our school student Xiao Yezi, he will not consider transferring to another school at all. Here, I would like to ask some people to stop thinking about certain foolish thoughts. In fact, there is nothing to say at all, whether the school staff and students want to transfer depends on their own wishes. Schools can keep it, but it's no fun to force it. ”
布鲁校长原本还指望闻笛能站出来对小叶子说些什么，比如让他私下详谈之类，但闻笛一直保持沉默，这态度……闻笛的意思显然已经很明确了。
Principal Blue originally expected Wen Di to stand up and say something to Xiao Yezi, such as asking him to talk in detail in private, but Wen Di kept silent, which attitude was ...... The meaning of Wen Di is obviously clear.
布鲁校长保持了最后的风度，“当然，我们双月学校建校至今，从没有强求一说，我们渴求人才，但如果有人一心想要求去，我们会诚挚挽留但绝不会强行阻拦。且只要对方不做出任何对双月不利之事，我校还会送上诚挚祝福。”
Principal Blue maintained the last demeanor, "Of course, since the establishment of our Bimonthly School, we have never forced a word, we are thirsty for talents, but if someone wants to go, we will sincerely keep but will never forcibly block it." And as long as the other party does not do anything unfavorable to Biyue, our school will also send sincere blessings. ”
王叶仗着他现在年龄小，堂而皇之地插话：“感谢布鲁校长的宽容和理解，那接下来就请总会长大人宣布比赛结果，然后我就可以去接我闻笛师父回家啦~！”
Wang Ye relied on his young age now, and interjected magnificently: "Thank you Principal Blue for your tolerance and understanding, then I will ask the President to announce the results of the competition, and then I can go and pick up Master Wendi to go home~!" ”
王叶说完就转头看望城总会长，一脸催促的表情。 After Wang Ye finished speaking, he turned his head to look at the city president, with an urging expression.
望城忍笑，如了这小东西的意——闻笛显然很喜欢这个小东西，他很了解闻笛，就闻笛那眼睛里揉不进沙子的性子，如果他看不中这孩子，谁都别想强迫他。
Wangcheng couldn't help but smile, as this little thing means - Wen Di obviously likes this little thing very much, he knows Wen Di very well, just Wen Di's temperament that can't rub sand in his eyes, if he doesn't like this child, no one wants to force him.
望城没理会布鲁校长的脸色，当场重新宣布了炼药比试的名次，并让获得前三名的学生上台领奖。
Wangcheng ignored Principal Blue's face, re-announced the ranking of the alchemy competition on the spot, and asked the top three students to come to the stage to receive the award.
王叶、巴迪、简学领了他们应得的奖励，高高兴兴地下去了。
Wang Ye, Buddy, and Jian Xue received the reward they deserved and went down happily.
王叶一下看台，就蹦去找闻笛。 As soon as Wang Ye got out of the stands, he jumped to find Wendi.
台上，布鲁校长忍着各种不爽，又请一位总会长抽出下一轮比试内容，是魔法阵。
On the stage, Principal Blue endured all kinds of unhappiness, and asked a president to draw out the content of the next round of competition, which was the magic array.
次日上午的比试内容宣布后，会场的观众们就各自散开，但这时走的人还不多。
When the content of the competition was announced the next morning, the audience dispersed, but not many people left.
不少学校的大佬都在暗中关注那一对新出炉的师徒。 Many school bigwigs are secretly paying attention to the newly baked pair of masters and apprentices.
眼见小叶子直奔双月坐席，各校师生都不禁咋舌，这小叶子胆子真的贼大，也不怕双月的人把他吞了。
Seeing Xiao Yezi go straight to the Shuangyue seat, the teachers and students of all schools couldn't help but be speechless, this Xiao Yezi was really bold, and he was not afraid that Shuangyue's people would swallow him.
不过他们也知道双月就算想要对小叶子做什么，也不可能当着这么多人的面。
However, they also knew that even if Shuangyue wanted to do something to Xiao Yezi, it would be impossible for him to do so much in front of so many people.
这也是小叶子聪明的地方——很多事情真的不能等，夜长梦多，早敲定早好。等避开人眼，谁知道又会发生什么波折。
This is also where Xiao Yezi is smart - many things really can't wait, the night is long and there are many dreams, and it is good to finalize it early. When you avoid the human eye, who knows what twists and turns will happen.
双月的师生就看某个小东西胆大包天地跑到他们双月的席位，直接伸手去拉闻笛：“师父，我来接您啦，跟我走吧~”
The teachers and students of the two moons saw that a little thing had the audacity to run to their seats in the two moons, and directly reached out to pull the flute: "Master, I'm here to pick you up, come with me~"
闻笛抬手就敲了王叶脑门一下，笑骂：“急什么，我就在这里，还怕我跑掉不成。”
Wen Di raised his hand and knocked on Wang Ye's head, and scolded with a smile: "What's the hurry, I'm here, I'm afraid that I won't be able to run away." ”
王叶插腰，昂起脑袋说：“没错，我就是怕你跑掉，更怕某些人赖账。”
Wang Ye thrust his waist, raised his head and said, "That's right, I'm just afraid that you will run away, and I'm even more afraid that some people will pay their bills." ”
双月有大佬发出轻哼，还有人对闻笛出言挽留：“闻笛教授，我知道您不想违背诺言，但转校事大，还请您郑重考虑。”
In the second month, some bigwigs snorted softly, and some people said to Wen Di: "Professor Wen Di, I know you don't want to break your promise, but the transfer of schools is a big matter, and I ask you to seriously consider it." ”
“是啊，闻笛教授，您年少时就在双月读书，之后还留在双月教学，这么多年下来，您真的舍得离开双月吗？”
"Yes, Professor Wen Di, you studied in Bimonthly when you were young, and then you stayed in Bimonthly to teach, after so many years, are you really willing to leave Biyue?"
“不离开，等着你们学校以后再给我师父塞一个撒奇尔那样的小贱人吗？”王叶用力瞪周围大佬。
"Don't leave, wait for your school to stuff a little slut like Thatcher for my master later?" Wang Ye glared at the surrounding bigwigs hard.
双月好些大佬被噎住，他们之前也不知道撒奇尔竟然是那样一个人啊。这不是大家都以为他是天才吗？而所有人都觉得让闻笛收下隔壁的帝国继承人做徒弟是一件好事，有些教授为此还有些妒忌呢。
Many of the big guys in Shuangyue were choked, and they didn't know that Thatcher was such a person. Doesn't everyone think he's a genius? And everyone thinks that it is a good thing to let Wen Di accept the heir of the empire next door as an apprentice, and some professors are a little jealous of this.
闻笛起身，摸摸王叶的脑袋，抓起他的手：“行了，走吧。”
Wen Di got up, touched Wang Ye's head, and grabbed his hand: "Okay, let's go." ”
“闻笛教授！”双月的副校长过来，不赞成地低喊。 "Professor Wendi!" The vice-principal of the two moons came over and shouted in disapproval.
闻笛不冷不淡道：“我给出条件，有人达成，我自然要遵守这个约定。否则以后我心神有罅，必将不得寸进。”
Wen Di said coldly: "I give the conditions, and someone reaches it, so I naturally have to abide by this agreement." Otherwise, I will not be able to advance an inch in the future. ”
双月的副校长说不出话了，超凡者都很注重许下的诺言和定下的契约，契约有束缚作用，诺言则关系到精神力，有些很玄乎的作用，大家也不是第一次听到有人违背诺言导致境界再也无法提升的事。
The vice principal of the two months was speechless, the transcendents pay attention to the promises made and the contracts made, the contract has a binding effect, and the promise is related to the spiritual power, and there are some very mysterious effects, and it is not the first time that everyone has heard that someone has broken the promise and the realm can no longer be improved.
“闻笛教授，小叶子，我们过来接你们了。”乾副校长的笑声在外圈响起。
"Professor Wendi, Xiao Yezi, we're here to pick you up." Vice Principal's laughter rang out in the outer circle.
双月的人就看到陨星的副校长带着炼药学院院长和魔阵学院院长，以及四名学校护卫过来接人了。
The people of Shuangyue saw that the vice principal of the Meteorite came to pick them up with the dean of the Alchemy Academy and the dean of the Demon Array Academy, as well as four school guards.
这个阵仗可以说相当豪华，也给足了闻笛面子。 This battle can be said to be quite luxurious, and it also gives Wen Di enough face.
同样，双月也清楚，陨星副校长和两位院长亲自过来接人，与其说是给闻笛面子，还不如说是来保护那个小叶子的，这是生怕自家宝贝蛋吃一点亏。
Similarly, Shuangyue also knew that the vice principal of Meteorite and the two deans came to pick up people in person, not so much to save face as to protect that little leaf, for fear that their baby eggs would suffer a little loss.
双月副校长还想布鲁校长能过来拦一拦，但见布鲁从舞台上离开后就没出现，心中也明白了布鲁的意思。
Vice Principal Shuangyue also thought that Principal Blue could come over to stop him, but seeing that Blue didn't show up after leaving the stage, he understood what Blue meant.
不管布鲁校长有多么不希望闻笛离开，至少在表面上，他不能当着众校和六大总会长的面，和闻笛、和陨星撕破脸。
No matter how much Principal Blue didn't want Wendi to leave, at least on the surface, he couldn't tear his face with Wendi and Meteorite in front of the schools and the presidents of the six presidents.
双月副校长苦笑，让开了脚步。 Vice Principal Shuangyue smiled bitterly and stepped out of the way.
闻笛一心想走，他们拦着又能拦多久。 Wendi wanted to leave, how long could they stop it.
其他双月大佬看闻笛这个架势，似乎也明白了什么。敢情闻笛不止是因为有人达成了他提出的条件，而是因为闻笛本人也想离开双月？
The other bi-moon bosses also seemed to understand something when they saw Wen Di's posture. Dare to fall in love with Wendi not only because someone has met the conditions he proposed, but because Wendi himself also wants to leave Shuangyue?
所以咱们校长到底做了什么，竟然惹得闻笛教授要弃校离开？
So what did our president do to provoke Professor Wendi to abandon the school and leave?
只一个撒奇尔有那么大威力吗？ Is only one Thatcher that powerful?
有些大佬忍不住就多想了些，他们想到闻笛常年不回学校、也不愿开班授课，想到闻笛年少时和学校的某些利益交换传言，想到闻笛似乎和学校其他教职工一直都是若即若离……
Some bigwigs couldn't help but think about it more, they thought of Wendi not going back to school all year round, and they didn't want to start classes, thinking of rumors that Wendi was exchanging some interests with the school when he was young, and thinking that Wendi seemed to be inseparable from the other teachers and staff of the school all the time......
只看现在，学校这么多教职工，竟然没有一人能以闻笛至交好友的身份，站出来说话劝慰，就可知闻笛和学校众教授的关系有多平淡了。
Just look at the fact that there are so many faculty and staff in the school now, and none of them can stand up and speak out as Wen Di's best friend, you can see how dull the relationship between Wen Di and the professors in the school is.
原本听说闻笛教授和校长布鲁的关系还不错，可布鲁校长偏偏走了一步臭棋，要把那个撒奇尔塞给闻笛。如果闻笛真的把布鲁校长当朋友看，那一定会很生气。
Originally, I heard that Professor Wendi and Principal Blue had a good relationship, but Principal Blue made a bad move to give that Sacher to Wendi. If Wendi really regarded Principal Blue as a friend, he would be very angry.
换了自己，如果至交好友为了某些利益给自己塞那么一个玩意，还逼着自己非要接受，那自己也会受不了，并从此和那位好友友尽吧？
If you change yourself, if your best friend stuffs such a thing for some benefit, and forces yourself to accept it, then you will not be able to stand it, and you will be friends with that friend from now on, right?
想到这里，双月的各位大佬也都保持沉默不再劝阻闻笛。
Thinking of this, all the bigwigs of the two moons also remained silent and no longer discouraged Wen Di.
还有人很大方地当场给闻笛送上祝福：“恭喜闻教授收此佳徒，望君以后更加一帆风顺。”
There were also people who generously sent their blessings to Wen Di on the spot: "Congratulations to Professor Wen for accepting this good apprentice, I hope you will have more smooth sailing in the future." ”
双月副校长见此情形，知道再也无法阻拦，也收起苦脸，勉强挤出笑容，对闻笛道：“闻笛教授，双月永远是您的家，以后在外如果有任何不愉快，欢迎回来，双月的大门永远为您敞开。”
Seeing this, Vice President Shuangyue knew that he could no longer stop it, so he put away his bitter face, barely squeezed out a smile, and said to Wen Di: "Professor Wen Di, Shuangyue will always be your home, if there is any unpleasantness outside in the future, welcome back, the door of Shuangyue will always be open for you." ”
闻笛对这位副校长印象不深，闻言多看了他一眼，点头道：“多谢。”
Wen Di was not impressed by the vice principal, Wen Yan glanced at him more, nodded and said, "Thank you." ”
看到闻笛教授牵着王小叶从双月坐席出来，乾副校长立刻上前迎接：“闻笛教授，欢迎！请。”
Seeing Professor Wen Di leading Wang Xiaoye out of the bilunar seat, Vice President Qian immediately stepped forward to greet him: "Professor Wen Di, welcome!" Please. ”
闻笛教授半点没有换到新单位的局促，他就跟带着孩子到学校报道的家长一样，特别自在并随意地说道：“乾副校长，我们聊聊。”
Professor Wen Di was not at all cramped to change to a new unit, he was like a parent who brought his child to the school to report, he was very comfortable and said casually: "Vice Principal, let's talk." ”
“当然。” "Of course."
下面就是大人们具体谈条件的时间，王小叶被赶走了。 The following is the time for the adults to talk about the conditions, and Wang Xiaoye was driven away.
王叶对闻笛眨眨眼，被闻笛师父揉了揉脑袋推到来接他的雷木怀中。
Wang Ye winked at Wen Di, and was pushed into Lei Mu's arms by Master Wen Di who rubbed his head and came to pick him up.
王叶放心了，闻笛师父看样子早有准备，都没说要回去双月收拾东西什么的，看来是早就收拾好了。
Wang Ye was relieved, Master Wendi seemed to have been prepared, and he didn't say that he was going back to Biyue to pack his things or anything, it seemed that he had already packed up.
王叶又瞅瞅乾副校长。 Wang Ye also glanced at Vice Principal Qian.
乾副校长失笑：“行了，一边玩去，别在这儿捣乱。你也不看看你闻笛师父是什么人，他会是愿意吃亏的吗？”
Vice Principal Qian smiled: "Okay, let's play while playing, don't make trouble here." Don't you look at who your Wendi master is, will he be willing to suffer? ”
闻笛眼神不善地盯了一眼乾副校长。 Wen Di stared at Vice Principal Qian with unkind eyes.
乾副校长一副“都是自己人，就不玩虚伪”的表情。 Vice President Qian's expression of "they are all their own people, so they don't play hypocrisy."
闻笛呵呵，既然不玩虚的，那我们就好好谈谈条件吧。 Listen to the flute, since you don't play false, then let's talk about the conditions.
乾副校长听着闻笛毫不客气地开出一个又一个条件，真实不做作地露出了头疼模样。
Listening to Wen Di, Vice President Qian unceremoniously offered one condition after another, and really showed a headache without pretentiousness.
唉，大佬就是大佬，开条件半点不手软，好歹看在你那小弟子份上，含蓄一点嘛。
Alas, the big guy is the big guy, and the conditions are not soft at all, so for the sake of your little disciple, be a little more subtle.
闻笛教授：含蓄？我为什么要含蓄？我现在提的条件越高，对那小兔崽子不也更好？我这个做师父的得到的资源越多，才能给弟子更多资源不是吗？
Professor Wendi: Subtle? Why should I be subtle? The higher the conditions I am proposing now, wouldn't it be better for that little rabbit? The more resources I get as a master, the more resources I can give to my disciples, isn't it?
王叶看乾副校长明着一副头疼的模样，实际眼角眉梢都是得意笑容，就知道闻笛师父能来陨星，陨星上下是有多么高兴。
Wang Ye saw that Vice Principal Qian had a headache, but in fact, the corners of his eyes and eyebrows were smug smiles, and he knew how happy Master Wendi was to come to the meteorite and how happy he was to be up and down the meteorite.
其他学校的大佬们见闻笛真的去了陨星，心中不禁对陨星各种羡慕妒忌。
When the bigwigs of other schools saw that Di had really gone to the Meteorite, they couldn't help but feel all kinds of envy and jealousy for the Meteorite.
这陨星竟然真的把闻笛给弄到手了！ This meteorite actually got his hands on Wen Di!
啧，双月这次可真的是血亏。不但得罪了隔壁银月帝国的明光公爵父子，还把自家超牛逼教授给“逼”得转校，也不知道现在双月上下是个什么滋味。
Tsk, Shuangyue is really a blood loss this time. not only offended the father and son of Duke Mingguang of the Silver Moon Empire next door, but also "forced" his super awesome professor to transfer to another school, and I don't know what it's like to go up and down the two moons now.
反正那位布鲁校长绝对不会好受，等闻笛转校的消息传回双月内部，恐怕双月某些已经不管事的老一辈就要出来找布鲁校长的麻烦了。
Anyway, Principal Blue will definitely not feel good, and when the news of Wendi's transfer of schools comes back to Biyue, I'm afraid that some of the older generations who have been out of business in Biyue will come out to trouble Principal Blue.
雷木见闻笛真的顺利转到陨星，也松了口气。 Lei Mu was also relieved to hear that the flute had really successfully transferred to the meteorite.
在听到小叶子说了“上辈子”的事后，雷木就盼望着闻笛能早点转到陨星。
After hearing Xiao Yezi say "last life", Lei Mu hoped that Wendi would be able to transfer to the meteorite as soon as possible.
人生痕迹都不一样了，那命运肯定也能改变吧？ The traces of life are different, so surely fate can also be changed, right?
王叶忽然扭头。 Wang Ye suddenly turned his head.
雷木顺着他的目光看过去，就见穿着黑袍的兰道教授对他们点了点头。
Lei Mu followed his gaze and saw Professor Landau in black robe nodding to them.
虫老似乎心情不太好，瞪了眼小叶子，起身就走了。 The insect elder didn't seem to be in a good mood, glared at Xiao Yezi, got up and left.
兰道则对他们摆摆手，这才跟着虫老离开。 Landau waved his hand at them, and then left with the worm elder.
王叶：“……” Wang Ye: "......"
雷木安慰他：“别担心，虫老也就是吃味，他心疼你，肯定知道闻笛教授成为你的师父，对你只有好处没有坏处。你看他对闻笛教授转来陨星一事，没提半点反对，就能看出他的态度了。”
Lei Mu comforted him: "Don't worry, the worm is also a taste, he feels sorry for you, and he must know that Professor Wendi becoming your master is only good for you." You can see his attitude towards Professor Wen Di's transfer of the meteorite without mentioning the slightest objection. ”
王叶摸摸下巴：“我不是担心老头的态度，我知道他就是嘴巴上说说，其实他巴不得我能多学一点，如果我能把闻笛师父的本事榨干，他才高兴呢。”
Wang Ye touched his chin: "I'm not worried about the old man's attitude, I know that he just talks about it, in fact, he wishes I could learn more, if I can squeeze Master Wendi's ability dry, he will be happy." ”
“那你刚才？”雷木发誓他刚才感觉到王叶生出一些很古怪的情绪。
"And you just now?" Lei Mu swore that he had just sensed some very strange emotions from Wang Ye.
王叶眼中也有疑惑：“我就是觉得奇怪，兰道大美人为什么那样盯着你。”
Wang Ye also had doubts in his eyes: "I just feel strange, why does the great beauty of Landau stare at you like that." ”
“不要乱给教授起外号。”雷木捏捏王小叶的耳朵。 "Don't give the professor a nickname." Lei Mu pinched Wang Xiaoye's ears.
“他就是大美人嘛。木木，你没查觉到他在盯着你？” "He's a great beauty. Mumu, didn't you notice that he was staring at you? ”
雷木：“感觉到了，我以为他可能发现我的血脉有异。”
Remu: "I felt it, I thought he might have noticed something wrong with my blood. ”
雷木迟疑了一下，补充：“我在看你比赛的时候，可能情绪没控制好，期间有一些心血翻腾，也许就让离我最近的兰道教授发现了什么。”
Lei Mu hesitated for a moment and added: "When I was watching your game, I may not have controlled my emotions well, and there was some churning during the process, maybe Professor Landau, who was closest to me, discovered something." ”
“是吗？”王叶总觉得有点不对劲。虽然兰道教授穿着黑袍，让人看不见他的表情和眼神，但他刚才切切实实地感觉到兰道教授似乎特别在意雷木。
"Really?" Wang Ye always felt that something was wrong. Although Professor Landau was wearing a black robe, making it impossible to see his expression and eyes, he could really sense just now that Professor Landau seemed to care about Lei Mu in particular.
王叶忽然抬头看向雷木的脸。 Wang Ye suddenly looked up at Lei Mu's face.
雷木：“？” Reim: "? ”
王叶伸手，手指从雷木的鼻梁和嘴唇边沿划过：“真的很像呢。”
Wang Ye stretched out his hand, and his fingers ran across the bridge of Lei Mu's nose and the edge of his lips: "It's really similar." ”
雷木心脏猛烈一跳：“像谁？” Lei Mu's heart beat violently: "Like whom?" ”
第227章 推测雷木身世 Chapter 227: Speculating on Lei Mu's Origin
王叶左右看看，拉住雷木说：“回去再说。” Wang Ye looked left and right, grabbed Lei Mu and said, "Go back and talk about it." ”
雷木心跳加快，他甚至感到手脚有点发软。 Remu's heart beat faster, and he even felt his hands and feet go a little weak.
学校护卫队长过来招呼所有学生集中，他们会使用魔法传送门直接回去陨星驻地小楼。
The captain of the school guard came over and beckoned all the students to gather, and they would use the magic portal to go straight back to the small building of the Meteorite Station.
两人正过去排队，雷木忽然看到一个背影，愣了一下。 The two were going to line up, and Lei Mu suddenly saw a back and was stunned for a moment.
“你先回去，我有点事。”雷木示意王叶跟着学校队伍一起走，千万不要掉队，他自己则跟学校护卫队长打了声招呼，说要去见一个熟人。
"You go back first, I have something to do." Lei Mu motioned for Wang Ye to follow the school team and not to fall behind, and he himself said hello to the captain of the school guard, saying that he was going to meet an acquaintance.
王叶下意识跟上雷木。 Wang Ye subconsciously followed Lei Mu.
护卫队长伸手去抓王叶衣领，没抓到。 The captain of the guard reached out and grabbed Wang Ye's collar, but he didn't catch it.
雷木看到跟过来的王叶，无奈：“你现在风头太盛了，跟着我太危险，我就是看到一个熟人，去说点话，马上就回来。”
Lei Mu saw Wang Ye who came over, helplessly: "You are too popular now, it is too dangerous to follow me, I just saw an acquaintance, go and say something, and come back immediately." ”
雷木又跟护卫队长道歉。 Reimu apologized to the captain of the guard.
护卫队长摆摆手，表示没什么，又很亲切地问要不要他派人跟着他。小叶子的哥哥很可能也会变成某些人的目标，他想着最好也能派人保护。
The captain of the guard waved his hand, indicating that it was nothing, and kindly asked if he wanted to send someone to follow him. Xiao Yezi's brother is likely to become a target for some people, and he thinks it's best to send someone to protect him.
当然最好的是这两个孩子都老老实实地跟着陨星校队来去，哪儿都别乱跑。
Of course, the best thing is that these two children honestly follow the Meteorite School team, and don't run around anywhere.
王叶抓住雷木的手，冲着拦住他对他虎着脸的护卫队长嘿嘿笑：“谢谢，我没事的。”
Wang Ye grabbed Lei Mu's hand and smiled at the captain of the guard who stopped him with a tigerish face: "Thank you, I'm fine." ”
护卫队长吓唬他：“乱跑小心被人抓去吃掉，有些老怪物就喜欢你这种细皮嫩肉的小天才，啊呜啊呜一口一个。”
The captain of the guard scared him: "Be careful of being caught and eaten by others, some old monsters like you as a little genius with fine skin and tender meat, ahhhhh ”
王叶噗噗笑，这个护卫大叔显然把他当小孩看。不过人家为他好，他也不是不知好歹的，但他着实不放心雷木，他总觉得他要是不把木木看紧点，木木就可能出事。
Wang Ye sneered, this guard uncle obviously regarded him as a child. But people are good for him, and he is not ignorant of good and bad, but he really doesn't worry about Lei Mu, he always feels that if he doesn't pay close attention to Mu Mu, Mu Mu may have an accident.
雷木再抬头，就发现那个背影已经不见了。 Lei Mu looked up again, and found that the back was gone.
雷木现在心里最在乎的还是小叶子，见那背影看不见了，也只是在心里叹了口气，揉揉王叶的脑袋，重新走回队伍里：“走吧，回去。”
Lei Mu still cares most about Xiao Yezi in his heart, seeing that the back is no longer visible, he just sighed in his heart, rubbed Wang Ye's head, and walked back to the team: "Let's go, go back." ”
王叶低声问：“你看到谁了？” Wang Ye asked in a low voice, "Who did you see?" ”
护卫队长看两人归队，扫了眼周围，就守在两人身后跟着队伍走入传送门。
The captain of the guard watched the two return to the team, glanced around, and followed the team into the portal.
雷木也不知道自己是不是看错，不太确定地道：“我刚才好像看到观众席那边有个人很像是指点过我的那位。但我只看到他的背影，没看到他正面，我也不知道是不是。”
Lei Mu didn't know if he was wrong, so he said uncertainly: "I just saw someone in the audience who looks like the one who pointed me out." But I only saw his back, not his front, and I don't know if it was. ”
雷木都怀疑他刚才是不是心神太乱，导致看错。 Lei Mu wondered if he was too confused just now, causing him to read it wrong.
王叶立刻抬头：“在哪边？” Wang Ye immediately raised his head: "Which side is it?" ”
“不见了，大概使用魔法离开了。”雷木定了定心神。 "It's gone, probably using magic to leave." Reimu settled down.
两人分别跨入传送门，回到了陨星小楼。 The two of them stepped into the portal and returned to the Meteorite Building.
一楼有食堂，今天下午相当于进行了两场比赛，这会儿天色看着都暗了，大家也都饿了，除了大佬们，几乎所有回来的人都到了食堂。
There is a cafeteria on the first floor, which is equivalent to two games this afternoon, and at this time it looks dark, and everyone is hungry, except for the big guys, almost everyone who came back has gone to the canteen.
闻笛不在，乾副校长单独给他开了欢迎宴，学校跟来的教授和大佬们几乎都会出席，这也是陨星重视闻笛的表现。
Wen Di was not there, Vice Principal Qian held a welcome banquet for him alone, and almost all the professors and bigwigs from the school would attend, which was also a manifestation of Meteor's attention to Wen Di.
闻笛感受到了这份重视，就没有拒绝这份好意，像他们这些人几乎就没几个喜欢交际的，但有些形式主义还是需要的，这也是对双方的尊重。
Wen Di felt this attention, and did not refuse this kindness, there are almost few people like them who like to socialize, but some formalism is still needed, which is also respect for both parties.
陨星的学生们现在都跟小叶子亲热得很，纷纷喊着他一起过来吃饭。
The students of Meteorite are now very affectionate with Xiao Yezi, and they all call for him to come over for dinner.
王叶跟他们摆摆手，表示他和他哥还有点事，取了一些食物，就和雷木回了宿舍。
Wang Ye waved his hand to them, indicating that he and his brother still had something to do, took some food, and went back to the dormitory with Lei Mu.
两人把饭菜摆到桌子上，金宝儿终于能从空间里出来，跳到桌子上就抱怨地呼呼叫。
The two put the food on the table, and Kimbell was finally able to come out of the space, jumping on the table and whining and screaming.
王叶一根手指按住金宝儿的脑袋，问雷木：“他怎么不皮卡皮卡地叫了？”
Wang Ye pressed Jin Bao'er's head with one finger and asked Lei Mu, "Why didn't he bark on a pickup?" ”
雷木笑了下：“他这两天迷上了咸蛋超人。” Lei Mu laughed: "He's obsessed with Salted Egg Superman for the past two days." ”
王叶无语地弹弹金宝儿的脑袋瓜：“以后可千万别内裤外穿。”
Wang Ye speechlessly flicked Jin Bao'er's head: "Don't wear underwear outside in the future." ”
雷木：“那是超人，不是咸蛋超人。” Raimu: "That's Superman, not Salted Egg Superman." ”
王叶摆手：“都差不多。”又一惊，“木木，你现在懂好多。”
Wang Ye waved his hand: "It's all the same." Surprised again, "Mumu, you know a lot now." ”
雷木干咳：“小家伙们看的时候，我偶尔也会跟着瞄几眼。”
Lei Mu coughed dryly: "When the little ones watch, I occasionally follow a few glances. ”
王叶：真的只是瞄几眼？你明明喜欢得很，每次吃晚饭都和那几个小败家崽一样，捧着饭碗盯着电视机。
Wang Ye: Is it really just a few glances? You obviously like it very much, and every time you have dinner, you are like those little losers, holding your rice bowl and staring at the TV.
金宝儿今天不想看电视，他就想和两个爸叽一起吃饭。 Kimbell doesn't want to watch TV today, he wants to have dinner with his two fathers.
雷木把小云也接了出来。 Lei Mu also took Xiaoyun out.
小云别看是树人，只要他想，什么都能吃。 Xiaoyun doesn't look like a tree man, as long as he wants, he can eat anything.
小光和浮游光虫懒得从虫巢出来。 Small light and planktonic light bugs are too lazy to come out of the hive.
雷木吃饭吃得心不在焉，就连小金宝跟他说话，他都回答得驴头不对马嘴。
Lei Mu ate absent-mindedly when eating, and even when Xiao Jinbao talked to him, he replied that the donkey's head was not the horse's mouth.
“爸叽？”金宝偏头看雷木。 "Dad?" Jinbao tilted his head to look at Remu.
雷木放下碗筷，再也忍不住，问王叶：“你说我很像，是像兰道教授吗？”
Lei Mu put down the dishes and chopsticks, couldn't hold back any longer, and asked Wang Ye: "You say I'm alike, are you like Professor Landau?" ”
王叶擦擦嘴巴，再次看向雷木的脸：“鼻子，还有嘴唇的轮廓很像。只不过你的脸型比较阳刚，而兰道教授脸型更精致，所以乍一看到你们两人，只会觉得你们一个帅气一个美丽，而不会想到你们长得很像。但如果仔细看，就会发现你们下半张脸的重合度很高。”
Wang Ye wiped his mouth and looked at Lei Mu's face again: "The nose, and the outline of the lips are very similar. It's just that your face is more masculine, and Professor Landau's face is more delicate, so when you see the two of you at first glance, you will only think that one of you is handsome and the other is beautiful, and you will not think that you look alike. But if you look closely, you will see that the lower half of your face has a high degree of overlap. ”
雷木摸摸自己的脸，低喃：“这样吗。” Lei Mu touched his face and muttered, "Is that so?" ”
王叶故意语气轻松地说：“我之前只以为好看的人大多相似，就像我看我们那边熊国的美女们，我总觉得她们都长得差不多，跟套娃似的，经常分不清谁是谁。也许你也是这样。”
Wang Ye deliberately said in a relaxed tone: "I only thought that most of the good-looking people were similar, just like when I look at the beauties of our bear country over there, I always feel that they all look similar, like nesting dolls, and often can't tell who is who." Maybe you are too. ”
雷木没有被逗笑，他手指盘弄着金宝的小尾巴。 Remu wasn't amused, his fingers twinkling around Campbell's little tail.
金宝以为雷木在跟他玩，开心地把尾巴一会儿放过去，一会儿又抽回来。
Jinbao thought that Raimu was playing with him, and happily let his tail go over for a while, and then pull it back again.
“我们要不要去找兰道教授谈谈？有问题就问，何必闷在心里。”王叶道。
"Shall we talk to Professor Landau? If you have a question, ask it, why bother with it. Wang Ye said.
雷木还在犹豫，他摇头道：“我应该和兰道教授没有关系，我父母是……”
Remu was still hesitating, he shook his head and said, "I shouldn't have anything to do with Professor Landau, my parents are ......"
“撒缺德一家那样对你，是不是你真父母还不一定。”王叶截断雷木的话。如果不是他亲生父亲也是那样的人，他早就怀疑雷木不是那一家子亲生的。
"The Sakud family treated you like that, it's not certain whether it's your real parents." Wang Ye cut off Lei Mu's words. If it weren't for the fact that his biological father was also like that, he would have suspected that Lei Mu was not born in that family.
雷木听到小叶子说撒埃德夫妻俩有可能不是他的亲生父母，不知为何，他心里竟然有一道枷锁被打开了一样，就连呼吸都轻松许多。
Lei Mu heard Xiao Yezi say that Saede and his wife might not be his biological parents, but for some reason, there was a shackle in his heart that had been opened, and even his breathing was much easier.
他一直以为是他的罪孽才导致亲生父母和亲弟弟不喜欢他，可如果他和那一家人没有多少血缘关系，那么他是不是并不是生来就是罪人？
He always thought that it was his sins that caused his biological parents and younger brother to dislike him, but if he didn't have much blood relationship with that family, then wasn't he born a sinner?
“可如果撒埃德不是我亲生父亲，他为什么会对大帝承认我的长子身份？”雷木疑惑道。
"But if Saeed is not my biological father, why would he admit my status as the eldest son to the Emperor?" Reimu wondered.
如果他真的不是那对夫妻的亲生骨肉，那一名大公爵怎么可能让自己血脉混淆？
If he really wasn't the couple's biological flesh and blood, how could a grand duke confuse his bloodline?
如果是想要一个实验体，那直接抱过来秘密养着就是，何必让很多人都知道他是他们的长子？
If you want an experimental subject, then just bring it over and keep it secretly, why let many people know that he is their eldest son?
王叶眼睛珠子骨碌碌转，此刻，他脑子里翻出了很多上辈子的事。
Wang Ye's eyes were rolling with beads, and at this moment, he turned a lot of things from his previous life in his mind.
其实木木身上真的有太多谜题。 In fact, Mu Mu really has too many puzzles.
魔种这点不用多想，那就是纯属倒霉，不需要什么魔族的父母，只要有个魔族大佬把自己的血肉和精神力凝聚成魔种，从魔界扔出来。
You don't have to think much about the demon seed, it's pure bad luck, you don't need any demon parents, as long as there is a demon boss who condenses his flesh and mental power into a demon seed and throws it out of the demon world.
魔种会自己寻找适合的胎儿寄生。 The demon seed will find a suitable fetal parasite on its own.
而魔种寄生的过程往往人不知鬼不觉，等你把孩子生下来，好好的孩子就已经和魔种融合了。
And the process of demon seed parasitism is often unaware, and when you give birth to the child, a good child has already merged with the demon seed.
撇除魔族血脉，雷木就是人类和精灵的混血儿。 Aside from the demon bloodline, Lei Mu is a hybrid of humans and elves.
他们之前判断撒家人祖上或者是母亲一系祖上有混入精灵的血，到了雷木身上本该血脉淡薄，却出现了返祖现象。
They had previously judged that the ancestors of the Saga family or the ancestors of the mother's family had the blood mixed with the elves, but when it came to Lei Mu, the blood should be weak, but there was an atavistic phenomenon.
不过精灵血脉一直被魔种压制，如果不是雷木遇到王叶，得到提醒，没有再压制魔族血脉，反而是反过来适应它并掌握它，并从而引发出精灵血脉，雷木都不知道自己还有精灵血脉。
However, the elven bloodline has always been suppressed by the demon seed, if it weren't for Lei Mu meeting Wang Ye and being reminded, he didn't suppress the demon bloodline anymore, but instead adapted to it and mastered it in turn, and thus triggered the elf bloodline, Lei Mu didn't know that he still had the elf bloodline.
“我们来做个大胆的推测。”王叶推开面前的碗盘，眼睛熠熠发光。
"Let's make a bold guess." Wang Ye pushed away the dishes in front of him, his eyes shining.
“假设你的亲生父母不是撒缺德夫妻，而是和兰道教授有关。你看兰道教授那么好看，说不定他就有精灵血脉。那么你身上的精灵血脉来源就很好解释了。”
"Let's say your biological parents are not Mr. and Mrs. Saquede, but related to Professor Landau. You see that Professor Landau is so good-looking, maybe he has elven blood. Then the source of the elven bloodline on your body is easy to explain. ”
雷木按住额头：“你认为兰道教授和我有血缘关系？” Lei Mu pressed his forehead: "Do you think Professor Landau and I are related by blood?" ”
王叶：“我们先假设兰道教授是你的父亲或者祖父？我觉得是父亲的可能性更大。兰道教授和那位撒尔曼大帝认识，他们似乎还是相爱相杀的关系。”
Wang Ye: "Let's assume that Professor Landau is your father or grandfather?" I think it's more likely to be a father. Professor Landau and the Salman the Great knew each other, and they still seemed to be in a love-killing relationship. ”
雷木看着王叶的表情，脸色一点点改变：“……不可能！”
Lei Mu looked at Wang Ye's expression, and his face changed slightly: "...... No way! ”
王叶也自我否定说：“我也觉得不可能，如果你真的是兰道教授和那位大帝的孩子，既然兰道教授对你的存在完全不知晓，那么弄出孩子的只可能是那位大帝。可这里就会产生新的疑问，就算你一出生就被魔种污染，让大帝很愤怒，他也没必要把自己的亲生孩子扔给他侄子去养，让他们承认你是他们长子身份的同时，还默认他们虐待你。那位大帝见过你吗？”
Wang Ye also denied himself and said: "I also think it's impossible, if you are really the child of Professor Landau and the Emperor, since Professor Landau is completely ignorant of your existence, then the only person who can make the child is the Emperor." But here a new question arises, even if you were born with the demon seed tainted and made the emperor very angry, there is no need for him to throw his own biological child to his nephew to raise, let them recognize you as their eldest son, and at the same time acquiesce to them abusing you. Has the Emperor seen you? ”
雷木摇头：“没有，他知道我的存在，但我们并没有见过。”
Remu shook his head: "No, he knows about my existence, but we haven't met." ”
王叶：“嗯，那么我们可以暂时确定，那位大帝很可能也不知道你的存在，也就是他不知道你是兰道教授的孩子。”
Wang Ye: "Well, then we can be sure for the time being, that the Great Emperor probably didn't know about your existence, that is, he didn't know that you were Professor Landau's child." ”
雷木头疼。 Thunderwood has a headache.
王叶又分析道：“假设你是兰道教授的孩子，偏偏又能让撒缺德夫妻承认你是他们的长子，那么我们是不是可以假设你母亲的身份必然非常高贵或者重要，至少要高贵重要到让撒缺德夫妻俩愿意接受你并默认你是他们长子的程度。”
Wang Ye analyzed again: "Assuming that you are the child of Professor Landau, and you can make the Sakude couple admit that you are their eldest son, then can we assume that your mother's identity must be very noble or important, at least noble and important enough to make the Saquede couple willing to accept you and acquiesce that you are their eldest son." ”
雷木表情变了，他的声音都变得有点沙哑：“你不会是说我母亲有可能是……”
Lei Mu's expression changed, and his voice became a little hoarse: "You don't mean that my mother may be ......"
王叶帮他接下去了：“撒尔曼大帝那位早逝的独生女。你知道她什么时候去世的吗？”
Wang Ye helped him take on: "The only daughter of Emperor Salman who died young. Do you know when she died? ”
雷木眼神迷茫：“我不是很清楚，但我在银月帝国行走时偶尔听人提到过，那位公主好像是二十年前……”
Lei Mu's eyes were confused: "I don't know very well, but I have occasionally heard people mention it when I was walking in the Silver Moon Empire, and that princess seems to be ...... twenty years ago"
二十年这个数字一提出来，一大一小当场互视。 As soon as the figure of 20 years was raised, one large and one small looked at each other on the spot.
雷木手掌握成拳，口中不住低喃：“不可能，这些都是我们的猜测。”
Lei Mu clenched his hand into a fist, and kept muttering in his mouth: "Impossible, these are all our guesses." ”
王叶从椅子上跳下来，走到雷木身边，握住他的手，“我们去找兰道教授吧。有些事情只有问他们这些当事人才知道。如果兰道教授认识那位公主，并和她发生过关系。那么你是他们孩子的可能性……”
Wang Ye jumped down from his chair, walked over to Lei Mu, and held his hand, "Let's go find Professor Landau." There are some things that can only be known by asking them. If Professor Landau knew the princess and had sex with her. Then you are the possibility of their children......"
“可如果我真的是那位公主的孩子，她为什么把我交给撒埃德夫妻？”雷木想不通。
"But if I really am the child of the princess, why did she give me to Mr. and Mrs. Saed?" Remu couldn't figure it out.
王叶眨眨眼，“也许因为那位大帝也喜欢兰道教授，父女相争同一人什么的，你懂得的。”
Wang Ye blinked, "Maybe it's because that emperor also likes Professor Landau, father and daughter compete for the same person or something, you know." ”
雷木：“我不懂。” Remu: "I don't understand. ”
王叶摸摸雷木的额头，跟哄孩子似地说：“好好，你不懂。其实这种事，我们那边好多影视节目都演过，特别老套特别狗血的情节，就是国王的儿女和国王的情人产生感情，他们或者瞒着国王，或者暴露后被国王厌弃乃至追杀，或者联手反过来干掉国王。”
Wang Ye touched Lei Mu's forehead and said as if coaxing a child: "Okay, you don't understand." In fact, this kind of thing has been performed in many film and television programs over our side, and the particularly old-fashioned and bloody plot is that the king's children have feelings for the king's lover, and they either hide from the king, or are disgusted or even hunted down by the king after being exposed, or join forces to kill the king in turn. ”
“就咱们兰道教授那张脸和那气质，还有学识，无论单有哪一种都能把人迷得死去活来，更何况他还三者俱全。你想那位大帝都对咱兰道教授求之不得爱得发疯，那大帝的女儿爱上兰道教授也不奇怪对吧？”
"With Professor Landau's face and temperament, as well as knowledge, no matter which one of them can fascinate people to death, not to mention that he has all three. You think that the emperor is crazy about our Professor Landau, and it's not surprising that the emperor's daughter fell in love with Professor Landau, right? ”
雷木：“……不要把兰道教授说得像祸水一样。” Remu: "...... Don't talk about Professor Landau like a curse. ”
王叶哈哈笑：“你看你现在就护起兰道教授了。你知道我没那个意思。”
Wang Ye laughed: "You see that you are protecting Professor Landau now." You know I didn't mean that. ”
王叶脸色一正道：“我就是想说，假设那位公主真的是你的母亲，那么她会把你交给撒缺德夫妻，很可能是她不得不那么做。”
Wang Ye said with a straight face: "I just want to say that if that princess is really your mother, then she will hand you over to Mr. and Mrs. Sakude, and it is likely that she has to do that." ”
雷木明白了王叶的意思：“你是说她不敢让大帝知道她有了兰道的孩子？”
Lei Mu understood what Wang Ye meant: "You mean she doesn't dare to let the Emperor know that she has a child of Landau?" ”
王叶点头：“极有可能。如果她和兰道的恋情是秘密的话，但我觉得那位公主和兰道教授互相爱慕进而偷偷在一起的可能性很低。我虽然和兰道教授接触时间不长，但你看那位的性格和为人，他怎么可能是偷偷和别人女儿谈恋爱却不敢承认的人？就咱兰道教授当时的名声和实力，他要是想和那位公主在一起，谁能阻止他？”
Wang Ye nodded: "Very likely." If her affair with Landau was a secret, I think it's highly unlikely that the princess and Professor Landau would fall in love with each other and be together secretly. Although I haven't been in contact with Professor Landau for a long time, if you look at that person's personality and personality, how can he be the one who secretly fell in love with someone else's daughter but didn't dare to admit it? With Professor Landau's reputation and strength at the time, if he wanted to be with that princess, who could stop him? ”
虫老跟他提到兰道教授过去的事，可是只提到那位大帝，半点都没有提到那位公主。如果兰道教授真的和那位公主有什么，虫老会不提吗？
The worm elder mentioned to him the past of Professor Landau, but only mentioned the emperor, and did not mention the princess at all. If Professor Landau really had something to do with that princess, wouldn't the worm elder mention it?
王叶又道：“所以我怀疑那位公主很可能通过某种秘法，或者是无意间和兰道教授发生了关系，从而有了你。”
Wang Ye said again: "So I suspect that the princess may have had you through some secret method, or accidentally had a relationship with Professor Landau." ”
“爸叽？！”一声惊呼响起。 "Dad?!" An exclamation rang out.
两人这才注意到还有两个小旁听，这两个小的听得津津有味，刚才都没插话。
Only then did the two of them notice that there were two little auditors, and these two little ones listened with relish and didn't interject just now.
王叶一巴掌把金宝按在手底下。 Wang Ye slapped Jinbao under his hand.
金宝努力从手指缝里钻出脑袋，冲着雷木叫：“爸叽，呼呼叽？”
Jinbao struggled to get his head out of his fingers and shouted at Lei Mu, "Dad, huhuhu? ”
雷木失笑：“兰道大美人不是你爷爷，别那么急着认爷爷。”
Lei Mu smiled: "The great beauty of Landau is not your grandfather, don't be so anxious to recognize grandpa." ”
金宝脑袋一垂，似乎很失望。 Campbell hung his head, looking disappointed.
王叶哼唧：“小东西一个，就知道爱美色了。” Wang Ye chirped: "A little thing, you know that you love beauty." ”
小树人点着脚丫子：“兰道教授，好看。” The little tree man nodded his feet: "Professor Landau, it's good-looking." ”
王叶：好吧，家里一堆颜狗！ Wang Ye: Okay, there are a bunch of Yan dogs at home!
小云还好奇地问：“如果雷大哥真的是兰道教授的孩子，为什么那位公主不告诉兰道教授？我看电视上很多带球跑的节目，都是男的原本不爱女主角，但女的有孩子后，就会改变想法。”
Xiaoyun also asked curiously, "If Brother Lei is really Professor Landau's child, why didn't that princess tell Professor Landau?" I watch a lot of shows on TV that run with the ball, and the men don't love the heroine originally, but when the woman has a child, she will change her mind. ”
王叶无力：“以后真的得限制这些小东西看电视了，什么都看，成天都不知道在想什么。”
Wang Ye was powerless: "In the future, I really have to restrict these little things from watching TV, I watch everything, and I don't know what I'm thinking all day long." ”
小云摇着脑袋上的枝叶道：“我们这是在增加人生经历啊，多看多听，将来才不会喜欢上人渣。”
Xiaoyun shook the branches and leaves on his head and said: "We are increasing our life experience, watch and listen more, so that we will not like scum in the future." ”
“嗯嗯！云叽~”小云说得对。金宝儿用力点头。 "Uh-huh! Yun Ji ~ "Xiaoyun is right. Kimbell nodded vigorously.
王叶：“……” Wang Ye: "......"
雷木也被两个小的逗笑了，竟然跟着道：“这确实是疑点之一。”
Lei Mu was also amused by the two little ones, and even followed: "This is indeed one of the suspicions." ”
王叶却道：“算不上疑点，你们电视还是看少了。用我两辈子的经验告诉你们，那位公主之所以不说，要么是她觉得这个孩子得来的方式不名誉，她不好意思告诉兰道，更怕兰道责怪她。所以就抱着自己抚养这个孩子，不让任何人知道的想法。要么就是她不敢让大帝知道她有了兰道的孩子，她害怕大帝一怒之下，弄死她孩子。而女人嘛，一旦成为母亲，情人恋人父亲什么的都可以靠后，在母亲眼中，最重要的就是自己的孩子。”
Wang Ye said: "It's not suspicious, you still watch less TV." I tell you from the experience of my two lifetimes, the reason why the princess didn't say it was because she felt that the way this child got it was not honorable, and she was embarrassed to tell Landau, and she was even more afraid that Landau would blame her. So I held on to the idea of raising this child by myself and not letting anyone know. Either she didn't dare to let the Emperor know that she had Landau's child, and she was afraid that the Emperor would kill her child in anger. And women, once they become mothers, lovers, lovers, fathers, etc., can be left behind, in the eyes of mothers, the most important thing is their children. ”
“那为什么她要把我……把孩子交给撒埃德夫妻？”雷木问。
"Then why did she ...... me Give the child to the Saeed couple? Raimu asked.
“因为不得已吧。我怀疑她把你生下来后，身体可能就跨了。她想把你安排好，又不想让你失去帝位继承权，在女儿也可以继承帝位的银月帝国，你这个孙子可是大帝最正宗的继承人。但她又不能让大帝知道你的真正身世，也不想让兰道知道你的存在，那怎么办呢？在有限的选择中，她只能选中撒缺德夫妻。”
"Because I have to. I suspect that after she gave birth to you, the body may have straddled. She wants to arrange you well, but she doesn't want you to lose the right to inherit the throne, in the Silver Moon Empire, where her daughter can also inherit the throne, your grandson is the most authentic heir of the emperor. But she can't let the Emperor know your true background, and she doesn't want Landau to know your existence, so what should she do? Among the limited options, she could only choose the couple who were sassers. ”
王叶眼神冰冷，“那位公主很可能和撒缺德夫妻做了某种约定，让他们必须承认你的长子身份，这样你就成为了第二顺位继承人，就算将来不能继承帝国，继承一个公爵的位子也没问题。而作为抚养和承认你身份的条件，那位公主则很可能许诺帮助撒缺德进入大帝眼中，成为大帝的第一顺位继承人。或者拿出某些重要宝物交换。”
Wang Ye's eyes were cold, "That princess probably made some kind of agreement with Mr. and Mrs. Sagard, so that they must recognize your status as the eldest son, so that you will become the second in line to the throne, even if you can't inherit the empire in the future, it will be no problem to inherit the position of a duke." And as a condition for raising and acknowledging your identity, the princess is likely to promise to help Squad enter the eyes of the Emperor and become the Emperor's first in line to the throne. Or take out some important treasure in exchange. ”
“但那位公主不知道有些人根本不在乎承诺，哪怕有魔法契约，他们也能想着法子钻空子。在公主离世后，那对夫妻虽然表面承认了你长子的身份，却以魔种的名义把你扔给魔法师研究。也许契约还要求他们不能伤害你，但那对夫妻根本不用自己出手，你被其他人虐待折磨，就和他们没半点关系。”
"But the princess didn't know that some people didn't care about promises, and even if they had a magic contract, they could think of ways to take advantage of them. After the princess died, the couple, although they ostensibly admitted that you were the eldest son, threw you to the magician in the name of the demon seed. Maybe the contract also requires them not to hurt you, but the couple doesn't have to do it themselves, and you have nothing to do with them if you are abused and tortured by other people. ”
“说不定那对夫妻还十分忌惮你的真实身世，害怕大帝知道你是他的亲孙子，从而不让你和大帝见面，并给你增加一堆污名，更把你的资质和生命力都转移给他们的亲儿子。这也是他们对那位公主的报复，看，你就算逼我承认你的孩子是我的长子又怎么样，结果你死了，你儿子也得成为我儿子的垫脚石！”
"Maybe that couple is still very jealous of your true background, afraid that the emperor will know that you are his own grandson, so they will not let you meet the emperor, and add a bunch of stigma to you, and transfer your qualifications and vitality to their own son. This is also their revenge on the princess, look, what if you force me to admit that your child is my eldest son, and if you die, your son will have to be a stepping stone for my son! ”
王叶越说越恨。 The more Wang Ye said, the more he hated.
金宝儿也气得咬牙切齿，恨不得咬死那对夫妻。 Jin Bao'er was also so angry that she gritted her teeth, eager to bite the couple to death.
小树人用力吧嗒着脚丫，不住道：“坏蛋！太坏了。” The little tree man clicked his feet hard and kept saying, "Bad guy! It's too bad. ”
雷木反而平静了下来，理智地道：“这些都是我们的猜测。”
Instead, Lei Mu calmed down and said rationally, "These are all our guesses. ”
王叶用力拉了拉雷木，决定道：“我们去找兰道教授，这种事就不该瞒着闷着，早说开早好。我相信如果你真的和兰道教授有血缘关系，不管你是怎么来的，他一定会很心疼你、会因为有你这么一个骨肉而骄傲。”
Wang Ye pulled the Lei Mu hard, and decided: "Let's go to Professor Landau, this kind of thing shouldn't be hidden, it's better to start early." I believe that if you are really related to Professor Landau, no matter how you came here, he will definitely feel very sorry for you and be proud to have such flesh and blood as you. ”
雷木再怎么干脆的人，这时候也犹豫了：“其实身世不身世的，我真的不在乎，都已经这么多年了，我也过了需要父母……”
No matter how straightforward Lei Mu is, he hesitated at this time: "Actually, I really don't care if I don't have a background, it's been so many years, and I need my parents ......."
王叶跳起来：“屁！难道你想一直抱着这个疑问？还是想让那对缺德夫妻一直冠着你父母的名头？想想看他们是怎么对你的，如果你母亲真的是那位公主，她真是死都不会瞑目！”
Wang Ye jumped up: "Fart!" Do you want to keep this question? Or do you want that immoral couple to keep the name of your parents? Think about what they did to you, if your mother was really that princess, she really wouldn't be blind to death! ”
“可兰道教授从始至终可能都不知道我的存在，他和那位公主九成也没有特别关系，如果他知道他突然有了一个孩子，你觉得他会高兴？换了我，我只会觉得尴尬。”雷木苦笑。
"Professor Kolandau probably didn't know about my existence from the beginning to the end, and he didn't have a special relationship with that princess, so if he knew that he suddenly had a child, would you think he would be happy? With me, I would only feel embarrassed. Remu smiled wryly.
“你不是兰道教授，你怎么知道他到底怎么想的？木木，相信我，我们就去见见兰道教授，问个清楚，如果兰道教授真的不肯认你，甚至因此对你有怨怼，那我也不要认他当师父了，他爱咋地咋地。”
"You're not Professor Landau, how do you know what he's thinking? Mu Mu, believe me, let's go meet Professor Landau and ask clearly, if Professor Landau really refuses to recognize you, and even has a grudge against you because of this, then I don't want to recognize him as a master, how does he love it. ”
“别胡说！兰道教授对你……” "Don't talk nonsense! Professor Landau ...... to you"
“咚咚。”宿舍门突然被敲响。 "Knock knock." There was a sudden knock on the dormitory door.
一家四口一起转头看向大门。 A family of four turned their heads to look at the door together.
门外，响起了清冷好听的声音：“是我，有事找你们。”
Outside the door, a cold and pleasant voice sounded: "It's me, I'm looking for you." ”
雷木眼眸收缩，手指微微颤抖了下。 Lei Mu's eyes contracted, and his fingers trembled slightly.
王叶却兴奋地跳起来：“看！我就说兰道教授不是那种会纠结的人，他有怀疑，他就来求证了。”
Wang Ye jumped up excitedly: "Look! I said that Professor Landau is not the kind of person who will struggle, and if he has doubts, he will come to verify them. ”
第228章 你是我的孩子 Chapter 228: You Are My Child
兰道现在没有穿能遮蔽全身的黑袍，一进来就和雷木的目光对上了。
Landau was not wearing a black robe that could cover his whole body now, and as soon as he came in, he met Lei Mu's gaze.
两人一时相顾无言，兰道张嘴想说什么，又不知该如何开口。
The two looked at each other for a moment, and Lan Dao opened his mouth to say something, but he didn't know how to speak.
王叶像是没有察觉到这份尴尬和一刹那的凝固，他蹦到兰道身边，快言快语地说道：“教授，你是来找木木的吗？你是不是有话想和木木说？”
Wang Ye didn't seem to notice this embarrassment and a moment of solidification, he jumped to Lan Dao's side and said quickly, "Professor, are you here to find Mu Mu?" Do you have something to say to Mu Mu? ”
兰道抬手在王叶头顶按了按，这一刻他竟然有点感激这个小家伙的存在，有王小叶这么一打岔，他来之前聚集起来的那股说不出的郁气都消散了，这让他看雷木的目光也更加柔和。
Lan Dao raised his hand and pressed it on the top of Wang Ye's head, at this moment he was a little grateful for the existence of this little guy, with Wang Xiaoye such a beating, the indescribable depression that he had gathered before coming dissipated, which made his gaze at Lei Mu softer.
不管实情如何，至少这个孩子是最无辜的。 Whatever the truth, at least this child is the most innocent.
“是，我是来找你哥雷木的，我有点私事要跟他谈谈。”兰道示意王叶。
"Yes, I'm here to find your brother Raimu, and I have some personal matters to talk to him about." Landau gestured to Wang Ye.
王叶迅速蹦回雷木身边，“哦，那你们谈吧。” Wang Ye quickly jumped back to Lei Mu's side, "Oh, then let's talk." ”
兰道：你是真没看懂我示意，还是假没看懂？都说了是私事，你小子能避一避吗？
Landau: Did you really not understand my gesture, or did you pretend not to understand? It's all said that it's a private matter, can you kid avoid it?
王叶用眼神回：避是不可能避的！木木的事就是我的事，木木的私事也是我的私事。
Wang Ye replied with his eyes: It is impossible to avoid it! Mumu's business is my business, and Mumu's private affairs are also my private affairs.
“呼呼叽~”金宝看到兰道，就特别兴奋，爷爷都叫上了。
"Huhuhu~" Jinbao was very excited when he saw Landau, and his grandfather called him.
兰道一愣，他竟然听懂了金宝的叫声。 Landau was stunned, he actually understood Jinbao's cry.
等等，这是……精灵幼崽？！ Wait, here's ...... Elven cubs?!
说来，兰道还是第一次看到金宝。之前金宝绝大多数时间都跟着雷木跑来跑去，兰道一直都不知道他视为亲传弟子的王小叶竟然还养了一只精灵幼崽。
Speaking of which, it was the first time Landau had seen Campbell. Before, Jinbao had been running around with Lei Mu most of the time, and Lan Dao had never known that Wang Xiaoye, whom he regarded as his personal disciple, had actually raised an elf cub.
“你们……他是？！”兰道惊讶地都把自己的事暂时抛到脑后，指着金宝诧异万分。
王叶眼珠一转，“教授，您觉得我们家金宝是什么？”
兰道没好气地道：“我不眼瞎。你们怎么会养着一只精灵幼崽？精灵族那边知道吗？”
Landau said angrily: "I'm not blind. How do you have an elf cub? Does the elves know that? ”
王叶一脸不满地说：“他们当然知道，还是他们巴巴把这坑爹货送来给我和雷木养，抚养费也不付，就想着占我和木木的便宜。”
Wang Ye said with a dissatisfied face: "Of course they know, or they sent this pit daddy to me and Lei Muyang, and they didn't pay the child support, so they wanted to take advantage of me and Mu Mu." ”
“你啊，也只有你会这么嫌弃养精灵幼崽，也不知道外面多少人求都求不来这样的好事。”兰道摇头无语。他看过王叶手上的精灵印记，自然知道他和精灵族关系不浅，这也是他对小孩抱有极好印象的原因之一。
"You, you're the only one who dislikes raising elf cubs so much, and I don't know how many people outside can't ask for such a good thing." Landau shook his head speechlessly. He had seen the elf mark on Wang Ye's hand, and naturally knew that he had a good relationship with the elf clan, which was one of the reasons why he had an excellent impression of the child.
“呼呼叽~”金宝对小叶子爸爸的嫌弃早就习惯得不能再习惯，听到也没半点反应，只黏黏糊糊地冲着兰道叫爷爷。
"Whirl~" Jinbao's dislike of Xiao Yezi's father has long been used to it, and he didn't react at all when he heard it, so he just called Grandpa at Landau sticky.
兰道连续被叫了两次爷爷，叫得他特别想拿个镜子出来照照自己的脸，看看自己是不是已经提前进入衰竭期，绝美容颜变老橘子皮了。
Landau was called grandpa twice in a row, and he especially wanted to take a mirror out to look at his face to see if he had entered the exhaustion period in advance, and his face had become old and orange peel.
“教授，您是不是有精灵族血脉？木系？”王叶歪头问。
"Professor, do you have elven blood? Wood? Wang Ye tilted his head and asked.
“他皮肤是不是伪装过？”兰道答非所问，手指摸了摸小金宝的脑袋。
"Is his skin disguised?" Landau replied and touched little Jinbao's head with his fingers.
金宝陶醉地蹭了蹭兰道的手指。 Jinbao rubbed Landau's fingers intoxicated.
王叶有数了，兰道教授那反应跟回答“是”也没什么区别。
Wang Ye has counted, and Professor Landau's reaction is no different from answering "yes".
“嗯，金系的，原本金光闪闪，我们怕有人认出他是精灵幼崽，就让他伪装成了黑色四脚蛇。”王叶道。
"Well, the gold-based one, originally shiny gold, we were afraid that someone would recognize him as an elf cub, so we disguised him as a black four-legged snake." Wang Ye said.
兰道怜爱地摸了摸金宝，道：“精灵族能把他们的纯血精灵幼崽送给你们养，就表示他们对你们的信任度极高。好好养着吧，有什么问题可以来问我。”
Landau touched Jin Bao lovingly and said, "The fact that the elves can give their pure-blooded elven cubs to you to raise, it means that they have a high degree of trust in you. Take care of it, and ask me any questions. ”
“好的，谢谢教授。”王叶抓起金宝往口袋里一塞，“教授，金宝的事放一边，你来也不是聊金宝的对吧。至于故意逃避也没必要，您既然特意过来，显然也做好了决定，不如我们现在就进入正题。”
"Okay, thank you, Professor." Wang Ye grabbed Jinbao and stuffed it into his pocket, "Professor, put Jinbao's affairs aside, you didn't come to talk about Jinbao, right?" As for deliberately evading, there is no need, since you came here on purpose, you have obviously made a decision, so it is better to get to the point now. ”
兰道很想敲徒弟的脑袋，但王叶机灵地再次蹦到了雷木身后。
Lan Dao wanted to knock his apprentice's head, but Wang Ye cleverly jumped behind Lei Mu again.
兰道目光也再次和雷木对上，眼见雷木的眼神有些躲避，当即微微一叹，随手拉了一张椅子坐下：“先说说你们知道了多少？”
Lan Dao's eyes also met Lei Mu again, seeing that Lei Mu's eyes were a little evasive, he immediately sighed slightly, and pulled a chair and sat down: "First tell me how much you know?" ”
王叶探出脑袋，抢先道：“我们什么都不知道，只是挑战赛结束后，我觉得您对木木似乎过度关注，再加上我发现木木的部分五官长得和您有些像。而木木名义上的父母对他非常非常不好，木木小时候是被虐待长大的。我们就做了一些推测……”
Wang Ye poked his head out and preemptively said, "We don't know anything, it's just that after the challenge, I think you seem to be paying too much attention to Mu Mu, plus I found that some of Mu Mu's facial features look a little like you." And Mu Mu's nominal parents treated him very, very badly, and Mu Mu was abused when he was a child. So we made some speculations......"
“你说什么！”兰道的目光和表情一瞬间变得犀利到狰狞的地步。
"What did you say!" Landau's gaze and expression instantly became sharp to the point of hideousness.
王叶干脆靠在雷木身上，说道：“您还不知道雷木的身世吧，我先大概说一下。雷木明面上的父母就是银月帝国的明光公爵夫妇，但雷木出生后，被发现自带魔种，且身体已经和魔种融合。”
Wang Ye simply leaned on Lei Mu and said, "You don't know Lei Mu's background yet, let me talk about it first." Lei Mu's parents are the Duke and Duchess of Mingguang of the Silver Moon Empire, but after Lei Mu was born, he was found to have his own demon seed, and his body has been fused with the demon seed. ”
兰道脸色再度一变，看向雷木的目光充满怜惜。 Landau's face changed again, and his gaze at Lei Mu was full of pity.
他太了解世人是如何看待魔种，而魔种想要长大又是怎样的艰辛。因为偏见，很多魔种甚至根本没有长大的机会，不是出生就被杀死，就是小小年纪成了某些变态魔法师的狩猎目标，变成他们的研究资源。
He knows too well how the world views the demon seed, and how difficult it is for the demon seed to grow up. Because of prejudice, many demon species don't even have a chance to grow up at all, either being killed at birth, or becoming the hunting target of some perverted magicians at a young age, becoming their research resources.
“那对夫妻就借口木木是魔种，沾污了他们的血脉，把木木丢给了一群魔法师折腾……”
"The couple used the excuse that Mu Mu was a demon seed, stained their blood, and threw Mu Mu to a group of magicians to toss ......"
随着王叶把他知道的雷木的身世和过往一一道来，哪怕他没有特意地加油添醋，都让兰道听得双拳紧握、眼中满是怒火，身体都气到微微发颤的程度。
As Wang Ye brought the life experience and past of Lei Mu that he knew, even if he didn't deliberately add fuel and vinegar, Lan Dao heard that his fists were clenched, his eyes were full of anger, and his body was so angry that he trembled slightly.
然后王叶又把他对雷木身世的推测也说给兰道听了。 Then Wang Ye also told Lan Dao about his speculation about Lei Mu's life experience.
兰道听到最后，整个人就像是沉入了幽深的湖底，变得特别……充满杀气？
When Landau heard the end, his whole person seemed to sink to the bottom of a deep lake, and he became very ...... Murderous?
雷木从头到尾就没有说一个字，因为他不知道该说什么。在经历过最初的激荡后，在听完小叶子对他的身世推测，他就逐渐冷静下来。
Remu didn't say a word from beginning to end because he didn't know what to say. After experiencing the initial turmoil, after listening to Xiao Yezi's speculation about his life experience, he gradually calmed down.
知道自己的真实身世又能怎样呢？ What can you do if you know your true background?
他对兰道也暂时没有任何孺慕之情，更没有迫切想要认亲的心思，他承认他对亲情是有一些渴望，但在王叶的推测下，让他怎么可能对一个完全不知道他存在的“父亲”产生亲近之意？
He doesn't have any admiration for Landau for the time being, let alone the eagerness to recognize his relatives, he admits that he has some longing for family affection, but under Wang Ye's speculation, how can he be close to a "father" who doesn't know his existence at all?
这还是兰道至今没有成婚、没有其他孩子，假设兰道这二十年有了妻儿，那他算什么？
This is still Lan Dao has not been married and has no other children, assuming that Lan Dao has a wife and children in the past 20 years, then what is he?
上不了台面的私生子吗？ Can't get on the table with an illegitimate child?
当他这个私生子出现在亲生父亲和他的妻子儿女面前，人家会是什么心情？
When he, the illegitimate child, appeared in front of his biological father and his wife and children, how would people feel?
欢迎？那绝不可能。 Welcome? That's impossible.
虽然兰道现在没有娶妻生子，可看他听完小叶子的推测，神情也没有多少对那位公主的思念来看，他和那位公主之前一定没有过任何私情，而且也从来没有期待过一个孩子的出现。
Although Landau has not married a wife and had children now, judging from the fact that he didn't miss the princess much after listening to Xiao Yezi's speculation, he and the princess must not have had any personal affairs before, and he never looked forward to the appearance of a child.
在这样的情况下，雷木不敢期待，也不想期待。 In such a situation, Reimu didn't dare to look forward to it, and he didn't want to look forward to it.
他想，只要能弄清楚他的亲生父母是谁，以及当年发生的事情，其他他就不会过多追寻，也没必要。
He thought that as long as he could figure out who his biological parents were and what happened back then, he wouldn't pursue anything else, and there was no need.
他和兰道教授就维持这样一个普通关系挺好。 It was good that he and Professor Landau maintained such an ordinary relationship.
兰道活了这么多年，吃过的盐比雷木吃过的主粮都多，怎么可能看不出雷木的“冷漠”。
Landau has lived for so many years, and he has eaten more salt than Lei Mu has ever eaten staple food, how can he not see Lei Mu's "indifference".
雷木用神情表明了他并不期待他这个父亲的出现，就连小叶子叙述他的身世时，他也是一副像是听别人身世的淡漠表情。
Lei Mu showed with a look that he was not looking forward to the appearance of his father, and even when Xiao Yezi narrated his life experience, he had an indifferent expression as if he was listening to other people's life experiences.
可雷木越是这样，兰道心里越是难受。 But the more Lei Mu was like this, the more uncomfortable Lan Dao felt in his heart.
虽然理论上他不欠这孩子的，这二十年来他也压根就不知道这孩子的存在，但感情上……
Although theoretically he doesn't owe this child, and he doesn't know about the existence of this child for the past twenty years, he ...... emotionally
这孩子九成九就是他的亲生骨血。只要想到他的骨血在撒埃德家受了那么多罪，他就恨不得拿出所有九级卷轴把那对夫妻还有他们的儿子一起轰成渣！
Nine out of ten of this child is his own blood. Just thinking of how much his blood had suffered in the Saeed family, he couldn't wait to take out all the ninth-level scrolls and blast that couple and their son to smithereens!
“当年的事情我等会儿跟你们说。在这之前，”兰道看向雷木，温和地道：“雷木，愿意和我做一次血缘测试吗？很简单，只要你一滴血。”
"I'll tell you about that later. Before that," Landau looked at Lei Mu and said gently, "Lei Mu, would you like to do a blood test with me?" It's simple, as long as you have a drop of blood. ”
雷木：“可以。” Remu: "Yes. ”
都到这个地步了，自然是搞得清清楚楚最好。 It's all come to this point, so it's naturally best to figure it out.
兰道拿出了一张卷轴，出于慎重，他拿出的是一张九级的谱系卷轴，这张卷轴可以显示出以兰道本人为中心的上下二十代以内的直系血脉和旁系血脉。
Lan Dao took out a scroll, out of prudence, he took out a ninth-level lineage scroll, this scroll can show the direct bloodline and collateral bloodline within twenty generations centered on Lan Dao himself.
这种卷轴一般都会存于大型家族势力中，王室一般都会拥有一张，不至于是九级，一般五级就能达到同样效果，只不过无法追溯得那么遥远和详细。
This kind of scroll is usually stored in large family forces, and the royal family usually has one, not to the ninth level, but generally the fifth level can achieve the same effect, but it cannot be traced back to that far and detail.
兰道示意雷木伸出手指，只轻轻在他指尖一点，一滴鲜血就从雷木指尖浮出。
Landau motioned for Lei Mu to stretch out his finger, and only lightly touched his fingertip, and a drop of blood floated from Lei Mu's fingertip.
兰道操纵那滴鲜血落到卷轴的验证处。 Landau manipulated the drop of blood to fall to the scroll's validation.
那滴血没入卷轴，不一会儿，一道血线就沿着那滴血自动往上延伸，一直延伸到兰道的名字下。
The drop of blood sank into the scroll, and in a few moments, a line of blood automatically stretched up along the drop, all the way to the name of Landau.
随后那滴血自动从验证处脱离，沿着血线集中到兰道的名字下方，自动形成了一个新的名字：撒坦。
The drop of blood then automatically detached from the verification and concentrated along the bloodline below Landau's name, automatically forming a new name: Sartan.
雷木皱眉，他不喜欢撒坦这个名字。 Remu frowned, he didn't like the name Satan.
结果雷木刚这么想，那名字就一阵扭曲，变成了：雷木（撒坦）。
As a result, as soon as Lei Mu thought so, the name was distorted and became: Lei Mu (Satan).
而那条连接兰道和雷木名字的血线旁边也出现了小字备注：上父下子。
And the blood line connecting the names of Landau and Lei Mu also appeared next to a small note note: Father and son.
兰道看着卷轴上的显示，足足五秒钟，沉默不语。 Landau looked at the display on the reels for a full five seconds, silent.
王叶也顺手打开了因果卷，果然因果卷上雷木和兰道之间的因果线颜色也变得比以前深了许多。
Wang Ye also opened the causal scroll with his hand, and sure enough, the color of the causal line between Lei Mu and Landao on the causal scroll also became much darker than before.
王叶忍不住叹息，他以前就看到雷木和兰道之间有因果线相连，不过颜色很淡，当时他下意识以为两人之间的因果来源于他，所以也没多关注。
Wang Ye couldn't help but sigh, he had seen that there was a causal line connecting Lei Mu and Lan Dao before, but the color was very light, at that time he subconsciously thought that the cause and effect between the two came from him, so he didn't pay much attention to it.
如果他那时能仔细查验一下两人的因果关系，说不定他早就知道木木的身世了。
If he could carefully examine the causal relationship between the two at that time, maybe he would have known Mu Mu's background long ago.
千金难买早知道！谁能想到平时看着毫无关系的两人竟然会是血缘父子？
It's hard to buy, and you know it early! Who would have thought that the two people who usually look unrelated would be blood father and son?
雷木也看到了卷轴上的显示，顿时有种尘埃落定之感。 Lei Mu also saw the display on the scroll, and suddenly felt that the dust had settled.
但好像也就这样了，他没有特别激动，也没有心酸难忍。
But it seemed that this was it, he was not particularly excited, nor was he sad.
反倒是兰道教授看着雷木，目光复杂。 On the contrary, Professor Landau looked at Lei Mu with a complicated gaze.
雷木见此，主动道：“没什么，不用在意，你也不知道。”
Seeing this, Lei Mu took the initiative to say: "It's nothing, don't care, you don't know." ”
兰道的心脏突然就揪了起来。 Landau's heart suddenly pounded.
他承认，凭空看到一个这么大的儿子出现，比起惊喜，他更多的是不知所措和为难。
He admits that seeing such a big son appear out of thin air is more overwhelmed and embarrassed than surprised.
要怎么和这个孩子相处？ How do you get along with this child?
要怎么弥补他？ How to make up for him?
要怎么跟他说明当年的情况，表明自己完全不知道他的存在？
How can I explain to him what happened back then, and show that I was completely unaware of his existence?
又要如何表达才不会伤害到对方…… And how to express it so as not to hurt the other party......
兰道想了很多很多，他来找雷木验证血脉，其实已经做好决定，他想跟雷木说，不管他是怎么来的，只要他们真的有血缘关系，他会负起该负的责任。
Lan Dao thought a lot, he came to Lei Mu to verify the bloodline, in fact, he had already made a decision, he wanted to tell Lei Mu that no matter how he came, as long as they were really related, he would take the responsibility.
至于感情，可以慢慢培养。毕竟，雷木已经二十岁，是成年人，不再是需要父母手把手抚养的小孩子。
As for feelings, they can be cultivated slowly. After all, Raimu is twenty years old, an adult, and no longer a child who needs to be raised by his parents.
但是真的听到雷木这么冷静地说出那么充满理性的话，再想想这孩子是如何长大的，兰道就觉得心里很难受、非常难受！
But when he really heard Lei Mu say such a calm and rational word, and then thought about how this child grew up, Landau felt very uncomfortable and very uncomfortable!
王叶感觉出空气的凝重，故意打岔道：“教授，我是不是也应该喊你爸爸啊？”
Wang Ye felt the solemnity of the air, and deliberately interrupted: "Professor, should I also call your father?" ”
金宝也好兴奋地喊：“呼呼叽！”大美人爷爷好！ Jinbao also shouted excitedly: "Whew! "Hello Grandpa, Great Beauty!
兰道：“……” Landau: "......"
“你们两个别乱喊人。”雷木先笑起来。雷木真心笑起来的时候，总是眼角先带笑，才会牵动其他部位。
"You two don't shout." Reimu laughed first. When Lei Mu laughs sincerely, he always smiles at the corner of his eye before he affects other parts.
王叶看到雷木笑出来，他就高兴。 When Wang Ye saw Lei Mu laughing, he was happy.
小云也动动脚丫，长长舒了口气：“啊，雷大哥是我们的大哥，兰道教授是雷大哥的爸爸，那不就是我们都多了一个大美人爸爸？好棒哦。”
Xiaoyun also moved his feet, and let out a long sigh of relief: "Ah, Brother Lei is our eldest brother, and Professor Landau is Brother Lei's father, doesn't that mean that we all have a big beautiful father?" That's great. ”
兰道没想到这屋里竟然还有一号活物，当他看到一株他以为是盆栽的小树苗特别人性化地对他抬了抬小树枝手，兰道的下巴差点掉到地上。
Landau didn't expect that there was still a living creature in this house, and when he saw a small sapling that he thought was a potted plant, he lifted the small branch hand to him in a particularly humane way, and Landau's jaw almost fell to the ground.
“树人？！”
“嗨，兰道美人爷爷好~”小云亲热地打招呼。 "Hi, Grandpa Landau Beauty~" Xiaoyun greeted affectionately.
兰道一时思绪错乱，指指小树人，又指了指王叶和雷木：“你们……你们养了多少乱七八糟，不对，你们怎么连树人都有？”
Landau was confused for a moment, pointed at the little tree man, and then pointed at Wang Ye and Lei Mu: "You guys...... How much mess have you raised, no, why do you even have tree people? ”
王叶得意洋洋：“这是小云，我和木木的崽儿之一。” Wang Ye was triumphant: "This is Xiaoyun, one of my cubs with Mu Mu." ”
小树人坚持：“不是崽儿，是弟弟。” The little tree man insisted: "It's not a cub, it's a younger brother." ”
王叶挥挥手：“去去去，弟弟什么弟弟，家里辈分都给你叫乱套了。你就和金宝一个辈分，不要随便跳级。”
Wang Ye waved his hand: "Go, go, brother, brother, brother, the family is all messed up with you." You are the same generation as Jinbao, don't skip a grade casually. ”
小树人用树枝勾出王叶口袋里的金宝，戳戳他，他和这么一个幼稚的小东西才不是一个辈分。
The little tree man used the branch to hook out the gold treasure in Wang Ye's pocket and poked him, he and such a naïve little thing are not the same generation.
金宝被点醒，才意识到辈分问题，当即就冲着小树人叫：“云叽！弟弟！”你是最小的弟弟，休想爬我头上！
Jinbao was woken up, only to realize the problem of seniority, and immediately shouted at the little tree man: "Yun Ji! Brother! "You're the youngest brother, don't want to climb on my head!
不得了了，词汇十分贫乏的金宝竟然被逼的把弟弟这个词给正确发音出来了。
It's amazing, Jinbao, who is very poor in vocabulary, was forced to pronounce the word brother correctly.
雷木注意力被转移，就看小树人十分熟练地把金宝往肩膀上一搁，小树枝手摸摸金宝的小身体，一副你说什么就是什么的模样，瞬间就把炸毛的金宝给抚平了。
Lei Mu's attention was diverted, and he saw that the little tree man was very skillful in putting Jinbao on his shoulder, and the little tree branch touched Jinbao's small body, looking like what you say, and instantly smoothed out the fried Jinbao.
兰道刚刚从我徒弟养了一个精灵幼崽的震惊中惊醒，就被疑似儿子的雷木的过往遭遇给气得不行，接着就证实了雷木确实是他的亲生儿子，可怜他还不知道该如何面对这个孩子，又看到了一个超级稀奇的小树人。
Landau had just woken up from the shock of my apprentice raising an elf cub, and he was so angry that he was angry about the past experience of Lei Mu, who was suspected of being his son, and then confirmed that Lei Mu was indeed his biological son, but he didn't know how to face this child, and he saw a super strange little tree man.
被这么连番轰炸下，兰道忽然觉得比起他儿子和他徒弟养了精灵和树人这样的爆炸消息，他多了个已经二十岁的大儿子这样的事好像真的不算什么。
Under such repeated bombardment, Landau suddenly felt that compared to the explosion news that his son and his apprentice had raised elves and tree men, he had an eldest son who was already twenty years old, and this kind of thing really didn't seem to be a big deal.
王叶盯着兰道发出诡异笑声，他在想只不过一个金宝和一个小云就让兰道师父震惊到这种地步，如果他再见到两百多年前的疯药王和靳炼金王，又会是什么表情？
Wang Ye stared at Lan Dao and let out a weird laugh, he was thinking that just a golden treasure and a small cloud would shock Master Lan Dao to such an extent, if he saw the Mad Medicine King and Jin Alchemy King more than two hundred years ago, what would his expression be?
哎呀，好期待啊！ Oops, I'm looking forward to it!
雷木多了解王小叶啊，捏了捏他的脖颈，警告他：“别捣蛋。”
Lei Mu knew more about Wang Xiaoye, pinched his neck, and warned him: "Don't be mischievous." ”
王叶委屈：“没啊，我没捣蛋啊。我就是想把两位前辈介绍给兰道师父认识而已。”
Wang Ye was aggrieved: "No, I didn't misbehave." I just wanted to introduce the two seniors to Master Landau. ”
他没屏蔽空间，那两人可是在虫巢里听了好一出大戏，疯药王更是听得啧啧有声，一副他有很多话说但他不说的老混蛋样。
He didn't shield the space, but the two of them had listened to a big show in the hive, and the Mad Medicine King listened to it even more loudly, like an old bastard who had a lot to say but didn't say.
“什么前辈？”兰道回神。 "What senior?" Landau came back to his senses.
王叶嘿嘿一笑：“就是偶然认识的两个……老人家，以后介绍给您认识。”
Wang Ye smiled: "It's just two ...... I met by chance." Old man, I will introduce you to you later. ”
疯药王和靳蜘蛛：什么叫老人家？我们有那么老吗？ Mad Medicine King and Jin Spider: What do you mean by an old man? Are we that old?
兰道心神还在雷木和金宝和小树人身上，一时也没多想，就错过了和疯药王与靳蜘蛛见面的机会。
Lan Dao's mind was still on Lei Mu and Jinbao and Xiao Shuren, and he didn't think much about it for a while, so he missed the opportunity to meet the Mad Medicine King and Jin Spider.
主要是王叶在催促他说过去的事情，想以此来验证他的推测。
It was mainly Wang Ye urging him to say things about the past, wanting to use this to verify his speculation.
兰道看雷木也像是很想知道他到底是怎么来的，苦笑一声，说道：“首先，我必须很抱歉地告诉你，我不知道你母亲是谁，当然我们现在都能猜出来，你的亲生母亲九成就是撒月琴，撒尔曼的独女。”
Landau looked at Lei Mu as if he wanted to know how he came here, smiled bitterly, and said: "First of all, I have to be sorry to tell you, I don't know who your mother is, of course, we can all guess now, your biological mother Jiucheng is Sayueqin, the only daughter of Salman. ”
“其次，我也不得不很抱歉地告诉你，如果你母亲真是撒月琴，那我真的不知道她是怎么把你生出来的。在我的记忆中，我没有和她发生过任何过于亲密的关系，虽然我曾经是她的卷轴指导教授。”
"Secondly, I also have to tell you very sorry that if your mother is really Sayueqin, then I really don't know how she gave birth to you. In my memory, I didn't have any overly intimate relationships with her, although I used to be her scroll instructor. ”
“那时我和撒尔曼是朋友关系，他邀请我去银月帝国散心，我那时正好也没什么事，抱着游玩的想法，就去了银月帝国。在那里，我见到了撒尔曼的独女月琴，月琴希望我能指点她卷轴制作，而她本人确实在卷轴制作上有一定天赋，我看在撒尔曼的面子上，加上撒尔曼也不反对，就教了她一段时间。”
"At that time, I was friends with Salman, and he invited me to go to the Silvermoon Empire to relax, and I happened to have nothing to do at that time, so I went to the Silvermoon Empire with the idea of playing. There, I met Salman's only daughter, Yueqin, who wanted me to instruct her on scroll making, and she herself did have a certain talent in scroll making, and I taught her for a while for the sake of Salman's face, and Sahrman did not object. ”
“后来我确实感觉到月琴似乎对我抱有不该有的感情，我为了不让对方深陷，和她说得很清楚。我告诉她，在我眼中，她只是我的学生和我朋友的女儿。然后我就不再指点她。”
"Later, I did feel that Yueqin seemed to have feelings for me that I shouldn't have, and I made it clear to her in order not to let the other party fall into it. I told her that in my eyes, she was just my student and the daughter of my friend. Then I stopped pointing at her. ”
兰道很想长话短说，但有些话真的没办法短说，他揉了揉太阳穴：“也许我说得太直接了，月琴有点受不了，她来找我，跟我说，她父亲对我有不轨之心，让我小心她父亲。然后还跟我说，他父亲也爱过她母亲，但得到后就不珍惜，最后害得她母亲郁郁寡欢，生下她没多久就重病死了。”
Landau wanted to make a long story short, but there were some things that he really couldn't say short, he rubbed his temples: "Maybe I said it too directly, Yueqin couldn't stand it a little, she came to me and told me that her father had ill intentions towards me, and asked me to be careful of her father." Then he told me that his father also loved her mother, but he didn't cherish it after getting it, and finally caused her mother to be depressed, and died of a serious illness not long after giving birth to her. ”
“说真话，我当时真的非常惊讶。我一直都把撒尔曼当好友、当兄弟看，我从没有想过撒尔曼对我会有别的心思。我当时以为月琴在说谎，但我也不好跟撒尔曼求证。”
"To be honest, I was really surprised. I've always regarded Salman as a friend and a brother, and I never thought that Salman would have any other thoughts about me. I thought Yueqin was lying, but I couldn't confirm it with Salman. ”
“可我没想到，月琴跟我说的话，被人传给了撒尔曼。那时我才知道，撒尔曼竟然一直派人盯着我，无论我做了什么、说了什么，他都一清二楚。”
"But I didn't expect that what Yueqin told me was passed on to Salman. That's when I realized that Salman had been sending people to keep an eye on me, and that he knew exactly what I had done or said. ”
兰道对撒尔曼可能真的没有半点朋友以外的感情，他和自家弟子和亲儿子说起过去的事，十分坦然，没有半点不好意思。
Landau may not really have any feelings other than friends for Salman, and he talks about the past with his disciples and his own son, very calmly, without the slightest embarrassment.
“撒尔曼是个控制欲非常强的人，作为帝王，他也习惯了掌控一切。当他发现他女儿说破他对我的感情后，他就来找我了，就很直接地跟我说，希望我能成为他的王后。”
"Salman is a very controlling man, and as an emperor, he is used to being in control. When he found out that his daughter had revealed his feelings for me, he came to me and told me very directly that he wanted me to be his queen. ”
王叶和小树人：“哇！” Wang Ye and Little Tree Man: "Wow! ”
兰道没有感到半点荣幸，只困惑道：“我真的不知道他怎么会冒出这样的想法，我问他，我是不是让他误会了，如果他真的误会了，那我现在就可以明明白白地告诉他，我对他完全没有那方面的意思。”
Landau didn't feel the slightest honor, only confused: "I really don't know how he came up with such an idea, I asked him if I let him misunderstand, if he really misunderstood, then I can tell him now that I don't mean that to him at all." ”
兰道省略了一些过程，对一帮听故事的小家伙道：“我和他打了一架，我对他手下留情，但那家伙却对我动了真格，我不小心被他暗算，被他关了一段时间，就被关在他的寝宫。”
Landau omitted some of the process and said to a group of little guys who listened to the story: "I had a fight with him, and I showed mercy to his subordinates, but that guy was really good at me, and I was accidentally plotted by him, and he was locked up for a while, and then I was locked up in his dormitory." ”
不等王叶和小树人再发出不合时宜的惊叹声，兰道就加快语速道：“我和撒尔曼之间什么也没发生！他虽然囚禁了我，但我仍旧有自保之力，他怕我鱼死网破，也不敢对我做什么。不过……”
Without waiting for Wang Ye and the little tree man to let out another untimely exclamation, Landau sped up his voice and said, "Nothing happened between me and Salman!" Although he imprisoned me, I still had the power to protect myself, and he was afraid that I would die, and he did not dare to do anything to me. But ......"
兰道露出回忆神情：“那次是月琴把我救了出来。如果说她有可能对我动手脚，乃至有了我的孩子，应该就是那次。我记得我在月琴帮助下离开撒尔曼的寝宫后，曾在一座小城堡里休息了一夜，那一夜我睡得很沉，我当时以为自己前面精神太过紧绷，出来后放松的缘故，也没多想。但……”
雷木心情平静地问：“二十一年前？”
兰道沉默片刻，点头：“没错，就是二十一年前。”
兰道清清嗓子，对雷木道：“请不要误会你母亲，更不要讨厌她。其实月琴是个很好的女孩，是我当时没有处理好，也没有意识到一个缺乏父爱的女孩子在面对一个……”
兰道指了指自己的脸，苦笑道：“我这张脸给我带来不少好处的同时，也给我带来了不少麻烦。偏偏我很多时候都没有意识到这点。”
“月琴只是想要被人关爱，并恰好在十八九岁最容易给自己编织梦境、深信爱情就是一切的年纪，倒霉地遇到了我。”
兰道有意识地贬低自己，他是真心认为月琴是个好女孩，也是真心把她当做自己的学生看，自然不希望雷木会对自己的母亲有什么不好的印象和误解。
“月琴很聪明，也非常有才华，性格也非常好，她被教育得很好，完完全全当得起王女这个称呼，而不只是一名公主。她也很受民众爱戴，她父亲撒尔曼对她也没什么意见，很早就确立了她第一继承人的身份。”
兰道心情复杂：“如果没有我，月琴会是一个非常优秀的帝国继承人。我当时以为，她对我的追求不过是一名王女漫长的一生中一小段青春旎梦而已，等到这段时间过去，她就会明白什么才是最适合她的，而她曾经对我产生的感情也只会变成一段成长的回忆，提起来说不定还会逗笑她。可我万没想到……”
兰道看着雷木，眼中有疑惑，也有对自己的自问：“月琴真的不像是会干出那种傻事的女孩子。我真的不明白她怎么会走那样的极端，要一个孩子？包括她的死亡也很古怪，她的身体很健康，本身也是超凡者，又有那么多人保护，怎么可能那么容易就早逝？我觉得这里面肯定还有什么我们不知道的事情。这事我会去调查，你们不用管。”
雷木和王叶互看。虽然兰道说让他们不要管，但只要他们将来还要接触银月帝国，就不可能不管，而且听兰道教授的意思，说不定雷木的出生、包括撒月琴的死亡都另有内幕。
最重要的是，如果撒月琴真的是雷木的母亲，雷木作为儿子，肯定要为母报仇！
王叶冷不丁道：“撒缺德夫妻一定知道什么。撒月琴不可能无缘无故把雷木托付给他们，并选择相信他们。”
兰道目光瞬间冰冷到极点：“那对夫妻我一定会去好好拜访一次，好好感谢他们对我儿子这么多年来的殷勤照顾！”
雷木想说什么，被王叶一把捂住嘴巴。
雷木无奈地抓住王叶的小爪子，他只是想要自己来解决那对夫妻而已，既然都不是他的亲生父母了，还那样对他，他怎么可能不报复回去？之前，他之所以退避，不过是看在血缘关系以及觉得罪在自己身上罢了。
谈话到此，情况也差不多都浮出水面，虽然还有一些比较模糊的事情需要调查，但雷木的身世基本已经能确定。
兰道和雷木的目光再次对上。
这次两人不约而同一起笑了下，那是一种释然的笑。
兰道终于把手成功地落到了雷木的肩膀上，他轻轻拍了拍已经是青年的儿子的肩膀，一切尽在不言中。
第229章 撒尔曼大帝
王叶之后又问到了兰道是怎么被关到魔画中这个敏感问题。
兰道已经说了那么多私事，自然也不在乎多说一点。
“月琴帮助我逃离没多久，萨尔曼就追了上来，我和萨尔曼大战。途中，我向我的另一好友求救，就是陨星的校长。那时我因为储物工具都被萨尔曼收走，没办法制作大量的卷轴，就没能打得过萨尔曼，还被萨尔曼使了阴招，把我摄入了一幅魔画中。”
“萨尔曼原本想带走魔画，但校长及时赶到，抢先一步把魔画抢到手。而校长实力很强，萨尔曼当时比起校长的实力还差一些，校长想走，他根本留不住。”
“再后来，我就到了陨星学校，萨尔曼经常来捣乱，想要找到魔画，校长最后无可奈何，就把魔画放入了图书馆幻境。”
兰道摸摸王叶的脑袋，感叹：“我现在终于明白你是怎么把我从魔画里释放出来的了。”
“哦？因为什么？”王叶对这点也十分好奇。
兰道对雷木笑了笑，说道：“如果你们知道那幅魔画的来源就明白原因了。那幅魔画原本并不是用来关人的监狱，实际上那幅魔画的原制作者是为了他的爱女能更好地玩捉迷藏游戏，而绘制出了那幅画。”
“因为画者女儿非常不擅长捉迷藏，每次都很容易就被其他孩子找到，这位疼爱女儿的父亲就给女儿绘制了这么一幅魔画，让女儿可以走入画中，伪装画中人来躲避寻找她的小朋友。”
“绘制者让他女儿成为魔画操纵者，这样他女儿想进去就进去、想出来就出来。除此之外，为了以防万一，比如孩子调皮不肯按时吃饭睡觉，躲进魔画中不出来。这位父亲就留了一手，那就是只要是他女儿的亲人，包括至亲的伴侣，就可以把他女儿从魔画里拽出来。”
王叶张大嘴：“难道？”
兰道也觉得命运真的非常不可思议：“所以我能从魔画中出来，九成是因为雷木，至于为何雷木没有出面，你就把我从魔画里释放出来，我想可能是因为你和雷木之间有非常紧密的联系，你们是不是有同命契约一类的契约在身上？”
王叶搔头：“我也不知道是不是同命契约，反正我和雷木似乎结下了某种自然契约，就是能彼此感觉到对方的情绪，另外就是我们的空间也能互通。”
兰道不禁道：“你们这关系已经比伴侣更亲密了。”
现在兰道说这句话并没有其他意思，他只是感叹两个孩子关系密切、彼此信赖度高。
雷木和王叶听了也没半点不自然，他们就是比亲兄弟更亲的关系，伴侣也没办法跟他们的关系比。
“虽然如此，我肯定还是比不上雷木。也许想要切断您和魔画之间的最后一丝联系，还需要木木出手。”王叶问道：“你们想试试吗？”
实在不行，他还有一招因果技能【斩断因果】，可以在付出一定代价后强行斩断兰道和魔画之间的因果联系。
雷木看向兰道，他很愿意帮忙。
兰道也想试试，他不想被魔画控制一生。
王叶见两人都做好了准备，这才把魔画拿出来。
魔画一拿出来，兰道就感觉自己被魔画强行拉扯之感。
他对雷木说了具体把他叫出来的方法，雷木正要尝试。
“您可以先回到魔画中。”王叶建议。
兰道暗中吸气，他可真的不想再被关到魔画中了，那里什么都没有，完完全全一个人的禁闭世界，如果不是能看到外面，他也是能耐得住寂寞进行研究的性子，他早就被关疯了。
兰道放松抵抗，被魔画再次吸入。
空白的画板中出现兰道身影。 Landau's figure appears in the blank canvas.
雷木按照兰道教他的方法，对着魔画伸出手，手指按到魔画上，喊道：“我的父亲，您该出来了。”
一只手抓住了雷木的手，兰道的身体一点点从魔画中拔出，雷木拉扯着他。
兰道顺着雷木的力道，彻底从魔画中挣脱出来。
当兰道从魔画中脱离，那丝最后的灵魂联系也彻底断开，兰道当即如释重负。
兰道和雷木王叶不知道的是，在兰道和魔画断开最后一丝联系的同时，魔画现在的主人、也是操纵者如有所感地抬起头，看向了陨星小楼方向。
兰道彻底脱离了魔画？
怎么可能？
之前他就有感觉兰道很可能已经走出魔画，但那最后一丝灵魂联系还在。
He had already felt that Landau was likely to have walked out of the magic painting, but the last trace of soul connection was still there.
而只要兰道和魔画之间有联系，就无法彻底脱离他的掌控，因为他和魔画之间有契约，魔画受他掌控。
And as long as there is a connection between Landau and the magic painting, he can't completely get out of his control, because there is a contract between him and the magic painting, and the magic painting is under his control.
可那个该死的陨星校长发现他能感知到魔画下落后，就把魔画藏到了一个秘境中。秘境空间和双月星的空间联系似有若无，让他无法准确定位，也让他就此失去兰道的下落。
But the damned Headmaster Meteor found out that he could sense the fall of the magic painting, so he hid it in a secret realm. The spatial connection between the secret space and the Twin Moon Stars seemed to be non-existent, making him unable to locate accurately, and also making him lose the whereabouts of Landau.
最近他感觉到魔画似乎被取出来了一小会儿，但之后他跟魔画之间的联系就更淡，几近感觉不到，就像是魔画进入了一个比秘境空间还要遥远的空间中。
Recently, he felt as if the magic painting had been taken out for a short while, but then the connection between him and the magic painting became even weaker, almost invisible, as if the magic painting had entered a space even farther away than the secret space.
但他安排在陨星监视的人手给他传回来一个至关重要的消息，那就是兰道再次出现了。
But the men he had arranged for him to monitor the meteorite had brought back crucial news, and that was that Landau had reappeared.
听说兰道从魔画里走了出来，他当时非常想立刻赶去陨星。
When he heard that Landau had come out of the magic painting, he wanted to rush to the meteorite immediately.
但在走到宫殿门口时，他停下了脚步。 But when he reached the gate of the palace, he stopped.
二十年了，他有时候都快搞不清楚他对兰道的是执念，还是依然有感情。
Twenty years later, he sometimes can't figure out whether he is obsessed with Landau or still has feelings.
但二十年时间足够让他冷静下来去思考一件事，那就是对一个人付出这么多感情是否值得。
But twenty years is enough time for him to calm down and think about one thing, that is, whether it is worth it to give so much affection to a person.
如果他能彻底掌控这个人，而这个人也喜欢他，那就另当别说。
If he can completely control this person, and this person likes him, then don't say anything.
可兰道显然不是能让他掌控的人，最重要的是兰道对他的感情只是朋友和兄弟，并无其他。
But Landau is obviously not someone who can control him, and the most important thing is that Landau's feelings for him are only friends and brothers, and nothing else.
他有时候也会后悔，后悔当年如果不对兰道戳破那层纸，就算月琴多嘴，他也可以找理由说月琴弄错了，而兰道又是那么纯粹的人，他一定会相信他说的理由，这样他们还会继续是好友。
He sometimes regrets that if he hadn't pierced that layer of paper to Landau back then, even if Yueqin was talkative, he could find a reason to say that Yueqin was wrong, and Landau was such a pure person, he would definitely believe the reason he said, so that they would continue to be friends.
像他这种人，到了他这种地位，再想求一个真心的朋友，几乎不可能。失去兰道，其实他不仅仅是失去了一个喜欢的人，他还失去了一名能谈心、能让他放松的至交好友。
It is almost impossible for a person like him, to reach his status, and to ask for a true friend. Losing Landau, in fact, he not only lost a favorite person, but also lost a close friend who could talk and relax him.
他和兰道已经撕破脸，再去找兰道，又有什么意义？ He and Landau have already torn their faces, so what's the point of going to Landau again?
吵架、争斗，再大战一场？ Quarrels, fights, and another big fight?
他只是想要一个被关在画里的囚徒吗？ Does he just want a prisoner to be kept in a painting?
就算他能占有兰道，那又怎样呢？ Even if he could take possession of Landau, so what?
以兰道的性子，必然不会让他得逞，就算他得逞，日后也得日夜防备兰道的反击。
With Landau's temperament, he will definitely not let him succeed, and even if he succeeds, he will have to guard against Landau's counterattack day and night in the future.
除非他废掉兰道，让他从超凡者变成普通人。他才会真正安全。
Unless he abolishes Landau and turns him from a transcendent into an ordinary person. He will be truly safe.
但变成普通人的兰道还是他喜欢、他爱的那个兰道吗？ But is the Landau who has become an ordinary person still the Landau he likes and loves?
而这样折腾的生活有意思吗？ And is it interesting to live such a toss?
思考再三，他没有再赶去陨星，而是返回了他的宫殿。 After much thought, he did not rush to the meteor again, but returned to his palace.
他想，他应该给他自己、给兰道多一点时间。 He thought he should give himself and Landau a little more time.
他甚至想着，如果兰道派人来找他，要求他施展咒语，让他从魔画里彻底脱离，他也会答应。
He even thought that if Landau sent someone to him and asked him to cast a spell to get him out of the magic painting completely, he would agree.
可兰道一直没有来找他，他也压抑住了那份思念。 But Landau never came to him, and he suppressed that longing.
直到双月星超凡者学校大比开始。 Until the Twin Moon Star Transcendent School Big Match begins.
这种学生间的大比，他根本懒得去看。 This kind of big comparison between students, he didn't bother to watch it at all.
但他听说兰道似乎在陨星里面收了一个亲传弟子，很重视对方的模样，而他派在陨星的人也给了他一条消息，说兰道那个弟子极有可能报名参加了卷轴比试。
But he heard that Lan Dao seemed to have accepted a personal disciple in the Meteor Star, and he attached great importance to the appearance of the other party, and the person he sent in the Falling Star also gave him a message, saying that Lan Dao's disciple was very likely to sign up for the scroll competition.
然后他就想到兰道会不会跟着陨星也来到大比现场，虽然只有三分可能，但他还是想来看看。
Then he wondered if Landau would follow the meteorite to the scene of Dabi, although there was only a three-point possibility, he still wanted to come and see.
他想看看二十年后再次看到兰道，他的心情会是怎样的。会不会还和二十年前一样，特别想要和兰道在一起。还是曾经的那份悸动早已经化作记忆，一切都会败在时间之下。
He wanted to see how he would feel when he saw Landau again twenty years later. Will it still be the same as twenty years ago, especially wanting to be with Landau? Or the throbbing of the past has long been turned into a memory, and everything will be lost under time.
可惜他来到大比现场，没有找到疑似兰道的人，那些黑袍真的太可恶了，把人从头遮到脚，遮得半点特征都看不出来。
It's a pity that he came to the scene of Dabi and didn't find anyone suspected of Landau, those black robes are really too hateful, covering people from head to toe, so that they can't see the slightest feature.
反而看到了撒埃德那个蠢货儿子给银月帝国大大丢脸。 Instead, I saw Saed's stupid son who greatly disgraced the Silvermoon Empire.
如果不是他懒得再创造血脉，如果不是他答应他的兄弟会照顾他的后代，只要其后代不主动作乱作死，他就会让他们永远享受富贵生活，那一家子早被他拍死了。
If it weren't for his laziness to create bloodlines, if it weren't for the fact that he promised his brother to take care of his offspring, as long as his descendants didn't take the initiative to make trouble and die, he would let them enjoy a rich life forever, and the family would have been killed by him.
那对蠢货父子还对外打着他继承人的名头，嗤！ That foolish father and son are still in the name of his heirs, sneer!
他们比月琴可是差远了，如果不是…… They are far worse than Yueqin, if not ......
撒尔曼叹息，他觉得自己虽然还没有到衰竭期，却有了一些老人的心态，他对任何事都提不起兴趣，他甚至不想再做这个帝王，就觉得一切都没意思。
Salman sighed, he felt that although he had not yet reached the stage of exhaustion, he had the mentality of some old man, he was not interested in anything, he didn't even want to be the emperor anymore, he felt that everything was boring.
不过他现在很好奇，兰道到底是怎么彻底脱离了那幅魔画？
But now he was curious, how did Landau completely break away from the magic painting?
想要脱离那幅魔画只有两种方法，要么是操纵者放人，要么就是有血脉至亲出面呼唤画中人，再把画中人接出来。
There are only two ways to get out of the magic painting, either the manipulator releases the person, or a blood relative comes forward to call the person in the painting, and then takes the person in the painting out.
可据他所知，兰道已经没有任何亲人，就算有，那血缘关系也会非常淡薄。
But as far as he knew, Landau no longer had any relatives, and even if he did, the blood relationship would be very weak.
所以到底是谁把兰道从魔画里解救出来，如今还能彻底斩断兰道和魔画之间的联系？
So who rescued Landau from the magic painting, and now can completely cut off the connection between Landau and the magic painting?
觉得一切都很无聊的撒尔曼忽然又冒出了一点点想要了解什么的好奇。
Salman, who thought everything was boring, suddenly had a little curiosity about what to know.
半个小时后，刚刚送兰道离开的雷木推开宿舍窗户透气，却在窗户边再次看到了那个眼熟的身影。
Half an hour later, Lei Mu, who had just sent Lan Dao away, pushed open the window of the dormitory to breathe, but saw the familiar figure by the window again.
雷木再也忍不住，跟王叶道：“我的恩人来了，我去找他。”
Lei Mu couldn't hold back any longer, and said to Wang Ye: "My benefactor is here, I'll go find him." ”
“你去呗。”王叶身影一闪，进入了雷木的精灵空间。 "There you go." Wang Ye's figure flashed and entered Lei Mu's elf space.
雷木拿他没办法，只能带着一家子一起去找人。 Lei Mu had no choice but to take the family to find someone together.
漫天繁星下，整个驻扎区就像童话小镇，一条条小路上亮起各种各样的魔法灯，虽然不是特别明亮，却充满奇趣。
Under the starry sky, the whole garrison area is like a fairy tale town, and all kinds of magic lights are lit up on the paths, although they are not particularly bright, but they are full of fun.
有的学校的房子还发出了光芒，看着特别有意思。 Some of the school houses also glowed, which was particularly interesting to look at.
比如地底人族的房子看起来就像一个散发蓝色幽光的大蘑菇，而虫人族的小楼有无数光点闪烁，偶尔那些光点还会围绕小楼飞舞。
For example, the Terran house in the underground looks like a large mushroom that emits a blue glow, while the Zerg building has countless points of light flickering, and occasionally those points of light will fly around the small building.
陨星的小楼看着最为普通，从外表看就是一栋三层高占地两百平的石造小楼。
The small building of the meteorite looks the most ordinary, and from the outside, it is a three-storey stone building covering an area of 200 square meters.
就在陨星小楼外面的小路上，站着一名猎人打扮的高大男子。
Just outside the Meteorite Building, there stood a tall man dressed as a hunter.
男子身材非常好，气势也非常强大，可古怪的是，他就站在那里，看到他的人却像是忽略了这个人，直接走了过去，也没有人盯着他多看。
The man was in very good shape and very powerful, but the strange thing was that he was standing there, and the people who saw him seemed to ignore this person and walked over directly, and no one stared at him more.
雷木从陨星小楼里奔出来。 Thunderwood ran out of the Meteorite Building.
“先生。”雷木在男子面前缓缓停下脚步，尊敬地低声叫道。
"Sir." Remu slowly stopped in front of the man and whispered respectfully.
英俊的猎人挑眉，上下打量雷木。 The handsome hunter raised an eyebrow and looked Raigi up and down.
会这样叫他的人只有一个。 There is only one person who will call him that.
“撒坦？”猎人惊讶。 "Satan?" The hunter was surprised.
雷木露出孺慕和喜悦的笑容，点头：“是我，先生。” Remu smiled with admiration and joy and nodded, "It's me, sir." ”
“你……做了伪装？”猎人目光扫过雷木的脸和全身，当他目光重新落到雷木脸上时，暗想这孩子的五官长开了，竟是十分英俊，甚至让他产生了某种熟悉感。
"You...... Disguised? The hunter's gaze swept over Remu's face and body, and when his gaze fell back on Reimber's face, he secretly thought that the child's facial features had grown, and he was actually very handsome, and even gave him a certain sense of familiarity.
像撒埃德？ Like Saed?
不对，不是像撒埃德，而是更熟悉的…… No, not like Saed, but more familiar......
他忽然产生了某种错觉，他竟然觉得脸上没有了那些古魔法文字的雷木笑起来竟然很像兰道。
He suddenly had some kind of delusion, he actually felt that Lei Mu's smile without those ancient magic words on his face was very similar to Landau.
这一定是错觉，他一定是今天想兰道想得太多了。 It must have been a delusion, he must have thought too much about Landau today.
雷木摸摸自己的脸，有点不好意思地回答：“不是伪装，我只是能控制自己的力量了。”
Lei Mu touched his face and replied a little embarrassedly, "It's not a disguise, I can just control my own power." ”
猎人闻言，轻轻一挥手，结界自然形成。 Hearing this, the hunter waved his hand slightly, and the enchantment naturally formed.
如今他们两人站在这里，但任是谁也不会再看见他们。 The two of them stood here now, but no one would ever see them again.
“你现在在陨星学习？”猎人注意到雷木身上穿着的校服。
"You're studying at Meteorite now?" The hunter notices the school uniform that Remu is wearing.
雷木点头。 Raimu nodded.
“不错。我以为你一辈子都无法脱离家族墓地，需要借用那里的力量才能压制你身体中的魔种力量。”猎人不无欣赏地道。
"Not bad. I thought you would never be able to leave the family cemetery for the rest of your life, and you need to borrow the power there to suppress the power of the demon seed in your body. "Hunters don't appreciate authenticity.
雷木也单纯高兴道：“我碰到了一个人，他帮了我很多。”
Lei Mu was also simply happy: "I met a person who helped me a lot. ”
“哦？是你喜欢的人？”猎人如长辈一样，露出调侃的笑容。
"Oh? Is it someone you like? The hunter smiled teasingly, like an elder.
雷木笑起来：“不是您以为的那种喜欢，是……弟弟，好兄弟。他还很小，我认识他的时候，他才八岁。不过他非常聪明，是一个超级天才，虽然小，懂的却很多。”
Remu laughed: "It's not the kind of liking you think you think, it's ...... Brother, good brother. He was still very young, he was eight years old when I met him. But he's very smart, he's a super genius, and although he's young, he knows a lot. ”
“好兄弟啊……”猎人拖长语调，拍了拍雷木的肩膀，“珍惜这份兄弟情吧，谁也不知道将来会发生什么。”
"Good brother...... the hunter patted Raigi on the shoulder, "cherish this brotherhood, no one knows what will happen in the future." ”
雷木肯定地道：“我们将来也会好好的。” Lei Mu said affirmatively: "We will be fine in the future." ”
猎人笑笑，没有说什么不好听的话打击这个孩子。 The hunter smiled and didn't say anything bad to hit the child.
在他眼里，雷木就是一个小孩子。他看过这孩子最糟糕、最凄惨的模样，也看过他是怎么挣扎着求生，一点点从小不点长到少年。
In his eyes, Remu is a child. He has seen the worst and most miserable appearance of this child, and he has also seen how he struggles to survive, little by little, from a young man to a teenager.
比起那个撒奇尔，他更欣赏这个孩子。 He admired the child more than that Thatcher.
当年他也是无意遇到这个倒霉孩子，那孩子第一次魔种力量爆发，他感觉到了那股特别的力量，就赶了过去。
Back then, he also unintentionally met this unlucky child, the first time the power of the demon seed broke out, he felt that special power, and rushed over.
那股爆发的力量极为庞大，好些研究这孩子的魔法师都死在那场爆炸中。
The force of the explosion was so great that many of the magicians who studied the child died in the explosion.
他从爆炸中心把那孩子捡了出来。 He picked up the kid from the epicenter of the explosion.
经过询问，他才知道发生了什么事情。 After questioning, he found out what had happened.
在知道这个孩子竟然是撒埃德的长子后，他对撒埃德不珍惜自己血脉后代的行为很看不上眼，但这孩子到底是撒埃德的长子，他也懒得多插手。
After knowing that this child turned out to be Saed's eldest son, he looked down on Saed's behavior of not cherishing his bloodline, but in the end, this child was Saed's eldest son, and he didn't bother to interfere.
只是以路过强者的身份，让那一家子不要太过分。 It's just that as a passing strongman, let that family not go too far.
后来他再遇到撒坦，是这孩子第二次魔种力量爆发。
见那么一个小小的孩子经历两次魔种力量爆发竟然都能坚强地活下来，正百般无聊的他对这个小孩产生了一点点兴趣，之后就花了一点时间，没事就过去指点指点他。
之后他还利用自己的另一重身份，有意无意地提醒撒埃德，让他把天生魔种的长子扔到家族墓地。
因为家族墓地的力量可以压制撒坦身体中的魔种能量。
后来撒坦长大了，见撒坦在墓地待得还算安稳，他又无聊了，之后就没再去见那孩子。
但撒埃德一家对那孩子做的事，基本他都知道，包括他们给那孩子泼污水、虐待他、追捕他，甚至把那孩子生命力转给撒奇尔的事，他都知道。
但他真的懒得管太多，撒坦是撒埃德的儿子，又不是他儿子。
But he really didn't bother to care too much, and Satan was Saeed's son, not his son.
他能抽出一点时间指点那小子怎么压制和利用他身体中的魔种能量，已经是看在他早死的弟弟份上，同时也是看那孩子太过可怜，而他那段时间又正好很无聊。
He was able to take a little time to instruct that kid on how to suppress and use the demon seed energy in his body, for the sake of his younger brother who died early, but also because the kid was too pitiful, and he happened to be bored during that time.
没想到这孩子竟然这么争气，不但从撒埃德的手上逃脱，还进了陨星魔法学校，如今还能控制自己的魔种力量。
I didn't expect this kid to be so competitive, not only escaped from Saed's hands, but also entered the Meteorite Magic School, and now he can control his demon seed power.
不错，不愧是他们撒家的种！ Yes, it deserves to be the seed of their family!
他弟弟也可以瞑目了，好歹出的不都是烂货。 His younger brother can also be blinded, and it's not all rotten goods.
雷木真的非常高兴，今天他不但知道了自己的身世，找到了自己的亲生父亲，还看到了好久没有看到的恩人。
Lei Mu is really very happy, today he not only knows his life experience, finds his biological father, but also sees a benefactor he hasn't seen for a long time.
他会记住今天，这是个好日子。 He will remember today, it was a good day.
“先生，您也是来看大比的吗？”雷木问。 "Sir, are you also here to see Dabi?" Raimu asked.
猎人点头：“嗯，正好没事就过来看看，没想到会看到你。啊，你说的那个小天才，不会就是那个小叶子吧？”
The hunter nodded: "Well, I just happened to come over and take a look, I didn't expect to see you." Ah, the little genius you are talking about, can't it be that little leaf? ”
雷木笑：“就是他。” Lei Mu smiled: "That's him." ”
猎人眼中闪过惊讶神色，到底是自己指点过的孩子，他下意识提醒了一句：“让你弟弟小心点，他出的风头太大了，有人已经盯上他。”
A look of surprise flashed in the hunter's eyes, it was the child he had instructed, and he subconsciously reminded: "Let your brother be careful, he is too much of a limelight, and someone has already targeted him." ”
“长生会吗？”雷木直接道。 "Will there be immortals?" Lei Mu said directly.
猎人更惊讶了，“看来你这几年真的成长了，也接触了不少事，竟然连那个组织都知道了。”
The hunter was even more surprised, "It seems that you have really grown up in the past few years, and you have been exposed to a lot of things, and you even know about that organization." ”
雷木只道：“陨星是座很好的学校。” Lei Mu only said, "Meteorite is a good school. ”
猎人轻哼，他讨厌陨星的校长，连带也不喜欢陨星这个破学校。
The hunter snorted, he hated the headmaster of Meteorite, and he didn't like Meteorite's broken school.
“你应该去西顿。你到底是银月帝国的人。”猎人道。 "You should go to Sidon. You are from the Silvermoon Empire after all. "Hunter Human.
雷木摇头：“先生，您知道我的情况，如果我继续留在银月帝国，我根本活不到现在。”
Lei Mu shook his head: "Sir, you know my situation, if I continue to stay in the Silver Moon Empire, I won't be alive now. ”
猎人目光一寒：“你那对父母就是白痴！魔种又怎么了？临渊魔法学校还特别喜欢招收魔种学生呢。他们如果肯好好培养你，他们就相当于获得了一个强大的保护力，结果……真是蠢到家了。”
The hunter's eyes froze: "Your parents are idiots!" What happened to the Demon Seed? The Linyuan School of Magic also likes to recruit demon students. If they are willing to nurture you well, they will be equivalent to gaining a strong protective power, and the result is ...... It's stupid. ”
雷木深吸气，他忽然很想告诉这位恩人，想告诉他，那对歹毒的公爵夫妻根本就不是他的亲生父母。
Lei Mu took a deep breath, and he suddenly wanted to tell this benefactor, to tell him that the vicious duke couple were not his biological parents at all.
“先生，我刚刚知道，其实撒埃德夫妻俩并不是我的亲生父母。”雷木说了，他相信这位恩人，也想把自己的喜悦分享给他。
"Sir, I just learned that Saeed and his wife are not my biological parents." Remu said that he believed in this benefactor and wanted to share his joy with him.
猎人愣住：“你说什么？” The hunter was stunned: "What did you say?" ”
雷木满眼都是笑，是真高兴地说道：“我说那对夫妻并不是我的亲生父母，我的亲生父亲和母亲另有其人，今天我见到我亲生父亲了。他很好，非常好！”
Lei Mu's eyes were full of smiles, and he said happily: "I said that the couple is not my biological parents, my biological father and mother are other people, and today I met my biological father." He's nice, very nice! ”
“不可能。”猎人脱口而出，他亲自验证过这孩子的血脉，确实是撒家的种。
"Impossible." The hunter blurted out that he had personally verified that the child's bloodline was indeed the seed of the Sajia family.
“你不会被人骗了吧？” "You're not going to be fooled, are you?"
雷木笑出声：“先生，您放心，这是真事，没有人骗我。我的亲生父亲是个很了不起的人，他在知道他有了一个孩子后，也是惊讶得不得了。虽然我不是他期盼的孩子，但是他真的是个好人，我能感觉出来他想努力和我建立感情，并愿意对我负责。”
Lei Mu laughed: "Sir, don't worry, this is the real thing, no one lied to me." My biological father was a wonderful man, and he was amazed to learn that he had a child. Although I was not the child he was looking for, he was a really good person and I could feel that he wanted to work hard to build a relationship with me and was willing to take responsibility for me. ”
猎人看着雷木的笑脸，错觉越来越严重。 The hunter looked at Remu's smiling face, and the delusion grew worse.
他可以十分肯定，撒坦一定是撒家的种。 He was pretty sure that Satan must be the seed of Sata.
而他很确定他没有其他孩子，月琴也不会有后代，而他其他直系兄弟都已经死光，唯一可以称得上是他直系血脉的就是撒埃德和撒奇尔父子。
And he is very sure that he has no other children, Yueqin will not have offspring, and his other direct brothers are dead, and the only ones who can be called his direct blood are Saeed and Thatchir father and son.
所以他从没有怀疑过撒坦的身世。 So he never doubted Satan's origins.
可现在撒坦却告诉他，他的亲生父母另有其人？ But now Satan told him that his biological parents were someone else?
撒坦身怀撒家的血，笑起来的五官却能让他产生看到那个人的错觉……
Satan was pregnant with the blood of Sa's family, but his smiling facial features could give him the illusion of seeing that person......
还有他今天感觉到的那个人和魔画之间的联系彻底断开……
And the connection between the person he felt today and the magic painting was completely severed......
某个足以令他颤栗的可怕答案呼之欲出！ A terrible answer was on the horizon to make him shudder!
第230章 大帝和兰道见面 Chapter 230: The Great Emperor and Landau meet
“你的亲生父亲是兰道？卷轴大宗师兰道？” "Your biological father is Landau? Scroll Grand Master Landau? ”
猎人不知道自己实质地问出了这句话。 The hunter didn't know what he was asking the truth.
这次轮到雷木愣住了，下意识反问：“您怎么知道？” This time, it was Lei Mu's turn to be stunned, and subconsciously asked, "How do you know?" ”
猎人身体晃了一下，他伸出手，像是要抓住什么。 The hunter's body shook for a moment, and he reached out as if to grab something.
雷木连忙伸手抓住猎人的手，这时他才发现他的恩人瘦得可怕，他的手掌几乎没有半点脂肪，全是皮和骨头，只有一点点肌肉。
Lei Mu hurriedly reached out and grabbed the hunter's hand, only then did he realize that his benefactor was terrifyingly thin, his palm was almost not fat, it was all skin and bones, and only a little muscle.
但这只瘦削到极点的手却充满力道，在抓紧雷木手掌时，力气大得，让雷木觉得自己的手骨要被握碎。
But this extremely thin hand was full of strength, and when he grabbed Lei Mu's palm, the force was so great that Lei Mu felt that his hand bones were about to be shattered.
猎人稳住了心神。 The hunter steadied himself.
他还不至于这么经受不住打击，只是这个消息太突然。 He wasn't so overwhelmed by the blow, but the news was too sudden.
突然到让他的大脑一时罢工。 Suddenly enough to make his brain strike for a moment.
猎人慢慢松开手，拍拍雷木的手背，又重新握住，过了好一会儿才放开。
The hunter slowly let go of his hand, patted the back of Raigi's hand, and held it again, before letting go after a while.
雷木心下万分怪异。 Lei Mu's heart is very weird.
“你的母亲是谁？”猎人低低地问，声音在不知不觉中变得暗哑。
"Who is your mother?" The hunter asked in a low voice, his voice darkening unconsciously.
雷木皱眉，他看着这位恩人，再次反问：“您怎么知道我父亲是兰道教授？”
Lei Mu frowned, he looked at this benefactor, and asked again, "How do you know that my father is Professor Landau?" ”
猎人抬起头，看向面前的青年。 The hunter raised his head and looked at the youth in front of him.
他伸出手，手指掠过青年的五官。 He stretched out his hand, his fingers running over the young man's features.
雷木想躲，忍住。他信任这位恩人，也能感觉到对方此时万分复杂的情绪。他在想，这位恩人是不是认识兰道教授，说不定和兰道教授关系还很好。
Remu wanted to hide, but held back. He trusted this benefactor, and he could also feel the other party's complicated emotions at this time. He wondered if this benefactor knew Professor Landau, and maybe he had a good relationship with Professor Landau.
呃，说不定他的这位恩人也喜欢兰道教授？ Well, maybe this benefactor of his likes Professor Landau too?
没办法，谁让他爹长了一张倾国倾城的脸……
刚知道自己亲爹另有其人，就发现亲爹兴许是个万人迷，也许有数不清的追求者的雷木就觉得天空中有无数滚雷轰隆隆滚过。
他脑中甚至冒出一幕名场面，他亲爹兰道站在广场最中间，周围无数男男女女拿着拖鞋衣架折叠凳和板砖互殴，一边互相拉拽头发戳对方鼻孔，一边高吼：兰道是我的！
雷木差点笑喷。
抱歉！明明恩人看起来情绪这么沉重，他却想笑，太不应该了。
都是地球那些没下限的影视节目，才会让他满脑子狗血场面。
好吧，这是借口。他只是不了解也不知道该怎么面对兰道，也不知道该怎么面对过去那些有可能是他亲人的人。
Well, here's the excuse. He just didn't know and didn't know how to face Landau, and he didn't know how to face those who might be his relatives in the past.
他和兰道才见过几面？ How many times has he and Landau met?
彼此都很尴尬，想要马上产生感情也不可能，他心中到现在都还觉得荒谬，他感到自己就像一出荒诞剧中的主角，更感到自己的出生对于这些长辈来说就是多余的负累，他原本就不该出生。
They are very embarrassed by each other, and it is impossible to have feelings for them immediately, he still feels ridiculous in his heart, he feels like the protagonist of an absurd drama, and he feels that his birth is a superfluous burden for these elders, and he should not have been born in the first place.
从出生即有罪的罪者变成不应该出生的多余者，他都搞不清楚哪种更伤人。
From being born guilty of sinners to being superfluous who should not have been born, he couldn't figure out which hurt more.
在这出荒诞剧中，所有人的形象都是扭曲、怪异、搞笑的。
In this absurdist drama, everyone's image is distorted, weird, and funny.
雷木必须在心里找一些其他事情来分散自己的情绪，人都是有承受上限的，他不想让自己变得更难看，尤其不想在“这些亲人”面前变得难看和不懂事。他的大脑把现在看到的一切自然就做了一次处理，好让他能“更冷静地面对”。
Lei Mu has to find some other things in his heart to distract his emotions, people have a limit to what they can bear, and he doesn't want to make himself more ugly, especially not to be ugly and ignorant in front of "these relatives". His brain naturally processed everything he saw so that he could "face it more calmly".
猎人本来满腹沉重心思，在看到青年那怪异的表情后，屈起手指在雷木脑门敲了一下，“笑什么？古里古怪的。”
The hunter was originally full of heavy thoughts, and after seeing the strange expression of the young man, he flexed his finger and knocked on the door of Lei Mu's head, "What are you laughing at?" Quarky. ”
雷木很不好意思，“没什么，就是想您是不是认识兰道教授。”
Remu was embarrassed, "It's nothing, I just wonder if you know Professor Landau." ”
“……认识，当然认识。我和他曾经可是最好的兄弟、最好的朋友。”猎人语气很难形容。
“…… Know, of course know. He and I used to be the best brothers, best friends. The hunter's tone is hard to describe.
雷木脑中闪过什么，嘴中却说道：“原来您也是他的好兄弟吗？”
Something flashed through Lei Mu's mind, but his mouth said, "It turns out that you are also his good brother?" ”
“除了陨星那个混蛋和我这个混蛋以外，他还有其他好兄弟吗？”猎人很不高兴地道。
"Does he have any good brothers other than that bastard and me?" The hunter said upset.
雷木：“咳。”您自称自己是混蛋是个什么意思？而且为什么我爹的朋友都是混蛋？
Remu: "Ahem. "What do you mean by calling yourself a jerk? And why are my dad's friends all assholes?
猎人眼中忽然出现笑意，逗雷木道：“兰道是不是跟你提过我？你猜到我身份了？”
A smile suddenly appeared in the hunter's eyes, and he teased Lei Mu and said, "Did Landau mention me to you?" Did you guess who I am? ”
雷木用力摇头。不，我什么都没猜到！ Remu shook his head vigorously. No, I didn't guess anything!
猎人低声笑，他说：“你是个聪明孩子，如果兰道跟你提过我，我想你可能已经猜到我是谁，不过没关系，你可以假装没猜到。”
The hunter chuckled under his breath, and he said, "You're a smart boy, and if Landau had mentioned me to you, I think you might have guessed who I was, but that's okay, you can pretend you didn't." ”
说完，他还揉了揉雷木的脑袋。 After saying that, he also rubbed Raimu's head.
他这个动作做起来很自然，也很亲昵。 He did this very naturally and intimately.
雷木：“……”先生虽然指点过他，但从没有对他做过这么亲昵的动作。
Remu: Although Mr. ...... has instructed him, he has never done such intimate gestures to him.
猎人迅速收拾好所有情绪，望向陨星小楼，“本来我想着要不要见他，但现在我想我很有必要和他见上一面。我不好直接进去，那是挑衅。你去把兰道找来，就说我找他。”
The hunter quickly collected all his emotions and looked at the Meteor Building, "Originally, I was thinking about whether or not to meet him, but now I think it is necessary for me to meet him. It's not good for me to go in directly, that's a provocation. You go and get Landau, and you say I'm looking for him. ”
雷木：“……” Raimi: "......"
猎人挑眉：“放心，我不会对他怎样，也没办法对他怎样。或者你更希望我就站在你们学校小楼门口大喊兰道的名字，让他出来见我？”
The hunter raised his eyebrows: "Don't worry, I won't do anything to him, and I can't do anything to him." Or would you prefer that I just stand in front of your school building and shout Landau's name and ask him to come out and meet me? ”
王叶在空间中吃吃笑：“这个大帝好无赖。他当年不会就是用这招缠上兰道教授的吧？”
Wang Ye ate and laughed in the space: "This emperor is such a scoundrel. He couldn't have used this trick to entangle Professor Landau back then, right? ”
雷木想说：求别那么快就说出他的身份，我都还没来得及震惊。
Lei Mu wanted to say: Please don't tell his identity so quickly, I haven't had time to be shocked.
今天这一波一波的，雷木被冲得都不知道该用什么表情面对这些长辈。
Today's wave of waves, Lei Mu was so rushed that he didn't know what expression to use to face these elders.
“我去问问兰道教授，但我不保证他会出来见您。”雷木只能这么说道。
"I'm going to ask Professor Landau, but I don't guarantee he'll come out to see you." That's all Remu can say.
猎人挥手：“去吧，他会来见我的。我相信他现在也有很多疑问。如果他实在不想出来，你就跟他说，我对我女儿睡过的男人不会再感兴趣。”
The hunter waved: "Go, he will come to meet me." I'm sure he also has a lot of questions right now. If he really doesn't want to come out, you tell him that I won't be interested in the man my daughter slept with anymore. ”
雷木差点一个踉跄。 Raimu almost stumbled.
王叶在空间中哈哈大笑。 Wang Ye laughed in the space.
数分钟后。 A few minutes later.
兰道出来了，脸色铁青地出来，一看到猎人，就确认了对方的身份——当年某个混蛋就是用这个身份和这张脸和他结识。
Landau came out, his face was grim, and as soon as he saw the hunter, he confirmed the identity of the other party - this is how a certain bastard used this identity and this face to get acquainted with him.
兰道冲着猎人上下看了看，眼中似乎满是讽刺：“你还是跟以前一样，满嘴胡言。”
Landau looked up and down at the hunter, his eyes seemed to be full of sarcasm: "You are still the same as before, full of nonsense. ”
猎人眼睛死死地盯住兰道。 The hunter's eyes were fixed on Landau.
兰道冷脸道：“不要在小辈面前胡说八道，我也根本就没有碰过你女儿。你以为你们父女是什么，不管是你，还是你女儿，我都没半点兴趣。”
Lan Dao said with a cold face: "Don't talk nonsense in front of juniors, I haven't touched your daughter at all." What do you think your father and daughter are, whether it's you or your daughter, I'm not interested in the slightest. ”
兰道大约觉得这句话有点对不起雷木的母亲，歉意地看了雷木一眼。
Landau probably felt a little sorry for Lei Mu's mother at this sentence, and glanced at Lei Mu apologetically.
雷木垂下眼眸，隐藏起所有情绪。兰道没有错，所有人都没有错，错的只是……他也不知道是谁。
Reimu lowered his eyes, hiding all his emotions. There is nothing wrong with Landau, there is nothing wrong with everyone, it is only ...... that is wrong He didn't know who it was.
看得出来，两方都很克制，没人想在这里闹出狗血剧被人围观，尤其还有晚辈在场。
It can be seen that both parties are very restrained, and no one wants to make a bloody drama here and be watched, especially the younger generations present.
“要打一架吗？”猎人忽然笑了，满眼都是笑意，那是真的开心。
"Do you want a fight?" The hunter suddenly smiled, his eyes full of smiles, it was really happy.
“不是现在。”兰道冷静道。转身就往陨星小楼走。 "Not now." Landau said calmly. Turn around and walk towards the Meteorite Building.
猎人慢慢悠悠地跟上。 The hunter slowly followed.
两人一前一后进入陨星小楼。 The two of them entered the Meteorite Building one after the other.
陨星学校护卫见兰道教授亲自带人进来，就没拦。 When the Meteorite School guards saw that Professor Landau had personally brought people in, they didn't stop them.
雷木和王叶互看，也跟了进去。 Lei Mu and Wang Ye looked at each other and followed.
兰道推开一间会议室的门。 Landau pushed open the door to a conference room.
猎人走入会议室。 The hunter walked into the conference room.
雷木和王叶也跟在后面想进去，被兰道挡住。 Lei Mu and Wang Ye also followed behind and wanted to go in, but were blocked by Landau.
“你们两个回去。放心，我不会有事。”兰道放软声调说道。
"You two go back. Rest assured, I'll be fine. Landau said in a soft tone.
猎人也冲着两人说：“大人的事小孩别管，这么晚了，你们该上床睡觉了。”
The hunter also said to the two, "Adults and children, don't worry about it, it's so late, you should go to bed." ”
雷木犹豫，正要离开。 Remu hesitated and was about to leave.
王叶却抓住雷木的手，振振有词地道：“这事不止牵扯到你们大人，也牵扯到我们。我和雷木有权知道当年的真相！”
Wang Ye grabbed Lei Mu's hand and said eloquently: "This matter not only involves you adults, but also us. Remu and I have the right to know the truth back then! ”
兰道还没说什么。 Landau hadn't said anything yet.
猎人先嗤笑道：“撒坦想知道真相就算了，你小子有什么权力？难不成我女儿给我生了两个大孙子？”
The hunter sneered first: "Satan wants to know the truth, forget it, what power do you kid have?" Could it be that my daughter gave birth to two eldest grandchildren? ”
兰道皱眉，冷眼怼猎人：“我说了，别跟小辈胡说八道。”
Landau frowned, and scolded the hunter: "I said, don't talk nonsense with juniors." ”
猎人示弱地抬起手掌，表示他不会再乱说。 The hunter raised his palm weakly, indicating that he would not talk any more.
王叶似乎很无奈地推了推雷木：“好吧，那我就不听了，不过雷木必须在场。”
Wang Ye seemed to be very helpless and pushed Lei Mu: "Okay, then I won't listen, but Lei Mu must be present." ”
兰道：别以为我不知道你能躲进雷木的空间里。 Landau: Don't think I didn't know you could hide in Thunderwood's space.
兰道知道，但猎人不知道啊。 Landau knows, but the hunter doesn't.
猎人看看雷木，似乎想到什么，对兰道说道：“有这孩子在场也好，有些事他也该知道，而且有他在，我们也不容易打起来。”
The hunter looked at Lei Mu, as if he had thought of something, and said to Landau: "It's good that this kid is present, there are some things he should know, and with him, it will not be easy for us to fight." ”
兰道沉默，这就算是同意了。 Landau was silent, which was considered an agreement.
雷木走入会议室，王小叶非常贴心地帮他们从外面带上房门。
Lei Mu walked into the conference room, and Wang Xiaoye was very considerate to help them bring the door from the outside.
房门刚关上，疯药王他们就疯狂催促王叶赶紧进入雷木的精灵空间。
As soon as the door was closed, the Mad Medicine King and the others frantically urged Wang Ye to hurry into Lei Mu's elf space.
这一天真的是太精彩了，雷木的身世简直比蓝星群岛那边的影视节目还有意思，而且还是现实版，不看后悔一辈子啊。
This day is really exciting, Lei Mu's life experience is more interesting than the film and television shows on the Blue Star Islands, and it is also a realistic version, I will regret it for a lifetime if I don't watch it.
王叶刚要进入雷木的空间，就看身边突然冒出一个人。 As soon as Wang Ye was about to enter Lei Mu's space, he saw a person suddenly appear next to him.
这人浑身都笼罩在黑袍中，动作鬼鬼祟祟，贴着会议室的门，似乎想要偷听。
The man was shrouded in black robes and acted sneakily, sticking to the door of the conference room, as if trying to eavesdrop.
他还对王叶招手，做口型：小鬼，一起听啊。 He also beckoned to Wang Ye and lip-synched: Little ghost, listen together.
王叶插腰，大声问：“你谁啊？贴在大门上，是想偷听吗？”
Wang Ye thrust his waist and asked loudly, "Who are you?" Sticking it on the door, is it trying to eavesdrop? ”
会议室门唰地打开。 The conference room door slammed open.
兰道出来：“谁想偷听？” Landau came out: "Who wants to eavesdrop?" ”
王叶伸手指向黑袍人……哎？人呢？ Wang Ye stretched out his hand and pointed at the black-robed man...... Ay? What about people?
“刚刚这儿有个人，穿着黑袍，你一开门他就不见了。”王叶惊奇道。
"There was a man here just now, wearing a black robe, and he disappeared as soon as you opened the door." Wang Ye said in surprise.
兰道脸色黑了黑，他脑中闪过几个可能的人选，口头催促王叶赶紧滚回去睡觉，随即关上门，又在里面释放了一张防止偷听的结界卷轴。
Lan Dao's face darkened, several possible candidates flashed in his mind, and verbally urged Wang Ye to hurry back to sleep, then closed the door, and released an enchantment scroll to prevent eavesdropping.
王叶左右看看，没再看到那个偷听的，闪身就进入了雷木的精灵空间。
Wang Ye looked left and right, didn't see the eavesdropping one again, and dodged into Lei Mu's elf space.
会议室内，猎人靠在木质长桌边沿，面向着兰道，脸上还带着浅浅的笑容。
In the conference room, the hunter leaned against the edge of the long wooden table, facing Landau, with a shallow smile on his face.
雷木自觉站到角落。 Raimu consciously stood in the corner.
兰道手指点了点桌面，刚要说什么。 Landau tapped his finger on the table, just about to say something.
猎人就抢先道：“你瘦了很多。” The hunter preemptively said, "You've lost a lot of weight." ”
兰道眼神有些许变化，但开口就是满满的讽刺：“感谢你在魔画世界里放了那么多食物，好歹没把我饿死。你又是怎么回事？银月帝国要倒了吗？还是在闹饥荒？竟然把堂堂大帝给饿瘦成这样？”
Landau's eyes changed slightly, but his mouth was full of sarcasm: "Thank you for putting so much food in the magic painting world, so you didn't starve me to death." What's the matter with you? Is the Silvermoon Empire about to fall? Or is there a famine? Actually starved and thinned the emperor like this? ”
猎人低低笑出声：“我以为你很恨我。” The hunter chuckled, "I thought you hated me. ”
兰道闭了闭眼睛，冷淡地道：“你觉得这种事还需要特别提出来吗？要么你让我关你二十年禁闭试试？”
Landau closed his eyes and said coldly, "Do you think this kind of thing needs to be brought up in particular?" Or do you want me to lock you up for twenty years? ”
“好啊。” "Okay."
“很好，记住你现在的话。我问你，月琴当年到底是怎么死的，还有雷木的事，你到底知不知道？”兰道现在只想知道某些事情的答案。
"Very well, remember your words now. Let me ask you, how did Yueqin die back then, and what happened to Lei Mu, do you know it? Landau only wants to know the answer to certain things now.
他对某人的恨早就过了巅峰值，在被关的初期，他成天想着的都是怎么报复撒尔曼，要对方付出性命。恨到极点的时候，甚至想要毁天灭地。
His hatred for someone has long passed its peak, and in the early days of his imprisonment, all he thinks about is how to get revenge on Salman and ask the other party to pay for his life. When I hate it to the extreme, I even want to destroy the world.
但他在魔画世界中不可能一直恨，那也不是他。他不断跟自己说，就当这是闭关学习，他在里面拼命研究卷轴知识。
But he can't hate all the time in the magic painting world, and that's not him. He kept telling himself that it was a retreat, and that he was desperately studying the scroll knowledge in it.
校长也为他找来不少卷轴相关，送入魔画供他研究。 The headmaster also found a lot of scrolls for him and sent them into magic paintings for him to study.
而研究知识总是有用的，他终于有办法从魔画中脱离。 And studying knowledge is always useful, and he finally has a way to break away from magic painting.
之后更因此认识小叶子，并被小叶子真正从魔画中带出。
Later, he got to know Xiao Ye Zi because of this, and was really brought out of the magic painting by Xiao Yezi.
出来的一瞬间，他对撒尔曼的仇恨心依旧存在，但再也没有想要毁天灭地或把那人撕碎的激烈。
The moment he came out, his hatred for Salman was still there, but there was no more intense desire to destroy the world or tear the man apart.
也许是他随时都能去解决撒尔曼，把他也关个二十年四十年甚至更久。
Maybe he could go and deal with Salman at any time, and lock him up for twenty or forty years or more.
但他不想去。 But he didn't want to go.
不是无法面对，而是一种强者在心理上自然而然生出的藐视。
It's not that it's impossible to face, but it's a kind of contempt that is born naturally in the psychology of the strong.
我出来了，我就在这里，你敢来见我吗？ I'm out, I'm here, do you dare to come to see me?
而你对我来说，半点不重要，我现在要调教徒弟，忙得很，等我有空了，我再去教训你。
And you don't matter to me, I'm going to train my apprentice now, I'm very busy, and when I'm free, I'll teach you again.
所以乍一看到撒尔曼，兰道发现自己的情绪很平静，并没有恨得要死要活，对一个自己随时都能下手教训的人，他也根本没有拼命的必要。
So at first glance when he saw Salman, Landau found that his emotions were very calm, and he didn't hate to die or live, and he didn't have to fight hard at all for a person who could teach him a lesson at any time.
猎人，也是撒尔曼大帝看着兰道，整个人的情绪就像是分裂成了两半，一半迫切想要知道撒坦的身世是怎么回事，一半则是解脱般的轻松和愉悦。
The hunter, also Salman the Great, looked at Landau, and the whole person's emotions seemed to be split into two halves, half eager to know what was going on with Satan's background, and half was as relieved and happy as relief.
他以为他和兰道会成为仇人，会老死不相往来，会相对无言。可是真的和兰道见面了，他才发现这个人依旧是他的好兄弟好朋友（他单方面的认为），他们之间就好像没有那二十年的分离，相处起来就如当年一样轻松自在。
He thought that he and Landau would become enemies, that they would die without contact, and that they would be relatively speechless. But when he really met Landau, he found that this person was still his good brother and friend (he unilaterally believed), and it was as if there was no twenty years of separation between them, and they got along as easily as they did back then.
哪怕兰道明显想狠狠揍他好几顿，朝死里揍那种。 Even if Landau obviously wanted to beat him up several times, to the death.
可兰道表现得却那么云淡风轻，那种对他的藐视和不在乎，从他的言行中全都透了出来。
But Lan Dao behaved so calmly, and the contempt and indifference to him was all revealed in his words and deeds.
这大约就是强者的自信，他当年会被兰道迷住，可不止是因为那张脸。他喜欢兰道的强大和自信，他被这样的兰道迷醉。
This is about the confidence of the strong man, he was fascinated by Landau back then, but not only because of that face. He liked Landau's strength and self-confidence, and he was fascinated by such Landau.
撒尔曼想笑，他很久很久没有这么开心了。 Salman wanted to laugh, he hadn't been so happy in a long, long time.
“我后悔了。”他老老实实地说道。 "I regret it." He said honestly.
兰道冷哼。 Landau snorted coldly.
撒尔曼放松身体，轻叹：“当年我也不知道自己怎么了，就像老房子着火一样，囤积的感情无处发泄，就想你能知道，想要你能接受，幻想着我们能更进一步的幸福生活。”
Salman relaxed his body and sighed lightly: "I didn't know what happened to me back then, just like the old house was on fire, and there was nowhere to vent my hoarded feelings, I just wanted you to know, I wanted you to accept, and fantasized that we could live a happier life further." ”
兰道直白道：“你还想怎么更进一步？都跟你说了，我对你没那个意思，兄弟！”
Landau said bluntly: "How else do you want to go further?" I've told you everything, I didn't mean that to you, brother! ”
撒尔曼轻笑，看着兰道，眼中似乎蕴藏了无限情意，又像是已经放下：“你还愿意认我这个兄弟吗？”
Salman chuckled and looked at Landau, his eyes seemed to contain infinite affection, and he seemed to have let go: "Are you still willing to recognize me as a brother?" ”
“狗屁！你觉得你关了我二十年，还可能吗？”兰道在撒尔曼面前也更真实，不像一个端着的美人，而是一个活生生的人。
"Shit! Do you think it's possible that you've locked me up for twenty years? Landau is also more real in front of Salman, not like a beautiful woman with a hand, but a living person.
“我没想关你二十年，我就是想用魔画把你抓回去，谁让你当时那么凶，我又不想和你同归于尽，只好用魔画这种伤害性最小的捕捉方式。谁想陨星那个神经病竟然把你带走，还把你藏起来，如果不是他，我早就把你放出来了。”撒尔曼一想到某人就气得不行。
"I didn't want to lock you up for twenty years, I just wanted to use magic painting to catch you back, who made you so fierce at that time, and I didn't want to die with you, so I had to use magic painting, the least harmful way to capture. Who would have thought that meteorite would take you away and hide you, if it weren't for him, I would have released you a long time ago. "Salman was furious at the thought of someone.
兰道没上这个当，又冷又讽地道：“敢情当初把我关在寝宫里的是狗？”
Landau didn't fall for this, and said coldly and sarcastically: "Dare to love that it was a dog who locked me in the dormitory in the first place?" ”
“对，就是狗。狗大帝一个，真不是东西。”撒尔曼骂自己骂得可卖力。
"Yes, dogs. The Dog Emperor is one, it's really not a thing. Salman scolded himself for scolding hard.
雷木：这两位肯定已经把我忘了。 Reimu: These two must have forgotten about me.
兰道冷笑：“如果你真想把我放出来，你完全可以和花海明说。”
Landau sneered: "If you really want to release me, you can tell Hua Haiming." ”
撒尔曼脸皮超级厚地承认：“好吧，我承认当时很生气，一点都不想把你放出来。我当时就想着你什么时候愿意做我的王后，我就什么时候把你放出来，我还打算也进入魔画陪你。我想着魔画里面就我们两个人，你没得选择，就只能选择我。”
Salman admits super cheekily, "Well, I'll admit that I was angry at the time and didn't want to let you out at all. I was thinking that when you were willing to be my queen, I would release you when I wanted, and I was going to enter the magic painting to accompany you. I thought that there were just the two of us in the magic painting, and you had no choice, so you had to choose me. ”
兰道：“脑残！” Landau: "Brain-dead! ”
撒尔曼微笑承认。 Salman acknowledged with a smile.
兰道看到他这张脸就想拿卷轴轰他。这人真的是欠揍！ Landau saw his face and wanted to hit him with a scroll. This man is really underwhelmed!
撒尔曼迅速道：“要打等一会儿，你要把我关个二十年五十年都可以，在这之前，让我们先解决几个疑问。”
Salman quickly said: "If you want to wait for a while, you can lock me up for twenty or fifty years, before that, let's solve a few questions." ”
兰道忍住。他告诉自己，想教训这家伙什么时候都行，现在他要为了雷木，也是为了弄清楚当年的真相，克制住。
Landau held back. He told himself that he could teach this guy a lesson at any time, and now he wanted to restrain himself for the sake of Lei Mu and to find out the truth of the year.
撒尔曼像是这时才想起雷木，转头看向他，又看向兰道，问：“你们做过血脉验证了吗？”
Salman seemed to have only remembered Lei Mu at this time, turned his head to look at him, then at Landau, and asked, "Have you done bloodline verification?" ”
兰道不是很想回答他这个问题，但还是点了头。
撒尔曼这才对雷木道：“如果你不介意，可以和我也做个血脉测试吗？”
Salman then said to Lei Mu: "If you don't mind, can you do a bloodline test with me?" ”
雷木用行动代表回答，他伸出了手。 Remu replied with a representative of the action, and he held out his hand.
撒尔曼拿出一张卷轴，他取了雷木一滴指尖血，滴到卷轴上，还聊天一样对兰道说：“这卷轴还是你送给我的，九级的血脉卷轴，以我为首的家族的见证。可惜……”
Salman took out a scroll, he took a drop of Lei Mu's fingertip blood, dripped it onto the scroll, and said to Landau like a chat: "This scroll is still given to me by you, the ninth-level bloodline scroll, the testimony of the family headed by me." It's a pity ......"
可惜这张卷轴上只有两个名字，最上面的就是撒尔曼，撒尔曼下面的血线连接着撒月琴这个名字。
像是撒埃德夫妻和撒奇尔等撒家的近亲远亲，没有一个人在这张卷轴上。
None of the close and distant relatives of the Sa, such as the Saeed couple and Thatcher, are on this scroll.
只这张卷轴也可以看出，这位大帝从始至终就没有认可过撒埃德父子的帝位继承权。
This scroll alone shows that the emperor never recognized the succession to the throne of Saeed's father and son.
他连曾经那位王后的名字都没有放在这张卷轴上。 He didn't even put the name of the former queen on this scroll.
卷轴是兰道送的，但见到撒尔曼使用还是第一次，他见卷轴上只有两个名字，忍不住问道：“你和你的王后是怎么回事？”
The scroll was given by Landau, but it was the first time he had seen Salman use it, and when he saw that there were only two names on the scroll, he couldn't help but ask, "What is the matter with you and your queen?" ”
他以前从没问过类似的问题，因为他觉得越是好兄弟好朋友越不好干涉对方的夫妻感情，而且撒尔曼的妻子嫁给撒尔曼后，没活四五年就去世了。
He had never asked a similar question before, because he felt that the better brothers and good friends were, the less likely they were to interfere with each other's marital feelings, and Salman's wife died after marrying Salman within four or five years.
撒尔曼不主动提自己早逝的妻子，作为朋友又哪会去特意戳友人的心肺？
Salman didn't take the initiative to mention his wife who died young, so how could he deliberately poke his friend's heart and lungs as a friend?
撒尔曼大约觉得这不是什么不能说的，就回答道：“我欠她父亲一份人情，她说她只能活到二十岁，希望能在成年后嫁给我，哪怕只是做我几年的妻子，她也会觉得没有白来世间一遭。她父亲求到我这里，我那时还没有发现对你的感情，正好我也需要一个王后，想着娶谁都一样，正好还能还掉那份人情，就娶了她。”
Salman probably felt that there was nothing to say, and replied: "I owe her father a favor, and she said that she would only live to be twenty years old, and that she hoped to marry me when she became an adult, even if only to be my wife for a few years, and she would feel that she had not come to this world in vain." Her father begged me to come to me, and I didn't find out my feelings for you at that time, and it just so happened that I needed a queen, and I thought that I could marry whoever I wanted, and I could just repay that favor, so I married her. ”
撒尔曼看到卷轴上他女儿撒月琴的名字下面出现了雷木（撒坦）这个名字，沉默片刻。
Salman was silent for a moment when he saw the name of his daughter Satsukien appear beneath the name of his daughter Satsukian on the scroll.
“我原本没指望她会给我生一个继承人，也不需要，但她死活要生，说孩子是我和她生命的延续，她想要。我不同意，她就终日垂泪。人和人相处久了，总会有些感情，她是我的妻子，我自然不想看她伤心，最后她就有了月琴。”
"I didn't expect her to give me an heir, and I didn't need it, but she wanted to live and die, saying that the child was a continuation of my life and her, and she wanted it. I didn't agree, and she cried all day long. People get along with people for a long time, there will always be some feelings, she is my wife, I naturally don't want to see her sad, and finally she has Yueqin. ”
“可生完孩子，她的身体就垮了。我想了很多方法，想让她多活几年，为此我还接触了长生会。可她不止身体出了问题，她的精神核竟然也有问题，没等我给她培养出一具新身体，她的精神核就溃散了。”
But after giving birth, her body collapsed. I thought of a lot of ways to let her live a few more years, and for this I also came into contact with the Immortal Society. But not only did she have a physical problem, but her spiritual core also had a problem, and before I could cultivate a new body for her, her spiritual core collapsed. ”
撒尔曼顿了一下，慢慢说道：“她在临死前告诉我，月琴可能也会有同样的问题，让我千万记住，不要让月琴生孩子。我当时感觉到不对，我质问她，她到底为什么嫁给我。她只不断流泪，不断说她爱我，说她不想伤害我，说她想要活下去又无法活下去，她含含糊糊说了很多奇怪的话。”
Salman paused for a moment and said slowly: "She told me before she died that Yueqin might have the same problem, so let me remember not to let Yueqin have children." I felt something was wrong, and I asked her why she had married me. She just kept crying, kept saying that she loved me, that she didn't want to hurt me, that she wanted to live but couldn't, and she slurred a lot of strange things. ”
“她虽然没有明说，但我猜她会嫁给我、为我生孩子，很可能一开始不是她想嫁，而是出自她父亲的要求。只不过她和我见面后，改变了主意，变得想要嫁给我。而她生育月琴，也不是真的想要一个我和她的血脉延续，同样很可能也是出自她父亲的要求。”
"She didn't say it explicitly, but I guess she would marry me and have a child for me, probably not because she wanted to marry in the first place, but because her father asked for it. It's just that after she met me, she changed her mind and wanted to marry me. And she gave birth to Yueqin, not really wanting a continuation of my and her bloodline, and it is also likely to be at the request of her father. ”
兰道皱起眉头。 Landau frowned.
王叶在精灵空间里发出了轻咦声。 Wang Ye let out a soft sound in the elven space.
撒尔曼收起卷轴，轻轻拍了拍雷木的肩膀。这可是他的血脉，真正的他的血脉！
Salman put away the scroll and patted Raywood on the shoulder. It's his blood, his blood!
他对这孩子的感情极为复杂，但无可讳言的是当他得知这个孩子竟然同时拥有他的血脉和兰道的血脉，他竟然生出了一种人生已圆满的荒谬幸福感。
His feelings for this child are extremely complicated, but it is undeniable that when he learns that this child has both his blood and Landau's blood, he has a ridiculous sense of happiness that his life has been completed.
就连兰道也许会变成自己女婿这点，都好像不是那么无法接受了。
Even the fact that Landau might become his son-in-law doesn't seem so unacceptable.
比起气愤那两人有了首尾，他更有种“我没有拿下兰道，但我女儿争气”的奇怪骄傲想法。
Rather than angry that the two of them had a beginning and an end, he had a strange pride of "I didn't take Landau, but my daughter was angry".
只是可怜了这孩子，明明有着最显赫的身份，可以获得最好的资源，更可以比这世上任何王子公主都过得更要好得多、也尊贵得多，结果在五岁以前几乎每天都生活在地狱中，五岁以后到十八岁，也只能说勉强温饱，可精神包括身体一直都在受到虐待。
It's just that I pity this child, who obviously has the most prominent status, can get the best resources, and can live a much better and more noble life than any prince and princess in this world, but as a result, he lives in hell almost every day before the age of five, and after the age of five to the age of eighteen, he can only be said to be barely fed, but his spirit and body have been abused.
之前他只当这孩子是侄孙，他看不上撒埃德一家，自然也懒得多管这个侄孙的闲事，明知他过得不易，也视而不见。
Before, he only thought that this child was a nephew, and he didn't look down on the Saeed family, so naturally he didn't bother to care about this nephew's affairs, knowing that he was not having a good time, and he turned a blind eye.
可现在，当他知道这个孩子是他的骨肉、是他的血脉，而且还是这世间他最爱的两个人共同的孩子，那感觉就完全不一样了，他恨不得把这世间最好的一切都捧给他！
But now, when he knows that this child is his flesh and blood, his blood, and the child of the two people he loves the most in this world, the feeling is completely different, and he can't wait to give him the best in this world!
幸好！幸好他一时心软，幸好他多管了点闲事，幸好他没有完全地视而不见……
Fortunately! Fortunately, he relented for a while, fortunately he was a little more nosy, fortunately he did not completely turn a blind eye......
可为什么月琴要把这孩子交给撒埃德夫妻抚养？ But why did Yueqin hand over this child to Saeed and his wife to raise?
为什么他女儿竟然不相信他这个父亲？ Why didn't his daughter believe him as a father?
而撒埃德一家就是这样抚养他女儿的孩子？ And that's how the Saeed family raised his daughter's child?
撒埃德一家会不知道撒坦是月琴“逝世”后他的唯一直系血脉吗？那显然不可能。
Will the Saeed family not know that Satan is the only direct bloodline of Yueqin after his "death"? That's obviously impossible.
没有月琴亲自和他们交易，那自私贪婪的一家子绝不可能让一个来历不明的孩子成为他们的长子，哪怕只是担一个名头。
Without Yueqin personally trading with them, it would be impossible for the selfish and greedy family to let a child of unknown origin become their eldest son, even if it was just to bear a name.
所以他们必然知道这是月琴的孩子，也必然知道这是他的亲孙子。
So they must know that this is Yueqin's child, and they must also know that this is his own grandson.
他们知道，可他们还是虐待了这个孩子，甚至是故意在虐待这个孩子。
They knew, but they still abused the child, even intentionally.
他甚至能想象得到那一家子在欺负这个孩子时，脑中都在想着什么——
He could even imagine what was going through the family's mind when they were bullying this kid—
看，这可是有着最正统继承权的帝位继承人。可现在呢，他在我们手底下活得连最卑贱的奴隶都不如，他的一切都将奉献给我们，不但有他应该获得的帝位，还包括他的健康、资质、生命力和尊严，一切一切都是我们的！
Look, this is the heir to the throne with the most orthodox right of succession. But now, he lives under us as inferior to even the lowliest slave, and everything he has will be dedicated to us, not only the throne he deserves, but also his health, his qualifications, his vitality, and his dignity, all of which are ours!
撒尔曼心底有座火山，现在他把所有情绪都压在了火山之下。
Salman has a volcano in his heart, and now he has all his emotions under it.
他需要冷静的情绪，才能把当年的真相一点点挖掘出来。
He needs to be calm in order to dig out the truth of the year little by little.
至于报复，不急。 As for retaliation, there is no hurry.
等他查明一切后，他会让那一家子和所有相关者体会到什么叫帝王的仇恨与报复心。
When he finds out everything, he will make the family and all the people involved feel what it means to be an emperor's hatred and revenge.
第231章 背后的秘密 Chapter 231: The Secret Behind It
没有人能看出撒尔曼的真正情绪，他表面还在平静地述说：
No one could discern Salman's true emotions, and he calmly recounted on the surface:
“明希快咽气的时候，终于想起她的女儿，恳求我好好照顾月琴，叮嘱我不要让月琴跟她外公多接触。我跟她说，月琴是我的女儿，我自然会对她好，也不会放任她接触居心不良的人。她才放心地咽下最后一口气。”
When Mingxi was about to take her last breath, she finally remembered her daughter and begged me to take good care of Yueqin, telling me not to let Yueqin have more contact with her grandfather. I told her that Yueqin was my daughter, and I would naturally be kind to her, and I would not let her come into contact with people with bad intentions. She swallowed her last breath in reassurance. ”
兰道语气沉重：“所以月琴不能生育？” Landau's tone was heavy: "So Yueqin can't have children?" ”
撒尔曼摇头：“她不是不能生育，而是她一旦生育，身体养分就会被胎儿疯狂吸收，直到油尽灯枯。”
Salman shook his head: "It's not that she can't have children, but once she gives birth, the nutrients in her body will be frantically absorbed by the fetus until the oil runs out." ”
雷木变色。 Thunderwood changes color.
撒尔曼和兰道同时摸向他的肩膀，一左一右轻轻拍了拍。
Salman and Landau touched his shoulder at the same time, patting him left and right.
撒尔曼淡淡道：“跟你无关。你什么都不知道。父母要生孩子，孩子又没办法说不。”
Salman said lightly: "It has nothing to do with you. You don't know anything. Parents want to have children, and children can't say no. ”
兰道也道：“就是这样。而且这事应该还有疑问。” Landau also said: "That's it. And there should be questions about it. ”
兰道盯向撒尔曼：“你没有把月琴不能生育的事告诉月琴？”
Landau stared at Salman: "You didn't tell Yueqin about Yueqin's inability to have children?" ”
撒尔曼回答：“我跟她说了，在她懂事以后我就跟她说了。我还记得那个小丫头当时的神情，她并不担心自己不能生育，而是很担心帝国的继承问题，她问我，是不是要再给她生个弟弟。”
Salman replied, "I told her, and I told her when she became sensible." I still remember the look on the look of the little girl at that time, she was not worried that she could not have children, but she was very worried about the inheritance of the empire, and she asked me if I wanted to give her another brother. ”
撒尔曼脸上出现回忆的神情，淡笑道：“我告诉她，我的人生目标不是生孩子，我有她这一个女儿就够了。只要她本人愿意，只要她有那个能力，将来银月帝国的第二代大帝就是女帝。之后她就一直很努力，比一般男孩子都努力得多。”
Salman had a look of remembrance on his face, and said with a light smile: "I told her that my goal in life is not to have children, and it is enough for me to have her daughter." As long as she herself is willing, as long as she has that ability, the second generation of the Silver Moon Empire will be the empress in the future. Since then, she has been working harder, much harder than the average boy. ”
兰道脸上出现疑惑神情：“我知道你对你女儿还算尽心，否则你不会让我去教导她。但是为什么她会说出你爱过她母亲，却又实质性地抛弃她，让她郁郁寡欢而死这样的话？”
A puzzled look appeared on Landau's face: "I know you are quite dedicated to your daughter, otherwise you wouldn't have let me teach her." But why would she say that you loved her mother, but you essentially abandoned her and left her depressed to die? ”
不等撒尔曼回答，兰道又道：“我可以肯定月琴不是在撒谎，也不是在故意抹黑你，她是真的这么认为。”
Without waiting for Salman to answer, Landau added: "I'm sure Yueqin is not lying, nor is she deliberately smearing you, she really thinks so." ”
撒尔曼脸上的淡笑一点点消失，他的眼神看着就凌厉起来：“月琴母亲去世的时候，月琴才多大？她那时才两岁，她知道什么？她所知道的所谓事实，只会是别人灌输给她的。”
The faint smile on Salman's face disappeared little by little, and his eyes became fierce when he looked at it: "When Yueqin's mother died, how old was Yueqin?" She was only two years old at the time, what did she know? The so-called facts she knew would only be instilled in her by others. ”
“我一直阻止月琴的外公一家接近她，但那老不死的一直不死心，每次来，都要找借口去找月琴。不管怎么说，他名义上都是月琴的外公，我就算再下令，也没办法完全阻止他接近月琴，除非我把月琴看死。但那样只会让月琴误会，我可不想让我的女儿以为她父亲在忌惮她。”
"I've always prevented Yueqin's grandfather's family from approaching her, but the old immortal has never given up, and every time he comes, he has to find an excuse to find Yueqin. In any case, he is nominally Yueqin's grandfather, and even if I give another order, I can't completely stop him from approaching Yueqin, unless I see Yueqin to death. But that would only mislead Yueqin, and I didn't want my daughter to think that her father was jealous of her. ”
兰道来回走了两步：“所以你认为是月琴的外公在故意抹黑你？”
Landau took two steps back and forth: "So you think Yueqin's grandfather is deliberately smearing you?" ”
撒尔曼：“除此之外，我想不到别人。” Salman: "I can't think of anyone else. ”
撒尔曼可能也豁出去了，他就很堂而皇之地说：“你知道我是个控制欲旺盛的人，月琴是我唯一的女儿，我对她比对谁都重视，她身边的人，我全都筛选过一遍又一遍，她平日和别人说了什么、做了什么，只要我想，我就可以全部知道。在这种情况下，还能瞒过我的耳目和月琴接触，说些不利于我的话，还能让月琴相信的人，除了她外公，几乎没有别人的可能。”
Salman may have also let go, he said very grandly: "You know that I am a controlling person, Yueqin is my only daughter, I attach more importance to her than anyone else, I have screened all the people around her over and over again, what she says and does with others on weekdays, as long as I want to, I can know everything." In this case, the person who can still hide my ears and eyes from contact with Yueqin, say something unfavorable to me, and make Yueqin believe is almost impossible for anyone else except her grandfather. ”
兰道无比嫌弃地道：“就是你这份控制欲，才会让你女儿恐惧你，她从你身上感觉不到来自父亲的关爱，只有无尽压力。而且你的这份‘无微不至’，也会让月琴误会你在忌惮她，否则何必把她看守得这么严？”
Landau said with great disgust: "It is your desire to control that will make your daughter fear you, she can't feel the love from her father from you, only endless pressure." And your 'meticulousness' will also make Yueqin misunderstand that you are jealous of her, otherwise why would you guard her so strictly? ”
撒尔曼皱眉反驳：“我没有看守她，我是在保护她。” Salman frowned and retorted: "I didn't guard her, I was protecting her." ”
“是啊，就跟你想和我求爱，结果却只想把我关起来一样。”兰道的嫌弃都已经变成实质。
"yes, it's like you want to woo me, and you just want to lock me up." Landau's dislike has become substance.
王叶嘎嘎笑个不停。他兰道师父看来是真的只把撒尔曼当铁哥们，对其没有半丝暧昧之心，否则绝说不出这样的语气和用词。不过也正是因为如此，这两人才不至于一见面就互泼狗血。
Wang Ye gaga couldn't stop laughing. It seems that Master Landau really only treats Salman as an iron buddy, and he has no ambiguity for him, otherwise he would never be able to say such a tone and words. But it is precisely because of this that these two people will not splash each other's blood as soon as they meet.
不过想想这两人的身份，一见面就开打也不太可能。他们的身份和地位，包括他们的学识和素养，都让他们把解决问题放在最前面，私人恩怨反而不那么重要，至少在当年的真相和孩子面前，就退了一射之地。
But thinking about the identities of these two people, it is unlikely that they will start fighting as soon as they meet. Their identity and status, including their knowledge and literacy, make them put solving problems first, and personal grievances are not so important, at least in front of the truth and children of the year, they retreat.
此刻，撒尔曼大帝浑身都挂满了阴影。他已经意识到他的做法有问题，但事情已经发生，现在说什么都迟了。
At this moment, Sahrman the Great was covered with shadows. He had realized that there was something wrong with his approach, but it had already happened, and it was too late to say anything.
兰道接着往大帝的心脏上扎刺：“你对月琴的全盘掌控，也更容易让她外公说你坏话。甚至让月琴产生‘父亲要害我，只有外公才能救我’的危险认识。”
Landau then stabbed the emperor in the heart: "Your total control over Yueqin makes it easier for her grandfather to speak ill of you. even made Yueqin have a dangerous understanding that 'my father wants to harm me, and only my grandfather can save me'. ”
“何止危险，根本就是错误！我早就跟她说过，让她小心她外公，也不要相信对方。”撒尔曼不满道。
"It's not just dangerous, it's just a mistake! I told her a long time ago to tell her to be careful of her grandfather and not to trust each other. Salman dissatisfied.
兰道无语：“你这样跟一个小姑娘说她外公是个坏蛋，偏偏她外公在她眼里还特别好、特别温柔、特别照顾她，你觉得她是相信你，还是相信她外公？”
Landau was speechless: "You tell a little girl that her grandfather is a villain, but her grandfather is very good, gentle, and takes care of her in her eyes, do you think she believes in you or her grandfather?" ”
撒尔曼：“……小孩子就是麻烦。” Salman: "...... Small children are trouble. ”
“你更是麻烦的根源！”兰道按揉眉心，他很庆幸自己来见这个混蛋了，否则有些真相真的会埋在过往中。
"You're the source of trouble!" Landau rubbed his eyebrows, he was glad he had come to see this bastard, otherwise some of the truth would really be buried in the past.
像这种朋友的家事，一般做朋友的都不会深问，而以撒尔曼那样骄傲的性格，更不会随便提起自己的家中事情。
Friends like this don't ask deeply about family affairs, and Isaalman's proud personality will not casually mention his own family affairs.
但有些祸端，往往就藏在这些家长里短和亲戚关系中。 But some misfortunes are often hidden in the relationship between these parents and relatives.
兰道有点暴躁，“现在我们首先可以确定，雷木确实是月琴的孩子，但我也可以用我的人格和未来的发展保证，我绝没有和月琴发生过于亲密的关系。就算我在昏迷中，我也可以……守住自己的身体。”
Landau was a little irritable, "Now we can first be sure that Remu is indeed Yueqin's child, but I can also use my personality and future development to guarantee that I will never have a too close relationship with Yueqin." Even if I'm in a coma, I can ...... Hold on to your body. ”
兰道看看雷木，觉得这事说出来对雷木也是提醒，就忍着那么一点大人的不好意思说了：“我是精灵和人类的混血，受精灵族影响更多，精灵族成年后只会在特定时期有那什么的欲望。其他时候，只要没有特别强烈的想法，就无法和任何人发生那方面的关系。”
Lan Dao looked at Lei Mu and felt that saying this was also a reminder to Lei Mu, so he endured a little bit of embarrassment and said: "I am a hybrid of elves and humans, and I am more influenced by the elves, and the elves will only have the desire for something at a certain time when they become adults." Other times, as long as you don't have particularly strong thoughts, you can't have that kind of relationship with anyone. ”
撒尔曼这一刻的表情真是精彩极了，他喃喃自语：“还得等专门的时期？怪不得我怎么引诱你，你都不理我，原来我找错时间了。”
Salman's expression at this moment was really wonderful, and he muttered to himself: "Do you have to wait for a special period?" No wonder I tried to seduce you, you ignored me, it turns out that I found the wrong time. ”
兰道抓起一把椅子就砸了过去，咆哮：“你和我就不可能。跟这个没关！”
Landau grabbed a chair and smashed it over, roaring, "You and I can't do it." It's nothing to do with this! ”
撒尔曼大帝叹息一声，坐在了那张椅子上：“你说什么就是什么吧，反正我女儿把你搞到手了……开玩笑的！”
Salman the Great sighed and sat down in the chair: "Whatever you say, my daughter got you anyway...... Just kidding! ”
兰道那表情跟要杀人差不多了。月琴在他眼中就是他的学生，他不喜欢这样的玩笑，半点都不能接受。
Landau's expression was almost like he was about to kill. Yueqin is his student in his eyes, he doesn't like such jokes, and he can't accept them at all.
“你想现在就开打吗？”兰道声音阴森。 "Do you want to start fighting now?" Landau's voice was eerie.
连空间里的王叶都忍不住打了个冷颤，他能感觉到，兰道教授是真的生气了。
Even Wang Ye in the space couldn't help but shudder, he could feel that Professor Landau was really angry.
撒尔曼举双手投降，“我的错，你知道我和你胡说八道习惯了，咳，说正事！”
Salman raised his hands in surrender, "My bad, you know I'm used to talking nonsense with you, cough, get down to business!" ”
“我也许不像我想象的那么了解我的女儿，但我既然跟她数次提起过她生育的危害性，月琴也真的不像是一个能为所谓的爱情就奉献一切的傻女孩，她的目标可是女帝。她如果想要后代，只会是在她的生命末年，她想要一个继承人的情况下，才会生育。否则她就是再爱一个人，也不可能在还那么年轻的情况下，冒着必死危险为其生育一个孩子。”
"I may not know my daughter as well as I thought, but since I have told her several times about the dangers of her childbirth, Yueqin really doesn't look like a silly girl who can give everything for the so-called love, her target is the empress. If she wants offspring, she will only do so at the end of her life, if she wants an heir. Otherwise, even if she loves someone again, it is impossible for her to risk death to give birth to a child for her at such a young age. ”
撒尔曼对兰道说：“哪怕她爱的那个人是你。” Salman said to Landau, "Even if the person she loves is you." ”
兰道深吸气：“我知道。这也是我最疑惑的地方。我们两个人不可能都看错月琴的真实性格，所以我们基本可以排除月琴主动生育的可能。”
Landau took a deep breath: "I know. That's what I'm most confused about. It is impossible for both of us to misunderstand Yueqin's true character, so we can basically rule out the possibility of Yueqin taking the initiative to give birth. ”
兰道跟撒尔曼提到他出逃后曾昏睡一晚的事情。 Landau told Salman about the night he had slept in after he had fled.
“现在想来，月琴能把我从你的寝宫中救出去，也是很不可思议的一件事，还有那座城堡，以及月琴使用的人手，我当时以为是她自己培养的人手。现在想来，会不会是她外公那边安排的人？”
"Now that I think about it, it's incredible that Yueqin can save me from your dormitory, as well as that castle and the human hand that Yueqin used, I thought it was her own training. Now that I think about it, could it be someone arranged by her grandfather? ”
撒尔曼闭了闭眼睛：“都是我的错，我当时一心想要得到你，对月琴的关注也少了很多。导致她身边出现了很多漏洞，也给了一些居心叵测的人侵入的机会。”
Salman closed his eyes: "It's all my fault, I was bent on getting you, and I paid a lot less attention to Yueqin." As a result, there are many loopholes around her, and it also gives some ill-intentioned people the opportunity to invade. ”
兰道不想再提他和撒尔曼之间的狗屁烂事，他只想搞清楚雷木是怎么被“培育”出来的。
Landau didn't want to talk about the bullshit between him and Salman, he just wanted to find out how Thunderwood was "raised".
撒尔曼慢慢道：“这世上并不一定要发生关系才能孕育一个孩子。我和长生会接触过，他们就有办法利用两个人的血肉就创造出一个新生命。”
Salman said slowly: "You don't have to have a relationship in this world to have a child. I've been in contact with the Immortals, and they've had a way of creating a new life from the flesh and blood of two people. ”
兰道：“那么我是不是可以推测，那晚我会昏睡，完全是人为。也许他们想找谁和我发生关系，比如月琴。但月琴极有可能拒绝了，并且不让其他人和我发生关系，偏偏我本身也无法和别人发生关系。于是有人就从我身上取走了我一部分鲜血，再强行取走月琴一部分血肉，利用某种秘法培育了雷木？还有，月琴到底是怎么死的？”
Landau: "So can I speculate that I will fall asleep that night, it is completely artificial." Maybe they want someone to have a relationship with me, like Yueqin. But Yueqin most likely refused, and didn't let anyone else have a relationship with me, but I couldn't have a relationship with anyone else. So someone took some of my blood from me, and then forcibly took some of Yueqin's flesh and blood, and used some secret method to cultivate Lei Mu? Also, How did Yueqin die? ”
撒尔曼这次沉默的时间比较长。 Salman was silent for a longer time this time.
长到兰道和雷木都感到奇怪的程度。 It grows to the point that both Landau and Raimu find it strange.
撒尔曼像是下定了决心，吐出了一个对他来说最大的秘密：“月琴没有死。”
Salman seemed to have made up his mind and spit out the biggest secret for him: "Yueqin is not dead. ”
“什么？！”兰道真的震惊了。 "What?!" Landau was really shocked.
雷木也睁大了眼睛。 Reimu's eyes widened as well.
撒尔曼两手交错，“我也不知道月琴到底有没有孕育过孩子，那段时间我一直在找你，经常往陨星学校跑，加上国内国外一堆事，我忙得焦头烂额，根本顾不上月琴。而那段时间月琴也主动躲着我，几乎不和我见面。”
Salman staggered his hands, "I don't know if Yueqin has ever conceived a child, I have been looking for you during that time, often running to the Meteorite School, plus a bunch of things at home and abroad, I am so busy that I can't take care of Yueqin at all." And during that time, Yueqin also took the initiative to avoid me and almost didn't meet me. ”
兰道苦笑。他知道自己没有错，但还是会生出“都是他们这些长辈瞎折腾，结果害了孩子们”的想法。
Landau smiled wryly. He knew that he was not wrong, but he still had the idea that "it was all their elders who tossed around blindly, and as a result, they harmed the children".
撒尔曼看不得兰道自责，他非常明确地说道：“这些都是我的罪过。等我发现月琴身体不好，她已经陷入昏迷状态。我检查过后，发现她的精神核出现溃散迹象，我用尽各种方法，才把她的精神核勉强维护住，没有彻底崩溃。但月琴也就此陷入长眠。之后我为了保护月琴，就对外宣称月琴病逝。”
Salman could not see Landau blaming himself, and he said very clearly: "These are my sins. By the time I found out that Yueqin was not in good health, she had fallen into a coma. After I examined it, I found that her spiritual core showed signs of collapse, and I tried all kinds of methods to barely maintain her spiritual core and did not completely collapse. But Yueqin also fell into a long sleep. After that, in order to protect Yueqin, I announced to the public that Yueqin had died of illness. ”
“你和长生会合作了？”兰道犀利地指出。 "You're working with the Immortals?" Landau pointed sharply.
撒尔曼没有否认：“当初我就找过长生会救治月琴的母亲，我认为他们对此比较有经验，这次月琴出事，我就还是找了他们。也是因为他们是最有可能救回月琴的人选。”
Salman did not deny it: "At the beginning, I asked the Immortal Society to treat Yueqin's mother, and I think they are more experienced in this, and this time Yueqin had an accident, I still looked for them." It is also because they are the most likely candidates to save Yueqin. ”
兰道不想说你这就是引狼入室云云，马后炮是最没意思的。
Landau doesn't want to say that you are luring the wolf into the room, and the afterthought is the most boring.
“可月琴至今没有醒来，不过她的身体被维护得很好，精神核也没有进一步崩溃的迹象。”撒尔曼带着一点点欣慰道。
"But Yueqin hasn't woken up yet, but her body is well maintained, and there is no sign of further collapse of the spiritual core." Salman said with a little relief.
雷木忽然明白了为什么撒埃德父子那么糟糕，这位大帝也不着急、更无所谓的原因。因为他女儿还活着，这位大帝压根就没有想过要把银月帝国交给他女儿以外的人。
Remu suddenly understood why the Saeed father and son were so bad, and the emperor was not in a hurry, let alone indifferent. Because his daughter was still alive, the Great Emperor had never thought of handing over the Silver Moon Empire to anyone other than his daughter.
兰道也坐了下来，他身体不累，但心累。 Landau also sat down, not physically tired, but mentally tired.
相信撒尔曼也同样。 I believe that the same is true of Salman.
两人现在看着情绪都还好，实际怎样，只有他们自己心里清楚。
The two of them look at their emotions well now, but only they know in their own hearts what the actual situation is.
他们两个是什么人？说是双月星最顶尖的那层也不为过，结果貌似一起被人算计了？这算什么？
Who are the two of them? It's not an exaggeration to say that it's the top layer of the Twin Moon Stars, but it seems to have been calculated together? What is this?
这让他们觉得他们当年闹出的那一场，简直就是笑话。 This made them feel that the scene they had made back then was simply a joke.
不过兰道只觉得可笑和可悲。 But Landau only found it ridiculous and pathetic.
撒尔曼的想法就完全不一样了，他厌恶一切利用他感情的人，他当时对兰道的感情异常真挚，他是真的想要和兰道在一起，结果却有人利用他这份真挚，在他的国家和亲人中搞鬼，甚至还对兰道和他的女儿有所图谋。
Salman's thoughts are completely different, he hates all those who take advantage of his feelings, his feelings for Landau at that time were extremely sincere, he really wanted to be with Landau, but someone took advantage of his sincerity, played tricks on his country and relatives, and even plotted against Landau and his daughter.
撒尔曼的心逐渐被浓浓的黑暗笼罩。他不会放过当年搞鬼的人，任何人！
Salman's heart was gradually enveloped in a thick darkness. He won't let go of the ghost guy back then, anyone!
“现在产生了一个新的问题，不管雷木是通过秘法培育出来，还是由月琴亲自生育，如果月琴本身不想生育孩子的话，那雷木又为什么会诞生？如果说月琴的外公强迫了月琴，那这个人又为什么非要弄个我和月琴的孩子出来？”兰道问到了最关键的问题。
"Now a new question arises, whether Lei Mu was cultivated through a secret method or given birth by Yueqin herself, if Yueqin herself does not want to have children, then why was Lei Mu born? If Yueqin's grandfather forced Yueqin, then why did this person have to get a child of me and Yueqin out? Landau asked the most crucial question.
撒尔曼也在思索这个问题。 Salman was also pondering this question.
会议室一时陷入了沉寂。 The conference room fell silent for a moment.
包括精灵空间中的王叶，他也在结合上辈子的记忆，推理雷木身世背后隐藏的秘密。
Including Wang Ye in the elf space, he is also combining the memories of his previous life to deduce the secrets hidden behind Lei Mu's life experience.
生孩子后身体垮掉，精神核崩溃…… After giving birth, the body collapses, and the mental core collapses......
精神核崩溃？！王叶腾地跳了起来。 Psychic nuclear collapse?! Wang Ye jumped up.
其实经过两位当事人的面谈，很多事情都已经浮现清晰脉络。
In fact, after the interview between the two parties, many things have emerged clearly.
至少他们都可以确定一点，那就是雷木的出生和爱情无关。
At least they can be sure of one thing, that is, Remu's birth has nothing to do with love.
“会不会和你的帝位有关？”兰道打破沉寂，他只能想到这点。
"Could it have something to do with your throne?" Landau broke the silence, and that's all he could think of.
撒尔曼没点头也没摇头，他在整理思绪，他感觉自己就要抓住什么。
Salman didn't nod or shake his head, he was sorting out his thoughts, he felt like he was about to grab something.
“我一直怀疑月琴的母亲明希也不是通过正常途径培育出来的孩子，她的身体崩溃得太快，她的精神核也太不稳定。月琴出生后，我检测过月琴的资质，好得让我惊讶。”
"I've always suspected that Yueqin's mother, Mingxi, is not a child raised through normal channels, her body collapses too quickly, and her mental core is too unstable. After Yueqin was born, I tested Yueqin's qualifications, and I was surprised by how good it was. ”
撒尔曼看向两人，“所以我怀疑月琴母亲被‘创造’出来的唯一作用就是为了能培育出更加优秀的后代。”
Salman looked at the two of them, "So I suspect that the only purpose of Mother Yueqin's 'creation' was to produce better offspring. ”
兰道冷哼：“难不成你岳丈这么好心，专门送个女儿给你，就是让她给你生个资质超级优异的孩子？”
Lan Dao snorted coldly: "Could it be that your father-in-law is so kind that he specially sent a daughter to you, just to let her give you a child with super qualifications?" ”
“这也是我想不通的一点。”撒尔曼抱臂。 "That's something I can't figure out." Salman crosses his arms.
有个人想通了，就是王叶。 There is someone who has figured it out, it is Wang Ye.
王叶在精灵空间中对雷木喊道：“木木，告诉他们，你曾外公九成九是长生会的人，要么就是和知识之城当年的老怪物们有关，他们的目的就是想要创造出一个超级天才，只不过他们换了方法，不再是吸收和掠夺，不再是创造一个无法控制的怪物，而是改为由母体来孕育完整的、自然的生命！”
Wang Ye shouted to Lei Mu in the elven space: "Mu Mu, tell them that your grandfather is a member of the Immortal Society, or it is related to the old monsters of the City of Knowledge, their purpose is to create a super genius, but they have changed their methods, no longer absorbing and plundering, no longer creating an uncontrollable monster, but instead of giving birth to a complete and natural life by the mother!" ”
雷木惊骇，他把王叶的猜测用自己的言语说了。 Lei Mu was shocked, and he said Wang Ye's guess in his own words.
两位大佬一起看向他。 The two bigwigs looked at him together.
“长生会，知识之城吗……”撒尔曼像是在思索什么，过了一会儿，他像是想到了某个关键点，脸上露出了若有所悟的表情。
"Immortal Society, the City of Knowledge......" Salman seemed to be thinking about something, and after a while, he seemed to think of a key point, and a look of realization appeared on his face.
“这样说来，似乎就能说得通了。为什么那老不死的死活要把他女儿塞给我，不惜用掉那个人情。原来是看中我的资质，想要他女儿和我生育一个资质更加优秀的孩子。然后再让这个孩子和一个资质更优秀的人在一起，比如精灵混血又是卷轴大宗师的兰道，再再生育一个更更优秀的孩子。”
In this way, it seems to make sense. Why did the old immortal want to stuff his daughter into me, and he didn't hesitate to use that favor. It turned out that he took a fancy to my qualifications and wanted his daughter to have a child with better qualifications with me. Then let this child be with someone with better qualifications, such as Lan Dao, who is an elven half-breed and a scroll grand master, and then give birth to a better child. ”
撒尔曼眼中露出杀气，“但他们怎么保证这一代代创造出来的天才，会愿意接受他们的控制？”
Salman had a murderous look in his eyes, "But how can they guarantee that the geniuses created by this generation will be willing to accept their control?" ”
雷木代述了王叶的话：“精神核。这样创造出来的孩子必然有一个致命的缺点，目前看来就是精神核容易崩溃。这样还能方便那些老怪物把自己的灵魂转移到那个被创造出来的绝世天才的身体中。至于会选中先生您，大约是看中有一个庞大帝国可以继承，还有极为丰厚的资源，简直一举三得。”
Lei Mu recounted Wang Ye's words: "Spiritual core. The child created in this way must have a fatal flaw, and it seems that the mental core is prone to collapse. This would also make it easier for those old monsters to transfer their souls to the body of the peerless genius who had been created. As for Mr. Huixuan, you probably fancy a huge empire to inherit, as well as extremely rich resources, which is simply a triple win. ”
王叶在精灵空间中抱着脑袋来回走动，他明白了，他终于明白了！
Wang Ye walked back and forth holding his head in the elven space, he understood, he finally understood!
为什么当年木木会变成没有自己神智的傀儡。 Why did Mu Mu become a puppet without his own sanity?
根本不需要撒缺德一家出手，木木天生精神核就有缺陷，他很可能在后期要么因为时间到了，要么就是被人为操控，导致精神核崩溃而变成无意识者。
There is no need for the Sakude family to take action, Mu Mu was born with a defective spiritual core, and he is likely to become an unconscious person either because of the time or because he was artificially manipulated in the later stage.
兰道也想通了一些事：“这么说来，月琴外公会不会迫使月琴怀孕，再遮掩她的行踪，正好你那段时间经常往外跑，顾不上自己的女儿。而月琴被威胁了，才不敢跟你说？”
Landau also figured out something: "In this way, Yueqin's guild will not force Yueqin to get pregnant, and then cover her whereabouts, it just so happens that you often run out during that time, and you can't take care of your daughter." And Yueqin was threatened, so she didn't dare to tell you? ”
撒尔曼脸色很黑。 Salman's face darkened.
雷木摇头，开口道：“我倒觉得我不是月琴女士亲自孕育，而是通过某种秘法培育诞生。月琴女士可能在培育开始后才知道这件事，她可能想方设法在我诞生后把我偷窃了出来，期间她可能被发现，被攻击，导致身体和精神核受伤，而她在知道自己无法活下去后，又找不到更值得信任的人，于是她只能把我交给撒埃德夫妻抚养。”
Lei Mu shook his head and said, "I don't think I was conceived by Lady Yueqin herself, but was born through some secret method. Ms. Yueqin may have only known about this after the cultivation began, she may have managed to steal me out after I was born, during which she may have been discovered, attacked, and physically and mentally injured, and she could not find someone more trustworthy after knowing that she could not live, so she had to hand me over to Mr. and Mrs. Saeed to raise. ”
雷木道：“我觉得这个可能性更高，因为从两位的描述来看，月琴女士并不是那么容易受到操控的人。如果她真的被她外公害得不得不孕育一个胎儿，我觉得她一定会告诉先生您。因为她只要还想做女帝，在明知道自己怀孕生孩子必然会死亡的情况下，怎么可能那么简单就认命？”
Lei Mu said: "I think this is more likely, because judging from the descriptions of the two of them, Ms. Yueqin is not such an easy person to manipulate. If she had been so harmed by her grandfather that she had to conceive a fetus, I think she would have told you, sir. Because as long as she still wants to be the empress, how can she accept her fate so simply when she knows that she will inevitably die if she is pregnant and gives birth? ”
兰道拍掌：“说得对！” Landau clapped his hands: "That's right! ”
撒尔曼也点头。的确这样的分析更符合他女儿的性格。 Salman nodded as well. Indeed, such an analysis is more in line with his daughter's character.
撒尔曼自己也道：“月琴没告诉我，一来是不相信我，二来可能她虽然怀疑她外公的所作所为，却仍旧对她外公有感情。她很可能不希望我出手对付她外公，就像她也绝不会帮着她外公来对付我一样。”
Salman himself said: "Yueqin didn't tell me, first, because she didn't believe me, and second, maybe she still had feelings for her grandfather although she suspected what her grandfather did." She probably didn't want me to deal with her grandfather, just as she would never help her grandfather against me. ”
当年雷木到底是如何出生，撒月琴又在其中做了什么、想了什么，恐怕只有等她醒来后，让她亲口说，大家才能知道。
How Lei Mu was born back then, what Sayueqin did and thought in it, I'm afraid everyone can only know when she wakes up and lets her say it herself.
王叶看着因果卷叹息。他的因果卷只能显示出和他有关联的人和物，他能看到雷木和兰道和撒尔曼之间的关系，因为这三者现在都和他见过面，和他有了直接联系。
Wang Ye looked at the cause and effect scroll and sighed. His Cause and Effect Scroll could only show people and things that were related to him, and he could see the relationship between Remu and Landau and Salman, because all three of them had now met him and had a direct connection with him.
但他还无法看到雷木的母亲和曾外祖那一边的人，否则他就能把当年的真相弄得清清楚楚。
But he couldn't see the people on Remu's mother and great-grandfather's side, otherwise he would have been able to figure out the truth of the past.
他现在只能确定那位大帝撒尔曼没有说谎，他所陈述的目前都是事实。
He could only be sure now that the Great Sahrmann was not lying, and that what he had stated was the truth.
“另外如果我不是自然诞育，我怀疑我的魔种也是那些人故意融合进来的，原本应该只是一个实验，但谁都没想到我真的成功诞生了。”雷木自言自语一样道：“魔种、人类强者大帝血脉、木系精灵混血的卷轴大宗师，这样三合一的条件可以说非常难以创造吧？”
"In addition, if I wasn't born naturally, I suspect that my demon seed was also deliberately fused by those people, and it should have been just an experiment, but no one expected that I was really born successfully." Lei Mu said to himself: "Demon Seed, Human Powerhouse Great Emperor Bloodline, Wood Elf Half-Blood Scroll Grand Master, such a three-in-one condition can be said to be very difficult to create, right?" ”
雷木甚至觉得自己的血脉中也许不止融合了这三种，很可能还有第四种，因为小叶子说过当他激发精灵族血脉，他给他的感觉更像是植物，而不是木系精灵。
Lei Mu even felt that his bloodline might not only fuse these three, but there was probably a fourth, because Xiao Yezi said that when he activated the elven bloodline, he gave him the feeling that it was more like a plant than a wood elf.
“杂种。”雷木好笑地吐出了这个词。 "Bastard." Reimu amusedly spat out the word.
两位大佬顿时不爽，几乎齐声道：“别这么说自己！” The two bigwigs were suddenly unhappy, and almost said in unison: "Don't talk about yourself like that!" ”
雷木摆摆手：“我不是在自卑，我只是惊讶自己竟然能诞生而已。”
Lei Mu waved his hand: "I'm not inferior, I'm just surprised that I was born." ”
撒尔曼大帝的神色不太好，像是疲累，又像是愤怒到极点，他招手让雷木过来。
Emperor Salman did not look very good, as if he was tired, and as if he was extremely angry, he beckoned Lei Mu to come over.
雷木站着没动。 Raimu stood still.
撒尔曼也没生气，只道：“我只是想看看你的精神核。那将是一个隐忧。”
Salman was not angry, but said, "I just want to see your spiritual core." That would be a concern. ”
兰道也道：“这个问题必须解决。如果月琴的外公等人有掌控雷木精神核的方法，那就糟糕了。”
Landau also said: "This problem must be solved. If Yueqin's grandfather and the others had a way to control Lei Mu's spiritual core, it would be bad. ”
“等等。”兰道只要想到雷木有可能被人控制从而丧命，他就无法冷静，他按压住满腔怒火，冲撒尔曼问道：“你到现在还没说，月琴的外公到底是谁？”
"Wait." As long as Landau thought that Lei Mu might be controlled and killed, he couldn't calm down, he suppressed his anger, and asked Salman, "You haven't said it yet, who is Yueqin's grandfather?" ”
撒尔曼声音极为平淡地回答：“春木上国现任国主，伯思圣。”
Salman replied in an extremely flat voice: "The current lord of the Spring Wood Kingdom, Bo Si Sheng. ”
竟然是这位！精灵空间中的王叶摸了摸下巴。他对这位春木上国的国主可不陌生，在上辈子，这位国主在游戏里可是相当有名，他被玩家们戏称为国民岳父。
It turned out to be this one! Wang Ye in the elf space touched his chin. He is no stranger to the lord of the kingdom of Haruki, who was quite famous in the game in his previous life, and he was nicknamed the national father-in-law by the players.
因为这位国主有几十个女儿，每一个都貌似天仙，美丽动人。
Because this lord has dozens of daughters, each of them looks like a fairy, beautiful and moving.
这位到底有多少个女儿，没人精确数过，大家只知道这位国主特别能生女儿，儿子反而极为稀少，似乎只有一两个，还不怎么有名。
No one has counted exactly how many daughters this has, everyone only knows that this lord is particularly capable of giving birth to daughters, but sons are extremely rare, it seems that there are only one or two, and they are not very famous.
当然这位国主的女儿并没有都嫁给国王，女婿各个阶层都有，但不可否认的是，这些女婿都是各行各业的精英。
Of course, not all of the daughters of this lord are married to the king, and there are sons-in-law from all walks of life, but it is undeniable that these sons-in-law are elites from all walks of life.
而这位国主之所以被地球玩家们熟知，就是因为他把他一个女儿嫁给了一名玩家。
And the reason why this lord is well known to the players of Earth is because he married one of his daughters to a player.
那名玩家在地球本身就是一个名人，在游戏的拍卖会上跟一个小国家的贵族怼出了仇恨，之后就一路逆袭把那个国家占领下来，整个过程特别龙傲天。
The player is a celebrity on Earth itself, and he had a grudge with the nobles of a small country at the auction of the game, and then fought all the way to occupy that country, and the whole process was particularly arrogant.
后来那位玩家迎娶春木上国的公主，婚礼办得极为隆重和盛大，还使用了很多地球的婚礼花招，搞得万众瞩目，被玩家称为游戏世界的世纪婚礼。
Later, the player married the princess of the kingdom of Haruki, and the wedding was extremely grand and grand, and he also used a lot of earth's wedding tricks, which attracted everyone's attention, and was called the century wedding of the game world by the player.
而那位拥有几十个美貌女儿的春木上国国主也就此进入玩家眼中。
And the lord of the country of Haruki, who has dozens of beautiful daughters, has also entered the eyes of players.
因为世传这位国主特别心疼女儿，对女儿特别好，给的嫁妆也特别丰厚，还赢得了地球不少女玩家的青睐，认为他是国王中难得的疼爱女儿的好爸爸。
Because it is rumored that the lord of the country is very sorry for his daughter, he is very good to his daughter, and the dowry he gives is also very rich, and he has won the favor of many female players on the earth, thinking that he is a rare good father who loves his daughter among kings.
不过这位国主后宫之丰盛也被女玩家们所诟病。 However, the richness of the harem of the lord of the country has also been criticized by female players.
就是不知道这位国主的女儿们是不是都和那位明希女士一样，都是被特别培育出来的。
I just don't know if the daughters of this lord are all specially cultivated like that lady Mingxi.
如果是，那真的有点可怕了。 If yes, it's really kind of scary.
王叶打算等会儿让木木提醒一下那位大帝，让大帝动用他的力量调查一下。
Wang Ye planned to ask Mu Mu to remind the Great Emperor later, and let the Great Emperor use his power to investigate.
如果这个国主真的有问题，他绝不会让一个可能威胁到雷木安全的存在留下。
If there really is something wrong with this country lord, he will never let an existence that may threaten the safety of Thunderwood remain.
王叶眼中闪过厉芒，他想刺杀那位国主。 Wang Ye's eyes flashed fiercely, he wanted to assassinate the country lord.
“咚咚。”会议室大门忽然被敲响。 "Knock knock." There was a knock on the door of the conference room.
门外响起了乾明副校长的男中音：“兰道教授，我有点事找您。”
Outside the door, Vice President Qianming's baritone voice sounded: "Professor Landau, I have something to look for you." ”
撒尔曼大帝挑了挑眉毛。 Salman the Great raised an eyebrow.
兰道过去开了门。 Landau went over and opened the door.
雷木想大概是他们在这个房间里待的时间有点长，让学校的大佬们有点担忧了。
Reimu thought it was probably because they had been in this room for a long time, which made the school bosses a little worried.
就是不知道乾副校长知不知道房间里另外一人就是撒尔曼大帝。
I just don't know if the vice principal knows that the other person in the room is Sahrman the Great.
乾副校长不知在外说了什么，声音很低。 Vice Principal Qian didn't know what he was saying outside, and his voice was very low.
兰道的声音则清楚传到房间里，他说：“已经谈完了，他马上就会滚蛋！”
Landau's voice was clearly heard in the room, and he said, "It's over, he's going to get out of here!" ”
“那就好。”乾副校长就站在会议室外面没走。 "That's good." Vice President Qian stood outside the conference room and did not leave.
撒尔曼大帝眼神有点寒，这个副校长八成从兰道的态度中猜出了他的身份，这是催着他赶紧走呢。
Salman the Great's eyes were a little cold, and the vice principal Bacheng guessed his identity from Landau's attitude, which was urging him to leave quickly.
“先生，天色晚了，我送您吧。”雷木跨前一步。没有哪个晚辈想要看到自己的长辈打起来。
"Sir, it's getting late, I'll send you." Raimu took a step forward. No junior wants to see their elders fight.
大帝的目光转到雷木身上，变寒的眼神又慢慢回暖，最后无奈叹息一声：“行了，你不用担心，我和兰道的某些事在二十年前我对他下手的那一刻开始就再没有可能。何况我和他还有了你，我再荒唐，也不可能想着去睡我孙子的父亲。”
The Emperor's gaze turned to Lei Mu, and his cold eyes slowly warmed up, and finally sighed helplessly: "Okay, you don't have to worry, some things about me and Landau have been impossible since the moment I attacked him twenty years ago." Besides, he and I still have you, no matter how ridiculous I am, I can't think of sleeping with my grandson's father. ”
“撒尔曼！注意你的嘴巴，我跟你说了几遍？不要跟小辈乱说话！”兰道知道这人在故意扰乱他的情绪，用当年他们之间相处的方式想要把一切都拉回到过去。
"Salman! Watch your mouth, how many times have I told you? Don't talk nonsense to juniors! Landau knew that this man was deliberately disturbing his emotions, trying to pull everything back in the way they had been with each other.
他一点都不想和这人回到过去，对方一副和老友开玩笑的口吻只会让他困扰。但这人也真的是太欠揍。
He didn't want to go back in time with this guy at all, and the other person's joking with his old friend would only bother him. But this person is really too bad.
雷木啼笑皆非，大帝的话真的太容易让人误解了。 Lei Mu laughed and laughed, the emperor's words were really too easy to misunderstand.
撒尔曼嘴角勾起，揉了揉雷木的脑袋，又用力抱了他一下，这才跟冰山中隐藏着火山的兰道说：“去打一架？”
The corners of Salman's mouth hooked, rubbed Lei Mu's head, and hugged him hard, and then said to Landau, who had a volcano hidden in the iceberg: "Go for a fight?" ”
兰道毫不犹豫地回：“走！” Landau replied without hesitation: "Go!" ”
有些事是该算算账了。 Some things are time to settle accounts.
两人就这么走了。 And so the two of them went.
雷木和乾副校长对视。 Lei Mu and Vice Principal Qian looked at each other.
“撒尔曼？那个人真的是那位大帝？”乾副校长其实并不是很确定，他只是听护卫队长说兰道教授带回来一个实力比他强大的人，而兰道教授脸色不太好，两人加上雷木，进了会议室半天没出来，他有些担心，才会过来看看。
"Salman? Is that person really the Emperor? "Vice President Qian is actually not very sure, he just heard the captain of the guard say that Professor Landau brought back a person who is stronger than him, and Professor Landau's face is not very good, the two plus Lei Mu, they entered the conference room for a long time and did not come out, he was a little worried, so he would come over to take a look.
雷木默默点头。 Remu nodded silently.
乾副校长抚了抚心口，自我安慰一样地说道：“校长以前跟我说过，说只要兰道教授身上带着足够大的空间储物工具，装了足够多的卷轴，不管是单挑还是群殴，他都会立于不败之地。”
Vice President Qian stroked his heart and said as if comforting himself: "The principal told me before that as long as Professor Landau has enough space storage tools and enough scrolls, he will be invincible whether he is alone or in a group fight. ”
雷木并不担心兰道教授，他能感觉得出来，那两人并没有绝对的杀气，也许是他们都更成熟、考虑得更多。也可能是到了他们那个程度，单纯的泄恨和打打杀杀已经毫无意义。
Reimu wasn't worried about Professor Landau, he could feel that the two of them weren't absolutely murderous, maybe they were both more mature and thoughtful. It may also be that to their extent, it is meaningless to simply vent their hatred and fight and kill.
尤其是兰道教授，他可能会在痛痛快快地打一场后，就会以绝对的冷静和理智，与那位大帝具体商讨“赔偿以及共同对付某些人”的问题。
Professor Landau, in particular, may discuss with the Emperor the issue of "compensation and joint dealing with certain people" with absolute calmness and reason after a hearty fight.
不过那位大帝的心思，大概永远都不可能实现了。 However, the emperor's mind will probably never come true.
兰道教授不但对大帝没有半点那方面的意思，如今看来也只想甩脱这一家子。
Not only did Professor Landau not have the slightest intention of the Emperor, but now it seems that he just wants to get rid of this family.
甚至他想，如果不是因为他这个意外的骨血，兰道教授在复仇后也许一辈子都不想再和撒尔曼父女见面。
He even thought that if it weren't for his accidental blood, Professor Landau might not want to see Salman and his daughter again for the rest of his life after his revenge.
第232章 绑定、斩断因果 Chapter 232: Binding, Cutting Cause and Effect
雷木回到宿舍，他没有立刻进入虫巢休息，而是走到窗户边望向外边。
When Remu returned to the dormitory, he didn't immediately enter the hive to rest, but walked to the window and looked out.
王叶从精灵空间出来，仰头看雷木，戳戳他的胳膊。 Wang Ye came out of the elven space, looked up at Lei Mu, and poked his arm.
雷木转头看他。 Remu turned to look at him.
“长辈的事，我们小一辈不需要多管。我们也不需要为他们多烦忧，他们谁都不是会纠结过去的人。他们的恩怨，他们自己会处理好。”
"The affairs of the elders, we juniors don't need to take care of it. We don't need to worry about them, none of them are people who will dwell on the past. Their grievances, they will deal with it themselves. ”
“我知道。”雷木深深吸气，露出淡淡的笑容：“我就是……”
"I know." Lei Mu took a deep breath and showed a faint smile: "I am ......"
“不知道该如何面对他们？”王叶说出雷木更深层次的困扰：“木木，你是不是觉得自己是不被期盼的孩子？你觉得自己不该出生？”
"Don't know how to deal with them?" Wang Ye said Lei Mu's deeper troubles: "Mu Mu, do you think that you are a child who is not expected?" Do you think you shouldn't have been born? ”
雷木哑然。 Lei Mu was dumbfounded.
“那我也和你一样啊。不止你我，这世上有很多小孩都不是被期待出生的，但他们还是出生了，难道就因为这样，大家都不活了吗？包括那些被期待而生出，结果发现和期待值不符合的孩子，他们不是更凄惨？可那些大人把我们生出来时，谁问过我们的意见？”
"Then I'm just like you. Not only you and me, there are many children in this world who are not expected to be born, but they are still born, is it because of this, everyone is not alive? Aren't children who are born with expectations and found to be less miserable than those who are expected to be? But when those adults gave birth to us, who asked us for our opinions? ”
王叶抓起雷木的手掌，用自己小了两号的小爪子抓住。 Wang Ye grabbed Lei Mu's palm and grabbed it with his little claws, which were two sizes smaller.
大概觉得这样不够有气魄，无法展现自己的保护力度。 I probably don't think it's bold enough to show my protection.
王叶又张开手臂，紧紧抱住雷木的腰。 Wang Ye stretched out his arms again and hugged Lei Mu's waist tightly.
唉，太矮了，臂长也太短，他想抱人安慰，结果却变成了他在撒娇一样。
Alas, he was too short and his arms were too short, and he wanted to hug and comfort people, but it turned out that he was coquettish.
雷木看到王叶仰头看他的表情从安慰变成郁闷，被逗笑了，心也豁然开朗。
Lei Mu saw Wang Ye's expression change from comfort to depression when he looked up at him, he was amused, and his heart suddenly brightened.
是啊，他在烦什么呢，不被期待的多余者又怎样？又不是他自己想要把自己生出来。
yes, what is he bothering about, what about the superfluous who is not expected? It's not that he wants to give birth to himself.
他也很难的，好吗？ He's going to have a hard time, okay?
如果以后大家相处尴尬，那就不处，彼此各过各的也挺好。
If everyone gets awkward in the future, then it won't be okay, and it's good to have their own ways with each other.
雷木笑着，弯腰就把王小叶抱了起来。 Lei Mu smiled, bent down and hugged Wang Xiaoye.
王叶坐在窗户台上，越发觉得他得快点长大，否则他要怎么给木木安全感？他可是爸爸，要保护好自己的娃儿们才行。
Wang Ye sat on the windowsill, feeling more and more that he had to grow up quickly, otherwise how could he give Mu Mu a sense of security? He's a father, and he has to protect his babies.
“除此之外，你是不是也在担心你的精神核？”王叶问。
"Besides, are you also worried about your spiritual core?" Wang Ye asked.
“有点。”雷木没有否认，这是明摆着的事。 "Sort of." Remu didn't deny it, it was obvious.
“我觉得你不用太担心，我会对你的精神核做一次详细检查，你知道我精神力强大，如果你的精神核有问题，我一定可以发现并修补。”
"I don't think you need to worry too much, I will do a detailed examination of your spiritual core, you know that I have strong mental power, if you have a problem with your spiritual core, I will definitely be able to find and repair it."
雷木摇头，冷静地道：“这也正是我担心的。如果我的精神核真的可以被人为侵入和操纵，而我们之间的联系过于紧密，我担心会影响到你。这就像两座靠得太近的房子，其中一栋是危房的话，一旦崩塌，旁边的房子必然也会受到影响。”
Lei Mu shook his head and said calmly, "That's exactly what I'm worried about. If my psychic core can really be hacked and manipulated, and we are too closely connected, I fear it will affect you. It's like two houses that are too close together, and if one of them is a dilapidated house, if it collapses, the next house will inevitably be affected. ”
王叶很不高兴地道：“木木，你对我太没有信心了。既然已经知道你是危房了，我们完全可以现在开始修补。有我在，我们一起努力，我可以在你的地基中打下新的桩子，保证把你支撑得牢固无比，谁倒你都不会倒！”
Wang Ye said unhappily: "Mumu, you have too little confidence in me. Now that we know you're in danger, we can start repairing it now. With me and we working together, I can lay new stakes in your foundation, and promise to hold you up so strong that no one will fall down! ”
养兵千日用兵一时，他养着贝贝和小光他们为的是什么？还不就是为了这种时候？
Raising soldiers for a thousand days and using soldiers for a while, what did he raise Bei Bei and Xiaoguang for? Isn't that just for this kind of time?
养魂液也好，虫蜜也好，统统都可以准备起来。给木木用，他半点不心疼！
Whether it's soul nourishing liquid or insect honey, they can all be prepared. For Mu Mu, he doesn't feel distressed at all!
再不行，不还有闻笛师父嘛，让他多炼制一点精神核修复药剂，不管有没有用，先用上。
No more, isn't there still Master Wendi, let him refine a little more spiritual core repair potion, whether it is useful or not, use it first.
还有那什么大帝，既然是自己亲孙子，他能不给点好资源？只要对精神核有好处的，统统都可以拿来，他绝不会嫌多！
And what kind of emperor, since he is his own grandson, can he not give some good resources? As long as it is good for the spiritual core, he can take it all, and he will never have too much!
“不是那么简单的，如果有人在我的精神核中埋下炸药呢？一旦爆炸，我倒霉，你也会倒霉。”雷木摸摸小叶子的耳朵。
"It's not that simple, what if someone planted explosives in my spiritual core? Once it explodes, I'm out of luck, and so will you. Lei Mu touched the little leaf's ear.
“等等，难不成你想切断和我的精神联系？”王叶瞪大眼睛，反应过来了。
"Wait, do you want to cut off your spiritual connection with me?" Wang Ye's eyes widened and he reacted.
雷木沉默不语，但他的意思已经很明显。 Remu was silent, but his meaning was already obvious.
王叶气得在窗台上蹦跶，差点撞到脑袋。 Wang Ye was so angry that he jumped on the windowsill and almost hit his head.
雷木连忙伸手去护。 Lei Mu hurriedly reached out to protect it.
王叶一巴掌打开他的手：“你傻了吗？我最讨厌就是这种自以为为了别人好，自以为自己在奉献，然后傻乎乎地把自己牺牲掉的大傻叉！”
Wang Ye slapped his hand open: "Are you stupid?" What I hate the most is this kind of stupid fork that thinks he is doing for the good of others, thinks he is dedicating, and then stupidly sacrifices himself! ”
雷木：“……” Raimi: "......"
王叶真的气坏了，瞪着雷木的样子像是要扑上去揍他一顿。
Wang Ye was really angry, glaring at Lei Mu as if he was going to pounce on him and beat him.
“叶子，你听我说，” "Leaf, listen to me,"
“听个屁！你听我说！”王叶深呼吸，迫使自己冷静下来，他跳下窗台开始讲道理：“首先，我们精神联系已经建立这么长时间，如果要出问题，早就出问题，要是有隐患，也早就埋下。”
"Listen to a fart! Listen to me! Wang Ye took a deep breath and forced himself to calm down, he jumped off the windowsill and began to reason: "First of all, our spiritual connection has been established for so long, if there is a problem, there will be a problem a long time ago, and if there is a hidden danger, it will be buried long ago. ”
雷木张嘴，想要说反驳的话。 Remu opened his mouth, wanting to say something rebuttal.
“闭嘴，听我说！”王叶插腰特凶地吼。 "Shut up and listen to me!" Wang Ye thrust his waist and roared fiercely.
雷木忍笑：“好，你说。” Lei Mu smiled: "Okay, you say." ”
王叶：“其次，你对我的实力认识有偏差！我的精神力之强大，不夸张地说，单论精神力，我不比任何九级大佬弱！你当疯老头是怎么被我从我的精神核中赶出去的？”
Wang Ye: "Secondly, you have a wrong understanding of my strength!" My spiritual power is so strong, it is no exaggeration to say that in terms of spiritual power alone, I am not weaker than any ninth-level boss! How did you get driven out of my spiritual core by me, the mad old man? ”
虫巢中的疯药王：喂喂喂，不要拿我举例子，翻脸啊。 The Mad Medicine King in the Hive: Hey, hey, don't take me as an example, turn your face.
翻脸的疯药王决定了，接下来他才不会主动帮忙，除非小兔崽子拿着养魂液来求他。
The mad medicine king who turned his face decided that he would not take the initiative to help in the future, unless the little rabbit cub came to him with soul nourishing liquid.
靳蜘蛛似乎想到什么，想开口，被疯药王踢了一脚。 Jin Spider seemed to think of something and wanted to speak, but was kicked by the Mad Medicine King.
王叶没理会疯药王的抗议，也没注意到虫巢中那两位大佬的反应，他继续对雷木道：“第三，作为超凡者，你的意志力太薄弱了。怎么别人说你精神核有问题，你马上就动摇了，还敢一副要安排后事的样子？木木，你知不知道你这个样子特别欠揍？”
Wang Ye ignored the protests of the Mad Medicine King, nor did he notice the reactions of the two bigwigs in the hive, he continued to say to Lei Mu: "Third, as an extraordinary being, your willpower is too weak. Why do others say that you have a problem with your spiritual core, and you are immediately shaken, and you dare to look like you want to arrange the future? Mu Mu, do you know that you look particularly bad? ”
雷木失笑，想揉王叶的头发，被王叶躲开。 Lei Mu laughed and wanted to rub Wang Ye's hair, but Wang Ye avoided him.
王叶一脸“爸爸现在不高兴，别以为哄我两句就能把我哄好”的愤怒样，但当他看到雷木露出微微无措的神色，他立马抓住了雷木的手。
Wang Ye looked angry, "Dad is not happy now, don't think that you can coax me well by coaxing me with two sentences", but when he saw Lei Mu showing a slightly helpless look, he immediately grabbed Lei Mu's hand.
王叶盯着雷木的眼睛，一个字一个字地说道：“我不会让你出事，哪怕以我的生命为代价。”
Wang Ye stared at Lei Mu's eyes and said word by word: "I won't let you have an accident, even at the cost of my life. ”
雷木阻止不及，感动又无奈道：“叶子，别这样说。你自己还说不要随便立那什么flag，结果你自己张口就说。”
Lei Mu couldn't stop it, and said helplessly: "Yezi, don't say that." You yourself said not to set up that flag casually, but you opened your mouth and said it. ”
王叶认真道：“不是立flag，我说了就会做到。这次我不会再让你们先我一步，如果要死，就大家一起死。”
Wang Ye said seriously: "It's not a flag, I will do it if I say it." This time I won't let you go ahead of me again, and if you want to die, you will die together. ”
现在是雷木想揍人了，小家伙张口就死啊死的。同时他也发现他还是影响了王叶，他发现上辈子的事可能……不，是十成已经给王叶留下阴影，他就不应该提这事，反而让小叶子担心。
Now it's Lei Mu who wants to beat people, and the little guy will die when he opens his mouth. At the same time, he also found that he still influenced Wang Ye, and he found that the things in his previous life may be ...... No, it was Shicheng who had already left a shadow on Wang Ye, so he shouldn't have mentioned it, but made Xiao Yezi worried.
雷木后悔。小叶子刚才跟他说要帮他检查精神核，他高高兴兴地答应不就好了，多废话那么多干什么！
王叶眼圈有点红，他说：“木木，如果你不想我死，那就请你一定要想方设法地活下去，哪怕使用再卑鄙的手段都可以，脸皮不要、尊严什么的也不要去想，只要你能活下去，我们就有翻身的可能，曾经一切受到的屈辱和仇恨都可以再讨回来，可如果死了，那就真的没有任何挽回的余地。哪怕我为你报了仇，也不一样了。你要想着，如果你放弃生命，那么会一死死两个，会超级亏哦。”
雷木大为触动，单膝跪地，抱住了王叶。
这就是小叶子。
他的想法显然和别人都有些不一样，可能是因为出身的缘故，他没有那种要做顶天立地大英雄的想法，也没有非常高的觉悟和情操，反而更像是混迹于街头的小混混，每天在最底层的生活中挣扎着，对他来说，绝对是好死不如赖活着。
可能也因为王叶对自己有信心，他知道他只要活着就有翻本的本钱。只要忍一时之苦，总有翻身的时候。
他可以为了生存去给大佬养狗，可以为了学一点生存技能去给人装孙子，可以为了讨债天天跑去骚扰人家做个讨厌鬼，他在底层的生活游刃有余。
同时他又在拼命地向上游拼搏，他可以疯狂的搏命一般的学习，也可以下狠手去争夺自己应得的利益。
底层、中层、高层，几乎每一个层次的风景和艰辛他都亲身经历过。
再加上重生，独特的经历造就了独特的王叶。
这样的王叶其实很容易变成一个极度自私、没有底线、为达目的不择手段的枭雄，但是就那么巧合的，王叶的人生中遇到了三个非常重要也对他影响至深的人。
姑姑王沐，师父闻笛，还有他雷木，他们三个就像是某种软化剂，也像是某种束缚，给王叶增添了更多的人性，也拉高了他的底线。
雷木忽然有些妒忌小叶子口中那个木木，他忍不住想，如果没有那个木木，小叶子是不是还会这么在乎他这个大哥。
雷木觉得有这种想法的自己很羞耻。他想可能是因为他今天受到的刺激太多，导致他现在心神很不稳定，才会让他满身都是漏洞，甚至露出丑恶的一面。
王叶抬手，摸摸雷木的头发。说是娃，是开玩笑，这就是他最好的兄弟。
“木木，我们是超凡者，超凡者有三大支柱，优越的修炼天赋、健康的身体、以及强大的精神力。我们拼命修炼为的是什么，还不就是为了不断突破自己去掌握更强大的力量？我们一级的时候能和现在的我们相比吗？但如果我们不拼命修炼，又怎么知道我们可以达到什么样的高度？”
“所以哪怕你的精神核有问题，我们也一定可以修复它，甚至让它变得更强。哥，只要你能坚定自己的意志，我就可以保证你绝不会被别人影响。”
“木木，你相信我吗？” "Mumu, do you believe me?"
雷木发出闷闷地低嗯。
“那好，从现在开始，你把自己的信任都交给我，甚至交出你的生命、你的精神核，你敢吗？”
雷木微微一笑，注视着男孩的眼睛，对他道：“有何不敢？”
如果他必定要死，他宁可死在小叶子的手上。
如果他必定会被别人操控，他宁可也甘愿成为小叶子的傀儡。
“好兄弟！我们就是一辈子的好哥们！相信爸爸！”王叶用力拍打小胸膛，眨眼就把雷木拉入虫巢空间。
他也不理会疯药王和金宝他们，带着雷木就进入小楼专门用来修炼的修炼室，把门一关，把所有关心他们的人都拒在门外。
王叶曾经给雷木布置了一个和自己一模一样的精神核保护魔法阵，并在这个魔法阵建好后，意外地发现他和雷木建立起了精神联系。
后来王叶一直很忙，就没怎么花时间研究这个魔法阵，主要也是这个魔法阵的等级太高，很多地方他都没搞懂。
原本想着见到闻笛师父后再跟他请教，他想这个精神核守护魔法阵一定还可以再提升防护等级，但现在有点来不及了。
Originally, he thought that he would ask Master Wendi for advice after meeting him, and he thought that this Spirit Core Guardian Magic Array would definitely be able to raise the protection level again, but now it was a little too late.
从学习、到弄懂、再到运用自如，总需要一些时间，而他和雷木现在最缺乏的就是时间。
It always takes some time to learn, to understand, and then to use it freely, and what he and Reimu lack most now is time.
还有十二年雷木才会出事？ It will take twelve years for Lei Mu to have an accident?
谁说一定就还有这么长时间？ Who's to say it must be that long?
也许控制和影响早就存在，只是他们不知道呢？ Maybe the control and influence have been there for a long time, but they don't know it?
而且他重生以后改变了这么多事，谁又能保证上辈子的时间线还能和现在一样？
And he has changed so many things since he was reborn, who can guarantee that the timeline of his previous life will still be the same as now?
所以他必须赶紧堵上所有漏洞，绝不给阴谋者哪怕一丁点的机会！
So he must hurry up and plug all the loopholes and never give the conspirators even the slightest chance!
幸好随着他的玩家等级提升，他能运用的因果技能也随之增加，其中有一个技能……其实也不算是技能，而是到达玩家六十级后，王叶就可以增加一名深度因果关系者。
Thankfully, as his player level increases, so does the number of causal skills he can wield, including one skill...... In fact, it's not a skill, but after reaching the player's level 60, Wang Ye can add a deep causality person.
这种关系者一般都是给伴侣，或者是给生死相依的契约战兽一类，生死与共的好兄弟好伙伴自然也可以。
This kind of relationship is generally for partners, or for contract war beasts that depend on life and death, and good brothers and good partners who share life and death can naturally do it.
王叶一直在犹豫要不要绑定雷木，可他总觉得他不应该不通过雷木同意就把雷木绑死。
Wang Ye had been hesitating to bind Lei Mu, but he always felt that he shouldn't tie Lei Mu to death without Lei Mu's consent.
因为一旦他和雷木建立了这种深度因果关系，以后不但雷木的因果会大部分转移到他身上，他的因果也会有部分转移到雷木身上。
Because once he and Lei Mu establish this deep causal relationship, in the future, not only will most of Lei Mu's cause and effect be transferred to him, but his cause and effect will also be partially transferred to Lei Mu.
而他这个人老是会莫名其妙招惹很多仇家，他怕自己会连累雷木。
And he is always inexplicably provoking a lot of enemies, and he is afraid that he will implicate Lei Mu.
但现在比起担心他是否会连累雷木，他更担心雷木在他看不到的地方被人阴了。
But now he was more worried about being yin in a place he couldn't see than he was worried about whether he would implicate Thunderwood.
“深度因果关系者？”雷木重复。 "Deep causality?" Reimu repeated.
王叶点头：“这是我能力的一部分，一旦我把你绑定，就相当于我们两人建立了比之前更紧密的联系，不说生死与共吧，绝对会互相影响。别人看我们，呃，或者说老天爷看我们，会当做一伙的看，算账当然也是按照一伙的算。换言之，我做什么，也会算到你头上。”
Wang Ye nodded: "This is part of my ability, once I bind you, it is equivalent to the two of us establishing a closer connection than before, not to mention life and death, it will definitely affect each other." When others look at us, uh, or God looks at us, they will look at us as a gang, and of course the accounts are calculated according to the gang. In other words, whatever I do, it will be counted on you. ”
雷木笑起来：“这很好啊，如果你不反对，我一点意见没有。”
Lei Mu laughed: "This is very good, if you don't object, I don't have any opinion at all." ”
相反，他很高兴和小叶子绑死，这让他有种他被人需要、被人重视、他是独一无二的感觉。
On the contrary, he is happy to be tied to Xiaoyezi, which gives him a feeling that he is needed, valued, and unique.
多好啊。在小叶子眼里，他不是多余的那一个，反而是最重要的那一个，重要到小叶子不但和他建立起精神联系、和他空间互通，如今在因果关系上还要和他彻底绑死。
How wonderful. In Xiao Yezi's eyes, he is not the superfluous one, but the most important one, so important that Xiao Yezi not only establishes a spiritual connection with him and communicates with him in space, but now he has to be completely tied to him in terms of cause and effect.
这个认知，让雷木生出了无限喜悦和无限勇气，以及对未来的期待。他希望能守护在小叶子身边，一直到他们生命的最后一刻。
This realization gave Lei Mu infinite joy and courage, as well as anticipation for the future. He hopes to be by Xiao Yezi's side until the last moment of their lives.
可能换了一个讨厌束缚的人绝对会反对王叶提出的这个建议，但雷木独特的人生经历造就了他需要被人需要、需要被人重视的被需要型人格，只不过他冷酷杀手型的外表让所有人都看不出这点。
偏偏雷木心里渴望爱、渴望被人重视，但又因为小时候的受虐经历导致他对人的提防心很重，对绝大多数人都比较冷漠。
他会出手帮助闻笛、帮助王叶，都是因为那两人那时都是落难者，情况非常糟糕，让雷木想到了自己，这才会伸手。
He will help Wen Di and Wang Ye, all because those two were victims at that time, and the situation was very bad, so Lei Mu thought of himself, so he would stretch out his hand.
如果闻笛和王叶没有主动并热情地走入雷木人生，雷木可能转头就会忘掉这两人。
If Wen Di and Wang Ye hadn't taken the initiative and enthusiastically entered Lei Mu's life, Lei Mu might have turned his head and forgotten about these two people.
可闻笛在得救后，又反过来帮助了他，而且对方以兄长之姿，给了雷木很多关怀，也指点他许多，让雷木认可了这个人。
After Wendi was saved, he helped him in turn, and the other party, as a brother, gave Lei Mu a lot of care and guidance, so that Lei Mu recognized this person.
可雷木并没有从闻笛身上感觉到被需要感，他觉得闻笛比他强大，他可以和闻笛成为好友、成为伙伴，互相帮助，但并不是那种彼此唯一的存在。
But Lei Mu didn't feel a sense of need from Wen Di, he felt that Wen Di was stronger than him, he could be friends with Wen Di, become partners, and help each other, but he was not the only existence of each other.
直到雷木遇到王叶。 Until Lei Mu met Wang Ye.
那么小、那么弱、偏偏又那么喜欢他信赖他还死黏着他的小叶子。
So small, so weak, so fond of him, trusting him and clinging to his little leaves.
而小叶子本身又那么强、那么自信，偏偏身世还跟他类似。
And Xiao Yezi himself is so strong and confident, but his life experience is similar to him.
他们是同类，他们不会互相鄙视，他们只会抱团取暖，更彼此需要。
They are of the same kind, they do not despise each other, they will only huddle together for warmth, and they need each other more.
简直就戳中了雷木所有痒处，在雷木眼里，这就是老天爷赐给他的伙伴，真正的弟弟。
It simply poked all the itches of Lei Mu, and in Lei Mu's eyes, this is the partner God gave him, the real brother.
在最后被绑定前，雷木问：“如果因为我的精神核问题，最后还是影响到你，你会后悔和我绑定吗？”
Before being bound in the end, Lei Mu asked, "If it still affects you in the end because of my spiritual core problem, will you regret binding with me?" ”
王叶毫不犹豫地道：“如果我不和你绑定，我才会后悔。和你绑定了，我就有办法找出对你精神核做手脚的人，哪怕找不出来，我也有其他方法保护你。木木，你只要记住一点，你对我非常非常非常重要。”
Wang Ye said without hesitation: "If I don't bind to you, I will regret it." Bound to you, I have a way to find the person who did something to your spiritual core, and even if I can't find it, I have other ways to protect you. Mumu, you just need to remember one thing, you are very, very, very important to me. ”
雷木再无二话，他敞开自己的精神核，全力配合王叶，实实在在把自己的身家性命全都交了出去。
Lei Mu didn't say a word, he opened his spiritual core, fully cooperated with Wang Ye, and really handed over his net worth and life.
王叶把雷木绑定为深度因果关系者以后，他的因果卷就出现了一个副卷。
After Wang Ye bound Lei Mu to the deep causality, his causal volume appeared as a sub-volume.
副卷以雷木为中心，出现了和他相关联的因果关系者。 The subscroll is centered on Raimu, and there is a causal person associated with him.
但只是这样，还无法看到当年“创造”出雷木的相关人员，也无法看到主谋者，更不知道是谁控制了雷木的精神核。
But just like this, it is impossible to see the relevant people who "created" Lei Mu back then, nor can we see the mastermind, let alone who controlled Lei Mu's spiritual core.
其实王叶还有一种方法可以看到更多，那就是触摸因果卷上雷木的名字，去翻看他上辈子的因果联系。
In fact, Wang Ye has another way to see more, that is, to touch Lei Mu's name on the cause and effect scroll to look at the cause and effect connection in his previous life.
可雷木大约和他因果牵扯太深的缘故，他已经不止一次想要去探看雷木的上辈子因果关系，可都失败了。不仅仅是精神力不够，应该还有更深的因果牵扯在内。
But Lei Mu is probably too deeply involved in his cause and effect, and he has wanted to explore the cause and effect relationship of Lei Mu's previous life more than once, but he has failed. It's not just that the mental power is insufficient, there should be deeper cause and effect involved.
这也变相地说明，围绕雷木发生的一系列事情，极可能影响极大，说不定不仅影响到一国之国运，涉及到整个双月星都有可能！
This also shows in disguise that a series of things that happened around Lei Mu are very likely to have a great impact, maybe not only affecting the national fortunes of a country, but also involving the entire Twin Moon Stars!
为此，王叶只能采取这个更为迂回的方法，他不求能知道全部，只要能给他一条线索就可以，或者只要能让他斩断雷木和有可能操纵他的人的联系也行。
For this reason, Wang Ye could only take this more roundabout method, he didn't want to know everything, as long as he could give him a clue, or as long as he could cut off Lei Mu's connection with the people who might manipulate him.
紧接着，王叶开始检查雷木的精神核。 Immediately after, Wang Ye began to examine Lei Mu's spiritual core.
可他又隐约知道，只是检查恐怕什么也检查不出来，因为如果雷木的精神核有问题，他早在上次帮雷木建立精神核保护魔法阵时就会发现。
But he vaguely knew that he might not be able to detect anything just by checking it, because if there was a problem with Lei Mu's spiritual core, he would have found out as early as the last time he helped Lei Mu establish a spiritual core protection magic array.
所以就算雷木的精神核真的有隐患，也是他现在暂时找不出来的。
So even if Lei Mu's spiritual core really had hidden dangers, he couldn't find it for the time being.
不止是他找不出来，那位大帝包括兰道教授都不能。 Not only could he not find it, but the Great Emperor, including Professor Landau, couldn't.
那位大帝既然怀疑他那位王后的身体和精神核有问题，在女儿月琴出生后，又怎么会不仔细检查她的身体和精神核，可他还不是什么都没检查出来。
Since the Great Emperor suspected that there was something wrong with his queen's physical and spiritual core, how could he not carefully examine his daughter Yueqin's physical and spiritual core after her birth, but he hadn't checked out anything.
所以大帝说要检查雷木的精神核，雷木没动，大帝也没坚持，就因为他也知道检查也不一定能检查出什么。
So the Emperor said that he wanted to check Lei Mu's spiritual core, but Lei Mu didn't move, and the Emperor didn't insist, just because he also knew that the inspection might not be able to detect anything.
兰道必然也想到了这点，他和大帝单独出去，比起报复和打架，恐怕更多的还是谈雷木的问题，包括如何挖出问题根源彻底解决之类，但这些话就不适合让小辈们听到了。
Landau must have thought of this, he and the Emperor went out alone, rather than revenge and fighting, I am afraid it is more about talking about Lei Mu's problems, including how to dig out the root cause of the problem and solve it completely, but these words are not suitable for juniors to hear.
长辈们有长辈们的解决方法，但王叶不可能事事依赖那些长辈，也不想把所有希望都放在别人身上。
The elders have their solutions, but Wang Ye can't rely on those elders for everything, and he doesn't want to put all his hopes on others.
他更相信自己！ He believes in himself more!
王叶见检查不出问题，就控制雷木的精神核使用了【恶有恶报】，这就好像雷木使用了这个因果技能。
Wang Ye saw that there was no problem with the inspection, so he controlled Lei Mu's spiritual core and used [Evil Retribution], which was as if Lei Mu used this causal skill.
王叶以自己的精神力为消耗施展了这个诅咒攻击。 Wang Ye used his spiritual power as a drain to cast this curse attack.
他不是想要马上就解决雷木的所有仇人，以他现在的实力也做不到群灭。
He didn't want to deal with all of Thundermu's enemies right away, and with his current strength, he couldn't do it.
他只是通过这个技能来寻找所有对雷木抱有恶意并且已实施恶行的人。
He only uses this skill to find all the people who have malicious intentions towards Remu and have committed evil deeds.
因为主旨只是寻找，而不是真的要惩罚对方，所以王叶消耗的精神力也不算特别多。
Because the main purpose is just to find, not really to punish the other party, Wang Ye's spiritual power consumption is not particularly much.
随着这个技能发出。 With this skill is issued.
就见以雷木为中心的因果卷副卷上出现了一条条黑红色的因果线。
I saw that black and red causal lines appeared on the sub-volume of the cause and effect scroll centered on Lei Mu.
这些因果线蜿蜒攀伸，点亮了一个又一个已经存在的名字，比如撒埃德、撒奇尔、卡丽这一家子，还有几个与撒埃德有关的魔法师。
These causal threads meander and climb, illuminating one name after another that already exists, such as the family of Saeed, Thatcher, and Kari, as well as several magicians associated with Saeed.
但有的因果线伸出去却没有名字出现，这就表示这些人还没有出现在雷木和王叶面前，还是个未知者。
But some of the causal lines stretched out but no names appeared, which means that these people have not yet appeared in front of Lei Mu and Wang Ye, and they are still unknown.
而这样延伸出去却没有名字显示的因果线目前只有一条。
And there is only one causal line that extends in this way but does not show a name.
有意思的是，这个未知者竟然和撒埃德的夫人卡丽也有因果线联系，这就表示这位公爵夫人一定认识这个未知者，而且因果关系还比较深。
Interestingly, this unknown person is also connected to Saeed's wife Carrie, which means that the duchess must know this unknown person, and the causal relationship is still relatively deep.
到此，除了那名未知者，所有对雷木抱有恶意并已经实施者的名字都亮了出来。
At this point, except for the Unknown, the names of all those who had malicious intentions towards Remu and had already carried it out were revealed.
那些人马上就会倒点小霉，不过这不重要。 Those people are going to be a little bad in the run, but it doesn't matter.
王叶死死盯住了那个未知者。 Wang Ye stared at the unknown.
不管这个人是不是有可能影响到雷木精神核的人，至少他对雷木存有恶意而且已经实施某些恶行。
Regardless of whether or not this person is likely to influence the person of Lei Mu's spiritual core, at least he has malicious intentions towards Lei Mu and has already committed some evil deeds.
王叶立刻把所有诅咒力量都锁定了这个未知者，对他再次发动【恶有恶报】。
Wang Ye immediately locked all the curse power on this unknown person, and launched [Evil Retribution] against him again.
这次这个未知者可不止是倒一点小霉。不过恶报回去的力度也要看那人的实力如何，如果对方比较擅长精神类魔法，并且身边有阻挡诅咒的高级魔器，那么这个恶有恶报的诅咒对对方的伤害恐怕也不会太大。
This time the unknown is more than just a little bad luck. However, the strength of the evil retribution also depends on the strength of that person, if the other party is good at spiritual magic, and there is a high-level magic weapon around him to block the curse, then this evil curse with evil retribution may not hurt the other party too much.
但能出一口恶气也是好的。 But it's also good to be able to breathe a bad breath.
我不知道你是谁，但我照样能让你倒霉！ I don't know who you are, but I can still make you unlucky!
随后，王叶没给对方任何顺着诅咒反推的可能，直接施展【斩断因果】这个技能，把未知者和雷木之间的因果线给切断了。
Subsequently, Wang Ye did not give the other party any possibility to reverse the curse, and directly used the skill of [Cutting Cause and Effect] to cut off the causal line between the unknown and Lei Mu.
这就是王叶想出来的不是办法的办法。 This is the method that Wang Ye came up with that is not a way.
既然我暂时没办法找到雷木的精神核隐患，但我也不给你任何操控他的机会，【斩断因果】这个技能一施展，不管那个未知者和雷木之间有怎样的密切联系，都会就此消失。
Since I can't find the hidden danger of Lei Mu's spiritual core for the time being, but I won't give you any chance to manipulate him, as soon as the skill of [Cutting Cause and Effect] is cast, no matter how close the connection between that unknown person and Lei Mu is, it will disappear.
剩下的，如果只是精神核比较容易溃散这样的问题，他可以慢慢想办法帮雷木修复和加固。
For the rest, if it was just a problem that the spiritual core was more likely to collapse, he could slowly find a way to help Lei Mu repair and reinforce.
不过这个技能付出的代价也比较大，王叶施展完这个技能，红蓝两槽就全部被耗空，头一歪，就昏倒在雷木怀里。就连准备好备用的一袋子魔晶也大多变得粉碎。
However, the price paid for this skill is also relatively large, after Wang Ye performed this skill, the red and blue slots were all consumed, and as soon as his head was tilted, he fainted in Lei Mu's arms. Even the bag of magic crystals that had been prepared for spare time was mostly shattered.
也幸好有这些魔晶，否则王叶这会儿就不是昏倒，而是直接被抽成干尸了。
Fortunately, there are these magic crystals, otherwise Wang Ye would not have fainted at this time, but would have been directly drawn into a dry corpse.
雷木之前就被王叶叮嘱过，说他很可能会因为能量耗尽昏迷，让他不要担心。
Lei Mu had been told by Wang Ye before, saying that he was likely to fall into a coma due to energy exhaustion, so let him not worry.
但雷木怎么可能不担心？ But how could Raimu not be worried?
他抱着王叶就出去找闻笛了。 He hugged Wang Ye and went out to find Wendi.
疯药王：喂喂，我就在这儿，你没看到吗？我可是药王……呸，我可是药圣！你们这么忽略我，会后悔的知道吗！
Mad Medicine King: Hey, I'm right here, don't you see? I'm the king of medicine...... Phew, I'm a medicine saint! You will regret ignoring me so much, you know!
靳蜘蛛淡淡道：“谁让你给人的第一印象是疯呢，看着就特别不靠谱。”
Jin Spider said lightly: "Who made your first impression crazy to give people, it is very unreliable to look at." ”
疯药王：友尽！ Mad Medicine King: Friends!
第233章 恶有恶报的威力 Chapter 233: Evil has the power of evil retribution
当晚，双月城，一座豪华客栈内。 That night, in Shuangyue City, a luxury inn.
一名一看就是远道而来的贵族男子带着一众手下刚刚住进了一个单独的院落。
A noble man who looked like he had come from afar and his men had just moved into a separate courtyard.
有同样在等房间的客人不满，问店主为什么这伙人来得比他们迟，却一来就有单独的院落住。
Some guests who were also waiting for the room were dissatisfied and asked the owner why the group came later than them, but as soon as they arrived, they had a separate courtyard to live in.
店主和气生财地笑：“因为那位客人早就派了奴仆过来定下了那院子，只不过主人来得比较迟，大概是路上耽误了。”
The shopkeeper smiled kindly: "Because the guest has already sent a servant to settle the yard, but the master came relatively late, probably because the road was delayed." ”
这种情况在大比期间很常见，双月城这段时间所有旅馆客栈都爆满，全是从各地赶来观看大比的观众和一些想要碰运气的人。有钱有势的都会早早就派遣仆人过来预订住处，双月城不止是客栈爆满，再差的租房都早早被租完。
This situation is very common during the Dabi period, when all the hotels and inns in Double Moon City are full, and they are full of spectators who come from all over the world to watch the Dabi and some people who want to try their luck. The rich and powerful will send servants to book accommodation early, and not only are the inns full in Double Moon City, but even the worst rentals are rented out early.
距离各校驻扎点最近的那条街上的租房和客栈是最先被订完的。
The rentals and inns on the street closest to the schools were the first to be booked.
很多人不止是想看精彩的各校比试，他们还想趁此机会看能不能入得某位大佬的眼，被特别招收进学校。尤其那些错过各校招生季的天才们。
Many people not only want to see the wonderful competitions of various schools, they also want to take this opportunity to see if they can get into the eyes of a certain big guy and be specially recruited into the school. Especially the geniuses who missed the admissions season of the schools.
因为往年有不少天才就是这么被各校大佬在大比举办城市给捡到。后来各校只要有意招生的，甚至会在大比举办地点的城市里特别设置招生点，对来碰运气的孩童和少年进行天赋测试，如果遇到特别优秀的苗子就会特别招收。
Because in previous years, many geniuses were picked up by the bigwigs of various schools in the host city of Dabi. Later, as long as the schools were interested in recruiting students, they would even set up special enrollment points in the cities where Dabi was held, and conduct talent tests for children and teenagers who came to try their luck, and if they met particularly excellent seedlings, they would be specially recruited.
这么一搞，或错过招生季、或自认天赋不错但想多参加一些学校选拔的天才，还有附近的当地人，都开始往大比召开地点跑。
In this way, geniuses who either missed the admissions season, or who thought they had good talent but wanted to participate in more school selections, as well as nearby locals, began to run to the venue of the big competition.
如此一来，每到大比期，举办学校所在的城市就会特别热闹，一眼看过去，路上全是人。
As a result, the city where the school is held will be very lively every year, and the road will be full of people at a glance.
如今走在双月城中，到处都能听到大家在讨论大比的内容，一些出色的学生更是被人反复提到，比如陨星那个小叶子。
Walking in the city of the two moons now, you can hear everyone discussing the content of the big competition everywhere, and some outstanding students are repeatedly mentioned, such as the small leaf of the meteorite.
而今晚被大家谈论最多的则是撒奇尔。 And tonight the most talked about is Thatcher.
谁让撒奇尔是隔壁帝国的继承人呢，这位出丑，双月城的人简直喜闻乐见，其他国家和地区的人也都乐得看这个庞大帝国继承人的笑话。
Who made Thatchir the heir of the empire next door, this ugly, two-moon city man is simply happy to see it, and people from other countries and regions are also happy to see the jokes of the heir of this huge empire.
“听说那位大帝出现了。” "I heard that the emperor has appeared."
“真的假的？” "Really?"
“真的，他出面把他的侄孙撒奇尔带走了。” "Really, he stepped in and took his nephew, Thatcher, away."
“啧，这个继承人可是给大帝丢了大脸，我怀疑这小子的继承权十有八九保不住。”
"Tsk, this heir has embarrassed the emperor, and I suspect that this kid's inheritance will not be able to be preserved."
“可不给他的话，还能给谁？那位大帝唯一的女儿早逝，如今近亲就只剩下明光公爵父子俩。如果撒奇尔没了继承权，就只剩下明光公爵，可明光公爵也只有撒奇尔一个儿子……啧啧。”
"If you don't give it to him, who else can you give it to? The only daughter of the emperor died early, and now only Duke Mingguang and his son are left as close relatives. If Thatchir has no inheritance, only Duke Mingguang will be left, but Duke Mingguang only has one son...... Gee. ”
“你们是不是都忘了一件事？那位大帝还年轻得很，他要是想生孩子，怎么都能生吧？”
"Have you all forgotten one thing? That emperor is still very young, if he wants to have children, how can he have children? ”
“对啊，就算不能生育，恶魔献祭术了解一下，只要你能拿得出让魔族动心的代价，他们就能给你一个健康的后代。”
"That's right, even if you can't have children, if you understand the demon sacrifice technique, as long as you can pay the price of making the demons tempting, they can give you a healthy offspring."
“结果生下来一看是魔种？” "As a result, when you are born, you will see that it is a demon seed?"
“魔种也比那个又蠢又毒的撒奇尔好吧？” "The demon seed is better than that stupid and poisonous Thatcher, right?"
“就是，我看魔种挺好的，那个临渊魔法学校不就带了不少魔种学生过来，听说他们的教授也有不少是魔种。”
"That's it, I think the demon seed is very good, that Linyuan magic school didn't bring a lot of demon seed students over, and I heard that many of their professors are also demon seeds."
独立院落最豪华的一间客房中。 One of the most luxurious rooms in the separate courtyard.
刚刚到达的贵族，身穿华丽服饰的半老男子在仆人侍候下脱下外套，换上柔软的室内鞋。
The nobles who had just arrived, half-aged men dressed in ornate costumes took off their coats and changed into soft indoor shoes while the servants waited.
数名佣兵打扮的男子恭敬地站在不远处。 Several men dressed as mercenaries stood respectfully not far away.
其中一名提前过来、武者装束的男子，正在跟半老男子汇报最新消息：“已经确定，那位大帝确实到了大比会场观看大比。”
One of the men, who came in advance and was dressed as a warrior, was reporting the latest news to the half-old man: "It has been confirmed that the emperor has indeed arrived at the Dabi venue to watch Dabi." ”
半老男子没说话。 The half-old man didn't speak.
佣兵中一名马脸男子皱眉道：“这位会影响我们的计划吗？”
One of the mercenaries was a horse-faced man who frowned, "Will this affect our plans?" ”
汇报者：“不会。那位随心所欲得很，他来大概是想看看他的那个侄孙的表现，现在撒奇尔大大丢了他的脸，他很可能已经带着撒奇尔返回银月帝国。”
Reporter: "No. The freewheeling one, he probably came to see how his nephew was doing, and now that Thatcher had lost his face greatly, it was likely that he had returned to the Silvermoon Empire with Thatcher. ”
“如果是这样最好。否则让他发现撒埃德公爵……” "It's best if so. Otherwise, let him find out that the Duke of Saeed ......"
“唔，你说得没错，还是要盯着那位大帝一点，以免他乱插手，坏了我们的计划。”
"Well, you're right, we still have to keep an eye on that emperor a little, lest he interfere and ruin our plans."
几名佣兵和那名汇报者具体讨论了如何盯住那位大帝后，一起看向半老男子，等他做最后决定。
After discussing with the reporter how to keep an eye on the Emperor, the mercenaries looked at the half-old man together and waited for him to make a final decision.
半老男子转过身，他没有说要如何盯梢那位大帝，而是提到他这次过来的重点：“你们提到的那个陨星小叶子的资料我已经收到。那个孩子真的有你们说得那么出色？”
The half-old man turned around, he didn't say how to keep an eye on the Great Emperor, but mentioned the point of his visit this time: "I have already received the information about the meteorite Xiaoye you mentioned. Is that kid really as good as you say? ”
汇报者上前一步，明确地说道：“只会比我们汇报得更出色。虽然他中了千木之毒，但根据我们得到的消息，他中千木之毒已经有近一年时间，可他现在还好好的，只这点就足够上面探究。”
The reporter stepped forward and said clearly: "It will only be better than we are." Although he has been poisoned by a thousand trees, according to the information we have received, he has been poisoned by a thousand trees for nearly a year, but he is still fine, and this alone is enough to explore the above. ”
“唔。”半老男子没表达意见。 "Hmm." The half-aged man did not express an opinion.
汇报者又道：“这个小叶子到底如何，是否附和上面的要求，您可以亲自看一看。他一共报名参加了三场比试，目前还有一项卷轴没有比，但剩下的比试项目已经没有多少，不是明天就是后天，一定会被抽到。”
The reporter said: "How is this little leaf, and whether it echoes the above requirements, you can see for yourself." He signed up for a total of three competitions, and there is still one reel that has not been compared, but there are not many remaining competition items, either tomorrow or the day after tomorrow, and he will definitely be drawn. ”
“我知道了。我会亲自看看，如果这个小叶子真的像你们说的那样出色，那么这次……唔！”半老男子忽然按住额头。
"I see. I'll see for myself, and if this little leaf is really as good as you guys say, then this time...... Not! The half-old man suddenly pressed his forehead.
“大人？”几人担心地喊。 "Your Excellency?" Several people shouted worriedly.
半老男子刚抬起手，想说自己没事，可就在此时，半老男子嘴中开始不停呕血，吐到后面还有内脏碎片被吐了出来。
The half-old man just raised his hand and wanted to say that he was fine, but at this moment, the half-old man began to vomit blood in his mouth, and there were fragments of internal organs that were spit out in the back.
“大人！”众人焦急。 "Your Excellency!" The crowd was anxious.
“这是诅咒的力量！”半老男子几乎立刻就锁定了原因。
"This is the power of the curse!" The half-aged man locked on the reason almost immediately.
可到底是谁在诅咒他？ But who is cursing him?
又是谁能诅咒得了他？ And who could curse him?
会是撒尔曼吗？ Could it be Salman?
他发现他了吗？ Did he spot him?
不可能！他一直都很小心，手脚也做得很干净。而且他这次过来“物色货物”，按理也应该没有任何人知道。
No way! He has always been very careful, and his hands and feet are clean. And he came to "look for goods" this time, and it stands to reason that no one should know.
半老男子让手下警戒，一边吐血一边开始布置魔法阵。 The half-old man put his men on guard, and began to set up the magic array while vomiting blood.
他要反击，更要阻断这个诅咒。 He wants to fight back, and he wants to stop this curse.
但不等他把魔法阵布置完，诅咒来源就突然消失，他再也感觉不到那股强烈的恶意和杀意。
But before he could finish arranging the magic array, the source of the curse suddenly disappeared, and he could no longer feel the strong malice and killing intent.
同时，他的空间戒指中，一个盒子里装的一枚网状物在这一刻也自燃了，就那么化成了灰烬。
At the same time, a mesh in a box in his spatial ring also spontaneously combusted at this moment, and it turned into ashes.
可惜半老男子一心想要找出诅咒来源，根本就没注意到空间戒指中的变化，而那个盒子已经放了很久，没事他也不会特意查看。
It's a pity that the half-old man was so bent on finding out the source of the curse that he didn't notice the changes in the spatial ring at all, and the box had been sitting for a long time, so he wouldn't have checked it out of his mind.
于是这事就这么被他忽略了。 So he ignored it.
这一夜过得匆匆忙忙，很多人感觉才合眼，天就亮了。 The night passed in a hurry, and many people felt that their eyes were closed, and the sky was dawning.
上午是魔法阵比试，有人眼尖地发现陨星那个小叶子并不在陨星校队中，包括他大哥雷木也没有出现，陨星的黑袍人也少了几个。
In the morning, it was a magic array competition, and some people were sharp-eyed to find that the little leaf of the meteorite was not in the meteorite varsity, including his eldest brother Lei Mu did not appear, and there were a few fewer black-robed people in the meteorite.
刚转到陨星的闻笛也没有露面。 Wen Di, who had just turned to the meteor, did not show up.
有大佬过来询问乾副校长，还开玩笑说小叶子对魔法阵也精通得很，为什么不连魔法阵的比试也报名。
A big guy came over to ask Vice Principal Qian, and joked that Xiao Yezi was also very proficient in the magic array, so why didn't he even sign up for the magic array competition.
乾副校长一脸难受地叹息道：“小叶子还小呢，这不，前面一连参加这么多场比试，昨晚就累倒了。唉，那小脸苍白的，谁看谁难受。偏偏他还有一门卷轴要比，我们都劝他不要参加了。”
Vice Principal Qian sighed uncomfortably and said, "Xiao Yezi is still young, no, I participated in so many competitions in a row before, and I was tired last night." Alas, the little face is pale, and whoever looks at it is uncomfortable. However, he still has a scroll to compare with, and we all advised him not to participate. ”
“这样啊。” "That's right."
很快，小叶子累倒的消息就传遍了整个会场。 Soon, the news that Xiao Yezi was tired spread throughout the venue.
不久，传言就变成小叶子身上的千木之毒发作，小叶子有可能要缺席卷轴比试。
Soon, the rumor turned into a thousand wood poison attacks on Xiao Yezi's body, and Xiao Ye may have to be absent from the scroll competition.
有人对此表示惋惜，有人幸灾乐祸。 Some people regret this, others gloat.
撒埃德本应该为这个消息击掌欢庆，但如今他是真的半点都笑不出来。
Saeed should have high-fived and celebrated the news, but now he really couldn't laugh at all.
从早上开始，他的脸色就跟死了全家一样难看。 Since the morning, his face has been as ugly as if he had died in the whole family.
而他脸色难看，不止是因为撒奇尔昨天出丑、可能遭到大帝厌弃一事，昨晚他身上还发生了一件对于任何一名男性来说都十分可怕的事情。
And his face was ugly, not only because of Thatcher's ugly appearance yesterday and the possibility of being rejected by the Emperor, but also because of something terrible to any man that happened to him last night.
撒埃德只有一位夫人，也没有明面上的情人，但包括他的夫人和他的儿子都知道，他身边那些侍候他的侍女，同时兼任着撒埃德情人的角色。
Saeed has only one wife, and he has no overt lover, but both his wife and his son know that the maids who serve him around him also serve as Saeed's lover.
只不过撒埃德换侍女换得很勤，从没有哪一个侍女能得宠到影响到卡丽夫人地位的程度，所以卡丽夫人对于撒埃德欺辱侍女的事也向来睁只眼闭只眼。
如果撒埃德特别偏爱哪位侍女，卡丽夫人也不急，只等丈夫厌弃了那名侍女，她才会把人弄过来慢慢折磨。
If Saeed had a particular preference for a maid, Lady Carrie was not in a hurry, and only waited until her husband was disgusted with the maid before she would bring someone over and torture her slowly.
撒埃德不清楚那些失宠的侍女们的下场吗？ Didn't Saeed know what happened to the maids who had fallen out of favor?
他当然清楚，但他压根就不在乎那些侍女。相反如果那些失宠的侍女能让他夫人出气，而不会让他夫人怨恨他，他还觉得那些侍女也算物尽其用。
Of course he knew, but he didn't care about the maids at all. On the contrary, if those handmaidens who have fallen out of favor can make his wife angry, and not make his wife resent him, he still thinks that those maids can be used to the fullest.
为此，侍候撒埃德的侍女总是胆颤心惊，就害怕公爵看上自己。
For this reason, the maid who waited on Saeed was always frightened, and she was afraid that the duke would take a fancy to her.
但撒埃德既然会挑选某女成为他的侍女，那肯定是因为那名女子长得很符合他的口味。
But since Saeed would choose a certain woman to be his maid, it must be because that woman looked very much to his taste.
这种情况下，自然也不可能有哪个侍女逃过撒埃德的魔爪。
In this case, it is naturally impossible for any maid to escape the clutches of Saed.
这么多年下来，也不知多少侍女遭了这对夫妻的毒手，明光公爵府那一年四季盛开鲜艳花朵的花园下面也不知埋了多少具青春年少的尸体。
After so many years, I don't know how many maids have been poisoned by this couple, and I don't know how many young corpses have been buried under the garden of the Mingguang Duke's Mansion that blooms with bright flowers all year round.
可昨晚出现了一个幸运儿，那名侍女在被撒埃德留下的时候都要哭了。
But last night there was a lucky one, and the maid was going to cry when she was left behind by Saed.
她非常害怕，就在她以为逃不过的时候，老爷忽然叫她滚。
She was very frightened, and just when she thought she couldn't escape, the old man suddenly told her to get out.
小侍女穿上衣服就跑了，她什么都不懂，也不知道发生了什么事，只知道自己逃过一劫。
The little maid put on her clothes and ran away, she didn't understand anything, she didn't know what was happening, she only knew that she had escaped.
之后，一名更加成熟，侍候撒埃德时间更长的侍女被叫进房。
Afterwards, a more mature maid who had been waiting for Saeed longer was called into the room.
但不久后，那名侍女也出来了，被打得鼻青脸肿，说是侍候不利。
But soon after, the maid also came out, and was beaten with a blue nose and swollen face, saying that it was not good to wait.
再之后，再也没有侍女被叫进去。 After that, no more maids were called in.
如果只是不举，那也没什么。撒埃德有钱有势，他有的是办法让自己重振雄风。
If you just don't lift it, it's nothing. Saeed is rich and powerful, and he has a way to reinvigorate himself.
但问题是半夜的时候，撒埃德发现他不止是不举，他那里竟然开始红肿溃烂，到了早上竟然直接变黑腐烂了，然后他只不过上了个厕所，那里就掉了一半。
But the problem was that in the middle of the night, Saeed found that he not only did not lift it, but he began to be red and swollen and festering, and in the morning it turned black and rotted, and then he just went to the toilet, and half of it fell off.
这种事不可怕，还有什么事可怕？ This kind of thing is not terrible, what else is terrible?
撒埃德立刻秘密找来药师，让他查看是怎么回事。 Saeed immediately secretly called the pharmacist and asked him to see what was going on.
药师检查后判断他得了霉疮。 The pharmacist examined him and determined that he had mildew.
撒埃德不可置信，说不可能，他不可能之前还好好的，一夜间就腐烂。
Saeed was incredulous and said it couldn't be, he couldn't have been fine before, rotting overnight.
药师表示他并不擅长医术，他只擅长炼药，所以也无从分析这是怎么回事。
The pharmacist said that he was not good at medicine, he was only good at alchemy, so he had no way to analyze what was going on.
撒埃德只好又找魔法师来看。 Saeed had no choice but to look for a magician again.
前后来了三名魔法师，有两人认为他中毒，还有一人认为他中了诅咒。
Three magicians came in front of him, two thought he was poisoned, and one thought he had been cursed.
“我……还能恢复吗？”撒埃德颤抖地问。 "I ...... Can it still be recovered? Saeed asked tremblingly.
三名魔法师沉吟半天，终于有一人回答道：“重新长出来是不可能了，也许可以试试移植。”
The three magicians pondered for a long time, and finally one of them replied, "It's impossible to grow it back, maybe you can try transplanting." ”
移植就移植吧，他说不定可以借此机会挑选一个更好的。撒埃德自我安慰，脸色总算恢复一些。
Transplant is transplant, maybe he can take this opportunity to pick a better one. Saede comforted himself, and his face finally recovered.
那名说是诅咒的魔法师却又追加一句：“但如果是诅咒的话，只怕接上去也只会是同样下场。”
The magician who said it was a curse added: "But if it's a curse, I'm afraid that if it's just a curse, it will only end in the same way." ”
撒埃德崩溃了！这种事哪个男人受得了？ Saeed collapsed! What man can stand this kind of thing?
崩溃的撒埃德此时还不知道，他的夫人卡丽和儿子撒奇尔昨晚也遇到了极为糟糕的事情。
The devastated Saeed did not know at this time that his wife Carrie and son Thatcher had also met with something terrible last night.
卡丽夫人昨晚睡觉时觉得脸有点痒，她就抓了几下。 Lady Carrie felt a little itchy in her face when she went to bed last night, and she scratched it a few times.
这一抓不得了了，竟是越抓越痒。 This one is too hard to scratch, and the more I scratch it, the more itchy.
卡丽夫人知道要停下来，但真的太痒了。 Lady Carrie knew to stop, but it was really too itchy.
等她把药师喊来，她的脸已经被她自己抓烂。 By the time she called the pharmacist, her face had already been scratched by herself.
药师给她上了药，但诅咒的力量让药物根本不起作用，卡丽夫人的脸烂掉了，还一直奇痒无比，不抓不行。
The medicine man drugged her, but the power of the curse made it work, and Lady Carrie's face was rotten, and she was still itching so badly that she couldn't scratch it.
撒奇尔昨晚被关在一个小黑屋里，无论他怎么大喊大叫都没有人理睬他。
Thatcher was locked up in a small dark room last night, and no matter how much he yelled, no one paid attention to him.
撒奇尔恐惧极了，他不知道自己被谁抓了。 Thatcher was terrified, he didn't know who he had been captured.
他醒来后就在这个小黑屋里，他大声喊叫表明自己的身份，用他父亲、用大帝来威胁躲在暗中的敌人，可没有用，没有任何人理睬他。
When he woke up, he was in this little dark room, he shouted loudly to identify himself, and used his father and the emperor to threaten the enemies hiding in the shadows, but it was useless, and no one paid attention to him.
然后昨晚撒奇尔就觉得浑身都疼，疼得他无法克制。 Then last night Thatchir felt pain all over his body, and the pain was so painful that he couldn't restrain it.
他感觉自己的血液在燃烧，他的骨头被人用钻子钻，他的内脏被人用针刺，无法用言语形容的极度疼痛降临他全身。
He felt his blood burning, his bones drilled with drills, his internal organs pricked with needles, and the excruciating pain that could not be described in words fell on his body.
撒奇尔哭喊哀嚎了一个晚上。 Thatcher cried and wailed all night.
等到早上，有人来给他送饭，发现了他的异样。 In the morning, someone came to bring him food and noticed his strangeness.
而那时撒奇尔看上去就像得了早衰症，明明才十五岁的少年竟然枯萎得像个五十岁的小老头。
At that time, Thatcher looked like he had Progeria, and the boy who was only fifteen years old withered like a little old man of fifty.
给他送饭的仆人消失了一会儿，大概是把他的情况报了上去。
The servant who brought him food disappeared for a while, presumably reporting his condition.
也不知道上面的人是怎么想的，竟然让那名仆人送来了一面镜子，放到了小黑屋中，还点亮了灯，好让撒奇尔看清自己现在的模样。
I don't know what the people above thought, but they asked the servant to bring a mirror, put it in the small dark room, and light the lamp, so that Thatcher could see what he was like.
撒奇尔看到镜中那个形容枯萎、身体佝偻、头发变成白色还掉得差不多的怪物，吓得不住尖叫。
Thatcher screamed in fright when he saw the withered, clumped body, white hair in the mirror, and almost falling out.
这不是他！这个怪物不可能是他！
撒奇尔抬起手想要砸碎镜子，可当他看清自己的双手皮肤时，他发出了类似公鸡被宰杀时的惨叫声。
除了明光公爵一家，还有几名为公爵服务的魔法师也出现了各种古怪的倒霉事。
但因为撒埃德和撒奇尔两人都还在外地，这几名魔法师也并没有聚集在一起，他们暂时还没有联想到这是一起针对明光公爵府的诅咒袭击，他们只当是意外，或者有人单独对某人下毒。
But because Saeed and Thatchir were still out of town, the magicians didn't gather together, and they didn't think that this was a cursed attack on the Duke of Mingguang's palace for the time being, they just thought it was an accident, or someone poisoned someone alone.
包括卡丽夫人那边，也只当是有人仇恨她，对她下了某种奇毒，而没有意识到这是诅咒。
Even Lady Carrie, on her part, only thought that someone hated her and gave her some kind of strange poison, without realizing that it was a curse.
双月学校大比现场。 Bi-monthly school big than the scene.
魔法阵比试非常顺利地结束了，没有出任何幺蛾子。 The magic array competition ended very smoothly, and there were no moths.
虽然有不少人开玩笑说小叶子也应该报名参加魔法阵比试，但这场比试的第一和第二名都已经是五级魔阵师，第三名虽是四级，但距离五级只有一线。
Although many people joked that Xiao Yezi should also sign up for the magic array competition, the first and second places in this competition were already fifth-level demon array masters, and although the third place was fourth-level, it was only one line away from fifth-level.
而闻笛教授昨天出的魔法阵相关问题基本都是基础问题，最难也没有超过四级。
And the questions related to the magic array that Professor Wen Di came out yesterday were basically basic questions, and the most difficult ones did not exceed level four.
所以绝大多数人都认定小叶子的魔法阵等级顶多也只到四级，也许只有三级。
Therefore, the vast majority of people believe that Xiao Ye's magic array level is only level four at most, maybe only level three.
毕竟小叶子都已经擅长那么多项专业能力了，如果每一项专业能力都能达到四级以上，那未免也太可怕，太不可思议。
After all, Xiao Yezi is already good at so many professional abilities, if every professional ability can reach level four or above, it will be too terrible and incredible.
下午抽出来的比试项目是魔乐。 The competition item drawn in the afternoon is magic music.
如此，明天上午的最后一项就确定了，必定是卷轴比试。
In this way, the last item tomorrow morning will be decided, and it must be a reel competition.
“哇，压轴是卷轴啊，那场比试看的人肯定最多，不知道小叶子明天能不能参加？”
"Wow, the finale is a scroll, there must be the most people watching that competition, I wonder if Xiao Yezi can participate tomorrow?"
“我更好奇卷轴比试会用什么方式，这可是压轴比。” "I'm more curious about how the reel contest will go, and this is the finale."
“你们说那位大帝还会来观看吗？” "Do you think the Emperor will come to watch?"
“撒奇尔都被带走了，那位大帝还来看谁？” "Thatcher has been taken away, who else is the emperor coming to see?"
“就是觉得好可惜，那可是双月星目前为止第一位敢称大帝的人，还没有多少人反对。不觉得他特别厉害吗？”
"It's just a pity, that's the first person in Shuangyue Star to dare to call the emperor so far, and not many people have objected. Don't you think he's particularly powerful? ”
“那位是特厉害，但……后代不行啊。银月帝国说不定在这位之后就得解体。”
"That's the best, but ...... Descendants can't. The Silvermoon Empire may have to disintegrate after this. ”
“你们说这位大帝会不会暗中还藏了一个后代？” "Do you think this emperor is secretly hiding a descendant?"
“怎么可能？！” "How is that possible?!"
“怎么不可能？那些吟游诗人不经常弹唱一些被偷藏的继承人、被暗中培养的国家王子之类的故事吗？而且你们不觉得那位大帝似乎一点都不担忧自己的后代问题吗？”
"How could it not be? Didn't those bards often play and sing stories about stolen heirs, secretly cultivated princes of the country, and so on? And don't you think that the Great Emperor doesn't seem to be worried about his descendants at all? ”
也不知道是怎么回事，可能是普通人对大帝那个阶层人的生活太过好奇，关于大帝是否有暗藏的继承人的猜测竟然在一个下午就传遍了各大超凡者学校和双月城。
I don't know what's going on, it may be that ordinary people are too curious about the life of the people of the Emperor's class, and the speculation about whether the Emperor has a hidden heir has spread all over the major transcendent schools and Double Moon City in one afternoon.
而这个猜测还在向更远的地方辐射，比如双月城隔壁的银月帝国。
And this speculation is still radiating farther away, such as the Silver Moon Empire next door to Double Moon City.
此时，王叶正躺在床上假装自己是一具尸体。 At this time, Wang Ye was lying on the bed pretending to be a corpse.
他的宿舍里，来了三位大佬。 In his dormitory, three bigwigs came.
嗯，他的三位师父分别拖了一张椅子，就坐在他床边。 Well, each of his three masters dragged a chair and sat on the edge of his bed.
雷木被三位大佬的气势压得只能靠在窗户边，想要去缓解一下气氛都难。
Lei Mu was so pressed by the momentum of the three bigwigs that he could only lean against the window, and it was difficult to relieve the atmosphere.
第234章 睡眠大法 Chapter 234: The Great Law of Sleep
三位大佬半天不说话，王叶四肢慢慢放松，不知不觉间呼吸就变得绵长。
The three bigwigs didn't speak for a long time, Wang Ye's limbs slowly relaxed, and before he knew it, his breathing became long.
三位大佬看着床上四肢摊开睡得嘴巴张开口水都要流出来的小家伙，一阵无语。
The three big guys looked at the little guy who was sleeping with his limbs spread out on the bed and his mouth was open and the water was about to flow out, and he was speechless for a while.
这小东西竟然真的睡着了？ Is this little thing really asleep?
在他们三人的共同注视下？ Under the joint gaze of the three of them?
雷木靠在窗边闷笑。 Remu leaned against the window and grinned.
小叶子一定是在三位师父的注视下特别有安全感，加上确实消耗过大，醒了没多久就又睡着了。
Xiao Yezi must have felt particularly safe under the gaze of the three masters, plus it was indeed too consumed, and he fell asleep again not long after waking up.
“小兔崽子！”虫老低骂。 "Little bunny!" The worm scolded in a low voice.
“他脱离危险了吗？”兰道看向闻笛。术业有专攻，医术上还是要看这位。
"Is he out of danger?" Landau looked at Wen Di. There is a specialization in the art industry, and the medical skills still have to look at this one.
闻笛抓起王叶的手腕，把自己的能量输入王叶体内。 Wen Di grabbed Wang Ye's wrist and injected his energy into Wang Ye's body.
就这样，王叶也没醒。 In this way, Wang Ye did not wake up.
闻笛脸上露出浅浅笑容。 Wen Di had a shallow smile on his face.
他们超凡者对能量多敏感？ How sensitive are their transcendents to energy?
别说被人抓住手腕输入能量，就是刚接近身边都能惊醒。
Not to mention being grabbed by someone to input energy, even if you are close to your side, you can wake up.
而王叶在这种情况下仍旧能保持沉眠，这不是说王叶迟钝，而是表明小家伙对他的能量和精神力极为熟悉并极为信任，否则绝做不到这种程度。
And Wang Ye can still stay asleep in this situation, this is not to say that Wang Ye is dull, but it shows that the little guy is extremely familiar with his energy and spiritual power and trusts him very much, otherwise he would never be able to do it to this extent.
虫老瞥到这一幕，在心中轻哼。 The worm elder caught a glimpse of this scene and hummed softly in his heart.
闻笛放开王叶手腕，把他的小胳膊塞到被子里，这才说道：“没事，已经稳定了。”
Wen Di let go of Wang Ye's wrist and stuffed his little arm into the quilt, then said, "It's okay, it's stable." ”
他昨晚可是给这小东西分时间段灌了三瓶六级的精神力补充药剂，又帮他做了一次精神力疏导，确保这次的损耗没有伤及王叶的根本。
Last night, he poured three bottles of sixth-level spiritual power replenishment potion into this little thing in different periods of time, and helped him do a mental power diversion to ensure that this loss did not hurt Wang Ye's roots.
“简直胡来！”虫老到现在都怒气未消。 "It's nonsense!" The worm is still angry.
昨天晚上雷木抱着王叶跑出来找闻笛，不仅惊动了闻笛，也惊动了虫老、兰道和一堆学校大佬。
Last night, Lei Mu ran out with Wang Ye in his arms to find Wendi, which not only alarmed Wendi, but also Worm Lao, Landau and a bunch of school bosses.
当时王小叶那模样绝对能吓到一片真心关心他的人。 At that time, Wang Xiaoye's appearance could definitely scare a group of people who really cared about him.
脸色惨白、浑身脱力、气息微弱，就连精神力都似有若无，也怪不得雷木吓得到处找人救命。
His face was pale, his body was exhausted, his breath was weak, and even his spiritual power seemed to be absent, so it was no wonder that Lei Mu was scared to find someone to save his life.
经过闻笛和虫老的双重检查，判断王叶精神力和能量都损耗过大，甚至有可能伤及根本，怀疑他可能超出能力界限地施展了某种威力庞大的法术。
After the double examination of Wen Di and Worm Lao, it was judged that Wang Ye's spiritual power and energy were too lost, and it was even possible to hurt the roots, suspecting that he might have cast some kind of powerful spell beyond the limits of his ability.
雷木太过心焦，也是出于对三位大佬的信任，就跟三人说了王叶和他做了某种类似生死伙伴的契约，并极有可能利用某种秘法帮助他解决了精神核有可能被人控制的隐患。
Lei Mu was too anxious, and out of trust in the three bigwigs, he told the three of them that Wang Ye had made some kind of contract with him that was similar to a life-and-death partner, and it was very likely that he would use some secret method to help him solve the hidden danger that the spiritual core might be controlled by others.
兰道心下感动万分，他既高兴自己刚认回来的儿子能有这么一个好伙伴，又庆幸自己收了这么一个重情重义的弟子。
Lan Dao was very moved in his heart, he was not only happy that the son he had just recognized could have such a good partner, but also glad that he had accepted such a disciple who valued love and righteousness.
而且这个弟子还和他儿子认识并感情极好。兰道都觉得这是老天爷给他禁闭二十年后最好的补偿。
Moreover, this disciple also knew his son and had a very good relationship. Landau felt that this was the best compensation God had given him after twenty years of confinement.
虫老判断王叶的情况很危险，给他喂了珍贵的修复精神源的虫粉。
The insect elder judged that Wang Ye's condition was very dangerous, and fed him the precious insect powder that repaired the spiritual source.
闻笛则接手了接下来的治疗。 Wen Di took over the next treatment.
经过一番抢救？ After some rescue?
王叶的情况总算平稳下来，当时他还睁开眼睛看着身边围着的一圈人，咕哝：“我没事，别大惊小怪。”
Wang Ye's situation finally stabilized, when he opened his eyes and looked at the circle of people around him, muttering: "I'm fine, don't make a fuss." ”
然后一翻身就睡了过去。 Then as soon as he rolled over, he fell asleep.
把众位大佬气得想要把人揪起来暴揍他一顿！ made the big guys so angry that they wanted to pick people up and beat him up!
雷木看王叶情况平稳下来，当场脱力地靠在墙上。他也想揍这个小混蛋，说什么看到他昏迷也不用担心，说他只要睡几天就好。这是睡几天就能好的问题吗？
Lei Mu saw that Wang Ye's situation had stabilized, and leaned against the wall on the spot. He also wanted to beat up this little bastard, saying that he didn't have to worry if he saw him unconscious, saying that he only needed to sleep for a few days. Is it a matter of getting better after a few days of sleep?
王叶对自己的情况并没有判断错误，他只是有点托大了，觉得自己储存的能量和庞大的精神力足够消耗，却没好好想一想，他连想看雷木前世的因果关系都做不到，却敢直接斩断雷木和某人之间的因果联系，这得要付出多大代价？
Wang Ye didn't misjudge his situation, he was just a little overbearing, he felt that his stored energy and huge spiritual power were enough to consume, but he didn't think about it, he couldn't even see the causal relationship between Lei Mu's previous life, but he dared to directly cut off the causal connection between Lei Mu and someone, how much price did it have to pay?
虽说他只是斩断一条因果线，未来那人发现无法控制雷木后肯定还会来找麻烦。但这一个看起来微小的变动却牵一发动全身，必然会影响到全局。
Even though he only cut a line of cause and effect, that person will definitely come to trouble in the future when he discovers that he can't control Lei Mu. But this seemingly small change will affect the whole body and will inevitably affect the overall situation.
想想看，前世围绕雷木发生了多少事，不说其他，就说一个银月帝国无数生命的消亡，那得是多大一份因果？
Think about it, how many things happened around Lei Mu in the previous life, not to mention anything else, just talk about the demise of countless lives in the Silver Moon Empire, how much cause and effect must it be?
可以说王叶能把这条因果线斩断，人没有被彻底抽干，也许也和那些消逝的无数生命有关吧。
It can be said that Wang Ye was able to cut off this causal line, and people were not completely drained, maybe it was also related to the countless lives that disappeared.
之后王叶就一觉睡到现在，刚刚醒了一小会儿，三位大佬正要找他算账，结果这个狡猾的小东西就装睡，装着装着就真的又睡着了。
After that, Wang Ye slept until now, and just woke up for a short while, and the three bigwigs were about to settle accounts with him, but this cunning little thing pretended to be asleep, and he really fell asleep again while pretending.
“你和这小兔崽子很熟悉？”虫老像是很随意地问道。 "You're familiar with this little bunny?" The insect elder asked casually.
闻笛翘起腿，放松地靠在椅子上，索性承认了这件事：“嗯，很早就认识。就如你们所见，他的医术、药学和魔法阵，都是我教的。”
Wen Di cocked his legs, leaned back in his chair relaxedly, and simply admitted the incident: "Well, I've known each other for a long time." As you can see, I taught him his healing, pharmacy, and magic circles. ”
说到这句话时，闻笛很是骄傲。虽然实际教王叶的人不是这个他，但那个他也是他嘛。
When he said this, Wen Di was very proud. Although the person who actually taught Wang Ye was not this him, he was also him.
“一年半前我要去十万大山寻找一处秘境，就放他自己出来玩了。”闻笛补充，这也是他和王叶商量好的说法。
"A year and a half ago, I was going to the 100,000 Mountains to find a secret place, so I let him out to play by himself." Wen Di added that this was also what he and Wang Ye had discussed.
“怪不得。”兰道轻叹。 "No wonder." Landau sighed.
小叶子的表现可真不像是自学能学出来的，如果自学就能在九岁学到这种程度，那何止是天才，得是神子才行。
Xiao Yezi's performance really doesn't seem to be self-taught, if he can learn this level at the age of nine by self-study, then he is not only a genius, he has to be a god son.
“那这小子怎么不去双月找你？”虫老皱眉。 "Then why didn't this kid go to Bimoon to find you?" The worm frowned.
闻笛：“我想离开双月，自然不会让他来双月。” Wen Di: "I want to leave Shuangyue, so naturally I won't let him come to Shuangyue." ”
虫老接受了这个回答，年纪大的人多少都知道闻笛和双月之间的那摊子事，闻笛想要离开双月真不奇怪，尤其现在的校长布鲁还搞出要把撒奇尔那个蠢货塞给闻笛的傻逼事情。
Worm Lao accepted this answer, older people more or less know the mess between Wendi and Shuangyue, Wendi is really not surprised that he wants to leave Shuangyue, especially the current headmaster Blue also made a stupid thing to stuff Thatcher's idiot into Wendi.
由此及彼，虫老等人自然会想到闻笛在双月是不是还受到了其他委屈。
From this and the other, the insect elder and the others naturally wondered if Wen Di had been wronged in the second month.
闻笛要是知道虫老在想什么，说不定会笑出来。他什么性格？双月怎么敢给他委屈受？要不是这次布鲁校长做得太过分，踩到了他的底线，他也不会生出离开双月的心。
If Wendi knew what Worm was thinking, he might laugh. What is his character? How dare Shuangyue give him grievances? If Principal Blue hadn't gone too far this time and stepped on his bottom line, he wouldn't have had the heart to leave Biyue.
当然最主要的是王叶出现了。 Of course, the main thing is that Wang Ye appeared.
王叶跟他说的“前世”的一些事让他非常敏感地意识到，如果他再留在双月，很可能会遇到一些对他极为不利的事情。
Some of the things in his "previous life" that Wang Ye told him made him very sensitive to realize that if he stayed in Biyue any longer, he would probably encounter something extremely unfavorable to him.
都已经知道结果必然不好，他还留下，他傻了吗？ already knew that the result was bound to be bad, he still stayed, was he stupid?
正好布鲁又搞了这么一出骚操作，让他更加意识到这座学校不能待了，好友加校长都要出卖他换取利益，他还待着干嘛？
It just so happened that Blue had made such a fuss again, which made him more aware that this school couldn't stay, and his friends and the principal were going to betray him in exchange for benefits, so why was he staying?
有些人的下限是会一步步降低的。布鲁能拿他利益交换一次，未来说不定就会有第二次和第三次……他一点都不想留下来考验对方的人品。
For some people, the lower limit will be lowered step by step. Blue can exchange his interests once, and there may be a second and third in the future...... He didn't want to stay and test the other party's character at all.
“他身上的千木之毒，你真的没有办法解决？”虫老又问。
"The poison of a thousand trees on his body, you really can't solve it?" The worm asked again.
闻笛对此也很是头疼，他揉了揉太阳穴，说道：“我只能说尽量，但这千木之毒是那位疯药王搞出来的绝世作品，是他的得意之作，而我现在的实力还没有达到疯药王的级别。如果……”
Wen Di also had a headache about this, he rubbed his temples, and said: "I can only say as much as possible, but this Thousand Trees Poison is a peerless work made by that Mad Medicine King, and it is his proud work, and my current strength has not yet reached the level of the Mad Medicine King." If ......"
“如果什么？”虫老立刻问。 "What if?" The worm asked immediately.
闻笛微微沉吟：“如果能找到疯药王留下来的传承药典就好了。我听过一个传闻，是我父亲跟我说的，他说疯药王曾跟我祖父说过，要用人生最后的时间写一本包罗全部医药知识的药典，同时这也是他的传承。我猜，如果千木之毒有解药，那本药典中一定会有记载。”
虫巢中的疯药王鼓掌。很好，分析得太对了，不愧是二长老的孙子。另外你们都不用担心了，那本药典就在那小兔崽子的脑子里！千木之毒就是那小子的养料，养料知道吗？你们都白担心了！
雷木轻咳。
三位大佬都没注意。 The three bigwigs didn't pay attention.
雷木很纠结，想着要不要把疯药王就在王叶的虫巢空间中的事说出来。
Lei Mu was very entangled, thinking about whether to tell the story of the Mad Medicine King in Wang Ye's hive space.
但他觉得这事还是由小叶子告诉三位师父比较好，毕竟空间是小叶子的，疯药王也是小叶子的半个师父。
But he felt that it would be better for Xiao Yezi to tell the three masters about this matter, after all, the space belonged to Xiao Yezi, and the Mad Medicine King was also half of Xiao Yezi's master.
不过另外一件事他觉得可以说，免得这三位一直担心下去，他相信换了小叶子也不会这么一直隐瞒三位师父。
But there is another thing he thinks can be said, so as not to worry about these three all the time, he believes that if he changes Xiao Yezi, he will not hide the three masters all the time.
“三位教授，”雷木清清嗓子，开口。 "Three professors," Remu said, clearing his throat.
兰道第一个转过头来。 Landau was the first to turn his head.
其他两位大佬也看向雷木。 The other two bigwigs also looked at Remu.
雷木举了举手，说道：“关于千木之毒，我想诸位不用太担心，小叶子应该有办法解决。”
Lei Mu raised his hand and said, "Regarding the poison of a thousand trees, I don't think you need to worry too much, Xiao Yezi should have a way to solve it." ”
虫老其实心中早就有数，他可是亲眼见过王叶拿出缓解千木之毒药方的人，那药方上的药剂还是他亲手炼制的呢。
The insect elder actually knew it in his heart, but he had personally seen Wang Ye take out the prescription to alleviate the poison of a thousand trees, and the medicine on the prescription was still refined by him.
只是千木之毒没有彻底解决前，小兔崽子又不给他一个准确答复，他总是会忍不住担心。
It's just that before the poison of a thousand trees is completely solved, the little rabbit cub doesn't give him an accurate answer, and he can't help but worry.
闻笛略略一顿，突然说道：“他得到了疯药王的传承？就在这一年半中？”
Wen Di paused for a moment, and suddenly said, "He got the inheritance of the Mad Medicine King?" In the middle of the year and a half? ”
雷木吞咽口水，闻笛大哥也太敏锐了吧，竟然这么快就反应过来了。
Lei Mu swallowed his saliva, Brother Wendi was too keen, he reacted so quickly.
闻笛看到雷木神情，还有什么不明白的，当即就轻笑起来。
Wen Di saw Lei Mu's expression, and if there was anything he didn't understand, he immediately chuckled.
轻笑逐渐转变成大笑：“好！非常好！” The chuckle gradually turned into a loud laugh: "Good! Very good! ”
虫老也轻轻哼了一声，但眼中也有了笑意。他倒没有生气王叶隐瞒这点，换了他，他也不会轻易说出这样的奇遇。
The worm elder also snorted lightly, but there was also a smile in his eyes. He wasn't angry that Wang Ye was hiding this, if he was replaced, he wouldn't easily say such an adventure.
兰道则是单纯高兴。 Landau was simply happy.
虫老：“这事不宜说出去，也没必要让学校知道。” Worm Lao: "It's not appropriate to talk about this, and there's no need to let the school know." ”
人心都是偏的，学校是很重要，但小叶子是他的唯一弟子，还是这么出色给他长脸能继承他全部传承还能发扬光大的弟子，虫老当然不愿意自家弟子吃亏。
People's hearts are biased, and the school is very important, but Xiao Yezi is his only disciple, or a disciple who is so good to give him a long face to inherit all his inheritance and carry it forward, of course the worm old does not want his own disciples to suffer.
“自然。”闻笛和兰道一起点头。 "Nature." Wen Di and Landau nodded together.
疯药王的传承太重要了，那可是知识之城都没有的、承袭了过去的医药知识、没有任何断层的完整传承！
The inheritance of the Mad Medicine King is too important, it is a complete inheritance that is not available in the city of knowledge, inheriting the medical knowledge of the past, and without any faults!
这事要传出去，不说陨星的众位大佬是否会动心，首先药师公会那边就不会放过王叶。
If this matter is going to get out, not to mention whether the bigwigs of the Meteorite will be tempted, first of all, the Pharmacist Guild will not let Wang Ye go.
虽说有他们三个在，加上陨星的面子，药师公会的人包括那位总会长在内，也不敢怎么对王叶过分，但百分百会跟他们谈条件，让王叶把那份传承贡献出来。
Although there are three of them, plus the face of the falling star, the people of the Pharmacist Guild, including the president, don't dare to be too much to Wang Ye, but they will 100% negotiate with them and let Wang Ye contribute that inheritance.
可还是那句话，人心都是偏的。王叶是他们的弟子，东西到自家弟子手上那就是他的，他愿不愿意公开和贡献，得看他自己。而主动和被逼可是两码事。
But it's still that sentence, people's hearts are biased. Wang Ye is their disciple, and when things come into the hands of his own disciples, it is his, and whether he is willing to make public and contribute depends on himself. And being active and being forced are two different things.
最重要的是，这世上有愿意坐下来谈条件进行交换的人，也有无耻地只想掠夺和白占便宜的人，而后者更是占绝大多数。
The most important thing is that there are people in this world who are willing to sit down and negotiate terms and exchange, and there are also people who shamelessly only want to plunder and take advantage of nothing, and the latter account for the vast majority.
他们不可能一直跟着王叶，学校也不可能一直护得住王叶。
It is impossible for them to follow Wang Ye all the time, and it is impossible for the school to protect Wang Ye all the time.
毕竟学校有那么多学生在，如果有人无耻地绑架了学校的学生，要求王叶用疯药王的传承做交换，王叶到时该怎么办？学校又该怎么办？
After all, there are so many students in the school, if someone shamelessly kidnaps the students of the school and asks Wang Ye to exchange the inheritance of the Mad Medicine King, what should Wang Ye do when the time comes? What about schools?
所以瞒住这件事不说出去，对小叶子才是最好的。 So hiding this matter and not talking about it is the best for Xiaoyezi.
虫巢里，疯药王得意坏了，对几个小的不住炫耀：“看看，还是这些大的明白。你们这些小兔崽子根本就不知道我的传承有多么重要，多少人想要！尤其那个小混蛋，得了便宜还卖乖，我不就是吸收他一点精神力嘛，看把他小气的！要是换了别人，本药圣说给他我的传承，任何人都会屁颠颠地把自己的精神力奉献给本药圣。”
In the hive, the Mad Medicine King was so proud that he couldn't stop showing off to a few small ones: "Look, it's still these big ones that understand." You little bunnies have no idea how important my legacy is, and how many people want it! Especially that little bastard, if he gets cheap and sells well, don't I just absorb a little bit of his mental power, look at him stingy! If it were someone else, and the Medicine Saint would give him my inheritance, anyone would dedicate their spiritual power to the Medicine Saint. ”
“还有这次，要是他好好跟我说，雷木那个精神核有可能被控制的隐患，我也不是不能解决，当年这个课题还是我提出来的，不信你们可以问蜘蛛。可那小兔崽子经常性不把本药圣放在眼里，活该他这次受大罪，而且他以为这样就能彻底消除隐患了吗？我跟你们说，只要母体还活着……”
"And this time, if he tells me well, the hidden danger that Lei Mu's spiritual core may be controlled, I can't solve it, I still brought up this topic back then, I don't believe you can ask the spider. But that little rabbit cub often doesn't take this medicine saint in his eyes, he deserves to suffer a big sin this time, and he thinks that this will completely eliminate the hidden danger? I tell you, as long as the mother is alive......"
小光唰地飞开：“咿咿！”看电视了看电视了~ Xiaoguang flew away: "Babble! "I've watched TV, I've watched TV~
“呼呼叽！”金宝爬上小云的肩膀：“弟叽~！”走了。
"Whew!" Jinbao climbed on Xiaoyun's shoulder: "Brother~!" "Gone.
靳蜘蛛也爬得飞快，他在虫巢空间中的信任度总算被提高了，获得了进入小楼看电视的福利。
Jin Spider also climbed fast, and his trust in the hive space was finally improved, and he received the benefit of entering the small building to watch TV.
靳蜘蛛一看电视顿时沉迷，每天什么都不想干，就想看电影，他对科幻电影尤其迷醉，已经决定将来真正苏醒后就开始研发宇宙飞船，双月星已经装不下他了，他要冲出双月星飞向宇宙！
Jin Spider was addicted to TV as soon as he saw it, he didn't want to do anything every day, he just wanted to watch movies, he was especially fascinated by science fiction movies, and he had decided to start developing spaceships after he really woke up in the future, and the Double Moon Star could no longer fit him, he wanted to rush out of the Double Moon Star and fly into the universe!
疯药王气得不住磨牙：“一群小混蛋！还有一个老混蛋！上梁不正下梁歪！”
The Mad Medicine King was so angry that he couldn't stop grinding his teeth: "A bunch of little bastards! And an old bastard! Fish begins to rot from the head! ”
带歪一家子的一家之主王小叶睡得太过香甜，以至于完全没听到他三位师父就在他床边友好协商了接下来对他的学习时间安排。
Wang Xiaoye, the head of the family with a crooked family, slept so sweetly that he didn't hear him at all, and the three masters were at his bedside to negotiate the next study schedule for him.
雷木听着那时间安排，默默给王小叶点了一排蜡烛。 Lei Mu listened to the time arrangement, and silently lit a row of candles for Wang Xiaoye.
以后家里的饭还是他来做吧，家里的小的也他来带吧，小叶子以后恐怕没有半点空闲时间了。
In the future, he will cook the food at home, and he will bring the small ones at home, and I am afraid that Xiaoye will not have any free time in the future.
三位教授是真的狠，除了睡觉时间，简直就把小叶子的吃饭和上厕所时间都精确计算到分钟了，那课程表排的！
The three professors are really ruthless, except for the sleeping time, they simply calculated Xiao Ye's eating and toilet time to the minute, and the class schedule is arranged!
这课程表还参考了小叶子选修和主修的所有课程，原有课程并没有取消，只是又加上了三位大佬的专业课程。
This curriculum also refers to all the courses that Xiao Yezi takes and majors in, and the original courses have not been canceled, but the professional courses of the three big guys have been added.
靠睡眠大法暂且躲过修罗场的王叶一直睡到第二天早上才被雷木叫醒。
Wang Ye, who relied on the Dafa of Sleep to temporarily avoid the Shura Field, slept until the next morning when he was woken up by Lei Mu.
疯药王大概觉得自己被忽视太过，更觉得这帮小混蛋们太轻视他的能力，他总算发挥了一些主观能动性，特别主动地查看了王叶的情况，然后跟雷木说，不要让王叶再睡下去。
The Mad Medicine King probably felt that he had been neglected too much, and even felt that these little bastards were too despised of his ability, so he finally exerted some subjective initiative, especially took the initiative to check Wang Ye's situation, and then told Lei Mu not to let Wang Ye sleep again.
雷木在这方面还是比较相信疯药王的，就叫醒了王叶。 Lei Mu still believed in the Mad Medicine King in this regard, so he woke up Wang Ye.
王叶醒来后还迷迷糊糊的，洗了个澡后人就精神了。 Wang Ye was still in a daze after waking up, and after taking a bath, he was in good spirits.
雷木做了丰盛的早饭，王叶吃得头也不抬，他饿坏了。 Lei Mu made a hearty breakfast, Wang Ye didn't raise his head after eating, he was hungry.
“卷轴比试你还要参加吗？学校的意思是，你可以放弃这项比试。”雷木传达了乾副校长的交代。
"Do you still want to participate in the reel competition? The school means that you can drop the competition. Lei Mu conveyed Vice Principal Qian's explanation.
王叶咕嘟咕嘟灌下一大杯牛奶——他迫不及待想要长高，一抹嘴：“参加！为什么不参加？”
Wang Ye poured a large glass of milk - he couldn't wait to grow taller, and wiped his mouth: "Participate!" Why not attend? ”
天知道他看到那袋魔晶的损耗后有多么心疼，这才富起来就缩水，钱这东西果然不经花。
God knows how distressed he was after seeing the loss of the bag of magic crystals, so he shrank when he became rich, and the money really didn't go through the money.
所以比试是必须要参加的，不为名誉，也要为了那份丰厚奖励。
Therefore, the competition is a must, not for fame, but also for the rich reward.
第235章 压轴考 Chapter 235: The Finale
金宝蹿到王叶肩头，贴着他小叶子爸爸的耳朵跟他呼呼叽叽地告状。
Jin Bao jumped on Wang Ye's shoulder, and whispered to him against his little Yezi's father's ear.
告状内容？ What is the content of the complaint?
当然是某个疯药王今天跟他们说的话啦。 Of course, it was what a certain mad drug king told them today.
他们之前不知道雷木爸爸的精神核有隐患，听到疯药王提及才知道。但一干小的可精明了，他们日常和疯药王相处，知道这位就是个轴性子，你如果真的求他，他会拿乔再拿乔，你跟他好好说话，他就跟你云里雾里胡扯一通，永远不会跟你说到重点。
They didn't know that Lei Mu's father's spiritual core had hidden dangers before, but they only knew when they heard the Mad Medicine King mention it. But a small one can be shrewd, they get along with the mad drug king every day, and they know that this is an axis character, if you really ask him, he will take Joe and then take Joe, if you talk to him well, he will talk nonsense with you, and he will never tell you to the point.
但如果你不理睬他，故意忽视他，这老头就憋不住了。你越是不想跟他说话，他越是会追着你说，说着说着就把干货说出来了。
But if you ignore him and deliberately ignore him, the old man will not be able to hold back. The more you don't want to talk to him, the more he'll chase after you, and tell you what he's talking about.
王叶之前就是这么跟疯药王相处，他从不主动请教疯药王问题，如果他有什么想问的，他就和雷木聊天，提一句，然后就不提了。或者当着疯药王的面炼制药剂，不管成不成功，他也什么都不说、什么都不问。
Wang Ye used to get along with the Mad Medicine King like this, he never took the initiative to ask the Mad Medicine King questions, if he had anything he wanted to ask, he would chat with Lei Mu, mention it, and then stop mentioning it. Or refining the potion in front of the mad medicine king, no matter whether it is successful or not, he doesn't say anything or ask anything.
疯药王一开始还能端得住，就等着王叶来请教他，可左等右等就是不见王叶来求他，到最后反而是他自己憋得难受，急得抓耳挠腮。
The mad medicine king could still hold it at first, so he waited for Wang Ye to come and ask him, but he didn't see Wang Ye come to beg him, but in the end, he was uncomfortable and anxious to scratch his ears and cheeks.
这就跟你看小学生就在你旁边写作业，看到他十位数以内的加减都反复错，就问你急不急？
It's the same as when you see a primary school student writing homework next to you, and you see that his addition and subtraction within ten digits are repeatedly wrong, so you ask if you are in a hurry?
金宝告状，小云补充，小光还提到了靳蜘蛛，王叶听得眯了眯眼睛。
Jin Bao complained, Xiao Yun added, Xiao Guang also mentioned Jin Spider, Wang Ye squinted his eyes when he heard it.
雷木倒是很理解地说：“我们是不是太忽视药王大人了？他是那个年代的大人物，又在知识之城待了那么长时间，说不定他知道很多事情。”
Lei Mu said very understandingly, "Are we ignoring Lord Medicine King too much? He was a big man of his time, and he had been in the City of Knowledge for so long, maybe he knew a lot of things. ”
王叶冷哼：“他那个人，你正儿八经问他，他什么都不会说。”
Wang Ye snorted coldly: "That person, if you ask him, he won't say anything." ”
雷木笑：“他其实就是老小孩的性子，想要人多关注他、多尊重他而已。”
Lei Mu smiled: "He is actually an old child's character, and he just wants people to pay more attention to him and respect him more." ”
“然后他就好狮子大开口，让我给他送一堆养魂液。美得他！”王叶撇嘴。
"Then he opened his mouth and asked me to send him a bunch of soul nourishing liquid. He's beautiful! Wang Ye pouted.
雷木经常搞不清楚小叶子到底喜欢疯药王还是讨厌，嗯，讨厌应该是不讨厌，否则以小叶子的性格，绝不会把疯药王养在虫巢里，还是在没有任何束缚契约的情况下。
Lei Mu often can't figure out whether Xiao Yezi likes the Mad Medicine King or hates it, well, hate it should be whether he hates it or not, otherwise with Xiao Yezi's character, he will never raise the Mad Medicine King in the worm nest, or without any binding contract.
疯药王大概也是对小叶子爱在心中口难开，只是小叶子不肯求他，他就也端起架子。但真的遇到事，他也不会真的憋着不说。
The Crazy Medicine King probably also had a hard time loving Xiao Yezi in his heart, but Xiao Yezi refused to beg him, so he also put up a shelf. But when something really happens, he won't really hold back and not say anything.
如果疯药王真的不想帮他们，他完全可以提都不提。老头故意在一帮小的面前“说漏嘴”，何尝不是想要借一帮小家伙的嘴巴让王叶知道这件事？
If the Mad Medicine King really didn't want to help them, he could have mentioned it at all. The old man deliberately "leaked his mouth" in front of a group of small guys, why didn't he want to borrow the mouths of a group of little guys to let Wang Ye know about it?
雷木失笑：“你不用去，我来去找他谈谈。他既然提出来，肯定猜到我们会去找他。”
Lei Mu smiled: "You don't have to go, I'll talk to him." Since he brought it up, he must have guessed that we would go to him. ”
王叶起身：“一起去。有些专业的事你可能听不懂。” Wang Ye got up: "Let's go together." There are some professional things that you may not understand. ”
“就你聪明！”雷木敲了下自傲鬼的脑袋。 "You're smart!" Remu knocked the proud ghost's head.
王叶嘿嘿笑，木木是越来越像他兄长了，随着他们的关系越来越深，他们之间的感情也很自然地从朋友和伙伴过度到了兄弟。
Wang Ye smiled, Mu Mu was becoming more and more like his brother, and as their relationship became deeper and deeper, the relationship between them naturally transitioned from friends and partners to brothers.
好兄弟，一辈子！ Good brother, for a lifetime!
疯药王远远看到王叶和雷木的身影过来，轻飘飘的身体原地转了两圈。
The Mad Medicine King saw Wang Ye and Lei Mu's figures coming from a distance, and his fluttering body turned around twice in place.
在他身边晒太阳（？）的靳蜘蛛摊开八只长腿，劝告道：“他有了闻笛，你的价值就更小了。如果你不拿出一点干货，他永远都不会给予你尊重，更不会承认是你的传人。等以后他身上的千木之毒解掉，别人也只会说他闻笛师父厉害，而绝不会想到小叶子得到了你的传承。”
Basking in the sun by his side (?) Jin Spider spread out his eight long legs and advised: "If he has a flute, your value will be even smaller." If you don't show a little dry goods, he will never give you respect, let alone recognize you as your heir. When the poison of a thousand trees on his body is dissolved in the future, others will only say that he is very powerful at Master Wendi, and they will never think that Xiao Yezi has obtained your inheritance. ”
“小叶子的那几位师父为了保护小叶子，也绝不会向外透露这件事，到最后，哪怕小叶子全盘继承了你的传承，那也是闻笛教出来的，和你没半点关系，你甘心？”
"In order to protect Xiao Yezi, the masters of Xiao Yezi will never reveal this matter to the outside world, in the end, even if Xiao Yezi inherits your inheritance completely, it is also taught by Wendi, and it has nothing to do with you, are you willing?"
疯药王当然不甘心！ Of course, the mad medicine king is not reconciled!
靳蜘蛛看到两人走近，加快语速：“你既然想帮他们，那就好好帮，别再拿架子了。你到现在还看不出来吗？那小子就是个吃软不吃硬的。而且雷木是我的弟子，他精神核的问题，我肯定要帮他解决。我到现在没开口，也只是不想你难看。但我绝不会等你太久。你自己好好考虑吧。”
Jin Spider saw the two approaching, and sped up his speech: "Since you want to help them, then help them well, don't take a shelf anymore." Can't you see it yet? That kid is a soft eater who doesn't eat hard. Moreover, Lei Mu is my disciple, and I will definitely help him solve the problem of his spiritual core. I haven't said anything yet, and I just don't want you to be ugly. But I'm not going to wait too long for you. Think about it yourself. ”
疯药王不转圈了，他非实质的双脚落到了地面。 The Mad Medicine King stopped spinning, and his insubstantial feet fell to the ground.
等到王叶和雷木走到面前，疯药王不等两人询问，就说道：“如何控制和深入他人精神核是当年知识之城的一个课题，由我提出，但我没有结束它。我提出这个课题的初衷是为了更好地医疗精神核损伤。可研究到后来，我发现那些老怪物的目的和我的初衷偏离，他们比起治疗，更偏重于控制，我就把这个课题丢开了，没有研究下去。”
When Wang Ye and Lei Mu walked in front of them, the Mad Medicine King didn't wait for the two to ask, and said, "How to control and penetrate into the spiritual core of others was a topic in the City of Knowledge back then, and I proposed it, but I didn't end it. My original intention in proposing this topic was to better treat mental nuclear injuries. But after researching, I found that the purpose of those old monsters deviated from my original intention, and they were more focused on control than treatment, so I threw this subject away and did not study it. ”
王叶见这位竟然这么主动，有些诧异，但还是顺着他的话问道：“你认为这个研究被人继续下去了？”
Wang Ye was a little surprised to see that this person was so active, but he still followed his words and asked, "Do you think this research has been continued?" ”
疯药王很不高兴地道：“必然是。那些王八蛋肯定偷了我的研究成果，我当年的研究已经有结果，我只是没有把答案直接给他们，但如果他们打开我的魔法塔，找到那间研究室，那里留着我那个课题的全部记录，他们只要跟着记录继续研究下去，很容易就能找到控制精神核的具体方法。”
The Mad Medicine King said unhappily, "It must be." Those bastards must have stolen my research results, my research back then has already had results, I just didn't give them the answer directly, but if they open my magic tower and find that research room, where all the records of my subject are kept, they can easily find a specific way to control the mental core as long as they follow the records and continue to study. ”
王叶压住激动之心，尽量平静地问：“你知道控制方法，那你是不是也知道如何彻底解决隐患的方法？”
Wang Ye suppressed his excitement and asked as calmly as possible: "You know the control method, so do you also know how to completely solve the hidden danger?" ”
“我需要先给雷木的精神核做个具体检查。虽然雷木的情况和我当年用的实验体不同，他应该是出生前在胚胎状态就被人动了手脚，但基础理论都是一样的。想要控制精神核，得先在被控制者的精神核中放入一个引子，这个引子可以是某人的一道精神力，也可以是某种精神暗示。另外，还可母体遗传。”
"I need to do a specific examination of Lei Mu's spiritual core first. Although Raimi's situation is different from the test subject I used back then, he should have been manipulated in an embryonic state before birth, but the basic theory is the same. If you want to control the mental core, you must first put an introduction in the mental core of the person being controlled, which can be a mental power of someone or some kind of spiritual suggestion. In addition, it can be inherited from the mother. ”
“什么是母体遗传？”王叶问。 "What is maternal inheritance?" Wang Ye asked.
疯药王用直白的言语解说道：“简单说就是一种精神暗示的遗传。比如我们很多人根本没有见过毒蛇，但在看到毒蛇的第一眼就会害怕，这就是一种母体遗传。还有人天生晕血，血液也不会伤人，但他看到就会晕。而有些人明知道火焰会灼伤人，看到火焰却忍不住想要靠近和碰触。这些都是母体遗传，是隐藏在精神核中最深层的精神暗示。”
The Mad Medicine King explained in straightforward words: "To put it simply, it is a kind of heredity of spiritual suggestion. For example, many of us have never seen a poisonous snake at all, but we will be scared at the first sight of a poisonous snake, which is a kind of maternal inheritance. There are also people who are born with faint blood, and the blood will not hurt anyone, but he will faint when he sees it. And some people know that the flames will burn people, but when they see the flames, they can't help but want to get close and touch them. These are all maternal inheritances, and they are the deepest spiritual hints hidden in the spiritual nucleus. ”
王叶明白了，果然研究都是殊途同归。只是地球那边认为一切遗传都隐藏在基因中，而疯药王这边却认为虚无缥缈的精神核也接受了遗传。
Wang Ye understood, and sure enough, the research was all the same. It's just that the earth side thinks that all heredity is hidden in genes, while the mad medicine king's side thinks that the ethereal spiritual core also accepts heredity.
“这么说雷木的精神核本身没有问题？” "So there's nothing wrong with Thunderwood's spiritual core itself?"
“当然没有问题。”疯药王翻了个白眼，“亏你也是学医的，雷木的精神核如果不稳定或者有某种缺陷，他就不可能成为超凡者，成为了也无法升级。他的精神力输出也不可能这么稳当，更不可能稳步提升。这也是那位大帝检查他女儿的精神核，怎么都没检查出问题的原因。”
"Of course there is no problem." The Mad Medicine King rolled his eyes, "You are also a medical student, if Lei Mu's spiritual core is unstable or has some kind of defect, he will not be able to become an extraordinary person, and he will not be able to upgrade if he becomes one." It is impossible for his mental power output to be so stable, let alone improve steadily. This is also the reason why the emperor checked his daughter's spiritual core, but he didn't check out the problem. ”
王叶摸摸鼻子，嘀咕：“我也有猜到这点，这才选择斩断有可能的联系。”
Wang Ye touched his nose and muttered: "I also guessed this, so I chose to cut off the possible connection." ”
雷木暗中戳了戳王叶，让他虚心一点。 Lei Mu secretly poked Wang Ye and asked him to be humble.
王叶就一脸虚心地求教道：“那我要如何找出藏在雷木精神核中的精神暗示？我找过了，他的精神源中没有他人的精神力。”
Wang Ye asked for advice with an open face: "Then how do I find out the spiritual hint hidden in the Thunderwood Spirit Core?" I've looked for it, and there is no other person's spiritual power in his spiritual source. ”
疯药王一听王叶的意思就明白了，敢情这小东西就不想让他检查雷木的精神核，这是不放心他呢，哼！
As soon as the mad medicine king heard what Wang Ye meant, he understood that he didn't want him to check Lei Mu's spiritual core if he dared to love this little thing, this is not worrying about him, hum!
雷木一看疯药王的神色，无奈，忙为王叶描补：“药王大人，小叶子一直都想跟您多学一些东西，但他比较轴，就小孩子脾气，明明心里想得不得了，却不好意思跟您开口。他啊，上次还跟我说要把您介绍给他闻笛师父，要让他闻笛师父吓一跳呢。”
Lei Mu saw the look of the Crazy Medicine King, helpless, and hurriedly made up for Wang Ye: "Lord Medicine King, Xiao Yezi has always wanted to learn more things from you, but he is more axial, just a child's temper, obviously thinking about it in his heart, but he is embarrassed to talk to you." He, last time, he told me that he wanted to introduce you to Master Wendi, so that Master Wendi would be shocked. ”
王叶：喂喂喂，大哥，我什么时候犯轴了？明明是这老头有毛病！
Wang Ye: Hey, hey, big brother, when did I break the shaft? It's clear that there is something wrong with this old man!
疯药王嘴角弯起，那表情眼看就活了起来，特别得意，真正老小孩一个：“哼，看在你面子上。你小子过来，我告诉你怎么寻找被人下的精神暗示。”
The corners of the Crazy Medicine King's mouth curled, and his expression came alive at the sight, especially proud, a real old child: "Hmph, for your sake." Come here, you kid, I'll tell you how to look for mental hints that have been given to you. ”
王叶爸爸为了他家大娃，忍了。乖乖走过去，听疯药王跟他传道授业。
Wang Ye's father endured it for the sake of his eldest baby. Obediently walked over and listened to the mad medicine king preach and teach him.
靳蜘蛛暗中对雷木竖起一根长腿。 Jin Spider secretly raised a long leg to Lei Mu.
雷木笑，和靳蜘蛛走到一边说话。 Lei Mu smiled and walked to the side to talk with Jin Spider.
靳蜘蛛对雷木还是很尽心的，他跟雷木也更投缘，他的性子比较像研究者，对比较跳脱又腹黑的小叶子有点接受不来，虽然也很欣赏王叶的天分和聪慧，但他更愿意教授雷木。
Jin Spider is still very dedicated to Lei Mu, he is more in love with Lei Mu, his temperament is more like a researcher, and he can't accept Xiao Ye who is more jumpy and black-bellied, although he also admires Wang Ye's talent and intelligence, but he prefers to teach Lei Mu.
不过王叶有问题问他，他也愿意解答。 However, Wang Ye asked him a question, and he was willing to answer it.
靳蜘蛛就跟雷木慢慢讲解起如何用魔器来阻挡他人对自己的精神攻击和控制，并给了他两张相关魔器的炼制配方。
Jin Spider slowly explained to Lei Mu how to use magic weapons to block other people's mental attacks and control over him, and gave him two refining recipes for related magic weapons.
王叶性子急，听疯药王跟他说完方法以后，他就去找雷木试验了，他恨不得马上就把雷木身上所有隐患都排除才好。
Wang Ye was anxious, and after listening to the mad medicine king tell him about the method, he went to Lei Mu to test, and he couldn't wait to eliminate all the hidden dangers on Lei Mu immediately.
“卷轴大比马上就开始了。”雷木意思是也不差这半个上午。
"The reel is about to begin." Lei Mu means that it is not bad for half a morning.
但王叶不愿意：“快得很，我检查一遍要不了多长时间。”
But Wang Ye was unwilling: "It's very fast, it won't take long for me to check it again." ”
于是，等乾副校长发现雷木和王叶竟然还没来集合时，就问到了兰道教授那里。
So, when Vice President Qian found out that Lei Mu and Wang Ye hadn't come to the gathering yet, he asked Professor Landau.
兰道下意识以为王叶还没睡醒，就说他去看看，如果王叶他们不去比赛，他肯定是要留下来守护这两个孩子的。
Lan Dao subconsciously thought that Wang Ye hadn't woken up yet, so he said that he would go and see, if Wang Ye and they didn't go to the game, he would definitely stay and protect the two children.
闻笛和虫老闻言，自然也要跟过去。 When Wen Di and the worm heard the words, they naturally had to follow suit.
“来了来了！”王叶一路高喊，和雷木一前一后从二楼宿舍狂奔到一楼。
"It's coming, it's coming!" Wang Ye shouted all the way, and ran wildly from the second-floor dormitory to the first floor with Lei Mu.
虫老上来就给了王叶后脑勺一巴掌。 The old worm came up and gave Wang Ye a slap on the back of the head.
王叶嗷地一声惨叫。 Wang Ye screamed.
正在等待的陨星参赛生和一些教职工都喷笑了出来。 The waiting Meteorite students and some of the faculty and staff burst out laughing.
雷木放心了，这一巴掌，大家就算对小叶子有意见这会儿也消除了。姜果然还是老的辣！
Lei Mu was relieved, this slap, even if everyone had an opinion on Xiao Yezi, it would be eliminated at this time. Ginger is still old and spicy!
闻笛察觉王叶和雷木神色看着似乎很轻松，就好像刚刚解决了某个极为为难的事情一样。王叶被打也只是咕咕哝哝地揉着后脑勺抱怨，但揉了两下就凑到虫老跟前和他小声说着什么，貌似还给虫老塞了一个小袋子。
Wen Di noticed that Wang Ye and Lei Mu's expressions seemed to be very relaxed, as if they had just solved an extremely difficult matter. Wang Ye was beaten and just rubbed the back of his head and complained, but after rubbing it twice, he came to the insect old man and whispered something to him, and it seemed that he had stuffed a small bag for the insect old man.
闻笛：我不吃醋，一点都不。我才认识这小兔崽子，还没建立多少感情。
Wendi: I'm not jealous, not at all. I've only just met this little bunny, and I haven't built much of a relationship yet.
乾副校长看王叶活泼精神的样子，笑了笑，跟雷木点点头，招呼教职工和学生们排队走入传送魔镜。
Vice Principal Qian looked at Wang Ye's lively spirit, smiled, nodded to Lei Mu, and beckoned the faculty and students to line up and enter the teleportation magic mirror.
王叶又挤到兰道身边，也给他塞了一个小袋子，还让他趁热吃。
Wang Ye squeezed to Lan Dao's side again, stuffed him with a small bag, and asked him to eat it while it was hot.
兰道抬手揉了揉男孩的脑袋，又拍了拍雷木的肩膀。 Landau raised his hand and rubbed the boy's head, then patted Remu on the shoulder.
雷木想了想，低声跟兰道说了他的隐患已经解决八成的事。
Lei Mu thought about it for a while, and whispered to Rando that his hidden danger had been solved.
兰道惊讶无比，忙弄了个结界，低声问他详细，尤其何谓解决八成。
Landau was extremely surprised, and hurriedly made an enchantment, and asked him in a low voice for details, especially what it meant to solve the eighty percent.
“还有两成关系到母体。小叶子还有一位师父提到……”
"There are also two percent related to the mother. Xiao Yezi also had a master who mentioned ......"
“什么？他还有一位师父？！”兰道震惊。 "What? He still has a master?! Landau was shocked.
幸好兰道事先弄了个结界，否则非惊动其他人不可。 Luckily, Landau had made an enchantment beforehand, otherwise he would have had to alarm the others.
雷木干咳：“这事以后让小叶子跟你们解释，我们先说这个母体……”
Lei Mu coughed dryly: "Let Xiao Yezi explain this to you later, let's talk about this mother first......"
兰道和雷木这边说话并没有引起其他人注意，注意了也听不到他们在说什么。
Landau and Reimu didn't attract the attention of the others, and if they did, they couldn't hear what they were saying.
闻笛就看某个花心小鬼来到了他身边，同样拿出了一个小袋子。
Wen Di saw a certain little ghost come to him, and also took out a small bag.
“你这算是雨露均沾？” "Are you even wet with rain and dew?"
“哈？”王叶呆滞脸，表示没听懂。 "Huh?" Wang Ye's face was sluggish, indicating that he didn't understand.
你不懂才怪！闻笛好气又好笑地抢过小袋子，轻轻踢了这个狡猾小鬼一脚：“还不快点进去！就等你了。”
It's strange if you don't understand! Wen Di angrily and funny snatched the small bag and gently kicked the cunning little ghost: "Don't hurry up and get in!" It's waiting for you. ”
王叶一个踉跄，抓着前面雷木的衣服后摆，摔进了传送魔镜里。
Wang Ye stumbled, grabbed the back hem of Lei Mu's clothes in front of him, and fell into the teleportation magic mirror.
唉，师父太多，也很要徒弟的命啊。 Alas, there are too many masters, and they also want the lives of their apprentices.
王叶此时还没看到课程表，不知道更要命的还在后面。 Wang Ye hadn't seen the class schedule at this time, and he didn't know that the worse was still to come.
大比会场。 Dabi venue.
原本以为某人九成不会来参加最后一场比试了，结果他又冒了出来。
I thought that someone would not come to the last competition, but he came out again.
众人见陨星校队里竟然出现了小叶子的身影，小叶子看起来还很健康的样子，都很惊讶。好多人还特地站起来踮起脚尖伸头往陨星的方向望。
Everyone was surprised to see that Xiao Yezi appeared in the Meteorite School Team, and Xiao Ye looked very healthy. Many people also stood up on tiptoe and stretched out their heads to look in the direction of the meteorite.
“小叶子在哪里？” "Where's Little Leaf?"
“那边，看到没有！就在他大哥身边。” "Over there, see it! Right next to his big brother. ”
“看到了！他看起来真不像是中了千木之毒的样子。” "See! He really didn't look like he had been poisoned by a thousand trees. ”
“也许陨星那边有办法帮他压制吧，昨天他没出现，应该就是毒发，然后他们学校就想办法帮他压制了。正好闻笛教授也去了陨星，肯定也出了一把力。”
"Maybe there is a way for Meteorite to help him suppress it, he didn't show up yesterday, it should be poison hair, and then their school will find a way to help him suppress it. It just so happened that Professor Wendi also went to the meteorite, so he must have made a contribution. ”
“唉，希望小叶子没事。” "Alas, I hope Xiaoyezi is okay."
陨星的人一路走过来，深深感受到了小叶子现在的人气有多高，尤其是在城里逛过的学校教职工们，他们走到哪儿都能听到有人在提小叶子的名字。
The people of Meteorite walked all the way and deeply felt how popular Xiao Ye was now, especially the school staff who had visited the city, and they could hear someone mentioning Xiao Yezi's name everywhere they went.
这让陨星的人既骄傲又担心，也把学生们看得更严，严格要求他们不准离开校队范围，尤其不准私自单独行动，如果有出门的需要，必须和学校护卫申请，由护卫们同行才可以。
This made the people of Meteor both proud and worried, and also looked at the students more strictly, strictly requiring them not to leave the school team, especially not to act alone, if there is a need to go out, they must apply with the school guards, and the guards can go with them.
陨星的学生对这样严格的要求倒是接受良好，有些往年参加过大比的学长会告诉后辈，这并不是今年特例。
The students of Meteorite have accepted such strict requirements well, and some seniors who have participated in the big competition in previous years will tell their juniors that this is not a special case this year.
举办地点并不是处处都安全，有的是学校和学校关系不太好，有的涉及到种族仇视，有的是地域问题，最大的问题是有些浑水摸鱼的邪恶超凡者会暗中掳掠各校天才学生。
The venue is not safe everywhere, some schools do not have a good relationship with each other, some involve racial hatred, some are regional issues, and the biggest problem is that some evil transcendents who fish in troubled waters will secretly abduct talented students from various schools.
以前各大学校都吃过亏，有的学生被及时找回来了，但有的学生就真的怎么都找不回来，或找到时人已经毁了。
In the past, all major schools have suffered losses, and some students have been found in time, but some students really can't be found at all, or they have been destroyed when they are found.
这不是各大学校和六大公会实力不强，而是面对一群阴险还有实力的小人实在是防不胜防。
It's not that the major schools and the six guilds are not strong, but it's really unguardable in the face of a group of insidious and powerful villains.
那些人渣就像地沟里的老鼠，总是消灭不完，他们更有着重重身份伪装，让你查都查不过来。
Those scum are like rats in the gutter, they can never be eliminated, and they have a lot of identity disguises, so you can't find them.
甚至这些组织中的某些人还掌握了变形术一类的魔法，或本身能力就是这个，一旦他们变成学校教授和工作人员，单独把学生找到一边说话，学生能不上当吗？
Even some of the people in these organizations have mastered magic such as Transfiguration, or their own abilities are this, once they become school professors and staff, can they find the students alone and talk to them, can the students not be fooled?
双月布鲁校长上台讲话，会场逐渐安静下来。 Principal Biyue Blue took the stage to speak, and the venue gradually fell silent.
重视的天才学生出丑和学校的天才教授离职这两件事似乎并没有影响到这位校长。他在台上侃侃而谈，重点提到这场卷轴比试作为压轴，会有些特别的地方。
The scandal of the gifted student and the departure of the school's gifted professor did not seem to have affected the principal. He talked eloquently on stage, emphasizing that this reel competition as the finale will have something special.
“至于如何特别，诸位进入比试现场自然就会明白。下面，有请诸位参赛者进入幻境考场！”
"As for how special it is, you will naturally understand when you enter the competition site. Now, I would like to invite all the contestants to enter the Fantasy Exam Room! ”
王叶蹦起来，和另外两名陨星参赛生一起走上舞台。 Wang Ye jumped up and walked onto the stage with the other two meteorite contestants.
闻笛今天也坐到了陨星的看台，不过他穿了一件能遮挡全身的黑袍。
Wen Di also sat in the stands of the meteorite today, but he wore a black robe that could cover his whole body.
如果特别仔细观察的人，就会发现雷木身后原本只有两个黑袍人，今天却变成了三位。
If you observe people very carefully, you will find that there were originally only two black-robed people behind Lei Mu, but today they have become three.
“那小子提过你很多次。我一直在想到底是谁这么厉害竟然调教出了这么一个小东西。”虫老忽然低声道。
"That kid mentioned you many times. I've been wondering who is so good at training such a small thing. The worm elder suddenly whispered.
“我知道您老想问什么。”闻笛打开小袋子，用魔法让里面只有拇指大的小巧生煎包飘出来，张嘴咬住。
"I know what you're always trying to ask." Wen Di opened the small bag, and used magic to make the small fried bun that was only the size of a thumb float out, and opened his mouth to bite it.
虫老忍不住也打开了自己那个袋子。 The worm couldn't help but open his bag as well.
兰道凑趣地拿出三个盘子：“来来来，我们看看是不是同一个口味。”
Landau playfully took out three plates: "Come on, let's see if it's the same taste." ”
三位大佬跟小孩一样，真的把自己袋子中的东西倒出来，还互相比较。
The three big guys, like children, really poured out the contents of their bags and compared them with each other.
“不一样，还算用心。” "It's different, it's quite attentive."
“交换着尝尝？” "Swap and taste?"
“好啊。” "Okay."
三位大佬就着某个小兔崽子亲手做的小点心，边吃边聊。
The three bigwigs chatted while eating a small snack made by a little rabbit cub.
闻笛：“我确实不可能把小叶子调教到这种程度。小叶子有过一些比较奇特的奇遇，效果类似一梦千年的秘境，非常真实，宛如真的过了一生。”
Wen Di: "It's really impossible for me to train Xiaoye to this extent. Xiao Yezi has had some more peculiar adventures, the effect is similar to a dream of a thousand years of secret realm, very real, as if he really lived a lifetime. ”
虫老和兰道表情并不是很惊讶，他们之前就有所猜测，现在只不过肯定了这点。
Worm Elder and Landau weren't very surprised, they had guessed before, and now they just affirmed it.
兰道忽然道：“小叶子还藏了一个师父。” Lan Dao suddenly said: "Xiao Yezi also hides a master. ”
虫老和闻笛取小食的手齐齐一顿。 The worm elder and the hand that sniffed the flute and took the snack were all in unison.
幻境考场里，王叶忽然打了个寒颤。 In the illusion examination room, Wang Ye suddenly shuddered.
王叶摩擦手臂，看到竖起的汗毛，顿觉不妙。 Wang Ye rubbed his arm, and when he saw the hair standing up, he suddenly felt bad.
他的直觉告诉他，好像有什么不祥的事就要发生了，或者已经发生？
His instincts told him that something ominous was about to happen, or had already happened?
这个冥冥中的提醒让王叶越发小心。 This reminder made Wang Ye more and more careful.
这场卷轴比试恐怕不简单。 I'm afraid this reel competition will not be easy.
陨星参赛生桑敏拉着另一名好友诺兰靠近王叶，一边打量周围，一边跟他说道：“这里有点诡异啊。小叶子你觉着是个什么情况？”
Sang Min, a Meteorite participant, pulled another friend, Nolan, closer to Wang Ye, and said to him while looking around, "It's a little weird here." Xiaoyezi, what do you think of the situation? ”
桑敏十七，诺兰十九，两人都是五年级生，但两人却明显要以九岁的王叶为主，而观众们包括陨星自己人竟然也没谁觉得有什么不对劲。
Sang Min is seventeen, Nolan is nineteen, both of them are fifth-graders, but the two of them are obviously dominated by the nine-year-old Wang Ye, and no one in the audience, including Meteor himself, thinks anything is wrong.
王叶也在打量周围环境。 Wang Ye was also looking at his surroundings.
其实他们现在待的地方很美，可以说是最美的一个幻境考场了。
In fact, the place they are staying in now is very beautiful, and it can be said that it is the most beautiful fantasy examination room.
可是就因为太美丽，反而让人感到一种说不出的虚假和诡异。
But because it's so beautiful, it makes people feel an indescribable falsehood and weirdness.
他们身处在一片看不到尽头的花海中。 They are in a sea of flowers with no end in sight.
蓝天，白云，轻风，浓郁的花香，整个幻境美好得让人沉醉。
The blue sky, white clouds, light breeze, and the rich fragrance of flowers, the whole fantasy is so beautiful that people are intoxicated.
“没有蜜蜂和蝴蝶。”王叶道。 "There are no bees and butterflies." Wang Ye said.
桑敏和诺兰立刻警醒，“对！你没说，我们差点没注意。”
Sang Min and Nolan immediately woke up, "Yes! You didn't say it, we almost didn't pay attention. ”
“不但没有蜜蜂和蝴蝶，也没有鸟雀，没有虫子，也看不到其他动物。这里绝对不对劲！”桑敏神色凝重。
"There were no bees and butterflies, no birds, no bugs, and no other animals. Something is absolutely wrong here! Sang Min's expression was solemn.
诺兰做手势，他是个哑巴，特别帅气的哑巴。 Nolan gestured, he was a mute, a particularly handsome mute.
桑敏和他入学就认识，两人关系特别好，桑敏还为了和诺兰做朋友，特意去学了手语。
Sang Min and he have known each other since they entered school, and the relationship between the two is very good, and Sang Min also went to learn sign language in order to be friends with Nolan.
桑敏看到诺兰手势，跟王叶解说：“诺兰说这片花海会不会就是我们制作卷轴的原材料？”
Sang Min saw Nolan's gesture and explained to Wang Ye: "Nolan said that this sea of flowers will be the raw material for us to make scrolls?" ”
不止诺兰一个人想到这点，其他参赛生也有不少人想到，有些人已经开始尝试分辨和采集花海中的植物。
Nolan is not the only one who thinks of this, but many of the other participants have also thought that some of them have begun to try to identify and collect plants in the sea of flowers.
王叶却示意桑敏和诺兰暂时不要动手，“我也说不清楚，但……先看看其他人的情况。”
Wang Ye motioned to Sang Min and Nolan not to do it for the time being, "I can't say clearly, but ...... Let's take a look at the other people's situation first. ”
桑敏和诺兰同意了。 Sanmin and Nolan agreed.
有些学校的参赛生一直在偷偷注意观察陨星这边的行动，见他们站在原地，既没有去附近探查，也没有去采集那些植物，略略思考后，他们也采取了按兵不动先观察的姿态。
Some of the participating students had been secretly observing the movements of the meteorite, and when they saw that they were standing in place, they did not go to the vicinity to explore or collect the plants, and after a little thought, they also took the posture of observing first.
就这么过了五分钟，周围什么事也没有发生，那些已经开始动手收集材料的人也没有遇到任何危险。
Five minutes passed like this, nothing was happening around, and those who had already begun to collect materials were not in any danger.
于是越来越多参赛生认为这片花海就是给予他们的卷轴制作材料，如果再不采集就来不及了。
As a result, more and more students think that this sea of flowers is the material given to them to make scrolls, and it will be too late if they don't collect them.
眼看周围动手的人越来越多，桑敏有点站不住了，不住看向诺兰和王叶。
Seeing that there were more and more people around him, Sang Min couldn't stand still and couldn't help but look at Nolan and Wang Ye.
诺兰对桑敏打手势，让他再等等。 Nolan gestured to Sang Min and told him to wait.
就在桑敏再也忍不住就要冲旁边的花朵下手时，就听小叶子突然厉喝一声：“醒过来！这是卷轴世界！”
Just when Sang Min couldn't help it anymore and was about to attack the flowers next to him, he heard Xiao Yezi suddenly shout: "Wake up!" It's the world of reels! ”
随着小叶子一声喝，桑敏和诺兰都是一惊，他们再看周围，就发现小叶子不见了。
As Xiao Yezi drank, Sang Min and Nolan were shocked, and when they looked around again, they found that Xiao Yezi was gone.
场外观众就听到旁白解说声：“陨星小叶子第一个堪破卷轴世界陷阱，加十分，进入第二关。”
The audience outside the audience heard the narrator's voice: "Meteorite Xiaoye is the first to break through the trap of the scroll world, add ten points, and enter the second level." ”
而留在卷轴世界的参赛生们，有人被王叶的厉喝惊醒，但凡是去采集植物的人都发现他们的脚被植物的根茎缠住了。
As for the contestants who stayed in the scroll world, some were awakened by Wang Ye's loud drink, but everyone who went to collect plants found that their feet were entangled in the rhizomes of plants.
他们想要脱离这个卷轴世界，还得想办法。 If they want to get out of this scroll world, they have to find a way.
桑敏和诺兰等还没有动手的人则是纷纷使用破除卷轴困境的法术，基本上只要达到三级的人都能破开这个卷轴困境离开。
Sang Min and Nolan and other people who haven't done it yet have used spells to break the scroll dilemma, and basically anyone who has reached level 3 can break the scroll dilemma and leave.
王叶脚一落地就发现周围的环境貌似有点熟悉。 As soon as Wang Ye's feet landed, he found that the surrounding environment seemed to be a little familiar.
抬头就看到一座高高的宝塔型建筑，再往宝塔对面看，看到了一只巨大的石雕飞龙。
When I looked up, I saw a tall pagoda-shaped building, and then I looked across the pagoda and saw a huge stone carving dragon.
这是一座城堡。 It's a castle.
王叶现在就站在城堡和护城河中间的一道石桥上。 Wang Ye was now standing on a stone bridge between the castle and the moat.
见鬼！这不是他上辈子刷过的一个副本吗？ Damn it! Isn't this a copy he'd swiped in his previous life?
而且是个低级副本，十五级就可以就进入。 And it's a low-level dungeon, you can enter it at level fifteen.
这个副本还是个玩家必刷的定点副本，触发条件特别简单，也能通过游戏面板花上一百经验值直接选择这个副本地点进入。
This quest is also a fixed-point quest that players must farm, and the trigger conditions are particularly simple, and you can also directly select this quest location through the game panel for a hundred experience points.
而这个副本之所以被玩家青睐，就是因为这个副本难度不高，给出的奖励却很不错，而且能在这里学到魔法和卷轴知识。
And the reason why this quest is favored by players is because it is not very difficult, but the rewards given are very good, and you can learn magic and scroll knowledge here.
好吧，他有点明白他为什么会被扔到这里来了。 Well, he kind of understood why he was thrown here.
但是那正等在城堡门口的五个地球玩家是怎么回事？ But what happened to the five Earth players waiting at the gate of the castle?
他眼力很好，那五个玩家距离他也不远，他们手背上的蓝星群岛标记，他看得清清楚楚。
He had good eyesight, and the five players weren't far from him, and he could see the Blue Star Islands marker on the back of their hands.
所以这场比试要和玩家一起吗？ So is this competition going to be with the players?
他们这些参赛者是什么？副本中的NPC？ What are these contestants? NPCs in the dungeon?
王叶简直要为大赛的狗策划鼓掌，真他么会玩！ Wang Ye is almost going to applaud the dog planning of the competition, how can he play!
一边口吐芳言，王叶一边迅速回忆这个副本的相关信息。
While spitting out words, Wang Ye quickly recalled the relevant information of this copy.
如果单从比赛模式来看，这个副本确实很适合作为卷轴比试的考场。
Judging from the competition mode alone, this copy is indeed very suitable as an exam room for reel competitions.
该副本叫做《爱学习的洛赫拉子爵》，顾名思义，这名子爵真的超爱学习，而这座城堡就是他的领地、他的家、他的魔法塔。
This copy is called "Viscount Lochra who loves to learn", as the name suggests, this viscount really loves to learn, and this castle is his territory, his home, his magic tower.
你来到这里，就得跟子爵一样热爱学习，学不好你就得接受惩罚。
When you come here, you have to love learning as much as the Viscount, and if you don't learn well, you will have to be punished.
而洛赫拉讨厌一切懒惰和不爱学习的人，视这种人为废物。
And Lochra hates all those who are lazy and don't like to learn, and regard them as human waste.
子爵的口头禅就是：废物没有存在的价值！ The Viscount's mantra is: waste has no value in existence!
从城堡大门开始，玩家就会遇到一个接一个试题，几乎都与卷轴相关。
From the castle gates, players will encounter one test after another, almost all of which are related to the scrolls.
玩家不懂卷轴怎么办？ What should players do if they don't understand reels?
从头开始学呗。学不懂就刷不过。 Learn from scratch. If you don't understand it, you can't brush it.
这也是玩家爱来这个副本的缘故，大家都当做来学习了。就是代价比较大，一旦死亡就会掉一级。
This is also the reason why players love to come to this dungeon, and everyone should learn from it. It's just that the cost is relatively large, and once you die, you will drop one level.
所以很多玩家都是在外面拼命做任务升级，然后来刷这个副本，学会一点卷轴知识，不小心在某个关卡死掉，然后掉级，再回去刷任务升级，然后再来。
So many players are out there desperately doing quest upgrades, and then come to brush this dungeon, learn a little reel knowledge, accidentally die in a certain level, and then drop the level, and then go back to brush the quest to level up, and then come back.
这个副本因此也被戏称为升降机副本。 This quest is therefore also jokingly referred to as the Lift quest.
现在王叶不清楚的是，他们这些参赛者是要跟玩家一样去做题、刷这座城堡，还是有另外的角色任务。
What Wang Ye doesn't know now is whether these contestants want to do the same problems and brush this castle like the players, or if they have other character tasks.
可惜周围再也没有其他参赛者让他观察，他得自己上了。
It's a pity that there are no other contestants around for him to observe, so he has to go on his own.
王叶迈开脚步，走向那五名玩家。 Wang Ye stepped forward and walked towards the five players.
“那是NPC吧？” "That's an NPC, right?"
“肯定是啊。” "Definitely."
“她走过来了，哇，好小。等等，你们不觉得这个小女孩很眼熟吗？”
"She came over and came over, wow, so small. Wait, don't you think this little girl looks familiar? ”
“哇！我知道了，她是小叶子！我看过那个大比资料片，她就是那个超级小天才陨星的小叶子！”
"Wow! I see, she's a little leaf! I've seen that Dabi expansion, and she's the little leaf of that super genius meteor! ”
几个二十岁以下的玩家开心得都要蹦起来，那眼神完全就是看到活生生二次元宝宝的眼神。
Several players under the age of twenty were so happy that they were about to jump up, and that look was exactly the same as seeing a living two-dimensional baby.
第236章 拖后腿 Chapter 236: Holding Back
刚接近玩家，王叶就听到了旁白声。 As soon as he approached the player, Wang Ye heard the voice of narration.
“请注意！参赛者在幻境考场发现了一群外来的求学者，请参赛者帮助这些求学者通关这座城堡。”
"Please note! The contestants find a group of foreign seekers in the Fantasy Exam Room and ask them to help them clear the castle. ”
“从现在开始，这些求学者将成为你的伙伴，他们将和你一起通关答题，而你会成为他们的指导者和领路者。”
"From now on, these students will be your partners, they will work with you to solve the questions, and you will be their guide and guide."
“求学者每通关一题，可给指导者加一分。如求学者回答不出问题，请指导者给予帮忙。如果求学者没能通关，指导者会被扣一分。”
“求学者一共五人，如果五名求学者全部没能通关，负责指导的参赛者也将回到城堡门口，重新带领新的求学者进入城堡。”
王叶听完旁白指示，脑中哐当就出现一句话：拖后腿的来了！
这下好了，一带五，还是带五个对卷轴很可能一窍不通的真小白，通关难度直接翻了五倍。
太狠了！狗策划真的太狠了。
可惜他上辈子没有仔细看这个大比的相关资料片，也不知道这一关原本就是这样，还是这辈子有了新的变化。
这明显是在借大比参赛者来指点和教导玩家们学习卷轴知识，并帮助他们获得城堡中的奖励。
This is clearly a reference to the Dabi contestants to guide and teach the players about the scrolls and help them earn the rewards in the castle.
回想上辈子的副本，他也接触过类似的任务，不过那时他的身份是求学者，而身边负责指导他们的NPC被玩家们当成了指路NPC，比起跟NPC学习，他们更在乎如何通关。另外他们还有额外的任务，就是需要保护指路NPC。
Looking back at the dungeons in his previous life, he had been exposed to similar quests, but at that time he was a scholar, and the NPCs around him who were responsible for guiding them were regarded by the players as guiding NPCs, and they cared more about how to clear the level than learning from them. In addition, they have the additional task of protecting the NPCs for guidance.
他还记得当时不得不保护指路NPC的心情，真的是特别烦。
He still remembers the feeling of having to protect the NPC who guided the way, which was really annoying.
现在想想，说不定那些指路NPC看到他们这些求学者，心里也是特别烦，并且百分百把他们当做拖后腿的了。
Now that I think about it, maybe those guiding NPCs are also very annoyed when they see them as scholars, and they are 100% regarded as dragging their feet.
王叶看向那些玩家，就见他们面色怔忪，显然也在听任务提醒。
Wang Ye looked at those players and saw that their faces were stunned, obviously listening to the task reminder.
说到任务提醒，王叶也收到了来自游戏系统的任务要求。
Speaking of task reminders, Wang Ye also received a task request from the game system.
【任务发布：玩家隔壁小王发现了洛赫拉子爵的城堡，这里也是他的魔法塔，洛赫拉子爵是一位极爱学习的人，来到这里的人必须拥有一颗积极向上虔诚学习的心，通关子爵的城堡，奖励经验值一万点。】
[Task release: The player next door Xiao Wang discovered the castle of Viscount Lohra, which is also his magic tower, Viscount Lohra is a person who loves to learn, and those who come here must have a positive and pious heart to learn, clear the castle of the Viscount, and reward experience worth 10,000 points. 】
【任务发布：玩家隔壁小王如得到子爵的认可，获得子爵馈赠的“学习的心”，将额外得到经验值十万点奖励。】
[Task Release: If the player's next door Xiao Wang is recognized by the Viscount and obtains the "Heart of Learning" gifted by the Viscount, he will be rewarded with an additional 100,000 experience points. 】
【任务发布：玩家隔壁小王非正常途径进入本副本，成为特殊任务者，不能和任何玩家组队。现在，玩家隔壁小王的身份是玩家们的指导者“卷轴专家小叶子”，请玩家隔壁小王在通关过程中尽量保护自己的伙伴，每有一名伙伴通关，隔壁小王可额外获得经验值五万点奖励。】
[Quest Release: The player next door Xiao Wang enters this dungeon through an abnormal way and becomes a special tasker, and cannot team up with any player. Now, the identity of the player next door is the player's mentor "Scroll Expert Xiao Yezi", please ask the player next door Xiao Wang to try to protect his partner in the process of clearing the customs, each partner clears the customs, the next door Xiao Wang can get an additional experience value of 50,000 points reward. 】
“嗨，小叶子你好啊。”玩家们这边也听完了自己的任务内容，笑嘻嘻地跟王叶挥手。
"Hi, hello little leaf." The players also listened to the content of their tasks and waved to Wang Ye with a smile.
王叶听到他们叫出自己的名字，猜测应该是游戏系统告诉他们的，幸好不是直接告诉他们，他就是隔壁小王。
Wang Ye heard them call out their names, guessing that it should be the game system telling them, but fortunately, he didn't tell them directly, he was Xiao Wang next door.
王叶现在还没有意识到，小叶子这个角色现在在玩家中的名气有多高。
Wang Ye still hasn't realized how famous the character of Xiao Yezi is among players now.
“小叶子，我可以抱抱你吗？”一名玩家伸出手，满脸都是喜欢的神色。
"Little leaf, can I hug you?" A player holds out his hand with a look of affection on his face.
“不能，我身上有毒，碰到我，你们会死。”王叶特别正经脸地说。
"No, I'm poisonous, and if you touch me, you'll die." Wang Ye said with a very serious face.
“啊……”五名玩家一起发出了可惜的声音。 "Ah......h
“时间有限，我们赶紧通关，速度！”多说多错，为了确保玩家身份不暴露，王叶决定一路多做事少说话。
"Time is limited, let's hurry up and clear the customs, speed!" In order to ensure that the player's identity is not exposed, Wang Ye decided to do more things and talk less along the way.
玩家们看小叶子似乎有点冷漠的样子，也没怎么在意。他们眼中的游戏人物小叶子就是这么一个超级酷帅超级天才的小女孩。如果小叶子对他们很热情，他们才会惊讶。
The players looked at Xiao Ye as if they were a little indifferent, and they didn't pay much attention to it. In their eyes, the game character Xiao Yezi is such a super cool, handsome, super genius little girl. If Xiao Yezi is enthusiastic about them, they will be surprised.
这五个玩家年龄都不大，貌似还是同学，嘻嘻哈哈地跟在小叶子身后，来到了紧闭的城堡大门前。
The five players were not very old, and they seemed to be classmates, and they followed Xiao Yezi with a grin and came to the closed gate of the castle.
王叶正在观察城堡大门要如何打开，就听到一道严厉的男子声音响起：“想要进我的城堡，就让我看看你们够不够资格。参照我给出的指导图，绘制一份一级的开门卷轴，限时十分钟。时间到，卷轴没能绘制完成，死！”
Wang Ye was observing how the gate of the castle was going to be opened, when he heard a stern man's voice sound: "If you want to enter my castle, let me see if you are qualified." Refer to the guide map I gave and draw a first-level open-door scroll with a time limit of ten minutes. When the time is up, the reels are not finished, die! ”
唰，城堡大门前出现了六张空白卷轴，和六份卷轴墨水，以及六支卷轴笔。
Well, six blank scrolls appeared in front of the castle gates, along with six copies of scroll ink, and six scroll pens.
王叶询问他们：“你们谁会绘制开门卷轴？” Wang Ye asked them, "Which of you will draw the scroll that opens the door?" ”
五名玩家一起摇头，他们是第一次刷这个副本，卷轴什么都没有接触过。
The five players shook their heads together, they were farming this dungeon for the first time, and the scroll had not touched anything.
王叶明白了，这就表示他要在十分钟内，一个人绘制六张一级开门卷轴。
Wang Ye understood, which meant that he would draw six first-level open-door scrolls by himself within ten minutes.
就在这时，大门发出亮光，出现一名三十多岁、身穿魔法师衣袍的男子的幻影，他正面面对众人，手中拿着卷轴笔，开始一边讲解开门卷轴的基本绘制方法，一边绘制卷轴。
At this moment, the gate glowed, and the apparition of a man in his thirties, dressed in a magician's robe, faced the crowd head-on, holding a scroll pen in his hand, and began to draw the scroll while explaining the basic drawing method of opening the door scroll.
王叶见五名玩家还在互看，头疼：“注意幻影！这是你们学习卷轴的最好机会。如果你们有魔影石之类的魔器，就拍下来。”
Wang Ye saw that the five players were still looking at each other, and he had a headache: "Pay attention to the phantom!" This is your best chance to learn the scrolls. If you have a magic weapon like a Shadow Stone, take a picture. ”
游戏系统面板中有拍摄功能，王叶怕这些玩家想不起来，就提醒了一句。
There is a shooting function in the game system panel, and Wang Ye was afraid that these players would not be able to remember, so he reminded him.
五名玩家赶紧抬头看向大门上的幻影，有玩家反应过来，忙打开拍摄功能。
The five players hurriedly looked up at the phantom on the gate, and some players reacted and hurriedly turned on the shooting function.
幻影讲解和绘制卷轴的过程很快，两分钟不到就结束了。
The process of apparition explaining and drawing the scroll was quick, and it was over in less than two minutes.
而王叶在这个过程中已经完成了自己的那份开门卷轴。 And Wang Ye has completed his share of the open-door scroll in the process.
“学会了吗？”王叶问玩家们。 "Did you learn?" Wang Ye asked the players.
玩家们面面相觑，整个过程他们看得云里雾里，好像会了，但拿起笔完全不知道该如何下手。
The players looked at each other, and the whole process seemed to be foggy, but they didn't know how to start when they picked up the pen.
有玩家打算照着幻影中显示出来的开门卷轴照葫芦画瓢。
Some players plan to draw a scoop according to the door opening scroll shown in the apparition.
王叶一看这几名玩家的架势，立刻阻止了他们。绘制错了可是立刻死！
Wang Ye saw the posture of these players and immediately stopped them. If you make a mistake, you will die immediately!
如果是普通玩法，这几名玩家只怕在城堡门口就会死上几次，直到他们通过反复地观看幻影，终于学会一级开门卷轴的制作。
If it were a normal game, these players would have died a few times at the gate of the castle, until they finally learned how to make a first-level door opening scroll by watching the apparitions repeatedly.
当然也有对卷轴特别有天赋的玩家，或者精神力特别强、记忆力特别好、脑子也特别好的玩家，他们看完一遍，说不定就能成功绘制出开门卷轴。
Of course, there are also players who are particularly talented with scrolls, or players who have a particularly strong mental strength, a particularly good memory, and a particularly good brain, and they may be able to successfully draw an open-door scroll after reading it once.
可王叶怎么看这些笑嘻嘻满不在乎的年轻玩家们，都看不出他们中谁对卷轴特别有天赋。
But no matter how Wang Ye looked at these young players who were smiling and not caring, he couldn't tell which of them was particularly talented for scrolls.
他可是来参加卷轴比试的，不可能真的陪这些玩家玩耍一般的学习。
He's here to participate in the reeling competition, so it's impossible to really play with these players.
王叶想明白这点，迅速重新给自己定位，那就是一带五，先把人带着通关再说，至于玩家们如何学习卷轴，则可以通过得到的奖励来学习。
Wang Ye wanted to understand this, and quickly repositioned himself, that is, a belt of five, first take people to clear the level, as for how players learn the scrolls, they can learn through the rewards they get.
这样还能减少玩家死亡掉级反复做任务的时间。 This also reduces the amount of time players spend dying and leveling up and doing tasks repeatedly.
他想这大概也是他们这些参赛者出现在这里的原因。 He thought that was probably why they were here.
就是不知道其他参赛者能不能立刻想明白这点，如果不能，他们真的等这些玩家先学习再自己绘制，那通关就别想了，也别指望能拿到多少分数。
I just don't know if the other contestants can figure this out right away, and if they can't, they really wait for these players to learn first and then draw on their own, then don't think about clearing the level, and don't expect to get many points.
这时比试场外观众们的意见也很大，他们都觉得这次的比试不但难度大，似乎也不太公平。
At this time, the audience outside the competition hall also had a lot of opinions, and they all felt that this competition was not only difficult, but also seemed to be unfair.
就只指导的求学者的水平不一样，带来的结果就会大不相同。
Even if the level of the students who only guide them is different, the results will be very different.
大约是观众们的反应太大，旁白声再度响起：“运气也是一种实力。我们谁也不知道将来有一天和我们组队的人到底是什么实力，如果只因为队友的实力很弱，我们就难以发挥自己的实力，那么我们真的可以说是强大吗？”
It was about the audience's reaction that was too great, and the narrator's voice sounded again: "Luck is also a kind of strength." None of us know what the strength of the people we team up with one day will be, and if it is difficult for us to play our strength just because our teammates are weak, then can we really say that we are strong? ”
“更不要说，我们有可能带着的不是和我们实力差不多的队友，我们可能会带领一群非超凡者的佣兵，甚至连佣兵都不是，只是一群普通农民等等。”
"Not to mention, we may not be with teammates who are about the same strength as us, we may lead a group of mercenaries who are not extraordinary, not even mercenaries, just a group of ordinary farmers and so on."
“学校从来不希望把学生教成只知道埋头做题的书呆子，学会分析形势，学会观察周围环境，学会观人，学会承担责任，不管你能不能学得会，学校至少要教你去学。”
"The school never wants to teach students to be nerds who only know how to bury their heads in problems, learn to analyze the situation, learn to observe the surrounding environment, learn to observe people, learn to take responsibility, whether you can learn or not, the school must at least teach you to learn."
“这次卷轴考试作为压轴考，我们要选出的是真正的强者。如果参赛者的卷轴实力真的强大，他自然会展现出来。可如果有参赛者因为身边的求学者拖后腿就被影响，那么也说明他的实力并不那么强。”
"As the finale of this reel exam, we have to select the real strong ones. If the contestant's reel strength is really strong, he will naturally show it. But if there are contestants who are affected because the students around him are dragging their feet, then it also means that his strength is not so strong. ”
各校师生和观众们都沉默了。 The teachers, students and spectators of the schools were silent.
其实他们也明白，这种比试方式虽然很可能会影响到一些实力中等和较弱的参赛者，可真正的强者依然会脱颖而出。
In fact, they also understand that although this kind of competition is likely to affect some of the middle and weaker contestants, the real strong ones will still stand out.
就算有参赛者运气特别好，带的五个求学者全都是卷轴天才，甚至那些求学者能反过来带着他飞，但就像旁白声说的，运气也是一种实力。
Even if one of the contestants is particularly lucky, and the five scholars he brings are all scroll geniuses, and even those scholars can fly with him in turn, but as the narrator said, luck is also a kind of strength.
此时，已经有不少参赛者脱离第一关进入了这座城堡。 At this time, many contestants have already escaped the first level and entered the castle.
每个参赛者都遇到了五名求学者，并被要求带着他们一起通关。
Each contestant met five students and was asked to take them along with them.
这些求学者有的是玩家，有的就是场景人物。 Some of these scholars are players, and some are scene characters.
光幕上只显示出了分数排在前十位的参赛者的比试景象，其他人想要看其他参赛者的情况就得使用转播水晶球。
The light curtain only shows the top 10 contestants, and others will have to use a broadcast crystal ball to see what the other contestants are doing.
几乎一半以上的观众都在盯着小叶子看。 Almost more than half of the audience was staring at Xiao Yezi.
城堡大门前。 In front of the castle gates.
“保护我，我来绘制卷轴。如果你们有兴趣，可以看我是怎么绘制的。”王叶道。
"Protect me, I'll draw the scrolls. If you're interested, you can see how I drew it. Wang Ye said.
五名玩家立刻围到了王叶身边，有玩家也对王叶进行了拍摄。
Five players immediately surrounded Wang Ye, and some players also filmed Wang Ye.
王叶也存了一点指点玩家们的心。不过作为玩家，他很清楚，这些玩家要的是城堡给出的卷轴制作讲解魔法书或水晶球，并不会仔细听他讲解。
Wang Ye also had a little bit of guidance to the players. However, as a player, he knew very well that these players wanted a scroll making explanation magic book or a crystal ball from the castle, and would not listen carefully to his explanation.
这是因为玩家们目前为止对这个游戏的概念仍旧延续了以前那种键盘网游，只想通关任务拿经验值和奖励。
This is because the concept of this game is still the same as the previous keyboard online game, and they only want to clear the mission to earn experience points and rewards.
但王叶想到自己上辈子为了学习各种知识付出的代价，还是忍不住提醒道：“多看多记，书本结合实际，会掌握得更快。”
But Wang Ye thought of the price he had paid in his previous life to learn all kinds of knowledge, and he couldn't help but remind: "Read more and remember more, and if you combine books with reality, you will master it faster." ”
“知道啦，小叶子你快点画。”几个玩家开心无比。 "Got it, Xiaoyezi, hurry up and draw." Several players were very happy.
他们这时还不知道这个副本有多么残酷，也是他们运气好，能碰上愿意一带五并且也有能力一带五的王叶，否则这会儿恐怕已经有人躺尸掉级了。
At this time, they didn't know how cruel this copy was, and it was also their luck that they could meet Wang Ye, who was willing to take five and had the ability to take five, otherwise I am afraid that someone would have fallen out of the rank at this time.
王叶迅速绘制第二张卷轴。他见这几个玩家虽然没有人认真看他绘制，但几人摆出了保护他的架势，暗中也点了点头，至少他们是在认真玩游戏。
Wang Ye quickly drew the second scroll. He saw that although none of these players looked at him seriously, several of them put on a posture to protect him, and nodded secretly, at least they were playing the game seriously.
结果刚这么想，王叶刚刚绘制完第三张卷轴时，一转头就看到一名十六七岁的男玩家正拿着卷轴笔，作势要在空白卷轴上进行描绘。
As a result, when Wang Ye had just finished drawing the third scroll, he turned his head and saw a sixteen or seventeen-year-old male player holding a scroll pen, making a gesture to draw on the blank scroll.
“你确定你会了吗？”王叶皱眉询问。 "Are you sure you will?" Wang Ye frowned and asked.
该玩家特别跃跃欲试：“差不多会了，这看起来蛮简单的，我先试试。”
The player was particularly eager to give it a try: "Almost, this seems pretty easy, I'll try it first." ”
“你如果没有确定把握，最好不要下手。”王叶劝阻。 "If you're not sure, it's best not to do it." Wang Ye dissuaded.
男玩家耸肩，满不在乎地道：“行了行了，不就是画个鬼画符嘛，看我的。”
The male player shrugged his shoulders and said nonchalantly: "Okay, okay, isn't it just a ghost drawing, look at me." ”
不知道真实年龄是不是真的只有十六七的男玩家，能看出来是个爱炫耀的性子，他见其他几个美美都盯着他看，特别得意地挥笔就画。
I don't know if the real age is really only sixteen or seventeen male players, I can see that he is a show-off character, he saw several other beauties staring at him, and he painted with a particularly proud stroke.
其他四名玩家也都看表演似的，还拍掌鼓励其。 The other four players also watched the performance and clapped their hands in encouragement.
将心比心，王叶对这名玩家没任何意见，他也爱炫。 Comparing hearts to hearts, Wang Ye has no opinion on this player, and he also loves to show.
但我在比试，你们当玩乐，好想揍人啊。 But I'm trying, you should have fun, you really want to beat people.
王叶现在特别明白上辈子他刷副本时，那些NPC看他的心情了。
Wang Ye now especially understands that when he brushed the dungeon in his previous life, those NPCs looked at his mood.
好吧，他也明白，如果不是他上辈子进游戏时，世间已经有许多关于这个游戏能提高记忆力甚至开发出异能的传闻，并且在在说明这个游戏的技能和知识只能靠自己努力学习，就别想一键学会，他也不会在刚进游戏之初就兢兢业业。
Well, he also understands that if it weren't for the fact that when he entered the game in his previous life, there were already many rumors in the world that this game could improve memory and even develop abilities, and he was explaining that the skills and knowledge of this game could only be learned by himself, so he didn't want to learn it with one click, and he wouldn't have been conscientious at the beginning of the game.
现在《极度危险》这个游戏虽然已经发行一年，但真正意识到这个游戏不凡的人还是不多，有些人意识到了，在没有确凿证据的情况下也不会轻易开口。
Although the game "Extreme Danger" has been released for a year, there are still not many people who really realize that this game is extraordinary, and some people realize that they will not easily open their mouths without hard evidence.
绝大多数人进入这个游戏还是只是为了玩，没人想要进入游戏还费心学习。
The vast majority of people enter this game just to play, and no one wants to enter the game and bother to learn.
明白归明白，但看着这几个玩家如此浪费宝贵的学习机会和时间，他心里还是急。
He understood it, but he was still anxious to see these players wasting such valuable learning opportunities and time.
可作为NPC，他说再多都没用，只会被玩家们当做是游戏场景的必要背景台词。
But as an NPC, he said that no matter how much he said, it would only be used by players as a necessary background line for the game scene.
卷轴绘制完毕，很可惜这名男玩家并不是一名卷轴天才，没能一次就绘制成功。
The scroll was drawn, but unfortunately the male player was not a scroll genius and couldn't draw it in one go.
“你这个蠢货！简直就是在浪费你的人生！去死吧！”城堡大门幻影亮起，幻影中的男子发出怒喝，对着那名男玩家一挥手。
"You idiot! What a waste of your life! Go to hell! The apparition of the castle gate lit up, and the man in the phantom let out an angry shout and waved at the male player.
轰！ Rumble!
男玩家从原地消失，包括那张画错的空白卷轴和墨水及卷轴笔。
The male player disappears from the spot, including the misdrawn blank scroll and the ink and scroll pen.
剩下的四名玩家吓了一跳，万没想到开局就死了一个，他们还没开始打怪呢，怎么现在就死人了？
The remaining four players were startled, they didn't expect to die at the beginning, they haven't started fighting monsters yet, why are they dead now?
王叶平平淡淡地说道：“这里最大的危险就来自于这座城堡的主人，他厌恶一切不爱学习不努力的人，如果你们达不到他的要求，他就会杀死你们。”
Wang Ye said flatly: "The biggest danger here comes from the owner of this castle, he hates all those who don't like to study and don't work hard, if you can't meet his requirements, he will kill you." ”
剩下的四名玩家有三人是女孩子，只有一个是男生。 Three of the remaining four players are girls and only one is a boy.
“好、好可怕。”一名女生抚摸自己胸口，脸色苍白。 "It's good, it's scary." A girl stroked her chest, her face pale.
“不怕，后面听我的就行。从现在开始，绘制卷轴就全部交给我，你们则负责保护我。”王叶把最后一张开门卷轴绘制成功，指了指剩下的墨水和卷轴笔：“收起来吧，这些你们以后也能用得着。”
"Don't be afraid, just listen to me later. From now on, I'll leave all the scrolls to me, and you'll be responsible for protecting me. Wang Ye successfully drew the last scroll that opened the door, and pointed to the remaining ink and scroll pen: "Put it away, you can use these in the future." ”
四名玩家态度瞬间紧张了许多，连忙上前把卷轴笔和墨水都收起来。
现在还没有几个玩家能拥有空间储物工具，他们大多都在身上准备了一个背包和一个腰包。
王叶把五张开门卷轴扔向城堡大门。
城堡大门亮起光芒，把五张卷轴吞下，随即，大门打开。
同时大门门口出现了一个小箱子。 At the same time, a small box appeared at the door of the gate.
王叶指了指小箱子：“里面应该是通关奖励，九成和卷轴知识有关。你们谁有兴趣可以收起来。”
Wang Ye pointed to the small box: "It should be a reward for customs clearance, and ninety percent of it is related to scroll knowledge." Any of you who is interested can put it away. ”
一名年龄较大的女生上前，她大约是推举出来的队长。 An older girl stepped forward, and she was about the elected captain.
女孩打开箱子，从里面拿出五张纸。 The girl opened the box and took out five pieces of paper from it.
“是卷轴制作基础第一篇。”女孩欣喜地道。 "It's the first part of the basics of scroll making." The girl said happily.
“有五张，正好一人一张。”女孩把纸张发给大家。 "There are five, exactly one for each person." The girl handed out the paper to everyone.
王叶随手收起自己的那一张。这个基础篇他用不着，可以拿到交易行卖给玩家。
Wang Ye casually put away his own. He doesn't need this basic chapter, he can take it to the trading house and sell it to players.
“谢谢你啊，小叶子。”一名长相可爱的女生小声感谢道。
"Thank you, little leaf." A cute-looking girl whispered thanks.
王叶摆摆手表示没什么，迈开脚步向敞开的大门走。 Wang Ye waved his hand to indicate that it was nothing, and walked towards the open door.
随后女生又小声说了句：“我很喜欢你拉的二胡，我也是学二胡的，你拉得很棒！”
Then the girl whispered again: "I like your erhu very much, I also learn erhu, you play very well!" ”
王叶一个踉跄。
第237章 通关和困难级
王叶差点以为自己的玩家身份已经给人认出来，但仔细看那女孩的神色明显不是那么回事。
Wang Ye almost thought that his identity as a player had been recognized, but looking closely at the girl's expression, it was obviously not like that.
王叶暗中吁了口气，现在他只能希望玩家们都以为二胡这种乐器在双月星也有，毕竟两个世界相似的东西还是挺多的。
Wang Ye sighed secretly, now he can only hope that players will think that the erhu is also a musical instrument in Shuangyuexing, after all, there are still a lot of similar things between the two worlds.
以后一定要更小心一些了。 You have to be more careful in the future.
接下来的闯关过程，王叶的话语变得越发稀少，能不说话就不说话。
In the next passing process, Wang Ye's words became more and more rare, and he didn't speak without speaking.
四名玩家也不再做自己去尝试制作卷轴的傻事，完全就把自己的份都丢给了王叶。
The four players also stopped doing the stupid thing of trying to make scrolls on their own, and completely lost their share to Wang Ye.
另外一名死回去的玩家第二天看到这段资料片，心中苦闷无处发泄，在论坛中哀哀悲喊：想当年我也可以躺赢，可我的愚蠢毁掉了一切，我发誓以后一定谦虚做人。
Another player who died back saw this expansion the next day, and his heart was depressed and had nowhere to vent, and he screamed in the forum: I thought I could have won lying down back then, but my stupidity ruined everything, and I swore that I would be humble in the future.
底下一片哈哈嘲笑声。 There was laughter below.
而那四名玩家也被称为最幸运玩家，成为了这个升降机副本出现以后唯四个能一次性过关的牛人。
And those four players are also known as the luckiest players, becoming the only four bulls who can pass the level at one time after the appearance of this elevator dungeon.
当然，牛的不是他们，是小叶子。 Of course, it's not them who are cows, it's small leaves.
还有无数玩家羡慕这四人能和小叶子接触，他们也好想让小叶子带着躺赢。
There are also countless players who envy these four people for being able to contact Xiao Yezi, and they really want Xiao Ye to lie down and win.
实际上，因为带着这四个人，王叶差点没能通关这个副本。
In fact, because of these four people, Wang Ye almost failed to clear this dungeon.
每个关卡都给了十分钟的绘制卷轴的时间。 Each level is given ten minutes to draw the reels.
王叶一个人要完成五份，也就是他一张卷轴只有两分钟的绘制时间。
Wang Ye had to complete five copies alone, that is, he only had two minutes to draw a scroll.
卷轴如果非常熟悉的话，画起来确实可以飞快，绝对比炼金炼药魔法阵之类的快多了，但前提是你得熟悉。
If the scroll is very familiar, it can indeed be drawn quickly, definitely much faster than the alchemy alchemy magic array and the like, but the premise is that you have to be familiar with it.
而且卷轴制作有个特点，那就是必须一气呵成，不能半途停下来。
And there is a characteristic of reel making, that is, it must be done in one go, and it cannot be stopped halfway.
一旦绘制错误，连修改的可能性都没有。 Once you make a mistake, there is no possibility of even changing it.
可连续过了两道关卡后，难度提升了，不止要绘制卷轴，还得自己调配墨水。
However, after passing two levels in a row, the difficulty increases, and not only do you have to draw scrolls, but you also have to mix ink yourself.
这就很花时间了。 It's going to take a lot of time.
王叶差点没能在十分钟内完成五张卷轴。 Wang Ye almost failed to complete five scrolls in ten minutes.
玩家们也非常紧张，不过他们已经做好很可能会死上几遍的可能。但只要有可能，谁想死出去？
The players are also very nervous, but they are prepared for the possibility that they will die several times. But who wants to die if they can?
王叶为了不让这些玩家打架，绘制卷轴的次序也是轮流来。
In order to prevent these players from fighting, Wang Ye also took turns in drawing the scrolls.
每次被排到最后一个的玩家都是一身冷汗，就怕小叶子赶不及绘制。
Every time the player who is ranked last is in a cold sweat, I am afraid that Xiao Ye will not be able to draw it in time.
王叶眼看这样下去不行，目前为止，最难的不过是二级卷轴，但随着深入城堡，关卡难度也会不断增加，他有自信在时限内做自己的一份肯定没问题，但如果一次性做上五份，还要调配墨水、寻找材料，甚至对付小怪等等，这不是熟练不熟练的问题，而是时间压根不够的问题。
Wang Ye saw that it would not work like this, so far, the most difficult thing was only the second-level scroll, but as he went deeper into the castle, the difficulty of the level would continue to increase, and he was confident that it would be no problem to do his own part within the time limit, but if he made five copies at a time, he also had to mix ink, find materials, and even deal with mobs, etc., this is not a matter of proficiency or not, but a matter of insufficient time.
难不成要让玩家死一两个？ Is it possible to make one or two players die?
另外王叶不得不想到一个问题，那就是他愿意老老实实地带着玩家过关，可其他竞争对手呢？
In addition, Wang Ye had to think of a question, that is, he was willing to honestly lead players through the level, but what about other competitors?
如果他们嫌麻烦，让五个玩家死得只剩下一个，再带着这一个过关是不是会简单得多？
If they were too troublesome and let only one of the five players die, wouldn't it be easier to get through the level with that one?
至少在时间上就会比他优越得多。 At least in terms of time, it will be much superior to him.
王叶在狠心只带一个玩家，和要不要钻空子这两个选择题中犹豫了一秒钟。
Wang Ye hesitated for a second in the two multiple-choice questions of ruthlessly taking only one player and whether to take advantage of the loophole.
他决定钻空子。 He decided to take advantage of the loophole.
好歹多一名玩家通关，他就能多五万点经验值。 If one more player clears the level, he will gain 50,000 more experience points.
再说只留一个玩家真的保险吗？ Besides, is it really safe to keep only one player?
如果那个玩家不小心死了，他就得回到城堡门口重新开始。
If that player dies accidentally, he will have to go back to the castle gate and start over.
幸好王叶上辈子刷过这个副本，虽然他上辈子并没有学习卷轴，完全是为了拿经验值才来刷，那时候这个副本的所有一切都被玩家研究得透彻，甚至想出了许多钻空子过关的方法。
Fortunately, Wang Ye had brushed this dungeon in his previous life, although he didn't learn scrolls in his previous life, and he brushed it entirely for the sake of gaining experience points, and at that time, everything in this dungeon was thoroughly studied by the player, and even came up with many ways to get through the level.
王叶就凭借着这个经验，带四个玩家抄了近路。 Wang Ye relied on this experience to take four players to take a shortcut.
何谓近路？那就是可以绕过关卡，从其他地方过，而这个副本要求的通关条件并不是让玩家每一个关卡都要过完，这是后来无数玩家总结出来的经验，就是你只要过最主要的三个关卡，并在最后到达子爵的书房，回答出子爵的某个问题，你就能通关，并得到一份对于玩家来说很珍贵的奖励。
What is a shortcut? That is, you can bypass the level and pass it from other places, and the clearance conditions required by this copy are not for players to pass every level, this is the experience summed up by countless players later, that is, you only need to pass the main three levels, and finally arrive at the viscount's study, answer a certain question of the viscount, you can clear the level, and get a very precious reward for the player.
一个卷轴知识的讲解水晶球，该水晶球记载了从一级到三级的卷轴基础知识，对于初期玩家们来说足够用了。
A crystal ball that explains the knowledge of scrolls, which records the basics of scrolls from level 1 to level 3, which is enough for beginner players.
如果还想获得四级以上的知识，那就要开启这个副本的困难级副本和地狱级副本。
If you still want to gain knowledge above level 4, you need to open the hard and hell level dungeons of this dungeon.
王叶为了防止被人看出来他对这座城堡很熟悉，每快到一个关卡前，他都会故意停顿下来，简单地询问四名玩家：“你们认为接下来怎么走比较好？”
In order to prevent others from seeing that he was familiar with the castle, Wang Ye would deliberately pause before reaching a level and simply ask the four players, "What do you think is the best way to go next?" ”
玩家的特性之一就是跳脱，他们很少有规规矩矩玩游戏的人，何况这还是全息游戏，大家都恨不得找出各种不同玩法。
One of the characteristics of players is to jump out, they rarely play the game in a proper way, not to mention that this is still a holographic game, and everyone is eager to find out how to play with all kinds of different ways.
明明前面就有一条直路通向一扇门，但四名玩家转着脑袋打量周围，有人说我们从房顶走可不可以，有人说我们从窗台跳过去行不行，有人说可以考虑飞檐走壁，还有人建议干脆不走这条路，去其他地方看看。
There was a straight path leading to a door in front of them, but the four players turned their heads to look around, and some said that it was okay for us to walk from the roof, some said that it would be okay for us to jump over the windowsill, some said that we could consider flying the eaves and walls, and some suggested that we should not take this road at all and go to other places.
王叶就像是被这些玩家启发一样，而且他给其他学校师生以及观众们的印象也是不走寻常路的，所以看到他在几名求学者的“提醒”下，没按照正常通关路径走，而是带着这四名求学者七绕八绕，大家竟然也觉得很正常。
Wang Ye seemed to be inspired by these players, and the impression he gave to the teachers and students of other schools and the audience was also unusual, so seeing that he was "reminded" by several scholars, he did not follow the normal path of customs clearance, but took these four scholars around and around, and everyone felt that it was normal.
有些实在绕不过去的关卡，就走过去老老实实答题过关。
There are some levels that you really can't get around, so you can go over and answer the questions honestly.
不知不觉间，王叶就带着四名玩家过了最重要的三关，来到了子爵的书房。
Unconsciously, Wang Ye took the four players through the most important three levels and came to the viscount's study.
日后，好多人都在研究这段资料片，把王叶带着玩家们绕的路都记了下来，也算是为玩家们能简单通过这个副本做出了一定贡献？
In the future, many people are studying this expansion and have written down the path that Wang Ye took the players around, which can be regarded as a certain contribution to the players being able to easily pass this dungeon?
不过真心想要学习卷轴的人，哪怕通关了，也会在自学卷轴后，再回来重过一遍这个副本，就当是验证自己所学，也算是这个副本的一大特点了。
However, people who really want to learn the scroll, even if they clear the level, will come back and revisit this copy after learning the scroll by themselves, which is regarded as a verification of what they have learned, which is also a major feature of this copy.
子爵的幻影看到五人出现在他的书房中，就从书架中走了出来，他打量五人，露出特别贵族式……也许该说是学霸看学渣的蔑视之笑。
The apparition of the viscount saw the five people appear in his study, and he stepped out of the bookshelves, and he looked at the five of them, revealing a particularly aristocratic ...... Maybe it should be said that it is the contemptuous smile of the school bully looking at the scumbag.
“不用心学习只会钻空子的人，将来注定不会有伟大的成就。”子爵负手转身，似乎根本不屑和五人说话，随手从书架上抽出一本书，念到：“冬青草和红宁草制作出的卷轴墨水有什么特点，至少答出三点。”
"Those who don't study hard and only take advantage of loopholes are destined to have no great achievements in the future." The Viscount turned around with his hands in his hands, as if he didn't bother to talk to the five people at all, and casually pulled out a book from the bookshelf and read: "What are the characteristics of the scroll ink made by holly grass and red Ning grass, answer at least three points." ”
四名玩家一起看向王叶。 The four players looked at Wang Ye together.
王叶淡定无比地回答道：“因为原材料较为常见，制作出的墨水堪称价廉物美，只是可保存时间极短，必须在制作成功后的五分钟内用完，除非施展时间凝固魔法。该墨水制作冰系魔法卷轴效果更好，制作镇定和冷却精神类卷轴效果上佳，不可用于火系。”
Wang Ye replied calmly: "Because the raw materials are relatively common, the ink produced can be called cheap and good, but the storage time is extremely short, and it must be used up within five minutes after the production is successful, unless the time freezing magic is cast." This ink is better for making ice magic scrolls, and is good for calming and cooling spirit scrolls, and cannot be used for fire. ”
这已经不止三点。 This is more than three points.
子爵似乎应付差事一样，冷哼一声，啪地往桌子上扔出五个水晶球。
As if he were dealing with an errand, the viscount snorted coldly and threw five crystal balls onto the table.
“你们过关了，现在拿着奖励可以滚出我的城堡了！” "You've passed the level, now you can get out of my castle with the reward!"
四名玩家吃惊得张大嘴巴，就这么简单地通关了？ Four players opened their mouths in surprise and cleared the level so simply?
不是说这个副本会死很多遍吗？ Isn't it said that this copy will die many times?
可随后系统提示音告诉他们，他们确实通关了，经验值奖励也拿到手了。
But then the system beeps to tell them that they have indeed cleared the level and have received the experience point reward.
王叶示意玩家上前去拿水晶球。 Wang Ye motioned for the player to step forward and get the crystal ball.
玩家们反应过来，连忙上前拿起水晶球，又纷纷跟王叶道谢。
The players reacted, hurriedly stepped forward to pick up the crystal ball, and thanked Wang Ye one after another.
王叶看到书房中有一面魔镜发出朦胧光芒，指了指魔镜，“这里应该是出口，你们从这里离开就可以。”
Wang Ye saw a magic mirror in the study that emitted a hazy light, and pointed to the magic mirror, "This should be the exit, you can leave from here." ”
玩家们有的还想留下来看有没有机会搜刮其他好东西，但看小叶子的神色，再想想他们今天占的便宜，冥冥中突然生出一股这座城堡不可久留的警惕感，全都通过传送魔镜离开了这个副本。
Some of the players still wanted to stay to see if there was a chance to scavenge other good things, but looking at Xiao Yezi's expression, and then thinking about the advantage they took today, a sense of vigilance suddenly arose in the darkness that this castle could not stay for a long time, and they all left this dungeon through the teleportation magic mirror.
那名长相可爱的女孩在经过小叶子身边时，似乎怎么都忍不住，突然上前想要抱住王叶。
The cute-looking girl seemed to be unable to hold back when she passed by Xiao Yezi, and suddenly stepped forward to hug Wang Ye.
考虑到王叶曾说过自己身上有毒的事，这位简直就是在付出生命代价想要个抱抱。
Considering that Wang Ye once said that he was poisonous, this one simply wanted a hug at the cost of his life.
王叶吓一跳，飞快向后跳了一步。 Wang Ye was startled and quickly jumped back.
那女孩抿嘴笑，从包里摸出一个小荷包，递到王叶面前，小小声说：“小叶子，我太喜欢你了，这个送给你，是我自己做的，可以放些零钱和糖果什么的。哎呀，我要知道会遇到你，一定会给你带好多糖果，我可会做糖果了。”
女孩捧脸。 Girl holding face.
王叶：“……”他犹豫了一下，还是接过了那个小荷包。
Wang Ye: "......" He hesitated, but still took the little purse.
女孩高兴地跳起来，对王叶挥挥手：“小叶子加油！我会关注你的哟~”
The girl jumped up happily and waved her hand to Wang Ye: "Come on, little leaf!" I'll keep an eye on you~"
王叶：求别关注。 Wang Ye: Please don't pay attention.
“喂，给你。”王叶也扔回一瓶补血药剂，他不喜欢欠别人的。虽然这个荷包对于他来说没有任何用处，但这是礼物，他自然也要回一份礼物。
"Hey, here you go." Wang Ye also threw back a bottle of blood tonic potion, he didn't like to owe others. Although this purse is of no use to him, it is a gift, and he naturally wants to return a gift.
女孩接过药剂，眼睛都睁大了，没想到最后还能有这么一个惊喜。
The girl took the potion, her eyes widened, she didn't expect such a surprise in the end.
女孩欢欢喜喜地离开了副本，这一幕后来被剪切到资料片里，导致后来好多玩家就喜欢给游戏中的人物送礼物……
The girl left the dungeon happily, and this scene was later cut into the expansion, leading many players to like to give gifts to the characters in the game......
王叶看四名玩家全都离开，浑身肌肉看着都放松了。 Wang Ye saw that all four players had left, and his muscles relaxed as he looked.
这种带人的任务真的太累啦。 This kind of task with people is really tiring.
在听到几个任务完成的提示后，是系统宣布王叶再次升级的恭喜。
After hearing the prompts that several tasks were completed, it was the system that announced that Wang Ye had been upgraded again.
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到3009099点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到六十三级。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, after deducting the experience points that have been used, the player's experience points have accumulated 3009099 points, and the upgrade conditions are met, and the game level has been upgraded to sixty-three.] 】
前面王叶参加培植和召唤比试，以及炼药挑战赛的奖励已经到账。
The rewards for Wang Ye's participation in the cultivation and summoning competitions, as well as the alchemy challenge, have already arrived.
加上他各项专业等级考的奖励，这些经验值累加起来，才把他从六十级一路送上六十三级。
Coupled with the rewards of his various professional level exams, these experience points added up to send him all the way from level sixty to level sixty-three.
不过越来后面，升级越难，这次任务保护了四名玩家通关，总共给出二十万点经验值奖励也没让他升多少。
However, the more you get back, the more difficult it is to level up, and this mission protected four players from clearing the level, and a total of 200,000 experience points were given as rewards that didn't make him upgrade much.
观众们听到子爵幻影宣布小叶子他们已经过关，都很吃惊。
The audience was surprised to hear the Viscount Phantom announce that Xiao Yezi had passed the level.
比赛到现在才过了一个小时，这就可以通关了？ It's only been an hour since the game, so can you clear the level?
可是目前为止出现的卷轴难题也只不过到三级，如果不是因为带着好几名求学者，对这些参赛者来说根本就说不上困难。
However, the scroll puzzle that has arisen so far has only reached level three, and if it weren't for the fact that there are several scholars, it would not be difficult for these contestants at all.
“三级以下也不是这么简单，我们看小叶子过得这么轻松，应该是因为他没走寻常路，避开了好多关卡，还躲过了不少怪物。可你们看其他参赛者……”
"It's not so simple below the third level, we see that Xiao Yezi has such an easy time, it should be because he didn't take the usual path, avoided many levels, and avoided a lot of monsters. But you can look at the other contestants......"
其他参赛者都是第一次来到这个幻境考场，对环境不熟悉，只能按部就班地走关卡，还得带着几名拖后腿的求学者。
The other contestants were all coming to this fantasy exam room for the first time, and they were not familiar with the environment, so they could only go through the checkpoints step by step, and they had to take a few students who were dragging their feet.
偏偏他们带的求学者有各种各样的性格，他们大多数爱玩爱闹，不但自己闹得开心，还喜欢调戏他们这些指导者。
However, the students they bring have a variety of personalities, and most of them love to play and make trouble, not only to make fun of themselves, but also to tease them as instructors.
这些求学者会不断问他们一些乱七八糟的问题，还有想拜他们为师的，想要和他们结拜兄弟的，还有人问他们能不能结婚的？！
These scholars will keep asking them some random questions, some want to worship them as teachers, want to worship them as brothers, and some ask them if they can get married?!
参赛者们有的能忍，有的不能忍。 Some of the contestants can endure it, and some can't.
不能忍的结果就是，很多参赛者身边都只带了一两名求学者，其他求学者都被子爵阁下或小怪们给干掉了。
As a result, many of the contestants only brought one or two scholars with them, and the other scholars were killed by His Excellency the Viscount or the mobs.
但不是每个求学者在看到同伴们一个接一个死去后，就老实下来……这也是参赛者们感到最奇怪的地方，这些求学者似乎并不怎么在乎同伴的死亡。
But not every student is honest after seeing his companions die one after another...... This is also the strangest thing about the contestants, these scholars don't seem to care much about the death of their peers.
后来参赛者自己想通了，认为这里是幻境考场，这里出现的活人，应该和他们一样，都不会真的死亡。
Later, the contestants figured it out for themselves, thinking that this is the Illusion Examination Hall, and the living people who appear here should be the same as them, and they will not really die.
眼看都死得只剩下一两个了，可这些剩下来的求学者中有不少人真的非常热衷于寻宝活动（捅娄子），他们在参赛者忙着绘制卷轴、回答问题或应付怪物的时候，不说老老实实待在原地等待或守护，而是东翻翻西翻翻，看到什么都要摸一摸，还想带走。
It seems that only one or two of them have died, but many of these remaining scholars are really keen on treasure hunts, and they don't say that they stay where they are waiting or guarding while the contestants are busy drawing scrolls, answering questions, or dealing with monsters, but they rummag and rummage, touching everything they see and wanting to take it with them.
如此，自然就引来了城堡仆人、侍卫和主人的震怒，或者直接就冒出某种怪物，在参赛者答题时攻击他们。
In this way, it naturally attracts the wrath of the castle servants, guards, and masters, or some kind of monster will directly emerge and attack the contestants when they answer the questions.
参赛者简直被坑得苦不堪言。 The contestants were simply miserable.
五个求学者全部死光，参赛者就算还活着，也必须回到城堡门口，重新带人再重刷关卡。
All five students are dead, and even if the contestants are still alive, they must return to the castle gate and re-lead someone to re-level the level.
所以明明题目很简单，但就是让参赛者们闯关闯得痛不欲生。
So obviously the question is very simple, but it just makes the contestants break through the pain.
王叶后来看资料片，也不禁庆幸自己运气好，剩下的那四名玩家都还算听话。
Wang Ye later came to see the expansion film, and he couldn't help but congratulate himself on his luck, and the remaining four players were quite obedient.
实际上王叶不知道那四名玩家之所以会那么老实，也是因为他的天才之名加年龄起了效果，四名玩家都觉得一个人答所有题目的小叶子好帅。
In fact, Wang Ye didn't know that the reason why the four players were so honest was because of his genius and age, and the four players all felt that Xiao Yezi, who answered all the questions alone, was so handsome.
而且小叶子那么小，已经帮他们这么多，他们还捣乱那算什么？
And Xiaoye is so small, he has already helped them so much, what is it if they still make trouble?
小孩子又最容易引起大家的保护心，四名玩家心疼小叶子，只想要好好保护她，哪舍得给她再增添麻烦。
Children are the most likely to arouse everyone's protection, and the four players feel sorry for Xiao Yezi, and they just want to protect her well, so they are willing to add trouble to her.
再则，王叶没有像其他参赛者一样想要完全束缚住求学者，他给了玩家发挥的余地，比如让他们寻找道路和给出建议等等，他再从中选择一个，这就让玩家们也有了参与感。而且爬墙过桥钻洞翻屋顶，跑酷一样的绕路过程也足够刺激，不至于让玩家们一路无聊得只能东翻西撩。
In addition, Wang Ye did not want to completely restrain the students like the other contestants, he gave the players room to play, such as asking them to find a path and give advice, etc., and he chose one of them, which made the players feel involved. And climbing walls, crossing bridges, drilling holes, and rooftops, the parkour-like detour process is also exciting enough, so that players will not be bored all the way and can only flirt around.
总而言之，目前为止，除了“好运的”王叶带着四名玩家顺利通关以外，其他参赛者都还在苦苦挣扎。
All in all, so far, except for the "lucky" Wang Ye who successfully cleared the level with four players, the other contestants are still struggling.
“总觉得不会到此结束。”有观众低喃。 "I don't think it's going to end here." There was an audience murmuring.
“我也觉得。你看小叶子完全没有离开的意思。” "I think so, too. You see, Xiaoye has no intention of leaving at all. ”
“还有两个小时，也许接下来才是真正的比试时间。” "There are still two hours, and maybe the next time is the real competition."
王叶当然不可能就这么离开，他在发现遇到的关卡题目都在三级以下后，就判断出这个副本仍旧只是普通简单级别的副本，而大赛方把他们扔到这里，真的会只让他们过一过简单副本就算吗？
Of course, Wang Ye couldn't just leave, after he found out that the level problems he encountered were all below level three, he judged that this copy was still just an ordinary simple level copy, and the big competition party threw them here, would they really just let them pass the simple copy?
如果说前面的简单副本是用来考验参赛者们在有拖累和种种干扰下，是否还能正常发挥，那么当一部分参赛者达成条件后，要如何看出这批参赛者们的实力？
If the previous simple copy is used to test whether the contestants can still perform normally under the drag and various interferences, then when some of the contestants meet the conditions, how to see the strength of these contestants?
最重要的是，他还没有获得子爵的“学习之心”。 On top of that, he has not yet received the "heart of learning" of the viscount.
这东西他上辈子也没有获得过，好奇得很。 He hadn't gotten this thing in his previous life, so he was very curious.
“你为什么还不离开？”洛赫拉子爵的幻影转向王叶。 "Why haven't you left yet?" The apparition of Viscount Lohra turned to Wang Ye.
王叶眨眨眼，“我有一颗虔诚的求学之心，那些求学者让我想到了当初的自己，没有指导者、也没有奇遇，我虽然想要学习卷轴知识，可也无处可学。所以我想要帮助他们，希望他们能尽量活到最后，得到您宝贵的知识传承。如果我的某些做法让您觉得我学习的心还不够虔诚、不够努力，我愿意接受新的考验。”
Wang Ye blinked, "I have a pious heart to study, those scholars reminded me of my original self, there is no guide, no adventure, although I want to learn the knowledge of scrolls, but there is nowhere to learn." So I want to help them, and I hope that they will try to survive to the end and receive your valuable knowledge. If something I do makes you feel that my heart is not pious enough to study and not hard enough, I am willing to take on a new test. ”
子爵幻影脸上几乎印上去一样的蔑视神情似乎消退了一些，“是的，获得知识的途径非常稀少和困难，每个人都应该珍惜每一次的机会。小孩，你想要接受真正的考验吗？”
The look of contempt that was almost imprinted on the face of the Viscount Phantom seemed to subside a little, "Yes, the way to acquire knowledge is very scarce and difficult, and everyone should cherish every opportunity. Child, do you want to be put to the real test? ”
“想。” "Yes."
“哪怕你会付出生命的代价？我是说真正的生命。”子爵幻影的脸色变得极为严肃。
"Even if it costs you your life? I mean real life. The Viscount's phantom's face became extremely serious.
王叶各种念头在脑中一转，回答：“我还是想。想要获得什么就得付出什么，先人之所以能总结出这么多知识经验，也是因为他们勇于探索和敢于创新。”
Wang Ye's various thoughts turned in his mind and replied, "I still want to." If you want to get something, you have to pay for it, and the reason why our ancestors were able to sum up so much knowledge and experience is also because they have the courage to explore and innovate. ”
“记住你现在的话。”子爵幻影来到一面书架前，轻轻一推书架。
"Remember your words now." The Viscount Phantom came to one of the bookshelves and gently pushed them.
书架滑开，露出后面黑漆漆的通道。 The bookshelves slid open, revealing a dark passage behind them.
“往后是天堂，往前是地狱。人生总是会遇到很多选择，现在到了你再次做选择的时候。”子爵幻影说完这句话，人就消失了。
"Heaven is behind and hell is ahead. There will always be many choices in life, and now is the time for you to make choices again. After the Viscount Phantom said this, the man disappeared.
而那个黑漆漆的通道就敞开在那里。 And the dark passage was open there.
王叶：哪里是后，哪里是前？ Wang Ye: Where is the back and where is the front?
比试时间还没结束，他要是不想输，就只能走进这条通道。
The competition time is not over yet, and if he doesn't want to lose, he can only walk into this passage.
也许他也可以在城堡里做其他探索，再把那些绕过去的关卡都回头做完。
Maybe he could do other explorations in the castle and go back and finish all the levels that he had bypassed.
可那些三级以下的卷轴题目对他来说真的太简单了，做了也没意义，就算拿了满分又怎样？
But those scroll questions below level 3 are really too simple for him, and there is no point in doing it, even if he gets a full score?
说不定后面一张四级卷轴就把前面的分都补回来了。 Maybe a fourth-level scroll in the back will make up all the points in front of you.
王叶暗中放出浮游光虫，看着它们隐藏光点飞入黑暗通道。
Wang Ye secretly released planktonic light worms and watched them hide their light spots and fly into the dark passage.
他也不怕被大赛方发现，因为他前面已经展现出他的召唤系能力，这时候面对一条未知通道，派出自己的召唤伙伴去探探路，完全属于再正常不过的行为。
He is not afraid of being discovered by the big competition, because he has already shown his summoning ability before, and at this time, facing an unknown passage, it is completely normal to send his summoning partner to explore the path.
王叶进入了这条通道。 Wang Ye entered this passage.
而之后来到书房的参赛者们也都看到了这条敞开的通道，只是他们都没有再见到子爵幻影，只听到有个声音问出最后一道问题，只要能答对，桌子上就会出现水晶球奖励。
The contestants who came to the study also saw this open passage, but they did not see the viscount phantom again, only heard a voice ask the last question, and as long as they could answer it correctly, a crystal ball would appear on the table.
然后传送魔镜散发出朦胧光芒，提醒求学者离开。 The teleportation mirror then emits a hazy glow, reminding the seeker to leave.
旁白声则是会提醒参赛者，说着和子爵差不多的话，让参赛者选择是否进入通道。
The narrator will remind the contestants to say something similar to that of the Viscount, and let the contestants choose whether to enter the passage or not.
再说王叶这边。 Let's talk about Wang Ye's side.
他在黑暗通道中没有走几步，就来到了一个光线不是十分明亮的广场。
He didn't take a few steps in the dark passage before he came to a plaza that was not very bright.
广场上有两张桌子，桌子上放着两套卷轴制作工具。 There are two tables in the square on which are two sets of scroll-making tools.
看到王叶出现，一道身影出现在其中一张桌子后面。 Seeing Wang Ye appear, a figure appeared behind one of the tables.
那是一个面色青黑的男子，他声调极为阴森，并没有因为王叶是个小女孩就对他温柔和蔼，反而冲着王叶就硬邦邦地说道：“来到这里的都不是弱者，我也不会把你当弱者看。子爵出题，我们制作卷轴，对攻。这是我的赌注！”
It was a man with a blue face, his voice was extremely gloomy, and he was not gentle and kind to Wang Ye because he was a little girl, but said to Wang Ye stiffly: "None of the people who come here are weak, and I won't treat you as a weak." The viscount comes up with the problem, we make scrolls, and we attack. It's my bet! ”
男子掏出一枚四级魔晶扔到地上。 The man took out a fourth-level magic crystal and threw it to the ground.
王叶：“我身上没带任何东西，这个荷包可以吗？” Wang Ye: "I didn't have anything on me, is this purse okay?" ”
不值钱的荷包当然不行，男子要求王叶要么用命做赌注，要么用他背在身后的魔武。
Of course, the worthless purse was not good, and the man asked Wang Ye to either make a bet with his life or use the magic force he carried behind him.
王叶眼看这里的规则就是这样，只能把他的二胡放到了那枚魔晶旁边。
Wang Ye saw that the rules here were like this, so he could only put his erhu next to the magic crystal.
他也发现了这个幻境考场的危险之处，在参赛者身上没有带多少东西的情况下，如果他们不能赢得对赌者的赌注，当参赛者失去自己的魔武、魔法袍之类的物品后，最后能赌的貌似就只有自己的生命了。
He also discovered the danger of this fantasy examination room, if the contestants did not have much on them, if they could not win the bet of the bettor, when the contestant lost his magic martial arts, magic robes and other items, it seemed that the only thing he could gamble on was his own life.
子爵的声音响起：“四级冰系卷轴，冰龙冲击！限时五分钟。”
The viscount's voice sounded: "Fourth-level ice scroll, ice dragon impact!" There is a five-minute time limit. ”
声音一落，王叶和那名男子立刻开始绘制卷轴。 As soon as the voice fell, Wang Ye and the man immediately began to draw the scroll.
同一时间，六大公会总会长都听到了幻境考场传来的警示音。
At the same time, the leaders of the six guilds all heard the warning sound from the Illusion Examination Room.
“发现侵入者！发现侵入者！” "Intruder found! Spot the intruders! ”
六位总会长立刻开始排查侵入者，但他们六人竟然没有一个发现侵入者跑到了哪里。
The six presidents immediately began to search for the intruder, but none of the six of them found out where the intruder had gone.
“这次是怎么回事？为什么我们的幻境考场防御破成了筛子？”魔法师总会长廖女士气得发根都竖了起来。
"What's going on this time? Why did our Illusion Exam Room defenses break into a sieve? "Ms. Liao, the president of the magician, was so angry that her hair stood on end.
其他会长都看向了炼金总会长伯来。 The other presidents all looked at the Alchemy Chief.
伯来脸色极为不好看，他很呛地崩出一句：“如果我是那个内鬼，我会做得这么明显吗？一旦出问题，谁都会怀疑我！”
Bolai's face was extremely ugly, and he choked up and burst out: "If I were that inner ghost, would I have done it so obviously?" If something goes wrong, everyone will suspect me! ”
“也许某些人就是想要反其道而行，嫌疑最大的往往都能洗清嫌疑。”
"Maybe some people just want to do the opposite, and the biggest suspicion can often be cleared."
“安吉洛鲍曼！你知道你在说什么吗？”伯来总会长厉喝。
"Angelo Bowman! Do you know what you're talking about? "The president of the Bull Lai drank hard.
“好吧，我换个猜测对象，比起伯来总会长，难道不是布置和掌握幻境考场绝大多数魔法阵的白老更可疑吗？”商业公会总会长安吉洛又扔出了一个可疑人选。
"Okay, I'll change the guess object, compared to the president of the Bolai, isn't it Bai Lao who arranges and controls the vast majority of the magic arrays in the illusion examination room more suspicious?" Angelo, the head of the Chamber of Commerce, threw out another suspicious candidate.
“这么说，负责和白老接洽的我，是不是也很可疑？”佣兵公会古总会长淡淡道。
"So, I'm in charge of contacting Bai Lao, isn't it also suspicious?" The Gu General of the Mercenary Guild said lightly.
“安吉洛，我看你猜来猜去，你才最可疑！”炼金总会长伯来怼上了商业总会长。
"Angelo, I see you guessing and guessing, you are the most suspicious!" The president of alchemy Bo Lai became the president of commerce.
“够了！比起吵架，现在我们应该更关注那些学生。那些侵入者明知道我们在盯着，还敢冒险进入幻境考场，他们必然有极大的图谋。”廖女士严肃又愤怒地指出。
"Enough! Now we should pay more attention to those students than to quarrel. Those intruders who knew we were watching, and dared to venture into the Illusion Examination Room, they must have great plans. Ms. Liao pointed out solemnly and angrily.
“洛赫拉的赌命比试场就是我们也不能插手太多，侵入者就算能进入，那里环境特殊，他们想要下手也不是那么容易的事。”古总会长极为冷静地说道。
"Lohla's gambling test ground is that we can't interfere too much, even if the intruders can enter, the environment is special, and it is not so easy for them to start." President Gu said very calmly.
“难道我们就只能看着吗？” "Can we just watch?"
“我去找洛赫拉。你们盯着所有参赛者，如果发现异样，可立刻停止比试，把里面的学生先带出来。至于已经进入赌命比试场的人，我来跟洛赫拉谈条件，看他能不能放人。”古总会长起身。
"I'm going to find Lohla. Keep an eye on all the contestants, and if you find anything unusual, stop the competition immediately and bring the students out first. As for those who have already entered the gambling competition, I will negotiate the conditions with Lohra to see if he can release him. President Gu stood up.
第238章 被污染的树人 Chapter 238: The Polluted Tree Man
洛赫拉并不同意放人，他的场子就要按他的规矩来。 Lohra did not agree to release him, and his field was to be done according to his rules.
“我们已经约定时间，那么就必须达到约定时间才能放人，这是规矩。不管是谁，哪怕你们六个来了也一样，在这里除非你的实力达到半神级乃至以上，否则谁也不能打破这里的规则。”
"We have already agreed on a time, so we must reach the appointed time before we can release people, this is the rule. No matter who it is, even if the six of you come, no one can break the rules here unless your strength reaches the demigod level or above. ”
洛赫拉说这句话时充满自傲，他也有这个傲气的本钱。 Lohra said this with pride, and he also had the capital to be arrogant.
他本身不是圣级，但他的祖父是。 He wasn't a saint per se, but his grandfather was.
他的祖父当年在知识之城也是鼎鼎大名，只不过运气不太好，没能在那场灾难中及时逃出来。
His grandfather was also a famous person in the City of Knowledge back then, but he was not lucky enough to escape the disaster in time.
但洛赫拉祖父给自己的家族留下了宝贵的遗产，其中最重要的就是他的圣级卷轴魔法塔。
But Lohla's grandfather left a valuable legacy to his family, the most important of which was his Holy Scroll Magic Tower.
这座实际是一张圣级卷轴的魔法塔现在已经被洛赫拉彻底掌控，化身为赌命比试场。
This magic tower, which is actually a saint-level scroll, has now been completely controlled by Lohra and turned into a gambling arena.
这里不仅可以做卷轴比试，也可以进行其他方式的赌命，来这里进行赌斗的超凡者很多，这个赌斗场也是洛赫拉的重要经济来源之一。
Not only can you do reel competitions here, but you can also gamble in other ways, and there are many extraordinary people who come here to gamble, and this gambling arena is also one of the important sources of income for Lohra.
“我担心有人冒充你安排的赌斗者找我们的学生进行比斗，如果实力相差太大，那些孩子会很吃亏，如果侵入者不怀好意，那些孩子就很危险了。”古总会长始终很稳。
“那又怎样呢？”洛赫拉脸上带出一点恶意的笑容：“你们不是想要锻炼学生吗，没有极致的危险，又怎么能逼出一个人真正的潜力和实力？我看那些孩子都太放松了，来我这里比试，也跟玩耍一样。”
“那是他们不知道到了什么地方。这也是我们说好的，不要说得太清楚，免得让那些孩子过于紧张。”古总会长一顿，“我知道你对你的赌斗场防御能力很有自信，但那些人很可能和屠魔教、和长生会有关。你知道这些人有多难缠。比如变形术。”
“我不管他是掌握了变形术，还是喝了变形药剂，亦或使用了变形卷轴，只要赌斗场没有查出他的身份有异，他就有资格参加赌斗。”
“所以你就眼睁睁看着自己安排的人被人替代？”
“你不用激将我。”洛赫拉露出讽刺的笑，“伟大的古总会长，是你们的保护措施出现问题，才会让人从幻境考场侵入。”
“真的是从幻境考场吗？那个侵入者出现的时候，正是你打开赌斗场的时候。”
“你想说对方之前就进入了我的赌斗场？”洛赫拉冷笑：“那他又是怎么知道这场比试会关系到我，并且知道我安排了赌斗场作为最后一环？”
"You want to say that the other party entered my gambling arena before?" Lohra sneered: "Then how did he know that this competition would concern me, and that I had arranged the gambling arena as the last link?" ”
古总会长声音平稳：“我想过，我们六个人之间基本不可能出现内鬼，我们的地位和身份，以及我们掌握的权力，已经让我们没必要和任何人合作，别人不知道，但我们知道，我们正走在一条正确的道路上。我的两位父亲已经先一步出发，为我们去探寻那种可能。”
President Gu's voice was steady: "I have thought about it, it is basically impossible for the six of us to have internal ghosts, our status and identity, as well as the power we hold, have made it unnecessary for us to cooperate with anyone, others don't know, but we know that we are on the right path." My two fathers have already set out to explore that possibility for us. ”
听古永镇提到他的两位父亲，一脸傲慢神色的洛赫拉微微端正了坐姿，那两位值得双月星任何人尊重。
Hearing Gu Yongzhen mention his two fathers, Lohra, who had an arrogant look on his face, straightened his posture slightly, those two deserved the respect of anyone in the Double Moon Star.
也正是因为那两位探寻到了某种可能，他们这些人才会和六大公会合作，没有被另外一批人给拉扯过去。
It was precisely because those two of them explored a certain possibility that they would cooperate with the six guilds and not be pulled by another group of people.
只是也怪不得某些人立场不坚定，只因为那边经常能看到一些实质性的发展，而那两位却就这么一去不复返，不是所有人都能在一日复一日看不到尽头的等待下仍旧能保持那份耐心。
It's just no wonder that some people don't take a firm stance, just because there are often some substantial developments to be seen there, and those two are just gone, and not everyone can still maintain that patience despite waiting day after day with no end in sight.
除非六大公会拿出某些更关键、更能说服人的事实。 Unless the six guilds come up with some more crucial and convincing facts.
古总会长始终不紧不慢，就好像一切都在他的掌握之中：“如果我们之间没有内鬼，那么事情就很简单了，有人得知了我们的剧本，先一步进入了你的赌斗场。”
President Gu was always unhurried, as if everything was under his control: "If there are no internal ghosts between us, then things are very simple, someone has learned our script and entered your gambling arena first." ”
“剧本又是谁泄露的？” "Who leaked the script?"
“任何人都有可能，无意的可能性远超有意。而且知道剧本的人不止我们六人，还有各大学校的裁判和一些相关人士，包括阁下你在内。”
"Anyone can do it, and the likelihood of unintentional is far greater than intentional. And there are not only six of us who know the script, but also referees from major schools and some relevant people, including you. ”
洛赫拉的眉毛竖了起来：“你是想说是我这边泄露了你们的具体安排吗？”
Lohra's eyebrows raised: "Do you want to say that I leaked your specific arrangements here?" ”
“那就要问问你有没有把相关安排跟别人提及了。”古总会长淡淡道。
"Then I'll have to ask if you've mentioned the arrangements to anyone else." President Gu said lightly.
洛赫拉刚要说什么，又闭上嘴。他微微蹙起眉头，他不喜欢说谎，因为需要做某些安排，他确实跟一些人提过各校大比最后一环要在他的赌斗场进行的事。
Lohra was about to say something, but closed her mouth again. He frowned slightly, he didn't like to lie, because there were certain arrangements that needed to be made, and he did mention to some people what was going to happen in his gambling arena in the final part of the competition between the schools.
另外他还要找合适的赌斗者做为那些学生的对手。 In addition, he had to find suitable gamblers to be the opponents of the students.
涉及的人员一多，保密性自然会降低，这不是契约就能防得住的。就算不是所有人都清楚详细，就算所有人都没有说出他们知道的全部信息，但每个人说一点点，有意者东拼西凑下也能拼凑出一个大概内容。
When there are more people involved, the confidentiality will naturally be reduced, which is not something that can be prevented by contract. Even if not everyone is clear and detailed, even if everyone doesn't say all the information they know, but everyone says a little bit, and those who are interested can piece together a general idea.
“不要妄想把所有责任都推在我身上，如果你们这样搞，以后可没人敢和你们合作。”洛赫拉森森道。
"Don't try to put all the blame on me, if you do this, no one will dare to cooperate with you in the future." Loch Larsensen Road.
“你也不要说得你好像在义务劳动，如果报酬不足够打动你，你也不会选择和我们合作。既然拿了好处，自然也要承担起相应的责任。”古总会长说话还是那个声调，但他的态度却很强硬。
"Don't make it look like you're doing voluntary work, and if the pay isn't enough to impress you, you won't choose to work with us. Since you have taken the benefits, you naturally have to take the corresponding responsibilities. President Gu still spoke in the same tone, but his attitude was very tough.
洛赫拉腾地站起，“我们两方一起自查。” Lohra stood up, "Let's check ourselves together. ”
“自查是一方面，我希望能在遇到危险的时候把那些孩子接出来。”
"Self-examination is one thing, and I hope to be able to pick up those children when they are in danger."
“不行！时间定下就必须遵守，这是规则，一旦决定，就是我也不能改变。”
"No! The time is set, you have to follow it, it's a rule, and once it's decided, even I can't change it. ”
两位大佬互视。 The two bigwigs looked at each other.
巨人的身体非常有压迫感。 The giant's body is very oppressive.
洛赫拉为了减少这份压迫，他操纵椅子飞了起来，如今他就悬空站在椅子前面。
洛赫拉看到了古永镇眼中的认真，这位在用眼神告诉他，为了那些孩子，他会不惜和他开战。
Lohra saw the seriousness in Gu Yongzhen's eyes, and the one who was telling him with his eyes that he would not hesitate to go to war with him for the sake of those children.
洛赫拉退了一步，他的实力比起这位还是有所不如，最主要的是他也不想得罪那些超凡者学校的大佬们，更何况那可不是一座两座学校。
Lohra took a step back, his strength was still inferior to this one, and the most important thing was that he didn't want to offend the bigwigs of those transcendent schools, not to mention that it was not a two-seat school.
天知道那些学校里都隐藏着什么怪物！ God knows what monsters are hiding in those schools!
“事先定下的比试规则，我确实没有办法修改，除非我有实力打破这张圣级卷轴的防御，但我做不到。但我可以答应你，一旦那些孩子出现危险……一旦他们无法应付，我会立刻把他们保护起来，绝不让侵入者伤害其、或把人带走，直到约定的比试时间结束。”
"I really can't modify the rules of the competition that I have set in advance, unless I have the strength to break the defense of this saint-level scroll, but I can't do it. But I can promise you, if those children are in danger...... If they can't cope, I'll protect them and never let the intruders hurt them or take anyone away until the agreed time is over. ”
古总会长提出条件：“我需要我这边有随时进入你的比斗场救人的权力。”
President Gu put forward the condition: "I need my side to have the right to enter your arena at any time to save people." ”
洛赫拉就是不想给这个，但古永镇的意思也很明显，他也无法全盘相信洛赫拉，所以必须也要有救护参赛学生的权力。
Lohra just didn't want to give this, but Gu Yongzhen's meaning was also obvious, and he couldn't trust Lohra completely, so he had to have the power to save the participating students.
“名额，我要再加一个名额。”洛赫拉提出条件。 "Quota, I'm going to add another spot." Lohra made the offer.
古总会长沉默，过了一会儿，沉重地道：“给你多增加一个，别人那里就要减少一个。”
President Gu was silent, and after a while, he said heavily: "Add one more to you, and one less for others." ”
“我不管，这是我的最后条件。我就问你，你们六个人各自的魔法塔，会给予我随便进出的权力吗？哪怕只有一段时间。”
"I don't care, that's my last condition. Let me ask you, will the magic towers of the six of you give me the right to come and go as I please? Even if it's only for a while. ”
“好，我可以答应你。但如果那些孩子遇到危险时，你没能及时救助他们，那么别说这个多增加的名额，包括我们原来答应的，你也别想要了。”
"Okay, I can promise you. But if you can't help those children in time when they are in danger, then don't talk about this extra place, including what we originally promised, you don't want it. ”
“你这个……！”洛赫拉子爵骂了一连串脏话，但最后双方还是达成了协议。
"You ......!" Viscount Lohra cursed a series of swear words, but in the end the two sides reached an agreement.
古总会长达到目的就离开了，洛赫拉站在原地不知在想什么。
President Gu had achieved his goal and left, and Lohra stood still, not knowing what he was thinking.
“您真的决定彻底站到六大公会那边吗？”一道幽幽的声音响起，分不清女声还是男声。
"Have you really decided to completely side with the six guilds?" A faint voice sounded, and it was impossible to distinguish between a female voice and a male voice.
洛赫拉没说话。 Lohra didn't speak.
那道幽幽的声音又说道：“如果他们失败了呢？如果另一方才是对的呢？您……可已经不年轻了，而我并不想再换一个主人。”
The faint voice said, "What if they fail?" What if the other side is right? You...... But I'm not young anymore, and I don't want to change owners. ”
洛赫拉不太愉快地整理了下衣领，人也落到地面。 Lohra unpleasantly straightened her collar, and the man fell to the ground.
“可我也不想换一具身体，我对我的身体很满意。” "But I don't want to change my body, I'm very happy with my body."
“如果他们有办法让您重返青春呢？” "What if they had a way to get you back to your youth?"
“……那就等到他们做到再说吧。三秒钟，我最多只能给他们这么多时间。”洛赫拉一挥手：“另外，处理干净点，我不想被那几个抓到什么把柄。”
“…… Then wait until they do. Three seconds, I can only give them so much time at most. Lohra waved his hand: "Also, deal with it cleanly, I don't want to be caught by those guys." ”
“您请放心，一切都已经安排妥当。” "Rest assured, everything is in order."
洛赫拉身影消失，他并不觉得自己左右逢源有什么错，他只是不想把鸡蛋放在一个篮子里而已。
Lohra disappeared, he didn't feel that there was anything wrong with him, he just didn't want to put his eggs in one basket.
而且那边答应他，他们只会对一个参赛者动手。 And they promised him that they would only do it to one contestant.
只是一个而已。 It's just one thing.
那么多学生，少一个又能怎样？ With so many students, what if there is one less?
再说他并没有给与多余帮助，如果那个学生真的厉害，那就坚持过那三秒钟，只要坚持过去，他必然能得救。
Besides, he didn't give extra help, if that student was really good, then hold on for those three seconds, as long as he persevered, he would definitely be saved.
一只小虫子从地面飞起来，这只虫子的能量太低微了，低微到被这个卷轴比斗场的防御能力直接忽视的地步。
A small bug flew up from the ground, and the energy of this bug was so low, so low that it was directly ignored by the defensive capabilities of this scroll compared to the arena.
同样，比斗场的其他地方也有这些小虫子出没，但它们飞行得悄无声息，也不去攻击谁，就好像尘埃一样。
In the same way, these little bugs are infested in other parts of the arena, but they fly silently and do not attack anyone, like dust.
而这时，王叶已经进入了第四轮比斗。 At this time, Wang Ye had already entered the fourth round of the competition.
除了王叶，其他参赛者也陆陆续续进入赌斗场。 In addition to Wang Ye, other contestants also entered the gambling arena one after another.
王叶这时还没有察觉到什么异常，他就是觉得这里的比试才更像比试，紧迫感很强。
Wang Ye hadn't noticed anything abnormal at this time, he just felt that the competition here was more like a competition, and he had a strong sense of urgency.
他和前面的三轮比斗者都是一轮定胜负，绘制要求的卷轴，然后对攻。
He and the previous three rounds of the contest are all a winner, draw the required reels, and then attack.
谁的卷轴更强，不需要评判者，直接从攻击结果就能看出来。
Whoever has the stronger reel doesn't need a judge, it can be seen directly from the results of the attack.
王叶连赢三轮，得到了三枚四级魔晶，这让他还挺高兴。
Wang Ye won three rounds in a row and got three fourth-level magic crystals, which made him quite happy.
他甚至想，如果前面的比试也都这样就好了。 He even thought that it would be nice if the previous competitions were like this.
小光落到他的头发上，一人一虫建立了精神联系，浮游光虫和小光看到和听到的一切也传入王叶脑中。
Xiaoguang fell into his hair, and a person and a worm established a spiritual connection, and everything that the planktonic light insect and Xiaoguang saw and heard was also transmitted to Wang Ye's brain.
王叶脸上表情没做任何改变，就好像不知道他正在危险中，也不知道那位洛赫拉子爵给了侵入者三秒钟的全场无防御时间。
The expression on Wang Ye's face didn't change in any way, as if he didn't know that he was in danger, and he didn't know that Viscount Lohra had given the intruder three seconds to be defenseless.
“咿咿！”我们可以开吃吗？这里有很多好吃的~。 "Babble!" Can we start eating? There are a lot of delicious foods here~.
“当然可以。本来我还想老老实实比赛过关，再争取拿到奖励。但主人家都这么‘好客’了，我们要不回应一二，岂不是很对不起这位子爵大人的热情？”
"Absolutely. Originally, I wanted to beat the game honestly and try to get the reward. But the host's family is so 'hospitable', if we don't respond to one or two, wouldn't we be very sorry for the enthusiasm of this viscount? ”
王叶直接用精神联系对小光道：“去吧，想吃什么吃什么，顺便帮我找找学习之心，我想看看那东西到底是什么玩意。但安全第一，小心别引起这个比斗场的防御攻击。”
Wang Ye directly said to Xiaoguang with spiritual contact: "Go, eat whatever you want, by the way, help me find the heart of learning, I want to see what that thing is." But safety first, be careful not to cause a defensive attack in this arena. ”
“咿！”你不用担心我们，先担心你自己吧。有什么消息我再传给你~
"Bah!" You don't have to worry about us, you don't have to worry about yourself. I'll pass on some news to you~
小光悠忽飞走。 The light flew away.
王叶打开了因果卷。 Wang Ye opened the cause and effect scroll.
有侵入者？很好，只要对他有恶意并开始实施，因果卷上就一定会出现对方的信息。
There are intruders? Very well, as long as there is malice towards him and it is carried out, the other party's information will definitely appear on the cause and effect roll.
呵！果然出现了。
污染的树人？
这是什么鬼东西？
王叶好奇之下，精神力触摸这个因果者的名字。
污染的树人，拜月教十二月主第三月主，春木上国国主伯思圣分身。树人本身的意识已经消失，伯思圣的意识操控了这具树人和人类互相融合的身体。
其人十分擅长变形术、精神攻击和卷轴，并能通过树根悄悄吸收他人生命力和精神力。
王叶不由自主地睁大了眼睛。
这位国主这么碉堡的吗？竟然给自己弄了一具树人和人类的融合分身？能力还这么厉害。
怪不得一直没有人怀疑这位国主，原来他在外面行动用的都是这具身体。
王叶再看这位对他出手的目的，竟然是好奇他为何能在千木之毒下坚持这么久还没有变成白痴，加上他小小年纪擅长多门专业知识，这位……姑且称他为三月主，似乎怀疑他的身体和精神核比较特殊，想要抓过去研究，更想吞噬他的精神力。
另外就是这位中了诅咒，生命力大量流失，他急需要补充生命力。
这位应该不止瞄上了他，还瞄上了其他参赛者，尤其是一些寿命较长的种族的学生。
那么这位进来又是伪装了什么身份？
他要怎么料理对方？
不用说这位三月主的实力肯定比他强，他正面杠肯定杠不过。
尤其比斗场的主人洛赫拉子爵还不要脸地给对方开放了三秒钟的无防御时间，在这个时间内，只要对方抓住他、再使用传送卷轴，他们眨眼就会离开比斗场。
所以他必须要防备这点，必要时暴露空间也在所不惜。
如果能反坑对方一把就好了，那可是树人，虽然是融合体，还是被污染的树人，但那也是树人。说不定可以弄来给小云当养料。
哟哟哟，说曹操到曹操就到，第四名比斗者出现了。
这位比斗者看起来文质彬彬，他没有穿魔法师衣袍，但一身似麻非麻的衣服和一双简单布鞋，看起来和廉价没有丝毫关系。
The contestant looked very polite, he did not wear a magician's robe, but he was dressed in linen clothes and a pair of simple cloth shoes, which seemed to have nothing to do with cheapness.
这人就连站在那里，姿态都比别人优雅得多，那是一种特意训练出来、刻到骨子里的姿态，放松但并没有垮型。
Even when this man stood there, his posture was much more elegant than that of others, it was a posture that was specially trained and carved into his bones, relaxed but not broken.
这人出身一定很好，至少家庭教育很到位。 This person must have a good background, at least the family education is in place.
但这位一开口，就知道这位的性格绝不像他表面看起来那么文质彬彬，他的言语中带着一丝随时可以把命拿出来赌的疯狂。
But as soon as this one opened his mouth, he knew that this person's character was by no means as polite as he seemed on the surface, and there was a hint of madness in his words that he could gamble with his life at any time.
他说：“赌你我身上现在拥有的全部财产加一条命，敢吗？”
He said, "Bet all the property I have now plus a life, do you dare?" ”
王叶把人从头看到脚，又从脚看到头，心里啧啧，这变形术可真厉害，看不出半点破绽，但这位的名字正在因果卷上闪闪发光，似乎生怕王叶弄错人一般。
Wang Ye saw people from head to foot, and from foot to head, and sighed in his heart, this transformation technique is really powerful, and he can't see the slightest flaw, but this person's name is shining on the cause and effect roll, as if he is afraid that Wang Ye will make the wrong person.
王叶在对方快要等得不耐烦之际，才摇头道：“不赌。”
Wang Ye shook his head when the other party was about to wait impatiently: "Don't gamble." ”
优雅男子气笑：“胆小鬼。” Elegant manly smile: "Coward." ”
王叶非常不可爱地翻白眼：“你才是胆小鬼。你多大，我才多大？鬼知道你还能活几天，但我一定会长命绵绵无绝期。不说其他，你比我多活了那么多年，比我老那么多，怎么好意思跟我赌命？你不觉得这很不公平吗？”
Wang Ye rolled his eyes very unlovably: "You are the coward." How old are you, how old am I? Hell knows how many more days you'll live, but I'm sure I'll live a long life. Not to mention anything else, you have lived so many years longer than me, so much older than me, why are you embarrassed to gamble with me? Don't you think that's unfair? ”
优雅男子大约第一次遇到这么能怼的小孩，而且他觉得自己好像被内涵了，尤其那句鬼知道你还能活几天，特别刺耳。
优雅男子脸上做出失笑表情：“那你觉得怎样才算公平？”
The elegant man made a smiling expression on his face: "Then what do you think is fair?" ”
“三枚四级魔晶，爱比不比。另外，我不赌博，所以我们不是对赌，是对比，魔晶只是我赢得比试的奖励。”王叶取出三枚四级魔晶扔到地上。
"Three fourth-level magic crystals, love is not comparable. Also, I don't gamble, so we're not betting, it's a comparison, and the magic crystal is just a reward for me to win the competition. Wang Ye took out three fourth-level magic crystals and threw them to the ground.
啪嗒，一瓶药剂被带出口袋，掉在地上碎了。
王叶心疼得直叫唤，还试图用手把这些药剂收集起来，结果这些药剂却在他手指乱抹下，变得一团混乱。
王叶气得站在这团混乱中跺了跺脚，那三枚魔晶也被他带到脚边。
卷轴比试，所有参赛者依然不允许带入空间储物工具，但允许带上规定种类和数量的药剂，这也是大赛方事先考虑到这场比试较为困难的缘故，比如参赛者有可能受伤，那些求学者如果受伤也需要有人治疗等等。
王叶特别不讲究地把药剂塞在了口袋里，赢来的魔晶则都装入了那个玩家送给他的荷包中。
优雅男子看到王叶那番孩子气的行为，心中嘲笑再天才的小孩也只是小孩子。他也没坚持非要赌命，也扔出了三枚四级魔晶。
场外有精通魔法阵的大佬看到王叶脚下那团混乱，竟有好几人不约而同地眯了眯眼。
王叶气闷地嘀咕两句，瞅瞅优雅男，忽然道：“这位大哥，我好像看你有点眼熟，我以前是不是见过你？”
优雅男子心中一怔，脸上笑道：“你记错了，大概是我长了一张大众脸吧。”
场外，裁判室，六位总会长一起盯向优雅男子。
陨星几位大佬也面露怀疑。
闻笛盯着王叶脚下，道：“那是……错位魔法阵。他为什么突然布置这么一个魔法阵？”
雷木更是快速道：“不对，小叶子不可能认识这个人。”
王叶可是跟他说过，他进入双月星的第一天就遇到了他。换言之，之后小叶子在双月星遇到什么人，他都知道。
“你是不是能进入那小兔崽子的空间？”虫老迅速问。
雷木毫不迟疑地点头。
虫老：“我跟你进去，你带我去找他。这人不对劲。”
闻笛：“我去吧，我会魔法阵，不管对方是谁，只要他不是圣级，我都可以抵挡对方一段时间。虫老您去找六位总会长。”
兰道起身：“我和闻笛一起去，我擅长卷轴，那个比斗场就是一张圣级卷轴。”
虫老没有再争，身影一闪就从原地消失，他顺便带走了乾副校长。
而闻笛和兰道抓着雷木也闪身不见。
其他人以为雷木是被这两位大佬带走了，而不知道他们进入了雷木的精灵空间。
陨星的座位有点骚动，三位大佬和雷木突然消失，还加上一位副校长，显然是有什么事发生了。
陨星师生下意识认定和正在比赛的小叶子有关，一起盯紧了光幕。
The teachers and students of the meteorite subconsciously believed that it was related to the little leaf who was playing, and stared at the light curtain together.
比斗场中。 In the arena.
“这样啊，我还记得你名字……让我想想。”王叶歪头想了一秒钟，一拍巴掌：“算了，我们还是先比赛吧。”
"Well, I remember your name...... Let me think. Wang Ye tilted his head and thought for a second, then slapped his face: "Forget it, let's play first." ”
优雅男子紧张之下又放松，莫名有种被这个小鬼耍了一通的糟糕感，同时他还感到了一点不妙。
The elegant man was nervous and relaxed, and inexplicably had a bad feeling of being tricked by this little ghost, and at the same time he felt a little bad.
难道这个小叶子真的见过他替换的这人？
优雅男子一边想一边握住卷轴笔沾上墨水。 The elegant man thought as he held the scroll pen and dipped it in ink.
“啊！我想起来了，你是不是叫巴晨？”王叶在优雅男子刚动手之际，一声大叫。
优雅男子差点把笔按到卷轴上，幸好他实力强，稳住了。
优雅男子按住心中怒火，对小孩勉强笑笑：“没错，我就是巴晨。”
见鬼！这小孩竟然真的见过他变身的这个人。 Damn it! This kid had actually seen the person he had transformed.
王叶一听，当即开心地跟优雅男子聊起天来：“我说巴晨大哥，你怎么回事啊，记性还没有我好，上次你还跟我说要请我去你家玩，对了，你说要报答我的，还算数吗？”
When Wang Ye heard this, he immediately chatted happily with the elegant man: "I said Brother Ba Chen, what's the matter with you, your memory is not as good as mine, last time you told me that you wanted to invite me to your house to play, by the way, you said that you want to repay me, does it still count?" ”
王叶挤眉弄眼，就差没明白说让巴晨让他一把。 Wang Ye squeezed his eyebrows, and almost didn't understand that he would let Ba Chen let him do it.
优雅男子：怎么就这么不巧？！ Elegant Man: Why is it so unfortunate?!
“好好比赛，这里可不是能玩闹的地方。”优雅男子摸不清真巴晨和王叶的交情，只能板着脸做严肃状。
"Play well, this is not a place to have fun." The elegant man couldn't figure out the friendship between Zhen Ba Chen and Wang Ye, so he could only make a serious face with a straight face.
王叶撇嘴：“巴晨大哥，我记得你可不是这么守规矩的人。你今天好奇怪，不但没有认出我这个恩人，还这么正经。”
Wang Ye pouted: "Brother Ba Chen, I remember that you are not such a well-behaved person. You're so strange today, not only do you not recognize me as a benefactor, but you're still so serious. ”
优雅男子在马上动手和再描补一番中来回挣扎，他机智地说道：“谁让你穿了女装，我认识的是男孩的小叶子，可不是女孩的小叶子。”
The elegant man struggled back and forth between starting and mending again, and he said wittily: "Who made you wear women's clothes, I know the boy's little leaf, not the girl's little leaf." ”
王叶身体一僵。 Wang Ye's body stiffened.
卧槽！马甲要掉！ it! The vest is going to fall off!
这个该死的混蛋，竟然连他原本的性别都打听到了。 This damn bastard even found out his original gender.
一想到这一幕、这一段对话有可能出现在资料片中，到时如果有人深究的话，他的马甲极有可能会捂不住，他就想把对面的老家伙给干掉！
As soon as he thought of this scene and this dialogue, it was possible that he would appear in the expansion film, and if someone looked into it, his vest would most likely not be able to cover it, and he wanted to kill the old guy opposite!
更糟糕的是，今后他一旦掉马，说不定就会被全世界玩家传为“那个爱穿裙子的小学生大佬”……啊啊啊！百分百黑历史！
What's worse is that once he falls off the horse in the future, he may be rumored by players all over the world as "the schoolboy who loves to wear skirts...... Ahhh 100% Black History!
王叶表情一瞬间变得极为狰狞，但抬起头时，他脸上却是一脸诧异：“可是我当初见到你时也跟现在一样打扮啊。”
Wang Ye's expression became extremely hideous for a moment, but when he raised his head, there was a look of surprise on his face: "But when I first saw you, I was dressed the same as now." ”
瞒不下去了！他肯定已经引起六大公会总会长们的注意。假巴晨·真三月主闻言当即一不做二不休，发出一声约定的尖啸，伸手就抓向王叶，手中一张传送卷轴已经发动。
I can't hide it anymore! He must have caught the attention of the heads of the six guilds. Hearing this, the Fake Bachen True March Lord immediately stopped doing anything, let out an agreed scream, and reached out to grab Wang Ye, and a teleportation scroll in his hand had been activated.
同一时间，不下五位大佬同时出手！ At the same time, no less than five bigwigs shot at the same time!
“小叶子小心！” "Little leaf, be careful!"
观众席大哗，一半人吓得跳了起来。 There was an uproar in the audience, and half of the people jumped in fright.
这一变故，所有人都没有想到。 This change was not expected by anyone.
观众们没想到那个优雅男和小叶子貌似聊得还挺开心，竟然会突然对他动手。
The audience didn't expect that the elegant man and Xiao Yezi seemed to be chatting quite happily, and they would suddenly do something to him.
总会长大人们和各校大佬则是怎么都没想到，他们辛辛苦苦正在找的侵入者竟然这么简单就被王小叶给揪出来了。
The elders of the general association and the bigwigs of various schools never expected that the intruder they were looking for would be found out by Wang Xiaoye so easily.
该说这个小叶子的运气简直超级无敌的好吗？ Should I say that this little leaf's luck is simply super invincible, okay?
洛赫拉子爵这一刻也张大了嘴巴，如果不是他深知侵入者的实力，他都要怀疑对方是不是降智了，竟然这么容易就被一个小孩试探了出来。
Viscount Lohra also opened his mouth wide at this moment, if it weren't for the fact that he knew the strength of the intruder, he would have wondered if the other party had reduced his intelligence, and was so easily tested by a child.
不不不，该说是侵入者太倒霉，变成谁不好，竟然变成一个小孩认识的人，而且还很熟悉的样子。
No, no, no, it should be said that the intruder was too unlucky, and it was not good to become someone, and he turned into a person who was known by a child, and he was very familiar.
要说此时最最郁闷、最最憋屈的就是三月主自己了。 To say that the most depressed and aggrieved at this time is the March Lord himself.
他还特意在一堆比试者中挑选了一番，选中了这个看起来气质不错，很容易给人好感的巴晨。
He also deliberately selected among a bunch of contestants, and chose this Ba Chen, who seemed to have a good temperament and was easy to give people a good impression.
这个人还和其他人都有一层隔阂，看起来是最不容易暴露的。
This person also has a layer of estrangement from everyone else, and seems to be the least likely to be exposed.
谁想到他千挑万选的这个巴晨竟然和他的目标认识？！ Who would have thought that this Ba Chen, whom he had chosen so much, would actually know his target?!
真是……这大概是他一辈子做过的最倒霉、露破绽最快的任务，没有之一！
Is...... This is probably the most unlucky and flawed task he has ever done in his life, and there is no one!
第239章 大帝的宣言 Chapter 239: The Emperor's Declaration
三月主抓向王叶的时候很笃定，因为他知道自己的实力，他亲自出马就是为了能十拿九稳。
When the March Lord caught Wang Ye, he was very sure, because he knew his strength, and he personally went out to be able to get nine out of ten.
可为什么他第一抓竟然没抓到人？ But why didn't he catch anyone in the first place?
王叶：亲，错位魔法阵了解一下。 Wang Ye: Dear, let's take a look at the dislocation magic array.
三月主知道自己只有三秒时间脱离，他这时也顾不上会不会伤害到目标，脚下突然有树根暴涨，数十根树根一起卷向王叶。
The March Lord knew that he only had three seconds to get out, and he didn't care if he would hurt the target at this time, when a tree root suddenly swelled under his feet, and dozens of roots rolled towards Wang Ye together.
同时他还看向王叶的眼睛，声音中满含精神力：“跟我走。”
At the same time, he also looked at Wang Ye's eyes, and his voice was full of spiritual power: "Follow me." ”
王叶压根就没把自己的眼睛和对方相对，明知道对方擅长精神操控，他这时候还盯着对方看，傻吗？
Wang Ye didn't put his eyes on the other party at all, knowing that the other party was good at mental manipulation, he was still staring at the other party at this time, was it stupid?
不过那些树根有点不好解决，就在王叶想着要不要躲入空间时。
However, those tree roots were a bit difficult to solve, just when Wang Ye was thinking about whether to hide in the space.
他听到了雷木的喊声。 He heard Remu's shout.
刺啦！一道药液泼出，正正泼在那些树根上。 Sting! A liquid spilled out and hit the roots.
树根猛地缩回。 The roots of the tree jerked back.
三月主疼得发出低吼。 The March Lord let out a low roar of pain.
王叶就感到一股力量护住了自己，两道身影从自己身体中飞快跃出。
Wang Ye felt a force protect him, and two figures jumped out of his body.
其中一人还没出来就连续扔出了三张卷轴，保护、破传送、攻击！
Before one of them could come out, he threw three scrolls in a row, protecting, breaking teleportation, and attacking!
闻笛教授则凭空扔出一个缩小的魔法阵盘，阵盘变大，把王叶笼罩在魔法阵中。
Professor Wen Di threw out a shrunken magic array out of thin air, and the array became larger, enveloping Wang Ye in the magic array.
闻笛喝令王叶待在原地不要动，随后手一挥，点点药液在空中闪烁，飞向那位三月主。
Hearing the flute, he ordered Wang Ye to stay where he was and not move, and then with a wave of his hand, a little medicinal liquid flashed in the air, and flew towards the March Lord.
只比兰道和闻笛略迟一秒，炼金总会长、商业总会长和魔法师总会长，三人一起出手，前后封死了三月主的退路。
Only a second later than Landau and Wendi, the Alchemy President, the Commerce President, and the Magician President, the three of them shot together, sealing the March Lord's retreat before and after.
三月主试图抓捕王叶已经用了一秒，他的树根被攻击，让他身体停顿了一下，又用了半秒。
It had already taken a second for the March Lord to try to capture Wang Ye, and his tree roots were attacked, causing his body to pause for another half second.
传送阵发动，他原本可以离开。 The teleportation array was activated, and he could have left.
可是！有人打出了一张反传送的卷轴，破坏了整个传送通道。
But! Someone unleashed an anti-teleportation scroll that destroyed the entire teleportation channel.
三月主身体一阵扭曲，又被留在了原地。 The March Lord's body twisted and was left in place again.
又是一秒过去。 Another second passed.
随后暴雨般的攻击降临。 Then a rainstorm descended.
三月主为了自保，只能回击。 In order to protect himself, the March Lord can only fight back.
三秒就此全部用去，洛赫拉的赌斗场防御再次全开，这下就算有传送卷轴也走不了了。
The three seconds were all used, and Lohra's gambling arena defense was fully opened again, and even if there was a teleportation scroll, it would not be able to go.
三月主一看竟然有三位总会长和两位黑袍大佬出现，就知道他今天要完了。
As soon as the March Lord saw that there were three presidents and two black-robed bosses appearing, he knew that he was going to finish today.
“他想自爆！” "He wants to blow himself up!"
“做梦！” "Dreaming!"
五个大佬一起动手，三月主还想自爆？那就不可能！ The five bigwigs are working together, and the March Lord still wants to blow himself up? That can't be!
王叶就觉得他只眨了两下眼睛，一场能惊天动地的打斗就结束了。
Wang Ye felt that he only blinked his eyes twice, and an earth-shattering fight was over.
这些大佬的速度太快了，而且是五人同时出手，还稍微打了个配合。
The speed of these bigwigs is too fast, and it is five people who shoot at the same time, and they also cooperate a little.
三月主除非已经半神，否则就是圣级也没办法逃脱。 Unless the March Lord is already a demigod, there is no way to escape even if he is a saint.
更何况洛赫拉一看风头向六大公会那边倾斜，自然毫不犹豫地也出手遏制了三月主，他的赌斗场可以压制敌人的实力。
What's more, as soon as Lohra saw that the limelight was tilting towards the side of the six major guilds, he naturally did not hesitate to take action to curb the March Lord, and his gambling arena could suppress the enemy's strength.
其实不用洛赫拉出手，三月主也必定完蛋。 In fact, without Lohla's help, the Lord of March would be doomed.
场外观众的表情和王叶差不多，都是：“啊！哇！？噢！！！”
The expressions of the audience outside the venue were similar to Wang Ye's, all of them: "Ah! Wow!? Oh!!! ”
三月主身体倒在地上，身体千疮百孔，脑袋也被炸出了一个大洞，地上掉落了不少树根。
The March Lord's body fell to the ground, his body was riddled with holes, and a large hole was blown out of his head, and many tree roots fell from the ground.
王叶啧啧摇头，惨，真的太惨了。 Wang Ye shook his head, miserable, really miserable.
一颗种子悄无声息地滚到王叶脚边，黏上他的鞋底。 A seed silently rolled to Wang Ye's feet and stuck to the sole of his shoe.
王叶眼睛瞥到，确定那里只有一股很微弱的精神力，当即速度飞快地把那只鞋子脱下来扔进了虫巢里。
Wang Ye's eyes glimpsed it, and he was sure that there was only a very weak spiritual power there, so he immediately took off the shoe and threw it into the insect nest with great speed.
这时空间暴露也就暴露吧，反正他几位师父肯定会帮他找一堆理由。
At this time, the space will be exposed, anyway, his masters will definitely help him find a bunch of reasons.
闻笛恰好转头看到，亲昵地敲敲他的脑袋：“干嘛呢？”
Wen Di happened to turn his head and saw it, and knocked his head affectionately: "What are you doing?" ”
“鞋底粘了一些东西，脏了，换一只。”王叶伸手，抓住雷木扔出来的干净鞋子，重新套上。
"Something stuck to the soles of the shoes, dirty, change one." Wang Ye stretched out his hand, grabbed the clean shoes thrown by Lei Mu, and put them back on.
兰道正在和廖女士一起检查三月主的尸体。 Landau is inspecting the body of the March Lord with Ms. Liao.
三位总会长似乎从闻笛的攻击手法中认出了他，对他点点头。
The three guildmen seemed to recognize him from Wen Di's attack and nodded at him.
商业总会长忽然笑道：“你们可真是关心这个小家伙，竟然来的速度比我们还快。这是用的什么手法？”
The general president of commerce suddenly smiled and said, "You really care about this little guy, and he came faster than us." What is the technique? ”
兰道特别淡定地说：“我做的卷轴定位，极度危险时可以自动把我传送到我的弟子身边，有问题吗？”
Lan Dao said very calmly: "The scroll positioning I made can automatically teleport me to my disciple when it is extremely dangerous, is there a problem?" ”
“当然没有。”商业总会长在打量兰道，似乎在猜测他的身份。
"Of course not." The president of commerce was looking at Landau, as if guessing his identity.
这时隐瞒身份已经没必要，相反倒是很有必要让人知道王叶的后台有多雄厚。兰道抬手，黑袍的大帽子从他的头发上滑落，露出了他的绝美容颜。
At this time, it is no longer necessary to conceal his identity, on the contrary, it is necessary to let people know how strong Wang Ye's backstage is. Landau raised his hand, and the large black-robed hat slipped from his hair, revealing his stunning beauty.
观众席，不知多少人在此时倒吸一口凉气。 In the audience, I don't know how many people gasped at this time.
妈妈啊！这世上竟然有这么美的人。 Mom! There are such beautiful people in this world.
陨星的学生发出尖叫，捧脸痴迷地喊：“啊啊啊！是兰道教授！”
The students of the Falling Star let out a scream, holding their faces and shouting obsessively, "Ahhhhhhh It's Professor Landau! ”
兰道大名还是很响亮的，尤其他和某位大帝之间的感情纠纷，看似隐秘，其实不少人都知道。
The name of Landau is still very loud, especially the emotional dispute between him and a certain emperor, which seems to be secret, but in fact, many people know it.
“兰道？真的是那个兰道？” "Landau? Is it really that Landau? ”
“就是他！卷轴大宗师兰道！传说中的木系精灵混血儿，天下第一美人！啊啊啊，没想到我有能亲眼见到他的一天，我可以瞑目了。”
"That's him! Scroll Grand Master Landau! The legendary wood-based elf hybrid, the first beauty in the world! Ahh ”
比试场内，廖女士扫向王叶，又看向兰道，这位对谁都有点苛刻的总会长，面对兰道时，说话声音都温和了三分：“你的弟子？他的卷轴是你教的？”
In the competition room, Ms. Liao swept towards Wang Ye and then at Lan Dao, the president who was a little harsh on everyone, and when facing Lan Dao, her voice was three points softer: "Your disciple? His scrolls were taught by you? ”
兰道很是骄傲地勾起唇角，露出一个绝世无双的超美笑容。
Landau proudly curled the corners of his lips, revealing a peerless and beautiful smile.
“噢噢噢噢！”观众席一片狼嚎。 "Oooo The audience howled with wolves.
廖女士：“怪不得他小小年纪，卷轴绘制这么厉害。” Ms. Liao: "No wonder he is so good at scroll drawing at such a young age. ”
商业总会长惊讶：“没想到你会收弟子。” The general president of commerce was surprised: "I didn't expect you to accept disciples." ”
“小叶子很有卷轴的天赋。”兰道揉揉王叶的脑袋。 "Little Leaf has a talent for scrolls." Landau rubbed Wang Ye's head.
嗷嗷嗷，美人揉我脑袋啊！无数人羡慕妒忌恨地捶胸顿足。那个小叶子的运气怎么那么好，竟然会有这么美、这么厉害的师父！
Wow, the beauty rubs my head! Countless people beat their chests with envy and jealousy. How could that little leaf's luck be so good, there would be such a beautiful and powerful master!
“等等，小叶子不是刚拜了闻笛教授吗？这么说，他现在有两个超级大佬当师父？卧槽！这是什么运道？”
"Wait, didn't Xiao Yezi just worship Professor Wendi? So, he now has two super bosses as masters? it! What kind of luck is this? ”
就在这时，会场中突然响起了一道冷漠又似对什么都无所谓的懒洋洋声音：“我不管对小叶子动手的人是谁，你们准备好付出代价了吗？”
At this moment, a lazy voice suddenly sounded in the venue that was indifferent and seemed to be indifferent to anything: "I don't care who the person who did it to Xiao Yezi is, are you ready to pay the price?" ”
众人一愣，这声音貌似有点熟悉？ Everyone was stunned, this voice seemed a little familiar?
对了，前天刚听过！这声音不是那位大帝吗？ By the way, I just heard it the day before yesterday! Isn't this voice the Emperor?
咦咦咦？为什么大帝会为小叶子撑腰？那位大帝和小叶子是什么关系？
Huh? Why would the Emperor support Xiao Yezi? What is the relationship between that emperor and Xiao Yezi?
大帝很快就为大家解惑了：“我从来没有承认过撒埃德和撒奇尔父子俩的帝国继承权，我有自己的血脉，何必要把帝位传给别人。之前没说，只是出于保护他们的想法。但今天，我想很有必要让某些人知道，有些人绝不是你们轻易可碰的。在陨星上学的雷木和小叶子就是我的骨血，是我的亲孙，他们才是我银月帝国真正的继承人。你们动他们，就是动我！”
The Emperor quickly explained everyone's confusion: "I have never recognized the imperial succession of Saeed and Thatcher, father and son, I have my own bloodline, why should I pass on the throne to others." I didn't say it before, just out of the idea of protecting them. But today, I think it's important to let some people know that there are some people who are by no means easy for you to touch. Lei Mu and Xiao Yezi, who studied in the Meteorite, are my blood and bones, my own grandchildren, and they are the true heirs of my Silver Moon Empire. If you move them, you will move me! ”
啊啊啊啊啊！ Ahh
会场爆了。 The venue exploded.
陨星师生最为吃惊。 The teachers and students of the Meteorite were the most surprised.
雷木和小叶子竟然是那位大帝的亲生骨肉？ Lei Mu and Xiao Yezi turned out to be the emperor's own flesh and blood?
而这一刻，最高兴的竟然不是陨星学生，而是数百名来自银月帝国的观众。
And at this moment, the happiest people were not the Meteorite students, but hundreds of viewers from the Silver Moon Empire.
这些人在片刻惊讶呆滞后，猛地爆发出兴奋无比的欢呼。
The men were stunned for a moment, and then burst into cheers of great excitement.
“大帝万岁！陛下万岁！继承人万岁！” "Long live the Emperor! Long live Your Majesty! Long live the heir! ”
太好了！他们银月帝国的继承人根本就不是那对愚蠢又狠毒的父子俩，而是超级天才超级出色的小叶子啊啊啊！
That's great! The heir of their Silver Moon Empire is not the stupid and vicious father and son at all, but the super genius and super outstanding Xiao Yezi!
还有雷木也很优秀，而且看起来又帅气又稳重，非常具有领导者的气质，一看就具有帝王气！
And Lei Mu is also very good, and he looks handsome and steady, very with the temperament of a leader, and he has an imperial spirit at a glance!
这对兄弟还优秀到和其他学校、其他种族的天才学生们结下了深厚友情，这是怎样的继承人哦！简直天降双月！
The two brothers are so good that they have formed a deep friendship with gifted students from other schools and races, what kind of heirs are they! It's a double moon from heaven!
对对对，一定是双月神子降临他们银月帝国了！ Yes, yes, it must be the Twin Moon Divine Son who has descended on their Silver Moon Empire!
银月帝国的观众甚至在这时都帮这对兄弟安排好了，大的雷木当帝王，小的小叶子就帮助哥哥，哇哇，这个组合绝对横扫天下，他们银月帝国至少可以再延续三百年！
The audience of the Silver Moon Empire even arranged for the two brothers at this time, the big Lei Mu was the emperor, and the small little leaf helped the elder brother, wow, this combination definitely swept the world, and their Silver Moon Empire could last for at least another three hundred years!
哇哈哈哈哈！银月帝国的观众都开心疯了，他们不顾颜面的又蹦又跳，双手疯狂摇摆，大声欢呼，就是某些贵族也止不住地露出骄傲又极度喜悦的神情。
Wha! The audience of the Silver Moon Empire was crazy with joy, they jumped and jumped regardless of their faces, their hands swayed wildly, and they cheered loudly, even some nobles couldn't help but show proud and extremely joyful expressions.
这时，这些银月帝国人看向周围人的神情再也不是躲避和尴尬，而是高高昂起了脑袋，前两天他们有多憋屈和丢脸，今天就有多扬眉吐气！
At this time, the expressions of these Silver Moon Empire people looking at the people around them were no longer evasive and embarrassed, but they held their heads high, how aggrieved and embarrassed they were two days ago, how much they raised their eyebrows today!
这下我看你们谁再嘲笑我们银月帝国？ Now I see which of you will laugh at our Silver Moon Empire again?
谁能？谁敢？ Who can? Who would dare?
就问这双月星有哪个王国的继承人有我们银月这对兄弟这么牛掰？啊，你们说啊！
Just ask, which kingdom has the heir of this twin moon star who has our Silver Moon brothers so bullish? Ah, you say!
哈哈哈，妒忌吧！羡慕吧！对着我们帝国流口水吧！因为那对兄弟是我们帝国的！啊啊啊！众神保佑啊！
Hahaha, be jealous! Envy it! Droole over our empire! Because those brothers belong to our empire! Ahhh God willing!
撒埃德今天没有来会场，他还在为自己的身体情况烦忧，甚至连被大帝带走的独生子都顾不上。
Saeed didn't come to the venue today, he was still worried about his physical condition, and he couldn't even care about his only son who was taken away by the emperor.
但他没来，他还是安排了属下过来。 But he didn't come, so he still arranged for his subordinates to come over.
而这时他的属下一个个都面色极度难看，他们正在考虑要不要把这个可怕的消息传回给公爵大人知道。
At this time, all his subordinates were extremely ugly, and they were considering whether to pass on the terrible news back to the Duke.
大帝可是不止对外宣布了他的继承人，同样也公然对外否决了公爵父子俩的合法继承权。
The emperor not only announced his heir to the outside world, but also openly vetoed the legal inheritance rights of the duke's father and son.
公爵知道这件事，会疯的吧？ The Duke would be crazy if he knew about this, right?
虫老听到那位大帝的宣言，脸色不太好地低骂一声。 When the worm elder heard the emperor's declaration, he scolded in a low voice with a not very good face.
乾副校长这时也是脑袋稀昏，低声询问虫老：“雷木和小叶子真的是那位大帝的骨血？”
Vice Principal Qian was also dizzy at this time, and asked the worm elder in a low voice: "Lei Mu and Xiao Yezi are really the blood and bones of the emperor?" ”
虫老已经听两小和兰道提过他们的身世，当即没好气地道：“做梦！美不死他！就雷木是，小叶子不是。”
The worm elder had already heard Liangxiao and Landau mention their life experiences, and immediately said angrily: "Dream! Beauty doesn't kill him! As far as Lei Mu is, Xiao Ye is not. ”
“可他为什么要对外宣布小叶子是？撒尔曼是什么人，他说出口的话能是开玩笑吗？他今天说小叶子是他的继承人，小叶子不管是不是他的骨血，都会拥有银月帝国的继承权。就算他日后否认，小叶子如果有野心，也能以此为借口抢他真继承人的帝位。”乾副校长一时想不明白。
"But why did he announce Xiao Yezi to the public? Who is Salman, and can he be joking? He said today that Xiao Yezi is his heir, and whether Xiao Yezi is his blood or not, he will have the inheritance of the Silver Moon Empire. Even if he denies it in the future, if Xiao Yezi has ambitions, he can use this as an excuse to snatch the throne of his true heir. Vice President Qian couldn't figure it out for a while.
虫老人老成精，他听完大帝的宣言，就猜出了对方的心思，这也是他声音很冷的原因：“他在一石二鸟。一来，这样做可以保护雷木。比起不显山不露水的雷木，小叶子更引人注意。如果有人要对撒尔曼的继承人下手，小叶子比雷木更容易成为目标。”
The old man is old and mature, and after listening to the emperor's declaration, he guessed the other party's thoughts, which is why his voice is very cold: "He is killing two birds with one stone." For one, doing so can protect Thunderwood. Compared with the inconspicuous thunderwood, the small leaves are more eye-catching. If someone were to attack Salman's heir, Koha would be an easier target than Remu. ”
“艹！这么说，大帝在拿小叶子当靶子？” "! So, the emperor is using Xiaoye as a target? ”
“嗯。而且小叶子那么喜欢他大哥，从根子上，小叶子就不可能去抢雷木的帝位，只会帮助他。撒尔曼就是看出这点，才敢这么宣布。而且就算小叶子真的想要帝位，撒尔曼也只有高兴的份！骨血算什么，他要是在意骨血，早就生一堆孩子了。而以小叶子现在打出的名气和人气，撒尔曼宣布他是继承人之一，只会大大提高银月帝国的民众向心力。”
"Hmm. And Xiao Yezi likes his eldest brother so much, from the root, it is impossible for Xiao Yezi to snatch Lei Mu's throne, but only help him. It was when Salman saw this that he dared to make such an announcement. And even if Xiao Yezi really wants the throne, Salman can only be happy! What is bone and blood, if he cared about bone and blood, he would have given birth to a bunch of children a long time ago. And with Xiao Yezi's current fame and popularity, Salman announced that he was one of the heirs, which would only greatly increase the centripetal force of the people of the Silver Moon Empire. ”
“不信你现在去问问银月帝国的人，说他们的帝国继承人是小叶子，你看他们怎么说。我保证一个个都会兴高采烈欢欣鼓舞恨不得马上就把小叶子抢回他们帝国！”
"If you don't believe it, go and ask the people of the Silver Moon Empire now, saying that their imperial heir is Xiao Yezi, you see what they say. I promise that they will all be elated, jubilant, and eager to snatch Xiaoye back to their empire right away! ”
乾副校长听明白了，不禁对那位大帝大感佩服。这打算，可真是赚到家了。
Vice President Qian understood and couldn't help but admire the emperor. This plan is really earned.
虫老气，撒尔曼这是堂堂正正的阳谋，他的身份和背景也确实能给小叶子以保护。这让他们这些做师父的想否认都不好否认。
The insect is old-fashioned, Salman is an upright conspiracy, and his identity and background can indeed protect Xiaoyezi. This makes it difficult for those of them who are masters to deny it.
就算撒尔曼不说小叶子是他的继承人，以小叶子现在出的风头，他也会成为不少人的目标。
Even if Salman doesn't say that Xiao Yezi is his heir, with Xiao Yezi's current limelight, he will become the target of many people.
所以撒尔曼现在这么一宣布，虽然有可能给小叶子再增加一些仇家，但也给小叶子多添了一层保护。
So as soon as Salman announces it now, although it is possible to add some enemies to Xiao Yezi, it also adds an extra layer of protection to Xiao Yezi.
两相抵消，虫老也就默认了撒尔曼的说法。 The two canceled each other, and the worm old acquiesced to Salman's statement.
不过既然要加保护，那就多多益善，他好不容易才得到这么一个小兔崽子，可不想他那么快就玩完。
But since he wants to be protected, the more the merrier, he finally got such a little rabbit cub, but he didn't want him to finish playing so quickly.
“看来我是很久没出现了，以至于让大家都忘了我这个糟老头子。我费心费力调教出来的蠢徒弟，是给某些人抓去研究用的吗？我不管你们躲在哪个阴沟里，敢对我的弟子小叶子出手，那么你们就做好被我找出来的准备吧。试想过万虫噬心的滋味吗？你们现在可以开始想了。”
"It seems like I haven't been there for a long time, so that everyone has forgotten about me, a bad old man. Is the stupid apprentice I bothered to train for some people to study? I don't care which gutter you are hiding in, if you dare to make a move on my disciple Xiao Yezi, then you should be prepared to be found out by me. Have you ever imagined the taste of ten thousand insects devouring your heart? You can start thinking now. ”
“虫老魔！”有人惊呼。 "Worm Boss!" Someone exclaimed.
“什么？虫老魔也在会场？” "What? The old demon is also at the venue? ”
“等等，虫老魔也是小叶子的师父？” "Wait, the worm old demon is also Xiao Yezi's master?"
“原来虫老魔真的藏在陨星！” "It turns out that the old demon is really hiding in the meteorite!"
“虫老魔、闻笛、兰道……这些人竟然都进了陨星……那里还藏着一对大帝的继承人，天哪！”
"Worm Old Devil, Wendi, Landau...... These people have all entered the meteorite...... There is also a pair of heirs of the Great hidden there, oh my! ”
“不得了，陨星这是要成为超凡者学校第一了吗？” "It's terrible, is Meteorite going to be the number one in the transcendent school?"
这一刻，众人望向陨星的眼神，就跟陨星突然镶上了一圈华丽的金边，闪得都要亮瞎人的眼睛。
At this moment, everyone's eyes looked at the meteorite, just like the meteorite suddenly inlaid with a gorgeous gold rim, flashing so brightly that the eyes of the blind were bright.
陨星上下全都挺直了背脊。 The meteorite straightened its back.
乾副校长却只觉得无数利刺刺向他们。 Vice Principal Qian, however, only felt that countless sharp thorns were stabbing at them.
原本小叶子崭露头角，显示出他超级天才的一面，外面人对他们学校的窥探就多了许多，更有些人在试图动手脚抓捕小叶子。
Originally, Xiao Yezi came to prominence, showing his super genius side, and there were many more snoops on their school by outsiders, and some people were trying to capture Xiao Yezi with their hands and feet.
等到闻笛也转校到他们学校，陨星就冲到了风口浪尖上。
When Wendi also transferred to their school, the meteorite rushed to the cusp.
如今，那个撒尔曼还横插一脚，宣布了雷木和小叶子的继承人身份。陨星这会儿可谓是集万众妒忌于一身，根本就是被架在了火堆上。
Now, that Salman has also stepped in and announced the identity of Lei Mu and Xiao Yezi's heirs. The meteorite can be said to be a combination of jealousy at this time, and it is simply set on the fire.
荣誉，但同样也充满风险！ Honor, but also full of risks!
校长这个甩手大混蛋到底在哪里？为什么他还不出现？！他真的兜不住了啊！
Where the hell is the headmaster, the big bastard who shook his hands? Why doesn't he show up yet?! He really can't hold back!
一只手突然按住乾副校长的肩膀。 A hand suddenly pressed on Vice Principal Qian's shoulder.
乾副校长肌肉一紧，又迅速放松下来。 Vice Principal's muscles tightened, and he quickly relaxed.
啊啊啊，这个混蛋终于出现了。 Ahhh
其他学校的师生也看到了乾副校长身后出现的怪人。 Teachers and students from other schools also saw the strange man who appeared behind Vice Principal Qian.
那是一个身材高大却少了一只胳膊的独臂者，这人长相极为阳刚，脸和身体真正像是刀刻斧凿，头发偏长，在脑后扎着一个小揪揪，下巴胡子拉渣，眼睛下方还有点青黑，就像是睡眠不足一样。
It was a tall one-armed man with a missing arm, and he was extremely masculine, his face and body were really like a knife and an axe, his hair was long, he had a small tuck at the back of his head, his chin was stubbed, and his eyes were a little black, as if he had not been sleep-deprived.
但没有人敢小看这位。 But no one dares to underestimate this.
独臂武宗时穿行，圣级武师，双月星最顶尖的强者之一。
The one-armed martial arts sect is a saint-level martial artist, one of the top powerhouses of the Double Moon Star.
想想看，一位武修竟然成为一座魔法学校的校长，也足见他有多么强悍，至少他要强悍到学校那些魔法师和异术者们都对他心服口服的程度。
Think about it, a martial artist has become the principal of a magic school, which shows how strong he is, at least he must be strong enough that the magicians and magicians in the school are convinced of him.
“你这个混蛋怎么才来？”乾明和时穿行校长说话很不客气，他们是朋友，也是性命相交的好伙伴。
"Why did you come here, you bastard?" Qianming and the principal spoke very politely, they were friends and good partners in life.
原本乾明应该是陨星的校长，但他自认实力不行，不能威慑世间，就把好友顶到了那个位置上。这也是他为什么任劳任怨地在学校操劳，而把时穿行放出去随便浪的最大原因。
Originally, Qianming was supposed to be the principal of the Falling Star, but he thought that his strength was not good and he couldn't deter the world, so he put his friend in that position. This is also the biggest reason why he works hard at school and lets out the time to wander casually.
时穿行确实不擅长行政工作，也坐不住。他就是学校对外的最大震慑，是学校的靠山和护校神兽。
Shi Chuanxing is really not good at administrative work, and he can't sit still. He is the biggest deterrent to the outside world, the school's backer and guardian beast.
时穿行大大咧咧地在乾副校长身旁坐下，还掏出一个酒壶灌了一口，咂咂嘴：“这不是你给我的任务吗？我去调查那些搞魂转阵的家伙，一路追到他们老家，但那些人渣狡猾得很，狡兔三窖，我一个个搜索灭根总要时间。”
Shi Guoxing sat down next to Vice Principal Qian with a big grin, and took out a wine jug and poured it, smacking his lips: "Isn't this the task you gave me?" I went to investigate those soul-stirring guys, and chased them all the way to their hometown, but those scum are very cunning, cunning rabbits, and it always takes time for me to search for the root one by one. ”
时穿行没说自己早几天就过来的事，他可不想被乾明揪住天天蹲在那里做行政工作。再说，他也没浪费这几天时间，有些小老鼠的行踪已经给他摸到，还给他摸到了老巢，就等着比试结束，带人去把那老巢给掀了。
Shi Chuanxing didn't say anything about coming over a few days earlier, he didn't want to be caught by Qianming and squatted there every day to do administrative work. Besides, he didn't waste these few days, the whereabouts of some little mice had already been touched for him, and he had also touched the old nest for him, so he waited for the end of the competition and took someone to lift the old nest.
如果不是今天撒尔曼突然来这么一手，加上兰道也露脸了，他可是打算一路暗中跟随学校回去，好在路上再抓几只敢对他们出手的见不得人的败类。
If it weren't for the fact that Salman suddenly came to such a hand today, and Landau also showed his face, he planned to secretly follow the school all the way back, so that he could catch a few more unsightly scum who dared to attack them on the way.
乾明闻言，没再说什么，那边的事确实也很重要。 When Qian Ming heard this, he didn't say anything more, and the matter over there was indeed very important.
虫老看到校长时穿行出现，心中也安定不少。谁让他脑子中有只虫子，实力不能全部发挥出来。如果他能发挥全部的实力，也不会只让闻笛和兰道跑去救小叶子，他一定亲手去把那个假巴晨给揍成渣！
When the insect elder saw the principal, he walked through and appeared, and his heart was also a lot more settled. Whoever let him have a worm in his head, his strength can't be fully exerted. If he can exert all his strength, he will not just let Wen Di and Lan Dao run to save Xiao Yezi, he will definitely beat that fake Ba Chen into scum with his own hands!
这位校长实力是真强，有他在，陨星稳如定盘山。 The strength of this principal is really strong, and with him, the meteorite is as stable as a fixed mountain.
“陨星校长出现了！” "Headmaster Meteor has appeared!"
“是时校长，真是好久不见了，这位可是圣级武修啊，听说他是非常接近半神阶层的那几个人之一呢。”
"It's Principal Shi, it's been a long time, this is a saint-level martial cultivator, I heard that he is one of the few people who are very close to the demigod level."
其他学校，包括观众席某些人，见到这位校长出现，也不敢再盯着陨星看，有小心思的更要藏起自己的小心思。
Other schools, including some people in the audience, did not dare to stare at the meteor anymore when they saw the principal appear, and those who were careful had to hide their own thoughts.
这个时穿行可不是个讲理的主儿，他比起讲理，更喜欢动拳头，打起来超级疯狂。
At this time, he is not a reasonable master, he prefers to move his fists to reason, and the fight is super crazy.
和他同级的人都不敢和他打，搞不好就被这位以伤换命地给搞死了。
No one at his level dared to fight him, and if he didn't do it, he was killed by this person who exchanged his life for injuries.
时穿行少的那支胳膊就是用两名圣级大佬的性命换来的。
The arm that traveled less was bought with the lives of two saint-level bosses.
就问，谁敢招惹这么一个疯子？ Just ask, who would dare to provoke such a madman?
会场足足沸腾了半个多小时，之后会场也没能全部安静下来，到处都是兴奋议论的人声。
The venue was boiling for more than half an hour, and after that, the venue was not completely quiet, and there were excited voices everywhere.
双月的布鲁校长在听到那位大帝的宣告后，他的心情就从低谷坠落到了深渊。
After hearing the Emperor's announcement, Principal Blue, who was in the second month, fell from the trough to the abyss.
撒尔曼的宣言就像是无声的耳光，抽得布鲁心脏都在滴血。
Salman's proclamation was like a silent slap in the face, and Blu's heart was bleeding.
他以为自己偷摘了一棵生虫的烂果子，结果呢？ He thought he had stolen the rotten fruit of a worm, but what happened?
那棵烂果子竟然还只是障眼法，他从头到尾都错得可笑更可悲！
That rotten fruit turned out to be just a trick, and he was ridiculously wrong from beginning to end, even more pathetic!
隔壁的帝位继承人竟然是小叶子和雷木！ The heirs to the throne next door turned out to be Xiao Yezi and Lei Mu!
根本就不是他认为的撒奇尔。 Not at all what he thought Thatcher was.
那个小叶子还把他们学校的闻笛教授给勾走了！ That little leaf also hooked up their school's Wendi professor!
偏偏这个小叶子还是一个世所罕见的超级天才，更有难得地凝聚力，包括雷木也是。银月帝国有了这对兄弟，他们必然还会再兴盛两三百年。
It's just that this little leaf is still a rare super genius in the world, and it is even more rare to be cohesive, including Lei Mu. With these two brothers in the Silver Moon Empire, they will inevitably prosper for another two or three hundred years.
如果那对兄弟有开疆拓土的心，他们双月未来能抵挡吗？
If that pair of brothers has the heart to expand their territory, will they be able to resist it in the future?
银月帝国、陨星魔法学校、兰道、闻笛、虫老魔，还有其他有可能暗中支持那对兄弟的各族……
The Silver Moon Empire, the Meteorite School of Magic, Landau, Wendi, the Worm Boss, and many other races that might secretly support the brothers......
不知不觉间，那对兄弟已经有了非常可怕的雄厚资本。 Before they knew it, the brothers already had a very terrible amount of capital.
布鲁校长苦笑，他真的服了撒尔曼。这得是多长远的布局，才能把这对优秀的骨血隐藏到现在？
Principal Blue smiled wryly, he really obeyed Salman. How long does this have to be to hide this pair of excellent bones and blood until now?
布鲁校长也想明白了，怪不得撒尔曼会巴巴跑来看这场各校大比，这哪里是为了那个侄孙，根本就是为了一对亲孙子！
Principal Blue also figured it out, no wonder Salman would come to see this competition between the schools, where is this for that nephew, it is simply for a pair of grandchildren!
哦，还有可能也是为了兰道。 Oh, and maybe it's for Landau too.
想想当年这两人闹得有多僵？各种流言满天飞。 Think about how stiff these two people were back then? All kinds of rumors are flying.
结果二十年后，兰道出现在陨星，还成为了撒尔曼骨血小叶子的卷轴师父。
As a result, twenty years later, Landau appeared in the meteorite and became the scroll master of Salman's Bone and Blood Leaf.
啧，原本以为两人关系差的，还想借着两人关系挑拨些什么的，现在都可以洗洗睡了。
Tsk, I originally thought that the relationship between the two was poor, and I wanted to use the relationship between the two to stir up something or something, but now I can wash and sleep.
人家那边明显就是一家人！ It's obviously a family over there!
这场卷轴大比还没有结束，小叶子和雷木这对兄弟的身世传闻就以不可思议的速度传播了出去。
This reeling competition has not yet ended, and the rumors of the origins of the brothers, Xiao Ye and Lei Mu, have spread at an incredible speed.
拜月教也好、屠魔教也好、长生会也好，听到这个传闻后都有些想要磨牙的欲望。
Whether it is the Lunatic Cult, the Demon Slayer Sect, or the Immortal Society, they all have some desire to grind their teeth after hearing this rumor.
好嘛，他们好不容易找到一个比较特殊的小苗子，谁想这小苗子的背景会硬到这种程度，真正谁咬谁崩牙。
Well, they finally found a special little seedling, who thought that the background of this little seedling would be so hard, who really bites his teeth and breaks his teeth.
没见那位三月主就这么折了吗？ Didn't you see that the March Lord was folded like this?
一时，原本对小叶子还有些想法的组织都暂停了捕捉计划。
For a while, the organizations that originally had some ideas about Xiao Ye suspended the capture plan.
为了一个中了千木之毒的小孩子，得罪这么一大圈的超级势力和超级大佬，真的太不划算了。
For the sake of a child who has been poisoned by a thousand trees, it is really not cost-effective to offend such a large circle of super forces and super bosses.
第240章 特殊奖励 Chapter 240: Special Rewards
侵入者被消灭后，五位大佬退出了洛赫拉的赌斗场。 After the intruder was eliminated, the five bigwigs exited Lohra's gambling arena.
卷轴比试继续。 The reel contest continues.
小光悠悠哉哉地飞回来，“咿咿~”我顺着那人的精神力，找到他藏起来的东西了。
Xiaoguang flew back leisurely, "Babbling~" I followed the man's mental power and found what he had hidden.
王叶精神一振：“把东西扔到虫巢里。” Wang Ye perked up: "Throw things into the hive." ”
“咿~” "Babble~"
王叶眉开眼笑。刚才五位大佬对阵那个三月主，那三月主并没有拿出许多魔器抵抗，死后几位大佬也没在他身上发现储物工具。
Wang Yemei smiled. Just now, the five bigwigs faced against the March Lord, and the March Lord didn't take out many magic weapons to resist, and after his death, several bigwigs didn't find storage tools on him.
这据说是赌斗场的规矩，为了防止比斗者作弊，除了必要的魔武、魔晶、药剂和材料可以带在身上，这些还都得先给赌斗场检查过，其他东西要么寄存在赌斗场，要么在上场之前就得先存放起来。
This is said to be the rule of the gambling arena, in order to prevent the contestant from cheating, in addition to the necessary magic weapons, magic crystals, potions and materials can be brought on the body, these must be checked in the gambling arena first, and other things must either be stored in the gambling arena or stored before the game.
三月主肯定不愿意把自己的储物工具寄存给赌斗场，可他又不能违反规则，那他只有把自己的储物工具藏在更衣室和休息室之类的地方。
The March Lord certainly didn't want to leave his storage in the gambling room, but he couldn't break the rules, so he had to hide his storage in the locker room and lounge.
三月主走的时候也不用担心把储物工具遗留下来，通常等级较高的储物工具会有接受主人召唤回归主人身边的功能，这也是为了防止在战斗中遗失。
There is no need to worry about leaving storage tools behind when the March Lord leaves, usually higher-level storage tools will have the function of accepting the master's summons and returning to the master's side, which is also to prevent them from being lost in battle.
除非储物工具被人抹去精神链接，那这个储物工具就找不回来了。
Unless someone erases the spiritual link of the storage tool, then the storage tool cannot be recovered.
“咿咿！”我还找到了其他储物工具。 "Babble!" I also found other storage tools.
王叶心动无比，但想到因果之力，只能忍痛道：“其他人的就算了，除非是这个赌斗场主人的，其他比斗者的都不能拿，会很麻烦。”
Wang Ye's heart was extremely moved, but when he thought of the power of cause and effect, he could only endure the pain and said: "Forget about other people's, unless it is the owner of this gambling arena, no other fighter can take it, it will be very troublesome." ”
“咿！”胆小鬼。 "Bah!" Coward.
王叶哼唧。胆小鬼就胆小鬼，现在拿一时爽，事后就要火葬场了。
Wang Ye hummed. Cowards are cowards, it's cool to take it for a while now, and it's going to be crematoriums afterwards.
“学习之心找到了吗？” "Have you found your heart to learn?"
“咿~”正在找。 "Babble~" is looking for it.
王叶眼珠一转：“我怀疑那东西还在之前的城堡里，不在书房，就在工作室和卧室之类的地方。”
Wang Ye's eyes rolled: "I suspect that thing is still in the previous castle, not in the study, but in the studio and bedroom or something." ”
因为任务是那时候发布出来的，也就是说只要通关城堡任务，是有可能得到学习之心的。
Because the quest was released at that time, that is to say, as long as you clear the castle quest, it is possible to get the heart of learning.
相反这个比斗场是真的比斗，和学习完全无关。 On the contrary, this arena is a real competition, and it has nothing to do with learning.
小光也正觉得这个比斗场的防御力太麻烦，让它们无法好好发挥，闻言就很激动地表示它们要回去那座城堡转转。
Xiaoguang also felt that the defense power of this arena was too troublesome, so they could not play it well, and when they heard this, they were very excited to say that they wanted to go back to the castle.
“去吧，去吧，记得时间，我让你们回来，你们就赶紧回来。”
"Go, go, remember the time, I'll let you come back, you will come back quickly."
小光招呼属下沿着那条敞开的通道呼啸而去。 Xiaoguang beckoned his subordinates to whizz along the open passage.
洛赫拉子爵这时还不知道自己的某个幻境历练场就要被人搬空，他现在的注意力都在赌斗场这边。
Viscount Lohra didn't know that one of his illusion training grounds was about to be emptied, and his attention was now on the gambling arena.
在他看来，城堡那边就是一群小孩子和一些低级试炼者，而城堡也只是幻境而已，那里又有他的意识复制体，完全没必要多注意。
In his opinion, there was a group of children and some low-level trialists on the other side of the castle, and the castle was just an illusion, and there were copies of his consciousness there, so there was no need to pay much attention to it.
王叶和其他参赛者继续和城堡方面安排的比斗者进行比斗。
Wang Ye and the other contestants continued to compete with the contestants arranged by the castle.
这种比斗也不能说完全公平，因为比斗对象的实力不一定相等。
This kind of competition cannot be said to be completely fair, because the strength of the opponents is not necessarily equal.
但有实力的人还是会展现出自己的能力，在比斗场中，参赛者很快就按照各人实力等级分成了几个层次。
However, those with strength will still show their abilities, and in the arena, the contestants are quickly divided into several levels according to their strength levels.
最低是四级，最高是五级。 The lowest is level four, and the highest is level five.
三级的都没能进入比斗场，还在城堡那边带人，带得焦头烂额。
The third-level ones failed to enter the arena, and they were still leading people on the castle side, and they were overwhelmed.
到比斗的最后半小时，洛赫拉把所有进入比斗场的参赛者按照等级集中在一起，让他们互相比斗，直到决出最后一名胜者。
In the last half hour of the competition, Lochra gathered all the contestants who entered the arena according to their rank and asked them to compete against each other until the final winner was determined.
王叶收敛了一点，他的卷轴实力在搏命之城的知识之塔时就已经达到六级，但他发现参赛学生的实力平均都在四级，能达到五级的都极少，六级的到现在都没看见一个。
Wang Ye restrained a little, his scroll strength had already reached level six when he was in the Tower of Knowledge in the City of Fighting Lives, but he found that the average strength of the participating students was at level four, and there were very few who could reach level five, and he hadn't seen a single level six so far.
他不认为卷轴比试也有例外。 He doesn't think there are exceptions to the reel competition.
如果五级实力还不够他拿第一名也没什么，他这次比试的收获已经足够多，只要能拿个前三名交差就可以。
If the fifth-level strength is not enough, it is nothing for him to win the first place, he has gained enough in this competition, as long as he can get the top three places.
王叶觉得自己已经收着了，遇到六级的比斗者直接表示不比，但他不知，在各校学生及绝大多数的观众眼中，他卷轴五级的实力也足够让人震惊。
Wang Ye felt that he had already taken it, and when he met a sixth-level fighter, he directly said that he would not compare, but he didn't know that in the eyes of the students of various schools and the vast majority of the audience, the strength of his scroll level five was also shocking enough.
最后王叶和另外一名实力达到五级的参赛者被分到了一起，他们将决出头名胜负。
In the end, Wang Ye and another contestant whose strength reached level 5 were divided together, and they would decide the winner.
王叶轻轻松松打败了对面年龄已经满二十的高年级生，在最后一刻被传送出洛赫拉的赌斗场。
Wang Ye easily defeated the senior student who was already twenty years old on the other side, and was teleported out of Lohra's gambling arena at the last moment.
小光和浮游光虫收到王叶召唤，也赶在王叶被传送出去前回到虫巢。
Xiaoguang and the planktonic light worm received Wang Ye's summons, and also returned to the hive before Wang Ye was teleported.
当众位参赛生出现在舞台上，整个会场都响起了热烈的掌声和口哨声，还有人大声喊某个参赛者的名字，喊小叶子的最多。
When all the contestants appeared on the stage, the whole venue resounded with warm applause and whistles, and some people shouted the name of a contestant, and Xiao Ye was the most.
所有参赛者都先回到各校席位。 All contestants will return to their seats first.
王叶在回去席位的路上就发现一路上众人看他的眼神不太对劲。
On the way back to his seat, Wang Ye found that the eyes of everyone looking at him along the way were not quite right.
那是一种什么样奇怪的眼神哦！ What a strange look that is!
羡慕？妒忌？崇拜？喜欢？厌恶？ Envy? Jealous? Adore? Like? Abhor?
那些感情太复杂了，包括一些大人看他的眼神都怪怪的。
Those feelings are too complicated, including some adults who look at him strangely.
王叶刚回到陨星席位，就抓住雷木的手，低声问他：“发生了什么事？为什么大家都那么看我？”
As soon as Wang Ye returned to the Meteorite seat, he grabbed Lei Mu's hand and asked him in a low voice, "What happened?" Why does everyone think of me like that? ”
雷木情绪也很复杂，他比王叶回来得早，已经从其他学生口中听到了那位大帝的宣言。
Lei Mu also had mixed emotions, he had come back earlier than Wang Ye, and he had already heard the Emperor's declaration from the other students.
虫老也来和他说过话，让他不要多想，别人问他什么保持沉默就可以。
The worm elder also came to talk to him, telling him not to think too much, and to keep silent when others asked him.
雷木把大帝的宣言跟王叶说了。 Lei Mu told Wang Ye the Emperor's declaration.
王叶目瞪口呆，指指自己的鼻子：“他说我也是他的继承人？这老色鬼搞什么呢？”
Wang Ye was stunned and pointed to his nose: "He said that I am also his heir?" What is this old pervert doing? ”
“噗！”雷木没想到王叶心里是这么想大帝的，当场笑喷。
"Poof!" Lei Mu didn't expect Wang Ye to think so about the Great Emperor in his heart, and laughed on the spot.
“我也很想问问你，你不是说你有一个国王父亲吗？你的千木之毒也是你的国王父亲和后妈王后所下，能不能跟我们说说你的国王父亲到底是哪里的国王？”身后传来虫老阴森森的质问声。
"I would also like to ask you, didn't you say that you have a king's father? Your Thousand Trees Poison is also the work of your king's father and stepmother, the queen, can you tell us where your king's father is? Behind him, there was an eerie questioning voice from the old worm.
王叶特别淡定地回：“哦，我就是套用了一下木木的身世。”
Wang Ye replied very calmly: "Oh, I just applied Mu Mu's life experience. ”
“所以你没有一个国王父亲？”虫老当然不是在意王叶是否有一个国王父亲，他就是在逗自家小徒弟玩。
"So you don't have a king father?" Of course, the worm elder didn't care if Wang Ye had a king father, he was just teasing his little apprentice.
王叶抱臂，一副他需要好好想一想的模样，过了一秒钟说道：“其实吧，我虽然没有一个国王父亲，但我真的有一片领地继承，而且那领地和银月帝国也有些关系，我正想着什么时候去把那块领地拿下来。”
Wang Ye crossed his arms, looking like he needed to think about it, and said after a second: "Actually, although I don't have a king father, I really have a territory to inherit, and that territory has something to do with the Silver Moon Empire, I'm thinking about when to take that territory down." ”
“你还有领地？”这下几位师父都惊讶了。 "Do you still have territory?" At this time, several masters were surprised.
王叶点头，特别骄傲地昂起脑袋：“那是！” Wang Ye nodded, and raised his head proudly: "That's!" ”
疯药王在虫巢里也有些得意，他好歹也是有东西给小叶子长脸的嘛。
The Mad Medicine King is also a little proud in the worm nest, and he has something to give Xiao Yezi a long face.
什么？他的传承更长脸？这不是不好明说嘛。 What? His heritage is longer? Isn't it hard to say?
再说将来小叶子去继承他的领地，世人迟早也会知道小叶子和他的关系。
Besides, in the future, Xiao Yezi will inherit his territory, and sooner or later the world will know about Xiao Yezi's relationship with him.
疯药王忽然心中一动，小叶子这么多师父了，他加进去也不会得到足够重视，可如果他成为小叶子的祖宗呢？
The Crazy Medicine King suddenly felt a move in his heart, Xiao Yezi has so many masters, and he won't get enough attention if he adds it, but what if he becomes the ancestor of Xiao Yezi?
不需要血脉关系，只要他承认小叶子的继承人身份，就和那个大帝一样，那么他就是小叶子的祖爷爷辈，小叶子的其他师父看到他也得叫他一声前辈！
There is no need for a blood relationship, as long as he recognizes Xiao Yezi's identity as the heir, just like that emperor, then he is Xiao Yezi's grandparents, and Xiao Yezi's other masters have to call him a senior when they see him!
其实就算加上他的血脉也没问题，他记得他在领地里似乎还留存了一点用来认证血脉后代的血液，如果他把这些血液融合到小叶子身上……
In fact, even if he added his bloodline, it would be no problem, he remembered that he still seemed to have a little blood left in his territory to authenticate the descendants of the bloodline, if he fused this blood into Xiaoyezi......
小叶子不就是他的血脉了吗？ Isn't Xiao Yezi his bloodline?
以后说出去，小叶子其实是他的后代，哇哈哈哈哈，那某些老不死的肯定会羡慕死他！
Speaking of it in the future, Xiao Yezi is actually his descendant, wahahahaha, some old immortals will definitely envy him to death!
而他的血脉也不会就此断绝，至少在小叶子身上可以继续延续下去。
And his bloodline will not be cut off, at least in Xiao Yezi's body, it can continue to continue.
疯药王越想越觉得这个主意好，就等着晚上小叶子进虫巢，他好实施计划。
The more the mad medicine king thought about it, the more he felt that this idea was good, so he waited for Xiaoye to enter the hive at night, so that he could implement the plan.
王叶并不打算和师父们隐瞒千木之毒的来历，只是前面一直没找到什么好机会，疯药王也不是很想出来见人——他觉得自己太弱了，见人会很没面子。
Wang Ye didn't intend to hide the origin of the Thousand Trees Poison from his masters, but he hadn't found any good opportunities before, and the Mad Medicine King didn't really want to come out to meet people - he felt that he was too weak, and it would be very shameless to meet people.
不过王叶都已经把那部药典的复制书都准备好了，就准备送给闻笛师父。
However, Wang Yedu had already prepared the copy of the pharmacopoeia and was ready to send it to Master Wendi.
而送给闻笛师父，也不能不给虫老也准备一份。 And if you give it to Master Wendi, you can't help but prepare a copy for the worm elder.
反正疯药王对于副本半点不在意，王叶给谁，他都没意见。
Anyway, the Crazy Medicine King didn't care about the copy at all, and he had no opinion on who Wang Ye gave it to.
王叶想着这事不好再隐瞒下去，打算就在这两天找个机会跟几位师父坦白，顺便也告诉他们，让他们不用担心千木之毒，他有法子解决。
Wang Ye thought that it was not easy to hide this matter any longer, and planned to find an opportunity to confess to several masters in the past two days, and by the way, he also told them that they did not have to worry about the poison of a thousand trees, and he had a way to solve it.
至于疯药王想不想见他的几位师父，则看疯药王自己。 As for whether the Mad Medicine King wants to see his masters, it depends on the Mad Medicine King himself.
包括靳蜘蛛也是。 Including Jin Spider too.
虽然王叶平时和他们说话有点没大没小，但心里还是很尊重这两位的，绝大多数事情都还是看他们自己意愿，他绝不会强求。
Although Wang Ye usually talks to them a little bit big or small, he still respects these two very much in his heart, and most things still depend on their own wishes, and he will never force them.
不过这点他永远都不会告诉疯药王，免得这疯老头尾巴翘到天上去。
But he would never tell the mad medicine king about this, lest the mad old man's tail rise to the sky.
兰道布置了一个结界，跟雷木和王叶说了一下他们成为银月帝国继承人的利弊，以及撒尔曼为什么要做这样的宣告，并表示如果他们不想继承银月帝国的话，可以由他这边出面，和撒尔曼那边做个了断。
Landau arranged an enchantment, and told Lei Mu and Wang Ye about the pros and cons of becoming the heirs of the Silver Moon Empire, and why Salman made such a declaration, and said that if they didn't want to inherit the Silver Moon Empire, they could come forward from his side and make a break with Salman's side.
雷木是真不想继承一个国家，他觉得自己没那个能力管理好一个国家，也没那个闲心。尤其在他进入陨星以后，他才算是真正踏入超凡者世界，而这个世界让他看到了更多可能，自然不想把自己束缚在一个国家上。
Lei Mu really didn't want to inherit a country, he felt that he didn't have the ability to manage a country well, and he didn't have the idleness. Especially after he entered the meteorite, he can be regarded as truly stepping into the world of transcendentals, and this world has made him see more possibilities, so he naturally doesn't want to tie himself to a country.
王叶也对继承一个国家没兴趣，如果是上辈子，有人跟他说他成为了一个帝国的继承人……别说帝国，就是一个驴蛋大的小国家，他也会兴奋不已，并迅速拿下那个国家，从此为自己的国王身份自傲。
Wang Ye is also not interested in inheriting a country, if it is in the previous life, someone told him that he became the heir of an empire...... Not to mention the empire, which is a small country the size of a donkey's egg, he will also be excited, and quickly take that country, and from then on he will be proud of his kingship.
但王叶已经度过中二期，曾经爬到过高峰又死过一次的经历让他对权力的欲望也淡到极点。
But Wang Ye has already passed the second stage of middle school, and the experience of climbing to the peak and dying once has made his desire for power extremely weak.
与其为了一大群不相干的人费心费力，他宁可把所有精力都用在养家里几个娃身上。
Instead of bothering for a large group of unrelated people, he would rather spend all his energy on raising a few babies in his family.
而且他现在要养的娃已经不止三个，虫老和兰道，还有疯药王和小光和小云和金宝和贝贝小角他们，某种程度也可以说是他的娃，不管是老的还是小的，他肯定都要养起来，哪怕他们不需要，他也有这个义务。
And there are more than three babies he wants to raise now, Worm Lao and Landau, as well as the Mad Medicine King and Xiaoguang and Xiaoyun and Jinbao and Bei Bei Xiaojiao, to some extent, it can also be said that it is his baby, whether it is old or young, he must raise it, even if they don't need it, he also has this obligation.
看，他都这么忙了，还当什么帝王？怕自己时间和精力太多吗？
Look, he's so busy, what kind of emperor should he be? Afraid that you have too much time and energy?
“帝王之位我不稀罕，我就想问有继承人福利吗？”王叶满怀希望地问兰道。
"I'm not uncommon to be the emperor, so I just want to ask if there are heir benefits?" Wang Ye asked Lan Dao hopefully.
兰道忍笑，“当然。作为一个帝国光明正大的继承人，你和雷木自然都有相应的福利，不过你们想好了吗，如果你们想要拿福利，可也得承担起相应的义务。”
Landau couldn't help but smile, "Of course. As an upright heir to the empire, you and Lei Mu naturally have corresponding benefits, but have you thought about it, if you want to get benefits, you also have to bear the corresponding obligations. ”
王叶立即道：“那算了，我一点都不想履行王子的义务。”
Wang Ye immediately said: "Forget it, I don't want to fulfill the obligations of the prince at all." ”
虫老冷哼：“不用履行义务。你背着这个名头，对撒尔曼和银月帝国就有无数好处。他敢只占你便宜，不给你半点好处，我揍不死他！”
The worm snorted coldly: "You don't have to fulfill your obligations. With this name on your back, there are countless benefits to Salman and the Silvermoon Empire. He dares to only take advantage of you and not give you any benefits, I can't beat him to death! ”
闻笛微笑不语，但他显然也是这个意思。 Wen Di smiled silently, but he obviously meant the same thing.
兰道显然和虫老商量过，他和虫老也是同样的意思。撒尔曼想要占他徒弟的便宜，也得看他几个师父同不同意！
Landau had obviously discussed it with Worm Lao, and he and Worm Elder meant the same thing. If Salman wants to take advantage of his apprentices, it depends on whether several of his masters agree or not!
雷木暗中给了王叶一个充满歉意的眼神。兰道教授刚才说得很清楚，撒尔曼会做出那样的宣告，其中一个目的就是为了让小叶子做他的挡箭牌。
Lei Mu secretly gave Wang Ye an apologetic look. Professor Landau made it very clear just now that one of the purposes of Salman's announcement was to let Xiao Yezi be his shield.
王叶压根就不在乎做挡箭牌，只要有好处拿……就算没有好处，只要能帮到雷木，他就心甘情愿。
Wang Ye doesn't care about being a shield at all, as long as there is a benefit...... Even if there is no benefit, as long as he can help Lei Mu, he is willing.
木木就是一个大傻瓜，表面冰冷，却可以毫不犹豫地为他死。如果说上辈子的木木是傀儡，没有自己的想法，为他牺牲只是因为契约，可这辈子的木木可是实实在在地在为他考虑，为他不计生死。
Mu Mu is a big fool, cold on the surface, but he can die for him without hesitation. If Mu Mu in his previous life was a puppet and had no ideas of his own, and sacrificed for him only because of the contract, but Mu Mu in this life is really thinking about him and not caring about life and death for him.
木木太纯粹了，别人对他好一点，他都恨不得十分回报。而他，却会计算很多。
Mu Mu is too pure, and if others treat him well, he can't wait to repay him very much. And he, on the other hand, calculates a lot.
他用各种利益还有感情把木木一点点绑到自己身边，木木却半点没察觉，或者他察觉了，却心甘情愿留下，只为保护他、照顾他。
He used various interests and feelings to tie Mu Mu to his side little by little, but Mu Mu didn't notice it at all, or he noticed it, but he was willing to stay, just to protect him and take care of him.
就像现在，如果换了一个人，听说原本的独一份继承人身份竟然又多了一个竞争者，心里会没有半点膈应？
Just like now, if there is a different person, I hear that the original identity of the sole heir has one more competitor, will there be any reaction in my heart?
就算是挡箭牌，那也是正儿八经的继承人身份。 Even if it's a shield, it's the identity of the heir of the Eight Classics.
可木木只会想到撒尔曼大帝利用了他，而对他愧疚不已，却完全没有想到他在这件事中可以拿到的好处，更不要说妒忌他、对他不满了。
But Mumu only thought that Emperor Salman had taken advantage of him, and felt guilty about him, but he didn't think of the benefits he could get in this matter at all, let alone jealous of him and dissatisfied with him.
别人看他们，只当木木从他这里得到了很多，实际上他才是那个趴在木木身上吸血的吸血鬼。
Others look at them, only when Mu Mu gets a lot from him, in fact, he is the vampire who lies on Mu Mu and sucks blood.
只不过他吸食的不是血液，而是那份精神和感情依赖。 It's just that what he sucks is not blood, but that spiritual and emotional dependence.
王叶抱住雷木，蹭了蹭他。 Wang Ye hugged Lei Mu and rubbed him.
雷木揉揉他的脑袋。 Raim rubbed his head.
看到这对兄弟感情这么好，三位师父也放心了，他们也怕这两人因为那个狗屁帝位闹起矛盾来。
Seeing that the relationship between the two brothers is so good, the three masters are also relieved, and they are also afraid that these two will have a conflict because of that bullshit emperor.
还好这两人都不在乎那个帝位，也都非常珍惜彼此。 Fortunately, these two people don't care about the throne, and they cherish each other very much.
舞台上，武师总会长安泽云宣布了这次卷轴比试的前十名，并让前三名上台领奖。
On the stage, An Zeyun, the general president of the martial arts division, announced the top ten in this reel competition and asked the top three to come to the stage to receive the award.
王叶再次拿到第一名。 Wang Ye won the first place again.
对于王叶这个名次，众人是既意外也不意外。 For Wang Ye's ranking, everyone was neither surprised nor surprised.
这位的卷轴师父可是那位卷轴大宗师兰道！ This scroll master is the scroll grand master Lan Dao!
而王叶的身世（？）公布，也让原本不少为他的天才震惊的人这时也都转变为了妒忌，他们甚至自动找到了王叶小小年纪这么厉害的原因。
And Wang Ye's life experience (?) The announcement also made many people who were originally shocked by his genius turn into jealousy at this time, and they even automatically found the reason why Wang Ye was so powerful at such a young age.
肯定是撒尔曼大帝为培养后代付出了极大代价，比如时间秘境、一梦千年魔法之类的。
It must be that Salman the Great paid a great price for cultivating future generations, such as the secret realm of time, a dream of a thousand years of magic, and so on.
还有各种天材地宝肯定可劲地使用。那说不定是从胎儿时期就开始培养，还不知道经过多少魔法改造。
There are also all kinds of natural materials and treasures that can definitely be used vigorously. Maybe it has been cultivated since the fetal period, and I don't know how much magic it has been transformed.
再看看那个小叶子的师父都是什么人？普通人能拥有这样厉害还这么多的师父？
Let's see who is that little leaf's master? Can ordinary people have such a powerful and so many masters?
还不都是看在撒尔曼大帝的面子上。哼，没听过有钱能使鬼推磨吗，就算那三位再了不起，他们能愿意共同教导一个弟子，除了这个弟子真的十分优秀，其他好处肯定也没少拿。
It's not all about the face of Saarman the Magnificent. Hmph, haven't you heard that money can make ghosts grind, even if those three are great, they can be willing to teach a disciple together, in addition to this disciple is really very good, other benefits must not be less.
对于观众乃至世人这种揣度，不管是王叶，还是他的几位师父，没有一个人在乎。
For the audience and even the world, no one cares about Wang Ye or his masters.
他们之间的真实情况，他们自己知道就好。 The real situation between them, they themselves know as well.
他们更懒得解释。世人如此猜度，反而对遮掩小叶子的真实情况有好处。
They are even more lazy to explain. The world is so suspicious, but it is good for covering up the true situation of the little leaf.
双月布鲁校长上台，宣布这次各校大比圆满结束。 Principal Biyue Blue took the stage and announced the successful conclusion of the competition between the schools.
这位心情不好，也没怎么废话，很快就接道：“下面，由佣兵公会古总会长向大家宣布本次大比的特殊奖励名额。”
This person was in a bad mood, and he didn't talk nonsense, so he quickly continued: "Next, the Gu President of the Mercenary Guild will announce to you the special reward places for this big competition. ”
掌声变得激烈。 The applause became intense.
可以说今年大家等的就是这个，特殊秘境五十年一次才能有的进入资格。
It can be said that this is what everyone is waiting for this year, and the special secret realm can only be qualified once in fifty years.
王叶还在分心跟虫老说悄悄话，说晚上去找虫老，要给他除掉脑子中的噬魂虫。
Wang Ye was still distracted and whispered to the insect elder, saying that he would go to the insect elder at night to get rid of the soul eater insect in his brain.
“你也看到我的驭虫能力了，也看到我其他方面的能力了，我的精神力真的很强大很特殊。让我试试，又不会害死你。哎呀，为什么我要跟你说这么多，老头，你要不是我师父，我才懒得管你。总之，今晚我去找你！”王叶不容分说地道。
"You have also seen my ability to control insects, and I have also seen my abilities in other aspects, my mental power is really strong and special. Let me try, and it won't kill you. Oh, why do I have to tell you so much, old man, if you weren't my master, I wouldn't bother to care about you. Anyway, I'm going to look for you tonight! "Wang Ye can't be said to be authentic.
“仔细听。”虫老心中感动，但他嘴上才不会说，把王叶脑袋掰正，让他看舞台。
"Listen carefully." The old worm was moved in his heart, but he didn't know how to say it, straightened Wang Ye's head, and let him watch the stage.
闻笛也道：“这个特殊秘境很重要，如果能进去，对你们会有极大好处。当年我也进去过，所以我才能走在绝大多数人前面。”
Wen Di also said: "This special secret realm is very important, if you can enter it, it will be of great benefit to you." I was there back then, so I was able to get ahead of the vast majority of people. ”
兰道也承认了这点。 Landau acknowledged this.
王叶和雷木这时才知道，这三位师父竟然都进过那个特殊秘境。
Only then did Wang Ye and Lei Mu know that these three masters had actually entered that special secret realm.
再看看这三位师父的成就……王叶和雷木端正态度，一起竖起了耳朵。
Let's take a look at the achievements of these three masters...... Wang Ye and Lei Mu straightened their attitudes and pricked up their ears together.
古总会长高大的身影几乎占了大半个光幕，他刚刚说到重点：“……经过慎重考虑，这次特殊奖励名额如下。陨星小叶子、陈潜、梅雨雯、雷木、桑敏、诺兰……，双月巴迪、西里尔、卢克、麻雅丹……”
President Gu's tall figure occupied almost half of the light curtain, and he just said the point: "...... After careful consideration, the number of special awards is as follows. Meteorite Xiaoyezi, Chen Qian, Mei Yuwen, Lei Mu, Sang Min, Nolan ......, Shuangyue Buddy, Cyril, Luke, Mayadan ......"
王叶听到了好几个熟悉的名字，比如东泉的乐永熙、临渊的简学、战兽的斩天、海族的巫秘，还有巨人的巨寸金、巨九岩、巨禾等人，以及兽人的狮平原、猴小岩和虎飞弓，还有虫人族的几个小可爱和地底族的几位。
Wang Ye heard several familiar names, such as Le Yongxi of Dongquan, Jian Xue of Linyuan, Heaven Slashing of War Beasts, Witch Secret of the Sea Clan, as well as the giants' Jucunjin, Jujiuyan, Juhe and others, as well as the Orc's Lion Plain, Monkey Xiaoyan and Tiger Flying Bow, as well as a few cuties of the Zerg Clan and a few of the Underground Clan.
观众席一阵骚动，等到名单宣布完毕，有人当场提出异议：“不是说只会从前三名中挑选吗？为什么有的学校连前十名都被选进去了？甚至连没参赛的学生也有被选进去的。”
There was a commotion in the audience, and when the list was announced, someone objected on the spot: "Didn't you say that you will only be selected from the top three?" Why are some schools even selected for the top 10? Even students who didn't participate in the competition were selected. ”
有相同疑问的人不少。 There are many people who have the same doubts.
古总会长不紧不慢地说道：“每个学校只要有一个项目的参赛生夺得第一名，该校就会增加一个进入秘境的资格。至于增加的名额给谁，则由该校提交名额，裁判和策划组一起裁定。”
President Gu said unhurriedly: "As long as one student from each school wins the first place in a project, the school will add one more qualification to enter the secret realm. As for who the increased quota will be given to whom, the school will submit the quota, and the referee and the planning team will decide together. ”
观众大哗，各校师生更是对陨星羡慕妒忌得眼睛通红。 The audience was in an uproar, and the teachers and students of various schools were even more envious and jealous of the meteorite.
为什么？ Why?
因为陨星就因为出了一个小叶子，他一个人就拿了四项比试的第一名！
也就是说陨星除了拿到前三名的参赛生，他们还多出了四个进入特殊秘境的奖励名额。
That is to say, in addition to the top three participants, Meteorite also has four more reward places for entering the special secret realm.
在某些学校只有一个甚至连一个名额都没有的情况下，陨星却拿到了整整十个名额。
In some schools, where there is only one or even one spot, Meteorite has a full ten.
就问你眼红不眼红？妒忌不妒忌？ Just ask you if you are red-eyed? Jealous or not?
啊啊啊，为什么小叶子不是他们学校的啊！ Ahh
第241章 我看你根骨奇佳 Chapter 241: I see that your bones are wonderful
校长时穿行出现了，在确定魔法师总会长廖女士离开以后。
The headmaster showed up, after it was determined that the head of the magicians, Ms. Liao, had left.
他站在传送门前，对每个参赛生都给予了鼓励和祝福，还会拍拍他们的肩膀、摸摸他们的头。
He stood in front of the portal and gave encouragement and blessings to each of the participants, patting them on the shoulder and touching their heads.
被校长夸赞和鼓励的陨星学生们都激动得脑袋冒烟，只恨不得为学校生为学校死。
The students who were praised and encouraged by the principal were so excited that their heads smoked, and they just wanted to die for the students of the school.
王叶的脑袋也被rua了，还被校长大人捏了捏胳膊腿。
Wang Ye's head was also rua, and he was pinched by the principal's arms and legs.
“不错，身体养得很结实，在练武吗？”行家一上手就知有没有。校长一摸王叶的胳膊腿，就知道他有练过，而且锻炼得很勤快。
"Yes, your body is very strong, are you practicing martial arts?" Connoisseurs will know if there is one as soon as they get started. As soon as the principal touched Wang Ye's arms and legs, he knew that he had practiced, and he was very diligent.
王叶从旁边人口中得知这位就是神龙见首不见尾的校长大人，不禁好奇地仰头看他：“有在练，瞎练。”
Wang Ye learned from the mouth next to him that this was the headmaster of the Shenlong who couldn't see the end of the head, and couldn't help but look up at him curiously: "There is practice, blind practice." ”
“嗯，没错，确实是瞎练。”校长又捏了捏王叶的肩膀，把战气输送进他体内。
"Well, that's right, it's blind practice." The principal pinched Wang Ye's shoulder again, channeling the battle qi into his body.
王叶站着没动，也没反抗。 Wang Ye stood still and did not resist.
他三位师父都站在身边，他怕个鸟。 His three masters were all standing beside him, and he was afraid of a bird.
“你有学武的资质，要么考虑一下再兼修一个武艺？武修修到极致，并不比法修差，这点你见我就知道了。”时校长挺起厚实的胸膛，得意道。
"Do you have the qualifications to learn martial arts, or do you want to consider taking another martial art as well? Martial cultivation to the extreme, no worse than Fa cultivation, you will know this when you see me. Principal Shi puffed up his thick chest and said proudly.
“花海！你想要弟子，自己找去。小叶子时间已经排满。”兰道不知道老友是真心还是在随口哈拉，在一切没有确定前，他不想小叶子再分心其他事情。
"Sea of flowers! If you want a disciple, find it yourself. The small leaves are already full. Landau didn't know if his old friend was sincere or casually talking, and he didn't want Xiao Ye to be distracted by other things until everything was confirmed.
时校长哈哈笑：“时间这东西，就像胸，挤挤就有了。”
Principal Shi laughed: "Time is like a chest, just squeeze it." ”
“校长！”乾明副校长低喝。 "Headmaster!" Vice Principal Qianming drank lowly.
“你真的还是老样子，在学生面前也敢乱开腔。”兰道无语。
"You're really still the same, and you dare to talk nonsense in front of students." Landau was speechless.
“我说你们这么正经干什么？你们瞧瞧这鸡儿小东西，他不懂吗？我看他懂得很。”时校长明明长着一张英雄的脸，可说出的话却流氓得很。
"I said, what are you doing so seriously? Look at this little thing, doesn't he understand? I think he knows it very well. "Principal Shi obviously has a heroic face, but what he says is very rogue.
王叶没想到他们的校长竟然是这样的校长，果然是人不可貌相吗？
Wang Ye didn't expect their principal to be such a principal, is it really unseemly?
“喂，小鸡崽儿，你现在年龄还小，正是最好打熬筋骨的时候，再大一些，你再学武也不是不能学，但付出的辛劳会是现在的两倍甚至更多。越大就越学不出什么。可一旦你掌握了武者的力量，你就有了双倍实力，以后法修中你最雄壮，武修中你最妖孽，你想怎么打都有，你好好考虑一下。”时校长又把王叶脑袋用力呼撸了几把，拍拍他的背，差点把王叶拍趴下。
"Hey, little chick, you are still young now, it is the best time to boil your muscles, no matter how old you are, it is not impossible for you to learn martial arts, but the hard work will be twice or more than now. The older you get, the less you learn. But once you master the power of a martial artist, you will have double the strength, and in the future, you will be the most majestic in the Fa cultivation, and you will be the most demonic in the martial arts, you can fight as much as you want, you should think about it. Principal Shi snorted Wang Ye's head a few more times, patted him on the back, and almost slapped Wang Ye down.
王叶：这位校长的手劲可真大，不知道还以为他对自己有意见呢。
Wang Ye: This principal's hand is really strong, I don't know if I think he has an opinion about himself.
但实际上校长拍入他身体里的战气在他身体里回旋，放松了他全身的肌肉和筋骨，就像按摩一样，非常舒服。
But in fact, the battle qi that the principal slapped into his body swirled in his body, relaxing the muscles and muscles of his whole body, like a massage, very comfortable.
王叶往雷木背上一跳，趴在雷木背上就闭上了眼睛。 Wang Ye jumped on Lei Mu's back, and closed his eyes when he lay on Lei Mu's back.
时校长看他这样，眼中露出笑意，赞：“是个聪明的。”
Principal Shi looked at him like this, with a smile in his eyes, and praised: "He is a smart one." ”
闻笛和虫老对视，两人都没说话，彼此心中在想什么，只有他们自己知道。
Wendi and Worm Lao looked at each other, neither of them spoke, and only they knew what was going on in each other's hearts.
兰道和两人做了一次眼色交流，心中有数了。 Landau made a glance exchange with the two, and he knew it.
他和时校长是好友，就落在最后面，跟时穿行说话。
“你真的想要教小叶子？不是开玩笑？”主要是这位老友太不正经，你压根就不知道他什么时候说的是真话，他还爱口花花，也不知道招惹了多少不必要的麻烦，要不是如此，他也不会有个花海的诨号。
“你看我像是开玩笑的样子吗？”
“他可是撒尔曼承认的继承人。”意思就是你对他没意见？
时穿行呵呵：“他还是我学校的学生呢。就撒尔曼那个鸟样，他能生出小叶子和雷木这样的好孩子？做他的春秋大梦！”
“雷木是我和月琴的骨血，这事我等会儿跟你说，我和月琴没关系，是别人用魔法培育出的雷木。”
"Lei Mu is the blood and blood of me and Yueqin, I'll tell you about this later, I have nothing to do with Yueqin, it's someone else's thunderwood cultivated with magic."
时校长那表情就跟刚刚从果子里吃出半条虫子一样，“雷木那孩子真惨。幸好小叶子跟撒尔曼那个鸟人没关系。”
Principal Shi's expression was as if he had just eaten half a worm from the fruit, "Remu's child is so miserable. Luckily, Little Leaf has nothing to do with Salman's birdman. ”
“其实我更希望你收下雷木。不止是因为他是我的骨血，而是因为他的身骨也很适合学武，他原本就是走的武修加异术的路子。”
"Actually, I would prefer you to take Thunderwood. Not only because he is my blood and bones, but because his body and bones are also very suitable for learning martial arts, he originally took the path of martial arts cultivation and foreign arts. ”
“雷木确实不错，我对那孩子没意见，但那孩子不适合我的功法。小叶子看起来更适合法修，那是因为你们没有发现他在武修方面的天赋，他的身体体质也非常适合学武。可惜我没能早一步发现小叶子，否则哪有你们的份。”时校长搓下巴。
"Lei Mu is really good, I have no problem with that kid, but that kid is not suitable for my exercises. Xiao Yezi seems to be more suitable for law cultivation, and that's because you haven't found his talent in martial arts, and his physical physique is also very suitable for learning martial arts. It's a pity that I couldn't find Xiaoye earlier, otherwise you wouldn't have your share. Principal Shi rubbed his chin.
兰道沉吟：“小叶子的时间确实排满了，等以后进入那里，他会更忙。不过如果他本人对习武感兴趣，我们也不会阻拦。毕竟法修的身体普遍偏弱，如果小叶子能把身体练得更结实一点，也不是坏事。”
Landau muttered: "Xiao Yezi's time is indeed full, and when he enters there in the future, he will be even busier." But if he himself is interested in martial arts, we won't stop him. After all, Fa Xiu's body is generally weak, and it would not be a bad thing if Xiao Yezi could train his body to be a little stronger. ”
“这样想就对了嘛。你和那个鸡儿大帝怎么样？要不要我们联手把那刁人的皮剥了？”时校长神态懒洋洋，语调却跃跃欲试。
"That's right. How are you and that Chicken Emperor? Do you want us to work together to skin that sassy man? Principal Shi looked lazy, but his tone was eager to try.
兰道摇头。 Landau shook his head.
时校长吃惊：“你就这么算了？” Principal Shi was surprised: "You just forget it?" ”
兰道眼中闪过一道狠厉又冷漠的光，“当然不会就这样算了，但现在两个孩子还需要他，把他整倒了，两个孩子就少了一道挡风遮雨的墙壁。银月帝国多少牛鬼蛇神等着想吞掉那两个孩子？还有其他一堆不怀好意的败类。让他先立在前面给两个孩子挡挡风雨，等两个孩子成长起来，我再跟他算总账。”
A fierce and indifferent light flashed in Landau's eyes, "Of course it won't be left like this, but now the two children still need him, and if he is brought down, the two children will have one less wall to protect them from the wind and rain." How many cows, ghosts, snakes, and gods in the Silver Moon Empire are waiting to devour those two children? There are a bunch of other scumbags with bad intentions. Let him stand in front of him to shield the two children from the wind and rain, and when the two children grow up, I will settle the account with him. ”
“你是越来越理智了。”时校长觉得这样的兰道美得惊人。暴躁愤怒的人在发泄过后就没事了，可这种细水长流在愤怒和仇恨中还会计算的人才最可怕。
"You're getting more and more sensible." Principal Shi thought that such a landau was amazingly beautiful. People who are irritable and angry are fine after venting, but this kind of trickle of water that can still calculate in anger and hatred is the most terrifying.
“你也越来越好看了，撒尔曼看到你没流口水？” "You're getting better and better, and Salman doesn't drool when he sees you?"
“滚蛋！” "Fuck off!"
时校长哈哈大笑，揽着兰道的肩膀一起走入传送魔镜。 Principal Shi laughed, took Landau's shoulders and walked into the teleportation mirror together.
他知道某个人在看着，他就是要故意表现得和兰道亲密无比，让某人醋去吧！
He knew that someone was watching, and he just wanted to deliberately act like he was very close to Landau and let someone go!
大会结束，接下来就是各校的交流时间。 After the conference, the next step is the exchange time for each school.
作为主办方的双月学校会举办一场舞会和餐会，款待所有前来的学校参赛生。
As the organizer, the Bi-monthly School will hold a dance and dinner party to entertain all the participating students from the school.
这场舞会也是一个最好的各校学生联络感情的场所。
往年有教授勾搭学生，或学生转校，大多都是在这场舞会中完成。
In previous years, professors hooked up with students, or students changed schools, and most of them were done in this dance.
很多学生还会在这场舞会上发现自己的爱情，来一场跨校远距离恋爱。
Many students will also discover their love at this dance party and have a long-distance love across schools.
往年的明星参赛生都会是舞会中众人追逐的对象，慕强是常态，能获得比试第一的学生或表现特别亮眼的学生总会更容易得到别人喜欢。
In previous years, the star contestants would be the object of everyone's pursuit in the dance, Mu Qiang is the norm, and the students who can get the first place in the competition or the students who perform particularly well will always be more likely to be liked by others.
而今年四项第一的小叶子可以说是前无古人，后面有没有来者不知道，反正再也没有人比他更闪耀了。
And this year's four first little leaves can be said to be unprecedented, I don't know if there are any people coming behind, anyway, no one shines more than him.
可问题是这个小东西今年才九岁！ But the problem is that this little thing is only nine years old this year!
他来舞会大概就是吃吃吃，指望他会约别人跳舞，还不如指望雷木。
He came to the dance party probably to eat, and it was better to expect him to ask someone else to dance, than to count on Lei Mu.
不过王叶曾经和东泉女生说的话已经传出来，谁都知道这位就是个满心满眼只有学习的人。他自己不恋爱，还阻碍他哥谈对象。
However, what Wang Ye once said to the Dongquan girl has come out, and everyone knows that this is a person who is full of eyes and only learns. He himself is not in love, and he also hinders his brother from talking about the partner.
“当初我听了他的三个条件后，还以为他恋兄，故意提高条件好拒绝别人。没想到人家是真的有一个国家继承，还是银月帝国这样的庞大帝国。”
"After listening to his three conditions, I thought that he was in love with his brother and deliberately raised the conditions to reject others. I didn't expect that there was really a country to inherit, or a huge empire like the Silver Moon Empire. ”
“是啊，我当时也以为他提的条件有点过分，简直像羞辱人一样。可现在我发现人家提的条件真实在啊！”
"Yes, I thought his conditions were a bit excessive, like humiliation. But now I find out that the conditions proposed by others are real! ”
“别人没办法在二十岁之前达到专业等级八级，但小叶子和雷木一定可以。别人也许很难在二十岁以前综合实力达到六级，但小叶子和雷木也一定可以。而身为银月帝国的唯二继承人，你实力不够、身份也不够，怎么好意思贴上去？灰姑娘灰小子的故事永远也只是故事而已。”
"Others can't reach the eighth level of the professional level before the age of twenty, but Xiao Yezi and Lei Mu must be able to. It may be difficult for others to reach level six in their comprehensive strength before the age of twenty, but Xiao Yezi and Lei Mu must also be able to. And as the only heir of the Silver Moon Empire, you don't have enough strength and identity, how can you be embarrassed to post it? The story of Cinderella Cinderboy is always just a story. ”
“是啊。” "yes."
众人在这边心有戚戚焉，但还是有不少人想要和这两人结识，不为两人的身份地位，只两人的实力，结交一下，说不定将来就能有什么好处呢？
Everyone has relatives here, but there are still many people who want to get acquainted with these two people, not because of the status of the two, but only the strength of the two, maybe what benefits will it be in the future?
说出去，他们是银月帝国继承人的朋友，或者说和那个超级天才小叶子有过来往，也很有面子不是？回到学校也是谈资嘛。
Speaking of which, they are friends of the heir of the Silver Moon Empire, or do they have dealings with that super genius Xiao Yezi, and they are also very face-saving, aren't they? It's a conversation when you go back to school.
而某些不服气小叶子，或者纯属看小叶子和雷木不顺眼的人，却打算在舞会中给他们找点麻烦，如果能让他们丢丑最好。
And some people who are not convinced by Xiao Yezi, or who simply look at Xiao Ye and Lei Mu unpleasantly, plan to make some trouble for them in the dance, if it can make them ugly.
撒埃德已经听到下属传回来的大帝宣告，他受到的打击太大，差点想要冲去找大帝质问。
Saeed had already heard the Emperor announce from his subordinates that he had been hit so hard that he almost wanted to rush to the Emperor for questioning.
但一来他不知道大帝住在哪里，二来因为对大帝一贯的敬畏恐惧心，让他迅速打消了这个想法。
But first, he didn't know where the emperor lived, and second, because of his usual fear of the emperor, he quickly dispelled this idea.
他不敢明着仇恨大帝，却恨毒了那两个被大帝宣布出来的继承人。
He didn't dare to hate the emperor openly, but he hated the two heirs who were announced by the emperor.
他知道撒坦是大帝的亲外孙，但他不知道大帝竟然还藏了两个。
He knew that Satan was the emperor's own grandson, but he didn't know that the emperor had two more hidden.
撒埃德在不知道雷木就是撒坦的情况下，认定大帝其实早就知道撒坦的情况并早就放弃这个继承人，甚至拿这个魔种继承人作为挡箭牌，让他们把注意力都集中在毁掉这个继承人上。
Saed, without knowing that Lei Mu was Satan, decided that the Emperor had already known about Satan's situation and had long given up on this heir, and even used this demon heir as a shield to let them focus on destroying this heir.
实际上大帝却暗中培养了另外两个继承人。 In fact, the Emperor secretly cultivated two other heirs.
也是啊，那可是大帝啊！他怎么可能只钟情于一个女人或一个男人，在唯一公主早逝的情况下，会连一个孩子都不生？
yes, that's the Emperor! How could he be in love with only one woman or one man, and in the event of the early death of the only princess, not even a single child?
也是他们愚蠢和眼瞎，竟然真的相信大帝因为疯狂迷恋卷轴大宗师兰道，而对其他男女不再感兴趣。
It was also their stupidity and blindness that they really believed that the Great Emperor was no longer interested in other men and women because he was madly obsessed with the scroll Grand Master Landau.
现在看来，这明明就是障眼法！ Now it seems that this is obviously a trick!
撒埃德甚至想到大帝秘密培养的这两个继承人，可能连撒月琴都不知道。
Saeed even thought of the two heirs that the Emperor had secretly cultivated, and they might not even know about Sayueqin.
因为小的那个还好说，大的那个按照年龄计算，明显就是在撒月琴可能还在世的时候就孕育了。
Because the small one is okay, and the big one is calculated according to age, and it is obvious that it was conceived when Sayueqin may still be alive.
当然也有可能是在撒月琴死后，他不知道雷木的具体生日，只能靠猜测。
Of course, it is also possible that after Sayueqin's death, he didn't know the specific birthday of Lei Mu, so he could only rely on guessing.
要是早知道大帝有这么两个继承人…… If I had known that the Emperor had such two heirs......
就算早知道了，他又能怎样呢？ Even if he had known about it, what could he do?
大帝把他们藏得那么牢靠，还给他们找了那么优秀又厉害的师父当靠山，别人恐怕想接近都难。
The emperor hid them so firmly, and found them such a good and powerful master as a backer, I am afraid that it will be difficult for others to get close.
一想到这两个人接下来还要进入那个传说中的特殊秘境，妒恨就如毒蛇，不断噬咬撒埃德的心脏。
At the thought that these two people would enter that legendary special secret realm next, jealousy was like a poisonous snake, constantly gnawing Saed's heart.
不行，不能这么简单放过那两人！ No, you can't let those two go so easily!
哪怕小的那个中了千木之毒，可只要他们没死，那就一切都有可能。而且大的那个可是成年了，本身性情、头脑、容貌、身体和资质都属一流，随时都能接手帝国。
Even if the little one is poisoned by a thousand trees, as long as they don't die, then everything is possible. And the eldest one is an adult, and his temperament, mind, appearance, body, and qualifications are all first-class, and he can take over the empire at any time.
他准备了这么长时间，付出了那么大代价，怎么能就这么放弃？
He had been preparing for so long and had paid such a big price, how could he just give up?
如果等那两个小崽子回去陨星再进入那个特殊秘境，他就更没有机会了。
If he waited for those two little cubs to go back to the meteorite and enter that special secret realm, he would have no chance.
撒埃德决定这次舞会就出手，如果他的力量不够，他就联系那帮人。
Saeed decided to take action at the ball, and if he wasn't strong enough, he would contact the gang.
相信那帮人一定非常希望得到这两个人。 I'm sure those people must be very eager to get these two people.
虽然联络很匆忙，但那个组织似乎也做了准备，也打算在今晚的舞会动手。
Although the contact was in a hurry, the organization seemed to be preparing and planning to do it at tonight's ball.
一切都已经安排妥当，就等那两个兔崽子进入陷阱！ Everything has been arranged, just wait for those two bunnies to enter the trap!
结果！ Outcome!
那两个人竟然一个都没有在舞会出现。 None of those two people showed up at the dance.
王叶在明知道有不少人打他主意的情况下，他才不会把自己放到危险中。
Wang Ye knew that there were many people who beat him, so he would not put himself in danger.
不过是一场交流感情的舞会和餐会，和他感情好的下午就来他们陨星小楼找他了，感情到位又比较聪明的还会叮嘱他，让他不要到处乱跑，让他乖乖跟着学校教授。
It's just a dance and dinner party to exchange feelings, and he has a good relationship with him in the afternoon to come to their meteorite building to find him, and the emotionally in place and more intelligent will also tell him not to run around, let him obediently follow the school professor.
陨星也在自家小楼的一楼食堂摆放了大量食物，供来交流感情的学生们随意取用。
Meteorite also placed a large amount of food in the cafeteria on the first floor of his small building for students who came to exchange feelings for casual use.
王叶和雷木就在这里待了一下午，陆续见到不少这次比试期间结交下来的友人。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu stayed here for an afternoon, and they met many friends they made during this competition.
两人还分别准备了礼物。 The two also prepared separate gifts.
有些粗心大意的还打算晚上舞会再找小叶子玩，但他们在听说别人已经先去找叶子，并得到礼物后，就坐不住了，而且他们学校的长辈也提醒他们，说陨星有可能不会让小叶子参加晚上的舞会，让他们有事最好现在去陨星小楼找，这些学生就也找过来了。
Some careless people also planned to play with Xiao Yezi at the night dance, but they couldn't sit still after hearing that others had already gone to find Ye Zi first and got gifts, and the elders of their school also reminded them that Meteorite might not let Xiao Yezi participate in the evening dance, so that if they have something to do, it is best to go to the Meteorite Building to find it now, and these students will also find it.
没有人觉得小叶子不出门，而专门等人上门找他是件很过分的事情。
No one thinks that Xiao Yezi doesn't go out, and it's too much to wait for someone to come to him.
真这么想的人，也不会和小叶子成为朋友。 People who really think so will not become friends with Xiao Yezi.
小叶子的朋友都理解小叶子和陨星为什么这么做，卷轴考试时的抓人事件才过去多久？小叶子这时无论怎么小心都不为过。
Xiao Yezi's friends all understand why Xiao Ye Zi and Meteor did this, how long has it been since the arrest incident during the scroll exam? Xiao Yezi can't be too careful at this time.
而且小叶子才九岁，这个年龄搞什么交际？乖乖待在家里等着大哥哥大姐姐们主动找他联络感情就好。
And Xiao Yezi is only nine years old, what kind of communication do you do at this age? Just stay at home and wait for the big brothers and sisters to take the initiative to contact him.
王叶下午见了所有交情不错的朋友，晚上自然就没必要再跑去舞会，自然不知道有多少人因为他没有出现而无比失望。
Wang Ye saw all the friends who had a good relationship in the afternoon, so naturally there was no need to go to the dance party in the evening, and naturally I don't know how many people were extremely disappointed because he didn't show up.
晚上，别人在舞会交际和开心的时候，他正在宿舍中帮助虫老除虫。
In the evening, while others were socializing and having fun at the dance, he was helping the old worms in the dormitory.
闻笛和兰道也来了，他们不是来看热闹的，他们是来给虫老和王叶护法的。
Wen Di and Lan Dao also came, they didn't come to see the excitement, they came to protect the worm and Wang Ye.
万一小叶子失手，闻笛可以抢救人，兰道可以禁锢虫子。
In case the little leaf misses, Wen Di can save people, and Landau can imprison insects.
王叶释放出虫巢的气息，以及他庞大的精神力。 Wang Ye released the breath of the insect hive, as well as his huge spiritual power.
噬魂虫受到吸引，从虫老的精神核中冒出头。 The Soul Eater was attracted and emerged from the old spirit core.
王叶就像是最老练的猎人，他不急不忙，使用【生生不息】把因果之力输入虫老体内，再一点点向他的精神核靠近。
Wang Ye was like the most seasoned hunter, he was not in a hurry, he used [Endless Life] to input the power of cause and effect into the worm elder's body, and then approached his spiritual core little by little.
不知不觉间，他的因果之力就在虫老的精神核周围布下天罗地网。
Unconsciously, his causal power spread a net around the worm elder's spiritual core.
“老头，对我敞开你的精神核，我给您老做一次精神梳理，保您长命百岁，你可千万不要想着……”
"Old man, open your spiritual core to me, I will give you a spiritual grooming to ensure that you live a long life, you must not think about ......"
“行了，我比你懂，快点动手，别磨磨蹭蹭的。”虫老反而不耐烦了。
"Okay, I know better than you, hurry up, don't grind." The worm got impatient.
王叶翻了个白眼：“之前不相信我，现在又催我，您老可真难侍候。”
Wang Ye rolled his eyes: "You didn't believe me before, but now you're urging me again, it's really difficult for you to wait." ”
“不顺眼你可以滚蛋！” "If it's not pleasing to the eye, you can get out!"
“哟，您老可真是笃定了我不会背叛师门是吧。行，您赌对了，我这一辈子都不可能放过你，你就乖乖做我的师父吧，抓到！”
"Yo, you're so sure I won't betray my master, right? Okay, you bet right, I can't let you go in my life, you just be my master, catch it! ”
王叶的因果之力瞬间扑上去，【自投罗网】和【纠缠不清】同时发动，因果线紧紧缠绕住这只几乎无形的噬魂虫。
Wang Ye's causal power instantly pounced, and [Self-Throwing Net] and [Entangled] were activated at the same time, and the causal thread tightly wrapped around this almost invisible Soul Eater insect.
闻笛、兰道和雷木都紧张起来。 Wendi, Landau, and Reimu all tensed.
他们知道之前这一老一小打诨插科只是为了放松那只噬魂虫的警惕，让它不会意识到小叶子要对它动手。
They knew that the old and young gag was just to let the Soul Eater's vigilance and keep it from realizing that Little Leaf was going to do something to it.
王叶得意地笑。 Wang Ye smiled proudly.
只要被他因果线缠上，任你是什么，都别想逃脱。 As long as you are entangled in his causal thread, whatever you are, don't even think about escaping.
虫老的精神力也在同一时间发动，疯狂排斥和攻击那只噬魂虫。
The spiritual power of the insect elder was also activated at the same time, frantically repelling and attacking the soul eater insect.
以前虫老拿它没办法，最大原因就是找不到这只虫子。现在目标都被立出来了，事情就简单多了。
In the past, the worm couldn't do anything about it, and the biggest reason was that it couldn't find the bug. Now that the goals are set, things are much simpler.
王叶敞开一条通道，是通往虫巢的通道，他又用因果线缠着那只噬魂虫，拖拽着它。
Wang Ye opened a passage, which was the passage to the insect hive, and he wrapped the soul eater worm with the causal thread, dragging it.
噬魂虫挣扎不过，加上被虫老的精神力排斥，偏偏它又没办法重新钻回虫老的精神核中，更无法把自己隐藏起来。
The Soul Eater couldn't struggle, and because it was repelled by the Worm Elder's spiritual power, it couldn't burrow back into the Worm Elder's spiritual core, let alone hide itself.
不想死，它就只能逃。 If it doesn't want to die, it can only flee.
噬魂虫逃入了虫巢。 The Soul Eater has fled into the hive.
可刚进去，它就被一群虫子给包围了。 But as soon as it entered, it was surrounded by a swarm of bugs.
小光超级兴奋地冲上来，啊呜一口就把这只噬魂虫给吞了！
Xiaoguang rushed up super excitedly, and swallowed this soul eater in one bite!
美味啊，大补啊，这可是吸收了虫老多少年精神力的噬魂虫。小光吞噬了这只噬魂虫，立马就回去它的虫房，开始升级。
It's delicious, it's a big supplement, this is a soul eater that has absorbed the spiritual power of the worm for many years. Xiaoguang devoured this soul eater worm, and immediately went back to its worm room and began to upgrade.
其他浮游光虫也一起飞回虫房，老大升级，它们也能跟着升级。
The other planktonic light bugs also fly back to the worm house together, and when the boss is upgraded, they can also level up.
虫巢里小树人小云正在把玩一枚树种。 In the insect nest, Xiaoyun, a little tree man, is playing with a tree seed.
金宝蹲在他肩膀上，虎视眈眈地盯着那枚树种，仔细看，竟然是在流口水。
Jinbao squatted on his shoulder, staring at the tree species with fierce eyes, and when he looked closely, he was drooling.
小云把树种左掰掰右抠抠，竟然剥下了一层外皮。 Xiaoyun broke the tree species left and right, and actually peeled off a layer of outer skin.
小云把那层外皮丢给金宝。 Xiaoyun threw the outer skin to Jinbao.
金宝飞窜起来，跟小狗一样把那层外皮给吞吃了。 Campbell flew up and devoured the skin like a puppy.
剩下一颗光秃秃的只有微弱精神力的种子，小云的精神力轻松碾压过去，就把那微弱的精神力给碾碎消灭了。
There was only a bare seed with only a weak spiritual power left, and Xiao Yun's spiritual power easily crushed it, crushing and destroying that weak spiritual power.
种子似乎发出了一声惨叫。 The seed seemed to let out a scream.
疯药王和靳蜘蛛都扭头看向小树人那边，就见小树人拿着一个小药杵和一个石臼，学着王小叶的模样，把那枚种子捣得稀烂，又放入了一些乱七八糟的材料，制成了培养基，然后塞到了自己的树根下面。
The Crazy Medicine King and Jin Spider both turned their heads to look at the little tree man, and saw that the little tree man was holding a small medicine pestle and a stone mortar, following Wang Xiaoye's example, mashing the seed to a pulp, and putting in some messy materials to make a culture medium, and then stuffing it under his roots.
金宝吃了那层种子皮以后，就满地乱窜，似乎能量太多，撑着了。
After Jinbao ate the seed skin, he scurried all over the ground, as if he had too much energy and held on.
小云也闭上了眼睛，把自己深深扎根于虫巢土地中，就在小湖泊边上。
Xiaoyun also closed his eyes and deeply rooted himself in the hive land, right on the edge of the small lake.
别看那只是一粒不起眼的小小种子，可一个树人的精华都在这里了。
Don't look at it as just an inconspicuous little seed, but the essence of a tree man is here.
而只有树人才知道如何利用这份精华。 And only the tree people know how to use this essence.
之前那个人类强行融合树人，实际上反而降低了树人本身的威力，更没有获得多少原本属于树人的漫长寿命和复原能力。
The previous human forcibly fused with the Treant, which actually reduced the power of the Treant itself, and did not gain much of the long life and resilience that originally belonged to the Treant.
那层皮就是血肉之躯的力量精华，是那个微弱精神力留着想要复活之用，可他怎么会想到王叶竟然会拥有一个小树人。
That layer of skin was the essence of the flesh and blood's power, and it was the weak spiritual power that was kept for resurrection, but how could he have thought that Wang Ye would have a small tree man.
小云看到这枚种子就知道是怎么回事，也知道要怎么把这枚种子给处理干净。
Xiaoyun knew what was going on when he saw this seed, and he also knew how to deal with it.
多出来的那层血肉精华，对他没什么用，自然就用来喂家里的崽崽了。
The extra layer of flesh and blood essence was of little use to him, so he naturally used it to feed the cubs at home.
见两个小的没什么事，两个大的就继续研究被小光和浮游光虫送回来的一堆乱七八糟的东西。
Seeing that the two small ones were fine, the two big ones continued to study the mess that was sent back by the small light and the planktonic light bugs.
小光也不知道哪个是学习之心，反正它和虫群看着觉得能量充足的，它们只要能带回来的，就全都带回来了。
Xiaoguang doesn't know which one is the heart of learning, anyway, it and the insect swarm look at it and feel that there is enough energy, as long as they can bring it back, they will bring it all back.
还有那枚空间戒指，靳蜘蛛正在设法破除上面的禁制，再抹掉残余的精神力，如此，他们就能打开这枚戒指。
There is also the spatial ring, Jin Spider is trying to break the prohibition on it, and then erase the residual spiritual power, so that they can open this ring.
虫巢外面，虫老只觉得精神核一阵轻松。 Outside the hive, the worm elder only felt a sense of relief in the spiritual core.
那只困扰他多年、逼得他不能使用出全部实力的噬魂虫竟然就那么简单消失了。
The Soul Eater that had plagued him for so many years that he couldn't use his full strength was so simply gone.
虫老睁开眼睛，目光复杂地看着他的唯一弟子，忍不住抬手敲了敲小孩脑袋。
The insect elder opened his eyes, looked at his only disciple with a complicated gaze, and couldn't help but raise his hand and knock on the child's head.
王叶捂住额头，不爽：“老头，我刚救了你哎，你怎么又敲我？”
Wang Ye covered his forehead and was unhappy: "Old man, I just saved you, why did you knock me again?" ”
“谁让你早不动手，害我等这么长时间。”老头蛮不讲理地道。
"Who told you not to do it sooner and make me wait so long." The old man was quite unreasonable.
王叶瞪大眼睛，气得跳起来：“明明是你自己不要，当初我可是说了让你不要后悔！你现在反而来怪我没有早点出手？”
Wang Ye's eyes widened, and he jumped up angrily: "Obviously you don't want it, but I told you not to regret it!" You're blaming me for not making a move sooner? ”
“你应该更坚持一点。” "You should be a little more persistent."
“老头！你这叫恃宠生骄知道吗，你这样会失去我的知道吗！”
"Old man! You are called a pampered and arrogant, you know, you will lose my knowledge like this! ”
“什么鬼话。”虫老一巴掌拍在小弟子的后脑勺上，站起来舒展身体，他终日阴霾的神情看着都舒朗了一些。
"What nonsense." The old man slapped the back of the little disciple's head, stood up and stretched his body, and his gloomy expression all day long looked a little more relaxed.
“大比结束了，你也该收收心，这是我们几个给你重新排的课程表，你看看有没有什么意见。如果有，憋着。”
"Dabi is over, you should also pay attention, here are a few of us to rearrange the class schedule for you, you see if you have any comments. If there is, hold it. ”
王叶先没在意，嘀嘀咕咕地接过虫老递过来的卷轴，拉开看。
Wang Ye didn't care about it first, muttered and took the scroll handed over by the worm elder and opened it to look at it.
这一看，王叶当即踉跄两步，倒退着，倒入后面雷木的怀抱，凄惨地喊道：“哥，我死了！”
Seeing this, Wang Ye immediately staggered two steps, fell backwards, fell into the arms of Lei Mu behind, and shouted miserably: "Brother, I'm dead!" ”
说完，头一歪，不动了。 After speaking, he tilted his head and stopped moving.
三位大佬都给这小戏精给逗得不行。 The three bigwigs were all amused by this little drama spirit.
王叶生气，决定把那本药典再迟两天交给两位师父，谁让他们给他定下这么严厉苛刻可怕到极点的课程表。
Wang Ye was angry and decided to hand over the pharmacopoeia to the two masters two days later, who asked them to set him such a harsh and terrifying curriculum.
兰道教授那里就先记账，哼！ Professor Landau will keep the accounts first, huh!
瞅瞅雷木，王叶还是忍不住，抓起雷木的手咬了一口。 Looking at Lei Mu, Wang Ye still couldn't help it, grabbed Lei Mu's hand and took a bite.
咬不到兰道师父，咬他儿子出气也一样。 If you can't bite Master Landau, you can bite his son to get angry.
雷木拍拍他，亮出自己的新课程表。 Raimu patted him and showed off his new class schedule.
王叶看了，心里多少平衡了一些。三位师父大约是爱屋及乌，尤其是兰道师父，对亲儿子下手也半点不留情。
Wang Ye saw it, and his heart was somewhat balanced. The three masters are about Aiwu and Wu, especially Master Landau, who is not merciless to his own son.
炼金是门综合学科，无论是炼药、还是符纹，包括材料学等等，多少都会涉猎一些。三位师父就给雷木排了很多基础课程，如果能把这些课程吃透，对雷木学习炼金自然有极大好处。
Alchemy is a comprehensive discipline, whether it is alchemy, runes, including material science, etc., it will dabble in some of it. The three masters arranged a lot of basic courses for Lei Mu, and if he could understand these courses thoroughly, it would naturally be of great benefit to Lei Mu to learn alchemy.
次日，陨星学校就乘坐他们来时的马车回去了。 The next day, the Meteorite School returned in the carriage they had come.
这会儿驾车人老方看王叶也不再鼻子不是鼻子、眼睛不是眼睛，他看王叶的目光，就跟看家里给他长脸的亲孙子一样，那个骄傲，都要溢出来了。
At this time, the driver Lao Fang no longer saw that Wang Ye's nose was not a nose, and his eyes were not eyes, he looked at Wang Ye's gaze, just like looking at his own grandson who gave him a long face at home, and that pride was about to overflow.
一路上，不知道是不是因为时校长露脸的缘故，没有任何不开眼地跑出来拦路或捣乱。
Along the way, I don't know if it was because of Principal Shi's face, so he didn't run out to block the road or make trouble without opening his eyes.
陨星一行平平安安地回到了学校。 Meteor and his party returned to school uneventful.
到了学校，王叶都没机会享受假期，就被时校长给拎走了。
When he arrived at school, Wang Ye didn't have a chance to enjoy the holidays, so he was taken away by Principal Shi.
三位师父似乎和时校长达成了某种协议，硬是从原本就很挤的课程中给王叶排出了武修的课程。
The three masters seemed to have reached some kind of agreement with Principal Shi, and they simply expelled Wang Ye's martial arts course from the already crowded curriculum.
不过前面一段时间，时校长需要先给王叶打基础，所以直到假期结束前，王叶都别想享受正常课程。
However, some time ago, Principal Shi needed to lay the foundation for Wang Ye first, so until the end of the holiday, Wang Ye didn't want to enjoy the normal course.
是的，享受。王叶跟时校长习武的第一天，就想逃跑，他觉得他宁可去把那张课程表上的所有课程都过一遍，都不想来时校长这里受罪。
Yes, enjoy. Wang Ye wanted to run away on the first day of martial arts with the principal of the time, and he felt that he would rather go through all the lessons on that timetable than come to the principal to suffer.
可王叶最终还是没有逃，虽然他每三秒都会想一遍。 But Wang Ye didn't run away in the end, although he thought about it every three seconds.
这个混蛋鸡儿校长，太他妈狠了！ This bastard chicken principal is so fucking ruthless!
第242章 脱胎换骨、升级 Chapter 242: Rebirth and Upgrade
这次前期训练总耗时十五天。 The training took a total of 15 days.
王叶每天都被操练得精疲力尽，连回去地球的时间都没有，只能给他姑写信说明他现在一切都好。
Wang Ye was exhausted from training every day, and he didn't even have time to go back to Earth, so he could only write to his aunt to explain that he was all right now.
不过因为他跟他姑说过他会在资料片中出现——他怕他姑认出他会担心，就先主动交代。他姑看到资料片就会明白他这段时间为什么没有回家。
However, because he told his aunt that he would appear in the expansion film - he was afraid that his aunt would be worried if she recognized him, so he took the initiative to explain it first. When his aunt sees the footage, she will understand why he hasn't come home during this time.
用时校长的话来说，这次训练只是打基础的开始，先让王叶的身体习惯和适应武修的基础课程。
In the words of Principal Shi, this training was just the beginning of laying the foundation, first allowing Wang Ye's body to get used to and adapt to the basic course of martial arts.
换言之，更狠的还在后面。 In other words, the ruthlessness is yet to come.
幸好王叶对疼痛感知低微，这也是他能熬下来的最大原因。不过这训练不止是疼痛，更多的是透入骨髓的疲累，感觉整个身体被都拆散，每个细胞都被战气揉搓了一遍又一遍。
Fortunately, Wang Ye has a low perception of pain, which is the biggest reason why he can survive. However, this training was not only painful, but also the fatigue that penetrated into the bone marrow, and it felt like the whole body was being torn apart, and every cell was rubbed over and over again by the battle qi.
“你现在还小，比起打熬筋骨，更多的是柔韧练习，不趁着还小把身体的柔韧性练出来，等你大了，柔韧锻炼才叫要命。行了，别哎哎哟哟地叫，你能承受到什么地步、会不会受伤，我一直在盯着，而我的经验告诉我，你还没到极限。你看你闻笛教授不也给你检查过好几次了。要我说，他们就是瞎担心！”
"You are still young, more flexibility exercises than boiling muscles and bones, don't take advantage of the youth to train the flexibility of the body, when you are older, flexibility exercise is called fatal. Okay, don't scream, how far you can handle it, whether it will hurt or not, I've been watching, and my experience tells me that you're not at the limit yet. You see, Professor Wendi has checked you several times. If you want me to say, they are just worried! ”
时校长笑眯眯地说，实际上他心中也有不小的惊讶。 Principal Shi said with a smile, in fact, he was quite surprised in his heart.
他没想到王叶真的能全盘接受下来。 He didn't expect Wang Ye to really accept it all.
他一开始其实也没太狠，后来是看王叶身体和意志还能承受，就一点点加了上来。
He wasn't too ruthless at first, but then he saw that Wang Ye's body and will could withstand it, so he added it little by little.
这小孩的韧劲真的很不错。时校长喜欢得拍拍王叶的脑袋。
This kid's tenacity is really good. Principal Shi likes to pat Wang Ye's head.
王叶忍住喷脏话的欲望，问：“前期训练结束了？” Wang Ye resisted the desire to swear and asked, "The preliminary training is over?" ”
“当然……还没有。是不是很期待接下来的训练课程？”时校长笑眯眯地说：“你运气不错，因为你要进特殊秘境，而我暂时没时间跟你一起过去，为了不让你前面的训练就此浪费掉，也为了让你的身体素质进一步提高，我会安排你进入脱胎换骨洞泡十天澡。”
"Of course...... Not yet. Are you looking forward to the next training session? Principal Shi smiled and said: "You are lucky, because you are going to enter a special secret realm, and I don't have time to go with you for the time being, in order not to let your previous training be wasted, and in order to further improve your physical fitness, I will arrange for you to enter the rebirth cave to soak in a bath for ten days." ”
“脱胎换骨洞？”王叶总觉得这个词听起来有点不太妙。虽然看校长的意思，那应该是个好地方。
"Reborn?" Wang Ye always felt that this word sounded a little unpleasant. Although depending on the principal's meaning, it should be a good place.
时校长：“高兴吗？兴奋吗？这可是我们学校最珍贵的宝藏之一，不是学校重点培养的学生，根本连知道这个洞的可能都没有。而能进入这个洞泡澡的学生，十年不会出一个。你现在是不是觉得很荣幸？”
Principal Shi: "Are you happy?" Excited? This is one of the most precious treasures of our school, and students who are not the focus of the school do not even know about this hole. And the students who can enter this cave to take a bath will not come out in ten years. Do you feel honored now? ”
“我荣幸极了。”王叶面无表情地道。 "I'm very honored." Wang Ye said expressionlessly.
时校长弹弹小孩的额头，笑骂：“你个小鸡崽子，根本就不知道你占了多大便宜。就凭你中了千木之毒，你原本压根就没机会进入脱胎换骨洞，要不是我坚持，学校那些老怪物根本不同意。”
Principal Shi flicked the child's forehead and scolded with a smile: "You little chick, I don't know how much advantage you have." Just because you have been poisoned by a thousand trees, you have no chance to enter the rebirth cave in the first place, if it weren't for my insistence, those old monsters in the school would not agree at all. ”
王叶懒懒地道：“那是你们没见识，谁说千木之毒是绝毒？谁说千木之毒专门用来破坏资质？”
Wang Ye said lazily: "That's because you don't know, who said that the poison of a thousand trees is a poison?" Who said that the poison of a thousand trees is specifically used to destroy qualifications? ”
“哦？怪不得你几个师父并没有忙着给你解千木之毒。”时校长搓搓胡子拉碴的下巴，“看来你们还瞒了我一些秘密，真让我伤心，竟然把我排斥在外不带我一起玩。算了，我是个心胸广大的男人，虽然我很生气，但我还是会让你这个小鸡儿去泡澡的。不过我原本想着要不要让雷木一起去，现在嘛，让他歇着吧。”
"Oh? No wonder your masters weren't busy curing the poison of a thousand trees for you. Principal Shi rubbed his bearded chin, "It seems that you have hidden some secrets from me, which really makes me sad that you excluded me and did not take me to play." Forget it, I'm a big-hearted man, and even though I'm angry, I'm going to let you go to the bath with this little chick. But I was thinking about whether or not to let Remu go with me, but now, let him rest. ”
王叶脸上表情立刻变得生动，扑上前一把抱住时校长的独臂，满脸谄媚讨好地说：“校长大人，师父~”
The expression on Wang Ye's face immediately became vivid, and he rushed forward to hug Principal Shi's one-arm, and said with a flattering face: "Principal, Master~"
“哟，现在知道叫我师父了？”时校长乐。 "Yo, now you know to call me Master?" Principal Joy at the time.
王叶仰头，眼中写满了刻意的仰慕和崇拜：“师父~，我知道你最最最厉害了，这个学校里就属您老最鸡儿牛掰！”
Wang Ye raised his head, his eyes full of deliberate admiration and worship: "Master~, I know that you are the most powerful, and you are the most chicken in this school!" ”
“滚！不准学老子说话。”时校长笑骂。 "Get out! You are not allowed to learn from Lao Tzu to speak. Principal Shi laughed and scolded.
“师父~”王叶整个人都快爬到时校长身上，“我知道您绝对不是小气的。那什么千木之毒的秘密，也不是什么秘密，只是我懒得说而已。师父父想知道，我现在就可以告诉你~”
"Master~" Wang Ye's whole person was about to climb on top of Principal Shi, "I know you are definitely not stingy. The secret of the poison of a thousand trees is not a secret, but I am too lazy to say it. Master wants to know, I can tell you now~"
“我不想听了。” "I don't want to hear it."
“您真的不想听了？”王叶突然从时校长胳膊上跳下来。
"You really don't want to hear it?" Wang Ye suddenly jumped down from Principal Shi's arm.
时校长坚定地道：“不想。” Principal Shi said firmly: "I don't want to. ”
“行吧，我正好也不想说。你不给雷木也去泡澡，也没什么，我让兰道师父来跟你谈。”王叶拔腿就走。
"Well, I don't want to say that either. If you don't give Lei Mu a bath, it's nothing, I'll let Master Landau talk to you. Wang Ye pulled his legs and left.
时校长一把揪住王小叶的衣领，“你给我回来！小兔崽子，小小年纪就这么鬼坏鬼坏，你不知道你兰道师父有多可怕吗？他那张脸往谁面前一搁，谁能抵挡得了？”
Principal Shi grabbed Wang Xiaoye's collar, "You come back for me!" Little rabbit cub, you are so bad and bad at a young age, don't you know how terrible your Landau Master is? Who can resist his face when he puts it in front of him? ”
“老色鬼。” "Old pervert."
“滚蛋！这跟色不色没关系，你兰道师父的脸就是超级魔器知道吗？”
"Fuck off! This has nothing to do with whether it is colored or not, do you know that Master Landau's face is a super magic weapon? ”
“呵呵，兰道师父知道你这么评价他的脸吗？啊，兰道师父，你来啦~”王叶眼睛一亮，欢快地叫道。
"Hehe, does Master Landau know that you are commenting on his face like this? Ah, Master Landau, you're here~" Wang Ye's eyes lit up and he shouted happily.
时校长吓了一跳，连忙抬头看过去，结果看了一个空。 Principal Shi was startled, and hurriedly looked up, but saw a void.
王叶乐得桀桀怪笑。 Wang Ye laughed happily.
时校长揪住小东西就拍了一顿，把王小叶拍得鬼哭狼嚎。
Principal Shi grabbed the little thing and slapped it, making Wang Xiaoye cry and howl.
王叶萎了，整个人跟被抖散了零部件的小号傀儡一样，被时校长拎在手里，拎去了学校后山。
Wang Ye withered, and the whole person was like a trumpet puppet that had been shaken apart, and was carried by Principal Shi in his hand and carried to the mountain behind the school.
脱胎换骨洞大概真的是学校非常重要的一个所在，竟然有人看守。
The Reborn Cave is probably really a very important part of the school, and it is actually guarded.
还是一名黑袍，一看就是老怪物级别。 It's still a black robe, and at first glance it's an old monster level.
“就是他？”黑袍人问。 "Is that him?" The black-robed man asked.
时校长提了提要死不活的王小叶，就跟炫耀自家菜地里的小菜苗一样：“没错，就是这小崽子。”
Principal Shi mentioned Wang Xiaoye, who was about to die, just like showing off the little vegetable seedlings in his vegetable field: "That's right, it's this little cub." ”
“你应该明白，一旦你用了这次机会，你再收徒，就不能再来这里。”黑袍人阴冷冷地道。
"You should understand that once you use this opportunity, you can't come here again." The black-robed man said coldly.
“我知道。别废话了，我都想好了。”时校长不耐烦道。
"I know. Don't talk nonsense, I've got it all figured out. Principal Shi said impatiently.
黑袍人也不再多说什么，让开位置，手一挥，完整的山壁出现了一个黑漆漆的大洞。
The black-robed man didn't say anything more, got out of the way, and with a wave of his hand, a large black hole appeared in the complete mountain wall.
时校长拎着王叶就走进山洞。 Principal Shi walked into the cave with Wang Ye in his hand.
王叶挣扎：“雷木……” Wang Ye struggled: "Lei Mu ......"
时校长坏笑：“雷木是你兰道师父的儿子，不用你为他担心。兰道已经用他的贡献值申请了。今年要进秘境的学生，他们的指导教授都在为他们争取进入脱胎换骨洞的机会。不过兰道他们的贡献值没有我高，在学校的身份地位自然也不能和我比，好歹老子也是这座学校的校长。我带你过来的脱胎换骨洞才是最好的，其他人能用的都在另一边，要次不少。”
Principal Shi smiled evilly: "Lei Mu is the son of your Landau master, so you don't need to worry about him." Landau has already applied with his contribution points. The students who are going to enter the secret realm this year, their instructors are all fighting for them to enter the rebirth cave. However, Landau's contribution value is not as high as mine, and their status in the school naturally cannot be compared with me, but Lao Tzu is also the principal of this school. The rebirth cave I brought you here is the best, and everyone else can use it on the other side, and it's a lot less. ”
王叶知道雷木也有机会进入这里，就放心了。至于雷木用的泡澡洞可能次一点，那关系不大，大不了以后他得到好东西，再给雷木补回来。
Wang Ye knew that Lei Mu also had a chance to enter here, so he was relieved. As for the bathing hole used by Lei Mu, it may be a little inferior, it doesn't matter much, it's a big deal that he gets good things in the future, and then makes up for Lei Mu.
时校长看到徒弟的大白眼，乐翻，边走边警告他：“这里既然叫脱胎换骨洞，它的效果自然不必说，不过它给人带来的痛苦也是脱胎换骨级别，尤其我带你进入的这个能量最充足，你受到的痛苦也会是其他人的双倍甚至更多。有些人受不了这份痛苦，会在十天期满前就跑出来，这就浪费了。如果可以，你一定要待满十天，知道吗？”
Principal Shi saw the big eyes of the apprentice, turned over happily, and warned him as he walked: "Since this place is called the Rebirth Cave, its effect is naturally needless to say, but the pain it brings to people is also the level of rebirth, especially the energy I brought you into is the most sufficient, and the pain you suffer will be double or even more than that of others." Some people can't stand the pain and will run out before the end of the 10-day period, which is a waste. If you can, you have to stay for ten days, you know? ”
“嗯。”王叶有气无力地回。 "Hmm." Wang Ye replied weakly.
时校长停下脚步，把王叶丢到地上：“到了，衣服脱掉，进去泡着吧，这是食物和水，饿了渴了自己吃，不要从池子里出来，十天后我再来接你。”
Principal Shi stopped and threw Wang Ye to the ground: "It's here, take off your clothes, go in and soak, this is food and water, eat yourself when you're hungry and thirsty, don't come out of the pool, I'll pick you up in ten days." ”
王叶抬头打量这个洞穴，就见这里正中心有个直径只有三米左右的小池子，小池子的水是青色，透明度极高，但里面的水不像是水，更像是有一定粘稠度的黏液，还闪闪发亮。
Wang Ye looked up at this cave, and saw that there was a small pool with a diameter of only about three meters in the center of this place, and the water in the small pool was cyan and extremely transparent, but the water inside was not like water, but more like a mucus with a certain viscosity, and it was shiny.
抬头往上看，才发现光源竟然是来自洞顶。 When I looked up, I realized that the light source was actually from the top of the cave.
至少二十多米高的洞顶有九个肉眼看去碗大的洞眼，这九个洞眼似乎按照某种规律排列，天光就是从那里透下来。
At least 20 meters high, there are nine holes on the top of the cave that are the size of a bowl to the naked eye, and these nine holes seem to be arranged according to a certain pattern, and the sky light is shining through from there.
“快点，别浪费时间！十二天后，你们就要进入特殊秘境，在进去之前，你的底子打得越牢靠越好，等你去了那里，你会知道你这样的天才在那里根本就不算什么。一步慢，步步慢，不想落在别人后面，就拼吧。”
"Hurry up, don't waste time! After twelve days, you will enter the special secret realm, before entering, the more solid your foundation is better, and when you go there, you will know that a genius like you is nothing there. One step slow, one step at a time, if you don't want to fall behind others, just fight. ”
王叶把环境打量完，仗着年龄小，没脸没皮地把衣服裤子全甩了，溜溜地跳进池子里。
After Wang Ye looked at the environment, he threw off all his clothes and pants without face and skin, and jumped into the pool without face.
“师父，谢了。”王叶挥挥手。 "Master, thank you." Wang Ye waved his hand.
“现在知道谢我了，之前不是每天骂老子一百八十遍？”时校长笑骂。他看王叶进入池子，表情似乎也不是特别痛苦的样子，暗中松了口气，把装食物和水的袋子放在池子边，转身就要走。
"Now that you know thank me, didn't you scold Lao Tzu a hundred and eighty times a day before?" Principal Shi laughed and scolded. He watched Wang Ye enter the pool, his expression did not seem to be particularly painful, he secretly breathed a sigh of relief, put the bag containing food and water on the edge of the pool, and turned around to leave.
“千木之毒是疯药王给弟子的考验，也是他赠送给弟子的礼物。一旦把疯药王的传承全部学会，千木之毒不但自然而然会被解除，还会成为让我身体体质和精神力都更加优异的良药。”
"The poison of a thousand trees is a test given to his disciples by the Mad Medicine King, and it is also a gift he gives to his disciples. Once I have learned all of the Crazy Medicine King's inheritance, the poison of a thousand trees will not only be lifted naturally, but it will also become a good medicine that will make my physical constitution and mental strength more excellent. ”
时校长脚步一顿，深吸一口气，转头，看向这个硬抢过来的弟子：“鸡儿臭小子！你的运气好得让老子害怕知道吗？总觉得有什么不太好的事情在后面等着你……和我们学校。”
Principal Shi paused, took a deep breath, turned his head, and looked at the disciple who snatched it hard: "Chicken stinky boy!" Is your luck so good that Lao Tzu is scared to know? I always feel that something not so good is waiting for you in the back...... and our school. ”
王叶差点给时校长鼓掌，这位校长的直觉太敏锐了。按照上辈子的时间轨迹，陨星还有七年就会神秘败落，全校师生绝大部分就此消失，谁也不知道陨星发生了什么事。
Wang Ye almost applauded Principal Shi, this principal's intuition was too sharp. According to the time trajectory of the previous life, the meteorite will mysteriously fall in seven years, and most of the teachers and students in the school will disappear, and no one knows what happened to the meteorite.
不过这事他不好和校长直接说，他和这位的感情和信任度还没有到达这个程度。
However, it is not good for him to tell the principal directly about this matter, and the relationship and trust between him and this person have not yet reached this level.
但他会把这事告诉闻笛师父，让闻笛师父去警告学校，顺便也能给新入职的闻笛师父增加一点贡献值。
But he will tell Master Wendi about this, and let Master Wendi warn the school, and by the way, he can also add a little contribution value to the newly recruited Master Wendi.
王叶刚想着闻笛入职的事，他这边就收到了游戏系统的通知。
As soon as Wang Ye was thinking about Wen Di's entry, he received a notice from the game system.
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，成功通过闻笛教授的考验，成为其认可的亲传弟子，并让其顺利转校，成为陨星魔法学校的一份子。特此奖励经验值二十万点。】
[Congratulations to the player, Xiao Wang, who successfully passed the test of Professor Wendi and became his recognized disciple, and let him successfully transfer to the school and become a member of the Meteorite Magic School.] Experience worth 200,000 points is hereby awarded. 】
王叶惊吓加惊喜。 Wang Ye was frightened and surprised.
游戏根本就没给他发布相关任务，没想到会在此时突然奖励他二十万点。
The game didn't release him with relevant tasks at all, but he didn't expect to suddenly reward him with 200,000 points at this time.
这可是二十万点。 That's 200,000 points.
这说明什么？ What does this mean?
说明闻笛师父的转校必然非常重要，重要到也许可以改变历史进程的地步。
It shows that Master Wendi's transfer of schools must be very important, so important that it may change the course of history.
至于他能成为闻笛师父的弟子，那大概就是顺带，重点还是在转校上。
As for him being able to become a disciple of Master Wendi, it is probably by the way, and the focus is still on transferring schools.
再加上他前面卷轴比试的经验值奖励，以及他救治虫老的奖励，这些经验值加起来，让他从六十三级升到了六十四级。
Coupled with the experience points reward for his previous scroll competition, as well as the reward for him to save the insect elder, these experience points added up to make him rise from level sixty-three to level sixty-four.
“校长师父，我闻笛师父是不是在今天和学校正式签订了供职契约？”王叶提高声音。
"Master Principal, did Master Wendi officially sign a contract with the school today?" Wang Ye raised his voice.
时校长挑眉，“没错。” Principal Shi raised his eyebrows, "That's right. ”
王叶了然，看来闻笛师父应该刚刚完成入职手续。 Wang Ye knew clearly, it seems that Master Wendi should have just completed the entry procedures.
“行了，好好泡你的澡。你闻笛师父的事，你完全不用担心，学校亏谁都不会亏了他。”时校长摆摆手，走了。
"Alright, soak your bath. You don't have to worry about Master Di at all, no one will lose him if the school loses him. Principal Shi waved his hand and left.
王叶沉入池水中。 Wang Ye sank into the pool water.
他现在已经感觉到这个脱胎换骨池的威力，酥麻酸痒痛，各种挑战人类极限的痛苦直往他骨子里钻。
He had now felt the power of this reborn pool, tingling and itching, and all kinds of pain that challenged the limits of humanity drilled into his bones.
王叶躺平，慢慢让池水把自己整个浸没。 Wang Ye lay flat and slowly let the pool water submerge himself entirely.
十天时间，正好让他给虫巢升个级。 Ten days is just right for him to upgrade the hive.
希望时间够用。 Hopefully there will be enough time.
王叶通过空间通道，把虫巢里的活物都转移到了雷木的精灵空间中。
Through the space passage, Wang Ye transferred all the living creatures in the insect hive to the elf space of Lei Mu.
转移前，他给疯药王等人打了招呼。 Before the transfer, he greeted the mad medicine king and the others.
疯药王和靳蜘蛛都对虫巢升级很感兴趣，他们非常期待升级后的虫巢会是什么样。
Both the Mad Medicine King and Jin Spider are very interested in the hive upgrade, and they are very much looking forward to what the upgraded hive will look like.
疯药王还叨叨咕咕地提要求：“我要一个单独的研究室，还要一间卧室！虽然我是亡灵，但我偶尔也想睡觉的好吗。”
The Mad Medicine King also muttered and made a request: "I want a separate research room, and I also want a bedroom!" Even though I'm undead, I want to sleep once in a while, okay? ”
小光表示它的虫房也可以再扩大个几倍，它的子民又翻倍了。
Xiaoguang said that its worm house could also be expanded several times, and its people had doubled.
小云则希望种植区能更大一些，最好能增加虫巢中的水道，方便他灌溉。
Xiaoyun hopes that the planting area will be larger, and it is better to increase the waterways in the worm nest to facilitate his irrigation.
金宝没有任何要求，反正他跟着两个爸爸一起住，他的窝不是在雷木爸爸的枕头上，就是在小叶子爸爸的被窝里。具体睡哪个窝，全看他心情。
Jinbao didn't have any requirements, anyway, he lived with his two fathers, and his nest was either on Lei Mu's father's pillow or in Xiao Yezi's father's quilt. Which nest to sleep in depends on his mood.
王叶把家庭成员和重要物品都转移完，就开始全神贯注地给虫巢升级。
After Wang Ye had transferred his family members and important belongings, he began to concentrate on upgrading the hive.
也许是集中精力和注意力转移的缘故，那原本让他都难以忍受的脱胎换骨痛苦竟然变淡了不少。
Perhaps because of the concentration and distraction, the pain of rebirth that was unbearable for him had become much lighter.
王叶越发把注意力都集中在给虫巢升级上，他对这次升级可是有很多想法。
Wang Ye is more and more focused on upgrading the hive, and he has a lot of ideas about this upgrade.
首先就是融合那堆小山一样的盲石壳。 The first is to fuse the mountain-like blind stone shells.
他想融合这些盲石壳好久了，可惜从知识之城出来，他就忙得晕头转向，根本抽不出时间来融合盲石壳。
He had wanted to fuse these blind stone shells for a long time, but unfortunately when he came out of the City of Knowledge, he was so busy that he couldn't spare time to fuse the blind stone shells.
虫巢似乎也早就对盲石壳期待日久，在他开始融合盲石壳后，虫巢本身就在特别积极地配合，吞噬融合盲石壳的速度超快。
The hive seems to have been looking forward to the blind stone shell for a long time, and after he began to fuse the blind stone shell, the hive itself was very active in cooperating, devouring the fused blind stone shell super fast.
看来这盲石壳真的适合虫巢。 It seems that this blind stone shell is really suitable for a hive.
以后有机会应该再多弄一些。 I should get more if I have a chance in the future.
小山中囤积的大量能量也被抽取出来，给虫巢升级加劲。
A large amount of energy accumulated in the hill is also extracted to upgrade the hive.
盲石壳被融合后，接着就是炼金王的魔法塔。 After the blind stone shell is fused, the Alchemy King's magic tower is next.
这座魔法塔虽然已经被他收服，但想要完全融合进虫巢，可比盲石壳费力多了。
Although this magic tower has been subdued by him, it is much more laborious than a blind stone shell to fully integrate into the hive.
但能把一座圣级的魔法塔融合进虫巢，好处显然大大的，所以再费事费力，王叶也要做。
But being able to fuse a saint-level magic tower into the hive is obviously very beneficial, so no matter how hard it takes, Wang Ye has to do it.
不说其他，融合这座魔法塔，他的虫巢空间不但能大大增加，还能让虫巢拥有专门的研究区和历练区，还能加强虫巢的攻防能力。
Not to mention anything else, by fusing this magic tower, his hive space can not only be greatly increased, but also allow the hive to have a dedicated research area and training area, and also strengthen the hive's offensive and defensive capabilities.
最美也是最让王叶期待的就是那间拟态研究室。 The most beautiful and what Wang Ye looked forward to the most was the mimicry research room.
有了这间让知识之城老怪物和城主伯里都垂涎想要得到的拟态研究室，他学习各项专业技能的速度也会加快不少，以后他练习卷轴、药剂、炼金、魔法阵、魔食等等，都不用再怕浪费材料。
With this mimicry laboratory, which was coveted by both the old monsters of the City of Knowledge and the city lord Burry, he would learn various professional skills at a much faster pace, and in the future, he would practice scrolls, potions, alchemy, magic arrays, magic food, etc., without fear of wasting materials.
这简直就是对他这种有极大养家压力却贫穷的一家之主的最大福报！
This is simply the greatest blessing for a poor family head like him, who has great pressure to support his family!
王叶看着虫巢一点点变化，在扩大虫巢和空间叠加术上，他选择了后者。
Wang Ye watched the hive change little by little, and in terms of expanding the hive and spatial superposition, he chose the latter.
虫巢看着还是和原来差不多大，甚至更小了一点，像是个精致的小公园，但实际里面的任何一个区域，单独进去就会发现里面的空间很大，比如种植区，真正面积可是比之前增大了三倍还多。
而虫巢的外形，王叶直接套用了炼金王的魔法塔。
不是塔状，而是花园城堡模样。
王叶又按照自己和雷木的喜好，以及家庭成员们各自的要求，做了一些微调。
他还给几位师父也准备了各自的居处和研究空间，确保他们哪怕长期住在虫巢里也不会感到逼仄。
最后的成品，只是有着城堡外形，内部则貌似还是老样子。
但那栋二层小楼扩大了，只是看着还是十分精致，只有进去才知道里面的空间有多大。
小楼的前方是小湖泊，后方是藏有钟乳石洞的小山，围绕湖泊的大半个区域是种植区，再周围就是巍峨的城墙，人可以直接走上去。
除此之外，虫巢的最大改变就是当王叶把它放出来时，它看着就是一座小型城堡，还是有着狰狞外表，一看就是能扛战也能打仗的战地城堡。
但王叶可以让其隐形，一旦隐形，任何人都无法察觉虫巢的存在，不管是什么样厉害的空间探测器都无法探测到，这就是融合盲石壳的好处。
另外还有一些其他好处，就是王叶这个主人自己还需要摸索一段时间。
毕竟盲石壳也好，炼金王的圣级魔法塔也好，他都不算太熟悉，这两者和虫巢融合，可不是简单的12=3。
而且不知道是不是他的错觉，他总觉得在升级虫巢时，似乎还有其他什么东西加进来了，证据就是小角和贝贝它们对钟乳石洞分泌出来的灵液更加满意，就连小湖泊的水质都提升不少。
And I don't know if it's his delusion, he always feels that when upgrading the hive, there seems to be something else added, the evidence is that Xiaojiao and Beibei are more satisfied with the spiritual fluid secreted from the stalactite cave, and even the water quality of the small lake has improved a lot.
王叶在忙着升级虫巢和美化虫巢，忙得不亦乐乎。完全不知道十天时间早已过去，而他待着的池子边围了一圈人。
Wang Ye was busy upgrading the hive and beautifying the hive, and he was very busy. Unaware that ten days had passed, and that there was a circle of people around the pool where he was staying.
“这小兔崽子到底做了什么？为什么池水都没了？”一名黑袍人愤怒咆哮。
"What the hell did this little bunny do? Why is the pool running out? A black-robed man roared angrily.
时校长单手遮着嘴唇，不想自己的笑容被这些老怪物看见。
Principal Shi covered his lips with one hand, not wanting his smile to be seen by these old monsters.
该说不愧是他看中的弟子吗，果然是占便宜没够，有他当年的风范！
Should I say that he is worthy of being the disciple he fancies, it is really not enough to take advantage of it, and he has the demeanor of the year!
“就是你当年也没说把一池子脱胎换骨液都给消耗完！”另一名黑袍人似乎知道时校长在想什么，没好气地骂道。
"Even you didn't say back then that you would consume all the pool of reborn bone fluid!" The other black-robed man seemed to know what Principal Shi was thinking, and scolded angrily.
“这小孩看着也很普通，他怎么可能把一池子都给吸收完？这根本不可能。”
"This kid looks very ordinary, how can he possibly absorb all the pools? It's simply not possible. ”
“让这小兔崽子这么一搞，以后这个池子至少三十年不能用。”
"Let this little rabbit cub do this, and this pool will not be able to be used for at least thirty years in the future."
几个黑袍人都在愤怒地叨叨。 Several black-robed men were chattering angrily.
时校长抹抹脸，懒懒地道：“三十年就三十年嘛，反正有资格过来这里的学生也不多。”
Principal Shi wiped his face and said lazily: "Thirty years is thirty years, anyway, there are not many students who are qualified to come here." ”
“你还说！你可是学校的校长！”一名黑袍人简直痛心疾首：“你不知道这池子的脱胎换骨液有多宝贵吗？三十年？我看五十年都不一定能补回来！”
"You still say! You're the principal of the school! A black-robed man was simply distressed: "Don't you know how precious this pool's reborn bone fluid is?" Thirty years? I don't think I can make it up for 50 years! ”
“小叶子也是我们学校学生，还是重点培养的学生，这不肉都烂在了自家锅里，也没什么好心疼的。”
"Xiao Yezi is also a student of our school, and he is still a student who focuses on training, this meat is not rotten in his own pot, and there is nothing to feel sorry for."
“狗屁！话能这么说吗？他一个人就占了多少人的资源？”
"Shit! Can that be said? How many people's resources does he occupy alone? ”
“行了行了，你们也别心疼了，马上这个小鸡崽子就要去那边祸害了。想想看，这小子这么贪吃，以后去了那边，肯定也会吃得多占得多，等这小子把那边的便宜占够，回来他还是我们学校的人，多划算？养这一个，可比养十个都划算得多。”
"Alright, don't feel sorry, soon this little chick is going to go over there to cause trouble. Think about it, this kid is so greedy, if he goes over there in the future, he will definitely eat more and take more, and when this kid takes advantage of the advantage over there, he will still be from our school when he comes back, how cost-effective? Raising this one is much more cost-effective than raising ten. ”
“……就怕是饭桶。” “…… I'm afraid it's a rice bucket. ”
时校长不愿意了，单手插入口袋道：“我，还有虫老、兰道和闻笛都看中的弟子，你们认为他将来会是一个废物？”
Principal Shi was reluctant, and put one hand into his pocket and said, "I, and the disciples who are all favored by Worm Lao, Lan Dao, and Wen Di, do you think he will be a waste in the future?" ”
“咳，”一名黑袍人举手，“诸位，现在比起池子里的液体消失，我们是不是应该更担心这个小东西？他到现在可都没醒来。”
"Ahem," a black-robed man raised his hand, "Guys, shouldn't we be more worried about this little thing now than the liquid in the pool disappearing?" He hadn't woken up yet. ”
说完这名黑袍人还带着明显的笑意道：“我在学校这么多年，还真是第一次看到有人能在脱胎换骨池子里睡着的，还睡得这么沉，叫都叫不醒。真是活久了，什么都能见到。”
After speaking, the black-robed man said with an obvious smile: "I have been in school for so many years, and it is really the first time that I have seen someone who can fall asleep in the pool of rebirth, and he sleeps so deeply that he can't wake up." It's been a long time, and you can see everything. ”
“不会昏了吧？” "You won't faint, will you?"
“不是昏迷，他的呼吸和精神力都很平稳，就是睡着了。”
"It's not that he's unconscious, his breathing and mental strength are steady, it's just that he's asleep."
“小混蛋！” "Little bastard!"
“这个小混蛋的体质肯定很特殊。你们眼光不错，陨星能收到这么一个学生，也是千年难遇。就是不知道这孩子给学校带来的福气还是灾难。通常一个特别的孩子出现，世间总是会发生一些特别的事情，就怕这孩子太过特别，我们学校承受不住啊。”一道苍老的声音叹息道。
"This little bastard must have a special physique. You have a good vision, and it is rare for a meteorite to receive such a student. I just don't know if this child is a blessing or a disaster for the school. Usually when a special child appears, something special will always happen in the world, but I am afraid that this child is too special for our school to bear. An old voice sighed.
时校长淡定地道：“有什么承受不住的，难不成你们这些老不死的和我和学校那些教职工，都是死人不成？”
“诸位，请听我一言。这几天，我占卜出了一个奇怪的未来。”一名声音柔和，一听就是女子的黑袍人开口道。
这位黑袍人一开口，其他人都看向她，包括时校长也神色凝重。
“我想你们应该还记得，就在一年前，我曾经占卜出学校将有大难，让大家做好避难的准备。可是这几天我再占卜，却出现了逢凶化吉的兆头。但那个未来还不是很稳定，我只能看到一点点影子。”女黑袍人的目光落到池中的男孩身上。
“我之前一直奇怪我的占卜为什么会有那样的变化，今天看到这个孩子，我才明白，也许学校未来的改变就应在这个孩子身上。”
众人震惊到沉默，又有点不出意外之感。
女黑袍人忽然轻笑：“最有意思的是，我刚刚拿这孩子进行占卜，结果发现这孩子原本不应该出现在我们学校，可他却出现了。”
“这是什么意思？”有黑袍人不解。
“我不知道，我只知道我无法占卜这孩子的未来，一点点都不可能，他身上有着比我的占卜之力还要强大的力量阻挡了我的窥探。”
这下不止众位黑袍人，就连时校长看向王叶的目光都充满了不可思议。
要知道这位女黑袍人可是世间仅存的两位圣级占卜师之一啊！
第243章 特殊秘境
王叶直到特殊秘境开启那天，他都没醒来。
无奈下，雷木背着王叶和其他被挑选出来的学生一起出发了。
陨星的学生不停地看雷木背上的王小叶，纷纷猜测他是怎么回事。
有人来问雷木，雷木就说小叶子训练累倒了，正在睡眠恢复。
大家也不知道有没有接受这个理由，反正陨星的学生自然而然把雷木和王叶藏在了中间。
时校长、乾副校长，以及学校一干大佬都来给这些孩子送行。
这些大佬绝大多数都是各个学生的指导教授，明知道前面已经交代了一遍又一遍，这时还是忍不住抓住最后一点时间，对着自家弟子殷殷嘱咐。
众人聚集在学校后山一处宫殿建筑旁。
如果王叶醒着，他一定会认出来，这个宫殿群就是兰道之前带他来的地方。
而现在大家站的地方，距离他进入知识之城的那个传送池并不远。
时校长和几名黑袍大佬一起对着一座宫殿大门输入能量，大门缓缓打开。
学校师长们一个都没有接近那扇大门。
时校长环视众学生，简短有力地道：“详细事情，你们的指导教授应该都跟你们说过，我就不再这里废话。现在你们依次进入这座大门，等出去后就是集合点。到了外面，你们就是一个集体、一个队伍，你们可以单独行动，这没问题，我没指望你们彼此成为一生挚友，但如果你们彼此之间搞出祸害自己学校同学的事情，除非你们有把握将来不会被我抓到，否则小心你们的皮！”
众位学生都是一抖，校长好凶。
不过有了校长这句话，大家也都放心了一些，至少不用太过于担心自己人在背后捅刀。
“去吧，不要忘了我们陨星的校规……”乾副校长叮嘱。
“我们不主动惹事，但我们也不怕惹事！”所有学生齐声道，随后一起笑起来。
学校大佬们有些人也露出了笑容。
时校长更是牛气哄哄地道：“就是这样。被欺负了就直接干回去！不用担心对方的后台有多么强硬，你们的后台也硬得很。打不过就报出你们师长和本校长的名字，如果这样对方还没有收手，没事，先放下脸皮，哪怕跪地求饶，只要保住命，等以后老子带你们去找回场子！”
乾副校长特别无奈地看校长大人。幸好这位不怎么在学校待着，否则陨星的学生都要给他教出一身匪气。
但乾副校长环看学校其他大佬，发现他们都是一脸“对，就这么做”的认可表情，顿时仰头望天。陨星啊，她根子就歪了，任是谁都纠正不回来。
雷木唇角微弯。他想也许真的是不是一家人不进一家门，如果小叶子醒着，听了时校长这么一番话，肯定会觉得时校长的做事态度特别对他胃口。
“去吧，别耽搁了。”时校长挥手催促。
众学生便一个接一个走入那扇大门。
时校长就站在门口，进去一个就拍拍对方的肩膀。
轮到雷木时，时校长拍拍雷木肩膀，又捏了捏某个睡得香甜的小东西的脸蛋。
“万事小心。”时校长轻轻一推，把雷木推入大门中。
“本来还想叮嘱他一些事情，这下好了，全给他睡过去了。”虫老气得不住低骂。
“还好雷木跟着，跟雷木交代了也一样。”兰道安慰道。
闻笛没说话，他的神态很悠闲。
兰道转头看闻笛。
闻笛对他眨眨眼，那如刀锋一般的气质收敛许多。
兰道笑，低语道：“你想好了？”
“嗯。”闻笛毫不犹豫：“我这么多年就收了这么一个弟子，”还要加上上辈子一起，“实在不放心。”
“何止你不放心，我也不放心。”比起精灵鬼怪的王小叶，兰道更担忧雷木。那个特殊秘境可不是什么甜美梦乡。
虫老冷哼：“行了，这事交给我，我来跟学校谈。”
王叶还不知道他三位师父要跟学校谈什么事。他一路被雷木背到了集合点。
集合点是一座山谷，周围眼睛可及之处全都是黑色的石头，地面寸草不生。
陨星的学生到达时，山谷里已经有不少人。
古总会长就坐在一个极为厚实的石椅上，他的身边是圣级魔阵师白老和魔法师总会长廖女士。
廖女士的外貌看着不好相与，人说话也显得苛刻，但她显然是个爱操心的性格。
她让所有学生按照学校和组织单位站在相应的格子里。
陨星的学生们低头，这才发现地面画有大量规律的方格。
这些学生其实都受到过叮嘱，知道这些方格是怎么回事，有学生就开口低声呼唤：“陨星。”
于是一个格子亮起，陨星的学生就都走了过去，在那个格子中也发现了代表陨星的魔法文字。
各校学生有彼此交谈的，但声音都很低，也没有随便离开自己的格子。熟悉的人这时都没有互相打招呼，要联络感情，也不急在这一时。
雷木注意到方格不止有学校名，也有国家名、地区名、还有六大公会等组织的名字。
又等了大约十分钟，山谷中林林总总差不多来了上千人。
这个数额很多吗？
对比双月星全部国家地区加所有秘境的人口，这个人数不但不多，还少得可怜。
这还是五十年选拔一次，可以说来到山谷的这千人几乎就是一个世代的最高天才。
说句不好听的话，如果这时候有什么天大灾难降临这座山谷，那么双月星必将再遇到一次断层打击。
当然，负责选拔和输送天才们的双月星顶层也不可能不考虑这点，可以说这座山谷的安全度几乎达到双月星最高。
这里本身也是一个避难点和最后的传送点。
“时间到，关闭进入山谷的传送阵。”廖女士毫不留情地说道。
白老手持魔杖，对着山谷划了一个圆圈，再轻轻一点，山谷的进口彻底关闭。
古总会长站了起来，他一眼就把上千人全部扫了一遍，心中有数后，面对被选拔出来的这批年轻人沉声说道：“恭喜你们，你们能来到这里，就证明了你们的优秀。我也很高兴，这次选拔没有人迟到。”
“也许你们的师长都已经跟你们交代过，但我必须在这里再多话一次。特殊秘境不是幻境考场，那里是个真实的世界，也是一个残酷的世界。你们可以在那里大幅度提升自己，但也有可能遇到生命危险。”
“我承认你们都是天才，但那里有很多强者，有些人甚至强到让你们绝望的程度。你们在那里再也不是什么天之骄子，你们就是一群学徒，一群社会最底层，在那里你们有可能被随意呼喝，也有可能被欺凌。可你们的师长包括我们都无法给予你们帮助，到了那里一切都要靠你们自己。”
“能在那里待多长时间，能否拿到长期驻留的资格，也要靠你们自己。能学到多少，同样要靠你们自己。”
“再说一次，那里很危险，你们很可能会把命丢在那里。按照往届的死亡率，最高曾达到过三成，最低也有半成。如果有人改变主意，请从方格区走出来，不会有人嘲笑你，慎重也是一种美德。”
古总会长环视众人，可没有一个人从方格区走出来。
古总会长淡笑，在没出事之前，所有人都以为自己是幸运儿，只有出事的时候才会后悔。
不过年轻人有拼搏和闯荡的精神也不是什么坏事。
“作为过来人，我给你们一句忠告，如果你们想安安稳稳待满学习期，不想有任何生命危险，就不要离开安全区。好了，我的话到此结束，下面传送开始！”
山谷上方忽然出现了一条又一条人影，他们齐齐挥动自己的魔武。
连同古总会长、廖女士和白老一起，他们同时口念魔法咒语，输入自己的能量，打开了这个庞大的超远距离传送阵。
方格区开始发光，光芒逐渐上升，笼罩住方格区的所有年轻人。
数秒过后，光芒一收，上千名双月星的天才从山谷中消失。
王叶听到了奇怪的鸟叫声，有些凄厉和干哑，就像是一群乌鸦在叫。
“吵死了。”王叶把脑袋埋到雷木的颈窝里，咕哝。
“叶子？”雷木惊喜地低声呼唤，把王叶从后背放下来，扶住他。
王叶一手抓着雷木的胳膊，跟个真小孩一样咕咕哝哝，另一手揉揉眼睛，总算清醒过来。
“我的妈！这是什么鬼地方？”王叶吓一跳。
周围的陨星学生都看他笑。
雷木揉揉王叶短发：“我们到了那个特殊秘境。”
“这就是那个特殊秘境？怎么感觉这么诡异又凄凉？”王叶打量周围。
只见他们现在身处的是一片树林中的空地，地上长满了只到脚面的黑色野草，周围是树林。
但这些树木无论枝干还是叶片，竟然全都是黑色的。
最让人受不了的是，这些树木上停驻着很多黑乌乌的鸟，比乌鸦丑多了，就像是癞皮秃鹫，翅膀上的毛都快掉光。黑皮黑羽黑爪黑喙，只一双眼睛发出红光。
上千名选拔者就站在这片空地上，自然而然分成了几十个小团体。
大家都在窃窃私语，但没有人乱跑，所有人都站在原地。
“嘎！嘎嘎！”刺耳的叫声成片响起。
配合上刚刚吹拂过全身的阴森冷风，王叶不禁搓了搓自己的小胳膊：“我们这是被扔到地狱来了吗？”
“不是地狱也差不多了。”一名年龄一看就已经超过二十岁，至少有二十七八的青年说道。
青年穿着陨星校服，身上有炼金学院的标记。
王叶这才注意到穿陨星校服的学生绝对超过了十个人。
雷木低声跟王叶道：“你睡过去了，很多事，教授们没来得及跟你说明。除了今年大比选拔出来的十个名额，学校还可以用资源、用贡献值跟特殊秘境购买进入名额，只是这些购买来的名额都有很严格的条件限制，首先年龄就不能超过三十岁，其次个人实力要达到六级以上，第三要掌握至少一门六级以上的专业技能。”
王叶：“呵，这条件比我们的择偶条件也不差什么了。”
雷木失笑，低声补完：“所以这次我们陨星一共来了十九个人。其中九人都是学校往年的超级天才，他们都很厉害。就比如刚才说话的那位，他虽然穿着学生服，其实已经是助教的身份，他是炼金学院院长的高徒，叫……”
“蔡一泽。”青年主动接话，还对王叶笑了笑：“我知道你，小叶子，你这次可是给我们学校大大长脸了。”
王叶对青年点点头，很老实地打招呼：“学长好。”
蔡一泽挑眉，似乎没想到传言中的小叶子是这么一个老实孩子。
Cai Yize raised his eyebrows, as if he didn't expect the rumored Xiao Yezi to be such an honest child.
“学长，我前面睡着了，好多事不知道。你说这里和地狱差不多，是什么意思啊？”王叶仰头问。
"Senior, I fell asleep in front of me, and I don't know a lot of things. What do you mean when you say it's like hell? Wang Ye raised his head and asked.
蔡一泽也不介意说说这其实大家都知道的事情，何况他是这批学生中年龄最大的一个，自认有照顾大家的义务，就召集所有陨星学生，跟他们解说道：
Cai Yize didn't mind talking about this thing that everyone actually knew, not to mention that he was the oldest of this group of students, and he thought that he had the obligation to take care of everyone, so he summoned all the meteorite students and explained to them:
“我知道的也是院长告诉我的。这个特殊秘境还有一个称呼，叫裂隙战场。顾名思义，这里就处在一个空间裂缝中，是另外一个世界和我们的世界接轨的地方，但另外一个世界的存在对我们并不友好，它们想要入侵我们的世界，甚至以我们为食。我们双月星人根据这些侵略者的外貌特征，称它们为癞瘤怪。”
王叶：“……”所以他们这是被送到战场来了？就凭他们的实力，做炮灰吗？
Wang Ye: "......" So they were sent to the battlefield? Just rely on their strength to be cannon fodder?
学校当然不可能把他们这些天才送来做炮灰。 Of course, the school can't send these geniuses to be cannon fodder.
蔡一泽继续道：“根据癞瘤怪背上的瘤子数量，我们可以大致估算出它们的实力。注意，它们不是瘤子越多实力越强，而是相反，瘤子越少实力才越强。不过我们如果不出安全区，一般来说是碰不到癞瘤怪的，除非我们主动要求上战场。”
Cai Yize continued: "Based on the number of tumors on the back of the leprosy monster, we can roughly estimate their strength. Note that they are not that the more tumors there are, the stronger they are, but on the contrary, the fewer tumors, the stronger they are. However, if we don't go out of the safe zone, we generally won't be able to touch the leprosy monster, unless we ask to go into battle. ”
“安全区？”王叶迷糊脸，一副还没睡醒的样子。 "Safe Zone?" Wang Ye's face was confused, and he looked like he hadn't woken up yet.
蔡一泽很想摸摸王叶的头，忍住，转而说了些小孩子会感兴趣的事：“大家是不是对树人很好奇？这个裂隙战场也是可以见到树人最多的地方。传说最初发现癞瘤怪侵略我们的就是树人一族，他们付出了极大代价把癞瘤怪阻挡在空间缝隙里，没让它们真正踏上双月星的土地。”
Cai Yize wanted to touch Wang Ye's head, held back, and said something that children would be interested in: "Are you very curious about the tree people?" This rift battlefield is also the place where you can see the most treants. Legend has it that it was the Treants who first discovered that the Leprosy had invaded us, and they paid a great deal of money to keep the Leprosy in the cracks of space, preventing them from actually setting foot on the land of the Twin Moons. ”
“你们看到周围的树木了吗？不要恐惧它们。实际上这些树木都是牺牲的树人所化，他们用自己的身躯筑成了这一片安全区，只要是黑树林范围，都不用担心遇到危险。而那些癞皮秃鹫，传说也是树人的伴生物，原本是威武雄壮的金雕，在它们的伙伴失去生命后，金雕们就变成了现在的模样。它们是警戒线，也是守卫，如果遇到它们飞起来并朝着某个方向发动攻击，那就是发现了敌人。”
"Do you see the trees around you? Don't be afraid of them. In fact, these trees are all transformed by the sacrificial treemen, who have built this safe zone with their own bodies, as long as it is within the black forest, there is no need to worry about encountering danger. And those leprosy vultures, legend has it that they are also companions of the treemen, were originally majestic golden eagles, and after their companions lost their lives, the golden eagles became what they are now. They are cordons, but also guards, and if you encounter them flying up and attacking in a certain direction, you have found the enemy. ”
被蔡一泽这么一解说，王叶和其他学生再看向这片树林，顿觉亲切不少，就连那些看起来就很丑恶的癞皮秃鹫也不是那么可怕了。
After being explained by Cai Yize, Wang Ye and the other students looked at the forest again, and suddenly felt a lot more kind, even those leprosy-skinned vultures that looked ugly were not so terrifying.
“另外，大家是不是觉得平时看不到很多高级超凡者？其实他们好多人都在这边服役，双月星的超凡者都有义务到裂隙战场来奉献。据说一些最高等级的知识和技能等，都需要贡献值才能买到。包括我们这些往届的学生，想要来这里锻炼和学习，就需要学校给出贡献值。如果没有贡献值，只用魔晶和资源购买资格，那将是一个不可计算的可怕数字。”
"Besides, don't you think you don't see many high-level transcendents in normal times? In fact, many of them are serving here, and the transcendents of the Twin Moon Stars are obliged to go to the rift battlefield to dedicate themselves. It is said that some of the highest level knowledge and skills, etc., can only be purchased with contribution points. Including those of us who are in the past, if they want to come here to exercise and study, they need to be contributed by the school. If you don't have a contribution value, and only use magic crystals and resources to buy qualifications, it will be a terrible number that cannot be calculated. ”
这时不止蔡一泽在跟陨星的学生讲解，有些其他学校和组织的学生也在跟亲近的人彼此了解这里的情况。毕竟不是每个长辈都能清楚特殊秘境的事。
At this time, not only Cai Yize was explaining to the students of Meteorite, but also students from other schools and organizations were also learning about the situation here with people close to them. After all, not every elder can know about the special secret realm.
“看来你们都对我们这里很了解，那我就不用废话多解释了。”一道笑声从树林中传来。
"It seems that you all know us very well here, so I don't need to explain nonsense." A laugh came from the woods.
黑色树木自然而然分开，一个人形的树人迈着树根纠结而成的大脚丫子吧嗒吧嗒地走向众人。
The black trees naturally parted, and a humanoid tree man walked towards the crowd with the big feet formed by the tangled roots.
待在雷木空间中的小云兴奋了，在空间里面欢快地叫：“树人！我们树人！”
Xiao Yun, who was staying in the thunderwood space, was excited, and shouted happily in the space: "Tree man! We tree people! ”
雷木看王叶。 Lei Mu looked at Wang Ye.
王叶立刻明白了雷木的意思，对他点点头。 Wang Ye immediately understood what Lei Mu meant and nodded at him.
雷木当即握住王叶的手，暗中把疯药王等人又转送到王叶的虫巢空间中。
Lei Mu immediately grabbed Wang Ye's hand and secretly transferred the Mad Medicine King and the others to Wang Ye's hive space.
疯药王几个一进虫巢就齐齐惊呼一声。 As soon as the mad medicine king entered the hive, they all exclaimed in unison.
虫巢大变样了。 The hive has changed dramatically.
在王叶眼中，虫巢内部结构并没有怎么改变，但在疯药王几个的眼中，那变化可就大了。
In Wang Ye's eyes, the internal structure of the hive has not changed much, but in the eyes of the mad medicine kings, the change is great.
首先王叶把小二楼细细琢磨后，后来觉得还是把大家的生活空间分开的好，就把单独的小楼分离成了七座小别墅。
First of all, after Wang Ye carefully pondered the small second floor, he later felt that it was better to separate everyone's living space, so he separated the separate small building into seven small villas.
七座小别墅围成了一朵花，点缀在小湖泊一侧，中间是王叶和雷木住的主楼，两侧就是各三栋小楼，七栋小楼之间用廊檐相连。
Seven small villas form a flower, dotted on one side of the small lake, in the middle is the main building where Wang Ye and Lei Mu live, and on both sides are three small buildings each, and the seven small buildings are connected by eaves.
这让七座小楼看似分开，实际又连成一体。 This makes the seven small buildings seem to be separated, but in fact they are connected as one.
最妙的是，其他六座小楼的人如果想要到大厅和大家一起吃饭，只要步入小楼客厅中的传送魔镜，就能进入主楼的饭厅和客厅。
Best of all, if people from the other six small buildings want to go to the lobby to eat with everyone, they only need to step into the teleportation mirror in the living room of the small building to enter the dining room and living room of the main building.
而最让小家伙们开心的是，湖泊边还多了一个游乐园区。
And what makes the little ones happiest is that there is also an amusement park area by the lake.
小金宝见到，开心得蹦跶起来，呜呜叽叽地胡乱大叫，招呼小云就冲了过去。
When Xiao Jinbao saw it, he jumped up happily, screamed indiscriminately, and rushed over after greeting Xiaoyun.
等冲过去，小家伙就知道了，那里不止是游乐园，更是历练区，以后他训练有地方了。
When he rushed over, the little guy knew that it was not only an amusement park, but also an experience area, and he would have a place to train in the future.
怎么有点毛毛的？金宝看着游乐园犹豫，小爪子几次想迈进去又缩回。
How is it a little hairy? Jinbao looked at the amusement park and hesitated, and the little paw tried to step in several times and then retracted.
好想进去玩啊，可又怕以后落入训练的地狱。 I really want to go in and play, but I'm afraid that I will fall into the hell of training in the future.
“为什么有六座分体楼？”疯药王不解，还掰着手指计算。
"Why are there six split buildings?" The mad medicine king was puzzled, and counted with his fingers.
靳蜘蛛想都没想就报出答案：“这还看不出来？主楼是王叶和雷木居所。另外六座，分别是王叶四个师父，还有你我的小楼。”
Jin Spider reported the answer without even thinking about it: "Can't see this?" The main building is the residence of Wang Ye and Lei Mu. The other six are Wang Ye's four masters, as well as you and me. ”
“金宝和小云呢？”疯药王乐得眼睛都笑不见了。 "What about Jinbao and Xiaoyun?" The mad medicine king was so happy that his eyes couldn't laugh.
“小云是树人，外面那一大片种植区都是他的地盘。金宝太小，他两个小爸爸也不会放心让他单独住。”
"Xiaoyun is a tree man, and the large planting area outside is his territory. Jinbao is too young, and his two little fathers will not rest assured that he will live alone. ”
小云先是被外面的树人吸引，可不一会儿，他的注意力就全在新改变后的种植区了，看到那一大片新出现的土地，他特别开心地欢呼一声，没有理会金宝的召唤去游乐园，而是冲向了他心爱的田地。
Xiao Yun was first attracted by the tree people outside, but after a while, his attention was all on the newly changed planting area, and when he saw the large new land, he cheered very happily, and ignored Jinbao's call to go to the amusement park, but rushed to his beloved field.
当他看到种植区多出了很多小溪流后，小云更是高兴。 When he saw that there were many more small streams in the planting area, Xiaoyun was even more happy.
而且新升级的种植区土质和水质都提高许多，小云兴奋地想：可以种植真正的魔植了。
Moreover, the soil quality and water quality of the newly upgraded planting area have been improved a lot, and Xiaoyun excitedly thought: it is possible to plant real magic plants.
良好的土质和水质也更有利于他的成长。 Good soil and water quality are also more conducive to his growth.
小云把树根甩入小湖泊，咕嘟咕嘟吸了不少水，当即满意地长叹一声：这水的品质真高，好像隐隐有提升他体质的作用。这可是整整一个湖泊的水！啊，这里的生活太美好了，就算外面有树人老乡，他也不要离开~
Xiao Yun threw the roots of the tree into the small lake, sucked a lot of water, and immediately sighed with satisfaction: the quality of this water is really high, it seems to have a faint effect on improving his physique. That's a whole lake! Ah, life here is so good, even if there is a tree man outside, he should not leave~
王叶没管疯药王和几个小的在几栋房屋中到处探险，他也不用特意分配，他准备的房子就是按照每个人的喜好和适用性来的，只要看到，大家就会明白哪栋房子是自己的。
Wang Ye didn't care about the mad medicine king and a few small ones exploring around in a few houses, he didn't have to assign them specifically, the houses he prepared were according to everyone's preferences and applicability, as long as they saw it, everyone would understand which house was their own.
金宝放弃在游乐园探险，很快就在主楼中发现了一个应该属于他的套房，但他转眼就把这间房丢在脑后，他才不要跟两个爸爸分开，他还是宝宝呢，当然要跟爸爸们一起睡~。
Jinbao gave up his adventure in the amusement park, and soon found a suite that should belong to him in the main building, but he left this room behind him in a blink of an eye, so he didn't want to be separated from the two fathers, he was still a baby, of course he had to sleep with the fathers~.
小光和浮游光虫们也发现了它们的新虫房，虫房就位于小湖泊一侧的果林中，完全用金子铸造，做成了蘑菇外形，就像一间间童话蘑菇房，简直亮瞎人眼。
Xiaoguang and planktonic insects also discovered their new wormhouse, which is located in the orchard on the side of the small lake, completely cast in gold and made into the shape of mushrooms, like fairy tale mushroom houses, which is simply blinding.
小光和浮游光虫们喜欢极了，尤其是小光。它看过动画片后，就特别喜欢那种蘑菇房，一直都想把自己的虫房改成这种外形。
Xiaoguang and planktonic light insects like it very much, especially Xiaoguang. After watching the cartoon, it liked the mushroom room very much, and always wanted to change its worm room to this shape.
没想到王叶真的做到了，而且还是这么大这么多的金蘑菇，太棒了！
I didn't expect Wang Ye to really do it, and it's such a big golden mushroom, it's amazing!
小光在几十个金蘑菇房中飞来飞去，为这宽敞舒适的空间迷醉。
Xiao Guang flew around dozens of golden mushroom rooms, fascinated by the spacious and comfortable space.
虫房中还设置了空间叠加阵法，让虫房内部比外表看起来更大得多。
The Worm Room also has a space superposition formation set up in the Worm Room, making the inside of the Worm Chamber, much larger than the outside.
小光觉得这里不仅能塞下它现在的全部子民，就是再翻四五倍，也能住的开。
Xiaoguang felt that this place could not only accommodate all its current people, but also multiply it four or five times, and it would also be able to live in it.
靳蜘蛛没想到自己也能有单独一套房子，他嘴上不说，心里则矜持地笑开了花：不枉他真心实意地对那两个孩子。
Jin Spider didn't expect that he could have a single house, he didn't say anything, but smiled reservedly in his heart: it was not in vain that he was sincere to those two children.
果然和这两个孩子在一起，玩心眼反而不可取，只要用真心换真心就好。
Sure enough, with these two children, it is not advisable to play with the heart, as long as you exchange sincerity for sincerity.
疯药王发现了自己的小楼，飞快冲了进去，又飞快冲出来，他想找人炫耀，结果发现家里所有成员都跑去参观自己的小窝了，没人顾得上他。
The mad medicine king found his small building, rushed in, and rushed out quickly, he wanted to find someone to show off, but found that all the members of the family had run to visit his nest, and no one cared about him.
疯药王飞了个寂寞，飘到城墙上往外看。 The Mad Medicine King flew lonely and floated to the city wall to look out.
对啦，现在想要窥探外面的世界，就得特地跑到城墙上去。
By the way, if you want to peek into the outside world now, you have to run to the city walls.
那位树人正在招呼所有选拔者，让他们跟他走。 The Treant was beckoning all the Selectors to come with him.
树人走在最前面，边走边大声说：“小家伙们，欢迎来到裂隙战场！正好我们现在非常需要帮手，你们会先被分到后勤。我们这里的货币就是贡献值，魔晶之类只能私下交易。不管你在这里做什么工作和任务，得到的报酬都是贡献值。贡献值可以购买我们这里特有的产品，还有知识和技能等等。贡献值还有很多其他作用，以后你们慢慢就知道了。”
The Treants walked at the front, shouting as they went, "Welcome to the Rift Battlefield, little ones!" It just so happens that we need a helping hand right now, and you'll be assigned to logistics first. Our currency here is the contribution value, and the magic crystal and the like can only be traded privately. No matter what work or tasks you do here, you will be paid for your contributions. Contributions can be used to purchase products that are unique to us, as well as knowledge and skills, etc. There are many other functions of contribution value, and you will know it later. ”
第244章 打工仔打工中 Chapter 244: Wage earners are working
一列黑色列车从树林中忽然出现，落到众人面前。 A black train suddenly appeared from the woods and landed in front of everyone.
树人让所有人上车。 The Treant gets everyone on board.
上千人依次进入车厢。 Thousands of people entered the carriage in turn.
树人确保没有人遗落后，列车起飞，但没有飞得很高，只在黑色树林间宛如蛇一般蜿蜒穿行。
After making sure no one was left behind, the train took off, but not very high, meandering like a snake through the black woods.
乘坐黑色列车后，速度快了很多，不到十分钟，众人就看到了一扇由黑色枝叶构成的巨大大门。
After taking the black train, the speed was much faster, and in less than ten minutes, everyone saw a huge gate made of black branches and leaves.
大门非常高大，目测足有十米高七八米宽，列车从大门间穿梭而过。
The gate is very tall, 10 meters high and 7 or 8 meters wide, and trains pass through it.
王叶趴在窗口往外看，窗口挤满了人，可惜没人给他们介绍，他们看到了很多建筑物。
Wang Ye leaned on the window and looked out, the window was crowded with people, but unfortunately no one introduced them, they saw a lot of buildings.
很快，列车就在一栋高大巍峨的石造建筑前落下，树人的声音再次响起：“这里是裂隙战场的管理大楼，以后你们可能会经常来这里。任务大厅也在这里，你们现在就将在这里接取任务，所有人赶紧下车，快快快！”
Soon, the train landed in front of a tall and majestic stone building, and the voice of the tree man sounded again: "This is the management building of the Rift Battlefield, and you may come here often in the future." The mission hall is also here, you will pick up the mission here now, everyone get out of the car, hurry up! ”
陨星的人紧紧靠在一起，从列车上下来。 The people of the meteorite clinged to each other and got off the train.
树人站到任务大厅门口的台阶上，大声喊道：“现在开始，所有人将分专业进入大厅，会有人带领你们，告诉你们怎么接取任务。如果擅长多个专业的人，那么就选择自己最擅长的专业。第一波，炼药专业的选拔者出来。速度！不要耽搁。”
The Treant stood on the steps at the entrance of the mission hall and shouted, "From now on, everyone will enter the hall in their own specialty, and someone will lead you and tell you how to take the mission." If you are good at more than one major, then choose the one you are best at. In the first wave, the selection of the alchemy major came out. Velocity! Don't delay. ”
树人后面出现一名身后有双翅的羽族兽人，那名羽族是一名容貌清秀身材修长的女兽人。
Behind the treeman appeared a winged orc, a female orc with a delicate face and a slender body.
女羽族兽人非常温柔地对众人招手：“炼药专业的选拔者请跟我走。”
The female feather orc beckoned to everyone very gently: "The selection of the alchemy major, please follow me." ”
人群中陆陆续续走出许多人，跟着羽族进入任务大厅。 Many people walked out of the crowd one after another, following the Yu clan into the mission hall.
王叶没动，他打定主意要和雷木在一起，当然是选择炼金。
Wang Ye didn't move, he made up his mind to be with Lei Mu, of course, he chose alchemy.
雷木知道他的心思，也没劝，而且他也希望和王叶待在一起。小叶子还小，就算他活过一世，雷木也依然认为他需要照顾。
Lei Mu knew his thoughts, and he didn't persuade him, and he also wanted to stay with Wang Ye. Xiao Ye is still young, and even if he survives for a lifetime, Reimu still thinks that he needs to be taken care of.
陨星学院也有人走出，那人还转头看王叶，似乎很希望小叶子和他们在一起，见小叶子没动，两人露出惋惜神情。
Someone from the Meteorite Academy also walked out, and the person also turned his head to look at Wang Ye, as if he wanted Xiao Yezi to be with them, seeing that Xiao Yezi didn't move, the two showed a look of pity.
陨星最强的就是炼金学院，其次卷轴、魔食和召唤都不错，炼药稍微弱一点。
The strongest of the falling stars is the Alchemy Academy, followed by the scrolls, magic food and summoning are good, and the alchemy is slightly weaker.
“卷轴专业的选拔者跟这位走，快点快点！”树人不断催促。
"The selector of the reel profession follows this, hurry up, hurry up!" The tree man kept urging.
一名穿着魔法师衣袍的人类男子出现，他扫视人群，脸上出现了厌烦神色，似乎很不高兴过来带孩子。
A human man dressed in a magician's robe appeared, scanning the crowd with a look of boredom on his face, as if he was upset to come over and take the child.
第三个就叫到了炼金。 The third one was called Alchemy.
一个胖乎乎的男子匆忙从任务大厅里出来，扬手：“这边！炼金的都到这边来。”
A chubby man hurriedly came out of the mission hall and raised his hand: "This way!" All the alchemists have come here. ”
陨星有六个人出列。 There are six people in the meteorite.
蔡一泽走在最前面，让其他人都跟紧他。 Cai Yize walked in the front and asked everyone else to follow him.
最后聚集到胖男前方的人约有一百多人。 In the end, there were about 100 people gathered in front of the fat man.
胖乎乎的男子扫过这一百多个年轻人，在看到王叶时，微微皱了皱眉，大约是惊讶这群年轻人中竟然还有这么小的孩子。
The chubby man swept over the more than a hundred young people, and when he saw Wang Ye, he frowned slightly, probably surprised that there were such a young child in this group of young people.
但胖男什么没说，见人聚集得差不多，就转身往任务大厅里面走。
But the fat man didn't say anything, and when he saw that the people were almost gathered, he turned around and walked towards the mission hall.
王叶被雷木握着手走在中间。 Wang Ye was held by Lei Mu and walked in the middle.
进入大门后是一块巨大的照壁，上面有整个管理大楼的分布图，但大家根本来不及看。
After entering the gate, there is a huge photo wall with a map of the entire management building, but everyone has no time to look at it.
王叶只扫了一眼，他精神力强，扫一眼也足够他记下那张分布图。
Wang Ye only glanced at it, he had strong mental strength, and a glance was enough for him to write down the distribution map.
这个裂隙战场管理大楼从分布图看很像是魔法塔，从低到高，每一层的功能都不尽相同。
This Rift Battlefield Management Building looks a lot like a magic tower from the distribution map, from low to high, and each floor has different functions.
一楼大厅非常大，这里应该也使用了空间折叠魔法，那么多人进入这里，竟然看不到拥挤现象，每个柜台前都能看到人，但大厅却显得很清爽。
The hall on the first floor is very large, and the space folding magic should also be used here, so many people enter here, and they can't see the crowding, and you can see people in front of every counter, but the hall looks very refreshing.
胖男子带一干人来到一个敞开的柜台前，转身面朝众人，拍拍巴掌，皮笑肉不笑地道：“我想你们的师长已经告诉过你们，你们到了这里就不再是什么天才，只是一群学徒。现在我再告诉你们一遍，你们在这里就是最底层，不要指望能搞什么特殊，分配给你什么任务，你就乖乖做好你的任务，做不好，自然有你们的苦头吃。”
The fat man led a group of people to an open counter, turned to face everyone, slapped his face, and said with a smile: "I think your master has already told you that when you get here, you are no longer geniuses, just a group of apprentices." Now I'll tell you again, you are at the bottom here, don't expect anything special to be done, what tasks are assigned to you, you will obediently do your tasks well, if you don't do well, you will naturally suffer. ”
胖男子环视众人一圈，讥笑：“你们都是聪明人，记住，不要挑战这里的规则！”
The fat man looked around at everyone and sneered: "You are all smart people, remember, don't challenge the rules here!" ”
接下来，胖男手一挥，空中出现一份份卷轴和魔法笔，卷轴和魔法笔自动飞到每个人面前。
Next, with a wave of the fat man's hand, scrolls and magic pens appeared in the air, and the scrolls and magic pens automatically flew in front of everyone.
王叶拿到卷轴展开看，发现这就像一份个人简历，要求填写很多个人信息。
Wang Ye took the scroll and unfolded it, and found that it was like a personal resume, requiring a lot of personal information to be filled in.
王叶看雷木在名字一栏填入雷木两字，卷轴也没有任何不良反应，心中一动，他在自己的卷轴姓名处填的就是雷叶。
Wang Ye saw that Lei Mu filled in the word Lei Mu in the name column, and the scroll did not have any adverse reactions, and his heart moved, and he filled in the name of his scroll with Lei Ye.
雷木也是聪明人，见王叶填写了假名，而卷轴没反应，就知道这张卷轴并不在乎填写者一定要填入真实信息，就在一些关键信息上，比如出生地、国家、种族上就跟王叶一样填了：陨星城、陨星魔法学校、人类。
Lei Mu is also a smart person, seeing that Wang Ye filled in the pseudonym, and the scroll did not respond, he knew that this scroll did not care that the person who filled it in must fill in the real information, and filled in some key information, such as birthplace, country, and race, just like Wang Ye: Meteorite City, Meteorite Magic School, and Humans.
众人埋头填写资料。 Everyone buried their heads in filling out the information.
胖男忽然道：“我知道你们有些人不会填写完全真实的信息，这无所谓。但专业能力方面，你们一定要如实填写，如果擅长多个专业，一定要写出来，包括你们已经拿到的专业资格，因为以后分配任务都会根据你们今天填写的内容来。如果你们想自己领取任务，没有相关专业资质，也无法领得到。”
The fat man suddenly said, "I know that some of you don't know how to fill in completely true information, it doesn't matter. But in terms of professional ability, you must fill in truthfully, and if you are good at multiple majors, you must write it out, including the professional qualifications you have obtained, because the assignment of tasks in the future will be based on what you fill in today. If you want to receive the task yourself, you will not be able to receive it without the relevant professional qualifications. ”
王叶闻言，想了想，就把自己考取的专业资格都填了进去。
When Wang Ye heard this, he thought about it, and filled in all the professional qualifications he had obtained.
卷轴填完，最后一项，要求每个人向卷轴输入自己的精神力，并不可间断，直到卷轴产生变化。
After filling in the scroll, the last item requires each person to input their own mental power into the scroll, and it cannot be interrupted until the scroll changes.
王叶试探地输入精神力，没发现什么危险，就放心大胆地继续输入精神力，但他控制着量，只保证细水长流，却没有猛力输入。
Wang Ye tentatively input spiritual power, and did not find any danger, so he was relieved and boldly continued to input spiritual power, but he controlled the amount, only ensuring a long stream of water, but did not input violently.
前面填写资料都没有花多长时间，可这次输入精神力，时间就长了。
It didn't take long to fill in the information before, but this time it took a long time to enter mental power.
随着一分一秒地过去，众人的脸色开始逐渐苍白，有些人坚持不住了，但因为卷轴要求他们必须不间断地输入精神力，他们也不敢停下来，只能拼命挤出最后一点精神力，直到再也没有办法支撑。
As the minutes and seconds passed, everyone's faces began to turn pale, and some people couldn't hold on, but because the scroll required them to continuously input spiritual power, they didn't dare to stop, they could only desperately squeeze out the last bit of spiritual power, until there was no longer way to support it.
终于有选拔者精神力耗费干净，当他的精神力输入刚一停止，他手中的卷轴就产生了变化，变成了一枚手镯圈到了他的手腕上。
Finally, the Selector's mental power was exhausted, and as soon as his spiritual power input stopped, the scroll in his hand changed, turning into a bracelet and looping around his wrist.
王叶完全有余力观察周围，当他发现一个又一个选拔者因为精神力耗尽而不得不停止后，手中卷轴都变成了手镯，当下就明白了什么。
Wang Ye had all the spare energy to observe the surroundings, and when he found that one after another selectors had to stop because of the exhaustion of mental power, the scrolls in his hands turned into bracelets, and he understood something immediately.
等到雷木的卷轴也变成手镯，王叶立刻也做出力竭的模样，精神力一收。
When Lei Mu's scroll also turned into a bracelet, Wang Ye immediately made an appearance of exhaustion, and his spiritual power was collected.
果然，他手上的卷轴也转变成了手镯戴到了他手腕上。 Sure enough, the scroll in his hand was also transformed into a bracelet and put on his wrist.
蔡一泽等少数几人坚持到了最后。 Cai Yize and a few others persevered to the end.
胖男正在低头看自己手中一张卷轴，等到所有人手上的卷轴都变成了手镯，这才抬头说道：“你们这届的实力不行啊，听说上次那届有个人的精神力达到了八级，而你们最高的才六级顶，最低的才四级。众所周知，精神力想要突破可不是那么容易的事。”
The fat man was looking down at a scroll in his hand, and waited until the scrolls in everyone's hands turned into bracelets, then he raised his head and said: "Your strength this time is not good, I heard that there was a person in the last session whose spiritual power reached level eight, and your highest was only the top of the sixth level, and the lowest was only the fourth level." As we all know, it is not so easy to break through the spiritual power. ”
胖男摇摇头，似乎很看不上这批选拔者，又道：“手镯不要弄丢，那就是你们在裂隙战场的身份证明，不止是身份信息，你们的贡献值也都会记录在其中。如果不幸弄丢，就来管理大楼的二楼补办，不过补办需要十个贡献点。”
The fat man shook his head, as if he looked down on these selectors, and said: "Don't lose the bracelet, that is, your identity certificate in the rift battlefield, not only the identity information, but also your contribution value will be recorded in it." If you are unfortunate enough to lose it, you will be able to manage the second floor of the building to reissue it, but it will take ten contribution points to reissue it. ”
胖男又说明了一些必要事项，比如裂隙战场的规则等。 The fat man explained some necessary matters, such as the rules of the rift battlefield.
“这些内容，你们可以在管理大楼的门口看到最详细版，包括这个安全区的地图。以后有时间你们慢慢看，现在所有人都给我竖起耳朵，我将为你们分派第一份任务。记住，任务可以中途放弃，但放弃后你不会得到任何贡献值，有些任务发布者会因为你造成了材料损失等，对你进行惩罚，所以没有必要，不要轻易放弃你们的任务。”
"You can see the most detailed version of this content at the door of the management building, including a map of this security zone. Later, you will have time to take your time, and now everyone will prick up my ears, and I will assign you the first task. Keep in mind that you can give up a task halfway, but you won't get any contribution points after giving up, and some task publishers will punish you for causing material loss, etc., so don't give up your task easily. ”
胖男虽然有些看不上这些才来的打工仔们，但该说的他都说了，态度并不算恶劣。
Although the fat man looks down on these migrant workers who have just come, he has said everything that should be said, and his attitude is not bad.
胖男把手中卷轴交给柜台后的工作人员。 The fat man handed the scroll in his hand to the staff behind the counter.
很快，所有选拔者就看到自己的手镯亮了一下。 Soon, all the pickers saw their bracelets light up.
胖男：“好了，你们已经拥有你们的第一份任务。现在你们可以原地休息半小时恢复你们的精神力，趁这个时间也可以看一看自己的任务内容。看的方法很简单，看到你们手镯上几个按钮了吗？分别按压那些按钮，你们会知道它们都有什么作用。”
Fat Man: "Alright, you've got your first mission. Now you can rest in place for half an hour to regain your mental strength, and take advantage of this time to take a look at the content of your mission. The way to see it is very simple, do you see how many buttons on your bracelet? Press the buttons separately and you'll know what they do. ”
王叶一拉雷木，就在大厅中席地而坐。 As soon as Wang Ye pulled Lei Mu, he sat on the ground in the hall.
雷木闭眼恢复精神力，王叶也装模作样地跟着恢复，暗中则跟虫巢中的疯药王他们交流。
Lei Mu closed his eyes to recover his mental power, and Wang Ye also pretended to recover, secretly communicating with the mad medicine king in the hive.
“你们也知道这个裂隙战场？” "You know this rift battlefield too?"
疯药王迅速道：“当然。这个裂隙战场已经存在很多年了，大约有近三千年了吧。一开始是树人在支撑，后来有部分人去支援他们，慢慢地才形成了规模。”
The Mad Medicine King quickly said, "Of course. This rift battlefield has existed for many years, about three thousand years. At first, it was the tree people who supported them, and then some people supported them, and slowly it became large. ”
“这么久？”王叶惊讶，“打了这么久还没有把敌人打回去？”
"So long?" Wang Ye was surprised, "After fighting for so long, you haven't beaten the enemy back?" ”
疯药王嘿嘿笑：“你懂什么。养匪也是养兵。很多超凡者想要突破，都需要实战，但双月星又不是天天在打仗，而且很多国家和势力之间也不会轻易开战，那涉及到太多，甚至为了资源等问题，顶尖的超凡者组织，比如六大公会甚至不允许大规模战争在双月星发生。那超凡者们想要实战要去哪里？”
The Crazy Medicine King smiled: "What do you know." Raising bandits is also raising soldiers. Many transcendents want to break through, they need actual combat, but the Twin Moon Stars are not fighting every day, and many countries and forces will not easily start wars with each other, that involves too much, and even for the sake of resources and other issues, the top transcendent organizations, such as the six major guilds, do not even allow large-scale wars to occur in the Twin Moon Stars. Where are the transcendents going if they want to fight? ”
“这里就是练兵营。”靳蜘蛛补充：“我们都来过这里。这个战场有她的潜规则，一开始据说打得很厉害，树人一族牺牲非常大。后来大约是对面的世界发现我们不好惹，就和我们这边的顶尖层做了一个约定，我们不知道这个约定具体是什么，但这之后，双方就没有再出顶尖高手，也就是圣级不会出现在战场上，最高就是九级。而且就连九级都不会轻易出手。”
"This is the training camp." Jin added: "We've all been here. This battlefield has its unspoken rules, and at the beginning it was said that the fight was very strong, and the sacrifice of the Treants was very large. Later, about the opposite world, found that we were not easy to mess with, so they made an agreement with the top layer on our side, we don't know what this agreement is, but after that, the two sides did not produce any more top masters, that is, the holy level will not appear on the battlefield, the highest is the ninth level. And even the ninth level will not make an easy move. ”
“如果说知识之城是学者们的研究地，那这里就是兵工厂和练兵地，对我们如此，对对方也是如此。这里可以让新手们快速熟练和成才。如果论起学识应用，在这里是最快的。”
"If the City of Knowledge is a place of study for scholars, then it is an arsenal and a place for military training, both for us and for each other. This is a place where novices can quickly become proficient and talented. When it comes to the application of knowledge, it is the fastest here. ”
疯药王：“这里有很多应用方面的技巧和小知识，就连知识之城都不一定有。而在知识之城崩塌后，这里的传承大约就是双月星最完整的传承了。也许缺少最顶尖的一部分，但基础知识会非常牢靠和丰富。”
Mad Medicine King: "There are a lot of tips and tricks for application here, which are not necessarily available in the City of Knowledge. And after the collapse of the City of Knowledge, the inheritance here is about the most complete inheritance of the Twin Moon Stars. The top part may be missing, but the basics will be very solid and rich. ”
疯药王不得不承认：“这里很适合你们。” The Mad Medicine King had to admit: "This is a good place for you." ”
“你们当年也来过这里吗？”王叶问。 "Have you ever been here before?" Wang Ye asked.
“来过。这里几乎是每个天才必来之地，就算不是天才，只要家里有办法，也会想方设法塞到这里。当然这里危险也不小，胆小鬼可不适合来这边历练。”
"I've been here. This is a must-visit place for almost every genius, even if you are not a genius, as long as you have a way at home, you will find a way to stuff it here. Of course, there is no small danger here, and cowards are not suitable to come here to experience. ”
“我们那会儿过来还必须上战场，你们现在好像不需要了。”
"We had to go to war when we came over, and you don't seem to need it now."
“但如果能有上战场的机会，还是去经历一下比较好，实战永远都是最锻炼人的。”
"But if you can have the opportunity to go to the battlefield, it's better to experience it, and actual combat is always the most temperable."
疯药王和靳蜘蛛你一句我一句，把他们知道的裂隙战场的事说了不少，也让王叶对这个裂隙战场有了一个比较完整的印象。
The Mad Medicine King and Jin Spider said a lot about the rift battlefield they knew, and also gave Wang Ye a relatively complete impression of this rift battlefield.
等到雷木恢复精神力结束，王叶就开始戳手镯上的按钮玩。
When Lei Mu's mental power was over, Wang Ye began to poke the button on the bracelet to play.
“很有意思，这个手镯竟然是卷轴和魔器的结合产物。”王叶发现这个世界有很多东西的功能表现和地球的现代化科技产品很像。
"It's very interesting, this bracelet is actually a combination of a scroll and a magic weapon." Wang Ye found that there are many things in this world that are very similar to the modern technological products of the earth.
比如这个手镯，你戳按钮，手镯上就会亮起一个光屏，像是任务内容和战场规则、贡献值使用方法等，都有具体介绍。
For example, this bracelet, if you poke the button, a light screen will light up on the bracelet, such as the content of the task and the rules of the battlefield, the use of contribution points, etc., all of which are specifically introduced.
这个手镯还有地图记忆功能，只要你走过的地方，就会被它记录下来。除此之外，还有录音和录影功能。
This bracelet also has a map memory function, as long as you walk through, it will be recorded. In addition to this, there are audio and video recording functions.
“我们在这里应该能学到很多。”雷木也低声道。 "We should be able to learn a lot here." Lei Mu also whispered.
等到大家都熟悉手镯的功能后，胖男招呼众人跟他离开任务大厅。
When everyone was familiar with the bracelet's function, the fat man beckoned everyone to leave the mission hall with him.
他们没从大门出去，而是从另一个门离开。 They did not go out through the main gate, but through another gate.
门外就是一个车站，等了没一会儿，就有黑色列车落下。
There is a station outside the door, and after waiting for a while, a black train falls.
乘坐列车约莫七八分钟后，王叶等人到达了他们第一个任务地点。
After about seven or eight minutes by train, Wang Ye and the others arrived at their first mission location.
雷霆酋长的炼金工厂。 The Alchemy Factory of the Thunder Chieftains.
王叶仰头看，发现这里还真像一个工厂，厂区里不少地方的烟囱都在冒着黑烟。
Wang Ye looked up and found that this place really looked like a factory, and the chimneys in many places in the factory area were emitting black smoke.
“就是这些人？”一个面貌狰狞的大块头从工厂里出来。
"Those are the people?" A big, hideous-looking man came out of the factory.
“对，就是他们。”胖男迅速和大块头做了交接，连招呼都没打一声，就这么走了。
"Yes, that's them." The fat man quickly handed over to the big man, didn't even say hello, and just left.
众人已经感觉到这里的不友好，而且这里的人看起来似乎都很忙碌。
The crowd already sensed the unfriendliness of the place, and the people here seemed to be busy.
大块头声音如雷鸣，特别震耳：“你们这帮小崽子，来了这里就给我老实点！我不管你们是龙是虫，敢在这里惹事，大爷我拧断你们的脖子！”
The big man's voice was like thunder, which was particularly deafening: "You little cubs, be honest with me when you come here!" I don't care if you are dragons or insects, dare to cause trouble here, uncle, I will break your neck! ”
很好，一来就是下马威。 It's good, it's a dismount.
“都给我进来！” "Come in for me!"
众人鱼贯进入工厂区。 The crowd entered the factory area.
“一组，这边十个人归你们，赶紧带走！”大块头每经过一个片区，都会叫人来带走十个人。
“二组，这十个人归你们。”
“七组，……”
“等等啊，老大！”七组的组长指着被分给他的王叶，叫：“这次怎么还有这么小的小鸡崽分过来？外面那些人都在想什么，以为这里是托幼所吗？”
大块头凶狠的目光盯向王叶，似乎才注意到这帮打工仔中竟然还混入了这么一个小崽。
大块头手一伸，把王叶从人群中拎出来。
王叶采取了敌不动我不动的方针，两只小爪子交握，特别老实和乖巧地看向大块头。
大块头抬起另一只手，戳了戳王叶的胳膊。
王叶皱皱眉头，没反抗。
大块头轻轻一扔，王叶落回原处。
“虽然小，但身体不弱，扛得起。赶紧的，带走！”大块头一瞪眼。
七组组长不敢再说什么，咕哝两句，就吆喝这十个人跟他一起走。
大块头分派人时也不知是有意还是无意，同一个学校的基本都分到了一起。
所以王叶和雷木并没有分开，这是王叶最满意的一点。
七组组长停下脚步：“你们都是新人，我也不清楚你们的实力，也许你们炼金的本事比我还强，不过最开始，你们所有人都需要从材料提炼开始。我们的材料分矿石、植物、生物体……，你们三个去矿石区，你们两个去植物区，你们几个去……”
雷木被分到矿石区，王叶被分到了植物区。
王叶看向雷木。
雷木对他暗中摇摇手，示意现在什么都不要说，反正他们距离也不远，都在同一个小组。
王叶就保持沉默，乖乖跟着其他人进去植物区。
头一天，这批新人连休息和适应的时间都没有，就被吆喝着开始干活。
好在大家都不是生手，等到领头人做了一些说明后，很快就做得像模像样。
只是新人们不知道，他们的表现都被某些人看在了眼中。
之后，上面的人会根据他们的具体表现，再给他们重新分派工作，直到把所有人都安排在最适合他们的工作岗位上。
王叶刚开始还觉得这里有点意思，但相同的处理工作，他连续做了三个小时后就开始不耐烦了。
重复工作是最讨厌的，也是最折磨他这种性子比较活的人。
靳蜘蛛在虫巢中忽然道：“忍耐。不要小看这些重复工作，裂隙战场也不会浪费你们这些天才打工仔，让你们做这些无意义的重复劳动，静下心来，你会发现这些重复工作并不是毫无意义的。”
王叶得到提醒，深呼吸几次，让自己的心重新平静下来，这次他全神贯注把注意力全部投入到手中材料上。
当晚，他们被带到了工厂区的宿舍。 That night, they were taken to a dormitory in the factory area.
据说在这家工厂工作期间，他们就会暂时住在这里。以后他们如果去别的地方打工，这里的宿舍就不能住了。他们要么住到打工地点，要么就得用贡献值在安全区租房子住。
It is said that they will stay here temporarily while working in this factory. In the future, if they go to work elsewhere, they will not be able to live in the dormitory. They either live at a part-time job site or have to rent a house in a safe zone with their contributions.
宿舍是四人间，上下床，里面设施特别简陋。房间里没有卫浴设施，得去外面。
The dormitory is a quadruple room with bunk beds and very basic facilities. There were no bathroom facilities in the room, had to go outside.
不过同一批人的房间可以任选，你想和谁住都行。 However, you can choose any room with the same group of people, and you can stay with whomever you want.
王叶理所当然地拉着雷木住了同一间宿舍。 Wang Ye naturally pulled Lei Mu to live in the same dormitory.
蔡一泽和另一名陨星学生和两人住到了一起。 Cai Yize and another Meteorite student lived with the two.
工厂有食堂，打工仔们可以在那里免费吃饭，但食物真的称不上美味。
The factory has a canteen where migrant workers can eat for free, but the food is really not delicious.
总而言之，这个特殊秘境的生活显然出乎很多人意料之外。
All in all, life in this special secret realm is obviously beyond many people's expectations.
王叶和雷木都是吃过苦的人，对于这里的生活还能接受。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu are both people who have endured hardships, and they can accept life here.
但有些原本就出身不错的年轻人，尤其是大贵族后代，就对这里的生活接受不能了。
But some young people who were originally from good backgrounds, especially the descendants of the great nobles, couldn't accept life here.
吃过饭，四人回到宿舍，另外两个陨星学生也过来了。 After eating, the four of them returned to the dormitory, and the other two meteorite students also came over.
六个人就在宿舍里，把他们师长告诉他们的关于裂隙战场的信息都拿出来说了一遍。
The six of them were in the dormitory, and they took out all the information that their division commander had told them about the Rift Battlefield.
“我教授说，前期会很辛苦，让我们无论如何都要忍受下去，如果闹起来，只会自取其辱。”
"My professor said that it will be very hard in the early stage, and we have to endure it no matter what, and if we make trouble, we will only bring shame on ourselves."
“对，我教授也说，这里很多人都看不上我们这些学校派，而且他们平时压力很大，就想捉弄我们纾解压力，如果我们有错处让他们抓住，他们就会狠狠戏弄我们。”
"Yes, my professor also said that many people here look down on us schools, and they are usually under a lot of pressure, so they want to trick us to relieve stress, and if we make a mistake for them to catch, they will tease us fiercely."
“这里学校派的天才才是少数，更多的是那些来这里历练的成熟超凡者，他们很多人性格很怪。”
"There are only a few geniuses in the school here, and more of them are mature and transcendent people who come here to train, and many of them have strange personalities."
“总而言之，前期大家一定要小心，交到我们手上的工作，我们尽量完成，如果有什么问题，大家互相帮助，千万不要自己硬扛，也不要随便发火和放弃。”蔡一泽最后总结。
"All in all, everyone must be careful in the early stage, the work handed over to us, we try to complete, if there is any problem, everyone helps each other, don't carry it yourself, and don't get angry and give up casually." Cai Yize finally concluded.
虽然是四人宿舍，但大家是超凡者，又都带了储物工具过来，每个人都对自己的床铺做了一些特殊布置。
Although it was a four-person dormitory, everyone was extraordinary, and they all brought storage tools, and everyone made some special arrangements for their beds.
像是炼金的学生，直接拿出相应魔器挂在床头，床铺就成了一个私密空间，外面人根本听不到也看不到床铺里面的情景。
Like a student of alchemy, he directly took out the corresponding magic weapon and hung it at the head of the bed, and the bed became a private space, and outsiders couldn't hear or see the scene inside the bed.
雷木见此，拿出了一张窗帘，围着床铺拉了一圈。 Seeing this, Lei Mu took out a curtain and pulled it around the bed.
这窗帘是靳蜘蛛指点他做出来的魔器之一，隐蔽效果特别好。
王叶钻入雷木的床铺，两人一起进入了虫巢空间。
两人一进来就相视一笑，有了虫巢空间，首先他们的休息和吃住绝不成问题。
接下来的日子非常平淡，只要他们能完成被要求的工作，没有人会刻意找他们麻烦。
他们就像是真正的打工仔，在工厂里做着最基础最烦人的工作。
王叶因为有靳蜘蛛的提醒，很快就从这份烦躁的基础工作中找出了乐趣，他发现工厂让他们做这些基础工作真的不是毫无意义。
因为不是机械处理，每个人处理的材料多少都沾上了每个人的精神力，而且材料本身也都有细微不同，所以看似流水线的工作，实际上每个人处理出来的材料并不是绝对一样。
这样一来，最后完工的魔器，哪怕外形一模一样，实际上每一个都有差别。
王叶开始尝试把每个材料都处理得一模一样，他在锻炼自己的稳定性。
而王叶并没有注意到，他处理的材料已经引起部分人注意。
第245章 金光小猪仔
德里克是一名质检人员，他专门负责检查最基础那批材料的处理情况。
如果有不合格的就会打回去，还会把不合格品的处理人名字记下来，下午把统计结果交上去，上面的财务人员则会在下午下班前，把每个人前一日应得的贡献值打入各人账户。
而不管打工仔们如何仔细，他们不是机械，就是机械还会出错，更何况人手，所以每个人多多少少都会有一些问题品。
且根据时间来看，一般来说都是上午的材料处理得比较好，时间越接近下班，材料的处理品质就越不稳定。
“一个月了，这批小猪仔怎么样？”身材高大、面貌狰狞的大块头进来，在德里克对面坐下。
德里克拿起一张单子：“你不找我，我也要找你了。这批孩子可能不少人事先受到过长辈的叮嘱，虽然看得出不耐烦，但还没有人明面闹出来。但他们的心不稳，有些人不但没有越做越好，反而越做越毛躁，这是具体名单。”
大块头接过第一张单子，略微一扫，手指就在单子上按了一下，一个血红色的X出现在单子下方。这些人会被调配到更辛苦的工作中，比如挖矿、种田、单能量输出等等。
“另外，这是表现比较稳定、性格也比较稳重的几个人，可以重点培养，建议可以转入下一个部门。”德里克又拿出一张单子。
大块头同样接过单子，这张单子上赫然有着雷木和蔡一泽的名字。这次大块头手指按下，单子上出现了一个绿色的圆圈。
这是固定流程，对于如何考核和锻炼这些寄予无限希望的新人，管理阶层早就有一套行之有效的培养方法。
裂隙战场的管理者们并不是不重视这批天才，相反他们极度重视，毕竟这可是五十年一次挑选出来的整个双月星都数得出来的天之骄子。
为什么会要五十年一次？
因为这个时间就是双月星的顶尖高层和瘤背怪高层约定的停战时间，大约有两年左右，这期间依然会有小规模战斗发生，但整体氛围会比战时要轻松许多，老人们也有时间去调教新来者。
可能有人会说错过五十年一次挑选的人岂不是很可惜，这种选拔制度是否很不公平？
这点倒不用担心，除了五十年一次的集体选拔，平时他们也会接受一些新人过来，不过这就需要大量贡献值来购买名额。
如果没有足够的贡献值，那进来的新人不管你是什么身份，年龄有多大，都得上战场，而不是待在后方锻炼和学习。
可惜双月星整体和平太久，真正的危险都被挡在门外，很多超凡者只是去魔兽森林之类的地方历练，就觉得已经很够，真让他们上战场，他们就犹豫了。
之后就慢慢形成，有贡献值就到安全区打工兼学习，没有贡献值但有勇气并有一定实力的人就直接去战场。
这也导致战场下来的人会看不上来打工的打工仔们。
可不管如何，五十年一次选拔出来的打工仔们都是双月星的希望，裂隙战场的管理者包括双月星的顶层都希望这批天才们能尽快成长起来。
“就是这些？那其他人就留着继续做事。”大块头正要起身。
“稍等。”德里克叫住大块头，又抽出一张单独的单子：“这些孩子中，有一个人处理的材料，至今为止没有一个失败。”
“什么？”大块头惊讶地转身：“你是说这批小猪仔有一个人整整一个月，处理了那么多材料，没有一个不合格？”
“是。”德里克把手里的单子往前推了推。
大块头从桌上拿起单子，边看边念：“七组，雷叶，三十天共计处理材料三千件。前十天，处理后的材料纯净度在97%99.9%之间，材料利用率达到9299%之间。之后的二十天，材料纯净度稳定在99.9%，利用率稳定在99%……”
大块头不可置信地看向德里克：“这个数据不是你瞎填的？”
德里克严肃认真的脸上没有半点笑意。
大块头举起手，“抱歉，我不应该跟你开这样的玩笑。可是这也……”
大块头抖抖手上的单子，又看了一遍，满脸都是惊奇：“怎么可能？纯净度和利用率都达到了99%以上，还一直保持稳定？后二十天两千件材料，还是不同材料，全都如此？”
德里克用力点头：“我一开始也不相信自己所见，但我反复检查过这位的作品，我的检测没有出错，就是如此。”
“你应该早点报上来。”大块头喃喃自语。
“我想要看看他能稳定多久。一个月下来，我想足以证明这孩子的心和手有多稳，包括他的精神力输出。这孩子很可能掌握了某种稳定处理材料并提高纯净度和利用率的方法，也有可能这是他的独特特质。”
大块头抹抹脸，把这张单子郑重地收起来：“怪不得上面说这批基础材料有些处理的不错，还有人说这批成品的成功率比以往高，也许就和这孩子提供的那些处理材料有关。”
“也许。”
“你的汇报很重要，我会把这件事报上去。这个孩子接下来的具体安排，已经不是你我能操纵的了。”大块头向质检员德里克行了个礼，离开了办公室。
他想顺便去看看七组那个叫雷叶的小猪仔，看看他长什么样。也许这位将来也会是一名专业大牛和风云人物。
德里克在办公室沉默片刻，继续自己的工作，一直到下班，他才不紧不慢地离开工厂。
但他没有回家，他乘坐列车去了安全区另一边。
这片区的建筑千奇百怪，每栋建族几乎都是住户自己亲手建造。
一只巨角斜斜插在地面上，怎么看都找不到它有门。
但德里克对着巨角念了一句咒语，巨角底部就出现了一条阶梯。
德里克踩着阶梯一步步往上走，身体很快就消失在巨角中。
而这时他已经进入巨角内部，里面是看起来还算正常的生活空间。
“迪普，老朋友，我发现了一个好苗子，你会喜欢他的。”德里克高声喊道。
一颗脑袋从墙壁里冒出来，“什么好苗子？”
德里克把刚才大块头念的数据念了一遍。
那颗毛茸茸的脑袋连带后面的身体整个拔了出来，这是一个身材矮小的老头，顶多一米六。
“这个数据你没开玩笑？”矮小老头不是不相信老友，但这个数据真的太惊人。
哪怕换了他，他也做不到这个程度。
“今天我刚把数据交上去，我想很快就会有人来争抢这个孩子。想想看，如果有这么一个孩子给你处理材料、打下手，你的炼金成功率会提高多少？”
矮小老头心动，但还是问道：“你说他只处理了植物材料？那么矿石和生物体呢？”
“这就是我想和你说的。上面也许会让他去处理矿石和生物体，看看他处理其他种类的材料是不是也这么稳定。这段时间，上面不会把他推荐给任何炼金大师。但一旦他的最终数据出来，你认为你还能把这个孩子抢到手吗？”
矮小老头不说话了。
德里克力保道：“相信我，这个孩子绝对值得你花贡献值去把他特聘过来。就算他在矿石和其他材料上的处理不如植物，可只是植物处理也很厉害了。你还可以调教他，让他试着去处理其他材料。”
矮小老头原地踱步。
德里克无语：“你难道不相信我的眼光？告诉你，你那个研究想要成功，我觉得这个孩子会是关键。你要是不要，我去找加布尔，他也很想要一个优秀的助手，早就托我在这批天才中给他挑一个。”
“等等！”矮小老头急了，蹿到德里克前面，“我没说不要，你别这么急。”
“你还有他更多信息吗？”矮小老头问。
德里克故意做出回忆的模样：“唔，我们拿不到这些天才的更多资料，我只知道他出身陨星魔法学校，同组有一个哥哥，兄弟俩的表现都很亮眼。对了，这孩子才十岁不到。”
“卧槽！这么小就这么厉害？”矮小老头瞪大眼睛，左手握拳用力击右掌：“抢了！”
“那还等什么？走了，赶紧去申请。”德里克转身。
矮小老头连忙抓了件外套，追上去：“对了，这孩子不需要我喂他吃饭吧？”
“滚蛋吧，人家都能来裂隙战场了，你还当他是奶娃娃吗？”
德里克不是唯一一个提前泄露信息的人。
大块头也有自己的好朋友，他直接就把德里克那张单子复印了一份，发给了几位老友，纸上就一句话：想要的赶紧！
王叶被调派到了矿石组，开始处理矿石。
他不知道上面的安排，还以为规定就是这样，也没多问，正好他处理植物材料已经稳定。
这一个月对于他来说的最大收获，就是他能稳定输出自己的精神力了。
何谓稳定输出？
那就是他想要在一个小时内，平均每毫秒输出单位为1的精神力，那就绝不会是0.99或者是1.01。
从头到尾简直比稳压电流都稳。
王叶接下来准备挑战时长，就是看自己能维持多长时间的稳定输出。
别看这样做，他的精神力值没有增加，但实际上对他的精神力控制和应用却极有好处。
打个比方，他原本有一万发子弹，但每次攻击别人，他都是几十上百发子弹同时攻击同一个人，可现在他已经精确到一颗子弹就能打中要害。
王叶甚至给自己搞了个训练计划，先从稳定性开始训练，等到他能把一万发子弹，每一弹都能用同样的时间、同样的准确度攻击中敌人。接下来他就会尝试用一颗子弹来解决两个甚至更多敌人。
而这种训练在外面根本就不可能，因为没有这么多材料给他练手。
虽然他升级后的虫巢有了拟态实验室，但拟态也只是拟态，并不能把同类材料的细微差别全都显示出来。
这是一种必须要实际上手才能体会到的精确感。
因为白天把时间都贡献给了炼金练习和精神力操控，晚上下班回到虫巢，王叶就一心练武。
时校长给了他一个水晶球，里面会有立体影像教他武技，包括战气的修炼。
战气和魔力以及因果之力都不同，按照王叶的理解，战气更像是华夏传统武术说的内力，是一种通过锻炼自身凝聚出来的自身生物能。
According to Wang Ye's understanding, battle qi is more like the internal force of traditional Chinese martial arts, which is a kind of self-biological energy condensed through exercise.
而魔力也好，因果之力也好，则更像是外界的能量，被自己吸收入体内，再转化成防守、攻击和治疗等手段。
Whether it is magic or the power of cause and effect, it is more like the energy of the outside world, which is absorbed into the body by oneself and then transformed into means of defense, attack and healing.
既然魔力和因果之力可以互相转换，那么战气是不是也能和这两者互相转换？
Since the power of magic and the power of cause and effect can be converted into each other, can the battle qi also be converted into the two?
王叶刚冒出这样的想法，水晶球中的时校长似乎早就预料到他会想什么一样，在接下来的一节课程中就警告他道：“能量之间的彼此转换没有问题，但你需要先把你的战气给修炼出来，并且决不能比你的其他能力弱。否则战气就成为你木桶中最短的那块板子。一旦你觉得战气不够强大，每当危险时刻，你下意识就不会再想要使用武修的手段，长此以往，你还不如不练武技。”
“记住，想要转换可以，但必须是你的战气已经和你的魔力达到同等级或更强以后，否则千万别这么做！”
"Remember, you can convert if you want, but you must not do it if your battle qi is already at the same level or stronger than your mana!"
王叶这才放弃把因果之力转换成战气这个偷懒的想法。 Only then did Wang Ye give up the lazy idea of converting the power of cause and effect into battle qi.
王叶给自己定下的精神力锻炼课程当然也不是他自己瞎琢磨的，他请教过疯药王和靳蜘蛛，他们都给出了十分中肯的意见。疯药王还说这个锻炼对学习草药辨认术也有极大好处。
Of course, the mental power training course that Wang Ye set for himself was not something he pondered by himself, he consulted the Mad Medicine King and Jin Spider, and they both gave very pertinent opinions. The Mad Medicine King also said that this exercise is also very beneficial for learning herbal identification.
雷木也在使用这个精神力锻炼法，不过他的精神力没有王叶这么磅礴，能量也不如他的特殊……主要是雷木不敢随便使用他的魔种之力和精灵血脉力量，这两种血脉自带的特性也会显示在处理的材料中。
Lei Mu is also using this spiritual power training method, but his spiritual power is not as majestic as Wang Ye's, and his energy is not as special as his...... The main reason is that Lei Mu does not dare to use his demon seed power and elven bloodline power casually, and the characteristics of these two bloodlines will also be displayed in the materials handled.
比如用魔种力量处理材料，材料就会偏阴性。 For example, if you use the power of the demon seed to deal with the material, the material will be negative.
用精灵血脉力量，则会让材料充满生机。 With the power of the Elven Bloodline, the material will be full of life.
其实来的天才中也有几个看着就是魔种的年轻人，但雷木小心惯了，又有王叶在身边，就不肯冒险。
In fact, among the geniuses who came, there were also a few young people who looked like demon seeds, but Lei Mu was used to being careful, and with Wang Ye by his side, he refused to take risks.
精灵系血脉，他则是能不暴露就不暴露。因为就连兰道都说他改换精灵血脉时，那血脉纯度竟然比他都高得多，不像是混血精灵，反而像是纯血木系精灵。
The elven bloodline is not exposed, and he can not be exposed. Because even Landau said that when he changed the elven bloodline, the purity of the bloodline was much higher than him, not like a half-blood elf, but like a pure-blooded wood elf.
纯血木系精灵，这可是几乎在双月星已经消失的存在，如果让精灵族知道，雷木就别想跟着王叶到处乱跑了。而且外界对木系精灵垂涎欲滴的人也多得是。
Pure-blooded wood elves, this is an existence that has almost disappeared in the Twin Moon Stars, if you let the elves know, Lei Mu won't want to follow Wang Ye around. And there are many people in the outside world who covet wood elves.
他和王叶两个出的风头已经够多，尤其是王叶，雷木真的不想让自己也成为某些组织捕捉的目标之一。
He and Wang Ye have been in the limelight enough, especially Wang Ye, Lei Mu really doesn't want to let himself become one of the targets of some organizations.
王叶在矿石组待了三天，第四天就被转到了其他材料组。
Wang Ye stayed in the ore group for three days, and on the fourth day, he was transferred to the other material group.
王叶有点莫名其妙，这个节奏很不利于他训练自己好吗？
为此，他还跟上面小小抗议了一下。 For this reason, he also protested a little to the above.
结果组长对他说话的神情可和蔼了，跟看亲儿子一样，还用哄小孩的语气哄他：“因为你做得好嘛，上面应该是想看看你是不是所有材料都擅长处理。放心啊，你材料处理得好，得到的贡献点也比别人多哦。乖，听话，去别的材料组玩玩。”
As a result, the team leader spoke to him with a kind expression, just like looking at his own son, and coaxed him in a coaxing tone: "Because you did a good job, I should want to see if you are good at handling all the materials." Don't worry, you handle the materials well, and you get more contribution points than others. Be obedient, be obedient, and go to play with other material groups. ”
王叶还能怎样，只能去别的材料组“玩玩”了。 What else can Wang Ye do, he can only go to other material groups to "play".
这一玩就又是三天过去。 Three more days passed.
王叶还在争分夺秒地训练自己的精神力，却不知外面某些大师因为争抢他这个助手，都快打起来了。
Wang Ye was still racing against time to train his mental power, but he didn't know that some masters outside were about to fight because they were competing for him as an assistant.
更“糟糕”的是，因为王叶把工厂几个种类的材料都处理过，工厂就把他处理过的材料集中起来，然后交给工厂一位炼金师，让他专门使用王叶处理过的材料来炼制魔器。
What's even worse is that because Wang Ye has processed several kinds of materials in the factory, the factory will gather the materials he has processed, and then hand them over to an alchemist in the factory, so that he can use the materials processed by Wang Ye to refine magic weapons.
顺便说一句，这个工厂专门炼制普式魔武，也就是最常见的魔弹枪、魔力炸弹、魔力迷雾弹之类。
By the way, this factory specializes in refining general-style magic weapons, which are the most common magic guns, magic bombs, magic fog bombs, and the like.
这些东西在战场上对付低级瘤背怪，威力不小，所以一直保留了下来。
然后这位炼金师就用王叶处理过的材料炼制了三把魔弹枪。
上面当即就拿走检测。
而检测结果不到半天就“泄露”了出去。
普通二级魔弹枪，可以自动吸收和压缩魔力，可以保证在十秒内连续射击三十弹。
但这三支二级魔弹枪，却可以在十秒内连续射击五十弹。
换言之，这三支魔弹枪在相同时间内，可以吸收和压缩的魔力更多。
除此之外，这三支魔弹枪的发射距离和魔弹威力也都提高了近乎一点五倍。
另外还有一个数据，那就是那名工厂炼金师并不算是什么炼金大师，他的炼金专业等级才只有六级，以往他的成功率在百分之二十五到三十之间，也就是三到四套材料，他才能成功炼制出一支。
可这三支魔弹枪，他才一共使用了五套材料，这可是百分之六十的成功率！
那位工厂炼金师自己也说，使用这几套材料炼制魔弹枪时，感觉特别顺，包括他的能量输入和精神力输入。
“以前我炼制魔器，总感觉有些材料在排斥我，但这次，我觉得那些负面能量就像是消失了。我不知道这是不是我的错觉，但我想这是成功率提高的最大原因！”这位炼金师还着重说明了这点。
因为这位炼金师的话，上面对这三支魔弹枪又做了更精细的检测，结果发现，这三支魔弹枪竟然真的没有负面能量残留。目前魔弹枪上残留的负面能量都来自刚才的测试者。
Because of the alchemist's words, the above did a more detailed test of these three magic shotguns, and it was found that these three magic shotguns really had no negative energy residue. At present, the remaining negative energy on the magic bullet gun comes from the tester just now.
这个消息一传出去，任务大厅那边的特聘办公室，几个大师就在里面吵吵吵。
As soon as the news spread, several masters were arguing in the special office on the other side of the mission hall.
“我早就来申请了，我是第一个申请的！为什么到现在都不让我的申请通过？你们这是在搞内部操作吗？小心我投诉你们！”矮小老头迪普叫。
“我们也早就来了，并不比你迟。这该死的办事效率！”
"We're here early, not later than you. This is damn efficiency! ”
“哟，这不是老黑吗？你不是看不起这些只在学校读死书的学生仔吗，还骂他们是猪仔！还说这些猪仔过来就是给大家添麻烦的。”
"Yo, isn't this Lao Hei? Don't you look down on these students who only read dead books in school, and scold them for being piglets! He also said that these piglets came here to cause trouble for everyone. ”
“别给我泼脏水！猪仔是大家对这些年轻人的亲切叫法。而且我什么时候说他们给大家添麻烦了？好吧，也许有些年轻人确实是这样，但有些天才是不能同一般人论的！”
"Don't throw dirty water on me! Piglet is the affectionate name of these young people. And when did I say they were causing trouble for everyone? Well, maybe some young people are like that, but some geniuses can't be compared to ordinary people! ”
“那小鬼才十岁不到，加布尔你不是最讨厌小孩子吗？你就不怕他闹腾。”矮小老头迪普故意道。
"That little imp is less than ten years old, Gabri, don't you hate children the most? You're not afraid of him making a fuss. The short old man Dip said deliberately.
头发雪白的炼金大师义正言辞地说：“不要胡说！我最喜欢孩子了。”
The snow-white alchemist said righteously: "Don't talk nonsense! I like kids the most. ”
加布尔又转向工作人员，可怜兮兮地说：“你们看我这把年纪，到现在都孤孤单单一个人，就需要这样可爱活泼的小朋友待在身边温暖我这颗孤老凄冷的心，我发誓我一定会好好待他。你们看，我还买了好多糖果。”
Gabr turned to the staff again, and said pitifully: "You see that I am lonely and lonely at this age, and I need such a lovely and lively child to stay by my side to warm my lonely old and cold heart, and I swear that I will treat him well." You see, I also bought a lot of candy. ”
特聘处工作人员啼笑皆非，更想抱头。 The staff of the Special Appointment Office laughed and wanted to hold their heads.
这几位不是最难缠的，真的。 These guys aren't the toughest, really.
最难缠的几个都直接去找他们的顶头上司了。 The most difficult ones went straight to their immediate superiors.
“诸位大师，你们都想要那个雷叶对吧？”工作人员端正坐姿道。
"Masters, you all want that Lei Ye, right?" The staff sat upright.
“对！” "Yes!"
工作人员拿出一个水晶球，点亮：“上面说了，想要那孩子当助手的人太多，所以这次把这孩子分配到哪里，会采取竞价方式。谁出的贡献点最高，谁就能让这孩子去他那里当助手。而这份贡献点的九成会支付给雷叶做报酬，另外一成是管理处的手续费。”
The staff took out a crystal ball and lit it: "As mentioned above, there are too many people who want that child to be an assistant, so where to assign this child this time, a bidding method will be adopted." Whoever has the highest contribution points will be able to let the kid go to him as an assistant. And ninety percent of this contribution point will be paid to Lei Ye as a reward, and the other one percent is the handling fee of the management office. ”
“竞价？你们也太黑了吧！以前不都是让人自己选吗？”
"Bidding? You're too dark, aren't you? Didn't you always let people choose for themselves? ”
“就是！为什么不让那孩子直接和我们接触？”大师们愤怒。
"That's it! Why don't we let that kid have direct contact with us? "The masters are outraged.
工作人员微笑：“我们这也是为了公平。那孩子刚来，对诸位也不了解，到时他要是因为某些原因选了谁，诸位大师又要说是不是有人暗中先接触了他，并吹嘘了某人的本领。为此，这次不直接接触，就竞价。竞价采取暗标的方式，诸位大师可以在水晶球上用精神力默念你们能给出的贡献点。竞价到明天晚上六点前结束。之后我们会对整个安全区公布结果。”
诸位大师虽然不爽，但他们也觉得这种竞争方式更公平，也省了很多事。并不是所有大师都愿意哄着孩子玩，他们需要的是能做事的助手，并不想弄回一个任性娇惯还不爱做事的小少爷。
Although the masters are unhappy, they also feel that this way of competition is fairer and saves a lot of trouble. Not all masters are willing to coax children to play, what they need is an assistant who can do things, and they don't want to get back a young master who is willful and pampered and doesn't like to do things.
现在他们出贡献点，小孩接受，那就是他们的员工，当然得要听话乖乖做事。
Now they contribute to the point, and the child accepts, that is, their employees, of course, they have to be obedient and obedient.
王叶啥都不知道，他还以为他会在工厂里至少待上半年，甚至更久，自然也不知道他掀起的风浪。不过目前这场风浪只在少数人中掀起，还不算大。
王叶是在次日傍晚去食堂吃晚饭的时候，收到了新的任务消息。
Wang Ye was going to the cafeteria for dinner the next evening when he received a new mission message.
“我要转去给一个叫迪普的炼金大师做助手。主要任务就是处理材料，每天必须处理五十件，时间三个月，根据表现可延期。报酬是九百二十贡献点……呃，你们这么看着我做什么？”王叶看向左边那张桌子。
左边的桌子边坐着的是工厂正式员工，他们看王叶的神色很复杂。
Sitting at the table on the left were the regular employees of the factory, and they looked at Wang Ye with complicated expressions.
雷木低声道：“他们似乎很在意你说的报酬。” Lei Mu whispered, "They seem to care about what you say. ”
王叶还不知道这里的报酬体系是怎样的，闻言就惊讶道：“才九百二十个贡献点，很多吗？”
Wang Ye didn't know what the remuneration system was here, and when he heard this, he was surprised: "It's only nine hundred and twenty contribution points, is it a lot?" ”
左边的正式员工忍不住了：“何止多。你知道一名普通助手一天才能拿多少贡献点吗？两点到五点。就是我们一天的报酬也只有五个贡献点。你三个月就拿九百二十，相当于你一天就能赚到十点贡献值，这可是炼金专业等级六级以上的高级助手才能拿到的点数。”
The regular employee on the left couldn't help it: "That's more." Do you know how many contribution points an average helper can earn in a day? Two o'clock to five o'clock. Even our daily remuneration is only five contribution points. You will get nine hundred and twenty in three months, which is equivalent to you can earn ten contribution points in one day, which is the number of points that can only be obtained by a senior assistant of the sixth level or above of the alchemy professional level. ”
王叶：“哦。” Wang Ye: "Oh. ”
其他临时打工仔唰地转头看向王叶。 The other temporary workers turned their heads to look at Wang Ye.
王叶终于在进入裂隙战场整四十天后，再次迎来了群众瞩目。
Wang Ye finally ushered in the attention of the masses again after entering the rift battlefield for forty days.
“雷叶？他是不是就是陨星那个小叶子？” "Lei Ye? Is he the little leaf of the meteorite? ”
“除了他还有谁？没见他哥雷木就在他旁边？” "Who else but him? Didn't you see his brother Raim right next to him? ”
“你们说的小叶子是不是那个各校大比四项专业都考了第一，我师父说他是千年难遇的天才，但倒霉中了千木之毒的那个银月帝国继承人？”
"Is the little leaf you are talking about the one who has taken the first place in all four majors in each school, and my master said that he is a genius who is rare in a thousand years, but the heir of the Silver Moon Empire who was unlucky enough to fall into the poison of a thousand trees?"
“就是他。” "That's him."
“哇哦！竟然真的这么小！” "Wow! It's really so small! ”
“哎哎哎？你们刚才说什么，什么四项第一？还银月帝国继承人？”
"Hey, hey? What did you just say, what are the four firsts? Also the heir of the Silver Moon Empire? ”
“你们不知道吗？就是那个小孩，他啊……” "Don't you know? It's that kid, he'......."
很快，一两张餐桌的窃窃私语就扩展到了整个食堂。 Soon, the whispers of one or two tables spread to the entire cafeteria.
大概是四项第一这个说法太惊人，要么就是大家对活生生的帝国皇子比较好奇，好多正式员工和没有见过小叶子的临时打工仔们都会有意无意地经过陨星的这张餐桌，看看那个小叶子长什么样。
Probably the first of the four is too amazing, or everyone is more curious about the living imperial prince, many regular employees and temporary workers who have never seen Xiao Ye will intentionally or unintentionally pass by this dining table of the Meteorite to see what that little leaf looks like.
雷木眉头皱成了疙瘩。 Lei Mu's brow furrowed into a pimple.
这里可不是学校，他们可没有一堆长辈保护。 It's not a school, and they don't have a bunch of elders to protect them.
蔡一泽也低声跟两人道：“小叶子，你以后进出都跟着你哥和我们，你一个人不要随便行动。”
Cai Yize also whispered to the two: "Xiao Yezi, you will follow your brother and us when you go in and out in the future, and you don't act casually alone." ”
王叶：“……”人怕出名猪怕壮，他现在就是一只浑身都闪烁着金光的小猪仔~。
Wang Ye: "......" people are afraid of being famous, pigs are afraid of being strong, and he is now a little piglet with golden light shining all over his body~.
第246章 发现征兆 Chapter 246: Finding the Signs
次日，王叶就去了迪普大师那里报道。 The next day, Wang Ye went to Master Dipu to report.
雷木不放心，就请假半天送王叶过去。 Lei Mu was not at ease, so he asked for half a day off to send Wang Ye over.
工厂的管理员现在都知道雷木就是雷叶的兄长，见雷叶年龄着实也还小，就同意了。
The administrator of the factory now knew that Lei Mu was Lei Ye's brother, and seeing that Lei Ye was really young, he agreed.
因为要在迪普大师那里待最少三个月，工厂的宿舍自然不能再住，这样一来王叶和雷木貌似就要分开。
Because he had to stay with Master Dipu for at least three months, the dormitory of the factory naturally could no longer live, so it seemed that Wang Ye and Lei Mu would have to separate.
但好在王叶晚上可以进虫巢，就跟以往他们在陨星一样，白天都忙着上学，晚上才有时间相见，所以两人也没非要黏糊在一起。
But fortunately, Wang Ye can enter the insect nest at night, just like they used to be in the meteorite, they are busy going to school during the day, and they only have time to see each other at night, so the two don't have to stick together.
只不过这里不是学校，打工地点的大师也不是学校的教授，在这里可没有人会宠着小叶子，也没有人当他的后台，雷木自然会有所担心。
It's just that this is not a school, and the master of the part-time job is not a professor at the school, so no one will spoil Xiao Yezi here, and no one will be his backstage, so Lei Mu will naturally be worried.
两人按照任务地点的指示，乘坐黑色列车来到了安全区另一侧。
The two followed the instructions of the mission location and took the black train to the other side of the security zone.
王叶看着这个小区中各种稀奇古怪的房子，睁大眼睛。 Wang Ye looked at all kinds of strange houses in this community and opened his eyes wide.
这个裂隙战场，他在上辈子连听都没听说过，更没有来过这里。
This rift battlefield, he had never even heard of it in his previous life, let alone been here.
这里的一切对王叶来说都十分新鲜。 Everything here is very new to Wang Ye.
两人很快找到了那只巨角。 The two quickly found the giant horn.
王叶指着巨角小声说：“木木，你看这个角像不像小角原本的样子？”
Wang Ye pointed to the giant horn and whispered, "Mu Mu, do you think this horn statue is not the original appearance of the little horn?" ”
雷木失笑：“跟你画的图是很像。” Lei Mu smiled: "It's very similar to the picture you drew." ”
王叶眨眨眼睛：“你说这里的这位大师会不会知道那位王在哪里？海族的巫秘说海族有十位王，我总不能一一拜访过去。”
Wang Ye blinked: "Do you think this master here will know where that king is?" The secret of the Sea Clan says that there are ten kings of the Sea Clan, and I can't visit them one by one. ”
“世界上很多生物的角都很像。”雷木的意思就是让王叶慎重。
"A lot of creatures in the world have similar horns." Lei Mu's meaning is to let Wang Ye be cautious.
“我会小心。” "I'll be careful."
“不知道这个迪普大师为人如何？”雷木担心。 "I don't know what this Master Dip is like?" Reimu worried.
王叶更小声说：“我先看看情况，如果对方人不行，我就溜。”
Wang Ye whispered: "I'll take a look at the situation first, and if the other party can't do it, I'll slip away." ”
雷木笑：“对，你是小孩子，就多多使用小孩子的特权。大不了我们不要这份贡献点，别人问起来，你就直接说不喜欢那位大师。”
Lei Mu smiled: "Yes, you are a child, so use the privileges of children more." It's a big deal that we don't want this contribution point, and when others ask, you just say that you don't like that master. ”
雷木顿了顿，还是忍不住道：“低调一点，嗯？” Lei Mu paused, but still couldn't help but say, "Keep a low profile, huh?" ”
王叶严肃道：“木木，你是不是对我有一些误解？我从来就没有高调过。”
Wang Ye said solemnly: "Mumu, do you have some misunderstandings about me?" I've never been high-profile. ”
雷木：“……总之，更低调一点。” Remu: "...... In short, a little more low-key. ”
“好的，没问题，我保证不惹事！不主动惹事。”王叶举起三根手指发誓。
"Okay, no problem, I promise not to cause trouble! Don't take the initiative to cause trouble. Wang Ye raised three fingers and swore an oath.
雷木总有种淡淡的忧愁和不安，他也承认，有时候真的不是小叶子想要高调，而是……莫名其妙他就站在风口浪尖了。
Lei Mu always had a faint sense of sorrow and uneasiness, and he also admitted that sometimes it was really not Xiao Yezi who wanted to be high-profile, but ...... Inexplicably, he was on the cusp.
“去敲门吧，别误了时间。” "Go knock on the door, don't miss the time."
“哦。”王叶上前敲门。 "Oh." Wang Ye stepped forward and knocked on the door.
呃，门在哪里？ Uh, where's the door?
不过迪普大师已经知道王叶会在这个时间段过来，早就准备好了，王叶刚走到巨角屋面前，迪普大师就打开了大门。
However, Master Dipu already knew that Wang Ye would come over at this time period, and he had already prepared for it, and as soon as Wang Ye walked in front of the giant corner house, Master Dipu opened the door.
两人看到一道阶梯出现在巨角底部，互视一眼，一起踏上阶梯。
The two saw a staircase appear at the bottom of the giant horn, looked at each other, and stepped on the stairs together.
两人刚进入屋内，还没来得及打量这座屋子，就有一人从楼梯上下来。
As soon as the two entered the house, before they could look into the room, one of them came down the stairs.
“你们谁是雷叶？”身高约有一米七五的中年男子问。 "Who of you is Lei Ye?" A middle-aged man with a height of about 1.75 meters asked.
王叶举起手：“我是。” Wang Ye raised his hand: "I am." ”
中年男子愣了愣，大概没有想到新来的助手会这么小：“请和我对接你的身份。”
The middle-aged man was stunned, probably not expecting the new assistant to be so small: "Please contact me for your identity." ”
中年男子亮出自己的手镯。 The middle-aged man shows off his bracelet.
王叶在手镯上按了一个按钮。
中年男子的手镯上亮出一道光幕，上面介绍了王叶的身份和来意，包括他领取的任务内容。
中年男子见确认无误，这才对王叶笑道：“欢迎你，大师等你很长时间了，跟我来吧。我也是大师的助手，你可以称呼我为莱维。这位是？”
雷木忙道：“我是他哥哥，只是来认个门，我马上就走。”
“兄长啊。我理解你的担心，不过这种担心很多余。以后实在担心，可以送他到门口，但请不要进来。”中年男子手一指，一扇门出现还是打开状态。
"Brother. I understand your concern, but it's redundant. If you're really worried in the future, you can send him to the door, but please don't come in. The middle-aged man pointed with his hand, and a door appeared or opened.
雷木知道大多数大师脾气都不太好，也不是很介意，轻轻拍了拍王叶的肩膀，转身向敞开的大门走去。
Lei Mu knew that most of the masters were not very good-tempered, and he didn't mind very much, so he patted Wang Ye lightly on the shoulder, turned around and walked towards the open door.
王叶回头目送雷木离开，再转过头，脸上就什么表情都没了。
Wang Ye turned his head to see Lei Mu leave, and then turned his head, and there was no expression on his face.
他不喜欢这个莱维，不知道是不是因为莱维对雷木很不客气，让他的心绪都有些躁动。
He didn't like this Levi, I don't know if it was because Levi was very unkind to Remu, which made his mind a little restless.
莱维不知道王叶所思，见小孩没有闹腾，安安静静地跟着他，还松了口气。
Levi didn't know what Wang Ye was thinking, and when he saw that the child didn't make a fuss, he followed him quietly, and breathed a sigh of relief.
说实话，看到新来的助手这么小，他很是奇怪迪普大师的决定。
To be honest, seeing that the new assistant was so small, he was very surprised by Master Deep's decision.
难不成迪普大师想收徒？还是这是谁推荐过来的？
还不知道外界传言的莱维带着王叶来到了迪普大师面前。
矮小老头看到同样矮小的王叶，先天就感到很舒服，对面无表情的小家伙招招手，“来来来，让我看看你的能力，这里有二十份材料，各个种类都有，我的要求是这样的……”
没有自我介绍，没有欢迎仪式，上来就是工作。很好，熟悉的配方，熟悉的味道。
王叶的几个师父都是这样的人，他很自然地就进入了工作状态，没有半点不适应。
迪普原本以为他要费很多口舌，对自己的工作和王叶的工作进行解说，说不定还要指点这孩子怎么做事。
结果就见这小孩不但没有半点认生和局促，反而老练得像是在他这里已经工作很久，不但对所有工具和仪器都很熟悉，看那手法更是熟练得像是同样的工作已经做过千万遍，根本不需要他做多余的指点，这让老迪普的嘴都要笑咧了。
很好很好，不枉他出高价把这孩子请过来。
果然不是要喝奶的奶娃娃，他不用担心贡献点白花了。
哪怕这孩子没有德里克说得那么优秀，他也愿意让这孩子当自己的助手。
莱维见到小孩表现，也不禁挑挑眉，承认自己看走了眼。这小孩竟然是真来当助手的，而不是当学徒。
“每天你只要完成我要求的工作，多余的时间，我不会管你做什么。这些工具和仪器，你都能用，平时可以自学，材料你也可以用，但不能超过我提供材料的十分之一。但是！如果你不能按时按要求完成，或做其他违规的事情，超过两次，我就会退人，并要求你退回我已经付出的贡献点。这没问题吧？”迪普大师故意吓唬小孩道。
其实小孩就算真的不能按时按量的完成工作，或有些小小违规，他也不会很严苛。但一开始当然还是要立好规矩。
“没问题。”
“很好。另外，你想请假，或者有其他事情，可以找莱维。”
“好的。”
迪普大师笑眯眯地摸出一袋糖果塞到王叶手里：“好好做事。”
王叶看到袋子里是什么后，默默地把袋子塞回了虫巢里。这些就给金宝他们吃吧~
一天时间很快就过去，中途迪普大师甚至忘记叫王叶吃饭，莱维似乎也很忙，也顾不上照顾新人。
王叶无所谓，他又不是真小孩，肚子饿了，自己随便从虫巢空间里拿了一点东西吃。
等到晚上，迪普大师终于想起来王叶忙碌了一天。
“哦，抱歉，孩子，我忙起来就什么都顾不上了。莱维！莱维你过来。”大师把莱维叫出来，跟莱维叮嘱：“你带他参观一下我的房子，告诉他，他住的房间，重点是厨房。另外，”
大师亲切地问王叶：“你知道怎么做饭吃吗？我恐怕我们都没有时间给你做吃的。如果你饿了，你可以到厨房自己找找有没有食物，那里的食物原材料定期会有人补充。如果你自己会做最好，如果不会，你可以让人送餐，这部分费用，我可以出。”
王叶：“不用让人送餐，只要厨房有食物材料就好，我会做一点食物。”
迪普大师大喜：“那就太好了！莱维，你带他过去。”
交代完，迪普大师就又一头钻进他的研究室，不出来了。
莱维似乎有点不耐烦，但他没有显露出来，只让王叶跟上他。
“厨房和饭厅都在一楼，左手边是厨房，右边是客厅。你的房间也在一楼。”
莱维的介绍非常简单，带着王叶走了一遍，就跟他说道：“迪普大师很忙，有什么事你可以找我，不用去麻烦他。你还有什么问题吗？”
他以为是王叶先去找了大师，大师才会让他带小孩参观屋子。
这点确实是他的工作，大师早就交代他，只是忙起来他就忘了。
王叶觉得这个莱维莫名的有一股傲气，这股傲气并不是针对他，而是这人自内而外透出的那股人上人感。
就好像这人原本是个地位很高的人，现在却委屈自己在做助手一样。
王叶摆摆手，表示自己没什么问题。
莱维进厨房拿了点食物，转身就上了二楼。
王叶看着这人的背影，微微皱了皱眉。
他没有感觉到恶意，但是这种不舒服感到底是怎么回事？
王叶边想边进厨房逛了逛，见这里摆放了不少食物原材料，当即动手做了一点晚餐。
王叶也没有拿超出他平常食用的份量，就是一人份，他只是拿取他应该得的，不该占的便宜他不会占。
做好晚餐，王叶忽然打开了因果卷。
他想到了之前几次心绪不稳的时候，那时候好像因果卷都有特别反应。
王叶精神力扫过因果卷，乍一看好像没什么特别的反应。
但当他把注意力放到莱维这个名字上时，他终于发现了一点异常。
这个人和他之间的因果线颜色很正常，这表明他们之间没有任何仇怨。对方对他也没有什么恶意，就算有也没开始实行。
可是这人的身份…… But the identity of this man ......
王叶看到莱维的名字后面还有一个括号，括号里的名字叫尤萨尔。
尤萨尔这个名字让王叶感到陌生，但他的记忆告诉他，他听过这个名字。
尤……
这个姓很特殊，而有一个人也姓尤，并让他记忆深刻，这个人就是他这辈子经历的第一个副本，陨星药园副本的大boss尤妮斯。
一想到尤妮斯，王叶终于想起尤萨尔是谁。
天！这不是尤妮斯那个亲叔叔，从陨星脱逃的药园前任园长吗？
王叶：“……”师父啊，你们在哪？赶紧来，我有重要消息汇报啊！
师父们没有出现，王叶也暂时没办法把消息传回学校。不过转而一想，这位前园长大人和他无冤无仇，他既然隐瞒身份并做了伪装跑到裂隙战场来，那么他又何必多在意这个人？
这么一想，王叶就稳了，从厨房出来就去看他的宿舍。
宿舍房间没有什么好说的，不算狭小，看着约有十二个平方，有一张床，一个镶嵌在墙壁里的衣柜，一张木桌和一张椅子，墙上钉着几个挂衣钩。
There was nothing to say about the dormitory room, it was not cramped, it looked about twelve squares, there was a bed, a wardrobe embedded in the wall, a wooden table and a chair, and several coat hooks nailed to the wall.
王叶关上门就进了虫巢。 Wang Ye closed the door and entered the hive.
雷木早已回来，看到王叶出现，立刻迎了上去。 Lei Mu had already returned, and when he saw Wang Ye appear, he immediately greeted him.
家里其他成员倒不是很好奇，他们通过虫巢看到王叶一天都干了什么，只觉得特别无聊。
The other members of the family were not very curious, they saw what Wang Ye had done all day through the hive, and they only felt very bored.
王叶吃饭时，就把助手莱维很可能是药园前任园长的事跟雷木说了。
When Wang Ye was eating, he told Lei Mu that his assistant Levi was likely to be the former director of the medicine garden.
雷木的意见也是先观察，不要和对方过多接触。 Lei Mu's opinion is also to observe first and not to have too much contact with the other party.
另一头，迪普大师忙得连吃饭都忘了，还是老友德里克来找他把他拉到了饭厅，又动手给他做了一顿丰盛的晚餐。
On the other hand, Master Dip was so busy that he forgot to eat, but his old friend Derek came to him and pulled him into the dining room, where he made him a sumptuous dinner.
“雷叶来你这里了吗？”德里克问。 "Did Lei Ye come to you?" Derek asked.
迪普大师点头，喝了口滚热的浓汤，只觉得胃里舒服许多。
Master Dip nodded, took a sip of the hot soup, and felt much more comfortable in his stomach.
“那孩子很不错。”迪普已经拿到王叶处理的第一批材料，只随手检测了几个，就发现数据优异得惊人，而且真的特别稳定，且所有他处理过的材料都不含负能量。
"That's a good kid." Dipu had already obtained the first batch of materials processed by Wang Ye, and only tested a few casually, and found that the data was amazingly excellent, and it was really stable, and all the materials he had processed did not contain negative energy.
这让他越发觉得一天十个贡献点的高价付得很值。 This made him feel more and more that the high price of ten contribution points a day was worth it.
“你赚到了。”德里克跟老友分享了一个他刚刚听到的新消息：“你知道吗，这孩子在这批天才中也是非常有名的人物，他在这次双月星全超凡者学校大比中，拿到了极好的成绩。”
"You've earned it." Derek shared a new piece of news he had just heard with his old friend: "Did you know that this kid is also a very famous figure among this group of geniuses, and he got excellent results in this Double Moon Star All Transcendent School Competition. ”
“炼金第一？”迪普随口问。 "Alchemy first?" Dipper asked casually.
“何止！他拿到了四项专业大比第一！四项！”德里克用力道。
"What's more! He won the first place in four professional competitions! Four! Derek said hard.
吧嗒，迪普的勺子落进碗里。 Dip, Dip's spoon fell into the bowl.
“你说什么？四项第一？那孩子精通这么多门专业？他才多大？”迪普感到不可思议。
"What do you say? Four firsts? That kid is proficient in so many professions? How old is he? "Dip was incredible.
德里克呵呵笑道：“惊讶吗？现在这个消息已经传开了，之前出价比你低的人可后悔了，加布尔刚才还在联系我，跟我哭诉，说他只比你少出了一百个贡献点。”
Derek chuckled, "Surprised? Now that the news has spread, the person who bid lower than you before regrets it, and Gabriel was still contacting me and crying to me, saying that he only gave a hundred contribution points less than you. ”
迪普得意：“那个老家伙，怎么可能抢得过我，让他小气！那孩子拿到的是哪四项第一？除了炼金，还有三项是什么？”
Dipper was proud: "That old guy, how can he rob me and make him stingy!" What are the four firsts that the kid won? In addition to alchemy, what are the other three items? ”
“据说是培植、召唤、炼药和卷轴。”德里克回答。 "It is said to be cultivating, summoning, refining potions, and scrolls." Derek replied.
迪普一愣，“你确定真是这四项？” Dipper was stunned, "Are you sure it's really these four?" ”
“那些孩子是这么说的。怎么了？”德里克不解。 That's what the kids said. What's wrong? Derek was puzzled.
“炼金呢？他炼金大比是第几？还有人比他更强？” "What about alchemy? What is the number one in his alchemy? Is there anyone stronger than him? ”
德里克终于反应过来：“对哦，他炼金第几？那些孩子并没有提他炼金的名次。等等。我已经打探到这次炼金大比的前三名的名字，但都没有雷叶。倒是他的兄长雷木获得了第三名的好名次。”
Derek finally reacted: "Yes, how much does he alchemist?" The children didn't mention his alchemist ranking. Wait a minute. I have already found the names of the top three in this alchemy competition, but none of them are Lei Ye. However, his brother Remu won the third place. ”
“就算他只是获得前十，也很厉害了。精通五门专业？天哪！现在的小孩子都这么可怕吗？”迪普大师不住惊叹。
"Even if he only finished in the top 10, it was amazing. Proficient in five majors? Oh, my God! Are children so scary now? Master Dip couldn't help but marvel.
“你等等，我问问。”德里克真的找人问了。 "You wait, I'll ask." Derek really asked someone.
他们的身份手镯也具有通讯功能，不过想要加通讯功能，得额外付一大笔贡献值。
Their identity bracelets also have a communication function, but if you want to add a communication function, you have to pay a large amount of additional contribution value.
德里克很快打听到最新消息，他满脸惊讶地道：“我让人去问了那些孩子，他们说小叶子也就是雷叶并没有参加炼金比试。”
Derek quickly inquired about the latest news, and he said with a surprised face: "I asked people to ask those children, and they said that Xiao Yezi, also known as Lei Ye, did not participate in the alchemy competition. ”
迪普大师：“……你跟我说他没有参加炼金比试，却进入炼金工厂工作了四十天，不但没有出任何问题，还优秀到被我挑选出来成为我的助手？”
Master Dipu: "...... You told me that he didn't participate in the alchemy competition, but he worked in the alchemy factory for forty days, and not only did he not have any problems, but he was so good that I selected him to be my assistant? ”
德里克摊手：“虽然不可思议，但事实好像就是这样。”
Derek spreads his hands: "It's incredible, but it seems to be the way it is. ”
迪普大师按住额头，喃喃自语：“如果他没有参加比试的炼金都这么优秀，那他拿下第一的四项专业该优秀到什么程度？”
Master Dipu pressed his forehead and muttered to himself: "If he didn't participate in the competition and the alchemy was so good, then how good should he be in the four majors where he won the first place?" ”
“呃，也许他只是特别擅长处理材料。你看所有专业的基础，基本都是互通的。不管是炼药还是培植，包括卷轴，都需要处理材料。”德里克又想到一点：“小叶子还小，又来到这么一个陌生地点，他肯定很希望和他哥哥在一起。他哥肯定要被分到炼金这一块，而他很可能为了不和他哥哥分开，就也报了炼金。”
"Well, maybe he's just very good at handling materials. If you look at the foundation of all majors, they are basically interconnected. Whether it's refining or cultivating, including scrolls, you need to deal with materials. Derek thought again: "Little Leaf is still young, and he must want to be with his brother when he comes to such a strange place again." His brother must be assigned to alchemy, and he probably repaid alchemy in order not to be separated from his brother. ”
迪普大师接受了这个理由，但还是感到非常神奇：“就算他只是会处理材料也很了不得。可是……”
Master Dip accepted the reason, but still felt amazing: "Even if he can only handle the material, it is amazing." But ......"
“可是什么？”德里克也喝了一口浓汤，并为自己的手艺点赞。
"But what?" Derek also took a sip of the soup and praised his craft.
迪普大师眼中满是疑惑：“虽然只是第一天，我和他也没有说过几句话，但我觉得我说得他都听得懂。你明白我的意思吗？我说的很多炼金专业词汇，他都听得懂。”
Master Dipper's eyes were full of doubt: "Although it was only the first day, and I didn't say a few words to him, I think he understood what I said. Do you understand what I mean? He understands a lot of alchemy vocabulary I speak. ”
“也许他哥哥擅长炼金，他耳闻目染……” "Maybe his brother is good at alchemy, he hears and sees ......"
“不是这样。虽然材料处理的手法和技能可以互通，但是炼金需要的材料和炼药需要的材料，要求很多都不一样。我的直觉告诉我，那孩子也同样擅长炼金，而不只是处理材料。”迪普很肯定地道。
"Not really. Although the techniques and skills of material processing can be interconnected, the materials required for alchemy and the materials required for alchemy are different in many ways. My instincts told me that the kid was just as good at alchemy, not just with materials. "Dip is sure it's authentic.
德里克挑眉：“你可以考考他，让他做个成品看看。” Derek raised his eyebrows: "You can test him and let him make a finished product to see." ”
迪普大师觉得这个建议很好，他现在对那孩子真的太好奇了。
Master Dipper thought the suggestion was good, and he was really curious about the kid now.
当天晚上，不，应该说今天整整一天，整个安全区到处都有人在提某个四项第一。
That night, no, it should be said that all day today, there were people everywhere in the whole security zone mentioning some of the four firsts.
说话的人自然而然会好奇那个小叶子到底比了哪四项，然后知道他报名分到炼金那一块还表现优异的人，自然也产生了同样的疑问：这小孩的炼金术到底怎样？
The person who spoke would naturally be curious about which four items that Xiao Ye compared, and then knew that he had signed up for the alchemy section and performed well, so he naturally had the same question: What is this child's alchemy?
难不成这小孩不止精通四门，而是五门？ Could it be that this kid is not only proficient in four, but five?
“不，不止五门。他炼药比的是挑战赛，赛上他还把闻笛给从双月抢到了陨星，闻笛成了他的师父。而闻笛要求转校的条件，不但要求挑战者在炼药和医学知识方面要得到高分，同时还包含魔法阵在内。”一名裂隙战场的高层跟朋友这么说道。
"No, it's not just five. His alchemy competition was a challenge competition, and in the competition, he also snatched Wen Di from the double moon to the meteor star, and Wen Di became his master. And Wen Di's requirements for transferring to another school not only require the challenger to get high scores in alchemy and medical knowledge, but also include the magic array. A high-ranking member of the Rift Battlefield told a friend.
“闻笛？是那个闻笛？” "Smelling the flute? Is that the flute? ”
“对，就是那个闻笛。” "Yes, that's the flute."
“等等！你们说闻笛转校了？从我们双月魔法学校转到了陨星魔法学校？”这位说话的正是双月前任校长。
"Wait! You said Wendi changed schools? Transferred from our Twin Moon School of Magic to the School of Meteorite Magic? "This is the former principal of Biyue.
“是。这消息已经传开了。” "Yes. The news has spread. ”
“怎么可能？！”双月前任校长不可置信。 "How is that possible?!" The former principal of Bi-Moon was unbelievable.
某高层微笑：“没有什么事不可能。为了那样一个弟子，换了我，我也转校。”
A senior executive smiled: "Nothing is impossible." For the sake of such a disciple, I was replaced, and I also changed schools. ”
双月前任校长：“……”为什么我会无言以对？还觉得对方说得非常有理？
Former Principal of Biyue: "......" Why am I speechless? Do you think the other party is very reasonable?
“这个小叶子也太厉害了吧？他这是精通几门专业了？五门？六门？他才多大？”不少裂隙战场高层人员都感到了不可思议。
"This little leaf is too powerful, isn't it? How many specialties is he proficient in? Five doors? Six doors? How old is he? "Many high-ranking personnel of the Rift Battlefield felt incredible.
“据说他是银月帝国撒尔曼大帝的继承人之一，撒尔曼似乎在培养两个继承人身上付出了极大代价，一直秘密藏到现在。”
"It is said that he is one of the heirs of the Salman the Great of the Silver Moon Empire, and it seems that Salman has paid a great price for cultivating two heirs, and has been hiding in secret until now."
“那孩子还是银月帝国的继承人？！”虽然震惊，但大家听说那孩子是撒尔曼秘密培养出来的，对于小叶子小小年纪就优秀得过分这点反而不是太惊讶了。
"That kid is still the heir of the Silvermoon Empire?!" Although shocked, everyone heard that the child was secretly cultivated by Salman, and they were not too surprised that Xiao Yezi was too good at a young age.
时间秘境和一梦千年之类的魔法都能把一个年纪幼小的孩子培养到这种程度。只不过这世上没有几个人能付得起这样的代价，也没有几个孩子真的值得这么培养。
Spells such as the secret realm of time and a thousand years of dreams can raise a young child to this extent. It's just that there are few people in this world who can afford such a price, and few children are really worthy of such training.
“听说撒尔曼和长生会的关系很好。”有人幽幽道。 "I heard that Salman has a good relationship with the Immortal Society." Someone said quietly.
“哼！长生会。看来那个小叶子也不是什么自然产物。”
"Humph! Immortals. It seems that the little leaf is not a natural product either. ”
“他也不是什么魔法人偶，他是真正的人。” "He's not a magic doll either, he's a real person."
“我知道。我只是……那孩子的心性不会有问题吧？” "I know. I was just...... Then there will be no problem with the child's temperament, right? ”
“知道吗，他有三位师父。闻笛、兰道和虫老魔。你们觉得那三位会收一个心性有问题的弟子？”
"You know, he has three masters. Wen Di, Landau, and the Worm Boss. Do you think those three will accept a disciple with a problem with his heart? ”
“卧……槽！怪不得这小孩这么碉堡！” "Lying ...... Trough! No wonder this kid is such a bunker! ”
“我们要给他加特别保护吗？他的消息已经传得沸沸扬扬，这不是什么好事。”双月的前任校长是个很正直的人，虽然有点恼怒小孩把闻笛给勾走，但是这么出色的孩子可是双月星的人，而他们这些长辈有责任保护每一个双月星的幼苗。
"Are we going to give him special protection? His news has spread widely, and it's not a good thing. "The former principal of Shuangyue is a very upright person, although he is a little annoyed that the child has taken Wendi away, but such an outstanding child is a person of Shuangyuexing, and they elders have the responsibility to protect every seedling of Shuangyuexing.
“我已经开始做了，先把消息压下去。这次消息传得这么快、这么广，也不对劲。”
"I've already started to do it, let's keep the news down first. Something is not right this time when the news spreads so quickly and widely. ”
“把那孩子的资料保密吧，不是我们这个阶层就不能查阅。另外，如果可以，就让那孩子再换个身份。”
"Keep that child's information confidential, it's not our class that can't access it. Also, if you can, let the child change his identity. ”
“也不用太担心，等他三位师父来了，他就有靠山了。”一位高层无奈道。
"Don't worry too much, when his three masters come, he will have a backer." A senior executive said helplessly.
“哎？闻笛、兰道和虫老魔他们要来？”几人瞪眼。 "Huh? Wendi, Landau, and the old demon are coming? Several people stared.
某位高层举起手中的魔法卷轴，表情复杂地道：“我已经收到申请。”
A certain high-level raised the magic scroll in his hand and said with a complicated expression: "I have received the application. ”
第247章 恶意、师父来啦 Chapter 247: Malice, Master is here
迪普大师收到了一份特别联系，那位裂隙战场的高层和他通过水晶球通话，两人聊了好一会儿。
Master Dip received a special contact, and the high-ranking of the Rift Battlefield spoke to him via a crystal ball, and the two chatted for a while.
通话后，迪普大师就找到自己的助手莱维，跟他吩咐：“雷叶在我这里当助手，你有跟外面说吗？”
After the call, Master Dip found his assistant Levi and instructed him, "Lei Ye is my assistant here, have you told the outside?" ”
莱维皱眉，立即回答：“没有。他有什么特殊的，我要跟别人说他？”
Levi frowned and immediately replied, "No." What's so special about him that I have to tell someone about him? ”
“很好！雷叶确实没有什么特别的。以后你也不要和别人提他。如果有人问你小叶子有没有在我这里做助手，你就说没有这个人。”迪普大师要求道。
"Excellent! Lei Ye really didn't have anything special. Don't mention him to anyone else in the future. If someone asks you if Xiao Yezi is my assistant, you will say that there is no such person. Master Dipu asked.
莱维不明所以，当即询问：“这个小叶子是怎么回事？为什么要如此做？”
Levi didn't know why, and immediately asked, "What's going on with this little leaf?" Why? ”
“唔，他家人不放心，担心有仇家找上他。”迪普大师如此解释。
"Well, his family is not at ease, worried that an enemy will find him." Master Dip explained.
莱维再次皱眉：“既然这小孩的身份如此麻烦，大师您还要留着他吗？”
Levi frowned again: "Since this child's identity is so troublesome, do you still want to keep him, master?" ”
“哦，对比他的专业性，他的身份不是问题。总之，我们都不要说出去就好。”迪普再度要求莱维不要把小叶子在他这边当助手的事说出去，还提醒莱维，如果别人问起，就说小叶子没来。
"Oh, his identity is not a problem compared to his professionalism. In short, let's just not talk about it. Dip again asks Levi not to tell him about Leafy being his assistant, and reminds Levi that if someone asks, he will say that Leafy didn't come.
迪普大师确定莱维明白他的意思后，就去做自己的事了。
Once Master Deepp was sure that Levi understood what he meant, he went about his business.
却不知道就因为他这份叮嘱反而让莱维好奇起来，就出去打听王叶的事了。
didn't know that because of his advice, Levi became curious, so he went out to inquire about Wang Ye.
实际上，莱维也不需要怎么打听，他只要去酒馆之类的地方坐一坐，就能听到关于那个小叶子的传闻。
只不过酒馆里那些会特意提到小叶子，还故意大声谈论的人一下少了很多。
It's just that there are a lot fewer people in the tavern who will specifically mention Xiaoye and deliberately talk about it loudly.
因为这些人都被跟踪了，有的人被警告，有的人则因为身份有问题直接消失。
Because these people are followed, some are warned, and some disappear simply because of identity problems.
如此一来，一些别有用心扩散消息的人就少了很多，但朋友间偶尔还是会拿那个小叶子当话题。
In this way, there are a lot fewer people who have ulterior motives to spread the news, but friends still occasionally use that little leaf as a topic.
莱维来裂隙战场已经很多年，他自然也有自己的朋友，他约了几人出来，说是聚会，聚会中他只是提到他听到了一些关于一个小孩的传闻，大家就自然聊起来，也让莱维知道了雷叶的信息。
Levi has been coming to the rift battlefield for many years, and he naturally has his own friends, and he asked a few people out to say that it was a party, and during the party, he just mentioned that he had heard some rumors about a child, and everyone naturally chatted, and also let Levi know about Lei Ye's information.
王叶这边也收到了叮嘱，让他不要把在迪普大师那里做助手的事情说出去，出门也最好伪装一下。
Wang Ye also received an instruction here, telling him not to tell about being an assistant to Master Dip, and it was best to disguise himself when he went out.
“如今外面到处都在传你的消息，速度之快之广很不正常。我们怀疑有人盯上了你，听说你在比试中就被人差点掳掠走？你是个聪明孩子，我相信你应该明白你现在的处境了。我们这里不是学校，没有办法派人时刻保护你，这里来往人员很多，成分也非常复杂，你需要保护好你自己，你明白吗？”
"News of you is spreading everywhere out there these days, and it's not normal how fast and wide. We suspect that someone has been eyeing you, and we heard that you were almost taken captive during a competition? You're a smart kid, and I'm sure you understand where you're now. We're not a school here, there's no way to send someone to protect you at all times, there's a lot of people coming and going here, and the ingredients are very complicated, you need to protect yourself, you understand? ”
王叶：“我明白，谢谢通知。” Wang Ye: "I understand, thank you for the notice." ”
当上面出手后，王叶的消息顿时压了下去，至少外面已经听不到有人在故意谈论和提起他。
When the above made a move, Wang Ye's news was immediately suppressed, at least no one outside could be heard talking about and mentioning him deliberately.
同时管理大楼那边贴出了一个公告，上面说了一件足以让整个裂隙战场都轰动的消息，大家自然就转移目光，去谈论这个消息去了。
At the same time, an announcement was posted on the side of the management building, which said that it was enough to make the entire rift battlefield sensational, and everyone naturally turned their attention and talked about it.
就连雷木晚上回来都跟王叶说起：“我发现我们来这里真的来对了，虽然工作很繁重，但我们可以接触到的材料很多，实践机会也非常多。组里的小组长还会定期教我们一些实际应用的小技巧，都非常有用。”
Even Lei Mu came back at night and told Wang Ye: "I found that we really came here to the right place, although the work is very heavy, we can come into contact with a lot of materials, and there are also a lot of practical opportunities." The group leader in the group also taught us some practical tips on a regular basis, which were very useful. ”
靳蜘蛛和学校教授虽然也能教导他们，但每个人擅长的都不一样，每个人的教学方法也不一样，不说师父的教导能力，弟子们能学到多少也因人而异。
Although Jin Spider and the school professor can also teach them, everyone is good at it differently, and everyone's teaching methods are different, not to mention the master's teaching ability, how much the disciples can learn also varies from person to person.
有些人会因为某个问题一直被困在某个阶层，或者某方面总是无法做好。
Some people will be stuck in a certain class all the time because of a certain problem, or they will always be unable to do a good job in a certain area.
在这里，他们有了大量练习的机会，那些组长还会巡视他们的工作，发现不对，就立刻指点他们，虽然也会骂上两句，但对比得到的好处也就不算什么了。
Here, they have a lot of opportunities to practice, and those team leaders will also inspect their work, and if they find something wrong, they will immediately point them out, although they will also scold them, but the benefits obtained from the comparison are nothing.
有些组长性子比较婆妈，看一遍说不通，甚至会手把手地教，一直到你明白为止。
Some team leaders are more mother-in-law, and they can't make sense after reading it, and they will even teach them hand-in-hand until you understand.
很多学生来到这里后，都觉得受益匪浅。当然也不排除一些觉得这些工作太过简单、重复度又太高而觉得烦躁的人。
Many students feel that they have benefited a lot from coming here. Of course, it is not excluded that some people feel that these tasks are too simple and too repetitive and feel irritable.
总体来说，每个人的受益程度都不一样，每个人的感受也不一样，有人觉得这样重新打基础是一件好事，但也有人认为这是在浪费他们的时间。
In general, everyone benefits differently, and everyone feels differently, some people think that this is a good thing to re-build the foundation, but others think that it is a waste of their time.
不过今天管理处贴出的这个消息显然让所有天才们都感到了兴奋。
However, the news posted by the management office today obviously made all the geniuses feel excited.
“没想到这里竟然有大师的专业炼制录影和讲解的图书馆，而这座图书馆将对所有人开放，只要有贡献值就可以进去。”雷木很兴奋，虽说他身边有一位靳蜘蛛可以指点他。
"I didn't expect that there would be a library here for the master's professional refining videos and explanations, and this library will be open to everyone, as long as there is a contribution value, you can enter it." Lei Mu was very excited, although he had a Jin Spider by his side who could guide him.
但靳蜘蛛受限于他现在宛如做梦状态，精神力不能全部使用，以至于很多高深的炼金术不能实际展现给雷木看，只能口头指点。
However, Jin Spider was limited by his current dreaming state, and his spiritual power could not be used all, so that many advanced alchemy techniques could not be actually shown to Lei Mu, and could only be given verbal guidance.
而口头指点和书本知识，怎么能比得上亲眼看到一场配合了讲解的实际炼制录影？
And how can verbal instruction and book knowledge compare to seeing an actual refining video with the explanation?
雷木很需要这个，多看看别的大师的实际操作也不是坏事，就是靳蜘蛛也非常支持他去这个图书馆消耗贡献值。
Lei Mu needs this very much, and it's not a bad thing to see more of the actual operations of other masters, even Jin Spider is also very supportive of him going to this library to consume contribution points.
“听起来很不错，我每十天就有一天假期，到时我也去看看。”王叶学得杂，对这个图书馆更感兴趣。
"Sounds great, I have one day off every ten days, and I'll check it out then." Wang Ye learned a lot and was more interested in this library.
接下来一段日子，王叶都过得很平静，也没有人特意打听他，更没有人找到迪普这里来参观他。
In the following days, Wang Ye lived very peacefully, and no one specifically inquired about him, let alone found Dipu to visit him.
那位迪普的老朋友德里克见过他几次，但从来不会跟他多话，每次看到他，都会给他一些小礼物，显然是把他当做比较喜欢的孩子和后辈看了。
Derek, Deep's old friend, had seen him a few times, but never talked to him, and every time he saw him, he would give him small gifts, apparently as if he were a favorite child and junior.
王叶并不知道这位是工厂的质检员，也是第一个发现他特殊的人，他以为德里克就是迪普大师的朋友，也不好意思老是收人家的礼物，就做了一些零食当回礼。
Wang Ye didn't know that this was the quality inspector of the factory, and he was the first person to discover his specialness, he thought that Derek was a friend of Master Deep, and he was embarrassed to always accept gifts from others, so he made some snacks as a gift.
这让德里克特别高兴。 This made Derek particularly happy.
而迪普大师那边，也不再只是让他处理材料，而是让他完整地炼制了一个零部件。
And Master Dipu no longer just asked him to deal with the materials, but let him refine a part completely.
迪普大师甚至没有指点他该怎么炼制，只是提出了他的要求，并给了他一张有详细尺寸的图表。
Master Dip didn't even instruct him on how to refine it, but only made his request and gave him a chart with detailed dimensions.
“预留魔法阵和魔纹的空白，通过梳理材料的内部结构，来提高材料的魔力流畅度，这种处理方法很有意思。”靳蜘蛛在虫巢里冒声。
"It's interesting to reserve the blank space of the magic array and the magic pattern, and improve the magic smoothness of the material by combing the internal structure of the material." Jin spider bubbled in the hive.
本来王叶还和靳蜘蛛商量，看他要不要到雷木的空间里。
Originally, Wang Ye also discussed with Jin Spider to see if he wanted to go to Lei Mu's space.
靳蜘蛛也更想指点雷木，但雷木自己拒绝了。因为他现在做的都是最基础的工作，根本用不着炼金王的指点。
Jin Spider also wanted to point out Lei Mu, but Lei Mu himself refused. Because what he is doing now is the most basic work, and he doesn't need the guidance of the Alchemy King at all.
“这小矮子终于肯拿出一点像样的东西了。”靳蜘蛛看了王叶这段时间在迪普大师这里的表现，很不满意对方只把王叶当打工仔看，却不给王叶半点指点。
"The little man is finally willing to come up with something decent." Jin Spider watched Wang Ye's performance here at Master Dipu during this time, and was very dissatisfied that the other party only regarded Wang Ye as a working boy, but did not give Wang Ye any guidance.
幸好王叶完全拿这份助手工作当练手，而且他自己也是个善于分析的人，虽然才只拿到一个零部件，但王叶已经从这个零部件的设计图和要求中找出了与靳蜘蛛教导的炼金术略有差别的地方。
Fortunately, Wang Ye completely used this assistant job as a practice, and he himself was also a person who was good at analysis, although he only got one part, Wang Ye had already found out from the design drawings and requirements of this part that were slightly different from the alchemy taught by Jin Spider.
“这是一种偷懒的方法，但也确实降低了失败率。我推测，这些零部件会在组装起来以后，再绘制增加魔法阵和魔纹等，这是一种我们当初称之为后期附魔的手段。这种手段虽然让整个炼制过程简单化，但也有一个重大缺点，就是万一关键部位受损，那么其他部位也会相应失灵。”
"It's a lazy approach, but it does reduce the failure rate. I speculate that after these parts are assembled, they will be painted to add magic circles and magic patterns, which is what we originally called late-stage enchantment. Although this method simplifies the entire refining process, it also has a major drawback, that is, if the key parts are damaged, then the other parts will also fail accordingly. ”
靳蜘蛛侃侃而谈，“我们当时都喜欢在每一个零件上，是每一个！哪怕再微小，都会附上单独的魔法阵和魔纹。这样哪怕有部分零部件损毁，那个魔器也一样能使用。你看傀儡二号，它哪怕全身都被拆散，它仍旧能履行它的任务。最后哪怕‘心脏’出了问题，它的意识也依然躲藏了起来。”
Jin Spider talked eloquently, "We all liked every part at that time, it was every one!" No matter how small it is, it will have a separate magic circle and magic pattern attached. This way, even if some parts are damaged, the magic weapon can still be used. Look at Puppet Two, even if its whole body is dismantled, it will still be able to fulfill its mission. In the end, even if the 'heart' was wrong, its consciousness remained hidden. ”
“这种炼金术是当时的最高炼金术，傀儡二号和海王也是当时炼金术的最高结晶，现在的傀儡恐怕再也达不到这种程度。”
"This kind of alchemy was the highest alchemy at that time, and the puppet No. 2 and Aquaman were also the highest crystallization of alchemy at that time, and the current puppet may never reach this level again."
王叶还在看图纸，冷不丁问：“你觉得这像是哪种魔器的零部件？”
Wang Ye was still looking at the drawings, and asked coldly: "What kind of magic weapon parts do you think this looks like?" ”
靳蜘蛛从虫巢里爬出来，变成小蜘蛛直接蹲到王叶头顶上，“这个零件太小了，用在什么魔器上都不奇怪。”
Spider Jin crawled out of the hive, turned into a small spider and squatted directly on top of Wang Ye's head, "This part is too small, it's not strange to use it on any magic weapon." ”
“这个设计是什么意思？”王叶指着图纸上部件示意图一处小小的凹陷说。
"What does this design mean?" Wang Ye pointed to a small depression in the schematic diagram of the parts on the drawing.
靳蜘蛛只看了一眼就给出答案：“这应该是一个收缩位齿轮孔。唔，如果我没有看错，这个小零件很可能是一个控制部件的一部分。另外，根据你这段时间处理的材料来看，你这位老板很有可能在炼制一种大型魔器。”
Jin Spider only glanced at it and gave the answer: "This should be a shrinkage gear hole." Well, if I'm not mistaken, this little part is most likely part of a control part. In addition, judging from the materials you have dealt with during this time, it is very likely that your boss is refining a large magic weapon. ”
一人一蜘蛛正在根据这个零部件做各种推断，靳蜘蛛看材料充足，还让王叶用不同手法炼制同一种零件，然后来看哪个零件的坚固度、韧性、魔力通导性更好。
One person and one spider are making various inferences based on this part, Jin Spider saw that the material was sufficient, and asked Wang Ye to refine the same part with different methods, and then see which part has better solidity, toughness, and magic conductivity.
“如何梳理材料构成，这个我没学过。”王叶道。 "I haven't learned how to sort out the composition of materials." Wang Ye said.
靳蜘蛛：“看那小矮子的意思，似乎这种手法现在很常见，你问问雷木，他在学院有没有学过。”
王叶立即与雷木即时通信。
这是雷木自己炼制的通信魔器，只要相隔不远，又在同一片空间，就能联系得上，是雷木仿照地球的手机炼制出来的。
This is a communication magic weapon refined by Lei Mu himself, as long as they are not far away and in the same space, they can be contacted, and it is refined by Lei Mu in imitation of the earth's mobile phone.
只不过功能没有手机那么多，而且目前只能两人之间互相联系，还没办法一对多。
It's just that there are not as many functions as mobile phones, and at present, only two people can contact each other, and there is no way to one-to-many.
雷木接到王叶联系，很惊讶，还以为他出了什么事，立刻放下手头工作，走到无人处和王叶对话。
Lei Mu was very surprised when he received Wang Ye's contact, and thought that something had happened to him, so he immediately put down his work and walked to a place where no one was there to talk to Wang Ye.
等听完王叶的问题，雷木失笑：“这个学院有教过，确实是基础，没想到你会不知道。你看是我晚上回去教你，还是现在解说给你听，但这个最好能面对面讲解，只是口头解释恐怕说不明白。”
After listening to Wang Ye's question, Lei Mu smiled: "This academy has been taught, and it is indeed the foundation, I didn't expect you to know." You see if I'm going back to teach you in the evening, or I'm going to explain it to you now, but it's best to explain this face-to-face, I'm afraid I won't understand it if it's just a verbal explanation. ”
王叶：“那你先简单说说，如果我真弄不懂，就去问那个小老头。”
Wang Ye: "Then you can briefly talk about it first, if I really don't understand, I'll ask that little old man." ”
雷木就跟王叶解说起来。 Lei Mu explained to Wang Ye.
靳蜘蛛则在这个助手实验室里爬来爬去，他对王叶扬了扬长腿，从实验室里爬了出去。
Jin Spider crawled around in this assistant laboratory, and he raised his long legs to Wang Ye and crawled out of the laboratory.
靳蜘蛛对现在的炼金手法很好奇，也跟着雷木去炼金学院上过课，还去图书馆待了待。但裂隙战场这边的知识体系和学校那边的显然有点不一样。
Jin Spider was very curious about the current alchemy techniques, and also followed Lei Mu to the Alchemy Academy to take classes, and also went to the library to stay. But the knowledge system on the Rift Battlefield is obviously a little different from that on the school side.
就好像裂隙战场这边已经走在双月星的前面，有什么高精尖技术都会在这边先研究和实验一样。
It's as if this side of the Rift Battlefield is already ahead of the Twin Moon Stars, and any high-tech technology will be studied and experimented on here first.
不过这也可以理解，危险的研究当然不好放在自己的家中，放到这个裂隙战场才是最适合的。实验也可以对着瘤背怪，而不用担心伤到自己人。
However, this is also understandable, of course, dangerous research is not good to put in your own home, and it is the most suitable to put it in this rift battlefield. Experiments can also be conducted against tumorbacks without worrying about hurting their own people.
而人嘛，敝帚自珍是常态，研究出什么也喜欢藏着掖着，各位大师愿意拿出来共享并愿意教给别人的知识从来都不是他们掌握的最高深的。
And people, it is the norm to cherish oneself, and what is researched likes to be hidden, and the knowledge that the masters are willing to share and teach others is never the most profound knowledge they have mastered.
这就导致裂隙战场这边的最前沿知识和双月星有一定断层。
This leads to a certain gap in the cutting-edge knowledge and twin moon stars on this side of the rift battlefield.
有些大师更是对教人没兴趣，他们只喜欢自己埋头研究，顶多和几个同行做一些研讨（技术交流）。
Some masters are not interested in teaching, they only like to bury their heads in research, at most do some discussions (technical exchanges) with a few peers.
所以你想学到双月星目前最高深最前沿的知识，尤其是应用方面，来裂隙战场直接当这些大师的助手或者进入某些高精尖实验室才是最有效的。
Therefore, if you want to learn the most advanced and cutting-edge knowledge of the Twin Moon Stars, especially in terms of application, it is most effective to come to the Rift Battlefield directly as an assistant to these masters or enter some high-tech laboratories.
而当年知识之城闹出来的事让双月星的顶尖高层有了警觉，现在还会定期把裂隙战场这边的前沿研究传一部分回双月星——这当然需要双月星的人给出贡献值，他们还会出贡献值跟各位大师购买他们的实操录影和讲解，这些同样也会卖给双月星的各个组织和个人。
And the incident in the City of Knowledge back then alerted the top executives of the Double Moon Star, and now they will regularly send some of the cutting-edge research on this side of the Rift Battlefield back to the Double Moon Star - of course, this requires the people of the Double Moon Star to give contribution points, and they will also contribute the contribution points to buy their practical videos and explanations with the masters, and these will also be sold to various organizations and individuals of the Double Moon Star.
可裂隙战场这边也不可能把所有知识都公开，他们也得防止后院起火。
But it is impossible for the Rift Battlefield to disclose all the knowledge, and they also have to prevent the backyard from catching fire.
所以这些天才学生能在这边学到多少，则全看他们自己。
So how much these gifted students can learn here is up to them.
靳蜘蛛从助手实验室出去就隐形了，他这具蜘蛛身体同样达到圣级，根本不怕迪普大师在自己家里布置的种种防备和监测手段。
Jin Spider was invisible when he went out of the assistant's laboratory, and his spider body had also reached the holy level, and he was not afraid of all the precautions and monitoring methods that Master Dipu had arranged in his home.
王叶忽然感觉到有人在看他。 Wang Ye suddenly felt that someone was looking at him.
他当即回头，就见那位前药园园长尤萨尔，现在的莱维助手正看着他。
He immediately turned around and saw Yusar, the former director of the medicine garden, and now Levy's assistant looking at him.
莱维见王叶发现他，就说道：“迪普大师让我过来，看你有什么问题。”
When Levi saw that Wang Ye had found him, he said, "Master Dipu asked me to come over and see if you have any problems." ”
王叶眼珠一转，扬了扬手中图纸：“我能问这是什么吗？”
Wang Ye rolled his eyes and raised the drawing in his hand: "Can I ask what this is?" ”
莱维冷淡地道：“这是一个零件。” Levi said coldly, "It's a part. ”
“我当然知道这是零件，我想问的是，大师正在做什么？”
"Of course I know it's parts, what I want to ask is, what is the master doing?"
莱维声音更冷：“不该你问的事不要多问。” Levy's voice was even colder: "Don't ask more about things you shouldn't ask." ”
“那你过来，能回答我什么？”王叶怼了一句。 "Then come here, what can you answer me?" Wang Ye snorted.
莱维目光转到桌子上，眼中闪过惊讶之色：“你已经做出来了。”
Levi's eyes turned to the table, and a look of surprise flashed in his eyes: "You've made it." ”
王叶见莱维伸手来拿这些零件，手一扫，全都收了起来，他也冷淡地回：“就是试试，不是要上交的成功品。”
Wang Ye saw that Levi reached out to take these parts, swept his hand, and put them all away, and he also replied coldly: "It's just trying, it's not a successful product to be handed in." ”
莱维脸色看着就有点不愉快。他在知道雷叶竟然是陨星的学生后，就不太怎么想要看到这个小孩。
Levi's face was a little unpleasant to look at. After he knew that Lei Ye was actually a student of Meteorite, he didn't really want to see this child.
他甚至会想，陨星的运气怎么那么好，竟然收到这么一个学生。
He would even wonder how Meteor's luck was so good to receive such a student.
如果这个学生能好好成长下去，陨星将来不是会更为辉煌？
If this student can grow up well, won't the meteorite be even more brilliant in the future?
可他一点都不想看到陨星辉煌下去，他恨不得陨星彻底消失！
But he didn't want to see the meteor go down in glory at all, he wanted the meteorite to disappear completely!
迪普大师有要求他没事就指点一下小孩，但他不愿意，他连和这小孩同处一个空间都感到难受，更何况教导他、指点他？
Master Dipu asked him to instruct the child if he was fine, but he didn't want to, he didn't even feel comfortable being in the same space with the child, let alone teaching him and guiding him?
凭什么这个小鬼的运气就这么好？ Why is this little imp's luck so good?
不但有那么多厉害的师父，就连到了裂隙战场这样的地方，还有人护着他。
Not only are there so many powerful masters, but even in places like the Rift Battlefield, there are people who protect him.
可怜他的宝贝，可怜他的尤妮斯！ Pity his baby, pity his Eunice!
谁都不知道尤妮斯根本不是他的侄女，而是他的亲生女儿。
No one knew that Eunice was not his niece at all, but his own daughter.
只是这个秘密永远都无法说出口，他只能暗中照顾这个孩子，给予她最好的一切。
It's just that this secret can never be told, and he can only take care of this child secretly and give her the best of everything.
是他让家里把这个孩子送到了陨星，可看看这可怜的孩子在陨星都遭遇了什么？
It was he who asked the family to send this child to the meteorite, but look at what happened to this poor child in the meteorite?
他明明都求过情了，也跟学校解释过了，可学校还是对他的尤妮斯动手了！
He had obviously interceded and explained to the school, but the school still did something to his Eunice!
原本莱维并不打算把这份仇恨延伸到雷叶身上，毕竟这个小孩入学时，他女儿早没了，他如果要恨陨星的学生，这个战场有很多，他根本恨不过来。
Originally, Levi didn't plan to extend this hatred to Lei Ye, after all, when this kid entered school, his daughter was long gone, and if he wanted to hate the students of the Falling Star, there were many battlefields in this place, and he couldn't hate them at all.
可就在半个小时前，莱维从一个朋友那里听到了一个重要消息，据说这孩子的师父有三位，其中一人竟然是那个虫老魔！
But just half an hour ago, Levi heard an important news from a friend, it is said that this child has three masters, and one of them is actually the old worm demon!
虫老魔！莱维对虫老魔恨得咬牙切齿，恨不得把他碾成灰烬。
Worm Boss! Lévi gritted his teeth at the old worm and wanted to crush him to ashes.
就是这个老魔头害死了他的尤妮斯！更把他逼得不得不逃离学校。
It was this old devil who killed his Eunice! He was forced to run away from school.
你害死了我的女儿，现在就用你的弟子来偿还吧，而这还只是我报复的一部分。
You killed my daughter, pay it back now with your disciples, and that's only part of my revenge.
莱维忽然对王叶挤出了两分笑容，语气也变得热络了一些：“很抱歉我前面疏忽了你。实在是大师交给我的任务太重了。大师让我指点你，不过我觉得你这么天才，应该用不到我的指点，我也不好意思在你面前献丑。不过如果你对大师的研究好奇的话，我可以带你去参观一下，可我不能跟你解说太多，能不能看懂全看你自己。”
Levi suddenly squeezed out two smiles at Wang Ye, and his tone became a little warmer: "I'm sorry I neglected you earlier." It's really too heavy a task given to me by the master. The master asked me to point you out, but I don't think you're such a genius that you shouldn't need my guidance, and I'm embarrassed to show my face in front of you. But if you're curious about the master's research, I can take you on a tour, but I can't explain too much to you, it's up to you whether you can understand it or not. ”
这位是把他当孩子哄吗？好吧，他现在确实是小孩子，也怪不得他的敌人总是看轻他。奇怪，他为什么会把这位前园长划到仇人之列？王叶突然生出强烈心悸感，他当下就打开了因果卷。
Is this coaxing him like a child? Well, he is indeed a child now, and it is no wonder that his enemies always look down on him. Strange, why did he classify the former principal as an enemy? Wang Ye suddenly had a strong feeling of palpitations, and he opened the cause and effect scroll immediately.
嚯嚯！这位前园长是怎么回事？前面还把他当路人看，怎么现在就把他当仇家了。
Hohoo! What's going on with the former principal? I still regarded him as a passerby in front, why do I treat him as an enemy now.
瞧这恶意，都快从因果卷里溢出来了。 Look at this malice, it's all about to overflow from the volume of cause and effect.
那红黑红黑的因果线已经明确告诉他：莱维想对他动手，而且已经开始实行。
The red-black-red-black causal line had made it clear to him that Lévi wanted to do something to him, and that he had already begun to do it.
“可以参观吗？大师不会介意？”王叶天真地问。 "Is it possible to visit? The master won't mind? Wang Ye asked innocently.
“不会的，而且我只带你去看我正在炼制的部分，大师那里，没有大师同意，自然不能带你过去。”莱维做了一个请的手势，还侧过身。
"No, and I'll only take you to see the part I'm refining, the master, without the master's consent, naturally I can't take you over." Levi made a gesture of please, and turned sideways.
莱维还进一步引诱道：“不得不说，迪普大师真的是一位超级天才，他的想法，还有他的能力，都超出一般炼金大师，你能来他这里当助手，这是你的福气。”
Levi further seduced: "I have to say, Master Dipu is really a super genius, his ideas, and his abilities are beyond ordinary alchemy masters, you can come to him as an assistant, this is your blessing." ”
莱维示意王叶跟上。 Levi motioned for Wang Ye to follow.
王叶垂下眼眸，这份恶意他躲不过去，就算今天他不跟着莱维过去，之后莱维也会想出其他办法害他。
Wang Ye lowered his eyes, he couldn't hide from this malice, even if he didn't follow Levi today, Levi would come up with other ways to harm him later.
与其这样等待别人害他，还不如跟过去看看这家伙到底想干什么。
Instead of waiting for someone else to harm him, it is better to go over and see what this guy wants to do.
这可是迪普大师的地盘。 This is Master Deep's territory.
王叶手指动了动。 Wang Ye's fingers moved.
正在参观迪普大师书房的靳蜘蛛迅速转身。小叶子在求救，发生什么事了吗？
Jin Spider, who was visiting Master Dip's study, quickly turned around. Xiaoyezi is calling for help, has something happened?
同一时间，就在王叶他们曾经传送到的黑树林空地中再次出现了三道身影。
At the same time, three figures appeared again in the black forest clearing where Wang Ye and the others had teleported.
而空地边沿已经有人在等着他们。 And there were already people waiting for them at the edge of the clearing.
“闻笛，你可是让我大大震惊了。布鲁是不是做了什么事？”双月前任校长汲睿看到闻笛，第一句话就道破关键。
闻笛见到这位前任校长，半点没有惊讶，反而露出了见到长辈的淡淡欣喜：“汲校长。”
Wen Di was not surprised at all when he saw the former principal, but showed a faint joy at seeing the elders: "Principal Ji." ”
“我已经不是校长了。来，我们聊聊。”汲睿对虫老魔和兰道分别点头示意，把闻笛拉到一边单独说话。
"I'm not a principal anymore. Let's talk. Ji Rui nodded to the old demon and Lan Dao, respectively, and pulled Wen Di aside to speak alone.
而虫老和兰道也有人迎接，他们的地位和成就已经足够让战场高层来迎接他们。
And Worm Elder and Landau were also greeted, and their status and achievements were enough for the battlefield higher-ups to greet them.
“我徒弟小叶子的情况怎么样？”虫老懒得应酬，开口就问徒弟。
"How is my apprentice Xiao Yezi's condition?" The insect old man was too lazy to socialize, so he asked the apprentice as soon as he opened his mouth.
兰道露出歉意表情，可这位大美人吐出的话语同样是：“你们知道陨星的小叶子吗？他现在在哪里？”
Landau showed an apologetic expression, but the words spit out by the great beauty were the same: "Do you know the little leaves of the falling star?" Where is he now? ”
迎接者好奇：“你们怎么这么肯定我们知道你们的弟子的情况？”
The greeter was curious, "How can you be so sure that we know about your disciples?" ”
兰道微笑：“哦，我的弟子我知道，他来裂隙战场已经两个月了，以他的能力，不可能默默无闻。”
Landau smiled: "Oh, my disciple, I know, he has been coming to the rift battlefield for two months, and with his ability, it is impossible to be unknown. ”
迎接者：这是炫耀吧？这绝对是炫耀！ Greeter: This is showing off, right? It's definitely a show-off!
“……咳，你们可真了解他。” “…… Ahem, you know him. ”
“那是，自家的徒弟，当师父的怎么可能不了解呢？”兰道眼中闪过笑意。看样子，小叶子是真又干出什么出风头的事了。
"That is, my own apprentice, how can the master not understand?" A smile flashed in Landau's eyes. It seems that Xiao Yezi has really done something showy again.
虫老看到迎接者的神情，眼中闪过一丝冷厉，不客气地问：“看你们的神情，我徒弟是不是出事了？他现在在哪里？动手的是谁？”
Seeing the greeter's expression, a trace of coldness flashed in his eyes, and he asked unceremoniously: "Look at your expressions, is something wrong with my apprentice?" Where is he now? Who's doing it? ”
“出事？不不不，他当然没出事。”迎接者满头冷汗，虫老魔的大名简直让他如雷贯耳，虫子这东西真的是到处都有，包括裂隙战场。
"Something? No, no, no, of course he didn't have an accident. "The greeter was covered in cold sweat, and the name of the old demon of the worm simply made him thunderous, and the bug is really everywhere, including the rift battlefield.
而只要有虫子的地方，虫老魔就是让所有人都能做噩梦的对象。
And as long as there are bugs, the worm boss is the object of nightmares for everyone.
闻笛也走过来，问：“小叶子怎么了？他是又出名了吗？”
Wen Di also came over and asked, "What's wrong with Xiao Yezi?" Is he famous again? ”
迎接者：瞧瞧这口吻，这三个专业级怪物是有多得意收了这么一个弟子？
Greeter: Look at this tone, how proud are these three professional-level monsters to accept such a disciple?
“三位，情况是这样的，你们的徒弟雷叶非常优秀，他先是报名了炼金，进了炼金工厂……”
"Three, the situation is like this, your apprentice Lei Ye is very good, he first signed up for alchemy, and entered the alchemy factory......"
“等等！炼金？”三位大佬异口同声惊讶道。 "Wait! Alchemy? The three bigwigs said in unison.
第248章 空间裂缝 Chapter 248: Spatial Rift
王叶跟在莱维身后进入了他的助手工作间。 Wang Ye followed Levi into his assistant's workshop.
这个工作间明显比他那个要大得多，里面应该施展了空间折叠魔法。
This workshop was obviously much larger than his own, and it was supposed to have been used to perform space folding magic.
里面从材料到工作台到各种工具仪器，东西非常多，但莱维收拾得井井有条，看起来这个工作间就很有品味。
There's a lot of stuff in there, from materials to workbenches to tools and instruments, but Levi is so well organized that it looks like this workshop has a lot of taste.
一名傀儡端着一个盘子吧嗒吧嗒地走出来。 A puppet creaked out with a plate.
莱维从盘子上拿了一杯饮料，示意王叶也拿一杯：“这是十五的手艺，尝尝。它很好客。”
Levy took a drink from the plate and motioned for Wang Ye to take a cup as well: "This is the craft of fifteen, try it." It's very hospitable. ”
王叶也从盘子上拿起另一杯饮料，很稀罕地道：“这个傀儡看起来可真精致。”
Wang Ye also picked up another drink from the plate and said very rarely: "This puppet looks really exquisite. ”
实际上和他在知识之城见过的傀儡相比，很粗糙。 It's actually pretty rough compared to the puppets he'd seen in the City of Knowledge.
莱维喝了一口饮料，笑道：“这是加布尔大师的杰作，他半卖半送了两个给迪普大师，现在十四在大师那里，十五就在我这里帮忙。”
Levi took a sip of his drink and said with a smile: "This is the masterpiece of Master Gabriel, he half sold and half gave two to Master Deep, now Fourteen is at the Master's place, and Fifteen is here with me to help." ”
傀儡在莱维示意下又吧嗒吧嗒离开。当它把盘子放好后，就开始拿着一块抹布到处擦擦擦。
The puppet left again at Lévy's signal. When it put the plate away, it began to wipe around with a rag.
王叶明白了这个工作间如此整洁的原因，他之前还以为是魔法，没想到是傀儡在收拾。
Wang Ye understood the reason why this workshop was so neat, he thought it was magic before, but he didn't expect it to be a puppet cleaning up.
王叶对傀儡很眼馋，之前他就想从知识之城弄几个傀儡放到虫巢里干活，但匆匆忙忙的，加上和海王和二号的交情，让他也没好意思对那些傀儡下手。
Wang Ye was very greedy for puppets, and he wanted to get a few puppets from the City of Knowledge to work in the hive, but in a hurry, coupled with his friendship with Aquaman and No. 2, he was not embarrassed to attack those puppets.
好吧，主要是他怕那些傀儡被城主伯里设定了某些特殊功能，如果靳蜘蛛不能检查出来，这些傀儡放在虫巢就很危险。
Well, the main thing is that he is afraid that those puppets have some special functions set by the city lord Bury, and if Jin Spider can't check it out, it will be dangerous for these puppets to be placed in the hive.
加上靳蜘蛛已经进入虫巢，王叶想着以后跟着靳蜘蛛学习炼制傀儡，也就没强求——自己炼制的最放心嘛。
In addition, Jin Spider has already entered the hive, Wang Ye thought that he would follow Jin Spider to learn to refine puppets in the future, so he didn't force it - refining it himself is the most assured.
“饮料不合口味？”莱维笑问。 "The drink is not to taste?" Levi asked with a smile.
王叶特别纯真地举起杯子：“哦，我尝尝。” Wang Ye raised his glass especially innocently: "Oh, I'll taste it." ”
说完举杯，杯中液体还没有碰到嘴唇就全部进入了虫巢空间。
After saying that, the liquid in the cup entered the hive space before it touched his lips.
疯药王用一个杯子接住这些液体，兴冲冲地道：“我来看看这是什么。唔，首先不是迷药，你不用立刻昏倒。其实你喝了也没什么，你现在的身体差不多已经万毒不侵。”
The Mad Medicine King caught the liquid with a cup and said excitedly, "I'll take a look at what this is." Well, it's not a drug in the first place, you don't have to pass out right away. In fact, it's nothing if you drink it, your body is almost invincible now. ”
虽然如此，王叶还是不想冒险。这位可是药园前园长大人，他对培植和药理一定很精通。
Despite this, Wang Ye still didn't want to take risks. This is the former elder of the medicine garden, and he must be very proficient in cultivation and pharmacology.
莱维看王叶毫无防备地喝下饮料，心想到底是小孩子。 Levi watched Wang Ye drink his drink defenselessly, thinking that it was a child after all.
这一刻，他生出了一些不忍心，毕竟这可是一个小天才。
At this moment, he felt a little unbearable, after all, this is a little genius.
但就因为是天才，才更要早点毁灭他，免得将来成长为虫老魔那样的祸害。莱维的心又硬了起来。
But just because he is a genius, he must destroy him as soon as possible, so as not to grow into a scourge like the old demon in the future. Levy's heart hardened again.
“你是不是对迪普大师的研究很好奇？”莱维示意王叶跟上自己。
"Are you curious about Master Deep's research?" Levi motioned for Wang Ye to follow him.
“是。从那些材料来看，迪普大师似乎在做某个很庞大的魔器？”王叶问。
"Yes. Judging from those materials, it seems that Master Dipu is making some very large magic weapon? Wang Ye asked.
“没错。迪普大师在做一项非常伟大的发明，想以此来彻底消灭瘤背怪。”莱维又推开一个房间门，侧身道：“你想知道的，都在这里。”
"That's right. Master Dipu is working on a very great invention to completely destroy the Tumbleback. Levi pushed open another room door and said sideways, "Everything you want to know is here." ”
王叶停住脚步，“里面是什么？” Wang Ye stopped, "What's inside?" ”
“是部分设计图纸，这个房间除了大师和我，平时就连傀儡都不能进去，你现在是第三个人。”
"It's part of the design drawings, except for the master and me, even puppets can't enter this room, and you're the third person now."
“大师同意吗？”王叶迟疑。 "Does the master agree?" Wang Ye hesitated.
莱维点头：“你放心，我既然带你来，大师自然是同意的。而且这些设计图你也不能带走，凭你现在的实力也不一定能看懂，让你看看，只是让你宏观了解一下大师在做什么，这样以后你给大师炼制零件，也可以有的放矢。”
Levi nodded: "Don't worry, since I brought you here, the master will naturally agree." And you can't take these design drawings away, and you may not be able to understand them with your current strength, let you take a look, just let you have a macro understanding of what the master is doing, so that in the future, you can refine parts for the master, and you can also have a target. ”
王叶探头往里看了看，看到里面果然有很多设计图隐约浮在半空中。
Wang Ye looked inside and saw that there were indeed many design drawings floating in the air.
一只隐形小蜘蛛爬上王叶的手背。 An invisible spider climbed the back of Wang Ye's hand.
“我看还是算了吧，我只是一个小助手，如果知道太多，别人把我抓走拷问怎么办？”刚要迈脚进入的王叶又缩回脚。
"I think it's better to forget it, I'm just a little assistant, what if I know too much and others take me away and torture me?" Wang Ye, who was just about to step in, retracted his feet again.
莱维差点捏碎手中杯子：“……你这么胆小的吗？” Levi almost crushed the cup in his hand: "...... Are you so timid? ”
王叶特别老实地说：“啊，我可胆小了。我师父跟我说，胆小能活得长，英雄都死得早，让我宁做狗熊不做英雄。”
Wang Ye said very honestly: "Ah, I'm cowardly. My master told me that cowardice can live long, and heroes die early, so I would rather be a bear than a hero. ”
莱维深吸气，皮笑肉不笑地道：“你师父就这样教你？也不怕把你这个天才给教坏了。”
Levi took a deep breath and said with a smile: "Your master taught you like this?" I'm not afraid to teach you a genius badly. ”
王叶摇头：“我不是天才，是因为有师父的教导，才有现在的我。”
Wang Ye shook his head: "I'm not a genius, it's because of Master's teachings that I have the current me." ”
莱维听小孩称赞自己的师父，心里越发恶心：“这只是设计图，而且还是部分，也是大师让我带你来看的，你不看，怎么知道大师在做什么？”
Levi heard the child praise his master, and his heart became more and more disgusted: "This is just a design drawing, and it is also a part, and the master asked me to take you to see, if you don't look at it, how do you know what the master is doing?" ”
“可是你之前不还跟我说不该我问的事不要多问吗？” "But didn't you tell me before that I shouldn't ask more about things I shouldn't ask?"
“我那是在吓唬你。我不太会和小孩子相处，生怕你闹腾，也怕你问题太多，就想先堵住你的嘴。不过让你了解大师的研究，是大师的交代，所以我才会带你过来。你真的不想看看这些设计图，不想了解大师在做什么？”
"I'm trying to scare you. I don't know how to get along with children, for fear that you will make a fuss, and I am afraid that you will have too many problems, so I want to block your mouth first. However, it is the master's explanation that lets you know about the master's research, so I will bring you here. You really don't want to look at these blueprints and don't want to understand what the master is doing? ”
疯药王在虫巢里兴奋地喊：“分析出来了！这是可以让你产生迷幻效果的药物，增加恐怖感，两分钟左右就可以发作。正常来说，服用者会看到一些奇怪的东西，应该是平时最害怕的，你现在应该要发作了。”
The Mad Medicine King shouted excitedly in the hive: "It's analyzed!" This is a drug that can give you a psychedelic effect, increase the feeling of terror, and you can have a seizure in about two minutes. Normally, the user will see something strange, which should be the most feared thing in normal times, and you should be about to have a seizure now. ”
王叶正在想他应该怎么表现，他只是做样按住额头，眼神露出略微的惊恐神色，就感到身后忽然传来一股大力。
Wang Ye was thinking about how he should behave, he just pressed his forehead, his eyes showed a slightly frightened look, and he felt a strong force suddenly come from behind him.
他被硬推入了这个据说有部分设计图纸的房间。 He was pushed into the room, which was said to have some of the design drawings.
砰，房间门关上。 Bang, the door closes.
王叶脸上出现一堆问号。 A bunch of question marks appeared on Wang Ye's face.
算了，先看看这房间里有什么吧，既然前园长这么想他进来，这个房间应该有什么特殊的地方吧。
Forget it, let's see what's in this room first, since the former director wants him to come in so much, there should be something special about this room.
靳蜘蛛爬到他头上，打量周围道：“没什么特殊的。就是一些设计图和材料的幻影。这种房间一般都是用来存灵感用，比如我临时想到什么，就会在这样的房间里把想到的设计图给画出来，然后再和已经做好的设计图进行对比和拼接，这样可以避免实际绘制图纸。我的魔法塔中也有这样的房间，门口标着冥想标志的房间就是。”
Jin Spider climbed on top of him, looked around and said, "Nothing special. It's just some phantom of the design and materials. This kind of room is generally used for saving inspiration, for example, if I think of something temporarily, I will draw the design drawing that comes to mind in such a room, and then compare and stitch it with the design drawing that has been made, so as to avoid actually drawing drawings. I also have such rooms in my magic tower, and the room with a meditation sign on the door is the one. ”
“这里有监视吗？”王叶四处环看。 "Is there surveillance here?" Wang Ye looked around.
靳蜘蛛也感受了一番：“应该没有。” Jin Spider also felt it: "There shouldn't be." ”
王叶见没有监视就放心了，他认真看向悬空浮着的设计图，“你觉得这些设计图是真的吗？”
Wang Ye was relieved to see that there was no surveillance, and he looked at the design drawings floating in the air seriously, "Do you think these design drawings are real?" ”
靳蜘蛛看了一会儿，用他的专业能力判断道：“九成是真的。那人没必要为你作假做到这种程度。”
Jin Spider looked at it for a while, and judged with his professional ability: "Ninety percent is true." There's no need for that person to cheat for you to that extent. ”
王叶闻言就把看到的设计图和材料全都记下，怕大脑记忆有所疏漏，他还边看边做成类似的记忆图，把其转入虫巢中那间冥想室。
When Wang Ye heard this, he wrote down all the design drawings and materials he saw, for fear that his brain memory would be missed, so he also made a similar memory map while looking at it, and transferred it to the meditation room in the insect hive.
靳蜘蛛到底是炼金王，正确来说，他和疯药王一样，早就超过王的标准，迈入了圣阶。
Jin Spider is the Alchemy King in the end, to be precise, he is the same as the Mad Medicine King, he has long surpassed the king's standard and entered the holy level.
而迪普大师显然距离圣阶还差一些，别说有这么多详细的设计图，就是只有一两张，靳蜘蛛都能推测出很多。
And Master Dipu is obviously a little short of the Holy Order, not to mention that there are so many detailed design drawings, even if there are only one or two, Jin Spider can guess a lot.
他大致看了这些设计图后，就判断道：“这应该是一种能量湮灭类魔器。以前知识之城也有过这样的课题。唔，能看出来，这些设计不少参考了知识之城当年的研究，不过很多地方做了修改，不知道是特意做的修改，还是没有拿到全部的研究内容。”
After looking at the blueprints roughly, he judged, "This should be an energy annihilation artifact." In the past, there had been such a problem in the City of Knowledge. Well, it can be seen that many of these designs refer to the research of the City of Knowledge back then, but many places have been modified, I don't know if they were specially made, or they have not obtained all the research content. ”
“能量湮灭？是我理解的意思？”王叶觉得这个词听着就有点可怕。
"Energy annihilation? Is that what I mean? Wang Ye felt that this word sounded a little scary.
靳蜘蛛边看边道：“不止简单的能量湮灭。这个迪普大师能力不错，他做了很多修改，他似乎对能量做了分类。啊，我明白他的意思了！”
Jin Spider looked at it and said, "It's not just a simple energy annihilation. This Deepe Master has good abilities, he has made a lot of modifications, and he seems to have classified the energy. Ah, I see what he means! ”
靳蜘蛛颇为欣赏地赞叹道：“这个迪普大师大概是想要指定对象种类进行能量湮灭。”
Jin Spider admired rather appreciatively, "This Dip Master probably wants to specify the type of object for energy annihilation. ”
“你的意思是说，如果这个魔器能研究成功，想让瘤背怪灭绝，就能让瘤背怪灭绝，想让人类灭绝，也能让人类灭绝？”王叶惊讶。
"You mean that if this magic weapon can be successfully researched, if you want to make the tumbleback extinct, you can make the tumbleback extinct, and if you want to make the human race extinct, you can also make the human race extinct?" Wang Ye was surprised.
“理论上是如此。不过想要实现这个目标，你最起码得做到两点。一个是精准定类，确保发射出去的能量不会伤害其他物种。只这一点就千难万难。另外一个难点就是如何让目标的能量湮灭。是吸收其能量？还是从内部开始摧毁？如果是我，我会选择吸收要消灭种类的能量，用吸收来的能量支持湮灭继续发挥作用……”
"Theoretically, yes. But to achieve this, you have to do at least two things. One is precise classification to ensure that the energy emitted does not harm other species. That alone is difficult. Another difficulty is how to annihilate the energy of the target. Is it absorbing its energy? Or do you start destroying from within? If it were me, I would choose to absorb the energy of the species to be destroyed, and use the absorbed energy to support annihilation to continue to work......"
靳蜘蛛进入了研究者模式，一个人自言自语说了很多。 Jin Spider entered the researcher mode, and a person talked a lot to himself.
王叶把设计图全部记下后，并没有立刻对这些设计图展开分析和研究，他还在寻找前园长把他推入这个房间的原因。
After Wang Ye wrote down all the design drawings, he did not immediately analyze and study these design drawings, and he was still looking for the reason why the former director pushed him into this room.
那位前园长总不会无聊到给他下药，把他带入这个房间，就为了跟迪普大师告状，说他偷窥秘密，好把他赶走吧？
The former headmaster wouldn't be bored enough to drug him and bring him into this room just to sue Master Deepp about his secrets so that he could get rid of him, right?
只因果卷上那人对他透出的强烈恶意，那是想要毁了他的恶意，而不只是给他栽赃一个偷盗机密者的罪名。
It's just that the strong malice revealed by the person to him in the causal scroll is a malicious intent that wants to destroy him, not just to frame him for the crime of stealing secrets.
王叶忽然停住脚步，靳蜘蛛也瞬间清醒过来。 Wang Ye suddenly stopped, and Jin Spider also came to his senses instantly.
“这里有空间通道，不对，是空间裂缝！刚刚出现。我明白了，那家伙知道这个房间会在某个时间段出现空间裂缝。”靳蜘蛛立刻喊道：“赶紧离开这个房间！你会被空间裂缝透出来的能量撕碎，更可能被吸进去！”
"There's a spatial passage here, no, it's a spatial rift! Just appeared. I see, the guy knows that this room will have a spatial crack at some point. Jin Spider immediately shouted, "Hurry up and get out of this room!" You will be torn apart by the energy that comes out of the spatial rift, and you are more likely to be sucked in! ”
王叶拔腿就跑。 Wang Ye ran away.
可就在这时，他的身体忽然生出一股强烈渴望：想进去，想要进去那个空间裂缝，那里有他需要的东西。
But at this moment, his body suddenly had a strong desire: he wanted to go in, he wanted to go into that spatial rift, where there was something he needed.
王叶几乎立刻明白，这不是他的渴望，是虫巢。 Wang Ye almost immediately understood that this was not his desire, it was a hive.
但虫巢现在和他融合，虫巢的渴望就也是他的渴望。 But the hive is now fused with him, and the hive's desire is also his longing.
王叶在冒险求好处和跑路保平安中犹豫了一秒。 Wang Ye hesitated for a second in taking the risk to seek benefits and running away to keep him safe.
就是这一秒，让他失去了跑出房间的最后机会。 It was this second that made him lose his last chance to run out of the room.
一股强大的吸力从他身后传来，实力才达到玩家六十四级的王叶压根无法抵抗这股巨力。强行抵抗的结果只会让他的身体撕裂，王叶当机立断，运转【因果循环】，把所有能量用来保护自身，随后放松身体，任由那股强大吸力把他吸了进去。
A powerful suction force came from behind him, and Wang Ye, whose strength had only reached the player's level sixty-four, was unable to resist this huge force at all. The result of forcible resistance would only cause his body to tear apart, and Wang Ye immediately made a decision, running the [Cause and Effect Cycle], using all his energy to protect himself, and then relaxing his body, allowing the powerful suction force to suck him in.
房间外，莱维露出微笑。 Outside the room, Levi smiled.
这条空间裂缝就是他弄出来的，原本是打算用在到手后最后脱离的时候。
This spatial rift was created by him, and it was originally intended to be used when he finally broke away after getting his hands on it.
他当然不是通过空间裂缝离开，而是打算在走的时候爆破这条空间裂缝，让这条空间裂缝变大，让这座房子都被吸入空间裂缝。
Of course, he didn't leave through the spatial crack, but planned to blast this spatial crack when he left, so that this spatial crack would become bigger, and the house would be sucked into the spatial crack.
一旦房子消失，而这条空间裂缝出现在人们眼中，所有人的注意力都会被这条空间裂缝吸引。
Once the house disappears and this spatial crack appears in people's eyes, everyone's attention will be attracted by this spatial crack.
这样他悄悄消失，包括迪普大师的“失踪”，都不会引起别人怀疑，所有人都会认为他们被吸进了空间裂缝中，包括迪普大师的研究。
In this way, his quiet disappearance, including the "disappearance" of Master Deepp, will not arouse the suspicion of others, and everyone will think that they have been sucked into the spatial rift, including Master Deepp's research.
而空间裂缝的出现？那当然也是迪普大师研究弄出来的副产物，这种事在研究者中可不是第一次。何况迪普大师研究的是那么危险的东西。
And the appearance of spatial cracks? Of course, that was a by-product of Master Dip's research, and this was not the first time that such a thing had happened among researchers. What's more, Master Dipper studied such dangerous things.
为了确保那个小天才死在那个空间裂缝里，他还特地为他准备了魔法药剂“内心的恐惧”，这样一来，就算那小子被吸入空间裂缝还能好运地活下来，也必然会在恐惧心和幻觉下，死在陌生环境中。
In order to ensure that the little genius died in that spatial crack, he also specially prepared a magic potion "Inner Fear" for him, so that even if the kid was sucked into the spatial crack and could still survive with good luck, he would inevitably die in a strange environment under fear and hallucinations.
这也算是对那小天才的小小折磨。 This can be regarded as a small torture for that little genius.
想想看他的宝贝当年是多么惶恐不安，每天每天都在等待厄运降临，这样的滋味就该让别人也尝一尝。
Think of how frightened his baby was, waiting for bad luck to happen every day, and let others taste it.
正在工厂做事的雷木忽然按住心脏。 Reimu, who was working in the factory, suddenly pressed his heart.
蔡一泽就在他附近，看见他的模样，立刻问道：“你怎么了？不舒服吗？”
Cai Yize was near him, and when he saw his appearance, he immediately asked, "What's wrong with you?" Uncomfortable? ”
雷木心跳很快，就在这一刹那，他发现他感受不到小叶子了。
Lei Mu's heart beat fast, and at this moment, he found that he couldn't feel Xiao Yezi anymore.
“小叶子出事了。”雷木喃喃道，眼睛一点点变红。 "Something happened to Xiao Yezi." Raimu muttered, his eyes turning red slightly.
“雷木，你说什么？小叶子怎么了？”蔡一泽没听清楚。
"Reimu, what did you say? What happened to Little Leaf? Cai Yize didn't hear clearly.
“他出事了！”雷木身影一闪，从原地消失。他要去找王叶！
"Something happened to him!" Lei Mu's figure flashed and disappeared from the spot. He's going to find Wang Ye!
蔡一泽愣住。 Cai Yize was stunned.
组长跑过来：“怎么回事？雷木呢？” The team leader ran over: "What's going on?" What about Thunderwood? ”
蔡一泽也待不住了，飞快解释：“雷木说他弟小叶子出事了，他应该是赶去救他弟了。组长，你知道小叶子在哪里吗？”
工厂这边迅速把事情往上报。
黑色列车上，三位师父还在猜测王叶跟谁学的炼金术，他们唯一想到的就是雷木。
雷木炼金术很好，王叶为了不想跟自家大哥分开，会报炼金也不奇怪。
但大佬们是那么好糊弄的吗？ But are the bigwigs so easy to fool?
“总觉得这小子还瞒了我们很多事情。”虫老冷哼道。 "I always feel that this kid is hiding a lot of things from us." The insect elder snorted coldly.
闻笛不说话，他算是三个师父中知道王叶底细最多的人，这让他有点小小的愉快？
Wen Di didn't speak, he was the one who knew the most of the three masters, which made him a little happy?
兰道淡淡道：“没事，等会儿见了他，我们和他好好聊聊，他那个随身空间，我还没进去过。上次通过雷木的空间，直接就从那小子身上出去了，也没能看清详细。”
Landau said lightly: "It's okay, I'll see him later, let's have a good chat with him, I haven't been in his personal space yet." The last time I passed through Lei Mu's space, I went out directly from that kid, and I couldn't see the details clearly. ”
闻笛也笑：“我对他那个随身空间也好奇得很。” Wen Di also smiled: "I'm also very curious about his carry-on space." ”
尤其雷木和王叶的随身空间不但能存活物，还能互通，这事要传出去，这两人必然会成为无数人想要抓捕的目标。目的？当然是为了把他们身上的空间剥离出来。
In particular, Lei Mu and Wang Ye's personal space can not only survive things, but also communicate with each other, and if this matter is to be spread, these two people will inevitably become the target of countless people who want to arrest them. Objective? To strip them of space, of course.
虫老知道王叶的空间原本是个虫巢，但王叶没说，他自然不会随便暴露自家徒弟的底细，哪怕另外两人也是他的师父。
The insect elder knew that Wang Ye's space was originally a hive, but Wang Ye didn't say it, so he naturally wouldn't casually expose the details of his apprentices, even if the other two were also his masters.
就让那小兔崽子自己交代吧，上次还听他说，他要在虫巢空间里给他也准备一套房子为他养老，不知道准备好了没有？
Let the little rabbit cub explain it himself, I heard him say last time that he wants to prepare a house for him in the hive space for him to retire for, I don't know if it's ready?
闻笛忽然皱眉。 Wen Di suddenly frowned.
兰道和虫老也在同一时刻有所感应。 Landau and Worm Lao also sensed it at the same time.
这就是到他们这种阶层的超凡者的直觉，不是预知，只是一种和能量的呼应。
This is the intuition of transcendents of their class, not a foreknowledge, but an echo of energy.
“我怎么觉得那小兔崽子出事了？”闻笛低语。 "Why do I think something happened to that little bunny?" Whispering.
“你们也这么感觉？”虫老脸色瞬间变得阴森无比，“肯定是有人对小叶子出手了！”
"You feel that way, too?" The old worm's face instantly became extremely gloomy, "Someone must have made a move on Xiao Yezi!" ”
兰道目光忽然转向窗外：“好强烈的魔气。不对，这是雷木的气息！”
Landau's gaze suddenly turned to the window: "It's such a strong demonic aura." No, it's the breath of Thunderwood! ”
三人身影同时从列车中消失，去追赶雷木了。 The three figures disappeared from the train at the same time and went to chase after Remu.
第249章 小板凳 Chapter 249: Small Bench
王叶被空间裂缝吸入，之后感觉自己就像是被扔进了滚筒洗衣机里。
Wang Ye was sucked in by the spatial crack, and then he felt like he was thrown into a drum washing machine.
一路翻滚着，砰！ Tumbling all the way, bam!
他被砸到了一个漩涡上。 He was smashed into a whirlpool.
但这个漩涡却禁止他进入。 But the maelstrom forbade him to enter.
周围全是光怪陆离的光线，所有的一切都是扭曲的。 There was a strange light all around, and everything was distorted.
除了这个漩涡，王叶还看到了几个漩涡，但都没有这个漩涡清楚。
In addition to this whirlpool, Wang Ye also saw several whirlpools, but none of them were clear about this whirlpool.
疯药王和靳蜘蛛在虫巢中异口同声喊道：“秘境之门！”
The Mad Medicine King and Jin Spider shouted in unison in the hive, "The Gate of the Secret Realm! ”
王叶吼：“告诉我怎么进去，麻烦快点！我坚持不住了！这里的能量太强。”
Wang Ye roared: "Tell me how to get in, hurry up!" I can't hold on anymore! The energy here is too strong. ”
“要么你先进虫巢？” "Or you're going to make the hive?"
“进虫巢还不是一样？喂，我说你们可是圣级大佬啊，好歹想想办法，别忘了我们可都绑在一起，我死了你们也玩完！”
"Isn't it the same to be in the hive? Hey, I said you're a saint-level boss, so think of a way, don't forget that we're all tied together, and you'll be done when I'm dead! ”
“急什么臭小子，这不是正在想吗。”疯药王头大。很想叨咕王叶刚才就应该快点跑，不应该停滞那一秒。
"What's the hurry, stinky boy, isn't that what you're thinking?" The mad drug king has a big head. I really want to say that Wang Ye should have run quickly just now, and he shouldn't have stopped for a second.
小云和小光和金宝一起担心地跑过来，站在城墙上看着外面。
Xiaoyun ran over worriedly along with Xiaoguang and Jinbao, standing on the city wall and looking outside.
靳蜘蛛飞快道：“想要进入秘境，基本都需要秘境钥匙。如果没有，你就会被空间通道的强大力量绞得粉碎。”
Jin Spider said quickly: "If you want to enter the secret realm, you basically need the secret realm key. If not, you'll be crushed by the power of the spatial channel. ”
王叶翻白眼：“这时候我到哪里去弄秘境钥匙？” Wang Ye rolled his eyes: "Where can I get the secret realm key at this time?" ”
疯药王忍不住，还是嘀咕道：“你刚才为什么会停下来？老靳都跟你说了是空间裂缝，你就不能跑快点？”
The Mad Medicine King couldn't help it, but still muttered, "Why did you stop just now?" Lao Jin told you that it was a spatial crack, so you can't run faster? ”
王叶实话实说：“我感到这里有什么吸引我。” Wang Ye said honestly: "I feel that there is something here that attracts me. ”
“吸引你？” "Attracted to you?"
“对！”王叶急：“我真的快扛不住了！” "Yes!" Wang Ye anxious: "I really can't bear it!" ”
靳蜘蛛：“我现在出去，换你进来。” Jin Spider: "I'll go out now, and I'll let you in." ”
“等等！”疯药王像是想到了什么，大喊：“你有没有秘境钥匙？你不会无缘无故感到被吸引。你快想想，你以前有没有拿到什么秘境钥匙？”
"Wait!" The Mad Medicine King seemed to think of something, and shouted, "Do you have a secret realm key?" You don't feel attracted for no reason. Think about it, have you ever gotten any secret keys before? ”
王叶刚想说没有，但刚张口，他脑中就闪过一道灵光：“卧槽！有有有！我有秘境钥匙。”
Wang Ye just wanted to say no, but as soon as he opened his mouth, a flash of light flashed in his mind: "! Yes, yes, yes! I have the secret key. ”
那钥匙还是一年前他刚进游戏的时候，在海草岛拍卖会上拍下的。
The key was auctioned at the Seagrass Island auction a year ago when he first entered the game.
当时那东西拍卖师只是当古董家具进行拍卖，他只花了两千多金币就拍了下来。
At that time, the auctioneer of that thing was only auctioned as antique furniture, and he only spent more than 2,000 gold coins to auction it.
对，就是那张黄玉心树制作的巴掌大小板凳。 That's right, it's the palm-sized bench made of the topaz heart tree.
而这东西的实际价值，至少值三万魔晶。 And the actual value of this thing is at least 30,000 magic crystals.
为什么这东西会在后来这么值钱？ Why did this thing become so valuable in the future?
因为有个秘境被人发现了，还不知道从哪里冒出一个传言说那秘境的钥匙很可能与黄玉心树有关。
Because a secret realm has been discovered, I don't know where a rumor has emerged that the key to the secret realm is likely to be related to the Topaz Heart Tree.
当时古董市场上凡是用黄玉心树当材料制作的物品都被炒出了天价，而那张小板凳因为不含任何能量这一个特殊性，更是让人怀疑它很可能就是秘境钥匙。
At that time, all the items made of topaz heart tree as a material in the antique market were sold at sky-high prices, and the peculiarity of that small bench because it did not contain any energy made people suspect that it was likely to be the key to the secret realm.
事实上，它确实是。 In fact, it really is.
王叶脑中想得飞快，手更快。 Wang Ye thought fast in his mind, and his hands were faster.
他刚从虫巢仓库中把那张小板凳摸出来，那个漩涡中间的漩涡眼就张开了，把他吸了进去。
As soon as he pulled the small bench out of the hive warehouse, the eye in the middle of the whirlpool opened and sucked him in.
看来是我误会了，不是虫巢想要进来这里，而是这个小板凳和秘境之间的吸引力让他产生了错觉！
It seems that I misunderstood, it wasn't the hive that wanted to get in here, but the attraction between this small bench and the secret realm that gave him the illusion!
王叶没注意到，就在他被漩涡吸入的瞬间，他的左手背也发出了亮光，两个原本隐形的精灵标记就像活了过来一样不断转动还发出光芒。
Wang Ye didn't notice that at the moment when he was inhaled by the whirlpool, the back of his left hand also emitted a bright light, and the two originally invisible elf marks continued to rotate and glow as if they had come to life.
秘境中，一座类似神殿的建筑物中，一名头发墨绿，长发间编织着叶片和花朵，头顶还冒出一颗小芽的女子睁开了眼睛。
In the secret realm, in a temple-like building, a woman with dark green hair, long hair woven with leaves and flowers, and a small bud emerging from the top of her head opened her eyes.
这名女子的身体似乎和一株大树融合了，只有上半身还保持着人形。
The woman's body seemed to merge with a large tree, with only the upper body remaining in human form.
大树就长在神殿的最中央，整个神殿没有屋顶，更像是一个被围起来的精致花园，大树周边长了很多植物，大多都开着五颜六色的花朵。
The large tree grows in the very center of the temple, and the whole temple has no roof, more like a delicate garden that is fenced, and there are many plants growing around the big tree, most of which are blooming with colorful flowers.
女子的五官乍一看似乎很平凡，但任何人看到她都会移不开眼睛，并会觉得越看越美，只觉得她的五官也好、身材也好，任何一个部位都是那么完美，完美到任何挑剔的人也无法挑剔的地步。
The woman's facial features seem to be very ordinary at first glance, but anyone who sees her will not be able to take their eyes off her, and will feel that the more they look at her, the more beautiful they become, only that her facial features and figure are so perfect that any part is so perfect, perfect to the point that no picky person can find fault with it.
“有客人来了。没想到他们会找到这里。”女子闭上眼睛，叹息声从神殿飘向外面的树林。
"There are guests coming. I didn't expect them to find here. The woman closed her eyes, and a sigh drifted from the temple to the woods outside.
几名身形矫健的战士飞速出现在女子身边。 Several muscular warriors quickly appeared beside the woman.
领头的战士神色凝重地道：“大祭司，您说谁来了？” The leading warrior said with a solemn expression: "High Priest, who did you say is coming?" ”
“土系和水系。”女子闭着眼睛道：“他们既然能找到这里，就表示命运还是不想放过我们。也许当初我们就不该袖手旁观。”
"Earth and water." The woman closed her eyes and said, "Since they can find this place, it means that fate still doesn't want to let us go." Maybe we shouldn't have stood idly by in the first place. ”
“大祭司，请不要这样说。这绝不是您的过错，这是我们全木族的决定。而且他们知道什么，他们怎么知道您和长老们付出了多大的代价！”
"High Priest, please don't say that. This is never your fault, it is the decision of our all-wood clan. And what do they know, how do they know what a price you and the elders have paid! ”
女子微微抬手，眼睛仍旧闭着：“他们的降落地点应该在金水村一带，你们去找那两个精灵，把他们带来见我。”
The woman raised her hand slightly, her eyes still closed: "Their landing place should be in the area of Jinshui Village, you go to find those two elves and bring them to me." ”
“大祭司，如果他们不怀好意……” "High Priest, if they don't have good intentions......"
“不会，他们顶多是奉命寻找我们的踪迹，想要劝我们回去而已。”
"No, at most, they were ordered to find our traces, trying to persuade us to go back."
“那我们就把那两个留下，让他们无法再离开。”为首的精灵战士也是现任木系精灵的族长冷冷道。
"Then we'll leave those two behind so they can't leave." The elven warrior who is the leader is also the patriarch of the current wood elf and said coldly.
女子摇头：“你先把他们带来。我已经窥探不到命运之河，但冥冥中有什么在告诉我，我必须见到他们。”
The woman shook her head, "You bring them first." I can't spy on the river of fate, but what's telling me in the dark is that I must meet them. ”
“是。”族长听到大祭司如此叮嘱，自然不敢再阻拦，立刻安排人手去接人。
"Yes." When the patriarch heard the high priest tell him, he naturally didn't dare to stop him anymore, and immediately arranged for people to pick him up.
如果不是他现在手头有非常重要的事要处理，族长恨不得亲自过去看看闯入他们秘境的水、土两精灵长什么样、来这里又是什么目的。
If it weren't for the fact that he had very important matters to deal with at hand now, the patriarch would have been eager to go over and see in person what the two elves of water and earth who had broken into their secret realm looked like, and what the purpose of coming here was.
“啊啊啊！”王叶一路惨叫，不是他想叫，这是生理本能！谁从高空急速坠落，还是打着滚地往下摔，能不叫？
"Ahhh Wang Ye screamed all the way, not that he wanted to scream, this was physiological instinct! Who falls rapidly from a height, or rolls down to the ground, can not scream?
哗啦啦，噼里啪啦！ Bang, crackle!
王叶从空中落到了树林中，一路撞断十几根树枝。 Wang Ye fell from the air into the woods, breaking more than a dozen branches along the way.
最后才砰的一声落到地上。 Finally, it fell to the ground with a thud.
王叶摊在地上无力吐气，别看只这么一会儿，他的能量都快消耗光了。
Wang Ye was stretched on the ground and couldn't exhale, don't look at it for just a while, his energy was almost exhausted.
枝叶拨动声响起。 The sound of foliage plucking sounded.
王叶立即把小板凳收起来。他手背上的精灵标记也在不知不觉间再次隐形。王叶都不知道之前这两个标记发过光。
Wang Ye immediately put away the small bench. The elven mark on the back of his hand was also invisible again. Wang Ye didn't know that these two marks had shone before.
一个头上顶着小芽的小少年探出脑袋，盯着王叶看了好一会儿，似乎确定了什么，这才从林中蹦出来，插腰得意道：“瞧我发现了什么，一只小耗子！”
A little boy with a small bud on his head poked his head out and stared at Wang Ye for a long time, as if he was sure of something, then he jumped out of the forest and said proudly: "Look what I found, a little mouse!" ”
王叶很想对对方竖中指。你才是耗子，你全家都是耗子！
Wang Ye wanted to give the other party the middle finger. You're a mouse, your whole family is a mouse!
小少年乐颠颠地用藤蔓把王小叶绑起来，拖着走。 The little boy happily tied Wang Xiaoye up with vines and dragged him away.
王叶：“……”等我恢复！ Wang Ye: "......" wait for me to recover!
小少年就这么一路把王叶拖出了树林。 The little boy dragged Wang Ye out of the woods all the way.
王叶身上循环着因果之力，倒也不怕被拖伤。他还有闲心观察周围环境，这里环境很宜居，无论空气质量，还是风景都绝佳，魔力尤其充足，绝对是个生活和修炼的好地方。
Wang Ye has the power of cause and effect circulating in his body, and he is not afraid of being dragged down. He also has the leisure to observe the surrounding environment, the environment here is very livable, both the air quality and the scenery are excellent, and the magic power is especially abundant, it is definitely a good place to live and cultivate.
树林距离小少年居住的村庄不远。 The woods are not far from the village where the little boy lives.
王叶看到了田野，也看到了正在田间忙碌和巡逻的成年人。
Wang Ye saw the fields, and also saw the adults who were busy and patrolling the fields.
一群小崽子看到小少年拖着的王叶，全都好奇地奔过来看，几个崽子还追着小少年问：“哇，阿凌，你抓到了什么？他和我们长得好像。”
A group of little cubs saw Wang Ye dragged by the little boy, and they all ran over curiously to see, and several cubs still chased after the little boy and asked, "Wow, Ah Ling, what did you catch?" He looks like us. ”
“我知道！这是人类。” "I know! It's human. ”
“不对，这是耗子。专门偷我们粮食和瓜果的小耗子！”小少年阿凌洋洋得意：“你们说我抓不住，看到没有，我这不就抓住了。”
"No, it's a mouse. A little rat who specializes in stealing our food and fruits! The little boy Ah Ling was proud: "You said I couldn't catch it, but if you see it, I won't catch it." ”
“偷粮食的真的是他吗？他看起来也不大呀。他能吃多少？”一群孩子跟在阿凌身后，用树枝戳着王叶的脚。
"Is he really the one who stole the grain? He doesn't look big. How much can he eat? A group of children followed behind Ah Ling and poked Wang Ye's feet with a branch.
“所以才是小耗子，他后面肯定还有一大串大耗子。抓了小的，就能抓到大的。”阿凌非常笃定地说。
"That's why it's a little mouse, and there must be a big string of big rats behind him. If you catch the small ones, you can catch the big ones. Ah Ling said very firmly.
王叶瞅着这些男孩女孩头顶顶着的小芽芽，不说话。 Wang Ye looked at the little buds on the top of the heads of these boys and girls, and did not speak.
这些孩童的身份已经呼之欲出。 The identities of these children are already being revealed.
嗯，金宝已经在虫巢里叫出来了：“爸叽！呜呜叽~！”
Well, Jinbao has already called out in the hive: "Dad! Woo woo~! ”
知道知道，看到同类有必要这么激动吗？ Do you know that it is necessary to be so excited to see your own kind?
好吧，如果这些同类都是消失的木系精灵，那确实很值得激动。
Well, if these fellow citizens are vanished wood elves, that's really exciting.
就是疯药王和靳蜘蛛都诧异到失声。 Even the Crazy Medicine King and Jin Spider were so surprised that they lost their voices.
过了好一会儿，疯药王才不可置信地道：“你这是什么破天的运气？别人要害你，竟然把你‘害’到了一群木系精灵中？”
After a long while, the Mad Medicine King said in disbelief: "What kind of sky-breaking luck are you?" Someone else wants to harm you, and they actually 'harm' you into a group of wood elves? ”
靳蜘蛛也道：“这里很可能就是木系精灵避世的地方。众神在上，如果这里传出去……”
Jin Spider also said: "This is probably the place where the wood elves escape from the world. The gods are above, if it gets out here......"
“完了，王小叶，你一定会被人分尸！”疯药王笃定地道。
"It's over, Wang Xiaoye, you will definitely be divided!" The mad medicine king is determined.
靳蜘蛛忽然发出低沉的笑声：“我现在特别想知道那个害王叶的家伙知不知道这个空间裂缝通往木系精灵的生存秘境。”
Jin Spider suddenly let out a low laugh: "I especially want to know now that guy who harmed Wang Ye if this spatial crack leads to the secret realm of survival of the wood elves." ”
疯药王也敷敷地怪笑起来，“哎呀，真想告诉他呀，看看那家伙会是什么表情。可惜他知道也没用，没有秘境钥匙他一样进不来。我说小叶子，你那个钥匙哪里来的？你怎么藏了这么多好东西？”
The Mad Medicine King also laughed strangely, "Oh, I really want to tell him, see what that guy's expression will be." It's a pity that it's useless for him to know, he can't enter without the secret realm key. I said, Xiaoyezi, where did you get that key? How did you hide so many goodies? ”
王叶轻哼。只要你也能重生，你同样会收集到不少好东西。这还是他碍着因果，没有特意收集，否则他身上的好东西还不知道要有多少。
Wang Ye snorted lightly. As long as you can respawn, you'll also collect a lot of goodies. This is still because he hindered the cause and effect, and did not deliberately collect it, otherwise he would not know how many good things he had on him.
“先想想要怎么从这里离开吧。木系精灵既然选择了避世，肯定不希望有人找到他们。王叶这么突然闯进来，只怕想出去就难了。”靳蜘蛛更怕木系精灵直接把王叶干掉。
"Let's think about how we want to get out of here. Since the wood elves have chosen to escape from the world, they definitely don't want anyone to find them. Wang Ye broke in so suddenly, he was afraid that it would be difficult to get out. "Jin Spider is even more afraid that the wood elves will directly kill Wang Ye.
传言中，木系精灵是精灵族中性格最平和的一族，但如果有人以为木系精灵都是老好人，那可就大错特错。
Legend has it that the wood elves are the most peaceful of the elves, but if anyone thinks that the wood elves are good people, they are very wrong.
相反，木系精灵其实是精灵族中最不好说话的一族，他们聪明、善思，善于培养植物，但更善于攻击。
On the contrary, the wood elves are actually the most difficult of the elves to talk to, they are intelligent, thoughtful, and good at cultivating plants, but they are even better at attacking.
只看木系精灵竟然敢单独一系就这么离开整个精灵族，就可知这一系精灵一旦决绝起来有多决绝。
Just looking at the fact that the wood elves dared to leave the entire elf clan with a single line, you can see how decisive this elf is once they make a decision.
事实上，王叶的情况确实不太妙。 In fact, Wang Ye's situation is indeed not good.
王叶刚被那些小精灵们拖进村子，就有一队成年精灵过来询问情况。
As soon as Wang Ye was dragged into the village by those elves, a team of adult elves came over to inquire about the situation.
“他是突然出现在东边的林子中的？在哪边？阿凌你带我过去。阿哲，你们把这只小耗子带去关起来，等我回来再说。”领头的成年精灵吩咐队员。
"Did he suddenly appear in the woods to the east? On which side? Ah Ling, take me there. Ah Zhe, you take this little mouse and lock it up, and I'll talk about it when I get back. The leading adult elf commanded the team.
“是，队长。”叫阿泽的精灵伸手拎起王叶。 "Yes, Captain." The elf named Aze reached out and picked up Wang Ye.
王叶没做反抗。 Wang Ye didn't resist.
第一个发现王叶的小少年阿凌不愿意了，期期艾艾地喊：“这是我抓到的。”
The first young boy who found Wang Ye, Ah Ling, was reluctant, and shouted in the future: "This is what I caught." ”
“嗯，会给你记功劳。”领头的精灵揉揉小少年的头，让他带路。
阿凌咕哝道：“你们要还给我呀，我还要他帮助种地除虫呢。”
声音逐渐远去，一帮孩子在成年精灵的呵斥下，一哄而散。
The voice faded away, and a group of children dispersed in a hurry under the scolding of the adult elves.
三名精灵战士把王叶关到了村落边沿一个小木屋中。 The three elven warriors locked Wang Ye in a small wooden house on the edge of the village.
这个木屋更靠近大片的田地。 This wooden house is closer to the large fields.
王叶还看到了村落大致的外貌，那是一个很美丽的村落，房屋都是木造，错落有致，村子里到处都是鲜花和果树。
Wang Ye also saw the general appearance of the village, it was a very beautiful village, the houses were all made of wood, scattered, and the village was full of flowers and fruit trees.
不知道是不是因为王叶年龄较小的缘故，那三名精灵战士并没有对他做特别处理。
I don't know if it's because of Wang Ye's young age, the three elf warriors didn't treat him specially.
王叶看到木屋门关上，就掏了一瓶恢复能量的药剂、一瓶恢复精神力的药剂喝了，再加紧时间把红蓝条回满。
When Wang Ye saw the door of the wooden house closed, he took out a bottle of energy-restoring elixir and a bottle of energy-restoring potion and drank it, and then hurried up the time to fill the red and blue bars.
等到那名领头精灵带着人回来，王叶已经把身上缠着的树藤都扯了下来。
By the time the leading elf came back with the people, Wang Ye had already torn off all the vines wrapped around his body.
他并没有选择进入虫巢藏起来，从那些精灵战士的态度来看，应该是想审问他，他如果突然消失，那才麻烦，只会让事情变得更不好解释。
He didn't choose to enter the hive and hide, judging from the attitude of those elven warriors, he should have wanted to interrogate him, if he suddenly disappeared, it would be troublesome, and it would only make things more difficult to explain.
要不是他不确定木系精灵和其他系精灵的关系到底如何，他早就把手背上的精灵标记露出来，再把金宝放出来抱大腿了。
If he wasn't sure what the relationship between the wood elves and the other elves was, he would have exposed the elf mark on the back of his hand and let Jinbao out and hugged his thighs.
等真的扛不住，再躲进虫巢也来得及。 When you really can't bear it, it's too late to hide in the hive.
木屋门打开，领头精灵和几名精灵战士走了进来。 The door to the cabin opened, and the lead elf and several elven warriors entered.
王叶坐在地上，仰头看。 Wang Ye sat on the ground and looked up.
领头精灵低头看王叶。 The leading elf looked down at Wang Ye.
小孩脸上没有半点讨好的意思，眼中更没有半点惧怕之色，相反看他的目光却像是看到……亲戚？
There was no flattering look on the child's face, and there was no fear in his eyes, but on the contrary, he looked at him as if he had seen ...... Relatives?
就是那种，啊，他大舅啊，终于见到你了……这一类的神情。
That's it, ah, his uncle, finally seeing you...... This kind of look.
领头精灵拍拍额头，把自己这突然冒出的荒唐想法拍出脑袋，神情特别严厉、语气特别凶狠地问：“我问你，你是怎么进来的？除了你，还有谁进来了？”
The leading elf patted his forehead, slapped his head with this ridiculous idea that suddenly popped up, and asked with a particularly stern expression and a particularly fierce tone: "I ask you, how did you get in?" Who else has come in but you? ”
王叶很老实地说：“就我一个人。我也不知道我怎么进来了，我原本在裂隙战场的迪普大师那里当助手，有个叫莱维的助手说要为我介绍大师的研究，就把我带到他的工作间，还请我喝了一杯水，然后我就记得他打开一扇门，有人在后面用力推了我一下，接着我就感到一股强大的吸力把我……咻地就吸过来了。”
Wang Ye said honestly: "I'm alone. I don't know how I got in, I was working as an assistant to Master Dipp in the Rift Battlefield, and an assistant named Levi said that he wanted to introduce me to the master's research, so he took me to his workshop and invited me to drink a glass of water, and then I remember that he opened a door, and someone pushed me hard from behind, and then I felt a strong suction force ...... me I sucked it up. ”
王叶还揉揉小胳膊小腿，“我从天空掉下来，砸到树上，要不是我身体结实，骨头都要被砸断了。”
Wang Ye also rubbed his little arms and legs, "I fell from the sky and smashed into a tree, if it weren't for my strong body, my bones would have been broken." ”
领头精灵皱眉，这小孩听起来说得像是真的，毕竟时间地点人物起因都有了，是个很完整的故事，小孩子临时要编也编不出来，而且还涉及到裂隙战场。
The leading elf frowned, this kid sounds like he's telling the truth, after all, the time, place, characters, and causes are all there, it's a very complete story, and the child can't make it up temporarily, and it also involves the rift battlefield.
但也有可能是事先编好，大人让他背出来的。 But it may also be made up in advance and asked by an adult to recite it.
原因？ Cause?
“裂隙战场不可能有你这么小的小孩。老实交代，到底是谁让你过来，你们过来又有什么目的？你们是不是掌握了通道钥匙？钥匙在谁手上？”领头精灵更凶恶地质问。
"There's no way there's no way there's a kid like you on the Rift Battlefield. Tell me honestly, who asked you to come here, and what is the purpose of your coming? Do you have the access key? Who has the key? The leader asked more viciously.
王叶歪头不解：“为什么裂隙战场不能有我这么小的小孩？你知道五十年一次的各校大比选拔吗？我就是被选进去的天才之一，很多人都说我是千年难得一见的绝世天才。我刚到裂隙战场，就有好多大师想要争抢我。后来管理处没办法，就让大师们竞价，谁出的贡献点最高，谁就能让我去当他的助手。”
Wang Ye tilted his head and was puzzled: "Why can't there be a child like me on the rift battlefield?" Do you know that there is a competition between schools once every 50 years? I was one of the geniuses who was selected, and many people say that I am a rare genius in a thousand years. As soon as I arrived at the Rift Battlefield, there were many masters who wanted to compete for me. Later, the management office had no choice, so they asked the masters to bid, and whoever contributed the highest points could let me be his assistant. ”
有小光这群到处乱飞的八卦虫子在，王叶自然也听到了传言。
With Xiaoguang's group of gossip bugs flying around, Wang Ye naturally heard the rumors.
几个精灵大约还是第一次听到有人这么能吹嘘自己，还是个小毛头。
It was about the first time that a few elves had heard someone boast about themselves like this, and they were still a little hairy.
领头精灵却不相信，千年一见的天才？这小孩知道他在说什么吗？
The leading elf doesn't believe it, a genius who sees it once in a thousand years? Does this kid know what he's talking about?
“你说你是参加各校大比被选拔进裂隙战场的？那你是哪所学校的学生？你师父是谁？”领头精灵又问。
"You said you were selected to participate in the competition of various schools and was selected into the Rift Battlefield? So what school are you a student at? Who is your master? The lead elf asked again.
王叶一听是这两个问题，精神就来了：“我是陨星魔法学校的学生。至于我师父，很多啊，我挨个告诉你哈。首先，教我炼药的师父叫闻笛。你听过他的名字吗？”
As soon as Wang Ye heard these two questions, his spirit came: "I am a student of the Falling Star Magic School. As for my master, there are a lot of them, I'll tell you one by one. First of all, the master who taught me alchemy is called Wendi. Have you heard his name? ”
“如果没听过，没关系。我还有第二位师父，他叫昆海，人称虫老魔。他教我怎么玩虫子。”
"If you haven't heard of it, it's okay. I also have a second master, his name is Kunhai, and he is known as the old demon of worms. He taught me how to play bugs. ”
领头精灵眼皮跳了跳。 The leader elf's eyelids jumped.
王叶又举起第三根手指：“我第三位师父是卷轴大宗师，木系精灵和人类的混血，叫兰道。”
Wang Ye raised his third finger again: "My third master is the Great Grandmaster of the Scroll, a hybrid of wood elves and humans, called Lan Dao. ”
领头精灵听到木系精灵混血这几个字，眼神微微有了些变化。
When the leading elf heard the words Wood Elf Half-blood, his eyes changed slightly.
“我还有第四位师父，是我们学校的校长时穿行，他是十级武宗哦。不过我兰道师父都叫他花海，因为他喜欢跟人口花花。据说因此招来很多女性的仇恨。你们这里没人认识他吧？如果你们有谁和他有仇恨，记得直接找他，不要找我，我还小。”
"I also have a fourth master, who is the principal of our school, and he is a tenth-level martial sect. But my Master Landau calls him Huahai because he likes to talk to Huahua. It is said that this has attracted a lot of hatred from women. None of you know him here, do you? If any of you have a grudge against him, remember to look for him directly, don't look for me, I'm still young. ”
领头精灵看着王叶那正儿八经的表情，脸皮差点没绷住，勉强拉住唇角，道：“你师父知道你这么说他吗？再说师父的债，徒弟不应该背吗？”
The leading elf looked at Wang Ye's serious expression, his face almost didn't tighten, he barely pulled the corners of his lips, and said, "Does your master know that you said this about him?" Besides, shouldn't the apprentice bear the master's debt? ”
王叶奇怪道：“兰道师父说时校长背的都是情债，这要我怎么还？我才十岁好不好，你们大人真的太可怕了，脑子太污。”
Wang Ye said strangely: "Master Landau said that the principal was carrying love debts, how can I pay it back?" I'm only ten years old, you adults are really terrible, your brains are too dirty. ”
领头精灵：“……” Lead Elf: "......"
“噗！”有笑点比较低的精灵战士偷笑。 "Poof!" There are elven warriors with relatively low laughs snickering.
几个精灵战士不约而同都觉得这人类小崽有点好玩。太能扯了！
Several elven warriors all thought that this human cub was a bit funny. It's so!
“哦，其实我还有其他一二三位指导者，不过其他指导者都不算是正式拜过。刚才那四位是正式拜过的。指导者中有两人，我觉得你们肯定知道他们的大名，可惜我不能说。”王叶幽幽叹息。
"Oh, actually, I have one, two, or three other instructors, but none of the other instructors have officially worshipped. Those four were officially worshipped. There are two of them, and I think you must know their names, but unfortunately I can't say. Wang Ye sighed faintly.
“咳，我说小耗子，你也太能吹了吧？看看你说的这些师父，炼药、卷轴、驭虫，这还不止，你还习武。你怎么不说你十项全能，是神之子降世呢。”叫阿哲的精灵战士忍不住嘲讽道。
"Ahem, I said little mouse, you're too good at blowing, right? Look at these masters you mentioned, refining medicines, scrolls, and controlling insects, that's not all, you also practice martial arts. Why don't you say that you are the decathlon and the son of God? The elven warrior named Ah Zhe couldn't help but sneer.
王叶叹息：“怎么我说真话都没人信？我不想别人知道我是天才的时候，大家疯传我的消息，还有一帮人暗搓搓地想要抓捕我，弄得我师父们成天担心我变成肉包子里的肉馅。我怕你们上来就宰了我，难得说出大实话，你们竟然还不相信。”
Wang Ye sighed: "Why don't anyone believe me when I tell the truth?" I don't want people to know that I'm a genius, and everyone spreads the news of me, and there are a bunch of people who secretly want to arrest me, so that my masters worry all day long that I will become minced meat in a meat bun. I'm afraid that you will come up and kill me, and it will be rare for you to tell the truth, and you still don't believe it. ”
有精灵战士捂住嘴，怕自己笑声泄露出来。 There are elven warriors who cover their mouths, afraid that their laughter will leak out.
领头精灵总算明白这人类小崽为什么这么吹嘘自己了，敢情是摆出靠山，好让他们不敢对他下狠手。
The leading elf finally understood why this human cub was so bragging, and dared to put on a backing so that they would not dare to be cruel to him.
“你要我们怎么相信？”领头精灵不知道自己的神情变得不再那么严厉，甚至质问的声音都带了点笑意。
"How do you want us to believe?" The leader didn't know that his expression had become less stern, and even his questioning voice had a little smile.
王叶想了想，说：“我可以耍给你们看。无论药剂、卷轴，还是驭虫，我都行。”
Wang Ye thought for a while and said, "I can show you." Whether it's a potion, a scroll, or an insect control, I can do it. ”
“哦？”领头精灵沉思片刻，“既然如此……正好我们的田地这段时间遭遇了虫灾，如果你能把这些虫子都除掉，并不会伤害到作物和环境，我就相信你师父之一是虫老魔。”
"Oh?" The lead elf pondered for a moment, "In that case...... It just so happens that our field has been hit by an insect plague during this time, if you can get rid of all these insects and it will not harm the crops and the environment, I believe that one of your masters is the insect demon. ”
系统突然发声：【经检测，玩家隔壁小王通过异常途径进入特殊类困难级副本“木精灵秘境”。现发布木精灵秘境任务链。任务链如能全部完成，将额外奖励两百万点经验值。】
The system suddenly sounded: [After detection, Xiao Wang next door to the player entered the special difficulty-level dungeon "Wood Elf Secret Realm" through abnormal means. The Wood Elf Secret Realm quest chain is now released. Completing the quest chain in its entirety will award an additional 2,000,000 XP. 】
王叶吃惊不已。这里竟然是副本？ Wang Ye was surprised. This turned out to be a copy?
难道这里不是真实世界？ Isn't this the real world?
不不不，这里应该是和搏命之城一样，没听系统说这里也是特殊类困难级副本吗？
No, no, no, this should be the same as the City of Death, didn't you hear the system say that this is also a special type of difficulty-level dungeon?
而且上辈子他可没听说有木精灵秘境这一副本，那么这应该也是一个唯一副本，需要一些特殊条件才能触发。
And in his previous life, he hadn't heard of a copy of the Wood Elf Secret Realm, so this should be the only copy that requires some special conditions to trigger.
王叶安心了，他可不想这些木系精灵都只是一堆数据。可能因为雷木和兰道师父的缘故，他对木系精灵似乎有一份天然的好感，完全不希望他们早早灭族，只剩下意识复制体。
Wang Ye was relieved, he didn't want these wood-based elves to be just a bunch of data. Maybe because of Lei Mu and Master Landau, he seems to have a natural affection for the wood elves, and he doesn't want them to die out early, leaving only the consciousness clones.
至于做任务，这个他熟。多少任务他都不怕，只要有经验值拿，一切都好说。
As for doing tasks, he knows this well. He is not afraid of any number of tasks, as long as he has experience points, everything is easy to say.
额外奖励两百万点，比搏命之城的额外奖励还多十万点。看来这个任务链想要全部完成应该不太容易。
The bonus is 2 million points, which is 100,000 more than the additional reward in Fight City. It seems that it should not be easy to complete all of this quest chain.
【任务链之一：精灵战士翡爵希望玩家隔壁小王能为精灵村落金水村的田地除去虫害。如玩家完成任务，根据任务完成度，奖励经验值五千点到五万点。】
[Quest Chain 1: Elf Warrior Fei Jue hopes that the player's next door Xiao Wang can remove insect pests from the fields of the elf village Jinshui Village.] If the player completes the task, the experience will be awarded from 5,000 to 50,000 points according to the completion of the task. 】
王叶接下任务，十分肯定地对领头精灵道：“你认识我昆师父。”
Wang Ye took over the task and said to the leading elf with great certainty: "You know my Master Kun. ”
领头精灵嘴角微勾，没有承认也没有否认，只道：“阿哲，你盯着他除虫。”
The corners of the leading elf's mouth hooked slightly, and he didn't admit or deny it, but said: "Ah Zhe, you stare at him to get rid of insects." ”
王叶忙跳起来喊：“我不知道你们这里长的是什么虫子。我可能需要一些材料。”
Wang Ye hurriedly jumped up and shouted, "I don't know what kind of bugs you have growing here." I may need some material. ”
“会给你提供。”领头精灵出去了，他要把这人类小崽的事报上去。
"I'll provide it to you." The lead elf has gone out, and he wants to report the matter of this little human cub.
不得不说，这小孩报出一溜靠山的做法还是起效果了。 I have to say that this kid's practice of reporting a backer still works.
其他不说，陨星魔法学校可是一直都和精灵族关系良好，而陨星的第一代校长就是木系精灵，虽然他们木系离开了无尽森海，但他们对陨星学校并没有什么意见。
Not to mention anything else, the Falling Star Magic School has always had a good relationship with the elves, and the first headmaster of the Falling Star is the wood elves, although their wood department has left the Endless Forest Sea, they have no opinion on the Falling Star School.
而小孩的几个师父，其他人还好说，这虫老魔，他还真的认识，还打过交道。只不过虫老魔当时并不知道和他打交道的是木系精灵。
And a few of the child's masters, others are okay to say, this worm old devil, he really knows and has dealt with it. It's just that the old demon didn't know that it was a wood elf who was dealing with him at the time.
另外小孩还有一个卷轴师父，还是他们木系精灵混血儿，这也是很难得了。
In addition, the child also has a scroll master, or their wood elf hybrid, which is also rare.
领头精灵也终于明白小孩为什么用看亲戚的眼神看他，显然是从他混血师父那边攀的交情。
The lead elf finally understood why the child looked at him with the eyes of his relatives, apparently from his half-blood master's side.
在领头精灵离开后，阿哲几个精灵战士就一起围住了王叶。
After the leader elf left, Ah Zhe and several elf warriors surrounded Wang Ye together.
阿哲盯着小孩看。 Ah Zhe stared at the child.
王叶也盯着他的脑袋看。 Wang Ye also stared at his head.
阿哲好奇：“你在看什么？” Ah Zhe was curious: "What are you looking at?" ”
王叶：“看你脑袋上的小芽。我看过其他精灵，他们看起来和人类没什么区别，除了他们戴的饰品。”
Wang Ye: "Look at the little buds on your head." I've seen other elves, and they don't look any different from humans, except for the trinkets they wear. ”
他只看过一个人头上长小芽，就是雷木。没想到木系精灵竟然都是这样。
He had only seen a person with small buds on his head, and that was Lei Mu. I didn't expect the wood elves to be like this.
阿哲失笑：“这是我们木系精灵的特征。” Ah Zhe smiled: "This is the characteristic of our wood elves. ”
“可以藏起来，对吗？我师父脑袋上就没有。”王叶道。
"You can hide it, right? My master doesn't have it in his head. Wang Ye said.
阿哲没有回答这个问题，对王叶勾了勾手指：“跟我们走吧，老实点，别想着逃跑。”
Ah Zhe didn't answer this question, and hooked his finger at Wang Ye: "Come with us, be honest, don't think about running away." ”
王叶也没打算逃跑，他还有一堆任务要做呢。 Wang Ye didn't plan to run away, he still had a bunch of tasks to do.
上辈子，他可没有这个好运能进入木系精灵秘境。 In his previous life, he didn't have the good fortune to enter the secret realm of the wood elves.
就是不知道上辈子那个拍下小板凳的人的命运如何。 I just don't know what the fate of the person who took the small bench in the previous life was.
王叶暗中打开因果卷，看到他和几个精灵之间的因果线都是正常颜色，他也没有感到什么危险征兆，相反他总觉得他在这里应该能获得不小的好处。
Wang Ye secretly opened the cause and effect scroll, and saw that the cause and effect lines between him and several elves were all normal colors, and he didn't feel any signs of danger, on the contrary, he always felt that he should be able to get a lot of benefits here.
如此也能推断出，上辈子拍下那张小板凳的人，要么最终没能进入这个秘境，要么就是进来就被精灵们干掉了，甚至有可能做了某些对木精灵不利的事情。
In this way, it can also be deduced that the person who photographed the small bench in his previous life either failed to enter this secret realm in the end, or was killed by the elves when he entered, and may even have done something unfavorable to the wood elves.
所以他拿到小板凳并使用它，才没有任何问题。这是一条被浪费的福缘线。
So he got the little bench and used it without any problems. This is a wasted line of fortune.
“呃，我能问你们一个问题吗？” "Uh, can I ask you a question?"
“不能。” "I can't."
王叶才不管对方的拒绝，直接问道：“你们知道吗，在我们陨星学校后面，隔着一条黑河，就是无尽森海，而精灵族地就在无尽森海中。你们这一系和那边的关系如何？见面会打架吗？”
Wang Yecai didn't care about the other party's refusal, and asked directly: "Do you know, behind our Meteorite School, across a black river, is the Endless Forest Sea, and the Elf Clan Land is in the Endless Forest Sea. What is the relationship between your department and that side? Will there be a fight when you meet? ”
几个精灵战士互看。 Several elven warriors looked at each other.
阿哲含糊道：“不清楚，没见过。好了，接下来除了与除虫有关的问题，我们不会再回答你任何问题。如果你不听话，我们就把你丢进水牢里关起来！水牢里可都是蛇~”
Ah Zhe said vaguely: "I don't know, I haven't seen it." Well, we won't answer any of your questions other than those related to pest control. If you don't obey, we'll throw you in a water prison and lock you up!" There are snakes in the water prison~"
阿哲还用手模仿蛇的动作，嘴里发出嘶嘶声，试图吓唬王叶。
Ah Zhe also imitated the snake's movements with his hands, hissing from his mouth, trying to scare Wang Ye.
王叶：“……”被小看虽然对他很有利，但他是不是该适当地发发威？
Wang Ye: Although it is very beneficial for him to be underestimated that "......" is underestimated, should he exert his authority appropriately?
王叶这边还在考虑他应该露出几分本事，另一边的裂隙战场迪普大师的家都要被人拆了。
Wang Ye was still thinking about how much he should show his skills, and the rift battlefield on the other side, Master Deep's house was about to be demolished.
第250章 打上门 Chapter 250: Knock on the door
迪普大师只觉得今天自从起床开始就各种不顺。 Master Dip only felt that all kinds of things had gone wrong since he got up today.
刷牙时牙粉怎么都找不到……也许他已经用完。 I can't find tooth powder when I brush my teeth...... Maybe he's run out.
穿的鞋子鞋帮突然炸开……这可是魔法靴。 The upper of the shoe that was worn suddenly exploded...... It's magic boots.
吃早餐时打出来的鸡蛋竟然满是鲜血。 The eggs that came out of breakfast were covered in blood.
开始炼制零件，原本十拿九稳的炼制竟然接连失败。 began to refine parts, and the original refining that was nine out of ten failed one after another.
这半个上午让迪普大师过得特别心累，就在他想着要不要休息一会儿调节一下的时候，他就听到了满屋子的警报声。
Master Dipper had been particularly tired from the morning, and just as he was thinking about whether to rest for a while to adjust, he heard the sirens all over the room.
当他去查看情况，发现他的助手莱维竟然在屋子门口和人打了起来。
When he went to check on the situation, he found that his assistant Lévi had actually fought with someone at the door of the house.
和他打架的那个人竟然满身魔气！ The man who fought with him was covered in demonic energy!
迪普大师以为有人召唤来了魔族，而被攻击的人既然是自己的助手，他自然要帮助自己人，于是他动手了。
Master Dipu thought that someone had summoned the demons, and since the person who was attacked was his assistant, he naturally wanted to help his own people, so he did it.
他没有露面，只是从房子发动的攻击。这座巨角屋就是他的魔法塔。
He did not show up, only an attack from the house. This giant horned house is his magic tower.
谁想他这边刚动手，那边打了小的就来了老的，还一来就是三个。
Who would have thought that he had just started here, and the old one would come after hitting the small one, and there would be three of them.
三个人还在空中没有落下，就像是要保护那个魔族一样，对他的屋子发起了攻击。
The three of them did not fall in the air, as if they wanted to protect the demon clan, and launched an attack on his house.
迪普大师一开始真的没有看清楚来者是谁，一切都发生得太快了，别人攻击他，他当然要回击。
Master Dip really didn't see clearly who was coming at first, everything happened too fast, and when others attacked him, of course he had to fight back.
尤其那三个家伙的攻击非常可怕，他竟然有种顶不住之感。
In particular, the attacks of those three guys were very terrifying, and he actually had a feeling that he couldn't resist it.
事实上，这个感觉并没有出错，三人中竟然有人拿出了九级卷轴，把整片空间都封禁了起来，另外一人只使用了两瓶药剂，他可怜的魔法塔就被腐蚀了！
更糟糕的是还有大量虫子不知什么时候就钻进了屋子里，在他的屋子里到处乱窜，他的面前，更是有一只人头虫身的可怕虫子冲着他发出老男人的难听声音。
那只人头虫在对他喊：“我徒弟呢？不想死就把我徒弟交出来！”
迪普大师脸上打出了一排问号。找徒弟为什么找到他这里来？他招谁惹谁了？
周围出现了一堆看热闹的人。
但他们发现迪普那片地方的空间被封禁了，他们就算想进去帮忙也不能。
直接攻击封禁空间？
他们还没搞清楚是怎么回事，当然不可能马上站队。
而和迪普感情好的人还没听到消息，或者还没赶到。
等到安全区的治安巡逻队带着人赶到时，迪普的巨角屋已经成了半角屋，屋顶都被人轰塌了。
而迪普的助手莱维原本还能和那个魔族势均力敌，也许还强出不少，可在那三人中的一人对他动手后，莱维就想要逃回屋子，却被强行留住。
莱维显然要支持不住了，他身上不断有光芒闪烁又炸裂，这是魔器被摧毁的表现。
至于迪普大师……他的情况还好点，但他一边要对付那些围攻他的虫子，一边要操纵他的屋子回击敌人，可攻击他屋子的两人显然都达到了九级实力，他也是九级，但他只有一个！
二打一，他落败也只是时间问题。
幸好治安巡逻队赶到了，但这片空间被封禁，巡逻队的人进不来。
好在有巡逻队的人在外面喊话，所有攻击都暂时停了下来。
那个发疯的魔族也被三人中的一人给按住了。一个黑袍人！
莱维得以喘息，正在灌恢复药剂。
迪普大师再次听到了一道清晰的声音，有人在询问他：“我徒弟小叶子呢？把他交出来。”
小叶子？！雷叶？
迪普大师终于发现这件事也许是什么误会，他从屋中回话：“你们说的小叶子是不是雷叶？他是我聘请的助手，应该正在他的工作间工作。你们是怎么回事？怎么突然跑来攻击我？”
那道声音：“那就让他出来，只要他完好无损，没有受到任何伤害，这件事就到此结束。”
结束？你们他妈的快把我的魔法塔给拆了，现在跟我说只要我把人交出来，就结束此事？
这他妈到底是怎么回事？！
迪普一边让傀儡十四去找人，一边把他的愤怒传达了出去。
那些在他屋子中到处乱窜的虫子似乎也传达了什么消息回去。
“小叶子不在你的魔法塔，你到底把他藏到了哪里？”一道苍老的不耐烦的阴森声音响起。
傀儡十四也刚刚回复迪普，它没找到应该在工作间工作的雷叶。
治安巡逻队的人似乎在和外面的攻击者进行交涉，终于封禁空间的魔法被撤销，巡逻队的人得以走近他的巨角屋。
“迪普大师，也许这里有什么误会，请您出来一下。”巡逻队队长高声喊道。
迪普大师满心愤怒和莫名其妙，他也想看看到底是谁在攻击他，这一切又是怎么回事，就从他的魔法塔里走了出去。
但他身上挂满了魔器，他手里还抱着一把巨大的魔弹枪。外形难看些，但威力……如果不是这东西用一次耗费能量太多，而且事情也没搞清楚，他刚才就用了。
天空中另外两名黑袍人也落了下来。
一名黑袍人正在和那名魔族说着什么，那名魔族身上的魔气开始消散，身上的魔纹也在消退，逐渐恢复了正常的人类模样。
迪普走出大门。
他的助手莱维看到他出来，似乎略略放心，吐出口气，对他道：“大师，这些人太过分了，您可不能放过他们！”
莱维一边说一边往后退，他似乎受伤了，想要退回魔法塔。
“这一切到底是怎么回事？”迪普大师愤怒地高声问。
“我们也想询问你这点。”一名黑袍人道。
“你们到底是谁？藏头遮脸的算什么！雷叶是你们谁的徒弟？”
三名黑袍人揭开他们的兜帽，露出了他们的脸。
迪普大师看到这三张脸，愣住。他为什么会觉得这三个人有点面熟？
“你们……？”迪普失声。
周围看热闹的人也是一瞬间安静，过了一会儿就有人叫出了这三人中两人的名字，另外一个老头他们有些不确定，有人认出了他，却不敢随便叫出他的名字。
“闻笛！兰道大师、昆大师，这里一定有什么误会。”安全区管理处的高层也赶到了，是双月学校前任校长汲睿。
“昆大师？昆海？卧槽！竟然真的是虫老魔！”看热闹的人群中有人惊呼。
“虫老魔？他来了？真的假的？不是说他已经死了？”
“人就在那儿呢，你说他死没死？”
“等等，那是天下第一美人卷轴大宗师兰道？他为什么会攻击迪普大师？”
“另外一人是快要晋升药王的闻笛大师吧？哇，这三人竟然齐齐露面，我们裂隙战场是发生什么大事了吗？”
“那个魔族是怎么回事？”
“不是魔族，应该是魔种。不过好强烈的魔气。”
“这魔种竟然能把魔气收放自如？”
没有人注意到，迪普的助手莱维在看到闻笛三人露出脸后，脸色一下变得极度苍白，随后充血到眼睛里都满是血丝，他的手在颤抖，但他强行握住，拼命控制自己的情绪。
莱维不断告诉自己，这时候不是报仇的时候，他应该赶紧离开。
他强迫自己不去看虫老魔，他不想被对方从他的眼神中发现什么端倪。
可他刚一动，一双眼睛就锁住了他。
是那个魔种！
随后卷轴大宗师兰道也转看向他。
汲睿询问情况。
巡逻队的人也不太清楚，只知道他们赶到时，双方已经打了起来。
闻笛清冷的声音响起：“我们也不想闹事，但我们刚赶到就发现我校学生在被攻击，而我们的弟子小叶子一直没露面。”
汲睿看向迪普。
迪普愤怒：“一个魔族……我以为他是魔族，正在攻击我的助手，我当然要回击。”
众人一起看向站在兰道大师身边的青年。
雷木指向莱维，冷冷道：“是他先攻击我。我和我弟之间有精神联系，就在之前，我突然感觉不到我弟的存在，这说明他一定出事了。我赶来这边，敲门询问我弟在哪里，结果这人出来说他不知道，还让我不要来捣乱。我说让我弟出来，我有重要事情找他。可这人却说我故意捣乱，抬手就攻击我。”
众人又看向莱维。
莱维怒道：“你一身魔气，我以为你是魔族，谁知道你是来干什么的，你还想往迪普大师的魔法塔里硬闯。”
“我没有硬闯，我说了我是小叶子的哥哥，而且那时我的外表还是正常人类，你明明见过我！”
“我以为你是伪装的魔族。”莱维一口咬定。
“那现在你们可以让我弟出来了吗？”雷木脸上表情已经全都不见，声音冰冷到极点。
莱维露出疑惑神情，看向迪普大师：“对了，大师，雷叶呢？”
迪普大师也头疼，“我不知道，我刚才让十四去找了，我也查看了，雷叶不在魔法塔。”
莱维不说话了，把自己放回“什么也不知道”的无辜助手的位置，退回到迪普身侧，让迪普去面对雷叶家属。
闻笛一双眼睛盯着迪普和莱维，他在观察这两人的微表情。
虫老发话了：“迪普，你就说怎么办吧，我徒弟在你这里没有了，你总要给我一个交代吧？”
“雷叶是你的弟子？”迪普吞咽口水。
虫老阴森道：“当然。你以为那样的弟子谁都能调教出来？”
迪普：“……我真的不知道雷叶在哪里，他平时都在他的工作间。”
“我们能进去看看吗？”闻笛道。
迪普皱眉，这是要搜索他的魔法塔的意思？ Dipu frowned, is this what it means to search his magic tower?
汲睿一看气氛又开始紧张，头疼地打圆场道：“迪普大师，我先给你介绍一下吧，雷叶你知道，他是陨星的学生，而这三位……都是雷叶的师父。”
Ji Rui saw that the atmosphere became tense again, and said with a headache: "Master Deep, let me introduce you first, Lei Ye You know, he is a student of the Meteorite, and these three ...... They are all Lei Ye's masters. ”
迪普一阵眩晕，他收起了那把巨大的魔弹枪。 Dizzy, Deepp put away the huge shotgun.
三个师父！雷叶竟然有三个师父，还是这样的三个师父！
Three Masters! Lei Ye actually has three masters, and he is still such three masters!
好吧，他现在明白为什么那个小不点能在各校大比中拿到四项第一了。有这么三位师父，他要是不拿第一，怎么对得起这三位？
Well, he now understands why that little guy was able to win four firsts in the school competitions. There are three masters, if he doesn't take the first place, how can he be worthy of these three?
他要是早知道……他还是会聘进来，也许会出更高的价聘请过来，但他一定不会这么轻忽那孩子，他保证天天把那孩子带在身边亲自指点。
If he had known...... He would still hire him, maybe at a higher price, but he would not neglect the child so much, and he promised to take the child with him every day to guide him personally.
该死的，安全区管理层联系他的时候，为什么不早早说明这一点？
Damn, why didn't he make it clear earlier when the security zone management contacted him?
现在的情况貌似是他理亏。 The current situation seems to be his fault.
但他真的好冤啊！他根本就不知道雷叶发生了什么事。 But he's really wronged! He had no idea what had happened to Lei Ye.
周围也是一片低哗声。 There was also a murmur all around.
有人听过传闻，但也有人没听过。没听过的人这时才知道那个前段传得特别火的千年小天才小叶子竟然是这三位的弟子。
Some people have heard rumors, but others have not. Those who have never heard of it only then know that Xiao Yezi, a thousand-year-old genius who was particularly popular in the previous period, turned out to be a disciple of these three.
这靠山，绝了！ This backer is absolutely amazing!
汲睿发现迪普大师竟然真的不知道小叶子的师父们是这三位，他以为这位早就知道了。
Ji Rui found that Master Dipu really didn't know that Xiao Yezi's masters were these three, and he thought that this one had already known.
毕竟小叶子就在迪普那里当助手，在管理处想来，他们通知迪普，让他注意保护雷叶，那迪普总会去和雷叶聊聊吧，这一聊不就知道小孩的底细了吗？
After all, Xiao Yezi was an assistant to Dipu, and when he thought about it in the management office, they informed Dipu and asked him to pay attention to protecting Lei Ye, so Dipu would always go and talk to Lei Ye, wouldn't this chat know the details of the child?
就算小孩没说，迪普也应该从其他人那里听到消息。 Even if the kid didn't say it, Dip should have heard from someone else.
偏偏迪普是个一心钻在研究中的人，他重视雷叶处理材料的能力，对他的身份底细并不感兴趣。而他的朋友也都以为他早就知道，自然不会特意提起。
However, Dipu is a person who is dedicated to research, and he values Lei Ye's ability to process materials, and is not interested in the details of his identity. And his friends thought that he had known about it a long time ago, so naturally he would not mention it specifically.
当然，如果时间足够长的话，迪普迟早都会知道他的小助手的真实底细，但这不是还没几天吗！
Of course, if it takes long enough, Dip will know the true details of his little assistant sooner or later, but isn't it just a few days away!
“我发誓，我真的不知道雷叶出了什么事。”迪普大师低喃。
"I swear, I really don't know what happened to Lei Ye." Master Dip muttered.
“这是你的魔法塔，总有魔法监控吧？”闻笛上前一步。
"This is your magic tower, there's always magic monitoring, right?" Wen Di stepped forward.
迪普大师一拍脑门，忙道：“有有有！三位请。” Master Dipu slapped his head and said busily: "Yes, yes, yes!" Three please. ”
与其最后不得不让人进来，还不如大方一点，直接邀请吧。
Rather than having to let people in at the end, it's better to be generous and invite directly.
闻笛三人，加上雷木，还有一位做仲裁也是当缓和剂的汲睿，五人一起进入了迪普的巨角屋。
The three of them, plus Lei Mu, and Ji Rui, who was also a moderator in arbitration, entered Deep's Giant Horn House together.
莱维走在一边，就要离开。 Lévy walked aside, and was about to leave.
却被闻笛叫住：“这位助手，你要去哪里？迪普大师这边的情况，你应该最清楚吧。我徒弟在这里失踪，这座魔法塔里的任何人都有嫌疑，麻烦你暂时和我们一起。”
But he was stopped by Wen Di: "This assistant, where are you going?" You should know the situation best on Master Dipu's side. My apprentice is missing here, and anyone in this magic tower is suspicious, so please join us for the time being. ”
莱维走不掉了，只能咬牙同意。但他一路都在寻找脱身的机会。
Levi couldn't leave, so he could only grit his teeth and agree. But he's looking for an escape along the way.
迪普这时忙着解开疑惑，也顾不上助手的情绪。 Dip was busy clearing up his doubts and didn't care about his assistant's emotions.
当他取出魔眼，释放魔法，并要求魔眼展示今天雷叶的行踪时。
When he takes out the MONOCULUS, unleashes his magic, and asks the MONOCULUS to show Thunderleaf's whereabouts today.
魔眼上端出现了清晰的投影。 A clear projection appeared at the top of the MONOCULUS.
所有人都看到王叶从自己宿舍出来，就去了工作间，他在工作间里手法熟练地炼制了几个零件。
When everyone saw Wang Ye coming out of his dormitory, he went to the workshop, where he skillfully refined a few parts.
王叶还有一只蜘蛛玩偶，一会儿爬到他身上，一会儿又在屋里爬来爬去。
Wang Ye also had a spider doll that crawled on him for a while, and crawled around the house for a while.
王叶还在和那只小蜘蛛说话，不过他和蜘蛛的对话似乎都处在结界中，没人能听到他都说了什么。
Wang Ye was still talking to the little spider, but his conversations with the spider seemed to be in the enchantment, and no one could hear what he said.
后来小蜘蛛爬着爬着就不见了，也不知道是被收了起来，还是藏到了哪个角落。
Later, the little spider crawled and disappeared, and I don't know if it was put away or hidden in a corner.
雷木自然认出小蜘蛛就是靳蜘蛛，而闻笛三人看着那只蜘蛛都眯起了眼睛。
Lei Mu naturally recognized the little spider as the Jin spider, and the three of them narrowed their eyes when they looked at the spider.
以他们对王叶的了解，这小子会在忙碌的时候弄个玩偶玩？
With their understanding of Wang Ye, this kid will make a doll to play with when he is busy?
怎么可能！ How can it be!
而且王叶明显在和那蜘蛛对话，能让天才的小叶子一边工作一边说话的对象，能是普通魔器？
And Wang Ye is obviously talking to that spider, the object that can make the genius Xiao Ye talk while working can be an ordinary magic weapon?
三位大佬记下了这只蜘蛛，接着往下看投影回溯。 The three bigwigs made a note of the spider, and then looked down at the projection backtrack.
就在这时，投影忽然闪了一下，再接着，所有人就都看到王叶走向大门，并念了咒语，打开大门走了出去。
At this moment, the projection suddenly flashed, and then, everyone saw Wang Ye walking towards the gate, and recited a spell, opened the gate and walked out.
莱维看到这里，眼中闪过一丝得意。 When Levi saw this, a hint of smugness flashed in his eyes.
迪普大师则轻轻吐出一口气，放松许多：“你们也看到了，雷叶自己走了出去。”
Master Dipu exhaled lightly and relaxed a lot: "You also saw that Lei Ye walked out by himself. ”
但闻笛三人是什么人？ But who are the Wendi trios?
他们会轻易相信魔眼投影回溯？ Will they easily believe in the MONOCULUS projection backtrack?
“刚才的闪烁是怎么回事？”虫老直接逼问。 "What's going on with that flicker?" The worm asked directly.
迪普大师皱眉：“这应该只是正常的能量影响，这种事常有，你们肯定也见过。”
Master Dipu frowned: "This should just be a normal energy influence, this kind of thing is common, you must have seen it." ”
“如果平时是很普通，但在这时候，迪普大师还认为这闪烁是正常情况吗？”闻笛不带笑意地笑道。
雷木忽然问：“能看到具体时间吗？” Lei Mu suddenly asked, "Can you see the specific time?" ”
迪普大师自傲道：“当然能！” Master Dipu said proudly: "Of course you can! ”
他念了一句咒语，投影一角出现了跳动的时间数字。 He recited a mantra, and a beating number of time appeared in the corner of the projection.
莱维看到时间显示，他虽然自信自己做的手脚很完美，但心脏还是忍不住剧烈跳动了一下。
Levi saw that although he was confident that he had done his hands and feet perfectly, his heart couldn't help but beat violently.
雷木手指投影：“停！” Lei Mu's finger projection: "Stop!" ”
画面和时间一起停在投影闪烁的时候。 The picture and time stop together when the projection flickers.
上面的时间显示是上午11:27分。 The time above shows 11:27 a.m.
雷木却很肯定地说：“我的工作组墙上挂有魔法钟，小叶子和我联系断开时，我看了时间，确定就是11:40，但那时我可以肯定，小叶子必然还在这里。”
Lei Mu said with certainty: "There is a magic clock hanging on the wall of my working group, and when Xiao Ye disconnected from me, I looked at the time and determined that it was 11:40, but at that time I was sure that Xiao Ye must still be here." ”
迪普不满：“你怎么就能肯定？你也亲眼看到你弟在27分的时候就离开我这里了。”
Deepp was dissatisfied: "How can you be sure? You've seen your brother leave me at 27 minutes. ”
“不，直到40分，他一直都在你的魔法塔。我不可能出错！”雷木和王叶之间可以进行空间传送，他随时都能感觉到王叶的定位，这几乎快成了他的本能，自然不可能出错。
"No, he's been in your magic tower until 40 minutes. I can't go wrong! "There can be spatial teleportation between Lei Mu and Wang Ye, and he can feel Wang Ye's positioning at any time, which has almost become his instinct, and naturally it is impossible to make a mistake.
而迪普和汲睿不相信，闻笛三人却是信的。 While Dipu and Jirui didn't believe it, Wendi and the three did.
他们很清楚雷木和王叶之间的联系有多紧密，两人空间又可以互通，按照空间魔法原理，两人必然都要知道对方的详细定位才可能传送成功。
They knew very well how close the connection between Lei Mu and Wang Ye was, and the space between the two could be communicated, according to the principle of space magic, both of them must know each other's detailed positioning in order to successfully teleport.
只是两人之间不需要布置魔法阵，也不需要特别输入定位的坐标，他们本能的就知道这点。
It's just that there is no need to arrange a magic array between the two, and there is no need to specifically enter the coordinates of positioning, they instinctively know this.
这就像两个空间之间已经有两个传送阵，而随着他们定位变动，另一人空间里的传送阵坐标就会跟着不停变动，而且必定同步。
It's like there are already two teleportation arrays between two spaces, and as their positioning changes, the coordinates of the teleportation array in the other person's space will keep changing, and they must be synchronized.
“雷木不可能说谎。”兰道给儿子撑腰，肯定地道：“你这监控投影有问题。”
"There's no way Remu could be lying." Landau supported his son and said affirmatively: "You have a problem with the monitoring projection." ”
迪普不承认。 Deepp doesn't admit it.
汲睿再次打圆场：“要么就找两位炼金大师来分析这个监控投影吧，看看这个闪烁到底是怎么回事。”
Ji Rui played the round again: "Either find two alchemy masters to analyze this surveillance projection and see what this flicker is all about." ”
“我们没有那么多时间，小叶子失踪了，时间拖得越长，他越危险。”闻笛冷声道。
"We don't have that much time, Xiaoye is missing, and the longer it drags on, the more dangerous he becomes." Wen Di said coldly.
雷木忽然起身，“我知道我弟最后失踪的坐标在哪里，我带你们过去，那里必然有痕迹留下。”
Lei Mu suddenly got up, "I know where the coordinates of my brother's last disappearance are, I will take you there, there must be traces left there." ”
莱维控制不住地脸色微微一变。 Levi's face changed uncontrollably.
他准备得堪称万全，可他再怎么也没想到雷叶的兄长是个魔种，而这个魔种竟然和雷叶之间的联系这么紧密，竟然能知道那小鬼的最后失踪地点在哪里。
He was very well prepared, but he never thought that Lei Ye's brother was a demon seed, and this demon seed was so closely connected with Lei Ye that he could know where the little ghost disappeared at the end.
如果他们找到那间工作间，那就麻烦了。 If they find that workshop, it's going to be a problem.
那个工作间并不是迪普布置，里面的设计图自然也不是迪普所留，是他为了设计和引诱那个小天才特意做出来的。
That workshop was not arranged by Dipp, and the design drawings inside were naturally not left by Dipp, but he specially made them in order to design and lure that little genius.
最糟糕的是里面的设计图都是他从迪普那里一点点弄来的，他没时间再去弄一堆假图，就放了这些真图。
The worst thing was that he got the blueprints from Deepp little by little, and he didn't have time to get a bunch of fake ones, so he put them in the real ones.
如果让迪普大师看到…… If Master Dip is allowed to see it......
原本他打算等里面的空间裂缝消失，他再进去收拾。 Originally, he planned to wait for the spatial crack inside to disappear, and then he would go in and clean it up.
可是这个魔种来得太快，他还没有来得及去收拾，这魔种就找上门了。
But this demon seed came too quickly, and before he could clean it up, this demon seed came to the door.
而为了不惊动迪普，他只能出面打发这个魔种。 And in order not to alarm Deep, he can only come forward to send this demon seed.
可对方死活要进来，他原本想着把人引进魔法塔，再借口这人想要窃取迪普大师的魔器设计图，利用魔法塔攻击他，可这个小子很机智，大概也知道敌人的巢穴不能轻易进去，就在门口高喊让迪普大师出来。
But the other party wanted to come in, he originally wanted to bring people into the magic tower, and then use the magic tower to attack him under the pretext that this person wanted to steal Master Dipp's magic weapon blueprint, but this kid was very witty, and probably knew that the enemy's lair could not be easily entered, so he shouted at the door to let Master Dipu come out.
他只好借口对方身上有魔气，先一步攻击了这个魔种。 He had no choice but to attack this demon seed first under the pretext that the other party had demonic energy.
现在……要怎么办？ Right now...... What to do?
闻笛是个极为细心的人，他很博学。 Wen Di was an extremely attentive person, and he was very knowledgeable.
王叶学得这么杂，其实很大方面就是受到闻笛的影响。总不能他师父问他什么，他都一问三不知吧？那不是很没面子？
Wang Ye learned so much, in fact, a large part of it was influenced by Wen Di. He can't ask him anything his master, he doesn't know everything, right? Isn't that shameless?
闻笛因为揣摩医术，对微表情也很有研究，毕竟医术中“望”是非常重要的一点。
Wen Di is also very interested in micro-expressions because of his understanding of medical skills, after all, "hope" is a very important point in medical skills.
他没错过莱维在听到雷木说知道王叶的最后失踪地点时那一丝表情变化，这让闻笛更加注意这个人。
He didn't miss the slight change in Levi's expression when he heard Lei Mu say that he knew the location of Wang Ye's last disappearance, which made Wen Di pay more attention to this person.
而且比起这个巨角屋的主人迪普，这个莱维的表情和动作看起来更可疑一些。
And compared to Deep, the owner of this giant horn house, this Levy's expression and movements look a little more suspicious.
闻笛听过迪普大师的大名，知道这人就是个单纯的醉心研究的人，迪普能在裂隙战场一待就是百多年，自然不在乎权力，也不是特别在意自己的性命。
Wen Di had heard the name of Master Deepp, and knew that this person was a simple person who was obsessed with research, and Dipper could stay on the rift battlefield for more than a hundred years, so he naturally didn't care about power, and he didn't particularly care about his own life.
而且迪普到了这样的身份地位，如果他真的有另一重背景，也不会这么轻易暴露。
And Dipp has reached such an identity status, if he really has another background, he will not be exposed so easily.
小叶子确实很天才，但他到底还小，身上还有千木之毒，还不值得任何组织暴露迪普大师这样一个重要人物，只为了掳走他。
Xiao Yezi is indeed a genius, but he is still young, and he still has the poison of a thousand trees on his body, and it is not worth exposing such an important person as Master Dipu in any organization, just to kidnap him.
迪普的嫌疑减少了，他身边这个助手的嫌疑自然就大大提高。
Dip's suspicion has decreased, and the suspicion of this assistant next to him has naturally increased greatly.
迪普大师见虫老魔几个都站了起来，显然十分相信雷叶的哥哥雷木，无奈下，只好跟着一起走。
Master Dipu saw that the old demons stood up, obviously believing in Lei Ye's brother Lei Mu, so he had no choice but to follow along.
他也想看看，雷木会找到哪里。 He also wanted to see where Remu would find.
不要是他的研究室，否则…… Don't be his research room, or ......
雷木走在最前面，他明明只到过玄关，可他在这里走动的模样，竟像是非常熟悉。
Lei Mu walked in the front, he had obviously only been to the entrance, but the way he walked around here seemed to be very familiar.
迪普感到一丝怪异。 Deepp felt a little weird.
实际上，雷木确实对这里很了解，他有时下班早，就会在虫巢空间里看小叶子忙活。
In fact, Raimu does know a lot about this place, and sometimes he gets off work early and watches the little leaves work in the hive space.
几人来到了莱维工作间门外。 A few people came to the door of Lévy's workshop.
雷木指向大门：“还在里面。” Remu pointed to the gate: "It's still inside." ”
迪普吃惊地看向莱维。 Dipper looked at Levi in surprise.
莱维一直没找到脱身机会，这时只能也面露惊讶：“我的工作间就在这里。小叶子怎么会在我这里？我从来没有带他来过，我跟他说过，我这里有很多重要的设计图，还有一些珍贵的材料，不能让人随便进。小叶子怎么……”
Levi never found a chance to escape, so he could only show surprise on his face: "My workshop is here." How could Little Leaf be with me? I never brought him here, and I told him that I had a lot of important blueprints here, and some precious materials, and I couldn't let people go in. How do you ...... small leaves?"
闻笛、兰道、虫老魔三人脸上露出了同样讽刺的冷笑。 Wen Di, Lan Dao, and Worm Old Demon showed the same sarcastic sneer on their faces.
栽赃？ Planted?
想给小叶子扣个偷盗的罪名？ Want to charge Xiao Yezi with stealing?
这个助手莱维果然有问题！ There's really something wrong with this assistant, Levy!
第251章 自爆、除虫 Chapter 251: Self-detonation, insect control
雷木忽然道：“尤萨尔前园长，你这样栽赃我弟，是因为我弟把你认出来了吗？我弟的失踪是不是和你……”
Lei Mu suddenly said: "Former head of Yusar, are you framing my brother like this because my brother recognized you?" Is my brother's disappearance ...... you?"
尤萨尔这个名字一出，虫老反应最快，伸手就抓向莱维。
As soon as the name Yusar came out, the worm old reacted the fastest, reaching out and grabbing Levi.
莱维身上爆发出亮光。 A bright light erupted from Levy's body.
闻笛一直在盯着莱维，看他刚有异动，手指立刻弹出。 Wendi kept staring at Lévy, and as soon as he moved, his fingers immediately popped out.
一瓶药剂落在莱维身上。 A vial of potion landed on Levi.
同一瞬间，兰道也已甩出一张卷轴，把莱维困住。 At the same moment, Landau had thrown out a scroll, trapping Levi.
雷木冷冷地盯着尤萨尔，之前他因为太过焦急，一时也没联想到尤萨尔和王叶的失踪有关——毕竟尤萨尔和王叶无冤无仇，两人连见都没见过。
Lei Mu stared at Yusar coldly, he was too anxious before, and he didn't think for a moment that Yusar and Wang Ye's disappearance was related - after all, Yusar and Wang Ye had no grievances, and the two had never even met.
雷木并不知道虫老杀死了尤妮斯，王叶也没特意跟他提及这点，否则他早就能联想到了。
Lei Mu didn't know that Worm Elder had killed Eunice, and Wang Ye hadn't specifically mentioned it to him, otherwise he would have thought about it a long time ago.
雷木和三位师父一样，都进入了一个固定思维的误区——认定是某些掳掠天才的组织抓走了小叶子。
Lei Mu, like the three masters, all entered a fixed thinking misunderstanding - believing that some organization that had captured Xiao Yezi by some organization that had captured the genius.
但此时尤萨尔开口栽赃王叶，雷木立刻就察觉不对，他出口也只是试探，没想到尤萨尔做贼心虚或者是认定逃不掉，也没否认就这么暴露了。
But at this time, Yusar opened his mouth to frame Wang Ye, Lei Mu immediately noticed that something was wrong, and his exit was just a temptation, but he didn't expect Yusar to be a thief or think that he couldn't escape, and he didn't deny that he was exposed.
莱维……这时该说是尤萨尔了，他不知道自己的身份怎么就暴露了，被困住的他恨得目眦欲裂，冲着虫老狂喊：“你这个老魔头！你杀了我的尤妮斯，我就拿你的弟子祭祀她！是你，都是你的罪孽，你徒弟会落到这样的下场，都是因为你！”
Levy...... At this time, it should be said that it was Yusar, he didn't know how his identity was exposed, and he was trapped with hatred, and shouted at the worm boss: "You old devil! If you kill my Eunice, I'll sacrifice your disciple to her!" It's you, it's all your sins, and your apprentice will end up like this, it's all because of you! ”
虫老一听这话，气炸：“小叶子在哪里？” When the insect elder heard this, he was angry: "Where is the little leaf?" ”
“哈哈哈哈哈！我不会告诉你！你们永远都不可能找到你们的弟子，永远都不可能！我恨！我恨！为什么你们这些欺负尤妮斯的罪人没有遭到惩罚，我可怜的尤妮斯，她只不过生病了，你们却狠心杀了她。”
"Hahaha! I won't tell you! You will never find your disciples, never! I hate! I hate! Why are you sinners who bullied Eunice unpunished, my poor Eunice, she is only sick, and you have the heart to kill her. ”
尤萨尔狂吼：“你们杀了我的尤妮斯，我要你们所有人都给她陪葬！等着吧，我尤萨尔的报复才只是开始！我会从你们最在意的东西开始摧毁，一点一点，直至全部！哈哈哈哈哈！”
Yusar roared, "You killed my Eunice, I want all of you to bury her!" Wait, my Yusar's revenge is just the beginning! I'll start destroying what you care about most, little by little, down to all! Hahaha! ”
一只人头虫突然冒出一口咬住尤萨尔的脖子。 A human head worm suddenly burst out and bit Yusar's neck.
尤萨尔的身体表面也忽然浮现了无数针尖大的小虫子，这些小虫子简直就像是从尤萨尔身体内部冒出来的。
Countless small needle-sized bugs suddenly appeared on the surface of Yusar's body, and these small bugs almost seemed to emerge from the inside of Yusar's body.
尤萨尔发出惨叫，更不可置信自己身上会有这么多虫子。
Yusar screamed, even more incredulous that there were so many bugs on him.
他视虫老为第一仇敌，自然知道虫老的手段，也对此做了多方防备，他身上就不可能长虫子。
He regards the insect elder as the first enemy, and naturally knows the insect elder's methods, and has also taken many precautions against it, so it is impossible for him to have worms on his body.
可这些虫子都是从哪里冒出来的？ But where did all these bugs come from?
“是不是很惊讶？当年你明知尤妮斯害了那么多学生，还袒护那个小贱人，不但偷偷藏着人，在学校发现后，还想帮助她逃跑，你觉得我在杀死那小贱人前，会不防着你？”
"Isn't it surprising? Back then, you knew that Eunice had harmed so many students, and you protected that little slut, not only secretly hiding people, but also trying to help her escape after the school found out, do you think I will not guard against you before killing that little slut? ”
虫老阴笑，那狰狞阴险的表情可是比尤萨尔像坏人多了，也怪不得别人都叫他老魔。
The worm smirked, his hideous and sinister expression was much more like a bad guy than Yusar, and it was no wonder that others called him the old devil.
“当年你逃跑，你以为学校真的找不到你？要不是看在你没有亲手伤害学校学生的份上，也是看在你在学校工作多年，大家都认识的份上，你以为你能逃得掉？你逃走时大概没想到肚子里带着一堆虫卵吧？哦，你检查了？我虫老魔的手段，你要是能检查出来，那就该叫你虫老魔，而不是我。”
"When you ran away, you thought the school really couldn't find you? If it weren't for the fact that you didn't hurt the students in the school with your own hands, and because you have worked in the school for many years and everyone knows you, do you think you can escape? You probably didn't expect to have a bunch of eggs in your stomach when you fled, right? Oh, you checked? If you can check out the methods of my worm old devil, then you should call you the worm old devil, not me. ”
“你这个恶魔！你这个阴险卑鄙的混蛋！你才是最该死的，你才是！”尤萨尔疯狂大骂，拼命拍打身上的虫子，不惜对自己用魔器。
"You demon! You insidious and despicable bastard! You're the damned, you're the one! Yusar scolded frantically, slapping the bugs on his body desperately, and did not hesitate to use magic weapons on himself.
虫老眼神阴冷到极点：“要是我早知道你逃走后，不悔恨自己的所作所为、不想着赎罪，还成天想着报复我和学校，我早就让虫子咬得你求生不能！”
The old worm's eyes were extremely cold: "If I had known that after you escaped, I didn't regret what I did, didn't want to atone for my sins, and thought about revenge on me and the school all day long, I would have let the insects bite you so much that you couldn't survive!" ”
虫老恨极：“敢对我徒弟下手，我要你求生不能求死也不能！慢慢生受着吧！”
The worm old hated it very much: "Dare to attack my apprentice, I want you to survive and not die!" Take your time! ”
如果不是雷木的态度告诉他们，王叶应该没有死，只是不知道被弄到什么地方去了，虫老现在就让虫子活活吃了这脑残。
If it weren't for Lei Mu's attitude to tell them, Wang Ye shouldn't have died, but he didn't know where he had been gotten, and the worm would have let the worm eat this brain dead now.
尤萨尔痛苦大喊：“我死也不会让你得逞，所有一切我都安排好了，就算我死，我也不会放过你们！虫老魔，我在地狱深渊等着你！”
Yusar shouted in pain: "I will not let you succeed if I die, I have arranged everything, even if I die, I will not let you go!" Worm Boss, I'm waiting for you in the abyss of hell! ”
“不好！他要自爆！”迪普惊呼。 "Not good! He's going to blow himself up! Dipper exclaimed.
“想自爆？做梦！”兰道出手了，一连甩出了三张卷轴。
"Want to blow yourself up? Dream! Landau made a move, throwing out three scrolls in a row.
一张卷轴用来保护雷木，防止尤萨尔自爆成功伤到他。 A scroll is used to protect Raywood from Yusar from blowing himself up and injuring him.
两张卷轴，一张专门用来封禁自爆也是打断自爆的过程，一张用来吸收尤萨尔身上的能量。
Two scrolls, one dedicated to blocking the self-detonation process and interrupting the self-detonation, and one to absorb the energy on Yusar's body.
同时，尤萨尔身上无数的小虫子一起又钻入了他体内。 At the same time, Yusar's countless small bugs burrowed into his body together.
尤萨尔发出了人类几乎发不出的惨叫声，这时他再也无力自爆了。
Yusar let out a scream that was almost impossible for humans to hear, and he was no longer able to blow himself up.
那些虫子在攻击他的魔核！ Those bugs are attacking his core!
兰道一张卷轴一卷，就把哀嚎惨叫的尤萨尔收入了卷轴中。
Landau rolled a scroll and included the wailing and screaming Yusar in the scroll.
闻笛对虫老道：“别弄死他，小叶子的下落还在他身上。”
Wen Di said to the insect elder: "Don't kill him, the whereabouts of Xiao Yezi are still on him." ”
虫老满脸阴霾：“知道，我不想让他死，他就一定会留着一口气。”
The old worm's face was full of gloom: "I know, I don't want him to die, he will definitely save a breath." ”
虫老真的太太太生气了，虽然他知道尤萨尔说这些话只是为了气他堵他，但如果不是他，尤萨尔也确实不会对小叶子出手。
The worm elder was really angry, although he knew that Yusar said these words just to anger him and block him, but if it weren't for him, Yusar really wouldn't have made a move on Xiao Yezi.
“小叶子已经知道尤萨尔的身份？”虫老问雷木。 "Xiao Yezi already knows Yusar's identity?" Worm asked Lei Mu.
雷木点头：“他说很有可能。他本来想告诉你们，但裂隙战场这边无法传讯回学校，我们就想着如果这位前园长不找我们麻烦，我们就也不主动招惹他。可没想到……”
Remu nodded: "He said it was very likely." He wanted to tell you, but the Rift Battlefield couldn't send a message back to the school, so we thought that if the former principal didn't trouble us, we wouldn't take the initiative to provoke him. I didn't expect ......."
“那个小蠢货！都知道他是尤萨尔了，怎么不想想尤萨尔有多恨我，尤萨尔知道他是我徒弟后，会放过他吗？”虫老气骂。
"That little idiot! I know that he is Yusar, why don't you want to think about how much Yusar hates me, will Yusar let him go after knowing that he is my apprentice? "The worm scolded angrily.
雷木：“小叶子没跟我说尤萨尔和您之间的恩怨，但他应该已经做了提防，否则这时候就不只是失踪。”
Remu: "Xiao Yezi didn't tell me about the grudge between Yusar and you, but he should have taken precautions, otherwise he wouldn't just be missing at this time." ”
“但那小子太托大了。他肯定是仗着自己有……”虫老把后面几个字咽了回去，但所有了解王叶的人都知道虫老指的是什么。
"But that kid is too big. He must be relying on his own ......" Worm Lao swallowed back the last few words, but everyone who knew Wang Ye knew what Worm Elder meant.
闻笛也道：“那小子九成是想看看这位前园长是想干什么，说不定还想摸摸他的底。”
Wen Di also said: "That kid Jiucheng wants to see what the former director wants to do, maybe he wants to touch his bottom." ”
虫老闷闷道：“尤萨尔就算当年受了重伤，实力大跌，也不是这小兔崽子能抵抗的，而且尤萨尔能做上园长，脑子也不算太差。他就不能等我们来？”
The insect elder said sullenly: "Even if Yusar was seriously injured back then and his strength plummeted, it is not something that this little rabbit cub can resist, and Yusar can be the head of the garden, and his brain is not too bad." Can't he wait for us to come? ”
兰道说了一句公道话：“小叶子也不知道我们要过来。”
Landau said a fair word: "Xiao Yezi didn't know that we were coming." ”
迪普大师都傻眼了，他用了多年的助手，也是获得他最多信任的助手莱维竟然是陨星那个出逃的药园前园长？
Master Dipu was dumbfounded, Levi, the assistant he had used for many years and the assistant he trusted the most, turned out to be the former director of the medicine garden who escaped from the meteorite?
汲睿很无语，陨星前任药园园长犯事被陨星执法队抓捕，要关押五年，结果逃跑的事，他也听到过传闻。
他还特地关心（嘲笑）了时穿行，然后从时穿行那里得知了事情的大概。
护短，他能理解。谁还没有亲人呢？
亲人犯错，自家人一般都会第一时间选择包庇，这是人之常情。
可是包庇那也要看事情的严重性，那个尤妮斯都害死多少学生了？
那就是个心理变态，留着就是个祸害。作为叔父，真不想侄女犯错，要么在发现时就第一时间阻止，然后看紧她、教育她、掰正她，要么就直接把人关起来，总之不应该是掩饰犯罪痕迹和放任。
前面都做错了，那后面被人抓了，那就老实承认错误也好吧。担起自己应担的责任，该服罪就服罪，别人会骂你，但也会赞你一声有担当。
可这位竟然逃了，更对执法者和行刑者满怀仇恨，如今还高喊着要为自己那害死许多人的变态侄女报仇，而导致去害一个完全无辜的九岁孩子。这真的是长辈对后辈的爱吗？
只能说这一家子可能脑子都不正常，那个叫尤妮斯的女孩的变态说不定根子就在上一代。
汲睿摇摇头，对着闻笛等人，做了个他一定会保守秘密的手势。
虫老压根不在乎事情泄露出去，虽说家丑不好外扬，但无论是他还是学校，在这件事上都没有丝毫亏心之处，就是对不起那些已经被害的学生。
The worm doesn't care about the leakage of things at all, although the ugliness of the family is not easy to publicize, but neither he nor the school has the slightest loss in this matter, that is, he is sorry for the students who have been killed.
但如果不是尤萨尔在里面捣鬼，为他侄女遮掩和抹掉犯罪痕迹，学校也不会花了那么久时间才找到尤妮斯头上。
But if it weren't for Yusar playing tricks inside, covering up and erasing the traces of his niece's crimes, the school wouldn't have taken so long to find Eunice's head.
“审问的事就交给我吧。”闻笛微微一笑，撸起了袖子。
"Leave the interrogation to me." Wen Di smiled slightly and rolled up his sleeves.
“审问要审，这里面也要去看看。”虫老转而看向迪普。
"The interrogation is going to be interrogated, and we have to go and see it here." Worm turned to look at Dip.
迪普满是幽怨地瞪向虫老：明明是你们自己的仇怨，却牵连到我身上，连我的魔法塔都毁了三分之一！你们赔！
Dipu glared at the worm elder with resentment: "It's obviously your own grudge, but it has implicated me, and even my magic tower has been destroyed by a third!" You pay!
虫老看懂了他的眼神，特别不讲理地瞪回去：人是你聘请的，谁让你眼瞎找了这么一个家伙。我还没说你害我徒弟进了狼窝！
The worm elder understood his eyes, and glared back unreasonably: The person was hired by you, who made you blind to find such a guy. I haven't said you killed my apprentice in the wolf's den!
虫老还催促迪普大师：“快开门，还等什么？难不成你也……”
The worm elder also urged Master Dipu: "Open the door quickly, what are you waiting for?" Is it possible that you are ...... too"
迪普大师啪地就把那扇紧闭的门给拍开了，还气呼呼地率先走了进去。
Master Dipp slammed the closed door open, and walked in with a huff.
莱维的工作间，迪普大师已经很久没有进来过。 In Levy's workshop, Master Deepp hadn't been in for a long time.
他信任莱维，平时甚至不会特意去看莱维在工作间做了什么，这份信任，还让他撤离了对莱维工作间的监控。
He trusted Lévy, and he usually didn't even go out of his way to see what Lévy was doing in the workshop, and this trust also led him to withdraw from the monitoring of Lévy's workshop.
不管怎么说，老板监控他人工作，对于员工来说其实都是一件很不礼貌的事情。
In any case, it is actually very rude for employees to monitor the work of others.
可这份信任，在今天给他换来了什么？ But what did this trust get him in exchange for today?
雷木越前，领着众人来到一个架子边。 Lei Mu stepped forward and led everyone to a shelf.
“地点就在这附近，应该就在这个架子后面。这后面是不是有夹墙？”雷木问迪普大师。
"The location is around here, it should be behind this shelf. Is there a sandwich wall behind this? Remu asked Master Deep.
迪普大师扫过整个工作间，他手一抬，工作间的物品全都浮起，一道光线围着墙角蔓延。
Master Dipper swept across the workshop, and as soon as he lifted his hand, all the items in the workshop floated, and a ray of light spread around the corner.
光线原本应该构成一个正长方形，可现在这个长方形靠近右边墙角的底边出现了一个凹口。
The light was supposed to form a regular rectangle, but now there is a notch in the bottom of the rectangle near the right corner.
如果对这个房间建筑格局不熟悉的人，还以为这个房间原本就是这样。
If you are not familiar with the architectural layout of this room, you still think that this room is originally like this.
但迪普知道不是。 But Dipp knew it wasn't.
他挥手移开货架，露出后面墙壁。 He waved away the shelves, revealing the wall behind him.
墙壁上做了手脚，但这瞒不过一名炼金大师。 There are hands and feet on the walls, but this is not a hidden alchemist.
“不能强行攻破，会爆炸。”迪普道。 "You can't force it, it's going to explode." Dip Road.
迪普在略略探寻后，就找到了一个密码锁，这是一个魔纹密码锁。
After a little searching, Dipper found a combination lock, which was a magic combination lock.
迪普尝试两次失败，最后一次他迟疑了，跟几人说：“这个密码锁的破解次数只有三次，一旦我第三次也破解错误，这个密码锁会把后面的房间彻底锁死，想要弄开，只有强行轰炸，但如果里面有连带爆破，里面的任何东西都会保不住。”
Dipu tried twice and failed, and the last time he hesitated, and said to a few people: "This combination lock has only been cracked three times, once I crack the wrong third time, this combination lock will completely lock the room behind, and if you want to open it, you can only bomb it forcibly, but if there is a joint explosion inside, anything inside will not be saved." ”
“我有一张九级的时间回溯卷轴，可以看到七天以内的场景，包括对话。”兰道淡淡道。原本他是打算用这个卷轴来找自家徒弟，好在自家儿子给出了准确线索。
"I have a level nine time rewind scroll that allows me to see scenes up to seven days, including dialogue." Landau said lightly. Originally, he planned to use this scroll to find his apprentice, but fortunately, his son gave accurate clues.
闻笛闻言摇头，“九级卷轴还是不要这么轻易浪费了。”
Wen Di shook his head when he heard this, "The ninth-level scroll should not be wasted so easily. ”
闻笛转而问迪普：“如果我能把尤萨尔最常移动的几个魔纹标出来，你能推测出正确密码吗？”
Wen Di asked Dip instead, "If I can mark the few magic patterns that Yusar moves most often, can you guess the correct password?" ”
迪普眼睛一亮，“应该可以。” Deep's eyes lit up, "It should be possible." ”
闻笛就拿了一瓶药粉，对着那密码锁盘轻轻一吹。 Wen Di took a bottle of medicinal powder and blew lightly on the combination lock plate.
迪普看着几个亮起来的符纹，略微一推算就知道正确密码是什么了。
Dipper looked at a few of the runes that lit up, and with a little calculation, he knew what the correct password was.
这间密室的门终于被打开！ The door to this chamber has finally been opened!
迪普开门的时候，众人都足够小心，以防门后还有什么偷袭。
When Dip opened the door, everyone was careful to prevent any sneak attacks from behind the door.
但门后什么反应都没有，待迪普看清室内漂浮的光线都是什么后，发出一声惊疑，走了进去。
But there was no reaction from behind the door, and when Dip saw what the light was floating in the room, he let out a cry of surprise and walked in.
其他人也跟入密室。 The others followed into the chamber.
汲睿为防万一，特意守在门口。 As a precaution, Ji Rui deliberately guarded the door.
“这是……我的设计图，包括最新版。”迪普大师震惊到极点。
"It's ...... My blueprints, including the latest version. Master Deepp was shocked.
“最新版？这么说这些设计图不应该出现在这里？”虫老挑眉。
"The latest version? So these blueprints shouldn't be here? The old worm raised an eyebrow.
迪普沉默。他还发现了一份材料清单，有这些材料清单，加上这些设计图，只要有一个和他水平差不多的炼金大师，就有很大可能把他要做的东西炼制出来。
Deepp was silent. He also found a list of materials, and with these lists of materials, plus these blueprints, as long as there was an alchemist of the same level as him, there was a high probability that he would refine what he was going to do.
虽然那东西，他还没有最后完成。 Although that thing, he hasn't finished it yet.
“你最好看看你还少了什么。”闻笛中肯地道。 "You'd better see what you're missing." Listen to the flute and be authentic.
迪普不用闻笛叮嘱，也会这么做。 Deepp doesn't have to listen to the flute to do the same.
虫老：“你这研究的是什么东西？算了，你等会再说。雷木，你先看看之前小叶子消失的坐标点在哪里？”
Worm Boss: "What are you studying?" Forget it, you'll talk about it later. Lei Mu, let's take a look at where the coordinates of the small leaves disappeared before? ”
雷木指了指自己的脚下：“就是这里。” Lei Mu pointed to his feet, "This is it." ”
几位大师分别展开自己的能力开始调查。 Several masters unfolded their abilities and began to investigate.
兰道最干脆，放出了一张只能回溯三个小时以内现场情况的时间回溯卷轴。
Landau was the most straightforward, releasing a time rewind scroll that could only go back to the scene within three hours.
于是，在场几个人都看到了王叶观察这个房间里的设计图，最后被突然出现的空间裂缝吸入的一幕。
As a result, several people present saw the scene where Wang Ye observed the design of this room, and was finally sucked in by the sudden spatial crack.
迪普大师脸色不但难看，更苍白。此时他忽然庆幸起来，庆幸能出小叶子这件事，庆幸及早发现了这个房间。
Master Deep's face was not only ugly, but even paler. At this time, he suddenly became glad, glad that he was able to make a small leaf, and he was glad that he had discovered this room earlier.
以他对莱维不设防的程度，恐怕莱维想要害死他，会很轻易。
With the extent that he is defenseless against Lévy, I'm afraid that Lévy will easily want to kill him.
毕竟莱维可是跟他实力差不多的陨星前园长，就算他实际感受到的实力似乎有些不如他，但有心算无心，他真的很难躲过对方的暗算。
After all, Levi is the former head of the Meteorite Sect who is about the same strength as him, even if the strength he actually feels seems to be a little inferior to him, but with mental calculations or unintentional, it is really difficult for him to avoid the other party's secret calculations.
何况这里还有一个空间裂缝！ What's more, there's a spatial rift here!
别说他只有九级，就算他达到十级，就能躲得过空间裂缝的强大力量了吗？
Not to mention that he is only level nine, even if he reaches level ten, will he be able to dodge the powerful power of the spatial rift?
如果有人再故意破坏这条空间裂缝呢？ What if someone deliberately destroys this spatial rift again?
只怕他和他的巨角屋都要被这条空间裂缝爆炸引起的庞大能量给绞成粉碎！
I'm afraid that he and his giant horned house will be crushed by the huge energy caused by the explosion of this spatial crack!
不管莱维是为了什么目的来到他身边，他想要盗窃他的研究成果“能量湮灭仪”这点是肯定跑不掉了。
Whatever purpose Levy came to him for, he couldn't get away with stealing his research result, the Energy Annihilation Instrument.
而那东西如果真的研究出来，杀伤力会有多么可怕，又有多么重要？如果这东西被一个心怀仇恨的变态人渣盗走，这后果谁能承担得起？
And if that thing is really studied, how terrible and important will it be? If this thing is stolen by a perverted scumbag with hatred in his heart, who can afford the consequences?
迪普大师后怕得冷汗都流了下来。 Master Dip was so frightened that cold sweat flowed down.
幸好！幸好小叶子来他这里了，幸好那个尤萨尔没忍住对小叶子出手了，幸好……
Fortunately! Fortunately, Xiao Yezi came to him, but fortunately, that Yusar couldn't help but make a move on Xiao Yezi, fortunately......
另一头，王叶正在面对一地的虫子，目瞪口呆中。 On the other side, Wang Ye was facing insects in a place, dumbfounded.
之前经过田地的时候，他只看到了田园美。 When he passed by the fields before, he only saw the beauty of the countryside.
但走近就不一样了。这些田地中的作物上竟然有无数白点小虫在爬来爬去。
But it's different when you get closer. There are countless white-spotted insects crawling on the crops in these fields.
作物们看着还有点精神，可能都靠木精灵们的能量在支撑。
The crops still look a little energetic, probably supported by the energy of the wood elves.
实际上这些作物的叶片和根茎伤害都很大，不但被吃掉不少，还有不少部位发黑。
In fact, the leaves and rhizomes of these crops are very harmful, not only are they eaten a lot, but many parts are blackened.
“这是白蛛魔螨，别看只是二级魔虫。可这种小虫子非常讨厌，生殖力强大，传染性强大，还很难消灭。最近我们在田地里发现的这批白蛛魔螨似乎还变异了，更难消灭。药物已经不管用，必须要我们一株株作物去除虫，把那些魔螨给杀死。但……太多了。”
"This is a white spider demon mite, don't look at it as a second-level demon insect. But this little bug is very annoying, fertile, contagious, and difficult to eliminate. The batch of white spider mites we recently found in the fields seem to have mutated and become more difficult to eliminate. The medicine is no longer working, and we must remove the worms from one crop to another, and kill those demon mites. But...... Too much. ”
阿哲看着大片田地，眼中满是心疼。 Ah Zhe looked at the large fields, his eyes full of distress.
“从现在开始，在上面对你的处理方案没下来之前，你就先在这里消灭这些虫子。你有那么多师父，干掉二级魔虫总没问题吧？如果不能群杀，就一只只来。慢慢玩吧~”
阿哲把王叶丢到田地里，竟然也没有留精灵战士看守他，就这么走了。
Ah Zhe threw Wang Ye into the field, and he didn't even leave the elf warrior to guard him, so he left.
不过很快王叶就知道为什么精灵战士们这么放心了，因为他周围冒出了好多小精灵。
But soon Wang Ye knew why the elven warriors were so relieved, because there were a lot of elves around him.
这些小精灵都对他好奇得很，大概他跑到什么地方，他们都会发现。
The elves were very curious about him, and they would probably find him wherever he ran.
而田地中也始终有成年精灵在劳作，还有精灵战士在不断巡逻。
And there are always adult elves working in the fields, and elven warriors are constantly patrolling.
王叶磨牙。怪不得系统给出五万点的高额奖励，原来这些虫子竟然这么麻烦。
King leaf molars. No wonder the system gives a high reward of 50,000 points, it turns out that these bugs are so troublesome.
王叶试着联络雷木，没能成功。大概是秘境的空间阻挡效用。
不过他有秘境钥匙，想离开随时都能离开。 However, he has the secret realm key, and he can leave whenever he wants.
现在嘛，那就先研究研究怎么清除这些虫子吧，等晚上再回去找雷木。
Now, let's study how to get rid of these bugs first, and then go back to Lei Mu in the evening.
王叶抓了几只虫子，用各种药液进行分析。 Wang Ye caught a few insects and analyzed them with various medicinal liquids.
其他精灵看他蹲在田地边忙忙碌碌，只当小孩在玩耍。 The other elves saw him crouching at the edge of the field, busy as a child.
实际上那位巡逻队长在跟王叶提出要他除虫的要求时，更多也是给小孩找点事做，并没有指望他真的能除虫。
In fact, when the patrol leader asked Wang Ye to ask him to get rid of insects, he was more looking for something to do for the child, and he didn't expect him to really get rid of insects.
有小精灵凑过来围观，那个叫阿凌的少年最好奇。 There were elves who came over to watch, and the young man named Ah Ling was the most curious.
“小耗子，你在做什么？” "Little mouse, what are you doing?"
王叶没理会这个小鬼头。他很忙的好吧！ Wang Ye ignored this little ghost. He's busy, okay!
“哇哦，这是什么药剂，竟然能杀死白蛛魔螨？”阿凌惊奇了。
"Wow, what kind of potion is this, it can actually kill the white spider demon mites?" Ah Ling was surprised.
王叶还在盯着那些死掉的魔螨……下面垫着的叶片看，这药液虽然能杀死魔螨，可同样对植物伤害也大。
Wang Ye was still staring at the dead demon mites...... Judging from the leaves underneath, although this liquid can kill demon mites, it is also very harmful to plants.
不过经过一番测试，他倒是大致知道了这种魔螨的特性和弱点。
However, after some testing, he had a rough idea of the characteristics and weaknesses of this magic mite.
他可是虫老魔的弟子，对付这些小虫子还不是手到擒来？
He's a disciple of the old worm demon, isn't it easy to deal with these little bugs?
“小光，你们吃开胃小食的时候到了！”王叶特别牛气地一挥手。
"Xiaoguang, it's time for you to eat hors d'oeuvres!" Wang Ye waved his hand very angrily.
大量浮游光虫猛然出现。 A large number of planktonic light bugs suddenly appeared.
小精灵们没看到隐形的浮游光虫，浮游光虫群又进化了，它们现在不止可以隐形，还能随着环境改变自己的颜色。
The elves didn't see the invisible plankton, but the planktonic swarm has evolved again, and they can now not only become invisible, but also change their color depending on the environment.
小光落到王叶鼻尖上，“咿咿！就知道你要偷懒。” Xiaoguang fell on the tip of Wang Ye's nose, "Babble! Just know you're going to be lazy. ”
王叶拍掉小光，搓搓鼻尖，嘀咕：“我养你们干什么的？养兵千日不就用在这时候，而且这些魔螨都是魔虫，营养丰富，你们也不白忙活。”
Wang Ye patted off Xiaoguang, rubbed the tip of his nose, and muttered, "What am I raising you for?" Raising soldiers for a thousand days is not used at this time, and these demon mites are all demon insects, rich in nutrients, and you are not busy in vain. ”
“你就不能用药剂？”疯药王在虫巢里忍不住批评道：“你可是有两个，不对，三个药学师父，结果呢，你平时用药剂的时候那么少。你知不知道我们药剂师都是用药剂作为攻击手段？”
"Can't you use potions?" The Mad Medicine King couldn't help but criticize in the hive: "You have two, no, three medicine masters, but as a result, you usually use so few medicines." Did you know that we pharmacists use drugs as a means of attack? ”
王叶插腰，振振有词道：“这叫灵活应用。我用药剂，就算效果再好的药剂，都会对环境造成一定破坏。这时候最好的方法就是利用自然的力量。什么叫自然的力量？那就是生物圈的食物链，是天敌！小光它们就是这些魔螨的天敌，用它们捕食魔螨，既能让小光它们吃饱增加营养，还能消灭虫害，又不破坏环境，速度还快。这么一举四得的最优选项，傻子才会不选它选药剂吧？”
Wang Ye inserted his waist and said with a heartfelt voice: "This is called flexible application. I use medicines, no matter how effective they are, they will cause some damage to the environment. The best way to do this is to harness the power of nature. What is the force of nature? That is the food chain of the biosphere, a natural enemy! Xiaoguang is the natural enemy of these magic mites, using them to hunt magic mites, which can not only make Xiaoguang full and increase nutrition, but also eliminate insect pests, without damaging the environment, and the speed is also fast. With such an optimal choice, a fool wouldn't choose it to choose a potion, right? ”
疯药王：“……你说谁是傻子呢？小兔崽子！” Mad Medicine King: "...... Who do you say is a fool? Little Bunny! ”
王叶哼唧：“你不傻，你只是老得已经脑子不会转弯而已，要活络，活络懂吗？”
Wang Ye snorted: "You're not stupid, you're just so old that your brain can't turn, you want to be active, do you understand?" ”
疯药王气得日常想要揍死某个小混蛋。 The Crazy Drug King is so angry that he wants to beat up a little bastard every day.
靳蜘蛛早就学会无视这一老一小的日常互怼，以前他还觉得疯药王被个小兔崽子欺负，有点可怜。时间久了，他就发现，这根本就是一老一小的相处方式，老疯子看似生气，其实高兴得很。
Jin Spider has long learned to ignore the daily mutual affection of the old and the young, and he used to think that the Crazy Medicine King was bullied by a little rabbit cub, which was a little pitiful. After a long time, he found that this is simply the way of getting along with the old and the young, and the old madman seems to be angry, but he is actually very happy.
没见他刚气得要揍人，现在又跟王小叶叨叨咕咕，一会儿说这个药方不伤害环境，一会儿又让王叶弄点土壤进来。
I didn't see that he was so angry that he wanted to beat people, and now he was babbling with Wang Xiaoye, saying that this prescription would not harm the environment for a while, and then asking Wang Ye to get some soil in.
王叶不肯，他担心土壤里有虫卵，怕污染虫巢里的土壤。
Wang Ye refused, he was worried that there were insect eggs in the soil, and he was afraid of polluting the soil in the insect nest.
“有小光和我在，你怕什么虫卵，快点弄点土壤和水给我！”疯药王叫。
"There is Xiaoguang and I, what are you afraid of, hurry up and get some soil and water for me!" The mad medicine king called.
小云不满了，小树枝虚虚抽着疯药王飘起来的脚丫子：“不要这些土，不好！”
Xiaoyun was dissatisfied, and the little branch smoked the feet of the mad medicine king: "Don't want these soils, it's not good!" ”
王叶眼睛一亮，“小云啊，你也感觉到了？” Wang Ye's eyes lit up, "Xiaoyun, you also feel it?" ”
小云嗯嗯点头，再次用力道：“这里的土壤不好，被污染了。”
Xiao Yun nodded, and said forcefully again: "The soil here is not good, it is polluted. ”
王叶煞有其事地跟着点头：“英雄所见略同，我也这么觉得。”
Wang Ye nodded matter-of-factly: "The hero sees the same thing, I think so too." ”
金宝爬到小云肩膀上，冲着王叶要求：“爸叽，呼呼叽~”他想出去玩。
Jin Bao climbed onto Xiaoyun's shoulder and demanded to Wang Ye: "Dad, huhu~" He wanted to go out to play.
王叶敷衍地道：“等等，别急，我先把这里的情况摸清楚再说。要是这里的精灵仇恨别系精灵怎么办？”
Wang Ye said perfunctorily: "Wait, don't worry, I'll find out the situation here first." What if the elves here hate other elves? ”
金宝：“呼呼叽~”他有伪装他不怕。 Jinbao: "Huhuhu~" He has a disguise that he is not afraid.
“滚蛋。你那伪装就只能瞒瞒学校里那些没见过精灵幼崽的人类。这里可是木精灵村！”
"Fuck off. Your disguise can only hide from the humans in the school who haven't seen elven cubs. This is a wood elf village! ”
金宝在小云身上打滚，他想出去玩嘛，他也想雷木爸爸了~。
Jinbao is rolling on Xiaoyun, he wants to go out to play, he also misses Daddy Leimu~.
要不是他从虫巢偷跑，小叶子爸爸肯定会察觉，他早就自己跑出去了。
If he hadn't stolen away from the hive, Father Xiaoyezi would definitely notice that he would have run out by himself.
小光它们去吃魔螨，王叶就不玩虫子了，他开始这边挖一点土壤，那边挖一点土壤。
Xiaoguang went to eat demon mites, Wang Ye stopped playing with insects, he began to dig a little soil here, and dig a little soil there.
小精灵们好玩一样，屁颠颠地跟着他。 The elves were playing as if they were following him.
那个阿凌还追着他问：“你在玩泥巴吗？你不去抓虫子吗？你不老实干活，我就告诉阿哲哥哥，让他们把你关到水牢里。”
That Ah Ling still chased after him and asked, "Are you playing with mud?" Aren't you going to catch bugs? If you don't work hard, I'll tell Brother Ah Zhe and let them put you in a water prison. ”
“去去去，一边玩去，别烦我。”王叶找了一处平地，堂而皇之地拿出了适合他使用的工作台，非常熟练地开始分析起这些土壤。
"Go, go, play, don't bother me." Wang Ye found a flat land, took out a workbench suitable for him in a grand manner, and began to analyze the soil very skillfully.
“哇哦！”小精灵们齐齐惊呼。 "Wow!" The elves exclaimed in unison.
看到王叶凭空拿出一张工作台，台子上还摆满了看着就很了不起的水晶瓶、坩埚、架子等一系列东西，小精灵们的敬仰心顿时滔滔不绝。
Seeing that Wang Ye took out a workbench out of thin air, and the table was also filled with a series of things such as crystal bottles, crucibles, and shelves that looked amazing, the admiration of the elves suddenly gushed endlessly.
这时候的王小叶看着虽然还是那么小，但他那熟练的手法，再被这些专业工具一衬托，立刻就满是专业感。
At this time, Wang Xiaoye looked at it, although he was still so young, his skillful techniques, and then set off by these professional tools, he was immediately full of professionalism.
成年精灵也注意到这一幕。 The adult elves also noticed this scene.
阿哲带着几个精灵战士又跑回来了。 Ah Zhe ran back with a few elven warriors.
他们没有打扰王叶，就在一边看着他分析他收集回来的土壤。
They didn't bother Wang Ye, they just watched him analyze the soil he had collected.
那名领队翡爵回来，见此情形，也让其他精灵不要打搅小孩。
The leader of the team, Fei Jue, came back, and when he saw this, he also asked the other elves not to disturb the children.
王叶手边土壤快没了，抬头看到阿凌，随手一指：“你，去帮我收集土壤！以田地为中心，把附近百里地的土壤都给我取一些回来，每隔十米取一处，按照圆形辐射，东南西北四个方向都要。今天先给我前一百米的。”
Wang Ye was running out of soil at hand, looked up and saw Ah Ling, and pointed casually: "You, go and help me collect the soil!" Take the field as the center, take some of the soil from the nearby hundred miles of land for me, take one every ten meters, and radiate in a circle, in the four directions of southeast, northwest and northwest. Give me the first 100 meters today. ”
阿凌：“……哈？”指指自己的鼻子：“你在命令我做事。”
Ah Ling: "...... Ha? Pointing to his nose: "You're ordering me to do things." ”
一只大手按住阿凌的脑袋，翡爵领队道：“好的，没问题。等会儿就会给你把土壤送来。”
A big hand pressed Ah Ling's head, and the leader of the team said, "Okay, no problem." I'll bring you the soil later. ”
翡爵亲自安排了几名成年精灵去做这件事。 Fei Jue personally arranged for several adult elves to do this.
阿哲凑近翡爵：“队长，这小孩是在糊弄我们，还是真在做事？我看他好像很是那么回事。”
Ah Zhe approached Feijue: "Captain, is this kid fooling us, or is he really doing something?" I think he seems to be like that. ”
翡爵很无语：“平时让你好好做功课，你不学。我们可是木精灵，那孩子用的药剂你看不出，药植你看不出来吗？你再看他萃取和分析土壤的方式，那是生手和不懂的人可以做出来的吗？”
Fei Jue was speechless: "Usually let you do your homework well, but you don't study." We're wood elves, can't you see the potion that kid uses, can't you see the herbs? If you look at the way he extracts and analyzes the soil, is that something that can be done by a novice and a person who doesn't understand it? ”
阿哲讪笑：“这么说这小孩真有几把刷子？” Ah Zhe sneered: "So how many brushes does this kid really have?" ”
“不知道，再看吧。”就算这小孩没什么真本事，只凭他是陨星的学生和虫老魔的弟子这点，翡爵也不会真把人丢入水牢。
"I don't know, let's see." Even if this kid didn't have any real skills, just because he was a student of the Meteorite and a disciple of the Worm Old Demon, Fei Jue wouldn't really throw people into the water prison.
村长他们也是这个意思，如果这孩子真的是无意间进入这里，那也没必要那么紧张，不过一个小孩子而已。
The village chief also meant the same thing, if this child really entered here unintentionally, then there was no need to be so nervous, it was just a small child.
不过巡逻战士这几天会加强周边巡逻，以防真有不怀好意的人溜进来。
就让小孩在他们村里玩一段时间吧。翡爵想。
等他们有人出去的时候，再去陨星找人，看是把小孩送回陨星，还是怎么说。
When some of them go out, they will go to the meteorite to find someone to see if they will send the child back to the meteorite, or what to say.
“啊！” "Ahh
“你们看这边的田地！” "Look at the fields over here!"
田地那边突然传来喧哗声。 Suddenly, there was a commotion from the other side of the field.
巡逻战士们忙看过去。 The patrol soldiers hurriedly looked over.
翡爵也过去了，扬声问：“怎么了，田地里发生了什么事？”
Fei Jue also passed over, and asked in a loud voice, "What's the matter, what happened in the field?" ”
“翡队长，您过来看看，您看这片田地里的魔螨是不是少了许多？”一名成年精灵指着刚才王叶蹲着的那片田地说道。
"Captain Fei, come over and take a look, do you see that there are many fewer demon mites in this field?" An adult elf pointed to the field where Wang Ye was squatting just now.
翡爵过去，就发现这片田地的一个角落就好像被施展了某种清除魔法一般，这边的作物上的白色小虫子全都消失了。
When he went over, he found that a corner of the field seemed to have been cleared by some kind of magic, and all the small white insects on the crops here had disappeared.
消失得特别干净，几乎看不到残留。 Disappeared exceptionally cleanly, barely visible remnants.
最不可思议的是，作物没有受到半点伤害！ The most incredible thing is that the crops were not harmed in the slightest!
而就算他们出手，消灭虫子的同时，伤害到作物那都是难免的事。因为根本没办法做到那样的精微操控，既要把所有细小如针尖的魔螨消灭，又要能不伤害下方的作物，那真的是为难死精灵了。
And even if they take action, it is inevitable that they will damage the crops while destroying the insects. Because there is no way to achieve such subtle control, it is really difficult to kill all the demon mites that are as small as the tip of a needle, and not to harm the crops below.
他们现在想到的唯一方法，就是先把魔螨捕捉起来，再一气杀死。而这有多麻烦，看村里成年精灵们的苦色就知道了。
The only way they could think of it now was to catch the demon mites and kill them in one go. And how troublesome this is, just look at the bitter color of the adult elves in the village.
翡爵腾地转头，看向正在田边空地上埋头琢磨土壤的小孩，眼中惊讶之色快要溢出来。
Fei Jue turned his head sharply and looked at the child who was pondering the soil in the clearing at the edge of the field, and the look of surprise in his eyes was about to overflow.
“这小崽有点厉害啊。”阿哲脱口说出了翡爵心里想说的话。
"This little cub is a little powerful." Ah Zhe blurted out what Fei Jue wanted to say.
第252章 回归 Chapter 252: Return
下午，来田地这边的精灵越来越多，他们有的是从别的田地赶过来，有的是打猎归来。
In the afternoon, more and more elves came to the field, some of them came from other fields, and some of them returned from hunting.
金水村的精灵们看着田地里像是自然消失的白蛛魔螨都十分惊讶和欣喜，他们就见那片田地中的魔螨越来越少，到傍晚的时候，这一块五亩地的魔螨几乎都看不见了。
The elves of Jinshui Village were very surprised and delighted to see the white spider mites that seemed to have disappeared naturally in the field, and they saw that there were fewer and fewer magic mites in that field, and by the evening, the magic mites in this five-acre field were almost invisible.
有精灵害怕有残留，特地进入田地扒开叶子仔细看，连只虫卵都没看见。
Some elves were afraid of residues, so they went into the field and peeled off the leaves to take a closer look, but they didn't even see a single egg.
真的是干干净净。 It's really clean.
而作物原本是什么样，现在还是什么样。 And what the crop was and is still what it is.
精灵们不由啧啧称奇。 The elves couldn't help but be amazed.
他们自然也知道这片田地发生变化的来源是什么，但王叶那边有两名精灵战士站岗，有他们在，村里的精灵们都很自觉地只是远远围观，而不会上前打扰正在忙碌的小孩。
They naturally knew what the source of the changes in this field was, but there were two elven warriors standing guard on Wang Ye's side, and with them, the elves in the village were all consciously just watching from afar, and would not come forward to disturb the children who were busy.
“那小孩做了什么？” "What did the kid do?"
“不知道啊。总之，只要能真的解决这些魔螨就好了。”
"I don't know. In short, as long as you can really get rid of these magic mites. ”
“我们先给这些作物灌输能量，明天再看看有没有复发。”
"We're going to give these crops energy first, and we'll see if there's a recurrence tomorrow."
在精灵们的能量灌输下，已经除虫的作物立刻就精神许多，就连枝叶都多长了一些。
Under the energy infusion of the elves, the crops that had been dewormed immediately became much more energetic, and even the branches and leaves grew a little more.
王叶忙起来就会忘记时间流逝，等他听到精灵提醒，让他休息时，他抬头一看，都已经能看到夕阳了。
Wang Ye would forget the passage of time when he was busy, and when he heard the elf's reminder to rest, he looked up and could already see the sunset.
这也是很有意思的一点，很多双月星秘境看到的天空仍旧和双月星上的一样，这也说明这些秘境其实原本就在双月星上，只是被遮掩起来了。
This is also a very interesting point, many of the Twin Moon Star Secret Realms see the same sky as on the Twin Moon Stars, which also shows that these secret realms are actually on the Twin Moon Stars originally, but they are covered.
王叶扭扭脖子扭扭腰，活动了下身体。 Wang Ye twisted his neck and waist, and moved his body.
翡爵这时看王叶的神情再也没有了初见时的严厉和凶恶，他眼中甚至带着笑意：“这边是你要的土壤，那边空地上摆放的都是大家送给你的礼物。”
At this time, Fei Jue's expression when he saw Wang Ye was no longer as stern and vicious as when he first saw him, and he even had a smile in his eyes: "This is the soil you want, and the open space over there are all the gifts that everyone gave you." ”
“礼物？”王叶一愣，顺着翡爵手指的方向看去。 "Gifts?" Wang Ye was stunned for a moment, and looked in the direction of Fei Jue's finger.
就见就在他工作台不远处的空地上放着许多大大小小的篮子。
I saw that there were many large and small baskets in the open space not far from his workbench.
那些篮子里有的装着瓜果蔬菜，有的装着新鲜的肉，有的装着精巧的小点心，还有装着鲜花的。
Some of those baskets contained fruits and vegetables, some contained fresh meat, some contained delicate snacks, and some contained flowers.
“这些都是给我的？”王叶觉得这里的精灵也太好客了吧。
"All for me?" Wang Ye felt that the elves here were too hospitable.
翡爵点头：“对。大家感谢你帮助田地里除虫，自发地带了礼物过来。”
Fei Jue nodded: "Yes." Thank you for helping to get rid of insects in the fields and for bringing gifts spontaneously. ”
阿凌蹦蹦跳跳地过来，他手中也拎着一个篮子，老远就冲着王叶这边喊：“小耗子，我妈妈让我给你送我的衣服过来。你不是突然过来的吗，我妈妈担心你没有换穿的衣服，就把才给我做的新衣服送你啦。”
Ah Ling jumped over, he was also carrying a basket in his hand, and shouted at Wang Ye from afar: "Little mouse, my mother asked me to send you my clothes." Didn't you come here suddenly, my mother was worried that you didn't have a change of clothes, so she gave you the new clothes she had just made for me. ”
阿凌心里其实不愿意的，但他妈老凶，拧着他的耳朵说，他把人小孩一路从林子里拖出来，这要是小心眼的人得记一辈子，不赶紧弥补，等着让这份仇恨加深吗。
Ah Ling actually didn't want to do it in his heart, but his mother was fierce, twisted his ears and said, he dragged people and children all the way out of the forest, if this is a careful person has to remember it for a lifetime, don't you make up for it quickly, and wait for this hatred to deepen.
阿凌好冤屈，他刚抓住那人类小崽时，大家都表扬他，可现在他妈却让他拿自己的新衣服来赔礼道歉。唉，成年精灵的世界，真的好复杂~
Ah Ling was so wronged, when he first caught the human cub, everyone praised him, but now his mother asked him to apologize with his new clothes. Alas, the world of adult elves is really complicated~
王叶并不需要一套衣裤鞋袜，但这是人家精灵的心意，再看小精灵一脸舍不得的样子，他就更要接过来了。
Wang Ye doesn't need a set of clothes, pants, shoes and socks, but this is the intention of the elf, and seeing the elf's reluctant look, he will take it even more.
拿着衣服比划了一下，竟然跟他的体型很合。 He took the clothes and gestured with them, and they matched his body shape very well.
看来人家送衣服前，应该来观察过他。 It seems that people should have come to observe him before sending clothes.
“帮我谢谢你妈妈。”王叶笑眯眯地收起衣服。 "Help me, thank you, Mom." Wang Ye put away his clothes with a smile.
阿凌看到衣服凭空消失，惊：“哇，你果然有储物工具，你好富有！”
Ah Ling saw the clothes disappear out of thin air, and was shocked: "Wow, you really have storage tools, you are so rich!" ”
在阿凌眼中，能有储物工具的精灵都是富豪。 In Ah Ling's eyes, the elves who can have storage tools are all rich.
“对了，我妈妈说谢谢你帮助大家除虫，想邀请你到我们家吃饭。”阿凌又想起他妈妈的吩咐。
"By the way, my mom said thank you for helping everyone get rid of the worm and would like to invite you to our house for dinner." Ah Ling remembered his mother's instructions again.
这次王叶拒绝了：“谢谢，不用这么麻烦。你看，我已经收到很多礼物，今晚吃它们就吃不完。”
This time Wang Ye refused: "Thank you, don't be so troublesome." You see, I've received a lot of gifts, and I won't be able to finish them tonight. ”
阿凌也看到了那堆礼物，羡慕的不得了。 Ah Ling also saw the pile of gifts, and was very envious.
翡爵抬手，想要揉揉小孩的脑袋，结果小孩只略略一闪就躲了过去。
Fei Jue raised his hand to rub the child's head, but the child only dodged after a brief flash.
翡爵眼中出现笑意，夸赞：“不错，看来你真的习过武，反应和速度都不错。”
A smile appeared in Feijue's eyes, and he praised: "Yes, it seems that you have really practiced martial arts, and your reaction and speed are good." ”
王叶翻了个白眼，跑到那些礼物那里，把所有篮子都收了起来。
Wang Ye rolled his eyes, ran to the gifts, and put away all the baskets.
不说那些篮子里的东西，只这些篮子就都编织得很精致，放在家里既可以使用，还能做点缀，他兰道师父肯定喜欢。
Not to mention the contents of those baskets, these baskets alone are all delicately woven, which can be used at home and can be used as decorations, and Master Landau must like it.
见小孩没有拒绝那些礼物，翡爵眼中笑意加深，对小孩道：“村里商量后，你先跟我住。我那里有空房间，而且我家只有我一个，你住我那里也会比较自在。”
Seeing that the child did not refuse those gifts, the smile in Feijue's eyes deepened, and he said to the child: "After discussing in the village, you live with me first." I have a spare room there, and I'm the only one in my house, so you'll feel more comfortable staying there. ”
王叶自然明白精灵们的意思，这也是他拒绝小精灵邀请的原因，现在精灵们对他的来历和来意还没有确定，肯定对他还有一些提防，实际上如果不是他年龄还小，又一来就帮他们除虫，他今晚说不定就得待在某个充作牢房的空房子里，外面还得有精灵战士站岗看守。
Wang Ye naturally understood what the elves meant, which was also the reason why he refused the elf's invitation, now the elves have not yet determined his origin and intention, and he must have some vigilance against him, in fact, if he wasn't young, and he would help them get rid of the insects as soon as he came, he might have to stay in an empty house that was used as a prison cell tonight, and there would be elf warriors standing guard outside.
阿凌挥手跟王叶说再见，翡队长的家在村子另一头，和他们家不在一边。
王叶就跟着翡爵走了。
翡爵的家是一栋只有一层但地基垫得很高的小木屋。
木屋不大，里面只有三室一厅一厨一卫。
翡爵用了两个房间，另外一个单间空着，可能平时就是给朋友和队员留宿用，里面的床上用品很齐全，拿出来铺上就可以。
翡爵还邀请王叶跟自己一起用饭，他花了点时间做晚饭，然后就喊王叶出来吃。
王叶只尝了一口，就默默把盘子推开了。
精灵不可貌相，别看翡爵长得一张英俊的精英脸，但做出来的食物不能说狗都不吃吧，已经养刁嘴巴的王叶在食物不是特别短缺的情况下，真的不想这么亏待自己。
王叶从椅子上跳下来，跟翡爵借用了他的厨房，拿出精灵们送给他的瓜果蔬菜和鲜肉，在魔力帮助下，速度飞快地做了几道美食。
翡爵闻到香味，再看看自己做的只能称作可以果腹的食物，就有点吃不下去了。
王叶把做好的食物端到餐桌上。见翡爵家里没有筷子，自己拿了两双新的。
“一起用吧，我做了很多。”王叶招呼翡爵，先盛了一碗汤。
以前他吃饭，都是先填饱肚子，菜饭猛吃，汤可喝可不喝。
但这辈子他不是要养身嘛，平时就很注重食物的搭配和吃法，现在家里都被他带得习惯在开饭前先喝汤暖胃，然后再吃正餐。
翡爵本来有些不好意思，他是主人，却让小孩自己做饭，如今小孩还要分他一份，但看着那堪称色香味俱全的美味佳肴，他也有那么一点点动心，想要尝尝。
“这是蛋花汤？这是炒菜？”翡爵问。
王叶奇怪：“这不是很明显吗？”他今晚做的全都偏华夏餐。
翡爵：“你是白鹿国人？我听说白鹿国那边的人就特别擅长制作美食，尤其他们的小炒别具一格。”
王叶摇头：“我不是白鹿国人，不过我跟白鹿国人学过做菜。”
王叶知道白鹿国人，那个国家的人从生活习惯到饮食习惯和华夏很像，而且那个国家在整个双月星影响都很大，据说双月星很多食物的制作方法包括很多技术都是从那个国家传出。有点双月星文明摇篮的意思。
王叶还介绍道：“这是爆炒兔肉，这是地三鲜，这是凉拌素什锦，还有一道蔬菜炒肉丝。能吃得惯吗？”
Wang Ye also introduced: "This is stir-fried rabbit meat, this is Di San Xian, this is a cold salad vegetarian mix, and there is a dish of fried shredded pork with vegetables." Can you get used to eating? ”
王叶看看被他推到一旁的食物，那应该是一个派？但硬得像石头，口感也渣，吃起来有点甜味，偏偏中间还有肉块夹在其中。肉块做得很柴，又偏咸，这就变得甜不甜、咸不咸，口感特别糟糕。
Wang Ye looked at the food that he pushed aside, it should be a pie? But it's as hard as a stone, and the taste is slag, and it tastes a little sweet, but there is a piece of meat sandwiched in the middle. The pieces of meat are very woody and salty, which makes it sweet and not sweet, salty and salty, and the taste is particularly bad.
精灵平时就吃这个？应该不会吧？ Elves usually eat this? Probably not, right?
如果不是看翡爵自己也吃这饼，他还以为翡爵是故意在整他。
If it weren't for the fact that Fei Jue himself ate this cake, he would have thought that Fei Jue was deliberately manipulating him.
“很久没吃到看起来这么正宗的小炒了。”翡爵笑了笑，“我们这边的饮食习惯更偏自然风，除了肉会稍微处理一下，其他蔬菜瓜果都是新鲜吃，我还怕你吃不惯，特地做了外面人据说很喜欢的肉饼。”
"It's been a long time since I've eaten such an authentic-looking stir-fry." Fei Jue smiled, "Our eating habits here are more natural, except for the meat will be processed a little, other vegetables and fruits are fresh, I am afraid that you will not be used to eating, so I specially made a meatloaf that outsiders say they like very much." ”
王叶：……这是肉饼？你好意思叫这是肉饼？ Wang Ye: ...... Is this a meatloaf? Are you embarrassed to call this a meatloaf?
大约王叶的鄙视已经流到餐桌上，翡爵闷笑出声，到底还是尝了尝王叶烹制的食物，这些食物不是魔食，只是用魔法手段快速处理，就是一般的食物。
About Wang Ye's contempt has flowed to the table, Fei Jue laughed sullenly, in the end, he still tasted the food cooked by Wang Ye, these foods are not magic food, they are just processed quickly by magic means, and they are ordinary food.
但这些小炒吃进嘴里，真的很好吃！ But these small stir-fries are really delicious when you eat them in your mouth!
翡爵原本只是尝尝的心思顿时变了，自己做的肉饼被他推到了一边。唔，他也得承认，他真没什么做美食的天分。
Fei Jue's original mind of just tasting suddenly changed, and the meatloaf he made was pushed aside by him. Well, he has to admit that he really doesn't have much talent for cooking.
一顿晚饭，宾主尽欢，尤其是主人。 A dinner was enjoyed by the guests and hosts, especially the hosts.
美食绝对能调节气氛并拉近关系。一顿饭吃完，翡爵看王叶的眼神已经完全是看客人的眼神，也许提防还有，但被藏了起来。
Good food definitely sets the mood and brings you closer. After the meal, Fei Jue's eyes looking at Wang Ye were already completely looking at the eyes of the guests, maybe there was still wariness, but it was hidden.
但翡爵并不是个善于聊天的人，他也无意和王叶多聊，吃过饭，就让王叶洗漱回房休息，还叮嘱他，让他晚上不要出去乱逛。
But Fei Jue is not a good chatter, and he has no intention of chatting with Wang Ye more, after eating, he asked Wang Ye to wash up and go back to the room to rest, and told him not to go out at night.
“有什么事，有什么需要，叫我，我就住在你对面的房间。”翡爵一边洗碗一边说。
"What's the matter, what's the need, call me, I'll live in the room opposite you." Fei Jue said as he washed the dishes.
王叶点头表示知道，当着翡爵的面回去了他的卧室。 Wang Ye nodded in understanding, and went back to his bedroom in front of Fei Jue.
王叶在卧室里练习柔韧，没有立刻离开。 Wang Ye practiced flexibility in the bedroom and did not leave immediately.
一直到夜深人静，他假装躺在床上睡着，翡爵来看过并回去自己房里歇下，他等翡爵呼吸平稳后才进入虫巢空间。
Until the dead of night, he pretended to lie on the bed and fell asleep, and Fei Jue came to see and went back to his room to rest, and he waited for Fei Jue to breathe steadily before entering the hive space.
为了防止对面的精灵战士察觉这个房间的呼吸变化，他还在枕头上放了一个会模仿他呼吸的小魔器。这都是他平时练习炼金术时做出来的小玩意。
In order to prevent the elven warrior on the opposite side from noticing the change in the breathing of this room, he also placed a small magic weapon on the pillow that would mimic his breathing. These are all gadgets he usually makes when he practices alchemy.
疯药王他们早就等着，小家伙们已经被赶去睡觉。 The mad medicine king has been waiting for a long time, and the little ones have already been driven to sleep.
“你要回去了吗？”疯药王迎上来问。 "Are you going back?" The Mad Medicine King greeted him and asked.
“我试试。”王叶拿出小板凳。 "I'll try." Wang Ye took out a small bench.
“最好不要在这里，利用秘境钥匙穿梭，敏感的人也会察觉空间变化。”靳蜘蛛提醒他。
"It's best not to be here, use the secret realm key to shuttle, sensitive people will also notice spatial changes." Jin Spider reminded him.
王叶不确定翡爵有没有在他家里做防守，比如防止他逃跑什么的。
Wang Ye wasn't sure if Fei Jue had done anything to defend his house, such as preventing him from escaping.
但他的虫巢升级后，几乎可以无视很多封禁，包括空间封禁在内，所以除非有人对这座房子施展十级以上的封禁法术，否则他的虫巢就能无声无息、不会触动任何警示地离开。
But after his hive is upgraded, he can almost ignore many bans, including spatial bans, so unless someone casts a ban spell of level 10 or higher on this house, his hive can leave silently and without any warning.
王叶操纵虫巢，从窗户缝隙里钻了出去。 Wang Ye manipulated the insect nest and got out of the crack in the window.
这房子没有做任何特殊防守，翡爵是个很警觉的战士，他自信就算睡着，隔壁有什么动静他也一定会醒过来。而且小孩子嘛，谁会真的特别提防他？
The house was not defended in any way, and Fei Jue was a very alert warrior, and he was confident that even if he fell asleep, he would wake up to any movement next door. And children, who would really be wary of him?
翡爵其实一直在留意对面房间的呼吸声，小孩的呼吸很平稳，说明他已经睡着。
Fei Jue had actually been paying attention to the sound of breathing in the opposite room, and the child's breathing was very steady, indicating that he had fallen asleep.
而这时，王叶已经操纵虫巢飞到了距离金水村约有千多米的林子里。
At this time, Wang Ye had already manipulated the insect nest and flew into the forest about a thousand meters away from Jinshui Village.
虫巢升级后，速度也增加了许多，再也不像之前飞起来慢腾腾。虽然消耗能量，但虫巢也就是他自己可以日常吸收能量，这能量也包括魔力。
After the hive was upgraded, the speed also increased a lot, and it was no longer as slow as before. Although it consumes energy, the hive is that he can absorb energy on a daily basis, and this energy also includes mana.
而他用魔力的机会不多，他一般都用因果之力，所以这些魔力都给他储存起来用在了其他地方。
And he doesn't have many opportunities to use his magic power, he usually uses the power of cause and effect, so this magic power is stored for him to use elsewhere.
一般来说，一个人体内能储存的能量都是有限的，但王叶有这么一个虫巢，真是有多少能量都填不满，他可以把多余的能量都转移到虫巢中的心之山中。
Generally speaking, the energy that can be stored in a person's body is limited, but Wang Ye has such a hive, he really can't fill up how much energy he has, and he can transfer all the excess energy to the heart mountain in the hive.
这也让他的续航时间要比同级的超凡者长得多。 This also makes his endurance much longer than that of the transcendents of his class.
到了树林里，王叶从虫巢出来，再次拿出了小板凳。 When he arrived in the woods, Wang Ye came out of the hive and took out the small bench again.
“呃，这东西要怎么用？”王叶挥舞几次，可空间没有半点反应。
"Uh, what's going to do with this thing?" Wang Ye waved a few times, but the space did not react at all.
家有一老，如有一宝。王叶家里藏了两个，靳蜘蛛闻言就指点他：“秘境开启一般都需要特定时间和特定地点，在那里可以直接使用秘境钥匙进出。如果是平时，想要利用秘境钥匙进出，你首先得知道开启秘境通道的咒语。”
There is an old man in the family, if there is a treasure. Wang Ye hid two of them in his house, and when Jin Spider heard this, he pointed out to him: "The opening of the secret realm generally requires a specific time and a specific place, where you can directly use the secret realm key to enter and exit." If you want to use the secret key to enter and exit in normal times, you must first know the spell to open the secret passage. ”
王叶傻眼了，“我不知道啊。” Wang Ye was dumbfounded, "I don't know." ”
“我知道。那咒语就在你手中的秘境钥匙里藏着。”靳蜘蛛在王叶把小板凳丢回虫巢后，就拿着小板凳研究。
"I know. That spell is hidden in the secret key in your hand. After Wang Ye threw the small bench back into the hive, Jin Spider took the small bench to study.
一代圣级炼金师的实力，自然不是现在的王叶可以比拟的，靳蜘蛛花了点工夫就找到了破解秘境钥匙的方法。
The strength of a generation of saint-level alchemists is naturally not comparable to the current Wang Ye, and it took a little effort for Jin Spider to find a way to crack the secret realm key.
靳蜘蛛把咒语念了一遍，还告诉王叶如何正确使用这把秘境钥匙。但他也不确定这把钥匙定位的双月星出口在哪里，所以他们出去后有可能在双月星任何一个地方。
Jin Spider recited the spell and told Wang Ye how to use this secret realm key correctly. But he wasn't sure where the exit of the Twin Moon Star was where the key was located, so it was possible that they would be anywhere in the Twin Moon Stars after they went out.
这点王叶不担心，他的虫巢空间和雷木的精灵空间相连，只要两人还在同一个世界同一个空间，他就能直接传送到雷木空间中。
Wang Ye is not worried about this, his hive space is connected to the elf space of Lei Mu, as long as the two of them are still in the same world and the same space, he can directly teleport to the Lei Mu space.
王叶懂了，他把小板凳托在手心里，一边对它输入能量，一边对它念出开启秘境通道的咒语。
Wang Ye understood, he held the small bench in the palm of his hand, and while inputting energy into it, he recited the spell to open the secret passage to it.
小板凳发出光芒，突然飞起，小板凳在光芒中消失，变成了一个光圈漩涡。
The small bench glowed and suddenly flew up, and the small bench disappeared in the light and turned into a vortex of aperture.
“就是现在！快进去！”靳蜘蛛催促。 "It's now! Get on board! Jin Spider urged.
王叶一头钻入漩涡中。 Wang Ye plunged headlong into the whirlpool.
几乎是立刻，王叶就从漩涡中掉了出来。 Almost immediately, Wang Ye fell out of the whirlpool.
好在这次他没有从高空摔落，他出来就是平地。 Fortunately, this time he did not fall from a high altitude, and he came out on the ground.
“好强大的气势，快走！这是圣级，你跑到某个老怪物的附近了。”靳蜘蛛和疯药王同时喊。他们喊的内容不同，但意思一样。
"What a powerful momentum, let's go! It's the Holy Level, and you've run near some old monster. Jin Spider and the Mad Medicine King shouted at the same time. They shouted differently, but the meaning was the same.
王叶也顾不得打量周围，立即进入虫巢，再传送。 Wang Ye didn't care about looking around, and immediately entered the insect nest and then teleported.
原地，一道沉厚的声音响起：“刚才是木精灵那边的小家伙跑出来了？”
In place, a deep voice sounded: "Did the little guy from the wood elf run out just now?" ”
另一道微微沙哑的声音带着笑意道：“不是精灵族，应该是个人类小崽。速度挺快，我正准备抓住他，他就不见了。”
Another slightly hoarse voice said with a smile: "It's not an elf race, it should be a human cub." It was fast, and I was about to catch him when he was gone. ”
“不见？” "Missing?"
“嗯，应该是某种传送魔器。” "Well, it should be some kind of teleportation artifact."
“可我明明感觉到是木精灵秘境开启了，怎么会有一个人类小崽冒出来？混血儿？木精灵会让混血儿住进他们的秘境？”
"But I obviously feel that the secret realm of the wood elves has opened, how can a human cub come out? Metis? Will the Wood Elves let the half-breeds live in their secret realm? ”
“应该不会。也许有人找到了那把丢失的秘境钥匙。不急，只要他还想进入木精灵秘境，迟早还会使用那把钥匙，而只要他使用，我们就一定能抓住他。”
"Probably not. Maybe someone has found the lost secret key. Don't worry, as long as he wants to enter the secret realm of the wood elves, sooner or later he will use that key, and as long as he uses it, we will definitely be able to catch him. ”
这次他们都以为是木精灵从秘境里出来，这是常有的事，毕竟木精灵秘境不是所有资源都齐全，他们也需要和外界保持一定来往，而且木精灵也很关注精灵族和整个双月星的最新消息，战士们也需要历练。
This time they all thought that the wood elves came out of the secret realm, which is a common thing, after all, not all the resources of the wood elf secret realm are complete, and they also need to maintain a certain amount of contact with the outside world, and the wood elves are also very concerned about the latest news of the elf clan and the entire double moon star, and the warriors also need to experience.
谁想到这次冒出来的是个人类小崽，他们刚惊讶，还来不及抓人，对方就跑了。
Who would have thought that this time it was a human cub who came out, they were just surprised, and before they had time to arrest someone, the other party ran away.
但等下次，他们做了准备，不管是谁，除非是半神级以上，否则别想从他们手上再跑掉。
But next time, they are prepared, no matter who it is, unless it is above the demigod level, don't want to run away from them.
“如果真的有人找到了那把钥匙，木精灵恐怕就再也藏不住了。”那道沉厚的声音叹息。
"If someone does find that key, the Wood Elves won't be able to hide it anymore." The deep voice sighed.
“藏不住就藏不住，木精灵一族原本也没打算一直隐藏下去，他们也在等待某个契机。”
"If you can't hide it, you can't hide it, and the Wood Elves didn't plan to hide it forever, they are also waiting for some opportunity."
幽幽的叹息声在这片辽阔的空间里慢慢散开。 A faint sigh slowly dispersed in this vast space.
如果王叶能有时间观察这里，就会发现这一大片都是极为辽阔的平原。
If Wang Ye had time to observe this place, he would have found that this large area was an extremely vast plain.
可这么广袤的平原上竟然只长了两棵大树。 But there were only two big trees growing on such a vast plain.
两棵大树面对面生长，它们的枝叶纠缠在一起，在两棵树之间形成了一个巨大的拱门。
The two large trees grow face to face, their branches and leaves entangled, forming a huge arch between the two trees.
刚刚，王叶就是从这个拱门中摔了出来。 Just now, Wang Ye fell out of this arch.
裂隙战场。 Rift Battlefield.
雷木翻来覆去睡不着。 Reimu tossed and turned and couldn't sleep.
他现在人不在工厂宿舍，而是在三位师父这里。 He is now not in the factory dormitory, but in the three masters.
三位大佬到了安全区，直接租下一片空地，虫老放出了自己的魔法塔。
When the three bigwigs arrived at the safe zone, they directly rented a vacant land, and the worm old man released his magic tower.
闻笛和兰道还没有开始炼制自己的魔法塔，对虫老的魔法塔很感兴趣，就找虫老聊魔法塔的炼制心得去了。
Wen Di and Landau hadn't started refining their own magic tower yet, and they were very interested in the magic tower of the old worm, so they talked to the old man about the refining experience of the magic tower.
闻笛师父已经审问完那个前园长，从他口中得知那条空间裂缝会按照一定时间出现，下次出现还在一个月后。
Master Wendi had already finished interrogating the former principal, and learned from him that the spatial crack would appear at a certain time, and the next appearance would be a month later.
汲睿前辈也是这么判断，这位的专长就是空间魔法。 Ji Rui's predecessors also judged this way, this one's specialty is space magic.
闻笛师父还审问了其他事情，比如尤萨尔对陨星的报复手段和安排还有哪些之类，但这些事情就没告诉雷木。
Master Wendi also interrogated other things, such as Yusar's revenge on the falling star and what other arrangements were made, but these things were not told to Lei Mu.
比起三位师父的淡定，雷木就焦灼多了。 Compared with the calmness of the three masters, Lei Mu was much more anxious.
一个月这么久，小叶子还那么小，虽然他实力强，但到底也在六级，如果遇到八级以上的人，他就危险了。但雷木不是会把心里话说出去的性子，只能自己煎熬。
A month is so long, Xiao Yezi is still so small, although he is strong, but in the end he is also at the sixth level, if he encounters someone above the eighth level, he will be in danger. But Lei Mu is not the temperament to say what is in his heart, so he can only suffer by himself.
而且谁知道那条空间裂缝后面有什么，尤萨尔说是空间乱流，叫嚣小叶子永远都不可能回来，说他肯定早就死在空间乱流中。
And who knows what is behind that spatial rift, Yusar said that it was a spatial turbulence, shouting that Xiaoye would never come back, saying that he must have died in the spatial turbulence a long time ago.
要不是雷木本能知道王叶性命无忧，这会儿他就不是翻来覆去睡不着，而是要直接入魔了。
If it weren't for Lei Mu's instinctive knowledge that Wang Ye's life was worry-free, he wouldn't be able to fall asleep at this time, but would have fallen directly into the demon.
忽然！雷木猛地从床上坐起。 Suddenly! Raimu sat up from the bed abruptly.
王叶同一时间从雷木的空间里出来了，他一看到雷木，就夸张地喊：“木木，你绝对想不到，我今天都遇到了什么！”
正在小客厅里聊天的三位师父忽然一起抬起头。
虫老更是第一个说道：“那个小兔崽子出现了！就在雷木房间。”
三位师父身影同时从客厅里消失，去逮某个小混蛋了。
第253章 师父们排排坐
王叶懵逼脸。
因为雷木把他紧紧抱住了。
“木木？你怎么了？松松，松松，我喘不过气了。”
这只不过是夸张说法，但雷木立马放开他，更上下打量他，还连声问他：“你有没有受伤？有没有哪里不舒服？”
王叶满眼问号，心想雷木莫非已经知道他被尤萨尔算计的事？
他正要询问，人就被一只手给拎了起来。
王叶大惊失色，脱口喊道：“老头？你怎么来了？”这气息，他绝不会感觉错。
不但虫老出现，闻笛和兰道也出现在房间中。
雷木连忙穿上外衣，从床上起来。
“出去说。”闻笛道。
虫老没有回答王叶的话，拎着他就开门出去了。
雷木飞快跟上。
到了客厅，虫老还是没放开王叶，拎着他跟拎着一只小猫崽一样，还晃了晃。
王叶觉得很没面子，但谁让老头年纪大又实力强，他打不过他，只能嚷嚷。
“老头，放我下来。你干什么呢？你知不知道你们今天差点就见不到我了，现在不珍惜，以后……”
“乌鸦嘴！”虫老气得在徒弟屁股上打了一巴掌，这才把人丢到地上。
王叶脸皮厚，反正都是自己人，揉揉屁屁，咕哝：“好好的干嘛打我？”
“你说我们为什么打你？”闻笛笑眯眯地过来，一脚就踹在王叶屁股上。
王叶：“……”虽然不疼，但……兰道师父你想干什么，你为什么也过来了，啊啊啊！住手！
又被抽了一下屁屁的王叶这下是真的跳起来了：“再打我就背叛师门了！”
“哦？你背叛一个看看。”虫老冷笑，在椅子上坐下。
王叶怒：“你们不就仗着我宠着你们嘛。告诉你们，这次我本来给你们准备了礼物，现在没了，没了！”
闻笛噗嗤笑出来。
兰道单手捂住嘴唇。
雷木也忍俊不禁。他差点也跟着出手。
“宠个屁！”虫老脸上的阴霾都消失了大半，指指王叶，笑骂：“你是不是到现在都不知道我们为什么揍你？”
王叶确实不知道，他更好奇地是：“师父们，你们现在是在哪里？我们还是在裂隙战场吗？还是你们过来了？”
雷木轻咳：“三位师父都很担心你，就过来了。幸亏他们及时赶到，否则还抓不住尤萨尔。”
“你们抓住了尤萨尔？太棒了！”王叶被揍的怒火迅速消散，又好奇地问：“你们是不是发现我被人坑了？还发现了那个空间裂缝？担心我出事了？”
兰道拍了拍王叶后脑勺，在虫老身边坐下：“你还知道我们担心？雷木都要为你急疯了，他今天都暴露了魔种身份，还和尤萨尔打了起来。如果不是我们及时赶到，你自己想想后果。”
王叶脸色立变，他一步雷木蹿到身边，抓住他的手臂，把因果之力输入他身体查看的同时，问道：“木木，到底是怎么回事？你在工厂待着，怎么会突然跑去找我？”
雷木感觉到王叶的能量，这才真正放松下来，轻描淡写地说道：“我就是突然感觉不到和你的联系，也无法感觉到你的空间定位，我猜测你可能出事了，就跑去迪普大师那里找你。那个莱维也就是尤萨尔搪塞我，我就和他打了起来。”
王叶抿住嘴唇，等因果之力在雷木身体里循环一圈，确定他没有受伤后，抱住他，蹭了蹭。
“抱歉，我不知道你会突然感觉不到我。我还是能感觉到你，只是去了别的空间，无法传送到你那儿，也无法联系你。”王叶猜测他能隔着空间还能感觉到雷木，九成是因为因果卷上的副卷联系，还有一成大概是虫巢是两个空间的主体。
“没事，这是谁都没有预想到的事情。只要你没事就好，我也不是完全感觉不到你，我能感觉到你还活着，只是没办法感觉到你在哪里。”就像你回地球的时候。但王叶回去地球不可能不跟他交代。雷木拍拍王叶的肩背，表示自己没事。
“木木，以后再有同样的事情发生，你千万不要着急，你要想着，只要我还活着，我就一定会回来找你。可如果我回来的时候，你出事了，我才是真的完蛋。懂？”
雷木弹弹王叶额头。
王叶自认雷木明白了，拉着雷木在三位师父对面坐下。
“雷木坐，你不能坐！”虫老摆出黑脸。
王叶不爽，但他也真的没有坐下，乖乖站着。
“知道我们为什么这么生气吗？”虫老特凶地问。
王叶还真的仔细想了想，回答：“因为我不够谨慎？”
“这只是其一。还有呢？”虫老敲敲椅子扶手。 "That's just one of them. What else? The worm knocked on the armrest of his chair.
王叶只好憋出第二个错误：“我应该在发现尤萨尔的时候，就想法联系战场这边陨星的前辈？还是应该立刻离开迪普大师那边？”
Wang Ye had no choice but to hold back the second mistake: "When I found Yusar, I should have thought of contacting the predecessors of the meteorite on this side of the battlefield?" Or should I leave Master Deep's side immediately? ”
三位师父很是无语，这家伙大概到现在还没明白他的根本性错误是什么。
闻笛翘起腿，问：“你几岁？” Wen Di crossed his legs and asked, "How old are you?" ”
王叶：“十岁。” Wang Ye: "Ten years old." ”
他十月份进入裂隙战场，如今已经过去三个月，翻年他就又长了一岁。
He entered the Rift Battlefield in October, and now three months have passed, and he is a year older at the turn of the year.
“是才十岁！”闻笛加重语气，他知道王叶为什么从没把自己当孩子看，但他必须提醒他：“你的实力在同龄人，哪怕是三五十岁以下的超凡者中，都是强大的。我也承认你精通多门专业技能，活命的本钱也比别人多。但你忘了一点。”
"It's only ten years old!" Wen Di's accentuated tone, he knew why Wang Ye had never regarded himself as a child, but he had to remind him: "Your strength is strong among your peers, even among transcendents under the age of thirty or fifty. I also admit that you are proficient in many professional skills, and you have more capital to survive than others. But you forgot about one thing. ”
王叶老老实实地听着。 Wang Ye listened honestly.
闻笛接着道：“你忘了你的起点比别人高，但因为我们，你的仇家起点也比别人高得多。”
Wen Di continued: "You forgot that your starting point is higher than others, but because of us, your enemy's starting point is also much higher than others. ”
王叶张大嘴巴。 Wang Ye opened his mouth wide.
兰道也点头道：“就是如此。不管是我们三人，包括时校长，还有撒尔曼那边，我们无一例外，仇家都不少。我和闻笛可能还好一些，但你昆师父、时校长，还有撒尔曼，说是仇人遍天下都不夸张。”
虫老默认，但他可不会愧疚。好吧，也许有那么一点后悔，早知道他会收个这么不省事的弟子，他早年做事一定会稍微收敛一点。
The worm acquiesced, but he didn't feel guilty. Well, maybe there is a little regret, I knew that he would accept such an unconscious disciple, and he would definitely be a little more restrained in his early years.
“能被我们称为仇家，还能活到现在的人，你可以想想他们的实力有多高。你才几级？遇到那些老怪物，你只有给他们送菜的份。”
"People who can be called enemies by us, and who can survive until now, you can think about how high their strength is. How many levels are you? When you meet those old monsters, you only have to deliver them food. ”
闻笛浑身都溢满了严师的锋利感，可说出话的却是：“我不要求你要多谨慎多小心，我知道有时候事情找上门，并不是你足够小心谨慎就能躲过。但也请你记住，你才十岁，遇到事情就不要第一时间想着自己扛。叫家长不会吗？找长辈告状不会吗？这可是只有小孩子的特权。等你成年后，你就是找我们，我们都懒得给你擦屁股。”
Wen Di's whole body was overflowing with Yan Shi's sharpness, but what he said was: "I don't ask you to be more cautious and careful, I know that sometimes things come to the door, and it is not that you can avoid it if you are cautious enough." But please also remember that you are only ten years old, so don't think about carrying it yourself at the first time when you encounter something. Wouldn't it be possible to call parents? Wouldn't it be possible to sue the elders? This is a child's privilege. When you become an adult, you're just looking for us, and we're too lazy to wipe your ass. ”
虫老魔冷哼：“我们之前是不在这边，但这里就没有陨星的人了吗？你一个陨星五十年才被选出来的超级天才，师父还是我们，你去找陨星的前辈，不管找谁，他敢不管你？”
The old demon snorted coldly: "We weren't here before, but there are no meteorite people here?" You are a super genius who was selected after fifty years of meteorite, master or us, you go to find the predecessor of the meteorite, no matter who you look for, he dares to ignore you? ”
王叶：“……”师父们，知不知道你们这样很容易教出一个横行无忌的小霸王啊。
Wang Ye: "...... masters, do you know that it is easy for you to teach a rampant little overlord?"
如果王叶不是表现得比普通小孩子都成熟得多，那三位师父现在说的话肯定不是这样。因材施教嘛，他们也就是知道王叶不可能长成小霸王。
If Wang Ye hadn't behaved much more mature than ordinary children, then what the three masters were saying now would definitely not be like this. Teach them according to their aptitude, they just know that Wang Ye can't grow into a little overlord.
在三位师父眼里，王小叶就是一个小邪头，够狡猾也够狠辣，能做英雄但也能做小狗熊，而且比起当个高调的小霸王，他更喜欢低调做事……他以为的低调。
In the eyes of the three masters, Wang Xiaoye is a little evil head, cunning and ruthless enough, he can be a hero but he can also be a little dog and bear, and he prefers to do things in a low-key manner than to be a high-profile little bully...... He thought it was low-key.
最重要的是，这小兔崽子不会真的逞凶找死，他惜命得很。但小兔崽子也有个毛病，老是觉得自己是爸爸，有事他应该顶在前面。
The most important thing is that this little rabbit cub will not really seek murder and death, he will spare his life. But the little rabbit cub also has a problem, he always thinks that he is a father, and he should be in front of him if something happens.
“而且你还有随身空间。既然发现尤萨尔对你不怀好意……你肯定发现了，才会跟着他去他的工作间，对不对？”虫老十分肯定地道。
"And you still have room to carry around. Since you have found out that Yusar has bad intentions towards you...... You're going to follow him to his workshop, right? "Worm Lao is very sure of the authenticity.
王叶摸鼻子，无法否认。 Wang Ye touched his nose and couldn't deny it.
虫老看他这样，就气上心头，冷笑道：“你有随身空间，觉得不对，不会找个理由躲进去，再逃跑，再找人帮忙？最起码，你也应该先联系雷木，让他成为你的后手。你这边就算跑不掉，也可以让雷木先去找人。也省得他吓得差点入魔。”
Seeing him like this, the worm elder became angry and sneered: "You have a portable space, you don't think it's right, you won't find a reason to hide in, run away again, and find someone to help?" At the very least, you should contact Raymu first and let him be your follower. Even if you can't run away here, you can let Remu find someone first. It also saved him from being so scared that he almost fell into a demon. ”
王叶对自己可以不在乎……主要是他有自信可以自保，他还有一堆理由可以反驳虫老，但听虫老提到雷木，他就心生愧疚了。这次确实是他没做好，虽然他没想到雷木和他之间的空间感应会断开，但他怎么都应该先联系一下雷木。
Wang Ye doesn't care about himself...... The main thing is that he has self-confidence and can protect himself, and he also has a bunch of reasons to refute Worm Lao, but when he heard Worm Lao mention Lei Mu, he felt guilty. This time he really didn't do a good job, although he didn't expect the spatial induction between Lei Mu and him to be disconnected, but he should contact Lei Mu first.
要做什么危险事之前，跟家里人事先打个招呼，也是基本常识不是吗？
It's also basic common sense to say hello to your family before you do anything dangerous, isn't it?
如果换位思考，今天是雷木遇到尤萨尔或者撒埃德之类的人，他没跟自己说一声，就自己去对付那些人，然后突然失踪，他这边又联系不上雷木，他会急成什么样？
If you think about it from another perspective, today is when Lei Mu meets Yusar or Saeed or something like that, he doesn't say a word to himself, he goes to deal with those people himself, and then suddenly disappears, and he can't contact Lei Mu here, what will he be in a hurry?
“我错了。”王叶握住雷木的手，老老实实地承认错误，并保证：“以后我有什么事，一定会都告诉你。”
"I was wrong." Wang Ye held Lei Mu's hand, honestly admitted his mistake, and promised: "If I have anything in the future, I will definitely tell you." ”
雷木揉揉他的脑袋：“你不用把所有事情都告诉我，但你遇到危险或感到有什么不妙的兆头出现，一定要告诉我。虫老说得不错，我至少可以做你的后手，当你的应援。而你也得承认，我们俩合成一股力量，比你单打独斗要强大得多。”
Remu rubbed his head: "You don't have to tell me everything, but if you are in danger or feel that something bad is happening, you must tell me." Worm Lao is right, I can at least be your backhand, as your support. And you have to admit that the two of us are much stronger together than you can alone. ”
王叶认真点头：“父子同心，其利断金。” Wang Ye nodded seriously: "Father and son are concentric, and their benefits are golden." ”
咚！雷木敲了下王小叶的脑门，狗屁的父子同心。 Boom! Lei Mu knocked on Wang Xiaoye's head, and the father and son of the bullshit were concentric.
王叶揉着脑门，撞了撞雷木。爸爸就是你爸爸，别以为你找到亲爹了，就可以不认我这个爸爸！
Wang Ye rubbed his head and bumped Lei Mu. Dad is your dad, don't think that if you find your own dad, you can disown me as a dad!
雷木失笑，他已经原谅这个小家伙……他就没怪过他，都是三位师父把他也给绕进去了。
Remu smiled, he had forgiven the little guy...... He didn't blame him, it was the three masters who got him in.
兰道看这对兄弟感情这么好，大感欣慰。王叶是他的关门弟子，跟他的小儿子一样一样。
王叶以为谈到这里，他就没事了，刚准备把他今天的“历险”过程说出来。
Wang Ye thought that when he talked about this, he would be fine, and he was just about to tell him about his "adventure" today.
就听他闻笛师父冷不丁问道：“你炼金术谁教的？” I heard him hear Master Di ask coldly, "Who taught you alchemy?" ”
王叶下意识回：“靳蜘蛛。” Wang Ye subconsciously replied: "Jin spider." ”
虫巢里，靳大佬第一次知道原来这小混蛋竟然还给他取了一个外号，虽然他现在用的魔器身体是很像蜘蛛，但这又不是真的蜘蛛！
In the hive, for the first time, Big Guy Jin knew that this little bastard actually gave him a nickname, although the body of the magic weapon he was using now was very similar to a spider, but this was not a real spider!
“靳蜘蛛？”三位师父一起皱眉，他们都在想这个人是谁。
"Jin Spider?" The three masters frowned together, all wondering who this person was.
“就是靳元辉。”王叶不在意地随口道。 "It's Jin Yuanhui." Wang Ye said casually without care.
靳元辉？这名字很陌生啊。 Jin Yuanhui? It's a strange name.
不对，有点熟悉，似乎在哪里听过。 No, it's a little familiar, it seems to have heard it somewhere.
闻笛第一个有了反应，他露出了震惊的神色：“你说谁？”
Wen Di was the first to react, and he showed a shocked look: "Who are you talking about?" ”
王叶眨眨眼：“靳元辉，两百多年前的炼金王，哦，他已经是圣级了。我在知识之城那里见到他，还和木木一起闯了他的魔法塔，大概是我和木木的炼金天赋还不错，而他本身也想逃离知识之城，就和我们商量，他教我们炼金术，再把他的财产送给我，我带他一起出来。”
Wang Ye blinked: "Jin Yuanhui, the alchemy king more than two hundred years ago, oh, he is already a saint-level." I saw him in the City of Knowledge, and broke into his magic tower with Mu Mu, probably because Mu Mu and I had a good talent for alchemy, and he himself wanted to escape from the City of Knowledge, so he discussed with us, he taught us alchemy, and then gave me his property, and I took him out with me. ”
三位师父讶然，那表情堪称目瞪口呆。
好像解开一个谜了，怪不得小叶子手上有大笔的积分，他还说是自己捡的，狗屁捡的！
闻笛按住额头，用力揉了揉太阳穴：“你说两百多前那位圣级炼金大宗师靳元辉教你炼金，还把全部财产送给你，然后和你一起出来了？”
王叶点头，有点得意地炫耀：“因为我帮他逃离知识之城，还答应帮他恢复青春，他把他的那座魔法塔送给我了，圣级魔法塔哦。”
王叶半点不担心他的三位师父会贪心他的魔法塔，他们恨不得把所有好东西都塞给他才好。
Wang Ye wasn't worried that his three masters would be greedy for his magic tower, they couldn't wait to stuff all the good things into him.
三位师父：“……”要他们说什么好？他们徒弟这运气也是绝了，不过胆子也真大，靳元辉可是圣级炼金师，那位城主会舍得让对方离开？
Three Masters: What do the "......" want them to say? Their apprentice's luck is also amazing, but he is really bold, Jin Yuanhui is a saint-level alchemist, that city lord will be willing to let the other party leave?
闻笛深吸一口气，一指王叶：“你，坐下，好好说。” Wen Di took a deep breath and pointed at Wang Ye: "You, sit down and talk well." ”
“哦。”王叶坐到雷木身边。
闻笛整理自己的思绪，总算找到了想要问的问题：“你答应那位，要帮他恢复青春？他的身体还在？”
虫老和兰道也反应过来，他们之前还以为靳元辉已经脱离肉身转化为亡灵，没想到人还有气？
Worm Elder and Lan Dao also reacted, they thought that Jin Yuanhui had been transformed from the physical body into an undead, but they didn't expect people to still be angry?
王叶点头：“身体还在，保存得很好。”
闻笛皱眉：“你怎么会答应帮一个年岁足足超过五百岁的圣级宗师恢复青春？别告诉我你有办法！”
虫老和兰道也觉得小叶子这答应的也太托大了，完全没数。
王叶只好解释：“也不是完全没办法。那位自己弄到了一张可以让他身体重生、重新激活身体生机的药方，我看了那张药方，基本是要以全部修炼的能量为代价，也就是那位就算恢复青春，修炼也要从头开始。另外，我的空间里有一些对生机极有好处的灵液，把他的身体泡在灵液里，再配合药剂，能让他更快恢复青春并醒来。”
三位师父，兰道和闻笛还好，虫老的心脏重重跳动了几下。
他其实也快到那个时候了，超凡者的绝对衰竭期。
他为什么看到小叶子会动心想要收下他？
除了小叶子本身很优秀、很对他胃口，还有一点就是他知道自己时间不多了，他不想自己学了一辈子的驭虫知识和药剂知识就这么失传。
恰在此时，王叶还道：“我答应那位，也是想试试。如果真的能成功，师父们也不用担心无法突破圣级的问题，大不了我们就从头再来。”
三位师父心里这个复杂哟。他们自然能分辨出小混蛋说的是真话还是假话，这让他们感动的同时也有点啼笑皆非，他们这个小徒弟啊，想得还真遥远。
王叶看三位师父说不出话来，不由嘿嘿笑道：“师父们，你们想不想见见那位？”
三位师父一起瞪他。当然想，这还用说吗？那可是两百多年前的圣级大佬，活的！
不说其他，如果那位肯指点一下他们如何从九级升到圣级，那对他们就是超级收获。
闻笛和兰道甚至还没有达到九级，两人都是八级顶峰，距离九级只有一步之遥。外面人看他们，基本上把他们当准九级看。
而虫老则是九级顶峰，他一直在找突破圣级的机缘。现在这个机缘似乎就要送到他面前了。就是虫老也难免激动。
“那位愿意见我们吗？”兰道谨慎地问。
王叶摆手：“有什么不愿意的？他也早就想见你们了。”
三人下意识坐直了身体，就是爱翘腿的闻笛都放下腿，重新端正坐姿。
王叶似乎半点都没有感到三位师父的郑重，他从椅子上跳下来，对三位师父伸出手，邀请道：“师父们，你们是不是对我的虫巢空间很好奇？那位就在我的空间里面。另外，我在里面给你们各自准备了一栋养老房哦，跟我来。”
三位师父：养老房……这小兔崽子还真敢说！
不过他们真的对小叶子的空间很好奇，再听说那位圣级炼金大宗师也在里面，当即就一起握住王叶的手臂。
五个人同时从客厅里消失。
王叶把三位师父直接带到了小湖泊边，这样可以让三位师父能更清楚地看到空间全貌。
嗯，他好像忘了一件事？
急于炫耀的王叶一时没想起来他到底忘了什么事，好像有什么事要说的，一下子就忘了。
王叶想了想，没想起来，转而想到如果是什么重要的事，他后面肯定能想起来，就把这个遗忘点暂时放到一边，开始跟三位师父介绍（炫耀）起他的虫巢来。
疯药王正在考虑等会儿要不要去见见那三人，还是让那三人过来拜见自己。
他得跟那三个人明确自己的地位，他不是小混蛋的师父之一，他是……祖宗！
疯药王还警告靳蜘蛛：“端着点，别让小辈瞧轻我们。”
靳蜘蛛：“……”之前还期待和小家伙的三位师父一起联合打的人是谁？哦，现在是四位师父了。
靳蜘蛛看在两人都是同一时代，而且也认识的份上，忍不住提醒道：“那三人都是当代强者，不说他们实力之强，只看他们的运势就如日中天，将来突破到圣级不过时间早晚的问题。与其在他们面前拿长辈的架子，还不如平和点好。”
疯药王哼唧：“我怎么不知道你个炼金的什么时候还会看人运势了。”
靳蜘蛛淡淡道：“能收到小叶子这么一个弟子，这运势还不够好？”
疯药王想反驳，忽然发现他竟然想不出反驳的话。
靳蜘蛛干脆点明：“小叶子重视他们可是远超我们。”
疯药王不说话了。他就是因为这点才特别不爽，才更想要那三人能尊重他。
靳蜘蛛没管纠结的疯药王，自己主动过去了。
虫老、兰道和闻笛三人看到一只青色的大蜘蛛就这么出现在他们面前，正想着要怎么自我介绍。
靳蜘蛛先一步开口了，他特别友好、特别亲切地道：“你们终于进来了。早就想和你们见面了，我是雷木的师父靳元辉，也算是王叶的半个炼金师父。”
“半个？”虫老不明所以。 "Half?" The worm is old and unknown.
靳蜘蛛发出笑声：“那小东西不肯正式拜我为师，雷木拜了。”
Jin Spider laughed: "That little thing refuses to officially worship me as a teacher, Lei Mu worships." ”
虫老顿时有种想要揍徒弟的冲动，一个知识之城还活着的圣级老怪物要收你为徒，你竟然还敢拿乔？
The worm elder suddenly had an urge to beat his apprentice, a saint-level old monster who is still alive in the city of knowledge wants to accept you as an apprentice, and you dare to take Qiao?
王叶看到三位师父的脸色，忙道：“我学炼金就是玩玩，雷木会就行。”
Wang Ye saw the faces of the three masters, and hurriedly said: "I learn alchemy just to play, and Lei Mu will do it." ”
三位师父更加想揍这小混蛋了！ The three masters wanted to beat this little bastard even more!
他么的这话说得特别暴殄天物有没有？ Did he say this very violently?
要是让外面人知道这小兔崽子这么轻易就放弃了拜那么一位大佬为师，人家貌似还特别想收他，小兔崽子不给那些嫉妒的家伙给撕成碎片才怪！
If outsiders know that this little rabbit cub gave up worshipping such a big guy as a teacher so easily, people seem to want to take him in particular, and the little rabbit cub doesn't tear those jealous guys to pieces!
虫老朝着王小叶后脑勺就扇了一巴掌，他作为最年长者，就代表三人发言了：“让您见笑，这小兔崽子就没长大，也被我们宠坏了，实际上我听说他炼金学得挺不错，他也就是口是心非，说是玩玩，其实还是很用心的。”
The insect elder slapped Wang Xiaoye on the back of the head, and as the eldest, he spoke on behalf of the three of them: "Let you laugh, this little rabbit cub has not grown up, and he has been spoiled by us, in fact, I heard that he is very good at alchemy, he is duplicitous, saying that he is playing, but in fact, he is still very attentive." ”
靳蜘蛛笑起来：“你们不用担心，我和小叶子的关系和你们想得不一样，我知道他是什么样的孩子，他虽然只是我的半个弟子，但我一样会悉心教导他，只要他想学，我就教。”
Jin Spider laughed: "You don't have to worry, my relationship with Xiao Yezi is different from what you think, I know what kind of child he is, although he is only half of my disciple, I will teach him carefully, as long as he wants to learn, I will teach." ”
三位师父简直要汗颜。瞧瞧这位大佬，脾性多好啊，小兔崽子何德何能，竟然能得到这么一位大佬的青睐。
The three masters were embarrassed. Look at this big guy, how good his temperament is, how can the little rabbit cub be favored by such a big guy.
四位大佬第一次见面，彼此印象就都是满分。
四人说起话来，很快就把两个小的给丢在一边。
王叶忽然觉得有点不妙。怎么他三位师父跟靳蜘蛛聊起怎么管教他的经验来了？还说不听话就打？
雷木看四位大佬聊得很投机，就把王叶拉到一旁，他想问王叶被卷进空间裂缝后都发生了什么事。
闻笛正在听靳王说知识之城当年发生的一些秘辛，忽然感到有谁站在自己背后。
闻笛不觉得王叶的空间里会有什么想要害自己，就慢慢转回头。
一个英俊的老幽灵冲他笑了笑。
闻笛礼貌地点头回礼。
“我听小叶子说，你很崇拜我？”英俊的老幽灵背起双手，自认风度翩翩地问道。
闻笛：“？”你是哪位？我为什么要崇拜你？
“小叶子一直都想把我的大作送给你，但他老是忘记，等会儿我会提醒他。”英俊的老幽灵矜持地说道。
另外三位也注意到这位老幽灵了，一起看过来。
“这位是？”虫老试探地问。
他徒弟这虫巢里都装了什么，有个圣级炼金大宗师也就算了，怎么还有幽灵？
疯药王傲然昂起头，一副超级碉的表情说道：“你们认为我是谁？想不到？老靳，你告诉他们。”
靳蜘蛛：“……”
虫老和兰道：“……”这个幽灵这么弱，还敢这么碉，难不成也是知识之城出来的某个老怪物？会是谁？
闻笛看着老幽灵的脸，越看越熟悉，再结合王叶身上的千木之毒，他的心脏噗咚噗咚飞快地跳了起来，一个名字已经到了嘴边。
Wen Di looked at the face of the old ghost, the more he looked at it, the more familiar it became, combined with the poison of a thousand trees on Wang Ye's body, his heart was beating rapidly, and a name had already reached his lips.
那边，王叶正和雷木说到自己发现好几个秘境漩涡，被靳蜘蛛提醒需要秘境钥匙，他临时想起那个小板凳的地方，一转头就看到疯药王不知什么时候也飘过来了，还一脸傲娇的正在和闻笛师父说话。
Over there, Wang Yezheng and Lei Mu said that he had found several secret realm whirlpools, and was reminded by Jin Spider that he needed a secret realm key, he temporarily remembered the place of the small bench, and when he turned his head, he saw that the Crazy Medicine King had also floated over at some point, and he was talking to Master Wendi with an arrogant face.
王叶终于想起他忘了什么，他怎么把这位给忘了！赶紧一拉雷木：“走，赶紧过去。那疯老头惯喜欢胡说八道，他要是在我师父们面前败坏我的形象怎么办？”
Wang Ye finally remembered what he had forgotten, how could he forget this! Hurry up and pull the thunder wood: "Go, hurry over." That crazy old man likes to talk nonsense, what if he ruins my image in front of my masters? ”
雷木闷笑，跟着王叶一起过去了。 Lei Mu smiled sullenly and followed Wang Ye over.
闻笛这边终于叫出了那个名字：“疯药王？余生不定？！”
Wen Di finally called out the name: "Mad Medicine King? The rest of your life is uncertain?! ”
第254章 虫巢茶话会
疯药王这个名字绝对比圣级炼金师靳元辉的名头响亮得多。
The name of the Mad Medicine King is definitely much louder than that of the saint-level alchemist Jin Yuanhui.
原因有很多，比如他流传世间的作品很多，至今为止，很多药剂配方还都是他研究出来的，他还改良过很多配方。
他除了擅长炼药，还擅长医术，他在天下间留下了很多关于治疗奇病和怪病的传闻，有些绝症在他手里也不再是绝症。
闻笛医药双绝就是受到疯药王理念的影响。
更不要说疯药王为了研究草药辨认术付出的心血和代价，而且在疯药王失踪之后的两百多年里，再也没有一名药师能升入九级。
当然，这和知识之城大变，最顶尖的知识出现断层有一定关系，但疯药王的惊才绝艳也是所有人都承认的。
Of course, this has something to do with the great changes in the city of knowledge, and the disconnect between the top knowledge, but the amazing talent of the mad medicine king is also recognized by everyone.
疯药王非常满意三位师父的震惊脸色，他淡然而又矜持地承认了自己的身份。
但他也不忘着重说明：“我死前已经是圣级，跟老靳一样。”
But he didn't forget to emphasize: "I was already a saint before I died, just like Lao Jin." ”
众人立刻表示敬仰。圣级炼药师啊，多少年没听说过了。而这两百多年来，就连药王都没出现过，否则闻笛这个八级就要突破九级的炼药师也不会这么有名。
The crowd immediately expressed their admiration. Saint-level alchemist, I haven't heard of it in many years. And for more than two hundred years, even the Medicine King has never appeared, otherwise Wen Di, an alchemist who is about to break through the ninth level at the eighth level, would not be so famous.
“您也是从知识之城出来的吗？”闻笛好奇又尊敬地问。
"Are you also from the City of Knowledge?" Wen Di asked curiously and respectfully.
疯药王摆摆手：“当然不是。我早就认识那小兔崽子，在他进入陨星之前就认识。”
The Mad Medicine King waved his hand: "Of course not. I've known the little bunny for a long time, before he entered the meteorite. ”
闻笛很好奇王叶和疯药王的结识经过，他甚至推测到王叶是不是通过上辈子的记忆知道疯药王就在陨星附近，这才选择了和上辈子完全不同的人生轨迹。
Wen Di was very curious about the acquaintance between Wang Ye and the Mad Medicine King, and he even speculated whether Wang Ye knew that the Mad Medicine King was near the meteorite through the memories of his previous life, so he chose a completely different life trajectory from his previous life.
“这么说，他的千木之毒真的没问题？”三位师父最关心就是这点。
"So, is his Thousand Wood Poison really fine?" This is what the three masters are most concerned about.
疯药王当即傲然道：“当然没问题，那是馈赠，可不是毒药，都是外面那些没见识的瞎传。”
The Mad Medicine King immediately said proudly: "Of course it's no problem, it's a gift, it's not a poison, it's all nonsense from outside that you don't know." ”
“你当初可不是这么说。我还记得你跟我说过，如果我无法解决千木之毒，就是自己蠢，死了也活该。”王叶赶到。
"That's not what you said in the first place. I remember you told me that if I can't solve the poison of a thousand trees, I am stupid and deserve to die. Wang Ye arrived.
疯药王一本正经地说：“那是激将法，你是我选中的传人，我怎么会害你？”
The Mad Medicine King said solemnly: "That's the Radical Method, you are my chosen heir, how can I harm you?" ”
“屁！明明是我把那本破书从抽奖箱里抽出来，自己找出了它的秘密，而如果不是我，你连苏醒过来的机会都不会有，你还偷偷溜入我的精神核，偷窃我的精神力，更害我陨星入学考考得一塌糊涂，差点都没能入学。学校当时还以为我作弊，之后知道我中了千木之毒，又放弃我。四舍五入，你差点毁了我的人生！”
"! Obviously, I pulled that broken book out of the lottery box and found out its secret by myself, and if it weren't for me, you wouldn't even have a chance to wake up, and you sneaked into my spiritual core, stealing my spiritual power, and even more causing me to get into a mess in the Meteorite Entrance Exam, and I almost didn't get in. The school thought I was cheating, but then they found out that I had been poisoned by Chigi and gave up on me. Rounding up, you almost ruined my life! ”
王叶恨恨地跟闻笛师父告状：“师父，这人就是个老疯子，两百多年前他就死了，只是死后灵魂附着在他的药典上，要不是我，他的灵魂也会消散。可他占了我那么多便宜，还不承认！”
Wang Ye complained to Master Wen Di hatefully: "Master, this person is an old madman, he died more than two hundred years ago, but after death, his soul was attached to his pharmacopoeia, if it weren't for me, his soul would have dissipated." But he took so much advantage of me, and he didn't admit it! ”
疯药王再也端不住了，气哼哼地道：“你得到我的药典，就是得到我的传承，我吸收一点你的精神力又怎样？你问问其他人，如果有得到我传承的机会，那点精神力算什么？”
The Mad Medicine King couldn't hold it anymore, and said angrily: "If you get my pharmacopoeia, you will get my inheritance, what if I absorb a little of your spiritual power?" You ask the others, if there is a chance to get my inheritance, what is that spiritual power? ”
“不问自取就是偷！” "If you don't ask, you steal!"
“滚蛋！我指导你这么久，你就这么对我？”疯药王捂住胸口，貌似被气坏了。
"Fuck off! I've been mentoring you for so long, and you're doing this to me? The Mad Medicine King covered his chest, as if he was angry.
“指导我？如果我不是帮你弄到亡灵修炼术，还给了你养魂液、魂力修复药剂等等，你会愿意指导我？而且我不问你，你从来不主动说明。你说说，你有几次是主动指导我？”
"Guide me? If I hadn't helped you get the Undead Soul Cultivation Technique, and gave you soul nourishing liquid, soul power repair potion, etc., would you be willing to guide me? And I don't ask you, you never take the initiative to explain. Tell me, how many times have you taken the initiative to guide me? ”
“那是你对我不尊敬，你欺负我！我不管！你得到我的传承就是我的后代，你养我天经地义！”疯药王说不过王叶就开始老小孩一样的撒泼。
"That's because you don't respect me, you bully me! I don't care! If you get my inheritance, you are my descendants, and it is only right for you to raise me! "The Crazy Medicine King said that Wang Ye began to sprinkle like an old child.
“是是是。”王叶竟然也没反驳这点，只是翻了个大大的白眼。
"Yes, yes, yes." Wang Ye didn't even refute this, but just rolled his eyes.
闻笛：“……”这个疯药王和他想象中的疯药王好像差别有点大？
Wen Di: "......" seems to be a bit different from the mad medicine king he imagined?
“对啦，这就是那疯老头的药典副本，我一直都想送给你们，可前面一直没有好的机会。”王叶拿出三本药典，送给三位师父一人一本。
"That's right, this is the crazy old man's copy of the pharmacopoeia, I've always wanted to give it to you, but I haven't had a good chance before." Wang Ye took out three pharmacopoeias and gave one to each of the three masters.
他原本只打算送给闻笛，后来和虫老感情处出来了，怕老头吃醋，就多准备了一本。
Originally, he only planned to give it to Wendi, but later he came out of his relationship with the old worm, and he was afraid that the old man would be jealous, so he prepared an extra copy.
再后来他和兰道感情也培养出来了，再加上兰道师父还是雷木的亲生父亲，就算这药典对兰道没什么用处，反正复制药典也不费什么工夫，就也给兰道也准备了一本。
Later, his relationship with Landau was also cultivated, and Master Landau was still Lei Mu's biological father, even if this pharmacopoeia was of little use to Landau, it didn't take much effort to copy the pharmacopoeia anyway, so he also prepared a copy for Landau.
三位师父拿着这对世人来说不知道有多珍贵的药典，表情微妙。
The three masters held this pharmacopoeia that the world didn't know how precious it was, and their expressions were subtle.
王叶这运气到底是该说好，还是不好？ Should Wang Ye's luck be said to be good or bad?
疯药王的传承虽然好，但这千木之毒如果没点本事真能解决？
Although the inheritance of the Mad Medicine King is good, if this poison of a thousand trees is not a little bit of ability, can it really be solved?
闻笛更是明白如果王叶没有前辈子的基础，这辈子他中了千木之毒，就算凭他的才智，他迟早也能解毒，但初期肯定各种不顺。
Wen Di even understood that if Wang Ye did not have the foundation of his previous life, he would be poisoned by a thousand trees in this life, even if he relied on his intelligence, he would be able to detoxify sooner or later, but there would definitely be all kinds of things going wrong in the early stage.
更别说这个疯药王还藏在王叶的精神核里偷偷吸食他的精神力，配合上千木之毒，王叶就算再天才，初期肯定也会天资逐渐下降一样，从天才变得泯然于众人，甚至更糟糕。
Not to mention that this mad medicine king is still hiding in Wang Ye's spiritual core and secretly sucking his spiritual power, with the poison of thousands of trees, even if Wang Ye is a genius, his talent will definitely gradually decline in the early stage, from a genius to a fool of everyone, or even worse.
而且疯药王既然有个疯字的名头，你就不能按照正常人思维去考虑他。
And since the Mad Medicine King has a crazy name, you can't think about him according to normal people's thinking.
疯子会在乎自己的传承者吗？也许他们在乎，但他们在乎的方式一定与正常人不一样。
Do madmen care about their inheritors? Maybe they care, but they must care in a different way than normal people.
虫老更是感触良深。闻笛和兰道不清楚王叶当时入学的情况，他可是清清楚楚。
The insect is even more deeply touched. Wen Di and Lan Dao didn't know about Wang Ye's enrollment at that time, but he was clear.
一句话总结，王叶能从杂学院九班脱颖而出，那真的是不容易。
In a word, it is really not easy for Wang Ye to stand out from the ninth class of the miscellaneous college.
再想想王叶之后的种种表现，和他遇到的各种机遇，虫老忍不住伸手摸摸王叶的脑袋。
Thinking about Wang Ye's various performances after that, and the various opportunities he encountered, the worm couldn't help but reach out and touch Wang Ye's head.
就在刚刚他竟然生出一股强烈的自豪感。换了任何一个小孩子，遇到这么多的“机遇”，恐怕被整垮的可能性更大。
Just now, he had a strong sense of pride. If you change any child and encounter so many "opportunities", I am afraid that it is more likely to be destroyed.
富贵险中求，但真正从危险中求下富贵的人又有几人？ Wealth is sought in danger, but how many people really seek wealth from danger?
闻笛轻咳，他手捧那本药典，还算尊敬地询问疯药王的意见：“药王大人，这药典，是否能赐予我等？”
Hearing the flute coughing lightly, he held the pharmacopoeia in his hand, and respectfully asked the opinion of the mad medicine king: "Lord Medicine King, can this pharmacopoeia be given to me?" ”
疯药王一看闻笛这么尊重他，又端起来了，很随意地摆摆手道：“给那小子的，那就是那小子的，他想给谁都是他的事。我从不敝帚自珍，只是我的传承也不是随便一个蠢货就能学得会。”
When the Mad Medicine King saw that Wen Di respected him so much, he picked it up again, waved his hand very casually, and said, "For that kid, that's that kid, it's his business to give it to whoever he wants." I've never cherished a broomstick, but my legacy isn't something that just a fool can learn. ”
虫老和兰道都表示了感谢。 Both Worm Elder and Landau expressed their gratitude.
兰道有点啼笑皆非，这本书他基本用不上，但这是小叶子的好意，他自然也不会拒绝。
Landau was a little ridiculous, he basically didn't use this book, but this was Xiao Yezi's kindness, and he naturally wouldn't refuse.
闻笛恰到好处地送上两句恭维。 Wen Di sent two compliments just right.
疯药王顿时看闻笛特别特别顺眼。 The mad medicine king suddenly saw that the flute was particularly pleasing to the eye.
“药王大人，如果您有时间并且方便的话，我对千木之毒的药学原理非常感兴趣，不知道您是否能指点在下一二？”闻笛语气恭敬地问。
"Lord Yaowang, if you have time and convenience, I am very interested in the medicinal principles of the Thousand Wood Poison, I wonder if you can give you guidance in the next two?" Wen Di asked respectfully.
疯药王飘了，一口答应：“没问题。” The Crazy Medicine King floated and agreed: "No problem." ”
其他人一听闻笛的意思就知道这位可能还不是很相信这位疯药王，想着能快点掌握千木之毒的药学原理，好早点帮小叶子解除这个麻烦。
As soon as the others heard the meaning of the flute, they knew that this person might not believe in this mad medicine king very much, and thought that they could quickly grasp the medicinal principles of the poison of a thousand trees, so that they could help Xiao Yezi relieve this trouble as soon as possible.
王叶感动，蹭了蹭闻笛的胳膊。 Wang Ye was moved and rubbed Wendi's arm.
闻笛抬手，轻轻揉了揉王叶的脑袋。他这徒弟也是不容易，养了这么一窝老老小小，没有一个简单的，全都是麻烦货！
Wen Di raised his hand and gently rubbed Wang Ye's head. It's not easy for him to be an apprentice, he has raised such a litter of old and young, none of them are simple, all of them are troublesome!
小云正扎根在湖泊边睡觉，这几人过来，他就惊醒了，看他们似乎聊完，又看到虫老这个熟人，就把树根一抽，吧嗒吧嗒走过来打招呼。
Xiaoyun was sleeping by the lake, and when these people came, he woke up, and saw that they seemed to be finished talking, and when he saw the acquaintance of the worm Lao, he pulled the roots of the tree, and walked over to say hello.
“虫老您好，兰道师父好，闻笛师父初次见面，我是小云。”他们在虫巢里经常见到这三位师父，都很熟了。
"Hello Worm Lao, Hello Master Landau, Master Wendi meets for the first time, I am Xiaoyun." They often saw these three masters in the hive, and they knew each other well.
闻笛：“……”这是树人？！ Wen Di: "...... "This is a tree man?!"
好像很惊讶，又好像不是很惊讶。 I seem surprised, but I don't seem to be very surprised.
毕竟两百多年前的圣级炼金师和圣级药师，他们都见到了。那么在王叶的这个空间里再见到一个小树人，似乎也不是什么值得大惊小怪的事情了？
After all, they had seen the saint-level alchemists and saint-level pharmacists more than two hundred years ago. So seeing a little tree man in Wang Ye's space again doesn't seem to be a thing worth making a fuss about?
鬼的不大惊小怪！ No fuss about the ghosts!
这可是树人，活生生的树人，还是个小幼崽！ This is a tree man, a living tree man, and a little cub!
虫老帮助弟子解释和介绍：“这是小云，小叶子在药园秘境时遇到的，小云不想待在秘境，就和小叶子出来了。”
The insect elder helped the disciple explain and introduce: "This is Xiao Yun, Xiao Yezi met when he was in the secret realm of the medicine garden, Xiao Yun didn't want to stay in the secret realm, so he came out with Xiao Yezi." ”
王叶炫耀加献宝地指了指湖泊边的大片田地说：“师父们，以后你们需要什么材料，只要不是特别高级的，可以来找我。另外，你们如果有种子，也可以种植在这里。有小云在，十级的不敢说，但九级的应该能种得活。”
Wang Ye pointed to the large fields by the lake and said, "Master, if you need any materials in the future, as long as they are not particularly advanced, you can come to me." Also, if you have seeds, you can plant them here. With Xiaoyun here, the tenth-level ones don't dare to say it, but the ninth-level ones should be able to survive. ”
“还九级？小心一株九级就能吸干你这个空间。”闻笛警告地敲敲王叶脑袋。
"Still level ninth? Be careful that a ninth-level plant can suck up your space. Wen Di knocked Wang Ye's head in warning.
王叶很有自信地说：“吸不干。我的虫巢和靳蜘蛛的魔法塔融合了，虽然我的虫巢现在还无法达到圣级，但能容纳的能量可以达到圣级。”
Wang Ye said confidently: "Suck it can't be dry." My hive and Jin Spider's magic tower have fused, and although my hive can't reach the holy level now, the energy it can hold can reach the holy level. ”
“虫巢？”这个词对于闻笛和兰道都还很新鲜。 "Hives?" The term is still fresh to both Wendi and Landau.
于是，王叶又把当年怎么找到虫巢并融合的事也说了。 So, Wang Ye also told how to find the insect hive and fuse it back then.
闻笛和兰道也跟虫老一样，对这个可以融合进身体，还能跟自身实力一起成长的半生物虫巢空间都充满了兴趣。
Wen Di and Lan Dao are also like Worm Lao, they are full of interest in this semi-biological hive space that can be integrated into the body and can grow with their own strength.
“智慧寄生虫族很麻烦，如果能找出来，最好还是早早消灭的好。我们学校后面无尽森海里的精灵族前段时间就遇到了幼年精灵肚子中生寄生虫的事，我怀疑那种新型寄生虫就和智慧寄生虫族有关。”
"The intelligent parasites are very troublesome, if they can be found, it is better to eliminate them as soon as possible. The elves in the endless forest sea behind our school encountered a parasite in the stomach of a young elf some time ago, and I suspect that the new parasite is related to the intelligent parasite. ”
王叶就把精灵族发生的寄生虫事件大致说了说，提到精灵幼崽，他干脆跑回小楼，把正在他被窝里睡觉的金宝儿揣出来，也算是给金宝过了明路。
Wang Ye talked about the parasite incident that happened in the elf clan, and when it came to the elf cubs, he simply ran back to the small building and took out Jin Bao'er, who was sleeping in his bed, which could be regarded as crossing the road for Jin Bao.
金宝迷迷糊糊地睁开眼睛，一看这么多人，顿时昂着脑袋冲着三位师父叫：“呼呼叽~”师爷爷们好~。
Jin Bao opened his eyes in a daze, and when he saw so many people, he immediately raised his head and shouted at the three masters: "Huhuhu~" Hello grandpa~.
三位师父有人见过金宝，有人没见过，虽然但是……你还有什么宝贝，一气拿出来吧！不要怕我们经受不起。
Some of the three masters have seen Jinbao, and some have not, although they ...... What other treasures do you have, take them out in one go! Don't be afraid that we can't afford it.
王叶看到三位师父那便秘一样的表情，嘿嘿笑。 Wang Ye saw the constipation-like expressions of the three masters, and smiled.
他说完精灵族的事，就顺道提起：“我今天不是被空间裂缝吸进去了吗？幸好里面不是空间乱流，也可能是，但我身上的秘境钥匙直接把我带到了秘境入口。我在那秘境中遇到了木系精灵，那个秘境应该就是木系精灵的新族地。”
After he finished talking about the elf clan, he mentioned it in passing: "Didn't I get sucked into the spatial crack today?" Fortunately, there was no spatial turbulence inside, and it could be, but the secret realm key on my body took me directly to the entrance of the secret realm. I met the Wood Elves in that secret realm, and that secret realm should be the new clan land of the Wood Elves. ”
“你找到了消失的木系精灵？”这可是超级大新闻！ "You found the vanished wood elves?" That's super big news!
几位师父都被震得不行。 Several masters were shocked.
他们不禁再次感慨，他们徒弟这个运气简直可怕！ They couldn't help but sigh again, their apprentice's luck was simply terrible!
闻笛更是用担忧的目光看向王叶，他担心王叶仗着上辈子的记忆，掠取好处太多，会引来天妒。
Wen Di looked at Wang Ye with a worried gaze, he was worried that Wang Ye would rely on the memories of his previous life and plunder too many benefits, which would attract jealousy.
而这世间从来没有只占好处一说，王叶获得多少，必然也要相应的付出多少。
And in this world, there has never been a saying that there is only a benefit, how much Wang Ye gets, he must also pay accordingly.
王叶的目光和闻笛的对上，他愣了下，随后就冲着闻笛师父笑了笑，坦然道：“师父，你别担心，我有数。”
Wang Ye's gaze met Wen Di's, he was stunned, and then he smiled at Master Wen Di, and said calmly: "Master, don't worry, I have a number." ”
“你真的有数就好。有些便宜可不是好占的。”闻笛意有所指地道。
"If only you had a number. Some of the cheapness is not easy to take advantage of. "Hearing the flute means something authentic.
闻言，王叶忽然大大叹了口气：“师父，你不明白，有些好处真的不是我想拿，是它们拼命往我手里钻。当然，这些好处背后都有种种麻烦，我总觉得那些好处就好像故意让我去给它们解决麻烦一样。真的！”
Hearing this, Wang Ye suddenly sighed loudly: "Master, you don't understand, some benefits are really not what I want to take, but they are desperately drilling into my hands." Of course, there are all kinds of problems behind these benefits, and I always feel as if I deliberately asked me to solve the problems for them. It's true! ”
王叶一指疯药王：“就比如我遇到他，不但中了千木之毒，还得想办法让他转修亡灵魔法，更要维持他的灵魂稳定，你都不知道他已经吃了我多少好东西。如果把那些东西卖钱，都能买一个小国家了。”
Wang Ye pointed at the Mad Medicine King: "For example, when I met him, not only was he poisoned by a thousand trees, but I also had to find a way to make him switch to undead magic, and I also had to maintain the stability of his soul, you don't know how many good things he has eaten from me." If you sell those things for money, you can buy a small country. ”
疯药王哼哼，也没反驳。 The Mad Medicine King snorted and didn't refute.
王叶又指向靳蜘蛛：“这位同样，我拿到好处，可也得帮他恢复青春。更可怕的是我还得罪了知识之城城主那个老怪物，如果那老怪物知道我带走了靳蜘蛛，下次我再进入知识之城，就别想出来。”
Wang Ye pointed to Jin Spider again: "This one, too, I get benefits, but I also have to help him regain his youth." What's even more terrifying is that I also offended the old monster of the city lord of the City of Knowledge, if that old monster knows that I took away the Jin spider, the next time I enter the City of Knowledge, don't think about it. ”
王叶又一指金宝儿：“还有这坑爹货，当年我在拍卖会高价拍下它，还以为是什么宝贝，结果切开一看，他么的竟然是个精灵卵，还得赶紧孵化，不孵化就会死，它如果死在我手上，精灵族以后见了我一定会感应到，从而追杀我。之后我辛辛苦苦赚的钱、弄到的宝贝，全都用在孵化这个赔钱货上！”
Wang Ye pointed at Jin Bao'er again: "There is also this pit daddy goods, when I auctioned it at a high price at the auction, I thought it was a treasure, but when I cut it open, it turned out to be an elf egg, and I had to hatch it quickly, if it didn't hatch, it would die, if it died in my hands, the elf clan would definitely sense it when they saw me in the future, so as to hunt me down." After that, all the money I worked hard to earn and the treasures I got were used to hatch this money-losing goods! ”
“更不要说，之后我和雷木把他送回精灵族，结果还得帮精灵族解决他们幼崽寄生虫的问题。你们说说，我这是拿好处吗？我这就是干苦力的好不好！”
"Not to mention, Thunderwood and I sent him back to the Elves after that, and we had to help the Elves solve their cub parasite problem. Tell me, am I taking advantage of this? I'm just a coolie, okay! ”
三位师父不禁细思，好像王叶的“好运”真的和付出是联系在一起的。
The three masters couldn't help but think about it, as if Wang Ye's "good luck" was really linked to giving.
就是王叶遇到他们，不也一样？ Even if Wang Ye met them, wouldn't it be the same?
虫老，脑子中有一只噬魂虫。王叶帮他解决了。甚至以后的绝对衰竭，王叶都有可能帮他避免。
The worm is old, and there is a soul eater in his brain. Wang Ye helped him solve it. Even the absolute exhaustion in the future, Wang Ye may help him avoid it.
兰道，被魔画困住，更和撒尔曼大帝那边有一堆麻烦。王叶不但帮他从魔画脱困，还连带把雷木也带到了兰道面前，更让兰道和撒尔曼弄明白了当年的事情。
Landau, trapped by the magic painting, has a lot of trouble with Salman the Great. Wang Ye not only helped him get out of trouble from the magic painting, but also brought Lei Mu to Lan Dao, and let Lan Dao and Salman figure out what happened back then.
闻笛，被双月的校长坑。王叶相当于帮他脱离火坑，也远离了原本得罪撒埃德一家的危险。
Hearing the flute, he was pitted by the principal of the two moons. Wang Ye is equivalent to helping him get out of the fire pit, and he is also away from the danger of offending Saed's family.
就是那位撒尔曼大帝，他给出继承人这样的名头，也送来了一定资源，但王叶同样得背负起那边的麻烦，同时成为了真继承人雷木的挡箭牌。
It was the Salman Great, who gave the title of heir and sent a certain amount of resources, but Wang Ye also had to bear the trouble over there, and at the same time became the shield of the true heir Lei Mu.
如此种种，细细想来，简直细思极恐。几位师父，包括疯药王和靳蜘蛛都用古怪的眼神看向王叶。
All this, when you think about it, is extremely scary. Several masters, including the Mad Medicine King and Jin Spider, all looked at Wang Ye with strange eyes.
王叶还在一笔笔数落抱怨：“还有啊，我在那场拍卖会上还拍到了木精灵秘境的钥匙。当然，那时候我根本就不知道。后来我把这东西都给忘了，如果不是被尤萨尔所害，我也不会遇到秘境入口，从而进入木精灵秘境。可我一进去，你们知道我遇到了什么事吗？”
Wang Ye also complained with a pen: "Also, I also auctioned the key to the Wood Elf Secret Realm at that auction. Of course, I didn't know it at the time. Later, I forgot all about it, and if it wasn't for Yusar, I wouldn't have encountered the entrance to the secret realm and entered the secret realm of the wood elves. But as soon as I got in, do you know what happened to me? ”
三位师父都摆出了听故事的架势。 The three masters all took on a posture of listening to the story.
雷木带着几个小的，端来了茶水点心。 Lei Mu brought a few small ones and brought tea and snacks.
众人就在湖泊边的小亭子里坐下，一边听故事，一边吃点心，再就着灯光看看风景，竟然很有那么几分惬意。
Everyone sat down in the small pavilion by the lake, listened to the story, ate snacks, and then looked at the scenery by the light, which was very comfortable.
王叶哼哼唧唧地道：“我一到那秘境就被木精灵抓起来，看他们的样子似乎很想宰了我，我就赶紧把你们搬出来啦。”
Wang Ye snorted and chirped: "As soon as I arrived in that secret realm, I was arrested by the wood elves, and they seemed to want to kill me, so I quickly moved you out." ”
王叶看向虫老：“我觉得里面有个木精灵战士一定认识您，我报出您的大名后，他就对我好了很多。”
Wang Ye looked at the insect elf: "I think there is a wood elf warrior inside who must know you, and after I reported your name, he treated me a lot better." ”
“哦？”虫老挑眉，当即回忆他有没有见过木精灵。 "Oh?" The insect elder raised his eyebrows, and immediately recalled whether he had seen a wood elf.
“但他们知道我是您的弟子后，就让我给他们除虫，但那些木精灵似乎不知道他们生虫害的根本原因是秘境土壤出了问题。我和小云都感觉出来了。”
"But when they knew that I was your disciple, they asked me to get rid of the insects for them, but those wood elves didn't seem to know that the root cause of their infestation was a problem with the soil of the secret realm. Xiaoyun and I both felt it. ”
小云跟着点头。 Xiaoyun nodded along with him.
紧接着，王叶就把他一天的遭遇都说了。 Immediately afterwards, Wang Ye told him all about what happened to him for a day.
最后他道：“我还得回去，否则他们发现我不见了，以后我再进去就要真被抓起来了。另外，”
Finally, he said, "I have to go back, or they will find out that I am gone, and I will be arrested if I go in again." In addition, "
王叶再次叹气道：“我已经感觉到了，这次这个所谓的福缘，差不多也是要我干苦力活的。至少得帮那些木精灵把他们的土壤污染问题给解决了。”
Wang Ye sighed again and said, "I already feel it, this so-called fortune this time almost requires me to do hard work." At the very least, we'll have to help the Wood Elves solve their soil contamination problem. ”
“你还能再回去？”闻笛问。 "Can you go back?" Wen Di asked.
王叶点头，拿出那张小板凳：“我有秘境钥匙，随时都能进出那里。”
Wang Ye nodded and took out the small bench: "I have the secret realm key, and I can enter and exit there at any time." ”
闻笛当即道：“你的虫巢能装人是吧？这次我跟你一起过去，那边的土壤问题，你一个人不一定能解决。那么多木精灵，肯定有九级甚至是圣级的高手，他们都不能解决的事，你就能了？”
Wen Di immediately said: "Your hive can hold people, right?" I'll go with you this time, and you may not be able to solve the soil problem over there. There are so many wood elves, there must be ninth-level or even saint-level masters, what they can't solve, you can? ”
王叶当即就兴奋地跳起来：“好啊好啊，闻笛师父你跟我一起去，我一个人还真怕搞不定。”
Wang Ye immediately jumped up excitedly: "Okay, okay, Master Wendi, you come with me, I'm really afraid that I can't do it alone." ”
闻笛都说要去木精灵族地看看，兰道和虫老怎么可能不想去？
Wen Di said that he wanted to go to the land of the Wood Elf Clan, how could Lan Dao and Worm Lao not want to go?
他们都对木精灵族地很好奇，也担心自家徒弟，那肯定是要跟过去的。
They were all very curious about the land of the Wood Elf Clan, and they were also worried about their own apprentices, so they would definitely have to follow them.
雷木也不肯一个人待在裂隙战场这边日夜担心。
最后三位商量定，他们去找汲睿给雷木请假，就说雷木能定位他弟，带他一起去找失踪的小叶子。
王叶高兴得抓着雷木跳起探戈……四不像，反正他就是高兴。
有这么多靠山跟着，他还怕个鸟！
三位师父的行动力很快，他们担心王叶离开一事被看守的精灵战士发现，就由闻笛做代表速度去找了汲睿。
汲睿听说他们要带着雷木去找徒弟，自然不可能不答应。
汲睿还问要不要他帮忙，闻笛婉拒。
汲睿看闻笛的样子，猜测他们大概是从那个前园长尤萨尔那里得到了某些确定的消息，想到这毕竟是陨星的家丑，就没坚持。
而虫老则把自己的魔法塔收了起来，直接住进了徒弟给他准备的虫巢养老房里。
And the worm elder put away his magic tower and lived directly in the worm nest pension room prepared for him by his apprentice.
兰道和虫老都参观过自己的房子，很是满意。 Landau and Worm Lao have visited their houses and are very satisfied.
至于里面的具体布置，他们还可以按照自己喜好修改。 As for the specific layout inside, they can also modify it to their liking.
等闻笛请假回来，王叶就拿出了秘境钥匙。 When Wen Di came back from leave, Wang Ye took out the secret realm key.
“也许会惊动附近？”王叶道。 "Maybe it's going to alarm the neighborhood?" Wang Ye said.
虫老老神在在地道：“不用担心，这里是陨星的地皮。”
The old god of the worm was in the tunnel: "Don't worry, this is the land of the meteorite. ”
王叶也才知道陨星在裂隙战场安全区竟然还有一块单独的地盘，很多陨星前辈都住在这一片。不过为了不让过来学习的陨星学生太过依赖这些前辈，一般只是交代有这么个地方，但不会让学生过来打扰。
Wang Ye also knew that the meteorite actually had a separate territory in the rift battlefield safety zone, and many meteorite seniors lived in this area. However, in order not to let the Meteorite students who come to study rely too much on these seniors, they generally just explain that there is such a place, but they will not let the students come over to disturb them.
“我开始了。”王叶往小板凳里输入能量，并念出咒语。
"I'm here I go." Wang Ye injected energy into the small bench and recited the incantation.
他以为他会被立刻吸入到之前在空间裂缝汇中看到的通道漩涡前，可他忘了一件事，那次他被吸入空间裂缝纯属特殊事件。
He thought he would be immediately sucked into the channel vortex he had seen in the spatial rift sink, but he had forgotten one thing, that time he was sucked into the spatial rift was purely a special event.
而目前王叶并不是在空间乱流中，所以他念出传送咒语，秘境钥匙只会把他送到正常的秘境入口处，再打开那边的入口。
At present, Wang Ye is not in the spatial turbulence, so he recites the teleportation spell, and the secret realm key will only send him to the normal entrance of the secret realm, and then open the entrance over there.
第255章 挡不住的哟 Chapter 255: Unstoppable
王叶被钥匙带着传送到了一个光门前，他有点懵。 Wang Ye was teleported to a light door by the key, and he was a little confused.
为什么不是直接进入秘境？ Why not just go straight to the secret realm?
王叶看到了光门上方的“拱门”，顺带也看到了组成拱门的两棵大树。
Wang Ye saw the "arch" above the light gate, and by the way, he also saw the two big trees that made up the arch.
“哇哦！是我们树人！”小云趴到城墙边沿，看着外面的大树叫。
"Wow! It's us tree people! Xiaoyun leaned on the edge of the city wall and looked at the big trees outside.
“咦？”虫老也在虫巢里发出惊咦声：“原来木精灵秘境入口竟然是在这里。”
"Huh?" The insect elder also let out a startled voice in the hive: "It turns out that the entrance to the Wood Elf Secret Realm is actually here. ”
王叶下意识询问：“这里是哪里？”
“这里是裂隙战场。”一道沉厚的声音响起。 "This is the Rift Battlefield." A deep voice rang out.
“小家伙，你在和谁说话，秘境钥匙是不是在你身上？”又冒出一道微微沙哑的声音。
"Little guy, who are you talking to, is the secret realm key on you?" A slightly hoarse voice came out again.
王叶往后退了两三步，他想看清那两株大树的全貌，也想看看周围的环境。
“你想跑吗？想跑可以，先把秘境钥匙留下来。”一根树根突然从地底冒出，缠住了王叶的脚。
那树根还一点点往上蔓延，很快就把王叶裹成了半个木乃伊。
王叶没反抗，他几个师父都在虫巢里喊让他不要反抗。
好在他打开因果卷，也没看到有谁对他有强烈恶意，就任由树根把他卷起来。
最主要的是，刚才有一股强大的气势扑向他，把他整个人都困得死死的，就像是被某种超级危险的巨兽给盯住。
如果他敢乱动，那巨兽很可能扑过来就是一口。
原来这就是十级乃至更高层次的威力吗？
只是威压，竟然就让他动弹不得。
王叶在心中咋舌，同时也更想要突破玩家九十九级。他想要见到更广阔的世界！
他不求成神，但他想要真正安全、真正能安心养娃，至少要成为这个世界的最强者吧？
这辈子，王叶第一次生出了强烈的想要成为超级强者的野心。
虫巢空间中的雷木感觉到了王叶的情绪，他的眼眸有一丝丝变化，褐色的眼眸在一瞬间转成漆黑。
小云拍拍小树身，惊魂未定地道：“这两个树人好凶，他们很厉害，非常厉害。”
金宝儿已经吓得躲进雷木的口袋里。
那树根慢慢升高，就好像地面又长出一株树。
“小家伙，只有你一个人吗？你家大人呢？”沙哑的声音再次问道。
王叶舔了舔嘴唇：“没有大人，只有我自己。” Wang Ye licked his lips: "There are no adults, only myself." ”
“那你刚才在跟谁说话？” "And who were you talking to?"
“我就自问。”王叶听着虫巢里师父们的吩咐，仰头看两株大树，先自我介绍道：“你们好，我叫王叶，是陨星魔法学校这一批被送来学习的学生。”
"I'll just ask myself." Wang Ye listened to the instructions of the masters in the worm nest, looked up at the two big trees, and first introduced himself: "Hello, my name is Wang Ye, and I am a group of students who were sent to study at the Meteorite Magic School. ”
“这一批竟然有你这么小的学生，看来你一定很聪明。”沙哑的声音带着一点点笑意道。
"There are students as young as you in this batch, it seems that you must be very smart." The hoarse voice said with a slight smile.
“还行吧。你们是木精灵秘境的守护者吗？”王叶问。 "It's okay. Are you the guardians of the Wood Elf Realm? Wang Ye asked.
沙哑的声音道：“守护者？也许可以这么说。小家伙，你的秘境钥匙哪里来的？之前又是怎么进入的秘境？”
A hoarse voice said, "Guardians? Maybe that's right. Little one, where did you get your secret key? How did you enter the secret realm before? ”
王叶特别诚实地把尤萨尔和陨星的恩怨，以及他的遭遇说了一遍，包括他是如何发现秘境钥匙的。
Wang Ye was particularly honest about Yusar's grievances with the Falling Star, as well as what happened to him, including how he discovered the Key to the Secret Realm.
两个树人只用精神力就判断出王叶说的是真话，除非这小鬼的精神力比他们更强。
The two tree men only used their spiritual power to judge that Wang Ye was telling the truth, unless this little ghost's spiritual power was stronger than theirs.
虽然看起来好像有两个出入口，实际上都是同一个。 Although it may seem like there are two entrances and exits, they are actually the same.
只不过他们这里的出入口和空间乱流中的出入口绑定到了一起，这就好像在裂隙战场开了一个空间通道直接通向那个秘境入口，安全又稳定。
It's just that the entrances and exits here are bound to the entrances and exits in the spatial turbulence, which is like opening a spatial passage in the rift battlefield that leads directly to the entrance of the secret realm, which is safe and stable.
而王叶之前不过是没有经过这个合法通道。 And Wang Ye just didn't go through this legal channel before.
“你既然已经离开木精灵秘境，为什么又回来？”树人不解。
"Since you've left the Wood Elf Secret Realm, why did you come back?" The tree man was puzzled.
王叶依然老实交代：“我怕我哥担心，就回去找我哥。结果遇到不放心我，找到战场来的师父们。我师父之一兰道就是木精灵混血，还有一位师父也曾帮助过木精灵，认识他们。那些木精灵之所以没有伤害我，就是因为和我师父有交情。我师父们听说了我的遭遇，确定我没危险，就跟我说做人要讲信誉，我既然答应金水村的木精灵帮他们除虫，事情就不能只做一半。”
Wang Ye still confessed honestly: "I'm afraid that my brother will be worried, so I'll go back to my brother." As a result, I met the masters who were not worried about me and found the battlefield. One of my masters, Landau, is a Wood Elf half-blood, and another master has also helped the Wood Elves and knows them. The reason why those wood elves didn't hurt me was because they had a friendship with my master. When my masters heard about what happened to me and made sure that I was not in danger, they told me that being a man should be trustworthy, and since I promised the wood elves of Jinshui Village to help them get rid of insects, the matter could not be done only halfway. ”
树人呵呵笑起来，口吻也不一样了：“兰道啊，我听说过，天下第一大美人，卷轴大宗师。没想到他竟然收徒弟了。你还有一位师父叫什么名字？”
The tree man laughed, and his tone was different: "Lan Dao, I have heard of it, the number one beauty in the world, the great master of scrolls." I didn't expect him to accept apprentices. What is the name of another Master you have? ”
“昆海，人称虫老魔。”王叶宛如炫耀一样地道。 "Kunhai, known as the old devil." Wang Ye was as authentic as showing off.
树人：“……唔，这位我们也听说过。没想到你竟然会是这两人的弟子。”
Treant: "...... Well, we've heard of that, too. I didn't expect you to be a disciple of these two. ”
王叶摇摇头：“我不止是他们两人的弟子，我正式拜过的有四位师父。还有两位，一位是从双月魔法学校转到我们陨星的药帅闻笛教授，以及我们陨星的时校长时穿行。”
Wang Ye shook his head: "I'm not just a disciple of the two of them, I have officially worshiped four masters. There are two more, one is Professor Wendi, the medicine handsome who transferred to our Meteorite from the Twin Moon School of Magic, and the Principal Shi Xing, who is the Principal of our Meteorite. ”
两位树人生生沉默了五秒钟。 The two treants were silent for five seconds.
“你还是时穿行的学生？”树人的声音有那么点飘忽。 "You're still a student on the road?" The treant's voice was a little erratic.
其他三人不说，时穿行可是圣级。 The other three don't say it, it's a saint-level when they go through.
王叶现在觉得时校长这个师父认得不亏，至少关键时候可以拿出来吓人啊。
Wang Ye now thinks that Principal Shi, the master, knows that it is not a loss, at least it can be taken out at a critical time.
王叶点头：“你们不信可以去裂隙战场高层打听一下，我师父们来找我的事，他们都知道了。今天我师父们发现我出事，差点把炼金大师迪普的魔法塔都给拆了。”
Wang Ye nodded: "If you don't believe it, you can go to the upper echelons of the rift battlefield to inquire, my masters came to me, and they all know about it." Today, my masters found out that something had happened to me, and they almost demolished the magic tower of the alchemist Deep. ”
这小孩是在威胁他们？ Is this kid threatening them?
虽然那腔调不像，更像是小孩子炫耀家里大人对他的看重和疼爱，但树人们在听到小孩报出一连串的师父大名后，他们也不得不承认，他们真被“威胁”到了。
Although the tone was not the same, it was more like a child showing off the importance and love of the adults in the family for him, but after hearing the children report a series of Master's names, they also had to admit that they were really "threatened".
有靠山有后台的小孩真讨厌啊，想一巴掌拍死，把他做成肥料都难。
It's really annoying to have a backer and a backstage, and it's hard to slap him to death and make him into fertilizer.
虽然他们也可以不管不顾把小孩一巴掌拍死，把秘境钥匙搜寻出来，但想想这小孩死掉后必然会带来的一连串麻烦……
Although they can also slap the child to death and search for the secret realm key, think about the series of troubles that will inevitably come after the child dies......
算了，还是让他活着吧。 Forget it, let's let him live.
“你说你答应帮木精灵除虫？”沙哑的声音问。 "You said you promised to help the wood elves get rid of insects?" A hoarse voice asked.
“对。” "Yes."
树人们又笑起来，他们以为木精灵说的除虫只是逗逗小孩子，让他到田地里劳作一番。
The treemen laughed again, thinking that the wood elves were just amusing the child to work in the fields.
“虽然你师父是木精灵混血，但你要进去，我们还是要按照规矩来。”树人不再说让王叶交出钥匙的话。
"Although your master is a wood elf half-blood, if you want to go in, we still have to follow the rules." The tree man no longer said that he would ask Wang Ye to hand over the key.
他们暗中还觉得这小孩挺傻的，他的师父们也挺傻，也不怕小孩回到木精灵秘境就被木精灵们困住，不再让他出来。而做到这点并不难，只要搜出小孩的空间储物工具就可以。
They secretly thought that this child was very stupid, and his masters were also very stupid, and they were not afraid that the child would be trapped by the wood elves when he returned to the secret realm of the wood elves, and would not let him come out. And it's not difficult to do this, just search for your child's space storage tools.
不过小孩在和木精灵们接触后还能保留自己的储物工具，看来也是得到了一定信任。至少木精灵们觉得这个小孩是无害的。
However, the child can keep his storage tools after coming into contact with the wood elves, and it seems that he has gained a certain amount of trust. At least the Wood Elves thought the child was harmless.
另外就是那三位师父应该也有一定把握能保住自己的弟子，并觉得小孩回去木精灵秘境对小孩有益。这样推断的话，这小孩的师父们应该是真的和木精灵有交情。
In addition, the three masters should also be certain that they can keep their disciples, and feel that it is beneficial for the child to return to the Wood Elf Secret Realm. If this is inferred, this child's masters should really have a friendship with the wood elves.
王叶也感觉到了树人们的松动，那种高压下的威胁感也几近消失：“什么规矩？”
Wang Ye also felt the loosening of the tree people, and the sense of threat under high pressure almost disappeared: "What rules?" ”
“我们曾经和木精灵约定，如果有非木精灵的智慧生命想要进入秘境，就先确定对方对木精灵是否抱有恶意，如果没有，则必须要让对方签订一份魔法契约。”
"We once agreed with the Wood Elves that if there is an intelligent life that is not a Wood Elf who wants to enter the secret realm, we must first determine whether the other party has malicious intentions towards the Wood Elf, and if not, we must ask the other party to sign a magic contract."
一片树叶从一株大树上脱离，飞到王叶面前，变大。 A leaf detached from a large tree, flew in front of Wang Ye, and became larger.
“如果你同意上面的契约内容，在树叶上滴下你的鲜血。如果你违约，你不但要受到契约惩罚，也会受到我树人一族和木精灵一族的全力追杀。”
"If you agree to the above contract, drip your blood on the leaves. If you break the contract, you will not only be punished by the contract, but you will also be hunted down by our Treants and Wood Elves. ”
王叶看向叶片上的契约内容。 Wang Ye looked at the contents of the contract on the blade.
契约内容并不复杂，主要只有三点：不能主动伤害木精灵，不能未经允许泄露木精灵的消息，以及不能未经允许带出木精灵秘境中的任何东西。
The content of the contract is not complicated, and there are only three main points: you can't actively hurt the Wood Elf, you can't leak the news of the Wood Elf without permission, and you can't take anything out of the Wood Elf's secret realm without permission.
一旦违约，违约者的精神核会立刻被摧毁。 In the event of a default, the violator's spirit core will be destroyed immediately.
王叶皱起小眉头：“如果木精灵有谁对我有恶意，我也不能主动反击吗？”
Wang Ye frowned: "If anyone in the wood elves has malicious intentions towards me, can't I take the initiative to fight back?" ”
“如果他们动手伤害你的话，就不算你主动伤害木精灵，但你也只能对付主凶。”
"If they hurt you, it won't be counted as if you took the initiative to hurt the wood elves, but you can only deal with the main culprit."
“这不公平，也太被动。木精灵那边是一伙的，他们肯定彼此认识，如果我对他们其中一人动手。不需要其他木精灵对我有恶意和主动伤害我，他们只要排斥我，或者给我弄个罪名，都简单得很。那我向外界求救，是不是也算泄露消息？”
"It's not fair and it's too passive. The Wood Elves are in a group, and they must know each other, if I do anything to one of them. I don't need other wood elves to be malicious towards me and actively hurt me, they just need to reject me or accuse me, it's very simple. Then if I ask for help from the outside world, is it also a leak? ”
不等树人们回复，王叶又道：“我已经把木精灵秘境的事告诉我的师父们，这算不算已经泄露？我师父们如果告诉别人，这消息泄露算不算到我头上？”
Without waiting for the tree people to reply, Wang Ye said again: "I have already told my masters about the secret realm of the wood elves, is this considered a leak?" If my masters tell others, will this leak be counted as my head? ”
“另外，如果我被人严刑拷打，或者被人施展某种惑心魔法，导致我在非自己自愿的情况下说出木精灵的消息或伤害到他们，那也算违约？”
"Also, if I'm tortured, or if someone casts some kind of bewitching magic that causes me to tell the Wood Elves or hurt them without my own will, is that a breach of contract?"
“算。”沙哑的声音笑道：“这就跟你身怀重宝会被人抢，只能拼命保护好自己，是一个道理。不想今后遇到你说的麻烦事，那就把秘境钥匙留下，我会消除你与木精灵有关的全部记忆，之后你还是你。”
"Count." The hoarse voice smiled: "This is the same as if you are carrying a heavy treasure and will be robbed, so you can only desperately protect yourself, it is a truth." If you don't want to encounter the troubles you said in the future, then leave the secret realm key, and I will erase all your memories related to the wood elves, and you will be you after that. ”
王叶垂眸，似乎在认真考虑树人的建议。 Wang Ye lowered his eyes, as if he was seriously considering the suggestion of the tree man.
过了一会儿王叶抬起头：“不对，我不是非要进去那个秘境，只是我想履行诺言，帮助金水村的精灵们。如果进去帮忙还要签订这么苛刻的契约，那我宁可不去了。反正除虫的诺言我已经完成，我只是觉得那里的土壤也出问题了，想要帮他们彻底解决根源问题。”
After a while, Wang Ye raised his head: "No, I don't have to go into that secret realm, it's just that I want to fulfill my promise and help the elves of Jinshui Village." If I had to sign such a harsh contract to help out, I'd rather not go. Anyway, I've fulfilled my promise to get rid of the pests, and I just feel that there is something wrong with the soil there, and I want to help them solve the root cause problem completely. ”
王叶计算时间，现在大半夜过去，小光它们还留在金水村，以小光它们贪吃的程度，这会儿应该把金水村那五亩田地里的魔螨都吃光了。
Wang Ye calculated the time, now that most of the night has passed, Xiaoguang and they are still in Jinshui Village, and with Xiaoguang's greed, they should have eaten all the demon mites in the five acres of fields in Jinshui Village at this time.
如果再给它们两三天时间，把整个金水村的魔螨都吃光也不是问题。
If you give them another two or three days, it won't be a problem to eat up all the demon mites in the entire Jinshui Village.
但如果虫害根源不是魔螨，而是土壤，那么就算小光它们吃光魔螨也没用，其他地方肯定还有大量的虫子出现，之后说不定也会有其他问题出现在金水村。
But if the root of the pest is not the magic mites, but the soil, then even if they eat the magic mites alone, it will be useless, there will definitely be a large number of insects in other places, and there may be other problems in Jinshui Village later.
虽然他不想让木精灵们发现他能来去自由，但如果这两个树人非要他签订契约，那他宁可等一个月后，等到迪普大师家里那条空间裂缝再次打开的时候，再去木精灵秘境。
Although he didn't want the Wood Elves to find out that he could come and go freely, if the two Treants insisted on him signing a contract, then he would rather wait a month and wait until the spatial rift in Master Dip's house opened again, and then go to the Wood Elf Secret Realm.
只不过这样做，一来浪费时间，二来和木精灵那边刚建立的一点信任度也会荡然无存。
It's just that doing so will be a waste of time, and the little trust that has just been established with the Wood Elves will be gone.
但比起签订这个束缚性太大还不公平的契约，他宁可选择后者。
But he would rather choose the latter than sign this contract that is too restrictive and unfair.
树人忽然发现这孩子一点都不老实，还有一点难缠。 The tree man suddenly realized that the child was not honest at all, and he was a little difficult.
“你不进去秘境也可以，只要你把秘境钥匙留下。”沉厚的声音道。
"It's okay if you don't go into the secret realm, as long as you leave the secret realm key." A deep voice said.
王叶呵呵：“我为什么要把秘境钥匙交出来？那是我花了大价钱拍下来的，除非你们补偿我这个损失，不多，只要五万标准魔晶。”
Wang Ye hehe: "Why should I hand over the secret realm key?" I paid a lot of money to auction it, unless you compensate me for this loss, not much, only 50,000 standard magic crystals. ”
树人：这小孩不止难缠，还有点刺刺的，刚才的老实果然都是装出来的。
Tree Man: This kid is not only difficult, but also a little prickly, and the honesty just now is really pretending.
“小孩，你知道你在和谁说话吗？”树人们也很无奈。初生牛犊不怕虎，如果换了小孩的师父过来，哪怕是时穿行，也不敢这么和他们说话。
"Kid, do you know who you're talking to?" The tree people are also helpless. Newborn calves are not afraid of tigers, and if the master of the child comes, even if it is a passing pass, he will not dare to talk to them like this.
可一个丁点大的小孩子，你除非真把他打痛了，否则他可不懂得什么叫面对强者的慎重。
But a little big child, unless you really hurt him, he doesn't know what it means to be cautious in the face of the strong.
“我知道你们很强，但你们再强也不能不讲道理。我有树人朋友，他人可好了，他跟我说树人都是讲道理的，可你们却仗着自己比我大、比我强，在倚老卖老欺负我这个小孩！”王叶昂着头振振有词。
"I know you're strong, but no matter how strong you are, you can't be unreasonable. He told me that tree people are reasonable, but you are relying on yourself to be older and stronger than me, and you are relying on the old to bully me as a child! Wang Ye held his head high and spoke loudly.
“倚老卖老？欺负你？”两树人差点被气笑。 "Relying on the old and selling the old? Bullying you? The two trees almost laughed angrily.
虫巢里的师父们无奈，其实他们觉得那个契约签了也无所谓，但小叶子显然有他自己的顾忌，现在就看他发挥吧。真不行，他们就一起出去。
The masters in the hive are helpless, in fact, they think that it doesn't matter if the contract is signed, but Xiao Yezi obviously has his own scruples, so it's up to him to play now. If it doesn't work, they go out together.
闻笛心里有点不是滋味，他忽然发现自己竟然是王叶所有师父中最弱的一个。
Wen Di felt a little uncomfortable in his heart, and he suddenly found that he was the weakest of all Wang Ye's masters.
这怎么行？ How does this work?
他明明应该是王叶最正统的师父，可现在他竟然不能成为自家徒弟的最强靠山，他不要面子的吗？
He should obviously be Wang Ye's most orthodox master, but now he can't be the strongest backer of his own apprentice, doesn't he want to lose face?
闻笛眼中也生出熊熊火焰，他要尽快突破到九级，尤其在他徒弟已经把通关钥匙送到他面前的情况下。
Wen Di's eyes were also full of flames, and he wanted to break through to the ninth level as soon as possible, especially when his apprentice had already delivered the clearance key to him.
闻笛这么想，兰道和虫老又何尝不是这种想法。 Wen Di thought so, and Lan Dao and Worm Lao didn't think like this.
依虫老的性子，如果不是他打不过这两个树人，他早就出去带着自家徒弟强行闯关。
According to the old character, if he hadn't been able to defeat these two tree people, he would have gone out and forcibly broke through with his own apprentices.
还签订契约？还是不公平契约？签个屁！ Still signing a contract? Or is it an unfair contract? Sign a fart!
虫老想要尽快突破到圣级。 The worm elder wants to break through to the holy level as soon as possible.
兰道握拳。他早就可以越级制作九级卷轴，他比闻笛其实距离九级更近，突破的希望也更大。
Landau clenched his fist. He could have already made a ninth-level scroll by leaping through the ranks, and he was actually closer to the ninth-level than Wendi, and his hope of breaking through was greater.
这次他也许应该在裂隙战场多待一段时间，实战是最容易突破的。
This time, he should probably stay in the rift battlefield for a while longer, and actual combat is the easiest to break through.
如果这还不行，他就想办法再进入知识之城一趟，去闯闯那座知识之塔，去寻找更多九级卷轴乃至十级卷轴的知识。
If that didn't work, he would find a way to enter the City of Knowledge again, to break into the Tower of Knowledge, and to find more knowledge about the ninth-level scrolls and even the tenth-level scrolls.
树人们不耐烦了。 The tree people are getting impatient.
“小孩，现在你有两个选择。要么签订契约，你进入秘境。要么你留下秘境钥匙，让我们消除你关于木精灵的记忆，你走人。你自己选择。”
"Kid, now you have two choices. Either sign a contract and you enter the secret realm. Either you leave the secret key and let us erase your memories of the Wood Elves, and you leave. The choice is yours. ”
王叶唇角一勾：“我哪个都不选，我已经联系我师父，他们马上过来，你们有什么事，跟他们谈。”
The corners of Wang Ye's lips hooked: "I don't choose any of them, I have already contacted my master, they will come over immediately, if you have anything, talk to them." ”
“也行。”两位树人一把年岁了，也懒得和一个不懂事的小孩纠缠，把他裹起来扔到一边，就耐心等待小孩的师父出现。
"Okay." The two tree men were too old to entangle with an ignorant child, so they wrapped him up and threw him aside, and waited patiently for the child's master to appear.
小云在虫巢里戳王叶：“要么我出去帮你说说情？也许那两位前辈看在大家都是同族的份上，会退一步？”
Xiaoyun poked Wang Ye in the worm nest: "Or I'll go out and help you intercede?" Maybe those two seniors will take a step back for the sake of everyone being of the same race? ”
王叶用精神力回复：“退一步？不可能的。你出来，他们只会把你强行留下。”
Wang Ye replied with his mental power: "Take a step back? Impossible. You come out, they will only force you to stay. ”
小云也觉得这种可能性很高。 Xiaoyun also feels that this possibility is very high.
他倒是不介意留在这两位树人身边，和其他树人接触，这对他也有好处。但他也不想离开虫巢，离开小叶子他们，他现在是这个家的一份子，他可不想离开这里后就再也没办法回来。
He didn't mind staying with these two Treants and coming into contact with the other Treants, which would be good for him. But he didn't want to leave the hive, leave Xiaoyezi and them, he was now a part of this family, he didn't want to leave here and never be able to come back.
几根树根冒出，搅成一张人脸：“我刚刚感觉到你使用了精神力，你在联系谁？”
A few tree roots popped up and stirred into a human face: "I just sensed that you used your spiritual power, who are you contacting?" ”
王叶：“我师父啊。” Wang Ye: "My master." ”
树人脸盯着王叶看了好一会儿：“你身上的气息有点古怪。”
The tree man stared at Wang Ye for a long time: "The aura on your body is a little weird. ”
王叶闭紧嘴巴，什么都不说了。 Wang Ye closed his mouth and didn't say anything.
树人脸围着王叶绕了一圈，确定裹着他的树根都还好好的，这才没入土壤中消失。
The tree man's face circled around Wang Ye, making sure that the roots wrapped around him were all right, and then disappeared into the soil.
时间一点一滴过去，两名树人一开始还分神盯着那个小孩，但有树根缠着小孩，而那小孩的实力对于他们来说也着实低微，就理所当然地放松了注意力。
Time passed little by little, and the two tree men were still staring at the child distractedly at first, but there were tree roots entangled in the child, and the child's strength was really low for them, so they naturally relaxed their attention.
“奇怪，这小崽的师父们怎么还没来？”沉厚的声音道。
"Strange, why haven't the masters of this little cub come yet?" A deep voice said.
“我去探探，看是不是已经到了附近。也许他们正在附近观察。”
"I'm going to look around to see if I'm already in the neighborhood. Maybe they were watching nearby. ”
“好好跟他们谈，收回钥匙就好。” "Just talk to them and get the keys back."
“嗯，我知道。”沙哑声音的主人开始延伸自己的树根，忽惊觉：“咦？那小孩呢？”
"yes, I know." The owner of the hoarse voice began to stretch his roots, and suddenly realized: "Huh? What about the kids? ”
两名树人一起看向他们的树根处，他们之前把小孩就扔在了这里。
The two treants looked together at the base of their tree, where they had left the child earlier.
可现在，地上他们的树根还在，可那个小孩却消失得无影无踪。
But now, on the ground, their roots are still there, but the child has disappeared without a trace.
“坏了！他冲入秘境通道了。”两位树人一起伸出树枝就抓人，可他们连个影子都没看见，要怎么抓？抓什么？
"It's broken! He rushed into the secret passage. "The two tree men stretched out their branches together and grabbed people, but they didn't even see a shadow, how could they catch them? What to catch?
原本亮起来的拱门在某物通过的瞬间，光芒消失。 The arch that was originally lit up disappeared the moment something passed through.
第256章 王叶没进来的话 Chapter 256: If Wang Ye didn't come in
王叶看到后面关闭的通道门，长长吐出一口气。 Wang Ye let out a long breath when he saw the closed passage door behind him.
身边立刻传来疯药王的嘲笑声：“你也知道害怕？” Immediately, there was a mocking voice from the mad medicine king around him: "You also know that you are afraid? ”
王叶坦然道：“那可是两个最少圣级的老怪物，要不是他们在逗我玩，对我也没恶意，最重要的是压根没把我放在眼里，我就是进入虫巢也跑不掉。”
Wang Ye said calmly: "Those are two old monsters at least saint-level, if they weren't teasing me, they wouldn't have any ill will towards me, and the most important thing is that they didn't take me seriously at all, I wouldn't be able to escape even if I entered the hive." ”
这也是他一开始没有进入虫巢的原因。 This is also the reason why he did not enter the hive in the first place.
“等你出去，你就完蛋了。”疯药王桀桀怪笑。 "When you get out, you're done." The mad medicine king laughed strangely.
“不怕。我有人质。”王叶抓过小树人揉了揉。 "Don't be afraid. I have hostages. Wang Ye grabbed the little tree man and rubbed it.
小树人不但不以为意，还很得意地发出hiahia的怪笑声，更拍胸脯说：“到时看我的，我负责缠住他们，你撒腿跑。但别忘了把我收回来。”
Not only did the little tree man not care, but he also let out a strange laugh of hiahia very proudly, and patted his chest and said, "Look at me then, I will be responsible for pestering them, and you will run away." But don't forget to take me back. ”
三位师父都看笑了。他们能笑得出来，自然跟他们有把握解决这件事有关。
The three masters all laughed. The fact that they can laugh naturally has something to do with the fact that they are sure to solve the problem.
树人一族和他们陨星关系还是不错的，如果他们三人的面子不行，就把时校长叫来嘛。
The relationship between the Treants and their Meteor is still good, if the three of them don't have a good face, they will call Principal Shi.
再说这事的事主只是个十岁的小孩子，那两位树人大佬只要还要点脸，就不可能过多为难这么一个小孩子，顶多找他们这些大人算账。
Besides, the subject of this matter is just a ten-year-old child, as long as the two tree bosses still want to make a face, it is impossible to embarrass such a child too much, at most find them adults to settle accounts.
而只要小叶子没事，那万事都能谈。 And as long as Xiao Yezi is fine, then everything can be discussed.
何况最后结果如何，也得看木精灵这边。 What's more, what the final result will be, it also depends on the wood elves' side.
闻笛看看完全没有人质自觉的小树人，又看看兴奋莫名不肯去睡觉、某种意义上也可以说是人质的金宝，抱臂笑了。
Wen Di looked at the little tree man who had no hostage consciousness at all, and then looked at Jinbao, who was excited and inexplicably refused to go to sleep, and in a sense, it can also be said to be a hostage, and hugged his arms and smiled.
好歹这俩小家伙也没白养。 Anyway, these two little guys didn't raise them in vain.
在几位师父通过虫巢打量这个木精灵秘境的时候，王叶操纵虫巢向翡爵家里狂奔。
天就要亮了，他得赶在翡爵叫他起床前进入卧室。 It was almost dawn, and he had to get into the bedroom before Figie woke him up.
从窗户缝隙里溜进去，室内一片安静。 Sneaking in through the window, there was silence inside.
很好，那位领队战士似乎还没发现他不见的事。
王叶悄悄出现在床上，在把自己的呼吸调整得和那个魔器的呼吸频率一样后，飞快收起魔器，同一时间，他也在被窝里出现。
Wang Ye quietly appeared on the bed, and after adjusting his breathing to the same breathing rate as the magic weapon, he quickly put away the magic weapon, and at the same time, he also appeared in the bed.
然后……然后王叶就睡着了。 And then...... Then Wang Ye fell asleep.
他还是小孩子，要不是精神力足够雄厚，早就困得睁不开眼。
He was still a child, and if he hadn't been mentally strong enough, he would have been too sleepy to open his eyes.
翡爵早上来叫小孩时，在门外叫了两声都没听到动静，但里面的呼吸声又还在，他就直接推门进去了。
When Fei Jue came to call the child in the morning, he didn't hear any movement after calling outside the door twice, but the sound of breathing inside was still there, so he pushed the door directly and went in.
再一看，小孩睡得可香，姿势也特别豪放。 Looking at it again, the child slept soundly, and his posture was particularly bold.
翡爵好笑，把小孩踢到一边的被子给小孩重新盖好，摇摇头，又出去了。他以为小孩昨天忙了大半天，累坏了。
王叶一直睡到快中午才起来。
走到客厅，发现那位领队精灵还给他留了早饭，而那位领队精灵已经不在屋里。
When he walked to the living room, he found that the leader elf had left him breakfast, and the leader elf was no longer in the house.
这是对他多放心？ How reassuring is this for him?
等王叶走到门外，就看到一名精灵战士坐在门口阶梯上编织着什么，这才明白他还是有人看守的。
When Wang Ye walked outside the door, he saw an elf warrior sitting on the stairs at the door weaving something, and then he understood that he was still guarded.
阿哲看到王叶走出来，把手里已经编好的草帽往小孩脑袋上一卡，跳起来说：“今天太阳有点大，戴着可以防晒。”
Ah Zhe saw Wang Ye come out, put the straw hat that had been knitted in his hand on the child's head, jumped up and said, "The sun is a little big today, you can wear it to protect yourself from the sun." ”
王叶摸摸草帽边沿，心想要是能换个颜色就更好了。 Wang Ye touched the brim of the straw hat, thinking that it would be better if he could change the color.
新鲜的绿草和细藤编织出来的帽子，当然也是绿色的，还混杂着不同颜色的绿，层层叠叠，但凭良心说，真的很好看。而且轻盈、戴感舒适。
The hat made of fresh green grass and fine rattan is also green, of course, mixed with different colors of green, layered on top of each other, but in good conscience, it is really beautiful. It's also lightweight and comfortable to wear.
阿哲看小孩整了整帽沿，两手抄兜，自以为姿势很帅地走在前面，乐了。
Ah Zhe saw that the child had straightened the brim of his hat and copied his pockets with both hands, thinking that he was walking in front of him very handsomely, and he was happy.
“小家伙，你很厉害啊。今早起来，大家都惊呆了。就是你昨天待的那片田地，现在几乎都看不到一只魔螨。”阿哲快走两步，走到小孩身边，满心好奇，又满是称赞。
"Little one, you're amazing. When I woke up this morning, everyone was stunned. Even in the field where you were yesterday, you can barely see a single magic mite now. Ah Zhe took two quick steps and walked to the child's side, full of curiosity and praise.
木精灵们消灭魔螨不难，难的是在消灭魔螨的同时不能伤害到作物。
It is not difficult for the wood elves to destroy the demon mites, but the difficulty is that they cannot harm the crops while destroying the demon mites.
而且这些魔螨真的很古怪，他们村也下狠心把整片田地的作物连同魔螨一起烧毁过，可最后，往往是他们刚把新的作物种下，那些魔螨又在一夜之间就遍及整个田地。
And these magic mites are really weird, and their village has also burned the whole field of crops along with the magic mites, but in the end, it is often as soon as they have planted new crops, and those magic mites spread all over the field overnight.
总之，就是除之不尽。 In short, it is inexhaustible.
这就像人类对付几十几百几千只蝗虫都很容易，可一旦蝗虫铺天盖地，那人类也只能退避三舍。
It's like it's easy for humans to deal with dozens, hundreds, and thousands of locusts, but once the locusts are overwhelming, then humans can only retreat.
别看魔螨只是二级魔虫，可数量一多，就是九级超凡者也要头疼。
Don't look at the demon mites as second-level demon insects, but if there are too many of them, even ninth-level transcendents will have a headache.
最可怕的是无法根除，总不能让高阶战士们成天忙着除虫吧？
The most terrible thing is that it can't be eradicated, and you can't let the high-level warriors be busy with pesticide control all day long, right?
当然这也跟迄今为止，精灵们还没有真正把这场虫害当做灾难来看、没有特别重视也有很大关系，他们只是觉得这些魔螨难以处理了一点，但都下意识认为这一点虫害还不至于形成生存威胁。
Of course, this also has a lot to do with the fact that so far, the elves have not really regarded this insect infestation as a disaster and have not paid special attention to it, they just feel that these magic mites are a little difficult to deal with, but they all subconsciously think that this insect pest is not yet a threat to survival.
如果王叶没有来到这里，金水村的精灵们正打算这两天就把事情报上去，请求更高明的药师过来。
If Wang Ye hadn't come here, the elves of Jinshui Village were planning to report the matter in the next two days and ask a more intelligent pharmacist to come over.
因为田地里的作物铲除了重新培植也会生虫，精灵们舍不得已经成长的作物，再说反复催生植物也会大量消耗地力，这对土地并不是什么好事。
Because the crops in the field will also produce insects if they are eradicated and replanted, the elves are reluctant to give up the crops that have grown, and the repeated growth of plants will also consume a lot of soil power, which is not a good thing for the land.
所以不但金水村的村民一边除虫一边保持作物生长，秘境中其他出现虫祸的地方也是如此做。
Therefore, not only the villagers of Jinshui Village keep their crops growing while removing insects, but also other places in the secret realm where insect disasters occur.
这就造成…… This results in ......
不过半年，秘境中的虫灾就再也控制不住，不管什么样的高手出手，那些虫子总是没完没了，怎么都消灭不干净。
However, in half a year, the insect plague in the secret realm can no longer be controlled, no matter what kind of master shoots, those insects are always endless, and they can't be wiped out.
不止田地，就连家门口附近、野外……任何一处只要有植物的地方都开始生虫，一开始是二级魔螨，然后魔螨中出现了王者，魔螨的等级越来越高。
Not only in the fields, but also near the doorstep and in the wilderness...... Wherever there are plants, insects begin to grow, at first it is a second-level magic mites, and then a king appears among the demon mites, and the level of the magic mites is getting higher and higher.
到处都是虫子，铺天盖地，先是农作物，然后是果树，接着就是树林和草原，然后就连木制的房屋都开始爬满细小的魔螨。
Bugs were everywhere, first crops, then fruit trees, then woods and grasslands, and then even the wooden houses began to crawl with tiny magic mites.
翻开土壤，里面全都是密密麻麻的半透明虫卵，深度最深能达到两米多。
When you open the soil, it is full of dense translucent eggs, and the depth can reach more than two meters at most.
这时任是派出什么高手都没用了。 At this time, it is useless for any master to be sent.
这些侵略了整个木精灵秘境的魔螨再也无法彻底消除，除非把整个秘境都炸掉！
These demon mites that have invaded the entire Wood Elf Secret Realm can no longer be completely eliminated unless the entire secret realm is blown up!
木精灵们没有食物，他们只能离开秘境出去找食物。 The Wood Elves had no food, so they had to leave the secret realm and go out in search of food.
可更糟糕的事情发生了，有人找到了秘境钥匙，他们想要探索秘境。
But something worse happened, someone found the secret key, and they wanted to explore the secret land.
这群人在木精灵们最头疼最混乱的时候进入了秘境，他们从外面带进来了更可怕的东西，魔螨进一步变异。
This group of people entered the secret realm when the wood elves were most troubled and confused, and they brought in something even more terrifying from the outside, and the demon mites mutated further.
那些魔螨不再只是吞噬植物，它们还开始钻入精灵们的身体中！
The demon mites are no longer just devouring plants, they are also starting to burrow into the elves' bodies!
木精灵们想要逃离秘境，可秘境通道竟然被人毁掉。 The Wood Elves wanted to escape from the secret realm, but the secret passage was destroyed.
所有木精灵都被困在了秘境中，没有食物，只有虫子，大家不得不开始吃虫子，然后就开始互相吞噬……
All the wood elves were trapped in the secret realm, there was no food, only bugs, and everyone had to start eating bugs and then start devouring each other......
“啊啊啊！不！不——！”凄厉疯狂的悲鸣在神殿中响起。
"Ahhh No! Not ——! A terrible and frenzied cry resounded in the temple.
守卫的精灵战士和侍者们连忙跑进神殿。 The elven warriors and attendants who were guarding hurriedly ran into the temple.
“大祭司？！”精灵们纷纷呼喊。 "High Priest?!" The elves shouted.
一声又一声的呼唤后，女子眼皮轻颤，停止了凄厉的悲鸣，但她并没有睁开眼睛，只是她的双眼眼角流下了殷红的眼泪。
After calling again and again, the woman's eyelids trembled slightly, and she stopped her mournful scream, but she did not open her eyes, but red tears flowed from the corners of her eyes.
守卫战士和侍者们极为担心，一名侍者头领上前，小心翼翼地询问：“大祭司，您又做噩梦了？”
The guards and attendants were extremely worried, and one of the leaders of the attendants stepped forward and cautiously asked, "High Priest, are you having a nightmare again?" ”
女子过了好一会儿才开口道：“那两名精灵带来了吗？”
It took a long time for the woman to speak, "Did the two elves bring them?" ”
“还没有，寻找他们的战士已经出发，这会儿应该已经快要赶到目的地。”侍者头领恭敬地道。
"Not yet, the warriors looking for them have already set off, and they should be almost at their destination by this time." The head of the waiters said respectfully.
女子疲累地道：“尽快。” The woman said tiredly, "As soon as possible." ”
“是。”侍者头领对身后的侍者和守卫战士们轻轻摆手。
"Yes." The leader of the attendants waved lightly to the attendants and guards behind him.
众精灵退下。 The elves withdrew.
侍者头领踌躇片刻，还是问道：“大祭司，您在梦中看到了什么？”
The head of the attendants hesitated for a moment, but then asked, "High Priest, what did you see in your dream?" ”
女子缓缓摇头，“忘了。” The woman shook her head slowly, "Forget." ”
侍者头领满是担忧，大祭司做噩梦导致悲鸣和流出血泪已经不是第一次，但每次醒来她都无法记起梦中内容。
The head of the attendants was full of worry, and it was not the first time that the High Priest had a nightmare that caused screams and bloody tears, but every time she woke up, she could not remember what was in the dream.
高层们和他们这些近身侍候的精灵们都知道，大祭司并没有完全失去窥探命运长河的能力，只是这个能力目前只会在梦中起作用，可悲哀的是，大祭司怎么都记不住她的梦境，就算使用魔法手段都不行。
The higher-ups and the elves who were waiting for them in close quarters knew that the High Priest had not completely lost the ability to spy on the river of fate, but this ability only worked in dreams for the time being, and sadly, the High Priestess could not remember her dreams, even if they used magical means.
女子让侍者头领退下，她需要冷静一会儿。 The woman told the head waiter to step down, she needed to calm down for a moment.
她已经不记得梦中都梦到了什么，但她还记得那份哀绝悲怆到极点的悲痛，这股情绪到现在都还影响着她。
一定是非常糟糕、非常可怕的事。
可是还有什么事比她以前看到的那一幕幕景象更加可怕？
他们已经退到这里，难道还是无法躲避吗？
难道他们精灵一族只能走向灭绝吗？
绝望的情绪笼罩住女子，甚至让她生出与其让木精灵们慢慢等死，还不如由她出手，彻底吞噬整个秘境和所有木精灵，用来喂养这棵生命之树……
女子悚然一惊！
她怎么又产生了这么可怕的想法？
不，这不是她的想法，这是这棵生命之树的想法。
祂饿了，祂快死了，可祂不想死，需要更多能量。
而她能提供的能量，显然已经无法满足祂。
而最理智的做法，应该是放弃这棵生命之树。
但她不能，他们不能，木精灵的生命根源和生命之树紧紧相系，精灵卵还需要生命树之液孵化，一旦他们放弃这棵生命之树，也跟放弃他们的未来没有二样。
女子只能吸收更多能量来供给这棵生命之树。
她的身体也进一步和生命之树融合，融合的速度很缓慢，肉眼几乎看不出来，但她能感到自己正在被……吞噬。
女子眼角流下清泪，冲淡了之前流下的血泪。
她和木精灵们的挣扎，真的没有用处吗？
女子知道木精灵们都把和生命之树融合的她当做神来看。
可她却从来没有见过神，也没有感受过神明的力量。
女子想，如果这世间真的有神，那祂也一定是冷漠残酷没有任何同情心的，所有的一切在祂眼中都是平等的，祂不会伸手去帮助任何一个物种，祂只是静静地高高在上地看着生命交替沧海桑田。
可任何一个物种、任何一个生命，又怎么甘愿自己就这么淹没在历史的洪流中，从此成为消失的传说之一？
所有物种都在挣扎求生。
他们精灵族也同样如此。
女子打起精神，她不应该被悲观的情绪笼罩，土、水两系的精灵突然出现，就是一种预兆，一种即将有重大改变的预兆。
The woman cheered up, she should not be shrouded in pessimism, and the sudden appearance of the spirits of the earth and water systems was an omen, a sign of great change to come.
虽然目前还不知道是福是祸，但只要有改变，只要和她很久很久以前看到的未来片段不一样，也许她还能抓住那个一闪而过的契机，让精灵一族死中求生！
就在大祭司做噩梦的时候，金水镇的传送阵亮了起来。 Just as the High Priest was having a nightmare, the teleportation array in Goldwater Town lit up.
金水村村长和镇长早已等在此处，他们已经接到通知，说上面有贵客来临，指明让金水村负责接待。
The head of Jinshui Village and the mayor of Jinshui Village have been waiting here for a long time, and they have been notified that a distinguished guest has arrived, indicating that Jinshui Village will be responsible for receiving them.
再说金水村这边。 Let's talk about Jinshui Village.
今天金水村精灵们查看那五亩田地，就发现昨天已经除过魔螨的作物竟然没有再被附近的魔螨传染，那五亩田地就像是虫海中的一片单独净土，又像是附近的魔螨们都畏惧着什么，根本不敢靠近那片田地。
Today, the elves of Jinshui Village inspected the five acres of land, and found that the crops that had been removed from the demon mites yesterday were no longer infected by the nearby demon mites, and the five acres of land were like a separate pure land in the sea of insects, and it seemed that the nearby demon mites were afraid of something, and they did not dare to approach the field at all.
“小家伙，你到底用了什么方法？”阿哲本来想要再耐心点，但实在忍不住。
"Little one, what exactly did you do?" Ah Zhe wanted to be more patient, but he couldn't help it.
王叶很酷地吐出两字：“秘密。” Wang Ye coolly spit out two words: "Secret." ”
实际上不过是等级压制和天敌制约而已。 In fact, it is nothing more than hierarchical suppression and natural enemy constraints.
都是虫子，他们家小光率领的浮游光虫群可是他虫师父都赞过的超级战虫，属于虫族中的绝对顶级掠食者。
They are all insects, and the planktonic light insect swarm led by their Xiaoguang is a super war insect that has been praised by his insect master, and they belong to the absolute top predators in the Zerg.
别的低级虫子看到它们，只有逃跑的份。 When other low-level bugs saw them, they had no choice but to escape.
比数量？浮游光虫群的数量也不少。 Than the quantity? There are also quite a few planktonic swarms.
有需要的话，小光甚至可以即时增加种群数量。理论上来说，只要能量充足，它想增加多少子民都行。
If needed, Xiaoguang can even increase the population on the fly. Theoretically, as long as it has enough energy, it can add as many people as it wants.
“如果我们愿意高价交易你的除虫方法呢？”阿哲搂住小孩肩膀问。
"What if we were willing to trade your deworming method at a high price?" Ah Zhe asked, putting his arm around the child's shoulder.
结果小孩斜睨他，很碉地说：“不是虫子的问题，目前看，很可能是土壤。如果不能解决根本问题，这些虫子也消灭不完。”
As a result, the child squinted at him and said very squeezedly: "It's not the problem of insects, but at present, it is likely to be soil." If the root problem is not solved, these bugs will not be eliminated. ”
“哦？你能详细说说吗？” "Oh? Can you elaborate on that? ”
“我需要先看分析结果。” "I need to look at the results of the analysis first."
“好的，你今天还要在空地上做事吗？村里给你腾出了一个比较大的库房，你可以在那里做你想做的事。”阿哲现在对王叶笑得可亲切，跟看自己弟弟一样，他们队长也让他好好对待这个人类小崽。
"Okay, are you still going to work in the open field today? The village has freed up a relatively large storehouse for you, where you can do what you want. Ah Zhe smiled kindly at Wang Ye now, just like his own brother, and their captain also asked him to treat this human cub well.
队长说了，他将被专门调派给这个人类小孩，负责保护他和盯着他，如果对方需要什么，只要对他们村有益，只要他们能拿得出来，价值又不是特别昂贵，那就给他。
The captain said that he would be specially assigned to this human child, responsible for protecting him and keeping an eye on him, and if the other party needed anything, as long as it was beneficial to their village, as long as they could take it, and the value was not particularly expensive, then give it to him.
其实村长今早看到那五亩地的情况后就想见见小孩，但村长那边似乎收到了来自上面的联系，似乎有什么大人物要过来。他去镇子上接人了。
In fact, the village chief wanted to meet the child after seeing the situation of the five acres of land this morning, but the village chief seemed to have received a contact from above, and it seemed that some big man wanted to come. He went to the town to pick up people.
他们村没有直达主城的传送阵，上面的大人物过来只能先到镇子上，再过来。
There is no teleportation array in their village that goes directly to the main city, and the big people above can only come to the town first, and then come over.
“有专门的地方最好。”王叶很正经地提出要求：“地方除了要大，里面也不能人来人往，要保持里面的洁净程度，不能有其他杂物进出，这可以尽量避免分析结果有误。”
"It's best to have a dedicated place." Wang Ye made a serious request: "In addition to the large place, there should be no people coming and going, and the cleanliness inside should be maintained, and no other sundries can enter or exit, which can try to avoid errors in the analysis results." ”
“好的，没问题。到时候我会在里面帮你。” "Okay, no problem. I'll help you out there when the time comes. ”
王叶并不想有人碍手碍脚，但他也明白这些精灵不可能马上就全盘信任他，一定会派人盯着他，就没明言反对。
Wang Ye didn't want anyone to get in the way, but he also knew that these elves couldn't trust him all right away, and they would definitely send someone to keep an eye on him, so he didn't explicitly object.
“行，我让你动的东西、让你做的事，你才能做，其他的任何一样东西，你都不能随便乱碰。否则出事不要怪我。”王叶警告。
"Okay, you can only do what I ask you to move, what I ask you to do, and you can't touch anything else. Otherwise, don't blame me for the accident. Wang Ye warned.
“了解！对了，我还没跟你介绍过吧，我叫绿哲，大家都叫我阿哲，你也可以这么叫我。你呢，你叫什么名字？”
"Understood! By the way, I haven't introduced it to you yet, my name is Lu Zhe, everyone calls me Ah Zhe, you can call me that. What about you, what's your name? ”
“我叫雷叶。昨晚让我住他家的精灵叫什么？” "My name is Lei Ye. What was the name of the genie who let me stay at his house last night? ”
“他是我们队长，名字叫翡爵。”阿哲开始跟王叶简单介绍金水村。
"He's our captain, and his name is Feijue." Ah Zhe began to briefly introduce Jinshui Village to Wang Ye.
“跟我说说你们村子的地理环境，以及你们主要靠什么生活，是农作物，还是打猎？常见的动物有哪些，常见的昆虫又有哪些？这些信息，越详细越好。”
"Tell me about the geography of your village and what you live on, whether it's crops or hunting? What are the common animals and what are the common insects? The more detailed this information, the better. ”
“这些跟你的研究有关系？”阿哲好奇地问。 "What does this have to do with your research?" Ah Zhe asked curiously.
“当然。说到污染，肯定要考虑环境因素。污染是多方面的，之前我刚接触过一个案例，那里的水土也被污染了，不但农作物遭殃，还导致当地人生病，后来查明后才知道是一群喜食酸腐果的赤头黑尾雀的粪便造成。”
"Of course. When it comes to pollution, environmental factors must be taken into account. Pollution is multifaceted, I just came into contact with a case where the water and soil were also polluted, not only did the crops suffer, but also caused the locals to get sick, and later found out that it was caused by the droppings of a group of red-headed black-tailed finches that like to eat sour rot. ”
“明白了。”阿哲盘算这些信息说出去也不算什么，就跟王叶细细说明起来。
"Understood." Ah Zhe thought that this information was nothing, so he explained it to Wang Ye in detail.
虫巢中，众位大佬和雷木他们几个小的听得也很仔细。 In the hive, all the big guys and Lei Mu and a few of them listened very carefully.
“我打算出去看看。”闻笛道。 "I'm going to go out and have a look." Wen Di said.
虫老沉吟片刻：“我也想出去，不过小叶子这里最好能有人守着。”
The insect elder pondered for a moment: "I want to go out too, but Xiaoyezi had better be guarded here." ”
兰道笑：“我留下。你们放心出去。这是传送卷轴，小叶子的虫巢不好定位，我定位在了那个叫翡爵的战士的家那边，如果遇到紧急的事情，可以立刻传送回来。”
Landau smiled: "I'll stay." Go out with confidence. This is the teleportation scroll, Xiao Ye's nest is not easy to locate, I located it on the side of the warrior's house called Fei Jue, if there is something urgent, I can teleport back immediately. ”
雷木也拿出几个联络器，发给几位师父：“这是在靳师父的指点下，我和叶子一起琢磨出的联络器，在同一个空间内，可以直接联系到我们，可以像水晶球一样通话。”
Lei Mu also took out a few contacts and sent them to several masters: "This is the contact device that I worked out with Ye Zi under the guidance of Master Jin, in the same space, we can be directly contacted, and we can talk like a crystal ball." ”
雷木介绍了联络器的用法。 Raimu introduced the use of the liaison.
闻笛赞叹，“这个倒是方便，不过如果能像水晶球一样一对多就好了。”
Wen Di exclaimed, "This is convenient, but it would be nice if it could be as one-to-many as a crystal ball." ”
不过联络水晶球也有缺点，只能短距离使用，还不能随便挪动。长距离就需要使用传送盒，可传送盒只能用来传递信息。
However, there are also drawbacks to the contact crystal ball, which can only be used for short distances, and cannot be moved casually. Conveyor boxes are required for long distances, and can only be used to convey information.
就雷木来看，联络水晶球就像固定电话，他们正在琢磨的联络器则像是手机。
In Raymu's view, the contact crystal ball is like a landline, and the contact device they are figuring out is like a mobile phone.
雷木：“我们正在尝试，目前是和水晶球一样，用输入精神力的方法来定位魂波，可精神力捕捉比较困难，一旦距离比较远，或者进行精神力屏蔽就会联系不上。所以这个联络器里还加入了我和小叶子的血液，里面也使用了血缘定位魔法。”
Lei Mu: "We are trying, at present, it is the same as the crystal ball, using the method of inputting spiritual power to locate the soul wave, but it is more difficult to capture the spiritual force, once the distance is relatively far, or the spiritual power is blocked, it will not be able to contact." So this liaison also has the blood of me and Xiao Yezi added to it, and the blood positioning magic is also used in it. ”
“这么说这个联络器不仅能联系你们，还能用来寻找你们？”
"So this liaison can not only contact you, but also find you?"
“是。” "Yes."
“不错。” "Not bad."
雷木心想，地球的手机更好。只是那是完全另外一个体系的炼金知识，只竖立信号塔这一点，在双月星想要施行就有一些困难，除非他搞一家专门研究联络器的大型组织。
Raimu thought to himself, Earth's mobile phones are better. It's just that it's alchemical knowledge of a completely different system, and it's a little difficult for the two moonstars to implement it if they only erect signal towers, unless he has a large organization that specializes in liaisons.
但他和王叶都没这个兴趣。 But neither he nor Wang Ye were interested in this.
雷木如今琢磨的就是如何在不使用信号塔的情况下，做到地球手机和网络能做到的事情。
What Raimu is now pondering is how to do what the earth's mobile phones and networks can do without using signal towers.
闻笛和虫老拿着联络器就一起从虫巢出去了。 Wendi and Worm Lao took the liaison and went out of the hive together.
两人都会隐身魔法，王叶身边的精灵完全没发现有两个人类刚刚从他们身边走过。
Both of them could do stealth magic, and the elves around Wang Ye didn't notice that two humans had just walked past them.
同一时间，金水镇那边过来的精灵战士正在询问金水村村长。
At the same time, the elven warriors who came over from Jinshui Town were asking the village chief of Jinshui Village.
“你们村这两天有外人过来吗？” "Have any outsiders come to your village in the past two days?"
金水村村长一愣，心想上面的消息好快，但他不敢隐瞒，就点头道：“是有人来，有个人类小孩，据他自己说是从空间裂缝里掉到我们这里。”
The village chief of Jinshui Village was stunned for a moment, thinking that the news above was so fast, but he didn't dare to hide it, so he nodded and said, "It's someone coming, there is a human child, according to him, he fell to us from a spatial crack." ”
“人类小孩？”梁桐皱起眉头，“除了那人类小孩，还有谁？”
"Human kids?" Liang Tong frowned, "Who else besides that human child?" ”
金水村村长摇头，“只有他一人，我们也派了战士在小孩出现的地方和周围寻找了，并没有找到其他潜入者。”
The head of Jinshui Village shook his head, "He is the only one, and we have also sent soldiers to search for the place where the child appeared and around, but we have not found any other infiltrators." ”
梁桐怀疑那两名精灵可能进来后就跑到其他地方，要么就躲了起来，总之大祭司不可能出错。
Liang Tong suspected that the two elves might have run away to other places after entering, or they might have gone into hiding, in short, it was impossible for the high priest to make a mistake.
不过这个人类小孩又是怎么回事？ But what's the deal with this human child?
大祭司可没提到还有一个人类进来。 The High Priest didn't mention that there was a human coming in.
第257章 抓捕 Chapter 257: Arrest
不管如何，梁桐还是要带队去金水村走一趟，如果找不到那两个精灵，就让战士先把那个人类小孩带回去给大祭司看看。
In any case, Liang Tong still had to lead the team to Jinshui Village, and if he couldn't find the two elves, he would ask the warrior to take the human child back to the high priest first.
金水村村长趁机提到村里闹虫害的事。 The head of Jinshui Village took the opportunity to mention the pest infestation in the village.
“虫害？白蛛魔螨？”梁桐停下脚步。 "Pests? Spider mite? Liang Tong stopped.
“对。”村长看梁桐表情，觉得有点不妙。 "Yes." The village chief looked at Liang Tong's expression and felt a little bad.
梁桐转而询问金水镇镇长：“除了金水村，附近村子有同样的虫害吗？”
Liang Tong turned to ask the mayor of Jinshui Town: "In addition to Jinshui Village, are there the same pests in nearby villages?" ”
镇长忙回答：“有的，不过不像金水村那边那么厉害。大家正在想办法除虫，但这东西很难根治，我们正想着如果镇里这两天再无法解决，就跟主城求援。”
The mayor hurriedly replied, "Yes, but it's not as powerful as in Jinshui Village." We're trying to figure out how to get rid of the pest, but it's hard to get rid of it, and we're thinking that if the town can't solve it in the next two days, we'll call the main city for help. ”
村长试探地问：“梁统领，难不成其他地方也有同样的虫害发生？”
The village chief asked tentatively: "Commander Liang, could it be that the same insect infestation occurs in other places?" ”
梁桐没有回答这个问题，但他凝重和丝毫没有惊讶的神色告诉镇长和村长，这个魔螨虫害恐怕不止他们这一片有。
Liang Tong didn't answer this question, but he told the town mayor and village chief with a solemn and not surprised look that this magic mite pest was probably not the only one in their area.
镇长索性挑明道：“对于这次魔螨虫害，上面可有办法？”
The mayor simply picked out and said: "Is there a way for this magic mite infestation?" ”
梁桐对于这个问题不好避开不答，就含糊道：“正在研究，一旦有有效对策，立刻就会传下来。”
Liang Tong didn't want to avoid answering this question, so he said vaguely: "It's being studied, and once there is an effective countermeasure, it will be passed down immediately." ”
镇长和村长一起吐气：“那就好，上面知道就好。” The mayor and the village chief exhaled together: "That's good, it's good to know from above." ”
但两人心中多少都有些不妙之感，如果主城或者其他地方也有同样的虫害，那就不只是小小的虫害，而是虫灾了。
But both of them had a somewhat bad feeling in their hearts, if there was the same insect infestation in the main city or elsewhere, it would not be just a small insect infestation, but an insect infestation.
不过这些魔螨到底是哪里来的？ But where do these magic mites come from?
为什么会遍地开花？ Why do they bloom everywhere?
又为什么总是除之不尽？ And why is it always inexhaustible?
镇长和村长对视，镇长看明白村长的担忧，他也不放心，打算隔天就去主城一趟，好好了解一下其他地方的虫害情况。
The mayor and the village chief looked at each other, and the mayor understood the village chief's concern, and he was not at ease, so he planned to go to the main city the next day to learn about the pest situation in other places.
梁桐怕他们光等着上面想办法，也叮嘱两人：“在有效方法没有出来之前，你们这边也要各自想办法，如果有好的灭虫办法，报上去，主城会有丰厚奖励下来。”
Liang Tong was afraid that they would just wait for the top to find a way, so he also told the two: "Before the effective method comes out, you must also find your own way, if there is a good pest control method, report it, and the main city will have a rich reward." ”
镇长和村长忙表示他们不会放松警惕。 The mayor and village chief said they would not let their guard down.
等金水村村长带着梁桐一行来到金水村后，先带他去看了昨天人类小孩掉进来的林子。
After the head of Jinshui Village took Liang Tong and his party to Jinshui Village, he first took him to see the forest where the human child fell into yesterday.
梁桐让队友们在附近寻找土水两系精灵的痕迹，他则和村长去了村里。
Liang Tong asked his teammates to look for traces of earth and water spirits nearby, and he went to the village with the village chief.
村长特意带梁桐去遭到虫害的田地里看了看。 The village chief specially took Liang Tong to the pest-infested field to have a look.
梁桐看到那爬满农作物的大量白蛛魔螨，眉头皱成死疙瘩。
Liang Tong saw the large number of white spider demon mites crawling all over the crops, and his brows furrowed into dead bumps.
他是纯战士，不需要下田，他听说各地闹虫害的事，主城的田地几乎都被魔螨所害，但他也只是听说，并没有亲眼看到。
He is a pure warrior and does not need to go to the fields, he has heard about insect infestations in various places, and almost all the fields in the main city are infested by demon mites, but he has only heard about it, and he has not seen it with his own eyes.
如今亲眼看到，他才发现这些小虫子有多么让人生厌，就算没有密集恐惧症的，看了鸡皮疙瘩也会冒出来。
Now that he saw it with his own eyes, he realized how annoying these little bugs were, even if they didn't have a dense phobia, goosebumps would pop up when they saw it.
“那个人类小孩呢？”梁桐问。他来的目的是寻找他系精灵，并不是这些虫子。
"Where's the human child?" Liang Tong asked. He's here to find his elves, not these bugs.
“我问问，应该就在村里。”村长叫人询问时，特意说了两句好话：“那孩子不大，但很有些本事，昨天我们村的精灵战士逗那孩子玩，让他去田地里除虫，没想到他还真的做出不小贡献。”
"I asked, it should be in the village." When the village chief asked someone to ask, he deliberately said two good words: "That kid is not big, but he has some skills, yesterday the elf warriors of our village teased that kid and asked him to go to the field to get rid of insects, but I didn't expect him to really make a big contribution." ”
“哦？”梁桐没在意，转问：“打听过那人类幼崽的来历了吗？”
"Oh?" Liang Tong didn't care, and asked, "Have you inquired about the origin of the human cub?" ”
“他说了。”村长就把王叶自报的来历说了一遍。 "He said." The village chief told Wang Ye the origin of his self-report.
梁桐点点头，既然是有名有姓有来历的人，他们只要派精灵出去核实一下就能知道真假。
Liang Tong nodded, since it was a person with a name, a surname and a background, they only needed to send the elves out to verify that it was true or not.
“他说他是从空间裂缝掉入这里？你们没有在他身上找到秘境钥匙？”梁桐又问。
"He said he fell into here through a rift in space? You didn't find the secret key on him? Liang Tong asked again.
村长：“那孩子不像是说谎，而且翡爵……就是我们村的战士首领，他正好认识那孩子的一位师父，就是虫老魔。当年那位虫老魔帮过翡爵，还给翡爵配了一些药物，那些药物对于治疗幼崽们的皮肤病很有效果。我们村至今都在用这个药方，真的很好用。”
Village Chief: "That kid doesn't look like he's lying, and Feijue ...... It was the leader of the warriors in our village, and he happened to know one of the child's masters, who was the old demon of worms. Back then, the old worm demon helped Fei Jue and gave Fei Jue some medicines, which were very effective in treating the skin diseases of the cubs. Our village has been using this prescription to this day, and it really works. ”
“所以你们没有搜索这人类小孩？他的储物工具也没有没收？”梁桐严厉道。
"So you didn't search for this human child? His storage tools were not confiscated either? Liang Tong said sternly.
村长张了张口，想要解释，最后只是摇摇头。 The village chief opened his mouth to explain, but finally just shook his head.
“你们怎么能这样糊涂？”梁桐不满，并呵斥道：“那可是从外面来的，还是人类！你们抓到他，就该第一时间上报，不管他是什么来历，是否认识我们的精灵战士，都应该警惕他。更要第一时间就把他的魔武和储物工具都没收，再用禁魔枷锁把他控制起来。”
"How can you be so confused?" Liang Tong was dissatisfied, and scolded: "That's from outside, it's still a human being!" If you catch him, you should report it as soon as possible, no matter what his origin is, whether you know our elven warrior or not, you should be wary of him. He had to confiscate his magic weapons and storage tools as soon as possible, and then use the forbidden demon shackles to control him. ”
“那就是个小孩，顶多十岁左右。”村长忍不住道。
“小孩又怎么了？小孩就对我们没有恶意了吗？你又怎么知道他身后没有成年人指挥？也许他就是用来吸引你们注意力的引子。”
村长：“可是他在除虫方面真的很有一手，我们还需要他帮忙……”
“那是两码事。”梁桐冷冷道。
村长不说话了，他发现这次来的主城特使特别不好说话。
他承认他没有让精灵战士搜身和没收小孩的储物工具，是他做事不严谨。
但那小孩又没有恶意，还愿意帮忙，帮忙的效果还不错。
他如果做事太过恶劣，不说小孩背后的师长们怎么想，小孩自己还愿意帮忙吗？
换了他们自己，如果在某个人类村庄被人类欺负了，还想他们给人类帮忙？带着帮手打上门报复才是正常吧。
可村长看看梁桐的表情，把这些话都咽下了。立场不同，看事也就不同，彼此都很难说服对方，还不如不说。
But the village chief looked at Liang Tong's expression and swallowed all these words. Different positions, different perspectives, it is difficult for each other to convince each other, it is better not to say.
去询问的精灵回来了，告诉村长，说那小孩就在村里给他腾出的库房中忙碌，好像是正在分析土壤。
The elf who had gone to inquire came back and told the village chief that the boy was busy in the storehouse that had been vacated for him in the village, as if he were analyzing the soil.
“翡队长说了，让我们没事不要去打搅那小孩。我透过窗户看了看，那小孩做事可认真，阿哲就在里面帮忙。”
"Captain Fei said, let's not bother the kid if it's okay. I looked through the window, and the kid was serious, and Ah Zhe was inside to help. ”
那村民说到这里，还喜滋滋地说：“昨天翡队长交给那孩子的田地，现在一点虫子都看不到了，就连土壤表面的虫卵也都消失。翡队长说那孩子跟他说了，会继续对村里其他田地除虫，让大家这两天不要管生虫的田地，专心侍候已经除完虫的田地作物就好。”
When the villager said this, he said happily: "The field that Captain Fei handed over to the child yesterday is now no longer visible at all, and even the eggs on the surface of the soil have disappeared. Captain Fei said that the boy told him that he would continue to deworm other fields in the village, so that everyone should not care about the fields with insects for the next two days, and concentrate on waiting for the crops in the fields that have been dewormed. ”
村长露出笑脸，连声道：“好好好，这是大好事！” The village chief showed a smile and said continuously: "Okay, good, this is a great thing!" ”
梁桐觉得自己好像成了恶毒一方。不过他能理解这些村民的心情，只是理解归理解，看他们对一个外来者如此没有警惕心，也很是头疼。
Liang Tong felt as if he had become a vicious party. However, he could understand the feelings of these villagers, but it was also a headache to see that they were so wary of an outsider.
如果这次来的是一个表面愿意帮忙，实际对木精灵们心怀恶意的智慧种族呢？
What if this time it was an intelligent race that was willing to help on the surface, but was actually malicious to the Wood Elves?
伪装谁不会？ Who wouldn't disguise?
就怕来者在精灵们放松警惕后，转眼就露出獠牙，或暗中做下某些对木精灵们不利的事情。
I'm afraid that after the elves let down their vigilance, the visitors will show their fangs in the blink of an eye, or secretly do something unfavorable to the wood elves.
如果不是那人类小孩昨天才掉进来，他甚至会怀疑秘境里的虫害是否就和对方有关。
If it weren't for the human child who had just fallen in yesterday, he would have even wondered if the insect infestation in the secret realm was related to the other party.
梁桐这么想，却同样没再多说，他也不想和当地精灵们搞得不愉快。
Liang Tong thought so, but he didn't say anything more, he didn't want to be unpleasant with the local elves.
另一头。 The other end.
王叶越分析这些土壤，越觉得不对劲。 The more Wang Ye analyzed these soils, the more he felt that something was wrong.
因为他发现这些土壤的分析结果竟然都很正常。 Because he found that the results of the analysis of these soils turned out to be normal.
可这点就很不正常。 But that's not normal.
因为王叶相信自己的直觉判断，何况小云也这么认为。 Because Wang Ye believed in his intuitive judgment, not to mention that Xiaoyun also thought so.
王叶盯着被送来的不同地点的土壤想：问题到底出在哪里？为什么他会认为土壤被污染，可分析结果却一切正常。
Wang Ye stared at the soil in the different places where he was sent and thought: What is the problem? Why would he think that the soil was contaminated, but the analysis turned out to be normal.
甚至分析结果还告诉他，这里的土壤能量蕴含丰富、营养也丰富，是很好的培植土。
Even the results of the analysis told him that the soil here is rich in energy and nutrients, and it is a good soil for cultivation.
他需要走出去，亲眼看一看周围的环境。 He needs to get out there and see his surroundings with his own eyes.
王叶跟阿哲提出了这个要求。 Wang Ye made this request to Ah Zhe.
阿哲一口答应，但他多喊了两个精灵战士和他们一起。 Ah Zhe agreed, but he called two more elven warriors to join them.
就差这么一步，梁桐一行和村长等精灵赶到库房时，就见库房已经人去屋空，一询问才知道人刚走，说是去探查周围环境了。
Just one step away, when Liang Tong and the village chief and other elves rushed to the warehouse, they saw that the warehouse was empty, and when they asked, they knew that the person had just left, saying that they were going to explore the surrounding environment.
梁桐越发觉得那人类小孩有古怪，否则怎么会走得这么恰恰好，简直就像是知道他要过来一样。
Liang Tong felt more and more that the human child was weird, otherwise how could he walk so well, it was as if he knew that he was coming.
看到梁桐怀疑他们村民透露消息的眼神，村长也很无奈了。
Seeing Liang Tong's eyes suspicious of their villagers revealing the news, the village chief was also helpless.
“要么我们追上去看看？他们应该还没走远。” "Or shall we catch up and see? They shouldn't have gone far. ”
“当然要追。”梁桐怕那人类小孩就此逃掉。 "Of course you have to chase." Liang Tong was afraid that the human child would escape.
王叶并不知道背后有人追他们，他跟着阿哲他们一路沿着水源往附近的山林走。
Wang Ye didn't know that someone was chasing them behind him, so he followed Ah Zhe and them all the way along the water source to the nearby mountains and forests.
一边走，王叶一边抓起地上的花花草草包括土壤查看，他还验看了水源。
While walking, Wang Ye grabbed the flowers and plants on the ground, including the soil, and checked the water source.
有意思的是，水很干净。 Interestingly, the water was clean.
但仔细看，路边的土壤还有植物中多少都能看到一些白蛛魔螨的影子，只是不多，只有几只。
But if you look closely, you can see some shadows of white spider mites in the soil and plants on the roadside, but there are not many, only a few.
“没想到林子里也有了，这可不是什么好事。这些可恶的魔螨爬行的速度非常快，而且一出现就是一大片。”阿哲抱怨。
"I didn't expect it to be in the woods, which is not a good thing. These abominable demon mites crawl very fast, and as soon as they appear, they are in large areas. Ah Zhe complained.
“等等。你说它们一出现就是一大片？是突然出现？没有任何征兆，也没有循序渐进地从少到多？”王叶转身。
"Wait. You say they're a big piece as soon as they appear? Is it out of nowhere? Without any signs and without a gradual progression from less to more? Wang Ye turned around.
阿哲和另外两名精灵战士一起点头，“就是突然出现，我们对作物都很注意，如果发现有虫子都会早早剔除，在魔螨群出现前，村里的精灵没有一个发现有少量魔螨出现。”
Ah Zhe and the other two elf warriors nodded together, "It's just a sudden appearance, we are very careful about crops, if we find any bugs, we will remove them early, before the demon mite swarm appeared, none of the elves in the village found a small number of demon mites appearing." ”
“魔螨是什么时候出现的？” "When did the magic mites appear?"
“快有两个月了。” "It's been almost two months."
王叶追问：“魔螨出现的那段时间，村里有没有什么异常情况发生？比如有不少鸟雀、鼠群或动物经过，或者有不少蛙类蛇类之类的生物死亡，或者发大水、下大雨、起大雾、刮大风、干旱等等。”
Wang Ye asked: "During the time when the demon mite appeared, was there any abnormal situation in the village?" For example, there are many birds, rats, or animals passing by, or many frogs and snakes and other creatures die, or there is heavy flooding, heavy rain, fog, strong winds, drought, and so on. ”
三名精灵面面相觑，努力回忆，最后一起摇头：“没有什么异常情况发生，就跟平常一样，或者有，但我们没注意。”
The three elves looked at each other, trying to remember, and finally shook their heads together: "Nothing unusual happened, just as usual, or there were, but we didn't pay attention." ”
王叶低头看看地面，又抬头看向远处：“除了你们村，其他地方有同样的虫灾发生吗？”
Wang Ye looked down at the ground, and then looked up into the distance: "Except for your village, is there a similar insect plague in other places?" ”
阿哲迟疑一下，还是回答道：“我们村附近几个村子都有魔螨出现，只是程度不如我们村严重。现在那几个村子还有精灵埋怨我们，说我们村是源头。”
Ah Zhe hesitated for a moment, but still replied: "There are demon mites in several villages near our village, but the degree is not as serious as in our village. Now there are elves in those villages who complain about us, saying that our village is the source. ”
另外两个精灵战士也都很不高兴。凭什么说他们村是源头？他们对这些突然出现的魔螨也是一头雾水并深受其害好吗。
The other two elven warriors were also unhappy. How can they say that their village is the source? They are also confused about these sudden appearance of magic mites and suffer from them, okay?
王叶若有所思，道：“能说说你们村和其他村子的区别吗？比如你们村的土壤特别肥沃，养出来的作物特别好。”
Wang Ye thought for a moment and said, "Can you tell me the difference between your village and other villages?" For example, the soil in your village is particularly fertile, and the crops raised are particularly good. ”
阿哲眼睛一亮：“对！你这点猜对了，我们村的水土就是比别的地方的好。其他村子的土质都没有我们村好，我们村养出来的作物在主城卖得可好了。”
Ah Zhe's eyes lit up: "Yes! You guessed it right, the water and soil in our village are better than other places. The soil quality of other villages is not as good as ours, and the crops raised in our village sell well in the main city. ”
王叶脑中闪过什么，但现在线索还是太少，他没有办法把一闪而过的灵光和具体的线索串联起来。
Something flashed through Wang Ye's mind, but now there were still too few clues, and he had no way to connect the flashing aura with specific clues.
“阿哲！”村长的喊声传来。 "Ah Zhe!" The village chief's shouts came.
阿哲刚回头，就看到有陌生精灵战士落到了他们身边。 As soon as Ah Zhe turned around, he saw a strange elven warrior falling beside them.
阿哲下意识把王叶拉到自己身后。 Ah Zhe subconsciously pulled Wang Ye behind him.
另外两名精灵战士也警惕地看向陌生来者。 The other two elven warriors also looked warily at the stranger.
梁桐很是无语：对一个人类小孩这么保护，却对同类这么提防，你们是不是有什么毛病？
Liang Tong was speechless: Is there anything wrong with being so protective of a human child, but so wary of the same kind?
村长速度慢了一步，但也赶到了，看两方形成对峙之势，连忙插到中间：“阿哲，不得无礼。这是主城派来的梁统领。”
The village chief was a step slower, but he also arrived, and seeing that the two sides formed a confrontation, he hurriedly inserted himself in the middle: "Ah Zhe, don't be rude." This is the Liang Commander sent by the main city. ”
阿哲等三名精灵见村长认识对方，又是主城来客，就略微放松了一些，对梁桐和他带着的精灵战士们行了个战士礼。
Seeing that the village chief knew each other and was a guest from the main city, Ah Zhe and the other three elves relaxed a little and gave a warrior salute to Liang Tong and the elven warriors he was carrying.
梁桐等精灵回礼。 Liang Tong and other elves returned the salute.
气氛刚有所缓和，梁桐就一指阿哲身后的王叶，用命令的口吻道：“把这人类小崽交给我们。”
As soon as the atmosphere eased up, Liang Tong pointed at Wang Ye behind Ah Zhe and said in a commanding tone: "Give us this human cub." ”
阿哲皱眉，先看向村长：“村长，这是怎么回事？” Ah Zhe frowned and looked at the village chief first: "Village chief, what's going on?" ”
村长只好道：“梁统领奉命来寻找外来者。” The village chief had no choice but to say, "Commander Liang was ordered to look for outsiders. ”
王叶：消息传得好快！还是说木精灵上层有什么方法知道有外来者进入秘境？
Wang Ye: The news spread so fast! Or is there any way for the upper level of the Wood Elves to know that an outsider has entered the secret realm?
“可是……”阿哲想说小孩还在帮村里解决虫害问题。 "But......," Ah Zhe thought, saying that the child was still helping the village solve the pest problem.
梁桐已经冷声道：“没有可是，这个人类小崽交给我们，就没你们的事了。”
Liang Tong had already said coldly: "No, but this human cub is handed over to us, and it will be none of your business." ”
说着，梁桐身后的精灵战士已经呈包围之势，一看就知道这是防止小孩逃跑。
Saying that, the elven warriors behind Liang Tong were already surrounded, and at a glance, he knew that this was to prevent the child from escaping.
王叶从阿哲身后探出头，挥挥手：“嗨，你们好，你们是奉了谁的命令来找我吗？”
Wang Ye poked his head out from behind Ah Zhe and waved his hand: "Hey, hello, did you come to me on someone's order?" ”
梁桐没说他们来这里的原目的不是找他，只对王叶道：“你老老实实的，跟我们回去主城，待我们查明你的来历和来意后，再具体看如何处置你。但如果你敢逃跑、敢惹事，不管你现在多大、也不管你有什么身份背景，我们都会把你当侵袭者看待。明白了吗？”
Liang Tong didn't say that the original purpose of their coming here was not to look for him, but only said to Wang Ye: "You are honest, go back to the main city with us, and wait for us to find out your origin and intentions, and then see how to deal with you." But if you dare to run away and cause trouble, no matter how old you are now, no matter what your identity background is, we will treat you as an introducer. Do you understand? ”
王叶歪头：“你们是要把我关押起来吗？是不是还要给我戴上禁魔环之类的拘束物？我的储物工具是不是也要交给你们？”
Wang Ye tilted his head: "Are you going to imprison me?" Do you want to put a restraint on me like a forbidden ring? Will I give you my storage tools too? ”
梁桐：“没错。你聪明点，可以少受罪。现在你走过来，把你的魔武和储物工具都交出来。放心，我们不会动你的东西，只要查明你对我们没有恶意，当你离开秘境后，你的东西我们还会还给你。”
Liang Tong: "That's right. Be wiser, you can suffer less. Now you come over and hand over your magic and storage tools. Don't worry, we won't touch your things, just find out that you have no ill will towards us, and when you leave the secret realm, we will return your things to you. ”
王叶已经不像刚进双月星那会儿，他已经学会利用自己的年龄优势，换言之，他把桀骜不驯都隐藏到了表皮下。
Wang Ye is no longer like when he first entered the Double Moon Star, he has learned to take advantage of his age, in other words, he has hidden his unruliness under the skin.
这会儿，他甚至做出了怯生生的神情：“你看起来好凶，我怎么知道我把东西都交给你，还被拘束起来，你还会好好待我？你们是不是还要把我关到水牢里？不给我饭吃？还会鞭打我？我不想留在这里了，我想回家。”
At this moment, he even made a timid look: "You look so fierce, how do I know that I handed over everything to you and was restrained, and you would treat me well?" Are you going to put me in a water prison? Don't give me food? And whip me? I don't want to stay here anymore, I want to go home. ”
村长和阿哲等精灵也都觉得这位梁统领太凶了。就不能好好说话吗？看把人小孩子吓的！
The village chief, Ah Zhe and other elves also felt that this Liang Commander was too fierce. Can't you just talk well? Look at the scared kids!
梁桐深吸气：“只要你老实听话，没谁会虐待你，也没谁会把你关入水牢。如果我们查明你身份和来意都没问题，你自然能平安回家。”
Liang Tong took a deep breath: "As long as you are honest and obedient, no one will abuse you, and no one will put you in a water prison." If we find out who you are and why you came to be fine, you will be able to return home safely. ”
王叶噗噜噜摇头：“我不相信你。你看起来就像坏蛋！我师父说，外面有很多喜欢抓小孩子做成包子馅的变态，让我遇到就赶紧跑。”
Wang Ye shook his head with a pout: "I don't believe you." You look like a badass! My master said that there are a lot of perverts out there who like to catch children and make them into steamed buns, so I should run away when I meet them. ”
“你跑不掉。”梁桐也懒得跟个小孩叽叽歪歪，更没想去扮演一个热情善良的精灵，直接挥手让手下把小孩抓起来。
"You can't run away." Liang Tong didn't bother to talk to a child, and he didn't want to play a warm and kind elf, so he waved his hand directly to let his subordinates catch the child.
王叶鼓起嘴巴，就像个真正的孩子一样生气地喊道：“你们这样对我，我再也不帮你们除虫了！”
Wang Ye puffed out his mouth and shouted angrily like a real child: "If you treat me like this, I will never help you get rid of insects again!" ”
说完，王叶身影一闪，竟然消失了。 After speaking, Wang Ye's figure flashed and disappeared.
在场的精灵们：喂喂喂，人呢？ Elves present: Hey, hey, people?
金水村的村民从村长到精灵战士都可不高兴了，一个个都怒瞪梁桐。
The villagers of Jinshui Village, from the village chief to the elven warriors, were not happy, and they all glared at Liang Tong angrily.
这下好了，你没把人抓住，还把人小孩给吓跑了，重点是我们村的虫害谁来解决？啊，你说啊！
Okay, now you didn't catch people, and scared people and children away, the point is who will solve the insect pests in our village? Ah, you say!
王叶回到虫巢后，真的把小光和它的族群又招了回来。 After Wang Ye returned to the hive, he really recruited Xiaoguang and his clan back.
这不是报复，也不是他想撒手不管。 It's not revenge, and it's not that he wants to leave it alone.
为了经验值，他也不可能撒手。 For the sake of experience, he couldn't let go.
他只是有所推测，需要验证一番。 He just speculated and needed to be verified.
小光飞回来，停在王叶伸出的手掌上。 Xiao Guang flew back and stopped on Wang Ye's outstretched palm.
王叶瞅瞅小光和它的族群，好吗，肉眼可见的都肥了一圈。
Wang Ye looked at Xiaoguang and his group, okay, it was visible to the naked eye that they were all fat.
当然，那不是真肥，是能量吸收太多，撑的。 Of course, it's not really fat, it's too much energy absorption, and it's supported.
小光命令族群回去产虫蜜。它有预感，这批虫蜜质量应该很不错。
Xiaoguang orders the tribe to go back and produce worm honey. It has a hunch that the quality of this batch of worm honey should be very good.
王叶眉开眼笑。很好很好，既能消除虫害，又能让小光它们吃饱，还能产出虫蜜，简直一举三得，美呆了！
Wang Yemei smiled. Very good, very good, it can not only eliminate insect pests, but also make Xiaoguang eat their fill, and also produce insect honey, which is a triple win, beautiful!
哦哦哦，差点忘了还能赚取经验值。 Oooh, I almost forgot to earn XP.
这样的任务，完全可以多来一点嘛。 This kind of task can be a little more.
“咿咿！我想增加种群数量，这里的虫子太多了，几天内根本吃不完。”小光提要求。
"Babble! I want to increase the population, there are so many bugs here that I can't eat them all in a few days. Xiaoguang asked.
王叶迟疑：“如果你种群增加太多，以后食物不够，养不活怎么办？”
Wang Ye hesitated: "If your population increases too much, what if you don't have enough food in the future and can't feed it?" ”
小光觉得这根本就不是问题：“咿！食物不够，我就把它们回收回来。”
Xiaoguang felt that this was not a problem at all: "Bah! I didn't have enough food, so I recycled them. ”
“你是说你要吃掉你的孩子？小光，你现在好残忍。”王叶戳小光肚子。
"You're going to eat your baby? Xiaoguang, you are so cruel now. Wang Ye poked Xiaoguang's stomach.
小光飞起来，鄙视王叶：“咿咿咿！谁说我要增加族群数量就是要生孩子？你们人类真没见识！”
Xiaoguang flew up and despised Wang Ye: "Babble! Who said that I want to increase the number of people in order to have children? You humans really don't know anything! ”
王叶死鱼眼，抱臂道：“噢，那你给我增加一下见识，你要怎么个增加族群数量？”
Wang Ye was dead-eyed, crossed his arms and said, "Oh, then you give me more knowledge, how do you increase the number of races?" ”
小光飞舞着，想着要怎么说。它在升级后就多出了这么一个能力，但要它解释它就不知道该怎么解释了。
Xiaoguang flew, thinking about what to say. It has such an additional ability after upgrading, but it doesn't know how to explain it if you want it to explain it.
“咿咿！就是不是生孩子，是……分身，对，就是分身，我可以分出很多很多张嘴，看起来像是浮游光虫，但它们并不是真的生命体，只是负责吸收能量和战斗。就像……孙悟空身上的汗毛！对，就是这样！”
"Babble! It's not about having children, it's about ...... Doppelgangers, yes, clones, I can separate many, many mouths that look like planktonic light bugs, but they're not real living beings, they're just responsible for absorbing energy and fighting. It's like...... The hair on Sun Wukong's body! Yes, that's it! ”
王叶乐，这个比喻很生动，让他立刻明白了小光的意思，不由惊讶：“你还有这样的本事？”
Wang Yele, this metaphor was very vivid, so he immediately understood what Xiaoguang meant, and couldn't help but be surprised: "You still have such ability?" ”
小光傲然又炫耀地道：“咿！我本事大着呢。” Xiaoguang said proudly and ostentatiously: "Bah! I'm very capable. ”
“谁之前以为自己只是一只农民虫？”王叶嘲笑。 "Who thought they were just a peasant worm?" Wang Ye scoffed.
小光气得飞到王叶头发上一阵乱扑：“咿咿咿！农民虫有什么不好？农民虫才是最伟大的！这话还是你忽悠我的！”
Xiao Guang was so angry that he flew to Wang Ye's hair and fluttered wildly: "Babble! What's so bad about farmer bugs? The farmer worm is the greatest! You are still fooling me! ”
“是是是，你说得太对了。”王叶把小光从头发里抓出来，认真问它：“小光，你老实告诉我，除了你，其他智慧寄生虫也有你这样的能力吗？”
"Yes, yes, you're absolutely right." Wang Ye grabbed Xiaoguang out of his hair and asked it seriously: "Xiaoguang, tell me honestly, besides you, do other wisdom parasites also have the ability of yours?" ”
小光也不确定：“咿……看进化需要吧？不过这样做很消耗能量，只比生孩子消耗的能量少一点，如果没有充足能量提供或者大型战争必要，母虫都不会轻易这么做。我敢这么做，是因为这里的虫子很多，足够补充我消耗的能量，而且我还能把那些分身收回来。”
Xiaoguang is also not sure: "Bah...... Look at the evolution needed, right? However, this is very energy-intensive, only a little less than the energy consumed to give birth, and the mother worm will not do this easily if there is not enough energy to provide or if a large war is necessary. I dare to do this because there are so many bugs here that it's enough to replenish the energy I expend, and I can get those doppelgangers back. ”
王叶：充足能量？无尽森海里那么多精灵，不就是最充足的能量？
Wang Ye: Plenty of energy? There are so many elves in the endless forest sea, isn't it the most abundant energy?
等等！王叶脑中灵光终于和一条线索串联起来。 Wait a minute! The aura in Wang Ye's mind was finally connected with a clue.
木精灵秘境中的虫害是否也和寄生虫族有关？ Is the insect infestation in the Wood Elf Secret Realm also related to the parasitic Zerg?
虽然魔螨看起来不像是寄生虫，而土壤中也没有检查出任何不对的成分。
Although the magic mites don't look like parasites, and the soil hasn't been detected with anything wrong.
但也许还有什么被他忽略了，那一定是个非常重要的线索。
But maybe there was something he had overlooked, and that must have been a very important clue.
王叶就好像看到了一条链子，只是这条链子中还缺少了关键几节。
Wang Ye seemed to see a chain, but there were still a few key links missing from this chain.
也许他不应该待在这里，他应该去这些精灵口中的主城看看，说不定欠缺的关键线索就在那边。
Maybe he shouldn't stay here, he should go to the main city in the mouths of these elves, maybe the key clue is over there.
对，王叶没跑远，他就让虫巢跟在梁桐身边。 Yes, Wang Ye didn't run far, he let the worm nest follow Liang Tong.
梁桐和其他精灵说的话，他全都听到了。 He heard everything that Liang Tong and the other elves said.
也知道了他们来金水村的目的，竟然不是抓他，而是来寻找土、水两系的精灵。
also knew that the purpose of their coming to Jinshui Village was not to arrest him, but to find the elves of the earth and water systems.
土、水两系？ Earth and water?
王叶忽然抬起左手，在能量催动下，两个印记浮出。 Wang Ye suddenly raised his left hand, and under the urging of energy, two imprints surfaced.
呃，不会那些精灵要找的两系精灵就是他吧？ Uh, wouldn't it be that the two elves that those elves are looking for are him?
第258章 编个预知能力 Chapter 258: Make up a Prediction Ability
晚上，虫老和闻笛两位回来。 In the evening, the worm old and Wendi returned.
王叶把他们接入虫巢。 Wang Ye connected them to the hive.
王叶先把主城派人过来并想抓捕他的事交代了，然后问：“师父们，你们怎么看？”
Wang Ye first explained that the main city had sent people over and wanted to arrest him, and then asked, "Master, what do you think?" ”
虫老示意闻笛来说。 The insect elder motioned to Wen Di to say.
闻笛道：“我们分别把附近几个村镇都跑了一遍，包括水土环境等也都看了看。首先，白蛛魔螨不止这一个村子有，只是数量多寡，但再少也已形成祸害。其次，水土貌似没有问题。”
Wen Di said: "We ran through several nearby villages and towns, including the water and soil environment. First of all, the white spider mite is not only in this village, but the number is too small, but no matter how small it is, it has become a scourge. Secondly, there seems to be no problem with water and soil. ”
王叶点头，这两点和他收获的信息一样。 Wang Ye nodded, these two points were the same as the information he had received.
闻笛微微一顿：“第三，我和虫老都判断，土壤中的虫卵并不是由成年魔螨产出。事实上，那些魔螨一旦孵化就是成年体，并没有幼年体到成年体到老年体这个过程。这也是我们发现的第四点。第五，这些魔螨不会自然死亡，这也是它们数量越来越多的原因。”
Wen Di paused slightly: "Third, Worm Elder and I both judged that the eggs in the soil were not produced by adult demon mites. In fact, those magic mites are adults once they hatch, and there is no such thing as juvenile to adult-to-old age. This is the fourth point we find. Fifth, these magic mites do not die naturally, which is why they are more and more numerous. ”
虫老这时才道：“我玩虫子这么多年，这种魔螨绝不正常，我可以确定这些玩意绝不是自然诞生。”
王叶竖起拇指。不愧是两位师父，一出马就弄到关键信息。他之前也稍微琢磨了下魔螨和虫卵，但并没有看出异常。
Wang Ye gave a thumbs up. is worthy of two masters, and they got the key information as soon as they came out. He had also pondered the demon mites and insect eggs a little before, but he didn't see anything abnormal.
“师父们，你们有没有发现土壤有不对劲的地方？” "Master, have you noticed anything wrong with the soil?"
闻笛摇头：“不是土壤不对劲，是有什么东西通过土壤传递了魔螨虫卵。”
Wen Di shook his head: "It's not that the soil is wrong, it's that something has passed the magic mite eggs through the soil." ”
王叶握拳：“这不就说明这个秘境的土壤可以被人为控制？”
Wang Ye clenched his fists: "Doesn't this mean that the soil of this secret realm can be artificially controlled?" ”
三位师父互看，虫老道：“这个秘境的主宰是木精灵，能控制这个秘境土壤的也只有木精灵的高层。”
The three masters looked at each other, and the worm elder said: "The master of this secret realm is the wood elves, and the only ones who can control the soil of this secret realm are the high-level of the wood elves. ”
“看来我们很有必要去主城跑一趟了。”王叶又把主城有精灵过来找土、水两系精灵的事说了。
"Looks like we need to make a trip to the main city." Wang Ye also told the story that there were elves in the main city who came to find the elves of the earth and water systems.
“我怀疑他们找的精灵很可能是我。”王叶亮出手背上的印记。
"I suspect the elf they're looking for is probably me." Wang Yeliang took the mark on the back of his hand.
“你想自投罗网？”虫老没好气地道。 "You want to throw yourself into the net?" The worm old said angrily.
王叶抓头：“也不是自投罗网，只是魔螨这事透着几分不对劲，我总觉得想要彻底解决此事，源头可能就在主城。从那些精灵透露出的只言片语来看，主城那边出现魔螨的时间可能还要略微早一点。整个秘境，虫灾就好像以主城为中心，一圈圈向外辐射。”
Wang Ye scratched his head: "It's not that I'm in the net, it's just that there is something wrong with the demon mite, I always feel that if I want to solve this matter completely, the source may be in the main city." Judging from the words revealed by those elves, the appearance of demon mites on the main city may have been slightly earlier. In the entire secret realm, the insect plague seems to be centered on the main city, radiating outward in a circle. ”
“你为什么这么关心这边的虫害？”闻笛知道王叶最大的秘密，忍不住问道。
"Why are you so concerned about the pest here?" Wen Di knew Wang Ye's biggest secret, and couldn't help but ask.
王叶抿了抿嘴唇，到底还是说道：“我怀疑也担心这里的虫灾与智慧寄生虫族有关。”
Wang Ye pursed his lips, but still said, "I suspect and worry that the insect plague here is related to the intelligent parasitic Zerg. ”
“哦？你为什么会这么怀疑？”虫老问。 "Oh? Why are you so skeptical? The worm asked.
王叶招手让小光过来，把它介绍给闻笛和兰道师父，这才道：“我让小光它们吃掉那些魔螨，原本也没多想，后来看到凡是它们扫荡过的田地，那些魔螨就不会再过来，就好像在本能的恐惧什么。我一开始以为是天敌和等级的压制。”
Wang Ye beckoned Xiaoguang to come over and introduced it to Wendi and Master Landau, and then said: "I asked Xiaoguang to eat those demon mites, and I didn't think much about it at first, but later I saw that whenever they swept the fields, those demon mites would not come over again, as if they were instinctively afraid of something." At first, I thought it was the suppression of natural enemies and rank. ”
“虽然都是虫子，但不是所有虫子都在一个等级体系内。就像人类和精灵和海族等一样，其实都可以称为人，但我们却绝不是一个等级体系。”虫老纠正徒弟。
"Although they are all bugs, not all bugs are within a hierarchy. Just like humans and elves and sea tribes, we can all be called humans, but we are by no means a hierarchy. "The worm old corrects the apprentice.
王叶拍手：“对！我当时就是想漏了这点。如果不在一个体系内，这些魔螨为什么还这么畏惧小光它们？实力等级差？可魔螨并不惧怕实力比它们更高的精灵战士。直到小光跟我说，它可以用非生育的方法大量增加它的族群数量。”
Wang Ye clapped his hands: "Yes! That's what I thought I was missing. If they are not in a system, why are these demon mites still so afraid of them? Poor strength level? But the demon mites are not afraid of the elven warriors who are stronger than them. Until Xiaoguang told me that it could massively increase its population by non-reproductive methods. ”
王叶给出他的结论：“再加上师父们刚才说的几点，我现在非常怀疑这些魔螨也是通过类似的方法创造出来，而背后者创造这些魔螨的目的就是想要能量，大量的能量！”
Wang Ye gave his conclusion: "Coupled with what the masters just said, I now very much suspect that these demon mites were also created through similar methods, and the purpose of the person behind them to create these demon mites is to want energy, a lot of energy!" ”
“假设创造魔螨的背后者就是智慧寄生虫族，那么这些魔螨会躲着小光它们也就能理解了，因为它们是同系。甚至不需要等级压制，只是一种自然而然地分配。你来这边，需要食物，我就让给你一块。”
"Assuming that the people behind the creation of the demon mites are intelligent parasites, then they can understand that these demon mites will hide from the small light, because they are homogeneous. There is not even a need for hierarchical suppression, just a natural distribution. If you come here and need food, I'll give you a piece. ”
虫老明白了：“所以你怀疑有一只智慧寄生虫族的母虫藏在木精灵秘境的主城中？”
Worm Elder understood: "So you suspect that there is a female worm of the Wisdom Parasitic Zerg Clan hiding in the main city of the Wood Elf Secret Realm?" ”
“对，而且它现在正需要大量能量，很可能是它要升级，也可能是它要产王虫卵，各种可能都有。但不管是哪一种，如果这个秘境中真有智慧寄生虫族存在，如果不能及时消灭，那这个秘境中的木精灵们和其他生灵，完蛋只不过是迟早的事。”王叶神色凝重。
"Yes, and it's needing a lot of energy right now, it's probably going to upgrade, it's going to lay king eggs, all sorts of possibilities. But no matter which one it is, if there are really intelligent parasitic zergs in this secret realm, if they can't be eliminated in time, then the wood elves and other creatures in this secret realm will be finished sooner or later. Wang Ye's expression was solemn.
王叶都说到这种程度，原本不赞成王叶现在就跑去主城冒险的几位师父也不得不多考虑一番。
Wang Ye said that to this extent, the few masters who originally disapproved of Wang Ye going to the main city to take risks now had to think about it more.
“你说寄生虫族能寄生对吧？如果它寄生了木精灵的高层，你要怎么对付它？又要怎么找出它？”虫老问。
"You said parasites can parasitize, right? If it parasitizes the upper echelons of the Wood Elves, what are you going to do with it? And how do you find it? The worm asked.
王叶指了指自己的鼻子，略微得意地道：“只要有这只虫子在，我就有办法把它找出来。我融合了虫巢，对寄生虫族会有一定天然感知，另外我修炼的功法也可以让我感知到敌人存在。”
Wang Ye pointed to his nose and said with a slight smugness: "As long as this insect is there, I have a way to find it." I have fused the hive, and I will have a certain natural perception of the parasitic Zerg, and the exercises I practice can also allow me to perceive the existence of enemies. ”
“那对方是不是也能感知到你？”三位师父最担心的就是这点。
"Then can the other party also sense you?" This is what the three masters are most worried about.
对于这点，王叶也不敢托大：“我只能说是有这个可能。主要看对方的等级是否远超过我。”
For this, Wang Ye didn't dare to make a big deal: "I can only say that there is this possibility." It mainly depends on whether the other party's level is much higher than mine. ”
师父们没有立刻给王叶回复，他们跑一边商量去了，还拉着疯药王和靳蜘蛛一起。
The masters didn't reply to Wang Ye immediately, they ran to discuss, and pulled the mad medicine king and Jin Spider together.
王叶凑到雷木身边，小声说：“木木，你说我跟师父们说我有预知能力怎么样？”
Wang Ye leaned over to Lei Mu and whispered, "Mu Mu, how about you say that I told the masters that I have the ability to predict?" ”
雷木立刻明白了他的意思：“你想把你‘梦境’中的一些事告诉他们？”
Reimu immediately understood what he meant, "You want to tell them something about your 'dream'?" ”
“是。有些事非常重要，比如再过几年精灵族和陨星魔法学校都会从世间消失。我的直觉告诉我，木精灵这边的毁灭可能还更早一步，虽然我没有亲眼看到。”
"Yes. Some things are very important, such as the elves and the Falling Star School of Magic will disappear from the world in a few years. My instincts tell me that the destruction on the Wood Elf's side may have been one step earlier, though I didn't see it with my own eyes. ”
“你说什么？！”雷木震惊，他还是第一次从王叶口中听到这样的未来。
"What did you say?!" Lei Mu was shocked, it was the first time he had heard such a future from Wang Ye's mouth.
雷木忽然有点明白王叶为什么会选择不远万里的跑到陨星求学，也许他那时就想阻止这件事。
Lei Mu suddenly understood a little why Wang Ye chose to travel thousands of miles to study in the Falling Star, maybe he wanted to stop this matter at that time.
王叶：我不是想阻止，我那时就想着来捞好处。谁能想到……嗐，人的感情啊，就是这么控制不住！
Wang Ye: I didn't want to stop it, I was thinking about it at that time. Who would have thought...... Hey, people's feelings, it's just so uncontrollable!
王叶按住雷木，认真道：“如果陨星和精灵族那边和我们没关系，他们怎么样，我都无所谓。但现在……我既然知道，总不能看着不管。可这些事凭我一个人的力量根本无力阻拦，但如果没有一个好的理由，我也没办法告诉他们我是怎么知道的。”
Wang Ye held down Lei Mu and said seriously: "If the Meteorite and the Elven Clan have nothing to do with us, I don't care what happens to them." But now...... Now that I know, I can't just look at it. But I can't stop these things on my own, but I can't tell them how I know without a good reason. ”
如果只有闻笛和雷木，那简单，他不用多解释，只要说明是他的前生经历就可以。
If there were only Wendi and Lei Mu, it would be simple, he didn't need to explain much, just explain that it was his past life experience.
但他并不想把他的重生之事再告诉其他人，不是不相信几位师父，只是他本能的觉得这事不适合告诉太多人，而且与其说他重生，还不如说他能做预知梦，这样解释起来也更简单。
But he didn't want to tell anyone else about his rebirth, not because he didn't believe in a few masters, but he instinctively felt that it was not appropriate to tell too many people about it, and it was better to say that he could have prophetic dreams than that he was reborn, so it was easier to explain.
等二十一年后，他无法再“预知”，他就说这个能力自然消失了。这种事在超凡者界也很常见，尤其涉及到预知这个不可捉摸的能力。
After twenty-one years, when he could no longer "predict", he said that this ability would naturally disappear. This kind of thing is also common in the transcendent realm, especially when it comes to the elusive ability of foresight.
雷木很想问问王叶，他上辈子都遇到了什么事，但他忍住了，如果王叶想要告诉他，自然会跟他说，他不说，那肯定有原因。
Lei Mu really wanted to ask Wang Ye, what happened to him in his previous life, but he held back, if Wang Ye wanted to tell him, he would naturally tell him, if he didn't say it, there must be a reason.
“和闻笛师父商量一下吧，他见多识广，也许有更好的办法。”雷木小声建议。
"Let's discuss it with Master Wendi, he is well-informed, maybe there is a better way." Raimu suggested in a whisper.
闻笛在仔细思考后，同意王叶以预知梦的借口，把他知道的某些事告诉几位师父。
After thinking about it carefully, Wen Di agreed that Wang Ye would tell several masters something he knew under the pretext of predicting dreams.
“如此也能变相解释你为什么小小年纪就能懂得这么多，因为你小时候经常不断做梦，你在梦中学习到很多，但随着你年龄增长，你的梦境越来越不连贯，变成了梦境碎片，而你能记住的内容也越来越少。这样也可以让你的‘预知能力’在未来逐渐消失。这件事由我来告诉他们，你先不要说。”
This also explains why you can understand so much at such a young age, because you used to dream a lot when you were a child, and you learned a lot in your dreams, but as you get older, your dreams become more and more incoherent and become dream fragments, and you can remember less and less. This will also allow your 'foresight' to fade away in the future. I'll tell them about it, don't talk about it yet. ”
闻笛揽下此事，又叮嘱道：“如果他们问你以前为什么不提这个能力，你就说是我要求的，我也会跟他们说明这点。预知者的下场一般都不会太好，能隐藏的都会隐藏。至于你要提的陨星学校和精灵族的灾难，等到了主城后，你找到那只寄生虫，或者其他重要征兆，你再做一场噩梦。懂？”
Wen Di took the matter and advised: "If they ask you why you didn't mention this ability before, you will say that I asked for it, and I will explain it to them." The fate of the Prophet is generally not very good, and what can be hidden will be hidden. As for the disaster of the Meteorite School and the Elves that you want to mention, when you get to the main city, you find that parasite, or other important signs, and you have another nightmare. Understand? ”
王叶懂了。 Wang Ye understood.
闻笛细细和他把整个经过和理由都商量了一遍，确保不会有任何漏洞。
Wen Di carefully discussed the whole process and reasons with him to make sure that there would be no loopholes.
王叶：有师父真好~！ Wang Ye: It's good to have a master~!
梁桐等精灵没有立刻离开金水村，他们还在到处寻找那两个根本不存在的他系精灵。
Liang Tong and the other elves did not leave Jinshui Village immediately, they were still looking for the two other elves that did not exist at all.
王叶也趁着这几天的工夫，和几位师父对这些魔螨和土壤等做了更进一步的分析。
Wang Ye also took advantage of the work of the past few days to make further analyses of these magic mites and soil with several masters.
同时，他也在观察小光它们除过虫的田地的变化。 At the same time, he is also observing the changes in the fields where Xiaoguang has removed insects.
三天过去，那五亩田地依旧没有一只魔螨侵袭过去，就连土壤中也没有新的虫卵出现。
Three days have passed, and not a single demon mite has invaded the five acres of fields, and no new eggs have appeared in the soil.
这种现象也让金水村的精灵们更加抱怨梁桐。 This phenomenon also made the elves of Jinshui Village complain about Liang Tong even more.
梁桐并不后悔自己要抓捕王叶的行为，这是他的职责。可在看到那小孩实际的除虫效果后，他也不得不反省他当时对小孩的态度是不是太恶劣了一些。
Liang Tong did not regret his act of arresting Wang Ye, it was his duty. But after seeing the child's actual insect control effect, he also had to reflect on whether his attitude towards the child at that time was too bad.
上面在发消息催他，问他有没有找到那两个他系精灵。金水村这边的精灵则在暗中埋怨他，有些精灵看他们的目光都很冰冷。梁桐待不住了。
The above was sending a message urging him, asking him if he had found the two elves he was. The elves on this side of Jinshui Village were secretly complaining about him, and some of the elves looked at them with cold eyes. Liang Tong couldn't wait.
他打算留下一队精灵战士继续寻找那两名他系精灵，而他则回去复命。
He planned to leave a team of elven warriors to continue the search for the two elves of his kind, while he went back to his life.
眼看梁桐就要回去主城，王叶偷偷跑去翡爵家里，和他碰了个面。
Seeing that Liang Tong was about to go back to the main city, Wang Ye secretly went to Feijue's house and met him.
翡爵看到王叶，非常惊讶：“你还在村里？” Fei Jue was very surprised when he saw Wang Ye: "You are still in the village?" ”
王叶插腰昂头道：“我师父们告诉我，做人要讲信誉。我答应你要帮你们村除虫，我还没做完，当然不会离开。”
Wang Ye raised his head and said, "My masters told me that being a man must be trustworthy. I promised you to help your village get rid of the insects, but I haven't finished it yet, so of course I won't leave. ”
翡爵眼中出现笑意，很想摸摸小孩的头。 A smile appeared in Feijue's eyes, and he wanted to touch the child's head.
王叶躲开了：“你还想不想知道这些魔螨是怎么回事？”
Wang Ye dodged away: "Do you still want to know what is going on with these demon mites?" ”
翡爵笑：“当然。” Fei Jue smiled: "Of course. ”
王叶就说了部分事实：“这些魔螨并不是真正的生命体，它们更像是一种分身，一种能量收集器。有谁躲在暗中，操纵这些魔螨，通过这些魔螨啃食植物来收集能量。这样做，看起来效果低，但实际上要比直接吞噬秘境能量和土壤要好。因为后者会竭泽而渔，前者只要有你们不断种植，就可以细水长流地维持很长一段时间。”
Wang Ye said part of the truth: "These demon mites are not real life forms, they are more like a kind of doppelganger, a kind of energy harvester. Who hides in the shadows, manipulates these magic mites, and collects energy through these magic mites that eat plants. Doing so may seem ineffective, but it's actually better than directly devouring the energy and soil of the secret realm. Because the latter will fish with all its might, and the former can sustain itself for a long time as long as you continue to plant. ”
翡爵变色。 Figie changes color.
王叶：“但这躲在后面的操纵者已经快要控制不住自己的胃口，这点从附近镇村的魔螨越来越多也能看出。当田地产出的作物能量无法满足魔螨操纵者，下一步肯定是往其他非作物的草木发展。”
Wang Ye: "But the manipulator hiding behind is about to lose control of his appetite, which can be seen from the increasing number of demon mites in nearby towns and villages. When the crop energy produced in the field cannot satisfy the demon mite manipulator, the next step must be to develop into other non-crop plants and trees. ”
“可我们都知道，生物圈是相依相存的关系，田地作物减少，你们精灵食物不够，必然要增加渔猎数量。可随着草原、树林逐步消失，生活在草原和树林中的生物也会逐渐消亡，再加上你们的捕猎，这个消亡速度会更快。”
"But we all know that the biosphere is interdependent, and the crops in the fields are decreasing, and you elves are not enough to eat, so you must increase the number of fish and hunts. But as the grasslands and woods gradually disappear, the creatures that live in the grasslands and woods will gradually disappear, and with your hunting, this will disappear even faster. ”
“如此发展下去，这个秘境以及你们木精灵最后会有什么样的结局，就不用我说了吧？”
"If this development continues, I don't need to tell you what kind of ending this secret realm and your wood elves will have in the end, right?"
翡爵是个很冷静也很理智的人，可此刻他稳了好一会儿，才让自己的心神稳定下来。
Fei Jue is a very calm and rational person, but at this moment he stabilized for a while before his mind stabilized.
虽然面前只是一个小孩子，但翡爵再也不敢把小孩真当一个不懂事的小孩看。
Although it was just a child in front of him, Fei Jue no longer dared to treat the child as an ignorant child.
只小孩说出的这些话，就足够引起任何一名木精灵的重视。
The words of a child alone are enough to attract the attention of any Wood Elf.
王叶又道：“如果你们不相信，可以派出精灵去往这个秘境的其他地方进行探查，看是不是魔螨遍地开花并越来越多，而农作物和植物则在逐渐减少。”
Wang Ye said again: "If you don't believe it, you can send elves to other places in this secret realm to investigate and see if there are more and more demon mites blooming everywhere, while crops and plants are gradually decreasing. ”
“操纵者躲在哪里？”翡爵声音都变得有点暗哑。 "Where are the manipulators hiding?" Feijue's voice became a little hoarse.
“我不知道。不过你们可以从魔螨一开始出现的地方和时间来推断，这个操纵者越来越贪婪，也说明它的理智已经越来越薄弱，这会让它的所作所为留下很多蛛丝马迹，只要你们肯仔细查，并敢于怀疑，一定可以找出这个幕后操纵者。”
"I don't know. However, you can infer from the place and time when the magic mite first appeared that this manipulator is becoming more and more greedy, which also means that its sanity has become weaker and weaker, which will leave a lot of clues in what it has done, as long as you are willing to investigate carefully and dare to doubt, you will definitely be able to find out the manipulator behind the scenes. ”
“我知道了。”翡爵不是不怀疑小孩的话。但小孩说出的未来推断太可怕，翡爵不得不重视，也不敢不重视。
"I see." It's not that Fei Jue doesn't doubt the child's words. But the future inference that the child said was too terrible, and Fei Jue had to pay attention to it, and he didn't dare to ignore it.
“那么你知道如何具体消灭这些魔螨的方法吗？”翡爵带着期盼问道。
"So do you know how to get rid of these magic mites?" Fei Jue asked expectantly.
王叶摇头，翡爵心底一凉。 Wang Ye shook his head, and Fei Jue's heart was cold.
但王叶紧接着说道：“我的方法就是用虫子来解决虫子，你知道我是虫老魔的弟子，我师父给了我一批虫子，它们能吃掉魔螨和虫卵，但这只是暂时之计。如果不能解决魔螨的根源，那现在做的一切都毫无意义。”
But Wang Ye then said: "My method is to use insects to solve insects, you know that I am a disciple of the old demon of insects, my master gave me a batch of insects, they can eat demon mites and eggs, but this is only a temporary solution." If you can't solve the root cause of the magic mites, then everything you are doing now is meaningless. ”
“我会去调查这件事。”翡爵目光坚定，他同时恳求和拜托王叶：“根源问题要解决，但村子里的作物也不能就这么放着不管，能不能请你先用你的虫子把那些魔螨消灭掉？包括附近其他村镇的。”
王叶点头：“你们村的，我肯定会帮忙，毕竟我答应了你。不过我们似乎还没谈具体报酬？”
翡爵勉强笑了笑：“报酬不会少了你的。”
王叶举起手，用力张开：“消除一亩地的魔螨和虫卵，要五篮子上次你们送我的那种红红的果子。”
翡爵脸上的笑容变得真切起来：“你确定？那就是普通野果，林子里到处都有，还不好保存。”
“味道好，就要它。保存的事不用你们操心。”王叶觉得翡爵和这里的木精灵真的很没眼光，那红果子在未来可是大名鼎鼎。
别看人家只是一级魔植，可这果子能制作肢体再生药剂，就问牛不牛？
而且作为魔食材料，这果子还有一个特殊效果，就是增味，是天然味精，比顶级鸡精的效果都好。
这种名叫柳红果的果子在外面只有无尽森海中才有，可无尽森海后来……玩家都知道那里有多坑！
而这种果子在这里却到处都是，根本不值钱。王叶这几天在林子里就采集了不少，可他一个人也采集不了多少，这才想到要让木精灵们帮忙。
翡爵也觉得这孩子傻得可爱，心想果然还是小孩子，除掉一亩地的魔螨和虫卵，竟然只要那么五篮子不值钱的野果。
因为王叶的这份傻，翡爵对小孩的好感度快速飙升，也越发相信他的研究结果和推测。
Because of Wang Ye's stupidity, Feijue's favorability towards children soared rapidly, and he believed more and more in his research results and speculations.
“你们采集到果子，先放在你这里，过两天我再过来拿。”有传送卷轴，王叶随时可以过来这边。
"When you have gathered the fruit, put it with you first, and then I will come and get it in two days." There is a teleportation scroll, and Wang Ye can come over here at any time.
“你要离开？”翡爵警觉地问。 "You're leaving?" Fei Jue asked alertly.
王叶也没隐瞒他：“我要去看看其他地方的魔螨，多验证一番。而且我觉得那些魔螨似乎盯上我了，我不能留在同一个地方太久。”
Wang Ye didn't hide it from him: "I'm going to see the demon mites in other places and verify more." And I feel like those demon mites are eyeing me, and I can't stay in the same place for long. ”
“我知道了，你万事小心。”翡爵看王叶来去自如，貌似还能隐身，就没说要派精灵战士保护他。
"I see, you be careful." Fei Jue saw that Wang Ye came and went freely, and it seemed that he could still be invisible, so he didn't say that he would send elven warriors to protect him.
翡爵还试图解释：“主城那边……请你不要生气，他们只是担心有人对我们怀有恶意。你看，他们并没有一上来就对你打打杀杀，现在他们也很后悔，找你并不是要抓捕你，而是想请你继续帮忙。”
Fei Jue also tried to explain: "The main city is ...... Please don't be angry, they're just worried that someone has malicious intentions towards us. You see, they didn't beat you up and kill you as soon as they came up, and now they regret it too, and they didn't come to you to arrest you, but to ask you to continue to help. ”
王叶抬起手，一副小孩的幼稚口吻道：“你不用说了，我明白。我也没有怨恨对方，不过主城那边要是不求我，不给我更多的红果子，我才不要帮他们！”
Wang Ye raised his hand and said in a childish tone: "You don't need to say it, I understand." I didn't resent the other party, but if the main city didn't beg me and give me more red fruits, I wouldn't help them! ”
翡爵笑，多少放心了一些，心想还是小孩子好哄。为此，他打算也去主城一趟，他不能让这么讲信誉的好孩子吃亏，也不想让这份交情断掉。至于梁桐那边……翡爵并不怕对方，他并不是土生土长的金水村村民，他在主城也有关系的好吗。
Fei Jue smiled, somewhat relieved, thinking that it was still better to be a child. For this reason, he plans to go to the main city as well, he can't let such a good boy with such a reputation suffer, and he doesn't want this friendship to be broken. As for Liang Tong's side...... Fei Jue is not afraid of the other party, he is not a native of Jinshui Village, and he also has a relationship in the main city.
翡爵这边暗中去找村长说明情况并做安排。 Fei Jue secretly went to the village chief to explain the situation and make arrangements.
王叶留下部分浮游光虫，让它们继续捕食魔螨和虫卵，就藏在虫巢中，附身在梁桐身上，跟他一起乘坐传送阵前往了木精灵主城。
Wang Ye left some planktonic light insects and let them continue to hunt demon mites and insect eggs, so he hid in the insect nest, possessed Liang Tong, and rode the teleportation array with him to the main city of the wood elves.
第259章 溜进圣地 Chapter 259: Slipping into the Holy Land
有精灵带路就是好，王叶直接见到了木精灵的族长。 It's good to have elves to lead the way, and Wang Ye directly met the patriarch of the wood elves.
梁桐非常负责地把他在金水村的所见所闻都如实说了一遍，包括他对王叶的态度，以及王叶在金水村做出的贡献。
Liang Tong was very responsible for telling the truth about what he saw and heard in Jinshui Village, including his attitude towards Wang Ye and Wang Ye's contribution in Jinshui Village.
“我知道了。”族长详细询问了王叶的来历，让梁桐继续留意他系精灵的消息，就挥手让梁桐下去了。
族长原地坐了好一会儿，似乎在为什么事忧愁，又像是在思考什么。
The patriarch sat there for a long time, as if he was worried about something, and as if he was thinking about something.
过了很久才起身。 It took a long time to get up.
王叶没敢靠族长太近，这位族长的气势很强大，师父们也说了他不亚于圣级，王叶怕靠太近，被对方发现。
Wang Ye didn't dare to get too close to the patriarch, this patriarch's momentum was very strong, and the masters also said that he was no less than the saint level, Wang Ye was afraid of getting too close and being discovered by the other party.
王叶已经足够小心。 Wang Ye was careful enough.
可当那位族长来到一株巨大的，腰身足足有五个成年人合包那么粗的大树前，口念咒语，大树跟前出现一道光门，族长迈腿走入光门，王叶想要同时跟进时，却被那株大树毫不客气地排斥了出来。
But when the patriarch came to a huge tree as thick as five adults at the waist, and recited a spell, a light gate appeared in front of the big tree, and the patriarch walked into the light gate with his legs, and Wang Ye wanted to follow up at the same time, but was unceremoniously rejected by the big tree.
更糟糕的是，那位族长竟然又返身走了回来。 To make matters worse, the patriarch turned around and walked back.
抬手就向他攻击。 Raise your hand and attack him.
王叶赶紧操纵虫巢迅速躲避，随后就假装尘埃，躲在一边，半点气息不敢泄露。
Wang Ye hurriedly manipulated the insect nest to dodge quickly, and then pretended to be dust and hid aside, not daring to leak any breath.
族长来回扫视大树前的空地。 The patriarch scanned the clearing in front of the tree back and forth.
守卫的精灵战士立刻过来：“族长，发生了什么事？” The elven warrior who was guarding immediately came over: "Patriarch, what happened?" ”
族长脸色不太好看：“有跟踪者，他想跟着我进入圣殿。对方不是精灵族，生命之树排斥了他。”
The patriarch's face was not very good-looking: "There is a stalker, he wants to follow me into the temple." The other party is not an elf, and the tree of life rejects him. ”
精灵战士们在头领命令下迅速散开，一寸寸开始寻找入侵者。
The elven warriors quickly dispersed under the leader's orders, and began to search for the intruder inch by inch.
为了找出这个入侵者，族长没有再去圣殿，他手中突然出现一根魔杖。
In order to find out this intruder, the patriarch did not go to the temple again, and a wand suddenly appeared in his hand.
族长举起魔杖，口中念出一句咒语，魔杖杖头发出一道光芒。
The patriarch raised his wand and uttered a spell in his mouth, and the head of the wand glowed.
族长对着空中轻轻一点。 The patriarch tapped lightly into the air.
无数绿色光点凭空出现。 Countless green dots of light appeared out of thin air.
这些绿色光点宛如闪耀的小星星，就算在白天也能看得很清楚，而且飘飘荡荡，让整个生命之树和周围的一切充满童话氛围。
实际上这些绿色光点可不是看来好看的。
如果有隐身者，或使用隐身术的人，在这些绿色光点的照耀下，立刻会现出原形。
可王叶的使用的不是隐身术，他相当于是躲入了次空间中。
而他的虫巢次空间与这个世界的唯一联系，也是唯一出入口就是一粒肉眼几乎看不见的尘埃。
绿色光点照耀下，也浮起了无数尘埃。
族长再次挥舞魔杖，无数尘埃几次分裂。
王叶被那股庞大的能量给卷起，赶紧扭曲空间，还不敢做得太明显，幸好一粒尘埃大的空间变化并不是那么明显，幸好这位族长大人擅长的并不是空间术，而且这位族长并不想要毁了生命之树广场，他只使用了七成实力。
虫巢宛如卷进了海浪中，一道道庞大的能量从身边卷过。王叶再次庆幸他在进入裂隙战场之前升级了虫巢，让虫巢可以经得起这么一阵搓揉。
族长停止攻击，他环视整个广场，怀疑那个入侵者已经跑远。
“不能让那个入侵者逃掉，追！”族长一挥手，率领生命之树周围的精灵战士一起追了出去。
王叶吐了口气。
虫巢中的众成员并没有受到太大影响。
“生命之树啊。”兰道仰头看着那株生命力旺盛的大树，满脸都是向往和孺慕。
“看来无尽森海精灵族那边的生命之树果然不是真生命之树。”虫老也看着大树感叹。
疯药王的表情有点讽刺。
王叶瞄了他好几眼。这位好像知道真正的生命之树是什么样，如今看这老疯子的神情，明显这棵树也只是普通的生命之树，而不是真生命之树。
小云仰头看着大树，表情似乎有点垂涎。
“你看那个族长会是被寄生者吗？”闻笛问王叶。
王叶皱眉道：“我不敢靠太近，但应该不是对方，我在对方身上没有感到半点智慧寄生虫族的气息。”
小光也点头：“咿咿！不是他。”
“接下来怎么办？”雷木问：“是要操纵虫巢在这附近飞一遍，碰碰运气吗？”
王叶耸肩：“也只能如此了。”
小云吧嗒吧嗒跑到王叶身边，扯扯他的裤腿：“小叶子，趁那些精灵不在，你去扯几把那棵树的叶子。”
金宝也想要，他看到这棵树的树叶就很想吃。
虫老则指向生命之树树根下一个小池子：“几个小傻瓜，那才是宝贝。如果我所料不错，那就是生命之液，十级圣药，不管是直接使用，还是配药、炼金等等，都会有奇效。”
疯药王虽然知道那不是真生命之树，但一株能长到这么大的十级魔植也极为少见，几乎见不到，当下更是拍打王叶的肩膀，连声催促道：“小叶子，快快快，趁那些精灵不在，赶紧出去弄一点。”
王叶也心动，但这东西是好拿的吗？
如今他愿意帮忙，是精灵族欠他。
一旦他拿了生命之液这样宝贵的东西，那最后谁欠谁就不好说了。
搞不好他在这里辛辛苦苦忙活一场，最后却只能打白工，说不定还落不着好。
所以东西拿可以，但要看方式啊。
王叶正在想着他要如何和木精灵们谈判，最好木精灵也能像其他系精灵一样，跟他做生意。
兰道忽然道：“不要出去。如果我没看错，那位族长走的时候施展了一个九级的木系魔法，只要出去，那魔法一旦察觉我们不是木精灵，我们就会瞬间变成木头人。”
王叶挑眉。这位族长很强也很聪敏嘛。他那个样子，谁看了都像是真的离开去追人了。
Wang Ye raised his eyebrows. This patriarch is very strong and smart. The way he looked, anyone who saw it looked like he had really left to chase people.
就在一家老小盯着伪生命之树和伪生命之液流口水时，族长和精灵战士又悄无声息地出现。
Just as the family stared at the pseudo-tree of life and the pseudo-life liquid and drooled, the patriarch and the elven warrior quietly appeared again.
疯药王嘀咕：“埋伏后手不算，竟然还杀了个回头枪，真够狡猾！”
The Mad Medicine King muttered: "After the ambush, it doesn't count, but even killed a back gun, it's really cunning enough!" ”
“不在。看来是真的跑了。”一名精灵战士低声道。 "No. It seems that it really ran away. An elven warrior whispered.
族长来回细看，还走到生命之液池子边，但他什么异常都没有发现。
The patriarch looked back and forth, and walked to the pool of life liquid, but he didn't notice anything abnormal.
“传我命令，让主城全面警戒，注意任何异常。生命之树这边的守护人手翻倍，巡逻次数翻倍。”
"Pass my orders to keep the main city on full alert and watch out for any anomalies. The number of guardians on this side of the Tree of Life has been doubled, and the number of patrols has been doubled. ”
“是！” "Yes!"
族长再次来到生命之树正面，也再次用手触摸生命之树树身，口念咒语。
The patriarch once again came to the front of the Tree of Life, touched the body of the Tree of Life with his hand again, and recited a mantra.
光门再现，族长特意停顿一秒，这才跨入光门中。 The light gate reappeared, and the patriarch deliberately paused for a second before stepping into the light gate.
光门竟然没有消失，就明晃晃地亮在那儿。 The light gate did not disappear, but it lit up brightly.
“这是陷阱，还是就是这样？”王叶无法分辨。 "Is this a trap, or is that it?" Wang Ye couldn't tell the difference.
“九成是陷阱，想看看我们会不会跟着再尝试一次。”虫老道。
"Ninety percent of them are traps, I want to see if we will try again." Worm old way.
靳蜘蛛也道：“应该已经做了手脚，这种传送门可以做很多手脚，除了验证身份，还可以困杀和传到错误地点等等。”
Jin Spider also said: "It should have been done with hands and feet, this kind of portal can do a lot of hands and feet, in addition to verifying identity, it can also trap and kill and transmit to the wrong place, etc." ”
“也就是现在不是木精灵就不能进去？”王叶盯着光门，脑中飞快转着各种念头。
"That is, if you are not a wood elf, you can't go in now?" Wang Ye stared at the light gate, and all kinds of thoughts were spinning in his mind.
一看这光门，就知道光门后所在肯定很重要，那位族长还说是圣地。王叶能忍住不去探一探吗？
As soon as he saw this light gate, he knew that the location behind the light gate must be very important, and the patriarch also said that it was a holy place. Can Wang Ye resist not to explore?
兰道看王叶似乎束手无策，又很想进去的样子，思考再三，还是说出了他知道的一点关于精灵族的秘闻。
Lan Dao saw that Wang Ye seemed helpless, and he really wanted to go in, and after thinking about it again, he still said a little secret about the elf clan that he knew.
“我听过精灵族的圣地，那里只有精灵王和大祭司才能进去，就是其他各系族长和各系祭司想要进去，都要获得王和大祭司的共同允许。但我想圣地应该不在这里，就算木精灵们把生命之树带出来了，圣地也不可能被他们带出。”
"I have heard of the holy land of the elves, where only the elven king and the high priest can enter, that is, if the other patriarchs and priests of the other clans want to enter, they must obtain the joint permission of the king and the high priest. But I don't think the Holy Land is here, and even if the Wood Elves bring out the Tree of Life, it is impossible for them to take the Holy Land out. ”
王叶连忙问：“兰道师父，那您觉得这个木精灵的圣地里有什么？”
Wang Ye hurriedly asked, "Master Landau, what do you think is in this sacred land of wood elves?" ”
兰道摇头，神情有些古怪：“我不知道这个木精灵的圣地有什么，但据我所知，精灵族的圣地里藏的就是生命之树。”
Lan Dao shook his head, his expression a little strange: "I don't know what this sacred place of wood elves is, but as far as I know, the sacred place of the elven clan hides the tree of life. ”
“这么说来，这颗超级大的生命之树也只是伪生命之树，就和无尽森海精灵族地里的那棵树一样，只是一株罕见的十级魔植。”王叶搓搓下巴：“而真的生命之树却给木精灵们藏了起来。”
"In this way, this super large tree of life is only a pseudo-tree of life, just like the tree in the land of the Endless Forest Sea Elves, it is just a rare tenth-level demon plant." Wang Ye rubbed his chin: "And the real tree of life is hidden for the wood elves. ”
“你想进去？”兰道也心动。他是混血精灵，一辈子都不可能进入圣地，连靠近都不太可能，更别说看到真正的生命之树。
"You want to go in?" Landau was also impressed. He is a half-blood elf, and it is impossible for him to enter the Holy Land in his lifetime, and it is unlikely that he will even get close, let alone see the real Tree of Life.
可现在他们却有了见到真生命之树的机会。 But now they have the opportunity to see the True Tree of Life.
而对于任何一名精灵包括混血精灵来说，如果能得到一片真生命之树的树叶，或者一两滴真生命之液，那几乎可以产生质的改变。
And for any elf, including half-blood elves, if they can get a leaf of the Tree of True Life, or a drop or two of the Liquid of True Life, it can almost make a qualitative difference.
王叶看向雷木，他希望雷木能变得更强大，彻底脱离被某些阴谋者控制的可能。
Wang Ye looked at Lei Mu, he hoped that Lei Mu could become stronger and completely free from the possibility of being controlled by some conspirators.
那么这个圣地里藏着的东西是否会对雷木有帮助？ So what is hidden in this holy place will be helpful to Thunderwood?
“我想再试一次。”王叶下定决心。 "I want to try again." Wang Ye made up his mind.
他就是个自私的家伙，比起找出木精灵中谁被智慧寄生虫族寄生，他更想帮自家人捞好处。
He's a selfish guy, and he wants to help his family more than find out who among the wood elves is parasitized by the intelligent parasitic zerg.
当然，考虑到因果，他也不会莽撞地捞。 Of course, considering cause and effect, he will not be reckless.
但这个圣地，他无论如何都要进去看一看。 But this holy place, he had to go in and have a look at it no matter what.
他有种古怪的直觉，这圣地里藏着的东西一定很关键。 He had a strange instinct that what was hidden in this holy place must be crucial.
“你要怎么试？”兰道问出这句话，就看王叶亮出了左手手背。
"How are you going to try?" When Lan Dao asked this sentence, he saw Wang Ye show the back of his left hand.
王叶让两个精灵印记亮起，再操纵虫巢小心翼翼地靠近光门。
Wang Ye let the two elven marks light up, and then manipulated the insect nest to cautiously approach the light gate.
就在快要接近光门时，雷木突然喊道：“停下！” Just as he was about to approach the light gate, Lei Mu suddenly shouted, "Stop! ”
王叶迅速停下，转头问他：“木木，怎么了？” Wang Ye quickly stopped, turned his head and asked him, "Mumu, what's wrong?" ”
“别系精灵说不定同样会被排斥，更何况你只是拥有印记，并不是真的精灵。你带大家进入我的精灵空间，我来进这道门试试。”雷木冷静地道。
"Other elves may also be rejected, not to mention that you only have a mark, not a real elf. You take everyone into my elf space, and I'll try to enter this door. Raimu said calmly.
王叶皱眉：“你是想……” Wang Ye frowned: "You want to ......"
“对。”雷木打断王叶。 "Yes." Lei Mu interrupted Wang Ye.
兰道立刻明白了雷木的意思，当即道：“与其让你尝试，还不如我来，我的木精灵血脉比你浓郁。”
Lan Dao immediately understood what Lei Mu meant, and immediately said: "Instead of letting you try, it is better for me to come, my wood elf blood is stronger than yours." ”
雷木摇头：“我虽然遗传了您的木精灵血脉，但我可以对我的血脉进行提纯转换，总之……”
Lei Mu shook his head: "Although I have inherited your Wood Elf bloodline, I can purify and convert my bloodline, in short, ......"
雷木当着大家的面，开始转变。 In front of everyone, Lei Mu began to transform.
三头身的小雷木出现了。粉嫩的小脸蛋上和身上浮现出一些淡淡的绿色纹路，头顶冒出两只小巧的翡翠角，角上还有两颗嫩嫩的小芽芽，背后一对淡绿色的毛茸茸小翅膀，这对翅膀简直就是王叶的最爱。
The three-headed little thunderwood appeared. Some faint green lines appeared on the pink little face and body, two small jade horns emerged from the top of the head, and there were two tender small buds on the horns, and a pair of pale green fluffy wings on the back, which were simply Wang Ye's favorites.
王叶眼睛变成了心形。这样的木木真的太可爱了~！ Wang Ye's eyes turned into a heart shape. Such a wooden wood is really cute~!
“我的宝贝木木，快让爸爸抱抱~”王叶上前就要抱起小木木。
"My baby Mumu, let my father hug it~" Wang Ye stepped forward to pick up Xiao Mumu.
雷木拍开王叶的爪子，身后的小翅膀一扇，竟然飞了起来。
Lei Mu slapped Wang Ye's claws, and the small wings behind him flapped, and they actually flew up.
那么小的翅膀，理论上根本飞不起来，可雷木就是飞了起来。
With such small wings, theoretically it can't fly at all, but Lei Mu just flies.
众位大佬和几个小的都看傻眼了，他们都是第一次看到这样的雷木。
The big guys and a few small ones were dumbfounded, they were all the first time they had seen such a thunder wood.
兰道最为吃惊，因为这样的雷木，除了头上的小角，他竟然和传说中的远古纯血木精灵幼崽一模一样。
Landau was most surprised, because such a thunder wood, except for the small horns on his head, he turned out to be exactly the same as the legendary ancient pure-blooded wood elf cub.
而现在绝大多数的精灵幼崽都没有翅膀了，不知道是进化还是退化。
And now the vast majority of elven cubs have no wings, and it is not known whether they have evolved or degenerated.
而精灵幼崽脸上和身上的纹路则代表他们的潜能，随着长大，这些纹路会逐渐隐藏起来。
The lines on the face and body of the elven cubs represent their potential, and as they grow older, these lines will gradually become hidden.
兰道虽然是木精灵混血，但他身上留下的精灵痕迹并不多。
Although Landau is a hybrid of wood elves, there are not many elven traces left on his body.
疯药王激动地围着雷木绕圈：“竟然是纯血木精灵！怎么可能？这简直就是奇迹！”
The Mad Medicine King excitedly circled around Lei Mu: "It turned out to be a pure-blooded wood elf!" How can it be? It's nothing short of a miracle! ”
金宝喜欢死了这样的雷木爸爸，不对，现在应该是叫哥哥？
Jinbao likes to die like this Lei Mu Dad, no, it should be called brother now?
“爸叽！哥哥！抱！”好嘛，刺激得金宝又蹦出几个单字了。
"Dad! Brother! Embrace! "Okay, it's so exciting that Jinbao pops out a few words again.
虫老和闻笛则一起斜睨王叶：这个小混蛋果然还藏有秘密！
Worm Lao and Wen Di squinted at Wang Ye together: This little bastard really has a secret!
王叶：我冤！这明明不是我的秘密，这是雷木的。 Wang Ye: I'm wronged! This is obviously not my secret, this is Leimu's.
闻笛用眼神道：藏在你身边的，就是你的。这么重要的事，你们俩竟然敢瞒着我。
Wen Di said with his eyes: What is hidden by your side is yours. You two dare to hide such an important matter from me.
王叶望天：这不是没来得及说嘛。 Wang Ye Wangtian: It's not that I didn't have time to say it.
“你怎么会？”兰道心神都在雷木身上，以往的冷静都要消失：“那个该死的伯思圣到底对你做了什么！”
"How could you?" Landau's mind was all on Lei Mu, and his previous calmness was about to disappear: "What did that damn Bo Si Sheng do to you!" ”
雷木笑了笑，安抚兰道：“不管他们对我做了什么，目前来看结果还不错。”
Lei Mu smiled and reassured Lan: "No matter what they do to me, the results are not bad so far." ”
王叶撇嘴。 Wang Ye pouted.
雷木飞到王叶跟前，小手摸摸他的头。他能变成过这样，也是托小叶子的福。
Lei Mu flew up to Wang Ye and touched his head with his little hand. He can become like this, which is also a blessing for Xiaoyezi.
王叶的心顿时化了，嘟囔：“你这么可爱，出去太危险了，如果这边的木精灵非要把你留下来怎么办？”
Wang Ye's heart suddenly melted, and he muttered: "You are so cute, it's too dangerous to go out, what if the wood elves here have to keep you?" ”
“他们留不住我，我可以立刻传送到你的空间中。”雷木也是有不被抓住的把握才这么做。
"They can't keep me, I can teleport to your space right away." Remu also did this because he was sure that he wouldn't be caught.
王叶还是觉得不妥。 Wang Ye still felt that it was inappropriate.
雷木拍拍他的脑袋：“我只是看起来小，就跟你一样，我对你放心，你也应该对我更有信心一点。”
Lei Mu patted his head: "I just look small, just like you, I am at ease with you, and you should have more confidence in me." ”
金宝飞快蹿到雷木肩膀上，他要跟着雷木爸爸（哥哥？）。
Jinbao jumped on Thunderwood's shoulders quickly, and he wanted to follow Thunderwood's father (brother?) ）。
王叶心念一动，动手把金宝身上的伪装去除，对雷木道：“你带着金宝。”
Wang Ye's heart moved, and he moved to remove the disguise from Jinbao's body, and said to Lei Mu: "You take Jinbao with you." ”
“嗯？这不妥吧，如果金宝被排斥怎么办？”雷木不想带金宝一起冒险。
"Huh? That's not right, what if Jinbao is ostracized? "Remu didn't want to take Jinbao with him.
王叶看向光门：“如果这道光门真的能分辨木精灵，并且有多种功能，那么它一定也能分辨出金宝是纯精灵幼崽，我不相信木精灵一族会伤害精灵幼崽，哪怕是其他系的。”
Wang Ye looked at the light gate: "If this light gate can really distinguish wood elves, and has multiple functions, then it must also be able to distinguish that Jinbao is a pure elf cub, I don't believe that the wood elf clan will hurt the elf cubs, even if it is from other departments." ”
“这只是你的推测。”雷木还是不同意。 "It's just your speculation." Reimu still disagreed.
王叶却坚持道：“就算金宝真的被排斥，他也能传送回我的虫巢空间。”
Wang Ye insisted: "Even if Jinbao is really rejected, he can teleport back to my hive space." ”
金宝跟着叽叽叫，说他可以自己回家。 Jinbao followed and said that he could go home by himself.
“金宝，保护好你雷木爸爸。”王叶郑重道。 "Jinbao, protect your Father Leimu." Wang Ye said solemnly.
金宝激动了，叽叽呜呜一通乱叫。 Jinbao was excited, and screamed.
其他几个大人都没有阻止王叶，虽然他们不明白小叶子怎么非要坚持让雷木带上金宝，但小叶子做的神奇事情很多，他的直觉有时也敏锐得让他们这些大佬都佩服，就没多言。
The other adults didn't stop Wang Ye, although they didn't understand why Xiao Yezi insisted on letting Lei Mu bring Jinbao, but Xiao Yezi did a lot of magical things, and his intuition was sometimes so keen that they admired the big guys, so they didn't say much.
而他们没有阻止的最大原因，是笃定小叶子不可能在明知金宝有危险的情况下，还让他跟着雷木，更不可能让金宝拖雷木的后腿。
And the biggest reason why they didn't stop it was that it was impossible for Xiao Yezi to let him follow Lei Mu when he knew that Jinbao was in danger, let alone let Jin Bao drag Lei Mu's hind legs.
其实现在要王叶说出个所以然，他也说不出来。 In fact, if Wang Ye is asked to tell the reason now, he can't say it.
他就是觉得应该让金宝跟着雷木。 He just felt that Jinbao should follow Remu.
事情就这样说定，随后王叶就带着大家一起转移到了雷木的精灵空间中。
The matter was decided like this, and then Wang Ye took everyone to the elf space of Lei Mu.
虫老不由感叹：“这可真是方便。” The worm couldn't help but sigh: "This is really convenient." ”
闻笛笑：“也让两人多了逃生和互救的机会。” Wen Di smiled: "It also gives the two more opportunities to escape and save each other." ”
“是这样。”兰道也放松了些许，笑起来。 "That's right." Landau relaxed a little and laughed.
“有机会我也去弄个虫巢玩玩。”虫老自从去了噬魂虫的桎梏，那是浑身骨头都痒，以前是在学校等死，现在他只想赶紧升到圣级，好给自家的小兔崽子当靠山。
"I'll also get a hive to play with when I have a chance." Since the worm has gone to the shackles of the soul eater, it is itchy all over his body, he used to wait for death at school, and now he just wants to quickly rise to the holy level, so that he can be a backer for his little rabbit cub.
“雷木的空间也是虫巢？”闻笛打量周围。 "Thunderwood's space is also a hive?" Smell the flute and look around.
虫老推断：“应该不是。如果是，小叶子早说了。” Worm Lao reasoned: "It shouldn't be." If so, Xiao Yezi said it earlier. ”
兰道有所感觉，但他也不敢确定，他该怎么说？ Landau felt something, but he wasn't sure either, what should he say?
说他在这里感觉到浓厚的精灵气息了吗？甚至还有对精灵很重要的某种东西。
Did he feel a strong elven aura here? There's even something that's important to elves.
也许只是雷木把什么精灵族宝贝放到这个空间里了吧，兰道猜测。
Maybe it's just that Thunderwood put some elven treasure into this space, Landau guessed.
雷木等大家都进了他的空间，他就亮出了身形。 When Lei Mu waited for everyone to enter his space, he showed his figure.
守卫精灵战士一眼就发现了他。 The Guardian Elven Warrior spotted him at a glance.
可在发现他的同时，也呆滞了下。 But when he found him, he was also sluggish.
精灵幼崽？还是长着小翅膀、飞在半空中的小幼崽？
“喂，小家伙！这里不是你能来玩的地方。”第一个发现雷木的守卫战士一声喊，其他精灵战士也都发现了雷木。
"Hey, little one! This is not a place where you can come and play. The first guard warrior to find Thunderwood shouted, and the other elven warriors also discovered Thunderwood.
这下好了，呆滞的精灵战士多了一堆。 Well, there's a bunch more sluggish elven warriors.
他们不是没有看到过幼崽，但长翅膀还会自己飞起来的小幼崽，他们真的是第一次看到。
It's not that they haven't seen cubs before, but the little cubs with wings that can fly on their own are really the first time they have seen them.
伪装？假冒者？ Disguise? Impostors?
“小家伙，快过来，那里不要靠近！”精灵战士冲过去。
"Little one, come here, don't come near there!" The elven warrior rushed over.
雷木扭头看了他们一眼，一头就钻进了光门中。 Remu turned his head to look at them, and he slipped headlong into the light gate.
“喂！那里不是你能……”精灵战士们抓了个空。 "Hey! It's not up to you to ......," the elven warriors scratched.
小幼崽虽然小，可速度真的超级快。 Although the little cub is small, it is really fast.
没有被光门排斥，看来是真精灵幼崽。但就是这样，麻烦才大了好吗！
Not repelled by the light gate, it seems to be a true elf cub. But that's it, it's the big trouble, okay!
一名精灵战士站在光门前，忽然道：“你们刚才有没有注意到？”
An elven warrior stood in front of the light gate and suddenly said, "Did you notice just now?" ”
“注意到什么？”其他精灵战士都有点急，想着赶紧把消息传给长老知道，这么个小幼崽闯入圣地可是大事。
"Notice what?" The other elven warriors were a little anxious, thinking that they would quickly pass the news to the elders to know that it was a big deal for such a little cub to break into the holy land.
那名精灵战士满脸困惑并一副怀疑自己眼睛的模样说道：“那小家伙肩膀上有一只更小的小幼崽，不过不像是我们木系，更像是金系的，而且看起来像是才出生没几个月。”
The elven warrior looked confused and suspicious of his eyes and said, "That little guy has a smaller cub on his shoulder, but it doesn't look like it's wood, it's more like it's gold, and it looks like it's only been a few months old. ”
其他精灵战士：“……你看错了吧？” Other Elven Warriors: "...... Are you wrong? ”
“我也希望我看错了。” "I hope I'm wrong, too."
“快！把消息传给长老！问问那个小幼崽到底是谁家的？”
"Quick! Spread the word to the elders! Ask who that little cub is? ”
“谁家的小幼崽也没听说有长翅膀的。” "No one's little cub has ever heard of having wings."
“返祖了？会是长老们偷偷养着的宝贝蛋吗？” "Atavistic? Could it be a precious egg secretly raised by the elders? ”
完了！如果这小家伙真的是长老们偷偷孵化出来的远古宝贝精灵蛋，却让他就这么溜进圣地，他们这些看守的战士都要吃挂落了。
Finished! If this little guy was really an ancient treasure elf egg secretly hatched by the elders, but let him slip into the holy land like this, they, the warriors who guarded it, would be eaten and hanged.
第260章 见大祭司 Chapter 260: See the High Priest
族长翡睿并没有立刻去见大祭司，而是就守在出口处，他甚至施展了木系九级顶尖法术天罗地网，只要有恶客从光门里出来，只要他不是精灵族，只要他对木精灵心怀恶意，就算能突破光门封锁，也势必会被他抓住。
Patriarch Fei Rui did not immediately go to see the high priest, but stayed at the exit, he even cast a wood system of ninth-level top spells Heaven and Earth Net, as long as there is a villain out of the light gate, as long as he is not an elf, as long as he has malicious intentions towards the wood elves, even if he can break through the light gate blockade, he will inevitably be caught.
而如果对方不能突破光门的甄别，被光门判断为侵入者，那么不管对方来意是什么，都会被立刻传送到另一个地方。
And if the other party can't break through the screening of the light gate and is judged by the light gate as an intruder, then no matter what the other party's intentions are, they will be immediately teleported to another place.
那里可是连他都不敢轻易踏足的最可怕战场，更无法轻易脱离，八级以下进入那个战场几乎必死，八级到九级只能勉强自保。
It was the most terrifying battlefield that even he didn't dare to set foot on easily, and he couldn't easily get out of it, and if he entered that battlefield below level eight, he would almost die, and level eight to level nine could only barely protect himself.
族长耐心地等待着。 The patriarch waited patiently.
终于！光门有反应了，有东西从光门中飞了出来。 Finally! The light gate reacted, and something flew out of the light gate.
好家伙，竟然能突破光门的甄别和封锁，这个东西的实力说不定比他……
Good guy, he can actually break through the screening and blockade of the light gate, and the strength of this thing may be better than him......
哎？！ Ay?!
族长呆了一瞬，但他反应极快，原本攻向那东西的攻击法术硬生生被他调转了一个方向。
The patriarch was stunned for a moment, but he reacted extremely quickly, and the attack spell that was originally attacking that thing was suddenly reversed by him.
轰隆！尘土飞扬。 Bang! Dusty.
圣地传出巨大的爆炸声。 A loud explosion was heard from the Holy Land.
守护圣地的战士向这边快速集中。 The warriors guarding the Holy Land quickly concentrated in this direction.
位于圣地中心的神殿，女子缓缓抬起头，她没有睁开眼睛，但只要她想，圣地里的一切她都能看在眼里。
The shrine located in the center of the Holy Land, the woman slowly raised her head, she did not open her eyes, but as long as she wanted, she could see everything in the Holy Land.
“阿睿，带那两个孩子过来。”温柔的女声在圣地中回荡。
"Arrow, bring those two kids here." A gentle female voice echoed through the holy place.
族长和众位赶到的精灵战士们一起盯着长翅膀的小幼崽看，一个个表情怪异无比，他们不是没见过精灵幼崽，但这个一看就很特殊好不好！
The patriarch and the elven warriors who arrived stared at the little cub with wings, and their expressions were extremely strange, they hadn't seen the elf cub before, but this one was very special at first glance, okay!
族长听到大祭司吩咐，又看看蹲在木精灵幼崽肩头瞪着一双豆豆眼的金色小小幼崽，神色缓和下来，也没问他们的来历，就对两只小东西招招手：“你们跟我来。”
When the patriarch heard the high priest's command, he looked at the little golden cub who was squatting on the shoulder of the wood elf cub and staring at a pair of peas-eyes, his expression softened, and he didn't ask where they came from, but beckoned to the two little things: "You come with me." ”
雷木对族长行了个战士礼。 Remu gave the patriarch a warrior salute.
族长嘴唇动了动，像是在笑。 The patriarch's lips moved, as if he were smiling.
躲在精灵空间中的王叶等人也松了口气，能不打最好。 Wang Ye and the others, who were hiding in the elf space, also breathed a sigh of relief, it was best not to fight.
雷木没想到会这么顺利就见到了真正的生命之树……原来生命之树是半人半树吗？
Reimu didn't expect to see the real Tree of Life so smoothly...... Is the Tree of Life half human and half tree?
当雷木走进神殿圣庭，女子忽然激动起来。 When Lei Mu walked into the temple court, the woman suddenly became excited.
“过来，孩子，过来。”女子对雷木招手。 "Come here, kid, come here." The woman beckoned to Raigi.
“停下！不要过去。脚也不要踩到地面。”王叶在虫巢中突然叫道。
"Stop! Don't go over. Don't put your feet on the ground. Wang Ye suddenly shouted in the hive.
雷木停下，悬停在半空中。 Raimu stopped, hovering in midair.
族长回头看他，神色和蔼地道：“不要害怕，那是大祭司，她只是想看看你。”
The patriarch looked back at him and said with a kind expression: "Don't be afraid, that's the high priest, she just wants to see you." ”
雷木摇头，还是不肯接近。 Lei Mu shook his head, still refusing to approach.
女子温柔笑道：“没事，我这样子确实会让幼崽害怕，他不过来就不过来吧。”
The woman smiled softly: "It's okay, I will really make the cub scared like this, he won't come if he doesn't come." ”
族长看到大祭司的笑容，感动。他已经很久没有看到大祭司露出笑颜。
The patriarch was moved when he saw the high priest's smile. It had been a long time since he had seen the High Priest smile.
“这两个孩子是谁孵化出来的？那几颗带出来的远古精灵蛋不是都已经没有生机了吗？为什么还有一颗金精灵蛋？我不记得我们有带出他系的精灵蛋啊。”大祭司迷惑又好奇地问。
"Who hatched these two children? Aren't all the ancient elf eggs brought out of them lifeless? Why is there still a golden elf egg? I don't remember that we had the elven eggs he tied. The high priest asked, confused and curious.
族长闻言，当即苦笑：“这个问题也是我想问的。” When the patriarch heard this, he immediately smiled bitterly: "This question is also what I want to ask." ”
“哦？你不知道这两个孩子的来历？” "Oh? You don't know where these two children came from? ”
族长摇头：“我原本是想来跟您汇报其他事情，但在外面的庭院中我感到有人跟踪我，对方还想跟着我一起进入圣地，被光门拒绝，可我找寻一圈也没有找到跟踪者的身影。我原本已经做好捕捉准备，就在圣地这边等着，没想到最后突破进光门的竟然是这么两个小东西。”
The patriarch shook his head: "I originally wanted to report other things to you, but in the courtyard outside, I felt that someone was following me, and the other party wanted to follow me into the holy land, but I was rejected by the light gate, but I searched around and didn't find the stalker." I was ready to catch it, and I was waiting here at the Holy Land, but I didn't expect that it would be these two little things that broke through the light gate in the end. ”
族长微微皱眉：“如果一开始的跟踪者就是这两个小家伙，光门不会排斥他们。”
The patriarch frowned slightly: "If the stalkers at the beginning were these two little guys, the light gate would not reject them." ”
族长非常确定眼前的两只小崽不可能是伪装者，再厉害的伪装也不可能伪造纯血精灵血脉，也不可能让他和大祭司都看不出来。
The patriarch was very sure that the two cubs in front of him could not be pretenders, and no matter how powerful the disguise was, it was impossible to forge the bloodline of pure-blood elves, and it was impossible for him and the high priest not to see it.
“你们是不是由别的谁带进来的？土、水两系的精灵？”族长问？
"Did you come in from someone else? The spirits of earth and water? The patriarch asked?
也不对，如果是纯血精灵族，就算是他系，也不会被光门排斥，而是会被立时传送到专门关押他系精灵的“囚牢”内。
It's not right, if it's a pure-blooded elf clan, even if it's another line, it won't be rejected by the light gate, but will be immediately teleported to a "prison" dedicated to holding his elves.
小金精灵幼崽能跟着木精灵幼崽一起进来，不过是光门判断他没有多少威胁力，加上他血脉特殊，很可能也是远古纯血精灵，光门想让大祭司见见他，才会同意让他进入圣地。
The little golden elf cub can come in with the wood elf cub, but Guangmen judges that he does not have much threat, plus he has a special bloodline, and it is likely that he is also an ancient pure-blood elf, and Guangmen wants the high priest to meet him, so he will agree to let him enter the holy land.
雷木摇摇头，又点点头，开口道：“带我们进来的不是他系精灵，是一个人类小孩。”
Lei Mu shook his head, nodded again, and said, "The one who brought us in was not an elf, but a human child. ”
“人类小孩？金水村出现的那个孩子，陨星魔法学校的雷叶？”族长立刻想到梁桐跟他汇报的内容。
"Human kids? The kid who appeared in Jinshui Village, Lei Ye of the Meteorite Magic School? The patriarch immediately thought of what Liang Tong had reported to him.
雷木点头：“就是他。” Lei Mu nodded: "That's him." ”
族长不解：“你们和他是什么关系？你们是在哪里孵化的？没有成年精灵跟着你们吗？”
The patriarch was puzzled: "What is your relationship with him?" Where did you hatch? Aren't there adult elves with you? ”
金宝抢着答：“爸叽~呜呜叽叽~。” Jinbao hurriedly replied: "Dad~Woo Woo~." ”
族长和大祭司都惊讶了，互视一眼。 The patriarch and the high priest were surprised and looked at each other.
族长冲着稍微大点的雷木问：“这小东西说的是真的？他是那个人类小孩和你一起孵化的？”
The patriarch turned to the slightly older Lei Mu and asked, "Is what this little thing said true?" He was the human child who hatched with you? ”
雷木点头：“是，金宝是小叶子和我一起孵化的。而我是小叶子帮忙变成这样。我其实都没有做什么，主要是小叶子在忙，资源也都是他给的。”
Lei Mu nodded: "Yes, Jinbao was hatched by Xiaoye and me." And I'm Xiaoye to help become like this. I didn't actually do anything, mainly because Xiaoyezi was busy, and the resources were all given by him. ”
虫巢中，众人都能感觉到雷木这是在帮小叶子增加木精灵的好感度。
In the hive, everyone could feel that Lei Mu was helping Xiao Ye increase the favorability of the wood elves.
王叶则盯着那个大祭司看，小光也飞到他脑袋上，跟他咿咿个不停。
Wang Ye stared at the high priest, and Xiaoguang also flew to his head, babbling with him.
族长吃惊：“没有大人帮忙？” The patriarch was surprised: "No help from adults?" ”
雷木摇头。 Raimu shook his head.
族长感到不可思议，就因为他是精灵，所以他太清楚想要孵化一颗精灵蛋要耗费多少精力和资源。更何况这还是两颗远古精灵蛋，孵化难度翻倍都不止。
The patriarch was incredulous, just because he was an elf, he knew too well how much energy and resources it would take to hatch an elven egg. What's more, these are still two ancient elf eggs, and the difficulty of hatching has more than doubled.
“他是怎么把你们孵化的？不说其他东西，他哪来的生命之液？”族长问出关键。
"How did he hatch you? If nothing else, where did he get the liquid of life? The patriarch asked the key.
雷木闭紧嘴巴，明摆着不想回答这个问题。 Reimu kept his mouth shut, clearly not wanting to answer the question.
族长无奈，他也不好强迫小幼崽，只好换了一个问题：“他从哪里得到的精灵蛋？”
The patriarch was helpless, and he couldn't force the little cub, so he had to change the question: "Where did he get the elf egg?" ”
雷木指了指肩膀上的金宝：“他是小叶子在拍卖会上拍到的，当时只以为是一块石头，切开才知道是精灵蛋。”
Lei Mu pointed to the Jinbao on his shoulder: "He was auctioned by Xiao Yezi at the auction, and he only thought it was a stone at the time, but he only knew that it was an elf egg when he cut it." ”
“拍卖会？！”族长震惊，脱口道：“精灵蛋怎么会流落到拍卖会上？精灵族在搞什么！”
"Auction?!" The patriarch was shocked and blurted out, "How could the elf egg end up at auction?" What are the elves doing! ”
大祭司却像是想到了什么，脸上甚至露出了淡淡的欣慰的笑容。
The high priest seemed to have thought of something, and even had a faint smile of relief on his face.
雷木看向半人半树的大祭司，对她很好奇：“您是大祭司？”
Lei Mu looked at the half-human, half-tree high priest and was curious about her: "You are the high priest?" ”
大祭司微笑，“我是。” The High Priest smiled, "I am." ”
“大祭司您好。我是雷木，这是金宝。我们和小叶子并不是有意来到这里，而是被人迫害，被卷入空间裂缝，然后才掉到这里。”雷木解释。
"Hello High Priest. I'm Raimu, and this is Jinbao. We and Xiaoye didn't come here on purpose, but were persecuted by others, swept into a spatial rift, and then fell here. Remu explained.
大祭司若有所思：“你们说你和那个人类小孩一起掉入了这里，是什么时候？”
The High Priest pondered, "When did you say you fell here with that human child?" ”
雷木回答了。 Remu replied.
大祭司长长唔了一声。那个时间她感觉到的明明是两个土水系精灵。
The chief priest sighed. At that time, what she felt was obviously two earth and water spirits.
雷木帮她解开了这个谜题：“虽然不明白我们为什么掉入这里，但也许和小叶子得到精灵族的友谊有关。他手背上有土水两系的精灵印记。”
Thunderwood helped her solve the puzzle: "I don't understand why we fell here, but maybe it has something to do with the friendship that Xiaoye got from the elves." On the back of his hand is the spirit mark of the earth and water system. ”
“哦？这个小叶子也接触过其他精灵？”族长问。精灵印记可不是随便给外人的，那得是非常受到精灵族认可，而且是族长和祭司的认可才可以。
"Oh? This little leaf has also been in contact with other elves? The patriarch asked. The elven mark is not given to outsiders casually, it has to be very recognized by the elven clan, and it is recognized by the patriarch and priests.
雷木再次点头：“当小叶子把金宝孵化出来后，因为金宝太小，我们怕养不活，小叶子就决定把金宝送回无尽森海的精灵族。但那边的精灵族出了一点事，金宝也不习惯那边的生活，就又偷偷跑出来找我们。精灵族那边就把金宝委托给我们照顾，另外小叶子还帮精灵族配药，帮被寄生虫感染的精灵幼崽们除虫，又帮他们调养身体，这才获得……”
Lei Mu nodded again: "When Xiao Ye hatched Jinbao out, because Jinbao was too small, we were afraid that we would not be able to support it, so Xiao Yezi decided to send Jinbao back to the elf clan of the Endless Forest Sea. But something happened to the elves over there, and Jinbao wasn't used to life over there, so he secretly ran out to find us again. The elves entrusted Jinbao to us to take care of, and Xiao Yezi also helped the elves dispense medicine, help the elves infected with parasites to remove worms, and help them recuperate their bodies, so that they got ......"
“你说那边的精灵幼崽被寄生虫感染了？”大祭司突然打断雷木，她脸上的笑容也消失了。
"You said the elf cubs over there were infected with parasites?" The High Priestess interrupted Reimu abruptly, and the smile on her face vanished.
雷木：“对。” Remu: "Yes. ”
“感染了多少？” "How many are you infected?"
“应该是全部，无一幸免。” "It should be all, and no one is spared."
大祭司脸色变得有点灰白，就连族长的神色也变得难看起来。
The high priest's face turned a little pale, and even the patriarch's expression became ugly.
一切的发展似乎和大祭司当年看到的片段都吻合了，难道精灵族的悲惨命运真的无法逃脱吗？
Everything seems to be consistent with the clips that the high priest saw back then, is it true that the tragic fate of the elves cannot be escaped?
族长看到金宝对比身体显得很大的脑袋转来转去，心中一动，连忙问道：“你刚才说那个小叶子帮精灵族配了药，那么寄生虫解决了吗？”
The patriarch saw Jinbao's head, which was very big compared to his body, turn around, his heart moved, and he hurriedly asked, "You just said that Xiao Yezi helped the elf clan with medicine, so did the parasite solve it?" ”
雷木实话实说：“我不知道有没有全部解决，但效果应该很不错，那边的精灵来买了好几次药，还把药方也买了过去。小叶子看在我和金宝的份上，打虫药和药方几乎都是半卖半送。包括后来调配身体的药剂也是。”
Lei Mu said honestly: "I don't know if it's all solved, but the effect should be very good, the elf over there came to buy the medicine several times, and also bought the prescription." Xiao Yezi, for the sake of me and Jinbao, the insecticide and prescriptions are almost half sold and half given. Including the medicine that later blended the body. ”
族长和大祭司听雷木这样一说，虽然还没见到那个小叶子，但心中对他的好感度是↑↑↑往上升。
When the patriarch and the high priest heard Lei Mu say this, although they hadn't seen the little leaf yet, their favorability toward him in their hearts was ↑↑↑ rising.
大祭司更是追着问：“那个小叶子配出来的药物有效？真能除掉寄生虫？”
The high priest even chased after him and asked, "Is the medicine prepared by that little leaf effective?" Can it really get rid of parasites? ”
雷木肯定地道：“可以。不过……” Remu said affirmatively: "Yes." But ......"
“不过什么？”大祭司和族长齐声问。 "But what?" The high priest and the patriarch asked in unison.
雷木做出踌躇的表情。 Reimu made a hesitant expression.
族长立刻温和地道：“你不要害怕，有什么说什么，我们不管听到什么，都不会迁怒你们和那个小叶子。”
The patriarch immediately said gently: "Don't be afraid, if you have anything to say, no matter what we hear, we will not be angry with you and that little leaf." ”
雷木像是略微放心了，这才说道：“小叶子怀疑精灵族那边有成年精灵被寄生了，现在外面叫这种寄生虫为智慧寄生虫。这种寄生虫可以进入寄生者的身体，侵略他们的精神核，干掉原本的意识，占领被寄生者的身体，并让虫体和被寄生者身体融合，形成一种新寄生物种，但表面看，被寄生者的样子还是和以前一样。”
Lei Mu seemed to be slightly relieved, and then said: "Xiao Yezi suspects that there are adult elves on the elf clan who have been parasitized, and now this kind of parasite is called a wisdom parasite outside." This parasite can enter the parasite's body, invade their spiritual core, kill their original consciousness, occupy the parasite's body, and fuse the parasite's body with the parasite's body to form a new parasitic species, but on the surface, the parasitic person's appearance is still the same as before. ”
族长倒吸一口冷气：“这不就是夺舍？” The patriarch gasped: "Isn't this just taking away?" ”
“比夺舍更可怕。因为夺舍者至少不会想要灭亡整个族群。但智慧寄生虫族想要活命，想要扩散，就必须寄生其他生命体，越多越好，并掠夺其他生命体的精华，从而让智慧寄生虫族不断进化，这是它们的生命方式。”雷木小大人一样，语言清晰地说道。
"It's more terrible than taking away. Because the retaker doesn't want to destroy the entire race, at least. But if the intelligent parasites want to survive and spread, they must parasitize other life forms, the more the better, and plunder the essence of other life forms, so that the intelligent parasites will continue to evolve, which is their way of life. Lei Mu said clearly in the same language.
族长沉默，看向大祭司。 The patriarch was silent and looked at the high priest.
大祭司眼皮微微颤抖，低喃：“没错，就是这样，就是这么可怕，精灵族所有生命都会成为它们的养料，精灵族消失，新的生命体出现……”
The high priest's eyelids trembled slightly, and he murmured: "That's right, that's it, it's so terrifying, all the lives of the elves will become their nourishment, the elves will disappear, and new lifeforms will appear......"
雷木继续道：“就因为精灵族很可能有被寄生者，所以哪怕小叶子拿出了有效的打虫药，也不一定能把所有幼崽的虫子都打干净。这也是小叶子同意让金宝留在我们身边的原因。”
Lei Mu continued: "Just because the elves are likely to have parasites, even if Xiao Ye comes up with an effective insect fighting medicine, it may not be able to clean up all the insects of the cubs. This is also the reason why Xiao Yezi agreed to let Jinbao stay with us. ”
大祭司突然问：“精灵族知不知道你的存在？他们有没有见过你？”
The high priest suddenly asked, "Do the elves know about your existence?" Have they ever seen you? ”
雷木一顿：“他们没有见过这样的我。” Lei Mu paused: "They haven't seen me like this." ”
大祭司微微吐气，似乎放心了些许，更呢喃道：“没有见到你就好。”
The high priest exhaled slightly, seemed to be relieved, and murmured, "It's good that I didn't see you." ”
大祭司面朝雷木的方向，叮咛：“以后你也不要靠近精灵族，不要靠近无尽森海，你要远远离开那里，带着金宝一起，离那里越远越好，不管听说那边发生了什么事，都不要回去。”
The high priest faced the direction of Lei Mu and admonished: "In the future, you should not get close to the elves, do not go near the endless forest sea, you must leave there far away, take Jinbao with you, the farther away from there as possible, no matter what you hear about what happened over there, don't go back." ”
族长想说什么，忍住。 The patriarch wanted to say something, hold back.
雷木仰头：“大祭司，我们不是有意要闯进来冒犯您，我们其实就是好奇，想要见见真正的生命之树，但我们不知道你们会怎么对待我们，一开始才不敢暴露。”
Lei Mu raised his head: "High Priest, we didn't mean to break in and offend you, we were actually just curious, and wanted to see the real Tree of Life, but we didn't know what you would do to us, so we didn't dare to expose it at first." ”
大祭司摆摆手，很温和地笑：“我明白，我在你们这个年龄也顽皮得很，也想要闯进圣地看看。”
The high priest waved his hand and smiled gently, "I know, I'm very naughty at your age, and I want to break into the Holy Land to see. ”
族长看大祭司没有怪罪两个小崽，也松了口气。 The patriarch was also relieved to see that the high priest did not blame the two cubs.
大祭司转而就对族长吩咐道：“你带两个小客人离开吧，好好款待他们，看看他们需要什么，木精灵想要长大、长得好，有些资源外面是没有的，只要是雷木需要的，都给他。他们能在幼年期来到这里，也是命运的指引。”
The high priest then instructed the patriarch: "You take the two little guests away, treat them well, and see what they need, the wood elves want to grow up and grow well, and there are some resources that are not available outside, as long as they are needed by Lei Mu, give them to him." The fact that they were able to come here at an early age was also guided by fate. ”
族长躬身：“是，我们一定会好好款待他们。” The patriarch bowed: "Yes, we will definitely treat them well." ”
“另外，这里就不要带他们进来了。也不用特意把他们留在秘境，如果他们想离开，就让他们离开，包括那个人类小孩一起，也不用修改他们的记忆。”大祭司追加道。
"Besides, don't bring them in here. There is no need to deliberately leave them in the secret realm, if they want to leave, let them leave, including the human child, and there is no need to modify their memories. The High Priest added.
大祭司嘴上这么说，可她心里却极度渴望那两个小精灵能靠近她，尤其那个雷木，她觉得对方充满了吸引力，她想要、非常想要……吃掉他！
The High Priestess said this, but in her heart she desperately longed for the two elves to be close to her, especially the Thunderwood, she felt that the other party was full of attractiveness, she wanted, wanted very much...... Eat him!
大祭司为这突然冒出的欲望恐惧异常，她用尽所有克制力，才让自己表现得跟平时一样。
The High Priest was terrified by the sudden desire, and she used all her restraint to make herself act as usual.
族长心中有不同意见，但他并没有明着反驳大祭司，只恭敬道：“是。”
族长转身，对雷木和金宝招手：“大祭司累了，你们跟我离开吧，不要打扰大祭司休息。”
The patriarch turned around and beckoned to Lei Mu and Jinbao: "The high priest is tired, you can leave with me, don't disturb the high priest's rest." ”
雷木见王叶那边没吱声，默默带着金宝跟上族长。 Lei Mu saw that Wang Ye didn't squeak, and silently took Jinbao to follow the patriarch.
族长率先迈出圣庭。 The patriarch was the first to step out of the Holy Court.
可就在雷木和金宝也要飞出圣庭的刹那，地面突然冒出数根褐色的树根，急速卷向雷木和金宝。
But just as Lei Mu and Jinbao were about to fly out of the Holy Court, several brown roots suddenly appeared on the ground, and they quickly rolled towards Lei Mu and Jinbao.
王叶来不及说话，意念一动，就把雷木和金宝收入虫巢。
Wang Ye didn't have time to speak, and as soon as his mind moved, he put Lei Mu and Jinbao into the hive.
族长有所感觉，腾地转身。 The patriarch felt something, and turned around.
几根树根卷了个空，来不及收回，被族长看到。 Several tree roots were rolled up in the air, and they didn't have time to take them back, and they were seen by the patriarch.
族长吃惊，下意识摆出防御姿态，更低声喊道：“大祭司？”
The patriarch was surprised, subconsciously put on a defensive posture, and shouted in a lower voice: "High priest? ”
大祭司发出沉沉低吼，那声音都不像是她的声音。 The High Priest let out a low roar, and it didn't sound like hers.
族长想要进入圣庭。 The patriarch wants to enter the Holy Court.
大祭司忽然厉吼：“不要进来！谁都不准进来！” The high priest suddenly shouted, "Don't come in! No one is allowed to come in! ”
“大祭司？”族长担忧无比，都顾不上那两个消失的幼崽。
"High priest?" The patriarch was so worried that he couldn't care about the two disappeared cubs.
大祭司发出低低的像是呜咽，又像是哀痛的悲鸣。 The high priest let out a low cry like a whimper, like a cry of grief.
族长眼眸收缩，他看到大祭司的身体肉眼可见地又被生命之树融合了一些。
The patriarch's eyes contracted, and he saw that the High Priest's body was visibly fused with the Tree of Life again.
这真的是融合吗？ Is this really fusion?
这根本就是吞噬！ It's simply devouring!
“大祭司……”族长悲痛万分，他想帮助大祭司，却不知道该怎么帮助。
The patriarch of the "High Priest ......" was so grief-stricken that he wanted to help the High Priest, but he didn't know how to help.
一直以来都是大祭司在承受所有的痛苦，也是她单独一个在承担所有精灵应该承担的沉重责任。
It has always been the High Priestess who has borne all the pain, and she alone has borne the heavy responsibility that all the elves should bear.
同一时间，整个木精灵秘境各地都陡然出现了大量的魔螨。
At the same time, a large number of demon mites suddenly appeared in the entire Wood Elf Secret Realm.
正在消除魔螨的精灵们发出惊呼：“魔螨又增加了！土壤里爬出来好多魔螨！”
The elves who were eliminating the magic mites exclaimed, "The magic mites have increased again!" There are a lot of magic mites crawling out of the soil! ”
“糟糕！这些魔螨长翅膀了，它们会飞了！” "Oops! These magic mites have wings, and they can fly! ”
“杀！快杀光它们！” "Kill! Kill them all! ”
“这片作物不能留了。烧！全部烧光！连同土壤一起焚烧！”
"This crop can't be kept. Burn! Burn them all! Burn along with the soil! ”
如果有果决的领头者，魔螨的蔓延还能暂时遏制一二，可绝大多数地方看到这么多魔螨出现，大家都慌了。
If there is a decisive leader, the spread of demon mites can be temporarily curbed, but in most places, everyone panicked when they saw so many magic mites appear.
当看到刚刚长成的作物上爬满魔螨，而那些魔螨不过转眼间就把他们的粮食全部吃光，精灵们又怒又悲，到处都是怒骂和惊叫声。
When they saw that the newly grown crops were crawling with demon mites, and those demon mites had eaten up all their food in the blink of an eye, the elves were angry and sad, and there were angry curses and screams everywhere.
木精灵秘境乱了。 The Wood Elf Secret Realm is in chaos.
只有金水村这边暂时还没有陷入大乱。 Only Jinshui Village has not yet fallen into chaos for the time being.
不过情况也不太妙。 But it's not so good.
翡爵还没有赶去主城，他正准备出发，结果就听到巡逻战士敲响了紧急警钟。
Before he could reach the main city, he was about to set off when he heard the patrol soldiers ring an emergency alarm.
赶过去一看，才发现他们村周围以及田地中出现了大量魔螨。
When they rushed over to take a look, they found that a large number of magic mites had appeared around their village and in the fields.
可特别奇妙的是，他们村已经被小叶子除过魔螨的田地，却没有一只魔螨冒出。
But what is particularly amazing is that in the fields where their village has been rid of magic mites by small leaves, not a single magic mite has emerged.
村长看到翡爵就急得喊：“那小孩留下的虫子呢？它们数量多不多？这么多魔螨，它们吃得完吗？”
When the village chief saw Feijue, he shouted anxiously: "What about the worms left by the child?" Are there many of them? With so many magic mites, can they eat them all? ”
翡爵脸色铁青，态度坚决地道：“村长，不能心疼那些作物了。烧掉吧，连同土壤一起，土壤里太多虫卵了。”
Fei Jue's face was pale, and he said resolutely: "Village Chief, you can't feel sorry for those crops. Burn it, along with the soil, there are too many eggs in the soil. ”
“可是……” "But ......"
“这也是雷叶的吩咐。他说过如果他的虫子来不及吃光魔螨，而魔螨数量又增加的话，哪怕烧田烧地，也要能灭多少是多少。”
"This is also Lei Ye's order. He said that if his bugs didn't have time to eat all the magic mites, and the number of magic mites increased, even if he burned the fields, he would be able to kill as many as he wanted. ”
村长看着满村大小精灵们不安又紧张的神色，一狠心：“烧！把土壤挖开了，翻开烧！”
The village chief looked at the restless and nervous expressions of the elves in the village, and was ruthless: "Burn!" Dig up the soil and turn it over! ”
“周围山林怎么办？那边也出现了大量魔螨。”阿哲满头都是汗。
"What about the surrounding mountains and forests? There are also a lot of magic mites over there. "Ah Zhe was sweating all over his head.
翡爵灵机一动：“我看看能不能和雷叶的虫子商量，让它们先在山林中吃出一圈隔离带。”
Fei Jue had an idea: "I'll see if I can discuss with the insects of Lei Ye, and let them eat a circle of isolation zones in the mountains and forests first." ”
“那些小虫子能听你的？”村长不确定。 "Can those little bugs listen to you?" The village chief is not sure.
翡爵：“试试看。” Fijue: "Give it a try. ”
翡爵立刻对周围喊道：“雷叶的小虫子，你们在吗？我想请你们帮忙，先弄出一圈隔离带。”
Fei Jue immediately shouted to the surroundings: "Little worm of Lei Ye, are you there?" I'd like to ask you to help me get a fence first. ”
翡爵连喊三遍，忽然，他的身边冒出了一小群亮光闪闪的小虫子。
Fei Jue shouted three times, and suddenly, a small group of shiny insects appeared next to him.
翡爵激动，这应该就是小叶子的虫子了。 Fei Jue was excited, this should be the worm of the little leaf.
金水村人也特别激动，虽然都是虫子，但这些虫子在他们眼中可比魔螨可爱多了。呸！魔螨就不能拿来比。
The people of Jinshui Village were also very excited, although they were all insects, these insects were much cuter than magic mites in their eyes. Bah! Demon mites can't be compared.
“你们跟我来。”翡爵怕这些小虫子听不懂他的意思，还招手。
"You come with me." Fei Jue was afraid that these little insects would not understand him, so he beckoned.
可这些小虫子却像是听懂了他的话一样，跟上了他。 But the little worms followed him as if they understood him.
金水村人不知道，发出亮光的浮游光虫只是一小部分，大部队还在光线中隐藏着自己，以防这些精灵突然下手对付它们。
The people of Jinshui Village didn't know that the planktonic light insects that emitted bright light were only a small part, and the large army was still hiding themselves in the light in case these elves suddenly attacked them.
主城圣地的圣庭中。 In the sanctuary of the Holy Land of the main city.
大祭司拼命在控制自己快要失控的欲望。 The High Priest was desperately trying to control his desires that were about to get out of control.
她不知道自己怎么了。 She didn't know what was wrong with her.
她心中有个隐隐的怀疑，但她不敢去求证，如果她的怀疑变成真实，她……都不知道她现在的想法还是不是她自己的。
She had a faint suspicion in her heart, but she didn't dare to ask for it, and if her suspicion turned true, she would ...... I don't know if what she thinks now is still or if it's not her own.
如果她真的也被寄生，如果她的思想已经不是她的，那么当年她带着木精灵一系从精灵族离开，是不是根本就是错误的？
If she was really parasitized, if her thoughts were no longer hers, then she was simply wrong when she left the elven clan with the Wood Elves lineage?
是不是当年那个她已经不是她？ Is that she no longer the same as she was back then?
如果真是这样，那她做的那么多决定，是不是也都是错误的？
If this is the case, then are all the decisions she has made wrong?
大祭司身体颤抖，这种推测太过可怕，她根本不敢往那个方向想。
The High Priestess's body trembled, this speculation was too terrifying, she didn't dare to think in that direction.
但她却忍不住去想。 But she couldn't help but think about it.
“大祭司！”族长焦急万分。 "High Priest!" The patriarch was anxious.
圣庭中的景象非常可怕，之前只有数根树根在挥舞，现在整个圣庭都被无数破土而出的树根包围。
The scene in the Sanctuary was terrifying, there were only a few roots waving before, but now the entire Sanctuary was surrounded by countless roots that broke through the ground.
那些树根不但在群魔乱舞一般，同时不断向周围的院墙延伸。
The roots of the trees were not only dancing like demons, but also extending towards the surrounding courtyard walls.
瞬间，整个圣庭都被树根包裹了起来。 In an instant, the entire Holy Court was wrapped in tree roots.
“所有精灵，木化！”大祭司发出警告后，猛地睁开了眼睛。
"All elves, wooden!" The High Priest opened his eyes sharply after giving the warning.
族长立刻低头，并用全部能量把自己保护起来。 The patriarch immediately bowed his head and used all his energy to protect himself.
族长这时还能想到雷木他们，对着空气大吼：“过来！危险！到我这里来！”
At this time, the patriarch could still think of Lei Mu and them, and shouted into the air: "Come here! Dangerous! Come to me! ”
王叶看到族长敞开了一条缝隙，毫不犹豫地操纵虫巢飞到了族长肩膀上。
Wang Ye saw that the patriarch had opened a gap, and without hesitation, he manipulated the insect nest to fly to the patriarch's shoulder.
族长关闭缝隙，身体表面瞬间木质化，整个人的外壳都变成了一个木球。
The patriarch closed the gap, and the surface of his body instantly became wooden, and the shell of the whole person turned into a wooden ball.
一股无比庞大的能量掠过整个圣庭。 An incomparably large energy swept through the entire Holy Court.
守护圣地的精灵战士在这一刻全都木球化，只为了躲避这股能量。
而这股能量在碰到木球时会变得稍微温柔，但除了这些木球，这股能量摧毁了圣地中的一切。
And this energy becomes slightly gentler when it touches the wooden balls, but apart from these wooden balls, this energy destroys everything in the Holy Land.
这一切自然也包括布满整个庭院还想往外延伸的树根。 All of this naturally includes the roots of the trees that spread throughout the courtyard and want to extend outward.
第261章 甩包袱 Chapter 261: Throwing off the burden
虫巢中，大家因为木球的遮挡，无法看到外面，但刚才生命之树或者大祭司突然发疯的那一幕，所有成员还是都看到了。
“被寄生了？”虫老半肯定地问王叶。 "Parasitized?" The insect elder asked Wang Ye with certainty.
王叶正抱着小木木，跟他咬耳朵。 Wang Ye was holding Xiao Mumu and biting his ear.
雷木：……算了，就让他抱着吧，也就这么一两回。 Raimu: ...... Forget it, just let him hold it, just like that once or twice.
雷木戳戳王叶。 Lei Mu poked Wang Ye.
王叶抬起头：“哦，应该是被寄生了，我和小光都感觉到了。”
Wang Ye raised his head: "Oh, it should be parasitic, Xiaoguang and I both feel it." ”
疯药王插话：“是树被寄生，还是人被寄生？” The Mad Medicine King interjected: "Is it the tree being parasitized, or the human being parasitized?" ”
王叶一愣：“难道她们不是一体？” Wang Ye was stunned: "Aren't they one?" ”
疯药王翻个白眼：“当然不是！生命之树就是一棵树。”
The Mad Medicine King rolled his eyes: "Of course not!" The tree of life is a tree. ”
“那木精灵大祭司怎么会和生命之树长到一起？”这个问题，大家都想知道答案。
"How did the Wood Elf High Priestess grow with the Tree of Life?" This is a question that everyone wants to know the answer to.
疯药王皱眉：“我也不知道。不过这个大祭司如果还是原来那位，那么她活的时间已经远超精灵族可以活的时间。”
The Mad Medicine King frowned: "I don't know either." However, if this high priest is still the original one, then she has lived far longer than the elves can live. ”
闻笛惊：“你说这个大祭司还是最初离开精灵族时的木系大祭司？”
Wen Di was shocked: "You said that this high priest is still the wood high priest when he first left the elf clan?" ”
“很有可能。我见过她的画像。”疯药王似乎想说什么，又忍住：“我当年偶尔知道了一点精灵族的秘密，也有幸见到过真生命之树，但是详细我不能说。”
"Quite possibly. I've seen her portraits. The Mad Medicine King seemed to want to say something, but held back: "I occasionally knew a little bit of the secret of the elf clan back then, and I was fortunate enough to see the True Tree of Life, but I can't say the details. ”
王叶抓住关键点：“你说你见到过真生命之树？在无尽森海中的精灵族圣地中？”
Wang Ye grasped the key point: "You said you had seen the True Tree of Life?" In the elven sanctuary in the endless forest sea? ”
疯药王点头，又带着几分骄傲道：“对。我当时被请精灵族秘密请过去帮一个忙。”
The Mad Medicine King nodded, and said with a little pride: "Yes." I was asked to ask the elves to secretly ask me to do me a favor. ”
至于什么忙，疯药王没再说下去。 As for what he was busy with, the Mad Medicine King didn't say any more.
王叶也不介意疯药王隐瞒，他在意的是：“难道这棵生命之树也不是真生命之树？”
Wang Ye didn't mind the mad medicine king concealing it, what he cared about was: "Could it be that this tree of life is not a true tree of life?" ”
“不……”疯药王迟疑：“这棵树看着也很像是真生命之树。”
"No......" the Mad Medicine King hesitated, "This tree also looks like the Tree of True Life. ”
疯药王含糊道：“我看到的那棵真生命之树跟这棵树一样，看着都不是很高大。另外生命之树跟其他高等级的魔植不一样，高等级魔植都很霸道，周围几乎看不到其他植物，这也是因为能量需要。可真生命之树身边甚至树身上都会长有各种植物。”
The Mad Medicine King said vaguely, "The Tree of True Life I saw is the same as this tree, and it doesn't look very tall. In addition, the Tree of Life is different from other high-level magic plants, high-level magic plants are very domineering, and there are almost no other plants around, which is also because of the need for energy. But the Tree of True Life will have all kinds of plants growing around it and even on its body. ”
众人回忆之前庭院中的细节，记起这个庭院内确实长有很多花草植物。
Everyone recalled the details of the previous courtyard and remembered that there were indeed many flowers and plants growing in this courtyard.
因为誓约，详细细节疯药王不能描述，但他加重语气道：“这两棵树只外表看，真的一模一样。”
Because of the oath, the details of the mad medicine king could not be described, but he said in an accentuated tone: "These two trees are really exactly the same only on the outside. ”
“难道有两棵生命之树？或者这位木精灵大祭司带出了生命之树的种子之类，另外培育了一棵？”王叶猜测。
"Are there two trees of life? Or did the High Priestess of the Wood Elves bring out the seeds of the Tree of Life and the like, and cultivate another one? Wang Ye guessed.
“如果是这样的话，那就能解释为什么有两棵真生命之树了。”闻笛道。
"If that's the case, then that would explain why there are two true trees of life." Wen Di said.
可这时小云却举起小树枝手，发言：“这棵不是小树，它已经很老很老了。”
But at this time, Xiaoyun raised his hand and spoke: "This is not a small tree, it is very old. ”
众人唰地看向小树人。 Everyone looked at the little tree man.
小树人张开树枝手，比划了一个大大的圆，再次加重语气道：“很老，我数不出年龄的老，老得快要死了。现在都是这个精灵大祭司在维持它的生命。”
The little tree man stretched out his hand, gestured a big circle, and said in an accentuated tone again: "Very old, I can't count the age, I am so old that I am about to die." Now it's the elven high priest who keeps it alive. ”
王叶抱着小雷木坐在椅子中，一副闲话家常的模样：“那就是无尽森海精灵族地那边的生命之树是新培育的，而这棵则是精灵族原本的那棵老生命之树？”
Wang Ye sat in the chair with Xiao Lei Mu in his arms, looking like he was gossiping: "That is, the Tree of Life over there of the Endless Forest Sea Elf Clan is newly cultivated, and this is the old Tree of Life that the Elf Clan originally had?" ”
众大佬侧目：你什么时候还弄了一张小椅子出来？我们的呢？
The big guys looked sideways: When did you get a small chair out? What about ours?
王叶假装没看见。 Wang Ye pretended not to see it.
小雷木坐在王小叶的腿上，也一副淡定模样。他从地球的影视节目中学会了一个真理：只要我不尴尬，尴尬的就是别人。
Xiao Lei Mu sat on Wang Xiaoye's lap, and he also looked calm. He learned a truth from the film and television programs of the earth: as long as I am not embarrassed, it is others who are embarrassed.
而更小的金宝就趴在小雷木的小手上，跟他叽叽呜呜说着什么。
And the smaller Jinbao lay on Xiao Lei Mu's little hand, chattering with him.
小雷木就捏着金宝玩。 Little Lei Mu pinched Jinbao to play.
众大佬看着三个小不点，都乐了。 The big guys looked at the three little ones and were all happy.
兰道看他们这样实在可爱，忍不住偷偷用魔影石拍摄下来。
Landau saw that they were so cute, and couldn't help but secretly shoot them with the Shadow Stone.
兰道面对这样可可爱爱的小雷木，丝毫没有抵抗力，原本成年体的雷木虽让他同样有亲近之心，到底已经是成年人，他想表达父爱，也不知道该如何表达，两人相处一直淡淡的。
Landau has no resistance in the face of such a cute and loving little Lei Mu, although the original adult Lei Mu makes him also have a close heart, in the end he is already an adult, he wants to express his father's love, but he doesn't know how to express it, and the two have been getting along lightly.
但现在这个三头身的小雷木，完全激起了兰道的父爱，他恨不得把小雷木从王小叶怀里夺过来。
But now this little Lei Mu with a three-headed body has completely aroused Lan Dao's father's love, and he can't wait to snatch Xiao Lei Mu from Wang Xiaoye's arms.
但小叶子爸爸护食得很，抱着他的大娃不肯放。 But Xiao Yezi's father is very protective of food, holding his big baby and refusing to let it go.
兰道忍不住摸摸小雷木软软的短发，又轻轻碰了碰他的小翅膀。
Landau couldn't help but touch Xiao Lei Mu's soft short hair, and gently touched his little wings again.
王叶挡住兰道的手，不让兰道摸他的小木木的翅膀。 Wang Ye blocked Lan Dao's hand and didn't let Lan Dao touch his little wooden wings.
兰道莞尔。 Landau.
“不管它是老树还是新树，它这个样子，明显是个大麻烦。有办法除虫吗？”虫老眼中带着笑意问。
"It doesn't matter if it's an old tree or a new tree, it's obviously a big problem the way it looks. Is there a way to get rid of insects? The old worm asked with a smile in his eyes.
王叶分心道：“如果说把智慧寄生虫从那棵树身体中逼出来，基本不可能了。因为寄生时间太长，它们早就融合为一体，就像我和虫巢一样，已经分不开。所以想要杀死那只虫子，就得连同那棵树一起杀死。哦，现在还得加上那位大祭司。”
Wang Ye said distractedly: "If it is said that it is impossible to force the wisdom parasite out of the body of that tree. Because they have been parasitic for too long, they have long since merged into one, just like me and the hive, they are already inseparable. So if you want to kill that bug, you have to kill it along with the tree. Oh, and now we have to add the high priest. ”
“这可麻烦了。先不说这位大祭司和这棵树活了多长时间，她们大概已经是这个世界最接近半神的存在，说她们是半神也不为过。我们连个圣级都没有，要如何对付她们？”闻笛环视众人。
"It's a problem. Not to mention how long this high priest and this tree have lived, they are probably the closest existence to demigods in this world, and it is not an exaggeration to say that they are demigods. We don't even have a holy level, how can we deal with them? Wen Di looked around at the crowd.
“我们先离开这里。说句不好听的话，这是精灵族内部的事，我们可以把这棵树和这名大祭司被寄生的情况告诉精灵族，然后看精灵族怎么处理，最起码他们得负责派出高手。”虫老特别实在地道。
"Let's get out of here first. To put it mildly, this is an internal matter of the elves, we can tell the elves about the parasitism of this tree and this high priest, and then see how the elves deal with it, at least they have to be responsible for sending out masters. "The worm is very authentic.
王叶却在此刻露出苦笑。 Wang Ye smiled bitterly at this moment.
就在虫老说这是精灵族内部事的时候，系统就给他发布了一连串新任务。
Just when the worm said that this was an internal matter of the elf clan, the system issued him a series of new tasks.
【木精灵秘境任务链之二：白蛛魔螨造成的虫灾在木精灵秘境各地大肆爆发，众木精灵苦不堪言，请玩家隔壁小王寻找到魔螨肆虐的根源，彻底消除魔螨之灾，挽救木精灵秘境。任务完成，玩家将获得经验值一百万点奖励，以及木精灵的好感。】
[Wood Elf Secret Realm Task Chain 2: The insect plague caused by the white spider demon mite broke out in various parts of the Wood Elf Secret Realm, and the wood elves were miserable, so please ask the player next door Xiao Wang to find the root cause of the demon mite rampant, completely eliminate the plague of the demon mites, and save the Wood Elf Secret Realm. Upon completion of the mission, the player will be rewarded with 1,000,000 XP points and the goodwill of the Wood Elves. 】
【木精灵秘境任务链之三：木精灵大祭司木守为拯救生命之树，也为了精灵族的延续，不惜牺牲自己与即将死亡的生命之树融合。木精灵和整个精灵族不能没有大祭司木守，她的使命还没有完成。请玩家隔壁小王尽量拯救大祭司木守，帮她与生命之树分离，并延续她的生命。任务完成，玩家将获得经验值一百万点奖励，以及木精灵的好感。】
[Wood Elf Secret Realm Quest Chain 3: Wood Elf High Priest Mu Shou did not hesitate to sacrifice himself to merge with the dying Tree of Life in order to save the Tree of Life and for the continuation of the Elf Race. The Wood Elves and the entire Elven Clan can't do without High Priest Mu Shou, her mission is not yet complete. Ask the player to save the High Priestess Kimori as much as possible, help her separate from the Tree of Life, and continue her life. Upon completion of the mission, the player will be rewarded with 1,000,000 XP points and the goodwill of the Wood Elves. 】
【木精灵秘境任务链之四：生命之树被智慧寄生虫族的虫母寄生后，宁死不屈，在没有被完全寄生之际，凝聚出了两颗生命之树的种子。其中一枚留在了精灵族地，另一枚因为精灵族内乱，下落不明。请玩家隔壁小王找到另一枚失落的生命之树种子，并帮助其得到生命之树的传承。任务完成，玩家将获得经验值一百万点奖励，以及木精灵的好感。】
[Wood Elf Secret Realm Quest Chain 4: After the Tree of Life was parasitized by the mother of the Wisdom Parasitic Zerg, it would rather die than give in, and when it was not completely parasitized, it condensed the seeds of the two Trees of Life. One of them remained in the Elven land, and the other was missing due to the Elven civil strife. Ask the player next door to find another lost Tree of Life seed and help it get the Tree of Life inheritance. Upon completion of the mission, the player will be rewarded with 1,000,000 XP points and the goodwill of the Wood Elves. 】
连续三个一百万点奖励，哪怕这三个任务再难，王叶也会咬牙接下。
Three consecutive rewards of one million points, no matter how difficult these three tasks are, Wang Ye will grit his teeth and take them.
不过这样的奖励值也说明这三个任务的难度有多大，以及它们的影响对整个双月星有多大。
However, such reward values also indicate how difficult these three missions are, and how much impact they have on the entire Twin Moon Stars.
冥冥中，王叶甚至生出一种预感，这是必须要完成的三个任务，如果完不成，他的最终命运，包括雷木和闻笛师父的最终命运也许都无法改变。
In the dark, Wang Ye even had a premonition that these were the three tasks that had to be completed, and if he couldn't complete them, his final fate, including the final fate of Lei Mu and Master Wendi, might not be able to change.
最后，系统还不忘补充：【所有木精灵秘境任务链，时限为十二天。十二天后，任务无法完成，视为全任务链任务失败。】
Finally, the system did not forget to add: [All Wood Elf Secret Realm task chains, the time limit is twelve days. After 12 days, if the task cannot be completed, it will be regarded as a failure of the whole task chain. 】
王叶深吸气。 Wang Ye took a deep breath.
十二天。 Twelve days.
换言之，木精灵们只有十二天时间了。 In other words, the Wood Elves only have twelve days.
而他想要彻底改变他和他至亲们的命运也只有十二天！ And he only had twelve days to completely change the fate of him and his loved ones!
王叶凝神细看任务内容，他感觉系统似乎在任务内容中向他透露了某些比十二天这个时限更重要的信息。
Wang Ye looked at the content of the task carefully, and he felt that the system seemed to have revealed to him some information that was more important than the time limit of twelve days in the task content.
虫老等人见王小叶忽然不说话了，抱着小雷木也不知在想什么，像是在发呆。
Seeing that Wang Xiaoye suddenly stopped talking, the insect elder and the others didn't know what they were thinking when they hugged Xiao Lei Mu, as if they were in a daze.
天才吗，经常会这样，他们理解，说不定小叶子就想到什么关键了呢？众大佬就没有出声打扰他，还特意走到一边。
Genius, often like this, they understand, maybe Xiao Yezi thinks of what is the key? The bigwigs didn't make a sound to disturb him, and deliberately stepped aside.
几个大佬先商量他们自己的。 A few bigwigs discuss their own first.
就算小叶子有能力除虫，可外面那位大祭司和那棵树显然不是小孩子家家能抵挡的，这事还是得他们这些大人来解决。
Even if the little leaf has the ability to get rid of insects, the high priest and the tree outside are obviously not something that the children can resist, and they still have to solve this matter with the adults.
雷木脑中也在转着各种念头。 Lei Mu was also spinning with various thoughts in his head.
虽然他刚才距离那棵树还有一段距离，但他感觉到了一股很强烈的亲近气息。
Although he was still some distance away from the tree just now, he felt a strong sense of closeness.
那股气息甚至比兰道给他的血脉气息还要让他感到亲近，让他忍不住想要靠近那棵树。
That breath made him feel even closer than the blood breath that Landau had given him, and he couldn't help but want to get closer to the tree.
但同一时间，他又感觉到那棵树对他的排斥。 But at the same time, he felt the tree's rejection of him.
他不止听到小叶子的阻止声，他还听到了另外一道非常淡、非常缥缈，如果不仔细感受，就无法听到的声音。
Not only did he hear Xiao Yezi's stopping voice, but he also heard another sound that was very faint and very ethereal, and could not be heard if he didn't feel it carefully.
那道声音似乎直接在他脑中响起，让他不要靠近祂。 The voice seemed to ring directly in his head, telling him not to come near Him.
“也许生命之树的意识并没有完全消失。”雷木自言自语一样地说道。
"Maybe the consciousness of the tree of life has not completely disappeared." Reimu said as if he were talking to himself.
正在研究任务内容的王叶回神：“你说什么？” Wang Ye, who was studying the content of the task, returned to his senses: "What did you say?" ”
雷木调转身体，和王叶面对面，认真道：“我感觉那棵生命之树的意识并没有完全消失。”
Lei Mu turned his body, came face to face with Wang Ye, and said seriously: "I feel that the consciousness of that tree of life has not completely disappeared. ”
王叶挑眉：“你感觉到祂的意识了？” Wang Ye raised his eyebrows: "Do you feel his consciousness?" ”
雷木迟疑，不太确定地道：“似乎感觉到了，但很模糊。”
Lei Mu hesitated, not quite sure: "It seems to feel it, but it's very vague." ”
王叶心脏一跳，他刚才看任务内容时就有所猜测，现在几乎能肯定，那枚失落的生命之树种子说不定就落在雷木身上。
Wang Ye's heart jumped, he had guessed when he read the content of the task just now, and now he was almost certain that the lost Tree of Life seed might have fallen on Lei Mu.
当年把生命之树种子融合到雷木身体中的人，知道他们融合了什么吗？
The person who fused the seeds of the Tree of Life into Thunderwood's body back then, do you know what they fused?
王叶觉得他们肯定不知道。也许雷木的诞生完全就是一场意外。
Wang Ye felt that they must not know. Perhaps Raimu's birth was a complete accident.
事实上，王叶猜测对了。 In fact, Wang Ye guessed right.
雷木原本不可能诞生，当时的试验已经失败，眼看那在魔法阵中的小生命已经逐渐失去生命气息，试验者十分不甘。
Lei Mu could not have been born, but the experiment at that time had failed, and seeing that the little life in the magic array had gradually lost its breath of life, the experimenter was very unwilling.
雷木已经是几个实验体中唯一一个接近诞生的生命体，如果雷木失败，那么他们手上就再也没有原材料再培养一个融合了兰道和撒月琴血脉还有魔种的银月帝国继承人出来。
Lei Mu is already the only one of several experimental subjects who is close to being born, if Lei Mu fails, then they will have no more raw materials to cultivate an heir of the Silver Moon Empire who combines the bloodlines of Landau and Sayueqin and the demon seed.
不甘心的试验者从他的收藏中找出一些不太值钱的材料，选了一样他觉得能激发生命力的，随意丢进了魔法阵中，就当废物利用。
The unwilling experimenter found some less valuable materials from his collection, chose one that he thought would stimulate his vitality, and threw it into the magic circle at random and used it as waste.
这不是他们第一次这么做，实际上使用兰道的血液和撒月琴的血液压根无法培养出他们理想中的生命体，为此他们已经添加了一次特别材料，就是魔种。
This is not the first time they have done this, in fact, using the blood of Landau and the blood of Sayueqin cannot cultivate their ideal life form at all, so they have already added a special material, which is the demon seed.
添加魔种后，那几个实验体中确实有两个有了特别反应，可最后能挣扎着活到现在的只有一个了。
After adding the demon seed, two of those test subjects did have a special reaction, but in the end, only one could survive until now.
于是理所当然的，试验者们又死马当活马医地投入第二次特别材料。
So, of course, the experimenters put in a second special material as a dead horse.
谁想，第二天他们再来看这个魔法阵中的小生命时，发现他的生命能量竟然稳定了下来。
Who would have thought, when they came back to look at the little life in this magic array the next day, they found that his life energy had stabilized.
虽然不知道那材料效果怎么会这么好，但能活下来就是好事。
I don't know how the material works so well, but it's a good thing to survive.
试验者怎么也没想到，他随手抛进魔法阵中的一颗树种就是全世界最为宝贵的生命之树的种子。
The experimenter never imagined that a tree seed he casually threw into the magic array was the seed of the most precious tree of life in the world.
他当时并没有认出这是什么树种，哦不，应该说，他认出来了，但他错把生命之树的种子认成了另一种魔植的种子，只因为这颗种子富含生命力，却又无法判定等级，且和枫斗树的种子长得很像，就被他断定是低级魔植枫斗树的树种。
He didn't recognize what kind of tree it was at the time, oh no, it should be said, he recognized it, but he mistook the seed of the Tree of Life for the seed of another magic plant, just because this seed was rich in vitality, but he couldn't determine the level, and it looked very similar to the seed of the maple tree, so he concluded that it was the species of the low-level magic tree maple tree.
而枫斗树的果实是炼制生命药剂的原材料之一。 And the fruit of the maple bucket tree is one of the raw materials for refining life elixirs.
他原本想留着种子种植看看，可他在找能激发生命力的材料时，看到这颗种子，觉得与其浪费资源去培养一棵低级魔植，还不如直接把它当材料用。
He originally wanted to keep the seed and plant it, but when he was looking for a material that could stimulate his life force, he saw this seed and felt that instead of wasting resources to cultivate a low-level magic plant, it was better to use it directly as a material.
如果那位知道他丢入魔法阵的到底是什么宝贝…… If that one knew what kind of treasure he threw into the magic circle......
时间回到现在。 Time comes back to the present.
王叶听雷木说他能感觉到生命之树的意识，就本能地认定雷木和那棵树之间一定有很密切的联系。
Wang Ye heard Lei Mu say that he could feel the consciousness of the Tree of Life, so he instinctively believed that there must be a very close connection between Lei Mu and that tree.
王叶打开了因果卷。 Wang Ye opened the cause and effect scroll.
他在查看副卷。 He was looking at the sub-volume.
以雷木为中心的副卷上果然又延伸出一条因果线，这条因果线尽头出现的名字就是生命之树。
Sure enough, a causal line stretched out on the sub-scroll centered on Thunderwood, and the name that appeared at the end of this causal line was the Tree of Life.
而生命之树的名字下方还括号特注：被虫蛀的快死的生命之树。
And the name of the tree of life is also in parentheses: the tree of life that was eaten by insects and was dying of life.
王叶嘴角抽了抽。 The corners of Wang Ye's mouth twitched.
好吧，综合以上线索，王叶初步可以断定，也许那棵生命之树还没有死透。
Well, based on the above clues, Wang Ye can preliminarily conclude that maybe the tree of life is not dead yet.
如果生命之树的意识还存在，那么对付那个虫母就不是完全无解的难题。
If the consciousness of the Tree of Life still exists, then dealing with that worm mother is not a completely unsolvable problem.
另外，通过任务提示，他还分析出一点，那就是木精灵大祭司虽然和生命之树融合了，但她的意识还是完整的，也许她自己本身牛逼，也许是生命之树在保护她，总而言之，这位大祭司虽然情况糟糕，甚至也受到虫母意识的影响，但只是影响，并没有被操控。
In addition, through the task prompt, he also analyzed one point, that is, although the high priestess of the wood elves has fused with the tree of life, her consciousness is still complete, maybe she herself is awesome, maybe the tree of life is protecting her, all in all, although this high priest is in a bad situation, and even affected by the consciousness of the worm mother, but it is only an influence, and it is not controlled.
也就是说，这位大祭司还有可能救得回来。 In other words, it is possible for the high priest to be saved.
能救得回来，还有她自己的意识，那相当于他们这边就多了一个能抵抗虫母的帮手。
can be saved, as well as her own consciousness, it is equivalent to having an extra helper on their side who can resist the insect mother.
那么接下来要做的事情就很清楚了。 Then it's clear what to do next.
“我们得先告诉那位大祭司和那位族长，生命之树被寄生虫寄生但说不定还能救得回来的事。”救不回来也没事，先忽悠木精灵站到他们这边再说。
"We must first tell the high priest and the patriarch that the tree of life is parasitized by parasites, but maybe it can be saved." It's okay if you can't save it, let's fool the wood elves to stand on their side first.
听到王叶突然开口，几位大佬一起过来。 Hearing Wang Ye suddenly speak, several bigwigs came over together.
“告诉那位大祭司有什么用？你也看到了，她已经和那棵树融合，如果生命之树被寄生，那么大祭司十成也被寄生了。”疯药王道。
"What's the use of telling the high priest? As you can see, she has merged with the tree, and if the tree of life is parasitized, then the high priest is also parasitized. "The King of Crazy Medicine.
王叶摇头：“不，大祭司的意识很清醒，她应该只是被影响了。你们也看到了，她最后释放了某种很厉害的攻击，但那攻击不是针对我们，而是针对那些树根，这就说明，寄生虫对她就算有所影响，也有限。但她的心念很可能动摇，怀疑自己被寄生，所以我们必须告诉她，她没有被寄生，而且她说不定能和生命之树分开。”
Wang Ye shook his head: "No, the high priest's consciousness is very clear, she should have only been affected." As you can see, she ended up unleashing some kind of powerful attack, but it wasn't aimed at us, but at the roots, which means that the parasite had a limited effect on her, if any. But her mind is likely to waver, suspecting that she is parasitized, so we must tell her that she is not parasitized, and that she may be able to separate from the tree of life. ”
虫老挑眉：“你怎么知道她能和生命之树分开？” The insect elder raised his eyebrows: "How do you know that she can be separated from the tree of life?" ”
王叶眨眼，一脸天真地道：“因为雷木说他感觉到生命之树还有意识。只要生命之树还有意识，那么就表示虫母和生命之树的融合还没有彻底完成，一切都还有挽救的机会。”
Wang Ye blinked and said innocently: "Because Lei Mu said that he felt that the Tree of Life was still conscious." As long as the Tree of Life is still conscious, then it means that the fusion of the Mother Worm and the Tree of Life has not been completely completed, and everything still has a chance to be saved. ”
“你又是怎么知道那棵树里待着的是虫母？”虫老只觉得这个徒弟满身是谜。至于王叶说雷木能感觉到生命之树还有意识，虫老还以为这和雷木的木精灵血脉有关。
"How did you know that there was a mother worm in that tree?" The worm only felt that this apprentice was full of mysteries. As for Wang Ye's statement that Lei Mu could feel that the Tree of Life was still conscious, the insect elder thought that it was related to Lei Mu's wood elf bloodline.
只兰道很古怪地扫了扫两小。 Only Landau swept the two small ones very strangely.
雷木避开他的目光。 Reimu avoided his gaze.
王叶清清嗓子，看向闻笛，一脸：师父，你上！ Wang Ye cleared his throat, looked at Wen Di, and said: Master, you go!
闻笛无语，但他还是把这个擦屁股的工作接了过来，谁让他两辈子就收了这么一个徒弟呢。
Wen Di was speechless, but he still took over the job of wiping his ass, who let him accept such an apprentice in his two lifetimes.
“小叶子他有一些预知能力。”这位上来就放炮，他懒得搞铺垫。
"Xiao Yezi, he has some foreknowledge ability." This one came up and fired the cannon, he was too lazy to do the foreshadowing.
“啥？！”疯药王瞪大眼睛。 "What?!" The Mad Medicine King's eyes widened.
“你说什么？！”虫老怀疑自己的耳朵。 "What did you say?!" The worm is old and suspicious of his ears.
兰道和靳蜘蛛也都看向闻笛，满眼不可置信。 Landau and Jin Spider also looked at Wen Di with disbelief in their eyes.
闻笛就像是他说的只是一桩小事一样，特别潇洒地挥挥手道：“不用太惊讶，你们也不看看这个小兔崽子小小年纪为什么这么贼滑。”
Wen Di waved his hand as if he was just a trivial matter, and said, "Don't be too surprised, you don't look at why this little rabbit cub is so slippery at such a young age." ”
“喂喂喂，师父，什么叫贼滑？”王叶抗议。 "Hey, hey, Master, what do you mean by a thief?" Wang Ye protested.
“你闭嘴！”闻笛对几位师父笑笑，道：“王叶小时候经常做梦，因为他长时间做梦，并且醒来后都能记得，还会说一些稀奇古怪的话，他家人恐惧之下，就把他关了起来，还经常虐待他。”
“混蛋！”虫老眼中瞬时冒出杀意。 "Bastard!" Killing intent instantly appeared in the eyes of the old worm.
其他几位师父都不舒服，看小叶子现在的样子，谁也想不到这孩子是被虐待长大的。
闻笛：“幸好他的梦境让他比一般孩子成熟，他才没有被他家人彻底毁掉，后来我偶尔经过他家附近，听说了他的事情，就把他从他家人手上买了下来。”
王叶：您就编吧。
兰道怜惜地揉了揉王叶的脑袋。这孩子童年也不容易，怪不得他和雷木能处得这么好，两个小可怜。
虫老也冷哼一声，他又把王叶曾经说过的王子身世结合到闻笛新说的王叶新身世上，自我判断出小兔崽子还是说了一定实话，也就是他这个看似顽劣的徒弟小时候确实过得不怎么样。
也怪不得这小混蛋对闻笛这么亲近，这可不止是师父，更是带他离开那个环境，让他重生的救命恩人。
It's no wonder that this little bastard is so close to Wen Di, this is not only the master, but also the life-saving benefactor who took him out of that environment and reborn him.
闻笛也没说得很详细，他深知谎言这东西就不能说得太详细，越详细越容易出现漏洞，还不如说个大概，让大家自己脑补。
Wen Di didn't say it in detail, he knew that he couldn't tell too much about lies, and the more detailed they were, the easier they were to have loopholes, so it was better to give them a rough idea and let everyone make up for it themselves.
闻笛环看几位大佬的表情，发现他们没有丝毫怀疑，且显然脑补得都很丰富，放心了。
Wen Dihuan looked at the expressions of several bigwigs and found that they did not have the slightest suspicion, and obviously their brains were very rich, so they were relieved.
“所以他能知道这些信息，应该是他又在梦境碎片中看到了什么。小叶子，对吗？”闻笛笑眯眯地看向王叶。
So he could know this information, it should be what he saw in the dream fragment again. Little leaves, right? Wen Di looked at Wang Ye with a smile.
王叶当然只能点头：“是这样，以前我没说是觉得没必要，因为我这个能力正在逐渐消失，有时候明明梦了很多，但醒来后却不记得什么了。”
Of course, Wang Ye could only nod: "That's the case, I didn't say that I didn't think it was necessary before, because my ability is gradually disappearing, sometimes I dream a lot, but I don't remember anything after waking up." ”
闻笛补充：“是我叮嘱他，让他不要说出去。你们也知道，世人对预言者的态度都是什么样。”
Wen Di added: "I told him not to speak out. And you know what the attitude of the world towards the prophets is. ”
众大佬也没谁觉得不舒服，再说他们和小叶子认识的时间，最长的也不超过一年，小叶子现在能把他这么多重要秘密都告诉他们，他们还有什么不满的？
None of the big guys felt uncomfortable, and besides, they had known Xiao Yezi for the longest time, and the longest time they had known each other was no more than a year, Xiao Yezi could tell them so many important secrets about him now, what else did they have to disagree with?
虫老还跟拍皮球一样拍拍王小叶的脑袋，故意逗徒弟：“那我收你为徒这一幕，你在梦境中看到了吗？”
The worm elder also patted Wang Xiaoye's head like a ball, and deliberately teased his apprentice: "Then I accept you as an apprentice, did you see it in your dream?" ”
王叶呵呵：“不好意思，我在梦境中只看到陨星魔法学校在七年后就变成了废墟，一个人都找不到了。别说拜您为师，我原本应该连陨星魔法学校都没来过。”
Wang Ye hehe: "I'm sorry, I only saw in my dream that the Meteorite Magic School was in ruins after seven years, and no one could find it." Don't say I want to be a teacher, I shouldn't have even been to the Meteorite School of Magic. ”
“什么？！”这下好了，这个消息彻底炸翻了几位大佬。
"What?!" Well, this news has completely blown up several bigwigs.
可王叶这个小混蛋丢下这么一个爆炸性消息，却拍拍手道：“诸位师父，我们现在的重点是解决木精灵这边的问题，陨星的事，我们先放一边。”
But Wang Ye, the little bastard, dropped such an explosive news, but clapped his hands and said, "Masters, our focus now is to solve the problem on the side of the wood elves, and the matter of the falling star, let's put it aside for now." ”
这句话一出，众位师父不但没有把注意力集中在木精灵的问题上，反而……
As soon as these words came out, instead of focusing on the issue of the wood elves, the masters ......
虫老第一个冲上前，把小雷木从王叶怀里拎出来，扔给兰道，揪起王小叶就要揍他屁屁。
The insect elder was the first to rush forward, took Xiao Lei Mu out of Wang Ye's arms, and threw it to Landau, picking up Wang Xiaoye and beating him up.
王叶捂着屁股哇哇大叫：“老头！你别太过分，动不动就动手，你这个暴力狂！”
Wang Ye covered his ass and shouted: "Old man! Don't go too far, do it at every turn, you violent maniac! ”
“你给我把话说清楚，什么叫七年后陨星就变成了废墟？”
"You tell me clearly, what do you mean that the meteorite will be in ruins after seven years?"
“我怎么知道？反正就是变成废墟了嘛。不光是陨星，整个精灵族地在十七年以后也被智慧寄生虫族攻入，精灵族彻底完蛋，都没有多少精灵逃出来。而那时也没有丝毫木精灵的消息，显然木精灵更惨，说不定被灭了个干干净净。”
"How do I know? It's going to be in ruins anyway. Not only the meteorite, but the entire elven land was also invaded by the wisdom parasitic zerg seventeen years later, and the elven race was completely finished, and not many elves escaped. And at that time, there was not the slightest news of the wood elves, and it was obvious that the wood elves were even worse, and they might have been wiped out. ”
王叶一通乱叫，又爆出一个让众位大佬头晕眼花的消息。
Wang Ye screamed all the time, and another news broke out that made all the bigwigs dizzy.
就是雷木和闻笛都是第一次听到这么详细的时间。 It's the first time that Lei Mu and Wen Di have heard such a detailed time.
而王叶自己则舒坦无比。啊，把秘密说出来（把包袱甩掉）的感觉真好啊，现在不用他一个人愁了，事情可以都交给大佬们去做嘛，他们小一辈就负责在树荫下面乘乘凉、最多打打辅助就好了嘛~。
And Wang Ye himself was extremely comfortable. Ah, it feels good to tell the secret (get rid of the burden), now he doesn't have to worry about it alone, things can be left to the bigwigs to do, their younger generation is responsible for taking advantage of the shade under the tree, and it would be good to play at most to assist~.
第262章 说服 Chapter 262: Persuasion
等到外面平静下来，大祭司仍旧拒绝了族长请见的要求。
When it calmed down outside, the high priest still refused the patriarch's request to see him.
族长眉眼中都是愁色。 The patriarch's eyebrows and eyes were full of sadness.
大祭司的力量何其庞大，就算有所收敛，圣地也几乎快换了一个模样。
The power of the High Priest was so great that even if it was somewhat restricted, the Holy Land would almost change its appearance.
如果不是圣庭的院墙其实也是大祭司的能量所化，现在恐怕整个圣地都变成一片废墟了。
If it weren't for the fact that the walls of the Holy Court were actually transformed by the energy of the High Priest, I am afraid that the entire Holy Land would have been in ruins by now.
族长一直以为大祭司不惜消耗自己的能量铸造圣庭只是为了守护生命之树，现在他发现他的理解似乎错了，那不止是守护圣树，更有可能也是在防着它。
The patriarch had always thought that the High Priest did not hesitate to expend his energy to create the Holy Court just to protect the Tree of Life, but now he found that his understanding seemed to be wrong, it was not only to protect the Sacred Tree, but more likely to guard against it.
守护圣地的精灵战士们陆续出现在族长面前。 The elven warriors who guarded the holy land appeared in front of the patriarch one after another.
他们没有说话，但他们的神情都充满了担忧和疑问。 They didn't speak, but their expressions were full of worry and questions.
族长摆摆手，让守护战士们继续履行自己的职责，至于重修神殿的事，以后再说。
The patriarch waved his hand and told the guardian warriors to continue their duties, and as for the rebuilding of the temple, we will talk about it later.
族长在外围神殿一角废墟停下，对着空气喊道：“出来吧，我知道你们在。”
The patriarch stopped in a corner of the ruins of the outer temple and shouted into the air, "Come out, I know you're there." ”
王叶抱着小雷木和金宝一起出现。 Wang Ye appeared with Xiao Lei Mu and Jin Bao in his arms.
四头身抱着三头身，三头身的肩膀上还蹲着更小只，三个小娃娃相依相偎看着他的样子，让满心忧愁的族长也忍不住弯了弯嘴角。
The four-headed body hugged the three-headed body, and the three-headed body squatted on the shoulders of the smaller one, and the appearance of the three little dolls looking at him snuggled up to each other, so that the patriarch who was full of sorrow couldn't help but bend the corners of his mouth.
族长也没问王叶是怎么溜进来的，只道：“让我看看你手背上的精灵印记。”
The patriarch didn't ask Wang Ye how he sneaked in, but said, "Let me see the elven mark on the back of your hand." ”
王叶伸出左手，亮出手背。 Wang Ye stretched out his left hand and showed the back of his hand.
两个印记亮起。 Two sigils lit up.
族长不用碰触，就感受到这是真正的精灵印记，拥有这种印记的人必然拥有两系精灵的友谊和相当程度的信任。
The patriarch didn't need to touch it, he felt that this was a real elven mark, and those who possessed this mark must have the friendship and trust of the two elves.
族长还特意释放精神力去查看王叶的身体，不过他并没有很过分，精神力绕着王叶只是转了一圈，并没有深入。
The patriarch also deliberately released his spiritual power to check Wang Ye's body, but he was not excessive, and his spiritual power only circled around Wang Ye and did not go deeper.
他这么做只是为了检查王叶是不是真的像表面一样是个小孩子。
He just did this to check if Wang Ye was really a child as he looked.
骨龄没有问题，灵魂和身体似乎也没有任何错位。 There is no problem with bone age, and there doesn't seem to be any misalignment of the soul and body.
最重要的是，族长看到人类小崽和他们木精灵幼崽以及和那只金精灵幼崽之间那种亲密氛围，那是一种非常自然的家人氛围，没有刻意，也没有特别黏糊，两精灵幼崽在这个人类幼崽面前完全放松且全盘信赖。
Most importantly, the patriarch saw the intimacy between the human cubs and their wood elf cubs and with the golden elf cub, it was a very natural family atmosphere, not deliberate, nor particularly slimy, the two elf cubs were completely relaxed and trusting in front of this human cub.
“你们且跟我出去吧，这里不好久留。”族长招呼三小。
"Come out with me, it's not good to stay here for long." The patriarch greeted the three young.
“我们想见见大祭司。”王叶开口：“我们有很重要的事要告诉她。”
"We want to meet the High Priest." Wang Ye spoke: "We have something very important to tell her. ”
族长蹙眉，像看不懂事的小孩一样看王叶道：“有什么重要的事，你可以告诉我，我会帮你转告大祭司。大祭司身份尊贵，不是谁来都能见到。本来你们根本不能出现在圣地，尤其是你，原本我应该消除你的记忆，”
The patriarch frowned, looked at Wang Ye like an incomprehensible child, and said, "If there is anything important, you can tell me, and I will help you tell the high priest." The high priest is a noble priest, and not everyone can see it. Originally, you couldn't have appeared in the Holy Land at all, especially you, I should have erased your memory,"
“这件事必须和大祭司面谈，事关生命之树身上的智慧寄生虫，以及生命之树还有意识的事。”王叶打断族长的话，故意提高声音。
"This matter must be confronted with the High Priest, and it concerns the intelligent parasites in the Tree of Life, and the Tree of Life is still conscious." Wang Ye interrupted the patriarch's words and deliberately raised his voice.
族长一惊，刚要询问详细。 The patriarch was taken aback and was about to ask for details.
大祭司柔和中带着点疲累的声音在几人耳边响起：“阿睿，带他们进来。”
The High Priestess's soft, slightly tired voice rang in the ears of several people, "Arrow, bring them in." ”
族长抿了抿嘴唇，最终还是没有违背大祭司的意思，让三小跟上他。
The patriarch pursed his lips, but in the end, he did not go against the will of the high priest and let the three children follow him.
被封闭的圣庭打开了一个缺口，容纳四人进入。 The enclosed sanctuary opened a gap for four people to enter.
王叶三个一进圣庭就发现所有植物都没有了，只剩下位于圣庭最中央的一棵人树。
As soon as Wang Ye and the three entered the Holy Court, they found that all the plants were gone, and only a human tree in the center of the Holy Court remained.
“你们不要走得太近，就在那边说吧。”大祭司仍旧闭着眼睛，她的脸上没有半点血色，看起来极为苍白。
"Don't get too close, just talk over there." The High Priest's eyes were still closed, and her face was bloodless and looked extremely pale.
王叶却抱着雷木往大祭司那边又走了几步。 Wang Ye hugged Lei Mu and walked a few more steps to the high priest's side.
族长想伸手抓他们，可不知想到什么，伸出的手又收了回去。
The patriarch wanted to reach out and grab them, but he didn't know what to think, and his outstretched hand was withdrawn.
大祭司发出无奈的声音：“不要再往前走了，我不想再刺激祂。你们刚才说生命之树还有意识？”
The high priest made a helpless voice: "Don't go any further, I don't want to provoke Him any more." You just said that the tree of life is still conscious? ”
“是。”王叶很想屏蔽寄生生命之树的虫母，但这显然就连大祭司也做不到，只能这么说出来。
"Yes." Wang Ye really wanted to shield the worm mother of the parasitic tree of life, but this was obviously something that even the high priest couldn't do, so he could only say it.
“你们怎么会感觉到生命之树还有意识？”大祭司也能感觉到生命之树的意识，但在被雷木点明无尽森海精灵族地出现寄生虫一事后，她就怀疑生命之树被寄生了，自然也在怀疑她平日感受到的生命之树意识是否已经不是生命之树的本体意识。
"How do you feel that the Tree of Life is still conscious?" The High Priest could also feel the consciousness of the Tree of Life, but after being pointed out by Lei Mu about the appearance of parasites in the land of the Endless Forest Sea Elves, she suspected that the Tree of Life was parasitized, and naturally wondered if the consciousness of the Tree of Life that she usually felt was no longer the ontological consciousness of the Tree of Life.
王叶低头看怀抱里的小雷木。 Wang Ye looked down at the little thunderwood in his arms.
雷木脸朝着大祭司，一本正经地说道：“我听到了，祂让我不要靠近祂，说危险，让我离开。”
Lei Mu turned his face to the high priest and said solemnly: "I heard it, He told me not to go near Him, said danger, let me leave. ”
大祭司和族长同时抬头看向小小的雷木。 The High Priest and the Patriarch looked up at the little Thunderwood at the same time.
族长是惊讶，大祭司脸上却闪过惊喜之色。 The patriarch was surprised, but the high priest's face flashed with surprise.
“你说你听到了生命之树的声音？”大祭司确定。 "You said you heard the voice of the Tree of Life?" The high priest determined.
雷木点头，补充：“像是直接在我脑中响起。” Remu nodded and added, "It sounds like it's ringing directly in my head." ”
“那你对生命之树是什么感觉？”大祭司急忙问道。 "And how do you feel about the Tree of Life?" The high priest hurriedly asked.
雷木毫不犹豫地回答：“亲切，想要靠近。” Remu replied without hesitation: "Kind, want to get closer." ”
“还有呢？” "What else?"
“还有？”雷木不知道该怎么归纳总结了。 "And?" Reimu didn't know how to summarize it.
大祭司具体道：“你有没有看到光点，就在树根处。” The high priest said, "Have you seen the point of light, it is at the root of the tree?" ”
“光点？”雷木的眼睛下意识转向生命之树的树根部位，看了一会儿，说道：“我什么都没……”
"A point of light?" Lei Mu's eyes subconsciously turned to the root of the Tree of Life, looked at it for a while, and said, "I don't ...... anything"
雷木的声音消失，他看到了光点。 Remu's voice disappeared, and he saw a point of light.
不，正确说，那不是光点，那是一圈朦胧的光团，他看到光团中有一棵小小的树，那棵小树似乎营养不良，树枝都垂耷着，叶片也没剩几片，看上去就像是快死了。
No, to be precise, it wasn't a point of light, it was a hazy circle of light, and he saw a small tree in the light, and the little tree seemed to be malnourished, with its branches hanging down, and there were few leaves left, and it looked like it was dying.
“你看到了什么！”大祭司的声音急急追来。 "What do you see!" The voice of the high priest rushed after him.
雷木再次听到了那道近乎缥缈的声音，他听到那声音呼唤他：“我的孩子，不要过来，快走。”
Reimu heard the almost ethereal voice again, and he heard the voice calling to him, "My child, don't come, go quickly." ”
雷木眼睛变红，他低喃：“我看到一颗小树，发光的小树，祂快死了。”
Remu's eyes turned red, and he murmured, "I saw a little tree, a glowing little tree, and he was dying." ”
大祭司脸上迸发出强烈的惊喜，随后她紧闭的双眼眼角忽然流出泪水，“祂没死，祂还存在，祂还有了……。这就好，这就好！”
A strong surprise erupted on the High Priest's face, and then tears suddenly welled up in the corners of her closed eyes, "He is not dead, He still exists, He still has ......." That's good, that's good! ”
大祭司擦掉眼泪，很快收拾好感情，她再次面向雷木时，神情变得极为温柔：“好孩子，你不要害怕，现在你听我说，你并不是一个普通的木精灵幼崽，你的翅膀也是证据之一，这是远古精灵的标志，只是我们在进化途中失去了这一特征，为了融入这个世界，我们变得更像人。”
The high priest wiped away her tears and quickly collected her feelings, and when she faced Lei Mu again, her expression became extremely gentle: "Good boy, don't be afraid, now you listen to me, you are not an ordinary wood elf cub, your wings are also one of the evidence, this is the sign of ancient elves, it's just that we lost this trait in the process of evolution, in order to integrate into this world, we become more human." ”
王叶和雷木，包括他空间中的众位大佬都露出了奇怪的神色。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu, including all the bigwigs in his space, all showed strange looks.
“这里有一些只有我们精灵族大祭司和王才能知道的秘密，我会告诉你。不过需要先请你身边的小朋友离开。”大祭司温和地道。
"Here are some secrets that only our elven high priests and kings can know, and I will tell you. However, you need to ask the children around you to leave first. "The high priest is gentle and authentic.
雷木和王叶一听大祭司的意思就明白了，这位大祭司似乎想把大祭司之位传给雷木。
Lei Mu and Wang Ye understood as soon as they heard what the high priest meant, and this high priest seemed to want to pass on the position of high priest to Lei Mu.
族长身体震动，他似乎想到了什么，他想阻止大祭司，可在看到大祭司的神情后，他所有劝阻之言都堵在了喉咙口。
The patriarch's body shook, he seemed to think of something, he wanted to stop the high priest, but after seeing the high priest's expression, all his words of persuasion were blocked in his throat.
雷木摇头，“我什么都不会隐瞒小叶子，你跟我说的话，有必要的话，我都会告诉他。”
Lei Mu shook his head, "I won't hide anything from Xiao Yezi, what you tell me, if necessary, I will tell him." ”
族长在后面不住摇头。 The patriarch shook his head in the back.
大祭司也轻声叹息，她好不容易发现一个很有可能身怀生命之树种子、从而觉醒了远古血脉的木精灵，可这么宝贵的小精灵却更偏向一个人类小孩。
The High Priestess also sighed softly, she finally found a wood elf who was very likely to carry the seed of the Tree of Life and thus awakened the ancient bloodline, but such a precious elf was more inclined to a human child.
大祭司再温柔的人，这时也难免对王叶生出了一点杀心。
No matter how gentle the high priest is, it is inevitable that he will have a little murderous intent towards Wang Ye at this time.
不过她很快收起了这份杀心，谁没有一两个朋友？何况这个精灵幼崽的孵化说不定和这个人类幼崽有很大的关系。
But she quickly put away this murderous intent, who doesn't have a friend or two? What's more, the hatching of this elf cub may have a lot to do with this human cub.
而且这个人类幼崽竟然能躲过光门的检查溜进圣地，只这点就让人无法轻视他。
Moreover, this human cub was able to evade the inspection of the light gate and slip into the holy land, which alone makes it impossible to despise him.
“孩子，你叫什么名字？从哪里来？”大祭司表情柔和地正式询问王叶道。
"Child, what's your name? Where did it come from? The high priest asked Wang Yedao formally with a soft expression.
王叶也不想惹这位真半神级大佬的恶感，如实回答：“我叫王叶，也叫雷叶，我是陨星魔法学校的学生。”
Wang Ye didn't want to provoke the bad feelings of this true demigod-level boss, so he replied truthfully: "My name is Wang Ye, also known as Lei Ye, and I am a student of the Falling Star Magic School. ”
“你的指导教授是谁？你的家族是哪个家族？”大祭司又问。
"Who is your advisor? Which family is yours? The high priest asked again.
王叶跟孩子一样数道：“我家我就认我姑，现在有木木、金宝、小云、小光和它的族群，还有小角和贝贝，还有几个无家可归的老头和我几位师父。我的家族就叫小叶子之家，我是一家之主，我负责养家。”
Wang Ye counted like a child: "I will recognize my aunt in my family, and now there are Mumu, Jinbao, Xiaoyun, Xiaoguang and their clans, as well as Xiaojiao and Beibei, as well as a few homeless old men and a few of my masters. My family is called Xiaoyezi Family, I am the head of the family, and I am responsible for supporting the family. ”
王叶骄傲地挺起胸膛。 Wang Ye puffed out his chest proudly.
不说虫巢里的大佬们听王叶数出的这一堆家人有什么反应，大祭司和族长听到都笑了起来。
Not to mention the reactions of the bigwigs in the hive to hearing the bunch of family members counted by Wang Ye, the high priest and the patriarch all laughed when they heard it.
他们不知道小云和小光等等都是谁，但小孩子能叫小什么的，肯定要么和他一样都是孩子，要么就是养的宠物一类，两位就没有细问。
They didn't know who Xiaoyun and Xiaoguang were, but what a child could call Xiao or something, they must either be children like him, or they were pets, so they didn't ask in detail.
王叶又开始背自己的师父谱。 Wang Ye began to memorize his master's pedigree again.
族长听过汇报，心里已经有数，他之前来找大祭司，除了想说虫灾的事，就是想特别提一提这个来历不凡的人类小孩。
After hearing the report, the patriarch already knew in his heart that he had come to the high priest before, in addition to wanting to talk about the insect plague, he just wanted to mention this human child with an extraordinary background.
他们可以不在乎一个小孩子，但这个孩子的背景却着实让他头疼，怎么处理都不好。
They don't care about a small child, but this child's background is really a headache for him, and it's not easy to deal with it.
而且族长无法判断这个孩子出现在他们秘境是否代表了什么，也不敢随便处理，这才来找大祭司，想问问大祭司是否在以往“见过”这个孩子，或者有什么预示没有。
Moreover, the patriarch couldn't judge whether the appearance of this child in their secret realm represented something, and he didn't dare to deal with it casually, so he came to the high priest and wanted to ask if the high priest had "seen" this child in the past, or if there was any foreshadowing.
大祭司听完王叶那一溜串的师父，笑了。 The high priest smiled after listening to Wang Ye's string of masters.
她离开外面太久，这些人的名字对她来说都很陌生，但从小孩给他师父们附加的说明来看，小孩的师父应该都是目前世间的强者，何况小孩还拥有一位圣级武宗的校长师父。
She had been away from the outside for too long, and the names of these people were all unfamiliar to her, but judging from the instructions that the child attached to his masters, the children's masters should all be the strongest in the current world, not to mention that the children also had a Saint-level Martial Sect's headmaster master.
虽然不清楚这些“年轻人”的底细，但大祭司对陨星的印象非常好，那是和他们精灵族关系极为深厚的一座学校，如果不是精灵族当年发生的内乱，那座学校也是精灵族和外界接触的窗口，以前精灵族很多成长期的幼崽都会在那座学校学习一段时间。
Although it is not clear the details of these "young people", the high priest has a very good impression of the meteorite, it is a school that has a very deep relationship with their elves, if it were not for the civil strife that occurred in the elves back then, that school is also a window for the elves to contact with the outside world, and many of the elven cubs in the growth period would study in that school for a period of time.
最初，精灵族和人类一起合力建起那座学校，就是为了让年少的精灵们有一块融入和适应外界社会的踏板。
Originally, the elves and humans worked together to build the school, so that the young elves would have a pedal to integrate and adapt to the outside world.
因为这份天然好感，加上王叶手背上的两个精灵印记，大祭司彻底打消了对王叶的杀心，甚至因为这孩子说他养家，而对这个同样年龄不大的小崽生出了不少好感。
Because of this natural favor, coupled with the two elf marks on the back of Wang Ye's hand, the high priest completely dispelled his murderous intention towards Wang Ye, and even because the child said that he was raising a family, he had a lot of good feelings for this cub who was also not very old.
就算雷木是她想的又怎样呢，难道她要让这孩子和她一样孤独一生，永远被困在圣地吗？
Even if Lei Mu was what she thought, did she want this child to be as lonely as she was, trapped in the Holy Land forever?
王叶忽然道：“尊敬的大祭司，我不知道您要跟木木说的秘密是什么？不过就我师父们跟我说过的一些故事来推测，我想您要和木木说的秘密，一来可能关系到精灵族的来历，二来可能关系到生命之树和精灵族的关系，三来有可能就是关系到寄生虫族和精灵族和生命之树的关系了。我说的对不对？”
Wang Ye suddenly said, "Honorable High Priest, I don't know what the secret you want to tell Mu Mu is?" However, based on some of the stories that my masters told me, I think the secret you want to tell Mu Mu may be related to the origin of the elves, the relationship between the tree of life and the elves, and the relationship between the parasitic zerg and the elves and the tree of life. Am I right? ”
大祭司动容，“你是个非常聪明的孩子。怪不得你有这么多师父。”
The High Priest was moved, "You are a very smart child. No wonder you have so many masters. ”
王叶也没骄傲，只道：“我见过寄生虫族，还打败……好吧，也许不能说是打败，那支智慧寄生虫族刚诞生不久，还没有对这个世界形成威胁。正好被我和木木发现，我们就通知了佣兵公会，破坏了那支寄生虫族的寄生阴谋，但还是有不少寄生虫逃了出去。”
Wang Ye was not proud, but said: "I have seen the parasitic Zerg Clan, and I have defeated ...... Well, maybe it can't be said to be defeated, that intelligent parasite has just been born and has not yet posed a threat to this world. Just as Mu Mu and I found out, we notified the Mercenary Guild and sabotaged the parasitic conspiracy of the parasitic clan, but many parasites still escaped. ”
大祭司忽然感到了一股愤怒，让她刚刚消失的杀心差点又冒出来。
The High Priestess suddenly felt a surge of anger, and her murderous intent that had just disappeared almost came out again.
大祭司愤怒，但这股愤怒不是对王叶，而是对某个藏在暗中的卑劣寄生虫！
The High Priest was angry, but this anger was not against Wang Ye, but at some despicable parasite hiding in the shadows!
休想再控制我！ Don't want to control me anymore!
“你遇到了一支寄生虫族？能详细和我说说吗？”大祭司问。
"You've encountered a parasite? Can you tell me more about it? The high priest asked.
“可以。”王叶就把他在囚犯岛的遭遇大致说了一遍。 "Yes." Wang Ye gave a general account of what happened to him on Prisoner Island.
大祭司听完，沉默良久。 When the high priest heard this, he was silent for a long time.
木精灵族长则很想问问小孩更多详细，他对寄生虫族不了解，但他从大祭司以前说过的一些预言片段中，也听到寄生虫之类的说法，知道这个种族很可怕，可怕到精灵族内部因此产生内乱，乃至他们木精灵一系不得不逃出精灵族地。
The Wood Elf Patriarch wanted to ask the child for more details, he didn't know much about the Parasites, but he had heard the Parasites and the like from some of the prophecies that the High Priest had said before, and he knew that this race was terrible, so terrible that there was civil strife within the Elf Clan, and even their Wood Elves had to escape from the Elf Clan.
而听小孩的说法，直到现在他们精灵族，包括他们木精灵一系都还在深受其害！
And listening to the child's statement, until now, their elf clan, including their wood elf family, are still suffering from it!
王叶见大祭司不开口，他等不及……时间不多啊，就先一步道：“您要和木木说的秘密先放在一边，我先把我掌握的一点消息告诉您。”
Wang Ye saw that the high priest didn't speak, he couldn't wait...... There wasn't much time, so he took the first step and said: "Put aside the secret you want to tell Mu Mu first, and I'll tell you the little information I have first." ”
大祭司看向他。 The high priest looked at him.
王叶直接说道：“首先，我能感知到寄生虫所在，这可能是因为我契约了小光它们的原因，也可能是因为我修炼的功法比较特殊。哦，小光它们原本也是寄生虫族，但现在它们跟我混了。我知道你们想说什么，不用担心小光，它们是寄生虫族中的农民虫，只负责给寄生虫们提供口粮，并没有寄生的能力。”
Wang Ye said directly: "First of all, I can sense where the parasites are, this may be because I have contracted Xiaoguang them, or it may be because the exercises I practice are relatively special. Oh, Xiaoguang, they were originally parasites too, but now they're mixed with me. I know what you want to say, don't worry about Xiaoguang, they are the peasant worms of the parasite family, they are only responsible for providing rations to the parasites, and they have no parasitic ability. ”
实际小光有，但王叶在契约小光后，就禁止了它和它的族群往这个方向进化。
Actually, Xiaoguang has, but after Wang Ye contracted Xiaoguang, he forbade it and its race to evolve in this direction.
小光自己也没这个意思，它对寄生别的物种、干掉对方意识再融合，从而进化自己的进化方式不感兴趣。它更喜欢靠捕猎和吃掉猎物来囤积能量，然后通过战斗来按照自己喜欢和需要的方向进化。
Xiaoguang himself doesn't mean this, it's not interested in parasitic other species, killing each other's consciousness and then merging, so as to evolve its own evolutionary way. It prefers to hoard energy by hunting and eating its prey, and then fights to evolve in the direction it likes and needs.
虽然这样速度也许更慢一些，进化出来的能力也不强大，需要一点点修炼。但小光觉得这样的过程才更有意思。
Although this speed may be slower, the evolved ability is not strong, and it requires a little bit of cultivation. But Xiaoguang thinks this process is more interesting.
只能说就是寄生虫族，也不是所有虫的想法都是一样的。
It can only be said that it is a parasitic worm, and not all worms think the same.
能被王叶收服的小光和它的族群，本身也是奇葩。 Xiaoguang and its race, which can be subdued by Wang Ye, are also strange in themselves.
如果浮游光虫们不是奇葩，虫老口中的远古顶阶战虫又怎么会沦落到寄生虫族的最底层？
If the planktonic light insects are not wonderful, how could the ancient top-tier war insects in the mouth of the insect elder fall to the lowest level of the parasitic Zerg?
“你竟然能收服一支寄生虫族？”大祭司感到不可思议。
"You can take in a parasite?" The high priest was incredulous.
王叶摆摆手，不在意地道：“这个不是重点，重点是我和小光都能感应到寄生虫，如果寄生时间不长，我还能把寄生虫从寄生者体内直接干掉，而被寄生者不会有任何问题。”
Wang Ye waved his hand and said indifferently: "This is not the point, the point is that both Xiaoguang and I can sense the parasite, if the parasite is not long, I can also kill the parasite directly from the parasite's body, and the parasite will not have any problems." ”
大祭司变色了。这是当年她都没有做到的事情！ The high priest changed color. It's something she didn't do back then!
王叶紧接着道：“就算寄生时间很长，但有些被寄生者的意识极为顽强，哪怕身体已经融合，自我意识还存在，这种情况下，只要被寄生者的意识还没有被完全吞噬，那么我也能帮其和寄生虫的意识分开，再单独干掉寄生虫的意识，不过已经融合改造后的身体就没办法挽回了，但我想这也不算太吃亏。”
Wang Ye then said: "Even if the parasitism is very long, but the consciousness of some parasitized people is extremely tenacious, even if the body has been fused, the self-consciousness still exists, in this case, as long as the consciousness of the parasite has not been completely swallowed, then I can also help it separate from the consciousness of the parasite, and then kill the consciousness of the parasite alone, but the body that has been fused and transformed cannot be recovered, but I think this is not too much of a loss." ”
“你说什么？你没有骗我？！”大祭司的声音都变了。 "What do you say? You didn't lie to me?! The voice of the high priest changed.
族长也一脸吃惊和期盼地望向前面站着的小孩。 The patriarch also looked at the child standing in front of him with a look of surprise and expectation.
他真的能做到他说的吗？ Can he really do what he says?
不是在吹牛？ Not bragging?
大祭司再次感觉到某个想法在蠢蠢欲动，她拼命压制着这股意识，再次跟小孩确定。这件事太重要，如果这个人类小崽真的能做到他说的，那么……！
The High Priestess once again sensed an idea stirring, and she tried desperately to suppress it, reassuring herself with the child. This matter is too important, if this human cub can really do what he says, then ......!
王叶点头：“我现在就可以明确告诉您，生命之树确实被寄生了，还是被一只虫母。请注意，是虫母，不是母虫。虫母是一支寄生虫族的最源头，有它在，它就能生出整一个寄生虫族。何况这只虫母寄生的还是生命之树，也许它是想从根源改变寄生虫族的生命形态。”
Wang Ye nodded: "I can tell you clearly right now that the Tree of Life is indeed parasitized, or by a worm mother." Note that it is a motherworm, not a female. The mother worm is the source of a parasite, and with it, it can give birth to an entire parasite. What's more, this mother worm is still parasitic on the tree of life, maybe it wants to change the life form of the parasite from the root. ”
“关于这点的探讨我们先放一边，再说第二点。”王叶竖起两根手指：“我还可以明确告诉您，您没有被寄生，您的意识也是完整的。另外生命之树的意识也还存在，那么我就可以帮您和生命之树分离出那只虫母的意识，不过她寄生这么长时间，几乎已经抢占了生命之树的全部能量，我肯定干不过它，需要您和生命之树的帮忙。”
"Let's put aside this discussion for a while, and then move on to the second point." Wang Ye raised two fingers: "I can also tell you clearly that you are not parasitized, and your consciousness is complete." In addition, the consciousness of the Tree of Life still exists, so I can help you separate the consciousness of the mother worm from the Tree of Life, but she has been parasitic for so long that she has almost seized all the energy of the Tree of Life, I will definitely not be able to do it, and I need the help of you and the Tree of Life. ”
大祭司先喜悦后沉默，之后就迅速冷静下来：“你要我怎么帮忙？”
The high priest was first pleased and then silent, and then quickly calmed down: "How do you want me to help?" ”
王叶：“很简单，把您的精神力借给我，然后您再用您的力量压制生命之树，我会把我的精神力和能量深入生命之树的身体，寻找虫母意识。等我找到后，我会告诉您，再设法缠住它，然后您和我一起合力干掉虫母意识，只有这样，才能救下生命之树和您自己。”
Wang Ye: "It's very simple, lend me your spiritual power, and then you use your power to suppress the Tree of Life, and I will put my spiritual power and energy deep into the body of the Tree of Life, looking for the consciousness of the insect mother." When I find it, I'll tell you to try to entangle it again, and then you and I will work together to kill the Mother Worm Consciousness, and only then can you save the Tree of Life and yourself. ”
族长翡睿深吸气，他不好发表意见，他觉得这时候应该请长老们一起过来，这件事太重要，涉及面也太广太深，他们应该相信这个人类小孩吗？
Patriarch Fei Rui took a deep breath, he was not good at expressing his opinion, he felt that at this time, he should invite the elders to come over, this matter was too important, and the scope was too broad and deep, should they believe this human child?
大祭司也不是完全相信王叶。 The high priest also did not fully believe in the king leaf.
她要怎么证明这个人类小孩没有被寄生虫寄生？ How could she prove that this human child was not parasitized by parasites?
如果小孩被寄生，那么他带着雷木过来是不是也是阴谋的一部分？
If the child was parasitized, was it also part of the conspiracy that he brought Thunderwood over?
小孩说帮自己除虫，实际上会不会是借口，只是想要把自己的精神力和能量深入生命之树，进而彻底控制生命之树和她？
Could it be that the child said that he would help himself get rid of insects, but he just wanted to put his mental power and energy deep into the Tree of Life, and then completely control the Tree of Life and her?
这一切没有佐证，都需要她自己来判断。 There is no evidence for all this, and she needs to judge for herself.
那么她要怎么相信这小孩说的是真的？是真心来帮助她和生命之树，而不是想要害她们？
So how could she believe that the kid was telling the truth? Is it to help her and the Tree of Life, not to harm them?
王叶一看大祭司神情，哪怕对方神情很平淡很冷静，他还是看出来了，这位大祭司不相信他。
Wang Ye saw the high priest's expression, even if the other party's expression was very flat and calm, he could still see that the high priest didn't believe him.
这很正常，换了他，他也不会让一个突然冒出来的陌生人，尤其还是一个小毛崽子给自己“治病”。
This is normal, if he is replaced, he will not let a stranger who suddenly appears, especially a little hairy cub, "heal" himself.
“你快控制不住生命之树了，对吗？不，应该说你快控制不住已经异变的生命之树，包括你自己在内，都在被这棵异变的虫树不断吞噬。”
"You can't control the tree of life, can you? No, it should be said that you can't control the mutated tree of life, including yourself, is constantly being devoured by this mutated insect tree. ”
王叶的表情真的不像一个孩子。 Wang Ye's expression really didn't look like a child.
虫巢中虫老和兰道下意识看向闻笛。 The worm elder and Lan Dao in the insect nest subconsciously looked at Wen Di.
这时，王叶的眼神特别犀利，那小表情甚至还带着点嘲讽，和闻笛贼像。
At this time, Wang Ye's eyes were particularly sharp, and his little expression even had a little mockery, like a thief.
闻笛勾起唇角。 The smell of the flute hooks the corners of the lips.
“你知道整个木精灵秘境到处都在发生虫灾吗？” "Did you know that insect plagues are happening everywhere in the entire Wood Elf Secret Realm?"
“你知道那些虫灾是哪里来的吗？”王叶一指生命之树：“就是这棵树，它已经异变了，它可以分裂出无数小虫子，从土壤传递出去，这看起来很消耗能量，但那些小虫子却可以吞噬整个秘境来补充虫树的能量。”
"Do you know where those insect plagues came from?" Wang Ye pointed to the Tree of Life: "It's this tree, it has been mutated, it can split out countless small insects, which can be transmitted from the soil, which seems to consume energy, but those small insects can devour the entire secret realm to replenish the energy of the insect tree." ”
王叶冷冷道：“一旦这只虫母把整个秘境的植物都吞噬干净，它的能量将进一步提升，只要它的能量压过你，它就可以痛快地彻底地吃掉你、融合你的能量。想想看，两个半神级加一个秘境的能量融合到一只虫母身上，它能变成什么样吧。”
Wang Ye said coldly: "Once this insect mother devours the entire secret realm of plants, its energy will be further enhanced, as long as its energy overwhelms you, it can eat you completely and happily and fuse your energy." Think about what it can become if the energy of two demigods and one secret realm is fused into a worm mother. ”
“而第一个遭殃的就是你们木精灵！这个秘境中的木精灵将是进化升级后的虫母生出的寄生虫的第一批寄生体，也是最佳养料。它们将拥有木精灵的外表，木精灵的实力，甚至是木精灵的记忆，同时还拥有木精灵没有的独特能力。”
"And the first to suffer is you Wood Elves! The wood elves in this secret realm will be the first batch of parasites born from the evolved and upgraded insect mother, and they are also the best nourishment. They will have the appearance of a Wood Elf, the strength of a Wood Elf, and even the memories of a Wood Elf, as well as unique abilities that the Wood Elf does not have. ”
“这批变异木精灵如果和其他寄生虫族联合，去攻打无尽森海的精灵族地，你们觉得会发生什么样的事？”
"If these mutant wood elves join forces with other parasitic zergs to attack the elven clan land of the Endless Forest Sea, what do you think will happen?"
大祭司和族长不需要回答这个问题，因为他们都知道这个问题的答案。
The high priest and patriarch did not need to answer this question because they all knew the answer to this question.
精灵族缺失木精灵太久了，看到一批木精灵回来，哪怕他们有所怀疑，也会把他们迎进族地。
The elves have been missing the Wood Elves for too long, and when they see a group of Wood Elves returning, even if they are suspicious, they will welcome them into the clan land.
而一批被寄生的变异木精灵进入精灵族地，再带入一部分寄生虫，只要他们先对精灵族高层下手……
And a batch of parasitic mutant wood elves entered the elf land, and then brought in some parasites, as long as they attacked the elf clan higher-ups first......
大祭司木守和族长翡睿不寒而栗！ High Priest Kimori and Patriarch Philip shuddered!
王叶这边也终于明白为什么精灵族地会那么容易就被攻破，不止是因为内部幼崽们被寄生虫族寄生，也因为一群伪木精灵的到来。
Wang Ye finally understood why the elf land was so easily breached, not only because the cubs inside were parasitized by the parasitic zerg, but also because of the arrival of a group of pseudo-wood elves.
大祭司示意族长：“去请长老。” The high priest motioned to the patriarch: "Go and ask the elders." ”
族长二话不说，迅速离去。 The patriarch didn't say a word and quickly left.
第263章 气坏的虫母 Chapter 263: The Angry Mother of Worms
大祭司面朝王叶，她眼睛紧闭，但她的精神力却笼罩住小孩。
The high priest faced Wang Ye, her eyes were closed, but her spiritual power shrouded the child.
小孩的一言一行、一举一动，她都能“看”得清清楚楚。
The child's every word and deed, every move, she can "see" clearly.
她仍旧不能完全信任这个人类小崽，但这个小孩也把她和木精灵的现况点得很清楚。
She still couldn't fully trust the human cub, but the kid made it clear what was going on with her and the Wood Elf.
就如小孩的言下之意一样，他没有必要骗她，因为她确实坚持不了多长时间，“生命之树”吞噬融合她不过是早晚的事情。
Just like the child's words, there was no need for him to lie to her, because she really couldn't last long, and it was only a matter of time before the "Tree of Life" devoured and fused her.
至于虫灾…… As for the insect plague......
大祭司把自己的精神力远远延伸出去。 The high priest extended his spiritual power far and wide.
这个秘境很大，不亚于外面一个中等国家的国土面积。 This secret realm is very large, no less than the land area of a medium-sized country outside.
但大祭司的精神力可以轻松覆盖整个秘境，这就是半神的力量。
But the spiritual power of the high priest can easily cover the entire secret realm, and this is the power of the demigods.
只不过以前她很少这样做，因为她需要运用全部精神力去压制生命之树的意识。
It's just that she rarely did this before, because she needed to use all her mental power to suppress the consciousness of the Tree of Life.
但现在，她需要亲眼看一看整个秘境都变成了什么样。 But now, she needed to see for herself what had become of the entire secret realm.
大祭司仍旧留了一些精神力在监视生命之树……不，应该说是监视那只虫母的精神力，防止它突然冒出来搞破坏。
The High Priest still had some spiritual power left to watch over the Tree of Life...... No, it should be said that it is to monitor the spiritual power of the insect mother to prevent it from suddenly appearing and causing damage.
大祭司更是把自己的全部能量都用来压制生命之树的能量。
The High Priest used all his energy to suppress the energy of the Tree of Life.
因为这份压制和监控，虫母就算知道大祭司正在做什么，它也无力阻止，它甚至不能收回那些魔螨。因为它暴露了，就更需要更多的能量来充实自己，好尽快压过大祭司。
Because of this suppression and surveillance, even if the Mother Worm knew what the High Priest was doing, it was powerless to stop it, and it couldn't even take back those demon mites. Because it is exposed, it needs more energy to fill itself with more energy in order to overpower the high priest as soon as possible.
但它也没办法再创造更多魔螨，大祭司在对它起疑后就彻底压制住它的能量，让它无法把能量再延伸出去。
But it was unable to create more demon mites, and the High Priest, after becoming suspicious of it, completely suppressed its energy, so that it could not extend its energy further.
大祭司就这么亲眼看到了那铺天盖地的魔螨给秘境和木精灵们带来了多大的创伤。
The High Priest saw with his own eyes how traumatized the secret realm and the wood elves were by the overwhelming demon mites.
“孩子们，不要悲伤和绝望，拿起你们的魔武，运用你们的能量，不惜代价去消灭这些魔螨。收集种子，毁掉所有植物。对，你们没有听错，农作物、山林、草原，只要是植物，全部毁掉！除此之外，你们还要把土壤翻开来，不要放过任何一只虫卵。杀死这些魔螨，杀死它们！让我们破而后立！”
"Children, do not be sad and despairing, take up your magic weapons, use your energy, and destroy these demon mites at any cost. Collect seeds and destroy all plants. Yes, you heard it right, crops, forests, grasslands, as long as they are plants, all destroyed! In addition to this, you have to turn up the soil and not let go of any eggs. Kill these magic mites, kill them! Let's break and stand! ”
木精灵们先是一愣，随后互相对视。 The wood elves were stunned for a moment, then looked at each other.
随即，就有精灵兴奋地大叫道：“是大祭司！我感觉到了，是大祭司在跟我们说话！”
Immediately, an elf excitedly shouted, "It's the High Priest!" I felt that it was the High Priest who was talking to us! ”
大祭司不用说出她的名，她的精神力就告诉所有木精灵，她是大祭司。
The High Priest didn't have to say her name, and her spiritual power told all the Wood Elves that she was the High Priestess.
“大祭司下命令了，让我们消除魔螨！” "The High Priest has given an order, let's get rid of the demon mites!"
“大祭司说了，让我们破而后立，不惜代价！大家，还等什么？！”
"The high priest said, let us break and stand, at any cost! Everyone, what are you waiting for?! ”
所有木精灵都动了，不管老小，只要能动弹的，全都杀出了家门。
All the wood elves moved, young and old, as long as they could move, they all went out of the house.
魔螨是很多，可如果木精灵们下狠心，不惜毁掉自己的家园也要消灭它们。而虫母又不能再增加魔螨的数量，此消彼长下，这个秘境中的魔螨必将被全部消灭。
There are many demon mites, but if the wood elves are ruthless, they will destroy their own homes to destroy them. And the mother worm can no longer increase the number of demon mites, and when one or the other grows, the demon mites in this secret realm will be completely eliminated.
“不惜代价？这……？”有长老迟疑。 "At any cost? This......? "There was an elder who hesitated.
族长立刻道：“我刚才已经把最危险的情况跟你们说明，现在大祭司是在阻止那只虫母获得更多能量。如果你们不放心，可以先把一批幼崽和精英们送出去。”
The patriarch immediately said, "I have just explained to you the most dangerous situation, and now the high priest is preventing that worm mother from gaining more energy. If you're not at ease, you can send a bunch of cubs and elites out first. ”
长老们早就有这个打算，闻言，不到数秒就下了决定。 The elders had already had this plan, and when they heard this, they made a decision in less than a few seconds.
于是，整个秘境的精英级别木精灵都收到了一个秘密指令，他们将带着各自村镇的精灵幼崽使用传送阵到一个秘密集合点集中。而且只给了他们全部三个小时的时间，过时不候。
As a result, the elite-level wood elves of the entire secret realm received a secret order, and they would take the elven cubs from their respective villages and towns to use the teleportation array to gather at a secret assembly point. And they were only given all three hours of their time, and they were not waiting.
翡爵就是精英战士之一，他也收到了这个密令。 Fei Jue was one of the elite warriors, and he also received this secret order.
当即，他就去找了村长。 Immediately, he went to the village chief.
只有三个小时的抵达时间，村长也没多犹豫，更没有说是乞求翡爵再多带上一些精灵，他去了幼崽的托管所。
There was only three hours to arrive, and the village chief didn't hesitate, let alone begged Fei Jue to bring some more elves, he went to the cub's nursery.
因为虫灾一事，村子里把幼崽们都集中一处看管守护，这下倒也方便他们转移这些幼崽。
Because of the insect plague, the village has gathered the cubs in one place to guard and protect them, which is also convenient for them to transfer these cubs.
凡是未成年的幼崽，在村长和翡爵的要求下，大的抱小的，排成队，跟着翡爵乘坐魔法车前往金水镇。
All underage cubs, at the request of the village chief and Fei Jue, the big ones hugged the small ones, lined up, and followed Fei Jue to Jinshui Town in a magic car.
翡爵还点了四名精灵战士同行，负责守护这些金水村幼崽，其中就有阿哲。
Fei Jue also ordered four elven warriors to accompany them, who were responsible for guarding these Jinshui Village cubs, including Ah Zhe.
幼崽们满心疑惑，也有幼崽哭闹着要爸爸妈妈，对于这些幼崽，翡爵全都心狠地让他们睡着，没有多解释一句。
The cubs were full of doubts, and some of the cubs were crying for their parents, and for these cubs, Fei Jue all ruthlessly let them fall asleep, without explaining a word.
到了金水镇的传送阵边，阿哲等精灵看到了其他村送来的幼崽。
When they arrived at the teleportation array in Jinshui Town, Ah Zhe and the other elves saw the cubs sent from other villages.
这让他们知道，秘境发生大事了！ This let them know that something big has happened in the secret realm!
谁没有亲人？谁不想让亲人离开危险地去往安全的地方？
Who doesn't have loved ones? Who doesn't want to leave a loved one out of danger and go to safety?
但这些精灵战士看着这些幼崽，只能忍耐对亲人的思念和担忧，把这些幼崽通过传送阵护送到指定的秘密地点。
But these elven warriors looked at these cubs, and could only endure the thoughts and worries of their relatives, and escorted these cubs to the designated secret location through the teleportation array.
在那里，一名长老等着他们，他会用秘境钥匙打开秘境通道，把这些未成年幼崽和一批保护他们的精英战士全部送出去。
There, an elder waits for them, and he will use the secret realm key to open the secret realm passage and send out these underage cubs and a group of elite warriors who protect them.
裂隙战场，两株大树形成的巨大拱门亮起。 On the rift battlefield, a huge arch formed by two large trees lit up.
两位树人在此时都做好了抓某个小兔崽子的准备。 Both of the treemen were ready to catch a bunny at this point.
可是…… But......
为什么出来的是木精灵战士？还越来越多？ Why did it come out that it was the Wood Elf Warriors? More and more?
作为历练的话，这数量是不是太多了？这是要出去打仗吗？
Isn't that too much? Is this going out to war?
等到两位树人看到紧跟着精灵战士们出来的大群精灵幼崽后，彻底震惊了！
When the two treemen saw the large group of elven cubs that came out after the elven warriors, they were completely shocked!
“木精灵秘境发生了什么事？” "What happened to the Wood Elf Secret Realm?"
没有精灵战士可以回答两位树人的问题，就算知道什么，他们也不会说，所有战士都闭紧了嘴巴，只紧紧守护着他们一族的未来们。
No elven warrior could answer the questions of the two treants, and even if they knew, they wouldn't say anything, and all the warriors kept their mouths shut, only guarding the future of their clan.
直到那位长老出来。 Until the elder came out.
长老跟两位树人们说了什么，只有他们三个知道。 What the elder said to the two treants, only the three of them knew.
“木原，青琳，翡爵，梁桐。你们四个负责这支队伍，要怎么做，你们心里都清楚。木原为正队。”长老点了四名精英战士的名。
"Mu Yuan, Qing Lin, Fei Jue, Liang Tong. The four of you are in charge of this team, and you all know what to do. Kihara is the main team. The elder named the four elite warriors.
两男两女四名精灵战士走出来。 Two men and two women, four elven warriors, walked out.
木原，一名身材修长的女精灵战士神色平和地对长老行了个战士礼，接下重担。
Kihara, a slender female elf warrior calmly bowed to the elder and took the burden.
长老又暗中吩咐了他们一些事，这才再次返回秘境。 The elder secretly instructed them to do some more things, and then returned to the secret realm again.
远处，十来个身材高大的树人正往这边赶来，他们刚刚接到密令，将要护送他们的好伙伴木精灵去往族内某地安顿。
In the distance, a dozen or so tall treemen were approaching this direction, having just received a secret order to escort their good companion Wood Elves to settle somewhere in the clan.
再说木精灵秘境内。 Let's talk about the secret realm of the wood elves.
族长和长老们在安排木精灵一系后路的同时，也向整个秘境传达了族长和长老之令，派出了最精锐的精灵战士，不为其他，只为消灭虫灾，不惜任何代价和手段。
While arranging the back path of the Wood Elves, the Patriarch and the Elders also conveyed the orders of the Patriarch and the Elders to the entire Secret Realm, and sent the most elite Elven warriors, not for anything else, but only to eliminate the insect plague, at any cost and by any means.
普通精灵还会迟疑，还会舍不得那些植物，但这些战士绝不会。
Ordinary elves will hesitate and be reluctant to plant them, but these warriors will never.
绝大多数的木系精灵都掌握了如何吸收和转移植物能量的魔法，只不过等级不同，转移的量也不同。
The vast majority of wood elves have mastered the magic of how to absorb and transfer plant energy, but the amount of transfer varies depending on the level.
高等级木精灵专门负责对大片山林和草原出手，他们这时再也没有了对植物的怜惜之情，一个个就像灭世者一样，吸收草木精华，让草木迅速枯萎。
The high-level wood elves are responsible for attacking large areas of mountains and grasslands, and they no longer have pity for plants at this time, and they are like world destroyers, absorbing the essence of plants and trees, and causing plants and trees to wither quickly.
等草木枯萎后，一部分精灵战士会驱逐山林草原中的生物，这些生物大多数会变成精灵们之后一段时间的口粮，只有一部分会留下来做种。
After the grass and trees wither, some of the elven warriors will expel the creatures in the mountains, forests and grasslands, and most of these creatures will become the elves' rations for a period of time, and only some will stay for seeding.
这种做法显然在竭泽而渔。 This is clearly a desperate practice.
如有任何一丝可能，大祭司也不想这么做，可她现在是在和虫母抢能量、抢时间，她让木精灵毁掉所有植物，虫母就没有了进一步吸收能量充实自己的可能。
If there was any possibility, the High Priestess didn't want to do it, but she was now competing with the Mother Worm for energy and time, and she let the Wood Elf destroy all the plants, so that the Mother Worm would have no possibility to further absorb energy to enrich herself.
等到把虫母解决，就算这个秘境变成荒漠，但以木精灵的能力，只要这个秘境的本源能量还在，一切就还能恢复。
When the worm mother is solved, even if this secret realm becomes a desert, with the ability of the wood elves, as long as the origin energy of this secret realm is still there, everything can still be restored.
否则别说木精灵，这个秘境里的一切也都将不复存在。 Otherwise, not to mention the Wood Elves, everything in this secret realm would cease to exist.
虫母愤怒异常，它想抗争，想要抢夺控制权，可大祭司的精神力收回来得极快。
The worm mother was extremely angry, it wanted to fight, it wanted to snatch control, but the high priest's spiritual power was retracted very quickly.
双方在这一刻几乎形成平衡，但大祭司同时也在呼唤真正的生命之树的意识，希望生命之树能和她联手一起抵抗虫母意识。
The two sides were almost in balance at this moment, but the High Priest was also calling on the consciousness of the true Tree of Life, hoping that the Tree of Life would join forces with her to resist the consciousness of the Mother Worm.
但虫母阻挡了她。 But the mother worm stopped her.
雷木能感知到真生命之树的意识，说白了，全是因为血脉之力。
Lei Mu can sense the consciousness of the True Tree of Life, and to put it bluntly, it is all because of the power of the bloodline.
那是父母和自己孩子才拥有的独特端口，只对彼此开启。
That's a unique port that only parents and their children have, and it's only open to each other.
而生命之树的意识现在只能躲着虫母走，根本不可能突破它的封锁去联系大祭司。
And the consciousness of the Tree of Life can only hide from the worm mother now, and it is impossible to break through its blockade to contact the high priest.
简单说，一精灵、一寄生虫和一棵树，三者之间形成了一种微妙的平衡关系。
To put it simply, a spirit, a parasite and a tree form a delicate balance between the three.
大祭司的力量现在等同于虫母融合了生命之树以后的力量。
The power of the High Priest is now equal to the power of the Mother Worm after merging with the Tree of Life.
而大祭司的精神力也和虫母等同。 And the spiritual power of the high priest is also equivalent to that of the worm mother.
可能让大祭司和虫母之间形成微妙平衡的，又是生命之树的意识。
What may create a delicate balance between the High Priest and the Mother Worm is the consciousness of the Tree of Life.
可以说生命之树意识一直在给虫母拖后腿，也在暗中保护大祭司。
It can be said that the consciousness of the Tree of Life has been holding back the worm mother, and it is also secretly protecting the high priest.
为了打破这份平衡，虫母一直在努力。 In order to upset this balance, the worm mother has been working hard.
它为了加快这个进度，还偷偷放出那么多魔螨。 In order to speed up this progress, it also secretly released so many magic mites.
原本虫母的计划非常好，它暗中吸收秘境中植物的能量，这会让大祭司和其他木精灵无法察觉是它做的鬼，只以为是普通虫灾。
Originally, the plan of the worm mother was very good, it secretly absorbed the energy of the plants in the secret realm, which would make the high priest and other wood elves unable to detect that it was a ghost, and only thought that it was an ordinary insect plague.
等到他们有所察觉，一切也都迟了。 By the time they noticed, it was too late.
得到能量补充和增强的虫母就可以彻底吸收生命之树的能量并消灭生命之树的意识。
The Mother Worm that receives energy replenishment and enhancement can completely absorb the energy of the Tree of Life and destroy the consciousness of the Tree of Life.
等到虫母的能量和精神力都大过大祭司，而大祭司因为秘境中的虫灾和木精灵们的惨况，导致精神力衰弱。
Wait until the insect mother's energy and spiritual power are greater than the high priest, and the high priest has weakened his mental power because of the insect plague in the secret realm and the miserable situation of the wood elves.
如此此消彼长，那不用说，大祭司肯定会被虫母彻底吞噬，从身体到灵魂。
Needless to say, the High Priest will definitely be completely devoured by the worm mother, from body to soul.
原本这个侵蚀过程会很长，毕竟虫母想要吞噬和消化两个半神也不是那么容易的事。
Originally, this erosion process would be very long, after all, it was not so easy for the worm mother to devour and digest the two demigods.
可令虫母万万没有想到的是，就在它的计划进展顺利之时，两只纯血精灵幼崽从天而降，其中一只木精灵竟然还携带着生命之树的气息。
But what the mother worm never expected was that just as her plan was going well, two pure-blood elf cubs fell from the sky, and one of the wood elves actually carried the breath of the tree of life.
别的谁也许还感知不出来，只当那叫雷木的幼崽只是木精灵，可虫母和生命之树都融合了，怎么可能感觉不出来这个幼崽和生命之树之间的真正关系？
Who else may not be able to perceive it, but when the cub named Lei Mu is just a wood elf, but the worm mother and the tree of life are fused, how can they not feel the true relationship between this cub and the tree of life?
这竟然是一个融合了生命之树种子的活生生木精灵幼崽。
It turned out to be a living wood elf cub fused with the seeds of the Tree of Life.
这简直就是生命的奇迹！ It's a miracle of life!
而且幼崽头上的两只小角也很古怪，似乎还携带了其他能量，不过这份能量被隐藏起来，它暂时感知不出。
And the two small horns on the cub's head are also very strange, and they seem to carry other energy, but this energy is hidden, and it can't perceive it for the time being.
可不管这个幼崽隐藏了什么能量，只它目前感知到的，就让它深刻明白，这个近乎奇迹的幼崽比生命之树加木精灵大祭司都更美味！更让它垂涎！
But no matter what energy this cub is hiding, just what it is currently perceiving makes it deeply understand that this near-miraculous cub is more delicious than the Tree of Life and the High Priest of the Wood Elves! Make it salivating even more!
虫母想要这个叫雷木的幼崽，疯狂想要。 The mother wants this cub named Thunderwood, and wants it madly.
可是该死的大祭司竟然阻扰它！ But the damned High Priest was in the way!
而且因为那个小崽提到外面精灵族被寄生虫困扰的事，大祭司进而联想到自己和生命之树是不是也被寄生了。
And because the cub mentioned that the elves outside were plagued by parasites, the high priest then wondered if he and the tree of life were also parasitized.
虫母没办法再按照计划慢慢来了，大祭司一直以为她救下了生命之树，压根就没想到生命之树被寄生虫寄生，所以她才能甘心让自己被生命之树吞噬，甘心把自己的能量用来延续生命之树的生命力。
The mother worm couldn't take her time according to the plan, the high priest always thought that she had saved the tree of life, but she didn't expect the tree of life to be parasitized by parasites, so she was willing to let herself be swallowed by the tree of life, and was willing to use her energy to continue the vitality of the tree of life.
现在大祭司把她所有能量都收了回去，还试图切断和生命之树之间的能量供应。
Now the High Priestess has taken all her energy back, and is also trying to cut off the energy supply to the Tree of Life.
更可怕的是，这个疯狂的女精灵竟然还想找到它、杀死它，如果找不到它，就打算杀死生命之树！
What's even more terrifying is that this crazy female elf still wants to find it, kill it, and if she can't find it, she plans to kill the tree of life!
就因为那个大祭司看到了雷木，她觉得精灵族延续有了希望，她不再被“唯一”的生命之树这一点掐制。
Just because the High Priestess saw Thunderwood, she felt that there was hope for the continuation of the elves, and she was no longer pinched by the "one" tree of life.
这能忍？ Can this be endured?
虫母只能放手一搏。 The mother worm can only give it a go.
如果没有后来出现的那个人类小崽，就算大祭司现在和它势均力敌，但大祭司还不知道外面那些魔螨和它有关，它只要加快吸收秘境植物能量——这对融合了生命之树的它来说是最容易吸收消化的，只要它吸收到的能量超过大祭司，它就能强行加快融合大祭司的速度。
If it weren't for the human cub that appeared later, even if the High Priest was now evenly matched with it, the High Priest didn't know that the demon mites outside had anything to do with it, and it only needed to speed up the absorption of the energy of the secret realm plants - this was the easiest for it to absorb and digest when it fused the Tree of Life, as long as it absorbed more energy than the High Priest, it could forcibly speed up the fusion of the High Priest.
就算不能彻底融合大祭司，它也可以选择一边和大祭司战斗，一边产下新型寄生虫族，让它们去寄生木精灵们。
Even if it can't completely fuse the High Priest, it can choose to fight the High Priest while giving birth to a new type of parasitic Zerg to parasitize the Wood Elves.
虽然这和它原本的计划不太附和，它更想要融合两个半神的能量和生命体，进化成更完美的生命，从而诞育更优秀的寄生虫族。
Although this is not very in line with its original plan, it prefers to fuse the energy and lifeforms of the two demigods to evolve into more perfect beings, so as to give birth to better parasites.
可如果这个大祭司不顾后果地疯起来自爆，那它谋划至今的一切就都完了！
But if this high priest goes crazy and blows himself up recklessly, then everything he has planned so far will be over!
它宁可选择不完美。 It would rather choose imperfection.
再说，不完美也没什么，它已经发现了更优秀的生命体。
Besides, it's nothing if it's imperfect, it's found better lifeforms.
只要捕获那个叫雷木的幼崽，它可以再寄生他融合他，它深信只要得到那个奇迹崽儿，它还是会进化成更完美的生命体。
As long as it captures the cub named Thunderwood, it can parasitize him and fuse him, and it is convinced that as long as it gets that miracle cub, it will still evolve into a more perfect life form.
可就在它假装被大祭司的力量压制住，其实暗中去准备生育真正的寄生虫时，一个人类幼崽又冒了出来。
But just as it pretended to be suppressed by the power of the High Priest, and was actually secretly preparing to give birth to a real parasite, a human cub popped up again.
刚开始看到这个人类小崽时，虫母还很高兴。 When she first saw this little human cub, the mother worm was very happy.
为什么？ Why?
因为它从这个幼崽身上感知到了一点点寄生虫族的气息。
Because it sensed a little bit of parasitic breath from this cub.
自己虫！ Own worm!
很好。要么合作，要么就吞噬掉对方，对它都没有坏处。
Very good. It doesn't hurt to either cooperate or devour each other.
而且这只自己虫还貌似把那只让它垂涎万分的奇迹崽儿弄到了手，外加另外一只纯血精灵幼崽。
And this self-worm also seems to have got its hands on the miracle cub that made it salivate, plus another pure-blood elf cub.
虫母还打算和那个带着自己虫气息的人类幼崽商量，看能不能把那个雷木小幼崽让给它。
The mother worm also planned to discuss with the human cub with her own insect breath to see if she could give the little thunderwood cub to it.
当然如果商量不成功，那就直接武力碾压，它已经感知出来，那个人类小崽绝不会是它的对手。
Of course, if the negotiation is unsuccessful, then it will be crushed directly by force, and it has already sensed that that human cub will never be its opponent.
可再一个万万没有想到出现了！ But another one never expected to appear!
这个该死的有着自己虫气息的小崽子竟然是个叛徒！ This damn little cub with his own worm smell turned out to be a traitor!
他不但不是自己虫，还是它们寄生虫族的仇家！ Not only is he not his own worm, but he is also the enemy of their parasitic zerg!
最可怕的是这个人类小崽子竟然宣称他能除掉寄生体中的寄生虫？！
The most terrifying thing is that this little human cub actually claims that he can get rid of parasites in the parasite?!
这怎么可能？ How is this possible?
如果它们智慧寄生虫族在进入寄生体后，那么好被除掉，它们这一族也早就消失，不会和这个世界的生物缠缠绵绵到今天。
If their intelligent parasites had been eliminated after entering the parasite, they would have disappeared long ago, and would not have lingered with the creatures of this world to this day.
更可恶的是，这个人类幼崽还跟大祭司说得明明白白，连它是虫母都知道。
What's even worse is that this human cub still made it clear to the high priest, even that it was a worm mother.
大祭司一听她自己没有被寄生，被寄生的是生命之树，哪可能不尽全力干掉它？
When the high priest heard that she herself was not parasitized, but that it was the tree of life that was parasitized, how could she not kill it with all her might?
更糟糕的是，大祭司已经在尝试和生命之树也就是和它分离，为此不惜自伤一千也要伤敌三百。
To make matters worse, the High Priest was already trying to separate himself from the Tree of Life, that is, from it, at the cost of injuring himself a thousand and wounding three hundred.
虫母只能放弃生育计划，集中力量对付大祭司，它不能让大祭司搞自爆，就算不是完全要命的自爆，但等大祭司爆完，彼此半条命肯定会被爆掉。
The worm mother can only give up the birth plan and concentrate on dealing with the high priest, it can't let the high priest blow himself up, even if it is not a completely fatal self-explosion, but when the high priest explodes, half of each other's lives will definitely be exploded.
可是！又一个令它没有想到的事情出现了。 But! Something else happened that it didn't expect.
今天真的有太多让它讨厌的意外事件发生。 There are really too many surprises going on today that make it nasty.
那个它以为已经被它消灭的生命之树的意识，竟然还存在！而且意识完整！
The consciousness of the tree of life that it thought had been destroyed by it still exists! And the consciousness is complete!
现在虫母终于明白了，为什么它每次想要加快融合大祭司的速度，心里就会产生“欲速不达”的想法，每次它想要对这个秘境的能量下手，脑中也总是会冒出“有可能被察觉，还是慢慢来”的想法。
Now the worm mother finally understands why every time it wants to speed up the speed of merging with the high priest, it will have the idea of "not being able to do it quickly", and every time it wants to attack the energy of this secret realm, the thought of "it is possible to be detected, or take it slowly" will always pop up in its mind.
这些根本就不是它的念头，是生命之树，是它在暗中捣鬼！
These are not its thoughts at all, it is the tree of life, it is it that is playing tricks in the dark!
它以为它的精神力影响了大祭司。 It thought that its spiritual power had influenced the high priest.
结果呢？生命之树的精神力竟然也暗中影响了它！ The result? The spiritual power of the Tree of Life even secretly affected it!
虫母就像是被个渣子骗了上千年才发现自己不是其真爱的小姑娘，气疯了。
The worm mother is like a little girl who has been deceived by a scum for thousands of years before she realizes that she is not her true love, and she is mad.
在木精灵的长老们赶到之前，王叶一直在观察大祭司木守。
Before the elders of the wood elves arrived, Wang Ye had been observing the high priest Mu Shou.
大祭司让族长去找长老后，就没有再开口。 After the high priest told the patriarch to go to the elders, he did not speak again.
王叶看不出她在做什么，但他能感觉到有庞大的精神力延伸出去，又紧急收了回来。
Wang Ye couldn't see what she was doing, but he could feel a huge amount of spiritual power extending out, and he urgently took it back.
“他们对峙起来了。”雷木忽然道。 "They're in a standoff." Lei Mu said suddenly.
“哦？只是对峙，没有打起来？”王叶兴致勃勃，一副看好戏的模样。
"Oh? Just a confrontation, no fight? Wang Ye was full of interest and looked like he was watching a good show.
雷木拍拍他的脑袋，让他收敛一点，别露出这么幸灾乐祸的嘴脸。
Remu patted him on the head, telling him to restrain himself a little and not show such a gloating face.
王叶想说他不是幸灾乐祸，他就是……这不是没看过半神级大佬吗，他上辈子到死都没见过一位。
Wang Ye wanted to say that he was not gloating, he was ...... Isn't this that he hasn't seen a demigod-level boss, he has never seen one in his previous life until he died.
更别说看两个半神级大佬打架了。 Not to mention watching two demigod-level bigwigs fight.
好吧，他就是事不关己心不乱，他甚至还想着，如果这两位半神打得两败俱伤，最好精神核都打残了，他说不定都不用那么麻烦，直接就能锁定那只虫母的意识，干掉它！
Well, he just doesn't care about his own mind, and he even thinks that if these two demigods lose both, and the best spiritual core is disabled, maybe he doesn't have to be so troublesome, he can directly lock the consciousness of the worm mother and kill it!
“你那个树妈妈有没有再跟你说话？”王叶好奇地问。 "Did your tree mother talk to you again?" Wang Ye asked curiously.
雷木又忍不住拍他：“别给人乱起外号。” Lei Mu couldn't help but pat him again: "Don't give people nicknames." ”
王叶嘿嘿笑。 Wang Ye smiled.
虫巢里兰道心情特别怪异。他儿子的血脉是真的杂，现在竟然又冒出一个生命之树来认亲？
Rando in the hive is in a particularly weird mood. His son's bloodline is really mixed, and now there is a tree of life to recognize his relatives?
雷木还是跟王叶说了，不过说得很小声：“祂在帮助大祭司，生命之树的躯体虽然富含能量，让那只虫母获益良多，可同时也变成了一个囚笼，囚住了虫母，让它无法脱离。”
Lei Mu still told Wang Ye, but said very quietly: "He is helping the high priest, although the body of the Tree of Life is rich in energy, which has benefited the insect mother a lot, but at the same time, it has also become a prison cage, imprisoning the insect mother so that it cannot escape." ”
王叶眯了眯眼睛，一瞬间，他脑中想了很多。 Wang Ye narrowed his eyes, and for a moment, he thought a lot in his mind.
就在大祭司和虫母互相对峙之际，族长和长老团赶到了。
Just as the High Priest and the Mother of Worms confronted each other, the Patriarch and the Elder Group arrived.
大祭司及时喊道：“停下，不要再靠近！所有人都站在圣庭边沿。”
The high priest shouted in time: "Stop, don't come any closer!" All stood on the edge of the Holy Court. ”
大祭司担心这只虫母会在围攻之下选择脱离生命之树逃跑，到时不管它钻入哪一个生命体内，都是一件麻烦事。
The High Priest feared that the Mother Worm would choose to escape from the Tree of Life under siege, and that it would be a nuisance to any of the beings it burrowed into.
如果能把其锁在生命之树体内，围殴它、再消灭它，那最好。
It would be best if you could lock it inside the Tree of Life, surround it, and destroy it.
“小叶子，你过来。”大祭司对王叶招呼。 "Little Yezi, come here." The high priest greeted Wang Ye.
雷木拍着小翅膀飞起来，要和王叶一起过去。 Lei Mu flapped his little wings and flew up, wanting to go over with Wang Ye.
雷木还想把金宝丢下。 Remu also wanted to leave Jinbao behind.
金宝却紧紧扒着雷木小胳膊不放。 Jinbao held on to Lei Mu's little arm tightly.
王叶对雷木使眼色：“你们在这儿待着，别给我添乱。”
Wang Ye glanced at Lei Mu: "You stay here, don't make trouble for me." ”
雷木看懂，也知道接下来他要怎么帮助小叶子了。 Lei Mu understood, and he also knew how he was going to help Xiao Ye next.
第264章 开后门 Chapter 264: Open the Back Door
王叶走得不快不慢，他心中有个小小的疑惑：为什么大祭司让他过去，却让其他人不要靠近？
Wang Ye walked neither fast nor slowly, and he had a small doubt in his heart: why did the high priest let him go over, but asked the others not to approach?
她能保住他？ Will she be able to keep him?
但他想要除虫，必须要直接接触到生命之树。 But if he wants to get rid of the insects, he must have direct contact with the Tree of Life.
到时虫母会不反抗？ Will the mother worm resist then?
大祭司和虫母的力量应该是在伯仲之间，大祭司如果无法真正压制虫母，又怎么能保障他的安全？
The power of the High Priest and the Mother of Worms should be between the two of them, and if the High Priest can't really suppress the Mother of Worms, how can he ensure his safety?
所以她为什么就这么让他过去？ So why did she just let him go?
王叶想着这些问题，自然不可能走快。 Wang Ye thought about these questions, and naturally it was impossible to go fast.
一步，两步，三步…… One step, two steps, three steps......
眼看王叶越来越靠近，虫母注意力被王叶吸引，正要攻击王叶。
Seeing that Wang Ye was getting closer and closer, the insect mother was attracted by Wang Ye and was about to attack Wang Ye.
大祭司的手轻轻扬了扬，就像是在催促王叶快一点。 The high priest's hand was raised slightly, as if urging Wang Ye to hurry up.
可就在这一瞬间，退到圣庭边沿的族长翡睿和五名长老们一起动手了。
But at this moment, the patriarch Fei Rui, who had retreated to the edge of the Holy Court, and the five elders did it together.
他们口念魔法咒语，手挥魔武。 They chanted magic spells in their mouths and wielded magic in their hands.
王叶还没意识到发生了什么事情，就感觉到身体一轻，被什么卷住，然后被抛了出去。
Before Wang Ye realized what was happening, he felt his body light, caught by something, and then thrown out.
千钧一发之际，他的手一扬，向生命之树的方向砸出一个药瓶。
At the last moment, he raised his hand and smashed a medicine bottle in the direction of the Tree of Life.
王叶心想这才对嘛，大祭司不把虫母揍趴下，他一个小小的六级要如何把自己的精神力和能量输入到一个半神体内？
Wang Ye thought to himself, this is right, if the high priest doesn't beat the worm mother down, how can he, a small sixth level, input his spiritual power and energy into a demigod's body?
王叶虽然感觉到卷住他的力量没有恶意，但他还有事情要做，不可能就这么离开，当即就进入虫巢，瞬间化作微尘消失。
Although Wang Ye felt that the power that was engulfing him was not malicious, he still had something to do, and it was impossible to leave just like that, so he immediately entered the insect hive and disappeared into dust in an instant.
卷住王叶的藤蔓卷了一个寂寞，但木精灵们已经顾不上这个突然消失的小鬼。
The vines that wrapped Wang Ye rolled up in a lonely place, but the wood elves couldn't care about this little ghost who suddenly disappeared.
雷木也被卷起，但他没有抗拒这股力量，顺着那股力量，被抛到了圣庭外面。
Remu was also swept up, but he did not resist this force, and was thrown out of the Holy Court with that force.
就在雷木离开圣庭的一刹那，他听到了一声不像人类的怒吼。
The moment Reimi left the Holy Court, he heard a roar that didn't look like a human.
雷木和金宝一起看向周围。 Remu and Jinbao looked around together.
这个圣地中留守的精灵战士全都消失，一个都没有出现。
All the elven warriors left behind in this holy place disappeared, and none of them appeared.
雷木带着金宝飞了起来，试图看清圣庭内发生了什么事。
Remu flew up with Jinbao, trying to see what was going on inside the Holy Court.
整个圣庭都被无数宛如藤蔓的墨绿色光纹包裹起来，就像一个球。
The entire sanctuary was wrapped in countless dark green light patterns like vines, like a ball.
雷木听到兰道在空间中说道：“这是木精灵的封禁之术。那位大祭司在让那个族长去叫长老时，显然已经决定好要做什么，这些木精灵之间必然有某种特殊约定。”
Lei Mu heard Landau say in the space, "This is the forbidden technique of the wood elves. The High Priest had apparently already decided what he was going to do when he asked the patriarch to call the Elders, and there must have been some kind of special pact between the Wood Elves. ”
闻笛则道：“那位大祭司让小叶子过去，应该是利用小叶子吸引虫母的注意力，小叶子走的那几步路时间，大祭司肯定暗中做了什么，否则那个虫母不会发出那样愤怒的声音。”
Wen Di said: "The high priest asked Xiao Ye to pass, it should be to use Xiao Ye to attract the attention of the insect mother, and the high priest must have done something secretly during the few steps that Xiao Ye walked, otherwise the insect mother would not have made such an angry sound." ”
兰道很理解木精灵的做法，也很称赞：“两位半神的战斗得造成多大破坏？如果不用封禁之术，这个圣地乃至这个秘境恐怕都要毁掉大半。”
Landau understood the Wood Elf's approach very well, and praised it: "How much damage did the battle between the two demigods cause?" If you don't use the Forbidden Technique, I'm afraid that most of this holy land and even this secret realm will be destroyed. ”
闻笛：“那位大祭司应该也是在防止那虫母偷跑，甚至自爆。还有这一圈围墙必然有什么古怪，也许和那位大祭司的力量有直接关系。”
Wen Di: "That high priest should also be preventing the worm mother from sneaking away and even blowing herself up." There must be something strange about this ring of walls, perhaps directly related to the power of the high priest. ”
雷木知道这两位也是在说给他听，忍不住道：“小叶子他……”
Lei Mu knew that these two were also talking to him, and couldn't help but say, "Xiao Yezi, he ......"
“不用担心他。那小混蛋怕死得很，如果他没有一定把握，不会留在那个危险空间中。而且他让你出来，也就相当于留了逃跑的后手。”闻笛笑。
"Don't worry about him. That little bastard was afraid of death, and if he wasn't sure, he wouldn't stay in that dangerous space. And if he lets you out, it's equivalent to leaving a back hand to escape. Wen Di laughed.
雷木默然。小叶子在给他使眼色时，他就知道小叶子想做什么，而不管小叶子能不能把那滴血送到生命之树身上，他都担任着策应的角色。
Remu was silent. When Xiao Ye gave him a look, he knew what Xiao Ye wanted to do, and whether Xiao Ye could send that drop of blood to the Tree of Life or not, he played the role of a planner.
最起码，如果小叶子连同虫巢被虫母困住，还能直接传送到他的精灵空间中。
At the very least, if Xiao Ye and the hive are trapped by the worm mother, they can be directly teleported to his elf space.
所以他们两人不能一起靠近虫母。 So the two of them can't get close to the worm mother together.
而闻笛师父和兰道还在他的精灵空间中，他们一个在制作卷轴，一个在制作魔法阵阵盘。这两个人都是王叶的后手。
And Master Wendi and Landau were still in his elven space, one of them was making scrolls, and the other was making magic array plates. These two people are Wang Ye's followers.
“金宝，你帮我警戒周围，有什么奇怪的东西接近，叫我。”雷木说着就闭上了眼睛。
"Jinbao, you help me guard the surroundings, if something strange is approaching, call me." Raimu closed his eyes as he spoke.
他也有他的事要做。 He also has his business to do.
金宝叽叽叫，感觉自己承担了重任，特别精神地昂起头，警惕周围。
Jinbao chirped, feeling that he had taken on a heavy responsibility, and he held his head up especially mentally and was alert to his surroundings.
圣庭内。 Inside the Holy Tribunal.
王叶亲眼看到了半神级的战斗。 Wang Ye saw the demigod-level battle with his own eyes.
不，说错，他根本什么都没看到。 No, wrong, he didn't see anything at all.
周围全都是能量洪流，他只是操纵虫巢躲避这些无处不在的攻击，就费尽心神。
There was a torrent of energy all around him, and he just manipulated the hives to dodge these ubiquitous attacks, and he struggled to do so.
王叶后悔了，他就应该跟着那股力道离开圣庭范围，逞什么能嘛。
Wang Ye regretted it, he should follow that force to leave the range of the Holy Court, what can he do.
但就算这样，他还不忘往外撒特效石棉粉。 But even so, he didn't forget to sprinkle special asbestos powder outside.
石棉粉只对低级寄生虫有效？ Asbestos powder is only effective against low-level parasites?
他这可是特效石棉粉！ He's a special asbestos powder!
虫老自从知道寄生虫族讨厌石棉粉，他就一直在研究石棉粉的特性，想要知道寄生虫族为什么会讨厌石棉粉。
Ever since he knew that parasites hate asbestos powder, he has been studying the characteristics of asbestos powder, wanting to know why parasites hate asbestos powder.
根据虫老玩虫子的经验，加上他对远古魔虫的了解，配出来的药剂不说能伤害虫母，但必然会对它造成一定影响。
According to the experience of the worm old man playing with insects, coupled with his understanding of the ancient demon insects, the potion prepared can not say that it can harm the insect mother, but it will inevitably have a certain impact on it.
哪怕只是让虫母的攻击稍微迟钝个零点几秒那也是好的嘛！
Even if it's just a little bit of a second to dull the mother's attack, that's good!
随着王叶操纵虫巢在整个圣庭中颠簸来颠簸去，整个圣庭内也布满了特效石棉粉。
As Wang Ye manipulated the insect nest to bump around in the entire Holy Court, the entire Holy Court was also covered with special effect asbestos powder.
这些石棉粉混合在尘土中，无辜又清纯。被两位半神的力量卷着飞起又落下，部分深入生命之树的根部，更多的则四散在圣庭中。
These asbestos powders are mixed in the dust, innocent and pure. Swept up and down by the power of the two demigods, some of them penetrated deep into the roots of the Tree of Life, and many more scattered throughout the Holy Court.
虫老看着满头大汗，眼睛半闭的王叶，低声问他：“我能做什么，我可以为虫巢输入能量。”
The insect elder looked at Wang Ye, who was sweating profusely and his eyes were half-closed, and asked him in a low voice, "What can I do, I can input energy into the insect hive." ”
王叶大喜，匆忙道：“快！把你的能量输入我体内就可以。”
Wang Ye was overjoyed and hurriedly said, "Quick! Just put your energy into me. ”
虫老立刻把手掌按在他的肩膀上，一股温和的能量立即涌入王叶身体。
The insect elder immediately pressed his palm on his shoulder, and a gentle energy immediately poured into Wang Ye's body.
有了虫老的能量支援，王叶一下好受很多，也让他有点余力来考虑接下来要怎么做。
With the energy support of the insect elder, Wang Ye felt a lot better, and it also gave him a little spare energy to think about what to do next.
眼看再这样下去，他除了传递出去找雷木，似乎也做不了其他事，王叶一狠心，用尽全部力量向下方突破。
Seeing that if it continued like this, he didn't seem to be able to do anything else except pass it out to find Lei Mu, Wang Ye was ruthless and used all his strength to break through below.
王叶操纵虫巢钻入了土壤中。 Wang Ye manipulated the insect nest into the soil.
他不知道自己钻了多深。 He didn't know how deep he had got.
他忽然听到了雷木的声音。 Suddenly, he heard Raim's voice.
王叶精神一振，雷木给他联系，那就表示那个砸出的瓶子有效果了？
Wang Ye was in good spirits, and Lei Mu contacted him, which means that the smashed bottle has an effect?
他刚才扔出的药瓶，瓶身是靳蜘蛛出品，具有破防、隐形、无法探查和自动炸裂等特点。
The medicine bottle he threw out just now, the bottle body is produced by Jin Spider, and it has the characteristics of breaking defense, stealth, undetectable and automatic explosion.
重点是药瓶中的内容物，不是特效石棉粉，而是雷木的一滴血液。
The point is the contents of the medicine bottle, not the special effect asbestos powder, but a drop of Lei Mu's blood.
这是雷木的一次尝试，他似乎很确定这样做可以和生命之树加强联系。
This was an attempt by Thunderwood, who seemed pretty sure that he would strengthen his bond with the Tree of Life.
王叶拗不过他，只好同意。 Wang Ye couldn't resist him, so he had to agree.
不过现在看来，效果确实不错，至少雷木和生命之树之间有了交流，而不是单方面的联系。
But now, it seems that the effect is really good, at least there is an exchange between Thunderwood and the Tree of Life, not a one-sided connection.
果然，雷木用精神力传音给他：“我和生命之树联系上了，现在你按照我的指引去找祂，祂会打开一个后门，让你进入祂体内。一切小心！”
王叶：“交给我！” Wang Ye: "Leave it to me!" ”
雷木的精神力与他重叠，王叶感觉到了冥冥的方向，立刻操纵虫巢往那个方向行去。
Lei Mu's spiritual power overlapped with him, and Wang Ye sensed the direction of the underworld, and immediately manipulated the insect nest to go in that direction.
大约行进十来米后，王叶就看到了一条树根。 After walking about ten meters, Wang Ye saw a tree root.
如果没有生命之树给他开后门，王叶的原计划是放出靳蜘蛛，他再操纵虫巢躲入靳蜘蛛体内。
If there was no Tree of Life to open the back door for him, Wang Ye's original plan was to release the Jin Spider, and then he manipulated the insect nest to hide in the Jin Spider's body.
靳蜘蛛这具身体好歹也是圣级。 Jin Spider's body is also a saint-level.
只要靳蜘蛛能直接接触到生命之树，他就有办法扰乱那只虫母。
As long as the Jin Spider could directly contact the Tree of Life, he would have a way to disturb the Mother Worm.
他可以只等着大祭司和木精灵们对付虫母，他也很想偷懒，但很可惜，他不是很相信木精灵们能对付得了变异的生命之树。
He could just wait for the High Priest and the Wood Elves to deal with the Mother Worm, and he wanted to be lazy, but unfortunately, he didn't believe that the Wood Elves could deal with the mutated Tree of Life.
虫母就算干不过大祭司加木精灵族长和长老的联手，但大祭司想要杀死虫母也基本不可能。
Even if the Worm Mother can't do the combination of the High Priest and the Wood Elf Patriarch and the Elder, it is basically impossible for the High Priest to kill the Worm Mother.
除非大祭司抱着生命之树一起自爆。 Unless the High Priest blows himself up with the Tree of Life.
可王叶的任务之一就是拯救大祭司，不管是大祭司自爆，还是虫母自爆，都不是他想要的结果。
But one of Wang Ye's tasks is to save the high priest, whether it is the high priest who explodes himself or the worm mother who explodes, it is not the result he wants.
所以王叶只能亲自出马，他别的不能做，捣乱总可以。 So Wang Ye can only go out in person, he can't do anything else, he can always make trouble.
而直接接触生命之树是最困难的一步。 Direct contact with the Tree of Life was the most difficult step.
幸好，雷木那滴血没白费，他让生命之树主动来给王叶帮忙了。
Fortunately, Lei Mu's blood was not in vain, and he asked the Tree of Life to take the initiative to help Wang Ye.
生命之树的意识无法对抗虫母，甚至不敢让对方发现祂躲在什么地方，也没办法操纵自己的身体，但如果祂集中精神力只操纵一根旁支末梢的树根，还是能做到的。
The consciousness of the Tree of Life could not fight against the Mother Worm, and he did not even dare to let the other party find out where he was hiding, and he could not manipulate his own body, but if he concentrated his mental power and only manipulated the root of a tree at the end of a side branch, he could still do it.
如果这是平时，生命之树的动静九成会被虫母发现。 If this were a normal time, the movement of the Tree of Life would be discovered by the Mother Worm.
可现在虫母正在和大祭司以及木精灵们战斗，根本无暇他顾，这就是生命之树和王叶他们的最好自救机会！
But now that the Mother of Worms is fighting with the High Priest and the Wood Elves, she has no time to worry about anything else, this is the best chance for the Tree of Life and Wang Ye to save themselves!
王叶碰到了那根树根，没有任何攻击，也没有任何反抗。
Wang Ye touched the root of the tree, and there was no attack, and there was no resistance.
王叶试着在树根上钻了一个孔，一头钻了进去。 Wang Ye tried to drill a hole in the root of the tree and drilled into it.
王叶没有从虫巢出去，因为没必要，虫巢就是他身体的一部分，虫巢直接接触树根，就跟他直接接触一样。
Wang Ye didn't go out of the hive, because there was no need, the hive was a part of his body, and the hive was in direct contact with the roots, just like his direct contact.
王叶拿出二胡，开始施展因果技能。 Wang Ye took out the erhu and began to use the causal skill.
外面，大祭司正在想办法脱离生命之树。 Outside, the High Priest was trying to find a way out of the Tree of Life.
族长和长老团们不但封禁了圣庭空间，还用秘法牵扯住生命之树的部分力量。
The patriarchs and elders not only sealed the Holy Court space, but also used secret methods to involve part of the power of the Tree of Life.
可变异的生命之树也不是好惹的，它在试图挣脱束缚，同时也拉着大祭司不让她逃脱。
The mutable Tree of Life isn't easy to mess with, trying to break free while pulling the High Priest to prevent her from escaping.
大祭司攻击树身。 The High Priest attacks the tree.
虫母就反过来疯狂吸收她的能量。 The mother worm in turn frantically absorbs her energy.
大祭司想要断绝她和树身之间的联系，但她没办法断得撤离。
The High Priestess tried to sever her connection with the tree, but she couldn't do so.
大祭司干脆反过来也吸收树身的能量，她可以奉献，同样也可以掠取。
The High Priest simply absorbs the energy of the tree in turn, and she can give it or plunder it.
双方一边互相夺取能量，一边又互相禁止对方的能量进入自己身体。
On the one hand, both sides steal each other's energy, and on the other hand, they prohibit each other's energy from entering their bodies.
双方一边伤害对方，一边保护自己。 Both sides hurt each other while protecting themselves.
如果没有封禁空间，这会儿恐怕半个秘境都要被他们的力量给拆了。
If there is no forbidden space, I am afraid that half of the secret realm will be demolished by their power at this time.
但就算如此，整个圣庭的地面都裂开了一个大洞，尤其是生命之树周围，愣是出现了一圈深深的坑陷。
But even so, a large hole cracked in the ground of the entire Holy Court, especially around the Tree of Life, and a circle of deep craters appeared.
这就让圣庭中出现了一幕奇景，生命之树单独所在的地方成了一个孤岛。
This led to a spectacle in the Holy Court, where the Tree of Life alone became an island.
族长翡睿和长老们紧紧贴在圣庭围墙上。 Patriarch Firui and the elders clung to the walls of the Holy Court.
这围墙能借给他们能量，也是造成那圈坑陷的大半原因。
This wall lent them energy, and it was responsible for most of the pitfalls.
大祭司想要断绝秘境给生命之树供应能量，但生命之树根系发达，紧紧抓着自己脚下的泥土不放。
The High Priest wanted to cut off the secret realm to supply the Tree of Life with energy, but the Tree of Life had a well-developed root system and clung to the dirt beneath his feet.
虫母怒火满心，它为什么一心想要融合大祭司？ The Mother Worm was furious, why did it want to fuse the High Priest?
就是因为这个该死的女精灵控制了整个秘境，她拥有秘境本源钥匙！
It's because this damn female elf controls the entire secret realm, and she has the secret realm origin key!
或者说这个女精灵本身就是这个秘境的本源。 Or rather, this female elf itself is the origin of this secret realm.
如果不是她和生命之树融合的时间太长，让它在暗中慢慢布置根系，让根系深植，这会儿它说不定就真的被大祭司断了能量供应。
If it hadn't been fused with the Tree of Life for too long, allowing it to slowly lay out its roots in the dark and let the roots be deeply planted, it might have really been cut off from its energy supply by the High Priest at this time.
不能再这样下去，大祭司有整个秘境做靠山，就算她不会也无法一次性抽调很多能量，但慢慢磨，迟早还是会磨死它。
虫母决定发大招。
不是自爆，它还不想死。
第265章 虫母藏宝、内部攻击
每一只虫母都有自己的特色，这种特色也许是进化途中被吸收进来的某点特质，也许是虫母单纯喜欢某个能力而特意往这个方向进化。
寄生生命之树的虫母也有自己的特色或者说是独特能力，那就是病毒感染。
它能分裂出白蛛魔螨绝不是偶然，魔螨这种虫子看起来是吃植物，实际上它能给植物和精灵都带来很多病变。
只不过虫母需要能量，它加快了魔螨吞吃植物的速度，让植物来不及感染病毒就会死亡。
生命之树身上忽然喷出什么，但这些东西都太微小，肉眼根本看不见，就算用精神力观察，如果不特别注意也会忽视。
这些东西向大祭司全身笼罩而去，也逐渐向圣庭边沿的族长和长老团蔓延过去。
看不见的病毒混杂在墨绿色的能量光线中，谁能知道危险就这么接近了自己？
先不说虫母如何炮制它的大招。
王叶正在施展【自投罗网】，试图把虫母的精神核单独分离出来。
可也许是虫母的精神力太强大，他试着拖拽几次都没能成功。
王叶又反过来去寻找生命之树的意识，想把它的精神核先引入虫巢，确保它的灵魂安全再说。
但这也不行。
生命之树的意识完全不响应他的勾搭。
王叶一气之下，打开因果卷副卷查看情况。 Wang Ye was angry, and opened the sub-volume of the cause and effect scroll to check the situation.
雷木和生命之树之间有了非常密切的关系，那么伤害生命之树的虫母也就和雷木之间有了仇怨。
凭借这点，王叶就可以锁定虫母。
锁定是能锁定，因果线也缠上去了，但就跟蚂蚁拉大象一样，他拉不动啊！
怎么办？
实力差距过大，让王叶第一次束手无策。 The gap in strength was too large, making Wang Ye helpless for the first time.
虫老建议：“让我和靳蜘蛛出去，帮助木精灵攻击那虫母。”
The insect elder suggested: "Let me go out with Jin Spider and help the wood elf attack the worm mother." ”
王叶心脏一跳，下意识拒绝：“不行。” Wang Ye's heart skipped a beat, and he subconsciously refused: "No." ”
虫老弹他脑门：“我虽然不是圣级，但距离圣级也不远，虽然我和靳蜘蛛联手，也不一定能对虫母造成什么伤害，但骚扰总能做到。”
The insect elder flicked his head: "Although I am not a saint level, I am not far from the holy level, although I join forces with Jin Spider, I may not be able to cause any harm to the insect mother, but harassment can always do it." ”
王叶还是摇头，不客气地道：“靳蜘蛛是魔器，它那身体坏了，还能修。您老胳膊老腿可都是肉做的，您还只有九级，面对外面远超过十级的半神级，您这样的，跟你徒弟我差不多，都是肉包子打狗有去无回！您没见木精灵的族长和长老们都只是在边沿牵扯生命之树，根本不敢进入战斗中心。他们最差也有九级，最高十级！”
Wang Ye still shook his head and said unceremoniously: "Jin Spider is a magic weapon, its body is broken, and it can still be repaired." Your old arms and legs are all made of meat, you are only level nine, and in the face of the demigod level that is far more than level ten outside, you are like this, similar to your apprentice and me, they are all meat buns and dogs, and there is no return! You don't see that the patriarchs and elders of the Wood Elves are only pulling at the Tree of Life on the edge, and they don't dare to enter the center of the battle at all. They have nine levels at worst and ten at the highest! ”
当然，九级接近十级的实力不可能这么不堪，但王叶一想到要放老头出去冒险，他心里就惶惶的，自然不肯答应。
Of course, it is impossible for the strength of the ninth level to be close to the tenth level so unbearable, but as soon as Wang Ye thought of letting the old man go out on an adventure, he was panicked in his heart, and naturally refused to agree.
虫老气骂：“狗屁！什么肉包子打狗……那你说怎么办？就这么等下去？要么我再给它弄点毒药？”
The worm scolded angrily: "Bullshit! What meat buns beat dogs...... So what do you say? Just wait? Or shall I get some more poison for it? ”
虫老也可以用虫子，但他才九级顶阶，他的虫子能有几级？把这些虫子送出去，那就跟给虫母送菜没什么二样。
Worm Lao can also use bugs, but he is only the ninth level of the top level, how many levels can his bugs have? Sending these bugs out is no different from delivering food to the mother worm.
虫老甚至也有了无力之感，半神级啊，实力差别太大了。
The insect elder even has a sense of powerlessness, demigod level, the difference in strength is too great.
只能说他这个徒弟太能惹事，人家都是循序渐进，先招惹小的，再招惹老的，先从低级的招惹起，再往中高级跑。
It can only be said that his apprentice is too capable of causing trouble, and everyone is gradual, first provoking the small, and then provoking the old, starting with the low-level provocation, and then running to the middle and high-level.
可这小子呢，上来就是两半神！ But what about this kid, he came up and was a two-half-god!
哦，这个秘境外面还有两个也超越十级，接近半神级的树人等着他呢。
Oh, there are two other treants outside this secret who are also beyond the tenth level and close to the demigod level waiting for him.
有了这样的徒弟，当师父的不努力都不行。 With such an apprentice, it is impossible to be a master without hard work.
王叶吐气：“我刚才已经惊动它了，但我的力量太薄弱，它才没有放在心上，暂时没管。但如果您用毒药，虫母一定不能容忍，如果不能有效且及时地干掉对方，虫母恐怕掉过头来就会先对付我们。”
Wang Ye exhaled: "I had already alarmed it just now, but my strength was too weak, so it didn't take it to heart and didn't care about it for the time being." But if you use poison, the worm mother must not tolerate it, if you can't kill the other party effectively and in time, the worm mother is afraid that she will turn around and deal with us first. ”
“这个危险太大，不到万不得已，暂时不考虑。而且大祭司还在生命之树上绑着，我们用毒药，同样会毒到大祭司。伤敌两百自伤一千，不划算。总之，你们现在别急着出去，至少不是现在，最起码也要等到她们两败俱伤的时候。耐心点~”
"This danger is too great to be considered for the time being until it is absolutely necessary. And the high priest is still tied to the tree of life, and if we use poison, we will poison the high priest as well. It is not cost-effective to injure two hundred enemies and one thousand to oneself. In short, don't rush out now, at least not now, at least until they are both defeated. Be patient~"
虫老好气又好笑，他这把年纪竟然给个毛头小崽子说耐心点。他耐心绝对比这小兔崽子足，他这不是怕小兔崽子扛不住，才想帮这小混蛋擦屁股嘛。
The worm is angry and funny, he actually told a hairy little cub to be patient at this age. His patience is definitely better than that of this little rabbit cub, he is not afraid that the little rabbit cub will not be able to bear it, so he wants to help this little bastard wipe his ass.
真是……！虫老胡乱揉了揉小混蛋的脑袋。 Is......! The worm rubbed the little bastard's head indiscriminately.
王叶忽然凝神。 Wang Ye suddenly stared.
雷木再次给他传来消息：“注意，生命之树的意识将会指点你去往一个地方，你跟着祂的指引走。”
Reimu sent him a message again: "Attention, the consciousness of the Tree of Life will direct you to a place, and you will follow His guidance. ”
“什么地方？” "Where?"
“不知道。但我觉得祂不会伤害你我，但你一定要小心，如果有不对，立刻传送出来。”
"I don't know. But I don't think He will hurt you or me, but you have to be careful, and if anything is wrong, teleport out immediately. ”
雷木也不是完全信任生命之树的意识，但他也不可能隐瞒生命之树冒险传达给他的信息，如果是什么对付虫母的重要信息，他这边压下了，岂不是害了生命之树也害了小叶子？
Lei Mu also didn't fully trust the consciousness of the Tree of Life, but it was impossible for him to conceal the information that the Tree of Life risked conveying to him, if it was an important information to deal with the insect mother, he suppressed it on his side, wouldn't it harm the Tree of Life and harm Xiao Yezi?
他只能说出去，让小叶子自己判断。 He could only say it and let Xiao Yezi judge for himself.
王叶没有多犹豫，他这边正愁着打不开场面，既然生命之树意识有指引，那就跟过去看看好了。
Wang Ye didn't hesitate much, he was worried that he couldn't open the scene, since the Tree of Life consciousness was guided, then let's go over and take a look.
而且生命之树意识说去一个地方，也不是让他精神力跟着去，而是让他的实体一起。
Moreover, when the Tree of Life Consciousness says to go to a place, it is not for his spiritual power to follow, but for his entity to go together.
那王叶就更不怕了。 Then Wang Ye is even more afraid.
再怎么说他的虫巢也具有能抗十级敌人全力一击之力，不能对敌，逃跑总可以的。
No matter how he said it, his hive also has the power to resist the full force of a tenth-level enemy, and he can't fight the enemy, so it's always okay to escape.
王叶看到了指引，他看到了一条青黑色的线。 Wang Ye saw the guidance, and he saw a blue-black line.
这条线就像血液一样在树根中流动。 This thread flows like blood in the roots of a tree.
对方甚至给他在这条青黑线上开了一条缝隙。 The other party even opened a gap in this blue and black line for him.
王叶抿了抿嘴唇，操纵虫巢就扎入了这条血管中。 Wang Ye pursed his lips, and manipulated the insect nest into this vein.
树有血液吗？ Do trees have blood?
也许它们的树汁就是。 Maybe their sap is.
树有血管吗？ Do trees have blood vessels?
木质部也许可以算是。 Xylem may be counted.
但现在王叶看到了一条真正的血管，虽然颜色是青黑色，里面的“血液”也是青黑色。
But now Wang Ye saw a real blood vessel, although the color was blue-black, the "blood" inside was also blue-black.
他不知道这是生命之树本来就有的特质，还是被虫母融合后才会变得如此特殊。
He didn't know if this was an inherent trait of the Tree of Life, or if it was made so special after being fused with the Mother Worm.
总之，他沿着这条血管向前一路狂奔，而前面雷木的那滴血一直在前面带路。
In short, he ran all the way forward along this vein, and the blood of Lei Mu in front of him had been leading the way.
不要问他为什么知道那是雷木的那滴血，他就是知道！ Don't ask him why he knew it was Thunderwood's blood, he just knew!
虫老站在虫巢城墙上，只觉得活久见。 The worm old man stood on the wall of the worm hive, and he only felt that he would see him for a long time.
他从来不知道生命之树内部是这样的，虽然他看到的只是像血管一样的奇怪血脉路线。
He had never known what was going on inside the Tree of Life, though all he could see was strange blood routes like blood vessels.
引路的血滴通过一点点缝隙，一头冲入前方的宽敞地。 The blood droplets that led the way rushed through a small gap and rushed headlong into the spacious ground ahead.
王叶也紧跟着冲了出去。 Wang Ye also rushed out after him.
再回头，青黑色的血管已经隐入树身，再也看不见。 When I looked back, the blue-black veins had disappeared into the tree, and I could no longer see them.
王叶顾不得多看，转头打量这个宽敞的空间。 Wang Ye didn't care to look at it, and turned his head to look at this spacious space.
“这里是生命之树和虫母融合后，进化出来的次空间。”雷木传达生命之树的意识。
"This is the subspace that evolved after the fusion of the Tree of Life and the Mother Worm." Raimu conveys the consciousness of the Tree of Life.
王叶眼睛亮了。 Wang Ye's eyes lit up.
次空间啊，那这里会有不少好东西吧？ Subspace, there will be a lot of good things here, right?
没错，这里确实有不少好东西。 That's right, there are quite a few good things to do here.
虫母好歹也寄生了生命之树上千年，木精灵们更是有什么好东西都想着献给大祭司和生命之树。
The Mother Worm has also parasitized the Tree of Life for thousands of years, and the Wood Elves have even more good things to offer to the High Priest and the Tree of Life.
而大祭司因为生命之树的生命力衰竭……实际上是被虫母吸收了生命力，而不断向生命之树提供能补充能量的好东西。
And the high priest was depleted by the vitality of the tree of life...... In fact, it is absorbed by the mother worm and constantly provides the tree of life with good things that can replenish energy.
虫母有的当场吸收了，有的就藏到了次空间内，打算以后培育虫卵时再用——生育虫卵可是非常消耗能量的。
Some of the worm mothers were absorbed on the spot, and some were hidden in the subspace, planning to be used later when cultivating the eggs - giving birth to eggs is very energy-intensive.
就是虫老和疯药王以及靳蜘蛛见多识广，看到这次空间里摆放得整整齐齐的“货物”，也不禁羡慕起王叶的好运。
Even the worm elder and the mad medicine king and Jin Spider are well-informed, and when they see the neatly placed "goods" in the space this time, they can't help but envy Wang Ye's good luck.
人家在外面打生打死，结果这小子呢，竟然被他溜进人家的藏宝室里。
People were fighting to death outside, but this kid was actually slipped into someone's treasure room by him.
看这小兔崽子摩拳擦掌的样子，百分百是不打算客气的。
Looking at the way this little rabbit cub is gearing up, he is 100% not going to be polite.
王叶跟生命之树和木精灵大祭司还会客气客气，可跟虫母？
Wang Ye and the Tree of Life and the High Priest of the Wood Elves will still be polite, but with the Mother of Worms?
不好意思，你已经和我家木木的树妈妈结仇了，夺了树妈妈的身体，还连灵魂都想吞噬，这对一个孩子来说，就是不共戴天之仇！
I'm sorry, you have already made a feud with my Mumu's mother tree, took the body of the mother tree, and even wanted to devour the soul, which is a child's hatred!
不说生命之树这么亲近的关系，就是木精灵，那也是雷木的同族，是同血脉。
Not to mention that the tree of life is so close, it is the wood elf, which is also the same clan of Lei Mu, and it is the same bloodline.
而他和雷木什么关系？那就是能互相背负因果的一家人！
And what does he have to do with Remu? That's a family that can bear cause and effect on each other!
雷木的仇就是他的仇，所以打劫仇人的藏宝库，王叶没有半点心理负担，也不担心会有因果报复。
Lei Mu's revenge is his hatred, so robbing the enemy's treasure house, Wang Ye has no psychological burden, and he is not worried about karma.
这可是你虫母先对不起生命之树和木精灵。 This is your mother worm, sorry for the Tree of Life and the Wood Elves.
王叶看到了两枚九级魔晶，他差点乐晕了。 Wang Ye saw the two ninth-level magic crystals, and he almost fainted.
除此之外，还有五枚八级魔晶。 In addition to this, there are five eighth-level magic crystals.
其他低级魔晶就没有了，大约觉得再低级的魔晶对生命之树就没什么用。
There are no other low-level magic crystals, and I probably feel that any lower-level magic crystals are useless to the Tree of Life.
收收收！赶紧收起来。 Collect, collect, collect! Hurry up and put it away.
这几枚高级魔晶来得太及时了，正好能给师父们冲等级用！
These high-grade magic crystals came too timely, just enough to be used for the masters!
王叶还看到了一块一块像是干苔藓一样的褐色玩意。 Wang Ye also saw pieces of brown things that looked like dried moss.
他用鉴定术鉴定了，但这东西等级太高，他没鉴定出来。
He used identification techniques, but the thing was too high-grade for him to identify.
但疯药王认出来了，极为惊讶地道：“这是龙血皮。” But the Mad Medicine King recognized it and said in great surprise, "This is the dragon's blood skin." ”
“什么龙血皮？植物名？”王叶不懂就问。 "What dragon's blood skin? Botanical name? Wang Ye asked if he didn't understand.
虫老也没见过龙血皮实物，但他知道这名字代表了什么，听到疯药王说这东西就是龙血皮，整个人都有些激动。
The worm elder had never seen the dragon's blood skin in kind, but he knew what this name represented, and when he heard the mad medicine king say that this thing was the dragon's blood skin, the whole person was a little excited.
疯药王鄙视地道：“什么植物名！这就是真正的龙血，不过是干掉以后，被人揭下来保存的龙血，因为像皮，所以又叫龙血皮。”
The Mad Medicine King said with disdain: "What a plant name! This is the real dragon's blood, but it is the dragon's blood that was taken down and preserved after being killed, because it resembles skin, so it is also called dragon's blood skin. ”
“这个世界有龙？”王叶也听过不少次龙的大名，按理说这个世界是有龙的，只是他没有见过。
"There are dragons in this world?" Wang Ye has also heard the name of the dragon many times, and it stands to reason that there are dragons in this world, but he has never seen it.
“当然有。只不过现在见不到了，在远古就见不到了。有人说他们离开了，也有人说他们躲入了秘境。”疯药王无限可惜道。
"Absolutely. It's just that I can't see it now, and I can't see it in ancient times. Some say they left, others say they hid in secret places. The Mad Medicine King said infinitely with pity.
随后，疯药王就珍惜异常地对王叶吼：“你小心点！保存这么好的龙血皮，可能全世界就只有这么一点了，你可别糟蹋！”
Afterwards, the Mad Medicine King cherished the abnormality and yelled at Wang Ye: "Be careful!" With such a good preservation of dragon blood skin, there may only be so little in the world, don't waste it! ”
王叶很小心地收起龙血皮，宝贵的东西当然要给予十二万分地注意。
Wang Ye carefully put away the dragon blood skin, of course, the precious thing should be given 120,000 points of attention.
“龙血皮有什么作用？” "What does Dragon's Blood Skin do?"
“作用多了，这是最好的材料之一。最有名的效用就是配药可以炼制锻体药剂、体质提升药剂、天赋提升药剂，还可以治疗软骨症、骨质疏松，对骨质伤害有极佳疗效。另外根据龙血的属性，还可以炼制各种对应属性药剂。”
"It's one of the best materials. The most famous effect is that the dispensing can refine body forging drugs, physical fitness improvement drugs, talent improvement drugs, and can also treat osteomalacia and osteoporosis, and has an excellent effect on bone damage. In addition, according to the attributes of dragon blood, you can also refine various corresponding attribute potions. ”
王叶擦擦口水，他以为这次要亏本，谁想到峰回路转，这次赚大了！
Wang Ye wiped his saliva, he thought that he was going to lose money this time, who would have thought that the peak would turn around, and he would make a lot of money this time!
谢谢生命之树！ Thank you Tree of Life!
太感谢您老了！ Thank you so much for getting old!
为了这笔虫母的私藏，我也一定会救您和大祭司！ For the sake of this worm mother's private collection, I will definitely save you and the high priest!
您再等等，我把这些东西收了，就去找虫母拼命。 Wait, I'll take these things away, and I'll go to the worm mother and fight hard.
除此之外，王叶还看到了堆积成一箱箱的草木精华。 In addition, Wang Ye also saw the essence of plants and trees piled up in boxes.
这些草木精华为了便于保存全都凝结成块，一块块装在箱子里。
These plant essences are all condensed into pieces for easy preservation, and they are packed in boxes one by one.
能送到生命之树面前还被虫母特意保留下来的，可想而知这一箱箱草木精华的等级有多高。
can be sent to the tree of life and deliberately kept by the insect mother, you can imagine how high the level of this box of grass and tree essence is.
王叶幸福得只想在这些箱子上打滚。 Wang Ye was so happy that he just wanted to roll around on these boxes.
就是虫老都忍不住催促他：“快快快！赶紧收起来，别等虫母察觉了。”
Even the worm couldn't help urging him: "Hurry up, hurry up!" Put it away quickly, don't wait for the mother worm to notice. ”
王叶顾不得再去看虫母的其他收藏还有什么，一股脑儿全部转移到自己的虫巢中。
Wang Ye didn't care about looking at the other collections of the insect mother, and all of them were transferred to his own insect nest.
收完，王叶还怕有遗漏，在这个大约只有五十立方米的次空间内从头到尾又走了一遍，连缝隙都摸了摸，就怕遗漏什么。
After collecting it, Wang Ye was still afraid that there would be something missing, so he walked again from beginning to end in this subspace of only about fifty cubic meters, and even touched the gaps, for fear of missing something.
而寻宝之路并没有到此结束。 And the treasure hunt doesn't end there.
雷木的那滴血又出现了，同时那条青黑色血管也再次出现。
The drop of Thunderwood's blood reappeared, and the blue-black veins reappeared.
王叶这次可驾轻就熟了，跟在雷木的血滴就再次冲入血管，一通乱走。
Wang Ye was very familiar with it this time, and the blood droplets that followed Lei Mu rushed into the blood vessels again, and he walked around.
如果说刚才走的血管都是小河，那么王叶眼前出现的就是一个小水池。
If the veins that he walked just now were all small rivers, then what appeared in front of Wang Ye was a small pool.
这里的血液不是青黑色，而是碧绿的青。 The blood here is not blue-black, but turquoise.
就像质感最透的翡翠，美丽得让人目眩神迷。 It's like the most transparent jadeite, so beautiful that it's dizzying.
雷木的精神力传入王叶脑中：“生命之树的意识说，让你泡进去，能吸收多少就吸收多少。”
Lei Mu's spiritual power was transmitted into Wang Ye's brain: "The consciousness of the Tree of Life says, let you soak in it, and absorb as much as you can." ”
“这是什么？”王叶问。但他已经本能地知道，这些碧绿的液体是好东西。
"What is this?" Wang Ye asked. But he already instinctively knew that these turquoise liquids were good stuff.
“是生命之树的原心树液。”雷木回答。 "It's the original sap of the Tree of Life." Remu replied.
王叶睁大眼睛：这不会是生命之液吧？ Wang Ye's eyes widened: This can't be the liquid of life, right?
王叶有点承受不了地搓搓手，迟疑道：“如果我吸收了这些树液，对生命之树是不是有影响？”
Wang Ye rubbed his hands a little unbearably and hesitated, "If I absorb these sapes, will it have an impact on the Tree of Life?" ”
雷木大概在和生命之树的意识交流，过了一会儿才回答：“祂说没关系，祂说祂的身体已经完全变异了，祂就算活下来也不会再是生命之树。而这点原液还是虫母保留下来想要培育虫卵之用。生命之树说与其把这些树液便宜虫母和寄生虫，还不如送给你。”
Raimu was probably communicating with the consciousness of the Tree of Life, and after a while he replied, "He said it doesn't matter, He said that His body has completely mutated, and even if he survives, he will no longer be the Tree of Life." And this stock solution is still reserved by the mother worm to cultivate the eggs. The Tree of Life says that instead of cheapening the mother worm and parasite, the sap should be given to you. ”
雷木省略了一个人，就是他自己。 Raymu omitted one person, and that was himself.
生命之树的意识跟他说的原话是让王叶把这些原液装走，给他用，还有以后也可以用来孵化精灵卵。
The consciousness of the Tree of Life told him that Wang Ye would take these essence liquid away and use it for him, and it could also be used to hatch elf eggs in the future.
但雷木只希望王叶越强越好，何况现在还这么危险。 But Lei Mu only hoped that Wang Ye would be as strong as possible, not to mention that it was still so dangerous.
他就想让王叶泡进这些原液中，能吸收多少就吸收多少。
He just wanted Wang Ye to soak in these original solutions, and he could absorb as much as he could.
王叶盯着这些树液，突然觉得就这么泡进去有点暴殄天物。
Wang Ye stared at these sapes, and suddenly felt that it was a bit violent to soak in them like this.
疯药王已经疯狂了，不断鬼叫：“这是生命之液！这才是真正的生命之液！天哪，我竟然能看到这么多生命之液，这能做多少十级药剂？不，也许我可以炼制出真正的半神药剂，也许我还能……”
The Mad Medicine King was already crazy, and kept screaming: "This is the liquid of life!" This is the real liquid of life! Oh my God, I can see so many life liquids, how many level 10 potions can this make? No, maybe I can refine a true demigod potion, maybe I can still ......"
疯药王像个真疯子一样念叨个不停。 The Mad Medicine King kept babbling like a real madman.
就是虫老也无法自持，他的手都有些颤抖。真正的生命之液，还有这么多！他都怀疑自己的眼睛。
Even the worm elder couldn't help himself, and his hands trembled a little. The real liquid of life, and so much more! He doubted his eyes.
靳蜘蛛更是兴奋，如果有了这些生命之液，不要多，每天给他一滴……十天给一滴也行，他的身体应该很快就可以恢复青春。
Jin Spider is even more excited, if you have these life liquids, don't do more, give him a drop every day...... It is okay to give one drop in ten days, and his body should soon be able to regain its youth.
小云和小光他们更直接，直喊着想要想要。 Xiaoyun and Xiaoguang were more direct, shouting that they wanted to want.
王叶最终没有泡进这些原液中，他也没这个时间。 Wang Ye didn't soak in these original liquids in the end, and he didn't have the time.
他把整一个小水池的生命之液都转移到了虫巢中的钟乳石洞深处。
他没把灵液和生命之液混合，而是分成了两个池子。 Instead of mixing the Ichor with the Liquid of Life, he divided it into two pools.
浓郁的生命气息传来，就连平时爱睡觉的养魂贝都略微打开贝壳看了看。
The rich breath of life came, and even the soul-nourishing shells that usually love to sleep opened their shells slightly and looked at them.
看完，这个特别现实主义的贝贝立刻背着小角就搬家了。
After reading it, this particularly realistic babe immediately moved with the little horn on his back.
不过奇特的是，贝贝没有住进生命之液的池子里，它选择在两个池子正中间安家了。
而两个池子之间只相隔半米。
等到把生命之液全部转移，王叶的眼睛落在了池子底部。
When all the liquid of life was transferred, Wang Ye's eyes fell on the bottom of the pool.
那里有三颗只有鸡蛋大的粉红色的玉石。 There were three pink jades the size of an egg.
“咿咿！虫卵！”小光叫。 "Babble! Eggs! Xiaoguang called.
王叶也感知到了，那是三枚寄生虫卵，而且等级很高。 Wang Ye also sensed that they were three parasite eggs, and they were of a very high level.
“咿咿，想吃~！”小光特别迫不及待。 "Babble, I want to eat~!" Xiaoguang couldn't wait.
王叶一挥手：“去吧。” Wang Ye waved his hand: "Go ahead." ”
其实王叶有虫巢，他也可以直接吸收这三枚虫卵，但他今天获得的好处太多，这么点机缘也就没必要和小弟抢了。
In fact, Wang Ye has a hive, and he can directly absorb these three insect eggs, but he has gained too many benefits today, so there is no need to grab it with his younger brother.
小光立刻带着它的一批精英干将扑出来。 Xiaoguang immediately rushed out with a group of its elite cadres.
小光一个独霸其中等级最高、生命能量最强的一颗虫卵。
Xiao Guang is the one with the highest level and the strongest life energy among them.
另外两颗则分给了手下。 The other two were divided among his men.
而小光手下吸收的虫卵精华还会反馈到小光身上。 And the insect egg essence absorbed by Xiaoguang's hands will also be fed back to Xiaoguang.
四舍五入，也算小光一个吃三颗虫卵。 Rounded off, it can be regarded as Xiaoguang eating three eggs.
同样，小光的实力也会牵连到和它契约的王叶。 Similarly, Xiaoguang's strength will also implicate Wang Ye, who has a contract with it.
小光实力上涨，王叶也会跟着实力上涨。 Xiaoguang's strength rises, and Wang Ye will also rise with his strength.
只不过王叶碍于有个玩家身份，他的实力无法正常上涨，只能把小光传递过来的能量全都储存到虫巢中。
It's just that Wang Ye is hindered by the identity of a player, and his strength can't rise normally, so he can only store all the energy transmitted by Xiaoguang into the hive.
虫卵不大，小光率领手下不到数秒就把这三颗虫卵吸干。
The eggs were not large, and Xiaoguang led his men to suck the three eggs dry in less than a few seconds.
“咿咿咿！我要结茧了，这段时间别找我。你可以直接指挥虫群。”小光匆忙丢下一句交代，就冲回了它的虫房。
"Babble! I'm going to form a cocoon, don't look for me during this time. You can command the swarm directly. Xiaoguang hurriedly dropped an explanation and rushed back to its worm house.
它带出来的那批精英虫也跟着回到虫房，它们不会结茧，但它们会进入沉眠期，在睡眠中进化和升级。
The elite insects it brought out also returned to the worm house, they will not form cocoons, but they will enter a period of deep sleep, evolving and upgrading in sleep.
雷木的那滴血又出现了。 Reimwood's blood reappeared.
王叶鼻息咻咻，眼睛里都是小星星，还有好东西吗？ Wang Ye snorted, his eyes were full of little stars, are there any good things?
好东西没了，生命之树意识最后带王叶来到的地方，正是虫母的心脏要害之处。
The good things are gone, and the place where the Tree of Life consciousness finally brought Wang Ye is the heart of the worm mother.
也许这对王叶来说也是好东西？ Maybe this is also a good thing for Wang Ye?
如果虫母自己不说，就连和生命之树融合在一起的大祭司木守也找不到虫母的要害在哪里。
If the mother of insects herself does not say it, even the high priest Mu Mamoru, who has fused with the tree of life, will not be able to find out where the key points of the mother of insects are.
可生命之树意识知道啊。 But the Tree of Life consciousness knows.
生命之树意识也没有想到，某天竟然会出现这么一个古古怪怪的小孩子，竟然能直接微尘化进入祂的树身，还能不被变异后的树身排斥。
The Tree of Life Consciousness also did not expect that one day such a strange child would appear, and he would be able to directly melt into his tree body, and he would not be rejected by the mutated tree body.
生命之树意识又哪里知道王叶的虫巢就是寄生虫族王虫的座驾，是所有寄生虫族的家园，虫母虽然是王虫之母，但出于本能，它就不会排斥虫巢。
Where does the consciousness of the tree of life know that Wang Ye's hive is the car of the parasitic insect king worm, and it is the home of all parasitic insects, although the mother worm is the mother of the king worm, but out of instinct, it will not reject the hive.
虫母其实在王叶试图用因果线拉拽它时，它就有所察觉，但它没有察觉到王叶就在它的身体里。
The mother insect actually noticed when Wang Ye tried to pull it with the causal thread, but it didn't realize that Wang Ye was in its body.
这也跟王叶进入它身体后就没有攻击它第二次也有关。 This is also related to the fact that Wang Ye did not attack it a second time after entering its body.
虫母一开始感觉到的攻击只来自于一条旁枝末节的细小根部，之后那攻击就消失了，它以为那个攻击它的家伙已经被它干掉。
The attack she sensed at first came from a tiny root, and then the attack vanished, thinking that the creature that had attacked it had already been killed by it.
虫母也没想到生命之树意识竟然还能操控自己的身体，虽然只是打开那么一点点尘埃大的小缝隙，顺便再带个路而已，可给虫母造成的损失……嗯，幸好它现在不知道。
The insect mother didn't expect that the consciousness of the tree of life could still control her body, although it was just a small gap with a little bit of dust, and by the way, it was just a small gap, and by the way, it could cause losses to the insect mother...... Well, thankfully it doesn't know now.
虫母还在不断释放病毒。 The mother worm is still releasing the virus.
这些病毒没有生命，虫母想释放多少就能释放多少，只要它的能量能支持。
These viruses have no life, and the mother worm can release as much as she wants, as long as its energy can support it.
这些病毒哪里来的？ Where do these viruses come from?
当然是都隐藏在它的基因中，它可以把它们单独分离出来，再复制，再释放，还能再回收。
Of course, they are all hidden in its genes, and it can isolate them separately, replicate them, release them, and recycle them.
它的上上一代可是让双月星很多种族不得不躲进秘境、封闭秘境的要因，那时整个双月星都被各种病毒肆掠，各智慧种族还找不到源头。
Its previous generation was the main reason why many races of the Twin Moon Star had to hide in the secret realm and close the secret realm, at that time, the entire Twin Moon Star was ravaged by various viruses, and the intelligent races could not find the source.
包括后来在双月星出现的活死人病毒，实际上也是脱胎于它上上代释放出来的某种病毒，只不过那病毒被人类发现，被那个人类进一步改正，那人类原本是想长生……某种程度来说，他确实也实现了他的目的。
Including the living dead virus that appeared later on the Double Moon Star, it was actually born from a certain virus released by its previous generation, but the virus was discovered by humans and further corrected by that human, and that human originally wanted to live forever...... In a way, he did achieve his goal.
它知道它的同族都不太欢迎它，觉得它的进化方向是错误的。
It knew that its people did not welcome it and felt that it was going in the wrong direction.
但那些浅薄的同族知道什么呢，如果没有它们病毒虫这一支，双月星的智慧种族早就联合起来把它们智慧寄生虫族给消灭了。
But what do those shallow fellow races know, if it weren't for their virus worms, the intelligent races of the Twin Moon Stars would have united to wipe out their intelligent parasites.
它们病毒虫分裂了那些智慧种族，还让他们大量死亡，更逼得他们不得不躲入秘境苟活，这才给了它们寄生虫一族一段更长更安稳的发展时间。
Their viruses and worms split those intelligent races, caused them to die in large numbers, and forced them to hide in secret realms to survive, which gave them a longer and more stable development time.
所以它的上一代为它选择了精灵族，更让它寄生了最为重要的生命之树。
Therefore, its previous generation chose the elven race for it, and let it parasitize the most important tree of life.
不为其他，只是为了让病毒虫进化得更加完美。 Not for anything else, just to make the evolution of the virus worm more perfect.
就像现在，哪怕它还没进化成完美体，但凭借生命之树那丰富的生命能量，它可以尽情释放各种病毒，甚至自由改变这些病毒的特性，想让病毒感染哪种生命就感染哪种生命，想让病毒有什么效果就有什么效果。
Just like now, even if it has not evolved into a perfect body, with the abundant life energy of the Tree of Life, it can release all kinds of viruses to its heart's content, and even freely change the characteristics of these viruses, so that the virus can infect whichever life it wants, and whatever effect the virus wants.
现在它让这些病毒进入空气、甚至融入能量，只要那些木精灵还需要呼吸，只要他们还需要吸收能量，就逃不过这些病毒的侵袭。
Now it allows these viruses to enter the air, and even merge with energy, and as long as those wood elves still need to breathe, as long as they need to absorb energy, they can't escape the invasion of these viruses.
这些病毒有什么作用？ What do these viruses do?
很简单，就是腐蚀生物的内脏，让他们从内部液体化。 Quite simply, it is to corrode the internal organs of living organisms and make them liquefy from the inside.
等这些木精灵开始七孔流血，他们很快就会变成一滩血水。
By the time these Wood Elves start bleeding through the seven holes, they will soon turn into a puddle of blood.
这些血水也是丰富的能量，更是病毒的培养基，它会在事后收集起来。
This blood water is also rich in energy, and it is also the medium of the virus, which will be collected afterwards.
虫母眼看木精灵族长和长老团被病毒包裹，当即就把他们丢在脑后，这几个木精灵必死无疑，它现在只要全力对付大祭司木守就好。
Seeing that the Wood Elf Patriarch and the Elder Group were wrapped in the virus, the Mother Worm immediately left them behind, these Wood Elves were certain to die, and it only needed to deal with the High Priest Mu Shou with all its strength now.
哦，刚才的病毒释放让它消耗有点大，不过没关系。 Oh, the virus release just now made it a bit expensive, but that's okay.
它是树啊，它还可以从土壤、从空气中吸收能量，就算木守阻碍也没多少用处！
It's a tree, and it can absorb energy from the soil and the air, so it's useless even if it's in the way!
除非木守用全部力量来阻碍它吸收能量，可木守这样做，又要如何保护自己？
Unless Mu Shou uses all his strength to hinder it from absorbing energy, how can Mu Shou protect himself if he does this?
虫母深深地回收了一波能量。 Mother worm deeply recycled a wave of energy.
咳！虫母不会咳嗽，但就在刚才它忽然感到有点不舒服，就好像空气质量特别差。
Cough! The mother worm doesn't cough, but just now it suddenly felt a little uncomfortable, as if the air quality was particularly poor.
可能和生命之树融合的缘故，虫母对环境质量要求很高。
Probably because of the fusion with the tree of life, the mother insect has high requirements for environmental quality.
难道是我释放的病毒造成空气污染？ Could it be that the virus I released is causing air pollution?
不对，我是释放者，是这些病毒的母亲，它们怎么可能让我不舒服？
No, I'm the one who releases it, I'm the mother of these viruses, how can they make me uncomfortable?
虫母的能量和精神力在整个圣庭内转了一圈，没找到什么特殊的东西。
The energy and spiritual power of the worm mother circled around the entire holy court, but she didn't find anything special.
只不过因为它和木守干架，弄得整个圣庭内尘土飞扬。 It's just that because it is a dry frame with the wooden guard, it makes the entire Holy Court dusty.
它应该喜欢泥土才对…… It should like dirt......
虫母有点想不通，不过这时它也没时间去细想这些，木守的身体已经从生命之树上挣脱出了四分之一！
The worm mother was a little confused, but at this time it didn't have time to think about it, and Mu Shou's body had already broken free from the tree of life by a quarter!
木守不知道刚才虫母的攻势怎么会突然减弱，但这对于她也是一个机会，她拼尽全力脱离生命之树。
Mu Shou didn't know how the Worm Mother's offensive had suddenly weakened, but it was also an opportunity for her, and she tried her best to get out of the Tree of Life.
虫母会放过自己的口粮吗？ Will the mother worm spare her rations?
当然不会！ Of course not!
它刚释放完一波病毒，眼看木守要跑，立刻就开始切换形态。
As soon as it released a wave of viruses, it immediately began to switch forms when it saw that Mu Shou was about to run.
它要施展第二个大招了，变形。 It's about to perform its second ultimate, Transfiguration.
它当然可以变形，它原本是一只虫子，只是融合了一棵树。
Of course it can be shapeshifted, it was originally a bug, just fused with a tree.
这还是它第一次变形，它不知道会异变成什么样，但它知道这种状态才是最让它舒坦和放松的，也是最能让它力量最大化的。
This is the first time it has been transformed, and it doesn't know what it will become, but it knows that this state is the most comfortable and relaxing for it, and it is also the most powerful for it.
这才是它的本貌！ That's what it's all about!
大祭司木守目眦欲裂！ High Priest Mu Shou's eyes are cracking!
她看到了什么？ What did she see?
她那么尊崇、爱护的生命之树，竟然就在她眼前异变成了一个怪物。
The tree of life, which she respected and loved so much, turned into a monster in front of her eyes.
那是怎样丑陋的怪物啊。 What an ugly monster that is.
那就像是一只放大版的虱子，只是这只虱子的屁股部位拖了很多虬结的树根，背部和腹部还有树根上长了很多透明的瘤，那瘤子表面还有像毒汁一样的黄青色黏液在流淌。
It was like an enlarged version of the louse, except that the louse had a lot of knotted roots on its buttocks, and there were many transparent nodules growing on its back, abdomen, and roots, and there was yellow-green mucus flowing like poisonous juice on the surface of the nodules.
丑陋到让人恶心的地步。 It's ugly to the point of disgusting.
可她竟然还和这个恶心的怪物连在一起！木守想吐，更想自爆。
But she's still connected to this disgusting monster! Mu Shou wanted to vomit, and he wanted to blow himself up.
突然！那恶心的怪物莫名其妙地嘶吼起来，能量也一阵紊乱。
Suddenly! The disgusting monster roared inexplicably, and its energy was also disordered.
怎么回事？ What's going on?
不管是怎么回事？大祭司感到了一个比上次更好的脱身机会，她也抓住了机会。她断然决定，她不要那部分能量了，也不要那部分的身体了，她宁可把自己变成残疾，也要离开这个恶心的怪物！
Whatever it is? The High Priestess felt a better chance to get out than last time, and she seized it. She decided categorically that she didn't want that part of her energy anymore, and she didn't want that part of her body anymore, she would rather turn herself into a disability than leave this disgusting monster!
大祭司自爆了，她自爆了和树身的连接部位。 The High Priestess blew herself up, and she blew up the connection to the tree.
半神级的自爆，就是变异后的虫母也吃不消。 The demigod-level self-explosion is unbearable even for the mutated insect mother.
更何况它的身体内部还出事了！ What's more, something happened inside its body!
王叶干不过虫母，哪怕来到它的要害处，也无法对它造成实质伤害。
Wang Ye can't do the insect mother, even if he comes to its vital place, he can't cause substantial damage to it.
怎么办？ What to do?
王叶瞅瞅家里的老老小小，对虫老勾唇一笑：“师父，您升十级是不是还欠缺一点能量冲击？”
Wang Ye glanced at the old and young in the family, and smiled at the insect elder: "Master, do you still lack a little energy impact when you are promoted to the tenth level?" ”
虫老眯了眯眼，“你想干什么？” The worm squinted, "What do you want to do?" ”
王叶一脸干坏事的表情道：“如果我说我有办法把虫母的能量转入你们体内，不过需要您冒一点点小小的危险……”
Wang Ye said with a bad expression on his face: "If I say that I have a way to transfer the energy of the worm mother into your body, but you need to take a little risk......
“直接说怎么办。”虫老打断道。 "Just tell me what to do." Worm Elder interrupted.
“好！”王叶说出了他的办法。 "Good!" Wang Ye said his way.
他的办法很简单，也确实很冒险。 His approach was simple, and indeed risky.
需要虫老和靳蜘蛛离开虫巢从内部攻击虫母，最好能打开一道口子。
It is necessary for the worm elder and the Jin spider to leave the worm nest to attack the worm mother from the inside, and it is best to open an opening.
只要能在虫母的要害上开口，王叶就能冲进去，然后他就能通过虫巢来吸收虫母的能量，再用因果线转移到虫老身上。
As long as he can open his mouth at the vital point of the insect mother, Wang Ye can rush in, and then he can absorb the energy of the insect mother through the insect nest, and then use the causal line to transfer it to the insect elder.
而虫老要做的就是和靳蜘蛛一起不断吸引虫母的注意力和反击，确保他能安安生生地躲在虫母要害内窃取它的能量。
And what the insect elder has to do is to work with Jin Spider to constantly attract the attention and counterattack of the insect mother, to ensure that he can hide in the insect mother's vital point and steal its energy.
如果虫老他们扛不住，王叶就会把他们即刻收入虫巢。 If they can't bear the worms, Wang Ye will immediately put them into the worm nest.
如果没有生命之树意识带他来到虫母的要害处，如果不是王叶今天拿了太多好处，他绝不敢这么冒险。
If it weren't for the Tree of Life Consciousness to bring him to the vital point of the Worm Mother, if it weren't for Wang Ye taking too many benefits today, he would never have dared to take such a risk.
实际上，比起牵扯虫母注意的虫老和靳蜘蛛，钻入虫母要害的他会更危险。
In fact, compared to the worm old and Jin spiders who involved the attention of the worm mother, he would be more dangerous to drill into the worm mother's vital point.
但王叶想要赌一把，毕竟虫母还有一个半神的对手，也许它没办法把所有注意力和攻击都放到他们身上。
But Wang Ye wanted to take a gamble, after all, the worm mother still had a demigod opponent, maybe it couldn't put all its attention and attacks on them.
实际上，王叶运气确实不错。 In fact, Wang Ye's luck is indeed good.
他在虫母体内捣乱，让虫母痛苦和暴怒。 He wreaks havoc inside the mother, causing her pain and rage.
而这也给大祭司木守带来了脱离机会。 And this also gave the high priest Kimori a chance to escape.
同时，一名半神的半身自爆，也让虫母在那一刻因为剧烈痛苦而心神大大失守。
At the same time, the half-body of a demigod blew himself up, which also made the insect mother lose her mind greatly because of the intense pain at that moment.
王叶的精神力一直在盯着虫母的精神力，当他感觉到对方精神力松动的一刹那，他的因果线紧紧纠缠了上去。
Wang Ye's spiritual power had been staring at the insect mother's spiritual power, and the moment he felt the other party's spiritual power loosen, his causal thread was tightly entangled.
同一时间就在圣庭外的雷木大喊了一声：“大祭司，攻击虫母的精神力！快！”
At the same time, Lei Mu, who was outside the Holy Court, shouted: "High Priest, attack the spiritual power of the insect mother!" Fast! ”
随后，雷木用最快速度把待在他空间中做后手的闻笛和兰道送入王叶的虫巢空间，自己也跟着闭上眼睛坐倒，他把自己的精神力一并送向王叶，和王叶一起对抗那只虫母。
Then, Lei Mu used the fastest speed to send Wendi and Landao, who were staying in his space as a hinder, into Wang Ye's hive space, and he also closed his eyes and sat down, he sent his spiritual power to Wang Ye together, and fought against the insect mother with Wang Ye.
闻笛和兰道一进入王叶的虫巢空间，就被王叶放出去和虫老他们一起从内部攻击虫母。
As soon as Wen Di and Lan Dao entered Wang Ye's insect hive space, they were released by Wang Ye and attacked the insect mother from the inside with the insect elders.
外面，大祭司也听到了雷木的喊声，她甚至没有去整理自己的伤势，就把自己的精神力凝成一道利剑，狠狠刺入了那只丑陋的怪物脑中。
Outside, the High Priestess also heard Lei Mu's shout, and she didn't even bother to sort out her injuries, she condensed her spiritual power into a sharp sword and stabbed it into the ugly monster's brain.
第266章 干掉虫母 Chapter 266: Kill the Mother Worm
大祭司的精神力一进入怪物脑中就发现了目标。 As soon as the High Priest's spiritual power entered the monster's brain, he found the target.
因为太明显了。 Because it's so obvious.
她看到了一个被无数金色线条纠缠住的怪物，和其现在的外表一模一样。
She saw a monster entangled in countless golden lines, exactly like its current appearance.
她还听到了引导声：“就是它，攻击它！放心，生命之树的精神核不在其中。”
She also heard the voice of guidance: "That's it, attack it!" Rest assured, the spiritual core of the Tree of Life is not among them. ”
大祭司非常放心，因为她不但看到了怪物，也看到了和怪物隐隐重叠却又轮廓清晰的另一个淡淡的树影。
The High Priest was relieved that she had seen not only the monster, but also another faint shadow of a tree that faintly overlapped with the monster but had a clear outline.
虽然有重叠，但那金色线条硬是完美地避开了树影，圈出了整个怪物轮廓，并把整个怪物都从树影中拉拽了出来。
Although there was overlap, the golden lines perfectly avoided the shadow of the tree, circled the entire silhouette of the monster, and pulled the entire monster out of the shadow.
在这种情况下，大祭司根本不可能打错目标。 In such a situation, it was simply impossible for the high priest to hit the wrong target.
王叶和雷木累加的精神力拖拽着虫母的精神核，让它无法和生命之树的精神核融为一体。
The accumulated spiritual power of Wang Ye and Lei Mu dragged the spiritual core of the insect mother, making it unable to merge with the spiritual core of the Tree of Life.
大祭司则专门负责攻打虫母的精神核。 The High Priest is specifically responsible for attacking the spiritual core of the Mother Worm.
虫母精神力不弱，至少不比大祭司弱，可问题是现在有一群混蛋在内部攻击它的要害，还有几个木精灵在外面牵扯它的身体，而大祭司的自爆，又让它重伤，偏偏它的精神核还被人抓住。
The insect mother's spiritual power is not weak, at least not weaker than the high priest, but the problem is that now there is a group of bastards attacking its vital points inside, and there are several wood elves pulling its body outside, and the high priest's self-explosion has seriously injured it, but its spiritual core is still caught.
虫母内外交困痛苦不堪。 The mother worm is trapped internally and externally, and is in pain.
它的伤势恢复还需要一段时间，虽然拥有生命之树，不管是什么严重的伤势都能让它快速恢复，但这次伤得太重了，而且大祭司木守等人根本不给它疗伤恢复的时间。
It will take a while for its injuries to recover, although having the Tree of Life, no matter what serious the injury is, it can recover quickly, but this time the injury is too serious, and the high priest Mu Mamoru and the others don't give it time to heal and recover at all.
对了，生命之液！ That's right, the Liquid of Life!
它有一池子的生命之液，那可是它的宝贝。 It had a pool of life liquid, and that was its treasure.
是它这么多年，一点点囤积下来的至宝。 It is a treasure that it has hoarded little by little over the years.
自从它寄生这棵树，随着融合一步步加深，这棵树产出的生命之液就越来越少，它还得拿出去一部分给木精灵，好让他们相信这棵树还活着。
Ever since it had parasitized the tree, as the fusion deepened, the tree produced less and less liquid of life, and it had to give some of it to the wood elves to convince them that the tree was still alive.
但千年下来，它还是囤积了不少。这可都是它未来培育虫卵的最佳营养，也是它救命的后手。
But after a thousand years, it still hoarded a lot. This is the best nutrition for its future cultivation of eggs, and it is also its life-saving hand.
虫母开始调用它藏在身体最深处的生命之液。 The mother worm began to invoke the liquid of life that it had hidden in the deepest part of its body.
生命之液呢？ What about the liquid of life?
虫母看着空空荡荡的池子，目瞪口呆。 Mother Worm looked at the empty pool and was dumbfounded.
不但池子里的生命之液消失得干干净净，比舔过还干净。
Not only did the liquid of life in the pool disappear cleanly, but it was cleaner than licking.
就连它之前临时产下的三颗虫卵也不见了！ Even the three eggs it had laid temporarily were gone!
“啊啊啊！”虫母愤怒到极点，它发出了难听到极点也刺耳到极点的尖叫。
"Ahhh The mother worm was furious, and it let out a scream that was hard to hear and piercing to the extreme.
生命之树！肯定是祂！只有祂才可能知道它把生命之液藏在什么地方。
The Tree of Life! It must be Him! Only He could know where it hid the fluid of life.
不用问，生命之液肯定就藏在那些正在攻击它内部要害的某个混蛋身上。
Needless to say, the liquid of life must be hiding in some bastard who is attacking its inner strengths.
虫母想撕了那些混蛋，可那些攻击它的小贼们也不是弱者，其中有一个竟然是圣级傀儡，另外三个虽然不是十级，却是强大的术士，他们各有极为犀利的攻击手段。
The worm mother wanted to tear those bastards apart, but the thieves who attacked it were not weak, one of them turned out to be a saint-level puppet, and the other three, although not level ten, were powerful warlocks, and they each had extremely sharp attack methods.
药剂、卷轴轮番攻击。 Flasks and scrolls attack in turn.
就算是平时，面对这样的攻击，它也需要付出八成实力应付，更何况现在？
Even in normal times, in the face of such an attack, it needs to pay eighty percent of its strength to deal with it, let alone now?
其中一个超凡者竟然还擅长魔法阵，此人就在它身体内部布置了一个接近九级的护身魔法阵，那几个家伙就躲在魔法阵中攻击它。
One of the transcendents was even good at the magic array, and this person arranged a talisman magic array close to the ninth level inside its body, and those guys hid in the magic array to attack it.
它想拆了魔法阵和这些混蛋，可它无法使用全部能量和精神力。
It wanted to dismantle the magic circle and these bastards, but it couldn't use all its energy and mental power.
虫母恨呐！ Mother worm hates!
生命之液已经没有了，它再愤怒也不能让生命之液和虫卵出现。
The Liquid of Life was gone, and no matter how angry it was, it couldn't let the Liquid of Life and the eggs appear.
虫母也不是硬扛的傻子，它一看情况对它越来越不利，当即决定逃跑。
The mother worm is not a fool who carries it, and when she sees that the situation is getting worse and worse for it, she immediately decides to run away.
但不知为何，也许是精神力和身体都遭到重创，它感到周围的空气让它越来越难受，它有种喘不过气之感。
But for some reason, perhaps it was the mental and physical damage that it felt as the air around it became more and more uncomfortable, and it felt like it was out of breath.
这种感觉太糟糕了！ This feeling is terrible!
更糟糕的是外面的空气里不知掺杂了什么，竟然在阻碍它吸收空气和土壤中的能量。
To make matters worse, there is something mixed in the air outside, which is preventing it from absorbing energy from the air and soil.
能量！它需要大量的能量。 Energy! It requires a lot of energy.
虫母想到自己囤积的能量，立刻调用自己次空间里的存货。
Thinking of the energy she had hoarded, the worm mother immediately called on the inventory in her subspace.
在调用之前它心里已经有种不妙之感，毕竟被它藏得那么秘密的生命之液都没了，它次空间中的宝贝还能留下吗？
Before it was called, it already had a bad feeling in its heart, after all, the life liquid that it had hidden so secretly was gone, could the treasure in its subspace remain?
果然！它囤积的九级和八级魔晶、还有那么多草木精华全都没了！
Really! The ninth-level and eighth-level magic crystals it had hoarded, as well as so many plant essences, were all gone!
哦，还有龙血皮！ Oh, and the Dragon's Blood Skin!
那是它的宝贝，它留着想要在孕育王虫的时候再使用，好生出这一代最强大的王虫。
It was its treasure, and it was kept to be used when it gave birth to the king worm, so as to give birth to the most powerful king worm of this generation.
它的库存，它的宝贝，全都没有了！ Its inventory, its treasures, are all gone!
到底是什么东西？竟然能突破它的次空间，还不被它察觉？
What the hell is it? Can you break through its subspace without being noticed by it?
这怎么可能？！ How is this possible?!
虫母狂化了。 Mother worm went berserk.
它不顾后果地狂化了。 It went berserk recklessly.
大祭司木守同样受伤很重，她可是炸了自己腰部以下的身体。
High Priest Kimori was also seriously injured, but she blew up her body from the waist down.
现在她的腰部以下完全由藤蔓组成，这是木系魔法，也是让它受到如此重伤也不会死的原因，达到半神级的她可以元素化，自然也可以借用元素重组身体。
Now her waist down is completely composed of vines, this is wood magic, and it is also the reason why it will not die if it is so badly injured, she can be elementalized when she reaches the demigod level, and naturally she can also borrow elements to reorganize her body.
眼看虫母狂化，木守几乎放弃了对自己身体的保护，全力攻击虫母的精神核。
Seeing the insect mother go berserk, Mu Shou almost gave up the protection of his body and attacked the spiritual core of the insect mother with all his might.
王叶也急，雷木都把精神力送来帮助他了，还有木守大祭司也在攻击虫母，可这个虫母竟然还能坚持，精神核到现在都不见半点损伤。
Wang Ye was also anxious, Lei Mu had sent his spiritual power to help him, and the high priest of Mu Shou was also attacking the insect mother, but this insect mother could still hold on, and the spiritual core had not been damaged at all until now.
直到又一道精神力加入王叶……正确说应该是加入了雷木的精神力中。
Until another spiritual power joined Wang Ye...... To be precise, it should have been added to Lei Mu's spiritual power.
那是生命之树的精神力。 That is the spiritual power of the tree of life.
虽然微弱，但就像压死骆驼的最后一根稻草。 It's faint, but it's like the last straw that breaks the camel's back.
随着生命之树精神力的加入，平衡被打破了。 With the addition of the Tree of Life spiritual power, the balance was broken.
加上虫母狂化，神智也因为极致愤怒而陷入不管不顾中，虫母的精神核终于出现了损伤。
Coupled with the madness of the worm mother, the mind was also caught in disregard because of extreme anger, and the spiritual core of the worm mother was finally damaged.
趁他病要他命！王叶一见虫母精神核出现缺口，立刻钻了进去，开始操纵虫巢疯狂吸收虫母的精神力。
Take advantage of his illness to kill him! As soon as Wang Ye saw that there was a gap in the spiritual core of the insect mother, he immediately drilled into it and began to manipulate the insect nest to frantically absorb the spiritual power of the insect mother.
虫母在最后的最后，想要自爆。 At the end of the day, the mother worm wants to blow herself up.
它先从内部开始。 It starts with the inside.
正在疯狂夺取虫母精神力的王叶几乎瞬间就察觉到虫母想干什么，他用最快速度把几位师父一起收入虫巢空间。
Wang Ye, who was frantically seizing the spiritual power of the insect mother, sensed what the insect mother wanted to do almost instantly, and he used the fastest speed to put several masters into the insect hive space together.
瞬间！他们原本站立的地方被炸开。 Moment! The place where they were standing was blown open.
“啊啊啊！去哪里了！去哪里了！”虫母疯了，它都内部自爆了，可却没有炸到任何一个敌人，这让它怎么能接受？
"Ahhh Where have you gone! Where have you gone! "The worm mother is crazy, it has exploded inside, but it hasn't blown up any enemies, how can it accept it?
“合力！杀！”大祭司木守也在此时绞出身体中最后一些能量，并调用圣庭中的所有力量，一起去攻击虫母的身体。
"Heli! Kill! At this time, the high priest Mu Shou also wrenched out the last bit of energy in his body, and summoned all the forces in the Holy Court to attack the body of the insect mother together.
虫母在彻底死亡前，怎么都没有想到它的结局会是这样。
Before the mother worm died completely, she never thought that it would end like this.
它最恨的就是用莫名其妙的东西绑住它的精神核，更钻入它精神核中窃取它精神力的小贼，这个小贼的存在让它连放弃身体逃脱都无法做到。
What it hates most is the thief who binds its spiritual core with something inexplicable, and even burrows into its spiritual core to steal its spiritual power, and the existence of this thief makes it unable to even give up its body and escape.
偏偏这个小贼就是被它以为是自己虫的叛徒！ But this thief is a traitor who he thinks is his own worm!
如果没有这个小贼，没有偷偷带路、背刺它的生命之树意识，它根本不可能一败涂地到连自己的性命都丢失的程度。
If it weren't for this thief, without the consciousness of the tree of life that secretly led the way and backstabbed it, it would not have been able to lose its own life in one fell swoop.
它好恨！到底是谁窃取了它的生命之液，是谁偷走了它的虫卵和能量库存，是谁？！
It's so hateful! Who stole its life fluid, who stole its eggs and energy stocks, who was it?!
虫母后悔了。 Mother Worm regretted it.
它就不应该贪心地想要融合两个半神的力量，它就应该早早地产出虫卵，早早地培育出王虫，然后偷偷地寄生这些木精灵，让这些木精灵全都成为它这一系寄生虫的养料。
It shouldn't be greedy to fuse the power of the two demigods, it should lay eggs early, breed king insects early, and then secretly parasitize these wood elves, so that these wood elves can all become the nourishment of its parasites.
不过这些木精灵，还有这些参战的人类也别想好过！ But don't think about these wood elves, as well as these humans who participated in the war!
它就算死，也不会放过他们。 Even if it dies, it won't let them go.
它释放出的那些病毒，就是无解，除非还有同种的虫母或王虫出现，才有可能回收这些病毒，否则这些病毒一定会不断扩散，包括它死去的身体，每一分每一毫也都会化作病毒肆虐这个世界！
The viruses it releases are insolvable, unless there is a mother worm or king worm of the same species, it is possible to recover these viruses, otherwise these viruses will continue to spread, including its dead body, every minute will also turn into a virus to ravage the world!
哈哈哈，都陪我一起死吧，都去死吧！ Hahaha, die with me, die!
你们谁都别想逃过！一个都别想！ None of you will ever try to escape! Don't even think about it!
虫母在不甘心和满腔仇恨中，就此消亡。 In her unwillingness and hatred, the mother worm died.
怪物的身躯倒下了。 The monster's body fell.
大祭司木守也力竭从空中落下，但她硬是让自己远离了那恶心的怪物。
High Priestess Kimori also fell from the sky with all her might, but she managed to keep herself away from the disgusting monster.
木精灵族长翡睿和长老团们这时全都连动弹都不能动弹，他们的能量几乎被抽取一空，每个看起来都像是老了二三十岁。
The Wood Elf Patriarch Fei Rui and the Elders were all unable to move at this time, their energy was almost drained, and each of them looked like they were twenty or thirty years older.
整个圣庭的地面几乎被打穿了，怪物原本站立的孤岛也消失了，圣庭中间出现了一个形状不规则的深渊，最下方几乎能看到深红色的岩浆在滚动，深渊的边沿就是圣庭围墙。
The entire floor of the Holy Court was almost pierced, and the isolated island where the monster used to stand disappeared, and an irregularly shaped abyss appeared in the middle of the Holy Court, and crimson magma could almost be seen rolling at the bottom, and the edge of the abyss was the wall of the Holy Court.
王叶也瘫了。 Wang Ye was also paralyzed.
他吃撑了…… He fed up......
虫老、兰道和闻笛则都在闭眼消化涌入他们身体的大量能量。
Worm Lao, Landau, and Wendi were all closing their eyes to digest the vast amount of energy pouring into their bodies.
是的，他们能坚持到现在、能和一个半神对轰到现在还没有重伤一个，更没有死亡者出现，最大原因就是他们的弟子在偷偷转移虫母的能量进入他们体内。
Yes, the biggest reason why they have been able to hold on until now, and who have not seriously injured a single demigod until now, let alone the dead, is that their disciples are secretly transferring the energy of the worm mother into their bodies.
虫母到死都没有察觉它的能量之所以流失那么快，伤势也恢复得那么慢，根本不是因为大祭司的自爆，也不是因为那突然变得让它难以忍受的空气，而是有人在窃取它的能量。
The Mother Worm didn't realize until she died that the reason why its energy was draining so quickly and that it was recovering so slowly from its injuries was not because of the High Priest's self-detonation, nor because of the air that suddenly became unbearable, but because someone was stealing its energy.
虫母只察觉到有人在夺取它的精神力。 The mother worm only sensed that someone was stealing its spiritual power.
不过也就因为精神核被攻击、精神力被夺取，它才会没有注意到能量大量流失的源头之一在哪里。
However, it was only because the spiritual core was attacked and the spiritual power was seized that it did not notice where one of the sources of the massive loss of energy was.
雷木是所有人中第一个睁开眼睛的。 Raimu was the first of them all to open his eyes.
金宝着急地扒拉着他的耳朵。 Jinbao tugged at his ears anxiously.
雷木抓住金宝揉了揉，看着前方竖立的圣庭围墙无声无息地消失。
Lei Mu grabbed Jinbao and rubbed it, watching the walls of the Holy Court erected in front of him disappear silently.
这些围墙就是大祭司木守的能量，当木守能量消耗到底，这些围墙自然也就留存不住了。
These walls are the energy of the high priest Mu Shou, and when the energy of Mu Shou is consumed to the end, these walls will naturally not be able to remain.
雷木忽然皱了皱眉，随着圣庭围墙消失，他感觉有什么让他不舒服的东西流了出来。
Remu frowned suddenly, and as the walls of the Holy Court vanished, he felt something that made him uncomfortable leak out.
雷木头顶的翡翠小角发出微微光芒，小角上的两个小芽芽精神地竖立起来。
The small jade horn on the top of Lei Mu's head shone slightly, and the two small buds on the small horn stood up spiritually.
雷木整个身体都被翡翠小角发出的微光包围，连同被他抓着的金宝一起。
Lei Mu's entire body was surrounded by the faint light emitted by the small jade horn, along with the Jinbao he was holding.
但雷木却没察觉这点，因为这微光太淡太淡，加上这又是白天，他就没有注意到。
But Remu didn't notice this, because the glimmer was too faint, and it was daytime, so he didn't notice it.
雷木拍着小翅膀飞进圣庭。 Raimu flapped his little wings and flew into the Holy Court.
他先经过木精灵族长和长老们，就给他们一个喂了一瓶恢复药剂。
He first passed by the Wood Elf Patriarch and the Elders, and then fed each of them a bottle of recovery potion.
翡睿和长老们用眼睛表示感谢，他们真的是被榨干了，这瓶恢复药剂来的非常及时，至少服用了药剂的他们再歇息片刻就能自己坐起来。
Fei Rui and the elders thanked them with their eyes, they were really squeezed dry, this bottle of recovery potion came very timely, at least they could sit up on their own after taking the potion for a few more rests.
只要他们能动弹，自然也能取用自己携带的药剂，和用其他方法赶紧恢复身体。
As long as they can move, they will naturally be able to use the potions they carry and use other methods to quickly recover their bodies.
雷木也给大祭司木守灌了一瓶药剂。 Remu also poured a bottle of potion on the high priest Mu Shou.
实际上对于木守现在的情况，他也不知道该怎么办。 In fact, he didn't know what to do about Mu Shou's current situation.
木守并没有完全躺在地上，她下半身的藤蔓像是躺椅一样支撑住了她，让她斜坐在地面上。
Kimori wasn't completely lying on the ground, the vines in her lower body supported her like a chaise long, allowing her to sit reclining on the ground.
长长的墨绿色的枝叶变成衣袍覆盖住大祭司的身体。 The long, dark green branches and leaves turned into robes that covered the high priest's body.
“大祭司，您需要我做什么吗？”雷木停在半空询问。 "High Priestess, do you need me to do anything?" Remu stopped in mid-air and asked.
木守在虫母倒下后，睁开的眼睛又闭上了。 After the mother worm fell, Kimori's eyes closed again.
大祭司似乎感知到什么，脸上露出淡淡的微笑，面朝雷木道：“我没事，你去找你的伙伴吧。”
The high priest seemed to sense something, a faint smile appeared on his face, and he said to Lei Mu: "I'm fine, you go find your partner." ”
雷木也没客气，转头就飞去虫母尸体那边。 Lei Mu was not polite, turned his head and flew to the corpse of the insect mother.
大祭司面朝雷木方向，她刚才感知得非常清楚，那个小家伙浑身都是生命之树的气息。
The High Priestess was facing in the direction of Thunderwood, and she had just sensed very clearly that the little guy was covered in the breath of the Tree of Life.
不，和生命之树还是有一点点不一样的，似乎更加…… No, it's still a little different from the Tree of Life, it seems to be more ......
她也无法形容雷木的气息，但雷木靠近她时，那气息让她非常舒服。
She couldn't describe Thunderwood's breath, but when Thunderwood was close to her, it made her very comfortable.
就像她小时候第一次见到生命之树，坐在树下编织花环，而生命之树垂下枝叶轻轻抚摸她的头发。
Just like when she was a child, she saw the Tree of Life for the first time, sitting under it and weaving a wreath, and the Tree of Life drooped its branches and gently stroked her hair.
雷木带着金宝，当着几位木精灵大佬的面，就这么消失。
但现在所有在场的木精灵大佬们都已经猜出这个小幼崽和那个人类小孩之一肯定拥有一种特别的空间，他们可以自由进出并躲入那个空间中。
But now all the Wood Elf bosses present had guessed that this little cub and one of the human children must have a special kind of space in which they could freely come and go and hide in.
雷木一进虫巢，看到几位师父，就下意识说道：“有点不对劲。”
As soon as Lei Mu entered the hive and saw several masters, he subconsciously said, "Something is wrong. ”
小云蹦跶过来，也跟着嚷嚷：“是吧，我也觉得他们身上的味道不对头。哎呀，不是味道，我也说不出来，反正就是他们身上都带了不好的东西，他们还把那些坏东西带进来了！”
Xiao Yun jumped over and shouted, "Yes, I also think that the smell on them is wrong." Oops, it's not the taste, I can't tell, anyway, they all brought bad things with them, and they brought those bad things in! ”
王叶整个人四仰八叉地瘫在地上，原本看着好像能懒到天荒地老，结果一听雷木和小云的对话，他立刻一骨碌就坐了起来，还迅速跑到几位师父身边，一边查看他们的情况，一边问小云：“什么坏东西？”
Wang Ye was paralyzed on the ground on all fours, originally looking as if he could be lazy until he was old, but as soon as he heard the conversation between Lei Mu and Xiaoyun, he immediately sat up, and quickly ran to several masters, and asked Xiaoyun while checking their situation: "What bad thing?" ”
小云不知道该怎么形容。 Xiaoyun didn't know how to describe it.
雷木也无法说清楚，只说几位师父，包括外面的空气都让他感到不太舒服。
Lei Mu couldn't explain clearly, only a few masters, including the air outside, made him feel uncomfortable.
“是特效石棉粉吗？”王叶第一个想到的就是这个。 "Is it special asbestos powder?" This was the first thing that came to Wang Ye's mind.
雷木和小云一起摇头。 Lei Mu and Xiao Yun shook their heads together.
王叶蹙眉，先把几位师父待着的地方隔离起来。 Wang Ye frowned, and first isolated the place where several masters were staying.
闻笛忽然睁开眼睛，就见他神色凝重地道：“我被感染了。”
Wen Di suddenly opened his eyes, and saw him say with a solemn expression: "I am infected." ”
王叶一惊。 Wang Ye was taken aback.
感染？被什么感染？病毒？ Infect? Infected by what? Virus?
闻笛师父可是距离药王只差一步的大佬级超凡者，他会被病毒感染吗？
Master Wendi is a bigwig-level transcendent who is only one step away from the Medicine King, will he be infected by the virus?
王叶简直无法想象闻笛师父感冒咳嗽的模样。 Wang Ye couldn't imagine the appearance of Master Wendi's cold and cough.
偏在此时，虫老也睁开眼睛，同样神色不快地说道：“那虫母我知道是什么来历了。能让超凡者也倒霉的疫病可不多。那虫母九成是远古疫病虫的后代。”
At this time, the insect elder also opened his eyes, and said with the same unhappy expression: "I know what the origin of the worm mother is." There aren't many plagues that can bring bad luck to the transcendent. Ninety percent of the mothers are the offspring of ancient blight. ”
“疫病虫？”王叶想起虫老给他的虫谱远古篇上，确实有疫病虫的介绍，而且还占了相当大的篇幅。
"Blight?" Wang Ye remembered that in the ancient chapter of the insect spectrum given to him by the insect elder, there was indeed an introduction to blight, pests, and insects, and it also took up a considerable amount of space.
“对。这种虫子非常讨厌也非常麻烦，远古时期，包括中古时期，双月星曾有过几次大型疫病潮。包括海族和地底族在内，几乎没有任何一个种族能逃脱，全世界范围各种疫病横行，很多种族之所以躲入秘境并封闭秘境，据说就和疫病潮有关。”
"Yes. This bug is very annoying and troublesome, and in ancient times, including the Middle Ages, there were several large waves of epidemics on the Twin Moon Star. Almost no race, including the Sea Clan and the Underground Clan, can escape, and all kinds of epidemics are rampant all over the world, and the reason why many races hide in the secret realm and close the secret realm is said to be related to the epidemic tide. ”
虫老说起疫病虫就满脸厌恶。 When the insect elder talks about the blight, his face is full of disgust.
“真没想到寄生生命之树的竟然是这种虫子！幸好及时发现并干掉了它，否则……那可是虫母，它生出的虫子，不管是什么种类，都会具有疫病虫的特征，也就是能传播各种疫病。让这种虫子寄生整个木精灵族……”
"I didn't expect this bug to be the one that parasitizes the Tree of Life! Luckily, it was found and killed in time, otherwise...... It is a mother worm, and the worms it gives birth to, no matter what kind of worm it is, will have the characteristics of blight insects, that is, it can transmit all kinds of blight diseases. Let this bug parasitize the entire Wood Elf Clan......"
虫老精神上打了个寒颤，这种未来太可怕了！ The worm old man shuddered mentally, this kind of future is too terrifying!
“这种疫病虫就算死了，尸体都会变成疫病源头。对了，赶紧把外面那个虫母的尸体焚烧掉，要烧得干干净净，多留一会儿，都是麻烦！”虫老立刻吩咐。
"Even if this blight insect dies, the corpse will become the source of the blight. By the way, hurry up and burn the corpse of the insect mother outside, it must be burned clean, and it will be troublesome to stay for a while! The worm elder immediately commanded.
第267章 清零的威胁 Chapter 267: The Threat of Clearing
【木精灵秘境任务链之五：紧急任务！寄生虫族疫病系虫母意识死亡后留下了无数病毒，这些病毒可以寄生任何一个生命体，并可单独在土壤、水流和空气中存活整整一百天，不受高温和低温影响，一旦流出，后果不堪设想。请玩家隔壁小王务必回收和销毁所有病毒。任务完成，玩家将获得经验值一百万点奖励，以及木精灵的好感。】
[Wood Elf Secret Realm Quest Chain No. 5: Emergency Mission!] The parasitic insect disease is left behind countless viruses after the death of the mother consciousness, these viruses can parasitize any living organism, and can survive in the soil, water and air alone for a full hundred days, unaffected by high and low temperatures, once out, the consequences are unimaginable. Please be sure to recover and destroy all viruses. Upon completion of the mission, the player will be rewarded with 1,000,000 XP points and the goodwill of the Wood Elves. 】
【注意！该任务不但有奖励，也有惩罚，一旦让病毒流出木精灵圣地，玩家隔壁小王所有经验值会被立即清空，玩家等级将回到零级，相应技能也将被封锁。】
【Attention! This task not only has rewards, but also punishments, once the virus flows out of the Wood Elf Holy Land, all the experience points of the player next door will be immediately emptied, the player's level will return to level zero, and the corresponding skills will also be blocked. 】
王叶：我有一句话很想讲！ Wang Ye: I have a sentence I really want to say!
虽然系统很坑，但疫病这事真不能耽搁，王叶麻利地滚出虫巢去解决问题了。
Although the system is very pitiful, the epidemic really can't be delayed, and Wang Ye quickly rolled out of the hive to solve the problem.
怪不得虫母死了，系统还没给他计算奖励，看来如果不能把病毒这个问题解决掉，系统就不会认可他完成任务。
No wonder the worm mother is dead, the system hasn't calculated the reward for him, it seems that if the problem of the virus can't be solved, the system will not recognize him to complete the task.
不过系统也没坑到家，还是给了他一些提醒。 However, the system didn't get home, and it still gave him some reminders.
系统没用“焚毁”这个词，也说明了高温和低温对病毒无效，这就说明光焚尸没用。
The system does not use the word "incineration", which also shows that high and low temperatures are ineffective against the virus, which means that the light incineration is useless.
可系统提到了“回收”这个词，这就说明王叶应该有办法处理这些病毒和虫母尸体。
But the system mentions the word "recycling", which means that Wang Ye should have a way to deal with these viruses and insect mother corpses.
回收那肯定是用虫巢回收了。 Recycling, that must be recycled with a hive.
王叶暂时还不知道要如何彻底毁灭虫母尸体和病毒，但可以先集中到虫巢中隔离起来再说。
Wang Ye didn't know how to completely destroy the corpse of the insect mother and the virus for the time being, but he could first gather in the insect nest and isolate it.
这事还得跟木精灵解释一番。 I'll have to explain this to the Wood Elves.
结果王叶刚开口，大祭司木守就说道：“我也感觉到了，所以我用能量把整个圣地都封锁了，现在开始，只要疫病元素没解决，谁都不能离开圣地。”
As a result, as soon as Wang Ye spoke, the high priest Mu Shou said: "I also feel it, so I used my energy to block the entire holy land, and from now on, as long as the epidemic element is not solved, no one can leave the holy land." ”
木守有点后悔，她要是更早一点发现，就可以把疫病元素都困在圣庭范围内。可惜她当时能量几乎耗尽，已经无力维持圣庭结界。
Mu Shou regretted a little, if she had found out earlier, she would have been able to trap all the epidemic elements within the scope of the Holy Court. It's a pity that she was almost exhausted at that time, and she was no longer able to maintain the Holy Court Barrier.
幸好圣地和整个木精灵秘境是分开的，只要光门不打开，圣地就是封闭状态。而目前能打开光门的精灵都已经在圣地中。
Fortunately, the Holy Land and the entire Wood Elf Secret Realm are separated, and as long as the light door is not opened, the Holy Land is closed. And the elves who can open the door of light are already in the Holy Land.
王叶和雷木惊讶地看着这位大祭司。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu looked at the high priest in surprise.
他们惊讶的是，这位大祭司原本墨绿色的长发全白了，还是那种枯白，没有一点光泽。
To their surprise, the high priest's long, dark green hair was all white, still that white and without a trace of luster.
雷木更惊讶，因为他刚才飞进圣庭时，这位大祭司的头发还是墨绿色，可就这么一会儿工夫，就变成枯白，这说明她就在这一会儿工夫中察觉到疫病元素存在，就毫不犹豫当机立断地榨出最后的能量，只为封锁住整个圣地，好让疫病元素不扩散出去。
Lei Mu was even more surprised, because when he flew into the Holy Court just now, the high priest's hair was still dark green, but after a while, it turned white, which means that she sensed the existence of the blight element in this moment's work, so she did not hesitate to squeeze out the last energy, just to seal the entire holy land, so that the blight element would not spread.
而所有超凡者都知道，当你能量耗尽时，最好就是静养，让能量和精神力慢慢恢复，而不是继续去榨干自己，那样损耗的将会是根源。
And all transcendent beings know that when you run out of energy, it is best to recuperate, let the energy and mental power slowly recover, rather than continue to drain yourself, then the loss will be the root.
雷木对这位大祭司郑重地行了个战士礼。 Reim solemnly bowed to the high priest.
小小的幼崽拍着小翅膀悬在半空行战士礼，大祭司都看笑了。
The little cub flapped its little wings and hung in the air in a warrior salute, and the high priest laughed.
“来。”大祭司对雷木招手。 "Come on." The High Priest beckoned to Raim.
雷木迟疑一下，就飞了过去。 Remu hesitated for a moment, then flew over.
大祭司伸手抱住他。 The high priest stretched out his hand and embraced him.
雷木有点尴尬，但还是让她抱住了。 Remu was a little embarrassed, but let her hold it anyway.
忽然，雷木感到自己手心里似乎被塞了什么。 Suddenly, Remu felt as if something was being stuffed in his palm.
但大祭司修长的手指按住了他的嘴唇。 But the high priest's slender fingers pressed his lips.
一道声音传入雷木耳中：“你拥有精灵空间对吗？不要怕，我不会说出去。不过你对精灵空间了解吗？如果不了解，就好好看我给你的这个东西，它很重要，收好它。”
A voice came into Lei Mu's ear: "You have the elven space, right?" Don't be afraid, I won't say it. But do you know anything about the elven space? If you don't understand, just look at this thing I gave you, it's very important, put it away. ”
雷木早就想过他的精灵空间会暴露——别人看不出来，像大祭司这种级别的半神精灵，怎么可能看不出来？
Lei Mu had long thought that his elven space would be exposed—others couldn't see it, how could a demigod elf of the level of a high priest not be able to see it?
雷木默默地把那东西收入精灵空间。 Thunderwood silently put the thing into the elven space.
随后雷木就用精神力跟王叶说明了大祭司的情况，然后道：“叶子，给我一点灵液。”
Then Lei Mu used his spiritual power to explain the situation of the high priest to Wang Ye, and then said, "Yezi, give me a little spiritual liquid." ”
王叶给了雷木一个白眼，也用精神力回：“你自己就能去拿，不用跟我打招呼。”
Wang Ye gave Lei Mu a roll of his eyes, and replied with his mental power: "You can go and get it yourself, you don't need to say hello to me." ”
雷木笑笑，没把王叶说的话放在心上。他们是好兄弟好伙伴，可亲兄弟还明算账呢，他怎么可能真的把小叶子的东西都当成自己的。
Lei Mu smiled, not taking what Wang Ye said to heart. They are good brothers and good partners, but the brothers still settle accounts, how can he really take Xiaoyezi's things as his own.
王叶也拿这样的雷木没办法，也许正因为这点，他才会对雷木不止是喜爱，还有尊重。
Wang Ye can't do anything about Lei Mu like this, maybe because of this, he not only loves Lei Mu, but also respects Lei Mu.
分寸，本来就是很难掌握的一件事。 Proportionality is a difficult thing to master.
远了，让人感到生分。可你真的随意，也许又会让人感到贪婪和厌烦。
It's far away, and it makes people feel angry. But you are really casual, and maybe it will make people feel greedy and bored.
王叶不止拿出一瓶灵液，他还拿出了一大罐的生命之液。
Wang Ye not only took out a bottle of spiritual liquid, he also took out a large jar of liquid of life.
他还顺便把生命之液转移了一半到雷木的精灵空间中。别以为他不知道生命之树愿意把这东西的下落告诉他们，看的其实都是雷木的面子。
He also transferred half of the liquid of life to the elven space of Thunderwood by the way. Don't think he doesn't know that the Tree of Life is willing to tell them the whereabouts of this thing, it's actually Lei Mu's face.
否则生命之树完全可以等虫母死后，让木精灵取出这些生命之液。
Otherwise, the Tree of Life could have waited for the mother worm to die and let the wood elves take out these life liquids.
只能说生命之树也有偏爱，祂同样更偏爱自己的孩子，希望在临死前把好东西都给他。
It can only be said that the tree of life also has a preference, and he also prefers his own children, hoping to give him all the good things before he dies.
可雷木这个大傻子，竟然把这么宝贵的东西都给了他。 But Lei Mu, a big fool, actually gave him such a precious thing.
至于灵液，这东西拿出来不立即使用的话，要不了多久能量就会溢散，所以只能存放在钟乳石洞中。
As for the spiritual liquid, if this thing is not used immediately, it will not be long before the energy will overflow, so it can only be stored in the stalactite cave.
雷木感知到，很无奈地瞥了眼王叶。他平时不开口，就是担心这点，小叶子简直恨不得把所有好东西都塞给他。
Lei Mu sensed it and glanced at Wang Ye helplessly. He usually doesn't speak, just because he is worried about this, Xiao Yezi can't wait to stuff all the good things to him.
当生命之液进入精灵空间，雷木就本能地就知道那是什么。
When the liquid of life entered the elven space, Thunderwood instinctively knew what it was.
而且有意思的是，精灵空间在感知到生命之液的一瞬间，它的一角竟然出现了一个小小的池子，生命之液自动进入了那个池子中。
And what's interesting is that the moment the elf space perceives the liquid of life, a small pool appears in one corner of it, and the liquid of life automatically enters that pool.
大祭司看着王叶送给她的一瓶灵液和一罐生命之液，哑巴了。
The high priest looked at the bottle of spiritual liquid and the jar of life liquid that Wang Ye gave her, and was dumbfounded.
族长翡睿和长老们这时稍微恢复了一些，也都走了过来。
Patriarch Fei Rui and the elders recovered a little at this time, and they all came over.
大祭司饮下灵液，又默默地服下十滴生命之液。 The high priest drank the spiritual liquid and silently swallowed ten drops of the liquid of life.
生命之液不愧是最佳的生命力补充物，已经伤及根源的木守在服下十滴生命之液后，她的头发虽然没有立刻转为墨绿色，但明显出现了光泽，枯白变成了银白，还挺好看。
The Liquid of Life is worthy of being the best vitality supplement, and after taking ten drops of the Liquid of Life, Mu Shou, who has already injured the root, although her hair did not immediately turn dark green, it obviously appeared shiny, and the withered white turned into a silver white, which was quite beautiful.
大祭司坐起身，藤蔓自动在她身下形成一张宽大的椅子，托起她。
The High Priestess sat up, and the vines automatically formed a wide chair beneath her, holding her up.
翡睿率领长老团单膝跪下，对大祭司行礼。 Philip led the group of elders to kneel on one knee and salute the high priest.
大祭司这时还抱着雷木，雷木见此，连忙就要离开，但大祭司轻轻按住了他。
The high priest was still holding Lei Mu at this time, and when Lei Mu saw this, he hurriedly wanted to leave, but the high priest gently held him down.
而翡睿和长老团也浑然不觉他们行礼的对象还多了一个小幼崽一样。
And Fei Rui and the elders didn't realize that they were saluting with a little cub.
雷木：“……” Raimi: "......"
王叶有点不爽。这是想干嘛？想造成既定事实，强行留下他的木木吗？做梦！
Wang Ye was a little unhappy. What is this trying to do? Do you want to create an established fact and forcibly leave his Mumu behind? Dream!
大祭司挥手，几滴生命之液浮起，为了防止被病毒感染，还用能量包裹着。
The High Priest waved his hand, and a few drops of the liquid of life floated, wrapped in energy to prevent infection by the virus.
翡睿和长老们露出惊喜之色，忙各服下一滴生命之液。 Fei Rui and the elders looked surprised, and each took a drop of the liquid of life.
他们虽然也能量耗尽，但并没有伤及本源，这时服用一滴生命之液对他们好处很大。
Although they also ran out of energy, they did not harm the origin, and taking a drop of life liquid at this time was very beneficial to them.
大祭司收起剩下的生命之液，她也没问王叶，这么多生命之液是哪里来的，甚至没问王叶还有没有。她只对王叶郑重表示了感谢。
The high priest put away the remaining liquid of life, and she didn't ask Wang Ye where so much liquid of life came from, and she didn't even ask Wang Ye if he still had it. She only solemnly expressed her gratitude to Wang Ye.
而她感谢的方式之一就是把自己的一滴血滴入王叶的左手背。
And one of the ways she thanked was to drop a drop of her own blood into the back of Wang Ye's left hand.
于是，王叶的左手背上又多出了一个叶片印记，而且这个印记竟然和之前的两个精灵印记结合了。
As a result, there was another leaf mark on the back of Wang Ye's left hand, and this mark was actually combined with the previous two spirit marks.
代表水和土的魔纹归入叶片中，小小的叶片也像是活了过来，竟然活灵活现地在王叶左手背上扭了扭。
The magic patterns representing water and earth were included in the leaves, and the small leaves seemed to come to life, and they were vividly twisted on the back of Wang Ye's left hand.
大祭司温柔地对王叶说道：“这不止是代表精灵族友谊的印记，它同样连接了我的力量，如果你遇到危险，呼唤我的名字，再激发这个印记，它可以给予你保护。而这份保护将持续到我死亡那天。不过就算我死了，这份印记也不会消失，见到这个印记的木系精灵都会视你为真正的族人。”
The high priest said softly to Wang Ye: "This is not only a mark representing the friendship of the elves, it also connects my power, if you are in danger, call my name, and then activate this mark, it can give you protection." And this protection will last until the day I die. But even if I die, this mark will not disappear, and the wood elves who see this mark will regard you as a real clansman. ”
王叶摸摸手背，这份礼不轻。半神级的保护啊，他是不是可以随便浪了？
Wang Ye touched the back of his hand, this gift was not light. Demigod-level protection, can he wave casually?
好吧，他就是随便想想。他也知道人家大祭司不可能把全部能量都用来保护他，顶多在危急关头帮他挡上一挡，中间说不定传输还需要时间，传输途中能量也有损耗等等。
Well, he just thinks about it. He also knew that it was impossible for the high priest to use all his energy to protect him, at most he would help him block it at a critical moment, and maybe it would take time to transmit in the middle, and there would be a loss of energy during the transmission, etc.
王叶乱七八糟想了一堆，而大祭司已经在跟长老和族长翡睿说明疫病元素的事。
Wang Ye thought about it in a mess, and the high priest was already explaining the matter of the blight element to the elder and patriarch Philippe.
翡睿和长老们都变了颜色。 Philip and the elders both changed color.
一名实力最低的年轻长老开口：“我其实已经有感觉了，我应该已经被感染。”
One of the youngest young elders spoke, "I actually already have feelings, I should have been infected. ”
另几名长老也露出苦笑，就在刚才他们力量耗尽的时候，加上看到怪物倒下，他们心神就松懈了，之后身体就特别疲累，当时他们没多想，现在想想，也许那个时候疫病元素也钻入了他们的身体。
The other elders also showed a wry smile, just now when their strength was exhausted, and when they saw the monster falling, their minds relaxed, and then their bodies were very tired, they didn't think much about it at the time, but now that they think about it, maybe the blight element also burrowed into their bodies at that time.
族长翡睿很冷静：“大祭司您说要怎么做？” Patriarch Fei Rui was very calm: "High Priest, what do you say you want to do?" ”
长老澧河是族里最高级的药师，他立即道：“我来研究这疫病元素，看有什么药物能治疗。”
Elder Li He was the highest-ranking pharmacist in the clan, and he immediately said, "I'll study this epidemic element and see what medicine can cure it." ”
大祭司微微抬手：“我打算焚烧圣地。” The high priest raised his hand slightly: "I plan to burn the holy land." ”
“不能烧！”王叶插话。 "Can't burn!" Wang Ye interjected.
木精灵大佬们一起看向他。 The Wood Elf bosses looked at him together.
王叶半点没有被大佬们注视的紧张感，反而一派自然地道：“我了解这种虫子，比你们了解。这是寄生虫族中的疫病系虫母，而这系的虫母经过一代代进化，到了这只虫母这一代，它能释放的病毒也就是疫病元素已经达到高温和极低温也无法消灭的程度，更何况它还融合了生命之树，让这些病毒的生命力变得更加顽强，所以只焚烧没有用。”
Wang Ye didn't feel the nervousness of being watched by the big guys, but said naturally: "I know this kind of bug, better than you." This is the mother of the epidemic line in the parasitic insect family, and the mother of this line has evolved from generation to generation, and in the generation of this mother worm, the virus it can release, that is, the epidemic element, has reached the extent that high temperature and extremely low temperature cannot be eliminated, not to mention that it also fuses the tree of life, making the vitality of these viruses more tenacious, so it is useless to only burn. ”
木精灵大佬们一起皱起眉头。 The Wood Elf bosses frowned together.
族长翡睿和声问道：“那你有什么好办法？” Patriarch Fei Rui asked in a harmonious voice, "Then what do you have to do?" ”
王叶摊手：“我的方法就是先把这些病毒收拢起来，我把它存到我的空间里单独隔离，然后再看用什么办法能消灭。”
Wang Ye spread his hands: "My method is to collect these viruses first, I will store them in my space and isolate them individually, and then see what method can be used to eliminate them." ”
“可这也是治标不治根。”长老澧河摇头。 "But this is also a palliative rather than a cure." Elder Li He shook his head.
族长翡睿的眼睛却亮了：“如果可以能先集中起来隔离最好，圣地不可能一直封着，我们也不可能一直不出去。消灭疫病元素的事可以再想办法。”
Patriarch Fei Rui's eyes lit up: "It would be best if we could gather together and isolate first, the holy land can't be sealed all the time, and we can't keep going out all the time." The matter of eradicating the disease element can be thought of again. ”
长老们互看。 The elders looked at each other.
翡睿又问王叶：“你要怎么收拢这些看不见摸不着的疫病元素？又怎么能确保这些疫病元素不会跑出你的空间？”
Fei Rui asked Wang Ye again: "How do you collect these invisible and intangible epidemic elements?" And how can you be sure that these plague elements don't run out of your space? ”
王叶也没什么把握：“我不能保证，我只能试试看。” Wang Ye was not sure: "I can't guarantee it, I can only try." ”
“等等！”雷木忽然出声。 "Wait!" Raimu suddenly spoke.
王叶立刻看向雷木。 Wang Ye immediately looked at Lei Mu.
雷木面露惊讶，看向那具怪物尸体。 Reimu looked at the monster corpse with a look of surprise.
王叶也跟着看了过去。他觉得他好像遗忘了什么。 Wang Ye also followed. He felt as if he had forgotten something.
直到他看到那具怪物尸体忽然动了一下。 Until he saw the monster corpse suddenly move.
啊！他忘了生命之树的意识还在那具怪物尸体里面。嗐，都是吃太多导致脑子反应都慢了。
Yes! He forgot that the consciousness of the Tree of Life was still inside the monster's corpse. Whew, it's because I eat too much and my brain reacts slowly.
不对，就不应该说那是尸体。 No, it shouldn't be said to be a corpse.
虫母的意识虽然消失了，但那具怪物身体并没有彻底死亡，还有生机的。类似脑死？
Although the consciousness of the worm mother has disappeared, the monster's body is not completely dead, and it is still alive. Similar to brain death?
而现在生命之树的意识出现，那这具怪物身体自然也就活了。
And now that the consciousness of the Tree of Life has appeared, then this monster body will naturally live.
雷木复述生命之树告诉他的内容：“生命之树说它能回收这些病毒。”
Thunderwood recounted what the Tree of Life told him: "The Tree of Life says it can recycle these viruses. ”
木精灵大佬们一起惊讶地望向那个怪物。 The Wood Elf bosses looked at the monster in amazement.
大祭司木守则出现了微微激动之色，她刚刚就想问王叶，生命之树的意识在哪里，可因为疫病元素的事更重要，她只能把这个问题押后。
High Priest Mu Code appeared slightly excited, she just wanted to ask Wang Ye where the consciousness of the Tree of Life was, but because the matter of the epidemic element was more important, she could only postpone this question.
“您还好吗？”大祭司呢喃。 "Are you okay?" The High Priest murmured.
雷木对大祭司说道：“祂说祂还行，给祂一点时间，祂需要适应那具身体。”
Remu said to the High Priest, "He said He was okay, give Him a little time, He needs to get used to that body." ”
王叶脑中闪过什么，他再回忆系统刚刚发布的任务内容，才发现其中一个大漏洞，或者说是系统的一个提醒。
Something flashed through Wang Ye's mind, and he recalled the content of the task just released by the system, only to find one of the big loopholes, or a reminder from the system.
任务内容并没有要求回收和销毁虫母的尸体，而只是要求回收和销毁病毒。换言之，系统其实已经提前知道生命之树的意识有可能会接管那具怪物身体。
The mission does not call for the recovery and destruction of the corpse of the mother worm, but only the recovery and destruction of the virus. In other words, the system already knew in advance that the consciousness of the Tree of Life might take over the monster's body.
不对，那具身体本来也就应该是生命之树的，只是被虫母搞到变异罢了。
No, that body was supposed to be the Tree of Life, but it was just mutated by the Mother Worm.
就是生命之树的心情大概不会很好。 It's that the tree of life is probably not in a good mood.
你想啊，祂原本是给精灵和其他生灵带来勃勃生机和无限希望的“神树”，可现在却变成了暗藏一身病毒，只要祂想，就能把疾病和灾难和死亡走到哪里带到哪里的魔树。这种生命形态和生命意义的完全转变，还是负面的，换了谁，谁也受不了吧？
You think, what was originally the "sacred tree" that brought vitality and infinite hope to the elves and other creatures has now become a hidden virus, a magic tree that can take sickness, calamity, and death wherever he wants. Is this complete transformation of life form and meaning of life negative, and no one can stand it if it is replaced, right?
木精灵大佬们大概也想到了这一点，一个个表情都有些怪异。
The wood elf bosses probably thought of this too, and their expressions were a little weird.
雷木又看向王叶：“生命之树说让我们把圣庭中那些讨厌的粉末都弄掉，祂说那会妨碍它回收病毒和吸收能量。”
Lei Mu looked at Wang Ye again: "The Tree of Life said let's get rid of all those nasty powders in the Holy Court, and he said that would prevent it from recovering viruses and absorbing energy. ”
王叶为难：“那些特效石棉粉都混到尘土中了，我也没办法一粒粒都回收。”
Wang Ye was embarrassed: "Those special effects asbestos powder are mixed into the dust, and I can't recycle every grain of it." ”
大祭司问是怎么回事，弄明白后，摸了摸小雷木的软头毛，笑了笑，道：“再稍等一会儿，等我力量回复，我会把这里的土壤换一遍。”
The high priest asked what was going on, and after figuring it out, he touched the soft hair of Xiao Lei Mu, smiled, and said, "Wait a little longer, and when my strength recovers, I will change the soil here." ”
不管是什么粉末，只要不是不怕高温的疫病元素，她可以把所有表层土壤全都扔到最深处的岩浆中，包括空气中的粉尘。如此，生命之树的不适也就可以消失。
No matter what the powder is, as long as it's not a blight element that is not afraid of high temperatures, she can throw all the topsoil into the deepest lava, including the dust in the air. In this way, the discomfort of the tree of life will disappear.
族长翡睿看向大祭司，他心里为难，不知道该不该给生命之树送一些药剂或魔晶，便于祂补充能量和修复自身。
Patriarch Philip looked at the High Priest, and he wondered if he should send some potions or crystals to the Tree of Life so that he could replenish his energy and repair himself.
大祭司只看翡睿表情就知道他在想什么，这让她失笑，也让她心里很不是滋味。
The High Priestess knew what he was thinking just by looking at Philip's expression, which made her laugh and make her feel very uncomfortable.
生命之树只是生命形态和外貌产生变化，但它的灵魂本质还是原来那个生命之树，可木精灵们面对这样的生命之树已经再没有了之前的敬仰和尊崇之心。
The Tree of Life only changes its life form and appearance, but its soul essence is still the original Tree of Life, but the Wood Elves no longer have the same respect and reverence as before in the face of such a Tree of Life.
不能说完全没有，但肯定会有所疑虑。 It can't be said that there is no at all, but there will certainly be some doubts.
而且谁也不知道这样的生命之树以后是否还能产出生命之液，祂的树叶是否仍旧是灵药。
And no one knows if such a tree of life will be able to produce the liquid of life in the future, and whether its leaves will still be a elixir.
这千年来，因为大祭司日夜担心生命之树的生命力，除非必要，否则根本不会取生命之液，也不会摘取一片树叶。
For thousands of years, because the High Priest feared day and night about the vitality of the tree of life, he would not take the liquid of life at all, nor would he pluck a single leaf unless it was necessary.
这也就越发让木精灵不能肯定现在的生命之树是否还具有原来的功能。
This also makes the Wood Elves more and more uncertain whether the current Tree of Life still has the original function.
这话说起来可能有点功利，生命之树之所以被精灵族如此重视，也就因为祂的生命和精灵族息息相关。
This may be a bit utilitarian to say, but the reason why the Tree of Life is so valued by the Elves is because its life is closely related to the Elves.
可现在如果生命之树不能再履行祂原本的职责…… But now if the Tree of Life can no longer fulfill its original duties......
族长翡睿和几位长老又悄悄看了眼雷木，心中多少有些欣慰：幸好他们有了新的未来。
王叶非常不高兴木精灵大佬们打量雷木的眼神，这让他对雷木伸出手：“木木，过来，我们去看看生命之树。”
雷木立刻从大祭司怀抱里飞出来。
他现在特别明白王叶为什么不喜欢被人揉脑袋了。
虽然身体是孩子的身体，但灵魂不是啊，而且一个成年大男人被人揉脑袋也就算了，被一名女性像抱小孩一样抱着，那真的是太尴尬了。
就算大祭司的年龄完全可以做他的祖奶奶。
大祭司莞尔。这两个小家伙在想什么，她猜都能猜到。
不过有些事不适合现在就明说，最终还是得看雷木本身的意愿。
相当于被囚禁千年的她不想去为难任何一个自由的生命。
一个生命想要怎么过，别人可以给予建议，却不应该插手强掰，更不应该强迫对方的意愿，尤其在那个生命已经成年、已经足够对自己的人生负责后。
王叶看到怪物……生命之树的模样后，就知道想要让生命之树接管这具身体并不容易。
系统可是给了回收和销毁病毒一百万点的经验值，这么高的经验值会那么简单就让他得到吗？
用脚指头想都知道不可能。
“你感到不舒服，应该不止是特效石棉粉的缘故。更重要的是这具身体不适合你。”王叶对生命之树说道。
“而不适合的原因是虫母在临死前对自己的身体做了最终变异和定型，这就像小麦已经烤成了面包，想要把面包重新还原成小麦，基本已经不可能。唔，也许魔法可以做到让面包重新变回小麦，但现阶段的魔法绝对没办法把已经‘进化’完成的半神级身体重新退回到原样。”
王叶这段话说得很明白，包括生命之树在内，所有在场者都听懂了。
王叶还追加道：“这只虫母很坏，它知道自己的意识就要消散，而你的意识还存在，而这具身体是你们俩身体的融合体，也就是只要你意识还在，你依然可以对这具身体重新做调整，比如保持原来的生命之树的模样，甚至功能也都保持，而把虫母的基因……虫母的遗传元素都隐藏起来。”
“可这只虫母为了不把身体便宜你，就在最后锁死了状态，也就是定型了，它还把属于生命之树的遗传元素全都强行压制到身体最深处。”
木精灵大佬们最后抱有的那点希望也被王叶这几段话给打消了。
大祭司木守的表情不变，她还是十分温柔地望着变成怪物的生命之树。
雷木代替生命之树问：“有什么办法可以改变祂的生命形态吗？”
王叶认真道：“唯一的方法就是继续进化，想办法再次升级，只要打破现在的实力等级，也许可以打破被虫母锁死的状态，到时候生命之树自然想怎么调整自己的生命形态就怎么调整。”
王叶说得轻松，可在场者的表情却没有谁能轻松得起来。
生命之树现在就是半神级，祂再想突破，那就是得到神级。
The Tree of Life is now at the demigod level, and if he wants to break through, it will be to get the god level.
可如果生命之树能达到神灵级别，那拥有什么样的生命形态对祂还重要吗？
生命之树自己其实也知道这个方法，但祂不是指望这个奇特的小家伙能有其他更简单、更不花时间的方法嘛。
The Tree of Life knew how to do it itself, but he didn't expect anything simpler and less time-consuming from this peculiar little creature.
雷木又帮助生命之树询问：“怎么才能让祂更快速地掌控这具身体？祂想尽快回收病毒。”
Thunderwood helped the Tree of Life and asked, "How can I get Him to control this body more quickly?" He wanted to recover the virus as soon as possible. ”
王叶脑中冒出了一个非常大胆、非常疯狂的念头。 A very bold and crazy idea popped up in Wang Ye's mind.
这个念头刚冒出来，他就用力把它压了下去。 As soon as the thought came to him, he pressed it down.
可刚压下去，那念头就又蹿了出来。这次蹿得更高，让他想要假装没注意到都不行。
But as soon as I pressed it, the thought popped up again. This time he jumped even higher, so he couldn't even pretend he didn't notice.
“其实还有一个方法也许可以帮助生命之树更快掌握这具身体，并稍微改变一下生命形态。”王叶没有来得及捂住自己的嘴巴，这句话还是被他说了出来。
"Actually, there is another way to help the Tree of Life grasp this body more quickly and change the life form a little." Wang Ye didn't have time to cover his mouth, but he still said this sentence.
“什么方法？”雷木和大祭司异口同声问了出来。 "How?" Lei Mu and the high priest asked in unison.
王叶豁出去了，反正话都说去了，那就说到底吧：“让生命之树和我契约，我可以帮它再做一次生命形态调整，谈不上进化，只是调整，不过还需要你们提供大量的能量，比如高级魔晶。”
Wang Ye went out, anyway, it's all talked, so let's get to the end: "Let the Tree of Life make a contract with me, I can help it make another life form adjustment, it's not about evolution, it's just an adjustment, but it also needs you to provide a lot of energy, such as high-grade magic crystals." ”
王叶无法说得太明白，但雷木一听就懂了。 Wang Ye couldn't say it too clearly, but Lei Mu understood it as soon as he heard it.
他家胆大包天想要契约半神级生命之树的小叶子，应该是想利用虫巢的特性，帮助生命之树这个新异变的大虫子在虫巢内再次结茧重新调整。
His family had the audacity to contract with the small leaves of the demigod-level Tree of Life, probably to use the characteristics of the hive to help the newly mutated big insect of the Tree of Life form a cocoon in the hive and readjust.
这是虫巢的独有能力。 This is the unique ability of the hive.
而且还是和圣级魔法塔融合进阶后的虫巢才能勉强做到，换成进阶前的虫巢，王叶恐怕提都不会提这个方法——他不怕生命之树雀占鸠巢，但他怕半神把他的虫巢给撑炸了。
And it is only after fusing with the saint-level magic tower that the insect hive can barely do it, and if it is replaced by the insect hive before the advancement, Wang Ye probably won't mention this method - he is not afraid that the tree of life will occupy the dove's nest, but he is afraid that the demigod will blow up his insect hive.
木精灵大佬们心里下意识就在否决这个解决方案。 The Wood Elf bosses are subconsciously vetoing this solution.
哪怕生命之树的生命形态已经转变，这都是他们的半神级。他们怎么可能让他们的半神和一个人类小孩契约？
Even if the life form of the Tree of Life has changed, this is their demigod-level. How could they possibly have their demigods pact with a human child?
四舍五入，不是他们一个族都和这小孩契约了？ Rounding it off, isn't it that all of them have a contract with this kid?
不行不行，绝对不行！ No, no, absolutely not!
可令翡睿和长老们没有想到的是，大祭司在此时竟然笑着询问那个人类小孩：“是什么样的契约？”
But what Fei Rui and the elders didn't expect was that the high priest actually smiled and asked the human child at this time, "What kind of contract is it?" ”
王叶不假思索道：“伙伴契约。” Wang Ye said without thinking: "Partnership contract." ”
“类似于战兽伙伴契约，对吗？”大祭司一口道破。 "It's like a war beast companion contract, right?" The high priest broke the way.
王叶也坦然点头：“我也想用其他契约，但只有这种契约能起效果。”
Wang Ye also nodded calmly: "I also want to use other contracts, but only this kind of contract can be effective." ”
虫巢是他的，他就是虫巢的王，能进入虫巢进化的虫，当然要是他认可的伙伴（手下），否则虫巢会本能地拒绝对方，如果对方强行闯入，虫巢还会把其当做敌人排斥其。
The hive is his, he is the king of the hive, the worm that can enter the hive to evolve, of course, if it is his approved partner (subordinate), otherwise the hive will instinctively reject the other party, and if the other party forcibly breaks in, the hive will also treat it as an enemy and reject it.
只看他和雷木的精灵空间融合，都是以他的虫巢为主，就知道虫巢这东西本质有多霸道。
Just looking at the fusion of him and Lei Mu's elf space, they are all based on his hive, and you can know how domineering the nature of the hive is.
大祭司仍旧保持着温和的态度，他对这个人类小孩十分欣赏，而且要不是这个小孩，生命之树和她真的很难说最后结局会如何。
The High Priest remained gentle, he admired the human child, and without it, it was hard for the Tree of Life and her to say what would have happened.
不夸张地说，这个人类小崽就是她和生命之树乃至整个木系精灵的恩人。
It is no exaggeration to say that this human cub is her benefactor with the Tree of Life and even the entire wood elves.
所以这位小恩人要契约生命之树，大祭司并不觉得难以接受。
Therefore, the high priest did not find it difficult for the little benefactor to contract the tree of life.
但这件事终归要看生命之树本身的意思。 But it all depends on the meaning of the tree of life itself.
雷木也在跟王叶进行意念交流：“你留不住这位。” Lei Mu was also exchanging ideas with Wang Ye: "You can't keep this. ”
王叶回复：“我就没想过要留祂下来。不，我那里庙小也容不下这座半神。”
Wang Ye replied: "I didn't think about keeping him. No, my temple is too small to accommodate this demigod. ”
雷木不解：“那你契约祂干嘛？” Lei Mu was puzzled: "Then why did you contract him?" ”
王叶：为了经验值不被清零！ Wang Ye: In order not to be cleared of experience points!
可怜他赚那么点经验值都要拼老命了。这破系统还成天坑他，没事就想剥削他的劳务费！如今还搞出完不成任务就清零的鬼把戏。
信不信如果他不能把这个变异的生命之树身体处理好，这位未来绝对会给他带来无穷麻烦？
Believe it or not, if he can't handle this mutated Tree of Life body, this future will definitely bring him endless trouble?
如果这位不小心泄露了一点病毒，就因为对身体操控不熟练什么的……
If this person accidentally leaks a little virus, it's because he is not skilled in body manipulation or something......
倒霉的还不都是他！！！ It's not all him who is unlucky!!
雷木无法感知到王叶更深层次的嘀咕，他相信了王叶说的“为了尽快消灭病毒以及可以让虫巢吸收病毒能量”这一说法。
Lei Mu couldn't sense Wang Ye's deeper muttering, and he believed what Wang Ye said, "In order to eliminate the virus as soon as possible and allow the hive to absorb the virus energy".
雷木就开始和生命之树交流。 Remu began to communicate with the Tree of Life.
生命之树对于自家奇迹孩儿和那个神奇的人类小崽很好奇。
The Tree of Life is curious about its own miracle child and that amazing human cub.
生命之树好奇雷木是怎么从一颗种子、一棵树变成了一个活生生的木精灵幼崽，还同时带有其他生命的气息。
The Tree of Life wondered how Thunderwood had gone from a seed and a tree to a living Wood Elf cub with the breath of other life.
祂同时也好奇王叶是怎么带着满身虫子气息，却保证了完整的人类的血脉。
At the same time, he was also curious about how Wang Ye had a worm-like aura all over his body, but he had ensured the complete human bloodline.
如今这个人类小崽还说要契约祂。 Now the human cub is still talking about making a contract with him.
真的是非常有勇气！ Really very courageous!
为什么这么说？ Why?
因为低级超凡者契约魔兽或其他召唤物，基本上契约魔兽和召唤物的等级都比契约者低，或同等级，最多不能超过一两个级别。
Because the low-level transcendent contract Warcraft or other summons, basically the level of the contract Warcraft and the summons are lower than the contractual, or the same level, and cannot exceed one or two levels at most.
超过三级以上，契约就不太可能达成，哪怕被契约者心甘情愿都不成。
Beyond level three, the contract is unlikely to be reached, even if the person being contracted willingly.
这也是很多强大的召唤物被召唤过来时，实力会被压制到很低的缘故。
This is also the reason why when many powerful summons are summoned, their strength will be suppressed to a very low level.
而高等级的契约魔兽必然会反噬低级契约者，这不是想不想伤害的问题，这就跟把一座山非要塞到一个木桶里一样，强塞的结果就是山还是山，但木桶一定会炸开。
And the high-level contract monster will inevitably backfire the low-level contractor, it's not a question of whether you want to hurt or not, it's the same as stuffing a mountain into a wooden barrel, the result of the strong plugging is that the mountain is still a mountain, but the barrel will definitely explode.
这小孩就不怕祂反过来控制他吗？ Isn't this child afraid that he will control him in turn?
生命之树对王叶很好奇，就问了雷木很多问题。 The Tree of Life was very curious about Wang Ye, so he asked Lei Mu a lot of questions.
雷木感觉生命之树就像一个好奇心旺盛的祖爷爷（？），他一边满足祂的提问，一边有意无意地给小叶子说好话。
Raimu felt that the Tree of Life was like a curious grandfather (?). While satisfying his question, he said good things to Xiao Yezi intentionally or unintentionally.
他不知道小叶子契约这位生命之树有什么好处，但他很清楚一点，小叶子绝不会做亏本的买卖。
He didn't know what the benefits of Xiao Yezi's contract with the Tree of Life were, but he knew one thing very well, Xiao Ye would never make a loss-making deal.
生命之树被雷木说得心动，让祂好奇起王叶的虫巢是个什么模样。
The Tree of Life was moved by Lei Mu's words, which made him wonder what Wang Ye's insect nest looked like.
最重要的是生命之树也是有祂的审美的，祂拒绝接受这么一具被虫母改造后丑到极点的怪物身体。但不接受，祂的灵魂就无处安家，那些病毒也可能会无法回收。
The most important thing is that the Tree of Life also has its own aesthetics, and he refuses to accept such a monster body that has been transformed by the worm mother to be extremely ugly. But if he doesn't accept it, his soul will have nowhere to settle down, and the virus may not be able to recover.
生命之树借由雷木的口，最终同意和王叶契约。 The Tree of Life, through Lei Mu's mouth, finally agreed to make a contract with Wang Ye.
在听到生命之树松口之际，虫巢中，众位师父们一起对自家宝贝徒弟竖起了大拇指。
When they heard the pine mouth of the tree of life, in the worm nest, all the masters gave a thumbs up to their precious apprentices.
你牛！你真他么牛！全天下再也没有比你更牛逼的了，竟然连半神都敢契约！
You cow! You're such a cow! There is no better person in the world than you, even a demigod dares to make a contract!
第268章 回收病毒 Chapter 268: Virus Recovery
王叶仗着虫巢才敢契约变异后的生命之树。 Wang Ye relied on the insect nest to dare to contract the mutated tree of life.
但如果变异体的意识是虫母主导，他绝不敢打这个主意 But if the mutant's consciousness was dominated by the worm mother, he would never dare to fight this idea
因为虫母强大的情况下，它如果不愿意臣服别系的王虫，可以反过来吞噬别系的弱小王虫和虫母，以此来诞育新的更强大的王虫。
Because when the mother worm is strong, if it is unwilling to surrender to the king worm of the other lineage, it can in turn devour the weak king worm and the mother worm of the other lineage, so as to give birth to a new and more powerful king worm.
包括虫巢都能成为新虫巢的养料。 Including nests can be used as nourishment for new nests.
可生命之树不会想要吞噬王叶，也不会想要占有虫巢。 But the Tree of Life doesn't want to devour the King Leaf, nor does it want to possess the Hive.
祂现在只迫切地想要控制这具变异后的身体，让自己恢复原本的模样，就算不能完全恢复，也希望不要这么丑陋。
He was now desperate to control the mutated body and restore himself to its original form, if not completely, to be so ugly.
但生命之树的等级确实比王叶高出许多，王叶为了确保一次契约就能成功，他在契约内容上下了很多工夫。
But the level of the Tree of Life is indeed much higher than that of Wang Ye, and Wang Ye has put a lot of effort into the content of the contract in order to ensure that a contract can be successful.
这是一份非常简单，也相对平等的契约，生命之树看完契约内容，如果不是它还不怎么能动，它一定会用树枝抚摸王叶的脑袋。
This is a very simple, relatively equal contract, after reading the contents of the contract, if it is not still not very moving, it will definitely touch Wang Ye's head with a branch.
雷木听到了生命之树的笑声。 Raimu heard the laughter of the Tree of Life.
他也看到了契约内容，自然明白生命之树为什么笑。 He also saw the contents of the contract, and naturally understood why the Tree of Life was laughing.
因为王叶在契约上这么写道： Because Wang Ye wrote in the contract:
现有生命之树变异体自愿成为虫巢之主王叶的家族成员之一，承认王叶的家主身份和地位。家主王叶同意生命之树可享受家族内的一切权力待遇，并愿意为其养老，义务承担方面可以协商决定。而生命之树答应不会在没有受到迫害的情况下主动伤害一家之主王叶和其他家庭成员，并愿意保守家庭中的秘密。另，生命之树可随时脱离家族。
The existing Tree of Life mutant voluntarily became one of the family members of the Hive Master, Wang Ye, and recognized Wang Ye's status as the head of the family. The head of the family, Wang Ye, agrees that the Tree of Life can enjoy all the power and treatment in the family, and is willing to provide for its old age, and the obligation can be decided through consultation. And the Tree of Life promised not to take the initiative to harm Wang Ye, the head of the family, and other family members without being persecuted, and was willing to keep the family's secrets. In addition, the Tree of Life can leave the family at any time.
这份契约乍一看，简直就像是给自己找了个祖宗。 At first glance, this contract looks like finding an ancestor for yourself.
但王叶会做完全对自己不利的契约吗？ But will Wang Ye make a contract that is completely unfavorable to him?
实际上，一旦生命之树同意立下这份契约，祂就相当于承认了王叶的主导地位，也就是变相的臣服。只不过这份契约让生命之树不会一来就是小弟的地位，而是被放到了长老的位置。
In fact, once the Tree of Life agrees to make this contract, it is equivalent to acknowledging the dominance of the king, that is, the surrender in disguise. It's just that this contract makes the tree of life not immediately become the status of the younger brother, but is placed in the position of the elder.
换言之，王叶成了王虫，而生命之树就是虫母。 In other words, the king leaf became the king insect, and the tree of life was the mother worm.
就是木精灵大佬们看到这份契约内容，心中也再没有半点不情愿和委屈，他们甚至觉得这个人类小孩并不是真的想要契约生命之树，只是想要帮助其控制现在的身体而已。
Even when the wood elf bosses saw the content of this contract, they no longer had the slightest reluctance and grievance in their hearts, and they even felt that this human child didn't really want to contract with the Tree of Life, but just wanted to help him control his current body.
实际上也是如此，王叶并不指望控制一位半神，他只是想要解决现在溢散的病毒，帮助生命之树控制这个会释放病毒的变异体，争取完成木精灵秘境的任务链，不让自己的玩家等级被清零而已。
In fact, Wang Ye didn't expect to control a demigod, he just wanted to solve the virus that was now overflowing, help the Tree of Life control this mutant that would release the virus, and strive to complete the task chain of the Wood Elf Secret Realm, so as not to let his player level be cleared.
也许就因为王叶的真实想法和他立下的契约内容完全一致，而生命之树看过契约内容后，内心也没有半点不愿之意，加上有虫巢的加成协助，契约很顺利地就结立成功。
Maybe it's because Wang Ye's true thoughts are exactly the same as the content of the contract he made, and after the Tree of Life read the content of the contract, he didn't have the slightest reluctance in his heart, and with the help of the bonus of the worm nest, the contract was successfully established very smoothly.
当代表契约成功的契约之印互相印入王叶和生命之树的精神核，王叶就和生命之树产生了一定联系，他可以和生命之树意识直接交流了。
When the seal of the contract, which represents the success of the contract, is imprinted into the spiritual core of Wang Ye and the Tree of Life, Wang Ye has a certain connection with the Tree of Life, and he can communicate directly with the consciousness of the Tree of Life.
随后他就把生命之树收入了虫巢，并为祂单独隔离了一个空间。
He then put the Tree of Life into the hive and isolated a space for Him.
生命之树都没有来得及打量这个虫巢空间，不过这个不急，以后有的是时间。
The Tree of Life didn't have time to look at the hive space, but this is not in a hurry, there will be time later.
“尊敬的生命之树阁下……呃，这个称呼似乎太生分了，您觉得我称呼您老爹可以吗？您看您就相当于是雷木的亲爹，而我就是木木的亲兄弟，四舍五入您也是我爹。”王叶特别厚脸皮地套近乎道。
"Your Excellency, the Tree of Life...... Uh, that title seems too much, do you think it's okay for me to call you Daddy? You see that you are equivalent to Lei Mu's father, and I am Mu Mu's brother, and you are also my father if rounded. Wang Ye was very cheeky and almost said.
他这次没叫人树妈妈，因为生命之树的灵魂之音一听就是男性，而不是女性。
He didn't call Mother Man Tree this time, because the soul voice of the Tree of Life was male, not female.
生命之树发出低沉的笑声，祂的声音并不苍老，还带着一种岁月积累的磁性：“我很高兴，我的孩子。”
The Tree of Life let out a low laugh, and his voice was not old, but with a magnetism that had accumulated over the years: "I am happy, my child. ”
生命之树确实很高兴，祂原本以为自己已经坚持不了多久，千年时间日夜不断的精神力侵袭和折磨，那种痛苦祂无法告诉任何人，祂也不想告诉任何人。
The Tree of Life was indeed very happy, he originally thought that he would not be able to hold on for long, the spiritual power of thousands of years was constantly invaded and tortured day and night, the pain he could not tell anyone, and he did not want to tell anyone.
甚至为了让虫母相信它已经侵占了祂的精神核、摧毁了祂的灵魂，祂还不得不分裂出一个分魂。
Even in order to convince the Mother Worm that it had encroached on his spiritual core and destroyed his soul, he had to split into a split soul.
那不仅让祂的精神力变得衰弱，分魂消失时，祂感觉自己就像是死了一遍。
Not only did it weaken his mental power, but when the soul was gone, he felt like he was dead all over again.
如果不是为了保护阿守，不是为了整个精灵族，祂想祂也许早就坚持不下去。
If it weren't for the protection of Ah Shou, if it wasn't for the entire elven race, he thought he might not be able to hold on for a long time.
但这个世界对祂还是仁慈的，千年的守护和等待，终究让祂等来了救赎，还让祂亲眼看到了自己的孩子。
But the world is still kind to Him, and thousands of years of protection and waiting finally made Him wait for salvation, and let Him see his child with his own eyes.
王叶咧嘴笑，生命之树传来的精神力非常温柔，那是一种长辈对小辈毫不掩饰的喜爱。
Wang Ye grinned, the spiritual power from the Tree of Life was very gentle, it was an undisguised love from the elders for the juniors.
“老爹，接下来我将用虫巢帮助您控制您的身体，会有一些类似触角的东西缠住您，帮助您结茧，请不要抗拒。”
"Dad, next I will use the hive to help you control your body, there will be something like tentacles to entangle you and help you form a cocoon, please don't resist."
“好。” "Okay."
“您也不要焦急，这事急不得。反正大祭司已经把整个圣地封锁住，以她的实力，把圣地封个几十年都不成问题。那几位木精灵长老也都是强者，他们就算被疫病元素感染，也能拖很长时间。所以您现在不要急急忙忙地觉得能掌控身体就停止这次改造，我希望您能确保完全的、百分百掌控自己的身体，只有这样，您才能完美控制您身体内的所有疫病元素。”
"Don't be anxious, you can't be in a hurry. Anyway, the high priest has already sealed the entire Holy Land, and with her strength, it will not be a problem to seal the Holy Land for decades. Those Wood Elf elders were also strong, and even if they were infected by the blight element, they could drag on for a long time. So don't stop this transformation now because you think you have control over your body, I hope you can make sure that you are in complete and 100% control of your body, and only then can you have perfect control over all the disease elements in your body. ”
生命之树哪能不明白王叶的意思，闻言就笑起来：“你放心，再也没有谁比我拥有更多的耐心。”
How could the Tree of Life not understand what Wang Ye meant, and laughed when he heard this: "Don't worry, no one has more patience than me." ”
王叶简单和雷木以及众位师父交代了一点事，还给他姑写了一封信，就开始全力帮助生命之树控制自己的躯体并进行“改造”。
Wang Ye simply explained a little to Lei Mu and the masters, and wrote a letter to his aunt, and began to do his best to help the Tree of Life control his body and "transform".
这个过程对他进一步掌控虫巢，和了解变异体也有极大好处，同时更能锻炼他的精神力，王叶也不以为苦。
This process is also of great benefit to him to further control the hive and understand the mutants, and at the same time, it can exercise his mental power even more, and Wang Ye does not feel bitter.
王叶这边在全力帮助生命之树控制变异后的躯体，木精灵那边则在加紧时间恢复，同时监控自己的身体。
可七天后，那位最年轻的长老还是出现了被感染的症状。
But seven days later, the youngest elder was still showing symptoms of infection.
继这位年轻长老之后，另一位年岁最大的长老也跟着倒下。
After the young elder, the other oldest elder also fell.
是真的倒下，一头栽倒那种。 It's really falling, falling headlong like that.
连续两位长老倒下，还都是九级强者，木精灵大佬们心都凉了。
The two elders fell in a row, and they were all ninth-level powerhouses, and the hearts of the wood elf bosses were cold.
这才多久？ How long has it been?
七天！ Seven days!
九级的超凡者，而且还是抗病能力比较强的精灵，就这么毫无抵抗力地倒下了。
A ninth-level transcendent, and an elf with strong disease resistance, fell without resistance.
他们还服用了一滴生命之液！ They also took a drop of the Liquid of Life!
如果没有那滴生命之液，他们只会倒下得更快。 Without that drop of the liquid of life, they would only have fallen faster.
连他们都如此，普通精灵和非超凡者的普通人类呢？他们能坚持多久？
Even they are like this, what about ordinary elves and ordinary humans who are not transcendental? How long will they last?
如果这个疫病元素就这么传出去，整个世界会变成什么样？
If this epidemic element spreads out like this, what will become of the whole world?
木精灵大佬们简直不敢想象。 The Wood Elf bosses couldn't imagine it.
不过超凡者的身体怎么也要比普通人强，更何况还是九级强者。
However, the body of an extraordinary person must be stronger than that of ordinary people, let alone a ninth-level powerhouse.
两位病倒的长老还能坚持，只是身体很不舒服，不断地发低烧，同时感到内脏像是被腐蚀一般的疼痛。
The two sick elders were able to persevere, but they were very unwell, constantly suffering from low-grade fevers, and at the same time felt the pain of their internal organs as if they had been corroded.
而其他长老和族长翡睿目前还没有不良症状出现，他们猜测除了他们的实力较强以外，还有就是服下的那滴生命之液起到了很大作用。
The other elders and patriarch Fei Rui have not yet shown any adverse symptoms, and they guess that in addition to their strong strength, the drop of life liquid they have taken has played a big role.
如今，他们都不敢直接吸取圣地中的空气和能量，会炼药的长老澧河制作了一种药包口罩，戴在脸上可以过滤空气，尽量减少疫病元素的侵入。
Nowadays, none of them dare to directly absorb the air and energy in the holy land, and the elder Li He, who can refine medicine, has made a medicine bag mask, which can be worn on the face to filter the air and minimize the invasion of epidemic elements.
但这也无法坚持太长时间。 But that doesn't last long either.
超凡者可以长时间憋气，但不代表他们不需要呼吸，他们哪怕不用口鼻呼吸，皮肤、头发乃至身上任何一个部位其实都在呼吸。
Transcendents can hold their breath for a long time, but that doesn't mean they don't need to breathe, even if they don't breathe through their mouth and nose, their skin, hair, and even any part of their body are actually breathing.
呼吸对于超凡者来说也是一种吸收能量和排除废弃物的方式。
Breathing is also a way for transcendents to absorb energy and remove waste.
几位长老只要稍微懂点医药的，都在想办法对付这种疫病元素。族长翡睿则承担了照顾病患的任务。
As long as the elders knew a little bit about medicine, they were all trying to find a way to deal with this epidemic element. Patriarch Philip took on the task of caring for the sick.
大祭司木守的情况看着还算稳定，她虽然缺少了将近三分之二的身体，但她的精神看起来却是木精灵大佬们中最好的一个。
High Priestess Mu Mamoru's condition seems to be relatively stable, although she lacks nearly two-thirds of her body, her spirit seems to be the best among the Wood Elf bosses.
木守在这七天中并没有干坐着，她不擅长医药，就设法把圣地中的各种成分进行分类，把不属于秘境的能量单独分开。
Mu Shou didn't sit still during these seven days, she was not good at medicine, so she managed to classify the various ingredients in the Holy Land, and separate the energy that did not belong to the secret realm.
她怀疑那些能量就是疫病元素。 She suspected that those energies were the blight elementals.
但这些疫病元素非常贼滑，它们还异常地小，会钻入任何一种能量中，想要把它们从其他能量和物质中分开，十分困难。
But these blight elements are very slippery, they are unusually small, they can burrow into any kind of energy, and it is very difficult to separate them from other energies and matter.
木守只分辨疫病元素能量就花了将近五天的时间，之后两天就是在尝试捕捉和分离这种能量。
It took Mu Shou nearly five days to distinguish the blight elemental energy, and the next two days were spent trying to capture and isolate this energy.
目前已经小有成效，她把以她为中心的半个圣庭给清理了出来。
At present, it has been a little effective, and she has cleared out half of the Holy Court centered on her.
在这个小范围内，木精灵大佬们不需要再戴着口罩也能呼吸。
In this small area, the Wood Elf bosses don't need to wear masks anymore to breathe.
“大祭司，生命之树祂什么时候才能出来？”族长翡睿内心十分焦躁，他担心圣地外面的木精灵们。
"High Priest, when will the Tree of Life come out?" Patriarch Fei Rui was very anxious inside, he was worried about the wood elves outside the Holy Land.
他们在圣地中完全无法联系外面，外面自然也联系不到他们。
They were completely unable to contact the outside in the Holy Land, and naturally they could not be contacted from the outside.
他不知道虫母死亡后，那些魔螨是不是都已经死了，还是仍旧在秘境中肆虐。
He didn't know if those demon mites were all dead after the mother worm died, or if they were still wreaking havoc in the secret realm.
他更担心那批转移出去的孩子，虽然转移地点是树人族内部，但寄人篱下的滋味谁尝谁知道。
He was even more worried about the children who were transferred out, although the transfer location was within the Tree Human Clan, who knew what it would be like to be under the fence.
如果不是当年他们曾经从精灵族地转移过一次，已经有过经验，而且因为大祭司的要求，他们多年来一直在做各种准备，包括转移后代在内，他们也不可能在三小时内就把幼崽们几乎全都转移出秘境，并迅速收集了一定资源。
If it weren't for the fact that they had transferred from the elven land once back then, they already had experience, and because of the high priest's request, they had been making various preparations for many years, including the transfer of offspring, they would not have been able to transfer almost all the cubs out of the secret realm within three hours, and quickly collected a certain amount of resources.
“不要急，这才过了七天。虫母可是用了千年时间才控制了生命之树的身体。”大祭司淡淡说道。
翡睿苦笑：“千年？” Fei Rui smiled bitterly: "A thousand years? ”
大祭司特别稳：“我知道你在担心外面的精灵们。但我们现在都还在，木精灵也没有遇到真正的大难，现在的恐慌你完全可以当做是一次测试，正好也让我们看看那些年轻人应付危难和担当责任的能力如何。”
The High Priest was particularly steady: "I know you're worried about the elves outside. But we're all still there, and the Wood Elves haven't encountered any real calamity, so the current panic can be used as a test to see how well those young people can cope with the crisis and take responsibility. ”
翡睿可没有大祭司这样稳当的心态，“那些魔螨……” Fei Rui didn't have the same steady mentality as the High Priest, "Those demon mites ......"
“应该还活着。”大祭司说出了让翡睿和长老们都十分头疼的实话：“虫母的意识虽然消散了，但它的身体还没有死。那些魔螨很可能是虫母身体的一部分，只要它的身体没有真正死亡，那些魔螨大概也不会跟着死亡。”
"Should still be alive." The High Priest told the truth that caused great headaches for both Philip and the Elders: "Although the consciousness of the worm mother has dissipated, its body is not dead. Those demon mites are likely to be part of the worm mother's body, and as long as its body does not actually die, those demon mites probably will not die with it. ”
翡睿更担心了。 Philip was even more worried.
大祭司安抚他，淡笑道：“好了，我觉得应该快了。我们急，那孩子只会比我们更急。你见过哪个活泼的小孩子愿意困在一个地方很长时间？”
The high priest comforted him and smiled lightly, "Okay, I think it should be soon." We are in a hurry, and the child will only be more anxious than we are. Have you ever seen a lively little kid who would be willing to be stuck in one place for a long time? ”
翡睿精神一振，虽然大祭司在脱离虫母后没说她的预言能力有没有恢复，但就算不记得自己梦境的大祭司，偶尔也会说出一些类似预知的话，而且往往都十分准确。
Philip was in good spirits, and although the High Priest didn't say if her prophetic abilities had recovered after she had escaped from the Mother of Worms, even if the High Priest didn't remember her dreams, he would occasionally say something similar to foresight, and they were often very accurate.
果然，在第九天的清晨，生命之树和王叶雷木一起再次出现。
Sure enough, in the early morning of the ninth day, the Tree of Life and the King Ye Lei Mu reappeared together.
木精灵大佬们看着不远处那株堪称长相清奇的小树，一时都不知道该如何形容。
The wood elf bosses looked at the strange-looking little tree not far away, and they didn't know how to describe it for a while.
整体来说，这棵与王叶差不多高的小树的外形其实挺好看的，但又有那么一点点诡异。
Overall, the appearance of this small tree, which is about the same height as Wang Ye, is actually quite good-looking, but it is a little weird.
诡异之处就在于这株树从枝干和叶片看着都是正常树的样子，可祂的树皮却出现了一张张鬼脸。
The strange thing is that the tree looks like a normal tree from the branches and leaves, but its bark has grimaces.
而祂的树叶形状和颜色也不走寻常路，树叶看起来像一只只椭圆的瓢虫，厚实饱满，颜色竟然是黑色的，不过带着金点，远看就更像七星瓢虫了。
And the shape and color of his leaves are not unusual, the leaves look like oval ladybugs, thick and full, the color is actually black, but with gold dots, it looks more like a seven-star ladybug from a distance.
雷木对大祭司和众位木精灵大佬行战士礼。 Lei Mu bowed to the High Priest and the Wood Elf bosses.
王叶大大咧咧地对众位大佬摆手。 Wang Ye waved his hand to the bigwigs with a big grin.
族长翡睿激动，正要上前。 Patriarch Fei Rui was excited and was about to step forward.
“你好了？”大祭司面向重获新生的生命之树扬手，微笑。
"How are you?" The High Priest raised his hand and smiled at the reborn Tree of Life.
生命之树的一根树枝动了动，像是在回应，祂也确实给出了回应：“是的，我好了。现在我将扎根圣地，可以吗？”
A branch of the Tree of Life moved, as if in response, and He did: "Yes, I'm all right." Now I'm going to take root in the Holy Land, is that okay? ”
大祭司一愣，立刻道：“当然可以！您想做什么都可以。”
The high priest was stunned for a moment, and immediately said, "Of course you can!" You can do whatever you want. ”
生命之树像是笑了，原本只有一米四高的小树突然变大，树根深深扎入土壤中，它的树干也在不断升高，树冠更是不断扩大。
The Tree of Life seemed to laugh, and the small tree, which was originally only one meter and four meters high, suddenly grew larger, its roots dug deep into the soil, its trunk continued to rise, and the crown of the tree continued to expand.
当生命之树的树冠几乎笼罩住大半个圣庭后，祂才停止生长。
It was only when the canopy of the Tree of Life covered almost half of the Holy Court that it stopped growing.
随后一股磅礴的能量倾泻出去。 Then a majestic energy poured out.
大祭司感到整个圣地都布满了这股奇怪的能量。 The High Priest felt that the whole holy place was filled with this strange energy.
这股能量让她感到熟悉的同时，也感到了陌生。 This energy made her feel familiar and strange at the same time.
生命之树的能量本质还是改变了，现在的祂再也不是以前那株生命之树。
The essence of the energy of the Tree of Life has changed, and he is no longer the same Tree of Life that he used to be.
至少以前，她从没有听到过生命之树实际的声音，可今天就在刚才她亲耳听到了生命之树说话。
At least before, she had never heard the actual voice of the Tree of Life, but today she had heard the Tree of Life speak with her own ears just now.
生命之树“活”了，祂从半智慧生物转变成了真正的智慧生物。
The Tree of Life "lived" and was transformed from a semi-intelligent being into a truly intelligent being.
就好像顶级魔兽变成了人。 It's as if the top Warcraft has become a human.
生命之树在把祂的能量铺满整个圣地后，就迅速回卷。 The Tree of Life quickly recoiled after spreading its energy throughout the Holy Land.
大祭司和木精灵大佬们，都感到一股力量从他们身体上拂过，就好像有什么被这股能量给带走了。
The High Priest and the Wood Elf bosses all felt a force pass through their bodies, as if something had been carried away by this energy.
生命之树倾出的能量完全收回，祂的身体也在快速缩小。
The energy poured out by the Tree of Life was completely withdrawn, and his body was rapidly shrinking.
不到一会儿，生命之树又恢复到之前一米四高的小树模样。
In a few moments, the Tree of Life returned to its previous appearance as a small tree that was one meter and four meters tall.
族长翡睿咽了口口水，上前恭敬道：“请问，那些疫病元素已经全都消失了吗？”
Patriarch Fei Rui swallowed his saliva and stepped forward respectfully, "Excuse me, have all those epidemic elements disappeared?" ”
生命之树的树枝动了动，祂还是不习惯说话。 The branches of the tree of life moved, but He was still not accustomed to talking.
在场所有木精灵都松了口气。 All the Wood Elves present breathed a sigh of relief.
但翡睿看到病倒的两名长老还躺着，情况似乎并没有改善，不由着急道：“可他们还没有恢复。”
But Fei Rui saw that the two elders who were sick were still lying down, and the situation did not seem to be improving, so he couldn't help but say anxiously: "But they haven't recovered yet." ”
生命之树沉默着走到那两名长老身边，祂的树干中突然射出一根虫须一样的触手，并飞快扎入两名长老肚子中。
The Tree of Life silently walked over to the two elders, and a tentacle like a whisker suddenly shot out of its trunk and plunged into the stomachs of the two elders.
木精灵大佬们都吓了一跳。 The Wood Elf bosses were taken aback.
不到片刻，生命之树把虫须触手拔出，轻轻拍了拍两名精灵。
In less than a moment, the Tree of Life pulled out its whisker tentacles and gently patted the two elves.
年轻的长老睁开眼睛，他忽然感到肚子不那么疼了。 When the young elder opened his eyes, he suddenly felt less pain in his stomach.
那名年岁最大的长老也有所感觉地慢慢坐直身体，他能感觉到那摧残他身体的疫病元素已经彻底离开他的身体。
The eldest elder also felt a slight upright, and he could feel the disease-destroying elemental that had completely left his body.
在生命之树回收病毒的过程中，王叶和雷木当了个旁观者。
In the process of recovering the virus from the Tree of Life, Wang Ye and Lei Mu became bystanders.
不是王叶不想帮忙，而是他的状态有点不太妙。 It's not that Wang Ye doesn't want to help, it's that his state is a little bad.
生命之树掌控身体并改造自身的过程并不算顺利，王叶帮忙也帮得十分痛苦。打个不恰当的比方，就像小驴拉大车，差点拖死他。
The process of the Tree of Life controlling the body and transforming itself was not smooth, and Wang Ye's help was also very painful. To use an inappropriate analogy, it's like a little donkey pulling a cart and almost dragging him to death.
要不是木精灵提供了不少魔晶供生命之树改造身体使用，王叶怀疑他和他的虫巢都可能被生命之树抽干。
If it weren't for the fact that the Wood Elves had provided a lot of magic crystals for the Tree of Life to use to transform their bodies, Wang Ye suspected that both him and his hive might be drained by the Tree of Life.
虽然最后虫巢没有损失，貌似还赚了一些，但王叶本人的精神力却消耗过大。
Although there was no loss in the end, and it seemed that he had earned some, Wang Ye's own spiritual power was consumed too much.
他在帮助生命之树适应变异体和改造身体的过程中，对虫族的构成感悟更深，有那么一段时间，王叶都以为自己是真正的王虫。
In the process of helping the Tree of Life adapt to mutants and transform its body, he had a deeper understanding of the composition of the Zerg, and for a while, Wang Ye thought that he was the real King Insect.
王叶有点担心，他甚至产生了自己是否早就被虫巢寄生，现在的他到底是虫巢还是他自己的不安想法。
Wang Ye was a little worried, and he even had an uneasy idea of whether he had been parasitized by the insect hive a long time ago, and whether he was a insect hive or himself now.
偏偏这份不安他还不能跟任何人说，因为他真的不确定。
But he couldn't tell anyone about his uneasiness, because he was really unsure.
王叶已经尽量隐藏自己的不安，可雷木还是有所感知。 Wang Ye had tried his best to hide his uneasiness, but Lei Mu still felt it.
这会儿雷木还是小小一只，他原本不喜欢别人抱着他，可这会儿却主动抱住了王叶。
At this time, Lei Mu was still a small one, and he didn't like others to hold him, but at this time, he took the initiative to hug Wang Ye.
就连王叶无意识地抚摸他的小翅膀，他都没有拍开他的手。
Even when Wang Ye unconsciously stroked his little wings, he didn't slap his hand away.
王叶没想到生命之树竟然连人体中的病毒也能回收，如此，他倒不用麻烦闻笛师父配药了。
Wang Ye didn't expect that the Tree of Life could even recover viruses in the human body, so he didn't have to trouble Master Wendi to dispense medicine.
虽然他闻笛师父已经和疯药王还有虫老一起，正在研究治疗该病毒的药剂，而且已经有了一点眉目。
Although he Wen Di Master was already working on a medicine to treat the virus together with the Mad Medicine King and the Worm Elder, and he already had a little eyebrows.
“恭喜诸位，现在疫病元素已经消失，圣地已经可以打开。”王叶接收到生命之树的意识，立刻大声说道。
"Congratulations, now that the plague element has disappeared, the Holy Land can be opened." Wang Ye received the consciousness of the Tree of Life and immediately said loudly.
“那魔螨？”族长翡睿急问。 "The demon mites?" Patriarch Fei Rui asked urgently.
生命之树走回到王叶和雷木身边。 The Tree of Life walked back to Wang Ye and Lei Mu.
木精灵大佬们看着树干下没有冒出树根，却冒出八只虫足的生命之树，只觉得浑身都不得劲。
The Wood Elf bosses looked at the tree of life that did not have roots under the trunk, but eight insect legs appeared, and they only felt uncomfortable.
这样的生命之树怎么看起来就这么怪异呢？ How could such a tree of life look so weird?
生命之树倒是对自己的虫足很满意，祂觉得比树根组成的腿脚要方便得多。
The Tree of Life was pleased with its own feet, which he found much more convenient than the legs and feet of the roots.
王叶再次接收到生命之树的意念，只好代替祂道：“圣地打开，老爹就能把那些魔螨都收回来。”
Wang Ye once again received the idea of the Tree of Life, so he had to say in his place: "When the Holy Land is opened, Daddy will be able to take back all those demon mites." ”
“老爹？”族长翡睿重复，他不是不知道这代称指的是谁，只是这种叫法让他有点无法接受。
"Daddy?" Patriarch Fei Rui repeated, it was not that he didn't know who this name meant, but this kind of name made him a little unacceptable.
王叶一指生命之树：“就是祂老人家。” Wang Ye pointed to the tree of life: "It's his old man." ”
生命之树树干中再次伸出一条虫须一样的触手，抬起，摸了摸小雷木的头。
A tentacle like a whisker stretched out from the trunk of the tree of life again, raised it, and touched the head of the little thunderwood.
雷木无奈，他发现彻底掌控了这具身体的生命之树就像是变成了小孩子，对什么都很好奇，而且特别喜欢用祂的“手”和“脚”。
Reimi found that the Tree of Life, which had completely controlled this body, was like a child, curious about everything, and especially fond of using his "hands" and "feet".
雷木甚至感觉到，这位之前还嫌弃变异体丑陋的半神现在却对自己的新身体充满兴趣，而且还在试图开发出各种新的用法。
Reimu even sensed that the demigod, who had previously disliked the ugliness of mutants, was now interested in his new body and was trying to develop all sorts of new uses.
王叶觉得老爹还是有些偏心的，明显喜欢雷木比喜欢他多得多。
Wang Ye felt that his father was still a little eccentric, and obviously liked Lei Mu much more than him.
就比如现在，生命之树在拿他当助理用，却跟雷木玩耍和亲昵。
For example, now, the Tree of Life is using him as an assistant, but it is playing and intimacy with Thunderwood.
王叶表示自己不吃醋，他只是奇怪为什么系统到现在都还没有宣布任务完成，难道还有什么问题没解决吗？
Wang Ye said that he was not jealous, he just wondered why the system had not announced the completion of the task until now, and was there any problem that had not been solved?
大祭司面朝这棵崭新的生命之树，看着祂和两个小崽的互动，她脑中突然闪过一幕画面，非常模糊，让她捕捉不及。
The High Priest looked at the new tree of life, watching him interact with the two cubs, and suddenly a scene flashed through her mind, so blurry that she couldn't catch it.
而王叶也在同一时刻，面容一惊，急匆匆地喊道：“等等！先不要打开圣地，让我看看那两个生病的长老。”
And Wang Ye was also at the same moment, his face was shocked, and he hurriedly shouted: "Wait! Don't open the Holy Land yet, let me see the two sick elders. ”
第269章 新型活尸病毒 Chapter 269: A New Living Corpse Virus
大祭司也因为某种直觉没有立即打开圣地。 The high priest also did not immediately open the Holy Land because of some kind of intuition.
王叶这时已经跑到两位坐起身、貌似已经恢复的长老身边。
At this time, Wang Ye had already run to the two elders who were sitting up and seemed to have recovered.
年轻的那位长老忽然打了个喷嚏。 The young elder suddenly sneezed.
王叶的因果循环保护罩一直撑开着，就算这样，他还往后退了一步。
Wang Ye's causal loop protective shield was always open, and even so, he took a step back.
雷木想要过来，王叶却很凶地对他吼：“别过来，回家里去！”
Lei Mu wanted to come over, but Wang Ye yelled at him fiercely: "Don't come here, go home!" ”
雷木头顶的两只翡翠小角连同两颗小芽芽一直在发出淡淡的光芒，但雷木和其他人一直没有察觉。
The two small emerald horns on the top of Lei Mu's head, along with the two small bud buds, had been emitting a faint light, but Lei Mu and the others had not noticed it.
可这时，雷木忽然感到有什么肉眼看不见的东西扑到了自己身上，被一层光膜挡住。
But at this time, Lei Mu suddenly felt that something invisible to the naked eye pounced on him, blocked by a layer of light film.
那看不见的东西扑到他身上时，原本很淡的光芒会稍微亮一下，这就让雷木周身突然开始闪闪发光，而且是一会儿这边闪闪，一会儿那边闪闪，有时身体各处还能同时闪光。
When the invisible thing pounced on him, the originally faint light would brighten up a little, which made Lei Mu's body suddenly begin to shine, and it flashed here and there, and sometimes all parts of his body could flash at the same time.
王叶都看得呆了一把。 Wang Ye was stunned.
年轻的长老似乎也明白了什么，赶紧给自己戴上了药包口罩。
The young elder also seemed to understand something, and quickly put on a medicine bag mask for himself.
那位年老的长老同样。 The same goes for the old elder.
生命之树能量一卷，把空气中刚刚传播出来的病毒都给回收了。
The Tree of Life rolled up its energy, recovering all the viruses that had just spread in the air.
“木木，回去。”王叶再次催促。 "Mumu, go back." Wang Ye urged again.
雷木没有询问原因，他现在对王叶的能力和警觉性已经极为信任。小叶子绝不会无缘无故地让他回去虫巢，而他留下很可能不但帮不到小叶子，还会给他添麻烦。
Lei Mu didn't ask why, he now had great trust in Wang Ye's ability and vigilance. Xiao Ye will never let him go back to the hive for no reason, and it is likely that he will not only not help Xiao Ye if he stays, but will also cause him trouble.
想到如果真的有危险，他还能及时出来。雷木掉头就进入了虫巢空间。
Thinking that if there was really danger, he would be able to come out in time. Raimu turned around and entered the hive space.
闻笛和疯药王正站在实验台前说话，虫老则在一张卷轴上实验着什么，兰道就站在一边看着。小云拉着金宝，不让他过去捣乱。
Wen Di and the Mad Medicine King were standing in front of the experimental table talking, while the worm elder was experimenting with something on a scroll, and Landau stood aside and watched. Xiaoyun pulled Jinbao and didn't let him go over to make trouble.
闻笛看到雷木进来，就对他说道：“你身上是不是有生命守护魔法？”
When Wen Di saw Lei Mu come in, he said to him, "Do you have life guardian magic on you?" ”
“？”雷木脸上打出问号。 “？” A question mark was put on Remu's face.
闻笛看小雷木这样，失笑：“看来是本能启动。我听说过生命之树和树人一族都有一种天赋技能，叫生命守护魔法，这种魔法遇到危险会自动撑起屏障保护身体主人。”
Wen Di looked at Xiao Lei Mu like this, and smiled: "It seems that it was instinctively activated." I've heard that both the Tree of Life and the Treants have a natural skill called Life Guardian Magic, which automatically raises a barrier to protect their owners when in danger. ”
“生命之树和树人一族有关？”雷木问。 "The Tree of Life is related to the Treants?" Raimu asked.
闻笛惊讶：“你不知道？” Wen Di was surprised: "You don't know? ”
雷木摇头。 Raimu shook his head.
闻笛更惊讶了：“不可能啊，生命守护魔法是树人族特有，你如果没有觉醒种族传承，又怎么会激发这个魔法？”
Wen Di was even more surprised: "Impossible, the life guardian magic is unique to the Treant Race, if you don't awaken the racial inheritance, how can you activate this magic?" ”
疯药王插话：“也可能是才开始觉醒，雷木还没有把自己的生命形态完全转换到生命之树那边，所以还没有接到正式传承，但生命守护这个魔法遇到危险却自动激发了。”
The Mad Medicine King interjected: "It may also be that he has just begun to awaken, Lei Mu has not completely converted his life form to the Tree of Life, so he has not yet received the official inheritance, but the magic of Life Guardian is automatically activated when it encounters danger." ”
雷木目光望向虫巢外面，又看看几位师父，问道：“我的事不急。闻大哥你想说什么？是不是外面有什么异常？”
Lei Mu looked outside the hive, looked at a few more masters, and asked, "I'm not in a hurry." What do you want to say, Brother Wen? Is there something unusual out there? ”
闻笛点头，“我们是发现了一点问题。”随后就示意雷木到虫老身边，看那张卷轴。
Wen Di nodded, "We found a little problem. Then he motioned for Lei Mu to go to the insect old man and look at the scroll.
雷木走过去，一边分心看外面的王叶，一边看卷轴上的几只小虫子。
Lei Mu walked over, looking distractedly at Wang Ye outside, and at the same time looking at a few small insects on the scroll.
几只小虫子爬来爬去，还有两只虫子飞起来，但总是越不过一个范围。
A few small bugs crawled around, and two more flew up, but they never crossed a range.
兰道指着卷轴说：“这是结界卷轴，虫老用来做实验，可以防止里面的虫子飞出来。”
Landau pointed to the scroll and said, "This is the enchantment scroll, which the worm has always used for experiments to prevent the worms inside from flying out." ”
虫老抬头，一句话就解开了雷木刚刚的疑惑：“是我提醒小叶子，让他去看那两个生病的木精灵长老。”
The insect elder raised his head, and one sentence solved Lei Mu's doubts just now: "It was I who reminded Xiao Yezi and asked him to go see the two sick wood elf elders." ”
“有什么问题吗？” "Any questions?"
“有。问题还不小！”虫老指着卷轴上的小虫子说：“刚刚闻笛和药王大人共同研究发现，那虫母释放的疫病元素非常厉害，连我们身上也沾到了，我们把当时穿的衣裤鞋袜都脱了下来，只留了一部分做实验提取用，其他都用魔法毁了。我们自己也用魔法清洁术给自己做了清洁，可是……”
"Yes. The problem is not small! The insect elder pointed to the little insect on the scroll and said: "Just now, Wen Di and Lord Medicine King jointly researched and found that the epidemic element released by the insect mother was very powerful, and even we were stained with it, we took off the clothes, pants, shoes and socks we wore at that time, and only left part of it for experimental extraction, and the rest were destroyed by magic." We cleaned ourselves with a magic cleansing technique, but ......"
闻笛接话：“我们身上的疫病元素还在，而且变得更为活跃，它们似乎能吸收外界能量。只要那能量没有达到它们吸收的临界值，它们就不怕那能量。而一旦它们吸收的能量达到一定程度，它们还能再次升级进化，而升级后的疫病元素可以吸收能多的能量。如此周而复始。”
Wen Di answered: "The epidemic elements in us are still there, and they are becoming more active, they seem to be able to absorb external energy. As long as that energy doesn't reach a critical point for them to absorb, they are not afraid of that energy. And once they absorb a certain amount of energy, they can upgrade and evolve again, and the upgraded Blight Elemental can absorb more energy. And so on and so forth. ”
雷木吃惊到微微失态：“这么说这种疫病元素如果不能早早杀死，它还可能越变越厉害？”
Lei Mu was so surprised that he lost his temper slightly: "So if this epidemic element can't be killed early, it may become more and more powerful?" ”
“就是这样没错。而且更糟糕的是，我们用了一些虫子做实验，然后发现这些疫病元素在进入生命体后，一部分会对生命体造成破坏，还有一部分竟然在结合生命体的元素后就开始变异，变异成一种我们很熟悉的病毒。”闻笛慢慢吐出了那病毒的名字：“活尸病毒。”
"That's right. What's worse is that we experimented with some bugs, and then found that after these epidemic elements enter the living body, some of them will cause damage to the living body, and some of them will start to mutate after combining the elements of the living body, mutating into a virus that we are very familiar with. Wen Di slowly spat out the name of the virus: "Living corpse virus." ”
虫老补充：“而且这种活尸病毒的潜伏期更长，也藏得更隐秘，传染性也更强。”
"And this living corpse virus has a longer incubation period, is more secretive, and more contagious. ”
疯药王在这时昂起头，特别得意地说道：“今天在场的如果没有我……好吧，如果没有我们三个，但尤其是我！其他药师一定不会发现那疫病元素竟然会在同一个感染体中分开来进行两种完全不同的变异，那些蠢货只会把另一种非疫病的变异当成生命体中的一种正常元素。”
The Mad Medicine King raised his head at this time, and said proudly, "If there is no me here today...... Well, if not the three of us, but especially me! The other pharmacists would not have discovered that the blight element could be separated from the same infected body for two completely different mutations, and those fools would only treat the mutation of another non-epidemic as a normal element in the living organism. ”
虫老在心里翻白眼，他现在多少也明白为什么自家徒弟这么看不惯这个疯老头了。他承认疯药王是在提取和辨认虫母的疫病元素时起了很大作用，可闻笛才是双月星研究活尸病毒的第一人。
The worm elder rolled his eyes in his heart, and he now somewhat understood why his apprentice was so unaccustomed to this crazy old man. He admits that the Mad Medicine King played a big role in extracting and identifying the blight element of the worm mother, and that Wen Di was the first person to study the living corpse virus on the twin moon stars.
不过疯药王功劳也不小，确实，如果不是他及时发现疫病元素有两种变异方向，闻笛也不会发现另一种变异方向竟然就是转变成活尸病毒。
However, the Mad Medicine King is not a small contribution, indeed, if he hadn't discovered in time that there were two mutation directions for the epidemic element, Wen Di would not have found that the other mutation direction was actually transformed into a living corpse virus.
闻笛补充道：“这种新型活尸病毒……我称它为新型，是因为它的构造和能量感都和目前双月星已知的活尸病毒有些微区别。如果说已有的活尸病毒传染性和致死率是百分之八十，那么这种新型活尸病毒，它的传染性很可能达到了百分之百。而且不止是同物种之间互传，跨物种也完全可以。”
Wen Di added: "This new living corpse virus...... I call it new because its structure and energy sense are slightly different from the living corpse viruses currently known to the Twin Moon Star. If the existing living corpse virus is 80 percent contagious and lethal, then this new living corpse virus is likely to be 100 percent infectious. And it's not just about passing from one species to another, it's also possible to cross species. ”
闻笛加重语气：“我说的跨物种，不止是感染智慧生物、魔兽这样的生命体，原活尸病毒也能做到。但现在这种活尸病毒，连草木和昆虫也能感染。”
Wen Di said in an accentuated tone: "The cross-species I am talking about is not only infecting intelligent creatures, Warcraft and other lifeforms, but also the original living corpse virus. But now this living corpse virus can even infect plants, trees and insects. ”
这可真是个非常糟糕的消息！ That's really bad news!
雷木问：“这种变异的活尸病毒，生命之树能回收吗？”
Lei Mu asked, "Can this mutated living corpse virus be recovered by the Tree of Life?" ”
“不知道。”虫老道：“我们只发现到这一步就赶紧通知小叶子了。现在就看王叶给那两位木精灵长老的检查结果，如果他们身上没有新型活尸病毒，那么就表示生命之树能一起回收。如果有，那就难说了。”
"I don't know." The insect elder said: "We only found out that we have reached this step, so we will quickly inform Xiao Yezi." Now look at the results of Wang Ye's examination of the two Wood Elf Elders, if they don't have a new type of living corpse virus on their bodies, then it means that the Tree of Life can be recovered together. If there is, it's hard to say. ”
外面，王叶跟两名生病长老各要了一点鲜血，送进虫巢。
Outside, Wang Ye and the two sick elders each asked for a little blood and sent it to the insect nest.
闻笛拿到两小瓶血液，立刻开始测试。 Wen Di got two vials of blood and immediately began testing.
在确定这是变异的新型活尸病毒后，闻笛就拿出了有效的测试方法，他之前就一直在研究活尸病毒。
After determining that this was a mutated new living corpse virus, Wen Di came up with an effective test method, and he had been studying the living corpse virus before.
外面木精灵大佬们询问王叶是怎么回事，问他是不是疫病元素没有消除干净。
Outside, the wood elf bosses asked Wang Ye what was going on, and asked him if the epidemic element had not been eliminated.
王叶只让他们稍等。 Wang Ye only asked them to wait.
生命之树也再次来到那两名木精灵身边，在获得他们的许可后，就再次把自己的触手刺入他们体内。
The Tree of Life also came to the two Wood Elves again, and with their permission, pierced its tentacles into them again.
这次生命之树花的时间有点长，等祂把触手拔出，祂跟王叶说了什么。
This time the Tree of Life took a bit of time, and when he pulled out his tentacles, he said something to Wang Ye.
但生命之树直接和王叶进行了意识交流，其他人都没听到。
But the Tree of Life directly communicated with Wang Ye, and no one else heard it.
王叶也没有在表情上露出任何表示，只耐心等待虫巢中的检测结果。
Wang Ye didn't show any expression on his face, and only patiently waited for the test results in the insect nest.
闻笛得到检测结果了，立刻通知外面的王叶：“确定了，是变异的活尸病毒！”
Wen Di got the test result, and immediately notified Wang Ye outside: "It's confirmed, it's a mutated living corpse virus!" ”
王叶这才对围着他的木精灵大佬们说道：“有两个不太妙的消息，你们想先听哪一个？”
Only then did Wang Ye say to the wood elf bosses around him: "There are two bad news, which one do you want to hear first?" ”
木精灵大佬们：这时候调皮？揍你哦！ Wood Elf bosses: Naughty at this time? Beat you up!
那名最年轻的长老抹抹脸说：“小家伙，你一起说吧，不管是什么，大不了就是一死，只要不把疫病元素传出去，让我做什么都可以。”
The youngest elder wiped his face and said, "Little one, let's talk about it together, no matter what it is, the big deal is death, as long as I don't spread the epidemic element, I can do anything." ”
最年老的长老也点头道：“不用担心我们承受不住，我们已经准备好接受任何后果，说吧。”
The oldest elder also nodded: "Don't worry that we can't bear it, we are ready to accept any consequences, let's say it." ”
大祭司的身体飘了过来，她的手轻轻拍了拍王叶肩膀：“说吧，孩子，不用担心。你只要说出你知道的事情，怎么做自然有年长者操心。”
The high priest's body floated over, and her hand gently patted Wang Ye's shoulder: "Say, child, don't worry." You just have to say what you know, and how to do it is naturally for the elders to worry about it. ”
王叶耸肩：“第一个消息，疫病元素在进入这两位长老身体后出现了变异。第二个消息，没变异的已经被生命之树老爹给回收，但变异的部分祂无法回收。”
Wang Ye shrugged: "The first news, the epidemic element has mutated after entering the bodies of these two elders. The second news is that the unmutated ones have been recovered by the Tree of Life Daddy, but the mutated parts cannot be recycled. ”
“无法回收是什么意思？”族长翡睿眉头皱成疙瘩。 "What does it mean to not be recyclable?" Patriarch Philip frowned.
王叶坦然道：“因为变异的那部分病毒和感染者体内的某种元素结合后，就转变成了新型活尸病毒。而这种病毒的感染速度非常快，现在这种病毒已经遍布感染者身体每一个部分，哪怕是最微小的身体元素。”
Wang Ye said calmly: "Because after the mutated part of the virus combines with a certain element in the body of the infected, it transforms into a new type of living corpse virus. And this virus infects very quickly, and now this virus has spread to every part of the infected person's body, even the tiniest body element. ”
“简单说就是这种新型活尸病毒已经和生命体每一个元素都密切结合，形成了新的生命构成元素，而不再只是简单的疫病元素，所以生命之树无法回收。”
"To put it simply, this new living corpse virus has been closely integrated with every element of the living body, forming a new life element, and it is no longer just a simple epidemic element, so the tree of life cannot be recovered."
王叶环视几位木精灵大佬，最后面对大祭司道：“听明白了吗？这种情况就像是虫母寄生了生命之树，它的身体和生命之树融合，彻底改造了生命之树的生命形态，现在虫母死了，但我们依然无法把已经变异的生命之树变回原样一样。”
Wang Ye looked around at several wood elf bosses, and finally faced the high priest and said, "Do you understand?" This situation is like the mother worm parasitized the tree of life, and its body merged with the tree of life, completely transforming the life form of the tree of life, and now the mother worm is dead, but we still can't change the mutated tree of life back to its original state. ”
大祭司缓慢道：“一开始的疫病元素只是破坏生命体，让生命体生病。但变异的新型活尸病毒则是在改造整个生命体，是这个意思吗？”
The High Priest said slowly, "The blight element at the beginning was just to destroy the living form and make it sick. But is that what the mutated new living corpse virus is transforming the entire living body? ”
王叶用力拍掌：“对！” Wang Ye clapped his hands vigorously: "Yes! ”
最年轻的木精灵长老愣了半会儿，苦笑：“这么说我和史老就要变成活尸木精灵了？”
The youngest Wood Elf Elder was stunned for a while, and then smiled bitterly: "So Shi Lao and I are about to become living corpse Wood Elves?" ”
其他木精灵长老对这个冷笑话并不捧场。 The other Wood Elf elders weren't up for the joke.
大祭司知道木精灵们在想什么，但她仍旧问出了那个问题：“这种新型活尸病毒能烧死吗？”
The High Priestess knew what the Wood Elves were thinking, but she still asked the question, "Can this new living corpse virus be burned to death?" ”
王叶从闻笛师父那里得到答案：“必须是超过千度的高温，要保证尸骨都烧成粉末，骨头渣子都不剩那种。”
Wang Ye got the answer from Master Wendi: "It must be a high temperature of more than 1,000 degrees, and it must be ensured that the bones are burned into powder, and there is no bone residue left." ”
“那杀死新型活尸的方法是否和原来一样？”大祭司又问道。
"Is the method of killing a new type of living corpse the same as the original?" The high priest asked again.
其他木精灵大佬都不忍心问出这两个问题，只有她来问。
The other Wood Elf bosses couldn't bear to ask these two questions, and she was the only one who asked.
王叶如实回答：“这个不知道，还得验证。不过新型活尸病毒操控身体的原理和一型活尸病毒一样，都是利用一种集聚在脑干中的物质，向全身发布命令。”
Wang Ye replied truthfully: "I don't know this, I still have to verify it." However, the new living corpse virus manipulates the body in the same way as the type 1 living corpse virus, which uses a substance that collects in the brain stem to issue commands to the whole body. ”
年轻的木精灵长老长长吐气，闭了闭眼睛，说道：“把我脑袋砍了吧，再烧干净，只要给我十分钟交代后事的时间。”
The young Wood Elf elder exhaled a long breath, closed his eyes, and said, "Cut off my head, burn it again, just give me ten minutes to explain what happened." ”
年老的长老没说话，但他神态很平和，似乎已经做好赴死准备。
The old elder didn't speak, but his demeanor was calm, and he seemed to be ready to die.
王叶现在根本顾不上这两个木精灵长老是死是活，他都要愁死了！
Wang Ye didn't care about whether these two Wood Elf elders were dead or alive now, he was going to die of worry!
现在可不止是两个木精灵被感染，他的几位师父很可能也被感染了。
Now it's not just the two Wood Elves who have been infected, it's likely that several of his masters have also been infected.
这才是天塌地陷的大事好吗！ This is the big thing when the sky falls, okay!
系统只给了十二天的任务时限，也就是说潜伏中的活尸病毒爆发时间肯定就在十二天和十三天的交接时刻。
The system only gives a 12-day mission time limit, which means that the outbreak of the latent living corpse virus must be at the transition between 12 and 13 days.
王叶突然冷笑。 Wang Ye suddenly sneered.
这个坑爹破系统真的非常了解他呢。 This cheat system really knows him very well.
它显然很清楚，就算十二天后他几个师父真的活尸病毒爆发，他十成十也不会下手砍了他们，只会把他们放在虫巢里养起来。
It was obviously very clear that even if the living corpse virus broke out in twelve days, he would not cut them down ten out of ten, but would only put them in the worm nest and raise them.
而这样的危险……也怪不得系统用等级和经验值都清零来威胁他。
And such a danger ...... It's no wonder that the system threatens him with zero level and experience points.
妈的！如果不能在这三天内解决新型活尸病毒的问题，他宁可清零重来！
Damn it! If he couldn't solve the problem of the new living corpse virus in these three days, he would rather clear it and start over!
不过，他也不可能真的眼睁睁看着三位师父变成活尸。 However, he couldn't really watch the three masters turn into living corpses.
还有什么方法？ What else is there to do?
好好想！ Think about it!
王叶你给我好好想！ Wang Ye, think about it for me!
木精灵这边还在询问王叶，那两名被感染的木精灵长老还有多长时间会转变。
The Wood Elves were still asking Wang Ye how long it would take for the two infected Wood Elf elders to transform.
王叶没答，生命之树倒是回答了：“最多三天。” Wang Ye didn't answer, but the Tree of Life replied: "Three days at most." ”
木精灵还在商讨这三天要如何拯救这两名精灵，大祭司又拿出了生命之液，但生命之树表明，生命之液只会让两名精灵身体稍微舒服一点，但对抑制和消灭新型活尸病毒没有任何用处。
The Wood Elves were still discussing how to save the two elves for the past three days, and the High Priestess took out the Liquid of Life, but the Tree of Life showed that the Liquid of Life would only make the two elves slightly more comfortable, but it would be of no use to suppress and destroy the new living corpse virus.
两名木精灵长老闻言，就坚决拒绝了生命之液。他们都知道这东西宝贵，现在生命之树又异变了，以后九成九无法再产出生命之液，而小的那个还不知道怎么说，就算能产出生命之液，也要等到小家伙成年以后。
When the two Wood Elf elders heard this, they resolutely rejected the Liquid of Life. They all know that this thing is precious, and now that the Tree of Life has changed again, nine out of nine will not be able to produce the Liquid of Life in the future, and the little one doesn't know what to say, even if it can produce the Liquid of Life, it will have to wait until the little one becomes an adult.
而生命之树的成年时间简直漫长得让木精灵心碎。 And the Tree of Life's adulthood is so long that it breaks the hearts of the Wood Elves.
所以大祭司手上现有的生命之液真的就是用一滴少一滴，宝贵无比。
Therefore, the liquid of life that exists in the hands of the high priest is really a drop less, and it is extremely precious.
王叶原地走来走去，团团转。 Wang Ye walked around in place, round and round.
闻笛和虫老都在虫巢中跟他说，让他不要急，说还有时间。
Wendi and Worm Lao both told him in the worm nest, telling him not to worry, saying that there was still time.
王叶知道他们只是安慰自己，此时他真的是十分后悔把师父们装进虫巢里，还把他们也牵连到他的任务中。
Wang Ye knew that they were just comforting himself, and at this time, he really regretted putting the masters in the worm nest and implicating them in his mission.
如果师父们没来找他，如果他没有把师父们随身携带，师父们也不会看到他有危险，就一起出手帮他，最终感染到病毒。
If the masters didn't come to him, if he didn't take the masters with him, the masters wouldn't have seen him in danger and would have helped him together, and eventually he was infected with the virus.
如果任何一位师父出事，王叶都无法原谅自己。 If something happened to any of the masters, Wang Ye would not be able to forgive himself.
一定有办法！王叶不住安慰自己。他记的很清楚，他闻笛师父在上辈子就研究出了活尸病毒的解药……
There must be a way! Wang Ye couldn't help but comfort himself. He remembered very well that Master Wendi had researched the antidote to the living corpse virus in his previous life......
王叶突然凝固。 Wang Ye froze suddenly.
他真他妈的脑子榆木化了！ He's so fucking elm-brained!
他闻笛师父上辈子研究出了活尸病毒的解药，这个配方他也知道啊！
He heard that Master Di had researched the antidote to the living corpse virus in his previous life, and he also knew this formula!
王叶哭笑不得，人啊，急起来的时候真的是解决方法就握在手里都会忘记。
Wang Ye couldn't cry or laugh, people, when he was in a hurry, he would forget the solution if he held it in his hand.
哦哦哦，他还不能就这么直接说出他知道药方，他还得想个好的借口。
Oh oh oh, he couldn't just say he knew the prescription, he had to come up with a good excuse.
突然！王叶眼睛一翻白，整个身体都抽搐起来。 Suddenly! Wang Ye's eyes rolled white, and his entire body twitched.
表演嘛，当然还是要卖力一点。 Performance, of course, you still have to work harder.
王叶突然倒下，还跟犯了羊癫疯一样，吓住了木精灵们，也吓住了虫巢里的师父们和小家伙们，雷木更是第一时间就冲出虫巢，抓住王叶就回到了虫巢内。
Wang Ye fell suddenly, and it was like committing a sheep madness, which frightened the wood elves, and also frightened the masters and little ones in the worm nest, Lei Mu rushed out of the worm nest as soon as possible, grabbed Wang Ye and returned to the worm nest.
生命之树很想跟着去虫巢看看，但看到只剩下上半身的大祭司，再看看伤心悲痛的木精灵们，生命之树到底还是留了下来。
The Tree of Life wanted to follow it to the hive, but seeing that only the upper body of the High Priest remained, and then looking at the sad and grieving Wood Elves, the Tree of Life was still left.
不说木精灵如何担心王叶。 Not to mention how the wood elves worried about Wang Ye.
王叶进入虫巢，师父们刚围过来查看，王叶为了不让师父们看出破绽——师父们太厉害太精明了，肯定会戳破他，王叶就突然睁开了眼睛，直愣愣地望向空间一点。
雷木听到王叶跟他意念传音：“挡住师父们，跟他们说这在以前也发生过，说我在白日做梦，马上就好。”
Lei Mu heard Wang Ye transmitting his thoughts: "Block the masters, tell them that this has happened before, that I am daydreaming, and that it will be fine right away." ”
雷木：“……” Raimi: "......"
雷木还能怎么办？只能依言挡住虫老和兰道，还用自己的身体遮住王叶头脸，对几位师父们，包括飞奔过来的小家伙们解释道：“没事，小叶子这种情况以前也发生过，他……很可能是看到了什么。”
What else can Reimu do? He could only block Worm Lao and Lan Dao according to his words, and also used his body to cover Wang Ye's head and face, and explained to several masters, including the little ones who rushed over: "It's okay, Xiao Yezi's situation has happened before, he ...... Most likely it was something that was seen. ”
众师父恍然。 All the masters were stunned.
疯药王满脸兴味道：“你让开，让我看看，我还是第一次看到预言者发这种样子的白日梦，简直跟抽筋了一样。”
The Mad Medicine King's face was full of excitement: "You get out of the way, let me see, it's the first time I've seen a prophet daydream like this, it's like cramps." ”
雷木必须咬住牙关，才能不让自己笑出来。他还得挡住疯药王，一本正经地说：“不要靠近小叶子，这时候不能惊动他。”
Reimu had to grit his teeth to keep himself from laughing. He also had to block the Mad Medicine King, and said seriously: "Don't get close to Xiao Yezi, don't alarm him at this time." ”
闻笛瞬间醒悟，也一把拉住虫老和兰道，劝说：“稍等。雷木既然说小叶子没事，那应该就没事。”
Wen Di instantly woke up, and also grabbed the worm old and Lan Dao, and persuaded: "Wait a minute." Since Lei Mu said that Xiao Yezi is fine, then it should be fine. ”
虫老立刻问闻笛：“他这种情况以前是不是也发生过？”
The insect elder immediately asked Wen Di, "Has this happened to him before?" ”
闻笛在心中痛骂某个九成九在演戏的小混蛋，但还不得不给他擦屁股：“嗯，没有这么严重，他大多数都是晚上做梦，不过这种白日梦状态偶尔也有过，应该是预知到什么紧急事情。”
Wen Di scolded a little bastard who was acting in his heart, but he had to wipe his buttocks: "Well, it's not so serious, he dreams most of the time at night, but this kind of daydreaming state has occasionally happened, and it should be predicted that something urgent." ”
幸好王叶发呆的时间不长，他很快就眨巴眼睛清醒了过来。
Fortunately, Wang Ye was in a daze for a short time, and he quickly blinked his eyes and sobered up.
雷木感知到王叶“醒了”，立刻转身，在他身边蹲下，戳他脸蛋，上来就问：“你梦到了什么？”
Lei Mu sensed that Wang Ye was "awake", immediately turned around, squatted down beside him, poked him in the face, and came up and asked, "What did you dream about?" ”
王叶看看雷木，又看看围着他的师父们，眼神一阵茫然，后清明过来，立刻坐起身道：“给我纸笔。”
Wang Ye looked at Lei Mu, and then at the masters surrounding him, his eyes were dazed for a while, and then Qingming came over, and immediately sat up and said, "Give me paper and pen." ”
兰道迅速塞了纸笔给他，他身上笔墨和空白卷轴最多。
王叶把空白卷轴放在地上，提笔就开始写药方。
唰唰唰，不到一会儿，王叶就把上辈子闻笛师父研究出来的活尸病毒药方写完。
In less than a while, Wang Ye finished writing the prescription for the living corpse virus that Master Wendi had researched in his previous life.
“师父，这是您研究出来的药方。”王叶直愣愣地把卷轴递给闻笛。
闻笛：？？？
王叶似乎不知道该如何描述，比手画脚地道：“我梦到的不一样，和现在不一样，那时师父看起来头发都白了，但您研究出了活尸病毒的消灭方法，您还借此进入了药王之境。”
Wang Ye didn't seem to know how to describe it, and said pointedly: "What I dreamed of is different, it's different from now, when Master looked like his hair was gray, but you have researched a way to eliminate the living corpse virus, and you have also entered the realm of the Medicine King." ”
闻笛明白了，敢情是他自己在上辈子研究出的药方。 Wen Di understood that daring was the prescription he had researched in his previous life.
这让他接过药方时很是感慨和……不好意思。 This made him very emotional and ...... when he took the prescription Excuse me.
好像又占另外一个自己的便宜了呢。 It seems that I have taken advantage of the other one.
另一边听到王叶这段话的虫老却误会了，这位摸摸下巴上的短胡渣，若有所思地说：“我曾听说预言者看到的时间长河是会变化的，也许小叶子看到的就是其中一条时间线上的可能，在这条时间线上，可能我还有兰道都死在新型活尸病毒下，只有闻笛活了下来。而闻笛很可能因为这个原因，一直熬尽心血研究活尸病毒的解药，这才会熬白了头发。”
On the other side, the worm elder who heard Wang Ye's words misunderstood, and the short beard on his chin was touched, and said thoughtfully: "I have heard that the long river of time seen by the prophet will change, maybe what Xiao Yezi sees is the possibility on one of the timelines, in this timeline, maybe I and Landau have both died under the new living corpse virus, and only Wen Di survived." And it is likely that Wendi has been working hard to study the antidote to the living corpse virus for this reason, which will make his hair white. ”
兰道干咳：“也可能是小叶子上次说的那条时间线，就是他压根没有拜我们为师，也没有捡……遇到余生不定大人和靳元辉大人的时间线。”
Landau coughed dryly: "It may also be the timeline that Xiao Yezi said last time, that is, he didn't worship us as a teacher at all, and he didn't pick up the ...... Meet the timeline of Lord Indefinite and Lord Jin Yuanhui for the rest of his life. ”
虫老和疯药王，还有靳蜘蛛顿时都对那条时间线上，王叶看到的事情好奇极了，如果不是双月星超凡者界有个常识——“窥探未来命运秘密的人，知道得越多，干涉得越多，结果就越糟糕”，他们一定会忍不住询问王叶很多很多。
Worm Elder and Mad Medicine King, as well as Jin Spider, were all very curious about what Wang Ye saw on that timeline, if it weren't for the common sense in the Twin Moon Star Transcendent Realm - "People who spy on the secrets of their future destiny, the more they know, the more they interfere, the worse the result", they would definitely be unable to help but ask Wang Ye a lot.
王叶郑重说明：“这应该是针对原活尸病毒的药方，针对新型活尸病毒有没有效果，还得再看。”
Wang Ye solemnly explained: "This should be a prescription for the original living corpse virus, and whether it is effective against the new living corpse virus has to be seen." ”
闻笛点头。这大概也是命运之神在给重生的王叶增加难度——你知道原活尸病毒解药药方又怎样，现在我就给你升级搞成新型活尸病毒。
Wen Di nodded. This is probably also the god of fate is increasing the difficulty for the reborn Wang Ye - you know what the antidote to the original living corpse virus is, now I will upgrade you to make a new living corpse virus.
同时这也是给他增加难度，免得一切都获得的太容易。 At the same time, it also makes it more difficult for him, so that everything does not get too easy.
不过有了这种药方，闻笛确实可以减少大量时间，至少他有了明确且正确的研究方向。这才是最重要的！
However, with this prescription, Wen Di can indeed reduce a lot of time, at least he has a clear and correct research direction. That's all that matters!
研究者研究某物某事，会花大量时间，往往就是因为不知道哪个研究方向是正确的，必须得一点点尝试才行。
Researchers spend a lot of time studying something and something, often because they don't know which research direction is the right one, and they have to try a little bit to do it.
现在闻笛不但有了正确方向，他还有了两位经验丰富的帮手。不说疯药王，只虫老，在药学上的造诣都不比他低，只是大家擅长的方向不一样而已。
Now Wendi not only has the right direction, but he also has two experienced helpers. Not to mention the crazy medicine king, only the worm is old, and his attainments in pharmacy are not lower than him, but everyone is good at different directions.
闻笛当即就把药方和虫老以及疯药王分享了。
王叶拿出药方还不放心，他怕还有后顾之忧，他把所有木精灵的任务链内容拿出来仔细琢磨，看看还有没有什么隐藏的提示。
Wang Ye took out the prescription and was not at ease, he was afraid that he would still have worries, so he took out the content of the task chain of all the wood elves and pondered it carefully, to see if there were any hidden hints.
第270章 历史、顿悟 Chapter 270: History, Epiphany
王叶跑出去找生命之树，请祂帮助回收虫巢中和师父们身上的病毒。
Wang Ye ran out to find the Tree of Life and asked him to help recover the virus in the hive and on the masters.
结果生命之树表示虫巢中没有病毒，而师父们身体中的病毒如果回收，那么活尸病毒就会占到上风并立刻被激活。
As a result, the Tree of Life indicates that there is no virus in the hive, and if the virus in the master's body is recovered, then the living corpse virus will prevail and be activated immediately.
王叶脑中有什么炸开，他自认专业最强、付出精力最多的就是炼药，在这一刻，他敏感地察觉到解决新型活尸病毒的一个途径。
Something exploded in Wang Ye's brain, he thought that his strongest profession and the most energy was refining medicine, and at this moment, he was sensitive to a way to solve the new living corpse virus.
王叶立即把生命之树跟他说的内容告诉了闻笛师父。 Wang Ye immediately told Master Wendi what the Tree of Life had told him.
闻笛听完这句话如获至宝。对于某些天才来说，有时候真的只是需要一点点提醒。
After hearing this, Wen Di was like a treasure. For some geniuses, sometimes it really just needs a little reminder.
毒药也能变成良药，只看你如何利用。 Poison can also become good medicine, depending on how you use it.
上辈子的闻笛师父研制出来的活尸病毒解药也是利用了某些毒药来杀死活尸脑干中的某种物质，用改变活尸病毒性质的方法，来让活尸病毒失效。
The antidote to the living corpse virus developed by Master Wen Di in the previous life also used certain poisons to kill a certain substance in the brain stem of the living corpse, and used the method of changing the nature of the living corpse virus to make the living corpse virus ineffective.
如果原来的解药不足以杀死新型活尸病毒，可如果加入虫母之前释放出来的疫病元素呢？
What if the original antidote wasn't enough to kill the new living corpse virus, but what if the blight element released before the mother worm was added?
王叶还想到了任务链之五中要求的可是回收和销毁所有病毒，病毒回到生命之树体内，算是销毁吗？
Wang Ye also thought of the requirement in the fifth task chain, but to recover and destroy all viruses, and the virus returned to the body of the Tree of Life, could it be considered destruction?
会不会系统仍旧要求他弄出不靠生命之树也能解决病毒的方法？
Could it be that the system still asks him to come up with a way to solve the virus without relying on the tree of life?
王叶无法偷懒了，他加入到闻笛师父的三人组中，跟着学习和打下手，不说能帮三位药学大佬查缺补漏，如果能发现点什么也是好的嘛。
Wang Ye couldn't be lazy, he joined Master Wendi's trio, followed by learning and working, not to mention that he could help the three pharmacy bosses to check and fill in the gaps, it would be good if he could find something.
地球科学界有显微镜可以观察到病毒的模样，也有其他仪器可以用来分析病毒。在双月星，魔法也能做到同样的事情，甚至在某些时候更加直观，效率更好得让你产生魔幻感。
There are microscopes in the earth sciences that can look at viruses, and there are other instruments that can be used to analyze viruses. In Twin Moons, magic can do the same thing, and even more intuitively and efficiently at some point.
这并不是魔法优于科学，只是魔法师们掌握了对能量的直接运用方法，他们可以更加直观地感受到能量的变化，从而比科学手段更快地得到某些结论。
It's not that magic is superior to science, it's just that magicians have mastered the direct use of energy, and they can feel the changes in energy more intuitively, so that they can come to certain conclusions faster than scientific methods.
科技手段也有很多优于魔法的地方。 There are also many advantages of technology over magic.
实际上地球很多科技手段表现得比魔法还魔法，电脑的出现就是科技对于能量和现象施展的“魔法”。
In fact, many of the earth's scientific and technological means are more magical than magic, and the emergence of computers is the "magic" of science and technology on energy and phenomena.
其实在王叶看来，魔法并不魔幻，它也有自己完整的理论基础，只是对能量的研究和利用和地球的科技走的不是同一种路子。换言之，魔法也是一种科学。
In fact, in Wang Ye's view, magic is not magical, it also has its own complete theoretical basis, but the research and utilization of energy is not the same path as the earth's technology. In other words, magic is also a science.
因为有这种概念，王叶对双月星一切知识的学习就很讲究对基础理论的理解，他深刻明白，只有基础打得牢，他才可能学习更多更高深的知识。
Because of this concept, Wang Ye's study of all the knowledge of Shuangyue Star is very important to the understanding of basic theories, and he deeply understands that only when the foundation is firmly laid, he can learn more and more advanced knowledge.
而且很多专业知识的基础真的有很多相通之处，等学习到更高深的地方，就会发现相通的地方会更多。
Moreover, there are really many similarities in the foundation of many professional knowledge, and when you learn more deeply, you will find that there will be more similarities.
王叶学习这么多门专业知识虽然要耗费他大量精力和时间，但他越学就越觉得值得，因为这些专业知识可以相互启发。
Although it takes a lot of energy and time for Wang Ye to learn so many professional knowledge, the more he learns, the more worthwhile he feels, because these professional knowledge can inspire each other.
雷木也没闲着，他被生命之树带到了一边。 Remu was not idle, he was taken aside by the Tree of Life.
雷木一动，王叶就看向他。 As soon as Lei Mu moved, Wang Ye looked at him.
雷木给了他一个放心的眼神，并给了王叶旁听的权力。 Lei Mu gave him a reassuring look and gave Wang Ye the right to listen.
王叶就分出一点心神注意着雷木。他也不是不相信生命之树，只是现在任务没完成，总感觉好像还有什么事情就要发生一样，王叶难免会对这位变异后的生命之树产生一点提防心。
Wang Ye paid a little attention to Lei Mu. It's not that he doesn't believe in the Tree of Life, it's just that now that the task has not been completed, he always feels as if something else is about to happen, and Wang Ye will inevitably be a little wary of this mutated Tree of Life.
“孩子，你的血脉有点奇特，那滴血就告诉我很多。能跟我具体说说你的情况吗？”生命之树和雷木交流。
"Son, your blood is a bit peculiar, and that blood tells me a lot. Can you tell me more about yourself? "The Tree of Life communicates with Raimu.
雷木想了想，他不想隐瞒这位“父亲”，让祂抱有过多的期盼，于是他当着这位生命之树的面转变了生命形态，从一个三头身的可爱木精灵幼崽转变成了平时的成年体。
Remu thought about it, he didn't want to hide this "father" and make him expect too much, so he transformed his life form in front of this tree of life, from a cute three-headed wood elf cub to a normal adult body.
而且这具成年体，他并没有掩饰自己身上的魔纹。 And this adult body, he did not hide the magic patterns on his body.
生命之树轻轻碰触他，了然：“你身上有四种血脉。人类、木精灵、我的，还有魔族。你能自然转化任一种血脉对吗？这很了不起。”
The Tree of Life touched him lightly, and it was clear that "you have four bloodlines in you. Humans, wood elves, mine, and demons. You can naturally transform any bloodline, right? It's remarkable. ”
雷木坦言：“我是实验体，不是正常途径诞生的孩子。”
Lei Mu confessed: "I am an experimental subject, not a child born in a normal way. ”
生命之树低笑，“我想当年如果没有我那颗种子加入，你可能无法诞生。”
The Tree of Life chuckled, "I don't think you would have been born if it hadn't been for my seed. ”
“哦？为什么这么说？” "Oh? Why? ”
“因为本质上你相当于是吸收了人类、木精灵和魔族的能量，让你，也就是那颗种子发芽并成长起来。否则生命之树种子只是发芽就有很多条件限制，不是谁都能让生命之树的种子发芽，想要让发芽的种子长大更是要耗费无限心力和大量能量。”
"Because in essence, you are equivalent to absorbing the energy of humans, wood elves, and demons, so that you, that seed, germinate and grow. Otherwise, there are many restrictions on the seed of the tree of life just to germinate, not everyone can make the seed of the tree of life germinate, and it takes infinite effort and a lot of energy to make the germinated seed grow. ”
雷木讶然，按照生命之树的说法，他的本质岂不就是生命之树？
Lei Mu was surprised, according to the Tree of Life, isn't his essence the Tree of Life?
生命之树像是知道他在想什么：“对，你就是生命之树，不是别的什么。至于你为何能转化其他种血脉，我想这应该是你的天赋能力。嗯，精灵族的天赋能力。而你吸收了这种天赋能力。我们生命之树原本就具有吸收其他种族能力转化为自己能力的特性。”
The Tree of Life seemed to know what he was thinking: "Yes, you are the Tree of Life, nothing else. As for why you're able to transform other bloodlines, I think it's your natural ability. Well, the elves' natural abilities. And you absorb this natural ability. Our Tree of Life has the property of absorbing the abilities of other races and transforming them into our own. ”
在偷听的王叶突然想到虫老曾经跟他提过的树人族的能力嫁接，这种嫁接能让一个树人同时拥有十几种甚至几十种能力。
Wang Ye, who was eavesdropping, suddenly thought of the ability grafting of the tree people that the worm elder had mentioned to him, this kind of grafting could allow a tree man to have more than a dozen or even dozens of abilities at the same time.
会不会当时被嫁接能力最多的树人就是生命之树？甚至这个方法就是生命之树提出来的？
Could it be that the tree man with the most grafted ability at that time was the tree of life? Or even that the Tree of Life came up with this method?
雷木眼中也打出问号，但他的问题则着重在精灵族身上。
Thunderwood also had a question mark in his eyes, but his question focused on the elves.
生命之树笑道：“精灵族的天赋就是他们不受遗传限制，他们也没有生育隔离，他们可以和任何种族结合，生出任何模样的孩子。他们甚至可以把他们吃掉的某种生物的血脉特性转化出来。不过这是古精灵族才能做到的，现在这种能力已经隐藏在精灵族的血脉中，不再怎么能表现出来。”
雷木和王叶都还是第一次听说精灵族竟然有这种特性。
“我跟你说说我们生命之树和精灵族的历史吧。”生命之树拍拍雷木，一人一树就围绕着湖泊，边走边说。
“我们生命之树原本并不特殊，只是树人中的一员，但我们的成长时间特别慢，生出智慧的时间也特别慢，在成长期，我们更像是懵懂的幼童，有一点智慧和感情，却无法表达很多。因为稀少，也因为连让种子发芽都难，生命之树哪怕有树人们的专心培养，仍旧越来越少。”
“后来，当时仅有一棵的成年生命之树遇到了精灵族。当时的精灵族也遇到了困难，他们生出的精灵蛋因为不适应这个世界，导致难以孵化。精灵族想要改变自己的生命形态，想要更适应这个世界，他们想了很多种方法，甚至想要从本源来改变自己。他们原本有更简单的路走，但他们并没有伤害双月星的生物，他们只是想要求一条和其他生灵共同存在的生存之道。”
雷木听到这里，心中产生了一个疑问，但他忍住没问，听生命之树继续说历史。
王叶也竖起了耳朵，他觉得他就要听到这个世界最大的秘密之一。
生命之树摸摸雷木的后脑勺，继续说道：“那棵生命之树帮助了当时的精灵族，他为他们提供了生命之液，好帮助精灵蛋里的生命能更适应这个世界，从而孵化。而精灵族则为生命之树提供让他成长的能量。他们开始互助，之后就慢慢形成了互相供养的关系。”
“也许这种关系再过几万年或几十万年，精灵族彻底适应了这个世界，就不再需要生命之液的帮助也能孵化精灵蛋，而生命之树的形态也许也会产生改变，比如缩短成长期之类。”
雷木恍然大悟：“原来如此，我还以为生命之树和精灵族是一体的。”
生命之树笑起来，透露了一个秘密：“不，精灵族其实是外来者。”
树人一族总是知道很多秘密，对他们来说这就不是秘密，只是历史。
“精灵族是外来者？”雷木惊讶。 "Elves are outsiders?" Remu was surprised.
偷听的王叶则毫不惊讶，生命之树的话只是验证了他某个猜测。
生命之树笑道：“很惊讶？不过他们这一族出现的很早，大约在其他智慧种族出现之前就落到了双月星，他们是树人族之后出现的一大智慧种族，所以精灵族和树人族的关系一直很好。”
雷木心中一动，问道：“精灵族一开始就是这副模样吗？”
“当然不是。他们当时的模样和金宝差不多，长大后也是大蜥蜴，实际上他们有一段时间也被称为龙族。”
"Of course not. They looked similar to Campbell at the time, and when they grew up, they were also big lizards, in fact, they were also called dragons for a while. ”
“什么？！”雷木吃惊，瞪大了眼睛。 "What?!" Remu was taken aback, and his eyes widened.
生命之树哈哈大笑：“很惊讶是不是？这个秘密也就只有树人族知道了。精灵族在进化途中分成了两支，一支叫龙族，一支则向人形发展。因为当时的部分精灵族判断人形是更优异的进化方向，而龙族因为生育能力和太能吃等等缺点，被认为未来发展有限。”
The Tree of Life laughed: "Surprised, isn't it? This secret is known only to the Treants. The elves have evolved into two branches, one called the dragon race, and the other has developed into a human form. Because some elves at that time judged that the human form was a better evolutionary direction, and the dragon race was considered to have limited future development due to its shortcomings such as fertility and being too able to eat. ”
“但龙族也有很多优势，自然不愿放弃这样的进化道路，他们决定离开双月星，去寻找龙族的未来。那时，双月星正遭逢最大的一场祸事，一半双月星遭遇了一场史无前例的陨石袭击，另一半双月星则出现了很多空间裂缝。”
"But the dragon clan also has many advantages, and naturally they are not willing to give up such an evolutionary path, so they decided to leave the double moon star and go to find the future of the dragon clan. At that time, the Twin Moon Star was suffering the biggest disaster, half of the Twin Moon Star was hit by an unprecedented meteorite attack, and the other half of the Twin Moon Star had many spatial rifts. ”
“不止龙族，有很多智慧种族也派出部分成员跟着龙族进入了他们选出来的空间裂缝，想要探寻新的世界和新的发展契机，他们有的走了相同的空间裂缝，有的去了不同的。而龙族对他们选定的空间裂缝有着十足的信心，他们几乎举族迁移了。”
"Not only the dragons, but also many intelligent races have also sent some members to follow the dragons into the spatial rift they selected, wanting to explore a new world and new development opportunities, some of them have gone to the same spatial rift, and some have gone to different ones. And the dragons had full confidence in the spatial rift they had chosen, and they almost moved the clan. ”
雷木明白了：“所以这个世界有龙族的传说和各种遗迹，却看不到龙族。”
Lei Mu understood: "So there are legends and various relics of the dragon clan in this world, but you can't see the dragon clan. ”
“是这样。这些历史，我会都传给你。我会帮你开启你的血脉传承，到时你会知道很多很多事情，你会发现这个世界非常有意思。”生命之树充满磁性的嗓音带了一点点调皮。
"That's right. I will pass on all this history to you. I will help you open your bloodline, and then you will know many, many things, and you will find the world very interesting. The Tree of Life's magnetic voice was a little mischievous.
雷木诚恳道：“谢谢。” Lei Mu said sincerely: "Thank you." ”
生命之树笑了：“你是我的孩子，帮你开启传承本来就是我的职责。我们生命之树生长缓慢，如果等到你自己觉醒继而继承血脉传承的那一刻，你还得等上很多很多年。为了不浪费时间，我们生命之树就有了在离开前培育下一代并帮他开启传承的传统。”
The Tree of Life smiled: "You are my child, and it was originally my duty to help you start the inheritance. Our Tree of Life grows slowly, and you will have to wait many, many years if you awaken yourself and carry on your bloodline. In order not to waste time, our Tree of Life has a tradition of nurturing the next generation and helping him start the legacy before leaving. ”
“离开？”雷木停住脚步。 "Leave?" Raimu stopped.
生命之树眼望前方，悠悠道：“我们之所以被称为生命之树，不仅因为我们是延续别的种族生命的良药，同时也因为我们的生命特别漫长，至少在双月星从没有老死的生命之树。当年，和龙族一起离开的就有其他还活着的生命之树。他们留下了那个空间裂缝的坐标，如果有生命之树想要去探寻新的生命之路，就可以从那里离开。”
The Tree of Life looked ahead and said leisurely: "The reason why we are called the Tree of Life is not only because we are the medicine that perpetuates the life of other races, but also because our life is extremely long, at least in the Twin Moon Stars, the Tree of Life has never died of old age. Back then, there were other living Trees of Life that left with the Dragons. They left behind the coordinates of that spatial rift, from where the Tree of Life could leave if it wanted to explore a new path of life. ”
王叶和雷木心跳加速，新的世界、新的未来啊，这太具有吸引力了。但现在显然还不是他们考虑离开这个世界的时候，他们还有很多事情没有完成，最起码他们的实力还很低微。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu's hearts beat faster, a new world, a new future, this is too attractive. But now is obviously not the time for them to consider leaving this world, they still have a lot of work to do, at least their strength is still very low.
生命之树也这样说道：“你将来有机会也可以离开这个世界，不过要等到你的实力最少达到半神的程度，也就是十级和十一级之间。”
The Tree of Life also said, "You can leave this world if you have the opportunity in the future, but only until your strength reaches at least the level of a demigod, that is, between levels ten and eleven. ”
说到这个级数，生命之树又笑起来：“你们称呼我和木守为半神，实在是夸张了，实际上我们距离神灵的级别还远得很。在远古时期，远古魔虫没有随着陨石落到这个世界上时，这个世界的原生命其实是可以突破到十一级的。可就算突破到十一级的存在也不敢自称神灵，但他们的实力确实进入了另一种层次，这让他们可以很顺利地保护自己的种族进入空间裂缝，去别的世界闯荡。”
Speaking of this level, the Tree of Life laughed again: "You call me and Kimori demigods, which is really an exaggeration, in fact, we are still far from the level of gods. In the ancient period, when the ancient demon insect did not fall into this world with the meteorite, the original life of this world could actually break through to the eleventh level. But even if they broke through to the eleventh level, they didn't dare to call themselves gods, but their strength did enter another level, which allowed them to smoothly protect their race from entering the spatial rift and go to other worlds. ”
“总之，如果你要离开这个世界，必须让自己的实力达到十级以上。”
"In short, if you want to leave this world, you must make your strength above level ten."
雷木忍不住问：“为什么后来就没有人能达到十一级？”
Lei Mu couldn't help but ask, "Why didn't anyone reach level eleven later?" ”
“好问题。”生命之树慢悠悠地说道：“因为适应。” "Good question." The Tree of Life said slowly, "Because of adaptation." ”
“适应？” "Adaptation?"
“对。我有没有跟你说那些远古魔虫随着陨石来到这个世界，带来了很多不属于这个世界的元素？”
"Yes. Did I tell you that those ancient demon worms came to this world with meteorites, bringing with them many elements that did not belong to this world? ”
雷木摇头，又点头道：“您现在说了。” Lei Mu shook his head, nodded again, and said, "You said it now." ”
生命之树哈哈大笑：“我记得后来有些超凡者总是说当年的天灾和远古魔虫导致双月星的生命血脉被污染，这才断绝了成神之路，这句话其实很不对。”
The Tree of Life laughed: "I remember that some transcendents always said that the natural disasters and ancient demon insects of the year caused the life bloodline of the Double Moon Star to be polluted, and then cut off the path to godhood, this sentence is actually very wrong. ”
雷木和王叶都很急，却只能等着这位慢性子半神慢慢说。
Lei Mu and Wang Ye were very anxious, but they could only wait for this chronic demigod to speak slowly.
生命之树也没拖延，很快就解谜了：“实际上双月星以前只有异术者，而没有魔法师。直到那场遍布半个世界的陨石雨降临后，新的元素充斥这个世界，让这个世界的能量产生变异，这才产生了魔力。而空间裂缝，则让魔族找到了这个世界，他们为了捕猎灵魂，投递魔种，从而把魔法知识也一点点带到这个世界。这之后才有了魔法师的出现。”
The Tree of Life did not delay, and quickly solved the puzzle: "Actually, the Twin Moon Stars used to have only magicians, not magicians. It wasn't until the meteorite rain that spread half the world descended that new elements flooded the world, causing the energy of this world to mutate, and the magic power was generated. The spatial crack allowed the demons to find this world, and they sent the demon seed in order to hunt souls, so as to bring magical knowledge to this world little by little. That's when the magician appeared. ”
雷木和王叶都是震惊脸。原来这个世界的魔法师竟然是这么出现的？
Lei Mu and Wang Ye both had shocked faces. It turns out that the magicians of this world actually appeared like this?
生命之树看向雷木，笑道：“现在你明白适应的意思了吗？”
The Tree of Life looked at Lei Mu and smiled, "Now do you understand what it means to adapt?" ”
雷木了然：“您是说我们不是不能突破十级达到十一级，只是需要时间。”
Lei Mu said: "You're saying it's not that we can't break through the tenth level to reach the eleventh level, it's just that it takes time." ”
“对。任何进化和改变都需要时间。我们的身体需要适应魔力，而规则也需要重新建立。同样修炼方法也需要重新揣摩。以前突破十级的方法，只适用于魔力产生前的双月星。现在还用那种方法或者只是改良的方法，当然没有多少用处。现在的超凡者还需要更多地去理解这个世界的能量规则，找出新的规律，只有了解规则和规律，你才可能打破它。”
"Yes. Any evolution and change takes time. Our bodies need to adapt to the magic, and the rules need to be re-established. In the same way, cultivation methods also need to be rediscovered. In the past, the method of breaking through level 10 was only applicable to the Double Moon Star before the mana was generated. It is of course of no use to use that method or just an improved method. The current transcendents also need to understand more of the energy rules of this world, to find new laws, and only by understanding the rules and laws can you break it. ”
雷木听了这段话，心里十分震动。王叶更是想到了知识之城，他在想知识之城那些怪物级大佬之所以会自我毁灭，是不是就因为他们的研究走入了死路？
When Lei Mu heard this, his heart was very shaken. Wang Ye even thought of the City of Knowledge, and he wondered if the reason why those monster-level bosses in the City of Knowledge would self-destruct was because their research had reached a dead end?
而知识之城的“消失”，双月星顶级术法知识的断层，又会不会是一种世界自然的规律发展，让现存的超凡者们去尝试更多修炼方法的试探？
And the "disappearance" of the City of Knowledge, the fault line of the knowledge of the top magic of the Double Moon Star, could it be a kind of natural development of the world, allowing the existing transcendents to try more cultivation methods?
这个问题，没有谁能给王叶答案。 No one can give Wang Ye an answer to this question.
自然界的发展有时就是那么神奇，像是偶然，又像是必然。
The development of the natural world is sometimes so miraculous, like accident, and like inevitable.
偶然、必然……相辅相成……相生相克…… Accidental, inevitable...... Complement one another...... Mutual Restraint......
雷木被生命之树拉到了湖泊中心，不知为何，这位生命之树很喜欢小湖泊，他用树枝裹着雷木没入湖水中。
Thunderwood was pulled to the center of the lake by the Tree of Life, and for some reason, the Tree of Life liked the small lake, and he wrapped Thunderwood in a branch and submerged in the lake.
王叶感知到雷木很好，就没管生命之树的举动。 Wang Ye sensed that Lei Mu was very good, so he ignored the actions of the Tree of Life.
生命之树开始帮助雷木开启血脉传承。 The Tree of Life began to help Thunderwood open the bloodline.
而王叶这边则进入了呆滞状态。 And Wang Ye's side entered a sluggish state.
但在闻笛等几位大佬眼中，王叶明显是进入顿悟状态。 But in the eyes of Wendi and other bigwigs, Wang Ye obviously entered a state of epiphany.
这种状态，诸位大佬都遇到过，他们很多关键难题都是在这种顿悟状态中找到答案。
This state has been encountered by all the bigwigs, and many of their key problems are found in this state of epiphany.
闻笛做了个手势，其他师父们都绕开了王叶，给他提供了绝对安静的环境。
Wen Di made a gesture, and the other masters all bypassed Wang Ye and provided him with an absolutely quiet environment.
王叶脑中有很多知识在飞舞，重生后，他一年多学习的知识，累加起来已超过他前世学习的知识的总和。
Wang Ye had a lot of knowledge flying in his mind, and after being reborn, the knowledge he had learned in more than a year had accumulated more than the sum of the knowledge he had learned in his previous life.
这些知识和前世的知识交融、分离，又组成新的结构，在他脑海中组成了一个极为瑰丽奇幻的世界。
These knowledge and the knowledge of the previous life were blended and separated, and then formed a new structure, forming an extremely magnificent and fantastic world in his mind.
百科全书打开，一个个知识点印入书中，包括他自己的理解和感悟。
The encyclopedia was opened, and one by one knowledge points were printed into the book, including his own understanding and perception.
不知不觉间，他的鉴定术就从初级升级到了中级。 Before he knew it, his identification skills had been upgraded from beginner to intermediate.
当王叶的眼睛落到那张活尸之毒的解决药方上时，他的脑中真的亮起了一道闪电。
When Wang Ye's eyes fell on the prescription for the poison of the living corpse, a lightning bolt really lit up in his brain.
第十二天上午，生命之树带着雷木从小湖泊中出来。 On the morning of the twelfth day, the Tree of Life came out of the small lake with Thunderwood.
雷木似乎还是那个雷木，但又似乎有所不同。 Thunderwood seems to be the same Thunderwood, but it seems to be different.
不过这时王叶暂时顾不上雷木的变化，他第一时间跑到生命之树身边，张口就道：“你想再次转变生命形态，更好地控制这具身体吗？你想让你身上的疫病元素变得可控还能自由转化成原本的生命之液吗？给我一点你的汁液，就你现在身体中的。”
However, at this time, Wang Ye couldn't care about the changes in Lei Mu for the time being, he ran to the Tree of Life for the first time, and opened his mouth and said, "Do you want to transform your life form again and better control this body?" Do you want the plague elemental in your body to be controllable and freely transformed into the original liquid of life? Give me a little of your juice, right now in your body. ”
生命之树十分惊奇，但祂看着小孩的神情，竟然没有多问，当即就给出了约有一百毫升的汁液。
The Tree of Life was amazed, but when he looked at the child's expression, he didn't ask much, and immediately gave about a hundred milliliters of juice.
王叶拿着这些汁液就掉头跑回他和闻笛等人的临时炼药室中。
Wang Ye took the juice and turned around and ran back to the temporary alchemy room where he and Wen Di and the others were located.
时间来到下午，眼看傍晚将至。 It's afternoon, and it's getting closer.
王叶提供的新思路、生命之树提供的原料，加上那张药方，闻笛主导并亲手炼制的新活尸病毒转化药剂终于成功。
With the new ideas provided by Wang Ye and the raw materials provided by the Tree of Life, plus that prescription, the new Living Corpse Virus Transformation Elixir led by Wen Di and refined by himself was finally successful.
是的，不是活尸病毒灭除药剂，而是转化药剂。 Yes, not a living corpse virus killer, but a conversion agent.
把活尸病毒转化为中毒者的身体养料，让新活尸病毒变成了一种特殊的、可以优化改造中毒者身体的元素，却摒除了活尸病毒原本对中毒者的负面效果。
Transforming the living corpse virus into the body nourishment of the poisoned person makes the new living corpse virus a special element that can optimize and modify the body of the poisoner, but eliminates the original negative effect of the living corpse virus on the poisoner.
如果这药剂真有效果，那显然是一个大大的进步，甚至能改变世界发展进程的进步。
If this elixir does work, it is obviously a great progress, and it can even change the course of world development.
闻笛第一个给自己注射了这瓶药剂。 Wen Di was the first to inject himself with this bottle of potion.
这同样也是一个改变，药剂不再是服用，而是变成了注入。
This is also a change, the potion is no longer taken, but injected.
这会让效果更快。 This will make the results faster.
所有人都看着闻笛，等待结果。 Everyone watched and waited for the results.
第271章 任务链完成、升级 Chapter 271: Quest Chain Completion and Upgrade
闻笛注射完药剂，就开始在他的魔法笔记本上写他用药后的感受。
After Wen Di finished injecting the potion, he began to write down his feelings after the drug in his magic notebook.
没几分钟，闻笛放下魔法笔，“我感到了困倦，药剂现在正在改造我的身体，唔，正确说应该是和新型活尸病毒产生反应，进而改造我的身体。这个过程，应该需要不少时间，我想我可能会睡几个小时。在我入睡后，希望……”
After a few minutes, Wen Di put down the magic pen, "I feel sleepy, the potion is now transforming my body, well, it should be correct to react with the new living corpse virus, and then transform my body." This process should take quite a bit of time, and I think I might sleep for a few hours. After I fell asleep, I hope ......"
“我来监督你的身体，继续做记录。”虫老道。 "I'll supervise your body and keep taking notes." Worm old way.
疯药王也道：“我会从旁辅助。”他因为非实体缘故，很多事不能做，只能提供理论支持。
The Mad Medicine King also said, "I will assist from the side." "Because he is not a physical entity, he can't do a lot of things, and he can only provide theoretical support.
这支转化药剂，疯药王就贡献了很多，可以说如果没有疯药王，这支药剂也许会出现，但绝不会这么快。
This transformation potion, the Mad Medicine King has contributed a lot, it can be said that if there is no Mad Medicine King, this elixir may appear, but it will never be so fast.
大家都不介意等一等，但王叶介意啊。 Everyone doesn't mind waiting, but Wang Ye minds.
十二天的时限就要结束了，如果不能在这之前解决问题，不止是他的等级要清零这样的小问题，他担心病毒也会因为某些疏漏导致泄露出去，他最担心的是师父们被新型活尸病毒侵害。
The twelve-day time limit is coming to an end, and if he can't solve the problem before then, not only is it a small problem like his level being cleared, but he is worried that the virus will also leak out due to some omissions, and what he is most worried about is that the masters will be harmed by the new living corpse virus.
所以！ So!
“再等两个小时，如果闻笛师父没有特别糟糕的反应，我建议所有体内已经有新型活尸病毒的，全都注射活尸病毒转化药剂。”王叶道。
"Wait another two hours, if Master Wendi doesn't have a particularly bad reaction, I suggest that all those who already have a new type of living corpse virus in their bodies should be injected with the living corpse virus transformation potion." Wang Ye said.
虫老第一个反对，不是怕死，而是出于严谨的态度，在第一个实验体还没有出结果前，怎么可以让其他人一起尝试？
The worm elder was the first to object, not because he was afraid of death, but out of a rigorous attitude, how could he let others try it together before the first test subject had no results?
但王叶非常坚持，最后没办法，王叶只能拉出生命之树之前说的话的当幌子：“生命之树之前也说了，新型活尸病毒的潜伏时间最多就是三天，现在已经快到时限。而且……你们知道我的那个能力，我有非常可怕的迫切感，如果不能在这个时限内解决新型活尸病毒，一定会有更严重的问题发生。”
But Wang Ye was very persistent, and in the end there was no way, Wang Ye could only pull out the pretense of what the Tree of Life said before: "The Tree of Life also said before that the incubation time of the new living corpse virus is at most three days, and now the time limit is approaching." And...... You know my abilities, and I have a terrible sense of urgency, and if I don't solve the new living corpse virus within this time frame, there will be more serious problems. ”
生命之树忽然探出一条触手指了指自己：“也包括我吗？我也要注射这种转化药剂？”
The tree of life suddenly reached out with a tentacle and pointed at itself: "Is that me, too?" I'm going to inject this conversion agent too? ”
“对，不过你注射的是另一种，这种药剂里面混合了我的血液。”王叶也不知道自己为什么要加入自己的血液，这就是一种直觉。
"Yes, but you're injecting something else, and it's a potion mixed with my blood." Wang Ye didn't know why he wanted to add his own blood, this was an intuition.
而混合了王叶血液的转化药剂很奇妙地竟然保留了转化活尸病毒的功效，可同时也变成了另一种毒药，毒性效果和千木之毒表现出来的一模一样。
And the transformation potion mixed with Wang Ye's blood miraculously retained the effect of transforming the living corpse virus, but at the same time, it also became another poison, and the toxic effect was exactly the same as that of the poison of a thousand trees.
其他人不同意，但疯药王却意外地支持了王叶的做法。 The others disagreed, but the Mad Medicine King unexpectedly supported Wang Ye's approach.
疯药王的理由是他的千木之毒就是通过毒药来锻炼身体，再用解药进一步滋养和推动身体素质和精神力的提高，这是一种活性的、进化型的特殊魔药，且具有能吞噬万毒的作用。
The reason for the mad medicine king is that his Thousand Wood Poison is to exercise the body through poison, and then use the antidote to further nourish and promote the improvement of physical fitness and mental strength, which is an active, evolutionary special potion, and has the effect of devouring all poisons.
换言之，千木之毒理论上也可以吞噬和同化虫母释放的病毒。为了证明这点，王叶不顾其他师父的不同意，偷偷让自己沾染了虫母病毒，结果屁事没有。
In other words, the poison of a thousand trees can theoretically also devour and assimilate viruses released by the mother worm. In order to prove this, Wang Ye ignored the disagreement of other masters and secretly let himself be infected with the worm mother virus, but there was no.
这也让疯药王更得意更骄傲。 This also made the Mad Medicine King even more proud and proud.
疯药王先丢一边，总之，王叶凭借直觉给转化药剂加入了他的血液，并把这份特殊药剂送给了生命之树。
The Mad Medicine King threw it aside, in short, Wang Ye added his blood to the transformation potion with his intuition, and gave this special potion to the Tree of Life.
王叶也跟生命之树说明了他的血液中的千木之毒。 Wang Ye also explained to the Tree of Life the poison of a thousand trees in his blood.
生命之树对千木之毒并不怂，还很感兴趣。祂是生命之树，本质上也不怕万毒，否则祂被一只疫病虫母寄生这么多年，哪还能继续分泌生命之液？早就树死变怪物。
The Tree of Life is not intimidated by the poison of a thousand trees, and is still very interested. He is the tree of life, and he is not afraid of all poisons in nature, otherwise he has been parasitized by a mother of plagues and insects for so many years, how can he continue to secrete the liquid of life? The tree has long since died and turned into a monster.
反正祂已经是这个样子了，基本上这世间也没什么东西能真正害死祂。生命之树完全不介意王叶在自己身上做实验，祂甚至很好奇王叶的血液加入活尸病毒转化药剂，再注入到祂现在这具变异身体中，会产生什么样奇特的变化。
Anyway, he's already like this, and basically nothing in this world can really kill him. The Tree of Life didn't mind Wang Ye experimenting on him at all, and he was even curious about what kind of strange changes would be produced when Wang Ye's blood was added to the Living Corpse Virus Transformation Potion and then injected into his current mutated body.
因为王叶的“预知”能力，最终虫老和兰道都同意不等闻笛的用药结果，一起注射转化药剂。
Because of Wang Ye's "prediction" ability, in the end, Worm Lao and Landau agreed to inject the transformation agent together without waiting for the results of Wendi's medication.
小云因为一直待在虫巢里，而虫巢似乎有自净功能，他很安全，并没有感染病毒。
Because Xiaoyun has been staying in the hive, and the hive seems to have a self-cleaning function, he is safe and has not been infected with the virus.
如果不是虫老他们在虫巢外面就先感染了病毒，他们也不会感染病毒。
If it weren't for the worms, they wouldn't have been infected with the virus outside the hive.
之前虫老他们焚烧掉衣裤鞋袜，其实并没有多少作用，那些虫母病毒并不怕高温，最后还是虫巢把这些病毒给吞噬了。
Before, they burned their clothes, pants, shoes and socks, but it didn't have much effect, and those insect mother viruses were not afraid of high temperatures, and in the end, the insect nest devoured these viruses.
而虫老他们保留下来做实验的病毒因为装在封闭的魔法容器中，这才保存下来。
And the virus they kept for experiments was preserved because it was contained in a closed magic container.
小金宝则是一直跟着雷木，被雷木的生命守护魔法一并保护了。这是树人一族独有的能力，谁也羡慕不来。
Little Jinbao has been following Lei Mu and has been protected by Lei Mu's life guardian magic. This is a unique ability of the Treants, and no one can envy it.
但此时，王叶还没注意到虫巢具有自净能力，更没注意到虫巢也就是他自己正在暗中“进化”。
But at this time, Wang Ye hadn't noticed that the insect hive had the ability to self-purify, let alone that the insect hive was secretly "evolving".
王叶虽然把虫巢融合了，但潜意识中他还是习惯性把虫巢和他自己分开，却忽略了他和虫巢根本就是一体，虫巢升级，相当于他的身体在升级。而他不怕万毒，虫巢同样不怕万毒。
Although Wang Ye fused the hive, subconsciously he still habitually separated the hive from himself, but ignored that he and the hive were fundamentally one, and the hive was upgraded, which was equivalent to his body being upgraded. And he is not afraid of all poisons, and the hive is also not afraid of all poisons.
更何况他的虫巢中还容纳了小光和它的族群，而小光可是率领一批精英吞噬了三枚疫病虫母诞育的优质虫卵，正在结茧进化中。
What's more, his hive also contains Xiaoguang and his clan, and Xiaoguang has led a group of elites to devour the high-quality eggs born by the mother of the three blighted insects, and is in the process of cocooning and evolving.
和王叶也就是和虫巢契约的浮游光虫们有所变化，王叶也就是虫巢怎么可能没有变化？
The planktonic light insects that contract with Wang Ye, that is, with the hive, have changed, how can Wang Ye, that is, the hive, not change?
同理，王叶在虫巢中利用虫巢的特性帮助生命之树掌控变异躯体，同样也回馈到王叶（虫巢）身上。
In the same way, Wang Ye uses the characteristics of the hive to help the Tree of Life control the mutated body in the hive, and also gives back to Wang Ye (the hive).
不过这种改变和进化都是一点点来的，也怪不得王叶没有察觉。
However, this kind of change and evolution came little by little, and it was no wonder that Wang Ye didn't notice it.
王叶给师父们注射了转化药剂，又亲眼看着生命之树给自己注射了特殊药剂，当即就带着几支药剂出去找木精灵大佬们。
Wang Ye injected the transformation potion into the masters, and watched the Tree of Life inject himself with a special potion, so he immediately went out with a few potions to find the wood elf bosses.
“这是新型活尸病毒转化药剂，是我师父们努力的结果。不要问我师父们在哪里，也不要问我具体效果如何。但我可以告诉诸位，我和雷木都注射了，包括生命之树。如果你们愿意尝试，也许还有恢复正常的可能，如果不愿意，等待你们的就是死亡。我相信你们不会愿意让自己变成活尸，对吗？”
"This is a new type of living corpse virus transformation agent, and it is the result of the efforts of my masters. Don't ask me where the masters are, and don't ask me how effective they are. But I can tell you that both Thunderwood and I have been injected, including the Tree of Life. If you are willing to try, there may be a possibility of returning to normal, but if you are not, death awaits you. I'm sure you're not willing to turn yourself into a living corpse, are you? ”
大祭司木守抬手阻止翡睿的询问，她亲自和王叶交涉：“我们愿意。就如你所说，在没有其他更好的办法下，如果不用你的药剂，我只能杀死我的族人。药剂拿来吧，要怎么用？”
High Priest Mu Shou raised his hand to stop Fei Rui's inquiry, and she personally negotiated with Wang Ye: "We are willing." As you say, there is no better way to kill my people without your potions. Bring the potion, how do you use it? ”
王叶很大方地把装有药剂的盒子放到大祭司手里，然后说道：“这是你们的人数份，我知道你们不是全员感染，多的是备用。这种针对新型活尸病毒的转化药剂对原活尸病毒一样有效果。你们要是不想要，可以退给我。”
Wang Ye generously put the box containing the potion in the high priest's hand, and then said: "This is your number, I know that you are not all infected, and more are spare." This conversion agent against the new living corpse virus is just as effective as the original living corpse virus. If you don't want it, you can give it back to me. ”
王叶没提价钱，但他相信木精灵不可能小气。 Wang Ye didn't raise the price, but he believed that the wood elves couldn't be stingy.
谁能买药不给钱？ Who can buy medicine without paying?
大祭司确实很大方，她在收到药剂并知道使用方法后，就给了王叶一个小箱子。
The high priest was indeed very generous, and after she received the potion and knew how to use it, she gave Wang Ye a small box.
她还说道：“这是购买药剂的费用，包括生命之树的在内。而且这是前款，如果药剂有效果，我会再另外付你一笔感谢费。”
She added, "This is the cost of purchasing potions, including the Tree of Life. And this is the previous paragraph, if the potion has an effect, I will pay you another thank you fee. ”
王叶就喜欢这样上道又大方的顾客。 Wang Ye likes such a decent and generous customer.
等他打开小箱子一看，发现里面竟然是满满一百枚六级魔晶，这让他对木精灵的好感更是biubiu飙升。
When he opened the small box, he found that it was full of a hundred sixth-level magic crystals, which made his favor for the wood elves soar even more.
木精灵显然比其他系精灵大方多了。 The Wood Elves are obviously much more generous than the other Elves.
大祭司把药剂交给族长翡睿，经过生命之树检查，又确定有两位长老感染了新型活尸病毒。
The High Priest gave the potion to the patriarch Philippe, and after being examined by the Tree of Life, it was determined that two elders were infected with the new living corpse virus.
作为药师的澧河长老没感染，他就在王叶的指点下，给这倒霉的四位长老分别注射了药剂。
As a pharmacist, Elder Lihe was not infected, so under the guidance of Wang Ye, he injected the unlucky four elders with the medicine respectively.
接下来就是枯燥的等待时间。 Then there's the boring waiting time.
王叶担心师父们，就又回去了虫巢。 Wang Ye was worried about the masters, so he went back to the hive.
翡睿靠近大祭司，布置了一个结界，才说道：“大祭司，刚才那孩子说……”
Fei Rui approached the high priest and arranged an enchantment before saying, "High priest, that kid just said ......"
大祭司轻笑：“他的师父们九成也在他的空间中。而且之前和虫母的战斗，他的师父们肯定也帮忙了，否则这场战斗不可能结束得这么快。我也感觉到虫母体内有几股不弱于你们的能量，我之前以为是那孩子的师父们送给那孩子的保护手段，没想到就是那孩子的师父们本尊。”
The High Priest chuckled, "Ninety percent of his masters are also in his space. And in the previous battle with the worm mother, his masters must have also helped, otherwise this battle would not have ended so quickly. I also felt that there was a few energies in the insect mother's body that were not weaker than yours, I thought it was a means of protection given to the child by the child's masters, but I didn't expect it to be the child's masters themselves. ”
“那我们……” "Then we ......"
“不用多做什么，他们想出来就会出来，不出来，那就以后再说。而且我觉得他们不出来也是在尊重我们，毕竟这事属于我族丑闻，他们假装不知道，暗中帮忙，也省得见面尴尬。我们就和小崽儿打打交道就好。”大祭司心情很好地说道。
"They don't have to do much, they will come out if they want to, and if they don't come out, then they will talk about it later. And I think they are respecting us if they don't come out, after all, this matter belongs to our clan scandal, and they pretend not to know, and secretly help, which also saves the embarrassment of meeting. We'll just deal with the cubs. The high priest said in a good mood.
翡睿明白了。怪不得大祭司那么厚待那个人类小崽，其实也算是在变相感谢小孩身后师父们的帮忙。
Philip understood. No wonder the high priest treated the human cub so kindly, in fact, he was thanking the masters behind the child for their help in disguise.
时间一点一滴过去。 Time passed little by little.
雷木看王叶越来越焦躁，拉住他：“聊聊？” Lei Mu saw that Wang Ye was getting more and more anxious, and grabbed him: "Let's talk? ”
王叶不想聊，他抱住了雷木的腰。现在只有雷木能让他平静下来。
Wang Ye didn't want to talk, he hugged Lei Mu's waist. Now only Raimu can calm him down.
“木木，如果转化药剂没有成功，我会养着变成活尸的师父们，直到我想出法子救治他们。”王叶抬头道。
"Mu Mu, if the transformation potion is not successful, I will raise the masters who have turned into living corpses until I come up with a way to cure them." Wang Ye raised his head and said.
雷木揉揉他的脑袋，笑：“当然，我会帮你一起养。听说活尸爱吃鲜肉？也许以后我们的空间里还需要养殖一些鸡鸭鱼羊猪牛？再养殖一些低级魔兽？”
Lei Mu rubbed his head and smiled: "Of course, I will help you raise it together." I heard that living corpses love fresh meat? Maybe in the future, we will need to breed some chickens, ducks, fish, sheep, pigs, and cattle in our space? Breed some more low-level magical beasts? ”
王叶崩溃地道：“木木，我求你千万不要在你的精灵空间里搞养殖场，那可是精灵空间！你应该在里面种满花花草草，而不是养一群猪。”
Wang Ye collapsed and said: "Mu Mu, I beg you not to build a farm in your elf space, that is the elf space!" Instead of raising a herd of pigs, you should have a lot of flowers and plants in it. ”
雷木大笑：“总之是要养一些的，你的虫巢空间比以前大了那么多，完全可以隔出一个专门的家畜养殖区。”
Lei Mu laughed: "Anyway, you have to raise some, your nest space is so much larger than before, and you can completely separate a special livestock breeding area." ”
“好吧好吧，我养还不行吗。”王叶嘀嘀咕咕，还和雷木商量：“要养就养营养价值更高、性价比更高、口感也更好的，到时就让小光的那群虫子去看管养殖区。它的虫群增加了那么多，总不能让它们闲着没事干。嗯？”
"Okay, okay, I can't raise it." Wang Ye muttered, and also discussed with Lei Mu: "If you want to raise it, you can raise it with higher nutritional value, higher cost performance, and better taste, and then let Xiaoguang's group of insects take care of the breeding area." Its swarm has increased so much that it can't afford to sit idle. Well? ”
“怎么了？” "What's wrong?"
王叶转头，看着湖边小树林方向，高兴地道：“小光它们醒了！”
Wang Ye turned his head, looked at the direction of the grove by the lake, and said happily: "Xiaoguang, they are awake!" ”
结茧十二天的小光终于结束了它这次升级。 The little light that had been cocooning for twelve days finally ended its upgrade.
从虫房里飞出来的小光炫耀一般地在王叶和雷木面前转了几圈。
The small light that flew out of the insect room showed off and circled a few times in front of Wang Ye and Lei Mu.
“哇哦。”王叶和雷木同时惊赞。 "Wow." Wang Ye and Lei Mu were surprised at the same time.
升级后的小光也不知是不是把升级的力量都用在改变外表上了，它变成了一只金光闪闪的虫儿。
After the upgrade, Xiaoguang didn't know if he used the power of the upgrade to change his appearance, and it turned into a golden insect.
翅膀就像蝴蝶的翅膀一样，又大又轻盈，颜色则是纯金色，上面还有着奇特的纹路。
The wings are like the wings of a butterfly, large and light, and the color is pure gold, with strange patterns on them.
这些纹路大概就是唯一可以证明它还是浮游光虫的特质了。
These patterns are probably the only ones that can prove that it is still a planktonic insect.
而小光的身体则变得像是……如果硬要形容，就是小光变成了一只长着金色蝴蝶翅膀的金色兰花螳螂？
And Xiaoguang's body became like a ...... If you have to describe it, Xiaoguang has turned into a golden orchid mantis with golden butterfly wings?
瞧瞧小光那高昂的脑袋，还有那扬起的两只螳螂刀臂，真的是充满螳螂本螂的傲气和霸气。
Look at Xiaoguang's high head, as well as the two raised mantis knife arms, it is really full of the arrogance and domineering of the mantis itself.
金宝看到这样的小光特别兴奋，叽叽叫着。 Jinbao was very excited to see such a small light and chirped.
王叶和雷木的神情都有些古怪，要笑不笑。因为金宝正在冲着小光喊弟弟。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu's expressions were a little strange, and they wanted to laugh or not. Because Jinbao is shouting at Xiaoguang for his brother.
小光落到金宝脑袋上，很是亲昵地用刀臂拍了拍金宝的头，又飞了起来，这次它落到了王叶手掌上。
Xiaoguang fell on Jinbao's head, patted Jinbao's head with the knife arm very affectionately, and flew up again, this time it fell on Wang Ye's palm.
“咿咿！我好看吗？”小光举着刀臂，一副王叶敢说不好看就要砍了他的架势。
"Babble! Am I good-looking? Xiaoguang held his knife arm, and Wang Ye dared to say that it was not good-looking, and he was going to cut his posture.
王叶敢说不好看吗？再说小光现在的变化是真的挺好看的，就是……
Does Wang Ye dare to say that it is not good-looking? Besides, Xiaoguang's current changes are really good-looking, that is, ......
“我没想到你会朝这个方向变化，难不成那几只虫卵有美容效果？”王叶好奇。
"I didn't expect you to change in this direction, could it be that those eggs have a beauty effect?" Wang Ye was curious.
“咿！”小光轻轻砍了下王叶的手指。 "Bah!" Xiaoguang gently chopped off Wang Ye's fingers.
锋利的刀臂在王叶的手指上留下一条白痕。 The sharp blade left a white mark on Wang Ye's finger.
王叶不痛不痒，继续逗小光：“你喜欢螳螂？” Wang Ye didn't feel any pain or itching, and continued to tease Xiaoguang: "Do you like praying mantises?" ”
小光昂起头：“咿咿咿！螳螂不美不威武吗？” Xiaoguang raised his head: "Babble! Isn't the praying mantis beautiful and mighty? ”
王叶还能怎样，当然是一个劲地夸啦。 What else can Wang Ye do, of course, he is a strong boast.
小光这才满意地说出重点：“咿咿，以后我们再也不用害怕疫病系寄生虫，我可以和我的子民吃掉它们！”
Xiaoguang then said the point with satisfaction: "Babble, we don't have to be afraid of epidemic parasites in the future, I can eat them with my people!" ”
“那你能消灭疫病系寄生虫释放出来的病毒吗？”王叶可不指望这世上只有一只疫病系虫母。
"Can you destroy the virus released by the parasite?" Wang Ye didn't expect that there was only one epidemic mother in this world.
小光骄傲道：“当然！我们分泌的虫蜜就是最好的消除病毒的灵药……应该是，你可以试试。现在有谁感染病毒了？我们弄一点虫蜜给他吃吧，看看效果如何。”
Xiaoguang said proudly: "Of course! The worm honey we secrete is the best elixir to eliminate viruses...... It should be, you can try. Who is infected with the virus now? Let's get him some worm honey and see how it goes. ”
“有实验用的虫子，我们就用那些虫子做实验。”王叶大喜！这简直就是意外之喜。
"If there are experimental bugs, we will use those bugs for experiments." Wang Ye is overjoyed! It was nothing short of a bonus.
他原先还在担心生命之树不可能一直跟着他们，也不可能一直帮助回收感染者体内的病毒，可现在有了小光和它的虫群，他还担心什么？
He was still worried that the Tree of Life would not be able to follow them all the time, and it would not be possible to help recover the virus from the infected all the time, but now that Xiaoguang and its swarm were in his body, what else was he worried about?
生命之树也许很厉害，但祂只有一个。可小光它们可是能源源不断地产出虫蜜！
The tree of life may be powerful, but it is only one. But they are a source of energy, and they continue to produce insect honey!
小光同意了，等把那些虫子治疗好，正好给它吃掉当口粮，一点都不浪费。
Xiaoguang agreed, and when those bugs were treated, he would just give them to eat as rations, and he would not waste them at all.
王叶当即就拿着小光新产出的一点虫蜜去做实验了。 Wang Ye immediately took a little insect honey produced by Xiaoguang to do the experiment.
如果真有效果，那么以后他们就有了对付疫病的最佳原生药材。
If it really works, then they will have the best native herbs to deal with epidemics in the future.
而活尸病毒的药材也不用担心，就算以后没有生命之树跟在身边，只要有之前注射了转化药剂的人，他们的血液可以作为原材料，再佐以一定药物，同样能炼制转化药剂。
And there is no need to worry about the medicinal materials of the living corpse virus, even if there is no tree of life with you in the future, as long as there are people who have been injected with the transformation agent before, their blood can be used as a raw material, and then supplemented with a certain medicine, it can also be used to refine the transformation agent.
换言之，每一个注射了转化药剂的人都是能治疗活尸病毒的药材，这种药材在某种程度上也是源源不断的。
In other words, everyone who has been injected with the transformation agent is a medicine that can treat the living corpse virus, and this medicine is also in abundance to some extent.
最大的两个问题解决，王叶浑身都轻松了。 The two biggest problems were solved, and Wang Ye was relaxed.
可系统仍旧没有给出任务完成的提示，王叶有点摸不着头脑了。难道转化药剂没有用？难道他的师父们真的逃不过这次劫难？难道他真的要再次从头开始？
But the system still didn't give a hint of the completion of the task, and Wang Ye was a little confused. Isn't the conversion agent useful? Could it be that his masters really couldn't escape this catastrophe? Is he really going to start all over again?
难道上辈子的命运真的无法改变吗？ Is it true that the fate of the previous life cannot be changed?
就在距离十二天时限还有一个小时左右时，生命之树忽然发出了一阵低沉的笑声。
Just as there was still an hour or so before the twelve-day time limit, the Tree of Life suddenly let out a low laugh.
“原来如此！那只虫母真的很奸诈。” "I see! That mother worm is really treacherous. ”
王叶和雷木听到声音，一起赶到湖泊边。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu heard the sound and rushed to the lake together.
在湖泊边扎根的生命之树神态轻松地摇曳着树枝。 The tree of life, rooted by the lake, swayed its branches with ease.
“怎么回事？”王叶刚问出这句话，就听到脑中连续响起提示音。
"What's going on?" As soon as Wang Ye asked this sentence, he heard a continuous prompt sound in his head.
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王完成木精灵任务链之三，拯救了大祭司木守，帮她与生命之树分离，并延续了她的生命。特此奖励一百万点经验值，木精灵好感度从一般增进为友好。并特别获得大祭司木守的喜爱和生命之树的感激。得到增益效果“大祭司木守的喜爱”，在大祭司木守存活期间，可让玩家以后木系魔法自动加成20%的效果。】
[Congratulations to the player next door Xiao Wang for completing the third part of the Wood Elf quest chain, saving the High Priest Mu Shou, helping her separate from the Tree of Life, and extending her life.] 1,000,000 XP is awarded and Wood Elf opinion is increased from Normal to Friendly. And especially won the love of the high priest Kimori and the gratitude of the tree of life. Gain the buff "High Priest Kimori's Favorite", which allows the player to automatically increase the effect of 20% of future Wood magic while High Priest Kimori is alive. 】
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王完成木精灵任务链之四，找到了另一枚失落的生命之树种子雷木，并帮助其得到了生命之树的传承。特此奖励一百万点经验值，木精灵好感度从友好增进为亲密。同时获得生命之树的喜爱和感激。得到永恒增益效果“老人爱说古”，以后玩家遇到老年人时，有50%可能从老人口中听到各种故事。】
[Congratulations to the player next door Xiao Wang for completing the fourth of the Wood Elf quest chain, finding another lost Tree of Life Seed Thunderwood, and helping him get the inheritance of the Tree of Life.] 1,000,000 XP is hereby awarded, and the Wood Elf's friendship is increased from friendly to intimate. At the same time, gain the affection and gratitude of the tree of life. Gain the Eternal buff "Old Men Love to Talk Ancient", and when the player encounters the elderly in the future, 50% of them are likely to hear various stories from the old people. 】
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王完成木精灵任务链之五，成功回收和销毁所有病毒。特此奖励一百万点经验值，木精灵好感度从亲密增进为尊敬。同时获得增益效果“生命之树的爱护之心”，该效果为永恒自动增益效果，可增加玩家的植物亲和度和植物辨识能力。】
[Congratulations to the player next door Xiao Wang for completing the fifth of the Wood Elf task chain and successfully recovering and destroying all viruses.] 1,000,000 XP is hereby awarded, and the Wood Elf's opinion is increased from intimacy to respect. Also gain the buff "Tree of Life's Caring Heart", which is an eternal auto-buff that increases the player's plant affinity and plant recognition. 】
王叶听到这里，顾不得问生命之树发现了什么，也顾不得高兴，他拉着生命之树就跑出虫巢，冲着大祭司木守就喊：“疫病元素全部消灭了，赶紧打开圣地，让生命之树回收那些魔螨！快！”
When Wang Ye heard this, he didn't care to ask what the Tree of Life had found, and he didn't care to be happy, he pulled the Tree of Life and ran out of the hive, shouting at the high priest Mu Shou: "All the epidemic elements have been eliminated, hurry up and open the holy place, let the Tree of Life recover those demon mites!" Fast! ”
大祭司看向生命之树。 The High Priest looked at the Tree of Life.
生命之树对她摇了摇树枝，“打开吧，没事了。” The Tree of Life shook its branch at her, "Open it, it's all right." ”
大祭司迅速打开了圣地。 The high priest quickly opened the holy place.
生命之树再次扎根于圣庭，树身和树冠也再次变大。 The Tree of Life took root again in the Holy Court, and its body and canopy grew in size again.
这次祂的能量没有再扩散出去，而是发出了召唤。 This time His energy did not spread out again, but instead called.
片刻后，大量魔螨从天空、地面集中而来，涌入生命之树的身体。
A moment later, a large number of demon mites gathered from the sky and the ground and poured into the body of the Tree of Life.
这一幕看着很瘆人。 This scene looks very frightening.
但在场的存在都看得很仔细，没有谁离开。 But the presence was watched very carefully, and no one left.
王叶等待着，终于！ Wang Ye waited, finally!
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王完成木精灵任务链之二，在时限内寻找到了魔螨肆虐的根源，并彻底消除了魔螨之灾，成功挽救了木精灵秘境。特此奖励一百万点经验值，木精灵好感度尊敬加喜爱。以后你就可以在木精灵秘境横着走了。】
[Congratulations to the player next door Xiao Wang for completing the second part of the Wood Elf task chain, finding the root cause of the Demon Mites within the time limit, and completely eliminating the plague of the Demon Mites, and successfully saving the Wood Elf Secret Realm. Hereby rewarding 1,000,000 XP points, Wood Elf favorability is respected and loved. After that, you will be able to walk sideways in the Wood Elf Secret Realm. 】
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王完成木精灵任务链之一，精灵战士翡爵的委托，为精灵村落金水村的田地除去虫害。特此奖励一万点经验值，木精灵好感度尊敬加喜爱，同时获得精灵战士翡爵的特别尊重。】
[Congratulations to the player Xiao Wang next door for completing one of the Wood Elf task chains, the Elf Warrior Feijue's commission, to remove pests from the fields of the Elf Village of Jinshui Village.] Hereby rewarding 10,000 experience points, the Wood Elves have the friendship of respect and love, and at the same time receive the special respect of the Elf warrior Feijue. 】
最后。 At last.
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，成功完成木精灵秘境全部任务链任务，特此奖励经验值两百万点。世界声望值10000。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, Xiao Wang, for successfully completing all the task chain tasks of the Wood Elf Secret Realm, and hereby rewarding two million experience points.] World Fame is 10000. 】
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到9239099点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到八十五级。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, after deducting the experience points that have been used, the player's experience points have accumulated 9239099 points, and the game level has been upgraded to level 85 if the upgrade conditions are met. 】
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王的世界声望值总计达到14100点。从现在开始，玩家隔壁小王可以面向全世界玩家发布任何任务而不需要花费任何经验值。请注意，任务内容同样需要游戏系统审核。另外，任务奖励请发布者自行准备。】
[Congratulations to the player, the world reputation of Xiao Wang next door has reached a total of 14,100 points.] From now on, the player next door can publish any mission to players all over the world without spending any experience points. Please note that mission content is also subject to review by the game system. In addition, the publisher should prepare the task rewards. 】
王叶这边还没蹦跶起来，地球那边的游戏论坛先一步炸了。
Before Wang Ye could jump up, the game forum on the other side of the earth exploded first.
好像每次游戏论坛爆炸都和某人有关呢。 It seems that every time the game forum explodes, it has something to do with someone.
“啊啊啊！八十五级了！某人竟然升到八十五级啦！” "Ahhh Eighty-five! Someone has reached level eighty-five! ”
“他刚才还是六十四级。颤抖~” "He was still level sixty-four. Trembling~"
“他在六十这个级别也待了不少时间了，有好几个月了吧。升上去也不奇怪，肯定是这几个月都在做某个大型任务，刚刚应该是完成了。”
"He's been at sixty for a long time, a few months. It's not surprising to go up, it must have been doing some kind of big task for the past few months, and it should have been completed just now. ”
“号外号外，隔壁小王给某权威医学杂志寄送论文！” "Outside the nickname, Xiao Wang next door sent a paper to an authoritative medical journal!"
“最新消息，有人说隔壁小王和之前双月星各校魔法大比中那个超级小天才小叶子一样，都会拉二胡！”
"The latest news, some people say that Xiao Wang next door is the same as the super genius Xiao Ye in the previous magic competition of the two moon star schools, and he will play erhu!"
“哦哦哦，国粹啊，感觉二胡要火。” "Oh, oh, the quintessence of the country, I feel that the erhu is going to be on fire."
“有人注意到那个超级小天才小叶子是男扮女装吗？” "Has anyone noticed that the super genius Xiao Yezi is a man disguised as a woman?"
“隔壁小王到底在哪里？有人找到他没有？为什么没有一个玩家说和他做过任务？难道他所有任务都是单独完成的？他就没有下副本吗？”
"Where the hell is Xiao Wang next door? Did anyone find him? Why hasn't a single player said they've done a quest with him? Could it be that all his tasks are done alone? Didn't he get a copy? ”
“同奇怪！” "Same weird!"
“我举报，我有个朋友喝醉酒说他和隔壁小王一起下过副本。想知道我那个朋友是谁，私聊我。”
"I reported that a friend of mine got drunk and said that he had a copy with Xiao Wang next door. Want to know who that friend of mine is, chat with me privately. ”
“卧槽！楼上那个不会要出卖朋友吧？” "! The one upstairs wouldn't betray his friend, would he? ”
“我去私聊了，他要钱，是真的要卖朋友。” "I went to have a private chat, he asked for money, he really wanted to sell his friends."
“那根本就不是朋友，不要侮辱朋友这个词！” "That's not a friend at all, don't insult the word friend!"
论坛上各种消息吵得风风火火，王沐在家阳台种菜也种得风生水起。
All kinds of news on the forum are noisy, and Wang Mu grows vegetables on the balcony at home.
因为这些蔬菜长得太好，王沐一个人吃不完，还送给了邻居不少。
Because these vegetables grew so well, Wang Mu couldn't eat them all by himself, and gave a lot of them to his neighbors.
后来邻居吃得好，还有人特别来跟她买。 Later, the neighbors ate well, and some people came to buy from her.
但这次收获量比较大，她就没等邻居们上门，而是带着这些蔬菜到小区临时菜场摆摊卖。
But this time the harvest was relatively large, so she didn't wait for her neighbors to come to the door, but took these vegetables to the temporary vegetable market in the community to set up a stall to sell.
现在王沐心态特别好，也不缺钱花，她就给她家蔬菜标了个比较高的价格，爱买不买。而且她打算只卖几天，等把成长的这批蔬菜采摘完，她就不卖了。
Now Wang Mu has a very good mentality, and she is not short of money to spend, so she marked a relatively high price for her vegetables, and she likes to buy them or not. And she plans to sell it for only a few days, and when she finishes picking the growing vegetables, she won't sell them.
第272章 大祭司说古 Chapter 272: The High Priest Says Gu
王叶蹦到了雷木身上，但在雷木把他举高高之前，又迅速跳下来。
Wang Ye jumped on Lei Mu, but before Lei Mu could lift him high, he quickly jumped down again.
雷木虽然不明白王小叶在高兴什么，但王叶的心情还是传染了他，让他也笑了起来。
Although Lei Mu didn't understand what Wang Xiaoye was happy about, Wang Ye's mood still infected him and made him laugh too.
木精灵大佬们看着成年体的雷木，正在想这人的身份，就听他们的大祭司对这个英俊酷帅的青年笑道：“没想到你还能变成这样，看来你的出生也有很多秘密。”
The wood elf bosses looked at the adult Lei Mu and were thinking about the identity of this person, so they heard their high priest smile at this handsome and handsome young man: "I didn't expect you to be like this, it seems that your birth also has many secrets." ”
雷木笑笑，没解释。 Remu smiled, not explaining.
生命之树恢复到一米四左右的高度，伸出虫足走到雷木身边，似乎为自己有这样的后代很骄傲的模样，又像是在为他撑腰。
The Tree of Life regained its height of about one meter and four, and stretched out its insect feet to Lei Mu's side, as if he was very proud of having such a descendant, and as if he was supporting him.
大祭司也没有刨根问底，不管雷木是什么样，她只要确定雷木就是生命之树，而且对精灵族没有恶意就好。
The High Priestess didn't get to the bottom of it, no matter what Lei Mu was like, she just had to be sure that Lei Mu was the Tree of Life and had no ill will towards the Elves.
木精灵大佬们反应也很快，从大祭司的话语中猜测出雷木身份，不由讶异万分，但他们也没有多嘴询问，只是不住暗中打量这个成年体的雷木。
The wood elf bosses also reacted quickly, guessing the identity of Lei Mu from the words of the high priest, and they couldn't help but be surprised, but they didn't ask much, they just kept secretly looking at this adult Lei Mu.
生命之树的生长速度绝没有这么快，那么这是某种障眼法，或者是生命之树的某个能力？
The Tree of Life never grows that fast, so is this some kind of trick, or is it some of the Tree's abilities?
木精灵大佬们和大祭司一样，就觉得这个小生命之树有很多秘密，包括那个人类小崽一样。这两个就不像是普通小孩。
Like the High Priest, the Wood Elf bosses felt that this little tree of life had many secrets, including that little human cub. These two don't look like ordinary children.
王叶看木精灵在照顾那四位昏睡的木精灵长老，族长翡睿则在和大祭司商量出去如何对全木精灵安抚和解释的事。
Wang Ye saw that the wood elves were taking care of the four sleeping wood elf elders, and the patriarch Fei Rui was discussing with the high priest how to go out to appease and explain to the whole wood elves.
王叶就绕到生命之树身边，低声问祂，祂之前说的那句话是什么意思。
Wang Ye went around to the Tree of Life and whispered to Him what He meant by what He had said earlier.
生命之树呵呵笑道：“我应该谢谢你，谢谢你放入的血液，你的那滴血液很有用处。”
The Tree of Life laughed and said, "I should thank you, thank you for the blood you put in, that drop of your blood is very useful." ”
随后生命之树告诉王叶，说虫母在祂的身体中做了一个非常隐秘的手脚，那是另外一种病毒，一旦设定时间到达，那病毒就会自动从生命之树的身体中溢散出来。
Then the Tree of Life told Wang Ye that the Mother Worm had made a very secret hand and foot in his body, that it was another virus, and once the set time arrived, the virus would automatically overflow from the body of the Tree of Life.
而且不是一次性，而是缓慢的，会随着生命之树的呼吸，慢慢把病毒扩散到这个世界。
And it's not a one-time thing, it's slow, and it will slowly spread the virus into this world with the breath of the tree of life.
因为这种病毒非常隐秘，一开始并不是病毒，直到和生命体结合后才会产生病毒反应，所以生命之树也无法察觉。连半神都无法察觉，其他人更不能。
Because this virus is very secretive, it is not a virus at first, and it does not react until it combines with a living organism, so the tree of life cannot detect it. Not even the demigods could detect it, let alone anyone else.
等到病毒进入生命体中产生反应，那时也已经迟了。 By the time the virus enters the living body and reacts, it will be too late.
谁想到带有王叶血液的特殊药剂进入生命之树体内，属于王叶的千木之毒竟然发现了那种隐秘病毒，引得那病毒和千木之毒激烈抗争，这才被生命之树发现。
Who would have thought that a special potion with the blood of Wang Ye would enter the body of the Tree of Life, and the poison of a thousand trees belonging to Wang Ye would actually discover that kind of hidden virus, which caused the virus to fight fiercely against the poison of a thousand trees, and it was discovered by the tree of life.
抗争结果就是那病毒被千木之毒给吞噬同化了。 The result of the struggle was that the virus was swallowed and assimilated by the poison of a thousand trees.
现在生命之树只要按照王叶给出的药方把千木之毒解掉，加上那份转化药剂，它的生命形态还会进一步提升。
Now, as long as the Tree of Life removes the poison of a thousand trees according to the prescription given by Wang Ye, and adds that transformation potion, its life form will be further improved.
生命之树非常欣慰地看着王叶：“谢谢你，如果不是你，我们可能都被那只狡猾的虫母给坑了。”
The Tree of Life looked at Wang Ye with great satisfaction: "Thank you, if it weren't for you, we might all have been pitted by that cunning worm mother." ”
王叶也在抹汗，这一刻他是感激游戏系统的，因为它老是不做任务完结提示，才让他灵机一动（破釜沉舟）地试一试。
Wang Ye was also wiping his sweat, and at this moment he was grateful to the game system, because it always didn't give the task end prompt, so he had the idea to give it a try.
而他对生命之树产生的警惕也没错，虽然生命之树意识没问题，但其身体还是有问题，幸好千木之毒也是个霸道家伙，看到什么毒都要上去斗一斗。
And his vigilance against the Tree of Life is not wrong, although the consciousness of the Tree of Life is fine, but there is still something wrong with his body, fortunately, the poison of the thousand trees is also a domineering guy, and he has to go up and fight when he sees any poison.
这时王叶忍不住……不不不，他才不会感激疯药王，他顶多把这件事告诉那疯老头，让他得意去。
At this time, Wang Ye couldn't help but ...... No, no, no, he wouldn't be grateful to the mad medicine king, at most he told the crazy old man about it and let him go proudly.
疯药王这时候并没有注意外面，他正在观察和守护昏迷的虫老三人，忙得很，以至于错过了一次当面炫耀的机会。
The Mad Medicine King didn't pay attention to the outside at this time, he was observing and guarding the unconscious worm old three, so busy that he missed an opportunity to show off in person.
雷木也听到生命之树和王叶的对话，心中不禁也一阵后怕。
Lei Mu also heard the conversation between the Tree of Life and Wang Ye, and he couldn't help but be afraid for a while.
这只虫母真的是太狡猾了，死了都不忘给他们挖坑，幸好小叶子机灵，也幸好小叶子身上有千木之毒。
This insect mother is really too cunning, and she doesn't forget to dig a pit for them when she dies, fortunately Xiao Ye is clever, and fortunately Xiao Ye has the poison of a thousand trees.
这么看来，小叶子当初中了千木之毒，也能说是一种幸运？甚至有种被命运安排的味道。
From this point of view, Xiao Yezi was poisoned by a thousand trees at the beginning, which can also be said to be a kind of luck? There is even a taste of being arranged by fate.
不过这话就不能跟小叶子说了，否则小叶子一定会给他白眼看。
But you can't say this to Xiao Yezi, otherwise Xiao Yezi will definitely give him a blank look.
雷木想到命运这个词汇，又摇摇头。 Reimu thought of the word fate and shook his head again.
命运也许有祂的力量存在，但个人的选择和发展也很重要。
Destiny may have its power, but personal choice and development are also important.
如果小叶子个人能力不强，他中了千木之毒时就废掉了。同样，如果小叶子没有用心学习各专业知识，并都学得非常好，他也不可能得到几位师父的青睐，不可能去参加专业大比，自然也不可能进入裂隙战场。
If Xiao Yezi's personal ability is not strong, he will be abolished when he is poisoned by a thousand trees. Similarly, if Xiao Yezi didn't study all the professional knowledge with his heart and learned them all very well, it would be impossible for him to get the favor of several masters, it would be impossible for him to participate in the professional competition, and naturally he would not be able to enter the rift battlefield.
同样，如果小叶子没有想要和他尽量待在一起，而选择炼金，而不是他更擅长的炼药，他也不会被迪普大师选中。
Similarly, if Xiao Yezi didn't want to stay with him as much as possible, and chose alchemy instead of alchemy, which he was better at, he wouldn't have been chosen by Master Dipu.
总而言之，命运只是起到推力的作用，最终做选择的还是自己。他们可以重视命运（直觉）给他们的提醒，但也不需要就此被命运束缚住。
All in all, fate only plays the role of a push, and it is you who ultimately make the choice. They can value the reminders that fate (intuition) gives them, but they don't need to be bound by fate.
他相信这也不是命运的本意。 He believed that this was not the intention of fate either.
命运就是计划，而自己的人生则是变化。计划永远都赶不上变化，但计划也会随着变化而改变。
Destiny is a plan, and one's life is a change. Plans never keep up with change, but plans change with change.
大祭司木守在和族长翡睿说话时，暗中用精神力扫了王叶一遍又一遍，在王叶排斥之前，收了回来。
When the high priest Mu Shou was talking to the patriarch Fei Rui, he secretly swept Wang Ye over and over again with his spiritual power, and before Wang Ye could reject it, he took it back.
她刚刚察觉王叶的能量波动不太对，第一次还以为自己看错了。
She had just noticed that Wang Ye's energy fluctuations were not quite right, and for the first time, she thought she was wrong.
但这次她已经可以确认，那个人类小崽的实力等级真的从六级升到了八级。
But this time, she could already confirm that the strength level of that human cub had really risen from level six to level eight.
一个十岁的孩子，八级？ A ten-year-old, grade eight?
说出去谁会相信？
大祭司不知道王叶是如何在短短时间内从六级的魔导士一跃成为八级的大魔导师，就这个水平都能在各大魔法学校当教授了。
The high priest didn't know how Wang Ye had gone from a sixth-level magician to an eighth-level archmage in a short period of time, and he could become a professor in major magic schools at this level.
但这个问题轮不到她去探寻，自有那孩子的师父们为他烦心。
But it was not her turn to explore this question, and the masters who had the child themselves were worried about him.
而她相信这孩子这么明显的实力变化，他的师父们也不可能不察觉。
And she believed that with such an obvious change in this child's strength, it was impossible for his masters not to notice it.
如果这孩子的灵魂有异，比如被夺舍之类，他的师父们也不可能看不出来。
If there is something wrong with this child's soul, such as being taken away, it is impossible for his masters not to see it.
同样，她和生命之树也不可能看不出来。 In the same way, it is impossible for her and the tree of life not to be seen.
既然这孩子的灵魂和他的身体一致，那么这孩子也许有其他的特殊奇遇。就像雷木的诞生就是一个奇迹，那么奇迹身边伴随着另外一个奇迹，似乎也不是那么奇怪？
Since the child's soul is in line with his body, the child may have had other special adventures. Just like the birth of Thunderwood is a miracle, then it doesn't seem so strange that a miracle is accompanied by another miracle?
现在大祭司还不知道这样的奇迹，在木精灵秘境打开后，在她走出木精灵秘境后，她会看到很多很多。
Now the High Priest doesn't know such a miracle, after the Wood Elf Secret Realm is opened, after she walks out of the Wood Elf Secret Realm, she will see many, many more.
有一群从蓝星群岛秘境出来的超凡者，他们个个都是超级天才，一个个实力上升都飞快，他们一般快则三年、慢也顶多五六年左右，就能从什么都不懂的门外汉快速升级为九级大佬。
There is a group of transcendents who came out of the secret realm of the Blue Star Islands, all of them are super geniuses, and their strength rises rapidly, they are generally fast for three years, and slow for about five or six years at most, and they can quickly upgrade from a layman who doesn't know anything to a ninth-level boss.
他们甚至还拥有不死之力！ They even have the power of immortality!
如果不是这些蓝星群岛人掌握术法的熟悉程度，绝大多数不如双月星稳打稳扎的超凡者们，他们的精神力应用更是远远不如，导致这些蓝星群岛人的实力和他们的等级不太匹配，双月星人恐怕都要联合起来抵制这些蓝星群岛人。
If it weren't for the familiarity of these Blue Star Islanders in mastering the magic, the vast majority of the transcendents who were not as steady as the Twin Moon Islanders, and their spiritual power application was far inferior, resulting in the strength of these Blue Star Islanders not matching their level, and the Twin Moon Islanders would probably have to unite to resist these Blue Star Islanders.
不过蓝星群岛人的特殊，也引起了某些势力和组织对他们的兴趣。
However, the peculiarity of the people of the Blue Star Islands has also aroused the interest of certain forces and organizations in them.
蓝星群岛人在双月星造成的混乱和给双月星土著们带来的冲击先放到一边。
The chaos caused by the Blue Star Islanders and the impact on the natives of the Twin Moon Stars are put aside.
大祭司已经和族长翡睿商量妥当，她将留在圣地继续守护那四名昏睡的长老，只澧河长老留下，其他长老都会随同族长翡睿一起离开圣地，去秘境各处安抚木精灵们。
The High Priest has already discussed with the Patriarch Fei Rui that she will stay in the Holy Land to continue to guard the four sleeping elders, only Elder Lihe will stay, and the other elders will leave the Holy Land with the Patriarch Fei Rui and go to various places in the secret realm to appease the wood elves.
“那些转移出去的孩子和精英们，要命令他们回来吗？”翡睿最后问道。
"The children and the elites who have been transferred out, are you going to order them back?" Philip finally asked.
大祭司沉吟：“孩子们可以让他们回来，但已经派出去的精英就让他们留在外面历练。裂隙战场是个不错的历练地。”
The High Priest muttered, "The children can let them come back, but the elites who have been sent out will let them stay outside to train. The Rift Battlefield is a good place to practice. ”
翡睿吃惊，他们这次转移出去的精英数量不少，这些精灵都要留在外面历练？
Fei Rui was surprised, there were quite a few elites they transferred out this time, and these elves had to stay outside to practice?
翡睿又问：“需要跟以前一样隐瞒身份吗？” Fei Rui asked again: "Do you need to hide your identity as before?" ”
大祭司忽然低笑起来：“不用了。我们最大的危难已经解除，以前是我想错了，躲避并不能解决问题。有些脓疮，如果你只是不想看见，一直躲着它，它只会越变越大，直到危及你的生命，但那时显然已经迟了。我们木精灵一系已经离开精灵族太久，也在世间沉寂太久，如今已经到了我们重新出现的时候。”
The High Priest suddenly chuckled, "No need. Our greatest crisis has been lifted, and it was I who thought wrong before, and dodging will not solve the problem. Some abscesses, if you just don't want to see them and keep avoiding them, will only get bigger and bigger until it endangers your life, but by then it's obviously too late. We Wood Elves have been away from the Elves for too long, and have been silent in the world for too long, and now it's time for us to reappear. ”
“大祭司！”翡睿激动。其实他也早就期待这个时候的到来，可以说所有木精灵都等着能重新出现在世人面前的一刻。实际上很多木精灵都很不理解他们为什么要避世，虽然族长和长老们给了解释，但并不能说服所有木精灵们。
"High Priest!" Fei Rui was excited. In fact, he has been looking forward to this time for a long time, and it can be said that all the wood elves are waiting for the moment when they can reappear in front of the world. In fact, many Wood Elves did not understand why they wanted to escape from the world, and although the patriarchs and elders gave explanations, they could not convince all the Wood Elves.
大祭司笑：“当然我们也没必要大张旗鼓，就正常历练就好，如果有人发现，也不用特意解释和隐瞒。”
The high priest smiled: "Of course, we don't need to make a big show, just practice normally, and if someone finds out, there is no need to explain and conceal it." ”
“是。” "Yes."
“另外，如果有谁遇到他系精灵，他们如果邀请我们回去族地，让大家先不要急。精灵族地那边还有些事没有解决，现在回去还不到时机，不过也不久了。”
"In addition, if anyone meets him as an elf, if they invite us back to the clan land, let us not worry. There are still some things that have not been resolved on the elven land, and it is not time to go back now, but it will not be long. ”
“好。”族长很兴奋，他相信这个好消息一出，木精灵们一定都会很高兴。
"Okay." The patriarch was excited, and he believed that the wood elves would be happy as soon as the good news came out.
这个秘境是不错，但如果有回去族地的可能，谁不想回去看看？
This secret realm is good, but if there is a possibility of going back to the clan land, who wouldn't want to go back and see?
那可是所有精灵族的祖传之地。 It was the ancestral land of all elves.
翡睿和长老们离开圣地去忙他们的事了。 Philip and the elders had left the Holy Land to attend to their business.
王叶看师父们还没有醒来，就连生命之树都迫不及待去尝试转化药剂能给他带来什么样的效果，而主动进入他的虫巢后，他一时无聊，就凑到了大祭司身边。
Wang Ye saw that the masters hadn't woken up yet, and even the Tree of Life couldn't wait to try what kind of effect the transformation potion could bring him, and after taking the initiative to enter his hive, he was bored for a while, so he came to the high priest's side.
大祭司看到掏出一张小板凳在她身边坐下的小孩，一副他很有话说的样子，就很想笑。
The high priest wanted to laugh when he saw the child who had taken out a small bench and sat down beside her, as if he had something to say.
王叶偷偷给自己挂上了刚得到的增益效果“老人爱说古”，又拉着雷木一起在大祭司身边坐下。
Wang Ye secretly hung up on the buff effect he had just gotten "The old man loves to talk about the ancients", and pulled Lei Mu to sit down next to the high priest.
金宝也蹿了出来，他还拖着小云一起。 Jinbao also jumped out, and he also dragged Xiaoyun with him.
大祭司看到眼前突然蹦出一棵小小的树人，不禁按住额头。
The high priest couldn't help but hold his forehead when he saw a small tree man suddenly popping out in front of him.
好吧，连生命之树的种子都出现了，还有一个拥有远古血脉的金系精灵幼崽，这两个孩子身边再出现什么特殊物种，似乎也很正常？
Well, even the seeds of the Tree of Life have appeared, and there is also a gold-based elf cub with ancient bloodline, what special species appear around these two children, it seems normal?
大祭司忍不住又笑了起来，她发现自从和这两个孩子认识后，她这段时间笑的次数都快比得上千年累积。
The High Priestess couldn't help but laugh again, and she found that since she had known the two children, she had laughed more than she had accumulated in a thousand years.
小云和金宝跟大祭司行礼，也就是打招呼。 Xiaoyun and Jinbao saluted the high priest, that is, greeted each other.
大祭司摸摸自己的储物工具，掏出两份见面礼送给他们。
The high priest fumbled with his storage tools and took out two gifts for them.
两小都非常高兴。 Both children were very happy.
小云也回送了一篮子他自己种的蔬菜，虽然都是一级的低级魔植，但大祭司还是很高兴地收下了，这可是小朋友的心意。
Xiao Yun also sent back a basket of vegetables he had grown, although they were all first-level low-level demon plants, but the high priest still happily accepted them, which was the child's heart.
金宝就有点头疼了，他就没准备回礼。不过这不是问题，他跳到雷木身上，叽叽一通叫。
Jinbao had a little headache, and he didn't prepare to return the gift. But that wasn't a problem, he jumped on top of Raimu and chirped.
雷木忍笑，掏出金宝亲手炼制的金宝模型，送到大祭司面前。
Lei Mu couldn't help but smile, took out the Jinbao model that Jinbao had refined himself, and sent it to the high priest.
“大祭司，这是金宝自己做的，他提炼金属的能力很不错，在炼金上也有一定的天赋。您看，很像他对不对？”
"High Priest, this is Jinbao's own work, his ability to refine metals is very good, and he also has a certain talent in alchemy. You see, a lot like him, right? ”
大祭司接过了和金宝体型体态都一模一样，堪称活灵活现的小玩具，笑：“很好，我很喜欢。”
The High Priest took over the small toy, which was exactly the same size and posture as Jinbao, and smiled, "Very good, I like it very much." ”
金宝高兴了。 Jinbao was happy.
大祭司还给雷木和王叶分别补送了一份见面礼。 The high priest also gave Lei Mu and Wang Ye a gift of greeting.
雷木有些不好意思。 Raimu was a little embarrassed.
大祭司笑道：“你们和小云小金宝有什么区别？都是小崽儿。这是长辈给你们的见面礼，你们收下，我才会高兴。”
The high priest smiled, "What's the difference between you and Xiaoyun and Xiaojinbao?" It's all cubs. This is a welcome gift from the elders to you, and I will be happy if you accept it. ”
雷木这才收下。 Lei Mu took it at this time.
王叶那边已经打开盒子，看见面礼是什么了。他就没有半点不好意思。
Wang Ye had already opened the box and saw what the noodle salute was. He wasn't embarrassed in the slightest.
大祭司出手自然不会是普通货色，而且给他们四个的都是他们正好需要的。
Naturally, the High Priest's move would not be ordinary, and the four of them were exactly what they needed.
王叶收到的是一双藤蔓编织的鞋子，这双鞋子穿在脚上，可以让他速度加快一倍，在草地和树林中行走，还有其他特殊作用。
Wang Ye received a pair of vine-woven shoes, which were worn on his feet, which allowed him to double his speed, walk in the grass and woods, and have other special functions.
雷木收到的则是十枚叶片，这十枚叶片全都是外面那棵十级药植的叶片，也是伪生命之树的叶片。
What Lei Mu received was ten leaves, all of which were the leaves of the tenth-level medicinal plant outside, and they were also the leaves of the pseudo-tree of life.
大祭司让雷木定期把十枚叶片消化吸收，可以让他更好地掌握木系魔法。
The High Priest asked Lei Mu to digest and absorb the ten leaves on a regular basis, which would allow him to better master the wood magic.
金宝得到的是一块金色的水晶，而这据说是龙族幼崽最喜欢的磨牙棒。
Jinbao gets a golden crystal, which is said to be the favorite teether of the dragon cubs.
小云得到的礼物则是一罐子黑黝黝的泥土，这可以让他吸收，让他长得更好。
The gift that Xiaoyun received was a jar of swarthy clay, which allowed him to absorb and make him grow better.
王叶和雷木也给了大祭司回礼。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu also gave the high priest a gift in return.
王叶拿的是小光和它的手下刚产出的新鲜虫蜜一小罐。 Wang Ye took a small jar of fresh insect honey that Xiaoguang and his men had just produced.
雷木则送出了他参照地球钟表炼制的魔法表。 Reimu gave him a magic watch that he had refined based on the Earth's clocks.
大祭司很喜欢那块魔法表，对虫蜜虽然也表达了喜爱，但显然没怎么在意。
The High Priest liked the magic watch very much, and although he expressed his affection for the worm, he apparently didn't pay much attention to it.
直到王叶说出虫蜜的作用，大祭司微愣之下，当即郑重地收起来。
Until Wang Ye said the effect of insect honey, the high priest was slightly stunned and immediately solemnly put it away.
“你拥有这种虫蜜的事，最好不要说出去，以后也不要随便送人。以防那些寄生虫族盯上你。”大祭司叮嘱道。
"It's best not to tell about this kind of worm honey that you have, and don't give it away casually in the future. Just in case those parasites have their sights on you. The high priest admonished.
王叶点头：“您放心，如果不是您，我也不会送。” Wang Ye nodded: "Don't worry, if it weren't for you, I wouldn't send it." ”
大祭司抬手，轻轻摸了摸王叶的短头毛。 The high priest raised his hand and gently touched Wang Ye's short hair.
王叶这次没躲。大祭司的年龄真的能做他祖奶奶的祖奶奶，而且这位无论是品性还是作为，都值得他给予尊重。何况大祭司对他们真的不薄，他能感觉出来，那不止是感激，更多的还是长辈对小辈的疼爱。
Wang Ye didn't hide this time. The high priest was really old enough to be his grandmother's grandmother, and this one deserved his respect in both character and deeds. What's more, the high priest is really not kind to them, he can feel it, it is not only gratitude, but more the love of the elders for the juniors.
而王叶对这种真心疼爱也比较没有抵抗力。 And Wang Ye is relatively resistant to this kind of sincere love.
大祭司看出王叶不太喜欢这种亲昵，不舍地收回手，又轻轻抚摸金宝的背脊，跟雷木说：“你知道他是远古种吗？”
The high priest saw that Wang Ye didn't like this kind of intimacy very much, so he reluctantly withdrew his hand, gently stroked Jinbao's back, and said to Lei Mu, "Do you know that he is an ancient species?" ”
雷木摇头，“我只知道他是金系纯血精灵。” Lei Mu shook his head, "I only know that he is a gold pure-blood elf. ”
大祭司想起王叶之前提及的事情，问道：“你们把他送回精灵族地时，也没有精灵看出他的不同？”
The high priest remembered what Wang Ye had mentioned earlier, and asked, "When you sent him back to the elven land, no elves saw the difference in him?" ”
雷木回忆，不确定道：“应该没有吧，否则他们也不会让我们把金宝带出来。”
Lei Mu recalled, uncertain, "Probably not, otherwise they wouldn't have let us bring Jinbao out." ”
大祭司轻叹：“精灵族真的是一代不如一代了，也不知道王和现在的大祭司在干什么。”
The high priest sighed lightly: "The elven clan is really not as good as the generation, and I don't know what the king and the current high priest are doing." ”
王叶忍不住插话：“大祭司，您说金宝是远古血脉，难不成指的是他会发展成另一种形态，就是……龙？”
Wang Ye couldn't help but interject: "High Priest, you said that Jinbao is an ancient bloodline, could it be that he will develop into another form, that is, ...... Dragon? ”
金宝咻地昂起头，小豆豆眼都瞪大了。他是龙？他不是精灵吗？
Jinbao raised his head, and Doudou's eyes widened. He's a dragon? Isn't he an elf?
金宝那期待万分的模样把大祭司逗笑，大祭司用手掌托起金宝，笑着说道：“看来你知道不少我们精灵族的秘密。是的，我们的金宝将来长大了，只要他自己愿意，他可以选择龙这个进化方向，当然，他也可以选择向人形的精灵族转化。这全看他自己的意愿。这也是远古精灵血脉的优势，现在的我们可没办法在幼年时期做这样的选择。”
金宝兴奋地叽叽呜呜直叫，他想变成龙。他看到好多动画片，里面的龙都是顶级生物，超牛掰！
王叶弹弹金宝的脑袋，嫌弃地道：“还是别变成龙了，听说龙族的成长期更长，而且吃得狂多，我怕养不起。”
Wang Ye flicked Jinbao's head and said in disgust: "Don't become a dragon, I heard that the dragon clan has a longer growth period and eats a lot, I'm afraid I can't afford it." ”
金宝气得冲王叶喷口水，被王叶捏住嘴巴。
金宝用小爪子扒拉，可惜小爪子太短，当即就把求救的目光投向雷木爸爸。
雷木笑，把金宝接手过来。
金宝立刻窜进雷木怀里，只鸡贼地露出一个小脑袋看着外面。
大祭司表示如果王叶养不起，可以把金宝留在她这里，她愿意养育金宝。
王叶瞅着金宝那副“爸爸你又要弃养我”的震惊眼神，大大叹气道：“我也想把这个小坑爹货给出手掉，但这不是他雷木爸爸喜欢他吗，而且都养这么久了，就是养猫猫狗狗也养出感情了。”
金宝愤怒：他才不是猫猫狗狗，他是爸爸们的大儿砸！是家里最最大的宝贝！
大祭司忍笑，很懂地道：“金宝到底出自我们精灵族，他的抚养费，我们也会出一部分。”
王叶眼睛立刻亮了：“大祭司您可真好。金宝，快喊奶奶！”
金宝立刻特嫑脸地冲着大祭司就喊：“呜呜叽~”
大祭司笑得停不住。
雷木想捂脸，这两个小不要脸。
大祭司真的拿出一个小箱子递给王叶，还说：“不够，你再过来。算了，以后我定期给你们送吧。”
王叶当着大祭司的面打开箱子，看到里面满满的魔晶，眼睛都笑眯了。
这一箱子都是低级魔晶，只有一二级，但数量多，且都是金属性魔晶，很适合现在的金宝。
金宝看大祭司送出他的口粮，立刻从雷木怀里又蹿出来，扒着箱子不放。
王叶冷哼一声，但还是让金宝把箱子给拖走了。
金宝虽然小，但力气大，他把箱子拖到雷木面前，推了推，示意雷木爸爸帮他收起来。
雷木笑，把箱子收起来，又再次对大祭司道谢。
大祭司摆摆手，“按理说，你的抚养费也应该我来出。”
这句话让王叶和雷木一起笑起来。
王叶握住雷木的手，当仁不让地道：“不用，木木由我养。”
大祭司只当王小叶在开玩笑，也没当真，她说要抚养雷木也不是说说，只不过生命之树现在就在王叶的空间里，作为父亲，生命之树肯定不会不管雷木，她才没有过多插手。
“大祭司，当年到底发生了什么事？木精灵一系为什么会离开精灵族地？”王叶看气氛良好，终于还是忍不住问道。这个秘密已经纠缠他很久，他太想知道了。
大祭司原本并不想把精灵族的秘密（家丑）告诉外人和小辈，但王叶这次对木精灵一系的帮助太大，而且大祭司已经预感到如果想要解决精灵族地那边的问题，恐怕还需要这个小家伙和他的师父们帮忙，那么就算现在不说，以后还是要说，想想也就不隐瞒了。
大祭司眼望金宝，开口道：“金宝这样的精灵蛋会流到精灵族地之外，其实和我也有一定关系。”
几小一起竖起耳朵。
“大约一千三百年前，我那时不但是木精灵一系的祭司，也是整个精灵族的大祭司。那时的精灵王还是上一代的王，他老了，存活了太长时间，他熬过了两届大祭司，但他再也熬不下去，他需要把王位传下去。”
大祭司眼神飘远，陷入回忆中。 The High Priest's eyes drifted away, lost in memory.
“精灵王的王位传递，有三个条件。第一是这位王位候选人必须是精灵族各系族长和祭司以及长老们共同推举，并获得半数以上精灵们的认可。第二就是要获得大祭司的认可。第三是获得精灵空间的认可。”
"There are three conditions for the passing of the throne of the elven king. The first is that the candidate for the throne must be jointly nominated by the patriarchs and priests and elders of the elven clan, and be recognized by more than half of the elves. The second is to obtain the approval of the high priest. The third is to gain the recognition of the elf space. ”
王叶举手：“精灵王的意见不重要吗？” Wang Ye raised his hand: "Isn't the opinion of the Elf King important?" ”
大祭司回神，失笑：“不，精灵王的意见也很重要，实际上精灵空间就是王的意思。精灵空间并不像外界传说那样是一位精灵王炼制给自己妻子的礼物，它在远古时期就出现了，是一开始精灵们用来孕育精灵蛋的空间。那个传说只是精灵族用来遮掩精灵空间的重要性之用。”
The high priest returned to his senses and smiled: "No, the opinion of the elf king is also very important, in fact, the elf space is the meaning of the king." The elven space is not a gift made by an elf king to his wife as the outside legend goes, it appeared in ancient times, and it was the space used by elves to breed elven eggs in the beginning. That legend was just used by the elves to hide the importance of the elven space. ”
雷木恍然，怪不得金宝进入精灵空间后孵化就稳了。 Lei Mu was stunned, no wonder Jinbao hatched steadily after entering the elf space.
“精灵空间这么重要，怎么会从精灵族流落出来？”王叶不解。反正不管这东西有多重要，他都不打算让雷木把精灵空间还回去，到他们手上就是他们的了，何况精灵空间都给他融合了，就算他和雷木要还回去，精灵族敢要吗？
"The elven space is so important, how can it fall out of the elven race?" Wang Ye was puzzled. Anyway, no matter how important this thing is, he doesn't plan to let Lei Mu return the elf space, it's theirs in their hands, not to mention that the elf space has been fused with him, even if he and Lei Mu want to return it, do the elves dare to ask for it?
大祭司深吸气，说出了精灵族当年最大的秘密：“是我。不管是那几枚远古留下来的精灵蛋，还是精灵空间，都是我放了出去。当年我只是想要给精灵族留一个未来和可能，因为我发现上一代的精灵王不打算把王位传下去，他想继续当王，继续活下去。”
The High Priest took a deep breath and told the Elven Clan's biggest secret back then: "It's me. Whether it's those elven eggs left over from ancient times, or the elven space, I released them. At that time, I just wanted to leave a future and possibility for the elves, because I found that the elven king of the previous generation did not intend to pass on the throne, he wanted to continue to be the king and continue to live. ”
“为此，他不惜把我们精灵族一直收藏的一枚虫卵纳入体内。”
"For this reason, he did not hesitate to incorporate a worm egg that our elves have been collecting into his body."
“虫卵？！”王叶瞪大眼睛，脱口道：“您不会要告诉我，那枚虫卵就是智慧寄生虫族的王虫卵或者虫母卵之类吧？”
大祭司苦笑：“你猜对了，那就是一枚远古流传下来的王虫卵。”
王叶嘴巴渐渐张大，他想到了一个可能：“难道你们精灵族和寄生虫族都来自同一个地方，甚至是……”
大祭司点头：“恭喜你，你又一次猜对了。我们精灵族和寄生虫族都是外来者，我们虽然分先后不同时间点来到这个世界，但我们确实都来自同一个地方。而在那里，在更久远的时间前，我们精灵族和寄生虫族就是同根同源的同族。”
第273章 大祭司的邀请
王叶在偷听生命之树和雷木讲古时，再验证他至今为止收集到的各种信息，其实已经对精灵族的来历有所猜测。
但知道精灵族和那些智慧寄生虫族曾经竟然是同族，他还是吃惊了。
好吧，人类发展至今，还分出僵尸、吸血鬼、狼人之类的，如果真有的话，也算是同物种的不同分支了。
Well, human beings have developed so far, and there are zombies, vampires, werewolves, etc., if there are, they are different branches of the same species.
而且看看鸡的祖宗，那可是恐龙！ And look at the ancestors of chickens, they were dinosaurs!
古猫兽还分化出了豹、狮、虎、猫。 Ancient cats also differentiated into leopards, lions, tigers, and cats.
所以物种进化真的是有无数可能。 So there are really countless possibilities for species evolution.
收起这份惊奇，王叶就听大祭司沉默片刻，继续跟他们述说精灵族当年的秘辛。
Putting away this surprise, Wang Ye listened to the high priest be silent for a moment, and continued to tell them the secrets of the elven clan back then.
“因为时间太久远，我们精灵族，包括智慧寄生虫族也分不清我们哪一支出现得更早，也搞不清楚我们的祖先是谁，只能确定那一定是一只虫子。”
"Because the time is too long, our elven race, including the intelligent parasitic zerg, can't tell which of us appeared earlier, and we can't figure out who our ancestors are, we can only be sure that it must be a bug."
王叶和雷木没有笑。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu didn't laugh.
金宝还小，听到这里还骄傲地叽叽，表示他刚出生时就是现在的模样，不是虫子。但精灵族那些小崽崽则更像是虫子，虽然他们也有脚脚。
Jinbao is still young, and when he heard this, he still chattered proudly, indicating that he was what he is when he was born, not a bug. But the elven cubs are more like bugs, though they have feet and feet.
大祭司失笑，“不管我们和寄生虫族最初的祖先是谁、又是什么样，总之，我精灵族的祖先选择了不同的进化方向，大约是我们的祖先不喜欢寄生这种生存方式。而寄生虫族那一支的祖先大约觉得这是获得最佳遗传元素的方法，也是最佳和最快的让自己变强的捷径。甚至如果操作得当，只要及时更换躯体，寄生虫族甚至可以做到精神不死的程度。”
The High Priest laughed, "No matter who and what our original ancestors of the parasite race were, in short, the ancestors of my elven race chose a different evolutionary direction, probably because our ancestors did not like parasitism as a way of survival. And the ancestors of the parasitic tribe probably felt that this was the best way to get the best genetic elements, and it was also the best and fastest shortcut to make themselves stronger. Even if it is done properly, as long as the body is replaced in time, the parasite can even achieve the level of mental immortality. ”
王叶了然：“所以那位前精灵王……” Wang Ye was clear: "So the former elf king ......"
“是的，我不知道他是受到了蛊惑，还是他自己在极度绝望下产生的疯狂想法。我族会收藏那几颗虫卵，并不是想要孵化它们，而是希望这几颗虫卵能进化出另一种不同的生命，就像是我们精灵族进化出了龙族和人形这两种生命形态。我的祖先认为寄生虫族也能走出不用寄生的新的生存方式。”
"Yes, I don't know if he was bewitched, or if he himself had crazy thoughts in despair. Our clan will collect those eggs, not to hatch them, but to hope that these eggs can evolve into a different kind of life, just like our elves have evolved two life forms, dragons and humanoids. My ancestors thought that parasites could also get out of a new way of living without parasitism. ”
“可惜，那些虫卵大多都在漫长的时间中死去，最后只有一枚虫卵还具有活性，那是一枚王虫卵。”
"Unfortunately, most of those eggs died over a long period of time, and in the end, only one egg was still active, and that was a king egg."
大祭司叹息：“前精灵王在生命的最后时期决定利用我们的种族特性，吸收这枚王虫卵，获得寄生能力。他想把自己变成寄生虫，寄生到新选出来的精灵王身上。”
The High Priest sighed, "The former Elven King decided to take advantage of our racial characteristics in the last period of his life to absorb this King Worm egg and gain parasitic abilities. He wanted to turn himself into a parasite, parasitizing on the newly elected Elven King. ”
王叶竖起拇指：“有想法。还不如夺舍呢。” Wang Ye gave a thumbs up: "I have ideas." It's better to give it up. ”
大祭司并没有为王叶的讽刺生气，“夺舍很容易被看出来，但寄生却不一样。你也接触过寄生虫族，当知道它们的可怕，只要度过最初的融合期，让它们融合了被寄生体的灵魂，那么谁都无法从唯心以外的手段看出这具身体中的灵魂换了。”
The high priest was not angry at Wang Ye's sarcasm, "It is easy to see that the seizure is different. You have also been in contact with the parasites, and when you know how terrible they are, as long as you get through the initial fusion period and let them fuse with the soul of the parasitic body, then no one can tell that the soul in this body has changed by means other than idealism. ”
“夺舍还无法把原本身体中的优势带到新的身体中，但寄生却可以让原本的身体和新身体融合，得到更强大的躯体。还可以吞噬融合原本的灵魂，让自己的精神力更强大，并得到被寄生体的所有记忆和知识。寄生比夺舍还有一个更大的优点，那就是夺舍有次数限制，大多一两次就会损伤夺舍者的精神核。但寄生却可以随时放弃旧的，再选择一具新的。”
"It is not yet possible to bring the advantages of the original body to the new body, but parasitism can merge the original body with the new body to obtain a more powerful body. You can also devour and fuse the original soul to make your spiritual power stronger, and get all the memories and knowledge of the parasite. Parasitism has a greater advantage than taking away, that is, there is a limit to the number of times it is taken, and most of them will damage the spiritual core of the person who takes it once or twice. But the parasite can abandon the old one at any time and choose a new one. ”
王叶也不得不承认，寄生虫族的这种寄生方式真的是好处多多，也怪不得寄生虫族舍不得放弃这种生存方式。
Wang Ye also had to admit that this parasitic way of the parasitic Zerg was really beneficial, and it was no wonder that the Parasitic Clan was reluctant to give up this way of survival.
大祭司：“前精灵王就是想要反过来寄生那枚王虫卵，得到它的寄生能力，但他失败了。我‘看’到他失败了，他不但没有得到那枚王虫卵的能力，反而被王虫卵给寄生了，但他自己没有察觉，王虫卵对他的侵袭十分缓慢和小心。”
High Priest: "The former Elven King wanted to parasitize the king worm egg in turn and get its parasitic power, but he failed. I 'saw' that he had failed, and instead of getting the ability of the king egg, he was parasitized by the king egg, but he didn't realize it, and the king egg was very slow and careful about his invasion. ”
大祭司的神色变冷，她两眼紧闭，可她的神色却像是回忆起了过去。
The High Priestess's expression turned cold, her eyes closed, but her expression seemed to remember the past.
“被寄生的前精灵王从外面带回来几枚虫卵，他想在我身上放一枚，也想在其他精灵族长和长老身上放置虫卵。我把这件事告诉了生命之树，还秘密联系了几位族长、祭司和长老，想要阻止前精灵王的罪行。但我没有想到，我也没有事先看到，前精灵王早就动手了，他策反了当时一半的长老团成员。”
"The parasitic former Elven King brought back a few eggs from outside, and he wanted to put one on me, as well as on other elven patriarchs and elders. I told the Tree of Life about this, and secretly contacted several patriarchs, priests, and elders to stop the former Elven King's crimes. But I didn't expect, and I didn't see it beforehand, the former Elven King had already made a move, and he had rebelled against half of the members of the Elder Group at that time. ”
“他跟那些退居幕后的长老们说，他有办法带领精灵族走向辉煌，也有办法成为真正的神灵，他还承诺会给长老们带来更漫长的寿命，并把突破成神的修炼方法告诉他们。以此来换取长老团对他改革整个精灵族的支持。”
He told the elders who had retreated into the background that he had a way to lead the elves to glory and a way to become true gods, and he also promised to give the elders a longer lifespan and tell them how to break through to godhood. In exchange for the support of the Elders for his reform of the entire Elven Race. ”
大祭司露出讽刺的笑：“可那些长老们并不知道前精灵王所谓的改革，就是引入寄生虫族，让寄生虫族寄生我们精灵族，实际就是吞噬，让寄生虫族利用精灵族得到更多的远古遗传元素，也让它们能更适应这个世界。”
The high priest smiled sarcastically: "But those elders don't know that the so-called reform of the former elf king is to introduce parasites and let the parasites parasitize our elves, which is actually devouring, so that the parasites can use the elves to get more ancient genetic elements, and also make them more adaptable to this world." ”
王叶：“你们打起来了？” Wang Ye: "You guys are fighting?" ”
大祭司沉默，过了一会儿点头：“是啊，我们打起来了。前精灵王指责我要夺权，想要获得更大的权力，他给我泼了很多脏水，他还指责生命之树对木系精灵偏心，帮助孵化的木系精灵幼崽最多。实际上，生命之树也属于木系，祂分泌出的生命之液当然也最适合木系精灵。但其他系精灵，只要有精灵空间，只要有附和他们属性的营养物，他们同样可以顺利孵化。”
The high priest was silent, and nodded after a while: "Yes, we have a fight." The former Elf King accused me of seizing power and wanting to gain more power, he poured a lot of dirty water on me, and he also accused the Tree of Life of being biased towards the Wood Elves, helping to hatch the most Wood Elf cubs. In fact, the Tree of Life also belongs to the wood type, and the liquid of life it secretes is of course the most suitable for the wood elves. But other elves, as long as there is elf space, as long as there are nutrients that match their attributes, they can also hatch smoothly. ”
“但前精灵王在生命后期把精灵空间当他修炼用的能量储存器，根本不想用它来孵化精灵蛋，他把所有孵化责任都压在了生命之树身上。他还在不断窃取生命之液，本来应该孵化精灵蛋的份量，被他截取了至少三分之一。”
"But the former Elf King used the Elven Space as an energy reservoir for his cultivation in the later stages of his life, and he didn't want to use it to hatch elven eggs at all, so he put all the responsibility for hatching on the Tree of Life. He was still stealing the Liquid of Life, and he had intercepted at least a third of the amount of elven eggs that should have been hatched. ”
大祭司脸上出现自责的神色：“我当时其实已经发现前王有些不对劲了，他的表现太自私了，不像一个王者，倒更像是一个不甘心死去的老朽腐烂的贪婪灵魂。”
A look of self-reproach appeared on the high priest's face: "I actually found out that something was wrong with the former king at that time, his performance was too selfish, not like a king, but more like an old and rotten greedy soul who was unwilling to die. ”
王叶举手：“那位前王是什么时候把王虫卵放入自己体内的？”
Wang Ye raised his hand: "When did the former king put the king worm eggs into his body?" ”
大祭司摇头：“详细时间点我也不知道，我只看到了四段梦境，一段是他把王虫卵放入自己体内，一段是他从外面带进来虫卵，放入了我和其他精灵的体内。这两段梦境我在同一天晚上看到。之后我试探前王，得到他被寄生的确凿证据，然后我联系其他上层精灵，然后就是以我为首的部分精灵族上层，和以前王为首的部分精灵族上层的大战。”
The high priest shook his head: "I don't know the exact time, I only saw four dreams, one is that he put the king worm eggs into his body, and the other is that he brought in the worm eggs from the outside and put them into my body and other elves. I saw both dreams on the same night. After that, I tested the former king and got conclusive evidence that he was parasitized, and then I contacted other upper elves, and then there was a great battle between some of the upper elves led by me, and some of the upper elves led by the previous king. ”
“战斗地点就在精灵族的圣地中。那一场战斗甚至可以说成是战争，我们两方两败俱伤，彼此割地为营，那时我们已经不可能和解。那时我还不知道为什么大家不能和谈的原因，现在想来，应该是寄生虫族那时就已经在影响我们。那时绝不止前王被寄生。”
"The place of the battle is in the sacred land of the elves. It was a battle that could even be described as a war, when we were both defeated and divided from each other, and we could not reconcile at that time. At that time, I didn't know why we couldn't make peace, but now that I think about it, it was probably the parasites that were already influencing us at that time. At that time, it was not only the former king who was parasitized. ”
大祭司面向王叶和雷木，缓慢说道：“第三段梦境就在那场大战结束后的第二天晚上出现，这场预知梦也是我决定带着所有木系精灵离开精灵族地的主要原因。”
The High Priest faced Wang Ye and Lei Mu and said slowly, "The third dream appeared on the night of the second day after the end of that great battle, and this prophetic dream was also the main reason why I decided to leave the elven land with all the wood elves. ”
“您看到了什么？”雷木已经完全被大祭司说的过去吸引，忍不住问道。
"What do you see?" Remu was already completely attracted by what the High Priest said, and couldn't help but ask.
大祭司仰头朝天，长长叹息：“我看到……生命之树枯萎，寄生虫族组成的变异体大军攻打精灵族地，要求精灵族交出木系精灵，说只要他们交出木系精灵，它们就离开。精灵族一开始不同意，结果整个精灵族幼崽开始大量失踪，一些年轻的年轻精灵战士也叛变了，他们站到了寄生虫族那边，还说精灵族和寄生虫族是一体的。”
The high priest looked up to the sky and sighed long: "I see...... The Tree of Life withered, and an army of mutants of the parasitic Zerg attacked the Elven lands, demanding that the Elves hand over the Wood Elves, saying that as long as they handed over the Wood Elves, they would leave. The elves did not agree at first, but as a result, the entire elven cubs began to disappear in large numbers, and some young elven warriors also rebelled, and they sided with the parasites, saying that the elves and the parasites were one. ”
“眼看生命之树枯萎，精灵空间被盗，各系精灵幼崽又大量失踪，新的精灵王和新的大祭司无奈下只能同意把整个木系精灵送给寄生虫族。”
"Seeing that the Tree of Life is withering, the elven space is being stolen, and a large number of elven cubs of various lines are missing, the new elven king and the new high priest have no choice but to agree to give the entire wood elves to the parasitic Zerg."
大祭司只要想起那个画面，就悲痛万分：“我们木系精灵抗争了，可我们无法抵挡那些寄生虫族变异大军，更无法抵挡同族的背刺。最后所有木系精灵都被强行寄生，我们的幼崽和精灵蛋全都被污染。最后，我看到寄生虫族的变异大军在再次进化后，攻入了精灵族地，各系精灵四散溃逃，精灵族就这么崩溃了……”
As long as the High Priest remembered that image, he was filled with grief: "We wood elves have resisted, but we can't resist those parasitic mutant armies, let alone the backstabbing of our kind. Eventually, all the wood elves were forcibly parasitized, and our cubs and elven eggs were all contaminated. In the end, I saw that the mutant army of the parasitic Zerg evolved again, and invaded the elven land, and the elves of all kinds scattered and fled, and the elves collapsed......"
王叶等大祭司情绪稍微平定后，提出自己的疑惑：“您那时没有跟其他精灵说出您的预知梦内容吗？”
After Wang Ye and the other high priests calmed down a little, they raised their doubts: "Didn't you tell the other elves the content of your prophetic dream at that time?" ”
“说了。但是我们族里还有一位预知者，他看到的内容和我完全不同，他说他看到前王带领精灵族走向了更加光辉灿烂的未来，让精灵族成为了双月星最为强大的一个种族，而精灵王也成功突破到传说中的十一级。并且精灵族脱离了生命之树，可以直接孕育生命，而不用再依赖生命之液和精灵空间。”
"That's it. But there is also a prophet in our race, who sees something completely different from me, he said that he saw the former king lead the elves to a more brilliant future, making the elves the most powerful race of the twin moon stars, and the elven king has successfully broken through to the legendary eleventh level. And the elves are separated from the tree of life, and can directly give birth to life, instead of relying on the liquid of life and the elven space. ”
大祭司苦笑，“这三点无疑是所有精灵都最在乎的。” The High Priest smiled bitterly, "These three points are undoubtedly the most important to all elves. ”
王叶：“那位预知者有问题？” Wang Ye: "Is there a problem with the Prophet?" ”
大祭司中肯地道：“不，他的预知也从没有出错过，而且他是中立者。”
The High Priest said pertinently: "No, his foreknowledge has never been missed, and he is a neutral." ”
王叶皱起眉头：“他会不会暗中倒向了前精灵王？” Wang Ye frowned: "Could he have secretly fallen to the former Elf King?" ”
大祭司摇头：“这点我也不知道，我去找过他，他以灵魂起誓，说他看到的未来和说出去的未来都是他真实看到的，没有半字虚言。他还反过来劝我，说命运长河会让我们看到不同的未来，就在于我们的选择。他说我的选择错了，我应该更相信我们的王。”
The high priest shook his head: "I don't know this, I went to him, and he swore by his soul, saying that the future he saw and the future he said were what he really saw, and there was no half-truth." He also persuaded me in turn that the long river of fate will allow us to see a different future, and it is our choice. He said that I had made the wrong choice and that I should have trusted our king more. ”
王叶眯眼，他有点明白了：“也许那位预知者看到的也是真实，不过他看到的是被寄生后变得更‘完美’的寄生虫族和精灵族的融合变异体，他没有看到过程，看到的是‘新生’。而您看到的是精灵族被摧毁的过程，是精灵族的完结。这跟选择没有关系，你们看到的还是同一条时间线，只是看到的时间节点不同。”
Wang Ye squinted, he understood a little: "Maybe what the prophet saw was also true, but what he saw was the fusion mutant of the parasitic zerg and the elf race that became more 'perfect' after being parasitized, he didn't see the process, what he saw was a 'new life'." And what you see is the process of the destruction of the elves, the end of the elves. It has nothing to do with the choice, you still see the same timeline, but you see different timelines. ”
大祭司身体轻轻一颤，当局者迷，直到今天被王叶点明，她才真正明白她当年错过了什么。
The high priest's body trembled slightly, and the authorities were confused, and it was not until today that Wang Ye pointed out that she really understood what she had missed back then.
如果当年她就能想明白其中道理，她说不定能说服那名预知者。
If she had figured it out, she might have been able to convince the prophet.
而两名预知者都说出反对前王的话，那最后前王只有被孤立的份，而不至于发展到高层分成两派互斗。
And when both of the prophets spoke against the former king, the former king was only isolated in the end, and did not develop into two factions at the top.
王叶抬头，对大祭司非常肯定地道：“您没有做错，如果您当年没有选择带领木系精灵和生命之树离开无尽森海，现在精灵族势必会走向你们看到的那条时间线发展上。但您带着木系精灵离开了，就让未来有了其他可能。”
Wang Ye raised his head and said to the high priest with great certainty: "You didn't do anything wrong, if you hadn't chosen to lead the Wood Elves and the Tree of Life out of the Endless Forest Sea back then, now the Elf Clan will inevitably move towards the development of the timeline you see." But you left with the Wood Elves and opened up other possibilities for the future. ”
虽然上辈子，这位大祭司的努力最终也没有好的结果，但至少她做出了挣扎。
Although in her previous life, the High Priest's efforts did not end well, but at least she struggled.
而且她的挣扎也不是毫无效果，至少她真的争取到了那一丝丝可能。
And her struggle was not fruitless, at least she did fight for the slightest possibility.
大祭司露出了微笑，她年龄虽大，但她的容颜仍旧美丽，笑容也能让人迷醉。
The High Priest smiled, her face was still beautiful despite her age, and her smile was intoxicating.
“是的，在我做出离开的决定时，我做了最后一个预知梦，我看到了美丽无比的光线，就像黑夜迎来朝霞，那一刹那间的光辉，在那光辉的正前方是一具金光灿烂耀眼至极的背影，他强大、美丽、自信，我知道那是我们精灵族的新王，而且是具有远古血脉的精灵族，他有一对强壮的翅膀！这是现代精灵所没有的。”
"Yes, when I made the decision to leave, I had one last prophetic dream, I saw a beautiful light, like the morning glow of the night, the brilliance of that moment, in front of that brilliance was a golden and dazzling back, he was strong, beautiful, confident, I knew that it was the new king of our elven race, and it was an elven race with ancient blood, he had a pair of strong wings! This is something that modern elves do not have. ”
王叶看看雷木，雷木不觉得那位精灵王会是自己，倒是金灿灿这点……
Wang Ye looked at Lei Mu, Lei Mu didn't think that the elf king would be himself, but Jin Cancan......
王叶和雷木一起把目光落到了某个金光灿烂的小东西身上。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu together set their eyes on a small golden thing.
金宝正在啃那根磨牙棒，满脸懵懂地抬起头：“皮卡叽？”看嘛？
Jinbao was gnawing on the teething stick, and raised his head with a confused face: "Pickup? "See?
王叶嘀咕：“就他？新精灵王？” Wang Ye muttered: "Just him? The new Elven King? ”
雷木敲敲王叶的脑袋，不要这么看不起我们的金宝好不好？
Lei Mu knocked on Wang Ye's head, don't look down on our Jinbao so much, okay?
大祭司也不知道这位新精灵王会是谁，但她继续说道：“在这位新精灵王的背影身后还有两名身材高大、身姿矫健的青年。那时我不知道他们是谁，但现在……”
The High Priest didn't know who the new Elven King would be, but she continued, "Behind the back of the new Elven King there are two tall, athletic youths. I didn't know who they were then, but now ......"
王叶指指自己和雷木：“我俩？” Wang Ye pointed at himself and Lei Mu: "The two of us? ”
大祭司笑：“也许，谁知道呢。因为这最后一个预知梦，我在带领木系精灵离开精灵族地之前，想办法把那几枚保存下来的远古精灵卵偷出来，我是大祭司，想要拿到这些东西，对我很容易。”
The high priest laughed: "Perhaps, who knows." Because of this last prophetic dream, I managed to steal the few preserved ancient elf eggs before leading the wood elves out of the elven land, and I am the high priest, so it was easy for me to get these things. ”
“原本我想要把精灵蛋和生命之树的种子都带到现在的木精灵秘境，但在途中，因为生命之树的异常，我一时疏忽，导致那几枚精灵蛋就遗失了，连同放着那几枚蛋和生命之树种子的精灵空间项链一起。我那时觉得这可能也是一种命运的指引，就没有特意去寻找，而且我那时也无力再去寻找。”
"Originally, I wanted to bring the elf eggs and the seeds of the Tree of Life to the current Wood Elf Secret Realm, but on the way, due to the abnormality of the Tree of Life, I was negligent for a while, resulting in the loss of those elf eggs, along with the elven space necklace that contained those eggs and the seeds of the Tree of Life. I thought it might be a kind of fate, so I didn't look for it, and I couldn't afford to look for it anymore. ”
大祭司轻轻拍了拍自己消失的、如今只剩下藤蔓组成、被长衣盖住的下半身，自嘲道：“我自以为牺牲很大，却没想到自己一直喂养的竟然是一只虫子。”
The high priest patted the lower half of his body, which had disappeared and was now only made up of vines and covered by a long robe, and laughed at himself, "I thought I had sacrificed a lot, but I didn't expect that what I had been feeding was a worm. ”
“当时，我为了能顺利带走所有木系精灵，和生命之树一起合力攻击了重伤的前王。为了让其他长老和各系族长祭司能站在我这边，我答应一旦杀死前王，我就退位，把大祭司的传承交给他们推举出来的新大祭司。”
"At that time, in order to successfully take away all the wood elves, I joined forces with the Tree of Life to attack the seriously injured former king. In order for the other elders and the patriarchs and priests of the various clans to stand on my side, I promised that once I killed the former king, I would abdicate and hand over the inheritance of the high priest to the new high priest whom they had elected. ”
大祭司似笑非笑道：“别看精灵族对外很团结，但内部也有各种勾心斗角，哪一系的族长都想成为新王，同样任何一位祭司也都想成为大祭司，哪怕不为权势，也为了那份大祭司的传承。”
The high priest said with a smile: "Don't look at the elf clan is very united externally, but there are also various intrigues inside, which patriarch wants to become the new king, and any priest also wants to become the high priest, even if it is not for power, but also for the inheritance of the high priest." ”
“因为我的许诺，加上当时生命之树突然进入衰竭状态，并孕育出两枚种子——我们对外说的都是一枚，只有我和生命之树知道是两枚。我把那枚种子交给了我看好的一名祭司。获得了对方的大力支持，在对方带领一部分精灵高层背叛前王，并牵制前王那一部分人手时，我和生命之树就攻击了前王。”
"Because of my promise, and because the Tree of Life suddenly went into a state of decay at that time, and gave birth to two seeds—we are talking about one, and only I and the Tree of Life know that it is two. I gave the seed to one of my favorite priests. Received strong support from the other party, and when the other party led a part of the elven high-level to betray the former king and contain the former king's part of the manpower, the tree of life and I attacked the former king. ”
“前王被我和生命之树合力杀死，我拿到了他的精灵空间项链。之后我就带着木系精灵和部分资源迅速离开了精灵族地。其他精灵想要阻挡，但我和生命之树那时候就已经超过十级，在前王身死的情况下，没有其他精灵能阻拦我们。”
"The former king was killed by me and the Tree of Life, and I got his Elven Space Necklace. After that, I quickly left the elven land with the wood elves and some resources. The other elves wanted to stop us, but the Tree of Life and I were already over level ten at that time, and no other elves could stop us when the former king died. ”
大祭司笑容变冷：“何况他们也希望我离去。前王死去，前大祭司自然最好也换一个。只不过他们没想到我会把整个木系精灵和生命之树都带走。不过那时的生命之树已经濒临死亡，新的树种也已经诞生，我带走祂，反对的精灵并不多。”
The high priest's smile turned cold: "Besides, they also want me to leave." When the former king died, it was naturally best for the former high priest to change one. It's just that they didn't expect me to take the entire Wood Elves and the Tree of Life with them. But at that time, the tree of life was on the verge of death, and a new tree species had been born, and I took him away, and there were not many spirits against him. ”
大祭司平复了一下感情：“我那时并不知道生命之树也被寄生，生命之树自己也不知道，现在想来，祂应该是在和前王大战之际，被偷偷下了虫母卵。不得不说，那位前王真的很强，我和生命之树联手才能和他战平。”
The high priest calmed down his feelings: "I didn't know at that time that the Tree of Life was also parasitized, and the Tree of Life itself didn't know, but now that I think about it, he should have been secretly laid eggs during the war with the former king. I have to say, that former king is really strong, and I can only draw with him by joining forces with the Tree of Life. ”
“之后的事你们都知道了，我看到生命之树一天比一天衰弱，加上生命之树种子遗失，为了不让木精灵幼崽们无法孵化，也为了留住我这位家人和老友，我选择和祂融合。生命之树当时并不愿意，但祂衰竭又重伤，根本无力反抗我。等到我和祂融合后，祂反对也来不及了。”
"As you all know, I saw that the Tree of Life was getting weaker and weaker day by day, and that the Tree of Life seed was lost, so I chose to merge with the Wood Elf cubs so that they would not hatch, and to keep my family and old friend. The Tree of Life was unwilling, but it was too weak and wounded to resist me. By the time I merged with Him, it was too late for Him to object. ”
王叶和雷木互视。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu looked at each other.
到此，他们总算把当年的事情弄清楚，不过新的疑问又冒出来。
At this point, they finally figured out what happened back then, but new questions arose.
那就是：“大祭司，您知道精灵族地后来的变化吗？” That is: "High Priest, do you know what happened in the Elven Lands?" ”
大祭司缓慢摇头：“我虽然有在留意外面的消息，但只是支撑生命之树的生命力和这个秘境，我就已经无暇分心。我让族长和长老们跟木系精灵们解释，说我带他们离开是因为精灵族内有部分精灵想要献祭我们木系精灵来换取更强大的能量。”
The High Priest shook his head slowly: "Although I have been paying attention to the news outside, I have no time to be distracted just by supporting the vitality of the Tree of Life and this secret realm. I asked the patriarch and elders to explain to the Wood Elves that I was taking them away because some of the Elves wanted to sacrifice our Wood Elves in exchange for more powerful energy. ”
大祭司轻笑：“大家相信了，也不愿再和其他精灵接触。最初有些精灵还惦记着朋友，他们有试着和其他系精灵接触，但他们似乎都吃了不小的亏，似乎那边的精灵想要通过他们找到其他木系精灵，那些精灵为了保护整个木系精灵，慢慢的也就和精灵族地那边彻底断了往来。”
The High Priest chuckled, "Everyone believes it, and they don't want to come into contact with other elves anymore." At first, some elves were still thinking about their friends, and they tried to contact other elves, but they all seemed to have suffered a lot of losses, and it seemed that the elves over there wanted to find other wood elves through them, and those elves slowly broke off contact with the elves in order to protect the entire wood elves. ”
“而现在，其他系精灵越是暗中寻找木系精灵，我们的年青一代也就越发相信精灵族地那边有精灵想要献祭木系精灵的说法，自然不会主动和他们接触，还会避着其他系精灵。”
"And now, the more the other elves secretly look for the wood elves, the more our younger generation believes that there are elves in the elven clan who want to sacrifice the wood elves, so naturally they will not take the initiative to contact them, and they will avoid other elves."
王叶拱手表示佩服。这个解释真的是太强大了，换了他，哪怕不为自己也会为家人亲朋考虑，哪敢随便泄露自己是木精灵——要是真的被抓去献祭了怎么办？
Wang Ye bowed his hand to express his admiration. This explanation is really too powerful, if he is replaced, even if he is not for himself, he will consider his family and friends, how dare he casually reveal that he is a wood elf - what if he is really captured and sacrificed?
“所以您也不清楚现在的精灵族内部事宜？”王叶道。 "So you don't know what is going on inside the elves right now?" Wang Ye said.
大祭司承认：“我只知道他们的王和大祭司是当初推举出来的候选者。”
The high priest admitted: "I only know that their king and high priest are the candidates who were originally put forward. ”
“也就是说，您也不清楚，当年的寄生虫是不是都被除干净了。”王叶再次确认道。
"In other words, you don't know if all the parasites were removed." Wang Ye confirmed again.
大祭司苦笑，默认。 The high priest smiled wryly and acquiesced.
但是，大祭司很快就露出温柔的笑容，对着王叶说道：“小叶子……我这样叫你可以吗？”
However, the high priest soon showed a gentle smile and said to Wang Ye, "Little Yezi...... Can I call you that? ”
王叶点头，看着大祭司的笑容，恍然看到了一只甩着大尾巴的漂亮大狐狸。
Wang Ye nodded, looked at the smile of the high priest, and suddenly saw a beautiful big fox with a big tail.
大祭司可温柔地说：“小叶子，你想要多给你家的娃娃们赚点口粮吗？我和生命之树已经脱离寄生虫困扰，也不再有性命之忧，而且我们也算是因祸得福，这么多年来，我们虽然没有突破到十一级，但已经距离那条线很接近，现在的我们比我们当初离开时已经强大许多。”
The high priest said gently, "Little Yezi, do you want to earn more rations for your dolls?" The Tree of Life and I are free from parasites, and we no longer have to worry about our lives, and we are a blessing in disguise, for so many years, although we have not broken through to the eleventh level, we are already very close to that line, and we are now much stronger than when we left. ”
“木精灵的问题解决，可我们木系精灵和他系精灵到底是一个整体，而现在的精灵王缺乏木系精灵能量的灌输，他就不是最强体，也永远无法到达前王的实力水准。而想要对付寄生虫族，精灵族必须团结起来，我和生命之树应该在不久后就会去精灵族地走一趟，彻底解决族地里的寄生虫问题。”
"The problem of the wood elves is solved, but our wood elves and other elves are a whole in the end, and the current elf king lacks the infusion of wood elf energy, he is not the strongest body, and he will never be able to reach the strength level of the previous king. And if we want to deal with the parasites, the elves must unite, and the tree of life and I should go to the elven land soon to completely solve the parasite problem in the clan's land. ”
大祭司一顿，给了王叶思考的时间：“我们需要你，能跟我们一起走一趟无尽森海吗？”
The high priest paused and gave Wang Ye time to think: "We need you, can you take a trip to the Endless Forest Sea with us?" ”
王叶还没想好，游戏系统就再次跳出来彰显存在感了。 Before Wang Ye could think about it, the game system jumped out again to show its presence.
【任务发布！玩家隔壁小王成功解救了整个木系精灵，获得了木系精灵高层的感谢和尊重。但整个精灵族的危机还没有过去，寄生虫族仍旧躲在暗中对过去的同族虎视眈眈，想要寄生他们、替代他们，成为双月星最优秀的种族。针对这个潜在危险，木精灵大祭司木守向玩家隔壁小王发出邀请，邀请你与她和生命之树一起去无尽森海的精灵族除虫。请问玩家是否接受这个邀请？】
【Mission Released!】 Xiao Wang, the player's next door, successfully rescued the entire wood elves and won the gratitude and respect of the wood elves from the top management. But the crisis of the entire elven race has not passed, and the parasitic zerg is still hiding in the dark and eyeing their past kindred, wanting to parasitize them, replace them, and become the best race of the Twin Moon Stars. In response to this potential danger, the High Priestess of the Wood Elves sends an invitation to the player's next door, Xiao Wang, inviting you to join her and the Tree of Life to exterminate the elves in the Endless Forest Sea. Will the player accept this invitation? 】
【如接受，该任务将自动转变为无尽森海精灵族地任务链的主任务，整条任务链任务全部完成后，将额外奖励两百万点经验值，以及整个精灵族的好感。】
[If accepted, the quest will automatically transform into the main quest of the Endless Forest Sea Elf Land Quest Chain, and after the entire quest chain is completed, an additional two million experience points will be awarded, as well as the goodwill of the entire Elf Clan.] 】
第274章 遇到瘤背怪 Chapter 274: Encountering the Tumorback Monster
最终，王叶还是接受了这个任务，不管是为了经验值，还是为了能获得精灵族的好感——大量的便宜材料还有孩子的奶粉钱什么的，这诱惑对一家之主王小叶来说太大了。
In the end, Wang Ye still accepted the task, whether it was for experience points, or for the sake of gaining the favor of the elves - a large number of cheap materials and children's milk powder money, this temptation was too great for Wang Xiaoye, the head of the family.
不过大祭司这边还需要一些时间，她刚和生命之树分开，别看她现在情况好像不错，实际上缺失了近三分之二的身体，对她影响还是很大的，如果不是她已经能元素化，这会儿早处在弥留之际。
However, it will take some time on the high priest's side, she has just separated from the Tree of Life, don't look at her current situation, she seems to be in a good situation now, in fact, she is missing nearly two-thirds of her body, and it still has a great impact on her, if it weren't for the fact that she has been able to elementalize, she would have been on the verge of dying.
为了确保将来有战斗也不会落于下风，大祭司需要去找些天材地宝来巩固自己的身体，还要安顿木精灵们、收拾和恢复被破坏严重的秘境，以及她还想和外面的老友们联系看看，主要是联系一些长生族，了解一下寄生虫族在其他种族有没有出现，摸摸底。
In order to ensure that there will be battles in the future and will not be left behind, the high priest needs to find some natural treasures to strengthen his body, but also settle the wood elves, clean up and restore the severely damaged secret realm, and she also wants to contact her old friends outside, mainly to contact some immortals, to find out if the parasitic zerg has appeared in other races, and find out.
生命之树这边也需要时间重新适应自己的身体，祂还通过雷木告诉大祭司，说等祂这次转化完毕，祂还是会留在木精灵这边，陪着木守把精灵族的事情料理清楚。
The Tree of Life also needed time to readjust to his body, and he also told the High Priest through Lei Mu that when he completed his transformation this time, he would still stay on the Wood Elf's side and accompany Mu Shou to sort out the affairs of the Elf Clan.
如此，大祭司就和王叶约定了两年后再联系，说她会去找王叶。而有那片叶子在，王叶只要不主动屏蔽她，她就能找到王叶。
In this way, the high priest agreed with Wang Ye to contact him after two years, saying that she would go to Wang Ye. And with that leaf here, as long as Wang Ye doesn't take the initiative to block her, she can find Wang Ye.
王叶也觉得再等两年比较好，一来裂隙战场这边给各校选拔者的基础学习时间就是两年，他并不想放弃这个宝贵的学习期。
Wang Ye also felt that it was better to wait for another two years, as soon as the rift battlefield gave the basic study time to the selectors of each school was two years, he didn't want to give up this precious learning period.
二来，他的直觉告诉他，精灵族那边的任务恐怕没那么简单解决。只看这次任务在两名半神随同的情况下，他好像是打辅佐，只负责辨认寄生虫，可系统却仍旧给了他两百万点的额外奖励。
Second, his intuition told him that the task on the elven side might not be so easy to solve. Just looking at the mission accompanied by two demigods, he seems to be an assistant and is only responsible for identifying parasites, but the system still gives him an additional reward of two million points.
注意，这还只是额外奖励，任务链中肯定还有其他任务，他不觉得那些任务会比木精灵这边的容易。
Note that this was just an extra bonus, there must be other quests in the quest chain, and he didn't think those quests would be easier than those on the Wood Elf's side.
再者，两年时间，无论是他的玩家等级，还是专业知识，想必都能再提高不少，那时再过去精灵族，也许他就不用再请师父们帮忙打架了。
Moreover, in two years, whether it is his player level or professional knowledge, he must be able to improve a lot, and at that time, if he goes to the elf clan, maybe he won't have to ask the masters to help fight.
约定好时间后，王叶就带着一大家子离开了木精灵秘境。
After agreeing on the time, Wang Ye left the Wood Elf Secret Realm with a large family.
走之前，他还在两位精灵战士的陪同下，使用传送阵去了一趟金水村。
Before leaving, he was also accompanied by two elven warriors and used the teleportation array to go to Jinshui Village.
村长见到王叶安然无恙地归来，当即松了口气。又听两名陪同的精灵战士说王叶以后就是木精灵们的贵客，更是为他高兴。
The village chief was immediately relieved to see Wang Ye return safe and sound. I also heard the two accompanying elf warriors say that Wang Ye would be the honored guest of the wood elves in the future, and I was even more happy for him.
王叶特地跑到金水村来，不为其他，就是为了那柳红果。
Wang Ye specially came to Jinshui Village, not for anything else, but for the willow red fruit.
翡爵走前显然已经交代过村长，王叶顺利得到了不少柳红果。
Fei Jue had obviously explained to the village chief before leaving, and Wang Ye successfully obtained a lot of willow red fruits.
这次金水村可以说是整个木精灵秘境损失最小的，因为他们不需要焚烧他们的田地和山林，所以就见周围一片黑漆漆的焦野惨景，只有金水村这边还能看到绿水青山。
This time, Jinshui Village can be said to have the least loss in the entire Wood Elf Secret Realm, because they don't need to burn their fields and forests, so they can see the miserable scene of the surrounding black and scorched fields, and only Jinshui Village can still see green waters and green mountains.
因为这个原因，附近的木精灵村落村民和精灵战士们都集中到了这边，就连动物等也都往这边跑。
Because of this, the villagers and elven warriors of the nearby wood elf villages have gathered here, and even the animals and other animals have run this way.
原本也有精灵战士要求烧掉金水村的田地和山林，但金水村精灵让他们检查了村里的植物，确认这里没有半只魔螨，连虫卵都没有，精灵战士们这才答应最后才处理他们这一片。
Originally, there were also elven warriors who asked to burn the fields and mountains and forests of Jinshui Village, but the elves of Jinshui Village asked them to check the plants in the village and confirmed that there were no half demon mites here, not even insect eggs, so the elf warriors agreed to deal with them in the end.
十二天时间，木精灵秘境在大火和收集植物精华下几乎变成了荒漠，这一点点绿地简直就成了宝贝。
In twelve days, the Wood Elf Secret Realm has almost turned into a desert under the fire and the collection of plant essence, and this little green space has become a treasure.
因为一直不见魔螨和虫卵出现，金水村这边的精灵战士也就不断拖延毁掉这片绿地的时间。
Because there have been no demon mites and insect eggs, the elven warriors on the side of Jinshui Village have been delaying the time to destroy this green space.
十二天后，那铺天盖地的魔螨突然消失，断绝联系的族长和长老们也终于再次出现，秘境中所有木精灵都听到了他们大祭司的声音。
Twelve days later, the overwhelming demon mites suddenly disappeared, and the patriarchs and elders who had severed contact with each other finally reappeared, and all the wood elves in the secret realm heard the voice of their high priest.
大祭司告诉他们：危险解除了，他们可以重新在秘境中安稳地生活。
The High Priest told them that the danger was over, and that they could live in peace again in the secret realm.
秘境各地，木精灵们发出欢呼。 Everywhere in the secret realm, the wood elves cheered.
大家也不用催促，迅速灭火和收拾那些还没有完全毁灭的绿地。
There is no need to rush to quickly extinguish the fire and clean up the green areas that have not been completely destroyed.
有些擅长植物生长魔法的，则不断使用相关魔法，撒下种子，让山林和田野重新发芽。
Some who are good at plant growth magic use it constantly, sowing seeds and causing mountains and fields to sprout again.
金水村这边听到危险解除，更是高兴，他们保留下了原本的山林和田地！
Jinshui Village was even happier when they heard that the danger had been lifted, and they kept the original mountains and forests and fields!
而这一切都托福于眼前这个人类小崽。 And all of this thanks to the little human cub in front of him.
金水村的精灵们非常感激王叶，王叶收获了一堆好感值，更得到了很多礼物。
The elves of Jinshui Village are very grateful to Wang Ye, and Wang Ye has gained a lot of favor points and a lot of gifts.
因为危险解除，善于耕种和栽培植物的木精灵们也不愁粮食吃，就把这次储存的不少瓜果蔬菜和鲜肉等拿出来送给王叶。
Because the danger was lifted, the wood elves who were good at cultivating and cultivating plants did not worry about food, so they took out a lot of fruits, vegetables and fresh meat stored this time and gave them to Wang Ye.
王叶知道木精灵们恢复秘境还需要时间，他也没贪多，就拿了柳红果，其他都没拿，他还反过来送了金水村村民不少植物培植液。
Wang Ye knew that it would take time for the wood elves to recover the secret realm, and he was not greedy, so he took the willow red fruit, and did not take anything else, and he also sent a lot of plant cultivation liquid to the villagers of Jinshui Village in turn.
金水村的木精灵更加喜欢这样的王叶。就是护送王叶的两名圣地战士也觉得这个人类小孩很不错。
The wood elves of Jinshui Village like this kind of Wang Ye even more. Even the two Holy Land warriors who escorted Wang Ye also thought that this human child was very good.
这次从木精灵秘境出来，王叶没有进入虫巢躲避，也没有战战兢兢，他大摇大摆、堂堂正正地走了出来。
This time out of the secret realm of the wood elves, Wang Ye did not enter the hive to hide, nor did he tremble, he walked out with a swagger and dignity.
两位树人盯着小孩左手背上宛如真物的叶片，同时感知到小孩身上不弱于他们的同族气息，不由好奇。
The two tree men stared at the leaf on the back of the child's left hand that looked like a real thing, and at the same time felt that the child's homogeneous aura was not weaker than theirs, and they couldn't help but be curious.
这小崽子在木精灵秘境干什么了？ What is this little cub doing in the Wood Elf Secret Realm?
竟然得到了那位大祭司的庇佑。而且他身上为什么有那么强烈的同族强者的气息，这气息怎么感觉像是那株生命之树？可又有那么一些不对劲……总之，很怪。
He was blessed by the high priest. And why does he have such a strong aura of a strong man of the same clan on his body, how does this aura feel like the tree of life? But something is wrong...... In short, weird.
王叶还对两位树人摆摆手，说了声：“再见，大佬们~”
Wang Ye also waved his hand to the two tree people and said, "Goodbye, big guys~"
虫巢里的雷木：“别挑衅，收敛点。” Lei Mu in the hive: "Don't provoke, be restrained." ”
王叶撇嘴，精神传音：“我没挑衅他们。我就是告诉他们，我不用签订那什么契约，也能自由进出木精灵秘境。”
Wang Ye pursed his lips and transmitted his spirit: "I didn't provoke them." I'm just telling them that I don't have to sign that contract to be able to enter and leave the Wood Elf Realm freely. ”
雷木：……还说不是挑衅，你就是不服之前吃了一点小亏。
Raimu: ...... also said that it was not a provocation, you just suffered a small loss before dissatisfied.
“那可是圣级大佬，人家只是逗你玩，如果真的想对你不利，你我根本就没有进入秘境的可能。”雷木劝说。
"That's a saint-level boss, people are just teasing you, if you really want to be unfavorable to you, you and I have no possibility of entering the secret realm at all." Raimu persuaded.
“我知道啊，所以我不是跟他们打招呼了吗？”王叶又对两位树人摆摆手，还夸张地拉开嘴角，做出一个笑容。
"I know, so didn't I say hello to them?" Wang Ye waved his hand at the two tree people again, and exaggeratedly pulled the corners of his mouth to make a smile.
雷木：“……”有时候就是他也会觉得自家这个有点欠。
Raimu: "......" sometimes even he feels a little indebted to this.
两树人看王叶那副宛如小人得志的得意模样，特想揍他。
The two tree people looked at Wang Ye's proud appearance like a villain, and wanted to beat him.
但就在这时，他们听到了一道声音，是那位前精灵族大祭司。
But just then, they heard a voice, it was the former elven high priest.
两位树人侧耳细听，听后都讶异无比。这小孩竟然帮助了木精灵们解决了一个大危机，甚至还帮助了生命之树脱离了生命危险得到新生？
The two tree men listened attentively, and they were both amazed. This kid actually helped the Wood Elves solve a big crisis, and even helped the Tree of Life get out of danger and get a new life?
这让两位树人对面前小崽的感观稍微好了那么一点点。 This made the two treemen feel a little better about the cub in front of them.
声音沙哑的树人没好气地轻轻抽了下王小叶的屁股，“滚蛋吧，臭小鬼，这次算你运气好。”
The tree man with a hoarse voice gently slapped Wang Xiaoye's ass angrily, "Get out, stinky little ghost, you're lucky this time." ”
王叶摸摸屁股，厚着脸皮说：“大佬，从这里怎么回裂隙战场？”
Wang Ye touched his buttocks and said cheekily: "Big guy, how can you go back to the rift battlefield from here?" ”
树人看小东西那厚脸皮的模样，啼笑皆非：“你怎么来的？”
The tree man looked at the cheeky appearance of the little thing, and laughed: "How did you get here?" ”
“用秘境钥匙来的，钥匙直接把我送到了这边。” "I came with the secret realm key, and the key sent me directly here."
“是吗。”沙哑的树人像是在笑，“既然如此，我就送你一程吧。”
"Yes." The hoarse tree man seemed to be laughing, "In that case, I'll give you a ride." ”
王叶隐约觉得不妙，正要拒绝，可树人压根没给他反应时间，一条树根从地下冒出，猛地卷住他，再用力一甩。
Wang Ye vaguely felt that something was wrong and was about to refuse, but the tree man didn't give him time to react at all, and a tree root emerged from the ground, grabbed him violently, and shook it hard.
王叶控制住自己想要惨叫的冲动，也没有进入虫巢，他能感觉到周围有一股力量在护着他，而他正在急速穿梭。
Wang Ye controlled his urge to scream, and did not enter the hive, he could feel that there was a force around him protecting him, and he was shuttling rapidly.
这个过程很快，等到他落到地面，他已经远远离开了那个木精灵秘境入口，也离开了树人族的族地范围。
The process was very fast, and by the time he hit the ground, he had already left the entrance of the Wood Elf Secret Realm, and he had also left the range of the Treant Clan.
不过王叶这会儿还不知道他已经离开树人族的秘密族地，他爬起来观察四周，第一眼就断定他没有在安全区。
However, Wang Ye didn't know that he had left the secret clan land of the Treant Clan, so he got up and looked around, and at first glance he concluded that he was not in the safe zone.
因为周围没有任何一株黑色树木，也看不到那极具特点的癞皮秃鹫。
Because there was not a single black tree around, and there was no characteristic leprosy vulture.
这里是一片砂砾地，周围空空荡荡，什么都没有。 It was a gravel field, empty and empty.
这是哪里？ Where is this?
雷木从虫巢里出来，神色警戒：“有奇怪的味道。” Lei Mu came out of the hive with a wary expression: "There is a strange smell." ”
王叶也听到了什么，面向西面：“那边有什么东西过来了。”
Wang Ye also heard something, and faced the west: "Something is coming over there." ”
两人迅速进入虫巢。 The two quickly entered the hive.
不一会儿，西面就走来了一支小队。 After a while, a small team came from the west.
王叶脱口道：“癞瘤怪！” Wang Ye blurted out: "Leper monster! ”
雷木神色凝重：“我们被扔到前沿战场来了。” Lei Mu's expression was solemn: "We were thrown to the front battlefield. ”
王叶闻言就开始嘀嘀咕咕，说那树人的坏话。 When Wang Ye heard this, he began to mumble and say bad things about the tree man.
家里一众小的都飞过来，好奇地看着外面的癞瘤怪，他们都是第一次看到。
All the small ones in the family flew over, looking curiously at the leprosy monster outside, they were all seeing it for the first time.
就连靳蜘蛛和疯药王都过来了。 Even Jin Spider and the Mad Medicine King came over.
这两位见识广，他们曾经也和癞瘤怪战斗过，并不陌生。
These two are well-informed, and they are no strangers to fighting the leprosy monster before.
靳蜘蛛比较靠谱，给几小介绍：“这东西也叫瘤背怪，注意它们背部的瘤子，是不是有六颗到八颗之多，这表明这些癞瘤怪只是那边的六级到八级。注意，癞瘤怪的实力等级和我们正好相反，他们是九级最低，一级最高，能突破一级的称为特级。特级和我们的圣级对应，再往上的级别，我们没有遇到过，不过就像我们这边有接近十一级的存在，癞瘤怪那边肯定也有特级以上的存在。”
Jin Spider is more reliable, and gave a few introductions: "This thing is also called a tumor-backed monster, pay attention to the tumors on their backs, whether there are as many as six to eight, which shows that these leprosy monsters are only level six to eight over there." Note that the strength level of the leprosy monsters is just the opposite of ours, they are the lowest level of the ninth level, the highest level of the first level, and those who can break through the first level are called special grades. The special grade corresponds to our holy level, and we have not encountered the higher level, but just like there is an existence close to the eleventh level on our side, there must also be an existence above the special level on the side of the leper monster. ”
“要打吗？”疯药王兴致勃勃地道：“你们手腕上戴的身份镯子可以记录你们杀瘤背怪的数量，而杀死瘤背怪是有贡献值拿的，不需要特别领任务。”
"Do you want to fight?" The Mad Medicine King said with great interest: "The identity bracelet you wear on your wrist can record the number of you kill the tumorback, and killing the tumorback monster has a contribution value, and there is no need to receive a special task." ”
王叶和雷木互看，他们以前从来没有接触过瘤背怪。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu looked at each other, they had never come into contact with the tumorback monster before.
“这是一个很好的实习机会，现在是停战期，不会有大规模的瘤背怪出现，而外面那一小队瘤背怪等级都不算高，正好给你们练练手。不去试试吗？”疯药王蛊惑道。
"This is a good internship opportunity, it's a truce, there won't be a large number of tumorbacks, and the small team of tumorbacks outside is not very high-level, just for you to practice. Why don't you try it? The Mad Medicine King said bewildermently.
王叶斜睨疯药王：“老头，你就直接说你想要瘤背怪身上的什么东西吧。”
Wang Ye squinted at the Crazy Medicine King: "Old man, just say what you want from the tumor-backed monster." ”
疯药王看忽悠不了王小叶，索性坦白：“我要那些瘤子。这些癞瘤怪也就它们背上的瘤子还有点用，其他的半点用处没有。”
The Mad Medicine King couldn't fool Wang Xiaoye, so he simply confessed: "I want those tumors." These leprosy monsters are still somewhat useful for the tumors on their backs, but not for anything else. ”
“瘤子有什么用？” "What's the use of tumors?"
“做毒药啊。”疯药王翻个白眼：“别这样看本药圣，你一个学炼药的，不会不知道毒药用好了也能当良药用。这些瘤子富含毒性，还是比较复杂的毒性。瘤背怪根据瘤子内的毒性不同，也分不同种类。目前已知的就有六种。”
"Make poison." The Crazy Medicine King rolled his eyes: "Don't look at this medicine saint like this, you are a person who learns to refine medicine, you won't know that poison can be used as good medicine even if it is used well." These tumors are rich in toxicity, or more complex toxicity. There are different types of tumor-backed monsters according to the toxicity in the tumor. There are currently six known. ”
疯药王甚至还诱惑王叶道：“你不想试试让你身体中的千木之毒吞噬这些瘤背怪的毒看看吗？说不定千木之毒可以变得更强，也能进一步改变你的体质。”
The Mad Medicine King even tempted Wang Ye and said, "Don't you want to try to let the poison of a thousand trees in your body devour the poison of these tumor-backed monsters?" Maybe the poison of a thousand trees can become stronger, and it can also change your constitution even further. ”
“改变体质？背上长瘤吗？”王叶拒绝。 "Change your physique? Do you have tumors on your back? Wang Ye refused.
疯药王气，“总之我要那些瘤子！你看着办吧。” The mad medicine king was angry, "Anyway, I want those tumors!" You can do it. ”
疯药王气呼呼地跑回去继续观察虫老三人。 The Mad Medicine King ran back angrily and continued to observe the three worms.
王叶看着外面那一小队瘤背怪，也有点心动。 Wang Ye looked at the small group of tumor-backed monsters outside, and he was also a little moved.
对面的瘤背怪就相当于双月星的二级到四级，他现在的实力可是相当于八级中阶，雷木也有六级中阶，他们俩收拾这队瘤背怪应该不难。
The tumorback monster on the opposite side is equivalent to the second to fourth level of the Double Moon Star, his current strength is equivalent to the eighth level of the intermediate level, and Lei Mu also has the sixth level of the intermediate level, it should not be difficult for the two of them to clean up this team of tumor back monsters.
“这些瘤背怪能交流吗？知道他们为什么会跑来侵略我们吗？”王叶询问靳蜘蛛。
"Can these tumor-backed monsters communicate? Do you know why they came to invade us? Wang Ye asked Jin Spider.
靳蜘蛛回答：“侵略的原因九成是因为资源。另外这些瘤背怪吃人，我们被它们杀死，它们会直接把我们吃掉，就跟吃魔兽一样，而且是生吃。至于交流，简单的可以，复杂的不行。这些瘤背怪等级越高，智力越高，相反则智力低下，就像半智慧生物。”
Jin Spider replied: "Ninety percent of the reason for aggression is because of resources. In addition, these lumberback monsters eat people, and when we are killed by them, they will eat us directly, just like eating monsters, and they eat them raw. As for communication, simple ones are fine, but complex ones are not. The higher the level of these tumorbacks, the higher their intelligence, and on the contrary, they have low intelligence, like semi-intelligent creatures. ”
不等王叶反应，靳蜘蛛就接着道：“我知道你想问什么，别指望和瘤背怪做朋友，也别指望和它们和平共处。以前我们也有人不断尝试过，但得出的结论同样，那些瘤背怪只把我们当食物看。你会跟食物做朋友吗？或者你想被瘤背怪当牲畜一样饲育吗？”
Without waiting for Wang Ye to react, Jin Spider continued: "I know what you want to ask, don't expect to be friends with the tumorbacks, and don't expect to live peacefully with them." We've had some of us try it before, but we've come to the same conclusion that the lumberbacks only see us as food. Would you be friends with food? Or do you want to be raised like livestock by lumberbacks? ”
耳听为虚眼见为实，王叶决定出去会会那些瘤背怪。 Hearing is false and seeing is believing, Wang Ye decided to go out and meet those tumor-backed monsters.
他对这种生物的来历很好奇。 He was curious about the creature's origins.
如果用地球眼光看，这些瘤背怪就相当于是侵略双月星的外星人。
If you look at it from the perspective of the earth, these tumorback monsters are equivalent to aliens invading the twin moon stars.
可它们表现出来的实力却和双月星人差不多，那么它们是怎么源源不断地来到这个裂隙战场？
But the strength they showed was similar to that of the Twin Moon Star Humans, so how did they keep coming to this rift battlefield?
它们也擅长魔法？还是它们掌握了某条通往这条空间裂缝的空间通道？
They're good at magic too? Or did they have some kind of spatial passage to this spatial rift?
另外这个裂隙战场到底在哪里？为什么会有地面和空气？
Also, where the hell is this rift battlefield? Why is there ground and air?
王叶没有遇到瘤背怪之前，还以为只有安全区是特别弄出来的承载物，而真正的前沿战场则是在太空中。
Before Wang Ye encountered the tumorback monster, he thought that only the safe zone was a specially made carrier, and the real frontier battlefield was in space.
现在看来，显然他想错了。 Now it seems that it is clear that he was wrong.
王叶也询问了靳蜘蛛，可令人惊讶的是，就连靳蜘蛛也不知道裂隙战场是怎样形成的，具体在哪里，他也不知道。
Wang Ye also asked Jin Spider, but surprisingly, even Jin Spider didn't know how the rift battlefield was formed, and he didn't know where it was.
“也许树人族和双月星的顶尖高层知道，毕竟有些秘密不适合让所有人知道。”靳蜘蛛这么说道。
"Maybe the top executives of the Treant Clan and the Double Moon Star know, after all, there are some secrets that are not suitable for everyone to know." Jin Spider said.
王叶听了这话不但没有解惑，反而更好奇。 When Wang Ye heard this, not only did he not solve his doubts, but he became more curious.
“走，木木，我们一起去会会那些瘤背怪。” "Let's go, Mumu, let's go and meet those tumor-backed monsters together."
“好。”雷木眼中冒出战意。 "Okay." There was a battle intent in Lei Mu's eyes.
第275章 瘤背怪的来历 Chapter 275: The Origin of the Tumorback Monster
瘤背怪们看到了一大一小两个人类，这让它们很兴奋。 The tumors saw two humans, one large and one small, which made them excited.
停战期不代表不可以打，真不想打，就别来前线。 The armistice does not mean that you can't fight, and if you really don't want to fight, don't come to the front.
“肉！幼崽！”一名瘤背怪兴奋得鼻孔都变大了。 "Meat! Cubs! "One of the lumpbacks was so excited that his nostrils widened.
“幼崽！肉，嫩！”另一名瘤背怪开始抹口水。 "Cubs! Meat, tender! The other lumpback began to wipe his saliva.
王叶和雷木听不懂瘤背怪的话，但他们看懂了瘤背怪的举动，那一队六名瘤背怪举着武器就冲他们跑过来了，那模样简直就跟猎狗看见兔子一样，超级兴奋。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu couldn't understand the words of the lumberback, but they understood the movement of the lumberback, and the team of six tumorbacks ran towards them with weapons in their hands, and they looked like hounds seeing rabbits, super excited.
王叶还试图沟通：“喂喂，那边的大兄弟们，我们聊聊啊。”
Wang Ye also tried to communicate: "Hey, big brothers over there, let's talk." ”
鬼才跟你聊，根本听不懂你说什么。瘤背怪非常有捕猎经验，六个怪成了一个包围圈，确保猎物不会逃走，而且它们还对猎物发出怪异的吼声，像是在恐吓两人。
The ghost is talking to you, and he can't understand what you're saying. The tumborkback monsters are very experienced in hunting, and the six monsters form a circle to ensure that the prey does not escape, and they also let out a strange roar at the prey, as if to intimidate the two of them.
【任务发布！玩家隔壁小王在裂隙战场前线发现瘤背怪小队，被该小队当做猎物，不想成为瘤背怪的猎物，就反过来杀死这些怪物吧。任务奖励，九瘤怪10点经验值，八瘤怪20点，七瘤怪30点；六瘤怪100点，五瘤怪1000点，四瘤怪5000点；三瘤怪一万点，二瘤怪十万点，独瘤怪一百万点。】
【Mission Released!】 The player's next door, Xiao Wang, found a team of tumors on the front line of the rift battlefield, and was used as prey by the team, and if he didn't want to become the prey of tumors, he would kill these monsters in turn. Task reward, 10 experience points for the Nine Tumor Monsters, 20 points for the Eight Tumor Monsters, and 30 points for the Seven Tumor Monsters; 100 points for six tumors, 1,000 points for five tumors, and 5,000 points for four tumors; There are 10,000 points for the three tumors, 100,000 points for the second tumors, and 1 million points for the single tumors. 】
王叶再次感到游戏系统的抠门，低级瘤背怪打死根本赚不到多少经验值，除非用数量取胜。高级的，虽然给得多，但也同样不好打。
Wang Ye once again felt the door of the game system, and the low-level tumor back monster couldn't earn much experience points at all, unless he won by numbers. The high-level one, although it is given a lot, is also not easy to beat.
不过蚊子腿也是肉，总比不给奖励的要好。 However, mosquito legs are also meat, and it is better than not giving a reward.
“注意它们的武器。”雷木快速道。 "Watch out for their weapons." Thunderwood Expressway.
王叶看到了，他也拿出了他的二胡。 Wang Ye saw it, and he also took out his erhu.
瘤背怪的武器很像是一端带着圆球的笛子，也像是嘴管延长很多的埙。球体上开着好几个孔。
The weapon of the tumorback monster resembles a flute with a round ball on one end, and it also resembles a Xun with a much longer mouth tube. There are several holes in the sphere.
王叶很喜欢埙，他还学过，自认吹得还不错。 Wang Ye likes Xun very much, he has also learned, and he thinks he blows it well.
不过瘤背怪拿出的显然不是乐器，因为当它们对王叶和雷木甩起圆球管时，圆球孔里喷射出了像蜘蛛网一样的黏丝。
However, it was clearly not a musical instrument that the lumberback monsters were pulling out, because when they threw the ball tube at Wang Ye and Lei Mu, the ball hole sprayed sticky filaments like spider webs.
这种丝一喷出来就变成网状，向两人网过来。 As soon as this silk is sprayed out, it becomes a net and comes towards the two of them.
王叶和雷木自动背靠背，一人用火焰去焚烧那些黏丝网，一人拉起二胡使用七十级开启的技能【自食其果】，让那些攻击原路返回。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu automatically went back to back, one used flames to burn those sticky wire nets, and the other pulled up the erhu and used the skill [Self-Reliance] opened at level 70 to let those attacks return the way they came.
雷木目光一闪，火焰竟然对这种黏丝网不管用。对面的瘤背怪们看到他使用火焰，还发出了怪异的笑声，像是在等着看好戏。
Lei Mu's eyes flashed, and the flames didn't work against this kind of sticky wire net. The ondulumbacks on the other side let out a weird laugh when they saw him using fire, as if they were waiting to see a good show.
但王叶的【自食其果】就让瘤背怪们有点头疼了，因为那些黏丝网以极快的速度啪啪黏到了它们身上。
But Wang Ye's [self-inflicted fruit] gave the tumorback monsters a little headache, because the sticky wire nets snapped and stuck to them at a very fast speed.
没有被黏住的瘤背怪立刻用那只圆球管去收回黏在自己怪身上的黏丝网。
The unstuck monster immediately used the ball tube to retrieve the sticky wire mesh that was stuck to its own monster.
雷木趁机扑过去，一拳击中一名瘤背怪的脑袋。 Reimu took the opportunity to pounce and punched a tumorback monster in the head.
那瘤背怪痛叫一声，脑袋都瘪了一块，竟然还没死，它还转头冲着雷木龇牙，手中长尾埙迅速一挥，埙孔里喷出了毒液。
The tumor-backed monster screamed in pain, its head was deflated, and it was not dead, it turned its head at Lei Mu and bared its teeth, and the long-tailed Xun in his hand quickly waved, and venom spewed out from the Xun hole.
雷木躲过毒液，毒液落到地上，砂砾地竟然发出滋滋啦啦的腐蚀声。
Thunderwood dodged the venom, and the venom fell to the ground, and the gravel ground made a sizzling and corrosive sound.
另一名没有被黏丝网黏住的瘤背怪也在攻击雷木，但它的圆球管里喷出的竟然是砂砾，但那些砂砾显然不是普通砂砾，更像是散弹枪的铁珠子。
Another lumpback monster that wasn't stuck in the sticky wire mesh was also attacking Thunderwood, but it was spewing gravel out of its tube, but it was clearly not just ordinary gravel, more like the iron balls of a shotgun.
但那些砂砾一粒都没有碰到雷木。 But none of the grit touched the thunderwood.
王叶自认第一辅助，那就不是白辅助的，他给雷木身上加了【因果循环】守护罩，任何攻击，只要实力不超过他，就不可能破开这个防护罩。
Wang Ye thinks that he is the first assistant, then it is not a white auxiliary, he added a [Cause and Effect Cycle] protective shield to Lei Mu's body, any attack, as long as the strength does not exceed him, it is impossible to break this protective shield.
雷木加快速度围绕瘤背怪使用近身攻击，他在摸这些瘤背怪的底。
Thunderwood sped up and used a melee attack around the tumblebacks, and he was touching the bottoms of the lumpsbacks.
王叶配合默契，转眼就改变招数，使出【纠缠不清】，用因果线缠住那些瘤背怪的手脚，好让雷木测试这些瘤背怪的实力。
Wang Ye cooperated tacitly, and in the blink of an eye, he changed his tricks, used [Entanglement], and used the causal line to entangle the hands and feet of those tumor-backed monsters, so that Lei Mu could test the strength of these tumor-backed monsters.
瘤背怪们气急了，它们被看不到的东西捆绑住了，手脚都被紧紧纠缠到一起，有武器也使用不起来。
The tumborks were furious, they were bound by what they couldn't see, their hands and feet were tightly entangled, and they couldn't use their weapons.
这让这场战斗变成了单方面的殴打。 This turned the fight into a one-sided assault.
靳蜘蛛在虫巢里看得直摇头，这支瘤背怪小队也可怜，出门巡逻竟然会碰到王叶和雷木，今天它们铁定是逃不过了。
Jin Spider shook his head in the hive, this team of tumor-backed monsters is also pitiful, when they go out on patrol, they will encounter Wang Ye and Lei Mu, they will definitely not be able to escape today.
雷木把瘤背怪挨个揍了一通，有数了，跟王叶说：“它们皮肉骨骼很结实，抗打击能力强，揍上去的手感像是皮革，但它们的骨头很软，似乎还能移位。另外它们的皮肤很结实，普通的伤害无法破开它们的皮肤，得至少和它们等级的超凡者才有可能伤害到它们。”
Lei Mu beat the tumor-backed monsters one by one, counted them, and said to Wang Ye: "Their skin and bones are very strong, and they have strong resistance to blows, and they feel like leather when they beat them, but their bones are very soft, and they seem to be able to move." In addition, their skin is so strong that ordinary damage cannot break through their skin, and it is only possible for someone of their level to be at least as good as them. ”
王叶一边拉着二胡用因果线溜着这六个瘤背怪，一边也道：“它们速度很快、动作很灵敏，讲究团队战。从它们的武器精致度也能看出来，它们的手工很不错。奇怪它们怎么不穿衣服。”
Wang Ye pulled the erhu and slipped the six tumor-backed monsters with a causal line, and also said: "They are very fast, very sensitive, and pay attention to team battles. As you can tell from the sophistication of their weapons, their craftsmanship is good. Strange how they don't wear clothes. ”
王叶目光落到瘤背怪的脚上，那是蹄型结构，只有两个分趾，脚掌非常厚实。
Wang Ye's gaze fell on the foot of the tumor-backed monster, which was a hoof-shaped structure, with only two split toes, and the soles of the feet were very thick.
“陆地生物，生活环境应该多平原。眼睛凸出，应该可以看得很远。身体体味很重，但看不到脏污，也许和饮食有关。能全员保持身体洁净，这说明这个种族的文明程度不低。”
"Land creatures should live in a more plain environment. The eyes bulge out and should be able to see far away. The body odor is very strong, but you can't see the dirt, maybe it has something to do with your diet. Being able to keep all members clean shows that the civilization of this race is not low. ”
“看不出性别特征，也许隐藏起来了，也许它们的繁殖方式比较特殊。”
"You can't see the sex characteristics, maybe it's hidden, maybe they reproduce in a special way."
“身上没有饰品，也没有代表审美的绘纹，说明它们的精神生活很贫瘠。竟然拿埙这么优秀的乐器来当武器，里面还放着奇奇怪怪的东西，太不应该了。”
"There are no ornaments on their bodies, and there are no paintings that represent aesthetics, indicating that their spiritual life is very poor. It is too undesirable to use such an excellent instrument as a weapon with Xun, and there are strange things in it. ”
王叶不爽，施展【自掘坟墓】，把六名瘤背怪都埋到了土中，只留一个脑袋在外面。
Wang Ye was not happy, and used [Self-digging Grave] to bury all six tumor-backed monsters in the soil, leaving only one head outside.
雷木停下攻击，却仍旧戒备道：“它们在求救，它们刚才发出了很低的有节奏的低音，这种低音可以传得很远。”
王叶蹲到瘤背怪脑袋前，表示不急，大不了等会儿他们进虫巢。
王叶跟拍西瓜一样，挨个拍了拍瘤背怪的脑袋。
瘤背怪嘴里喷出宛如脏话的怒吼声。
王叶评价：“音节单一，要么就是这群瘤背怪的智慧比较低，要么就是瘤背怪的语言体系还没发展起来。”
雷木判断：“我觉得它们与其说像是智慧生物，不如说它们更像魔兽，类似半智慧型的野蛮生物。”
“我来看看这些东西到底是什么玩意。”王叶打开了因果卷，因果卷上果然标明了这些瘤背怪的名字。
"I'll see what the hell these things are." Wang Ye opened the cause and effect scroll, and the cause and effect scroll was indeed marked with the names of these tumor-backed monsters.
王叶的精神力触摸等级最高的一名瘤背怪的名字，升到八十五级的他，如今能通过因果卷看到更多相关者的背景资料。
【瘤背怪，自称塔塔拉族，该族为金字塔构造，上层为高智慧生物，底层为半智慧生物。迁徙型生物，来自已经毁灭的四方星。】
【塔塔拉族偶尔发现了一条空间裂缝，无数次试探后，找到了一条通往双月星的稳定通道，可就在它们即将抵达双月星时，被守护在双月星外的树人族发现并拦截。】
[The Tatara clan occasionally found a spatial rift, and after countless temptations, they found a stable passage to the Twin Moon Stars, but just as they were about to arrive at the Twin Moon Stars, they were discovered and intercepted by the Treants guarding outside the Twin Moon Stars. 】
【树人族合力打开一条空间裂缝，把塔塔拉族的浮空岛强行拉入裂缝，这就是裂隙战场。树人族更合力把战场控制在浮空岛上，并想彻底占领浮空岛。】
[The Treants work together to open a spatial rift and forcibly pull the Tatara Clan's floating island into the rift, which is the rift battlefield. The Treants have worked together to control the battlefield on the Floating Island, and want to completely occupy the Floating Island. 】
王叶看到这里，不禁对树人族肃然起敬。 When Wang Ye saw this, he couldn't help but be in awe of the Treant Clan.
太牛掰了！不但把敌人挡在家门之外，更直接把战场开到了人家的宇宙飞船上。
It's so awesome! Not only did he keep the enemy out of his home, but he also drove the battlefield directly to someone's spaceship.
不过这个宇宙飞船不是船，而是一座可以在太空中漂浮航行的庞大岛屿。
But this spaceship is not a ship, but a huge island that can float and sail through space.
王叶不知道这个浮空岛有多大，但只看这么多年来双月星各族高层都没能把这座岛打下来，就知道这座岛的面积范围之广绝对超出他的想象。
Wang Ye didn't know how big this floating island was, but just looking at the fact that the high-level of the Shuangyue Star clan had not been able to knock down this island for so many years, he knew that the area of this island was definitely beyond his imagination.
试想，如果这么一座浮空岛出现在双月星，不说塔塔拉族的武力值和它们把双月星生灵当猎物看的态度，只这座浮空岛挡住双月星的太阳，双月星就得倒大霉。
Just imagine, if such a floating island appeared in the Twin Moon Star, not to mention the strength of the Tatara clan and their attitude of treating the creatures of the Twin Moon Stars as prey, only this floating island blocked the sun of the Twin Moon Stars, and the Twin Moon Stars would be unlucky.
更不要提其他的引力影响等等。 Not to mention other gravitational influences and so on.
如果塔塔拉族脑残，想要搞个大的，只要把浮空岛切一部分丢下来，双月星九成要进入末世时代。
If the Tatara people are brainless and want to make a big one, they only need to cut a part of the floating island and throw it away, and ninety percent of the twin moon stars will enter the end times.
所以树人族没有立即攻打这座浮空岛，而是把这庞大的浮空岛立即拉入空间裂缝的做法，无疑是对双月星最好的。
Therefore, the Treant Clan's practice of not immediately attacking this floating island, but immediately pulling this huge floating island into the spatial rift, is undoubtedly the best for the Double Moon Star.
树人族值得尊敬，但王叶对那声音沙哑的树人招呼也不打地就把他扔到前线的行为还是有点小小不爽。
The Treant Clan deserves respect, but Wang Ye's behavior of throwing the hoarse Treant to the front line without saying hello to him is still a little unpleasant.
虽然他现在很强，那名树人大概也是发现了这点，加上确定他还能隐身自保，才把他扔过来。
Although he was strong now, the tree man probably noticed this and was sure that he could still protect himself from stealth before throwing him over.
但小心眼的王叶仍旧记住了那名沙哑树人的声音和外形，打算以后再报复回去，比如扔两块泥巴什么的。
But the cautious Wang Ye still remembered the voice and appearance of the hoarse tree man, and planned to retaliate back later, such as throwing two pieces of mud or something.
王叶把他在因果卷上看到的内容跟雷木说了，重点表达了他对树人族整体的尊崇和对某单个树人的不满。
Wang Ye told Lei Mu what he saw on the Cause and Effect Scroll, focusing on his respect for the Treant Race as a whole and his dissatisfaction with a single Treant.
雷木知道王叶的异术可以知道一些别人不知道的事情，也不是很奇怪，但他听到最后，忍不住笑起来。
Lei Mu knew that Wang Ye's magic could know some things that others didn't know, and it wasn't very strange, but when he heard the end, he couldn't help but laugh.
“也许这件事还真不能怪到那位树人头上。”雷木公允地说。
"Maybe the tree man can't really be blamed for this." Reimu said fairly.
王叶瞪雷木，不高兴道：“难道还怪我吗？” Wang Ye glared at Lei Mu and said unhappily: "Do you still blame me?" ”
雷木揉揉他的脑袋：“你还记得你跟那位树人说的内容吗？”
Remu rubbed his head, "Do you remember what you said to the tree man?" ”
“当然记得，我说‘大佬，从这里怎么回裂隙战场’……”王叶哑巴了。
"Of course I remember, I said, 'Big guy, how do you go back to the rift battlefield from here'......" Wang Ye was dumbfounded.
雷木吃吃笑：“明白了？人家可是按照你说的，特意把你送到了战场上。”
Lei Mu ate and laughed: "Understood? They did what you said and sent you to the battlefield on purpose. ”
王叶低低骂了一句脏话，死不承认是自己说错，非说那树人就是故意整他，否则裂隙战场这么大，为什么单单把他扔到前线？
Wang Ye scolded a dirty word in a low voice, and refused to admit that he was wrong, not to say that the tree man was deliberately manipulating him, otherwise the rift battlefield was so big, why did he just throw him to the front line?
“他要真的整你，就把我们扔进瘤背怪的大本营，而不是战场前线了。”雷木再度为树人说了一句话。
"If he's going to really fix you, he'll throw us into the base camp of the Tumor Back Monsters, not the front line of the battlefield." Reimu said a word to the Treant again.
王叶火了，插腰不依不饶地道：“木木，你说！你是站我这边，还是站树人那边？我要是和树人族打起来，你帮谁？”
Wang Ye was on fire, and said reluctantly: "Mumu, you say!" Are you on my side, or on the side of the tree man? If I fight the Treants, who will you help? ”
“当然是帮你。”聪明的雷木毫不犹豫地道。他才不会和一个不讲理的小孩吵架时和他讲道理，这时候顺着毛摸就好。
"Helping you, of course." The clever Reimu said without hesitation. He won't reason with an unreasonable child when he quarrels with him, just follow the fur at this time.
王叶舒坦了，一脚把想从土里挣扎出来的瘤背怪又踩回去，还不忘给雷木洗脑：“亲爱的木木，记住你的话，你要永远都站我这一边。”
Wang Ye was relieved, and stepped back on the tumor-backed monster that wanted to struggle out of the soil, and did not forget to brainwash Lei Mu: "Dear Mumu, remember your words, you will always stand by my side." ”
雷木捏捏王小叶的耳朵，保证：“嗯，不论你变成什么样，不论你将来是好人还是坏人，我永远都会站在你这边。”
Lei Mu pinched Wang Xiaoye's ears and promised: "Well, no matter what you become, no matter whether you are a good person or a bad person in the future, I will always be on your side." ”
一句话让王叶心花怒放，就连对那沙哑嗓树人的一点不满都抛到了九霄云外。他的木木果然最向着他了~！
One sentence made Wang Ye's heart bloom, and even the slightest dissatisfaction with the hoarse voice of the tree man was thrown out of the clouds. His Mu Mu is really the most towards him~!
“木木你真好，不枉爸爸这么疼你~”王叶高兴地拍拍雷木胳膊。
"Mu Mu, you are so good, it's not in vain that Dad loves you so much~" Wang Ye happily patted Lei Mu's arm.
雷木无奈脸：“我已经有很多爸爸了，你就别来凑热闹了好吧？”
Lei Mu had a helpless face: "I already have a lot of dads, so don't come to join in the fun, okay?" ”
王叶哈哈大笑。 Wang Ye laughed.
雷木也笑着摇头，指了指地上那六个西瓜：“怎么办？是就这么放着，还是杀了？”
Lei Mu also shook his head with a smile and pointed to the six watermelons on the ground: "What should I do?" Do you just leave it there, or do you kill it? ”
“活的抓回去，贡献值是不是更高？”王叶兴致勃勃。 "If you catch it alive, is the contribution value higher?" Wang Ye was in high spirits.
“不知道，我没想过那么快上战场，就没研究。那就带活的回去？”
"I don't know, I didn't think about going to the battlefield so soon, so I didn't study it. Then take the live ones back? ”
“嗯，就带活的。”王叶一拳一个，用了八分力道才把六个瘤背怪都揍晕过去。
"Well, just bring it alive." Wang Ye punched one by one, and it took eight points of strength to knock out all the six tumor-backed monsters.
“挺抗揍的。”王叶挥挥爪子。 "It's quite resistant." Wang Ye waved his claws.
疯药王及时飘过来，“有活的？太好了！给我留两个，我要用它们试药。”
The Mad Medicine King floated over in time, "Alive?" That's great! Leave me two, and I'm going to use them to test the medicine. ”
“等等，我记得好像瘤背怪的活口很难抓，它们好像……”靳蜘蛛终于想起，连忙警告：“小心它们自爆！”
"Wait, I remember that it seems that the live mouth of the tumorback monster is difficult to catch, they seem to be ......" Jin Spider finally remembered, and hurriedly warned: "Be careful of them blowing themselves up!" ”
轰！轰！轰！ Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!
接连三声响，实际上是六声，只不过有几道爆炸声叠在一起，才只有三道。
Three sounds in succession, in fact, six, but a few explosions were stacked on top of each other, and there were only three.
王叶和雷木速度非常快，在爆炸声响起的同时，他们就蹿出了老远。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu were very fast, and at the same time as the explosion sounded, they jumped out of the way.
六个瘤背怪自爆，炸出了六个坑，它们的武器也跟着爆炸。
The six lumpbacks blew themselves up, blowing up six craters, and their weapons exploded with them.
腐蚀毒液和血肉混合在一起，弄得这一片地一股难闻的怪味，还有毒烟混合尘土喷上天空。
Corrosive venom mixed with flesh and blood, causing a foul smell in the area, and poisonous smoke mixed with dust sprayed into the sky.
王叶无语：“这么烈性的吗？我又没说要杀它们，也没重伤它们，何苦如此？”
Wang Ye was speechless: "Is it so fierce?" I didn't say I was going to kill them, I didn't seriously injure them, so why bother? ”
靳蜘蛛严肃道：“这不是烈性，这是控制。瘤背怪高层很反感底层被俘虏，一旦有谁被俘虏，在确定逃不掉的情况下，那些俘虏九成九都会自爆，没有及时在战场自爆的，被带到安全区也会炸开，哪怕它们身处昏迷中，也不知道它们是怎么判断情况的。而且它们的自爆不但它们自己可以控制，它们的上层还可以远距离操控，所以哪怕有魔法，也很难保证瘤背怪的活口。”
Jin Spider said solemnly: "This is not fierceness, this is control." The high-level of the tumorback monster is very disgusted with being captured at the bottom, once someone is captured, if it is certain that they can't escape, nine out of ten of those captives will blow themselves up, and those who don't blow themselves up on the battlefield in time will also explode if they are taken to a safe area, even if they are in a coma, I don't know how they judge the situation. Moreover, not only can they control their self-detonation, but their upper levels can also be controlled from a distance, so even if there is magic, it is difficult to ensure that the Tumbleback Monster is alive. ”
王叶眯眼，抱臂道：“有古怪。谁会这样对自己的族人？”
Wang Ye squinted, hugged his arms and said, "It's weird." Who would do this to their own people? ”
靳蜘蛛：“是有古怪，但至今为止还没有谁发现这个古怪。”
Jin Spider: "It's weird, but no one has noticed it so far. ”
王叶眼睛珠子骨碌碌转。 Wang Ye's eyes were beady.
雷木则趁着这一会儿工夫已经把周围侦查一圈，并传消息回来：“又有瘤背怪过来了，应该是收到上批瘤背怪的求救，这次过来的数量比较多，约有五六十个，其中最厉害的瘤背怪只有三个瘤子。”
Lei Mu took advantage of this moment to reconnoiter the surroundings and sent a message back: "There are tumor back monsters coming over again, it should be that I received a call for help from the last batch of tumor back monsters, the number of people who came over this time is relatively large, about fifty or sixty, and the most powerful tumor back monster only has three tumors." ”
王叶立即道：“木木，进虫巢，我们去瘤背怪的地盘转转。”
Wang Ye immediately said: "Mu Mu, enter the worm nest, let's go to the territory of the tumor back monster." ”
两人进入虫巢，躲到一边，等到那队瘤背怪过来查看情况，就悄悄跟了上去。
The two of them entered the hive, hid to the side, and waited until the group of tumblebacks came to check on the situation, and then quietly followed.
很可惜，他们听不懂瘤背怪在说什么，不过看它们的神情像是对这种自爆情况一点都不奇怪。
Unfortunately, they couldn't understand what the Lumberback was saying, but it wasn't strange to see how they looked at the self-detonation.
瘤背怪用了某物打扫了战场，把自爆的瘤背怪尸体碎片和武器碎片都收走了。
The Lumbacker cleaned up the battlefield with something, taking away the fragments of the corpse and weapon fragments that had exploded.
王叶不禁庆幸他提前弄了一点给疯药王和靳蜘蛛，不过这两位对瘤背怪的尸体和武器并不陌生，以前就研究过，他们只想要活的和完整的武器。
Wang Ye couldn't help but be glad that he had gotten a little bit in advance for the Mad Medicine King and Jin Spider, but these two were no strangers to the corpses and weapons of the tumorback monsters, they had studied them before, and they only wanted living and complete weapons.
疯药王还嘀嘀咕咕地唠叨王叶，说他早就该下手把那些瘤背怪身上的瘤子切割下来，现在好了，都浪费了。
The Mad Medicine King also muttered and nagged Wang Ye, saying that he should have cut off the tumors on those tumor-backed monsters a long time ago, and now it's all wasted.
王叶给他烦得头疼：“行了，等会儿我们进入瘤背怪的地盘，我给您弄一堆好了吧？”
Wang Ye gave him a headache: "Okay, let's enter the territory of the tumor back monster later, I'll get you a bunch, right?" ”
疯药王这才满意。 The Mad Medicine King was satisfied.
王叶让虫巢收敛了全部气息，跟着那队瘤背怪行走了很久。
Wang Ye let the hive gather all his breath and followed the team of tumorback monsters for a long time.
那些瘤背怪也有飞行器，而且就像是科技和魔幻的结合物，那是一种椭圆形的圆盘，瘤背怪站在那些圆盘上，圆盘会自动变大，把它们带到半空，并且圆盘还会冒出光幕笼罩住这些瘤背怪。
The tumblebacks also have flying machines, and it's like a combination of technology and magic, it's an oval disc that the lumberback stands on on and the disc automatically grows larger, carrying them into the air, and the disc emits a curtain of light to envelop the lumback.
圆盘飞行速度不算特别快，时速大约只有六十公里。 The disc does not fly very fast, only about sixty kilometers per hour.
途中王叶还看到了几支巡逻中的瘤背怪，倒是没有看到双月星人。
On the way, Wang Ye also saw a few tumor back monsters on patrol, but he didn't see the Twin Moon Star People.
王叶猜测这里大概更靠近瘤背怪的营地，而不是双月星那边。
Wang Ye guessed that this place was probably closer to the camp of the tumorback monster than to the side of the Twin Moon Star.
没多久，巡逻一圈的瘤背怪们飞向了一座城堡。 Not long after, the roving rumbored monsters flew towards a castle.
第276章 进入、医疗室 Chapter 276: Enter, Medical Room
城堡建筑虽然和人类的有些区别，但大体还是类似的攻防型建筑，只不过更加圆润，没有多少棱角。
Although the castle building is somewhat different from the human one, it is still generally similar to the offensive and defensive buildings, but it is more rounded and does not have many edges and corners.
王叶发现这个塔塔拉族很喜欢圆形和弧形结构。 Wang Ye found that this Tatara tribe is very fond of circular and curved structures.
第一个圆盘飞进城堡打开的一个缺口中。 The first disc flew into a gap opened in the castle.
王叶看到有些微的光芒亮了亮。 Wang Ye saw a faint light brighten up.
当即，王叶就操纵虫巢钻入了一个瘤背怪的耳朵里。 Immediately, Wang Ye manipulated the insect nest to burrow into the ear of a tumor-backed monster.
那个瘤背怪抬起手指掏了掏耳朵，也没在意，晃晃脑袋就操纵圆盘飞向城堡缺口。
The lumberback raised his finger and plucked his ear, but he didn't care, and shook his head and manipulated the disc to fly towards the castle gap.
靳蜘蛛想说什么，被疯药王阻止。 Jin Spider wanted to say something, but was stopped by the Mad Medicine King.
疯药王一脸看好戏的坏笑。 The Crazy Medicine King had a wicked smile on his face.
审核身份的检测仪亮起一道光芒，该名瘤背怪顺利通过了检测。
The detector that verified the identity lit up, and the tumor-backed monster successfully passed the test.
疯药王的下巴掉到了地上。 The Mad Medicine King's jaw fell to the ground.
靳蜘蛛的动作凝固。 Jin Spider's movements froze.
虫巢中，王叶正要炫耀自己的机智，就看到疯药王和靳蜘蛛表情怪异地盯着他，那神情就跟看到他突然异变成某种神奇物种一样。
In the insect nest, Wang Ye was about to show off his wit, when he saw the Mad Medicine King and Jin Spider staring at him with strange expressions, and their expressions were like seeing him suddenly transform into some kind of magical species.
就来雷木都诧异地问两位大佬：“怎么了？有什么问题吗？”
Lei Mudu asked the two bigwigs in surprise: "What's wrong?" Any questions? ”
“问题大了！”疯药王嘀咕。 "Big problem!" The Mad Medicine King muttered.
王叶和雷木一起看向更靠谱的靳蜘蛛。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu looked at the more reliable Jin Spider together.
靳蜘蛛爬到一块大石头上，说道：“虽然我不知道这两百多年裂隙战场有什么变化，但我可以很肯定地告诉你，在两百多年前，没有任何一个双月星人能进入瘤背怪的地盘。就算是圣级也不行，他们一旦靠近瘤背怪地盘，就会触发警报，不管用什么方法，都没有成功过！”
Jin Spider climbed onto a large rock and said, "Although I don't know what has changed in the rift battlefield in the past two hundred years, I can tell you with certainty that more than two hundred years ago, no Twin Moon Star people could enter the territory of the tumor back monster. Even if it's a saint-level, once they get close to the territory of the tumbordback, they will trigger an alarm, no matter what method they use, they have never succeeded! ”
王叶：“……可我进来了。” Wang Ye: "...... But I came in. ”
疯药王：“是啊，你进来了。”随即疯狂抓头：“你到底是怎么进来的？为什么警报没有响？”
Mad Medicine King: "Yes, you're in." Then he scratched his head frantically: "How the hell did you get in?" Why didn't the alarm go off? ”
他还打算看王叶只能在城堡外围转悠，却拿这个城堡没办法的样子，好嘲笑他，结果呢？
He also planned to see that Wang Ye could only wander around the periphery of the castle, but he could laugh at him with the appearance that this castle had no way, but what was the result?
王叶摊手：“我怎么知道，反正我就这么进来了。” Wang Ye spread his hands: "How do I know, I just came in like this anyway." ”
疯药王团团转，他想不通：“难道这个虫巢空间就这么厉害？可以前也有过厉害的空间系大佬，可一样被发现了，你和他到底有什么区别？哦，区别难道就是你比他弱？”
The Mad Medicine King was round and round, and he couldn't figure it out: "Could it be that this hive space is so powerful?" I can have a powerful space boss before, but I was also discovered, what is the difference between you and him? Oh, is the difference that you're weaker than him? ”
靳蜘蛛也在思考这个问题。 Jin Spider is also thinking about this question.
雷木看向王叶，脸上露出若有所思的神情，他像是想到了什么。
Lei Mu looked at Wang Ye with a thoughtful look on his face, as if he had thought of something.
王叶挑挑眉：“怎么进来这个问题我们可以先放一边。既然这么多年来，只有我一个人进入了瘤背怪的地盘，那么从现在开始，我们尽量用魔影石拍下这里的全部景象，这可以给我赚来很多贡献值对吧？”
Wang Ye raised his eyebrows: "How to get in, we can put it aside first." Since I've been the only one in the Tumbleback Monster's territory for so many years, from now on, we're going to try to capture all the scenes here with Shadow Stones, which can earn me a lot of contributions, right? ”
“我想他们会更想知道你是怎么进入瘤背怪地盘的。”靳蜘蛛坦言。
"I think they'll want to know more about how you got into the Tumorback's territory." Jin Spider said frankly.
王叶特无赖地道：“不怕，大不了我把师父们推出去，再不行就亮出生命之树。半神嘛，总比圣级更厉害。”
Wang Yete said scoundrelly: "Don't be afraid, it's a big deal that I will push the masters out, and if it doesn't work, the tree of life will be revealed." Demigods, it's always more powerful than the holy level. ”
疯药王和靳蜘蛛：你就仗着你靠山多又硬，浪吧！ Mad Medicine King and Jin Spider: You just rely on your backing to be more and harder, let's wave!
这座城堡应该只是前线战场的一个营地，并不算很大，王叶只在里面转悠了半天，感觉就把整个城堡区走完了。
This castle should be just a camp on the frontline battlefield, not very big, Wang Ye only wandered around it for half a day, and he felt that the entire castle area was over.
而且这个城堡区也没什么可特别注意的，就是一个普通军营。
And there is nothing special to pay attention to in this castle district, which is just an ordinary military barracks.
王叶去看了瘤背怪士兵的住处，八怪一间房，睡得是地铺，条件真不算好。但瘤背怪似乎特别爱洗澡，它们的宿营地有很多开放的淋浴场。
Wang Ye went to see the residence of the tumor back monster soldier, eight monsters in one room, sleeping on the ground, the conditions are really not good. However, tumorbacks seem to be particularly fond of bathing, and their campsites have plenty of open showers.
王叶又去看了它们的炊事点，发现这些瘤背怪吃的食物以肉食为主，那是一种像汉堡肉一样的一块块肉糜团，全是生的，但颜色不是血红，而是发黑。可瘤背怪们吃得津津有味。
Wang Ye went to look at their cooking points again, and found that the food eaten by these tumor-backed monsters was mainly meat, which was a kind of lump of minced meat like hamburger meat, all raw, but the color was not blood red, but black. But the tumorback monsters ate with relish.
而蔬菜则是一种像是蘑菇的食物。 Vegetables, on the other hand, are a kind of mushroom-like food.
“真单调啊，而且那肉食怎么看都像是过期变质了，闻着味道就不舒服。”王叶觉得这些瘤背怪如果不是没其他食物，恐怕也吃不下去这肉糜团，也怪不得那些瘤背怪看到他们就流口水。
"It's so monotonous, and the meat looks like it's expired and spoiled, and it doesn't taste good to smell it." Wang Ye felt that if these tumor-backed monsters didn't have any other food, they probably wouldn't be able to eat this minced meat, and it was no wonder that those tumor-backed monsters drooled when they saw them.
疯药王只看了一眼，就肯定道：“有毒。” The Mad Medicine King only glanced at it and affirmed, "It's poisonous." ”
王叶两种食物都想尝一点，被雷木严厉阻止了。但王叶还是想法弄到了一点，带回虫巢交给疯药王研究。
Wang Ye wanted to taste both foods, but was severely stopped by Lei Mu. But Wang Ye still got a little idea, and brought it back to the hive and handed it over to the Mad Medicine King for research.
王叶还去这个军营里最大的三瘤怪那里待了一会儿，还翻了翻它的箱柜，但瘤背怪的记录方法显然用的不是纸笔，他没发现任何带有文字和图案的纸张、毛皮或者石板之类，也没发现其他类似地球科技的记录物品。
Wang Ye also went to stay with the largest three-tumor monster in the barracks for a while, and also rummaged through its cabinets, but the recording method of the tumor back monster was obviously not using paper and pen, and he did not find any paper, fur, or stone slabs with words and patterns, nor did he find other recording items similar to earth technology.
最后王叶去了库房，但最终他没有动这里摆放的武器和飞行器，因为这里有很多个瘤背怪在看守，它们显然对这里的武器和飞行器数量都非常清楚，一旦缺少立刻就会发现。
In the end, Wang Ye went to the storehouse, but in the end he didn't touch the weapons and flying machines placed here, because there were many lumberback monsters guarding here, and they were obviously very aware of the number of weapons and flying machines here, and they would immediately find out if they were missing.
王叶还不想让瘤背怪那么快发现有侵入者，就放弃了动这些装备的念头，而是继续在城堡中转悠，把能拍的景象都拍了下来。
Wang Ye didn't want the tumorback monster to find out about the intruder so quickly, so he gave up the idea of using these equipment, and continued to walk around the castle, taking pictures of all the scenes that could be taken.
“要是我能听懂这些瘤背怪在说什么就好了。”王叶望怪兴叹。
"If only I could understand what these tumor-backed monsters are saying." Wang Yewang sighed strangely.
雷木走到他身边，低声问道：“你对这些瘤背怪有没有什么特殊感觉？”
Remu walked up to him and asked in a low voice, "Do you have any special feelings for these lumpbacks?" ”
王叶一愣，随即轻笑：“你认为这些瘤背怪和寄生虫族也有关系？”
Wang Ye was stunned for a moment, and then chuckled: "Do you think these tumor-backed monsters are also related to the parasitic Zerg?" ”
雷木：“我就是不知道这点才问你。” Raimu: "I just didn't know that so I asked you. ”
不远处，疯药王和靳蜘蛛也竖起了耳朵，他们也有同样的疑问。
Not far away, the Mad Medicine King and Jin Spider also pricked up their ears, and they also had the same question.
王叶瞅瞅那两大佬，摇摇头：“我也不知道，我没有任何特殊感觉。”
Wang Ye looked at the two big guys and shook his head: "I don't know, I don't have any special feelings." ”
王叶又叫来小光，问它对这些瘤背怪怎么看。 Wang Ye called Xiaoguang again and asked him what he thought of these tumor-backed monsters.
小光咿咿叫，毫不掩饰地表达了嫌弃之情。 Hikari babbled and unabashedly expressed her disgust.
王叶对雷木说：“小光不喜欢这些瘤背怪，但它也不知道这些瘤背怪和寄生虫族有没有关系，至少我们都没有感觉到寄生虫的气息。”
Wang Ye said to Lei Mu: "Xiaoguang doesn't like these tumor-backed monsters, but it doesn't know if these tumor-backed monsters have anything to do with the parasite, at least we didn't feel the breath of the parasite." ”
雷木微微皱起眉头：“你今天用的方法，我相信以前肯定也有大佬使用过，甚至他们还能变形成瘤背怪，保证那些瘤背怪都看不出来，可他们依然被看破了。而你没有……”
Lei Mu frowned slightly: "The method you used today, I believe that there must have been big guys who have used it before, and even they can transform into tumorback monsters, to ensure that those tumorback monsters can't see it, but they are still seen through." And you don't have ......"
王叶再次摊手：“我是真不知道原因。也许这个秘密要到瘤背怪也就是塔塔拉族的真正大本营才能知道。”
Wang Ye spread his hands again: "I really don't know the reason." Perhaps this secret will not be known until the Trumbacks, the true home base of the Tatara people. ”
雷木心脏一跳，立刻道：“情况没搞清楚之前，我不建议我们就这么莽撞地闯进去。而且现在是停战期，一旦因为我们的某些莽撞行为导致停战期提前结束，除非我们有极大的功劳，否则也别想有什么好果子吃。”
Lei Mu's heart skipped a beat, and he immediately said, "Before the situation is clear, I don't recommend that we break in so recklessly." Moreover, it is now an armistice, and if it ends prematurely because of some of our reckless acts, we should not think of any good fruit unless we have great merit. ”
王叶呵呵笑：“木木，你当我是什么？孤胆英雄吗？我可是要养一大家子的人，哪有那闲工夫去冒险勘探敌营，我来这里转转就是顺便，顶多赚点贡献值。但深入敌营？进入怪物们的老巢？那还是算了，这种伟大又危险的任务还是交给更厉害的人来做吧，我才十岁，还是宝宝呢。”
Wang Ye smiled: "Mumu, what are you and me?" A lone hero? I'm a big family, how can I have the spare time to venture out into the enemy camp, I came here to go around by the way, at most to earn some contribution points. But deep into the enemy camp? Into the lair of monsters? Forget it, leave this great and dangerous task to someone more powerful, I'm only ten years old, and I'm still a baby. ”
雷木看着眼前自称宝宝却满脸无赖表情的男孩，忍不住敲敲他的脑袋。
Reimu looked at the boy in front of him who claimed to be a baby but had a rogue expression on his face, and couldn't help but knock on his head.
王叶嘿嘿笑，抓住雷木的手指。他知道雷木在担心他。 Wang Ye smiled and grabbed Lei Mu's fingers. He knew Remu was worried about him.
“我们不深入，就在这个军营城堡待个三五天，多多了解这些瘤背怪们。到时不管情况如何，我们都找路回去安全区，我有预感，师父们差不多也快醒来了。等他们醒来，我们就别想继续浪。他们肯定会督促我们学习，我总觉得那张课程表还会再度异变。”王叶一想到那张课程表就打了个冷颤。
"We won't go deeper, just stay in this barracks and castle for three or five days to learn more about these lumberbacks. No matter what the situation is, we will all find our way back to the safe zone, and I have a hunch that the masters are almost waking up. When they wake up, we don't want to continue the waves. They would definitely push us to study, and I always felt that the timetable would change again. Wang Ye shuddered at the thought of that timetable.
雷木笑。王叶其实已经算是很自觉并且很爱学习的了，但那张课程表真的太可怕。就是他的课程，也绝对和轻松无缘。
Raimu laughed. Wang Ye is actually very conscious and loves to learn, but that class schedule is really terrible. Even his course is absolutely not easy to get.
王叶又道：“不过师父们醒来后，实力必然会提高，也就表示我们的靠山更硬，到时就让他们把魔影石交上去，肯定能赚到很多贡献值。有这么多贡献值，我们就可以去这里的图书馆，短期内应该可以不用做任务赚贡献值了。”
Wang Ye said again: "However, after the masters wake up, their strength will inevitably increase, which means that our backers will be harder, and if they hand over the Shadow Stone at that time, they will definitely be able to earn a lot of contribution points." With so many contributions, we can go to the library here, and in the short term we should be able to earn contributions without doing tasks. ”
雷木：原来你是这个打算。 Remu: That's what you were planning to do.
王叶：对啊，安全区那个图书馆我口水很久了，要不是贡献值不够，我早就去了。
Wang Ye: Yes, I've been drooling at the library in the safe zone for a long time, and if it weren't for the lack of contribution value, I would have gone there a long time ago.
王叶还认真地道：“我们现在还是学生嘛，学生的主要职责就是好好学习天天向上。等我的实力和专业能力都达到九级，我再上战场揍怪。木木，我跟你说，打架还是碾压式的最爽了，看敌人们恨死我们却又打不过我们更拿我们无可奈何的样子，多爽啊。”
Wang Ye also said seriously: "We are still students now, and the main responsibility of students is to study hard and make progress every day." When my strength and professional ability reach level nine, I will go to the battlefield to fight monsters. Mu Mu, let me tell you, it's the coolest to fight or crush, how cool it is to see that the enemies hate us to death but can't beat us and look helpless about us. ”
雷木……给王叶彻底带偏了。他以前特别欣赏以弱胜强者，并为他们顽强搏斗的精神感动，现在也一样，但是王叶说得也不错，如果有可能，当然还是带着强大武力直接碾压敌人更好。
Thunderwood ...... completely deviated from Wang Ye. He used to especially appreciate the defeat of the strong by the weak, and was moved by their spirit of tenacious fighting, and it was the same now, but Wang Ye was also right, if it was possible, of course, it would be better to crush the enemy directly with strong force.
如此，两年的学习期，能利用当然还是利用起来的好。如果裂隙战场高层需要战士，也不会非要拉一帮天才过来上战场。不能说是暴殄天物，可会有拔苗助长之嫌。
In this way, during the two-year study period, it is of course better to be able to use it. If the upper echelons of the Rift Battlefield needed warriors, they wouldn't have to pull a bunch of geniuses over to the battlefield. It can't be said to be a violent thing, but it will be suspected of pulling out seedlings to help it grow.
两年后，大家基础都打好了，也对这个战场更熟悉，那时再申请上战场，让理论和实际结合，并在大佬保护下逐渐接触敌人，这才是最合理的安排。而双月星和裂隙战场高层显然也是这么计划的。
Two years later, everyone has laid a good foundation and is more familiar with this battlefield, and then apply to go to the battlefield, let theory and practice be combined, and gradually contact the enemy under the protection of the big guys, this is the most reasonable arrangement. And the Twin Moon Star and the Rift Battlefield higher-ups obviously planned it that way.
王叶是真的想把自己的专业能力全都学习到八级，等以后学到九级，他还想再去知识之城一趟。
Wang Ye really wanted to learn all his professional abilities to level eight, and when he learned level nine in the future, he also wanted to go to the City of Knowledge again.
闻笛师父被他捞出来了，木精灵的事解决了，学校被灭的问题也会有师父们扛起来，就连雷木的问题都解决了八成，而那个什么春木上国的国主也自有撒尔曼大帝盯着，姑姑的身体和精神状态也都好得不得了，王叶现在真正是无事一身轻，心灵上特别轻松，就想安心学习，好好巩固自己的实力。
Master Wendi was fished out by him, the matter of the wood elves was solved, and the problem of the school being destroyed would also be carried by the masters, and even the problem of Lei Mu was solved, and the lord of the country of Chunmu also had his own Emperor Salman staring at, and his aunt's physical and mental state was also very good, Wang Ye was really light now, and his soul was very relaxed, so he wanted to study with peace of mind and consolidate his strength.
他想享受自己没有享受过的童年，而一个孩童的童年不就是由学习和玩耍构成的吗？
He wants to enjoy a childhood that he has not enjoyed, and isn't a child's childhood made up of learning and playing?
雷木拍拍王叶的肩膀：“你说的不错，我们现在的主要任务就是学习，记住你的话。”
Lei Mu patted Wang Ye on the shoulder: "You are right, our main task now is to study and remember your words." ”
疯药王明明嘴巴上喊着让王叶给他收集瘤子，但真的到了这座军营城堡里，他反而绝口不提这件事了。
靳蜘蛛也让王叶行动小心，不要暴露。
接下来的几天，王叶真的就没有离开这座城堡，没事就在里面闲逛，他甚至还抽了点时间去学习那些瘤背怪的语言。
疯药王看不得他这么闲，催着他研究第四阶段的千木之毒的解药。
王叶第一阶段的解药是靠虫老炼制出来的，但后来的第二阶段和第三阶段解药都是他自己炼制的。
Wang Ye's first stage antidote was refined by the worm elder, but the later second and third stage antidotes were all refined by himself.
第四阶段的解药达到了六级，王叶之前炼药实力就达到了六级，但六级往上就不是那么容易了。他现在主要是夯实六级的基础，争取把所有六级药剂都炼制一遍。
The antidote of the fourth stage had reached level six, and Wang Ye's previous refining strength had reached level six, but it was not so easy to go up to level six. He was now mainly consolidating the foundation of the sixth level, and striving to refine all the sixth level elixirs.
这在别人看来几乎是不可能完成的任务。 This is an almost impossible task in the eyes of others.
因为任何一名药师，包括学校的药学教授，他们也不可能掌握全部的药剂配方，能掌握三四成的就算是博闻广识。
Because any pharmacist, including the pharmacy professor in the school, it is impossible for them to master all the pharmaceutical formulas, and if they can master three or four percent, they are considered to be well-informed.
但这世上有个人叫疯药王，他为了自己的草药辨认术，硬是收集了双月星目前为止的所有药方和药谱，临死前撰写出了一部涵盖全双月星药学知识达到九成以上的药典。
But there is a person in this world called the Mad Medicine King, for his own herbal identification skills, he insisted on collecting all the prescriptions and recipes of the Double Moon Star so far, and before he died, he wrote a pharmacopoeia covering more than ninety percent of the pharmaceutical knowledge of the whole Double Moon Star.
而闻笛和虫老又可以帮助王叶填补这两百多年的药学新发展知识，以及其他疯药王没有涉及到的片面知识。
And Wen Di and Worm Lao can help Wang Ye fill in the knowledge of the new development of pharmacy for more than two hundred years, as well as other one-sided knowledge that the Mad Medicine King did not cover.
最美好的是，他们还能给予王叶实际指导，及时纠正他的错误，还能给王叶提供练习用的大量材料。更不要说王叶现在的虫巢还有了一间拟态实验室，可以让他不用材料也能实际练手。
The best thing is that they can also give Wang Ye practical guidance, correct his mistakes in time, and provide Wang Ye with a lot of materials for practice. Not to mention that Wang Ye's current hive also has a mimicry laboratory, which allows him to actually practice without materials.
可以说，在这个世界，再也没有谁能比王叶有更好的学习药学的条件。
It can be said that in this world, there is no one who has better conditions for studying pharmacy than Wang Ye.
学习条件好的同时，也表示王叶要付出的辛苦也是别人的十数倍甚至几百倍。
While the learning conditions are good, it also means that Wang Ye's hard work is more than ten times or even hundreds of times that of others.
别人只需要炼会某个级别一两个药方，就可以说自己是某级药师。但王叶的师父们对弟子的条件可没这么低，想要说自己达到某个级别？那行，只要材料充足，那就先把这个级别的药剂八成以上都能炼制出来再说。
Others only need to refine one or two prescriptions of a certain level before they can say that they are a certain level pharmacist. But Wang Ye's masters don't have such low conditions for their disciples, and they want to say that they have reached a certain level? That's okay, as long as the materials are sufficient, then more than eighty percent of the potions of this level can be refined first.
可任何人都有专长和不专长，王叶自然也有，他在六级药剂的练手上，也碰到了一些比较头疼的配方，现在正跟这些配方较劲。
But everyone has expertise and non-expertise, Wang Ye naturally has it, he has also encountered some headache formulas in the practice of sixth-level elixirs, and now he is competing with these formulas.
疯药王催促王叶炼制的千木之毒第四阶段解药就是其中之一。
The fourth stage antidote to the poison of a thousand trees that the Mad Medicine King urged Wang Ye to refine was one of them.
王叶受不了疯药王的唠叨，看到两名瘤背怪抬着一个重伤的瘤背怪往医疗室走，立刻找借口道：“哇，终于看到它们往医疗室抬怪了，我们快跟上去看看，你们不也想看到这些瘤背怪的内部构造吗？”
Wang Ye couldn't stand the nagging of the mad medicine king, and saw the two tumor-backed monsters carrying a seriously injured tumor-backed monster to the medical room, and immediately made an excuse: "Wow, I finally saw them carrying monsters to the medical room, let's follow up and take a look, don't you also want to see the internal structure of these tumor-backed monsters?" ”
疯药王哼唧：“你就偷懒吧，我是管不住你。等你闻笛师父醒来，我让他督促你。”
The mad medicine king snorted: "You can be lazy, I can't control you." When you wake up, I will ask him to urge you. ”
王叶牙疼，疯药王现在也学聪明了。 Wang Ye has a toothache, and the mad medicine king is also smart now.
四位师父中，别看虫老对他最凶，其实那老头最宠他。 Among the four masters, don't look at the old man who is the most fierce to him, in fact, the old man loves him the most.
兰道师父以前还时不时地对他放讽刺，现在不知道是不是看在雷木的面子上，对他温柔多了，虽然不知道这段温柔期能持续多久，但只要他的卷轴实力不要落后其他专业太多，兰道师父想来应该不会太找他麻烦。
Master Lan Dao used to be sarcastic about him from time to time, but now I don't know if it's for Lei Mu's face, he is much more gentle with him, although I don't know how long this gentle period can last, but as long as his scroll strength doesn't lag too far behind other majors, Master Lan Dao shouldn't trouble him too much.
至于最新的那位校长师父，现在人都不在这里，自然不用鸟他。
As for the latest headmaster, no one is here now, so naturally there is no need to bird him.
最后就是闻笛师父了，这位……好吧，受上辈子影响，王叶拿闻笛师父最没办法了，加上闻笛师父性格也不属于温柔那一挂，这位在教徒弟时就是个变态，会不断压榨再压榨，还每每都刚好卡在他的承受点，又能真下狠手教训他，王叶承认自己比较怂他。
Finally, it's Master Wendi, this ...... Well, due to the influence of his previous life, Wang Ye has no choice but to take Master Wendi, and Master Wendi's personality does not belong to the gentle one, this is a pervert when he is a disciple, he will continue to squeeze and squeeze, and he is always stuck at his bearing point, and he can really teach him a ruthless lesson, Wang Ye admitted that he was more cowardly.
偏偏现在的闻笛师父总觉得他的基础是上辈子那个闻笛师父打下的，为了不输给自己？闻笛师父对他甚至比上辈子还严厉……
But the current Wendi master always feels that his foundation was laid by the Wendi master in his previous life, in order not to lose to himself? Master Wendi was even harsher with him than in his previous life......
王叶想哭，他这也算是变相的自作自受？ Wang Ye wants to cry, but this can be regarded as self-inflicted in disguise?
师父是自己跪着求来的，如今也只能生受着了。 The master begged for it on his knees, and now he can only bear it.
就在王叶和疯药王斗嘴时，他们跟着瘤背怪进入了医疗室。
Just as Wang Ye and the Mad Medicine King were arguing, they followed the tumorback monster into the medical room.
但出乎王叶等人意料的是，等在里面的瘤背怪医师只简单瞅了瞅那个重伤的瘤背怪，就宣布了什么。
But to the surprise of Wang Ye and the others, the tumor back monster doctor who was waiting inside only took a brief look at the seriously injured tumor back monster and announced something.
王叶猜测，应该是没治了的意思。 Wang Ye guessed that it should mean that there was no cure.
那两名送同伴过来的瘤背怪似乎有点伤心，但它们还是离开了，单独留下了那名重伤的同伴。
The two lumberbacks who had sent their companions over seemed a little sad, but they left anyway, leaving the badly injured companion alone.
重伤的瘤背怪睁开了眼睛，木愣愣地看着医师，它的眼中似乎有惊慌，也有一种奇怪的解脱。
王叶感到了一点点怪异。
医师伸手盖住了瘤背怪的眼睛。
王叶还以为那医师要给重伤的瘤背怪做临终治疗或者给予某种精神抚慰，谁想那医师突然扳动一处机关，那病床一翻，床上的瘤背怪就掉了下去。
王叶在那一刹那间，没有多思考，下意识就冲入那翻板机关中，跟着那瘤背怪一起落入病床下方黑漆漆的通道。
第277章 美丽的大脑
砰！
一阵烟尘飘起。
重伤的瘤背怪落在一个巨大的灰色蘑菇上。
而这条通道到了下方竟然不再漆黑，墙壁有光线，看不出来是魔法灯，还是自然光线，或者是某种能发光的苔藓。
总之，通道的能见度不低。
王叶和雷木几个好奇地全都在打量这条通道和那个巨大的灰色蘑菇。
刚才那飘起的烟尘显然是蘑菇孢子，因为这个大蘑菇周围还有很多大大小小的蘑菇，长了很多很多。
不一会儿，通道里有脚步声传来。
脚步声很轻。
王叶看到了两个个头低矮的蘑菇人。
这种蘑菇人和双月星的地底人族完全不一样，地底人族虽然皮肤苍白、身上皮肤也过于滑腻，视力也不太好，但总归还是人形。
可这两个蘑菇人真的就是蘑菇下面长了两只脚和两只手。
但一点都不可爱，还诡异万分，因为它们的手脚就像鸟爪。而代表躯干和头部的蘑菇伞盖部分也是皱巴巴的，就像长时间缺水的干蘑菇一样。
王叶看了半天，都没找到这两个蘑菇人的五官在哪里。
“这不像是自然生物。”疯药王嘀咕。
靳蜘蛛也这么认为：“先看看这些瘤背怪在搞什么鬼。”
两个蘑菇人抓住重伤瘤背怪的脚，拖着它往通道深处走，明明那瘤背怪还活着，可蘑菇人对待这个瘤背怪的态度就像对待死人一样。
虫巢漂浮起来，跟着两个蘑菇人往通道深处走。
随着蘑菇人不断深入，王叶看到了不止一个巨型灰色蘑菇。
这让王叶怀疑这个军营处理无用瘤背怪的地方不止一个医疗室。
王叶回忆上面的地形，和下面这条通道对照，再标出那些巨大灰色蘑菇的所在地点，发现除了医疗室，还有那个三瘤怪的房间、炊事营厨房、兵营宿舍区以及一个他去过但不知道那里是干什么的空旷区。
这些地点的下方都有一个巨大灰色蘑菇。
两名蘑菇人走了大约七八分钟，终于到达目的地，那是一个有着圆形顶和圆形墙壁的巨大地下室。
它们把那名重伤的瘤背怪抬起来放到一张石台上。
石台边沿有一大一小两个石槽。
石槽内还有着怎么洗都洗不干净的黑红色血迹。
王叶有种糟糕的预感，他和雷木互视一眼。
雷木显然想的和他一样，两人表情都不太好。
两名蘑菇人跳上石台，一人压住那瘤背怪的头部，掰开它的嘴巴，往它嘴巴里似乎滴入了什么液体。
另一名蘑菇人则用锋利的爪子一下就剖开了瘤背怪的腹部。
瘤背怪只微微挣扎一下，也许那滴入它口中的液体起到了作用，它的身体很快就安静下来。
剖开瘤背怪腹部的蘑菇人手脚极为麻利，动作就像是干过无数遍一样熟练，速度飞快地从瘤背怪腹腔掏出一块黑红色的卵状物，往旁边的小号石槽内一扔。
还没等王叶他们看清那卵状物到底是什么，那小号石槽突然合上，过了一会儿再打开，里面的卵状物已经没有了。
王叶他们再看那个瘤背怪，就发现它竟然在流眼泪。
不知为何，看着这个流泪的瘤背怪，王叶竟然觉得它比之前更有智慧也有感情得多。
可很快，它的脑袋就被剖开了。
王叶在一秒之间做下决定，他出手了，直接把那个重伤的瘤背怪抓入虫巢。
两名蘑菇人看到躺在石台上的瘤背怪突然失踪，竟然没有立刻就大叫大喊，它们就像是程序固定的傀儡一样，处理目标消失后，它们就不知道该如何做了。
过了大约有半分钟，它们才转身往外走去。
王叶猜想它们应该是去通知上面，或者去它们的休息点，这让他毫不犹豫地再次跟上了蘑菇人。
杀掉这两个蘑菇人？
暂时还没这个必要。
现在暴露，和等会儿暴露，都是暴露，还不如看看这两个蘑菇人要去哪里。
至于那名被救进来的瘤背怪已经被雷木和疯药王接手。
王叶分神操纵虫巢跟着蘑菇人，一边查看那名瘤背怪的情况。
疯药王判断：“还有救，不过很麻烦。”
王叶二话没说，就使用【生生不息】，把因果之力送入瘤背怪身体中。
八十五级玩家的救治能力不容小觑，而且王叶也没有熟练度的问题，他的等级和真实实力绝对匹配。
王叶不是不想给瘤背怪用药，而是不清楚这种生物能不能使用双月星人的药剂。
而且这瘤背怪的情况很危急，等分析完它的身体情况再确定给它用什么药，肯定来不及。
Moreover, the condition of this tumor-backed monster is very critical, and it will definitely be too late to determine what medicine to give it after analyzing its physical condition.
瘤背怪额头被剖开的伤口快速愈合，直到连一点缝隙都没有留下。
The cut open wound on the tumbor's forehead healed quickly until there was not even a single gap left.
它腹部的伤口也愈合了，包括它原本受到的重伤。 The wounds in its abdomen healed, including the severe injuries it had received.
它原本的重伤位于瘤子处。 Its original serious injuries were located on the tumor.
这些瘤子是瘤背怪的能量聚集地，是它们的弹药库，也是它们的要害，一旦被割破或击毁，如果没能及时处理就会很危险。
These nodules are the energy gathering place of the tumors, their ammunition depot, and their vital point, and if they are cut or destroyed, they can be dangerous if they are not dealt with in time.
这个瘤背怪的瘤子都被割除了，不知道是双月星人所为，还是它们自己干的。
The tumors of this tumorback monster have all been cut off, and I don't know if it was the Twin Moon Stars or if they did it themselves.
王叶并不同情这名瘤背怪，但瘤背怪的情况太古怪了，他一时好奇……好吧，他得承认，这个瘤背怪流眼泪的模样，让他想到了某个时期曾经绝望过的自己。
Wang Ye didn't sympathize with this tumor-backed monster, but the situation of the tumor-backed monster was too strange, and he was curious for a while...... Well, he had to admit that the appearance of the tumor back monster in tears reminded him of himself who had been desperate at some point.
疯药王和靳蜘蛛都在小心这个瘤背怪的自爆。
被救的瘤背怪没有任何挣扎，也许是那药液的作用。 The rescued tumorback monster didn't struggle at all, perhaps because of the effect of the potion.
此时，它直愣愣地看着王叶的手。 At this time, it looked at Wang Ye's hand in a daze.
王叶的手一直握着它的手腕。 Wang Ye's hand kept holding its wrist.
它能感觉到一股让它陶醉的能量涌入它的体内，抚平了它身体中所有痛苦，甚至它的灵魂都被抚慰了。
It could feel a rush of intoxicating energy rushing into its body, soothing all the pain in its body, and even soothing its soul.
它是有灵魂的，它这么坚信着。 It has a soul, and it believes so much.
虽然每一个瘤背怪直到死亡的那一刻才会真正体会到自己的灵魂存在，但这个关于灵魂的传说一直暗中在瘤背怪中流传。
Although every tumbleback doesn't really appreciate the existence of its soul until the moment of death, this legend about the soul has been secretly circulated among tumblebacks.
但这个传说不能说出口，敢说出口、敢提到灵魂的瘤背怪都消失了。
But this legend could not be spoken, and the tumorback monsters who dared to speak and mention their souls were gone.
它就是其中之一，因为它跟其他瘤背怪提到了这个传说，哪怕它只说出了几个简单的单词，可它还是被举报、被抓捕、被审问了。
It was one of them, because it had mentioned the legend to the other tumborers, and even though it had only uttered a few simple words, it had been reported, captured, and interrogated.
最高指挥官不断询问它从哪里听来那个传说，它回答不出，只说自己就是知道。
The Supreme Commander kept asking it where it had heard the legend, but it could not answer, only that it knew it.
为了逼出它的口供，它的瘤子都被强行摘除了，这是对瘤背怪最大的刑罚，也是最大的痛苦。
In order to force its confession, its tumors were forcibly removed, which was the greatest punishment and the greatest pain for the tumor back monster.
可能最终没有从它口中审问出想要的答案，最高指挥官放过了它。
It may not have been interrogated from it in the end to get the answer it wanted, and the Supreme Commander let it go.
但它已经没用了，虽然它的同伴把它送到了医疗室，但结果……它们都早已知道。
But it was useless, and although its companion sent it to the medical room, the result was ...... They all know it for a long time.
瘤背怪又慢慢看向王叶的脸。 The tumor-backed monster slowly looked at Wang Ye's face again.
这是一个人类幼崽，如果它以前看到，肯定会口水分泌，它的身体每一个元素都告诉它，幼崽很好吃。
This is a human cub that, if it has seen it before, will definitely salivate, and every element of its body tells it that the cub is delicious.
但现在它虽然依然有想吃的念头，可它能压得住，它甚至觉得这个人类幼崽很可爱。
But now, although it still wants to eat, it can suppress it, and it even thinks that this human cub is cute.
可爱，这也是对于瘤背怪来说非常陌生的一个词汇。 Cute, this is also a very foreign word to the lumberback.
这名瘤背怪非常奇怪它是什么时候学会的这个词语并记住了它，就像灵魂那个词一样，它似乎本能的就知道。
The tumorback monster wondered when it had learned the word and memorized it, just like the word soul, it seemed to know it instinctively.
可它从没有见过它们的幼崽…… But it had never seen their cubs......
奇怪，为什么它以前从来没有留意过这点呢？ Wondering, why had it never paid attention to this before?
王叶看到瘤背怪忽然抬起了它的右手。 Wang Ye saw that the tumor-backed monster suddenly raised its right hand.
雷木等人立刻紧张起来。 Lei Mu and the others immediately became nervous.
王叶轻轻摇头，让他们先不要攻击。 Wang Ye shook his head lightly and told them not to attack first.
他能感觉得出来，这个瘤背怪对他暂时没有恶意。 He could feel that the lumberback monster had no ill will towards him for the time being.
它似乎想要告诉他什么事。 It seemed to want to tell him something.
瘤背怪抬起的手指向了自己的脑袋。 The lumberback raised his hand and pointed to his head.
王叶猜测：“你脑子中有东西？” Wang Ye guessed: "You have something in your head?" ”
第一遍，瘤背怪没能听懂。 The first time, the tumbleback monster didn't understand.
疯药王翻了个白眼：“我说你犯蠢的时候是真蠢，你不是能和雷木、和小光他们都能进行精神力交流吗？难道你就不能和这只瘤背怪也用精神力交流？”
The Mad Medicine King rolled his eyes: "I said you were really stupid when you were stupid, aren't you able to communicate with Lei Mu and Xiaoguang with their spiritual power?" Can't you communicate with this lumbored monster with mental power? ”
王叶讪笑，这不是一时没想到吗？ Wang Ye sneered, didn't you think of it for a while?
王叶重新用精神力把自己的意思传达过去。 Wang Ye reused his spiritual power to convey his meaning to the past.
这次瘤背怪理解了，它缓缓点了下头。 This time the tumorback monster understood, and it nodded slowly.
“是能控制你自爆的东西吗？”王叶又问。 "Is it something that can control your self-detonation?" Wang Ye asked again.
这次瘤背怪反应的时间更长，但它还是点了下头。 This time the tumorback took longer to react, but it nodded anyway.
王叶：“我来看看要怎么取出来。” Wang Ye: "I'll see how to take it out." ”
看来之前蘑菇人剖开这个瘤背怪的脑袋，就是想取出那个可以控制瘤背怪自爆的东西。
It seems that the mushroom man dissected the head of this tumorback monster before, just to take out the thing that can control the tumor back monster from exploding.
王叶闭上眼睛，把精神力一点点输送进瘤背怪的大脑。 Wang Ye closed his eyes and channeled his spiritual power into the brain of the tumorback monster little by little.
他做的很小心，怕不小心惊动那东西，引起那东西自爆。
He was very careful about it, for fear of accidentally alarming the thing and causing it to blow itself up.
可也许那东西和瘤背怪的意念是联系在一起的，在瘤背怪自己没有想要自爆、以及控制它的上级没有察觉它就快脱离控制的时候，那东西还算安全。
But maybe it was connected to the mind of the lumberback, and it was safe when the lumberback didn't want to blow itself up, and when the superiors controlling it were about to get out of control without noticing.
瘤背怪的大脑构造和人类不太一样，它们的脑组织在王叶看来就像是无数的丝构成的网络，脆弱却又精致无比。
The brain structure of the tumorback monster is different from that of humans, and their brain tissue is like a network of countless filaments in Wang Ye's view, fragile but extremely delicate.
按理来说，这么精致又复杂的大脑构造，这种生物的智慧程度一定不会很低。
It stands to reason that with such a delicate and complex brain structure, the intelligence of this creature must not be very low.
可瘤背怪表现得却那么低智。 But the tumor-backed monster behaved so low-witted.
王叶看到了位于网络最中央的一颗小小的种子，他想也许瘤背怪低智的原因就在这里了。
Wang Ye saw a small seed in the center of the network, and he thought that maybe the reason for the low intelligence of the tumor back monster was here.
因为以这颗种子为中心，它周围的丝网都像是死去了一般，变成了灰暗色。
Because with this seed as the center, the silk mesh around it turned gray as if it had died.
而健康的丝网应该是亮白色，带着一点点光。 And a healthy silk mesh should be bright white, with a little bit of light.
可瘤背怪整个大脑的丝网只有部分还是亮白色，其他地方几乎都是灰白色。乍一看，这个构造复杂的丝网就像是坏掉的电网，斑斑驳驳，有的地方有亮光，但大多地方都是一片灰暗。
But only part of the silk mesh of the tumorback monster's entire brain is still bright white, and the rest of the brain is almost grayish-white. At first glance, the intricate wire mesh looks like a broken grid, mottled and mottled with light in places, but gray in most places.
王叶咋舌。如果他的推测是真，那么这种生物的大脑也真的非常厉害，因为它们的大脑这么多部分都失去了功能性，它们仍旧活着，还能战斗、说话和做略微的思考。
Wang Ye was speechless. If his speculation is true, then the creatures' brains are really powerful, because so many parts of their brains have lost their function, and they are still alive and can fight, talk, and think slightly.
如果瘤背怪的大脑丝网完全点亮，这会是一种怎样惊才绝艳的生物？至少它们一定很聪明。
If the mesh of the brains of the lumberback monster were completely lit up, what kind of amazing creature would it be? At least they must be smart.
王叶的精神力慢慢靠近那粒种子。 Wang Ye's spiritual power slowly approached the seed.
他感到了瘤背怪的紧张，它的紧张程度在不断提高。 He felt the nervousness of the tumborer, and its tension was increasing.
王叶却彻底冷静下来，他在靠近那粒种子之前，把虫巢信息覆盖了自己的精神力。
Wang Ye completely calmed down, and before he got close to the seed, he covered his spiritual power with the hive information.
简单说，现在更像是虫巢在接触那粒种子，而不是人类王叶。
To put it simply, it's more like the hive is touching that seed than the human king leaf.
王叶也不知道自己为什么这么做，也许是因为进入城堡前的那道检测，也许是一种本能。
Wang Ye didn't know why he did this, maybe it was because of the test before entering the castle, maybe it was an instinct.
当王叶的精神力终于碰触到那粒种子时，那粒种子没有任何反应。
When Wang Ye's spiritual power finally touched the seed, the seed had no reaction.
王叶几乎是立即把种子转入虫巢中并隔离起来。 Almost immediately, Wang Ye transferred the seeds into the hive and isolated them.
种子一被摘除，瘤背怪脑中丝网就像是失去了最后的生命力，原本还亮着的部分也开始变得灰暗。
As soon as the seeds were removed, the silk mesh in the tumor-backed monster's brain seemed to have lost its last vitality, and the parts that were still bright began to turn gray.
王叶赶紧输入因果力，并设法把种子空缺部位的丝网重新连接起来。
Wang Ye hurriedly entered the causal power and managed to reconnect the wire mesh in the vacant part of the seed.
但他并不知道丝网正确的构建方法，他只能先连起来再说。
But he didn't know the right way to build the wire mesh, so he had to connect it first.
但断开的丝网想要连起来却没那么容易。 But it's not so easy to connect the broken wire mesh.
瘤背怪忽然抓住王叶的手臂，它拼尽最后的生命力说出了一个词：“塔……塔……拉……”
The tumor-backed monster suddenly grabbed Wang Ye's arm, and it used its last vitality to say a word: "Tower...... Tower...... Pull ......"
一只手捏住瘤背怪的嘴巴，往它嘴里滴入了什么。 A hand pinched the rumorback's mouth and dripped something into its mouth.
就一滴。 Just a drop.
王叶没有停止输送治疗的因果之力。 Wang Ye did not stop the causal power of the healing.
他忽然很不想这个瘤背怪就这么死去。 He suddenly didn't want this lumberback monster to die like this.
有这么美丽大脑的生物不应该就这么消失。 Creatures with such beautiful brains shouldn't just disappear.
雷木收回手，他刚刚给瘤背怪滴了一滴生命之液，他也不知道有没有效果，但他感觉到小叶子强烈地想要救治这名瘤背怪的心，就死马当活马医了。
Lei Mu withdrew his hand, he had just dropped a drop of life liquid on the tumor-backed monster, and he didn't know if it had any effect, but he felt that Xiao Yezi strongly wanted to save the tumor-backed monster's heart, so he became a live horse doctor.
希望这个瘤背怪能值得这滴珍贵无比的生命之液。 Hopefully, this tumorback monster will be worthy of this precious drop of life liquid.
至少不要就这么死去。 At least don't just die.
瘤背怪慢慢地闭上眼睛。 The lumberback slowly closed its eyes.
王叶收回手，直直地看着瘤背怪丑陋的脸。 Wang Ye withdrew his hand and looked straight at the ugly face of the tumor-backed monster.
雷木按住王叶的肩膀，正要安慰他。 Lei Mu pressed Wang Ye's shoulder, just about to comfort him.
疯药王的精神力从瘤背怪身上一掠而过，当即呸了一声：“搞出这个样子，我还以为它死了呢。行了，它的状态已经稳定下来，现在除非它自己想死，否则短时间肯定死不了。”
The mad medicine king's spiritual power swept past the tumorback monster, and he immediately snorted: "I thought it was dead when I made it look like this." Okay, its state has stabilized, and now it will definitely not die in a short time unless it wants to die on its own. ”
雷木无语地敲敲王叶的脑袋。 Lei Mu knocked Wang Ye's head speechlessly.
王叶抬头，冲着雷木笑，还扮了个鬼脸。 Wang Ye raised his head, smiled at Lei Mu, and made a grimace.
“这个瘤背怪是不是有什么特殊？”靳蜘蛛问。 "Isn't there anything special about this tumorback?" Jin Spider asked.
王叶表情怪异：“何止特殊。我现在终于知道为什么瘤背怪高层非要被俘虏的瘤背怪自爆，甚至还会打扫战场，不肯把尸体留给我们。因为它们知道，一旦有活的瘤背怪落入我们手中，我们肯定会发现瘤背怪的怪异之处。”
Wang Ye's expression was strange: "It's not so special. I now finally know why the high-level Rumpback Monster had to be blown up by the captured Rumorback, and even cleaned up the battlefield and refused to leave the corpse for us. Because they know that once a living tumult falls into our hands, we will surely find something strange about it. ”
“什么怪异之处？” "What's weird?"
“他们不应该这么丑陋。”这次王叶没有再用它这个词。王叶还从瘤背怪想到了小光，其实以小光的智慧，也不应该再用它来代称。
"They shouldn't be so ugly." This time, Wang Ye did not use the word again. Wang Ye also thought of Xiaoguang from the tumor back monster, in fact, with Xiaoguang's wisdom, he should no longer use it as a substitute.
疯药王等人一起看向王叶，等待他说出更多。 The Mad Medicine King and the others looked at Wang Ye together, waiting for him to say more.
王叶却表示再等等，他还需要收集更多信息。 Wang Ye said that he still needed to gather more information.
“这个瘤背……不，这个塔塔拉族，就让他先睡着，他的身体和大脑在自愈，不要强行唤醒他。尤其是你。”王叶叮嘱。
"This tumor back...... No, this Tatara tribe, let him fall asleep first, his body and brain are healing themselves, don't forcibly wake him up. Especially you. Wang Ye advised.
疯药王看大家都看他，气恼道：“小兔崽子，怎么跟你祖宗我说话的？我是这么没数的人吗！”
The Mad Medicine King saw that everyone was looking at him, and said angrily: "Little rabbit cub, why did you talk to your ancestor and me?" Am I such a small person! ”
王叶：“呵！您老不是没数，你只是疯起来会要人命而已。”
Wang Ye: "Heh! It's not that you don't count, you're just crazy and going to kill people. ”
疯药王被气跑了。 The Mad Medicine King was angry and ran away.
见到这一幕，大家该干啥干啥，没一个在意，都习惯了。
Seeing this scene, everyone should do what to do, no one cares, they are all used to it.
王叶很想去研究那粒种子，不过现在还有件事排在前面，就是虫巢已经跟踪那两个蘑菇人进入了另一个圆形房间。
Wang Ye was eager to study the seed, but there was one more thing on the front line, that is, the hive had followed the two mushroom people into another circular room.
这个房间没有之前处理瘤背怪的地下室那么大，但里面的布置要更精致和明亮一些。
This room isn't as big as the basement where the tumbores were dealt with, but it's a little more elaborate and bright.
这个房间还有向上的阶梯。 This room also has an upward staircase.
而位于房间中央的是一个水池，水池中间有一个沉沉浮浮的发光丝网，那丝网层层包裹呈圆球状，四周还有很多光丝连接到水池深处。
In the center of the room is a pool, in the middle of which there is a floating luminous wire mesh, which is wrapped in a spherical shape, and there are many light filaments around it that are connected to the depths of the pool.
“这东西是……水母？”刚刚气跑的疯药王又飘了回来。
"This thing is...... Jellyfish? The mad medicine king who had just run away in anger floated back again.
王叶摇头：“不是水母，应该是一名塔塔拉族的大脑。”
Wang Ye shook his head: "It's not a jellyfish, it should be the brain of a Tatara tribe." ”
众人吃惊，“大脑？塔塔拉族？你是说那个瘤背怪？” Everyone was surprised, "Brain? Tatara? You mean that lumberback? ”
王叶点头：“对，这些瘤背怪原本的种族名称就叫塔塔拉族。”
Wang Ye nodded: "Yes, the original racial name of these tumor-backed monsters was the Tatara clan. ”
疯药王盯着水池中的网状光球，眯了眯眼睛：“我现在明白你说的那段话是什么意思了，如果让我们看到瘤背怪有这样的大脑，我们一定会产生怀疑……”
The Mad Medicine King stared at the mesh ball of light in the pool and narrowed his eyes: "I understand what you mean by that passage now, if we see that the tumorback monster has such a brain, we will definitely be suspicious......"
两名蘑菇人之一接近水池，把自己的爪子放入水池中，它们不会说话，似乎通过这种方式传达了某种信息。
One of the two mushroom people approaches the pool and puts its paws into it, they don't speak, as if to convey some kind of message in this way.
王叶只觉得这一幕简直科技感十足，那发光的丝网状圆球就是光脑，说不定这个光脑还有着网络的作用，比如现在蘑菇人传递出的某种信息很可能已经通过这个“光脑”，传到了更高层次的瘤背怪大本营那里。
Wang Ye only felt that this scene was full of science and technology, the glowing silk mesh-shaped ball was the light brain, maybe this light brain also had the role of a network, for example, some kind of information transmitted by the mushroom people now is likely to have passed through this "light brain" and passed to the base camp of the higher-level tumor back monster.
一名突然消失的瘤背怪一定会引起高层注意。 A sudden disappearance of a tumorback monster is sure to attract the attention of the higher-ups.
虽然他很想把这个光脑也一并带走，顺便再去找找那枚被蘑菇人掏出来的黑红色卵状物，但是他不确定瘤背怪高层什么时候会赶到，也不敢确保他一定能躲过瘤背怪高层的搜索。
Although he really wanted to take the light brain with him, and by the way, he went to find the black-red egg that had been pulled out by the mushroom man, but he was not sure when the high-level of the tumbleback monster would arrive, and he was not sure that he would be able to avoid the search of the high-level of the high-level of the lumberback.
现在最安全的做法，就是带着已有的收获迅速撤离。 The safest thing to do now is to leave quickly with what you have gained.
两名蘑菇人离开了水池，王叶接近水池，更近地观察水池中的光脑。
The two mushroom men left the pool, and Wang Ye approached the pool to observe the light brain in the pool closer.
他还是很想带上这个光脑，就是不知道捞出来会不会让这个光脑死亡？
He still really wants to take this light brain, but he doesn't know if fishing it out will make this light brain die?
那么要连这个水池一起挖走吗？ So do you want to dig up this pool along with it?
王叶让虫巢落到地面，精神力顺着水池底部往周围探看。
Wang Ye let the hive fall to the ground, and his spiritual power looked around along the bottom of the pool.
不好！这个水池底部和周围埋着很多古怪的东西，王叶的精神力刚碰触到这些东西。
Not good! There were a lot of strange things buried at the bottom of this pool and around it, and Wang Ye's spiritual power had just touched them.
一道刺耳的尖啸就在整个房间响起，而且这个尖啸声很快就传遍了整座城堡。
A piercing shriek rang through the room, and it soon spread throughout the castle.
咚！大门被打开，阶梯上飞快地跑下来一个瘤背怪。 Boom! The door opened, and a tumbored monster ran down the stairs.
是那个三瘤怪，这座城堡的最高指挥官。 It was the Triple Monster, the supreme commander of the castle.
这位指挥官来到这个房间，第一件事就是收起了那个水池。
The first thing the commander did when he came to this room was to put away the pool.
王叶都没看清那个指挥官的动作，那个水池就空了，只留下一个大洞。
Wang Ye didn't even see the commander's movements clearly, and the pool was empty, leaving only a big hole.
这下好了，他如果还想带走那个光脑，就得对上这个三瘤怪。
Now, if he still wants to take away that light brain, he has to deal with this three-tumor monster.
虽然王叶认为他现在的实力对付这个三瘤怪应该不难，但是……人家不止一个。
Although Wang Ye thought that his current strength should not be difficult to deal with this three-tumor monster, it was ...... There is more than one family.
一个接一个瘤背怪出现在了那个大洞中。 One by one, tumbored monsters appeared in the big hole.
疯药王说出了王叶想说的话：“那里竟然还有一个传送阵，这些瘤背怪做的准备可真全。这个水池和大脑一定很重要！”
The Mad Medicine King said what Wang Ye wanted to say: "There is actually a teleportation array there, and these tumor-backed monsters are really well prepared. This pool and brain must be important! ”
虽然可惜没能捞到那个光脑，但眼看双瘤怪都出现了，也许接下来独瘤怪都可能会传送过来，王叶不敢托大，就悄悄往出口转移。
Although it was a pity that he couldn't catch the light brain, but seeing that the double tumor monsters had appeared, maybe the single tumor monsters might be teleported over next, Wang Ye didn't dare to hold it up, so he quietly transferred to the exit.
第278章 偶遇好心人 Chapter 278: Encountering a Good Samaritan
那三瘤怪似乎做了什么，有双瘤怪和它说话。 The three-tumor monster seemed to have done something, and there were twin tumor monsters talking to it.
王叶再次可惜自己听不懂瘤背怪的语言，不过他就算听懂也不敢留下来偷听，真有独瘤怪过来了。
Wang Ye once again regretted that he couldn't understand the language of the tumor back monster, but even if he did, he didn't dare to stay and eavesdrop, there was really a single tumor monster coming.
但他对一个词语特别在意，因为那个独瘤怪一来就说了这个词。
But he was particular about one word, because the lone monster had said it as soon as he came.
那个词语的发音是：塔塔拉默林。 The pronunciation of that word is: Tatara Merlin.
然后其他瘤背怪在听到这个词汇时，神色都很凝重。 Then the other lumbored monsters looked solemn when they heard this word.
王叶把虫巢的气息完全遮掩，这时候就需要点赞盲石壳，这东西在屏蔽探索上真的是太有用了，他怀疑他能进入这座城堡不是因为和寄生虫族的关系，也不是因为其他，而就是盲石壳起到的作用。
Wang Ye completely covered the breath of the insect hive, at this time he needed to praise the blind stone shell, this thing was really too useful in shielding exploration, he doubted that he could enter this castle not because of the relationship with the parasitic insect clan, nor because of anything else, but because of the role played by the blind stone shell.
当然，这只是猜测，到底是不是只能等以后试探。 Of course, this is just speculation, and whether it will be possible to wait for a later trial.
虫巢中的存在也都下意识屏住了呼吸，哪怕他们的呼吸，外面其实根本察觉不到。
The beings in the hive also subconsciously held their breath, even if their breath was actually imperceptible from the outside.
终于，王叶顺利从阶梯上方那扇门里摸了出去，出去后就操纵虫巢狂奔，先奔去装备库，把里面的装备随便弄了几十套装起来。
Finally, Wang Ye smoothly touched out of the door above the stairs, and after going out, he manipulated the insect nest to run wildly, ran to the equipment warehouse first, and casually got dozens of sets of equipment inside.
都暴露了，自然就不用客气啦。 It's all exposed, so naturally you don't have to be polite.
再奔去炊事点，把里面的库存食物也搬上几箱子。 Then I went to the cooking point and carried a few boxes of food in stock.
最后实在没啥可搬了——这个瘤背怪军营是真的穷，连块魔晶都没有。如果按照原计划，暴露后，王叶还想临时炸一波，如果能毁掉这座城堡和里面的瘤背怪最好。
In the end, there was really nothing to move - this tumorback monster barracks was really poor, and there was not even a magic crystal. If according to the original plan, after being exposed, Wang Ye still wants to blow up a wave temporarily, and it is best if he can destroy this castle and the tumor back monster inside.
可是在救治了那名重伤的瘤背怪后，王叶就有点下不了手。
But after treating the seriously injured tumor-backed monster, Wang Ye was a little unable to do anything.
这些瘤背怪说不定都是被操纵的傀儡，自以为自己是自由的，实际上从思想到身体都被控制了。
These lumberbacks may be manipulated puppets who think they are free, but in fact they are controlled from their minds to their bodies.
算了，不炸了，走人！ Forget it, don't blow it up, leave!
最后，王叶看到城堡中的瘤背怪都在整队，它们全都被集中了起来。
In the end, Wang Ye saw that the lumberback monsters in the castle were all in a team, and they were all concentrated.
王叶以为这是要集中兵力搜索整座城堡，一时也没多想，蒙头就冲出了城堡。
Wang Ye thought that this was to concentrate his forces to search the entire castle, so he didn't think much about it for a while, and rushed out of the castle with his head covered.
而就在王叶冲出城堡的一刹那，整座城堡都被一个光幕笼罩。
And at the moment when Wang Ye rushed out of the castle, the entire castle was shrouded in a light curtain.
不过王叶没有回头看，以至于没能看见这一幕。 However, Wang Ye didn't look back, so he didn't see this scene.
他同样也没能看到那些集结的瘤背怪并没有搜索整个城堡，而是列队到了空旷地点，被一一查看。
He also failed to see that the assembled lumberbacks did not search the entire castle, but instead lined up in an open area to be inspected one by one.
这之后，还有高层瘤背怪拿着某种仪器出来对着周边扫射。
After that, there are high-level tumorback monsters who come out with some kind of instrument and shoot at the perimeter.
但王叶跑得贼快，那些瘤背怪什么都没能发现。 But Wang Ye ran fast, and those tumor-backed monsters couldn't find anything.
王叶在前线战场转悠了一段时间，终于看到了己方阵营旗帜。
Wang Ye wandered around the frontline battlefield for a while, and finally saw the banner of his own camp.
那是代表双月星的双月旗，旗帜分为三条均匀的长方条。最下面的一道是黑色，表示大地。中间是白底红星，那九十九颗星星表示了双月星无数种族。最上面是蓝色表示天空和海洋，蓝色中还有两弯红月。
It was the Twin Moon Flag, which represented the Twin Moon Star, and the flag was divided into three uniform rectangular strips. The bottom one is black, which represents the earth. In the middle is a red star on a white background, and the ninety-nine stars represent the countless races of the double moon star. The top blue represents the sky and the sea, and there are two red moons in the blue.
这次王叶没有操纵虫巢直接进去，而是在附近找了一个比较隐蔽的场所从虫巢里出来，换上陨星魔法学校的校服，和雷木两个，一起踩着魔板飞向营地。
营地入口有专门负责检查的战士和魔器，另外还有一个巨型魔法阵笼罩了整个营地，确保任何非己方人员进出营地都会响起警报并被拒入。
守卫战士们看到王叶都不禁愣了愣，前线还真是第一次看到这么小的人类幼崽。
雷木对守卫战士行了战士礼。 Remu gave a warrior salute to the guards.
守卫战士回礼。 The Guardian returns the salute.
“做任务刚回来？”守卫战士见两人的手镯通过检测，无处不在的辨认魔法阵对两人也没有拒绝反应，自然不会拦阻两人进入营地。
"Just came back from a mission?" When the guards saw that the bracelets of the two had passed the test, the ubiquitous identification magic array did not refuse to react to the two, so naturally they would not stop the two from entering the camp.
“是的，我们还迷路了，好不容易才找到这边。有地图吗？我们想要回去安全区。”雷木和守卫战士交涉。
"Yes, we're still lost, and we managed to find this side with great difficulty. Is there a map? We want to go back to the safe zone. Thunderwood negotiated with the guards.
守卫战士了然地笑笑，伸手指向后方：“往里面走，找到任务大厅，一路都有指标，很容易找到。任务大厅那里会有你想要的帮助。”
“谢谢。”
王叶对这个营地很好奇，转头看个不停。
这座营地并没有建造成城堡状，但有城墙，内部很像是一个军营小镇，房子全都整整齐齐，街道也是笔直明确。
城门口就有指路牌，指路牌下方还有一个简易地图，上面标明了几个重要场所所在。
王叶和雷木按照指路牌所示，一路找到了位于军营小镇东面的任务大厅。
这座任务大厅自然没有安全区那边的规模大，从外面看更像是一个酒馆。
等进去后，里面还真是个酒馆。
这里大概是士兵和任务者用来放松的地方，酒馆分三层，地面两层和地下一层。
这时不是休息时间，酒馆里并没有多少闲人，任务大厅就在酒馆二楼。
王叶和雷木登上二楼，找到问询处，花了一个贡献点买了一张地图。
地图直接输入他们的身份手镯中，需要点击才能打开观看。据说这是为了防止地图落入敌人手中，如果通过身份手镯，敌人破译的可能性就比较小。
“陨星的学生？”一名矮胖的中年人停住脚步，跟两人搭话。
两人一起转头，雷木回答：“是，请问您是？”
矮胖中年人笑起来：“我算是你们前辈的前辈，陨星曾经的毕业生。”
矮胖中年人重点打量王叶，惊奇道：“你们是今年新送来的天才学生吧？没想到我们陨星竟然还有这么小的，你教授怎么放心把你放到这里来？”
王叶眼珠贼溜溜一转，伸手握住雷木的手。他查看了因果卷，这个矮胖中年人对他们并没有恶意，而且他确实出身陨星学校，他连对方的名字和特长都知道了。
但很不巧，他从因果卷上还了解到一点，这位魔法阵大师和他师父之一虫老的关系很不好，两人见面必打。
因果卷能特别标出这一点，说明矮胖中年人对虫老的意见绝不是一般两般的大。因果卷上可是说了，这位大师因为想要避开虫老，才会远走裂隙战场，瞧瞧！
王叶决定接下来绝不炫耀自己的师父后台。
雷木淡笑道：“他是我弟弟，他跟着我，我可以照顾他。”
矮胖中年人了然，有点不赞成地道：“如果在安全区也就算了，你怎么把他带到前线来了？这里很危险。虽然现在是停战时期，但还是会有小规模战斗发生。那些癞瘤怪最喜欢你们这种幼崽了，喜欢吃！”
王叶眨眨眼睛，心想自己是不是应该配合地做出害怕的模样。
雷木随口做了解释：“我们领了一个任务，但中途遇到一点麻烦，被随机传送到了附近，现在我们正要回去安全区。”
“你们不会打算自己走回去吧？”矮胖中年人看雷木和王叶一脸就是的表情，摇摇头：“两个傻孩子，一点经验都没有，就敢乱接任务，跟我来。”
矮胖中年人带着两人从二楼下来，进入一楼的酒馆，还跟里面少数几个人以及酒保打招呼，不住说：“诸位，这是我们陨星新来的历练者，年龄还小，诸位以后看到了，还请多多照顾哈，今晚我请大家喝酒。”
不多的酒客很给面子地笑着答应。
酒保还特地多看了王叶和雷木两眼，就像是记住了他们的模样，还调侃矮胖中年人：“你们陨星是不是没人了？怎么把这么小的小鬼也送来了？”
矮胖中年人不高兴地道：“什么叫我们陨星没人？你们是不是忘了今年可是整五十年！他这么小就能被选拔到这里，应该说他的优秀远超比他大的少年男女。”
The short and fat middle-aged man said unhappily: "What do you mean that we have no one in the meteorite?" Have you forgotten that this year is 50 years! He was selected here at such a young age, and it should be said that his excellence far surpassed that of the boys and women who were older than him. ”
这句话一出，原本不在意的酒客也都看向王叶和雷木。
矮胖中年人没再多耽搁，带着两人走出酒馆。
酒馆里一名客人这会儿才想起来什么，一拍桌子：“我想起来了，前几天我刚听到一个消息，说是这次来了一个不得了的小鬼，一来就闹出了不小的风波，听说那孩子年龄特别小。”
眼看大家的注意力都被他吸引了，这名客人才神秘兮兮地道：“你们知道炼金大师迪普吧？他的魔法塔都被人轰飞了一个角，据说还有一个助手也被干掉了。动手的就是陨星几个教授。你们知道那几个陨星教授为什么跟迪普大师干起来吗？就是因为那孩子，他们共同的弟子在迪普那里失踪了。”
“哎？还有这么件事？赶紧说说，到底咋回事？”
“陨星的？难不成与刚才两个小鬼有关？”
“不知道是不是他们，但我听说失踪的那个小鬼只有十岁左右，还是个千年难得一见的超级天才，据说小小年纪就擅长多门专业技能，无论是炼金、炼药还是卷轴，甚至培植，都很厉害！”
“哇哦！不会是吹牛吧？十岁？会这么多？” "Wow! It can't be bragging, right? Ten years old? Will there be so many? ”
“你们知道那小鬼的师父们都是谁吗？如果你们知道，就不会说传言是吹牛了。”
"Do you know who that little ghost's master is? If you knew, you wouldn't have said that the rumors were bragging. ”
“是谁？”众酒客连同酒保的好奇心彻底被揪了起来。 "Who is it?" The curiosity of the drinkers and the bartender was completely aroused.
但最开始爆出消息的酒客却开始拿乔，直到有酒客买酒请他，他才肯继续。
But the drinker who broke the news at first began to take Joe, and he was not willing to continue until a drinker bought wine and invited him.
那酒客灌下半杯麦酒，一抹嘴巴，神神秘秘地说：“我跟你们说，你们可不要太惊讶，来找那孩子的陨星教授共有三人，分别是……”
The drinker poured half a glass of ale, wiped his mouth, and said mysteriously, "I tell you, don't be too surprised, there are three Professor Meteorite who came to find that child, and they are ......."
另一头，矮胖中年人领着两人顺着街道走了两三分钟就停下来。
On the other end, a short and fat middle-aged man led the two of them down the street for two or three minutes before stopping.
王叶和雷木看到了熟悉的车站牌。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu saw the familiar stop sign.
矮胖中年人指着站牌，笑道：“你们在安全区都见过对吧？这边也有和安全区直达的列车，虽然票价高一点，但安全。以后如果你们再出门，就设法找站台，各营地都有，包括前线战场有些营地也会有临时站牌。”
The short and fat middle-aged man pointed to the stop sign and said with a smile: "You've all seen it in the safe zone, right?" There are also direct trains from the security area here, although the ticket price is a little higher, but it is safe. In the future, if you go out again, try to find a platform, which is available in all camps, including some camps on the frontline battlefield. ”
雷木这才确定矮胖中年人是真的在帮助他们，当即诚恳道：“谢谢。”
Lei Mu was sure that the short and fat middle-aged man was really helping them, and immediately said sincerely: "Thank you." ”
矮胖中年人摆摆手，还告诉他们如何买票、如何确定列车车次，那细心和耐心的模样是真把他们当后辈在照顾。
The short and fat middle-aged man waved his hand and told them how to buy tickets and how to determine the train number, and the careful and patient appearance really took care of them as juniors.
王叶对矮胖中年人印象挺好，也就很奇怪这位和虫老头是怎么闹到王不见王的地步。
Wang Ye has a very good impression of the short and fat middle-aged man, so it is very strange how this old man with insects made trouble to the point that the king did not see the king.
去往安全区的魔法列车只每天早上有一班。 The magic train to the safe zone only runs once a day.
现在还是中午不到，矮胖中年人又跟他们推荐了两个住处，一个是到他那儿住一晚，一个是住进旅馆。
It was still noon, and the short and fat middle-aged man recommended two more places to stay with them, one was to stay with him for one night, and the other was to stay in a hotel.
而旅馆就在任务大厅酒馆旁边，实际上和酒馆就是一家，旅馆的人吃饭都要去酒馆。
And the hotel is next to the tavern in the mission hall, which is actually the same as the tavern, and the people in the hotel have to go to the tavern to eat.
“旅馆比较乱，你们要么还是和我住吧，我不收你们贡献点，还管你们吃饭，走吧。”矮胖中年人真的是很热心了。
王叶如果不是有因果卷可以确定这位魔法阵大师是真没坏心，他肯定以为这人对他们不怀好意。
比如雷木现在就对这名矮胖中年人很警惕，毕竟无事献殷勤非奸即盗嘛。
矮胖中年人似乎半点没有想到他的热情反而会让人警惕，这大概也是技术工作者的性格缺陷之一？
“请问您怎么称呼？”雷木不动声色地问，同时先把自己和王叶的名字说了。
“哦，我没说吗？”矮胖中年人笑起来，很自然地道：“我的名字比较长，大家都叫我胖巴里，我是一名魔法阵师，在这边就负责魔法阵的维护和布置。你们有人学习魔法阵吗？魔法阵可是这世间最有意思、最神秘也最有用的知识，再也没有其他知识能比魔法阵更迷人。”
胖巴里显然对魔法阵十分痴迷，一说起魔法阵就滔滔不绝。
雷木暗中跟王叶精神传音：“这人有点不对劲，我们还是甩开他比较好。”
王叶给这位胖巴里说了句好话：“我的直觉告诉我，他只有善意，没有恶意。他只是传染了陨星大佬们共同的毛病，看到自家孩子就忍不住操心一二。”
“哦？”
“不过我们还是住旅馆吧。毕竟我们和他不熟，去打扰他也不好。”
“嗯。”雷木虽然相信王叶的直觉，但仍旧不想和这名胖巴里多接触，他婉转拒绝了胖巴里的邀请，表示和弟弟一起住旅馆就可以。
胖巴里闻言也没感到失望什么的，又带着两人走回头路。
等亲眼看到两人在旅馆安顿下来，又跟旅馆老板打了招呼要照顾两人，还留下自己的联络方式，跟两人说有什么事就去找他，这才放心离开。
两人关上房门就进了虫巢。
雷木的人生中极少接触到胖巴里这样热心又自来熟的老好人，这让他很不习惯。
王叶则道：“如果那人真的对我们有什么想法，我们也不用惧怕他。他的实力和虫老也就伯仲之间，我现在可不是六级，我已经突破到八级，我们打不过他，还能躲进虫巢。”
雷木抓住王叶，拉到身边质问他：“我还没问你，你怎么就突然突破到八级了？这么快的升级速度，真的没问题？”
王叶看天看地，见躲不过去，只能举起三根手指笑嘻嘻道：“我发誓真没问题。我只是……这些都学过，所以能量累积起来比其他人都容易。”
游戏系统的事，王叶还没有告诉雷木。他不是不想说，只是有些事解释起来比较麻烦，而且冥冥中似乎有股力量，阻止他把游戏的事告诉双月星人。
这股阻止力量不明显，但确实有。
也许以后他能说，但现在还不到时机。
雷木知道王叶还有不少秘密，而且他虽然不知道游戏系统，却从王叶的言语中拼凑出了不少东西。
比如蓝星群岛人就是地球人，而地球人进入双月星的方式和王叶不一样，他们似乎是精神体进入，却在进入双月星后自动拥有了一具实体。
这样的能力，让雷木骇然，也让雷木不敢多问。
而且他很确定，王叶也不知道那股庞大的神秘力量来自谁。
华夏有句话叫难得糊涂，雷木现在对这句话理解至深。
雷木不再追问王叶为何能升级这么快的原因，而是改为另一个问题：“那些蓝星群岛人会不会跟你一样？升级都会很快？”
王叶迟疑片刻，点头，但他也表明：“蓝星群岛人虽然升级快，但他们的基础没有双月星这边的超凡者打得牢靠，我指的是绝大多数人。不过也有少量真正的天才和幸运者会在日后掌握不亚于双月星顶层的力量，只是……”
“只是什么？”
“只是蓝星群岛人似乎无法突破九级，他们最高只能升到九级顶阶。如果说双月星人的实力天花板是十级，无法突破十一级。那么蓝星群岛人就是九级，突破十级是他们也是我的难题。”王叶正色道。
雷木也不知道怎么理解的，他似乎想明白了什么：“怪不得你升级这么快，也许你们蓝星群岛人的身体体质就是适合快速累积能量进而升级，但你们的上限封锁也比我们更严重一些。”
王叶见雷木把地球人升级快的原因归类为体质不同，也就默认了。
“我和疯药王去琢磨那颗种子，他等待半天了。你帮我看着师父们一点，还有那个塔塔拉族。”
“嗯，去吧，小心。”
原本，王叶以为这就是一个非常普通的过度日，他们只要等到明天早上的列车，就可以回到安全区，然后耐心等待师父们醒来，再把瘤背怪的事情告诉他们，再由他们的口转达给双月星和裂隙战场的上层，就没他们的事了。
胖巴里也以为今天就是个平常的日子，只不过今天他遇到了两个陨星的学生，他还帮助了这两个孩子，虽然这只是一件微不足道的小事，但还是让他在进入酒馆时心情特别好。
他已经很久没有看到陨星的学生。
他这边的营地就是最前线，就算有学生过来做任务，也都有他们的前辈带着，极少会有学生落单。
而胖巴里虽然以出身陨星为傲，但他离开陨星时发生了一些不愉快，这让他很不愿意看到陨星的教授和工作人员，自然也不会主动去接触他们。
偏偏胖巴里又很喜欢孩子，他就是那种对孩子会变得很婆婆妈妈的性子，当年他就是因为这点才会……
胖巴里晃晃脑袋，把当年的不愉快晃出脑袋，事情已经发生很久，谁是谁非其实已经很难说得清楚。
“嗨，胖巴里，你来了。你今天带的两个孩子是不是一对兄弟，分别叫雷木和雷叶？”酒馆的客人看到他，就扬手高声询问他。
胖巴里一愣：“你们怎么知道他们的名字？”
一名酒客提着酒杯坐到他面前，带着一点醉意道：“真的是他们？那可不得了，我听说那个叫雷叶的小家伙特别不同凡响，他还有好几个特别牛掰的师父。而且他那几个师父担心他，竟然一路追到裂隙战场这边来了，且一来就和迪普大师打起来了。”
“哦？”胖巴里扬手，让酒保送来两杯酒，推了一杯到那名酒客面前：“你说的事我不太清楚，能详细说说吗？”
“你带着的人，你会不清楚他们的底细？”酒客嗤笑，灌了一口酒道：“胖巴里，你就别隐瞒了，他们是不是在做那个任务？”
胖巴里脸色一变：“什么那个任务，你不要瞎猜！”
酒客大声嘲笑：“行了，大家都知道了，那个任务的条件，那孩子可都基本能满足，现在也就只有那孩子能做那个任务，偏偏他还来找你了。你这时还装什么？”
“就是啊，胖巴里，你这时还瞒什么？那个任务挂那里那么多年了，如果真有人能完成，那也是一件好事。”
“不过……你们陨星吃肉，是不是也能让我们喝点汤？大家都认识这么多年了，胖巴里你可不能吃独食，大家说是不是？”
眼看酒馆里的客人都在起哄，都在谈那个任务，胖巴里坐不住了。
这是不是有什么误会？
为什么会突然把那对兄弟联系到那个任务上？这根本八竿子打不着边好吗？
而且他还是第一次见到那对兄弟，根本就不知道那对兄弟的底细。
到底是怎么回事？
胖巴里一把抓住坐在他对面的酒客，压低声音道：“这顿饭我请了，你给我说清楚，那孩子……还有陨星来的是谁，是谁和迪普大师打了起来？”
第279章 因果之力的牵引
王叶和疯药王在隔离间里盯着那粒种子，颇有点无从下手之感。
“这玩意不会自爆吧？”疯药王怪笑：“反正我已经是亡灵了，再炸一遍也死不了，不过你就不一定了。”
王叶懒得理睬疯药王，他正在想有什么办法可以安全地仔细探查这粒种子。
“不过如果这玩意能自爆的话，那个瘤背怪的上级肯定已经操纵过这东西了吧？”疯药王忽又道。
王叶脑中闪过那个三瘤怪曾经做过一个动作，像是抓紧了什么，又猛地松开。
他怀疑那就是三瘤怪在操纵这粒种子自爆，不过现在这粒种子仍旧完好无损，这说明他的虫巢隔离间效果还是不错的，至少隔绝了三瘤怪的命令。
“三重命令。”王叶呢喃。
“嗯？”疯药王低头看小孩。
王叶转头就去把靳蜘蛛给请进来了。
靳蜘蛛听完王叶述说，“所以你怀疑这粒种子不是生命体，而是炼金物品？”
王叶点头：“我没在这颗种子上感觉到任何生机，只有能量。从我之前取出这粒种子的过程来看，我推测这粒种子的功能有三。”
“第一，用来抑制甚至是杀死那些塔塔拉族的脑神经。”
“第二，给塔塔拉族灌输一定命令。” "Second, instill certain orders in the Tataras."
“第三，保险栓。也就是一旦塔塔拉族的脑神经开始自愈，或者有背叛的想法，或者被人活捉等等，这颗种子就会炸开。幕后者不想让任何人看到塔塔族的大脑是怎样的。”
"Thirdly, the safety bolt. That is, once the nerves of the Tatara begin to heal themselves, or there are thoughts of betrayal, or they are captured alive, etc., the seed will explode. The people behind it don't want anyone to see what the Tata brains are like. ”
靳蜘蛛听懂了，“那么你让我来，是想让我破坏这粒种子的自爆功能？”
Spider Jin understood, "Then you asked me to come because you wanted me to destroy the self-detonation function of this seed?" ”
王叶用力点头：“这粒种子如果真是炼金物，它的炼金等级一定很高，我没办法安全破解。”
Wang Ye nodded vigorously: "If this seed is really an alchemy, its alchemy level must be very high, and I can't crack it safely." ”
靳蜘蛛心里有点畅快，能被这小兔崽子承认实力，作为长辈还是很爽的。
Jin Spider felt a little happy in his heart, and it was still very cool to be recognized by this little rabbit cub as an elder.
“我来看看。你确定这东西和寄生虫族没有关系？”靳蜘蛛问这个话是怕这粒种子一旦感知到他不是寄生虫族，就会触动防守机制，直接自爆。
"I'll take a look. Are you sure this thing has nothing to do with parasites? Jin Spider asked this because he was afraid that once this seed sensed that he was not a parasitic Zerg, it would touch the defense mechanism and explode directly.
王叶吐气：“不，我不觉得这粒种子和寄生虫族有关，倒是之前那两个蘑菇人从那名塔塔拉族腹腔取出的黑红色卵状物更像是寄生虫卵一类。”
Wang Ye exhaled: "No, I don't think this seed has anything to do with the parasite clan, but the black-red eggs that the two mushroom people took out from the abdominal cavity of the Tatara clan before are more like parasite eggs." ”
“你感觉到寄生虫气息了？”疯药王立刻问。 "Do you feel the smell of parasites?" The Mad Medicine King immediately asked.
王叶摇头，这也是他感到最奇怪的地方，他和小光都没有半点感知到寄生虫族的气息，但他又有八成把握敢断定那卵状物和寄生虫族有关。
Wang Ye shook his head, this was also the strangest thing he felt, neither he nor Xiaoguang felt the breath of the parasitic Zerg at all, but he was eighty percent sure that the egg was related to the parasitic Zerg.
如果他的直觉是对的，这就证明寄生虫族也许有了新的发展，甚至生命模式都改变了，因为它们身上的虫味都没了。
If his instincts were right, it would prove that the parasites might have had a new development, or even a change in their life patterns, because the smell of insects on their bodies was gone.
“我可以把我的精神力覆盖你的精神力，以防万一。”王叶对靳蜘蛛道。
"I can overlay your mental power with my mental power, just in case." Wang Ye said to Jin Spider.
让别人的精神力覆盖自己的，可不是什么愉快的事情，这得要有相当的信任，否则对双方都没什么好处。
It is not a pleasant thing to let other people's mental power cover oneself, which must have a considerable amount of trust, otherwise it will not be good for both parties.
但靳蜘蛛只略略迟疑就同意了。 But Jin Spider only hesitated slightly before agreeing.
王叶就把自己的精神力叠加到靳蜘蛛的精神力上。
靳蜘蛛心中一动，跟王叶道：“跟着我的精神力走，不要主动做任何事。”
王叶：“好。” Wang Ye: "Okay." ”
疯药王看这一老一小两个傻大胆，心中轻哼。 The Mad Medicine King looked at the old and the young and the two stupid and bold, and snorted lightly in his heart.
他知道靳蜘蛛为什么会同意并说出这样的话，他是想通过这种方式来指导王叶。
He knew why Jin Spider would agree and say such a thing, he wanted to guide Wang Ye in this way.
一名圣级炼金师的精神力引导，这对任何一名学习炼金术的人来说都是一次莫大的福缘。这就宛如有人握着你的手，教你怎么写字，因为是精神力印刻，印象还会特别深刻，不是刻意遗忘，永远都不可能忘掉。
王叶当然知道靳蜘蛛的好意，他也默领了这份好意。
两重精神力碰触到那粒种子，也不知道是王叶的精神力起了作用，还是靳蜘蛛足够小心。
这粒种子并没有被激发防守机制，仍旧安静地躺在那里。
靳蜘蛛的精神力就算没有完全苏醒，那也是圣级炼金师的精神力，再加上王叶这个bug，两股精神力的浑厚程度，大概只有半神可以比拟。
这粒种子在这样的精神力入侵下，很快内部一切就摊开在靳蜘蛛和王叶的脑海中。
种子很小，可能还没有米粒大。
可它内部工艺的精湛程度，就是靳蜘蛛也表示了赞赏。
靳蜘蛛还用精神力告诉王叶：“这是另一种与双月星完全不同的炼金术，运转它的能量不是魔力，而是另一种能量。这是一种全新的能量，如果引入双月星，一定会引起超凡者界轰动。”
王叶没有吱声，他发现这粒种子的构造不但和魔器不同，和地球的芯片也不同，这真的是一种崭新的科技，就是用的材料都不一样。
靳蜘蛛并没有立刻动手拆解这粒种子，而是一遍又一遍在琢磨这粒种子的内部构造。
“它的构成和魔器很不同，里面有一些丝状网络，你看到了吗？”
王叶这才回应：“看到了。这东西应该和塔塔拉族有关，应该是他们的科技。”
“科技？”
“一种不同工艺的炼金术。”
靳蜘蛛没有追问，他正着迷于这种完全不同于双月星的炼金术。
在研究多遍后，靳蜘蛛道：“我需要知道这种不同工艺的炼金术的基础知识，我相信任何知识都是相通的，只要弄明白某些关键原理。如果能多给我几粒这种种子，我可以更快地分析出这东西到底是怎么构成，以及如何破解，包括它们的详细功能。”
王叶也觉得塔塔拉族的科技可能更适合拿来给地球参考，虽然表现不一样，但都是走的科技路线。
如果有可能，他真的很想弄一套塔塔拉族的内部教学资料，最好是从最基础到最高的全套。
王叶舔舔嘴唇：“我会想办法弄几个活的瘤背怪，但我担心它们会立刻自爆，尤其在它们很可能以为一个活口已经落在我们手上的时候。如果可以，我希望您先想办法弄出一种隔绝手段，比如一种魔器，可以干扰种子的信息传递，就是让种子无法接受到新的命令……”
“我明白你的意思。”靳蜘蛛失笑：“给我一点时间，我来看看如何阻断你说的信息传递。”
王叶把破解种子的事全盘交给了靳蜘蛛，他还给靳蜘蛛留下了一个破解线索，那就是他认为这种种子使用的能量是一种磁能。
这个磁能让这粒种子的内部形成了一个完整的能量循环。并且确保就算被植入体死亡，种子也能完好无损地取出，只要种子无损，就能被继续植入下一具身体。
这点提醒对靳蜘蛛很重要，他挥挥长腿把王叶和疯药王都赶出了隔离室，还让王叶把他的炼金室设备都转移到这里来。
王叶笑：“何须这么麻烦。”
他把种子转到靳蜘蛛的炼金室内，然后就把那间炼金室给单独隔离了。
靳蜘蛛还要求雷木进来给他打下手。
王叶哪能不明白靳蜘蛛的意思，这是培养徒弟呢，当即就把雷木打包送上门。
王叶这边正要去查看那名塔塔拉族的大脑自愈情况，就听外面的房门被敲响。
Wang Ye was about to check on the Tatara tribe's brain healing when he heard a knock on the door outside.
是旅馆的客房门。 It is the guest room door of the inn.
王叶把精神力送出门外，看到了胖巴里。 Wang Ye sent his spiritual power out of the door and saw Fat Barry.
胖巴里的表情有点不太好，但王叶打开因果卷看了看，就从虫巢出去打开了房门。
Fat Barry's expression was a little not good, but Wang Ye opened the cause and effect scroll and looked at it, then went out from the hive and opened the door.
“我给你们带了点食物和水果。这边水果很稀少，不容易弄到。”胖巴里进门后就从自己的储物手镯中拿出一个很大的篮子放到房间内的小桌子上。
"I've brought you some food and fruit. Fruits are scarce here, and they are not easy to come by. As soon as Fat Barry entered, he took a large basket from his storage bracelet and placed it on the small table in the room.
“谢谢。”王叶邀请胖巴里坐下，还用客房内自备的水罐给他倒了一杯水。
"Thank you." Wang Ye invited Fat Barry to sit down, and poured him a glass of water with the jug brought in the guest room.
胖巴里接过水杯没有喝，而是环视整间卧室，问：“你哥哥呢？”
Fat Barry took the glass of water and didn't drink it, but looked around the bedroom and asked, "What about your brother?" ”
“他有点事。”王叶含糊道。 "There's something wrong with him." Wang Ye said vaguely.
胖巴里把玩着手里的水杯，似乎下定决心一般，抬头问：“你是昆海的弟子？”
Fat Barry played with the water cup in his hand, as if he had made up his mind, and looked up and asked, "Are you a disciple of Kunhai?" ”
王叶眉毛一挑，坦然承认：“是啊。” Wang Ye raised his eyebrows and admitted calmly: "Yes." ”
听到小孩承认他是那个老魔头的弟子，胖巴里心里很不是滋味。
Hearing the kid admit that he was a disciple of the old devil, Fat Barry felt very uncomfortable.
不过他和虫老魔的恩怨是他们的事，他可不是那种会把上一代恩怨牵扯到下一代身上的狭心鬼。
However, his grudge with the old demon is their business, and he is not the kind of narrow-minded ghost who will involve the grievances of the previous generation to the next generation.
而且据他打听来的消息，这孩子可是他们陨星的宝贝疙瘩，他小心护着都还来不及。况且虫老魔也只是这孩子师父中的一个而已，哼！
And according to the news he inquired, this child is the baby bump of their meteorite, and it is too late for him to protect it carefully. Besides, the old demon is only one of this child's masters, hum!
“虫老魔对你好吗？”胖巴里十分纠结，他也不知道自己想要求证什么。
"Is the old demon good to you?" Fat Barry was very entangled, and he didn't know what he wanted to prove.
王叶坦言：“当然好，那老头最疼我了。” Wang Ye said frankly: "Of course it's good, that old man loves me the most." ”
他说这话可没半点夸耀。 He didn't say that with the slightest boast.
胖巴里也看出来了，小孩那得意的神情，如果不是真实被宠爱，根本表现不出来。
Fat Barry also saw that the child's smug expression, if it wasn't really pampered, it wouldn't be able to show it at all.
“真没想到……”胖巴里低喃。 "I didn't expect ......," Fat Barry muttered.
“没想到什么？”王叶歪头问：“巴里大师，您是不是认识老头？”
"What didn't you expect?" Wang Ye tilted his head and asked, "Master Barry, do you know the old man?" ”
“你叫他老头？”胖巴里好笑。 "You call him old man?" Fat Barry is funny.
王叶点头。 Wang Ye nodded.
胖巴里越发觉得不可思议，感慨：“他以前可不喜欢小孩子，如果有学生犯错，落到他手里，那下场……”
“巴里大师，是不是您的弟子被老头惩罚过？”王叶猜测。
胖巴里半晌没说话，那表情像是沉浸到回忆里。 Fat Barry didn't speak for a while, his expression seemed to be immersed in memories.
王叶也没有催促他，他直接拿出一本讲解能量本质的魔法书看起来。
Wang Ye didn't urge him, he directly took out a magic book that explained the essence of energy.
胖巴里回过神，就发现小孩坐在椅子里看书看得很认真，就是那坐姿比较销魂，整个人都横躺在椅子上。
When Fat Barry came back to his senses, he found that the child was sitting in the chair reading and reading very seriously, but the sitting posture was more ecstatic, and the whole person was lying on the chair.
胖巴里笑起来。一个才十岁左右却能在空闲时刻耐下性子看书的孩子，这样的弟子，让他都忍不住羡慕呢。
Fat Barry laughed. A child who is only about ten years old but can patiently read books in his free time, such a disciple can't help but envy him.
“你是个好孩子，做你的师父一定很幸福。” "You are a good boy, you must be very happy to be your master."
“那是当然。虽然他们老是一口一个小兔崽子的叫我，但谁让我爱他们呢，只能原谅他们了。”王叶翘着腿，很碉地道。
"Of course. Although they always call me a little rabbit, who makes me love them, I can only forgive them. Wang Ye crossed his legs and was very authentic.
胖巴里哈哈大笑，他现在越来越喜欢这个小家伙了。刚开始他还以为这是一个看起来有点桀骜，实则比较老实的孩子。后来看他看书，还以为他是个爱学习的好孩子。现在嘛，他肯定了，这就是个很会给师父们找麻烦的小刺头。
Fat Barry laughed, he liked the little guy more and more now. At first, he thought that this was a child who looked a little unruly, but was actually more honest. Later, when I saw him reading, I thought he was a good boy who loved to learn. Now, he's sure, this is a little thorn in the coffin who is very good at making trouble for the masters.
王叶看胖巴里心情变好了一点，给自己挂上了“老人爱说古”的增益效果。
Wang Ye saw that Fat Barry's mood had changed a little better, and he hung up the gain effect of "old people love to talk about the ancients" to himself.
“这是我做的魔食小点心，您尝尝。这是新品种，我师父们还没尝过哦~”王叶对胖巴里挤了挤眼睛。
"This is a little snack I made, you can try it. This is a new variety, my masters haven't tasted it yet~" Wang Ye squeezed his eyes at Fat Barry.
胖巴里乐，他把水杯放下，拿起小碟子，捏起小巧的黑漆漆的动物形状点心，放进嘴里轻轻一咬。
Fat Barryle, he put down the water glass, picked up the small saucer, pinched the small black animal-shaped pastry, put it in his mouth and bit it gently.
这是王叶在双月星找到的一种类似可可的果子，做出来的口感很像巧克力，但比巧克力还要香浓，却又没有那么甜腻，苦中回甘，很适合口感较重的中老年人。
This is a kind of cocoa-like fruit that Wang Ye found in Shuangyuexing, which tastes very similar to chocolate, but it is more fragrant than chocolate, but it is not so sweet and greasy, bitter and sweet, and it is very suitable for middle-aged and elderly people with a heavier taste.
胖巴里显然很喜欢这种点心，问：“这叫什么？” Fat Barry obviously liked this kind of snack and asked, "What is this called?" ”
“原材料是黑心果，做出来的小食叫可可，它很好吃对吗？”
"The raw material is black heart fruit, and the snack made is called cocoa, it's delicious, right?"
“是很好吃。”胖巴里也知道黑心果，没想到那种极为苦涩的药植果实竟然还能做出这么美味的小点心。
"It's delicious." Fat Barry also knew about the black heart fruit, but he didn't expect that the extremely bitter medicinal plant fruit could make such a delicious snack.
胖巴里的眼睛突然红了，他放下点心，匆忙擦了擦眼角。
Fat Barry's eyes suddenly turned red, and he put down his snack and hurriedly wiped the corners of his eyes.
王叶在心里说了声抱歉，他说了这是魔食，效果就是回忆起印象最深的伤心事。
Wang Ye said sorry in his heart, he said that this was demon food, and the effect was to recall the most impressive sad thing.
“您没事吧？”王叶坐正身体，轻声问。 "Are you alright?" Wang Ye sat up straight and asked softly.
胖巴里捂住眼睛，过了好一会儿，才不好意思地放下手，红着眼睛说道：“没什么，我只是想起了过去的一点事情，我这算是中了你的小暗算吗？”
Fat Barry covered his eyes, and after a long while, he put down his hand embarrassedly, and said with red eyes: "It's nothing, I just remembered a little thing from the past, did I fall for your little plot?" ”
王叶讪笑：“我就是看您心情不太好，想让您干脆发泄出来。有些事在心里憋久了，很可能会变成毒汁，能毒死别人，也能毒死自己。”
Wang Ye sneered: "I just see that you are not in a good mood, and I want you to simply vent it." Some things are held in the heart for a long time, and they are likely to become poisonous juice, which can poison others and yourself. ”
胖巴里愣住，似乎没想到这么小的孩子能说出这样的话。
Fat Barry was stunned, as if he didn't expect such a young child to say such a thing.
随后，这位魔法阵大师就苦笑道：“你说得对，我一个大人还不如你一个小孩子看得透彻。”
Then, the magic array master smiled bitterly and said, "You're right, I'm not as good an adult as you are a child. ”
王叶：“也许不是您看得不透彻，只是我年龄小没有包袱而已。我做错事，承认了，大不了也就被我师父们罚写作业。如果我受了委屈，心情不爽，我就直接和他们闹腾。”
Wang Ye: "Maybe it's not that you can't see it thoroughly, it's just that I'm young and have no baggage." If I did something wrong and admitted it, I was punished by my masters for doing my homework. If I'm wronged and upset, I'll just mess with them. ”
胖巴里叹息，看着王叶惋惜地道：“如果我早点遇到你就好了，哪还会轮得到那只老魔头把你抢去。”
Fat Barry sighed, looked at Wang Ye and said regretfully: "If I had met you earlier, how could it be the turn of that old devil to snatch you." ”
疯药王在虫巢中就阴阳怪气地哼哼道：“听到没，还不赶紧打蛇随棍上？这是想要收你为弟子呢。”
The Mad Medicine King snorted in a weird way in the worm nest: "Did you hear that, why don't you hurry up and hit the snake with the stick?" I want to accept you as a disciple. ”
王叶假装没听懂胖巴里的言下之意，抓起篮子里的一枚果子，简单擦了擦就咔嚓咬了一口。
Wang Ye pretended not to understand what Fat Barry meant, grabbed a fruit in the basket, wiped it briefly and took a bite.
胖巴里看着面前的小孩，不知为何特别有倾诉的欲望，他又捏起一枚可可点心放进嘴里。
Fat Barry looked at the child in front of him, and for some reason he had a special desire to talk, so he picked up another cocoa snack and put it in his mouth.
“我和那只老虫子的恩怨大概要回溯到五十多年前，那时候昆海不但不老，还很英俊，我们超凡者只要没有受到很严重的伤及根本的损伤，不到衰竭期，我们就不会老化，顶多看起来更成熟一些。昆海性格比较冷，也比较独，嘴巴也坏，但不知为何，他那样的男性反而很招女性喜欢。”
"My feud with that old bug goes back probably more than fifty years, when Kunhai was not only not old, but also very handsome, as long as we transcendents did not suffer very serious injuries or fundamental damage, we would not age until the exhaustion period, at most we would look more mature. Kunhai has a colder personality, is more lonely, and has a bad mouth, but for some reason, men like him are very popular with women. ”
胖巴里说到这里撇了撇嘴，显然有点不爽。 Fat Barry pursed his lips when he said this, obviously a little unhappy.
“但昆海对虫子比对任何人事物都感兴趣。当时学校里有一位年轻的助教，她美丽、聪慧、博学，更有着高洁的品质。”
"But Kunhai is more interested in bugs than in anything else. At that time, there was a young teaching assistant in the school, she was beautiful, intelligent, erudite, and had a noble character. ”
王叶精神一振，眼睛也亮了起来。 Wang Ye's spirits perked up, and his eyes lit up.
这明显是要说虫老头的爱情八卦啊！ This is obviously going to talk about the love gossip of the old man!
他就说嘛，虫老头这么一把年纪了，怎么可能没有一点桃色过往，这不就来了？
He said, the old man is so old, how can he not have a little peach past, isn't this coming?
嘿嘿，他一定要好好了解，将来说不定就是他用来嘲笑老头的重要把柄。
Hehe, he must understand it well, and in the future, it may be an important trick he uses to laugh at the old man.
结果这位胖巴里明明长了一张很会说故事的脸，可他说的过往简直比虫老头的知识讲解还干涩单调，几句话就把他和虫老的恩怨给交代清楚了。
As a result, this fat Barry obviously has a face that is very good at telling stories, but the past he said is even more dry and monotonous than the knowledge explanation of the old man, and he explained the grievances between him and the old man in a few words.
他说：“那位助教叫内丽莉，喜欢昆海，而我喜欢她。好吧，当年暗中喜欢丽莉的人很多，我只是其中之一。可是有一天，昆海竟然追杀丽莉，理由是对方谋害他。丽莉向我求救，我救下了她并把她暗中藏了起来，在帮丽莉疗伤的过程中，我和她感情日深，之后丽莉就有了我的孩子。”
"The teaching assistant is called Nellier, and she likes Kunhai, and I like her," he said. Well, there were a lot of people who secretly liked Lily back then, and I was just one of them. But one day, Kunhai actually chased and killed Lili on the grounds that the other party was plotting to kill him. Lily asked me for help, I rescued her and hid her, and in the process of helping Lily heal, I became close to her, and Lily had my child. ”
“可是就在我不得不离开家出门办事的某一天，昆海找到了我家，找到了丽莉。等我赶回家中，只发现丽莉的尸体，她那时还怀着六个月的身孕。”
"But one day when I had to leave home to run errands, Kunhai found my house and found Lili. When I rushed home, I found Lili's body, six months pregnant. ”
王叶张大嘴巴，这个瓜可太大了：“呃，我不是为老头说话，但我觉得老头真不是会杀孕妇的人。”
Wang Ye opened his mouth wide, this melon is too big: "Uh, I'm not speaking for the old man, but I don't think the old man is really a person who can kill pregnant women." ”
胖巴里看看他，竟然默认了他的说法。 Fat Barry looked at him and acquiesced to his statement.
“但我当时无法冷静，我也不能接受昆海的解释，他也没给我任何解释，只说丽莉该杀，又说人不是他杀的，是丽莉自己把自己干掉了。你听听这话？这让我如何接受？”
"But I couldn't calm down at the time, and I couldn't accept Kunhai's explanation, and he didn't give me any explanation, only that Lili should be killed, and that he didn't kill the person, but Lili killed herself. Listen to this? How do I accept this? ”
王叶点头，义愤填膺地道：“老头这解释确实太敷衍了，他就没准备魔影石吗？”
Wang Ye nodded, and said indignantly: "The old man's explanation is indeed too perfunctory, didn't he prepare the Demon Shadow Stone?" ”
胖巴里无语地看小孩：“他大概没想那么多。” Fat Barry looked at the child speechlessly: "He probably didn't think about it that much." ”
王叶感慨：“这就是教训啊，这事告诉我们，随时准备影像证据有多么重要。”
Wang Ye sighed: "This is the lesson, this incident tells us how important it is to be ready for image evidence at any time." ”
胖巴里：“……” Fat Barry: "......"
“咳，您继续。”王叶咔嚓咔嚓咬果子。 "Ahem, you go on." Wang Ye clicked and bit the fruit.
胖巴里现在特别明白为什么这小孩的师父们都爱叫这小子小兔崽子，他现在也想这么叫他。
Fat Barry now understands why this kid's masters love to call him this kid little bunny, and he wants to call him that now.
胖巴里把收徒的心思踹到两百里开外，用更简单的言辞说了结果。
Fat Barry kicked his mind two hundred miles away, and explained the result in simpler terms.
“我们打了起来，校长出面阻止，我要求学校处置昆海，学校不同意，我愤而离校。后来我把大量时间花在查询当年丽莉死因和找昆海麻烦上。可昆海不知为何，在那后面竟然就不怎么露面了，我后来有一次见到他，发现他变得苍老许多，我和他又狠狠打了一场，发现他的实力也降低了。”
"We fought, the principal came forward to stop it, I asked the school to deal with Kunhai, the school did not agree, and I left the school in anger. Later, I spent a lot of time investigating the cause of Lili's death and troubleshooting Kunhai. But Kunhai didn't show up much after that, I saw him once, and found that he had become much older, and I fought him again, and found that his strength had also decreased. ”
胖巴里抿了抿嘴唇：“我问他，他是不是真的被丽莉谋害过。结果那老混蛋竟然说丽莉肚子里的孩子根本不是我的，说我白给人养孩子，还骂我……他骂了我很多难听的话，还拿出了证据。”
Fat Barry pursed his lips: "I asked him if he was really murdered by Lily." As a result, the old bastard actually said that the child in Lili's belly was not mine at all, that I raised the child for nothing, and scolded me...... He scolded me for a lot of nasty things and presented evidence. ”
胖巴里的表情一时变得极为扭曲，他似乎至今都无法接受虫老干出那样的事。
Fat Barry's expression became extremely distorted for a moment, and he still couldn't seem to accept that the worm old man did such a thing.
“你相信吗？那个混蛋竟然把丽莉的尸体挖了出来，还把她肚中的胎儿也挖了出来，保存至今，就是为了当场用血缘魔法测试给我看！证明那孩子不是我的，他还就这么告诉我了。”
"Can you believe it? That bastard actually dug up Lili's body, and also dug out the fetus in her womb, and kept it to this day, just to show me on the spot with blood magic tests! He told me that the kid wasn't mine. ”
王叶：“……”师父，您老真他么牛！ Wang Ye: "...... Master, you are really a cow!"
胖巴里平息情绪花了好一会儿时间，才继续说道：“我们那次打得很厉害，学校好几位大佬出面，后来他们帮助一起验证了那具尸体，确认那就是丽莉的尸体，并同时确认了她肚子里的孩子确实不是我的。”
It took a while for Fat Barry to calm down before he continued, "We fought very hard that time, and several bigwigs from the school came forward, and later they helped to verify the corpse together, confirming that it was Lili's body, and at the same time confirming that the child in her belly was indeed not mine. ”
王叶暗想，胖巴里这么痛恨老头，说不定不是因为伪杀子之仇，而是气愤老头揭露了他被情人戴了绿帽还帮人养孩子的事实，之后还当众揭露。
Wang Ye secretly thought that Fat Barry hated the old man so much, maybe it was not because of the revenge of the fake murder, but because the angry old man exposed the fact that he was cuckolded by his lover and helped people raise children, and then exposed it in public.
这换哪个男人都受不了啊。 No man can stand this.
胖巴里揉揉脸，苦笑道：“我不在乎孩子是不是我的，也不在乎丽莉是不是在骗我，毕竟她人都死了。我在乎的是，丽莉到底是谁杀死的，又是谁能那么狠心杀掉一个胎儿。”
Fat Barry rubbed his face and said with a wry smile: "I don't care if the child is mine or not, and I don't care if Lili is lying to me, after all, she is dead." What I care about is who killed Lily and who can kill a fetus so ruthlessly. ”
嗯，果然！“您还是怀疑是老头动的手？”王叶问。 Well, sure enough! "Do you still suspect that the old man did it?" Wang Ye asked.
胖巴里似乎看出小孩在想什么，面无表情地说道：“除了他，没有别人。当时那几位大佬帮着验尸，也给出了新的证据，这个证据就是丽莉确实是被虫子咬死的，包括她的腹中胎儿。”
Fat Barry seemed to see what the child was thinking, and said expressionlessly: "There is no one else but him." At that time, the bigwigs helped to perform the autopsy and also gave new evidence, which was that Lili was indeed bitten to death by insects, including the fetus in her womb. ”
王叶抓抓脸，苦恼道：“我师父……那老头是不是被你逼问急了，就说了‘人就是他杀的又怎么样，让你有本事就找他报仇’这样的话对吗？”
Wang Ye scratched his face and said distressedly: "My master...... Did the old man be forced by you to ask in a hurry, so he said, 'What if the person is killed by him, if you have the ability, you will seek revenge on him', right? ”
胖巴里失笑，道：“你还真是了解那老混蛋。” Fat Barry chuckled and said, "You really know that old bastard." ”
王叶耸肩：“我可以向你保证，我师父也许动手了，但那个丽莉肯定不是死在我师父手上。我不是说老头人品有多高洁，但他这人有个美德，就是敢做敢当，如果他真的杀了丽莉和她腹中胎儿，他不会不承认。”
Wang Ye shrugged: "I can assure you that my master may have done it, but that Lili definitely didn't die at the hands of my master." I'm not saying how noble the old man is, but he has a virtue as a person, that is, he dares to act, and if he really killed Lily and the fetus in her womb, he will not deny it. ”
“而且您想，以老头玩虫子和玩毒的本领，他如果真的想暗害某个人，需要他特意出面吗？我敢保证他要真杀人不想让人知道，那绝不会有人知道是他动的手。”
"And you think, with the old man's ability to play with insects and drugs, if he really wants to assassinate someone, does he need to come forward? I'm sure if he really killed someone and didn't want people to know, no one would know that he did it. ”
胖巴里沉默。 Fat Barry was silent.
“再说那孩子也不是您的。”王叶嘀咕。 "Besides, the kid isn't yours either." Wang Ye muttered.
“那不是重点！”胖巴里瞪王叶。 "That's not the point!" Fat Barry glared at Wang Ye.
王叶迅速举起手：“抱歉，我不知道大师您这么喜欢当接盘侠。”
Wang Ye quickly raised his hand: "I'm sorry, I didn't know that you like to be a pick-up man so much, Master." ”
“小兔崽子！”胖巴里气骂。他没听过接盘侠这个词，但他能猜出意思。
"Little bunny!" Fat Barry scolded. He hadn't heard the word pick-up man, but he could guess the meaning.
为了表明他并不是冤枉虫老魔，胖巴里忍不住举证道：“那老混蛋也不是第一次干出这种缺德事，你大概还不知道，就我们学校以前的药园园长尤萨尔有个侄女，那老虫子也把人侄女杀了，还把尤萨尔逼出学校。我听尤萨尔说，那女孩也挺冤枉，可那老混蛋根本就不听尤萨尔的解释，硬是把一个好好的小姑娘给宰了。”
In order to show that he was not wronged by the old worm demon, Fat Barry couldn't help but testify: "It's not the first time that old bastard has done this kind of immoral thing, you probably don't know that the former director of our school's medicine garden, Yusar, has a niece, and the old bug also killed the niece and forced Yusar out of the school." I heard Yusar say that the girl was wronged, but the old bastard didn't listen to Yusar's explanation at all, and slaughtered a good little girl. ”
王叶表情怪异：“你认识尤萨尔？”
胖巴里毫无戒心地回答：“认识啊。”
“他来裂隙战场是不是你介绍的？” "Did you introduce him to the Rift Battlefield?"
胖巴里一惊，及时把就要脱口而出的回答憋住，瞪着王叶。
Fat Barry was startled, and held back the answer he was about to blurt out in time, glaring at Wang Ye.
王叶眨眼：“你知道尤萨尔的最新消息吗？” Wang Ye blinked: "Do you know the latest news from Yusar?" ”
胖巴里深吸气：“不知道，我是真不知道。” Fat Barry took a deep breath: "I don't know, I really don't know." ”
“也就是说你把他介绍到裂隙战场后，他就换了一个身份自己混，他没有联系你，你也没有联系他？”王叶不容胖巴里逃避这个问题。
胖巴里再也忍不住，问道：“你是不是遇到了尤萨尔？”
Fat Barry couldn't hold back any longer and asked, "Did you meet Yusar?" ”
王叶却答非所问，宛如自言自语一般道：“噬魂虫、两个老头的仇家，一个比较傻，一个比较精明，傻的被利用了都不知道。如果就这么任其发展下去……”
Wang Ye didn't answer the question, as if talking to himself: "The soul eater and the enemy of the two old men, one is more stupid, the other is more shrewd, and the stupid one doesn't know if it's being used. If you just let it go......"
王叶忽然抬头，盯着胖巴里的眼睛问：“你和尤萨尔之间是不是有什么约定？或者答应了他某件事？”
Wang Ye suddenly raised his head, stared into Fat Barry's eyes and asked, "Is there any agreement between you and Yusar?" Or promised him something? ”
胖巴里迟疑：“我不懂你在说什么。” Fat Barry hesitated: "I don't understand what you're talking about. ”
王叶步步紧逼：“不，你懂。你们也许没有明的联系，但你们一定暗中有联系。我之前还在想，尤萨尔只是一名培植师，他怎么可能看得懂迪普大师的研究。又不是谁都能双担，还都能学得非常好。但如果有你就不一样了！”
Wang Ye pressed step by step: "No, you understand. You may not have an explicit connection, but you must have a secret connection. I was still thinking that Yusar was just a cultivator, how could he possibly understand Master Deep's research. Not everyone can do both, and they can learn very well. But it's not the same if you have it! ”
“魔法阵师和炼金师本来就有互通之处，如果尤萨尔有不懂的，完全可以请教你。甚至他那个秘密房间，那里的魔法阵应该也是你帮他布置的对不对？当然，你可能没有到现场，但你只要给他阵盘让他激发就可以。”
"The magic array master and the alchemist have something in common, if Yusar doesn't understand something, he can ask you for advice. Even his secret room, the magic array there should have been set up for him by you, right? Of course, you may not be there, but you just have to give him a disc to get him excited. ”
“还有，你是不是也联系上了那个内丽莉的家人？或者丽莉的家人找到了你？让我猜猜，那位美丽聪慧优秀的女助教，她是不是一位公主？她的父亲是春木上国的国主，对吗？”
"Also, did you get in touch with that Nelli's family too? Or maybe Lily's family found you? Let me guess, that beautiful, intelligent and excellent female teaching assistant, is she a princess? Her father is the lord of Haruki Kamikoku, right? ”
这一刻，胖巴里吃惊到极点！他腾地从椅子上站起，满脸不可思议地瞪向小孩。
At this moment, Fat Barry was extremely surprised! He scrambled to his feet from his chair and glared at the child with a look of incredulity.
王叶看到胖巴里的神情，了然，一击掌：“这样，所有线索都可以串联起来了。尤萨尔必然是通过你才认识了某个不良组织的人，而这个组织很可能在很久以前就盯上了陨星。他们想一点点蚕食陨星！当他们发现无法把陨星这个硬骨头吞下去的时候，就抱着得不到就毁了她的想法。”
Wang Ye saw Fat Barry's expression, and he slapped his high-fives: "In this way, all the clues can be connected." Yusar must have known someone from some bad organization through you, and it is likely that this group had its sights on the Meteor a long time ago. They want to nibble away at the meteorite little by little! When they found that they couldn't swallow the hard bone of the meteorite, they thought they would destroy her if they couldn't get it. ”
胖巴里失声道：“什么？谁要毁了陨星？！” Fat Barry lost his voice and said, "What? Who is going to destroy the meteorites?! ”
王叶没有回答。 Wang Ye did not answer.
他也同样用不可思议的眼神看着胖巴里，嘴中还不断用别人听不懂的含糊言辞呢喃：“怪不得我会遇到你，这就是因果的引力。我差点忘了，我现在已经是八十五级，因果之力开始在冥冥中发挥作用，上辈子的因果和这辈子的因果都将纠缠在一起，彼此产生牵引。以后我肯定还会遇到更多看起来莫名其妙的事情和人，我牵扯得越深，就会……我他么这是躲不过去了？”
He also looked at Fat Barry with incredible eyes, and kept muttering in vague words that others couldn't understand: "No wonder I met you, this is the gravitational pull of cause and effect." I almost forgot that I was now level eighty-five, and the power of cause and effect began to work in the underworld, and the cause and effect of the previous life and the cause and effect of this life will be entangled and pull each other. I'm sure I'll meet more things and people in the future that seem inexplicable, and the more I'm involved, the more ...... Why the hell can't I hide? ”
“我@#￥&！” "I'm @#¥&!"
王叶喷出了一堆需要打码的超级脏话。 Wang Ye spewed out a bunch of super dirty words that needed to be coded.
第280章 不可能完成的任务 Chapter 280: Mission Impossible
胖巴里一直在追问是谁要毁掉陨星。 Fat Barry has been asking who is going to destroy the meteorite.
他和尤萨尔不同，他并没有被陨星开除，他在陨星学习、在陨星任教，身上的陨星刻印很重，自己也自认是陨星人，对陨星的关注并不比现役少。
Unlike Yusar, he was not expelled from the meteorite, he studied and taught in the meteorite, and the meteorite mark on his body was very heavy, and he also considered himself a meteorite, and he paid no less attention to the meteorite than he was on active duty.
王叶被他问烦了，瞪他：“你先回答我几个问题。” Wang Ye was annoyed by his question, and glared at him: "You answer me a few questions first." ”
胖巴里觉得不可思议，为什么这么一个小家伙有这么强的气势？
Fat Barry thought it was incredible, why did such a small guy have such a strong momentum?
就算他性格有点面，但被一个小孩子给压制住…… Even if he has a bit of a face, he is suppressed by a child......
“你问。”胖巴里在王叶凶狠的目光瞪视下，怂了。 "You ask." Fat Barry was stunned under Wang Ye's fierce gaze.
王叶凶巴巴地问：“我刚才的推测是不是都是对的？有错的你指出来。”
Wang Ye asked fiercely: "Is my speculation just now all right?" If something is wrong, you point it out. ”
胖巴里还在挣扎：“你怎么会知道那么多？你……” Fat Barry is still struggling: "How do you know so much?" You ......"
“回答我！” "Answer me!"
“是的，丽莉的家人找到了我，我从没有隐姓埋名，他们找我很容易。”胖巴里迅速回答。
"Yes, Lily's family found me, I never went incognito, it was easy for them to find me." Fat Barry replied quickly.
“他们还问我想不想给丽莉报仇，说虫老魔不但杀死丽莉母子，更污蔑丽莉的身后名，说作为她的家人，无法忍受这样的羞辱和仇恨。但丽莉不是春木上国国主的女儿，她只是该国一名公爵的女儿。”
They also asked me if I wanted to avenge Lili, saying that the old demon not only killed Lily's mother and son, but also slandered Lili's name, saying that as her family, they couldn't bear such humiliation and hatred. But Lili is not the daughter of the lord of Haruki, she is only the daughter of a duke in the country. ”
“呵！”王叶满是讽刺地道：“那当然，全都是公主，公主也不值钱了，还容易引来怀疑。总之和春木上国高层有关没得跑。”
"Huh!" Wang Ye said sarcastically: "Of course, all of them are princesses, and princesses are not worth much, and it is easy to attract suspicion." In short, it has something to do with the high-level of Haruki Shangguo, so I don't have to run. ”
胖巴里原本不觉得丽莉的身世有问题，可被小孩这么一说，他竟然也觉得不对劲起来。
Fat Barry didn't think there was anything wrong with Lili's background, but when the child said this, he actually felt that something was wrong.
胖巴里用力摇头，他不能被一个小孩影响自己的判断。丽莉是个好女孩，就算那孩子不是他的，那也一定有原因。
Fat Barry shook his head vigorously, he couldn't let a child influence his judgment. Lily is a good girl, and even if the child isn't his, there must be a reason.
王叶故意眼含同情地看向胖巴里，说道：“你也不用太伤心，你不是第一个中美人计的傻瓜。”
Wang Ye deliberately looked at Fat Barry with sympathy in his eyes and said, "You don't have to be too sad, you are not the first fool to be a fool of the Americans." ”
胖巴里：喂喂，我可是前辈，和你师父同辈分，你这么直接叫我傻瓜……不怕我揍你吗？
Fat Barry: Hey, I'm a senior, the same generation as your master, and you call me a fool so directly...... Aren't you afraid that I'll beat you?
王叶半点不怕：“如果大师您仔细打听，就会发现春木上国国主有不少嫁出去的女儿，哦，还有这个国家的公爵、侯爵、伯爵等等，他们的女儿一定貌美，而且嫁的人身份肯定不俗。你还可以仔细打听打听这些嫁出去的女儿们，她们的丈夫一家都是否建在，或者相关势力是否还完好等等。”
Wang Ye was not afraid at all: "If you inquire carefully, master, you will find that the lord of the country of Chunmu has many daughters who have married out, oh, and dukes, marquises, earls, etc., their daughters must be beautiful, and the status of the person who marries must be good." You can also inquire carefully about these married daughters, whether their husbands' families are built, or whether the relevant forces are still intact, and so on. ”
胖巴里张口。 Fat Barry opened his mouth.
王叶抬手打断他：“我知道你要说什么，就算丽莉的家人无辜，那么我问你，他们是否给你介绍了一些很特别的人士？你是不是有什么特别诉求？比如希望复活丽莉，或者想要一个属于你和丽莉的真正骨肉？”
Wang Ye raised his hand to interrupt him: "I know what you have to say, even if Lili's family is innocent, then let me ask you, have they introduced you to some very special people?" Do you have any special concerns? For example, do you want to resurrect Lily, or do you want a real flesh and blood that belongs to you and Lili? ”
胖巴里再度吃惊到震惊。 Fat Barry was shocked again.
王叶一看他这模样还有什么不明白的？ What else did Wang Ye not understand when he looked like this?
“看来你是真的很爱那个丽莉，而比起复活一个死人，要一个孩子在技术上应该更简单。那些人是怎么忽悠你的？是不是说这件事很难，需要你不断投入资源……等等，也许不是需要资源，而是希望你给予技术支持？再帮他们多介绍一些人才？”
"It seems that you really love that Lily, and it should be technically easier to have a child than to resurrect a dead man. How did those people fool you? Does it mean that this is difficult and requires you to constantly invest resources...... Wait, maybe it's not that you need resources, but that you want to give you technical support? Introduce them to more talents? ”
王叶问得越多，胖巴里越震惊。 The more Wang Ye asked, the more shocked Fat Barry became.
这孩子是不是有透视眼，还是拥有阅读他人思想的能力？
Does the child have clairvoyance, or does he have the ability to read the minds of others?
啪！王叶打了个响指。 Syllable! Wang Ye snapped his fingers.
胖巴里下意识道：“他们希望我帮他们推荐一些人进入陨星，有助教，也有学生。”
Fat Barry subconsciously said: "They want me to help them recommend some people to enter the meteorite, including teaching assistants and students." ”
“那你推荐了吗？”王叶皱眉。 "Do you recommend it?" Wang Ye frowned.
胖巴里苦笑：“我离开学校已经很多年了，走的时候也不是很光彩。虽然学校还留着我的档案，但我并不想随便动用当年的关系。至今为止，我只推荐了一名学生，后来炉箭教授收了他为亲传弟子。”
Fat Barry smiled wryly: "It's been many years since I left school, and I didn't leave very glamorously. Although the school still has my file, I don't want to use my old connections casually. So far, I have only recommended one student, and later Professor Lujian accepted him as a personal disciple. ”
“炉箭？”王叶脑中迅速翻出这个人名，这不是那个在兰道来了后就辞职的卷轴教授吗？
"Furnace arrows?" Wang Ye quickly turned over this person's name in his mind, wasn't this the scroll professor who resigned after Landau came?
王叶对这名教授印象很糟糕，觉得对方有点不学无术，反正教学能力很差。
Wang Ye had a very bad impression of this professor, feeling that the other party was a bit unlearned, and his teaching ability was very poor anyway.
“你知道炉箭？”胖巴里问。 "You know the furnace arrows?" Fat Barry asked.
“当然。”王叶没说他对这名教授的看法，只道：“他已经辞职离开学校，你知道吗？”
"Of course." Wang Ye didn't say what he thought of the professor, but said, "He has resigned and left the school, do you know?" ”
胖巴里惊讶：“什么？他已经离开学校？我上次遇到他，他可没有跟我说这件事。”
Fat Barry was surprised: "What? Has he left school? The last time I met him, he didn't tell me about it. ”
“你推荐给他的那个学生，现在还在学校吗？”王叶更关心这点。
"Is the student you recommended to him still in school?" Wang Ye is more concerned about this.
胖巴里不确定道：“应该还在吧，炉箭说那名学生的资质很优秀，他好像帮助对方申请了毕业留校。”
Fat Barry said uncertainly: "It should still be there, the furnace arrow said that the student's qualifications are very good, and he seems to have helped the other party apply for graduation and stay in school." ”
之前王叶对炉箭教授离职的事就没多想，但现在他不能不多想了。
Wang Ye hadn't thought much about Professor Furnace Arrow's resignation before, but now he couldn't think about it anymore.
“炉箭的教学水平怎么样？我是说你印象中的炉箭。”王叶问。
"What is the level of teaching at the furnace arrow? I mean, you think of the furnace arrow. Wang Ye asked.
胖巴里道：“当然很好，否则我不会把学生推荐给他。”
Fat Barry said: "Of course it's good, otherwise I wouldn't recommend the student to him." ”
“你确定？” "Are you sure?"
“呃，他的教学水平也许有点普通，但他本人是真的很厉害的卷轴大师。”
"Well, his teaching level may be a bit ordinary, but he's a really good scroll master himself."
“比兰道还厉害？” "More powerful than Landau?"
“兰道？你是说你师父？哦，那还是差一点的。不过差的也不多吧。他对兰道一直……都有些想法，不过他为人羞涩，看到兰道都会说不出话。”胖巴里已经知道兰道也是小孩的师父之一。
"Landau? You mean your master? Oh, that's still a little bit worse. But it's not much worse. He has always been ...... Landau They all had some ideas, but he was shy and speechless when he saw Landau. "Fat Barry already knows that Landau is also one of the children's masters.
王叶表情怪异：“你说炉箭教授为人羞涩，还暗恋我兰道师父？”
Wang Ye's expression was strange: "You said that Professor Furnace Arrow is shy and has a crush on my Master Landau?" ”
胖巴里干咳一声，默认。兰道可是天下第一大美人，暗中喜欢他的人多着了，男男女女什么样人都有。
Fat Barry coughed dryly, acquiescing. Landau is the number one beauty in the world, and there are many people who secretly like him, men and women.
王叶回忆炉箭那个人，只觉得那人怎么看都与羞涩这个词无关，倒是十分惹人厌，让人看着就不想接近他。
Wang Ye recalled the person in the furnace arrow, but he felt that no matter how he looked at it, it had nothing to do with the word shyness, but it was very annoying, and people didn't want to get close to him when they looked at it.
“你离开陨星五十多年了对吧，那么你是什么时候推荐的学生给炉箭教授？”
"It's been more than fifty years since you left Meteorite, right, so when did you recommend your students to Professor Furnace Arrow?"
“大约三十多年前？”胖巴里也不记得准确时间。 "About thirty years ago?" Fat Barry also can't remember the exact time.
王叶掰着手指计算：“三十多年前，兰道师父那时候还没有被关起来，肯定和炉箭教授有所接触，而且兰道师父很看不上炉箭教授的教学能力，但炉箭一直没有被学校赶走，这说明炉箭还是有一定真才实学的。但……为什么兰道师父从魔画中出来，开始担任学校的教授一职，那人就立刻辞职了？”
Wang Ye folded his fingers and calculated: "More than thirty years ago, Master Landau was not locked up at that time, and he must have had some contact with Professor Furnace Arrow, and Master Landau looked down on Professor Furnace Arrow's teaching ability, but Furnace Arrow has not been driven away by the school, which shows that Furnace Arrow still has a certain amount of real talent." But...... Why did Master Landau come out of the magic painting and start taking the position of professor at the school, and the man immediately resigned? ”
胖巴里看小孩看他，他也一脸莫名其妙：“我不知道，炉箭就没跟我说他辞职的事。”
Fat Barry looked at the child looking at him, and he also looked inexplicable: "I don't know, the furnace arrow didn't tell me about his resignation." ”
王叶只觉得这个胖巴里把日子过得稀里糊涂，更识人不明，看看他结交的都是什么朋友？
Wang Ye only thinks that this fat Barry has lived a confused life, and he doesn't know anyone, look at what kind of friends he has made?
“那么这个炉箭现在在哪里？他不会也在裂隙战场吧？”
"So where is this furnace arrow now? He's not going to be on the Rift Battlefield too, is he? ”
胖巴里：“呃，他在。” Fat Barry: "Well, he's here. ”
王叶：“……” Wang Ye: "......"
胖巴里还在纠结王叶之前说的事：“你说有人要毁灭陨星？是谁？”
Fat Barry was still struggling with what Wang Ye said before: "You said someone wants to destroy the meteorite? Who is it? ”
王叶没好气地道：“就是你那些好朋友和某个组织，包括你自己在内。”
Wang Ye said angrily: "It's your good friends and a certain organization, including yourself." ”
“我？我怎么可能毁灭陨星？！”胖巴里跳起来。 "Me? How could I possibly destroy the meteorites?! Fat Barry jumped up.
王叶哼唧：“你不是有意识的，但因为你的‘好心’，你被人利用得彻底，相当于你也间接成了毁灭陨星的帮凶。”
Wang Ye snorted: "You are not conscious, but because of your 'kindness', you have been completely used by others, which means that you have also indirectly become an accomplice in the destruction of the meteorite." ”
“不！我……”胖巴里不知道该如何辩解，他也不知道这小孩说的是真是假，这位老好人急得额头汗都冒出来了：“我要回陨星，我会好好询问这件事。”
"Nope! I ......" Fat Barry didn't know how to justify, and he didn't know if what the kid said was true or not, and the good old man was so anxious that sweat broke out on his forehead: "I want to go back to the meteorite, and I will inquire about it." ”
“别！”王叶阻止他：“你现在回去，就相当于暴露了。不管是丽莉的家人，还是背后的某个组织，他们一定会迅速消灭和你有关的所有线索。你暂时什么都别做。等会儿你离开，也做出愤怒的样子好了。别人问起来，你就说我冥顽不灵，跟我师父虫老魔一样讨厌。”
"Don't!" Wang Ye stopped him: "If you go back now, it will be equivalent to being exposed." Whether it's Lily's family or some of the organizations behind it, they're sure to quickly wipe out all clues related to you. Don't do anything just yet. When you leave, you'll be angry. When others ask, you say that I am stubborn and as annoying as my master. ”
胖巴里现在已经不怀疑这孩子的天才程度，他只觉得自己在和一个精明聪慧（阴险狡诈）的成年人说话。
Fat Barry no longer doubted the child's genius, he only felt that he was talking to a shrewd and intelligent (and sinister) adult.
但他还有疑虑：“可是……” But he still has doubts: "But ......"
“我知道你急着要和陨星的人联系，把你知道的事情告诉他们。这样吧，我帮你联系陨星的校长或副校长，在这之前，你什么都不要做。”
"I know you're anxious to get in touch with the people of Meteorite and tell them what you know. Well, I'll help you contact the headmaster or vice-principal of Meteorite, and you won't do anything until then. ”
“你能联系到他们？”胖巴里傻傻地问。 "Can you reach them?" Fat Barry asked stupidly.
王叶肯定地道：“当然！”反正他三个师父就要醒了，这事交给他们就好。
Wang Ye said affirmatively: "Of course! "Anyway, his three masters are about to wake up, so just leave this matter to them.
不过虫老显然不适合出面，还是让兰道师父和胖巴里谈吧。
However, the worm elder is obviously not suitable to come forward, so let's let Master Landau talk to Fat Barry.
至于要不要通知校长他们，也看兰道师父他们的判断。 As for whether to inform the principal or not, it also depends on Master Landau's judgment.
总之，他才不要把所有事情都揽到自己身上。 In short, he didn't want to take everything on himself.
如果他真的躲不过去，他就……分派任务，对，就这么做！
If he really can't dodge, he's ...... Assign tasks, yes, do it!
什么样人做什么样事，他的主要任务就是养家养孩子，顺便好好学习争取钱途无量。
What kind of person does what he does, his main task is to support his family and children, and by the way, he studies hard and strives for money.
拯救陨星、拯救精灵族、乃至拯救整个世界这样的伟大事情还是交给别人去做吧。
Saving the Meteor, saving the Elves, and even saving the whole world is something great.
他才十岁！ He's only ten years old!
太操劳长不高怎么办？ What should I do if I work too hard and don't grow tall?
王叶把胖巴里送到门口，正要撤掉结界，胖巴里忽然用力一拍脑门：“看我！差点把重要事忘了。”
Wang Ye sent Fat Barry to the door, and was about to remove the enchantment, when Fat Barry suddenly slapped his head hard: "Look at me!" I almost forgot something important. ”
王叶仰头看他：“什么重要事？” Wang Ye looked up at him: "What's important?" ”
胖巴里又加了一层结界，这才表情凝重地说道：“你说的有人要谋害陨星的事，我知道了，我也会留意。你别看我这样，我好歹也是八级魔法阵大师，而我的综合实力更不比你师父虫老魔弱，我已经是九级法宗，否则我也不会被安排到最前线来。”
Fat Barry added another layer of enchantment, and then said with a solemn expression: "I know what you said about someone plotting to kill the meteor, and I will pay attention to it." Don't look at me like this, I'm also an eighth-level magic array master, and my comprehensive strength is not weaker than your master's worm old demon, I am already a ninth-level magic sect, otherwise I wouldn't have been arranged to the front line. ”
王叶干巴巴地道：“哦，您好了不起。” Wang Ye said dryly: "Oh, you are amazing. ”
胖巴里忍不住敲了敲王叶的脑门，没敲到。 Fat Barry couldn't help but knock on Wang Ye's head, but he didn't knock.
胖巴里摇摇头，跟自己说不要跟这小兔崽子一般见识，这孩子肯定是被虫老魔的毒舌和刻薄给传染了！
Fat Barry shook his head and told himself not to be like this little rabbit, this child must have been infected by the poisonous tongue and meanness of the old devil!
“我来是想警告你，如果有人找你去做什么任务，不要理睬他们。”
"I'm here to warn you that if someone asks you for a task, ignore them."
王叶被这句没头没脑的话搞得一头雾水：“什么任务？为什么他们要找我？”
Wang Ye was confused by this headless sentence: "What task?" Why are they looking for me? ”
明知别人不可能听见，但胖巴里还是下意识压低声音道：“有个任务挂在任务榜上很久了，奖励非常高，另外这个任务本身的价值也非常大。以前很多人都尝试过这个任务，但这些人没有一个回来。”
Knowing that it was impossible for others to hear it, Fat Barry still subconsciously lowered his voice and said: "There is a task that has been hanging on the task list for a long time, the reward is very high, and the value of this task itself is also very large. Many people have tried this quest before, but none of these people have returned. ”
王叶被吊起胃口：“到底是什么任务？” Wang Ye was hung up his appetite: "What kind of task is it?" ”
胖巴里点开自己的身份手镯，找到相关任务榜，把那个任务的详细内容都转发给了王叶。
Fat Barry clicked on his identity bracelet, found the relevant task list, and forwarded the details of that task to Wang Ye.
“本来你们学生是没有资格看到这个任务的。这是贡献值累积到一千点以上才能看到的任务榜。因为你……比较特殊，为了防止你被人带进沟里，我才把这个任务拿给你看，但你不要再把这个任务内容传出去。”
"Originally, you students were not qualified to see this task. This is the task leaderboard that can only be seen when the contribution value has accumulated more than 1,000 points. Because of you...... It's special.,In order to prevent you from being taken into the ditch.,I'm showing you this quest.,But don't pass on the content of this quest again.。 ”
“哦。”王叶开始看这个任务的详细内容。 "Oh." Wang Ye began to look at the details of this task.
虫巢中，疯药王无聊下也凑过来看。一看就道：“原来是这个任务啊，呵呵。”
王叶听到疯药王的嘲讽笑声，就知道这任务有问题。
小云和金宝也过来凑热闹。 Xiaoyun and Jinbao also came over to join in the fun.
小光直接从虫巢中飞出来，落到王叶的头上。 Xiaoguang flew out of the nest and landed on Wang Ye's head.
胖巴里看到一只金色耀眼的美丽昆虫突然出现，还姿态蹁跹地落到小孩头发上，嘴唇动了动，最终没说什么，他能猜出来，这肯定是小孩的战斗伙伴虫。
Fat Barry saw a beautiful golden insect suddenly appear, and it fell on the child's hair in a staggering manner, his lips moved, and finally he didn't say anything, he could guess that this must be the child's combat partner.
虫老魔的弟子，有一只虫子当伙伴，这太正常了。 The disciple of the old demon of the worm has a bug as a partner, which is too normal.
就是这虫子漂亮耀眼得不像话，他从来没有见过同种类的虫子。
It was a bug that was so beautiful and dazzling that he had never seen a bug of the same kind.
小光大约感觉到胖巴里那代表惊艳的目光，特意舒展了下自己的翅膀。
Xiaoguang probably felt Fat Barri's stunning gaze, and deliberately stretched his wings.
王叶可不知道自家虫在他脑袋上作妖，他被这个任务内容完全吸引了。
Wang Ye didn't know that his own worm was a demon on his head, and he was completely attracted to the content of this task.
金宝还不认识太多通用字，就催着疯药王念给他听。 Jin Bao didn't know too many generic words, so he urged the mad medicine king to read it to him.
小云？小云还没接受完树人族的传承，他也不认识太多通用字。
Xiaoyun? Xiao Yun hadn't finished accepting the inheritance of the Treants, and he didn't know too many common words.
疯药王拿两个小文盲没办法，只能一边看一边给两小做解说。
The mad medicine king had no choice but to explain to the two little illiterate people while watching.
该任务内容很简单，就一行字：寻求秘境钥匙。 The content of this quest is very simple, just one line: Seek the Key to the Secret Realm.
但等你看到下面的详细内容，你才知道这个任务有多坑。
But when you see the details below, you will know how pitiful this task is.
胖巴里也做了一些解释，总结起来就是： Fat Barry also made some explanations, which can be summed up as follows:
很早以前有人在裂隙战场发现了一个很奇特的能量旋风带。
A long time ago, someone discovered a very strange whirlwind of energy in the rift battlefield.
这个能量旋风带每十年出现一次，每次出现大约能维持三十天。
This cyclone of energy occurs once every 10 years and lasts for about 30 days at a time.
但出现的地点不固定，空间学大佬说这个能量旋风带很可能经常在转移，根据它以往出现的方位来看，也许再过几百年它就会彻底离开裂隙战场，去往更遥远和未知的宇宙中。
However, the location of its appearance is not fixed, and the space science boss said that this energy whirlwind belt is likely to shift frequently, and according to its previous appearance, it may be a few hundred years before it completely leaves the rift battlefield and goes to a more distant and unknown universe.
那么人们为什么对这个能量旋风带这么感兴趣？ So why are people so interested in this energy whirlwind belt?
就因为人们在这个能量旋风带的风眼中看到了三把貌似秘境钥匙的东西。
It's because people see three things that look like secret keys in the eye of this energy whirlwind belt.
所有人都认为只要拿到旋风眼中的东西，就能被传送到某个秘境中。
Everyone thought that if they got something in the eye of the whirlwind, they could be transported to some secret realm.
偏偏有人竟然眼尖地认出，那三个神秘的东西，其中之一就是龙境的钥匙。
But some people actually recognized those three mysterious things, one of which was the key to the Dragon Realm.
龙！这可是早已从双月星消失，但仍旧有传说和遗迹存在的神奇物种。
Dragon! This is a magical species that has long since disappeared from the Twin Moon Stars, but there are still legends and relics.
这个种族留下了很多传说，他们生活的龙之秘境也最为让人们向往，那可是有真正十一级也就是有神灵出现过的种族。
This race has left a lot of legends, and the secret realm of the dragon they live in is also the most desirable, that is, there is a race with a real eleventh level, that is, a god has appeared.
听说那里药植遍地，十级圣药都能随便捡，就连十一级的神级药材说不定都有。
I heard that there are medicinal plants all over the place, and you can pick up tenth-level holy medicines at will, and even eleventh-level god-level medicinal materials may have them.
但从没有听说有谁能进入龙之秘境。 But I never heard of anyone who could enter the Dragon's Secret Realm.
谁能想到龙之秘境的钥匙竟然出现了！ Who would have thought that the key to the secret realm of the dragon would appear!
虽然不知道对方是怎么认出那就是龙之秘境的钥匙，但只要有一点点希望，人们都不想放弃。
Although I don't know how the other party recognized it as the key to the secret realm of the dragon, as long as there is a little hope, people don't want to give up.
再说，出现在那么神秘的能量旋风带中的东西能简单吗？
Besides, can something that appears in such a mysterious whirlwind of energy be simple?
就算不是进出龙之秘境的钥匙，人们也想获得。 Even if it's not the key to enter and exit the Dragon's Secret Realm, people want to get it.
之后还有传言说，另外两样东西也是秘境钥匙。 Later, it was rumored that the other two things were also secret realm keys.
其中之一通往神之花园，据说那里有突破十一级的契机和关键知识。
One of them leads to the Garden of the Gods, where it is said that there is an opportunity to break through to the eleventh level and key knowledge.
还有一把钥匙，则被传言通往魔界，那个魔法的发祥地，虽然危险，但也同样诱人。
There is also a key that is rumored to lead to the Demon Realm, the birthplace of magic, which is dangerous but equally tempting.
三把秘境钥匙，诱惑十足。 Three keys to the secret realm, full of temptation.
可想要拿到它们，却千难万难。 But it's hard to get them.
经过一次又一次试探，人们最终确定，想要进入能量旋风带拿到那三把钥匙，你至少要精通魔法阵、炼金、魔法符纹、炼药、培植以及魔乐。
After trial and error, it was finally determined that in order to enter the Energy Whirlwind Belt and obtain the three keys, you must at least be proficient in magic array, alchemy, magic runes, alchemy, cultivation, and magic music.
有人说那可以合作啊，找不同专业的人组队，等把钥匙拿出来，再分配就好。
Some people say that you can cooperate, find people from different majors to form a team, and wait for the key to be taken out and then distributed.
可问题就在这里，这个能量旋风带考验的不是一群人，而是一个人。
它只认一个人的精神力。
你进来再多人都没用，考验都是分别来的。
过不了关，直接就被旋风给卷了，自此消失无踪，再也没有下落。
I couldn't pass the level, so I was swept up by the whirlwind, and since then I have disappeared without a trace, and I have never disappeared again.
有人还天真地奢望那些人都进入了秘境，并活在里面。 Some people are still naïve enough to hope that those people have entered the secret realm and lived in it.
但到底如何，谁也不知道。总之，如果只是通过魔法来检测，无论怎样检测都查不到那些人的生命反馈。
But how, no one knows. In short, if it is only detected by magic, no matter how it is detected, it will not be able to detect the life feedback of those people.
“这个任务也被称为不可能完成的任务。甚至有人觉得这就是神灵给大家的考验，想要成神就要精通所有。”胖巴里补充道。
"This task is also known as the impossible task. Some people even think that this is a test for everyone by the gods, and if you want to become a god, you must be proficient in everything. Fat Barry added.
“狗屁！”王叶不屑。 "Bullshit!" Wang Ye was disdainful.
胖巴里也道：“我也觉得这是胡扯，但就是有些人会相信。而且拿到钥匙的奖励很高，任一把钥匙都能换取一枚十级魔晶。”
Fat Barry also said: "I also think it's nonsense, but some people will believe it." And the reward for getting the key is very high, any key can be exchanged for a level 10 magic crystal. ”
“十级魔晶？真的假的？”王叶睁大眼睛。 "Rank 10 magic crystals? Really? Wang Ye's eyes widened.
胖巴里点头：“真的，听说一枚十级魔晶就压在裂隙战场的任务中心，也有人说在佣兵公会总会长手上。因为裂隙战场的任务中心就是佣兵公会建立的。”
Fat Barry nodded: "Really, I heard that a tenth-level magic crystal is pressed in the mission center of the rift battlefield, and some people say that it is in the hands of the head of the mercenary guild." Because the mission center of the rift battlefield was established by the Mercenary Guild. ”
王叶再次感到双月星佣兵公会力量之强大，几乎无处不在，它不是一个政治体系，但显然比任何一个国家都有实力得多。
Wang Ye once again felt that the power of the Twin Moon Star Mercenary Guild was so powerful, almost everywhere, it was not a political system, but it was obviously much more powerful than any country.
“为什么能确定那三样东西就一定是秘境钥匙？还是分别通往龙之秘境、神之花园和魔界？”王叶只觉得这样的骗局，连地球小学生都能看出问题。
"Why are you sure that those three things must be secret keys? Or do they lead to the Dragon's Secret Realm, the Garden of the Gods, and the Demon Realm? Wang Ye only felt that such a scam could even be seen by the elementary school students of the earth.
胖巴里：“大家都不能确定。但得不到的总是最好的，而且还是十年一次，又那么难以取得，那么不管那是不是秘境钥匙，人们都会下意识地认为那三样东西很宝贵，不管它们是什么，先拿到手再说。”
Fat Barry: "No one knows for sure. But what you can't get is always the best, and it's only once every ten years, and it's so difficult to obtain, so whether it's a secret realm key or not, people will subconsciously think that those three things are very valuable, no matter what they are, get their hands on it first. ”
王叶：“……这个能量旋风带是谁先发现的？又是谁先说出那里有龙之秘境的钥匙？”
Wang Ye: "...... Who first discovered this whirlwind of energy? And who first said that there was the key to the secret realm of dragons? ”
“时间太久远，已经没有人记得了。”胖巴里遗憾道。 "It's been so long that no one remembers." Fat Barry regretted.
“那么树人族对这个能量旋风带怎么看？” "So what do the Treants think of this whirlwind of energy?"
“他们似乎也有尝试过，但放弃了。” "They seem to have tried, but gave up."
王叶摇摇头，“傻子才去这里冒险。放心，任谁来找我，我都不会去做这个任务。”
Wang Ye shook his head, "It's a fool to venture here." Rest assured, I won't do this task if anyone comes to me. ”
胖巴里并不放心：“你不止不能答应做这个任务，你也要小心有人来抓你，强行要求你去这个旋风带。正好今年就是第十年，根据某些人的推算，那个旋风带就要出现了，只不过地点还不确定。虽然很多人很清醒，但也有些人非常迷恋这个旋风带，他们为了能拿到那三把钥匙，做过很多疯狂的事，你千万要小心，不要落到那些人的手上。”
Fat Barry was not at ease: "Not only can you not agree to this mission, but you also have to be careful that someone comes to arrest you and forcibly asks you to go to this whirlwind belt." This year marks the tenth year, and according to some people's calculations, the whirlwind belt is about to appear, but the location is not yet certain. Although many people are very sober, there are also people who are very obsessed with this whirlwind belt, and they have done a lot of crazy things to get those three keys, and you must be careful not to fall into the hands of those people. ”
王叶翻白眼：“别给我立flag！” Wang Ye rolled his eyes: "Don't set up a flag for me!" ”
第281章 单天行、藏宝图 Chapter 281: Shan Tianxing, Treasure Map
胖巴里连王叶住旅馆都不放心，再三邀请他去和自己同住。
Fat Barry didn't even feel at ease that Wang Ye would live in a hotel, and repeatedly invited him to live with him.
王叶被他烦得头疼，加上这胖子是真心关心他，就把那个篮子一提，跟他走了。
Wang Ye was annoyed by him and had a headache, and the fat man really cared about him, so he picked up the basket and left with him.
胖巴里：“你哥呢？” Fat Barry: "Where's your brother?" ”
王叶：“不管我到哪儿，他都会找到我。” Wang Ye: "No matter where I go, he will find me." ”
胖巴里走出旅馆时还特意朝周围扫视一圈。 Fat Barry deliberately glanced around as he walked out of the hotel.
埋伏在暗中的人不由在心中暗骂，这个死胖子真的太喜欢多管闲事了！
The person who was ambushed in the dark couldn't help but curse in his heart, this dead fat man really likes to meddle too much!
“不是说他和虫老魔有仇吗？”有人嘀咕。 "Didn't you say that he had a grudge against the old demon of worms?" Someone muttered.
“可他也是陨星人。”一道低沉的声音响起。 "But he's also a meteorite." A deep voice rang out.
“哎？”说话的人转头。 "Huh?" The person who spoke turned his head.
一个穿着黑袍的人站在阴影中，阴森森道：“敢动我们陨星的学生，问过我们陨星的人了吗？”
A man in a black robe stood in the shadows and said gloomily: "The students who dare to touch our meteorite have asked the people of our meteorite?" ”
卧槽！埋伏的人拔腿就要跑，但周围空间被封锁了。 it! The ambushers were about to run, but the surrounding space was blocked.
旅馆附近展开了几场小型打斗，不过这完全没有影响到胖巴里和王叶。
There were several small fights near the hotel, but this did not affect Fat Barry and Wang Ye at all.
王叶当晚就在胖巴里家里睡了个好觉。 Wang Ye had a good night's sleep at Fat Barry's house.
而陨星护崽的名声当晚就在整个裂隙战场又传了一遍，更有陨星的大佬放话，敢对陨星学生下手就是跟所有陨星人过不去。
And the reputation of the Meteorite Guardian Cub spread again in the entire rift battlefield that night, and even the big boss of the Meteorite said that if he dared to attack the Meteorite students, he would not be able to get along with all the Meteorite people.
嗯，不管如何，想要对包括王叶在内的陨星学生下手的人都要多想想了。
Well, no matter what, anyone who wants to attack the Meteorite students, including Wang Ye, should think about it more.
但也有些人明知山有虎偏向虎山行，利益足够大的时候，会把理智燃烧殆尽。
But there are also some people who know that there are tigers in the mountains and prefer tigers in the mountains, and when the interests are big enough, they will burn their reason to the ground.
次日一大早，王叶起来就看到雷木在厨房煎鸡蛋。 Early the next morning, Wang Ye got up and saw Lei Mu frying eggs in the kitchen.
“你昨晚没睡吗？”王叶跳到雷木背上。 "Didn't you sleep last night?" Wang Ye jumped on Lei Mu's back.
“对我来说，几个晚上不睡不算什么。”雷木单手托住他，另一只手特别熟练地颠锅给煎蛋来了个漂亮的翻身。
"For me, a few nights without sleep is nothing." Raimu held him with one hand, and with the other hand, he skillfully turned the omelette into a beautiful turn.
“进展不错？”王叶手指一挑，几个盘子乖乖地排列到料理台上。
"Good progress?" Wang Ye picked his fingers, and several plates were obediently arranged on the cooking table.
“还行。靳蜘蛛不愧是圣级炼金大宗师，他似乎已经摸到一点头绪，而我几乎看不懂。”雷木背着大宝宝王小叶进了餐厅。
"It's ok. Jin Spider is worthy of being a saint-level alchemy grand master, he seems to have already figured out a little clue, and I can barely understand it. Lei Mu carried the big baby Wang Xiaoye into the restaurant.
“他到底是圣级，知识累积到一定程度就可以触类旁通。你不比他差，只是缺少积累的时间。”王叶勾了勾手指，身后跟了一排装了食物的盘子。
"He is a saint in the end, and he can be touched by accumulating knowledge to a certain extent. You're no worse than him, you just lack the time to accumulate. Wang Ye hooked his fingers, followed by a row of plates filled with food.
小云吧嗒吧嗒地推门进屋，没看到金宝，立刻拔腿就往楼上跑。
Xiaoyun clicked the door and entered the house, but he didn't see Jinbao, so he immediately pulled out his legs and ran upstairs.
小光姿态优雅地从窗户里飞进来，落到餐桌一边。 Xiaoguang gracefully flew in through the window and landed on the side of the dining table.
疯药王没过来，他还在守着那个塔塔拉族。王叶敢打赌，那个老疯子肯定已经动了人家的毛发角质层之类，让疯药王忍住不研究一个活的瘤背怪，那是不可能的。
The Mad Medicine King didn't come, he was still guarding the Tatara clan. Wang Ye bet that the old madman must have moved other people's hair cuticles and the like, so that the mad medicine king couldn't resist not studying a living tumor-backed monster, it was impossible.
小云从王叶的被窝里把呼呼大睡的金宝揪了下来。 Xiao Yun pulled down the sleeping Jin Bao from Wang Ye's bed.
金宝趴在小云胳膊上一副还没睡醒的模样，但等闻到食物的香味，瞬间就精神起来。
Jinbao lay on Xiaoyun's arm and looked like he hadn't woken up yet, but when he smelled the smell of food, he instantly became energetic.
“叽叽！” "Tsk!"
“去刷牙！”王叶板脸。 "Go brush your teeth!" Wang Yeban face.
金宝不理他，没听过精灵幼崽要刷牙的，麻烦！ Jinbao ignored him, he hadn't heard of the elf cubs brushing their teeth, trouble!
雷木笑，拎起金宝带他去漱口。 Lei Mu smiled, picked up Jinbao and took him to rinse his mouth.
小云很高兴自己没有幻化出嘴巴，不用每天早晚增加刷牙这个步骤。
Xiaoyun is glad that he didn't conjure up his mouth, and he didn't need to add the step of brushing his teeth every morning and evening.
小光假装自己没有听见，他是一只虫，谁也不能让一只虫子去刷牙。
Xiaoguang pretended not to hear, he was a worm, and no one could let a bug brush his teeth.
一家子跟往常一样热热闹闹地吃了一顿早饭。 The family had a lively breakfast as usual.
等到胖巴里来叫王叶起床，就见王叶已经全部收拾好，他哥雷木就站在他身边，一只耀眼的美丽虫在他们身边飞来飞去。
When Fat Barry came to wake Wang Ye up, he saw that Wang Ye had all been cleaned up, and his brother Lei Mu was standing beside him, and a dazzling beautiful insect was flying around them.
胖巴里挑了挑眉，他家可是有一层又一层的防守魔法阵，这孩子是怎么进来的？
Fat Barry raised his eyebrows, his house has layers of defensive magic arrays, how did this kid get in?
“大师早，我弟让您费心了。”雷木深觉自从他跟王叶拜了把子后，自己的礼貌就上了两三层。
"Master early, my brother has bothered you." Lei Mu felt that since he bowed to Wang Ye, his politeness had increased by two or three levels.
以前他最不耐烦跟人寒暄，也不怎么喜欢和人打交道，但因为小叶子还小，他不可能什么事都让小叶子顶在前面，就自然而然接手了家里的外交任务。
In the past, he was the most impatient to greet people, and he didn't like to deal with people very much, but because Xiao Yezi was still young, he couldn't let Xiao Ye be in front of everything, so he naturally took over the diplomatic task at home.
雷木还没有注意到，他和王叶两人正在互相感染和影响，两人都在变化。一个从重生归来戾气满身的桀骜青年逐渐变得更像一个有人疼宠的真正孩童，另一个则从孤僻内冷宛如独行杀手一般的感情荒漠者变得更加沉稳大气有担当。
Lei Mu hadn't noticed that he and Wang Ye were infecting and influencing each other, and both of them were changing. One is a rebellious young man who returns from rebirth, and gradually becomes more like a real child who is pampered, and the other has become more calm and responsible.
但这种变化显然是正面的，因为两人都感到了以前从没有过的满满的幸福。
But the change was clearly positive, as both felt a sense of happiness that they had never felt before.
胖巴里揉了揉眉头，好脾气地笑笑，把问题咽下：“吃早饭吧，吃过早饭送你们去车站，等上了车，到了安全区，你们就安全了。另外，我已经联系了这边的陨星人，他们有人也要去安全区，今天会和你们一起上车。你们不需要知道他们是谁，你们没有危险，他们也不会出现，也可能会穿黑袍，看他们心情。”
Fat Barry rubbed his brows, smiled good-naturedly, and swallowed the question: "Let's have breakfast, I'll send you to the station after breakfast, wait for the train, and when you get to the safe zone, you'll be safe." In addition, I have contacted the meteorites here, and some of them are going to the safe zone as well, and they will be in the car with you today. You don't need to know who they are, you're not in danger, they won't show up, they may wear black robes, depending on their mood. ”
王叶和雷木互看。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu looked at each other.
他们还不知道昨晚旅馆外发生的事情，但此刻他们确实感觉到有一个超级护崽还超级强大的学校（后台）是有多棒。
They don't know what happened outside the hotel last night, but at the moment they do feel how great it is to have a school (backstage) with super cubs and super strong.
也怪不得陨星人为自己是陨星人而骄傲，换了他们，也愿意守护这样的陨星。
It's no wonder that meteorites are proud of being meteorites, and they are willing to protect such meteorites after replacing them.
婉拒了胖巴里的早饭，两人跟着胖巴里来到了车站。 Declined Fat Barry's breakfast, and the two followed Fat Barry to the station.
不一会儿，有两个黑袍人走过来。 After a while, two black-robed men walked over.
胖巴里对那两名黑袍人点了点头。 Fat Barry nodded to the two black-robed men.
王叶和雷木也向他们行了战士礼。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu also saluted them.
两名黑袍人的脸都隐藏在大兜帽中，但王叶和雷木都感觉到两人在看自己。
The faces of the two black-robed men were hidden in the big hoods, but both Wang Ye and Lei Mu felt that the two of them were looking at them.
黑色的魔法列车从空中落下，就在这一刻，车站忽然多了好些人。
The black magic train fell from the sky, and at this moment, there were suddenly many more people at the station.
不过这种情况也很正常，超凡者们大多不耐烦等待，他们很多人都有本事掐点到达。
However, this situation is also normal, most of the transcendents are impatient to wait, and many of them have the ability to reach the point.
胖巴里目送王叶和雷木走入列车，那两名黑袍人紧跟其后。
Fat Barry watched Wang Ye and Lei Mu walk into the train, and the two black-robed men followed closely behind.
随后其他人也走入另外一扇打开的车门中。 Then the others stepped into another open door.
车门关闭，列车腾空飞起。 The doors close and the train takes off.
就在这一瞬间，胖巴里突然伸手像是要去抓飞起的列车。
At this moment, Fat Barry suddenly reached out as if to grab the flying train.
但来不及了。 But it was too late.
半空忽然裂开一道巨大的裂口，把整辆列车都吞了进去。
A huge crack suddenly opened in mid-air, swallowing the entire train.
这个过程非常快，让胖巴里和路上的任何人都没能及时拉住列车。
The process was so fast that Fat Barry and anyone on the road didn't get to hold the train in time.
列车消失，那道裂口也跟着消失。 The train vanished, and so did the rift.
胖巴里的脸色变得极度难看。 Fat Barry's face became extremely ugly.
他没想到，他防了一个晚上，也防备了一路，结果却是在最不应该出问题的列车上出了问题！
He didn't expect that he had been on guard for a night and all the way, but it turned out that there was a problem on the train that shouldn't have a problem!
一辆魔法列车消失，这事可不小。 The disappearance of a magic train is no small thing.
消息立刻传上去暂且不提，也不说胖巴里是如何焦急联系陨星高层。
The news immediately spread and I didn't mention it for the time being, and I didn't say how Fat Barry was anxious to contact the top management of the meteorite.
列车被裂口吞噬的瞬间，列车中的大多数人都有所感地或站了起来，或迅速放出自己的精神力探查情况，还有些人直接就给自己上了几道保护措施。
The moment the train was swallowed by the rift, most of the people in the train either stood up with feeling, or quickly released their spiritual power to probe the situation, and some people directly put a few protective measures on themselves.
王叶看到坐在他隔壁的一个青年慢条斯理地拿出一张卷轴。
Wang Ye saw a young man sitting next to him slowly and methodically take out a scroll.
那青年还冲着王叶笑着说：“别担心，这列车的防护力量达到九级，一般手段根本不能伤害到它，更别说打开它。”
The young man also smiled at Wang Ye and said, "Don't worry, the protective power of this train has reached level nine, and ordinary means can't hurt it at all, let alone open it." ”
“唰！”车门打开了，一股冷风灌入车内。 "Huh!" The doors opened, and a cold air poured into the car.
青年瞬间握紧卷轴，人也站了起来。 The young man instantly clenched the scroll, and the man stood up.
那两名跟在王叶和雷木身后进入车厢的黑袍人对两人做了个手势，意思是让他们不要乱动。
The two black-robed men who followed Wang Ye and Lei Mu into the carriage made a gesture to the two, meaning to tell them not to move.
两黑袍人一左一右站到了两人身边。 Two black-robed men stood beside them, one on the left and one on the right.
那名青年盯着打开的车厢门，咕咚咽了口口水。 The young man stared at the open door and swallowed.
车门外，一片幽黑。 Outside the car door, it was dark.
王叶没有半点紧张之心，他还有闲心跟雷木低语：“我们是来这里学习的不是吗？结果呢，到了这里后，我们就一直在打工，虽然前两个月还算学了一点东西，但后面就太坑了。老头他们给我布置的作业我都没时间写。”
Wang Ye didn't have the slightest nervousness, he still had the leisure to whisper to Lei Mu: "We're here to study, aren't we?" As a result, after arriving here, we have been working part-time, although we have learned a little bit in the first two months, but the latter is too pitiful. I didn't even have time to write the homework they gave me. ”
雷木摸摸他的脑袋：“别担心，虫老他们会理解的。” Lei Mu touched his head: "Don't worry, the worm elders will understand." ”
王叶耸耸肩：“我只是觉得作为一个学生就应该好好学习，而不应该在其他事情上浪费太多精力。”
Wang Ye shrugged: "I just think that as a student, you should study hard and not waste too much energy on other things." ”
王叶刚说完这句话，左右眼皮就轮着跳了跳。 As soon as Wang Ye finished saying this, his left and right eyelids jumped in turn.
这种不妙感！ This is a bad feeling!
王叶抓紧了雷木的手。 Wang Ye grabbed Lei Mu's hand.
雷木感觉到了王叶的紧张，诧异地看向他，小叶子一向心大，紧张的时候真不多，而且他刚刚还很放松。
Lei Mu felt Wang Ye's nervousness, and looked at him in surprise, Xiao Yezi has always had a big heart, there are really not many times when he is nervous, and he was very relaxed just now.
“轰！” "Boom!"
一声巨大的爆炸声响，整节车厢都晃了晃。 There was a loud explosion, and the whole carriage shook.
“隔壁好像打起来了。”紧握卷轴的青年飞快道。 "It looks like there's a fight next door." The young man holding the scroll flew fast.
王叶也对雷木低语：“目标会是我们吗？” Wang Ye also whispered to Lei Mu: "Will the target be us?" ”
雷木还没回答，黑袍人之一听到，回道：“不像是。手笔太大了，而且没必要攻击其他节车厢的乘客。”
Before Lei Mu could answer, one of the black-robed people heard it and replied, "It's not like it." It's too big, and there's no need to attack the passengers of the other cars. ”
“这么说我们是被卷进别人的麻烦中了？怎么会这么巧？”王叶迅速打开因果卷。
"So we're getting caught up in someone else's trouble? How could it be such a coincidence? Wang Ye quickly opened the cause and effect scroll.
他看到了几个被标红的名字，有人想要对他动手，但还没有施行。
He saw several names marked in red, and someone wanted to do something to him, but they hadn't done it yet.
看来真的是巧合。 It really seems to be a coincidence.
这节车厢的客人不多，有人站到窗口向外看，对众人道：“外面不是原本的航行路线，我们似乎被传送到一个山谷中了。”
There were not many guests in this carriage, and someone stood at the window and looked out, and said to everyone: "Outside is not the original sailing route, we seem to have been transported into a valley." ”
“出去看看？” "Go out and see?"
所有人都看着打开的车门，左边车窗外明明是明亮的山谷，可右边车门外却一片幽黑，还有冷风不停灌入。
Everyone looked at the open car door, and outside the left window was a bright valley, but outside the right door was dark, and the cold wind kept pouring in.
有人打开了左边车窗。 Someone opened the left window.
车窗外，还是山谷，景色没有任何变化。 Outside the car window, or the valley, the view has not changed at all.
但车厢内的乘客没有一个打算从车窗出去。 But none of the passengers in the carriage intended to go out of the window.
王叶也回身打开了他们这边的车窗。 Wang Ye also turned around and opened the window of the car on their side.
果然不正常，没有一丝风，连空气似乎都感觉不到，外面也没有任何声音传进来。
Sure enough, it was not normal, there was not a trace of wind, not even the air seemed to be felt, and there was no sound coming in from outside.
对比车窗外的山谷，反倒是车门外的幽黑一片和呼呼风声更有生机。
旁边车厢的打斗越来越厉害，哐一声，通道车门打开，一名少年逃入这节车厢，并试图关上通道车门。
但他试了几次，车门都没能关上，似乎对面有一股力量拉住了车门。
But he tried several times, but the door failed to close, and it seemed that there was a force pulling the door from the other side.
车厢内一名魔法师打扮的乘客上前，推开那名少年，拿出魔武对着那节车厢内部用力一劈。
A passenger dressed as a magician stepped forward in the carriage, pushed the boy away, and took out his magic weapon and slashed at the inside of the carriage.
刺耳的尖叫声传来，同时通道车门也唰的一声合上。 A shrill scream was heard, and the doorway door slammed shut.
少年长长吐气，脚步踉跄地靠到车厢壁上。
“谢谢。”少年对出手的魔法师行礼。
魔法师皱眉问：“什么情况？” The magician frowned and asked, "What's the situation?" ”
少年似乎不知道该如何回答，喉咙动了两次，才说道：“有人追杀我，他们应该是认错人了。”
The boy didn't seem to know how to answer, and his throat moved twice before he said, "Someone is chasing me, they should have recognized the wrong person." ”
王叶盯着那名少年，竟然觉得对方有点眼熟。 Wang Ye stared at the young man, and actually felt that the other party was a little familiar.
尤其对方还穿着陨星学校的校服。 Especially when the other party is still wearing the school uniform of the Falling Star School.
这批过来的陨星学生中有这么一个人吗？ Is there such a person in this group of Meteorite students?
王叶还在想这人是谁，就听雷木低声跟他道：“这不是跟你买了藏宝图的那个少年吗？”
“啊，是那小子！”王叶终于想起了这个少年是谁。
他还记得在因果卷上看到的少年的身份底细。 He still remembered the details of the boy's identity that he had seen on the cause and effect scroll.
单天行，随母姓，父亲是春木上国皇室成员，却隐瞒身份离开春木上国，在外面娶妻生子，两年前神秘死亡。
Shan Tianxing, with his mother's surname, his father is a member of the royal family of Chunmu Shangguo, but he left Chunmu Shangguo without concealing his identity, marrying a wife and having children outside, and died mysteriously two years ago.
又是春木上国，还是陨星学生，还和他本人产生过联系。
It's Haruki again, and he's still a student of Meteorite, and he's also in contact with himself.
很好！在他发现某个组织对陨星越来越多的阴谋后，围绕陨星被毁事件的相关者也一个个被他“吸引”到他身边。
Very good! After he discovered more and more conspiracies against meteorites by a certain organization, the people involved in the destruction of meteorites were also "attracted" to him one by one.
或者该反过来说，他被吸引到了这些相关者的身边。 Or, to put it the other way around, he was drawn to the people involved.
这绝不是什么偶然。 This is no accident.
在他第一天踏足陨星的地盘，在他成为陨星的学生，在他和陨星的关系日益深刻后，接下来发生的事就都成了必然。
On his first day on the territory of the meteorite, after he became a student of the meteorite, and after his relationship with the meteorite became more and more profound, what happened next became inevitable.
单天行没有立刻认出他们，但看他们身上的陨星校服，立刻就感到了亲切，并用最快速度跑到两人身边。
Shan Tianxing didn't recognize them immediately, but when he looked at the meteorite school uniforms on their bodies, he immediately felt cordial, and ran to the two of them as fast as he could.
“嗨，你们好。”单天行先跟两人打招呼。 "Hi, hello." Shan Tianxing greeted the two first.
王叶眯眼看着这少年，故意大声道：“喂，你是暴露了藏宝图还是找到了藏宝，所以被人追杀的吗？”
Wang Ye squinted at the young man and said loudly deliberately: "Hey, did you expose the treasure map or found the hidden treasure, so you were hunted down?" ”
单天行的脸色一瞬间变得苍白，他看向王叶的眼神像是要杀人，又像是极度惊讶。
Shan Tianxing's face turned pale in an instant, and he looked at Wang Ye with a look in his eyes as if he was about to kill, and as if he was extremely surprised.
“你……”单天行脑中闪过一个小孩的身影，他手指王叶，不可置信地道：“你是那个摸箱子摸到藏宝图的小鬼！”
"You ......" Shan Tianxing's mind flashed the figure of a child, he pointed at Wang Ye, and said in disbelief: "You are the little ghost who touched the box and touched the treasure map!" ”
“小鬼你真不礼貌，遇到把藏宝图一个金币就卖给你的恩人，你就这种态度？”王叶抱臂。
"Little ghost, you are really rude, when you meet a benefactor who sells you a gold coin for a treasure map, you have this attitude?" Wang Ye hugged his arms.
“恩人？就你？”单天行差点气岔气，这个小混蛋一口道破藏宝图的事，惹得这节车厢的乘客都在打量他，现在还敢自称是他恩人？
"Benefactor? Just you? Shan Tianxing almost got angry, this little bastard broke the treasure map, so that the passengers in this carriage were looking at him, and now he dares to claim to be his benefactor?
王叶却歪头道：“你不认识我？看来你不是这批一起来的天才。我看你也不像天才，演个戏都演得特别假。”
Wang Ye tilted his head and said, "You don't know me?" It seems that you are not the genius of this group of people who came together. I don't think you look like a genius, and you act very fakely. ”
单天行：“……” Single-day travel: "......"
王叶好奇：“你没有通过选拔，那你是怎么来到裂隙战场的？还跑到了前线？难道那张藏宝图的藏宝地点就在裂隙战场？”
Wang Ye was curious: "You didn't pass the selection, so how did you come to the rift battlefield?" And ran to the front? Could it be that the treasure map is hidden in the Rift Battlefield? ”
单天行忍不住了：“你能不能不要一口一个藏宝图？我都跟你说了，那根本不是真的藏宝图，只是我父亲当初为了赚生活费才弄出来的作品。”
Shan Tianxing couldn't help it: "Can you not take a treasure map in one bite?" As I told you, it's not really a treasure map at all, it's just a work that my father made to earn money for his living expenses. ”
王叶无所谓道：“哦，你说不是就不是吧。所以你是找到其他藏宝图才来到裂隙战场的吗？”
Wang Ye said indifferently: "Oh, if you say no, it's not." So you found other treasure maps before coming to the Rift Battlefield? ”
喷笑声响起。 Laughter rang out.
单天行气得不想和这个小混蛋说话。 Shan Tianxing was so angry that he didn't want to talk to this little bastard.
雷木揉了揉王小叶的脑袋，淡淡道：“我弟不是在为难你，他是在帮助你。这辆列车会出事，显然和你有莫大关系，隔壁车厢还有人追杀你，如果不是你身上的陨星校服，有前辈看在同是陨星人的份上在保护你，追杀者早就闯进这节车厢。但没有人愿意平白把别人的恩怨承担到自己身上，长辈也不代表必须要给小辈擦屁股。你惹来麻烦，总要告诉别人，这个麻烦是什么吧？”
Lei Mu rubbed Wang Xiaoye's head and said lightly: "My brother is not trying to embarrass you, he is helping you." This train will have an accident, obviously it has a lot to do with you, there are people chasing you in the next car, if it weren't for the meteorite school uniform on your body, there are seniors who are protecting you for the sake of the same meteorite, and the pursuers would have broken into this carriage a long time ago. But no one is willing to take the grievances of others on themselves, and the elders do not mean that they have to wipe the butts of the juniors. When you get into trouble, you have to tell others, what is this trouble, right? ”
一名战士笑着响应：“这节车厢内有你们陨星的前辈在，我们这些外人就不多说什么了。但这位兄弟说得不错，你已经把我们都卷入你的麻烦中，就是为了弄清敌人是谁，以及现在是个什么情况，你也得有所交代。隐瞒对于现在的你来说，可不是什么好事。”
One of the warriors replied with a smile: "There are your meteorite predecessors in this carriage, so we outsiders won't say much." But this brother is right, you have drawn us all into your troubles, just to find out who the enemy is, and what the situation is, and you have to give an account. Concealment is not a good thing for you now. ”
陨星前辈没有插话，他们显然认可了雷木所言。因为他们十分清楚，就算王叶现在不说出藏宝图的事，那些追杀者在得不到那个少年的情况下，会帮助隐瞒消息吗？
The Meteorite seniors didn't interject, they obviously agreed with what Reimu said. Because they knew very well that even if Wang Ye didn't tell the treasure map now, would those pursuers help hide the news if they couldn't get that young man?
与其到时候惹得众乘客互相猜忌，并站到陨星的对立面，还不如现在就把事情说清楚。
Rather than provoke the passengers to be suspicious of each other and stand on the opposite side of the meteorite, it is better to make things clear now.
而且小小的王叶出面询问单天行，还可以让紧张的气氛降到最低。这可是只有孩子才具有的天然优势，大人一般也不好意思抢小孩子的东西。
Moreover, the little Wang Ye came forward to ask Shan Tianxing, which can also minimize the tense atmosphere. This is a natural advantage that only children have, and adults are generally embarrassed to snatch children's things.
如果真有宝藏且是重宝，那再说，大不了各凭本事取呗。
If there is really a treasure and it is a heavy treasure, then besides, it is a big deal to take it according to their ability.
单天行看看那两名站在王叶和雷木身边的黑袍人，再看看车厢中其他乘客，握紧双拳，深吸气。
Shan Tianxing looked at the two black-robed people standing beside Wang Ye and Lei Mu, and then looked at the other passengers in the carriage, clenched his fists, and took a deep breath.
“好，我说。” "Okay, I said."
按照单天行的说法，他在他父亲曾经的好友的帮助下，主要是以那张藏宝图做条件，作为其助手一起来到了裂隙战场。
According to Shan Tianxing, with the help of his father's former friends, he came to the Rift Battlefield as his assistant, mainly on the condition of the treasure map.
而那张藏宝图的藏宝地点确实就在裂隙战场，而且指出的地点是非常有名的一个地方。
And the location of the treasure map is indeed on the Rift Battlefield, and the location pointed out is a very famous place.
“就是那个十年才出现一次的能量旋风带。”单天行眼看隐瞒不过去，而且他手中的藏宝图已经被人夺走，身份也已经暴露，如果今天他不在这里说实话，被另一帮人抓到，他一样没有好果子吃。
"It's the energy whirlwind that only appears once in ten years." Shan Tianxing can't hide it, and the treasure map in his hand has been taken away, and his identity has been exposed, if he doesn't tell the truth here today and is caught by another gang, he will have no good fruit to eat.
还不如把情况能说的都说出去，把这滩水搅得更混，说不定他还有机会弄到一点好处。
It's better to say everything that can be said about the situation, and make this puddle of water even more muddy, maybe he still has a chance to get a little benefit.
“你家那个藏宝图的作用就是只指向能量旋风带？应该不止吧？如果只是这样，隔壁车厢的人根本没必要追杀你。你是不是知道如何更简单地进入那个旋风带，甚至是简单得到那三把秘境钥匙的方法？”王叶这番话简直拉足了单天行的仇恨。
"The purpose of that treasure map in your house is to only point to the energy whirlwind belt? It should be more than that, right? If that's all there is to it, there's no need for the person in the next car to chase you. Do you know how to enter that whirlwind belt more easily, or even a simple way to get those three secret realm keys? Wang Ye's words simply pulled up the hatred of Shan Tianxing.
单天行发誓自己从没有看过这么让人想要暴揍的小鬼。为什么他总是能抓住关键，还脚脚都踩在别人的要害上？
Shan Tianxing swore that he had never seen such a little ghost who wanted to be beaten up. Why does he always grasp the key and step on the key points of others?
车厢里的乘客全都竖起了耳朵。 The passengers in the carriage all pricked up their ears.
今天他们是不幸的，但也是幸运的。 Today they are unlucky, but also lucky.
谁能想到一场灾祸连接的竟然是那能量旋风带的相关消息？
Who would have thought that a catastrophe would be connected to the news of the energy whirlwind?
这简直就是送上门的福缘。 This is simply a blessing sent to the door.
当然，是否是福缘，还得先解决掉隔壁车厢的追杀者，以及搞清楚车厢外面的环境到底是怎么回事。
Of course, whether it is a fortune or not, you have to deal with the pursuers in the next carriage first, and figure out what the environment outside the carriage is all about.
一名黑袍人对单天行招手，语音还算温和地道：“来，坐下慢慢说。是你的就是你的，没人能夺走。但如果你没有能力守护住，也不用强求。我们先把事情搞明白，你现在有二十分钟的时间。”
A black-robed man beckoned to Shan Tianxing, and said in a gentle voice: "Come, sit down and speak slowly." What is yours is yours, and no one can take it away. But if you can't afford it, don't force it. Let's get things figured out first, you now have twenty minutes. ”
王叶看向雷木。 Wang Ye looked at Lei Mu.
雷木捏了捏他的手心表示明白。 Remu squeezed his palm in understanding.
这辆列车加两位黑袍人的力量，大概还能守护他们二十分钟，所以他们必须在二十分钟内搞清楚现在的情况。
This train and the strength of the two black-robed men can probably protect them for twenty minutes, so they must figure out the current situation within twenty minutes.
王叶虽然可以在保护力量撤除后，把车中人都转入他的虫巢隔离起来，但他的内心深处却有一个声音在警告他不要这么做，同时他还预感到有一个极为可怕的危险正在一步步逼近他们。
Although Wang Ye could transfer all the people in the car to his hive and isolate them after the protective force was removed, there was a voice in his heart warning him not to do so, and at the same time, he also had a premonition that an extremely terrible danger was approaching them step by step.
王叶看向自己的汗毛，正微微竖起。 Wang Ye looked at his hair, which stood up slightly.
他再次看向因果卷，但因果卷也不是万能，有些还没发生的危险它也不能提前告诉他。
He looked at the Cause and Effect Scroll again, but the Cause and Effect Scroll was not omnipotent, and it could not tell him in advance about some dangers that had not yet occurred.
他现在会有所感觉，完全就是凭借两世人生经验累积出来的直觉。
He felt something now, and it was all an instinct that he had accumulated from the experience of two lifetimes.
单天行在那名黑袍人对面坐下。 Shan Tianxing sat down across from the black-robed man.
其他人没有靠近，车中乘客都是超凡者，只要单天行和黑袍人没有布置隔音结界，所有人都能听到他们在说什么。
The others didn't come closer, and the passengers in the car were all transcendental, as long as Shan Tianxing and the black-robed man didn't set up a soundproof barrier, everyone could hear what they were saying.
单天行舔了舔嘴唇，整理了语言顺序，说出了重要信息的第一句：“是的，我父亲留给我的那张藏宝图不止告诉我藏宝地点在裂隙战场，它还指明了进入能量旋风带的正确时间和正确方法。”
Shan Tianxing licked his lips, sorted out the order of words, and said the first sentence of important information: "Yes, the treasure map that my father left me not only tells me that the treasure location is in the rift battlefield, it also indicates the right time and the right way to enter the energy whirlwind belt. ”
此言一出，车厢内乘客们皆心生狂喜。 As soon as these words came out, the passengers in the carriage were ecstatic.
王叶却嘀咕道：“那藏宝图明明是从我手上骗走的，还只给了一个金币。”
Wang Ye muttered, "The treasure map was obviously deceived from me, and only one gold coin was given." ”
单天行额头蹦出青筋。 Shan Tianxing's forehead popped out of green tendons.
黑袍人忍笑，对单天行道：“不用理那小捣蛋，你继续。”
The black-robed man couldn't help but smile and said to Shan Tianxing: "Don't pay attention to that little trickster, you continue." ”
第282章 被卷入 Chapter 282: Involved
单天行接下来说了藏宝图最大一个功用：“能量旋风带里面的方向是混乱的，就算是超凡者也没办法在里面正确判断方向，而藏宝图具有指路功能，只有带着藏宝图进入旋风带才能找到正确的前进方向。”
Shan Tianxing went on to say that the biggest function of the treasure map was: "The direction inside the energy whirlwind belt is chaotic, even if it is an extraordinary person, there is no way to correctly judge the direction inside, and the treasure map has a guiding function, and only by entering the whirlwind belt with the treasure map can you find the correct direction of progress." ”
“但现在那张藏宝图已经被人抢走。”单天行垂下眼睑。
"But now that treasure map has been snatched away." Single-day line lowers the eyelids.
黑袍人手指轻轻敲了敲桌面，问道：“如果你的藏宝图已经被人抢走，那隔壁车厢的人为什么还要追杀你？”
The black-robed man tapped his fingers lightly on the table and asked, "If your treasure map has been snatched away, why do the people in the next carriage still chase you?" ”
单天行在编个谎言还是说真话之间犹豫了两秒，但在抬头看到黑袍人那兜帽中的一团黑暗时，心脏一颤，最终选择了说真话。
Shan Tianxing hesitated for two seconds between making up a lie or telling the truth, but when he looked up and saw the darkness in the hood of the black-robed man, his heart trembled, and he finally chose to tell the truth.
“那张藏宝图需要一句咒语以及我这个人才能激活，否则带到旋风带中也没有任何用处。”单天行特意加重语气道：“必须是活人，那张藏宝图必须拿在我手上才有效果。”
"That treasure map needs a spell and me to activate, otherwise it wouldn't be of any use to bring it to the whirlwind." Shan Tianxing deliberately accentuated his tone and said: "It must be a living person, and that treasure map must be held in my hand to have an effect." ”
这也是单天行敢和他父亲的友人合作的原因，他不怕对方甩开他，因为没有他，对方拿到藏宝图也没用。
This is also the reason why Shan Tianxing dares to cooperate with his father's friends, he is not afraid that the other party will get rid of him, because without him, it is useless for the other party to get the treasure map.
但也许春木上国的某些人一直在留意他的行踪，也许是他父亲的那个友人不小心泄露了消息，总之，有人盯上了他们，因为他把藏宝图交给了父亲的友人，对方被杀死，藏宝图被夺走。
But maybe some people in Haruki Kamikoku have been keeping an eye on him, maybe his father's friend accidentally leaked the news, in short, someone is eyeing them because he gave the treasure map to his father's friend, who was killed and the treasure map was taken away.
但那人临死前被人拷问灵魂，说出了藏宝图需要加上他这个活口才有效用的秘密。那些人就来追捕他了。
But before he died, the man's soul was tortured, and the secret of the treasure map needed to be added to his living eloquence to be effective. And they came after him.
如果不是他们想要抓到活口，以他的实力早就死在那些人手上。
If they hadn't wanted to catch them alive, he would have died at the hands of those people with his strength.
也幸亏他父亲给他留了一些保命的东西，加上他陨星学校学生的身份也给了他不少保护，前段时间他就听到裂隙战场的陨星大佬放出话，说让人不准动他们陨星的学生。
Fortunately, his father left him some life-saving things, and his status as a student of the Meteorite School also gave him a lot of protection, and some time ago he heard the Meteorite boss of the Rift Battlefield release a word, saying that people were not allowed to touch their meteorite students.
虽说陨星大佬们是很护崽，但以前也没这么夸张过，后来他才偶尔听说大佬们会放话，据说是和陨星这届出了一个超级天才有关。
Although the Falling Star bosses are very protective of cubs, they have never been so exaggerated before, and later he occasionally heard that the big guys will talk, which is said to be related to the fact that the Falling Star has produced a super genius this year.
那超级天才还来到了裂隙战场，并且失踪了，惹得陨星大佬们狂怒。
The super genius also came to the rift battlefield and disappeared, provoking the wrath of the Falling Star bosses.
自认自己还算聪明，但和天才到底还差了一些的单天行有些妒忌，但他能稍微喘口气，也是托福于那个超级天才，这让他心情很复杂。
Shan Tianxing, who thinks he is quite smart, but is still a little short of a genius, is a little jealous, but he can take a breath, and he is also a super genius, which makes him feel very complicated.
心情复杂的单天行换上了陨星校服，等换上校服后，他发现盯着他的人果然少了一些，至少他们不敢再明目张胆地追捕他。
Shan Tianxing, who was in a complicated mood, changed into a meteorite school uniform, and after changing into a school uniform, he found that there were indeed fewer people staring at him, at least they didn't dare to blatantly hunt him down.
他想找到学校的前辈求救，但又担心学校或学校前辈也会因为旋风带里的巨大利益而控制他，把他当工具人使用。
He wants to find the school's seniors for help, but he is worried that the school or the school's seniors will also control him because of the huge interests in the whirlwind belt and use him as a tool.
当他最终决定乘车前往安全区，找高层的陨星前辈求救时，谁想当列车经过四号前线营地时，那些人就搞了个大的。
When he finally decided to take the train to the safe area and ask the high-level Meteorite seniors for help, who wanted to make a big deal when the train passed by the No. 4 frontline camp.
“咚咚咚。”很是文明的敲门声从通道车门传来。 "Knock knock." A very civilized knock came from the passage door.
这节车厢内的乘客还都听到了一道相当斯文的声音。 The passengers in this carriage also heard a rather Sven voice.
“诸位，我可以过来吗？有些事，我想我们可能需要解释一下，首先这辆车会被传送到这里，和我们无关。如果我们这么厉害，那个小鬼早就给我们抓住了。”
"Guys, may I come here? There are some things, I think we might need to explain, that first of all this car will be teleported here, and it has nothing to do with us. If we were so good, that little imp would have caught us a long time ago. ”
单天行变色，紧张地看向黑袍人。 Shan Tianxing changed color and looked nervously at the black-robed man.
两名黑袍人互视，其中一人凝聚精神力回应：“不如你先解释？”
The two black-robed men looked at each other, and one of them gathered his spiritual strength to respond: "Why don't you explain first?" ”
隔壁车厢：“我们坚持不了多久，这节车厢破损很厉害，而外面的力量很古怪。现在不止我们，还有其他乘客，大家都在想办法前往前后的车厢，如果你们不肯开门，为了保命，我们只能合力强攻。我们现在没有这么做，就是不希望把所有车厢都毁掉。”
Next car: "We won't last long, this car is badly damaged, and the forces outside are weird." Now it's not just us, there are other passengers, everyone is trying to find a way to get to the front and rear carriages, and if you refuse to open the door, we can only attack together to save your life. We're not doing that now, we just don't want to destroy all the carriages. ”
说话的人显得很理智，他甚至让其他乘客一起发出声音，表明他说的都是真的。
The person who spoke appeared to be sensible, and he even asked the other passengers to make a voice along with him, indicating that what he said was true.
这节车厢的乘客互看，大家虽然都不太想隔壁的人过来，但也承认那人说得很有道理，如果对方恶意攻击通道门，那么他们这节还算安全的车厢也会变得不安全。
The passengers in this carriage looked at each other, and although they didn't want the person next door to come over, they also admitted that the person had a point, and if the other party maliciously attacked the passage door, then their safe carriage would also become unsafe.
“反正也只能再坚持十来分钟。”王叶轻声嘀咕。 "Anyway, I can only hold on for another ten minutes." Wang Ye muttered softly.
两名黑袍人互看，其中一人和之前救助了单天行并关上通道门的魔法师说话。
The two black-robed men looked at each other, and one of them spoke to the magician who had previously rescued Shan Tianxing and closed the door.
他们三人显然是这节车厢中实力最高的三人，而且那名魔法师和陨星也有一些关系，否则不会看到单天行就帮了他一把。
The three of them were obviously the three with the highest strength in this carriage, and that magician also had some relationship with the Meteorite, otherwise he wouldn't have helped him by seeing Shan Tianxing.
三位实力最高的大佬做了决定，其他人有意见也没用。 The three most powerful bigwigs made a decision, and it was useless for others to have opinions.
通道门打开。 The passage door opens.
一只魔狼先一步迈进车厢。 A demon wolf stepped into the carriage first.
这只魔狼显然是某位超凡者的战兽，它做了试探者。 This demon wolf was clearly a war beast of some transcendent being, and it had become a tempter.
见魔狼没有被攻击，隔壁车厢的其他乘客也陆续走入这节车厢。
Seeing that the demon wolf was not attacked, other passengers in the next compartment also walked into this carriage one after another.
这些乘客过来发现这节车厢对外的车门也是打开的，都倒抽一口凉气，不过很快他们就感觉到了不同，这里没有那股奇怪的能量蔓延，他们暂时还是安全的。
The passengers came to find that the door of the carriage was also open, and they all gasped, but soon they felt the difference, there was no strange energy spread here, and they were safe for the time being.
单天行则死死盯住那乘客中的几个人，他还站了起来，身体贴紧车窗。
Shan Tianxing stared at a few of the passengers, and he stood up, leaning against the window.
那几个乘客却像是没有看到他一样，只全力地观察这节车厢的乘客。
The passengers, however, did not see him, and only watched the passengers of the carriage with all their might.
大家彼此都在打量，也在暗中戒备。 Everyone is looking at each other, and they are also secretly on guard.
雷木把王叶往自己身边拉了拉。 Lei Mu pulled Wang Ye to his side.
王叶看到一名高大帅气、气质宛如邻家大哥的青年，那青年目光落到他身上，还冲他十分友善地笑了笑。
Wang Ye saw a tall and handsome young man with a temperament like the big brother next door, the young man's eyes fell on him, and he smiled very kindly at him.
可惜因果卷上这人的名字被标红，在这人冲他微笑的时候，他们之间的因果线也连上了，还是黑红色。
It's a pity that the person's name on the cause and effect roll is marked in red, and when the person smiles at him, the cause and effect line between them is also connected, and it is still black and red.
王叶忍不住在心中感慨：因果这能力虽然带来的副作用不小，但用处也是大大的啊。只因果力具现化的这个因果卷就不知道给他带来多少便利。
Wang Ye couldn't help but sigh in his heart: Although the side effects of the ability of cause and effect are not small, it is also very useful. Just this volume of cause and effect that manifests the power of cause and effect does not know how much convenience it brings him.
如此一想，那些副作用似乎也不是不能忍受了。 When you think about it, those side effects don't seem to be intolerable.
隔壁最后一个乘客过来，迅速反手拉上车门，并道：“锁住它！”
The last passenger next door came over, quickly closed the door with his backhand, and said, "Lock it!" ”
一名黑袍人和那名魔法师却拉开门向对面看了看。 A black-robed man and the magician opened the door and looked across the door.
王叶很好奇，但这时他只是老实地站在原地。 Wang Ye was curious, but at this time he just stood there honestly.
那魔法师锁上通道门，过来跟大家说道：“隔壁车厢破损得很厉害，里面有一股奇怪的能量在蔓延，那能量所过之处，东西就消失了。”
The magician locked the door and said, "The next compartment is badly damaged, and there is a strange energy spreading inside, and where the energy passes, things disappear. ”
所有人心里都咯噔一下。 Everyone's hearts chuckled.
王叶看向另一头的通道门，这辆列车一共有五节车厢和一个车头。他记得他买的票就位于二号车厢。
Wang Ye looked at the passage door at the other end, this train had a total of five carriages and one locomotive. He remembered that the ticket he bought was in car number two.
王叶问单天行：“你那边是几号车厢？” Wang Ye asked Shan Tianxing: "What carriage is you over there?" ”
单天行虽然不太喜欢这个小鬼，但还是回答道：“一号。”
Although Shan Tianxing didn't like this little ghost very much, he still replied, "No. 1." ”
王叶转看向黑袍人，不懂就问：“这辆列车有车长吗？”
Wang Ye turned to look at the black-robed man, and asked if he didn't understand, "Does this train have a captain?" ”
黑袍人似乎明白的意思，带着笑意说道：“没有。这是魔法列车，它的航线和起落时间等都是规定好的。没有车长，也没有服务人员。”
The black-robed man seemed to understand what he meant, and said with a smile: "No." This is the magic train, and its route and take-off and landing times are all prescribed. There is no commander, and there are no service personnel. ”
王叶指向通往三号车厢的通道门：“为什么那边到现在都没有任何反应？我以为大家会互相查看彼此车厢的情况，最起码也会往车头走，试图驾驶车辆离开这个奇怪的地方。”
Wang Ye pointed to the passage door leading to the third carriage: "Why hasn't there been any response over there until now?" I thought we'd be checking each other's cars, or at least heading to the front of the car and trying to drive out of this strange place. ”
“这点我们也很好奇，也许和打开的车门有关。”黑袍人之前就想去查看其他车厢的情况，但因为隔壁一号车厢情况不明，让他们暂时没行动。
"We're also curious about that, maybe it has something to do with the open door." The black-robed man wanted to check the situation of the other carriages before, but because the situation of the No. 1 carriage next door was unknown, they did not act for the time being.
加上他们还需要看孩子，谁知道这次袭击是不是冲这个宝贝疙瘩来的？
Plus they still need to watch the children, who knows if this attack is aimed at this baby bump?
二号车厢中的其他客人虽然不用看孩子，但这不是单天行过来了吗，所有人的注意力都被他和藏宝图吸引，一时就没顾得上隔壁两头车厢。
Although the other guests in the second carriage didn't have to watch the children, didn't they come by on a single day, and everyone's attention was attracted by him and the treasure map, and they didn't care about the two cars next door for a while.
那名说话斯文的超凡者从人群中走出来，他没有去看单天行，而是准确地找到这节车厢的最强者，黑袍人之一。
The transcendent who spoke Sven came out of the crowd, and instead of looking at Shan Tianxing, he accurately found the strongest person in this carriage, one of the black-robed people.
“您好，我们交换一下情报吧。”斯文男说话不止斯文，他使用的语言也是贵族用语。
"Hello, let's exchange information." Sven Nan speaks more than Sven, the language he uses is also aristocratic language.
不是说贵族说出的通用语就不是通用语，而是有些贵族为了区分自己和普通平民不一样，他们会创造一些特定用词。
It's not that the lingua franca spoken by the nobles is not a lingua franca, but that some nobles will create specific words in order to distinguish themselves from ordinary commoners.
用他们的话来说，这些用词会让语句变得华丽而优美。 In their words, these words make the sentence ornate and beautiful.
而在王叶听来，这些人就是故意拿腔拿调，目的就是为了彰显自己的身份。也只有不愁吃穿住的人才会花大量时间去琢磨这些没有实际作用的东西。
In Wang Ye's ears, these people are deliberately using their tones, the purpose is to show their identity. Only people who don't have to worry about food, clothing, and shelter will spend a lot of time pondering these things that have no practical effect.
当然，王叶对绝大多数贵族都没意见，每个人都有自己的生活方式，只要不找他麻烦，他才不管对方是什么身份。
Of course, Wang Ye has no opinion on the vast majority of nobles, everyone has their own way of life, as long as they don't trouble him, he doesn't care what the other party's identity is.
如果对面这位斯文人不打他的主意、不找他们一家的麻烦，对方嘴巴里就是说一个字就冒出一朵花，他都不会多看一眼。
If the Sven man on the other side didn't make his mind and didn't trouble their family, a flower would pop out of the other party's mouth just by saying a word, and he wouldn't have looked at it more.
雷木却暗中盯着那名斯文人，他觉得这个一看就是贵族出身的魔法师有些眼熟，他正在回忆自己在什么地方见过这个人。
Remu was staring at the Sven man secretly, he felt that this magician who looked like a nobleman was somewhat familiar, and he was recalling where he had seen this person.
黑袍人应声：“车辆被传送到这里，和你们无关？” The black-robed man responded: "The vehicle was teleported here, and it has nothing to do with you?" ”
斯文人保证：“绝对和我们无关。没有人愿意招惹裂隙战场的高层，也没有人愿意招惹白鹿车厂，所有人都知道白鹿车厂和佣兵公会的关系。我们疯了才会招惹这个世间第一大公会。”
Sven promised: "Absolutely nothing to do with us. No one wants to provoke the high-level of the Rift Battlefield, and no one wants to provoke the White Deer Depot, everyone knows the relationship between the White Deer Depot and the Mercenary Guild. We have to be crazy to provoke the number one guild in the world. ”
王叶觉得这人在内涵佣兵公会，像是故意在挑起人们对佣兵公会的某些情绪。
Wang Ye felt that this person was connotating the Mercenary Guild, as if he was deliberately provoking some emotions towards the Mercenary Guild.
黑袍人就像是没有听懂斯文人的言下之意，他只追问：“我不相信这世上有一连串的巧合。如果这辆列车被传送到这里和你们无关，你们为什么要在这时攻击那孩子？”
The black-robed man didn't seem to understand the meaning of Sven's words, and he only asked, "I don't believe that there are a series of coincidences in this world. If it's none of your business that this train is being transported here, why are you attacking that kid at this time? ”
斯文人似乎很无奈地说道：“我们可没有攻击他，我们原本是想在路上和他好好谈谈，争取让他和我们合作。他既然能和他父亲的朋友合作，自然也能和我们合作。我们也没打算独占所有好处。可这个孩子也许对我们有一些误解，他看到车辆被传送到这里，以为是有人在针对他，当他看到车门打开，竟然不管外面有什么就要冲出去。我们为了不让这个小傻瓜干傻事，只能阻止他。”
Sven seemed helpless and said, "We didn't attack him, we originally wanted to have a good talk with him on the way, and try to get him to cooperate with us." If he can work with his father's friends, he can work with us. We don't intend to monopolize all the benefits either. But this kid may have misunderstood us, he saw the car being teleported here, thought that someone was targeting him, and when he saw the car door open, he rushed out regardless of what was outside. In order to prevent this little fool from doing stupid things, we can only stop him. ”
斯文人摊手：“你看，我们并不是想要攻击他，我们只是想要拯救他。可这个小傻瓜把我们误会得非常彻底，以为我们要抓捕他，就用了一些很可怕的爆炸类魔器，我们为了自保，只能反击。只是车厢破损后，外面就有一股奇怪的能量溜入车厢，碰到什么毁灭什么。”
Sven spread his hands: "You see, we don't want to attack him, we just want to save him. But this little fool misunderstood us very thoroughly, thinking that we were going to arrest him, so he used some terrible explosive magic weapons, and we had to fight back in order to protect ourselves. It's just that after the carriage is broken, there is a strange energy outside that sneaks into the carriage and destroys something. ”
斯文人又道：“我保证我说的都是真的，不信你们可以问问一号车厢的其他客人。”
Sven added: "I promise that what I said is true, if you don't believe it, you can ask the other guests in the first carriage." ”
同一时间，树人族的族地深处，一名化身人形的树人正仰头看着天空。
At the same time, deep in the treant clan's land, a humanoid tree man was looking up at the sky.
“大空，你在看什么？你盯着天空看了半天了？”旁边一株笔直的小树好奇地问道。
"Okora, what are you looking at? Have you been staring at the sky for a long time? A small straight tree next to him asked curiously.
这名小树一开口，周围顿时响起一片追问声。 As soon as the little tree spoke, a question suddenly sounded around him.
这片低矮的杂树林也顿时热闹起来。 This low miscellaneous forest also suddenly came alive.
叫大空的人形树人依旧看着天空，但他说话了：“你们没有感觉到吗？这个空间裂缝不稳了。”
The humanoid treeman called Ozora was still looking at the sky, but he spoke, "Don't you feel it? This spatial rift is unstable. ”
“嗯？你是说整个裂隙战场的空间不稳了吗？” "Huh? Are you saying that the entire Rift Battlefield is unstable? ”
“对。前不久，我就感觉到这个战场空间有空间裂缝出现，但我没找到，应该是有人把那条裂缝修补了，或者隐藏了起来。但就在刚才，又有一条裂缝出现了，虽然只是一瞬间。空间壁的自愈能力可以让偶尔出现的空间裂缝自我愈合，但如果次数多了……”
"Yes. Not long ago, I sensed that there was a spatial crack in this battlefield space, but I didn't find it, it should have been someone who repaired the crack or hid it. But just now, another crack appeared, albeit only for a moment. The self-healing ability of the spatial wall can allow the occasional spatial crack to heal itself, but if the number of times is too much......"
“需要通知那些小家伙们吗？” "Do you need to inform the little ones?"
“嗯，还是通知他们一声吧。自从我们发现那个能量旋风带，我就知道这个战场空间不可能稳定太久。而且那些瘤背怪也不会愿意一直被我们困在这里，它们肯定在时刻想着办法突破这个战场空间。”
"Well, I'd better inform them. Ever since we discovered that energy whirlwind belt, I knew that this battlefield space couldn't be stable for long. And those lumberbacks won't want to be trapped here forever, they're always trying to figure out how to break through this battlefield space. ”
“你是说那些瘤背怪做了什么，导致战场空间不稳加速了吗？”
"Are you saying that those tumorback monsters did something that caused the instability of the battlefield space to accelerate?"
“没错。我们必须通知那些小家伙，让他们赶在这个战场空间破开之前，一定要消灭那些瘤背怪，如果实在不行，我们就只有……走那一步了。”
"That's right. We must inform those little ones that they must destroy those tumorback monsters before this battlefield space breaks open, and if it really doesn't work, we will only have ...... It's that step. ”
“啊，希望不要走到那一步，那样就太可惜了。” "Ah, I hope it doesn't get to that point, it would be a shame."
“是啊，先看看那些出现的空间裂缝能不能修补吧。” "yes, let's see if those spatial cracks that appear can be repaired."
“如果能把那个能量旋风带解决，也许这个战场维持的时间也能更长一点。”
"If we can solve that energy whirlwind belt, maybe this battlefield can last a little longer."
低矮的小树们纷纷讨论起来。 The low trees began to discuss.
大空则拿出一片树叶开始和相关负责人传递消息。 Dakong took out a leaf and began to pass the message to the person in charge.
谁能想到这一片低矮的杂树林，就是树人一族年龄最长的长老们？
Who would have thought that this low miscellaneous forest was the oldest elder of the Treant Clan?
他们活得太久，已经懒得去管事情，他们在这里慢慢地吸收来自宇宙的能量，等到了时间，就会去追寻前人走过的道路。
They have lived too long to bother with things, and here they slowly absorb the energy from the universe, and when the time comes, they will follow the path that their predecessors have taken.
但他们也不是完全不管事情，比如发现这种关乎到整个裂隙战场存亡的征兆，他们就会给出警告。
But they are not completely ignorant of things, such as discovering such signs that affect the survival of the entire Rift Battlefield, and they will give warnings.
列车上，经过几番询问后，黑袍人也不能确定列车被传送到这个奇怪的地方是否与这些追捕者有关。
On the train, after several inquiries, the black-robed man could not determine whether the train being transported to this strange place had anything to do with these pursuers.
这个问题只能暂时放到一边。 This issue can only be put aside for the time being.
就连单天行和藏宝图的事在这时都不重要了。 Even the matter of Shan Tianxing and the treasure map didn't matter at this point.
大家更关心的是，他们现在在哪里，以及要怎么离开这里。
People are more concerned about where they are now and how they are going to get out of here.
那名魔法师叫路德维希，他过去打开了通往三号车厢的车门。
The magician's name was Ludwig, and he went over and opened the door to car number three.
但一打开他就把车厢门关上了。 But as soon as he opened it, he closed the car door.
所有人都看向他。 Everyone looked at him.
路德维希慢慢转过身，他的脸色没有做任何掩饰，很难看。
Ludwig turned slowly, his face undisguised, ugly.
王叶握紧雷木的手。 Wang Ye clenched Lei Mu's hand.
“对面怎样？”黑袍人之一向那扇通道门走去，一边走一边问道。
"How's the other side?" One of the black-robed men walked towards the passage door, asking as he went.
路德维希让开身体，没有立刻回答。 Ludwig stepped aside and did not answer immediately.
黑袍人站在那扇门前，做好了全部防护后，拉开了通道门，但不到两秒，他就把门关上了。
The black-robed man stood in front of the door, and after all the protection was done, he opened the passage door, but in less than two seconds, he closed the door.
现在所有人都知道对面肯定出了问题。 Now everyone knows that there must be something wrong on the other side.
有急性子的人催：“三号车厢怎么了？你们看到了什么？”
Someone who was anxious urged: "What's wrong with the third car?" What do you see? ”
有人也要过来打开通道门，却被路德维希和黑袍人同时禁止。
Someone was about to come and open the door, but Ludwig and the black-robed man forbade them at the same time.
路德维希道：“你们实力不足，打开门也许就无法及时关上。”
Ludwig said: "You are not strong enough, and if you open the door, you may not be able to close it in time." ”
王叶心想门要是透明的就好了，也省得大家想要看到隔壁发生什么，还得特地打开门。
Wang Ye thought to himself that it would be good if the door was transparent, and it would save everyone from having to open the door if they wanted to see what was happening next door.
那斯文人也开口了：“三号车厢的情况难道比我们一号车厢还要糟糕？”
The Sven man also spoke: "Is the situation in the third carriage even worse than our first carriage?" ”
路德维希终于说道：“没有三号车厢，也没有其他节车厢，只有一片幽黑。”
Ludwig finally said: "There is no third carriage, there are no other carriages, only darkness. ”
斯文人眼眸收缩。 Sven's eyes shrank.
黑袍人补充：“车厢连接处有被切割的痕迹，能把一辆防守力达到九级的魔法列车切开，这得至少是圣级的实力。而想做到无声无息，那除非是……”
The black-robed man added: "There are marks of cutting at the junction of the carriage, which can cut through a magic train with a defensive power of level nine, which must be at least the strength of the saint level. And if you want to be silent, it must be ......"
神明的力量？ The power of the gods?
“在我们之前被传送到这里的一刹那，也许我们后面的车厢就被切开了。”
"The moment we were teleported here before, maybe the carriage behind us was cut open."
在黑袍人说出这句话的时候，遥远的他方，几十名刚从破损列车里出来的超凡者正在与瘤背怪作战。
As the black-robed man said this, far away, dozens of transcendents who had just come out of the broken train were fighting against the tumbored monster.
很不幸，被切割的三号、四号以及五号车厢落到了瘤背怪的地盘中。
Unfortunately, the severed carriages 3, 4, and 5 fell into the territory of the Tumbleback.
等他们发现这一点，已经被瘤背怪发现。 By the time they found out, they had already discovered it.
现在他们只能把剩下的还完好的四号和五号车厢当做临时营地，与那些瘤背怪周旋，同时想办法传递消息回去让人来解救他们。
Now they can only use the remaining intact carriages 4 and 5 as temporary camps, dealing with the tumbored monsters, and at the same time find a way to send the news back to someone to rescue them.
当所有相关消息集中到一处，裂隙战场的高层们很容易就得到结论：
When all the relevant information is in one place, the upper echelons of the Rift Battlefield can easily come to a conclusion:
这不是什么阴谋，而就是一起自然事故。 It's not a conspiracy, it's just a natural accident.
一道空间裂缝在那个时间、那个地点突然出现，把正在起飞中的列车一切为二。
A spatial rift suddenly appeared at that time and place, splitting the train that was taking off in two.
前面的车头到二号车厢，目前还在失踪中，不知道穿越到了什么地方。
The front car to the second car is still missing, and I don't know where it has crossed.
而剩下的三号到五号车厢则倒霉地落到了敌人的地盘中。
The remaining cars No. 3 to No. 5 were unfortunate enough to fall into enemy territory.
虽然得出这样的结论，但当去解救三号到五号车厢乘客的大佬们率领战士们把人带回来，某些人却发现他们想找的某几个关键人物都不在其中！
Although this conclusion was reached, when the bigwigs who went to rescue the passengers in carriages 3 to 5 led the soldiers to bring people back, some of them found that some of the key people they were looking for were not among them!
寻找单天行的人，焦急。 Looking for a single person who travels in a single day, anxious.
能量旋风带就要出现，他们好不容易得到了梦寐以求的藏宝图，可却少了关键的藏宝图激活者。
The whirlwind of energy is about to appear, and they finally get the coveted treasure map, but they are missing the key treasure map activator.
寻找王叶和雷木的人，更急。 The people who are looking for Wang Ye and Lei Mu are even more anxious.
虽然那两人身边跟着几名陨星前辈，但天知道他们穿越到了什么地方。
Although the two were accompanied by a few Meteorite seniors, God knows where they traveled to.
如果那两个孩子就此回不来怎么办？ What if those two children don't come back?
胖巴里是最自责的，他甚至认为要不是他指点两孩子乘坐列车回去安全区，要不是他催促两孩子赶紧去找人庇护，他们也不至于倒霉的在那个时间点上了那辆车。
Fat Barry was the most self-reproachful, and he even thought that if he hadn't instructed the two children to take the train back to the safe zone, if he hadn't urged the two children to find shelter quickly, they wouldn't have been unlucky enough to get on the car at that point in time.
除了单天行和王叶雷木以外，一号和二号车厢加起来失踪的人不少，这些人的亲朋好友当然也十分着急。
In addition to Shan Tianxing and Wang Ye Leimu, there are many people missing in the No. 1 and No. 2 carriages, and the relatives and friends of these people are of course very anxious.
裂隙战场迅速发布了最新任务，而且是面向战场全员，让大家一起来寻找失踪的一号和二号车厢。
The Rift Battlefield quickly released its latest mission, and it was for all members of the battlefield, so that everyone could search for the missing carriages 1 and 2.
战场高层还和瘤背怪那边的高层交涉，旁敲侧击各种消息。他们担心一号和二号车厢落到了瘤背怪手里，里面的乘客也被瘤背怪抓住。
The high-level leaders of the battlefield also negotiated with the high-level officials on the side of the tumor back monster, knocking on various news. They were worried that cars 1 and 2 had fallen into the hands of the lumberback, and that the passengers inside were also caught by the lumberback.
列车这边，二号车厢内的众位乘客心情也着实不好。 On the side of the train, the passengers in the second car were also in a bad mood.
因为就在刚才，黑袍人之一宣布：“这节车厢加上我的防护力量，顶多还能支持七八分钟。大家要在这段时间内做出决断，我们是往车窗这边的山谷走，还是进入车门外的黑暗中。”
Because just now, one of the black-robed people announced: "This carriage plus my protective strength can last seven or eight minutes at most." It is up to us to decide whether we want to go to the valley through the window or into the darkness outside the door. ”
“就不能留在车厢中吗？”有人忍不住问。 "Can't you just stay in the carriage?" Someone couldn't help but ask.
黑袍人摇头：“侵蚀一号车厢的古怪力量正在不断侵蚀这节车厢，如果留在车厢，那股古怪的力量会把车厢中的一切都吞噬掉。”
The black-robed man shook his head: "The strange force that is eroding the first carriage is constantly eroding this carriage, and if you stay in the carriage, that strange force will swallow everything in the carriage." ”
一号车厢过来的乘客纷纷证明了这点。 The passengers in the first car proved it.
怎么办？选择哪边出去？ What to do? Which side to choose to go out?
众人互望，最后决定用东西测试。 Everyone looked at each other and finally decided to test it with something.
王叶看着自己胳膊上的汗毛，就看它们一点点竖起。 Wang Ye looked at the hairs on his arms, and watched them stand up little by little.
他全身的神经都绷紧了。 The nerves in his whole body tensed.
没有七八分钟！ Not seven or eight minutes!
危险就要来了！ Danger is coming!
“木木，进空间。”王叶不等雷木回应，就把人强行收进虫巢。
"Mumu, enter the space." Wang Ye didn't wait for Lei Mu to respond, and forcibly put people into the hive.
就在王叶身边的黑袍人第一个发现雷木消失，他诧异地看向王叶。
The black-robed man beside Wang Ye was the first to notice that Lei Mu had disappeared, and he looked at Wang Ye in surprise.
王叶一咬牙，对黑袍人低声道：“危险要来了，等会儿我会把你们收进我的次空间中，你们……”
Wang Ye gritted his teeth and whispered to the black-robed man: "Danger is coming, I will take you into my subspace later, you ......"
咚！ Boom!
剧烈的撞击声在整个车厢响起，也打断了王叶接下来要说的话。
The violent crashing sound resounded throughout the carriage, which also interrupted what Wang Ye was about to say next.
黑袍人一惊，正要询问王叶是什么危险。 The black-robed man was startled, and was about to ask Wang Ye what danger was.
可是！ But!
咚！ Boom!
更加剧烈的撞击声响起，而且这次整个车厢都剧烈震荡起来。
An even more violent crash sounded, and this time the entire carriage shook violently.
王叶快速把黑袍人和单天行收进虫巢的隔离间，他又奔向另一名黑袍人和那名魔法师路德维希，其他人他可以不管，但这几个陨星前辈他不可能抛弃他们。
Wang Ye quickly put the black-robed man and Shan Tianxing into the isolation room of the worm hive, and he ran to the other black-robed man and the magician Ludwig, he could not care about the others, but it was impossible for him to abandon these meteorite seniors.
就在王叶的左右手分别碰触到另一名黑袍人和路德维希时，第三次撞击来临。
Just when Wang Ye's left and right hands touched another black-robed man and Ludwig respectively, the third impact came.
这次整辆列车都翻滚起来。 This time the whole train tumbled.
不少乘客在此时发出大叫，所有人都使出了各自的防身手段。
Many passengers shouted at this time, and everyone used their own means of self-defense.
一股强烈的大风从敞开且无法关闭的车门卷进车厢。 A strong gust of wind swept into the cabin through the open and unclosed door.
所有人都感觉自己被卷入了难以断定级别的暴烈龙卷风中。
Everyone felt like they were being caught up in a violent tornado of an indeterminate scale.
而不管是什么级别的超凡者，在这股磅礴的宇宙能量面前，都微弱得连只最微小的蠓虫都不如。
And no matter what level of transcendent person it is, in the face of this majestic cosmic energy, it is so weak that it is not as good as even the tiniest midge.
同一时间，裂隙战场各处，只要人在外面的，都看到了天空中出现了一幕奇景。
At the same time, everywhere in the rift battlefield, as long as people were outside, they all saw a strange scene in the sky.
“快看！那是什么？” "Look! What is that? ”
“是能量旋风带！它出现了！” "It's a whirlwind of energy! It appeared! ”
第283章 选择 Chapter 283: Choice
车辆被一股奇特的能量给一点点蚕食了。
为了保命，也为了确定外面是否安全，有人被扔了出去做测试。
可没有用，被扔进黑暗中的人也好，被扔进山谷的人也好，他们都不见了。
眼看车厢里的乘客一个个减少，不想就这么等死的乘客们发疯了，他们彼此攻击。
剧烈的爆炸声响起，他被卷进了暴烈的龙卷风中。
为了自保，他去拉拽身边的人，想方设法想要脱离旋风，他想进入风眼。
因为传说龙卷风的风眼反而是宁静的。
他念出了那句咒语，他不知道这里是不是能量旋风带，但他已经再没有其他方法，他只能在没有藏宝图的情况下，姑且试一试。
不久，他同时看到了两条路，一条通向旋风外侧，一条通向内侧。
电光石火间，他选择了外侧那条通道，用平生最快的速度冲了出去。
他安全了，他落到了结实的地面上。
这是裂隙战场的一个角落。
天空中，一个庞大的能量旋风带彰显着存在感。
但他已经没有藏宝图，他就算进入那里也不知道正确的进入方法，他失去了他人生中最大的机缘。
他痛恨，无比痛恨。 He hated it, hated it immensely.
但他又畅快无比，因为他知道藏宝图就在追捕的他那群人的头领身上，只要那个头领陷入旋风卷，他就再也不可能脱离。
But he was rejoicing, for he knew that the treasure map was on the leader of his pursuers, and that if that leader got caught in a whirlwind, he would never be able to escape.
藏宝图会永远消失在旋风中。 The treasure map will disappear forever in the whirlwind.
他得不到，别人同样也得不到。 He doesn't get it, and neither does anyone else.
之后，裂隙战场中出现的空间裂缝越来越多，有人幸运地从里面出来，还说看到了类似秘境入口的能量漩涡。但绝大多数人被卷入空间裂缝后，都会就此失踪，再也不见其出来。
After that, more and more spatial cracks appeared in the rift battlefield, and some people were lucky enough to come out of it, and they also said that they saw an energy vortex similar to the entrance of the secret realm. But after the vast majority of people are caught in the spatial rift, they will disappear and never be seen again.
所有人都知道裂隙战场的空间不再稳定，而决战也就要来到。
Everyone knew that the space of the rift battlefield was no longer stable, and the decisive battle was coming.
决战来临前，裂隙战场高层向整个双月星征兵，除非有特殊理由，否则所有八级以上高手都必须到战场报到。
Before the decisive battle, the upper echelons of the Rift Battlefield recruited troops from the entire Twin Moon Stars, and unless there was a special reason, all masters above level eight must report to the battlefield.
各大魔法学校都派出了学校中的大佬，只留数人保护学校。
The major magic schools have sent the big guys in the school, leaving only a few people to protect the school.
所有人都在齐心协力想要打赢这场瘤背怪的侵略之战。 Everyone is working together to win the battle of the Tumbleback's invasion.
而瘤背怪不想在裂隙战场里等死，也必须拼尽全力打破双月星人对它们的封锁，冲出这个名为“裂隙战场”的牢笼。
And the lumberback monsters don't want to wait for death in the rift battlefield, and they must do their best to break the blockade of the Twin Moon Star people and break out of this cage called the "Rift Battlefield".
可他在最后的大战时刻逃了。 But he escaped in the final moments of the Great War.
因为双月星这边出现了叛徒，有人…… Because there are traitors on the side of the Twin Moon Stars, someone ......
“叶子！小叶子！” "Leaves! Small leaves! ”
王叶猛地惊醒，脑中景象宛如潮水般退去，当他的意识和现在的时间点连接，他才发现因果卷是打开状态，而他的精神力刚才覆盖在了单天行这个名字上。
Wang Ye woke up suddenly, the scene in his mind receded like a tide, and when his consciousness was connected to the current point in time, he found that the cause and effect scroll was open, and his spiritual power was just covered by the name Shan Tianxing.
所以他刚才看到的都是单天行看到的前世景象？ So what he saw just now was the scene of his previous life that Shan Tianxing saw?
“木木？”王叶坐起身，按住脑袋。 "Mumu?" Wang Ye sat up and pressed his head.
他的脑袋很沉，短时间内看到太多景象，他整个大脑都塞满了。
His head was heavy, and he saw so many things in a short period of time that his whole brain was stuffed.
雷木扶住他，眼中有没有完全淡去的急切：“我们还在旋风中，你进来后就突然陷入昏迷。刚才你的情况很危险，我不得不叫醒你。”
Lei Mu held him, and there was no eagerness in his eyes that completely faded: "We are still in the whirlwind, and you suddenly fell into a coma after you came in." Your situation was dangerous just now, and I had to wake you up. ”
雷木又拿起湿毛巾给他擦脸。 Remu picked up a wet towel to wipe his face again.
王叶这才发现自己流了很多鼻血，连耳孔都有鲜血流出。
Wang Ye realized that he had a lot of nosebleeds, and even blood flowed out of his ear holes.
虽然他八十五级了，精神力也进一步提高，但强行看到这么多他人的“未来景象”，对他还是太勉强了。
Although he is level eighty-five and his mental power has further improved, forcibly seeing the "future vision" of so many others is still too reluctant for him.
而且这次他能看到这么多，可能还跟这个能量漩涡有关。
And this time he can see so much, it may have something to do with this energy vortex.
“木木，裂隙战场就要完蛋了。”王叶冷不丁道。 "Mumu, the rift battlefield is coming to an end." Wang Ye said coldly.
雷木愣住，把沾血的毛巾搓洗了几遍，重新递给王叶，才问道：“你刚刚说了什么？”
Lei Mu was stunned, scrubbed the bloodstained towel a few times, handed it to Wang Ye again, and then asked, "What did you just say?" ”
几小不在他们身边，雷木看王叶昏迷就把几小都赶到了小楼中。他知道那里是整个虫巢最安全的地方，也是王叶最重视和保护力度最高的地方。
Jixiao was not by their side, and Lei Mu saw that Wang Ye was unconscious, so he drove Jixiao to the small building. He knew that it was the safest place for the entire insect nest, and it was also the place where Wang Ye valued and protected it the most.
疯药王和靳蜘蛛也都各有事情在做，师父们和生命之树也都还没有醒来。
The Mad Medicine King and Jin Spider also have their own things to do, and neither the masters nor the Tree of Life have woken up yet.
王叶用毛巾盖住脸，狠狠擦了两把：“之前吞噬列车的空间裂缝不是谁的阴谋，而是自然灾难，我们只是倒霉地被卷入了。”
Wang Ye covered his face with a towel and wiped it fiercely: "The spatial crack that devoured the train before was not anyone's conspiracy, but a natural disaster, and we were just unlucky to be involved." ”
“你……” "You ......"
“我的异术，它可以让我看到一些相关者上一辈子已经发生过的事情，但需要消耗相当大的精神力，有时扛不住就会变成这样。”
"My magic technique, it allows me to see some things that have happened in the previous life of the people involved, but it requires a considerable amount of mental energy, and sometimes it will become like this if I can't bear it."
王叶吐气，看着染红的毛巾，心有余悸地道：“幸好你及时把我叫醒，否则等我看完单天行的一生，我大概也变成干尸了。”
Wang Ye exhaled, looked at the red-dyed towel, and said with palpitations: "Fortunately, you woke me up in time, otherwise by the time I finish reading Shan Tianxing's life, I will probably become a dry corpse." ”
雷木这一刻的表情相当可怕：“这种能力以后别用了！我们不需要窥探别人的人生未来。任何预言者都不会有好下场，你这种能力和预言有什么区别？甚至更可怕，因为你能看到更多详细。如果这世上真有神灵，你这种能力绝不会被允许出现！”
Lei Mu's expression at this moment was quite terrifying: "Don't use this ability in the future!" We don't need to peek into other people's life futures. No prophet will end well, what is the difference between your ability and prophecy? It's even scarier because you can see more detail. If there really were gods in this world, you would never be allowed to appear in this ability! ”
王叶被雷木的语调吓到了，抓着毛巾呆呆地道：“木木，没那么夸张，我就是不小心看到……”
Wang Ye was frightened by Lei Mu's tone, grabbed the towel and said blankly: "Mu Mu, it's not that exaggerated, I just accidentally saw ......"
“不小心也不准再看！”雷木难得地疾言厉色。 "If you're not careful, you won't be allowed to look at it again!" Lei Mu spoke fiercely in a rare way.
王叶迅速举起手：“好，以后没准备好，我保证不再偷看。”
Wang Ye quickly raised his hand: "Okay, if you are not ready in the future, I promise not to peek again." ”
“我是让你以后都不要再看。”雷木深吸气，起身：“算了，你当我没说。”
"I'm telling you not to look at it again." Lei Mu took a deep breath and got up: "Forget it, you didn't say it to me." ”
“别啊！木木你别生气。”王叶忽然抱住脑袋，痛叫：“木木，我头好痛！我身体也不舒服，我浑身难受，木木，我要死了。”
"Don't! Mumu, don't be angry. Wang Ye suddenly hugged his head and screamed bitterly: "Mu Mu, my head hurts so much!" I'm not feeling well, I'm uncomfortable, Mumu, I'm going to die. ”
“闭嘴！你会感到痛吗？你就糊弄我。”雷木被小混蛋气笑，但到底舍不得看他哀哀痛叫，把人抱起来放到椅子上，又拧毛巾给他擦脸擦手。
"Shut up! Do you feel pain? You're fooling me. Lei Mu was laughed at by the little bastard, but he couldn't bear to see him scream in mourning, so he picked him up and put him on a chair, and twisted a towel to wipe his face and hands.
王叶偷偷撑开眼皮。 Wang Ye secretly opened his eyelids.
雷木拿这小混蛋就没办法，用力揉揉他的脑袋瓜儿：“你不知道你刚才的样子多可怕，我喊都喊不醒你，只能设法冲击你的精神海。如果不是我们彼此之间有精神联系，我怀疑我都无法叫醒你。”
Lei Mu couldn't help this little bastard, and rubbed his head vigorously: "You don't know how terrible you looked just now, I can't wake you up when I shout, I can only try to impact your spiritual sea." If it weren't for our spiritual connection to each other, I suspect I wouldn't have been able to wake you up. ”
“所以幸亏有你嘛。”王叶嘿嘿笑。 "So I'm glad I had you." Wang Ye smiled.
雷木敲敲他的脑袋：“行了，别嬉皮笑脸的。你自己也知道我不叫醒你，你会有什么后果。以后……如果能不用这个能力，就不要用这个能力。”
Lei Mu tapped his head: "Okay, don't be hippie and smiley." You yourself know what will happen if I don't wake you up. Later...... If you can not use this ability, don't use this ability. ”
“嗯，我不会乱用这个能力的，这次我也是无意。”王叶也偷偷抹汗，发怒的木木有点可怕，幸好他的装病大法对木木十分有效，嘿嘿~
"Well, I won't use this ability indiscriminately, and I have no intention of it this time." Wang Ye also secretly wiped his sweat, the angry Mu Mu was a little scary, fortunately, his Dafa of pretending to be sick was very effective against Mu Mu, hehe~
“起来把衣服换了，全是血。再让疯药王给你看看。”雷木拉起王叶。
王叶不在意地道：“不用他看，我好得很。衣服也不用换，可以用清洁魔法。”
Wang Ye said nonchalantly: "Don't look at him, I'm very good." You don't need to change your clothes, you can use cleaning magic. ”
“换衣服。去找药王大人。” "Change of clothes. Go find the Medicine King-sama. ”
“哦。”某人立刻老实了。
王叶晃晃脑袋，发现之前脑中出现的景象记忆正在不断消退，就像是做了一个印象深刻的梦，醒来的一刹那还记得不少情节，但随着时间过去，那些梦境记忆就会越来越淡薄。
Wang Ye shook his head, and found that the memories of the scenes that appeared in his mind before were fading, like having an impressive dream, and he still remembered a lot of episodes the moment he woke up, but as time passed, the memories of those dreams would become weaker and weaker.
王叶连忙把一些需要特别注意的关键点给截留下来，加重记忆以防忘记，至于其他的就随它去了。
Wang Ye hurriedly intercepted some key points that needed special attention, increased the memory to prevent forgetting, and let the rest go.
虽然雷木让他以后不要再随便窥探别人上辈子发生过的命运，但王叶觉得单天行应该是个关键人物，如果有可能，他希望能通过单天行的人生了解更多双月星后来发生的事情，如果能借此避开一些人为灾难就更好。
Although Lei Mu asked him not to casually snoop on the fate of others in his previous life in the future, Wang Ye felt that Shan Tianxing should be a key person, and if possible, he hoped to learn more about what happened to Shuangyue Xing through Shan Tianxing's life, and it would be better if he could avoid some man-made disasters.
比如裂隙战场这边到底是谁做了叛徒？ For example, who on this side of the rift battlefield was a traitor?
而裂隙战场又能坚持多久？ And how long can the Rift Battlefield last?
后来双月星发生的种种灾难，包括陨星学校和精灵族，为什么没有顶层大佬出面？
Later, all kinds of disasters that happened in the Twin Moon Stars, including the Meteorite School and the Elven Clan, why didn't the top bosses come forward?
以陨星暗藏的实力，怎么也不该那么悄无声息的就毁于一旦。
With the hidden strength of the meteor, it shouldn't have been destroyed so quietly.
而精灵族再怎么样都有一些外族朋友吧？为什么这些大佬一个都没有出现？
And no matter how good the elves are, they have some foreign friends, right? Why didn't any of these bigwigs show up?
比如佣兵公会总会长和魔法师公会总会长，这些人都去了哪里？为什么在后来的“游戏”中，他们都没再露过面？
For example, the President of the Mercenary Guild and the President of the Wizards Guild, where have these people gone? Why didn't they ever show up again in the later "games"?
他之前以为是他前辈子的等级还不够，并且只注重玩家那边的关系，所以才会没有接触到双月星这些顶尖高层。
He thought that his previous level was not enough, and he only paid attention to the relationship on the player's side, so he didn't come into contact with these top executives of the Double Moon Star.
可现在想来，那时候的双月星显然已经出问题了，真正的顶尖大佬也许都消失了。
But now that I think about it, the Twin Moon Stars at that time obviously had a problem, and the real top bosses may have disappeared.
那么这些顶尖大佬的失踪，会不会就和裂隙战场的崩溃有关？
So will the disappearance of these top bosses be related to the collapse of the rift battlefield?
而双月星没有出现瘤背怪，会不会就是因为这些顶尖大佬们和瘤背怪们同归于尽了？
And if there is no tumorback monster in the Double Moon Star, will it be because these top bosses and the tumorback monsters have died together?
王叶越想越如蚂蚁挠心，如果不是怕雷木真的生他的气，也怕自己精神力枯竭，他能继续去尝试窥探单天行上辈子的经历。
The more Wang Ye thought about it, the more he was like an ant scratching his heart, if he wasn't afraid that Lei Mu would really be angry with him, and he was also afraid that his mental power would be exhausted, he could continue to try to spy on Shan Tianxing's experience in his previous life.
不要多，只要让他看到裂隙战场是怎么完蛋的就行。 Not much, just show him how the Rift Battlefield ended.
不过他也许需要雷木的帮忙，比如及时唤醒他。 However, he may need Thunderwood's help, such as waking him up in time.
王叶瞅瞅雷木的脸色，老老实实地去找疯药王了。这事还是和木木商量好再说吧。
Wang Ye glanced at Lei Mu's face and honestly went to find the King of Crazy Medicine. Let's discuss this matter with Mu Mu.
疯药王听说王叶精神力消耗过度，当即很感兴趣地给他检查了一通，但很快他就很不耐烦地挥手赶人：“屁事没有！他自己就恢复了。行了，我忙着呢，别来烦我！”
When the Mad Medicine King heard that Wang Ye's mental power was excessively consumed, he immediately checked him with great interest, but soon he waved his hand impatiently to drive people away: "There's no!" He recovered on his own. Alright, I'm busy, don't bother me! ”
疯药王甚至没注意他们被卷入了旋风带。 The Mad Medicine King didn't even notice that they were caught up in the whirlwind.
王叶和雷木也不想多一个人担心，就没提。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu didn't want to worry about one more person, so they didn't mention it.
王叶换好衣服，仔细观察外界。他们现在还在旋风带中……通过单天行上辈子的经历，他可以确定这里是哪里了。
Wang Ye changed his clothes and carefully observed the outside world. They are still in the whirlwind belt now...... Through the experience of Shan Tianxing's previous life, he could determine where this place was.
那道空间裂缝把他们抛到了一个非常不稳定的空间，所以他们才会从车窗看到山谷，但从打开的车门看到的却是一片黑暗。
The spatial rift threw them into a very unstable space, which is why they could see the valley through the car window, but it was darkness through the open car door.
而那片黑暗连接的其实就是旋风带。 And the darkness is actually connected to the whirlwind belt.
但旋风带出现的时间还没到，所以他们没有被立刻卷进去。
But the time for the cyclone to appear hadn't come yet, so they weren't immediately swept up.
后来咚咚咚的撞击声，原因不明，但显然是把他们撞入旋风带的罪魁祸首。
Later, there was a thumping crash, for unknown reasons, but it was clearly the culprit that knocked them into the whirlwind belt.
王叶猜测也许是旋风带出现的时候，会自动卷入某些东西。
Wang Ye guessed that maybe when the whirlwind belt appeared, it would automatically get involved in something.
而某大型动物不想被卷入，就利用列车来抵挡旋风带的吸引力。
And a large animal doesn't want to be swept in, so it uses the train to resist the attraction of the cyclone belt.
他为什么会这么想？ Why would he think that?
因为他看到了旋风带中有大型动物、石头、树木出现。 Because he saw large animals, stones, and trees in the whirlwind belt.
这些都是被卷进来的倒霉蛋。 These are the unlucky ones who have been swept in.
幸好他的虫巢比较扛糟，而且不管外面如何转动，里面的空间也不受影响。
Luckily, his hive is a bit bad, and no matter how it turns outside, the space inside is not affected.
王叶顺手把经过虫巢的一个乘客给捞进来，放到隔离室。这人还挺强，用了一个魔器笼罩自身，竟然还没有昏迷，不过他能量消耗得很厉害，看样子也坚持不了多久。
Wang Ye easily fished in a passenger who passed by the insect nest and put it in the isolation room. This person is quite strong, he used a magic weapon to cover himself, and he is not even unconscious, but his energy consumption is very strong, and it seems that he can't last long.
救回这名乘客，他还赚了一百点经验值。 Rescuing the passenger, he also earned 100 XP.
隔离室内，两位黑袍人和那名魔法师，以及单天行都没做多余的事，就在那里盘膝冥想。
In the isolation room, the two black-robed men and the magician, as well as Shan Tianxing, who had done nothing superfluous, were there to meditate cross-legged.
室内突然多出一人，四人也没有特别惊讶，反而主动安抚对方，表示这里是一个次空间，可以暂时保证安全，让新来者不要乱跑，也不要做某些不必要以及让次空间主人误会的事情。
There was suddenly one more person in the room, and the four of them were not particularly surprised, but took the initiative to reassure each other, saying that this was a secondary space, which could ensure safety for the time being, so that newcomers should not run around, and should not do something unnecessary and misunderstood by the owner of the secondary space.
“多谢。”那人对着虚空诚恳道谢，随即就拿出药剂恢复魔力和精神力。
"Thank you." The man thanked the void sincerely, and then took out the potion to restore his magic and mental power.
王叶没理会对方，他只有意识地操纵虫巢往那些乘客接近。
Wang Ye ignored the other party, he only consciously manipulated the insect nest to approach those passengers.
但旋风带中的能量相当诡异，王叶操纵虫巢半天都无法移动多少。
But the energy in the whirlwind belt was quite weird, and Wang Ye couldn't move much for half a day when he manipulated the hive.
他脑中想起了单天行念的那句咒语，他也不知道别人念这句咒语有没有用，反正他念了一遍。
He remembered the incantation that Shan Tianxing had recited, and he didn't know if it was useful for others to recite this incantation, but he recited it again anyway.
周围的能量似乎变得平和了一些，不对，是他的虫巢进入了某种能量轨迹中，就好像脱轨的列车重新乘上了轨道。
The surrounding energy seemed to have calmed down a bit, no, it was his hive that entered some kind of energy trajectory, as if a derailed train had re-boarded the tracks.
接下来他只要顺着轨道往前走就行。 All he had to do was follow the track.
“咦？”雷木发现了变化。 "Huh?" Reimu noticed the change.
王叶比了个V，一边操纵虫巢前行，一边道：“单天行说谎了，也许他的血脉可以激活那张藏宝图，但这句咒语则并不限定使用者。”
Wang Ye compared a V, and while manipulating the insect hive forward, he said: "Shan Tianxing lied, maybe his bloodline can activate that treasure map, but this spell is not limited to users." ”
王叶把窥探单天行上辈子经历还是很有用这句话给咽了回去，他可不想雷木揍他屁屁。
Wang Ye swallowed back the sentence that it was still useful to spy on Shan Tianxing's previous life experience, he didn't want Lei Mu to beat his ass.
雷木沉吟：“很有意思，单天行……不，应该说是他的父亲，单天行父亲是怎么得到的这张藏宝图和这句咒语？难不成这个看似自然宇宙奇迹的能量旋风带也是人为？”
Lei Mu groaned: "It's very interesting, Shan Tianxing...... No, it should be his father, how did Shan Tianxing's father get this treasure map and this spell? Could it be that this whirlwind of energy, which seems to be a miracle of the natural universe, is also man-made? ”
王叶摸下巴：“如果我能看到……” Wang Ye touched his chin: "If I can see ......"
“你刚才说什么？”雷木斜睨某人。 "What did you just say?" Raimu squinted at someone.
王叶立刻在嘴上画×：“我什么都没说。” Wang Ye immediately drew × on his mouth: "I didn't say anything. ”
“单天行人就在你的老巢里，你完全可以把人拎出来拷问。你要是腾不开手，我来。”雷木说着就真的一副要去拷问单天行的架势。
"Pedestrians are in your lair every day, and you can take them out and torture them. If you can't spare your hands, I'll do it. Lei Mu said that he really looked like he was going to torture Shan Tianxing.
“先不急，等我把藏宝图找到再说。”王叶无意阻止雷木，尤其在他家木木心情很不爽的情况下。
"Don't rush yet, wait until I find the treasure map." Wang Ye had no intention of stopping Lei Mu, especially when his family Mu Mu was in a very unhappy mood.
“你知道藏宝图在哪里？”雷木停住脚步。 "Do you know where the treasure map is?" Raimu stopped.
王叶点头，小小声说：“好歹那些血没有白流。” Wang Ye nodded and whispered, "It's good that the blood didn't flow in vain." ”
雷木：“……”几位师父什么时候醒？这小混蛋一点反省的意思都没有！而且他明显还想尝试看到更多。
Lei Mu: "...... "When will the masters wake up?" This little bastard doesn't have the slightest intention of introspection! And he clearly wanted to try to see more.
王叶不知道雷木在心里盘算要联合几位师父给他来个多重揍。他正专心操纵虫巢，虫巢现在就像一辆有轨车奔行在轨道上，无论旁边的能量有多么可怕，虫巢都稳如老狗。
Wang Ye didn't know that Lei Mu was planning in his heart to unite several masters to give him a multiple beating. He was concentrating on manipulating the hive, which was now running like a railcar on the tracks, no matter how terrifying the energy next to it was, the hive was as steady as an old dog.
途中，他只要碰到活物就顺手捞回来，死的也捞，没经验值奖励，好歹还能收一份遗产。
On the way, as long as he touches a living thing, he will catch it back, and he will also catch the dead, and he will not be rewarded with experience points, so he can still receive an inheritance.
至于某些有害朕之心的那就让他随波逐流吧~ As for some harmful hearts, let him go with the flow~
旋风带中的大多数活物都已经陷入昏迷，其中还包括那个追捕单天行的贵族斯文男。
Most of the living creatures in the Whirlwind Belt have fallen into a coma, including the aristocrat Sven Man who is chasing Shan Tianxing.
王叶没问斯文男的个人意愿，直接找出他身上的空间储物工具，没收。
Wang Ye didn't ask Sven Nan's personal wishes, and directly found the space storage tool on his body and confiscated it.
至于人？ As for people?
哎呀，手抖，掉下去了。 Oops, hands tremble, fell.
“木木，看，藏宝图！”王叶得意地抖了抖手中的兽皮纸，“是爸爸的还是爸爸的。当初一个金币卖掉，可如今它又回到我手上了。”
"Mumu, look, treasure map!" Wang Ye shook the animal skin paper in his hand proudly, "It's Daddy's or Daddy's." I sold a gold coin, but now it's back in my possession. ”
而单天行的记忆中，这张藏宝图已经随着那个斯文男毁于旋风带中，换言之，这是一份无主的、不需要背负他人因果的机缘。
In Shan Tianxing's memory, this treasure map has been destroyed in the whirlwind belt with the Sven man, in other words, this is an ownerless opportunity that does not need to bear the cause and effect of others.
雷木却没有多高兴。自从他们发现木精灵秘境，他就感觉到冥冥中似乎有一股庞大的力量在推着王叶往前走，而且不容他改道。
Reimu wasn't much pleased. Ever since they discovered the Wood Elf Secret Realm, he felt that there seemed to be a huge force in the underworld pushing Wang Ye forward, and he would not be allowed to change his course.
这让他感到了强烈的窒息感。 This made him feel a strong sense of suffocation.
甚至雷木还生出王叶重生也许就是为了变成某个意志的工具人的荒谬感，而王叶如果做不到那个意志想让他完成的事情……
Even Lei Mu gave birth to the absurdity that Wang Ye's rebirth might be to become a tool of a certain will, and if Wang Ye couldn't do what that will wanted him to accomplish......
“木木！” "Mumu!"
雷木一惊，回神：“怎么了？” Lei Mu was startled and came back to his senses: "What's wrong?" ”
王叶眨眨眼：“我已经想通了。” Wang Ye blinked: "I've figured it out." ”
雷木不解：“想通什么？” Lei Mu was puzzled: "What do you want to figure out?" ”
王叶笑，神色特别轻松地说道：“不管我的重生是一场特意的安排，还是无意的偶然，我都不亏。我现在是被卷入了某些我想避开的事情当中，但我也同样获得了莫大好处。这世上从来没有白吃的午餐，我们想得到什么，自然就要付出什么。”
Wang Ye smiled, and said with a particularly relaxed expression: "Whether my rebirth is a deliberate arrangement or an unintentional accident, I will not lose." I'm getting caught up in something that I want to avoid right now, but I'm also getting a lot of good. There is no such thing as a free lunch, and what we want to get, we naturally have to give. ”
“而且我真的不觉得我的重生是特意安排，我更觉得我是一个偶然，但因为我想要不同的人生，我想要你们和我都好好的，而只要你们和我都还在双月星生活，我们就无法避免一些必然会发生的事情。”
"And I really don't think that my rebirth was deliberately arranged, I feel that I was an accident, but because I want a different life, I want you and me to be well, and as long as you and I are still living in the double moon star, we can't avoid something that will inevitably happen."
王叶轻轻蹭了蹭雷木的肩膀：“我之前想岔了，我们不是在为别人做任务，我们其实是在为改变自己的命运而努力。我们不想要前世那样的结局，就只有改变它们。而现在我们有力量改变它们，那为什么不去改变呢？”
Wang Ye gently rubbed Lei Mu's shoulder: "I thought about it before, we are not doing tasks for others, we are actually working hard to change our own destiny." We don't want the same ending as in our previous lives, we have to change them. And now that we have the power to change them, why not change them? ”
“我们一定可以改变我们的命运，因为我深信命运重在选择，它有无数种可能，只看你选择了哪条路。”
"We can definitely change our destiny, because I firmly believe that destiny is all about choice, and it has countless possibilities, it just depends on which path you choose."
“木木，不要怕，让我们先走下去。也许我们可以得到完全不一样的未来。就算我们无法改变最后的结局，可我们会一直在一起互相支持，对吗？”
"Mumu, don't be afraid, let's go down first. Maybe we can get a completely different future. Even if we can't change the outcome, we'll always be together and support each other, right? ”
雷木看着王叶脸上那充满信赖的神情，嘴角慢慢弯起。 Lei Mu looked at the trusting look on Wang Ye's face, and the corners of his mouth slowly curved.
他说：“好，上天入地，我陪着你。” He said, "Okay, heaven and earth, I will accompany you." ”
雷木不是被王叶说服了，他只是也想通了，不管王叶要怎么做，也不管他的重生是不是命运的操控，他都不会离开王叶。而且他们已经知道最坏的结果是什么，既然如此，他又何必悲观地看待一切？
Lei Mu was not persuaded by Wang Ye, he just figured it out, no matter what Wang Ye was going to do, and no matter whether his rebirth was a manipulation of fate, he would not leave Wang Ye. And they already know what the worst outcome is, so why should he be pessimistic about everything?
何况现在努力的人不止王叶和他，还有众位师父，以及和他们的命运纠缠到一起的各位大佬们。
What's more, the people who are working hard now are not only Wang Ye and him, but also the masters, as well as the bigwigs who are entangled with their fate.
这么多人一起努力，多少都会有些改变吧？ With so many people working together, there will be some changes, right?
而且他们的命运已经在改变了不是吗？ And their fate is already changing, isn't it?
王叶这次是真笑了，笑得阳光灿烂，只觉得浑身都充满力量。
Wang Ye really smiled this time, smiling brightly, and only felt that his whole body was full of strength.
“木木，你就是我永远的好兄弟好哥们！” "Mu Mu, you are my good brother and good buddy forever!"
“不是好大儿了？”雷木放嘲讽。 "Isn't it too old?" Lei Mu taunted.
“你永远都是我的好大儿，乖，叫爸爸~”只要有你与我同行，爸爸就什么都不怕。
"You will always be my good son, good, call Dad~" As long as you walk with me, Dad is not afraid of anything.
雷木一个脑崩敲在王小叶脑门上。 Lei Mu had a brain collapse and knocked on Wang Xiaoye's brain.
王叶捂着脑门嗷嗷叫。 Wang Ye covered his head and screamed.
两人特别幼稚地你推我一下，我推你一下，看到外面有人飘过，就连忙大喊提醒对方打捞。
The two of them were very childish, you push me, I pushed you, and when they saw someone floating outside, they hurriedly shouted to remind the other party to salvage.
约大半个小时后，王叶看到了上辈子的单天行看到的两条通道。
About half an hour later, Wang Ye saw the two passages that Shan Tianxing had seen in his previous life.
一条向着旋风带外面，一条向着风眼。 One towards the outside of the whirlwind belt, and one towards the eye of the wind.
“木木，你选哪一条？”王叶打开了藏宝图，藏宝图现在没有被激活，自然没有任何指示。
"Mumu, which one do you choose?" Wang Ye opened the treasure map, and the treasure map was not activated now, so naturally there was no indication.
但上辈子，单天行选择了向外的通道，而他也成功逃离了旋风带，他也是唯一一个在进入旋风带后还能成功逃离的人。
But in his previous life, Shan Tianxing chose the outward passage, and he also managed to escape from the whirlwind belt, and he was also the only one who could successfully escape after entering the whirlwind belt.
“区别？”雷木冷静地问。 "The difference?" Remu asked calmly.
王叶老实说了。 Wang Ye said honestly.
雷木只思考片刻，就道：“把虫巢隔离室中的人都扔进向外的通道，只留下单天行。我们去看看风眼中心有什么。”
Lei Mu only thought for a moment, and then said, "Throw all the people in the hive isolation room into the passage to the outside, leaving only Shan Tianxing." Let's go see what's in the eye of the storm. ”
王叶挥拳，兴奋。他就知道木木的闯劲并不比他弱，之前木木之所以表现得很保守，不过是想保护他和家里一干小的而已。
Wang Ye shook his fist, excited. He knew that Mu Mu's aggressiveness was not weaker than him, and the reason why Mu Mu was very conservative before was just to protect him and his family.
但现在他们既然要走出一条与前世完全不同的路，有些选择就不能过于保守，该闯的还是要闯一闯。
But now that they are going to take a completely different path from their previous life, some choices cannot be too conservative, and they still have to break through.
比如这个前世完全没有人成功通关的旋风带。 For example, this whirlwind belt that no one successfully cleared in his previous life.
第284章 要报团吗，亲~ Chapter 284: Do you want to join the group, dear~
雷木还跟王叶交代，最好把一些重要信息委托给那两个黑袍人，比如瘤背怪的相关情报以及裂隙战场高层出现背叛者的事。
Lei Mu also explained to Wang Ye that it was best to entrust some important information to the two black-robed people, such as the relevant information of the tumorback monster and the betrayer at the top of the rift battlefield.
“木木，” "Mumu,"
“嗯？” "Huh?"
“实际上，我们拥有藏宝图、咒语和单天行的话，完全可以先出去，再进来。”
"Actually, if we have a treasure map, a spell, and a single celestial walk, we can go out first and come in later."
雷木侧头，凝视王叶的目光，让王叶拔腿就跑。 Lei Mu turned his head sideways, stared at Wang Ye's gaze, and asked Wang Ye to run away.
“你给我站住！前面为什么不说清楚，你是看我纠结很好玩是不是！”雷木狂怒。
"Stop! Why don't you make it clear before, you are watching me tangled and fun, isn't it? Thunderwood was furious.
王叶被追得哇呀哇呀大叫，还振振有词地道：“我看你那么丧，就想激励你一下嘛。啊啊啊，家暴啦，家暴啦~”
Wang Ye was chased and shouted, and said eloquently: "I see that you are so sad, I want to inspire you." Ahh
小楼里面的几小看到两个家长玩得这么开心，哪还能忍得住，全都冲出来加入了乱斗。
Seeing that the two parents were having such a good time, how could they bear it, and they all rushed out to join the fight.
虽然但是，以防万一，王叶还是做了两手准备。 Although, just in case, Wang Ye still made two preparations.
他先把单天行单独拎出来，跟他聊了聊。 He first took Shan Tianxing out alone and talked to him.
单天行在得知王叶得到藏宝图后，而且他还就在人家次空间里，就很老实地交代了一些他知道的事情。
After Shan Tianxing learned that Wang Ye had obtained the treasure map, and that he was still in the other people's space, he honestly explained some things he knew.
最主要的是王叶答应他，这次探险大家一起进入，至于能得到什么全看各人自己的能耐。
The most important thing is that Wang Ye promised him that everyone would enter this expedition together, and what they could get depends on their own abilities.
比起被不知名组织抓捕胁迫，单天行宁可和这个小混蛋合作，至少这对兄弟应该不会在利用完他就杀了他……吧？
Rather than being arrested and coerced by an unknown organization, Shan Tianxing would rather cooperate with this little bastard, at least the two brothers should not kill him before they can use him...... Right?
“我知道咒语，我也找到了通道。所以你应该明白，我对这个能量旋风带知道的不比你少。”王叶在单天行开口前，忽然这么说道。
"I know the spell, and I've found the passage. So you should understand that I know no less about this energy whirlwind belt than you do. Wang Ye suddenly said this before Shan Tianxing spoke.
单天行不相信。 Shan Tianxing didn't believe it.
王叶当着他的面，把咒语念了一遍。 Wang Ye recited the incantation in front of him.
单天行张大嘴：“你……！” Shan Tianxing opened his mouth wide: "You ......!" ”
王叶满嘴忽悠：“你以为我们为什么会在这时候出现在前线营地？那就是因为我们知道能量旋风带会出现在这附近。本来我们可以安全进入，没想到会被你这个笨蛋牵连。”
Wang Ye's mouth was full of flickering: "Why do you think we appeared in the frontline camp at this time?" That's because we know that the cyclone of energy will appear around here. We could have entered safely, but we didn't expect to be implicated by you idiot. ”
单天行忍不住道：“你们没有藏宝图，根本不可能找到正确进入方法。”
Shan Tianxing couldn't help but say: "You don't have a treasure map, it is impossible for you to find the right way to enter." ”
王叶耸肩：“但我们有别的方法，难道你没有感觉出来你现在很安全吗？换了你，你能用这么安全的方法进入能量旋风带？”
Wang Ye shrugged: "But we have other methods, don't you feel that you are safe now?" With you, can you enter the energy whirlwind belt in such a safe way? ”
“所以这根本不是你的次空间？”单天行恍然大悟。 "So this isn't your subspace at all?" Shan Tianxing suddenly realized.
王叶得意道：“我可什么都没说。” Wang Ye said proudly: "I didn't say anything. ”
但单天行已经认定他们现在待的空间极有可能是某种高级飞行魔器。
But Shan Tianxing had already determined that the space they were in now was most likely some kind of high-level flying magic weapon.
“现在你可以说说你对这个能量旋风带的了解了，另外，你的藏宝图到底隐藏了什么秘密？不要乱说哦，我会知道你说的是不是假话。”
"Now you can tell us what you know about this whirlwind of energy, and besides, what secrets are hidden in your treasure map? Don't talk nonsense, I'll know if you're telling a lie. ”
王叶脸一拉：“我想要找的是诚信合作者，而不是一个满口谎言还隐瞒重要信息的拖后腿者，你现在的价值就是你能提供的信息和你的藏宝图。如果你不能体现你的价值，那我也没必要带着你。我自己也能进去。当然，为了防止你和我抢夺机缘，我会一直关着你，直到我得到想要的。如果我不幸死在旋风带中，那么你就只能陪我一起死了。”
Wang Ye's face pulled: "What I want to find is an honest collaborator, not a procrastinator who is full of lies and conceals important information, your current value is the information you can provide and your treasure map." If you can't reflect your value, then I don't need to take you with me. I can go in myself. Of course, in order to prevent you and me from snatching the opportunity, I will keep you locked up until I get what I want. If I die in the whirlwind, then you will have to die with me. ”
单天行可不想一直被关到死，他也不确定这小孩到底知道了多少，最终他把他知道的内容说了个七八成。
Shan Tianxing didn't want to be locked up until he died, and he wasn't sure how much the kid knew, so he finally told him what he knew.
“那些传言都是假的，是为了坑人，那三样东西根本不是三把秘境钥匙，那其实是……”
"Those rumors are all false, they are to trap people, those three things are not three secret realm keys at all, they are actually ......"
王叶和雷木在听完单天行讲述的关于能量旋风带的秘密，也不由暗自心惊。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu couldn't help but be secretly frightened after listening to the secret of the energy whirlwind belt told by Shan Tianxing.
这他么就是一个超级大阴谋！ It's a super conspiracy!
不过，机缘也是真的有，只是没有正确的进出方法，根本不可能得到。
However, there is a real opportunity, but without the correct way to enter and exit, it is impossible to get it.
以前死在旋风带的人全都白死了。 The people who used to die in the whirlwind belt all died in vain.
王叶猜测单天行肯定还隐瞒了一些重要信息没说，不过这没关系，他也跟单天行隐瞒了他的真实计划，大家也算扯平。
Wang Ye guessed that Shan Tianxing must have concealed some important information and didn't say it, but it didn't matter, he also concealed his true plan from Shan Tianxing, and everyone was even.
王叶把单天行单独隔离，又去找了两位黑袍人，单独和他们说了一番话。
Wang Ye isolated Shan Tianxing alone, went to find two black-robed people, and talked to them alone.
“……大致情况就是这样，不要问我们消息来源，不过我猜你们也能猜到。”王叶一脸他没干好事的表情。
“…… That's pretty much it, don't ask us where the sources are, but I'm sure you can guess as well. Wang Ye had an expression on his face that he hadn't done anything good.
黑袍人之一低笑，他们确实猜到了。 One of the black-robed men chuckled, they had indeed guessed.
只看王叶捞了这么多人进来，就知道他不会放过追捕单天行的人。
Just seeing that Wang Ye fished so many people in, he knew that he would not let go of the person who was chasing Shan Tianxing.
但他们没有看到那斯文男一行，显然要么被关在其他地方，要么就是“拷问后被解决了”。
But they didn't see the Sven man and his party, apparently either locked up somewhere else, or "tortured and solved".
那么王叶的消息来源也就很好推断了。 Then Wang Ye's source is easy to deduce.
王叶见他们自己脑补出答案，非常满意，不枉他特意引导。
Wang Ye was very satisfied when he saw that they had made up the answer in their own brains, and he deliberately guided him in vain.
“你说这些人也许和春木上国、屠魔教、拜月教和长生会有关？”黑袍人吐出这四个势力的名字，每吐出一个，都觉得头疼加深一分。
"You said these people might have something to do with the Spring Wood Upper Kingdom, the Demon Slayer Cult, the Lunatic Cult, and the Immortal Society?" The black-robed man spit out the names of these four forces, and each time he spit out, he felt that his headache deepened.
王叶摊手：“反正我得到的消息是这样，是不是真的，还需要大佬们去求证。但还请上面最好小心一点，高层里百分百有背叛者，对方说不定还和瘤背怪也联合了，总之小心点吧，别等我们出去了，顶尖高层都被人干掉了。”
Wang Ye spread his hands: "Anyway, the news I got is like this, whether it is true or not, it still needs to be verified by the bigwigs." But please be careful, there are 100% betrayers in the upper echelons, and the other party may have joined forces with the tumorback monster, in short, be careful, don't wait for us to go out, the top high-level leaders have been killed. ”
黑袍人之一深深看了眼王叶，拉下兜帽，露出了一张英俊的脸。
One of the black-robed people took a deep look at Wang Ye, pulled down his hood, and revealed a handsome face.
“我叫荀炎，这是唐圆圆。我们不在学校任教，五十年前，我们和你们一样，也是被选拔过来的学生。之后，我们就一直留在了裂隙战场。”
"My name is Xun Yan, and this is Tang Yuanyuan. We don't teach in schools, and fifty years ago, like you, we were selected students. After that, we stayed on the Rift Battlefield. ”
另一名黑袍人也拉下兜帽，这是一位脸圆圆的可爱女子，天生一张娃娃脸，完全看不出她的实际年龄。
Another black-robed man also pulled down his hood, this is a cute woman with a round face, born with a baby face, her actual age is completely unrecognizable.
“学长们好！”王叶咋舌，这可真是老学长了，不过这两位一点都看不出老，怎么看都是杰出青年那一挂。
"Hello seniors!" Wang Ye is speechless, this is really an old senior, but these two can't see the old at all, no matter how you look at it, they are all outstanding young people.
“你说的事，我们会先和学校那边联系，然后由学校高层和裂隙战场这边的最高层直接接触，这样也可以避免消息走漏，让背叛者察觉。”
"What you said, we will first contact the school, and then the school's top management will directly contact the highest level on the rift battlefield, so as to avoid the leakage of information and let the betrayer notice."
王叶击掌：“这样最好。” Wang Ye high-fived: "This is the best." ”
“你说石棉粉末有可能对瘤背怪有用？而瘤背怪有可能和智慧寄生虫族有关？”唐圆圆忍不住确认。
"You say asbestos powder might be useful for lumberbacks? And the tumorback monster may be related to the intelligent parasitic Zerg? Tang Yuanyuan couldn't help but confirm.
王叶拿出一枚水晶球递给荀炎：“相关内容都在里面，包括我们的推测应对方法等。这是我们对瘤背怪的研究结果，非常重要，请务必交到高层手中。你们也可以看。”
Wang Ye took out a crystal ball and handed it to Xun Yan: "The relevant content is all in it, including our speculation and response methods." This is the result of our research on the tumorback, and it's very important, so be sure to put it in the hands of the higher-ups. You can also watch. ”
荀炎接过水晶球郑重地道：“谢谢。你放心，我们一定会交上去。”
Xun Yan took the crystal ball and said solemnly: "Thank you." Rest assured, we will definitely hand it in. ”
王叶提供给他们的消息和这个水晶球，相当于是白给他们送贡献值，虽然他们只负责跑腿，主要贡献值还是会算到王叶和雷木头上，但他们肯定也能获得一些。
The news and this crystal ball provided to them by Wang Ye are equivalent to giving them contribution points for nothing, although they are only responsible for running errands, the main contribution points will still be counted on Wang Ye and Lei Mu, but they will definitely be able to get some of them.
这让两名学长对这个小小学弟印象特别好。小学弟这么信赖他们，他们自然也不会辜负这份信赖。
This made the two seniors have a particularly good impression of this little junior brother. The junior brothers trust them so much, and they will naturally not live up to this trust.
唐圆圆再次问道：“你们接下来是不是要去闯一闯能量旋风带？”
Tang Yuanyuan asked again, "Are you going to break into the energy whirlwind belt next?" ”
两人心动，但并不妒忌，各人有各人的缘法。不过有可能，他们也很想加入其中。
The two are excited, but they are not jealous, and each has its own fate. But chances are, too, and they'd love to be a part of it.
王叶不假思索道：“当然！有藏宝图和单天行，危险可以减低很多，也许真的能得到那三把钥匙，说不定还有其他奇遇。”
Wang Ye said without thinking: "Of course! With a treasure map and a single day trip, the danger can be reduced a lot, maybe you can really get those three keys, and maybe there are other adventures. ”
荀炎和唐圆圆互看，正要和王叶协商加入的事情。 Xun Yan and Tang Yuanyuan looked at each other, and were about to negotiate with Wang Ye about joining.
就听小孩又道：“但只有我们几个进去的话，太招人眼，将来出来，一定会被人天天追杀。所以我们决定，这次出去，我们会招募所有想去的人一起，只要付得起探险费，就跟我们一起走。”
I heard the child say again: "But if only a few of us go in, it will be too eye-catching, and when we come out in the future, we will definitely be chased and killed every day." So we decided that this time we would recruit everyone who wanted to go with us, and as long as they could afford the expedition, they would come with us. ”
“探险费？” "Expedition fee?"
“旋风带探险旅游团，亲，你要参加吗？” "Whirlwind Belt Adventure Tour, dear, do you want to participate?"
唐圆圆和荀炎目瞪口呆，他们再怎么也没有想到这个小家伙竟然要把这样一个超级大机缘就这么放出来，还旅游团？
Tang Yuanyuan and Xun Yan were dumbfounded, they never thought that this little guy would release such a super big opportunity like this, and return it to the tour group?
你到底要招募多少人参加？ How many people are you going to recruit?
这个问题嘛，王叶就不打算和两位学长细谈了。 Wang Ye didn't plan to discuss this question with the two seniors.
王叶操纵虫巢进入向外的通道，出去后，就把所有捞进来的人都放了。
Wang Ye manipulated the insect nest into the outward passage, and after going out, he released all the people who fished it in.
但王叶没从虫巢中出来，他直接就跑了。 But Wang Ye didn't come out of the hive, he ran away.
那些被从虫巢中放出来的人，惊讶又茫然地看看左右。 Those who were released from the hive looked left and right in surprise and confusion.
熟悉的风景，他们这是从超级旋风里出来了？ Familiar scenery, they are coming out of the super whirlwind?
众人最后集中到两名黑袍人面前，想跟他们打听消息。 Everyone finally gathered in front of the two black-robed men, wanting to inquire about them for news.
荀炎和唐圆圆只简单说明是雷木和雷叶兄弟俩救了他们，其他都没详细说。
Xun Yan and Tang Yuanyuan only briefly explained that it was the brothers Lei Mu and Lei Ye who saved them, and did not elaborate on anything else.
有人打量现场人员，发现并不是所有乘客都在其中，尤其是追捕单天行的一行人，一个都没有。
Someone looked at the people at the scene and found that not all the passengers were among them, especially the group chasing Shan Tianxing, there was not a single one.
而单天行这个关键人物也不在。 And the key figure of Shan Tianxing is not there.
在场的超凡者没有一个是笨蛋，自然都能推想到那对兄弟极有可能得到了藏宝图。
None of the transcendents present were stupid, and naturally they could all deduce that the pair of brothers had most likely obtained the treasure map.
有人开始互相传递眼色。 Someone started passing glances to each other.
有人已经决定要把这个消息卖出去。 Someone has already decided to sell the news.
有人冲着那对兄弟救了自己，打算帮对方保守秘密。 Someone saved himself from the brothers, intending to help each other keep a secret.
还有人仰头看着头顶的能量旋风带，已经做好就等在附近的准备。
Others looked up at the whirlwind of energy overhead, ready to wait nearby.
荀炎和唐圆圆见此情形，心中暗笑。他们之前还觉得那孩子的行为很傻，可现在，他们忽然发现那孩子是真聪明，聪明到……稍微有那么点欠揍！
Seeing this, Xun Yan and Tang Yuanyuan smiled secretly in their hearts. They used to think that the child's behavior was stupid, but now, they suddenly realized that the child was really smart, so smart that he was ...... A little underwhelming!
想想看，消息传出后的情形吧。 Think about what happened after the news broke.
消息确实传出去了，而且速度极快。 The word did get out, and it was extremely fast.
几乎一夕之间，整个裂隙战场九成五以上的人都知道了一个爆炸性新闻：陨星那个超级小天才雷叶掌握了正确进入能量旋风带的方法！
Almost overnight, more than ninety out of ten people in the entire rift battlefield knew about an explosive news: Lei Ye, the super genius of the falling star, had mastered the correct way to enter the energy whirlwind belt!
与这个消息相连的，就是藏宝图和单天行的信息。 Connected to this message is the treasure map and the information of the single day traveler.
越来越多的人往幸运乘客们出来的地点集中，所有人都认定这里是能量旋风带的出入口。
More and more people are congregating on the location where the lucky passengers came out, and everyone agrees that this is the entrance and exit of the energy whirlwind belt.
这可是第一次有这么多人能从旋风带中活着出来，所以那些活着出来的乘客都被称为了幸运乘客。
This is the first time that so many people have come out of the whirlwind belt alive, so those passengers who made it out alive are called lucky passengers.
裂隙战场高层自然也收到了消息，他们不知道王叶他们也出了旋风带，还以为他们现在就在旋风带里面。
The high-level leaders of the rift battlefield naturally also received the news, they didn't know that Wang Ye and they were also out of the whirlwind belt, and thought that they were in the whirlwind belt now.
所有担心王叶和雷木的人，也都在赶往那个出入口，为的就是保护出来后的兄弟俩。
All the people who were worried about Wang Ye and Lei Mu were also rushing to that entrance, in order to protect the brothers after they came out.
想想看，那时那两人身上至少会有一把秘境钥匙，那得多少人为之疯狂？
Think about it, those two people will have at least one secret realm key on them at that time, so how many people must be crazy about it?
当荀炎和唐圆圆把消息传递到陨星高层，陨星的校长大人和几位隐藏幕后的大佬也坐不住了。
When Xun Yan and Tang Yuanyuan passed the news to the upper echelons of the Meteorite, the principal of the Meteorite and several bigwigs who were hiding behind the scenes couldn't sit still.
你妈！他们学校的学生竟然弄到了那三把传说中的秘境钥匙？
Your mother! The students of their school actually got those three legendary secret realm keys?
啊，还没弄到？这不是快了吗？ Ah, haven't got it yet? Isn't that fast?
想想看那三把秘境钥匙代表了什么吧，这个消息一传出，就问哪个老怪物能坐得住？
Think about what those three secret realm keys represent, as soon as the news came out, I asked which old monster could sit still?
“小兔崽子，事情搞得一次比一次大，他这是想把天都给捅出一个窟窿吗！”时校长气得骂。
"Little rabbit, things are getting bigger and bigger every time, is he trying to poke a hole in the sky!" Principal Shi scolded angrily.
“他已经捅了。”一位实力丝毫不比时校长弱的黑袍大佬说道。
"He's already stabbed." A black-robed boss whose strength was no weaker than that of Principal Shi said.
“行了，现在不是骂你徒弟的时候，我们尽快赶去，这可是我们学校学生的机缘，可不能给其他势力和老怪物们抢走。”另一名黑袍大佬一本正经地说。
"Okay, now is not the time to scold your apprentice, let's rush as soon as possible, this is an opportunity for our school students, we can't give it to other forces and old monsters to snatch it." Another black-robed boss said seriously.
“对，保护我校学生人人有责，我们赶紧过去吧。”又一名黑袍大佬兴冲冲道。
"Yes, everyone has a responsibility to protect our students, let's hurry over." Another black-robed boss rushed excitedly.
时校长无语地扫视这些老怪物们。这些老家伙一个个说得好听，还不是心动那三个秘境的机缘。否则一个学生出事，哪可能把他们引出来。
Headmaster Shi wordlessly glanced at the old monsters. These old guys are talking nicely one by one, and it is not the chance to move those three secret realms. Otherwise, if something happens to a student, how can it lead them out.
“花海啊，你还在耽搁什么？走了！” "Huahai, what are you still delaying? Let's go! ”
时校长板脸道：“你们不能全都跟我去裂隙战场，至少得留下一人守护学校。”
Principal Shi said with a straight face: "You can't all go to the rift battlefield with me, at least one person must be left to guard the school." ”
几位老怪物互看，谁都不想留下来。 Several old monsters looked at each other, and no one wanted to stay.
时校长拍板：“抽签你们会作弊，那就划拳，一次定输赢，谁输谁留下。”
Principal Shi made a decision: "You will cheat in the lottery, then draw a fist, win or lose at one time, and whoever loses will stay." ”
“你也得参加。”老怪物之一不爽道。 "You have to participate, too." One of the old monsters said unpleasantly.
时校长傲然昂起头：“我为什么要参加？出事的是我的弟子，我这个当师父的当然要去拯救我心爱的小徒弟。”
Principal Shi raised his head proudly: "Why should I participate? It was my disciple who had an accident, and of course I, the master, had to save my beloved little apprentice. ”
陨星老怪物们看着这样的时穿行都特别手痒，但人家的理由特别堂堂正正，你能不让人家当师父的去救自己徒弟吗？
The old monsters of the Meteorite are very itchy when they look at this kind of walking, but the reasons of the people are very dignified, can you not let the master save your apprentice?
最后，因为输掉划拳而被迫留下的大佬脸黑得堪比暴风雨之夜。
In the end, the big guy who was forced to stay because of the loss of the stroke punch had a black face comparable to a stormy night.
时校长走的时候，还顺手把自己正在调查的工作扔给了对方：“有人搞夺舍和寄生那一套，学校正在排查所有教职员工和学生，虽然已经排查过一次，但还是不够细致，除了学生，还有陨星城，以及和我们学校来往密切的一些供应商，这些人都得注意。包括学校的魔兽，这次也得加入排查中。另外，我们已经派出人去追查源头……”
When the principal left, he also threw the work he was investigating to the other party: "Someone is engaged in snatching and parasitism, the school is checking all the staff and students, although it has been checked once, but it is still not detailed enough, in addition to the students, there is also Meteorite City, and some suppliers who are close to our school, these people have to pay attention." Including the school's Warcraft, this time it also has to be added to the investigation. In addition, we have sent people to trace the source......"
“行了，我知道了，这事就交给我！”不能去裂隙战场找机缘的老怪物心情糟糕得一米，他恨不得把所有怒火都发泄出去。
"Okay, I know, I'll leave this matter to me!" The old monster who couldn't go to the rift battlefield to find a chance was in a bad mood, and he couldn't wait to vent all his anger.
于是…… Thereupon......
陨星学校和陨星城被这位大佬搞得风声鹤唳鸡飞狗跳一事就暂时不说了。
Meteorite School and Meteorite City were made a lot of noise by this big guy, so let's not talk about it for the time being.
裂隙战场这边，王叶还没有立刻去开团招人。 On this side of the rift battlefield, Wang Ye has not immediately gone to recruit people.
因为他正在等待他的大靠山们醒来。 Because he is waiting for his great patrons to wake up.
反正能量旋风带有三十天的开放期，他完全等得起。 The anti-positive whirlwind comes with a thirty-day open period, and he can afford to wait.
兰道师父是第一个醒来的。 Master Landau was the first to wake up.
醒来后的兰道师父实力顺利进入九级顶阶，距离圣级就只有一线之差。
After waking up, Master Landau's strength successfully entered the top level of the ninth level, and he was only one line away from the holy level.
而且实力加强后的兰道师父看起来似乎更加风华绝代。 And after the strengthened strength, Master Lan Dao seems to be even more magnificent.
王叶不禁跟雷木小声道：“你有没有觉得兰道师父的进化方向就是美美美？”
Wang Ye couldn't help but whisper to Lei Mu: "Do you think that Master Landau's evolution direction is Meimeimei?" ”
被人如此调侃自己的亲爹，雷木没好气地拍了王叶一巴掌。
was ridiculed by his own father like this, Lei Mu slapped Wang Ye angrily.
王叶半点没觉得疼地盯着雷木的脸看。 Wang Ye stared at Lei Mu's face without feeling any pain.
雷木脸上打出问号。 A question mark was put on Remu's face.
王叶感叹：“木木啊，你可是有着兰道师父的基因，所以你以后的进化方向会不会也是帅帅帅？这让同为男性的我，压力很大啊。”
Wang Ye sighed: "Mumu, you have the genes of Master Landau, so will your future evolution direction also be handsome and handsome?" This makes me, who is also a man, very stressful. ”
雷木张手盖住王叶的脸蛋，毫不留情地把他镇压了。 Lei Mu opened his hand to cover Wang Ye's face and suppressed him mercilessly.
紧接着醒来的就是虫老。 The next thing to wake up is the worm old.
虫老睁开眼后，疯药王就感叹：“圣级啦，那小兔崽子以后大概可以在双月星横着走了。”
After the worm elder opened his eyes, the Mad Medicine King sighed: "Holy level, that little rabbit cub will probably be able to walk sideways in the future on the Double Moon Star." ”
靳蜘蛛接话：“他之前也没直着走。” Jin Spider answered: "He didn't go straight before. ”
疯药王噗噗笑。 The Mad Medicine King smirked.
王叶蹲到虫老面前，仰头看，还哇哇感叹：“老头升级后竟然变帅哥了，这魔幻的世界哦！”
Wang Ye squatted in front of the old worm, looked up, and sighed: "The old man has become a handsome guy after upgrading, this magical world!" ”
虫老摸摸自己的脸，他倒不是很在意自己是否恢复青春，实力的加强才是最让他愉快的。
The worm touched his face, he didn't really care if he regained his youth, the strengthening of his strength was what made him the most happy.
闻笛暂时还没有醒来的迹象，包括生命之树也还在沉睡中。
Wen Di showed no signs of waking up for the time being, including the Tree of Life, which was still asleep.
王叶就把兰道和虫老拉到面前，开了一个小会。 Wang Ye pulled Lan Dao and the insect elder in front of him and had a small meeting.
“师父们，有件事我得跟你们打个招呼。我和木木打算组建一个旅行团，内容我们都准备好了，现在就差全战场公布。喏，这是我们呕心沥血写出来的广告词，你们给看看，还有什么要修改的吗？”
"Master, there's something I need to say hello to you. Mu Mu and I plan to form a tour group, and we are all ready for the content, and now we will announce the whole battlefield. Well, this is the advertising slogan that we have worked so hard to write, you can take a look, is there anything else to revise? ”
王叶笑嘻嘻地推出一张纸。 Wang Ye smiled and pushed out a piece of paper.
虫老只看王叶那小表情就知道这小兔崽子肯定没干好事。
The insect elder only looked at Wang Ye's little expression and knew that this little rabbit cub must not have done anything good.
兰道伸手，先把那张纸拿了起来。 Landau reached out and picked up the piece of paper first.
拿起纸张的时候，他脸上还带着笑，但等把纸张上的内容看到一半，他就笑不出来了。等看完，他默默地把纸张递到了虫老面前。
He still had a smile on his face when he picked up the paper, but when he saw half of the contents, he couldn't laugh anymore. After reading it, he silently handed the paper to the worm elder.
来，不能我一个人接受刺激。看看你的宝贝徒弟都干了啥。
Come on, I can't be the only one to be stimulated. Look at what your precious apprentices have done.
虫老不明所以地接过纸张，低头看内容。 The worm took the paper for some unknown reason and looked down at the contents.
【旋风带探险旅游团报名须知！ 【Whirlwind Belt Adventure Tour Group Registration Instructions!】
亲爱的朋友们，我们都知道能量旋风带里隐藏着多么大的机缘，可至今为止，都没有人能得到这份机缘，甚至进入这个旋风带的人，也没有谁能活着出来。
Dear friends, we all know how great the opportunity is hidden in the energy whirlwind belt, but so far, no one has been able to get this opportunity, and even those who enter this whirlwind belt have not been able to come out alive.
可现在，有人给你们带来了接触这个机缘和得到莫大机缘的机会！
But now, someone has brought you the opportunity to get in touch with this opportunity and get a great opportunity!
这不是虚假宣传，也不是害人的阴谋，这就是团长胆小怕死，不敢一个人拿下这么大的机缘，所以打算把危险和机缘一起分送出去。
This is not false propaganda, nor is it a conspiracy to harm people, this is that the regiment commander is timid and afraid of death, and he does not dare to take such a big opportunity alone, so he plans to send the danger and chance together.
团长保证会把所有参团人员安全地带入机缘入口，如果参团人员愿意听指挥，也可以允诺把人安全带出。
The head of the regiment promised to bring all the participants into the entrance of the opportunity safely, and if the participants were willing to listen to the command, they could also promise to take them out safely.
团长保证机缘属实，没有半字虚假。 The head of the regiment assured that the opportunity was true and that there was no half-word falsehood.
团长保证在没有受到侵害下，不会主动抢夺他人机缘。 The head of the regiment promised that he would not take the initiative to rob others of opportunities without being violated.
团长保证谁能得到什么，全看各自福缘。 The head of the regiment guarantees that who gets what depends on their own fortune.
亲，想成神吗？想突破到十级乃至十一级吗？想成为天命之子吗？想从此天老大你老二吗？
Dear, do you want to become a god? Want to break through to level 10 or even 11? Want to be a child of destiny? Do you want to be the eldest of you from now on?
来报名旋风带探险旅游团吧！ Sign up for the Whirlwind Belt Adventure Tour!
报名费只需998枚标准二级魔晶！ The registration fee is only 998 standard second-level magic crystals!
998！只要998！你买不了吃亏买不了上当！如此低廉的价格，您还等什么？
998！ Just 998! You can't buy it, you can't afford to lose money, you can't be fooled! With such a low price, what are you waiting for?
难道您要把唾手可得的机缘送给别人吗？ Do you want to give away an opportunity that is at your fingertips?
哦，你以为旋风带里只有三把钥匙吗？以为我们会傻乎乎地带着三把钥匙出来让人抢夺吗？
Oh, you thought there were only three keys in the whirlwind belt? Thought we would stupidly come out with three keys for someone to snatch?
呵！别做梦了，团长不傻。 Scold! Don't dream, the regimental commander is not stupid.
旋风带里到底拥有什么样的机缘？那三把钥匙又到底是怎么回事？
What kind of opportunities are there in the whirlwind belt? What's going on with those three keys?
想知道这一切，请务必报名旋风带探险旅游团！ If you want to know all this, be sure to sign up for the Whirlwind Belt Adventure Tour!
报名截止时间&a集合时间：即日起至6月20日上午十点整。
Registration deadline &a. Meeting time: from now until 10 a.m. on June 20.
交费处&集合处：大家都知道的地方，幸运乘客出现点，四号营地往东两百里处。
Toll Office & Meeting Point: A place that everyone knows, the lucky passenger appears at the point, two hundred miles east of Camp 4.
旅游团团长：雷叶&雷木 Tour leader: Lei Ye & Lei Mu
旅游团安保实力：药虫双绝法圣虫老魔、卷轴大宗师法宗兰道、医药阵三绝大师法宗闻笛，以及神秘古法圣两位，神秘半神一位，以及其他不方便透露的顶级安保力量。
The security strength of the tour group: the old demon of the medicine insect double absolute law holy worm, the scroll grand master law sect Lan Dao, the medicine array three master law master law sect Wendi, as well as two mysterious ancient law saints, a mysterious demigod, and other top security forces that are inconvenient to reveal.
旅游团后台：陨星魔法学校 Backstage of the tour: Meteorite School of Magic
注！本旅游团所有解释权归旅游团团长所有。】 Concentrate! All interpretation rights of this tour group belong to the tour leader. 】
时校长带着陨星几位圣级老怪物匆忙赶到裂隙战场时，他第一眼看到的就是贴在传送阵外的这张醒目告示。
When Principal Shi hurried to the rift battlefield with several saint-level old monsters from the Falling Star, the first thing he saw was this eye-catching notice posted outside the teleportation array.
告示当然不是王叶贴的，他还没这么闲。 Of course, the notice was not posted by Wang Ye, he was not so idle.
但有人帮忙啊，当王叶把旅游团的招募告示发出后，全裂隙战场都翻腾开了，招募内容不到一个小时就传遍了战场各处。
But someone helped, when Wang Ye sent out the recruitment notice for the tour group, the entire rift battlefield was turned upside down, and the recruitment content spread all over the battlefield in less than an hour.
某些有心人为了让更多人看到该旅游团的招募内容，更是誊写后张贴到各处。
In order to let more people see the recruitment content of the tour group, some well-wishers even transcribed it and posted it everywhere.
就连树人族和木精灵那里都得到了消息，可见这个招募广告传得有多远多深入。
Even the Treants and Wood Elves have gotten the news, which shows how far and deep this recruitment advertisement has spread.
一些傻乎乎等在旋风带出入口的超凡者这时心情都特别复杂。
Some of the transcendents who were stupidly waiting for the entrance and exit of the whirlwind belt were in a particularly complicated mood at this time.
更不要说一些暗中密谋，不知准备了多少阴谋诡计，就等着抢夺钥匙的阴谋者们。
Not to mention some conspirators who are secretly plotting, I don't know how many conspiracies and tricks have been prepared, just waiting to snatch the key.
这、这算什么？ W-What is this?
这到底是哪来的奇葩？绝大的机缘竟然还能被你这样玩？
Where did this come from? The great chance that you can still be played like this?
“后台是陨星魔法学校，他还真敢写！”时校长看着旅游团的广告单，乐得不行，单手擦着胡渣大笑。
"Backstage is the Falling Star Magic School, he really dares to write!" Principal Shi looked at the advertising list of the tour group, and was so happy that he wiped his beard with one hand and laughed.
但随即他又不满道：“这小兔崽子怎么就把我名字忘了挂上去？这才多少天没见，他就忘了我也是他师父了吗？真不像话！”
But then he was dissatisfied: "Why did this little rabbit forget my name?" I haven't seen him for a few days, and he forgot that I am also his master? That's not true! ”
陨星的老怪物们：“……”这满嘴的酸味哦。不对，这是重点吗？
Old monsters of the Falling Star: "......" is full of sour taste. No, that's the point?
一位大佬正要说什么，就听时校长又惊声道：“哎呀！这小兔崽子不会是在吹牛吧？还是虫老魔真的突破到圣级了？兰道和闻笛也突破了？等等，这里面一堆圣级还有半神级是什么意思？他什么时候找了这么多靠山？”
A big guy was about to say something, when he heard the principal exclaim again: "Oops! This little bunny can't be bragging, right? Or did the worm old demon really break through to the holy level? Landau and Wendi also broke through? Wait, what does it mean that there are a bunch of saints and demigods in here? When did he find so many backers? ”
陨星的老怪物们：“……来，我们来聊聊你这个小徒弟！”
Old Monsters of the Falling Star: "...... Come, let's talk about you little apprentice! ”
时校长拒聊，他要赶紧去找他的宝贝小徒弟。 Principal Shi refused to talk, and he wanted to hurry to find his precious little apprentice.
这小子挂那么多靠山，竟然独独把他忘了，这绝对不能忍！这可是关乎到徒弟归属权的严重问题！
This kid has so many backers, and he forgot about him alone, this is absolutely unbearable! This is a serious question about the right of the apprentice!
但时校长还没找到他的小徒弟，就被好些个大佬给拦住了。
But before the headmaster could find his little apprentice, he was stopped by several big guys.
“时校长，你来得正好，你不来我们也要联系你。我们来谈谈你们学校几个学生，以及你们学校当后台的这个探险旅游团吧。”前双月魔法学校校长，现裂隙战场高层汲睿微笑道。
"Principal Shi, you came just in time, if you don't come, we will contact you. Let's talk about a few of your students and the adventure tour group that your school is behind us. Ji Rui, the former headmaster of the Twin Moon Magic School and now the high-level of the rift battlefield, smiled.
第285章 靠山来了 Chapter 285: The Backer Is Coming
时校长虽然没有学过太极拳，但他显然深谙太极之道。 Although Principal Shi had never studied Tai Chi, he was clearly well versed in the way of Tai Chi.
他表示要谈可以，等他见到“我校学生”以后再说，没见到王叶和雷木之前，他不会和裂隙战场高层聊任何事。
He said that it was okay to talk about it, and he would talk about it after he met the "students of our school", and he would not talk about anything with the high-level of the rift battlefield until he met Wang Ye and Lei Mu.
目前的双月星，还没有人能拦得住一名十级的武宗和四名同样圣级的老怪物。
At present, no one in the Twin Moon Stars has been able to stop a tenth-level martial sect and four old monsters of the same holy level.
汲睿深吸气，在心中再一次把现任双月魔法学校校长骂了一通——雷木和那个小叶子据说可都是银月帝国出身，银月帝国在哪里？不就在双月隔壁？这么近的关系，竟然没有把人收进来。本来有个闻笛，还有一定可能把人吸引到双月。结果呢？
Ji Rui took a deep breath and scolded the current principal of the Twin Moon School of Magic once again in his heart - Lei Mu and that little leaf are said to be from the Silver Moon Empire, where is the Silver Moon Empire? Isn't it right next door to the two moons? Such a close relationship didn't even bring people in. Originally, there was a flute, and it was definitely possible to attract people to the two moons. The result?
布鲁那个笨蛋竟然得罪了闻笛，不但没能把雷木和小叶子两兄弟勾引到双月，反而让闻笛也跑掉了！
That stupid guy in Blue actually offended Wendi, not only failed to seduce the two brothers Lei Mu and Xiao Yezi to Shuangyue, but let Wen Di run away!
当然，感觉最吃亏的不止是双月学校，昨天他碰到就位于银月帝国范围的西顿魔法学校前校长，一直在嘀咕撒尔曼大帝不够意思，两孩子竟然一个都没有送到西顿。
Of course, it was not only the Double Moon School that felt the most at a loss, yesterday he met the former principal of the Sidon School of Magic and Magic, which was located within the scope of the Silver Moon Empire, and kept muttering that the Salman Emperor was not interesting enough, and neither of the two children was sent to Sidon.
“除了那个旅游团，我还收到消息，与瘤背怪有关。你知道那两兄弟很可能溜进了瘤背怪的营地，甚至有可能弄到瘤背怪的活口了吗？”汲睿与时校长边走边说。
"In addition to that tour, I also received a message that it was related to the tumorback. Did you know that the two brothers probably slipped into the Lumpback's camp and might even have gotten their hands on the Lumpback? Ji Rui and Principal Shi said as they walked.
时校长脚步一顿，扯起一个特别虚伪的笑容：“哦，听到一点。那两孩子真了不起不是吗？你们贡献点给足了吧？”
Principal Shi paused and pulled a particularly hypocritical smile: "Oh, hear a little. Those two kids are amazing, aren't they? You've contributed enough, right? ”
汲睿：“……贡献点不会少他们的！你难道没听懂重点？”
Kire: "...... Contribution points will not be less theirs! Don't you get the point? ”
“重点就是我需要赶紧见到那几个孩子。你确定你要继续问我这些我也许要问那些孩子的问题？”时校长一副他真什么都不知道的无辜模样。
"The point is that I need to get to see those kids as soon as possible. Are you sure you're going to keep asking me these questions that I might want to ask those kids? Principal Shi looked innocent that he really didn't know anything.
“他还说我们内部有背叛者，还提到了四个组织的名字，还提到我们中有可能有人和瘤背怪合作……”汲睿再也忍不住，声音也微微提高：“你不觉得你们这两个学生知道得太多了些吗？”
"He also said that we have betrayers within us, and mentioned the names of the four organizations, and mentioned that some of us may be working with the lumberback......" Ji Rui couldn't hold back any longer, and his voice raised slightly, "Don't you think you two students know too much?" ”
时校长认真思考一秒，摇头：“真是太不像话了！你等着，我这就去教训他们！这是他们小孩子该做的事情吗？这种事本来就该是我们这些成年人、所谓的高手大佬才应该做的事情。可是我们这么多年下来，除了维持了这么一个略微平衡的局面，我们还做了什么？”
Principal Shi thought seriously for a second and shook his head: "It's really unbelievable!" Wait, I'll teach them a lesson!" Is this what their little ones are supposed to do? This kind of thing should be something that only adults, the so-called masters, should do. But what have we done over the years, apart from maintaining such a slightly balanced situation? ”
汲睿怎么可能听不出时校长满满的嘲讽，他当然不可能接受这份讽刺：“你也在这边待过，你也清楚有些事不是那么简单。”
How could Ji Rui not hear the headmaster's full ridicule, of course he couldn't accept this sarcasm: "You've been here too, and you know that some things are not so simple. ”
“懂，要平衡。但这真的是我们要的平衡吗？也许这只是某些人在为暗中发展己方势力而在拖延时间，可我们却以为这是大家尽到最大努力的结果。”
"Yes, you have to be balanced. But is this really the balance we want? Maybe it's just some people who are stalling for time to secretly develop their own power, but we think it's the result of everyone's best efforts. ”
汲睿想说什么。 What did Ji Rui want to say.
时校长竖起手指，“小叶子，我是说我之前收下的小兔崽子，也就是我弟子，他跟我说过这么一个词。”
Principal Shi raised his fingers, "Xiao Yezi, I mean the little rabbit cub I accepted before, that is, my disciple, he told me such a word. ”
汲睿：你真的不需要加那么多前缀，我知道那个小叶子是你徒弟！
Ji Rui: You really don't need to add so many prefixes, I know that little leaf is your apprentice!
时校长靠近汲睿，宛如说悄悄话般，实际说的声音贼大，保证两边的人都能听得一清二楚：“养寇自重。”
Principal Shi approached Ji Rui, as if whispering, but actually said in a loud voice, ensuring that people on both sides could hear it clearly: "Raise your own respect." ”
汲睿皱眉。 Kiri frowned.
时校长像跟老友说话一样，拍了拍汲睿的肩膀：“裂隙战场存在这么多年，你敢说某些人没有这样的想法？想想看，裂隙战场调用的资源，因为这边是前线，不说那些国家，就只我们各大魔法学校向这边输送了多少战士和多少给养？而这些资源，你确定都用在了战场上吗？”
Principal Shi patted Ji Rui's shoulder as if he was talking to an old friend: "The Rift Battlefield has existed for so many years, do you dare to say that some people don't have such thoughts?" Think about it, the resources mobilized by the rift battlefield, because this side is the front line, not to mention those countries, only how many soldiers and how many supplies have our major magic schools sent to this side? And are you sure that all these resources are used on the battlefield? ”
“你指有人在暗中贪污？”汲睿盯着时校长的眼睛：“你知道什么？”
"You mean someone is secretly embezzling?" Ji Rui stared into Principal Shi's eyes: "What do you know? ”
时校长顾左右言其他：“当然，这个战场的存在对于锻炼双月星的超凡者确实很有用，但是你们不觉得现在的裂隙战场已经变味，这边已经多久没有大型战斗了？我们又有多久没去冒险探寻瘤背怪的发展情况？”
Principal Shi looked left and right and said, "Of course, the existence of this battlefield is indeed very useful for training the transcendents of the Double Moon Star, but don't you think that the current rift battlefield has changed its taste, how long has it been since there has been a large-scale battle here?" How long has it been since we've ventured into the development of the Tumbleback? ”
汲睿脑中闪过什么。 Something flashed through Kiri's mind.
时校长勾起唇角，“走吧，你想问我的事，我也很想问问那两个小兔崽子。我们就别耽误时间了。”
Principal Shi curled the corners of his lips, "Let's go, if you want to ask me about it, I also want to ask those two little rabbit cubs." Let's not lose time. ”
汲睿有很多疑问，但他身边还有其他人在，而他们刚才的话题已经不适合再深入。
Ji Rui had a lot of questions, but there were other people around him, and the topic they had just talked about was no longer suitable for further study.
当天，随着陨星魔法学校的校长率领四名圣级起来给自家学生撑腰和坐镇的消息传开，凡是陨星人都在往旋风带出入口跑。
On the same day, as the news spread that the principal of the Meteorite Magic School led four saint-level people to support and sit in charge of their students, all the meteorites were running towards the entrance and exit of the whirlwind.
小叶子和雷木包括单天行可都是陨星人，这种陨星人组办的探险旅游团，总不会拒绝自家人吧？
Xiao Yezi and Lei Mu, including Shan Tianxing, are all meteorites, and this kind of adventure tour group organized by meteorites will never refuse their own families, right?
别人看陨星人都往那边跑，越发觉得这事不可能是骗局。
When others saw the meteorites running over there, they felt more and more that this could not be a hoax.
而且陨星的校长和隐藏大佬都来了，骗局怎么都不可能这么大手笔。
Moreover, the principal of the Meteorite and the hidden boss are here, so it is impossible for the scam to be so generous.
四号营地自从建立开始至今从没有这么热闹过。 Camp 4 has never been so lively since its inception.
原本一天只有数班的魔法列车翻了三倍趟数还供不应求，尤其是安全区过来的列车从原本的一日一班临时增加为一日三班。
The magic trains, which originally had only a few flights a day, tripled and the demand was still in short supply, especially the trains coming from the safety zone were temporarily increased from one a day to three a day.
四号营地到处都是人，不过这些人绝大多数都不会在营地多待，他们的目标只有一个，往东两百里地的旋风带出入口。
Camp 4 was full of people, but most of them didn't stay in camp for long, and they had only one goal, the whirlwind two hundred miles to the east.
这里原本是一片荒无人烟的砂砾地，连棵草都看不到。 It was originally a deserted gravel field, and not even a single grass could be seen.
可现在，任谁来到这里，都会以为这里原本就有一个中型城镇。
But now, anyone who comes here thinks that there is a medium-sized town here.
这里的人口数量在这段时间暴涨，甚至让人生出裂隙战场中只要能抽出时间和空闲的人是不是都到这里来了的错觉。
The population of this place has skyrocketed during this time, and even gives people the illusion that anyone who can spare time and free time in the rift battlefield has come here.
有人就有生意做，有生意做，就有人住下来。 Some people have a business to do, and if there is a business to do, there are people to live.
能来裂隙战场的超凡者大多都有储物工具，随身携带一个帐篷还是不难的，有条件好的，直接拿出魔法塔的都有。
Most of the transcendents who can come to the rift battlefield have storage tools, and it is not difficult to carry a tent with them.
还有人把飞行魔器当做临时居所，更有人临时使用魔法建造房子。
Others use flying magic weapons as temporary shelters, and some use magic to build houses temporarily.
因为没有规划，这片地区的房屋和位置也都千奇百怪。 Because there is no planning, the houses and locations in this area are also very strange.
不过只要仔细观察就会发现一个规则。 However, if you look closely, you will find a rule.
这个规则就是以一个金属箱子和一个木牌为中心，从内往外，越是靠近内侧的住户，实力就越高。
This rule is centered on a metal box and a wooden sign, from the inside out, the closer to the inner side of the household, the higher the strength.
很早以前过来占地的人如果实力不高，都乖乖移了出去。
The people who came to occupy the land a long time ago had obediently moved out if their strength was not high.
幸好这里只要交旅游团报团费，所有人都能进入旋风带，所以也没什么人非要争个靠里的位置。
Fortunately, everyone can enter the whirlwind belt as long as they pay the tour group fee, so no one has to compete for a place in the middle.
只不过胆小和实力不高的人，走到最内侧去缴纳探险费时，需要顶着重重打量的眼神，以及大佬们有意无意释放出的威压。
It's just that people who are timid and not very strong, when they go to the innermost side to pay the expedition fee, they need to look at them with heavy eyes, as well as the coercion released by the bigwigs intentionally or unintentionally.
“就是这里？”两名年轻人咬着牙，顶着周围无数打量的眼神，走进中心地带。
"This is it?" The two young men gritted their teeth and walked into the center with countless scrutiny around them.
他们后悔，早知就在最初人最多的时候过来，听说那时候大家都在排队，也没谁特意打量谁。
They regretted it, knowing that they had come here at the beginning when there were the most people, and they heard that everyone was queuing up at that time, and no one bothered to look at anyone.
“怎么没人？”年轻人之一惊讶，左右四看。 "Why is there no one?" One of the young men was surprised and looked around.
“这有一口箱子，还有一个牌子，牌子上有内容。” "There's a box here, and there's a sign with the contents on it."
两名年轻人凑到牌子前，就见木牌上一面写着旅游团的广告内容，一面写着入团人员建议以及缴费方法。
When the two young people got to the sign, they saw that the wooden sign was written on one side of the advertisement content of the tour group, and on the other hand, the suggestions for joining the group and the payment method were written.
缴费方法很简单，只要把探险费用一个袋子装上，附上缴费者的精神力，放入魔力收钱箱。
The payment method is very simple, just put the expedition fee in a bag, attach the mental power of the payer, and put it in the magic cash box.
箱子会自动记录报名者的精神力并查验所交费用，它还能找你零头，同样如果你费用不对，它也会提醒你，要么补缴，要么就直接退款。
The box will automatically record the applicant's mental power and check the fee paid, it can also find you change, and if you don't pay the right fee, it will also remind you, either pay back or refund directly.
没人会在这时候玩什么花样，如果缴费不足，被拒绝入团，最后吃亏的还是自己。
No one will play any tricks at this time, if the payment is insufficient, they will be rejected from joining the group, and they will suffer in the end.
如果没问题，箱子会吐出一枚金属片，这枚金属片就是集合时的凭证。而持有金属片的人的精神力必须和金属片符合才会被认可，所以被抢走没用。
If that's fine, the box will spit out a piece of metal, which is the proof of assembly. And the mental power of the person holding the metal piece must match the metal piece to be recognized, so it is useless to be robbed.
“这个入团人员建议是什么意思？”年轻人明明看到了内容，却仍旧有点稀里糊涂。
"What does this group member suggestion mean?" The young man clearly saw the content, but he was still a little confused.
另一名年轻人看着建议推测：“这上面说一旦进入旋风带风眼，有可能会长期滞留，因为里面情况不明，建议多带生存物资。另外生还率有可能极低，危险极高，让大家三思。”
Another young man looked at the suggestion and speculated: "It says that once you enter the eye of the whirlwind belt, you may stay for a long time, because the situation inside is unknown, it is recommended to bring more survival materials." In addition, the survival rate may be extremely low, and the danger is extremely high, so let everyone think twice. ”
“不是说只要听团长的指挥，就保证能活着出来吗？” "Didn't you say that as long as you listen to the command of the regiment commander, you are guaranteed to come out alive?"
“你真的确保能从始至终都听团长指挥？看到好东西你会忍住不拿、不抢？”
"Do you really make sure that you can listen to the head of the regiment from start to finish? When you see something good, will you resist taking it or grabbing it? ”
两名年轻人互看，但他们最终还是选择了往魔法收钱箱内扔了报团费，并拿到了各自的金属牌。
The two young men looked at each other, but they eventually chose to throw the tour fee into the magic cash box and get their respective metal cards.
等到这两名年轻人离去，有人自动给王叶他们算了一笔账：“又增加了两个，这五天下来，他们光是报名费就已经赚了多少？”
When the two young people left, someone automatically calculated an account for Wang Ye and them: "Two more have been added, and in the past five days, how much have they earned just for the registration fee?" ”
“是啊，看起来只有千枚不到的二级魔晶，稍微有点底蕴的人都能拿出来。但这可不是一两个人，至今为止最起码已经有千人报名，有些还是团体报，我都不确定到底有多少人实际报了名。”
"Yes, it seems that there are only a thousand second-level magic crystals, and anyone with a little bit of background can take them out. But it's not one or two people, at least 1,000 people have signed up so far, some are still group newspapers, and I'm not sure how many people have actually signed up. ”
“他们也聪明，人躲了起来。他们如果不躲，说不定就有些眼红这笔庞大收入的人对他们下手。”
"They are also smart, and people are hiding. If they don't hide, maybe some people who are jealous of this huge income will attack them. ”
“嗯，比起那看不见摸不着的机缘，这些魔晶可都是实实在在的。”
"Well, compared to the unseen and untouchable chances, these magic crystals are real."
“我更在乎的是，那两个陨星学生真的能带这么多人安全进入旋风带吗？”
"What I care more about is whether those two meteorite students can really bring so many people into the whirlwind belt safely?"
“你觉得就那两个小鬼，他们敢坑这么多大佬？就算他们能跑掉，陨星怎么跑？看看他亮出的那些靠山，都是大人物，这些人会陪着他们一起胡闹？”
"Do you think that with those two little ghosts, they dare to pit so many big guys? Even if they can run away, how can the meteor run? Look at the backers he showed, they are all big shots, and these people will accompany them to mess around? ”
“别说了，快看！那是陨星的魔法马车。” "Say no more, look! It was the magic carriage of the Falling Star. ”
王叶抽空回去了一趟地球，他从单天行那里得到了一些关于旋风带风眼真相的信息，怀疑那里有可能和外面的空间不相连，他也不确定进入那里后是否还能回去地球，所以他必须和他姑做一些交代。
Wang Ye took the time to go back to Earth, he got some information about the truth about the Eye of the Whirlwind Belt from Shan Tianxing, and suspected that it might not be connected to the outside space, and he was not sure if he could go back to Earth after entering there, so he had to explain something to his aunt.
虽然他有虫巢，但虫巢并不代表百分百的安全，最主要的是他是真身进入，不像地球玩家还能玩复活，他只有一条命，一旦玩完，那就是真的完了。
Although he has a hive, the hive does not mean 100% safe, the most important thing is that he enters in a real body, unlike earth players who can still play resurrection, he only has one life, and once he finishes playing, it is really over.
他不是悲观主义者，他只是习惯做好最坏打算，以防任何不测。
He's not a pessimist, he's just used to preparing for the worst in case anything happens.
他姑很想念他，还跟他说家里的阳台蔬菜卖得不错，现在颇有些回头客，开玩笑说她光是卖蔬菜都能养活自己。
His aunt misses him very much, and tells him that the balcony vegetables at home sell well, and now there are some repeat customers, joking that she can support herself just by selling vegetables.
王叶让他姑小心点，叮嘱给她吃的东西千万不要卖给别人。
Wang Ye asked his aunt to be careful, and told her not to sell anything to others.
他姑笑说自己又不傻，她卖的那些蔬菜也都是用种过几茬菜以后的土壤培育出来的蔬菜，口感依旧不错，但功效不会很夸张，顶多也就是稳稳血压、降降血脂之类。
He smiled and said that he was not stupid, and the vegetables she sold were all vegetables cultivated in the soil after planting a few vegetables, and the taste was still good, but the effect would not be exaggerated, at most, it would stabilize blood pressure and lower blood lipids.
买蔬菜的人也不至于买把菜特地送去检测。 People who buy vegetables will not buy vegetables and send them for testing.
王叶听他姑这么说也就放心了。 Wang Ye was relieved when he heard his aunt say this.
这姑侄俩都忘记了一件事，那就是量变可以引起质变。 The aunt and nephew have forgotten one thing, that is, quantitative change can cause qualitative change.
王叶带回家的一些培植土和培植液，多少都含了一些双月星的特有物质。
Some of the cultivation soil and cultivation liquid that Wang Ye brought home contained some unique substances of the Double Moon Star.
而双月星的特有物质是什么？ And what is the endemic substance of the double moon star?
自然是能量！ Nature is energy!
还有双月星特有的元素。 There are also elements specific to the Twin Moon Stars.
王叶随着等级提高，他对连魔植都算不上的蔬菜自然不会看在眼中，蔬菜中蕴含的那点魔力对他来说也几近于无。
As Wang Ye's level increased, he naturally didn't look at the vegetables that weren't even a magic plant, and the magic power contained in the vegetables was almost nothing to him.
王沐则是吃了太多侄子给的好东西，从药剂到果蔬，只要适合她身体并能养身的，王叶都会给准备一堆。
Wang Mu has eaten too many good things from her nephew, from medicines to fruits and vegetables, as long as it is suitable for her body and can nourish her body, Wang Ye will prepare a bunch of them.
王沐天天吃着这些好东西，才会不在乎她在自家阳台中的菜蔬。
Wang Mu eats these good things every day, so she doesn't care about the vegetables in her balcony.
而且王沐的身体素质也在不断提高，她身体中能吸收的能量也在增加，这就导致她同样忽略了阳台蔬菜中那一点点魔力和些许特殊的活性物质。
Moreover, Wang Mu's physical fitness is also improving, and the energy that can be absorbed in her body is also increasing, which causes her to also ignore the little magic power and some special active substances in the balcony vegetables.
偏巧，购买王沐蔬菜的客人中有个退休老太，她有个年弱多病的小孙子，主要是身体免疫系统出了问题。
Coincidentally, there was a retired lady among the guests who bought Wang Mu's vegetables, and she had a weak and sick little grandson, mainly because of the body's immune system.
因为小孙子身体不好，就被他父母送来和她一起住。 Because the youngest grandson was not in good health, he was sent by his parents to live with her.
她又只有一个人，身体也还健康，照顾孙子就很精心。 She is only one person, and she is still healthy, and she takes care of her grandson very carefully.
而老人舍不得在自己身上花钱，却十分舍得给孙子花。 The old man is reluctant to spend money on himself, but he is very willing to spend it on his grandson.
别人舍不得买的高价菜，她尝试买过一次后，因为孙子爱吃，她就经常跟王沐买，因为王沐不是专职卖菜，卖完成熟的那一批就不卖了，老太还特地加了王沐的微信，时不时地询问有没有多余的蔬菜卖。
Others are reluctant to buy high-priced dishes, after she tried to buy them once, because her grandson loves to eat, she often buys them with Wang Mu, because Wang Mu is not a full-time vegetable seller, and the mature batch will not be sold after selling.
王沐见老太询问的勤快，有多的就会卖给她一些，甚至偶尔会把自己吃的菜也卖她一点。
Wang Mu saw that the old lady was diligent in inquiring, and he would sell her some of the more he had, and even occasionally sell her a little of the vegetables he ate.
老太逐渐就发现她孙子特别爱吃王沐家的蔬菜，原本小男孩不爱吃饭，更不喜欢吃蔬菜，可每次她从王沐那里买来的蔬菜，不管做成什么口味，她孙子都会挑出来吃得一干二净。
The old lady gradually found out that her grandson especially likes to eat Wang Mu's vegetables, originally the little boy doesn't like to eat, and he doesn't like to eat vegetables, but every time she buys vegetables from Wang Mu, no matter what flavor it makes, her grandson will pick it out and eat it all.
一开始，老太真没多想。 At first, the old lady really didn't think much of it.
但就在昨天，她孙子去做定期检查，回来时他父母都跟着过来了，那表情还特别飘忽。
But just yesterday, her grandson went for a regular check-up, and when he came back, his parents came with him, and his expression was very erratic.
细问之下才知道她孙子的身体竟然恢复了很多，最神奇的是他身体的免疫系统竟然在自愈。
After careful questioning, I learned that her grandson's body had recovered a lot, and the most amazing thing was that his body's immune system was healing itself.
医生都惊奇无比，最后归类为小孩还在发育期，如果用药得当以及照顾得精心，是有可能出现这种“奇迹”的。
The doctors were amazed, and finally classified that the child was still developing, and if the medicine was used properly and taken care of, this "miracle" could have occurred.
医生要求以后每个月都去检查一次，直到确定小孩的免疫系统真的恢复功能。
The doctor ordered to check it every month until it was clear that the child's immune system had really recovered.
老太听说孙子恢复有望，高兴得都哭了。 When the old lady heard that her grandson had recovered hope, she was so happy that she cried.
当时她也没想到孙子身体好转的根子就在王沐的蔬菜上，但孙子一回来就喊着要吃王沐家的蔬菜，他爸妈顺路从超市买回来的鱼肉蔬菜，他吃了两口就推到一边，说难吃。
At that time, she didn't expect that the root of her grandson's improvement was in Wang Mu's vegetables, but as soon as her grandson came back, he shouted to eat Wang Mu's vegetables.
老太就临时联系王沐，问她有没有多余的蔬果。 The old lady temporarily contacted Wang Mu and asked her if she had any extra fruits and vegetables.
王沐正给难得回来一趟的侄子做晚饭呢，就回答说没有。
Wang Mu was cooking dinner for his nephew, who rarely came back, and replied no.
老太看到孙子那蔫哒哒的模样，心疼万分。 The old lady was very distressed when she saw her grandson's wilting appearance.
她儿子儿媳好奇，就问什么蔬菜这么好吃，不会是放了让人上瘾的药物之类的吧。
Her son and daughter-in-law were curious, so they asked what vegetables were so delicious, and it couldn't be because of addictive drugs or something.
老太给了儿子儿媳一个大大的白眼。 The old lady gave her son and daughter-in-law a big roll of the eyes.
孙子直接嘲笑父母：“人家那是新鲜蔬菜，回来奶奶都洗好多遍，哪来的上瘾药物？而且人家不是专门卖菜的，就是我们小区一个住户在自家阳台上种的蔬菜，多的才拿出来卖，平时都没有的好吗。”
The grandson directly laughed at his parents: "It's fresh vegetables, and grandma has washed them many times when I come back, where is the addictive drug?" And people don't specialize in selling vegetables, it's just the vegetables that a household in our community grows on their own balcony, and they only take out and sell them, and they don't usually have them. ”
儿子儿媳觉得没面子，很快转移了话题。 The son and daughter-in-law felt faceless and quickly changed the topic.
老太忽然摸了摸自己的胳膊，说起来她这段时间血压特别稳定，有时候忘记吃药都没事。而得高血压的人都知道，高血压药一吃那就不能停。
The old lady suddenly touched her arm, and said that her blood pressure was very stable during this time, and sometimes she forgot to take medicine. And people who have high blood pressure know that they can't stop taking high blood pressure medicine as soon as they take it.
这事在这家貌似过去了，但老太却因此留了个心眼。 This matter seems to have passed in this house, but the old lady has a mind because of this.
王叶跟他姑打好招呼，主要说明他可能会长期待在他师父那里学习，回家次数会减少，说不定会长期无法回来，让她姑不要急，有什么事就跟他游戏内邮箱联络。
Wang Ye greeted his aunt, mainly explaining that he might stay studying with his master for a long time, and the number of times he went home would be reduced, and he might not be able to come back for a long time.
他已经确定过，游戏系统在旋风带中一样有效，这说明游戏系统的信号还是很牛掰的，不用担心他进入风眼后会断了信号。
He has already determined that the game system is just as effective in the whirlwind belt, which means that the signal of the game system is still very good, and there is no need to worry about the signal being cut off after he enters the eye of the storm.
虫巢中的众人看着小楼中一夜之间就多出各种非双月星食物以及玩具和用具等，竟然没有一个多嘴询问王叶。
Everyone in the insect nest looked at the fact that there were all kinds of non-double moon star food, toys and utensils in the small building overnight, and none of them asked Wang Ye more than one mouth.
其实师父们在看到小楼中的电灯、电脑和电视机之类的电器后，就有一堆疑问，但他们没问，就等着王叶自己说。
In fact, after the masters saw the electric lights, computers, televisions and other electrical appliances in the small building, they had a bunch of questions, but they didn't ask, just waited for Wang Ye to say it himself.
王叶就装糊涂，你们不问我就不说。 Wang Ye pretended to be confused, and if you don't ask, I won't say anything.
虫老泡了一杯茶，闻了闻，放下。每个人都有自己的小秘密，他不可能把自己的所有事情都告诉王叶，自然也不能奢求自家徒弟把什么秘密都告诉他们。
Worm Lao made a cup of tea, sniffed it, and put it down. Everyone has their own little secrets, and it is impossible for him to tell Wang Ye everything about himself, and naturally he can't expect his apprentices to tell them all the secrets.
而且王叶不说，肯定有他的原因，他又何必为了一个来历非要逼问徒弟？
And Wang Ye didn't say it, there must be his reasons, why did he have to ask his apprentice for a background?
他徒弟从哪里来还不都是他徒弟吗？ Aren't all his apprentices where they come from?
而兰道心态更是良好，自从知道自己有一个已经成年的儿子，而且这个儿子还是通过某些特别手段才诞生，身上血脉还特别复杂，他就觉得这世上再没有什么事能震惊到他。
And Landau has a good mentality, since he knew that he had an adult son, and this son was born through some special means, and the bloodline on his body was still very complicated, he felt that nothing in this world could shock him.
王叶来历？ Where does Wang Ye come from?
就算王叶是个瘤背怪，他都不会在乎。 Even if Wang Ye was a tumor-backed monster, he wouldn't care.
“时校长来了，他还带来了陨星的几个圣级老怪物。”虫老抬头看向虫巢外。他自己现在也是圣级了，但刚到圣级没几天，导致他对自己的实力还没有一个清楚认知。
"Principal Shi is here, and he also brought a few saint-level old monsters from the Falling Star." The old worm looked up at the outside of the hive. He himself is now at the holy level, but he has only been at the holy level for a few days, so he still does not have a clear understanding of his strength.
王叶兴奋得一跃而起。很好，关键人物（他的大靠山们）终于到齐。
Wang Ye jumped up excitedly. It's good that the key people (his big backers) have finally arrived.
他也终于可以出面去见那些探险旅游团的团员们了。 He was finally able to meet the members of the adventure tours.
哎呀，将近一千五百人，这就是在地球也是超级大型旅游团。
Heck, nearly fifteen hundred people, that's on Earth is also super large tour groups.
就他们这几个骨干，肯定没办法搞定这么多人。 With just a few backbones, there is definitely no way to deal with so many people.
但有了陨星人帮忙就不一样了。 But with the help of the Meteorites, it's different.
可他一个小小的学生，自然无法号令陨星人为他办事，他也不想出钱雇佣他们……他赚点养家费容易吗？
But he was a small student, so naturally he couldn't order the meteorites to do things for him, and he didn't want to pay to hire them...... Is it easy for him to earn some money to support his family?
而老头和兰道他们也不想出面揽事，他也舍不得让师父们操劳这些琐碎事，所以他特意让荀炎和唐圆圆帮他传递消息，就是为了让陨星的大佬们赶紧过来主持大局。
And the old man and Lan Dao didn't want to come forward to take care of things, and he was reluctant to let the masters worry about these trivial things, so he specially asked Xun Yan and Tang Yuanyuan to help him deliver the news, just to let the bigwigs of the falling star hurry over to preside over the overall situation.
现在最大的时校长来了，他就可以把管理团队的包袱给甩出去了~
Now that the principal is here, he can throw off the burden of the management team~
时校长不愿？ Rector of the time?
这时候真不是他不愿就能不做的。 At this time, it is really not something he can do if he does not want to.
他就不信时校长真的放心让他一个十岁小孩来管理那一千五百多名超凡者，其中可还有不少十级大佬。
He didn't believe that Principal Shi really trusted him to let a ten-year-old child manage the more than 1,500 transcendental beings, including many tenth-level bosses.
虫老一看徒弟的表情就知道他在想什么，但王叶的想法和他不谋而合。
The worm elder knew what he was thinking as soon as he saw the apprentice's expression, but Wang Ye's thoughts coincided with him.
“就让我们的时校长给他的小徒弟擦屁股吧。”兰道也露出绝美微笑。
"Let's let our Principal Shi wipe his little apprentice's ass." Landau also smiled beautifully.
第286章 我就是挖了个坑 Chapter 286: I Just Dig a Hole
虫老和兰道陪同雷木王叶一起出去见时校长。 Worm Elder and Landau accompanied Lei Mu Wang Ye out to meet Principal Shi.
单天行仍旧被留在虫巢中，他现在的隔离待遇提高了，不但有一间卧室，还有一小片田地，王叶给了他一把种子，让他无聊时可以种着玩，每天还给他提供定量的水。
Shan Tianxing was still left in the hive, and his current quarantine treatment has been improved, not only has a bedroom, but also a small field, Wang Ye gave him a handful of seeds, so that he can plant and play when he is bored, and also provides him with a ration of water every day.
怕他无聊，还有一个只会叽叽呜呜和在种田方面特别叽叽歪歪的小鬼在隔壁和他说话。
I'm afraid he's bored, and there's a little imp who can only whine and talk to him next door who is particularly crooked in farming.
单天行：……他有很多脏话想要飙飞。关他禁闭不够，竟然还想压榨他的劳动力！
Single-day trip: ...... He has a lot of swear words that he wants to fly. It's not enough to lock him up, and he even wants to squeeze his labor!
时校长看到王叶，那只铁掌就直接拍了过来。 When Principal Shi saw Wang Ye, the iron palm slapped him directly.
雷木下意识伸手一挡。 Lei Mu subconsciously stretched out his hand to block.
时校长挑了挑眉，绕过雷木，把王叶给拎了起来。 Principal Shi raised his eyebrows, bypassed Lei Mu, and picked up Wang Ye.
一名黑袍大佬手一挥，陨星标志性的马车消失，原地出现了一栋让王叶眼熟的小楼。
With a wave of his hand, a black-robed man disappeared into the meteor's iconic carriage, and a small building familiar to Wang Ye appeared in place.
时校长拎着王叶进入小楼。 Principal Shi carried Wang Ye into the small building.
兰道叫上雷木，和虫老紧跟其后也走了进去。 Landau called Lei Mu, and Worm Elder followed closely behind and walked in.
一名黑袍老怪物走到虫老身边，似乎十分惊讶和好奇：“你进入圣级了。”
A black-robed old monster walked up to the insect elder and seemed to be very surprised and curious: "You have entered the holy level. ”
虫老很随意地嗯了一声。 The worm elder hummed casually.
说话的老怪物眯眼，他是知道虫老魔的身体情况的，因为那只噬魂虫，虫老魔别说晋级，能维持不掉级就算不错。
The old monster who spoke squinted, he knew the physical condition of the old demon of the worm, because of that soul eater, the old demon of the worm was not to mention promoted, it was good if he could maintain it without dropping the level.
“你解决了噬魂虫？”老怪物问。 "You dealt with the Soul Eater?" The old monster asked.
另一名老怪物一惊，加快一步跟上：“你们说什么？谁解决了噬魂虫？”
The other old monster was startled and took a quick step to follow: "What did you say?" Who solved the Soul Eater? ”
噬魂虫这东西，了解的人都知道它有多难消灭。 Anyone who knows about the Soul Eater knows how difficult it is to destroy.
虫老在吹嘘弟子和隐瞒弟子实力的选择间只犹豫了一秒，他一脸很平常的表情说道：“你们知道我收了一个徒弟对吧，那孩子对玩虫子确实很有些心得，而且天生精神力强大且变异……”
The insect elder only hesitated for a second between boasting about his disciple and concealing his disciple's strength, and he said with a very ordinary expression: "You know that I accepted an apprentice, right, that kid does have some experience in playing with insects, and he is born with strong and ......mutated mental power."
陨星老怪物们脸皮抽搐着听虫老炫耀自己的弟子，现在想走都走不掉了。
The old monsters of the Falling Star twitched their cheeks and listened to the old worm show off their disciples, and now they can't leave if they want to.
汲睿等裂隙战场高层互看，也跟着进入小楼。 Ji Rui and other high-level officials of the rift battlefield looked at each other, and also followed into the small building.
小楼没有排斥他们。 Xiaolou did not reject them.
这之后就是将近一个小时的空白期，小楼外面的人不知道这些大佬们在小楼里都谈了什么。
After that, there was a blank period of nearly an hour, and the people outside the small building didn't know what these bigwigs were talking about in the small building.
而小楼会议室中，王叶和雷木互相补充，交代完所有他们能说的事情。
In the conference room of the small building, Wang Ye and Lei Mu complemented each other and explained everything they could say.
与会大佬好一阵沉默。 The bigwigs at the meeting were silent for a while.
接下来的事就不适合小辈们旁听了。 The rest of the matter is not suitable for juniors to observe.
王叶巴不得不参加这种会议，一听可以离开，拉着雷木就跑。
Wang Yeba had to attend this kind of meeting, and as soon as he heard that he could leave, he pulled Lei Mu and ran.
时校长低骂一声，早知道有这么多麻烦事，他就把乾明副校长带来了，那位才是处理各种政务杂事的一把好手。
Principal Shi scolded in a low voice, he knew that there were so many troubles, so he brought Vice Principal Qianming, who was a good hand at handling all kinds of government affairs.
但学校那边也离不开乾明，时校长想带也带不出来。 But the school is also inseparable from Qianming, and Principal Shi can't bring it out if he wants to.
王叶不知道那些大佬商量了什么，他只知道有些层次很高或自认身份比较高的大佬直接找上了时校长。
Wang Ye didn't know what those bigwigs discussed, he only knew that some bigwigs with a very high level or who considered themselves to be relatively high-level directly approached Principal Shi.
但时校长也坏得很，让他们全都按照规矩报名，只不过这些大佬不需要去排队，他们可以直接在小楼里面缴纳探险费并得到一枚金属牌。
But the principal was also very bad, and asked them all to sign up according to the rules, but these bigwigs didn't need to queue up, they could pay the expedition fee directly in the small building and get a metal medal.
某些大佬们不是想节省魔晶，他们只是不想和其他人一样，另外还想得到一些特别照顾。
Some of the bigwigs don't want to save magic crystals, they just don't want to be like everyone else, and they also want to get some special care.
可惜王叶咬死要安全进入能量旋风带必须有那枚金属牌。
It's a pity that Wang Ye bites to death, and in order to enter the energy whirlwind belt safely, he must have that metal plate.
为此大佬们不得不把自己的精神力输入那口收钱箱，好得到一枚有自己精神力印记的金属牌。
For this reason, the bigwigs had to input their spiritual power into the cash box, so as to get a metal plate with their own spiritual power imprint.
截止到十九日上午，王叶这边的团员名额已经超过一千七百人。
As of the morning of the 19th, the number of members on Wang Ye's side has exceeded 1,700.
其实这个人数对比裂隙战场的整体人数真不算多，很多人还是顾忌重重，而且看到这么多人报名，很多人就会想“有这么多强者在，自己除非运气逆天，否则能拿到什么好处？”
In fact, this number of people is really not much compared to the overall number of people in the rift battlefield, many people still have scruples, and when they see so many people signing up, many people will think, "With so many strong people here, what benefits can I get unless I am unlucky?" ”
而一些自认实力低微的人……几乎五级以下的人都没有报名，他们不是不想报，而是不敢报。
And some people who think they are low-spirited...... Almost no one below level 5 has signed up, not because they don't want to report, but because they don't dare to report.
有组织的人会找组织，但组织也会对报名人员进行挑选，实力太低的首先就不会考虑。
Organized people will look for organizations, but organizations will also select applicants, and those whose strength is too low will not be considered first.
另外受到以前需要多专业者这个印象的影响，来报名的人也大多都有自己的一技之长。
In addition, due to the impression that there was a need for multi-professional candidates, many of the people who came to apply had their own skills.
但一千七百多人在任何人看来都是一个大型团队了，时校长出于考验的意思，询问王叶有没有什么好的管理方法。
But more than 1,700 people are a large team in anyone's eyes, and Principal Shi asked Wang Ye if he had any good management methods out of the intention of testing.
结果王叶就一脸茫然地看着他，说道：“管理？要什么管理？到时候带着一起进去就是。”
As a result, Wang Ye looked at him blankly and said, "Management? What kind of management do you want? When the time comes, just take it with you. ”
时校长才不相信这小兔崽子不明白他的意思，但他去找雷木，竟然找不到了，找虫老魔和兰道，也不知这两人跑哪儿去了。
Principal Shi didn't believe that this little rabbit cub didn't understand what he meant, but he went to look for Lei Mu, but he couldn't find it, looking for the insect old demon and Lan Dao, and I don't know where these two people went.
这些就想躲懒的王八蛋！ These bastards who just want to hide from laziness!
时校长再想去抓王小叶，发现这小混蛋更是溜得无影无踪。
Principal Shi wanted to catch Wang Xiaoye again, but found that this little bastard had slipped away without a trace.
很好！他竟然被徒弟给坑了！ Very good! He was actually pitted by his apprentice!
时校长骂骂咧咧地接下了团队管理的琐碎事……呵，有其徒必有其师，时校长能把整个学校都扔给乾明副校长，他会想管这种杂事？
Principal Shi scolded and took over the trivial matters of team management...... Heh, if there is an apprentice, there must be a teacher, when the principal can throw the entire school to Vice Principal Qianming, he will want to take care of this kind of miscellaneous things?
时校长直接去找了汲睿，让他看着办。 Principal Shi went directly to Ji Rui and asked him to look at it.
汲睿还能怎么办？ What else can I do?
他这次不会跟着一起进去，虽然他很想，但战场需要有人坐镇。
He wouldn't go in with him this time, as much as he wanted to, but the battlefield needed someone to sit in.
可裂隙战场中高层还是有不少人报名，而且这次参与的人员绝大多数都是裂隙战场人，都有身份手镯，让裂隙战场的行政处出面管理，看起来似乎也很正常。
But there are still a lot of people in the middle and upper echelons of the Rift Battlefield who have signed up, and the vast majority of the people who participated this time are from the Rift Battlefield, and they all have identity bracelets, so it seems normal to let the administrative office of the Rift Battlefield come forward to manage it.
汲睿只想骂：正常个屁！他们连个冠名权都没有，也没多拿一分酬劳，凭什么要给陨星的人打白工？
Ji Rui just wants to scold: normal fart! They don't even have naming rights, and they don't get paid any more, so why should they work for the people of the falling star?
时校长放嘲讽：“打白工？如果我们陨星人真的把事情都管起来，你们才会不放心。我就说这一千七百多人的联系都放在陨星人手里，到时如何行动，也全都由我们陨星安排，而你们只能听令，不能参与管理，你们会安心？”
Principal Shi ridiculed: "Working day jobs? If we Meteorites really take care of everything, you won't be at ease. I'll just say that the contact of more than 1,700 people is in the hands of the meteorite, and how to act at that time is all arranged by our meteorite, and you can only listen to orders, not participate in management, will you be at ease? ”
汲睿：“……” Jirui: "......"
时校长嗤笑：“给你们揽权的机会还不要，你真当我们陨星没人管不起来吗？汲睿，看在都认识的份上，有些话我就不挑明说了。就算你现在不想要这份权力，但你敢说你们内部其他人不想要吗？”
Principal Shi sneered: "I don't want to give you a chance to take power, are you really that no one can take care of our meteors?" Ji Rui, for the sake of knowing everyone, there are some things I won't pick and choose. Even if you don't want it now, do you dare to say that the rest of you don't? ”
汲睿苦笑。 Ji Rui smiled bitterly.
“战场的管理组织早就不是一条心，里面多少组织和势力？老子只是懒得去协调这些鸡儿活闹鬼，也不想这群鸡儿鬼在后面给我们拖后腿，还不如把管理权交出去，让这些鸡儿王八自己去折腾。这些鸡儿鬼拿到一点权力，也能更安心，何乐而不为？”时校长心情不爽，脏话就不住往外喷。
"The management organization of the battlefield has long been not of one mind, how many organizations and forces are in it? Lao Tzu is just too lazy to coordinate these chickens to live and haunt, and he doesn't want this group of chickens and ghosts to drag us back behind, so it is better to hand over the management and let these chickens toss by themselves. These chicken ghosts can get a little power, and they can feel more at ease, why not? When the principal was in a bad mood, he couldn't stop spraying dirty words.
汲睿叹息：“我知道了。你们这边总领，我们这边负责组织和管理。现在你满意了？”
Ji Rui sighed, "I see. Your side is the leader, and our side is responsible for organization and management. Now you're satisfied? ”
“不是我满意，是大家都满意。”时校长怪笑两声，甩包袱甩得比他徒弟高明多了。
"It's not that I'm satisfied, it's that everyone is satisfied." Principal Shi laughed twice, and threw off the burden much more skillfully than his apprentice.
二十日上午八点，旋风带出入口这边再次出现了一次报名高潮，眼看参团人数就要突破两千。
At eight o'clock in the morning of the 20th, there was another registration climax at the entrance and exit of the whirlwind, and the number of participants was about to exceed 2,000.
时校长翘着腿坐在小楼里调教徒弟——这么长时间没见了，当然要好好考校一下小徒弟学得如何。
Principal Shi sat cross-legged in the small building to train the apprentice - I haven't seen him for so long, of course, I have to take a good test to see how well the little apprentice is learning.
王叶这次躲不过去了，被训练得爬都爬不起来。 Wang Ye couldn't hide this time, and he was trained to climb and couldn't get up.
可这次任何一个师父都没有帮他说话。时校长不讲理耍无赖的时候，没有人是他的对手。为此虫老和兰道都让出了自己的教学时间。
But this time, none of the masters spoke for him. When the principal was unreasonable and scoundrel, no one was his opponent. For this reason, both Worm Lao and Landau gave up their own teaching time.
“师父，还有两个小时我们就要进入旋风带了，您总得给我留口气吧？”王叶四仰八叉地瘫在地上，满身汗地慢慢调整呼吸。
"Master, we're going to enter the whirlwind belt in two hours, so you'll have to give me some breath, right?" Wang Ye collapsed on the ground on all fours, sweating and slowly adjusting his breathing.
时校长手上拿着一张名单，那表情绝对称不上愉快，他用大脚踢了踢徒弟的小腿：“说！这份名单你哪里来的？你怎么知道这些人都有问题？”
Principal Shi was holding a list in his hand, his expression was definitely not pleasant, and he kicked his apprentice's calf with a big kick: "Say! Where did you get this list? How do you know that these people have problems? ”
王叶有气无力地道：“你问那么多干什么，反正你只要知道这份名单肯定正确，我绝对没有冤枉任何一个人。”
Wang Ye said weakly: "Why are you asking so much, anyway, as long as you know that this list is definitely correct, I have definitely not wronged anyone." ”
时校长按揉太阳穴，他是真头疼了。 Principal Shi rubbed his temples, he really had a headache.
现在他觉得能量旋风带真不算什么，不就相当于是一个秘境探险吗？
Now he felt that the energy whirlwind belt was really nothing, wasn't it equivalent to a secret realm adventure?
甚至就是他徒弟真的给天空捅了一个窟窿，他都觉得那就是小事。
Even if his apprentice really poked a hole in the sky, he felt that it was a trivial matter.
对比他手上的这张名单来说。 Compare this list to the one he has in his hand.
“老子不可能在不知道消息来源，并且在没有任何证据的情况下，去说服其他人相信这张名单的准确性。”时校长拿这个徒弟没办法了，把人拎起来，拍拍打打塞到椅子上。
"It is impossible for Lao Tzu to convince others of the accuracy of this list without knowing the source and without any evidence." Principal Shi had no choice but to take this apprentice, so he picked him up and slapped him and stuffed it into the chair.
王叶被拍打得嗷嗷叫，但过一会儿他就感觉出好处了，他的身体里再次生出了无限力气。
Wang Ye was beaten and screamed, but after a while, he felt the benefits, and his body once again gave birth to infinite strength.
但他仍旧没有坐样，整个人都瘫在椅子里，还拿出一个水壶仰头咕咚咕咚喝水。
But he still didn't sit down, the whole person collapsed in the chair, and he took out a kettle and raised his head to drink.
“小叶子，” "Little Leaf,"
“师父，你声音真谄媚，太恶心了。” "Master, your voice is so flattering, it's disgusting."
时校长气得踹了椅子一脚，喝：“你个鸡儿崽子给我坐好！老子问你话呢。”
Principal Shi was so angry that he kicked the chair and shouted, "You chicken cub sit down for me!" Lao Tzu asked you. ”
王叶勉强调整了一下坐姿，但仍旧跟没骨头一样，语调更是懒懒的：“好吧，我说，其实我有预知能力，这些人的底细我都看到了。”
Wang Ye reluctantly adjusted his sitting posture, but it was still the same as having no bones, and his tone was even lazier: "Okay, I said, in fact, I have the ability to predict, and I have seen the details of these people." ”
时校长：“……你个小鸡儿真以为我舍不得揍你？” Principal Shi: "...... You little chick, do you really think I'm reluctant to beat you? ”
王叶冷笑：“你揍我还少吗？这两天我骨头都给你拆了一遍又一遍。”
Wang Ye sneered: "Do you beat me less?" I've been tearing down your bones over and over again for the past two days. ”
“你没感到好处？得了便宜还卖乖的小兔崽子！” "You don't feel good? Get cheap and sell well-behaved little bunnies! ”
师徒俩互怼了两三个来回。 The master and apprentice exchanged two or three back and forth.
时校长抖抖手中纸张：“你真的有预知能力？” Principal Shi shook the paper in his hand: "You really have the ability to predict?" ”
王叶：“嗯，其他师父们都知道。” Wang Ye: "Well, the other masters know about it. ”
时校长瞪眼：呵，就我一个被排斥在外是吧？ Principal Shi glared: Heh, I'm the only one who is excluded, right?
王叶用眼神回：您现在不也知道了。 Wang Ye replied with his eyes: Don't you know now.
时校长郁闷：“你不开玩笑？” Principal Shi was depressed: "You're not kidding? ”
“您看我像开玩笑的样子？”王叶斜眼。 "You think I'm joking?" Wang Ye squinted.
时校长仰头摊在椅子上，坐姿和他徒弟一样销魂。 Headmaster Shi threw his head up on his chair, sitting in the same travesty posture as his apprentice.
时校长想到了在那个脱胎换骨洞内，他们陨星那位圣级占卜大师说的话。这小子的出现对于陨星来说就是一个意外，换言之，他也有可能是陨星逢凶化吉的那一线生机。
Headmaster Shi thought of what the saint-level divination master of their meteorite had said in that reborn cave. The appearance of this kid was an accident for the meteorite, in other words, he could also be the glimmer of life when the meteorite turned into a good fortune.
就是这次出门，那位占卜大师还特地找到他，只和他说了一句话，就是要他相信自己的弟子。
It was this time that the master of divination specially found him and only said one word to him, that is, to ask him to believe in his disciples.
过了好一会儿，时校长才说道：“收了你这么一个徒弟，也不知道是我的幸运还是不幸。行吧，这事我担下了。”
After a long while, Principal Shi said, "I don't know if it's my luck or misfortune to accept such an apprentice as you." Okay, I'll take care of that. ”
因为这张名单，时校长决定不和王叶他们一起进入能量旋风带。
Because of this list, Principal Shi decided not to enter the energy whirlwind belt with Wang Ye and them.
王叶知道他这个打算后，想了想也没有非要拉他一起。 After Wang Ye knew about his plan, he thought about it and didn't have to pull him along.
“师父，您放心，如果发现适合您的好东西，我会给您留着的，到时便宜卖给您。”
"Master, don't worry, if I find something good for you, I will keep it for you and sell it to you cheaply."
“滚蛋！你个不孝的鸡儿崽子。” "Fuck off! You unfilial chicken. ”
时校长挥挥手，把恢复过来的王叶赶出了这间训练室。 Principal Shi waved his hand and drove the recovered Wang Ye out of the training room.
等王叶离开，时校长拿出了一面魔镜。 Waiting for Wang Ye to leave, Principal Shi took out a magic mirror.
他往魔镜输入自己的精神力，又心疼地镶嵌了一枚五级魔晶。
He injected his spiritual power into the magic mirror, and inlaid a fifth-level magic crystal in distress.
魔镜中出现水纹，不一会儿就出现了一具高大的身影。 Water streaks appeared in the magic mirror, and after a while, a tall figure appeared.
佣兵公会总会长巨人古永镇冲着时校长笑道：“稀客，你发动紧急联系，是有什么重大发现吗？”
The Giant Gu Yongzhen, the leader of the Mercenary Guild, smiled at Principal Shi and said, "Rare guest, did you make any major discoveries when you launched an emergency contact?" ”
时校长叹息一声，举起手中纸张，贴到魔镜上：“你自己看吧。”
Principal Shi sighed, raised the paper in his hand, and pasted it on the magic mirror: "Look for yourself." ”
古总会长伸手，竟然从镜子中取出了这张纸。 President Gu stretched out his hand and took out the paper from the mirror.
纸上内容不算特别多，也就五六十个名字和他们的背景介绍，但古总会长看了好长时间。
There is not much content on the paper, only fifty or sixty names and their backgrounds, but President Gu has been looking at it for a long time.
“喂，有话就说，别浪费我的魔晶。”时校长小气吧啦地道。
"Hey, if you have something to say, don't waste my magic crystal." Principal Shi was stingy.
古总会长抬头，声音沉厚：“这张名单你哪里来的？” President Gu raised his head and said in a deep voice: "Where did you get this list?" ”
时校长淡然脸：“收集来的呗。你只要知道这张名单上写的内容全都属实，没有一丝偏颇和造假。”
Principal Shi had an indifferent face: "Collected it." You just need to know that everything written on this list is true, without the slightest bias or falsification. ”
古总会长沉默片刻：“你应该知道如果这张名单属实，会造成什么后果吧？”
President Gu was silent for a moment: "You should know what the consequences will be if this list is true, right?" ”
时校长从鼻子中喷气，嗤笑：“如果我们继续放任，那才叫后果可怕。”
Principal Shi exhaled from his nose and sneered: "If we continue to let it go, then the consequences will be terrible." ”
“我会核实。”古总会长稳重地道。 "I'll verify." President Gu is steady and authentic.
“尽快。”时校长脸色难得严肃：“我也会在这边进行调查。如果确认，该下手就下手，不要犹豫，更不要玩不必要的仁慈！”
"As soon as possible." Principal Shi's face was unusually serious: "I will also investigate here." If confirmed, do not hesitate, and do not play with unnecessary kindness! ”
古总会长忽然道：“这些人现在都集中在裂隙战场对吗？”
Gu Gui suddenly said, "These people are all concentrated in the rift battlefield now, right?" ”
“对。” "Yes."
“这些人不会都要进入能量旋风带吧？” "These people aren't going to enter the energy whirlwind belt, are they?"
“没错。” "That's right."
“你是不是有什么行动计划？” "Do you have any plan of action?"
时校长只简单道：“这次我不会一起进去。” Principal Shi simply said, "I won't go in together this time." ”
古总会长当即明白时校长说的进去是进去哪里，也明白了时校长要做什么：“你是想趁这些人不在，把他们在裂隙战场的布置和根底全都连根拔起，把他们的联系也都切断，彻底毁掉他们在战场的根基？”
President Gu immediately understood where the principal was going in, and what the principal was going to do: "Do you want to take advantage of these people's absence, uproot their layout and foundation on the rift battlefield, cut off their connections, and completely destroy their foundation on the battlefield?" ”
“我确实有这个打算，但真的想要让这些鸡儿怪物伤筋动骨，你在外面也必须同时行动起来，切断他们的后续支援，最好连他们的根子都挖掉。我们不能给他们任何反应时间，这是最好的时机！”
"I do have this plan, but if I really want to make these chicken monsters hurt, you must also act outside at the same time, cut off their follow-up support, and preferably dig up their roots. We can't give them any time to react, it's the best time to do it! ”
时校长说到这里，恍然大悟。在这一刻他终于明白了王叶为什么要这么大张旗鼓地招募冒险者。
When Principal Shi said this, he suddenly realized. At this moment, he finally understood why Wang Ye was recruiting adventurers with such fanfare.
他不是怕事，也不是想赚那点报团费，他的真实目的其实就是为了把裂隙战场中的不稳定份子，而且还是实力很强的一群不稳定者全都带离裂隙战场并集中到一处。
He is not afraid of things, nor does he want to earn that little fee, his real purpose is actually to bring the unstable elements in the rift battlefield, and a group of unstable people who are also very strong, all away from the rift battlefield and gather them in one place.
能量旋风带肯定有危险，而王叶必然想要利用这份危险来坑这些背叛者和内里不知道是什么东西的怪物们！
There must be danger in the energy whirlwind belt, and Wang Ye must want to use this danger to trap these betrayers and monsters who don't know what it is!
时校长想明白了这点，不由哈哈大笑。 Principal Shi understood this and couldn't help laughing.
不愧是他一眼看中的宝贝徒弟！就是要得！ is worthy of being the precious apprentice he likes at first sight! Just to get!
这孩子是真正人小办大事啊。 This kid is a real person who does big things.
瞧瞧他做的这事多漂亮！ Look how beautiful he is doing!
时校长实在忍不住，而魔镜对面的古总会长是他在这世界上最信任的人之一，王叶的事不能跟别人细说，但跟古总会长说说还是没事的。
Principal Shi really couldn't help it, and President Gu on the other side of the magic mirror was one of the people he trusted in the world, Wang Ye's affairs couldn't be explained to others, but it was okay to talk to President Gu.
时校长一说就收不住口了，把自己徒弟夸了又夸。在他口中他徒弟简直就是天上地下从古至今上下两千年都见不到的超级天才和宝贝疙瘩。
As soon as Principal Shi said it, he couldn't hold back his mouth, and praised his apprentice again and again. In his mouth, his apprentice is simply a super genius and a baby bump that has not been seen in the heavens and the earth for two thousand years from ancient times to the present.
古总会长看着消耗速度飞快的魔晶，无语：这时候这人怎么就不觉得是浪费魔晶了？
President Gu looked at the magic crystal that was consuming rapidly, and was speechless: Why doesn't this person think it's a waste of magic crystals at this time?
“我知道那孩子很优秀，但你说这次的所谓探险团的事情是他一手策划？我看不见得。只这份名单，就不可能是一人之力能做到的，这得是大量人手和多年时间，深入细致地一点点调查，才可能收集到这么一份名单。”
"I know that kid is very good, but you said that he planned this so-called expedition? I can't see it. This list alone cannot be done by one person, and it takes a lot of manpower and many years of in-depth and meticulous investigation to collect such a list. ”
古总会长摇摇头，“我知道那孩子有一堆师父，还包括你在内。也知道你们心疼他，但真的没必要把你们做的事和你们的功劳也强加到那孩子头上。那孩子还小，让他慢慢发展不好吗？”
President Gu shook his head, "I know that kid has a bunch of masters, including you. I also know that you feel sorry for him, but there is really no need to impose what you have done and your credit on that child. That child is still young, isn't it good to let him develop slowly? ”
时校长翻白眼，敢情他夸了个寂寞。这些没眼光的！算了，自家徒弟的好，他自己知道就好，免得再有其他人来跟他抢徒弟。
Principal Shi rolled his eyes, daring to praise him for his loneliness. These are visionless! Forget it, if his own apprentice is good, he knows it himself, so that no one else will come to rob him of his apprentice.
“是是是，你说得没错，你可真是火眼金睛，连我给自己徒弟戴高帽你都看出来了。行了，我就不吹我徒弟了，总之这份名单是真的，你赶紧调查他们的相关者和组织，别等老子这边忙活起来，你那边却给我拖后腿。”
"Yes, yes, you're right, you're so sharp-eyed, you can even see that I'm wearing a top hat for my apprentice. Okay, I won't brag about my apprentice, in short, this list is true, you hurry up and investigate their related parties and organizations, don't wait for Lao Tzu to get busy here, but you will hold me back. ”
“我不会说放心两字，但我会尽我所能。” "I wouldn't say reassuring, but I'll do my best."
“你当然要尽你所能，这可是关系到我们整个双月星的生死存亡！而且你们佣兵公会也不怎么干净，赶紧自查吧。”
"Of course you have to do your best, this is a matter of life and death for our entire Twin Moon Star! And your mercenary guild isn't very clean, so check it out for yourself. ”
时校长切断联系就去找汲睿了。 Principal Shi cut off contact and went to find Ji Rui.
汲睿不在那张名单上，而且和他有关联的人也不多，属于可以相信的己方人员。
Ji Rui was not on that list, and there were not many people associated with him, so he belonged to his own people who could be trusted.
而时校长想要在裂隙战场做什么，自然也不可能避开战场这边的高层。
And what the headmaster wanted to do in the rift battlefield, it was naturally impossible to avoid the high-level on this side of the battlefield.
王叶出现在了集合点，眼看就快要到十点。 Wang Ye appeared at the meeting point, and it was almost ten o'clock.
周围人群已经变得熙熙攘攘，大家都在等待最后的集合时间到来。
The crowd around has become bustling, and everyone is waiting for the final meeting time.
看到王叶和雷木出现，不少人都在窃窃私语，这些人大多都是第一次见到两兄弟。
Seeing Wang Ye and Lei Mu appear, many people were whispering, most of these people were seeing the two brothers for the first time.
“那孩子还真小，他也是团长之一？我怎么觉得这次行动这么不靠谱呢？”
“放心，他那个团长也就是他师父们哄徒弟给他冠上的，实际管事的人还是陨星的那些大佬，还有我们裂隙战场的高层。”
"Don't worry, his regimental commander is also the crown that his masters coaxed his apprentices to give him, and the actual people in charge are still those bigwigs of the Meteorite, as well as the high-level leaders of our rift battlefield."
“哦，那就好。”
雷木也在和王叶意念交流。 Lei Mu was also communicating with Wang Ye's thoughts.
“给出去了？” "Given?"
“嗯。”王叶得意：“你真应该看看时校长看到名单时那个表情。”
"Hmm." Wang Ye was proud: "You really should look at the expression on Principal Shi when he saw the list." ”
雷木手指盖住王叶的短头毛，用力揉了揉：“他没问你名单是怎么弄来的？”
Lei Mu covered Wang Ye's short hair with his fingers and rubbed it vigorously: "He didn't ask you how you got the list?" ”
“问了，我跟他说我有预知能力。” "I asked, and I told him I had the ability to foresee."
“他信了？” "He believed?"
“没信，不过他也没追问。但他没有怀疑那份名单。这次时校长不会和我们一起进入旋风带，他显然要做什么。”
He didn't believe it, but he didn't ask. But he didn't doubt the list. This time, the headmaster won't be going into the whirlwind with us, and he's obviously going to do something. ”
雷木放心了：“那就好，没白浪费你折腾这么一通。” Lei Mu was relieved: "That's good, I didn't waste you tossing so much in vain." ”
王叶心有戚戚然地点头。这次他为什么要这么费心费力地搞出一个旅游团，真的是为了赚钱吗？
Wang Ye nodded with concern. Why did he go to such great lengths to make a tour group this time, was it really to make money?
呃，赚钱还是要赚的，但他的重点还是想要借此排查裂隙战场的危险分子。
Well, he still has to make money, but his focus is still to use it to find out the dangerous elements in the Rift Battlefield.
他组建探险旅游团，其他人缴费参团，就相当于和他有了因果联系。
He formed an adventure tour group, and others paid to join the group, which was equivalent to having a causal connection with him.
如此，他就能在因果卷上看到这些报名者的底细。 In this way, he will be able to see the details of these applicants on the cause and effect paper.
而且因为这次探险事关传说中的三大秘境，这就确定了报名者不会是泛泛之辈，凡是想要更进一步的高手和大佬们基本都不会放过这次机会。
And because this expedition is related to the three legendary secret realms, it is determined that the applicants will not be general, and all masters and bigwigs who want to go further will basically not let go of this opportunity.
虽然不能把整个裂隙战场的危险分子全都一网打尽，但只要能找到其中一部分，就能顺藤摸瓜牵出更多。
Although you can't wipe out all the dangerous elements in the entire rift battlefield, as long as you can find some of them, you can pull out more.
时校长要留下，也就是为了摸出这些暗藏的瓜和瓜藤。 Principal Shi wanted to stay, that is, to find out these hidden melons and melon vines.
但时校长也不放心让他带着一群危险分子就这么闯入能量旋风带，他让这次随同过来的四名陨星圣级大佬的三名和他们一起进入旋风带。
But Principal Shi was not at ease and let him break into the energy whirlwind belt with a group of dangerous elements, so he asked three of the four Meteorite Saint-level bosses who came with him this time to enter the whirlwind belt with them.
“叶子，”雷木突然拍拍王叶的肩膀，转动他的脑袋，让他向左边看。
"Yezi," Lei Mu suddenly patted Wang Ye on the shoulder, turning his head to make him look to the left.
就见原本熙熙攘攘的人群此时如摩西分海一般分出了一条道。
I saw that the originally bustling crowd was divided into a way like Moses dividing the sea.
一群不下三十名，身材修长矫健、背着弓箭、头顶长着嫩芽，英姿飒爽的俊美战士，与六个化成人形的树人，一同走了过来。
A group of no less than thirty handsome warriors, slender and athletic, with bows and arrows on their backs and young buds on their heads, walked over with six tree men in human form.
无数人张大嘴巴。 Countless people opened their mouths wide.
这是活的树人？ Is this a living treeman?
那些战士又是…… Those warriors are ......
“木精灵！”有人狂叫出声：“是木系精灵战士！他们竟然出现了！”
"Wood Elves!" Someone screamed: "It's a wood elf warrior!" They actually appeared! ”
第287章 人为危险 Chapter 287: Man-made Danger
消失已久的木精灵竟然再次现世，这个消息引起的轰动性简直不亚于王叶发布的旅游团招募告示。
The long-disappeared wood elf actually reappeared, and the sensation caused by this news was no less than the recruitment notice for the tour group issued by Wang Ye.
旋风带出入口也有那么几名精灵，他们也报名参加了这次的探险团，他们在看到木精灵战士后，迅速用魔影石录下了影像，并第一时间把消息往上传、往族地传。
There were also a few elves at the entrance and exit of the whirlwind belt, and they also signed up for this expedition, and after they saw the wood elf warriors, they quickly recorded the image with the magic shadow stone, and uploaded the news to the clan as soon as possible.
木精灵出世，这不止对整个精灵族意义重大，对于整个双月星都有着不小的影响。
The birth of the wood elves is not only of great significance to the entire elf race, but also has a great impact on the entire Twin Moon Star.
也不知道是从什么时候开始，就有传言说精灵族关系到这个世界的元素基础，如果精灵族消失，那么这个世界的根基都会被影响。
I don't know when it started, there are rumors that the elves are related to the elemental foundation of this world, and if the elves disappear, then the foundation of this world will be affected.
虽然精灵族从来没有承认过这种说法，但自从木精灵避世，精灵族闭关锁境，千多年来双月星上发现的圣级魔植越来越少也是事实。
Although the elves have never admitted this statement, it is also true that since the wood elves have escaped from the world and the elves have been locked up, it is also true that there have been fewer and fewer saint-level demon plants found on the Twin Moon Star for more than a thousand years.
心思足够仔细的人还能注意到，树人一族也是在千多年前，木系精灵失踪以后，也变得不怎么出现在人前。据说千多年前，偶尔会听到有自然树人诞生的消息，可近千年以来，自然树人诞生的消息越来越少。
Those who are careful enough can also notice that the Treants also did not appear in front of people much more than a thousand years ago, after the disappearance of the wood elves. It is said that more than 1,000 years ago, we occasionally heard about the birth of natural tree people, but in the past thousand years, the news of the birth of natural tree people has become less and less.
王叶看到了熟人。 Wang Ye saw an acquaintance.
这支木精灵战士的领队队长就是翡爵。 The leader of this team of wood elf warriors is Fei Jue.
翡爵看到王叶，竟然大步走过来，伸手一把抱起了王叶。
When Fei Jue saw Wang Ye, he strode over and stretched out his hand to pick up Wang Ye.
被举高高的王小叶：“……” Wang Xiaoye, who was lifted high: "......"
翡爵把王叶举高后，顺势抱到怀里，转身对其他木精灵战士介绍：“这就是我跟你们说的雷叶，就是他帮助我们金水村保下了田地和山林，也是他想办法消灭了那些白蛛魔螨。大祭司说的让我们保护的娃娃也就是他。”
After Fei Jue lifted Wang Ye high, he took it into his arms, turned around and introduced to the other wood elf warriors: "This is the Lei Ye I told you, it was he who helped us keep the fields and mountains and forests in Jinshui Village, and it was he who found a way to eliminate those white spider demon mites. The doll that the high priest said we should protect is him. ”
木精灵们基本都知道这么回事，还知道这个小孩不止帮助消灭了魔螨，似乎还帮助了大祭司和生命之树解决了一个大难题，这才有他们木精灵重新出世的现在。
The Wood Elves basically knew this, and they also knew that this child not only helped destroy the demon mites, but also seemed to have helped the High Priest and the Tree of Life solve a big problem, which is why their Wood Elves have reborn now.
而且传说这小孩还得到了大祭司的守护印记，那可是精灵族的崽儿都极少得到的福缘，木精灵都十分羡慕这小孩。
And legend has it that this child also got the high priest's guard mark, which is a blessing that the cubs of the elf clan rarely get, and the wood elves are very envious of this child.
不过木精灵们见过王叶本人的不多，只知道是个人类小崽。
However, not many of the wood elves have seen Wang Ye himself, only that he is a human cub.
如今见到真人，好些性格比较热情的木精灵战士就一个接一个走过来摸摸揉揉王小叶的脑袋，就算性格不太热情的，看到王叶也会露出看自家孩子的温和笑容。
Now that they see real people, many wood elf warriors with more enthusiastic personalities come over one after another to touch and rub Wang Xiaoye's head, even if they are not very enthusiastic, they will show a gentle smile when they see Wang Ye.
王叶硬是挣扎着从翡爵的怀抱里跳下来，雷木把他当小孩抱就算了，其他人他真的无法接受。
Wang Ye struggled to jump out of Feijue's arms, Lei Mu just hugged him as a child, he really couldn't accept the others.
木精灵们只当小孩害羞，一起善意地笑起来。 The Wood Elves were just shy children and laughed kindly together.
周围围观人士：“……”等等！这个陨星小天才和木精灵什么关系？为什么这么熟？
Onlookers: "......" and so on! What does this little genius of the meteorite have to do with the wood elves? Why is it so cooked?
而且这已经不是一般熟悉了吧？瞧那些围着小孩说说笑笑的木精灵们，那态度就跟看到自家讨喜的娃儿一样。
And that's not familiar anymore, is it? Look at the wood elves who are talking and laughing around the children, and the attitude is the same as seeing their own cute babies.
说实话，这问题时校长和陨星大佬们也想知道。 To be honest, this is a question that the headmaster and the Meteorite bosses also want to know.
因为王叶被木精灵和树人围住，他们也不好把王叶抓来询问。
Because Wang Ye was surrounded by wood elves and tree people, it was not easy for them to arrest Wang Ye for questioning.
还有那几个树人怎么也一副像是知道王叶是谁，还跟他逗乐子的亲热模样？
And how could those few tree people still seem to know who Wang Ye is, and still have an intimate appearance with him?
时校长一把抓住虫老，低声道：“这小子和木系精灵是怎么回事？你知道吗？”
Principal Shi grabbed the worm elder and said in a low voice, "What's the matter with this kid and the wood elves?" Do you know? ”
虫老矜持地微微一笑，那充满优越感的表情让时校长对这个从微驼背糟老头变成腰背挺直的帅中年很是不爽。
The insect elder smiled reservedly, and his expression full of superiority made Principal Shi very unhappy with this handsome middle-aged man who had changed from a slightly hunchbacked old man to a straight back.
“兰道？”时校长转看向兰道。 "Landau?" Headmaster Shi turned to Landau.
兰道比虫老稍微多一点人性，而且这事也没什么不能说的，闻言就笑道：“小叶子不是被尤萨尔给害得被吸进一条空间裂缝了吗？没想到那条空间裂缝直通木精灵秘境，之后小叶子在木精灵秘境帮了木精灵一些忙。”
Landau is a little more human than the insect elder, and there is nothing that can't be said about this, so he smiled when he heard this: "Wasn't Xiao Ye hurt by Yusar and sucked into a spatial crack?" Unexpectedly, that spatial crack led directly to the Wood Elf Secret Realm, and then Xiao Yezi helped the Wood Elf in the Wood Elf Secret Realm. ”
这何止是帮了一些忙？时校长在心里嘀咕。 Isn't that a bit of a favor? Principal Shi muttered in his heart.
因为事关寄生虫族，兰道就和时校长做了一番详细交代，好让他心里有数。不过有些事不适合说的，他也没说。
Because it was about the parasitic race, Landau made a detailed explanation to Principal Shi so that he could know in his heart. But there were some things that were not suitable to say, and he didn't say them.
王叶被几个树人给“调戏”了，这些树人看着年轻，实际上个个都是老怪物级别，他们从那两名木精灵秘境守护者那里听说了王叶的事，都对这小孩好奇得很。
Wang Ye was "teased" by several tree people, these tree people looked young, in fact, all of them were old monster level, they heard about Wang Ye from the two Wood Elf Secret Realm Guardians, and they were all very curious about this child.
这个小孩可是只进出了两趟木精灵秘境，就待了半个月不到，就让木精灵秘境接连出现大事，先是幼崽转移，接着危险消除，可部分木精灵战士竟然不再缩回秘境，更不打算隐瞒身份，竟然就以木精灵的身份打算进入裂隙战场。
This kid only went in and out of the Wood Elf Secret Realm twice, and he stayed for less than half a month, so that the Wood Elf Secret Realm had major events one after another, first the cubs were transferred, and then the danger was eliminated, but some of the Wood Elf warriors no longer retracted into the secret realm, let alone concealed their identities, and even planned to enter the rift battlefield as a wood elf.
木精灵秘境的事可以放在一边，但这小孩出来时身上可带着半神的气息，据那两位秘境守护者推测，怀疑这小孩很可能得到了生命之树的守护，因为那半神气息真的太像是他们树人一族了。
The matter of the Wood Elf Secret Realm can be put aside, but this child can come out with the breath of a demigod, and according to the two guardians of the secret realm, it is suspected that this child may be protected by the Tree of Life, because the demigod aura is really too much like their Tree Man.
可现在他们围着这小孩逗弄半天，却发现他身上的气息遮掩得严严实实，除了他自己，其他人的气息半点感觉不到。
But now they were teasing the kid for a long time, but they found that the breath on his body was tightly covered, and except for himself, no one else's breath could be felt at all.
不过这小孩的实力也让他们暗自惊讶，这么小竟然就达到了八级，而且看样子，那基础还稳得很，并不是通过什么拔苗助长的方式硬拔上来的。
However, this child's strength also surprised them secretly, he had reached level eight at such a young age, and it seemed that the foundation was still very stable, and it was not forced to pull it out by pulling out seedlings.
但也不知道是小孩身上有木精灵大祭司守护印记的缘故，还是小孩真的得到了生命之树的青睐，也可能是其他什么原因，总之，树人们很喜欢小孩身上的气息。
But I don't know if it's because the child has the guard mark of the High Priest of the Wood Elves, or if the child really gets the favor of the Tree of Life, or maybe it's something else, in short, the tree people like the breath of the child very much.
但他们更喜欢旁边那个大的。 But they prefer the big one next to it.
王叶看几名树人盯上了雷木，很没有兄弟情地把雷木推了过去。
Wang Ye saw that several tree men were staring at Lei Mu, and pushed Lei Mu over without brotherhood.
“木木，你接待他们，记得收团费。” "Mumu, you receive them, remember to charge the tour fee."
雷木失笑，和几名树人大佬交谈起来。 Lei Mu laughed and started talking to a few tree man.
王叶则负责统计前来的木精灵数量和个人信息，给他们发金属牌。
Wang Ye was responsible for counting the number of wood elves and personal information that came, and giving them metal cards.
翡爵要交团费，被王叶把魔晶袋子扔了回来。 Fei Jue wanted to pay the tour fee, but Wang Ye threw the magic crystal bag back.
王叶还非常土豪气质地挥手：“自家人，不用交。” Wang Ye also waved his hand very strongly: "My own family, don't pay it." ”
木精灵战士们都笑起来，他们不差这点魔晶，但王叶对他们的特别待遇，还是让他们心里很爽，尤其王叶当着众人面让雷木收了那几个树人大佬的团费后。
The wood elf warriors all laughed, they were not bad at this magic crystal, but Wang Ye's special treatment of them still made them feel very happy, especially after Wang Ye asked Lei Mu to collect the group fee of those tree men in front of everyone.
树人大佬们：……这明晃晃的亲疏差别哦！ Treants: ...... This is a clear difference between intimacy and intimacy!
周围围观众：不要问我们在羡慕妒忌谁。 Surround the audience: Don't ask us who we are jealous of.
有树人大佬怀疑地不住打量雷木，他们总觉得这个看起来貌似已经成年、实际上只有二十岁左右的小幼崽，和他们树人一族有很深刻的关系，虽然这青年把身上的气息遮掩得很好，但想要瞒住他们还是有一点难度的。
Some tree men couldn't help but look at Lei Mu suspiciously, they always felt that this little cub who seemed to be an adult, but was actually only about twenty years old, had a deep relationship with their tree people, although this young man hid the aura on his body very well, but it was still a little difficult to hide from them.
不过他们暂时无法确定雷木的品种，也搞不清楚他是混血，还是什么。
However, they couldn't determine the breed of Thunderwood for the time being, and they couldn't figure out if he was a half-breed or what.
但树人大佬们可以肯定一点，就是雷木如果是纯种树人的话，他不可能在这么小的年纪就转化成完全不带半点树人特征的人形状态。
But the treants can be sure of one thing, that is, if Lei Mu is a pure-bred treant, he will not be able to transform into a humanoid state without the slightest treant characteristics at such a young age.
所以他们的推断就是雷木九成是混血。 So their inference is that Thunderwood is ninety percent mixed-blood.
但就算是树人族的混血那也是极为珍贵的，树人和其他种族之间有一定生殖隔离，想要生出混血宝宝，那难度是其他种族混血的千百倍。
But even the mixed blood of the Treant race is extremely precious, there is a certain reproductive isolation between the Treant and other races, and it is thousands of times more difficult to give birth to a mixed blood baby than the mixed race of other races.
所有混血宝宝对于树人一族来说也都很珍贵，不亚于一个纯血树人宝宝。
All half-breed babies are also precious to the Treants, no less than a pure-blooded Treant Baby.
树人大佬们抱着看小辈的心情，给雷木塞了见面礼，全都是一水的高级魔植。
The tree bosses were in the mood to look at the juniors, and gave Lei Mu a greeting gift, all of which were high-level magic plants of Yishui.
看得某些人暗中直流口水。 I can see that some people are secretly drooling.
这让雷木很不好意思，他可是收了团费的。 This made Lei Mu very embarrassed, but he charged the tour fee.
树人大佬们根本不在意这点花销，他们就当哄孩子玩。 The tree men don't care about this cost at all, they just coax the children to play.
木精灵们也在和王叶说话。 The wood elves were also talking to Wang Ye.
“我们看到了你的探险旅游团招募告示。”翡爵笑，“我们也知道这个能量旋风带的传说，就把消息传了上去。之后族长就传达了大祭司的旨意，表示如果有谁自愿，可以报名参加探险团，跟着你一起去闯一闯。”
"We've seen your Adventure Tour recruitment post." Fei Jue smiled, "We also know the legend of this energy whirlwind belt, so we passed the news on. After that, the patriarch conveyed the will of the high priest, saying that if anyone volunteered, they could sign up for the expedition and follow you on a journey. ”
“哦？大祭司也知道了？”王叶知道那位大祭司有预知能力，但他不知道对方这个能力有没有恢复。
"Oh? The high priest also knew? Wang Ye knew that the high priest had the ability to predict, but he didn't know if the other party's ability had recovered.
“嗯，托你的福，我还见到了大祭司。”翡爵一脸荣幸至极又幸福至极的表情。
"Well, thanks to you, I also met the High Priest." Fei Jue had an expression of great honor and happiness.
他轻拍王叶小肩膀，低声道：“大祭司说你是变数，跟着你也许危险，但也可能给我们木精灵一系带来更多好的转变。”
He patted Wang Ye's little shoulder and said in a low voice, "The high priest said that you are a variable, and it may be dangerous to follow you, but it may also bring more good changes to our Wood Elf line." ”
王叶可不敢承担这么重的大帽子，当即道：“大祭司真的是太高抬我了，我自己都不知道我自己这么能干。”
Wang Ye didn't dare to bear such a heavy hat, and immediately said: "The high priest really exalted me too much, I didn't even know that I was so capable." ”
翡爵低笑，“好吧，其实大祭司是想让我们来保护你，她说你需要我们。我们这一支队伍将全部听你调度。”
Fei Jue chuckled, "Well, actually, the High Priest wanted us to protect you, and she said you need us. Our team will all be at your disposal. ”
王叶愣住：“听我调度？这……” Wang Ye was stunned: "Listen to my dispatch?" This ......"
翡爵抓起王叶的左手，上面的印记已经隐去，但他却像是看到了那里的守护印记：“你有这个，所有精灵都会守护你，至少所有木精灵都会。”
Fei Jue grabbed Wang Ye's left hand, the mark on it had been hidden, but he seemed to see the guard mark there: "If you have this, all the elves will guard you, at least all the wood elves will." ”
王叶心中触动。虽说他在木精灵秘境是做了一些事，但大祭司和木精灵们这么够意思，还特地派遣战士来给他撑腰和保护他，他也领这个情。
Wang Ye's heart was touched. Although he did something in the Wood Elf Secret Realm, the High Priest and the Wood Elves were so interesting that they specially sent warriors to support him and protect him, and he also received this feeling.
说木精灵来寻求机缘，也许是有这方面的想法，但在木精灵秘境如今百废待兴极度缺乏人手的情况下，能派出这么多精英战士，那绝对是守护的意义大于寻求机缘。
Saying that the Wood Elves came to seek opportunities, maybe they had this idea, but in the Wood Elf Secret Realm is now in ruins and extremely short of manpower, it is definitely more important to guard than to seek opportunities.
“另外，关于这个旋风带，你知道多少？”翡爵布置了魔法结界，防止他人偷听。
"Also, how much do you know about this whirlwind belt?" Fei Jue has set up a magical barrier to prevent others from eavesdropping.
而其他木精灵战士自然而然形成一个圈，围住了他们。 And the other Wood Elf warriors naturally formed a circle and surrounded them.
王叶透露：“我知道一部分，但我不确定消息的准确性。我只有把握把大家安全地带到风眼入口，之后一切都要靠随机应变。”
Wang Ye revealed: "I know part of it, but I'm not sure about the accuracy of the news. I can only be sure that I will bring everyone safely to the entrance of the eye of the storm, and after that everything will depend on improvisation. ”
翡爵用下巴指了指和雷木聊天的树人大佬们，低声道：“你可以和树人们谈谈。在裂隙战场这边，就没有谁比他们更了解旋风带里的秘密。”
Fei Jue pointed with his chin at the treants who were chatting with Lei Mu, and whispered, "You can talk to the treants." On this side of the Rift Battlefield, no one knows the secrets of the Whirlwind Belt better than them. ”
“哦？那他们以前……” "Oh? Then they used to ......"
“他们说缺乏某些关键条件，但这次，”翡爵目有深意地看向王叶：“他们说条件基本满足了，可以去闯一闯。”
"They said that there were certain key conditions lacking, but this time," Fei Jue looked at Wang Ye meaningfully, "They said that the conditions are basically met, and they can go and break through." ”
王叶搓搓下巴，转头就去找那几个树人大佬了。 Wang Ye rubbed his chin, turned his head and went to find those tree man.
在王叶和树人大佬们沟通时，周围那些等待的人群中有不少人在暗中彼此传递消息。
When Wang Ye was communicating with the tree man, many people in the waiting crowd around him were secretly passing on messages to each other.
很多人对这次探险都很有想法。 A lot of people had ideas about this expedition.
而王叶和雷木的出挑，也让不少人注意到他们。 And Wang Ye and Lei Mu's prominence also made many people pay attention to them.
不少人都认为这两兄弟掌握了某些重要秘密，而这些秘密，他们显然不会透露给参团者。
Many people believe that the two brothers have some important secrets, and these secrets, they obviously will not disclose to the participants.
自然，这些人就下意识地认为这对兄弟有可能在旋风带中获得最大好处。
为此，不管是为了这些未知的好处，还是单这兄弟两人本身的价值，有些人会打他们的主意也成了理所当然之事。
可这些人顾忌王叶和雷木身后的陨星，看看陨星都来了什么人保护他们吧？
那可是五个圣级！
哦，听说虫老魔也是圣级了，就问你怕不怕？
别看虫老魔才入圣级，但这老魔头的凶残是一般人能比得上的吗？
就算那个旋风带可能没有多少虫子，导致虫老魔无法完全发挥实力，但虫老魔诡异的手段太多，实在是让人防不胜防。
总而言之，很多人宁可得罪两个圣级，都不想招惹一个圣级的虫老魔。
而除了这六个圣级老怪物以外，陨星还有其他强人，比如卷轴大宗师、据说也已经九级接近十级的天下第一大美人兰道教授，还有一个三绝圣手闻笛，这位貌似也进阶九级了，虽然这位至今没有露面。
除了这两位九级大佬，已知的还有闻讯赶来的胖巴里等陨星人。
虽然胖巴里等人因为职责的缘故，不可能所有人都跟着进入旋风带，但只要有三分之一进入，这就是一股极为庞大的力量。
更不要说除了九级和十级的顶尖层，陨星还有一堆六级到八级的打算跟进去。
可以说，这次这个探险团里势力最大的就是陨星。
在这种守护力度下，想要打王叶和雷木这对兄弟的主意，本身就已经是个大难题。
谁想，老天爷就像是生怕护不住那兄弟俩一样，竟然让避世已久的木精灵也冒了出来，还外带六名实力明显不是在九级就是在十级的树人大佬。
而这三十名精灵战士的实力也都不弱，最差都有七级，最高九级。
只看这些木精灵战士和树人们对那对兄弟亲昵的态度和明显守护的架势，就知道想要打兄弟的主意，恐怕得先问问这些木精灵战士和树人们同意不同意。
如此一搞，想对那对兄弟动手何止是难题，这简直就是难上加难的地狱级难题，其难度绝对不亚于没有指引直接闯旋风带一样。
因为这份无与伦比的守护力量，所有打算对王叶和雷木下手的个人和组织这时候都消停了，他们都决定在这股守护力量没有离开这对兄弟前，先跟着老实探险，至于其他……再说。
王叶去找树人询问旋风带的情报，他原本以为要费一番唇舌，说不定还要给出不小的好处。
谁想，他只是随便一问，那几位树人大佬竟然也就好随便地都告诉他了。
“旋风带的危险分两重，一重是人为增加的危险，一重是原本就有的考验。”一名青皮树人说道。
“而人为增加的危险实际上一开始也是为了保护探险者。你们知道白鹿国第一代国主唐博和佣兵公会第一代总会长古鼎吗？”
王叶点头：“听过他们的名字，是很古早而且接近传说中的大人物了。”
青皮树人笑道：“也算不上古早，他们在一千七百多年前崛起，发展速度很快，给双月星带来了极大变化，他们做出的贡献很多，其中之一就是让双月星变成了可以流通的活水。”
“在他们出现以前，双月星虽然有魔法师、有异术者，但当时的超凡者并没有为普通人服务的意识，而人类以外的智慧种族则因为一些古老原因都选择待在自己的秘境中。所以绝大多数的普通人，包括普通的智慧种族，比现在要没见识得多，也比较愚昧。那时的世界完全就是贵族和强者的世界，一切都是他们说得算。”
另一名头顶开着几十朵黄色小花的树人接口：“如果你觉得现在的世界很糟糕，但我得摸着良心告诉你，现在已经比当初好很多很多，至少现在一些有天资的普通家庭的孩子，有一定机会进入超凡者学校和武者学校学习，或者可以进入各个公会学习和工作，这在唐博和古鼎横空出世以前，根本不可想象。”
“包括现在的食物配方、方便的工具、常见的药物和建筑方法等等，大多都来源于白鹿国。”
“还有现在最常见也连通了整个世界的魔法列车，我可以毫不夸张地说，魔法列车的出现以及它的低价乘车费，是那两人也是白鹿国对这个世界最大的贡献！”
“关于这两人的功绩，我们一时半会儿也说不完，现在我们重点就说说他们与这个能量旋风带的关系。”
青皮树人告诉王叶和雷木：“我说的第一道人为危险就是那两人弄出来的。但他们当初这么做，其实是为了保护和防备什么，可惜的是他们当时在布置好旋风带后，很多事情都没能交代下来，不是他们不想交代，而是他们没办法再留下来，几乎是把旋风带刚布置好，那两位就失踪了。”
“关于他们失踪的详细情况，等你们以后达到了某个层次，自然会知道，现在我们暂时不说。”
“当时给他们打下手的就是我们树人族，所以我们知道的要比别人多一些。”头上开黄花的树人还笑着指指自己的鼻子：“我就是当年的当事树人之一。”
"At that time, it was our Trekken who gave them a hand, so we know more than others." The tree man with yellow flowers on his head also smiled and pointed to his nose: "I am one of the tree people in question back then." ”
王叶震惊。那不是说这位树人至少有一千七百岁以上？ Wang Ye was shocked. Doesn't that mean that this tree man is at least 1,700 years old?
“除了我们树人族，还有两人给那两位帮忙，一人姓伯，是当时最厉害的魔法阵大师，还有一人则是巨人族。”
"In addition to our Tree Human Clan, there are two other people who help those two, one is surnamed Bo, who is the most powerful magic array master at that time, and the other is the Giant Clan."
黄花树人叹息：“当时我们三人约定，不要轻易开启旋风带，直到时机来临。而我们三人也都知道进出旋风带的正确方法。不过人族寿命比较短，当时那名魔法阵大师为了把进出旋风带的正确方法留下来，就弄了一张需要血脉激发的藏宝图。那个叫单天行的人类小孩应该就是那位大师的直系后代。”
The Yellow Flower Tree Man sighed: "At that time, the three of us agreed not to open the whirlwind belt lightly until the time comes. And all three of us know the proper way to get in and out of the cyclone belt. However, the lifespan of the Terrans was relatively short, and at that time, in order to keep the correct way to enter and exit the whirlwind belt, the master of the magic array made a treasure map that needed to be stimulated by blood. That human child named Shan Tianxing should be a direct descendant of that master. ”
“至于那两位为何要这么做，等你们通过第一关进入旋风带风眼后，也许能明白。我现在说是说不清楚的，实际上我对那两位想要保护和防守的东西也不是很懂。”
"As for why those two did this, you may be able to understand it when you pass the first level and enter the eye of the whirlwind. I can't say it right now, and I don't really understand what those two want to protect and defend. ”
黄花树人举起手指：“重点是第二关。这一关就是那两位也没能闯进去，但那两位留下了闯入第二关的关键，那就是……”
The Yellow Flower Tree Man raised his finger: "The point is the second level." Even those two failed to break through to this level, but those two left the key to breaking through the second level, which was ......"
第288章 雷木的迷惑
“全能、虫子以及百人以上。因为那两位突然失踪，我们只听到了一些隐约的关键词。我们当时还不太明白这句话的意思，毕竟我们不可能找到一百个以上的全能者，直到你出现。”黄花树人笑道。
"Almighty, bugs, and more than a hundred. Because of the sudden disappearance of those two, we only heard some vague keywords. We didn't quite understand the meaning of this sentence at the time, after all, we can't find more than a hundred Almighty until you appear. The Yellow Flower Tree Man laughed.
王叶万万没想到传言竟然也有一部分是真的，而且他还成了关键，这让他心脏毛毛的。
Wang Ye never expected that some of the rumors were true, and he had become the key, which made his heart furious.
“我可不是全能。” "I'm not omnipotent."
“嗯。但你已经是最接近的那个。关键是，你的探险团招募几乎吻合了一切条件，而且你还是虫老魔的弟子，虫老魔这次也参加，对吗？这就吻合了虫子的说法。”
"Hmm. But you're already the one that's closest. The point is, your expedition group recruited almost all the conditions, and you are still a disciple of the Worm Demon, and the Worm Devil also participated this time, right? This fits the bug's statement. ”
王叶：虫子也有可能指的是寄生虫。 Wang Ye: Bugs may also refer to parasites.
黄花树人对王叶眨眨眼睛：“而且因为今年正好是五十周年，这一批报名者中也有不少和你一样的天才学生。如果一百名以上的全能者指的不是天才学生，那么就是我们这些老不死，好歹我们懂的比一般人要多。当然也许条件只是需要一百人以上，而全能者和虫子都只要一个。”
The Huanghua Shuren winked at Wang Ye: "And because this year happens to be the fiftieth anniversary, there are also many genius students like you in this batch of applicants." If more than a hundred all-rounders are not genius students, then we are old immortals, and we know more than the average person. Of course, maybe the condition is only to require more than a hundred people, and the Almighty and the bug only need one. ”
王叶忽然想到一点，知识之城的老怪物们一直都想变成超级天才，而现在的长生会等组织又喜欢夺舍和培养天才，会不会就和这个第二关的要求有关？
Wang Ye suddenly thought of something, the old monsters in the City of Knowledge have always wanted to become super geniuses, and now organizations such as the Immortal Guild like to seize and cultivate geniuses, could it be related to the requirements of this second level?
不是有传言说想要成神必须全知全能吗？ Isn't it rumored that in order to become a god, you must be omniscient and omnipotent?
王叶把他的猜测说了。 Wang Ye told his guess.
黄花树人笑道：“是有这个可能，一千多年将近两千年，任何真相都可能被扭曲。而那两位说出的第二关闯关关键是否又真的是我们理解的意思，在没有进入第二关之前，谁也不知道。”
The Huanghua Shuren smiled: "There is this possibility, more than a thousand years and nearly two thousand years, any truth may be distorted." And whether the key to breaking through the second level that those two said is really what we understand, no one knows before entering the second level. ”
青皮树人道：“但这次确实是最接近关键词的一次，所以我们这些老家伙才都来了，因为好奇。”
"But this time it's really the closest thing to the keyword, so we all came because we were curious. ”
王叶不解：“既然你们知道闯关条件，为什么不自己组织？以你们的声望，很容易组织起一个大型探险团队吧？而所谓的全能者，不可能将近两千年也找不到一个吧？”
Wang Ye was puzzled: "Since you know the conditions for breaking through, why don't you organize it yourself?" With your reputation, it's easy to organize a large expedition team, right? And the so-called Almighty, it is impossible not to find one for nearly two thousand years, right? ”
“可我们并不知道第二关里有什么，最主要的是我们不可能给闯关者任何保障。而且我们为什么要找人闯关？那两位在失踪前曾留下话，说这个旋风带很危险，能不碰就不要碰。我们树人一族和巨人族又不是特别缺乏修炼资源，好奇心也不是特别重，那又何必给自己找这个麻烦？”
"But we don't know what's in the second level, and the main thing is that we can't give the interlopers any protection. And why are we looking for someone to break through? Before they disappeared, the two had left a message saying that the whirlwind belt was dangerous and that if they could, they should not touch it. Our Tree Man Clan and Giant Clan are not particularly lacking in cultivation resources, and our curiosity is not particularly heavy, so why bother with ourselves? ”
只看黄花树人的表情就知道他说的是实话。树人一族包括巨人族都是很实在的种族，在不知道旋风带中到底有什么好处的情况下，他们才不会轻易冒险。
Just by looking at the expression of the yellow flower tree man, you can know that he is telling the truth. The Treants and the Giants are all very real races, and they will not take risks easily without knowing what the benefits of the Whirlwind Belt are.
“至于人族，那位伯姓魔法阵大师人品很不错，他也不赞成双月星人进入旋风带，但他能忍得住这份诱惑，却不代表他的后人也能。他还是春木上国的王室出身，牵扯的利益太多。人族其实有组织过两次大型的旋风带探险活动，但这些超凡者进入旋风带后就再也没有出来。”
"As for the human race, that master of the magic array surnamed Bo has a very good character, and he doesn't approve of the Twin Moon Star people entering the whirlwind belt, but he can resist this temptation, but it doesn't mean that his descendants can. He is still from the royal family of Haruki Shangguo, and there are too many interests involved. The Terrans have actually organized two large-scale expeditions to the Whirlwind Belt, but these transcendents have never come out since they entered the Whirlwind Belt. ”
“而这样动辄上百名高级超凡者的损失谁也承担不起，有组织的大型探险活动就此停止。而之后可能是为了诱惑更多人来试探，才会有三把秘境钥匙的传言出现。”
And no one could afford to lose hundreds of high-level transcendents at every turn, and the organized large-scale expedition stopped. And later, it may be to tempt more people to tempt it, and there will be rumors of three secret realm keys. ”
黄花树人最后说的话和单天行的交代吻合了。 The last words of the Huanghua Shuren coincided with Shan Tianxing's explanation.
单天行也跟王叶透露，那三把钥匙只是某些人编出的谎言，实际上风眼里到底有什么，那三样东西到底是什么，谁也不知道。
Shan Tianxing also revealed to Wang Ye that the three keys were just lies made up by some people, and in fact, no one knew what was in the eye of the wind and what those three things were.
单天行也说了旋风带里有两关，但他知道的没有树人这么详细，他甚至不清楚第二关的闯关条件，而他本人也只想在第一关捞点好处。
Shan Tianxing also said that there are two levels in the whirlwind belt, but he doesn't know as much detail as the tree man, and he doesn't even know the conditions for breaking through the second level, and he himself just wants to get some benefits in the first level.
王叶零碎又询问了一些事情，树人们很乐意说古，跟他一直聊到集合时间来临。
“你们学校这两个小家伙可真是不得了。”汲睿话语中的酸味都溢出来了。
"These two little guys in your school are amazing." The sourness in Ji Rui's words overflowed.
时校长谦虚（得意）地笑：“一般一般，他们也就是比较会选师父，才会有这么出色的发展和表现。而且众所周知，我们陨星学校和精灵族关系一向很好，所以你看选对学校也很重要。”
Principal Shi smiled modestly (proudly): "Generally, they are more likely to choose masters, so they will have such outstanding development and performance. And as we all know, our Meteorite School has always had a good relationship with the elves, so you think the choice is also very important to the school. ”
汲睿校长顿时心塞。 Principal Ji Rui's heart was suddenly congested.
某些自认为江湖地位不一般的大佬也忍不住挤兑陨星的大佬们，纷纷表示，你们陨星这次肯定会获得最大好处，但你们陨星吃肉，总得给他们喝点汤，千万别把好处全占了。
Some of the bigwigs who think that they have an unusual status in the rivers and lakes can't help but squeeze the bigwigs of the meteorite, and they all say that you meteorite will definitely get the biggest benefits this time, but you meteorites eat meat, you have to give them some soup, don't take all the benefits.
这些人中有些人就是开玩笑，但有些人显然意有所指，甚至有故意竖立矛盾之嫌。
Some of these people are just joking, but some of them obviously mean something, and even deliberately erect contradictions.
时校长的性子是让人随便挤兑的吗？ Is Principal Shi's temperament a casual squeeze?
他一力战群雄，把所有明着说酸话实际想要挑事的大佬都喷了一遍。
He fought the crowd with all his might, and sprayed all the big guys who obviously said sour things and actually wanted to stir up trouble.
重点表示：这不是陨星单独的机缘，是所有参团者的。那两个孩子已经把机会平分出去，包括他们自己都和所有参团者站在同一起跑线，之后有什么收获或遇到什么危险，那么就全看个人。
The key point is that this is not a separate chance of a meteorite, it is for all participants. The two children have divided the opportunities equally, including themselves and all the participants in the same starting line, and what gains or dangers they encounter after that are all up to them.
“别一个个占了便宜还没完！那孩子就是怕日后天天被人追杀，想要过安生日子，才会带上想去的人一起。如果我们陨星和两孩子真的想要独占好处，你们以为还会有这次的探险团？”
"Don't take advantage of them one by one, it's not over! That child is afraid that he will be hunted down and killed every day in the future, and he wants to have a peaceful birthday, so he will bring the person he wants to go with him. If we really want to take advantage of it, do you think there will be this expedition? ”
时校长冷笑：“如果不是那两孩子先斩后奏，你以为我们陨星愿意让出这次机缘？有这么一个安全进入风眼的机会，你们就该跪地感谢了，还想指望更多？换了你们，我就问你们谁舍得？一个个长得人模狗样，说话全他妈跟喷屎一样。你们咋不直接说让那两孩子把危险全部承担了，把好处全部让出来平白送给你们？”
Principal Shi sneered: "If it weren't for those two children who cut first and then played, do you think our meteorite is willing to give up this opportunity?" With such a chance to enter the eye of the storm safely, you should kneel down and thank you, and want to count on more? If you are replaced, I will ask you who is willing to do it? They all look like dogs, and they all talk like. Why don't you just say that you let those two children bear all the dangers, and give all the benefits to you for free? ”
汲睿看时校长翻脸，一时不明白他的意思，没有立刻出口打圆场。
Ji Rui turned his face when he saw it, and he didn't understand what he meant for a while, so he didn't immediately exit the round.
有人想说话，也被汲睿暗中阻止。 Someone wanted to speak, but was secretly stopped by Jirui.
周围特别安静，只有时校长的声音响彻整片空地：“当老子不知道你们什么意思？想挑事？想害那两孩子？想孤立我们陨星，让我们陨星成为众矢之的？”
The surroundings were very quiet, only the voice of the principal resounded throughout the clearing: "When Lao Tzu doesn't know what you mean?" Want to stir up trouble? Want to hurt those two children? Want to isolate our meteorite and make it a target for everyone? ”
时校长一掌把手边的牌子给拍碎了，冷声道：“老子今天就在这里放下话，谁敢动小叶子和雷木，还有其他陨星学生，只要他们没错，我们陨星就和动手的人不死不休！不管对方是谁！”
Principal Shi smashed the sign in his hand with one palm, and said coldly: "Lao Tzu will put down his words here today, who dares to touch Xiao Yezi and Lei Mu, as well as other meteorite students, as long as they are right, our meteorite will never die with the people who do it!" It doesn't matter who the other person is! ”
陨星人在这时都走到了时校长身后，他们没说话，但他们的态度已经表明一切。
The meteorites all walked behind Headmaster Shi at this point, they didn't speak, but their attitude said it all.
那边正和王叶和雷木聊天的木精灵和树人们也转头看向这边。
The wood elves and tree people who were chatting with Wang Ye and Lei Mu over there also turned their heads to look at this side.
为首的翡爵忽然轻笑，朗声道：“雷叶兄弟俩获得了我们木精灵的友谊，伤害他们就是伤害我们木精灵。”
The leader of the Fei Jue suddenly chuckled, and said loudly: "The Lei Ye brothers have gained the friendship of our Wood Elves, and to hurt them is to hurt our Wood Elves. ”
青皮树人也笑呵呵地说道：“不要欺负小孩子，更不要欺负我族的小幼苗。”
The bark tree man also smiled and said, "Don't bully children, let alone the little seedlings of our clan." ”
众人：谁是你族的小幼苗？ Everyone: Who are the little seedlings of your people?
众人把王叶和雷木扫过来扫过去，也没看出这两人哪里有树人族血脉痕迹。
Everyone swept Wang Ye and Lei Mu over, and they didn't see where these two people had traces of the bloodline of the Tree Human Race.
汲睿直到这时才出来打圆场，表示集合时间已经到了，该来的人也都来了，可以进入旋风带了。
Ji Rui did not come out to play the round until this time, indicating that the meeting time had come, and everyone who should have come had also arrived, and he could enter the whirlwind belt.
时校长把王叶叫过来，跟他最后叮嘱一番，伸手一推：“去吧。”
Principal Shi called Wang Ye over, gave him a final advice, and stretched out his hand to push: "Go." ”
胖巴里挤过来，无视虫老的眼神，给王叶塞了一个储物手镯，匆忙道：“这里面是我做的一些小玩意，你拿着玩吧。”
Fat Barry squeezed over, ignored the old worm's eyes, stuffed a storage bracelet for Wang Ye, and hurriedly said: "Here are some gadgets I made, you can play with them." ”
他很早就过来了，只是一直没有找到王叶。 He came over early, but he never found Wang Ye.
今天王叶露面了，但他也没机会接近这孩子，直到现在。
Wang Ye showed up today, but he didn't have a chance to get close to this kid until now.
虽然他不喜欢虫老魔，但他对王叶和雷木印象很好，而且王叶和雷木被卷入空间裂缝差点失踪一事，也让这位老好人始终心存愧疚，就想能弥补一二。
Although he didn't like the insect old demon, he had a good impression of Wang Ye and Lei Mu, and the fact that Wang Ye and Lei Mu were involved in the spatial crack and almost disappeared also made this good old man feel guilty all the time, so he wanted to make up for it.
王叶很想说他们的失踪和胖巴里无关，但看到胖巴里那关切的眼神，最终什么都没说，只接过储物手镯，并用力抱了抱这个老好人。
Wang Ye wanted to say that their disappearance had nothing to do with Fat Barry, but seeing Fat Barry's concerned eyes, he finally didn't say anything, only took the storage bracelet, and hugged the good old man hard.
胖巴里揉揉王叶的脑袋，一脸看自家儿孙的慈祥表情。 Fat Barry rubbed Wang Ye's head, looking at the kind expression of his children and grandchildren.
虫老：“……”这死胖子是想抢我徒弟来报复我吗？ Worm Boss: "......, is this fat man trying to rob my apprentice to get revenge on me?"
王叶也来不及调和这两位的恩怨，只能等以后再说了。 Wang Ye didn't have time to reconcile the grievances of the two, so he could only wait for later.
裂隙战场高层调来了一辆特殊的魔法列车。 A special magic train has been summoned from the upper echelons of the Rift Battlefield.
这辆列车看着只有三节车厢，实际里面布置了空间魔法，可以最多容纳三千人，是调兵和救灾专用。
This train looks like it has only three carriages, but it is actually equipped with space magic, which can accommodate up to 3,000 people, and is dedicated to troop mobilization and disaster relief.
在调度者的指挥下，所有参团人员都凭金属牌上了车，只不过为了节省空间，所有人都没有座位。
Under the command of the dispatcher, all the participants got on the bus with metal plates, but in order to save space, all of them did not have seats.
但这时也没人会在乎这么点舒适度，而且大佬们自然有办法让自己待得舒服。
But no one cares about such comfort at this time, and the bigwigs naturally have a way to make themselves comfortable.
王叶看了眼三节车厢乘客分配，微微一笑。 Wang Ye glanced at the passenger allocation of the three carriages and smiled slightly.
不管这三节车厢的乘客名单是如何安排的，对他都无所谓，现在还不到动手的时候。
No matter how the passenger list of these three carriages is arranged, it doesn't matter to him, it's not yet time to get started.
当列车门关上，围观众才发现陨星的时校长竟然没有上车。
When the train door closed, the onlookers realized that the principal had not boarded the train.
还有汲睿等战场高层也没有。 There are also high-level battlefield leaders such as Ji Rui.
但众人转而一想，也觉得这很正常，一个组织的领头人当然不能随便冒险，他们得留下来坐镇。
But everyone thought about it and thought that this was normal, of course the leader of an organization could not take risks casually, they had to stay and sit in charge.
时校长和汲睿眼神交错。 Principal Shi and Ji Rui looked at each other.
所有人都不知道，就在这一刻，整个裂隙战场都暗中动了起来。
Everyone didn't know that at this moment, the entire rift battlefield was secretly moving.
同一时间，裂隙战场之外的双月星上也暗中展开了一场轰轰烈烈的除虫活动。
At the same time, a vigorous deworming activity was also secretly launched on the Twin Moon Star outside the rift battlefield.
这个虫，指的可不止是智慧寄生虫族。 This worm refers to more than just the intelligent parasitic zerg.
因为两地的除虫活动展开的非常突然，几乎打得某些组织措手不及。
Because the deworming activities in the two places started very suddenly, some organizations were almost caught off guard.
尤其是裂隙战场这边，因为某些势力的大量重要人员都进入了旋风带，这就导致出事的时候没有人能支援这些组织的人。
Especially on the side of the rift battlefield, because a large number of important personnel of certain forces have entered the whirlwind belt, this leads to no one who can support the people of these organizations when something happens.
而且从安全区到所有营地，防护和封锁魔法阵全部被激活，所有人都不能离开当地，这就进一步导致消息无法传递、人员也无法流通。
Moreover, from the safe zone to all the camps, the protection and blockade magic arrays were all activated, and no one could leave the area, which further caused the information to be transmitted and the people to circulate.
裂隙战场对外的所有传送阵也全都关闭，往日看不到的树人们出现在各个要害处。
All teleportation arrays outside the Rift Battlefield were also closed, and the trees that were previously invisible appeared in various key places.
随着调查深入，拔出萝卜带出泥，需要抓捕的问题人员也越来越多。
As the investigation deepens, the radish is pulled out and the mud is brought out, and there are more and more problematic people who need to be arrested.
汲睿和时校长等人看着审问出来的口供和搜查出来的一些证据，都感到了阵阵心寒和恐惧。
Ji Rui, Principal Shi and others felt chills and fear when they looked at the confessions that came out of the interrogation and some of the evidence they found.
他们知道裂隙战场可能有了一些问题，但在问题没有彻查之前，谁也没想到问题竟然严重到了这种程度！
They knew that there might be some problems in the Rift Battlefield, but no one expected that the problem would be so serious until the problem was thoroughly investigated!
时校长甚至还得到了一份关于联合陨星仇家、里应外合、共同拿下陨星的计划书。
Principal Shi even got a plan for uniting the Meteorite Enemy, uniting the inside and outside, and taking the Meteorite together.
虽然这份计划书目前还很草率，简单的可笑，但上面列出来的几个名字，却让时校长触目心惊。
Although this plan is still very sloppy and ridiculous, the names listed on it shocked Principal Shi.
胖巴里等人被约谈了，有人问心无愧很容易就过关了，但也有些人被查出和某些组织有牵连，他们因为各种原因，或因为一些恩怨，或因为一些不满，或因为一些利益，还有人是亲友被绑架……，这些人无一例外都成了某些组织给陨星钉下的钉子。
Fat Barry and others were interviewed, and some people were easily able to pass the test with a clear conscience, but some people were found to be involved with certain organizations, and they were kidnapped for various reasons, or because of some grievances, or because of some dissatisfaction, or because of some interests, and some people were kidnapped ......by relatives and friends, and these people without exception became nails for the meteorite by some organizations.
不止陨星，其他超凡者学校，世界排名比较靠前的佣兵组织，包括各大公会和各个智慧种族在内，都有各种各样的问题。
Not only the Meteorite, but also other transcendent schools, the mercenary organizations with high rankings in the world, including the major guilds and various intelligent races, all have all kinds of problems.
裂隙战场这边甚至还查出有人真的和瘤背怪合作，在互通有无。
On this side of the rift battlefield, it was even found that someone was really cooperating with the tumor back monster, and they were communicating with each other.
王叶不知道裂隙战场那边的除虫活动开展的是如火如荼，进入旋风带后，他们就和战场那边断了联系。
Wang Ye didn't know that the pest control activities on the other side of the rift battlefield were in full swing, and after entering the whirlwind belt, they cut off contact with the battlefield.
而这也在王叶预料中，他上次就测试过，他们的身份手镯在旋风带中无法联系外面，其他任何手段都不行，除了他的游戏系统。
And this is also expected by Wang Ye, he tested it last time, their identity bracelet can't be contacted outside in the whirlwind, and no other means can be used, except for his game system.
王叶现在待在车头里，他需要帮助车长指明方向。 Wang Ye is now in the front of the car, and he needs to help the commander point out the direction.
王叶在列车进入旋风带后就念出了那句咒语，并把自己的精神力覆盖了整辆列车。
Wang Ye recited the incantation after the train entered the whirlwind belt, and covered the entire train with his spiritual power.
列车顺利进入“轨道”，接下来就是等待进入旋风眼的通道出现。
The train has successfully entered the "track", and the next step is to wait for the passage into the eye of the whirlwind to appear.
单天行也被王叶从虫巢里释放出来。 Shan Tianxing was also released from the hive by Wang Ye.
单天行看到车头里一堆大佬，有点震惊。他没想到王叶会找到这么多人和他们一起闯风眼，这里至少有十五六个人，其中还有两名树人和两名精灵战士，以及两个巨人和两名兽人战士。
Shan Tianxing was a little shocked when he saw a bunch of bigwigs in the front of the car. He didn't expect Wang Ye to find so many people to break into the eye of the storm with them, there were at least fifteen or sixteen people here, among them there were two treants and two elven warriors, as well as two giants and two orc warriors.
嗯，单天行还没有看到后面三节车厢的实际人数，他现在只看到车头这么多人，就以为闯关人员就这么多。
Well, Shan Tianxing hasn't seen the actual number of people in the back three carriages yet, and now he only sees so many people in the front of the car, so he thinks that there are so many people who break through the customs.
车头内的大佬们对单天行兴趣不大，打量他两眼就没多看。
The bigwigs in the front of the car were not very interested in Shan Tianxing, and they didn't look much at him twice.
王叶和虫老以及兰道师父低语，他的计划，这两位师父都已经知道。
Wang Ye whispered to Worm Elder and Master Landau, his plan, these two masters already knew.
他们一开始是不太赞成，但是在看到那份名单后，他们就再也没有反对。
They weren't in favor of it at first, but when they saw the list, they didn't object again.
这些害虫必须除掉，留下任何一个都是祸害！ These pests must be removed, and any one left behind is a scourge!
王叶拿出来的名单不仅仅是他们是某些组织的人，而是这些人都为了私利包藏祸心，更做了下许多让人发指的事情。
The list that Wang Ye took out was not just that they were people from certain organizations, but that these people were all harboring evil intentions for personal gain, and they had done many outrageous things.
比如死活要在车头占一个位置的裂隙战场高层，欧内斯特，药师总公会前任总会长，目前在战场担任医药总管。可以说裂隙战场的所有医药资源都要经过这位的手。
For example, the high-level of the rift battlefield who wants to occupy a position in the front of the car, Ernest, the former president of the Pharmacists General Guild, is currently serving as the head of medicine on the battlefield. It can be said that all the medical resources of the rift battlefield have to pass through the hands of this person.
这么一个重要职位，选人自然是慎之又慎。 For such an important position, it is natural to be cautious in selecting people.
可就这样仍旧没能逃脱被人掉包的悲剧发生。 But just like that, he still couldn't escape the tragedy of being dropped.
谁能想到瘤背怪高层竟然和某人类组织合作，在一次高层巡检营地医药资源时，突然袭击了某营地。
Who would have thought that the high-level of the tumor back monster would cooperate with a certain human organization and suddenly attack a certain camp during a high-level inspection of the camp's medical resources.
那次袭击引起的轰动不小，瘤背怪们和双月星人大战了半个多月才退去。
The attack caused quite a stir, and the tumbored monsters fought with the Twin Moon Stars for more than half a month before retreating.
当时双月星人都以为这些瘤背怪是想攻占那个营地，谁能知道它们的目的不是想要侵占营地，而只是想要掉包一个人？
At that time, the people of the Twin Moons thought that these tumbored monsters were trying to capture the camp, but who knew that their purpose was not to invade the camp, but just to drop a person?
欧内斯特被换掉了，他的里子是一名变形者，该变形者还在组织的帮助下控制了欧内斯特的精神核，相当于困住了这位前药师总会长的灵魂。
Ernest was replaced, and his liko was a shapeshifter, who also took control of Ernest's spiritual core with the help of the organization, which was equivalent to trapping the soul of the former pharmacist president.
而这位变形者自从变成欧内斯特后，暗中转移了不少高级资源，但因为他做得隐秘，又都有合适借口，至今都没有人怀疑他。
And since this shapeshifter became Ernest, he has secretly transferred a lot of high-level resources, but because he is secretive and has a suitable excuse, no one has doubted him so far.
最可怕的是欧内斯特作为八级接近九级的顶尖药师，战场内如果有哪位高手和大佬重伤，自己无法治疗时，基本都会来寻求这位的帮助。
The most terrifying thing is that Ernest, as a top pharmacist from level 8 to level 9, if there is a master and boss in the battlefield who is seriously injured and cannot be treated, he will basically come to seek help from this person.
欧内斯特通过“治疗”和提供药剂这两点，暗中谋害和控制了不少战场的高手。
Through the two points of "healing" and providing potions, Ernest secretly plotted and controlled many masters on the battlefield.
瘤背怪甚至为这个欧内斯特提供了一种控制药物，只要服下，就会变得乖乖听话。
The lumberback monster even provided this Ernest with a control drug, which would become obedient as long as he took it.
当然，因果卷不可能直接告诉王叶这么多。 Of course, it is impossible for the cause and effect volume to tell Wang Ye so much directly.
王叶之所以知道这些内容，全是他通过其他问题者的信息交叉推测出来。
The reason why Wang Ye knew these contents was all because he cross-speculated through the information of other questioners.
总之，这个掌管了医药大权的假欧内斯特是裂隙战场最大的祸害和背叛者。
In short, this fake Ernest, who is in charge of medicine, is the greatest scourge and betrayer of the Rift Battlefield.
假欧内斯特本身实力也很强，他并不甘心于永生都为某组织服务，他更想凌驾于组织之上。
Fake Ernest himself is also very strong, he is not willing to serve an organization for eternity, he wants to be above the organization.
他自认已经在战场做好一切安排，在他离开期间，被他控制的副手和一干战场管理层会继续为组织服务。
He believes that he has made all arrangements on the battlefield, and that while he is away, the deputies and a cadre of battlefield management under his control will continue to serve the organization.
虽然都说旋风带十分危险，有进无出。他原本也犹豫要不要报名，但后来看报名者如此众多，那小崽子自己也会同行，与他相关的陨星人也有大量参加，他就觉得这次探险的安全度应该比较高，否则那小崽子自己不懂，他的师父们还能不懂吗？
Although it is said that the cyclone belt is very dangerous, there is no entry and no exit. He was originally hesitant to sign up, but later he saw that there were so many applicants, and the little cub himself would also go along, and a large number of meteorites related to him also participated, so he felt that the safety of this expedition should be relatively high, otherwise the little cub himself didn't understand, could his masters still not understand?
和假欧内斯特抱有同样想法的问题大佬还不少，他们都觉得以虫老魔和兰道等人的智慧，不可能眼睁睁看着自家弟子往危险里扎。他们既然敢同行，那肯定对这次探险有一定把握。
There are still many problem bosses who have the same idea as the fake Ernest, and they all feel that with the wisdom of the old demon and Landau and others, it is impossible to watch their own disciples go into danger. Since they dared to go along, they must have some confidence in this expedition.
王叶也就是知道这些人的心理，才会如此大张旗鼓。 Wang Ye also knows the psychology of these people, so he will make such a big fanfare.
而且他确实有信心把带入的人都安全带出来，只要那些人真的能听他的指挥。
And he did have the confidence to bring out all the people he brought in safely, as long as those people could really listen to his commands.
“前面就是通道，注意！”王叶提醒车长，两眼紧紧盯住前方出现的通道。
"There's a passage ahead, pay attention!" Wang Ye reminded the commander, his eyes fixed on the passage that appeared in front of him.
“单天行！该你了。”王叶又喊了一嗓子。 "Single-day travel! Your turn. Wang Ye shouted again.
单天行看看左右，也不敢拿乔，乖乖接过雷木递给他的藏宝图，滴入自己的鲜血，念出相关咒语，激活了这份藏宝图。
Shan Tianxing looked left and right, and didn't dare to take Qiao, so he obediently took the treasure map handed to him by Lei Mu, dripped his own blood, recited the relevant spell, and activated this treasure map.
藏宝图上出现了一个红点。 A red dot appears on the treasure map.
当王叶吩咐车长冲入那条通道时，红点变成了箭头。 When Wang Ye ordered the commander to rush into the passage, the red dot turned into an arrow.
单天行把藏宝图放到了操纵台上，确保所有人都能看到藏宝图上的变化。
Shan Tianxing put the treasure map on the console to make sure everyone could see the changes on the treasure map.
假欧内斯特心情激动。马上！马上就要进入旋风带风眼，不管那里有什么，他都不会把这份机缘让给别人。
Fake Ernest was in a mood. Right away! He was about to enter the eye of the whirlwind, and no matter what was there, he would not give this opportunity to others.
虫老和兰道站在后方，两人像是什么都没做。 Worm Elder and Landau stood in the back, as if they hadn't done anything.
但树人、木精灵、巨人和兽人代表，以及陨星的三位圣级大佬却在同一时刻收到了一个信息。
However, the representatives of the Treants, Wood Elves, Giants and Orcs, as well as the three Saint-level Bosses of the Falling Star, received a message at the same moment.
“这里好复杂，通道像迷宫一样，如果没有藏宝图指路，我们可能真的没办法找到正确的路线。”假欧内斯特和另一名武修大宗师搭话道。
"It's so complicated, the passages are like a maze, and we probably wouldn't have been able to find the right route without a treasure map to guide us." Fake Ernest accosted another martial arts great master.
这位武修大宗师是个很沉默的人，他是这批探险者的武者和佣兵们共同推举出来的进入车头的代表，他同时也是世界排名第一的大型佣兵团“十二枚银币”的副团长。
This Grand Master of Martial Cultivation is a very silent person, he is the representative of the warriors and mercenaries of this group of explorers who have entered the front of the car, and he is also the deputy head of the world's number one large mercenary group "Twelve Silver Coins".
对于前药师总会长的欧内斯特，这位副团长还是很尊重的，闻言就很给面子的点了点头。
For Ernest, the former president of the pharmacist association, the deputy head of the regiment is still very respectful, and he nodded very face-saving when he heard this.
假欧内斯特还冲单天行笑了笑。 Fake Ernest also smiled at Shan Tianxing.
单天行感觉到了这位大佬的善意，他甚至有种对方在笼络他的感觉。
Shan Tianxing felt the kindness of this big guy, and he even had a feeling that the other party was enveloping him.
王叶撇嘴，只当没看见。 Wang Ye pouted, but he didn't see it.
雷木盯着车窗外的通道变化，眼中出现了一点点疑惑的神情。
Lei Mu stared at the change of passage outside the car window, and a little puzzled look appeared in his eyes.
这条通道，他似乎有点熟悉，好像他曾经来过这里？ This passage, he seemed a little familiar, as if he had been here before?
是什么时候？ When is it?
他怎么可能来过这里？ How could he have been here?
雷木开始挖掘自己的记忆。 Remu began to dig into his memories.
通道内突然出现了一排高大的魔兽雕像。 A row of tall monster statues suddenly appeared in the passage.
这些雕像终于唤醒了沉没在雷木记忆海深处的记忆。 These statues finally awaken the memories that sank into the depths of the Sea of Thunderwood's memories.
“叶子，”雷木用精神力联系王叶。 "Yezi," Lei Mu used his spiritual power to contact Wang Ye.
王叶没有转头，却握住了雷木的手。 Wang Ye didn't turn his head, but held Lei Mu's hand.
雷木语气凝重又疑惑地道：“我来过这里，在我很小的时候。”
Lei Mu said in a solemn and confused tone: "I have been here, when I was very young. ”
王叶震惊：啥？ Wang Ye was shocked: What?
雷木接着道：“这个迷宫通道，这些魔兽雕像，我都看到过。”
Lei Mu continued: "I have seen this labyrinth passage, these demonic beast statues. ”
王叶忍不住，问道：“你来过旋风带风眼？谁带你来的？”
Wang Ye couldn't help but asked, "Have you been to the whirlwind with the eye of the wind?" Who brought you here? ”
雷木舔了舔嘴唇：“关键不是谁带我来的，而是我记得这里明明是银月帝国皇室墓地地下入口……那里和这里一模一样，如果我的记忆没出错的话。”
Lei Mu licked his lips: "The key is not who brought me here, but I remember that this is obviously the underground entrance to the royal cemetery of the Silver Moon Empire...... It's exactly the same there as here, if my memory is correct. ”
雷木还一脸不解地道：“我竟然真的进入过墓地秘境，可我为什么不记得了？如果不是看到这个迷宫，我可能永远都想不起来。”
Lei Mu also said with a puzzled expression: "I actually entered the secret realm of the cemetery, but why don't I remember?" If it weren't for seeing this maze, I might never have remembered. ”
第289章 墓地、宇宙飞船？ Chapter 289: Graveyard, Spaceship?
王叶想到了雷木的守墓人身份，当时他看到因果卷上这么介绍雷木时，只以为这是对雷木过去身份的概述。
Wang Ye thought of Lei Mu's identity as the grave keeper, and when he saw that Lei Mu was introduced in the cause and effect scroll, he only thought that this was an overview of Lei Mu's past identity.
但现在仔细想想，因果卷不更应该表明雷木的银月帝国王子身份？
But now that you think about it, shouldn't the Cause and Effect Scroll show Thundermu's status as a prince of the Silver Moon Empire?
除非这个守墓人的身份比一个王子的身份更重要，乃至影响到雷木的一生。
Unless the identity of this tomb keeper is more important than the identity of a prince, and even affects Lei Mu's life.
这就好像一个人出生时是商人的儿子，但他长大后当了佣兵，那么因果卷在介绍他的时候就会用佣兵这个身份，而不是商人的儿子，除非他想看到这个人更多身世底细。
It's like if a person was born the son of a merchant, but he grew up to be a mercenary, then the cause and effect roll will use the identity of the mercenary when introducing him, not the merchant's son, unless he wants to see more details about this person's background.
守墓人，是单纯的职业名称，还是有什么特殊意义？ Grave keeper, is it simply a professional name, or does it have any special significance?
“你还记得什么吗？”王叶问。 "Do you remember anything?" Wang Ye asked.
雷木茫然摇头，“我看到一些才能想起一些，那段记忆好像故意被隐藏了，也可能是我太小不记得了。”
Lei Mu shook his head blankly, "I can only remember some when I see something, that memory seems to have been deliberately hidden, or maybe I was too young to remember." ”
“你还记得你是什么时候成了守墓人吗？”王叶还记得雷木略微跟他聊过这事，他只是想再确定一下。
"Do you remember when you became a grave keeper?" Wang Ye still remembered that Lei Mu had talked to him about this slightly, and he just wanted to make sure again.
“七岁，在我第二次魔种爆发后。”对于这个时间，雷木记得很清楚，因为他就是那时碰到了他的恩人……撒尔曼大帝。
"Seven, after my second Demon Seed outbreak." Remu remembers this time very well, because it was then that he met his benefactor...... Sahrman the Great.
也是因为畏惧这位大帝伪装的强者，撒埃德夫妻才没有动手杀死他，而是把他扔进了家族墓地，让他孤零零一个小孩待在属于死人的地盘上。
It was also because they were afraid of the powerful man in the Emperor's disguise that the Saeed couple did not kill him, but threw him into the family cemetery, leaving him alone with a child on the territory of the dead.
但那段在墓地的经历对于雷木来说却是难得的平静期，在那里没有人欺辱他、虐待他，只有无边的寂静和黑暗。
But that experience in the cemetery was a rare period of calm for Thunderwood, where no one bullied or abused him, only boundless silence and darkness.
对了，他那时候吃什么来着？ By the way, what was he eating at that time?
雷木一惊，他突然发现他对小时候的守墓记忆竟然十分模糊，他记得自己在墓地长大，也记得撒尔曼伪装的猎人来见过他几次，还指点过他武技和教他怎么掌握自己的异术，并教他如何压制自己的魔种之力。
Remu was startled, he suddenly found that his memories of guarding the tomb when he was a child were very vague, he remembered that he grew up in the cemetery, and he also remembered that the hunters in Salman's disguise had come to see him a few times, and had also instructed him in martial arts and taught him how to master his own magic skills, and taught him how to suppress the power of his demon seed.
可他却不记得他在墓地生活的详细。 But he couldn't remember the details of his life at the cemetery.
撒尔曼大帝并不是一个细心的人，他从来没有给他送过食物和衣物等，只给过他一些常用药物，还给了他一些金币和魔晶。
Saarman the Great was not a careful man, he never sent him food and clothing, etc., only gave him some common medicines, and gave him some gold coins and magic crystals.
而撒埃德夫妻怎么可能想得起要给他送饭和照顾他生活？
And how could the Saeed couple think of bringing him food and taking care of him?
可墓地也没有其他人存在，他很肯定活人只有他一个。 But there was no one else in the cemetery, and he was sure that he was the only one alive.
那么他到底是怎么活下来的？ So how the hell did he survive?
雷木越想越心惊，他不仅震惊自己记忆的模糊和缺失，更恐惧在这之前他竟然完全没有察觉到不对。
The more he thought about it, the more frightened he became, not only shocked by the blurring and lack of his memory, but also terrified that he had not noticed anything wrong before this.
“木木？”王叶用力握住雷木的手，用精神力呼唤他。 "Mumu?" Wang Ye held Lei Mu's hand hard and called him with his spiritual power.
雷木收敛心神，他的情绪影响到小叶子了，小叶子都不看车辆外面和藏宝图指示，转头看向他，眼中也满是担心。
Lei Mu retracted his mind, his emotions affected Xiao Yezi, Xiao Ye didn't look at the outside of the vehicle and the treasure map's instructions, turned his head to look at him, his eyes were also full of worry.
雷木伸手，把王叶的头转向正方，精神传音道：“别担心我，我需要自己去想明白一些事情，等我弄明白了，我再告诉你。”
Lei Mu stretched out his hand, turned Wang Ye's head to the square, and said in a spiritual voice: "Don't worry about me, I need to figure out some things by myself, and when I figure it out, I'll tell you." ”
雷木打算看看，受到这个通道的刺激，他能想起多少。 Reimu planned to see how much he could remember from the stimulation of this passage.
王叶怎么可能不担心雷木，他打开了因果卷，精神力几次从雷木的名字上掠过。
How could Wang Ye not worry about Lei Mu, he opened the cause and effect scroll, and his spiritual power passed through Lei Mu's name several times.
他想看到雷木上一世的经历，非常想。 He wanted to see the experience of Thunder Mu's previous life, very much.
但与他牵扯越深的人，他想看到对方上一世的经历所需要消耗的精神力就越多。
But the more people are involved with him, the more mental power he needs to consume to see the experience of the other party in the previous life.
虽然还没有看到，但王叶只掠过雷木的名字就知道，以他现在的精神力，他恐怕看不到一会儿就会精神力枯竭。
Although he hadn't seen it yet, Wang Ye only skimmed Lei Mu's name and knew that with his current spiritual power, he was afraid that he would be exhausted if he didn't see it for a while.
王叶又看向副卷，看雷木的人际关系，看还有没有人对雷木心怀恶意。
Wang Ye looked at the sub-scroll again, looking at Lei Mu's interpersonal relationships, and seeing if anyone had malicious intentions towards Lei Mu.
看了半天，似乎还是原来那些人，最新增加的几个基本都是对他们未来的收获感兴趣的。
After watching it for a long time, it seems that it is still the same people, and the latest additions are basically interested in their future gains.
王叶忽然一拍自己的脑袋，他真笨！他为什么要看现在？
Wang Ye suddenly patted his head, he was so stupid! Why is he looking now?
王叶开始查看雷木小时候的人际关系。 Wang Ye began to check on Lei Mu's interpersonal relationships when he was a child.
他耐心地一个个看过去，就连外面的通道都没怎么看。 He patiently looked over one by one, not even looking at the passage outside.
反正有藏宝图指路，车长可以自己不断调整方向。 Anyway, there is a treasure map to guide the way, and the commander can constantly adjust the direction on his own.
而那名黄花树人也知道第一关的正确通关路，有他在旁边看着，也不怕列车走错路。
And the Huanghuashu man also knows the correct way to clear the first level, and with him watching from the side, he is not afraid that the train will go the wrong way.
虫老看到王叶紧紧抓住雷木的手，像是在发愣，而雷木眼看外面通道像是在思索什么，他不禁微微皱了皱眉。
Seeing that Wang Ye was holding Lei Mu's hand tightly, as if he was stunned, and Lei Mu looked at the passage outside as if he was thinking about something, he couldn't help frowning slightly.
这兄弟俩肯定内部交流了什么，而且不是什么好事。 The brothers must have communicated something internally, and it wasn't a good thing.
虫老对兰道使眼色，示意他多注意两个孩子。 The insect elder winked at Landau and motioned for him to pay more attention to the two children.
兰道把百分之八十的心神都放到了两人身上，还有百分之二十则防着车头中的外人。
Landau put 80 percent of his attention on the two of them, and 20 percent on the outsiders in the front of the car.
王叶以前就查看过雷木过去的人际关系，他把当年虐待过雷木的人员名单全都记了下来，一个都不打算放过。
Wang Ye had checked Lei Mu's past interpersonal relationships before, and he had written down all the lists of people who had abused Lei Mu back then, and he didn't plan to let go of any of them.
只是他们自从成为陨星的学生后就一直忙着学习和做任务，几乎没有时间处理过去的私事，报仇的事就暂时放了下来。
It's just that they have been busy studying and doing tasks since they became students of the Meteorite, and they have almost no time to deal with the private affairs of the past, so the matter of revenge has been put aside for the time being.
但也只是暂时放下，不代表王叶忘了。 But it's only a temporary put-down, which doesn't mean that Wang Ye has forgotten.
如今他再把这些人名和对雷木做的事看了一遍，心中仇恨之火也烧得更加旺盛。
Now that he had read these names and what he had done to Lei Mu again, the fire of hatred in his heart burned even more vigorously.
忽然，一个名字进入了王叶眼中。 Suddenly, a name entered Wang Ye's eyes.
这个名字，王叶都没什么印象了，因为这人并没有虐待欺辱过雷木，他当时就一掠而过，内容都没仔细看。
Wang Ye didn't have much impression of this name, because this person had not abused and bullied Lei Mu, he swept by it at that time, and he didn't read the content carefully.
可现在他再次看到这个名字，忽然感到了一丝怪异。 But now that he saw the name again, he suddenly felt a little weird.
这人名叫默林。 The man's name was Merlin.
貌似很普通的名字，而他和雷木的关系是食物提供者。 It seems to be a very common name, and his relationship with Raigi is that of a food provider.
他当时看着这人时，还以为这人就是一个送饭的仆人或者专门负责给皇家墓地守墓人供应食物的工作人员，压根没多想。
When he looked at this man at the time, he thought that this person was a servant who delivered food or a staff member who was responsible for supplying food to the tomb keepers of the royal cemetery, so he didn't think much about it at all.
可这时他脑中闪过了那名独瘤瘤背怪提到的一个词，“塔塔拉默林”。
But then a word mentioned by the monolumbus monster flashed through his mind, "Tatara Merlin".
虽然把银月帝国皇室墓地和瘤背怪联系到一起有点古怪，但都叫默林，真的有这么巧合的事情吗？
Although it's a bit strange to associate the royal graveyard of the Silver Moon Empire with the tumor back monster, they are both called Merlin, is there really such a coincidence?
王叶更加仔细查看这个叫默林的人的信息。 Wang Ye looked more closely at the information of this person named Merlin.
可这次因果卷非常吝啬，对于这人的信息给的极少。 But this time the cause and effect roll was very stingy, and very little information was given to this person.
“就要出去了。”黄花树人忽然道。 "I'm going out." The yellow flower tree man said suddenly.
王叶回神，看向外面通道。 Wang Ye came back to his senses and looked at the passage outside.
他看到了双月星智慧种族的雕塑，之前是魔兽，这次是智慧种族，这个通道放这么多雕塑，是有什么意义吗？
He saw the sculpture of the Twin Moon Star Intelligent Race, it was a Warcraft before, and this time it was a Smart Race, is there any point in putting so many sculptures in this passage?
整辆列车的探险者们都没想到他们竟然如此轻易地就进入了风眼。
The explorers of the entire train did not expect them to enter the eye of the storm so easily.
是的，从通道出来，就再也没有旋风，周围一片黑暗和寂静，宛如无边无沿的太空。
Yes, when you come out of the passage, there is no more whirlwind, and there is darkness and silence all around, like boundless space.
车长看着藏宝图，藏宝图上的箭头并没有消失，他可以继续依照箭头指引的方向前进。
The commander looked at the treasure map, the arrow on the treasure map did not disappear, and he could continue to follow the direction of the arrow.
列车也不知行进了多久，也许很长时间，也许很短，在这样黑暗广袤的空间里行走，人很容易失去时间感。
I don't know how long the train has been traveling, maybe for a long time, maybe very short, and walking in such a dark and vast space, it is easy to lose the sense of time.
忽然！ Suddenly!
不少人都发出了惊呼声。 Quite a few people exclaimed.
“那是什么？” "What's that?"
王叶也看到了。 Wang Ye also saw it.
那是一个半隐半现的巨大光网，光网构成了一只巨大的怪兽。
It was a huge web of light that was half-hidden and half-visible, and the web of light constituted a giant monster.
那模样就像是传说中的星空巨兽。 It looked like a legendary starry beast.
不对！那哪里是星空巨兽，那明明是宇宙飞船！ Wrong! Where is the starry sky beast, it is obviously a spaceship!
就连小云几个小的此时都在虫巢空间中喊着宇宙飞船。 Even Xiaoyun and a few small ones were shouting about the spaceship in the hive space at this time.
因为他们看过太多动画片和科幻片，其中有些脑洞很大的宇宙飞船外形虽然和这个光网构成的星空巨兽有所区别，但还是能看出一点影子。
Because they have watched too many cartoons and science fiction films, some of them have big brains, although the appearance of the spaceship is different from the starry sky monster composed of this light network, but they can still see a little shadow.
而且真活物和飞船到底还是有一些区别。 And there are still some differences between real creatures and spaceships.
王叶就是看到了类似小型飞行器进出口、能量管道、和类似推进器之类的构成。
Wang Ye just saw the composition of small aircraft inlet and export, energy pipeline, and thrusters.
靳蜘蛛作为圣级炼金者，他也认出这光网构成物与活物的区别，一口道出：“这是炼金物。天！它真美，它到底是怎么炼制出来的？”
As a saint-level alchemist, Jin Spider also recognized the difference between this light web composition and a living thing, and said, "This is an alchemy." Sky! It's so beautiful, how is it made? ”
如果这真是一艘宇宙飞船，那么它的构成已经超过地球人和双月星人的普遍认知。
If this is really a spaceship, then its composition has exceeded the common perception of earthlings and bilunar stars.
你在它身上看不到半点金属，全是光构成的线条。 You don't see a single trace of metal on it, it's just lines of light.
就好像那宇宙飞船不是实体，而是虚幻。 It's as if the spaceship wasn't a physical thing, but an illusion.
而且这艘宇宙飞船的身体流线非常柔和，整个身体都像活物一样在漆黑的空间中轻轻游动。
Moreover, the body of this spaceship is very soft, and the whole body swims gently in the dark space like a living thing.
“塔塔拉族。”王叶无声低语。 "Tatara." Wang Ye whispered silently.
他现在有点明白传说中的那两位为什么要人为设置关卡，他们确实是在保护和防备什么。
He now kind of understood why the legendary two people were artificially setting up the levels, and what they were really protecting and guarding against.
他们有可能在保护这艘宇宙飞船，同时也在防备它。他们也有可能是在保护双月星人，不想让这艘宇宙飞船飞出去。
It's possible that they're protecting the spaceship and guarding against it at the same time. It's also possible that they're protecting the Twin Moons and don't want the spaceship to fly out.
车中众人看光网构成的巨兽看得目眩神迷，他们暂时还不知道这是一艘宇宙飞船。
Everyone in the car was dazzled by the giant beast made of light nets, and they didn't know that it was a spaceship for the time being.
他们正在想这是什么宝贝，得到后对他们会有什么益处。
They were wondering what kind of treasure it was, and what would it do them good to get it.
而单天行也只知道风眼中有一只美丽的巨兽，十分危险，其他他就不知道了，他也是如此告诉王叶的。
And Shan Tianxing only knew that there was a beautiful giant beast in the eye of the wind, which was very dangerous, and he didn't know anything else, so he told Wang Ye the same.
黄花树人也在轻叹，他有时在梦中也会见到这一幕，如今再次亲眼瞧见，他发现他的梦境还不如现实梦幻。
The Yellow Flower Tree Man was also sighing, he sometimes saw this scene in his dreams, and now that he saw it with his own eyes, he found that his dreams were not as dreamy as reality.
“我们要过去吗？”车长低声问。 "Shall we go over?" The commander asked in a low voice.
王叶正要说话，那假欧内斯特就抢着道：“当然过去！我们慢慢地接近，看那东西到底是什么。”
Wang Ye was about to speak, but the fake Ernest rushed to say: "Of course it goes!" We slowly approached to see what it was. ”
黄花树人却在此时道：“不要接近，这东西很危险，过于接近会被攻击。”
But the yellow flower tree man said at this time: "Don't approach, this thing is very dangerous, too close will be attacked." ”
假欧内斯特不以为然。富贵险中求，想要得到好东西、窥探那光兽的秘密，当然要承担一定危险。
Fake Ernest disagreed. Wealth is in danger, and if you want to get good things and spy on the secrets of the light beast, of course, you have to bear certain dangers.
假欧内斯特甚至巴不得打起来，这样他才有机会单独行动，伺机得到更多好处。
Fake Ernest even wants to fight, so that he can have a chance to act alone and wait for the opportunity to get more benefits.
王叶也有同样想法，他在知道第一关中有一只巨大美丽且危险的巨兽后，就想要借用这只巨兽除掉名单上的问题者。
Wang Ye also had the same idea, after he knew that there was a huge, beautiful and dangerous giant beast in the first level, he wanted to borrow this giant beast to get rid of the problematic people on the list.
他甚至已经想好如何在列车中制造矛盾，挑起对立，然后把人员彻底分开。
He has even figured out how to create contradictions in the train, provoke confrontation, and then completely separate the personnel.
甚至必要时，他会把己方人员和列车全都收入虫巢，再躲起来，只放那些问题者在外面。
Even if necessary, he will put all his personnel and trains into the hive, and then hide, leaving only those who have problems outside.
到时那些人为了活命，也不得不试图挑战第一关里的巨兽。
At that time, in order to survive, those people will have to try to challenge the giant beast in the first level.
虽然这只巨兽不是巨兽，而是一艘宇宙飞船，但能让传说中的那两位如此警惕，还特地人为设置障碍，不让大家靠近，这就说明这艘宇宙飞船并不只是摆在那里好看，它必然有强大的攻击性。
Although this giant beast is not a giant beast, but a spaceship, it can make the legendary two so vigilant, and specially set up obstacles to prevent everyone from approaching, which shows that this spaceship is not just placed there to look good, it must be powerful and aggressive.
“我们可以先派一些人进行试探。”王叶一本正经地开口，也开始了他的计划。
"We can send some people to test it first." Wang Ye spoke solemnly and began his plan.
但雷木却在此时握了握他的手。 But Reimu shook his hand at this time.
“它在呼唤我。”雷木这么跟王叶说。 "It's calling me." Lei Mu said this to Wang Ye.
王叶顿时纠结起来。 Wang Ye suddenly became entangled.
雷木看到这艘光网构成的宇宙飞船时，他脑中属于孩童时期的记忆浮起更多，他想起他曾经也看到过这美丽的存在，还不止一次两次。
When Reimu saw the spaceship made of the light web, the memories of his childhood years came to his mind even more, and he remembered that he had seen this beautiful existence before, more than once or twice.
他似乎还进入过这艘飞船内部，并在里面玩耍过。 He also seems to have entered the interior of the ship and played in it.
那里有一个存在，似乎给他提供过食物…… There was a presence there that seemed to have provided him with food......
“你知道怎么进去吗？”王叶精神传音问。 "Do you know how to get in?" Wang Ye asked in the spirit of transmission.
“目前不知道，但它会让我进去。”雷木对此十分有信心。
"I don't know at the moment, but it's going to let me in." Remu is confident in this.
“你听到了它的呼唤声？”王叶什么都没听见。 "You hear it calling?" Wang Ye didn't hear anything.
雷木：“你没听到吗？声音很清晰。” Remu: "Didn't you hear? The sound is clear. ”
“大约是一种精神传音，或者是一种独特的电波技术。”王叶鼓了鼓嘴巴，他讨厌有人背着他勾搭他家娃儿。
"It's about a kind of psychic transmission, or a unique radio wave technology." Wang Ye puffed out his mouth, he hated that someone hooked up with his baby behind his back.
“我能陪你一起过去吗？”王叶问。 "Can I come with you?" Wang Ye asked.
雷木：“我不知道，我得去问问。” Remu: "I don't know, I'll have to ask." ”
王叶沉吟片刻：“你稍等，我得找个机会把你偷偷送过去，不能让人察觉你能自由进出那艘宇宙飞船。”
Wang Ye pondered for a moment: "Wait a minute, I have to find a chance to send you over secretly, so that no one can detect that you can enter and exit that spaceship freely." ”
“宇宙飞船？”雷木笑起来，“倒是很贴切，里面的空间确实极大，我似乎就没有把那里都跑遍。”
"Spaceship?" Lei Mu laughed, "It's very appropriate, the space inside is really huge, I don't seem to have run all over there." ”
雷木脑中不时闪过一些影子，他还看到了一个光球，那个光球总喜欢逗弄他，逗着他追着它到处跑。
Shadows flashed through Thunderwood's mind from time to time, and he also saw a ball of light, which always liked to tease him, teasing him to run around after it.
“默林。”雷木脱口而出，他轻笑：“我想起来了，给我供应食物的存在，它叫默林。原来我是它养大的……”
"Merlin." Remu blurted out, and he chuckled, "I remembered, the existence that supplied me with food, it's called Merlin." It turns out that I was raised by ......."
这句话让王叶对这艘宇宙飞船，以及对那个默林的感觉立刻复杂起来。
This sentence made Wang Ye's feelings about this spaceship and that Merlin immediately complicated.
虫老在听到王叶的那句话后——那是一句暗号，表示行动开始，他就开始和周围人商讨，并故意用他那毒辣刻薄的言辞激起假欧内斯特的反感。
After hearing Wang Ye's words, which was a code signal, indicating that the action had begun, he began to discuss with the people around him, and deliberately used his vicious and mean words to arouse the disgust of the fake Ernest.
虫老表示一切都要听从团长指挥，这是一开始就说好的，如果不听从，那么团长可以不保证该团员的安全。
The worm elder said that everything must be under the command of the regiment commander, which was said at the beginning, if he did not obey, then the regiment commander could not guarantee the safety of the regiment.
假欧内斯特满脸讥笑地看着王叶说：“就这么个小东西，他想怎么指挥？你真的想让大家都听一个十岁娃娃的安排？”
Fake Ernest looked at Wang Ye with a sneer on his face and said, "It's such a little thing, how does he want to command?" Do you really want everyone to listen to a ten-year-old doll's arrangement? ”
“你也可以不听。”虫老冷冷道。 "You can also not listen." The insect elder said coldly.
十二枚银币佣兵团副团长陶源武问：“请问你们打算怎么安排？”
Tao Yuanwu, deputy head of the Twelve Silver Coin Mercenary Regiment, asked, "May I ask what you plan to arrange?" ”
虫老一脸理所当然地说：“我们会安排一批人探查那光兽。”
The worm elder said with a natural expression, "We will arrange a group of people to investigate the light beast. ”
“安排谁？”假欧内斯特立刻问。 "Arrange whom?" Fake Ernest asked immediately.
虫老直接道：“我们陨星的人。免得我们安排其他人，你们以为我们是在安排他们做炮灰送死。”
The insect elder said directly: "We are from the Falling Star. lest we arrange for other people, and you think that we are arranging for them to be cannon fodder to die. ”
假欧内斯特皱眉，如果虫老真的安排他或者其他人去探查那只光兽，他说不定会找各种理由不去，谁都知道第一批探索者是最危险的。
Fake Ernest frowned, if the worm really arranged for him or others to explore the light beast, he might find all kinds of reasons not to go, everyone knew that the first explorers were the most dangerous.
可是当王叶那个小东西竟然主动道：“第一批我和雷木领头，再挑几个人，不需要多。三位前辈你们就留下来坐镇，我就带我师父们，还有一位树人以及一位木精灵战士过去就好。”
But when Wang Ye's little thing actually took the initiative to say: "I and Lei Mu will lead the first batch, and pick a few more people, you don't need more." The three seniors will stay and sit in the town, and I will bring my masters, a tree man, and a wood elf warrior over. ”
王叶口中的三位前辈就是陨星的那三位圣级黑袍老怪物。
The three seniors in Wang Ye's mouth were the three saint-level black-robed old monsters of the Meteorite.
三位大佬已经得过时校长嘱托和吩咐，而且也知道他们的部分计划，这时听王叶让他们留下，他们就没反对。
The three bigwigs had already been instructed and instructed by the outdated principal, and they also knew part of their plans, so they didn't object when they heard Wang Ye let them stay.
可三位大佬的态度越发让假欧内斯特产生怀疑。 But the attitude of the three bigwigs made the fake Ernest more suspicious.
假欧内斯特眼看陶源武不说话，不得不自己开口质问：“你们是不是掌握了更多信息？知道要怎么接近那光兽？那光兽到底是什么？你们是不是知道什么关键消息，却瞒着不说？”
Seeing that Tao Yuanwu didn't speak, False Ernest had to ask himself: "Do you have more information?" Do you know how to get close to the light beast? What the hell is a light beast? Do you know any key information but don't tell it? ”
王叶可不是会尊老爱幼的好孩子，当下没好气地道：“我为什么要告诉你？”
Wang Ye is not a good child who will respect the old and love the young, so he said angrily at the moment: "Why should I tell you? ”
他还像一个任性的孩子一样说：“都说了这次探险要听我的指挥，你要是不愿意听，我可没办法保证你的安全。”
He also said like a wayward child: "It has been said that this expedition will be under my command, and if you don't want to listen, I can't guarantee your safety." ”
“你保证安全的方式，就是让我们看着你们去捞好处，说不定还要帮你们对付一定的危险，最后我们只能来回一趟游？”假欧内斯特犀利地指出。
"Your way of ensuring safety is to let us watch you go to the advantage, maybe help you deal with certain dangers, and in the end we can only go back and forth?" False Ernest pointed out sharply.
王叶插腰，特别蛮不讲理地说：“难道我这个不是旅游团吗？旋风带探险旅游团，我说得明明白白，大叔你是不是年纪太大了，耳朵坏掉脑子也坏掉了？我有保证必须带领你们拿到好处吗？我只保证你们听指挥可以安全带你们回家。我也只保证，不会抢夺你们的机缘。你们要想得到更多，那你们就自己去耍！”
Wang Ye thrust his waist and said unreasonably: "Isn't this a tour group?" Whirlwind with adventure tours, I said it clearly, uncle, are you too old, your ears are broken, and your brain is broken? Do I have a guarantee that I will lead you to the benefits? All I promise is that you will be able to take you home safely. I only promise that I will not rob you of your chance. If you want more, then you can play it yourself! ”
“不能让他们随便行动，惹出更大麻烦怎么办？”虫老故意表示不赞同。
"What if you can't let them act casually and get into more trouble?" The worm elder deliberately disagreed.
王叶气呼呼地道：“可他们看着像是能听我指挥的样子吗？”
Wang Ye said angrily: "But do they look like they can listen to my command?" ”
“这样吧，最初一批试探人手，我们可以现场招募，看谁自己想去。”翡爵建议道。
"In this way, the first batch of test manpower, we can recruit on the spot, and see who wants to go." Fei Jue suggested.
王叶似乎不太高兴，但看在翡爵的面子上，忍住了发表意见。
Wang Ye didn't seem to be very happy, but for the sake of Fei Jue's face, he couldn't help but express his opinion.
假欧内斯特试图说服陶源武和兽人战士以及巨人战士站到他这边，毕竟刚才王叶提到的第一批名单中都没有他们。
Fake Ernest tried to convince Tao Yuanwu and the orc warriors and the giant warriors to side with him, after all, they were not in the first list mentioned by Wang Ye just now.
最后经过黄花树人打圆场，最终采取了翡爵的建议。 In the end, after the yellow flower tree man played a round, he finally adopted Fei Jue's suggestion.
王叶开始在全列车中进行公开招募第一批试探者。 Wang Ye began to openly recruit the first batch of temptors in the whole train.
“谁愿意做斥候冒险的，现在自己报名。名额有限，只有三十人，欲报从速。报名截止时间十分钟，超过时间不候。”王叶说完这句话，就表明：“团长雷木和我会一起去，另外还有我师父们。”
"Whoever wants to be a scout adventure, sign up for yourself now. The number of places is limited, only 30 people, and I want to report as soon as possible. The registration deadline is 10 minutes. After Wang Ye said this, he indicated: "The head of the regiment, Lei Mu, and I will go together, as well as my masters." ”
假欧内斯特已经开始联系他的自己人。 Fake Ernest has begun to contact his own people.
虽然大家的身份手镯不能对外联系，但在同一个空间中，还是能做短途联系的。而且超凡者也有着其他联系自己人的方法。
Although everyone's identity bracelet cannot be contacted externally, it can still be used for short-distance contact in the same space. And the transcendent also has other ways of connecting with their own people.
最后定下来的名单，是经过商讨后的名单，实力太低的人全都划出。
The final list is a list after discussion, and all those who are too low in strength are drawn out.
最后王叶这边，有雷木、虫老、兰道、黄花树人、翡爵、巨人白宁、兽人鹰长空参加。
陶源武在经过思考后，接受了树人们的建议，答应留下来和陨星的三个老怪物一起坐镇列车，以防其他危险。
其他二十二人，在王叶和虫老等人的有意操纵下，只有两人是中立者，其中二十人都是王叶名单上的问题人物。
假欧内斯特对此还很高兴，他以为王叶不知道这些人和他的关系，他还暗中得意这批人中他的人员占了大部分，那么一旦王叶等人发现什么好处，他们抢占的可能性就大得多。
第一批斥候定下，王叶暗中和雷木对话：“你既然在这里生活过，还认识这里的主人，那么你觉得能让他帮我们一把吗？”
雷木不太确定，只道：“我可以试试。”
“不行的话，到时候我就把你们都装入虫巢，只留那些家伙去闯飞船。但如果你能和飞船主联系上，你就告诉飞船主，说他们是入侵者。”王叶恶意满满地道。
雷木笑，揉揉王叶的脑袋：“好主意。”
第290章 雷木和默林
一行三十人操纵各自的飞行魔器向那个美丽到如梦似幻的庞然巨物靠拢。
出发前，王叶再三声明要大家听从他的指挥。
但他越这样说，假欧内斯特等人就越是对他提防，自然也不会真的听从他的命令。
But the more he said this, the more wary Ernest and the others beware of him, and naturally they would not really obey his orders.
而且假欧内斯特等人完全不觉得真是王叶在指挥这支团队，就一个十岁的孩子，他再聪明能比得上大人吗？
And fake Ernest and the others don't think that Wang Ye is really commanding this team at all, just a ten-year-old child, no matter how smart he is, can he compare to adults?
最后还不是他那些师父在背后操纵？ In the end, it wasn't his masters who were manipulating behind his back?
换言之，也就是陨星在后面控制这次探险行动。 In other words, the meteorite is behind the expedition.
为了不让陨星获得最大好处，假欧内斯特等人都已经决定，他们要独自行动，并抢夺陨星人的重要机缘。
In order not to let the meteorite get the most benefits, Fake Ernest and the others have already decided that they want to act alone and snatch the important opportunity of the meteorite.
眼看越来越靠近宇宙飞船，王叶还感觉到一股奇特的隐而不发的能量，他正要和虫老他们通话，打算弄个幌子，把自己人暂时收入虫巢，做出一个失踪或者已经进入飞船的假象，引诱假欧内斯特等人去探索飞船。
Seeing that he was getting closer and closer to the spaceship, Wang Ye also felt a strange hidden energy, he was about to talk to the worm elder and them, planning to make a pretense to temporarily put his own people into the worm nest, make an illusion that he was missing or had entered the spaceship, and lure the fake Ernest and others to explore the spaceship.
王叶也想过假欧内斯特等人实力不凡，也许他们真的能闯入飞船，并从中获得一些什么。
Wang Ye also thought that if Ernest and the others were extraordinary, maybe they could really break into the spaceship and gain something from it.
但他不认为这些人能毁灭性的破坏飞船。 But he didn't think these people could destroy the ship.
原因有三。 There are three reasons for this.
首先就是连传说中的那两位都认为这飞船危险，而不愿让人们接近这里。黄花树人实力可是圣级接近半神级，可他同样对这艘飞船小心翼翼。
The first is that even the two legendary ones think the ship is dangerous and don't want people to approach it. The strength of the Yellow Flower Tree Man is close to the demigod level, but he is also cautious about this spaceship.
其次就是他怀疑这艘飞船和塔塔拉族有关，那么惊才绝艳的种族，他不相信这个种族真的一点有生力量都没有逃脱，也许剩余的塔塔拉族就在这艘飞船上。而这艘飞船显然也是塔塔拉族的最高科技结晶，他猜。
The second is that he suspects that this spaceship is related to the Tatara race, such an amazing race, he doesn't believe that this race really has no living force at all, maybe the remaining Tatara tribe is on this spaceship. And this spaceship is also clearly the highest technology crystallization of the Tatara people, he guesses.
不同的能量发展路线，但威力都一样，假欧内斯特等人已经习惯魔法师和异术，却没有怎么接触过高科技和黑科技。他们被打懵是很有可能的。
Different energy development routes, but the power is the same, fake Ernest and others are used to magicians and magic, but they have not had much contact with high-tech and black technology. It's quite possible that they'll be stunned.
最主要的是，靳蜘蛛看着这艘飞船都有种无从下手之感，他就不信假欧内斯特等人知道要如何破开这艘飞船的防守。
The most important thing is that Jin Spider has a feeling of being at a loss when he looks at this spaceship, and he doesn't believe that Ernest and the others know how to break through the ship's defenses.
就算飞船不能把假欧内斯特等人杀死，只要能消耗他们的实力，拖住他们，他和师父们也能利用虫巢悄悄地一个接一个解决这些家伙。
Even if the spaceship can't kill the fake Ernest and the others, as long as it can consume their strength and drag them down, he and the masters can use the hive to quietly solve these guys one by one.
【任务发布！玩家隔壁小王在自由探险中发现了一艘来自遥远他星系的宇宙飞船，请隔壁小王探索这艘宇宙飞船，找出飞船的来历。任务完成，奖励一万点经验值。】
【Mission Released!】 The player's next door, Xiao Wang, discovers a spaceship from a distant other galaxy during his free exploration, and asks Xiao Wang next door to explore the spaceship and find out the origin of the spaceship. Complete the mission and reward 10,000 XP points. 】
【任务发布！玩家隔壁小王组织的探险活动触发了守墓人雷木的过去记忆，请隔壁小王帮助守墓人雷木找寻回自己的童年和少年时期记忆，帮助守墓人雷木进入真正的觉醒阶段。任务完成，奖励十万点经验值。】
【Mission Released!】 The expedition organized by Xiao Wang next door to the player triggers the past memories of the grave keeper Lei Mu, and asks Xiao Wang next door to help the tomb keeper Lei Mu find his childhood and teenage memories, and help the tomb keeper Lei Mu enter the real awakening stage. Complete the quest and reward 100,000 XP points. 】
真正的觉醒阶段？这是什么意思？王叶心中不安。 The real stage of awakening? What does that mean? Wang Ye was uneasy.
而且系统一句一个守墓人，这说明雷木这个守墓人身份和这艘宇宙飞船关系极深。
And the system is a grave keeper, which shows that Lei Mu's identity as a grave keeper has a deep relationship with this spaceship.
王叶是真没想到雷木身上还有他不知道的秘密。 Wang Ye really didn't expect that Lei Mu still had secrets that he didn't know.
他还以为他已经了解了雷木全部。 He thought he knew all about Remu.
王叶一时想得太多，想得他脑袋都疼。 Wang Ye thought too much for a while, and his head hurt when he thought about it.
算了，走一步看一步，这种上辈子完全没有接触到，这辈子慢慢解谜的过程也挺有意思的。人如果什么都知道，那活着还有什么意思呢？
Forget it, take it one step at a time, this kind of previous life has not been exposed to it at all, and the process of slowly solving the mystery in this life is also quite interesting. If one knows everything, what is the point of living?
王叶头脑再次变得清明，他甚至露出了笑容，还挠了挠雷木的手心。
Wang Ye's mind became clear again, and he even smiled and scratched Lei Mu's palm.
雷木奇怪地看王叶，怎么一刹那间心情就变得这么好了？
Lei Mu looked at Wang Ye strangely, why did he feel so good in an instant?
不过王叶的好心情也影响到他，加上脑中那些闪过的记忆称得上愉快，这让他面对这艘飞船时，心态非常轻松。
However, Wang Ye's good mood also affected him, and the memories that flashed in his mind were pleasant, which made him feel very relaxed when facing this spaceship.
以至于他在听到再次的呼唤后，还给予了回应。 So much so that he responded when he heard the call again.
“小家伙，欢迎回来。” "Welcome back, little one."
“嗯。” "Hmm."
听到雷木的回应，那呼唤忽然变得活跃起来，它还给出了非常明显的反应——飞船上的光线如同跳舞一样开始不断闪烁。
Hearing Remu's response, the call suddenly came alive, and it reacted very distinctly—the light on the ship began to flicker like a dance.
王叶看着这些闪烁的光线，心中自然而然把它们变成节奏，变成乐谱，随后还跟着哼了出来。
Wang Ye looked at these flickering lights, and naturally turned them into rhythms and musical scores in his heart, and then hummed them out.
可惜这里的空间和太空差不多，声音无法传递。 It's a pity that the space here is about the same as space, and the sound can't be transmitted.
但王叶在脑中哼出了曲调，还传给了雷木。 But Wang Ye hummed the tune in his head and passed it on to Lei Mu.
雷木听着熟悉的曲调，曾经被他遗忘的画面再次出现。 Reimu listened to the familiar tune, and the images that he had forgotten reappeared.
他看着那跳跃的光线，就像是知道要从哪里走一样，从原本跟在王叶身后，变成了领路人。
He looked at the jumping light, as if he knew where to go, from following Wang Ye to leading the way.
“木木！”王叶正要让雷木慢一点。 "Mumu!" Wang Ye was about to ask Lei Mu to slow down.
就见前方光线一闪，雷木竟然消失了。 I saw a flash of light in front of me, and Lei Mu disappeared.
王叶：“……” Wang Ye: "......"
还好雷木和他之间的精神联系没有断。 Fortunately, the spiritual connection between Remu and him has not been broken.
“别怕，我在跟默林说明你们的身份。”雷木的语调十分轻松，那是一种孩子遇到疼爱自己的长辈时的轻松，就好像雷木回到这艘宇宙飞船中，就像回到了真正的家，而那个默林才是他真正的家人。
"Don't be afraid, I'm telling Merlin who you are." Remu's tone was very relaxed, it was the kind of ease that a child would have when he met an elder who loved him, as if Reimu had returned to this spaceship, it was like returning to his real home, and that Merlin was his real family.
王叶心中生出了浓浓的妒忌。 Wang Ye felt a strong jealousy in his heart.
这个默林和这艘宇宙飞船在跟他抢他的木木！ This Merlin and this spaceship are fighting him for his wood!
不过他心中又为雷木高兴，高兴他小时候还是有真正心疼他的人，也许那就不是人？
But he was happy for Lei Mu in his heart, happy that he still had someone who really felt sorry for him when he was a child, maybe that wasn't a person?
王叶就觉得他之前感应到的特殊能量在他身上一晃而过。
他换了一个地方，应该是直接进入了飞船内部。
但在别人眼中，就看到雷木和王叶一个接一个突然消失。
紧接着就是虫老几个。
假欧内斯特等人惊骇，都在互相询问是迅速退远一点，还是继续靠近。
Fake Ernest and the others were horrified, and they were asking each other whether to quickly retreat away or continue to get closer.
假欧内斯特一咬牙：“他们不是说让我们听他们指挥吗？他们没要我们退，那我们就也不退。”
Fake Ernest gritted his teeth: "Didn't they say let us listen to their commands?" If they didn't ask us to quit, then we won't quit either. ”
最重要的是，王叶和雷木等人消失的时候，没有半点挣扎，也没有给他们任何提醒。
The most important thing is that when Wang Ye, Lei Mu and the others disappeared, they didn't struggle at all, and they didn't give them any reminder.
如果只是两个小孩子消失，那没什么，可黄花树人和虫老等人也没有半点反应地跟着不见，要说这里面没有鬼那就怪了。
If it's just two children disappearing, it's nothing, but the Yellow Flower Tree Man and the Worm Elder and the others didn't react and disappeared, it would be strange to say that there were no ghosts here.
假欧内斯特决定赌一把。当然，他愿意赌，也是因为他自认有自保的能力。
Fake Ernest decided to take a gamble. Of course, he is willing to gamble because he thinks he has the ability to protect himself.
于是列车中的众人就看到出去探索的三十个大佬一个接一个消失。
So everyone in the train saw the thirty bigwigs who had gone out to explore disappear one after another.
单天行原本还不满王叶把他丢下来，现在看到三十人都消失在那由光芒组成的庞然巨物身体上，又不由暗中庆幸，虽然不明白那三十人发生了什么情况，但少年还有些自知之明，知道自己过去九成九应付不来。
Shan Tianxing was originally dissatisfied with Wang Ye for throwing him down, but now he saw that the thirty people had disappeared into the body of the behemoth composed of light, and he couldn't help but secretly rejoice, although he didn't understand what happened to the thirty people, but the young man was still a little self-aware, knowing that he couldn't cope with it in the past.
车中其他人议论纷纷，有人心痒难熬，也想出去接近光兽看看，有人却恨不得车长操纵车辆再离远一些。
The other people in the car were talking, some people were itching, and they also wanted to go out to get close to the light beast to see, but some people wanted the commander to control the vehicle farther away.
“再等等看，先不要急。心急吃不得热锅粥。”有圣级大佬发话了：“当然，如果谁等不及，那就自己去探索，也许就有莫大机缘在前面等着你呢。”
"Wait and see, don't rush yet. I can't eat hot pot porridge in a hurry. A saint-level boss spoke: "Of course, if anyone can't wait, then explore it by themselves, maybe there is a great opportunity waiting for you in front of you." ”
大佬那满满的讽刺口吻，让一些蠢蠢欲动的人又按捺下性子，决定再等等看。
The big guy's full of sarcasm made some people who were about to move to hold their temperament again and decide to wait and see.
王叶以为自己进入了飞船内部，因为他看到了类似石壁一样的通道。
Wang Ye thought he had entered the interior of the spaceship, because he saw a passage like a stone wall.
但往前走了一段后，他就开始怀疑起来。 But after walking a little further, he began to become suspicious.
因为这段通道中竟然出现了壁画。 Because there are murals in this passage.
但壁画内容和塔塔拉族似乎无关，而是一个人类率领一众人类打猎生活的场景。
However, the content of the mural does not seem to have anything to do with the Tatara people, but rather a scene of a human leading a group of humans to hunt.
王叶忍不住和雷木精神联系：“我现在是在这艘飞船的内部吗？”
Wang Ye couldn't help but contact Lei Mu's spirit: "Am I inside this spaceship now?" ”
雷木过了一会儿才回答他：“你现在看到了什么？” Reimu replied after a while, "What do you see now?" ”
王叶：“石壁以及壁画。” Wang Ye: "Stone walls and murals. ”
雷木笑：“你进入了我们家的墓地。” Lei Mu smiled: "You entered our family's cemetery. ”
王叶脑中打出一堆问号。 Wang Ye typed a bunch of question marks in his head.
雷木却卖了一个关子：“这是默林在跟你解释，你往前走，仔细看壁画，你会明白的。”
Lei Mu sold a pass: "This is Merlin explaining to you, you go forward, look carefully at the mural, you will understand." ”
“你见到默林了？”王叶不想放过雷木，硬拉着他聊天。
"Did you see Merlin?" Wang Ye didn't want to let go of Lei Mu, so he pulled him to chat.
雷木透着愉快道：“嗯，见到它了。” Lei Mu said happily: "Well, I saw it." ”
“你跟他提到我了？” "You mentioned me to him?"
“是啊，我一见到它就跟它说你的事，我对它说你是我弟弟，它对你很感兴趣。”
"Yes, as soon as I saw it, I told it about you, and I told it that you are my brother, and it is very interested in you."
“其他人呢？” "What about the others?"
“他们也都在各自探险，你可以理解为默林为他们创造了一些逼真的幻境。”
"They're all on their own adventures, and you can understand that Merlin has created some realistic illusions for them."
“那里可是有不少圣级，如果他们同时出手攻击飞船，那个默林和飞船能扛下来？”
"There are quite a few saint-level people there, if they attack the spaceship at the same time, that Merlin and the spaceship can carry it down?"
“没事，默林说飞船可以吸收能量，它很欢迎那些人攻击飞船，这样可以帮它囤积更多能量。”
"It's okay, Merlin said that the ship can absorb energy, and that it welcomes those people to attack the ship so that it can store more energy."
“你帮我问问那个默林，问它和飞船是不是和塔塔拉族有关。”王叶想要掌握主动。
"You help me ask that Merlin if it's related to the Tatara clan and the ship." Wang Ye wants to take the initiative.
雷木没有立刻回复，大概是和那个默林交谈去了。 Remu didn't reply immediately, probably talking to that Merlin.
过了好一会儿，雷木才和王叶联系：“默林说它现在不会回答你的任何问题，它想看看你的表现。”
After a long while, Lei Mu contacted Wang Ye: "Merlin said that it will not answer any of your questions now, and it wants to see how you are doing. ”
“我的表现？”王叶不爽。 "My performance?" Wang Ye was unhappy.
雷木笑：“别担心，默林很喜欢小孩子，我跟它夸你，让它对你很好奇，它大概想考考你。毕竟以前的我，可是很愚笨，它教我的很多知识，我都无法理解。”
Lei Mu smiled: "Don't worry, Merlin likes children very much, I will praise you to it, make it curious about you, it probably wants to test you." After all, I used to be very stupid, and I couldn't understand a lot of what it taught me. ”
雷木一顿，叹息：“怪不得我的基础知识不差，我一直都想不起来是谁教的我。后来我记忆模糊下还以为是撒尔曼大帝教的我，可那位大帝哪有那个耐心。不过默林教我的很多知识，和双月星上的常见知识都不太一样，以至于我没有使用的机会。”
Lei Mu was stunned and sighed: "No wonder my basic knowledge is not bad, I can't remember who taught me." Later, I thought that I was taught by Sahrman the Great, but how could that emperor have that patience. However, much of what Merlin taught me was not quite the same as what is common on the Twin Moons, so I didn't have a chance to use it. ”
雷木又笑道：“现在想想，我会看到你家乡那边的科技丝毫不惊讶，会对炼金感兴趣不是没有根由的。我小时候就接触过很多，可惜……当我离开墓地时，默林怕我被人控制，说出飞船和它的相关事情，就封锁了我的记忆。”
Lei Mu smiled again: "Now that I think about it, I will not be surprised to see the technology in your hometown, and it is not without reason that you will be interested in alchemy." I was exposed to a lot of it when I was a child, but alas...... When I left the cemetery, Merlin was afraid that I would be controlled and told me about the ship and it, so my memory was blocked. ”
“你现在都想起来了？” "You remember it all now?"
“嗯，都想起来了。从七岁到十五岁，我其实有个还算愉快的童年和少年时期。”
"Well, I remembered. From the age of seven to fifteen, I actually had a fairly happy childhood and adolescence. ”
王叶看不到现在的雷木是什么样，但他能想象出雷木此刻的表情。
Wang Ye couldn't see what Lei Mu looked like now, but he could imagine Lei Mu's expression at the moment.
“对了，默林说它要给我做个详细检查。它说我的身体中有不少隐患，它以前尽量帮我调整过，可还是有不少问题留下，它一直没有找到合适的解决方法。但这次我回来，它发现我的身体隐患已经大大减少，身体也有了很大改变，它很高兴，但它还是需要帮我做检查确定情况，也让我能更了解我的身体。这段时间你可能会联系不上我，不要担心。”雷木交代。
"By the way, Merlin said it was going to give me a detailed check. It said that there are a lot of hidden dangers in my body, and it has tried to help me adjust it before, but there are still many problems left, and it has not found a suitable solution. But this time I came back, it found that my body has greatly reduced the hidden dangers and my body has changed a lot, it is very happy, but it still needs to help me do a check-up to determine the situation, and also let me know more about my body. You may not be able to reach me during this time, don't worry. Lei Mu confessed.
王叶听了这话就不太放心，但此刻他和雷木都在人家的地盘上，而且他们俩的实力貌似和那位和整艘飞船都相差很大，他就是不想让雷木给那个默林做检查也不可能。
Wang Ye was not very relieved when he heard this, but at this moment, he and Lei Mu were on other people's territory, and the strength of the two of them seemed to be very different from that one and the entire spaceship, so it was impossible for him to let Lei Mu inspect that Merlin.
而且雷木显然信任那个默林。 And Raymu clearly trusted that Merlin.
“如果发现不对，一定要赶紧来找我，进虫巢。” "If you find something wrong, you must come to me quickly and enter the hive."
“我知道。放心，默林不会伤害我。” "I know. Rest assured, Merlin won't hurt me. ”
王叶哼唧，就是你让我放心，我才不放心！ Wang Ye hummed, it's you who reassure me, I'm not at ease!
雷木又笑道：“默林说，它会把那些冒险者交给你处理。”
Remu smiled again, "Merlin said that it will leave those adventurers to you to deal with. ”
“哼。” "Hmph."
“别哼唧了，去探险吧，你不想了解撒家墓地和这艘宇宙飞船的关系吗？乖，真的不用担心我，也不用担心师父们，我去做检查了，一会儿见。”
"Stop humming, go on an adventure, don't you want to know about the relationship between the Sajia Graveyard and this spaceship? Well, don't really worry about me, don't worry about the masters, I'll go for a check-up, see you later. ”
王叶见不是真的联系不上雷木，他能感觉到雷木只是进入了深层睡眠状态，这才分出大半心神在自己周围的环境上。
Wang Ye saw that he really couldn't contact Lei Mu, he could feel that Lei Mu had just entered a deep sleep, and only then did he depart most of his attention to his surroundings.
如果不是之前看到了那艘由光网构成的宇宙飞船，王叶一定以为他这次进入的地方就是一个大型地下墓地。
If it weren't for the spaceship he had seen before, Wang Ye would have thought that the place he had entered this time was a large underground graveyard.
这是幻觉？ Is this an illusion?
王叶抚摸墙壁和壁画，还有墙壁上的雕刻。 Wang Ye caresses the walls and murals, as well as the carvings on the walls.
手感非常真实，并不像是幻觉。 It feels very real and doesn't feel like an illusion.
但也许这艘飞船的技术已经达到甚至超过全息的效果，让人的大脑无法分辨出真假。
But perhaps the ship's technology has reached or even surpassed the holographic effect, making it impossible for the human brain to distinguish the real from the fake.
不管是真是假，王叶只能继续往前走。 Whether it was true or not, Wang Ye could only continue to move forward.
壁画上的故事已经从单纯的打猎发展成耕种，紧接着领头人手掌中冒出寒冰，他的周围也在结霜结冰，而他的头顶上空则浮现了一轮银色的月亮，周围人对他露出了崇拜和恐惧的神情。
The story on the mural has evolved from simple hunting to farming, and then ice rises from the palms of the leader's hands, and frost freezes around him, while a silver moon appears above his head, and the people around him show a look of adoration and fear.
最后那个头顶银色月亮、手持冰剑的人登上了透明寒冰垒造的高高阶梯，坐在了寒冰制成的宽大椅子上，下方是无数跪拜他的人类。
Finally, the man with a silver moon on his head and an ice sword in his hand ascended the high staircase made of transparent ice, and sat on a wide chair made of ice, below which countless humans knelt down to him.
王叶猜测这大概就是银月帝国还是王国时，撒家第一代国王登上王位的过程。
Wang Ye guessed that this was probably the process of the first king of the Sajia ascending to the throne when the Silver Moon Empire was still a kingdom.
这位第一代国王的容貌还不错，身材也算高大，如果壁画没有进行美化的话，就是头顶那轮银月有点搞笑。
The first king's appearance was not bad, and his figure was quite tall, and if the mural was not beautified, the silver moon above his head was a bit funny.
这位第一代国王似乎活了很长时间，在他白发苍苍时，他搞了一个盛大的仪式。
The first king seems to have lived for a long time, and when his gray hair was gray, he performed a grand ceremony.
王叶有坚实的魔法阵基础，他怎么看这个盛大仪式图都像是一个魔族降临魔法阵。
Wang Ye had a solid foundation for the magic array, and no matter how he looked at this grand ritual diagram, it was like a demon descending magic array.
但不知道是仪式出错，还是其他原因，魔族没有降临，却有一只美丽至极的光兽出现在仪式地点。
But I don't know if it was a mistake in the ceremony, or other reasons, the demon clan did not come, but an extremely beautiful light beast appeared at the ceremony location.
王叶看到壁画中有许多人在跪拜那只光兽，可能以为这只无比美丽和梦幻的光兽与神灵有关。
Wang Ye saw that many people were kneeling down to worship the light beast in the mural, and he probably thought that this incomparably beautiful and dreamy light beast was related to the gods.
如果王叶能多了解一些银月帝国，比如见过该帝国的皇室徽章的话，就会发现银月帝国皇室徽章中的魔兽外形和壁画中的光兽很像。
If Wang Ye can learn more about the Silver Moon Empire, such as seeing the imperial insignia of the empire, he will find that the appearance of the demonic beast in the royal insignia of the Silver Moon Empire is very similar to the light beast in the mural.
而这只光兽与他看到的光之宇宙飞船的外形也一模一样。
And this light beast was exactly the same as the spaceship of light he saw.
王叶看到这里刚要往下继续走，就听咚的一声，一面墙壁挡住了他的去路。
Wang Ye saw that he was just about to continue walking down, when he heard a bang, and a wall blocked his way.
墙壁上有许多光点，排列成横五排竖五排，且每排都各有五个光点，但第一排中间有一个红色光点。
There are many points of light on the wall, arranged in five horizontal and vertical rows, each with five points of light, but there is a red point of light in the middle of the first row.
一道温柔的女子声音响起：“请把所有光点连接起来，但不准碰触红色光点，中间不能断线，也不能重复。”
A gentle female voice sounded: "Please connect all the points of light, but you are not allowed to touch the red points of light, and the line cannot be broken in the middle, nor can it be repeated." ”
王叶无语，这是在考验他的智商吗？ Wang Ye was speechless, was this a test of his IQ?
幸好他做过这种题，其实智商题大多都是要你不被题目束缚住，能用更活跃的思维来解决问题。
Fortunately, he has done this kind of problem, in fact, most of the IQ questions ask you not to be bound by the problem and be able to solve the problem with a more active mind.
比如这个光点连线题，人们的固定思维是一定要顺着光点画，实际上你完全可以延长线条的长度，绕过那个红色光点，再连接上其他光点。
For example, in this light point connection problem, people's fixed thinking is to draw along the light point, in fact, you can completely extend the length of the line, bypass the red light point, and then connect to other light points.
王叶很快就完成题目。 Wang Ye completed the topic quickly.
墙壁消失，壁画也接着出现。 The walls disappeared and the murals reappeared.
王叶撇撇嘴，继续往前走。 Wang Ye pursed his lips and continued to walk forward.
银月帝国……那时还是王国开始开疆拓土，扩大王国面积。
Silvermoon Empire...... At that time, the kingdom began to expand its territory and expand its area.
第一代国王到了衰竭期，他让儿子继承了他的位子，而他剩下的时间全都用在建造他的陵墓上。
When the first king reached his waning period, he allowed his son to succeed him, and he spent the rest of his time building his mausoleum.
他挖空了几座连在一起的山脉，霸道地把这一大片地全都划作王室墓园。
He hollowed out several connected mountain ranges and overbearingly designated the entire area as a royal cemetery.
除了地表的墓园，他还把地下也挖空了，弄出了一个极为巨大的空间，并开始建造宏伟的地宫。
In addition to the cemetery on the surface, he also hollowed out the ground, created an extremely large space, and began to build a magnificent underground palace.
可最后这位国王的尸体并没有被埋在这个地下陵墓中，他的尸体被装入一个透明的盒子，存放到一个散发出光芒的洞穴中？
But in the end, the king's body was not buried in this underground mausoleum, his body was packed into a transparent box and stored in a cave that emitted light?
第二面挡路的墙壁出现。 A second wall appears in the way.
上面出现一排双月星常用数，中间有一个数字被遮挡了。
A row of common numbers of double moon stars appears on it, with a number obscured in the middle.
表现出来就类似于：16、06、68、88、口、98
It behaves similarly: 16, 06, 68, 88, mouth, 98
温柔的女子声音说道：“请说出被遮挡的数字是多少？”
A gentle female voice said, "Please name what is the number that is obscured?" ”
王叶只扫了一眼就说出答案：“87。” Wang Ye only glanced at it and said the answer: "87." ”
墙壁消失。 The walls disappear.
撒家对墓地的建造并没有到此结束，第二代和第三代国王都在最后的衰竭期卸下王位，专心修建陵墓。
The construction of the cemetery did not end there, and the second and third kings stepped down from their thrones in the final period of decay to concentrate on the construction of the mausoleum.
他们的陵墓全都在家族墓园中，可他们在建造地面的陵园的同时，也在扩张地下的空间，并持续建造地宫。
Their tombs are all in the family cemetery, but while they are building the cemetery on the ground, they are also expanding the underground space and continuing to build the underground palace.
一直到第四代国王上位，他才封上了地宫入口，并派驻军队守护墓园。
It was not until the fourth king ascended the throne that he sealed the entrance to the underground palace and sent troops to guard the cemetery.
可任何王朝都不可能长长久久，当第五代国王上位，因为这位国王有点不学无术又好奢华玩乐，加上宠幸贪婪小人，这个国家开始由兴盛走向衰败。
But no dynasty can last long, when the fifth king ascended the throne, because this king is a bit uneducated and luxurious, plus pampered and greedy villains, the country began to decline from prosperity.
第六代国王继位，国内爆发大战。 The sixth king succeeded to the throne, and a great war broke out in the country.
从壁画上看来，那时整个双月星都像是在大战。 Judging from the frescoes, the entire Twin Moon Stars looked like they were in a big battle at that time.
之后，魔法列车出现在了壁画中，白鹿旗帜也出现在壁画中。
Later, the magic train appears in the mural, and the White Deer Banner also appears in the mural.
属于白鹿国的时代来临了。 The time has come for the White Deer Country.
双月星和银月王国也在此时安稳下来。 The Twin Moon Stars and the Silver Moon Kingdom also settled down at this time.
撒家的血脉没有断绝，他们依然是银月王国的王室，但他们的地盘要比以前小了很多。
The bloodline of the Sajia family has not been broken, they are still the royal family of the Silvermoon Kingdom, but their territory is much smaller than before.
撒家人为了更好的生存，也为了能夺回以前的领土，他们从王室墓地中挖出大量财宝，他们甚至还想寻找那只传说中的光兽。
In order to survive better, and to regain their former territory, the Satans dug up a lot of treasure from the royal cemetery, and they even wanted to find the legendary light beast.
也许是因为那一代撒家人的过度贪婪，也许是他们对墓地破坏太大。
Maybe it's because of the excessive greed of that generation of Sa's family, or maybe it's because they destroyed the cemetery too much.
原本宏伟庄严美丽的陵园地表建筑突然塌陷，而上层的塌陷又造成下面地宫的毁坏，终于原本辉煌的王室墓地变成了一片断壁残桓。
The original grand, solemn and beautiful cemetery surface building suddenly collapsed, and the collapse of the upper floor caused the destruction of the underground palace below, and finally the originally glorious royal cemetery became a broken wall.
就像是诅咒和惩罚一般，当时的国王突然暴毙，之后继位的国王也命不长久。
As if it were a curse and punishment, the king of the time died suddenly, and the king who succeeded him did not live long.
之后的撒家王室都开始恐惧墓地，他们把整个墓园收拾好，却不敢再进入地下宫殿，他们甚至不敢再把自己的尸体埋入地宫。自此撒家人死后只会埋在另一边的墓园中，却不会进入这个老墓地。
Later, the royal family of Sajia began to fear the cemetery, they cleaned up the entire cemetery, but they did not dare to enter the underground palace again, and they did not even dare to bury their bodies in the underground palace again. Since then, the Sasa family will only be buried in the cemetery on the other side after their death, but they will not enter the old cemetery.
逐渐的，这个老墓地变得极为荒凉，但一直都有守墓人。
Gradually, the old cemetery became extremely desolate, but there were always grave keepers.
这些守墓人基本都是撒家犯了大错的子孙，他们被单独扔到这里，日常工作就是打理这个古老的墓园，并在这里生活。
These grave keepers are basically the descendants of the Sajia who have made a big mistake, and they have been thrown here alone, and their daily work is to take care of this ancient cemetery and live here.
但他们都极为恐惧这个墓园，这里甚至有很多闹鬼的传说。
But they are all terrified of this cemetery, and there are even many haunted legends here.
壁画到此戛然而止。 The mural came to an abrupt end.
也没有第三面挡路的墙壁出现。 There was no third wall in the way.
王叶还是没弄明白撒家墓地和塔塔拉族宇宙飞船的关系。
Wang Ye still hadn't figured out the relationship between the Sajia Cemetery and the Tatara spaceship.
难不成撒家的墓地地宫也能连通能量旋风带中的风眼空间？
Could it be that the underground palace of the cemetery of the Sa family can also connect to the eye of the wind space in the energy whirlwind belt?
“想知道更多吗？那就让我们做一个交换，告诉我，你是怎么知道塔塔拉族这个名字。”温柔的女子声音改了考验方式。
"Want to know more? Then let's make an exchange and tell me how you came to know the name Tatara. The gentle woman's voice changed the way the test was conducted.
王叶偏头：“雷木没有告诉你？” Wang Ye tilted his head: "Lei Mu didn't tell you?" ”
女子声音：“他让我询问你，说你知道的更多。” Woman's voice: "He asked me to ask you and say you know better." ”
王叶猜出雷木这是在给自己创造和默林直接交流的机会，他也没浪费这个机会，说道：“你知道瘤背怪吗？”
Wang Ye guessed that Lei Mu was creating an opportunity for himself to communicate directly with Merlin, and he didn't waste this opportunity, and said, "Do you know the tumor back monster? ”
女子声音沉默片刻：“知道。” The woman's voice was silent for a moment: "Yes." ”
“我就是从他们那里得知了这个名字。我还听到一个独瘤瘤背怪说出了塔塔拉默林这个名字。”
"That's what they got to know about it. I also heard a monocular tumorback say the name Tatara Merlin. ”
女子这次沉默的时间更长：“那你怎么知道这里和塔塔拉族有关？”
The woman was silent for a longer time this time: "Then how do you know that this place is related to the Tatara tribe?" ”
王叶狡猾地道：“我已经回答了你的问题，你是不是也应该兑现承诺？”
Wang Ye said slyly: "I have answered your question, should you also fulfill your promise?" ”
通道前方忽然出现一把由光线构成的椅子。 A chair made of light suddenly appeared in front of the passage.
“这种构造是不是让你熟悉？现在，躺上去，闭上眼睛，你会看到你想要看到的。”女子声音说道。
"Does this construct sound familiar to you? Now, lie down, close your eyes, and you'll see what you want to see. The woman's voice said.
王叶没动，问：“这里是虚拟幻境？全息影像？” Wang Ye didn't move, and asked, "This is a virtual illusion?" Holograms? ”
女子声音似乎在理解王叶口中的全息和虚拟是什么意思，过了一会儿，她似乎得到了答案，语音中透出笑意：“雷木说你是个聪明孩子，你果然很聪明。而且……你不是双月星人？”
The woman's voice seemed to understand what Wang Ye's mouth meant by holographic and virtual, and after a while, she seemed to get the answer, and a smile appeared in her voice: "Lei Mu said that you are a smart child, and you are really smart." And...... You're not a Twin Moon Star? ”
王叶相信雷木绝不会跟默林透露那么多，雷木就算相信默林，也不会在没有经过他同意的情况下就说出他的底细，所以王叶十分稳当地回答：“不，我是双月星人，不过我的家乡是一个刚刚开通的秘境，我们在那里发展出了与双月星不太相同的文明，我们称之为科技文明。”
Wang Ye believed that Lei Mu would never reveal so much to Merlin, and even if Lei Mu believed Merlin, he would not tell his details without his consent, so Wang Ye replied very steadily: "No, I am a native of the Twin Moon Star, but my hometown is a secret realm that has just opened, and we have developed a civilization there that is not quite the same as the Twin Moon Star, which we call the technological civilization." ”
“科技文明，啊，真是让人怀念又熟悉的词语。能告诉我你的家乡在哪里吗？”女子看王叶没有上当，轻笑。
"Technological civilization, ah, what a nostalgic and familiar word. Can you tell me where your hometown is? The woman saw that Wang Ye was not fooled and chuckled.
“蓝星群岛。”王叶见游戏系统没有任何反应，就直接回答了。
"Blue Star Islands." Wang Ye saw that there was no response from the game system, so he answered directly.
女子记住了这个名字，笑道：“你叫王叶对吗，你可以称呼我默林。”
The woman remembered the name and said with a smile: "Your name is Wang Ye, right, you can call me Merlin." ”
王叶好奇：“默林是什么意思？是单指一个名字吗？” Wang Ye was curious: "What does Merlin mean?" Is it just one name? ”
女子不知出于什么想法，回答道：“默林在塔塔拉族语言中是革命者的意思。”
The woman replied, "Merlin means revolutionary in the Tatara language. ”
王叶顺势问道：“塔塔拉族发生了什么事情，为什么你们会变成瘤背怪？”
Wang Ye took the opportunity to ask, "What happened to the Tatara tribe, and why did you become a tumor-backed monster?" ”
“你知道？！”女子声音似乎很震惊。 "You know?!" The woman's voice seemed shocked.
“你先告诉我，银月王国和他们的家族墓地，和你和飞船的关系，还有雷木，你是怎么看待雷木的？你直接说出答案，别让我花时间去看一大堆过去的影像记录。”
女子失笑道：“你可真没什么耐心，其实你自己去看，要比我解说要能了解得更清楚更全面。不过，好吧，我可以直接告诉你。”
The woman laughed and said, "You really don't have much patience, in fact, you can see it yourself, and you can understand it more clearly and comprehensively than I explained." Well, though, I can tell you straight away. ”
“当年银月王国的第一代国王渴望青春和力量，他和魔鬼做了一个交易，但恰好那时我们也来到双月星附近，距离双月星并不远，我们感知到了这股能量，而那时我们正好遇到一点麻烦，我们需要快速脱离，于是我们抢了那个能量通道，来到了双月星上。”
"Back then, the first king of the Silvermoon Kingdom longed for youth and strength, and he made a deal with the devil, but it happened that we also came to the vicinity of the Twin Moon Stars at that time, not far from the Twin Moon Stars, and we sensed this energy, and at that time we happened to be in a little trouble, and we needed to get out quickly, so we grabbed that energy channel and came to the Twin Moon Stars."
“但因为双月星拥有一层保护罩，我们无法整体进来，甚至无法让实体进来，就只有我进来了，化成了一只你们口中的光兽。”
“我和那位国王做了一个约定，我会帮他延长他的寿命，而他会按照我的吩咐，为我提供材料和隐秘地点。”
"I made a pact with the king that I would help him extend his life, and that he would provide me with materials and a secret location as I commanded."
“我原本想要在那个地宫中建造实验室，想办法打破双月星的保护罩封锁，让飞船实体进入双月星。但有人出现警告了我。他们和我约定，会在双月星的外面给我们创建一个隐藏空间。我们只要不进入双月星，随时都能离开。”
“我想保存塔塔拉族的有生力量，也不想得罪双月星的顶尖强者，谁也不想腹背受敌，就同意了那几位强者的要求。最后在那几位强者的帮助下，我只修建了一个和魔法无关的传送阵。这个传送阵的目的，就是为了一旦我遇到致命危险，可以及时脱离危险，带着塔塔拉族最后的希望进入双月星避难。”
"I wanted to preserve the living power of the Tatara clan, and I didn't want to offend the top powerhouses of the Twin Moon Stars, and no one wanted to be attacked on their backs, so I agreed to the request of those powerhouses. In the end, with the help of those powerhouses, I only built a teleportation array that had nothing to do with magic. The purpose of this teleportation array is to get out of danger in time once I encounter mortal danger, and take refuge in the Twin Moon Stars with the last hope of the Tatara clan. ”
王叶了然：“你通过这个传送阵，带雷木到飞船里玩耍了？”
Wang Ye was clear: "You passed through this teleportation array and took Lei Mu to play in the spaceship?" ”
默林温柔地道：“那是一个奇特的生命，他是一个奇迹，我在他身上看到了拯救塔塔拉族的希望。而且他那时还是一个小孩子，他饥饿、瘦小、还在生病，可没有任何人照顾他。那些人很残忍，他们把他扔进了地宫，还把地宫口给封住了，他们想要杀死他。地宫里没有食物，我只能带他进入飞船，在船上给他合成食物，并给他治病。”
Merlin said softly, "It was a strange life, he was a miracle, and I saw in him hope for the salvation of the Tataras. And he was a little kid, hungry, thin, sick, and there was no one to take care of him. Those people were cruel, they threw him into the dungeon, and they sealed the entrance to the dungeon, and they wanted to kill him. There is no food in the dungeon, so I can only take him into the ship, synthesize food for him on the ship, and treat him. ”
王叶双拳紧握，眼中恨意迸发。 Wang Ye clenched his fists, and hatred burst out in his eyes.
默林又道：“这次雷木回来，他的身体隐患消失很多，他说和你有关，而你还知道塔塔拉族，知道我族和瘤背怪的关系。我真的很想和你好好谈一谈。”
Merlin said again: "This time Lei Mu came back, his physical hidden dangers disappeared a lot, he said that it has something to do with you, and you also know the Tatara clan, and you know the relationship between our clan and the tumorback monsters." I really want to have a good talk with you. ”
可能是为了表示自己的无害和站在双月星这边的立场，默林特别表明道：“我们塔塔拉族天性友善、团结、侵略性不强，我们整个星球只有一个智慧种族，我们只有一位王，一个国家。我们来到双月星是想借住，并不想侵略。也不想把灾难带到双月星上。”
Probably to show his harmlessness and stand on the side of the Twin Moons, Merlin made it clear: "We Tatara people are friendly, united, and not aggressive by nature, and we have only one intelligent race on the entire planet, and we have only one king and one country. We came to the Twin Moon Stars to borrow, not to invade. I don't want to bring disaster to the double moon star. ”
“其实双月星人能发现瘤背怪到来，也是我提醒了你们，你们这才能及时开辟裂隙战场，挡住了瘤背怪的侵略之路。”
"In fact, the people of the Twin Moon Star can find out about the arrival of the Tumor Back Monster, and I also reminded you that you can open up the rift battlefield in time and block the path of the Tumor Back Monster's invasion."
王叶呵呵，他从不相信世上有美好的童话故事，而且大多数童话故事的结局其实都不是那么美好，过程更十分残忍。
Wang Yehe, he never believed that there were beautiful fairy tales in the world, and the ending of most fairy tales was actually not so good, and the process was even more cruel.
塔塔拉族也许是一个天性祥和的种族，但说他们没有侵略心？那显然不可能。
The Tataras may be a peaceful race by nature, but to say that they are not aggressive? That's obviously impossible.
只不过侵略方法分文明和不文明两种。 However, there are two types of methods of aggression: civilized and uncivilized.
文化、经济、科技的侵袭也是一种侵袭。 The invasion of culture, economy, and science and technology is also an invasion.
所谓的合作共赢其实也是一种侵略，只不过因为利益关系，被侵略的一方能感到实际好处，宁可接受侵略和改变。
The so-called win-win cooperation is actually a kind of aggression, but because of the relationship of interests, the invaded party can feel the actual benefits, and would rather accept aggression and change.
最残忍的侵略当然就是抹杀原有的土著和文明，直接强占。
The most brutal aggression is, of course, to wipe out the original indigenous people and civilizations and to directly occupy them.
如果双月星没有顶尖强者，星球没有保护罩，那么今天塔塔族说不定已经成为双月星新的统治者，统领双月星原土著们快乐美好的生活。
If the Twin Moon Stars did not have a top powerhouse and the planet did not have a protective shield, then the Tata might have become the new rulers of the Twin Moon Stars today, leading the happy and beautiful life of the original natives of the Twin Moon Stars.
嗯，双月星人说不定确实能生活得更好。 Well, the Twin Moon Stars might indeed be able to live better.
但双月星原本的魔法发展路线，也会变成魔法和科技结合，甚至魔法会直接被摒弃，成为科技和异能者的世界。
However, the original magic development route of the Twin Moon Star will also become a combination of magic and technology, and even magic will be directly abandoned and become a world of technology and abilities.
不过双月星本身就是一个能包容万物的星球，如果塔塔拉族和双月星各族单一实力相等，也许双月星也会接受这个种族。比如外来的精灵族。
However, the Twin Moon Star itself is a planet that can accommodate all things, and if the Tatara and the Twin Moon Star races are equal in strength, maybe the Twin Moon Stars will also accept this race. For example, the alien elves.
可塔塔拉族的整体实力显然要超过双月星的单一种族力量，需要集合双月星整体的顶尖强者才能对抗，而且在双月星上开战，就算战胜也必然会让双月星付出极大代价。
But the overall strength of the Tatara clan is obviously more than the strength of the single race of the Double Moon Star, and it takes the top powerhouse of the Double Moon Star as a whole to fight against it, and if you start a war on the Double Moon Star, even if you win, it will inevitably make the Double Moon Star pay a great price.
所以双月星的顶尖强者才会拒绝了塔塔拉族的借住。 That's why the top powerhouse of the Twin Moon Stars refused the Tatara clan's loan.
这些都是王叶的推测，但他相信真实情况与他的推测应该相差不远。
These were Wang Ye's speculations, but he believed that the real situation should not be far from his speculations.
默林听到了王叶那带有一点讽刺的呵呵笑声，她想她也许不该把这个小幼崽当一般的小孩来看。
Merlin heard Wang Ye's slightly sarcastic laugh, and she thought that maybe she shouldn't treat this little cub as an ordinary child.
雷木已经告诉过它，这个孩子非同一般的聪明。 Remu had already told it that this kid was extraordinarily smart.
可它还是小看了这个孩子。 But it still underestimated the child.
“好吧，我还和你们的顶尖强者做了一个约定，他们帮我们抢夺回塔塔拉浮岛，而我们则帮他们牵制和镇压魔族入侵。”
"Well, I also made a pact with your top powerhouses, they will help us recapture Tatara Floating Island, and we will help them contain and suppress the demon invasion."
王叶猛地抬起头，“第二关和魔族有关？” Wang Ye raised his head suddenly, "The second level has something to do with the demon clan?" ”
默林笑道：“你真是一个聪明且反应敏捷的孩子。” Merlin laughed, "You're such a smart and responsive kid. ”
默林一顿：“我想我不必再考验你，现在就让我们再做一个交易。如果你帮助我，想出让我塔塔拉族脱离那些卑鄙的寄生者的方法，只要有一点可能，我就可以帮助你，让你顺利进入第二关，学习魔族的知识。你帮助我越多，我给予你的也可以越多。”
Merlin paused: "I don't think I have to test you again, let's make another deal now." If you help me and come up with a way to free my Tatara from those vile parasites, as long as there is one possibility, I can help you and let you smoothly enter the second level and learn the knowledge of the demons. The more you help me, the more I can give you. ”
第291章 一起去 Chapter 291: Let's Go Together
“我怎么知道你不是那些卑劣的寄生者弄出的阴谋，你有什么方法证明你是站在塔塔拉族一边，又是真的心怀善意。另外，这种事你不觉得找我一个小孩子谈，有点不靠谱吗？请把我几位师父和长辈们找过来，让他们做决定吧。”
"How do I know that you are not a conspiracy of those vile parasites, and how do you have any way to prove that you are on the side of the Tataras and that you really have good intentions. In addition, don't you think it's a bit unreliable to talk to me about this kind of thing as a child? Please bring a few of my masters and elders over and let them make a decision. ”
王叶一副他不管事的模样，无论默林怎么说，他都表示他就是个小孩子，凡事等见了他师父们和雷木再说。
Wang Ye looked like he didn't care about anything, no matter what Merlin said, he said that he was just a child, and everything would wait until he met his masters and Lei Mu.
默林只觉得这个小孩滑头无比，但也因此让它更认为王叶掌握了某个可以帮助塔塔拉族的关键。
Merlin only thought that the kid was slippery, but it also made him think that Wang Ye had a key to help the Tatara clan.
“你往这边来。”新的通道出现。 "You come this way." New channels appear.
原来的石壁和草坪连接，连接转换的竟然毫无缝隙。 The original stone wall and lawn are connected, and there is no gap in the connection and conversion.
王叶一脚踏上草坪地，就好像从阴暗的墓地地宫出来，一下就来到了阳光灿烂鲜花满地的野外。
As soon as Wang Ye stepped on the lawn, it was as if he had come out of the gloomy cemetery and underground palace, and suddenly came to the sunny and flowery wilderness.
“就不能让我看到真实吗？”王叶扬声道。 "Can't you let me see the truth?" Wang Ye raised his voice.
默林无奈的声音传来：“你看到的就是真实。” Merlin's helpless voice came: "What you see is the truth." ”
默林随即就充满骄傲地说道：“不要用你对普通飞行器的概念来理解这艘飞船。这艘飞船是塔塔拉族的最高智慧结晶，它不仅是飞行器和战斗武器，它也是塔塔拉族的生活场所，你可以把这里设想为一个真实的国家。”
Merlin then said proudly, "Don't use your concept of a normal flying machine to understand this ship. This ship is the crystallization of the highest wisdom of the Tatara people, it is not only a flying machine and a combat weapon, it is also the place where the Tatara people live, and you can imagine this place as a real country. ”
王叶抚摸地面：“是空间技术对吗？另外这艘飞船的智脑是不是可以自动收集资源并自动吸收新的知识，来给自己升级。”
Wang Ye touched the ground: "It's space technology, right?" In addition, the intelligent brain of this spaceship can automatically collect resources and automatically absorb new knowledge to upgrade itself. ”
“智脑？看来你们蓝星群岛的文明发展和双月星真的很不一样。”默林也在随时找寻王叶的漏洞。
"Brain? It seems that the development of civilization in your Blue Star Islands is really different from that of the Twin Moon Stars. Merlin is also looking for Wang Ye's loopholes at any time.
王叶敢说就不怕默林知道，他甚至直接询问：“你就是这艘飞船的人工智能大脑，对吗？”
Wang Ye dared to say that he was not afraid that Merlin would know, and he even asked directly: "You are the artificial intelligence brain of this spaceship, right?" ”
默林竟然笑起来：“人工智能大脑，这个说法很有意思，虽然我不是人工制造物，但我能理解你的意思，是的，我就是你口中的智脑，也是这艘船的船长。”
Merlin actually laughed: "Artificial intelligence brain, this statement is very interesting, although I am not artificial, but I can understand what you mean, yes, I am the brain in your mouth, and I am also the captain of this ship." ”
王叶听默林这么说，脑中闪过塔塔拉族的大脑构成，当即问道：“你是活的塔塔拉族的大脑？你已经脱离肉身，进入了电子……我是说进入了另一种能量世界，就是这种类似于光的能量？”
When Wang Ye heard Merlin say this, the brain composition of the Tatara tribe flashed in his mind, and he immediately asked, "Are you the brain of the living Tatara tribe?" You have left the physical body and entered the electronic ...... I mean into another world of energy, this kind of light-like energy? ”
“你可真是一个聪明又好奇的孩子。看来你对我族的知识很好奇，如果你愿意，我可以为你敞开我族的基础教育知识，你愿意看看吗？”
"You're such a smart and curious kid. It seems that you are very curious about the knowledge of our race, if you want, I can open up the basic education knowledge of our race for you, would you like to take a look? ”
“当然。”王叶又问：“你不介意吗？” "Of course." Wang Ye asked again: "Don't you mind?" ”
默林笑：“介意什么？介意你学习我们的知识？不，我当然不介意，我说过塔塔拉族从来不是一个自私小气的种族，而且我们认为知识的传承也是文明的传承，更是塔塔拉族延续的象征。有时候种族的存在不止在于肉体，更在于文化和技术。而且只有良性竞争才能让知识和技术进一步发展，塔塔拉族并不想固步自封。”
Merlin smiled: "Mind what?" Mind if you learn from us? No, of course I don't mind, I said that the Tataras have never been a selfish and petty race, and we believe that the transmission of knowledge is also the inheritance of civilization, and it is a symbol of the continuation of the Tatara people. Sometimes the existence of race is not only physical, but also cultural and technological. And only healthy competition can lead to the further development of knowledge and technology, and the Tataras do not want to rest on their laurels. ”
“包括你们最高深、最前端的知识？” "Including your deepest, most cutting-edge knowledge?"
“会有个时间延迟，这是所有种族都会有的自保手段，但如果真的有外人能获得塔塔拉族的信任，并对塔塔拉族有所贡献，那么我们的一切知识都会对他敞开。”
"There will be a time delay, which is a means of self-preservation that all races have, but if there is an outsider who can gain the trust of the Tatara and contribute to the Tatara, then all our knowledge will be open to him."
王叶不知道默林说的是真是假，如果是真的，那么这个塔塔拉族真的是一个包容兼并且十分友善和开明的种族。
Wang Ye didn't know if what Merlin said was true or not, if it was true, then this Tatara tribe was really a tolerant and very friendly and enlightened race.
但也许就是这份友善和开明，也才会让他们落到这步田地？
But maybe it's this friendliness and open-mindedness that has brought them to this point?
“你们也是这样迎进那些寄生者的吗？” "Is that how you welcome the parasites?"
“你想知道那段历史？” "You want to know that history?"
“是的，我想知道如此优秀并科技超群的塔塔拉族为什么会流亡到这里，又是怎么被那些寄生者控制，知道这些，至少可以让我们双月星不犯同样的错误。”
"Yes, I wonder why such a good and technologically advanced Tatara came into exile here, and how they were controlled by those parasites, knowing this can at least keep us from making the same mistake as the Twin Moonstars."
王叶以为默林会生气，结果默林只平和地道：“我会把这段历史加入你的基础知识学习中。”
Wang Ye thought that Merlin would be angry, but Merlin only said calmly: "I will add this history to your basic learning." ”
王叶在草地上走没多久，就看到了一群人陡然出现在自己面前。
Not long after Wang Ye walked on the grass, he saw a group of people suddenly appear in front of him.
正是他要求见到的虫老、兰道、黄花树人、翡爵四人。 It was the four people he asked to see, such as the worm elder, Lan Dao, the yellow flower tree man, and the Fei Jue.
巨人白宁和兽人鹰长空，因为王叶对他们不熟，虽然虫老和因果卷都证明这两人值得信任，但王叶这次还是没有叫上他们一起，如果师父们认为有必要加上他们，再请默林把人转移过来也来得及。
The giant Bai Ning and the orc eagle Changkong, because Wang Ye was not familiar with them, although the worm elder and the cause and effect scroll proved that these two people were trustworthy, but Wang Ye still did not call them together this time, if the masters thought it was necessary to add them, it would be too late to ask Merlin to transfer people over.
虫老等人看到王叶，挑挑眉。 When the insect elder and the others saw Wang Ye, they raised their eyebrows.
王叶跑上前，把事情经过简单一说，然后就把包袱甩了出去。
Wang Ye ran forward, briefly explained the matter, and then threw off the burden.
虫老一把揪住王叶的衣领，也不管默林是不是在看，直接布置了一个结界，还小心到用精神传音：“你那个塔塔拉族研究得怎么样了？”
The insect elder grabbed Wang Ye's collar, and regardless of whether Merlin was watching or not, he directly arranged an enchantment, and was careful enough to use the spirit to transmit: "How is your Tatara research doing?" ”
王叶笑嘻嘻道：“这事不能问我，得问疯药王。这段时间都是他和那个塔塔拉族待在一起。”
Wang Ye smiled and said, "You can't ask me about this, you have to ask the mad medicine king." All this time he stayed with the Tatara tribe. ”
虫老敲敲王叶的脑门，“少跟我嬉皮笑脸。疯药王的身体不方便实际操作，我知道很多事都是你在做。你给我一个准话，你是不是真的能救回被寄生的塔塔拉族。”
The insect elder knocked on Wang Ye's brain, "Don't talk to me with a hippie smile." The body of the mad medicine king is not convenient for actual operation, and I know that you are doing a lot of things. You give me a word of approval, can you really save the parasitic Tataras? ”
虫老和兰道已经都知道瘤背怪其实就是被改造的塔塔拉族的事情，但他们两人刚升级完没多久，虫老虽然对那个活的瘤背怪很感兴趣，但看疯药王在忙活，就没有插手研究。
Worm Elder and Landau already knew that the Tumbleback Monster was actually the matter of the transformed Tatara Clan, but not long after the two of them had just finished upgrading, although Worm Elder was very interested in the living Tumorback Monster, but seeing that the Mad Medicine King was busy with his work, he didn't intervene in the research.
王叶眨眨眼：“我需要对塔塔拉族的身体构造更了解，尤其是他们的大脑。”
Wang Ye blinked: "I need to know more about the body structure of the Tatara people, especially their brains. ”
“你觉得这个默林会同意？” "Do you think this Merlin will agree?"
“那就要看你们和他怎么谈了。”王叶又把默林和他的交易说出。
"Then it's up to you to talk to him." Wang Ye told Merlin and his deal again.
虫老听说第二关和魔族有关，不由眼眸收缩：“和魔族有关的基本都没什么好事，你真的要去闯？”
When the worm heard that the second level was related to the demons, he couldn't help but shrink his eyes: "It's basically nothing good to have anything to do with the demons, do you really want to break through?" ”
王叶正经脸道：“双月星的魔法知识就来源于魔族，这个传说不会有错对吧？”
Wang Ye said with a serious face: "The magic knowledge of the Double Moon Star comes from the demon race, this legend can't be wrong, right?" ”
虫老沉默，这个传说是所有双月星人都认可的说法，作假的可能性极低。毕竟没有人愿意承认自家的知识根基竟然来源于其他种族，而且是一个极为危险的种族。
The worm is silent, this legend is a statement recognized by all the people of the Twin Moon Stars, and the possibility of falsification is extremely low. After all, no one wants to admit that their knowledge is based on another race, and it is an extremely dangerous race.
如果双月星的魔法知识真的和魔族无关，那双月星一代又一代的超凡者们早就找出各种证据来举证。
If the magical knowledge of the Twin Moon Stars really had nothing to do with the Demon Race, then the generations of Twin Moon Stars would have already found all kinds of evidence to prove.
可事实上，大家找出的证据越多，越能证明他们的魔法知识就是脱胎于魔族。
But in fact, the more evidence everyone finds, the more they can prove that their magical knowledge is born from the demons.
王叶见虫老默认，又道：“虽然双月星现在的魔法知识已经有了自己的特色，并且努力想要和魔族不一样，但不管怎么变，根子还是那样。”
Wang Ye saw that the insect always acquiesced, and said: "Although Shuangyue Xing's current magic knowledge has its own characteristics, and it tries to be different from the demon race, no matter how it changes, the root is still like that." ”
“有时我会想，我们双月星人踏入十一级的道路为什么会这么困难？到底是因为这个世界的限制，比如双月星能容纳的能量上限就是十一级不到。还是说我们学习的魔法知识有问题？”
"Sometimes I wonder, why is it so difficult for us Twin Moon Star people to step into the eleventh level? In the end, it is because of the limitations of this world, for example, the upper limit of the energy that the Twin Moon Star can hold is less than level eleven. Or is there something wrong with the magic we are learning? ”
虫老眼神一闪，看向这个脑子灵活的弟子。
王叶笑：“师父，您也这么想过对吧？其实有很多顶尖超凡者都有这么想过，对不对？包括那些知识之城的老怪物和长生会那些王八蛋，他们就是从魔法上找不到破绽，才会从资质上下手。因为在魔法出现以前，是有十一级出现的，比如龙族、比如树人族，只不过那些存在都离开了这个世界，去往其他世界探险。”
Wang Ye smiled: "Master, you also thought so, right? In fact, there are many top transcendents who have thought so, right? Including those old monsters in the City of Knowledge and those bastards of the Immortal Society, they just can't find a flaw in magic, so they will start with their qualifications. Because before the advent of magic, there were eleven levels, such as dragons, such as the tree people, but those beings left this world and went to other worlds to explore. ”
“而现在我有机会去魔族实际学习那边的本源魔法知识，那为什么不去？也许我能找到问题出在哪里，也许我能总结出更好的修炼方法，就算这些都做不到，了解本源知识也不是坏事，您说是不是？”
"And now that I have the opportunity to go to the Demon Clan to actually learn the knowledge of the origin magic over there, why don't I go? Maybe I can find out what the problem is, maybe I can summarize a better cultivation method, and even if I can't do it, it's not a bad thing to know the origin knowledge, don't you say? ”
虫老并没有被王叶说服，但他承认王叶说得有理，如果有可能，他也希望能去魔族走一走，但魔界？
The worm elder was not persuaded by Wang Ye, but he admitted that Wang Ye was reasonable, if it was possible, he also hoped to go to the demon clan for a walk, but the demon world?
谁知道魔界是什么样？
至今为止，都没有人说过自己去过魔界，也没有任何关于魔界的传说，只听说魔界异常危险。
So far, no one has ever said that they have been to the Demon Realm, nor have they any legends about the Demon Realm, only that the Demon Realm is extremely dangerous.
但双月星人都十分肯定一点，那就是魔族嗜吃灵魂，他们这些双月星人在魔族眼中就是一盘菜。如果他们的灵魂和实力都不够强大，进入魔界简直就跟送死一样。
“师父，你阻拦不了我。我使用魔法的机会不多，但魔法阵知识、卷轴知识、包括炼金、炼药、炼食等等，以及最基础的魔纹和魔法符号，其实都来源于魔族，我想要在这些方面有更深的造诣，想要借此突破，那么我就必须了解本源、了解魔族那边的知识发展。如果我能把两边的知识都学会，不说融会贯通，至少我能互相印证，得到新的启发。”
"Master, you can't stop me. I don't have many opportunities to use magic, but the knowledge of magic arrays, scroll knowledge, including alchemy, alchemy, food refining, etc., as well as the most basic magic patterns and magic symbols, are actually from the demons, I want to have deeper attainments in these aspects, and if I want to break through this, then I must understand the origin and understand the knowledge development of the demons. If I can learn both knowledge, let alone integrate them, at least I can corroborate each other and get new inspiration. ”
虫老开始动摇。 The worm began to waver.
王叶点到为止，很没大没小地拍拍虫老的手臂：“老头，别担心太多，你知道你徒弟我怕死，更不会带着家里老老小小一起去找死，如果有危险，我保证跑得比谁都快。”
Wang Ye nodded, and patted the old worm's arm very big or small: "Old man, don't worry too much, you know that your apprentice is afraid of death, and I won't take the old and young in the family to find death together, if there is danger, I promise to run faster than anyone else." ”
“老老小小？你是要带我们一起去？”虫老眼神明显不同了。
"Old and young? Are you going to take us with you? "The old worm's eyes are obviously different.
王叶嘿嘿笑：“难道你们不想去？”
虫老当然想去！他以为默林说的交易是只能让王叶去魔族，差点忘了王叶还有个作弊的虫巢空间，到时就算真的只能王叶一个人过去，他们也能待在虫巢里和王叶一起进入魔界。
Of course the worm wants to go! He thought that the deal Merlin said was that he could only let Wang Ye go to the demon clan, and almost forgot that Wang Ye still had a hive space for cheating, and even if Wang Ye could really go alone, they could stay in the hive and enter the demon world with Wang Ye.
魔界啊，传说中的世界，魔法知识的根源所在，能去这么一个地方，怎么能让人不激动？
O Demon Realm, the legendary world, where the root of magical knowledge lies, how can people not be excited to go to such a place?
危险？在哪里待着没有危险？ Dangerous? Where is there no danger in staying?
对比也许可以得到的收获，冒点险完全值得。 Comparing the gains that may be gained, it is totally worth the risk.
如果有可能，说不定他能找到进入十一级的道路。就算找不到，他也是去过魔界的人了。虫老越想，心越火热。
If it was possible, maybe he would find his way to the eleventh level. Even if he can't find it, he's someone who has been to the Demon Realm. The more the worm thought about it, the hotter his heart became.
“对，带上我们这些老的，遇到什么事，我们还可以出面对付。你有这种想法很正确。”这时虫老再也不说不让王叶过去的话，他甚至用力揉了揉王叶的脑袋，说道：“和塔塔拉族的友谊就靠你和余生前辈了，谈判的事交给我们，你给我去好好了解塔塔拉族。”
"Yes, take us old ones, and if something happens, we can come out and deal with it. You're right to think that way. At this time, the worm elder didn't say anything about not letting Wang Ye pass, he even rubbed Wang Ye's head vigorously, and said: "The friendship with the Tatara tribe depends on you and the rest of your predecessors, and the negotiation is left to us, you give me a good understanding of the Tatara tribe." ”
“得令！”王叶双指合并，从太阳穴划过。 "Order!" Wang Ye's two fingers merged and crossed his temples.
谈判之前，虫老表示想要了解一下塔塔拉族和瘤背怪的关系。
Before the negotiations, Worm Elder said that he wanted to know about the relationship between the Tatara and the Tumorback.
这是很正当的请求，默林同意了。 It was a legitimate request, and Merlin agreed.
“这边来。”默林展示了一条光道，让众人走上光道。 "Come this way." Merlin showed a path of light and made the crowd walk onto it.
光道就如传送带，不到十几秒，就把他们带入一个布置舒适的客厅中。
The light path is like a conveyor belt, and in less than ten seconds, it takes them into a comfortably furnished living room.
王叶在这里也见到了检查结束出来的雷木。 Wang Ye also saw the Lei Mu who came out of the inspection here.
雷木看起来精神极好，看到他们，立刻走了过来。 Remu seemed to be in excellent spirits, and when he saw them, he immediately walked over.
虫老等人还不知道雷木和默林的关系，王叶也暂时不想透露这点。
Worm Lao and the others still don't know the relationship between Lei Mu and Merlin, and Wang Ye doesn't want to reveal this for the time being.
雷木显然也没有暴露这点的意思，他用精神传音，问王叶想不想吃塔塔拉族的食物、喝塔塔拉族的饮料。
Lei Mu obviously didn't mean to expose this, he used his spirit to transmit his voice and asked Wang Ye if he wanted to eat Tatara food and drink Tatara drinks.
王叶很好奇，雷木就真的带他进了隔壁的厨房。 Wang Ye was very curious, so Lei Mu really took him into the kitchen next door.
在其他人眼中，更像是王叶好奇这里的布置，拉着雷木探险。
In the eyes of others, it was more like Wang Ye was curious about the layout here, pulling Lei Mu to explore.
长辈们没管这两个小辈，开始和默林沟通。 The elders ignored the two juniors and began to communicate with Merlin.
默林化成一只光兽，出现在客厅中。 Merlin transforms into a beast of light and appears in the living room.
关上隔离门，雷木才说道：“这是我曾经生活过的地方，是我在飞船上的家。”
Closing the isolation door, Lei Mucai said, "This is the place where I used to live, and this is my home on the spaceship. ”
雷木熟练地打开机器，要求一些物品，然后现场制作了几杯饮料，还有一些看起来像是合成的食物。
Raimu expertly turns on the machine, asks for some items, and then makes a few drinks on the spot, as well as some food that looks like synthesis.
“这些都是默林认为我能吃的。你尝尝看，味道还可以，默林为我调整了很多次。塔塔拉族的口味应该和我们很不一样。”雷木推荐，并保证这些食物无毒。
"These are the things Merlin thinks I can eat. You taste it, it tastes okay, Merlin has adjusted it for me many times. The Tatara tastes should be very different from ours. "Raimu recommends and assures that these foods are non-toxic.
王叶也不怕毒，不过他还是用技能【源清流净】在这些食物和饮料中过了一遍。这个技能可以检查并净化万毒，也可以净化阴邪功法伤害，王叶上辈子就用它当试毒技能用。
Wang Ye was not afraid of poison either, but he still used the skill [Source Clear Stream] to go through these foods and drinks. This skill can check and purify ten thousand poisons, and it can also purify the damage of the Yin Evil Exercise, and Wang Ye used it as a poison test skill in his previous life.
他相信雷木，但不相信默林。他就是这么多疑的人~ He believed in Remu, but not Merlin. He is so many suspicious people~
饮料偏清甜口感，确实还算好喝。但食物，王叶就有点不能恭维了，只能说还能吃，但真算不上好吃。
The drink is on the sweet side, and it's really delicious. But the food, Wang Ye is a little flattering, it can only be said that it can be eaten, but it is really not delicious.
雷木看王叶表情就笑起来：“对小时候的我来说，这些食物已经很美味了，当然比不上你做的。”
Lei Mu smiled when he saw Wang Ye's expression: "For me when I was a child, these foods were already delicious, of course they couldn't compare to what you made." ”
王叶轻哼，又心疼地用额头蹭了蹭雷木的手臂。 Wang Ye snorted lightly, and rubbed Lei Mu's arm with his forehead in distress.
雷木揽住小家伙，“走吧，这些食物和饮料就不拿出去了，你尝尝就可以。”
Lei Mu hugged the little one, "Let's go, don't take out these food and drinks, you can taste them." ”
雷木只是想把自己曾经吃过喝过的东西分享给王叶，就好像把自己最隐秘的秘密分享给他一样。
Lei Mu just wanted to share what he had eaten and drunk with Wang Ye, as if he had shared his most secret secrets with him.
他还想告诉王叶，默林对他有多好，但他能感觉出小叶子对于默林的些微排斥心，就明智地没有多提。
He also wanted to tell Wang Ye how good Merlin was to him, but he could feel Xiao Yezi's slight rejection of Merlin, so he wisely didn't mention it.
客厅里，默林正在展示一些图像信息。 In the living room, Merlin is showing some image information.
王叶和雷木也过去占了一个角，默默旁听。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu also took a corner in the past and listened silently.
“当年，我们接受到一个来自宇宙的求救信号，之后我们找到了一艘残破的飞船。飞船上几乎都是孩童，只有一名老人。那名老人快死了，他在临死前，把那些孩童托付给我们。”
"Back then, we received a distress call from the universe, and then we found a broken spaceship. The spaceship was almost entirely filled with children, except for one old man. The old man was dying, and before he died, he entrusted the children to us. ”
光幕中出现当时的实景拍摄。 The light curtain shows the live action shooting at that time.
王叶惊讶地发现这些孩童竟然长得很像花仙子，一个个都只有巴掌大，背后有一对大大的美丽翅膀，身体小小的，精致又漂亮，尤其这些都是孩童，更是纯真可爱。
Wang Ye was surprised to find that these children looked very much like flower fairies, all of them were only the size of a palm, with a pair of big beautiful wings on their backs, and their bodies were small, delicate and beautiful, especially these were children, and they were innocent and cute.
他们的脸不太像人类，有点像猫脸，不过一点都不恐怖，反而十分萌。
Their faces don't look like humans, they look a bit like cats, but they're not scary at all, they're very cute.
而那唯一一名老人也没有超过手臂长，他看起来也是慈眉善目，但他没有交代太多，甚至没有说出他们落到这种境地的原因，他把那群花仙子一样的孩童和船上的全部物资托付给塔塔拉族以后，就闭上眼睛去世了。
The only old man was no longer than his arm's length, and he seemed to be kind-eyed, but he did not explain much, or even say the reason why they had fallen into this situation, and after entrusting the Tatara with the children of the flower fairies and all the supplies on board, he closed his eyes and died.
而塔塔拉族的外形则更是出乎王叶的意料。 And the appearance of the Tatara tribe was even more unexpected by Wang Ye.
他们竟然是兽形，就是默林现在展示出来的光兽外形。不过他们的背部生有触角，但那些触角完全是光点构成，同样一点都不恐怖，还很美丽。
They turned out to be in the form of beasts, the form of light beasts that Merlin was now displaying. However, they have antennae on their backs, but those antennae are completely made of points of light, and they are not scary at all, and they are beautiful.
这些触角应该功能很多，它们可以自由构成各种形态，包括翅膀和手。
These antennae are supposed to be versatile, and they are free to form a variety of forms, including wings and hands.
第292章 塔塔拉族陷落历史 Chapter 292: History of the Fall of the Tatara Clan
“很可爱对吧？这是一个普遍种族都能接受的形象，尤其是幼崽更容易让人放下提防心。不得不说那些寄生者真的很了解人心。”默林叹息
"Pretty cute, right? This is an image that is acceptable to the general race, especially cubs, which are easier to let down their guard. I have to say that those parasites really understand the human heart. Merlin sighed
“这些应该不是那些寄生者的原生形态吧？”王叶举手问。
"These aren't the original forms of those parasites, right?" Wang Ye raised his hand and asked.
默林：“不是。我之所以说这些寄生者卑劣，不止是它们的生存方式，更因为它们的性情。”
Merlin: "No. The reason why I say these parasites are despicable is not only because of their way of living, but also because of their temperament. ”
默林手指图像道：“我们当时给这些孩子做了详细检查，但寄生者和这些生灵融合得非常完美，我们没有发现任何异常。因为他们还小，种族又和我们完全不一样，我们就给他们单独布置了一个适合他们生存的环境，还找专人照顾他们。”
Merlin gestured, "We examined these children in detail, but the parasite and these creatures fused perfectly, and we didn't find anything abnormal. Because they were still young and their race was completely different from ours, we arranged for them to live in a suitable environment and found someone to take care of them. ”
新的图像出现，这些花仙子一样的生灵也十分喜欢植物，他们如小蜜蜂一样在花田中飞来飞去，采集花粉和花蜜。
New images appeared, and these flower fairy-like creatures were also very fond of plants, flying around the flower fields like little bees, collecting pollen and nectar.
“他们十分擅长用花粉和花蜜制作美食，我们塔塔拉族人嗜甜，这些小东西制作出来的小点心，完全就抓中了我们的胃口。谁会提防一群小心翼翼想要讨好的小孩子？尤其他们还手捧美食，满脸期盼地看着你，看你吃下他们做的小点心，就高兴得飞来飞去。”
"They are very good at making food with pollen and nectar, and we Tatara people love sweets, and the little things that make them are completely appealing to our appetite. Who would beware of a bunch of little kids who are cautious about trying to please? In particular, they are holding the food in their hands, looking at you expectantly, and they are flying around with joy when they eat the snacks they make. ”
“当时，这些小生灵几乎成了塔塔拉族最受欢迎的明星。很多塔塔拉族都以吃到他们亲手做的小点心为荣。而我们为了帮助这些小生灵自立，还专门让他们成立了自己的食物作坊，专门向塔塔拉族贩卖他们制作的小点心。”
At that time, these little creatures were almost the most popular stars of the Tatara people. Many Tataras take pride in eating their own dim sums. In order to help these little creatures become self-reliant, we have also set up their own food workshop to sell the snacks they make to the Tatara people. ”
“而我们塔塔拉族的物流力量非常强大，一日之间就可以把位于星球最远端的货物送到另一端，这也大大方便了那些小生灵把他们制作的点心传遍整个塔塔拉星。”
"And our Tatara tribe has a very strong logistics force, and we can send goods from the farthest end of the planet to the other end in one day, which also greatly facilitates those little creatures to spread the snacks they make throughout the Tatara star."
王叶想到了囚犯岛上那些暗藏虫卵的药丸，就不知道这些药丸有没有在双月星扩散。
Wang Ye thought of the pills that concealed insect eggs on the prisoner island, and he didn't know if these pills had spread in the Double Moon Star.
他把这事也告诉了虫老，虫老已经报给学校，而学校也应该通知了佣兵公会等大型组织，但这种药丸防不胜防，尤其当人们相信它可以提高资质甚至激发非凡能力时。
He also told the Worm Elder about this, and the Worm Elder had already reported it to the school, and the school should have notified large organizations such as the Mercenary Guild, but this pill was impossible to prevent, especially when people believed that it could improve qualifications and even stimulate extraordinary abilities.
说不定上面越禁止，下面的暗中交易就更旺盛。 Maybe the more forbidden it is, the more vigorous the secret trading below.
默林的语调忽然微微改变，他说：“但那些寄生者大概也没有想到我们塔塔拉族的消化能力十分强大，他们藏在食物中的虫卵并没有发挥作用。”
Merlin's tone suddenly changed slightly, and he said, "But those parasites probably didn't expect that our Tatara tribe had a very strong digestive ability, and the eggs they hid in their food didn't work. ”
这个意想不到的发展让王叶等人全都看向默林。 This unexpected development made Wang Ye and the others all look at Merlin.
“但那些寄生者并没有就此放弃它们的计划，它们见无法直接寄生我们塔塔拉族，就开始侵袭塔塔拉星其他生物，寄生它们、了解它们、适应它们，并进一步改善和进化自己的生命形态。我们当时还以为星球中出现了新的进化生命，看到有新的物种出现，我们是高兴和欢迎的。”
"But those parasites did not give up their plans, and seeing that they could not directly parasitize our Tatara people, they began to invade other creatures on Tatara, parasitizing them, understanding them, adapting to them, and further improving and evolving their life forms. At that time, we thought that there was new evolutionary life on the planet, and we were happy and welcome to see new species appear. ”
默林的语气甚至有一丝佩服，为这个寄生种族在进化道路上的孜孜不倦。
Merlin's tone even had a hint of admiration for the tireless efforts of this parasitic race on the path of evolution.
“它们花了很多很多年时间，和我们共存，直到它们的虫卵可以在塔塔拉族体内留存，但它们紧接着又发现一个问题，那就是塔塔拉族的精神力十分强大，它们就算能在塔塔拉族体内孵化，可想要吞噬融合塔塔拉族的灵魂却几乎不可能。相反，我们终于发现了这些卑劣的寄生者。”
"They spent many, many years coexisting with us until their eggs could survive in the Tatara Clan, but then they discovered that the Tatara Clan's spiritual power was very strong, and even if they could hatch in the Tatara Clan, it would be almost impossible to devour and fuse the Tatara soul. On the contrary, we have finally discovered these vile parasites. ”
“但当时我们并不知道这个寄生种族已经遍布整个塔塔拉星，我们还以为出现了某种新型的寄生虫，就像是魔族那边的噬魂虫。”
"But at that time, we didn't know that this parasitic race had spread all over the entire Tatara star, and we thought that some new type of parasite had appeared, just like the soul eater on the demon side."
王叶插话：“你们那时候就知道魔族？” Wang Ye interjected: "You knew about the demon clan at that time? ”
默林笑道：“知道。魔族是个交游广阔的种族，他们的强大，让他们可以走得很远，自然也就有机会认识很多种族。在塔塔拉星也有很多关于魔族的传说，魔族嗜吃灵魂的传闻，大约在他们经过的每个世界都有流传。而我们塔塔拉族精神力都十分强大，自然也是魔族青睐的美食之一。”
Merlin smiled, "Yes." The demons are a race with a wide range of friends, and their strength allows them to go far, and naturally they have the opportunity to know many races. There are also many legends about the demons in Tatara, and rumors that the demons are addicted to eating souls are spread in about every world they pass through. And our Tatara tribe has a very strong spiritual power, and it is naturally one of the delicacies favored by the demon clan. ”
“不过我们塔塔拉族也不好惹，魔族和我们的战斗基本上都是五五开。加上魔族因为某些原因，无法实体到达塔塔拉星，魔族对于塔塔拉族的危害并不算大。”
"But our Tatara clan is not easy to mess with, and the battle between the demons and us is basically five or five. In addition, the demons can't physically reach the Tatara Star for some reason, and the demons are not too harmful to the Tatara clan. ”
虫老等长辈互相交换眼色，暗中也在用精神传音交流。 The insect elders and other elders exchanged glances with each other, and secretly used spiritual transmission to communicate.
默林能猜出虫老等人在想什么，但他不在乎。双月星人忌惮他们也好、提防他们也好，只要能和他们合作，帮助他们塔塔拉族脱离那些寄生者的控制，那么双月星人会看到他们塔塔拉族的诚意。
Merlin could guess what the Worm Elder and the others were thinking, but he didn't care. Whether the Twin Moons are afraid of them or wary of them, as long as they can cooperate with them and help their Tatara people escape from the control of those parasites, then the Twin Moon Stars will see their Tatara sincerity.
他们愿意为此付出一定代价，包括离开双月星去寻找其他生存地。
They are willing to pay a price for this, including leaving the Twin Moons to find another place to live.
双月星并不是他们的必要选择，他们只是和那些寄生者边战边走，无意中来到了这个有智慧种族和有丰富能量的庞大星球。
The Twin Moon Stars were not a necessary choice for them, they were just fighting with those parasites, and they had inadvertently come to this vast planet with intelligent races and abundant energy.
比起他们塔塔拉族，那些寄生者才更垂涎这个世界。 It is the Tatara who covet the world more than the Tataras.
而双月星人要提防的也不是他们塔塔拉族，而应该是那些卑劣的寄生者！
And the people of the Twin Moons should not be wary of their Tatara clan, but those despicable parasites!
“如果你们能察觉那些寄生者的寄生，又有强大的精神力和那么高的科技，为什么还会落到现在的田地？”王叶不解。
"If you can detect the parasitism of those parasites, and you have strong spiritual power and such high technology, why did you end up in the current field?" Wang Ye was puzzled.
默林叹息：“问得好。这也是我说那些寄生者卑劣的最大原因。”
Merlin sighed, "That's a good question. That's the biggest reason why I say those parasites are despicable. ”
默林再次展示了新的影像，里面出现了很多与正常塔塔拉族人有点不太相同的怪物。
Merlin once again showed a new image, which showed a lot of monsters that were a little different from the normal Tatara people.
说是怪物也不正确，因为他们的外表并不丑陋，只是让他们看起来更强大，或者增加了某方面的能力。
It's also not correct to say that they are monsters, because their appearance is not ugly, it just makes them look stronger, or adds abilities in some way.
“我们塔塔拉族人没有异能，我们的光之触角可以变化各种形态，翅膀、武器、工具等等，但那就像是你们的手一样，对我们来说这就是一种非常正常的生理变化。”
"We Tataras don't have any powers, our tentacles of light can change shapes, wings, weapons, tools, etc., but it's like your hands, and it's a very normal physiological change for us."
“可有一天，有少数塔塔拉族的光之触角不止可以变形，它们甚至可以喷出毒液、火焰后，所有年轻的塔塔拉族都为之疯狂了。他们追求和渴望这种能力。因为这是和拥有武器完全不同的刺激，是生命形态的改变，是独属于自己的能力。”
"But one day, after a few Tatara tribes whose light tentacles can not only be transformed, but they can even spew venom and flames, all the young Tatara tribes will go crazy for it. They seek and aspire to this ability. Because this is a completely different stimulus from owning a weapon, it is a change in life form, and it is an ability that belongs to oneself. ”
“后来经过调查，我们发现那些寄生者改变了原本的掠夺型寄生计划，它们开始选择和塔塔拉族共存。如果它们真的是这么想也罢，但这只是它们迷惑塔塔拉族的阴谋。”
"Later, after investigation, we found that the parasites had changed their original predatory parasitism plan, and they began to choose to coexist with the Tataras. If only they really thought so, but it was just a plot by them to confuse the Tataras. ”
“那些寄生者会特意选择那些人生过得不太如意的年轻人和中年人，它们诱惑那些意志不坚定的家伙，表示可以和他们共存，为他们带来新的能力，说它们和他们可以成为最密切的战斗伙伴。它们甚至提出了灵魂契约。”
"Those parasites deliberately choose young and middle-aged people who are not having a good life, and they tempt those who are not strong-willed, saying that they can live with them, that they can bring them new abilities, that they can be the closest combat partners with them. They even come up with soul contracts. ”
王叶张大嘴，这些寄生虫真他么太会玩了！ Wang Ye opened his mouth wide, these parasites are so good at playing!
真的，如果这些寄生虫拿这一套对付地球人，那上当的人绝对会很多很多。
Really, if these parasites use this to deal with earthlings, there will definitely be many, many people who will be fooled.
至少如果是他小时候碰到这么一只说是可以给他带来特别能力、成为他战斗伙伴的寄生虫，他绝对会欢迎，并立刻和对方契约。
At least if he had encountered such a parasite when he was a child, which was said to give him special abilities and become his combat partner, he would definitely welcome it, and immediately make a contract with the other party.
虫老等人也都感到了震撼。塔塔拉族人会为这种寄生方式迷惑，难道他们双月星人就不会了吗？
The insect elder and the others were also shocked. The Tataras will be confused by this parasitism, won't they be the Twin Moon Stars?
而且双月星因为有超凡者存在，普通人谁不羡慕超凡者的高高在上和特殊能力？
And because of the existence of the Twin Moon Stars, ordinary people who don't envy the superiority and special abilities of the transcendent?
如果有机会让这些普通人也成为超凡者，就问谁能不动心？
If there is a chance for these ordinary people to become transcendental, who can not be tempted?
“问题出在那个灵魂契约上？”黄花树人第一次开口问道。
"The problem is with that soul contract?" The Yellow Flower Tree Man asked for the first time.
默林承认：“是。这个灵魂契约看似公平，实际有一个极大的漏洞，但当时所有上当的塔塔拉族人都没有看出，直到他们的精神力被彻底融合、所有记忆被夺取、灵魂被吞噬。”
Merlin admitted: "Yes. This soul contract seemed to be fair, but in fact there was a huge loophole, but all the Tatara people who were fooled at that time did not see it, until their spiritual power was completely fused, all memories were taken away, and their souls were devoured. ”
“是什么样的契约？”虫老问。 "What kind of contract is it?" Worm asked.
光幕中出现一段很长的文字，是塔塔拉文。 A long text appeared in the light curtain, which was in Tatara.
默林用双月星通用语翻译了一遍，大意就是甲乙双方在平等友好的基础上签订该灵魂契约，契约要求双方不能互相伤害，平时要守望相助，如果一方有危险，另一方必须全力救助，一定要保证其生命力云云。
Merlin translated it in the lingua franca of the Twin Moon Stars, to the effect that both parties A and B signed the soul contract on the basis of equality and friendship, and the contract required that both parties should not hurt each other, and that they should watch and help each other in normal times, and if one party was in danger, the other party must do their best to help, and their vitality must be guaranteed.
王叶听完，初时并没有发现漏洞在哪里，直到默林指出。
After listening to this, Wang Ye didn't find out where the loophole was at first, until Merlin pointed it out.
“这个契约的最大问题就是全力救助和保证生命力这两点。”
"The biggest problem with this contract is the two points of full rescue and life guarantee."
王叶细细琢磨，也觉出味道了。 Wang Ye pondered it carefully, and also felt the taste.
默林进一步解释道：“表面上那些寄生者和塔塔拉族守望相助，战斗时也会出力，但它们躲在塔塔拉族人的身体里，一旦有危险发生，最先出现生命危险的必然是作为外壳的塔塔拉族人。一旦被寄生的塔塔拉族人陷入生命危险中，那些寄生者就可以夺取身体的控制权，在塔塔拉族人意识不清或昏迷中，融合他们的精神力，直到代替他们。”
Merlin further explained: "On the surface, the parasites and the Tataras are on watch and help in battle, but they hide in the bodies of the Tataras, and in the event of danger, the first to be in danger must be the Tataras as the shell. Once the lives of the parasitic Tataras are in danger, those parasitized can seize control of the body, merging their psychic powers in the Tatara unconscious or unconscious until they take their place. ”
“可那些寄生者并没有违反契约，因为它们夺取身体的控制权，就是为了不让重伤的塔塔拉族人死亡，包括融合精神力也是为了保证塔塔拉族人的身体生机。”
"But those parasites did not break the contract, because they seized control of the body in order to prevent the seriously injured Tatara people from dying, including the fusion of spiritual power to ensure the physical vitality of the Tatara people."
“最可恨也最可怕的是，这些寄生者在和塔塔拉族人签订契约后，就会获得该塔塔拉族人的信任，那些寄生者改造和融合塔塔拉族人的身体也不会引来反抗和排斥，它们相当于用甜言蜜语诱惑了塔塔拉族人把身体交给它们。”
"The most hateful and terrible thing is that these parasites will gain the trust of the Tatara people after signing a contract with the Tataras, and those parasites will not resist and reject the Tatara people's body when they transform and merge with them, they are equivalent to tempting the Tatara people to give their bodies to them with sweet words."
“遇到战斗时，并不是每个塔塔拉族人都能坚强战斗，相反被那些寄生者选上的人选大多意志薄弱，有着各种各样的问题。这些塔塔拉族甚至害怕战斗、害怕危险，一旦遇到事情，就想要躲在别人身后，这时那些寄生者就会跟他们说，让他们把身体控制权交给它们，它们来帮他们战斗。”
"When it comes to fighting, not every Tatara can fight strongly, on the contrary, most of the candidates chosen by those parasites are weak-willed and have all kinds of problems. These Tataras are even afraid of fighting, they are afraid of danger, and when they encounter something, they want to hide behind others, and then the parasites will tell them to give them control of their bodies, and they will help them fight. ”
“就这样，一点点、一次次，被寄生的塔塔拉族人的意志越来越薄弱，他们不知道他们每次交出身体控制权，其实都是在向体内的寄生者投降，他们的精神力也都会在此时遭到侵入。”
"In this way, little by little, again and again, the will of the parasitic Tatara people is getting weaker and weaker, they don't know that every time they hand over control of their bodies, they are actually surrendering to the parasites in their bodies, and their spiritual power will also be invaded at this time."
“甚至有些特别傻的塔塔拉族人，竟然把自己的精神海和大脑都开放给他们的寄生伙伴，任由它们接管自己的身体去学习、去工作、去战斗、去做所有他们不愿意做的事，而那些愚蠢的塔塔拉族人只要负责享受就好。”
"There are even some particularly stupid Tataras who have opened their spiritual seas and brains to their parasitic partners, allowing them to take over their bodies to study, to work, to fight, to do all the things they don't want to do, and those stupid Tataras just need to be responsible for enjoyment."
王叶：“……糖衣炮弹精神腐蚀啊这是。” Wang Ye: "...... Sugar-coated cannonballs are mentally corroded, ah, this is. ”
“是的。那些卑劣的寄生者极为有耐心，它们就这样一点点地侵入年轻一代。更糟糕的是，塔塔拉族有些意志薄弱的高层，和一些单纯的科研工作者也被它们欺骗。”
"Yes. Those vile parasites are extremely patient, and they invade the younger generation little by little. To make matters worse, some of the Tatara people are weak-willed and some simple scientific researchers. ”
“难道你们就没有想出办法对付它们？” "Didn't you figure out how to deal with them?"
“我们察觉得太迟了，等到我们意识到那些年轻人出现异能不是塔塔拉族的生命形态在进化，而是那些寄生虫搞的鬼时，情况已经不可收拾。”
"We realized too late, and by the time we realized that the young people were not evolving in their life forms, but the ghosts of the parasites, the situation was out of control."
默林声音悲痛：“更让我们难受的是，很多年轻人根本不相信官方公布的消息，他们只相信他们自己。甚至很多年轻人还认为这是上层为了不让年青一代掌控更多力量的阴谋。而那些卑劣的寄生虫们也在不断蛊惑那些年轻人，让他们不相信政府、不相信长辈、不相信公众之言。那些年轻人认为他们是掌握了真理的少数派，并用他们的理论去说服更多年轻人。”
Merlin's voice was sad: "What makes us even more uncomfortable is that many young people don't believe the official news at all, they only believe themselves. Even many young people believe that this is a conspiracy by the upper echelons to prevent the younger generation from wielding more power. And those vile parasites are constantly seducing young people, making them not trust the government, not the elders, not the public. Those young people think that they are in the minority who have the truth, and use their theories to convince more young people. ”
“那些寄生虫掀起了塔塔拉族的对立，而塔塔拉族高层偏偏投鼠忌器。”虫老了然道。
"Those parasites have set off a confrontation among the Tatara people, and the Tatara people are in the upper echelons of the rat trap." The worm said clearly.
“对，我们没办法对自己的族人使用灭绝性武器，那些躲在族人体内的寄生虫因此得以生存。我们追捕那些和寄生虫签订契约的族人，他们就会反抗，会不断制造恐慌和灾难，为此他们不惜拖其他无辜的族人下水。”
"Yes, we can't use extermination weapons against our own people, so the parasites that hide in our people can survive. When we hunt down those who have made a pact with the parasites, they will rebel, and they will continue to cause panic and disaster, and they will not hesitate to drag other innocent people into the water. ”
默林展示了更多音像资料。 Merlin showed more audiovisual materials.
大家在光幕中看到了一场又一场的中小型战斗，还有被摧毁的美丽城市，变成焦土的美丽原野，以及大量死亡的塔塔拉族人。
In the light curtain, everyone saw one small and medium-sized battle after another, as well as beautiful cities that were destroyed, beautiful fields that turned into scorched earth, and a large number of Tatara people who died.
“当上层终于下定决心，决定不顾一切地去处理这些寄生虫和被寄生者时，更糟糕的事情发生了。”
"Something even worse happened when the upper echelons finally made up their minds and decided to deal with these parasites and the parasitized at all costs."
塔塔拉族里有顶层的科研工作者被寄生，对方一开始也许只是想要研究寄生虫这种生物，而找个实验体让寄生虫寄生，当然不如自己当被寄生体更有实感。
There are top-level scientific researchers in the Tatara tribe who are parasitized, and the other party may just want to study the parasite at first, and finding an experimental subject to parasitize the parasite is of course not as realistic as being a parasite.
不得不说，大概每个种族的科研工作者都有那么几个比较疯狂的天才存在，不过也正因为有这些疯狂到拿自己做实验的研究者存在，才会在某方面有飞跃式地发展吧。
I have to say that there are probably a few crazy geniuses in scientific researchers of every race, but it is precisely because of the existence of these crazy researchers who do experiments on themselves that they will develop by leaps and bounds in some aspects.
但偶尔，也会有玩脱的时候。 But occasionally, there will be times when you get out of the game.
有个顶层科研工作者他喜欢研究甚于一切，他甚至懒得应付自己的妻子和孩子，在不得不回家的时候，他为了有更多时间做研究，就把自己身体的控制权交给寄生虫，自己则沉浸入精神海进行研究思考。
There is a top-level scientific researcher who likes research more than everything, he is too lazy to deal with his wife and children, and when he has to go home, in order to have more time to do research, he hands over the control of his body to the parasite, and immerses himself in the spiritual sea for research and thinking.
而那只寄生虫也尽心尽力地帮他安抚他的妻子和家人，以至于他的妻子发现真相后，一怒之下就杀死了自己的丈夫。
And the parasite did its best to help him pacify his wife and family, so much so that when his wife found out the truth, she killed her husband in a fit of rage.
当然，这名科研工作者在真正死亡前，身体就被寄生虫接手了。
Of course, the scientist's body was taken over by parasites before he actually died.
而寄生虫也利用漫长的时间，在学习这名科研工作者懂得的一切，在它最后融合这名被妻子质问、刺杀而精神几近崩溃的科研工作者的精神力时，它得到了对方全部的知识和经验。
And the parasite also used the long time to learn everything that the scientific researcher knew, and when it finally fused the mental power of the scientific researcher who was questioned and assassinated by his wife and almost broke down, it gained all the knowledge and experience of the other party.
“很不幸，那是一名最高端的生物工程研究者，他撰写的很多论文都走在塔塔拉族科研的最前端。他后期一直在致力研究怎么在不伤害寄生体的情况下灭除寄生虫，但我们不知道他也做了反向研究，而他的反向研究给那些寄生虫创造了彻底控制我族、改造我族的思路。”
"Unfortunately, he was a high-end bioengineering researcher, and many of his papers were at the forefront of Tatara research. He has been working on how to get rid of parasites without harming the parasites, but we don't know that he also did reverse research, and his reverse research created the idea for those parasites to completely control and transform our race. ”
“之后那名被寄生的科研者邀请了几位和他同等级的最高端科研工作者，其中一名还是我曾经的同事。那些寄生者谋害了他们，取出了他们的大脑，一边做研究，同时想办法寄生他们的大脑、替代他们。”
"Then the parasitic researcher invited several high-level researchers of his rank, one of whom was a former colleague of mine. The parasites murdered them, took out their brains, and did research while trying to find a way to parasitize their brains and replace them. ”
“寄生者们成功了，它们成功改造出一个类似我的存在，功能没有我高级，但已经足够它们使用。它们还残忍地取出和改造我族人的大脑，当做网络节点，至此，它们终于有了独属于寄生者的网络，彻底躲开了我们的搜查。”
"The parasites succeeded, they succeeded in transforming a me-like being, not as advanced as me, but enough for them to use. They also brutally took out and modified the brains of our people and used them as network nodes, so that they finally have a network of parasites that completely evade our search. ”
王叶想到他在瘤背怪军营城堡地下发现的那个光脑一样的存在，看来那就是被改造的塔塔拉族人的大脑了。
Wang Ye thought of the light-brain-like existence he found under the castle of the Tumorback Monster Barracks, it seemed that it was the brain of the transformed Tatara people.
默林播放了最后的录影资料，那是塔塔拉星最后一场大战。
Merlin played the last video, which was the final battle on Tatara.
“那些寄生虫原本的计划是寄生我们，代替我们，让它们的生命形态进一步进化。但它们除了欺骗我族签下灵魂契约，花费漫长时间来找机会替代我们，根本没有办法顺利且快速地寄生我族。而且我们的反抗太厉害，于是……”
"The original plan of those parasites was to parasitize us, to take our place, and to further evolve their life forms. But apart from tricking our people into signing a soul contract and spending a long time looking for an opportunity to replace us, they have no way to parasitize our race smoothly and quickly. And our resistance was so strong that we ......"
“它们开始大量抓捕我的族人，利用它们研究出来的新手段，对我的族人进行身体和大脑改造，改造后的塔塔拉族人就变成了瘤背怪，丑陋、愚昧、粗野，只知道听令行事。”
“我们不想被寄生虫族控制，不想全族全星都成为这个卑劣种族的壳子和养料，我们只能率领剩下的塔塔拉族与瘤背怪和寄生者们开战。最后我们的首领选择了同归于尽。”
“他把最后的希望托付给我，把当时我族的最高智慧结晶交给我，让我离开塔塔拉星，去其他地方继续延续塔塔拉族的文明，同时我们还具有另一个使命，就是如有可能就找到那些寄生族的大本营，彻底消灭它们！”
影像中，原本绚烂多彩的塔塔拉星裂开了。 In the video, the originally brilliant and colorful Tatara star cracked.
默林每次看到这一幕，都会感到心裂开了一般。 Every time Merlin saw this, he felt his heart crack.
没有塔塔拉族想要亲手炸毁自己的星球，可他们当时只能这么做，他们想要彻底消灭那个卑劣的寄生种族，想要让这种悲剧就此在塔塔拉星止住。
No Tatara wanted to blow up their planet with their own hands, but they could only do that, they wanted to completely wipe out that vile parasitic race, and they wanted this tragedy to stop on Tatara.
“但首领和我们都没有想到的是，那些寄生者似乎提前知道了我们的打算，他们甚至利用裂开的星球弄出了一个可以生活并且有大气层的浮空岛。”
"But what neither the leader nor we expected was that the parasites seemed to know our plans in advance, and they even used the cracked planet to create a floating island with a living atmosphere and a living atmosphere."
“之后那些寄生者和瘤背怪还想追杀我们，我们也想夺回那座浮空岛，我们一边逃亡，一边和他们开战，直到来到双月星附近。”
默林抬头：“后来的事情你们就都知道了。” Merlin looked up: "You all know what happened next. ”
客厅里一片沉寂。
虫老等人都还在消化塔塔拉族和寄生虫族斗争的悲惨历史。
同时塔塔拉族人的遭遇也让虫老等人警惕和后怕，虫老以前就听王叶提过寄生虫族，他虽然已经足够重视，但显然还不够重视。
他万万没想到这个寄生种族竟然能做到这种地步，硬是花了几千年的时间去侵蚀一个高等文明，最后还通过种种手段，让它们成功了。
“它们为什么不能满足于共存这个状态？”翡爵作为小辈，一直没有开口，这时反倒是他第一个打破沉寂。
"Why can't they be content with coexistence?" As a junior, Fei Jue has never spoken, but at this time, he was the first to break the silence.
默林回答：“因为这个种族的生存方式就是寄生与掠夺。就像我们必须吃东西和喝水才能存活，而它们则必须要寄生。它们肉体弱小、生命短暂，所以它们渴望更强大的生命体和更长的生命周期。”
Merlin replied, "Because the way of life of this race is parasitism and predation. Just like we have to eat and drink to survive, they have to be parasitic. They are weak in flesh and have a short lifespan, so they crave stronger life forms and longer life cycles. ”
默林一顿：“根据我们对这种生命体的分析，我们推测出这种寄生虫的生命周期十分短暂，而且身体会很难适应严苛的环境，它们必须通过寄生和融合改造寄生体来为自己延续生命，从而彻底变成另一种生命形态。”
Merlin paused: "Based on our analysis of this life form, we have speculated that the life cycle of this parasite is very short, and the body will have a difficult time adapting to the harsh environment, and they must modify the parasite through parasitism and fusion to prolong their life, so as to completely transform into another life form." ”
翡爵再次提问：“如果这些寄生虫全部寄生一种生命体后，它们是否会就此变成一种新的生命体，而寄生虫族则就此消失？”
Fei Jue asked again: "If all these parasites parasitize one lifeform, will they become a new lifeform, and the parasites will disappear?" ”
王叶精神一振，他对这个问题也很好奇。 Wang Ye's spirits perked up, and he was also curious about this question.
默林道：“不，它们不会消失，它们可以生育出新的生命体，但也可以产出寄生虫卵，只不过这些虫卵会带有新的能力。”
Merlin said: "No, they don't disappear, they can give birth to new lifeforms, but they can also produce parasite eggs, but these eggs will carry new abilities. ”
翡爵想不通了：“这个种族的存在意义到底是什么？就是不断寄生、不断进化吗？”
Fei Jue couldn't figure it out: "What is the meaning of the existence of this race?" Is it just constant parasitism and constant evolution? ”
“不是和我们一样？”王叶随口嘀咕。 "Isn't it the same as us?" Wang Ye muttered casually.
大家的目光一起扫过来。 Everyone's eyes swept over together.
王叶提高声音：“我们的存在意义是什么？不也和那些寄生虫族一样，吃吃喝喝，想办法变强、想让自己过得更好，然后一代又一代不断重复这样的生活。所以就我看，生命没有什么特别意义，我们就是存在而已。就像这个宇宙、像无数的星球，她们就是存在，存在既有意义。”
Wang Ye raised his voice: "What is the meaning of our existence?" No, like those parasites, they eat and drink, try to get stronger, want to live a better life, and then repeat this life from generation to generation. So as far as I can see, life doesn't have any special meaning, we just exist. Just like this universe, like countless planets, they just exist, and their existence has meaning. ”
大概是没有想到一个小孩子会说出这么具有“深度”的话，大家都有些讶异。
Probably didn't expect a child to say such "deep" words, and everyone was a little surprised.
反倒是默林笑起来：“没错，存在既有意义。我们探讨那些寄生种族的存在意义，根本没必要，因为这就是它们的生存方式。实际上我们任何一个智慧种族对于一个星球来说，都是寄生者。而且我们也在不断改造我们的寄生体，我们的星球。”
Instead, Merlin laughed: "Yes, existence has meaning. We don't need to talk about the meaning of the existence of those parasitic races, because that's how they live. In fact, any of our intelligent races is a parasite for a planet. And we're constantly reinventing our parasites, our planet. ”
默林又对王叶道：“被你这么一说，我都要理解这个寄生种族了。不过理解归理解，一方因为生存资源而侵略另一方，不管他们是不是为了生存，都无法让另一方接受。现在我和你们就是那个另一方，而侵略者则是寄生族。”
Merlin said to Wang Ye again: "When you say this, I have to understand this parasitic race." However, understanding is understanding that one party invades the other because of survival resources, whether they are trying to survive or not, it cannot be accepted by the other side. Now you and I are the other side, and the invaders are parasites. ”
王叶点头：“那是当然，一切无关正义，只为生存。” Wang Ye nodded: "Of course, everything has nothing to do with justice, just for survival." ”
兰道教授微微皱眉。 Professor Landau frowned slightly.
“啪！” "Smack!"
“嗷！”王叶一声怪叫，捂着脑袋就叫起来：“老头，你怎么好端端地突然打我？”
"Whew!" Wang Ye screamed strangely, covered his head and shouted: "Old man, why did you suddenly hit me in such a good manner?" ”
虫老冷声道：“什么叫无关正义？每个种族都有自己的生存方式没错，就是苍蝇蚊子臭虫也有自己的生存权，但你看过哪只苍蝇蚊子玩阴谋诡计，还搞灭族计划？”
The worm elder said coldly: "What do you mean that it has nothing to do with justice? Each race has its own way of survival, yes, even flies, mosquitoes, and bedbugs also have their own right to survive, but which fly and mosquito have you seen play intrigue and carry out extermination plans? ”
兰道也正色道：“我们可以尊重任何生命的生存方式，但缺乏生存资源就一定要攻打别人吗？你没吃的就一定要抢劫，还要杀人吗？这些无非是某些不想被规则束缚的无赖恶人给自己行恶找的借口。”
Landau also said: "We can respect the way of survival of any life, but if we lack survival resources, we must attack others?" Do you have to rob and kill people if you don't have anything to eat? These are nothing more than excuses for some scoundrels and wicked people who don't want to be bound by the rules to do evil for themselves. ”
虫老紧接着道：“王小叶，我警告你，你如果遇到同样的问题，我可以允许你想尽一切办法求生，但不是用通过伤害别人、灭绝别人来求你自己的生存。除非对方对你怀有恶意，先对你出手。”
The insect elder then said: "Wang Xiaoye, I warn you, if you encounter the same problem, I can allow you to do everything you can to survive, but not to seek your own survival by hurting others and exterminating others. Unless the other party has malicious intentions towards you, they will attack you first. ”
王叶好气，鼓着嘴巴说：“如果我落到绝境，你们也都受伤，我们没有粮食没有药物，眼看就要死亡，可我遇到一群人，他们有着我想要的一切，可因为我没钱买、没有东西可以交换，他们就不肯卖给我们，还想着等我和你们死亡，就可以接手我们的家园。难道那时候我也只能眼睁睁看着他们喝酒吃肉，而我只能带着你们一起等死？”
Wang Ye was angry, puffed out his mouth and said: "If I fall into a desperate situation, you are all injured, we have no food and no medicine, and we are about to die, but I met a group of people, they have everything I want, but because I have no money to buy and nothing to exchange, they refuse to sell to us, and they think that when I and you die, they can take over our homeland." Could it be that at that time, I could only watch them drink wine and eat meat, and I could only take you with me to die? ”
雷木按住额头，怎么好端端的，小叶子和师父们闹起来了？
Lei Mu pressed his forehead, how could he be so dignified, Xiao Yezi and the masters had a quarrel?
“那要看情况。而且你会因此就把人家的老人孩子妇女全部杀死吗？”虫老和兰道师父两个人轮流对王叶展开了言语教育（精神攻击）。
"It depends. And will you kill all the old people, children, and women because of this? "Worm Lao and Master Lan Dao took turns to carry out verbal education (spiritual attack) on Wang Ye.
王叶头大：“是是是，我知道了，我说错了，正义永远存在，和立场、和生存权都无关，这是最起码的良知和人性。啊啊啊，师父们啊，饶了我吧，别再念了，我真的就是口误。”
Wang Yeda: "Yes, yes, I know, I was wrong, justice will always exist, and it has nothing to do with the position and the right to live, this is the least conscience and human nature." Ahh ”
“屁的口误！你小子就是满脑子古怪念头，现在不跟你说清楚，难道等你大了，善恶观念都已经定型时再想纠正你吗？”
"Slipped by the tongue! You kid is just full of weird thoughts, and if you don't make it clear to you now, do you want to correct you when you are older and the concepts of good and evil have been set? ”
我已经大了，很大了！王叶抱着脑袋听得头疼无比，却又不得不听他们念叨，师父们什么都好，就是念大道理时真的好烦！
I'm big, big! Wang Ye held his head and listened to it with a headache, but he had to listen to them, the masters are good at everything, but it is really annoying when they read the great truth!
王叶还想着幸好闻笛师父不在，否则这位才不会跟他讲道理，只会交给他一堆作业让他去做，不做到让他改变想法，他就不会停止。
Wang Ye also thought that it was fortunate that Master Wendi was not there, otherwise this person would not reason with him, and would only give him a bunch of homework for him to do, and if he didn't change his mind, he wouldn't stop.
黄花树人和翡爵看得都乐，这种师父教徒的现场太有意思了，尤其被教育的那个已经头疼得要满地打滚，而且他真的滚起来了，不过是赖在他大哥雷木的怀里滚来滚去。
Huanghuashu and Feijue are happy to see it, this kind of scene of the master and disciple is too interesting, especially the one who has been educated has a headache and is about to roll on the ground, and he really rolls, but he is rolling around in the arms of his eldest brother Lei Mu.
默林却有种这两位人类大佬是在借徒弟敲打他这个外族人——不要以为你们现在处在生存绝境，就可以在双月星强取横夺，做人要有底线。只有这样，同样有底线的人才会帮助你们。
Merlin has a feeling that these two human bosses are using their apprentices to beat him, a foreigner—don't think that you are in a desperate situation of survival now, you can take it by force in the Twin Moon Stars, and you must have a bottom line in life. Only in this way will people who also have a bottom line help you.
默林微笑，他承认，这样有底线的双月星人确实让他更放心和他们做交易。
Merlin smiled, and he admitted that such a bottom-line Twin Moon Star did make him feel more comfortable making a deal with them.
敲打完徒弟，虫老和默林言归正传，开始商谈具体的合作事项。
After beating the apprentice, Worm Elder and Merlin got down to business and began to discuss specific cooperation matters.
默林很大方地同意王叶和雷木一起学习塔塔拉族的基础知识，而在两人学习期间，默林答应虫老，会配合他们处理他们要求处理的一批探险者。
Merlin graciously agreed that Wang Ye and Lei Mu would learn the basics of the Tatara together, and while the two were studying, Merlin promised that he would cooperate with them in dealing with the group of explorers they asked to deal with.
第293章 不危险的探险 Chapter 293: An Expedition That Is Not Dangerous
雷木站在高高的塔尖上，微闭眼睛感受那阵阵冷风，他的衣摆被风吹得时不时飘起。
Remu stood on the high spire, his eyes slightly closed to feel the gust of cold wind, and the hem of his clothes was blown up by the wind from time to time.
王叶则坐在塔尖下方略略延伸出去的小平台上，两腿悬空着，叼着一根牛肉条，看着周围一望无际的城市风景。
Wang Ye sat on a small platform that slightly extended under the spire, his legs dangling, holding a strip of beef in his mouth, looking at the endless cityscape around him.
如果不是知道这是一艘飞船的内部，任谁看到这样的风景都以为自己在一座超级大城市中。
If it weren't for the fact that this was the inside of a spaceship, anyone who saw such a landscape would have thought they were in a megacity.
这座大城市既有着古典式的庄严和华丽，也有着超未来的高科技感。
This big city has both classical grandeur and magnificence, as well as a futuristic sense of high-tech.
而这种古风和超未来风互相结合在一起，形成了一种非常独特的魅力。
And this ancient style and the superfuturistic style combine with each other to form a very unique charm.
就是这座城市过于死寂，没有半点生气，看着好看，却又阴森无比。
It's just that the city is too dead and silent, not the slightest bit angry, it looks good, but it is extremely gloomy.
这也是王叶没有进入这座城市探险的原因，这样孤冷凄凉死寂的城市，远远看看就好了，进去他怕影响自己的心情。
This is also the reason why Wang Ye did not enter this city to explore, such a lonely, desolate and dead city, it is good to see it from a distance, and he is afraid that it will affect his mood when he enters.
“我以前就经常站在这里，但我从来没有进去过那座城市，我小时候有点害怕那里。”雷木睁开眼睛道。
"I've been standing here a lot before, but I've never been in that city, and I was a little scared of it when I was a kid." Reimu opened his eyes and said.
王叶用力撕扯着牛肉条道：“我也不想进去，像坟墓。”
Wang Ye tore the beef strips vigorously and said, "I don't want to go in either, it's like a grave." ”
雷木笑：“好巧，我那时也是这么想。” Lei Mu smiled: "Coincidentally, I thought so at the time. ”
“我不想将来双月星和我的家乡也变成这样。”王叶呢喃。
"I don't want the Double Moon Star and my hometown to be like this in the future." Wang Ye muttered.
雷木从塔尖上落到王叶身边，揉揉他的脑袋：“不会的，我们一定会打败那些寄生虫。”
Lei Mu fell from the spire to Wang Ye's side and rubbed his head: "No, we will definitely defeat those parasites." ”
“那些寄生虫真的太难消灭了。而且师父们要求还特高，又要求我不能吃亏，又希望我能做个圣人。”王叶嚼着牛肉条，还不忘嘀咕抱怨。
"Those parasites are really hard to get rid of. Moreover, the masters are very demanding, and they ask me not to suffer, and they hope that I can be a saint. Wang Ye chewed the beef strips, and did not forget to mutter.
雷木失笑：“师父们并没有要求你做个圣人，他们只是怕你走歪路，如果真的遇到你说的为了生存而拼搏的时候，他们能做得比你更狠，但他们不能这么教你。”
Lei Mu smiled: "The masters didn't ask you to be a saint, they were just afraid that you would go the wrong way, if you really met what you said about fighting for survival, they could do more ruthlessly than you, but they can't teach you that." ”
“我明白，他们只是希望我能心存善念，做事能留一些余地。”王叶眯了眯眼睛，“我觉得师父们可能看出我的本性了。”
"I understand that they just want me to have good intentions and leave some leeway in doing things." Wang Ye narrowed his eyes, "I think the masters may have seen my true nature." ”
雷木在他身边坐下，笑：“哦，你的本性是什么？” Remu sat down beside him and smiled, "Oh, what is your nature? ”
王叶斜睨他：“你不要说你没看出来。” Wang Ye squinted at him: "Don't say you didn't see it." ”
雷木单膝曲起，但笑不语。 Raimu bent on one knee, but smiled silently.
王叶侧看雷木，只觉得他的木木帅呆了！就连他嘴角勾起的弧度都酷得要命。
Wang Ye looked at Lei Mu sideways, and only felt that his Mu Mu was handsome! Even the curvature of the corners of his mouth is terrifyingly cool.
“聪明的孩子容易走错路，而往往给世间带来极大危害的超级大反派都是比正派聪明得多、也杰出得多的超级天才。这种人如果想要做什么，他们造成的危害往往也极为可怕。师父们有你这样的弟子，他们既骄傲，也在时刻担心，他们怕把你教坏，怕你走上邪路，怕起个坏榜样，怕浪费你的资质，所以他们无形中也会对你特别严厉。”雷木看着远方，慢悠悠地说道。
"Smart kids tend to go the wrong way, and the supervillains who often bring great harm to the world are super-geniuses who are much smarter and more brilliant than the decent ones. If such people want to do something, the harm they cause is often extremely terrible. Masters have disciples like you, they are both proud and always worried, they are afraid of teaching you badly, they are afraid that you will go down the wrong path, they are afraid of setting a bad example, they are afraid of wasting your qualifications, so they will be very strict with you invisibly. Lei Mu looked into the distance and said slowly.
王叶抿了抿嘴唇，低低地道：“我知道。” Wang Ye pursed his lips and said in a low voice, "I know." ”
“他们爱你。” "They love you."
“嗯。”王叶眼角漾出了一点笑意。 "Hmm." A little smile appeared in the corner of Wang Ye's eyes.
“而他们也知道你爱他们。” "And they know you love them."
“哼。”这次王叶嘴角也弯了起来。 "Hmph." This time, the corners of Wang Ye's mouth also curved.
“为了他们，你也要掩饰好自己的本性。”雷木这样说道。
"For their sake, you have to hide your true nature." Remu said.
王叶哈地一声把手搭在了雷木的肩膀上：“木木，你可真了解我。”
Wang Yehadi put his hand on Lei Mu's shoulder: "Mu Mu, you really know me. ”
雷木莞尔。他确实了解王叶，就像师父们也逐渐摸清了王叶的性情一样。
Thunder Muwaner. He did understand Wang Ye, just as the masters gradually figured out Wang Ye's temperament.
没有哪个才十岁的孩子就能想出这么一个卷入无数人的计谋，还把那些潜伏不知多久多深的问题者揪出了七七八八，更打算把这些人一网打尽，一个都不打算放过。
No child who is only ten years old can come up with such a scheme that involves countless people, and he has also found out those who have been lurking for an unknown amount of time and depth, and he plans to wipe out all these people, and he does not intend to let any of them go.
而且为了揪出这些人，王叶卷入了更多人。 And in order to find out these people, Wang Ye involved more people.
虽然王叶说了他有保证这些人安全的方法，但旋风带中到底是个什么情况，谁也不了解，弄不好这些报名者很可能大半都会出危险。
Although Wang Ye said that he had a way to ensure the safety of these people, no one knew what was going on in the whirlwind belt, and most of these applicants were likely to be in danger.
王叶不明白这点吗？ Doesn't Wang Ye understand this?
他明白，可他还是做了。 He understood, but he did it anyway.
师父们和他都知道这是王叶保护他们、保护陨星的方式，可是这种隐藏在玩乐中的狠厉和决绝，让师父们害怕了。
Both the masters and he knew that this was Wang Ye's way of protecting them and protecting the meteor, but this kind of ruthlessness and determination hidden in the fun made the masters afraid.
在知道王叶做了什么、并且安排了什么，甚至把后续计划都一套套地准备好后，师父们就没有真正笑出来过。
After knowing what Wang Ye had done, what he had arranged, and even prepared the follow-up plans one by one, the masters never really laughed.
虽然师父们不知道王叶的真实心理年龄，都以为他还是个才十岁的孩子。
Although the masters didn't know Wang Ye's true mental age, they all thought that he was still a ten-year-old child.
但不论是多大的年龄，能准备这么一份计划，都能称得上是心思慎密、心狠手辣！
But no matter how old you are, being able to prepare such a plan can be called cautious and ruthless!
师父们今天借题发挥，其实也是害怕他们这个宝贝徒弟的心性出问题，担心他为了达成目的不择手段。
The masters are actually afraid that their precious apprentice's heart will have problems, and they are worried that he will do whatever it takes to achieve his goals.
但雷木知道，哪怕是为了师父们和家里的老老小小，小叶子也不会变成一个为达目的不择手段的人。
But Lei Mu knew that even if it was for the sake of the masters and the old and young in the family, Xiao Yezi would not become an unscrupulous person to achieve his goals.
师父们对小叶子付出了爱和关心，小叶子也会同样回以同等甚至更多的爱和关心。他和小叶子相处了这么长时间，他坚信这一点。
The masters have given love and care to Xiao Yezi, and Xiao Ye will return the same or even more love and care. He has been with Xiao Yezi for so long, and he firmly believes this.
王叶心情很好，他拿出了二胡。 Wang Ye was in a good mood, and he took out the erhu.
可雷木却没有给他发挥的机会，伸手拉起他：“走了，放风时间结束。”
But Lei Mu didn't give him a chance to play, and stretched out his hand to pull him up: "Let's go, the wind time is over." ”
王叶翻个白眼，收起二胡，拉住雷木，身体往下一倒，两人一起从高高的高塔上摔了下去。
Wang Ye rolled his eyes, put away his erhu, grabbed Lei Mu, his body fell down, and the two fell from the high tower together.
半空响起了王叶的大笑声。 Wang Ye's loud laughter sounded in the air.
雷木干脆拉着他在空中玩高难度飞行杂技。这小混蛋哪里是多活了一世，内心根本就是个没长大的缺爱孩子，还喜欢炫，但雷木却跟着笑了起来。
Remu simply dragged him in the air to play difficult flying acrobatics. Where did this little bastard live one more life, and he was a loveless child who hadn't grown up at all, and he liked to show off, but Lei Mu laughed along.
王叶乐得不行，笑声传出老远。 Wang Ye was so happy that the laughter spread far away.
金宝在虫巢里看得妒忌死了，也想出去和两个爸爸玩，但小叶子爸爸就是不让他出去，说怕保护不了他。哼！都是借口！
Jinbao was jealous in the hive, and wanted to go out to play with his two fathers, but Xiaoyezi's father just wouldn't let him go out, saying that he was afraid that he wouldn't be able to protect him. Hum! It's all excuses!
虫老透过窗子看到外面开心无比在玩飞翔杂技的徒弟，摇摇头。
The worm elder looked through the window and shook his head when he saw the apprentice who was happily playing flying acrobatics outside.
“还是个小孩子，慢慢教吧。而且一个重情的孩子，再狠又能狠到哪里呢？”兰道十分乐观地道。
"I'm still a child, let's teach it slowly. And a child who is affectionate, no matter how ruthless he is, how ruthless can he be? Landau was very optimistic.
“只怕他心里只有他认可的人，其他人在他眼里……”虫老嘴巴上不说，但他心里却十分欣赏和赞成王叶的行动力。
"I'm afraid that he only has people he approves of in his heart, and others ...... in his eyes" The old worm didn't say anything, but he appreciated and approved of Wang Ye's action in his heart.
虽然他们没有一个人知道王叶到底是怎么弄到了那份名单……也许和他的预知能力有关吧，但他们验证的结果证明，王叶那份名单没有半点问题，那上面的人没有一个无辜。
Although none of them knew how Wang Ye got that list...... Maybe it had something to do with his ability to predict, but the results of their verification proved that there was nothing wrong with Wang Ye's list, and none of the people on it were innocent.
甚至在虫老看来，为了让那些人相信这次探险活动，让他们心甘情愿地报名，王叶连带卷入那么多人也情有可原。
Even in the eyes of the insect elder, in order to convince those people of this expedition and make them sign up willingly, it is understandable that Wang Ye was involved in so many people.
如果那些问题者能在这次探险中全都被解决掉，就是那些连带卷入的人，包括他们，全都牺牲，那也是值得的。因为那牵涉到的不是一个陨星魔法学校，也不是一个裂隙战场，而是整个双月星！
If those who have problems can be solved in this expedition, even those who are involved, including them, will be sacrificed, it will be worth it. Because what is involved is not a Meteorite Magic School, nor a rift battlefield, but the entire Twin Moon Stars!
但这话虫老永远都不会和王叶说，相反他还要不断敲打这个徒弟。
But the worm elder would never say this to Wang Ye, on the contrary, he would keep beating this apprentice.
兰道笑：“不怕，只要他心里有在乎的人就可以。他在乎的人也有在乎的人，一个拴一个，那孩子有他的底线。”
Lan Dao smiled: "Don't be afraid, as long as he has someone he cares about in his heart." The people he cares about also have the people he cares about, one is tied to the other, and that kid has his bottom line. ”
虫老轻哼，但他的神情却变得轻松许多。 The worm elder snorted softly, but his expression became much more relaxed.
他也许应该该更相信那孩子一些，也应该相信他身边的人对他的影响。
Perhaps he should have trusted the boy more, and he should have trusted the influence of the people around him.
接下来王叶度过了来到裂隙战场最平静的一段时间。 Next, Wang Ye spent the calmest period of time when he came to the rift battlefield.
这也是他事先万万没有想到的，他以为进入旋风带以后不说危险重重，肯定也是紧张刺激，每时每刻都不得安心。
This is also something he never expected in advance, he thought that after entering the whirlwind belt, not to mention the danger, it must also be tense and exciting, and he could not feel at ease at every moment.
可谁想他在这里竟然过起了比上学还像上学的日子。 But who would have thought that he would live a life here that was more like school than school.
每天固定四小时学习塔塔拉族的语言和基础知识，其他时间则分给了师父们布置给他的课程，炼体同样也不能停。晚上必须睡眠七小时，师父们对他的休息时间也盯得很紧。
Four hours a day were set to study the Tatara language and basics, and the rest of the time was allocated to the lessons assigned to him by the masters, and the practice could not be stopped. He had to sleep for seven hours at night, and the masters kept an eye on his rest time.
雷木和他同样。 Remu is the same as him.
王叶甚至没去问名单上的问题者处理得如何，他心安理得把一切麻烦都交给了长辈们，认认真真当一个小学生。
Wang Ye didn't even ask how the people on the list handled it, he calmly handed over all the troubles to the elders, and took it seriously as a primary school student.
塔塔拉族的基础知识虽然和地球和双月星都不一样，但默林安排的解说非常通俗易懂，王叶的精神力也足够强大，而且毕竟是塔塔拉族幼儿学习的最基础知识，理解起来并不是十分困难，只要把自己从固定思维中脱离出来。
Although the basic knowledge of the Tatara tribe is different from that of the earth and the twin moon stars, the explanation arranged by Merlin is very easy to understand, and Wang Ye's spiritual power is strong enough, and after all, it is the most basic knowledge learned by Tatara children, and it is not very difficult to understand, as long as you get rid of your fixed thinking.
王叶在学习塔塔拉族知识的时候，发现了一个很有意思的现象，那就是他鉴定术附带的百科全书竟然新开了一本，用来专门记录塔塔拉族的知识。
When Wang Ye was learning the knowledge of the Tatara people, he found a very interesting phenomenon, that is, the encyclopedia attached to his identification technique actually opened a new book to record the knowledge of the Tatara people.
王叶一看百科全书能记录，他立刻开始扫荡塔塔拉族的所有知识，只要默林开放给他的，他也不管懂不懂，先全都记录了下来。
As soon as Wang Ye saw that the encyclopedia could record it, he immediately began to sweep up all the knowledge of the Tatara tribe, as long as Merlin opened it to him, he didn't care whether he understood it or not, he recorded it all first.
他尤其对塔塔拉族的医药学特别感兴趣，因为他看到了基因优化药剂、身体强化药剂、记忆增强药剂这一类传说中的黑科技药物。还有与双月星比较类似的疗伤药剂、精神力补充和修复药剂等等。
He was particularly interested in Tatara medicine, as he saw the legendary black technology drugs such as genetic optimization drugs, body enhancement drugs, and memory enhancement drugs. There are also healing potions, mental power replenishment and repair potions that are similar to those of the Double Moon Star, and so on.
不过塔塔拉族的这些药剂使用的药材都是塔塔拉星才有，想要在双月星和地球找到代替物，恐怕还得花一番功夫。
However, the medicinal materials used in these potions of the Tatara clan are all unique to the Tatara Star, and if you want to find a substitute for the Twin Moon Star and the Earth, I am afraid it will take a lot of effort.
但王叶在塔塔拉族的知识海洋中找到了一条捷径，他看到了塔塔拉族的药材知识大全，这本大全详细介绍了所有药材的药性和成分构成。
But Wang Ye found a shortcut in the sea of knowledge of the Tatara people, and he saw the Tatara people's knowledge of medicinal materials, which detailed the medicinal properties and composition of all medicinal materials.
有了这本大全，王叶寻找替代物的难度就缩减了一半。 With this book, Wang Ye's difficulty in finding a replacement has been reduced by half.
塔塔拉族还有非常先进的药物分析仪器，虽然王叶跟疯药王学习了草药辨认术，但如果能得到这台药物分析仪，对他也会有一定帮助。
The Tatara people also have very advanced drug analysis instruments, although Wang Ye learned herbal identification techniques from the Mad Medicine King, but if he can get this drug analyzer, it will also help him to a certain extent.
可惜默林虽然友善，但并不是败家子，他要求王叶想要什么，就必须给出等价值的交易物。
It's a pity that although Merlin is friendly, he is not a loser, and he asks Wang Ye to give him a transaction of equal value if he wants something.
而被王叶看中的那台功能很齐全的药物分析仪真的很贵很贵，默林要求用一个完整的知识体系换取，比如卷轴知识一到九级，他也没要十级，大概也知道要不到。
And the very full-featured drug analyzer that Wang Ye took a fancy to was really expensive, and Merlin asked for a complete knowledge system in exchange, such as scroll knowledge from level one to nine, and he didn't want level ten, and probably didn't know that he could get it.
这样的代价，王叶自然付不出来，也不想付。可普通的分析仪他也不想要，因为较低级的功能，他自己的草药辨认术就够用。
Wang Ye naturally couldn't pay such a price, and he didn't want to pay it. But he didn't want an ordinary analyzer either, because of the lower-level functions, his own herb identification technique was enough.
默林大概也不怎么想卖这台分析仪，连诱惑都没怎么诱惑，看王叶拿不出合适的价格，就跑了，就好像生怕王叶纠缠一样。
Merlin probably didn't want to sell this analyzer very much, and he didn't even tempt much, seeing that Wang Ye couldn't get the right price, he ran away, as if he was afraid that Wang Ye would be entangled.
另外，王叶还对塔塔拉族的治疗仪和治疗舱也十分感兴趣，他暗搓搓地让雷木主要接触和学习这方面的知识，最好能学会怎么制作。
In addition, Wang Ye was also very interested in the Tatara Clan's healing instruments and healing cabins, and he secretly asked Lei Mu to mainly contact and learn this knowledge, and it was best to learn how to make them.
雷木虽然不认为默林会大方到这种程度，但也答应会尽量学习相关的基础知识。
Although Lei Mu didn't think Merlin would be generous to this extent, he also promised to learn the basics as much as possible.
王叶也在注意收集这方面的知识，但默林给他们开放基础知识学习的时间只有三十天，他只能专精一门，其他的只能先记载到百科全书上。
Wang Ye was also paying attention to collecting this knowledge, but Merlin gave them only thirty days to learn the basic knowledge, and he could only specialize in one subject, and the others could only be recorded in the encyclopedia first.
除此之外，还有一件让王叶比较在意的事情，那就是系统布置给他的两个任务，除了第一个找出飞船来历，宣布他完成了，奖励了他一万点经验值，另一个任务“帮助雷木进入真正的觉醒阶段”，却至今没有完成的苗头。
In addition, there is another thing that Wang Ye cares about, that is, the two tasks assigned to him by the system, in addition to the first one to find out the origin of the spaceship, announce that he has completed it, and reward him with 10,000 experience points, and the other task "Help Lei Mu enter the real awakening stage", but there are no signs of completion so far.
王叶再次细看雷木的这个任务内容，在看到“帮助守墓人雷木找寻回自己的童年和少年时期记忆”这句话时，他不禁想到，会不会雷木至今为止并没有回忆起全部记忆？
Wang Ye looked at the content of Lei Mu's mission again, and when he saw the sentence "Help the grave keeper Lei Mu find his childhood and teenage memories", he couldn't help but think, could it be that Lei Mu has not recalled all his memories so far?
而且他非常在意守墓人这几个字，为什么系统会不断强调雷木的守墓人身份？
And he cares a lot about the words grave keeper, why does the system keep emphasizing Lei Mu's identity as a grave keeper?
难道那个撒家墓地还有其他秘密？ Could it be that there are other secrets in that Sajia cemetery?
而雷木记忆被封锁，到底是因为他自身的原因，还是和那个默林有关？
And Thunderwood's memory is blocked, is it because of his own reasons, or is it related to that Merlin?
王叶现在特别想要联系撒尔曼大帝，这位肯定最清楚撒家墓地到底是个什么情况。
Wang Ye now especially wanted to contact the Sahrman Great, who must know best what the situation was in the Sajia cemetery.
而且这位遇到雷木的地方也是撒家墓地，换言之，这位哪儿不去，却几次跑到家族墓地，这对一位帝王来说本身也是一件足够古怪的事情不是吗？
And the place where this person met Lei Mu is also the cemetery of the Sajia family, in other words, this one didn't go anywhere, but he ran to the family cemetery several times, which is a strange enough thing for an emperor in itself, isn't it?
之前王叶压根就没有想到这些细节，可现在事情关系到雷木，他就想得细致多了。
Wang Ye hadn't thought of these details at all before, but now that the matter was related to Lei Mu, he thought about it much more carefully.
可惜，他现在无法联系上那位大帝。
对了，他可以问问兰道师父，说不定兰道师父知道什么。
By the way, he can ask Master Landau, maybe Master Landau knows something.
兰道看着做贼一样找到他，非要跟他说悄悄话的王小叶，不由好笑：“到底什么事？这么鬼鬼祟祟的？”
Lan Dao looked at Wang Xiaoye, who found him like a thief and had to whisper to him, and couldn't help laughing: "What the hell is going on?" So sneaky? ”
王叶坦言：“这飞船到处都瞒不过默林的眼睛，我不想让他知道我们都说了什么。”
Wang Ye said frankly: "This spaceship can't hide Merlin's eyes everywhere, and I don't want him to know what we said." ”
兰道拿出卷轴布置了一个结界：“放心，我保证就是圣级也没办法听到我们说什么。”
Lan Dao took out the scroll and laid out an enchantment: "Don't worry, I promise that even the holy level will not be able to hear what we say." ”
“我想知道撒家墓地的事情。”王叶开门见山。
兰道连皱眉都能牵动人心，可惜王叶全无感觉，他对他师父这张脸已经近乎免疫，而且只要一想到这是他哥们的爹，王叶就连欣赏和开玩笑的心情都没了。
Landau can even frown to move people's hearts, but unfortunately Wang Ye has no feeling at all, he is almost immune to his master's face, and as long as he thinks that this is his buddy's father, Wang Ye doesn't even have the mood to appreciate and joke.
“雷木没有告诉你？”兰道问。 "Remu didn't tell you?" Landau asked.
“他跟我说了，但是他知道的也不多。反而是那个默林跟我说了很多。”王叶丝毫没有帮撒家隐瞒秘密的意思，他把默林给他看的壁画内容和跟他说的撒家墓地的事，全告诉了兰道。
"He told me, but he didn't know much. Instead, that Merlin told me a lot. Wang Ye didn't mean to help the Sajia hide the secret, he told Landau all the contents of the murals that Merlin showed him and the things he told him about the Sajia cemetery.
兰道震惊，过了好一会儿才说道：“撒家墓地竟然和塔塔拉族扯上了关系，怪不得撒家人除了国王都不长命。”
Landau was shocked, and after a long while, he said: "The Sajia cemetery is actually related to the Tatara clan, no wonder the Sajia family does not live long except for the king." ”
“哎？”这次换王叶震惊了。除了国王都不长命，那雷木呢？
"Huh?" This time Wang Ye was shocked. Except for the king, he doesn't live long, so what about Remu?
兰道知道王叶在想什么，摆手道：“雷木情况特殊，也许不会受撒家血脉影响。”
Lan Dao knew what Wang Ye was thinking, and waved his hand and said, "Lei Mu's situation is special, maybe it won't be affected by the Sajia bloodline. ”
王叶急：“师父，你先说说你对撒家墓地都知道些什么，为什么撒家人除了国王都不长命？”
Wang Ye anxious: "Master, first tell me what you know about the Sajia cemetery, why don't the Sajia family live long except for the king?" ”
兰道拍拍徒弟，让他不要着急：“我曾经听撒尔曼跟我提起过一次他的家族墓地，但当时他喝得有点多，说话也有些颠三倒四，我当时以为他就是在胡扯。”
Landau patted his apprentice and told him not to worry: "I once heard Salman tell me about his family cemetery once, but at that time he drank a little too much and spoke a little inverted, I thought he was talking nonsense. ”
王叶眼睛亮了：“胡扯也行，那位大帝说什么了？” Wang Ye's eyes lit up: "It's okay to talk nonsense, what did the emperor say?" ”
兰道回忆：“我记得他跟我说，因为第一代国王和光之魔契约，以献祭家族血脉的生命力为代价，换取他的超凡能力增强和寿命的延长。而银月帝国还是王国时的第一位国王确实活了很长时间，他也是传说中的人物，因为他活得比一般超凡者都长，他大约活了四百多年。而一般九级超凡者最多只能活两三百岁。”
Landau recalled: "I remember him telling me that because the first king made a pact with the Demon of Light, in exchange for the life force of the family's bloodline, in exchange for the enhancement of his supernatural abilities and the extension of his lifespan. And the first king of the Silver Moon Empire when he was still a kingdom did live for a long time, and he was also a legendary figure, because he lived longer than the average transcendent, he lived for about four hundred years. And the average ninth-level transcendent can only live for two or three hundred years at most. ”
兰道又道：“除了国王以外，撒家血脉确实寿命都不长，你看撒尔曼父亲那一辈的人，几乎没有一个活到现在，就是撒尔曼的亲兄弟们也没有一个活到现在。而撒家的下一代也都身体不太好，除了雷木。”
Landau added: "Except for the king, the Saman bloodline does not live long, you see that almost none of the people of Salman's father's generation have survived to this day, even none of Salman's own brothers have survived to this day." And the next generation of the Sa family is also not in good health, except for Lei Mu. ”
“还有呢？”王叶总觉得自己忽略了什么，到底是什么？
"What else?" Wang Ye always felt that he had overlooked something, what was it?
兰道：“我当时问他，如果所有撒家后代都短命，那为什么他还能活得好好的？撒尔曼告诉我，如果能成为王位继承者，在登上王位后一定要去一趟家族墓地，在那里可以重新拿回自己应有的寿命，甚而得到更多。”
Landau: "I asked him at the time, if all the descendants of the Saga family are short-lived, then why can he still live well?" Salman told me that if I could become an heir to the throne, I would have to go to the family cemetery when I ascended to the throne, where I could regain my rightful life and even more. ”
王叶盯着兰道。 Wang Ye stared at Landau.
兰道摊手：“没有了，他说完这段可能发现自己透露了不该透露的，就开始胡说八道，让我以为他就是喝醉了在胡扯。”
Landau spread his hands: "No, after he finished this paragraph, he may find that he revealed something that should not be revealed, and began to talk nonsense, making me think that he was just drunk and talking nonsense." ”
而那些胡说八道全是称赞他美貌的，他当然不可能说给王叶听。
And all that nonsense is to praise his beauty, of course he can't tell Wang Ye.
王叶摸下巴，如果撒尔曼大帝和兰道师父说的内容属实，那么那个默林看来还是对他隐瞒了某些关键信息。
Wang Ye touched his chin, if what Emperor Salman and Master Landau said was true, then that Merlin seemed to be hiding some key information from him.
就在王叶考虑要不要去找默林摊牌，逼出更多关于撒家墓地的秘密时。
Just when Wang Ye was considering whether to go to Merlin for a showdown and force out more secrets about the Sajia cemetery.
飞船外面。 Outside the spaceship.
眼看第一批探索者在靠近飞船后失踪已经足足十天。 It's been ten days since the first explorers disappeared after approaching the spacecraft.
魔法列车中的探险者们很多人都按捺不住了，就算有裂隙战场的管理人员出来劝说，但这些探险者仍旧分成了几支队伍，他们暗中商讨，各有各的打算。
Many of the explorers in the magic train couldn't hold back, even if the managers of the rift battlefield came out to persuade them, these explorers were still divided into several teams, and they secretly discussed, each with their own plans.
没有人想要退出，敢参加这支探险团的人实力都很不错，也都不是胆小怕事的性子，他们为了实力、为了资源，也敢于冒险。
No one wants to quit, and the people who dare to participate in this expedition are very good, and they are not timid and afraid, they also dare to take risks for the sake of strength and resources.
陨星的人却很稳，因为上面的大佬们都特别稳。 The people of the meteorite are very stable, because the big guys above are very stable.
而上面的大佬们之所以稳当，是因为他们一直都能收到虫老他们的消息。
And the reason why the big guys above are stable is because they have always received news from the worm elders.
这天，车内闹腾的人终于闹到了车长这边，要求车长把列车开向那光之飞船。
On this day, the people in the car finally made trouble with the captain and asked the captain to drive the train to the spaceship of light.
车长没动，看向陨星的三位圣级老怪物。 The commander didn't move, looking at the three saint-level old monsters of the falling star.
三大佬之一站出来，冷冰冰地说道：“我们学校的小叶子答应所有参团人员，只要你们听指挥，就能把你们安全地带回去。现在他人还没有回来，我们也没有收到新的消息，但这点已经在他最初的预料之中，他曾跟我们说过，如果他三十天都毫无消息传回，那么就让单天行使用藏宝图，让车长操纵这辆列车，由我们负责保护，把大家送出旋风带。”
One of the three bosses stood up and said coldly: "Xiao Yezi of our school promised all the participants that as long as you listen to the command, you can be brought back safely." Now the others have not returned, and we have not received any new news, but this is already expected by him, and he has told us that if he does not hear back for thirty days, then let Shan Tianxing use the treasure map, let the conductor control the train, and let us protect and send everyone out of the whirlwind. ”
有人发出讽刺的笑声，低声说：“那小孩的预料之中？明明就是你们陨星在后面操纵，他一个小孩子懂什么！”
Someone let out a sarcastic laugh and whispered, "What did the kid expect?" It's obviously your meteorite who is manipulating it from behind, what does he know as a child! ”
还有人说：“你们陨星是不是想要把我们都留在这里，你们自己却暗中拿到了全部好处？”
Someone else said, "Are you meteors trying to keep us all here, while you yourself are secretly getting all the benefits?" ”
那位大佬当即冷笑，非常不客气地道：“该说的我都已经说了。不想听指挥，那么你们随时都可以自由行动，但车内发生的一切，都会被魔影石录制下来，以后如果你们有什么事，别说是我们没有做到承诺。现在谁想去探险，请！”
The big guy immediately sneered and said very unceremoniously: "I have already said everything that should be said." If you don't want to listen to the command, then you can move freely at any time, but everything that happens in the car will be recorded by the Shadow Stone, and if you have anything in the future, don't say that we didn't fulfill our promises. Now who wants to go on an adventure, please! ”
这个“请”字可没有半点感情。 The word "please" is not emotional.
一扇车门无声无息地打开，这真的是让车中人随时都能离开。
A car door opens silently, which really allows the occupants of the car to leave at any time.
人是很奇怪的，你越是不让他做什么，他就越是想要做什么。但你反过来越是让他做什么，他也许又会退缩了。
People are very strange, the more you don't let him do anything, the more he wants to do something. But the more you ask him to do something, the more he may back down.
现在车内众人就处在这么一个非常矛盾的状态下，他们想要富贵险中求，想要去不远处的光之兽或光之飞船中探险和寻求资源，可他们又担心里面有什么可怕的危险，毕竟第一批去探索的人，除了王叶和雷木这两个，其他人都是高手乃至圣级大佬，可这些人一个都没能回来，也没传回任何信息。
Now the people in the car are in such a very contradictory state, they want to seek wealth and danger, and they want to explore and seek resources in the beast of light or the spaceship of light not far away, but they are worried about what terrible dangers are inside, after all, the first batch of people to explore, except for Wang Ye and Lei Mu, the others are all masters and even saint-level bosses, but none of these people have been able to come back, nor have they sent back any information.
这也是绝大多数人都不知道王叶已经达到八级实力，否则他们会更惊讶。
This is also because the vast majority of people don't know that Wang Ye has reached the eighth level of strength, otherwise they will be even more surprised.
“有召唤系的人吗？我们可以试试让召唤灵物去试探看看。”有人提议。
心疼自家召唤宝宝的人的召唤系很不高兴，当场怼：“凭什么就要我们的战斗伙伴去试探？它们的命就不是命了？谁想去谁就自己去，反正我打算听团长指挥！”
The summoning department of the person who felt sorry for his own summoning baby was very unhappy, and scolded on the spot: "Why do you want our combat partners to test it?" Is their life not their life? Whoever wants to go will go by himself, anyway, I plan to listen to the command of the regiment commander! ”
说话的人不傻，陨星那么多人都留在列车中，要说用这么多人做幌子，有必要吗？
那对兄弟既然敢带这么多人，只要有一分可能，也不可能一点汤都不给别人喝，除非那光之飞船中真的非常危险。
Since the brothers dared to bring so many people, as long as there was a possibility, it was impossible not to give any soup to others to drink, unless it was really very dangerous in the spaceship of light.
那么他们就更不应该去冒险了。乖乖等在这里，反正有吃有喝还安全，为什么不继续等等看？
Then they shouldn't take any chances. Wait here, it's safe to eat and drink anyway, why don't you continue to wait and see?
最终，只有十来个人组成了第二支探索队伍，接近光之飞船。
而这批人在靠近构成光兽的光点后，也像被吸入一样消失了。
And after approaching the point of light that made up the light beast, this group of people also disappeared as if they had been sucked in.
又是五天过去，这次终于有信息传回，是有人发出了求救信息，可信息只有一半，只说危险，让人去救他，又警告大家都赶紧离开。但有什么危险，传递消息回来的人并没有详说。
因为传递消息回来的人是第二批探索者之一，而且不是陨星人，是裂隙战场的一名中层管理人员，车中众人对此人传回的消息深信不疑。
Because the person who delivered the news back was one of the second group of explorers, and he was not a meteorite, but a middle-level manager of the Rift Battlefield, everyone in the car was convinced of the news that this person had sent back.
那么接下来到底是留还是走，是继续探险还是继续等待，就成了列车众人争吵的话题。
陨星人很干脆，他们表明如果没有小叶子他们传回的信息，他们一定会在原地等待三十天。同样，在不确定那艘飞船中到底有什么危险之前，他们也不会轻易靠近那艘光之飞船。
The meteorites were very simple, and they showed that if it weren't for the information that Xiaoye sent back, they would definitely wait in place for thirty days. Similarly, they wouldn't easily approach the ship of light until they were sure what the danger was in that ship.
有人觉得这次探险相当于是白来了，998枚二级魔晶也白花了。
Some people feel that this expedition is equivalent to coming in vain, and 998 second-level magic crystals have also been spent in vain.
但当场就有陨星人怼回去：“白花？白来？如果你们不来一趟，能知道这里有什么？就算回去的人说给你听，你会相信？那光兽你能想象得出来？至今有进无出的能量旋风带风眼中的独特风景，你不但看到了，还能安全离开回家，就这一趟，你说不值得？你知不知道如果这消息传到双月星，会有多少人想要替代你？”
“更何况就这么点费用，我们小叶子还保证你们进出旋风眼都平平安安，就问谁能做到？你给别人998枚二级魔晶，你看他愿不愿意带你进，还带你出！”
陨星人说得太有理，其他人连反驳都反驳不出来。
大概是进来的太平顺，而且到现在为止都没有碰上什么危险，才会让大家产生“能量旋风带也不过如此”之感，可回想以前，进入旋风带的人有谁出去过？
哔哔这趟白来的人没有了，但列车众人也越来越焦躁，他们就像是一群饿了十多天的饥民，明明不远处就有一桌大餐等着他们，他们却只能看不能吃，真的是太折磨人了。
There are no people who have come for nothing this time, but the people on the train are getting more and more anxious, they are like a group of hungry people who have been hungry for more than ten days, obviously there is a big meal waiting for them not far away, but they can only watch but not eat, it is really too torturous.
进入旋风眼第二十天。 Enter the twentieth day of the eye of the whirlwind.
王叶思考再三，到底没有立刻去找默林摊牌，他现在还需要这个默林和他们合作，不能冒着逼他翻脸或反过来找他们麻烦的危险。
Wang Ye thought about it again and again, after all, he didn't immediately go to Merlin for a showdown, he still needed this Merlin to cooperate with them now, and he couldn't risk forcing him to turn his face or trouble them in turn.
王叶几次跟雷木聊天，不断试探，但雷木似乎都没有发现他的记忆还有哪里缺失，这让王叶决定还是去找那个默林谈谈。不过要换一种方式。
Wang Ye chatted with Lei Mu several times, constantly probing, but Lei Mu didn't seem to find anything missing from his memory, which made Wang Ye decide to talk to that Merlin. But in a different way.
正好疯药王对那个塔塔拉族的研究已经有了一些头绪，而他每天抽出一点时间治疗那名塔塔拉族的大脑也终于见到了一点成效。
It just so happened that the Mad Medicine King already had some clue about the Tatara tribe's research, and he had finally seen some results by taking a little time out of his day to treat the Tatara tribe's brain.
王叶打算把那名开始好转的塔塔拉人交给默林。 Wang Ye planned to hand over the Tatara man, who was starting to get better, to Merlin.
而默林之所以同意和虫老他们合作，也愿意开放塔塔拉族的基础知识给王叶，也是因为他认为王叶或者他的师父们掌握了某些拯救他们塔塔拉族的关键信息。
And the reason why Merlin agreed to cooperate with the Worm Elder and them, and was willing to open up the basic knowledge of the Tatara tribe to Wang Ye, was also because he believed that Wang Ye or his masters had some key information to save their Tatara tribe.
除此之外，他帮助双月星人收拾那些问题者，也是在帮助他们塔塔拉族自身。
In addition, he is helping the Twin Moon Stars to clean up those who have problems, and he is also helping the Tatara themselves.
因为这些人和瘤背怪合作了。 Because these people have cooperated with the tumorback.
这些或被夺舍、或被替代、或有其他原因背叛自己家乡和人民的人，竟然想配合瘤背怪除掉一批双月星高层，再谋求树人族的尸体和活的幼小树人，以及一众活的天才。而代价则是双月星人全部退出浮空岛，并保证不再攻打瘤背怪。
These people, who have been taken away, replaced, or betrayed their hometown and people for other reasons, actually want to cooperate with the Tumor Back Monster to get rid of a group of high-ranking people of the Twin Moon Stars, and then seek the corpses of the Treants and the living young Treants, as well as a group of living geniuses. The price is that all the Twin Moon Stars will withdraw from the Floating Island, and promise not to attack the Tumorback Monster again.
默林一心想要夺回塔塔拉星球的一部分，也是那座浮空岛，如果不是这个原因，他早就用飞船最厉害的武器攻击那座浮空岛。
Merlin was bent on reclaiming part of the planet Tatara, which was also the floating island, and if it weren't for this reason, he would have attacked the floating island with the most powerful weapon of the ship.
而当初双月星人就是因为答应他会帮他保留和夺回这座浮空岛，那些双月星人也才没有使用特别暴烈的手段直接炸毁这座浮空岛。
And it was because the Twin Moon Star People promised him that they would help him keep and recapture this floating island, and those Double Moon Star People did not use particularly violent means to directly blow up this floating island.
可现在竟然有一部分双月星人想要把浮空岛拱手让给那群寄生虫和瘤背怪？
But now there are some of the Twin Moon Stars who want to give up the floating island to those parasites and tumorbacks?
默林怎么能忍！ How could Merlin endure it!
不能忍的默林和虫老他们配合愉快，把那些问题者一个个分开，给他们制造幻境，让虫老他们分而除之。
Merlin, who couldn't bear it, cooperated happily with the insect elders, separating those who had problems one by one, creating illusions for them, and letting the insect elders separate them.
树人族在知道这些背叛者竟然想要得到他们树人的尸体和幼小树人后，对这些人下手就特别狠。
Knowing that these betrayers wanted to get their hands on the corpses and young treants, the Treants were particularly ruthless with these people.
第294章 金宝立功 Chapter 294: Jinbao Meritorious Service
王叶刚要去找默林，就听到虫巢里传来了疯药王撕心裂肺般的惨叫声，还有小云也在叫。
As soon as Wang Ye was about to go to find Merlin, he heard the heart-rending screams of the Mad Medicine King coming from the worm nest, and Xiao Yun was also screaming.
王叶顾不得会不会被默林发现，立刻闪身进入虫巢。 Wang Ye didn't care if he would be discovered by Merlin, and immediately dodged into the hive.
“发生了什么事？”王叶一把抓住急得团团转的小云。 "What happened?" Wang Ye grabbed the anxious little cloud.
小云哭丧着树脸，伸手指向疯药王……身边的金宝。 Xiaoyun cried and mourned, and stretched out his hand to point at the Mad Medicine King...... Jinbao by your side.
疯药王围着金宝不住喊叫。 The Mad Medicine King couldn't stop shouting around Jinbao.
金宝甩了甩尾巴，一脸茫然。 Jinbao flicked his tail, looking dazed.
王叶又把小光它们叫过来询问，才知道到底发生了什么事。
Wang Ye called Xiaoguang and the others over again to inquire, and only then did he know what was going on.
原来，这事关系到了那枚从瘤背怪大脑中取出的种子。 It turned out that it was about the seed that was taken out of the brain of the tumorback.
王叶在取出那枚种子后，就交给了疯药王研究。 After Wang Ye took out the seed, he handed it over to the Mad Medicine King for study.
因为是种子嘛，疯药王在拿这枚种子无可奈何后，今天突然奇想，也是为了找寻灵感，就把小云找来了，把种子给他看。
Because it was a seed, after the Mad Medicine King was helpless to take this seed, he suddenly had a whim today, and in order to find inspiration, he found Xiaoyun and showed him the seed.
小云还没有看出所以然，因为这玩意会爆炸，大家都很小心。
Xiaoyun hasn't seen the reason yet, because this thing will explode, and everyone is very careful.
结果金宝那个小调皮看到那枚种子后竟然口水直流，不跟其他人商量，冲上去就把那枚种子给吞了……
As a result, Jinbao's little naughty little naughty saw the seed, and his mouth watered, and without consulting the others, he rushed up and swallowed the seed......
王叶按住额头，气得青筋崩起，一把揪住金宝的尾巴把他提了起来。
Wang Ye pressed his forehead, his muscles collapsed in anger, and he grabbed Jinbao's tail and lifted him up.
“叽叽？皮卡叽？呜呜叽？”金宝抗议，不准揪我的尾巴啦，就算你是小叶子爸爸也不可以叽！
"Twitter? Pickup? Woohoo? "Jinbao protests, don't pull my tail, even if you're Xiaoyezi's father, you can't tuckle!
“你这个……你知道你吃了什么吗？”王叶一边痛骂，一边迅速给金宝输入生生不息的因果之力给他做检查。
"You ...... Do you know what you ate? Wang Ye scolded bitterly, and quickly injected the endless power of cause and effect into Jinbao to check him.
可无论他怎么寻找，都没在金宝肚子中发现那枚种子，哪儿都没有！
But no matter how much he searched, he didn't find that seed in Jinbao's belly, nowhere was it!
而且金宝健健康康，连肚子疼的小毛病都没出现，他还叽叽呜呜地叫，说那枚种子很好吃，还想再吃。
Moreover, Jin Baojian was in good health, and he didn't even have a small stomach ache, and he still whined, saying that the seed was delicious, and he wanted to eat it again.
“吃吃吃！你怎么什么都乱吃？”王叶还想，幸好雷木不在，否则雷木肯定要为这小坑爹货操心死。
"Eat, eat, eat! Why do you eat everything? Wang Ye also thought, fortunately Lei Mu is not here, otherwise Lei Mu will definitely have to worry about this little pit daddy.
金宝委屈：“爸叽~” Jinbao was aggrieved: "Dad~"
“感到能吃也不能随便吃啊，你没看到你小云哥哥和疯爷爷都多小心吗？”王叶气得戳金宝脑袋。
"I feel that I can't eat it casually, don't you see how careful your brother Xiaoyun and crazy grandpa are?" Wang Ye was so angry that he poked Jinbao's head.
金宝垂下头，假装认错。 Jinbao hung his head, pretending to admit his mistake.
王叶再三检查，还不放心地让疯药王也给金宝检查了几遍，确定金宝是真没问题……最大的问题就是金宝打了饱嗝，好像吃撑了的模样。
Wang Ye checked again and again, and asked the mad medicine king to check Jinbao a few times to make sure that Jinbao was really fine...... The biggest problem is that Jinbao has a full burp, as if he has eaten too much.
“爸叽~”金宝讨好地挠挠王叶手背，他还想吃啦，这个种子真的很好吃，外表脆脆的，里面嫩嫩水水的，超喜欢~
"Dad~" Jin Bao scratched the back of Wang Ye's hand flatteringly, he still wanted to eat it, this seed is really delicious, the appearance is crispy, the inside is tender and watery, I like it very much~
疯药王这会儿不急了，反而看着金宝一副看到圣级药植的表情，他还喃喃叨咕：“金宝、寄生虫、种子……寄生虫的种子，奇怪的能量，金宝吃掉……金宝为什么吃了没事？”
The Mad Medicine King was not in a hurry at this time, but looked at Jinbao with an expression of seeing a saint-grade medicinal plant, and he also muttered: "Jinbao, parasites, seeds...... Parasite seeds, strange energy, Jinbao eats...... Why is it okay for Jinbao to eat it? ”
王叶心中一动，对金宝道：“下次我再弄点给你尝尝。”
Wang Ye's heart moved, and he said to Jinbao: "Next time, I'll get some for you to taste." ”
如果不是手头上再也没有多余的种子，王叶倒真的想让金宝再试试。
If it weren't for the fact that there were no more extra seeds at hand, Wang Ye really wanted Jinbao to try again.
王叶是个很善于展开联想的人，他在琢磨金宝为什么能消化那枚种子，还在吃掉种子时没有让种子爆炸时想到：寄生虫族为什么要那么迫切地寄生精灵族？
Wang Ye was a person who was very good at making associations, and when he was wondering why Jinbao was able to digest that seed, and when he ate the seed, he didn't let the seed explode: Why did the parasitic zerg be so eager to parasitize the elven race?
他回忆上辈子的时间线，虽然寄生虫族陆陆续续寄生了一些生命体，但如果说对某个种族整体动手，精灵族绝对是第一个。
He recalled the timeline of his previous life, although the parasitic zerg had parasitized some life forms one after another, but if it was said that a certain race as a whole would be the first.
寄生虫族那个架势，简直就像是无论如何都要得到精灵族、攻占精灵族，为此甚至不惜暴露出他们的实力，让人们知道变异人和变异生物的出现。
The posture of the parasitic zerg is like getting the elves and conquering the elves no matter what, and for this reason, they even do not hesitate to expose their strength to let people know about the appearance of mutants and mutant creatures.
王叶把自己放到寄生虫族的立场，如果他这么迫切想要得到精灵族，那一定是精灵族对他有极大好处，或者就是这个种族的存在会对他有极大威胁，所以一定要先消灭掉。
Wang Ye put himself in the position of the parasite, if he was so desperate to get the elven race, it must be that the elf race is of great benefit to him, or the existence of this race will be a great threat to him, so he must be eliminated first.
按照这个思路，王叶想到了一个可能：会不会精灵族就是寄生虫族的天敌？
According to this line of thought, Wang Ye thought of a possibility: Could it be that the elven race is the natural enemy of the parasitic insect race?
精灵族也许只要掌握了寄生虫族某些弱点，就可以轻易查出和灭杀这个种族，只是精灵族自己还没有意识到？
The elves may be able to easily detect and exterminate this race as long as they grasp some weaknesses of the parasitic zerg, but the elves themselves have not realized it?
王叶进一步联想到精灵族地那些肚子里生寄生虫的精灵幼崽们。
Wang Ye further thought of the elven cubs in the elven clan land who had parasites in their stomachs.
那种寄生虫显然是一种新型寄生虫，乍一看就和普通寄生虫无疑。
That parasite is clearly a new type of parasite, and at first glance it looks like an ordinary parasite.
这里就产生了一个疑问：既然寄生虫族有机会给这些精灵幼崽下虫卵，为什么不直接下智慧寄生虫卵，而非要绕一圈选择这种跟普通寄生虫类似的非智慧型新型寄生虫？
This raises the question: since the parasites have the opportunity to lay eggs for these elven cubs, why not just lay intelligent parasite eggs, instead of going around and choosing this non-intelligent new parasite similar to ordinary parasites?
难道真的是怕精灵族察觉？ Is it really afraid that the elves will find out?
那它们又为什么怕精灵族察觉？ Then why are they afraid that the elves will notice?
再想想木系精灵这边，那个虫母寄生了生命之树那么长时间，它为什么一直不产虫卵去寄生木系精灵，为什么它想要彻底吸收大祭司木守以后再生虫卵？
Think about the wood elves again, that insect mother has parasitized the tree of life for so long, why does it never lay eggs to parasitize the wood elves, and why does it want to completely absorb the high priest Mu Shou and regenerate the eggs in the future?
王叶甚至还想到了前代精灵王，那位可是疯狂到想要把族内收藏的远古寄生虫卵放入体内，进行反向融合。
精灵王这么做，是不是他有什么把握，他知道了智慧寄生虫族的某个弱点？
The Elven King did this, was he any sure that he knew a certain weakness of the Wisdom Parasite?
最后，王叶抱起金宝，想到了金宝的身份。 In the end, Wang Ye picked up Jinbao and thought of Jinbao's identity.
金宝可不止是一只小精灵幼崽，金宝还是一只远古精灵卵孵化的、具有完美远古精灵族基因的幼崽，理论上只要他愿意，他可以变成龙族，也可以变成精灵族。
Jinbao is not just an elf cub, Jinbao is also a cub hatched from an ancient elven egg with perfect ancient elven genes, and theoretically he can become a dragon or an elf if he wants to.
这样的金宝一口就吃掉了让他们头疼不已的种子，还觉得好吃。
Such a Jinbao ate the seeds that gave them a headache in one bite, and they thought it was delicious.
那么远的不说，是不是双月星这边的远古精灵族能克制塔塔拉族这边的智慧寄生虫族？
Not to mention that far away, is it possible that the ancient elf clan on the side of the Twin Moon Star can restrain the intelligent parasitic zerg on the side of the Tatara clan?
而双月星这边的寄生虫族惧怕的是不是精灵族隐藏在基因中的某些远古基因？它们是不是在惧怕精灵族返祖出这种基因，或者是重视起某个被他们忽视的能力？
And what the parasites on this side of the Twin Moon Star are afraid of are some ancient genes hidden in the genes of the elves? Are they afraid that the elves will come to their ancestors, or are they valuing some ability that they have overlooked?
所以他能接近种子、还能取出种子，是不是和他的虫巢没有多少关系，反而是因为他身上沾了金宝的气息？
So he can get close to the seeds and take out the seeds, does it have nothing to do with his hive, but because he has the breath of Jinbao on his body?
当然，也可能两者都有。 Of course, it could be both.
王叶做了很多猜测，而想要知道这些猜测是否方向正确，那就需要大量的实验来证明。
Wang Ye made a lot of guesses, and if you want to know whether these guesses are in the right direction, you need a lot of experiments to prove it.
还有比瘤背怪更好的实验体吗？ Is there a better test subject than a lumberback?
王叶联系默林，当着默林的面取出了那名瘤背怪。 Wang Ye contacted Merlin and took out the tumor-backed monster in front of Merlin.
默林没有惊讶王叶有能存活物的空间，他的注意力全在那名活着的瘤背怪身上。
Merlin wasn't surprised that Wang Ye had room for survival, and his attention was all on the living tumorback.
也许默林的心情很复杂，但王叶无法从他那张兽脸上看出任何明显情绪。
Perhaps Merlin's mood was complicated, but Wang Ye couldn't see any obvious emotion from his beastly face.
“竟然没有自爆。”默林看向王叶：“你怎么做到的？”
"It didn't blow itself up." Merlin looked at Wang Ye: "How did you do it?" ”
王叶指了指那名塔塔拉人：“你要么先给他做个详细检查。”
Wang Ye pointed at the Tatara man: "You either give him a detailed examination first." ”
默林把那名塔塔拉人送去做检查了。 Merlin sent the Tatara for examination.
检查时间很快，而且默林可以清楚看见被检查者的身体内部情况，他重点看的就是大脑。
The examination took a quick time, and Merlin could clearly see the inside of the subject's body, focusing on the brain.
当看到那名塔塔拉人的大脑有一部分被点亮时，默林似乎很激动。
Merlin seemed thrilled when he saw a part of the Tatara's brain lit up.
“你是怎么取出他脑中的种子，还有他体内的虫卵？”默林迫切想要知道这个问题的答案。
"How did you get the seeds out of his brain, and the eggs in his body?" Merlin was desperate to know the answer to that question.
“体内虫卵？你知道瘤背怪体内是什么？” "Eggs in the body? Do you know what's inside the tumorback? ”
“我们没有办法得到活体，也没办法得到完整的瘤背怪尸体，但我们有技术可以看到对方的身体内部情况。种子和虫卵是我们的推测。”
"We can't get a living body, and we can't get a complete corpse, but we have the technology to see what's going on inside each other's bodies. Seeds and eggs are our speculation. ”
王叶对这个随时透视身体内部的仪器也很感兴趣，就是不知道辐射大不大，如果不大，并且可以随身携带，也许可以弄一个。
Wang Ye is also very interested in this instrument that can see through the inside of the body at any time, but he doesn't know if the radiation is big, if it is not large, and he can carry it with him, maybe he can get one.
“那你们知道这个种子和虫卵的详细吗？” "Do you know the details of the seeds and eggs?"
默林摇头：“我们没办法弄到实体，自然也没办法做详细研究。那些寄生虫不但在防着你们双月星人，它们更防备让我得到瘤背怪的尸体。”
Merlin shook his head: "We can't get the entity, and naturally we can't do detailed research. Not only are those parasites guarding against you Twin Moons, they're guarding against me getting the corpse of the lumberback. ”
王叶说出：“取出种子靠的是我个人的一点能力。” Wang Ye said: "It is my personal ability to take out the seeds. ”
“个人能力？什么样的能力？”默林追问：“能仪器化吗？药物呢？如果你不介意，可不可以让我……”
"Personal ability? What kind of ability? Merlin asked, "Can it be instrumented?" What about drugs? If you don't mind, can you let me ......?"
王叶示意默林不要急：“我们先谈谈雷木的记忆问题吧。我觉得他还有一些记忆缺失，你知道是怎么回事吗？”
Wang Ye motioned to Merlin not to worry: "Let's talk about Lei Mu's memory first. I think he's still got some memory lapses, you know what's going on? ”
默林怔住，很不解地道：“他还有记忆缺失？不可能，他应该都想起来了，我对他的记忆封锁暗示就是到了这里，他就会回想起相关的一切。”
Merlin was stunned and said puzzledly: "He still has memory loss?" No way, he should have remembered it all, my memory blockade of him implies that when he gets here, he will recall everything about it. ”
“只是暗示？” "Just a hint?"
“是的，只是暗示，我不会伤害那个孩子。” "Yes, just a hint, I won't hurt that kid."
王叶追问：“我听说银月王国第一代国王和你签订了契约，献祭撒家后代的生命力换取他的长生和实力增强，有这么回事吗？”
Wang Ye asked, "I heard that the first king of the Silver Moon Kingdom signed a contract with you to sacrifice the vitality of the descendants of the Sa family in exchange for his longevity and strength enhancement, is there such a thing?" ”
默林讶然：“完全没有献祭的事，他是跟我要求延长他的寿命、恢复他的青春并让他实力增强，我根据他的身体情况，帮他调配了一支基因优化药剂和一支身体强化药剂，就是这样。”
Merlin was surprised: "There is no sacrifice at all, he asked me to extend his lifespan, restore his youth and increase his strength, I helped him mix a genetic optimization potion and a body strengthening potion according to his physical condition, that's it." ”
“没有献祭？” "No sacrifices?"
“没有，我保证。”默林严肃道。 "No, I promise." Merlin said solemnly.
王叶皱眉，“那么那支基因优化药剂和身体强化药剂能让他多活一两百年吗？”
Wang Ye frowned, "Then can that Gene Optimization Elixir and Body Strengthening Elixir allow him to live for one or two hundred years longer?" ”
默林摇头，又点头道：“一个种族的生命是有上限的。比如双月星的普通人类，他们的上限是一百五十岁左右，但当他们觉醒异能，或者修习魔法，把外界能量融入自己体内并锻炼自己的身体内外细胞，这就成了一种改变自己生命形态的方式，我们可以视为进化，通过这种方式，他们可以获得更强大的能力，并延长自己的寿命，这就像打开了基因锁。”
Merlin shook his head, then nodded again, "There is a limit to the life of a race. For example, ordinary humans of the Twin Moon Stars, their upper limit is about one hundred and fifty years old, but when they awaken their abilities, or practice magic, integrate external energy into their bodies and exercise their internal and external cells, this becomes a way to change their life form, we can think of it as evolution, in this way, they can gain more powerful abilities and extend their lifespan, which is like unlocking the genetic lock. ”
塔塔拉族语言中基因当然不叫基因，只是王叶为了方便如此理解。
Of course, genes in the Tatara language are not called genes, but Wang Ye understands them for convenience.
默林又道：“那位国王我有他的全部身体资料，他原本最多只能活到两百岁，哪怕他是超凡者。但我给了他药剂以后，他的生命可以延长大约五十年左右。”
Merlin added: "I have all the physical information of that king, and he would have only lived to be two hundred years old at most, even if he was extraordinary. But after I gave him the potion, his life could be extended by about fifty years. ”
“可他活到了四百多岁。” "But he lived to be more than four hundred years old."
默林：“这也是我感到好奇的一点，但他后来不再让我研究他的身体，而我也不想和对方打交道，那是一个狡猾又贪婪，而且心性不是很好的人，和他打交道并不是一个愉快的经过。如果不是他畏惧我展现的力量，他会要求更多，甚至想要囚禁我。”
Merlin: "This was something I was curious about, but he stopped me from studying his body, and I didn't want to deal with him, because he was a cunning and greedy man, and he wasn't very good-natured, and it wasn't a pleasant thing to deal with." If it weren't for his fear of my power, he would have asked for more, even wanting to imprison me. ”
“难道你不好奇他为什么能活那么长时间吗？”王叶问。
"Don't you wonder why he lived so long?" Wang Ye asked.
默林摇头：“我当时对他关注不多，刚到双月星，我要做的事情很多，重点是监视裂隙战场中的寄生者和瘤背怪们，还有一些其他更重要的事情。”
Merlin shook his head: "I didn't pay much attention to him at the time, I just arrived at the Twin Moon Star, and I have a lot of things to do, focusing on monitoring the parasites and tumors in the Rift Battlefield, and some other more important things. ”
王叶明白了，在默林眼中，那位国王根本就是个不值得注意的小人物，而且因为厌恶其品性，更不会多关注。
Wang Ye understood that in Merlin's eyes, the king was simply an inconspicuous little person, and because he hated his character, he wouldn't pay much attention to it.
“你也没有注意到撒家后代多短命？除了国王。” "Haven't you noticed how short-lived the descendants of Sagar were? Except for the king. ”
默林反问：“我为什么要关注这个家族？我们做了交易，他给了我想要的，我也给了他想要的，交易就此结束。”
Merlin asked rhetorically, "Why should I care about this family?" We made a deal, he gave me what I wanted, I gave him what he wanted, and the deal was over. ”
王叶无言以对，最后问道：“那你有没有注意过撒家每一代新登基的国王都会进入墓地做一些事？”
Wang Ye was speechless, and finally asked, "Then have you noticed that every generation of newly enthroned kings of the Sajia family will enter the cemetery to do something?" ”
默林像是想到了什么：“你是说他们会去一个祭坛的事？”
Merlin seemed to think of something, "You mean they're going to an altar?" ”
“祭坛？能详细说说吗？”王叶来了精神。 "Altar? Can you elaborate on that? "Wang Ye is in spirit.
默林直接给王叶看了图像：“就是这个，他们建在地宫中，但和更深处的我这边的传送阵不在一处，我还是偶尔看到。因为这个祭坛很像是召唤魔族之用，我才会留意。”
Merlin directly showed Wang Ye the image: "That's it, they are built in the underground palace, but they are not in the same place as the teleportation array on my side in the depths, I still see it occasionally." Because this altar is very similar to summoning demons, I will pay attention. ”
“召唤魔族？！”王叶脑中闪过一道光，他终于明白他之前忽略了什么。
"Summon demons?!" A light flashed in Wang Ye's mind, and he finally understood what he had ignored before.
他忽略了银月王国的初代国王一开始并不是想召唤和联系塔塔拉族，他一开始想要召唤的是魔族！
He ignored that the first king of the Silvermoon Kingdom didn't want to summon and contact the Tatara clan in the first place, he wanted to summon the demon clan at the beginning!
默林抢了能量通道，先一步来到双月星、来到那位初代国王面前。
Merlin snatched the energy channel, and came to the Twin Moon Star first, to the first king.
这也变相证明了这个召唤魔法阵是有效的，它就算不能让魔族真身降临，也一定可以联系上魔族。
This also proves in disguise that this summoning magic array is effective, even if it can't let the true body of the demon come, it will definitely be able to contact the demon race.
而被抢了能量通道的魔族会甘心？ And the demons who were robbed of the energy channel will be willing?
那个魔族后来会不会联系到那位初代国王，和他有了别的交易？
Will that demon later contact the original king and have another deal with him?
或者就是那位初代国王不满足于基因药剂和强化药剂给他带来的改变，他还想要更多，所以他再次主动召唤了魔族？
Or was it that the first king was not satisfied with the changes brought to him by the genetic potion and the enhancement potion, and he wanted more, so he took the initiative to summon the demon clan again?
之前他以为雷木身上的魔种来自于春木上国国主伯思圣，现在想来会不会这枚魔种原本就与撒家有关？
Before, he thought that the demon seed on Lei Mu's body came from Bo Sisheng, the lord of the Spring Wood Upper Kingdom, but now he thinks that this demon seed is originally related to the Sajia family?
撒尔曼大帝也曾告诉雷木，说在墓地可以帮他压制魔种爆发。而墓地为什么能帮助雷木压制魔种爆发？
Salman the Great also told Thunderwood that he could help him suppress the Demon Seed Outbreak in the cemetery. And why can the graveyard help Thunderwood suppress the outbreak of the demon seed?
雷木还没有想起来的部分记忆会不会就和魔族有关？ Could some of the memories that Thunderwood hasn't remembered yet have something to do with the demons?
“撒家接触过魔族？”王叶收回飞奔的思绪，问。 "Sajia has been in contact with demons?" Wang Ye retracted his galloping thoughts and asked.
默林奇妙地一顿，说道：“详细情况我也不清楚，我没有留意他们。”
Merlin paused in wonder and said, "I don't know the details, I didn't pay attention to them. ”
“那雷木呢？他有没有和魔族接触过？”王叶步步紧逼。
"What about Reimagi? Has he ever been in contact with demons? Wang Ye pressed forward step by step.
默林无奈道：“这个问题你不应该问我，你应该问雷木。”
Merlin said helplessly: "You shouldn't ask me this question, you should ask Lei Mu." ”
“他不记得了。而你知道他和魔族有接触。”这次王叶用的是肯定句。
"He doesn't remember. And you know that he has contact with demons. This time, Wang Ye used an affirmative sentence.
默林只能说道：“我答应过雷木，不会过问也不会说出他和魔族接触的事。”
Merlin could only say, "I promised Lei Mu that I wouldn't ask or tell me about his contact with the demons. ”
王叶气：“所以你知道，但你没跟我说。” Wang Yeqi: "So you know, but you didn't tell me." ”
默林对小孩子的忍耐心很强，闻言也没有生气，只说道：“你和雷木关系这么好，我以为他会都告诉你，而且我和他约定了，我就会遵守承诺，自然不会逢人就说他和魔族有关。”
Merlin was very patient with children, and he didn't get angry when he heard this, but said: "You have such a good relationship with Lei Mu, I thought he would tell you everything, and I made an agreement with him, I will keep my promise, and naturally I won't say that he is related to the demon clan when I meet people." ”
王叶觉得自己真傻，雷木说他成为守墓人后没多久就遇到了撒尔曼伪装的猎人，并从他那里得到了控制魔种爆发的方法，但这也说明雷木那时压根无法完美控制自己身上的魔族气息。
Wang Ye felt that he was really stupid, Lei Mu said that not long after he became a tomb keeper, he met a hunter disguised by Salman, and got a way to control the outbreak of the demon seed from him, but this also showed that Lei Mu couldn't perfectly control the demon aura on his body at that time.
而默林是什么人？这就是一个全能智脑！并且是也了解魔族、说不定还和魔族接触过的智脑，他看到雷木会发现不了雷木身上的魔族气息？
And who is Merlin? This is an all-round brain! And it's a smart brain that also understands the demons, maybe he has been in contact with the demons, and he won't be able to find the demon breath on Lei Mu's body when he sees Lei Mu?
说不定默林一开始对雷木感兴趣，就是发现他与普通双月星人的不同，他想研究雷木。
Maybe Merlin was interested in Thunderwood at the beginning, but he found that he was different from ordinary Twin Moon Stars, and he wanted to study Thunderwood.
“和雷木接触的魔族对雷木有没有害？”王叶旁敲侧击。
"Is the demon who came into contact with Lei Mu harmful?" Wang Ye knocked on the side.
默林摇头，大约是看出王叶的焦躁和急切，他点了一句：“你想要知道雷木和魔族的相关事情，要么问雷木，要么你就带雷木去那个祭坛。”
Merlin shook his head, probably seeing Wang Ye's impatience and eagerness, he nodded: "If you want to know about Lei Mu and the demons, either ask Lei Mu, or you will take Lei Mu to that altar." ”
默林怕惹毛这个一看就是小刺头的小孩，又追加一句：“我可以直接送你们进入撒家墓地。”
Merlin was afraid of provoking the child, who looked like a little thorn, and added: "I can send you directly into the Sajia cemetery." ”
王叶明白默林想要什么，而默林虽然没有全盘告诉他，但好歹也给了他一个线索，为此，他在离开之前说道：
Wang Ye understood what Merlin wanted, and although Merlin didn't tell him everything, he did give him a clue, so he said before leaving:
“自爆的关键就在于那枚种子，想要让它无法传递自爆信息，一个是完全隔绝种子和外界的联系，最好是空间隔离术。速度还要快，让种子来不及反应。如果没有足够的空间技术，那就去找盲石壳，这东西一样可以起到隔绝信号的作用。而且不会让瘤背怪身上的种子和虫卵有激烈反应。”
"The key to self-detonation lies in the seed, if you want it to be unable to transmit the self-detonation information, one is to completely isolate the seed from the outside world, preferably spatial isolation. It should be faster so that the seeds don't have time to react. If you don't have enough space technology, then go to the blind stone shell, which can also serve as a signal isolation. And it doesn't cause the seeds and eggs on the tumborkback to react violently. ”
“另外一个方法也许你可以请教精灵族，精灵族的气息可以不惊动种子，如果想要完整并安全地取出种子，甚至更好地控制瘤背怪的方法，去找精灵族吧。”
"Another way maybe you can consult the elves, the breath of the elves can not alarm the seeds, if you want to take out the seeds completely and safely, or even better control the lumberback monsters, go to the elves."
后者的发现自然是来源于调皮的金宝啦。 The discovery of the latter naturally comes from the mischievous Jinbao.
默林这边也从王叶的两段话中得出总结：想要取出种子，就是首先隔绝种子和外界的联系，然后最好找一个精灵族帮他们做手术取出，并摧毁种子。
Merlin also drew a summary from Wang Ye's two paragraphs: If you want to take out the seeds, you must first cut off the seeds from the outside world, and then it is best to find an elf to help them perform surgery to remove them and destroy the seeds.
很麻烦，但总算是有了方法。 It's troublesome, but there's a way to do it.
关于空间隔绝技术，默林一直在研究，他只是困扰于无法把这种空间隔绝技术随身携带，看到瘤背怪就把他们完全隔离，还要立刻弄昏瘤背怪，避免他们自己想要自爆。
Merlin had been researching the Spatial Isolation Technique, but he was just troubled by the fact that he couldn't carry it with him, and that he would isolate them completely when he saw them, and that he would immediately stun the Lumberback Monsters to prevent them from trying to blow themselves up.
如果有一种方法，可以对瘤背怪进行群疗，或者群体性的信号隔绝，防止他们自爆，那就简单了。
If there's a way to heal the lumbored monsters in groups, or to block them out in groups, to prevent them from blowing themselves up, that's easy.
默林这样期盼着，却不知道这个方法就要出现。 Merlin looked forward to this, but he didn't know that this method was about to appear.
王叶舍不得交出金宝，就把木精灵战士翡爵推荐给了默林。
Wang Ye was reluctant to hand over the golden treasure, so he recommended the wood elf warrior Fei Jue to Merlin.
翡爵听说要配合塔塔拉族去抓捕瘤背怪，来研究精灵族对那些智慧寄生虫族的克制作用，也非常感兴趣。
Fei Jue was also very interested in hearing that he was going to cooperate with the Tatara clan to capture the tumorback monsters and study the restraint effects of the elves on those intelligent parasites.
他暗中给列车上的其他木精灵战士发消息，让他们找了个借口跟着第四批探索者接近飞船，然后这批木精灵也消失了……
He secretly messaged the other Wood Elf warriors on the train, asking them to find an excuse to follow the fourth group of explorers to approach the ship, and then the Wood Elves disappeared......
而裂隙战场上，多出了一批蒙面的木精灵战士，他们专职偷袭落单的瘤背怪，然后用各种他们精灵族特有的方法去接近那些瘤背怪和对付他们。
On the Rift Battlefield, there is an extra group of masked Wood Elf warriors, who specialize in sneaking up on lone tumblebacks, and then use various methods unique to their elves to approach and deal with them.
木精灵们虽然觉得上面的命令有点古怪，但想到翡爵透露的，也许他们精灵族可以克制那些寄生虫族这点，就让木精灵战士大为振奋，也愿意频繁地做实验。
Although the Wood Elves felt that the above order was a bit strange, the thought of what Fei Jue had revealed, maybe their elven clan could restrain those parasitic Zergs, made the Wood Elf warriors very excited, and they were willing to conduct frequent experiments.
因为白蛛魔螨，木精灵们真的太讨厌害虫了！见到就想消灭。
Because of the white spider demon mites, the wood elves really hate pests! When you see it, you want to destroy.
进入风眼的第二十五天。 The twenty-fifth day of entering the eye of the storm.
王叶找到雷木，扯扯他：“木木，再等五天，最后收网后，我想和你去撒家墓地一趟。”
Wang Ye found Lei Mu and pulled him: "Mu Mu, wait for another five days, and after the net is finally closed, I want to go to the Sajia cemetery with you." ”
雷木挑眉：“好端端地去那里做什么？你不是要闯第二关吗？”
Lei Mu raised his eyebrows: "What are you going to do there?" Aren't you going to beat the second level? ”
“默林答应会把那里的传送阵借给我们使用，我们去过墓地再过来也可以。”
"Merlin promised to lend us the teleportation array there, and we can come back after we have been to the cemetery."
“你还是没有回答我的问题。”雷木敲敲王叶的脑袋：“说，是不是和我的记忆缺失有关？”
"You still haven't answered my question." Lei Mu knocked on Wang Ye's head: "Say, is it related to my memory loss?" ”
王叶抬头，惊讶：“你知道自己记忆有缺失？” Wang Ye raised his head and was surprised: "Do you know that you have a missing memory?" ”
“我不知道，我也没感觉出来，但你天天都要问我过去的事，翻来覆去地问，我要多蠢才感觉不出来你对我记忆的在意？”雷木笑。
"I don't know, I don't feel it, but you have to ask me about the past every day, over and over again, how stupid must I be to not feel that you care about my memory?" Raimu laughed.
王叶还没说什么，雷木就道：“如果我真的有缺失的记忆，那么十有八九和魔族有关吧。”
Before Wang Ye could say anything, Lei Mu said, "If I really have missing memories, then there is a good chance that it has something to do with the demon race." ”
王叶震惊脸。 Wang Ye's face was shocked.
雷木捏捏他的耳朵：“这种事很容易联想到。我每次魔种力量爆发，待在墓地里都会让我更舒服一些，也会让我的神智更清醒。”
Remu pinched his ears: "This kind of thing is easy to relate. Every time my demonic power erupts, staying in the graveyard makes me more comfortable and clearer. ”
第295章 旅游团胜利回归 Chapter 295: The tour group returns triumphantly
进入旋风眼第三十天。 Enter the thirtieth day of the eye of the whirlwind.
列车众人一共派出了五批探索者，除此之外，还有零零碎碎自己偷跑的。
The train people sent a total of five groups of explorers, and in addition, there were bits and pieces that escaped by themselves.
但还有一千六百多人留在车上，这些人因为无聊竟然在车内搞了一个小型市集，陨星大佬还组织了几次讲座，举办了几次交流会。
But there were still more than 1,600 people left in the car, and these people actually held a small market in the car because they were bored, and the meteorite boss also organized several lectures and held several exchange meetings.
这让来参加旅游团的人心情特别怪异，感觉自己上当了，又觉得这次来得很值。
This made the people who came to join the tour group feel very weird, felt that they had been fooled, and felt that this time it was worth it.
狭小的环境既能增加矛盾，但也能增进感情，不少人都在这次旅游团中交了新朋友，也在几次交流会和讲座中有了收获。
The small environment can not only increase conflicts, but also enhance feelings, many people have made new friends in this tour group, and have also gained from several exchange meetings and lectures.
有人接近陨星的三大佬，搭话道：“这是第三十天了，他们还没有回来，我们要离开，还是继续等待？”
Someone approached the three big guys of the meteorite and accosted: "It's the thirtieth day, they haven't come back yet, are we going to leave, or continue to wait?" ”
三大佬之一毫不犹豫地回答：“全员离开。如果他们真的遇到危险，这也是及时止损。”
One of the three big guys replied without hesitation: "All leave." If they are really in danger, this is also a timely stop loss. ”
“如果……” "If ......"
“你们看！”惊叫声传来。 "Look!" Exclamations were heard.
所有人都看向车窗外，就见不远处的那光之巨物陡然爆发出极为耀眼的光芒。
Everyone looked out the car window, and saw that the giant of light not far away suddenly burst into extremely dazzling light.
这下所有人都忍不住了，大家都想靠近看看，看那边发生了什么事。
Everyone couldn't help it, and everyone wanted to get closer and see what was going on over there.
“会不会是什么秘境开启了？” "Could it be that some secret realm has opened?"
“会不会圣级甚至神级宝物出世？” "Could it be that a saint-level or even god-level treasure will be born?"
“我们过去！” "Let's go!"
“对，我们过去看看，不能就这么离开。” "Yes, let's go and see, we can't just leave."
三大佬仍旧十分理智地道：“我没有收到任何信息，也不清楚那边的情况，我们这次过来，不为探险和寻求机缘，只是过来看孩子的。我还是那句话，想去的人自己可以去，我们旅行团不会阻止你们，但你们出事也别赖到我们身上。”
The three bosses still said very rationally: "I haven't received any information, and I don't know the situation over there, we came here this time, not for exploration and opportunity, but just to see the children." I still say the same thing, those who want to go can go by themselves, our tour group will not stop you, but don't rely on us if something happens to you. ”
有人犹豫不决，但也有人下定决心要靠过去看看。 Some hesitated, but others made up their minds to lean over and take a look.
一些自认机智一流的人一直在观察陨星人，尤其是陨星那几个大佬的表情，虽然他们看不见对方的脸，但从对方那稳定的言行中就推断出，去光之巨物那里探索的陨星人九成都还活着。
否则今天都已经是约定的最后一天，那两个小鬼和连续出去的陨星人都还没有回来，这几个陨星老怪物怎么还可能坐得住？
“你们看！那里面是不是有人影闪过？”又有人发现了什么。
果然，他们看到了貌似很熟悉的身影，但都是一闪而过。
看到有活人，这些探险者们再也待不住了，一批又一批人操纵自己的飞行魔器飞向那光之巨物。
Seeing the living people, these explorers couldn't stay any longer, and batch after group of people manipulated their flying magic weapons to fly towards the giant of light.
有人还算小心翼翼，只是围着周边转圈，有人则仗着实力强大，直接就闯了进去。
Some people are quite cautious and just circle around the perimeter, while others rely on their strength and break in directly.
而只要碰触到光点和光线的人，无一例外都被吸收了进去。
And as long as they touch the point of light and the light, they are all absorbed into it without exception.
三大佬眼看列车中的人员越来越少，最后剩下来的几乎都是陨星人后，这才对众人说道：“既然来了，那就都去看看吧。不过所有人都必须听从指挥。”
After seeing that there were fewer and fewer people in the train, and almost all of them were meteorites, the three bosses said to everyone: "Since you are here, let's go and have a look." But everyone must follow the command. ”
剩下的陨星人表示这没问题，不是陨星人的，但凡能留到现在的人也都比较谨小慎微，对于听从指挥没有任何抗拒心。这些人都是觉得这次没白来、没必要继续冒险的人。
The rest of the meteorites said that this was no problem, they were not meteorites, but those who could stay until now were more cautious and did not have any resistance to obeying the command. These people are people who feel that this time is not in vain and there is no need to continue the adventure.
但如果陨星大佬愿意带着他们闯一闯，他们也愿意冒险看看。
But if the Meteorite Boss is willing to take them to break through, they are also willing to take the risk to see.
飞船中，王叶等人和默林就站在一个巨大的光幕前，光幕有很多分屏，可以看到飞船各处“被攻入”的模样。
In the spaceship, Wang Ye and the others and Merlin stood in front of a huge light curtain, and the light curtain had many split screens, and you could see the appearance of "being attacked" everywhere in the spaceship.
默林操纵飞船，把吸进来的人逐渐引到同一个地方，这里是飞船的垃圾处理仓，可以随时抛弃，损毁也不会心疼。
Merlin steered the spaceship and gradually led the people who sucked it in to the same place, which was the ship's garbage disposal bin, which could be discarded at any time and would not be distressed if damaged.
在这里，默林提前布置了一个虚拟幻境，与撒家的地宫一模一样，甚至就连那个祭坛和更深处的传送阵，他都照搬了。另外他还增加了一些传说要素。
Here, Merlin arranged a virtual illusion in advance, exactly the same as the underground palace of the Sajia family, and even the altar and the teleportation array deeper, he copied it. In addition, he added some lore elements.
“接下来他们将开始闯这个神秘的古神灵墓地，所有有问题的人都已经被标注，会成为其他人攻击的目标。如果有己方人员重伤，我会立刻把伤员转移到安全地点，当做另一个考核内容。”
"Next, they will start to break into this mysterious burial ground of the ancient gods, and all the people in question have been flagged and will be targeted by others. If one of my own personnel is seriously injured, I will immediately move the injured person to a safe place as another part of the assessment. ”
默林看向虫老等人：“奖品你们准备好了吗？” Merlin looked at Worm Elder and the others: "Are you ready for the prize?" ”
王叶心疼地道：“准备好了，就是这三样东西，你放入指定地点吧。”
Wang Ye said distressedly: "Ready, it's these three things, you put them in the designated place." ”
王叶递出三个小箱子。 Wang Ye handed out three small boxes.
默林和其他人都很好奇箱子里有什么，就是虫老他们都不知道。
Merlin and the others were curious about what was in the box, and they didn't even know about it.
默林笑问：“我能打开看看吗？” Merlin smiled and asked, "Can I open it and take a look?" ”
王叶耸肩：“随便你。”都给出去了，有什么不能看的？
Wang Ye shrugged: "Whatever you want." "It's all gone, what's not to see?
默林打开了第一口小箱子，里面是一个小水晶瓶，瓶子里只有非常微少的一点点液体。
Merlin opened the first small box, which contained a small crystal bottle with only a tiny bit of liquid.
“这是什么？”默林没有打开水晶瓶。 "What is this?" Merlin didn't open the crystal bottle.
王叶：“生命之液。” Wang Ye: "The liquid of life." ”
黄花树人唰地看过来。 The yellow flower tree man looked at it in amazement.
其他人也吃惊地看向王叶，只有雷木特别淡定，王叶拿出的东西，他都知道。王叶选择奖品的时候，心疼了好久，也对比了好久，最后才选出这三样。
The others also looked at Wang Ye in surprise, only Lei Mu was particularly calm, and he knew everything that Wang Ye took out. When Wang Ye chose the prize, he was distressed for a long time, and he compared it for a long time, and finally selected these three things.
用王叶的话来说，为了解决这些问题者，他可是出大血了，收的那些魔晶根本就抵偿不了他出的宝贝。
In Wang Ye's words, in order to solve these problems, he has made a lot of blood, and the magic crystals he received can't compensate for his treasures at all.
黄花树人伸出手，示意默林把水晶瓶给他。 The Goldenrod Tree Man held out his hand and motioned for Merlin to give him the crystal bottle.
他接过瓶子后，打开瓶盖，略一感知就合上了瓶盖。 He took the bottle, opened the cap, and closed it with a slight sensation.
黄花树人十分惊讶：“这是真正的生命之液，你见到木精灵那边的那棵生命之树了？”
The Yellow Flower Tree Man was very surprised: "This is the real liquid of life, have you seen the tree of life on the side of the wood elf?" ”
王叶点头，这里都是自己人，也没什么好隐瞒的。 Wang Ye nodded, they are all their own people here, and there is nothing to hide.
黄花树人抬手摸了摸王叶的头，怪不得这孩子这么心疼，这可是真正的生命之液。而且从这滴生命之液所蕴含的能量来看，那棵生命之树已经触摸到十一级的边缘。
“这东西给出去，那些探险者可就真的不虚此行了。” "Give this thing out, and those explorers will really make the trip worthwhile."
王叶哼唧一声，他就算作假，也要做得跟真的一样。 Wang Ye snorted, even if he faked, he had to do the same as the real thing.
谁让他修因果呢！ Who told him to cultivate cause and effect!
他不能欠别人，只能让别人欠他。 He can't owe anyone else, he can only let others owe him.
不过幸好他手中生命之液还算比较多，给出一滴也不算特别心疼。
But fortunately, there is still a lot of life liquid in his hand, and it is not particularly distressing to give a drop.
虫老和兰道也都rua了rua小徒弟的脑袋，心疼他给出这么好的东西。
Worm Lao and Landau also rua the head of the little apprentice of Rua, feeling sorry for him for giving such a good thing.
因为第一个小箱子里装的东西就如此宝贵，大家对接下来两口箱子里的东西更加好奇。
Because the contents of the first small box are so precious, everyone is even more curious about the contents of the next two boxes.
第二口箱子打开，里面是一瓶药剂。 The second box opened, revealing a bottle of potion.
这次王叶直接说出了药剂名称：“双月星版的初级基因进化药剂，可以提升和改善身体元素。”
This time, Wang Ye directly said the name of the potion: "The Twin Moon Star version of the primary genetic evolution potion, which can enhance and improve the body element. ”
主材料是虫蜜，这点他自然不会透露。 The main material is insect honey, which he naturally will not reveal.
默林赞赏：“好东西。” Merlin appreciated: "Good stuff. ”
因为王叶说是双月星版的初级进化药剂，默林就没怎么在意，他认可王叶聪明，但他不认为这个小孩能在三十天内就真的搞懂塔塔拉族的基础知识，更不可能只是看个外星药方就能知道药剂怎么做。
Because Wang Ye said that it was the Twin Moon Star version of the primary evolution potion, Merlin didn't care much, he recognized Wang Ye as smart, but he didn't think that this kid could really understand the basic knowledge of the Tatara clan in thirty days, let alone know how to make the potion just by looking at an alien prescription.
这也是他放心对王叶敞开药剂基础知识的原因，药材都不一样，理论基础也不一样，别说王叶能不能学会，就算学会，塔塔拉星也已经消失，他都哪里去找类似药材？
This is also the reason why he is relieved to open up the basic knowledge of potions to Wang Ye, the medicinal materials are different, and the theoretical basis is not the same, not to mention whether Wang Ye can learn it, even if he learns it, Tatara Star has disappeared, where can he find similar medicinal materials?
默林又怎么知道这是一个学习了疯药王草药辨认术、更有着鉴定术这样神奇能力的挂逼。
How did Merlin know that this was a man who had learned the Herb Identification Technique of the Mad Medicine King and had such a magical ability as the Identification Technique.
虽然王叶从来不承认他是挂逼，因为不管是草药辨认术还是鉴定术，都需要大量知识做基础，你不去学，这两个能力就是一个空壳。
Although Wang Ye never admitted that he was a hanger, because whether it was herbal identification or identification, it required a lot of knowledge as a foundation, and if you don't learn it, these two abilities are an empty shell.
不，应该说，如果王叶没有学习那么多知识，给自己打下坚实的基础，他就没可能学会这两门技能。
No, it should be said that if Wang Ye hadn't learned so much knowledge and laid a solid foundation for himself, it would have been impossible for him to learn these two skills.
对于王叶来说，他觉得他身上真正的挂其实是他的虫巢，还有靳蜘蛛送给他的那间拟态研究室，以及众位师父们。
For Wang Ye, he felt that the real hanging on his body was actually his worm nest, as well as the mimicry research room that Jin Spider gave him, and the masters.
有了这两门辨识技能做支撑，再有一间拟态研究室，王叶不需要拿到实际药材，就能在这个实验室中做各种尝试，直到试出一个可用配方。
With these two identification skills as support, and a mimicry laboratory, Wang Ye can make various attempts in this laboratory without having to get the actual medicinal materials, until he tries out a usable formula.
如果他遇到某些想不通的问题，也可以直接去问师父们。
If he encounters some questions that he can't figure out, he can also ask them directly.
在有这样优厚的条件下，他如果做不出改良版的基因进化药剂，王叶都无法原谅自己。
Under such favorable conditions, if he couldn't make an improved version of the genetic evolution potion, Wang Ye wouldn't be able to forgive himself.
这支药剂，王叶自己喝过，确定有效。 Wang Ye drank this potion himself, and it was determined to be effective.
至于师父们，他们已经注射过活尸转化药剂，身体已经进化过一次，这支初级基因进化药剂对他们已经没有作用。
As for the masters, they had already been injected with the Living Corpse Transformation Elixir, and their bodies had already evolved once, and this Primary Genetic Evolution Elixir had no effect on them.
而雷木、金宝、小云几个都服用了这种药剂，也都有不错的反应。小光没必要，他也同样刚进化过一次。
And Lei Mu, Jinbao, and Xiaoyun all took this medicine, and they all had good reactions. Xiaoguang didn't have to, he had just evolved once.
第三口小箱子里的是改良版的初级精神力提升药剂，两位师父亲自品尝，确定对九级和十级的超凡者一样有提升效果。
The third small box contained an improved version of the primary spiritual power enhancement potion, which the two masters personally tasted and determined that it had the same lifting effect on the ninth and tenth level transcendents.
虽然很微小，最多只提升了2%，但对他们这个等级的人来说，精神力想要提升本来就千难万难，最高2%的提升已经超过绝大多数的天材地宝。
Although it is very small, it has only increased by 2% at most, but for people of their level, it is already difficult to improve their spiritual power, and the maximum increase of 2% has exceeded the vast majority of heavenly treasures.
最难能可贵的是，这药剂可以重复使用，还不会妨碍其他精神力提升药剂或同效宝物的吸收。
The most commendable thing is that this potion can be used repeatedly, and it will not hinder the absorption of other spiritual power-enhancing potions or treasures with the same effect.
而八级以下的超凡者如果服用这种精神力提升药剂，最多能提升20%，这绝对能称得上奇药。
And if an extraordinary person below level eight takes this mental power boosting potion, it can be increased by up to 20%, which can definitely be called a miracle medicine.
而无论是初级基因进化药剂，还是这支初级精神力提升药剂，都已经达到了七级。
And whether it is the primary genetic evolution elixir or this primary spiritual power enhancement potion, it has already reached the seventh level.
总而言之，这两支药剂虽然等级不算特别高，但效用特别好，其价值也许比不上那滴生命之液，但作为秘境奖励也绝对能拿得出手了。
All in all, although the level of these two potions is not particularly high, their effectiveness is particularly good, and their value may not be as good as that drop of life liquid, but they can definitely be used as a secret reward.
黄花树人对这两支药剂都很欣赏，问王叶是否还能炼制，如果能，他们树人族想要订购。
The Yellow Flower Tree People admired these two potions and asked Wang Ye if they could still refine them, and if they could, they wanted to order them.
王叶精神一振，当即搓手道：“能能能，你们要多少？这两种药剂的药材十分难得，我不想要魔晶，我能不能跟你们换药材？”
Wang Ye's spirits perked up, and he immediately rubbed his hands and said, "Can you do it, how much do you want?" The medicinal materials of these two potions are very rare, I don't want magic crystals, can I exchange them with you? ”
黄花树人笑：“可以，如果你只要药材的话，我们可以按照内部价给你计算。”
Huanghuashuren smiled: "Yes, if you only need medicinal herbs, we can calculate it for you according to the internal price." ”
王叶顿时觉得黄花树人可亲多了，眉开眼笑道：“都是自己人，那我把药剂也按照内部价给你。”
Wang Ye suddenly felt that the Huanghuashu people were much more amiable, and said with a smile: "They are all their own people, then I will give you the medicine according to the internal price." ”
王叶谈成了一笔大生意，树人族真的非常大方，他们给出的药材价格便宜得让王叶恨不得把树人族的药材仓库搬空。
Wang Ye negotiated a big deal, the Tree People were really very generous, and the price of the medicinal materials they gave was so cheap that Wang Ye was eager to empty the Tree People Clan's medicinal material warehouse.
这边王叶和黄花树人商议交货时间和地点，那边默林已经把三口小箱子放入了假秘境中。
Here, Wang Ye and the Yellow Flower Tree Man discussed the time and place of delivery, and over there, Merlin had already put the three small boxes into the fake secret realm.
虫老、兰道以及那位陨星大佬和陨星人联系，负责指挥他们如何调度人手对付名单上剩下的人。
Worm Lao, Landau, and the Meteorite Boss are in contact with the Meteorites and are responsible for directing them on how to dispatch their manpower to deal with the rest of the list.
王叶和雷木也被师父们踢到那个假秘境中去历练，他们总要露个脸，让其他人能在假秘境中看到他们。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu were also kicked into that fake secret realm by the masters to go through the experience, and they always had to show their faces so that others could see them in the fake secret realm.
有心算无心，加上将近两千名八级以上的超凡者一起对付五六十人，又有指挥者能看清一切暗中调度，那近六十名问题者被消灭得干干净净。
There is mental calculation or unintentional, plus nearly two thousand transcendents above level eight to deal with fifty or sixty people together, and there are commanders who can see everything and secretly dispatch, and the nearly sixty problem people have been wiped out cleanly.
他们有人在最后关头还想夺舍其他人或者变成其他人，但他们的一举一动都被人看得清清楚楚，无论他们怎么变化，最后都没能逃脱死亡下场。
Some of them wanted to take away others or become other people at the last moment, but their every move was clearly seen, and no matter how they changed, they could not escape death in the end.
这些人死的时候都不知道是其他探险者在一起围攻他们，他们只以为遇到了秘境中的关卡，死在了秘境关卡的考验下。
When these people died, they didn't know that it was other explorers who besieged them together, they just thought that they had encountered a level in the secret realm and died under the test of the secret realm.
同样那些围攻问题者的探险者们，也以为他们攻击的是关卡中的怪物，而不知道他们杀的到底是谁。
The same explorers who besieged the problem people thought they were attacking the monsters in the level, but they didn't know who they were killing.
塔塔拉族这种能操控他人大脑，让虚拟幻境变得无比真实的能力，也让双月星的大佬们暗中警惕。
The ability of the Tatara clan to manipulate other people's brains and make the virtual illusion extremely real also makes the bosses of the Twin Moon Stars secretly vigilant.
如果不是王叶跟他们说，塔塔拉人的这种能力需要借用仪器和固定场所才能实施，就如同幻境卷轴和幻境魔法阵一样，虫老等人绝不会放心和塔塔拉人合作。
If it weren't for Wang Ye telling them that this ability of the Tatara people needs to borrow instruments and a fixed place to implement it, just like the Illusion Scroll and the Illusion Magic Array, Worm Lao and the others would never be at ease to cooperate with the Tatara people.
默林显然也知道双月星人在警惕他，但现在塔塔拉人处在弱势，如果他不能展现出塔塔拉族的科技优势和能力，那么他们塔塔拉以后就无法和双月星人站在同等地位进行对话。
Merlin obviously knew that the Twinmoon Stars were wary of him, but now the Tataras were at a disadvantage, and if he couldn't show the technological superiority and ability of the Tataras, then they would not be able to talk to the Twinmoon Stars on an equal footing in the future.
默林宁可让双月星人把他们当做势均力敌的外来者，也不想让双月星人把塔塔拉族当做一个可怜的卑弱的求助者。
Merlin would rather have the Twinlunas see them as evenly matched outsiders than the Twinlunars as poor and despicable helpers.
前者，双方可以在同等地位进行谈判，彼此付出也能相当，就算一方想要侵略另一方也要多做考虑。
In the former, the two sides can negotiate on an equal footing and pay for each other equally, even if one party wants to invade the other, they must consider more.
后者，却要看强者的心情和脸色，而弱者必然要贡献出大量利益才能换得强者的帮助和生存权。
The latter, however, depends on the mood and face of the strong, while the weak must contribute a lot of benefits in exchange for the help and right to survive of the strong.
王叶没管这种上层的博弈，这是大佬们要负责的事，他自己的事都管不过来呢。
Wang Ye didn't care about this kind of upper-level game, this was the business that the bigwigs were responsible for, and he couldn't manage his own affairs.
如果不是他从单天行上辈子的经历中看到裂隙战场这边因为背叛者的缘故，导致裂隙战场全面崩溃，进而牵连到整个双月星，他也不会这么麻烦地搞出这么一出。
If it weren't for the fact that he saw from the experience of Shan Tianxing's previous life that the rift battlefield had completely collapsed because of the betrayer, and then implicated the entire Double Moon Star, he would not have made such a troublesome play.
幸好他师父还有陨星都愿意保护他，这场揪出蛀虫的行动都被外人当成是陨星高层和裂隙战场高层共同谋划，除了陨星少数人，其他人都不知道他在其中的作用。
Fortunately, his master and the meteorite were willing to protect him, and this action to pull out the moths was regarded by outsiders as a joint plot between the meteorite high-level and the high-level of the rift battlefield, except for a few people in the meteorite, no one else knew his role in it.
意外之喜出现了。 An unexpected surprise appeared.
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，成功揪出并消灭裂隙战场中的背叛者五十七人，让整个裂隙战场重整风气，为裂隙战场带来新气象和新的希望，并因此消除了众多阴谋诞生。特此奖励经验值五十七万点，世界声望值5700点。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, Xiao Wang, for successfully finding out and eliminating the 57 betrayers in the rift battlefield, so that the entire rift battlefield can be reorganized, bringing a new atmosphere and new hope to the rift battlefield, and thus eliminating the birth of many conspiracies.] Experience is awarded 570,000 XP and 5,700 World Fame. 】
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，因为你提供的背叛者名单，使裂隙战场高层借此揪出更多蛀虫，造成连带影响巨大，特此奖励经验值十万点。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, Xiao Wang, because the list of betrayers you provided, the high-level of the rift battlefield took advantage of this to pull out more moths, causing a huge impact, and the experience is hereby rewarded with 100,000 points.] 】
王叶挥拳，整整六十七万点的经验值奖励，两瓶药剂和一滴生命之液给出去也不亏了！
Wang Ye swung his fist, and the experience points were rewarded with a full 670,000 points, and it was not a loss to give out two bottles of potions and a drop of life liquid!
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，成功救治一名被改造成瘤背怪的塔塔拉族人，使其大脑恢复八成以上功能，让该塔塔拉族人的精神体在塔塔拉族人的全息世界复活。特此奖励经验值一百点。】
[Congratulations to the player's next door, Xiao Wang, for successfully treating a Tatara who was transformed into a tumor-backed monster, restoring more than eighty percent of the function of his brain, and resurrecting the Tatara spirit body in the holographic world of the Tatara people.] One hundred XP points are hereby awarded. 】
王叶刚刚高兴，就对这一百点的吝啬奖励哭笑不得。 As soon as Wang Ye was happy, he couldn't cry or laugh at the 100-point stingy reward.
他费了那么大工夫救下这名塔塔拉人，结果就给他一百点？系统你能不能再小气一点？
He went to such great lengths to save the Tatara and gave him a hundred points? Can you be a little more stingy with the system?
不过系统说的让该塔塔拉族人的精神体在全息世界复活这点，让王叶很感兴趣。他猜想这应该是塔塔拉族人的一个特点，他们肉体死亡，但只要大脑还有挽回的可能，他们的精神体就还能存活，哪怕只是活在全息世界中。
However, what the system said about resurrecting the spirit body of the Tatara people in the holographic world made Wang Ye very interested. He guessed that this was probably a trait of the Tatara people, who were physically dead, but as long as there was a chance that their brains could be recovered, their spirit bodies would still survive, even if only in a holographic world.
看来这艘飞船中应该不止是默林一个塔塔拉族人，只是其他塔塔族人要么就活在全息世界，要么就活在冷冻仓中。王叶猜测。
It seems that Merlin should not be the only Tatara in this ship, but the other Tatars are either living in the holographic world or in the freezer. Wang Ye guessed.
王叶甚至能猜到这艘飞船之所以被塔塔拉族人称为希望，应该是这里还存有塔塔拉族人的精子库和卵子库，最起码也应该有复制基因库。
Wang Ye could even guess that the reason why this spaceship was called hope by the Tatara people should be that there was still a sperm bank and egg bank of the Tatara people, or at least a copy gene bank.
但这点默林不会告诉他，王叶也不会去询问。 But Merlin wouldn't tell him, and Wang Ye wouldn't ask.
系统的播报并没有就此停止。 The system's broadcast didn't stop there.
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，提供了防止瘤背怪自爆的方法，经过验证，木精灵战士们已经成功捕获不下百名的瘤背怪活口，并成功取出三十名瘤背怪大脑中的种子和腹腔中的虫卵。特此奖励经验值一万点。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, Xiao Wang, who provided a way to prevent the tumorback monster from self-destructing, and after verification, the wood elf warriors have successfully captured no less than 100 tumorback monsters, and successfully removed the seeds in the brains of thirty tumorback monsters and the eggs in the abdominal cavity. Experience worth 10,000 points is hereby awarded. 】
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到10029399点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到八十六级。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, after deducting the experience points that have been used, the player's experience points have accumulated 10029399 points, and the upgrade conditions are met, and the game level has been upgraded to level eighty-six.] 】
王叶吐气，升级是越来越难了，等到了九十级往上，需要的经验值点数更是可怕。
Wang Ye exhaled, it is getting more and more difficult to level up, and when it reaches level ninety and above, the experience points required are even more terrifying.
普通任务根本无法完成升级条件，只能进入副本。 Normal quests can't complete the upgrade conditions at all, and can only enter the dungeon.
他在只进入少数几个副本的情况下就升到八十六级，这在上辈子几乎是不可能的事。
He had risen to level eighty-six with only a handful of dungeons, which was almost impossible in his previous life.
三十天最后一秒，所有身在“秘境”中的探险者就感到身体一轻，所有人都被抛出了秘境。
At the last second of the thirty days, all the explorers in the "secret realm" felt light, and everyone was thrown out of the secret realm.
而那光之巨物也在瞬间消失，所有光点都看不到了。 And the giant of light disappeared in an instant, and all the points of light were not visible.
风眼中一片寂静和黑暗。 There was silence and darkness in the eye of the wind.
幸好那辆魔法列车及时开到附近，开始到处捞人，把所有呈现漂浮状态或清醒或昏迷的探险者都救入了列车中。
Thankfully, the magic train arrived in time and began to fish people around, rescuing all the explorers who were floating or awake or unconscious.
因为情况比较混乱，被救下的人也不知道有多少人在这场探险中死亡和失踪，又有多少人存活。
Because of the chaotic situation, the people who were rescued did not know how many people died and disappeared during the expedition, and how many survived.
但所有探险者都知道有人得到了宝贝！ But all explorers know that someone got the treasure!
其中有两人各自得到一瓶药剂，他们得到后，看到箱子中的简单说明，当场就服下了，没有给其他人抢夺的机会。
Two of them were each given a bottle of potion, and when they got it, they saw the simple instructions in the box and took it on the spot, without giving the others a chance to snatch it.
而陨星和裂隙战场的管理层也很讨厌，他们竟然出来守护那两名幸运儿，表示谁得到的机缘就属于谁，没必要抢夺。
And the management of the Meteorite and Rift Battlefield was also very annoying, and they actually came out to protect the two lucky ones, saying that whoever got the opportunity belonged to whoever belonged, and there was no need to snatch it.
那两人自然感激不已，而他们服用药剂后的明显变化更是让其他探险者妒忌不已。
The two men were naturally grateful, and the apparent change in their consumption of the potion made the other explorers jealous.
听说还有一个人得到了生命之液，但得到生命之液的是一名圣级大佬，大家知道也只能羡慕妒忌，谁也不敢打这位大佬的主意。
I heard that there is another person who got the liquid of life, but the one who got the liquid of life is a saint-level boss, everyone knows that they can only be envious and jealous, and no one dares to fight this big guy's idea.
而圣级大佬之间，只要没有必要，谁也不想拼命。真有那想要生命之液的，就拿同等价值的宝物去试着商谈是否能交换。
And between the saint-level bosses, as long as there is no need, no one wants to work hard. If there is someone who wants the liquid of life, try to negotiate whether it can be exchanged with a treasure of the same value.
总之，这次探险活动进时轰轰烈烈，出去时也一样引人注目。
In short, the expedition was as vigorous as it was when it went out.
而不管是谁，就算没有得到好处的探险者们绝大多数也觉得不亏，至少没有人来找王叶要求退还团费的。
And no matter who it is, even if the explorers who didn't get the benefits, most of them felt that they didn't lose money, at least no one came to Wang Ye to ask for a refund of the tour fee.
探险团还以保护各位探险者为名义，并没有在出入口把所有人就这么丢下不管，而是把人带到了安全区，并分成不同站点，让探险者们分别撤离。
In the name of protecting the explorers, the expedition team did not leave everyone at the entrances and exits, but took the people to a safe area and divided them into different stations for the explorers to evacuate separately.
这么一来，探险者们和外人越发不清楚这次探险到底有多少人存活，又都有谁消失，但他们都能肯定这次存活率很高。
As a result, it became increasingly unclear to the explorers and outsiders how many people survived and who disappeared, but they were sure that the survival rate was high.
等到这些探险者在安全区四散开来，有些爱吹牛的人简直把这次的探险过程吹出了无数朵花。
By the time the explorers had dispersed in the safe zone, some braggarts had blown countless flowers out of the expedition.
什么宛如古墓一样的迷宫通道啦，奇怪诡异的雕像啦，一望无尽的黑暗空间啦，从没有接触过的诡异能量啦……
What kind of labyrinthine passages like ancient tombs, strange and strange statues, endless dark space, strange energy that has never been touched......
最重要的就是那个无法用言语形容的光之巨物，有人说那是一只星空巨兽，生活在天外世界。有人说那是一个特殊的巨型魔器，也许是神灵炼制。更多人信誓旦旦地说那就是一个古神的墓地。
The most important thing is the indescribable giant of light, some say it is a starry sky beast that lives in the outer world. Some people say that it is a special giant magic weapon, perhaps refined by gods. More people swear that it is a burial ground of an ancient god.
虽然这次整体得到的宝物不多，但绝大多数探险者都觉得不虚此行，至少他们看到了别人都没有看到的风景，也体验到了别人都没有体验到的风眼滋味。
Although there were not many treasures to be obtained this time, the vast majority of explorers felt that the trip was worthwhile, at least they saw the scenery that no one else saw, and also experienced the taste of the eye of the wind that no one else experienced.
有人好奇雷叶和雷木这对兄弟的收获，不过很多人都说这对兄弟因为实力在整个团队中比较低的缘故，他们进入那光之巨物中基本都是在历练，而陨星大佬们也只是为他们保驾护航，对于争夺宝物的兴趣不大。
Some people are curious about the harvest of the brothers Lei Ye and Lei Mu, but many people say that because the strength of the two brothers is relatively low in the entire team, they are basically training when they enter the giant of light, and the Meteorite bosses are only escorting them, and they are not interested in competing for treasures.
但后来还是有消息传出，说那对兄弟很可能拿到了进入第二关的关键信息。
But then news came out that the brothers were likely to get the key information to enter the second level.
传出这话的不是别人，正是单天行。 It was none other than Shan Tianxing who spread this.
因为他身怀藏宝图，所有人都没有怀疑他“无意中”透露出来的消息。
Because he was carrying a treasure map, no one doubted that he had "inadvertently" revealed the news.
更多人认定单天行这次旋风带之行没有获得任何好处，对那对兄弟心怀妒忌，才故意传出这个消息。
More people decided that Shan Tianxing's trip to the whirlwind belt did not gain any benefits, and they were jealous of the pair of brothers, so they deliberately spread the news.
真实呢？ What about the real thing?
单天行揪住王叶的胳膊不放，满心愤怒地道：“现在我的名声都被你们败坏了！我明明不是那样的人，结果所有人都以为我是个妒忌的小人，你让我的朋友和师长们怎么看我？”
Shan Tianxing grabbed Wang Ye's arm and said angrily: "Now my reputation has been ruined by you!" I'm obviously not that kind of person, but everyone thinks I'm a jealous villain, what do you make my friends and teachers think of me? ”
王叶呵呵：“这不是你自己同意的？” Wang Ye hehe: "This is not your own consent?" ”
单天行耍赖：“我不管！第二关你们必须要带着我！” Shan Tianxing lied: "I don't care!" You have to take me with you in the second level! ”
“知道知道，你等通知就是。”王叶其实并不想把单天行牵扯进来，但这家伙自己找上他们，威胁他们说，他知道还有第二关，如果不带他一起玩，他就把这个消息爆出去。
"Yes, you just wait for the notification." Wang Ye actually didn't want to involve Shan Tianxing, but this guy found them by himself and threatened them that he knew that there was a second level, and if he didn't take him to play, he would break the news.
王叶也知道旋风带中那三个宛如秘境钥匙的东西还在，其他人就不会相信他们已经把旋风带已经趟遍，而单天行只要身怀地图，其他人就不会放过他。
Wang Ye also knew that the three things in the whirlwind belt that were like secret realm keys were still there, and the others would not believe that they had already traveled through the whirlwind belt, and as long as Shan Tianxing had a map, the others would not let him go.
同样很多人也不会相信陨星人真的没有在这次探险中获得任何好处，所以王叶干脆让单天行放出第二关的消息，表示探险还没结束。
Similarly, many people would not believe that the meteorites really did not gain any benefits from this expedition, so Wang Ye simply let Shan Tianxing release the news of the second level, indicating that the expedition was not over yet.
对哒，王叶还想再赚一笔团费，这次他要大大地提高团费，并且限定人数。
That's right, Wang Ye also wants to earn another tour fee, this time he wants to greatly increase the tour fee and limit the number of people.
不过是否组团，也得等他弄清楚第二关到底是怎么回事再说。默林说得非常含糊，只说他进入第二关关口就会明白情况，详细他也不清楚，他只负责镇压第二关的空间通道。
But whether to form a group or not, we have to wait for him to figure out what the second level is all about. Merlin said very vaguely, only saying that he would understand the situation when he entered the second level, and he didn't know the details, he was only responsible for suppressing the space passage of the second level.
王叶本来想要留在飞船中，直接带雷木去撒家墓地，再使用传送阵回来。
Wang Ye originally wanted to stay in the spaceship, take Lei Mu directly to the Sajia cemetery, and then use the teleportation array to come back.
但默林告诉他大可不必如此，他们完全可以离开再回来。
But Merlin told him that it didn't have to be that way, that they could leave and come back.
按照默林的说法，他们不用十年一次才能进入旋风带。旋风带其实一直存在，只是平时都处在隐藏状态下，别人看不到而已。
According to Merlin, they don't have to enter the whirlwind belt once every decade. In fact, the whirlwind belt has always existed, but it is usually hidden and not visible to others.
包括这个旋风带其实都是当初那几位双月星顶尖大佬帮助隐藏塔塔拉族的飞船弄出来的迷惑和安全措施。
Including this whirlwind belt, it was actually the confusion and security measures that those top tycoons of the Twin Moon Star helped hide the Tatara spaceship.
而获得默林认可的人，可以得到一份比藏宝图高级得多的进出许可光片，持有这枚光片的人可以寻找到旋风带被隐藏的出入口，从而进入旋风带风眼。
Those who have Merlin's approval can get a much higher level of access to the Treasure Map, and those who hold this light can find the hidden entrance and exit of the Whirlwind Belt, and thus enter the eye of the Whirlwind Belt.
默林只给了王叶和雷木两枚光片，其他人都没给。 Merlin only gave Wang Ye and Lei Mu two pieces of light, and the others didn't give them.
虫老等人也不在意，反正王叶有虫巢，他们完全可以藏在小叶子的虫巢进入旋风带。
The insect elder and the others didn't care, anyway, Wang Ye had a hive, and they could hide the hive in the small leaf and enter the whirlwind zone.
自从第二关的消息传出，好多人都在找王叶。 Since the news of the second level came out, many people have been looking for Wang Ye.
陨星搞出了王叶和雷木因为重伤，已经被勒令闭关学习和修养的假相，地点就在树人族。
Meteorite made the false appearance that Wang Ye and Lei Mu had been ordered to retreat to study and cultivate because they were seriously injured, and the location was in the Tree Human Clan.
谁敢跑到树人族去求证和找人？ Who would dare to go to the Treants to verify and find someone?
有些难缠的大佬就跑去找陨星的高层了，话里话外都是第二关要带着我们一起玩啊。
Some difficult bosses ran to find the upper echelons of the meteorite, and they were talking about the second level to take us to play.
此时，众人谁都没有想到，王叶已经带着雷木使用光片再次进入了旋风带，并通过默林飞船上的传送阵，回到了双月星。
At this time, no one expected that Wang Ye had already entered the whirlwind belt again with Lei Mu using the light piece, and returned to the Double Moon Star through the teleportation array on the Merlin spaceship.
第296章 撒家墓地 Chapter 296: Sajia Cemetery
撒家墓地地宫深处，无尽黑暗中突然亮出了一团光芒。 In the depths of the underground palace of the Sajia cemetery, a cloud of light suddenly appeared in the endless darkness.
那是能量启动的光芒。 That's the light of energy activation.
光芒过后，一大一小两个人影出现在雕刻精美的石台上。
After the light passed, two figures, one large and one small, appeared on the beautifully carved stone platform.
雷木拿出两只魔法灯点亮，让它们浮空跟在两人左右。
但这里的黑暗很奇特，像是会吞噬光亮一般，就算有两只魔法灯的照耀，也只能照出两人周围三米方圆，超过这个距离，连个过渡带都没有，就是一片黑暗。
王叶打量他们所处的石台和附近环境。 Wang Ye looked at the stone platform they were on and the surrounding environment.
如果不是太黑，这里应该布置很精美，无论上下左右都用石材包裹着，地面干爽，并没有地底特有的潮湿感，而且这片空间相当广阔，像是在地底挖出了一座城的空间。
只不过这座城看不到任何建筑物，只有粗大的石柱和中间的石台。更也许是地底特有的氛围，也许是黑暗，让这里的气氛很是阴森可怖。
“这里空气竟然不难闻。”王叶惊讶，说完这句话，他又突然大叫一声。
雷木侧头看，他没有从王叶的叫声中听出惊慌之类的情绪，就好像他想叫就叫了。
王叶又啊啊啊几声，测试完这才转头对雷木道：“明明这里给人的感觉很空旷，可声音竟然不能传远，就像灯光一样，被黑暗吞噬了。这个地宫有点不简单啊。”
雷木握住王叶伸过来的小爪子，带着他往前走：“你不说，我都没注意过这些。”
“你知道这里的路怎么走吗？”王叶侧头问他。
雷木笑：“当然，这里我闭着眼睛都能走。我从来不恐惧黑暗，刚被扔进墓道里时，这里的寂静甚至让我安心。刚进来时我什么都看不见，就一直摸着走路，后来……”
雷木微微一顿，眼神透出一丝怪异：“我现在明白你为什么说我记忆有缺失了，我的记忆确实有缺失，我有走遍整个地宫的记忆，但我不记得最初我是怎么活下来的了。”
“你是过了一段时间才遇到默林的吗？”
“应该是。我被扔在了地宫入口，而地宫就是一个大型迷宫，我第一次来，又没有灯火，一直在里面绕圈，我应该花了比较长的一段时间才走到地宫深处，也就是这里。”
“那你知道祭坛吗？”
“祭坛？”雷木脑中闪过什么，他没再说话，而是拉着王叶不断前行。
王叶见雷木一个劲拉着他往前走，途中没有半点迟疑和停顿，他忍住没说话。
现在的雷木给他感觉有点怪，但他相信雷木不会伤害他，就算雷木真的动手，他也有自保能力。
雷木突然停住脚步。
王叶也闻到了一股浓烈的微带土腥味的味道。
这股味道突如其来，简直就像是刚刚进入一间密密麻麻的蘑菇培植房。
甚至这里的空气都变得不再那么干爽，而是略微潮湿和气闷。
唰，唰，像是有人拖着腿走路的声音传来。
王叶还听到了些微的咀嚼声。
王叶见雷木不动，只好他自己指挥那两盏魔法灯飞向黑暗深处。
一个黑影匍匐在地上，在魔法灯经过的时候，陡然抬起头，这竟然是一个人。
不过这个人看起来就像是得了某种皮肤重病，他的脸、脖子和露出的所有皮肤上都长满了……菌类。
密密麻麻的大小菌菇长满这人的身体，王叶看得浑身难受，那感觉就像是自己身上也落上了无数孢子一样。
幸好王叶从传送开始就给自己和雷木身上都挂上了【因果循环】保护罩，这个保护罩还有过滤效果，就是再微小的孢子，只要他不想，就别想接近他们的身体。
那个浑身长满菌菇的人跳了起来，它想扑下那两盏魔法灯，看得出来它应该讨厌光亮。
魔法灯在王叶指挥下迅速闪过这名不知是什么品种的怪物的攻击，同时照亮了另一个墙角。
那里像是有一个弯腰驼背的人在挖掘着什么。 It was as if there was a hunched man digging for something.
但等王叶让魔法灯停留在那里，王叶才看清，那同样是一个人形怪物，它整个人倒是没有长满菌菇，但它本身就快变成一朵巨大的扇形蘑菇。
But when Wang Ye let the magic lamp stay there, Wang Ye saw clearly that it was also a humanoid monster, and its whole person was not covered with mushrooms, but it was about to turn into a huge fan-shaped mushroom.
它的腿脚就黏在墙角处，像是菌菇的柄，而它的头和上半身已经异变成一大一小两个扇形的像是灵芝的伞盖。
王叶突然转头，就在他的身后，数根不断蔓延的菌丝正在接近他。
“木木？”王叶试探地轻轻扯了扯雷木的手。
雷木仍旧处在像是发呆又像是出神的奇怪状态中。
王叶直觉这时不应该惊动雷木，这也是他没有用精神力去唤醒对方的原因。
雷木突然再次迈开脚步，他直直地向着那几个菌菇怪物走去。
但奇特的是，那几个菌菇怪物就像是极为恐惧雷木一般，在雷木靠近时发出了极为刺耳的尖叫声，它们还把自己紧紧缩了起来，而不是逃跑。
雷木经过这些怪物，脚步没停，继续向前走。
而王叶发现，那些菌菇怪物只恐惧雷木，却拿他不当回事，在他靠近这些怪物时，这些怪物还试图用菌丝偷袭他。
And Wang Ye found that those mushroom monsters were only afraid of Lei Mu, but they didn't take him seriously, and when he got close to these monsters, these monsters also tried to sneak attack him with mycelium.
看不见的保护罩上爬满了菌丝，这些菌丝看起来就像树根，也像是人的血管，它们不断蔓延、包裹。
The invisible protective shield is crawling with mycelium, which looks like tree roots and human blood vessels, which are constantly spreading and enveloping.
雷木突然伸手一把抓住王叶保护罩上的菌丝，用力一扯。
Lei Mu suddenly reached out and grabbed the mycelium on the protective cover of Wang Ye and pulled it hard.
那些菌菇怪物再次发出惨叫。 The mushroom monsters screamed again.
菌丝断裂。 Hyphae break.
可雷木没有把这些菌丝扔掉，他竟然抓着这些菌丝就大口吞吃起来。
But Raimu didn't throw away the mycelium, he actually grabbed the mycelium and devoured it.
王叶：“……”他不恶心，他心中甚至充满了对雷木的怜惜。
Wang Ye: "......" He is not disgusting, and his heart is even full of pity for Lei Mu.
如果小时候他在自己家的墙角发现菌菇，他也不会管好不好吃、有没有毒，因为人饥饿起来，真的什么都能吃下肚，只要能让那可怕的饥饿感消失。
If he found mushrooms in the corner of his house when he was a child, he would not care whether they were delicious or poisonous, because when people are hungry, they can really eat anything, as long as they can make that terrible hunger go away.
雷木带他走过了一条满是菌菇怪物的道路。 Raimu led him through a path full of mushroom monsters.
这些菌菇怪物大多长得都像人，至少能看出它们曾经是人类的底子。
Most of these mushroom monsters look like people, at least you can tell that they were once human.
王叶不想去想雷木小时候在墓地里都吃了些什么，他又是如何让这些菌菇怪物们恐惧他。
Wang Ye didn't want to think about what Lei Mu had eaten in the cemetery when he was a child, and how he had made these mushroom monsters fear him.
他只知道这个地宫绝不是雷木口中的“除了他，没有一个活人”。
He only knew that this dungeon was by no means "there is no living person except him" in Lei Mu's mouth.
也许确实没有一个活人，但怪物绝不会少。 It may be true that there is not a single living person, but there will never be less monsters.
这些菌菇人只会玩偷袭，它们最厉害的就是它们的孢子和菌丝。
These mushroom people only play sneak attacks, and their most powerful thing is their spores and hyphae.
如果王叶和雷木身上没有因果循环保护罩，搞不好两人走这么一程下来，身上也长满菌菇了。
If Wang Ye and Lei Mu didn't have a causal circulation protective shield on their bodies, it would be impossible for the two of them to come down after such a journey, and their bodies would also be covered with mushrooms.
王叶还采集了几个菌菇怪物身上的菌菇进行鉴定。 Wang Ye also collected mushrooms from several mushroom monsters for identification.
这种菌类就和真菌冬虫夏草菌一样，它们可以寄生在生物身体中，吸取生物的养分和生机，成就自己，也是寄生类生命。
This kind of fungus is the same as the fungus Cordyceps sinensis, they can parasitize in the body of organisms, absorb the nutrients and vitality of organisms, and achieve themselves, which is also parasitic life.
但它们有个非常好听的名字叫千变菌。 But they have a very nice name, which is Varietomycetes.
因为这种菌类寄生后，寄生体身上会长出各种各样模样不同、颜色也不相同的菌菇。
Because after this fungus parasitizes, the parasite will grow a variety of mushrooms with different shapes and colors.
王叶觉得这种千变菌很有意思，当他看到一大丛庞大的千变菌时，他忍不住上前采集了一些。
Wang Ye felt that this kind of myriad bacteria was very interesting, and when he saw a large cluster of huge myriad bacteria, he couldn't help but step forward to collect some.
当然他收集这些菌类不是为了吃，而是他还记得虫老跟他说的远古寄生虫很喜欢菌菇的说法。
Of course, he didn't collect these mushrooms to eat, but he remembered that the worm elder told him that ancient parasites liked mushrooms very much.
把表面一层大的菌类全部采集完，王叶手突然停下。 After collecting all the large fungi on the surface, Wang Ye's hand suddenly stopped.
因为他看到一层层菌菇下竟然是四个连接在一起的人类身体。
Because he saw that under the layers of mushrooms were actually four human bodies connected together.
它们就像是还活着，身体还在轻轻蠕动，而它们身体各处还不断长出新的菌菇。
It's as if they're alive, their bodies still squirming slightly, and new mushrooms are growing all over their bodies.
王叶停止了采集，就算虫巢表示出喜欢这些菌菇的意思，他也不想再收集了。
Wang Ye stopped collecting, even if the hive showed that he liked these mushrooms, he didn't want to collect them anymore.
他把部分千变菇的孢子用瓶子装起来放入了一个单独的隔离间。
He bottled some of the spores of the mushroom and put them in a separate isolation cell.
而雷木在这期间就站在一边等着他。 And Remu stood aside and waited for him during this time.
甚至雷木还抓了几把菌菇递到他面前。 Even Lei Mu grabbed a few handfuls of mushrooms and handed them to him.
王叶又想笑，又是心疼。 Wang Ye wanted to laugh again, but he was distressed.
木木就连这时候都想着他，怕饿着他，还记得把食物分享给他。
Mu Mu thought about him even at this time, afraid of starving him, and remembered to share the food with him.
王叶抓住雷木的手，轻声道：“走吧，我们去祭坛。” Wang Ye grabbed Lei Mu's hand and said softly, "Let's go, let's go to the altar." ”
雷木眼皮一直没有眨动，这本身就很怪异，他看看王叶，像是看到，又像是还处在梦游状态，带着他继续往前走。
Lei Mu's eyelids didn't blink, which was very strange in itself, he looked at Wang Ye, as if he saw, and as if he was still in a sleepwalking state, and continued to walk forward with him.
王叶觉得他看到那群菌菇怪物后，已经没有什么能震惊到他。
Wang Ye felt that after he saw that group of mushroom monsters, there was nothing that could shock him.
但在看到这条通道内那成百上千块蠕动的腐烂肉块后，还是觉得无法忍受。
But after seeing the hundreds of wriggling pieces of rotting flesh in this passage, I still felt unbearable.
你见过烂到一股恶臭的腐肉自己长了几十只脚在地上、墙壁上爬来爬去吗？
Have you ever seen rotten rotten rotten flesh with a foul smell growing dozens of feet crawling around on the ground and walls?
王叶现在就见到了。 Wang Ye sees it now.
最可怕的是这些腐肉身上都长了一张嘴，它们还不断发出“救我！我饿！”的凄厉叫声。
The most terrifying thing is that these carrions have a mouth on their bodies, and they keep saying "Help me!" I'm hungry! The scream.
这些腐肉大概没有别的东西可以吃，它们就彼此吞噬。 There was probably nothing else to eat from the carrion, so they devoured each other.
看着几块腐肉互相啃食、吸收，王叶恶心得隔夜饭都要吐出来。
Watching several pieces of carrion eat and absorb each other, Wang Ye was so disgusted that he had to vomit out his overnight meal.
这里的通道显然有某种阻拦作用，确保一段通道内的怪物不会去往其他通道。
The passage here apparently has some sort of blocking effect, ensuring that monsters in one passage do not go to other passages.
只是王叶暂时搞不清楚这些怪物都是怎么来的，它们被放在地宫的目的又是什么。
It's just that Wang Ye can't figure out how these monsters came to be for the time being, and what is the purpose of putting them in the dungeon.
为了守护地宫？ To protect the dungeon?
但真的有必要准备这样恶心人的怪物吗？ But is it really necessary to prepare such a disgusting monster?
雷木这时竟然突然开口对他说道：“不好吃。” Lei Mu suddenly opened his mouth and said to him at this time: "It's not delicious. ”
王叶呆滞。敢情他的宝贝木木还尝过这些腐肉的滋味？ Wang Ye was sluggish. Dare to love his baby Mumu and taste these carrions?
“木木，为了你，我也会考到圣级魔厨的资格！我绝不会再让你吃到半点不好吃、不健康的黑暗料理！”王叶痛心疾首地发下宏愿。
"Mu Mu, for your sake, I will also be qualified as a saint-level demon chef! I'm never going to let you eat any more unpalatable, unhealthy dark food! Wang Ye made a grand wish in a heartbroken manner.
王叶发誓他看到梦游状态的雷木嘴角弯了弯。 Wang Ye swore that he saw the corner of Lei Mu's mouth curled when he was sleepwalking.
雷木的动作也明显了一点，他握紧王叶的手，似乎是让他不要去碰这些腐肉块。
Lei Mu's movements were also a little more obvious, and he squeezed Wang Ye's hand, as if to tell him not to touch these pieces of rotten flesh.
王叶也没有半点想要收集这些腐肉块的想法，他现在只想赶紧离开这段通道。
但也许安排这些怪物的家伙的趣味真的和普通人不太一样，他就像是恶心人不够一样，在下一条通道中准备了大量烫伤者。
烫伤者是个比较好听的说法。
王叶真实看到的是一口巨大无比的地锅，里面烧着滚水也许是其他什么液体，然后几十个人在里面惨叫哀嚎，还有人不断往锅里跳。
他们有的像是刚下锅的样子，有的皮肉已经煮的从身上一块块掉下来，最可怕的是煮到一半的人，那种可怕的烫伤，任何人都无法看第二眼。
Some of them looked like they had just come out of the pot, some of them had already been boiled and fell off their bodies piece by piece, and the most terrible thing was the people who were halfway cooked, and the terrible burns that no one could take a second look at.
王叶看着这口巨大无比的地锅，想着要不要飞过去。 Wang Ye looked at this huge cauldron and wondered if he should fly over.
雷木却已经抓着他走上了旁边一条隐蔽无比的小道，就好像细窄的锅边一样。
Lei Mu had already grabbed him and walked down a hidden path beside him, like a narrow pot.
锅里的人不住向两人扑来，可在雷木转头瞪向他们时，就吓得尖叫着又跳回滚水里。
The people in the pot kept rushing at the two of them, but when Raimu turned his head to glare at them, he screamed in fright and jumped back into the water.
“木木，你没喝这锅汤吧？”王叶半开玩笑地说。 "Mumu, you didn't drink this pot of soup, did you?" Wang Ye said half-jokingly.
雷木没有回答他，只带他快步离开了这口地锅。 Lei Mu didn't answer him, only led him out of the cauldron quickly.
等到了地锅对面，王叶才知道那些主动跳进锅里的人都是怎么回事。
When he arrived at the opposite side of the pot, Wang Ye knew what was going on with those who took the initiative to jump into the pot.
大量的小虫子爬满了那些人的身体。 A large number of small bugs crawled all over the bodies of those people.
虫子还不断往这些人的鼻孔、耳孔等任何一个孔洞里钻，有些虫子爪牙厉害，能直接咬破皮肤钻进人的身体中。
Insects also continue to drill into any hole in these people's nostrils, ear holes, etc., and some insects have powerful claws and can directly bite through the skin and burrow into people's bodies.
雷木从一个人身上抓了几只虫子，捏死，送到王叶嘴边，还说道：“吃。”
Lei Mu grabbed a few insects from a person, pinched them to death, sent them to Wang Ye's mouth, and said, "Eat." ”
王叶：“……”他真不想吃。 Wang Ye: "......" He really didn't want to eat.
他甚至不敢开口说话，他怕雷木直接把这几只虫子喂到他嘴里。
He didn't even dare to speak, he was afraid that Lei Mu would feed these insects directly into his mouth.
幸好雷木并不是很坚持，他看王叶不吃，就自己把这几只虫子嘎嘣嘎嘣地给吃了。
Fortunately, Lei Mu was not very persistent, he saw that Wang Ye didn't eat it, so he ate these insects by himself.
王叶咽了口口水，绝不是馋的！ Wang Ye swallowed his saliva, it was by no means greedy!
与之前同样的是，这里的虫子也好、不知道是不是活人的怪物也好，都害怕雷木，只要雷木靠近它们，它们要么疯狂躲避，要么就把自己缩成一团，更多的是不断尖叫。
As before, the insects and monsters who don't know if they are alive are all afraid of Thunderwood, and as long as Thunderwood gets close to them, they either dodge frantically, or shrink themselves into a ball, and more often than not, they keep screaming.
王叶特别注意观察了那些被虫子啃咬的人类。 Wang Ye paid special attention to observing the humans who were gnawed by the insects.
这些人看着都像是人类，但只看它们苍白的肌肤和只有眼白的眼睛，就知道它们不是正常人类。
These people look like human beings, but just by looking at their pale skin and white-eyed eyes, you know that they are not normal humans.
也没有哪个正常人类被煮成白骨了，还能从锅里爬出来，走上一圈就又把皮肉长好的。
There is no normal human being who has been boiled to the bones, and can crawl out of the pot and grow flesh and skin again after walking in a circle.
这些人长好皮肉，就会被无数虫子啃咬。被虫子咬了，受不了了，它们就会主动跳入翻滚的地锅中。等承受煮刑，煮成白骨后，它们又再爬出来，如此周而复始。
These people will be gnawed by countless insects when they have good skin and flesh. When they are bitten by insects and can't stand it anymore, they will take the initiative to jump into the tumbling cauldron. After being boiled and boiled to white bones, they crawl out again, and so on.
王叶忽然想到，如果这真是惩罚，这条通道的怪物可以不断“复生”，重复刑罚的过程，也重复感受那些痛苦。那么会不会之前的菌菇怪物和腐肉块，它们也都还有意识？
Wang Ye suddenly thought that if this was really a punishment, the monsters in this passage could continue to "resurrect", repeat the process of punishment, and repeat the pain. So could it be that the mushroom monsters and rotten meat pieces from before, they are also still conscious?
王叶想到这里不由打了个冷颤。 Wang Ye couldn't help but shudder when he thought of this.
他自认自己对待敌人和仇家已经算得上心狠手辣、残忍冷酷，但用这种不断重复的刑罚去折磨人？
He thinks that he is ruthless, cruel and ruthless in dealing with enemies and enemies, but to torture people with this repeated punishment?
他还真的做不来。 He really can't do it.
这已经不是泄恨，更不是报复，这明显就是有人在满足自己的某种变态施虐欲。
This is no longer a vent of hatred, let alone revenge, this is obviously someone who is satisfying some kind of perverted sadomasochism of himself.
这种人都心理有病，不，他们已经不能称之为人，因为他们已经把自己从人类这个类别中划分出去，人类在他们眼中和虫蚁没什么区别。
Such people are psychologically ill, no, they can no longer be called human, because they have separated themselves from the category of humans, and humans are no different from insects and ants in their eyes.
第四段通道，那是一个墙壁上长满果子的通道，但如果你看到长出果子的树是什么，你就不会想要去摘这些果子吃了，哪怕它们每一个都冒出极为诱人的香甜味道。
The fourth passage is a passage with fruit on the walls, but if you see what the tree is that grows fruit, you won't want to pick it and eat it, even if each of them has a very tempting sweet smell.
第五段通道，那里绝不适合让未成年进入观看。 The fifth passage, which is by no means suitable for minors to enter.
雷木甚至伸手捂住了王叶的眼睛。 Lei Mu even reached out to cover Wang Ye's eyes.
王叶也不想看，太他么恶心了，只能说某些变态的想象力简直无下限。
Wang Ye didn't want to watch it, it was so disgusting, he could only say that the imagination of some perverts had no lower limit.
雷木在第六段通道口停了下来，他低头对王叶十分认真地说道：“菌丝可以吃，虫子可以吃，其他不可以，吃了会生病。”
Lei Mu stopped at the mouth of the sixth passage, he lowered his head and said to Wang Ye very seriously: "Mycelium can be eaten, insects can be eaten, others are not, you will get sick if you eat it." ”
王叶点头。 Wang Ye nodded.
雷木又伸手指向前方黑暗的通道，慢慢说道：“这里的都是疯子，不要理会它们。里面的东西也都不要吃。”
Lei Mu stretched out his hand again and pointed to the dark passage in front of him, and said slowly: "All the people here are crazy, don't pay attention to them. Don't eat anything inside. ”
雷木握住王叶的手，微微用力：“跟紧我。” Lei Mu held Wang Ye's hand and pressed slightly: "Follow me." ”
一脚跨入通道，眼前猛地一亮。 As soon as he stepped into the passage, his eyes lit up.
王叶惊讶地睁大眼睛，他们这是从墓地地宫进入了宫廷宴会吗？
Wang Ye's eyes widened in surprise, did they enter the palace banquet from the cemetery underground palace?
这里每一个人都穿着豪华精美的宫廷礼服，身上挂着精心制作的首饰，脸上更是画着极为精致的妆容。
Everyone here is dressed in sumptuous court gowns, with elaborate jewellery on their bodies and extremely elaborate make-up painted on their faces.
就连男性也有不少明显擦了粉的，而有些男性的衣着比女性还要华丽，身上的味道更是比女性还要芬芳。
Even men have a lot of obvious powder, and some men have more gorgeous clothes than women, and the smell on their bodies is even more fragrant than women.
但这些男性并不娘，也没有性别错误认识，他们只是觉得这样会更凸显他们与众不同的身份和地位，因为无论是化妆品还是香料，都是极为昂贵的。
But these men are not mothers, and they don't have gender misconceptions, they just think that this will highlight their unique identity and status, because whether it is cosmetics or fragrances, they are extremely expensive.
有些人身上戴着的明显是炼金首饰，而这些人的气质看起来也和周围人不一样。
Some of them are wearing obviously alchemy jewelry, and the temperament of these people also looks different from the people around them.
他们头抬得更高，神情更加傲慢，就连挥舞扇子和说笑的模样都更加自得。
Their heads were raised higher, their expressions more arrogant, and even the appearance of waving fans and laughing was more complacent.
雷木和王叶站在门口，两个人无论是衣着打扮，还是气质，都与这个宴会中的贵人们格格不入。
Lei Mu and Wang Ye stood at the door, both of them were incompatible with the nobles in this banquet, both in terms of clothing and temperament.
王叶身上还穿着陨星的校服。他发现校服真的很耐穿，又耐脏，还不容易坏，且适合多种场合，王叶为此准备了不少套。
Wang Ye was still wearing the school uniform of the Meteor Star. He found that the school uniform was really durable, dirt-resistant, not easy to break, and suitable for a variety of occasions, so Wang Ye prepared a lot of sets for this.
雷木没穿校服，他的打扮更接近武者。 Remu didn't wear a school uniform, and his dress was closer to that of a martial artist.
王叶特别羡慕雷木的身材，雷木身上大多是条形肌，这让他身上满是肌肉，却并不魁梧，而是瘦长有力。而且雷木四肢修长，再加上一米八七的身高，以及完美的身材比例，可以说雷木的体型简直就是王叶的理想。
Wang Ye was particularly envious of Lei Mu's figure, most of Lei Mu's body was striped muscles, which made his body full of muscles, but he was not burly, but slender and powerful. Moreover, Lei Mu's slender limbs, coupled with his height of one meter eighty-seven, and perfect body proportions, it can be said that Lei Mu's body shape is simply Wang Ye's ideal.
不过王叶希望自己将来能再长高一点，至少要超过木木，还有他希望自己的肌肉层也能更厚一些。
However, Wang Ye hopes that he can grow taller in the future, at least surpassing Mu Mu, and he hopes that his muscle layer can also be thicker.
此时，宴会中那些谈笑风生的客人们，位于最外围的一群人发现了两人。
At this time, the guests who were chatting and laughing in the banquet, and a group of people in the outermost part found the two of them.
“你们是什么人？”有人端着酒杯向他们走来，态度不算很客气地问道。
"Who are you?" Someone walked up to them with a wine glass and asked in a not very polite manner.
第297章 小木木 Chapter 297: Xiao Mumu
王叶还在想这是幻境还是某种特殊秘境，就感觉身边的雷木拉着他，理都没理那名问话者，就这么走入了宴会厅。
Wang Ye was still thinking about whether this was an illusion or some kind of special secret realm, so he felt that Lei Mu beside him was pulling him, ignoring the questioner, and just walked into the banquet hall.
那名被忽视的贵族青年很生气，他追上去似乎要讨回面子，可他还没有靠近两人。
The neglected aristocratic young man was angry, and he chased after him as if to save face, but he hadn't gotten close to the two of them yet.
雷木一挥手，一道锋利的魔气划过那名青年的脖子。 With a wave of his hand, a sharp demonic aura slashed across the young man's neck.
青年脑袋一歪，脖颈断了一半，涌出大量鲜血。 The young man's head tilted, half of his neck was broken, and a large amount of blood gushed out.
王叶眼眸微微收缩，他感觉绝对没有出错，刚刚雷木使用的就是魔气。
Wang Ye's eyes shrank slightly, he felt that there was absolutely nothing wrong, what Lei Mu used just now was demonic qi.
魔气和魔力，那就是两码事。 Demonic energy and magical power, those are two different things.
前者是魔族的力量，后者是魔法师的力量。 The former is the power of the demons, and the latter is the power of the magician.
远处还有乐曲声和说笑声，但这一片却是一片寂静。 There was music and laughter in the distance, but there was silence in this area.
王叶已经绷紧浑身肌肉，就等着和雷木杀出重围。 Wang Ye had already tensed his muscles, just waiting to fight Lei Mu out of the encirclement.
可就在这时，竟然有人发出了一声轻笑，还有人轻轻鼓掌。
But at this moment, someone let out a chuckle, and someone applauded softly.
“漂亮！” "Beautiful!"
“是啊，这一手真的太漂亮了。” "yes, this hand is really beautiful."
“那脖颈断裂的方式是多么干脆和美丽，还有那隔了一会儿才流出的鲜血，像不像昨天我们喝过的血壶酒？”
"How crisp and beautiful was the way the neck was broken, and the blood that came out after a while, like the blood jug wine we drank yesterday?"
“是有点浪费了。” "It's a bit of a waste."
“不用管那个死去的蠢货。这位贵客，你已经证明自己有资格参加这场宴会。欢迎！”
"Leave that dead idiot alone. Your honored guest, you have proven yourself qualified to attend this banquet. Welcome! ”
雷木仍旧理都没理这些人，就这么漠然地带着王叶从这些人中间走过。
Lei Mu still ignored these people, and walked among these people with Wang Ye so indifferently.
“这位得到了参加宴会的资格，但他带着的小孩呢？” "This one is eligible for the banquet, but what about the child he has with him?"
“也许那是这位贵客带着的原材料？小孩子的肉可是很鲜嫩的。”
"Maybe that's the raw material this guest is carrying? Children's meat is very tender. ”
王叶听着周围热烈的谈笑声，再看到侍者快速过来，熟练又淡然地拖走那名死掉的贵族青年，还有几名仆人跪在地上舔舐地上的鲜血……
Wang Ye listened to the lively chatter and laughter around him, and then saw the waiter coming quickly, skillfully and indifferently dragging away the dead noble youth, and several servants kneeling on the ground and licking the blood on the ground......
王叶看不下去了。 Wang Ye couldn't stand it anymore.
那几个仆人完全不觉得这样有什么不对，那血液对他们来说，就像是一种超级美味，他们恨不得把地面上溅到的每一滴鲜血都舔得一干二净。
The servants didn't think there was anything wrong with that, the blood was like a super delicacy to them, and they wanted to lick every drop of blood that splashed on the ground.
王叶甚至看到一名端着盘子的侍者冲着那几名舔血的仆人露出羡慕的神色。
Wang Ye even saw a waiter with a plate showing envy at the servants who were licking the blood.
这个宴会太不对劲了。 This banquet is so wrong.
雷木也不对劲。
自从他提到那个祭坛后，雷木就开始不对劲。 Ever since he mentioned that altar, something had started to be wrong with Remu.
但雷木再不对劲，也没有放开他的手，并且用他自己的冷漠气场，把他划在了他的保护圈内。
But no matter how wrong Reimu was, he didn't let go of his hand, and used his own indifferent aura to draw him in his protective circle.
谁敢有靠近他的意思，雷木冰冷的双眼就会看过去。 Whoever dares to approach him, Lei Mu's cold eyes will look over.
可能是雷木刚才毫不留情地那一斩，让这个宴会厅的人们有所顾忌，只要和他眼神对上的人，基本都会退开，不会找他们两人的麻烦。
It may be that Lei Mu's merciless slash just now made the people in this banquet hall have some scruples, as long as the people who meet his eyes will basically retreat, and they will not trouble the two of them.
雷木就这么带着他一步步深入宴会厅。 Lei Mu led him step by step into the banquet hall.
王叶感觉雷木似乎想带着他穿过这个巨大的宴会厅，就像穿过前面那些通道。
Wang Ye felt as if Lei Mu wanted to lead him through this huge banquet hall, just like through the passages in front of him.
宴会中的人们也不是每个人都对他们感兴趣，很多人都在聊着自己感兴趣的话题，只有少数人会观察他们。
Not everyone at the banquet is interested in them, many people are chatting about topics that interest them, and only a few people will observe them.
隔着人群，王叶忽然感到有谁在看着自己。 Across the crowd, Wang Ye suddenly felt that someone was watching him.
王叶下意识地往人堆里看去。
人群中，一条小小的人影一闪。
王叶愣住，这里还有这么小的孩子？
虽然那孩子闪躲的速度很快，但王叶眼力好，这里的光线也足够明亮，只一眼，他就把那孩子看得很清楚。
首先那孩子的衣服和这里很不搭。
其次那孩子很瘦，非常瘦，而且极度苍白，他的眼睛还有些发红，不是眼白发红，是眼白加眼眸整体都在发红。他的头发也比较乱糟糟，长的长、短的短，就那么随便披散着。那孩子还没有鞋子，赤着脚！
最古怪的是，他看到这孩子的第一眼，竟然觉得很亲切，很想接近他，还觉得他有些眼熟。
好吧，他看到了那孩子满脸刺青一样的古魔法符纹。
王叶忍不住不断在人群中搜寻那孩子的踪影。
雷木则拉着他不断前进。
看到了！他再次看到了那个孩子。
他看到那个孩子在偷……在拿桌子上的食物。
那孩子拿到食物后就拼命往嘴里塞，那是一块不小的肉块。
小孩吃得有点噎，但他还是拼命往下吞咽。
王叶看向那小孩的周围。
有人也在注意那个孩子，但他们看那孩子的眼神很古怪，像是嘲笑，又像是鄙视。
这些贵族没有驱赶这个一看就是贫民的孩子，为什么？
这个孩子为什么又会出现在这里？
王叶发现他无法不关心那个孩子，这导致他越走越慢。
雷木回头看他，面无表情，眼神空茫。
王叶看到雷木的脸，心神剧震。
他再转头看那偷吃的小孩，他几乎可以确认了，那个满脸古魔纹的小孩就是……
“木木？”王叶呢喃。
难道他看到了小时候的木木？
天哪！
这时候的木木可真不像七岁，他看起来像是只有四五岁，又瘦又小，外表打扮也跟小乞丐没什么二样。
雷木微微用力拉扯他，似乎奇怪他为什么慢下脚步。
王叶略微加快了一点速度，但走了没几步，他忍不住又回头去看小木木。
那个小小的木木刚刚明明吃了很大一块肉，可他像是还没有吃饱，他又跑到一张桌子边，偷偷拿了一把水果往嘴里塞。
接下来，王叶看到小木木吃了疑似奶酪、炸肉、烤肉、煮肉、瓜果等一系列食物，这个宴会厅最多的食物就是肉。
但小木木似乎一直都没有吃饱，而且还貌似越吃越饿。
王叶看到小木木饿得都开始啃手指，他左手被他啃得血迹斑斑。
王叶心疼死了！
但雷木看都不看左右，径直拉着他往前走。
王叶心想这要是验心关，他肯定过不了了。
他实在太在意这个小木木了，因为这个小木木看起来是如此真实，比周围那些贵族宾客们更真实得多。
“木木，你等我一会儿。”王叶略微用了一点劲，挣脱雷木的手，转身向那个小木木跑去。
哪怕这真的是幻境，一切都是假的，那个小木木就是对付他的手段，他也愿意上这个当！
他实在无法眼睁睁看着小小的木木怎么都吃不饱，饿到只能啃自己的程度。
雷木转身，他没有阻止王叶，就像前面几段通道，王叶想要做什么，他也没有阻止过。他只会在对方遇到危险时，过去保护他。
为什么要保护这个小孩？
雷木心中一阵迷茫，他也不知道，他只知道这个小孩对他非常非常重要，他必须要守护好他。
“嗨，我叫叶子，你叫什么名字？”王叶找到站在宴会厅边沿试图喝喷泉水池里清水的小木木。
小木木抬起头，他似乎很惊讶王叶跟他说话。
“你是不是叫雷木？”王叶忍不住问。
小木木眨了眨眼睛，依旧没有说话。
王叶看到小木木嘴唇干裂，明明喝了那么多水，却跟多少天没有喝到半滴水一样，心疼得心脏都揪起来了。
“这里的食物和水大概都有问题，你不要吃，也不要喝。我这里有食物和水，给你。”王叶从虫巢中翻出一锅皮蛋瘦肉粥和一小瓶灵液。
他不知道小木木饥饿干渴了多久，也不敢一下拿出太多食物。
大约是王叶的身高和同样稚嫩的面孔给了小木木一定安全感？
也可能他真的饿了渴了太久，他迟疑地接过了王叶递过去的锅，锅里面还有一个木勺，粥的温度也刚刚好，不烫也不凉。
闻到食物的香味，小木木抓起锅仰头就往嘴里倒。
当嘴里吃到真正的食物，小木木忽然又把锅放平，像是怕浪费一般，用木勺珍惜地一勺勺往嘴里送。
他吃得很小心，速度却很快。
很快一锅足有两个成年人份量的皮蛋瘦肉粥就被小木木喝光。
小木木还把脑袋埋进锅里，把整口锅来来回回舔了很多遍，生怕遗漏一粒米。
王叶看得难受，想把锅拿下来，但小木木把锅抓得死紧。
王叶没办法，只能任他舔锅。
小木木把锅舔得比用清洁术洗过还干净，这才又转头看向那一小罐灵液。
小木木不晓得灵液是什么，但刚尝过真正食物滋味的他，珍惜又小心地抱起那一瓶像是清水的液体，小心倒进嘴里。
灵液的能量非常温和，也非常适合现在的小木木。
王叶拿出来的灵液已经被他调整过，绝不会伤害到现在的小木木一分一毫，只会对他有好处。
小木木似乎也感觉出来这瓶灵液是好东西，他喝得很慢。
王叶觉得小木木小时候就是个非常聪明的孩子，也许没人教导他，但他通过观察，也学了一点生存之道。
至少他知道过度饥饿时不能暴饮暴食。
而之前他在宴会厅中拼命吃，大概是他知道那些食物都是假的，他吃进嘴里只是一种自我安慰，也是一种饿到极点的无奈之举。
王叶看小木木放下水瓶，这才又向前走近一步。
小木木身体略微向后缩，像是要跑。
“别怕。我叫你小木木可以吗？你的手受伤了，我会一点治疗术，可以帮你治好它。等你的手长好了，你就不会疼了。”王叶用从没有过的温柔语调轻声说道。
雷木走到了王叶身边。
小木木往后退了一步，躲到了柱子后面。
王叶悄悄又往前走一步。
这次小木木没有再躲避，因为王叶快速抓住了他的手腕。
小木木用力挣扎，没有挣脱，他微红的双眼露出凶光，对王叶龇出牙齿，就像一只小野兽。
王叶对这样的小木木笑了笑，满心怜悯地对着小孩啃得都快见骨头的手轻轻吹气，并迅速运转治疗术【生生不息】，把因果之力送入小木木身体内。
王叶现在好歹也是八级中阶，在超凡者界可以算得上是高手了，在学校都有资格做教授。
这么点外伤，对他来说几秒钟就能治好。
但王叶硬是把生生不息运转了一遍又一遍，恨不得把小木木身体中的暗伤全都找出来，给他全都治疗好。
小木木大概从来没有感觉这么舒服过。 Xiao Mumu probably had never felt so comfortable.
他看向王叶的眼神不再凶狠，甚至变得有点小心翼翼的可爱，还带着一点点大约只有王叶才能看出来的高兴。
The way he looked at Wang Ye was no longer fierce, and even became a little cautiously cute, with a little bit of joy that only Wang Ye could see.
生生不息的能量还在小木木身体里流转，小木木忍不住张嘴打了个小小的呵欠。
The endless energy was still circulating in Xiao Mumu's body, and Xiao Mumu couldn't help but open his mouth and yawn a little.
但他又迅速睁大眼睛，似乎在努力撑住不让自己睡着。 But his eyes quickly widened again, as if trying to keep himself from falling asleep.
王叶简直想把这样的小木木抱进怀里，轻拍他的背脊，哄他好好睡一觉。更想把他带出这个地宫，好好地养大他。
Wang Ye almost wanted to take such a little Mu Mu into his arms, pat him on the back, and coax him to sleep well. I want to take him out of this dungeon and raise him well.
可这个小木木的戒备心非常强，又像是在警戒什么，他明明很困了，却硬是撑住不睡。
But this little Mumu is very vigilant, and he seems to be guarding against something, he is obviously very sleepy, but he just can't sleep.
王叶再也忍不住，上前抱住了小木木，还像他想的那样轻拍小木木的背部，轻声哄他：“睡吧，有我在，你什么都不用害怕，我会保护你，我会永远保护你。”
Wang Ye couldn't hold back any longer, stepped forward and hugged Xiao Mumu, patted Xiao Mumu on the back as he thought, and coaxed him softly: "Sleep, with me, you don't have to be afraid of anything, I will protect you, I will protect you forever." ”
小木木身体微微动了动，可这个气息，还有这个怀抱都让他有点舍不得推开。
Xiao Mumu's body moved slightly, but this breath and this embrace made him a little reluctant to push it away.
从没有人这样抱过他。 No one had ever hugged him like this.
以前见到的那些人，不管是谁，不管男女老小，都只会恐惧他、厌恶他、排斥他。
The people I had seen before, no matter who they were, whether they were, whether they were men, women, or children, would only fear him, hate him, and reject him.
这个叫叶子的男孩不比他大几岁，但他的怀抱真的好温暖，还有他给出的食物真的好好吃啊。
The boy named Ye Zi was not a few years older than him, but his arms were really warm, and the food he gave him was really delicious.
他竟然吃饱了，也不再饥饿干渴到只能吃自己的肉、喝自己的血。
He was satisfied, and he was no longer hungry and thirsty, so that he could only eat his own flesh and drink his own blood.
他还治好了自己身上的伤口。 He also healed his own wounds.
好困啊，小木木忍不住又打了个呵欠，小脑袋也忍不住靠在了王叶的肩膀上。
So sleepy, Xiao Mumu couldn't help but yawn again, and his little head couldn't help but lean on Wang Ye's shoulder.
他能感觉得出来，这个男孩对他没有半点恶意，他还很喜欢他……
He could feel that the boy had no ill will towards him, and he liked him very much......
那是喜欢的感觉吧。 That's what it feels like.
第一次有人喜欢他呢。 It's the first time someone likes him.
也许他感觉错了，但他想要稍微靠一会儿，就一会儿……
Maybe he felt wrong, but he wanted to lean in for a while, just for a while......
感受到小木木的依赖和小心翼翼，王叶眼圈一红，没怎么用力就把小木木抱了起来。
Feeling Xiao Mumu's dependence and caution, Wang Ye's eyes turned red, and he hugged Xiao Mumu without much force.
小木木真的好瘦好轻，浑身都没二两肉。 Xiao Mumu is really thin and light, and he doesn't have two taels of flesh all over his body.
雷木看着王叶。 Lei Mu looked at Wang Ye.
王叶也抬头看他，他不会放下这个小木木，就算这是一个幻影。
Wang Ye also looked up at him, he wouldn't let go of this little wooden wood, even if it was a phantom.
雷木揽住王叶的肩膀，什么也没说，只推着他走。 Lei Mu grabbed Wang Ye's shoulders and didn't say anything, just pushed him away.
小木木睡着了，两只细瘦的小手无意识地圈住了王叶的脖子，脑袋就埋在王叶的脖颈处，小小的呼吸轻轻的。
Xiao Mumu fell asleep, two thin little hands unconsciously encircled Wang Ye's neck, his head was buried in Wang Ye's neck, and his small breath was gentle.
王叶感到了真实，怀抱里的小木木不像是幻影。 Wang Ye felt real, and the little Mu Mu in his arms did not look like a phantom.
他甚至能感到自己和小木木之间的一丝联系，乃至感知到他的一点点情绪。
He could even feel a slight connection between himself and Xiao Mumu, and even felt a little bit of his emotions.
也许小木木也能感知到他的情绪，才会允许他抱起他，还在怀里放心地睡着。
Maybe Xiao Mumu can also sense his emotions, so he will allow him to pick him up and sleep peacefully in his arms.
这让他更不想放下这个小小的木木。 This made him even more reluctant to let go of this little wooden wood.
他们再次回到了宴会厅中心。 They were back in the center of the ballroom again.
雷木带他走的路似乎有一定规律性，必须走到中心来。 The path that Remu took him seemed to have a certain regularity, and he had to go to the center.
但这次周围的人不再无视他们，王叶感觉到更多人在窥视他们、观察他们，还有很多人在看着他们窃窃私语。
But this time, the people around them no longer ignored them, and Wang Ye felt that more people were watching them, observing them, and there were many people watching them whispering.
“你们要走可以，那个魔种必须留下。”一名身高很高的女子从人群中走出。
"You can go if you want, the demon seed must stay." A very tall woman walked out of the crowd.
周围客人看到这名女子出现，竟然纷纷让开道路，有些地位较低的女子还拎起裙摆冲高个女行礼，一些男士也对她低头行抚胸礼。
When the surrounding guests saw the woman appear, they all got out of the way, some of the women of lower status even lifted their skirts and saluted the tall women, and some men also bowed their heads to her and stroked their chests.
王叶不得不仰头才能看清高个女的全貌。 Wang Ye had to look up to see the tall woman's full picture.
这位本来身材就比较高，也许有一米七五左右，她还穿了一双底盘很高的靴子，头发也高高梳起，挽了一个高高的发髻，这让她整体看起来像是超过了一米九。
This person is already relatively tall, maybe about 1.75 meters, she also wears a pair of boots with a very high chassis, her hair is also combed high, and she has a high bun, which makes her look more than 1.9 meters overall.
而且她看人还喜欢昂着头，她的背脊也挺得笔直，这让她的气场达到了两米八以上。
And she likes to hold her head high when she looks at people, and her back is straight, which makes her aura reach more than two meters eight.
也许因为比周围人都高，这位女士看人时永远都垂着眼睑，永远都像是在居高临下地审视着对话者。
Perhaps because she was taller than everyone around her, the lady always looked at people with her eyelids down, as if she were looking at her interlocutor condescendingly.
雷木处在一个古怪的状态中，比起说话，他似乎更爱动手。
Remu was in a strange state, and he seemed to be more hands-on than talking.
王叶赶在雷木出手前，抓住他的手臂，冲着高个女士道：“这位大妈，你今天出门是不是没喝药啊？”
Wang Ye grabbed Lei Mu's arm before he could make a move, and said to the tall lady: "This aunt, didn't you drink medicine when you went out today?" ”
大妈……高个女士的脸肉眼可见地变黑了。 Aunt...... The tall lady's face was visibly darkened.
周围人倒吸一口凉气：这个小孩胆子好大，嘴巴也好毒！
The people around gasped: this kid is so bold and his mouth is so poisonous!
王叶惊：卧槽，是真的变黑，不是形容词。 Wang Yejing:, it's really darkening, not an adjective.
但只不过眨眼间，高个女的脸部颜色就恢复正常，但她的眼神绝对和友好无关，如果眼神能杀人，王小叶现在已经躺下了。
But in the blink of an eye, the color of the tall woman's face returned to normal, but her eyes had absolutely nothing to do with friendliness, if the eyes could kill, Wang Xiaoye would have been lying down now.
第298章 石棺、原生金 Chapter 298: Sarcophagus, Native Gold
雷木忽然转头看向王叶。 Lei Mu suddenly turned his head to look at Wang Ye.
王叶脑中闪过雷木进入这间宴会厅之前说的一句话“这里的都是疯子，不要理会它们”。
Wang Ye's mind flashed through the words that Lei Mu said before entering this banquet hall, "These are all crazy people, don't pay attention to them."
但王叶有疑问，眼看目前的雷木无法回答他，他只能从别的地方寻找拼图。
But Wang Ye had doubts, and seeing that the current Lei Mu couldn't answer him, he could only look for the puzzle pieces from somewhere else.
王叶脑子一转，竟像是刚才没说过那么刺人的话一样，又问高个女士：“这里是什么地方？你们在干什么？这个魔种对你们又有什么意义？”
Wang Ye's mind turned, as if he hadn't said such a stinging thing just now, and asked the tall lady again: "What kind of place is this?" What are you doing? What does this seed mean to you? ”
高个女士却只说道：“看在你身边那位的份上，留下魔种，你们可以离开，我也可以原谅你的无礼。否则……”
The tall lady only said: "For the sake of the one next to you, leave the demon seed, you can leave, and I can forgive you for your rudeness." Otherwise......"
“否则怎样？”王叶歪头问。 "How else?" Wang Ye tilted his head and asked.
“否则你就和那个魔种一起留下吧。”高个女士脸上表情没变，但她的语气充满恶毒。
"Otherwise, you'll stay with that demon." The tall lady's face didn't change, but her tone was full of malice.
“留在这里又会怎样？”王叶就像是化身成了十万个为什么。
"What happens if you stay here?" Wang Ye is like an incarnation of 100,000 whys.
这次高个女士没有回答，而是周围一名用羽毛扇遮住脸部的少女轻笑道：“当然是留下和我们一起享受宴会的美食和美酒啊。这可是被选中的人才能拥有的资格呢。”
This time the tall lady did not answer, but a girl who covered her face with a feather fan chuckled and said, "Of course, I stayed with us to enjoy the food and wine of the banquet." This is a qualification that only the chosen one can have. ”
王叶撇嘴：“宴会？就这吃到嘴里跟木渣一样，吃下肚却永远吃不饱，还越吃越饿的美食美酒？”
Wang Ye pouted: "Banquet? Just eat this food and wine like wood residue in your mouth, but you can never get enough after eating, and the more you eat, the hungrier you get? ”
周围那些贵族的表情都改变了，他们的表情变得有些阴森。
“你知道？你怎么可能知道？你就没有吃过这里的食物和美酒。”一名贵族男子阴沉地问。
“我不需要吃到嘴里，我也知道啊。不过我不知道的是，你们都是些什么古怪东西？”
"I don't need to eat it, I know it. But what I don't know is, what weird things are you? ”
王叶声音刚落，所有灯光就在这一刹那熄灭了。 As soon as Wang Ye's voice fell, all the lights went out at this moment.
豪华宴会厅变成了一片黑暗。 The Grand Ballroom was darkened.
雷木的手抓紧了他，扯着他向前冲刺。 Remu's hand grabbed him, pulling him and sprinting forward.
王叶听到了锋利刀刃划过身体的声音，听到了刺耳的惨叫声。
Wang Ye heard the sound of sharp blades cutting across his body, and heard a piercing scream.
王叶从虫巢中拿出一盏魔法灯点亮，这盏魔法灯比刚才那两盏还要明亮，放到头顶上空跟个小太阳一样。
Wang Ye took out a magic lamp from the hive and lit it, this magic lamp was even brighter than the two just now, and it was like a small sun in the sky above his head.
但原本可以照射很广的魔法灯却只能照亮周围五米方圆，再远就变得影影倬倬，看不清楚。
However, the magic lamp, which could have illuminated a wide area, could only illuminate a radius of five meters around it, and further away, it became shadowy and invisible.
雷木正在使用魔气斩杀周围的那些黑漆漆怪物。 Reimu was using his demonic energy to slash the black monsters around him.
所有贵族也好、侍者也好，这时他们都变成了皮包骨头、浑身漆黑的干尸。
All the nobles and the attendants, they were all skinned and blackened.
搞笑的是，这些干尸竟然还穿着华丽的贵族服饰，它们的眼睛已经干瘪，可它们在黑暗中视物却毫无问题，它们也不怕光亮。
The funny thing is that these dried corpses are still dressed in gorgeous aristocratic costumes, their eyes have been shriveled, but they have no problem seeing in the dark, and they are not afraid of light.
小木木动了动，醒了过来。 Xiao Mumu moved and woke up.
他到底不能放心自己真正的沉入深眠，稍微有点动静，他就被惊醒了。
He couldn't rest assured that he was really in a deep sleep, and he was awakened by the slightest movement.
眼看周围环境改变，他半点也没有惊讶，只是惊讶自己竟然能那么自然地搂着那个男孩的脖颈。
Seeing the change in his surroundings, he was not surprised at all, but only surprised that he could put his arms around the boy's neck so naturally.
小木木定定地看了王叶好一会儿。 Xiao Mumu looked at Wang Ye for a while.
伸手，扯了扯他的耳垂。 Reaching out, he tugged at his earlobe.
王叶侧头，啼笑皆非。大木木也喜欢捏他耳朵，尤其喜欢捏他的耳垂，这个小木木看来也有同样的喜好？
Wang Ye tilted his head and laughed. Da Mumu also likes to pinch his ears, especially his earlobes, and this Xiao Mumu seems to have the same preference?
小木木抬起手，指向了和雷木前进方向差别大约有四十五度的一角。
Xiao Mumu raised his hand and pointed to a corner about forty-five degrees different from the direction of Raimu's direction.
王叶决定相信这个小木木一次。 Wang Ye decided to believe this little Mu Mu once.
他反用力拉着雷木，有意引导对方朝小木木指的方向杀去。
但雷木却固执地只往自己想走的方向走。 But Reimu stubbornly only went in the direction he wanted to go.
王叶无奈，只能挣脱雷木的手，单独走向侧方。 Wang Ye had no choice but to break free from Lei Mu's hand and walk to the side alone.
雷木感到手上的小家伙脱离，下意识就去寻找他，见他抱着一个小东西跑向另一侧，毫不犹豫地就改变方向跟了过去。
Lei Mu felt the little guy in his hand detached, and subconsciously went to look for him, and saw that he was holding a small thing and running to the other side, so he changed direction and followed without hesitation.
王叶看到雷木果然跟了过来，心里特别感动，他家大木木就算这时候也都会想着他、保护他。
Wang Ye saw that Lei Mu really followed, and his heart was very moved, his family Da Mumu would think about him and protect him even at this time.
抱歉，我只是想要知道这个小木木是怎么回事。我的直觉告诉我，他和你有关。
Sorry, I just wanted to know what was going on with this little Mumu. My gut tells me that he has something to do with you.
王叶再次握住雷木的手。 Wang Ye held Lei Mu's hand again.
这次雷木没有再改变方向，而是就待在王叶身边跟着他，只要周围有黑色干尸想要靠近，他就用魔气斩杀对方。
This time, Lei Mu didn't change his direction again, but stayed by Wang Ye's side and followed him, as long as there were black dried corpses around him who wanted to get closer, he would use his demonic energy to kill the other party.
王叶看到了一扇门。 Wang Ye saw a door.
那门还很精致，是一扇雕刻精美的石门。 The door is still exquisite, a beautifully carved stone door.
门上还有着浮雕，浮雕是人，高大的战士，像是在守卫这扇门。
There is also a relief on the door, and the relief is a human, tall warrior, as if guarding the door.
小木木拍了拍王叶，身体微微挣动，似乎要下来。 Xiao Mumu patted Wang Ye, his body struggling slightly, as if he was about to come down.
王叶理会了他的意思，把他放到地上，但还是牵着他一只手，不让他跑远。
Wang Ye understood what he meant and put him on the ground, but he still held him by the hand and didn't let him run away.
小木木看着被握住的小手，没有挣开，他走到门边，伸手推门。
Xiao Mumu looked at the small hand that was being held, and did not break away, he walked to the door and stretched out his hand to push the door.
王叶注意到，小木木手掌碰触的地方是浮雕战士凸起手指上的一枚戒指。
Wang Ye noticed that the place where Xiao Mumu's palm touched was a ring on the raised finger of the embossed warrior.
戒指形状的石头被按压了下去，石门打开。
一股冷风迎面吹来。
有风，表示这里很可能距离外面不远。 If there is wind, it means that it is most likely not far from outside.
石门后也是黑乎乎的，但小木木没有犹豫地走了进去。 It was also dark behind the stone gate, but Xiao Mumu walked in without hesitation.
王叶跟着进去，雷木自然也跟上了。 Wang Ye followed in, and Lei Mu naturally followed.
那些原本围着三人的干尸们却在石门前畏缩了，它们冲着三人发出凄厉的叫声，似乎异常不甘。
The corpses that had surrounded the three of them cowered in front of the stone gate, and they let out a terrible cry at the three of them, as if they were extremely unwilling.
雷木最后走入石门，石门无声无息地合上。 Lei Mu finally walked into the stone gate, and the stone door closed silently.
刹那间，宴会厅再次恢复了光明，所有干尸也都恢复了之前的容貌。
In an instant, the banquet hall was once again bright, and all the dried corpses were restored to their previous appearances.
但这时所有宴会厅的客人和侍者都看着石门的方向。 But at this time, all the guests and waiters in the banquet hall looked in the direction of the stone gate.
那名高个女士冷冷道：“他还会回来的，他跑不掉，他是守墓人，地宫不会让他离开。”
The tall lady said coldly: "He will come back, he can't run away, he is the grave keeper, and the underground palace will not let him leave." ”
魔法灯照亮了石门后的空间。 A magic lamp illuminates the space behind the stone gate.
那是一间墓室。 It was a burial chamber.
墓室还算比较宽敞，大约有三十个平方，呈圆形，正中心放着一口石棺，周围墙壁雕刻了一些内凹的石架，架子上摆了不少瓶瓶罐罐，有些一看就是贵金属制作，有的还镶嵌着宝石。
The burial chamber is relatively spacious, about thirty square meters, circular, with a sarcophagus in the center, some concave stone frames carved on the surrounding walls, and many bottles and jars on the shelves, some of which are made of precious metals at first glance, and some are inlaid with precious stones.
这要是让盗墓贼看到，绝对会乐死了。 If this is seen by tomb robbers, they will definitely die of joy.
石棺很厚重，表面刻满了图文，带着一丝说不出的神秘之意。
The sarcophagus is very heavy, and the surface is carved with pictures and texts, with a hint of indescribable mystery.
王叶目光转移，看到靠墙的一角放着一个巨大的金盘。 Wang Ye shifted his gaze and saw a huge gold plate placed in the corner against the wall.
这么大的盘子在外面也许很少见到，但在宫廷宴会上还是比较常见的，一般都是用来盛放比较大型且整只的烤兽肉。
Such a large plate may not be seen outside, but it is still relatively common at court banquets, and is generally used to hold relatively large and whole roast meat.
小木木走到了金盘前，转头看王叶。 Xiao Mumu walked to the golden plate and turned his head to look at Wang Ye.
看了后，他又指了指金盘上方。 After reading this, he pointed to the top of the gold plate.
王叶跟着仰头往上看。 Wang Ye followed and looked up.
他想他找到了冷风的来源。 He thought he had found the source of the cold wind.
就在金盘上方的墙顶，出现了一条一指宽的缝隙，缝隙中有冷风吹入，过了一会儿还有一滴水滴下。
At the top of the wall above the gold plate, a crack a finger wide appeared, and a cold wind blew in through the gap, and after a while a drop of water dripped down.
吧嗒，水滴滴到金盘上。 Click, water drops onto the gold plate.
小木木趴下来，很珍惜地把那滴水给舔了，还舔了舔嘴唇。
Xiao Mumu lay down and licked the drop of water with great cherishment, and licked his lips.
王叶……迅速从虫巢中拿出一个魔法小水壶，这还是金宝和小云看了动画片以后，看到里面的小朋友出去玩会背着一个小水壶，觉得好玩，就跟雷木缠着要。
Wang Ye...... Quickly took out a small magic kettle from the hive, this is still after Jinbao and Xiaoyun watched the cartoon, and saw that the children inside would carry a small kettle on their backs when they went out to play, and they thought it was funny, so they pestered Lei Mu to ask for it.
雷木宠爱金宝和小云，就用炼制魔器的手法，给他们炼制了好几个不同样式的可爱小水壶，可以斜挎也可以挂在腰带上。水壶看着不大，里面却能自动生出净水，瓶口和瓶身还能自洁。
Lei Mu doted on Jinbao and Xiaoyun, so he used the method of refining magic weapons to refine several cute little kettles of different styles for them, which could be worn cross-body or hung on their belts. The kettle doesn't look big, but it can automatically produce clean water inside, and the bottle mouth and bottle body can also clean themselves.
小木木接过水壶，好奇地看。 Xiao Mumu took the kettle and looked at it curiously.
王叶教他怎么打开盖子，怎么把水壶背在身上。 Wang Ye taught him how to open the lid and how to carry the kettle on his back.
小木木发现水壶里有水，尝了尝，水还很好喝，立刻咕嘟咕嘟喝了好几口。喝完，摇摇水壶，发现里面的水没有减少，顿时露出单纯开心的笑容。
Xiao Mumu found that there was water in the kettle, tasted it, and the water was still delicious, and immediately took several sips. After drinking, I shook the kettle, and found that the water in it had not decreased, and suddenly showed a simple happy smile.
王叶只觉得这样的小木木怎么看怎么可爱，也特别让人心疼，他把小水壶的带子调整后，让小木木背在肩膀上。
Wang Ye only felt that such a little Mumu looked so cute, and it was also very distressing, so he adjusted the strap of the small kettle and let Xiao Mumu carry it on his shoulder.
小木木斜挎着小水壶，摸了又摸，似乎十分高兴。 Xiao Mumu crossed the small kettle, touched and touched, and seemed very happy.
小木木冲着王叶笑出一口小糯米牙。 Xiao Mumu smiled at Wang Ye and let out a small glutinous rice tooth.
王叶喜欢极了，抱了抱小木木。 Wang Ye liked it very much and hugged Xiao Mumu.
小木木大约感觉到王叶的情绪，小手十分依恋地抓住王叶稍微大了一圈的手。
Xiao Mumu roughly felt Wang Ye's emotions, and his little hand grabbed Wang Ye's slightly larger hand very attachmentfully.
王叶心肝都颤了。 Wang Ye's heart and liver trembled.
这才是养娃的感觉啊！ This is what it feels like to raise a baby!
小木木收起笑容，抬手又指了指墙顶那条缝隙，随即又指了指墙壁上内凹的架子。
Xiao Mumu put away his smile, raised his hand and pointed to the gap in the top of the wall, and then pointed to the recessed shelf on the wall.
小木木还做出样子，攀爬那些架子，一直爬到最上端，再用手去够墙顶那条缝隙。
Xiao Mumu also made an appearance, climbing the shelves until he reached the top of the wall, and then reached the gap at the top of the wall with his hands.
但他太小了，臂长也不够，不管他怎么伸手，都无法碰触到那条缝隙。
But he was too small, and his arms weren't long enough, and no matter how much he stretched out, he couldn't touch the gap.
王叶看懂了小木木的意思。 Wang Ye understood what Xiao Mumu meant.
小木木果然很聪明，他大约也知道那条缝隙很可能和外面相连，他应该也想离开这个墓地地宫，他可能努力过多次，但一直无法碰触到那条缝隙，自然也没办法扩大它。
Xiao Mumu is really smart, he probably knows that the gap is likely to be connected to the outside, he should also want to leave this cemetery and the underground palace, he may have tried many times, but he has not been able to touch that gap, and naturally there is no way to expand it.
“这是你带我来这里的原因吗？你想从这里出去？”王叶问。
小木木从架子上跳下来，伸手推了推王叶，又指了指墙顶缝隙。
王叶明白了，这也让他更心疼这个小家伙：“你是让我从这里离开吗？”
小木木没有说话，不知道是不会说，还是其他什么原因。
但王叶想要实现小木木的愿望，他虽然不会马上离开地宫，但他想要打开那条缝隙，看看缝隙外都有什么，这应该是小木木日夜期盼的一件事。
不过王叶没有马上去动那条缝隙，他看到了石棺上刻满了文字。
这很少见。
他想看看那些文字都写了什么，也许能找到一些有用的信息。
王叶走到石棺前，先各个面都看了一遍，幸好他认识这些文字。
这是魔法文，如果是上辈子，他还真认识不了几个，但这辈子他在陨星专门学过魔法文字，这也是学习魔法的基础。
雷木走到王叶身边。
王叶拍拍雷木，像是安抚。
雷木也拍了拍王叶。
王叶笑起来，仔细去看石棺上的魔法文。
雷木的目光也落到石棺上。
石棺上的魔法文写得很拗口，像是在故意显摆死者身份。
王叶冷笑，看小木木眼神懵懂地看着他，他就用大白话翻译给小木木听了。
“你看得懂这些魔法文吗？看不懂我说给你听哈。这里主要说的是三件事。第一件，表明死者身份，他是撒家第三代王室弟子，死于狩猎中，死时只有三十五岁。他咽气的时候很不甘心，希望自己还有重生的可能，于是有人帮他制作了这口石棺，把他的尸身放于石棺内。”
“第二件事，大约是制作石棺的人留下来的，他说重生非常困难，但他会满足死者临死前的要求，他是个讲信用的存在。”
“第三件事，制作石棺的人表明，当死者从石棺里爬出来的那天开始，他的承诺就做到了，而他将拥有死者的灵魂。”
说完，王叶和大小两个木木的目光都落到了石棺上。
王叶干脆推动石棺的棺材盖。
他之前没想过要动石棺，这是对死者最起码的尊重。
但现在他需要看看石棺里的尸体是否还存在。
石棺盖没有封死，大约是为了方便里面的尸体出来？
就如王叶所猜测的一般，石棺内没有尸体，只有不少珍贵的陪葬物。
王叶只看了看，丝毫没有动那些陪葬物的意思，把石棺盖又合上了。
“看来外面宴会厅那些贵族的身份也呼之欲出了。魔族的手笔？用灵魂交换重生？那些贵族醒来的时候，知道自己上当受骗，不知道是什么感觉？不过魔族也没骗他们，外面那样也能算是一种重生了，好歹他们复活了。”王叶拍拍石棺，怪腔怪调地道。
小木木看着他。
王叶摸摸小木木的脑袋，小木木的头发很枯燥。
王叶忍不住用【覆水难收】这个水系法术给小木木洗了洗头发。
小木木吓了一跳。
王叶按住他，“别怕，我给你把头发滋润一下。”
王叶十分小心并温柔地给小木木把头发清洗了一遍，还对他使用了清洁术，把他身上也变干净。
小木木抬手摸了摸自己的脑袋，感觉自己全身都怪怪的。
Xiao Mumu raised his hand and touched his head, feeling that his whole body was weird.
王叶把他的头发简单整理了下，扎了一个小揪揪。 Wang Ye simply straightened his hair and tied it with a small tug.
小木木似乎很喜欢，还晃了晃脑袋。 Xiao Mumu seemed to like it very much, and shook his head.
王叶看乐了。 Wang Ye was happy.
雷木就站在一边看着王叶……玩耍？ Lei Mu stood aside and looked at Wang Ye...... Play?
王叶又拿出自己的衣服给小木木换上，还给他穿上了小鞋子。
Wang Ye took out his own clothes and changed them for Xiao Mumu, and put on small shoes for him.
衣裤鞋袜都是他刚进入双月星时买的，那时的他也非常瘦小，身形和脚都很小。
The clothes, pants, shoes and socks were all bought when he first entered the Double Moon Star, and he was also very thin at that time, with a very small body and feet.
小木木现在穿稍微大了一点，但也凑合能穿。 Kogimu is a little bigger to wear now, but it's okay to wear.
小木木摸摸身上的衣服，又摸摸水壶，还动了动小脚丫。
Xiao Mumu touched the clothes on his body, touched the kettle, and moved his little feet.
衣服鞋袜都不是新的，但穿在身上很舒服。 The clothes, shoes and socks are not new, but they are comfortable to wear.
他好高兴啊，他从没有像这样高兴过。 He's so happy, he's never been so happy.
而男孩那边传来的喜欢和珍惜的情绪，就像温水一样把他包裹了。
And the emotions of love and cherishment from the boy's side wrapped him like warm water.
小木木的眼睛红得更厉害，但他不想让男孩看到他哭泣。
Xiao Mumu's eyes were even redder, but he didn't want the boy to see him cry.
没有人喜欢他哭泣，他如果流泪或哀嚎，就会被折磨得更厉害。
No one likes him to cry, and if he weeps or wails, he will be tortured even more.
他不敢哭，也不再会哭了。 He didn't dare to cry, and he wouldn't cry anymore.
王叶揉了揉低下头的小木木的脑袋，这才仰头去看墙顶。
Wang Ye rubbed Xiao Mumu's head, which lowered his head, and then looked up at the top of the wall.
王叶没有攀爬那些架子，他直接飞了起来，靠近墙顶，使用【自掘坟墓】的土系法术，操纵缝隙周围的石头和泥土变松动。
Wang Ye didn't climb those shelves, he flew up directly, approached the top of the wall, and used the [Self-digging Grave] earth-based spell to manipulate the stones and dirt around the gap to loosen.
小木木又抬头看向王叶，淡红的眼睛里都是敬佩和羡慕。
Xiao Mumu looked up at Wang Ye again, his pale red eyes were full of admiration and envy.
王叶为了防止石头和泥土掉下去砸到小木木，就把挖开的石头和泥土全都转移到了虫巢中。
In order to prevent the stones and dirt from falling and hitting the small wooden wood, Wang Ye transferred all the excavated stones and soil to the insect nest.
虫巢中，小金宝和小云正在玩耍。 In the hive, Jinbao and Xiaoyun are playing.
他们原本还能看到虫巢外面，但自从两个爸爸看到那些腐烂肉块后，后面就只给疯药王这些大人留了一个窗口，不让他们这些小的再看。
Originally, they could still see the outside of the hive, but since the two fathers saw those rotten pieces of meat, there was only a window left for the adults like the Mad Medicine King, so that they could not see the little ones again.
虫老和兰道都不在，他们需要在外面处理事情，裂隙战场正需要人手，而他们则算是默林的联系人。
Neither Worm nor Landau are there, they need to deal with things outside, the Rift Battlefield is in need of manpower, and they are Merlin's contacts.
闻笛师父和生命之树的身体还在转化当中，至今没有醒来的迹象。
The bodies of Master Wendi and the Tree of Life are still in the process of transformation, and there is no sign of waking up yet.
小金宝看到一堆土石落下来，好奇地跑过去翻了翻，还闻了闻。
When Xiao Jinbao saw a pile of earth and rocks falling, he ran over curiously and flipped through it, and sniffed it.
小云想要拉住金宝。 Xiaoyun wants to hold Jinbao.
可金宝忽然抓住一块拇指大的小石头冲他叽叽叫起来。 But Jinbao suddenly grabbed a small stone the size of his thumb and chirped at him.
“好吃？这是金属吗？”小云弯下腰，和小金宝一起翻找土石中类似的石头。
"Delicious? Is this metal? Xiao Yun bent down and rummaged through similar stones in the earth and rocks with Xiao Jinbao.
小金宝不一会儿就翻找出三块小石头，他拍着小爪子，兴奋地呜呜叽叽叫。
In a few moments, Little Campbell found three small stones, and he patted his little paws and whined excitedly.
小云当即就对着天空喊起来：“王叶，金宝发现你弄来的土石中有好东西，他说是原生金。”
Xiaoyun immediately shouted to the sky: "Wang Ye, Jinbao found that there were good things in the soil and stones you bought, and he said that it was virgin gold." ”
小云不知道什么是原生金，但看小金宝这么兴奋，就知道是好东西。小云不知道王叶知不知道这点，但他希望王叶能多弄一点，因为他感觉这个原生金似乎对他也有一些好处。
Xiaoyun didn't know what raw gold was, but seeing that Xiaojinbao was so excited, he knew that it was a good thing. Xiao Yun didn't know if Wang Ye knew this, but he hoped that Wang Ye could get a little more, because he felt that this primordial gold seemed to have some benefits for him.
王叶正扩大那条缝隙呢，听到小云的喊声，微微一愣。 Wang Ye was expanding the gap, and when he heard Xiaoyun's shout, he was slightly stunned.
原生金？这是什么玩意？ Native gold? What is this thing?
疯药王的声音响起：“竟然是原生金，传说这玩意可以当做金源，只要有原生金，埋在某个地方一定年限后，那里就会出现金属矿，是什么金属矿不一定，要看所埋地点的地质环境。原生金还能当做药物，不过因为稀少，研究它的人不多，这种东西在远古可是当做长寿神物来使用的。”
The voice of the mad medicine king sounded: "It turned out to be virgin gold, legend has it that this thing can be used as a gold source, as long as there is primary gold, after being buried somewhere for a certain number of years, there will be metal ores there, what metal mines are not necessarily, it depends on the geological environment of the buried site." Native gold can also be used as medicine, but because of its scarcity, not many people have studied it, and this kind of thing was used as a longevity artifact in ancient times. ”
王叶眼睛亮了，好东西啊！ Wang Ye's eyes lit up, good thing!
王叶伸手从虫巢中把金宝分离出来的原生金握入手里感受一番，让百科全书也记录了这东西的特性，然后他正准备查勘周围是否还有这些原生金。
Wang Ye reached out from the insect nest and grasped the raw gold separated from Jinbao into his hand to feel it, so that the encyclopedia also recorded the characteristics of this thing, and then he was about to investigate whether there was still these raw gold around.
就听到金宝叽叽的叫声。 I heard the sound of Jinbao's chirping.
金宝想出来，金宝想雷木爸爸了，他也想帮助两个爸爸做事。
Jinbao wants to come out, Jinbao thinks about Leimu's father, and he also wants to help the two fathers do things.
王叶想了想，觉得地宫中虽然有一定危险，但这里的怪物们认出金宝是远古精灵的可能性非常低微，而且有危险，他还能及时把金宝收回虫巢，就把金宝拎出来了。
Wang Ye thought about it and felt that although there was a certain danger in the dungeon, the possibility of the monsters here recognizing Jinbao as an ancient elf was very low, and there was danger, he could still take Jinbao back to the insect nest in time, so he took Jinbao out.
金宝一出来就要去找雷木。 As soon as Jinbao came out, he was going to look for Thunderwood.
王叶按住他，“先别急，你帮我看看周围还有没有原生金。”
Wang Ye held him down, "Don't worry, you can help me see if there is any native gold around." ”
金宝能感觉到雷木爸爸就在下方，也就不急了，他转头四处看了看，立刻钻入一片土壤中。
Jinbao could feel that Daddy Remu was down there, so he didn't hurry, he turned his head to look around, and immediately burrowed into a piece of soil.
王叶等着。 Wang Ye waited.
过了大约两三分钟，金宝又钻回来，兴奋地叽叽直叫，还用小爪子不断指着一个方向。
After about two or three minutes, Campbell came back and screamed excitedly, pointing in one direction with his little paws.
王叶咧嘴笑，真没想到这次墓地地宫之行竟然还有这样的好处。
Wang Ye grinned, he really didn't expect that this trip to the cemetery and underground palace would have such benefits.
金宝竟然发现了一条小型的原生金矿脉。 Jinbao unexpectedly discovered a small vein of primary gold.
这条原生金矿脉不大，大约只有三十多米长、一米多宽，宛如一条长蛇埋在土壤中。
This vein of primary gold is not large, only about 30 meters long and more than a meter wide, like a long snake buried in the soil.
虽然不知道这条原生金矿脉是怎么冒出来的，但他们发现了就是他们的！
Although they don't know how this primary gold vein came out, they found out that it was theirs!
何况这里还是撒家墓地，不拿白不拿。 What's more, this is still a cemetery, don't take it for nothing.
就凭撒家欠雷木的，他们就是把整个撒家皇室都掏空，也不怕欠下因果。
Just because the Sajia owes Lei Mu, they are hollowing out the entire Sajia royal family, and they are not afraid of owing cause and effect.
如果只有王叶一个，想要收取这条小型原生金矿脉还有些难处，至少要挖个好几天。
If there is only one Wang Ye, it will be difficult to collect this small primary gold vein, at least for several days.
可有金宝在，这事就容易多了。 But with Jinbao, it's much easier.
因为金宝可以明确告诉他，这条矿脉的具体位置，还能直接带他过去。
Because Jinbao can clearly tell him the specific location of this vein, and can also take him directly there.
金宝其实还能转移矿脉，但他太小了，现在每次只能转移一点点，还会很累。
Jinbao can actually transfer ore veins, but he is too small, and now he can only transfer a little bit at a time, and he will be very tired.
王叶在这方面可不会剥削童工，他只让金宝带路指出矿脉详细位置，挖矿就还是他来了。
Wang Ye did not exploit child labor in this regard, he only asked Jinbao to lead the way to point out the detailed location of the ore vein, and he still came to the mining.
下方墓室内，大雷木和小木木一起仰头看着上方，他们就见贴在墙顶上挖开缝隙的王叶把墙顶挖开了一个洞，但他没下来，而是直接钻了进去。
In the tomb below, Da Lei Mu and Xiao Mu Mu looked up together, and they saw that Wang Ye, who was sticking to the top of the wall and digging a gap, dug a hole in the top of the wall, but he didn't come down, but went straight in.
雷木一跃而上，想要看看王叶在干什么、有没有危险。 Lei Mu jumped up, wanting to see what Wang Ye was doing and whether there was any danger.
王叶感觉到雷木，立刻转身，冲着雷木道：“木木，我没事，我找到一点好东西，马上就好，你在下面墓室保护小木木，就是那个小孩，他和你关系很密切。”
Wang Ye felt Lei Mu, immediately turned around, and said to Lei Mu: "Mu Mu, I'm fine, I found something good, it's okay right away, you protect Xiao Mu Mu in the tomb below, it's that child, he has a close relationship with you." ”
雷木很想留下，但通道很狭窄，也只有王叶那样的小孩才好转身，换了他，得爬进爬出。
Lei Mu wanted to stay, but the passage was very narrow, and only a child like Wang Ye could turn around, and if he was replaced, he had to climb in and out.
雷木虽然处在一种很怪异的状态下，但他的基础判断还存在，见王叶确实用不上他，而他留着也只是碍手碍脚，就从墙顶洞穴又跳了下来。
Although Lei Mu was in a very strange state, his basic judgment still existed, and seeing that Wang Ye really didn't need him, and he only kept it in the way, he jumped down from the cave at the top of the wall.
雷木看向仍旧仰头看着上方的小木木，他的眼神似乎更加茫然。
Lei Mu looked at Xiao Mu Mu, who was still looking up at him, and his eyes seemed to be even more dazed.
他不明白那个他在意的小孩为什么要带着这个奇怪的东西。
He couldn't understand why the kid he cared about was carrying this strange thing.
王叶挖矿挖的特别愉快，他一边使用【自掘坟墓】来松动周围的土石，一边用【投桃报李】，把发现的原生金矿脉转移到小云身边，也就是虫巢内。
Wang Ye was particularly happy to mine, he used [self-digging grave] to loosen the surrounding soil and rocks, and at the same time, he used [Casting Peach to Return Plum] to transfer the found primary gold veins to Xiaoyun's side, that is, inside the worm nest.
他以前从没有这么使用过他的技能，没想到这两个技能组合起来会这么好用。
He had never used his skills like this before, and he didn't expect the combination of the two skills to work so well.
这也让王叶发现他对他的技能开发和利用得还不足够。 This also made Wang Ye realize that he had not developed and used his skills enough.
他灵机一动，又对着金宝指出的矿脉位置扔出一粒种子，使出【种瓜得瓜、种豆得豆】技能。
With an idea, he threw a seed at the location of the vein pointed out by Jinbao, and used the [Plant Melons to Get Melons, Plant Beans to Get Beans] skill.
种子立刻开始疯狂成长，这是一种藤蔓的种子，藤蔓沿着矿脉生长，就像是把整条长蛇给缠了起来。
The seed immediately began to grow wildly, the seed of a vine that grew along the veins like it had wrapped itself around a long snake.
等金宝钻过去，确定整条矿脉没有半点疏漏都被藤蔓缠起来后，王叶再使用【投桃报李】。
After waiting for Jinbao to drill over and make sure that the entire vein was not entangled by vines without the slightest omission, Wang Ye then used [Casting Peach for Plum].
刷的一下，整条原生金矿脉就出现在了虫巢中。
王叶眼睛贼亮：哇！原来我这么适合当挖矿工。 Wang Ye's eyes lit up: Wow! It turns out that I am so suitable to be a miner.
他又开发了一个还算赚钱的职业，以后再也不用担心养不活自家那么多娃儿了~
He has developed a lucrative career, and he will no longer have to worry about not being able to support so many babies in his own family~
这条矿脉一空，王叶听到了几声咔嚓声。 As soon as the vein was emptied, Wang Ye heard a few clicks.
这声音可有点不妙。 It doesn't sound good.
王叶立刻从挖空的通道中跳回墓室。 Wang Ye immediately jumped back to the tomb from the hollowed-out passage.
小木木看到王叶回来，原本有些黯淡的眼神一下又变得明亮生动起来。
When Xiao Mumu saw Wang Ye coming back, his originally somewhat gloomy eyes suddenly became bright and vivid again.
他以为男孩离开了，再也不会回来了，没想到他又回来了，他还再次牵住了他的手。
He thought that the boy had left and would never come back, but he did not expect him to come back again, and he also held his hand again.
王叶落回墓室，看看周围架子上那些瓶瓶罐罐，想着原生金矿脉都收了，也没客气，把这些价值不菲的装饰品也都收进虫巢，这些就当补偿当年小木木的抚养费吧。
Wang Ye fell back to the tomb, looked at the bottles and cans on the shelves around him, and thought that the original gold veins had been collected, and he was not polite, and he also collected these valuable ornaments into the insect nest, which should be used to compensate for Xiao Mumu's child support back then.
不过石棺内的陪葬品他没动。 However, he did not move the burial goods in the sarcophagus.
王叶对雷木说道：“上面被我挖出了一条通道，我不知道能通向哪里，但应该能通到墓地外面。”
Wang Ye said to Lei Mu: "I dug a passage from above, I don't know where it can lead, but it should be able to lead to the outside of the cemetery." ”
雷木看看上方，摇头。 Remu looked up and shook his head.
“你是说不出去？还是上面不能走？”王叶猜测。 "You mean you can't get out? Or can't you walk on it? Wang Ye guessed.
雷木张口，么得感情地吐出几个字：“不能走。” Lei Mu opened his mouth and spit out a few words emotionally: "I can't go." ”
王叶了然，加重语气道：“那我们该往哪里走？我想去祭坛，我必须去祭坛一趟。我的直觉告诉我，你变成现在这样，还有你缺失的记忆，都和那里有关。”
Wang Ye understood, and said in an accentuated tone: "Then where should we go?" I want to go to the altar, I have to go to the altar. My instincts tell me that the way you are and the memories you have lost have something to do with it. ”
雷木转头看向来时的石门。 Reimu turned his head to look at the stone gate where he came.
王叶叹息，看来还是要回那个宴会厅。 Wang Ye sighed, it seemed that he still had to go back to that banquet hall.
王叶抱起小木木，安慰他：“上面不能出去。你跟我们一起走，别怕，我会保护你。”
Wang Ye picked up Xiao Mumu and comforted him: "You can't go out above." Come with us, don't be afraid, I'll protect you. ”
过了三秒钟，小木木单手搂住了王叶的脖子。 After three seconds, Xiao Mumu put one hand around Wang Ye's neck.
其实最简单的方法，就是把小木木送入虫巢。但王叶本能地没有选择这么做，他潜意识已经猜出这个小木木能出现和身边的大木木有很大关系，如果把小木木送入虫巢，可能这个小木木就消失了。
In fact, the easiest way is to send Xiaomu into the hive. But Wang Ye instinctively didn't choose to do this, he had already subconsciously guessed that the appearance of this little wooden wood had a lot to do with the big wooden wood around him, if he sent the small wooden wood into the insect nest, maybe this small wooden wood would disappear.
他甚至没有去看因果卷，不是他不想看，而是他觉得不能看。
He didn't even look at the cause and effect roll, not because he didn't want to read it, but because he felt he couldn't.
如果看了，也许会发生某些让他后悔一生的事情。 If he had seen it, maybe something would have happened that he would regret for the rest of his life.
这就像他本能地知道什么东西能拿，什么东西不能拿一样。
It's like he instinctively knows what to take and what not to take.
金宝从墙顶洞穴里蹿出来，跳到雷木身上，冲着王叶生气地叽叽大叫：混蛋小叶子爸爸，你是不是把宝宝给忘了！
Jin Bao jumped out of the cave at the top of the wall, jumped on Lei Mu, and shouted angrily at Wang Ye: Bastard Little Yezi Dad, did you forget the baby!
王叶看到金宝，讪笑。他刚才真的差点把小金宝给忘了。
Wang Ye saw Jinbao and smiled. He really almost forgot about Little Jinbao just now.
雷木看到金宝，竟然没有第一时间把这条金色的小四脚蛇给扔出去。
When Lei Mu saw Jinbao, he didn't throw the little golden four-legged snake out at the first time.
大概是这条小四脚蛇金光灿灿的样子，他很喜欢？ Probably this little four-legged snake with a golden appearance, he likes it very much?
雷木摸了摸小金宝的背脊。 Lei Mu touched Xiao Jinbao's back.
金宝立刻冲着雷木撒娇地叫：“爸叽~” Jinbao immediately shouted coquettishly at Lei Mu: "Dad~"
雷木就任由金宝待在他肩膀上了。他喜欢这个叫他爸爸的小东西，虽然他很确定这小家伙不是他的血脉。
Remu let Jinbao stay on his shoulders. He liked the little thing he called his daddy, though he was pretty sure it wasn't his bloodline.
小金宝则好奇地盯着他小叶子爸爸看，嘴里还好奇地问他雷木爸爸：“爸叽~叽叽呜呜？”
Xiao Jinbao stared at his little leaf father curiously, and asked him Lei Mu's father curiously: "Dad~ twr? ”
小叶子爸爸抱着的那个奇怪的东西是什么？能吃吗？ What is that strange thing that Xiao Yezi's father is holding? Can you eat it?
雷木没有回答，只抬手摸了摸小金宝，并警告小家伙：“不要乱跑。”
Lei Mu didn't answer, only raised his hand and touched the little Jinbao, and warned the little guy: "Don't run around." ”
小金宝叽呜一声表示一定听话。 Little Jinbao whined and said that he must be obedient.
一家四口（？）再次推开了石门。 A family of four (?) Pushed open the stone door again.
外面不再是一片漆黑，而是非常热闹繁华的宴会场景。 It was no longer pitch black outside, but a very lively and bustling banquet scene.
金宝看得目眩神迷，哇哦，好像电影中的现场哦，还更华丽！
Jinbao was dazzled by it, wow, it looks like the scene in the movie, and it's even more gorgeous!
还有很多看起来像是好吃的，但他一样都不想吃。 There were also a lot of things that looked delicious, but he didn't want to eat them.
倒是这些人身上戴的首饰，他很想咬一咬。 It was the jewelry these people were wearing, and he wanted to bite it.
宴会中众人似乎也没想到这几人出来的这么快，而且还多了一只金色的小四脚蛇。
Everyone at the banquet didn't seem to expect these people to come out so quickly, and there was also a small golden four-legged snake.
金宝激动地叫：“爸叽！”有杀意！ Jinbao excitedly shouted: "Dad! "There is murderous intent!
王叶冷冷一笑：“木木，这些家伙想留下我们，我们杀出去！”
Wang Ye smiled coldly: "Mu Mu, these guys want to keep us, let's kill them!" ”
那个石棺盖的背面还刻写了一段话，如果他没有打开石棺盖就一定会忽略过去。
There was also a passage engraved on the back of the sarcophagus lid, and if he hadn't opened the sarcophagus lid, he would have ignored the past.
那上面写着：如果你想要安息，那就用一条灵魂来交换吧。
It reads: If you want to rest in peace, then exchange a soul.
第299章 堂爷爷你好 Chapter 299: Hello Grandpa
“留下那个魔种！”高个女士走出来，厉声道。 "Leave that demon seed behind!" The tall lady walked out and snapped.
“留下那个魔种！”二十多名侍者嘶喊着，向王叶几个逼近。
"Leave that demon seed behind!" More than twenty attendants screamed, approaching Wang Ye and a few.
“留下那个魔种！”宴会厅中似乎所有人都在喊着这句话。
"Leave that demon seed behind!" Everyone in the banquet hall seemed to be shouting this.
王叶以为小木木会害怕，结果发现小木木冷冷瞪着那些不知是死是活的怪物们，表情和一边的雷木像极了。
Wang Ye thought that Xiao Mumu would be afraid, but found that Xiao Mumu stared coldly at those monsters who didn't know whether they were dead or alive, and his expression was very similar to Lei Mu on the side.
王叶回忆他看到小木木的过程，似乎小木木就没有惧怕过这些怪物，他只是苦于吃不饱和无法解渴。
Wang Ye recalled the process of seeing Xiao Mumu, it seemed that Xiao Mumu had never been afraid of these monsters, he was just suffering from not being saturated and unable to quench his thirst.
小木木还冲怪物们龇了龇牙齿。 Xiao Mumu bared his teeth at the monsters.
这让王叶忍不住勾起唇角。 This made Wang Ye couldn't help but hook the corners of his lips.
唰！雷木发出了魔气。 Swish! Reimu emitted a demonic aura.
他的魔气就像是电影中的剑气，呈弧形向四周划出。 His demonic qi was like a sword qi in a movie, arcing out in all directions.
原本一步步逼近的侍者们发出了惨叫，他们捂住自己的腰线，他们的侍者服被划开了。
The attendants who had been approaching step by step let out a scream, they covered their waistlines, and their waiter clothes were sliced open.
过了一秒，他们的腰线处才冒出鲜血。 It was a second before blood bubbled up from their waistline.
所有客人都在往后退，侍者们恐惧地看着雷木，他们也想逃避，但他们不敢。
All the guests were backing away, and the waiters looked at Lei Mu in fear, they also wanted to escape, but they didn't dare.
高个女士再次表现出与众不同的气势，她在所有人后退时，往前走了一步，站在侍者们的身后，冲着雷木说道：“你可以离开，我们没有人会阻拦你。但如果你执意要带走那个守墓人，那么你带着的两条灵魂就必须有一个留下。”
The tall lady once again showed a different momentum, and as everyone retreated, she took a step forward, stood behind the attendants, and said to Remu, "You can leave, and none of us will stop you." But if you insist on taking that grave keeper with you, then one of the two souls you carry with you must remain. ”
两条灵魂？王叶很不喜欢这样的计数方式。而且从高个女士的话语意思听来，她似乎把自己和金宝当做了雷木的所有物。
Two souls? Wang Ye didn't like this way of counting. And judging from the meaning of the tall lady's words, it seems that she thinks of herself and Campbell as the belongings of Thunderwood.
“作为守墓人吗？”王叶冒声。 "As a grave keeper?" Wang Ye snorted.
“不，守墓人只有我王室血脉才能担任，你们只是替换的代价。这位如果真想要带走守墓人，可不止是要通过我们这里。但守墓人这段时间待在我们这里，按照规矩，如果他不能自己找到离开的方法，想走就必须付出足够的代价，比如一条灵魂。”高个女士竟然回答了王叶。
看来她是真的不想与雷木为敌。 It seems that she really doesn't want to be the enemy of Thunderwood.
王叶指着雷木，冷不丁问：“你知道他是谁吗？” Wang Ye pointed at Lei Mu and asked coldly, "Do you know who he is?" ”
高个女士沉默，拒绝回答这个问题。 The tall lady was silent and refused to answer the question.
但王叶看她的眼神，觉得她应该知道。 But Wang Ye looked at her eyes and felt that she should know.
而这个高个女士恐惧雷木……对，就是恐惧，绝不像是只因为雷木一进入宴会厅就杀了一个贵族青年，而是这个高个女士认识雷木。
And this tall lady is afraid of Raimu...... Yes, it's fear, it's not like he killed a noble young man just because Lei Mu entered the banquet hall, but this tall lady knew Lei Mu.
或者这个高个女士把雷木当做了魔族？ Or does this tall lady think of Thunderwood as a demon?
“你们是不是和魔族契约了？”王叶懒得绕弯弯，直接揭开了锅盖。
"Did you make a pact with the demons?" Wang Ye was too lazy to go around the bend and directly uncover the lid of the pot.
而这一声质问简直跟捅了马蜂窝一样。 And this questioning is like stabbing a hornet's nest.
包括高个女士在内，宴会厅内所有宾客和侍者的脸都变黑了。
The faces of all the guests and waiters in the banquet hall, including the tall lady, turned black.
不是形容词的那种。 Not the kind of adjectives.
看着衣着华丽的黑色干尸端着酒杯、举着羽毛扇站在奢华的宴会厅里，是什么感觉？
What is it like to look at a richly dressed black corpse standing in a lavish banquet hall with a wine glass and a feather fan?
王叶可以负责任地用四个字告诉所有人：不忍目睹！ Wang Ye can responsibly tell everyone in four words: I can't bear to see it!
“看来没办法善了了。”王叶叹息：“我本来不想使用这招的，毕竟你们重新活一遍也不容易，但也许你们有人特别想要安息。”
"It seems that there is no way to be better." Wang Ye sighed: "I didn't want to use this trick, after all, it's not easy for you to live again, but maybe some of you especially want to rest in peace." ”
王叶抬手，宴会厅上空竟然想起了沉闷的雷声，由远至近。
Wang Ye raised his hand, and the sky above the banquet hall actually remembered the dull thunder, from far to near.
【报应不爽】，雷击法术，可群攻，配置因果武器，威力翻倍。
[Retribution is unpleasant], lightning strike spell, can be attacked in groups, equipped with causal weapons, and the power is doubled.
但王叶现在不方便拿出二胡。 But Wang Ye is not convenient to take out the erhu now.
不知道是双月星的鬼怪不怕雷电，还是他们还没有尝试过雷电的滋味，宴会厅中的众怪物们竟然没有谁露出恐慌的神情。
I don't know if it's because the ghosts of the Twin Moon Stars aren't afraid of thunder and lightning, or if they haven't tried the taste of thunder and lightning yet, none of the monsters in the banquet hall showed a panicked look.
“等等！”一名中年人推开众人，走上前来。 "Wait!" A middle-aged man pushed the crowd away and stepped forward.
这名中年人竟然还没有变成黑脸，他看起来更……新鲜。
The middle-aged man hadn't even turned into a black face, he looked even more ...... Fresh.
王叶也不知道为什么会用这个词形容这个中年人，可能是因为这人的气质要比其他人更加鲜活？
Wang Ye didn't know why he used this word to describe this middle-aged man, maybe because this person's temperament was more vivid than others?
高个女士转头看向中年人，这位女士变成干尸后，头发没了，变成了秃子。
The tall lady turned her head to look at the middle-aged man, who had lost her hair and turned bald after she had turned into a dried corpse.
王叶也就是不忍心刺激它，否则……咳！ Wang Ye couldn't bear to stimulate it, otherwise...... Cough!
“你想做什么？”高个女士尖锐地道。 "What do you want to do?" The tall lady said sharply.
中年人穿着也很华丽，但他穿的是狩猎装，显得人很精神。
The middle-aged man is also dressed gorgeously, but he is wearing a hunting outfit, which makes him look very spiritual.
“我有点事问他们。”中年人不亢不卑地道。 "I've got something to ask them." Middle-aged people are neither arrogant nor humble.
“你留不住他们。”高个女士声音阴森无比。 "You can't keep them." The tall lady had an eerie voice.
“我知道。”中年人坚持：“给我十分钟。” "I know." The middle-aged man insisted: "Give me ten minutes." ”
也许中年人身份不一样，也许他的实力很强，总之高个女士退让了。
Maybe the middle-aged man has a different identity, maybe his strength is very strong, in short, the tall lady gave in.
“记住，你只有十分钟。”高个女士一挥手，厅中所有干尸在瞬间如潮水般退去。
"Remember, you only have ten minutes." The tall lady waved her hand, and all the dried corpses in the hall receded like a tide in an instant.
王叶特意注意了，他们都走入了墙里，就好像有穿墙术一般。
而原本看起来只是坚固的墙壁上出现了浮雕一般的壁画，仔细看，就会发现这些壁画描绘的就是一场宫廷宴会，而宴会中那些客人可不就是刚才消失的怪物们吗。
偌大的宴会厅里只剩下中年人和王叶这边的四个。 In the huge banquet hall, there were only four middle-aged people and Wang Ye left.
王叶收起技能，沉闷的雷声消失。 Wang Ye put away his skills, and the dull thunder disappeared.
中年人像是松了口气，他并没有因为王叶是小孩子就轻视他，相反他用对待同等地位者的态度对王叶说道：“你认识你怀里的守墓人？”
The middle-aged man seemed to breathe a sigh of relief, he did not despise Wang Ye because he was a child, on the contrary, he said to Wang Ye with the attitude of treating people of the same status: "Do you know the grave keeper in your arms? ”
王叶没承认也没否认。 Wang Ye did not admit it or deny it.
中年人也不介意，主动道：“我虽然不认识他，但根据他进入墓地的时间来计算，他应该是我或者我堂兄弟的后代，也就是说他和我的血缘关系很近。请相信我，我对他没有恶意，哪怕他是一个女奴生的私生子。”
The middle-aged man didn't mind either, and took the initiative to say: "Although I don't know him, according to the time he entered the cemetery, he should be a descendant of me or my cousins, which means that he is very close to me." Believe me, I have no ill will towards him, even if he is the illegitimate child of a slave girl. ”
“私生子？还是女奴生的私生子？谁告诉你木木是私生子？是哪个生儿子没屁眼头顶长疮脚底流脓缺德带冒烟不是玩意的狗东西说的？”王叶很生气，骂出了一连串脏话。如果不是顾忌有小木木在，他能骂得更难听。
"Bastard? Or an illegitimate child born to a slave girl? Who told you that Mumu was an illegitimate child? Which son has no asshole, sores on the top of his head, pus on the soles of his feet, lack of virtue, and smoke is not a dog thing? Wang Ye was very angry and scolded a series of swear words. If it weren't for the scruples of having Xiao Mumu there, he would have been able to scold even more ugly.
虽然各种意义上来说，雷木确实是私生子，但他不喜欢有人这样形容雷木！又不是雷木自己想要这么出生，就是他的父母也没有任何私情，雷木与其说是私生子，不如说是某些恶心家伙的阴谋。
Although it is true that Raimu is an illegitimate child in every sense, he doesn't like it when someone describes Raimu like this! It's not that Raimu himself wants to be born like this, or his parents don't have any personal affairs, Raimu is not so much an illegitimate child as a conspiracy of some disgusting guys.
中年人被王叶的脏话吓到了，似乎没想到这个小孩竟然这么粗俗。
The middle-aged man was frightened by Wang Ye's swearing, and didn't seem to expect this child to be so vulgar.
王叶不是很礼貌地问中年人：“你和撒尔曼大帝是什么关系？”
Wang Ye asked the middle-aged man very politely: "What is the relationship between you and Emperor Salman?" ”
中年人轻咳，风度翩翩地道：“我是他的兄长撒赛亚。”
The middle-aged man coughed lightly and said gracefully, "I am his brother Sasaiah." ”
“原来你就是我那个战死的堂爷爷？”王叶做出震惊的模样。
"So you're my cousin who died in battle?" Wang Ye made a shocked look.
这次换到中年人惊讶了：“你叫我什么？” This time, the middle-aged man was surprised: "What do you call me?" ”
王叶眨眼：“堂爷爷啊。哦，我还没有自我介绍，我叫雷叶，撒尔曼大帝就是我祖父，我和我哥撒坦是目前银月帝国的唯二继承人，公开承认的那种。”
Wang Ye blinked: "Grandpa." Oh, I haven't introduced myself yet, my name is Lei Ye, Sahrman the Great is my grandfather, and my brother Sartan and I are the only two heirs of the current Silvermoon Empire, the kind that is openly recognized. ”
撒赛亚张大嘴巴，显然没想到面前的小孩竟然有这样的身世。
Sasaiah opened his mouth wide, obviously not expecting the child in front of him to have such a background.
“不可能！你身上……我没有感觉到你有撒家的血脉。”撒赛亚摇头。
"Impossible! ...... on you I don't feel that you have the blood of the Saga family. Sasaiah shook her head.
王叶丝毫不介意地道：“我不算是亲生的。” Wang Ye didn't mind at all and said, "I'm not biological." ”
“但你说你有继承权？”撒赛亚似乎很在意这点。 "But you said you had the right to inherit?" Sasaiah seems to care about this.
王叶一脸无奈地道：“有啊，我不想要，但大帝非要这么对外宣布，我也没办法。”
Wang Ye said helplessly: "Yes, I don't want it, but if the emperor has to announce it to the outside world, I can't help it." ”
撒赛亚似乎不可置信。 Sasaiah seems incredulous.
王叶像是怕这点消息还不够让撒赛亚震惊一般，他示意撒赛亚看他怀中的小木木：“你知道他是谁吗？”
As if he was afraid that this bit of news would not be enough to shock Sasaiah, he motioned to Sasaiah to look at the little wooden wood in his arms: "Do you know who he is?" ”
撒赛亚：“我刚才说了，他应该是……” Sasaiah: "As I said, he should be ......"
“他不是你的后代，也不是你们家最小那个弟弟的后代，他更不是什么私生子，他是撒尔曼大帝堂堂正正的孙子，亲的，是大帝亲口承认的另一个继承人撒坦。而我更像是为他打掩护的，现在你明白他的身份有多么重要了吗？不，只是撒尔曼大帝继承人这个身份，还不足以表明他的重要性，他的真实底细说出来都能吓死你们！”王叶满是骄傲地说道。
"He is not your descendant, nor is he the descendant of the youngest brother of your family, he is not an illegitimate child, he is the dignified grandson of the Sahrman the Great, dear, the other heir of the Emperor himself. And I'm more like covering for him, and now you understand how important his identity is? No, just the identity of the heir of Salman the Great is not enough to show his importance, and his true details can scare you to death! Wang Ye said proudly.
他这段话可是没半点谎言，而且雷木真正的血脉说出来真的能成为双月星头条大新闻，绝对震惊世人能震惊几千年那种。
His words are not a lie, and Lei Mu's true bloodline can really become the headline news of the Double Moon Star, which will definitely shock the world and shock the kind that can shock thousands of years.
木木听到这话，缓缓地眨了眨眼睛，似乎有些不能理解。
When Mu Mu heard this, he blinked slowly, as if he couldn't understand it.
“不可能！”撒赛亚甩出这句话时非常有力，他也有证据：“银月帝国的继承人不可能成为守墓人。撒尔曼不可能不知道这个规矩。”
"Impossible!" Sasaiah was very powerful when he threw out this sentence, and he also had evidence: "It is impossible for the heir of the Silvermoon Empire to be a grave keeper." It is impossible for Salman not to know this rule. ”
王叶“好心”地告诉他：“那是因为有人欺瞒了大帝，他们培育撒坦时并没有把这件事告诉大帝。大帝自然也不知道他的亲孙子落在一心想要继承他帝位的亲侄子手上，被百般折磨，还被扔进了墓地里，希望他死在这里、烂在这里，永远不会出现在大帝面前。”
Wang Ye told him "kindly": "That's because someone deceived the Emperor, and they didn't tell the Emperor about it when they cultivated Satan." The emperor naturally did not know that his own grandson had fallen into the hands of his own nephew, who was bent on inheriting his throne, and was tortured in every way, and thrown into the cemetery, hoping that he would die here, rot here, and never appear in front of the emperor. ”
撒赛亚皱眉：“可你刚才说大帝对外承认了你和撒坦的继承权？如果他不知道这孩子的身世，怎么会承认他？”
Sasaiah frowned: "But you just said that the Emperor recognized the inheritance rights of you and Satan to the outside world?" If he didn't know the child's background, how could he admit him? ”
“你认为现在是什么时候？”王叶快速问道。 "What time do you think it is?" Wang Ye asked quickly.
撒赛亚失笑：“我知道你的意思，我的时间感并没有错乱。这个孩子他进来地宫已经快十四年。”
Sasaiah laughed, "I know what you mean, my sense of time is not out of order. This child has been in the underground palace for almost fourteen years. ”
王叶一愣，迅速追问道：“你知道撒坦进来十四年，那你看他还是这副小孩的模样，不觉得奇怪吗？”
Wang Ye was stunned for a moment, and quickly asked: "You know that Satan has been in for fourteen years, so don't you think it's strange to see that he still looks like this child?" ”
撒赛亚露出了一丝古怪的笑容，他道：“你不知道吗，想要成为真正的守墓人，让地宫承认，他必须签订灵魂契约，并永远都不可能离开地宫。这孩子在和地宫签订契约的那一天开始，他的灵魂就已经属于这个墓地和地宫，他的身体就算走出去，他的灵魂也会永远留下。至于他灵魂展现出来的模样，则看他自己对自己的认识，他觉得自己是小孩，那他永远都是小孩的模样。”
Sasaiah showed a strange smile, and he said, "Don't you know, if you want to become a real grave keeper and make the dungeon admit that he must sign a soul contract and never leave the dungeon. Since the day this child signed the contract with the underground palace, his soul has belonged to this cemetery and the underground palace, and even if his body goes out, his soul will remain forever. As for the appearance of his soul, it depends on his own understanding of himself, and he feels that he is a child, so he will always be a child. ”
原来如此，木木果然缺失了一段记忆。不，他不止是缺失记忆，他还缺少了一部分灵魂。
I see, Mu Mu really lost a memory. No, not only did he lack his memory, he also lacked a part of his soul.
所以木木才不能真正的进入觉醒阶段。甚至在未来，他会失去意识变成傀儡，也很可能是因为他缺少了一部分灵魂。
Therefore, Mu Mu can't really enter the awakening stage. Even in the future, he will lose consciousness and become a puppet, most likely because he is missing a part of his soul.
虽然不知道雷木怎么在灵魂不完整的情况下还能表现得那么正常，而且他给雷木检查过多次精神核，都没有发现半点问题。
Although he didn't know how Lei Mu could still behave so normally when his soul was incomplete, and he had examined Lei Mu's spiritual core many times, but he didn't find the slightest problem.
也许这是魔族的特殊手法？ Maybe this is the special method of the demons?
只有当木木进入撒家墓地地宫后，他才会显示出缺魂症状？
Only when Mu Mu enters the underground palace of the Sajia cemetery will he show symptoms of lack of souls?
忽然变得茫然和古怪的雷木，不就跟魂魄有损差不多吗？
Isn't the sudden loss of Lei Mu, who suddenly became dazed and weird, similar to the loss of his soul?
而小木木应该就是雷木缺失的那部分灵魂。 And Xiao Mumu should be the missing part of Lei Mu's soul.
王叶抱紧了小木木，似乎在用这种方式向小木木传达：不管他是灵魂还是什么，他都不会放弃他。
Wang Ye hugged Xiao Mumu tightly, as if conveying to Xiao Mumu in this way: no matter if he is a soul or something, he will not give up on him.
而一旁的雷木毫无反应，就像是在听别人的事情。 And Lei Mu on the side didn't react, as if he was listening to someone else's business.
金宝左看看右看看，他听得有点糊涂。但他看着这个宴会厅，脑子里冒出了“想吃”这个念头。
Jinbao looked left and right, and he was a little confused. But as he looked at the banquet hall, the thought of "wanting to eat" popped up in his head.
这里的石头雕刻物和墙壁和石柱，包括那些餐台，闻起来多美味啊~
The stone carvings and the walls and pillars here, including those dining tables, smell so delicious~
王叶感到小木木用力动了动，似乎要下来。 Wang Ye felt Xiao Mumu move hard, as if he was about to come down.
王叶只好把他放到地上。 Wang Ye had no choice but to put him on the ground.
小木木握住他的手，又戳戳自己的手背，似乎在检查自己是实体还是魂体。
Xiao Mumu took his hand and poked the back of his hand again, as if to check whether he was an entity or a soul.
王叶笑，揉揉小家伙的脑袋，手指雷木，对中年人询问了他刚才就问过的问题：“那你知道他是谁吗？”
Wang Ye smiled, rubbed the little guy's head, pointed at Lei Mu, and asked the middle-aged man the question he had just asked: "Then do you know who he is?" ”
撒赛亚竟然对雷木行了个战士礼仪，这才说道：“他的来历不能出于我们之口，但他的力量，我们都能感觉到。”
Sasaiah actually performed a warrior etiquette to Remu, and then said: "His origin cannot come from our mouths, but we can feel his power." ”
“所以你知道他是魔族？”王叶直接戳破。 "So you know he's a demon?" Wang Ye directly pierced.
撒赛亚深吸气，哪怕他已经不需要呼吸。 Sasaiah inhaled deeply, even though he didn't need to breathe anymore.
因为王叶给出的消息都太过震惊，让撒赛亚都忘了他找王叶谈话的目的。
Because the news given by Wang Ye was so shocking that Sasaia forgot the purpose of his conversation with Wang Ye.
幸好王叶主动提醒他：“你找我什么事？就是想要知道我的身世吗？”
Fortunately, Wang Ye took the initiative to remind him: "What are you looking for me?" Do you just want to know my background? ”
“不，我不在意你的身世，我是说在知道你身世之前。我知道你是从外面来的，我们这里已经很久没有活人进来，死人也没有。我不想问你们是怎么进来的，又为何来地宫，我只想知道……”
"No, I don't care about your background, I mean until I know where you are. I know you're from outside, and we've had no living people coming in for a long time, and no dead people have come in. I don't want to ask you how you got in and why you came to the dungeon, I just want to know ......"
撒赛亚沉默片刻，接着说道：“皇后还好吗？” Sasaiah was silent for a moment, then said, "Is the queen okay?" ”
王叶立刻闻到了八卦的味道，他也想从这个撒赛亚口中多掏出一点消息，就耐着性子跟他继续聊：“你说的皇后是指月琴公主的母亲，明希王后？”
Wang Ye immediately smelled the smell of gossip, and he also wanted to take out a little more news from this Sasaia's mouth, so he patiently continued to chat with him: "The queen you are talking about refers to Princess Yueqin's mother, Queen Mingxi?" ”
“王后？她不是皇后？”撒赛亚的表情变了。 "The Queen? She's not a queen? Sasaiah's expression changed.
王叶眨巴眼睛：“我听大帝跟我提到这位王后，都是用的王后这个称呼。”
Wang Ye blinked his eyes: "I heard the emperor mention this queen to me, and they all use the title of queen." ”
撒赛亚脸色变寒，似乎非常不满意明希只是王后：“明希不应该只是王后，撒尔曼做了第一代帝皇，明希就也应该是银月帝国第一代帝后！”
Sasaia's face turned cold, and he seemed very dissatisfied that Mingxi was just a queen: "Mingxi shouldn't just be a queen, Salman became the first emperor, and Mingxi should also be the first emperor of the Silver Moon Empire!" ”
“你很喜欢明希王后？”
“不是喜欢，是尊重！”撒赛亚立刻否认。
王叶嘿嘿怪笑：“好吧，是尊重。”
可不到一秒钟，这个小混蛋就问道：“当年春木上国的国主是不是跟你说要把女儿嫁给你，还把当时的明希公主介绍给你了？”
撒赛亚面色怪异，像是惊讶王叶怎么会知道这样的秘密，又像是被说中了过往秘密而尴尬。
可不等撒赛亚做出任何反应，王叶又道：“那位国主应该是希望你成为银月帝国的大帝，不对，按照时间计算，撒尔曼大帝那时候已经是大帝。那么那位国主是希望你能替代撒尔曼成为第二位大帝？”
“毕竟撒尔曼的性格一看就不是好掌控的。春木国主也应该已经跟他推销过自己的女儿几次，大约都被拒绝了。这位国主才会找到你头上，希望你能做些什么，他是不是还表示要给你一些资助？”
“小孩，就算你有银月帝国的继承权，我也不是你能侮辱和诽谤的对象！”撒赛亚生气了。
"Child, even if you have the inheritance of the Silver Moon Empire, I am not the object of your insults and slander!" Sasaiah was angry.
王叶举起右手：“抱歉，差点忘了你的辈分。亲爱的堂爷爷，你是不是妒忌过自己的弟弟撒尔曼能成为大帝？是不是对他能继承王位感到不甘心？毕竟你是哥哥，是兄长，按理应该是你继承王位才对。而且你叫赛亚，你母亲一定不是撒尔曼大帝的亲生母亲对吗？”
Wang Ye raised his right hand: "I'm sorry, I almost forgot your seniority." Dear cousin, have you ever been jealous that your younger brother Salman can become the Emperor? Are you unwilling that he can inherit the throne? After all, you are the elder brother, the elder brother, and it stands to reason that you should inherit the throne. And your name is Saiyah, and your mother must not be the biological mother of Sahrman the Great, right? ”
又被这小子说中一个秘密，这小混蛋怎么这么敏锐？还是撒尔曼跟他说了这些过往？
Another secret was told by this kid, why is this little bastard so perceptive? Or did Salman tell him about the past?
撒赛亚让自己保持冷静道：“我不知道你有什么目的，为什么要对我说这样的话。但是撒尔曼的能力，大家都看在眼里，王位传给他，所有兄弟都心服口服，而他能把王国扩大为帝国，并建立了双月星第一个帝国，足以证明当年我们的父王没有选错人。而我，愿意为我的兄弟征战，成为他手中最锋利的兵器！”
Sasaiah kept himself calm and said, "I don't know what your purpose is, why do you say such things to me. But Salman's ability, everyone saw it, the throne passed to him, all the brothers were convinced, and he was able to expand the kingdom into an empire, and established the first empire of the Twin Moon Stars, which is enough to prove that our father did not choose the wrong person back then. And I, willing to fight for my brother, become the sharpest weapon in his hands! ”
“是吗，如果你真的甘心，你会愿意把自己的灵魂交易给魔鬼，只求一个重生和复活的机会？”王叶貌似疑惑，实际充满讽刺地道。
"Yes, if you were really willing, would you be willing to trade your soul to the devil for a chance to be born again and resurrected?" Wang Ye seemed to be puzzled, but he was actually full of irony.
撒赛亚皱了皱眉，以他的阅历和死亡时间，他已经不会再被轻易激怒，他觉得他没有必要回答这个小孩，但他也不想让这个也许有可能的帝国继承人误以为他眼馋撒尔曼的帝位。
Sasaiah frowned, with his experience and the time of his death, he was no longer easily provoked, he didn't feel the need to answer the child, but he also didn't want the possible heir of the empire to mistake him for the throne of Salman.
“我没有如此要求，我只是……答应了一个人，答应会继续保护她。”
"I didn't ask for that, I just ...... promised a person, promised that he would continue to protect her. ”
王叶眯眼：“你答应了谁？明希王后？她在你临死时去找你了？并跟你要求希望你继续保护她？她是不是还跟你哭诉撒尔曼大帝对她不好？”
Wang Ye squinted: "Who did you promise?" Queen Minhee? Did she come to you when you were dying? And ask you to want you to continue to protect her? Is she still crying to you that Saarman the Great is not good for her? ”
撒赛亚发现这个小孩的嘴巴太利，更咄咄逼人，他不想回答这些问题的，可如果不回答，就会影响到明希王后和他的名誉，结果就导致他不得不去回答这个小孩的问题。
Sasaiah found that the child's mouth was too sharp and even more aggressive, and he did not want to answer these questions, but if he did not answer, it would affect Queen Minhee and his reputation, and as a result, he had to answer the child's questions.
可越回答，小孩的问题就越多，还越发尖锐。 But the more you answer, the more questions the child asks, and the more acute they become.
“告诉我明希王后现在怎样，只要你肯说出实话，我可以帮你们一次。”撒赛亚拒绝继续回答问题，给出了交易条件。
"Tell me how Queen Minhee is now, as long as you are willing to tell the truth, I can help you once." Sasaia refused to continue answering questions, giving the terms of the deal.
王叶却不想放过撒赛亚，撒赛亚不回答，他就自己进行推测：“你说你不想变成这样，你没有要求重生，可你现在却出现在这里，也就是你还是和魔鬼契约了。可这份契约你显然不会直接和魔鬼签订，毕竟你是这么一个具有荣誉感的人。比如你喜欢明希王后，可因为她成为了你弟弟的妻子，你就把这份喜欢隐藏起来，化为尊重，并保持距离。你甚至没有因此妒恨你的兄弟。”
Wang Ye didn't want to let go of Sasaiah, but Sasaiah didn't answer, so he speculated on his own: "You said that you don't want to be like this, you didn't ask to be reborn, but you are here now, that is, you still have a contract with the devil." But this contract obviously you won't sign directly with the devil, after all, you are such a person with a sense of honor. For example, if you like Queen Myeonghee, but because she is your brother's wife, you hide this liking and turn it into respect, and keep your distance. You didn't even envy your brother for it. ”
撒赛亚犯了严重的尴尬症。这小孩在揭露他最隐秘的秘密，可又在不断的夸奖他？
Sasaiah was guilty of severe embarrassment. This kid is revealing his most secret secrets, but he is constantly praising him?
他真的很希望这小孩闭上他的嘴巴。 He really wanted the kid to keep his mouth shut.
但王叶却连珠炮似地继续推测道：“那么是谁让你签下了那份出卖灵魂、让你变得人不人鬼不鬼的契约？就是那位明希王后对吗？因为她让你承诺会继续保护她。而你签下那份契约时，是不是以为自己会转化为亡灵骑士一类，好继续保护这位王后？”
But Wang Ye continued to speculate: "Then who made you sign that contract to sell your soul and make you a ghost and a ghost?" It's the Queen Minhee, right? Because she made you promise to continue to protect her. And when you signed that contract, did you think you would transform into an undead knight or something so that you could continue to protect the queen? ”
撒赛亚哑口无言，当年那么美丽的最后时刻，为什么在这个小孩嘴里说出来，竟然充满了阴谋的气息？更糟糕的是，明希王后在他心目中的完美印象也出现了丝丝裂痕。
Sasaia was speechless, why was it so beautiful in the last moments of this child's mouth that it was full of conspiracy? To make matters worse, Queen Minhee's perfect impression in his mind also cracked.
不，明希不会这样对他。是他主动说在死亡后也会保护她，是他主动签下那么契约，明希她……
No, Minki wouldn't do that to him. It was he who took the initiative to say that he would protect her after death, and it was he who took the initiative to sign the contract, and he hoped that she would ......
“我想明希王后应该不是正大光明跑去找你的，对吧？那么一位王后偷偷跑去找自己丈夫的兄长，还希望对方死后继续守护她……我该说什么呢？”王叶摊手。
"I don't think Queen Mingxi should have come to look for you, right? So a queen secretly ran to her husband's brother, hoping that he would continue to protect her after his death...... What shall I say? Wang Ye spread his hands.
撒赛亚愤怒：你什么都别说！给我闭上你的嘴！ Sasaiah is angry: Don't say anything! Shut your mouth for me!
王叶完全没有闭嘴的打算：“她明明可以大大方方地去见你，也可以大大方方地请撒尔曼大帝想办法把你转化为亡灵。我相信，只要有办法，撒尔曼大帝应该也会想要把你转化为亡灵。”
Wang Ye had no intention of shutting up at all: "She can obviously go to see you generously, and she can also generously ask Emperor Salman to find a way to transform you into an undead." I believe that if there is a way, Sahrman the Great will also want to turn you into an undead. ”
撒赛亚再也忍不住，说道：“撒尔曼不会同意把我转化为亡灵，他一向认为人如果死了就应该死得干干净净，包括灵魂。他尤其忌惮让撒家血脉的灵魂留存。”
Sasaiah could not hold back any longer, and said, "Salman will not agree to transform me into an undead, he has always believed that if a person dies, he should die cleanly, including the soul. He was especially afraid of allowing the soul of the Sajia bloodline to remain. ”
“因为这个地宫？因为那个祭坛？”王叶冷不丁问道。 "Because of this dungeon? Because of that altar? Wang Ye asked coldly.
撒赛亚再次闭紧嘴巴，他决定这次不管小孩问他什么，他都不说了。
Sasaiah kept his mouth shut again, and he decided that this time he would not say anything, no matter what the child asked him.
不过：“明希王后现在到底怎样？你到底愿不愿意和我做交易？”
However: "What is the matter with Queen Minhee now?" Are you willing to make a deal with me? ”
王叶笑了笑，悄悄打开了因果卷，他只去看撒赛亚的背景介绍和死因。当他看到这位堂爷爷的死因和凶手的名字时，顿时发出了“哈”的一声。
Wang Ye smiled and quietly opened the cause and effect scroll, he only went to see Sasaiah's background introduction and cause of death. When he saw the cause of death and the name of the murderer, he immediately let out a "ha".
撒赛亚皱眉，搞不清楚小孩的表情为什么那么怪异。 Sasaiah frowned, wondering why the child's expression was so weird.
王叶简直不敢相信自己看见了什么，他抬头看向撒赛亚，问他：“你知道自己死在谁手上吗？”
Wang Ye couldn't believe what he had seen, he looked up at Sasaiah and asked him, "Do you know whose hands you died?" ”
撒赛亚眉头皱成疙瘩：“我当然知道，我中了一支暗箭，是黑魔法，我的敌人诅咒了我。”
Sasaia's brow furrowed: "Of course I know, I was hit by a dark arrow, it was black magic, and my enemies cursed me. ”
王叶挑眉：“你的敌人？你以为是战场上的敌人？” Wang Ye raised his eyebrows: "Your enemy? You think it's an enemy on the battlefield? ”
“当然。” "Of course."
“呵！” "Huh!"
“……你这声呵是什么意思？”撒赛亚本来已经发誓不要再跟这小孩继续对话，可是这小孩看他的表情实在太让他在意了。
“…… What do you mean by that? Sasaiah had vowed not to continue the conversation with the child, but the look on his face was so concerned that he was concerned.
王叶也在考虑要不要告诉对方，到底是谁弄死了他。 Wang Ye was also thinking about whether to tell the other party who killed him.
真的，不看因果卷，他也没想到害死这位的竟然是…… Really, without looking at the cause and effect scroll, he didn't expect that it was ...... who killed this person
“我告诉你谁是害死你的真正凶手，你告诉我怎么平安带走他。”王叶握住小木木的手挥了挥。
"I'll tell you who is the real murderer of you, and you tell me how to take him safely." Wang Ye held Xiao Mumu's hand and waved.
“大哥，不要听这小孩满口胡言！他在骗你，杀了他！”
"Big brother, don't listen to this kid's nonsense! He's lying to you, kill him! ”
随着一声阴森至极的低喝声，整个宴会厅再次陷入黑暗中。
With an eerie low shout, the entire banquet hall fell into darkness again.
同时，大量阴风扑向王叶。 At the same time, a large amount of yin wind rushed towards Wang Ye.
王叶早有准备，这次他还拿出了他的因果武器。琴声一动，闷雷声响起！
Wang Ye had already prepared, and this time he also took out his causal weapon. As soon as the piano moved, the muffled thunder sounded!
金宝哧溜一下钻进雷木的上衣里。 Jinbao slipped into Raigi's shirt.
雷木释放魔气，所有想要伤害王叶的存在，都必须先过他这一关！
Lei Mu released his demonic energy, and all the beings who wanted to hurt Wang Ye had to pass him first!
小木木身体蹲在地上，他像只小野兽一样，竟然四肢着地的打算冲出去撕咬。
Xiao Mumu's body squatted on the ground, and like a little beast, he actually got on all fours and planned to rush out and bite.
撒赛亚想要阻止，他还没问到明希王后的消息，现在他又多了一个想要知道的事情，可三弟太暴躁了，还没到十分钟就忍不住了。
Sasaiah wanted to stop it, he hadn't asked about Queen Minhee yet, and now he had one more thing he wanted to know, but the third brother was so irritable that he couldn't help it before it was ten minutes.
第300章 撒赛亚和撒菲力 Chapter 300: Sasaiah and Saphiri
“轰！” "Boom!"
雷击不断落下，闪电在宴会厅中不时闪过。 Lightning strikes kept falling, and lightning flashed through the ballroom from time to time.
袭击王叶几人的怪物们根本无法接近目标，他们从来不知道雷电对它们的伤害竟然如此可怕！
The monsters who attacked Wang Ye and the others couldn't get close to their targets at all, they never knew that the damage caused by thunder and lightning to them was so terrifying!
很多怪物连惨叫都来不及发出，就直接变成了灰烬。 Many monsters didn't even have time to scream, and they were directly turned to ashes.
撒赛亚见到此幕，不住高喊：“停下！都给我停下！” When Sasaiah saw this, he cried out, "Stop! Stop! ”
“安妮特哈蒙！停止你的攻击，这是我们撒家的继承人，你不能攻击他们！”
"Annette Harmon! Stop your attacks, this is the heir of our Sagar family, you can't attack them! ”
“撒菲力！你疯了吗？他们是撒尔曼的继承人，就算他们说谎，你也没必要这样攻击他们，停下来！我命令你停止攻击！”
"Saphiri! Are you crazy? They are the heirs of Salman, and even if they lie, you don't need to attack them like this, stop! I command you to stop attacking! ”
撒赛亚也在躲避那些雷击，但那些雷击像是知道敌人是谁一样，竟然绕过了他。
Sasaiah was also dodging the lightning strikes, but the lightning strikes bypassed him as if they knew who the enemy was.
撒赛亚以前就知道雷电对于亡灵和阴秽物的攻击力，所以他在发现小孩竟然能使用雷电攻击时，才会适时出现。就算他想要知道明希王后的消息，也不会当众询问，他只是想要摸摸这孩子的底，然后顺便问问明希的消息，没想到……
Sasaiah had known the power of lightning against the undead and the undead, so he would only appear when he noticed that children could use lightning to attack. Even if he wanted to know the news of Queen Mingxi, he wouldn't ask in public, he just wanted to touch the bottom of the child, and then ask Mingxi about the news by the way, but he didn't expect it......
可惜撒赛亚的喊声并不能阻止什么，撒菲力和安妮特似乎铁了心要留下王叶几个，他们不惜成本地攻击他们。
Unfortunately, Sasaiah's shouts did not stop anything, and Saphiri and Annette seemed determined to keep Wang Ye behind, and they attacked them at any cost.
撒赛亚一开始还不明白为什么其他人都这么疯狂，等到他发现，在雷击中死去的人竟然会彻底死去，无论身体还是灵魂都不会再回到墙壁上、也不会再复原时，他明白了。
At first, Sasaiah didn't understand why everyone else was so crazy, but when he realized that those who died in the lightning strike would die completely, and neither body nor soul would ever return to the wall and never recover.
这时就算是安妮特和撒菲力下令让众人停止，大家也不会停止。
At this time, even if Annette and Saphiri ordered everyone to stop, everyone would not stop.
他知道，这个宴会厅中很多人并不愿意这样半人不鬼地活下去，很多人都觉得自己上当了，他们早就想要安息，但他们无法得到安息。
He knew that many people in this banquet hall did not want to live like this, many people felt that they had been deceived, they had long wanted to rest in peace, but they could not get rest.
他们每天每天重复宴会的生活，每天每天吃着木渣似的食物、喝着泥水一样的美酒，他们不想吃，可饥饿感会逼疯他们。
They repeat the life of the feast every day, eat the food like wood residue every day, and drink the wine like muddy water every day, they don't want to eat, but the hunger will drive them crazy.
他们如果不想彼此互食，就只能吃那些“美食和美酒”。
If they don't want to eat each other, they can only eat the "good food and wine".
所以他们看到守墓人也不得不和他们吃一样的东西，且怎么都吃不饱时，他们才会感到变态的满足，才会不想要放守墓人离开。
Therefore, when they see that the grave keeper has to eat the same thing as them, and they can't eat enough, they will feel perverted satisfaction, and they will not want to let the grave keeper go.
凭什么只有他们痛苦，守墓人就该和他们一样痛苦，不，应该所有人都和他们体会一样的痛苦才对！
Why should the grave keepers suffer as much as they are the only ones who suffer, no, everyone should experience the same pain as them!
长时间的折磨，让大家都要疯了。也许已经疯了。 The long torture made everyone go crazy. Maybe it's crazy.
如果不是实力较强的几个存在强行制定秩序，这个宴会厅还不知道是什么模样。
If it weren't for the strong existence forcibly establishing order, this banquet hall wouldn't know what it would look like.
听说在他来之前，曾经发生过互食的惨剧，但不管大家厮杀得多么剧烈，第二天一切都会恢复原样。而被他人宰杀、撕咬、啃食的痛苦却会一直存在在灵魂中，不会忘却，只会一次次体验。
I heard that before he came, there was a tragedy of mutual cannibalism, but no matter how fierce the fight was, everything would return to the same the next day. The pain of being slaughtered, bitten, and eaten by others will always exist in the soul, and will not be forgotten, but will only be experienced again and again.
这种痛苦太可怕了！ This pain is terrible!
可天天吃着木渣和泥水，天天说着同样的话题，天天看着同样的面孔，天天过着一成不变的生活，看不到阳光、看不到绿树、看不到真正的生命……
But every day I eat wood residue and muddy water, talk about the same topics every day, look at the same face every day, and live the same life every day, I can't see the sun, I can't see the green trees, I can't see the real life......
这样的日子过得又有什么意思？ What's the point of living like this?
撒赛亚知道很多人都想死，想要获得真正的安息。 Sasaiah knew that many people wanted to die, to have true rest.
可是在这里，想要再次安息，你得再次支付出一条灵魂。
But here, in order to rest again, you have to pay for a soul again.
曾经，有人利用生前学会的魔法，竟然施展了托梦术，诱惑后代前来墓地，又诱惑他们付出灵魂来换取自己的安息。
Once, someone used the magic they learned in their lives to perform the dream trick to lure their descendants to the cemetery, and tempted them to give their souls in exchange for their own rest.
还有人想方设法对外传出撒家墓地有宝物的传闻，想要吸引更多人进入墓地。
There are also people who try to spread rumors that there are treasures in the cemetery, hoping to attract more people to the cemetery.
但撒尔曼非常精明，在发现不对劲后，他立刻下令禁止还活着的撒家血脉进入墓地。而外人忌惮这位大帝，谁敢随意闯入一个帝国皇室的墓地？
But Salman was very shrewd, and when he realized that something was wrong, he immediately ordered that the surviving Sajia bloodline be forbidden from entering the cemetery. And outsiders are afraid of this emperor, who dares to break into the cemetery of an imperial royal family at will?
现在，有一个小孩，他的雷电攻击竟然能让他们获得真正的死亡，让他们得到平静和安息，也怪不得众人疯了一样往前冲，尤其那些侍者，他们甚至主动冲入雷电中。
Now, there is a child, whose thunder and lightning attack can actually give them real death, so that they can get peace and rest, no wonder everyone rushes forward like crazy, especially those waiters, they even take the initiative to rush into the thunder and lightning.
王叶也发现了这点。 Wang Ye also discovered this.
但他并没有停止攻击，相反他用二胡拉起了安魂曲。 But he did not stop attacking, on the contrary, he played a requiem with an erhu.
雷击变得更加剧烈，似乎整个宴会厅都布满了雷电。 The lightning strikes became more intense, and it seemed that the entire banquet hall was filled with lightning.
雷木和小木木都停止了攻击，他们就站在王叶身后，和他背靠背。
Lei Mu and Xiao Mu Mu both stopped attacking, and they stood right behind Wang Ye, back to back with him.
金宝探出小脑袋偷看外面，他觉得雷击声太炸耳了，可他的爪子太短，无法捂住耳朵。如果雷木爸爸这时候是正常的，一定帮他捂住耳朵的，呜呜~
Campbell poked his little head out to peek outside, he thought the lightning strike was too explosive, but his claws were too short to cover his ears. If Lei Mu's father is normal at this time, he must help him cover his ears, woo~
撒赛亚也不再呼吁大家停止攻击。 Sasaiah no longer called on everyone to stop attacking.
现在反倒是撒菲力想要停止这场一面倒的战斗。 Now, on the contrary, it was Saphiri who wanted to stop this one-sided battle.
不对！这哪里是战斗，这明明就是送死，还是好多人特别愉快、特别期待地奔着死亡而去。
Wrong! Where is this fighting, this is obviously sending death, or many people are running towards death with great pleasure and anticipation.
王叶忽然感到自己竟然收到了大量因果之力，充满了感谢和感恩的因果之力。
Wang Ye suddenly felt that he had received a large amount of causal power, full of the causal power of gratitude and gratitude.
这让他不禁啼笑皆非，他明明是想消灭敌人，现在却变成了超度者吗？
This made him laugh, he obviously wanted to destroy the enemy, but now he has become a superordinate?
王叶对此只能更加用心地拉响安魂曲，加大雷击的威力，好让每一个主动奔出来送死的灵魂死得干干净净彻彻底底。
Wang Ye could only play the requiem more carefully and increase the power of the lightning strike, so that every soul who took the initiative to rush out to die would die cleanly and completely.
“停下！那个小鬼，你给我停下你的攻击！”撒菲力愤怒到极点，他几次呼喊，可声音都被雷击声覆盖，这让他不得不像一个贱民一样撕扯着嗓音大喊。
"Stop! That little imp, stop your attack for me! Saphiri was so furious that he shouted several times, but his voice was covered by the sound of lightning, which forced him to tear his voice like a pariah.
王叶听到了，但他没理睬。 Wang Ye heard it, but he ignored it.
有种你来攻击我啊。 There's a kind of you're attacking me.
但不好意思，他现在玩家八十六级，换算成双月星的实力也有八级中阶，这里的怪物们只要没有九级以上的，加上他的雷电攻击正好是这些怪物的克星，他在这里基本就可以横着走。
But I'm sorry, he's now a player at level eighty-six, and his strength converted into a double moon star is also an eight-level intermediate level, as long as the monsters here are not above level nine, plus his thunder and lightning attack happens to be the nemesis of these monsters, he can basically walk sideways here.
何况他身后还有雷木守护着他，这位才是这个墓地地宫的最大boss，至少在到达祭坛前。
What's more, there is Lei Mu guarding him behind him, this is the biggest boss of this cemetery dungeon, at least before reaching the altar.
撒菲力恨到极点，他干脆躲在后面，等待这个小鬼力竭的时候，等到那小鬼没有能量了，他看他还怎么使出这样大威力的群攻魔法！到时就轮到他对付这个小鬼了，他要把这个小鬼的灵魂从他的身体里拖拽出来，让他一遍遍尝受这世间最痛苦的刑罚，他要……
Saphiri hated it to the extreme, he simply hid behind, waiting for this little ghost to run out, and when the little ghost ran out of energy, he saw how he could still use such a powerful group attack magic! Then it will be his turn to deal with this imp, and he will drag the soul of this little devil out of his body, and let him taste the most painful punishment in this world over and over again, and he will ......
但十五分钟后，撒菲力看到那小孩抽空仰头灌了一瓶药剂。那小孩的攻击力和精神力都没有丝毫衰弱。
Fifteen minutes later, however, Saphiri saw the boy take the time to tilt his head and pour a bottle of potion. The child's attack power and mental power were not weakened in the slightest.
操！这是哪里来的小怪物？撒菲力不可置信。 Exercise! Where did this little monster come from? Saphiri was unbelievable.
整整半个小时后，再也没有谁来主动送死，王叶才停下攻击，收起二胡。
After half an hour, no one took the initiative to send him to death, so Wang Ye stopped his attack and put away his erhu.
撒菲力还在想这小孩是不是终于能量耗尽，就见那小孩又拿出一瓶药剂，咕咚咕咚喝下。
Saphiri was still wondering if the kid had finally run out of energy, when he saw the kid take out another bottle of potion and drink it with a bang.
再看小孩那精神万分的模样，哪像是力竭的样子？ Looking at the child's energetic appearance, how does it look like exhaustion?
撒菲力气得要吐血。 Safi was so strong that he vomited blood.
宴会厅没有变亮，不过无所谓，王叶有魔法灯，同样的灯他有很多，打坏一个，他还有几十个。
The banquet hall didn't get brighter, but it didn't matter, Wang Ye had magic lamps, he had many of the same lamps, and if he broke one, he still had dozens.
两个魔法灯飞起来，照亮了部分宴会厅。 Two magic lamps flew up, illuminating part of the ballroom.
小木木仰起头，似乎很好奇那两盏魔法灯。 Xiao Mumu looked up, as if curious about the two magic lamps.
王叶揉揉他的脑袋，顺手摸了一个哄孩子（金宝和小云）的兔宝宝小魔法灯，塞给小木木。
Wang Ye rubbed his head, touched a small rabbit magic lamp that coaxed the child (Jinbao and Xiaoyun), and stuffed it into Xiao Mumu.
小木木拎着兔宝宝魔法灯，那表情显然喜欢极了。 Xiao Mumu was carrying the rabbit magic lamp, and he obviously liked it very much.
金宝：“叽！”那是我的。 Jinbao: "Tsk! "That's mine.
但没人理他，金宝有点委屈，用力瞪那个奇怪的小东西。
But no one paid attention to him, and Jinbao was a little aggrieved, glaring at the strange little thing hard.
就算、就算这个奇怪的小东西是雷木爸爸灵魂的一部分，他也要瞪他。
Even if, even if this strange little thing was part of Daddy Thunderwood's soul, he would stare at him.
好吧，就瞪三秒钟。 Well, just stare for three seconds.
幽幽的叹息声响起。 A faint sigh rang out.
王叶听到了类似机关响起的咔咔声和沉闷的回音。 Wang Ye heard a clicking sound and a dull echo similar to the sound of a mechanism.
远处，宴会厅的一个巨大石柱底下出现了一个阶梯，阶梯口敞开着，那意思非常明显，就是在送瘟神。
In the distance, a staircase appeared under a huge stone pillar in the banquet hall, and the entrance of the staircase was open, which meant very obviously, that is, to send the plague god.
撒赛亚想要去送送那个孩子。反正他的脸已经丢尽，还“活”着的那些家伙也都听到了他的秘密，但他问心无愧，倒也不怕别人耻笑。他还是想问问明希的情况，还有现在银月帝国发展得怎么样，有没有在打仗，撒家已经有多少后代等等。
Sasaiah wanted to send the child. Anyway, his face has been lost, and those guys who are still "alive" have heard his secret, but he has a clear conscience, and he is not afraid of being ridiculed by others. He still wanted to ask Ming Xi about the situation, as well as how the Silver Moon Empire is developing now, whether there is a war, how many descendants the Sa family has, and so on.
他死了，但他还是关心着这个国家和人民，还有自己唯一还活着的弟弟，还有……明希。
He is dead, but he still cares about the country and the people, as well as his only brother who is still alive, and ...... Mingxi.
但撒菲力出现在他面前，拦住了他的去路。 But Saphiri appeared before him and blocked his way.
“大哥，你不要相信那个小孩说的话，一个字都不要相信！他根本就不是撒家血脉，还有那个小贱种也不可能是撒尔曼的亲孙子，我知道那个小贱种的身份，他是我儿子撒埃德的长子，但他天生魔种，又是女奴的孩子，且从出生开始就给周围带来灾难，他才会被埃德送进墓地，让他当个守墓人。这还是我儿子对他足够仁慈，否则早就杀了他！”撒菲力阴沉着脸道。
撒赛亚沉默一秒，低沉地道：“你之前从没有跟我提过那孩子的身世。”
Sasaiah was silent for a second, then said in a low voice, "You never told me about that child's background before. ”
“一个贱种，有什么好提的？”撒菲力皱眉不满道。 "A, what is there to mention?" Saphiri frowned dissatisfied.
“你为什么要打断那孩子和我的交易？”撒赛亚突然问。
"Why are you interrupting that kid's deal with me?" Sasaiah asked suddenly.
撒菲力不高兴地喊道：“怎么？你在怀疑我吗？怀疑我这个亲弟弟？我都死了！我也死了！我会害你吗？我难道不知道除了继承王位的那个人以外，其他撒家血脉都无法长寿这点吗？我害你有什么意义？我就算要害也是去害撒尔曼，你说，我害你能有什么好处？”
Saphiri cried out unhappily, "What? Are you doubting me? Suspicious of my own brother? I'm dead! I'm dead too! Am I going to hurt you? Don't I know that except for the one who inherits the throne, no other Saga bloodline will live long? What's the point of me hurting you? Even if I want to harm Salman, you say, what good is it for me to harm you? ”
撒赛亚看三弟那像是被踩到痛脚又像是极度冤枉的模样，再次叹了口气：“我没说怀疑你，你不要一副做贼心虚的样子好不好？我只是想要知道外面的消息，我们在这里闭塞太久了。”
Sasaiah looked at the third brother's appearance as if he had been trampled on and looked like he had been extremely wronged, and sighed again: "I didn't say that I doubt you, don't you look like a thief, okay?" I just want to know the news from the outside, we've been in isolation here for too long. ”
“什么叫我做贼心虚？大哥！你果然还是在怀疑我。” "What do you mean by me being a thief? Eldest brother! You're still suspicious of me. ”
“够了，你再这样嚷嚷，我不怀疑你也会怀疑你。” "Enough, if you shout like this again, I don't doubt you and will doubt you."
撒菲力闭嘴了，改口道：“你要想知道什么，我可以让埃德传消息进来。”
Saphiri shut up and said, "If you want to know anything, I can get Ed to send a message in." ”
撒赛亚摇头：“不要派活人进来，你明知道任何活人进来都无法出去。”
Sasaiah shook his head: "Do not send in the living, for you know that no living person can go out." ”
“一些奴隶和士兵而已，有什么关系？”撒菲力不以为意地道。
"Some slaves and soldiers only, what does it matter?" Saphiri said unimpressedly.
撒赛亚对这个三弟比较头疼，当初父王完全没有考虑老三不是没有原因的，老三真的不适合做一个国王，更别说率领国家扩展国土，能维持原样就算不错。
Sasaia has a headache for this third brother, his father didn't consider the third brother at all, it's not for nothing that the third brother is really not suitable to be a king, let alone lead the country to expand the territory, it is good to be able to maintain the status quo.
老三最大的毛病有二，一个是好大喜功，还有一个就是看不起身份地位比他低的任何人，尤其是平民和奴隶。
The third child's biggest problem is two, one is that he is very happy, and the other is that he looks down on anyone with a lower status than him, especially commoners and slaves.
可老三却不明白，组成一个国家的最大基层就是平民和奴隶。
But the third child didn't understand that the biggest grassroots of a country were civilians and slaves.
而贵族之所以身份高贵，不是他们具有王的血脉，而是因为他们保护了普通民众，愿意在遇到危险时挺身站在所有普通民众最前面，并且要尽量带领他们过上吃饱喝足的生活。
And the reason why the nobles are noble is not because they have the blood of kings, but because they protect the common people, are willing to stand at the front of all ordinary people when they are in danger, and try to lead them to live a well-fed and well-fed life.
只有明白什么是贵族的责任，才能享受贵族带来的福利。这是他们父王一直教导他们的话。
Only by understanding what is the responsibility of the nobility can one enjoy the benefits brought by the nobility. This was what their father had been teaching them.
他和老二都听进去了，可惜老三却完全不以为然。 He and the second child listened to it, but unfortunately the third child didn't think so at all.
这大概和他们的母亲也有关系，他们三兄弟的母亲都不是同一个人。
This probably has something to do with their mother, whose mothers are not the same person.
他是前王后的儿子，因为他母亲的国家暗中配合银月王国的敌人攻打银月王国，被他们父王发现，他母亲不得不卸下王后的身份。
He is the son of a former queen, because his mother's country secretly cooperated with the enemies of the Silvermoon Kingdom to attack the Silvermoon Kingdom, and was discovered by their father, his mother, who had to step down as queen.
原本他父王是要处死他母亲的，因为他母亲暗中送了一些消息出去，这是他父王不能忍受的。
Originally, his father was going to put his mother to death, because his mother secretly sent some news out, which his father could not bear.
可就在那时候，他母亲自曝说她怀孕了，他父王看在他这个未出世的儿子份上，没有杀死他母亲，而是软禁了她。之后他出生，父王也没有处死他母亲。
But at that time, his mother revealed that she was pregnant, and his father, for the sake of his unborn son, did not kill his mother, but put her under house arrest. After he was born, his father did not execute his mother.
撒尔曼的母亲也是一名邻国公主，当时他父王急需邻国武力和粮食援助，在废掉前王后后，就快速娶了这个有名的邻国丑公主。
Salman's mother was also a neighboring princess, and his father was in urgent need of military and food aid from neighboring countries, and after deposing the former queen, he quickly married this famous ugly princess of neighboring country.
撒尔曼的母亲虽然貌不惊人，但她是个大大的才女，而且她还擅长魔法。
Although Salman's mother was not amazing, she was a very talented woman, and she was also good at magic.
这位王后给他们国王父亲的帮助极大，他们父亲虽然不爱这位王后，却十分尊重她，给了她所有能给的尊荣。
The queen was of great help to their king's father, who, though he did not love her, respected her very much and gave her all the honour he could.
但他们父王也犯了所有男人的通病，他喜欢美色，在一次宫廷宴会中相中了老三撒菲力的母亲，一个靠着亲戚提携才能进入宴会的偏远地区的小贵族之女。
But their father, the king, was also guilty of all men's common problems, and he loved beauty, and at a court banquet he fell in love with the mother of the third child, Saphiri, the daughter of a small nobleman in a remote area who could only enter the banquet with the help of relatives.
大约是因为亲生母亲出身的缘故，老三一直都有点小家子气，而且特别在意自己的身份。
Probably because of his biological mother's background, the third child has always been a little childish, and he cares about his identity.
一开始老三是很不名誉的私生子，但王后十分大度，加上撒家血脉稀少，这位王后就把老三也认到自己名下，给了他王子之位。
At the beginning, the third child was a very dishonorable illegitimate child, but the queen was very generous, and the blood of the Sajia family was scarce, so the queen recognized the third child in her name and gave him the position of prince.
他们的国王父亲因此更加尊重这位王后。其他王室成员和贵族们更是对王后交口称赞，无人不敬服她。
Their royal father respected the queen even more because of this. Other members of the royal family and nobles praised the queen, and no one disrespected her.
而那位原本还谋划着当王后、最少也要弄到一个大贵族身份的撒菲力母亲则只能继续憋屈的当国王的地下情人，她甚至连身份地位都没有改变，无论是她还是她的父亲兄弟等人，地位都没有得到提高，原本是什么样，现在还是什么样。
And the Saphili mother, who was originally planning to be a queen and at least get a big nobleman's status, can only continue to be the underground lover of the king, she has not even changed her status, whether it is her or her father and brothers, etc., the status has not been improved, what it was originally and what it is now.
国王那样做显然是给王后面子，他在用行动告诉王后：我那些情人就是些让我愉快的小玩意，她们给你提鞋都不配，更别妄想影响你和你孩子的地位，超过那就更不可能了。
The king was clearly doing this for the queen's son, and he was telling the queen by his deeds: My lovers are just little things that make me happy, and they are not worthy of lifting your shoes, let alone delusional attempts to affect your status and that of your children, and it is even more impossible to surpass them.
撒菲力的母亲因此恨死了王后和撒尔曼。 Saphiri's mother hated the queen and Salman to death.
这个愚蠢的女人还非要把撒菲力要到自己身边抚养。 This stupid woman still had to take Saphili to her side to raise.
大约他们的国王父亲也有所考量，他已经有两个名正言顺还都很优秀的继承人，不需要再有第三个孩子来抢夺继承人的位子，所以他相当于是放弃了撒菲力。
Their king's father also considered that he already had two legitimate and excellent heirs, and he didn't need a third child to snatch the heir's place, so he was equivalent to giving up Saphiri.
可撒菲力的母亲竟然还洋洋自得，认为她能亲自抚育王子是国王对她宠爱的证明。
But Saphiri's mother was so complacent that she was able to raise the prince herself, which was proof of the king's affection for her.
最后，撒菲力就给她教成了这样。 Eventually, Saphiri taught her that.
只能说，母亲对孩子的教育也真的非常重要。 It can only be said that mothers are also really important to the education of their children.
他母亲……说不上有多聪明，这点从她给他取的名字也能看出，她希望他能获得王位，但她心里又明白他必须付出几倍于撒尔曼的努力，并且要比撒尔曼优秀几倍，才有可能成为下一代的国王。
His mother...... It wasn't very smart, and it was evident from the name she gave him, she hoped that he would get the throne, but she knew in her heart that he would have to work several times as hard as Salman, and several times better than Salman, in order to become the next king.
他母亲虽然不聪明，但可能是因为对国王没有任何期待的缘故，在她发现他无论如何努力，都无法比得上撒尔曼以后，对他的教育就变成了“与其谋夺王位，不如当国王兄弟的好帮手，成为一个得到国王信赖的大公爵”这样。
His mother was not smart, but probably because she did not expect anything from the king, and after she found out that no matter how hard he tried, he could not match Salman, and his education became that "it is better to be a good helper to the king's brother than to seek the throne, and to be a grand duke who can be trusted by the king."
不得不说，他母亲在背叛了他们的国王父亲后，还能活下来，还是有些她的智慧。也许她当初也是被逼无奈才会背叛他们父亲，毕竟她在身为一名妻子的同时，也是一个父亲的女儿。
I have to say that his mother still survived after betraying their king father, and she still has some wisdom about her. Maybe she was forced to betray their father in the first place, after all, she is a wife and a father's daughter.
他不知道他母亲当年到底怎么想的，但他母亲对他的教育还算成功并且正确，他确实成了撒尔曼最信任的兄弟、最可靠的帮手，他离世时，撒尔曼伤心极了。
He didn't know what his mother thought back then, but his mother's education was successful and correct, and he did become Salman's most trusted brother and reliable helper, and when he died, Salman was very sad.
撒赛亚想到这里，忽然又觉得他母亲不但不蠢还相当聪明，也许她连怀孕的时机都算好了，否则怎么会那么巧？
When Sasaiah thought of this, he suddenly felt that his mother was not only not stupid but also quite smart, maybe she even calculated the timing of pregnancy, otherwise how could it be so coincidental?
至于给他取名撒赛亚，这大概就是明着告诉别人，她很蠢，只会明着来。而她后面对他的教育方针，又在告诉所有人，她只想和儿子一起老老实实过日子。
As for naming him Sasaiah, this is probably to tell others that she is stupid and will only come openly. And her education policy for him later is telling everyone that she just wants to live honestly with her son.
所以他母亲活到了寿终正寝之时，死时也十分安逸，没有半点痛苦和不甘。
Therefore, his mother lived to the end of her life, and she died very comfortably, without the slightest pain or unwillingness.
而撒菲力的母亲……一个靠着美色笼络国王的女人，当她美色和年轻不在时，还把一个王子教成那样，她还能有什么好下场？
And Saphiri's mother...... What good fate can a woman who relies on her beauty to win over the king, and when she is not beautiful and young, and teaches a prince to be like that?
说起来他母亲也和春木上国有点关系，算是表亲吧。 Speaking of which, his mother also has a little relationship with Haruki Shangguo, so she can be regarded as a cousin.
各国贵族通婚是常态，很多国家的王室血脉都互相有亲属关系。
Intermarriage between nobles from various countries is the norm, and the royal blood of many countries is related to each other.
也是靠这点亲戚关系，春木上国那位国主才会接触他，并让他认识了明希……
It was also through this kinship that the lord of the country of Haruki came into contact with him and let him know Mingxi......
撒赛亚在短短几秒内想了很多，包括回忆老三撒菲力的人际关系，从中推测他和害死他的凶手有没有关系等等，但他的脸上没有露出分毫。
Sasaiah thought a lot in just a few seconds, including recalling the relationship between the third Saphiri, and speculating whether he had anything to do with his killer, but his face didn't show anything.
“菲力，我记得你的夫人似乎是春木上国一位侯爵的女儿？”撒赛亚似随口问道。
"Fili, I remember that your lady seems to be the daughter of a marquis of Haruki Kamikoku?" Sasaiah asked casually.
撒菲力警惕道：“你问这个干什么？” Safiri said warily, "Why do you ask this?" ”
“没有，我就是突然想起来，我们家似乎和春木上国的关系一直都很好。你看，你娶了那个国家的侯爵女儿，而撒尔曼则娶了春木国主的女儿，我也差点娶了他推荐的另一个女儿。”
"No, I just suddenly remembered that our family seems to have always had a good relationship with Haruki Kamikoku. You see, you married the daughter of the marquis of that country, and Salman married the daughter of the lord of Haruki, and I almost married another daughter whom he recommended. ”
如果不是他心里已经先有明希，而且在撒尔曼已经娶了公主明希的情况，他不好再娶一个公主，还是同一个国家的公主……
If it weren't for the fact that he already had Mingxi in his heart, and in the case that Salman had already married Princess Mingxi, it would be difficult for him to marry another princess, or a princess of the same country......
等等！当年那位春木国主为什么会给他这样的推荐？ Wait a minute! Why did the Haruki Lord give him such a recommendation back then?
他作为国主，难道不知道这是一种忌讳吗？ As the lord of the country, doesn't he know that this is a taboo?
普通家庭的兄弟，娶另一个家庭的姐妹俩，没什么问题，还可以传为佳话。
A brother from an ordinary family marries two sisters from another family, there is no problem, and it can be passed on as a good story.
但一个国家的两个王子，娶另一个国家的两个公主，这是要这对兄弟打架呢，还是要他们离心呢？
But if two princes of one country marry two princesses of another country, do they want the brothers to fight, or do they want to centrifuge?
撒赛亚忽然觉得曾经的自己特别傻，好多问题那么明显，他竟然都没看出来！
Sasaiah suddenly felt that he was very stupid, and there were so many obvious problems that he didn't even see it!
那么以此类推，是不是他一直认为只是个蠢货的好三弟撒菲力，其实也不是他认为的那样？
So by analogy, is it that the good third brother Saphiri, who he always thought was just a fool, was actually not what he thought?
想想吧，如果撒菲力真的是蠢货，他怎么可能从他们的祖姨奶奶安妮特手上抢到一半多的权力，让其他人都听他的？
Think about it, if Saphili was really an idiot, how could he possibly snatch more than half of the power from their grandmother, Annette, and make everyone else listen to him?
撒赛亚想到这里，再看面前的三弟，眼神就不一样了。 Thinking of this, Sasaiah looked at the third brother in front of him again, and his eyes were different.
而这时，王叶几个已经快要走到楼梯口。 At this time, Wang Ye was about to walk to the staircase.
如果撒菲力真的不是他想象中的那个三弟，那么他所做的一切……，撒赛亚心中一动，想到一件事，转头就对王叶喊道：“不要过去，那里是陷阱！”
If Saphiri was really not the third brother he imagined, then everything he did ...... Sasaiah's heart moved, and when he thought of one thing, he turned his head and shouted to Wang Ye: "Don't go over, it's a trap there!" ”
撒菲力暴怒，差点一掌打向撒赛亚。 Zafiri was so enraged that he almost slapped Sasaiah in the face.
第301章 揭穿撒菲力 Chapter 301: Debunking Saphiri
王叶听到了撒赛亚的叫声，但他看向那道往下的阶梯，有种奇异的感觉告诉他：这条路要比其他路更安全。
Wang Ye heard Sasaiah's cry, but he looked down the stairs and had a strange feeling that this road was safer than the others.
是的，有危险，但对比其他路，这条路还算是安全，至少他们有办法应对。
Yes, there are dangers, but compared to other roads, this road is relatively safe, at least they have a way to deal with it.
而雷木要走的方向也是这个方向，但他并不打算往下，而是想要绕过这个阶梯入口。
And the direction that Reimu was going to go was also in this direction, but he didn't plan to go down, but wanted to bypass this staircase entrance.
他的目标还在后面，在墙壁上。 His goal was still behind, on the wall.
雷木拉住王叶，强行带着他绕过阶梯，走向后方。 Lei Mu grabbed Wang Ye and forcibly led him around the stairs and towards the rear.
走到头，就是宴会厅的墙壁。 At the end, you will find the walls of the banquet hall.
墙壁上雕刻着一扇石门，石门上有两个看不见容貌的兜帽人浮雕，这种宽大的带兜帽的衣服在双月星很常见，王叶就经常见他们陨星大佬们穿着。
There is a stone door carved on the wall, and on the stone door there are two invisible hooded man reliefs, this kind of wide hooded clothes are very common in the double moon star, and Wang Ye often sees them wearing them Meteorite bosses.
王叶用力拖住雷木，不让他伸手碰触石门。 Wang Ye dragged Lei Mu hard, preventing him from reaching out and touching the stone gate.
“木木，我们不走这里。”这扇石门，还有石门上的两个兜帽人浮雕给他的感觉很糟糕。
"Mumu, let's not go here." This stone door, as well as the relief of the two hooded people on the stone door, gave him a terrible feeling.
雷木侧头看他，茫然的神情没有任何表示。 Lei Mu looked sideways at him, his dazed expression not showing anything.
王叶一手牵着小木木，一手拉着大木木，转身往回走：“木木，跟我来。”
Wang Ye held Xiao Mumu with one hand and Da Mumu with the other, turned around and walked back: "Mumu, follow me." ”
雷木脚下微用力，没动。 Lei Mu strained slightly under his feet and did not move.
王叶扭头，轻声喊：“木木，跟爸爸过来。” Wang Ye turned his head and shouted softly: "Mumu, come with Dad." ”
雷木听到这个怪异的自称，脸上闪过一丝奇异的神色，他脑中突然冒出一句话“好的，小爸爸”。
When Lei Mu heard this strange self-title, a strange look flashed on his face, and a sentence suddenly popped into his head, "Okay, little daddy".
这小孩是他爸爸？所以他才想要保护他？雷木懵，糊里糊涂地就被王叶给拽走了。
Is this kid his father? That's why he wants to protect him? Lei Mu was stunned, and was dragged away by Wang Ye in a daze.
小木木一直乖乖跟着王叶，一副王叶带他去哪里都行的模样。
Xiao Mumu has been obediently following Wang Ye, looking like Wang Ye can take him wherever he goes.
金宝扭头看着石门上兜帽人手上握着的法杖……上的巨大宝石，实在忍不住，窜过去，一口咬住其中一枚宝石。
Jinbao turned his head to look at the staff held in the hand of the hooded man on the stone door...... I couldn't help it, so I rushed over and bit down on one of the gems.
咕咚，宝石滑入金宝肚子中。 Boom, the gem slipped into Campbell's belly.
金宝兴奋地蹿到另一个兜帽人的法杖上，照样咬住另一枚宝石，不过这枚宝石没有立刻滑入他的肚子。
Campbell excitedly jumped onto the staff of the other hooded man and bit down on the other gem, but it didn't immediately slip into his stomach.
但金宝很容易就把宝石给撬下来，叼着就跑。 But Jinbao easily pried the gem off, grabbed it and ran.
金宝跳到雷木身上，把叼着的宝石献宝一样放入雷木手心。
Jinbao jumped onto Lei Mu and put the gem in his hand like a treasure.
雷木低头看金宝。 Remu looked down at Jinbao.
金宝摇摇肥肥短短……不是！是细细长长的优美的尾巴，钻到了雷木的衣服领子里，只露出一个小脑袋对着外面。宝宝肚子里现在好热！
Jinbao shakes the fat and the fat is short...... No! It was a slender and graceful tail that burrowed into the collar of Raimu's clothes, revealing only a small head facing the outside. It's so hot in the baby's belly right now!
雷木再看手心，奇怪，刚才小东西放入他手心里的石头就这么不见了。
Lei Mu looked at the palm of his hand again, and it was strange that the stone that the small thing had put in his palm just now was gone.
可雷木见石头不见了，竟然也没有多想，就这么握了握手，跟着王叶再次来到那个往下的阶梯前。
But Lei Mu saw that the stone was gone, so he didn't even think much about it, just shook his hand, and followed Wang Ye to the stairs down again.
他们身后，那两个墙壁石门上的浮雕兜帽人同时抬起头，黑洞洞的兜帽对准了几个人的背影。
Behind them, the relief-hooded figures on the stone doors of the two walls raised their heads at the same time, and the hoods of the black holes were aimed at the backs of several people.
他们法杖上的龙血宝石不可能这么容易被夺取！ The dragon's blood gem on their staff couldn't have been snatched so easily!
而且两枚龙血宝石都变成了石头，那个金色小四脚蛇是怎么看出来的？
And the two dragon blood gems have turned to stone, how can that little golden four-legged snake see it?
最古怪的是，那东西到底是怎么把龙血宝石给取下来的？只是咬一咬，怎么可能？
The weirdest thing is, how the hell did that thing get the dragon's blood gem off? Just a bite, how is it possible?
而且那小东西还吞了一枚！ And that little thing swallowed one!
它那么小的身体到底是怎么吞下那么大一枚龙血宝石？ How on earth did its small body swallow such a large dragon's blood gem?
而且为什么它吞下去还没有被龙血宝石的能量撑炸？ And why hasn't it been blown up by the energy of the dragon's blood gem when swallowed?
准备跟撒赛亚开打的撒菲力看到王叶几个又走了回来，一时一头雾水，这个小鬼在搞什么？
Saphiri, who was about to start a fight with Sasaia, saw Wang Ye and the others walking back, and was confused for a while, what was this little ghost doing?
而且为什么那个魔族看样子是在保护那个小鬼，还听那小鬼的话？
And why does that demon seem to be protecting that little ghost and still listening to that little ghost?
就连那个对谁都不亲近的小贱种都黏着那小鬼，那小鬼到底是谁？
Even the little who is not close to anyone sticks to that little ghost, who is that little ghost?
“喂，你说你叫什么名字来着？”撒菲力屈尊纡贵地问道。
"Hey, what's your name?" Saphiri asked condescendingly.
王叶站在阶梯口边，转头，对不远处对峙的撒赛亚和撒菲力两兄弟不怀好意地笑了笑，冲着撒赛亚道：“大堂爷爷，我免费告诉你吧，谋害你、诅咒你的凶手，名字叫做撒菲力。而他谋害你的原因……”
Wang Ye stood at the mouth of the stairs, turned his head, smiled maliciously at the two brothers Sasaiah and Saphiri who were facing each other not far away, and said to Sasaiah: "Grandpa Hall, let me tell you for free, the murderer who murdered you and cursed you is called Saphiri. And the reason why he murdered you ......"
“闭嘴！你再放屁我杀了你！”撒菲力愤怒呵斥。 "Shut up! If you fart again, I'll kill you! Saphiri scolded angrily.
王叶勾起一个满是讽刺的笑容：“如果你能杀得了我，你来啊。”
Wang Ye evoked a smile full of sarcasm: "If you can kill me, you can come." ”
撒菲力当时就要过去，当然他只是做样子而已，他已经知道这小鬼的厉害，但他必须做姿态给撒赛亚看。
Saphiri was about to pass, of course he was just pretending, he already knew how powerful this little imp was, but he had to make a gesture to show Sasaiah.
撒赛亚手一伸：“你既然问心无愧，让他说完又怎么样？真的假不了，假的也真不了。”
Sasaiah stretched out his hand: "Since you have a clear conscience, what if you let him finish?" It can't be fake, and it can't be fake. ”
撒菲力立刻道：“行，让这个满嘴谎言的贱民说，我看他能编出什么样的谎言来！”
Saphiri immediately said, "Okay, let this untouchable man with a mouth full of lies say, I will see what kind of lies he can concoct!" ”
“你他么才是贱民！贱人，闭上你的嘴，听你爷爷和你哥好好说道。如果你这个真女奴生的私生子真的问心无愧的话。”王叶怎么可能在口舌上输给撒菲力。
"You're a pariah! Slut, shut your mouth and listen to your grandfather and your brother have a good talk. If you, the illegitimate son of a real slave girl, really have a clear conscience. "How could Wang Ye lose to Saphili in terms of tongue.
撒菲力的身世，他看因果卷就知道了。 Saphiri's life experience, he knew it by looking at the cause and effect scroll.
“我母亲不是女奴！你这个满口谎言的小畜生！”撒菲力气炸，这小畜生的嘴巴太贱了！但偏偏这个小畜生的实力强得可怕。
“哦，原来你那个心甘情愿当小三的母亲不是女奴啊，女奴还可以说是迫不得已，或是为了改变人生，你母亲这是……啧啧。”王叶摇头。
"Oh, it turns out that your mother who is willing to be a junior is not a slave girl, and the slave girl can be said to be a last resort, or to change her life, your mother is ...... Gee. Wang Ye shook his head.
“闭嘴！闭嘴！”撒菲力狂怒。 "Shut up! Shut up! Zafiri was furious.
王叶：“我再闭嘴也改不了你是小娘养的真相。怪不得你叫木木一口一个私生子，原来你自己才是。其实私生子没有错，有问题的是他们的父母，毕竟没有哪个孩子想要作为私生子出生。而且人家也没吃的喝你的碍你的事，人家什么出身关你屁事？你凭什么看不起别人？”
Wang Ye: "No matter how much I shut up, I can't change the truth that you are a little mother." No wonder you call Mu Mu an illegitimate child, it turns out that you are yourself. In fact, there is nothing wrong with having illegitimate children, it is their parents who are in trouble, after all, no child wants to be born as an illegitimate child. And people don't eat and drink your business, what is your business? Why do you look down on others? ”
“哦，我知道了，因为你自卑，你把自己当成一坨屎，才会看不起别的私生子，才会那么在乎自己的贵族身份，因为你好歹也是贵族拉的屎嘛。可怜哦，你自己都看不起自己，还指望别人能看得起你？”
旁听者们：真毒啊。
撒菲力的怒意突然收起，但他看王叶的目光极为可怕。 Saphiri's anger suddenly retracted, but he looked at Wang Ye's gaze extremely terrifyingly.
撒赛亚都心惊，他第一次知道他这个三弟还有这样的表情。
Sasaiah was shocked, for the first time he knew that his third brother still had such an expression.
王叶却丝毫不在乎，他在知道这个撒菲力是撒缺德的亲生父亲，又听他亲口污蔑小木木是贱种是私生子，他就不想放过这个老畜生。
Wang Ye didn't care at all, he knew that this Saphili was Saphi's biological father, and he heard him personally slander Xiao Mumu as a cheap breed and an illegitimate child, so he didn't want to let go of this old beast.
“你和你儿子孙子可真是亲的，都他么特别贱，又贱又毒。撒赛亚可是你亲哥，虽然不是一个妈，但他可从来没有对不起你，别人只不过跟你随口一言，你就相信了，以为只要杀死撒赛亚，你就不会早死。你明明知道这种可能性不大，可你为了那一点点可能性，就能配合敌人谋害自己的亲兄长。这世上还有比你更卑劣的人吗？”
"You and your son and grandson are really close, they are so cheap, cheap and poisonous. Sasaia is your own brother, although he is not a mother, but he has never been sorry for you, others just say something to you, and you believe it, thinking that as long as you kill Sasaiah, you will not die early. You know that this is not very likely, but for the sake of that little possibility, you can cooperate with the enemy to murder your own brother. Is there anyone more despicable in this world than you? ”
王叶不给任何人打断的机会，一口气爆料完毕。 Wang Ye didn't give anyone a chance to interrupt, and broke the news in one go.
“你……胡说！你在故意挑拨我们兄弟的感情！”撒菲力心惊，他刚才差点脱口问出“你怎么知道”。
"You...... Nonsense! You are deliberately provoking the feelings of our brothers! Saphiri was so shocked that he almost blurted out "How do you know?" just now.
是的，这个小畜生怎么会知道得这么清楚，这明明就是他最大的秘密，他连自己的妻子都没有告诉。
Yes, how could this little brute know so clearly, this was obviously his biggest secret, and he didn't even tell his wife.
而所有经手过这件事的人，都被他处理了，绝不可能透露出半点消息。
And all the people who have handled this matter have been dealt with by him, and it is impossible to reveal the slightest bit of information.
所以这个小畜生到底是怎么知道的？ So how the hell did this little brute know?
这小畜生知道了，如果他真是撒尔曼的继承人之一，那么撒尔曼是不是也知道了？
This little brute knows, if he is really one of Salman's heirs, then does Salman also know?
如果撒尔曼连这么隐秘的秘密都知道，那他是不是还知道他……
If Salman even knew such a secret secret, did he still know him......
王叶看到撒赛亚像是呆滞了，又像是在沉思，或者他只是不知道该不该相信他说的消息？
Wang Ye saw that Sasaiah seemed to be sluggish, as if he was contemplating, or did he just not know whether to believe what he said?
“撒赛亚堂爷爷，虽然你没有给我任何好处，但我还是愿意告诉你答案，因为我不忍心你先是被自己喜欢的女人欺骗，紧接着又被自己的亲弟弟欺骗，还和这个凶手一直待在一起。我可以用我的灵魂发誓，我刚才说的话每一个字都是真的，如果我说谎，就让我永远留在这里陪伴木木。”王叶跟个真孩子一样举起右手三根手指。
"Grandpa Sasaia, although you have not given me any benefits, I am still willing to tell you the answer, because I can't bear to let you be deceived by the woman you like, and then by your own brother, and stay with this murderer all the time. I can swear with my soul that every word of what I just said is true, and if I lie, let me stay here forever with Muki. Wang Ye raised three fingers of his right hand like a real child.
撒赛亚沉默。 Sasaiah was silent.
而周围墙壁上的浮雕们此时竟然也表情各异。 And the reliefs on the surrounding walls also had different expressions at this time.
宴会厅中不人不鬼的怪物们并不是谁都想死，仍旧有近一半逃入了墙壁中。
Not all of the monsters in the banquet hall wanted to die, and nearly half of them still fled into the walls.
墙壁连接地宫，会保护它们不受那小鬼的雷电攻击伤害。
The walls are connected to the dungeon, protecting them from the imp's lightning attacks.
它们完全没想到今天它们会死一多半——很多人都试图自杀过，根本死不掉。
They had no idea that more than half of them would die today - many of them had tried to kill themselves, and they would not have died.
其实普通雷电也没办法彻底杀死它们，只是王叶的能力比较特殊，报应临头，这里的怪物谁也不无辜，清算之下，又怎么可能逃得过。
In fact, ordinary thunder and lightning can't completely kill them, it's just that Wang Ye's ability is relatively special, retribution is coming, no one is innocent here, and under the liquidation, how can they escape.
但这种攻击，对怪物中想彻底安息的存在来说反而成了福报。而这份福报自然就算到了王叶头上。
But this kind of attack has become a blessing for the existence of the monster who wants to rest completely. And this blessing naturally went to Wang Ye's head.
话扯回来，怪物们更没想到的是，它们会听到这么多有意思的秘闻。
Anyway, what the monsters didn't expect was that they would hear so many interesting secrets.
虽然都是后辈的事，但不管是撒赛亚暗恋弟弟的妻子（被弟媳玩弄于鼓掌中），还是撒菲力竟然为了延命谋害了自己的兄长，都足够他们说上一年半载的。
Although it is all a matter of the juniors, whether it is Sasaiah's wife who has a crush on his brother (who is toyed with by his brother-in-law in applause), or Saphiri's murder of his brother in order to prolong his life, it is enough for them to talk for a year and a half.
一声说不出是什么意味的女子笑声传出，听声调，竟然是那名高个女士，也是安妮特哈蒙，一个冠了夫姓，却在死后回归银月王国，葬入娘家墓地的女大公爵。
A woman's laughter, which she couldn't tell meant, turned out to be the tall lady, who was also Annette Harmon, a grand duchess who had given her husband's surname, but returned to the Silvermoon Kingdom after her death and was buried in her mother's cemetery.
安妮特说道：“我还以为我们撒家的后代变得更有出息了，没想到不管过了几代都是这样。撒赛亚，你也不用伤心，在这个墓地里，和你有同样遭遇的撒家人多的是。”
Annette said: "I thought that the descendants of our Sa family would become more promising, but I didn't expect it to be like this no matter how many generations have passed. You don't have to be sad, Sasaiah, in this cemetery, there are many Sasaiah who have the same experience as you. ”
安妮特女公爵满是讽刺地道：“撒家人早就疯了，为了王位可以拼得死去活来，因为他们知道这是他们唯一可以不用早死的安全途径。如果不能成为王，他们就只能想方设法延续自己的生命，谋害兄弟姐妹乃至自己的儿女父母至亲算什么，还有献祭整片领地中的生命，只求能让自己延寿三十年的。”
Duchess Annette said sarcastically: "The Satan family has long been crazy, and they can fight to the death for the throne, because they know that this is the only safe way for them to avoid dying early." If they can't become kings, they can only find ways to prolong their lives, murdering their brothers and sisters, even their children, parents, and relatives, and sacrificing the lives of their entire territories in order to prolong their lives for thirty years. ”
安妮特即偏颇又公正地说道：“撒赛亚，你要怪，就去怪撒家的第一任国王，是他给整个撒家血脉带来了悲剧。”
Annette said both partially and fairly: "Sasaiah, if you want to blame, blame the first king of Sajah, who brought tragedy to the entire Sajah bloodline. ”
“是的，我亲爱的大哥，你要怪就怪我们的祖先好了。如果不是他自私自利，害了所有后代，我们也不会为了延长自己的寿命如此疯狂。”撒菲力在这时竟然也换了一张脸一般，无耻到理所当然。
"Yes, my dear eldest brother, if you want to blame it, you can blame our ancestors. If it weren't for his selfishness and harm to all future generations, we wouldn't be so crazy about prolonging our own lives. Saphiri even changed his face at this time, shameless to the point of being a matter of course.
撒赛亚不可思议地看向这个弟弟：“所以你承认你谋害了我？”
Sasaiah looked at the younger brother incredulously, "So you admit that you murdered me?" ”
撒菲力摊手：“我没有承认，但你非要这么相信，我也不想辩解。”
Saphili stretched out his hands: "I didn't admit it, but you have to believe it, and I don't want to defend it." ”
王叶用“敬佩”的目光看向撒菲力，这个人真的是自私并且恶毒到另一种层次，他被戳穿，竟然半点不觉得自己不对，还把过错推到别人身上，并且一副亲哥用命给他延长生命就是应该的态度。
Wang Ye looked at Saphili with "admiration", this person is really selfish and vicious to another level, he was exposed, he didn't feel that he was wrong at all, and he also pushed the fault on others, and had the attitude that his brother should prolong his life with his life.
王叶想那位安妮特女大公说出那番话绝没有给撒菲力开脱的意思，没见那位高傲的女士看向撒菲力的目光都充满厌恶吗，就跟看到蟑螂突然在她面前站着小便一样。
Wang Ye thought that the Archduchess Annette did not mean to excuse Saphiri when she said that, and did she not see that the proud lady looked at Saphili with disgust, just like seeing a cockroach suddenly standing in front of her to urinate.
“真是缺德到一家了，你和你那个人渣儿子和孙子不愧是亲生的，当年你的国王父亲真应该在你出生的时候就把你放在尿盆里淹死。”王叶喷毒。
"It's really a lack of virtue to the family, you and your scumbag son and grandson are worthy of being biological, and your king's father should have drowned you in a urinal when you were born." Wang Ye sprayed poison.
撒菲力恨死嘴毒的王叶，他用恶毒的眼神冷冷盯着男孩，脑子里不知转了多少阴暗歹毒的念头。
Saphiri hated Wang Ye, who had a poisonous mouth, and he stared at the boy coldly with vicious eyes, and he didn't know how many dark and vicious thoughts turned in his mind.
撒赛亚忽然道：“我送送他们，今天宴会的助兴节目该到此结束了。”
Sasaiah suddenly said, "I will send them off, and this is the end of the feast for today." ”
安妮特表态：“撒菲力，回来。” Annette said, "Saphiri, come back." ”
撒菲力眼中闪过一丝厌烦，他尽力挽回地对撒赛亚说：“大哥，我和你都死了，俗话说人死恩怨清，就算我真有对不起你的地方，我也已经死了。而且我和你一样，都被困在这里，被日夜惩罚。再说你那个契约，可不是我让你签的。”
A trace of annoyance flashed in Saphiri's eyes, and he tried his best to say to Sasaiah: "Big brother, you and I are both dead, as the saying goes, people die and grievances are clear, even if I really have something to be sorry for you, I am already dead." And I, like you, am trapped here, punished day and night. Besides, I didn't ask you to sign that contract. ”
说到最后，撒菲力还在推卸责任。 In the end, Saphiri was still shirking the blame.
撒赛亚点点头，没人能看出他此时的情绪，他只道：“我知道了，你该回去休息了。”
Sasaiah nodded, no one could see his mood at this time, he only said, "I know, you should go back and rest." ”
撒菲力垂下眼睑，也隐藏了所有情绪，转身走入墙壁。如果撒赛亚还能继续被他利用，那么他可以继续留着这个傻气的大哥，如果他不能再被他所用，他也不会留下一个威胁。
Saphiri lowered his eyelids, also hiding all his emotions, and turned to walk into the wall. If Sasaiah can continue to be used by him, then he can continue to keep this stupid big brother, and if he can no longer be used by him, he will not leave a threat.
撒赛亚加快脚步，来到王叶身边，对着几小道：“你们真的要走这条路？你们知道这里通向哪里吗？”
Sasaiah quickened his pace, came to Wang Ye's side, and said to a few small words: "Do you really want to take this road?" Do you know where this leads to you? ”
王叶耸肩：“不知道，但我们走下去就知道了。” Wang Ye shrugged: "I don't know, but we'll know if we go on." ”
撒赛亚叹息，说道：“谢谢你告诉我……我死亡的真相，作为交换，我会帮助你们一次。”
Sasaiah sighed and said, "Thank you for telling me...... The truth of my death, in exchange, I will help you guys once. ”
王叶小大人一样拍怕他的胳膊：“堂爷爷，节哀。” Wang Ye patted his arm like a little adult: "Grandpa, mourn." ”
撒赛亚被他搞得啼笑皆非，还算洒脱地说：“谈不上节哀，我也不是特别意外。”这才是最悲哀的地方。
Sasaiah was made laughed by him, and said freely: "I am not particularly surprised that I can't talk about mourning." "That's the saddest part.
撒赛亚收拾情绪，指向阶梯道：“我没有去过那里，但菲力会在这时候打开通道让你们离开，他想让你们不好过，只有一个选择。你会布置结界吗？”
Sasaiah collected his emotions and pointed to the stairs, "I haven't been there, but Fili will open the passage for you to leave at this time, he wants to make you unhappy, there is only one choice." Will you lay out enchantments? ”
“会。”王叶立刻用卷轴布置了一个结界，保证他们说话不会被外人听到。
"Yes." Wang Ye immediately arranged an enchantment with a scroll to ensure that their words would not be heard by outsiders.
小木木仰头看着他们。 Xiao Mumu looked up at them.
王叶让他稍等。 Wang Ye asked him to wait.
撒赛亚也看向小木木，眼中有怜惜，可惜以前他就没怎么在意过这个孩子，他也不是什么好人。
Sasaia also looked at Xiao Mumu with pity in his eyes, but unfortunately he hadn't paid much attention to this child before, and he was not a good person.
有时候不一定有恶意才是伤害，冷漠和忽视也同样伤人。
Sometimes it doesn't have to be malicious to hurt, and indifference and neglect can hurt just as much.
撒赛亚重新看向王叶，说道：“孩子，如果你运气不够好，那么你们很快就会见到你们的曾祖爷爷以及我们撒家每一代国王的……亡灵。”
Sasaiah looked back at Wang Ye and said, "Son, if you are not lucky, then you will soon meet your great-grandfather and the kings of our family...... Undead. ”
王叶惊讶：“撒家每一代国王的亡灵都还存在？他们没有消失？”
Wang Ye was surprised: "The spirits of each generation of the Sajia kings still exist?" They didn't disappear? ”
“应该没有，但我也不知道详情，毕竟我也没有去过那里，那里是所有撒家血脉的禁地，也是地宫所有怪物们的禁地。去了那里的，据说会陷入永世沉沦，会体会到地宫中所有刑罚，日日夜夜生生世世，灵魂不灭就无法解脱。”
"Probably not, but I don't know the details, after all, I haven't been there either, it's the forbidden place for all the Sajia bloodlines, and it's also the forbidden place for all the monsters in the dungeon. Those who go there are said to fall into eternal perdition, experience all the punishments in the underground palace, live and live day and night, and the soul cannot be liberated if it is not destroyed. ”
撒赛亚一顿：“记住，不要让亡灵碰触到你们，否则不管你是谁，都无法再走出地宫。”
Sasaiah paused: "Remember, don't let the spirits of the dead touch you, or whoever you are, you will never be able to leave the dungeon again." ”
王叶：“……”我觉得我的直觉出错了，也许我应该跟着雷木走那扇墙壁上的石门。
Wang Ye: "......" I think my instincts are wrong, maybe I should follow Lei Mu to the stone door on the wall.
“另外，我可以再附送你一个消息，也是那里的重要规则。”撒赛亚突然贴近王叶的耳朵，明明有结界，他还是用极低的声音说了一句话。
"Plus, I can send you one more message, which is also an important rule there." Sasaiah suddenly approached Wang Ye's ear, and it was clear that there was an enchantment, but he still said a word in a very low voice.
王叶听完，对这位看起来还很年轻和帅气的堂爷爷说道：“那我也奉送你一个……多个消息吧，明希王后死了，她会死和她的父亲有关，她是春木国主专门被培育出来的女人，为的就是谋夺银月帝国的一切。为了防止她为了丈夫和儿女背叛他们的老父亲，她的生命被限制在二十年左右。哪怕撒尔曼大帝想尽办法，也只是延长了她几年生命。”
After listening to this, Wang Ye said to this cousin who still looked young and handsome: "Then I will also give you one...... Multiple news, Queen Mingxi is dead, and her death is related to her father, she is a woman specially bred by the lord of Haruki in order to steal everything in the Silver Moon Empire. In order to prevent her from betraying their old father for the sake of her husband and children, her life was limited to about twenty years. Even if Salman the Great tried his best, it only extended her life by a few years. ”
“你说什么？！”撒赛亚按住心脏，似乎无法接受明希已经死亡的消息，更无法接受她的性命竟然被自己的父亲算计。
"What did you say?!" Sasaiah held her heart down, as if she couldn't accept the news that Minxi was dead, and even more so that her life was calculated by her own father.
王叶又道：“另外，她死前生了一个女儿叫月琴。这位月琴公主就是撒坦的亲生母亲。但这位公主也被那位春木国主连同撒埃德一家给害死了，而撒坦就这么落到撒埃德手里。”
Wang Ye said again: "In addition, she gave birth to a daughter named Yueqin before she died. This Princess Yueqin is Satan's biological mother. But the princess was also killed by the lord of Haruki and the Saeed family, and Satan fell into the hands of Saed. ”
王叶索性把雷木的身世详细说了一遍，除了没说雷木身体中还混有生命之树的种子，其他都说了。
Wang Ye simply explained Lei Mu's life experience in detail, except that he didn't say that Lei Mu's body was also mixed with the seeds of the Tree of Life.
撒赛亚听得目瞪口呆。 Sasaiah was dumbfounded.
王叶总结道：“你喜欢的女人让你变得人不人鬼不鬼，虽然不知道她的目的，但一定和谋夺银月帝国有关，我不是说那位王后有那个脑子，她大概也是一个被操纵的可怜人，我说的是她背后的春木上国国主伯思圣。”
Wang Ye concluded: "The woman you like makes you a ghost or a ghost, although I don't know her purpose, but it must be related to the plot to seize the Silver Moon Empire, I'm not saying that the queen has that brain, she is probably also a poor person who has been manipulated, I'm talking about the Lord of the Spring Wood Kingdom behind her, Bo Sisheng." ”
“至于撒菲力，他真的是又歹毒又愚蠢，那个自以为聪明的蠢货应该也是被人利用了。问问他，是谁跟他说只要杀死你，把你的生命献祭，就能延长他的寿命。这也许是一个连环阴谋，为的就是谋夺整个银月帝国。”
"As for Saphiri, he is really vicious and stupid, and the fool who thinks he is clever must have been taken advantage of. Ask him who told him that if he killed you and sacrificed your life, he would prolong his life. This may be a conspiracy to take over the entire Silvermoon Empire. ”
撒赛亚悚然心惊。 Sasaiah was terrified.
王叶突然福至心灵道：“撒菲力那种人会选择重生而出卖自己的灵魂，完全可以理解。但他为什么能安之若泰？几十年如一日？堂爷爷，你不觉得撒菲力像是在等待什么吗？你也许应该好好审问和好好查一查，你这个三弟绝不是省油的灯，他很可能又不自知的成为了别人手中的棋子。”
Wang Ye suddenly blessed his heart and said, "It's completely understandable that someone like Saphiri would choose to be reborn and sell his soul. But why is he so peaceful? Decades as a day? Don't you think Saphili is waiting for something, Grandpa? You should probably interrogate and check carefully, your third brother is by no means a fuel-efficient lamp, and he is likely to have unknowingly become a pawn in the hands of others. ”
撒赛亚郑重道：“我会查。” Sasaiah said solemnly: "I will check." ”
“小心你这个弟弟。”王叶对撒赛亚摆摆手，往他手里塞了一样东西，重新牵起两个木木走下阶梯。
"Watch out for your brother." Wang Ye waved his hand at Sasaiah, stuffed something into his hand, and took the two wooden trees down the stairs again.
金宝在雷木衣领那里动来动去，他肚子里好热好热，他喷出来的气都是热乎乎的。
Jinbao moved around at Lei Mu's collar, his stomach was so hot, and the breath he spewed out was hot.
雷木伸手把他掏出来，放在肩膀上。 Remu reached out and pulled him out and placed it on his shoulder.
金宝蹿到王叶肩膀上，跟他要冰淇淋吃。 Jinbao jumped on Wang Ye's shoulder and asked him for ice cream.
王叶斜睨他：“好端端的怎么突然想吃冰淇淋？” Wang Ye squinted at him: "Why do you suddenly want to eat ice cream?" ”
金宝打滚闹：“爸叽~叽叽！”要要要，宝宝就要吃冰淇淋！
Jinbao rolled around: "Dad~ Twitter!" "If you want it, your baby will have ice cream!
王叶给他闹得烦心，掏出两个……三个冰淇淋，给了金宝一份，给了小木木一份，剩下一份塞给了大木木。
Wang Ye made a fuss for him and took out two ...... Three ice creams, one for Jinbao, one for Xiao Mumu, and the other for Da Mumu.
大木木和小木木一起看向他。 Big Mumu and Little Mumu looked at him together.
金宝则一头钻进冰淇淋盒子里，只留尾巴还竖在外面。 Campbell slipped headlong into the ice cream box, leaving only his tail standing up.
王叶拿出小勺子，教两人怎么吃冰淇淋。 Wang Ye took out a small spoon and taught the two how to eat ice cream.
雷木原本就知道，他只看王叶示范了一下，就用勺子挖起冰淇淋吃起来。
Lei Mu originally knew that he only watched Wang Ye demonstrate, so he scooped up the ice cream with a spoon and ate it.
小木木小心翼翼地挖了一点，舔了舔勺子，眼睛顿时亮了。哇，好甜好冰好好吃~
Xiao Mumu carefully dug a little, licked the spoon, and his eyes suddenly lit up. Wow, it's so sweet, it's so icy~
一家四口似乎谁也没觉得在这么黑暗阴森的环境中吃冰淇淋有什么不对。
None of the four in the family seemed to think that there was anything wrong with eating ice cream in such a dark and gloomy environment.
阶梯口处，撒赛亚目送他们一步步走向黑暗深处，却看不清他们在做什么，直到阶梯合拢。
At the mouth of the staircase, Sasaiah watched them step by step into the depths of darkness, but could not see what they were doing until the staircase was closed.
撒赛亚转过身，死后他糊涂了几十年，得过且过，每天都在这个宴会厅中混日子，期待某一天明希能来找他。现在，他想他该做一些正事了。
Sasaiah turned around, and after his death he was confused for decades, getting by, messing around in this banquet hall every day, hoping that one day Minki would come to him. Now, he thought it was time for him to do something serious.
他虽然死了，但他仍旧对这个国家有责任，每一个撒家血脉都应该对这个国家有责任！
Although he is dead, he is still responsible for this country, and every Sajia bloodline should be responsible for this country!
第302章 美食贿赂 Chapter 302: Gourmet Bribery
四盏魔法灯悬浮在他们周围。 Four magic lamps hovered around them.
这四盏魔法灯也把整个阶梯通道都照得宛如白昼，这里的黑暗似乎不会吞噬光芒，魔法灯起到了最大的照明效果。
The four magic lamps also illuminated the entire staircase passage as if it were daytime, and the darkness here did not seem to swallow the light, and the magic lamps had the greatest illumination effect.
王叶回头看，就见阶梯上方的入口已经关闭，再往下看，阶梯似乎压根看不到尽头。
Wang Ye looked back and saw that the entrance above the stairs had been closed, and when he looked down, the stairs seemed to have no end in sight.
但阶梯在变窄，已经不容许他们三个并排走。 But the stairs were getting narrower, and the three of them were no longer allowed to walk side by side.
雷木自然而然走到了最前面，王叶落在最后面，小木木走在中间。
Lei Mu naturally walked to the front, Wang Ye fell behind, and Xiao Mumu walked in the middle.
走了好长一段时间，他们还是在不断往下。 After walking for a long time, they still kept going down.
这阶梯简直就跟没完没了一样，而且远处一团黑，根本看不到尽头，如果不是他们胆子都比较大，这会儿都要吓得不敢走了。
The stairs were endless, and it was so dark in the distance that there was no end in sight, and if it weren't for their bolderness, they would have been too scared to leave.
所以他们这是遭遇鬼打墙了吗？
王叶在从撒赛亚那里听到这条阶梯通道可能会遇到历代国王们的亡灵，他就知道为什么他会觉得这条通道要比雷木要走的那条更安全。
When Wang Ye heard from Sasaiah that this staircase passage might encounter the spirits of the kings of the past, he knew why he felt that this passage was safer than the one that Remu was going to take.
应该是他身上挂着的【知识之城土著怨灵的感激】起了效果，给予了他某种类似预感的直觉。
It should have been the [Gratitude of the Native Spirits of the City of Knowledge] hanging on his body that had taken effect, giving him some kind of premonition-like intuition.
这个增益效果在面对幽灵类存在时，可是能自动增加50点好感值。
This buff automatically increases opinion by 50 when facing a ghost-like being.
说曹操，曹操到。 Said Cao Cao, Cao Cao arrived.
一道幽幽的声音陡然在他们身边响起：“你们吃的是什么？”
A faint voice suddenly sounded around them: "What are you eating?" ”
王叶抬头，没看到任何特殊存在，但刚才的声音就像是在他耳边响起。
Wang Ye looked up, he didn't see any special existence, but the voice just now seemed to sound in his ears.
可无论是雷木还是小木木，都像是没有听到那个声音。 But whether it was Lei Mu or Xiao Mumu, it was as if they hadn't heard that voice.
倒是脑袋埋在冰淇淋里的金宝把脑袋拔出来，长舌头一舔，就把自己脑袋上的冰淇淋舔得干干净净。
Instead, Jinbao, whose head was buried in the ice cream, pulled out his head, and licked the ice cream on his head with his long tongue.
“爸叽~” "Dad~"
“我听到了。”王叶很自然地回答：“我们吃的是冰糕，一种用鸡蛋、牛奶、清水、白糖，再加一些其他材料做成的美食。您要来一份吗？”
"I hear you." Wang Ye replied naturally: "We eat sorbet, a delicacy made with eggs, milk, water, sugar, and some other ingredients. Would you like one? ”
“把你说的冰糕放到壁龛中。”那个幽幽的声音说道。他太好奇了，他竟然能闻到这种食物的味道！如果不是这样，他根本不会和这小孩说话。
“好的。”王叶真的拿出一盒冰淇淋放到最近一个壁龛中。
"Okay." Wang Ye really took out a box of ice cream and put it in the nearest alcove.
冰糕瞬间消失，过了一会儿，那道声音再次冒出，这次他的声音充满了更多惊讶：“你这是什么食物，我竟然能吃出味道？这是专给幽灵和亡灵吃的阴食吗？”
The sorbet disappeared in an instant, and after a while, the voice came out again, this time his voice was filled with more surprise: "What kind of food are you, I can actually eat it?" Is this a yin food for ghosts and the undead? ”
“当然不是，您看到我们也吃了。”王叶回答。 "Of course not, you saw us eating too." Wang Ye replied.
“没错，我没有感觉到负面能量，哦，这味道真棒，太好吃了，我已经多久没有……”声音消失了好一会儿。
"That's right, I didn't feel the negative energy, oh, it tastes awesome, it's so delicious, how long has it been since I've ......" The voice disappeared for a while.
王叶猜测对方应该是在拼命吃那盒冰淇淋。 Wang Ye guessed that the other party should be desperately eating the box of ice cream.
至于他制作的冰淇淋，那幽灵或亡灵为什么能吃到，他猜测应该跟他使用的因果之力有关。
As for the ice cream he made, why the ghosts or undead could eat it, he guessed it had something to do with the causal power he used.
因果之力连通生和死，用这种能量制作出来的食物，也怪不得亡灵能尝到味道，并有真正吃下食物的感觉。
The power of cause and effect connects life and death, and it is no wonder that the undead can taste the food and have the feeling of actually eating the food.
“再来一份！不，再给我来十盒。如果你给我，我可以放你们通过，还会给你们一个忠告。”那道声音很激动地道。
"One more! No, bring me ten more boxes. If you give it to me, I can let you go and give you a piece of advice. The voice was excited.
王叶眼珠一转，为难地道：“十盒没有了，只有八盒了。我不知道会遇到您，也不知道您爱吃这个，这点存货还是用来哄我们家孩子的。”
Wang Ye rolled his eyes and said in embarrassment: "Ten boxes are gone, only eight boxes are left." I didn't know I would meet you, and I didn't know that you liked to eat this, but this stock was still used to coax our children. ”
“拿来！快点，别废话。”对方似乎不太高兴哄孩子这个说法，催促道。
"Bring it! Hurry up, don't talk nonsense. The other party didn't seem to be very happy to coax the child, and urged.
王叶很老实地掏出八盒不同口味的冰淇淋放到壁龛上。 Wang Ye honestly took out eight boxes of ice cream with different flavors and put them on the alcove.
冰淇淋再次迅速消失。 The ice cream quickly disappeared again.
躲在暗中的亡灵打开冰淇淋盒子，每盒都舔了一口。 The undead hiding in the shadows open the ice cream boxes and lick each box.
每盒他都能尝到味道，还是不同的味道！ He can taste each box, or a different taste!
这名亡灵激动坏了，冒声：“小鬼，你成功贿赂了我，现在我将实现我的诺言，另外我再奉送你一个重要规则，在这里，不要点灯！”
The undead was so excited that he cried out: "Little ghost, you have successfully bribed me, and now I will fulfill my promise, and I will give you an important rule, here, don't light the lamp!" ”
最后一句话陡然变得阴森恐怖。 The last sentence suddenly became eerie.
四盏魔法灯一晃，同时碎裂。 The four magic lamps flickered and shattered at the same time.
王叶就觉眼前一暗，一股阴冷的风立刻从身边刮过。 Wang Ye felt that his eyes were dark, and a cold wind immediately blew by his side.
不过这风和外界透进来的冷风不同，这风就像是从地狱深处刮出，似乎只要不小心碰触到就会变成阴冷的石块。
However, this wind is different from the cold wind that penetrates from the outside world, and it seems to blow from the depths of hell, and it seems that if you accidentally touch it, it will turn into cold stones.
“那您还接受进一步的贿赂吗？我有些事想要请教您。”王叶仰头问。
"Do you accept further bribes? I have something I want to ask you. Wang Ye raised his head and asked.
那个声音没有回答他，不知道是不是在忙着品尝冰淇淋。
The voice didn't answer him, wondering if it was busy tasting ice cream.
金宝的眼睛变成了金光闪闪的两小点，他还惊喜地叫：“爸叽~”宝宝看得好清楚啊。
Jinbao's eyes turned into two small dots of gold, and he was surprised to shout: "Dad~" The baby can see it clearly.
他原来就可以黑夜视物，但从没有像现在看得这么清楚过。
He could see at night, but never so clearly.
而且好像是能量运送到眼睛部位的缘故，他肚子里都没那么热得想要喷火了。
And it seems that because of the energy delivered to the eye area, his stomach is not so hot that he wants to breathe fire.
雷木和小木木原本就能在黑暗中行走，他们的眼睛甚至没有发光，但他们能看清周围的一切，和白天并没有多大差别。
Reimu and Kogi were able to walk in the dark, their eyes didn't even glow, but they could see everything around them clearly, and it wasn't much different from daytime.
雷木会点灯，完全是为了王叶。 Lei Mu will light the lamp, all for Wang Ye.
而王叶…… And Wang Ye ......
王叶觉得自从他融合虫巢后，他的基因大概就产生了一点异变，就比如黑夜时分，他可以不用点灯，就能把周围看得比较清楚。
Wang Ye felt that since he fused with the hive, his genes had probably undergone a little mutation, such as in the dark of night, he could see his surroundings more clearly without lighting the lamp.
但如果是完全没有光线的场所，比如这里，他需要适应一会儿，好让自己的眼睛进行调适。
But if it's a place where there's no light at all, like here, he'll need to get used to it for a while so that his eyes can adjust.
只是调适需要时间，而且并不能像白天看得那么清楚。 It's just that it takes time to adjust, and it doesn't see as clearly as you can during the day.
现在，王叶看周围，就像是正常人在晚上睡觉时，睁开眼睛看黑暗的毫无光源的卧室，总觉得看到了什么，又像是什么都没看见。
Now, Wang Ye looks around, just like a normal person when he sleeps at night, opens his eyes and looks at the dark bedroom with no light source, and always feels that he sees something, and it seems that he has not seen anything.
一只冰凉的小手碰了碰他的手背。 A small, cold hand touched the back of his hand.
王叶握住这只小手。 Wang Ye held the little hand.
“啪！”雷木忽然打了一个响指，他的身体竟然发出了幽蓝的光芒，不是很亮，但对于现在的王叶来说，却足够明亮。
"Smack!" Lei Mu suddenly snapped his fingers, and his body actually emitted a faint blue light, which was not very bright, but it was bright enough for the current Wang Ye.
王叶感到原本盘旋在他们身边的阴冷风就像是受到惊吓一般，迅速远离了他们。
Wang Ye felt that the cold wind that had been hovering around them was as if he was frightened, and quickly moved away from them.
雷木收起了冰淇淋盒子，他似乎本能的知道自己有一个空间。
Remu put away the ice cream box, he seemed to instinctively know he had a space.
小木木羡慕地看着雷木，他也好想要这样的本领，无论是杀怪物的，还是让自己发光。
Xiao Mumu looked at Lei Mu enviously, he really wanted such a skill, whether it was to kill monsters or let himself shine.
王叶上前，一把抓住雷木的手。 Wang Ye stepped forward and grabbed Lei Mu's hand.
雷木转头，王叶清楚看到他的额头冒出了两只小小的角。不是颜色漂亮的翡翠角，而是幽蓝的颜色，这两只小角也是雷木身体发光的光源。
Lei Mu turned his head, and Wang Ye clearly saw two small horns emerging from his forehead. It's not a beautiful jade horn, but a dark blue color, and these two small horns are also the light source for the glow of Thunderwood's body.
金宝快速消灭了他那盒冰淇淋，把垃圾扔给小叶子爸爸，他再次蹿到了雷木肩头。他喜欢会发光的雷木爸爸~
Jinbao quickly wiped out his box of ice cream and threw the garbage to Daddy Leaf, who jumped on Thunderwood's shoulder again. He likes Daddy Remu, who shines~
“很好看。”王叶真心实意地夸奖。 "It's beautiful." Wang Ye praised sincerely.
雷木嘴唇似乎动了动，转身指向阶梯。 Raimu's lips seemed to move, and he turned and pointed to the stairs.
王叶顺着他的手指看过去，发现阶梯终于有了尽头，那名亡灵果然实现了他的诺言，放他们离开了。
Wang Ye followed his finger and found that the staircase finally came to an end, and the undead had fulfilled his promise and let them go.
但是！阶梯尽头站着两个面对面的石雕战士。 But! At the end of the stairs stood two stone-carved warriors facing each other.
重点是石雕战士之间的缝隙狭窄得只够一只猫钻过去。 The point is that the gap between the stone warriors is narrow enough for a cat to get through.
而只要脑子不傻的都能猜出，想要从这两名石雕战士中间通过，绝对不会是一件容易事。
And as long as the brain is not stupid, it will definitely not be an easy task to pass between these two stone warriors.
王叶看雷木似乎要硬闯的模样，连忙拉住他，他想到刚才那个声音跟他说的话，不知道是不是好感加成的作用，那位显然透露了一个重要信息给他，那就是……
Wang Ye saw that Lei Mu seemed to be about to break through, and hurriedly grabbed him, he thought of what the voice said to him just now, I don't know if it was the effect of the favor bonus, that person obviously revealed an important information to him, that is......
王叶走到那两个石雕战士面前，仰头看他们，试探地道：“两位英俊帅气高大威猛的大哥，我们是来探亲的撒家后代，想要去拜见我们伟大的祖先们，这是我们带着的一点拜见礼，这一份是给你们的，希望两位能笑纳。”
Wang Ye walked in front of the two stone carving warriors, looked up at them, and said tentatively: "Two handsome, handsome, tall and mighty eldest brothers, we are the descendants of the Sa family who came to visit relatives, and we want to visit our great ancestors. ”
王叶说着就从虫巢中拎出一个果篮放到两个石雕战士脚下。
As he spoke, Wang Ye took out a fruit basket from the insect nest and put it at the feet of the two stone carving warriors.
石雕战士一动不动，连眼珠都没侧一下。 The stone warrior remained motionless, not even turning his eyes.
雷木不明白王叶为什么要搞这一套，他明明可以直接杀过去。
Lei Mu didn't understand why Wang Ye was doing this, he could obviously kill him directly.
但王叶挡着他，还把那个奇怪的小东西塞给他。 But Wang Ye blocked him and stuffed that strange little thing into him.
王叶见两名石雕战士不为所动，眼珠一转，往果篮里放了一小盒蛋糕，还自言自语道：“刚才送给之前那位的冰糕没有了，但这个蛋糕也是用同样的原材料加面粉做的，只口味完全不同，也特别好吃。你们可以尝尝。”
Wang Ye saw that the two stone carving warriors were unmoved, rolled his eyes, put a small box of cakes in the fruit basket, and said to himself: "The sorbet that was given to the previous one just now is gone, but this cake is also made of the same raw materials and flour, but the taste is completely different, and it is also very delicious." You can taste it. ”
石雕战士还是没反应。 The stone warriors still didn't react.
王叶又在篮子里放入了一块香喷喷的炸肉排。 Wang Ye put a fragrant cutlet in the basket again.
金宝探头：“叽！”我的！他最喜欢吃炸肉排了。 Jinbao probe: "Tsk! "Mine! His favorite thing to eat is schnitzel.
眼看两个石雕战士还是没有反应，王叶耸耸肩，拎起果篮，转头对雷木道：“看来贿赂没效果，我们还是只能打过去。”
Seeing that the two stone carving warriors still didn't react, Wang Ye shrugged his shoulders, picked up the fruit basket, turned to Lei Mu and said, "It seems that the bribery has no effect, we can only fight it." ”
雷木：“嗯。” Remu: "Hmm. ”
眼看王叶就要走回雷木身后，雷木就要动手，两名石雕战士再也忍不住了。
Seeing that Wang Ye was about to walk back behind Lei Mu, Lei Mu was about to make a move, and the two stone carving warriors couldn't hold back any longer.
“一份不够！” "One is not enough!"
“我们有两个，你只给一份，我们怎么分？” "We have two, you only give one, how do we divide it?"
王叶恍然大悟似的，连声道：“我的错我的错！我这就给大哥你们补上。”
Wang Ye suddenly realized, and said continuously: "My mistake, my mistake!" I'll make it up to you, big brother. ”
王叶拿出了一模一样的另一个果篮，往里面放了和刚才那个果篮中相同的东西，这才把两个果篮放到两个石雕战士的脚边。
Wang Ye took out another fruit basket that was exactly the same, and put the same thing in it as in the fruit basket just now, and then put the two fruit baskets at the feet of the two stone warriors.
咔嚓，咔嚓。 Click, click.
两名石雕战士像是活了过来，竟然弯腰把两个篮子拎起来。
The two stone-carved warriors seemed to come to life, and even bent down to carry the two baskets.
其中一名石雕战士迫不及待地抬起手臂，小石块扑簌簌直往下掉，他也无所谓，他那粗大的石头手指极为灵活地打开蛋糕盒，捏起小小的蛋糕就塞进了大张的石嘴里。
One of the stone warriors couldn't wait to raise his arm, and the small stone fell down, and he didn't care, his thick stone fingers opened the cake box with great dexterity, pinched the small cake and stuffed it into the large stone mouth.
“唔！”石雕战士眼睛瞪大，他激动了。 "Hmm!" The stone warrior's eyes widened, and he was excited.
果然能尝到味道！而且还有食物特有的口感，他真的再次吃到真正的食物了。
Sure enough, you can taste it! And with the peculiar taste of food, he really ate real food again.
这名石雕战士感动坏了。 The stone warrior was moved.
而另一名石雕战士则拿起了炸肉排塞进嘴里。 Another stone warrior picked up the schnitzel and stuffed it into his mouth.
好吃，太好吃了！ It's delicious, it's delicious!
两名石雕战士吃得都要流泪了。 The two stone warriors were in tears as they ate.
“小鬼你不错，真的很不错！不像那些没用又愚蠢的后代白痴们，想要通过我们这里，竟然半点拜见礼都不带，他们的贵族礼仪都学到狗肚子里了吗？”
"You're good, you're really good, little ghost! Unlike those useless and stupid offspring idiots, who want to pass through us, they don't even bring the slightest greeting, have they learned the etiquette of the nobility? ”
另一名石雕战士也道：“也不能说他们什么都没带，但他们带的那些金银珠宝对我们有什么用？我们都死了，还能拿出去使用吗？真的太蠢了！”
Another stone warrior also said: "It can't be said that they didn't bring anything, but what use are the gold, silver and jewelry they brought with us?" We're all dead, can we still take it out and use it? It's really stupid! ”
“小鬼，同样的拜见礼，你还有吗？再给我们两份，不不不，越多越好，我们可以跟你买。”一名石雕在身后墙壁上摸了一下，突然扔出一堆金银珠宝首饰。
"Little ghost, do you still have the same greeting ceremony? Give us two more copies, no, no, no, the more the merrier, we can buy them from you. A stone carver touched the wall behind him, and suddenly threw out a pile of gold and silver jewelry.
“这些都给你，换你的拜见礼，都要吃的！”这名石雕战士重重地道。
"These are all for you, in exchange for your greetings, you have to eat!" The stone-carved warrior was heavily authentic.
王叶低头看脚边那一堆连黑暗都遮挡不住的珠光宝气，口水差点滴下来。
Wang Ye looked down at the pile of jewels at his feet that couldn't even hide the darkness, and his saliva almost dripped down.
这些可都是钱，不像是魔晶，他带到地球也没办法花，也不像是纯黄金，他还要去换成现金。这些首饰，他完全可以拿给他姑，以他姑设计制作的名义放到拍卖行进行拍卖，每次只放出一两件，就足够他姑一辈子生活了。
It's all money, it's not like a magic crystal, and he can't spend it when he brings it to Earth, and it's not like pure gold, and he has to exchange it for cash. He can give these jewelry to his aunt, and put them in the auction house for auction in the name of his aunt's design and production, and only release one or two pieces at a time, which is enough for his aunt to live for a lifetime.
“成交！”王叶收起那堆金银珠宝，开始往外拿他做好的食物。
"Deal!" Wang Ye put away the pile of gold and silver jewels and began to take the food he had made outside.
地球买的食物肯定不行，这些亡灵们根本吃不出味。 The food that the earth buys is definitely not good, and these undead can't eat it at all.
只能是他制作的食物，不一定要是魔食，幸好家里老小都能吃，他平时没事时会做一些放到保鲜库里保存。
It can only be the food he makes, not necessarily the magic food, fortunately, the family can eat it, and he usually makes some when he is okay and puts it in the fresh-keeping storage.
先拿出两个超大的篮子，可以把一个小木木装进去那种。
First, take out two oversized baskets, which can fit a small wooden wood into it.
一叠肉饼，一个篮子分五块。 A stack of meatloaf, a basket divided into five pieces.
再来两只烤全兔，一个篮子一只。 Two more roasted whole rabbits, one in one basket.
水果和蔬菜他没给，虽然那些亡灵可以吸食水果和蔬菜中的生气和能量，但肯定不如真正的食物好吃，送给它们也是浪费。
He didn't give fruits and vegetables, although those undead can suck the vitality and energy in fruits and vegetables, but they are certainly not as delicious as real food, and it is a waste to give them.
倒是他拌的什锦菜，可以一人给上一盒。 On the contrary, the assorted vegetables he mixed can be given by one person.
很快，两个大篮子就塞满了。 Soon, two large baskets were stuffed.
王叶直起腰，他在想还有什么能给的。 Wang Ye straightened up, he was thinking about what else he could give.
结果那两名石雕战士迅速拎起他们各自的那一个大篮子，随后身体一错，右边的石雕战士往前走了两步。
As a result, the two stone warriors quickly picked up their own large baskets, and then their bodies were wrong, and the stone warriors on the right took two steps forward.
如此，就出现了一条通道。 In this way, a passage appears.
“你们可以过去了。”石雕战士还特意指点道：“小鬼，交换是个好品性，看到任何东西不要随便乱拿，懂吗？这里的东西都是有主的。”
"You can go over." The stone carving warrior also deliberately pointed out: "Little ghost, exchange is a good character, don't take anything casually when you see it, understand?" Everything here has a Lord. ”
另一名石雕战士一边咬着水果……大概这水果也沾染了一点因果之力的缘故，他竟然同样能吃出一点味，一边说道：“对祖先要尊重，记住了，小鬼。”
Another stone warrior bites on fruit...... Probably because this fruit was also contaminated with a little power of cause and effect, he was able to eat it a little bit as well, and said, "Respect your ancestors, remember, little ghost." ”
嗐，老一辈真的太好打发了，竟然只收这么点礼就满足了。王叶向两名石雕战士行了个礼，道谢，推着雷木、拉着小木木绕过两名石雕战士，迅速往前走。
Hey, the older generation is really easy to deal with, and they are satisfied with only receiving such a small gift. Wang Ye saluted the two stone carving warriors, thanked them, pushed Lei Mu and pulled Xiao Mu Mu around the two stone carving warriors, and walked forward quickly.
雷木：“……”竟然不用打架了？ Remu: "......" doesn't even have to fight?
前方的通道只能两个成年人并肩行走，墙壁上雕刻着精美的壁画，就连墙顶都有飞龙在翱翔。
The passage ahead can only be walked by two adults, the walls are beautifully carved with murals, and even the top of the wall has a flying dragon soaring.
“你这个小混蛋！你给我两个老伙计送了那么多礼，结果就送我那么一点？我亏了！你得补偿我。”最前面出现的亡灵声音再次出现，而且满是不满，一副要打滚撒泼的调调。
"You little bastard! You gave me so many gifts to my two old fellows, and you gave me that little as a result? I'm losing! You'll have to make it up to me. The undead voice at the front reappeared, and it was full of displeasure, and it was about to roll and splash.
这次这名亡灵的声音，连雷木和小木木都听到了，他们一起抬头看向周围。
This time, the undead's voice was heard even by Lei Mu and Xiao Mu Mu, and they looked up together at the surroundings.
王叶对这名能隐身的亡灵有一点忌惮，虽然不知道对方的身份，但只看他能在这条通道中来去自如，那两名石雕战士也没有阻止他，就能推测出这位的身份和实力都很可能高于那两名石雕战士。
Wang Ye was a little jealous of this undead who could be invisible, although he didn't know the identity of the other party, but just looking at his ability to come and go in this passage, the two stone carving warriors did not stop him, and he could speculate that this person's identity and strength were likely to be higher than those two stone carving warriors.
“那您想要什么？”王叶很好说话地道。 "And what do you want?" Wang Ye is very good at talking.
那声音立刻道：“你给我那两个老伙计的东西，要给我都来一份，不，我要两份！”
The voice immediately said, "You give me the two old fellows' things, you want one for each of them, no, I want two!" ”
王叶为难道：“可是我带的东西不多，本来是拿来拜见诸位祖先的，如果都给了您，那我拿什么给各位陛下？”
Wang Ye was embarrassed: "But I didn't bring many things, I originally used them to meet your ancestors, if they were all given to you, then what should I give to your majesty?" ”
“他们不吃无所谓，小子，我跟你说，我才是这里最大的，你只要笼络好我，我保你能平平安安离开灵寂之地。”那道声音特牛逼地说。
"It doesn't matter if they don't eat, boy, let me tell you, I'm the biggest here, as long as you take care of me, I'll make sure you can leave the land of silence safely." The voice said awesomely.
灵寂之地？王叶记住这个名次，一副好奇的模样道：“您是这里最大的？难道您是我们银月国第一代国王陛下？”
A place of solitude? Wang Ye remembered this ranking, and said with a curious look: "You are the biggest here?" Could it be that you are the first king of our Silver Moon Kingdom? ”
“我才不是那个白痴！”声音很生气地道：“我是他祖宗！如果不是我，那群白痴早就给魔族玩死了，还想延续国家，还指望王国变成帝国？那群蠢货，尤其撒洛特那个白痴，他简直就妄为我们撒家人！”
"I'm not that idiot!" The voice said angrily: "I am his ancestor!" If it weren't for me, those idiots would have played the demons to death a long time ago, and they still want to continue the country, and they still expect the kingdom to become an empire? Those idiots, especially the idiot of Salot, who is just a family for us! ”
“老祖您好，请问老祖您如何称呼？”王叶偷偷给自己挂上“老人爱说古”这个buff。
"Hello Ancestor, may I ask what you call Ancestor?" Wang Ye secretly hung the buff "The old man loves to talk about the ancients" to himself.
“你不是在叫我老祖吗？”那声音牛气哄哄地道。 "Aren't you calling me Ancestor?" The voice was bullish.
“老祖，您说我国的诸位陛下差点给魔族玩死是什么意思？”王叶很直球地问，同时拿出一个大篮子，慢腾腾地往里面塞东西。
"Ancestor, what do you mean when you say that Your Majesty of our country almost played to death for the demons?" Wang Ye asked very straightly, and at the same time took out a large basket and slowly stuffed things into it.
老祖盯着王小叶往篮子里放食物，一边不耐烦地说：“就是撒洛特那个白痴，他为了长生和魔族签订契约，而他还自以为聪明地跟魔族商议，说只要是被选定的下一代国王，就也能获得他们本应该获得的最长寿命。却不知道就因为他增加的这一条，让整个撒家都被那魔族套牢了，跑都跑不掉！”
Old Ancestor stared at Wang Xiaoye putting food in the basket, and said impatiently: "It's that idiot from Salot, he signed a contract with the demons for immortality, and he also thought he was smart enough to negotiate with the demons, saying that as long as they were the next generation of kings chosen, they would also be able to obtain the maximum lifespan they should have obtained." But I didn't know that just because of the one he added, the entire Sajia family was trapped by the demon clan, and he couldn't run away! ”
“哦，到底是怎么回事？您能详细说说吗，作为后代，我们并不想被魔族套牢，如果有可能，我们希望能破解这个魔咒。毕竟没有人想要早死，也不是谁都想成为国王。”
"Oh, what the hell is going on? Can you elaborate on this, as descendants, we don't want to be trapped by demons, and if possible, we hope to break this spell. After all, no one wants to die early, and not everyone wants to be a king. ”
“小子，你可不是撒家后代。”老祖嗤笑，一把抢过篮子。
"Boy, you're not a descendant." Old Ancestor sneered and snatched the basket.
“嗯，我不是，我只是能做出让您和其他撒家亡灵都吃到的美食，包括饮料。您要来一点美酒吗？我自己酿的哦，不多，只有一坛。”王叶慢腾腾地抱出一个酒坛，打开盖子，让老祖闻到一点味，又迅雷不及掩耳之势地收回虫巢。
"Well, I'm not, I can just make good food, including drinks, that you and the other undead can eat. Would you like a little wine? I brewed it myself, not much, only one jar. Wang Ye slowly took out a wine jar, opened the lid, let the ancestor smell a little, and quickly retracted the worm nest.
“你这个臭小子！”老祖气得乱飘。 "You stinky boy!" The ancestor was furious.
“老祖，您知道他们是您的后代吗？”王叶又指向雷木和小木木。
"Ancestor, do you know that they are your descendants?" Wang Ye pointed to Lei Mu and Xiao Mu again.
老祖冷哼一声：“两个小杂种。” Old Ancestor snorted coldly: "Two little mongrels. ”
“喂，老头，说话干净点。”王叶秒翻脸。 "Hey, old man, speak cleanly." Wang Ye turned his face in seconds.
老祖竟然呵了一声：“看不出来，你还挺维护他们。不对，不是他们，他们明明是同一个人，这个小怪物就是大的一部分灵魂。也亏得这小杂种聪明，竟然想出这种方法脱身。”
The ancestor actually sighed: "I can't see it, you still defend them." No, it's not them, they're obviously the same person, and this little monster is a big part of the soul. It's also thanks to this little bastard that he was clever enough to come up with this way to get out. ”
王叶阴森森道：“老贼头，你要是再叫木木小杂种，我发誓，你刚才拿到的所有食物都会变成木渣！”
Wang Ye said gloomily: "Old thief, if you call Mu Mu a little bastard again, I swear, all the food you just got will turn into wood residue!" ”
“你个小兔崽子胆子很大啊。多少年了，竟然又冒出来一个敢于威胁我的家伙，还是这么一个小不点。”老祖冷笑，坚持三秒后……怂了。
"You little bunny has a lot of guts. How many years have passed, and a guy who dares to threaten me has appeared, and it is still such a small point. Old Ancestor sneered, and after holding on for three seconds...... Cowardly.
对于一个几千年都没有吃过真正食物的亡灵来说，美食变木渣的威胁真的太可怕了。
For an undead who hasn't eaten real food for thousands of years, the threat of food turning into wood dregs is truly terrifying.
老祖悻悻地道：“我叫他小杂种又不是骂他，杂种才好，越杂越健康。纯血才会真的完蛋。”
The ancestor said stupidly: "I call him a little mongrel and I don't scold him, the mongrel is good, the more miscellaneous the healthier." Pureblood will really be finished. ”
王叶挑眉，没想到这位老祖竟然还能明白这个道理，他还以为所有贵族都认为纯血才是最好的。
Wang Ye raised his eyebrows, he didn't expect this ancestor to understand this truth, he also thought that all nobles thought that pureblood was the best.
“喂，小子，别往前走了，前面就是灵寂之地，活人进去可没什么好处。这两个更不适合，他们一个只是部分灵魂，一个缺魂，就算他们能使用魔气，甚至转变成魔族，进入那里也只会成为粮食。”
"Hey, boy, don't go any further, there's a place of silence ahead, and it's no good for the living to go in. These two are even more unsuitable, one of them is only a part of the soul, and the other is lacking in the soul, even if they can use the demonic energy, or even transform into a demon, they will only become food when they enter there. ”
王叶面前逐渐出现一个淡淡的身影。 A faint figure gradually appeared in front of Wang Ye.
身影颜色加深，竟然转眼间就变成了一个宛如实体的存在。
The color of the figure deepened, and in the blink of an eye, it turned into an entity-like existence.
那是一个相当英俊的老头。 It was a rather handsome old man.
不算很老，雪白的头发整齐地梳理出了层次，脸很瘦削，五官立体，眼窝很深，身上穿着皮质的猎人装束——这大概是撒家人的某种传统喜好？
Not very old, snow-white hair neatly combed out of layers, very thin face, three-dimensional facial features, deep eye sockets, and wearing a leather hunter's outfit - this is probably some kind of traditional preference of the Saga family?
“撒大胆！”虫巢中，疯药王发出一声惊呼。 "Be bold!" In the hive, the Mad Medicine King let out an exclamation.
“这老家伙竟然没有消失，他这是转化为亡灵多久了？他的实力得有多高？真没想到撒家地宫里竟然还藏着这么一位大佬。”疯药王喊出一连串的没想到。
"This old guy hasn't even disappeared, how long has he been transformed into an undead? How strong does he have to be? I really didn't expect that there was such a big guy hidden in the Sajia underground palace. The Mad Medicine King shouted a series of unexpected.
王叶嘴角一抽，撒家老祖叫撒大胆？ The corners of Wang Ye's mouth twitched, the ancestor of the Sa family called Sa Daring?
“你认识他？”王叶传音给疯药王。 "You know him?" Wang Ye sent a message to the King of Crazy Medicine.
疯药王还在呢喃：“我哪能认识他，他可是古早的大人物了。但我见过他的魔法画像，能动的那种，就在知识之城。这老家伙真的非常厉害，有人说魔法就是他从魔族那里骗来的。还有人说屠魔教也是这人创立的。总之，关于这老家伙的传说很多。没想到他竟然是银月国撒家老祖？”
The Mad Medicine King was still murmuring: "How can I know him, he is a big man in ancient times." But I've seen his magical portraits, the moving kind, in the City of Knowledge. This old guy is really very powerful, and some people say that the magic was tricked from the demons. Others say that the Demon Slayer Cult was also founded by this man. In short, there are many legends about this old guy. I didn't expect him to be the ancestor of the Silver Moon Country? ”
第303章 老祖撒大胆
王叶对老头顿时肃然起敬。
如果这位真的从魔族把魔法骗到手的话。
不过如果这是真的，这位老祖到底已经多少岁了？
或者该问他已经死多久了？
“小子，你这是什么眼神？”撒大胆……还是叫撒老祖吧，斜睨王小叶的同时，还不忘抓了一把糖炒栗子剥开，一口一个，吃得飞快。
“我听说过一个传闻。”王叶搓了搓手，“听说魔法就是您从魔族那里……学来的？”
撒老祖嘿的一声。 Sa Lao Zu heyed.
王叶：这什么意思？
撒老祖慢悠悠道：“没想到现在还有关于我的传说流传，你这个小兔崽子见闻倒是比一般的小兔崽子要广得多。”
王叶对于老头老太骂他小兔崽子这点，已经不会生气了，还特别淡定：“所以到底是真的还是假的？”
Wang Ye was no longer angry at the old man and the old lady scolding him for being a little rabbit, and he was very calm: "So is it true or false?" ”
“你认为是真的就是真的，你认为是假的，那就是假的。”撒老祖特别狡猾地笑。
"What you think is true is true, and what you think is false, that's false." Sa Lao Zu smiled particularly slyly.
王叶保证这撒家老祖和疯老头很有共同语言。 Wang Ye assured that the ancestor of the Sa family and the crazy old man had a common language.
“那您已经转变成亡灵多久了？”王叶换个问题打探。 "And how long have you been transformed into an undead?" Wang Ye asked another question.
“不记得了，我很长时间都在睡觉，睡醒了就出来转转，把那些不肖子孙打几顿耍耍。”
"I don't remember, I've been sleeping for a long time, and when I wake up, I come out and go around, and play those unscrupulous children and grandchildren a few times."
“呃，您不能离开这座地宫吗？” "Uh, can't you leave this dungeon?"
谁想，王叶这个问题像是捅了马蜂窝。老头用力一摔手中的栗子壳，非常愤怒地道：“你以为这个地宫是怎么维持能源的？你以为那些不肖子孙都是怎么到现在还没有失去自己灵魂的？都是因为我！那个小畜生大傻叉被个魔族骗得团团转，竟然用我……”
Who thinks, Wang Ye's question is like stabbing a hornet's nest. The old man slammed the chestnut shell in his hand and said very angrily: "How do you think this dungeon maintains energy?" How do you think those unscrupulous descendants haven't lost their souls until now? It's all because of me! That little brute Dasha Fork was deceived by a demon clan, and he actually used me to ......"
撒老祖深吸气，平息怒火：“我无法离开地宫，如果我离开，撒家包括整个银月帝国就真的完了。”
Sa Old Ancestor took a deep breath and calmed his anger: "I can't leave the underground palace, if I leave, the Sa family, including the entire Silver Moon Empire, will really be finished." ”
“为什么？还有您知道外面的消息？”王叶追问。 "Why? And do you know anything out there? Wang Ye asked.
撒老祖瞪眼：“哪有那么多为什么。小孩子家家不要有这么多疑问，大人不跟你说，那是为了你们好！至于外面的消息，我想知道，总有办法知道。”
Sa Lao Zu glared: "How can there be so many whys." Children don't have so many questions, adults don't tell you, it's for your good! As for the news out there, I want to know, there is always a way to know. ”
王叶偷偷查看自己挂上的buff，应该没问题啊，为什么对这个老亡灵没效果？
Wang Ye secretly checked the buff he hung up, it should be no problem, why is it not effective on this old undead?
“你小子有点古怪，你似乎有能力影响我。但到了我这个层次，除非我愿意被你影响，否则那点精神暗示对我来说……呼！就能吹没了。”
"You're a bit eccentric, you seem to have the power to influence me. But at my level, unless I'm willing to be influenced by you, that little bit of spiritual hint is ...... to me Call! You can blow it off. ”
王叶被吹得一脸阴风，鼻尖都要冻掉了。 Wang Ye was blown into the gloomy wind, and the tip of his nose was about to freeze off.
他明明开启了因果循环保护罩，可老头随便吹了一股风，就让他受伤了。
He obviously opened the causal cycle protective shield, but the old man blew a wind casually, and he was injured.
厉害的老亡灵！疯药王在这点上可没办法跟这位比。 Awesome old undead! The Mad Medicine King can't compare with this in this regard.
“不过当年的事情，还有那个白痴和魔族契约的事情，我可以都告诉你。你出去后记得告诉撒尔曼那小子，并让他近期再来地宫一趟，就说我有事找他。”撒老祖忽然转变口风。
"But I can tell you everything about the things back then, and the contract between that idiot and the demons. When you go out, remember to tell the boy Salman, and ask him to come to the dungeon again in the near future, and say that I have something to look for him. Sa Lao Zu suddenly changed his tone.
王叶：“大帝他见过你吗？” Wang Ye: "Has the Emperor seen you?" ”
“他可没有你这么好的运气。那也是一个蠢货，来拜见我，竟然只会带一些花花草草，我要鲜花干什么？我又不是女人！我才懒得见他。”撒老祖生气。
"He's not as lucky as you. That's also a fool, come to visit me, and only bring some flowers and plants, what do I want flowers for? I'm not a woman! I didn't bother to see him. "Sa Lao Zu is angry.
王叶：“……” Wang Ye: "......"
撒老祖随手推开一扇门。 Sazu casually pushed open a door.
王叶发誓刚才那地方就是普通的墙壁。 Wang Ye swore that the place just now was an ordinary wall.
跟着撒老祖进去，里面竟然是一个特别朴素的猎人小屋。
Following Sa Lao Zu in, it turned out to be a particularly simple hunter's hut inside.
王叶下意识回头看了看刚才进来的地方，原木做成的墙壁，完全看不出半点坟墓的痕迹。
Wang Ye subconsciously looked back at the place where he came in just now, the wall made of logs, and there was no trace of the tomb at all.
“这不是幻觉。撒尔曼唯一做对的事，就是把我的墓室重新修建成了现在的模样。他看到了一幅画，嗯，我亲手画的。年轻时，我一直希望能成为一名画家。”
"It's not an illusion. The only thing Salman did right was to rebuild my tomb to its current appearance. He saw a painting, well, I painted it with my own hands. When I was younger, I always wanted to be a painter. ”
撒老祖从燃烧着真正火焰的壁炉上拿下一个铁壶。 Sa's ancestor took an iron kettle from the fireplace where the real flame was burning.
“小鬼，看到墙壁架子上的杯子了吗？拿过来，放到桌子上。”
"Imp, do you see the cups on the wall shelf? Take it and put it on the table. ”
王叶依言从架子上拿了那几个造型很朴实的木杯，放到了同样原木制作的黑黝黝大木桌上。
Wang Ye Yiyan took the wooden cups with a very simple shape from the shelf and put them on the large black wooden table made of the same log.
雷木很自然地在木凳上坐下，就好像这里是他家一样自然。
Naturally, Raimu sat down on the wooden bench as if it were his home.
小木木抬头看王叶。 Xiao Mumu looked up at Wang Ye.
王叶把他抱起来，也放到一张凳子上。 Wang Ye picked him up and put him on a stool.
撒老祖提着铁壶过来，给他们一人倒了一杯水。 Sazu came over with an iron kettle and poured a glass of water for each of them.
王叶的只有半杯，而且没有冒热气。 Wang Ye's was only half a cup, and it didn't steam up.
奇怪的是，雷木和小木木杯子里都是满满的，还冒着热气。
Strangely, the cups of Lei Mu and Xiao Mu were full and steaming.
金宝冲着撒老祖叽叽叫，表示他也是家庭成员之一，不能忘了他。
Jin Bao shouted at Sa's ancestor, saying that he was also a member of the family and could not forget him.
撒老祖似乎此时才注意到金宝一般，瞅瞅他，没给他倒水，而是翻出一袋子石头，扔到金宝面前：“吃吧，慢慢吃，别一次吃太多，撑死了别怪我。”
Sa Lao Zu seemed to have only noticed Jinbao at this time, looked at him, did not pour water for him, but turned out a bag of stones and threw it in front of Jinbao: "Eat, eat slowly, don't eat too much at once, don't blame me for dying." ”
金宝速度极快地钻入那个布袋中，简直实力演示了什么叫请君入袋。
Jinbao drilled into the cloth bag extremely quickly, and it was a demonstration of what it means to invite you into the bag.
金宝嗅嗅这个、舔舔那个，哪个都想吃，可他肚子很热也很饱，一个都吃不下，就从袋子里钻出来，咬着袋子拖到雷木面前，让他雷木爸爸给他收起来。
Jinbao sniffed this, licked that, and wanted to eat everything, but his stomach was so hot and full that he couldn't eat any of them, so he got out of the bag, bit the bag and dragged it to Lei Mu, and asked Lei Mu's father to put it away for him.
雷木摸摸金宝，把袋子收起。 Lei Mu touched Jinbao and put the bag away.
王叶趁机把手指探入自己的杯子中和两个木木的杯子中，做了一个快速鉴定。
Wang Ye took the opportunity to poke his fingers into his cup and the two wooden cups to make a quick identification.
撒老祖把王小叶的小动作看得一清二楚，嘲笑道：“你这个小东西，怀疑心倒是很大。我要害你们，还需要费这个工夫？”
Sa Lao Zu saw Wang Xiaoye's small movements clearly, and sneered: "You little thing, you are very suspicious. I'm going to hurt you, and I need to spend this amount of work? ”
王叶厚脸皮地道：“我就是好奇。” Wang Ye said cheekily: "I'm just curious." ”
“哦，那你看出来什么了吗？如果你真能看出来，我就回答你一个问题。”
"Oh, do you see something? If you can really see it, I'll answer you a question. ”
“任何问题？” "Any questions?"
“对。任何问题，包括你想问怎么成神这样的问题都行。”
"Yes. Anything you want, including questions you want to ask about how to become a god. ”
王叶嚯了一声，指着自己的杯子说道：“龙心阳草制成的精神力提升饮料，可以给活人稳固神魂，需要用极阴之地的寒泉水当配料。”
Wang Ye snorted, pointed to his cup and said, "The spiritual power enhancement drink made of Longxin Yang Grass can stabilize the soul of the living, and it needs to use the cold spring water of the Extreme Yin Land as an ingredient. ”
王叶又指向雷木和小木木的杯子：“龙心阴草，同样可以提升精神力、稳固魂体，但需要用阳泉水，而且只作用于亡魂。现在他们不算是亡魂吧？”
Wang Ye pointed to Lei Mu and Xiao Mu Mu's cups again: "Dragon Heart Yin Grass can also improve spiritual power and stabilize the soul body, but it needs to use Yang Spring Water, and it only acts on the dead soul. Now they're not revenants, are they? ”
“他们也不是人，而且他们有魔族血统，龙心阴草才最适合他们。你小子见识果然不错。”撒老祖没想到这么个小孩子竟然真的能看出这两杯饮料的原材料是什么，正要夸奖他，就听这小孩又接了一句。
"They are not human either, and they have demon blood, so the Dragon Heart Yin Grass is the most suitable for them. Your kid really has a good insight. Sa Lao Zu didn't expect such a child to really be able to see what the raw materials of these two drinks were, and was about to praise him, when he heard the kid answer again.
“太可惜了，您应该不懂得制作药剂，所以只能单纯地用水去冲泡，虽然这样也有一定效果，但如果制成药剂的话，效果至少能提升三倍以上。浪费，真的太浪费了！”王叶痛心疾首。
"It's a pity, you don't know how to make potions, so you can only brew them with water, although this has a certain effect, but if you make a potion, the effect can be increased by at least three times. Wasteful, really wasteful! Wang Ye was heartbroken.
撒老祖：“……说的好像你懂制药一样。你以为找个厉害的药师很容易吗？那些蠢货大多见面不如闻名，把好材料给他们炼制，那就是浪费。我还不如直接吃药草。”
Sa Lao Zu: "...... It's like you know about pharmaceuticals. Do you think it's easy to find a great pharmacist? Most of those fools are not as famous as they meet, and it is a waste to refine good materials for them. I might as well just take the herb. ”
“您可以找我啊。老祖你还有多少这样的药草？给我，我给你制成药剂，七级包括七级以下我都可以，八级只要有药方，我也可以尝试。”
"You can find me. Ancestor, how many more of these herbs do you have? Give it to me, I'll make it for you, I can do it at level 7 and below level 7, and I can try it as long as there is a prescription for level 8. ”
“做梦！别想骗我的药草。你到底喝不喝？不喝我就……”
"Dream! Don't try to fool my herbs. Do you even drink it? I'll ...... if I don't drink it."
王叶端起杯子，咕咚咕咚一口气全部喝完，连一滴液体都没剩。
Wang Ye picked up the cup and drank it all in one go, not even a drop of liquid left.
雷木和小木木得到他示意，也端起杯子喝了杯中饮料。 Lei Mu and Xiao Mu Mu received his signal, and also picked up their cups and drank the drinks in their cups.
味道……看小木木的表情就知道了。 Flavor...... Just look at Xiao Mumu's expression.
王叶迅速给两个木木和自己都塞了一块糖。 Wang Ye quickly stuffed a piece of sugar for the two Mumu and himself.
小木木含着糖，嘴巴闭得紧紧的。 Xiao Mumu had sugar in his mouth, and his mouth was tightly closed.
金宝飞快爬到王叶手边，扒他的手指，宝宝也要！ Jinbao quickly crawled to Wang Ye's hand and picked his fingers, and the baby wanted it too!
王叶只好也给他塞了一块：“吃那么多糖，还不爱刷牙，迟早牙齿烂光！”
Wang Ye had no choice but to stuff him with a piece: "If you eat so much sugar, you don't like to brush your teeth, sooner or later your teeth will rot!" ”
金宝：“哼！” Jinbao: "Humph! ”
王叶戳他小肚子：“你还会哼了？都是老疯子，把你教坏了。”
Wang Ye poked his little belly: "Are you still humming?" It's all old madmen who taught you badly. ”
疯药王气，在虫巢中骂：“关我屁事！” The mad medicine king was angry and scolded in the hive: "It's my!" ”
但转而疯药王就腆着脸叫：“小叶子，那老家伙一定有很多好东西，他那个年代，好东西贼多。你看他拿出这么珍贵的龙心草和龙血石，还半点不心疼，就知道他存货肯定超多，你快点从他手上多弄点回来。”
But then the Crazy Medicine King shouted with a shy face: "Xiao Yezi, that old guy must have a lot of good things, in his time, there were many good things to steal." You see that he took out such a precious dragon's heart grass and dragon's blood stone, and he didn't feel distressed at all, you know that he must have a lot of inventory, you can get more from him quickly. ”
王叶当然想，但对面的撒大胆显然不像疯老头这么好忽悠，咳！
Of course Wang Ye wanted to, but the bold man on the other side was obviously not as easy to fool as the crazy old man, cough!
“我现在可以问您一个问题了吗？” "May I ask you a question now?"
“问吧。”撒老祖给自己也倒了一杯水，也在桌前坐下，甩手把铁壶又扔回壁炉挂架上，拿出王叶孝敬给他的食物，开始眯眼享受起美食来。
"Just ask." Sa Lao Zu poured himself a glass of water, sat down at the table, threw the iron kettle back on the fireplace hanger, took out the food that Wang Ye Xiaojing gave him, and began to squint and enjoy the food.
王叶索性拿出更多食物放到桌子上，示意雷木和小木木一起享用，金宝不用他说，压根就不会客气。
Wang Ye simply took out more food and put it on the table, and motioned for Lei Mu and Xiao Mu Mu to enjoy it together, Jinbao didn't need him to say it, so he wouldn't be polite at all.
有些是地球那边买来的小炒和小食之类，撒老祖看了好奇也嘴馋，抢过来尝了尝，发现尝不出味道，又气呼呼地扔回去。
Some of them were fried and snacks bought from the other side of the earth, and the ancestor was curious and greedy, so he grabbed them and tasted them, but found that he couldn't taste them, so he threw them back angrily.
王叶仔细想了想，把他想问的问题都在脑中过了好几遍，选出一个，使用了这个宝贵的提问机会：“为什么后来的双月星的超凡者们都没有办法突破十一级？”
Wang Ye thought about it carefully, went through all the questions he wanted to ask in his mind several times, selected one, and used this precious opportunity to ask questions: "Why can't the transcendents of the later Double Moon Star break through the eleventh level?" ”
撒老祖似乎很喜欢炒栗子，吃个不停：“你很聪明，问了一个好问题。这个问题也确实是所有问题的根源。”
Sa Lao Zu seems to like fried chestnuts very much, and he can't stop eating: "You are very smart and asked a good question." This problem is indeed the root of all problems. ”
王叶为了防止老头搪塞他，先一步道：“有人告诉我，是因为我们身体中混杂了其他外来物种的遗传元素，导致我们产生了新的基因锁也就是新的突破上限。也有人跟我说，是因为我们没有一个系统的修炼方法。而类似唐博和古鼎这样传说中的大人物，以及其他双月星古早的顶层超凡者，为此离开了双月星，去了一个很神秘的地方，只为了能得到突破更高层次的方法。”
In order to prevent the old man from prevaricating him, Wang Ye took the first step and said: "Someone told me that it was because our bodies were mixed with the genetic elements of other alien species, which caused us to produce a new genetic lock, that is, a new breakthrough ceiling. Some people also told me that it was because we didn't have a systematic cultivation method. And legendary bigwigs like Tang Bo and Gu Ding, as well as other top-level transcendents of the Twin Moon Stars, left the Twin Moon Stars for this reason and went to a very mysterious place, just to get a way to break through to a higher level. ”
“唐博和古鼎啊，这两个人和我几乎是同时代，但比我还差了一些辈分。”撒老祖老气横秋地道。
"Tang Bo and Gu Ding, these two people are almost the same generation as me, but they are a little worse than me." Sa Lao Zu is old-fashioned and authentic.
王叶基本已经推算出这位老祖的年岁，只用时间计算，这位老祖的实力恐怕都不能用半神来形容，哪怕他现在只是一个亡灵。
Wang Ye has basically calculated the age of this ancestor, and only in time, I am afraid that the strength of this ancestor cannot be described as a demigod, even if he is just an undead now.
一个修炼出实体的亡灵，这是什么概念？ What is the concept of an undead who has cultivated into a physical entity?
“不过唐博是个很聪明的人，虽然他很懒。因为他懒，他才没有大肆扩张，只占领了十万大山就宣布立国了，之后也没怎么扩展过版图。也因为他懒，他极少插手其他国家和种族的事情。但事情只要涉及到古鼎那个魔种，那就不一样了。”
"But Don Bo is a very smart man, although he is lazy. Because he was lazy, he did not expand aggressively, and only occupied 100,000 mountains before declaring the establishment of the country, and he did not expand his territory much after that. Also because he is lazy, he rarely meddles in the affairs of other countries and races. But as long as things involve Gu Ding's demon seed, it's different. ”
撒老祖没有立刻回答王叶的问题，而是回忆一般说了些唐博和古鼎两个人的事情。
Sa Lao Zu did not answer Wang Ye's question immediately, but recalled that he generally said something about Tang Bo and Gu Ding.
屋里气氛正好。 The atmosphere in the house is just right.
“咚咚。”敲门声响起。 "Knock knock." There was a knock on the door.
王叶愣住，这时候、这个地方，竟然还有人过来，并且敲门？
Wang Ye was stunned, at this time, in this place, there were still people coming and knocking on the door?
撒老祖一手按住额头，垂下眼眸，过了一会儿抬起，环视一圈四个小家伙和那只十级的傀儡蜘蛛，呵呵一笑，特别和蔼客气地道：“不用管外面那个家伙，那不是什么好东西，等他敲烦了，他就会离开。”
Sa Lao Zu pressed his forehead with one hand, lowered his eyes, raised it after a while, looked around at the four little guys and the tenth-level puppet spider, smiled, and said very kindly: "Don't worry about the guy outside, it's not a good thing, when he gets annoyed, he will leave." ”
紧接着，撒老祖就跟没事人一样，继续说道：“魔法的出现，确实和魔族有关，也和我有关，但让魔法发扬光大的，却是唐博和古鼎。他们似乎抓捕并囚禁了一个高阶魔族，从他那里掏到了非常系统的魔法知识。”
Immediately afterwards, Sa Lao Zu continued like no one else: "The appearance of magic is indeed related to the demon race, and it is also related to me, but it is Tang Bo and Gu Ding who make magic flourish. They seem to have captured and imprisoned a high-level demon race, and extracted very systematic magical knowledge from him. ”
撒老祖非常坦然地承认：“我最初得到的只是一些非常简单的魔法，和一些魔阵图。真正让魔法成为系统知识，把贵族从高高在上的神眷者位置拉下来，让魔法普及、让人们能接受魔种的人，是他们。虽然至今为止，仍旧有人愚蠢地对魔种忌惮至极。”
Sa Lao Zu admitted very calmly: "What I got at the beginning was just some very simple magic, and some magic array diagrams. They are the ones who really make magic a systematic knowledge, pull the nobility down from the position of the high gods, popularize magic, and make people accept the demon seed. Even now, there are still people who are stupidly afraid of the demon seed. ”
王叶十分在意那敲门声，但撒老祖完全没有理会的意思。
Wang Ye was very concerned about the knock on the door, but Sa Lao Zu didn't pay attention to it at all.
撒老祖：“之后他们似乎还通过那个魔族，去了魔界。据我所知，他们在魔界得到了突破十一级乃至更高等级的方法，但他们却没有采用。我不知道具体原因，但我知道他们绝不会做不利于双月星人的事情，如果他们不愿意把这个突破方法传出来，那必然是因为不适合双月星人，或者有其他原因。”
Sa Lao Zu: "After that, it seems that they also went to the demon realm through that demon clan. As far as I know, they were given the method to break through to level eleven or higher in the Demon Realm, but they didn't use it. I don't know the specific reason, but I know that they will never do anything that is unfavorable to the Twin Moon Star people, and if they are unwilling to spread this breakthrough method, it must be because it is not suitable for the Double Moon Star people, or there are other reasons. ”
“很久以后，那时我刚下定决心转化为亡灵。不瞒你们说，我能转化为亡灵，也是他们两人帮的忙。我当时的情况很糟糕，我因为强行突破，整个身体都碎掉了，连精神核都布满裂纹。他们借用天地之气……唐博的某些认识和我们都不太一样，在询问过我的意愿后，让我和这一片山川土地绑缚在一起，唐博还笑说我成了这里的山神还是土地神什么的。”
"Much later, when I had just made up my mind to become an undead. To tell you the truth, I was able to transform into an undead, and it was the two of them who helped me. I was in a terrible situation at the time, my whole body was shattered because of the forced breakthrough, and even the spiritual core was full of cracks. They borrowed the breath of heaven and earth...... After asking me about my wishes, he tied me to this piece of mountains and land, and Tang Bo also laughed and said that I became the god of the mountains or the land here. ”
王叶回神：“……”这个唐博绝对有问题，他就算不是地球华夏人，也绝对曾经去过地球华夏。
Wang Ye returned to his senses: "......" This Tang Bo is definitely problematic, even if he is not from Earth China, he has definitely been to Earth China.
如果是上辈子，他听到唐博的传说，只会以为是游戏设定。可这辈子，他都知道双月星是真实的，还有一个真实的他进入了这个真实的世界，那么再听到唐博的传说，他能不怀疑？
If it was in his previous life, when he heard the legend of Tang Bo, he would only think it was the game setting. But in this life, he knew that the Double Moon Star was real, and there was a real one who had entered this real world, so when he heard Tang Bo's legend again, could he not doubt it?
尤其白鹿国几乎就是在唐博一手操持下才陡然崛起，而且白鹿国传出的各种食物、技术、艺术以及一些特别华夏的用词和发音，要说唐博和地球华夏没关系，所有地球华夏人都不会相信。
In particular, the White Deer Country almost rose suddenly under Tang Bo's control, and the various foods, technologies, arts, and some special Chinese words and pronunciations that came out of the White Deer Country, if Tang Bo has nothing to do with Earth Huaxia, all Earth Huaxia people will not believe it.
“后来又发生了很多事情。”撒老祖看几个小的都好奇地盯着他看，一时说古的心思大起，说了当年很多事情，而很多都是历史资料上都查不到的。
"A lot of things happened after that." Sa Lao Zu looked at a few small ones and stared at him curiously, and for a while said that Gu Gu's mind was big, and he said a lot of things back then, and many of them could not be found in historical materials.
一袋炒栗子吃完，撒老祖开始进攻所有点心类食物，他吃的速度非常快，还丝毫不妨碍他说话。
After eating the bag of fried chestnuts, Sa Lao Zu began to attack all the dim sum food, and he ate it very quickly, and it did not hinder him from talking in the slightest.
“他们经常到我这里聚会，有树人、有海族、有巨人、有兽人、有地底族……很多智慧种族，大家跟现在的我一样，都非常喜欢边吃边说。唐博很会做吃的，但他懒得做，都是古鼎做东西给我们吃。后来经过大家长时间的研究，终于发现，我们无法突破十一级，不是因为我们接受了外来的遗传元素，也不是因为我们学习的魔法和我们本身的异术有问题，而是……”
"They often come to meet with me, some of them are treants, some are sea people, some are giants, some are orcs, some are earth...... Many intelligent races, like me now, like me, like to talk while eating. Tang Bo is very good at cooking, but he is too lazy to do it, Gu Ding makes things for us to eat. Later, after a long period of research, we finally found out that we couldn't break through the eleventh level, not because we accepted foreign genetic elements, nor because we had problems with the magic we learned and our own magic skills, but because we ......"
王叶竖起了耳朵，就连金宝都抬起小脑袋。 Wang Ye pricked up his ears, and even Jinbao raised his little head.
“咚咚咚！咚咚咚！”敲门声变得急切。 "Knock knock! Knock knock! The knock on the door became urgent.
王叶和金宝一起转头寻找门扉的位置，但没找到。 Wang Ye and Jinbao turned their heads together to look for the location of the door, but they couldn't find it.
撒老祖完全不为敲门声所动，他还想要摸摸金宝的小脑袋，但金宝哧溜一下就蹿到王叶肩膀上。
Sa Lao Zu was completely unmoved by the knock on the door, and he wanted to touch Jinbao's little head, but Jinbao jumped onto Wang Ye's shoulder with a snort.
撒老祖笑骂：“这个小贼东西，拿了我那么多好东西，还这么小气，跟龙族那些家伙一模一样。”
Sa Lao Zu scolded with a smile: "This little thief has taken so many good things from me, and he is so stingy, exactly the same as those guys in the Dragon Clan." ”
“您那时候还有龙族吗？”王叶勉强忽视敲门声，问。 "Did you still have dragons back then?" Wang Ye reluctantly ignored the knock on the door and asked.
“有，但极少。他们整族都在远古时期去了其他地方，但他们留下了通道地址，后来遗留的龙族只要想走，就可以通过那条通道离开。传说当时还有些龙蛋留下。这小东西是那些龙蛋孵化的吧？不过他是不是太小了？我记得龙崽子孵化出来跟个球一样。”撒老祖还比划了一下。
"Yes, but very little. Their entire clan had gone elsewhere in ancient times, but they left behind the address of the passage, through which the dragons left behind could leave as long as they wanted to. Legend has it that there were still some dragon eggs left at that time. This little thing was hatched from those dragon eggs, right? But isn't he too young? I remember the cub hatching like a ball. "Sa Lao Zu also gestured.
王叶摸摸金宝，坦言：“他是远古精灵卵孵化出来的原始精灵。”
Wang Ye touched Jinbao and said frankly: "He is a primordial elf hatched from an ancient elven egg. ”
“呵！竟然是原始精灵，更稀罕的小家伙。你们可得看好他，我们那个时候就有一些狩猎者，专门狩猎这种古种，认为他们身上有成为神灵的秘密存在。现在这些人依然存在。”撒老祖满脸讥讽。
"Huh! It turned out to be a primordial elf, an even rarer little guy. You have to be optimistic about him, we had some hunters at that time, who specialized in hunting this ancient species, thinking that they had a secret existence in them to become gods. These people still exist. Sa Lao Zu's face was full of sarcasm.
“对了，我刚才说到哪里了？年纪大了，忘性也大了。”
"By the way, where did I just go? When I'm older, I'm too forgetful. ”
王叶看看撒老祖面前所剩不多的食物，只好主动站起来说道：“您想吃什么，如果有材料，我可以给您现做，我想您已经尝过我的手艺。”
Wang Ye looked at the little food left in front of Sa Lao Zu, so he had to take the initiative to stand up and say, "What do you want to eat, if there are materials, I can make them for you, I think you have already tasted my craftsmanship." ”
“这些食物都是你做的？”撒老祖有些惊讶。 "You made all this food?" Sa Lao Zu was a little surprised.
王叶：“当然。我魔厨至少六级！” Wang Ye: "Of course. I'm at least level 6 in the magic kitchen! ”
撒老祖挑眉，挥手就招来几个大布袋：“这些都是食材，你看着做吧。”
Sa Lao Zu raised his eyebrows, waved his hand and beckoned a few large cloth bags: "These are all ingredients, you can watch and do it." ”
王叶打开袋子，下意识甩出鉴定术，随后凝固。 Wang Ye opened the bag, subconsciously threw out the identification technique, and then solidified.
如果他的鉴定术没有出错，这几个袋子里装的都是九级魔兽？
If his identification technique hadn't gone wrong, these bags were all ninth-level demonic beasts?
而且还是超完整的九级魔兽，连魔晶都没有取出来。 Moreover, it is a super complete ninth-level demonic beast, and it has not even taken out the magic crystal.
“做得好，那些不能吃的边角料和魔晶就给你了。”撒老祖懒洋洋道。
"Well done, those inedible leftovers and magic crystals will be given to you." Sa Lao Zu said lazily.
王叶的表情变了，脸上堆满了热情的笑容，唰地拿出一堆魔厨用具：“老祖，您等着，我这就给您做好吃的，保您满意！”
Wang Ye's expression changed, his face was full of enthusiastic smiles, and he took out a bunch of magic kitchen utensils: "Ancestor, you wait, I'll make you something to eat, make sure you're satisfied!" ”
“九级的能处理吗？”撒老祖像是在等着看小孩的笑话。
"Can you handle the ninth-level ones?" Sa's ancestor seemed to be waiting to see the child's joke.
王叶挺起胸膛，“当然可以。”不可以也可以。 Wang Ye puffed up his chest, "Of course you can." "No, you can't.
他不能处理，就让靳蜘蛛帮忙。 He couldn't handle it, so he asked Jin Spider to help.
靳蜘蛛被叫出来，知道自己被分派了分解魔兽尸体的庖丁工作后，无语了半天。
Jin Spider was called out, and after knowing that he had been assigned the work of dismantling the corpse of the demonic beast, he was speechless for a long time.
但九级魔兽的食材，还有这位和唐博古鼎同时代的撒家老祖，为他服务也不算有失身份，说不定对大多数人而言，这还是一件十分荣誉的事情。
But the ingredients of the ninth-level demonic beasts, as well as this ancestor of the Sajia family who was the same era as Tang Bo Guding, serving him is not a loss of identity, maybe for most people, this is still a very honorable thing.
撒老祖看到小孩随随便便就召唤出一只十级的傀儡蜘蛛，不禁对王小叶的来历越发好奇。
Seeing that the child casually summoned a tenth-level puppet spider, Sa Lao Zu couldn't help but become more and more curious about Wang Xiaoye's origin.
这孩子如果真是他们撒家的后代，那倒是真不错。 If this child is really a descendant of their family, it would be really good.
撒老祖也惊讶王叶的成熟，但他确认过几次，对面这孩子的灵魂和身体十分契合，就是原装货。
Sa Lao Zu was also surprised by Wang Ye's maturity, but he confirmed several times that the soul and body of the child on the other side were very compatible, and it was the original goods.
所以……有些天才还是存在的，比如当年的古鼎。 So...... Some geniuses still exist, such as Gu Ding back then.
“咚咚咚！咚咚咚！咚咚咚咚咚！”敲门声已经不止是急切，而是狂暴，简直要把门板捶掉下来一样。
撒老祖稳坐不动，跟没听到一样。 Sa Lao Zu sat still, as if he hadn't heard.
雷木眼珠也没转动，他就好像完全不在意除了王叶以外的事情。
Lei Mu's eyes didn't roll, he didn't seem to care about anything other than Wang Ye at all.
小木木见王叶没有半点惊慌，他也坐得稳稳的。 Xiao Mumu saw that Wang Ye was not panicked at all, and he also sat firmly.
金宝一会儿爬到王叶身上，一会儿又爬到雷木身上，似乎有那么点焦躁。他的肚子又热起来了！
Jin Bao climbed onto Wang Ye for a while, and then on Lei Mu, and seemed to be a little anxious. His stomach is hot again!
“老祖，您还没说，你们后来研究出什么了？”王叶这时也像是完全不受敲门声影响，一边腌制肉片，一边问道。
"Ancestor, you haven't said it yet, what did you research later?" Wang Ye also seemed to be completely unaffected by the knock on the door at this time, and asked while marinating the meat slices.
撒老祖期待着等会儿新鲜的美食，抹抹嘴角道：“我们所有人都得出了共同结论，就是这个世界、我们的双月星的能量结构出了问题。”
Sa Lao Zu looked forward to waiting for the fresh food for a while, wiped the corners of his mouth and said, "All of us have come to the common conclusion that there is something wrong with the energy structure of this world and our Double Moon Star. ”
王叶抬头。 Wang Ye raised his head.
撒老祖进一步解释道：“你知道我们双月星的历史传说吗？就是远古时期，有一天天降火雨，大半个双月星都被灾难覆盖。那时有一些生物进入了双月星，也有一些特殊物质进入了双月星，除此之外，还有完全不属于双月星的能量。”
Sa Lao Zu further explained: "Do you know the history and legend of our Twin Moon Star? In ancient times, one day there was a rain of fire and rain in the sky, and most of the two moons were covered by disasters. At that time, there were some creatures that entered the Twin Moons, and there were also some special substances that entered the Twin Moons, and in addition to that, there were energies that did not belong to the Twin Moons at all. ”
“这股能量，慢慢的、一点一点的，融入到我们双月星原本的能量中，这股能量就是我们现在称之为魔力的能量，是我们能使用魔法的根源。”
"This energy, slowly, little by little, melts into the original energy of our twin moon stars, this energy is what we now call magic, the root of our ability to use magic."
王叶惊讶，这种说法，他可是第一次通说。 Wang Ye was surprised, this was the first time he had said this.
疯药王在虫巢中忽然道：“我也听过这种说法，但相信的人并不多。当年知识之城有人就说过，我们吸收的能量有问题。但大家都不相信，因为魔法就基于这种能量才能构成，如果这个能量出现问题，也就代表超凡者尤其是魔法师建立的一切都将崩溃。这是大家不能接受的。”
The Mad Medicine King suddenly said in the hive: "I have also heard this kind of saying, but not many people believe it. Someone in the City of Knowledge said that there was a problem with the energy we absorbed. But no one believed it, because magic is based on this energy, and if there is a problem with this energy, it means that everything that the transcendents, especially the magicians, have built will collapse. This is unacceptable to everyone. ”
撒老祖道：“但这股能量并不适合我们，或者说这种混合后的新能量不能完全说是魔力，它介乎于魔力和另一种能量之间，唐博称我们双月星原有的能量为灵力，后来为了让大家能理解，又称呼其为原力。你听明白了吗？”
Sa Lao Zu said: "But this energy is not suitable for us, or this new energy after mixing cannot be completely said to be magic, it is between magic and another energy, Tang Bo called the original energy of our Twin Moon Star spiritual power, and later called it the Force in order for everyone to understand." Do you understand? ”
王叶略想了想，点头：“您是说我们现在双月星的能量既不是原本的灵力，也不是魔族使用的魔力，而是一种混合的新型能量。但我们学习的是来源于魔族的魔法，虽然这种混合能量，我们也能吸收并使用，但会留下隐患，对吗？”
Wang Ye thought for a moment and nodded: "Are you saying that the energy of our current Double Moon Star is neither the original spiritual power nor the magic power used by the demons, but a new type of energy that is mixed. But what we learn is magic from the demons, and although we can absorb and use this mixed energy, it will leave hidden dangers, right? ”
“聪明！”撒老祖毫不掩饰对王小叶的欣赏：“我儿子和孙子们要是能有你这份领悟力就好了。”
"Clever!" Sa Laozu made no secret of his appreciation for Wang Xiaoye: "If only my sons and grandsons could have your comprehension." ”
王叶并没有因为撒老祖两句夸奖就昏了头，他还在思考：“如果一千七八百年前，你们就发现了这个问题，那么你们做的第一件事一定是想办法修改魔法，好让魔法更适应这种新混合能量。”
Wang Ye didn't get dazed by Sa's two words of praise from Lao Zu, he was still thinking: "If you discovered this problem 1,7800 years ago, then the first thing you did must be to find a way to modify the magic so that the magic can be more adapted to this new hybrid energy. ”
“你又说对了！所以我们双月星现在的魔法，包括使用的魔法符纹等，会分新古两种。比如这小鬼身上的符纹就是一种古魔法符纹，也被称为魔族文字，而不是魔法文。”撒老祖指了指小木木身上浮现的刺青图纹。
"You're right again! Therefore, the current magic of the Twin Moon Stars, including the magic runes used, will be divided into two types: New and Ancient. For example, the rune on this little ghost is an ancient magic rune, also known as the demon script, not the magic script. Sa Lao Zu pointed to the tattoo patterns that appeared on Xiao Mumu's body.
“但你们后来肯定也发现修改魔法没有用，你们依旧无法突破到十一级。”王叶又道。
"But you must have also found out later that modifying the magic was useless, and you still couldn't break through to level eleven." Wang Ye said again.
撒老祖叹息：“是的，我们耗费了将近百年的时间来修改魔法和尝试突破，可是没有用。最后，唐博甚至说出，魔法不适合我们，魔法很可能就是魔族对我们的诱惑，他们之所以会愿意把魔法传到这个世界，就是因为他们笃定我们不可能超越他们，而我们的精神力在经过魔法的锤炼后，会更加强大，在魔族眼中则是更加美味和耐吃。”
Sa Lao Zu sighed, "Yes, we have spent nearly a hundred years modifying magic and trying to break through, but it is useless. In the end, Tang Bo even said that magic is not suitable for us, magic is likely to be the temptation of the demons to us, and the reason why they are willing to pass magic to this world is because they are sure that we cannot surpass them, and our spiritual power will be more powerful after being tempered by magic, and it will be more delicious and durable in the eyes of the demons. ”
王叶眯了眯眼睛。 Wang Ye narrowed his eyes.
雷木眼珠微微转动，他似乎第一次正眼看向这位撒家老祖。
Lei Mu's eyes rolled slightly, and he seemed to be looking at this Sajia ancestor for the first time.
“哐哐哐！”敲门声变成了砸门声。 "Bang bang!" The knock turned into a slamming sound.
撒老祖喝了口龙心阴草泡的水，老神在在地道：“唐博还说，我们自古就有神眷者，包括最古老的树人族、海族、地底人族等，他们都是天生的异术者，他们并不使用魔法，包括后来出现的龙族和精灵族也是这样。这就表示我们原本是可以觉醒异能的体质，也就是我们的世界应该发展的是我们本身的能力，而不是魔法。”
Sa Lao Zu took a sip of the water soaked in the dragon heart yin grass, and the old god said in the tunnel: "Tang Bo also said that we have had gods since ancient times, including the oldest tree people, sea tribes, underground human races, etc., they are all born magicians, they do not use magic, including the dragon clan and the elven clan that appeared later. This means that we are originally a constitution that can awaken abilities, which means that our world should develop our own abilities, not magic. ”
“但魔法在迅速普及开后就深入人心，尤其是学习魔法的超凡者，没有谁能放弃魔法。而不管是魔法阵、卷轴、药剂、炼金还是其他，全都是以魔法为基础。想要让双月星人放弃魔法太难了。不久，唐博又说不一定要放弃魔法，只是我们要找对修炼的路子。他还是倾向于修改修炼方法。之后他和古鼎等人就离开了双月星，没有人知道他们去了哪里。他们走了后就再也没有回来，我们这些老鬼，真的等了太长太长时间……”
"But magic became so popular that it was quickly popularized, especially by the transcendents who learned it, and no one could give up magic. Whether it's magic circles, scrolls, potions, alchemy, or whatever, it's all based on magic. It's too hard to get the Twin Moons to give up magic. Soon, Tang Bo said that we don't have to give up magic, but we have to find the right way to cultivate. He still tended to revise his cultivation methods. After that, he and Gu Ding and the others left Shuangyue Star, and no one knew where they went. They left and never came back, we old ghosts, we really waited too long......"
王叶举手：“那异术者为什么也不能突破十一级，因为吸收了魔力？”
Wang Ye raised his hand: "Why can't the magician break through the eleventh level because he has absorbed magic power?" ”
撒老祖：“对。” Sa Lao Zu: "Yes. ”
王叶：“那如果我们进行能量转换呢？” Wang Ye: "Then what if we do energy conversion?" ”
撒老祖呵呵一笑：“你说的方法，我们都想过。没有用，除非我们能一直不吸收魔法，否则每次吸收都是在给自己的突破加难度，就算及时转换也一样。这就跟你不断服毒又解毒，你觉得你的身体能承受得了吗？”
Sa Lao Zu smiled: "We have all thought about the method you said. It's useless, unless we can never absorb magic, otherwise every time we absorb it, we are making it more difficult for our breakthrough, even if we convert it in time. It's the same as you keep taking poison and detoxifying, do you think your body can handle it? ”
王叶总觉得老头的说法有哪里不对劲，但他一时也想不出反驳的话。
Wang Ye always felt that there was something wrong with the old man's statement, but he couldn't think of a rebuttal for a while.
“您刚才说会把当年的事情，还有第一代银月国国王和魔族契约的事情，都告诉我们，现在您能说了吗？”王叶转换了话题，他还有不少疑问。
"You just said that you would tell us everything about the past, as well as the contract between the first king of the Silver Moon Kingdom and the demons, can you talk about it now?" Wang Ye changed the topic, and he still had a lot of questions.
“当……” "When ......"
“哐当！”一扇原本不存在的门扉被砸开了。 "Bang dang!" A door that didn't exist was smashed open.
第304章 祖奶奶象夫人 Chapter 304: Grandmother Elephant
人没进，一股阴风先刮入室内。 No one entered, and a cloudy wind blew into the room first.
木屋内所有东西被吹得叮叮当当一通乱响。 Everything in the cabin was blown and clanged.
王叶以为撒老祖会发怒，结果撒老祖却跟不知道自己家屋门被砸开一样，依然坐在那里，只不过吃东西的速度快了好多。
Wang Ye thought that Sa Lao Zu would be angry, but Sa Lao Zu still sat there as if he didn't know that the door of his house had been smashed open, but he ate much faster.
王叶已经拿出不少食物孝敬这位老祖，可这位老祖吃的速度更快，你都无法想象他那么一张人嘴是怎么张到那么大，而且咀嚼速度更是超快。
Wang Ye had already taken out a lot of food to honor this ancestor, but this ancestor ate faster, you can't imagine how his mouth opened so big, and the chewing speed was super fast.
“撒大胆！”一声厉喝。 "Be bold!" A loud shout.
王叶已经知道撒老祖的名字，可再次听到，他还是忍不住想笑。
Wang Ye already knew the name of Sa Lao Zu, but when he heard it again, he still couldn't help but want to laugh.
撒老祖吃掉最后一份食物，抹抹嘴唇，整理了一下衣衫，这才淡然转头……可王叶却从他的动作中看出了一点怂。
Sa Lao Zu ate the last piece of food, wiped his lips, and straightened his clothes, and then turned his head indifferently...... But Wang Ye saw a little cowardice in his actions.
能直呼撒老祖大名，还敢砸开他的大门，并且让老祖有点怂的女亡灵会是谁？
Who will be the female undead who can call the ancestor by his name, dare to smash his door, and make the ancestor a little cowardly?
是的，那声厉喝明显就是女子的嗓音。 Yes, that shout was clearly a woman's voice.
“汪！”一只黑色大狗的影子蹿了进来，围着撒老祖转了两圈，两脚迅速搭到木桌上，伸头往桌上不停嗅闻，那尾巴还摇摆个不停。
"Wang!" The shadow of a big black dog jumped in, circled around Sa Lao Zu twice, quickly put his feet on the wooden table, stretched out his head to the table and kept sniffing, and the tail was still wagging non-stop.
金宝和小木木一起好奇地盯着那只大黑狗。 Jinbao and Xiao Mumu stared curiously at the big black dog.
“咳，夫人，既然来了，就进来嘛，站在外面干什么？”撒老祖终于开口。
"Ahem, ma'am, since you're here, why don't you come in, what are you doing standing outside?" Sa's ancestor finally spoke.
外面传来讽刺声：“你不请我，我怎么敢进来。谁知道你是不是在里面搞七搞八，我怕让我看到瞎眼睛的现场！”
A sarcastic voice came from outside: "If you don't invite me, how dare I come in." Who knows if you're messing around in there, I'm afraid I'll see the blind scene! ”
王叶：嚯！ Wang Ye: Wow!
撒老祖干咳，忙道：“夫人你别乱说，我这里都是小孩子，是咱们撒家最小的一代，今天他们特地带了拜见礼来见我们，我就抽了一点时间见了见他们。”
Sa Lao Zu coughed dryly, and said busily: "Madam, don't talk nonsense, I am all children here, and I am the youngest generation of our Sa family, and today they specially brought a visit to Lily to see us, so I took a little time to meet them." ”
“是吗？”冷冷的嘲笑声后，一名容貌……普通到有点丑陋的女子走入木屋。
"Really?" After a cold laugh, a ...... The woman who was so ordinary that she was a little ugly walked into the wooden house.
这名女亡灵刚进来时还是虚影，但等她看清木屋里的客人都是什么样后，她的虚体转眼就变成了实体，脸上表情也好了许多。
The female undead was still a phantom when she first entered, but when she saw what the guests in the wooden house were like, her virtual body turned into a physical entity in an instant, and the expression on her face was much better.
王叶凭良心说，这位老祖夫人的眼睛很漂亮、很水灵，但她的鼻子和嘴巴真的太大了，而且她还有龅牙。另外，老祖夫人也许不喜欢打扮，或者不善于打扮，她的穿着就像是猎人的女儿，特别精神，但也粗犷，她的脚也特别大。
Wang Ye said in good conscience that this Old Lady Ancestor's eyes were very beautiful and watery, but her nose and mouth were really too big, and she also had buckteeth. In addition, Madame Zu may not like to dress up, or she is not good at dressing up, she dresses like a hunter's daughter, she is very spirited, but also rough, and her feet are very large.
撒老祖侧身，伸手给几小介绍：“来，见见你们的另一位老祖宗，这是我夫人，出身象族部落，你们叫她象老祖就好。”
Sa Lao Zu turned sideways and stretched out his hand to give a few introductions: "Come, meet your other ancestor, this is my wife, born in the elephant tribe, you can call her Xiang ancestor." ”
“狗屁！”这位夫人丝毫不给丈夫面子，但她转看向王叶几个的眼神却很柔和：“不用叫我什么老祖，叫我祖奶奶就好。”
"Bullshit!" This lady didn't give her husband face at all, but her eyes were very soft when she turned to look at Wang Yeji: "You don't need to call me any ancestor, just call me grandma." ”
王叶连忙拉着小木木和大木木一起站起，嗓音甜了八度地喊：“祖奶奶好。”
Wang Ye hurriedly pulled Xiao Mumu and Da Mumu to stand up together, and shouted in a sweet voice: "Grandma is good." ”
象夫人下意识摸摸自己的腰带，没摸到东西，转头就瞪丈夫。
Mrs. Xiang subconsciously touched her belt, but when she didn't touch anything, she turned her head and glared at her husband.
撒老祖非常懂地招手唤来几个袋子。 Sa Lao Zu beckoned a few bags very understandingly.
象夫人接过袋子打开看了看，撇撇嘴，似乎很瞧不上，随手就把袋子又砸回撒老祖身上。
Mrs. Xiang took the bag and opened it to look at it, pouted, as if she didn't look down on it, and casually smashed the bag back on Sa Laozu.
王叶：别啊！您看不中，不代表我们也看不中啊~ Wang Ye: Don't! If you don't like it, it doesn't mean that we can't like it~
象夫人环视木屋，从一个架子上拿了一支干花，对小木木招手。
Madame Elephant looked around the hut, took a dried flower from a shelf, and beckoned to the little wood.
王叶立刻推了推小木木，让他过去。 Wang Ye immediately pushed Xiao Mumu and let him pass.
小木木乖乖走了过去。 Xiao Mumu walked over obediently.
象夫人示意小木木伸手。 Madame Elephant motioned for Xiao Mumu to stretch out his hand.
小木木伸出手， Xiao Mumu stretched out his hand,
象夫人把那支干花放到小木木手里，但刚落下，那支干花就消失了。
Mrs. Xiang put the dried flower in Xiao Mumu's hand, but as soon as it fell, the dried flower disappeared.
小木木愣了愣，就在刹那间，他脑中好像闪过了某些场景。
Xiao Mumu was stunned, and in an instant, some scene seemed to flash through his mind.
而雷木那边茫然的眼神多出了一丝清明。 And Lei Mu's blank eyes showed a hint of clarity.
小木木回来，他看看王叶，又看看雷木，竟然伸手握住了雷木的手。
When Xiao Mumu came back, he looked at Wang Ye and then at Lei Mu, and actually reached out to hold Lei Mu's hand.
雷木也握住了他。 Remu also held him.
王叶看到一大一小两只手交握在一起，似乎有了重叠和融合的迹象。他不知道这是好是坏，但看两个木木都没有排斥，他想应该是好的吧。
Wang Ye saw that the two hands, one large and one small, were clasped together, and there seemed to be signs of overlapping and fusion. He didn't know if it was good or bad, but seeing that the two Mumu didn't reject it, he thought it should be good.
可惜他没有给那干花施展鉴定术，不知道那到底是什么宝贝。
It's a pity that he didn't perform the identification technique on the dried flower, and he doesn't know what kind of treasure it is.
“如果我没看错，那支干花应该是祖灵之花。”疯药王在虫巢中喃喃道：“雷木的运气真不错。这种花没有实体，也有人称其为幽灵花，但幽灵花虽然宝贵，却远不如祖灵之花。只有生长千年以上的幽灵花，并且要能受到祖灵庇佑之力浇灌的幽灵花，才能转变成祖灵之花。”
"If I'm not mistaken, that dried flower should be the flower of the ancestral spirit." The Mad Medicine King muttered in the hive, "Lei Mu's luck is really good. This flower has no substance, and some people call it a ghost flower, but although the ghost flower is precious, it is far inferior to the ancestral spirit flower. Only ghost flowers that have grown for more than 1,000 years and can be watered by the power of the ancestral spirit's protection can be transformed into ancestral spirit flowers. ”
王叶忍不住精神传音问：“这种祖灵之花有什么效用？”
Wang Ye couldn't help but ask with a spiritual voice, "What is the effect of this ancestral spirit flower?" ”
“效用？你不是看到了吗？它可以让迷失的灵魂归回原位，还能修复魂体也就是精神核创伤，更能让使用者得到祖灵之力的庇佑。配合他们刚才喝的龙心阴草水，雷木想要融合自己的分魂，将会容易很多，融合后还不会留下后遗症。但这种祖灵之花也有一个缺点，那就是只能给同血脉的人使用。”
"Utility? Didn't you see that? It can bring the lost soul back to its original place, it can also repair the soul body, which is the spiritual core wound, and it can also allow the user to be blessed by the power of the ancestral spirit. With the Dragon Heart Yin Grass Water they drank just now, it would be much easier for Lei Mu to fuse his split soul, and there would be no sequelae after fusion. But this Ancestral Spirit Flower also has a drawback, that is, it can only be used by people of the same bloodline. ”
疯药王赞叹：“这位象夫人眼力真好，也比那位撒老祖大方得多。”
The Mad Medicine King exclaimed: "This Elephant Lady has really good eyesight, and she is much more generous than that Sa Ancestor. ”
王叶偷看撒老祖，就见他面无表情。好吧，可以确定了，这位老祖对自家夫人的大方显然很心疼。嘿！
Wang Ye peeked at Sa Lao Zu and saw that he was expressionless. Well, it can be determined that this ancestor is obviously very distressed by his wife's generosity. Hey!
而象夫人的大方并没有到此结束，她貌似要给每个孩子见面礼。
And Mrs. Xiang's generosity did not end here, she seemed to give each child a greeting gift.
她非常熟悉地打开木屋柜门，摸出一根一米多长的象牙，抛给雷木。
She opened the door of the wooden house cabinet very familiarly, felt for a tusk more than a meter long, and threw it to Lei Mu.
雷木接住象牙，竟然开口了：“谢谢。” Lei Mu caught the ivory and said, "Thank you." ”
象夫人对他点点头：“你虽然血脉杂乱，但我能感知出来你身上有我的血脉，而不是那些小娘养的撒家后代，只是我的家族血脉在你身上非常淡薄，更被压制了。这根山象象牙虽然不能唤醒我的血脉，但你吸收后，力气会增加很多。再加上你本身的其他血脉特质，你以后也许会变得力大无穷。”
王叶为雷木高兴，这位象夫人显然要比撒尔曼大帝和兰道师父更牛掰，没见撒老祖在她面前都老老实实的？雷木身上有这位的血脉，象夫人能不向着雷木？
撒老祖听了这话都惊讶地抬起头，看雷木的眼神也有温度多了。他能感知出雷木身上有他的血脉，但很少，所以他才没把雷木当回事，但没想到这个血脉特别杂的孩子竟然还遗传了他夫人的血脉。
Sa Lao Zu raised his head in surprise when he heard this, and his eyes were much warmer when he saw Lei Mu. He could sense that Lei Mu had his blood, but very little, so he didn't take Lei Mu seriously, but he didn't expect that this child with a particularly mixed blood line would also inherit his wife's blood.
这就十分难得了。 That's pretty rare.
因为他和他夫人就一个孩子，他的其他子女都是……妾室和情人生的。
For he and his wife have one child, and his other children are ...... Concubinage and lovers born.
撒家的家主之位到后来的国王之位，在他的后代血脉中有过数次替换，并不是一直都是他和他夫人的孩子那一脉。
From the head of the family to the later king, there were several changes in the bloodline of his descendants, and it was not always in the vein of his and his wife's children.
没想到成就帝王伟业的那个孩子竟然就是他和他夫人的后代，不错！
I didn't expect that the child who achieved the great cause of the emperor turned out to be the descendant of him and his wife, not bad!
早知，上次那孩子过来，他就出来见见他了。 I knew that the last time the boy came, he would have come out to meet him.
象夫人甚至慈爱地摸了摸雷木的头，还问他：“你什么名字？”
Madame Elephant even lovingly touched Lei Mu's head and asked him, "What's your name?" ”
“雷木。”雷木没有躲闪，他眼神还是茫然居多。 "Thunderwood." Lei Mu didn't dodge, his eyes were still blank.
王叶则特别坏心眼地给某一家人上眼药道：“祖奶奶，木木也叫撒坦。原本是大帝撒尔曼的亲孙子，但撒菲力和撒埃德一家为了帝位继承权就把他偷走了，还对外说他是女奴的孩子、是私生子，更因为他身怀魔种，从他出生开始就日夜虐待他，让某些魔法师任意对他做残忍的人体实验，更不承认他是撒家血脉，最后还把他扔到地宫中。您们也知道地宫是什么样的，那时木木才七岁！”
Wang Ye was particularly wicked and gave eye medicine to a certain family and said: "Grandma, Mu Mu is also called Satan." was originally the grandson of the Great Sahrman, but Saphili and Saeed's family stole him for the succession to the throne, and said that he was the child of a slave girl and an illegitimate child, and because he was pregnant with a demon seed, he had abused him day and night since he was born, and let some magicians arbitrarily do cruel human experiments on him, not to mention that he was of Sajia blood, and finally threw him into the underground palace. You also know what the dungeon is like, when Mu Mu was only seven years old! ”
象夫人眼神变了，怒火明显暴升，又怒瞪丈夫。 Mrs. Xiang's eyes changed, her anger increased significantly, and she glared at her husband angrily.
撒老祖摸鼻子，又不是他害得这孩子，都怪撒洛特那个贪心的蠢猪！还有撒菲力一家！对，都怪他们。
Salaozu touched his nose, and it wasn't he who hurt this kid, he blamed the greedy stupid pig of Salot! And the Saphili! Yes, it's all their fault.
正在阴谋算计、悄悄给外面传递消息的撒菲力忽然打了个大大的寒颤，他警惕又恐慌地扫视四周。难道有人发现他在谋算什么了？不，不会的，他做得这么隐秘。
Saphiri, who was plotting and quietly delivering news to the outside, suddenly shuddered, and he scanned his surroundings vigilantly and panickedly. Did someone find out what he was scheming about? No, it won't, he's so secretive.
木屋内，象夫人心疼地又摸摸雷木的头发，她看着雷木额头的两个发出幽蓝光芒的小角，叹息，自言自语一般地道：“也许你需要和古鼎一样，去一趟魔界才能彻底解决你的问题。可在这之前，你还得先解决守墓人这个身份。”
In the wooden house, Mrs. Xiang touched Lei Mu's hair in distress, she looked at the two small horns on Lei Mu's forehead that glowed blue, sighed, and said to herself: "Maybe you need to go to the Demon Realm like Gu Ding to completely solve your problem." But before you can do that, you have to deal with the identity of the grave keeper. ”
雷木眼珠缓缓动了动。 Lei Mu's eyes moved slowly.
王叶立刻问道：“祖奶奶，您知道怎么去魔界吗？” Wang Ye immediately asked, "Grandma, do you know how to go to the Demon Realm?" ”
象夫人摇头，“唐博和古鼎虽然去过魔界，但他们对那里讳莫如深，从来没有提及他们是怎么去的，又是怎么回来的。我们只知道古鼎解决了被魔种寄生的问题。但我们甚至不知道他是彻底转变成了魔族，还是保留了他的人类血脉。”
Madame Elephant shook her head, "Although Tang Bo and Gu Ding have been to the Demon Realm, they are very secretive about it, and they have never mentioned how they got there or how they came back. We only know that Gu Ding solved the problem of being parasitized by the demon seed. But we don't even know if he's completely transformed into a demon or if he's retained his human bloodline. ”
王叶也同样遗憾。幸好旋风带风眼里还有一个通往魔界的空间通道，只不过那里情况莫名，他原本想着如果有更安全的通道，他就带雷木走那条道去魔界闯一闯。
Wang Ye also regretted it. Fortunately, there was also a spatial passage to the Demon Realm in the eye of the whirlwind, but the situation there was inexplicable, and he originally thought that if there was a safer passage, he would take Lei Mu to go to the Demon Realm by that path.
“祖奶奶，那您知道如何让已经成为守墓人的木木离开地宫吗？我是说让他完整地离开。”王叶趁机问道。
"Grandma, do you know how to get Mu Mu, who has become a tomb keeper, out of the underground palace? I mean let him go in its entirety. Wang Ye took the opportunity to ask.
他原本的方法是强行突破出去，带着两个木木一起。但现在听这位祖奶奶的意思，似乎没那么简单。
His original method was to force a breakthrough and take the two Mumu with him. But now listening to this grandmother's meaning, it seems that it is not so simple.
象夫人又怜惜地看看和雷木握着手的小木木，对王叶道：“你们得去祭坛一趟，雷木的问题涉及到灵魂契约，这不是我们能干涉的，解铃还需系铃人，等你们到了那里，自然会明白要怎么做。但在这之前，一定要让雷木和自己的分魂融合，切记！”
Mrs. Xiang looked at Xiao Mumu who was holding hands with Lei Mu with pity, and said to Wang Ye: "You have to go to the altar, Lei Mu's problem involves the soul contract, this is not something we can interfere with, and the bell needs to be tied to the bell, and when you get there, you will naturally understand what to do." But before that, be sure to let Lei Mu fuse with his own split soul, remember! ”
象夫人拉过雷木的手，在他手背上画了一个抽象的大象脑袋。
Madame Elephant took Remu's hand and drew an abstract elephant head on the back of his hand.
大象脑袋图案微微一闪，没入雷木手背。 The elephant's head pattern flashed slightly, and it sank into the back of Lei Mu's hand.
“因为某些原因，祖奶奶帮不了你们太多，但有了这个，之后你们就可以从灵寂之地直接穿到祭坛，而不用再经受重重关卡。”象夫人拍拍雷木的手背。
"For some reason, Grandma can't help you much, but with this, you can go straight from the Silent Land to the altar without having to go through a lot of hurdles." Madame Elephant patted the back of Remu's hand.
觉得自己被忽视的金宝冲着象夫人叫：“呜呜叽~”祖奶奶好~
Jinbao, who felt that he was neglected, shouted at Mrs. Elephant: "Woo woo~" Grandma is good~
象夫人一看雷木肩膀上蹲着的金宝，乐了。伸手就从柜子里摸出一袋子宝石，放到雷木手上，说道：“这些都给这个小东西，对他有好处，也能让他快点觉醒血脉传承。”
Mrs. Xiang was happy when she saw Jinbao squatting on Lei Mu's shoulder. Reaching out and taking out a bag of gems from the cabinet, he put it in Lei Mu's hand, and said, "These are all for this little thing, it is good for him, and it can also allow him to awaken the bloodline inheritance quickly." ”
金宝跳到雷木手掌上，好奇地打开布袋探头看。 Jinbao jumped onto the palm of Lei Mu's hand and curiously opened the cloth bag to look at it.
这一看，金宝高兴地叽叽叫起来。他再也不缺好吃的宝石啦~
Seeing this, Jinbao chirped happily. He no longer lacks delicious gems~
撒老祖嘴角抽搐，忍不住说道：“我刚才已经送给他一袋了，这可是龙血石，我也就那么多。”
The corners of Old Ancestor's mouth twitched, and he couldn't help but say, "I already gave him a bag just now, this is a dragon's blood stone, and I have that much." ”
“怎么，老娘送孩子一点东西都不行？你要是舍不得出东西，老娘自己给！”象夫人插腰，表情特别凶悍。
"Why, the old lady can't give the child anything? If you are reluctant to give something, the old lady will give it herself! Madame Elephant bowed her waist with a particularly fierce expression.
“别别别！夫人别生气嘛，我的还不就是你的。我就是说说，这不是怕这小崽子没数，贪吃吃撑了吗？”撒老祖忙怂怂地赔笑。
"Don't, don't! Don't be angry, ma'am, mine isn't yours. I'm just saying, isn't this afraid that this little cub won't count, and he will be greedy and hungry? Sa's ancestor hurriedly smiled.
象夫人冷哼：“没见这孩子让雷木收起来了。你当他跟你的某些后代一样贪心又愚蠢吗？”
Mrs. Xiang snorted coldly: "I didn't see this kid let Lei Mu put it away." Do you think he is as greedy and stupid as some of your descendants? ”
撒老祖还能说什么，只能心头滴血，看着自家夫人拿着他的宝贝随便送人。好在，送的都是他的后代，也算是肉烂在了自家锅里……呜呜，他还是好心疼啊，他存这么点私房货容易吗？
What else can Sa Lao Zu say, he can only drip blood in his heart, watching his wife take his treasure and give it away casually. Fortunately, the ones who sent them were all his descendants, and the meat was rotten in his own pot...... Woo, he's still so distressed, is it easy for him to save such a little private goods?
王叶在心里呱唧呱唧给象夫人拍掌。他太爱这位象夫人了，他决定他一定要多送一些好吃的给这位祖奶奶。这可是超级大靠山！
Wang Ye chirped in his heart and clapped his hands to Mrs. Xiang. He loved the elephant so much that he decided that he must send more delicious food to the grandmother. That's a big backer!
等等！这只大黑狗是什么时候摸过来的？ Wait a minute! When did this big black dog get touched?
这个该死的黑狗竟然把他快要做好的魔兽烤肉都给吃了！
This damn black dog actually ate all the monster barbecue he was about to make!
“大黑！”撒老祖也发现了，悲痛大叫。 "Big Black!" Sa's ancestor also found out and cried out in grief.
可这只黑狗是他老婆养的，实力还不低，他压根就拿这畜生没办法。
But this black dog was raised by his wife, and his strength is not low, so he can't do anything about this beast at all.
大黑摇摇尾巴，特别谄媚地蹭了蹭王叶的腿。 Da Hei wagged his tail and rubbed Wang Ye's leg particularly flatteringly.
王叶差点被它蹭一个跟头。 Wang Ye was almost rubbed by it.
靠！他可是八级中阶，这狗到底什么实力，竟然只是蹭他一下，就差点把他撞翻？
“就算你强，你也不能招呼也不打一个，就把我的劳动成果都吃了！”王叶怒插腰。
大黑摇尾巴，黑幽幽的狗狗眼竟然对王叶眨了眨，像是在抛媚眼一般。
Da Hei wagged his tail, and the black and faint dog eyes actually winked at Wang Ye, as if he was flattering.
王叶：卧槽，这狗成精了！
象夫人笑道：“大黑吃了你什么东西？祖奶奶补给你。不过你弄的东西竟然能让大黑愿意吃下去，也很了不起了。”
王叶这才意识到这位祖奶奶还不知道他做的食物亡灵也能吃。忙道：“祖奶奶，不用您补。我做这些，本来就是要孝敬您们的。本来我都做好一份了，都被这坏狗吃了！”
王叶跟小孩一样指着大黑狗告状。
大黑狗用尾巴扫王叶的腿，还伸头去舔王叶的脸。
王叶用力推开狗脑袋，他才不要被舔的满脸狗口水！
象夫人哈哈笑，这小崽子看着坏坏的，但很对她胃口。
王叶推开大黑，接过靳蜘蛛传给他的切好的肉片，倒进锅里翻炒，还特意询问象夫人：“祖奶奶，您喜欢吃什么口味，我给您做，包您吃得好吃。”
象夫人一开始还没注意王叶做的食物有什么特殊，她确实闻到了一些食物的香味，但她还以为这是她看到食物，脑中自然产生的味觉联想。
所以王叶说要做吃的给她，她也只是笑笑，很慈和地说道：“好啊，祖奶奶等着。”
这个孩子虽然不是她和大胆的血脉，也不是其他小娘养的撒家血脉，但这孩子显然和雷木有紧密联系，她虽然不能明确感知，但她猜测应该是某种共生关系。最主要的是这小孩年龄不大，就愿意为雷木来闯危险的地宫，爱屋及乌，她自然也愿意对这个小孩好。
大黑看王叶又开始做吃的，尾巴摇得跟风火轮一样。它也在等着~
象夫人看大黑那模样，心里惊讶。左右看看，手一伸就把撒老祖烧水的铁壶摸过来，塞给王叶。
王叶：嗯？
靳蜘蛛迅速传音：“好东西，赶紧收起来！”
王叶立刻喜笑颜开地冲着象夫人合起两只小爪子，作揖一样拱了拱，口中还说：“谢祖奶奶赏~”
“哈哈哈！”象夫人被逗乐，大笑。
撒老祖嘀咕：“精明的小兔崽子！”
象夫人斜睨丈夫：那孩子谢我，你有意见？
撒老祖立刻捂脸，表示自己没有任何意见，夫人做的一切都是对的！天知道他夫人变成亡灵为什么力气都比他大那么多，他打架从来就没有打过他夫人，只会被他夫人按着揍。
王叶看看撒老祖，又看看象夫人，嘿嘿笑。这两位老祖感情应该很好吧，至少这位撒老祖怕老婆怕得心甘情愿，典型的一个愿打、一个愿挨。
靳蜘蛛一直在盯着那只铁壶看，看王叶收起来，撒老祖也没什么反应，暗中吁了口气。
如果他没看错，那铁壶的原材料可是陨铁，就是远古那批从天空降下的外界物质之一。
这玩意并不是铁，它是一种未知金属，双月星人为了便于称呼，才称其为陨铁。
This thing isn't iron, it's an unknown metal, and the Twin Moons call it meteoric iron for ease of being called.
这东西不但难得，还极难炼制，所以这个铁壶虽然丑和不起眼，但真的很宝贵。而且这应该是一只乾坤壶，内里可以储存多种液体，可以随使用者的意思倒出其中任意一种液体。
This thing is not only rare, but also extremely difficult to refine, so although this iron kettle is ugly and inconspicuous, it is really precious. And this should be a Qiankun pot, which can store a variety of liquids, and can pour out any one of them according to the user's wishes.
另外从铁壶能放在火上烧这点来看，恐怕里面还有其他玄机。
In addition, judging from the fact that the iron kettle can be burned on the fire, I am afraid that there are other mysteries in it.
王叶则不止高兴得到这个铁壶，他更高兴的是这铁壶里装的液体。
Wang Ye was not only happy to get this iron kettle, he was even happier with the liquid in this iron kettle.
只他知道的就有两种，极阴之地的寒泉水和极阳之地的阳泉水。
Only he knew that there were two kinds, the cold spring water in the land of extreme yin and the yang spring water in the land of extreme yang.
他收起铁壶时看了一下，里面可不止这两种液体，而是六种。
When he put the kettle away, he looked at it, and there were not just these two liquids, but six.
而且这铁壶显然炼制成了空间魔器，也就是说这铁壶内部可比外表看着大多了。
Moreover, this iron kettle is obviously refined into a space magic weapon, which means that the inside of this iron kettle is much more than it looks on the outside.
王叶只觉得这趟地宫之行，前段让他们眼睛疼，但中段幸福得让他都觉得后面是不是有什么大危机要等着他们。
Wang Ye only felt that this trip to the underground palace made their eyes hurt in the early stage, but the middle stage was so happy that he felt that there was some big crisis waiting for them in the back.
不过虽然后段还妾身不明，但王叶已经有足够信心应对。
However, although the concubine is still unknown in the later stage, Wang Ye has enough confidence to deal with it.
王叶还撸了撸金宝，金宝今天也算立功了。如果不是这小东西贪吃，也不会引来撒老祖。而他也不可能知道他烹制的食物能让亡灵们吃出味道，并如此受亡灵们的欢迎。
Wang Ye also stroked Jinbao, Jinbao is also considered meritorious today. If it weren't for the greed of this little thing, it wouldn't have attracted the ancestors. And he couldn't have known that the food he cooked would make the undead taste and be so popular with the undead.
金宝呼地喷出一口热气。他的肚子越来越热了。 Jinbao let out a breath of heat. His stomach was getting hotter.
金宝干脆翻出小肚皮，让小叶子爸爸给他揉揉。 Jinbao simply turned out his little belly and asked Xiao Yezi's father to rub it for him.
王叶随便揉了两下，就把他塞给雷木，他还要烹制美食贿赂亡灵老祖们呢。
Wang Ye rubbed it casually twice, and then stuffed him to Lei Mu, and he also had to cook delicious food to bribe the undead ancestors.
雷木接过金宝，给他揉了两下。 Lei Mu took the golden treasure and rubbed it twice for him.
金宝不满意地叽叽叫，他不喜欢现在雷木爸爸输送进他肚肚里的能量，他要换一种。
Jinbao chirped dissatisfied, he didn't like the energy that Daddy Remu was sending into his stomach now, he wanted to change it.
雷木听懂了，脑袋上冒出的小角竟然转变颜色，从发出幽光的幽蓝小角变成了绿莹莹的翡翠角，角上还冒出了两棵小芽芽。
Lei Mu understood, and the small horn that appeared on his head changed color, from a small blue horn that emitted a ghostly light to a green jade horn, and two small buds appeared on the horn.
握着他手的小木木的手和他融合得更多。 Xiao Mumu's hand, which was holding his hand, blended more with him.
小木木看到，竟然很高兴地往雷木又贴近两分，把自己的身体紧紧挨着雷木。他似乎本能地知道，这个人和他是本源，他们本该就是一体。
When Xiao Mumu saw it, he happily approached Lei Mu for two more points, and put his body close to Lei Mu. He seemed to instinctively know that this person and he were the Source, and that they were supposed to be one.
于是大小木木的边缘都开始重叠。 As a result, the edges of both large and small woods began to overlap.
金宝总算舒服了，还发出了哼哼唧唧声。 Jinbao finally felt comfortable, and let out a snorting sound.
小木木似乎放开了一些，竟然也伸出小手指去摸金宝的小肚肚。
Xiao Mumu seemed to let go a little, and even stretched out his little finger to touch Jinbao's little belly.
金宝眯着眼睛，四肢摊开，小肚叽挺起，享受得一塌糊涂。
Jinbao squinted, spread his limbs, and his little belly was erect, enjoying it in a mess.
撒老祖和象夫人自然看到了雷木这一刻的变化，他们瞪视着雷木那两个小角和角上的两棵小芽芽，表情说不出的震惊。
Sa Lao Zu and Mrs. Xiang naturally saw the change in Lei Mu at this moment, and they stared at Lei Mu's two small horns and the two small buds on the horns, their expressions were indescribably shocked.
“木系精灵的气息？还有纯血的象征？”象夫人满是不可思议地道：“这怎么可能？！”
"The breath of a wood elf? And the symbol of pureblood? Madame Elephant said incredulously, "How is this possible?!" ”
夫妇俩互看，神色都很凝重。因为雷木的变化，让他们想起了一个很古早的预言。
The couple looked at each other with solemn expressions. Because of the change in Lei Mu, they were reminded of a very ancient prophecy.
一个十分不利于他们家族和整个银月帝国的预言！ A prophecy that is very unfavorable to their family and the entire Silvermoon Empire!
第305章 预言 Chapter 305: Prophecy
那还是他们没死之前，他们无意中救了一名神眷者，那名神眷者的能力就是预言。
That was before they died, and they inadvertently saved a god, and the power of that god's favor was prophecy.
作为报答，那位预言者用他们的血做媒介，想要看到他们的未来，为他们免除一些灾难。结果这位预言者没有看到夫妇俩的未来，却看到了很久很久以后。
In return, the prophet used their blood as a medium to see their future and save them from some calamities. As a result, the prophet did not see the future of the couple, but saw a long, long time later.
因为时间过去太久，加上那个预言太不可思议，夫妇俩都要忘记这个预言了。
Because so much time had passed, and the prophecy was so incredible, the couple had to forget it.
没想到他们竟然看到预言中的一部分就在他们眼前发生了。
Unexpectedly, they saw that part of the prophecy was happening right before their eyes.
撒老祖神色凝重：“我感知到他身上是有其他血脉，但……”
Sa Lao Zu's expression was solemn: "I sense that there are other bloodlines on him, but ......"
“不应该是纯血木精灵。既然是混合的血脉，就不可能出现纯种。更何况他身上还有魔种。”象夫人接口。
"It shouldn't be a pure-blooded wood elf. Since it is a mixed bloodline, it is impossible to appear purebred. What's more, he still has a demon seed on him. "Lady Elephant.
“也许他只是继承了木精灵血脉的显著特征？”撒老祖带着期待道。
"Maybe he's just inherited the salient traits of the Wood Elf bloodline?" Sa Lao Zu said with anticipation.
象夫人看着雷木，眼神复杂：“我也希望如此，但是……这可能吗？”
Madame Elephant looked at Lei Mu with a complicated look in her eyes: "I hope so, too, but ...... Is this possible? ”
夫妇俩更加纠结了。 The couple struggled even more.
王叶不知道这两位老祖在纠结什么，特别乐天地插话道：“两位老祖不用担心，木木的出生比较特殊，所以他的血脉也比较特殊，他会这样是因为他掌握了血脉转换之法。事关他的隐私，我就不多说了，以后您们要是见到大帝撒尔曼，可以询问他。或者等木木恢复，您们可以亲自问他。”
Wang Ye didn't know what these two ancestors were struggling with, so he interjected: "Don't worry, two ancestors, Mu Mu's birth is more special, so his bloodline is also special, and he is like this because he has mastered the method of bloodline transformation." I won't say much about his privacy, but if you see Emperor Salman in the future, you can ask him. Or when Mumu recovers, you can ask him personally. ”
Duang！两位老祖的表情就像是被巨石正好砸中脑袋，表情那是一个惨不忍睹。
Duang！ The expressions of the two ancestors were as if they had been hit on the head by a boulder, and their expressions were miserable.
王叶不解释也就算了，他这一解释，跟预言内容就更符合了。
It doesn't matter if Wang Ye doesn't explain, his explanation is more in line with the content of the prophecy.
所以他们要怎么办？ So what are they going to do?
相信这个预言，杀掉这个后代吗？ Believe this prophecy and kill this offspring?
象夫人忽然道：“当初我们就没相信过，还笑言千年后的事情，我们管那么多。”
Mrs. Xiang suddenly said: "We didn't believe it at the beginning, and we laughed at what happened a thousand years later, we care so much." ”
撒老祖闻着对面传来的爆炒肉片的香味，吞咽口水：“是啊，反正没这孩子，撒家的血脉也快玩完了。至于银月帝国……都不是撒家人当皇帝了，我管她存亡不存亡。”
Sa Lao Zu smelled the fragrance of fried meat slices coming from the opposite side, and swallowed his saliva: "Yes, anyway, without this child, the bloodline of the Sa family is almost over." As for the Silvermoon Empire...... It's not that the Saga family is the emperor anymore, I don't care if she survives or not. ”
“没错，我们都死了，还死了那么久，管那么多干什么。有什么事，就让小辈们去做好了。本来就是他们的事。”象夫人拍拍丈夫的肩膀，像是夸奖。
"That's right, we're all dead, we've been dead for so long, what's the matter. If there is anything, let the juniors do it. It was their business. Madame Elephant patted her husband on the shoulder as if complimenting.
“夫人您说得太对了。”撒老祖特别谄媚的一笑，那表情跟大黑狗几乎如出一辙。
"Ma'am, you're so right." Sa Lao Zu smiled particularly flatteringly, and his expression was almost the same as that of the big black dog.
王叶终于听出不对劲，诧异地看向两位老祖。 Wang Ye finally heard that something was wrong, and looked at the two ancestors in surprise.
“炒好了吗？”撒老祖迫不及待地问。 "Is it fried?" Sa Lao Zu couldn't wait to ask.
王叶只好把疑问暂且咽回肚子里，快速回道：“就好。”
Wang Ye had no choice but to swallow the question back into his stomach for the time being, and quickly replied: "It's good." ”
撒老祖殷勤地把最靠近自己身边的一张凳子拉开，请老婆大人坐下。
Sa Lao Zu diligently pulled out a stool closest to him and invited his wife to sit down.
象夫人坐下，拿过丈夫的杯子喝了口龙心阴草水。 Mrs. Xiang sat down, took her husband's cup and took a sip of dragon heart yin grass water.
撒老祖起身，重新摸出一个壶，又拿出一个罐子倒了些水进去，继续烧水。
Sa Lao Zu got up, took out a pot again, took out another jar and poured some water into it, and continued to boil the water.
象夫人轻哼：这老东西，就喜欢藏东西，她就知道他不可能只藏一份。
Mrs. Xiang snorted lightly: This old thing likes to hide things, and she knows that he can't hide only one copy.
撒老祖还警惕地对自家夫人说：“亲爱的夫人，阳泉水可就只剩这一份了，你再送人，我们俩就都没喝的了。”
Sa Lao Zu also said to his wife vigilantly: "Dear Madam, there is only this one part of Yangquan water left, if you give it away, neither of us will have anything to drink." ”
象夫人冷笑：“就地宫北边五百里地火山群中那自己冒出的热泉之水？没了你就不会过去再弄一点回来？”
撒老祖：“……”所以他的老底，夫人其实都知道吧！
王叶嘴巴都要笑咧了。 Wang Ye's mouth was about to grin.
知道一个宝贝地点了，等出去他就去多收集一点阳泉水。这种水被称为阳泉水，当然不是普通的热泉之水，在药材中也是非常重要并且经常用到的原料，包括炼器也少不了它。
Knowing a treasure location, when he goes out, he will go collect a little more yang spring water. This kind of water is called Yang Spring Water, which is of course not ordinary hot spring water, and it is also a very important and often used raw material in medicinal materials, including refining utensils.
“好了！”王叶把炒肉出锅，特地分了好几个盘子。 "That's it!" Wang Ye took the fried meat out of the pot and specially divided it into several plates.
九级魔兽肉，他和雷木都能吃一点，但金宝和小木木就不确定了。
王叶只给雷木准备了少少的一份，其他的大半分给了两位老祖。
Wang Ye only prepared a small portion for Lei Mu, and gave most of the rest to the two ancestors.
大黑激烈地叫：“汪！汪汪！” Da Hei shouted fiercely: "Wang! Barking! ”
王叶翻了个白眼：“别叫了，给你留了。”他都没给自己留。
Wang Ye rolled his eyes: "Don't scream, I'll leave it for you." "He didn't even keep it for himself.
大黑看到放到桌子上的盘子，以及盘子里堆得老高的炒肉片，满意地用尾巴扫扫小孩的腿，轻轻一跃，就蹲坐到了凳子上。
象夫人也笑了，这小孩年龄小，可真的很会做事。 Mrs. Xiang also smiled, this child is young, but he is really good at doing things.
“小家伙，你叫什么名字来着？”象夫人嗅了嗅炒肉片诱人的香气，用筷子夹起一片。他们和唐博古鼎认识后，就自然而然学会了用筷子。这玩意用熟了后，确实要比叉子方便得多。
"What's your name, little one?" Madame Elephant sniffed the tantalizing aroma of fried pork slices and picked up a slice with chopsticks. After they got to know Tang Bo Guding, they naturally learned to use chopsticks. When this thing is cooked, it is indeed much more convenient than a fork.
“王叶，也叫雷叶，随便您叫。”王叶不想隐瞒这位祖奶奶，索性就说了自己的真名。
"Wang Ye, also called Lei Ye, whatever you call it." Wang Ye didn't want to hide this grandmother, so he simply said his real name.
“你刚才是不是有什么问题想要问我们？”象夫人把夹起的炒肉片送入嘴里。味道闻着不错，希望口感不会跟木渣一样。
"Did you just have a question for us?" Madame Elephant puts the fried pork slices into her mouth. It smells good, and I hope it doesn't taste like wood dregs.
王叶直白地道：“是。你们两位是不是对雷木有什么看法？而这个看法和他的血脉有关系？”
Wang Ye said bluntly: "Yes." Do you two have any thoughts on Thundermu? And this perception has something to do with his bloodline? ”
象夫人顾不上说话了，她正在享受炒肉片的口感。 Madame Elephant didn't care to speak, she was enjoying the taste of fried pork slices.
天哪！她没想到、真的没想到，她竟然还能品尝到真正食物的口感。
Oh, my God! She didn't expect, really didn't expect, that she would be able to taste the taste of real food.
这都多少年了，天知道她多么怀恋生前那些美味？ How many years have it been, and God knows how nostalgic she is for those delicious foods in her lifetime?
虽然死后他们也有一些东西能吃，但能让亡灵觉得好吃的东西真的太少了，还都非常珍贵和稀少。
Although they have some things to eat after death, there are really too few things that can make the undead feel delicious, and they are all very precious and rare.
灵魂倒是很好吃，但他们不能吃！ The souls are delicious, but they can't!
他们尝过灵魂的味道，特别明白那些魔族为什么对灵魂那么执着。
They had tasted the soul and especially understood why those demons were so attached to the soul.
可就因为他们尝过，他们才更要克制。 But because they have tasted it, they have to refrain even more.
不能克制的，现在都在灵寂之地的囚牢中。 Those who can't be restrained are now in prison in the Land of Silence.
他们不是魔族，魔族吃灵魂会越来越强大。他们吞噬灵魂也会变得强大，但意识却会越来越混乱，直到成为一团疯狂的能量体。而魔族最喜欢的就是这种疯狂错乱又强大的灵魂了，它们称之为珍馐。
They are not demons, and the demons will become stronger and stronger when they eat souls. They will also become powerful by devouring souls, but their consciousness will become more and more chaotic until they become a crazy mass of energy bodies. And the demons' favorite is this kind of crazy and deranged and powerful soul, they call it delicacies.
而现在，她的面前出现了比灵魂更美味的食物。 And now, in front of her, food more delicious than the soul appeared.
灵魂虽然同样能让他们尝到滋味，让他们感到被充实，但那种罪恶感却永远无法消除。最可怕的就是灵魂中原有的意识或执念，它会一直纠缠你。
Although the soul can also give them a taste and make them feel full, that guilt can never be removed. The most terrible thing is the original consciousness or obsession in the soul, which will always haunt you.
可这份食物，她没有尝到任何负面能量。 But this food, she didn't taste any negative energy.
干净、单纯、美味得不可思议，吃下肚，更是让她整个灵魂都特别舒畅。
Clean, simple, and incrediblely delicious, eating it made her whole soul feel very comfortable.
亡灵按理无法吃下实体，但这个小孩制作的食物竟然可以化作纯能量，还是有滋有味、和他烹制的美食一样的纯能量。
The undead could not eat the entity, but the food made by this child could be turned into pure energy, and it still had the same pure energy as the food he cooked.
这简直就是奇迹！ It's nothing short of a miracle!
她和丈夫不知道结交过多少朋友，里面也有几位厉害的魔厨，但真的没听说有哪个魔厨随手烹制出来的食物能让亡灵也觉得好吃。
She and her husband don't know how many friends they've made, and there are a few great magic chefs in it, but I really haven't heard of any magic chefs who cook food that can make the undead taste good.
当然，有些能烹制阴食的魔厨，也许能制作出让亡灵感到美味的食物，但那种食物的原材料和普通食物绝不一样。而且味道也和正常食物有一定差别。
Of course, there are some magic chefs who can cook yin food, and they may be able to make food that makes the dead feel delicious, but the ingredients of that food are not the same as ordinary food. And the taste is also different from normal food.
总而言之，她现在不想说话，只想吃个够！ All in all, she doesn't want to talk right now, she just wants to eat enough!
撒老祖更是吃得头也不抬。现炒的九级魔兽肉片，吃到嘴里口感嫩滑，滋味充足，带有一点微辣，鲜度恰好。
Sa's ancestor didn't even raise his head when he ate. The freshly fried ninth-grade Warcraft meat slices have a tender and smooth taste in the mouth, with a little spicy and just the right freshness.
啊，这时候要是来一份白面包……不不不，这时候应该来一碗米饭！
Ah, what if there is a white bread at this time...... No, no, no, this is the time to have a bowl of rice!
王叶真的给他们都盛了一大碗热气腾腾的米饭。 Wang Ye really served them all a big bowl of steaming rice.
他们家长期煮饭吃，只是米饭的话，存货很多。 Their family has been cooking rice for a long time, but if it's just rice, they have a lot of stock.
雷木也在吃，他还在喂小木木。 Lei Mu is also eating, and he is still feeding Xiao Mumu.
不过小木木只吃了两片肉片，就摇头吃不下了。九级魔兽肉，等级对他还是太高，两片肉片的能量就足够撑饱他。
However, Xiao Mumu only ate two slices of meat, and then shook his head and couldn't eat it. Ninth-level demonic beast meat, the level is still too high for him, and the energy of two slices of meat is enough to support him.
这还是他的能量现在有一部分能流向雷木，否则他恐怕连一片都不能吃。
This is still a part of his energy that can flow to Thunderwood now, otherwise he may not be able to eat even a piece.
金宝妒忌死了，但他低头看看雷木爸爸盘子里的肉片，发现自己一点都吃不下去，不是他不能吃，而是他的肚子好饱哦。
Jinbao was jealous, but he looked down at the slices of meat on Lei Mu's father's plate, and found that he couldn't eat at all, not that he couldn't eat it, but that his stomach was so full.
王叶见两位老祖暂时顾不上和他说话，他也没催，而是卖力地施展起自己作为六级魔厨的实力。
Wang Ye saw that the two ancestors didn't care about talking to him for the time being, and he didn't urge, but worked hard to display his strength as a sixth-level demon chef.
他拿出更多材料和厨具，就在这个木屋里煎炸烹炒煮、焖烧涮蒸烤。
He took out more ingredients and utensils, and fried them in this wooden house.
这期间他没有吝啬自己的魔力，尽情施展。 During this period, he did not skimp on his magic power and used it to his heart's content.
就见好些厨具在无人操控下，完成一系列它们应尽的工作。
I saw a lot of kitchen utensils complete a series of tasks under the control of no one.
靳蜘蛛更是八只长腿不断挥舞，尽显作为一名圣级傀儡的实力……
Jin Spider is even more eight long legs constantly waving, showing his strength as a saint-level puppet......
不丢脸！他真的不丢脸。当初他还给一群小孩子做过面条呢，给这两位做配菜工又算得了什么？
No shame! He really doesn't have a shame. He also made noodles for a group of children, so what did he do as a side dish for these two?
木桌上不断放上做好的炒菜、点心、主食等。 Stir-fried dishes, dim sum, and staple foods are constantly placed on the wooden table.
王叶还给雷木和小木木准备了一份适合他们的蛋糕，让他们挖着吃。
Wang Ye also prepared a cake suitable for Lei Mu and Xiao Mu Mu for them to dig and eat.
金宝：“爸叽？”他好惨啊，这么多好吃的，他竟然一样都吃不下。
Jinbao: "Dad? "He's so miserable, he can't eat all of the delicious food.
金宝眼里都要滚出泪珠了。最后他眼不见心不烦地钻进了雷木的口袋里，还喷出一口火热的气息。
Tears rolled out of Campbell's eyes. In the end, out of sight and out of mind, he burrowed into Thunderwood's pocket and let out a fiery breath.
雷木用手指揉揉他的小脑袋。 Remu rubbed his little head with his fingers.
金宝心气顺了，张嘴打了个小呵欠。 Jinbao was relieved and opened his mouth to yawn.
王叶已经做得不慢，但两位老祖吃的也真的好快。他们吃到特别满意的，还会收起一部分。
Wang Ye is not slow, but the two ancestors are really fast. When they are particularly satisfied, they will put away some of it.
王叶最终把撒老祖给他的那几只九级魔兽全都消耗完，他自己也贡献了不少食物原材料。
Wang Ye finally consumed all the ninth-level demonic beasts that Sa Lao Zu gave him, and he himself contributed a lot of food raw materials.
两位老祖和大黑狗的进食速度也终于慢下来，不是他们吃饱了，而是他们的口舌之欲终于被稍稍满足了一点。
The eating speed of the two ancestors and the big black dog finally slowed down, not because they were full, but because their appetite for tongues was finally satisfied a little.
他们想要慢慢享受剩下来的美食，而不是继续暴饮暴食。
象夫人看了看丈夫。
撒老祖对她轻微颔首。
象夫人喝了口王叶特制的奶茶，特别满意这种饮料的口感：“这个，能给我多做一点吗？”
“当然。不但今天我会给您多做一点，以后我也会定期给二位送。”王叶一口答应。
“好孩子。”象夫人眼角笑纹加深，这小崽的小心思很明显，但他显然是为了雷木在考虑、在讨好他们。
“我们生前曾经听过一个预言。”象夫人冷不丁地就进入了主题。
王叶抬头。
雷木和小木木则反应不大。
金宝窝在雷木口袋里打瞌睡。
象夫人摸着杯身，回忆道：“那名预言师在我们那个年代很有名，但他从不轻易给人预言，因为我们夫妻救了他一次，他想要回报，才给我们做了一次预言，那次预言为了保证准确，他还用了大胆的血液。”
象夫人踢了丈夫一脚。详细预言内容，她已经记得不是很清楚，只记得大概。但她丈夫记忆力好，应该没有忘记。
撒老祖不得不从美食中拔出脑袋，接着说道：“他确实做出了预言，但不是和我们俩有关的预言，而是我们的后代，准确地说他看到了将近一千九百年以后的现在。当然，那时候我们不知道这个预言涉及到这么久远的未来，只知道会是很久以后，至少千年以后。”
“预言者总喜欢做一些很玄乎的预言，但是那次他对我说得很清楚，到现在我都记得他的原话。”
“他的预言分成了三段。第一段：千年以后，撒家崛起，建立起双月星第一个帝国。这一段，显然已经成为现实。”
“第二段：兄死弟及，死人复活。”
撒老祖叹了口气：“兄死弟及这种事并不稀奇，尤其是我们家不止有一个庞大家业，更有一个王国现在是帝国要继承的情况下。但死人复活是什么意思，指的又是谁，我们就搞不懂了。可惜那位预言师说他看到的一些内容也很模糊，有些他只是凭借直觉捕捉到一些预言内容。”
“重点是第三段，”撒老祖看向雷木和小木木，神色不明：“头生双角的木精灵踏着黑色的血液而来，他左边脸颊上涂抹着父亲的血，右边脸颊上涂抹着母亲的血，他手里捧着他幼小的尸骨，银月变成血月，撒家灭，帝国亡。”
雷木似乎终于意识到两位老祖和王叶在谈论他，转头，看向撒老祖。
Lei Mu seemed to finally realize that the two Ancestors and Wang Ye were talking about him, and turned his head to look at Sa Ancestor.
撒老祖却看向了对面的王叶：“最后一段预言内容，我和我夫人想了很久，这段话的意思看似很明了，但对于近两千年前的我们却难以想象。”
象夫人接口：“我们一开始以为是木精灵来寻仇，但我们总不能让我们的后代去提防千年以后的木精灵，尤其我们不知道详细时间。后来木精灵消失，银月成为帝国，我们觉得也许预言已经改变，毕竟预言是可以改变的，就没跟撒尔曼提。而且我们也不想见到他们，对于我们来说，两千年后的后代和国家，真的太遥远了。”
撒老祖：“我们也不太想让他们知道我们的存在。也许继承王位的那个人多少会知道一些，但也不能确定。另外，时间真的太久远了，如果不是看到雷木和他的分魂，以及雷木的变化，我们可能直到银月帝国灭亡也不会想起这个预言。”
王叶心中的惊骇没有人知道。
别人不知，他可是清清楚楚知道银月帝国的下场，上辈子的下场。
Others don't know, but he clearly knows the fate of the Silver Moon Empire and the fate of his previous life.
银月帝国确实灭亡了，而且还是屠国式的灭亡，据说凶手就是撒坦。
The Silver Moon Empire did fall, and it was a slaughter-style destruction, and it is said that the murderer was Satan.
如此看来，这三段预言应该都变成了现实。 In this way, all three prophecies should come true.
但王叶总觉得哪里不对劲，就跟撒老祖说这个世界的能量有问题，他们想尽办法也没有办法解决一样。
But Wang Ye always felt that something was wrong, just like Sa Lao Zu said that there was a problem with the energy of this world, and they couldn't solve it even if they tried their best.
“头生双角的木精灵踏着黑色的血液而来，这句话的前半段很好理解，说的就是木木的外形，至于黑色血液，应该是一种比喻，或者是木木的一种能力？或者就是真的踩着血液？”王叶自言自语一般推测。
"The firstborn two-horned wood elf came with black blood, the first half of this sentence is easy to understand, it is about the appearance of Mu Mu, as for the black blood, it should be a metaphor, or an ability of Mu Mu? Or is it really stepping on blood? Wang Ye muttered to himself and speculated.
两位老祖就看这小孩认真分析，两人则悠哉地品尝美食。
The two ancestors watched the child analyze carefully, and the two tasted the food leisurely.
雷木和小木木又一起看向王叶。 Lei Mu and Xiao Mu Mu looked at Wang Ye together again.
“他左边脸颊上涂抹着父亲的血，右边脸颊上涂抹着母亲的血。这两句是暗指他父母都已经死亡？”王叶心里咯噔一下。
"He had his father's blood on his left cheek and his mother's blood on his right cheek. Are these two sentences an allusion to the fact that both of his parents are dead? Wang Ye chuckled in his heart.
他记得大帝说过，月琴并没有真正死亡，而是处在一种类似植物人的状态下。
He remembered that the Emperor had said that Yueqin was not really dead, but was in a vegetative-like state.
而兰道师父更是还活的好好的。 And Master Landau is still alive and well.
那么会不会上辈子，他没有救出兰道师父，也没有遇到雷木，事情的发展就和这辈子完全不同？
So could it be that in the previous life, he didn't rescue Master Landau, and he didn't meet Lei Mu, and the development of things would be completely different from this life?
雷木的身世也许在某天被雷木查了出来，或者通过其他方式暴露，但那时月琴公主和兰道师父都已经死亡？
Lei Mu's background may have been found out by Lei Mu one day, or exposed in other ways, but by that time, Princess Yueqin and Master Landau were both dead?
雷木可能受到了父母双亡的刺激？他想为自己父母报仇，并认为撒家和银月帝国是他的仇人？
Reimu may have been stimulated by the death of both parents? He wants to avenge his parents and thinks that Sajia and the Silvermoon Empire are his enemies?
但他总觉得雷木不是那种会把仇恨延伸到无关者身上，乃至屠杀整个国家亿万人的凶手。除非他的意识被人控制，但雷木一个人能做到在短短时间内屠杀亿万人吗？
But he always felt that Reimu was not the kind of murderer who would extend his hatred to unrelated people, and even slaughter hundreds of millions of people in the entire country. Unless his consciousness is controlled, can Reimu alone slaughter hundreds of millions of people in a short period of time?
“雷木父母还在世吗？”象夫人问。 "Are Raimi's parents still alive?" Mrs. Elephant asked.
王叶非常肯定地点头：“在世。木木的母亲是撒尔曼大帝的亲生女儿撒月琴公主，这位公主因为身体缘故，目前处在昏迷状态，已经昏迷二十年。”
Wang Ye nodded very affirmatively: "Alive." Mu Mu's mother is Princess Sayueqin, the biological daughter of Emperor Salman, who is currently in a coma for twenty years because of her health. ”
象夫人挑眉。 Madame Elephant raised an eyebrow.
“这点我之后跟您们说。”王叶继续道：“至于木木的父亲，则是我的师父，一位实力和专业等级都达到九级，伟大又厉害的卷轴大宗师，也是木精灵和人类的混血，他叫兰道，是我们陨星的教授。我可以保证，直到昨天我和他们分开为止，他都还活得好好的，我现在都还能联系上他。”
"I'll tell you that later." Wang Ye continued: "As for Mu Mu's father, he is my master, a great and powerful scroll grand master who has reached level nine in strength and professional level, and is also a hybrid of wood elves and humans, his name is Lan Dao, and he is the professor of our meteorite. I can guarantee that he was alive and well until I separated from them yesterday, and I can still contact him. ”
两位老祖互看。 The two ancestors looked at each other.
撒老祖总觉得自己好像在哪儿听过兰道的名字，他一边回忆，一边说道：“那么这个预言说的还不是现在，而是未来？那么你们要小心了，从预言的第一段内容来看，这位预言者的预言很可能都会变成真的。”
Sa Lao Zu always felt as if he had heard Landau's name somewhere, and he said while recalling: "So this prophecy is not talking about the present, but the future?" Then be careful, for from the first paragraph of the prophecy, it is likely that the prophet's prophecy will come true. ”
王叶抿了抿嘴唇，继续分析道：“他手里捧着他幼小的尸骨，这句话如果你们没有看小木木，我可能还想不明白，会以为是雷木的孩子之类。但现在我想，这具幼小的尸骨指的就是小木木，对吗？”
Wang Ye pursed his lips and continued to analyze: "He is holding his young bones in his hand, if you don't look at Xiao Mumu in this sentence, I may still not understand it, and I will think that it is Lei Mu's child or something." But now I think this young skeleton is a little wood, right? ”
“这话你问我们，我们也回答不出。不过这具分魂的身体确实是一根骨头雕刻而成。”撒老祖直接说破了小木木的身体真相。
"If you ask us that, we won't be able to answer. However, the body of this split soul was indeed carved from a single bone. "Sa Lao Zu directly told the truth about Xiao Mumu's body.
小木木下意识摸了摸自己的身体，又抬头看雷木。 Xiao Mumu subconsciously touched his body, and then looked up at Lei Mu.
雷木抬起另一只手，摸了摸他的头。 Raimu raised his other hand and touched his head.
小木木依恋地蹭了蹭他的掌心。他们的边缘部分融合得更多了。
Xiao Mumu rubbed his palm lovingly. Their edges are blended in more.
雷木索性把小木木抱到自己腿上坐着。 Lei Mu simply hugged Xiao Mumu to his lap and sat down.
小木木半个人似乎都陷入了雷木怀中。 Half of Xiao Mumu seemed to fall into Lei Mu's arms.
王叶没有太惊讶，虽然他没有看出小木木的本体，但他也猜想到雷木分裂出来的一缕魂魄肯定要有依附物才能化成实体。
Wang Ye wasn't too surprised, although he didn't see Xiao Mumu's body, he also guessed that the wisp of soul split out of Lei Mu must have an attachment to turn into an entity.
现在撒老祖说小木木的身体是一根骨头雕刻而成，他几乎不用想就知道那根骨头九成九也和雷木本人有关。
Now Sa Lao Zu said that Xiao Mumu's body was carved from a bone, and he almost didn't have to think about it to know that nine out of ten of that bone was also related to Lei Mu himself.
“最后的银月变成血月，撒家灭，帝国亡。这三句没什么好推测的，说得很明白。那么现在让我们重点看预言的第二段。”王叶神色突然变得特别正经。
"The last silver moon becomes a blood moon, and the Saga is destroyed, and the empire is destroyed. There is nothing to speculate about in these three sentences, and they are very clear. Now, then, let's focus on the second paragraph of the prophecy. Wang Ye's expression suddenly became very serious.
撒老祖眯了眯眼睛：“第二段怎么了？你觉得哪里不对吗？”
Sa Lao Zu narrowed his eyes: "What's wrong with the second paragraph?" Do you think something is wrong? ”
王叶呵呵：“兄死弟及？死人复活？您们真想不到复活的死人是谁吗？”
Wang Ye hehe: "Brother dies and brother? Resurrection of the dead? Don't you really think of who the resurrected dead are? ”
象夫人不紧不慢地说：“说说你的推理。” Madame Elephant said unhurriedly, "Tell me your reasoning." ”
王叶不客气地道：“从三段预言的时间来看，第二段预言发生的时间必然在撒尔曼大帝和雷木都存在的期间，这点没错吧？”
Wang Ye said unceremoniously: "Judging from the time of the three prophecies, the time when the second prophecy must have occurred must be during the existence of both Sahrman the Great and Lei Mu, is this correct?" ”
两位老祖想了想，点头。 The two ancestors thought for a moment and nodded.
“那么撒尔曼大帝有几位兄弟，又有几个能兄死弟及的弟弟？”王叶非常犀利地就把撒菲力的名字给说了出来：“除了这个堪称人渣的撒菲力，我想不到大帝还有其他能继承他帝位的弟弟。”
"So how many brothers does Salman the Great have, and how many brothers do he have?" Wang Ye said Saphiri's name very sharply: "Except for this Saphili who can be called a scumbag, I can't think of any other younger brothers who can inherit his throne." ”
撒老祖提出不同意见：“也许撒尔曼在日后传位给了别人，比如雷木，但雷木死了，你这个弟弟……不对，雷木死了，自然也就没有第三段预言。也就是说继承撒尔曼帝位的是其他撒家后代？”
Sa Lao Zu raised a different opinion: "Maybe Salman passed the throne to someone else in the future, such as Lei Mu, but Lei Mu died, your younger brother...... No, Lei Mu is dead, so naturally there is no third prophecy. In other words, it was the other descendants of the Salaman family who inherited the throne of the Sahrman? ”
王叶满含讽刺地道：“您是说撒菲力的儿子撒缺德和撒骑驴那对蠢毒贱人，哦，是撒埃德和撒奇尔父子俩吗？据我所知，撒埃德可没有弟弟，堂弟也没有。而撒奇尔……只有一个堂兄，就是雷木，也说不上兄死弟及。”
Wang Ye said sarcastically: "You mean the stupid and poisonous sluts of Saphiri's son Saqid and Saqir donkey, oh, is it Saeed and Thatchir father and son?" As far as I know, Saeed didn't have a brother, and neither did a cousin. And Thatcher ...... There is only one cousin, that is, Lei Mu, and he can't say that his brother is dead. ”
撒老祖低喃：“我们撒家血脉就剩这点人口了？” Sa Ancestor muttered: "We have this little bit of population left in the bloodline of the Sa family?" ”
自己的后代被人说成蠢毒贱人，这位老祖也没生气。在他看来这个叫王叶的小崽子的心早就歪了，胳膊肘全偏到雷木那里了。
His descendants were called stupid and poisonous sluts, and this ancestor was not angry. In his opinion, the heart of this little cub named Wang Ye had already been crooked, and his elbow was all biased to Lei Mu.
反正他也没见过那个缺德和骑驴，只见到王小叶和雷木。他也不是偏心，但吃人的嘴软，王小叶现在就是掌握了他们夫妇俩幸福的关键，他才不会为了从没有见过面的超远血脉后代得罪大厨呢。
Anyway, he hadn't seen the lack of virtue and riding a donkey, only Wang Xiaoye and Lei Mu. He is not eccentric, but he has a soft mouth to eat people, Wang Xiaoye is now the key to the happiness of the two of them, so he will not offend the chef for the descendants of the ultra-distant bloodline who have never met.
“撒菲力是谁？”象夫人完全没印象。 "Who is Saphiri?" Madame Elephant was not impressed at all.
撒老祖摆摆手，随口道：“撒尔曼的弟弟，早死了，就在地宫里，你不用认识。”
Sa Lao Zu waved his hand and said casually: "Salman's younger brother, he died a long time ago, and he is in the underground palace, you don't need to know him." ”
“所以小叶子说的兄死弟及的弟弟，和死人复活中的死人，就是这个撒菲力？”象夫人冷冷说道。
"So the brother and the younger brother that Xiao Yezi said, and the dead man in the resurrection of the dead, is this Saphiri?" Mrs. Xiang said coldly.
撒老祖：“……除了他，好像没别人了？” Sa Lao Zu: "...... Except for him, there seems to be no one else? ”
象夫人冷哼：“如此说来，我们还是有必要去了解一下这个后代。死人复活？老娘死了这么多年，也没指望能复活，这个撒菲力又有什么能耐，竟然能复活？他付出了什么代价？打算付出什么代价？而且撒尔曼正是年轻力壮的时候，远没到衰竭期，他是怎么死的？木木的父母又是怎么死的？还有小叶子呢？说不定木木怀里的那具幼小尸骨就是小叶子呢？”
Madame Xiang snorted coldly: "In this way, it is still necessary for us to get to know this offspring. Resurrection of the dead? The old lady has been dead for so many years, and she doesn't expect to be resurrected, what is this Saphili capable of, to be resurrected? What price did he pay? What price are you going to pay? And Salman was young and strong, far from the exhaustion period, how did he die? How did Mumu's parents die? And what about the small leaves? Maybe the young corpse in Mu Mu's arms is a small leaf? ”
王叶立刻用力点头，毫不忌讳地道：“对，也很有可能是我。”
Wang Ye immediately nodded vigorously, and said without hesitation: "Yes, it is very likely that it is me." ”
雷木和小木木看王叶的眼神出现了几丝焦急和不安。 Lei Mu and Xiao Mu Mu looked at Wang Ye's eyes with a hint of anxiety and uneasiness.
雷木脑中不断冒出一个声音：小叶子不能死！我不会让小叶子再早死！绝不！
A voice kept popping up in Lei Mu's head: Xiao Ye can't die! I won't let Xiao Ye die sooner! Never!
小木木的身体有三分之二融入了雷木的身体中。 Two-thirds of Kogiki's body is integrated into Raimu's body.
两位老祖和王叶，包括那只吃个不停的大黑狗都看到了，但他们就像是没看到一样，他们不敢表示异样，只希望融合能顺利进行下去。
The two Ancestors and Wang Ye, including the big black dog that kept eating, all saw it, but they didn't seem to see it, they didn't dare to express their differences, they only hoped that the fusion could go on smoothly.
王叶对小木木有好感，那也是因为在他眼里，小木木就是雷木本人，是他的小时候。
Wang Ye has a good impression of Xiao Mumu, and that is also because in his eyes, Xiao Mumu is Lei Mu himself, his childhood.
所以他从没想过要让小木木独立出来，也没那个必要。当然，如果小木木想要独立，他会成全小木木，哪怕他要帮助两个木木，给他们培养完整的魂体。
So he never thought of letting Xiao Mumu be independent, and there was no need for that. Of course, if Xiao Mumu wants to be independent, he will fulfill Xiao Mumu, even if he wants to help two Mumu and cultivate a complete soul body for them.
但显然小木木本身也不想独立，否则他会本能地抗拒融合。在他主动牵起雷木的手时，他就想要和雷木融合到一起，他知道他就是雷木，雷木就是他，他们本身就是同体同魂。
But apparently Komumu himself doesn't want to be independent, otherwise he will instinctively resist fusion. When he took the initiative to take Lei Mu's hand, he wanted to merge with Lei Mu, he knew that he was Lei Mu, Lei Mu was him, and they were the same body and soul.
雷木更是不会抗拒小木木的融入，他虽然缺魂茫然，却也知道这个小木木就是他自己的一部分，是他的记忆和过去。
Lei Mu will not resist Xiao Mumu's integration, although he lacks a soul and is at a loss, he also knows that this Xiao Mu Mu is a part of himself, his memory and past.
雷木突然掏出睡着的金宝，抛给王叶。 Lei Mu suddenly took out the sleeping Jinbao and threw it to Wang Ye.
王叶接过金宝，放入自己的口袋，对象夫人竖起大拇指：“祖奶奶，您太厉害了。我只不过推测出一个开头，您就发现了一堆问题点。”
Wang Ye took the Jinbao and put it in his pocket, and the subject's wife gave a thumbs up: "Grandma, you are too powerful." I'm just speculating at the beginning, and you've found a bunch of problems. ”
象夫人笑骂：“小马屁精！我就不信你没想到。行了，我们说了不会对雷木动手，就绝不会。再说预言这东西，就是警示，并不是一成不变。而且雷木那段是第三段，如果第二段改变，那么第三段必然也会随之改变。”
Mrs. Elephant laughed and scolded: "Little pony! I don't believe you didn't expect that. Okay, we said we wouldn't do anything to Thunderwood, so we wouldn't. Besides, prophecy is a warning, not immutable. And the third paragraph of Lei Mu is the third paragraph, and if the second paragraph changes, then the third paragraph will inevitably change with it. ”
“对！您说得太对了！”王叶是真心敬佩这位祖奶奶，这位就是个特别明理的老太太，而且聪明。
"That's right! You're so right! Wang Ye really admires this grandmother, this is a very sensible old lady, and smart.
象夫人的聪慧表现在了各个方面，所以哪怕撒老祖有一堆小妾和情人，可他最敬也最信任的只会是他的正妻象夫人，而他最关心的也只会是他和象夫人的血脉后代。
Madame Elephant's intelligence is manifested in all aspects, so even if Sa Laozu has a bunch of concubines and lovers, the one he respects and trusts the most will only be his wife, Madame Elephant, and what he cares about most will only be the blood descendants of him and Madame Xiang.
在两千年前，想要一夫一妻，想要有钱有势还有能力的丈夫只守着自己，而自己还容貌不佳，那真的太难太难了。
Two thousand years ago, it was really too difficult to have a monogamous husband, a rich, powerful and capable husband who only guarded himself, and he was still not good-looking.
说句残忍的话，容貌不佳的妻子想要在丈夫面前获得话语权，想要让丈夫尊重自己，想要在一众娇美妾婢和私生子中护住自己的儿女和自己，不会动脑子根本不行。
To put it cruelly, a wife with a bad appearance wants to gain the right to speak in front of her husband, wants her husband to respect her, and wants to protect her children and herself among a crowd of delicate concubines and illegitimate children.
象夫人给了丈夫一个没有温度的眼神，对付撒大胆，只有武力值可不够。
Mrs. Xiang gave her husband a warm look, dealing with Sa boldly, only the force value is not enough.
撒老祖……很怂地假装自己没看到夫人的眼刀，还把奶茶壶往老婆面前推了推。
Sa's Ancestor...... pretended that he didn't see his wife's eye knife, and pushed the milk teapot in front of his wife.
他老了，哪还有那些花花心思，也就是夫人不肯再相信他，还老是以为他在她睡着的时候，跑出去偷嘴。
He is old, how can he still have those fancy thoughts, that is, the lady refuses to believe him anymore, and always thinks that he runs out to steal when she is asleep.
他都是亡灵了好吗！ He's all undead, okay?
觉得自己特委屈的撒老祖，嘴角却是弯着的。 Sa, who felt that he was particularly wronged, had the corners of his mouth crooked.
哎哟，没眼看了，要不要一把年纪还强行给人喂狗粮？王叶咳嗽一声：“那么撒菲力那边就请两位老祖多盯着一些了，撒尔曼大帝还有一个兄长撒赛亚，这位堂爷爷人品很不错，如果你们有需要跑腿和盯梢的地方，也可以找他。不过这位并不是顶顶聪明的人，他的死亡也和撒菲力有关。”
Ouch, I don't have an eye to see, do you want to forcibly feed people dog food at an old age? Wang Ye coughed: "Then Saphili will ask the two ancestors to keep an eye on it more, Sahrman the Great also has a brother Sasaiah, this cousin has a very good character, if you need to run errands and keep an eye on him, you can also look for him." However, this man was not the most intelligent man, and his death was also related to Zaphiri. ”
王叶又特别小鸡肚肠地说了撒菲力一堆坏话。 Wang Ye was very small and said a bunch of bad things about Saphiri.
撒老祖和象夫人听得又好气又好笑，不过王叶这连番的“苦心”也起到了相当价值的效果，至少两位老祖都打算抽点时间去看看这个后代都在偷偷搞些什么花头。
Sa Ancestor and Mrs. Xiang listened angrily and funny, but Wang Ye's repeated "painstaking efforts" also had a considerable effect, at least the two ancestors planned to take some time to see what kind of tricks this descendant was secretly doing.
第306章 发现阴谋、托梦 Chapter 306: Discovering a Conspiracy and Dreaming
因为雷木正在融合自己的分魂小木木，貌似还需要几天时间，王叶就暂时在撒老祖这边落脚了。
Because Lei Mu was fusing his own soul splitting Xiao Mumu, it seemed that it would take a few days for Wang Ye to temporarily settle on the side of Sa Lao Zu.
王叶也是住在这里才知道这木屋看着不大，实际上竟然是个搞不清楚有多少房间的大屋子。而木屋的墙壁看似没有门，实际上随便哪个地方都有可能变成门。
Wang Ye also lived here, so he realized that this wooden house didn't look big, but it was actually a big room that didn't know how many rooms there were. The walls of the wooden house seem to have no doors, but in fact, they can become doors anywhere.
王叶猜测这个木屋应该也和撒老祖变成缚地亡灵（土地神）后的能力有关。
Wang Ye guessed that this wooden house should also be related to the ability of Sa Lao Zu after becoming a landbound undead (land god).
撒老祖见王叶住下，特别高兴，也不知道从哪儿扛来一堆食材，从鱼肉虾蟹到蔬菜瓜果，甚至是调味材料，他都弄来了。
Sa Lao Zu was very happy to see Wang Ye staying, and he didn't know where to bring a bunch of ingredients, from fish, meat, shrimp and crabs to vegetables and fruits, and even seasoning materials.
象夫人也准备了一些给王叶，她可能跟撒老祖商量过，给王叶准备的都是药材。
Mrs. Xiang also prepared some for Wang Ye, she may have discussed with Sa Lao Zu, and the ones prepared for Wang Ye were all medicinal herbs.
王叶看到这些东西都乐傻了。这么多东西，二老肯定不是让都给他们做吃的，毕竟里面有不少中级材料，那些药材更是没必要。这多出来的显然都是给他的报酬了。
Wang Ye was stupid when he saw these things. There are so many things, the second elder definitely didn't let them all make them eat, after all, there are a lot of intermediate materials in it, and those medicinal materials are even more unnecessary. The extra is obviously paid for him.
就算没有这些东西，只那些魔兽体内的魔晶，就足够他给二老准备几十年的食物还绰绰有余。
Even if he didn't have these things, just the magic crystals in the body of those demonic beasts were enough for him to prepare food for the second elder for decades.
这可都是最低六级、最高九级的魔晶！ These are all magic crystals at the lowest level of six and the highest level of nine!
要不是人在地宫中，王叶恨不得出去跑上几圈才好，他太高兴了。
If it weren't for the people in the underground palace, Wang Ye would have been eager to go out and run a few laps, he would be so happy.
上次他遇到的大方人还是木精灵的大祭司和生命之树，但他得到那些好处可是付出了相当的代价，木精灵那边的任务多麻烦啊。
The last time he met the generous people was the High Priestess of the Wood Elves and the Tree of Life, but he paid a considerable price for getting those benefits, and the task on the Wood Elves' side was so troublesome.
可二老这边，他什么都不用烦，只要做饭就可以。 But on the second elder's side, he doesn't have to worry about anything, just cook.
做饭对他就不是难事，有魔法和靳蜘蛛帮忙，处理食材就不算麻烦，而且这些中高级食材还能让他练手，顺便还能提升他的魔厨等级。
Cooking is not difficult for him, with the help of magic and Jin Spider, it is not a hassle to deal with the ingredients, and these mid-to-high-grade ingredients can also allow him to practice, and by the way, he can also improve his magic kitchen level.
最后还获得了二老的好感，更有大笔报酬拿，更更可能解决掉雷木和银月帝国的隐忧，这么多好处，他能不高兴吗？
In the end, he also won the favor of the second elder, and he was paid a large amount of money, and it was more likely to solve the hidden worries of Lei Mu and the Silver Moon Empire, so many benefits, could he not be happy?
王叶心里高兴，做饭就更卖力了，他还给二老酿酒。 Wang Ye was happy in his heart, and he worked harder to cook, and he also made wine for the second elder.
两位老祖吃得好，看王小叶也就更顺眼，对他也就更好。
If the two ancestors eat well, it will be more pleasing to the eye to see Wang Xiaoye, and it will be better for him.
如此良性循环，哎呀妈，二老和王叶现在简直比亲祖孙还亲~
Such a virtuous circle, oh mom, the second elder and Wang Ye are now closer than their ancestors and grandchildren~
就连金宝都从二老身上混到了不少好东西。 Even Jinbao mixed a lot of good things from the second elder.
而从二老拿出来的东西来看，很多东西明显不是存货。王叶猜测这两位老祖虽然成了亡灵还住在墓地里，但他们应该和其他被困在地宫里的亡灵不一样，也许他们真的就像是唐博说的，成了这一片土地的土地神。
And judging from the things that the second elder took out, many things are obviously not inventory. Wang Ye guessed that although these two ancestors had become undead and still lived in the cemetery, they should be different from other undead who were trapped in the dungeon, maybe they were really like Tang Bo said, and became the land gods of this land.
至少这一片土地，二老应该可以来去自由，而且他们的地盘应该还挺大的，很可能延伸到了海边——那些食材中有不少都是海鲜。
At least this piece of land, the second elder should be able to come and go freely, and their territory should be quite large, probably extending to the seaside - many of those ingredients are seafood.
王叶心中也因此产生了一个疑问：上辈子银月灭国，撒家血脉完全断绝，这两位为什么一点影子都没有冒出来？
Wang Ye also had a question in his heart: In the previous life, Yinyue destroyed the country, and the bloodline of the Sajia family was completely cut off, why didn't these two have any shadows at all?
他憋不住，就把这个疑问换一种方式问了。 He couldn't hold it back, so he asked the question in another way.
撒老祖翘着二郎腿，吃着油炸花生米，喝着小酒，极度惬意地道：“孩子，你要明白一点，人的感情需要相处才能培养出来，只有血脉关系并不可靠，而且还是延续了两千年左右的血脉关系，那点血脉，除非返祖，否则已经淡得都要找不到了。”
Sa Laozu crossed Erlang's legs, ate fried peanuts, drank a little wine, and said extremely comfortably: "Child, you have to understand one thing, people's feelings need to get along in order to be cultivated, only the blood relationship is not reliable, and it is a blood relationship that has lasted for about two thousand years, and that bit of blood, unless you return to your ancestors, it is so faint that you can't find it." ”
“我记得唐博跟我们说过，孩子会遗传父母各一半的元素，也就是说我儿子只能继承我二分之一的血脉，等到我孙子，就只有四分之一，到我重孙子就只剩下八分之一。你算算，近两千年来，我已经有多少代后代，而他们又能继承我多少血脉？直白点说，如今的撒家人对我来说，跟陌生人也没什么区别。”
"I remember Tang Bo telling us that children will inherit half of the elements of each parent, which means that my son can only inherit half of my bloodline, and when I wait for my grandson, it will only be a quarter, and when I reach my great-grandson, there will only be one-eighth left. Do you calculate, how many generations of descendants have I had in the past 2,000 years, and how many bloodlines can they inherit from me? To put it bluntly, the Sagar family is no different from a stranger to me today. ”
撒老祖呵呵一笑：“而女儿和儿子继承的血脉是一样的，换言之，如果我真的要找寻我的血脉，并照顾他们，这世上还有很多，只不过他们不姓撒而已。”
Sa Lao Zu smiled: "And the bloodline inherited by daughters and sons is the same, in other words, if I really want to find my bloodline and take care of them, there are many more in this world, but they are not surnamed Sa." ”
“当然，作为家族老祖，好歹也是同一个姓，如有必要，我也愿意给出一点庇护。但那是在这些后代还值得拉扯，或者足够我同情的情况下，但如果这些不肖子孙自己作死，我管他们去死。”
"Of course, as the ancestor of the family, I have the same surname, and if necessary, I am willing to give a little shelter. But that's when these descendants are still worth pulling, or enough for me to sympathize with, but if these unworthy descendants die on their own, I will let them die. ”
王叶对撒老祖竖起拇指，这两位老祖真的很想得开。嗯，也许只是懒得管事而已。换了他，要他去管两千年后的后代……还是让他们自生自灭吧。
Wang Ye gave a thumbs up to Sa Ancestor, these two Ancestors really thought about it. Well, maybe it's just too lazy to take care of things. replaced him, and asked him to take care of the descendants after 2,000 years...... Let them fend for themselves.
砰！大门被人一脚踹开。 Bang! The door was kicked open.
王叶和撒老祖都比较淡定，他们都知道踹门的是谁。 Wang Ye and Sa Lao Zu were relatively calm, and they both knew who kicked the door.
“吃吃吃！你就知道吃。你知道我发现了什么吗？”象夫人怒气冲冲地进来。
"Eat, eat, eat! You know how to eat. Do you know what I found? Madame Elephant came in in a rage.
撒老祖和王叶立刻看向她。 Sa Lao Zu and Wang Ye immediately looked at her.
但撒老祖丝毫没有紧张感地问：“夫人您发现什么了？”
But Sa's ancestor didn't feel nervous at all and asked, "Madam, what have you discovered?" ”
象夫人脸色非常难看：“有人在地宫里暗中放置了一些东西，这些东西一旦完成，就会变成一个大型能量转换魔法阵。”
Madame Elephant's face was very ugly: "Someone has secretly placed some things in the dungeon, and once these things are completed, they will turn into a large energy conversion magic array. ”
“能量转换？”撒老祖的手顿住。 "Energy conversion?" Sa's hand paused.
香夫人也不在乎王叶在场，直接说道：“是抽取地宫和我们的能量，来供给某人或某物。”
“撒菲力！”撒老祖一口道出。
象夫人冷冷道：“如果有地宫那么多灵魂和宝物，再加上你我的能量，如此庞大的能量，倒真的有可能让一个死人复活。”
撒老祖皱眉：“不可能，这么多能量只会撑爆一个人，更何况是个亡灵。撒菲力资质应该很一般吧，他的精神核也没什么特殊的。另外能量多就能让死人复活？要是这样真的管用，这世上早就一堆老不死了。”
“谁知道呢，也许这里面还有些其他花头，这些都要我们去查出来。灵寂之地那边，应该也有人和撒菲力勾结，大概是都想复活，或逃出地宫。一个个全都在做梦！”象夫人愤怒消失，眼神变得极度凶狠。
撒老祖看到这样的老妻，都暗中打了个寒颤，并默默为作死的撒菲力和某些家伙先撒上两把土。
“东西收了吗？”撒老祖问。 "Did you collect the things?" Sa Lao Zu asked.
象夫人眼神阴森：“不急，现在我把那些东西都收了，暗中布置的人就会知道也会警觉。老娘要在他们就要成功之际，再打烂他们的脸！”
Mrs. Xiang's eyes were gloomy: "Don't worry, now that I have collected all those things, the people who arrange them secretly will know and be alert." The old lady wants to slap their faces again when they are about to succeed! ”
好！王叶偷乐，特别期待那时候的撒菲力等人的表情。 Good! Wang Ye was secretly happy, especially looking forward to the expressions of Saphili and the others at that time.
“祖奶奶，您别生气，我和雷木也会去查这些人和事，如果您和老祖有什么不方便的，都可以交代我们去做。”王叶拍胸脯道。
"Grandma, don't be angry, Lei Mu and I will also go to check on these people and things, if you and Ancestor have anything inconvenient, you can explain to us to do it." Wang Ye patted his chest and said.
象夫人看到包着头巾、穿得特别利落的小魔厨王叶，脸上不禁浮起了一丝笑容：“好孩子，你和雷木还小呢，这些事我们会找撒尔曼，他既然是这个国家的帝王，又是一家之主，这些事当然都该归他管。”
When Madame Xiang saw the little demon chef Wang Ye who was wrapped in a headscarf and dressed very neatly, she couldn't help but have a smile on her face: "Good boy, you and Lei Mu are still young, we will find Salman for these things, since he is the emperor of this country and the head of the family, of course these things should be in his charge." ”
王叶：就喜欢这样的老人家。 Wang Ye: I like such old people.
“夫人，别气了，快坐下。”撒老祖给老妻斟酒。 "Madam, don't be angry, sit down." Sazu's ancestor poured wine for his wife.
象夫人接过撒老祖递过来的小酒杯，抿了一口，眯了眯眼睛，也在一张看起来很舒服的椅子上坐下。
木屋的配制明显升级了，多出了好几张看起来就很舒服的软椅，还有大张的兽皮。
The structure of the wooden house has been significantly upgraded, with several more comfortable looking soft chairs, as well as large animal skins.
雷木已经被两位老祖换了地方，他现在就躺在墙角，小木木已经只剩下一个虚虚的影子。看起来就好像儿子趴卧在爸爸身上。
Lei Mu has been changed places by the two ancestors, and he is now lying in the corner, and Xiao Mumu is only a void shadow left. It looked like the son was lying on his father's stomach.
王叶倒是想把雷木转进更安全的虫巢中，但显然雷木想要完整灵魂只能在这个地宫里完成，而且也只有这样才不会触犯守墓人规则。
Wang Ye wanted to transfer Lei Mu into a safer hive, but it was obvious that Lei Mu wanted to complete his soul only in this dungeon, and only in this way would he not violate the rules of the tomb keeper.
“你们刚才在聊什么？”象夫人也捏了一粒花生米丢进嘴里，动作相当豪放。
"What were you guys talking about?" Mrs. Xiang also pinched a peanut and threw it into her mouth, and her movements were quite bold.
王叶迅速道：“我刚才问老祖，如果预言中的事情真的发生，二位会怎么做。”
Wang Ye quickly said, "I just asked the ancestor what the two of you would do if the things in the prophecy really happened. ”
象夫人沉吟片刻，说道：“按照那三段预言，如果第二段真的和撒菲力有关，他从死复活，还弄死了撒尔曼，继承了帝国。但撒菲力……从我们这几天了解的内容来看，除非他换一个灵魂，否则他永远不可能管理好一个国家。我几乎可以想象银月帝国落到他手中后会变成什么样子。”
Madame Elephant pondered for a moment and said, "According to those three prophecies, if the second part is really related to Saphili, he rose from the dead, killed Salman, and inherited the empire. But Saphiri ...... Judging from what we have learned in the past few days, he will never be able to run a country well unless he changes his soul. I can almost imagine what the Silvermoon Empire will look like when it falls into his hands. ”
撒老祖更是撇嘴道：“撒菲力的儿子和孙子我们虽然也没见过，但从你口中了解到的那些事，我也已经不对他们抱以希望。”
Safili even pouted and said, "Although we have never met Saphiri's sons and grandsons, I have lost hope for them from what I have learned from your mouth. ”
象夫人又道：“而从第三段预言来看，雷木应该是想要为父母报仇，他的仇人……我想应该与撒菲力有很大关系。”
Mrs. Xiang said: "Judging from the third prophecy, Lei Mu should be his enemy who wants to avenge his parents...... I think it has a lot to do with Zafiri. ”
撒老祖：“你看，撒菲力害死了自己的兄长和侄女，更有极大可能把国家搞得民不聊生，说不定还害死了雷木的父亲，并继续迫害雷木。那时候就算我们醒着，了解到这些，也不会想要管他们的事情。”
Sa Lao Zu: "You see, Saphiri killed his brother and niece, and it is more likely that he will make the country miserable, and maybe he will also kill Lei Mu's father and continue to persecute Lei Mu." At that time, even if we were awake and learned about this, we would not want to mind their business. ”
象夫人更是对撒菲力厌恶万分：“我之前就觉得撒菲力想要复活的代价不会小，现在从那些布置来看，他果然把整个地宫，包括我和大胆也都算计进去了。当然，他可能不清楚我和大胆的存在，我怀疑那个小畜生甚至不知道那些布置的作用，那个小畜生看起来没这样的脑子。他和外面有联系，那些人手……也不像是他能培养得出来的。”
Madame Elephant was even more disgusted with Saphiri: "I thought that Saphiri's resurrection would not be a small price, but now judging from those arrangements, he really counted the entire underground palace, including me and Daring." Of course, he may not be aware of me and the existence of Daring, and I suspect that the little brute doesn't even know what those arrangements do, and that little brute doesn't seem to have such a brain. He has a connection with the outside, and those people are ...... It's not like he can train it. ”
撒老祖闻言，眼神一寒。如果那个撒菲力或者某个暗中势力，真的在打地宫和他们的主意，他可不想坐着等死！
When Sa Lao Zu heard this, his eyes were cold. If that Saphili or some underworld force is really fighting the dungeon and their ideas, he doesn't want to sit and wait for death!
“春木上国国主伯思圣，那家伙绝对有问题。”王叶立马上眼药：“还有撒菲力的子孙，他们肯定和撒菲力有联系，否则他们哪来那么大胆子敢对大帝的后代下手，还想谋夺继承人的位子？”
"Spring Wood Lord Bo Sisheng, that guy definitely has a problem." Wang Ye immediately took a shot at it: "There are also the descendants of Saphiri, they must have a connection with Saphiri, otherwise how could they be so bold to dare to attack the descendants of the Great Emperor, and still want to seize the position of heir?" ”
二老记下。 The second elder wrote it down.
撒老祖忍笑道：“我前面跟你说让你通知撒尔曼来一趟，现在不用你去通知了，我已经直接托梦给他。对了，鉴于你跟我说了撒菲力子孙一堆坏话，我已经跟他说了，让他把撒菲力的子孙也都带来，我会亲自看看他们是什么样。”
Sa Lao Zu couldn't help but smile and said: "I told you earlier to let you notify Salman to come, but now I don't need you to inform him, I have already directly entrusted the dream to him." By the way, since you have told me a lot of bad things about the sons of Saphiri, I have told him to bring the children of Saphiri, and I will see for myself what they are like. ”
王叶毫不在乎，他说了坏话，但没有一个字假话，只是好奇地问：“他们能进地宫吗？不是说活人不能进地宫吗？”
Wang Ye didn't care, he said bad things, but he didn't say a word of falsehood, he just asked curiously: "Can they enter the underground palace?" Doesn't it mean that the living can't enter the underground palace? ”
“你们不也进来了？”撒老祖似笑非笑，被象夫人瞪了一眼，这才道：“撒家人不需要直接进入地宫，地面上就有祭拜的地方，他们不是在老墓地隔壁又搞了一个新的祭祀宫殿吗，他们过来都会住在那边。”
"Aren't you coming in too?" Sa Lao Zu seemed to be smiling, and was glared at by Mrs. Xiang, and then said: "The Sa family doesn't need to enter the underground palace directly, there is a place to worship on the ground, didn't they build a new sacrificial palace next door to the old cemetery, they will live there when they come." ”
“您可不要告诉他们您要见他们，否则您不一定能见到他们的真实面目。”王叶特意提醒。
"Don't tell them you want to see them, or you won't get to see them for what they really are." Wang Ye specially reminded.
撒老祖斜睨这小坏蛋：“你以为我想不到吗？” Sazu squinted at the little villain: "Do you think I can't think of it? ”
“当然不！老祖，祖奶奶，二位尝尝这道炸醋溜小鱼，别看这鱼小，但酥软可口，还味道酸甜，吃起来特别开胃。”王叶殷勤地奉上刚做好的热乎乎小食。
"Of course not! Ancestor, grandmother, two of you try this fried vinegar slippery fish, don't look at this fish is small, but it is soft and delicious, and the taste is sweet and sour, and it is particularly appetizing to eat. Wang Ye diligently served the hot snacks that had just been made.
两位老祖毫不客气的一人抢过一个盘子，还互相比较了一下对方盘子上的份量。
The two ancestors unceremoniously snatched a plate and compared the amount of each other's plates.
唔，果然酥软可口，吃了还想再吃。 Well, it's really soft and delicious, and I want to eat it again.
大黑悄悄从门边溜进来，扒了扒王叶的腿。 Da Hei quietly slipped in from the door and picked Wang Ye's legs.
王叶踢了它一脚。这个大黑狗可坏了，不知道偷吃了他多少好东西，而且还超强。
Wang Ye kicked it. This big black dog is bad, I don't know how many good things I stole from him, and he is super strong.
王叶对这点最郁闷，他竟然打不过一只狗，还是狗亡灵！
Wang Ye was most depressed about this, he couldn't beat a dog, he was still a dog undead!
美食能让人心情好转，象夫人也不例外。 Food can make people feel better, and Madame Elephant is no exception.
她笑着呵斥大黑，让它不要给王叶捣乱。又漫不经心地道：“如果真的让那小畜生布置成功，把地宫和我们的力量都抽取出去，我们猝不及防下可能真的会受到严重损伤。那时我们就算想要管银月帝国和撒家的事，也无力去管。”
She smiled and scolded Da Hei and told him not to make trouble for Wang Ye. He said casually: "If we really let that little beast be successfully arranged, and the underground palace and our strength are extracted, we may really be seriously injured if we are caught off guard." At that time, even if we wanted to take care of the affairs of the Silver Moon Empire and the Sajia family, we were powerless. ”
王叶了然，想着也许这就是上辈子曾经发生过的事实，这也解释了上辈子二老为什么一直没有出现的原因。
Wang Ye understood, thinking that maybe this was the fact that it had happened in the previous life, which also explained why the second elder had not appeared in the previous life.
王叶推开又靠过来的狗头，敷衍地塞了一根煮过的带肉大骨棒给它。
Wang Ye pushed away the dog's head that leaned over again, and perfunctorily stuffed a boiled big bone stick with meat for it.
大黑闻了闻，很欢乐地摇摇尾巴，咔嚓咔嚓啃起骨头来。
Da Hei sniffed it, wagged his tail happily, and clicked and gnawed on his bones.
金宝对大黑很好奇，跳到它的脑袋上，在它身上爬来爬去。
Campbell was curious about Big Black and jumped on its head and crawled around on it.
大黑似乎很宠孩子，任由金宝拿它当玩具。 Big Black seems to be very fond of the child, and allows Campbell to use it as a toy.
象夫人看着大黑和几个孩子玩耍，眼神里满是温情，她还跟王叶进一步解释道：“我们虽然和地宫没有联系在一起，但我们的尸骨就在这里。如果有人抽取地宫的能量，会把我们的能量也一并抽取过去。”
Madame Elephant watched Da Hei play with a few children, her eyes were full of warmth, and she further explained to Wang Ye: "Although we are not connected to the underground palace, our bones are here. If someone extracts the energy of the dungeon, they will also extract our energy. ”
王叶眨眨眼，祖奶奶直接就把这样的秘密告诉他，是太信任他了吗？
Wang Ye blinked, and grandma directly told him such a secret, did she trust him too much?
象夫人噗嗤笑起来：“我们该谢谢你这个小东西，你提醒了我们很多事情，我们也是懒得烦那些后代，没想到他们某些人会搞出那么多事。我已经把我和大胆还有大黑的尸骨已经转移了，以后就算有人彻底毁了这个地宫，也不会妨碍到我们。”
Madame Elephant sneered: "We should thank you for this little thing, you reminded us of a lot of things, and we were too lazy to bother those offspring, we didn't expect some of them to do so much." I have already transferred the bones of me and Da Da Hei, and even if someone completely destroys this dungeon in the future, it will not hinder us. ”
王叶很夸张地吐了口气：“那就好。” Wang Ye exhaled exaggeratedly: "That's good." ”
撒老祖听说老妻转移了他们的尸骨，也没问转到这里，反正他对这点一点都不担心。
When Sa Laozu heard that his wife had transferred their bones, he didn't ask about transferring them here, anyway, he wasn't worried about this at all.
大黑汪的一声。新的安息地点可是它选的，保证谁也找不到。
There was a big black sound. It chose a new resting place, and no one could find it.
二老这番回答也解开了另外一个让王叶想不通的问题。 The second elder's answer also solved another question that Wang Ye couldn't figure out.
这个问题就是，撒家地宫竟然没有副本！ The problem is, there is no copy in the Sajia Underground Palace!
上辈子他来过银月帝国，也游览过撒家墓地，但那时整个撒家墓地只剩下表面一点建筑，地宫根本无法进入，也没人找到地宫。
In his previous life, he had been to the Silver Moon Empire and had also visited the Sajia cemetery, but at that time, there was only a few buildings left on the surface of the entire Sajia cemetery, and the underground palace could not be entered at all, and no one could find the underground palace.
副本也是没有的。 There are also no copies.
银月帝国只有少数几个地方有副本，还基本都和银月帝国灭亡无关。
There are only a few places in the Silvermoon Empire that have dungeons, and they have nothing to do with the fall of the Silvermoon Empire.
唯一一个和银月帝国牵扯比较深的副本在皇宫。他还去刷过这个副本，可惜的是那个副本也和银月帝国灭亡的秘密无关，甚至没怎么提到皇室，撒尔曼大帝也没有出现，主角是宫廷魔法师，那里也是一个魔法学习点。
The only dungeon that has a deep connection with the Silvermoon Empire is in the Imperial Palace. He also went to brush this dungeon, but unfortunately that dungeon had nothing to do with the secret of the fall of the Silver Moon Empire, and there was not even much mention of the royal family, and Salman the Great did not appear, the protagonist was a court magician, and it was also a magic learning point.
但这个地宫也没有副本就真的很怪异了。 But it's really weird that this dungeon doesn't have a copy either.
王叶猜测，也许这个地宫既关系到塔塔拉族——地宫深处那个传送阵，又关系到魔族——地宫内的祭坛，还关系到二位土地神——他们的尸骨在地宫某处或下方，如此庞大的能量和复杂的计算，恐怕就是游戏系统也会头疼。
Wang Ye guessed that maybe this dungeon was related to the Tatara tribe - the teleportation array in the depths of the dungeon, and the demon clan - the altar in the dungeon, and also related to the two land gods - their bones were somewhere or below the dungeon, such a huge amount of energy and complex calculations, I am afraid that even the game system would have a headache.
也许地宫，游戏系统可以复制，包括那些被困的灵魂。 Maybe the dungeon, the game system can be replicated, including those trapped souls.
可那三个地方，弄起来就麻烦多了。而系统显然是一个有格调有追求的系统，并不想弄个“假货”。也就是说如果有地宫副本出现，那这三个地方必然也都要有的，还要有同样的功能和实力。
But those three places are much more troublesome. And the system is obviously a system with style and pursuit, and does not want to make a "fake". In other words, if there is a copy of the underground palace, then these three places must also have them, and they must have the same functions and strength.
可塔塔拉族的那位默林和被召唤来的魔族，他们愿意配合系统留下自己的记忆、感情乃至精神复制体吗？
But the Merlin of the Tatara clan and the summoned demons, are they willing to cooperate with the system to leave their own memories, feelings, and even spiritual replicas?
显然不可能。 Apparently impossible.
所以明明是个发生过重大事件的名地，可这里却没有副本。
So it's obviously a famous place where major events have happened, but there are no copies here.
上辈子不知多少玩家来这里寻找过，大家都认为这样一个“名胜古迹”，不可能没有副本存在，总觉得有什么特殊的触发条件，而这样的副本肯定也好处多多，可惜直到王叶死亡那一天，也没谁发现这里有副本。
In my previous life, I don't know how many players have come here to look for it, everyone thinks that such a "place of interest", it is impossible for a copy to exist, and I always feel that there are some special trigger conditions, and such a copy must also have a lot of benefits, but unfortunately until the day Wang Ye died, no one found that there was a copy here.
之后几天，王叶又从二老口中陆陆续续了解到银月第一代国王撒洛特和魔族签订契约的详细，以及地宫里那些被困被惩罚的灵魂是怎么回事。
In the next few days, Wang Ye learned from the second elder one after another the details of the contract signed between the first king of Silver Moon, Salot, and the demons, as well as what happened to the trapped and punished souls in the underground palace.
王叶甚至知道了为什么唯有银月继承人能寿终正寝的秘密。
另一头，撒尔曼已经带着撒埃德父子俩来到家族墓地的祭祀宫殿。
On the other side, Salman had already taken Saeed and his son to the sacrificial palace in the family cemetery.
讲真，撒尔曼自收到老祖的托梦到现在，都还在怀疑那是否真的是老祖托梦。
To tell the truth, since Salman received the dream from the ancestor, he is still doubting whether it is really the dream of the ancestor.
但如果不是托梦，他怎么可能把梦境中的对话记得一清二楚，而且那股侵入他精神海的精神能量非常明显，但又没有半点恶意。
But if it wasn't for the dream, how could he remember the conversation in the dream clearly, and the spiritual energy that invaded his spiritual sea was very obvious, but there was no malice.
老祖跟他说完想说的，还摸了摸他的头，夸奖他做得很好，尤其夸奖他教出了两个好孩子雷木和小叶子。
After the ancestor finished talking to him what he wanted to say, he also touched his head and praised him for doing a good job, especially for teaching two good children, Lei Mu and Xiao Yezi.
撒尔曼就是在被摸头和夸奖后被惊醒的。 Salman was awakened after being touched on the head and complimented.
摸头夸奖什么的，这对大帝来说真的是滋味难言。 Touching his head and complimenting something, this is really a taste for the emperor.
但老祖怎么知道雷木和小叶子的？而且还一副特别喜欢的口吻？
But how did the ancestor know about Lei Mu and Xiao Ye's? And a particularly favorite tone?
撒尔曼一头雾水。 Salman was confused.
而老祖跟他交代的事则是让他把所有撒家后代都带到墓地来，最奇特的是还包括昏睡中的月琴。
And what the ancestor explained to him was to ask him to bring all the descendants of the Sa family to the cemetery, and the most peculiar thing was that it also included the sleeping Yueqin.
老祖说是他这次醒来发现时间过去了很久，因为很满意他为他建造的猎人木屋，所以决定见见所有撒家血脉。并让他不要告诉其他人，只说去祭祀祖先就可以。
The ancestor said that he woke up this time to find that a long time had passed, and because he was very satisfied with the hunter's cabin he had built for him, he decided to meet all the bloodlines of the Sajia family. And let him not tell anyone else, just say that it is okay to go and sacrifice to the ancestors.
撒尔曼感到了怪异，但老祖想要见子孙后代似乎也很正常？
Salman felt weird, but it seemed normal for the Ancestor to want to see his offspring?
可为什么对方还想见月琴，并知道月琴昏睡不醒一事？ But why does the other party still want to see Yueqin and know that Yueqin is unconscious?
最奇特的是，他没想到这位老祖竟然真的还存在，还醒来了！
The most peculiar thing is that he didn't expect that this ancestor really still existed and woke up!
是的，他知道他们家族墓地埋着一位最老的老祖，时间都可以追溯到近两千年前。
Yes, he knew that their family cemetery was buried with one of the oldest ancestors, dating back nearly two thousand years.
也有传说说这位老祖并没有真正消失，他转变成了亡灵，一直生活在墓地中。
There is also a legend that this ancestor did not really disappear, he turned into an undead and lived in the cemetery all the time.
但见过这位老祖亡灵的撒家人并不多，撒尔曼就没见过，他只是听他父王提起过。
But there are not many people who have seen the undead spirit of this ancestor, and Salman has not seen it, he has only heard his father mention it.
而他会给这位老祖在地宫中修建木屋，只是他想处理一批人。他找了个理由，把这些人派遣到地宫，让他们建造木屋，说建造得好，就让他们活命，建造得不好，就处死他们。
And he will build a wooden house for this ancestor in the underground palace, but he wants to deal with a group of people. He found a reason, sent these people to the underground palace, asked them to build wooden houses, said that if they were well built, they would be allowed to live, and if they were not built well, they would be executed.
这些人虽然没有几个盖过房子，但这次干活却很卖力。 Although few of these people had never built a house, they worked very hard this time.
等房子盖好，撒尔曼非常无耻地随便就找出一堆不满意的地方，然后就把这些人喂给了地宫。
When the house was built, Salman shamelessly found a bunch of unsatisfactory places at random, and then fed these people to the dungeon.
没想到这个木屋竟然成了老祖表扬他的根由…… Unexpectedly, this wooden house turned out to be the root cause of the ancestor to praise him......
撒尔曼想来想去，想不出所以然，对这位老祖也有些警惕，但他还是按照对方要求，把所有他能联系得上的撒家后代都带来了。
Salman thought about it, couldn't think of a reason, and was a little wary of this ancestor, but he still brought all the descendants of the Sajia family that he could contact according to the other party's request.
他想趁此机会，把撒埃德父子俩给处理了，首先就是找个错处，剥夺他们的贵族身份。那么还有什么是在祖先面前失礼和大不敬更好的理由呢？
He wanted to take this opportunity to deal with the Saeed father and son, first of all, to find a mistake and deprive them of their nobility. So what better reason to be rude and disrespectful in front of your ancestors?
而想要那对父子犯错，对于撒尔曼来说，简直太容易了。
And it was too easy for Salman to make a mistake between father and son.
撒尔曼带来的撒家血脉，除了月琴，和撒埃德父子俩，剩下的都是远亲。
The Sajia bloodline brought by Salman, except for Yueqin and Saed's father and son, the rest are distant relatives.
稍微近一点的，有他父亲的兄弟姐妹的孩子。 A little closer, there were the children of his father's siblings.
远一点的，就是他祖父那一辈的兄弟姐妹的孩子。 A little farther away were the children of his grandfather's siblings.
再往上的，除非自身发展不错，能让他记住的，否则基本就没有了。
Further up, unless his own development is good and he can remember it, there is basically nothing.
而这些撒家后代无一例外都有一个特点，那就是年轻。 And these descendants of the Sajia family, without exception, have one characteristic, that is, they are young.
撒家血脉一大特点，那就是特别容易早死，无论男女。 One of the major characteristics of the Sajia bloodline is that it is particularly easy to die early, regardless of gender.
如果是超凡者，说不定还能活个一百多年。普通人的话能活到四十多，都算是长寿的。
If you are an extraordinary person, you may be able to live for more than a hundred years. If an ordinary person can live to more than forty, he can be regarded as a long life.
其实对于撒尔曼来说，亲戚们死得早对他反而是件好事。应该说对历代国王都是一件好事。
In fact, for Salman, the early death of his relatives is a good thing for him. It should be said that it was a good thing for successive kings.
撒尔曼做到大帝的位子后，才明白为什么第一代国王撒洛特要和魔族签订那样的契约，也许在当时的撒洛特看来，这个契约对于历代国王只有利没有弊。
After Salman achieved the position of the Emperor, he understood why the first king Salotte signed such a contract with the demons, perhaps in the eyes of Salotte at that time, this contract had only advantages and no disadvantages for the kings of the past.
旁系都死得早，想要争权夺利也没那个时间安排，想要培育后代，可能后代还没长起来，父母就先死了。
The collateral family all died early, and if they wanted to fight for power and profit, they didn't have that time arrangement, and if they wanted to cultivate offspring, maybe the offspring would die before they grew up.
而这些人早死，就会空出他们的贵族头衔和封地，给历代国王不知省了多少钱和土地。
And the early death of these people will vacate their noble titles and fiefs, and the kings of successive generations will not know how much money and land will be saved.
所以撒家旁系要么结婚极早，他们的生命意义就在于创造后代。要么就是不想结婚生孩子，不想把这个早死的像是受到诅咒的血脉再传下去。
Therefore, the Saga family members either marry very early, and the meaning of their lives is to create offspring. Either they just don't want to get married and have children, and they don't want to pass on this cursed bloodline that died early.
如此两相抵消，撒家旁系后代也不算多，全部加起来也不过才十一个人，其中一半还不姓撒。
In this way, the two offsets each other, and there are not many descendants of the Sa family, and all of them add up to only eleven people, and half of them are not surnamed Sa.
除了撒家后代，撒尔曼把大臣和贵族们也带来不少。 In addition to the descendants of the Saga family, Salman also brought a lot of ministers and nobles.
而在诸位大臣、贵族和撒家血脉眼中，这次祭祀超大型、超郑重，甚至有人私底下传言这次祭祀涉及到帝位继承权。
In the eyes of the ministers, nobles and Sajia bloodline, this sacrifice is super large and solemn, and some people even privately rumored that this sacrifice involves the right to inherit the throne.
虽然大帝已经明宣布过他的继承人，还给了那两位他们至今没有见过面的继承人正式的王子身份。
但人只要还没出现，也还没有正式的仪式，大臣和贵族们就觉得总还差些什么。
But as long as people have not appeared, and there has been no formal ceremony, the ministers and nobles feel that there is still something missing.
第307章 雷木醒来 Chapter 307: Lei Mu wakes up
正在做菜的王叶突然把锅铲一扔，转头就往身后跑。
木屋一角，雷木缓缓睁开了眼睛。 In the corner of the wooden house, Lei Mu slowly opened his eyes.
小木木消失了，不，应该说归位了。 Xiao Mumu is gone, no, it should be said that it has returned to its place.
“叶子。”雷木看到扑到他面前的王叶，嘴角弯起。 "Leaves." Lei Mu saw Wang Ye who pounced in front of him, and the corners of his mouth curled.
王叶伸手。 Wang Ye stretched out his hand.
雷木借着他的手，直接从地上跳了起来。 With his hand, Remu jumped up directly from the ground.
“你怎么样？”王叶焦急又期待地问。 "How are you?" Wang Ye asked anxiously and expectantly.
雷木看王叶的眼神非常……怎么说呢，就像是看到了童年时代的好友，又像是见到虚幻的好友变成了真人，他还伸手摸了摸王叶的头。
Lei Mu looked at Wang Ye with a very ...... look How to say it, it was like seeing a friend from his childhood, and it was like seeing an illusory friend become a real person, and he also reached out and touched Wang Ye's head.
“小叶子，我有没有说过，认识你真好。” "Xiao Yezi, did I say that it's good to know you."
王叶无比开心：“你现在说了，以后也可以多多说。” Wang Ye was extremely happy: "You said it now, and you can say more in the future." ”
雷木笑起来，弯下身用力拥抱了王小叶：“谢谢你愿意照顾我，我是说小时候的我。如果那时候真的能遇到你就好了。小木木很喜欢你，他很高兴能遇到你，遇到你是他目前为止有意识以来最快乐的事。”
Lei Mu laughed, bent down and hugged Wang Xiaoye hard: "Thank you for being willing to take care of me, I mean me when I was a child." If only I could meet you at that time. Xiao Mumu likes you very much, he is very happy to meet you, and meeting you is the happiest thing he has ever consciously done so far. ”
王叶对小木木也有些难以忘怀，虽然他知道那就是雷木本人，可是……多少还是有那么一点遗憾。
Wang Ye also had some unforgettable memories of Xiao Mumu, although he knew that it was Lei Mu himself, but ...... There are still some regrets.
“你想要小木木真正的存在吗？”雷木忽然问。 "Do you want Komumu to really exist?" Lei Mu asked suddenly.
王叶惊讶，“怎么？小木木还在？” Wang Ye was surprised, "What? Is Xiao Mumu still there? ”
雷木笑，点了点头。 Remu smiled and nodded.
他合魂后才发现小木木已经有了一点主观意识，原本他可以把小木木的意识全部吞没，但他迟疑了，最后他选择保存了小木木那点意识。
After he merged his soul, he found that Xiao Mumu already had a little subjective consciousness, and he could have swallowed all of Xiao Mumu's consciousness, but he hesitated, and finally he chose to save Xiao Mumu's consciousness.
现在小木木的那一点点意识就沉睡在他的精神核中，被他蕴养着。
Now Xiao Mumu's little consciousness is sleeping in his spiritual core, and it is nurtured by him.
现在的小木木还没有完整的魂体，想要把这点分魂养成完整魂体需要很长很长时间，当然如果以后要是遇到合适的机缘，也许这个时间会缩短一些。
The current Xiao Mumu does not have a complete soul body, and it will take a long, long time to cultivate this little bit of soul into a complete soul body, of course, if he encounters the right opportunity in the future, maybe this time will be shortened.
王叶听到雷木这么说，就决定留意相关材料，不过他更在意的是：“你没有把小木木完全吸收，那么你的魂魄？”
When Wang Ye heard Lei Mu say this, he decided to pay attention to the relevant materials, but he was more concerned: "You didn't completely absorb Xiao Mumu, so your soul?" ”
“我的魂魄已经完整。我保留的只是小木木的单独意识，就像是……你们那边的电脑程序生出了灵魂一般，你可以把那个灵魂单独分离出来，但电脑程序你依然可以使用。”雷木一本正经地道。
"My soul is complete. All I keep is Xiao Mumu's separate consciousness, like ...... Your computer program gives birth to a soul, and you can separate that soul from it, but you can still use the computer program. "Lei Mu is serious.
王叶哈哈笑，听雷木拿地球那边的东西做比喻，真的太有意思了。
Wang Ye laughed, it was really interesting to listen to Lei Mu use the analogy of things on the other side of the earth.
“那根骨头你也吸收了？”王叶又问。 "You also absorbed that bone?" Wang Ye asked again.
雷木再次点头，含笑道：“其实我那根骨头已经重新长出来，不过收回旧的这根也不亏，我身体直接吸收了。”
Lei Mu nodded again and said with a smile: "Actually, my bone has grown back, but it is not a loss to take back the old one, my body directly absorbs it." ”
“我帮你看看身体和精神海。”王叶还是不放心，伸手握住雷木手腕，把因果之力送入他体内，给他仔细检查。
"I'll help you look at the physical and mental sea." Wang Ye was still not at ease, so he reached out and grabbed Lei Mu's wrist, sent the power of cause and effect into his body, and examined him carefully.
途中，雷木还能分心二用，抬手揉揉王叶的脑袋，问：“我合魂花了多长时间？这段时间你都待在这里？和两位老祖处得怎么样？”
On the way, Lei Mu was still distracted, raised his hand to rub Wang Ye's head, and asked, "How long did it take me to merge my soul?" You're all here all this time? How are you getting along with the two ancestors? ”
“很好。”王叶检查了一遍没发现问题，但他想到自己以前帮雷木检查也没查出问题，结果呢？就更加仔细地又检查了一遍。
"Good." Wang Ye checked it and didn't find a problem, but he thought that he had helped Lei Mu check it before and didn't find a problem, what was the result? I checked it more carefully.
雷木很耐心地等着。 Raimu waited patiently.
等到王叶放开他的手腕，他才问：“你有没有请教两位老祖，这边祭坛和魔族契约的事？”
It wasn't until Wang Ye let go of his wrist that he asked, "Have you asked the two ancestors about the altar and the demon contract here?" ”
“有。”王叶最终没查出雷木有什么问题，只感觉他现在健康得不得了，包括他的精神核和精神海，也稳定无比，一点都不像刚刚合魂的人。
"Yes." In the end, Wang Ye didn't find out what was wrong with Lei Mu, he only felt that he was very healthy now, including his spiritual core and spiritual sea, which were also extremely stable, not at all like the person who had just merged with his soul.
王叶把雷木拉到桌边，先拿出一堆食物：“你七八天没吃东西了，你先填填肚子，我慢慢跟你说。”
Wang Ye pulled Lei Mu to the table and took out a bunch of food first: "You haven't eaten for seven or eight days, you fill your stomach first, and I'll tell you slowly." ”
雷木正好也饿了，他跟王叶也用不着客气，拿起勺子先喝王叶推过来的米汤。
Lei Mu happened to be hungry too, and he didn't need to be polite with Wang Ye, so he picked up the spoon and drank the rice soup pushed by Wang Ye first.
王叶就在一边跟他说了撒老祖告诉他的秘辛。
“事情前半段跟我们之前推测得差不多。那位国王陛下不满默林给他提供的药剂，觉得和他期待相差太多，就暗中又布置献祭魔法阵，献祭了九十九个灵魂请魔族降临。”
"The first half of the story was pretty much what we had guessed. His Majesty was dissatisfied with the potion provided to him by Merlin, and felt that it was too different from his expectations, so he secretly arranged a sacrificial magic array, sacrificing ninety-nine souls to invite the demons to come. ”
“而魔族也真的来了，虽然只是一个虚影。撒洛特和那个魔族讨价还价，最后双方签订了一份契约。撒老祖从撒洛特的陪葬物里找到了那份写在魔兽皮上的契约，才知道撒洛特都跟魔族契约了什么。”
"And the demons are really here, although only a phantom. Salotte bargained with the demon, and in the end the two parties signed a contract. Sarote found the contract written on the skin of the demon beast from Salote's burial object, and only then did he know what Salotte had contracted with the demons. ”
“是什么？”雷木抽空问。 "What is it?" Raimu took a moment to ask.
王叶吐气：“撒洛特答应，当后代的最佳生育期过后，魔族就可以取走他们的生命。而魔族则答应额外延长撒洛特两百年的寿命。这个契约原本到此结束，但后来撒洛特发现他的继承人都是过了四十岁就各种暴病，超凡者稍微好一些，他大概是后悔了，怕银月帝国就此完蛋，又去联系那魔族，额外给契约加了一条，就是要保证王位继承人的正常寿命。”
Wang Ye exhaled: "Salotte promised that when the best fertility period of the offspring has passed, the demon clan can take their lives." The demons promised to extend Salot's lifespan for an additional two hundred years. This contract was originally over here, but later Sallot found out that his heirs were all over forty years old and had all kinds of violent diseases, and the transcendent ones were slightly better, he probably regretted it, afraid that the Silver Moon Empire would be finished, and went to contact the demon clan again, and added an extra article to the contract, which is to ensure the normal life span of the heir to the throne. ”
“魔族应该不会平白给他加上这条吧？” "The demons shouldn't add this to him for nothing, right?"
“当然不可能。魔族要求一旦新王即位，必须献祭至少三百条灵魂给他，同时还要求修建地宫和祭台，并明令撒家人不能插手地宫诸事。”
"Of course not. The demons demanded that once the new king ascended the throne, at least 300 souls must be sacrificed to him, and at the same time, they also demanded the construction of an underground palace and a sacrificial platform, and explicitly ordered that the Sajia family could not interfere in the affairs of the underground palace. ”
雷木吃惊：“三百条灵魂？” Lei Mu was surprised: "Three hundred souls? ”
王叶撇嘴：“那些国王为了长命，哪会在乎别人的性命和灵魂。有点底线的国王会选择三百罪大恶极之人，或者选择敌国俘虏，没有底线的那就随便抓人了。”
Wang Ye pouted: "Those kings care about other people's lives and souls in order to live a long life." The king who has a bottom line will choose the three hundred people who have committed the most heinous crimes, or choose the enemy to take prisoners, and if there is no bottom line, he will arrest people casually. ”
雷木恍然：“怪不得地宫里面那么多灵魂，那些被惩罚的灵魂大约就是被献祭的灵魂了。”
Lei Mu suddenly said: "No wonder there are so many souls in the dungeon, those who are punished are probably the souls that have been sacrificed." ”
“没错，撒老祖还告诉我，有几代国王还特别喜欢把额外数量的敌人俘虏、罪犯、得罪他们的贵族等，带到地宫祭坛处死献祭，以此跟魔族换取一些好处。不过那魔族后来越来越吝啬，要求也越来越高，几次要求那些国王对地宫进行改造，由那魔族出建筑图和魔法阵。地宫才会逐渐变成现在那个变态的惩罚地。”
"That's right, Sa's ancestor also told me that there are several generations of kings who are particularly fond of taking an extra number of enemy captives, criminals, and nobles who have offended them to the altar of the underground palace to be sacrificed and sacrificed, in exchange for some benefits from the demons. However, the demon clan became more and more stingy later, and the requirements became higher and higher, and several times asked those kings to transform the underground palace, and the demon clan produced architectural drawings and magic arrays. The dungeon will gradually become the perverted punishment place now. ”
王叶忽然冷笑：“除此之外，那位第一代国王陛下还在契约上要求了一件事，他希望死后转化成亡灵。”
Wang Ye suddenly sneered: "In addition, His Majesty the First King also asked for one thing in the contract, he hopes to transform into an undead spirit after death. ”
雷木：“啊！” Remu: "Ah! ”
“那魔族同意了，但他要求撒家后代死后，灵魂必须都待在地宫。撒洛特只想着自己，竟然同意了这条交换要求。等到撒洛特死后才发现，他确实变成亡灵了，但他也没办法离开地宫。那魔族钻了语言空子，毕竟撒洛特也是撒家后代。”王叶真心同情撒家后代，虽然撒洛特给撒家带来了荣誉，但也相当于把他们的一生都毁了。
The demon agreed, but he demanded that after the death of the descendants of the Sajia family, the souls must stay in the underground palace. Thinking only of himself, Salotte agreed to this exchange request. It wasn't until after Salot's death that he found out that he had indeed become an undead, but he couldn't leave the dungeon. The demon clan took advantage of the language loophole, after all, Salotte is also a descendant of the Saga family. "Wang Ye sincerely sympathizes with the descendants of the Sa family, although Salotte has brought honor to the Sa family, it is equivalent to ruining their lives.
唯有王位继承者，看似还能正常地活一辈子，可死后同样被控制了。
Only the heir to the throne seems to be able to live a normal life, but after death, he is also controlled.
人家是一坑坑一家，这位撒洛特国王是一坑坑全血脉，还连续坑上数千年。
The family is a pit and a family, and this king of Salotte is a pit with a pit and a whole bloodline, and it has been pit for thousands of years.
“撒家后代唯一比那些献祭的灵魂好一些的是，他们可以表面上活得很体面，就比如那个宴会厅里的亡灵们。而灵寂之地的历代国王们待遇则更好一些，他们可以保留他们的侍卫和奴隶，甚至是妻妾的灵魂。但是！”
"The only thing that the descendants of the Saga are better than the sacrificial souls is that they can live a decent life on the surface, like the undead in that banquet hall. The kings of the Silent Lands were treated better, keeping the souls of their guards and slaves, and even their wives and concubines. But! ”
“意识活着却无法离开地宫，也无法吃到美酒佳肴，更无法真正的享受美人，这对那些贵族来说，还不如让他们死了算了。尤其那魔族还偷偷传下了吞噬灵魂可以提升自己的方法。”
"The consciousness is alive but can't leave the dungeon, can't eat delicious food and wine, and can't really enjoy the beauty, for those nobles, it's better to let them die. In particular, the demon clan also secretly passed down the method of devouring souls to improve themselves. ”
王叶真的很佩服那个魔族，怎么会想出那么多折磨人的手法。
Wang Ye really admired that demon clan, how could he come up with so many torture methods.
雷木也是叹为观止。不过不是对那个魔族，而是对撒洛特。这位简直自私到家了，完全只想着自己一个人，最后还被那魔族给耍了。
“不知道撒洛特发现自己被困在地宫时，是不是气疯了？”
"I wonder if Salotte was mad when she found herself trapped in the dungeon?"
王叶无情地笑：“换了谁，谁都会疯，何况那位。” Wang Ye smiled mercilessly: "Whoever is replaced, everyone will go crazy, let alone that one." ”
王叶看雷木吃得差不多，摆摆手道：“不说那个老家伙了。木木，你现在有没有要觉醒的感觉？”
Wang Ye saw that Lei Mu was eating about the same, waved his hand and said, "Don't talk about that old guy." Mumu, do you have any feelings about awakening now? ”
“觉醒？唔，我明白你的意思了，我想要进入觉醒阶段，大概还需要一样东西。”雷木笑道。
"Awakening? Hmm, I see what you mean, I probably need one more thing if I want to get to the awakening stage. Remu laughed.
王叶立刻问：“是什么？” Wang Ye immediately asked, "What is it?" ”
“是一道封印。”雷木指了指自己的大脑，“我们得去灵寂之地一趟。你也看到了，分魂的时候我还小，那时候我还没有碰到默林，实际上如果不是分魂，并用了我一节骨头代替，我也不可能离开地宫传送到塔塔拉族的飞船。”
"It's a seal." Remu pointed to his brain, "We need to go to the Silent Lands." As you can see, I was still young when I split my soul, and I hadn't met Merlin at that time, in fact, if it wasn't for the split soul and used one of my bones instead, I wouldn't have been able to leave the dungeon and teleport to the Tatara spaceship. ”
“有人帮助了你？”王叶在说到“帮助”这个词时皱了皱眉，他为什么会觉得当时帮雷木想出这个方法的人不怀好意？
"Someone helped you?" Wang Ye frowned when he said the word "help", why did he think that the person who helped Lei Mu come up with this method at that time had bad intentions?
雷木眼中也流露出一丝说不出是什么意味的情绪：“是啊，有人帮助了我。”
Lei Mu's eyes also showed a trace of emotion that couldn't tell what it meant: "Yes, someone helped me." ”
“这个人在灵寂之地？他是谁？”王叶一看雷木的表情，就知道他的直觉没错，这个帮助真的有问题。
"This man is in the Land of Silence? Who is he? As soon as Wang Ye saw Lei Mu's expression, he knew that his intuition was right, and there was really something wrong with this help.
雷木正要说话，撒老祖的声音突然冒出：“哟，醒了？看样子合魂还挺顺利，没白浪费老祖我拿出的那些好东西。”
Lei Mu was about to speak, when Sa Lao Zu's voice suddenly came out: "Yo, wake up?" It seems that the soul merger is quite smooth, and I didn't waste the good things that Ancestor I took out in vain. ”
雷木立刻起身对撒老祖行礼：“多谢老祖恩赐。” Lei Mu immediately stood up and saluted to Sa's ancestor: "Thank you for your kindness. ”
撒老祖这几天见惯了不正经的王叶，突然见到礼貌的雷木，还有点不习惯。
Sa Lao Zu has been accustomed to seeing the immodest Wang Ye in the past few days, and he is still a little unaccustomed to seeing the polite Lei Mu.
“你们接下来要做什么？去解除守墓人契约？”撒老祖摸摸下巴问。
"What are you going to do next? To break the grave keeper contract? Sa Lao Zu touched his chin and asked.
雷木和王叶互看，雷木点头：“是。” Lei Mu and Wang Ye looked at each other, and Lei Mu nodded: "Yes." ”
“知道要怎么解除吗？”撒老祖看到桌上摆着的几个食盒，脸上露出了笑容。
"Do you know how to get rid of it?" Sa Lao Zu saw a few food boxes on the table, and a smile appeared on his face.
“知道。” "Yes."
“哦？说说看你知道的方法。”撒老祖挨个收起木盒。 "Oh? Tell me how you know it. Sa's ancestor put away the wooden boxes one by one.
雷木迟疑了一下，回答：“晚辈目前只知道两个方法，一个是找替代者，还有一个……”
Lei Mu hesitated for a moment and replied: "The juniors only know two methods at present, one is to find a replacement, and the other is ......."
“毁掉地宫，对吗？”撒老祖头都没抬地说出答案。 "Destroy the dungeon, right?" Old Ancestor Sa didn't even raise his head to say the answer.
王叶心中一惊。 Wang Ye was shocked.
雷木抿唇，没有否认。 Lei Mu pursed his lips and did not deny it.
撒老祖看向两个晚辈，笑起来：“怎么，怕我生气？你们想错了，我和你们祖奶奶并不喜欢这个地宫，这个地宫也不是我们要求建的。更讨厌的是，这个地宫还正好建在我们俩的坟墓上方，你说当初建造地宫的不肖子孙有多讨厌？”
Sa Lao Zu looked at the two juniors and laughed: "What, are you afraid that I will be angry?" You're wrong, your grandmother and I don't like this dungeon, and we didn't ask for it. What's even more annoying is that this underground palace is also built right above the graves of the two of us, how annoying do you say the unscrupulous descendants who built the underground palace in the first place? ”
王叶眨眼：“那么我们毁了它，二位不反对？” Wang Ye blinked: "Then we ruined it, and the two of you don't object?" ”
“毁了就毁了呗，反正我们的尸骨也已经转移，而且这个破地宫，我和你们祖奶奶早就看烦了。也只有那些脑子有屎的魔族才能想出那么多变态的折磨灵魂的方法，还说这样调制出来的灵魂最为美味，简直恶心死我们了！要不是我们也没办法彻底消灭那些灵魂，这地宫早就给我们毁了。”
"If it's destroyed, it's ruined, anyway, our bones have been transferred, and this broken underground palace, your grandmother and I have long been tired of it. Only those demons with shit brains can come up with so many perverted methods to torture souls, and say that the souls concocted in this way are the most delicious, which is disgusting to death! If we hadn't been able to completely destroy those souls, this dungeon would have been destroyed for us a long time ago. ”
“更何况现在还有一个蠢货在地宫里捣鬼，想要利用地宫的能量来成全自己。这样的地宫留着也是祸害！”
"What's more, there is still a fool in the dungeon now, wanting to use the energy of the dungeon to fulfill himself. It is also a scourge to keep such a dungeon! ”
撒老祖说到这里，又对王叶道：“我听说你在宴会厅那边彻底消灭了不少幽灵？你能让他们真正安息？”
When Sa Lao Zu said this, he said to Wang Ye again: "I heard that you completely eliminated a lot of ghosts in the banquet hall?" Can you give them a real rest? ”
王叶耸肩：“如果他们以后也不会出现，那也许能吧。”
撒老祖若有所思地道：“看来你的能力有点特殊，你使用的不是魔法对吗？是你的异术？另外一种能量？”
Sa Lao Zu said thoughtfully: "It seems that your ability is a bit special, you don't use magic, right?" Is it your magic? Another kind of energy? ”
“对。” "Yes."
撒老祖也没有打破砂锅问到底，事关自身异术，没人会轻易把自己的底细暴露给别人，别人也不会随便询问。
Sa Lao Zu didn't break the casserole and ask to the end, it was a matter of his own magic, no one would easily expose his details to others, and others would not ask casually.
“既然你有这个本事，你们说不定倒真的可以毁掉这个地宫，不过想要毁掉地宫，你们还得解决一个地方。”
"Since you have this ability, you may really be able to destroy this dungeon, but if you want to destroy the dungeon, you still have to solve a place."
王叶：“魔族祭坛？” Wang Ye: "Demon altar? ”
“对。” "Yes."
王叶沉吟片刻，道：“老祖，我们等会儿要先走一趟灵寂之地，雷木还有一道封印没有解除，是当初帮助他分魂的人给他下的封印，对方就在灵寂之地。您对此有什么指点吗？”
Wang Ye pondered for a moment and said, "Ancestor, we will go to the Land of Silence first, Lei Mu still has a seal that has not been lifted, it was the seal given to him by the person who helped him divide his soul, and the other party is in the Land of Silence." Do you have any advice on this? ”
“帮你分魂的人？灵寂之地有这么好心的家伙？”撒老祖一脸不可思议。
"Someone who helped you distract your soul? Is there such a kind guy in the Land of Silence? Sa Lao Zu's face was incredible.
雷木一脸无奈地说道：“他说他是我的祖先，叫撒洛特。”
Lei Mu said helplessly: "He said that he is my ancestor, his name is Salot. ”
王叶腾地看向雷木。 Wang Ye looked at Lei Mu Teng.
雷木：“别这么看我，我那时又不知道他就是银月第一代国王，更不知道他就是害了撒家所有后代的老自私鬼，我还以为我碰到了一个好心的老爷爷。”
Lei Mu: "Don't look at me like that, I didn't know that he was the first king of Silvermoon at that time, and I didn't know that he was the old selfish ghost who harmed all the descendants of the Sa family, I thought I had met a kind old man." ”
“撒洛特？好心的老爷爷？”撒老祖喷笑。
雷木：“……”
“这是你遗失的记忆之一？”王叶也知道这事怨不得雷木，雷木那时那么小，谁要是对他好一点，他能不上当？
"Is this one of your lost memories?" Wang Ye also knew that he couldn't complain about Lei Mu, Lei Mu was so young at that time, if anyone treated him better, he wouldn't be fooled?
雷木沉默点头。 Remu nodded silently.
王叶眼珠一转，蹿到撒老祖面前，嫑脸地扯袖子哀求：“老祖，您可要帮帮我们！那可是第一代国王撒洛特，他现在一定很强大吧？我们打不过他怎么办？而且木木还被他封印了，还得靠他解除封印，如果他对木木包藏祸心怎么办？如果他不肯给木木解除封印怎么办？老祖~”
Wang Ye rolled his eyes, jumped in front of Sa Lao Zu, pulled his sleeves with a sly face and begged: "Old Ancestor, you can help us!" That's the first king Salot, he must be strong now, right? What if we can't beat him? And Mu Mu was still sealed by him, and he had to rely on him to lift the seal, what if he harbored evil intentions for Mu Mu? What if he refuses to lift the seal on Mumu? Ancestor~"
撒老祖被王叶求得头疼：“你想我怎么样？去打他一顿吗？”
Sa Lao Zu was asked by Wang Ye to have a headache: "What do you want me to do?" Are you going to beat him up? ”
王叶：对，我就是这个意思。您来陪我们过去，就是对那些后代国王的最大威胁！
Wang Ye: Yes, that's what I mean. You have come with us, you are the greatest threat to those future kings!
撒老祖摇头：“没用。撒洛特早就疯了，他很早以前就被我和你们祖奶奶关到了灵寂之地的囚牢里。强迫他、威胁他，只会让他疯得更厉害。”
Sa Lao Zu shook his head: "It's useless." Salotte has long been insane, he was imprisoned in the Silent Lands by me and your grandmother a long time ago. Forcing him and threatening him will only make him even more insane. ”
撒老祖又冲着雷木道：“我说你这是什么运气？摸到灵寂之地也就算了，竟然还能摸到那些疯子待的囚牢，还跟撒洛特有了牵连。你啊，也是个命运多舛的小家伙。”
Sa Lao Zu said to Lei Mu again: "I said, what kind of luck are you? Even if you touch the place of silence, you can even touch the prison where those crazy people are staying, and you are also involved with Salot. You're a ill-fated little fellow, too. ”
雷木面无表情地想：是啊，上辈子我还变成傀儡了，还早死。还有人比我命运更多舛吗？
Lei Mu thought expressionlessly: Yes, I became a puppet in my last life, and I died early. Is there anyone more ill-fated than me?
这就是雷木不知道他在变成傀儡前发生了什么事，否则他就不只是用命运多舛来形容自己了。
That's why Reimu doesn't know what happened to him before he became a puppet, otherwise he wouldn't just describe himself as ill-fated.
“疯子和囚牢是怎么回事？”王叶听撒老祖跟他说了撒洛特跟魔族契约的详细，却没听老祖跟他提撒洛特死后的事情。
"What's the deal with madmen and prisons?" Wang Ye heard Salote tell him the details of Salot's contract with the demons, but he didn't hear what happened after Salot's death from Ancestor to him.
撒老祖想想，觉得也没什么好隐瞒的，就跟两个孩子说道：“变成亡灵以后，想要迅速强大起来，有一个最简单的方法，就是吞噬别的亡灵和灵魂。但这种事并不可取，也是被严令禁止的。”
After thinking about it, Sa Lao Zu felt that there was nothing to hide, so he said to the two children: "After becoming an undead, if you want to become strong quickly, there is one easiest way to become strong, which is to devour other undead and souls. But this kind of thing is not desirable and is strictly forbidden. ”
“我们双月星人和魔族不同，魔族吞噬灵魂就跟吃饭一样，但我们吸收他人灵魂，却会造成记忆错乱、感情错乱，还会累积大量的负面能量。吸收得越多，情况越糟糕，到最后都不能保留自己的意识，全都变得跟疯子一样。”
"Our Twin Moon Star people are different from the demons, the demons devour souls are like eating, but when we absorb the souls of others, it will cause confusion in memory, confusion in feelings, and the accumulation of a lot of negative energy. The more you absorb it, the worse it gets, and in the end, you can't keep your consciousness, and you all become like crazy. ”
撒老祖叹息：“这些家伙被我们关到灵寂之地的囚牢里后，偶尔也会有清醒的时候。但大多数时候他们都处在疯狂状态下，而吞噬和吸收灵魂会上瘾，就跟吃人肉一样，一旦你开了禁，自己又无法克制好自己，那么你只会吃了还想再吃。”
Sa Lao Zu sighed: "After these guys were imprisoned in the Silent Land by us, they occasionally had a time to wake up. But most of the time they are in a state of madness, and devouring and absorbing souls will be addictive, just like eating human flesh, once you open the ban and you can't restrain yourself, then you will only eat and want to eat again. ”
“这些疯子因为吃不到灵魂，一个个就跟中毒一样痛苦无比。而等他们清醒时，他们又一心想求死，用各种方法毁灭自己的精神核，但因为和魔族契约的缘故，他们又无法真正消亡，结果就是他们越来越痛苦，越痛苦就越疯狂，也变得越发不像人，人性越来越少。”
"Because these madmen can't eat their souls, they are all as painful as poisoning. And when they wake up, they want to die again, and use various methods to destroy their spiritual core, but because of the contract with the demons, they can't really die, and the result is that they are more and more miserable, the more painful they are, the more crazy they become, and they become less and less human, and there is less and less human nature. ”
撒老祖眼神冷漠也冷静：“那个囚牢里的亡灵，也许有些人原本都是不错的人，但在他们把其他灵魂和亡灵当做食物后，他们就再也不是原来的他们了。撒洛特是其中最邪恶的一个。”
Sa Lao Zu's eyes were cold and calm: "The undead in the prison, maybe some of them were originally good people, but after they used other souls and undead as food, they were no longer the same people. Salotte is the most evil of them all. ”
王叶眉头皱成小疙瘩。 Wang Ye's brows furrowed into small pimples.
撒老祖明明白白地说道：“撒洛特绝不会是什么好心帮助他人的人，就算是他的后代。他能干出把整个撒家血脉都出卖给魔族的事，你们觉得他会在乎后代吗？既然他不会关心后代，他主动帮助雷木这点就十分可疑。我怀疑……”
Sarot said plainly: "Salotte will never be a person who is kind enough to help others, even if it is his descendant. He can do the thing of betraying the entire bloodline of the Sa family to the demons, do you think he will care about future generations? Since he doesn't care about offspring, it's suspicious that he took the initiative to help Remu. I doubt ......"
“您怀疑什么？”王叶迫切地问。 "What do you suspect?" Wang Ye asked urgently.
撒老祖顿了顿：“雷木血脉特殊，他身怀魔种，如果撒洛特想要脱离契约控制，转变成魔族也许是一个方法。”
Sa Lao Zu paused: "Lei Mu has a special bloodline, he has a demon seed, if Salotte wants to break away from the control of the contract, it may be a way to transform into a demon race." ”
“您是说撒洛特想要夺舍雷木？”王叶眼神变冷。 "You're saying that Salotte wants to take Sherem?" Wang Ye's eyes turned cold.
“极有可能。帮助雷木分魂也罢，在他身上下封印也罢，都是一种削弱雷木精神力和灵魂的方式。”撒老祖忽然问雷木：“撒洛特有没有对你说过必须在什么时候去找他？”
"Quite possibly. Whether it is helping Lei Mu to split his soul or placing a seal on him, it is a way to weaken Lei Mu's spiritual power and soul. Salaozu suddenly asked Lei Mu: "Did Salotte tell you when you had to go to him?" ”
雷木：“有。那道封印就是对我的制约，他帮我，是希望我也能帮他。”
Remu: "Yes. That seal is a restriction on me, and he helps me in the hope that I can help him too. ”
王叶一把抓住雷木的手，急：“他要你怎么帮他？” Wang Ye grabbed Lei Mu's hand and was anxious: "How does he want you to help him?" ”
雷木让王叶镇定，沉稳地说道：“他让我成年后来找他，给他我五分之一的血液和一根骨头。他说要用我的血液和骨头为他创造新的身体。而他保证我被取血和取骨后也不会死亡。”
Lei Mu calmed Wang Ye and said calmly: "He asked me to come to him when I became an adult and give him one-fifth of my blood and a bone. He said he would use my blood and bones to create a new body for him. And he promised that I would not die after the blood and bones were taken. ”
“操！”王叶气得磨牙：“他绝不是想要创造一具身体，他根本就是想要尽力削弱你。他还能用你的血液和骨头控制你！”
"!" Wang Ye grinded his teeth in anger: "He definitely doesn't want to create a body, he just wants to weaken you as much as he can." He can also control you with your blood and bones! ”
“等等，撒洛特为什么不在那个时候就控制和夺舍雷木？”王叶问撒老祖。
撒老祖几乎不用想，就回答道：“我不是说了吗，他疯了。撒洛特疯疯癫癫的时候居多，清醒的时候极少。一个不清醒的人要怎么控制他人身体、还要驱逐他人身体中的灵魂？撒洛特在那时夺舍雷木，很可能会被雷木的灵魂排斥出来，虽然他可以吞噬雷木的灵魂，但他更怕雷木身为魔种的本质。”
Without thinking about it, Sa's ancestor replied, "Didn't I say it, he's crazy." Sallote was mostly insane, and very rarely sober. How can an unconscious person control the body of another person and expel the soul from the body of another? Salot's seizure of Thunderwood at that time was likely to be rejected by Thunderwood's soul, although he could devour Thunderwood's soul, but he was more afraid of Thunderwood's nature as a demon seed. ”
“魔种小时候，如果没有好的引导和修炼方法，会时不时地爆发魔种之力，如果撒洛特在那时夺舍雷木，刺激雷木爆发魔种力量的可能性很大，撒洛特的灵魂说不定会被雷木反过来吞噬，就算无法彻底吞噬，也会受到不轻的伤。”
"When the demon seed was a child, if there was no good guidance and cultivation methods, the power of the demon seed would explode from time to time, if Salotte took away Lei Mu at that time, it was very likely that Lei Mu would burst out of the power of the demon seed, and Salot's soul might be swallowed by Lei Mu in turn, even if it could not be completely devoured, it would be slightly injured."
“亡灵和活人不一样，如果我们灵魂本质也就是精神核受伤，会很难痊愈，只能慢慢等待。而疯了的撒洛特他们，如果魂体受伤，他们的神智会更不清醒，连自我意识都无法保证的话，那夺舍还有什么意义？”
"The undead are different from the living, if the essence of our soul, which is the spiritual core, is injured, it will be difficult to heal, and we can only wait slowly. And the crazy Salot, if their souls are injured, their sanity will be even less sober, and they can't even guarantee their self-awareness, then what's the point of taking away? ”
王叶明白了，“这么说来，撒洛特这十几年很有可能在修身养性？”
Wang Ye understood, "In this way, it is very likely that Salotte has been cultivating himself for more than ten years?" ”
“如果他想夺舍的话。”撒老祖点头。 "If he wants to." Sa Lao Zu nodded.
“那这不是成了死局？”王叶皱眉：“我们不去找他，雷木那道封印就不能解除，他也不能真正觉醒自己的力量。可如果我们去找他，撒洛特肯定会对雷木下手，偏偏他实力又很强，还软硬不吃……”
"Isn't that a dead end?" Wang Ye frowned: "If we don't go to him, Lei Mu's seal can't be lifted, and he can't really awaken his power." But if we go to him, Salotte will definitely attack Lei Mu, but he is very strong, and he is still soft and hard......"
“有一个方法也许可以对付他。”象夫人推开一扇不存在的门走入木屋，她身后，大黑也跟着挤进来。
"There's a way to deal with him, perhaps." Madame Elephant pushed open a non-existent door and entered the cabin, and behind her, Da Hei squeezed in as well.
大黑一进屋就到处嗅闻，发现桌上和锅里都没食物，狗脸就露出了极度失望的表情。
As soon as Dahei entered the house, he sniffed everywhere and found that there was no food on the table or in the pot, and the dog's face showed an expression of extreme disappointment.
撒老祖一看夫人来了，连忙把自己拿到的餐盒分了一半给她。
When Sa Laozu saw that his wife was coming, he hurriedly gave her half of the lunch box he had gotten.
象夫人轻哼一声。 Madame Elephant snorted.
“祖奶奶，什么方法？求您快说~”王叶要是有尾巴，这会儿保证摇得比大黑还要勤快。
"Grandma, what's the way? Please say it quickly~" If Wang Ye has a tail, he is guaranteed to shake more diligently than Da Hei at this time.
雷木又对象夫人行礼道谢。 Lei Mu saluted and thanked his wife again.
象夫人先拍拍雷木的肩膀，为他合魂高兴，这才一指大黑，对两小道：“这个方法就是大黑。”
Mrs. Xiang patted Lei Mu on the shoulder first, happy for his soul, and then pointed to Da Hei and said to the two Xiao: "This method is Da Hei." ”
王叶：“啊？” Wang Ye: "Huh? ”
大黑：“汪！” Big Black: "Wang! ”
象夫人被一人一狗的表情逗笑，解释：“撒洛特有个弱点，他怕狗。”
Madame Elephant was amused by the expression of one man and one dog, and explained: "Salotte has a weakness, he is afraid of dogs. ”
第308章 美食开道 Chapter 308: Food Opens the Way
撒老祖和象夫人好像有事要忙，把重任委托给大黑后就不见人影了。
Sa Laozu and Mrs. Xiang seem to have something to do, and they disappeared after entrusting the heavy task to Dahei.
王叶和雷木此时还不知道撒尔曼大帝已经率领撒家血脉、群臣和贵族们来到墓地祭祀。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu didn't know at this time that Emperor Salman had led the Sajia bloodline, ministers and nobles to the cemetery to worship.
雷木恢复幼时记忆，对地宫地形了若指掌，就带着王叶和大黑往灵寂之地走去。
Lei Mu recovered his childhood memories and knew the terrain of the underground palace well, so he took Wang Ye and Da Hei to the land of silence.
大黑不肯老实地走在前后，总是一会儿消失一会儿出现。
Da Hei refuses to walk honestly in front and back, always disappearing and appearing in a moment.
路上，王叶问个不停，雷木只好把他七岁到十五岁这段时间在地宫的经历大致跟王叶说了说，包括他离开地宫后，小木木单独在地宫中的遭遇。
On the way, Wang Ye kept asking, and Lei Mu had to tell Wang Ye about his experience in the underground palace from the age of seven to fifteen, including what happened to Xiao Mumu alone in the underground palace after he left the underground palace.
雷木重点描述地宫中的种种，只听他描述，半点感觉不到他在地宫生活的辛苦和痛苦，反倒像是探险一般有趣。
Lei Mu focused on describing all kinds of things in the dungeon, only listening to his description, he didn't feel the hardships and pains of his life in the dungeon at all, but it was as interesting as an adventure.
王叶不满雷木避重就轻，但他也拿这样的雷木无可奈何。
Wang Ye was dissatisfied with Lei Mu's avoidance of the heavy, but he was helpless with such Lei Mu.
王叶主要想知道这个地宫中有谁欺负了雷木，他报复心强，一个都不想放过。
Wang Ye mainly wanted to know who in this dungeon had bullied Lei Mu, he was vindictive, and he didn't want to let anyone go.
“其实我分魂后吃了不少亡灵。”雷木有点迟疑和不好意思地说道。
"Actually, I ate a lot of undead after I split my soul." Remu said a little hesitantly and embarrassedly.
王叶连忙问：“那你有没有感到记忆错乱什么的？” Wang Ye hurriedly asked, "Then do you feel that your memory is out of mind or something?" ”
雷木笑：“没，应该和我是魔种有关吧。可能当初分魂还是轻率了，小木木长期处于饥饿中，他本来不应该感到饥渴，毕竟他只是一根骨头和一部分分魂构成，但可能就因为灵魂缺失，小木木才会产生强烈饥饿感。他饿极了，就会失去理智地吞噬这地宫中的亡灵。所以你别看小木木弱小，在这地宫中，其实没多少亡灵敢招惹他。”
Lei Mu smiled: "No, it should have something to do with me being a demon seed." Maybe it was reckless to split the soul at the beginning, Xiao Mumu has been hungry for a long time, he shouldn't have felt hungry and thirsty, after all, he is only a bone and a part of the soul split, but maybe because of the lack of soul, Xiao Mumu will have a strong sense of hunger. When he is so hungry that he loses his mind and devours the undead in this dungeon. So don't look at Xiao Mumu as weak, in this underground palace, in fact, there are not many undead who dare to provoke him. ”
王叶若有所思：“所以小木木生出了独立意识？” Wang Ye thought thoughtfully: "So Xiao Mumu gave birth to an independent consciousness? ”
“是有这个可能。”雷木看王叶不说话了，好奇：“你在想什么？”
"It's possible." Lei Mu saw that Wang Ye stopped talking, and was curious: "What are you thinking?" ”
王叶摸下巴：“我在小木木身上感到了强烈的魔气。” Wang Ye touched his chin: "I felt a strong demonic aura on Xiao Mumu. ”
“嗯，他就是我，当然会……” "Well, he's me, of course ......"
“不止。我在想魔族到底是怎么产生的？为什么他们能吞噬灵魂还不受影响？而你为什么能在分魂后，还能宛如正常人一样，连我探查你的精神核都没有发现问题，而且小木木这一缕分魂竟然也能自然行动，甚至能思考。”
"More than that. I'm wondering how the hell did the demons come about? Why can they devour souls without being affected? And why can you still act like a normal person after the soul is divided, even I didn't find a problem when I probed your spiritual core, and Xiao Mumu's soul can also act naturally and even think. ”
“你是说小木木不止是我的分魂，他还变成了初生魔族？”
"Are you saying that Xiao Mumu is not only my soul, but he has also become a newborn demon?"
“我觉得很有可能。想要验证这点，等我们带着小木木的意识进入魔界就知道了，如果他能在那边的环境中快速成长，那就说明我的推理是对的。”
"I think it's very likely. If you want to verify this, we will know when we enter the demon world with Xiao Mumu's consciousness, if he can grow up quickly in the environment over there, then it means that my reasoning is correct. ”
“如果小木木真的变成魔族，我们要把他留在魔界吗？”雷木舍不得。
"If Xiao Mumu really becomes a demon, are we going to leave him in the demon realm?" Lei Mu was reluctant.
王叶斩钉截铁地道：“当然不！” Wang Ye said categorically: "Of course not! ”
可转念一想，他又道：“不过到时还是要看小木木自己，他如果想要留在那边，那也行。如果他不想，当然是跟我们一起生活。”
But after thinking about it, he said again: "But then it still depends on Xiao Mumu himself, if he wants to stay over there, that's fine." If he doesn't want to, of course he lives with us. ”
雷木失笑，明明还是很遥远的事，他们两人却讨论得跟真的似的。
Lei Mu smiled, it was still a long way off, but the two of them discussed it as if it were true.
大黑忽然没入右边墙壁，过了好一段时间才跑出来，冲着两人欢快地摇着尾巴。
The big black suddenly sank into the wall on the right, and it took a long time for him to run out, wagging his tail happily at the two of them.
王叶看着大黑嘴中叼着的一米多长的大鱼，目瞪口呆。 Wang Ye looked at the big fish more than one meter long in the big black mouth, and was dumbfounded.
“这玩意从哪里弄来的？地宫有鱼？”王叶问雷木。 "Where did you get this? Fish in the dungeon? Wang Ye asked Lei Mu.
雷木也很惊讶，猜测：“也许是更地下，一般人到不了的地方，至少我从没有发现地宫里有活鱼。”
Lei Mu was also surprised, and guessed: "Maybe it's more underground, a place that ordinary people can't reach, at least I have never found any live fish in the underground palace." ”
大黑把大鱼放到王叶面前：“汪！” Da Hei put the big fish in front of Wang Ye: "Wang! ”
王叶蹲下来戳戳鱼身，顺便甩了个鉴定术。 Wang Ye squatted down and poked the fish's body, and by the way, he shook off an identification technique.
大鱼用力甩动鱼尾，不但是实体，还是活的。 The big fish shakes its tail vigorously, and it is not only solid, but also alive.
“啪！”大黑一爪子盖下去，大鱼顿时嗝屁。 "Smack!" The big black paw covered it, and the big fish immediately burped.
王叶看完鉴定结果，小算盘就噼里啪啦打了起来。 After Wang Ye read the appraisal results, the little abacus crackled.
“你这是想让我做给你吃？”王叶睨大黑。 "You want me to make it for you?" Wang Ye's eyes were dark.
大黑：“汪！” Big Black: "Wang! ”
这位现在就是狗爷，得敬着。王叶挤出笑脸，伸手在鱼身二分之一处一划：“上半身归我，作为下厨的费用。下半身归你。”
This is now the dog master, and he has to be respected. Wang Ye squeezed out a smiling face, stretched out his hand and scratched one-half of the fish's body: "The upper body belongs to me, as the cost of cooking." The lower body is yours. ”
“汪！” "Wang!"
“这是原则问题好吗？你看二位老祖让我给他们做饭，都会付我加工费。”王叶表示原则问题不能让步。
"It's a matter of principle, okay? You see, the two ancestors asked me to cook for them, and they would pay me for the processing fee. Wang Ye said that there can be no concessions on issues of principle.
大黑甩甩尾巴，爪子在王叶划的部位又往上挪了五分之一，“汪！”
Da Hei flicked his tail, and his paws moved up by a fifth in the part where Wang Ye had scratched, "Wang! ”
王叶沉吟片刻：“这样，你告诉我，这鱼是在哪里抓的，我可以帮你免费做三条，只要你抓来。”
Wang Ye pondered for a moment: "In this way, you tell me where this fish was caught, and I can help you make three for free, as long as you catch it." ”
大黑偏头，似乎在思考这个买卖能不能做。 Da Hei tilted his head, as if he was thinking about whether this deal could be done.
雷木看王叶和大黑一本正经地讨价还价，只笑，也不阻止。
Lei Mu saw Wang Ye and Da Hei bargaining seriously, only laughing, and not stopping.
“汪！”大黑竟然在地面用爪子划出了一个十字。 "Wang!" Daikoku actually drew a cross with his claws on the ground.
王叶哼：“十条太多了，最多五条。” Wang Ye hummed: "Ten is too many, five at most." ”
大黑：“汪！” Big Black: "Wang! ”
雷木感应到王叶情绪，打配合道：“十条就十条吧，后面我们还要麻烦大黑前辈。”
Lei Mu sensed Wang Ye's emotions and cooperated: "Ten is ten, we will trouble the big black seniors later." ”
王叶鼓起嘴巴，似乎有点不愿意，但还是勉强点了点头：“行吧，既然木木这么说了，那就十条。”
Wang Ye puffed out his mouth, as if he was a little reluctant, but he still nodded reluctantly: "Okay, since Mu Mu said so, then ten." ”
大黑摇摇尾巴，对雷木抛了个媚眼，让王叶收起大鱼，又示意他们跟它走。
Da Hei wagged his tail and threw a wink at Lei Mu, asking Wang Ye to put away the big fish, and motioned for them to go with it.
“不急，先办正事。”王叶心里都要笑开花了。如果大黑带他们去的地方如他所想，那这笔交易他真的要赚疯了。
"Don't worry, get down to business first." Wang Ye was about to laugh in his heart. If the place where Da Hei took them was what he thought, then he was going to really go crazy on this deal.
雷木好奇，精神传音问：“这大鱼有特殊的地方？” Lei Mu was curious, and the spirit transmission asked, "Is there something special about this big fish?" ”
“这鱼叫无头鱼，你看它是不是像是没有脑袋？这种鱼有个特点，它只生活在极阴之地的寒泉中，又叫寒泉无头鱼。绝世美味，但极难捕捉，这鱼功效也不错，尤其适合阳火过剩的人，而且它还是激发异术的牵引药剂主材料。但重点不是鱼，是寒泉！我想我知道撒老祖的寒泉水是从哪里弄来的了。”王叶兴奋道。
"This fish is called a headless fish, do you think it looks like it has no head? This fish has a characteristic, it only lives in the cold spring in the extreme yin land, and is also called the cold spring headless fish. Peerless delicious, but extremely difficult to catch, this fish is also very effective, especially suitable for people with excess yang fire, and it is also the main material of the traction potion that stimulates the magic arts. But the point is not the fish, it's the cold spring! I think I know where I got the cold spring water from the ancestors. Wang Ye said excitedly.
雷木就知道王叶不会做吃亏的买卖，只是免费做十条鱼，就能弄到寒泉地址，那绝对是超级划算了。
Lei Mu knew that Wang Ye would not do a loss-making business, just make ten fish for free, and he could get the address of Cold Spring, which was definitely a super bargain.
王叶还乐道：“我已经知道阳泉地址，这次再弄到寒泉，以后我就能在虫巢中弄个阴阳泉。”
Wang Ye also said happily: "I already know the address of Yangquan, and if I get the cold spring again this time, I will be able to get a Yinyang Spring in the worm nest in the future." ”
王叶高兴之余，大方地送给大黑一大块烤肉。 Wang Ye was happy, and generously gave Da Hei a large piece of barbecue.
大黑一口咬住烤肉，尾巴扫扫王叶的小腿，对这个小崽的主动上供十分满意。看在这小崽崽会做饭还做得好吃的份上，它就收这个小崽崽当小弟吧~
Da Hei took a bite of the barbecue, and swept Wang Ye's calf with his tail, and was very satisfied with this little cub's initiative. For the sake of this little cub who can cook and cook deliciously, it will accept this little cub as a little brother~
金宝从雷木口袋里探出脑袋，他好像感觉到什么。 Jinbao poked his head out of Thunderwood's pocket, and he seemed to feel something.
等大黑三口两口吃完烤肉，主动跑到前面带路。 Waiting for the big black to finish eating the barbecue in two bites, he took the initiative to run to the front to lead the way.
这地宫它比雷木还熟悉。 This dungeon is more familiar than Lei Mu.
而且有它带路，路上任什么妖魔古怪都不敢冒头。 And with it leading the way, no demon or monster on the road dares to come forward.
为此，王叶和雷木来到灵寂之地时，一路平平安安，什么都没遇到。
For this reason, when Wang Ye and Lei Mu came to the Land of Silence, they had a safe and peaceful journey and did not encounter anything.
“地宫占地很大，灵寂之地位于地宫的西面，祭坛就在灵寂之地的下方。”雷木低声介绍道。
"The dungeon occupies a large area, and the Land of Silence is located to the west of the dungeon, and the altar is just below the Land of Silence." Reimu whispered.
“下方？地宫分层？” "Below? Layered dungeon? ”
“对。我知道的大约有三层，传送阵就在第二层，之前我们走过的那些通道在第一层，灵寂之地也在第二层，而祭坛则在第三层。”雷木又道：“老祖的木屋应该也在第三层，甚至更深层。你有没有发现，我们现在正在朝上走。”
"Yes. There are about three floors as far as I know, the teleportation array is on the second level, the passages we walked through earlier are on the first floor, the Silent Land is on the second floor, and the altar is on the third floor. Lei Mu said again: "The ancestor's wooden house should also be on the third floor, or even deeper. Did you notice that we are now heading upwards. ”
王叶点头，他的方向感和空间感都不错：“木屋似乎在地宫中心？”
Wang Ye nodded, his sense of direction and space were good: "The wooden house seems to be in the center of the underground palace?" ”
雷木想了想：“应该是。” Reimu thought for a moment, "It should be." ”
大黑回头：“汪！” Da Hei turned around: "Wang! ”
雷木也放慢脚步，指着前面的巨大石门道：“到了，这就是灵寂之地大门，也是银月历代国王的安息之地。”
Lei Mu also slowed down, pointed to the huge stone gate in front of him and said, "Here it is, this is the gate of the Land of Silence, and it is also the resting place of the kings of the Silver Moon. ”
“想要打开这扇门，必须获得守门卫士的同意。我是守墓人，具有巡逻的责任，如果我过去，守门卫士会让我通过，但你的话，就难说了。”雷木道。
"In order to open this door, the consent of the gatekeeper must be obtained. I'm a grave keeper and have patrol duties, and if I pass by, the gatekeepers will let me through, but you're hard to say. "Thunderwood Road.
王叶歪头看大黑。 Wang Ye tilted his head to look at Da Hei.
大黑迈着特别大爷的步伐走到石门处，身体直接没入了石门。
Da Hei walked to the stone gate with the steps of a special uncle, and his body directly submerged into the stone gate.
好吧，这位在地宫大概也是个有绿色通行证的主。 Well, this one in the dungeon is probably also a master with a green pass.
雷木走到石门跟前，伸手按向浮雕战士手上的戒指。 Lei Mu walked up to the stone door and reached out to press the ring on the embossed warrior's hand.
石门开启了一条缝，只够雷木一个人侧身通过。 The stone door opened a crack, only enough for Lei Mu to pass sideways.
雷木示意王叶先过去。 Lei Mu motioned for Wang Ye to go over first.
可王叶刚要通过石门。 But Wang Ye was just about to pass through the stone gate.
轰！石门关紧了。 Rumble! The stone door was shut.
两名浮雕战士的眼珠还往下转动，似乎在打量王小叶。 The eyes of the two relief warriors were still rolling downward, as if they were looking at Wang Xiaoye.
王叶清清嗓子，唰地提出一个篮子：“两位守卫叔叔，你们辛苦了。我是来拜祭先祖的，这是我给二位的孝敬，还请笑纳。”
Wang Ye cleared his throat and raised a basket with a slurp: "Uncle two guards, you have worked hard. I am here to worship my ancestors, this is my filial piety to the two of you, please smile. ”
两名浮雕战士脸上似乎浮起了冷笑。 A sneer seemed to appear on the faces of the two relief warriors.
一只狗头从石门里钻出来，大黑看到篮子，眼睛一亮，伸头就要来叼篮子。
A dog's head came out of the stone door, and when Da Hei saw the basket, his eyes lit up, and he stretched out his head to take the basket in his mouth.
一只石手飞快伸出，拎起篮子。这狗大爷都要抢的东西，那肯定不是一般东西。
A stone hand quickly stretched out and picked up the basket. This dog uncle wants to rob something, it is definitely not an ordinary thing.
大黑：“汪！” Big Black: "Wang! ”
两名浮雕战士一起低头看篮子里的东西。 Together, the two relief warriors looked down at the contents of the basket.
竟然是食物，两块烤肉、两只儿臂长的大海虾、四个肉包子，还有两碗切丁的水果。
It turned out to be food, two pieces of roast meat, two arm-length prawns, four meat buns, and two bowls of diced fruit.
唔，他们竟然能闻到这些食物的香气？ Hmm, they can smell the food?
一名浮雕战士疑惑地伸手抓起一块烤肉，凑到鼻子前闻了闻，还伸出舌头舔了舔。
Puzzled, one of the relief warriors reached out and grabbed a piece of roasted meat, sniffed it in front of his nose, and stuck out his tongue to lick it.
王叶：看来这些石雕战士并不是真的石头，应该是某种魔法吧，把活人变成了石雕。
Wang Ye: It seems that these stone warriors are not really stones, they must be some kind of magic, turning living people into stone sculptures.
舔过烤肉的浮雕战士脸上出现震惊神色，直接张口就对烤肉咬了一口。
A shocked look appeared on the face of the relief warrior who had licked the barbecue, and he directly opened his mouth and took a bite of the barbecue.
亲娘哎！真的是烤肉！ Dear mother! It's really a barbecue!
他竟然时隔千年又吃到了真正的烤肉。 He actually ate real barbecue meat for the first time in a thousand years.
浮雕战士幸福得都要哭了。 The relief warrior was so happy that he was about to cry.
看同伴吃得飞快，另一名浮雕战士立刻伸手把另一块烤肉给抢到手里，也学着先闻后舔，舔完……没什么好说的了，直接开啃！
Seeing that his companion was eating quickly, another relief warrior immediately reached out and grabbed another piece of barbecue in his hand, and also learned to smell it first and then lick it, and after licking it...... There's nothing more to say, just gnaw on it!
“两位守卫叔叔，我现在能进去了吗？”王叶仰头问。 "Uncle two guards, can I go in now?" Wang Ye raised his head and asked.
浮雕战士冲着王叶露出了僵硬的笑容。 The relief warrior smiled stiffly at Wang Ye.
这是他们见过最可爱、最孝顺的后代子孙了。 This is the loveliest and most filial descendant they have ever seen.
孩子，你可要常来啊。 Son, you have to come often.
唰，石门打开了。 Boom, the stone door opened.
还不是一条缝，而是全打开。 It's not a slit yet, it's all open.
王叶觉得这两名守卫战士太好说话了，他本来还准备了一瓶酒，现在看来是不用拿出来了。
Wang Ye felt that the two guard soldiers were too easy to talk to, and he had originally prepared a bottle of wine, but now it seemed that he didn't need to take it out.
守卫战士只是被震惊了，一时没反应过来要敲竹杠。再说黑大爷和守墓人都跟着呢，他们也要看人下菜碟不是？
The guards were just shocked, and didn't react for a moment to rip off the bamboo. Besides, Uncle Black and the grave keeper are all following, they also have to watch people put dishes, right?
雷木暗中对王叶点赞，两人一起走入石门。 Lei Mu secretly praised Wang Ye, and the two walked into the stone gate together.
石门后原本是漆黑的世界，可不知是守卫战士的优待，还是其他原因，在两人刚进入门后，一盏盏灯火就自动点亮。
Behind the stone gate was originally a dark world, but I don't know if it was the preferential treatment of the guard soldiers, or other reasons, after the two of them entered the door, a light was automatically lit.
这是一个极为空旷的大殿。 It is an extremely empty hall.
大殿内放着很多巨大的椅子，就如王椅。 There are many huge chairs in the main hall, like the king's chair.
椅子全是石雕，但椅背上雕刻的石像却不一样。 The chairs are all stone, but the stone statues carved on the back of the chairs are different.
王叶感觉到有谁在打量他们，还不止一个。 Wang Ye felt that there was someone looking at them, and there was more than one.
金宝脑袋全部伸出来，他之前感觉到的东西在这里越发明显。
Jinbao's head was all sticking out, and what he had felt before was becoming more and more obvious here.
大黑冲着大殿摇摇尾巴，像是在打招呼。 Daikoku wagged his tail at the main hall, as if to say hello.
大黑扭头：“汪！”小弟们，跟老大我过来。 Da Hei turned his head: "Wang! "Little brothers, come with me, boss.
王叶看向雷木。 Wang Ye looked at Lei Mu.
雷木也在迟疑，他从没有拜见过这些国王，每次来这里都是随便走走，这些国王亡灵也极少理会他。
Remu was also hesitating, he had never met these kings, every time he came here, he walked casually, and the spirits of these kings rarely paid attention to him.
王叶虽然不想拜见这些银月国王，但想到礼多人不怪，好歹要走人家地头走，就顺着大殿中的石椅走了一圈，每张石椅前都放了一个大盘子。
Although Wang Ye didn't want to meet these Silver Moon Kings, he thought that it was not strange for many people to go, so he walked along the stone chairs in the main hall, and a large plate was placed in front of each stone chair.
大黑看着那些盘子上的食物滴口水，但这次它没有像对那浮雕守卫一样去抢他们的篮子，而只是看看，就忍痛扭过头。
The big black drooled as it looked at the food on the plates, but this time it didn't snatch their baskets like it did for the relief guards, but just looked at them and turned its head in pain.
“汪！”快走快走。 "Wang!" Walk fast, walk fast.
王叶和雷木加快脚步跟上大黑。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu quickened their pace to keep up with Da Hei.
大黑对着大殿尽头的墙壁扒拉了两下。 Dahei tugged twice at the wall at the end of the hall.
墙壁消失，无声无息地出现一道往下的阶梯。 The wall vanished, and a staircase descended silently.
灵寂之地的囚牢是一个很特殊的地方，这里并不是撒家后代建立，也和魔族无关，而是两位老祖特别开辟出来的地方，专门用来关押那些神智失常的厉害亡灵。
The prison in the Land of Silence is a very special place, this is not established by the descendants of the Sajia family, and it has nothing to do with the demon race, but a place specially opened up by the two ancestors, specially used to imprison those undead who are insane.
大黑算是这里的牢头，除了二老，也只有它能打开牢门。
Da Hei is the cell leader here, except for the second elder, and only it can open the prison door.
雷木当年能进入这里也算是一个奇遇，也许更应该说是被诱惑的。
It was an adventure that Lei Mu was able to enter here back then, and perhaps it should be said that he was tempted.
囚牢中的亡灵们当然会想要逃跑，他们想尽办法，其中撒洛特就把自己的声音送了出去，引诱了刚进入地宫不久，就快要饿死的雷木。
Of course, the undead in the prison will want to escape, and they will do everything they can, and among them, Salotte will send his voice out, luring Lei Mu, who has just entered the dungeon, and is about to starve to death.
“我当时都不知道自己是怎么进入囚牢的，我在地宫转悠了至少三天，饿极了也渴急了，我没死，大概是魔种之力再次爆发的效果。”雷木道。
"I didn't even know how I got into the prison at the time, I wandered around the dungeon for at least three days, I was extremely hungry and thirsty, I didn't die, probably because of the effect of the power of the demon seed to explode again." Thunderwood Road.
大黑扭头：“汪！”原来那个裂缝就是你挖出来的！害我修补了好久。
Da Hei turned his head: "Wang! "So you dug that crack! I've been tinkering for a long time.
雷木抚摸大黑的背：“抱歉，我当时饿疯了，听到有人说可以给我提供食物和水，就什么都顾不得了。”
Lei Mu stroked Da Hei's back: "I'm sorry, I was crazy hungry at the time, and I couldn't care about anything when I heard someone say that they could provide me with food and water." ”
大黑很快就原谅了雷木，它是个心宽的老大。 Daikoku quickly forgave Reimu, who was a big-hearted boss.
金宝忽然急切地叫道：“爸叽！不叽！”不要进去。 Jinbao suddenly exclaimed eagerly, "Dad! Nope! "Don't go in.
金宝感到了一股可怕的威压，这股威压让他感到极度不舒服。
Jinbao felt a terrible coercion, which made him feel extremely uncomfortable.
奇怪的是其他人和亡灵都没有感觉到。 Strangely, neither the others nor the undead felt it.
雷木手托金宝：“怎么了？” Lei Mu held Jinbao in his hand: "What's wrong?" ”
金宝愤怒地冲着阶梯下方发出吼声：“叽呜——！” Campbell angrily roared at the bottom of the stairs, "Woo——! ”
“吼——！”一道低沉的像是大风呼啸的声音从阶梯下方传来。
"Roaring ——!" A low, wind-whistling sound came from below the stairs.
王叶和雷木都是脚步一顿。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu were both stunned.
大黑也惊讶地看向阶梯下方，它来囚牢那么多次，第一次听到这种声音。
Daikoku also looked down the stairs in surprise, it had been to the prison so many times, and it was the first time it had heard such a sound.
金宝觉得自己被挑衅了，更加愤怒地冲着黑暗的下方囚牢大吼：“叽叽呜呜！”有种你上来！
Feeling provoked, Campbell yelled even more angrily at the dark prison below, "Woohoo! "There's a kind of you coming up!
王叶：“金宝，你感觉到什么了？是谁在找你麻烦？” Wang Ye: "Jinbao, what do you feel?" Who's in trouble with you? ”
金宝迅速告状：“爸叽~皮卡叽，坏叽！” Jinbao quickly complained: "Dad~ Pika, bad!" ”
强大的威压彻底释放，这次不止金宝感觉到了，雷木和王叶，连同灵寂之地的亡灵们也感觉到了。
The powerful coercion was completely released, and this time not only Jinbao felt it, but also Lei Mu and Wang Ye, as well as the undead in the Land of Silence.
原本空无一人的大殿中忽然出现了几十条人影。 Dozens of figures suddenly appeared in the originally empty hall.
金宝的小黑豆眼转来转去，也不知他感觉到了什么，竟然从雷木手掌上跳下来，飞快地冲入黑暗深处。
Jinbao's little black bean eyes rolled around, and he didn't know what he felt, so he jumped down from Lei Mu's palm and rushed into the depths of darkness quickly.
“金宝！”雷木伸手没抓住，立刻就往下面跑。 "Jinbao!" Raimu reached out and didn't grab it, and immediately ran down.
王叶迅速跟上。 Wang Ye quickly followed.
大黑速度更快。 Big Black is faster.
众位国王的亡灵们靠近囚牢入口，但不等他们接近，囚牢入口就关闭了。
The spirits of the kings approached the entrance to the prison, but before they could get close, the entrance to the prison closed.
“那是什么？”一位国王亡灵惊诧地问。
“不知道。” "I don't know."
“实力极为强大，至少不比老祖弱。” "The strength is extremely strong, at least not weaker than the ancestor."
“跟老祖差不多的存在？”有国王亡灵变了脸色。 "Something similar to the Ancestor?" There is a king whose face has changed.
比起研究那道可怕又强大的威压，也有国王对王叶和雷木感兴趣的。
Rather than studying the terrifying and powerful coercion, there are also kings who are interested in Wang Ye and Lei Mu.
“那两个小鬼是谁？大的那个我有些熟悉，好像是守墓人？他合魂了？”
"Who are those two imps? The big one I'm familiar with, it seems to be the grave keeper? Is he in tune? ”
“小的那个呢？我没从他身上感觉到我撒家血脉，他是闯入者吗？”
"What about the little one? I didn't feel my blood in him, was he an intruder? ”
“你看哪个闯入者还会给我们带祭品？” "Which intruder do you think will bring us sacrifices?"
“狗屁祭品，全是垃圾，又不能吃，留着只能看着它们腐烂。”
"The bullshit offerings, it's all garbage, and you can't eat it, you can only watch them rot if you keep them."
“上面祭祀宫殿似乎在搞大型祭祀，大概这小鬼是先入者？”
"The sacrificial palace above seems to be engaged in a large-scale sacrifice, probably this little ghost is the first to enter?"
“管他是谁，我看看他带了什么祭品。不好看，我就……嗯？”这位国王亡灵忽然不说话了。
"Whoever he is, I'll see what sacrifice he has brought. If it's not good-looking, I'll ...... Well? The king's ghost suddenly stopped talking.
过了一会儿，这位矮胖的国王亡灵就冲着旁边的儿子不客气地命令道：“你不是不喜欢祭品吗？把你的那份给我！”
After a while, the short and fat king's ghost unceremoniously ordered his son next to him, "Don't you dislike sacrifices? Give me your share! ”
这位被要求的儿子叹息，自己的爹，他还能怎样？只能给啦。
The son who was asked sighed, his father, what else could he do? I can only give it.
但他刚拿起那盘祭品，忽然察觉不对。 But as soon as he picked up the plate of sacrifices, he suddenly realized that something was wrong.
为什么他能闻到食物的香气？ Why can he smell the aroma of food?
这时大殿中发现祭品跟以往完全不同的国王亡灵越来越多。
At this time, more and more kings and ghosts were found in the main hall with sacrifices completely different from before.
有些压根就没靠近祭品的国王亡灵听自己的父亲、儿子或者其他国王亡灵跟他索要，也就给了。
Some of the king's spirits who did not even come close to the sacrifice listened to their fathers, sons, or other kings' spirits asking for them, and they gave them.
但……不久凡是给出自己祭品的国王亡灵通通后悔了！ But...... Soon all the kings who gave their sacrifices regretted it!
“爷爷！你怎么能骗我？” "Grandpa! How can you lie to me? ”
“父王！你太过分了，我没给你，你怎么就自己拿走了！”
"Father! You went too far, I didn't give it to you, why did you take it yourself! ”
“我是你哥，看在我把王位传给你没传给儿子的份上，把你的祭品给我。”
"I am your brother, for the sake of me passing on the throne to you but not to my son, give me your sacrifice."
“休想！你根本就是没儿子，没办法才传给我。” "Don't think! You don't have a son at all, so you can't pass it on to me. ”
“这是我的，不准抢！” "It's mine, don't rob it!"
“你这个不孝子，给我把祭品放下！” "You unfilial son, put down the sacrifice for me!"
“啊啊啊，竟然能吃！这些祭品竟然能吃，我竟然吃到真正的食物了！我活过来了吗？”
"Ahhh These sacrifices were edible, and I was able to eat real food! Am I alive? ”
“见鬼，这小孩拿来的祭品为什么我们能吃到？早知刚才就不放那小孩轻易过去了。”
"Hell, why are we able to eat the sacrifice that this kid brought? I knew that I wouldn't let the kid go just now, and it would be easy to pass. ”
“就是啊，等他出来一定要抓住他，让他多送点同样的祭品过来。”
"That's right, when he comes out, we must catch him and ask him to send more of the same sacrifice."
“最好把能做这种祭品的厨师弄进地宫。” "It's best to get a chef who can make this kind of sacrifice into the dungeon."
“是魔厨吧？” "It's a magic kitchen, right?"
“食物中没有多少魔力，但确实是魔厨无疑。这种能让我们都吃到的食物，普通厨子怎么可能做得出来？”
"There's not a lot of magic in the food, but it's a magic cook. How could an ordinary cook make this kind of food that we can all eat? ”
“住手！你竟然敢偷我的祭品，打死你这个不孝孙！” "Stop! You dare to steal my sacrifice and kill you, an unfilial grandson! ”
“爷爷，你刚才还抢了我父王的。” "Grandpa, you robbed my father just now."
大殿中，众位国王亡灵为了祭品闹成一团。 In the main hall, the spirits of the kings and the dead are in a mess for the sacrifices.
有那聪明和反应快的，早就拿着自己的一盘躲了起来。 There is the smart and quick to react, and he has long been hiding with his own plate.
而王叶他们则陷入了一个很奇怪的地方。 And Wang Ye and they fell into a very strange place.
大黑也很茫然：汪？这是什么鬼地方，它明明开的是囚牢门。
Da Hei was also at a loss: Wang? What the hell is this place, it's obviously a prison door.
同一时间，正前往地上祭祀宫殿的撒老祖突然一拍额头，对象夫人道：“坏了，我忘了跟那两个孩子交代一件事。”
At the same time, Sa Lao Zu, who was on his way to the sacrificial palace on the ground, suddenly slapped his forehead, and the subject's wife said, "Oh no, I forgot to explain one thing to those two children." ”
象夫人没好气道：“你真的是忘性越来越大了。到底什么事？”
Mrs. Xiang said angrily: "You are really getting more and more forgetful." What the hell is going on? ”
撒老祖讪讪地道：“我忘记跟他们说，囚牢是用龙骨做成，那个金色的小不点进入那里，恐怕极有可能会惊醒沉睡在龙骨中的残留意识。”
Sa Lao Zu said curtly: "I forgot to tell them that the prison is made of dragon bones, and if that little golden dot enters there, I am afraid that it is very likely to awaken the residual consciousness sleeping in the dragon bone. ”
第309章 给祭品什么都好说 Chapter 309: It's easy to say anything about the sacrifice
王叶还以为他们从地宫出来了，因为他们看到了一片绿地，还看到了一朵特别娇艳的鲜花。
Wang Ye thought that they had come out of the underground palace, because they saw a green area and a particularly delicate flower.
就是那鲜花有点大，大约有人脸那么大。 It's just that the flower is a little big, about the size of a human face.
现在金宝就撑着小身体，蹲在那朵鲜花面前和那朵鲜花吵架。
Now Jinbao is supporting his little body, squatting in front of the flower and arguing with the flower.
“叽叽，叽叽叽！” "Twitter, twitter!"
“长相奇怪，叫声也奇怪，说你是小怪物，你还不承认。精灵幼崽才不是你这样，你更不可能是我们龙族幼崽！”鲜花肯定地道。
"Strange looks, strange screams, say you're a little monster, and you still don't admit it. Elven cubs aren't like you, and you can't be our dragon cubs! "The flowers are definitely authentic.
“叽！叽叽叽！” "Tss Twitter! ”
“我这是意识，不是龙族就长得像花朵一样，虽然我们威武雄壮又娇艳美丽，是世间第一美丽的生物。”
"I'm conscious, if I'm not a dragon, we look like flowers, although we are majestic and delicate, and we are the most beautiful creatures in the world."
王叶嘴角抽搐，这真的是龙族意识吗？他语言学是不是有点问题？
The corners of Wang Ye's mouth twitched, is this really dragon consciousness? Isn't there something wrong with his linguistics?
“说你丑，你就是丑！” "Say you're ugly, you're ugly!"
“叽——！叽叽叽！” "Tsk——! Twitter! ”
“啧，叫声跟鸟崽子一样，你这样的怎么可能是我们龙族，也不可能是精灵族。”
"Tsk, the cry is the same as a bird's cub, how can you be our dragon clan, and it can't be an elf clan."
王叶发现这个自称龙族意识的家伙似乎能表达的意思不多，也许是比较执着？翻来覆去都是在指责金宝的声音和外形。
Wang Ye found that this guy who claimed to be a dragon consciousness didn't seem to be able to express much meaning, maybe he was more persistent? Turning over and over is all blaming Jinbao's voice and appearance.
金宝被气坏了，叽叽个不停，还跳起来去咬那朵鲜花。 Jinbao was so angry that he couldn't stop chattering and jumped up to bite the flower.
鲜花中冒出一个小小的龙影，轻轻一抽，就把金宝抽飞了。
A small dragon shadow emerged from the flowers, and with a slight twitch, Jinbao was pumped away.
王叶伸手接住飞过来的金宝。 Wang Ye stretched out his hand to catch the Jinbao that flew over.
金宝委屈又愤怒，伸出小爪子指着那龙影，告状：“爸叽，叽叽坏，叽叽宝宝，揍叽！”
Jin Bao was aggrieved and angry, stretched out his little paw and pointed at the dragon shadow, complaining: "Dad, twitter, bad, twitter, baby, beat!" ”
王叶：不容易啊，金宝竟然憋出这么多字眼了。 Wang Ye: It's not easy, Jinbao has held back so many words.
“喂，那个人类小崽，你过来。”龙影特别大爷地对王叶招呼。
"Hey, that human cub, come here." Long Ying greeted Wang Ye with a special uncle.
王叶指了指自己：“你找我？” Wang Ye pointed to himself: "Are you looking for me?" ”
“对，就是你。”龙影盘在鲜花上。 "Yes, that's you." The dragon shadow is on the flowers.
王叶把金宝放在自己肩膀上，走了过去。 Wang Ye put Jinbao on his shoulder and walked over.
雷木就在他身后。 Remu was right behind him.
大黑则警惕地看着那龙影，没有靠近，但它也没有阻止两个人类靠近那龙影。
The big black looked at the dragon shadow warily and did not come closer, but it did not stop the two humans from approaching the dragon shadow.
金宝站在小叶子爸爸的肩膀上，顿时觉得有靠山了，冲着那龙影就叽叽呜呜地一通骂。
Jin Bao stood on the shoulders of Xiao Yezi's father, and suddenly felt that he had a backer, and scolded the dragon shadow.
雷木弹了弹金宝的尾巴。 Raimu flicked Kimbell's tail.
金宝迅速闭嘴。 Kimble quickly shut up.
龙影等着。 The dragon shadow waited.
王叶则在打量这龙影。 Wang Ye was looking at the dragon shadow.
他还是第一次看到双月星的龙族，以前他只看过绘图作品。
It was the first time he had seen the dragons of the Twin Moon Stars, and he had only seen drawings before.
双月星的龙族既不像西方龙，也不像东方龙。 The dragons of the Twin Moon Stars are neither like the Western Dragons nor the Eastern Dragons.
他们全身覆盖坚硬光滑的鳞片，头顶有两支尖锐的角。 Their bodies are covered with hard, smooth scales and have two sharp horns on the top of their heads.
身体整体就像是霸王龙进化成了人形，具有类似人类的上半身、下半身和四肢，但身材极为雄壮，下半身比例较长。手掌类似爪子，爪子又大又灵活。腿部从膝盖以下弯曲如兽，脚掌粗大如狼爪，但爪尖很长，还能弯曲。
The body as a whole resembles that the Tyrannosaurus rex evolved into a humanoid form, with a human-like upper body, lower body, and limbs, but the body is extremely majestic, and the lower body is longer proportioned. The palm resembles a claw, and the claws are large and flexible. The legs are bent from the knee down like a beast, and the soles of the feet are as thick as a wolf's claws, but the tips of the claws are long and can be bent.
他们背后有巨大的膜翅，背部一对最大，腿部和尾部还各有一对小膜翅。对，他们有尾巴，长长的远超他们身长很多倍的粗大尾巴，尾巴尖端生有倒钩利刺。
They have large membranous wings on their backs, the largest pair on their backs, and a pair of small membranous wings on their legs and tail. Yes, they have tails, long and thick tails that are many times longer than they are, with barbed spines at the tips.
而他们的膜翅尖端还生有长长的触手，可以像鞭子一样抽打敌人，可以捆绑，也可以当做手使用。
Their membranous wings also have long tentacles at the tips that can whip enemies like whips, bind, and be used as hands.
这样的龙族确实极为威武雄壮，也十分美丽，更进化成了超级战斗武器，让任何生物一看就不敢招惹。
Such a dragon clan is indeed extremely powerful and majestic, and it is also very beautiful, and it has evolved into a super combat weapon, so that any creature will not dare to provoke it at a glance.
这龙影整体呈现极为漂亮的青色，和他看到过的龙族绘图很像，虽然缩小了，但那身姿一看就充满威势。
The overall appearance of this dragon shadow is extremely beautiful cyan, very similar to the dragon drawings he has seen, although it is shrunk, but the figure is full of majesty at a glance.
金宝很羡慕妒忌，他瞅瞅自己小小的还有点圆溜溜的身体，再看对面那龙影，脑中第一次生出“我不要变成精灵，我也想变成这个超级凶残的样子”的想法。
Jinbao was very envious and jealous, he looked at his small and somewhat round body, and then looked at the dragon shadow opposite, and for the first time in his mind, the idea of "I don't want to become an elf, I also want to become this super murderous appearance".
龙影等了半天，不见那人类小崽有任何表示，不禁生气。
The dragon shadow waited for a long time, but didn't see any indication from the human cub, so he couldn't help but get angry.
“祭品呢？” "What about the sacrifices?"
“哎？哦！”王叶恍然大悟，敢情这位把他们弄到这里，不是因为金宝，而是因为想要吃的？
"Huh? Oh! Wang Ye suddenly realized, dare to love this person who got them here, not because of Jinbao, but because he wanted to eat?
龙影冷哼：“你们不是来祭祖的吗？虽然这个小家伙长残了，但我也是这个小家伙的祖宗，祭品当然也要送我一份，不，要十份！因为你们不够尊重。”
Long Ying snorted coldly: "Aren't you here to worship your ancestors?" Although this little guy is disabled, I am also the ancestor of this little guy, and of course I will be given one part of the sacrifice, no, ten copies! Because you don't have enough respect. ”
金宝怒喷：“叽叽叽！”你才长残了！ Jinbao snorted angrily: "Twitter! "You're crippled!
王叶：“……要是没有金宝，我们就不用给出祭品了对吧？”
Wang Ye: "...... If we didn't have Jinbao, we wouldn't have to give sacrifices, would we? ”
金宝：“爸叽！” Jinbao: "Dad! ”
龙影狡猾地道：“如果你们要进入囚牢，就必须给我上供，懂吗？否则你们永远都见不到囚牢里那些囚犯。”
Dragon Shadow said slyly, "If you want to go into prison, you have to give me a confession, understand?" Otherwise, you will never see the prisoners in the prison. ”
王叶脑子飞快转动，他在想要怎么最大利用这只自己送上门的龙族亡灵。
Wang Ye's mind was spinning rapidly, he was thinking about how to make the most of this dragon undead who he sent to the door.
不，这家伙不像是亡灵，大概就是他自己说的，他只是一段龙的意识。
No, this guy doesn't look like an undead, probably as he said himself, he's just a piece of dragon consciousness.
不过意识能吃祭品吗？ But can consciousness eat sacrifices?
虽然搞不懂这只龙影，但这丝毫不妨碍王叶跟他讨价还价。
Although he couldn't understand this dragon shadow, this did not prevent Wang Ye from bargaining with him in the slightest.
“我不知道这里有您存在，就没有为您准备祭品……” "I didn't know you existed, so I didn't prepare sacrifices for you......"
不等龙影发怒，王叶又及时接上：“不过我带了一些食材，我可以拿出来给您看看，看您喜欢什么，我就给您现场做什么，您看如何？”
Without waiting for Long Ying to get angry, Wang Ye picked up in time: "But I brought some ingredients, I can take them out and show you, see what you like, I'll give you what to do on the spot, what do you think?" ”
龙影骄傲地抬起头，矜持地道：“可以。” Dragon Shadow raised his head proudly and said reservedly, "Yes." ”
王叶在进入撒家墓地之前，是真的完全没有想到他的魔厨手艺会在这里成了最主要的攻关手段。
Before Wang Ye entered the Sajia cemetery, he really didn't expect that his magic kitchen skills would become the most important means of tackling key problems here.
果然，吃是所有生物永恒的追求，哪怕死掉的生物也一样。
Sure enough, eating is the eternal pursuit of all living beings, even dead creatures.
龙影似乎对雷木也很感兴趣，打量了雷木好几眼，还道：“那边的小子，你过来。”
Long Ying also seemed to be interested in Lei Mu, looked at Lei Mu several times, and said, "Kid over there, you come here." ”
雷木大大方方地走到龙影面前。 Lei Mu walked generously in front of the dragon shadow.
龙影飞起来，围着他绕了一圈，又落回鲜花上：“你身上的气息有点古怪。今天我闻到了同族的气息，还闻到了树人族的气息，更闻到了食物的气息，我才会醒来，我还以为他们来接我了。”
The dragon shadow flew up, circled around him, and fell back on the flowers: "The aura on your body is a little strange. Today I smell the scent of my kindred, and I smell the scent of the treants, and even more so the smell of food, and I will wake up, and I thought they had come to pick me up. ”
“他们是谁？您和谁有约定吗？”雷木试探地问。 "Who are they? Do you have an agreement with anyone? Raimu asked tentatively.
龙影对雷木的态度要比对金宝和王叶都好得多，他竟然回答了：“不，我们没有约定，我很早就死了。不过我死在了外面，一直没能回到族地，我想回去，可知道龙族在哪里的都消失了。而我也不想告诉他们地点。但我内心中一直渴望有同族能来接我，把我带回族地安葬。我的龙魂已经回归，但我希望我的龙骨也同样回归。”
Long Ying's attitude towards Lei Mu was much better than that of both Jinbao and Wang Ye, and he actually replied, "No, we didn't have an agreement, I died early." But I died outside, and I never returned to the clan, and I wanted to go back, but everyone who knew where the dragons were, was gone. And I don't want to tell them the location. But I have always longed in my heart for my fellow people to come and pick me up and bring me back to the clan land for burial. My dragon soul has returned, but I hope my dragon bones will return as well. ”
雷木和王叶都听懂了，这段意识大概就是龙骨生出的执念，他想要回去族地。
Lei Mu and Wang Ye both understood, this consciousness was probably the obsession born of the dragon bone, and he wanted to go back to the clan land.
“如果您愿意相信我们，也许我们可以送您回去族地。”雷木道。
"If you're willing to trust us, maybe we can send you back to the clan land." Thunderwood Road.
反正他们要摧毁地宫，自然也包括这个囚牢。 Anyway, they want to destroy the dungeon, and naturally this prison is also included.
龙影没说相信也没说不相信，他只问道：“你是树人族吗？”
Long Ying didn't say he believed it or didn't believe it, he only asked, "Are you a Treant?" ”
雷木感到王叶轻轻碰了碰自己的手，但他还是按照自己的想法，把自己的血脉转化成生命之树。
Lei Mu felt Wang Ye lightly touch his hand, but he still followed his own ideas and transformed his bloodline into the Tree of Life.
龙影立即就感觉到了雷木身上蓬勃的生命力，他高兴起来：“你果然是树人族，而且你是生命之树？这一定是龙神的指引！”
Long Ying immediately felt the vigorous vitality on Lei Mu's body, and he became happy: "You are indeed a tree of people, and you are the tree of life?" This must be the guidance of the dragon god! ”
“龙族有龙神？”王叶忍不住问。 "The dragon clan has a dragon god?" Wang Ye couldn't help but ask.
龙影没有理睬王叶，却兴致勃勃地对雷木道：“小家伙，我能感觉出来，你似乎才发芽？你怎么能维持一个成年人的外形？跟你身上的其他气息有关吗？生命之树又掌握了什么古怪的异术？”
Long Ying ignored Wang Ye, but said to Lei Mu with great interest: "Little guy, I can feel it, you seem to have just sprouted?" How can you maintain the appearance of an adult? Does it have anything to do with other scents in you? What strange magic has the Tree of Life mastered? ”
雷木笑问：“龙族和生命之树关系很好？” Lei Mu smiled and asked, "The dragon clan has a good relationship with the Tree of Life?" ”
“咦？你不知道？你还没有得到生命之树的传承吗？” "Huh? You don't know? Haven't you received the legacy of the Tree of Life? ”
“只有一点点。”雷木面对这位龙影，不知为何，并不想隐瞒他，甚至有种把所有实情告诉他的冲动，就实话实说道：“我之前是这座地宫的守墓人，我为了脱离地宫束缚，就请人帮助我分魂，之后……”
"Only a little." Lei Mu faced this dragon shadow, for some reason, he didn't want to hide him, and even had the urge to tell him all the truth, so he said honestly: "I was the tomb keeper of this underground palace before, and in order to get rid of the shackles of the underground palace, I asked someone to help me divide my soul, and then I ......"
雷木花了一点时间描述他的过往，最后道：“如此，我现在刚刚合魂，还有一道封印没有解除，所以还不能真正进入觉醒阶段，也无法真正的接收到相关传承。”
Lei Mu took a moment to describe his past, and finally said, "In this way, I have just merged my soul now, and there is still a seal that has not been lifted, so I can't really enter the awakening stage yet, and I can't really receive the relevant inheritance." ”
“原来如此。你说的撒洛特我知道，一个希望吞噬其他灵魂而强大自身，结果却变成疯子的人类。”龙影不屑地道。
"I see. I know the Salotte you are talking about, a human who wants to devour other souls and strengthen himself, only to become a madman. Dragon Shadow said disdainfully.
“你身上还有魔种？这有点麻烦，我们龙族如果不能很好地处理魔种，也会转变成魔龙。不过我们那个时代，魔族来得很少，后来我族大部分离开后，魔族才敢偷偷踏足这个世界。”
"You still have the Demon Seed on you? This is a bit troublesome, if our dragon clan can't handle the demon seed well, we will also transform into a demon dragon. However, in our time, the demons came very rarely, and only after most of our clan left, the demons dared to set foot in this world secretly. ”
王叶来精神了，忍不住插话：“这么说，你们龙族是魔族的克星？”
Wang Yelai was in his spirits, and couldn't help but interject: "So, your dragon clan is the nemesis of the demon clan?" ”
龙影骄傲道：“我们是任何一族的克星！我们龙族是最强的！就是因为我们在这个世界再也没有敌手，我们希望变得更强，才会离开。”
Dragon Shadow said proudly, "We are the nemesis of any clan!" We dragons are the strongest! It's because we have no rivals in this world that we want to be stronger, and we will leave. ”
“那么怎么去除魔种？”王叶紧接着问。 "So how do you get rid of the demon seed?" Wang Ye then asked.
龙影诧异道：“为什么要去除？我们强大的身体可以消化吸收任何能量，魔种的能量虽然麻烦一点，但大不了转化为魔龙，去他们魔界生活。如果吸收时注意一些，魔种的能量只会成为我们的养分，强化我们的身体。有些魔族还特别寻找魔种吞噬呢。”
Long Ying was surprised, "Why do you want to remove it?" Our powerful body can digest and absorb any energy, although the energy of the demon seed is a little troublesome, but it is a big deal to transform into a demon dragon and go to their demon world to live. If we pay attention to the absorption, the energy of the demon seed will only become our nutrients and strengthen our body. Some demons are also looking for demon seeds to devour. ”
雷木吞咽口水：“请问要怎么做？” Lei Mu swallowed: "What do I do?" ”
“这是我们龙族的本能。你是树人，我没办法教会你。”龙影道。
"It's our dragon instinct. You're a tree man, and I can't teach you. Dragon Shadow said.
王叶肩膀耷拉，有气无力地道：“说了半天，结果啥用没有。”
Wang Ye's shoulders drooped, and he said weakly: "I talked for a long time, but it turned out to be useless." ”
“那个人类小崽，你得罪我了，今天你不拿出二十份祭品，你就别想再离开。”龙影特横地要求道。
"That human cub, you have offended me, if you don't take out twenty sacrifices today, you won't want to leave again." Dragon Shadow demanded in a special way.
王叶翻了个白眼。
雷木的手掌盖住王叶的脸，把他往后推了推。 Lei Mu's palm covered Wang Ye's face and pushed him back.
“这位前辈，您不妨说说您的方法，也许我可以参考。”
"This senior, you might as well talk about your method, maybe I can refer to it."
龙影：“虽然你是生命之树，是我们龙族和精灵族最好的朋友，但二十份祭品，一份也不能少。”
Dragon Shadow: "Although you are the Tree of Life and the best friend of our Dragon Clan and Elf Clan, you cannot miss one of the twenty sacrifices. ”
雷木笑：“好，只要您告诉我方法，祭品保证少不了您的。”
Lei Mu smiled: "Okay, as long as you tell me the method, the sacrifice is guaranteed to be yours." ”
龙影满意了：“生命之树也是很厉害的，否则他们不会成为精灵族的共生伙伴。如果你能弄到精灵族的纯血，或者我们龙族的纯血，把自己转化成龙血生命树或者元素生命树，那么魔种将只会是你成长的养分。不管是什么都一样，树人族可以把很多强大的力量当做自己的养分。只不过魔族力量比较霸道，需要同等乃至更高的能量相抗衡。”
Dragon Shadow was satisfied: "The Tree of Life is also very powerful, otherwise they would not become the symbiotic partners of the elves." If you can get the pure blood of the elves, or the pure blood of our dragons, and transform yourself into a dragon blood life tree or an elemental life tree, then the demon seed will only be the nutrient for your growth. Whatever it is, the Treants can use a lot of great power as their nourishment. It's just that the power of the demon race is more domineering, and it needs the same or even higher energy to compete. ”
龙影说到这里，忽然又打量雷木：“其实我觉得你似乎已经在朝这个方向转变，你一开始给我的感觉就很复杂，像是树人族，又像是精灵族，身上还有龙族的气息，当然也有魔气，似乎还有一些人类血脉。但你又不是杂种，你更像是在转化……不，是进化中，你明白我的意思吗？”
When the dragon shadow said this, he suddenly looked at Lei Mu again: "Actually, I think you seem to have been changing in this direction, you gave me a very complicated feeling at the beginning, like the tree people race, and like the elf race, and there is still the breath of the dragon clan on the body, of course, there is also demonic energy, and there seems to be some human blood." But you're not a mongrel, you're more like you're transforming...... No, it's evolving, you know what I mean? ”
王叶心跳加快，握住雷木的手，激动得都有些颤抖。 Wang Ye's heart beat faster, and he held Lei Mu's hand, trembling a little with excitement.
雷木同样，他必须克制自己，才能保证声音沉稳依旧：“前辈，我跟您再说说我的情况吧，您看我这样是在……进化中吗。”
Lei Mu is the same, he must restrain himself in order to ensure that his voice is still calm: "Senior, let me tell you about my situation, you see what I am doing like this...... Evolving. ”
雷木把自己的身世和复杂血脉也大概说了说。 Lei Mu also talked about his life experience and complex bloodline.
这时他甚至顾不得大黑就在后面旁听。不过他的身世也没什么见不得人的地方，至于他身为生命之树幼苗这点，他相信大黑就算告诉两位老祖，两位老祖也不会对他怎样。
At this time, he didn't even care about the big black and listened in the back. However, there is nothing unremarkable about his background, and as for the fact that he is a seedling of the Tree of Life, he believes that even if Da Hei tells the two ancestors, the two ancestors will not do anything to him.
龙影听得身体换了好几个姿势，还不时发出“哇、哦、嚯”的惊叹声。
The dragon shadow heard that his body changed several postures, and from time to time he let out an exclamation of "wow, oh, ho".
“你的出生可真是奇迹。”龙影听完，无限感叹地道。 "Your birth is a miracle." After listening to this, Long Ying sighed infinitely.
王叶也跟着叹息：“谁说不是呢。” Wang Ye also sighed: "Who said it wasn't." ”
龙影再次围绕雷木盘旋，让雷木不断转化其他血脉，过了好一会儿才回归鲜花上。
The dragon shadow circled around Lei Mu again, allowing Lei Mu to continuously transform other bloodlines, and it took a while to return to the flowers.
“我需要三十份祭品。不要觉得多，我敢打赌，现在的双月星，除了我，大概没有任何存在能帮助你，包括树人族和生命之树本身。”
"I need thirty sacrifices. Don't think it's too much, I bet that the current Twin Moon Stars, apart from me, probably don't have any existence that can help you, including the Treants and the Tree of Life itself. ”
不等雷木开口，王叶就道：“没问题！如果您能解决雷木的情况，别说三十份，送您回您族地的路上，我会让您吃个够，到了族地，我也会给您留下足够多的祭品。如果您愿意，以后我们还能带着祭品去祭拜您。”
Without waiting for Lei Mu to speak, Wang Ye said, "No problem!" If you can solve the situation of Lei Mu, let alone thirty servings, on the way back to your clan land, I will let you eat enough, and when you get to the clan land, I will also leave you enough sacrifices. If you wish, we can bring sacrifices to you in the future. ”
龙影高兴了：“族地祭拜就不用了，我知道你们这些人类都想找到我们龙族的族地，我不会让你进去的。不过前面这些都可以，你说你会让我吃个够，对吗？”
Dragon Shadow was happy: "There is no need to worship in the clan land, I know that you humans want to find our dragon clan's clan land, and I won't let you in." But all of the first ones are fine, and you said you'd let me eat enough, right? ”
“我保证！但食材方面，可能会不太让您满意，毕竟我和雷木的实力比您差远了。”
"I promise! But in terms of ingredients, it may not be very satisfying to you, after all, the strength of Lei Mu and I is far worse than yours. ”
“嗯，食材不是问题。你只要能做出给那些人类国王类似的祭品就可以。”龙影高兴得长尾都舒展了。
"Well, the ingredients aren't the problem. All you need to do is make a sacrifice like that to the human kings. The dragon shadow was so happy that her long tail stretched.
王叶也干脆，当场拿出一套魔法厨具和食材：“前辈，您帮雷木解决问题，我这就给您做好吃的。”
Wang Ye also took out a set of magic kitchenware and ingredients on the spot: "Senior, you help Lei Mu solve the problem, and I will make something delicious for you." ”
龙影：“很好。” Dragon Shadow: "Good. ”
龙影转而又对雷木道：“在我告诉你方法之前，你需要先解决你身上最后一道封印。”
The Dragon Shadow turned to Lei Mu and said, "Before I can tell you the method, you need to deal with the last seal on your body. ”
“我们正准备去找撒洛特，不过他不太好对付。”雷木有点担心地道。
"We're going to go to Salotte, but he's not going to be easy to deal with." Remu was a little worried.
“不好对付？他以为他是谁？神灵吗？在我的地盘，他就算是半神，都得乖乖听话！”龙影特别霸气地道。
"Difficult to deal with? Who does he think he is? Gods? In my territory, even if he is a demigod, he has to be obedient! "The dragon shadow is particularly domineering.
王叶听了这话，拿出的食材立刻就上了一个档次。 When Wang Ye heard this, the ingredients he took out immediately went up a notch.
“我送你过去，你和那只狗亡灵一起过去就可以了，其他人没必要过去。如果那撒洛特找你麻烦，我会帮你。”龙影道。
"I'll send you over, you can go with that dog undead, no one else needs to go over. If Natharote is in trouble with you, I'll help you. Dragon Shadow said.
王叶再次给食材升了一个档次。 Wang Ye once again raised the ingredients to a higher level.
龙影瞄到，在心里轻哼：不见兔子不撒鹰的小兔崽子！ The dragon shadow saw it and hummed softly in his heart: The little rabbit cub who doesn't see the rabbit and doesn't scatter the eagle!
王叶还想跟雷木一起过去，表示祭品等会儿回来再做。 Wang Ye also wanted to go over with Lei Mu, saying that the sacrifice would be made when he came back later.
雷木对王叶道：“既然前辈说我和大黑前辈一起过去就可以，那就我们过去，你留下来给龙前辈准备祭品。”
Lei Mu said to Wang Ye: "Since the seniors said that I can go with the big black seniors, then let's go over, and you stay to prepare sacrifices for the dragon seniors." ”
王叶不同意，跟龙影道：“让我和雷木一起过去，我给您做一百分祭品！”
Wang Ye disagreed, and said to Long Ying: "Let me go with Lei Mu, and I will make you a hundred points of sacrifice!" ”
“成交。”龙影手臂一挥。 "Deal." Dragon Shadow waved his arm.
王叶和雷木，还有大黑就换了地方。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu, as well as Da Hei, changed places.
金宝：“爸叽？”他爸爸们呢？ Jinbao: "Dad? "What about his dads?
为什么只有他一个留下了？ Why is he the only one left?
金宝焦急地冲着鲜花上的龙影叽叽吼。 Campbell anxiously chirped at the dragon shadow on the flowers.
龙影特别邪恶地对着金宝狰狞地笑：“你叫啊，叫破喉咙也没人来救你。说吧，你是选择进化成我这样威武雄壮又娇艳美丽的龙族，还是选择那些弱不拉几的元素精灵族？”
The dragon shadow smiled wickedly at Jinbao in particular, "You scream, no one will save you if you cut your throat." Say, do you choose to evolve into a mighty, majestic, delicate and beautiful dragon clan like me, or do you choose those weak elemental elves? ”
金宝：“……”选择困难了。 Jinbao: "......" is difficult to choose.
元素精灵，听起来好像也很牛掰啊。
他前段时间才跟小云小光一起看过一个很长的动画片，里面的元素精灵可厉害了，主角特别想得到元素精灵。
He watched a long cartoon with Xiaoyun Xiaoguang some time ago, and the elemental elves in it are amazing, and the protagonist especially wants to get the elemental elves.
“叽？” "Huh?"
“嗷！还有你这难听的跟鸟崽子一样的叫声，也得改过来。太不霸气了！”
"Whew! And your ugly bird-like cry has to be changed. It's not domineering! ”
“皮卡叽！” "Pikachi!"
“这是什么古怪叫法？我才死了多久，这世上的远古种竟然放弃龙族和元素精灵这两条强大的进化道路，开始往鸟类发展了吗？”
"What's this weird name? How long have I been dead, and the ancient species in this world have given up the two powerful evolutionary paths of dragons and elemental elves and started to develop into birds? ”
“叽呜！呜呜叽！” "Woohoo! Woohoo! ”
“嗷！我受不了了，你长成这个弱小的样子也就算了，竟然还叫得这么难听。你给我过来，你应该没有父母，也没有得到真正的传承，否则你不会长成这个样子。是谁孵化的你？怎么就把你教成这样，真是太娇惯了！”
"Whew! I can't stand it, even if you look so weak, you still scream so ugly. You come to me, you should have no parents and no real inheritance, otherwise you wouldn't have grown like this. Who incubated you? It's so spoiled to teach you like this! ”
金宝狂怒，他一直热乎乎的肚子终于给出了最大的反应：“噗！”
Jinbao was furious, and his stomach, which had been hot, finally gave the biggest reaction: "Poof! ”
金宝喷出了一口滚烫的金色液体。 Campbell squirted out a mouthful of hot golden liquid.
金色液体落到鲜花上，却没有融化鲜花，而是凝成了一粒粒金珠，还怪好看的。
The golden liquid fell on the flowers, but instead of melting the flowers, they condensed into gold beads, which was strangely beautiful.
金宝惊奇又郁闷，还有点小骄傲。要是爸爸们在就好了，他就可以实力炫耀他的新本领了~
Jinbao was surprised and depressed, and a little proud. If only the dads were here, he would be able to show off his new skills~
龙影小激动：“咦？还有点样子嘛。也不算太糟糕。竟然是天生的纯元素体，不但是金系，还能调节温度，不错不错，天赋尚可，还有调教的余地。你也不用选了，你这个体质选择元素精灵就是浪费，还是选择我龙族作为进化方向吧。”
Long Ying was excited: "Huh? It's kind of like that. It's not too bad. It turned out to be a natural pure elemental body, not only gold, but also the temperature, not bad, talented, and there is room for training. You don't have to choose, it's a waste for your physique to choose an elemental elf, so choose my dragon clan as the direction of evolution. ”
金宝喷出那口金色液体，就有点蔫蔫的了。 Jinbao squirted out that mouthful of golden liquid, and it was a little wilting.
就连龙影使用水龙卷把他卷起来，他都没力气反抗，任由水龙卷把他提到鲜花上。
Even when the dragon shadow used a waterspout to roll him up, he didn't have the strength to resist, allowing the waterspout to lift him up to the flowers.
“过来过来，你这个小崽子运气也算不错，我是水系，但水生金啊，我的尸骨对你应该还有些用处，与其放着腐烂，还不如让你吸收，能吸收多少就看你的能耐了。”
"Come here, your little cub is also lucky, I am a water system, but aquatic gold, my bones should still be of some use to you, rather than letting it rot, it is better to let you absorb it, how much you can absorb depends on your ability."
水生金？不是金生水吗，怎么跟他听到的地球版本不太一样？金宝很快就把这点丢到脑后，他一听可以吸收这超凶龙族的尸骨，失掉的精神立刻又回来了，他完美继承了他小叶子爸爸的一项特质：只要有好处拿，绝不会客气，更不会手软。
Aquatic gold? Isn't it Jin Shengshui, how is it different from the version of the earth he heard? Jinbao quickly put this point behind him, as soon as he heard that he could absorb the bones of this super fierce dragon clan, the lost spirit immediately returned, and he perfectly inherited one of the characteristics of his little leaf father: as long as there is a good thing to take, he will never be polite, let alone soft.
叽呜！他一定会把这条龙的尸骨精华全部吸收，半点都不给他留，他用他的饭兜发誓！
Woohoo! He will definitely absorb all the essence of this dragon's corpse bones, and leave nothing for him, he swears with his rice pocket!
王叶、雷木和大黑总算进入了真正的囚牢内。 Wang Ye, Lei Mu, and Da Hei finally entered the real prison.
一进来他们就听到了凄厉的叫声。 As soon as they entered, they heard terrible screams.
那种无法用言语的声音，根本就不像是人类能发出来的。
The kind of voice that cannot be spoken is not like a human being can make at all.
而且因为发出嘶喊声的是亡灵，他们的声音直接攻击精神核，如果精神力稍弱的存在，进入这里，听到这些凄厉叫喊，恐怕精神核都会裂开。
And because it was the undead who made the screams, their voices directly attacked the spiritual core, if the existence with slightly weaker spiritual power entered here, and heard these terrible screams, I am afraid that the spiritual core would crack.
王叶和雷木已经有准备，加上他们精神力都十分强大，还做了重重防护，这些叫声虽然刺耳，但对他们影响不大。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu were already prepared, plus their spiritual power was very strong, and they had also done a lot of protection, although these cries were harsh, they had little impact on them.
“金宝他？”雷木没看到金宝。 "Campbell?" Remu didn't see Jinbao.
王叶不在意地道：“给那意识留下了，放心，对方对金宝没有恶意。”他用因果卷确定过了。
Wang Ye said indifferently: "Left to that consciousness, rest assured, the other party has no ill will towards Jinbao." He used the volume of cause and effect to determine it.
雷木想着金宝还小，这里确实不太适合他来，就算金宝过来，他也会把金宝送入精灵空间。
大黑：“汪！”超凶的吼了一声。 Big Black: "Wang! He roared fiercely.
刚才有那龙骨的残留意识在，都没有它发挥的余地，它得让两个人类小崽知道，它也是这个囚牢的食物链最上层。
There was the residual consciousness of the dragon bone just now, and there was no room for it to play, it had to let the two human cubs know that it was also the top of the food chain in this prison.
凄厉的嘶喊声戛然而止。 The screaming came to an abrupt end.
哗啦，像是锁链的声音在地上拖拽。 There was a bang, like the sound of chains dragging on the ground.
王叶明白这些都是魂体具象化后弄出的声音，但也足以看出这里的亡灵们的实力。
Wang Ye understood that these were all sounds made after the soul body was materialized, but it was enough to see the strength of the undead here.
雷木忽然抓住王叶的手，传音道：“不要点灯，这里的亡灵讨厌光芒。”
Lei Mu suddenly grabbed Wang Ye's hand and said, "Don't light the lamp, the undead here hate light." ”
王叶点头，慢慢调适自己的眼睛。 Wang Ye nodded, slowly adjusting his eyes.
大黑似乎知道他们需要时间适应，就守在他们身边。 Daikoku seemed to know that they needed time to get used to, so he stayed by their side.
周围锁链拖地的声音越来越多。 There was more and more sound of chains mopping the floor around them.
但也许忌惮大黑，还没有谁靠近他们。 But perhaps afraid of the Great Black, no one has come near them yet.
可王叶听到了急促的呼吸声，他还听到隐约的耳语，像是在说：“有活人，活人进来了！”
But Wang Ye heard the sound of rapid breathing, and he also heard a faint whisper, as if to say: "There is a living person, a living person has come in!" ”
第310章 偷袭、先礼后兵 Chapter 310: Sneak Attack, Salute First and Soldier Later
“小心！” "Be careful!"
“汪！” "Wang!"
王叶和大黑几乎同时感应到有亡灵在偷袭他们。 Wang Ye and Da Hei sensed that an undead spirit was attacking them almost at the same time.
大黑暴怒地狂吠一声，身体蹿了出去。 Daikoku yelled in rage and jumped out.
王叶瞬间推开雷木，手中二胡琴弦已经拉响。 Wang Ye instantly pushed Lei Mu away, and the erhu strings in his hand had already sounded.
【象齿焚身】，火系群攻法术，因果之火，亦可伤害欠下王叶和雷木因果的幽灵和亡灵。
[Ivory Burning], a fire-based group attack spell, the fire of cause and effect, can also damage the ghosts and undead who owe Wang Ye and Lei Mu karma.
有亡灵在暗中偷袭他们，数量还不少。 There are undead sneaking up on them in the shadows, and there are quite a few of them.
这里的亡灵都不谈判的吗？王叶还以为到了这里可以继续用美食通关。可监牢就是监牢，这里的亡灵果然够疯狂，根本不给他们开口和送礼的机会。
Don't the undead here negotiate? Wang Ye also thought that when he arrived here, he could continue to clear customs with food. But a prison is a prison, and the undead here are really crazy enough to give them a chance to speak and give gifts.
打就打！他的食材不用花钱买吗？有些更是有钱都买不到。
Hit it! Doesn't he have to spend money on his ingredients? Some of them can't be bought even with money.
“啊！”急促的惨叫传来，漆黑的牢狱中突然亮起了几团火光。
"Ahh A rapid scream was heard, and several fires suddenly lit up in the dark prison.
“这火能焚烧灵魂！小心！”不知哪个亡灵在大喊。 "This fire burns the soul! Be careful! I don't know which of the undead is shouting.
“灭不掉！这火灭不掉！”有亡灵惨呼。 "Can't be extinguished! This fire can't be extinguished! "There are undead screams.
雷木躲过刚才的袭击，瞬间从人类血脉转成魔族血脉——他进这座监牢前就把生命之树的气息收了起来。
Thunderwood dodged the attack just now, and instantly changed from human blood to demon blood - he collected the breath of the Tree of Life before entering this prison.
雷木的身体表面浮现大量符纹，额头也长出了幽蓝色的双角。
A large number of runes appeared on the surface of Lei Mu's body, and dark blue horns also grew on his forehead.
雷木的实力比较按部就班，至今还只是六级中阶，转换魔族血脉后，可以达到七级。
Lei Mu's strength is relatively step-by-step, and it is only the sixth intermediate level, and after converting the demon bloodline, it can reach the seventh level.
但七级的实力在这座监牢中显然不太够用，可魔族对亡灵的克制力量很强，雷木自保暂时不成问题。何况王叶还给他挂上了【因果循环】保护罩。
But the strength of the seventh level is obviously not enough in this prison, but the demon clan's restraint power against the undead is very strong, and Lei Mu's self-protection is not a problem for the time being. What's more, Wang Ye also hung a [Cause and Effect Cycle] protective shield on him.
如果遇到神志不清醒的亡灵，雷木还能反过来算计对方，咬对方一口补充自己。
If he encounters an unconscious undead, Lei Mu can also calculate the other party in turn and take a bite to replenish himself.
二胡琴音非常不合时宜地在监牢中回荡。 The sound of the erhu reverberates in the prison very inopportunely.
【纠缠不清】，拉扯和纠缠住敌对亡灵，让他们束手束脚无法施展全部实力。
[Entangled], pulling and entanglement the hostile undead, leaving them unable to exert their full strength.
这些攻击雷木等人的亡灵大多神志不清，当他们发现竟然有看不见的力量竟然能绑缚住他们，这让这些亡灵极为愤怒，可他们又怎么都挣脱不了。
Most of the undead who attacked Lei Mu and the others were delirious, and when they found out that there was an invisible power that could bind them, this made these undead extremely angry, but they couldn't break free.
雷木见此，毫不犹豫地抓住一个动弹不灵的亡灵就一口咬了下去。
Seeing this, Lei Mu did not hesitate to grab a dead spirit and bite it down.
那亡灵发出了极为刺耳的叫声。 The undead let out a raspy cry.
雷木生生撕下一块那亡灵的灵魂，那亡灵被撕裂的身体边缘变得模糊，精神体也变得不再稳定。
Lei Mu tore off a piece of the undead's soul, the edges of the undead's torn body became blurred, and the spirit body became unstable.
被雷木撕扯吞噬的部分，可没办法恢复。
大黑那边有更多亡灵在围攻它。
但大黑应付还算自如。 But Da Hei coped with it quite easily.
王叶先是被背后操控这场袭击的亡灵忽略，可在王叶招来大量怪异火焰后，现在已经没有哪个亡灵可以忽略他。
“先杀那个活的小鬼！”宛如从地底深处传出的声音喝令道。
那些疯狂的灵魂一起扑向王叶。
王叶冷笑，火攻不够，那就来尝尝雷击的滋味吧。
“轰！轰轰轰！”
监牢中陡然响起了炸耳的阵阵雷鸣声。
而且监牢上空也真的出现了霹雳的光芒。
好多亡灵都看傻眼了，包括神志不清的，他们在地底下待了这么多年，早就忘了还有雷电这东西。
有些亡灵甚至呆呆地仰头看从上空劈下来的雷电。
“轰——！咔嚓！”
一道雷电击中一名扑向王叶的亡灵。
那亡灵已经被雷木撕扯了四分之一的身体，被雷电击中，竟然冒出青烟消失了。
“快躲！这雷会让亡灵彻底消失！”监牢内神智还清醒的亡灵们大惊失色，纷纷躲避。
虽然有些亡灵成天想着自杀，但真遇到消亡的危险，他们还是会本能地躲避。
牢狱中的能量忽然变得狂暴无比，此时，有几十股力量在同时袭击王叶，其中一道攻击特别强大。
王叶可不敢托大，他身上随时挂着轻功术，整个身体像掠影一样在浪潮一般的攻击中不断闪躲。
“汪！”大黑特别生气，今天不管是谁发动的这场攻击，都太不给它这个牢头面子了！
它一定要把这个背后操控者找出来，撕碎他！
王叶仗着能量充足，连续施展【报应不爽】。
一阵接一阵的雷声在监牢中响起，刺眼的闪电光芒密集到都快把漆黑的监牢变成白昼。
虽然只要不攻击那个意外厉害的小孩，那霹雳就不会追着你打，但那些攻击王叶的疯狂亡灵到处奔逃，有时就会跑到没有出手的亡灵身边，这就很容易造成误伤了。
“撒洛特你这个老不死，快停下攻击！”不知是谁发出了一声愤怒的吼叫：“你想死，不要连累我们！”
这里的亡灵都不是什么好东西，实力又相差不大，谁怕谁啊！在这里大家只认实力，不认地位，更不会认你死之前的地位。
银月第一代国王的撒洛特在这里并没有得到特殊待遇。
如果不是撒洛特控制了部分神志不清醒的亡灵，这场偷袭都发动不起来。其他亡灵都不会同意，没有亡灵想要得罪牢头狗。
大黑撕碎了挡在它前面的最后一只疯狂亡灵，来到了监牢最深处：“汪！”
那些被撕碎的亡灵并没有就此消失，他们的灵魂只要没有被吞吃掉，就会慢慢合拢恢复，只不过会暂时失去战斗力。
而雷木似乎在连续吞噬了七八个亡灵的灵魂碎片后，他的身法越发诡异，实力也在稳步上升，转眼就从七级升到了七级顶阶。
也不怪他能升级这么快，这个监牢里关押的亡灵可都是至少八级以上的大佬。
能把亡灵等级修到八级，就证明其精神力有多强大。 Being able to cultivate the undead level to level eight proves how strong its spiritual power is.
真实实力才六级的雷木吃下这么多精神力，还能直接消化，实力能不快速上升吗？
Lei Mu, whose real strength is only level six, eats so much spiritual power, and can he still digest it directly, can his strength not rise quickly?
被控制的疯狂亡灵越来越少。 There are fewer and fewer crazy undead being controlled.
靳蜘蛛见此就没出来支援，原本他作为机械体就不擅长对付亡灵类，就算他出手，他对亡灵的伤害效果恐怕还不如三分之一个雷木。
Seeing this, Jin Spider didn't come out to support, originally he was not good at dealing with the undead as a mechanical body, even if he made a move, his damage effect to the undead was probably not as good as a third of the thunderwood.
“汪！汪汪汪！”大黑找到了这场袭击的背后操纵者。 "Wang! Woohoo! "Daikoku has found the manipulator behind this attack.
也没其他人，就是我们的撒洛特陛下。 There is no one else, not our Majesty Salot.
监牢深处响起了一阵凌乱的扒门声。 There was a messy knock on the door from the depths of the cell.
“够了！”貌似撒洛特的亡灵像是在对谁大吼。 "Enough!" It looked like the undead of Salotte were yelling at someone.
大黑：“汪！” Big Black: "Wang! ”
“我现在就停下攻击！你离我远一点！”撒洛特暴躁地喊。
"I'm going to stop attacking now! Stay away from me! Sallot shouted irritably.
来自亡灵们的攻击陡然停止。 The attacks from the undead suddenly stopped.
雷击声和闪电也跟着消失。 The sound of lightning and lightning also disappeared.
王叶看那些被因果之火烧得死去活来却怎么都无法彻底死亡的亡灵，收回了火焰。
Wang Ye looked at the undead who were burned to death by the fire of cause and effect, but could not completely die, and withdrew the flames.
监牢内再次变得一片黑暗，这次可就安静多了。 The prison was dark again, this time much quieter.
王叶这时眼睛已经能适应黑暗，准确地跳到雷木身边，问：“你受伤了？”他闻到了血腥味。
Wang Ye's eyes had been able to adapt to the darkness at this time, and he jumped to Lei Mu's side accurately and asked, "Are you injured?" "He smelled blood.
雷木满是古魔文的脸神态轻松：“还行，我伤口现在愈合越来越快，你看。”
Lei Mu's face was full of ancient demons, and his expression was relaxed: "It's okay, my wounds are healing faster and faster now, you see." ”
雷木抬起手臂。 Raimu raised his arm.
王叶看那伤口愈合速度果然很快，一条半尺长的伤口肉眼可见的就收口了，这才放心。
Wang Ye saw that the wound was healing very quickly, and a half-foot-long wound was visible to the naked eye, so he was relieved.
大黑没回来，似乎在盯着谁。 Da Hei didn't come back, and seemed to be staring at someone.
“守墓人，你是来履行契约的吗？”撒洛特一副刚才什么事都没发生的口吻，幽幽问道。
"Grave keeper, are you here to fulfill the contract?" Salotte asked in a tone that nothing had happened just now.
雷木微微抬头，看向黑暗深处：“我来解除封印。” Lei Mu raised his head slightly and looked into the depths of the darkness: "I'll break the seal." ”
“本王想你一定没忘记让本王解除封印，要付出什么代价吧？”撒洛特特意提醒。
"This king thinks you must have not forgotten what price you have to pay for letting this king lift the seal, right?" Salot specially reminded.
“我没忘记。”雷木淡淡道。 "I haven't forgotten." Lei Mu said lightly.
“没忘记就好，你们可以过来了，顺着幽影蘑菇走。刚才只是一个小小的考验。看样子，你已经合魂，而且魂魄还很稳定。”撒洛特干巴巴地恭喜。
"It's good that you haven't forgotten, you can come over and follow the shadow mushroom. It was just a small test. It seems that you have a soul, and your soul is still stable. Salotte congratulated dryly.
“屁！”王叶不客气地道：“这叫考验？明明你是想看看雷木的魂体是否稳定，因为常识都知道，分魂多年后再次合魂，那魂体一定很不稳，稍微受到一点精神力攻击，都可能崩溃。”
"!" Wang Ye said unceremoniously: "This is called a test? Obviously, you want to see if Lei Mu's soul body is stable, because common sense knows that if the soul is reunited after many years of separation, the soul body must be very unstable, and if it is attacked by a little spiritual power, it may collapse. ”
撒洛特冷声道：“你是谁？” Salotte said coldly, "Who are you?" ”
随即撒洛特又质问雷木：“你是守墓人，你难道不知道地宫的规矩吗？这个活人小鬼是你带进来的？”
Then Salotte questioned Lei Mu again: "You are a tomb keeper, don't you know the rules of the underground palace?" You brought this living imp in? ”
雷木和王叶都没理睬这位第一代国王陛下。 Lei Mu and Wang Ye ignored His Majesty the first king.
王叶心神似有所感应，当即拉住雷木，消耗大量能量给雷木施展了一个他在八十级开启的技能【祸福相依】。
Wang Ye's heart seemed to have a sense, and he immediately grabbed Lei Mu and consumed a lot of energy to give Lei Mu a skill that he had opened at level eighty [Blessing and Misfortune].
这个技能分祝福和招祸。 This skill is divided into blessing and misfortune.
祝福给予己方，能带来福运，在己方成员遇到危险和灾祸时施展，效果最好。通常可以逢凶化吉、转危为安。
Blessings are bestowed on oneself and bring good fortune when one's members encounter danger and calamity. Usually, it is possible to turn evil into good fortune and turn danger into safety.
招祸当然是对敌方施展，尤其在敌人一帆风顺时施展可见奇效，特别适合给敌人添堵用。
Of course, it is a miracle to use on the enemy, especially when the enemy is smooth sailing, and it is especially suitable for adding blockage to the enemy.
只不过这个技能想要施展，需要消耗比雷击群攻法术还要多几倍的能量。
It's just that if you want to cast this skill, you need to consume several times more energy than the lightning strike group attack spell.
王叶给雷木施展祝福的同时，也顺便给撒洛特施展了相反的招祸。
While Wang Ye blessed Lei Mu, he also performed the opposite trick on Salotte by the way.
雷木侧头看了眼王叶。他刚刚忽然感到一阵说不出的轻松，这种感觉很难用言语描述，就好像这个让人窒息和恐惧的监牢忽然变得小清新了不少。
Lei Mu glanced sideways at Wang Ye. He had just felt an indescribable lightness, a feeling that was difficult to describe in words, as if this suffocating and terrifying prison had suddenly become much smaller and fresher.
王叶拍拍雷木的手臂，表示可以走了。 Wang Ye patted Lei Mu's arm, indicating that he could go.
两人很快就看到了幽影蘑菇。 The two soon saw the Shadow Mushroom.
那是一群种在墙角的蘑菇，能发出很淡的荧光。 It was a group of mushrooms planted in the corner of the wall, and it glowed very faintly.
王叶的眼睛之所以这么快就适应这里的黑暗，就是因为有这些微弱的光源。
The reason why Wang Ye's eyes adapted to the darkness here so quickly was because of these faint light sources.
通过幽影蘑菇透出的一点光亮，王叶也把这座监牢看了个分明。
Through the little light revealed by the shadow mushroom, Wang Ye also saw this prison clearly.
监牢有囚室，都是独立间。 The cells have cells, all of which are private rooms.
有点像是疯人院的禁闭室，完全封闭。 It's kind of like a confinement chamber in an insane asylum, completely closed.
但囚室的门却是透明的，可以清楚看到里面的亡灵。 But the door of the cell is transparent, and the undead inside can be clearly seen.
王叶和雷木走过这些囚室，里面的亡灵就沉默地看着他们。
Wang Ye and Lei Mu walked through these cells, and the undead inside looked at them in silence.
有些亡灵疯疯癫癫，冲着他们嚷嚷着什么，但王叶和雷木能消灭亡灵这点，吓住了这些疯癫的亡灵，加上有撒洛特命令，他们的囚室也被再次关闭，再疯癫的亡灵也跑不出来。
Some of the undead were crazy and shouted at them, but Wang Ye and Lei Mu were able to destroy the undead, which frightened these crazy undead, and with Salot's order, their cells were also closed again, and no matter how crazy the undead were, they couldn't escape.
原本这些囚室应该都紧紧关闭着，可现在，却有不少囚室处在敞开状态。
Originally, these cells should have been tightly closed, but now, many of them are open.
这也是让大黑极为愤怒的一个要素。 This is also an element that makes Daikoku extremely angry.
它不过有一段时间没来……也许七八年或者更长？它要睡觉啊，狗亡灵也是要睡觉修养的。这个监牢的囚室门竟然就被打开了大部分。
It hasn't been here in a while...... Maybe seven or eight years or more? It wants to sleep, and the dog undead also needs to sleep and cultivate. The cell door of this cell was mostly opened.
更让大黑愤怒的是，撒洛特竟然偷偷控制了那么多神志不清的亡灵。
What made Dahei even more angry was that Salotte had secretly controlled so many delirious undead.
撒洛特也在可惜，当他发现监牢门打开，就想趁机跑出去，可他看到了大黑。
Salotte was also in pity, when he found the cell door open, he wanted to take the opportunity to run out, but he saw the big black.
讨厌的死狗！ Nasty dead dog!
如果这是一只普通狗就算了，偏偏这只死狗的实力并不比他弱。
If this is an ordinary dog, forget it, but the strength of this dead dog is not weaker than him.
撒洛特只能放弃逃出监牢的原计划——其实他也不是特别想逃，除非他能把那两位老祖也解决掉。
Salotte had no choice but to abandon his original plan to escape from prison - in fact, he didn't particularly want to escape, unless he could get rid of the two ancestors.
好吧，就算监牢门打开，如果没有得到允许，他还是很难闯出去。这座囚牢的能量非常古怪，他曾经联合大半囚牢中的亡灵一起攻击这座囚牢，都没能打出一丝缝隙。
Well, even if the cell door was open, it would be difficult for him to break out without permission. The energy of this prison is very strange, and he has united most of the undead in the prison to attack this prison, but he has not been able to make a single gap.
当年守墓人小时是怎么挖出一个缝隙，进入囚牢的，简直就是一个谜。
How the grave keeper dug a gap and entered the prison when he was a child is simply a mystery.
然后他就看到了雷木和王叶。 Then he saw Lei Mu and Wang Ye.
撒洛特一看到雷木就猜出了他的身份，也知道他是来干嘛的。
As soon as Salotte saw Remu, he guessed his identity and knew what he was here for.
那小孩猜得不错，他确实想趁守墓人刚刚合魂、灵魂不稳之际，攻击守墓人，如果能让守墓人魂体重伤最好。
The kid guessed well, he really wanted to attack the grave keeper while the grave keeper had just joined his soul and his soul was unstable, and it would be best if the grave keeper's soul could be seriously injured.
谁想到守墓人本身实力提高了不少，守墓人身边那个原本被他当做弱者的小孩更意外地难缠。
Who would have thought that the strength of the grave keeper himself had improved a lot, and the child beside the grave keeper who was originally regarded as a weak person by him was even more unexpectedly difficult.
尤其小孩的力量，和魔族完全不同，却能伤害和彻底泯灭他们这些被困还不能真正死亡的亡灵。
In particular, the power of children is completely different from that of demons, but it can hurt and completely annihilate them, the undead who are trapped and can't really die.
撒洛特想，也就是现在有些亡灵没反应过来，等会儿反应过来，大概就要有亡灵排队去找那小崽子，只求让他们彻底安息。
Salotte thought that some of the undead had not reacted now, and when they did, there would probably be undead queuing up to find the little cub, just to let them rest completely.
雷木和王叶很快就走到了监牢深处——这里的囚室并不多，终于见到了那位传说中的银月第一代国王撒洛特。
Lei Mu and Wang Ye soon walked to the depths of the prison - there were not many cells here, and finally met the legendary first king of the silver moon, Salot.
意外的是，这位开国国王看起来特别普通。 Surprisingly, the founding king looked particularly ordinary.
他身上也没有那种让人一看就想跪拜的王八气质，就像一个普通老头，就是面相有些刻薄，像是魔化的吸血鬼的脸，脸颊肉都瘦没了。
He doesn't have the temperament of a king who makes people want to bow down at a glance, just like an ordinary old man, but his face is a little mean, like the face of a demonized vampire, and his cheeks are thin.
身上的衣着也不华贵，饰品也不多，只食指上戴着一枚很大的黑宝石戒指。
The clothes on his body are not luxurious, and there are not many ornaments, except for a large black gemstone ring on his index finger.
看似普通的撒洛特坐在囚室内，皱着眉头看着外面……的大黑。
大黑也冷冷盯着他。
王叶和雷木谁都不敢轻视这位国王陛下。
王叶还想到一个词，返璞归真。
这位第一代国王可是活了四百多岁，死后变成亡灵又熬了千多年，又吞噬了不少灵魂，他现在的实力，绝对不会低于圣级。
大黑尾巴扫了扫王叶的小腿，表示它已经镇住了这个闹事的家伙。
撒洛特看到大黑的表情，脸色阴沉，他不会跟一只狗一般见识！
Salot's face was gloomy when he saw Da Hei's expression, he wouldn't be as knowledgeable as a dog!
大黑：“汪！” Big Black: "Wang! ”
“我们就不用绕弯弯了，也没必要再浪费时间，就按照我们当初约定的，你付给本王你五分之一的血液和一根骨头，本王给你解除封印。”撒洛特迅速对雷木主动提出当初的约定。
"We don't have to go around the bush, and we don't need to waste any more time, just according to what we agreed at the beginning, you pay this king one-fifth of your blood and a bone, and this king will lift the seal for you." Salotte quickly offered the original agreement to Thunderwood.
雷木：“如果我不想付出我的血液和骨头呢？” Remu: "What if I don't want to give my blood and bones?" ”
撒洛特冷笑：“这世上从没有平白给出的好处。如果你想解除封印，就必须遵守当初的约定。如果你不肯，违约者是你，不是本王。”
Salotte sneered: "There is no benefit in this world. If you want to break the seal, you must keep the original agreement. If you refuse, you will be the one who violates the law, not the king. ”
王叶举手：“撒洛特陛下，既然你开门见山，那我们也直爽点，你想要我哥的血液和骨头，应该不是想借此创造出一具新身体，而是想要控制我哥，并借此抢占他的身体，对吗？”
Wang Ye raised his hand: "Your Majesty Salot, since you are straight to the point, then we should be straightforward, you want my brother's blood and bones, you should not want to create a new body through this, but want to control my brother and use it to seize his body, right?" ”
撒洛特也不奇怪他的心思会被猜出，他没承认也没否认。
Salotte was not surprised that his mind would be guessed, and he did not admit or deny it.
王叶看撒洛特一副稳坐泰山的模样，眼神变暗，又道：“如果你只是想要一具身体，我们完全可以商量。如果你想脱离现在的困境，我们也可以想办法帮忙。合约定了也可以改，只要双方都同意。”
Wang Ye looked at Salote's appearance of sitting firmly on Mount Tai, his eyes darkened, and said, "If you just want a body, we can discuss it." If you want to get out of the current situation, we can also find a way to help. The contract can also be changed if it is settled, as long as both parties agree. ”
撒洛特唇角牵出一丝讥讽的线条。这小崽子以为他是谁？竟然敢跟他谈条件！
The corners of Salotte's lips drew a line of sarcasm. Who does this little cub think he is? Dare to negotiate terms with him!
“我还可以为您提供好吃的祭品，亡灵可以吃的那种。您要不要尝尝？”王叶拿出了一盘糕点，用能量托着，送到撒洛特面前。
"I can also provide you with delicious offerings, the kind that the undead can eat. Would you like to try it? Wang Ye took out a plate of pastries, held it with energy, and sent it to Salot.
可是撒洛特手一翻，就把那盘糕点砸在了地上。 But Salotte's hand flipped over and smashed the plate of pastries on the floor.
这位陛下还说：“就凭这点伎俩就想谋害本王？你们真是太小看本王了！”
His Majesty also said, "Just by this trick you want to murder this king?" You guys are underestimating this king! ”
王叶：好嘛，碰到了一个患有被害妄想症和疑心病的国王。
Wang Ye: Well, I met a king who suffers from paranoia and paranoia of being killed.
不过多疑好像是绝大多数国王的通病，只这位病情更重一些。
However, suspicion seems to be a common problem for most kings, but this one is more seriously ill.
大黑一脸可惜地看着砸在地上的糕点，冲着撒洛特就超凶地汪了一声。
Da Hei looked at the pastry smashed on the ground with a pity on his face, and snorted at Salotte fiercely.
撒洛特：“……”死狗！ Salot: "......" dead dog!
等他出去的那一天，他一定要让这只死狗的亡灵尝遍地宫中所有惩罚，再吞噬掉它的灵魂！
On the day he goes out, he must let the undead spirit of this dead dog taste all the punishments in the dungeon, and then devour its soul!
雷木脸色也不太好，看到小叶子辛辛苦苦做出来的食物就这么被砸了，他特别想把那盘子直接砸在撒洛特的脸上。
Lei Mu's face was not very good, seeing that the food that Xiao Yezi had worked so hard to make was smashed like this, he especially wanted to smash the plate directly on Salot's face.
王叶却看着那盘被砸烂的糕点，在心中微笑。 Wang Ye looked at the smashed pastry and smiled in his heart.
这位国王其实也没冤枉他，他确实下毒了。 The king didn't actually wronged him, he did poison him.
而且是能对亡灵百分百有效的毒药，还让亡灵无法察觉。
这点要感谢疯药王。 This is thanks to the Mad Medicine King.
这位变成亡灵后，就开始对亡灵用药感兴趣。老疯子不仅研究了能辅助亡灵精神力提升的药剂，还搞出了能让亡灵精神体衰弱甚至崩溃的药剂。
After this became an undead, he became interested in the medicine of the undead. The old madman not only researched the potion that could assist the undead to improve their mental power, but also came up with a potion that could weaken or even collapse the undead spirit.
撒洛特虽然把这盘糕点砸了，但……又不是所有药剂要吃到肚子里才有效。
Although Salotte smashed the plate of pastries, she ...... Not all potions have to be eaten in the stomach to be effective.
再说，疯药王就压根没指望过他的药剂能被亡灵服下，所以这种药剂不是靠服用起效果，而是从外面感染灵魂体。
Besides, the Mad Medicine King never expected his potion to be taken by the undead, so this potion did not work by taking it, but infected the soul body from the outside.
撒洛特现在还什么都不知道，虽说有大黑在一边威胁他……，但是他自认他现在是控制者，就不怕守墓人不乖乖交出他的血液和骨头。
Salotte didn't know anything yet, and although there was a big black threatening him ......, he thought he was now the one in control, so he wasn't afraid that the grave keeper wouldn't hand over his blood and bones.
就算守墓人最终不肯，其脑中那道封印也会在未来成为他夺舍和吞噬守墓人精神核的便捷通道。
Even if the grave keeper finally refuses, the seal in his mind will become a convenient passage for him to seize and devour the tomb keeper's spiritual core in the future.
王叶打开了因果卷。 Wang Ye opened the cause and effect scroll.
其实想要让雷木不履行当初的约定、还不用受到契约惩罚，并不是毫无办法，他有一个保底技能，就是【斩断因果】。
In fact, it is not impossible to make Lei Mu not fulfill the original agreement and not be punished by the contract, he has a guarantee skill, which is [Cutting Cause and Effect].
但他能借用【斩断因果】这个技能斩断雷木和撒洛特之间的契约，却无法逼迫撒洛特为雷木解除封印。
However, he was able to use the skill [Cut Cause and Effect] to cut off the contract between Lei Mu and Salot, but he couldn't force Salot to break the seal for Lei Mu.
那么现在要怎么搞定这个难搞的银月第一代国王？ So how do you deal with this difficult first king of Silvermoon now?
武力逼迫？ Coercion by force?
请大黑和那位龙的意识一起出手对付这位国王亡灵？ Ask Daikoku and the dragon's consciousness to fight against the king's undead?
王叶眯眼，他得给这位国王陛下准备一个好的台阶，否则等会儿对方下不了台，强行硬撑那就麻烦了。
Wang Ye squinted, he had to prepare a good step for His Majesty the King, otherwise the other party would not be able to get off the stage after a while, and it would be troublesome to force it to hold on.
“尊敬的撒洛特陛下，您的情况我已经从两位老祖那里了解过。”王叶头一句话表示他们有更强大的靠山。
"Honorable Your Majesty Salot, I have already learned about your situation from the two Ancestors." Wang Ye's first sentence said that they had stronger backers.
“您是想要转变成魔族，来脱离当初和魔族签订的灵魂契约，对吗？”王叶第二句直点关键。
"You want to transform into a demon to break away from the soul contract you signed with the demon race, right?" Wang Ye's second sentence is straight to the point.
撒洛特终于正眼看向王叶：“看来那两位跟你说了不少。”
Salotte finally looked at Wang Ye: "It seems that those two have told you a lot." ”
撒洛特心里痛骂两个老不死跟个小崽子说他坏话，嘴上却不敢这么称呼这两位。那死狗还在旁边听着呢！
Salotte scolded the two old immortals in his heart for speaking ill of him to a little cub, but he didn't dare to call them that. The dead dog is still listening!
王叶微笑：“我和雷木这次过来，除了想要请您出手帮他解除封印，还有一件事，我们想要告诉您。”
Wang Ye smiled: "Lei Mu and I came here this time, in addition to asking you to help him break the seal, there is one more thing we want to tell you." ”
“什么事？”撒洛特貌似很不在乎地随口问道。 "What's the matter?" Salotte asked casually, seemingly nonchalant.
王叶吐字清晰地道：“我和雷木找到了前往魔族的通道。如果撒洛特陛下愿意为我哥解除封印，那么我们两人将保证把您的亡灵带出地宫，并带入魔界。”
Wang Ye said clearly: "Lei Mu and I found a way to the demon clan. If His Majesty Salotte is willing to lift the seal for my brother, then the two of us will guarantee to take your undead out of the dungeon and into the Demon Realm. ”
撒洛特这么能折腾，让他去魔界折腾魔族刚好，最好能和魔族互相折磨，变成魔族别回来了。
Salotte is so good at tossing, it's just right for him to go to the demon world to toss the demons, it's best to torture each other with the demons, and don't come back when he becomes a demon.
撒洛特的表情控制得非常好，让人看不出他的实际心情：“你说你们能把我带出地宫？难道你们能说服当初和我契约的魔族？”
Salote's expression was very well controlled, so that people couldn't tell his actual mood: "You said you can take me out of the dungeon?" Can you convince the demons who made a contract with me in the first place? ”
王叶耸肩：“我们都不知道他是谁，当然不可能说服他。我的意思是，我们打算毁掉这座地宫和祭坛，你们被束缚，是束缚在地宫中。当地宫消失，你们的束缚自然也会消失。”
Wang Ye shrugged: "We don't know who he is, of course it's impossible to convince him." I mean, we're going to destroy this dungeon and the altar, and you're in bondage, you're in bondage. When the underground palace disappears, your restraints will naturally disappear as well. ”
撒洛特突然嗤笑：“小鬼，你说得可真轻松。难道那两位老祖没告诉你们，这个地宫的魔法阵和建造图都是由那名魔族提供，如果这地宫真的这么容易就被摧毁，你以为那二位为什么到现在都没动手？”
Salotte suddenly sneered: "Little ghost, you said it so easily. Didn't those two ancestors tell you that the magic array and construction map of this dungeon were all provided by that demon clan, if this dungeon was really destroyed so easily, why do you think those two haven't done it until now? ”
王叶信心十足地说：“我自然有我的方法。” Wang Ye said confidently: "I naturally have my own method. ”
撒洛特不信，他仍旧坚持按照原来的约定。 Salotte didn't believe it, and he still insisted on the original agreement.
王叶叹息：“先礼后兵，先软后硬。虽然我们很想和您尽量和平并互利互助地解决封印一事，但现在看来，陛下您似乎很瞧不上我们的实力。为了表示我们有实力和您平等对话，也只能……”
Wang Ye sighed: "Salute first and then soldier, soft first and then hard." Although we would love to settle the seal with you as peacefully and mutually beneficial as possible, it seems that your Majesty does not look down on our strength. In order to show that we have the strength to talk to you on an equal footing, we can only ......"
王叶突然喊道：“大黑前辈，靠你了！搞定这位陛下，我再给你免费加工五条无头鱼！”
Wang Ye suddenly shouted: "Senior Dahei, it's up to you!" Get this Your Majesty, and I'll give you five more headless fish for free! ”
大黑兴奋：“汪！” Da Hei was excited: "Wang! ”
王叶同时对着整个监牢喊道：“龙前辈，您听到了吗？麻烦您配合出手，祭品好说！”
Wang Ye shouted at the entire prison at the same time, "Senior Long, did you hear that? Please cooperate with the shot, the sacrifice is easy to say! ”
撒洛特听到王叶喊了大黑的名字，心里就觉得不妙。 When Salotte heard Wang Ye shouting Da Hei's name, he felt bad in his heart.
但王叶还喊了龙前辈，他就有点搞不清楚了。 But Wang Ye also called Senior Long, and he was a little confused.
龙？难道这小鬼真的带了一头龙族进来？ Dragon? Could it be that this little imp really brought in a dragon?
不可能吧？！ Impossible, right?!
事实告诉撒洛特陛下，这世上就是有不可能的事发生。 The facts tell His Majesty that there is nothing impossible in this world.
大黑身体突然暴涨三倍，头脸和身体都变异了，看起来就像是一个怪物。
Da Hei's body suddenly skyrocketed three times, and his head, face, and body all changed, and he looked like a monster.
王叶亲眼看到那位第一代国王陛下下意识就想要锁死囚室门。
Wang Ye saw with his own eyes that His Majesty the first king subconsciously wanted to lock the door of the cell.
但没用，牢门根本挡不住牢头狗。 But it didn't work, the cell door couldn't stop the cell head dog at all.
大黑一口咬向撒洛特陛下的大腿。 Big Black bites down on His Majesty Salot's thigh.
撒洛特身体一晃，脚尖点了下地面——正好踩中他打翻的糕点，竟然从囚室里跑了出来。
Salotte shook his body and tapped his toes on the ground—just in time to step on the pastry he had knocked over, and ran out of his cell.
大黑在后面狂追。 Big Black chases after him.
王叶看到撒洛特亡灵直接碰触到了糕点，呵呵一笑，靠在雷木身上，拉起二胡暗中施展【纠缠不清】，偷偷拖拽那位陛下的脚步。
Wang Ye saw that the undead of Salotte had directly touched the pastry, he smiled, leaned on Lei Mu, pulled up the erhu and secretly performed [Entanglement], and secretly dragged His Majesty's footsteps.
咬人的狗不叫，大黑全程没有发出半点声音，只一个劲追着撒洛特咬他。
The biting dog didn't bark, and Da Hei didn't make a sound the whole time, only chased after Salotte and bit him.
撒洛特恨不得肋生双翅，他讨厌狗！极度讨厌！如果他还活着，他一定要把全天下的狗都宰了！
Salotte longs for wings, he hates dogs! Extremely nasty! If he was still alive, he would slaughter all the dogs in the world!
撒洛特也不想就这么狂跑，太没面子了！可他忍不住啊，只要有狗追他，他下意识拔腿就想跑。
Salotte doesn't want to run away like this, it's too shameless! But he couldn't help it, as long as there was a dog chasing him, he subconsciously pulled his legs and wanted to run.
古怪的是，整个监牢，明明占地很大，可此时它竟然在不断缩小。
The strange thing is that the entire prison occupies a large area, but at this time it is constantly shrinking.
更古怪的是，撒洛特感觉有什么东西在抽取他的能量，每当他的脚或身体任何部位碰触到囚牢地面或任意一处，他灵魂中的能量就被吸取了出去。
Even more bizarrely, Salotte felt that something was draining his energy, and whenever his feet or any part of his body touched the prison floor or anywhere, the energy in his soul was sucked out.
这个囚牢有古怪！ There's something weird about this prison!
忽然，撒洛特脚下莫名其妙地冒出一块石头，更糟糕的是，他的双脚像是被什么无形的绳索给绊了下。
Suddenly, a stone appeared from under Sallot's feet, and to make matters worse, his feet seemed to have tripped over some invisible rope.
就这么一个小小的踉跄和停顿。 Just a small stumble and pause.
咔！大黑一口咬中了撒洛特陛下的屁股。 Click! Big Black bites His Majesty's buttocks.
撒洛特……爆炸了！ Salotte ...... Exploded!
暴怒、爆炸，怎么爆也没用，大黑怎么都不肯放过这位陛下，一直追着他跑。
Angry, explosive, no matter how explosive it is, it is useless, Da Hei refuses to let go of this majesty, and keeps chasing him.
这就造成整个囚牢的囚犯都看到堂堂第一代国王陛下被一只狗追得狼狈不堪。
As a result, the entire prison inmates saw His Majesty the First King being chased by a dog.
甚至还有亡灵怪叫、鼓掌和吹口哨。 There were even undead screams, clapping, and whistling.
这位陛下快要气疯了，再也维持不住冷静的沉着老头模样。
His Majesty was about to go mad, and he could no longer maintain his calm and calm old man's appearance.
偏偏整个囚牢都在跟撒洛特陛下作对，撒洛特甚至在反击途中被石头夹住脚，让大黑又咬了一口！这次被咬在了肩膀上。
It's just that the entire prison is working against His Majesty Salote, and Salotte was even caught in the foot by a stone on the way to fight back, which made Da Hei bite again! This time I was bitten on the shoulder.
他可是亡灵，竟然被石头夹住脚？这到哪里说理去！ He's an undead, and he's got a foot caught in a stone? Where does this make sense!
撒洛特忽然觉得身体有些不对劲，不知道是被大黑连番咬中的缘故，还是其他，他发现他的精神力正在大量流失。
Salotte suddenly felt that something was wrong with his body, and he didn't know if it was because he was bitten by Da Hei repeatedly, or something else, he found that his spiritual power was losing a lot.
流失速度非常不正常，他都无法保持实体化了。 The rate of churn was so abnormal that he couldn't even keep it physical.
“停下！让这只该死的狗停下！我愿意修改当初的契约，内容我们再详谈。”撒洛特还算明智地及时止损了。
"Stop! Let this damn dog stop! I am willing to revise the original contract, and we will discuss the content in detail. "Salotte wisely stopped his losses in time.
妈的，今天老脸都丢尽了！ Damn, I've lost all my old face today!
第311章 封印解除 Chapter 311: The Seal Lifted
详谈的结果就是，撒洛特答应为雷木解除封印，而雷木则不需要再用自己的血液和骨头做交换，改成带撒洛特亡灵离开地宫前往魔族地界。
As a result of the detailed discussion, Salotte agreed to lift the seal for Lei Mu, and Lei Mu no longer needed to exchange his own blood and bones, but instead took Salote's undead to leave the dungeon and go to the demon realm.
王叶就在双方彼此约定后，插话：“一定要彻底的、没有任何后患隐患的解除封印哦，包括陛下您或者您相关者在雷木身上做的手脚，而陛下您知道却没说的。另外当然也不能做新的手脚，如果您做不到这些，那么您会受到契约反噬。另外，我们把您带出地宫，也是基于地宫被毁，所有亡灵都可以得到解放这点之上，如果您老当初和魔族的约定不止如此，比如已经答应把灵魂卖给对方，那么不能把您带出，也不能算我们违约。”
After the two sides agreed with each other, Wang Ye interjected: "The seal must be lifted completely and without any hidden dangers, including the hands and feet that Your Majesty or your related people did on Lei Mu, and Your Majesty you knew but didn't say it." And of course, you can't do anything new, and if you can't, you'll be hit by the contract. In addition, we took you out of the dungeon, also based on the destruction of the dungeon, all the undead can be liberated, if you have always agreed with the demons more than that, such as having promised to sell your soul to the other party, then we can't take you out, and we can't count us as a breach of contract. ”
撒洛特冷哼：“你倒是细心，本王说了会为他解除封印，就会为他解除。跟我来。”
Salotte snorted coldly: "You are careful, this king said that he would lift the seal for him, and he would lift it for him." Follow me. ”
撒洛特带着两人一狗，来到了一间空牢房里。 Salotte took two men and a dog to an empty cell.
这间牢房中间摆着一张石台，像是床。 In the middle of this cell was a stone platform, like a bed.
撒洛特示意雷木躺上去。 Salotte motioned for Remu to lie down.
王叶看着那石台，眼睛眯了眯。 Wang Ye looked at the stone platform and his eyes narrowed.
这石台上有魔法符纹，像是一个魔法阵。 There are magic runes on this stone platform, like a magic array.
不对，不是魔法阵。 No, it's not a magic circle.
这些魔法符纹…… These magic runes......
王叶看向雷木，木木身上的魔法符纹和这石台上的魔法符纹显然同根同源，这是怎么回事？
Wang Ye looked at Lei Mu, the magic runes on Mu Mu's body and the magic runes on this stone platform obviously have the same root, what is going on?
王叶围着石台转了一圈，心中越发怀疑。 Wang Ye circled around the stone platform, becoming more and more suspicious in his heart.
就在此时，一道细细的声音传入他耳中：“撒洛特能控制那么多意识不清的亡灵，就是骗他们可以帮他们回复清醒意识，而撒洛特使用的就是这张石台。撒洛特自己也会使用这张石台，他这些年变成这里的最强者，和这张石台也有很大关系。”
At this moment, a thin voice came into his ears: "Salotte can control so many unconscious undead, just trick them into helping them regain consciousness, and Salotte uses this stone platform." Salotte himself will also use this stone platform, and the fact that he has become the strongest person here over the years also has a lot to do with this stone platform. ”
“等等！”王叶叫住雷木，问撒洛特：“不能换个地方吗？”
"Wait!" Wang Ye stopped Lei Mu and asked Salote, "Can't you change places?" ”
撒洛特：“不能，当初我封印守墓人，用的就是这张石台。现在解除封印，必须也用它。”
Salot: "No, I used this stone platform to seal the grave keeper in the first place. Now that the seal is lifted, it must be used as well. ”
“哦。”王叶似乎接受了这个理由。 "Oh." Wang Ye seems to accept this reason.
但他看得很清楚，撒洛特对雷木的谋算一直没有消失，那黑红色的因果线从头到尾就没有变过颜色。
But he could see very clearly that Salote's plan for Thunderwood had not disappeared, and the black-red line of cause and effect had not changed color from beginning to end.
只是现在他们很被动，就算知道撒洛特要对雷木出手，也只能让他帮助解除封印。
It's just that now they are very passive, and even if they know that Salot is going to make a move against Thunderwood, they can only ask him to help break the seal.
只有等封印解除，他们才能和这位陛下算总账。 Only when the seal is lifted can they settle accounts with this majesty.
他现在能为雷木做的，已经都做了。他还悄悄给撒洛特挂上了因果技能【自食其果】。
Everything he could do for Remu now has been done. He also quietly hung up the causal skill [Self-Reliance] to Salote.
撒洛特的精神力到底还是受到了影响，如果是平时，王叶敢对他施展因果技能，他一定会有所感觉，并阻挡和反击。可现在撒洛特像是一无所觉。
In the end, Salote's mental power was still affected, if it was usual, Wang Ye dared to use the causal skill on him, he would definitely feel it, and block and counterattack. But now Salotte seemed to be unconscious.
撒洛特也在皱眉，他感到自己的精神力流失情况已经稳定下来，但还是在缓慢流失，这种情况就好像……
Salotte was also frowning, he felt that his mental power loss had stabilized, but it was still slowly draining, as if the situation was ......
“那盘祭品！”撒洛特突然愤怒地瞪向王叶，沉沉发怒：“你对本王下毒！”
"The plate of sacrifices!" Salotte suddenly glared at Wang Ye angrily, and was deeply angry: "You poisoned this king!" ”
王叶眨眨眼，一脸茫然：“下毒，怎么会？您这么厉害，我怎么可能对您下毒。再说有什么毒药能对亡灵有用？还是对您这样能实体化的亡灵？”
Wang Ye blinked, looking dazed: "Poisoned, how could it be?" You are so powerful, how could I have poisoned you. Besides, what poison can be useful for the undead? Or is it to an undead like you who can materialize? ”
撒洛特疑神疑鬼：“真不是你？如果不是你，本王怎么会……”
Salotte was suspicious: "It's really not you?" If it weren't for you, how could this king be ......"
王叶噗噜噜摇头：“真不是我，我可以用我亲生父亲的荣誉发誓，我绝对没有对你下毒。”
Wang Ye shook his head with a puff: "It's really not me, I can swear with the honor of my biological father, I definitely didn't poison you." ”
用自己的父亲荣誉发誓，这在绝大多数人看来，尤其是贵族们看来，算是很严重的誓言了。
Swearing by the honor of his father is considered a very serious oath in the eyes of most people, especially nobles.
“你敢用你的生命发誓吗？”可撒洛特觉得还不够。 "Do you dare to swear with your life?" But Salotte didn't think it was enough.
谁想那小孩竟然摇头：“不敢。我可以确保我没有对你下毒，但谁知道您会不会对某些食物过敏？虽然您已经死亡，但精神上如果您认为某种食物对您不好，您的精神体也会出现中毒反应，这就是一种精神暗示。”
Who would have thought that the child would shake his head: "Don't dare." I can make sure I'm not poisoning you, but who knows if you will have an allergy to certain foods? Although you are dead, mentally if you think that a certain food is bad for you, your spirit body will also have a toxic reaction, which is a kind of spiritual suggestion. ”
撒洛特想反驳小孩胡说八道，可细细一想，又觉得小孩说得很有理。
Salotte wanted to refute the child's nonsense, but after thinking about it, he felt that the child was very reasonable.
“但是，”王叶忽然满脸热情地笑道：“如果您不放心，等您为我哥解除封印，并没有做任何手脚的情况下，我可以再送一份祭品给您，有解毒功效哦。我不是说之前送您的祭品有毒，我是说新的这份祭品可以解毒。”
"But," Wang Ye suddenly smiled enthusiastically: "If you don't worry, when you break the seal for my brother and don't do anything, I can send you another sacrifice, which has the effect of detoxification." I'm not saying that the sacrifice I gave you before was poisonous, I mean that the new sacrifice can be detoxified. ”
撒洛特深沉地看着王叶，忽然阴笑道：“很好，我已经很久没有看到像你这么聪明的孩子了。你如果是我撒家血脉，我一定会让你继承王位。”
Salotte looked at Wang Ye deeply, and suddenly said with a sneer: "Very good, I haven't seen such a smart child as you for a long time. If you are of my blood, I will definitely let you inherit the throne. ”
“谢谢夸奖。”王叶见好既收。 "Thanks for the compliment." Wang Ye saw that it was good and received it.
大黑这时已经恢复原本体型，蹲坐在哪里，狗脑袋转过来转过去，它貌似有些糊涂。
Da Hei had already regained his original body shape at this time, and where he was squatting, the dog's head turned around, and it seemed a little confused.
所以这个人类小崽到底是下毒了，还是没下毒？ So was this little human cub poisoned, or not?
雷木已经躺到石台上。 Remu was already lying on the stone platform.
撒洛特走到雷木身边，伸手按住他的额头，开始默念咒语。
Salotte walked over to Thunderwood, reached out and pressed his forehead, and began to chant the incantation.
石台发出淡淡的亮光。 The stone platform emitted a faint light.
雷木看看周围，他竟然回到了小时候，这时候的他看起来跟小木木一样，特别瘦小，宛如小骷髅一样。
Lei Mu looked around, he actually went back to his childhood, at this time he looked like Xiao Mumu, very thin, like a little skeleton.
他就躺在石台上，跟现在一模一样的撒洛特正在跟他说话。
He was lying on the stone platform, and Salot, who was exactly the same as he was now, was talking to him.
“真是庞大的能量！简直让人惊叹。”撒洛特眼睛中有着奇特的光芒，看他就像是在看某种稀世珍宝，又像是在看某种奇迹。
"That's a lot of energy! It's just stunning. There was a strange light in Salot's eyes, and it was as if he were looking at some rare treasure, or at some kind of miracle.
雷木清晰地感觉到自己身体中的能量在流失。 Remu clearly felt the energy in his body draining.
石台在吸取他的能量。 Shitai was sucking his energy.
但他的心却很平静。 But his heart was at peace.
“你很讨厌这股能量，不喜欢这股能量对吗？”撒洛特低沉地笑：“没关系，从今往后，你再也不用担心这股庞大的能量会控制你，只要在撒家墓地范围，你再也不用担心你的魔种之力会爆发。我会帮你封印住这股力量，只要你同我契约。现在，点头，答应和我的契约内容。”
"You hate this energy, don't you like it?" Salotte smiled lowly: "It's okay, from now on, you don't have to worry about this huge energy controlling you, as long as you are within the range of Sa's graveyard, you don't have to worry about your demon seed power exploding." I'll help you seal this power as long as you make a pact with me. Now, nod your head and agree to the contents of the contract with me. ”
雷木看到自己只愣愣地看着撒洛特。 Remu saw that he only looked at Salotte in a daze.
撒洛特皱眉：“真是个小蠢货，听不懂我的意思吗？我让你点头，说同意和我契约，把你的力量都交给我，而我帮你封印住你的魔种之力。快点点头说你愿意和我契约！”
Salotte frowned: "What a little idiot, don't you understand what I mean?" I asked you to nod and agree to make a contract with me, to give me all your power, and I will help you seal the power of your demon seed. Quickly nod and say you're willing to make a contract with me! ”
雷木就听自己用生涩的语调，慢慢说道：“我、想……离开……这里。”
Lei Mu listened to his own jerky tone and said slowly, "I, I want to ...... Leave...... Over here. ”
“你是守墓人，你已经签了守墓人契约，你永远都无法离开这里。”
"You're a grave keeper, you've signed a grave keeper contract, and you'll never be able to leave here."
“我、要、离、开。” "I, want, leave, leave."
“真是麻烦。”撒洛特似乎很不高兴，但过了一会儿他就忽然笑道：“如果我帮你离开地宫，你有什么可以给我？你看，你不喜欢魔种能量，作为交换，你把魔种能量给我，我帮你封印，这算是等价交换。可你想要离开地宫，你又能给我什么？”
"It's a nuisance." Salotte seemed very upset, but after a while he suddenly smiled and said, "If I help you leave the dungeon, what can you give me?" You see, you don't like the demon seed energy, in exchange, you give me the demon seed energy, and I will help you seal it, which is considered an equivalent exchange. But if you want to leave the dungeon, what can you give me? ”
小小的雷木根本不懂得什么是等价交换，他只是睁着眼睛看着撒洛特。
Little Thunderwood didn't understand what equivalent exchange was, he just looked at Salotte with his eyes open.
撒洛特一看小孩就知道他原来过的是什么日子，而且铁定没有人教导过他，对于这种愚昧的小崽子，糊弄起来也容易。
Salotte knew what kind of life he had lived as soon as he saw the child, and it was easy to fool such a foolish little boy with no one to teach him.
于是撒洛特提出了一个交换条件。 So Salotte offered a quid pro quo.
小雷木啥都不懂，他只想离开这个阴暗、可怕、没有任何食物的地宫，他太饿了，只要能离开，他什么都能答应。
Little Lei Mu didn't understand anything, he just wanted to leave this dark, terrible, no foodless dungeon, he was so hungry, as long as he could leave, he could promise anything.
于是小雷木和撒洛特定下了第二个契约。 So little Thunderwood and Salorte made a second contract.
撒洛特见小雷木入套，就开始施展所谓的封印。 When Salotte saw that Xiao Lei Mu was in the trap, he began to cast the so-called seal.
雷木看到撒洛特按住自己的额头，对自己念了某种咒语。
Remu saw Salotte hold his forehead and chant some kind of incantation to himself.
随后他身上那些浮现的古魔法符纹全都飞了出来，投入了石台中。
Then all the ancient magic runes that appeared on his body flew out and threw them into the stone platform.
原来他身上的魔法符纹不是青黑色，而是鲜红色。 It turned out that the magic runes on his body were not blue-black, but bright red.
当鲜红色的魔法符纹全都投入石台，他身上的魔法符纹就变成了青黑色，宛如刺青。
When all the bright red magic runes were thrown into the stone platform, the magic runes on his body turned blue-black, like tattoos.
撒洛特看到“封印”结束，小孩身上竟然还有魔法符纹存在，还挑了挑眉，似乎有些惊讶。
Salotte saw that the "seal" was over, and there were still magic runes on the child's body, and he raised his eyebrows, and seemed to be a little surprised.
不过撒洛特再三确定，肯定石台已经收取了小孩身上魔种的本源能量。
However, Salotte was sure again and again that Shitai had collected the origin energy of the demon seed on the child's body.
这就是魔种的特殊之处。 That's what makes the Demon Seed special.
有些魔种天生异象，比如当年最有名的魔种古鼎，他就是拥有第三只眼，但他小时候第三只眼被人挖走，导致他魔种之力觉醒不全，直到魔眼回归，他才真正觉醒并获得全部的魔种之力。
Some demon seeds are born with visions, such as the most famous demon seed Gu Ding, he just had a third eye, but when he was a child, the third eye was gouged out, causing his demon seed power to be awakened incompletely, and it was not until the demon eye returned that he really awakened and obtained all the power of the demon seed.
对于雷木来说，他身上的魔种本源能量就是他身上的符纹。
For Lei Mu, the Demon Seed Origin Energy on his body is the rune on his body.
虽然本源被抽取，雷木身上仍然有符纹留下，魔种力量拔除不干净也是常有的事。
Although the origin has been extracted, there are still runes left on Lei Mu's body, and it is common for the power of the demon seed to be unclean.
“封印”施展成功后，雷木就感觉到自己与身下的石台产生了某种联系，以后他只要接近撒家墓地范围，他身上剩余的魔种能量就会被不断抽取。
After the "seal" was successfully cast, Lei Mu felt that he had some kind of connection with the stone platform under him, and in the future, as long as he approached the range of the Sajia cemetery, the remaining demon seed energy in his body would be continuously extracted.
这张石台获得他的能量越多，对他的控制也就越强。 The more this stone platform gains his energy, the more control it has over him.
雷木隐约感觉到，以后就算他离开撒家墓地范围，这张石台依然能抽取他的魔种能量。
Lei Mu vaguely felt that even if he left the range of the Sajia cemetery in the future, this stone platform would still be able to extract his demon seed energy.
忽然，雷木眼前闪过一幕幕场景。 Suddenly, scenes flashed in front of Lei Mu's eyes.
这些场景不是他的记忆，而是石台的记忆。 These scenes are not his memories, but the memories of Shitai.
也许是石台中隐藏着他的魔种本源能量，在他躺到石台上后，这股能量就和他再次产生了紧密联系，竟然把这么多年来撒洛特用这张石台做的事都放给他看了。
Maybe it was the hidden source energy of his demon seed in the stone platform, and after he lay down on the stone platform, this energy was closely related to him again, and he actually showed him everything that Salotte had done with this stone platform for so many years.
雷木快速看完撒洛特利用这张石台做的种种事情，就明白了，他们还是上了撒洛特的当。
Lei Mu quickly watched all the things that Salotte did with this stone platform, and he understood that they still fell for Salotte.
撒洛特确实能帮助他解除封印，而所谓的解除封印，不过是把从他身上夺取的魔种本源还给他。
Salotte can indeed help him break the seal, and the so-called lifting of the seal is nothing more than returning to him the origin of the demon seed that was taken from him.
可是撒洛特会这么甘心把魔种本源能量还给他吗？ But would Salotte be so willing to return the Demon Seed Origin Energy to him?
这么多年来，撒洛特可是利用这股庞大的能量做了不少事情。
Over the years, Salotte has done a lot with this huge energy.
而且他越研究这些符纹，就发现这些符纹超级强大，有些古魔法符纹在双月星都没有出现过。
And the more he studied these runes, the more he found that these runes were super powerful, and some ancient magic runes had never appeared in the Double Moon Star.
撒洛特又怎么愿意放弃这也许关系到能突破到十一级乃至更上层次的魔种本源能量！
How could Salote be willing to give up, this may be related to the Demon Seed Origin Energy that can break through to the eleventh level or even higher!
而撒洛特为了逃避那魔族、也为了逃避地宫和监牢对他的控制，这些年来，他一直在尝试做一件事情。
And in order to escape from the demon clan, and also to escape the control of the dungeon and the prison, Salotte has been trying to do one thing all these years.
那就是把石台中原本属于雷木的魔种本源能量融入他的精神核中。
That is to integrate the demon seed origin energy that originally belonged to Lei Mu in the stone platform into his spiritual core.
后来，撒洛特发现他无论怎么做，都无法把这股庞大又神秘的能量融入自己的精神核，他一狠心之下，竟然把自己的精神核反过来想要融入这股能量中。
Later, Salotte found that no matter what he did, he couldn't integrate this huge and mysterious energy into his spiritual core, and he was ruthless, and he actually wanted to integrate his spiritual core into this energy in turn.
简单说，撒洛特分魂了，他把自己的一部分魂体融入了石台。
To put it simply, Salotte split his soul, and he integrated part of his soul body into the stone platform.
如此，石台就像是他的新身体，而雷木的魔种本源能量就像是石台的技能。
In this way, Shitai is like his new body, and Lei Mu's Demon Seed Origin Energy is like Shitai's skill.
通过这种方法，撒洛特终于把自己的一部分分魂和雷木的魔种本源能量融合了。
Through this method, Salot finally fused a part of his split soul with the origin energy of Lei Mu's demon seed.
现在撒洛特把雷木的魔种本源能量归还，实际上是连自己的分魂一同“归还”给雷木。
Now Salotte has returned Lei Mu's demon seed origin energy, which is actually "returning" Lei Mu along with his own split soul.
虽然王叶提出，要没有任何隐患的解除封印，否则撒洛特就会受到契约反噬。
Although Wang Ye proposed that the seal should be lifted without any hidden dangers, otherwise Sallot would be attacked by the contract.
但撒洛特压根不在乎反噬，因为他已经把分魂转移到雷木身上，就算他的本体受到契约反噬惩罚，对于分魂也没有任何影响。
But Salot didn't care about the revolt at all, because he had already transferred the split soul to Lei Mu, and even if his body was punished by the contract retaliation, it would have no effect on the split soul.
这个分魂就是撒洛特布置的后手。如果本体精神核受伤，他还可以干脆把整个意识借由那个分魂转移到雷木身体中。
This split soul is the back hand arranged by Salot. If the main spirit core was injured, he could simply transfer his entire consciousness to Lei Mu's body through that split soul.
虽然王叶和雷木都答应他，只要他帮助解除封印，就会带他离开地宫前往魔界，但这位国王陛下压根不相信任何人，他只相信自己。
Although Wang Ye and Lei Mu both promised him that as long as he helped lift the seal, they would take him out of the underground palace and go to the Demon Realm, but His Majesty the King didn't trust anyone at all, he only believed in himself.
他希望借由雷木来培育自己的分魂，更希望将来能有机会谋夺雷木这具身体，或者说是谋夺雷木的魔种本源能量。
He hoped to use Lei Mu to cultivate his own split soul, and he also hoped that in the future, he would have the opportunity to snatch Lei Mu's body, or rather, to snatch Lei Mu's demon seed origin energy.
他太渴望那股神秘又庞大的能量了。 He longed too much for that mysterious and vast energy.
小时候的雷木厌恶和排斥自己的魔种能量，可撒洛特却渴望能转变成魔族。
When he was a child, Lei Mu hated and rejected his demon energy, but Sallot longed to transform into a demon.
撒洛特甚至觉得自己不是在谋害雷木，而是在帮助他。 Salot even felt that he was not plotting to kill Raymu, but was helping him.
你不想要的，那就给我。 If you don't want it, give it to me.
雷木虽然看到了一切，明白了一切，但这时“解除封印”的过程已经开始，就算想要阻止也来不及了。
Although Lei Mu saw everything and understood everything, at this time the process of "lifting the seal" had already begun, and even if he wanted to stop it, it was too late.
雷木沉下心，他告诉自己，这时候他得靠自己。 Reimu sank down, and he told himself that he had to rely on himself at this time.
他的血脉都不弱，他可以控制住自己的能量，这些魔种本源能量原本就属于他，他可以夺回来，更可以把撒洛特的分魂给踢出去。
His bloodline is not weak, he can control his energy, these demon seed origin energy originally belonged to him, he can take it back, and he can even kick out Salot's split soul.
他能做到！ He can do it!
为了王叶，他也需要做到！ For Wang Ye's sake, he also needs to do it!
雷木的精神体变得异常沉稳，随着魔种本源能量回归，他开始专心做一件事……
Lei Mu's spiritual body became extremely calm, and as the Demon Seed Origin Energy returned, he began to concentrate on one thing......
石台中无数的鲜红色符纹飞起，在半空盘旋一阵后，一一投入雷木的身体。
Countless bright red runes in the stone platform flew up, hovering in mid-air for a while, and then threw them into Lei Mu's body one by one.
王叶和大黑沉默地看着这一幕。 Wang Ye and Da Hei watched this scene in silence.
而过程中，撒洛特的手掌一直放在雷木的额头上。 In the process, Salotte's palm was placed on Lei Mu's forehead.
王叶心跳加快，他能感觉到雷木似乎在紧张什么。 Wang Ye's heart beat faster, and he could feel that Lei Mu seemed to be nervous about something.
有问题，绝对有问题！ There is a problem, there is definitely a problem!
可让他痛恨的是，他们明知撒洛特绝对有问题，却没办法阻止他和破除这个问题。
But what he hated was that they knew that there was definitely something wrong with Salot, but there was nothing they could do to stop him and solve the problem.
“我愿意把我的能量都给雷木用，让我的能量保护他吧。”王叶在心中深深祈愿。
"I'm willing to give all my energy to Lei Mu, let my energy protect him." Wang Ye prayed deeply in his heart.
他现在只希望他之前施展的因果技能，能在这时候起到一点作用。
He only hoped that the causal skills he had used before would be of some use at this time.
同时王叶把自己的精神海和雷木的连接起来，悄悄潜入了雷木的精神海。
At the same time, Wang Ye connected his spiritual sea with Lei Mu's and quietly sneaked into Lei Mu's spiritual sea.
雷木对于王叶的精神力没有半点提防和抵抗，甚至在感觉到王叶的精神力时，还透露出欢迎之意，敞开大门迎入小叶子。
Lei Mu did not have the slightest vigilance and resistance to Wang Ye's spiritual power, and even when he felt Wang Ye's spiritual power, he also revealed a welcome and opened the door to welcome Xiao Yezi.
王叶没有看到，就在他祈愿后，属于雷木的因果副卷亮了起来。
Wang Ye didn't see it, and just after he prayed, the cause and effect side scroll belonging to Lei Mu lit up.
【祸福相依】技能发动，在得到王叶不计消耗源源不断的能量支持下，这个技能发挥到了目前它能发挥的最大效果。
The [Blessing and Misfortune] skill is activated, and with the support of Wang Ye's continuous energy consumption, this skill has been exerted to the maximum effect it can exert so far.
雷木不断跟自己说：“我是生命之树，我的本体是生命之树，不是其他。无论是魔种，还是其他任何血脉，都只是我的养分。”
Lei Mu kept saying to himself: "I am the Tree of Life, and my essence is the Tree of Life, nothing else. Whether it's the Demon Seed, or any other bloodline, it's just my nourishment. ”
“魔种能量也好，木精灵血脉和人类血脉也好，你们来了，就成就我吧，让我的生命形态再次进化。”
"Whether it's the energy of the demon seed, the bloodline of the wood elves and the bloodline of humans, if you are here, you can achieve me and let my life form evolve again."
有什么力量被触动，雷木脑海中的精神核忽然开始改变。
Something was touched, and the spiritual core in Lei Mu's mind suddenly began to change.
原本只是卵形的精神核就像一颗种子一样发芽了。 The spiritual nucleus, which was originally just oval, sprouted like a seed.
这本来应该不太可能，应该是觉醒之后才可能出现的事，但在大量祝福能量滋润下，雷木突破了某个看不见的封锁。
This should have been unlikely, it should have been something that could only happen after awakening, but with a large amount of blessed energy, Lei Mu broke through some invisible blockade.
有时候很多事情真的就差了一点幸运，而雷木现在获得了这份幸运。
Sometimes a lot of things really go a little bit off lucky, and Remu is getting that luck now.
小小的嫩芽顶破最上层的种皮，露出嫩嫩的芽尖。 The small shoots break through the topmost seed coat, revealing the tips of the tender buds.
血红色的古魔法符纹钻入他的根部，被他控制，成为他的力量。
Blood-red ancient magic runes burrowed into his roots, controlled by him, and became his power.
闯入雷木精神海的撒洛特分魂在本体意识控制下看到了那颗嫩芽，也感受到了完全不同于魔族的气息。
The soul of Salot, who broke into the Thunderwood Spirit Sea, saw the young shoot under the control of the ontological consciousness, and also felt the breath that was completely different from that of the demons.
这是？！ This is?!
撒洛特激动万分，他见过树人族。 Salotte was thrilled, he had seen the Treants.
因为分魂进入雷木的精神海，撒洛特还立即得到了最关键的信息。
Because of the split soul into the spiritual sea of Thunderwood, Salot also immediately got the most critical information.
这竟然是生命之树的幼苗！ This turned out to be a seedling of the tree of life!
天哪！这个小崽子竟然不止身怀魔种，他竟然是生命之树和人类的混血儿？
Oh, my God! This little cub is not only pregnant with demon seeds, he is actually a hybrid of the Tree of Life and humans?
这是怎样的奇迹？！ What a miracle is this?!
树人族本身就寿命漫长，更不要说生命之树！ The Treants themselves have a long lifespan, not to mention the Tree of Life!
生命之树可是传说中能涅槃重生的树人族，他们这一支的寿命只要他们愿意，简直可以与天地共存。
The Tree of Life is the legendary tree people who can be reborn in Nirvana, and their lifespan can simply coexist with heaven and earth as long as they want.
龙族和精灵族传说都有生命之树，而这两族为什么会这么重视生命之树？
Legend has it that both dragons and elves have a tree of life, but why do these two tribes attach so much importance to the tree of life?
还不就是生命之树可以改变生命本质，让两族变得更强大更优秀，可以为两族带来众多好处。
Isn't it just that the Tree of Life can change the nature of life, make the two races stronger and better, and can bring many benefits to the two races.
就算这些都是传说，生命之树本身的价值也远远超于这世上任何一种宝物。
Even if these are legends, the Tree of Life itself is worth far more than any other treasure in the world.
他一定要得到这具身体，无论付出什么代价，他都要得到这具身体！
He must get this body, no matter what the cost, he must get this body!
撒洛特甚至想要立刻转移自己的本体意识进入分魂。 Salotte even wanted to immediately transfer his own ontological consciousness into the Split Soul.
一切看起来似乎都很顺利。 Everything seems to be going well.
可就在这时，他听到了一声：“汪！” But at this moment, he heard a voice: "Wang! ”
大黑在外面无聊地叫了一声。 Daikoku screamed boredly outside.
撒洛特的心神下意识一抖。
更糟糕的是，原本已经流失稳定的精神力突然又加快流失起来。
他的本体意识失去了隐形能力，在就要闯入雷木的精神海时。
雷木精神海周围突然亮起了无数复杂又耀眼的光芒。 Countless complex and dazzling lights suddenly lit up around the Thunderwood Spirit Sea.
那是一个极为庞大和复杂的魔法阵。 It was an extremely large and complex magic array.
撒洛特一惊，这是精神体保护魔法阵？！ Salot was shocked, this is the spiritual body protection magic array?!
该死的，到底是谁给守墓人布置了这个魔法阵？ Damn, who the hell set up this magic circle for the grave keeper?
撒洛特的本体意识还想继续突破，可他没有注意到，就在他身后，一圈圈一丝丝看不见的力量正在把他包围。
Salot's proprioceptive consciousness wanted to continue to break through, but he didn't notice that just behind him, a circle of invisible power was surrounding him.
有什么东西就趴在那保护魔法阵上，阴沉沉地盯着撒洛特的本体意识。
Something lay on the protective magic array, staring gloomily at Salot's ontological consciousness.
撒洛特再次把自己的本体意识隐藏起来，却不知道他已经被因果线缠上。
Salotte hid his norioceptive consciousness again, unaware that he had been entangled in the threads of cause and effect.
当撒洛特的本体意识以为自己突破到了一定程度，就要接近雷木的精神海时，他忽然听到了丝丝缕缕的音乐声。
When Salote's ontological consciousness thought that he had broken through to a certain level and was about to approach the spiritual sea of Lei Mu, he suddenly heard the slightest sound of music.
非常古怪！ Very quirky!
撒洛特忽然发现他周身都被无数看不见的线给缠住了。 Salotte suddenly found that he was entangled in countless invisible threads.
最可怕的是，有什么看不见的东西在吞噬他的本体意识！
The most terrifying thing is that something unseen is devouring his ontological consciousness!
不妙！撒洛特立刻回撤所有精神力进行自保。 Bad! Salotte immediately withdrew all his mental power to protect himself.
“木木！” "Mumu!"
雷木啪地睁开眼睛，不是现实中，而是在精神海中。 Lei Mu snapped open his eyes, not in reality, but in the spiritual sea.
看似只冒了一个芽尖的小嫩芽，其根系却极为发达，密密麻麻的根系布满了整个精神海。
It seems that there is only a small bud at the tip of a bud, but its root system is extremely developed, and the dense root system covers the entire spiritual sea.
鲜红色的符纹浮现在每一根根茎上。 Bright red runes appear on each rhizome.
找出不属于我的力量和魂力！雷木下令。 Find out the power and soul power that don't belong to me! Reimu ordered.
所有根茎都动了。 All the rhizomes moved.
撒洛特的分魂被轻易分离并找了出来。 Salot's split soul was easily separated and recovered.
一根较为粗大的根茎陡然爆发出无数利刺，刺入撒洛特的分魂。
A thicker rhizome suddenly erupted with countless sharp thorns, piercing into Salot's soul.
撒洛特的本体发出一声惨叫，陡然松开手，抱住自己的头部。
Salot's body let out a scream, and abruptly let go of his hand and hugged his head.
雷木的魂体毫不客气地吞噬了撒洛特的分魂。 Thunderwood's soul unceremoniously devoured Salot's split soul.
他想解决撒洛特的分魂不难，难就难在分离它、找到它。
It is not difficult for him to solve the distracted soul of Sallot, but the difficulty is to separate it and find it.
可是在有小叶子帮忙的情况下，撒洛特的分魂失去主魂意识控制，又被他从魔种本源能量中分离出来，最后也就只能落到被他吞噬消化成为他养料的下场！
However, with the help of Xiao Yezi, Salot's split soul lost the control of the main soul consciousness, and was separated from the original energy of the demon seed by him, and in the end, he could only fall into the end of being devoured and digested by him to become his nourishment!
撒洛特这时已经顾不上那被他分裂出去的分魂，因为他的本体精神核出问题了！
At this time, Salotte could no longer care about the split soul that had been split by him, because there was something wrong with his ontological spirit core!
他在雷木精神海遇到袭击时，下意识返回本体。 When he was attacked in the Thunderwood Spirit Sea, he subconsciously returned to his main body.
可这次回来，他却带回了某个可怕的东西！ But when he came back this time, he brought back something terrible!
【祸福相依】的招祸技能和【自食其果】同时发动。 The Misfortune Skill of [Blessing and Misfortune] and [Self-Inflicted Consequences] are activated at the same time.
撒洛特把王叶的精神力带入了自己的精神海中。 Salotte brought Wang Ye's spiritual power into his spiritual sea.
这在他完好时根本不可能。 This was simply not possible when he was intact.
可各种原因叠加之下，这种不可能出现了。 But under the superposition of various reasons, this impossibility appeared.
王叶一进入撒洛特的精神海，就开始大肆吞噬撒洛特的精神力。
As soon as Wang Ye entered Salotte's spiritual sea, he began to devour Salotte's spiritual power.
不好意思，他自从和虫巢融合后，精神力就是他的食粮之一。
I'm sorry, but since he fused with the hive, his spiritual power has been one of his food.
只不过以前他为了不让别人恐惧他，极少使用这个能力，只有迫不得已时。
It's just that in the past, in order not to let others fear him, he rarely used this ability, only when he had to.
而现在就是迫不得已时。 Now is the last resort.
他甚至不用施展【斩断因果】技能，因为撒洛特自己违反了契约，他想让自己的主体意识进入分魂。如果他不这么做，他还算不上违约，因为他的分魂隐藏在雷木的魔种本源能量中，也是能量的一部分，只要主体意识没有转入，对于雷木就没有任何损害。
He didn't even have to use the [Cut Cause and Effect] skill, because Salotte himself had broken the contract, and he wanted to let his subjective consciousness enter the Split Soul. If he didn't do this, he wouldn't be in breach of contract, because his split soul was hidden in Lei Mu's demon seed origin energy, which was also a part of the energy, and as long as the main consciousness was not transferred, there would be no damage to Lei Mu.
可撒洛特因为发现雷木竟然是生命之树的种子，那一刻他什么都顾不上了，拼着反噬也要夺舍雷木。
But because Salote found out that Lei Mu turned out to be the seed of the Tree of Life, he couldn't care about anything at that moment, and he tried to fight back to take Shelei Mu.
不，撒洛特那时还不是想要夺舍，他只是想把自己的主体意识转入那缕分魂中，在雷木的精神核中潜伏下来，等待夺舍的最好时机。
No, Salotte didn't want to take it away at that time, he just wanted to transfer his main consciousness into that wisp of split soul, lurk in the spiritual core of Lei Mu, and wait for the best time to take it.
王叶因为把能量绝大部分都转移给雷木的缘故，他现在正是最缺能量的时候，啃食撒洛特的精神力，给他带来了不小的补充。
Because Wang Ye transferred most of his energy to Lei Mu, he was now the time when he was most lacking in energy, and eating Salot's spiritual power brought him a lot of replenishment.
撒洛特要疯了，他本来就因为冒险分魂，导致他的精神核本体有了一丝隐患。
Salotte is going crazy, he has already risked splitting his soul, which has caused a trace of hidden danger in his spiritual core body.
之前被大黑和监牢本身联手攻击，他的精神体就再次受到了一定损伤。
was attacked by Da Hei and the prison itself before, and his spiritual body was damaged again.
更糟糕的是，他还貌似中毒了，他的精神力一直在流失。
To make matters worse, he also looked poisoned, and his mental power was losing all the time.
等到在雷木的精神海被某个看不见的东西偷袭后，他的精神力就再次受到重伤。
After being attacked by something invisible in Lei Mu's spiritual sea, his spiritual power was seriously injured again.
现在他竟然无法驱逐那个闯入他精神海，拼命啃食吸收他精神力的可怕玩意！
Now he couldn't even expel the terrible thing that had broken into his spiritual sea and desperately gnawed at and absorbed his spiritual power!
那是什么鬼东西？ What the hell is that?
为什么看起来像是一个小鬼？ Why does it look like a ghost?
只是这个小鬼看起来极为可怕，红色的眼珠，黑色的身体，尖利的牙齿，就像传说中的鬼灵。
It's just that this little ghost looks extremely terrifying, with red eyes, a black body, and sharp teeth, just like a legendary ghost.
他还异常灵活，不断躲避他对他的各种攻击。 He is also extremely nimble, constantly dodging his various attacks on him.
撒洛特害怕了，这个小鬼看似小，精神力却极为强大，而且随着吞噬他的精神力越多，对方似乎就越强。
Salotte was scared, this little ghost seemed to be small, but his spiritual power was extremely powerful, and the more spiritual power he devoured, the stronger the other party seemed to be.
此消彼长，撒洛特第一次生出“也许他就要完蛋”的可怕想法。
For the first time, Salotte had the terrible idea that "maybe he was going to die."
撒洛特一狠心，他不想就这么完蛋，他想最后拼一把，哪怕能重伤敌人也好。
Salotte was ruthless, he didn't want to end up like this, he wanted to fight one last time, even if he could seriously injure the enemy.
“小光，干掉他！”王叶心中一动，叫出了在虫巢中看戏的小光一伙。
"Xiaoguang, kill him!" Wang Ye's heart moved, and he called out Xiaoguang and his gang who were watching the play in the insect nest.
“咿！来了！就知道你最后还是要靠我。”小光骄傲地道。
"Bah! Here it comes! I know that you still have to rely on me in the end. Xiaoguang said proudly.
撒洛特看到了无数飞虫，其中有一只特别闪亮、特别美丽的虫子。
Salot saw countless flying insects, among which was a particularly shiny and beautiful bug.
但虫子就是虫子，它们扑到了他的身上。 But bugs are bugs, and they pounced on him.
为什么这些虫子能吞噬他的精神力？！ Why are these bugs able to devour his mental power?!
撒洛特想要自爆，但他没能成功。那些虫子不但能吞噬他的精神力，还给他带来了灼伤一般的极致痛苦，让他思绪陷入了混乱。
Salotte tried to blow himself up, but he couldn't. Those insects were not only able to devour his mental power, but also brought him extreme pain like burns, causing his mind to fall into confusion.
撒洛特的精神核被无数奇怪的丝线缠住、刺入。意识的最后，他甚至看到那只最美丽的虫子钻入了他的大脑……
Salot's spiritual core was entangled and pierced by countless strange silk threads. At the end of his consciousness, he even saw the most beautiful bug burrow into his brain......
大黑看到突然出现的大量飞虫，吓得汪地一声就贴到了墙壁上。
Seeing the sudden appearance of a large number of flying insects, Daikoku was so frightened that he stuck to the wall.
它大黑天不怕地不怕，就怕小虫子！ It's not afraid of the dark, it's not afraid of the ground, it's afraid of small bugs!
而且这些小虫子看起来好凶悍、好可怕。 And these little bugs look so fierce and scary.
其中那只特别漂亮的还给了它一个超级鄙视的眼神。 One of the particularly beautiful ones gave it a super disdainful look.
大黑两只爪子捂住脑袋：汪呜！好可怕，那些虫子竟然把撒洛特给啃得全身都是洞，还钻进去了！
Da Hei covered his head with two paws: Wow! It's terrible, those bugs actually gnawed Sallot all over the body, and they even got into it!
同时，监牢中的亡灵们也在颤抖。他们都在此刻感应到了天敌的气息。
At the same time, the undead in the prison were trembling. They all sensed the aura of natural enemies at this moment.
第312章 祸福相依、觉醒 Chapter 312: Blessing and Misfortune Depend on Each Other and Awaken
银月王国第一代国王撒洛特就这么消失了。 The first king of the Silvermoon Kingdom, Salot, just disappeared.
“啊，真是惆怅呢。千年帝王，一朝消亡，啥都没剩下，你说他图个啥？”王叶按住心脏，拖长语调感叹。
"Ah, what a melancholy. The thousand-year-old emperor died out once he died, and there was nothing left, what do you say he wants? Wang Ye pressed his heart and sighed in a long tone.
雷木在王小叶的脑袋上轻轻拍了一巴掌。 Lei Mu slapped Wang Xiaoye's head lightly.
王叶立刻对撒洛特消失的地方行了个脱帽礼。 Wang Ye immediately took off his hat to the place where Sallote had disappeared.
雷木失笑。 Lei Mu smiled.
大黑爪子移开，露出一只狗眼：“汪？汪！” The big black paw moved away, revealing a dog's eye: "Wang? Woof! ”
大黑吓坏了，那只金光闪闪体型好像一朵窈窕鲜花超好看的大虫子正停在它鼻尖前方。
Da Hei was frightened, and the golden and shiny body looked like a slender flower, and the super beautiful big bug was stopping in front of the tip of its nose.
小光飞舞起来。 Little light flew.
大黑两只爪子抱住脑袋，发出呜咽声。 Big Black clutched his head in his two paws and let out a whimper.
“小光，回来。不要吓大黑。”大黑今天可是他们对付撒洛特的大功臣，如果没有大黑，事情绝对没有这么顺利。
"Xiaoguang, come back. Don't scare the big black. "Dahei is their great hero in dealing with Salotte today, and if it weren't for Dahei, things would definitely not have gone so smoothly.
小光冲着大黑咿咿叫。 Hikaru babbles at Daikoi.
笨狗，她在炫耀自己美丽的身姿，对方竟然捂住眼睛。 Stupid dog, she was showing off her beautiful figure, and the other party actually covered her eyes.
小光飞回王叶脑袋上，落下。 Xiaoguang flew back to Wang Ye's head and fell.
其他浮游光虫则飞回虫巢，它们不喜欢这里的气息，它们喜欢阳光、鲜花和好吃的蔬菜，如果有新鲜的肉那就更棒了。
Other planktonic insects fly back to the hive, they don't like the smell, they love the sun, flowers, and good vegetables, and even better if there's fresh meat.
而这些亡灵的灵魂？ And the souls of these undead?
哦，那味道真的太难吃了，充满绝望、疯狂、愤怒、妒忌……负面能量满满。
Oh, it tastes so bad, full of despair, madness, anger, jealousy...... Full of negative energy.
小光跟王叶抱怨了一通。 Xiaoguang complained to Wang Ye.
王叶哼唧：“有的吃就算不错了，好歹能填饱肚子。要么你们就当农民虫，自己种菜自己吃。不要以为我不知道，你们把小云种的蔬菜和瓜果偷吃了好多。不要仗着小云好说话就欺负他。”
Wang Ye snorted: "Some of them are good to eat, but they can fill their stomachs." Either you will be peasant worms, grow your own vegetables and eat them yourself. Don't think I don't know, you stole a lot of vegetables and fruits from Xiaoyun. Don't bully Xiaoyun just because he is good at talking. ”
“咿！我们才没有欺负小云，我们喜欢他。你只看到我们偷吃他的蔬菜，你怎么没看到我们给他送了很多虫蜜？”小光抗议。
"Bah! We didn't bully Xiaoyun, we like him. You only saw us stealing his vegetables, why didn't you see that we sent him a lot of worm honey? Xiaoguang protested.
王叶：好嘛，愿打愿挨，怪不得小云从不告状。 Wang Ye: Okay, I'm willing to fight and suffer, no wonder Xiaoyun never sues.
小光趁机提出：“咿咿，我们应该办个养殖场，之前雷木就跟你说过，可你一直没办。如果你办个养殖场，我们的肉食就解决了。”
Xiaoguang took the opportunity to propose: "Babble, we should set up a farm, Lei Mu told you before, but you haven't done it." If you set up a farm, our meat will be solved. ”
王叶坚决不肯在虫巢中养猪牛羊，鸡鸭也不行，太吵。 Wang Ye resolutely refused to raise pigs, cattle and sheep in the insect nest, and neither did chickens and ducks, it was too noisy.
“咿！那就养低级魔兔。” "Bah! Then raise a low-level demon rabbit. ”
“它们会打洞，还会毁坏田地和绿植，我可不想虫巢地面到处都是洞。”
"They make holes and they destroy fields and plants, and I don't want the nest floor to be full of holes."
“咿！不会，我学会了科学养殖。” "Bah! No, I learned to breed scientifically. ”
王叶：“……”他家几个娃平时都在看什么节目？ Wang Ye: "......" What shows are the children of his family usually watching?
小光还在努力说服王叶：“不需要多大的地方，只要把长条笼子层层叠加，五百平方左右的空地就能养殖上万只魔兔，我的手下会负责看管、打扫和喂养，不用你和雷木烦心。它们吃的草和蔬菜，我们可以跟小云购买，也可以从外界采集。”
Xiaoguang is still trying to convince Wang Ye: "You don't need much space, as long as the long cages are stacked layer by layer, tens of thousands of demon rabbits can be raised in an open space of about 500 square meters, and my subordinates will be responsible for guarding, cleaning and feeding, so you don't have to worry about Lei Mu." The grass and vegetables they eat can be purchased from Xiaoyun or collected from the outside world. ”
小光想要养殖的心很坚定。 Xiaoguang's heart for breeding is very firm.
她是已经看出来了，跟着王叶混，她和她的手下就不可能走寄生这条路，更不可能发展成超级害虫。
She has already seen that with Wang Yechao, it is impossible for her and her subordinates to take the road of parasitism, let alone develop into super pests.
那么她和她的手下想吃饱，就只能靠种植和养殖了。 Then if she and her subordinates want to be fed, they can only rely on planting and breeding.
不过这样也好，可以长期发展，不用担心哪天把双月星吃光了没得吃。
But it's okay this way, you can develop for a long time, and you don't have to worry about eating up the Double Moon Star one day.
雷木笑得不行，拍拍王叶的肩膀：“我觉得小光的主意挺好，她养殖，我们以后也就不愁肉吃了。”
Lei Mu couldn't laugh and patted Wang Ye on the shoulder: "I think Xiaoguang's idea is very good, she breeds, and we won't have to worry about eating meat in the future." ”
小光立刻道：“亲兄弟明算账，我可以给你们一个内部价，白送是不可能的。”
Xiaoguang immediately said: "My brother is settling accounts, I can give you an internal price, it is impossible to give it away for nothing." ”
王叶：“……那我们要不要算算你们吃了我多少好东西？”
Wang Ye: "...... Shall we calculate how many good things you have eaten from me? ”
小光振振有词：“我们产出虫蜜了！” Xiaoguang Zhenzhen said: "We have produced worm honey!" ”
“你们也没全部给我，相反，给我的才是少部分吧。”王叶怒反驳。
"You didn't give it all to me, on the contrary, you gave me a small part." Wang Ye retorted angrily.
“咿！”小光声音更大：“就算我们签了契约，成了你的契约虫，作为老板，你也不能虐待员工，该有的福利总要有的吧？给你供应虫蜜、帮你打架，算是我们的正职，我就当你也付出了报酬。但如果我们额外进行养殖，那就是我们的兼职，是我们的私产，你要吃肉，当然要另外付钱。”
"Bah!" Xiaoguang said in a louder voice: "Even if we sign a contract and become your contract worm, as a boss, you can't abuse employees, there must always be benefits, right?" Supplying you with worm honey and helping you fight is our job, and I will pay you too. But if we do additional farming, it's our part-time job, it's our private property, and you have to eat meat, of course, you have to pay for it. ”
王叶呵呵：“好，我可以同意你们在我的地盘搞养殖，不过记得付租金和税金。”
Wang Ye hehe: "Okay, I can agree to you to engage in breeding on my territory, but remember to pay rent and taxes." ”
小光：“咿？”租金就算了，还有税金？！王小叶真是越来越无耻了！
Xiaoguang: "Huh? "Even if you forget the rent, there are taxes?! Wang Xiaoye is really getting more and more shameless!
王叶打败了千年老鬼撒洛特，拯救了雷木，斗嘴也斗赢了小光，只觉得今天就是他的幸运日。
Wang Ye defeated the thousand-year-old ghost Salot, saved Lei Mu, and won Xiaoguang in the fight, only thinking that today was his lucky day.
“木木，你现在怎么样？”王叶握住雷木的手，因果之力自然而然就送入他的身体。
"Mumu, how are you now?" Wang Ye held Lei Mu's hand, and the power of cause and effect naturally entered his body.
雷木简直拿王叶没办法。他们家的这个小爸爸有时真的是太爱操心了。
Lei Mu simply couldn't take Wang Ye. This little dad in their family is really worried about it sometimes.
小光斗嘴输了，飞到大黑头顶生闷气，也不说话，就停在那儿。
Xiaoguang lost his mouth, flew to the top of the big black head and sulked, and didn't speak, just stopped there.
大黑吓得实体都要维持不住了，但在小光的威胁下，它只能乖乖顶着小光。
Da Hei was so frightened that the entity couldn't hold it anymore, but under the threat of Xiaoguang, it could only obediently stand up to Xiaoguang.
王叶掏出魔法灯，照亮整间牢房，他在查看那个石台。 Wang Ye took out a magic lamp to illuminate the entire cell, and he was checking the stone platform.
石台上的魔法符纹全部消失。 The magic runes on the stone platform are all gone.
雷木也确证了这点。 Raimu confirms this.
但王叶怕有什么后遗症，把石台给打碎了，见里面确实什么都没有，还把那些石头全都转移到了虫巢中。
But Wang Ye was afraid of any sequelae, so he smashed the stone platform, and saw that there was indeed nothing inside, and transferred all those stones to the worm nest.
王叶甚至把石台下面挖出一个洞，直到收到某龙意识的抗议。
Wang Ye even dug a hole under the stone platform until he received a protest from a certain dragon's consciousness.
虫巢内，小云看到一堆石头落下来，摸了摸，感到一股极阴之力，满意地点点头，这可是好东西。当即就把这些石头全都转移到一个专门种植阴性药植的区域。
Inside the insect nest, Xiaoyun saw a pile of stones falling, touched it, felt a force of extreme yin, and nodded with satisfaction, this is a good thing. All of these stones were immediately transferred to an area dedicated to the cultivation of negative medicinal plants.
疯药王对这些石头也很感兴趣，他能感觉出来这些石头对他提升实力很有帮助。
The Mad Medicine King was also interested in these stones, and he could feel that these stones were very helpful for him to improve his strength.
王叶听到疯药王跟他说，让他多弄些类似的石块。他立刻摸了摸牢房的其他石材，似乎和石台的石头有些不同。
Wang Ye heard the Mad Medicine King tell him to get more similar stones. He immediately touched the other stones in the cell, which seemed to be somewhat different from the stones of the stone platform.
“你想要建造石台的阴石吗？”细细的声音再次传入耳中。
"Do you want to build the Yin Stone of the Stone Terrace?" The thin voice came to my ears again.
王叶侧头，他之前就好奇这声音是谁发出来的，他猜测是某个亡灵，但不知道是谁。
Wang Ye turned his head sideways, he was curious about who made this voice before, he guessed that it was some undead, but he didn't know who it was.
“是，我想要。你知道这些阴石哪里有吗？”王叶对着声音传来的方向问道。
"Yes, I want to. Do you know where these Yin Stones are? Wang Ye asked in the direction where the voice came from.
雷木看过去，低声问：“你在和谁说话？” Lei Mu looked over and asked in a low voice, "Who are you talking to?" ”
“一个亡灵，也许。” "An undead, maybe."
一小团幽幽的淡蓝色光芒飞来。 A faint pale blue glow flew in.
王叶和雷木，包括大黑和小光都盯住了这团幽光。 Wang Ye and Lei Mu, including Da Hei and Xiao Guang, all stared at this ghostly light.
他们还是第一次看到这么弱小的亡灵，连个具体形状都维持不住。
It was the first time they had seen such a weak undead, and they couldn't even maintain a specific shape.
“我可以带你们过去，那里有很多这样的石头。不过撒洛特不让其他亡灵靠近。”那团幽光发出细细的声音说道。
"I can take you there, there are a lot of such stones. However, Sallot did not let the other undead come close. The ghostly light said in a thin voice.
这次雷木他们都听到了。 This time Thunderwood they all heard.
“你叫什么名字，怎么称呼？”王叶问。 "What's your name and what do you call it?" Wang Ye asked.
幽光叹息：“我不知道，我全都忘了。” Ghostlight sighed: "I don't know, I forgot everything." ”
“那么你帮助我，是想得到什么？”王叶很直白地问。 "So what do you want to get by helping me?" Wang Ye asked very bluntly.
幽光也没有绕弯弯：“我也没有帮助你们什么，我只希望能得到真正的安息。但我希望死得不要太痛苦。”
The ghost light did not bend either: "I have not helped you anything, I only hope to have real rest." But I hope the death is not too painful. ”
王叶没想到这团幽光的愿望竟然是求死。 Wang Ye didn't expect that the wish of this ghost light would be to die.
雷木融合了小木木的记忆后，对地宫里这些亡灵的感情就很复杂，这里一半以上的亡灵确实很可恨，但也可怜又可悲，还有一小半亡灵则真的是无辜，不过很多无辜善良的亡灵被困地宫这么多年，又被反复折磨，大多数不是疯了，就是也被染成了黑色。
After Lei Mu fused Xiao Mumu's memories, his feelings for these undead in the dungeon were very complicated, more than half of the undead here were indeed hateful, but they were also pitiful and pathetic, and a small half of the undead were really innocent, but many innocent and kind undead were trapped in the dungeon for so many years, and they were tortured repeatedly, most of them were either crazy, or they were also dyed black.
而他们眼前这团幽魂，不管他现在有多么可怜和无害，能被两位老祖关到囚牢里，也可知他之前做下了多么疯狂的事情，至少吞噬的灵魂不少。
And the ghost in front of them, no matter how pitiful and harmless he is now, can be locked up in prison by the two ancestors, you can also know how crazy things he has done before, at least devouring a lot of souls.
“你可以等等吗？”王叶道。 "Can you wait?" Wang Ye said.
“可以，只要别让我等太长时间，在这里，我不知道还能维持多长时间的理智，那太难了。”幽光道。
"Yes, as long as you don't make me wait too long, here, I don't know how long I can maintain my sanity, it's too hard." Gloomy Light Road.
王叶答应：“不会很久。现在麻烦你先带我去找阴石。”
Wang Ye promised: "It won't be long." Now please take me to the Yin Stone first. ”
阴石位于监牢的北面。 The Yin Stone is located on the north side of the prison.
大黑一到地点就汪汪叫。 As soon as Da Hei arrived at the location, he screamed.
王叶挑眉，巧了。这阴石的正下方貌似就是他要找的寒泉。
Wang Ye raised his eyebrows, it was a coincidence. Directly below this yin stone seemed to be the cold spring he was looking for.
而这些阴石根据大黑回忆，不过是一堆普通石头，是当初两位老祖建造这座监牢时留下的多余建筑材料。
According to Dahei's recollections, these Yin Stones were just a pile of ordinary stones, which were the superfluous building materials left over from the construction of this prison by the two ancestors.
幽光对这些阴石很眼馋，但他并没有表示想要的意思。 The glow was greedy for these Yin Stones, but he didn't mean to say what he wanted.
王叶不客气地把这堆小山一样的阴石全都收入虫巢。 Wang Ye unceremoniously put all the mountain-like yin stones into the insect nest.
疯药王发出了兴奋的怪叫，他要用这些阴石铺床和改造他的小楼。
The Mad Medicine King let out a strange cry of excitement that he was going to use these Yin Stones to make a bed and renovate his little building.
有亡灵靠近，似乎有点不满王叶把这么多阴石全部收起来。
There were undead approaching, and it seemed that Wang Ye was a little dissatisfied with Wang Ye putting away all the yin stones.
王叶手一挥，大量浮游光虫飞出，并特地发出光亮，好让那些亡灵把它们的身姿能看个清楚。
With a wave of Wang Ye's hand, a large number of floating light insects flew out, and specially emitted light, so that those undead could see their posture clearly.
亡灵们咻咻咻，不到几眨眼的工夫，全都跑不见了。 The undead groaned, and in the blink of an eye, they were all gone.
王叶：这么怕浮游光虫？看来小光他们几次进化，也进化出了噬魂虫的能力。
Wang Ye: So afraid of planktonic light insects? It seems that Xiaoguang has evolved several times, and they have also evolved the ability of the Soul Eater Worm.
不过寄生虫族本来就很擅长吞噬精神力。 However, the parasite is already very good at devouring spiritual power.
“木木，我们休息一会儿，然后就去祭坛吧。”王叶转头。
"Mumu, let's rest for a while, and then let's go to the altar." Wang Ye turned his head.
雷木抬手：“稍等，这一块地方的能量似乎我能吸收。”
Lei Mu raised his hand: "Wait a minute, it seems that I can absorb the energy in this place." ”
“你是说阴力？”王叶来了兴趣，还蹲到地上，用手触摸地面，抬头道：“如果按照我们那边的说法，我们脚下现在站的这块地就是极阴之地，阴气上涌，才会有寒泉出现，也才会把普通石头转化为阴石。”
"You mean Yin Force?" Wang Ye became interested, squatted on the ground, touched the ground with his hands, raised his head and said: "If according to what we said over there, the land we are standing on now is the land of extreme yin, and the yin qi is surging, only then will a cold spring appear, and only then will ordinary stones be transformed into yin stones." ”
雷木若有所思道：“阴气上涌？转化？” Lei Mu said thoughtfully: "Yin Qi is surging? Invert? ”
王叶：“对。木木你……” Wang Ye: "That's right. Mumu you ......"
王叶发现雷木竟然就这么冷不丁地进入了某种特殊状态，身周逐渐被黑暗的能量包裹起来。
Wang Ye found that Lei Mu had entered a special state so coldly, and his body was gradually wrapped in dark energy.
王叶立刻指挥浮游光虫群，让它们守在周围，给雷木护法。
Wang Ye immediately commanded the floating light insect swarm, let them guard the surroundings, and protect Lei Mu.
而他本人则快速地以雷木为中心布置了一个能量聚集魔法阵。
And he himself quickly arranged an energy gathering magic array centered on Lei Mu.
这个能量并不指定哪种能量，只会抽取附近最多的能量。
This energy does not specify which energy it is, only the most energy in the vicinity is drawn.
而雷木现在就站在极阴之地的上方，这个魔法阵抽取的也就是极阴之力。
And Lei Mu is now standing above the Extreme Yin Land, and what this magic array draws is also the power of the Extreme Yin.
既然雷木说这些阴力他能吸收，而且雷木之前都没反应，偏偏就在这里进入特殊状态，也许多些阴力对雷木会有更多好处？
Since Lei Mu said that he could absorb these yin forces, and Lei Mu didn't react before, he just entered a special state here, and more yin power would be more beneficial to Lei Mu?
王叶却不知道他好心差点办了坏事。 Wang Ye didn't know that he was kind and almost did something bad.
也许是他施展【祸福相依】使用了太多能量？毕竟，他到现在都还没有切断这股能量……
Maybe he used too much energy to cast [Blessing and Misfortune]? After all, he hadn't cut off this energy until now......
因为祈福之力，他们幸运地发现了阴石，雷木也能顺利进入觉醒阶段。
Because of the power of prayer, they were lucky enough to find the Yin Stone, and Lei Mu was able to enter the awakening stage smoothly.
但也许雷木今天得到的幸运太多，因果之力直接来找平衡了。
But maybe Lei Mu got too much luck today, and the power of cause and effect came directly to find the balance.
雷木原本在缓缓吸收那些极阴之力，他本能地知道这种力量对于他的魔种极有好处。
Lei Mu was slowly absorbing those extreme yin powers, and he instinctively knew that this power was extremely beneficial to his demon seed.
但他不想让魔种的力量占到上风，就试着把这些阴力也输送到他的生命之种中。
But he didn't want the power of the demon seed to prevail, so he tried to channel these yin forces into his life seed as well.
他也不知道自己为什么要这样做，但他觉得这样做可以，就这么做了。
He didn't know why he was doing it, but he thought it was okay to do it, so he did it.
而结果也比较喜人，之前生命之树曾经跟他说过一些传承的事，而这次，随着极阴之力进入身体，他属于生命之树的传承终于真正觉醒了。
And the result is also more gratifying, the Tree of Life had told him something about the inheritance before, and this time, with the power of the extreme yin entering the body, his inheritance belonging to the Tree of Life has finally truly awakened.
由生到死，由死到生，这本来就是一个循环。也更符合生命之树的本质。
From life to death, from death to life, this is a cycle in the first place. It is also more in line with the essence of the tree of life.
传说没有错，生命之树是会涅槃重生的物种。 Legend is true, the Tree of Life is a species that will be reborn in Nirvana.
但雷木又不能完全处在极阴的环境中，这会唤醒魔种的能量来和生命之树抢夺主控权。
However, Thunderwood cannot be completely in the extreme yin environment, which will awaken the energy of the demon seed to compete with the Tree of Life for control.
现在雷木站的地方就刚刚好，既可以吸取极阴之力，又有一定距离，让雷木可以比较从容地吸收那些极阴之力，作为他收服魔种能量的臂助。
Now the place where Lei Mu is standing is just right, which can not only absorb the power of the extreme yin, but also have a certain distance, so that Lei Mu can absorb the power of the extreme yin more calmly, as an arm for him to subdue the energy of the demon seed.
阴力不断冲刷雷木的身体。 The yin force continued to wash through Lei Mu's body.
雷木的身体在几种血脉中不断切换，又不断融合。 Lei Mu's body kept switching between several bloodlines, and constantly fused.
漆黑的能量遮掩了一切。 The pitch-black energy obscured everything.
可就在雷木接受生命之树传承的紧要关头，他忽然发现原本还能被他控制的极阴之力忽然变多，多得让他来不及吸收，可他越是来不及吸收，就有越多的极阴之力包裹住他。
But at the critical juncture when Lei Mu accepted the inheritance of the Tree of Life, he suddenly found that the power of the Extreme Yin that could still be controlled by him suddenly increased, so much that he didn't have time to absorb it, but the more he didn't have time to absorb it, the more the Extreme Yin Power enveloped him.
原本控制很好的魔种之力瞬间爆发！ The power of the demon seed, which was originally well controlled, exploded in an instant!
雷木：“……” Raimi: "......"
整个地宫都被无形之力震得抖了抖。 The entire dungeon was shaken by the invisible force.
地面上正在祭祀宫殿里祭祀的撒尔曼大帝和众大臣等都感到了这股震动。
The Saarman Emperor and the ministers who were worshipping in the sacrificial palace on the ground all felt the shock.
“地动！”有大臣惊呼，就要往外面跑。 "The ground moves!" Some ministers exclaimed, and they were about to run outside.
撒尔曼大帝眉毛都没动一下，指了指跪在下方的父子俩，淡淡说道：“连祖先们都不满你们父子俩的行为，表示了震怒，你们还有什么可说的？”
Emperor Salman didn't move his eyebrows, pointed to the father and son who were kneeling below, and said lightly: "Even the ancestors are dissatisfied with the behavior of your father and son, and they are angry, what else do you have to say?" ”
撒埃德父子俩脸色苍白，他们觉得会地动完全就是大帝做的手脚。
Saeed's father and son turned pale, and they felt that the movement was entirely the work of the Emperor.
但撒尔曼真没做，所以他特别坦然。 But Salman really didn't do it, so he was very calm.
而贵族和大臣们不管有没有相信这个说法，反正这时只要指责那对父子就对了。
And whether the nobles and ministers believe this statement or not, anyway, at this time, they only need to blame the father and son.
正在看戏的两位老祖呵呵。 The two ancestors who were watching the play.
撒老祖对老妻说：“是魔气，不是雷木那孩子的魔种之力爆发了，就是祭坛那边出了什么问题。”
Sa Lao Zu said to his wife: "It's demonic energy, it's either that Lei Mu's child's demonic seed power has exploded, or something is wrong on the altar." ”
“不管那边，随那两个孩子折腾。真有什么事，大黑会来通知我们。”象夫人正看戏看得津津有味：“你看那些小辈，竟然不相信撒尔曼的说法，你说我们要不要显显灵？”
"Whatever it is, toss with those two children. If something really happens, Big Black will come and inform us. Mrs. Xiang was watching the play with relish: "Look at those juniors, they don't believe Salman's statement, do you think we want to manifest our spirits?" ”
撒老祖立刻诡笑起来，夫人还说他越老越小，明明夫人自己也很爱玩。
Sa Lao Zu immediately laughed, and Madame also said that the older he gets, the younger he gets, and Mrs. Ming herself is also very fun-loving.
地宫深处监牢。 Prison in the depths of the dungeon.
这股爆发的魔种能量比以前都强大。 This burst of demonic seed energy is stronger than ever.
不但雷木长大了，能调动更多能量，也因为他把魔种本源给收回了。
Not only has Lei Mu grown up and can mobilize more energy, but also because he has taken back the origin of the demon seed.
魔种本源简直是迫不及待地想要展现自己的威力，如果魔种有意识，它肯定希望雷木能选择它为主体，而不是生命之树的种子。
The Demon Seed Origin simply can't wait to show its power, and if the Demon Seed is conscious, it must hope that Thunderwood will choose it as the main body instead of the seed of the Tree of Life.
但雷木又不傻，魔种并不真正属于他，这只是一种媒介，是一名真正魔族身上的血肉，以后那名魔族完全可以借由这个通道来找他，附身他，抢夺他的身体、吞噬他的意识。他如果不能真正把魔种能量彻底转化，那么这个也许会被控制的隐患永远都会存在。
But Lei Mu is not stupid, the demon seed does not really belong to him, this is just a medium, the flesh and blood of a real demon, and in the future, the demon can use this channel to find him, possess him, snatch his body, and devour his consciousness. If he can't truly transform the demon seed energy completely, then this hidden danger that may be controlled will always exist.
而木精灵血脉也好、人类血脉也好，都无法压制魔种之力。
And whether it is the blood of the wood elves or the blood of humans, they cannot suppress the power of the demon seed.
所以雷木只能选择生命之树的种子作为主体，然后把魔种当做养料喂给生命之树的种子，也就是他本身。
Therefore, Lei Mu can only choose the seeds of the Tree of Life as the main body, and then use the demon seed as nourishment to feed the seeds of the Tree of Life, that is, himself.
现在，雷木不但要收回爆发的魔种能量，重新控制他，还要控制那些疯狂聚集在他身边的极阴之力。
Now, Lei Mu not only wants to withdraw the explosive demon seed energy and regain control of him, but also control the extreme yin power that has frantically gathered around him.
他不想吸收那些阴力，但魔种渴望，魔种在主动吸收。 He didn't want to absorb those yin forces, but the demon seed longed for it, and the demon seed was actively absorbing it.
雷木并不知道这场变故完全就是王叶的好心造成，所以他没有跟王叶求救，也不想和王叶求救，因为他不知道这些极阴之力对王叶有好处还是有坏处。
Lei Mu didn't know that this accident was completely caused by Wang Ye's kindness, so he didn't ask Wang Ye for help, and he didn't want to ask Wang Ye for help, because he didn't know if these extreme yin powers were good or bad for Wang Ye.
魔种吸收了大量的极阴之力，越来越难控制，没办法，雷木为了控制魔种，不得不把过多的极阴之力转入精灵空间。
The demon seed has absorbed a large amount of extreme yin power, and it is becoming more and more difficult to control, there is no way, Lei Mu has to transfer too much extreme yin power into the elf space in order to control the demon seed.
王叶当即感到不对劲。 Wang Ye immediately felt that something was wrong.
为什么有那么多阴力从雷木那里传来，虽然不多，但他确实感觉到了。
Why is there so much yin power coming from Lei Mu, although it is not much, but he does feel it.
而虫巢显然很喜欢这些阴力，也跟着主动吸收。 And the hive obviously likes these yin forces, and also actively absorbs them.
王叶还想阻止，他不想去抢夺雷木的机缘。 Wang Ye still wanted to stop it, he didn't want to snatch Lei Mu's chance.
可雷木都要哭了。虫巢转移走一部分极阴之力，他还轻松一些，可小叶子竟然把虫巢和精灵空间之间的通道给切断了。
But Remu was going to cry. The insect hive transferred some of the power of the extreme yin, and he was a little more relaxed, but the small leaf actually cut off the passage between the insect hive and the elf space.
“叶子，能量太多……赶紧转移……帮我。”雷木终于向王叶求救了。既然虫巢能吸收极阴之力，他还隐约感觉到王叶对这股能量的渴望，他当然不会再傻乎乎的一个人硬撑。
"Leaves, too much energy...... Hurry up and transfer...... Help me. Lei Mu finally asked Wang Ye for help. Since the insect hive can absorb the power of extreme yin, he still vaguely feels Wang Ye's desire for this energy, of course he will not be stupid anymore.
王叶接收到了雷木的求救信号，这才知道他干了什么好事。
Wang Ye received Lei Mu's distress signal, and then he knew what good he had done.
“呃，木木，别怕，我这就来帮你分担。”王叶索性踏入魔法阵，开始让虫巢直接吸取这些极阴之力。撤掉魔法阵就太可惜了，布置这个魔法阵也用了不少宝贵的材料呢。
"Uh, Mumu, don't be afraid, I'll help you share the burden." Wang Ye simply stepped into the magic array and began to let the insect hive directly absorb these extreme yin powers. It would be a pity to remove the magic array, and a lot of valuable materials were used to arrange this magic array.
大不了，他就多吸收点呗。 It's a big deal, he'll absorb more.
有王叶和虫巢控流，雷木的状态总算再次稳定下来，爆发的魔种能量也被他逐渐收回。
With Wang Ye and the insect hive controlling the flow, Lei Mu's state finally stabilized again, and the explosive demon seed energy was gradually withdrawn by him.
这股能量被雷木全都吸收消化，转移到生命之种中，也让生命之种真正成为了他的身体本源。
This energy was absorbed and digested by Lei Mu and transferred to the Seed of Life, which also made the Seed of Life truly become the origin of his body.
生命之种彻底占了上风，其他三种血脉都被压制到最底层。
The seed of life completely prevailed, and the other three bloodlines were suppressed to the bottom.
磅礴的能量一圈圈散开。 The majestic energy spread out in circles.
原本包裹住雷木的漆黑能量开始散发出让生命特别舒服的淡绿色光芒。
The pitch-black energy that had originally enveloped Lei Mu began to emit a pale green glow that was particularly comfortable for life.
这股感觉上很舒服的淡绿色光芒还一圈圈向外扩散，宛如水纹。
This pale green light, which felt very comfortable, also spread outward in circles, like water lines.
大黑顶着小光，盯着魔法阵中心的那一团绿色光芒：“汪！”
Da Hei stared at the green light in the center of the magic array with a small light: "Wang! ”
有什么强大的东西就要诞生了！ Something powerful is about to be born!
虫巢中，小云也忽然抬起头，脸上出现了惊喜之色：“我们树人族就要有新的宝宝诞生了。”
In the insect nest, Xiao Yun also suddenly raised his head, and a look of surprise appeared on his face: "Our Tree Human Race is about to have a new baby born." ”
“是雷木！”疯药王和靳蜘蛛一起站到了城墙上，小云也跳了上来。
"It's Remu!" The Mad Medicine King and Jin Spider stood on the city wall together, and Xiaoyun also jumped up.
同一时间，撒老祖和象夫人忽地一起偏头看向地宫深处。
At the same time, Sa Lao Zu and Mrs. Xiang suddenly turned their heads together to look into the depths of the underground palace.
“这是……生之力？”象夫人一脸不可思议地惊叹。 "It's ...... The power of life? Madame Elephant looked incredulous.
撒老祖也满脸疑惑：“怎么会有生之力出现？这一片在我死前就是有名的死亡之地，后来这里给那些不肖子孙修建了地宫，埋葬了那么多死人和不甘心的灵魂，更是成了极阴之地。在这里，除了一些特殊生命，根本没有什么活物能生长。”
Sa Lao Zu was also full of doubts: "How can there be a living force?" This area was a famous place of death before I died, and later an underground palace was built here for those unworthy descendants, burying so many dead and unwilling souls, and it became a place of extreme yin. Here, apart from a few special lifeforms, there is no living thing that grows at all. ”
最显著的，地宫中寸草不生，连虫子都没有。就是撒家墓地上方也同样如此。
The most significant thing is that there is no grass in the dungeon, not even insects. The same is true of the cemetery of Saku.
两位老祖之后，就是几名实力较强的亡灵有了感应。 After the two ancestors, several powerful undead had senses.
他们不约而同都看向了地宫深处，方向西。 They all looked into the depths of the dungeon, to the west.
那里有一股庞大的能量正在孕育，他们能感觉得出来。 There's a huge amount of energy there, and they can feel it.
而且这股能量和地宫中的死亡之力正好相反，充满了勃勃生机。
And this energy is just the opposite of the power of death in the dungeon, full of vitality.
就在地面上的撒尔曼大帝也像是感受到了什么，而放出自己的精神力查看时。
The Salman Emperor on the ground also seemed to feel something, and released his spiritual power to check it.
咔嚓！ Click!
地宫的某处墙壁突然出现了一条细细的裂缝。 A thin crack suddenly appeared in the wall of the dungeon.
随着生命之力越来越多，地宫中的裂缝也越来越多。 As the life force increases, so do the cracks in the dungeon.
不知从哪里流出的水流流入地宫。 The water flowing out of nowhere flows into the dungeon.
地宫中唯一勉强可以算是植物的菌菇们像是获得了某种超级养料般，速度飞快地不断侵袭其他通道。
The only mushrooms in the dungeon that could barely be regarded as plants seemed to have obtained some kind of super nutrients, and they continued to invade other passages at a rapid speed.
监牢内，原本只有墙角长出一点的幽影蘑菇更是长疯了，迅速蔓延了整个监牢。
Inside the prison, the ghost mushroom, which originally only grew a little in the corner of the wall, grew even more crazy, and quickly spread throughout the prison.
有亡灵摘下一朵幽影魔鬼塞进嘴里咀嚼，还是和以前一样难吃，但个头长大了，吃下肚多少还是能吸收到一点能量。
An undead took a ghost and stuffed it into his mouth to chew, it was still as unpalatable as before, but as he grew up, he could still absorb a little energy after eating it.
嗯？这能量怎么和自己体内的某种能量互相抵消了，像是对亡灵有毒？
Well? How did this energy cancel each other out with some kind of energy in his body, like it was poisonous to the undead?
幽影蘑菇竟然变成能让亡灵中毒的毒蘑菇了？
这个讯息迅速在整个囚牢中传开。 The message quickly spread throughout the prison.
明明都说了有毒，可吃幽影蘑菇的亡灵却越来越多。
疯药王看着幽影蘑菇眼馋，见王叶只顾着雷木，顾不上他们，就让靳蜘蛛出去给小光打招呼，让浮游光虫群去采集幽影蘑菇给他。
靳蜘蛛：“你自己怎么不出去？你又不是不能出去。”
不要以为他不知道，王小叶早就给了疯药王自由进出虫巢的权力。只是老疯子就是个老宅男，更喜欢有事弟子服其劳，要么就是找弟子的小弟，他自己都不肯离开虫巢。
疯药王表示：“外面那么多亡灵，每个都比我强大，我出去后，让他们知道我就是余生不定，那我多没面子？”
靳蜘蛛：“……”所以老疯子不肯离开虫巢，不是因为他死宅，而是因为觉得自己还太弱小，出去被人发现他的真实身份会丢脸？
第313章 祭坛、雕像
王叶怀里抱着一个奇怪的骷髅头往祭坛方向走。
大黑在前面领路，小光特别大爷地坐在大黑头顶，像个小灯泡一样闪闪发亮。
王叶走一会儿，就要低头看看怀里的骷髅头，那神情特别宝贝。
实际上，他宝贝的不是骷髅头，而是栽种在骷髅头中的……雷木。
骷髅头花盆里有一株刚刚探出芽尖的嫩芽，真的是特别特别嫩，似乎随便来阵风都能吹跑了。
谁能想到呢，当木木觉醒了生命之树的传承，他选择了生命之种作为身体主体后，竟然变成了一颗刚刚发芽的小芽芽。
王叶看到那株扎根在监牢地面上的小芽芽，特别无奈。
小芽芽还对他摇了摇。
好、好可爱！王叶看雷木，那是无论什么样儿都好，只要他还活着并有意识。
变成嫩芽的雷木还特别霸道，也许是无意识地寻求营养，就把根系深入再深入，扎根到龙骨身上了，而那个位置还好巧不巧就是龙的头骨所在。
不过那龙的意识不但没生气，还很高兴地说他感觉到了生命之树的气息，并决定把自己的头骨赠送给刚发芽的生命之树当花盆。
王叶：喂喂，你不是很想让自己的骨头回归龙之族地吗？
龙的意识理所当然地回：“等生命之树长大，你再把我的龙头骨送还回来。”
王叶：“……”
龙的意识还自卖自夸地告诉王叶：“我的头骨做花盆好处可多了，我生前可是纯水系的龙，知道我尸骨下方那寒泉哪里来的吗？就是靠我的尸骨聚拢而来。用我的头骨做花盆，都不用再给生命之树浇水，哪怕是在沙漠，也不用。”
王叶：你说得这么好，我都不想把你的头骨还回去了。
王叶又问金宝的情况。
龙的意识说金宝好得很，让王叶在三十天内一定要回来，因为他的尸骨的力量最多只能再维持三十天，这个监牢就会彻底消失，到时里面的囚犯亡灵都会跑出去。
王叶心中有数了，收取了不少幽影蘑菇……虫巢竟然也喜欢这东西，就抱着龙头骨花盆带着雷木出发了。
Wang Ye knew it in his heart and collected a lot of ghost mushrooms...... The hive actually liked this thing too, so it set off with Lei Mu in the dragon skull flower pot.
原本象夫人给雷木手背上留了一个大象的印记，保证他们可以不用闯关就能进入祭坛，但现在雷木变成嫩芽，王叶还以为接下来要遇到不少麻烦，可大黑特别主动地表示想要带路，这个问题好像就解决了？
Originally, Mrs. Elephant left an elephant mark on the back of Lei Mu's hand to ensure that they could enter the altar without breaking through, but now that Lei Mu has become a young bud, Wang Ye thought that he would encounter a lot of trouble next, but Da Hei took the initiative to say that he wanted to lead the way, and this problem seemed to be solved?
大黑：我还没带这个小崽崽去抓鱼呢。 Daikoku: I haven't taken this little cub to catch fish yet.
大黑才不会说，它其实有点舍不得离开那只漂亮的占着它脑袋的凶悍虫。
The big black wouldn't say that it was actually a little reluctant to leave the beautiful fierce insect that occupied its head.
虫虫虽然凶，但是它真的好漂亮啊~ Although the insect is fierce, it is really beautiful~
大黑敢用自己的狗格发誓，这只金光闪闪的花儿一样的虫子是它死前死后见过最漂亮的虫子，没有之一！
Da Hei dared to swear by his dog personality that this golden flower-like bug was the most beautiful bug he had ever seen before and after his death, and there was no one!
王叶走着走着，就发现地宫似乎有点不对劲，他竟然从这个阴沉沉的地宫中感到了一股旺盛的生机。
As Wang Ye walked, he found that something seemed to be wrong with the dungeon, and he actually felt a vigorous vitality from this gloomy dungeon.
而且地宫的墙壁、地面到处都是细小的裂缝。 And the walls and ground of the dungeon are full of tiny cracks.
王叶低头看小芽芽，低声问：“是你吗？都说种子出芽的那一刻力量非常庞大，是你泄露的力量造成的吗？”
Wang Ye looked down at Xiao Yaya and asked in a low voice, "Is it you?" It is said that the moment the seed sprouts, the power is very huge, is it caused by the power you leaked? ”
小芽芽动了动，像是在回答王叶。 The little bud bud moved, as if answering Wang Ye.
王叶喜欢极了。雷木的觉醒阶段还不知道要维持多长时间，但期间只要仍旧能对他有一些反应，这对他就足够了。
Wang Ye likes it very much. It is not known how long Remu's awakening phase will last, but as long as there is still some reaction to him, it will be enough for him.
祭坛就在监牢的下方，正好位于中心位置。 The altar is just below the prison, right in the center.
一路上都是螺旋向下的阶梯，阶梯两边的墙壁上全都是精美至极的壁画。
Along the way, there are spiraling down staircases, and the walls on both sides of the stairs are covered with exquisite murals.
壁画内容像是在讲述当初的第一代国王布置魔法阵、和魔族契约、建造祭坛的过程。
The content of the mural seems to tell the story of the process of the first king arranging the magic array, making a contract with the demons, and building the altar.
但古怪的是，壁画中所有人物和动物都是一团黑影，包括那魔族在内。
But strangely, all the characters and animals in the mural are a dark shadow, including the demon.
这些黑影在壁画中流动，像是活的一般。 These dark shadows flow in the mural as if they were alive.
大黑冲着两边的壁画发出低沉的威胁的吼声。 Big Black let out a low, threatening roar at the murals on either side.
王叶手里捧着的龙头骨花盆也自然而然发出了强大的威压。
The dragon head bone flower pot that Wang Ye was holding in his hand naturally emitted a powerful coercion.
雷木还在觉醒途中，但当他感到有力量威胁到王叶，下意识就释放出强大的能量。
Lei Mu was still on the way to awakening, but when he felt that there was a power threatening Wang Ye, he subconsciously released a powerful energy.
咔嚓，咔嚓，细细的开裂声连续响起。 Click, click, thin cracking sound sounded continuously.
通往祭坛的阶梯墙壁也出现了裂纹。 The staircase wall leading to the altar also cracked.
壁画中的黑影像是受到了惊吓，它们齐齐转头看向王叶……手里的龙头骨花盆中的小芽芽。
The black images in the mural were frightened, and they all turned their heads to look at Wang Ye...... A small bud in a pot with a dragon's head skull in your hand.
王叶老得意了：我家木木真是什么时候都不忘保护我。
等走到最后一段，墙壁上竟然全是被镶嵌的尸体。
那些尸体还保持着生前的表情，他们或是在奔逃、或是在惊恐大叫，脸上的表情都似恐惧到极点。
而墙壁上的尸体就定格在他们生前的最后一刹那。
祭坛位于一个圆形的房间中。
这个房间意外的并不大，只有大约一百多平方，高度倒是很高，约有五米。
房间呈圆形，墙壁上都是尸体，那些尸体探出了三分之一的身体，都像是在伸手想要抓住什么。
这些尸体和阶梯最后一段的尸体不同，它们已经全身都变成黑色，脸部五官也像是融化了，看不清楚。
形象一点的说法，这些尸体就像是被沥青或石油浸泡过，然后被镶嵌在墙壁上，成了一种另类的壁画。
而且这些尸体的眼睛明明融化了，却能在黑暗中发出幽幽的暗黄色光芒。
当王叶他们走入祭坛房间时，这些镶嵌在墙壁上的漆黑尸体的眼睛似乎齐齐看向了他们。
如果胆子小的人看到这一幕，说不定能被活活吓死。
王叶手一挥，四盏高亮的魔法灯飞出，照亮了整个祭坛房间，也把那位于房间中心的祭坛照得一清二楚。
这个祭坛布置得真的是异常豪华，所有建筑材料非金既银，更镶嵌了大量宝石。
不，不是宝石，是魔晶！ No, it's not a gem, it's a magic crystal!
王叶摸了摸，发现刻写文字的银色金属竟然是珍贵的秘银后，他就想把这座祭坛整个拆下来带走。
Wang Ye touched it, and after discovering that the silver metal engraved with the words turned out to be precious Mithril, he wanted to dismantle the altar and take it away.
“咿！闻起来有点好吃。”小光飞舞起来，围着祭坛上的石柱绕了几圈，尤其对祭坛中心摆放的那个古怪漆黑玩意特别感兴趣，似乎很想扑上去咬一口。
"Bah! It smells a little tasty. The light flew around the stone pillar on the altar a few times, especially interested in the strange pitch-black thing placed in the center of the altar, and seemed to want to pounce on it and take a bite.
“小光，回来，不要什么脏东西都吃。”王叶却从那古怪玩意身上感觉到了一股相当邪恶的力量。
"Xiaoguang, come back, don't eat anything dirty." Wang Ye sensed a rather evil force from that strange thing.
小光盯着那古怪雕像看了好一会儿，才依依不舍地飞回大黑脑袋上。
Xiaoguang stared at the strange statue for a long time before reluctantly flying back to the big black head.
大黑微微拱起身体，狠狠瞪视着祭坛中心的古怪雕像。每次看到这东西，它都很烦躁。
Dahei arched his body slightly, glaring fiercely at the strange statue in the center of the altar. Every time I see this thing, it gets irritated.
象夫人平时都不让它过来这里，说这里这个雕像会给它带来不好的影响。
Madame Elephant usually doesn't let it come here, saying that this statue here will have a bad influence on it.
“咦？这东西……”虫巢中，见多识广的疯药王抱着一块阴石看着那祭坛中心的古怪雕像道：“这东西我以前见过，等等，让我想想。”
"Huh? This thing ......" In the hive, the well-informed Mad Medicine King held a piece of Yin Stone and looked at the strange statue in the center of the altar and said, "I've seen this thing before, wait, let me think about it." ”
王叶打量祭坛，祭坛一共有七根柱子，但这七根柱子却没有撑到墙顶，而就是单纯地竖立在祭坛之上。
Wang Ye looked at the altar, and the altar had a total of seven pillars, but these seven pillars did not reach the top of the wall, but were simply erected on top of the altar.
七根柱子的距离也不是等分，而是十分不规则地竖立在祭坛边沿。
The seven pillars are not equally spaced apart, but are erected very irregularly at the edge of the altar.
王叶先是想到北斗七星，但和北斗七星的位置差远了。 Wang Ye first thought of the Big Dipper, but the location of the Big Dipper was far from the Big Dipper.
他试着把七根柱子连成一条线，看着看着，他就抬手修改了其中一条线。
He tried to connect the seven pillars into a line, and as he looked at it, he raised his hand to modify one of the lines.
最后呈现在他面前的图形，熟悉得让他心惊。 The final figure presented in front of him was so familiar that he was shocked.
这是他得到因果之力的那个副本中，他看到过的某个简易图形。
It was a simple figure he had seen in the copy where he had received the power of cause and effect.
但那个副本中并没有魔族出现，而且那还是一个普通副本。
But there were no demons in that dungeon, and it was still an ordinary dungeon.
在他得到因果之力的洞穴里，洞顶有很多简易图形，他当时看不懂，还特地画了下来，以为是什么宝藏地图。
In the cave where he received the power of cause and effect, there were many simple figures on the roof of the cave, which he couldn't understand at the time, so he specially drew it, thinking that it was some kind of treasure map.
但后来他一直没有发现相关线索。 But he never found any clues.
没想到重活一世，他竟然在撒家的地宫祭坛里得到了线索。
Unexpectedly, he got a clue in the altar of the underground palace of the Sajia family.
那洞顶简易图形中的一个出现了，还是和魔族有关。 One of the simple shapes on the top of the cave appeared, and it was still related to the demons.
也许等这次事情结束，他应该再去一趟那个副本，说不定会有一些新的发现。
Maybe when this time is over, he should go to that copy again, maybe there will be some new discoveries.
“我想起来了！”疯药王倏地喊道。 "I remember!" The mad medicine king shouted.
虫巢中，靳蜘蛛和小云一起看向他。 In the hive, Jin Spider and Xiaoyun looked at him together.
王叶则在虫巢外等待着。 Wang Ye waited outside the hive.
疯药王得到了大量阴石和幽影蘑菇，心情好，这次就没拿乔，很快说道：“两百多年前，我曾经去过一个村庄，那里算不上偏僻，民众却十分愚昧，他们相信一种邪神。”
The Mad Medicine King got a large number of Yin Stone and Shadow Mushrooms, and was in a good mood, so he didn't take Qiao this time, and quickly said: "More than two hundred years ago, I once went to a village, which was not remote, but the people were very ignorant, and they believed in an evil god. ”
“双月星其实有很多不被大众承认的神灵，大多都是人们编撰出来，也有些神灵就是最早的神眷者和魔种，还有一些强大的魔兽和树人等也会被当成神灵被普通人跪拜。除此之外，还有一种邪神。”
"In fact, there are many gods and spirits that are not recognized by the public, most of them are made up by people, and some gods are the earliest gods and demon species, and some powerful monsters and tree people will also be regarded as gods and worshiped by ordinary people. In addition to this, there is also a kind of evil god. ”
疯药王神色难得凝重道：“这种邪神原本并不存在，但一旦你给予它们某个实体，并把祈愿的力量传导给它，它就有可能会‘活’过来，开始主动吸收某些能量。吸收越多能量，它就越强大，甚至真正地活过来，变成我们口中的邪神。”
The Mad Medicine King said with a rare solemn expression: "This kind of evil god does not exist originally, but once you give them a certain entity and transmit the power of prayer to it, it may 'come alive' and start to actively absorb certain energy. The more energy it absorbs, the more powerful it becomes, and even truly comes alive and becomes what we call an evil god. ”
“它们当然不是神，这只是一种对它们的称呼。为什么叫它们邪神？因为这种邪神最喜欢的能量就是邪恶，人们向它们乞求的是人们最常见的愿望，财富、寿命、健康、妻儿等等，但献出的祭品却是生命，是人命。”
"Of course they're not gods, it's just a name for them. Why are they called evil gods? Because the favorite energy of this evil god is evil, people beg for their most common wishes, wealth, lifespan, health, wives and children, etc., but the sacrifice is life, human life. ”
“就比如我去的那个村庄，也不知是谁开始的，那村庄的人都知道一个只有他们知道的秘密。在他们村，如果想要财富，那就杀死旅客献给后山山洞里的一块石头。如果想要儿子，就必须杀死一个女孩。想要寿命，就用自己的儿女或者父母的血献祭，如果是献出生命那效果最好。想要幸运，就得诅咒一个认识的人不幸。”
"For example, in the village I visited, I don't know who started it, and the people in that village knew a secret that only they knew. In their village, if they want wealth, they kill a stone that travelers offer to the cave in the back mountain. If you want a son, you have to kill a girl. If you want to live long, you should sacrifice yourself with the blood of your children or parents, and if you give your life, it will be the most effective. If you want to be lucky, you have to curse someone you know to be unlucky. ”
疯药王摇头：“你们没有去过那个村子，不知道那村子有多么可怕，他们看起来都很正常，其实除了刚出生的婴儿和不懂事的孩童，几乎全都是罪人。他们还联合作案，欺骗外来的旅客，从外面购买孩童，全都是为了献祭给那块石头。那个村子我简直想从我的记忆里抹除，如果不是我实力还不错，我可能就栽在那个村子中了。”
The Mad Medicine King shook his head: "You haven't been to that village, you don't know how terrible that village is, they all look normal, but in fact, except for newborn babies and ignorant children, almost all of them are sinners." They also conspired to deceive foreign travelers into buying children from outside, all to sacrifice to the stone. I almost want to erase that village from my memory, if it weren't for my good strength, I might have been planted in that village. ”
“后来经过我拷问，我才知道那块石头的事，那些村民告诉我，他们听到了神的声音，是神让他们这么做。而他们村也确实因为这个神灵，大家都生活得十分富足，还有很多看着很年轻的长寿者。”
"Later, after I tortured it, I learned about the stone, and the villagers told me that they heard God's voice and that God had told them to do it. And because of this deity, everyone in their village lives very richly, and there are many people who look very young and long-lived. ”
“可实际上，这个村子的人口已经越来越少，他们就要坚持不下去了，有些有良知的人想要逃跑，都被他们追上去杀死，因为他们要守住这个共同的秘密。”
"But in fact, the population of this village is getting smaller and smaller, and they can't hold on anymore, and some people with a conscience want to escape, but they chase them and kill them, because they want to keep this common secret."
疯药王很平淡地说道：“后来除了不记事的孩童和婴儿，我把那个村的村民都杀了，他们每一个人都该死，留着他们只会让新的邪神诞生。之后我就去那个山洞找那块石头了，那块石头和当初村人看到的模样已经大不相同，看起来就和这祭坛上的古怪雕像差不多，黑油油的，身体扭曲，像是人又不像是人，闻着一股腥味。”
The Mad Medicine King said very calmly: "Later, except for the children and babies who don't remember, I killed all the villagers of that village, and every one of them deserved to die, and keeping them would only give birth to a new evil god." Then I went to the cave to look for the stone, which was very different from what the villagers had seen at the beginning, and it looked like the strange statue on the altar, black and oily, with a twisted body, like a human being but not a human being, and smelling fishy. ”
疯药王最后总结道：“这是恶念的具化物，一种很邪恶的东西，可以发挥非常可怕的力量。必须用光明类魔法和火系魔法焚烧，更要摧毁其中的精神力，一点点都不能留。”
The Mad Medicine King finally concluded, "This is the embodiment of evil thoughts, a very evil thing that can exert very terrifying powers. It must be incinerated with light-type magic and fire-type magic, and the spiritual power in it must be destroyed, and no trace can be left. ”
王叶奇怪：“这是魔族的祭坛，怎么会有人在祭坛中心放置这么一个东西？”
Wang Ye was surprised: "This is the altar of the demon race, how could anyone put such a thing in the center of the altar?" ”
大黑：“汪！汪汪！” Big Black: "Wang! Barking! ”
王叶惊讶：“你是说这雕像不是撒洛特放置的？也不是那个魔族要求，而是后来出现的？”
Wang Ye was surprised: "You mean that this statue was not placed by Salot?" It wasn't the demon who asked for it, but it came later? ”
大黑：“汪！” Big Black: "Wang! ”
“是谁？是谁把这个雕像放在这里？”王叶追问。 "Who is it? Who put this statue here? Wang Ye asked.
可大黑这次就不知道了，露出了茫然神情。 But Da Hei didn't know this time, showing a blank expression.
“那你记得这雕像你最早是什么时候发现的吗？”王叶又问。
"Do you remember when you first discovered this statue?" Wang Ye asked again.
大黑这次回答了：“汪！汪汪汪！” Da Hei replied this time: "Wang! Woohoo! ”
王叶一听，竟然有两百多年的历史了。 When Wang Ye heard it, it had a history of more than 200 years.
雷木忽然传音给王叶。 Lei Mu suddenly transmitted the message to Wang Ye.
王叶一愣：“木木？你见过这东西？” Wang Ye was stunned: "Mumu? Have you ever seen this thing? ”
雷木虽然变成了嫩芽，声音还是原样：“见过。我曾经在撒奇尔的房间里看到过这个雕像，形状一模一样，只比这个要小得多，就放在他的窗台上。因为这个雕像无论从哪个方向看，都像是一个古怪的笑脸，看着非常可怕，我才记住了。”
Although Lei Mu turned into a young shoot, his voice remained the same: "I've seen it." I once saw this statue in Thatcher's room, exactly the same shape, only much smaller than this, on his windowsill. Because this statue looks like a strange smiling face no matter which way you look at it, and it looks very scary, I remember it. ”
王叶没问雷木怎么会进入撒奇尔的房间，那显然不是什么好的回忆。
竟然和撒缺德父子有关，他似乎能猜到这个雕像的来历了。王叶看着那个古怪雕像，露出了比雕像还要邪恶的笑容。
It was related to the father and son of Zacqued, and he seemed to be able to guess the origin of the statue. Wang Ye looked at the strange statue and showed a smile that was even more evil than the statue.
疯药王和雷木说的话，虫巢外面只有王叶听见。 What the Mad Medicine King and Lei Mu said, only Wang Ye could hear outside the hive.
王叶像是什么都不知道一样，开始围着祭坛转圈圈。 As if he didn't know anything, Wang Ye began to circle around the altar.
别人就见王叶像是突然化身贪婪的小贼一样，东挖一块魔晶，西挖一块秘银，还全都装了起来。
Others saw that Wang Ye seemed to suddenly turn into a greedy thief, digging a piece of magic crystal in the east and a piece of Mithril in the west, and they all packed it up.
小光盯着那祭坛中心的雕像看，她忽然觉得王叶的行为很不可忍，尤其是这个可恶的主人还想收她的税！
Xiao Guang stared at the statue in the center of the altar, and she suddenly felt that Wang Ye's behavior was very unbearable, especially since this hateful master still wanted to collect her taxes!
什么好东西都给你，我们就只能吃你留下的边角料吗？ If we give you anything good, we can only eat the leftovers you left behind?
小光气呼呼地飞起来，飞到王叶头顶，冲着他咬，同时传音：“咿咿咿！笨蛋，赶紧消灭那个雕像，那玩意会蛊惑周围的生命！要不是我意识坚定，现在你已经被我啃出满身洞了！”
Xiao Guangqi flew up with a huff, flew to the top of Wang Ye's head, and bit at him, and at the same time transmitted: "Babble! Kill that statue, stupid, that thing will bewitch the life around it! If I hadn't been conscious, you'd have been gnawed out of my hole by now! ”
“我就知道小光你最牛掰了。”王叶赶紧传音拍小光的马屁，这时候可不能得罪小光，否则小光气急了，再受到那东西的蛊惑，真能追着他咬。
"I knew that Xiaoguang was the best at you." Wang Ye hurriedly sent a sound to pat Xiaoguang's ass, he couldn't offend Xiaoguang at this time, otherwise Xiaoguang would be in a hurry, and if he was bewitched by that thing, he would really be able to chase him and bite.
小光发出咿咿叫声，逮住他的短发一阵乱抓。 Hikari babbles and grabs his short hair.
王叶配合地哎哎痛叫，还挥手驱赶小光，实际上则是给小光套上了因果循环保护罩，还对她施展了能净化阴邪功法伤害的治疗法术【源清流净】。
Wang Ye cooperated and screamed in pain, and waved his hand to drive away Xiao Guang, in fact, he put a causal cycle protective shield on Xiao Guang, and also cast a healing spell [Yuan Qingliu Jing] on her that could purify the damage of the Yin Evil Technique.
小光忽然觉得浑身舒畅，享受得直喊“再来再来，不要小气嘛”，一边追着王叶跑。
Xiaoguang suddenly felt comfortable, and shouted "Come again, don't be stingy" while chasing Wang Ye.
王叶就跳到祭台上，一边跑一边抠祭台上的东西，偶尔还会扔下一些物品。
Wang Ye jumped on the altar, picking at the things on the altar as he ran, and occasionally throwing some items.
那些物品像是在砸小光，但一个都没砸中，全都落在了祭台上。
The objects seemed to be smashing Xiaoguang, but none of them hit, and all of them landed on the altar.
大黑糊涂了，这是干嘛呢？怎么自己人突然打起来了？ Da Hei is confused, what is this for? Why did your own people suddenly fight?
大黑耳朵忽然动了动，它好像听到有谁在呼唤它？ The big black ear suddenly moved, as if it heard someone calling to it?
是谁？ Who is it?
“吃掉那个人类小崽子，你会真正活过来，你会获得真正的生命……”
"Eat that little human cub and you will really come back to life, you will get real life......"
大黑：“汪？” Big Black: "Wang? ”
“吃掉他，不用犹豫。”大黑听到了象夫人的声音。 "Eat him, don't hesitate." Dahei heard the voice of Madame Elephant.
大黑狗脸迷茫了：“汪？”好端端的，怎么突然让我吃掉那个人类小崽崽？我还等他给我烤鱼吃呢。
The big black dog's face was confused: "Wang? "Good guy, why did you suddenly let me eat that little human cub? I'm still waiting for him to grill fish for me.
“大黑！干掉那个人类小崽，把那棵幼苗带给我！”撒老祖也给它下了命令。
"Big Black! Kill that human cub and bring me that seedling! "Sa's ancestor also gave it an order.
大黑：“……”人类真的太古怪了，前两天还对那个会做饭的小崽那么好，今天就要杀人夺宝了，汪呜~
Dahei: "......" human beings are really weird, they were so good to that little cub who can cook two days ago, and today they are going to kill people and seize treasures, Wang Woo~
它是去咬死那人类小崽呢，还是假装什么都没听见呢？ Is it going to bite the human cub to death, or is it pretending not to hear anything?
大黑立即冲着在祭台上乱跑的王叶一通狂吠：“汪汪汪！”
Da Hei immediately barked at Wang Ye, who was running around on the altar: "Wangwang! ”
王叶一边忙着阴某个存在，一边还不得不抽空回答：“行行行，我答应你！”
While Wang Ye was busy with a certain existence, he had to take the time to answer: "Okay, okay, I promise you!" ”
王叶从虫巢里随便摸出一袋子鸡蛋糕，扔向了大黑。 Wang Ye casually took out a bag of chicken cakes from the worm nest and threw it at Da Hei.
大黑用爪子撕开纸袋，闻了闻。 Daikoku tore open the paper bag with his paws and sniffed it.
不是肉，不过闻起来似乎还行，先吃吃看？ It's not meat, but it smells okay, so eat it first?
这一吃，大黑头就没有抬起过。 This time, the big black head has never been raised.
象夫人和撒老祖的声音在连番命令它，到最后都愤怒了。
The voices of Lady Elephant and Sazu ordered it repeatedly, and at last they were angry.
大黑狗嘴里吧嗒着鸡蛋糕，含糊地哼哼：别急，等我把那小崽子身上的好吃的都吃完了，我就去咬死他~
The big black dog smacked the chicken cake in his mouth and hummed vaguely: Don't worry, when I finish eating all the delicious food on that little cub, I'll bite him to death~
咔嚓！祭台中心的古怪雕像气炸了。 Click! The quirky statue in the center of the altar blew up.
那当然是不可能的，但那雕像似乎也发现了不妙，它感到自己似乎被某种能量给束缚住了。
That was impossible, of course, but the statue seemed to notice something wrong, and it felt as if it was being bound by some kind of energy.
第314章 拆祭坛 Chapter 314: Tearing Down the Altar
王叶适时跳下了祭台。 Wang Ye jumped off the altar at the right time.
小光也飞快远离祭台。她老板和这个古怪的雕像比起来，到底谁更邪恶一点很难说。而且王小叶的能力也很不一般，应该可以克制这个古怪雕像的能量。
Xiaoguang also quickly moved away from the altar. It's hard to say who is more evil than her boss and the strange statue. Moreover, Wang Xiaoye's ability is also very extraordinary, and he should be able to restrain the energy of this strange statue.
至少王叶给她施展了某种术法后，她的心情就平静许多，也听不到那古怪的从灵魂深处响起的蛊惑声音。
At least after Wang Ye cast some kind of spell on her, her mood was much calmer, and she couldn't hear the strange bewitching voice that sounded from the depths of her soul.
王叶跳下祭台的同时就发动了隔绝魔法阵。 Wang Ye jumped off the altar and activated the Isolation Magic Array.
大黑抬起头：汪！那两个吵闹的声音终于消失了。 Da Hei raised his head: Wang! The two noisy voices finally died down.
大黑被吵得稀里糊涂的脑袋陡然变得清醒许多，它立刻反应过来，刚才那两个声音绝不是撒大胆和象夫人，而是那个古怪雕像在搞事。
Da Hei's confused head suddenly became much more sober, and it immediately reacted that the two voices just now were not Sa Daring and Madame Elephant, but the strange statue doing something.
这个雕像果然麻烦。 This statue is really troublesome.
大黑立起身体，冲着祭台上的雕像发出威胁的低吼声。 Daikoku stood up and let out a menacing roar at the statue on the altar.
同一时间，地面上的祭祀宫殿中。 At the same time, on the ground in the sacrificial palace.
在祭祀过程中，撒尔曼大帝让手下宣布了明光公爵父子的十大罪行。
During the sacrifice, Emperor Salman had his subordinates announce the ten crimes of Duke Mingguang's father and son.
只谋害帝位继承人，和勾结外敌叛国这两项罪名就足够判处父子俩死刑，其他什么滥杀无辜、私下举行淫祀、强取豪夺、卖爵鬻官……之类的罪名都成了小罪。
The two crimes of murdering the heir to the throne and colluding with foreign enemies to commit treason are enough to sentence the father and son to death...... and so on, all of which became petty crimes.
撒埃德父子俩陷入了彻底的绝望。 Saeed and his son fell into utter despair.
撒奇尔被从那阴暗无声的囚室里放出来时，整个人都已经浑浑噩噩，看起来一点都不像是十四五岁的少年郎，反而像是头发和牙齿都快要掉光的老年人。
When Thatcher was released from the dark and silent cell, he was in a state of confusion, not looking like a fourteen or fifteen-year-old boy at all, but like an old man whose hair and teeth were about to fall out.
撒埃德看到儿子时，简直不敢相信自己的眼睛。 Saeed couldn't believe his eyes when he saw his son.
撒埃德愤怒地质问大帝，说这种惩罚过于残忍。 Saeed angrily confronted the Emperor, saying that the punishment was too cruel.
撒尔曼只冷冷笑了笑，随后就拿出了魔影石。 Salman only sneered, and then took out the Shadow Stone.
魔影石清楚记录了撒奇尔变成现在这副模样的过程，其中还包括撒埃德的妻子明光公爵夫人脸部溃烂和撒埃德自己失去某个重要部件的某些影像记录。
The Shadow Stone is a clear record of how Thatch became what she is now, including some video footage of the festering face of Saed's wife, the Duchess of Mingguang, and the loss of an important part of Saeed's own life.
大殿一片惊愕声。 The hall was filled with consternation.
撒埃德最大的秘密被解开，羞愤到想要当场自杀。 Saed's biggest secret is revealed, and he is so ashamed that he wants to commit suicide on the spot.
撒尔曼看着父子俩那羞耻愤怒悲痛到极点的表情，心中终于产生了一丝快意。
Salman looked at the shame, anger and grief expressions of the father and son, and finally a trace of happiness finally appeared in his heart.
这还不够，他要这对父子活着的每一刻都要受罪，不这样，根本不能偿还撒坦和月琴二十年来受到的那么多苦痛！还有所有被这对父子所害的无辜者。
This is not enough, he wants the father and son to suffer every moment of their lives, otherwise, they will not be able to repay Satan and Yueqin for so much pain in the past twenty years! And all the innocent people who were killed by the father and son.
“你们的事就算再怎么隐瞒，也有痕迹暴露。何况你那个妻子还在愤怒之下，不到一个月就杀死了十七名侍女、更让人剥下三十多名无辜少女的脸皮，只为了给自己换上合适的脸。而你则是让人为你施展法术，为你接驳其他人的器官，你连魔兽的都尝试了，可不管哪种治疗术和魔法都没有在你们身上起作用。”
"No matter how much you hide your business, there are traces exposed. What's more, your wife is still angry, and in less than a month, she killed seventeen maids, and even made people peel off the faces of more than thirty innocent girls, just to put on a suitable face for herself. You're having people cast spells for you, you're connecting other people's organs, you've even tried the beasts, but none of the healings and magic have worked on you. ”
撒尔曼说出的事情让众大臣和贵族们都倒抽一口冷气，他们不是心寒明光公爵一家残忍无道，而是恐惧这种可怕的家族诅咒——这明显就是诅咒。
What Salman said made all the ministers and nobles gasp, not because they were afraid of the cruelty of Duke Mingguang's family, but because they were afraid of this terrible family curse, which was obviously a curse.
撒埃德则是恐惧大帝竟然对他们一家的事情这么清楚，那么他们密谋策划的另一件事，他是不是也知道？
Saeed was afraid that the Emperor was so clear about their family's affairs, so did he also know about the other thing they were plotting and planning?
“是你诅咒我们！”撒埃德疯狂地喊。 "You're cursing us!" Saeed shouted frantically.
“我？”撒尔曼露出讥讽的冷笑：“你们配吗？诅咒不用付出代价的吗？我要杀你们、折磨你们，何必使用诅咒这样的手段。在场也有几位擅长诅咒的宫廷魔法师，你可以问问他们，你们的诅咒可与我有关。”
"Me?" Salman sneered sarcastically: "Are you worthy?" Doesn't the curse have to pay a price? I want to kill you and torture you, so why use such a curse? There are also a few court magicians who are good at cursing, and you can ask them if your curses have anything to do with me. ”
所有人都对撒埃德父子俩露出嘲笑的表情。大帝是什么身份，就如他所说，他想要惩治谁，哪需要靠诅咒这样的手段。
Everyone looked at Saeed and his son with a sneering expression. What is the identity of the emperor, as he said, who he wants to punish, how can he rely on such means as curses.
“做恶太多了，被报应了。” "I have done too much evil, and I have been punished."
“就是。肯定是他们夫妻还有他们儿子干了太多坏事，被人报复了。”
"Yes. It must be that their husband and wife and their son have done too many bad things and have been retaliated against. ”
“说不定他们得罪了某个黑暗魔法师。” "Maybe they've offended some dark mage."
大臣和贵族们的窃窃私语声让撒埃德想要把在场这些看到他丑态的人全部杀光。
The whispers of the ministers and nobles made Saeed want to kill all those present who saw his ugliness.
撒埃德在心中发誓，只要他能活下来，只要他父亲能复活，他们家就还有希望，等到他父亲夺得帝位的那一天，他一定会把今天受到的耻辱全都报复回去！
Saeed swore in his heart that as long as he survived, as long as his father could be resurrected, there would still be hope for their family, and when his father took the throne, he would definitely take revenge for all the shame he had suffered today!
在场所有人，他一个都不会放过！ Of all the people present, he will not let go of any of them!
撒尔曼哪能不清楚撒埃德父子心里在想什么，但他巴不得这一家三口做些什么，这样他才能把他们身后的势力全都拔出来一网打尽。
How could Salman not know what the Saeed father and son were thinking, but he wished that the family of three would do something, so that he could pull out all the forces behind them and wipe them out.
为此，他特意放松了明光公爵府的监视，任由他们夫妻暗中找人。
For this reason, he deliberately relaxed the surveillance of the Duke of Mingguang's Mansion and allowed their husband and wife to secretly find someone.
通过他们寻找的求助对象，他已经逐渐摸清到底是谁在后面搞鬼。
Through the people they are looking for, he has gradually figured out who is behind the ghost.
但他感觉到还差点什么，就凭这一家三口，就算有某些势力在背后支持他们，他们也不足以拿下整个银月帝国，最起码，他们想要扳倒他就不太可能。
But he felt that there was still something missing, just with this family of three, even if there were some forces behind them, they would not be enough to take down the entire Silver Moon Empire, at least, it was unlikely that they wanted to bring him down.
何况他还对外正式宣布了他的继承人只有撒坦雷木和雷叶。
What's more, he also officially announced that his heirs were only Satan Raymu and Thunder Leaf.
如果他出事，他的军队将领和侍卫头领只会去找撒坦，也只会承认撒坦。
If something happens to him, the generals of his army and the head of the guard will only go to Satan, and they will only recognize Satan.
所以撒埃德父子俩在没有掌握兵权、又失去继承权的情况下，要怎么才能拿下帝位，还要让军队将领以及众大臣都听话？
So how can Saeed, father and son, without mastering the military power and losing the right of inheritance, take the throne and make the army generals and ministers obedient?
难道那些势力会舍得派出大量兵力和超凡者来支援两父子？他们就不怕两败俱伤，最后让别人坐收渔翁之利？
Could it be that those forces would be willing to send a large number of troops and transcendents to support the two fathers and sons? Are they not afraid of losing both, and finally letting others reap the benefits of the fisherman?
撒尔曼想不通这点，他原本想要要通过拷问撒埃德父子俩来得到相关消息，但他又担心这对父子会搞鬼……撒奇尔显然不知道什么，他已经询问过了，撒埃德也许知道一些秘密，但这家伙很可能会误导他。
Salman couldn't figure this out, and he had hoped to get the news by interrogating Saeed's father and son, but he was worried that the father and son would be in trouble...... Thatchir obviously didn't know anything, he had already asked, Saeed might know some secrets, but this guy was likely to mislead him.
而背后操控撒埃德父子的势力也不可能想不到他会用魔法手段来拷问这对父子，很可能事先就对父子俩下了精神暗示，如此一来，他就算拷问撒埃德，得到的也极有可能是错误信息。
And the forces behind the control of Saed's father and son could not have imagined that he would use magic to torture the father and son, and it is likely that he gave a mental hint to the father and son in advance, so that even if he tortures Saed, it is very likely that what he gets is misinformation.
撒尔曼最终决定要留着这对父子俩引蛇出洞。 Salman finally decided to keep the father and son to lure the snake out of the hole.
在一个又一个无法反驳的罪证面前，撒埃德自知自己必死无疑，那一刻他真的绝望到极点。
In the face of one irrefutable incriminating evidence after another, Saeed knew that he was going to die, and at that moment he was really desperate.
他知道这里就在地宫上方，他多么希望那位能立刻跳出来拯救他。
He knew that this was above the dungeon, and how he wished that one would jump out and save him at once.
虽然他知道这在目前还是不可能的事。 Although he knew that it was still impossible at the moment.
按照那位的谋划，想要做到他们策划的事情，还需要至少五六年也许更长的时间。
According to his plan, it will take at least five or six years, maybe longer, to do what they planned.
撒埃德为了活命、为了那一点点希望，什么脸面都不要了，他承认了所有罪名，还把大多数罪名推到自己妻子的头上，说是他妻子贪恋权势、喜好奢华又生性残忍，才会教唆他和撒奇尔做下了这些事，而他早就后悔，却因为夫妻感情而放任。
Saeed didn't want any face for the sake of his life, for that little hope, he confessed all the charges, and put most of the charges on his wife's head, saying that his wife was greedy for power, lavish and cruel, so she instigated him and Thatcher to do these things, and he regretted it a long time ago, but let it go because of the relationship between husband and wife.
撒埃德又痛哭涕流地跟大帝哀求，说他和儿子都已经是废人，让他们活着才是最大的惩罚，求大帝不要杀死他们。
Saeed begged the Emperor with tears in his eyes, saying that he and his son were already wasted people, and that letting them live was the greatest punishment, and begged the Emperor not to kill them.
之后撒埃德甚至咬牙说出他还有另外的不为人知的财富，只要大帝肯放过他，给他活命，他就贡献出那笔藏在其他地方的秘密财富。
Later, Saeed even gritted his teeth and said that he had other hidden wealth, and that as long as the Emperor would spare him and give him life, he would contribute that secret wealth hidden elsewhere.
撒尔曼本来就不打算立刻处死这一家三口。 Salman had not intended to execute the family of three at once.
让他们现在就痛快死了，他才会不痛快。 Let them die happily now, and he will not be happy.
眼见撒埃德果然上钩，撒尔曼沉默良久，最终特别“宽宏大量”地只剥夺了父子俩的爵位和所有官职，没收他们的全部财产和封地，把他们的名字从皇家族谱上挪出，并永远不承认他们父子以及他们后代是皇室血脉。
Seeing that Saeed had indeed taken the bait, Salman was silent for a long time, and finally in the end, especially "magnanimously", he only stripped the father and son of their titles and all official positions, confiscated all their property and fiefs, removed their names from the royal family tree, and never recognized their father and son and their descendants as royal blood.
这个处置结果一出，所有大臣和贵族们都知道这一家彻底完蛋了，再也不可能翻身。
As soon as the result of this disposition came out, all the ministers and nobles knew that this family was completely finished, and it was impossible to turn over.
大帝最后又说考虑到皇室和贵族们的面子，决定单独辟一个地方，给这对父子容身。他在下鱼饵。
In the end, the emperor said that for the sake of the face of the royal family and nobles, he decided to set aside a separate place for the father and son. He's laying bait.
众大臣和贵族们无不盛赞大帝的大公无私和仁慈。 The ministers and nobles all praised the emperor's selflessness and benevolence.
撒埃德一听逃过死刑，差点软倒。但他没有，而是打起精神又恳求大帝，说他自知他们一家罪孽深重，也不用大帝特地辟一个地方关押他们，说他们愿意待在墓地侍奉先祖之灵，忏悔他们过往的罪行，并为帝国祈福。
When Saeed heard that he had escaped the death penalty, he almost went limp. But he didn't, but bled up and pleaded with the emperor, saying that he knew that their family was sinful, and that there was no need for the emperor to set aside a place to imprison them, saying that they were willing to stay in the cemetery to serve the spirits of the ancestors, repent of their past crimes, and pray for the blessing of the empire.
“这么说，你自愿成为守墓人？”大帝淡淡地问道。 "So, you volunteered to be a grave keeper?" The Emperor asked lightly.
大帝自从知道孙子撒坦变成了墓地守墓人，就一直在想要怎么解决这个问题。他也早想好了替代者，都是兄弟，凭什么雷木做得，撒奇尔就做不得？
Ever since the Emperor learned that his grandson Satan had become a gravekeeper of the cemetery, he had been thinking about how to solve this problem. He had already thought of a replacement, they were all brothers, why did Lei Mu do it, and Thatchir couldn't do it?
不过他要撒埃德父子俩亲口说出他们愿意，只有这样，地宫才能真正释放出撒坦。
However, he wanted Saeed and his son to say what they were willing to do, and only in this way could the dungeon truly release Satan.
而撒埃德也不出他所料，果然主动咬住了这个鱼饵。 And Saeed was not as surprised as he expected, and really took the initiative to bite the bait.
不过……大帝也在心中存了一份疑惑，他是有引诱的意思，但撒埃德为什么像是不假思索一般就选择了被圈禁在家族墓地中？
But...... The emperor also had a doubt in his heart, he meant to seduce, but why did Saeed choose to be confined in the family cemetery as if he didn't think about it?
撒埃德可不想被永远困在地宫中，他看看那个已经废掉的儿子，毫不犹豫地道：“我儿愿意成为守墓人，我和他母亲将和他一起待在墓地。”
Saeed didn't want to be trapped in the dungeon forever, he looked at the abandoned son, and said without hesitation: "My son is willing to be the grave keeper, and his mother and I will stay in the cemetery with him." ”
撒奇尔不可置信地看向自己的父亲。 Thatcher looked at his father in disbelief.
他以前可是听过他父亲跟他讲过守墓人到底是怎么回事，否则他也不会因为雷木成为守墓人就没有再去找他麻烦，直到雷木逃出墓地。
He had heard his father tell him about the grave keeper before, otherwise he wouldn't have bothered him again just because Raywood had become a grave keeper until Thunderwood escaped from the cemetery.
现在他的父亲竟然要让他去做守墓人？ And now his father wants him to be a grave keeper?
让他待在那个可怕的地宫中受永远折磨？就连死亡都无法逃脱？
Let him stay in that terrible dungeon and be tortured forever? Can't even escape death?
不！他不要！ No! He doesn't want it!
“你不做守墓人就会死！死后你一样会进入地宫，在那里你会遇到比死更可怕的折磨，更怎么都死不掉。”撒埃德表情狰狞地怒视儿子，在他耳边低声说道。
"If you don't be a grave keeper, you'll die! After death, you will also enter the underground palace, where you will encounter more terrible torture than death, and you will never die. Saeed glared at his son with a hideous expression and whispered in his ear.
“但如果你同意做守墓人，那么你还有活下来甚至恢复的机会，只要等到……大帝的仁慈。”至于是哪一位大帝就不必说明了。
撒奇尔心中一动，过热的脑袋总算稍微冷静下来，他终于想起了什么，虽然他不清楚父亲的某些计划，但他知道他父亲似乎在地宫中有些布置，还和地宫的某位亡灵一直有往来，暗中送了不少东西进入地宫。
Thatcher's heart moved, his overheated head finally calmed down a little, he finally remembered something, although he didn't know some of his father's plans, but he knew that his father seemed to have some arrangements in the dungeon, and he had been in contact with a certain undead in the dungeon, and secretly sent a lot of things into the dungeon.
也许他成为守墓人不会那么糟糕？至少他还能继续活着。
Maybe it wouldn't be so bad for him to be a grave keeper? At least he could live on.
撒奇尔动摇了，哪怕变成这样，他也不想死，他才十五岁，他可不想让那个原本被他踩在脚底下的“兄长”成为下一代大帝，而他的灵魂却永远被困在地宫中受折磨。
Thatchir was shaken, even if it became like this, he didn't want to die, he was only fifteen years old, he didn't want the "elder brother" who was originally trampled under his feet to become the next generation of emperors, and his soul was forever trapped in the underground palace and tortured.
对了，他还有那尊雕像。
他母亲让他从小就放在房间中的雕像，只要他许愿，而愿望不是很夸张的话，给出祭品，那雕像就一定会实现他的愿望。
His mother had made him a statue in his room since he was a child, and if he made a wish, and if the wish was not exaggerated, he would be given an offering, and the statue would surely fulfill his wish.
他母亲说过，那雕像是她家乡一位神灵的雕像，这位神灵会保护他，他母亲还偷偷跟他说过，那神灵的本体就在地宫。
His mother had told him that the statue was a statue of a god from her hometown who would protect him, and his mother had secretly told him that the god's body was in the dungeon.
他进入地宫，那雕像肯定也会保护他。 When he enters the dungeon, the statue will surely protect him.
对了，他母亲还跟他说过，如果有一天他身边没有雕像在，他只要呼唤对方的名字，再刻一个雕像，并滴上自己的鲜血，就能重新和那位神灵产生联系。
By the way, his mother had told him that if one day he didn't have a statue by his side, he would reconnect with the god by calling the other person's name, carving another statue, and dripping his own blood.
撒奇尔决定等会儿回去就刻一个雕像出来，至于他房间里的那个，他就不奢想了。
Thatcher decided to carve a statue when he got back later, and as for the one in his room, he didn't have any extravagance.
等他刻好雕像，他第一个愿望就是要把雷木的生命力都转移到自己身上，他知道一旦他成为新守墓人，雷木就会被解放，他可不想让雷木就此逃脱。为此他可以献出自己父亲的生命，反正他父亲已经放弃他了，否则他父亲为什么不自己做守墓人？
After he carved the statue, his first wish was to transfer all the vitality of Thunderwood to himself, he knew that once he became the new grave keeper, Thunderwood would be liberated, and he didn't want Thunderwood to escape. For this he can give his father's life, anyway, his father has already given up on him, otherwise why wouldn't his father be the grave keeper himself?
撒奇尔在心中冷笑。 Thatcher sneered inwardly.
“我同意，我愿意成为守墓人。”撒奇尔颤抖地说道。 "I agree, I'm willing to be a grave keeper." Thatchir said tremblingly.
大帝脸上终于露出了今天第一个真正的微笑。 The Emperor finally had the first real smile of the day.
“好，现在我就让人领你去地宫入口，在那里签下守墓人契约。”
"Okay, now I'll have someone lead you to the entrance of the dungeon and sign the grave keeper contract there."
这时王叶还不知道他不再需要毁掉地宫和祭坛，他还在为这个目标奋斗。
At this time, Wang Ye didn't know that he no longer needed to destroy the dungeon and altar, and he was still fighting for this goal.
而第一个被他奋斗掉的就是那个古怪的雕像。 And the first thing he struggled to fall was the strange statue.
雕像想要吸收外界能量来填充自己，也想使用自己的力量去影响王叶乃至其他生命，包括亡灵。
The statue wants to absorb external energy to fill itself, and it also wants to use its power to affect Wang Ye and other beings, including the undead.
但那个人类小崽子不知做了什么手脚，它竟然被隔绝了，它再也吸收不到半点能量，更无法把自己的力量传输出去。
But the little human cub didn't know what to do, it was cut off, it could no longer absorb any energy, and it couldn't transmit its own power.
而这并不是结束。 And that's not the end.
【象齿焚身】，可以燃烧灵魂的火焰从天而降。 [Ivory Burning], a flame that can burn the soul falls from the sky.
【报应不爽】，能消灭一切阴秽的雷电紧跟而来。 [Retribution is unpleasant], and the thunder and lightning that can destroy all filth follow.
接着就是【源清流净】，净化一切邪恶！ Then there is the [Source of Clear Streaming], purifying all evil!
王叶手握从祭台上抠下来的魔晶，不计成本地连番施展这三个技能，对着祭台中心的雕像进行精准打击。
Wang Ye held the magic crystal that was pulled from the altar in his hand, and used these three skills in succession regardless of the cost, striking at the statue in the center of the altar with precision.
雕像无处可躲，它的能力都在精神操控上，本体可没有什么特殊本领。
The statue has nowhere to hide, its abilities are all in mental manipulation, and the body has no special skills.
王叶打得特别畅快，这根本就是站桩输出，都不用考虑敌人躲避和自己闪躲的问题，而且这个敌人还不会反击。
Wang Ye fought very happily, this is simply a stake output, and he doesn't have to think about the problem of the enemy dodging and dodging himself, and this enemy will not fight back.
大黑：“……”幸好它没对这小崽崽动手，否则现在被净化的大概就是它了。
Big Black: "......" Fortunately, it didn't do anything to the little cub, otherwise it would have been purified by now.
小光得意地咿咿叫，这就是她老板，厉害吧？ Xiaoguang babbled proudly, this is her boss, amazing, right?
所以别怪她不肯叛变，实在是叛变的代价太大了。再说，她和王叶是灵魂绑定的从属契约，王叶死亡，她和她的子民也活不了。她傻了才会去造自己的反。
So don't blame her for refusing to rebel, it's really too costly. Besides, she and Wang Ye are a subordinate contract bound to the soul, and if Wang Ye dies, she and her people will not survive. She would be stupid to rebel against herself.
而且王小叶虽然在某些方面比较斤斤计较又小气，但作为主人……还算是不错的啦。她就算跟着虫王和虫母，也不可能混得比现在还好，不，应该说，如果她还是跟着虫王，她现在就还是一只可怜的灰小虫，虫族最底层。
And although Wang Xiaoye is more calculating and stingy in some aspects, as the master, he ...... It's not bad. Even if she follows the Worm King and the Worm Mother, it is impossible to mix better than now, no, it should be said that if she still follows the Worm King, she is still a poor gray worm now, the lowest level of the Zerg.
争取自由，自己单飞？ Fight for freedom and fly solo on your own?
自己创业是不错啦，但有人养也没什么不好。好歹他们有免费的房子住，还可以随时随地吃主人的喝主人的，受伤了还有人帮助治疗，不能动了，也有人养老。心情不爽，还能骂骂王叶，和他吵吵架什么的。
It's good to start your own business, but there's nothing wrong with having someone to raise. Fortunately, they have a free house to live in, and they can eat and drink the master's food anytime and anywhere, and there are people who help treat them when they are injured, and they can't move, and there are also people who care for the elderly. If you are not in a good mood, you can still scold Wang Ye, quarrel with him or something.
小光早就算过账，她发现跟王叶契约，对她和她的子民来说是件非常划算的事，所以她已经打定主意要赖王叶一辈子。就算王叶将来不想和她契约了，她也会待在虫巢不走，王叶必须给她养老！
Xiaoguang had already settled the account, and she found that the contract with Wang Ye was a very cost-effective thing for her and her people, so she had already made up her mind to rely on Wang Ye for the rest of her life. Even if Wang Ye doesn't want to contract with her in the future, she will stay in the hive and not leave, and Wang Ye must provide for her in old age!
“小光，你之前说觉得那雕像闻起来很美味？”王叶看那雕像的能量已经给他消耗得差不多，抽空问道。
"Xiaoguang, you said you thought the statue smelled delicious?" Wang Ye saw that the energy of the statue had been almost consumed by him, and took the time to ask.
小光：“咿咿！” Xiaoguang: "Babble! ”
“那你现在可以过去了，试试看对方还有没有能力蛊惑你，如果没有，你可以试着尝尝味道。”
"Then you can go over now, try to see if the other party still has the ability to bewitch you, if not, you can try to taste it."
“咿！”小光扇动金光闪闪的翅膀，就飞上了祭台。 "Bah!" Xiaoguang flapped his golden wings and flew onto the altar.
现在这个古怪雕像对她再也没有威胁力啦，瞧那一副被狠狠蹂躏过的凄惨模样，身上都开了好几道裂痕，惨，真惨~
Now this strange statue is no longer a threat to her, look at the miserable appearance that has been ravaged severely, there are several cracks on her body, miserable, really miserable~
觉得雕像实惨的小光呼唤出了一大堆手下：“咿！小的们，开吃！”
Xiaoguang, who felt that the statue was really miserable, called out a large number of subordinates: "Bah! Eat, little ones! ”
漫天的浮游光虫们扑向了那个无处可逃的雕像。 The floating light insects in the sky pounced on the statue that had nowhere to escape.
咔嚓咔嚓，扑簌簌，约有半米高的雕像轮廓越来越模糊，也越来越矮小。
The silhouette of the statue, which is about half a meter high, is becoming more and more blurred and shorter.
雕像：……我就这么死了？我还没有开始我的伟业，我的好多计划还没有展开，我的名还没有真正让天下人知晓，我也还没有成为真正的神灵……
Statue:...... I'm just dead? I have not yet begun my great deeds, many of my plans have not yet begun, my name has not yet been truly known to the world, and I have not yet become a true god......
为什么这个人类小崽子的力量会正好克制他？ Why would the strength of this little human cub just restrain him?
为什么？这是谁的阴谋吗？ Why? Is this a conspiracy of whom?
不甘心！好不甘心！ Unwilling! I'm so unwilling!
我还会复活的，只要有人呼唤我的名，只要有人还需要我的力量……
I will be resurrected if anyone calls on my name, if anyone still needs my strength......
就是它需要重新积蓄力量了，它好恨！ It's just that it needs to regain its strength, and it hates it!
再怎么不甘心、再怎么痛恨，雕像还是变成了碎石，最后更是被浮游光虫们吞吃得一干二净，连粒渣都没留下，包括精神力也消失得干干净净。
No matter how unwilling and hateful he was, the statue still turned into rubble, and in the end, it was devoured by the planktonic light insects, leaving no slag behind, including spiritual power.
对比之前的亡灵，浮游光虫们表示：这个雕像好吃多了，口味很特殊。
Compared with the previous undead, the planktonic light insects said: This statue is much more delicious and has a special taste.
小光打了个饱嗝，她隐隐感觉到什么。 Xiaoguang burped, and she faintly felt something.
“咿~附近好像有类似的力量，我们一起找来吃掉吧！”小光觉得自己的实力似乎又升了一级，这个雕像真的太补了，她还想多来点。
"Bmm~ There seems to be a similar power nearby, let's find it and eat it together!" Xiaoguang felt that her strength seemed to have risen to another level, this statue was really too much to replenish, and she wanted to have more.
王叶只觉得消耗的能量蹭蹭补充上来，小光是他的契约虫，小光吃撑，就会把能量向他转移。而这次，小光显然吃得太多了。
Wang Ye only felt that the energy consumed was replenished, Xiaoguang was his contract worm, and Xiaoguang would transfer the energy to him if he ate it. And this time, Xiaoguang obviously ate too much.
王叶也没办法消耗这么多能量，只好转入虫巢积存起来。他受游戏限制，能量再多，游戏等级不能提升，他的实力就也不能提升。
Wang Ye couldn't consume so much energy, so he had to transfer to the insect hive and accumulate it. He is limited by the game, no matter how much energy he has, if the game level cannot be improved, his strength cannot be improved.
王叶再瞅瞅跟喝醉了一样的小光，心里不禁有些担心：小光和她的虫群这么荤腥不忌啥都吃，要是吃出什么毛病怎么办？
Wang Ye looked at Xiao Guang, who was drunk again, and couldn't help but be a little worried: Xiao Guang and her insect swarm are so meaty and don't want to eat anything, what if something goes wrong with eating?
小光咻地飞到王叶头顶，对着他头发一通乱抓：“咿咿咿，你才会吃出毛病！我们健康得很！”
Xiaoguang flew to the top of Wang Ye's head and scratched at his hair: "Babble, you will have a problem eating!" We are in good health! ”
“行吧，你自己心中有数就行。你说的类似力量，我们等会儿去找，我先把这个祭坛毁掉再说。”王叶把醉能量的小光和虫群暂时收回虫巢。
"Okay, you just have to know it yourself. We'll find a similar power later, and I'll destroy this altar first. Wang Ye temporarily withdrew the small light and insect swarm that were drunk with energy into the insect hive.
“汪！”大黑摇摇尾巴，蹭了过来。美丽虫呢？ "Wang!" Big Black wagged his tail and rubbed over. What about beautiful bugs?
王叶斜睨大黑：“你想对我们家小光干什么？” Wang Ye squinted at the big black: "What do you want to do to our family Xiaoguang?" ”
大黑：“汪！”不干什么啊，就是看它好看。 Big Black: "Wang! "Don't do anything, just look good.
王叶揉揉大狗脑袋，笑骂：“色狗。” Wang Ye rubbed the big dog's head and scolded with a smile: "Lustful dog." ”
大黑：“汪？” Big Black: "Wang? ”
王叶把大黑推到一边，继续去拆除祭台了，这个祭台用的好东西不少，可不能浪费。
Wang Ye pushed Da Hei aside and continued to dismantle the altar, this altar used a lot of good things, but it couldn't be wasted.
祭台本身只是一个建筑物，只要知道魔法阵原理，拆除起来就不是难事。
The altar itself is just a building, as long as you know the principle of the magic array, it is not difficult to dismantle.
换了别人，也许拿这个祭台没办法，可能就是用炸药炸，也不一定能把这个祭台炸坏，但谁让王叶正好精通魔法阵呢。
If you change someone else, maybe you can't do anything with this altar, maybe you just use explosives to blow it up, and you may not be able to blow up this altar, but who made Wang Ye happen to be proficient in the magic array.
感谢闻笛师父！ Thank you, Master Wendi!
王叶笑嘻嘻地头顶龙头骨花盆……他也不嫌重，围着祭台东拆西拆，不到一会儿，祭台就变得坑坑洼洼。
Wang Ye grinned and put the dragon skull flower pot on his head...... He was not too heavy, and dismantled around the altar, and in a few moments, the altar became pitted.
防守魔法阵已经不起作用。 Defending the magic circle no longer works.
王叶这才开始拆除祭台上的七根柱子和主魔法阵，这是召唤魔法阵，专门用来召唤魔族的。
Only then did Wang Ye begin to dismantle the seven pillars on the altar and the main magic array, which was a summoning magic array, specially used to summon demons.
等把召唤魔法阵也拆除干净，剩下的就更简单了，王叶直接把已经没有任何魔法效果的祭台转移进了虫巢中。
After the summoning magic array was also dismantled, the rest was even simpler, and Wang Ye directly transferred the altar that no longer had any magic effect into the worm nest.
这个祭台修补修补完全可以在湖边做个小亭子，就凭这材料就很有看头。
This altar can be repaired to make a small pavilion by the lake, and this material alone is very attractive.
王叶看看地面一个大洞，拍拍手，特别满意自己今天干活的效率。
Wang Ye looked at a big hole in the ground, clapped his hands, and was particularly satisfied with the efficiency of his work today.
接下来就是拆毁地宫了，不急，等他先填饱肚子…… The next thing is to demolish the dungeon, don't worry, wait for him to fill his stomach first......
“叶子，我的守墓人契约解除了，我自由了。”雷木忽然传音给他。
"Yezi, my grave keeper contract is terminated, and I'm free." Reimu suddenly sent a message to him.
王叶呆：“哎？这么快？不用拆地宫了？” Wang Yedu: "Hey? So fast? No need to demolish the dungeon? ”
第315章 留着地宫钓鱼 Chapter 315: Stay in the dungeon to fish
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王帮助守墓人雷木找寻回自己的童年和少年时期记忆，并帮助其进入真正的觉醒阶段。任务完成，特此奖励十万点经验值。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, Xiao Wang, for helping the grave keeper Lei Mu find his childhood and teenage memories and help him enter the true awakening stage.] Upon completion of the mission, 100,000 XP points will be awarded. 】
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王主动帮助守墓人雷木解除守墓人身份，让其获得真正的自由。特此奖励经验值十万点。】
[Congratulations to the player, Xiao Wang next door for taking the initiative to help the grave keeper Lei Mu remove his identity as the grave keeper and let him gain real freedom.] Experience points are hereby awarded to 100,000 points. 】
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王主动消灭邪神巴勒主雕像之一，削弱其部分力量。特此奖励经验值一万点。】
[Congratulations to the player next door Xiao Wang for taking the initiative to destroy one of the main statues of the evil god Bale, weakening part of its power.] Experience worth 10,000 points is hereby awarded. 】
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到10239399点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到八十七级。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, after deducting the experience points that have been used, the player's experience points have accumulated to 10239399 points, and the game level has been upgraded to level 87 if the upgrade conditions are met.] 】
【任务发布！因玩家隔壁小王消灭邪神巴勒雕像之一，与邪神巴勒结下仇怨，此仇怨无法消解，只能一方彻底消亡才能结束。邪神巴勒因获得大量邪恶的愿力，已经具有具体意识，如果让其脱离雕像，成为灵体，其必将成为祸害双月星的大恶，现请隔壁小王彻底消灭巴勒的主体意识和最大的主雕像。根据任务完成度，奖励十万点到一百万点经验值。请问隔壁小王是否愿意接受这个任务？】
【Mission Released!】 Because the player's next door Xiao Wang destroyed one of the statues of the evil god Bale, and formed a grudge with the evil god Bale, this grudge cannot be resolved, and can only be ended by the complete extinction of one party. The evil god Balak has obtained a large amount of evil wishes, and already has a specific consciousness, if it is allowed to break away from the statue and become a spirit body, it will definitely become a great evil that will plague the twin moon stars, and now I ask the little king next door to completely destroy Bale's main consciousness and the largest main statue. Depending on the completion of the mission, 100,000 to 1,000,000 XP will be awarded. Is Xiao Wang next door willing to accept this task? 】
忽然，系统连续甩出了五道讯息。 Suddenly, the system threw out five messages in a row.
虽说完成任务很高兴，但是王叶为什么有种自己就是一个工具人的错觉？
Although he was happy to complete the task, why did Wang Ye have the illusion that he was a tool man?
他帮助雷木也就算了，做围绕雷木和几位师父的相关任务，他也心甘情愿，可为什么还要他消灭邪神？
Even if he helped Lei Mu, he was willing to do the related tasks around Lei Mu and several masters, but why did he need to destroy the evil god?
他能不接受这个任务吗？ Could he not accept the task?
可王叶思之再三，他缺少经验值啊。 But Wang Ye Sizhi repeatedly, he lacked experience points.
而且这个任务不能完成也没有惩罚，又没有任务期限，也许哪天做别的任务时顺手就完成了呢？
And there is no punishment for not being able to complete this task, and there is no deadline for the task, so maybe one day when you do other tasks, you can easily complete it?
“……接受。” “…… Accept. ”
“接受什么？哟，你们速度可真快，这祭台竟然已经消失了？那个邪神雕像你们也解决了？不错不错。”撒老祖身影在王叶身边冒出。
"Accept what? Yo, you're so fast, this altar is gone? You've also solved that evil god statue? Not bad. The figure of Sa Lao Ancestor appeared beside Wang Ye.
“我接受度很强，魔族也能做朋友。”王叶含糊道。 "I'm very receptive, and demons can be friends." Wang Ye said vaguely.
撒老祖哈哈笑，只当王叶在说笑。 Sa Lao Zu laughed, only as Wang Ye was joking.
“这个邪神雕像很麻烦，我们的力量无法解决它，它却能蛊惑亡灵，虽然它不能影响我和你们祖奶奶，但我们也无法干掉它，只能让它留下了。你之前做的那些魔食，里面含有某种很特别的能量，我当时就预感你能解决这个雕像，果然给我猜对了。”撒老祖得意道。
"This evil god statue is troublesome, our power can't solve it, but it can bewitch the undead, although it can't affect me and your grandmother, we can't kill it, we can only let it stay. The magic food you made before contained some kind of very special energy, and I had a hunch that you could solve this statue, and I guessed it right. Sa Lao Zu said proudly.
“您知道这个邪神雕像是谁放进来的吗？”王叶问。 "Do you know who put this evil god statue in?" Wang Ye asked.
撒老祖抬头像是在回忆：“大约是两百多年前突然出现的，应该是上一代国王亲手放置。这个祭坛也只有历代国王才能进来。”
Sa Lao Zu raised his head as if to recall: "It suddenly appeared about two hundred years ago, and it should have been placed by the previous king. This altar was also only accessible to kings of the past. ”
“上一代国王？撒尔曼大帝的父亲？”王叶皱眉。 "The king of the previous generation? Sahrmann the Great's father? Wang Ye frowned.
“具体你可以找他问问。当时我以为他是为了对抗魔族的力量，才会在这里放一个古怪雕像，一开始这个雕像很普通，没有任何特殊力量，我们才会放任。后来这个雕像一天比一天变得邪恶，当我们想去除它时，已经无法彻底毁掉它。”撒老祖摇摇头。
"You can ask him for details. At that time, I thought that he would put a strange statue here in order to fight against the power of the demons, and at first this statue was very ordinary, without any special powers, so we would let it go. Later the statue became more and more evil day by day, and when we wanted to remove it, it was no longer possible to completely destroy it. Sazu shook his head.
象夫人慢了一步，这位祖奶奶的脸色不太好。 Madame Elephant was a step slower, and the grandmother's face was not very good.
大黑立刻走到象夫人身边，尾巴扫扫她的腿，似乎在安慰她。
Dahei immediately walked up to Madame Elephant and swept her legs with his tail, as if to comfort her.
象夫人摸摸大黑的脑袋，看向王叶手中那奇异的花盆。 Madame Xiang touched Da Hei's head and looked at the strange flower pot in Wang Ye's hand.
呵！那是什么鬼花盆？ Scold! What the hell is that?
竟然是龙头骨？那头龙竟然愿意？ It turned out to be a dragon skull? The dragon was willing?
好吧，换了她，她也愿意把自己的头骨拿来给这棵富含生命之力的小芽芽当花盆。
Well, in her place, she is also willing to use her skull as a flower pot for this little bud full of life force.
象夫人的表情软了，看着小芽芽的眼神充满慈爱。 Mrs. Elephant's expression softened, and her eyes were full of love as she looked at Xiao Yaya.
撒老祖左右看看，问：“雷木呢？” Sa Lao Zu looked left and right and asked, "Where is Lei Mu?" ”
王叶抱紧花盆，没有立刻交代雷木的身份，而是询问：“难道破坏祭坛就可以解除雷木的守墓人身份？”
Wang Ye hugged the flower pot tightly, and did not immediately explain Lei Mu's identity, but asked: "Could it be that destroying the altar can remove Lei Mu's identity as a tomb keeper?" ”
象夫人眯了眯眼，再看王叶那么紧张花盆的样子，心中有了一些猜测，这让她看向小芽芽的眼神越发慈和温暖。
Mrs. Xiang squinted, and then looked at Wang Ye's nervous appearance of the flower pot, and had some guesses in her heart, which made her look at Xiao Yaya's eyes more and more kind and warm.
撒老祖笑：“当然不是。撒尔曼，你们那个大帝爷爷给雷木找了个替代者，对方刚刚签署了守墓人契约，还是心甘情愿的，地宫接受到，再加上地宫大概感觉到已经无法控制雷木，就迫不及待地把雷木这个前任给踹了。”
Sa Lao Zu smiled: "Of course not. Salman, your grandfather of the Great Emperor found a replacement for Lei Mu, the other party just signed the tomb keeper contract, or willingly, the underground palace accepted it, plus the underground palace probably felt that it was no longer able to control Lei Mu, so he couldn't wait to kick Lei Mu, the predecessor. ”
撒老祖的精明程度不亚于象夫人，他在感觉到地宫中有庞大的生之力出现时，就猜测到这股生命之力不是跟王叶有关，就是跟雷木有关。
Sa Lao Zu's shrewdness was no less than that of Madam Xiang, and when he felt that a huge life force appeared in the underground palace, he guessed that this life force was either related to Wang Ye or Lei Mu.
而此时王叶好端端地站在这里，雷木却失踪不在，而王叶怀里还那么宝贝地抱着一个刚冒出嫩芽的龙头骨花盆，那嫩芽还不断传出那么旺盛和庞大的生机，他要是猜不出那嫩芽和雷木的关系，他就不是撒大胆而是撒大傻了。
And at this time, Wang Ye was standing here dignifiedly, Lei Mu was missing, and Wang Ye was still holding a dragon head bone flower pot that had just emerged in his arms, and the young shoots continued to spread so vigorous and huge vitality, if he couldn't guess the relationship between the young shoots and Lei Mu, he would not be bold but stupid.
不过孙子从人类变成魔种，又从魔种变成一棵小嫩芽，而且这个孙子还有木精灵血脉……嗯，只能说不愧是他们撒家的子孙，这个血脉变化真的太有牌面了！
However, the grandson has changed from a human to a demon seed, and from a demon seed to a small shoot, and this grandson still has the blood of a wood elf...... Well, it can only be said that they are worthy of being the descendants of their family, and this bloodline change is really too good!
王叶笑，他也觉得地宫就要控制不住雷木，就算他们不拆了地宫，等雷木觉醒结束，这座地宫也无法再留下雷木。
Wang Ye smiled, he also felt that the dungeon would not be able to control Lei Mu, even if they didn't demolish the dungeon, when Lei Mu's awakening was over, this dungeon would no longer be able to leave Lei Mu.
浑身都是生之力的生命之树作为守墓人待在地宫里？ The tree of life, which is full of vitality, stays in the underground palace as a grave keeper?
这跟把超强地暖装在冰库里有什么区别？何必彼此互相折磨？
What's the difference between this and putting super heated underfloor heating in the freezer? Why torture each other?
而且地宫显然干不过能把死亡之力转化为生命之力的雷木。
And the dungeon obviously can't do anything about Lei Mu, who can transform the power of death into the power of life.
王叶甚至能想象得到，当新守墓人出现，地宫那松了口气的模样——终于可以把瘟神送走了！
Wang Ye could even imagine the relieved appearance of the dungeon when the new tomb keeper appeared—he could finally send the plague god away!
王叶惊讶的是：“大帝也来了？” Wang Ye was surprised: "The Great Emperor is also here?" ”
“他带了一群人在上面搞祭祀大典，我看主要是处理撒缺德父子……嗐，我怎么被你影响了，现在我都想不起来他叫什么名字了。”撒老祖开玩笑道。
"He brought a group of people to hold a sacrificial ceremony on it, and I think it was mainly to deal with the father and son...... Hey, how did I get influenced by you, now I can't even remember his name. Sa Lao Zu joked.
他怎么可能记不住那对父子的名字，只是那对父子着实让他恶心，他不想记住他们的名字。
How could he not remember the names of the father and son, but the father and son really disgusted him, and he didn't want to remember their names.
在撒尔曼宣布那对父子的罪名、审判他们之前，撒老祖和象夫人就溜进祭祀宫殿看这些撒家后代的表现。
Before Salman pronounced the guilt of the father and son and tried them, Sa's ancestor and Mrs. Elephant slipped into the sacrificial palace to see the performance of the descendants of the Sa's family.
这些撒家血脉哪里知道真有墓地老祖暗中盯着他们，而宫殿群那么大，很多人在自己的住处那是相当放浪形骸，丝毫没把祭祀放在眼里。
How did these Sajia bloodlines know that there were really cemetery ancestors secretly staring at them, and the palace complex was so big, many people were quite dissolute in their own residences, and they didn't pay attention to the sacrifice at all.
撒埃德父子俩背着人说的话、做的事，两位老祖都看在了眼里，原本就没有抱有期待，也谈不上失望，只是感叹幸好银月帝国不用交到这对父子手上，否则他们死了也能再气死一遍。
The two ancestors saw what Saeed and his son said and did behind people's backs, and they didn't have expectations, nor did they talk about disappointment, but they just sighed that fortunately, the Silver Moon Empire didn't have to be handed over to the father and son, otherwise they would be angry again if they died.
至于其他撒家后代，也有几个一看就提不上墙的，剩下的也只能说不功不过，没有什么特别亮眼的人物。
As for the other descendants of the Sajia family, there are also a few who can't be mentioned on the wall at first glance, and the rest can only be said to be ineffective, and there are no particularly eye-catching characters.
之后撒埃德父子被宣判，被关回牢房中。 After that, Saeed and his son were sentenced and put back in their cells.
撒奇尔也被带去地宫签署了正式的守墓人契约，这份契约可比雷木当初签署的正式多了。
Thatchir was also taken to the dungeon to sign a formal grave keeper's contract, which was much more formal than the one Remu had signed in the first place.
等撒奇尔被带回牢房，象夫人突然想去看看这对父子是否会有争执，争执时会不会说出些什么，两人就又跑过去偷看了。
When Thatcher was taken back to the cell, Madame Elephant suddenly wanted to see if the father and son would have an argument and if they would say something during the argument, so the two ran over to take a peek.
然后他们发现撒尔曼也派了人在暗中监视和监听这对父子的对话。
They then discover that Salman has also sent someone to spy on and listen to the father-son's conversations.
可撒埃德还有些脑子，在发现撒尔曼把他们父子关到相连的牢房中，还能彼此看见后，就呵斥儿子不要乱说话。
But Saeed still had some brains, and after discovering that Salman had put their father and son in a contiguous cell and could still see each other, he scolded his son not to talk nonsense.
撒奇尔表面乖巧答应，等到撒埃德背过身去，这孩子看向自己父亲的目光都淬了毒。
Thatchir agreed obediently, and when Saeed turned his back, the child's gaze at his father was quenched.
撒埃德正在想事情，压根就没注意到儿子的目光。 Saeed was thinking about things, and he didn't even notice his son's gaze.
在他看来，他让儿子代替他做守墓人，完全是为对方好，既保住了他的命，也让他不用像其他撒家亡灵一样死后受到地宫折磨。等到将来他有重新崛起的机会，他会帮助儿子解脱守墓人身份，再找一个替死鬼。
In his opinion, he asked his son to be the grave keeper instead of him, which was completely for the good of the other party, which not only saved his life, but also saved him from being tortured by the underground palace after death like other Sajia undead. When he has a chance to rise again in the future, he will help his son free himself from the status of a grave keeper and find a substitute for the dead.
而他，他当然不能当守墓人被困在地宫，他还有很多事要做，这些撒奇尔并不能代替他。
And he, of course, he can't be trapped in the underground palace as a tomb keeper, he still has a lot to do, and these Thatcher can't replace him.
撒埃德原本并不想把帝位交给他那个已经变成亡灵的父亲。
Saeed didn't want to give the throne to his father, who had become an undead.
之前他也没怎么真心想要帮助撒菲力复活，他压根就不相信一个死人能复活。
He didn't really want to help Saphiri resurrect before, and he didn't believe that a dead man could be resurrected at all.
但现在他已经没有指望，只能指望这个亡灵父亲真的能复活，如果撒菲力能从死人变成活人，想必帮他恢复某个重要部件也不是什么问题。
But now he had no hope that the undead father would actually be resurrected, and if Saphiri could go from the dead to the living, it would not be a problem to help him restore some important part.
而只要撒菲力的计划能成功，其能坐上帝位，不管撒菲力将来还有没有其他孩子，他撒埃德最起码也会有一个公爵的爵位吧？
And as long as Saphiri's plan can succeed and he can sit on the throne of God, no matter whether Saphiri has other children in the future, he Saeed will at least have the title of duke, right?
如果他能有更多时间谋划，说不定下下一代的帝位也不是不可以奢想。
If he had more time to plan, maybe the next generation of emperors would not be unthinkable.
撒奇尔这个儿子废了也就废了，只要他那个部件能长好，他以后肯定还能有其他儿子，他可以找个健康女人生一个更健康、更出色，说不定还是真正天才的儿子。
Thatcher's son is useless, as long as his part can grow well, he will definitely have other sons in the future, he can find a healthy woman to have a healthier, better, maybe still a real genius son.
撒埃德已经开始畅想等被关入墓地后，要怎么利用儿子的守墓人身份来联系他的亡灵父亲，以及怎么通过这个亡灵父亲重新获得力量、和外面联系等等。
Saeed has already begun to imagine how he will use his son's status as a grave keeper to contact his undead father after he is imprisoned in the cemetery, and how he will regain his power and communicate with the outside world through this undead father.
撒奇尔见父亲撒埃德看都不看自己，内心越发感到寒冷和绝望。
他可是公爵之子，帝王的继承人，他曾经被多少人仰望，所有人都要巴结他，他过着人上人的生活，可现在他却落到如此田地！
He is the son of the duke, the heir of the emperor, he was looked up to by many people, everyone wanted to scold him, he lived a life of a human being, but now he has fallen into such a field!
如果他是大帝的亲孙子、如果他的母亲是月琴公主该有多好，那么他曾经做的那些又算得了什么，大帝绝不会因此责怪他。而撒坦现在获得的一切就都是他的！
本来他有机会的，都是撒坦！全都是因为多出了这个魔种！
这个魔种就不应该降世，如果没有他，大帝就只有一个后代，也只能选择他，他再怎么样也不可能变成这种连最卑贱的奴隶都不如的模样，最后还要求着去当他以前那么恐惧和不屑的守墓人来获得活命的机会。
撒奇尔心中恨到了极点，更不甘到了极点。 Thatcher hated it to the extreme, and he was even more unwilling to do it.
他在自己的囚牢里，一边低声呼唤某个邪神的名字，一边用指甲在墙壁上刻画一个古怪的图案——他跟看守讨要木头和刻刀，被拒绝。
In his own cell, he whispered the name of an evil god while carving a strange pattern on the wall with his fingernails - he begged the guards for wood and a carving knife, which he refused.
象夫人和撒老祖听到撒奇尔呼唤邪神的名字时，脸色就变得极为寒冷。
When Madame Elephant and Sa's ancestors heard Thatchir call the name of the evil god, their faces turned extremely cold.
等那看起来像是某种扭曲的古怪笑脸的图案刻好，撒奇尔咬咬牙狠心咬破自己的手指——这简直太疼了，让他眼泪都流了出来。
When the pattern of what looked like some kind of distorted and strange smiling face was engraved, Thatcher gritted his teeth and bit his finger fiercely—it hurt so much that he burst into tears.
他把血挤出来，涂抹在笑脸图案上，同时祈愿： He squeezed out the blood and smeared it on the smiley face pattern while praying:
“伟大的巴勒大神啊，请听我的祈求。您的信徒撒奇尔愿意把自己父亲撒埃德的生命献祭给您，只求您能把撒尔曼大帝子孙撒坦的所有生命力都转移到您的信徒撒奇尔身上。伟大的巴勒大神啊……”
"O great Balak, hear my supplication. Your disciple Thatchir is willing to sacrifice the life of his father Saeed to you, so that you can transfer all the life force of Satan, the son of Sahrman the Great, to your disciple Thatcher. O great god Balak......"
象夫人忍无可忍，一巴掌把撒奇尔拍死了。 Madame Elephant couldn't bear it anymore and slapped Thatchir to death.
撒奇尔脑袋砸在墙壁上，脑浆崩裂，看起来就像是自己撞墙而死。
Thatcher's head smashed against the wall, his brain shattered, and it looked like he had hit the wall and died.
牢房看守发现撒奇尔自杀，连忙大喊。 The cell guards found out that Thatchir had committed suicide and hurriedly shouted.
撒埃德不可置信地转过身。他儿子撞墙自杀？这怎么可能？
Saeed turned around in disbelief. His son committed suicide by hitting a wall? How is this possible?
可是他儿子确实死了，就死在他隔壁，而且期间没有任何人进出他们的牢房。
But his son did die, right next to him, and no one came in or out of their cell during this time.
所有人都认定撒奇尔是撞墙自杀。 Everyone believed that Thatchir had committed suicide by hitting the wall.
撒奇尔死后，迷糊了一阵子，当他再次有了清醒意识，他已经待在地宫中。
After Thatcher's death, he was in a daze for a while, and when he came to consciousness again, he was already in the dungeon.
他签署了守墓人契约，哪怕死亡，他也无法脱离这个身份。
He signed the grave keeper contract, and even if he died, he would not be able to get out of this identity.
“新家伙来了，我们又有玩具了。”桀桀的阴笑声响起，黑暗中有什么在向他接近。
"The new guy is here, and we have toys again." A sinister laugh rang out, and something was approaching him in the darkness.
“哦，看我看到了什么，守墓人标记，这家伙竟然是新的守墓人。”
"Oh, look at what I saw, Gravekeeper mark, this guy turned out to be the new Gravekeeper."
“守墓人？不是原来那个魔族？” "Grave keeper? Not the original demon? ”
“不是，这就是一个弱小的亡灵，我没有感觉到他有半点力量。”
"No, it's a weak undead, I don't feel any strength in him."
“桀桀桀！总算换了守墓人，这下好了，我们可以和这个新守墓人好好玩耍了，原来那个真的太不好玩了。”也玩不过！
"Boom! Finally, the grave keeper has been changed, and now we can have a good time with this new grave keeper, it turns out that it is really not fun. "I can't play either!
撒奇尔就看到各种奇形怪状的怪物向他袭来，他再也忍不住地尖叫道：“不！不要过来！救命！父亲！母亲！救救我！”
Thatcher saw all sorts of strange monsters coming at him, and he couldn't help screaming anymore: "No! Don't come here! Help me! Father! Mother! Help me! ”
撒奇尔的惨叫在地宫中不住回荡，而他身为守墓人的生涯才刚刚开始。
Thatcher's screams echoed in the dungeon, and his career as a grave keeper had only just begun.
地宫深处的祭坛中，撒老祖刚刚把那对父子的处置经过说完，最后才道：“你们祖奶奶脾气不太好，看到听到撒奇尔那个小畜生向那个邪神祈愿，竟然献祭自己父亲的生命，还要把雷木的生命力转移到他身上，就把那小畜生给拍死了。”
In the altar deep in the underground palace, Sa Lao Zu had just finished talking about the disposition of the father and son, and finally said: "Your grandmother is not very good-tempered, and when she saw that the little beast of Thatchir prayed to that evil god, she actually sacrificed her father's life and transferred the life force of Lei Mu to him, so she slapped the little beast to death. ”
王叶没想到撒奇尔竟然就这么死了：“那撒奇尔现在？”
Wang Ye didn't expect Thatcher to die like this: "Then That's where Thatcher is now?" ”
“应该正在地宫某处玩耍吧，相信他会在地宫生活得很愉快。”撒老祖只要用心关注，整个地宫的情况他都能清清楚楚，撒奇尔的遭遇自然也都看在眼中。
"He should be playing somewhere in the dungeon, I believe he will live a good life in the dungeon." As long as Sa Laozu pays attention to it, he can clearly understand the situation in the entire underground palace, and what happened to Sakir will naturally be in his eyes.
他觉得撒奇尔很适合这个地宫，这让他觉得把这个地宫再留一段时间也挺好。
He felt that Thatchir was a good fit for this dungeon, which made him think that it would be good to keep this dungeon for a while.
“你们要不要上去转转？我看撒尔曼似乎想借着这次祭祀把你和雷木的继承人身份定下来，他们定好的时间是明天清晨五点半，等把你们的名字禀告给我们这些祖宗知道，而我们这些祖宗没有明着反对的话，你们的继承人之位就基本不可能改变了。”
"Do you want to go up and walk around? It seems to me that Salman wants to use this sacrifice to determine the identity of you and Lei Mu's heirs, and the time they have set is half past five tomorrow morning, when your names are known to our ancestors, and if our ancestors do not explicitly oppose it, it is basically impossible for your heir position to change. ”
撒老祖可是想明天显显灵，给雷木和王叶撑撑腰呢。 Sa's ancestor wants to appear tomorrow and support Lei Mu and Wang Ye.
王叶迟疑：“上去就算了吧，雷木现在有点事……” Wang Ye hesitated: "Go up and forget it, Lei Mu has something to do now......"
撒老祖突然喷笑，索性指着花盆挑明：“你是指他变成一棵小嫩芽这样的有点事吗？”
Sa Lao Zu suddenly laughed, and simply pointed to the flower pot and picked it out: "Do you mean that he has become a little shoot?" ”
王叶见撒老祖挑破，嘿嘿一笑，道：“你看，我们确实不方便。”
Wang Ye saw that Sa Lao Ancestor was picking, he smiled, and said, "Look, we are indeed inconvenient. ”
“没什么不方便。”象夫人走过来，似乎想要摸摸小嫩芽，但最后只摸了摸花盆。她是亡灵，就算实体化，她也不适合去抚摸一株充满生命力的小嫩芽。
"Nothing inconvenient." Madame Elephant approached and seemed to want to touch the little shoots, but in the end she only touched the pot. She is an undead, and even if she materializes, she is not fit to touch a small shoot full of vitality.
小嫩芽跟象夫人轻轻摇了摇，像是在打招呼。 The little sprout shook it gently with Madame Elephant, as if to say hello.
象夫人眼神软的能滴出水：“这孩子怎么就变成这副模样了？他难道还有树人族血脉？”
Mrs. Xiang's eyes were so soft that they could drip water: "Why did this child become like this?" Does he still have the Treant blood? ”
王叶见瞒不过，也不隐瞒了：“木木的本体是生命之树的种子。他没有把人类当做主血脉主要是为了对抗魔种。”
Wang Ye couldn't hide it, so he didn't hide it: "The body of Mu Mu is the seed of the Tree of Life. He didn't treat humans as the main bloodline, mainly to fight against the demon seed. ”
“我们都懂，你不用特意解释。傻孩子，我们是在为这孩子高兴。”象夫人温和地笑。
"We all understand, you don't have to go out of your way to explain. Silly boy, we're happy for this kid. Madame Elephant smiled gently.
王叶摸摸鼻子有点不好意思。 Wang Ye touched his nose and was a little embarrassed.
撒老祖更是慨叹：“真没想到我们撒家最后竟然能出一个树人，这可真是无上的荣誉。树人一族，在双月星古时候可都是神灵一般的存在，虽然一直都有树人族混血儿的传说，但我们还真没见过。”
Sa Lao Zu sighed even more: "I really didn't expect our Sa family to be able to produce a tree man in the end, this is really a supreme honor." The Treants were god-like beings in the ancient days of the Twin Moon Stars, and although there has always been a legend of the Treant Half-Breed, we really haven't seen it. ”
象夫人哼：“撒家血脉有什么好的，早就烂掉了，早点换掉早点好。”
Mrs. Xiang hummed: "What's so good about the Sajia bloodline, it's already rotten, it's better to replace it as soon as possible." ”
撒老祖竟然点头：“也是。我们撒家血脉能用来培养一株树人，还是传说中的生命之树，作为老祖的我们，这算是血赚了吧？”
Sa Lao Zu actually nodded: "Yes." Can our Sajia bloodline be used to cultivate a tree man, or the legendary tree of life, as the ancestors, this can be regarded as blood earning, right? ”
说到最后，撒老祖都把自己说笑了，他确实得意。 In the end, Sa Lao Zu laughed at himself, he was indeed proud.
如果当年他那些老伙计都还活着，不，只要还有意识，他一定会去找他们炫耀：瞧，我的一个子孙变成生命之树了！羡慕不？
If all his old ladies were still alive, no, as long as he was conscious, he would have gone to them to show off: Look, one of my children and grandchildren has become a tree of life! Envy not?
“你以后可要保护好他，生命之树还没有长成之际，很容易被伤害。”象夫人那模样简直为雷木担心极了。
"You have to protect him in the future, the tree of life is easy to be hurt before it grows." Madame Elephant's appearance was so worried about Remu.
王叶私心觉得雷木很强大，而现在这嫩芽的模样也只是暂时——还处在觉醒期嘛。但他也不会拂这位祖奶奶的好意，就点头道：“您放心，我会用我的生命和灵魂保护好木木，我死他才会死。”
Wang Ye selfishly felt that Lei Mu was very powerful, and now the appearance of this young shoot was only temporary—it was still in the awakening period. But he wouldn't bother this grandmother's kindness, so he nodded and said, "Don't worry, I will use my life and soul to protect Mu Mu, and he will die if I die." ”
象夫人觉得这说法有点不吉利，拍了拍王叶的脑袋：“小孩子家家，以后不要成天把死不死地放在嘴里说。难不成你和雷木还想变成亡灵吗？不说亡灵形成有必要条件，真变成亡灵，可不是什么好事。”
Mrs. Xiang felt that this statement was a bit unlucky, and patted Wang Ye's head: "Children, don't put death in your mouth all day long in the future." Could it be that you and Thunderwood still want to become undead? Not to mention the necessary conditions for the formation of undead, it is not a good thing to really become undead. ”
撒老祖看象夫人教训王叶，直笑。 Sa Lao Zu saw that Mrs. Xiang taught Wang Ye a lesson, and smiled.
象夫人把王叶说了够，逼着王叶发誓以后再也不随便说死不死的，才放过他。
Mrs. Xiang told Wang Ye enough, and forced Wang Ye to swear that she would never say that she would die or not die in the future, so she let him go.
王叶内心满头汗，他拿这种真心关心他又特别会唠叨的女性最没辙了。
Wang Ye was sweating in his heart, and he was the most disgusted with this kind of woman who really cared about him and was especially good at nagging.
“明天早上的祭祀，你们去露个面。”象夫人拍板，口吻不容拒绝：“雷木这边你不用担心，我们会让他出现的。”
"Tomorrow morning's sacrifice, you go and show your face." Mrs. Xiang clapped her hand, and her tone could not be refused: "You don't have to worry about Lei Mu's side, we will let him appear." ”
王叶眨眨眼，是他想的那个意思吗？ Wang Ye blinked, was that what he thought?
撒老祖对他挤了挤眼睛，表示搞个让人无法看破的幻象而已，这可是象夫人的拿手绝招。
Sa Lao Zu squeezed his eyes at him, saying that it was just an illusion that people couldn't see, which was Mrs. Xiang's trick.
“可是木木将来不一定想要继承这个帝国。”王叶看两老如此为他们着想，也不想让他们将来失望，特别点明道。
"But Mu Mu doesn't necessarily want to inherit this empire in the future." Wang Ye saw that the two elders thought about them so much, and he didn't want to disappoint them in the future, so he made a special point.
撒老祖失笑：“你乱想什么呢？我们让你们明天去露脸，只是想让你们名正言顺获得继承人的位子，这是雷木该得的。至于你们将来想不想继承帝位，那是你们的事。我说了，我和你祖奶奶都死了快两千年，我们死的时候，银月还不是王国，那么现在银月帝国如果消失，我们也不会觉得怎样。”
Sa Lao Zu laughed: "What are you thinking? We asked you to show your face tomorrow, just to give you the position of heir in your name, which is what Remu deserves. As for whether you want to inherit the throne in the future, that's your business. As I said, your grandmother and I have been dead for almost two thousand years, and when we died, Silvermoon was not a kingdom, so now if the Silvermoon Empire disappears, we won't feel anything. ”
“世事变迁，沧海桑田。我们早就明白了这世上没有什么是永恒的，想要追求永远的不变，最后只会落得消亡的下场。”象夫人揉了揉王叶的头毛。
"The world has changed, and the vicissitudes of life. We have long understood that nothing in this world is eternal, and if we want to pursue eternal immutability, we will only end up in extinction. Madame Elephant rubbed Wang Ye's head hair.
王叶这次没有躲。他很喜欢这两位老祖。 Wang Ye didn't hide this time. He liked these two ancestors very much.
“那么地宫还要拆吗？”王叶满脸期待地问。 "Then does the dungeon still have to be demolished?" Wang Ye asked expectantly.
撒老祖嗤笑：“你把祭台拆了还不够？这个地宫，你还是暂且给我们撒家留着吧。那些亡灵总要有个地方待着，地宫也能束缚他们。”
Sa Lao Zu sneered: "It's not enough that you dismantled the altar? This dungeon, you should keep it for us for the time being. The undead must have a place to stay, and the dungeon can bind them. ”
“您之前不是也想把这个地宫拆掉吗？”王叶奇怪。 "Didn't you want to tear down this dungeon before?" Wang Ye is strange.
撒老祖干咳：“这不是撒尔曼想钓鱼吗？” Sa Lao Zu coughed dryly: "Isn't this Salman wanting to fish?" ”
“钓鱼？” "Fishing?"
“对。那小子总算还没有笨到家，他应该也察觉到有人在暗中搞鬼，只是那些势力也很厉害，根据我和你祖奶奶调查到的一些事情来看，那些势力很可能从两百多年前开始就在银月布局，他们似乎一直在图谋地宫，以为地宫真的有什么宝藏，或者与魔族有什么重要关联。”
"Yes. That kid hasn't been stupid yet, he should have also noticed that someone was secretly playing ghosts, but those forces are also very powerful, according to some of the things that I and your grandmother have investigated, those forces are likely to have been in the Silver Moon since more than two hundred years ago, and they seem to have been plotting the dungeon, thinking that the dungeon really has some treasures, or has something important to do with the demons. ”
撒老祖叹息：“因为那些势力布局时间很早，也很深，更把手伸入撒家，和撒家、和银月很多贵族以及大臣家族枝蔓交缠，撒尔曼想在短时间内查清楚基本不可能。他只能顺着线头一点点扯。”
Sa Lao Zu sighed: "Because those forces were laid out very early and deep, and they even stretched their hands into the Sa family, and they were entangled with the Sa family, many nobles and ministers in Yinyue, and it was basically impossible for Sarman to find out in a short time." He could only pull a little bit along the thread. ”
王叶若有所思：“能让撒尔曼的父亲亲自把那邪神雕像放入祭台，看来某些人的布局真的很早。我怀疑那位陛下可能真的不知道那是邪神雕像，他应该是被骗了。”
Wang Ye thought thoughtfully: "If Sahrman's father can personally put the statue of the evil god into the altar, it seems that some people's layout is really early." I suspect that His Majesty may not really know that it is an evil god statue, and he must have been deceived. ”
“想知道答案，去一趟灵寂之地宫殿吧。我带你过去，那些国王亡灵都自恃身份，你直接过去，他们可能不会理睬你。”撒老祖道。
"If you want to know the answer, go to the palace of the Silent Lands. I'll take you there, those kings and undead are all proud of their status, you go directly, they may not pay attention to you. "Sa Lao Zu said.
这时，王叶他们还不知道，灵寂之地的一群国王亡灵们早就期盼着王叶回来。
At this time, Wang Ye and the others didn't know that a group of king undead in the Land of Silence had long been looking forward to Wang Ye's return.
象夫人也道：“现在可以确定撒菲力应该和那些背后势力有联系，并被他们蛊惑，正密谋要做某些事情。我们也很好奇他要如何复活，以及要如何从撒尔曼手中抢到帝位。当然，我们不会让他真正复活，只会不断暗中逼迫他，让他拿出更多底牌。”
Madame Elephant also said: "It is now certain that Saphiri must be connected with the forces behind them, and have been bewitched by them, and are plotting to do something. We are also curious to see how he will be resurrected and how he will snatch the throne from Salman. Of course, we won't really resurrect him, we will just keep secretly forcing him to show more hole cards. ”
撒老祖接口：“撒尔曼正在暗中派人审核自己的将领，但这很花时间，如果被将领们知道，也会让他们离心。他这么辛苦，我们看得也不忍心，打算帮他一把。明天祭祀，我们会让那些大臣和将领以及贵族全部进入地宫，到时我和你们祖奶奶会联手做一些事，你要是愿意也可以过来帮忙，或者看戏。”
Sa Lao Zu said: "Salman is secretly sending people to review his generals, but this will take time, and if the generals know about it, they will also be separated. He worked so hard, we couldn't bear to see it, and we planned to help him. Tomorrow the sacrifice, we will let those ministers, generals and nobles all enter the underground palace, and then your grandmother and I will join forces to do something, if you want, you can also come over to help, or watch a play. ”
撒老祖一顿，忽然改口：“嗯，我的直觉告诉我，你来帮忙会有意想不到的惊喜，你还是过来吧。我总觉得地宫中似乎还隐藏着某个存在，这个存在就是撒菲力的依仗，更可能是串联所有线索的关键。”
Sa Lao Zu paused, and suddenly changed his words: "Well, my intuition tells me that there will be unexpected surprises when you come to help, so you should come over." I always feel that there seems to be a hidden existence in the dungeon, and this existence is the reliance of Saphili, and it is more likely that the key to connecting all the clues. ”
打白工？王叶等了一会儿，见系统也没给他发任务，他顿时就懒了。
Day jobs? Wang Ye waited for a while, and when he saw that the system didn't send him a task, he suddenly became lazy.
他可不想干这种没什么好处拿的活，他就是这么现实。 He didn't want to do this kind of work that didn't have any benefits, he was so realistic.
所以王叶特别无耻地跟两位老祖说道：“我还小呢，木木更小，这种国家大事我们就不插手了。两位老祖你们好好玩~，我和木木精神支持你们~”
Therefore, Wang Ye said to the two ancestors shamelessly: "I'm still young, Mumu is even younger, we won't interfere in this kind of national affairs." Two ancestors, you have fun~, Mu Mu and I support you spiritually~"
撒老祖和象夫人一起死鱼眼看这破孩子：“……” Sa Laozu and Mrs. Elephant looked at the broken child with dead fish eyes: "......"
第316章 禁忌、生死轮回 Chapter 316: Taboo, Reincarnation of Life and Death
王叶被撒老祖提到了灵寂之地大殿，在那里见到了撒尔曼大帝的父亲撒特伦。
Wang Ye was brought to the Hall of the Land of Silence by Sa's ancestor, where he met Sathron, the father of Sahrman the Great.
撒老祖发现这些国王们看到王小叶都有些激动，询问之下才知道他们也都吃了王叶送的祭品，这会儿全都冒出来，就是为了让这孩子交出更多祭品。
Sa Laozu found that these kings were a little excited when they saw Wang Xiaoye, and after inquiry, they learned that they had also eaten the sacrifices given by Wang Ye, and they all came out at this time, just to let the child hand over more sacrifices.
竟然想跟他和他老婆抢祭品，美不死你们！ I want to rob him and his wife of sacrifices, I can't kill you!
“都给我滚！”撒老祖一声爆喝，把那些国王都给赶跑了。
"Get out of here!" Sa's ancestor burst into a shout and drove those kings away.
撒家历代国王们敢怒不敢言，谁让这位是真老祖，偏其实力也是他们中最强的一个，他们联合起来都打不过他。
The kings of the Sajia Dynasty dared not speak out, who let this be the true ancestor, and his strength was also the strongest among them, and they couldn't beat him together.
何况撒老祖还不是一个人，还有象夫人帮他。 What's more, Sa Laozu is not alone, and Mrs. Xiang helps him.
历代国王们经受过几次联合双打后就学聪明了，你爹要揍你，你可以躲，你祖宗要揍你，你还是乖乖躺平挨揍吧，否则单打就要变成双打了。
The kings of the past generations learned to be smart after experiencing a few joint doubles, your father wants to beat you, you can hide, your ancestors want to beat you, you better lie down and be beaten, otherwise the singles will become doubles.
王叶愿意送祭品只是为了过关简单点，就当是付了过路费，但要他给那么多国王烹制祭品，还是饶了他吧，就算给再多魔晶也不做！
Wang Ye is willing to send sacrifices just to make it easier to pass the customs, so he will pay the toll, but if he wants to cook sacrifices for so many kings, it is better to spare him, even if he gives more magic crystals, he will not do it!
嗯，如果真的给得多，也不是不可以考虑…… Well, if it is really given too much, it is not impossible to consider......
“你问我那个雕像的事？”撒特伦是位看起来很有威严感的国王，一看就不好亲近。
"You asked me about that statue?" Satron was a king who looked very majestic, and it was not easy to get close to at first glance.
大约是这里国王太多，除了撒洛特，几乎没有哪个国王会自称本王之类。
There are so many kings here, and almost no king would call himself his own king except for Salot.
王叶点头。他还想着如果对方不想说，他可以用祭品做交换。
Wang Ye nodded. He also thought that if the other party didn't want to say it, he could exchange it for a sacrifice.
谁想，这位国王什么条件都没谈，就像说一件很普通的事情一样说道：“我知道我上当了，老祖带我去过祭坛，看过那异变的雕像。我会把这件事原原本本告诉你。”
Who would have thought, this king did not talk about any conditions, as if he was talking about a very ordinary thing: "I know that I have been fooled, the ancestor took me to the altar and saw the deformed statue." I'll tell you exactly what I did. ”
“这个雕像来自知识之城，是我从那里求回来的。”撒特伦脸色不见尴尬，也不见其他情绪。
"This statue is from the City of Knowledge, and I asked for it from there." There was no embarrassment on Satlon's face, and there was no other emotion.
“在我知道我就要进入衰竭期后，我就在寻找各种办法……我在坐上国王之位后就一直在想办法，只是最后那段时间我寻找得更积极，但也许我太积极、太渴望了，就被人钻了空子。”
"As soon as I knew I was going to fail, I was looking for ways to do it...... I've been trying to figure out what to do since I took the throne, but in the end I was looking more actively, but maybe I was too positive, too eager, and someone took advantage of it. ”
“我听说知识之城有解决魔族契约的方法，就亲自去了一趟。在那里，我见到了一名女巫。”
"I heard that the City of Knowledge has a way to settle the demon contract, so I went there myself. There, I met a witch. ”
“女巫？”王叶惊讶，无论上辈子还是这辈子，他都不知道双月星竟然还有巫这种存在。
"Witch?" Wang Ye was surprised, no matter in his previous life or in this life, he didn't know that there was such an existence as a witch in Shuangyue Star.
撒特伦看向撒老祖。 Satlon looked at Satra.
撒老祖耸耸肩，道：“没什么好隐瞒的，这事又不是我们做的。”
Sa Lao Zu shrugged his shoulders and said, "There's nothing to hide, and we didn't do this. ”
撒特伦这才说道：“巫算是我们双月星最远古的超凡者，他们修炼的巫术和我们现在所说的魔法有一定区别，但自从天地能量异变后，巫力衰弱，魔法占到了上风。但在魔法出现之前，神眷者之名先响彻天下，而当时的神眷者把所有的巫都当做敌人，把巫打为邪恶。”
That's when Satlon said: "Witchcraft is the most ancient transcendent of our Twin Moon Stars, and the witchcraft they practice is somewhat different from what we are talking about now, but since the energy of heaven and earth has changed, witchcraft has weakened, and magic has prevailed. But before the advent of magic, the name of the Divine Favor was first resounded throughout the world, and the Divine Favor at that time regarded all witches as enemies and beat witches as evil. ”
“实际上这只是一种排除异己的行为，神眷者想要统治天下，自然不允许其他超凡者来跟他们分庭抗礼。”
"In fact, this is just an act of excluding dissidents, and if the gods want to rule the world, they naturally do not allow other transcendent beings to fight against them."
“也许因为巫力衰弱的缘故，巫无法再从天地中吸收到足够的能量，加上他们的神秘和古怪，让普通人十分畏惧他们。神眷者们联合起来，各国都在追杀巫。很快，双月星的巫就被杀得几乎看不到了。”
"Perhaps because of the weakening of witch power, witches can no longer absorb enough energy from heaven and earth, and their mystery and strangeness make ordinary people very afraid of them. The gods are united, and all nations are hunting for witches. Soon, the witch of the Twin Moon Stars was killed and almost invisible. ”
撒老祖补充：“巫的传承也几乎就此断绝，曾经唐博和古鼎他们试图把巫术融入古魔法中，形成了现在的新魔法，而原本的巫发现新魔法也适合他们学习，加上巫不容于世，逐渐的剩下的巫也都转变成了魔法师。”
Sa Lao Zu added: "The inheritance of witches has almost been cut off, once Tang Bo and Gu Ding tried to integrate witchcraft into ancient magic, forming the current new magic, and the original witches found that the new magic is also suitable for them to learn, plus witches are not allowed to the world, and gradually the remaining witches have also turned into magicians." ”
撒特伦等撒老祖说完，他才继续说道：“也只有在知识之城这样的地方才会看到巫。因为其他超凡者都无法帮助我，当有人向我推荐了这名女巫，我就去见她了。”
Sathren waited for Satron to finish speaking before he continued: "You can only see witches in places like the City of Knowledge. Since no other transcendent could help me, when someone recommended the witch to me, I went to see her. ”
“她一眼就看出我来找她是什么事，最后她给了我那个雕像，说这个东西可以阻挡魔族前来双月星，当这个雕像聚集了足够的力量时，甚至能让所有被契约困住的灵魂都得到解脱。”
"She saw at a glance what I was looking for her, and finally she gave me the statue, saying that this thing can stop the demons from coming to the Double Moon Star, and when this statue gathers enough power, it can even free all the souls trapped by the contract."
“我请很多大师看过这个雕像，他们都认为这就是一尊十分普通的雕像，他们没有看出好处，但也没有看出任何害处。我就抱着死马当活马医的想法，把这个雕像带回了银月，并亲手放到祭坛的祭台上，同时按照那女巫所说，放下雕像时，呼唤了它的名字，巴勒。”
"I asked a lot of masters to look at this statue, and they all thought it was a very ordinary statue, and they didn't see any good, but they didn't see any harm. With the idea of a dead horse being a live horse doctor, I brought the statue back to the Silver Moon and placed it on the altar with my own hands, and as the witch had said, I called the statue by name, Balak. ”
“但当时什么异象都没有发生，时间久了，我就把那个雕像忘了。直到有一天，老祖来找我，问我那个雕像是怎么回事，又带我去看了那个雕像，我才发现那个雕像竟然变成了那样可怕的邪物。”
"But nothing happened at the time, and after a long time, I forgot about the statue. It wasn't until one day that the Ancestor came to me and asked me what was going on with the statue, and took me to see the statue, that I found out that the statue had turned into such a terrible evil thing. ”
撒特伦的表情终于有了一丝变化，他微微叹息：“我和老祖那时都想要除掉那个雕像，但我们竟然无法损毁它，甚至无法把它从祭台上挪除。我们的力量对它无法形成克制，只能略微压制它，最后两位老祖合力把那个邪物的力量困在了祭坛中。”
Satron's expression finally changed slightly, and he sighed slightly: "My ancestor and I wanted to get rid of that statue at that time, but we couldn't destroy it, or even remove it from the altar. Our power could not restrain it, and we could only suppress it slightly, and finally the two Ancestors worked together to trap the power of that evil creature in the altar. ”
撒老祖摸摸下巴，说道：“按照我和我夫人的推测，我们怀疑这些邪神最初的灵可能就是那些不甘死亡或悲愤死亡的巫们的灵魂。这些巫的灵魂飘荡在这个世界上，没有人能看得到它们，它们自己也没有什么意识，但是当你呼唤它们的名字，它们就会聚集过来，并附着在某些物体上。这就形成了一个灵种。”
Sa's ancestor touched his chin and said, "According to my wife's speculation, we suspect that the original spirits of these evil gods may be the souls of those witches who are unwilling to die or die of grief. The spirits of these witches wander the world, no one can see them, and they themselves have no consciousness, but when you call their names, they gather and attach themselves to certain objects. This forms a spirit seed. ”
王叶眼睛biu地亮了：灵种？这东西不是可遇不可求吗？上次弄到手，还是在学校的药园副本当中。
Wang Ye's eyes lit up: Spirit seed? Isn't this something hard to find? The last time I got it, it was in the school's medicine garden copy.
“这么说每个邪神雕像都会有一个主体雕像，而这个主体雕像中藏着一枚灵种？”王叶眼睛亮晶晶地问。
"So every evil god statue will have a main body statue, and this main body statue hides a spirit seed?" Wang Ye asked with sparkling eyes.
撒老祖一看王小叶这模样，就忍不住想弹他脑门，这小兔崽子怎么这么爱财？
As soon as Sa Lao Zu saw Wang Xiaoye's appearance, he couldn't help but want to play his head, why does this little rabbit cub love money so much?
之前让他做点事，他就懒洋洋的，还用自己年龄小做借口推诿。这会儿一听有灵种，立马就对邪神感兴趣了。
Before he asked him to do something, he was lazy, and he used his young age as an excuse to prevaricate. At this time, as soon as I heard that there was a spirit seed, I immediately became interested in the evil god.
王叶：我做邪神雕像任务有经验值拿的好吗！更何况还出现了灵种，这简直就是意外之喜。
Wang Ye: I have experience points for the Evil God Statue quest, okay? What's more, there is also a spirit seed, which is simply a surprise.
撒老祖没敲到王小叶的脑门，十分不爽地道：“灵种只是我们的猜测，是不是有，也要看了才知道。但这些灵种很会躲藏，它们为了保护自己，会把真正的主体藏起来。偏偏这种邪神的灵体只要有邪念聚集，就很容易附着在某个物品上，最普通的就是拥有邪神名字的雕像。你根本搞不清楚哪个才是它真正的主体雕像。”
Sa Lao Zu didn't knock on Wang Xiaoye's head, and said very unhappily: "The spirit seed is just our guess, whether there is one or not, we have to look at it to know." But these spirit seeds are very good at hiding, and in order to protect themselves, they will hide the real subject. However, as long as the spirit of this evil god gathers evil thoughts, it is easy to attach to a certain object, and the most common is the statue with the name of the evil god. You can't figure out which is the real main statue. ”
“没事，我想我能分辨。”他有因果卷。主体还是分体，他查查就知道了。
"It's okay, I think I can tell." He has a volume of cause and effect. The main body is still separate, he will know when he checks it.
“另外，灵种原本不分善恶，是人的祈愿内容，让灵种吸附了愿力，如果是好的祈愿，也许这个灵种就会变成比较善良的邪神。如果是恶性的祈愿，那灵种就会变成邪恶的邪神。你明白我的意思吗？”撒老祖怕王叶太小听不懂。
"In addition, the spirit seed originally did not distinguish between good and evil, it was the content of people's prayers, so that the spirit seed absorbed the power of the wish, if it was a good prayer, maybe this spirit seed would become a kinder evil god. If it is a vicious prayer, then the spirit seed will become an evil god. Do you understand what I mean? "Sa Lao Zu is afraid that Wang Ye is too young to understand.
王叶给了撒老祖一个你太小看我的眼神，道：“您老是想告诉我，消失的巫找到了另一种修炼方法，就是愿力？除了灵种形成的邪神本身，还有巫在背后吸收这些愿力，以成就自己？”
Wang Ye gave Sa Lao Zu a look that you looked down on me too much, and said, "You always want to tell me that the disappeared witch has found another cultivation method, which is wishing power?" In addition to the evil god itself formed by the spirit seed, there is also a witch behind the scenes to absorb these wishes in order to achieve himself? ”
撒老祖指着王叶对撒特伦说：“看到没，这小子聪明吧，我孙子！”
Sa's ancestor pointed to Wang Ye and said to Satron: "See, this kid is smart, my grandson!" ”
王叶：“……” Wang Ye: "......"
撒特伦淡淡道：“不，他不是你孙子，他和你理论上没有任何关系。但他确实是我的重孙，撒尔曼宣布过了。对了，我另一个重孙呢？”
Satlon said lightly: "No, he is not your grandson, and he has nothing to do with you in theory." But he is indeed my great-grandson, Salman declared. By the way, what about my other great-grandson? ”
撒老祖呵呵：“他是撒家承认的子孙，那就是我孙子。”
Sa Lao Zu hehe: "He is a descendant recognized by the Sa family, that is my grandson." ”
撒特伦：“你连我都不认，这孩子能和您有什么关系？”
Satron: "You don't even recognize me, what can this kid have to do with you?" ”
撒老祖：“我干嘛要认你？你和我有什么关系？而我认小崽子当孙子，又和你有屁关系？”
Sa Lao Zu: "Why should I recognize you?" What does you have to do with me? And I think the little cub is a grandson, and I have a fart relationship with you? ”
撒特伦深吸气：“您老是说我们各认各的？” Sathren took a deep breath: "You always say that we each know each other? ”
撒老祖理所当然道：“对！” Sa Lao Zu said as a matter of course: "Yes! ”
撒特伦不说话了，有个任性老祖，他能怎么办？ Sathren stopped talking, there was a wayward ancestor, what could he do?
王叶呢喃：“我以前就听说贵圈伦理辈分向来是一团乱麻，没想到你们真的可以乱成这样，行吧，反正我不吃亏。”
Wang Ye murmured: "I heard before that the ethical generation in your circle has always been a mess, but I didn't expect you to really be like this, okay, anyway, I won't suffer." ”
两位长辈一起睨王叶。 The two elders looked at Wang Ye together.
王叶清清嗓子，正经脸问：“那么亲爱的曾祖父，请问您知道那位女巫叫什么名字，以及向您推荐那位女巫的人是谁吗？您有没有查过他们背后的势力？”
Wang Ye cleared his throat and asked with a serious face, "Then dear great-grandfather, do you know what the name of that witch is and who is the person who recommended it to you?" Have you checked the forces behind them? ”
陡然升为曾祖父的撒特伦表情有点微妙：“那个雕像被我放了一百多年才聚集了一些能量，等到我发现那雕像已经变成除不掉的祸患后，我已经死了，死了很多年。”
Satron, who had suddenly ascended to great-grandfather's expression, was a little subtle: "That statue was put by me for more than a hundred years to gather some energy, and by the time I found out that the statue had become an incurable scourge, I had already died, dead for many years." ”
“你没有把这件事告诉大帝？”王叶觉得不可思议。 "You didn't tell the Emperor about this?" Wang Ye felt incredible.
撒特伦与撒大胆老祖如出一辙的口吻反问：“为什么要告诉他？难道要我跟我的儿子说，儿子，你的国王爹不如你，不但没有在生前传给你一个帝国，还上当受骗给你留了一个麻烦，你有空能不能帮你的国王亡灵爹擦个屁股？”
Sathron asked rhetorically in the same tone as Sathron's ancestor: "Why do you want to tell him?" Do you want me to tell my son, son, your king father is not as good as you, not only did he not pass on an empire to you during his lifetime, but he was also deceived and left you a trouble, can you help your king undead father wipe his ass when you are free? ”
王叶：“……就为这？因为面子，你就没跟大帝交代这件事？”
Wang Ye: "...... That's it? Because of face, you didn't explain this matter to the emperor? ”
撒特伦不想说话了，重孙用“人干事”的表情看他，他心塞。
Satron didn't want to speak, and his great-grandson looked at him with a "human officer" expression, and his heart was congested.
撒老祖干咳一声，说了一句公道话：“这事换了我，我也不会说，不是因为面子，而是因为我们都没想到这事会关系到整个银月和撒家。我们甚至以为雕像是因为地宫中的邪恶亡灵太多，才会异变。”
Sa Lao Zu coughed dryly and said a fair word: "If this matter changes me, I won't say it, not because of face, but because we didn't expect that this matter would affect the entire Yinyue and the Sa family." We even thought that the statue was mutated because there were too many evil undead in the dungeon. ”
“所以你们一开始压根就没想到这是别人对银月的阴谋陷害？”王叶睁大眼睛。
"So you didn't even think that this was someone else's conspiracy to frame Silvermoon in the first place?" Wang Ye's eyes widened.
撒老祖一指撒特伦：“都怪他，他笨！” Sa's ancestor pointed at Satron: "It's all his fault, he's stupid!" ”
撒特伦：“……”要不是打不过这老家伙！ Satron: "......" if he hadn't been able to beat this old fellow!
王叶看在雷木的面子上，给了曾祖父台阶下：“换了我，我可能也想不到。”
Wang Ye looked at Lei Mu's face and gave his great-grandfather the steps: "If I change it, I may not be able to think of it." ”
撒特伦：我真的不想跟一个十岁小崽子比智商。 Satron: I really don't want to compare IQ to a ten-year-old cub.
该问的事问完，王叶半点没留恋，不过走的时候，给这位曾祖父留下了不少祭品。
After asking what should be asked, Wang Ye didn't have any nostalgia at all, but when he left, he left a lot of sacrifices for this great-grandfather.
而撒特伦给他的只有一张兽皮纸。 And all Thattron gave him was a piece of vellum paper.
“你想知道的都在上面，可以交给撒尔曼，他会知道怎么做。”
"Everything you want to know is on it, you can give it to Salman, and he will know how to do it."
没收到任何见面礼的王叶已经不打算再来见这个小气的曾祖父第二次，除非雷木要过来。
Wang Ye, who had not received any greeting gifts, did not plan to come back to see this stingy great-grandfather a second time, unless Lei Mu wanted to come over.
撒特伦等王叶离开了灵寂之地，看着面前一堆祭品，这才后知后觉地想到，他好像忘记给这个重孙见面礼了？
Satron waited for Wang Ye to leave the Land of Silence, looking at the pile of sacrifices in front of him, and then he realized that he seemed to have forgotten to give this great-grandson a gift?
唔，要么明天撒尔曼祭祀祖先，他也去露个脸，顺便给两个孩子送点礼物？
Hmm, or tomorrow Salman sacrifices to his ancestors, and he also goes to show his face and give some gifts to the two children by the way?
“咚咚。”有人敲响了他的卧室门。 "Knock knock." There was a knock on his bedroom door.
撒特伦奇怪，这时候谁会来拜访他？ Satron wondered, who would visit him at this time?
“儿子，开门！快点！”门外传来他那个早死国王爹的催促声，声音还小小的，怕人听见一样。
"Son, open the door! Hurry up! Outside the door came the urging voice of his father, who died early, and the voice was still small, as if it were afraid that people would hear it.
撒特伦低头看看面前的一堆祭品，用最快速度收了起来。在灵寂之地，他的辈分可是最小的。
Satron looked down at the pile of sacrifices in front of him and put them away as quickly as he could. In the Land of Silence, he was the youngest.
从现在开始，他要离开他的卧室，就……去祭祀宫殿吧，他要提前找他儿子说说话，正好他也有些事要告诉他。
From now on, he's going to leave his bedroom, just ...... Go to the sacrificial palace, he has to talk to his son in advance, and he also has something to tell him.
王叶跟着大黑去了那个有无头鱼的寒泉，抓了不少无头鱼，又装了不少寒泉水。
Wang Ye followed Da Hei to the cold spring where there were headless fish, caught a lot of headless fish, and filled a lot of cold spring water.
虫巢中的钟乳洞中又多出了一个寒潭，一米多长的无头鱼在这个寒潭中也能来个五十米来回游，沉到潭底就让人看不见鱼的身影，就知道王叶到底装了多少。
There is an extra cold pool in the stalactite hole in the insect nest, and the headless fish more than one meter long can also swim back and forth for fifty meters in this cold pool, and when it sinks to the bottom of the pool, people can't see the figure of the fish, so you know how much Wang Ye has loaded.
疯药王知道王叶弄回来一个寒潭后，就把那些阴石都送来了寒潭旁边，等他发现寒潭里的石头竟然都是极阴之石，他看王叶的眼神就特别慈爱，看得王叶晚上都没敢睡在虫巢里——他怕疯药王当晚就逼着他用寒泉水和阴石炼制对他有用的亡灵药剂。
After the mad medicine king knew that Wang Ye got back a cold pool, he sent those yin stones to the side of the cold pool, and when he found that the stones in the cold pool turned out to be all extreme yin stones, he looked at Wang Ye's eyes very lovingly, and saw that Wang Ye didn't dare to sleep in the insect nest at night - he was afraid that the mad medicine king would force him to use cold spring water and yin stones to refine the undead elixir that would be useful to him that night.
王叶在撒老祖的木屋里找了个角落，铺好铺盖就准备抱着花盆美美睡上一觉。明天还得早起去祭祀大典上露个脸，他想用最好的精神面貌出现。
Wang Ye found a corner in the wooden house of Sa Lao Zu, laid out the cover, and prepared to sleep beautifully with the flower pot. Tomorrow he has to get up early to show his face at the sacrifice ceremony, and he wants to appear in the best spirit.
谁知刚躺下没多久，系统就又给他发布了一个任务。 Who knew that not long after lying down, the system issued another task to him.
【任务发布！撒家地宫中祭祀和联系魔族的祭坛已毁，地宫中的亡灵们感到囚禁他们的枷锁少了一层，但地宫仍旧束缚着他们。千百亡灵在祈祷，作恶的亡灵想要挣脱束缚，去往外面的世界兴风作浪。疲累的亡灵只想要彻底安息。请玩家隔壁小王帮助想要安息的亡灵，超度他们的灵魂。每帮助一名亡灵超度，奖励一千点经验值与一点世界声望值。请问玩家隔壁小王是否接受这个任务？】
【Mission Released!】 The altar of worship and contact with the demons in the Sajia dungeon has been destroyed, and the undead in the dungeon feel that there is one less layer of shackles that imprison them, but the dungeon still binds them. Thousands of undead are praying, and the evil spirits want to break free and go out into the outside world to make trouble. The weary spirits of the dead want nothing more than complete rest. Ask the player next door to help the undead who want to rest in peace and surpass their souls. For each undead you help, you will be rewarded with 1,000 XP and 1 World Fame. Does the player next door accept this task? 】
超度？ Transcend?
王叶觉得这个词怪怪的。 Wang Ye thought the word was weird.
他的因果之力技能听起来似乎很宗教，实际上和任何宗教都没有关系。
His causal power skill may sound religious, but it doesn't really have anything to do with any religion.
用科学解释，这就是一个关于能量守恒的能力。 To put it scientifically, this is about the ability to conserve energy.
而且不会牵扯前世后世，就是实实在在当世发生的事情。
And it doesn't involve the past and future lives, it's what really happens in the current life.
最重要的是他的因果技能中压根就没有和超度有关的能力。
The most important thing is that there is no ability related to transcendence in his causal skills.
【象齿焚身】，可以焚烧灵魂，也能焚烧一切阴邪力量。却没办法让地宫中那些被束缚的亡灵死得透彻。
[Ivory Burning Body] can burn the soul and all the evil powers. But there is no way to let the bound undead in the dungeon die thoroughly.
【报应不爽】，倒是可以让地宫中的亡灵彻底消失，但也绝说不上超度。
[Retribution is unpleasant], it can make the undead in the underground palace disappear completely, but it is by no means excessive.
【源清流净】，虽然能破除和净化邪祟，对付邪神一类倒是好技能，但对付亡灵，顶多让他们疯狂时清醒一些，或者让他们在负面能量中能舒服一些。
[Source Clear Stream], although it can destroy and purify evil spirits, and it is a good skill to deal with evil gods, but dealing with the undead can at most make them sober when they are crazy, or make them more comfortable in negative energy.
超度在他的理解中，应该是帮助鬼魂亡灵之类脱离苦难困境，让他们就此回归能量本源的意思。
In his understanding, it should be to help ghosts and the undead get out of the predicament of suffering, so that they can return to the source of energy.
所以系统到底是怎么认为他能超度那些想要安息的亡灵？
So how does the system think he can surpass the undead who want to rest in peace?
但系统显然也不会随便给他发布任务，肯定是认为他有完成的可能性才会给出任务。
But the system obviously won't give him a task casually, and it must be that he will give a task if he has the possibility of completing it.
“千百亡灵在祈祷”……这显然是任务发布的契机。 "Thousands of dead are praying"...... This was the obvious opportunity for the mission to be released.
那么他能完成任务的关键在哪里？ So what is the key to his ability to complete the task?
王叶把自己的技能树全部拉出来，一个个仔细看。 Wang Ye pulled out all his skill trees and looked at them carefully one by one.
他发誓他对自己的技能已经非常了解。 He swears he already knows his skills very well.
等等，谁说他已经非常了解？ Wait, who said he already knew very well?
这辈子，他不就已经发现好几个技能的新用法？ In this life, hasn't he already discovered several new uses for skills?
那么会不会还有某个被他忽略的技能其实有着超度的功效？
So could there be a skill that he overlooked that actually has a superordinate effect?
王叶把自己的技能树扒拉来扒拉去。 Wang Ye pulled his skill tree back and forth.
二十一个技能，目前已经开启二十个，只剩下一个【天理难容】这个天劫型大规模超大型攻击需要等到九十级才会开启。
Of the twenty-one skills, twenty have been opened so far, and only one [Heavenly Reason is Intolerable] is left, and this Heavenly Tribulation-type large-scale super-large attack will not be activated until level ninety.
不过这个技能，他上辈子就用得不多，因为这个技能不管你身上有多少能量，它都会一次性把你身体中的能量全部抽空。
However, this skill has not been used much in his previous life, because no matter how much energy you have on your body, this skill will drain all the energy in your body at once.
而且施展后的结果极为可怕，属于核武器级别的技能，轻易不能动用。
And the result after casting it is extremely terrifying, it is a nuclear-weapon-level skill, and it cannot be used easily.
除了这个还没开启的技能，那他就剩下一个技能没有使用过了，那就是六十级就已经开启的复活技能【生死轮回】。
In addition to this skill that has not yet been opened, then he has one skill left that has not been used, that is, the resurrection skill [Cycle of Life and Death] that has been opened at level 60.
技能树中关于这个技能的介绍不多，就两句话：复活技能，需要逐个施展。死亡超过四十九天无效，身体损害严重以及没有身体也无效。
There isn't much to say about this skill in the skill tree, just two sentences: resurrection skills, which need to be cast one by one. Death is not valid for more than forty-nine days, as is serious bodily injury and absence of physical injury.
王叶曾经想过这个技能对于真实的生命是否能施展，但他一直没机会对双月星土著使用。
Wang Ye had thought about whether this skill could be used on real life, but he had never had the opportunity to use it on the natives of the Double Moon Star.
复活技能…… Resurrection Skill......
生死轮回…… The Cycle of Life and Death......
轮回，也是一个充满宗教意味的词语，但如果只是从字面理解的话，其实就是一个从生到死、再从死到生……
Reincarnation is also a word full of religious connotations, but if it is only taken literally, it is actually a word from birth to death, and then from death to life......
等等！他似乎有点明白了。 Wait a minute! He seemed to understand a little.
轮回和超度，其实在某种意味上就是一件事。 Reincarnation and transcendence are actually one thing in a certain sense.
亡灵们已经死亡。 The undead are dead.
对亡灵使用【生死轮回】，不就相当于让他们从死亡状态复活？
Isn't using [Cycle of Life and Death] on the undead equivalent to resurrecting them from their state of death?
但亡灵们只要死亡超过四十九天，就不可能真正复活，所以他们就相当于“被超度”了？
But as long as the undead have been dead for more than forty-nine days, it is impossible for them to be truly resurrected, so they are equivalent to being "exceeded"?
亡灵们回归能量本源，不也是一种新生？ Isn't the return of the undead to the source of energy also a new life?
都化作能量本源了，那时地宫也好、魔族也好，想要控制亡灵们也不可能了。
It's all turned into a source of energy, and at that time, whether it's the dungeon or the demons, it's impossible to control the undead.
王叶突然坐起身体。 Wang Ye sat up suddenly.
他忽然想到，撒菲力那么信誓旦旦地说自己能复活，会不会就是这世上也有人掌握了某种魔法或异能，可以让死去很久的人复活？
It suddenly occurred to him that Saphiri had sworn that he could be resurrected, could it be that there were people in this world who had mastered some kind of magic or ability that could resurrect people who had been dead for a long time?
只不过需要付出的代价很大？ It's just that the price to pay is huge?
不，也许并不需要很大的代价。 No, maybe it doesn't come at a great cost.
如果只是单纯地把某个灵魂意识塞到某个身体当中，夺舍就能办到。
If it is simply a matter of stuffing a soul consciousness into a certain body, it can be done.
而有些组织已经证明他们能做到这点。 And some organizations have proven that they can do it.
那么想要帮助撒菲力复活的难点反而不在于帮助他寻找一具合适的身体，而是如何脱离地宫的控制。
Then the difficulty in helping Saphiri resurrect is not to help him find a suitable body, but how to get out of the control of the underground palace.
所以撒菲力想要夺取地宫的能量。 So Saphiri wanted to seize the energy of the dungeon.
因为帮助撒菲力复活的人也明白，只有毁掉这个地宫，才能让撒菲力的亡灵真正脱困。
Because the people who helped Saphiri resurrect also understood that only by destroying this dungeon could Saphiri's undead be truly freed.
王叶甚至想到了撒菲力复活需要用到的身体，也许根本不是撒菲力原本的身体，而是那个组织给他准备的新身体——雷木的身体！
Wang Ye even thought of the body that Safili needed to resurrect, maybe it was not Safiri's original body at all, but the new body that the organization had prepared for him—Lei Mu's body!
如此，一切就有了解释。 In this way, everything has an explanation.
只要大帝承认雷木的继承权——还能通过雷木的身世打击大帝，让他心神恍惚，方便某些人偷袭。
As long as the Emperor recognizes Lei Mu's inheritance, he can also use Lei Mu's background to hit the Emperor, making him in a trance, and making it convenient for some people to sneak attack.
那么夺舍雷木的撒菲力就相当于是下一任名正言顺的大帝。
Then Saphiri, who took Sheremu, is equivalent to the next rightful emperor.
现在只剩下一个疑点，那就是撒菲力和他身后的人要如何干掉撒尔曼。
Now there is only one doubt left, and that is how Saphiri and the men behind him are going to take out Salman.
就算撒尔曼冷不丁知道了雷木的身世，心神恍惚，也不可能那么容易就被杀死。
Even if Salman knew about Lei Mu's background and was in a trance, he couldn't be killed so easily.
王叶回忆上辈子撒尔曼大帝的死亡时间，却发现他竟然没有相关的详细记忆。
Wang Ye recalled the time of the death of Sahrman the Great in his previous life, but found that he did not have a detailed memory of it.
主要是他对这些游戏中的NPC还是已经死掉的NPC并不关心，谁玩个游戏，还要去关心某个和任务无关的NPC是什么时候死亡的？
The main thing is that he doesn't care about the NPCs in these games or the NPCs that have died, who plays a game and cares about when an NPC that has nothing to do with the mission dies?
王叶决定作弊，他打开因果卷用精神力去触摸因果卷上撒尔曼大帝的名字，想要看到另一条时间线上这位大帝的确切死亡时间。
Wang Ye decided to cheat, he opened the karma scroll and used his mental power to touch the name of the Sahrman Emperor on the karma scroll, wanting to see the exact time of the emperor's death on another timeline.
但就在他的精神力即将碰触到大帝的名字时，他的精神力又倏然收回。
But just when his spiritual power was about to touch the name of the Great Emperor, his spiritual power was suddenly withdrawn.
就在刚刚，他莫名产生一种强烈的预感，那就是他看了，很可能会改变未来，很多未来，不一定会是他喜欢的那种。
Just now, he inexplicably had a strong premonition, that is, he saw that he was likely to change the future, and many of the future would not necessarily be the kind he liked.
他不能贪心！ He can't be greedy!
这就是贪心，自从他发现自己可以看到前世那条时间线上和他相关者的一生因果，他就一直想要看到雷木的。
This is greed, and he's always wanted to see Thunderwood ever since he found out that he could see the life cause and effect of those related to him on that timeline in his previous life.
而现在除了雷木的，他还想看别人的了。 And now in addition to Lei Mu's, he also wants to see other people's.
底线就是这么一步步被自己压低、再压低，直到毫无底线可言。
The bottom line is like this, step by step, it is lowered by itself, and then lowered, until there is no bottom line at all.
可这显然是一个陷阱！ But this is obviously a trap!
他今天看了撒尔曼大帝的“前世”，想要制敌先机。那么将来，他是不是看到一个顺眼的人，都会想要看看对方的“前世”，从而给对方某些指点？
He looked at the "past life" of Sahrman the Great today and wanted to dominate the enemy. So in the future, will he see a person who is pleasing to the eye, and he will want to see the other party's "past life", so as to give the other party some guidance?
但已经被他改变的这一世真的还和上一世一样吗？ But is this life that has been changed by him really the same as the previous life?
他看到的“前世”还会再照样发生吗？ Will the "past life" he saw happen again?
他的“指点”还会正确吗？ Will his "pointing" still be correct?
而且他的指点会不会造成一连串蝴蝶效应，导致更糟糕的情况发生？
And will his guidance create a cascade of butterfly effects that could lead to something worse?
王叶瞬时冷静下来。 Wang Ye calmed down instantly.
是的，一切都已经改变了，他不应该再依赖上辈子的因果。
Yes, everything has changed, and he should no longer rely on cause and effect from his previous life.
不是说因果卷这个能力不能使用，而是不该这么使用。 It's not that the ability of the causal scroll can't be used, but it shouldn't be used that way.
其实他怎么都无法看到雷木上辈子的因果线，就已经是一种警告了。
In fact, he couldn't see the cause and effect line of Lei Mu's previous life, which was already a warning.
而上次他看单天行的相关因果也只看到当时的时间点，这同样也是在告诉他，看过去可以，看未来不可以。
And the last time he looked at the cause and effect of Shan Tianxing, he only saw the time point at that time, which also told him that it was okay to look at the past, but not to look at the future.
预言者为什么不轻易吐露预言内容，为什么预言的内容总是含糊不清，甚至有时候看到什么也不说？
Why don't prophets easily confide in their prophecies, why are they always vague and sometimes even say nothing when they see them?
如果预言有用，陨星那么多预言系占卜系的教授，为什么陨星仍旧消失了？
If the prophecy is useful, there are so many professors of the divination department of the prophecy department of the meteorite, why is the meteorite still disappearing?
精灵族那么大，会没有预言者吗？就算没有，他们没有能预言的朋友，没有能警告他们的人吗？那为什么精灵族还是惨败在寄生虫族手下？
The elves are so big, will there be no prophets? And even if they didn't, did they have no friends who could prophesy, no one who could warn them? Then why did the elves still fail miserably at the hands of the parasites?
同样银月帝国这么大，宫廷魔法师中就没有预言系吗？ Similarly, the Silver Moon Empire is so big, isn't there a prophecy system among the court magicians?
就算他看到前世撒尔曼大帝的死亡时间，甚至知道了是谁对他动的手，但在目前很多事情已经改变的情况下，又有什么意义？
Even if he saw the time of the death of Sahrman the Great in his previous life, and even knew who did it to him, what was the point when many things had changed now?
如果上辈子是雷木杀了大帝呢？ What if it was Lei Mu who killed the Emperor in the previous life?
王叶轻轻吐气，手指轻轻碰了碰小芽芽。 Wang Ye exhaled lightly, and his fingers lightly touched the small bud.
小芽芽传来一股清凉的气息，王叶头脑越发清醒。 There was a cool breath coming from the little bud, and Wang Ye's mind became more and more sober.
“我们已经改变得够多了，接下来就看那些大佬们怎么做吧。我的任务就是提醒和提供线索，我的任务完成了，现在该他们自己完成自己的任务了。”王叶彻底想通。
"We've changed enough, so it's up to the big guys to do it. My task is to remind and provide clues, my task is complete, now it's time for them to complete their own task. Wang Ye completely figured it out.
那可是撒尔曼大帝，还有“活”了两千年的老祖，给他们一点提示足够了，不能因为他们上辈子结局不理想，就认为他们能力不够。
That's Sahrman the Great, and the ancestors who have "lived" for two thousand years, it is enough to give them a little hint, and they can't think that they are not capable because they did not end well in their previous lives.
撒尔曼大帝最后会死亡或者说失踪，银月帝国最后导致灭亡，应该是多重因素累加在一起造成。
The Salman Emperor will eventually die or disappear, and the Silver Moon Empire will eventually lead to its demise, which should be caused by the combination of multiple factors.
女儿昏迷不醒，喜欢的人不喜欢自己还仇恨自己，撒尔曼相当于没有任何精神支柱，对生活也就没有了奋进心，他纵容撒埃德父子，无视身边发生的一切异样，甚至有种毁灭自己的倾向。
The daughter is unconscious, the people he likes don't like him and hate him, Salman is equivalent to not having any spiritual support, and he has no desire to forge ahead in life, he connived at Saeed father and son, ignoring everything that happened around him, and even had a tendency to destroy himself.
上辈子的大帝其实是在慢性自杀，他把时间和精力都花在救治女儿身上，对国事得过且过。
The emperor in his previous life was actually committing suicide slowly, and he spent his time and energy on saving his daughter, and he was able to get by with state affairs.
可能他也插手了陨星魔法学校灭亡事件，只为了得到那幅囚禁了兰道的魔画。
It may be that he also intervened in the destruction of the Falling Star School of Magic, just to get the magic painting that imprisoned Landau.
大帝释放出兰道，两人大战，也许两败俱伤，甚至两败俱亡。
如果两人没死，也许这时候有人出来暗杀大帝，还杀死了兰道。
这人得意之下，可能说出了雷木的真正身世。 This person was proud, and he may have told Lei Mu's true life experience.
撒尔曼则因此受到重重打击。 Salman was hit hard by this.
也许有人对雷木说了谎话，或让他看到了某些场景，让他误以为他的父母都是死在大帝手中——因为女儿和自己喜欢的人在一起了，大帝觉得被背叛了，就害死了自己的女儿和好友兰道。
Perhaps someone lied to Remu, or let him see certain scenes, making him mistakenly believe that his parents died at the hands of the Emperor - because his daughter was with the person he liked, the Emperor felt betrayed, and killed his daughter and his friend Landau.
而雷木可能为此去刺杀大帝。 And Lei Mu may go to assassinate the Emperor for this.
已经知道雷木身世的大帝很可能因为兰道和月琴的死亡心灰意冷，也可能觉得对不起这个孩子，就任由雷木杀死自己，还把帝位传给了他。
The Great Emperor, who already knew Lei Mu's background, was likely to be disheartened by the deaths of Lan Dao and Yueqin, or he might have felt sorry for this child, so he let Lei Mu kill himself and passed on the throne to him.
虽然这些都是王叶的推测，但不管对不对，至少说明想要弄死这位大帝，都得这位大帝自己想死才行。
Although these are Wang Ye's speculations, whether they are right or not, at least it shows that if you want to kill this emperor, you have to have this emperor himself want to die.
但这辈子，撒尔曼不但和兰道解开了心结，还知道了女儿昏迷的真相，知道有人在谋害他们，更知道雷木就是他的亲孙子，而女儿也许还有救。
But in this life, Salman not only untied the knot with Landau, but also knew the truth about his daughter's coma, knew that someone was plotting to kill them, and knew that Lei Mu was his own grandson, and his daughter might still be saved.
不管如何，知道这些的撒尔曼也相当于重生了，他获得了新的精神支柱。
In any case, Salman, who knew this, was also reborn, and he gained a new spiritual support.
他要为他的亲人和好友报仇，要为他的血脉讨回公道，要做雷木和王叶这两个孩子的靠山，他要做的事情还很多很多。
He wants to avenge his relatives and friends, seek justice for his bloodline, and be the backer of the two children, Lei Mu and Wang Ye, and he has a lot to do.
撒尔曼此时绝不会让自己倒下，更不会再放纵自己。 Salman would never let himself fall at this time, let alone indulge himself again.
一个有了勃勃生气，重新支棱起来，无论精神状态还是身体状况都上佳的第一帝王，谁敢小瞧他？
A first emperor who has been vigorous and re-energized, and who is in good mental and physical condition, who dares to underestimate him?
他王叶想着要报复撒缺德父子，要帮助雷木解脱守墓人身份。而撒尔曼大帝也在做同样的事，只不过两人用的方法不一样而已，但撒尔曼的效率一点都不慢，手段还更狠更毒辣。
He Wang Ye wanted to take revenge on Sakud and his son, and to help Lei Mu free himself from his identity as a tomb keeper. And Salman the Great is also doing the same thing, but the methods used by the two are different, but Salman's efficiency is not slow at all, and the methods are more ruthless and vicious.
“我们就是打辅助的。”王叶再次给自己定位。 "We're the ones who play auxiliary." Wang Ye positioned himself again.
他这辈子的主要职责就是养娃养家养自己，再给一帮老家伙养老。
His main responsibility in this life is to raise a baby, support his family, support himself, and then provide for a group of old guys.
“顺便再给那些想要安息的亡灵超度。”王叶叹息，很无奈地爬起来。
"By the way, give the undead who want to rest in peace." Wang Ye sighed and got up helplessly.
今晚他是睡不着了，他的脑子必然会想很多，为了不让自己胡思乱想，最好就是让自己忙碌起来。
He couldn't sleep tonight, his mind was bound to think a lot, and in order not to let himself get cranky, it was best to keep himself busy.
去干活吧，好歹这份活计还有经验值和世界声望值拿。 Go to work, this job still has experience points and world reputation points.
“叶子，把我收进虫巢，和我建立精神联系。”雷木忽然和他传音。
"Leaf, take me into the hive and establish a spiritual connection with me." Lei Mu suddenly communicated to him.
王叶一愣，但还是按照雷木吩咐，把花盆收进虫巢。 Wang Ye was stunned for a moment, but still followed Lei Mu's instructions and put the flower pot into the insect nest.
变成小芽芽的雷木被围观了，还有那个龙头骨花盆。 Lei Mu, who turned into a small bud, was watched, and there was the dragon head bone flower pot.
围观者有亡灵、有机械蜘蛛、有小树人，还有一大群虫子。
Onlookers include undead, mechanical spiders, little treants, and a whole bunch of bugs.
小云特别凶地不让疯药王碰触小芽芽，还让大家看归看，不准靠太近，还不准发出太大声音。
在雷木进入虫巢的同时，一直在沉睡的生命之树忽然摇了摇树叶。
闻笛的眼皮也抖了抖。 Wendi's eyelids trembled.
“抓着我的手。”雷木再次传音。 "Hold my hand." Raimu transmitted again.
王叶盯着小嫩芽看，他要抓哪里？ Wang Ye stared at the little young sprout, where did he catch?
一道精神力延伸而出，握住了他的手。 A spiritual force stretched out and grabbed his hand.
“好了，你可以去做任何你想做的事情了。”雷木笑道。
"Okay, you can do whatever you want." Remu laughed.
王叶：“？” Wang Ye: "? ”
第317章 超度 Chapter 317: Excess
王叶回到了那个监牢。 Wang Ye returned to that prison.
龙骨意识看是他，就把他放进去了。 The keel consciousness saw that it was him, so he put him in.
监牢中的亡灵只要意识还清醒的，看到这小孩又跑回来了，都脸色不善地看着他。
The undead in the prison looked at him with unkind faces when they saw the child running back again.
这小崽子又想干什么？ What does this little cub want to do?
那团幽光飞过来：“你是来帮助我解脱的吗？” The ghostly light flew over: "Are you here to help me get free?" ”
“是。” "Yes."
幽光闪烁了一下，似乎是激动，又似乎是对于就此消失的小小无措。
The ghostly light flickered for a moment, as if excited, and as if at a loss for the sake of disappearing.
“是用雷电吗？”幽光有点担心地问。他觉得死在雷电下有点痛苦，希望速度能快点、威力能大点，最好让他什么都感觉不到。
"Is it thunder and lightning?" Ghostlight asked, a little worried. He felt a little painful to die under the thunder and lightning, and hoped that he could be faster and more powerful, and it was better that he would not feel anything.
王叶摇头：“不用雷电。对了，你死了超过四十九天吧？”
Wang Ye shook his head: "No need for thunder and lightning." By the way, you've been dead for more than forty-nine days, right? ”
“我虽然记不清自己的名字，也没有具体关于‘我’的记忆，但我应该死亡超过几百年了吧。”幽光对于最后一点很肯定。
"I can't remember my name, and I don't have a specific memory of 'me', but I must have been dead for more than a few hundred years." The ghost light is sure of this last point.
“那就好。我试试让你获得安息，如果你感觉到任何不妥，告诉我。”
"That's good. I'll try to give you rest, and if you feel anything wrong, let me know. ”
王叶抬起手，手指碰触到幽光，在心中默念：我想要超度这个亡灵，想要让他毫无痛苦地彻底消失，化作能量本源。
Wang Ye raised his hand, his fingers touched the ghostly light, and silently said in his heart: I want to transcend this undead, I want to make him completely disappear without pain and turn into an energy source.
【生死轮回】施展。 [Cycle of Life and Death] cast.
因果之力传递到幽光身上。 The power of cause and effect is transmitted to the ghostly light.
幽光在这一刹那间忽然捡回了他丢失的所有记忆，他想起了过去的一切。
In this instant, the ghost light suddenly retrieved all his lost memories, and he remembered everything from the past.
可无论是喜悦还是愤怒，是悲痛还是不甘，都那么淡淡的，就像是在看别人的一生。
But whether it is joy or anger, grief or unwillingness, it is so faint, like looking at someone else's life.
他已经死了，他想要安息，他可以化作能量本源，一切都会重新开始。
He's dead, he wants to rest, he can turn into a source of energy, and everything will start again.
他已经毫无留恋。 He has no attachment anymore.
幽光解脱地露出笑脸。 The ghostly light smiled in relief.
“谢谢……” "Thank you......"
幽光散开，成为无数光点升上天空回归天地。 The ghostly light dispersed, becoming countless points of light that rose to the sky and returned to heaven and earth.
幽光最后那声解脱又放松地叹息，囚牢中许多亡灵都听到了。
The last sigh of relief and relaxation of the ghostly light was heard by many of the undead in the prison.
他们还看到了幽光最后形成的清晰人影，以及那升上天空的光点。
They also saw the last clear figure of the ghostly light, and the point of light that rose into the sky.
让光点升上天空，离开地宫，是王叶特别做出的举动。 Letting the point of light rise into the sky and leave the underground palace was a special move made by Wang Ye.
他想这里的亡灵大概并不想要自己死后化成的能量本源留在这里，所以他把幽光化作的本源能量送出了地宫。
He thought that the undead here probably didn't want the energy source he turned into after death to stay here, so he sent the source energy that the ghost light turned into out of the dungeon.
但这意外创造出了“灵魂升天”的异象。 But this accident created the vision of the "ascension of the soul".
就连地宫外面都有人看到了。 Even outside the dungeon, someone saw it.
祭祀宫殿那边，几名侍卫惊讶地抬头看着天空。 On the side of the sacrificial palace, several guards looked up at the sky in surprise.
就在刚才，他们看到地宫西面突然升出一道光影，那光影像是一个人，那人在并不刺眼的光芒中逐渐升向天空，最后变成一片光点四散而去。
Just now, they saw a light and shadow suddenly rise from the west of the underground palace, and the light image was a person, who gradually rose to the sky in a non-dazzling light, and finally turned into a point of light and scattered away.
这幕场景有点诡异，但没有人感到惧怕，反而都觉得十分美丽，而且还有一种奇妙的心安感。
The scene was a little weird, but no one was afraid, but they all felt very beautiful, and there was a wonderful sense of peace of mind.
“那是什么？” "What's that?"
“宝物的宝光？” "The treasure of the treasure?"
“不像是，那看起来更像是一个人。” "It's not like it, it looks more like a person."
“是超凡者的能力吗？” "Is it the power of the transcendental?"
“先报上去吧。” "Let's report it first."
地宫监牢中，王叶低头看着自己的手。 In the prison of the underground palace, Wang Ye looked down at his hands.
就在刚刚，他获得了系统奖励的一千点经验值和一点世界声望值。
Just now, he received a thousand experience points and one world reputation point as a reward from the system.
但比起这个，他的技能变化更让他在意。 But more than that, he cares more about the change in his skills.
【生死轮回】技能后面突然多出了一个数字[1]。 [Cycle of Life and Death] skill suddenly has an extra number [1] after the skill.
相关说明也改变了，变成：复活技能，需要逐个施展，复活非玩家生命每次使用需要消耗十点功德值，对同一对象第二次施展本技能需要十倍功德值，第三次百倍，以此类推。死亡超过四十九天无效，身体损害严重以及没有身体也无效。可超度亡灵，每超度一名亡灵，让其安息，可获得一点功德值。
The instructions have also changed, becoming: resurrection skills, which need to be cast one by one, resurrecting non-player lives requires ten merit points for each use, and the second time this skill is cast on the same object, it takes ten times the merit for the third time, and so on. Death is not valid for more than forty-nine days, as is serious bodily injury and absence of physical injury. You can overtake the undead, and for each undead who is exceeded, let them rest in peace, you can get a little merit points.
看来那个方括号中的1就是一点功德值了。 It seems that the 1 in that square bracket is a little merit.
但更让王叶欢欣鼓舞的是，这个技能真的可以复活非玩家以外的生命！
But what makes Wang Ye even more happy is that this skill can really resurrect lives other than non-players!
虽说他要超度十个亡灵，才能实际救活一条非玩家生命。同一对象的多次复活还有一定限制。
Although he would have to surpass ten undead in order to actually save a non-player life. There is a limit to how many resurrections the same subject can be.
但这可是真正能让死人复活的技能，他还能奢求更多吗？
But this is the real skill that can bring the dead back to life, and can he ask for more?
为了能保证以后随时都有救活自己人的可能，他一定要多多存储一些功德值。
In order to ensure that there is a possibility of saving his own people at any time in the future, he must store more merit points.
此刻，王叶对于帮助亡灵安息这个任务出现了前所未有的热情。
At this moment, Wang Ye was more enthusiastic about the task of helping the undead rest in peace.
“诸位亡灵大佬，还有谁想要安息的，请到我这里报名排队，无痛苦、速度快、确保灵魂安详、彻底脱离控制，代价……”王叶原本想说不要钱，他免费超度。
"Fellow undead bosses, if anyone else wants to rest in peace, please come to me and sign up for the queue, no pain, fast, ensure that the soul is peaceful, completely out of control, and the price is ......" Wang Ye originally wanted to say that he didn't want money, he spent it for free.
但他忽然想到，世人大多认为免费活动会有陷阱，或服务质量不好，他如果免费，那些亡灵大佬说不定还得多思多想，还不如收费，等价交易也更能让这些亡灵大佬们放心。
But it suddenly occurred to him that most people in the world think that free activities will have traps, or the quality of service is not good, if he is free, those undead bosses may have to think more, it is better to charge, and the equivalent transaction can also make these undead bosses more reassured.
考虑到不是所有亡灵都有随身财物，王叶说道：“代价任意，只要价值超过一枚一级魔晶。本次是特价优惠，因为我哥雷木脱离守墓人身份，我想找点事庆祝，超过这次优惠期，以后就需要一百枚一级魔晶。如果连一级魔晶也没有的，可以写欠条让你的后代付款。”
Considering that not all undead have belongings, Wang Ye said: "The price is arbitrary, as long as it is worth more than a first-class magic crystal. This is a special offer, because my brother Lei Mu is out of the identity of the grave keeper, I want to find something to celebrate, beyond this promotion period, I will need a hundred first-level magic crystals in the future. If you don't even have a first-level magic crystal, you can write an IOU for your descendants to pay. ”
这个欠条他不会去收，如此因果上他就赚了。 He won't take this IOU, so he earns it in causality.
因果上让别人多欠他一点，总比他欠别人好。至于谁欠他的，也没必要细究，说不定在什么时候什么地方，这份因果就会还回来。
It is better to make others owe him a little more in cause and effect than to owe them others. As for who owes him, there is no need to delve into it, maybe when and where, this cause and effect will be returned.
王叶现在因果技能用多了，也知道这能力的尿性了。 Wang Ye has used a lot of causal skills now, and he also knows the urine nature of this ability.
“只要一个魔晶？”大约那团幽光升天时的景象很是诱惑，终于还是有亡灵心动了。
"Just a magic crystal?" The sight of the spectre ascending to heaven was very tempting, and finally the hearts of the dead were moved.
这可不是雷击火烧，而且还能彻底脱离魔族和地宫控制，再也不用反反复复日夜受到痛苦折磨，还特价优惠，这时候不赶紧去报名，还要等到什么时候？
This is not a lightning strike, and it can completely get out of the control of the demon clan and the underground palace, and there is no longer a need to be tormented day and night repeatedly, and there are special discounts, if you don't sign up at this time, when will you wait?
“对，只要一个魔晶！你买不了吃亏买不了上当，本日特价优惠，机不可失失不再来~”
"Yes, just a magic crystal! You can't buy it, you can't be fooled, today's special offer, don't miss the opportunity and don't come again~"
一个魔晶，大约就是他施展一次【生死轮回】技能的消耗，这个消耗意外的少，还能获得功德值，简直就好像技能本身也希望他能多多超度亡灵。
A magic crystal is about the consumption of his [Reincarnation of Life and Death] skill, which is unexpectedly small, and he can also obtain merit points, as if the skill itself also hopes that he can surpass the undead.
第二名想要安息的亡灵意识很清醒，他早就想要安息，并多次自杀，可不管怎么折磨自己，他总是无法让自己消散，他觉得他的清醒可能保持不了多久了，可他并不想变成一个疯子。
The second undead who wanted to rest in peace was very conscious, he had long wanted to rest in peace, and committed suicide many times, but no matter how he tortured himself, he could not let himself dissipate, he felt that his sobriety might not last long, but he did not want to become a madman.
如果不能靠吞噬灵魂变成强者，那么他宁可彻底消失。 If he can't become a strong man by devouring souls, then he would rather disappear completely.
这位亡灵大佬大概是实力强盛，变成无数光点升天时的景象更加夸张，那光芒老远就能看到。
This undead boss is probably strong, and the scene when he becomes countless points of light ascending to heaven is even more exaggerated, and the light can be seen from afar.
监牢中的亡灵，包括意识不清醒的都在抬头看着那突破监牢、突破地宫的光芒飞快地升向天空并四散开来。
The undead in the prison, including those who were unconscious, looked up at the light that broke through the prison and the dungeon, quickly rising into the sky and scattering.
外面，发现这个异象的人也越来越多，就算是深夜，也有不少人从祭祀宫殿里走出来。
Outside, more and more people discovered this vision, and even in the middle of the night, many people came out of the sacrificial palace.
撒尔曼大帝听到禀报，也出现在了屋顶。 When Salman the Great heard the news, he also appeared on the roof.
就在人们以为这种异象已经消失，不会再出现时。 Just when people thought that the vision was gone and would not appear again.
人形光芒再度升起。
忽然，不知是谁哭叫了一声：“祖爷爷！那是我祖爷爷！你们看他的额头！”
Suddenly, I don't know who cried: "Grandpa! That's my grandfather! Look at his forehead! ”
那道光芒竟然也低头看了眼那哭喊的撒家血脉，似乎笑了笑，还对他挥了挥手，又仰头往天空升去，直到光点四散，消失在无尽的天地间。
The light even looked down at the crying Sajia bloodline, seemed to smile, waved his hand at him, and raised his head to the sky, until the light scattered and disappeared into the endless heaven and earth.
一道又一道人形光芒从墓地升起，飞向天空。 One humanoid ray after another rose from the cemetery and flew into the sky.
这样的奇景几乎把来祭祀的沉睡的人们都唤醒了。 Such a spectacle almost woke up the sleeping people who came to worship.
祭祀宫殿屋外站满了人，大家都仰头看着天空，看着墓地西边。
The sacrificial palace was full of people standing outside the house, and everyone looked up at the sky and looked to the west of the cemetery.
也许人都有从众心理，亡灵也是人转变的，看到越来越多的亡灵升天离开了监牢，其他亡灵也都坐不住了。
Maybe people have a herd mentality, and the undead are also transformed by people, seeing more and more undead ascending to heaven and leaving the prison, other undead can't sit still.
王叶面前很快排起了长队。 A long queue quickly formed in front of Wang Ye.
来寻求安息的亡灵们大多都没有随身财物，他们都被关在监牢里了，又哪里有随身财物。
Most of the undead who came to seek rest had no belongings, they were all locked up in prison, and they had no belongings.
但他们能葬入撒家地宫，大多都还是有些陪葬物的。 But they can be buried in the Sajia underground palace, and most of them still have some burial objects.
他们告诉王叶，他们的尸体在地宫什么位置，大方的亡灵允许王叶随便从他的陪葬物中拿取报酬，小气的也会允许王叶拿取一魔晶等价值的物品。
They told Wang Ye where their bodies were in the dungeon, and the generous undead allowed Wang Ye to take any payment from his burial goods, and the stingy ones would also allow Wang Ye to take an item of equal value such as a magic crystal.
实在没有陪葬物，也不知道自己尸体在哪里的，就打欠条，让后代或亲属还债。
If they really don't have a burial object and don't know where their body is, they make an IOU and ask their descendants or relatives to pay off their debts.
没有亲属的，那就找曾经欠过自己债的朋友或仇家。 If you don't have relatives, then find friends or enemies who have been in debt to you.
王叶忙活了大半夜，等他面前再也没有亡灵排队，他才发现这座监牢已经空了大半。
Wang Ye was busy for most of the night, and when there were no more undead queuing in front of him, he found that the prison was already half empty.
剩下的没到他面前排队的，都是意识不清醒的亡灵。 The rest of the people who didn't line up in front of him were unconscious undead.
奇怪的是，他竟然一点都不觉得累，还觉得精神满满。 Strangely, he didn't feel tired at all, and he felt full of energy.
尤其当他看到生死轮回技能后面跟着的功德值已经达到71点，他嘴都要笑歪了。
Especially when he saw that the merit value followed by the reincarnation of life and death skill had reached 71 points, his mouth was about to smile crookedly.
71点功德值，这可是等于七条命！ 71 merit points, that's equal to seven lives!
但王叶可不会满足于71点功德值，他主动来到了那些意识不清醒的亡灵面前。
But Wang Ye was not satisfied with 71 merit points, he took the initiative to come to those unconscious undead.
感谢这些囚室，把这些意识不清醒的疯狂亡灵都分离开来。
不过超度需要他实际接触到这些亡灵的精神体，王叶只能进入虫巢，隐身悄悄靠近这些疯狂的亡灵，偷偷把自己的手指碰触到疯狂亡灵。
先用【源清流净】净化该亡灵，让对方意识能稍微清醒一点。
再询问对方想不想安息。
虽然王叶可以直接超度对方，但他想，如果他陷入疯狂状态，他不一定想要就此安息，所以还是问一问本人意愿比较好。
有些亡灵恢复了少许清明，听说可以获得安息，几乎是迫不及待地想要被超度。
但也有些亡灵并不甘心就这么消失，他们有的怀有深切的仇恨，有的只是不甘。
But there are also some undead who are not willing to disappear like this, some of them harbor deep hatred, and some of them are just unwilling.
王叶还遇到一个恢复了一些意识的疯狂亡灵委托他帮他报仇。
Wang Ye also encountered a crazy undead who had regained some consciousness and entrusted him with helping him avenge him.
直到王叶委婉地表示，根据他死去的时间来计算，他的仇家基本也不可能活着了。
Until Wang Ye euphemistically said that according to the time of his death, it was basically impossible for his enemy to live.
可这个亡灵却表示就算他的仇家死了，还可以报复仇家的后代和他所有亲戚的后代，总之，他要他仇家一脉和相关者都死、都活得痛苦，才能算报仇。
But this undead said that even if his enemy died, he could still avenge the descendants of the avenger and the descendants of all his relatives, in short, he wanted his enemy and related people to die and live in pain before he could take revenge.
该亡灵还不断诅咒那个仇家和仇家的后代，原本清醒一些的意识很快又陷入疯狂。
The undead continued to curse the enemy and his descendants, and his consciousness, which had been more sober, soon fell into madness again.
对于这种偏执到极点的亡灵，王叶没再问他本人的意愿，直接强行超度了。
For this kind of paranoid undead, Wang Ye didn't ask his own wishes again, and directly forcibly exceeded it.
这是他强行超度的第一个亡灵。 This was the first undead he forcibly overstated.
对方在【生死轮回】技能下再次清醒过来，这次他回忆起了更多事情，他脸上还是有不甘和愤怒，这个人大概本性就有问题，他甚至嘴唇嗡动地咒骂王叶，直到他的记忆被洗清，灵魂化作能量本源，回归天地。
The other party came to his senses again under the [Reincarnation of Life and Death] skill, this time he recalled more things, there was still unwillingness and anger on his face, this person probably had a problem with his nature, he even cursed Wang Ye with his lips buzzing, until his memory was washed away, and his soul turned into an energy source and returned to heaven and earth.
王叶看技能后面的功德值增加了一点，就明白功德值认可强行超度。
Wang Ye saw that the merit value behind the skill had increased a little, and he understood that the merit value was recognized and forcibly exceeded.
王叶挑挑眉，也不知道是所有强行超度都有功德值，还是这个想要波及无辜者的亡灵是特例？
Wang Ye raised his eyebrows, and he didn't know if all forcible excesses had merit points, or if this undead spirit who wanted to affect innocents was a special case?
当晚，很多人一夜没睡，都在看亡灵超度产生的异象。 That night, many people stayed up all night, watching the vision of the undead being overborn.
一开始，人们还不知道这是亡灵被超度的场景，但看着一个又一个已经死去的先人变成光芒飞向天空，来祭祀的众人逐渐意识到了什么。
At first, people didn't know that this was the scene of the undead being overpowered, but watching the dead ancestors turn into light and fly into the sky, the people who came to worship gradually realized something.
人们双手自然交握放在胸前，神情自然而然变得宁静。 People naturally clasp their hands together in front of their chests, and their expressions naturally become calm.
有些人还低喃着什么，像是在乞求祖先保佑，又像是在祝福先人获得安息。
Some people are still muttering something, as if they are begging for the blessing of their ancestors, and as if they are blessing their ancestors to rest in peace.
“他们脱困了。”撒尔曼像是在和谁低语。 "They're out of trouble." Salman seemed to be whispering to someone.
“我去看了，是那个小家伙，他似乎有办法让被困的亡灵们得到真正的安息。真是一个特殊的小家伙，我现在明白，你为什么要也给他继承权了。”撒特伦的声音在撒尔曼耳中响起。
"I went to see it, and it was the little guy who seemed to have a way of giving the trapped undead a true rest. What a special little fellow, and I now understand why you want to give him the inheritance too. Satron's voice rang in Salman's ears.
撒尔曼嘴唇微微勾起。 Salman's lips curled slightly.
“明天祭祀大典过后，我也会去找他。儿子，以后的路，你要自己走了。”撒特伦轻叹。
"Tomorrow after the sacrifice ceremony, I will also go to him. Son, you have to go on your own way. Satlon sighed.
撒尔曼：“你以前也没出现和我一起走。明天我就不去送你了，毕竟我已经送过你一趟。”
Salman: "You didn't show up to walk with me before. I'm not going to send you tomorrow, after all, I've already sent you off. ”
撒特伦：“……撒洛特消失，祭坛被毁，但契约并没有消失。以后你死了，仍旧会被困在地宫。”
Satron: "...... Salotte disappeared and the altar was destroyed, but the contract did not. If you die, you'll still be trapped in the dungeon. ”
撒尔曼微笑：“没事，小叶子还小，又不是撒家血脉，他肯定能活得比我久远得多，等我死了，我就让他给我解脱。说不定那时候小叶子和雷木能把那个魔族彻底干掉，嗯，就是为了这个，我也会坚持活到那时候的。”
Salman smiled: "It's okay, Xiao Yezi is still young, and he is not of Sajia blood, he will definitely be able to live much longer than me, and when I die, I will let him free me." Maybe Xiao Yezi and Lei Mu will be able to completely kill that demon at that time, well, it's for this, and I will insist on living until then. ”
感觉自己被炫耀了一脸的撒特伦转身就走。反正该交代的事他已经交代完了。
Feeling like he was being shown off, Thattron turned and left. Anyway, he has already explained what should be explained.
撒尔曼低笑出声。 Salman chuckled.
撒老祖和象夫人自然也注意到异象，实际上在王叶开始超度第三个亡灵开始，他们就站在王叶附近，但他们没有出现，就那么默默看着。
Sa Lao Zu and Lady Elephant naturally also noticed the vision, in fact, when Wang Ye began to surpass the third undead, they stood near Wang Ye, but they did not appear, so they watched silently.
象夫人眼眶微红，仰头看着升天而去的光点，轻声感叹：“真美啊。”
Madame Elephant's eyes were slightly red, she looked up at the point of light that ascended to heaven, and sighed softly: "It's so beautiful." ”
“是啊，没想到这小家伙还会这一手。夫人，我有种感觉，似乎这孩子改变了我们撒家的命运呢。”撒老祖呢喃。
"yes, I didn't expect this little guy to do this. Madame, I have the feeling that this child has changed the fate of our family. "Sa Old Ancestor muttered.
象夫人没有回声，但她的神情足以说明一切。 Madame Elephant didn't respond, but her expression spoke for itself.
一个晚上，整个监牢都空了，再也没有一个亡灵留下。 One night, the entire prison was empty, and there was not a single undead soul left.
第318章 祭祀大典 Chapter 318: Sacrificial Ceremony
清晨，太阳还没有完全升起，按理这时祭祀宫殿群应该灯火全明。
In the early morning, when the sun has not yet fully risen, it stands to reason that the sacrificial palace complex should be fully lit at this time.
可奇特的是，实际上灯光少得可怜。 Strangely, there are actually very few lights.
但祭祀大殿外面的广场上已经站满了黑压压的人群。 But the square outside the sacrificial hall was already full of black crowds.
早在四点左右，所有参与祭祀的人员都出来了。 As early as about four o'clock, all the people involved in the sacrifice came out.
深夜发生的奇景，让人们自然地聚集到这里，那么多人却没有发出多少嘈杂的声音。
The spectacle that happened in the middle of the night made people naturally gather here, and so many people did not make much noise.
大家就像生怕惊动什么，又像是怕点起太多灯火会看不清楚祖先升天的奇景，除了必要的指路灯，整个宫殿群再也没有多余的灯火。
Everyone seemed to be afraid of alarming something, and as if they were afraid that they would not be able to see the wonders of their ancestors' ascension to heaven if they lit too many lights, except for the necessary guiding lights, there were no extra lights in the entire palace complex.
随着庄严的钟声响起，人群按照指示分成数列。 As the solemn bell rang out, the crowd divided into several columns as instructed.
祭祀大殿建造在高高的台阶中段，四面通透，从台阶继续往上，走到山顶就是祭祀天地和祖先的祭台。
The main hall of worship is built in the middle of a high staircase, which is transparent on all sides, and from the steps you continue to go up, to the top of the mountain is the altar where you worship heaven and earth and ancestors.
撒尔曼大帝的身影出现在祭祀大殿中。 The figure of Salman the Great appears in the sacrificial hall.
广场众人连同士兵们齐齐行礼。 The crowd in the square, along with the soldiers, saluted in unison.
二十四名宫廷魔法师身穿纯黑色祭袍，外披白纱，头戴高高的黑色帽子，在庄严的乐声中，沉默地从人群中走出，走到祭祀大殿前的台阶上。
Twenty-four court magicians, dressed in pure black robes, white veils, and tall black hats, walked out of the crowd in silence to the solemn music and walked to the steps in front of the sacrificial hall.
接下来就是一段繁琐的祭祀礼仪。 What follows is a tedious ritual of sacrifice.
以往，真没有多少人喜欢参加祭祀大典，整个过程只能用一句话形容：太折磨人。
In the past, not many people really liked to participate in the sacrificial ceremony, and the whole process could only be described in one sentence: it was too torturous.
从前一天晚上开始就什么都不能吃，只能喝水，早上两三点就要起来，净身沐浴，穿上传统的祭祀礼袍，身上不能有任何华美的装饰，女性也只能淡妆。
From the night before, they were not allowed to eat anything, but to drink water, and they had to get up at two or three o'clock in the morning, bathe themselves, put on traditional sacrificial robes, and have no fancy decorations on their bodies, and women had to wear light makeup.
四点就要集合，站在寒风中一直等到祭祀规定的时间到来，一般都是太阳升起前的半个小时。
At four o'clock, they gather and stand in the cold wind until the time specified for the sacrifice comes, which is usually half an hour before the sun rises.
饿着肚子，还得站在广场中听着听不懂的祭词和祷词，观看不好看的祭祀之舞，耳听不好听的祭祀之乐，然后必要时还得弯腰行礼。最后还得爬山，爬不动也要爬。
When you are hungry, you have to stand in the square and listen to unintelligible sacrifices and prayers, watch the unsightly sacrificial dances, listen to the unpleasant music of the sacrificial music, and then bend down to bow when necessary. In the end, you have to climb the mountain, and you have to climb if you can't climb it.
整个过程根据帝王的心情，一般长达两到三个小时，加上等待的时间，最少也是四个小时起步。如果祭祀过程中要处理某些重大事情，那花的时间会更长。
Depending on the mood of the emperor, the whole process generally lasts for two to three hours, plus the waiting time, and the minimum is four hours. If there are important things to deal with during the sacrifice, it will take longer.
这对绝大多数贵族和没有锻炼过的普通人来说，就是一场折磨。
This is a torture for the vast majority of nobles and ordinary people who have not been trained.
可这次祭祀，几乎所有人都心甘情愿，并满心虔诚。 But this sacrifice, almost everyone was willing and full of piety.
就连那庄严肃穆的礼乐声都变得特别触动心灵，似乎那一刻你的心与祖先、与这连绵的群山、与天地，都连在了一起。
Even the solemn sound of the music has become particularly touching to the heart, as if at that moment your heart is connected with your ancestors, with the mountains, with the heaven and the earth.
听不懂的祷词在半空飘荡，牵引着什么。 Unintelligible prayers floated in the air, pulling something.
几乎像是感觉不到一般，一个小时的祭祀之礼悄然而过。
Almost as if it was not felt, an hour of sacrifice passed quietly.
不知不觉间，天空变得明亮。 Before you know it, the sky is bright.
庄严肃穆的礼乐声突然一变，变成了激烈昂扬的战鼓声。
The solemn sound of the salute suddenly changed into the fierce and high-spirited sound of war drums.
这是银月帝国的特色，银月崇尚武力、渴望强大，包括音乐也更多是激昂的声调。
This is the characteristic of the Silvermoon Empire, which advocates force and desires to be powerful, including the music is more of a rousing tone.
众人听到战鼓声，精神一振。 When everyone heard the sound of war drums, their spirits lifted.
通常祭祀大典中响起这样的战鼓声，都表示国王或帝王有重大事情宣布。
Usually such war drums are sounded during the rituals, indicating that the king or emperor has something important to announce.
站在台阶上的二十四名魔法师陡然分成两列，他们像是在迎接谁。
The twenty-four magicians standing on the steps suddenly split into two columns, as if they were greeting someone.
而站在大殿中央的撒尔曼大帝也向前走了两步，面对所有人，缓慢却极为清晰地说道：
And Salman the Great, who was standing in the center of the main hall, also took two steps forward, and said slowly but very clearly in front of everyone:
“早在半年前，我就已经向全帝国宣布，我有了两名正式的继承人。他们分别叫撒坦雷木，和……王叶。”
"Half a year ago, I announced to the whole empire that I had two official heirs. And they were called Satanreim, and ...... Wang Ye. ”
撒尔曼知道王叶的真实姓名，他原本是要说雷叶，可最后说出来的却是王叶。
Salman knew Wang Ye's real name, and he originally wanted to say Lei Ye, but in the end it was Wang Ye who came out.
等说出来后，他心神一震，冥冥中他感觉王叶这个名字似乎与银月帝国、与他都形成了某种联系，又像是打破了什么。
After saying it, his heart was shocked, and in the dark he felt that the name Wang Ye seemed to have formed some kind of connection with the Silver Moon Empire and him, and it seemed to have broken something.
那是一种非常奇怪的感觉，就好像他遇到过类似的场景，一切都像是曾经发生过，但是当他报出王叶这个名字时，那种似曾相似感就突然消失了，有什么被改变了，他也突然变得特别清醒。
It was a very strange feeling, as if he had encountered a similar scene, everything seemed to have happened before, but when he reported the name Wang Ye, that sense of déjà vu suddenly disappeared, something had changed, and he suddenly became very conscious.
包括雷木的名字，他本来只想说撒坦，但不知为何，他觉得这个名字不太吉利，而单独叫雷木也不好，他索性就把这两个名字连在一起，当做雷木的正式名字叫出。
Including Lei Mu's name, he originally only wanted to say Satan, but for some reason, he felt that this name was not very auspicious, and it was not good to call Lei Mu alone, so he simply connected the two names together and called them as Lei Mu's official name.
广场中的众人虽然奇怪另一名继承人雷叶怎么改了姓名，不过这并不重要，不管他原本叫什么，他现在就是王叶，也是银月帝国承认的继承人之一。
Although everyone in the square wondered how the other heir, Lei Ye, had changed his name, it didn't matter, no matter what his original name was, he was now Wang Ye, and one of the heirs recognized by the Silver Moon Empire.
而撒坦雷木的名字也比较奇怪，不过这也不重要。 And the name of Satanremu is strange, but it doesn't matter.
重要的是大帝拿出了一个卷轴，打开。 The important thing is that the Great took out a scroll and opened it.
所有人都知道那就是皇室血脉谱，但并不是你是皇室血脉就一定能出现在那个卷轴上，你得得到当代帝王的认可。
Everyone knows that it is the royal bloodline, but it is not that you are the royal bloodline that will necessarily appear on that scroll, you have to be recognized by the current emperor.
撒尔曼亲自更改了雷木的名字，写成撒坦雷木，又在同一行，他名下第三代位置加上了王叶的名字。
Salman personally changed the name of Lei Mu and wrote it as Satan Lei Mu, and on the same line, he added the name of Wang Ye to the third generation of his name.
卷轴封印。 Scroll seal.
等下这卷轴还要献上祭台，给祖先和天地过目，如果没有异常状况发生，就表示祖先和天地都认可了这两名新继承人。
Later, this scroll will be offered to the altar for the ancestors and the heavens and the earth, and if nothing abnormal happens, it means that the ancestors and the heavens and the earth have approved the two new heirs.
撒尔曼收起卷轴，再度伸手：“今天，这两个孩子将和我一起祭祀祖先、祭拜天地。雷木，小叶子，到我身边来。”
Salman put away the scroll and stretched out his hand again: "Today, these two children will join me in sacrificing to our ancestors and worshipping heaven and earth. Thunderwood, little leaf, come to me. ”
王叶原本以为他只要在祭祀大典上露个脸就行，可没想到他刚从地下监牢里出来，就被两位老祖揪住，把他带到了地面上的祭祀宫殿，塞给了撒尔曼。
Wang Ye originally thought that he only needed to show his face at the sacrificial ceremony, but he didn't expect that as soon as he came out of the underground prison, he was grabbed by the two ancestors, took him to the sacrificial palace on the ground, and stuffed it to Salman.
大帝看到王叶特别高兴，他拉着王叶东问西问，主要是问雷木的生命之树血脉，并为雷木高兴和自豪。老祖跟他提了雷木的事。
The Great Emperor was very happy to see Wang Ye, and he pulled Wang Ye to ask questions from east to west, mainly to ask about the bloodline of Lei Mu's Tree of Life, and to be happy and proud of Lei Mu. The old ancestor mentioned to him about Lei Mu.
王叶不得不把花盆抱出来给想看孙子的大帝看了看。 Wang Ye had to take the flower pot out and show it to the emperor who wanted to see his grandson.
大帝抱着花盆就舍不得撒手。 The emperor was reluctant to let go while holding the flower pot.
王叶耍赖说雷木只有在他这儿才能长得好，说他的能量对雷木生长有特殊好处，差点打滚撒泼才让大帝保证等会儿就把雷木还给他。
Wang Ye said that Lei Mu could only grow well with him, saying that his energy had special benefits for Lei Mu's growth, and he almost rolled and splashed before the Emperor promised to return Lei Mu to him later.
大帝为此狠狠惩罚了王小叶。 The emperor severely punished Wang Xiaoye for this.
王叶认为那就是惩罚，不过洗个澡、换个衣服而已，竟然就那么折腾人！
Wang Ye thinks that it is punishment, but it is just a shower and a change of clothes, and it is so tormenting!
洗澡的过程就不说了，里面竟然真的有花瓣，还好多，香得他直打喷嚏。
Not to mention the process of bathing, there are really flower petals in it, and there are so many that he sneezes straight away.
更不可理喻的是，就穿个衣服，打理一下外形，竟然就花了整整半个小时。
What's even more unreasonable is that it took half an hour to put on a dress and take care of the appearance.
半个小时啊，对于一个超凡者来说，一个小魔法就能把衣服全部穿上，用时顶多不超过五秒好不好？
Half an hour, for a transcendent person, a little magic can put on all the clothes, and it doesn't take more than five seconds at most, okay?
就那么短的头发，那些宫廷侍女都能在他脑袋上折腾出二十几种花样。
With such short hair, those court maids could toss more than two dozen patterns on his head.
如果不是有魔法，半个小时根本不够用！ If it weren't for magic, half an hour wouldn't be enough!
还有衣服和鞋子，包括配饰，那是换了一套又一套。 There were also clothes and shoes, including accessories, which were changed one set after another.
王叶都不知道撒尔曼什么时候按照他的身材给他做了那么多套衣服鞋袜和饰品。
Wang Ye didn't know when Salman made so many sets of clothes, shoes, socks and accessories for him according to his figure.
最后王叶都要恼火了，大帝才从他换的那么多套衣服中挑出一套，包括饰品一起，让侍女给他穿戴好。
In the end, Wang Ye was going to be annoyed, so the emperor picked out one of the many sets of clothes he had changed, including accessories, and asked the maid to dress him well.
不得不说，大帝的眼光还是很不错的。 I have to say that the emperor's vision is still very good.
以黑色、银色和深红色为主的服饰包括饰品，穿到身上特别精神。
The costumes, which are mainly black, silver and crimson, include accessories, and they are particularly spiritual to wear.
侍女们还给王叶的短发接了一些细软的金属丝，非常细，隐藏在头发中，隐隐发光，确实很好看，把王叶大约五分的容貌衬托成了七分。
The maids also connected some fine soft wires to Wang Ye's short hair, which were very thin, hidden in the hair, faintly glowing, and really beautiful, setting off Wang Ye's appearance of about five points into seven points.
王叶为此给大帝送了好大一个白眼。 Wang Ye gave the emperor a big white eye for this.
大帝哈哈大笑着离开，他想把花盆偷偷抱走，被王叶扑上去抢回来了。
The Emperor laughed and left, he wanted to take the flower pot away secretly, but Wang Ye pounced on it and snatched it back.
侍候的侍女们心里万分惊讶，同时也对这个小孩的受宠程度有了一个新的认识。
The waiting maids were amazed, and at the same time had a new understanding of how favored this child was.
只大帝亲自帮小孩挑选衣服，还不怕麻烦地陪了半个小时，就足够让侍女们惊讶的了。虽然过程中，大帝好像对怀里抱着的花盆里的那棵小芽芽更感兴趣。
Only the emperor personally helped the child choose clothes, and he was not afraid of trouble for half an hour, which was enough to surprise the maids. Although in the process, the emperor seemed to be more interested in the small bud in the flower pot he was holding in his arms.
而小孩对大帝那么不敬，说话也那么随意，可大帝不但不生气，反而还那么高兴，看小孩的目光任谁都能看出其中的快乐。
And the child was so disrespectful to the emperor and spoke so casually, but the emperor was not only not angry, but was so happy, anyone could see the happiness in the child's gaze.
是的，不是宠溺，而是快乐。 Yes, not pampered, but happy.
大帝显然很享受和小孩待在一起的时间。 The Emperor clearly enjoyed spending time with his children.
侍女和侍者们对王叶更加恭敬。 The maids and attendants were even more respectful to Wang Ye.
但王叶像是没感觉出来一样，他还跟雷木传音嘀咕：“大帝太浪费了，这些衣服我能穿几次？小孩长得又快，他做这么多套衣服，等于要浪费大半。还有这些饰品……”
But Wang Ye didn't seem to feel it, and he muttered to Lei Mu Chuanyin: "The Great Emperor is too wasteful, how many times can I wear these clothes?" The child grows up fast, and he makes so many sets of clothes, which is equivalent to wasting most of it. And these ornaments......"
雷木：“不会浪费。我想，等会儿大典结束，大帝应该会把这些衣服饰品，还有给你的资源，都让你带走。包括我的。”
Raimu: "It won't be wasted. I think that when the ceremony is over, the emperor should let you take these clothes and accessories, as well as the resources for you, with you. Including mine. ”
王叶立刻就不嘀咕了，再看那些衣服和饰品，感觉也不一样了：“嗯，大帝品味还是不错的。”
Wang Ye immediately stopped muttering, and when he looked at those clothes and accessories again, he felt different: "Well, the emperor's taste is still good." ”
现实的小贪财鬼，雷木好笑地用精神力轻轻捏了捏王叶的耳朵。
The little greedy ghost of reality, Lei Mu laughingly used his mental power to gently pinch Wang Ye's ears.
大门推开，一个看起来特别英气逼人，不像王子，更像战士的酷帅雷木走了进来。
The door opened, and a cool and handsome Remu who looked particularly heroic, less like a prince and more like a warrior, walked in.
王叶眨眨眼睛。祖奶奶？ Wang Ye blinked. Grandma?
这个雷木对他微微一笑。 This Raimu smiled at him.
王叶捧心，这个雷木笑起来简直就是少女杀手！ Wang Ye is heartbroken, this Lei Mu is simply a girl killer when he laughs!
于是，走酷帅战士风的王子雷木，和走神秘风带着一点点邪气的王小叶，两人就在两队侍卫的保护下，如摩西分海一般从宫殿到广场，一步步走到台阶上，一直走到撒尔曼大帝面前。
So, the prince Lei Mu, who walked in the cool and handsome warrior style, and Wang Xiaoye, who walked in the mysterious wind with a little evil spirit, under the protection of the two teams of guards, walked from the palace to the square like Moses dividing the sea, step by step to the steps, and walked to the front of Salman the Great.
王叶怀里还抱着一个龙头骨花盆，这让他看起来更加与众不同。
Wang Ye was also holding a dragon head bone flower pot in his arms, which made him look even more different.
原本列队站在台阶两侧的宫廷魔法师中有人似乎认出了那花盆到底是什么，当即抽了一口凉气，看王叶的眼神都不同了。
Originally, some of the court magicians standing in line on both sides of the steps seemed to recognize what the flower pot was, and immediately took a cool breath, and looked at Wang Ye's eyes differently.
撒尔曼示意雷木和王叶面向广场中所有人，把两人正式介绍给众大臣、贵族和撒家血脉，尤其是他的重要将领。
Salman motioned for Lei Mu and Wang Ye to face everyone in the square, and formally introduced the two to the ministers, nobles, and Sajia bloodline, especially his important generals.
这次也是两位继承人第一次正式露面。 This is also the first official appearance of the two heirs.
雷木和王叶形象都不错，何况两人还精心打扮过。 Lei Mu and Wang Ye have good images, not to mention that the two of them have been carefully dressed up.
加上腹有诗书气自华，两人又都是有实力、对自己特别有自信的人，那精神气看起来也不一样。
In addition, they have poetry and books in their stomachs, and both of them are powerful and confident in themselves, so their spirits don't look the same.
甚至在众人眼中，两人的年龄差也刚刚好。 Even in the eyes of everyone, the age difference between the two is just right.
大的已经成年，就算大帝有什么事，也能随时继位。 The eldest one is already an adult, and even if the emperor has something, he can succeed to the throne at any time.
如果大的将来不成才或者出现其他问题，那还有一个小的能接上。
If the big one doesn't succeed in the future or there are other problems, then there is a small one that can be connected.
而且两个继承人明显都是超凡者，且两人在超凡者学校大赛中的表现早就传遍天下，听说这两个孩子是银月帝国继承人，天下不知多少人羡慕他们，众大臣、众将领和贵族们简直不能对两人更满意了。
And the two heirs are obviously transcendental, and the performance of the two in the transcendent school competition has long been spread all over the world, I heard that these two children are the heirs of the Silver Moon Empire, and there are not many people in the world who envy them, and the ministers, generals and nobles simply couldn't be more satisfied with the two.
撒埃德父子？ Saeed father and son?
哦，不好意思，他们已经把这对父子给忘了。贵族们的记性就是这么糟糕~
Oh, sorry, they've forgotten about father and son. That's how bad the memory of the nobles is~
小的那个没有撒家血脉？ The little one doesn't have the blood of the Sajia family?
拜托！不说这个小的是个超级天才，就看他身后那一溜师父，就问谁敢不承认他的帝国继承人位子？
Come on! Not to mention that this little one is a super genius, just look at the master behind him, and ask who dares not to recognize his position as the heir of the empire?
你敢吗？有种你当着他那一溜不是九级就是圣级师父的面，说你对他们的徒弟不满，说小孩不是撒家血脉就不能拥有帝国继承权云云，你看他那那些师父们会不会把你大牙都打掉。
Do you dare? There is a kind of person who sneaks in front of him, who is either a ninth-level or a saint-level master, saying that you are dissatisfied with their apprentices, saying that children cannot have the inheritance of the empire if they are not of the Sajia bloodline, and you see if his masters will knock out all your big teeth.
再说，大帝都承认王叶的继承权了，连一手把王国变成帝国的帝王自己都不在乎血脉的问题，还把人记到了皇室血脉谱上，其他人再废话，那就不只是咸吃萝卜淡操心，根本就是想让帝王厌弃你，顺便还让两位王子都讨厌你。
Besides, the emperor has recognized Wang Ye's inheritance, and even the emperor who turned the kingdom into an empire doesn't care about the bloodline, and he also records people on the royal bloodline, and if others talk nonsense, it's not just salty and carrot to worry about, but he just wants the emperor to dislike you, and by the way, the two princes hate you.
“说不定王叶真的有撒家血脉。”有人悄悄说。 "Maybe Wang Ye really has the blood of the Sajia family." Someone whispered.
“就是啊，皇室血脉谱都认可了，那就表示那孩子有资格。”
"That's right, the royal bloodline is recognized, which means that the child is qualified."
“看祖先们怎么说吧，如果祖先们也认可，那么……” "Look at what the ancestors say, if the ancestors also approve, then ......"
联姻一事就要赶紧考虑起来了。小的那个不急，但大的那个再不定下来，说不定就要被人抢走了。
The matter of marriage must be considered quickly. The small one is not in a hurry, but the big one is not settled, and maybe someone will snatch it away.
那可是未来几乎铁板钉钉的帝王，他的妻子可就是未来的帝后！
That's the emperor of the future, and his wife is the future emperor!
小小的议论声后，祭祀大礼继续。 After a small discussion, the sacrificial ceremony continued.
众人已经看出来，这次祭祀不止是祭祀祖先和敬拜天地，更是在确定雷木和王叶两人的继承人身份。
Everyone has already seen that this sacrifice is not only to worship ancestors and worship heaven and earth, but also to determine the identity of Lei Mu and Wang Ye's heirs.
在庄严的礼乐中，撒尔曼大帝走在最前面，他身后一左一右跟着雷木和王叶。
In the solemn music, Salman the Great walked in the front, followed by Lei Mu and Wang Ye on the left and right.
三个人一步步沿着台阶向山顶祭台攀登。 The three of them climbed step by step up the steps to the altar at the top of the mountain.
落后他们十二步远，就是二十四名宫廷魔法师。 Twelve paces behind them were twenty-four court magicians.
紧跟其后的是众位将领和大臣，之后是贵族，最后面是没有职位或爵位较低的撒家血脉。
They were followed by generals and ministers, then by the nobility, and finally by the Sajia bloodline, who had no position or a lower rank.
而除了大帝和继承人，任何人都不能直接进入祭祀大殿，他们需要从大殿两边绕行。
And except for the emperor and the heir, no one can directly enter the sacrificial hall, they need to go around from both sides of the hall.
等撒尔曼和两位继承人攀登到山顶，所有人都停下脚步并调整位置。
When Salman and the two heirs reached the top of the mountain, everyone stopped and adjusted their positions.
从山顶往下看，就能看到一层层台阶上都站了人，但大家都站得很整齐。
If you look down from the top of the mountain, you can see that there are people standing on the steps, but everyone is standing neatly.
重头戏就要来了。 The main event is coming.
礼乐声消失，重重的击鼓声响起。 The liturgical music died away, and the heavy drumming sounded.
一声又一声。 One after another.
撒尔曼把记载了他血脉的卷轴，用双手捧着放到祭台上。
Salman took the scroll that recorded his bloodline, and put it on the altar in both hands.
到此，撒尔曼需要向祖先和天地祷告，并说出他要立继承人之事。
At this point, Salman had to pray to his ancestors and to heaven and earth, and to tell him that he would appoint an heir.
撒尔曼用魔力把声音扩散，所有人都听到了他说的话。 Salman used his magic to spread his voice, and everyone heard what he said.
天地间一片安静，说话声、音乐声全部消失。
这是等待祖先和天地反应的时间，一般只需要静默三分钟左右。
如果没有任何异象，那就表示……
“啊！”有人发出惊呼。
惊呼的人赶紧遮掩住嘴唇，但其他人听到也看到了山顶祭台出现的异象。
“撒、撒特伦陛下！是撒特伦陛下！”
“天哪！原来传言是真的，撒家的祖先们真的还在。”
将领、大臣、贵族们全都震惊了。
他们隐约知道一些传言，但真的看到上一代以为已经过世的国王再次出现，好吧，谁都能看出来那并不是实体。
但亡灵出现在白日，还是出现在祭祀大典中，实在太让人震惊了，更何况那还是上一代的国王陛下！
But it's shocking that the undead appeared in the daytime and still appeared in the sacrificial ceremony, not to mention that it was still the previous generation of His Majesty the King!
撒特伦陛下不但出现，他还开口了：“撒尔曼，这些年，你做得很好，虽然也有让我不满意的地方，但你的这两个继承人选得很好，我对他们很满意。”
王叶仰头看着漂浮在祭台上空的撒特伦陛下，只觉得这位陛下比昨晚上看到的要更有威严得多，就是这位说话是不是太直接了？
但撒尔曼显然很习惯他这位国王父亲的说话口吻，只淡淡地：“嗯，我也觉得自己选得很好。”
撒特伦看向雷木和王叶，看到雷木时，身体不由自主地颤抖了一下。幸好很轻微，加上不是实体，别人看到只会当是风把这位亡灵陛下的轮廓吹得稍微模糊了一些。
Satron looked at Lei Mu and Wang Ye, and when he saw Lei Mu, his body trembled involuntarily. Fortunately, it was very slight, and it was not an entity, so others could only see that the wind had blown the outline of this undead majesty a little blurred.
比起懒得管事的撒老祖，地宫中的撒家后代更为惧怕这位象夫人。
Compared with the Las ancestor who was too lazy to take care of things, the descendants of the Sa family in the underground palace were even more afraid of this elephant lady.
象夫人真的不是什么仁慈的祖奶奶，凶悍得很，对于地宫中犯错的后代，只要她看到，那揍起来是绝对不留情。
Mrs. Xiang is really not a benevolent grandmother, she is very fierce, and she will definitely be merciless when she sees the offspring who made mistakes in the underground palace.
“孩子，你很好。”撒特伦对“雷木”下意识流露出十分慎重以及敬重的态度，这是本能。
"Kid, you're fine." Thaterron subconsciously showed a very cautious and respectful attitude towards "Thunderwood", which was instinctive.
众人注意到这一幕，对雷木这位大王子，原本对雷木身世还有些存疑的，如今那是不敢有半点不敬。
Everyone noticed this scene, and for Lei Mu, the eldest prince, he originally had some doubts about Lei Mu's background, but now he didn't dare to be disrespectful.
撒特伦再看王叶时，那神情就轻松多了，他给了王叶两份见面礼，传音告诉他，其中一份是给雷木的。
When Sathren looked at Wang Ye again, his expression was much more relaxed, and he gave Wang Ye two meeting gifts, and the voice told him that one of them was for Lei Mu.
王叶没想到这位曾爷爷竟然补上了见面礼，笑容也灿烂了不少，还说道：“曾爷爷，以后我给两位老祖送祭品，也会加上您一份的。”
Wang Ye didn't expect this great-grandfather to make up for the greeting gift, his smile was also a lot brighter, and he said: "Great-grandfather, in the future, I will send sacrifices to the two ancestors, and I will also add a portion to you." ”
冲着祭品，撒特伦都有点不想安息了。 In the face of the sacrifice, Sathren didn't want to rest in peace.
但他抵住了诱惑。儿子可靠，重孙辈也很优秀，国家虽然有一些蛀虫和问题，但相信撒尔曼他们会顺利解决。
But he resisted the temptation. The son is reliable, the great-grandchildren are also excellent, and although the country has some moths and problems, I believe that Salman will solve them smoothly.
做个亡灵有什么好的？ What's so good about being an undead?
不能吃、不能喝、不能玩，不能离开地宫。 You can't eat, drink, play, or leave the dungeon.
白天也不能出来，他现在能出来，还是借了地宫的力量。
He couldn't come out during the day, but he was able to come out now, but he still borrowed the power of the dungeon.
地宫虽然束缚住他们，但因为他们在地宫范围内怎么都死不了，所以他们也能在白天露露脸，只不过会很不舒服，能量也会消耗过大。
Although the dungeon binds them, because they can't die within the scope of the dungeon, they can also show their faces during the day, but it will be very uncomfortable and the energy will be consumed too much.
“老祖们跟你说过了吧？”撒特伦特意问了声。 "Did the ancestors tell you?" Thattlon asked specifically.
王叶点头，道：“老祖们已经在统计名单，到时候会集中一起。”
Wang Ye nodded and said, "The ancestors are already counting the list, and they will be gathered together when the time comes." ”
“嗯，把我排在第一个，我不想等待。”撒特伦提要求。
"Well, put me first, I don't want to wait." Satrenti demanded.
王叶迟疑了一下，看向撒尔曼。你爹要死了……呃，要消失了，你不挽留一下吗？
Wang Ye hesitated for a moment and looked at Salman. Your dad is going to die...... Uh, it's going to be gone, don't you want to keep it?
撒尔曼不紧不慢地道：“行了，会给你排第一个。你赶紧走吧，太阳晒着不难受吗？”
Salman said unhurriedly: "Okay, I'll give you the first in line." Hurry up, isn't it uncomfortable to be in the sun? ”
撒特伦：就说这种儿子有什么好留恋的？ Satrun: Let's just say that this kind of son is what to be nostalgic for?
这段对话，下面的人都没听见，只看到前国王陛下和小继承人似乎在说什么悄悄话，还送了他礼物，那氛围特别好。
None of the people below heard this conversation, only saw that His Majesty the former King and the little heir seemed to be whispering something and giving him gifts, which was a very good atmosphere.
撒特伦的身影从祭台消失后，众人以为异象到此结束，谁想更大的异象出现了。
After Satron's figure disappeared from the altar, the crowd thought that the vision was over, and that a greater vision had appeared.
一个极为庞大的身影从群山中慢慢走了出来。 An extremely large figure slowly walked out of the mountains.
那种感觉就好像山活了，有山神从群山中走出。 It felt as if the mountain was alive and a mountain god came out of the mountains.
那庞大的身影看似走得很慢，实际只两步就来到了祭台上空。
The huge figure seemed to be walking very slowly, but in fact it only took two steps to reach the top of the altar.
庞大身影逐渐变得清晰，脸上五官也清晰可见。 The huge figure gradually became clear, and the facial features on the face were also clearly visible.
“后代撒尔曼，拜见老祖！” "Descendant Salman, meet the ancestor!"
撒尔曼大帝竟然向庞大黑影单膝跪地，行了一个对帝王来说非常郑重的跪礼。
Salman the Great actually knelt down on one knee to the huge black shadow and made a very solemn kneeling bow for the emperor.
唰！将领和士兵们反应最快，他们只要没有防守任务的，全都单膝跪下，有防守任务的则是举剑为礼。
Swish! The generals and soldiers reacted the fastest, and as long as they did not have a defensive mission, they all knelt down on one knee, and those who had a defensive task raised their swords in salute.
大臣和贵族们也都赶紧单膝下跪，低头按胸行礼。 The ministers and nobles also quickly knelt down on one knee, bowed their heads and pressed their chests in salute.
王叶左右看看，抱着花盆也单膝跪下了。给他喜欢的两位老祖行个礼而已，不丢份。
Wang Ye looked left and right, and knelt down on one knee while holding the flower pot. It's just a salute to the two ancestors he likes, and he won't lose his share.
不过王叶偷偷瞅到“雷木”单膝跪下时狠狠瞪了眼撒老祖。
However, Wang Ye secretly saw that "Lei Mu" was kneeling down on one knee and glared at the ancestor fiercely.
撒老祖：……又不是我让大家跪的，老子根本不在乎这套好吗？
Sazu Sa: ...... I didn't make everyone kneel, Lao Tzu didn't care about this set at all, okay?
撒老祖迅速伸出手，虚虚拍了拍撒尔曼的肩膀：赶紧给我起来！
Sa Lao Zu quickly stretched out his hand and patted Salman's shoulder emptily: Hurry up and get up for me!
撒尔曼这才站起。 Salman then stood up.
等到大帝起身，其他人才陆续起身。 When the emperor got up, the others got up one after another.
这时众人的心情即激动又茫然。 At this time, everyone's mood was both excited and dazed.
老祖？ Ancestor?
能被大帝称为老祖的人会是谁？ Who will be the one who can be called an ancestor by the emperor?
很多人都想到了第一代国王撒洛特。 Many people think of the first king Salot.
直到一位见过历代祖先画像的撒家血脉颤抖着说出真相：“那是老祖，两千年前那位老祖！我撒家有明文和画像记载的第一位祖先。”
Until a Sajia who had seen the portraits of the ancestors of the past dynasties trembled and said the truth: "That's the ancestor, the ancestor from 2,000 years ago!" The first ancestor of my family is recorded in clear texts and images. ”
两千年前的撒家老祖？！ Two thousand years ago, the ancestor of the Sajia family?!
众祭祀者心脏砰砰砰飞快跳动。 The hearts of the sacrificers were pounding, and they were beating rapidly.
这位撒家血脉还在激动不已地说：“传说这位老祖已经变成神灵……天哪，也许他真的成神了，他就是这里的山神，怪不得我们的家族墓地会选在这里。”
The Sajia bloodline was still excitedly saying, "Legend has it that this ancestor has become a god...... Oh my God, maybe he really became a god, he is the mountain god here, no wonder our family cemetery will be chosen here. ”
有人暗中变了脸色。 Someone secretly changed his face.
撒特伦出现，某些人不惊讶，因为他们知道银月第一代国王干了什么。
Some people were not surprised when Saterron appeared, because they knew what the first king of Silvermoon had done.
但那个传说中比唐博古鼎还要早一个时代的撒家老祖？ But that legendary ancestor of the Sajia family who was an era earlier than Tang Bo Guding?
他竟然还没有消失？竟然就存在于撒家地宫的群山中？ He hasn't even disappeared yet? It actually exists in the mountains of Sajia's underground palace?
这个消息太重要了，无论如何都要传出去。 This news is too important to get out anyway.
有这么一位在，也许他们的计划…… With such a person here, maybe their plans ......
不管各人心里怎么想，所有人都仰着头，满脸崇敬地仰望着那位传说中的老祖。
No matter what everyone thought in their hearts, everyone looked up at the legendary ancestor with reverence on their faces.
撒家血脉最为激动。 The Sajia bloodline is the most excited.
这可是他们撒家人共同的老祖，不止是大帝一个人的。 This is the common ancestor of their Sa's family, not only the emperor.
以前不知道这位老祖还在也就罢了，现在知道了，以后他们一定会经常来祭祀拜见，如果能讨得这位老祖欢喜，也许……
I didn't know that this ancestor was still there, but now that I know, they will definitely come to worship and worship often in the future, if they can please this ancestor, maybe ......
结果就听到那位疑似当上山神的老祖说道：“我是看这两个孩子顺眼才出来。但以后不要让人随便来打扰我，否则我捏死他们别怪我。”
As a result, I heard the ancestor who was suspected of being the god of the mountain say: "I came out only because these two children were pleasing to the eye." But don't let people bother me in the future, or I won't blame them if I pinch them to death. ”
撒尔曼立刻道：“如果有人来打扰您的清静，您随意处置，我绝无二话。”
Salman immediately said: "If someone comes to disturb your tranquility, you can deal with it at will, I have nothing to say." ”
撒家血脉激动的心顿时凉了一半。人比人，真的太气人了！凭什么老祖看那两个顺眼，明明一个是魔种，一个就不是撒家血脉……
The excited heart of the Sajia blood suddenly cooled half. People are more annoying than people! Why did the ancestor look at those two pleasing eyes, obviously one was a demon seed, and the other was not the bloodline of the Sajia family......
撒老祖语气不太好地道：“你们来祭祀的时候，我在附近转了转，看到和听到很多。撒尔曼，我知道你不可能知道所有事情，也不可能把所有人都管起来，但有些人真的太不像话。”
Sa Lao Zu said in a not very good tone: "When you came to worship, I walked around the neighborhood and saw and heard a lot. Salman, I know you can't know everything, and you can't manage everybody, but some people are really too unreasonable. ”
撒家血脉和某些心中有鬼的人：完了！ Sajia bloodline and some people with ghosts in their hearts: it's over!
这时候表情好的真没几个，谁在私底下的时候不会有些放肆的举动和言辞？尤其你不太喜欢这种貌似毫无意义偏又折腾人的祭祀的时候。
At this time, there are really few people with good expressions, who doesn't have some presumptuous actions and words in private? Especially if you don't really like this kind of seemingly meaningless and tormenting sacrifice.
而心中有鬼的人更是不断地想：他们这两天有没有说出、做出某些不该做和说的事？
And people with ghosts in their hearts are constantly thinking: Have they said or done something they shouldn't do or say in the past two days?
撒老祖一把捞起看戏的王小叶和雷木：“这两个孩子我很喜欢，我带他们去我那里玩玩，你们祖奶奶也很想见见他们。行了，都滚下山吧，别在这儿闹腾吵得我心烦！”
Sa Laozu picked up Wang Xiaoye and Lei Mu, who were watching the play: "I like these two children very much, I will take them to my place to play, and your grandmothers also want to meet them." Alright, get down the hill, don't make a fuss about me here! ”
“是。”撒尔曼恭恭敬敬地目送撒老祖身影没入山体中。
"Yes." Salman respectfully watched as the figure of the old ancestor disappeared into the mountain.
王叶也松了口气，露脸总算结束了，他第一次知道原来装模作样这么累，腰都不能随便弯。
Wang Ye also breathed a sigh of relief, the show was finally over, he knew for the first time that he was so tired of pretending to be so tired, and he couldn't bend his waist casually.
看到雷木和王叶竟然被那位老祖给带走，还是带去玩……在场众人的心情复杂得简直难以用言语形容。
Seeing that Lei Mu and Wang Ye were actually taken away by that ancestor, they were still taken to play...... The mood of everyone present was so complicated that it was difficult to describe in words.
撒家血脉倒好说，他们就是羡慕妒忌恨。 It's easy to say that they are jealous and jealous.
祭祀大典结束了。 The festival is over.
这场大典可以说绝对让所有参与者都印象深刻。 It was a ceremony that was absolutely impressive for all involved.
关于这场大典，大家可真的是有太多可说的内容了！ There is really so much to say about this ceremony!
而经过这么一场特殊到前无任何例子的祭祀大典，雷木和王叶的继承人身份简直比大帝的身份都稳，再也不可动摇。
And after such a special sacrifice ceremony that has never been seen before, the identity of Lei Mu and Wang Ye's heirs is simply more stable than that of the emperor, and it can no longer be shaken.
同时，大帝虽然要求众人对老祖现身一事严格保密，但撒家老祖撒大胆还在世的消息还是通过某些秘密渠道传了出去……
At the same time, although the emperor asked everyone to keep the appearance of the ancestor strictly secret, the news that the ancestor of the Sajia family was still alive still spread through some secret channels......
第319章 多米诺骨牌效应 Chapter 319: Domino Effect
撒尔曼要的就是有人动起来。 All Salman wants is someone to move.
撒大胆老祖还存世的消息太重大，不怕那些人不想传消息，而且还会迫不及待往外传递。
The news that the ancestor is still alive is too important, and I am not afraid that those people will not want to spread the news, and they will not wait to pass it on.
只要这些人有所动作，撒尔曼和老祖这边都会注意到。 As long as these people make any moves, Salman and the Ancestor will notice.
另外老祖露面和确定继承人还有一个巨大好处，那就是能安稳人心。
In addition, there is another huge advantage of the ancestor showing up and determining the heir, that is, it can stabilize people's hearts.
之前撒尔曼只有一个女儿，还传说已经去世多年，之后撒尔曼一直没有再娶王后，也没有任何后代，这对一个国家来说其实是一个不稳定的信号，哪怕撒尔曼还在盛年。
Previously, Salman had only one daughter, and it is rumored that he had died for many years, and since then Salman has never remarried the queen and has no offspring, which is actually an unstable signal for a country, even if Salman is still in his prime.
所以撒埃德父子自认是帝位继承人，其他人才会默认，因为除了这俩，其他撒家血脉确实没有比他们更有资格的了。
Therefore, Saed's father and son think that they are the heirs to the throne, and others will acquiesce, because apart from these two, there is indeed no other Sa's bloodline that is more qualified than them.
而这两个人也借用帝位继承人的名头拉拢了不少人、做了不少事。
And these two people also borrowed the name of the heir to the throne to win over many people and do a lot of things.
有些原本是撒尔曼铁杆的人会被他们拉拢，也是因为撒尔曼之前态度不明，加上把那对父子当做了真继承人看待，就算不被拉拢，也不好得罪，很多事也会睁只眼闭只眼。
Some people who were originally Salman's hardcore will be co-opted by them, also because Salman had an unclear attitude before, and he regarded the father and son as true heirs, even if they were not co-opted, it would not be easy to offend, and many things would be turned a blind eye.
但现在正式继承人确定了，虽然是两位，但显然撒坦雷木是最正统也最被期待的那个。
But now that the official heirs have been confirmed, although there are two, it is clear that Satan Remu is the most orthodox and most anticipated.
反正不管哪个都好，这两位继承人可是不但受到大帝本人认可，更受到了撒家祖先们的喜爱和肯定。
Anyway, no matter which one is good, these two heirs are not only recognized by the emperor himself, but also loved and affirmed by the ancestors of the Sajia family.
就连两千年前那位老祖都现身了！ Even the Ancestor from 2,000 years ago appeared!
之前还有所动摇的人，现在全都重新坚定了对银月帝国、对撒尔曼的忠心。
Those who had been wavered before had all reaffirmed their loyalty to the Silvermoon Empire and to Salman.
不说全帝国人民，至少参与了祭祀的所有将领、大臣和贵族，以及士兵们，除了少数人以外，那可都是再次坚定了立场，也重新涌出了为帝国而战、为帝国更上一层楼拼搏的雄心。
Not to mention the people of the whole empire, at least all the generals, ministers and nobles who participated in the sacrifice, as well as the soldiers, except for a few, have once again strengthened their positions, and the ambition to fight for the empire and fight for the empire to a higher level has also resurged.
银月有优秀的继承人，还有老祖看顾，就代表了他们有未来，也有靠山，更代表了无限希望和生机，还有最重要的稳定。作为银月帝国的子民，谁不为此高兴和自豪？
Yinyue has an excellent heir, as well as the care of the ancestors, which means that they have a future, a backer, infinite hope and vitality, and the most important stability. As a citizen of the Silver Moon Empire, who isn't happy and proud of it?
而当两位继承人在祭祀中受到祖先认可、还出现多重奇幻异象的传闻在民间传扬开，银月帝国的百姓们真的是老骄傲了，和其他国家的人吹起来都有资本。
And when the rumors that the two heirs were recognized by their ancestors in the sacrifice and that there were multiple fantastic visions spread among the people, the people of the Silver Moon Empire were really proud, and they had capital with people from other countries.
尤其是撒家祖先变成光点升天的异象，被传成是撒家祖先见到有优秀继承人继承国家，他们放心了，就都安心离开了，变成了天上的星星，会永远在天空看护银月帝国的美丽传说。
In particular, the vision of the ancestors of the Sajia family who became points of light and ascended to heaven is said to be the beautiful legend that the ancestors of the Sajia family saw that there was an excellent heir to inherit the country, and they were relieved, so they all left with peace of mind, and became stars in the sky, and they will always watch over the beautiful legend of the Silver Moon Empire in the sky.
民心安定、国家换发新的生机、弘扬国威，还能抓住暗中的细作，简直一举多得！
The people's hearts are stable, the country has a new vitality, the national prestige is promoted, and the secret work can be grasped, which is simply a lot of success!
至于说某些势力发现银月还有底蕴，从而隐藏埋伏得更深，把所有计划都放缓什么的，对撒尔曼和银月帝国反而是好事。
As for the fact that some forces discovered that Silvermoon still had a foundation, so they hid and ambushed deeper, slowing down all plans or something, it was a good thing for Salman and the Silvermoon Empire.
撒尔曼需要的就是时间，他已经比暗中谋划的某些势力慢了许多，他虽然已经反应过来，并开始剔除那些不安稳存在，但查证也好、布局也好，都需要时间。
What Salman needs is time, he is already much slower than some forces plotting secretly, although he has reacted and begun to eliminate those unstable existences, but it will take time to verify and arrange.
最重要的是，那些势力谋害银月帝国，可以不用考虑银月无数民众，可以不用考虑是否会破坏银月的水土、生灵和资源，他们想怎样就能怎样，但撒尔曼不行。
The most important thing is that those forces who plot to kill the Silver Moon Empire can not think about the countless people of Silver Moon, and they can not think about whether they will destroy the water, soil, life and resources of Silver Moon, they can do whatever they want, but Salman cannot.
没有人想把战场放到自己家里。 No one wants to put the battlefield in their own home.
撒尔曼还配合陨星魔法学校和六大公会，一起搞起了轰轰烈烈抓捕邪魔教人员的活动。
Salman also cooperated with the Falling Star School of Magic and the Six Guilds to launch a vigorous campaign to capture the members of the Cult.
何谓邪魔教？ What is a cult?
只要你在暗中联络贵族，想要给快老死、病死的贵族换一具健康的年轻的身体，那就是邪魔教。
As long as you secretly contact the nobles and want to change the healthy young body of the nobles who are dying of old age or disease, it is the Cult.
只要你在拐卖、绑架、掳掠人口，你就是邪魔教。 As long as you are abducting, kidnapping, and abducting people, you are a cult.
只要你用智慧生命、或用规定数量以外的大量牲畜及其他生灵进行黑暗的献祭仪式，你就是邪魔教。
As long as you perform dark sacrificial rituals with intelligent beings, or with a large number of animals and other creatures beyond the required number, you are a cult.
只要你诱惑他人使用致使人产生幻觉进而进行不法行为的药物，对智慧生命使用精神暗示等，你就是邪魔教。
As long as you tempt others to use drugs that cause people to hallucinate and commit illegal acts, or use mental hints against intelligent beings, you are a cult.
还有聚众宣扬某些黑暗、可怕的思想及言论，供养、祭祀邪神之类，也是邪魔教。
There are also cults that gather people to propagate certain dark and terrible thoughts and speeches, and to make offerings and sacrifices to evil gods.
总而言之，银月帝国、陨星魔法学校和六大公会，以抓捕邪魔教之名，把某些人和某些势力多年来的布局差点毁灭一空。
All in all, the Silver Moon Empire, the Falling Star School of Magic, and the Six Guilds, in the name of capturing the Cult, almost wiped out the layout of some people and certain forces over the years.
撒尔曼完全没想到他还有和陨星合作的一天，如果没有他和兰道的和解，主要是没有王叶和雷木这两个重要调和剂，这根本就是不可能的事。
Salman didn't expect that he would have one day to cooperate with the Falling Star, and if it wasn't for his reconciliation with Landau, mainly without Wang Ye and Lei Mu, two important concoctors, this would be impossible at all.
可现在因为王叶和雷木，银月帝国相当于和陨星有了深切的关系，还是好的那方面。
But now because of Wang Ye and Lei Mu, the Silver Moon Empire is equivalent to having a deep relationship with the meteor, which is still good.
同时陨星和位于银月帝国中的西顿魔法学校也有了各种友好往来。
At the same time, Meteor and the Sidon School of Magic in the Silvermoon Empire also had various friendly contacts.
水要流动起来才不会腐臭。 The water needs to flow so that it doesn't stink.
同样，人和资源也要流动起来，才会更加活跃，得到的好处也会更多。
In the same way, people and resources need to be flowing, so that they will be more active and will receive more benefits.
大家互相交换信息，互相验证彼此手中已经查到的线索，再共同配合，那效率简直是从未有过的迅敏。
Everyone exchanged information with each other, verified the clues they had found in each other's hands, and then worked together, the efficiency was simply faster than ever.
某国，某荒无人烟的秘密地点。 A country, a secret place in the middle of nowhere.
十四面魔镜在魔法阵中同时亮起。 Fourteen magic mirrors lit up at the same time in the magic array.
魔镜后面出现隐约的人影，都看不太清楚，但他们彼此都知道对方是谁。
There was a faint figure behind the magic mirror, and they couldn't see it clearly, but they both knew who the other was.
“到底哪里出了问题？为什么裂隙战场那边完全联系不上？”
"What went wrong? Why can't I get in touch with the Rift Battlefield at all? ”
“裂隙战场所有通道都被封闭，里面的人出不来，外面的人进不去，不止如此，还有人大手笔地搞了一个超大型结界，把整个裂隙战场的空间都封锁了起来，禁止任何信息传递。能做到这点的，只有裂隙战场的主人，树人一族。为什么树人一族会突然做这样的事？”
"All the passages of the rift battlefield are closed, the people inside can't get out, and the people outside can't enter, not only that, but there are also people who have made a super large enchantment to block the space of the entire rift battlefield and prohibit any information transmission. The only one who can do this is the master of the rift battlefield, the Treants. Why would the Treants suddenly do such a thing? ”
“听说是木精灵一族在裂隙战场现世了，不是只出现一两个那种，是一支完整的战队，这表明木精灵即将正式出世。而树人族一向和木精灵亲近，他们可能是为了帮助木精灵。”
"I heard that it was the Wood Elves who appeared on the Rift Battlefield, not just one or two, but a complete team, which indicates that the Wood Elves are about to be officially born. The Treants have always been close to the Wood Elves, and they may have come to help the Wood Elves. ”
“不对，如果木精灵愿意正式出世，树人一族根本没必要封锁整个裂隙战场来保护木精灵，木精灵出来的是战士，又不是一群幼儿。”
"No, if the Wood Elves are willing to be officially born, there is no need for the Treants to block the entire rift battlefield to protect the Wood Elves, the Wood Elves are warriors, not a group of young children."
“可能也和那个能量旋风带有关，据说这次有将近两千人进入旋风带，绝大部分人还都顺利出来了，有些人还获得了不小的好处。据说还有第二关。关闭战场也有可能是不想再有人冲着旋风带进去，造成战场人员过多和混乱。”
"It may also have something to do with the energy whirlwind belt, it is said that nearly 2,000 people entered the whirlwind belt this time, and most of them came out smoothly, and some people even gained a lot of benefits. It is said that there is a second level. It is also possible that the battlefield is closed and you don't want anyone to rush into the whirlwind, causing too many people and chaos on the battlefield. ”
“还是不对劲。我们真的完全无法联系上在裂隙战场内部的人员吗？”
"It's still not right. Is it true that we can't contact anyone inside the Rift Battlefield? ”
魔镜中有人摇头。 Someone in the magic mirror shook his head.
“裂隙战场的事先放到一边，树人族不可能长时间封闭整个战场，等战场打开，我们就知道怎么回事了。大家也不用太过担心，那里有我们那么多人，还大多都是强者，如果能量旋风带中真有什么莫大机缘，我们的人也一定会想方设法进入。”
"The rift battlefield is put aside in advance, it is impossible for the Treants to close the entire battlefield for a long time, and when the battlefield opens, we will know what is going on. You don't have to worry too much, there are so many of us there, and most of them are strong, if there is really any great opportunity in the energy whirlwind belt, our people will definitely find a way to enter. ”
有那敏感的人，想的不止是旋风带中的机缘，他们想的更多。但就如此人所言，在战场封闭的情况下，他们就算在这里猜测和焦急也没用。
There are sensitive people who think more than just chance in the whirlwind belt. But as they say, when the battlefield is closed, it is useless for them to speculate and be anxious here.
“陨星、银月那两个地方又是怎么回事？为什么他们突然捣毁我们那么多据点。”说话的人心疼极了，那么多年下来，他们在两地经营那么久，早就形成了一张严密的网络。
"What's going on with the two places of Falling Star and Silver Moon? Why did they suddenly destroy so many of our strongholds. "The people who spoke were very distressed, after so many years, they had been operating in the two places for so long, and they had already formed a tight network.
最重要的是，这张严密网络上不止有他们精心培养出来的人才和好不容易拉拢过来的人手，更有大量财富，比如那些商队、商铺、旅馆、田地、佣兵团队和魔法塔等等……
On top of that, this tight network not only has the talents they have carefully cultivated and the people they have managed to pull together, but also a lot of wealth, such as those caravans, shops, inns, fields, mercenary teams, magic towers, and so on......
如今被陨星和银月帝国那么一通狠查，他们好多据点都被牵扯进去，不但人员被抓，很多固定资产和流动资产也都被查封和搬走。
Now that they have been so ruthlessly investigated by the Falling Star and the Silver Moon Empire, many of their strongholds have been involved, not only have their personnel been arrested, but many fixed assets and liquid assets have also been seized and moved.
有人想要救人、想要夺回财产，结果陷入得更多。 Some people want to save people, they want to get their property back, and they end up getting into more trouble.
“不止陨星和银月。六大公会，尤其是佣兵公会和魔法师公会，他们在全世界范围开展了除邪魔教人员活动。”
"It's not just meteorites and silver moons. The six guilds, especially the Mercenary Guild and the Mage's Guild, carry out activities around the world to eradicate cultists. ”
“邪魔教？他们指的邪魔教是谁！”有人暴怒。 "The Hive? Who are the cults they are referring to! "Someone was furious.
“为什么？怎么会突然爆发？而且他们哪来那么多的线索？他们怎么会一下子就知道那么多？”这是最让他们想不通的。
"Why? How could it suddenly erupt? And where did they get so many clues? How could they know so much at once? "That's what they can't figure out the most.
十四面魔镜都想不通为什么原本进行得好好的计划，怎么突然就被暴露，乃至产生连锁反应，就跟推骨牌一样，一个倒下，连带后面的一串都倒下了。
The fourteen magic mirrors couldn't figure out why the original plan that had been carried out well was suddenly exposed, and even had a chain reaction, just like pushing dominoes, one fell, and the string behind it fell.
这逼迫的他们不得不狠心把中间一些骨牌抽出、甚至毁掉，只为了保后面的。
This forced them to ruthlessly draw out some of the middle dominoes, or even destroy them, just to save the back.
“你们知道吗，两千年前的那个撒大胆还活着，虽然也许没有了身体，但他的意识还在，而且十分强大，他的实力应该不亚于半神级别，甚至更高。”
"Do you know, that Sa Daring from two thousand years ago is still alive, although he may not have a body, but his consciousness is still there, and it is very powerful, his strength should be no less than the demigod level, or even higher."
十四面魔镜全都保持了沉默。 The fourteen mirrors were silent.
良久，有人吐出一句：“那个年代的存在，又不是只有一个撒大胆还存世。”
After a long time, someone spit out a sentence: "The existence of that era is not only one that still exists. ”
更有人叹息：“如果早知道撒家地宫和撒大胆联系在一起，我们应该早点发动，如果能得到撒家地宫连同撒大胆的能量……”
Some people even sighed: "If we had known that the Sajia Underground Palace and Sa Bold were linked, we should have launched it earlier, if we could get the Sajia Underground Palace and the energy of Sa Daring......"
“是啊，如果早知道。可我们的预言者明明表明一切顺利，而且原本的计划也都很顺利，并没有被发现的迹象，怎么突然就闹出这么多事来？”
"yes, if I had known. But our prophet clearly showed that everything was going well, and the original plan was going well, and there was no sign of being discovered, so why did so many things suddenly happen? ”
“有什么不对劲，一定发生了什么我们不知道的变故。唐博和古鼎回来了吗？”
"Something is wrong, something must have happened that we don't know about. Are Tang Bo and Gu Ding back? ”
“没有，完全没有这方面的消息。” "No, there's no news about that at all."
“那会是谁？木精灵现世……难道是当初那位能预言的大祭司还活着？她知道了什么？现在能进入木精灵秘境吗？”
"Who could that be? The Wood Elves are alive...... Could it be that the high priest who could prophesy is still alive? What did she know? Can I enter the Wood Elf Realm now? ”
“我们连木精灵秘境入口在哪里都不知道。哦，现在可以确定了，至少裂隙战场那边肯定有一个，但我们现在进不去。”
"We don't even know where the entrance to the Wood Elf Secret Realm is. Oh, now it's certain, at least there's one on the Rift battlefield, but we can't get in right now. ”
“那位木精灵大祭司就算还活着，就算她预言了有关我们的事情，可我们的谋划和他们精灵族基本没什么关系，她为什么要多事？而且她什么时候联系的六大公会、包括陨星和银月？”
"Even if that Wood Elf High Priestess is still alive, even if she prophesied about us, but our plans have nothing to do with their elven clan, why should she be troubled? And when did she contact the six major guilds, including Meteorite and Silver Moon? ”
“也许是因为唇亡齿寒？木精灵那边必须要注意，也许他们会成为我们的大敌。他们的出世就是一个信号，精灵族也是一大势力，如果让他们和人族联合起来，把我们当成共同的敌人，麻烦的还是我们。”说话的这面魔镜似乎对木精灵敌意很大。
"Maybe it's because of the cold lips and teeth? The Wood Elves must be careful, and perhaps they will become our enemies. Their birth is a signal, the elves are also a big force, if they are allowed to unite with the human race and treat us as a common enemy, it will be us who will be in trouble. The magic mirror that spoke seemed to be very hostile to the wood elves.
“注意说辞！我们又不是想要做整个智慧种族的对立者，我们的目标永远不变，那就是突破现有等级，突破我们现有的生命限制。只要能达到目的，我们没必要到处树敌。就算我们需要精灵族的资源，也不是现在。”
"Watch the rhetoric! We don't want to be the antagonists of the entire intelligent race, our goal will never change, that is, to break through the existing level, to break through our existing life limits. As long as we can achieve our goal, we don't need to make enemies everywhere. Even if we need the resources of the elves, it is not now. ”
另一面魔镜打圆场：“我也觉得这些突然爆发的事情跟木精灵无关，我们肯定还疏忽了什么。我们的预言者有说什么吗？”
Another magic mirror played a round: "I also think that these sudden outbreaks have nothing to do with the wood elves, we must have neglected something." Did our prophets say anything? ”
“没有，它说一切正常。” "No, it says everything is fine."
“看来它不是隐瞒了什么，就是……已经没用了！” "It seems that it is either hiding something, or it is ...... It's useless! ”
十四面魔镜再次静下心商谈，决定重新布局，同时定下一些未来计划。
The fourteen magic mirrors once again calmed down and discussed, and decided to rearrange them, while setting some plans for the future.
这么多年，他们也不是一直都顺风顺水，他们遇到的大风大浪也不少，现在的这些打击说能把他们击垮那还差得远。
For so many years, they have not always been smooth, and they have encountered a lot of strong winds and waves, and now these blows are far from being able to crush them.
只要这十四面魔镜还存在，他们就谈不上失败。 As long as these fourteen magic mirrors still exist, they can't talk about failure.
“这是这一批新的需要注意的天之骄子的名单。” "This is the list of this new batch of heavenly pride that needs attention."
名单飘出，分别飘入其他十三面镜子中。 The list floated out and into the other thirteen mirrors.
列在这张名单最上端的，赫然有王叶和雷木的名字。 At the top of this list are the names of Wang Ye and Lei Mu.
“如果不能让他们归属我们，那就密切注意。这些孩子不止天赋优秀，他们的运气和机缘也超出一般人，跟着他们，我们可以收获更多。”
"If you can't get them to belong to us, then pay close attention. These children are not only gifted, but their luck and opportunities are also beyond the average person, and we can gain more by following them. ”
说话的魔镜最后道：“记住，从现在开始，不要对任何既定目标下手，所有据点和人员全部暂且转移、隐藏和潜伏起来，所有行动全部转为观察和等待。”
The Magic Mirror finally said: "Remember, from now on, do not attack any set target, all strongholds and personnel are temporarily transferred, hidden and hidden, and all actions are turned to watch and wait. ”
外界的大规模行动，完全没有影响到王叶。
王叶自从给自己和雷木再次确定了打辅助的定位后，心态就特别轻松。
Since Wang Ye once again determined the position of playing support for himself and Lei Mu, his mentality has been very relaxed.
大事就由那些大人物去干，他和雷木都是小人物，特别小，就做些力所能及的小事就可以了。
“来来来，排好队，一个一个来，现在还在优惠期，不用抢、不用挤，大家都能轮得到。”王叶坐在一张石台上，手举喇叭大声喊。
雷木亲手炼制的魔法喇叭，保证他的声音可以传递到地宫每一个角落，且清晰毫无杂音。
“汪！”大黑特别威严地端坐在一端，作为压阵者。
就是它脑袋上顶着一只金光灿灿像朵鲜花一样的美丽虫子这点，让它的威严打了点折扣。
It was the fact that it had a beautiful insect on its head that shone like a flower, which made its majesty a little diminished.
因为亡灵们不喜欢白天，所有超度都被安排在了晚上。 Because the undead don't like daytime, all excesses are scheduled for night.
正好也给了王叶整整一天休息补充睡眠的时间。 It also happened to give Wang Ye a whole day of rest and time to replenish sleep.
撒特伦陛下作为特殊人员，第一个被安排，他被超度时，说是不会来送他最后一程的撒尔曼大帝还是来了。
His Majesty Satron, as a special agent, was the first to be arranged, and when he was overrun, Saarman the Great, who said that he would not come to see him off for the last time, still came.
撒尔曼还把两个兄弟的亡灵也叫来了。 Salman also summoned the spirits of the two brothers.
撒特伦陛下升天前很明确地告诉撒尔曼，他墓室里的所有陪葬物全都赠送给两个孩子，具体怎么分就让那两个孩子自己看着办。
Before his ascension, His Majesty Satren made it clear to Salman that all the burial objects in his tomb were given to the two children, and the two children were to take care of the specific division.
大帝撇嘴，他就没稀罕过那些陪葬物。 The emperor pouted, and he didn't scarce those burial objects.
撒菲力则气得滴血，撒特伦也是他父亲，他不但偏心地把王位传给撒尔曼，如今就连最后的最后也没想到他，甚至没有多看他一眼。
Saphiri was so angry that he was dripping blood, and Sathren was also his father, and not only did he pass the throne to Salman partially, but now he didn't even think of him in the end, and didn't even look at him more.
撒赛亚则很高兴还能再见到父王，并能送他最后一程。至于父王的那些陪葬物，他愿意送谁就送谁。
Sasaiah was glad to see his father again and to see him off for the last time. As for his father's funeral gifts, he gave them to whoever he wanted.
撒特伦陛下最后轻轻抚摸了几个孩子的头，只忽略了撒菲力，带着一脸少见的轻松笑容，笑着变成光点升上夜空。
His Majesty finally stroked the heads of the children, ignoring only Saphiri, and with a rare relaxed smile, the smile turned into a point of light and rose into the night sky.
这时，来参加祭祀大典的人们还没有离去，他们特地等到夜晚出来，就是为了想要看看昨晚的奇景是否还会出现。
At this time, the people who came to participate in the festival had not yet left, and they waited until night to come out, just to see if the wonders of last night would still appear.
当他们看到撒特伦国王的光影升上天空，很多人下意识单膝跪下，单手按在胸口，向这位前国王陛下行礼。
When they saw the light and shadow of King Satlon rising into the sky, many people subconsciously knelt down on one knee and pressed one hand on their chests to salute His Majesty the former king.
撒特伦陛下刚被超度，撒菲力就拂袖而去。 As soon as His Majesty Sathren was overpowered, Saphili brushed his sleeves away.
他不想安息，一点都不想就此消散，他还想继续活下去，作为真正的生命！
He didn't want to rest in peace, he didn't want to dissipate at all, he wanted to continue to live, as a real life!
撒尔曼沉默地注视着这个弟弟的身影，眼中全是冰冷的讥讽。
Salman stared at the figure of the younger brother in silence, his eyes full of cold sarcasm.
撒赛亚走到撒尔曼身边，忽然道：“抱歉。” Sasaiah walked up to Salman and suddenly said, "I'm sorry. ”
撒尔曼转头看这位大哥，唇角微弯：“我知道。” Salman turned his head to look at the eldest brother, and the corners of his lips curled slightly: "I know." ”
“嗯？”撒赛亚愣住。 "Huh?" Sasaiah froze.
“明希来看你，以及和你说的那些话，我都知道。所以她只是王后。同时我也知道她对你没有丝毫私情，她来见你也好、和你说那些话也好，都不是她的本意，而是受到他人指示，所以她在死后还能保留王后的位子。”
"I know what Mingxi came to see you and what I said to you. So she's just a queen. At the same time, I also know that she has no personal feelings for you, and whether she comes to see you or say those words to you, it is not her intention, but she is instructed by others, so that she can retain the position of queen after death. ”
“……”
“对于这样一位妻子，你想让我爱上她，把她尊为帝后，你不觉得对我太苛求了吗？”
"For such a wife, don't you think you are too me if you want me to fall in love with her and respect her as the emperor?"
“……”
撒尔曼拍拍兄长的肩膀：“如果你能告诉我，你对明希有情意，她就绝无可能嫁给我，我会让你娶她。”
Salman patted his brother on the shoulder: "If you can tell me that you have affection for Mingxi, she will never be able to marry me, I will let you marry her." ”
“可明希跟我说，是你跟她父亲求娶，还指名要她，而她父亲更看重你，所以才会……”
"But Mingxi told me that it was you who asked her father to marry and asked her by name, and her father valued you more, so he ......"
“事实是那位春木国主来找过我几次，想要把他的女儿们嫁给我，但我拒绝了。后来他拿出老人情说事，就是我们的国王父亲曾被他救过一次那件事，你还记得吧？他用这个人情换取我娶他的女儿，我只能答应。”
"The truth is that the Haruki lord came to me several times and wanted to marry his daughters to me, but I refused. Later, he took out the old man's affection and said that our king's father was saved by him once, do you remember? He traded this favor for me to marry his daughter, and I could only agree. ”
撒赛亚闭上眼睛，苦笑。他的爱情从头到尾就是一场笑话。
Sasaiah closed his eyes and smiled wryly. His love was a joke from beginning to end.
撒尔曼用力揽住他：“哥，留下来帮我，只要一段时间就好。”
Salman hugged him hard: "Brother, stay and help me, just for a while." ”
撒赛亚沉默，听说可以脱离地宫、从此获得自由，还亲眼见到这一幕，撒赛亚是想就此安息并消失的。
Sasaiah was silent, hearing that he could leave the dungeon and be free, and seeing this with his own eyes, Sasaiah wanted to rest and disappear.
“大哥？”撒尔曼眼中有恳求。 "Big brother?" There was pleading in Salman's eyes.
撒赛亚心软了，抬起手臂回抱住这位兄弟。撒尔曼没有做错任何事情，他们兄弟只是都被人算计了，而且凭良心说，撒尔曼对明希已经很不错了。
Sasaiah relented and raised his arm to embrace his brother. Salman didn't do anything wrong, their brothers were just calculated, and in good conscience, Salman was already very good to Mingxi.
“好。”撒赛亚答应了，又低声道：“菲力他……” "Okay." Sasaiah agreed, and whispered, "Filipta......"
“嘘，不用说。老祖们没让小叶子和雷木毁掉地宫，也是为了能拘束住某些不想安息的亡灵。否则他们能自由离开地宫，说不定会给我、给银月带来一堆麻烦。现在他们都留在地宫里，也只能在这里搞阴谋诡计。撒菲力已经有老祖们盯着，哥，我有其他事需要你帮我。”
"Shhhhh The ancestors didn't let Xiao Yezi and Lei Mu destroy the dungeon, also in order to restrain some undead who didn't want to rest in peace. Otherwise, they can leave the dungeon freely, and maybe it will bring a lot of trouble to me and Yinyue. Now they are all staying in the underground palace, and they can only engage in intrigues here. Saphiri is already staring at the ancestors, brother, I have other things that I need you to help me. ”
撒尔曼把撒赛亚拉走了。 Salman took Sasaiah away.
王叶则继续做他的超度买卖。两位老祖把整个地宫中所有愿意安息的亡灵都统计并带过来了。
Wang Ye continued to do his excessive trading. The two ancestors counted all the undead who were willing to rest in the entire underground palace and brought them over.
这种行为显然也让某些心中有鬼、不想安息的亡灵特别焦躁。
This kind of behavior obviously makes some of the undead who have ghosts in their hearts and do not want to rest in peace.
一只羊想要藏好自己，那当然是躲在羊群里最安全。 If a sheep wants to hide itself, it is of course safest to hide in the flock.
可现在羊群数量不断减少，剩下的那几只就会变得特别显眼。
But now that the number of sheep is dwindling, the remaining ones will become particularly conspicuous.
得加快速度了，一定要在他们察觉前完成计划，否则就来不及了！
You'll have to speed up and get the plan done before they even know it, or it'll be too late!
第320章 小亡灵的礼物 Chapter 320: The Gift of the Little Undead
地宫中的亡灵数量很多，一个晚上根本就超度不完。 There are a lot of undead in the dungeon, and there is no end to it in one night.
王叶也不急，雷木就在他身边，老祖和撒尔曼都已经知道撒菲力的阴谋，他还有什么好急的？
Wang Ye is not in a hurry, Lei Mu is by his side, Lao Zu and Sal Man already know about Saphiri's conspiracy, what else is there to hurry?
等超度到后面，神志不清醒的开始增多，这些都是被两位老祖强行带过来的。
When the excess reached the back, the number of unconscious people began to increase, and these were forcibly brought over by the two ancestors.
对这些亡灵，王叶都先使用【源清流净】净化他们的灵魂，让他们先恢复一定神智，然后再询问他们要不要安息。
For these undead, Wang Ye first used [Source Clear Stream] to purify their souls, allowing them to recover a certain sanity first, and then asked them if they wanted to rest in peace.
几乎所有灵魂都迫不及待地选择彻底安息，他们不想再受这样的痛苦折磨。
Almost all souls can't wait to choose to rest completely, they don't want to suffer such pain anymore.
也有穷凶极恶的亡灵吼叫着他不想安息，还有狡猾的会哭泣会哀求，他们不想安息，只求王叶能毁掉地宫，让他们不要再反反复复经受那些惩罚。
There are also fierce undead who roar that he doesn't want to rest in peace, and there are cunning ones who cry and plead, they don't want to rest in peace, they just ask Wang Ye to destroy the underground palace, so that they don't have to go through those punishments over and over again.
王叶知道这个地宫中的亡灵只有少部分是撒家血脉，还有一部分是陪葬的妻妾侍者甚至是士兵，大部分都是被每一代国王献祭的人。
Wang Ye knew that only a small number of the undead in this underground palace were of Sajia blood, and some of them were wives and concubines, attendants and even soldiers who accompanied the burial, and most of them were sacrificed by each generation of kings.
这些人中有无辜者，但也有很多真正的罪犯。 Among these people are innocents, but there are also many real criminals.
对于这些亡灵，王叶只要查看因果卷——他帮助其恢复神智，他和该亡灵就有了联系，也就能在因果卷看到对方的一些重要信息。
For these undead, Wang Ye only needs to check the cause and effect scroll - he helps them regain their senses, he has a connection with the undead, and he can see some important information about the other party in the cause and effect scroll.
如果遇到曾经罪证确凿、犯罪理由也没有可以谅解的地方、且现在还没有多少悔改之心，甚至还觉得变成亡灵比当人更好，只要不受惩罚的亡灵，王叶都是直接强行超度。
If you encounter a person who has been guilty of a crime, and there is no forgiveness for the reason for the crime, and there is not much repentance now, and even feels that it is better to become an undead than a human being, as long as the unpunished undead, Wang Ye will directly forcibly exceed.
实际上，自从撒尔曼上位，除了那批必须献祭给魔族的三百犯罪者，他后来送到地宫来的少数人都是犯罪的贵族和大臣之类。
In fact, since Salman ascended to the throne, except for the three hundred criminals who had to be sacrificed to the demons, the few people he later sent to the underground palace were all nobles and ministers who committed crimes.
换言之，地宫里的亡灵绝大多数都已经待了至少一百年以上，如果他们外面有仇人和家人，只要不是超凡者，基本上也都已经死亡。
In other words, the vast majority of the undead in the dungeon have been there for at least a hundred years, and if they have enemies and family members outside, as long as they are not transcendent, they are basically dead.
所以绝大多数亡灵都没有什么牵挂。 So the vast majority of the undead have nothing to worry about.
在地宫这样的环境，受了这么多年折磨还不想安息的亡灵，不是变态就是有“自己计划”的。
In an environment like the underground palace, the undead who have been tortured for so many years and still don't want to rest in peace are either perverted or have "their own plans".
而有计划的亡灵也几乎无一例外都是想要报复撒家王室和皇室的。
And the planned undead almost without exception want to take revenge on the Sajia royal family and the royal family.
被献祭，被迫受到这样的折磨，想死都死不掉，怎能让人不恨？
Being sacrificed, forced to be tortured like this, and not being able to die even if you want to, how can people not hate?
撒菲力就联系了不少这样的亡灵，让他们与自己共同“推翻”银月帝国统治，争取将来脱离地宫，报复撒家、报复整个银月帝国。
Saphiri contacted many of these undead, and asked them to "overthrow" the rule of the Silver Moon Empire with him, and strive to break away from the underground palace in the future and take revenge on the Sajia family and the entire Silver Moon Empire.
王叶特理解他们，真的。 Wang Yete understands them, really.
换了他，被人强行献祭，还被困这么多年，更受尽折磨，他肯定恨死相关者，就算有安息的机会，他也不会选择，只会想要报复。
If he was replaced, he was forcibly sacrificed, and he was trapped for so many years, and he was tortured, he definitely hated the people involved, even if he had a chance to rest in peace, he would not choose, he would only want revenge.
这样的亡灵都没有来排队。 None of these undead came to line up.
王叶遇到了一群工匠。 Wang Ye met a group of craftsmen.
这些工匠几乎都是他和雷木遇到的那些身上长满菌子的亡灵，他们几乎都没有清醒的意识。
These craftsmen were almost all the undead who were covered in fungus that he and Thunderwood had encountered, and they were almost unconscious.
王叶帮助他们恢复神智，他们很多都很茫然，他们被派来修建地宫，其实在修建时他们就预感到他们很可能再也无法离开这个可怕的地方。
Wang Ye helped them regain their senses, many of them were at a loss, they were sent to build the underground palace, in fact, when they built it, they had a premonition that they would probably never be able to leave this terrible place again.
现在听说他们终于可以离开这里，重新回归正常世界，从此化作天地能量，让一切都归零，很多人都喜极而泣。
Now that they heard that they could finally leave here and return to the normal world, turning into heaven and earth energy and returning everything to zero, many people cried with joy.
这些工匠唯一担心的就是他们付不出一个魔晶的报酬。 The only thing these craftsmen worry about is that they won't be able to pay a magic crystal.
对此，王叶道：“哦，你们是工匠，是被派来干活的，超度你们的报酬都是由撒尔曼大帝支付，所以不用担心。不止你们，包括其他无辜者，比如侍卫、侍者、士兵、妻妾、俘虏之类，都是如此待遇。”
In this regard, Wang Ye said: "Oh, you are craftsmen, you are sent to work, and the remuneration for exceeding you is paid by Saarman the Great, so don't worry." Not only you, but other innocent people, such as guards, attendants, soldiers, wives, concubines, captives, etc., are treated in this way. ”
工匠们都很高兴，能无牵无挂地走，那最好了，谁也不想消散了还留下一笔债。
The craftsmen are very happy to be able to go without worry, that is the best, no one wants to dissipate and leave a debt.
有些工匠还想委托王叶为他们看望家人，但后来知道他们已经死了很多很多年，这才打消了想法。
Some craftsmen also wanted to entrust Wang Ye to visit their families for them, but later learned that they had been dead for many, many years, so they dispelled their thoughts.
不放心自己家人、亲友、爱人的亡灵不少，他们大多都是非撒家人，对于死亡时间不长的亡灵，王叶就把他们的要求都用魔影石记录下来，然后交给撒尔曼处理。
There are many undead who are not worried about their families, relatives, friends, and lovers, most of them are non-Sasa family members, and for the undead who have not been dead for a long time, Wang Ye recorded their requirements with magic shadow stones, and then handed them over to Salman to deal with.
这是撒家做下的孽债，最好还是由撒家来处理后续。 This is a debt made by the Sajia family, and it is best for the Saga family to deal with the follow-up.
而且撒尔曼做这些事也很容易，他只要交代比较可靠的手下来完成这些事就可以。
And it was easy for Salman to do these things, he only had to ask his more reliable subordinates to do these things.
“你好。”刚刚恢复神智的亡灵对王叶露出一个怯生生的笑脸。
"Hello." The undead who had just regained his senses showed a timid smile to Wang Ye.
王叶看着面前的亡灵，心里很不是滋味。 Wang Ye looked at the undead in front of him, and felt very uncomfortable.
这名亡灵看着顶多十一二岁，又瘦又小，身高还没有他高。
The undead looked eleven or twelve years old at most, thin and small, and no taller than him.
瘦小的亡灵身上长满了菌子，脸上也都是，但他此刻已经感觉不到痛苦，最重要的是他不再感受到饥饿。
The skinny undead was covered in fungi and all over his face, but he didn't feel pain at the moment, and most importantly he no longer felt hunger.
“我看到了，我父亲清醒过来，变成光，离开了地宫。”小亡灵不安又感激地望着王叶，他其实并没有完全失去神智，他还有一些记忆。
"I saw it, my father came to his senses, turned into light, and left the dungeon." The little undead looked at Wang Ye uneasily and gratefully, he hadn't completely lost his mind, he still had some memories.
这一点记忆让他一直守着自己的父亲，没有远离，也让他能亲眼看到父亲解脱的笑脸。
This memory made him keep watching his father all the time, not staying away, and it also allowed him to see his father's relieved smiling face with his own eyes.
王叶手指轻触这名小亡灵，发现这名小亡灵的精神核有些异样，这竟然是一个天生精神核十分强大的存在。
Wang Ye touched the little undead with his finger and found that the spirit core of the little undead was a little strange, this turned out to be an existence with a very powerful innate spirit core.
如果这名小亡灵没有死在地宫，他应该会在不久后就觉醒为一名厉害的超凡者，也许他在进入地宫时已经有觉醒的迹象，可惜……
If this little undead hadn't died in the dungeon, he should have awakened to a powerful transcendent in the near future, maybe he had already shown signs of awakening when he entered the dungeon, but unfortunately......
“你想要安息吗？如果你不想，也许你可以转修亡灵。亡灵在某种意义上也是一种超凡存在，他们……”
"Do you want to rest in peace? If you don't want to, maybe you can turn to the undead. The undead are also a kind of transcendent being in a sense, and they ......"
小亡灵摇头：“我想跟着父亲一起，我刚才听你跟父亲说了，现在距离我们那时候已经过了千年，我们的家早就没有了。我不想一个人待着，我想要和父亲、母亲还有姐姐在一起生活，现在就差我一个了。”
The little undead shook his head: "I want to follow my father, I just heard you tell my father, now it has been a thousand years since we were then, and our home is long gone." I don't want to be alone, I want to live with my father, my mother, and my sister, and now I'm alone. ”
“他们已经……” "They've ......"
“我知道我不会再碰见他们，但只要我的灵魂化作力量本源回归天地，就相当于和他们都在一起了，不是吗？”小亡灵怯怯地道。
"I know I won't see them again, but as long as my soul returns to heaven and earth as a source of power, it's like being with them, isn't it?" The little undead said timidly.
王叶沉默点头。 Wang Ye nodded silently.
小亡灵笑了，他笑得很快乐：“这样就好了，我不想再做一个亡灵，我想要安息。”
The little undead laughed, and he smiled happily: "That's fine, I don't want to be another undead, I want to rest in peace." ”
“好的，你会安息，你的愿望也一定会实现。”王叶忍不住对这名小亡灵施展了【祸福相依】中的祝福，祝福他能得尝心愿。
"Yes, you will rest in peace, and your wish will be granted." Wang Ye couldn't help but cast the blessing in [Blessing and Misfortune] on this little undead, wishing him to get his wish.
小亡灵轻轻碰了碰王叶的手，他似乎也很喜欢王叶，他靠近王叶，用极低的声音说道：“我有一个弟弟，我和父亲离家的时候，他和你一样大，他跟你一样有一双特别明亮的眼睛……我没有什么可以报答你的，我只能把我最好的东西送给你，这个东西我本来想送给我弟弟，但现在送给你也一样。”
The little undead touched Wang Ye's hand lightly, he seemed to like Wang Ye very much, he approached Wang Ye and said in a very low voice: "I have a younger brother, when my father and I left home, he was as old as you, and he had a pair of particularly bright eyes like you...... I have nothing to repay you, I can only give you my best thing, this one I wanted to give to my brother, but now I will give it to you as well. ”
王叶都想帮小亡灵去找他弟弟的后代，然后再把那东西送给他弟弟的后代，他最不喜欢这样的麻烦事，但他愿意为这个小亡灵麻烦一次。
Wang Yedu wanted to help the little undead find his brother's offspring, and then give that thing to his brother's offspring, he didn't like such troubles the most, but he was willing to trouble this little undead once.
可小亡灵像是猜到他在想什么，又轻轻碰了碰王叶的手指，怯怯地笑道：“这是我送给你的，不要送给别人。”
But the little undead seemed to guess what he was thinking, and lightly touched Wang Ye's finger again, and smiled timidly: "This is what I gave you, don't give it to others." ”
王叶答应了。 Wang Ye agreed.
小亡灵低声跟王叶说了他藏东西的地点，让他一定要去取，还要尽快，这才接受超度，带着欢喜的笑容，化作光点升空而去。
The little undead whispered to Wang Ye where he hid things, and told him to go and get them, and as soon as possible, so he accepted the excess, and with a happy smile, he turned into a point of light and lifted away.
因为这个小亡灵，王叶特意休息了半个小时，抱着花盆，传音骚扰雷木，和他嘀嘀咕咕。
Because of this little undead, Wang Ye deliberately rested for half an hour, holding the flower pot, transmitting sound to harass Lei Mu, and muttering to him.
“我讨厌这个地宫，讨厌那个想出这些折磨手段的魔族，我要干掉他！”
"I hate this dungeon, I hate the demon who came up with these torture methods, I want to kill him!"
“嗯，我和你一起去干掉他。” "Well, I'll go with you to kill him."
“我也讨厌撒洛特，他不应该害死这些无辜的工匠，还有那么多无辜被牵连的人。”
"I also hate Salot, he shouldn't have killed these innocent craftsmen, and so many innocent people who were implicated."
“他已经死了。” "He's dead."
“便宜他了！” "Cheap him!"
“也算不上便宜，他被囚禁千年，又在监牢里待了那么久，也许他早就后悔并疯狂了。”
"It's not cheap, he's been imprisoned for a thousand years, and he's been in prison for so long, maybe he'll regret it and go crazy a long time ago."
“……也是，你这样说我突然觉得好多了。” “…… Also, I suddenly feel much better when you say that. ”
雷木的精神力始终握着他的手。 Remu's spiritual power always held his hand.
王叶总算恢复过来，又继续干活。 Wang Ye finally recovered and continued to work.
花了整整九天时间，王叶总算把想要安息、和清醒过来却依旧想要作恶的亡灵都超度了。
It took nine full days, and Wang Ye finally overtook the undead who wanted to rest in peace and woke up but still wanted to do evil.
而这个任务也给了他丰厚回报，他总计超度了1106名亡灵。
And this mission also paid him a lot of money, as he overtook 1,106 undead in total.
曾经进入地宫的亡灵更多，但这么多年下来，很多弱小亡灵都被吞噬了，监牢中那些亡灵就是罪魁祸首。
There were more undead who had entered the dungeon, but over the years, many weak undead had been devoured, and those undead in the prison were the culprits.
而这种由魔族教导的灵魂吞噬法就可以让一个灵魂彻底消失，有些亡灵无法忍受地宫的痛苦，甚至会主动去找其他亡灵吞噬自己。
And this soul devouring method taught by the demons can make a soul disappear completely, and some undead can't bear the pain of the dungeon, and even take the initiative to find other undead to devour themselves.
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到11345399点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到八十九级。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, after deducting the experience points that have been used, the player's experience points have accumulated to 11345399 points, meet the upgrade conditions, and the game level will be upgraded to level eighty-nine.] 】
很好，他还差一级就能进入九十级大关。 It's good, he's one level away from reaching the ninety level.
等进入九十级后，以后每升一级，需要的经验值都是海量。
After entering level ninety, each level in the future will require a huge amount of experience points.
升级的事放在一边，王叶最感到欣慰的是，他的功德值达到了1106点。这个数字初步可以保证，如果他身边有谁遇到不幸，只要身体还在、只要能在四十九天内，他就有机会把人给救回来。
The matter of upgrading aside, Wang Ye was most pleased that his merit value reached 1106 points. This number can initially guarantee that if anyone around him encounters misfortune, as long as his body is still there, as long as he can do it within 49 days, he will have a chance to save people.
如果是因为衰竭期而死亡的，那就没办法了，他能复活一个死人，却没办法延长一个人固定的寿命。
If he dies because of exhaustion, then there is no way, he can resurrect a dead person, but there is no way to extend a person's fixed lifespan.
但不知为何，王叶总觉得这个能力他不能轻易动用，这就像是另一个陷阱。
But for some reason, Wang Ye always felt that he couldn't use this ability easily, which was like another trap.
他有时候会想，他上辈子死得那么早，会不会和他滥用他的因果技能也有关系。上辈子他可不会主动去做“好事”，让别人欠他。更不会讲究什么平衡，他使用技能总是肆无忌惮。
He sometimes wondered if his death so early in his previous life could have something to do with his misuse of his causal skills. In his previous life, he would not take the initiative to do "good deeds" and let others owe him. Not to mention any balance, he always uses his skills unscrupulously.
这辈子，他因为要养娃，很多事就做得比较小心翼翼。他不怕报应到自己身上，但他怕因为自己牵连到姑姑、雷木和师父们，还有家里一干老老小小。
In this life, because he wants to raise a baby, he does many things more carefully. He is not afraid of retribution on himself, but he is afraid that he will implicate his aunt, Lei Mu and masters, as well as the old and young in the family.
要小心！王叶警告自己。家里那些老老小小就是拴住他野心和欲望的绳索，他也心甘情愿被他们拴住。
Be careful! Wang Ye warned himself. The old and young in the family are the ropes that bind his ambition and desire, and he is willing to be tied to them.
除此之外，世界声望值也超过了两万，王叶已经在盘算给玩家们发布世界任务的事，他想给某些人和虫子找些麻烦，不过他还没有考虑好奖品。
In addition, the world reputation value has also exceeded 20,000, Wang Ye is already thinking about releasing world missions to players, he wants to make some trouble for some people and bugs, but he hasn't considered the prize yet.
他发布任务，就需要他自己出奖励，看起来似乎很公平。但……王叶还是忍不住暗骂，这个小气系统真的是不能再抠门了。
When he issues a task, he needs to pay his own reward, which seems fair. But...... Wang Ye still couldn't help but scold, this stingy system really can't pick the door anymore.
地宫一下空荡了好多。 The dungeon was much empty.
有两位老祖盯着整个地宫，他们能保证没有任何一个漏网之鱼，地宫里剩下的都是神志清醒且不愿被超度的亡灵。
There are two ancestors staring at the entire underground palace, they can guarantee that none of them will slip through the net, and the rest of the underground palace are unconscious spirits who are conscious and do not want to be exceeded.
对于这些剩下的亡灵，老祖没有强行抓捕他们，他们在等，看他们还能做什么。
For these remaining undead, the ancestor did not forcibly arrest them, they were waiting to see what else they could do.
而撒菲力等亡灵也确实急了，他们开始加快速度，他们其实也不想这么急，但他们都害怕老祖也把他们强行抓去消散，所以他们必须赶在老祖动手抓捕他们之前，完成他们的计划。
And Saphili and the other undead were indeed in a hurry, they began to speed up, they actually didn't want to be in such a hurry, but they were all afraid that the ancestor would also forcibly capture them and dissipate, so they had to complete their plan before the ancestor started to capture them.
这就迫使撒菲力主动联系那条不能轻易动用的外线。 This forced Safiri to reach out to the outside line that could not be easily used.
虽然他做的已经足够隐秘，但他显然还是没有意识到两位老祖的精神力有多强大，他们在这地宫中又能做到什么样的事情。
Although what he had done was secretive enough, he obviously still didn't realize how strong the spiritual power of the two ancestors was, and what kind of things they could do in this dungeon.
撒家墓地分成两边，一边荒芜，一边建有大型祭祀宫殿群。而有宫殿群的那边是有一支驻守军队的。
The cemetery is divided into two sides, one side is barren, and the other side is a large sacrificial palace complex. And on the other side of the palace complex, there is an army stationed there.
撒菲力确实在某些力量的帮助下，实力进步很快，在别的贵族亡灵大多都被困在那个宴会厅时，他已经能从宴会厅走出来，去往地宫其他地方。
Safferi had indeed improved his strength very quickly with the help of certain powers, and he was already able to walk out of the banquet hall and go to the rest of the dungeon when most of the other noble undead were trapped in that banquet hall.
他甚至能到达地面。 He can even reach the ground.
他把即将动手、希望外面配合他们的相关讯息放到了那个驻守军队炊事营的某个灶台下。
He put the message that he was about to do it, and hoped that the outside would cooperate with them, under one of the stoves in the army cooking camp.
撒菲力自以为做得很隐秘，他在回去地宫的途中，还看到了位于墓地另一边，也就是荒芜的那一边，他的儿子撒埃德穿着只有贱民才会穿的粗布衣裳，正在愁眉苦脸地捡拾野草来修葺一间摇摇欲坠的破草屋。
On his way back to the dungeon, Safiri saw his son Saeed, dressed in the coarse cloth that only untouchables wear, and was scavenging weeds to repair a crumbling hut on the other side of the cemetery, on the desolate side.
而这边的墓地外围围墙后也出现了一队军人，他们正在建造营地，似乎也要在这边驻防。
And there is also a group of soldiers behind the outer wall of the cemetery here, they are building a camp, and it seems that they will also be stationed here.
这是怎么回事？！ What's going on?!
撒埃德为什么会在这里？还这么凄惨？ Why is Saeed here? Still so miserable?
在撒菲力悄悄和儿子撒埃德接触时，另一边驻守军队的炊事营。
While Zafiri was quietly in contact with his son Saed, the army's cooking camp was stationed on the other side.
一名年岁不小的老年士兵，佝偻着背脊，推着一辆二轮车进入营地伙房。
An elderly soldier, who was not too old, pushed a two-wheeled cart into the camp with his back bent.
他的工作很简单，就是清理所有炉灶、火塘里的灰烬，把它们运送出去倾倒。
His job was simple: clean up all the ashes from the stoves and fires, and transport them out for dumping.
这工作比较辛苦，但比清理茅坑、清洗粪桶尿桶的工作要好得多，老年士兵很知足，他干这个已经干了十多年。
It's harder, but it's much better than cleaning the pits and cleaning the dung buckets and urine buckets, and the old soldier is content, and he's been doing it for more than a decade.
对于这个营地来说，他就像路边的石子一样不起眼，他经过那些士兵时，很多人都会忽视他，就连站岗的士兵都不会特别审问和检查他，也许是因为太熟悉了。
To this camp, he was as inconspicuous as a stone on the side of the road, and when he passed by those soldiers, many people would ignore him, and even the soldiers standing guard would not particularly interrogate and examine him, perhaps because he was too familiar.
而今天他也跟往常一样，非常认真地把每个炉灶和火塘的灰烬都清除得干干净净，因为他做得好，还会把周围打扫干净，这才没有人能跟他抢走这份工作。
And to-day, as usual, he took great care to clean every stove and pit of ashes, because he did a good job and cleaned up the surroundings, so that no one could take the job away from him.
有小虫子在老士兵面前飞来飞去，老士兵习以为常地挥手赶了赶。
There were small bugs flying in front of the old soldier, and the old soldier waved his hand to chase away.
老士兵推着满满一车炉灰经过大门口的站岗士兵。 The old soldier pushed a cart full of ashes past the soldiers standing guard at the gate.
士兵还是尽责的，他们用长剑戳刺灰烬，又弯腰看了看车底，确定老士兵没有夹带任何东西，这才挥手让他通过。
The soldiers were still dutiful, they stabbed the ashes with their long swords, and then bent down to look at the bottom of the car to make sure that the old soldier was not carrying anything, and then waved him through.
老士兵出了营地，一路向往日去的野外走去，那边有一个沼泽地，他每次倾倒灰烬，都是倒在那个沼泽地里。
The old soldier left the camp and walked all the way to the wilderness, where there was a swamp where he poured his ashes every time.
老士兵安安稳稳地把灰烬一铲一铲地倒入沼泽地，只有部分不小心倾洒到附近地面上和树根下。
The old soldier calmly dumped the ashes into the swamp one by one, except for some of them accidentally spilled onto the nearby ground and under the roots of the trees.
等车子彻底清空，老士兵又推着车子一步步离开。 When the car was completely emptied, the old soldier pushed the car away step by step.
沼泽地非常安静，只有鸟叫虫鸣声。 The marshland is very quiet, only the sound of birds and insects.
几只像是小蠓虫的虫子在沼泽中飞舞。 A few bugs that looked like small midges fluttered through the swamp.
大约一个小时后，天空出现一只鸟影。 About an hour later, a bird's shadow appeared in the sky.
那是一只在野外很常见的鹰隼，体型不大，但看起来特别矫健。
It was a very common falcon in the wild, small in size, but it looked very athletic.
那鹰隼两爪紧抓枝头，两只琥珀色的眼睛环视周围，似乎在寻找猎物。
The falcon clung to the branch with its two claws, and its two amber eyes looked around, as if searching for prey.
过了一会儿，那鹰隼猛地向一株树扑下，抓住什么，又迅速腾空而起。
After a while, the falcon swooped down on a tree, grabbed something, and quickly rose into the air.
鹰隼飞行速度很快，也很隐秘。 The falcon flies fast and is also very secretive.
但它完全没有注意到，几只可以在光线中隐身的小虫子正跟在他身后，而且飞行速度一点都不比它慢。
But it didn't notice at all that several small bugs that could steal in the light were following him, and they were flying no slower than it was.
撒老祖还是“强迫”王叶帮忙了，在给出了一堆好处后。
Sa Lao Zu still "forced" Wang Ye to help, after giving a bunch of benefits.
王叶转头就把这任务交给了小光，就盯梢跟踪这种事，再也没有比小光它们更适合的了。
Wang Ye turned his head and handed over this task to Xiaoguang, and he followed this kind of thing, and there was no more suitable thing than Xiaoguang.
王叶收取了两成的手续费，剩下的八成好处都转给了小光——小光它们吃得多，才能产出更多虫蜜嘛。
Wang Ye charged 20% of the handling fee, and the remaining 80% of the benefits were transferred to Xiaoguang - Xiaoguang ate more in order to produce more insect honey.
小光也非常满意，它们就算自己在外面找活做，也要给中介人一些好处费，还要防止被黑吃黑什么的——看了那么多地球影视节目，小光现在也自认是老江湖了。
Xiaoguang is also very satisfied, even if they are looking for work outside, they have to give some benefits to the intermediary, and they also have to prevent being hacked or something - after watching so many earth film and television programs, Xiaoguang now thinks that he is an old man.
至于它们产出的虫蜜要被王叶拿走许多这件事……就算交房租了吧。而且虫巢里很多东西，王叶也是随便它们吃的，不给它们也能偷吃，嘿嘿~
As for the fact that the insect honey they produce will be taken away by Wang Ye...... Even if you pay the rent. And there are a lot of things in the hive, Wang Ye also eats them casually, and he can steal them if he doesn't give them them, hehe~
王叶把小光留给大黑，如果虫子们传回什么消息，小光可以跟大黑交流。
Wang Ye left Xiaoguang to Da Hei, and if the insects sent back any news, Xiao Guang could communicate with Da Hei.
再由大黑转告两位老祖。 Then Da Hei told the two ancestors.
小光其实可以和两位老祖直接交流，但她不愿意。王叶有时候也搞不清楚她的逻辑，就随她去了。
Xiaoguang can actually communicate directly with the two ancestors, but she is unwilling. Wang Ye sometimes couldn't figure out her logic, so he went with her.
王叶一个人去了那个小亡灵告诉他的地方。 Wang Ye went to the place where the little undead told him alone.
但他心理上不是一个人，因为雷木的精神力一直和他相系。
But he is not a person psychologically, because Lei Mu's spiritual power has always been connected to him.
好吧，有虫巢那么一堆老老小小，他想一个人去哪儿也不可能。疯药王和靳蜘蛛都喜欢看热闹，非特殊情况都不让王叶关闭虫巢。
Well, there are so many worm nests, and it's impossible for him to go anywhere alone. The Mad Medicine King and Jin Spider both like to watch the excitement, and they don't let Wang Ye close the hive unless there are special circumstances.
一路上疯药王就在那儿叨叨叨，猜测那个小亡灵会给王叶留什么样的好东西。
Along the way, the Mad Medicine King was chattering there, guessing what kind of good things that little undead would leave for Wang Ye.
王叶不禁觉得疯药王太闲了。 Wang Ye couldn't help but feel that the mad medicine king was too idle.
“你不是在用阴石、寒泉水和幽影蘑菇研究亡灵药剂吗？怎么又有空了？”
"Aren't you researching the Elixir of the Dead with Yin Stone, Cold Spring Water, and Shadow Mushrooms? Why are you free again? ”
“我有预感，闻笛就要醒了，我打算等他醒来，和他一起琢磨。”
"I have a hunch that I am about to wake up when I hear the flute, and I plan to wait for him to wake up and ponder with him."
“你是碰壁了吧？遇到难题了？” "You've hit a wall, haven't you? Got a problem? ”
“滚！我这么聪明的人怎么可能碰壁？” "Get out! How could someone as smart as me hit a wall? ”
王叶笑嘻嘻地和疯药王斗着嘴，其实他也不希望疯药王一个劲埋头研究药剂，不管是人还是亡灵，还是应该适当休息，并享受生活。
Wang Ye grinned and quarreled with the Mad Medicine King, in fact, he didn't want the Mad Medicine King to bury his head in researching the potion, whether it was a human or an undead, he should still rest properly and enjoy life.
“我也感觉闻笛师父快醒了，还有生命之树。”王叶很奇怪闻笛师父这次转化和提升，竟然会花这么长时间，难道是因为闻笛师父的资质比兰道师父和虫老都好得多？
"I also feel that Master Wendi is about to wake up, and there is still the Tree of Life." Wang Ye was very surprised that Master Wendi's transformation and promotion would take so long this time, could it be because Master Wendi's qualifications were much better than those of Master Landau and Worm Elder?
应该不是，虫老和兰道师父的资质显然也是异常优异的。
It shouldn't be, the qualifications of Worm Elder and Master Landau are obviously extremely good.
这个谜也只有等闻笛师父醒来，才能知晓了。 This mystery can only be known when Master Wendi wakes up.
“雷木变成生命之种重新生长，再进入虫巢，似乎对生命之树和闻笛都有些影响。”疯药王说出他的观察所得。
"Thunderwood turns into a seed of life and regrows, and then enters the hive, which seems to have some effect on both the tree of life and Wendi." The Mad Medicine King spoke out of his observations.
“另外，虫巢这几天也有一些变化，你感觉出来了吗？”疯药王问。
"In addition, the hive has also undergone some changes in the past few days, do you feel it?" The Mad Medicine King asked.
王叶摇头：“虫巢每天都有变化，但也许是我和它就是一体，它变化不大，我就感觉不出来。”
Wang Ye shook his head: "The insect nest changes every day, but maybe it's me and it's one, it doesn't change much, I can't feel it." ”
“有变化！”疯药王很肯定地道：“不止是雷木的原因，应该和你超度那些亡灵也有关系。”
"There's a change!" The Mad Medicine King said with certainty: "It's not just Lei Mu's reason, it should also have something to do with your excess of those undead." ”
疯药王又嘀咕：“超度这个词很有意思，是你家乡那边的用词吗？”
The Mad Medicine King muttered again: "The word transcendence is very interesting, is it a word used in your hometown?" ”
“嗯。” "Hmm."
“你的能力很古怪，没想到竟然能净化亡灵，还能让他们彻底安息。你有没有想过再去一趟知识之城？”
"Your abilities are very strange, I didn't expect to be able to purify the undead and give them a complete rest. Have you ever thought about going to the City of Knowledge again? ”
王叶脚步一顿。 Wang Ye paused.
疯药王立即道：“不是我，是靳蜘蛛，他想让你再去一趟知识之城。”
The Mad Medicine King immediately said, "It's not me, it's Jin Spider, he wants you to go to the City of Knowledge again." ”
疯药王现在也被传染得叫靳元辉为靳蜘蛛了。 The Mad Medicine King is now also infected to call Jin Yuanhui Jin Spider.
靳蜘蛛无奈，只能开口：“喂，我只是跟你随便说说，知识之城有城主伯里在，王叶现在就去那边可不是什么明智行为，被困住怎么办？”
Jin Spider was helpless, so he could only speak: "Hey, I'm just telling you casually, there is a city lord Burry in the City of Knowledge, it's not a wise move for Wang Ye to go there now, what if you are trapped?" ”
疯药王哼唧：“偷偷的去就是，虫巢已经升级，有盲石壳的效用，王叶溜进去只要小心一点，也不会被伯里察觉。我想让他把我的魔法塔给收回来，我不想我的魔法塔落在别人手上。”
The Crazy Medicine King snorted: "Sneak away, the worm nest has been upgraded, and it has the effect of a blind stone shell, as long as Wang Ye sneaks in, he will not be detected by Burry." I want him to take my tower back, I don't want my tower to fall into the hands of someone else. ”
疯药王又诱惑王叶：“我的魔法塔可是有很多环境各异的田地，如果能和虫巢融合，你就有了一个可以种植不同种类药植的大型药田，你又有小云帮忙，还有雷木，生命之树在发芽和觉醒期间，溢出的生命之力最为丰富，难道都要浪费掉吗？你看就这么几天，虫巢的药田和蔬菜瓜果都收几波了？”
The Crazy Medicine King tempted Wang Ye again: "My magic tower has a lot of fields with different environments, if it can be fused with the insect hive, you will have a large medicine field that can grow different kinds of medicinal plants, and you have Xiaoyun to help, and Lei Mu, the tree of life is the most abundant in overflowing life force during the germination and awakening period, do you have to waste it?" Do you see that in just a few days, how many waves have the medicine fields and vegetables and fruits of the insect nest been harvested? ”
王叶心动：“我会考虑。” Wang Ye was moved: "I will consider it." ”
王叶为了不让地宫中剩下的某些亡灵知道他的行动，他一路过来都是藏身在虫巢中。
In order to prevent some of the remaining undead in the dungeon from knowing his actions, Wang Ye hid in the worm nest all the way over.
王叶观察周围，感觉已经找到了小亡灵跟他说的地方。 Wang Ye looked around and felt that he had found the place where the little undead had told him.
“墙壁上大量的会发光的紫色菌丝，看起来就像一张鬼脸……应该就是这里了。”王叶贴近鬼脸的嘴巴处，感受到一点点风，找到位置就钻了进去。
"There was a lot of glowing purple mycelium on the walls, and it looked like a grimace...... This should be the place. Wang Ye was close to the mouth of the grimace, felt a little wind, found the position and got in.
小亡灵其实告诉了他另一个进入鬼脸后方的方法，但王叶没用，不是谨慎，而是用不着。
The little undead actually told him another way to get behind the grimace, but Wang Ye didn't need it, not cautiously, but not needy.
鬼脸墙壁后方有一条狭窄的通道，通道很光滑，但没有任何壁画，也没有菌丝蔓延到这里，干净得不可思议。
There is a narrow passage behind the grimace wall, the passage is smooth, but there are no frescoes and no mycelium to spread here, it is incredibly clean.
通道不长，只有十来米距离，后面就是一间看起来像是储藏室的空间。
The passage is not long, only about ten meters away, and at the back is a space that looks like a storage room.
储藏室里有不少木桶，小亡灵告诉他，这里就是地宫的酒窖，里面放的木桶里盛装的都是真正的美酒。
There were a lot of barrels in the storeroom, and the little undead told him that this was the cellar of the dungeon, and that the barrels in it were filled with real wine.
如今这些酒桶都已经空了。 The barrels are now empty.
王叶从虫巢里出来，挪开这些酒桶，露出下方地面。 Wang Ye came out of the hive and removed the barrels, revealing the ground below.
王叶用手指敲打地面，声音很沉厚，下方不像是有空间。
Wang Ye tapped the ground with his fingers, the sound was very deep, and it didn't seem like there was space below.
但王叶相信小亡灵不会骗他，因果卷也告诉他，小亡灵对他没有任何恶意。
But Wang Ye believed that the little undead would not lie to him, and the cause and effect scroll also told him that the little undead had no ill will towards him.
王叶仔细观察这些地板，终于发现了一点痕迹。 Wang Ye carefully observed these floors and finally found a little trace.
这里竟然有一个魔法阵。 There's actually a magic circle here.
不过魔法阵被隐藏了起来，如果不是精通魔法阵的人，看到那些痕迹会以为是酒桶里的酒水渗出后留下的痕迹。
However, the magic circle is hidden, and if you are not proficient in the magic circle, you will think that those traces are left after the wine in the barrel seeps out.
“那个小亡灵神神秘秘的，他到底要送你什么礼物？” "That little undead god is mysterious, what kind of gift does he want to give you?"
“他不是要送我礼物，他是想告诉我什么，但他不敢明说。”王叶在此时终于说道。
"He didn't mean to give me a gift, he wanted to tell me something, but he didn't dare to say it." Wang Ye finally said at this time.
疯药王一愣，那个小亡灵还挺聪明，他都相信对方真的要送王叶一份礼物。
The Mad Medicine King was stunned, that little undead was quite smart, and he believed that the other party really wanted to give Wang Ye a gift.
“但也许这真的是一份礼物。”王叶拿出一张卷轴。 "But maybe it's really a gift." Wang Ye took out a scroll.
这张卷轴可以专门破解所有隐藏魔法。 This scroll can specifically crack all the hidden magic.
隐藏这个魔法阵的人大概也想不到有人会找到这里，并且还能看出这里有一个隐藏魔法阵，更有方法破解它。
The person who hides this magic circle probably can't imagine that anyone will find this place, and they can also see that there is a hidden magic circle here, and there is a way to crack it.
被隐藏的魔法阵暴露了出来。 The hidden magic array was exposed.
王叶勾起唇角：“怪不得空心变实心，这是一个门户保护魔法阵，这下面一定有重要的东西。”
Wang Ye hooked the corners of his lips: "No wonder the hollow has become solid, this is a portal protection magic array, there must be something important underneath." ”
小亡灵告诉了他详细地点，只说礼物就在酒桶下方，却没有说明礼物是什么，也没告诉他取礼物的方法。显然小亡灵也不知道如何打开这个门户，他应该是在无意间看到了什么，知道这下方有东西。
The little undead told him the exact location, saying that the gift was under the barrel, but did not explain what the gift was or how to take it. Apparently the little undead didn't know how to open this portal either, he must have seen something by accident and knew that there was something down there.
第321章 坐享其成 Chapter 321: Sit back and enjoy it
王叶撸起袖子。不好意思，这个魔法阵他学过。 Wang Ye rolled up his sleeves. I'm sorry, he's learned this magic array.
难者不会，会者不难。 Those who are difficult will not, and those who will will not be difficult.
在疯药王和靳蜘蛛的眼中，就看王叶只在魔法阵上动了两个地方，就听到一阵咔咔声响。
In the eyes of the Mad Medicine King and Jin Spider, seeing that Wang Ye only moved two places on the magic array, he heard a clicking sound.
地砖移开，露出了下方被魔法阵保护的空间。 The floor tiles moved away, revealing the space below that was protected by the magic circle.
“喝！”王叶惊叹。 "Drink!" Wang Ye exclaimed.
下方空间宛如一个酒池，不过里面盛的不是酒水，而是宛如血脉经络一样的鲜红色菌丝。
The space below resembles a wine pool, but instead of wine, it contains bright red mycelium like blood meridians.
这些菌丝密密麻麻地铺设在整个酒池中，而酒池中央躺着一个人。
These myceliums are densely laid throughout the wine pool, and in the center of the wine pool lies a person.
这个人身上却干干净净，菌丝半点都没有钻入他身体，只在他身下和身上蔓延。
The man was clean, and the mycelium did not penetrate his body at all, only spread under and over him.
这情景，有点像是一个人躺在了一张菌丝钩织而成的床铺上，身上笼罩着菌丝薄被，只不过头脸也被盖住了。
This scene is a bit like a person lying on a bed crocheted with mycelium, covered with a thin quilt of mycelium, but his head and face are also covered.
“活人？”疯药王兴致勃勃地伸头看。 "Living?" The Mad Medicine King looked at it with great interest.
王叶略微查探：“是活人，不过精神体貌似不在身体中。”
Wang Ye investigated slightly: "It's a living person, but the spiritual body doesn't seem to be in the body." ”
“有意思。”疯药王戳靳蜘蛛：“这情况是不是跟你有点像？”
"Interesting." The Mad Medicine King poked Jin Spider: "Is this situation a bit similar to you?" ”
靳蜘蛛直接从虫巢出来，靠近那个人，观察一番后，说道：“是跟我比较像，这具身体也进入了衰竭期，就剩一口气了。但他跟我的最大区别是，我的精神体还沉睡在我的身体中，但这位已经把他的精神体全部转移出去，包括最重要的精神核都不在。”
“但应该还有一点联系吧？”王叶摸下巴。
“那肯定有，如果身体主人不想放弃这具身体的话。”靳蜘蛛道。
“这具身体活多久了？”疯药王很想查验看看。
靳蜘蛛直接对这具身体施展了查验骨龄的魔法，很快就得出答案：“这具身体至少五百岁了。”
“那不是跟你的实际年龄差不多？”疯药王这话一出，三人一起看向那具身体。
“知识之城的人？”靳蜘蛛宛如自言自语道。
疯药王撺掇王叶：“把他脸上的菌丝弄下来，我看看他长什么样，说不定我和老靳认识他。”
王叶却摇头道：“这菌丝不能随便弄。这个池子里所有菌丝都是按照魔法阵的安排长出来的，牵一发动全身。”
“魔法阵？”
“对，他睡在一个非常复杂的复合型魔法阵上。这个魔法阵……我没办法解开，这是一个圣级魔法阵。”王叶非常肯定地说道。
疯药王呢喃了一句脏话：“圣级魔法阵，这家伙绝对所图不小。”
王叶指着菌丝构成的超复杂魔法阵，道：“我虽然没有办法破解，但我能大概看出几个构成，这几个构成分别是减缓能量消耗、保护、隔绝、能量聚集以及能量传递的作用。我怀疑这些菌丝……”
王叶蹲下来，手指轻轻抚摸这些菌丝，并沿着菌丝碰触池底和池壁。
王叶闭上眼睛细细感受，过了一会儿才说道：“这些菌丝都已经蔓延出去，很可能遍及整个地宫。”
靳蜘蛛身为圣级炼金师，他虽然不精通魔法阵，但也懂。
他围着酒池走了几遍，慎重道：“小叶子说得不错，这个魔法阵不能轻易动它，弄不好就会造成大爆炸。”
“爆炸，为什么？”疯药王对魔法阵那是半点不通。
靳蜘蛛回答：“因为能量。这个魔法阵的一个重要作用就是把能量传递到这里，并集中到这个身体中。而这个魔法阵一直在运转，而这具身体能维持五百年仍旧保持一定生机，就是因为被运送过来的这些能量。”
疯药王懂了，也乐了：“这么说这具身体一直在窃取这座地宫的能量？这是撒家人？”
“九成和撒家有关，否则外人想要在地宫深处开辟出这么一个空间，可没那么容易。而且这里应该是在前几次修建地宫的时候趁机建成。”王叶推测。
"Ninety percent has something to do with the Sajia family, otherwise it would not be so easy for outsiders to open up such a space in the depths of the dungeon. And this place should have been built on the occasion of the previous construction of the underground palace. Wang Ye speculated.
“而且……”王叶有了一个更加大胆地猜测：“这可是一个圣级复合型魔法阵，如此复杂的魔法阵只用来维持一具身体的生机那也太可惜，并且大材小用。所以这具身体一定在图谋更大的利益，比如……”
"And ......" Wang Ye had a more daring guess: "This is a saint-level compound magic array, it would be a pity that such a complex magic array is only used to maintain the vitality of a body, and it is overkill." So this body must be trying for the greater good, such as ......"
“比如整座地宫的能量？”疯药王嘿嘿接口。
“对！撒菲力很可能上当受骗了，他忙来忙去，说不定都是在为他人做嫁衣裳。我之前就奇怪，如果想要让撒菲力‘复活’，只要帮他夺舍一个人，就能达到目的。那为什么那些人还要欺骗他，说要用整个地宫的力量来帮他真正复活？”
"That's right! Saphiri may have been deceived, and he was busy making wedding clothes for others. I wondered before that if I wanted to 'resurrect' Saphiri, I could only do it by helping him take away someone. Then why did those people still deceive him, saying that they would use the power of the entire underground palace to help him truly resurrect? ”
王叶低头看向睡在酒池中的神秘无名氏：“现在想来应该就是为了这个人。有人想要借用整座地宫，甚至是地宫中所有亡灵的能量，来让这具身体重返青春、重获生机。”
Wang Ye looked down at the mysterious nameless man sleeping in the wine pool: "Now that I think about it, it should be for this person." Some people want to borrow the energy of the entire dungeon, or even all the undead in the dungeon, to rejuvenate this body and rejuvenate it. ”
“献祭术？”研究过这些的靳蜘蛛道。 "Sacrifice?" Jin Spider Dao, who has studied these.
王叶肯定：“对，这就是一场大型献祭！我敢打赌，撒菲力正在布置的就是一个献祭魔法阵，而那个魔法阵最后传递能量的源头就是这里。”
Wang Ye affirmed: "Yes, this is a large-scale sacrifice!" I'm willing to bet that Saphiri is arranging a sacrificial magic circle, and that's where the final source of the power is transmitted. ”
“竟然有人敢和魔族争抢能量，胆子也是很大了。”疯药王桀桀怪笑。
"Someone dares to compete with the demons for energy, and they are very bold." The mad medicine king laughed strangely.
“他们都敢把邪神雕像放到联系魔族的祭坛上，借用那里的能量滋养雕像，他们还有什么不敢的？”王叶冷笑。
"They all dare to put the evil god statue on the altar that connects the demons, and borrow the energy there to nourish the statue, what else would they not dare?" Wang Ye sneered.
靳蜘蛛也淡淡说道：“反正魔族也过不来，对某些人来说，只要是能利用的能量，那就先利用起来。你忘了当年知识之城的某些人有多疯狂了吗？”
Jin Spider also said lightly: "Anyway, the demon clan can't get by, for some people, as long as it is energy that can be used, then use it first." Have you forgotten how crazy some people in the City of Knowledge were back then? ”
疯药王撇撇嘴：“难道我们现在就看着这具身体吸收整个地宫的能量吗？好不爽！”
The Mad Medicine King pouted: "Could it be that we are watching this body absorb the energy of the entire underground palace now?" It's so unpleasant! ”
王叶：“我让浮游光虫去找两位老祖。这事和整个地宫也和撒家有关，必须让他们知道。”
Wang Ye: "I asked the plankton light worm to find the two ancestors." This matter is related to the entire underground palace and the Sajia family, and they must be made aware of it. ”
疯药王和靳蜘蛛对此倒是不反对。 The Mad Medicine King and Jin Spider did not object to this.
两位老祖收到联系来得很快。 The two ancestors received the contact very quickly.
但他们对这个圣级魔法阵也是束手无策。 But they were also helpless against this saint-level magic array.
“只有一个不是办法的办法了，干脆就借用这具身体和这个魔法阵，把整个地宫炸了吧。”撒老祖火爆地道。
"There's only one way that isn't a solution, just borrow this body and this magic array and blow up the entire dungeon." Sa Lao Zu said hotly.
王叶对此无可无不可，反正地宫也不是他家的。等等，好像现在是他家的了，毕竟他也是银月帝国的继承人之一。
Wang Ye has nothing to do with this, anyway, the underground palace is not his family. Wait, it seems that it is his family now, after all, he is also one of the heirs of the Silver Moon Empire.
象夫人按住丈夫，冷冷道：“再等等，等他们把献祭阵法弄出来，你我保住撒赛亚等几个不应该被献祭的亡灵，其他的都不用管，他们自己作死，就让他们自己付出应付的代价。”
Mrs. Xiang held her husband down and said coldly: "Wait a little longer, when they get the sacrificial formation out, you and I will keep Sasaiah and a few other undead who should not be sacrificed, and don't worry about the rest, they will die by themselves, and let them pay the price they should pay." ”
“你是说，就让他们献祭整个地宫和地宫剩下来的亡灵？”撒老祖挠头。
"You mean, just let them sacrifice the entire dungeon and the remaining undead of the dungeon?" Sa Lao Zu scratched his head.
象夫人：“反正除了撒赛亚几个，剩下的那些亡灵就没一个好货，留着也是祸害。等能量全都传递到这具身体上时，我们再引爆这个魔法阵，也算一了百了。”
Madame Elephant: "Anyway, except for a few Sasaiah, none of the remaining undead are good, and it is a disaster to keep them." When all the energy is transferred to this body, we can detonate this magic array again, and it will be a hundred. ”
撒老祖同意了。 Sazu agreed.
王叶正要离开，这里的事已经用不上他。 Wang Ye was about to leave, and he was no longer needed for things here.
“不用引爆，那太可惜了。”一道沙哑却不难听的声音突然出现。
"It would be a shame not to detonate it." A hoarse but not unpleasant voice suddenly appeared.
王叶瞪大眼睛，满脸惊喜：“师父！你醒了？” Wang Ye's eyes widened, and his face was full of surprise: "Master! Are you awake? ”
闻笛没好气地道：“没醒，只是被你这个蠢货气得不能继续睡下去。”
Wen Di said angrily: "I didn't wake up, but I was so angry that I couldn't continue to sleep because of you idiot." ”
王叶不爽：“我哪里蠢了？” Wang Ye was unhappy: "Where am I stupid?" ”
“还说你不蠢？这么现成一个圣级魔法阵，你不想着利用，却想着引爆它？你得多蠢才能想到这么一个主意？”闻笛听到这几个人的计划时，简直痛心疾首。
"And say you're not stupid? Such a ready-made saint-level magic array, you don't want to use it, but you want to detonate it? How stupid do you have to be to come up with such an idea? When Wen Di heard about the plans of these people, he was heartbroken.
两位老祖互看，他们听到声音，却没见到人。 The two ancestors looked at each other, and they heard the voice, but they didn't see anyone.
不过看王叶的回应态度，应该是自己人没错了。 However, looking at Wang Ye's response attitude, it should be his own person.
王叶叫屈：“这可是圣级魔法阵，您又还没有醒来，我怎么知道要怎么利用它？”
Wang Ye shouted: "This is a saint-level magic array, and you haven't woken up yet, how do I know how to use it?" ”
“所以说你蠢。又不是让你破解它，只是利用你都不会，原来教你的那些，你都扔回给我了吗？”
"So you're stupid. It's not for you to crack it, but you won't be able to use it, and you threw all the things you taught back to me? ”
“可您也没教我圣级……” "But you didn't teach me the Holy ......."
“想想那些游戏！我布置的那些关卡，其中就有类似的魔法阵，虽然不如这个复杂，但原理都一样，只要你用心学习过并有一定感悟，你肯定知道要怎么利用这个圣级复合型魔法阵，而不是只想着怎么破坏它、引爆它。”
"Think about those games! The levels I have arranged, among them are similar magic arrays, although they are not as complex as this, but the principle is the same, as long as you have studied it carefully and have a certain understanding, you must know how to use this saint-level compound magic array, instead of just thinking about how to destroy it and detonate it. ”
王叶忽然感到了一丝怪异，怎么闻笛师父的口吻就好像知道他上辈子都给他布置了什么功课和“游戏”？
Wang Ye suddenly felt a little weird, how could he hear Master Di's tone as if he knew what homework and "games" he had assigned him in his previous life?
“师父您……” "Master, you ......"
“我现在只跟你解说一遍，你给我仔细听好，如果你听完还不能理解，你就给我去把疯药王的药典全部默写一遍，不准用魔法，给我用手写！”
"I'll only explain it to you once now, you listen carefully to me, if you still can't understand after listening, you can go and write all the pharmacopoeia of the Mad Medicine King for me, no magic, write it by hand for me!"
王叶：啊啊啊！这熟悉的腔调、熟悉的惩罚手段！ Wang Ye: Ahhhh This familiar tone, a familiar means of punishment!
“师师师父，您是不是……” "Master, Master, are you ......?"
“闭嘴！老实听着。” "Shut up! Listen honestly. ”
“哦。”王叶立马乖乖闭嘴。 "Oh." Wang Ye immediately shut up obediently.
闻笛一边讲解，一边让王叶实操。 Wen Di explained while letting Wang Ye practice.
也就是王叶基础是打得真的牢靠，才能举一反三，闻笛说一遍，他就知道要怎么做了。
That is to say, Wang Ye's foundation is really solid, so that he can draw inferences, and when he hears the flute, he will know what to do.
当然如果不是特别了解王叶，闻笛也不会让王叶冒然动手。
Of course, if he didn't know Wang Ye very well, Wen Di wouldn't let Wang Ye take the liberty of making a move.
之后两位老祖和虫巢中的老小就看到王叶非常细心、手也非常稳地，把覆盖在最上层的菌丝打开了一个口子。
After that, the two ancestors and the eldest child in the insect hive saw that Wang Ye was very careful and his hands were very steady, and he opened a hole in the mycelium covering the top layer.
然后王叶进入虫巢钻入了那个口子中。 Then Wang Ye entered the hive and burrowed into the opening.
这个口子其实就是魔法阵打开了一条缝隙，否则不管之前王叶变得多小，他都没办法直接钻入魔法阵中。
This opening is actually a gap opened in the magic array, otherwise no matter how small Wang Ye became before, he would not be able to directly drill into the magic array.
而只要王叶能进入这个魔法阵，剩下的事就简单了。 And as long as Wang Ye can enter this magic array, the rest will be simple.
他把那具身体用最快速度收入虫巢，放入隔离间，还很鸡贼地给这具身体灌了一点灵液，保持对方的身体生机不会立即降低，以免被对方的精神体察觉。而他自己的身体则在一瞬间出现在魔法阵中，代替了那具身体。
He put the body into the hive as quickly as possible, put it in the isolation room, and poured a little spiritual liquid into the body to keep the vitality of the other party's body from immediately decreasing, so as not to be detected by the other party's spirit body. And his own body appeared in the magic circle in an instant, replacing that body.
整个代替过程非常快，速度甚至都不到千分之一秒，魔法阵甚至没有察觉能量传递中心换了对象。
The entire substitution process was very fast, the speed was not even a thousandth of a second, and the magic array didn't even notice that the energy transfer center had changed objects.
这事说起来简单，实际上要对魔法阵真的非常了解，还要有极为稳当的心态和手法，更要足够快，还要能把那具身体处理掉，并彻底隔绝掉身体和魔法阵之间的联系。
This is easy to say, in fact, you must really know a lot about the magic array, you must have an extremely stable mentality and techniques, and you must be fast enough, and you must be able to dispose of that body, and completely cut off the connection between the body and the magic array.
这世上能同时达到这么多条件的人，那是真的不多。 There are really not many people in this world who can meet so many conditions at the same time.
两位老祖看到酒池中躺着的身体突然就小了好几号，当时就乐了。
The two ancestors were happy when they saw that the body lying in the wine pool suddenly became several sizes smaller.
他们虽然看不到王叶的脸，但这么多日相处，王叶的气息和精神力波动，他们已经非常熟悉。
Although they couldn't see Wang Ye's face, they were already very familiar with Wang Ye's aura and mental power fluctuations after so many days together.
“干得好！干得妙！”撒老祖哈哈大笑。 "Well done! Well done! Sa's ancestor laughed.
象夫人也勾起了唇角，这招釜底抽薪确实妙极了。 Mrs. Xiang also curled the corners of her lips, this trick is really wonderful.
不对，这不止是釜底抽薪，这根本就是雀占鸠巢，坐收渔翁之利。
No, this is not just a salary draw from the bottom of the kettle, this is simply a bird occupying the dove's nest and reaping the benefits of the fisherman.
现在是那些阴谋算计的人要为王小叶做嫁衣裳了。好，太好了！
Now it's those who are conspiring and calculating to make wedding clothes for Wang Xiaoye. Well, great!
王叶也给两位老祖传音说明了情况。 Wang Ye also explained the situation to the two ancestors.
两位老祖心情极为愉快，让王叶一切放心，保证他能享受到那些人辛辛苦苦忙碌后的成果。
The two ancestors were in an extremely happy mood, which reassured Wang Ye and guaranteed that he could enjoy the fruits of those people's hard work.
最后地宫总是要毁掉的，但如果能毁灭得更值得，还能把别人辛苦谋算的所有好处都抢过来，那对于地宫来说，还有比这个更好的结局吗？
In the end, the dungeon always has to be destroyed, but if it can be destroyed more worthwhile, and all the benefits of other people's hard work can be snatched, then for the dungeon, is there a better ending than this?
两位老祖甚至忍不住想，也许地宫和地宫中的亡灵们也不想让别人来占这个便宜，王叶帮助了他们，他们也就回馈了王叶。
The two ancestors couldn't help but think, maybe the undead in the dungeon and the dungeon didn't want others to take advantage of this, Wang Ye helped them, and they gave back to Wang Ye.
虽然那个小亡灵也许根本不知道他回馈了什么，他只是跟王叶说出了一个他不曾对别人说出的秘密。
Although the little undead may not have known what he gave back, he just told Wang Ye a secret that he had never told anyone else.
王叶也在想，也许这个美酒储藏间，包括那个酒池就是小亡灵父子修建的，小亡灵说不定看到了更多。
Wang Ye was also thinking, maybe this wine storage room, including the wine pool, was built by the little undead father and son, and the little undead might have seen more.
而小亡灵因为精神核的特殊，他看不懂魔法阵，但应该感受到那里有能量在汇集，所以他说那里有礼物，他认为那个酒池里有好东西。
And because of the special spirit core, the little undead can't understand the magic array, but he should feel that there is energy gathering there, so he said that there are gifts there, and he thinks that there are good things in that wine pool.
谢谢，这里确实有好东西，这可是一份超级大礼。 Thanks, there's something good here, it's a great gift.
王叶躺在酒池里不能动弹，闲着没事干，就开始骚扰他闻笛师父。
Wang Ye lay in the wine pool and couldn't move, and when he was idle and had nothing to do, he began to harass him and heard the flute.
“师父，快回答我，你是不是有了上辈子的记忆？您会沉睡这么长时间，会不会就是在融合上辈子的记忆？师父，求快说啊~”
"Master, answer me quickly, do you have memories of your previous life? You will sleep for so long, will it be just merging the memories of your previous life? Master, please speak quickly~"
闻笛啼笑皆非，这小兔崽子竟然就这么直接问了出来？真是一点都不懂得婉转。
Hearing the flute and laughing, this little rabbit cub actually asked so directly? I really don't know how to be tactful at all.
“嗯。” "Hmm."
“……您这个嗯是什么意思？” “…… What do you mean by that? ”
“就是你想的那个意思。” "That's what you mean."
听到闻笛承认了，王叶反而迷茫了：“师父，你怎么就突然能融合上辈子的记忆了？”
Hearing Wen Di admit it, Wang Ye was confused: "Master, why are you suddenly able to fuse the memories of your previous life?" ”
“这要问你。” "I'm going to ask you."
“问我？”王叶更糊涂了。 "Ask me?" Wang Ye was even more confused.
闻笛点明：“你回来的时候，是不是带回了另外两团意识？”
Wen Di pointed out: "When you came back, did you bring back the other two groups of consciousness?" ”
“哎？”王叶想到了元宇宙钥匙，他确实猜测过元宇宙钥匙不但把他的灵魂保护住，有可能在他的强烈意愿下，也吸收并护住了闻笛和雷木的灵魂。
"Huh?" Wang Ye thought of the Metaverse Key, and he did guess that the Metaverse Key not only protected his soul, but also absorbed and protected the souls of Wendi and Lei Mu under his strong will.
“我在你的虫巢中进阶时忽然感觉到一股和我同源的能量，那能量团主动接近我，并融入我的精神海中。”
"When I advanced in your hive, I suddenly felt a wave of energy of the same origin as me, and that energy mass actively approached me and merged into my spiritual sea."
闻笛似乎猜到王叶在想什么，坦然笑道：“是的，你没猜错，上辈子的我和这辈子的我融合了，我是他，他也是我。你明白吗？”
Wen Di seemed to guess what Wang Ye was thinking, and smiled calmly: "Yes, you guessed right, I in the previous life and me in this life have merged, I am him, and he is me." Do you understand? ”
王叶：“……明白。” Wang Ye: "...... Got it. ”
就像他明白，这辈子的他也是主动和他融合的，而对方的期待只有两个，一个是报复老王，还有一个就是希望姑姑能幸福。
It's like he understands that in this life, he also took the initiative to integrate with him, and the other party only had two expectations, one was to take revenge on Lao Wang, and the other was to hope that his aunt would be happy.
“您说两团意识？”王叶颤抖，“还有一团……” "You mean two groups of consciousness?" Wang Ye trembled, "There is still a ball of ......"
闻笛：“雷木现在应该也在融合那团意识，不过雷木要比我简单，因为那团意识本来就很薄弱，如果没有雷木，它很快就会消散。”
Wen Di: "Lei Mu should also be fusing that group of consciousness now, but Lei Mu is simpler than me, because that group of consciousness is already very weak, and if there is no Lei Mu, it will soon dissipate." ”
王叶心情非常怪异，他即觉得圆满了，又有点不好意思和雷木说话了。
Wang Ye was in a very strange mood, he felt that he was satisfied, and he was a little embarrassed to talk to Lei Mu.
因为上辈子，仗着雷木是傀儡没有自己的意识，他可是和那个雷木说了很多傻话，还在他面前做了很多很丢脸很私人的事情。
Because in his previous life, relying on Lei Mu to be a puppet and not having his own consciousness, he said a lot of stupid things to that Lei Mu, and did a lot of very embarrassing and personal things in front of him.
啊啊啊！不能想。 Ahhh Can't think.
木木，我们暂且绝交吧。 Mumu, let's break up for the time being.
雷木的精神力传来笑意。他还说：“没事，看成年的你那样，还挺有意思的，和现在的你完全不同。”
A smile came from Raimu's spiritual power. He also said: "It's okay, it's quite interesting to look at you as an adult, it's completely different from what you are now." ”
王叶想要捂脸。 Wang Ye wanted to cover his face.
“我现在才知道，我那时并没有完全失去意识，只是我的意识都藏入了精神核中，不再对外界有反应。但我记得外界的一切。”雷木又道。
"I now know that I didn't completely lose consciousness at that time, but my consciousness was hidden in the mental core and no longer reacted to the outside world. But I remember everything from the outside world. Lei Mu said again.
王叶的好奇心升起：“这么说来，木木你现在已经知道上辈子你身上发生的所有事情了？”
Wang Ye's curiosity rose: "So, Mumu, you now know everything that happened to you in your previous life?" ”
“差不多吧。有些事情，上辈子的我也不清楚，但和这辈子的记忆互相验证，很多事情的真相就浮出了水面。”雷木笑道。
"Pretty much. There are some things that I don't know in my previous life, but when I verify each other with the memories of this life, the truth of many things surfaces. Remu laughed.
“木木……” "Mumu ......"
“别急，以后我会慢慢跟你说。” "Don't worry, I'll tell you slowly in the future."
结果王叶说的却是：“你和上辈子的你融合，可你竟然没有告诉我。如果不是今天师父醒来骂我，你们打算瞒我多久？你们两个人竟然联手隐瞒我，哼！”
As a result, what Wang Ye said was: "You are fused with you in your previous life, but you didn't tell me." If Master hadn't woken up and scolded me today, how long would you have been hiding from me? The two of you have joined forces to hide from me, huh! ”
雷木：“……呃，我想给你一个惊喜？” Remu: "...... Uh, I want to surprise you? ”
“这叫惊喜吗？这根本就是惊吓！”王叶在雷木的精神海中滚过来滚过去。反正雷木已经看过所有他丢脸的地方，他已经不在乎形象了。
"Is this called a surprise? It's just a scare! Wang Ye rolled over in the spiritual sea of Lei Mu. Anyway, Reimu has seen all the places where he is disgraced, and he doesn't care about the image anymore.
雷木笑着把王小叶踢出了自己的精神海，他还在觉醒传承中，王叶进来他会分神。
Lei Mu smiled and kicked Wang Xiaoye out of his spiritual sea, he was still in the awakening inheritance, and he would be distracted when Wang Ye came in.
王叶哼哼唧唧，一副自己被最信赖的两人联手背叛的模样。
Wang Ye hummed and chirped, looking like he was betrayed by the two most trusted people.
不过他可不敢把这副样子给闻笛师父看，闻笛师父可不吃他这一套。看他这样，说不定还会讽刺他，再顺便给他布置一堆超难度作业。
But he didn't dare to show this appearance to Master Wendi, Master Wendi didn't eat him. Seeing him like this, maybe he will be sarcastic about him, and then assign him a bunch of super difficult homework by the way.
唔，也难说，毕竟上辈子的闻笛师父可没见过这样的他。
Well, it's hard to say, after all, Master Wendi in his previous life had never seen him like this.
王叶偷偷笑了，他忽然觉得现在的自己好幸福好快乐~ Wang Ye smiled secretly, he suddenly felt that he was so happy and happy now~
雷木的精神力幻化成手，轻轻揉了揉他的脑袋。 Lei Mu's spiritual power turned into a hand and gently rubbed his head.
王叶也蹭了蹭他。 Wang Ye also rubbed him.
“太好了……好得让我有些恐惧了。木木，你说未来我们会不会遇到很多危险？”王叶冷不丁地冒话。
"Great...... It's so good that it scares me a little. Mumu, do you think we will encounter a lot of dangers in the future? Wang Ye spoke coldly.
雷木特别无语：“有你这么给你自己立旗子的吗？” Lei Mu was particularly speechless: "Did you set up a flag for yourself like this?" ”
王叶：“我现在收回刚才的话还来得及吗？” Wang Ye: "Is it too late for me to retract what I just said?" ”
两人说笑一阵，王叶感觉现在的雷木还是他的木木，也就放开了。
The two laughed for a while, and Wang Ye felt that the current Lei Mu was still his Mu Mu, so he let go.
“对了，闻笛师父呢？怎么又没声音了？”王叶奇怪。 "By the way, what about Master Wendi? Why is there no sound again? "Wang Ye is strange.
雷木回答：“闻笛师父还没融合完毕，他的精神力增加很多，需要比较长的时间吸收，刚才他就是临时醒来一下。”
Lei Mu replied: "Master Wendi hasn't finished fusing yet, his spiritual power has increased a lot, and it takes a long time to absorb it, just now he just woke up temporarily." ”
“哦，那就好。”讲真，王叶还不知道要怎么和这个融合后的闻笛师父相处，他有点怂。
"Oh, that's good." To tell the truth, Wang Ye didn't know how to get along with this fused Wendi master, he was a little cowardly.
雷木似乎感觉到王叶的怂，嘲笑了他。 Lei Mu seemed to feel Wang Ye's cowardice and laughed at him.
王叶摊平，随便雷木嘲笑。他承认，他确实有点怕上辈子的闻笛师父。可能因为这辈子的闻笛师父还没有遇到那些糟糕的事情，比上辈子略微嫩一些，也更心软一些。
Wang Ye flattened, and casually Lei Mu laughed. He admits that he is indeed a little afraid of Master Wendi in his previous life. Maybe it's because Master Wendi hasn't encountered those bad things in this life, and he is slightly more tender and soft-hearted than in his previous life.
可现在，上辈子的闻笛师父和这辈子的闻笛师父合体了，换言之，那个在教导他时绝不手软的大魔王也即将出山，想想就让他颤抖好吗！
But now, the Wendi master in the previous life and the Wendi master in this life are combined, in other words, the big demon king who will never be soft when teaching him is also about to come out of the mountain, just think about it and make him tremble, okay!
第322章 伯里身世、恶有恶报
为了“成全”撒菲力的野心，两位老祖把之前动过手脚的地方又复原了。
In order to "fulfill" Saphiri's ambitions, the two ancestors restored the place where they had done before.
这让撒菲力在做最后检查时，也没有查出任何异样，他以为自己做得十分隐蔽。
This made Safiri not find anything unusual when he made a final examination, and he thought that he was doing something very hidden.
毕竟准备了几十年，布阵的很多东西也是这些年陆陆续续被人特意送进来，他这些年来也做了很多准备工作，这几天他只要完成最关键的几处就可以。
After all, he has been preparing for decades, and many things in the formation have been specially sent in one after another over the years, and he has also done a lot of preparation work over the years, and he only needs to complete the most critical places in the past few days.
但撒菲力不知道，他布置的魔法阵只是一个大型献祭阵法的一部分，在他之前，已经有人在地宫里做了更多手脚。
But Saphiri didn't know that the magic array he had set up was only part of a large sacrificial formation, and that before him, there had already been more people doing more in the dungeon.
就是两位老祖也不知道这件事，地宫一直在改造，几乎每一任国王上任都会对地宫做一些改建，大多都是为了扩建自己的墓室。
Even the two ancestors didn't know about it, the underground palace has been renovated, and almost every king will make some renovations to the underground palace, mostly to expand their tombs.
两位老祖沉睡的时间更多，他们也不喜欢地宫，自然也懒得盯着他们。
The two ancestors slept more often, and they didn't like the dungeon, so they naturally didn't bother to stare at them.
那名魔族大约也没想到有人会大胆到借用他给出的魔法阵来改造整个地宫，暗中构建了一个大型献祭魔法阵，并把地宫的部分能量源源不断地抽取、集中到自己身上。
The demon clan probably didn't expect that someone would be bold enough to borrow the magic array he gave to transform the entire dungeon, secretly built a large sacrificial magic array, and continuously extracted and concentrated part of the energy of the dungeon on himself.
“终于完成了！”撒菲力满眼都是兴奋和期待。 "It's finally done!" Zafiri's eyes were full of excitement and anticipation.
撒奇尔缩着脖子跟在他身边，闻言立刻拍马屁道：“祖父，您最厉害了，您一定会成为最强大的存在。”
Thatcher craned his neck and followed him, and when he heard this, he immediately patted his ass and said, "Grandfather, you are the most powerful, and you will definitely become the most powerful existence." ”
撒菲力脸上浮起傲然的微笑。 A proud smile appeared on Saphiri's face.
他看不上这个孙子，生来就是废物，用了那么多好东西，还掠夺了十几个天才的资质，最后也没能成为真正的天才，还被撒尔曼找到理由扔到地宫来了。
He didn't look down on this grandson, he was born a waste, used so many good things, and plundered the qualifications of more than a dozen geniuses, and in the end he failed to become a real genius, and was thrown into the underground palace by Salman for a reason.
但废物也有废物的利用方法。 But there are also ways to use waste.
帮助他的势力跟他重点提醒过，让他一定要把守墓人放到阵眼处。
The forces that helped him reminded him that he must put the grave keeper in the eye of the formation.
这也是他特意把这个废物解救出来，带在身边的原因。 This is also the reason why he deliberately rescued this waste and brought it with him.
本来他还想着要如何在两位老祖的眼皮子底下把撒坦给弄到手，现在倒是不需要了。撒尔曼最后也算帮了他一个大忙，竟然让撒奇尔签了守墓人契约。
Originally, he was still thinking about how to get Satan under the noses of the two ancestors, but now he didn't need it. Salman finally did him a great favor and even made Thatchir sign the grave keeper contract.
撒菲力越发得意，觉得老天爷都在帮他。 Saphiri became more and more proud, and felt that God was helping him.
暗地里阴谋算计的某些人也万没想到，守墓人会临时换人。他们没和撒菲力说一定要把撒坦放在阵眼处，也是为了防备撒菲力察觉什么。
Some people who secretly conspire and calculate never imagined that the grave keeper would be temporarily replaced. They didn't tell Saphiri that they had to put Safili in the eyes of the formation, just in case Saphiri noticed something.
其实撒坦被撒洛特封印，乃至分魂的事，他们都知道，而这也完全符合他们对撒坦的期待，撒坦的精神力越被削弱，对他们好处越大。所以他们只是默默旁观，并没有插手。
In fact, Satan was sealed by Salot, and even the matter of splitting the soul, they all knew, and this was completely in line with their expectations of Satan, the more Satan's spiritual power was weakened, the greater the benefit to them. So they just watched silently and didn't interfere.
撒坦在他们的计划中就是一个躯壳，但因为他身怀魔种，才会放任他长这么大。
Satan was a shell in their plans, but because he had a demon seed, he would be allowed to grow so big.
把撒坦放入阵眼，只是一个说法，实际上那是另外一个魔法阵，主要是用来唤醒撒坦的魔种力量，再摧毁撒坦的意识。
Putting Satan into the eye of the array is just a saying, but in fact it is another magic array, which is mainly used to awaken Satan's demon seed power and then destroy Satan's consciousness.
如果魔种力量彻底唤醒，而撒坦这具身体还没有崩溃，那么他们就得到了一具实力强大的空壳。他们的精神体可以随时入驻，或者控制这个空壳做一些事情。
If the power of the demon seed is completely awakened, and Satan's body has not collapsed, then they have obtained a powerful empty shell. Their spirit body can settle in at any time, or control this empty shell to do something.
按照这些人的计划，他们打算把撒菲力的精神体灌输入撒坦的身体中，然后跟撒菲力说魔法阵临时出了问题，但能借用撒坦的身份复活，对撒菲力也有好处。
According to these people's plan, they planned to infuse Saphiri's spirit body into Saphiri's body, and then tell Safili that there was a temporary problem with the magic array, but it would also be good for Safili to be resurrected by using Saphiri's identity.
而撒菲力只要进入撒坦的身体，实际就相当于是被他们控制住了。
And as long as Saphiri enters Satan's body, it is actually equivalent to being controlled by them.
因为他们早就在撒坦的精神核中做下手脚。 Because they have long been working in Sartan's spiritual core.
等到借用撒菲力拿下银月帝国，那么撒菲力就可以消失了，包括躯壳撒坦。
Wait until you borrow Saphiri to take down the Silver Moon Empire, then Saphiri can disappear, including the shell Satan.
撒菲力主持的是最明面的计划，也是用来吸引他人注意力的靶子。如果他能成功最好，就算不能，也可以把撒尔曼等人的目光转移开，不会影响到他们最想要达成的目的。
Saphiri presided over the most visible plan, and was also the target to attract the attention of others. If he can succeed best, even if he can't, he can turn the attention of Salman and the others away, and it will not affect the purpose they want to achieve the most.
他们的计划真的很好，一环套一环。 Their plan is really good, ring after ring.
如果……没有如果的话，他们一定会成功。 If...... Without ifs, they will succeed.
就在撒菲力带着亲孙子撒奇尔前往他以为的献祭复活大阵阵眼处时，疯药王和靳蜘蛛正在猜测那具身体的身份，甚至锁定了一个目标。
Just as Saphiri was taking his own grandson Thatchir to the eye of the Great Array of Sacrifice and Resurrection that he thought he had made, the Mad Medicine King and Jin Spider were guessing the identity of that body, and even locked on a target.
按照那个人的身体年龄来计算，对方现在大约五百岁往上，而超凡者的衰竭期是三百岁左右，也就是那个人很可能是和他们是同时代的人。
According to the physical age of that person, the other party is now about 500 years old, and the exhaustion period of the transcendent is about 300 years old, that is, that person is likely to be a contemporary of them.
和他们同时代，还能布置十级魔法阵的人，屈指可数，也就那么几个。
At their time, there were only a handful of people who could arrange a tenth-level magic array, and there were only a few.
大长老达尔算是一个，他的弟子伯里是一个，还有一位就是二长老闻天乐。
Great Elder Dahl is one, his disciple Burry is one, and the other is Second Elder Wen Tianle.
二长老闻天乐人都被拆了，这具身体肯定和他无关。 The second elder Wen Tianle and the people were all demolished, and this body definitely had nothing to do with him.
大长老达尔把自己融合成了一个怪物，最后还被他的弟子伯里给融合，也算是消失了。
Great Elder Dahl fused himself into a monster, and in the end, he was fused by his disciple Burry, and he disappeared.
“你们不是想说，这具身体有可能是那个伯里的身体吧？他不是也把自己融合成一个怪物了吗？”王叶惊。
"You're not trying to say that this body could be that of Burry, are you? Didn't he fuse himself into a monster too? "Wang Ye was shocked.
靳蜘蛛踌躇了一会儿说道：“伯里是个很多疑也很小心的人，他虽然想要通过融合术剔除掉混杂进来的异族血脉，他也确实融合了很多人和智慧生物，但我怀疑他很可能没有使用他自己的本体。”
Jin Spider hesitated for a moment and said: "Burry is a very suspicious and cautious person, although he wants to eliminate the mixed alien bloodlines through the fusion technique, he does fuse many people and intelligent creatures, but I suspect that he probably did not use his own body. ”
王叶猜测过靳蜘蛛和伯里有着比较深厚的交情，听靳蜘蛛这么说，他当即就怀疑靳蜘蛛很可能知道什么，只是靳蜘蛛本人也不能肯定。
Wang Ye guessed that Jin Spider and Bury had a deep friendship, and when he heard Jin Spider say this, he immediately suspected that Jin Spider was likely to know something, but Jin Spider himself was not sure.
疯药王点头：“按照伯里的性格，确实很有可能。这也能算是最后的退路，如果他的大融合术失败，他还可以回到自己原本的身体里。”
The Mad Medicine King nodded: "According to Burry's character, it is indeed very possible. This can also be regarded as a last resort, if his Great Fusion Technique fails, he can still return to his original body. ”
王叶：“……那伯里的身体怎么会睡在撒家的地宫里？这个酒窖的布置明显是特意建出来的，而这么一个大型献祭魔法阵必然要涉及到整个地宫，不可能在一两天内就改造成功。但外人在撒家地宫做这么大的改造，撒家人怎么可能不知道？这里的亡灵也会察觉。”
Wang Ye: "...... How could Nabury's body sleep in the underground palace of Sa's house? The layout of this wine cellar was obviously specially built, and such a large sacrificial magic array would inevitably involve the entire underground palace, and it was impossible to successfully transform it in a day or two. But outsiders are doing such a big transformation in the Sajia Underground Palace, how can the Sajia family not know? The undead here will also be aware of it. ”
王叶貌似在询问，实际是在整理自己的思绪。 Wang Ye seemed to be asking, but he was actually sorting out his thoughts.
疯药王点出：“他姓伯。” The Mad Medicine King pointed out: "His surname is Bo." ”
王叶：“我确实想过伯里和春木上国的国主伯思圣有关系，但……难道那时候，春木上国就已经和银月王国有联姻？”
Wang Ye: "I did think that Bury had something to do with Bo Sisheng, the lord of the Spring Wood Kingdom, but ...... Could it be that at that time, the Spring Wood Kingdom had already married the Silver Moon Kingdom? ”
“那时候也不远，不过是五百多年前，春木上国可是古国，这个国家和周围许多国家都有联姻。也许你可以问问撒尔曼，他父亲同辈或上辈的人有谁魔法阵比较厉害，而这个人是不是又和春木上国有亲属关系。”疯药王道。
"It wasn't that far, but more than 500 years ago, and the country of Haruki was an ancient country, and this country had marriages with many surrounding countries. Maybe you can ask Salman if there is a person in his father's generation or older who is more powerful in the magic circle, and if this person is related to Haruki Shangguo. "The King of Crazy Medicine.
王叶猜度：“如果伯里真的是撒家血脉，比如说是撒家公主嫁到春木上国那边后生的孩子，那么伯里作为撒家血脉，一样会受到契约影响，那他或他的母亲会葬到撒家地宫也不是不能理解。啊！”
Wang Ye guessed: "If Bury is really of the Sajia bloodline, for example, the child born after the Sajia princess married to the Chunmu Shangguo, then Bury, as the Sajia bloodline, will also be affected by the contract, then it is not incomprehensible that he or his mother will be buried in the Sajia underground palace." Yes! ”
王叶看到了一条清晰的线。 Wang Ye saw a clear line.
“我知道了！伯里那么疯狂，说不定就因为他知道撒家血脉的问题，他想要脱离契约控制。当他无法再延长自己本身身体的寿命，也无法挣脱那个魔族契约时，他想到的方法就是夺舍。而通过夺舍，他开始了疯狂的融合之路。”
"I see! Burry is so crazy, maybe it's because he knows about the problem of the Sa's bloodline, and he wants to get out of the control of the contract. When he could no longer extend the lifespan of his own body, and he couldn't break free from that demon contract, the way he thought of was to take it. And by seizing the house, he began a crazy road of integration. ”
“不止如此，伯里那么聪明，他肯定从少年时期就开始谋划如何毁掉整个地宫，但他可能发现想要毁掉地宫很困难，或者他觉得留着地宫对他用处更大。于是就想到了借用地宫的能量来滋养那具被他放弃的身体，就算将来他用不到这具身体，他也可以从这具身体中提取出庞大的能量。”
"Not only that, Burry is so smart, he must have been plotting how to destroy the entire dungeon since he was a teenager, but he may have found it difficult to destroy the dungeon, or he felt that it would be more useful for him to keep the dungeon. So he thought of borrowing the energy of the earth palace to nourish the body that he had given up, even if he didn't need this body in the future, he could extract a huge amount of energy from this body. ”
如此，春木上国国主一直盯着银月帝国的原因也有了解释。
In this way, the reason why the lord of the Haruki Upper Kingdom has been staring at the Silver Moon Empire has also been explained.
如果伯思圣是伯里的后代，那么伯里和伯思圣会把银月帝国看成是他们的东西也是有可能的。
If Burth Saint is a descendant of Burry, then it is also possible that Bury and Both Saint will see the Silver Moon Empire as their thing.
也有可能是出于报复和贪婪的双重目的。 It is also possible that there is a dual purpose of revenge and greed.
因为伯里如果真的是撒家后代，他必然会不长命。 Because if Burry is really a descendant of Sagar, he will inevitably not live long.
伯思圣如果也真是伯里的后代，同样他也会受到撒家那个契约的影响。
If Bethssaint is really a descendant of Burry, he will also be affected by the contract of Sagar.
他们为了延长寿命，必然做出了种种努力。 They must have made various efforts to prolong their lives.
但这些，目前都是他们的猜测。 But these are all speculations at the moment.
“伯里的母亲是谁？”王叶脑中闪过一个女亡灵的身影。
"Who is Bury's mother?" The figure of a female undead flashed in Wang Ye's mind.
实在是那位女亡灵给他的印象非常深刻，就是那位女大公爵安妮特哈蒙。
It was the female undead who made a very deep impression on him, it was the Grand Duke Annette Harmon.
按照撒赛亚所说，这位女大公爵是他的祖姨奶奶辈，也就是撒特伦国王的上一辈甚至上上一辈。
According to Sasaiah, the Grand Duchess was his grandaunt's generation, that is, the previous or even the last generation of King Sathron.
超凡者活的时间都比普通人长，从年龄推算，那位女大公爵作为伯里的母亲，年龄也正好。
Transcendents live longer than ordinary people, and judging from her age, the Grand Duke, as Burry's mother, is also just the right age.
疯药王看靳蜘蛛。 The Mad Medicine King looked at Jin Spider.
靳蜘蛛干咳：“我也不知道伯里的母亲是谁。” Jin Spider coughed dryly: "I don't know who Burry's mother is." ”
“那你总知道他的身世吧？他是哪国人，父亲是谁？”王叶追问。
"Then you always know his background, right? What nationality is he from, and who is his father? Wang Ye asked.
靳蜘蛛叹息：“伯里很少说自己的事情，我们只知道他是某国某个贵族的后代。但他家人能把他推荐给大长老，身份显然不凡。”
Jin Spider sighed: "Bury rarely talks about his own affairs, we only know that he is the descendant of a certain nobleman of a certain country. But his family was able to recommend him to the Great Elder, and his status was obviously extraordinary. ”
“我的直觉告诉我，被我收起来的这具身体，十有八九就是伯里原本的身体。”王叶道。
"My instincts tell me that the body I've put away is nine times out of ten the same body that Bury was supposed to be." Wang Ye said.
疯药王突然怪笑起来：“你完了！你把老靳从知识之城弄出来，伯里大概就恨死你了。现在你还把他的原身弄到手里，伯里大概要和你不死不休了。”
The Mad Medicine King suddenly laughed strangely: "You're finished!" If you get Lao Jin out of the City of Knowledge, Bury will probably hate you to death. Now that you've got his original body in your hands, Burry is probably going to be fighting you to the death. ”
“只有九成是，还有一成也许不是他呢。”王叶满含期望地说。
"Only ninety percent of them are, and one percent may not be him." Wang Ye said expectantly.
疯药王讥讽：“别做梦了！你当圣级魔阵师很多吗？你也说了，这个魔法阵已经布置很多年，至少两百年历史是有的，那么你只要想想两百年前有哪些圣级魔阵师就能推测出来。”
The Mad Medicine King sneered: "Don't dream! Do you have a lot of saint-level demon array masters? You also said that this magic array has been arranged for many years, and it is at least two hundred years old, so you only need to think about which saint-level demon array masters were two hundred years ago to guess it. ”
“那也不一定代表这具身体就是魔阵师本人啊。”王叶还是带着希望道。
"That doesn't necessarily mean that this body is the Demon Array Master himself." Wang Ye still said with hope.
“谁会给别人布置这么一个大型献祭魔法阵，平白给出这么大的好处？那要怎样等价值的宝贝才能打动那个圣级魔阵师？”疯药王嗤笑。
"Who would arrange such a large sacrificial magic array for someone else and give such a big benefit for nothing? What kind of treasure of equal value does it take to impress that saint-level demon array master? The Mad Medicine King scoffed.
靳蜘蛛也忍不住笑了：“你和伯里的仇怨已经结下，就别想着避开吧。往好处想，你找到和得到了伯里的原身体，而伯里只要还和这具身体有一定联系，那么他说不定会对你投鼠忌器。以后你去知识之城，如果被发现、被困住，你可以用这具身体威胁他。”
Jin Spider couldn't help but laugh: "The grudge between you and Burry has been settled, so don't think about avoiding it." On the plus side, if you find and get Bury's original body, and as long as Bury still has some connection to this body, then he may be able to cast a rat trap on you. Later, when you go to the City of Knowledge, if you are found and trapped, you can threaten him with this body. ”
王叶咂吧嘴巴：“话没错，但为什么听起来这么怪？” Wang Ye smacked his mouth: "That's right, but why does it sound so weird?" ”
一直旁听的雷木跟着笑起来。 Reimu, who had been listening, laughed along.
王叶还有一些问题，比如这具身体如果真的是伯里，那就说明伯里一直没有断开和外界的联系，他说不定就是长生会的幕后掌控者。
Wang Ye still has some problems, such as if this body is really Burry, it means that Bury has not been cut off from the outside world, and he may be the behind-the-scenes controller of the Immortal Society.
这也可以解释为什么撒家一直和长生会有密切联系。 This may also explain why Saga has always had a close relationship with Changsheng.
可王叶来不及开口了，献祭阵法在此时陡然发动，整个地宫都发出了轰鸣声。
But Wang Ye didn't have time to speak, and the sacrificial formation was suddenly launched at this time, and the entire underground palace roared.
庞大的能量猛地向他的身体涌来。 A huge amount of energy rushed towards his body.
幸好王叶已经做好准备，他因为系统无法用这些能量来冲刺更高等级，只能把这些能量全都输送到虫巢中。
Fortunately, Wang Ye was ready, because the system could not use these energies to sprint to higher levels, he could only transport all these energies to the hive.
这次，王叶没有把虫巢中的老老小小转移到雷木的精灵空间中
This time, Wang Ye did not transfer the old and young in the hive to Lei Mu's elf space
一来，雷木正在继承传承和融合上辈子的精神力中，也不方便。
First, Lei Mu is inheriting and integrating the spiritual power of his previous life, and it is also inconvenient.
二来，王叶在升级虫巢方面已经有经验，他把虫巢进行了区域划分，把虫巢老小的居住区给单独隔离出来，确保他们的安全。
Second, Wang Ye already has experience in upgrading the hive, and he divided the hive into regions, isolating the living areas of the hive to ensure their safety.
接下来，王叶就开始一心一意地利用这股超级庞大的能量来升级和改建虫巢。
Next, Wang Ye began to wholeheartedly use this super huge energy to upgrade and rebuild the hive.
另一头，撒奇尔正在惨叫。 On the other end, Thatcher was screaming.
撒奇尔就没有怀疑他这位祖父，虽然他从没有和对方见过面。
Thatcher did not suspect his grandfather, although he had never met him.
这位祖父一出现就把他从那些歹毒的亡灵手中救出，还帮他疗伤，又介绍了自己的身份，感觉比他的父亲对他还好。
As soon as this grandfather appeared, he rescued him from the vicious spirits, helped him heal his wounds, and introduced his identity, feeling better than his father was to him.
刚刚，撒奇尔就听这位祖父说，要帮他彻底治疗之前的伤势，并帮他提高实力，他非常高兴，也没有一丝怀疑，就按照撒菲力说的，站到了一个圆圈中。
Just now, Thatcher heard from this grandfather that he wanted to help him thoroughly heal his previous injuries and help him improve his strength, he was very happy, and without a trace of doubt, he stood in a circle according to Saphiri's words.
但他没想到，这个提高实力的过程是如此痛苦，他感觉比那些亡灵欺负他的时候还要痛苦一千倍。
But he didn't expect that this process of improving his strength was so painful, and he felt a thousand times more painful than when those undead bullied him.
他忍受不了，不断惨嚎，恳求祖父把他放下来，他不想再提高实力了。
He couldn't stand it anymore, kept howling, begging his grandfather to put him down, he didn't want to improve his strength anymore.
但他的祖父却望着他微笑，看着他被撕成碎片。 But his grandfather looked at him and smiled, watching him being torn to shreds.
这个魔法阵的力量不小，原本就是用来激发撒坦身体中的魔种能量，同时摧毁撒坦的意识之用。
The power of this magic array is not small, and it was originally used to stimulate the demon seed energy in Satan's body and destroy Satan's consciousness at the same time.
撒奇尔这样一个刚刚转变的弱小亡灵，精神力又如此低微，还没有实体保护，几乎上来没有几秒钟，就再也坚持不住。
Thatcher, a weak undead who had just transformed, had such a low spiritual power that he had no physical protection, and he could no longer hold on to it within a few seconds of coming up.
撒菲力看到撒奇尔的亡灵被撕扯得粉碎，还在契约作用下不断复原又不断变得粉碎，还以为这是正常现象。
Saphiri saw that Thatcher's undead spirit was torn to pieces, and that it was constantly recovering and becoming shattered under the effect of the contract, and thought that this was a normal phenomenon.
忽然，撒菲力感觉到一股强大的吸引力。 Suddenly, Saphiri felt a powerful attraction.
撒菲力狂喜，他这是要进入自己的身体了吗？他就要复活了吗？
Zafiri was in ecstasy, was he going to enter his body? Is he about to be resurrected?
撒菲力任由这股吸力把他吸入了魔法阵阵眼中心。
等等，为什么不是让我进入我的身体中？ Wait, why not let me into my body?
撒菲力最后看了一眼被他拖到阵眼附近的棺材，那里面就有他的身体，虽然死亡，但他保养得极好，就如睡着了一般。
如果阵眼中心是一具活的身体，那么撒菲力会直接进入这具身体，也算复活。
但阵眼中心现在不但没有一具活的身体，还只有一个痛苦到极点、更仇恨到极点的亡灵。
撒奇尔终于反应过来，他猜测自己应该是上当了！ Thatchir finally reacted, and he guessed that he should have been fooled!
他的祖父根本没有想要给他提升实力，他肯定是想利用他做什么。
His grandfather didn't want to give him a boost at all, he definitely wanted to use him for something.
灵魂反复被撕扯碎裂又重新合拢，如此反反复复的痛苦让撒奇尔最后一丝清醒的意识也消失了，它变成了彻彻底底的恶灵！
The soul was torn apart and re-closed again and again, and the pain was so repeated that the last shred of Thatcher's consciousness disappeared, and it became a complete evil spirit!
这个恶灵只有一个想法，那就是毁灭所有它能碰触到的一切。
This evil spirit has only one thought, and that is to destroy everything it can touch.
撒菲力的亡灵就是在这时进入阵眼，并和撒奇尔的恶灵融合到了一起。
That's when the spirits of Zafiri's spirits entered the eye and merged with the spirits of Thatcher.
撒奇尔的恶灵扑上来就死命撕咬撒菲力的亡灵。 Thatcher's evil spirit pounced on him and tore at Saphiri's spirit.
撒菲力震惊万分！ Zafiri was shocked!
怎么会这样？ How so?
到底哪里出错了？ What went wrong?
一个没有了自己的意识，只想报复。一个还想要活下去，祖孙两个只能拼命互相厮杀。
One has no consciousness of its own and only wants revenge. One still wants to live, and the two grandparents can only fight each other desperately.
而整个献祭大阵还在运行。 And the entire sacrificial array is still running.
原本这个附带的魔法阵在撒菲力进入撒坦的身体，并控制了撒坦的身体后，会作为活人被排斥出整个魔法阵，也就是被抛出地宫。
Originally, after Saphili entered Satan's body and took control of Satan's body, he would be expelled from the entire magic circle as a living person, that is, thrown out of the dungeon.
但现在根本没有活的躯体，只有两个互相厮杀还会不断恢复的亡灵。
But now there are no living bodies at all, only two undead who will continue to recover after fighting each other.
既然这两个亡灵无法离开，那么献祭魔法阵自然而然也把它们当做了献祭的能量之一。
Since these two undead could not leave, the sacrificial magic array naturally regarded them as one of the sacrificial energies.
咔嚓！咔嚓！ Click! Click!
一声又一声的碎裂声响起。 Crackling sound after crackling sounded.
地宫的墙壁开裂，倒塌，就像遭受到了大型地震。 The walls of the dungeon cracked and collapsed, as if it had been hit by a large earthquake.
两位老祖和大黑，还有包括撒赛亚在内几名亡灵，一起远离地宫，静静地看着地宫上面的墓地群开始崩塌。
The two Ancestors and Dahei, as well as several undead spirits, including Sasaiah, stayed away from the dungeon together, quietly watching the cemetery group above the dungeon begin to collapse.
正在等待他父亲复活的撒埃德从破草屋中跑出来，他看到地宫地面塌陷，还以为他父亲的计划就要成功。
Saeed, who was waiting for his father's resurrection, ran out of the broken grass hut and saw the floor of the dungeon caving and thought his father's plan was about to succeed.
就在他狂喜之际，他脚下的地面突然消失。 Just as he was in ecstasy, the ground beneath his feet suddenly disappeared.
“啊——！”撒埃德惨叫着落入地宫。 "Ah——!h Saeed screamed and fell into the dungeon.
噗呲！撒埃德的身体被一根断裂的石柱给穿透。 Poof! Saed's body was pierced by a broken stone pillar.
怎么会……这样？撒埃德不可置信地瞪大了眼睛，两只眼睛逐渐没有了光彩。
How could it be...... Such? Saed's eyes widened in disbelief, and both eyes gradually lost their brilliance.
撒尔曼早已经得到消息，早在三个小时前，他就把驻守的军队，和祭祀宫殿群中的侍者全部撤出。
Salman had already received the news that he had withdrawn all the troops stationed there and the attendants in the sacrificial palace complex three hours earlier.
对外的说法，就是这里有地动。 To the outside world, it is said that there is ground movement here.
一股无形的飓风卷了起来，把地宫的一切都卷入其中。 An invisible hurricane swept up, engulfing everything in the dungeon.
所有建筑、雕刻、随葬物、包括死者的尸体全都化作最纯的能量，沿着鲜红色的菌丝向某地集中。
All the buildings, the carvings, the burial objects, including the bodies of the deceased, were all turned into the purest energy, concentrating along the bright red hyphae to a certain place.
龙骨意识自然也得到了提醒，因为监牢区原本就不属于地宫，而是两位老祖兴建，所以两位老祖就提前把龙骨收了起来。而撒赛亚等几名亡灵就待在龙骨中，等待地宫彻底毁灭的那一刻。
The keel consciousness was naturally reminded, because the prison area did not belong to the underground palace in the first place, but was built by the two ancestors, so the two ancestors put away the keel in advance. And Sasaia and several other undead stayed in the dragon bone, waiting for the moment when the underground palace was completely destroyed.
按照第一代国王撒洛特和那名魔族的契约，只要地宫损毁，撒家亡灵就可以获得自由。
According to the contract between the first king Salotte and the demon, as long as the underground palace is destroyed, the undead of the Sajia family can be freed.
地宫深处通往塔塔拉飞船的传送阵则纹丝不动，那里似乎有更庞大的能量保护传送阵。
The teleportation array leading to the Tatara spaceship in the depths of the dungeon was not moving, and there seemed to be a larger energy protection teleportation array there.
而当初布置献祭魔法阵的人也许是怕惊动什么，也没把献祭魔法阵延伸到这里。
And the person who arranged the sacrificial magic array at the beginning may have been afraid of alarming something, so he didn't extend the sacrificial magic array here.
轰隆隆！ Thundered!
原本地宫所在地变成了一个巨大的空洞，原本的地宫建筑和里面的一切全都灰飞烟灭，消失得干干净净。
The original location of the underground palace has become a huge hollow, and the original underground palace building and everything inside have all disappeared and disappeared cleanly.
空洞的最中心位置却出现了一个被密密麻麻鲜红色菌丝包裹的人体。
In the center of the cavity, a human body wrapped in dense bright red hyphae appeared.
这些菌丝遍布整个空洞，就像一张巨大的网。 These hyphae are spread all over the cavity, like a huge web.
随着地宫力量最后的爆发，那股暴烈的飓风猛地一卷，鲜红色的菌丝突然开始回收。
With the final burst of the power of the dungeon, the violent hurricane slammed into it, and the bright red mycelium suddenly began to retract.
而悬空的菌丝网也开始降落。 And the hanging mycelium mesh also began to fall.
就在菌丝网的最下面，一圈亮光亮起，那是一个传送魔法阵。
Just at the bottom of the mycelium mesh, a circle of light lit up, and it was a teleportation magic array.
这个传送魔法阵已经被激活。 This teleportation circle has been activated.
眼看菌丝网住的人体就要落入那个传送魔法阵中。 Seeing that the human body covered by the mycelium net was about to fall into that teleportation magic array.
一只巨大的机械蜘蛛陡然冒出，爪子抓住那菌丝网……靳蜘蛛脚一滑，差点被菌丝网拽得掉下去！
A giant mechanical spider sprang out and grabbed the web with its claws...... Jin Spider's feet slipped and he was almost dragged down by the mycelium web!
见鬼，怎么这么重？ Hell, why is it so heavy?
靳蜘蛛吃惊不已，赶紧对菌丝网使用漂浮类减重魔法，但就这样还是很重，最后他不得不使出吃奶的劲，拖着菌丝网往上面跑。
Jin Spider was taken aback, and hurriedly used the floating weight loss magic on the mycelium web, but it was still very heavy, and in the end he had to use his strength to eat milk and drag the mycelium net to run up.
菌丝网消失，最后一层保护力也没了。 The mycelium mesh is gone, and the last layer of protection is gone.
轰隆隆！上空的碎石和土壤倾泻而下，落在了那个发光的传送阵上。
Thundered! Rubble and soil poured down from above, landing on the glowing teleportation array.
传送阵在传送了一堆土壤和碎石后，光亮消失。 The teleportation array teleported a pile of soil and rubble, and the light disappeared.
也不知道传送阵对面的存在看到传送来这么一堆东西，会是什么感受？
I don't know how the existence on the other side of the teleportation array will feel when they see such a bunch of things teleported?
靳蜘蛛死拖活拽地拉着菌丝网爬出巨大天坑，转头见菌丝网住的身体安然无恙，顿时松了口气。
Jin Spider dragged the mycelium web to crawl out of the huge sinkhole, and when he turned his head to see that the body covered by the mycelium net was safe and sound, he immediately breathed a sigh of relief.
眼看那菌丝网有往土壤里下沉的趋势，靳蜘蛛一惊，连忙再次使用魔法让那具身体略微减重，又找了个看起来比较坚固的岩石地面，把菌丝网送过去。
Seeing that the mycelium web had a tendency to sink into the soil, Jin Spider was startled, and hurriedly used magic again to make the body lose weight slightly, and found a rocky ground that looked relatively solid, and sent the mycelium web over.
覆盖在身体表层的鲜红菌丝在接触阳光的一瞬间就开始脱落，露出了里面的身体。
The bright red hyphae that cover the surface of the body begin to peel off the moment it comes into contact with sunlight, revealing the body inside.
王叶身体蜷缩如婴儿。 Wang Ye's body curled up like a baby.
两位老祖带着大黑落到王叶身边。 The two ancestors took Da Hei and fell to Wang Ye's side.
小光从大黑头顶飞起，围着王叶飞了两圈，悠忽钻入王叶身体中。
Xiaoguang flew up from the top of the big black head, flew around Wang Ye twice, and suddenly drilled into Wang Ye's body.
两位老祖见此，初步判断王叶应该没事。 Seeing this, the two ancestors preliminarily judged that Wang Ye should be fine.
“身体和精神力都很稳定，应该只是在消化这股能量。”象夫人蹲下身体，摸了摸王叶的额头，判断道。
"The body and mental strength are stable, and they should just be digesting this energy." Mrs. Xiang squatted down, touched Wang Ye's forehead, and judged.
“但这么庞大的能量，他的实力竟然没有提升多少？奇怪。”
"But with such a huge amount of energy, his strength hasn't improved much? Odd. ”
“这小子古怪的地方多着了，他应该是知道这么庞大的能量他无法全部消化，可能是用什么方式储存起来了。走吧，换个地方，这里已经不适合活人待着了。”撒老祖弯腰，试图抱起这个小家伙。
"This kid has a lot of weirdness, he should know that he can't digest all of this huge amount of energy, maybe in some way. Let's go, change places, this place is no longer suitable for the living. Sazu bent down and tried to pick up the little guy.
这一抱，撒老祖差点闪了腰！ With this hug, Sa Lao Zu almost flashed his waist!
“见鬼！这小崽子怎么这么重？”重得跟座小山似的。撒老祖发誓自己绝没有夸张。
"Hell! Why is this little cub so heavy? "It's as heavy as a hill. Sa Lao Zu swore that he was not exaggerating.
象夫人不信，亲自来试了试，这才发现老家伙说的是真的，王小叶真的变得跟山一样重。
Mrs. Xiang didn't believe it, so she tried it herself, only to find out that what the old guy said was true, Wang Xiaoye really became as heavy as a mountain.
最后撒老祖把王叶放到了大黑身上。 In the end, Sa Lao Zu put Wang Ye on Da Hei.
大黑差点被压趴，它可是一只狗！狗的负重力可背不了一座山，换一头大象也背不动啊！
Big Black was almost crushed, but it's a dog! A dog's gravity can't carry a mountain, and an elephant can't carry it!
虽然是一座小山，但份量可是实打实的，这至少有几十万斤了吧？也许更重？
Although it is a small mountain, the weight is real, which is at least hundreds of thousands of catties, right? Maybe heavier?
靳蜘蛛：现在知道我刚才拖拽得有多辛苦了吧。 Jin Spider: Now you know how hard I dragged it just now.
第323章 空间之力、死遁 Chapter 323: The Power of Space, Death
王叶并没有睡着，他只是全部心神都在忙着领悟空间之力。
Wang Ye didn't fall asleep, he was just busy comprehending the power of space.
空间之力的知识哪里来的？ Where does the knowledge of the power of space come from?
主要还是能量太多！而虫巢受到他本人的等级限制，在空间又翻了两倍，坚固度和隐蔽度也都有所提升的情况下，虫巢已经无法再继续升级，王叶也不知道该如何升级了。
The main thing is that there is too much energy! And the hive is limited by his own level, and when the space has tripled, and the sturdiness and concealment have also improved, the hive can no longer be upgraded, and Wang Ye doesn't know how to upgrade.
可还是有大量能量涌入怎么办？ But what if there is still a large influx of energy?
存起来？ Save it?
可存起来的速度完全比不上能量涌入的速度。 The speed at which it can be stored is not at all comparable to the speed at which energy is pouring in.
虫巢被能量冲击得太饱和，可王叶又不懂得怎么继续升级，虫巢大概实在撑不住了，就把虫族传承给甩出来了。
The insect hive was too saturated by the impact of energy, but Wang Ye didn't know how to continue to upgrade, and the insect hive probably couldn't hold on, so he threw out the Zerg inheritance.
这本来应该是属于虫王的传承…… This was supposed to belong to the Worm King's inheritance......
一般来说，虫王和作为空间载体的虫巢融合后，要不了多久就会觉醒空间之力，如此它就能更好地操纵虫巢，也能更好地操纵生活在虫巢中、和虫巢产生联系的所有寄生虫族。
Generally speaking, after the insect king and the insect hive as a space carrier are fused, it will not be long before the power of space will be awakened, so that it can better manipulate the insect hive, and can also better manipulate all the parasitic insects living in the insect hive and having contact with the insect hive.
同时空间之力也是虫王的标配能力。 At the same time, the power of space is also the standard ability of the insect king.
但王叶不是虫王，他和虫巢融合后，完全就是在本能地使用虫巢，而虫巢本身也没有智慧，自然无法指点王叶如何学习掌控空间之力。
But Wang Ye is not the insect king, after he fuses with the insect hive, he uses the insect hive completely instinctively, and the insect hive itself has no wisdom, so naturally he cannot instruct Wang Ye how to learn to control the power of space.
可虫巢作为虫王的伴生物，它也拥有虫王的部分基因，换言之，它也拥有空间之力的传承。甚至虫王必须和虫巢融合，才能真正觉醒空间之力。
But the hive, as the companion of the king of insects, also has some of the genes of the king of insects, in other words, it also has the inheritance of the power of space. Even the insect king must fuse with the insect hive in order to truly awaken the power of space.
虫巢其实一直在等待王叶觉醒空间之力，但他就是不觉醒，虫巢如果有意识，早就急了。
The insect hive has actually been waiting for Wang Ye to awaken the power of space, but he just doesn't wake up, if the insect hive is conscious, it will be anxious a long time ago.
而这次庞大的能量冲击虫巢，王叶又正好在用全部心神升级和改造虫巢，如此隐藏在虫巢基因中关于空间之力的传承就硬生生被冲击了出来，同时被王叶接收到。
And this time the huge energy impacted the insect hive, and Wang Ye happened to use all his mind to upgrade and transform the insect hive, so the inheritance of the power of space hidden in the insect hive gene was forced out, and at the same time Wang Ye received it.
——王叶觉得这是他和虫巢的融合度已经达到某个程度，就像是到了某种临界点，他的基因中还是加入了虫族的基因。所以他才会觉醒属于虫王的传承。
——Wang Ye felt that this was because the degree of integration between him and the insect hive had reached a certain level, as if he had reached a certain critical point, and he still added the genes of the Zerg to his genes. That's why he will awaken the inheritance that belongs to the insect king.
寄生虫族关于虫巢以及空间之力的运用积累了很多很多年的经验，这些经验全都被归纳总结过，方便下一代虫王觉醒空间之力后就能顺利学会怎么使用空间之力。
The parasite Zerg has accumulated many, many years of experience in the use of the hive and the power of space, and all of these experiences have been summarized, so that the next generation of Worm Kings can smoothly learn how to use the power of space after awakening the power of space.
现在全便宜了王叶。 Now it's all cheap, Wang Ye.
这是一件天大的好事，简直比让他立刻冲到九十九级还要让他高兴。
This is a great good thing, and it makes him even happier than having him rush to the ninety-ninth level immediately.
王叶把他的兴奋和赚大了的情绪传递给雷木，就埋首学习空间之力了。
Wang Ye passed on his excitement and the emotion of making a lot of money to Lei Mu, and buried himself in learning the power of space.
再次感谢他的众位师父们，无论是魔法阵、卷轴、还是炼金方面，关于空间之力的利用也很多，平时师父们也会跟他讲解这方面的知识，他对于空间知识的理解并不是毫无底子。
Thank you again to all his masters, whether it is magic array, scroll, or alchemy, there are also a lot of uses of space power, and usually the masters will explain this knowledge to him, and his understanding of space knowledge is not without foundation.
再加上他好歹和虫巢融合了这么长时间，又经历过几次升级，这就让他在对空间之力的感悟上要比其他人更有实际经验。他甚至可以在领悟了一定空间之力的基础上，立刻就用虫巢来验证。
Coupled with the fact that he had fused with the hive for so long and had undergone several upgrades, this made him more practical than others in his perception of the power of space. He could even use the hive to verify it immediately on the basis of comprehending a certain amount of spatial power.
空间之力包含方方面面，王叶如果没有接受到这份传承，他还以为空间之力的应用就只有储物、瞬移、传送、禁闭、空间绞杀等方面。
The power of space contains all aspects, if Wang Ye had not received this inheritance, he would have thought that the application of the power of space would only be storage, teleportation, teleportation, confinement, space strangulation, etc.
可看到寄生虫族对于空间之力的运用后，他才发现他的思想是多么狭隘。
But after seeing the parasite's use of the power of space, he realized how narrow his thinking was.
王叶敢保证，就只是他现在领悟到的空间之力，他就是再进入知识之城也不会被伯里察觉，除非他自己主动暴露。而且暴露了，他也能打破伯里的封锁逃出来。
Wang Ye dared to guarantee that even if he had comprehended the power of space now, he would not be detected by Bury even if he entered the City of Knowledge again, unless he took the initiative to expose it. And if it is exposed, he can also break the blockade of Bury and escape.
王叶想得很好，他甚至做出了一堆计划…… Wang Ye thought very well, and he even made a bunch of plans......
一个月后。 A month later.
王叶黑着脸坐在一辆特制的可以减重的炼金车上，被大黑拖着前往地宫深处的传送阵。
Wang Ye sat on a special alchemy cart that could lose weight with a black face, and was dragged by Da Hei to the teleportation array in the depths of the underground palace.
王叶醒来已经有三天，但这三天他过得苦不堪言。 It has been three days since Wang Ye woke up, but he has been miserable for three days.
他明明觉醒了空间之力，可也不知道是哪里出了岔子，还是他吸收的能量真的太多了，导致他的身体沉重到不可思议的程度。
He had clearly awakened the power of space, but he didn't know if something had gone wrong, or if he had absorbed too much energy, causing his body to be incredibly heavy.
魔法都没办法拯救他！ Magic can't save him!
实际上，如果不是有魔法在，还有因果之力能循环全身，他走到哪里都会造成“大象一脚踩进沼泽地”的效果。
In fact, if it weren't for the magic and the power of cause and effect circulating throughout his body, he would have the effect of "an elephant stepping into a swamp" wherever he went.
两位老祖，包括疯药王和靳蜘蛛这三天都想尽了办法（看尽了他的笑话），也没办法解决他目前的体重问题。
The two Ancestors, including the Crazy Medicine King and Jin Spider, have tried their best in the past three days (seeing all his jokes), but they can't solve his current weight problem.
王叶还试着使用技能中的轻功，可惜他就像一个炮弹一样刚跳上去就重重地落到地上，如果不是靳蜘蛛反应快迅速拉住他，他就要直接把地面砸出一个大坑再陷进去。
Wang Ye also tried to use the light skill in the skill, but unfortunately he just jumped up like a cannonball and fell heavily to the ground, if it wasn't for Jin Spider's quick reaction and quick to pull him, he would have directly smashed the ground into a big pit and then fell in.
疯药王还哈哈笑，说他可以把这招当做攻击来用。 The Mad Medicine King also laughed, saying that he could use this trick as an attack.
两位老祖这三天也笑得比以前三年加起来都多，就连大黑都会汪汪嘲笑他。
The two ancestors also laughed more in the past three days than in the previous three years combined, and even Da Hei would laugh at him.
小光还说他走路像拔河。 Xiaoguang also said that he walked like a tug-of-war.
木木……也偷偷笑了，别以为他不知道。他们两个的精神力可是连着的，哼！
Mumu ...... Secretly laughed too, don't think he doesn't know. The mental power of the two of them is connected, hum!
雷木：“我保证不再笑。其实我很遗憾现在不能背着你走路，我很想试试你到底有多重。”
Remu: "I promise not to laugh again. Actually, I regret that I can't walk on your back now, and I'd love to see how much you weigh. ”
“木木！”王叶精神力暴走。 "Mumu!" Wang Ye's mental power ran wild.
雷木大笑。 Reimu laughed.
王叶不想再在这里待下去了，反正地宫这边的事已经全部解决完，雷木的仇家也解决了一半，剩下的一半因为牵扯颇深，一时半会儿还无法解决，他继续留在这边也毫无意义。
Wang Ye didn't want to stay here any longer, anyway, all the things on this side of the dungeon had been resolved, and half of Lei Mu's enemies had been resolved, and the remaining half couldn't be solved for a while because of the deep involvement, and it was pointless for him to continue to stay here.
撒尔曼那边也不打算使用童工，尤其在知道雷木已经变成生命之树小嫩芽后，他虽然很想让雷木和王叶待在他身边，但他也知道这不可能，索性就没提出来为难两人。
Salman's side did not plan to use child labor, especially after knowing that Lei Mu had become a small shoot of the Tree of Life, although he really wanted Lei Mu and Wang Ye to stay by his side, but he also knew that it was impossible, so he simply did not bring it up to embarrass the two.
只是派人送了很多东西过来给两人，还正大光明地说这都是给王子的资源。
just sent someone to send a lot of things to the two of them, and said openly that these were all resources for the prince.
撒尔曼特别大方，简直恨不得把皇室宝藏搬空的架势，很多东西都非常适合现在的王叶和雷木使用。
Salman is very generous, and he can't wait to empty the royal treasures, and many things are very suitable for the current use of Wang Ye and Lei Mu.
不说其他，王叶这次可是帮了他、帮了他们撒家、乃至整个银月帝国大忙。
Not to mention anything else, Wang Ye helped him this time, helped them scatter the family, and even the entire Silver Moon Empire.
虽说还有一些问题存在，首先就是魔族那个契约并不会因为撒洛特消失就跟着消失。
Although there are still some problems, the first is that the contract of the demon clan will not disappear because of the disappearance of Salotte.
如果在下一代银月帝王上任前，还不能解决这个魔族，那么下一任帝王想要长命，同样需要献祭三百条智慧生命的灵魂给那个魔族。
If this demon clan cannot be solved before the next generation of Silver Moon Emperors take office, then if the next emperor wants to live a long life, he also needs to sacrifice three hundred souls of intelligent life to that demon clan.
还有撒家血脉短命的问题也同样没有解决。 There is also the problem of the short-lived blood of the Sajia family, which has also not been solved.
但撒尔曼不打算把这些难题都压到两个小的身上，他已经在找人想办法看如何对付那个魔族，或者迫使那个魔族解除当初那个契约。
But Salman didn't plan to put all these problems on the two little ones, he was already looking for someone to figure out how to deal with that demon, or force that demon to break the original contract.
另外，就是长生会、春木上国这些麻烦。但这已经上升到上层博弈的层次，不是说简单的打打杀杀就能解决。
In addition, it is the troubles of the Immortal Society and the Haruki Upper Kingdom. But this has risen to the level of the upper game, and it is not that it can be solved by simply fighting and killing.
如果只找到目标杀过去就能解决问题，那么六大公会的会长们早就这么干了。
If only finding the target and killing it can solve the problem, then the presidents of the six guilds would have done so a long time ago.
问题是，他们连目标在哪里都不一定能找到。 The problem is that they don't even have to find where the target is.
长生会会长是谁？出现一个，你知道他是真的还是假的？
Who is the President of the Society of Immortals? Appear one, do you know if he is real or fake?
同样，春木上国就在那里，可你能直接过去把人家的国主干掉吗？再说你能确定你杀的就是真正的目标？
Similarly, Haruki Shangguo is there, but can you go directly to kill the lord of the country? Besides, can you be sure that you are killing the real target?
而且消灭了一个长生会，还有屠魔教、拜月教、真神会。
And eliminated an Immortal Society, as well as the Demon Slayer Sect, the Lunatic Cult, and the True God Society.
消灭了一个春木上国，你能保证夏火上国、秋水上国、冬土上国这三大古国没有问题？这四大古国可是经常联姻的，那关系错综复杂到连他们自己专门管理族谱的人都搞不清楚他们真正的亲属关系。
After destroying a Spring Wood Kingdom, can you guarantee that there will be no problems with the three ancient kingdoms of Summer Fire Kingdom, Autumn Water Kingdom, and Winter Earth Kingdom? These four ancient kingdoms were often married, and the relationship was so intricate that even their own people who managed the genealogy could not figure out their true kinship.
还有春木上国还有那么多下属国家，这些国家你能确定都干净吗？
There are also so many subordinate countries in the country of Haruki, can you be sure that these countries are all clean?
所以想要彻底解决问题，只开战还不够，更重要的是提升自己和自己国家的实力，震慑住敌人。
Therefore, if you want to solve the problem completely, it is not enough to go to war, but more importantly, it is more important to improve the strength of yourself and your country and deter the enemy.
撒尔曼很明智，他就算知道仇家是谁，也没说立刻去找人开战，他要做的是先剔除自己国内的蛀虫，割掉自己身上的腐肉，除掉敌人的眼线，同时强大自身。
Salman is very wise, even if he knows who the enemy is, he didn't say that he would immediately go to someone to start a war, what he had to do was to remove the moths in his own country first, cut off the carrion on his body, get rid of the enemy's eyeliner, and at the same time strengthen himself.
还有就是一些政治手断了，比如合纵连横、远交近攻、挑拨离间、互埋奸细、交易限制等等。
There are also some political hands broken, such as joint vertical and horizontal, long-distance and close attacks, sowing discord, burying each other's spies, trading restrictions, and so on.
当然，如果王叶和雷木愿意待在他身边，他很愿意把这些都交给他们，不会有半点藏私。
Of course, if Wang Ye and Lei Mu were willing to stay by his side, he would be willing to hand them over all of this, and there would be no hiding from him.
但不说雷木，王叶那小崽子显然志不在此，没见他体重问题都还没解决就要跑吗。
But not to mention Lei Mu, Wang Ye's little cub is obviously not here, and he has to run before he has solved his weight problem.
王叶跟两位老祖和大黑挥挥手，表示他已经记住他们的空间坐标，想看他们随时都能来，都不需要使用传送阵，特方便。
Wang Ye waved his hand to the two Ancestors and Da Hei, indicating that he had memorized their spatial coordinates and wanted to see that they could come at any time without using the teleportation array, which was very convenient.
大黑：“汪！”它会想念这个小崽崽……做的食物，还有那只美丽虫的~
Big Black: "Wang! "It's going to miss this little cub...... The food made, and the beautiful worm's~
“小叶子。”象夫人忽然叫住王叶。 "Little Leaf." Mrs. Xiang suddenly called Wang Ye.
王叶立刻扭头问：“祖奶奶有何吩咐？” Wang Ye immediately turned his head and asked, "What does Grandma command?" ”
象夫人把大黑往前一推：“带上大黑。” Mrs. Elephant pushed Da Hei forward: "Take Da Hei with you." ”
王叶惊讶。 Wang Ye was surprised.
象夫人拍拍大黑的狗头：“大黑生性活泼，跟着我们却只能大多数时间都选择沉眠，让它跟着你吧，多少也能给你帮点忙。”
Mrs. Xiang patted Da Hei's dog head: "Da Hei is lively by nature, but he can only choose to sleep most of the time with us, let it follow you, and it can help you a little." ”
“汪！”大黑不舍，它愿意跟随两位主人一起沉眠。 "Wang!" The big black is reluctant, and it is willing to sleep with the two masters.
象夫人摸摸大黑的背脊：“去吧，帮我们好好保护这两个孩子。”
Mrs. Elephant touched Da Hei's back: "Go, help us protect these two children." ”
“汪！”大黑瞬间改变主意，它愿意当一只保姆狗，它可喜欢小崽崽了，如果小崽崽有好吃的孝敬它，就更好了~
"Wang!" Da Hei changed his mind instantly, he was willing to be a nanny dog, he liked the little cub, if the little cub had delicious filial piety to it, it would be better~
王叶也很欢迎大黑，这只亡灵狗的实力可不比两位老祖弱。虽然吃得多一点，但……没关系，大不了他就同意小光的养殖大业，反正虫巢现在又扩大了许多。
Wang Ye also welcomed Da Hei, the strength of this undead dog was not weaker than the two ancestors. Although eat a little more, but ...... It doesn't matter, it's a big deal that he agrees to Xiaoguang's breeding business, anyway, the hive has expanded a lot now.
王叶就带着大黑一起进入了传送阵，正要发动。 Wang Ye entered the teleportation array with Da Hei and was about to launch.
等等，他好像还忘了什么？ Wait, he seems to have forgotten something?
“爸叽！坏爸叽！”竟然把宝宝我给忘了！ "Dad! Bad Dad! "I forgot about the baby!
金宝都要气炸了，从撒老祖身上蹿出来，跳到王叶脑袋上就一阵乱抓。
Jinbao was about to explode, jumped out of Sa Lao Zu, jumped on Wang Ye's head and grabbed it randomly.
撒老祖一拍脑袋，赶紧把龙骨掏出来：“还有这个，这个你也带走，它说你答应它，会送它回族地。”
Sa Lao Zu patted his head and quickly took out the keel: "There is also this, you can take this one with you, it said that you promised it that it would be sent back to the clan land." ”
王叶把金宝从头顶抓下来，不敢用劲，只轻轻捏了捏，讪笑：“没错，我确实答应了。”
Wang Ye grabbed Jinbao from the top of his head, didn't dare to exert himself, only pinched it lightly, and sneered: "That's right, I did agree." ”
王叶指使大黑把龙骨接过来，把龙骨暂且放到虫巢的湖泊边。
Wang Ye instructed Da Hei to take the keel over and put it on the lake of the insect hive for the time being.
没见过龙骨的老小都围过来看稀奇。 The old and young who had never seen the keel came around to see the strangeness.
疯药王还挑剔地道：“能量不剩下多少了，这骨头要不了多久就会消失。”
The Mad Medicine King also said critically: "There isn't much energy left, and it won't be long before this bone disappears." ”
龙骨意识懒得理睬这些老老小小，高冷地没有说话。
金宝被王叶放入虫巢，一回来就和小云亲亲热热地闹成一团。金宝还跟小云和小光炫耀，表示他现在特别特别强大……吹的。
疯药王一看金宝，顿时就想起来龙骨中的能量都去哪里了。
疯药王突然噗噗笑起来。
靳蜘蛛奇怪地看他：这老疯子又在发什么疯？
疯药王得意地怪笑：“这次撒家地宫之行，我们家一群小家伙显然都赚大了。”
靳蜘蛛细细一想，也跟着笑起来。这次地宫之行，他们确实不亏。
疯药王还眯着眼睛道：“你说如果在背后谋划这一切的人真的是伯里，他现在得气成什么样？”
伯里并没有气到吐血或乱砸一通，他就是把那堆堆到他面前的杂碎全部平分给了进入知识之城历练的每一个历练者……塞到了他们的肚子里面。
之后，伯里就来到知识之城一个极为隐秘的地点，献祭了一枚九级魔晶、一株九级魔植和一碗他的鲜血，只为询问一个问题。
“告诉我，我对银月帝国和撒家地宫谋划失败的关键是什么？”
漆黑扭曲的树干上出现一张人脸。
那张脸闭着眼睛，表情似乎极为痛苦：“……看不到……混乱……迷雾……”
伯里面无表情地拿出一把匕首，对着树根狠狠扎下。
漆黑的大树树身一阵震颤，树干上浮现的人脸越发痛苦扭曲。
“……有力量在遮掩……保护……我看不到……杀了我也看不到！”
伯里皱眉，换了一个问题：“那你看到了什么？不管看到什么，都告诉我。否则，我不好过，你也别想好过。”
树干上的人脸突然睁开漆黑的双眼，眼里流出漆黑的树液：“……生命之树的种子……发芽了。”
说完，树干上的人脸就消失了，树身也像是枯萎一样，树冠都垂了下来。
伯里听说生命之树的种子出现，还发芽了，心脏大大震动，眼里也流露出了很长时间都没有流露出的渴望。
他想要生命之树的种子，快要想疯了。他觉得只要让他现在的身体融入生命之树的种子，他的生命形态必然可以再次发生变化，而且是好的变化。
但树人一族力量太强，而且防守力也强，他根本找不到他们的族地入口在哪里，知道他们在裂隙战场，可他派了那么多人过去都没能混入树人族地，更别说找到生命之树和种子。
龙族和精灵族也有生命之树。
可他完全不知道龙族族地在哪里。
而精灵族那边，自从木精灵一系离开，据他所知生命之树也跟着离开了，就算精灵族里还有一棵，他也没办法进入精灵族最秘密的祭祀之地。
伯里还想问这个树人，生命之树的种子在哪里，但眼看树人拒绝交流，他就知道今天不可能再问出更多。
虽然这个能预言的半死树人受他控制，但对方显然还在出自本能地维护同是树人族的生命之树种子，能让他说出生命之树种子发芽的话，已经是极限，再想问出更多，恐怕他也得付出更大的代价才行。
伯里离开了这个秘密之地，这里其实就是他的魔法塔最底层。
到了魔法塔最上层，伯里站在一面魔镜前，开始联系某人，他要查一查这段时间在撒家地宫出现的智慧种族。
不久，伯里就拿到了一份名单。
这份名单正是参加祭祀大殿的所有人员名单，包括士兵、侍者和任何一个不起眼的小人物在内，还按照身份级别仔细分成了几张来记载。
如果让撒尔曼大帝看到，他一定会很……也算不上震惊，他知道某些势力已经渗透进来。
伯里看着这份名单，反反复复看了好几遍。
“我要当时祭祀大典时的详细描述，包括他们有没有谁进入地宫，还有大典上有没有发生什么特殊的事情，所有详细信息，都给我一份。最好有魔影石记录。”伯里再次跟魔晶对面的人要求。
大约二十天后，伯里得到了一份还算详尽的口述描写，他连续看了三遍。
当他回过头，看到“小王子王叶抱着一个花盆和大王子雷木一起出现在祭祀大典中”这段描写时，伯里的手指在花盆这个词上停住。
什么花盆会重要到让一名王子特意抱到祭祀大典上？
小王子叫王叶？十岁的天才？
呵！多熟悉的名字和人设啊。
刚刚传送到塔塔拉族飞船的王叶陡然打了一个冷颤。
他觉得有什么特别恶毒的东西在这一瞬间盯上了他。
王叶疑神疑鬼下，毫不迟疑地打开了因果卷。
然后就看到伯里那个闪闪发光……好吧，没有发光，但那黑红黑红的颜色，在在告诉他，他完了，他不但被那位伯里城主给盯上了，还被对方标红了。
“王叶。”一道耳熟的让王叶心颤的声音响起。
“在。”王叶正儿八经地回。
“你已经去过知识之城？”闻笛问。
王叶下意识咽了口口水，“是。”
“你见到了伯里？”
“算是见到了吧，他变成一个小孩，把实力压制到跟我差不多，和我在知识之塔里比试卷轴。”王叶老老实实回答。
“卷轴？不是比炼药，或者魔法阵？”闻笛的声音听不出什么不满。
但王叶怂得一米，立刻甩锅：“是伯里逼迫我和他比试卷轴，我也不想。”
闻笛轻轻一笑，放过了王叶，他更想问的是：“你在知识之城有没有打听到关于当年那位二长老闻天乐的消息？”
王叶精神一振：“有。师父，有个好消息我一直想要告诉您，但一直没有找到合适的机会。就是咱师爷爷的灵魂没有完全消失，他的意识很可能进入了一个傀儡的身体中。不过咱师爷爷就算变成傀儡，也是一个超级厉害的傀儡，他叫海王。靳蜘蛛也认识他，而且和他关系很好。”
闻笛沉默片刻。
王叶偷看虫巢里面，发现闻笛师父依然躺在床上，还是没有醒来，现在和他交流的仍旧是闻笛师父的精神力。
“你又回到塔塔拉族飞船了？”
“师父您知道？”
“其实在虫老和兰道醒来没多久，我就差不多也苏醒了，只是需要融合上辈子的我的精神力，才一直没有出声。”
闻笛似乎在考虑某件事，过了一会儿才继续说道：“不要小看伯里，你现在还远远不是他的对手。而且……伯里不是一个人。”
不是一个人？王叶一边猜测闻笛师父知道多少，一边道：“我知道，您看我这不就躲开他了吗，我到这里，他总不能还追过来吧？”
王叶忍不住：“师父，您跟我说说您知道的一些情况吧，很多事情，我到现在都还没搞清楚。比如当时追杀您、找您麻烦的都是谁？应该不止是长生会的人吧？还有木木是怎么变成傀儡，您是怎么遇到他，又为什么让我契约他……”
王叶原本想询问雷木上辈子到底都发生了什么事，为什么会变成傀儡，还有屠国是怎么回事，但他又担心触及雷木的伤心事，这两天一直在纠结要不要打破砂锅问到底。
“你不提，我也要跟你说明。”闻笛声调变冷：“我知道你上辈子都做了什么。你杀了那么多人，觉得为我和雷木复仇了是么？我现在就可以明明白白告诉你，你杀的都是一些虾兵蟹将，灭的都是一些爪牙，罪魁祸首你一个都没有解决。”
王叶：“……”
“你真正要杀的罪魁祸首一共有十四个。”闻笛一字一顿地道。
“而你也可以不用愧疚了，我和雷木，至少我不是因为你而死，我会死，是因为我知道了伯里他们最大的秘密。他们一直在找我，我不让你跟外人说你是我的弟子，就是为了保护你。没想到你这个蠢货，也不知道弄到了什么鬼东西，竟然把你自己和雷木都给连累死了！”
王叶：“……那鬼东西好歹给了我们第二次机会。”
“呵！”闻笛的冷笑都要掉出冰渣子：“没有那个鬼东西，你和雷木就不会死，我也能按照计划转变成亡灵。雷木也不是没有机会恢复，否则我让你契约他干什么？”
王叶：“……”
“但那鬼东西也不是毫无效用，好歹它让你回到了一个适当的时间点，让这条时间线上的我们都还发展得不错，也避开了很多危险，同时积蓄了能对抗那十四个变态人渣的力量。我怀疑……你能回来，也许是某种必然，且看日后吧。”
闻笛说了一句比较含糊的话，又道：“你现在要做的就是和雷木继续积蓄力量，包括我们也一样。”
王叶认真回应：“好。”
他也不会傻乎乎的现在就去送死，他还有一堆老小要养，惜命得很。
“你跟以前的你，不一样了。”闻笛忽然道。
王叶嘴角弯了弯：“我在成长。”
闻笛闻言，也淡淡地笑起来：“也是，你上辈子满身戾气，看着成熟，其实极为不成熟。还成天一副天老大地老二，你排中间的鸟样，还谁都不信任，看谁都是要害你。要不是你脑子还不错，本性也还行，勉强可以雕刻成材，我才懒得收下你。”
王叶：“……师父，您这样说我，显得您眼光好差。”我其实也没那么糟糕吧？
“滚蛋！”闻笛透出明显笑意：“你应该感激我把你调教了出来。”
“是是是，都是您的功劳。”王叶还能说什么呢？
闻笛很想抽徒弟一顿，这小兔崽子明显比上辈子变得油滑了，那些尖锐的利刺好像都被他隐藏了起来。不过这也是一个好的信号？这小子应该是比上辈子更聪明了一些。
既然如此……
闻笛极为冷静地道：“以前是敌暗我明，现在就是敌明我暗，我们知道他们的底细，但他们不知道我们的，这是我们最大的优势。可你现在已经被伯里盯上，而你之前的所作所为也不是毫无痕迹可寻，为了不让伯里怀疑你‘能预知’，最好的方法就是你们两个在第二关死一次，就此在双月星消失，让伯里他们不再把注意力放到你们身上。”
第324章 上辈子、第二关
王叶去了第二关以后，终于明白闻笛师父为什么跟他提死遁了。
他怀疑闻笛师父是不是早就知道第二关的内容是什么，而且闻笛师父竟然还一副他对在双月星搞风搞雨的最大祸害们一清二楚的模样，这让他顿时觉得闻笛师父变得神秘好多。
而且闻笛师父还说上辈子他已经安排好要转修亡灵，但给他打乱了计划，显然闻笛师父隐瞒了他很多事情。
虽然但是，王叶也并不在意。
他上辈子也确实不是什么值得信赖和值得推心置腹的人，闻笛师父对他有所隐藏也很正常，他还不是一样把闻笛师父当NPC看？
“你嘀嘀咕咕什么呢？”雷木被他的心语吵得头大，只好戳他。
王叶故作惊讶，“我没嘀咕什么啊。”
雷木：“是啊，你只是小小声碎碎念，让我不注意都不行。说吧，你是对闻笛师父有什么不满吗？”
“没有不满，我就是觉得闻笛师父好神秘，而且他对我……是不是有什么意见？”王叶憋不住道。
“他对你意见大着了，你要先听哪一条？”雷木忍笑。
王叶郁闷：“我哪一条都不想听。木木，你是不是也觉得上辈子的我很糟糕？”
“还好，也不是太糟糕。”
王叶：“……”
雷木大笑。
王叶：“木木，你也学坏了。”
雷木的精神力包裹住王叶，就像是抱住了他：“我很高兴再次看到你，更高兴看到这样的你，看到你快乐，我就也由衷的快乐。你那时把我照顾得很好，我虽然是傀儡，但你是那么珍惜我，你没有把我当做武器，而是把我当做家人，我那时为你而死，心甘情愿，你对我来说，很重要很重要，不止是契约。”
“我也是。”王叶闭上眼睛，遮掩住通红的眼眶，“你快乐，我也才会真正的快乐。”
伤感的气氛没能维持多久，王叶开始打滚撒泼让雷木述说他不知道的他上辈子的遭遇。
雷木对这样的王叶无可奈何，而且王叶也需要一点事情来转移注意力，就把他知道的都告诉他了。
“从哪里说起？唔，就从闻笛拒绝收下撒奇尔，撒奇尔找他麻烦，闻笛一怒之下就把撒奇尔废了开始吧。”
“哎？师父竟然把撒奇尔废了？他好刚！不过这样很闻笛师父。”王叶嘿嘿笑。
雷木的精神力拍了拍王叶的脑袋，让他好好听。
“之后闻笛和双月校长闹翻，这其中不止有撒奇尔的问题，那个布鲁校长想用保护闻笛为条件，跟闻笛索要一个秘境的下落和进出钥匙。这个秘境就是能量旋风带。”
“哎？！”王叶再次惊住。
雷木笑道：“你闻笛师父的爷爷可是知识之城的二长老，你当双月学校为什么会愿意收留他和他父亲，并庇护他们那么多年？还不就是因为他们手上掌握着很多宝贵的知识和秘密。”
“对于这个能量旋风带，闻笛知道的可不比默林少。他在得罪布鲁校长和撒埃德父子后，就打算进入裂隙战场，途中他遇到了同样被撒埃德父子追杀的我，我们两人联手反杀追杀者，之后闻笛就利用当年的人情，带着我和当年的天才学生们进入了裂隙战场。”
“原来你们也来过这里。”王叶呢喃，这就是命运啊！
“是，而且闻笛也知道那句进入风眼的咒语，加上我对地宫的熟悉程度，我和闻笛没有藏宝图指路，也依然通过迷宫找到了塔塔拉族的飞船。”
“你在飞船中恢复了大部分记忆？”
“对。一切都和这一世差不多，只不过通关者从你变成了闻笛。但我们没有使用传送阵进入撒家地宫，而是直接去闯第二关。我们那时特别想要获得力量，而我因为不知道自己被分魂，自然也不知道自己被人下了一道封印，就这样我们错过了最好解除封印的时机。”
雷木告诉王叶：
他和闻笛进入第二关后，在第二关待了将近六年时间。
闻笛的魔法阵知识和炼药知识在这里得到极大提高。雷木也在这里自学了炼金术，他上辈子同样对炼金感兴趣。
而这六年中，通过默林，他们了解到，裂隙战场出现的空间裂缝越来越多，有人幸运地从里面出来，还说看到了类似秘境入口的能量漩涡。但绝大多数人被卷入空间裂缝后，都会就此失踪，再也不见出来。
所有在战场的双月星人都知道裂隙战场的空间不再稳定，和瘤背怪的决战也就要来到。
决战来临前，裂隙战场高层向整个双月星征兵，除非有特殊理由，否则所有八级以上高手都必须到战场报到。
“我和闻笛也参加了，这是关系到整个双月星的大战，我们必须为自己的世界战斗。”
“据我所知，各大魔法学校也都派出了学校中的大佬，只留数人保护学校。所有人都在齐心协力想要打赢这场瘤背怪的侵略之战。”
“而瘤背怪不想在裂隙战场里等死，也必须拼尽全力打破双月星人对它们的封锁，冲出这个名为“裂隙战场”的牢笼。”
“但糟糕的是双月星这边出现了叛徒，有人窃取了某些大师的发明创造，有直接就把成果给偷走的，也有搞破坏的，还有人趁机刺杀佣兵公会总会长等顶尖大佬。甚至有人和瘤背怪合作了。”
雷木现在说起这些事都还忍不住愤怒。
王叶安静地听着。
“内忧外患下，大佬们在转移了一批有生力量后，就打算破釜沉舟。我和闻笛就是被转移的有生力量之一，上面的说法是我们还年轻，又那么杰出，双月星的未来还要靠我们。”
雷木这次沉默了很久。
“树人族当时出了一些变故，我们当时不知道情况，但现在我知道了，应该是木精灵秘境出了极大变故，甚至影响到了树人族。”
王叶根据已知事实推测：“木精灵很可能被寄生虫族寄生，之后跑出了秘境，还祸害了树人族？”
“很有可能。详细情况我们也不清楚，闻笛和我忙着在战场上对付瘤背怪，也不知道后方情况，之后我们又被送出裂隙战场，更不知道后面的情况。但闻笛打听到，整个裂隙战场都消失了，树人族很可能选择和瘤背怪，包括寄生虫族同归于尽。”
雷木脸上忽然露出悔恨的神情，他说：“我知道撒家地宫里有传送阵可以前往塔塔拉族飞船，为了确定默林的情况，也想回到第二关继续学习，我和闻笛就决定前往撒家地宫。”
“但就在我们即将到达地宫的时候，我突然感到头疼如裂，甚至感到自己失去了一部分精神力，就连精神核都有所损伤。”
“那时我不知道是怎么回事，闻笛给我反复检查多次，也只推断出我可能中了某种暗算，闻笛想了很多办法，帮我修复精神核和精神力，但我始终觉得自己失去了一部分。之后，我突然离开闻笛，自己走了。”
“现在我才知道当时我是怎么回事。”雷木带着悔恨和惆怅，说道：“因为我们疏忽了地宫，撒菲力或者说背后操控者的阴谋成功了，其中第一代国王撒洛特也做出了不小的贡献。他在那座监牢里利用阴石修炼，掌控了大量失去神智的疯狂亡灵，最后他还吞噬了监牢中的所有亡灵，成为极为强大的亡灵怪物。”
“两位老祖没有察觉？”王叶问。
雷木回答：“老祖应该是发现了，他去查看情况，被撒洛特偷袭打伤。当时的撒洛特因为吞噬了太多亡灵，特别强大，但也特别疯狂，他的神智已经不太清醒。撒洛特逃出监牢，老祖去追捕他，象夫人和大黑也去帮忙。撒洛特就在地宫里到处吞噬亡灵强大自身。但两位老祖加大黑联手，还是把撒洛特打到重伤。”
“撒洛特躲了起来，他开始利用当初下在我身上的封印，召唤我，首先被召唤来的就是我的分魂，那个小木木。他先吞噬了小木木，如此他就得到了我的骨血和分魂，他借此呼唤我。”
“我当时被他影响，就离开闻笛，来到地宫。撒洛特想要夺舍我，我抗争，我和撒洛特几乎两败俱伤。而之前我说的撒洛特和老祖打斗的那段，也是我在和撒洛特的精神力抗争中，看到的一些片段。”
“受伤的撒洛特亡灵躲了起来，想要继续吞噬亡灵来恢复。而我则被撒菲力捡到。”
雷木毫无感情地道：“我那时一直以为撒埃德父子抓捕我是想榨干我的骨血，现在想来应该也有撒菲力的要求，撒菲力想要守墓人，也就是我的身体。”
“撒菲力果然……他应该是被骗了，说是复活，其实是有人想把他的灵魂塞到你的身体中。”王叶气道。
“是啊，他被骗了，但他那时不知道，他按照幕后者的吩咐，把我放到了一个魔法阵的阵眼中，然后激发了整个魔法阵。但撒菲力显然不知道，他激发的那个魔法阵连带也激发了一个大型献祭魔法阵。”
这些都是雷木在这辈子才了解到的。
“之后，撒菲力的精神体进入我的精神海，和我抢夺身体控制权。因为我和撒洛特先打了一场，精神核已经受损，精神力也消耗过度，我几乎无法抗争撒菲力精神体的入侵。后来我失去意识很长时间，再醒来我才知道，地宫消失了，包括地宫中的所有亡灵。”
雷木对于他被撒菲力夺舍后那段时间的地宫变化并不清楚，但两人结合这辈子的经历，基本推断出两位老祖和大黑以及龙骨意识的结局都不太好。
伯里有心算无心，两位老祖和大黑还受伤了，加上他们的尸骨就在地宫下面。那个献祭魔法阵可是把地宫范围内所有东西都化作了纯能量，那时两位老祖八成也被卷入献祭大阵。就算他们能逃脱，付出的代价也一定很大，很可能不得不长久沉眠来恢复。
雷木又接着叙述道：“撒菲力夺舍我之后，就想要恢复我的继承人身份，期间……”
期间过程和王叶曾经猜测到的差不多。
撒尔曼大帝竟然真的为了夺取囚禁兰道的魔画，和某些势力一起联手袭击了陨星魔法学校，成为摧毁陨星的力量之一。
“……我亲手杀死了自己所有的亲人，兰道、月琴公主，还有撒尔曼大帝。”雷木说这句话时，隐藏了自己的真实情绪。
王叶恨不得把雷木抱在怀里安慰，“那不是你！”
“是，那不是我，是撒菲力下的手。撒菲力虽然夺舍了我，但我的意识并没有完全消失，我一直在和他抢夺身体控制权。有时候是我赢，有时候是他赢。撒菲力为了让我彻底消失，也是为了设计撒尔曼，让我亲眼看到撒尔曼重伤兰道，撒尔曼当时也受伤了。”
“兰道逃走，撒菲力追了上去，撒菲力假借我的身份，说我是他的孩子，兰道震惊之下，被撒菲力杀死。之后撒菲力又抱着兰道的尸体去找撒尔曼。”
“撒尔曼看到兰道死亡，整个人就像是也死了。撒菲力在那时，跟他说出我的身世，然后用我的嘴巴对撒尔曼说，他恨他。而撒尔曼当时也认出我，发现我竟然是他曾经帮助过的守墓人。撒尔曼大概是觉得他曾经有机会救下自己的孙子，也有机会和兰道和解，但一切都被他搞砸了。他狂笑，不断狂笑，之后就不断吐血。”
“撒菲力跟撒尔曼说，他唯一可以补偿我的，就是传位给我。撒尔曼大概觉得无所谓了，就下了诏书，真的把帝位传给了我。撒菲力欣喜若狂，他拿过诏书，就用我的手，给了撒尔曼最后一刀。撒尔曼大概也是想死在我手上，压根就没有躲避，也没有还手，他明明可以躲开。”
“在撒尔曼最后快要咽气时，撒菲力非常恶劣地告诉撒尔曼，说他的孙子撒坦早死了，他是撒菲力，还说是他设计的这一切。”
雷木的情绪里满是悲伤：“我到现在还记得，撒尔曼死时两眼一直盯着我，他死不瞑目。再然后，撒菲力找到月琴公主，用我的手掐死了月琴公主。撒菲力不断告诉我，是我杀死了我的所有亲人。我终于知道自己的身世，也恨透了撒菲力，我假装被撒菲力打击过深，把自己的意识深深藏了起来。”
“撒菲力以为我的意识已经彻底溃散，就放心了。那段时间，我看到很多。撒菲力和春木上国国主，还有长生会勾结，暗中控制了好几个掌控军权的将领。不，应该说，那些将领还有贵族大臣是被长生会控制了，撒菲力看起来当了老大，实际上他只是一个傀儡，但他自己却不知道，还很得意。”
“我还看到撒菲力派人在国家各处建造某些建筑和道路，而这些建筑和道路还有布置的东西，全都是长生会的人跟撒菲力建议，说这是一个大型吸取魔法阵，可以把民众的生命力吸取过来，转移到撒菲力身上，让撒菲力获得长生。但因为吸取的不明显，所以所有人都不会发现，也不会有大的影响。”
“撒菲力相信了长生会的说法，他真的以为一个人转给他一年寿命，他就能获得亿万年的长生。”
王叶眯眼，他想屠国的根子找到了。
“另外撒埃德父子也没有得意太长时间，撒菲力似乎察觉这对父子在暗中谋划他的帝位，这让他非常不高兴，他带人亲自抄家，把撒埃德一家三口全都杀了，灵魂都吞噬了。撒菲力发现了我的魔种之力很好用，而且发现直接吞噬灵魂可以快速提高他的实力，他就弄了很多人来做尝试，但他不知道，这样只会让他的意识混乱。”
“你吞噬了撒菲力的灵魂？”王叶猜到了。
雷木承认：“是，我暗中积蓄力量，在撒菲力利用那份诏书登上帝位的那天，我吞噬了撒菲力的灵魂。但前来观礼的春木上国国主伯思圣，还有某些人发现了异常。伯思圣似乎也能控制我，他拿出了一样东西，像是一张网，又像是一片干枯的叶子，不大，但我看到那叶片以后，神智就模糊了。”
“屠国是怎么回事？”都说到这里了，王叶也不会再忌惮这个问题。
雷木忽然冷笑：“那是栽赃。闻笛一直在找我，他发现我的异样，一直都想帮我恢复意识，在我登基当晚，他偷偷溜入皇宫，把我偷了出去。闻笛确实是个超级天才，他把魔法阵和炼药结合，为我稳定了精神体，还让我恢复了意识。”
“恢复意识的我当然要报复仇家，因为我知道自己身上有隐患，不知道什么时候就出问题，我没有按照闻笛所说，躲起来积蓄力量，等待以后报复仇人。我假装自己还是被控制的模样，在伯思圣对我进行召唤的时候，我回到了皇宫。”
接下来，雷木没有说详细经过，只说道：“我爆发了自己魔种的全部能量，我应该炸死了伯思圣还有他身边很多心腹。伯思圣也在最后利用那叶片反噬我，让我精神核碎裂。闻笛在混乱中，也杀了对方很多人，还把重伤的我救走。”
“后来，就突然传出我屠杀了银月帝国所有人的传言。”雷木说到这里，特别讽刺地道：“我不知道当时那些人都是怎么想的，他们怎么会认为我一个人就有本事在一夜之间杀死整个帝国亿万人？”
“是阵法。”王叶道：“有人在银月帝国也布置了一个大型献祭阵法。”
“就是如此。地宫那个献祭阵法看来是让某人尝到了甜头，所以他疯狂到献祭一个帝国的亿万人命来成全他自己！”雷木恨极。
国恨家仇，他跟伯里、伯思圣、长生会等人，仇恨比山高比海深，真正不共戴天！
“那十四个人到底是谁？”王叶冷不丁问。
雷木没上当：“闻笛让我不要说，他知道你一定会问，他说你想知道，就先通过第二关再说。”
王叶：“……”
回到裂隙战场后，王叶就按照原计划，去探索第二关。
因为默林跟他们说得非常含糊，只说他们到了第二关入口就会明白，其他什么都没详说。
为此，王叶打算先去第二关入口看看情况摸摸底，然后再进行人员招募——他还想借此大赚一笔。
王叶曾经设想过第二关各种模样，但他没想到会这么朴素。
第二关就是一扇木门，木门上还贴着一张告示。
这张木门就这么非常突兀地矗立在漆黑广袤的空间中。
从位置看，木门就在飞船的正下方。
但如果你没有通过第一道关卡，也就是得到默林的认可，你就是在飞船下方找死了，也别想找到这扇木门。
用默林的话来说，就是他用整艘飞船的能量在镇守第二关。
告示是用双月星通用语写的，虽然用的是古语法，但因为比较口语化，和现在的通用语也没有很大区别。
大意就是：这扇门会通往魔族开放给外族的学堂，但那里就是一个陷阱，想要真正掌握魔族的知识，必须去魔界一趟，但想要去魔界，你的某项专业知识最起码要达到十级。
告示上还说明，写这张告示的人已经把所有危险封闭在一扇魔镜中，只要进入者不作死，想要通过魔镜进入魔界，那么在学堂内学习就是安全的。而这间学堂欢迎所有热心学习、想要提高自己的人进入。
告示最下方还有留言者的大名，古鼎。
王叶看完告示内容，听说木门后面是一间能提高自己的学堂，而且还没什么危险，他……就推门进去了。
现在他就待在这间学堂中。
但等他进来，他才知道没有危险什么的就是一个谎言！
或者对于古鼎来说，这间学堂里的一切危险都不算是危险？
“木木，你和闻笛都进来过这里，为什么不提醒我？”王叶脸砸在桌子上道。
雷木轻飘飘地道：“哦，等你出去就知道了，出去时会有声音提醒你，不准泄露这里的一切，包括规则，否则已经学会的知识也会遗忘。这种精神暗示非常强大，我和闻笛自认不能抵抗，自然不敢违反规则。而且这里规则虽然凶险，但只要你认真地好好学，影响也不大。”
真的吗？王叶眉毛竖起来。
他刚进这间学堂，就有一个声音对他说：
“这里是给不听话的孩子准备的学堂，不好好学习会被揍哦。现在我们来做第一场入学摸底测试，如果摸底测试分低于五十分，你晚上只能睡钉板，晚饭也只有一块粗面包和一杯清水。哦，差点忘了说，在这里，你将无法使用任何特殊能量。”
是的，王叶进入这里后就惊恐地发现他不能使用魔法、也不能使用他的因果技能了！他唯一能用的就是精神力。
包括虫巢，他也不能使用了。
但虫巢是他身体的一部分，所以他虽然不能再进出虫巢、随意拿虫巢中的东西，但虫巢并没有被关闭，里面的老小还能出来进去，他真需要什么，他们也可以送给他。
但问题是没有了特殊能量加持，他完全不能控制自己的体重，这就导致他现在挪动自己跟玩命一样，连吃饭都累。
还有吃饭！
如果没有虫巢，他连吃饭喝水都要受到这个学堂的控制。
这个该死的学堂竟然要按照随堂测试成绩来给学生发放一切生存所需。
考得好，就吃得好、睡得好。
考不好，那你就准备吃渣子吧，睡钉板都是轻的。
不过可能为了让学生能全心投入的好好学习，这间学堂还包治疗。受伤了，会在半个小时内全部恢复。所以就算睡一个晚上钉板，早上起来你全身都是洞洞，也能给你恢复过来！
另外，学堂还有一个重要规则，那就是你想离开，必须参加阶段性考试，如果不能通过考核，自然无法离开学堂。
“我就不应该手贱地推门进来！”王叶这个后悔啊。
雷木幽幽道：“你已经进来了，这就是命运，接受吧。”
王叶有气无力地道：“我们这就算是失踪了？”
雷木笑：“是啊。幸好你过来时还跟虫老他们打了招呼，他们看你一去不回头，大概就会对外放出消息，说你在探查第二关时失踪。当然这个消息只会在上层传递，银月那边大概会做出你和我没有失踪的假象，以安慰民众。如此真真假假，伯里那批人才会上当。”
疯药王还冒声说：“你也不用担心吃饭，虫巢里的地多的是，蔬菜瓜果管够，就是肉可能有点不足，你看你要是早点答应小光搞养殖多好？”
小光：“咿！就是。”
大黑：“汪！”吃肉好。
王叶默默地打开了游戏系统，他想下线！他要回到地球吃肉，不带这些家伙。
下线是不可能下线的，他现在这个体重回到地球，那就是灾难。
王叶只能给他姑写信，告诉他现在学业很重，就要进入考试期，可能会有一段时间无法回家。
他姑似乎一直在关注他的信件，没过多久就给他回信。还是老生常谈，说是家里一切都好，让他放心，让他跟着师父好好学习，不要捣蛋云云。
最后他姑才提起一件事，说有人上门来高价买她的蔬菜，还想买她的种植方法，她推拒了，家里却在几日后糟了小偷。
不过小偷最后什么都没偷着，还从他们家阳台摔了下去，被保安逮个正着，交给警察了。
王沐原本不想用这事来烦扰侄子，但她又担心以后持续有人来找麻烦、更担心那些土壤会不会让人查出什么，就还是在信中提到此事。
王叶看完信件思考片刻，给他姑回信说，下次再有人来询问，就直接带人去看他们家的蔬菜和培植土，卖掉一部分也没关系。如果有人再来追问，就说是他给弄回来的肥料。
王叶现在特别想为自己当初的谨慎点赞，当初买房装修完后，他就在家里布置了魔法阵，可以防止和震慑小偷，还能一定程度地保护他姑和房子，这不就用上了？
不过培植土的事还是得解决，王叶抽出一张纸，开始写培植液的配方。
他打算借游戏之名，把一些培植液配方拿到地球去用。虽然没有这边的魔力因子，但这种新配方培植液也会有一些特殊效用。
遇到事情躲避没用，还不如坦然接受并把麻烦转化为利益。
王沐看完王叶的回信就放心了，在侄子的推荐下，她已经开始学习一些培植的知识。
以前她还想继续珠宝设计，但现在她觉得搞阳台种植也挺有意思的。
如果这些培植液真的能培植出更好的蔬菜，她还可以承包田地，或者直接卖培植液。
第325章 学堂三年
7月1日，今天是《极度危险》这个破游戏运行的第三年，也是王叶进入第二关学堂的第17天。
王叶的入学摸底考试成绩不错，拿到了51分……闻笛师父和雷木都说这分数不低，因为这是一份综合试卷，上面的内容包罗万象，能拿到50分以上的都是超级天才。
闻笛师父没说他当年拿到多少分，但雷木说了，说他只拿到3分，晚上就只吃了一片特别拉嗓子的粗面包和一杯微微苦涩的清水，晚上真的是睡钉板。
幸好钉板不是尖头，但想睡得舒服，那肯定不可能。
王叶拿到了51分，吃到了一片不知道是什么动物肉做成的熏肉，和一片白面包，以及一杯同样微带苦涩口感的清水，晚上就直接睡在石板上。
王叶以为这点东西肯定吃不饱，但古怪的是，他吃饱了。
王叶还对这些食物检查了一遍又一遍，包括疯药王和小云也帮他检查了，两人都告诉他，这些食物不但无毒，还蕴含某种特殊能量，吃了对身体有好处。
另外，雷木也告诉王叶，他睡了很久的钉板，但他的身体不但没有因此睡坏，体质反而提升不少。
王叶睡了十七天的石板，经过他的仔细观察和研究，他发现这石板确实藏有某种特殊能量，可以逐渐提高他的体质，虽然少，但确实有提高。
为此，哪怕这里的食物和水都很难吃，王叶也没有放弃过任何一顿。同样，他也依旧睡在石板上。
再提一件事，这间学堂所有设施的质量都特别过硬，因为就以王叶现在的体重，竟然没有一样东西被他压坏。
虽然一切看起来都还好，但今天王叶的心情特别糟糕，他考砸了！
只是考砸也就算了，木木竟然批评他，说他得意忘形，才会马失前蹄。
王叶决定伤春悲秋一把。
偷偷说，他感觉现在的木木和之前有点不一样，木木对他的态度明显不再把他当小孩子看，和他说话更像是平辈，损他的时候颇多。
9月14日，王叶心情极度阴霾。
就要死，这个日期简直太符合他现在的心情。
王叶觉得他就要死了，被这个学堂给折磨死了！
入学前三个月，都是自己想学什么都行，只要学完参加考试，考核过了，就可以进一步学习更高深的知识，这种看似松散的教学方式，王叶真心觉得挺适合他的。
他想学什么都可以，时间和内容也可以由他自己来定，真的挺好。
可王叶万没想到，今天，首先迎来三个月综合考试，考完了，他还没来得及放松，那个该死的声音就通知他，是的，是通知，不是商量！
那声音说，根据他这三个月的学习内容和考试结果，学堂为他量身定制了课程表，以后他必须严格按照这个课程表进行学习。
他讨厌课程表！
而且这个课程表简直就像是和他几个师父们商讨过一样，相似度高达九成！
最可怕的是，课程表中竟然加入了体术锻炼。
就他现在这个体重，让他体术锻炼？杀了他吧！
哦，还有一件事，闻笛师父醒了，生命之树也醒了。
不过王叶的生活并没有什么改变，只是家里热爱学习的又多了两人。
家里大的和老的不用愁，王叶不说，他们都恨不得吃睡在学堂里，完全不以学堂的规则为苦。
这个破学堂竟然连亡灵都能接受？不得不说，真的很神奇。
家里那群小的？当然一个都不能放过，他们的大家长在辛辛苦苦每天学习和考试，他们怎么能逃过？
就在王叶进入学堂的第三天，王叶就把金宝、小云、小光包括大黑都提到了学堂，让他们好好学习天天向上~
几个小的为此恨死他了，但是……他这也是为了他们好，桀桀桀~
小光也挑选了几个手下重点培养，跟她一起上学堂，王叶觉得甚好。
12月8日，王叶心情下雨中。
虽然他热爱学习，也喜欢接受新知识，但每天每天，醒来就是学习，晚上睡觉做梦也是学习，他真的烦了。
这时候就算有谁让他去拯救世界，他也愿意跟其去冒险！
这绝不是因为他今天考试又考砸了。
学堂没有老师，但有教学视频，就是魔影石录像。
王叶看了一个大约是魔族的家伙炼的药物，他敢百分百肯定，那魔族绝对出错了，但那魔族最后却炼制成功了。
而王叶按照对方的错误方法也好，他认为的正确方法也好，却怎么都炼制不出相同药剂。
王叶跟学堂提出，那个魔影石的录影有问题。
学堂理都没理他。
王叶现在怎么都想不出他到底错在什么地方。
而同样的药剂，闻笛师父轻易就炼制成功了。
可王叶不想问他，闻笛师父这段时间像是到了更年期，总是各种讽刺他，完全忘记了鼓励教学这回事。
而他，真的不适合打击教育，这让他特别想弑师。
好吧，上面这句绝对不能让闻笛师父看到，他一定会先弑徒。
王叶决定了，如果三天后，他还是不能炼制出这个药剂，他就去请教闻笛师父，闻笛师父如果骂他，他就……
唉，他想念虫老了。那老头嘴巴虽然凶，但对他是真的宠啊~
游戏运行第4年，1月19日，王叶心情特好！
他终于又长大了一岁。不止如此。
也许是他日日的期盼，也许是老天爷都看不过眼闻笛师父对他的挫折教育——疯药王都同情他了，虫老和兰道师父来啦！
王叶走的时候，把默林送给他的光卡留给了他们。
他跟两位师父说，如果裂隙战场的事情处理得差不多，就让他们来第二关找他。
现在两位师父来了，看来裂隙战场的事情已经料理好。
事情也确实如王叶所猜测，两位师父把这段时间裂隙战场发生的事都跟他们说了。
因为木精灵的加入，瘤背怪那边被抓了不少活口，并帮助瘤背怪剔除了虫卵，还保证他们的大脑里的那颗种子不会爆炸。
默林在接收到这些活的瘤背怪后，用空间隔绝手术去除那些种子，救下了这些塔塔拉族。
虽然他们恢复还需要很长时间，但只要他们的大脑还没有完全损毁，他们就还有恢复的可能。
默林看到了希望，他决定也加入裂隙战场为解决瘤背怪贡献力量，他派出了大量小型飞船。
塔塔拉族的飞船每一艘都配有光脑……姑且称之为光脑吧，其实那更有可能就是塔塔拉族的大脑。
有了这些飞船的加入，裂隙战场首先在联系上就变得特别迅捷。
而且飞船无论速度、隐形，还是武器攻击等方面，都不亚于双月星的魔器。
飞船不但可以提供给双月星人驾驶和乘坐，也可以单独作战。
最主要的是，小飞船数量非常多，默林为了能夺回浮空岛，也不再隐藏塔塔拉族的力量。
飞船坏了，只要光脑还在，就能随时返修。
小飞船立了功勋，就有贡献值，默林就用这些贡献值和裂隙战场申请原材料。
默林收到这些原材料，就能制造更多的小型飞船。
木精灵那边救回越多的塔塔拉族，默林也就能准备更多的光脑。
如此，就形成了一个良性循环。
且因为拔除了内奸，瘤背怪已经无法事先得到他们这边的攻防信息，就变得特别被动。
但裂隙战场出现的空间裂缝越来越多，这次高层和树人族都提前注意到了，他们一边尽力修补这些空间裂缝，一边在加快进攻瘤背怪的速度。
战场高层通过六大公会和各大超凡者学校，招揽了大量八级以上的高手。
这次和上辈子最大的不同，就是时间，这边所有行动全都提前了。
治理空间裂缝提前，打击叛徒提前，增加人手提前，所有的一切都在向良性发展。
这次征招也不是面向整个双月星，上辈子几乎是竭泽而渔一般地要求八级以上高手都加入战场，这次完全就是有奖征招，爱来就来，不来拉倒。
裂隙战场给出的奖励就是进入能量旋风带第二关的资格。虽然大佬们不太清楚第二关中有什么，但默林隐约透露出王叶和雷木都还安全的信息，而且王叶的那几位师父显然也没有特别担心自家徒弟，那么这个第二关完全可以当奖励利用起来嘛。
只要达到一定贡献值，就有进入旋风带第二关的机会。
冲着这点，来报名参加裂隙战场大战的高手很多。
这里面难免也会有一些目的不明的人，但对于后来进来的人，战场高层全都盯得很紧，你可以混水摸鱼，也可以出工不出力，只要你不联系瘤背怪、不在背后捅刀子，战场方面都可以睁只眼闭只眼。
It is inevitable that there will be some people with unknown purposes, but for the people who come in later, the battlefield leaders are all very close, you can fish in troubled waters, or you can work without help, as long as you don't contact the tumor back monster and don't stab you in the back, the battlefield can turn a blind eye.
而进来的高手们想要进入旋风带第二关，就只能努力累积贡献值。
And if the masters who come in want to enter the second level of the whirlwind belt, they can only work hard to accumulate contribution points.
在双月星这边彻底取得主动的情况下，瘤背怪已经被打得节节败退，他们似乎计划出逃，借用某个空间裂缝进行奋力一搏。
With the Twin Moon Star side completely gaining the initiative, the tumor back monsters have been defeated and retreated, and they seem to be planning to escape, borrowing some spatial rift to fight hard.
剩下的事就用不着虫老和兰道师父，陨星已经支援了很多人手，他们俩离开，别人也不会说闲话。而且这两位的贡献值也足够他们进入第二关两次都有余。
嘿嘿，他虫师父和闻笛师父对上了，王叶觉得他可以喘口气了~
Hehe, he and Wendi Master are up against each other, and Wang Ye feels that he can take a breath~
5月6日，王叶心情一般。
这段时间他真的是太忙了！
他不应该太相信虫老头的威力，老头竟然被闻笛师父说服了，他们一起加重了他的功课。
本来学堂就给他安排了很紧凑的课程表，可闻笛师父和虫老头竟然在这张课程表之上又给他加重了功课！
简直！
兰道师父就是一个切开黑，他说他不会给他增加功课，而他对他的要求只有一个，就是他的卷轴实力绝对不能弱于其他任何一门功课。
这和给他加功课有什么区别？啊啊啊！
闻笛师父最可怕的地方不在于他只逼迫他加紧学习炼药和魔法阵，他还特别会说动别人来给他增加负担。
生命之树原本成天乐呵呵的和小云种花种草，过着闲云野鹤的舒坦生活。
可闻笛师父也不知道跟生命之树聊了什么，生命之树就开始抓紧小云的种植，和他的培植课程……
为什么生命之树还会培植？！
木精灵都会？生命之树看了这么多年就看会了？
就连生命之树都被闻笛师父利用起来，可想而知疯药王和靳蜘蛛这两位，闻笛师父更不可能放过。
闻笛师父对老疯子一直很推崇，这让老疯子很得意，但等他和融合后的闻笛师父相处一段时间后，老疯子都是绕着闻笛师父走。
还说他戾气重，王叶觉得融合了上辈子记忆的闻笛师父才是真的戾气满满。
靳蜘蛛负责了他的炼金课程，老靳算是所有师父中最温柔的一位。王叶决定以后一定对他更好一点，嗯，明天开始就给老靳的身体增加灵液，再加一点虫蜜。
啊，好累，他等会儿要去找木木疗养一下，现在跟木木吐槽师父们，是王叶唯一的快乐！
木木真幸福啊，他现在只要好好长大，并接受生命之树和魔种的传承就可以。偏偏木木竟然还很羡慕他们，就想快点觉醒结束，好加入他们这个快乐学堂……
哦，差点忘了，看那帮小的笑话，也让王叶很爽。
大黑现在天天想要回家，它不想学习。但这就是做梦！
学堂给它布置了似乎只有狗亡灵才能学会、学好的课程，似乎和灵魂类魔法有关，大黑以前都是自然发育，现在是被迫学习，每天都过得死不如生。也只有王叶给它做的魔食才能慰藉它那颗受伤的心。
小云还好，他重点就是学习培植，而且学得很不错。
金宝就惨了，这小东西也被学堂认为他该学习很多功课，给他布置了一堆，不过都比较基础。
但就算如此，金宝也学得凄凄惨惨。
现在大家都喜欢和他这个大家长对比，只要他比他们更惨，他们就能感到快乐。
呵！
7月9日，王叶心情晴朗。
从他姑最近的信件看来，地球那边似乎已经提前察觉这个游戏对地球人的精神力影响。
首先是他通过他姑放出的培植液配方，这个配方现在已经被他姑公开。
这只是一个初级配方，放出去，对他们家只有好处没有坏处。
实际也是如此，现在他姑已经在用他给出的二号配方，他姑调制出来的培养液卖得非常好，还受到农业局重视，给她发了一个奖。
他姑就坦然告诉大家，说她的培植液配方就是在游戏中学到的，只不过经过她研究后，改成了地球有的原材料。他姑本来不想顶替他的研究成果，但他跟她说了这时候还不适合曝光他的游戏名，她才勉强用了自己的名头。
而在他姑之前，其实国家早就发现这个游戏的特殊之处。
只不过国家嘛，考虑得比较全面，有什么也不会直接说出来，尤其在没有掌握真正的大量的证据之前。但只看他们一开始就把军队啊、研究部门都安排进游戏，就知道上面的嗅觉同样敏锐，而且反应速度比普通人更快得多。
像他姑弄出一个培植液配方，改善农作物的口感，甚至让某些农作物产生了一些特殊效果，根本不算什么，也不打眼。
其实任何农作物都有自己的特殊效果，只不过很低微而已。而新型培植液只不过把原有的效果提升了一些。
之前还有厨师使用双月星的食物配方，做出了一些特色食物，搞了很大的噱头。
还有人把游戏中的精神力锻炼方法拿到现实中来使用，好些人都说有效，总之类似的事情并不少。
他曾经用隔壁小王的名字放出两篇论文，目前还没有看到相关结果。但因果卷上多了几个陌生名字，看过和他们的因果关系，才知道他们在研究他提供的配方。而那位研究糖尿病治疗药剂的药学家似乎就要出成果了。
另外，自从一年前他的玩家等级不再往上升，找他的人就很少了，而且最近超过九十级的玩家也越来越多，他就越发不起眼，很多人都快把他遗忘了。
这是好事。
之前有次，他的身份差点暴露，但后来据说消息源头的提供者又否认了，说是自己喝多了吹牛。
王叶猜出了那个人的身份，不过没关系，对方显然不是有意暴露他的身份，应该真的是喝多了说溜嘴，结果差点被人利用。
而那个在网上高价说要卖他真实信息的人，其实根本不知道他是谁，否则他在因果卷上已经看到对方的名字。
那个人只知道隔壁小王曾和四个玩家一起下了一个叫做“失落的药锄”的副本，其他就屁都不知道。
那人唯一能卖的就是他好友的游戏名，也就是青年老李，但青年老李已经说了自己就是喝多了吹牛，并在网上把那个朋友给骂得狗血喷头，还说见一次打一次。
这些都是王叶从游戏论坛上看来的。
哦，他还发布了一个世界任务，就是让大家找寻智慧寄生虫族，任务物品就是虫巢，而任务奖励则是一万金币。
一万金币的奖励对于绝大多数玩家来说，那是相当高的奖励，很多玩家都接了这个世界任务。
而对于王叶来说，如果真有玩家干掉一只虫王，并傻乎乎地把虫巢当做任务物品交给他，那他绝对会给对方一万金币，给十万都行！
吞噬其他虫巢，可是会让他的虫巢升级的。
而玩家们就算最后不能杀死虫王，可一旦他们找到或接触到智慧寄生虫族，那么游戏系统也会给他们发布相关任务，他们总体也不会亏。
如果有玩家还记得他当初发的帖子，杀了虫王后把虫巢自己留下，那更赚。
游戏运行第5年，7月11日，王叶心情特别好！
这是王叶进入第二关学堂的第三年。
今天他有一个特大喜讯，他的体重终于减轻了！
虽然只是减轻了三分之一，但经过两年的特训，王叶已经习惯现在的体重，相信等他的体重恢复到正常那一天，他已经变成了超级大力士。
王叶决定回家一趟，很久没有看到姑姑，甚是想念。
他姑也十分想念他，要不是有照片，他姑都要怀疑他是不是遇到什么不幸了。
等等，生命之树叫他，他来去问问这位大佬有什么事……
天！他差点忘了他答应木精灵大祭司的事情，他还得抽空去一趟精灵族地。
这就表示他得参加阶段性考试？王叶头大。
为什么他有种他很可能无法通过这次考试的可怕预感？
7月13日，王叶郁猝中。
预感成真，他考砸了……
他该怎么对生命之树说，他很可能无法去精灵族地了？
7月18日，王叶心情甚好。
就在王叶打算再申请一次阶段性考试时，他的一名老朋友，木精灵战士翡爵进入了学堂。
其实这两年除了翡爵，还有其他人进入学堂，但学堂空间很古怪，只要你不想和大家遇到一起，就不会遇到，除非你特意想要见到谁，跟学堂申请，而另一方也同意，彼此才能见到。
王叶以为翡爵是来催他出去的，结果翡爵给他带来了一个不知道算不算好消息的消息。
木精灵大祭司木守率领三千木精灵战士回归精灵族地，可还没有进入族地，其他四系的族长和祭司就出来见他们，并告诉他们，精灵王和大祭司失踪了，而那棵真正的生命之树也跟着失踪。
为此，精灵族对木精灵大祭司的到来简直是举族欢迎，更喜极而泣。
大祭司派遣翡爵过来，就是让翡爵告诉王叶，她现在正在整顿整个精灵族，并需要生命之树回去一趟，哪怕生命之树已经变异，只要祂能回去，也能安稳精灵心。
而王叶这边如果能来一趟最好，不能来就等以后，大祭司表示能理解。
生命之树知道这个消息后，当即就准备跟翡爵一起回精灵族地。
但生命之树能走，祂就没有进入过学堂，从虫巢出来后只要拒绝参加入学摸底考试，就会被学堂踢出去。
可翡爵不知道学堂规则，他一进来就参加了摸底考试，现在暂时就走不掉了。
生命之树就单独离开了。
另外，翡爵还带来了裂隙战场的最新消息。
瘤背怪的浮空岛被夺了下来，瘤背怪高层带着少数瘤背怪逃入了一个空间裂缝中，就此不知去向。
到此，裂隙战场双月星方面已经算是大胜。
而战场高层和树人族那边已决定全员撤出裂隙战场，因为裂隙战场的空间裂缝越来越多，已经补不可补。
默林用全部的贡献值交换了浮空岛的所有权，他要把浮空岛收到风眼中，以后浮空岛就是塔塔拉族的家园了。
默林暂时也不会带领塔塔拉族离开能量旋风带秘境，因为塔塔拉族现在还需要很长时间来恢复。
而且默林答应镇守第二关通道，也还没有到约定的结束时间。
双月星人正在逐批退出裂隙战场。
木精灵秘境入口会跟着树人族转移而转移。
树人族真正的族地也不在裂隙战场，而是在双月星某个秘境中。
树人族也即将回归，以后双月星上必然会看到更多树人族出没。
王叶放下课本，决定去找木木聊天，今天心情这么好，他不想学习~
游戏运行第六年，6月15日，王叶从早上清醒开始就有点紧张。
时间跨度这么大，主要是这一年也没什么好述说的，每天不是在学习就是在考试。
但后天王叶就要参加小升初的考试了。
哈哈哈！他终于就要不是小学僧了！
同时，他也终于能控制他的体重了，否则他还不知道要怎么去参加考试，把板凳压坏了没什么，就怕把考场地板都给压穿。
哦，还有，他长高了。十三岁，一米七二，应该不算矮了吧？至少这个数值比上辈子同期要好。
想到要见到学校老师，王叶有点不好意思。
当年他答应的事好像一样都没兑现……
嗐，都是游戏害他！
这次回去，要么带大家一起回去玩玩？
在这个鬼学堂待了这么长时间，大家都要蹲出幽闭症出来了，总不能他一个人回去逍遥，就放大家继续在学堂啃面包吧？
第326章 地球有魔力？
“三位师父、金宝、小云、小光、还有大黑，再加一个木木，八个智慧生物，一共就是十六万经验值，来回就是三十二万。”加上他自己还要扣两千。
王叶的心在颤抖，32.2万经验值啊，他得做多少任务才能赚回来？要么把那几个小的全都留下？小孩子嘛，玩什么玩，就该天天学习不能松懈！
“你在嘀咕心疼什么？”雷木感应到王叶那深刻的心痛，忍不住好奇问。
王叶：“我想回家一趟，我要参加小学毕业考试了，必须回去，不过我想着大家在学堂也都憋了这么长时间，要么就带大家回去放松放松。但是……人太多，太耗能量了。”
雷木了然，笑：“你打算回去多久？”
“看情况，应该不会多久。”
“如果不久的话，你可以问问大家，有谁想去，有谁不想去，说不定有人不想离开学堂呢？”雷木建议。
“另外，我这样子，回去你家也没什么可玩的，不如就把我留下？”
“不行！你必须跟我一起，我才不会跟你分开。”
雷木笑：“你这是不是叫PTSD？”
王叶噗噗笑起来：“木木，你真了解我。没错，自从你们上辈子先我而去，我就有了极为严重的创伤后应激综合症，你可不能离开我，否则我发起病来可是会很可怕滴~”
雷木的精神力拍了拍王叶的肩膀，这家伙自从知道他恢复了上辈子的记忆，和他说话就开始自我放飞了。
王叶乐颠颠地真去统计放风名单了。
结果一问，所有人都对他的家乡非常感兴趣，几个小的更是大喊着要去要去，想把他们单独甩下来是不可能的。
王叶一咬牙，三十二万就三十二万！
从八十九级升到九十级需要四十四万五千的经验值，他原本还只差十一万多一点就能升到九十级。
现在就当……赚钱给大家报旅游团了。
往好处想，虽然扣掉32.2万，但他等级并没有掉下去，还是八十九级。
王叶还试图和游戏系统谈判，表示他现在可以使用空间之力，如果他出力，是不是可以减免一些。
结果系统就回他一句话：“你的空间之力已全部用来抵消升级后虫巢远距离传送需要使用的能量，否则升级后的虫巢，需要扣除更多经验值。”
王叶：“……以后我如果能远距离传送，是不是就不需要通过你了？”
“你想要进出双月星，就得付费。”系统表示关税是必须交的，逃税漏税绝不可取。
王叶确定了，这系统的创造者绝对和双月星有莫大关系。
6月16日，王叶把一家老小放在虫巢里，回到了地球钟山市，他的家中。
大家从虫巢里出来，看到套房中的一切并没有感到陌生，因为虫巢小楼中的很多设施和装修就和这里一样。
王叶一开始买了大型太阳能发电机，后来学会了能量转换，就把魔晶能量转换成电能，而一颗一级标准魔晶所含有的能量足够供应虫巢中所有电器十年使用。
实际上，虫巢中需要使用电器的地方真的不多，三位师父更习惯使用魔法，不管是清洁魔法还是冰冻或加热魔法，都非常好用，还省得他们操作电器。
也就是靳蜘蛛和雷木对地球的电器和机械比较感兴趣，做了一些魔改版的家用魔器，打算以后降低能量消耗和制作成本后，就在双月星的普通民众中推行。
“诸位，先换上我们这边的衣服哈。魔法袍、猎人装和贵族装之类的暂时别穿了，那个穿出去，大家会以为你们在玩cosplay。你们也都看过电脑中的节目，知道我们这边人都是穿什么样的衣服，要现代风，不要古代。”王叶提醒众人。
兰道第一个表示没问题，他拿出一张卷轴——上面印有他非常喜欢的一套地球现代服饰，往身上一拍，身上的衣服鞋袜就换了一套。
王叶看到宛如电影明星画报中走出来的兰道，心想：我兰道师父这一出去，绝对会上头条！这位是真能把时装当日常衣服穿的人，也能把日常衣服穿成时装。
“兰道师父，您这头墨绿色的长发……”
“怎么？要换个颜色吗？”兰道扎了个马尾，特别精神利索。
王叶：“算了，不用了。除非您能把脸也给换了……”
兰道微微一笑。
王叶在心里狂叫：姑啊，快来看真精灵王子！
金宝熟练地打开电视，他不用换装，他可以伪装宠物，早在看影视节目的时候，他就设想过去地球那边要怎么掩饰自己的身份了。
“我这边没有开通电视节目，得去我姑那边看。”王叶拿出电脑，回忆他姑那边的wifi密码，输入，连上。
“爸叽，我来~！”金宝看了那么多影视节目，早就知道网络是怎么回事，一看王叶联网的动作，立刻兴奋了。
王叶就把帮助大家寻找合适衣饰的任务交给了金宝。
几小一起凑到电脑前。 A few children gathered together in front of the computer.
金宝干脆把电脑影像投影到专门用来投影的电视墙上，这样所有人都能看得清楚。
闻笛挑剔地翻了几页，啪的一个响指，身上的魔法师衣袍就变成了一套休闲风的夏式西装，连皮鞋和袜子，包括领带都配好了。
哇靠！王叶瞪大眼睛，他第一次知道他闻笛师父竟然这么骚包。
真的，这套西装简直把闻笛师父深藏的雅痞风格展现得淋漓尽致，而那条细细的、略微松垮的黑金色领带更是带出一股凌厉的邪气。
闻笛无视王叶快要掉出来的眼珠子，邀请兰道一起走向阳台，他们对房子外面的世界更感兴趣。
虫老挑选的时间比较长，他虽然恢复了中年帅哥的形象，但审美还是有点偏老年化，他竟然看中了一套特别华夏风的对襟练功服。
王叶头大，虫老这身穿出去倒也不难看，问题是虫老长着一张比较西方的脸，还是一头天生银发，这么走出去，回头率绝对百分之两百。
兰道听到王叶的求救，看到虫老换上的衣服，笑，过来给他做了一点小小的调整。
虫老上身依旧是对襟的黑色练功服，但扣子解开了两颗。手腕上套上了比较粗的木珠手镯，垂着很有味道。下半身则是一条牛仔裤，脚上穿着皮凉鞋。耳朵上另外夹了一个藏银耳夹。
顿时，虫老从穿着练功服的奇怪外国中年，变成了一个走华夏风的外国银发大帅卡。
疯药王也不甘示弱，他就是亡灵，也要做一个有格调的亡灵，想当年他可是大贵族来着，他的衣品也很不错，换的那套衣服看起来就像是大家族的掌门人。
“老疯子，你可不要随便就这么飘出去，白天飘出去你会被围观，晚上飘出去，你会吓死人。总之，你要出门可以，必须隐形。”王叶连忙提醒。
疯药王冷哼。
靳蜘蛛只要把身体变小，随便塞在哪里都不会有人注意。
小云决定就做一个盆栽，让人抱着走。
小光因为太闪了，被王叶坚持要求变一个颜色，或隐身，总之：“你这模样在地球出现，得一堆人追着你跑，都想把你抓了卖钱。昆虫学家都会想得到你、研究你。你想变成标本被黏在墙上吗？还有，没有我的允许，绝对不准对这边的人出手！”
小光咿咿叫着麻烦，转了个身，浑身都变得透明。
大黑趴在地上，它最简单，什么都不用改变，只要实体化继续当狗就可以。
王叶抱着龙头骨花盆抹汗，总算搞定了。
雷木笑，小嫩芽摇了摇。
王沐正在阳台给长势良好的蔬菜浇水，忽然听到隔壁传来一阵动静，她正想着是不是侄子回来了，就看旁边的阳台上走出两名身材修长的青年男子。
王沐的手和目光都凝固了，水壶的水一直在往下洒水，她却忘记提起来。
这两位宛如从电影世界走出来的超级帅哥是谁？
为什么他们会在她侄子家里？
闻笛和兰道都感觉到旁边有人注视他们。
闻笛转头，看到王沐……的五官与他收的那个兔崽子有些相像，当即猜到了对方的身份，就对她点了点头。
兰道也侧过头，看过来，还对王沐笑了笑。
我的妈呀！王沐一个激灵，清醒过来，赶紧放下水壶，水壶里的水都撒到她腿上了。
“两位，你们是？”
“你是小叶子的姑姑王沐女士吧？”兰道温文尔雅地问道。
王沐连忙点头。
兰道微笑：“我们是小叶子的师父。”
兰道转头，朝房间里喊：“小叶子，过来跟你姑姑解释一下。”
“来了。”王叶跑到阳台，伸头对他姑摆了摆手：“姑，我们马上过来。”
王沐要晕了，她一直以为侄子的师父是个老头，没想到竟然是两个青年，还长得如此……天哪，这个门派难道是看脸选人的吗？她记得雷木就贼拉帅。
当晚，王沐家里异常热闹，王沐主厨，王叶要帮忙，被他姑赶出厨房。
王叶就左金宝、右小光，身边还跟着一只大黑，出去买卤菜了。
闻笛和兰道一人一台电脑在那儿上网，他们发现金宝在玩后，站在一边看了一会儿，就掌握了上网的方法。
一开始因为语言不通，他们还有点困难，需要小云在一边指点。小云和金宝一样，已经把华夏语学得溜熟，跟母语没什么差别。
以闻笛和兰道的精神力，想要学会华夏基本用语也花不了多长时间，就跟着小云边学边上网。
With the spiritual power of Wendi and Landau, it didn't take long to learn the basic Chinese language, so he followed Xiaoyun to learn and surf the Internet.
虫老、疯药王和靳蜘蛛则在看电视，他们一会儿换一个台，每一个台的节目都能让他们看得津津有味。
Worm Lao, Crazy Medicine King and Jin Spider are watching TV, they will change stations for a while, and the programs of each station can make them watch with relish.
为什么一会儿换一个台？当然是三人喜欢的口味不同。 Why change the station for a while? Of course, the tastes that the three like are different.
王沐在厨房里切着菜，刚刚受到的震惊还没有消下去，她竟然看到了鬼灵！
Wang Mu was cutting vegetables in the kitchen, and the shock she had just received had not subsided, she actually saw a ghost!
是的，王沐看到了疯药王。
王叶觉得疯药王如果在家里都不能显形也太可怜，而且疯药王真的隐身，开门关门再拿起什么，反而会吓到他姑，那还不如一开始就把疯药王介绍给他姑认识。
反正自从他在他姑面前突然消失又突然出现后，他姑的接受能力就强了很多。
王沐的接受能力确实强了很多，所以她能特别冷静的和几位师父们道好，给他们泡茶拿饮料，直到进了厨房，震惊感才慢慢涌了上来。
对比一个脚不落地、没有实体的疯药王，小光、小云、金宝、大黑和靳蜘蛛，那真不算什么了。
王叶还介绍了他怀里抱着的花盆中的嫩芽，说这是他师兄，但具体是哪个师兄，他没说。
王沐：“……”很正常，有个鬼灵师父，再有个才发芽的师兄也不是什么奇怪事。
王沐淡定地拿起菜刀，剁剁剁。
靳蜘蛛爬进厨房，直接用精神力传递他的意思：“要帮忙吗？”
王沐看到一只机械蜘蛛和自己说话，嘴角抽了抽，但仍然挤出笑脸：“不用了，就几个菜，很快就好。”
“那你负责做菜和调味，切菜和洗菜交给我。”靳蜘蛛对于帮厨这个活计已经很熟练了。
王沐见机械蜘蛛不像是客气的样子，就指着料理台上那些食材大致说了要准备成什么样。
“交给我，你去忙你吧。”靳蜘蛛长爪子一挥，八只爪子分别处理不同的食材，做着不同的工作，完全没有打结的困扰。
王沐张大嘴巴，看着一大块冻肉在不到半分钟内就变成了一盘粗细长短都差不多的肉丝。
这还是靳蜘蛛收着来了，他可是听王叶说了，他的家乡没有魔力，他们使用魔力得省着一点。
有靳蜘蛛帮忙，王沐这顿饭做起来可就快多了。
闻笛抬起头，看向厨房，又转头朝客厅阳台的方向看了看。
“你们有没有感觉出来？”
“感觉出什么？”兰道随口问道。
“……魔力。”
“嗯？”兰道、虫老和疯药王同时抬起头。
小云也看向闻笛。
闻笛收回看向外面的目光，细细感知一番，肯定地道：“这里有魔力。非常低微，几乎感觉不到，但确实有。”
“是小叶子带回来的东西吗？”兰道一边说，一边也放出精神力细细感知。
疯药王直接飘到阳台，他吸收的能量和兰道他们略微不同，对魔力感知也就更敏锐一些。
“似乎是有些差别。”疯药王做了个吸气的动作。
虫老也走到阳台，他先是捏了一些土壤，用手指搓了搓，又撕了一片菜叶子放进嘴里。
“如何？”疯药王飘过来问。
虫老沉吟：“是有些不同。”
小云完全感觉不出来，他甚至感觉不到这里有魔力。
疯药王如今在几位大佬中实力最弱，虫老最强，其次就是闻笛。
闻笛融合后，已经接近突破十级的边缘，他完全可以突破到圣级，但他强行压制住了。
兰道则是真正的九级顶阶，距离十级还差一线。
“小叶子不是说他的家乡没有魔力吗？”兰道发现自己感觉不出来，索性放弃。
闻笛沉思：“这魔力非常非常微弱，几乎感觉不出来。而且这魔力似乎和我们双月星也有些不同。”
“也就是说小叶子的家乡有魔力，而且说不定是很纯粹的魔力？”兰道反应过来。
闻笛：“很可能，这魔力虽然微弱，但我刚才吸收了一点，和我的身体完全不冲突。”
疯药王的眼睛也亮了：“这里不会有原始魔力吧？”
虫老摇头：“魔力太少了，不好验证。”
“也许有某些地方魔力会更充足一点。等小叶子回来，我们问问他，能不能到处走走。”闻笛原本只打算来这边给几个孩子放放风，待个几天就把王叶给催回去，但现在他改变主意了。
如果小叶子的家乡真的有原始魔力，这将是一件非常了不得也非常重要的事情，他们需要求证一下。
王叶买卤菜回来，听师父们说他们感受到了微弱的魔力，也以为是他带回来的那些物品附带的魔力。
直到闻笛明摆着说出：“不一样，这魔力虽然微弱，但从四面八方而来，而且魔力性质和双月星那边有略微不同。”
王叶感知，却什么都没感知出来。
闻笛这次没嘲笑徒弟，他只是很直白地说：“你实力太低，自然感觉不到。”
王叶：“……我明后天要考试，要么等我考完，我带你们到名山大川去转转？”
闻笛看向其他几人。
“好，我想看看小叶子这边的学校和考试。”兰道兴致盎然地道。
“我也想看看小叶子的家乡城市，这里和我们那边很是不同呢。”虫老也对游览钟山市充满了兴趣。
最后大家商量妥当，王叶自己一个人去考试，王沐带领大家游览整个钟山市。
王叶还特别郑重地跟几位师父说：“考试期间请不要去找我，考完也不要去，去了也要假装不认识我。”
王沐拍侄子，怒瞪他：跟师父们怎么说话呢。
但王沐也特别理解侄子不想几位师父去学校找他的原因，实在是太闪了！
王沐其实很想去送考，但王叶表示只是小升初考试而已，他一个人去完全没问题。
其实很有问题，学校教师看到王叶在考试当天早上出现，都愣了半天。
但幸好王沐早就给王叶准备好所有手续，拿到了准考证，王叶现在只要凭准考证进入考场考试就可以。
王叶也不是裸考，就算是小升初考试，他也是很认真对待的，该看的课本都已经看完，该学的知识也都已经牢记。
现在的小学知识绝对不能小看，尤其附加题。王叶要是不看书就来考试，考及格没问题，但想考个好分数就不可能了。
第一天考完，王叶自己溜达回去了。
第二天王叶刚出考场，就见学校门口似乎有点奇怪的骚动。
王叶心下感觉不妙，迅速奔出校门。
果然！他几个师父们都来了。
王叶扭头，假装不认识这些人，悄摸摸地顺着路沿想要溜走。
兰道眼尖，一眼看见王叶想要偷溜的小样，但他只是笑了笑，并没有喊住王叶。
王沐也看到侄子了，她同样没喊。
说句真心话，她真不想和这几位站在一起……太多人看他们了！
王沐甚至看到有人在悄悄用手机拍他们。
但几位师父怎么可能让人随便把他们拍了过去？
等会儿那些看手机的人大概要惊喊见鬼了，因为他们拍下的照片，只有路景，完全没有他们想拍的那几个人。
“哇，儿子，你看那边。”于兵母亲拉着儿子，让他赶紧转头看小学门口。
于兵无奈道：“等等，等我把车子停好。”
于兵在指定停车点把车辆停好，就看坐在他车子里的外婆、老妈和老姨已经推门下车，并盯着一个方向不停地看。
另一边，他姨夫开的车也停好了。
于兵从车里拿出给他表弟买的奶茶，锁好车门，和他姨夫还有三位老人汇合，一起向表弟学校校门走去。
“喝！那是电影明星在拍戏吗？”于兵外公惊叹道。
“是吧，特别帅气，特别好看，尤其中间那个年轻的长头发的，那模样简直了！我就没见过比他更好看的人。”于兵妈妈直勾勾地看着那边，看得眼睛都要流出口水了。
一家人一起看向那几个特别耀眼的男子。
于兵乍一看到那几张脸，莫名觉得有点熟悉，他正想着在哪里看过这些人，是不是某个电影……他又往前走了两步，这下他可以看得更清楚了，正好其中一人让开一步，让他看到了被挡住的兰道的脸。
吧嗒！于兵手里拎着的奶茶掉在了地上。
这张脸！
这张脸怎么可能会出现在地球？出现在现实中？！
于兵，网名烟花下的寂寞，今天和家人一起来接考完试的表弟去酒楼吃饭，结果却在表弟的小学门口看到了游戏中的天下第一美人，卷轴大宗师兰道！
第327章 身份证
于兵很想上前，但他不敢。
那几个人的气势真的太强了，没看周围人都只敢偷看他们，却没有人上前打扰的吗。
而且人家也不是公众人物，只是长得很像那位大美人而已……也许美人都长得比较像吧？
于兵看到有人拍照，他拿着手机犹豫了一会儿没好意思，这属于偷拍了。
没过多久，那几个人就走了。
于兵迅速打开游戏论坛，他想写什么，又觉得不应该暴露人家的隐私，结果就犹豫这么一会儿，论坛上就冒出了好几个帖子。
提醒王叶的是他姑王沐。
王沐在王叶考完试回家后，悄悄把他拉到自己的卧室，低声问他：“我知道你的师门比较神秘，我也不想多问。但是，你那几位师父，我怎么看着都有点面熟？”
王叶脸上打出问号。
王沐看看紧闭的房门，把声音压得更低：“这两天我太惊讶，一时就没想起来，我今天上网……，你那位长得最好看、头发墨绿色的师父，他怎么长得和游戏中的那个兰道大美人一模一样？还有你另外一位师父，也长得特别像闻笛教授。你之前跟我说他们叫什么名字来着？”
“我没跟你说他们的名字，我只说他们是我的师父。”王叶看出他姑的那点小花招，戳破。
王沐瞪侄子：“所以他们到底是谁？为什么会跟游戏世界中的人长得那么像？”
王叶露出坏笑：“他们就是游戏世界中的兰道师父和闻笛教授啊。”
王沐：“……你就扯吧！”
忽然，王沐一拍巴掌：“我知道了，你们那个师门是不是和《极度危险》这家游戏公司有关联？这么厉害的全息游戏难不成就是你们师门搞出来的？而游戏中某些人物就是用你们师门中的人建的模？”
王叶佩服姑姑，这脑洞真的很大了。
看王叶没有否认，王沐自认为找到真相，也就不再多问。
王叶从他姑房里出来，懊恼地拍了拍自己的脑袋。
在学堂待了三年，排得满满的课程表也让他的脑子塞得满满的，再也装不下其他事情，以至于他完全把当初学校大比被拍成游戏资料片的事给忘了个精光。
大比中，兰道师父前面几场比试都没有暴露身份，一直穿着黑袍坐在观众席，但在最后一场卷轴比试时，因为他被三月主困住，几位师父去营救他，兰道师父在那里被叫破身份，就索性露出了自己的真容。
当时何止是观众席轰动一片。
观看资料片看到这一段的地球玩家乃至非玩家，都恨不得舔屏。他还记得当时截图的人特别多，兰道师父更成了很多玩家的梦中情人和手机桌面。
王叶打开电脑，查看相关消息。
兰道在钟山市各大名胜古迹晃荡的第一天，网上就有零零碎碎的消息了，但因为没有人拍到照片，没有拿到最有力的证据，才没有掀起风浪。
第二天，就有更多帖子冒出，游戏论坛也有不少人冒头。
一开始大家都觉得是假消息，但当有越来越多的人证实他们都是在钟山市看到兰道，这就不像是假消息了。
“钟山市惊现天下第一大美人兰道的建模原形！”
“赌整容狗。”
“那样的气质怎么可能靠整容整出来？”
“我不相信真实世界有这么好看的人，这根本不可能！”
“那是你见识少，给你看古今中外绝色美人，不用谢。”
一堆照片甩出来，这栋楼立刻歪了。
但别的帖子却聊得热火朝天。
“兄弟姐妹们，到底有多少人拍到了照片，光说没有用啊，上实证啊！”
“我明明拍照了，还拍了好几张，但一张都没有拍到人！和兰道在一起的几个人都没有拍到。这太古怪了！我当时看手机差点吓尿。”
“惊！游戏世界入侵地球了吗？魔法是真实的？”
“我一直都觉得这个全息游戏有些古怪，说不定真的是一种侵略，而我们都不知道。”
“楼上不要耸人听闻，顶多是有人长得像而已，或者有人喜欢兰道，特地整容成那样也有可能。”
“我也怀疑是化妆，也许是游戏故意作秀宣传。”
“那拍不到人是怎么回事？可不止一个人这么说。”
“应该是某种干扰。手机信号都能干扰，拍照自然也能干扰，比如身上带着某种干扰光线之类的干扰器？”
“楼上正解。如果这真的是游戏宣传，以这个游戏公司可以开发出全息游戏的能力，想要弄出一些便携式的拍照干扰器应该很简单。”
“确定，就是游戏宣传手法。除了兰道，还有一个人长得特别像跳槽到陨星魔法学校的闻笛教授。”
“好奇另外几个人是谁？”
“有一个轮廓很深的中年帅大叔。据说还有一个女的跟他们一起，看起来很普通，大概是助理。”
“他们还带着一只大黑狗，特别精神的狗，但那狗也没拍下来。”
“肯定是游戏宣传。狗游戏，不知道多放福利，成天在这方面搞噱头！”
“想看真实的兰道，哪怕是化妆或整容的也成~”
“闻笛教授也超帅啊，想看闻笛教授。”
“……出现的这两个人怎么都是小叶子的师父？小叶子会不会也出来了？”
“等等！你们有没有注意到，有好几个帖子都说在钟山市某小学门口看到的这几个人，而且这几个人貌似在等人，虽然他们最后好像没等到，很快就走了。但也可能是怕引起太多人围观，才走的。”
“既然是游戏宣传，怕什么围观？”
“也许就这样真真假假的才吸引人啊。”
“现在狗策划都很厉害！”
“为什么没有人去要签名、要合照？”
“气势太强，不敢上前。我往前迈了一步，只被看了一眼就被冰冻住了，瑟瑟发抖中。”
“啊啊啊，求和兰道大美人合照~”
“楼上的都给我等等，我要说的是，这个游戏会不会搞出一个地球联动节目，比如小叶子就在那个小学上课，然后他几个师父去接他……”
“那天是小学毕业考！”
“所以小叶子是小学僧？”
“他在资料片中本来就是小学生啊，他还拉二胡呢。哦，他一开始还女装！”
“这游戏大概是想拍电影了。常有的事，受欢迎的游戏电影化，捞一波热钱什么的。师父们就找老外，小叶子就找华夏人，再注意搭配皮肤颜色，很好，全球票房都能拿下来了。”
“要是真有人能长得跟兰道一样，那还不得爆火？我现在就想知道扮演兰道的这个人是谁？他不红，我捧他红！”
“噢噢噢，楼上大佬牛叉！”
王叶上论坛看到这里就没再看下去。
有时候就是这样，真相就放在你面前，但你还是会按照另外一种意思理解。
这就是所谓的自我保护意识。
当然这也跟这些年大家看到听到的奇葩事情太多，各种宣传手段更是匪夷所思，有些人为了出名更是能干出不可思议的事情，还有各种破除迷信的普及教育……
如此，人们看到某些古怪的事，下意识就会去想某些更合理的解释。
就比如现代如果有人看到一个绿身子大脑袋的外星人走在大马路上，恐怕比起围观，更多人还会寻找他身边有没有广告牌之类。
地铁中有死神打扮的人就站在你身边，你也顶多看一眼，心想这个cos如何如何，而不会真的去想这就是死神。
同理，几位师父出现在钟山市，虽然一定程度引起了风浪，但玩家们自会找出各种解释。而且只要他们消失得够快，这点风浪也会很快平息下去。
“师父们，变个样子吧？有人不会变身魔法吗？如果不会，我可以提供变身药剂？”
王叶把电脑就那么开着，《极度危险》游戏论坛等字样就敞开在那里。
王叶没打算特意说游戏的事，但如果师父们自己发现，那就再说。
而目前为止，师父们还没有发现这个游戏，他们不知道网络游戏的存在，脑中就没有这个概念，自然也不会特意去查找游戏相关。
他们上网查的大多是历史和文明发展，以及风俗人情等等。顶多搜一搜有没有魔法相关，结果出来一堆电影和小说……
几位师父闻言也没多想，兰道还开玩笑道：“应该不是我的脸造成的问题，肯定是闻笛，他动手脚，让路人无法把我们的影像留下，就给人发现不对劲了。”
王叶点头：“就是如此。不过大家还没有想到是魔法，我们这里没有魔法，大家只以为是某种新型便携干扰器。但为了避免以后被围观，和闹出更大的乱子，大家还是变个样子吧。”
“他们为什么拍我们？”闻笛皱眉，很是不解。
“因为你们好看啊。”王沐脱口而出，说完又有点不好意思。
几位师父一起看向兰道。
兰道不背这个锅：“你们不要这么自卑好吗，你们可以对你们的外貌更有自信一些。”
闻笛：“不能跟你比。”
兰道斜了闻笛一眼。
闻笛给他斟茶。
王叶看看闻笛师父，又看看兰道师父，嘿嘿笑。
虫老一巴掌抽在他后脑勺上。
王叶捂头，抱着花盆到一边自闭去了。
变个样子对几位师父不是难事，而且他们还可以戴帽子、口罩和墨镜。
身份证明可以用魔法解决，这两天在钟山市游玩，遇到需要身份证的地方，几位师父就用魔法蒙蔽人眼。遇到机器的时候麻烦一点，不过也可以使用隐身术进入他们想去的地方。
王叶忽然又想到一个问题，那就是到处都有的监控设施。
如果有人去查找整个城市的监控，会不会找到几位师父一会儿出现一会儿隐身的片段？
闻笛听说了王叶的担心，拿出自己的魔武，口念咒语，画了一个圆圈，又做了个抹消的动作。
“好了，我们的所有影像都会从你说的手机、监控器材以及电脑中消失。”
王叶对闻笛师父竖起大拇指，但过了一会儿他眼皮一跳，立刻转身打开电脑，搜索闻笛和兰道的名字，然后……
所有搜索出来的电脑页面，凡是刊登有兰道和闻笛师父游戏照片的图像文档全都变成了一个X。
“……”王叶额头冒出冷汗，他们这是又创造了一个神秘事件？
不管了！
天知道他如果再试图弥补，几位师父的魔法能搞出多大的乱子来。
就当是游戏公司的宣传狗策划又搞出新的吸引人眼球的把戏好了，反正游戏系统也不能出来解释说明……
问题解决完毕，咳！
王叶现在特别想要回去学堂，但现在反而是师父们玩出了兴致，想要继续游玩下去，而且师父们通过这两天游览整个钟山市，确定了一件事。
Wang Ye especially wanted to go back to the academy now, but now the masters were interested in playing and wanted to continue playing, and the masters had determined one thing by visiting the entire Zhongshan City in the past two days.
那就是地球真的有魔力，只不过很微弱，几乎察觉不出。
That is, the earth really has magic, but it is so faint that it is almost imperceptible.
但有些地方的魔力会稍微浓郁一些。
几位师父想要再去远一些的地方看看，最好是人迹罕至的地方。
Several masters wanted to go further afield, preferably off the beaten track.
“需要买飞机票吗？”虫老颇有兴致地问。 "Do I need to buy a plane ticket?" The worm elder asked with interest.
其他几位师父对飞机也很有兴趣。 Several other masters were also interested in airplanes.
“飞机别想了，你们没有身份证，没有办法乘坐飞机。”王叶黑着脸道。
兰道：“我正在想办法解决身份证的问题，比如复制别人的真身份证，在人眼核验照片时就用魔法暗示。就是遇到机械审核有点麻烦，那时可以考虑使用隐身术进入。”
闻笛：“可以直接用魔法在他们的人口系统中加入我们的信息，然后我们去补办身份证。”
兰道眼睛一亮：“这个方法好，可以办到吗？” Landau's eyes lit up: "This method is good, can it be done?" ”
闻笛沉吟：“我需要研究一下这边的电脑系统，还有网络侵入要怎么侵入。”
Wen Di muttered: "I need to study the computer system here, and how to invade the network." ”
疯药王提议：“不用这么麻烦，我们晚上直接进入他们的行政管理中心，打开电脑把我们的信息输入进去就行，可以带上金宝，他对电脑比较懂。”
The Mad Medicine King proposed: "Don't be so troublesome, let's go directly to their administrative center at night, just turn on the computer and enter our information into it, you can bring Jinbao, he knows more about computers." ”
金宝：“我懂叽，去派出所，看我的~！” Jinbao: "I understand, go to the police station and see my ~!" ”
王叶一掌按下兴奋的金宝，头大道：“师父啊，求不要这么玩，会出事的。”
Wang Ye pressed the excited Jinbao with a palm, and said to the head: "Master, please don't play like this, something will happen." ”
“要么你单独买机票，我们跟着你，进了飞机以后，我们隐身出来。”闻笛道。
"Either you buy the ticket alone, we follow you, and after we get on the plane, we come out incognito." Wen Di said.
王叶深吸气：“不行，如果被察觉……” Wang Ye took a deep breath: "No, if you are detected......"
“你以为我们是你吗？”闻笛不容王叶抗议，“就这么定了。你马上买机票，就去西伯荒野好了。”
"Do you think we're you?" Wen Di did not allow Wang Ye to protest, "It's decided." You buy a ticket right away, and you can go to the Siber Wilderness. ”
王叶：“……您竟然连西伯荒野都知道了。” Wang Ye: "...... You even know about the Celestial Wilderness. ”
“我上网查了哪里人最少，又距离我们这儿最近，网上给出的就是西伯荒野。再远就是北极和南极。西伯荒野那里占地广，还是外国，人又少，闹出事来，也不用担心给你惹麻烦。”闻笛慢条斯理地说道。
"I went online to find out where there were the least people, and where it was closest to us, and what I gave on the Internet was the Xibo Wilderness. Further afield are the North and South Poles. The Xiber Wilderness covers a vast area, and it is still foreign, and there are few people, so if something happens, you don't have to worry about getting into trouble. Wen Di said slowly.
王叶死鱼眼：“谢谢您还知道不给我惹麻烦。” Wang Ye dead fish eyes: "Thank you for knowing not to cause trouble for me." ”
王叶很想使用自己的空间之力，带大家直接瞬移过去，但因为他没去过西伯荒野，很难准确定位，而且师父们非常期待坐飞机，王叶无奈，只能上网买飞机票。
Wang Ye wanted to use his spatial power to take everyone to teleport over directly, but because he had never been to the Xibo Wilderness, it was difficult to locate accurately, and the masters were very much looking forward to taking the plane, so Wang Ye had no choice but to buy plane tickets online.
没护照，不可能直接买到邻国，只能先买到边界城市，然后再想办法过去。
Without a passport, it is impossible to buy directly from neighboring countries, so you can only buy border cities first, and then find a way to get there.
闻笛说要出门转转，一家老小，除了小云和小光，全都跟上去了。
Wen Di said that he was going to go out for a walk, and the family, except for Xiaoyun and Xiaoguang, all followed.
“你们一定不能露了踪迹，没有把握的事也不要做，不要小瞧我们这边的科技手段。”王叶警告。
"You must not show your traces, don't do things that you are not sure of, and don't underestimate the scientific and technological means on our side." Wang Ye warned.
闻笛点头：“放心，我们会小心。” Wen Di nodded: "Don't worry, we will be careful." ”
王叶一点都不放心。 Wang Ye was not at ease at all.
王沐看到几位师父离开，来到王叶身边，想说什么。 Wang Mu saw several masters leave and came to Wang Ye's side, wanting to say something.
“姑，这次你就不用跟过去了。西伯荒野那个鬼地方能冻死人，你还是普通体质，去了会扛不住。我师父们肯定会往最危险最寒冷的地方跑。”王叶劝阻。
"Aunt, you don't have to follow me this time. That ghost place in the Xiber Wilderness can freeze people to death, you are still an ordinary physique, and you will not be able to bear it if you go. My masters will definitely run to the most dangerous and coldest places. Wang Ye dissuaded.
王沐也不想去西伯荒野，虽说王叶这几位师父都长得好，她愿意时时刻刻看着，但喜欢看，和喜欢和他们待在一起那是两码事。
Wang Mu didn't want to go to the Xibo Wilderness, although Wang Ye and these masters were all good-looking, and she was willing to watch them all the time, but liking to watch them and liking to stay with them were two different things.
王沐能明显感觉出来，王叶的几位师父和她还是有一定距离感的，就像和她是两个世界的人，他们尊重她，只是因为她是王叶的姑姑。
Wang Mu could clearly feel that Wang Ye's masters still had a certain sense of distance from her, just like people from two worlds with her, and they respected her just because she was Wang Ye's aunt.
她不能假装不知道这点，而非要和这些一看就是非凡者的大佬们凑在一起。都没有共同话题，更没有类似的三观，凑在一起干嘛？
She couldn't pretend she didn't know that, instead of hanging out with these bigwigs who looked like they were extraordinary. There is no common topic, let alone similar three views, why are you together?
她自己不舒服，那几位也不会舒畅，还不如保持远观就好。
She herself is uncomfortable, and those few people will not be comfortable, so it is better to keep a distant view.
“你和你师父们万事小心。”王沐摸了摸侄子的头毛，低头亲了亲他的额头。
"You and your masters are careful." Wang Mu touched his nephew's hair, lowered his head and kissed his forehead.
王叶有点愣，他姑这两年跟他很少这么亲昵了。 Wang Ye was a little stunned, his aunt had rarely been so intimate with him in the past two years.
王沐：我的亲亲侄子都被人拐走了，心酸。 Wang Mu: My own relatives and nephews have all been abducted, and I am sad.
王叶坐在椅子上抱住王沐，特响亮地说：“姑，我爱你，你是天底下最好的姑姑。”
Wang Ye sat on the chair and hugged Wang Mu, and said loudly: "Aunt, I love you, you are the best aunt in the world." ”
王沐鼻子一酸，敲了敲王叶的脑门，笑骂：“看来你师父们还有师兄弟们待你是真的好，换到以前，你可说不出这种话。”
Wang Mu's nose was sour, knocked on Wang Ye's head, and scolded with a smile: "It seems that your masters and brothers treat you really well, but before that, you couldn't say such things." ”
王叶露出有点傻的笑容。 Wang Ye smiled a little silly.
王沐看侄子能露出这样的笑脸，心酸的感觉没了，只感到了幸运。
Wang Mu saw that his nephew could show such a smiling face, and his sad feeling was gone, and he only felt lucky.
幸好小叶子遇到了他的师父，幸好小叶子的师父看中了小叶子，还带走了他。
Fortunately, Xiao Yezi met his master, and fortunately, Xiao Yezi's master took a fancy to Xiao Yezi and took him away.
老天爷啊，我愿意用我剩余的全部寿命交换我侄子未来的幸福，请一定要让他继续幸福下去，不要让任何人来打扰他的幸福，不管是他的父亲还是母亲，或是任何人！
God, I am willing to exchange all my remaining life for my nephew's future happiness, please be sure to keep him happy, and let no one disturb his happiness, whether it be his father or mother, or anyone!
王沐又和王叶聊了一些私事，王叶问到老王的情况，王沐就还是那句话：“老王的事你别管，续费什么都有我，我现在也不差钱。那老畜生身体也好得很，人疗养院给他照顾得很周到。”
Wang Mu chatted with Wang Ye about some private matters again, Wang Ye asked about Lao Wang's situation, and Wang Mu still said the same sentence: "You don't care about Lao Wang's affairs, I have everything for renewal, and I'm not short of money now." The old brute was also in good health, and the sanatorium took good care of him. ”
王叶忽然问：“是不是有那个女人的消息？” Wang Ye suddenly asked, "Is there any news about that woman?" ”
王沐顿了下，看着侄子那双似乎知道一切的眼睛，抿了抿嘴唇，到底还是说道：“她找到原来的住址，一开始还偷偷摸摸的怕人知道，后来听说老王变成植物人，我和你拿了一笔房子尾款就搬走了，她就跑到派出所打听我们搬到了哪里。但因为我一直没去登记和转移我们的户籍地址，她就没打听到。后来这边装修好，我去那边派出所把户籍转到我们这边的新地址，那边的工作人员就跟我提了这事。”
Wang Mu paused, looked at his nephew's eyes that seemed to know everything, pursed his lips, and finally said: "She found her original address, and at first she was secretly afraid that people would know, but later I heard that Lao Wang became a vegetative person, and you and I took the balance of the house and moved away, so she went to the police station to ask where we moved." But because I haven't registered and transferred our registered address, she didn't find out. Later, after the renovation was completed, I went to the police station to transfer my household registration to our new address, and the staff there mentioned it to me. ”
王沐看向侄子，迟疑道：“你想见她吗？” Wang Mu looked at his nephew and hesitated, "Do you want to see her?" ”
王叶冷笑一声，摇头：“用不着。我已经过了需要妈的年龄。”
Wang Ye sneered and shook his head: "No need." I'm past the age where I need a mother. ”
王沐被逗笑，“你才多大？这就不需要母亲了？” Wang Mu was amused, "How old are you?" Don't need a mother? ”
“姑姑，你觉得我有了你，还需要一个妈吗？尤其这个妈还是等到我们度过了最艰难的时期，才突然冒出来？”
"Auntie, do you think I still need a mother when I have you? Especially this mom waited until we got through the most difficult period before she suddenly appeared? ”
王叶不冷不淡地道：“我对她没有恨意，但同样也没有任何感情。我不管她是因为什么要跑来找我们，但我想，彼此不见面才是最好的。等到她老了，该我负的赡养责任，我会负。但如果她将来过不下去，比如重度残疾，精神出问题，或者有其他导致她无法自立的情况，不用等到她六十岁，我也可以把她养起来。”
Wang Ye said coldly: "I have no hatred for her, but I also don't have any feelings. I don't care why she came to us, but I think it's best not to see each other. When she is old, I will take the responsibility of supporting her. But if she can't live in the future, such as severe disability, mental problems, or other circumstances that make her unable to stand on her own, I can raise her without waiting until she is 60 years old. ”
王沐摸摸侄子的头：“行，我知道了。我跟派出所的户籍警那边也打过招呼，没有得到我们的允许，他们不会随便把我们的新地址告诉别人，就算那人是你亲生母亲。但……”
Wang Mu touched his nephew's head: "Okay, I know." I also said hello to the household registration police at the police station, and without our permission, they will not just tell anyone our new address, even if it is your biological mother. But ......"
王沐已经不再把王叶当一个单纯的不懂事小孩看，就把可能会发生的情况说了：“户籍警也说了，如果那人向法院提出告诉，表示要见儿子，并愿意抚养你到十八岁，争取你的监护权，你恐怕还是要见她一见。而且在老王变成植物人，我又有精神病史的情况下，她只要工作稳定或者有良好经济条件，她就极有可能成为你的法律监护人。”
Wang Mu no longer regarded Wang Ye as a simple ignorant child, and said what might happen: "The household registration police also said that if that person files a complaint with the court, saying that he wants to see his son and is willing to raise you until he is eighteen years old and fight for your guardianship, I am afraid you still have to see her." And in the case that Lao Wang becomes a vegetative person and I have a history of mental illness, as long as she has a stable job or good economic conditions, she is very likely to become your legal guardian. ”
“嗯，没事。姑，你不用担心，不管她抱着什么心思，我都能解决。我不能，还有我师父们呢。”王叶给了他姑一个大大的笑脸。
"Well, it's fine. Aunt, you don't have to worry, no matter what she has in mind, I can solve it. I can't, and my masters. Wang Ye gave his aunt a big smile.
王沐一想那几位师父的神秘和能力，顿时什么担心和焦虑都没了。
Wang Mu thought about the mystery and ability of those masters, and suddenly all worries and anxieties disappeared.
雷木等王沐离开，才传音给王叶：“你有个好姑姑。” Lei Mu waited for Wang Mu to leave before he transmitted the message to Wang Ye: "You have a good aunt." ”
“那是。”王叶也这么觉得。 "That's it." Wang Ye also thinks so.
次日下午，王叶带着一家老小上了飞机…… In the afternoon of the next day, Wang Ye took his family on the plane......
是的，就是一家老小，不止几位师父，包括金宝和小光小云在内，他们一人给自己办了一张身份证，火热新鲜，昨晚刚刚录入并打印。就连大黑都有了一张狗证！
Yes, it is a family, more than a few masters, including Jinbao and Xiaoguang Xiaoyun, each of them got an ID card for themselves, which is hot and fresh, and it was just entered and printed last night. Even Da Hei has a dog license!
不要问他们是怎么办到的，王叶不想知道。 Don't ask them how they did it, Wang Ye doesn't want to know.
家庭地址就是王叶那套房子，一家老小的户口本都在一起，他们还给自己取了一个共同的姓氏。
The home address is Wang Ye's house, and the household registration books of the family are all together, and they also give themselves a common surname.
月余生、月元辉、月昆海、月闻笛、月兰道，以及月雷木、月金宝、月明光、月香云。
Yue Yusheng, Yue Yuanhui, Yue Kunhai, Yue Wendi, Yue Landao, as well as Yue Lei Mu, Yue Jinbao, Yue Mingguang, and Yue Xiangyun.
这些名字放在一起看，真的特别武侠风。 When these names are put together, they are really special martial arts style.
摔！重点是如果有人查系统，这一查简直就是一锅端，连名字都不带换一下，这是生怕别人发现不了游戏世界的NPC进入地球了吗？
Stumble! The point is that if someone checks the system, this check is simply a pot, and even the name is not changed, is this for fear that others will not find out that the NPCs in the game world have entered the earth?
幸好，他们还知道给自己脸部做一些微调。 Luckily, they also know how to fine-tune their faces.
月余生因为年龄最大，抢了一家之主的位子。靳蜘蛛和他并列第一代，算是他弟弟。第二代就虫老一个。第三代就是闻笛和兰道。下面一干小的就是第四代。
Yue Yusheng was the oldest and grabbed the position of the head of the family. Jin Spider is the first generation with him, and he is his younger brother. The second generation is the old one. The third generation is Wendi and Landau. The next one is the fourth generation.
王叶都搞不清楚几个小的连人形都没有，要身份证号码干嘛？
Wang Ye couldn't figure out how many small ones didn't even have human shapes, so why did they need ID numbers?
结果金宝振振有词地跟他说有身份证号可以上网、玩游戏、看电影、下载、购物……可以做很多事情，没有就不行。
As a result, Jinbao told him that he had an ID number to surf the Internet, play games, watch movies, download, and shop...... There are many things that can be done, and if you don't have it, you can't.
金宝还让王叶往他新办的支付宝账户里打钱，表示地球小孩都有零花钱，他们也要有。
Jinbao also asked Wang Ye to send money to his new Alipay account, saying that the children of the earth have pocket money, and they should have it too.
王叶：“……” Wang Ye: "......"
雷木发话：“给他们打一些吧，另外给师父们也记得开好账户，里面多打点钱，说不定他们也有想买的东西。你不会想要看到他们用魔法直接把东西弄到手中，再给对方留几十枚金币吧？”
Lei Mu spoke: "Give them some, and remember to open an account for the masters, and put more money in it, maybe they also have something they want to buy." You don't want to see them use their magic to get things directly into their hands and leave them a few dozen gold coins, do you? ”
王叶火速去给师父们开账户了，连同几个小的一起，他给雷木也开了一个。
Wang Ye hurriedly went to open an account for the masters, and together with a few small ones, he also opened one for Lei Mu.
既然账户都开了，王叶又给几位师父买了手机。雷木那个，则暂时给金宝他们用了。
Now that the accounts have been opened, Wang Ye bought mobile phones for several masters. Lei Mu's one was temporarily given to Jinbao for them.
最后上飞机的一共有四人，王叶和三位师父。 In the end, there were four people on the plane, Wang Ye and three masters.
其他人都待在了虫巢里。 Everyone else stayed in the nest.
王叶原本买的是经济舱，但早上三位师父买票时已经没有经济舱票，他们就买了商务舱的，王叶只好跟着升级为商务舱。
Wang Ye originally bought economy class, but when the three masters bought the tickets in the morning, there were no economy class tickets, so they bought business class, and Wang Ye had to upgrade to business class.
第328章 项链 Chapter 328: Necklace
兰道摘下墨镜的时候，坐在过道对面的青年看直了眼。 When Landau took off his sunglasses, the young man sitting across the aisle looked straight.
这个人真的好像《极度危险》游戏中的天下第一大美人兰道，不过头发颜色和眼眸颜色不同，另外发型也不一样，这位是短发，但看起来依然惊人的美。
This person really looks like the world's number one beauty in the "Extreme Danger" game, Landau, but the hair color and eye color are different, and the hairstyle is also different, this one has short hair, but it still looks amazingly beautiful.
这种美丽超乎性别，也不会让人去怀疑他的性别，那就是一种只要是人类都会欣赏的美丽。
This kind of beauty transcends gender, and it does not make people doubt his gender, that is, it is a beauty that any human being will appreciate.
兰道感到有人注视自己，侧头，冲着青年微微一笑。 Landau felt someone look at him, turned his head sideways, and smiled at the young man.
青年心脏怦怦直跳，只觉得自己就这么陷进去了，可他发誓他不是弯的啊。
The young man's heart was pounding, and he only felt that he had fallen into it, but he swore that he was not bent.
不不不，他没弯，他只是欣赏美而已。 No, no, no, he didn't bend, he just admired beauty.
可说真心话，如果是为了对面这个人，哪怕是弯了，好像也没什么不行。
To be honest, if it's for the person opposite, even if it's bent, it doesn't seem to be okay.
“喂，你怎么了，看什么发呆？”坐在他旁边的朋友顺着他的目光看过去，立刻低低发出一声气音。
"Hey, what's wrong with you, what are you looking at in a daze?" The friend sitting next to him followed his gaze and immediately let out a low breath sound.
“像吧？”青年喃喃道。 "Like, right?" The young man muttered.
“像什么？我靠，这世上怎么会有长成这样的人？”青年的朋友下意识调整了下自己的上衣。
"Like what? Damn, how can there be such a person in this world? The young friend's subconsciously adjusted his shirt.
“我忘了你没玩极度危险。”青年舔了舔嘴唇，想要鼓起勇气和对面搭话，但这时兰道早已转过头和旁边的人说话。
"I forgot you didn't play Extreme Danger." The young man licked his lips, trying to muster up the courage to talk to the other person, but by this time Landau had already turned his head to talk to the person next to him.
兰道身边坐的是闻笛，闻笛低声问兰道要不要换位置。 Sitting next to Landau was Wendi, who asked Landau in a low voice if he wanted to change his position.
兰道说他就喜欢过道。 Landau said he liked the aisles.
“这椅子坐起来很舒服，还有这个小屏幕和耳机都很有意思。”闻笛操纵着屏幕，迅速学习他接触到的新事物。
"The chair is very comfortable to sit on, and the little screen and headphones are very interesting." Wendi manipulates the screen, quickly learning new things he is exposed to.
兰道特别淡然，“就是空间小了点。” Landau was particularly indifferent, "It's just that the space is a little smaller." ”
“是啊，空间拓展方面不如我们的飞行魔器。”闻笛看向窗外，点评：“窗户也小，视觉效果一般。而且几乎没有任何保护措施，一旦高空遇到袭击或糟糕的天气，很容易出事。”
"yes, it's not as good as our flying magic weapon in terms of space expansion." Wen Di looked out the window and commented: "The window is also small, and the visual effect is average." And with almost no protection, it is easy to have an accident in the event of an attack or bad weather at high altitude. ”
王叶听着后面两位师父旁若无人的用双月星通用语交谈，忍不住转身趴到椅子上朝后偷看。
Wang Ye listened to the two masters behind him talking in the lingua franca of the Twin Moon Stars, and couldn't help but turn around and lean on the chair to peek back.
虫老翘着腿在翻看杂志，见王小叶不安生的模样，传音给他：“你小心把你闻笛师父惹火，他又给你增加功课。”
The old insect was flipping through the magazine with his legs crossed, and when he saw Wang Xiaoye's restless appearance, he sent a message to him: "You are careful to provoke your Wendi master, and he will give you more homework." ”
王叶火速坐好，然后同样传音给虫老抱怨：“老头，你有没有觉得闻笛师父越来越变态了？”严厉得变态。
Wang Ye quickly sat down, and then also sent a voice to the insect elder to complain: "Old man, do you think that Master Wendi is becoming more and more perverted?" "Stern perverted.
虫老翻看杂志的手指顿了顿：“自从他转化那活尸病毒醒来后，确实跟以前有点不一样，像是经历了很多。而且……他对你更熟悉，也更在意。”
The old worm paused as he flipped through the magazine's fingers: "Since he woke up from the transformation of the living corpse virus, it is indeed a little different from before, as if he has experienced a lot." And...... He is more familiar with you and cares more. ”
王叶丝毫不奇怪两位师父看出闻笛师父的不同，实际上他觉得兰道师父和闻笛师父突然走近，很可能就是在观察对方，也在暗中防备，尤其是在发现闻笛师父对他异常严厉后。
Wang Ye was not surprised at all that the two masters saw the difference between Master Wendi, in fact, he felt that Master Landau and Master Wendi suddenly approached, most likely they were observing each other, and they were also secretly guarding against each other, especially after discovering that Master Wendi was unusually strict with him.
不过三年下来，两位师父似乎已经接受这样的闻笛，大约是发现闻笛师父对他虽然严厉，但也不是不顾他身体的一味高压，而是每次都恰好踩在他的耐受底线上，换言之，闻笛师父对他异常熟悉和了解。
However, in the past three years, the two masters seem to have accepted this kind of Wendi, probably because they found that although Wendi Master was strict with him, he did not blindly overpressure his body, but happened to step on the bottom line of his tolerance every time, in other words, Wendi Master was extremely familiar and understanding of him.
“是啊，太熟悉了就这点不好。”王叶嘀咕。 "yes, it's not good to be too familiar." Wang Ye muttered.
该说不愧是他师父吗？也许是有其徒必有其师，也可能就是闻笛影响了他，总之闻笛对自己身上的变化压根就没有掩饰的意思，除了没有明明白白说出他融合了上辈子的自己，他几乎在用一言一行告诉别人——他现在就是这样。
Should I say that I deserve to be his master? Maybe there is a disciple who must have a teacher, or maybe Wen Di influenced him, in short, Wen Di has no intention of hiding the changes in his body at all, except that he did not clearly say that he fused his previous life, he was almost telling others with his words and deeds - he is like this now.
虫老抬手揉了揉徒弟的脑袋。他和兰道，包括疯药王和靳蜘蛛，都发现王叶对这个闻笛也更熟悉和更亲近。小叶子虽然对闻笛抱怨不已，但对闻笛和他们布置的功课也从不打折扣。
The insect elder raised his hand and rubbed his apprentice's head. He and Lan Dao, including the Mad Medicine King and Jin Spider, both found that Wang Ye was also more familiar and closer to this Wendi. Although Xiao Yezi complained about Wen Di, he never discounted Wen Di and the homework they assigned.
“这世上神秘不可解的事情很多，有些人一觉醒来就变成另外一个人，却不是夺舍。你闻笛师父好歹还是原来那个他，只是……我们既然能接受不像个普通小孩的你，自然也能接受现在的闻笛。”
"There are many mysterious things in this world, and some people wake up and become another person, but they are not taking away. You Wen Di Master is still the same as him, it's just ...... Since we can accept you who don't look like an ordinary child, we can naturally accept the current Wendi. ”
王叶对虫老扮了个鬼脸，家里这些老的其实都是心里揣着明白在装糊涂。
Wang Ye grimaced at the old worm, and these old people in the family were actually pretending to be confused with understanding in their hearts.
虫老想到他进入第二关学堂前和校长时穿行的对话，时穿行提到小叶子是变数，学校那位占卜大佬都无法看到小叶子的未来。
Worm Lao thought of the conversation he had with the principal before entering the second level of the school, and Shi Chuanxing mentioned that Xiao Ye was a variable, and the school divination boss couldn't see Xiao Yezi's future.
而那位占卜大佬突然特别传信给时穿行，说她并不是特地为王叶占卜，但她做梦突然梦到王叶，早上醒来她已经完全不记得梦的内容，但她早上吃早饭时，却看到叶片碎了，还是被树枝砸碎的。
And the divination master suddenly sent a special message to Shi Chuanxing, saying that she was not specifically divining for Wang Ye, but she dreamed that she suddenly dreamed of Wang Ye, and when she woke up in the morning, she didn't remember the content of the dream at all, but when she ate breakfast in the morning, she saw that the leaves were broken, or they were smashed by branches.
那位占卜大佬说小叶子很可能会死在亲友或师长手上。因为他是变数，而命运不喜欢变数。命运能接受变数，却也一定会竭尽全力地抹消变数。
The fortune teller said that Xiao Yezi was likely to die at the hands of relatives, friends or teachers. Because he is variable, and fate does not like variables. Fate can accept variables, but it will also do its best to erase them.
虫老得知这个消息后，立刻和兰道放下手头所有事情，迅速赶往第二关。
After the insect elder learned the news, he immediately put down everything at hand with Lan Dao and quickly rushed to the second level.
之后他们就见到了和以前不太一样的闻笛。 After that, they saw a different kind of flute than before.
如果不是王叶愿意亲近并信任这个闻笛，他和兰道会更提防他。
If it weren't for Wang Ye's willingness to get close to and trust this Wendi, he and Landau would be even more wary of him.
兰道主动接近闻笛，闻笛似乎也察觉了什么，三年来，两人你进我退，看起来关系倒是比以前密切不少。
Landau took the initiative to approach Wen Di, Wen Di also seemed to notice something, in the past three years, the two of them have advanced and retreated, and it seems that the relationship is much closer than before.
虫老变得比以前沉默，他把自己放到观察者的位置，他能看出来，不管是现在的闻笛，还是虫巢中的任何存在，对小叶子都是真正的好，不可能伤害他。
The worm elder became more silent than before, he put himself in the position of an observer, and he could see that whether it was the current Wendi or any existence in the worm hive, it was really good for Xiao Yezi, and it was impossible to hurt him.
他们也见到了王叶的亲姑姑，那位女士对这个侄子也是掏心掏肺地好，更是把侄子当做了自己的精神支柱。这位也不像是会伤害王叶的。
They also met Wang Ye's own aunt, and the lady was also kind to this nephew, and regarded her nephew as her spiritual support. This one doesn't seem to hurt Wang Ye.
那么会杀死小叶子的亲友或师长到底是谁？ So who are the relatives, friends or teachers who will kill Xiao Yezi?
王叶总觉得虫老这两年看他的目光偶尔会有些古怪，就像是父母看即将参军打仗的儿女一样，对他充满了担心。
Wang Ye always felt that the insect elder had occasionally looked at him a little strangely in the past two years, just like his parents looked at their children who were about to join the army and fight, and they were full of worry about him.
也不知道是不是这份他不知道详情的担心，虫老对他都没有以前那么凶残了，有时他学习或锻炼得稍微狠一点，他还会出面阻止，似乎怕他练出事来。
I don't know if it's because he doesn't know the details of this worry, the worm is not as cruel to him as before, sometimes he studies or exercises a little harder, and he will come forward to stop it, as if he is afraid that something will happen to him.
可他旁敲侧击过，老头就是不说。他问多了，老头还会心烦揍他。
But he knocked on the side, and the old man just didn't say anything. If he asks too much, the old man will be upset and beat him.
“您、您是出门办公吗？”王叶听到过道对面传来一道有点颤抖、强做镇定的声音。
"Y-Are you going to work?" Wang Ye heard a slightly trembling and composing voice from the other side of the aisle.
青年终于鼓起勇气，在空姐送过一次餐饮后，赶紧和兰道搭话。
The young man finally mustered up the courage and hurriedly accosted Landau after the flight attendant delivered a meal.
兰道侧头，淡淡道：“旅游。”他已经能听懂和会说部分常用华夏语。
Landau tilted his head and said lightly: "Travel." He can already understand and speak some of the commonly used Chinese languages.
“旅游啊，旅游好。我和我的朋友也是去旅游，你们是去冰城玩？我们打算去墨河，到时候会从冰城转乘火车，我和我的朋友们组了一支探险队，也说不上探险队，就是大家一起去寻找宝藏。”
"Travel, good travel. My friends and I are also going on a tour, are you going to play in the ice city? We were going to go to Mohe, and when the time came, we would transfer from the ice city to the train, and my friends and I formed an expedition, not to mention an expedition, but everyone went together to find treasures. ”
“宝藏？”兰道捕捉到关键词。 "Treasure?" Landau captures the keyword.
青年已经完全侧过身，对兰道述说他和朋友们这次组队去墨河的详细。
The young man had turned completely sideways and told Landau the details of how he and his friends had teamed up to go to Mohe.
青年不是没有保密意识，但只看他旁边的朋友也加入话题，就知道他们压根就没把寻找宝藏的事当真，而只是当做一个噱头和名目，目的还是玩。
The young man was not without a sense of secrecy, but just by seeing the friends next to him joining the topic, he knew that they didn't take the search for the treasure seriously at all, but just regarded it as a gimmick and a name, and the purpose was still to play.
王叶也扭过头。 Wang Ye also turned his head.
因为两名青年有时说得比较复杂，兰道听不懂，就戳徒弟让他翻译。
Because the two young men sometimes spoke more complicated, Landau couldn't understand it, so he poked the apprentice and asked him to translate.
王叶顺势和这两名青年搭上话，很快就挖出更多信息。 Wang Ye took the opportunity to talk to the two young men, and soon dug up more information.
商务舱乘坐的人不多，除了这两名青年，就只有王叶四人。
There are not many people in business class, except for these two young people, there are only four Wang Ye.
所以他们调转椅子位置，开始说话开茶话会，也没人会嫌他们吵。
So they shifted their chairs and started talking and having a tea party, and no one would think they were noisy.
两名青年完全没有注意到，王叶四人说得极少，几乎都是他们在说话，而且他们都快把自己的老底都倒出来了。
The two young men didn't notice at all that Wang Ye and the four of them said very little, almost all of them were talking, and they were all about to pour out their old bottoms.
“这么说你们的最终目的地不是在墨河，而是要去西伯荒野那边？”王叶问。
"So your final destination is not in the Mo River, but on the other side of the Xiber Wilderness?" Wang Ye asked.
最先搭话的青年姚浩神秘兮兮地说：“我们会在墨河玩几天，等探险队的其他人。等所有人到齐，我们就会前往西伯荒野那边。”
Yao Hao, the young man who was the first to talk, said mysteriously: "We will play in Mohe for a few days and wait for the rest of the expedition." When everyone is here, we will go to the other side of the Siber Wilderness. ”
王叶不解：“墨河那边可以直接过江了？” Wang Ye was puzzled: "Can you cross the river directly over there?" ”
另一名青年葛杰插话道：“不，我们最终会到黑河那边的口岸。但探险队会在墨河集中，因为很多人都想去墨河玩玩。对了，你们带了护照吗？如果带了，可以跟我们一起去对面玩一玩。不说寻宝，西伯荒野的风景还是极为优美的，还可以打猎。”
Another young man, Ge Jie, interjected, "No, we will eventually reach the port on the other side of the Heihe River. But the expedition will concentrate in Mohe because many people want to go to Mohe to have fun. By the way, did you bring your passports? If you bring it, you can go to the opposite side with us to play. Not to mention treasure hunting, the scenery of the Xibo Wilderness is still extremely beautiful, and you can also hunt. ”
王叶在和这两名青年的交谈中，了解到他们那支所谓的寻宝探险队一共有二十三个人。
During his conversation with these two young men, Wang Ye learned that their so-called treasure hunting expedition team had a total of twenty-three people.
大家都是在网上报名，并不是所有人都认识。 Everyone signed up online, and not everyone knew each other.
组织者是一个比较有名的探险直播网红，他的团队据说非常有探险经验，而他的直播节目在近两年的同类节目中也很红。
The organizer is a well-known adventure live broadcast Internet celebrity, his team is said to be very experienced in adventure, and his live broadcast program is also very popular in similar programs in the past two years.
这位探险家还有过军伍经历，一身腱子肉和颇为英俊的面孔也是他的探险直播节目能火起来的重要原因。
This explorer also has military experience, and his tendons and handsome face are also important reasons why his adventure live show can become popular.
这位的探险也比较有特色，就是专门找一些宝藏、探秘的传说中地点进行探索。
This person's expedition is also more distinctive, that is, to find some treasures and explore legendary places to explore.
“你看，这就是那个探险家拿出来的藏宝图，不过他只公开了一半。”姚浩打开手机图册给他们看。
"You see, this is the treasure map that the explorer took out, but he only made it half public." Yao Hao opened the mobile phone album and showed them.
兰道接过去看了看，只看到一堆线条，就把手机又递给王叶。
Lan Dao took it and looked at it, only to see a bunch of lines, and handed the phone to Wang Ye again.
王叶接过手机时打算意思意思地惊叹两声，就打算结束这场对话，但是！
When Wang Ye took the phone, he was going to exclaim twice, and he was going to end this conversation, but!
王叶看着手机中只显示了一半的藏宝图，忽然觉得这些线条似乎有些眼熟。
Wang Ye looked at the treasure map that only half of the mobile phone was displayed, and suddenly felt that these lines seemed a little familiar.
这不是…… It's not ......
王叶调动脑海中的记忆进行快速搜索，很快就找到了类似图形。
Wang Ye mobilized the memories in his mind for a quick search, and soon found a similar figure.
王叶心下感到了一丝怪异，把手机还给姚浩，一边问道：“你们说那个探险家叫什么名字？他有没有说这张藏宝图是怎么得到的？”
Wang Ye felt a little strange in his heart, returned the phone to Yao Hao, and asked, "What did you say was the name of that explorer?" Did he say how he got this treasure map? ”
姚浩只以为小孩好奇，冲着大美人的面子，很耐心地说道：“团长叫鲁一丰，他的直播很有名，你在网上搜索就能搜到。至于这张藏宝图，他说了一个很有意思的故事。”
Yao Hao only thought that the child was curious, and said patiently in the face of the big beauty: "The head of the group is called Lu Yifeng, and his live broadcast is very famous, you can find it by searching on the Internet." As for this treasure map, he told a very interesting story. ”
姚浩想要引起兰道的兴趣，可他的朋友葛杰却不知他的心思，探过身对王叶道：“你可以搜索他近一期的直播，在最后他有介绍这张藏宝图的来历。另外这次的探险招募内容也有这张藏宝图的介绍，他的渣博中有。”
Yao Hao wanted to arouse Landau's interest, but his friend Ge Jie didn't know what he was thinking, so he leaned over and said to Wang Ye: "You can search for his recent live broadcast, and at the end he introduced the origin of this treasure map." In addition, the recruitment content of this expedition also has an introduction to this treasure map, which is in his scum blog. ”
王叶决定下了飞机就好好查一查。 Wang Ye decided to get off the plane and check it out.
姚浩给了好友一个白眼，挤出笑容对似乎失去兴趣的兰道说道：“你知道吗，这张藏宝图一开始藏在一条项链中。那条项链还上了拍卖会，而且最有意思的是，这条项链最后的拍买得主就是拍卖者的儿子和儿媳。这对夫妻似乎坚信项链中有秘密，他们家有一个从祖上流传下来的传说，但他们的老母亲不相信，还想把项链卖了换钱，那对小夫妻拿老糊涂的老母亲无可奈何，只能把自己家的东西高价拍下来。”
Yao Hao gave his friend a roll of his eyes, squeezed out a smile and said to Landau, who seemed to have lost interest: "Do you know, this treasure map was hidden in a necklace at first. The necklace was also auctioned, and the most interesting thing is that the final winner of this necklace was the auctioneer's son and daughter-in-law. The couple seemed to firmly believe that there was a secret in the necklace, and their family had a legend handed down from their ancestors, but their old mother didn't believe it and wanted to sell the necklace for money. ”
王叶：……呵！ Wang Ye: ...... Scold!
兰道其实已经对这个所谓的寻宝旅游不感兴趣，他只是礼貌地看向说话的姚浩。
Lan Dao was actually not interested in this so-called treasure hunt tour, he just looked politely at Yao Hao who was speaking.
但姚浩却振奋起来，说了更多，还说了项链得主的祖上传说。
But Yao Hao was uplifted, said more, and also said the ancestral legend of the necklace winner.
王叶：我怎么不知道那家人还有关于项链的祖上传说？真是会编啊。
Wang Ye: How did I not know that the family still has an ancestral legend about the necklace? It's really good at making it up.
虽然还没有看到那位探险家的直播内容，但王叶已经从两名青年的述说中推导出一个大致背景。
Although he hadn't seen the explorer's live broadcast yet, Wang Ye had already deduced a general background from the accounts of the two young men.
钱丽和她丈夫薛辉拿到项链，却失去老母亲的遗产后，九成因为不甘心，也为了多赚点钱，就谋划了一个很大胆的骗局。
Qian Li and her husband Xue Hui got the necklace, but after losing their old mother's inheritance, Jiucheng planned a very bold scam because they were unwilling and in order to make more money.
他们先编造出一个祖传故事，把项链中的内刻纹路砸实为藏宝图。
They first concocted an ancestral story and smashed the inner carvings in the necklace into a treasure map.
但因为地点不在国内……藏宝的时候那里还是国内。他们夫妻两人又没有探险和寻宝的经验，只能寻求这方面的专家帮助。
But because the location is not in the country...... At the time of the treasure hiding, it was still domestic. The couple had no experience in expeditions and treasure hunts, so they had to seek help from experts in this area.
而他们没有多少钱财雇佣专业者，就决定把藏宝图拿出来，组成一支寻宝队，想要加入的人需要交一笔费用给他们，算是入股。而他们保证藏宝图一定是真实的，如果能寻到任何藏宝，就大家平分。
And they didn't have much money to hire professionals, so they decided to take out the treasure map and form a treasure hunt team, and those who wanted to join needed to pay a fee to them, which was considered a shareholding. And they guarantee that the treasure map must be real, and if any treasure can be found, everyone will share it equally.
王叶看完因果卷上的描述，果然跟他推导的差不多，不禁想给那对夫妻鼓掌，这真是为了钱，什么主意都能想出来。
After reading the description on the cause and effect scroll, Wang Ye really had the same thing as he deduced, and he couldn't help but want to applaud the couple, this is really for money, and any idea can be come up.
不过这世上竟也就有这么巧的事，这支探险队刚组成，刚要出发，他和师父们就登上了前往冰城的飞机，并且也打算前往西伯荒野。
However, it was such a coincidence in this world that as soon as this expedition was formed and was about to set off, he and his masters boarded a plane to Ice City, and also planned to go to the Xiber Wilderness.
命运？ Destiny?
王叶撇嘴，这跟命运无关，只能说有些事情必然会发生，而他作为关联者，也必然会被牵扯进去。
Wang Ye pouted, this has nothing to do with fate, it can only be said that some things will inevitably happen, and he, as a relation, will inevitably be involved.
就算这次他没有回来地球，也没有在师父们的要求下出远门寻找魔力，只要他还想做那个项链任务，他迟早还是会碰到那对夫妻，或者与项链有关的事情。
Even if he didn't come back to Earth this time, and he didn't go out to look for magic at the request of his masters, as long as he still wanted to do that necklace mission, sooner or later he would still run into that couple, or something related to the necklace.
第329章 导游何连莲 Chapter 329: Tour Guide He Lianlian
飞机一路平安到达冰城，两名青年虽然很想邀请兰道几人同行，但闻笛只冷冷淡淡地看了他们一眼，两人就什么话都说不出来了。
The plane arrived at Bingcheng safely, and although the two young men wanted to invite Landau and a few people to accompany them, Wen Di only glanced at them coldly, and the two of them couldn't say anything.
姚浩原本还想交流一下手机号码，现在……他拉着葛杰就跑了。
Yao Hao originally wanted to exchange mobile phone numbers, but now he ...... He grabbed Gejie and ran away.
闻笛还完全没有意识是自己吓跑了那两名青年，还说那两青年在飞机上很是热情，一下飞机跑得比兔子还快。
Wen Di was completely unaware that he had scared the two young men away, and said that the two young men were very enthusiastic on the plane, and they ran faster than rabbits when they got off the plane.
王叶：“……”师父你是真心不知道你那眼神的威力。 Wang Ye: "......, Master, you really don't know the power of your eyes.
虫巢内，几个小的对寻宝探险很感兴趣，可惜师父们只想感知魔力的分布情况，便打算按照原计划一路向西伯荒野出行。
In the hive, a few small ones were very interested in treasure hunting expeditions, but unfortunately the masters only wanted to perceive the distribution of magic power, so they planned to travel all the way to the Xibo Wilderness according to the original plan.
难得出门一趟，王叶也抱着带大家旅游的心，加上都有身份证了嘛，几个小的也可以扮做宠物，就找了一个旅行社，包了一辆豪华大巴房车，又找了一名网评口碑还不错的导游，签了一周的雇佣合同。
It's rare to go out, Wang Ye also has the heart to take everyone to travel, plus they all have ID cards, and a few small ones can also be pretended to be pets, so they found a travel agency, chartered a luxury bus RV, and found a tour guide with a good reputation on the Internet, and signed an employment contract for a week.
这名导游将只负责带领他们游览冰城。 This guide will only be responsible for leading them around the Ice City.
几位师父都对王叶家乡城市的文化发展非常感兴趣，因为王叶说华夏很大，不同的城市都有不同的风情，而冰城是座很特殊的城市，几位师父就想在这座城市里好好转一转。
Several masters were very interested in the cultural development of Wang Ye's hometown city, because Wang Ye said that China is very big, different cities have different customs, and Bingcheng is a very special city, and several masters want to take a good turn in this city.
自己随便乱转，和有人带领并做详细介绍那肯定不一样。
It's definitely not the same as having someone lead you and give a detailed introduction.
王叶就精挑细选了一名解说工作很出色的导游。 Wang Ye carefully selected a tour guide who was very good at commentary.
这位网评口碑很不错的导游姓何，叫何连莲，女性，今年三十七，干导游却已经有二十年的经验，中专专业，毕业后就在当地找了个导游的工作。
This tour guide with a very good reputation on the Internet is surnamed He, called He Lianlian, female, Chinese New Year's Eve seven today, but has 20 years of experience as a tour guide, majoring in secondary school, and found a job as a tour guide in the local area after graduation.
像王叶四人，一看就是优质客户。队伍中没有柔弱的女孩，也没有体弱的老人，几乎都是青壮，唯一一个小少年看起来也十分健康矫健。虽然他们带着一只大黑狗，但那狗明显很通人性，小少年还养了一只罕见的金色小蜥蜴和一只灰蒙蒙的昆虫，不过这都不会给导游带来麻烦。
Like Wang Ye, the four of them are high-quality customers at a glance. There were no weak girls or frail old men in the group, almost all of them were young and strong, and the only young boy seemed to be very healthy and vigorous. Although they had a big black dog with them, the dog was obviously very human, and the boy also had a rare golden lizard and a gray insect, but this did not cause trouble for the guide.
最重要的是，这几个表现得不差钱的样子，不说他们给出的解说报酬就相当丰厚，如果他们在他们的推介下购买一些商品，那他们的提成也将会很可观，这就导致很多导游都很想接这个单子。
The most important thing is that these few are not bad at money, not to mention that the commentary remuneration they give is quite generous, if they buy some goods under their recommendation, then their commission will also be considerable, which leads to many tour guides are eager to take this list.
何连莲也想要这个单子。 He Lianlian also wanted this list.
何连莲需要钱，这段时间她家里出了一点麻烦事。 He Lianlian needed money, and there was a little trouble in her family during this time.
她那个才上高一的儿子玩游戏玩得脑残，还加入了一个帮会，这个帮会很诡异，叫什么神眷者阵营，在游戏中宣扬他们能帮助帮会人员觉醒异能。
Her son, who was just a freshman in high school, played games and joined a weird gang called the Divine Favor faction, where they advertised that they could help the gang members awaken their abilities.
加入这个帮会的人，有些人是觉得好玩，有些人就是无聊，但也有些傻子竟然坚信不疑地相信帮会高层的话，认为他们真的能在游戏中突破，在现实中获得异能。
Some of the people who join this gang think it's fun, some people just get bored, but there are also some fools who believe the words of the gang leaders and think that they can really break through in the game and gain abilities in reality.
这个帮会还推出了一种修炼方法，但他们把这个修炼方法分成了好几层，需要贡献值才能得到更上一层的。也就是说你想要觉醒异能，必须拿到全部的修炼功法。
The gang also introduced a cultivation method, but they divided this cultivation method into several layers, and they needed to contribute points to get a higher level. In other words, if you want to awaken the ability, you must get all the cultivation exercises.
而贡献值又要怎么获得呢？ And how do you get the contribution points?
首先是用现实货币进行兑换，其次就是做帮派任务。 The first is to exchange with real money, and the second is to do gang missions.
她儿子不好好学习，成天玩这个游戏，要不是他后来还是考入了冰城还算不错的一个高中，她真的会忍不住没收他的游戏头盔。
Her son doesn't study well and plays this game all day long, if he hadn't been admitted to a fairly good high school in Ice City, she really wouldn't be able to help but confiscate his game helmet.
她儿子花了两年多时间做帮会任务，还偷偷把他的零花钱都贡献了，终于拿到了全部修炼功法。
Her son spent more than two years doing gang tasks, and secretly contributed all his pocket money, and finally got all the cultivation exercises.
然后她那个傻儿子就真的按照那个功法修炼了，他不但自己修炼，他还忽悠了他两个表弟和一个堂妹一起跟着修炼。
Then her stupid son really cultivated according to that exercise, and not only did he cultivate by himself, but he also fooled his two cousins and a cousin into cultivating together.
最后他自己没事，也没修炼出异能，但他两个表弟和一个堂妹却都不同程度地出了问题，一个莫名其妙两耳失聪，一个半身不遂，女孩直接就变成了痴呆儿。
In the end, he was fine, and he didn't cultivate his abilities, but his two cousins and a cousin all had problems to varying degrees, one was inexplicably deaf in both ears, and the other was half-paralyzed, and the girl directly became demented.
出了这样的事情，两家亲戚怎么可能放过她儿子，当即就闹到家里来，让她儿子无论如何都要治疗好他们的孩子。
When such a thing happened, how could the two relatives let her son go, and immediately came to the house, asking her son to treat their children no matter what.
她问儿子怎么回事，她儿子也惊慌不已，完全不知所措。他说去问帮会的人，也没问出什么，只说别人都没有出现像他表弟和堂妹这样的问题。
She asked her son what was going on, and her son was also panicked and completely overwhelmed. He said that when he went to ask the gang people, he didn't ask anything, except that no one else had such a problem as his cousin and cousin.
那个帮会上层更是咬死是她儿子自己记错了修炼方法，或者就是理解错误，又不经允许随便传授给外人，才会惹得众神震怒，降祸给他表弟和堂妹。
The upper echelons of that gang even bit that it was her son who had misremembered the cultivation method, or who had misunderstood it, and taught it to outsiders without permission, so that the gods would be angry and bring disaster to his cousin and cousin.
她那个傻儿子认为自己闯祸了，也觉得对不起两个表弟和堂妹，玩割脉自杀，还好被及时发现救了回来，但人也完全没有了精神气。
Her stupid son thought that he was in trouble, and he also felt sorry for his two cousins and cousins, and committed suicide by cutting his pulse, but fortunately he was found and rescued in time, but he also lost his spirit at all.
四个孩子都需要治疗，尤其是亲戚家的三个孩子。经过老人们从中调停和协商，三个孩子的医疗费，何连莲答应承担一半。
All four children needed treatment, especially three from relatives. After mediation and negotiation among the elders, He Lianlian agreed to bear half of the medical expenses for the three children.
这让原本过得不错的何连莲一下就变得吃紧起来。 This made He Lianlian, who was originally doing well, suddenly become nervous.
旅行社老板知道何连莲的困难，也欣赏何连莲的专业能力，就向王叶一行推荐了何连莲。
The owner of the travel agency knew He Lianlian's difficulties and appreciated He Lianlian's professional ability, so he recommended He Lianlian to Wang Ye and his party.
王叶查过网评，觉得这位导游还行，就同意了让她做地陪。
Wang Ye checked the online comments and felt that the tour guide was okay, so he agreed to let her accompany her.
三位师父看到这位导游没一会儿，闻笛和虫老就先后看向这名女子。
Not long after the three masters saw the tour guide, Wen Di and Worm Lao looked at the woman one after another.
兰道用眼神问两人。 Landau asked the two with a look in his eyes.
虫老似乎不太确定，他伸出手，伸到一半又收回。 The worm elder didn't seem to be sure, he reached out his hand, reached halfway and then withdrew it.
倒是闻笛，主动跟何连莲握了握手，客气地说后面要麻烦她了。
Hearing the flute, he took the initiative to shake He Lianlian's hand, and politely said that he was going to trouble her later.
何连莲连声说不麻烦，让几位游客有什么事都可以找她。
He Lianlian said again and again that it was not troublesome, so that several tourists could find her for anything.
王叶脑中打出问号，看向兰道师父。 Wang Ye put a question mark in his mind and looked at Master Landau.
戴着口罩和墨镜的兰道师父揽住他的肩膀，传音：“我没看出来，但虫老和闻笛似乎看出了什么。”
Master Landau, who was wearing a mask and sunglasses, grabbed his shoulders and said, "I didn't see it, but Worm Lao and Wendi seemed to see something." ”
所以到底看出了什么？王叶又传音问两位师父，可虫老头和闻笛师父坏得很，竟然故意吊他的胃口，让他自己看。
So what exactly do you see? Wang Ye asked the two masters again, but the old man and Master Wendi were so bad that they deliberately hung his appetite and let him see it for himself.
王叶也找了个蹩脚理由，非要和人家导游握了握手。 Wang Ye also found a lame reason, so he had to shake hands with the tour guide.
但因果之力在导游身体内游走一遍，他还是什么都没发现。
But the power of cause and effect traveled through the guide's body, and he still didn't find anything.
这位导游身体不算太健康，有些妇科的小毛病，但都不严重。
This tour guide is not too healthy, and there are some minor gynecological problems, but they are not serious.
王叶也不好一直握着人家的手不放，只好带着一丝丝疑惑放开，决定后面注意观察。
Wang Ye didn't want to hold on to other people's hands all the time, so he had to let go with a hint of doubt and decided to pay attention to the observation later.
头几天游玩，一切都还算顺利。 The first few days of playing, everything went well.
何连莲发现这四名客人包括他们带着的宠物都特别喜欢吃，比起风景名胜，他们更喜欢美食。
He Lianlian found that the four guests, including their pets, were very fond of food, and they preferred food to scenic spots.
而比起山水风景，游客们不太喜欢的人文景观和建筑，他们却很喜欢去。
Compared with the landscape scenery, tourists do not like the cultural landscape and architecture, but they like to go.
尤其是博物馆一类，往往一进去就会待上一整天。 Especially in museums, you tend to stay all day as soon as you enter.
而且他们不挑是什么种类的博物馆，不管是历史文物、民俗、英雄纪念、战争纪念、军事纪念，他们都爱去，甚至是火车博物馆、纺织博物馆，这种几乎不会有人进去的地方，他们都会进去看很久。
And they don't pick what kind of museum, whether it is historical relics, folk customs, hero memorials, war memorials, military memorials, they love to go, even train museums, textile museums, this kind of place where almost no one will enter, they will go in to see it for a long time.
白天乘车到处玩，晚上就住宾馆。游客和导游和司机都相安无事，也都觉得对方省心。
During the day, I play around by car, and at night I stay in a hotel. Tourists, tour guides and drivers are all safe and sound, and they all feel that the other party is worry-free.
“冰城我们游览得差不多了，下一步我们就进入东金山岭。”王叶拿着手机，坐在车上照本宣科地把东金山岭的介绍给家里的老老小小念了一遍。
"We've almost visited the ice city, and the next step is to enter the Dongjin Mountain Ridge." Wang Ye took his mobile phone, sat in the car, and read the introduction of Dongjin Shanling to the old and young people at home according to the script.
“是个有很多传说的大森林。”兰道笑。 "It's a big forest with a lot of legends." Landau laughs.
“里面是不是还有很多人力无法到达的地方？”闻笛这几天也从导游口中了解到一点东金山岭中的传说。
"Is there a lot of places in there that can't be reached by manpower?" Wen Di also learned a little about the legend in Dongjin Mountain Ridge from the tour guide in the past few days.
“对，那里是真正的原始森林，有很多地方就是特种兵也不敢随便进入，普通人进去基本就出不来了。师父们，你们要进去看看吗？”王叶虽然用的是问句，但已经知道答案。
"Yes, there is a real primeval forest, and there are many places where even special forces dare not enter casually, and ordinary people basically can't get out when they go in. Masters, would you like to go in and have a look? Although Wang Ye used a question, he already knew the answer.
果然，闻笛道：“这里的魔力感觉会更明显一些，也许在那片大森林中会有更多发现。”
Sure enough, Wen Di said: "The magic here will feel more obvious, maybe there will be more to be found in that big forest." ”
王叶举手。 Wang Ye raised his hand.
“说。” "Say."
王叶好奇道：“为什么没有人迹的原始森林和偏远地区的魔力更明显？”
Wang Ye was curious: "Why is the magic of the primeval forest and remote areas more obvious without human beings?" ”
“问出这个问题，就表明你对能量解说这门课程还没有学到家。”闻笛立刻就给王叶加了功课。
"Asking this question shows that you haven't learned the lesson of energy interpretation yet." Wen Di immediately added homework to Wang Ye.
王叶……忍了，等着闻笛师父继续解说。 Wang Ye...... Endure it, and wait for Master Wendi to continue to explain.
还好闻笛没让他自己去看书，而是给予了回答：“任何物体都能产生能量，人也同样如此。城市范围内，人的数量因为非常多，产生的能量也会非常多，这其中还包括磅礴复杂的精神力。而人类只要活着，就会创造很多物品，这些物品也会散发能量，比如你们的电能。”
Fortunately, Wendi didn't let him read the book by himself, but replied: "Any object can produce energy, and so can people." Within the city limits, because the number of people is very large, the energy generated will also be very large, which also includes majestic and complex spiritual power. And as long as humans are alive, they will create many objects, and these items will also emit energy, such as your electricity. ”
“这些能量看似看不见，实际每时每刻都在向外散发能量。而这么庞大的能量很容易会把一些微弱的能量给压制和冲散，甚至中和掉。”
"These energies may seem invisible, but they are actually emitting energy all the time. And such a huge amount of energy can easily suppress and dissipate some weak energy, or even neutralize it. ”
啪，闻笛打了个响指，指尖冒出一缕火苗：“这缕火苗就像是地球的魔力。”
Bang, Wen Di snapped his fingers, and a wisp of fire came out of his fingertips: "This flame is like the magic of the earth." ”
闻笛再一晃手，半空出现瀑布的幻影：“这些就是城市中人类和相关物品散发出的能量。”
Wen Di waved his hand again, and a phantom of a waterfall appeared in mid-air: "These are the energy emitted by humans and related objects in the city. ”
闻笛把瀑布幻影对准火苗，瀑布倾泻而下，火苗瞬间熄灭：“如此，就算有魔力，你也很难感知到。”
Wen Di pointed the phantom of the waterfall at the flames, and the waterfall poured down, and the flames were extinguished instantly: "In this way, even if there is magic, it is difficult for you to perceive it." ”
“但是森林中有大量的树木和动物，它们不也在散发能量？”王叶索性打破砂锅问到底。
"But there are plenty of trees and animals in the forest, aren't they also emitting energy?" Wang Ye simply broke the casserole and asked to the end.
闻笛：“你真的想不通？” Wen Di: "You really can't figure it out?" ”
王叶耸肩：“好吧，我是想明白了一点，也许因为树木和动物的能量没有人类那么庞大，尤其是精神力，或者树木和动物的能量更接近自然，不至于冲灭魔力那株小火苗？”
Wang Ye shrugged: "Okay, I figured it out a little, maybe it's because the energy of trees and animals is not as huge as that of humans, especially the spiritual power, or the energy of trees and animals is closer to nature, so it won't extinguish the small flame of magic power?" ”
“不止如此。”闻笛耐心地给徒弟做演示：“不管是我们使用的魔力、还是你使用的某种特殊能量，或者是我们的精神力，以及你们这边使用的电能，其实都只是这个庞大宇宙中能量的一部分，或者说是能量的一种表现方式，而我们对能量的本身还不够了解。”
"It's more than that." Wen Di patiently demonstrated to his apprentice: "Whether it is the magic power we use, or the special energy you use, or our spiritual power, or the electrical energy you use here, it is actually only a part of the energy in this huge universe, or a manifestation of energy, and we don't know enough about energy itself. ”
王叶眼中出现一点点迷茫。 A little confusion appeared in Wang Ye's eyes.
兰道插话：“你闻笛师父的意思是说，能量会根据环境和表现方式而改变，你的家乡世界也许原本就有魔力，但因为没有人使用，就像地底下的深水，你没有挖掘，它永远都不会主动跑到你面前。偶尔会在荒郊野外露个头，但转而又会让转入地下。岩浆也是如此。”
Landau interjected: "What you mean by Master Wen Di is that energy will change according to the environment and the way it manifests, and your home world may have magic in the first place, but because no one uses it, it's like the deep water under the ground, if you don't dig it, it will never take the initiative to run in front of you." Occasionally, it will show its head in the wilderness, but in turn it will turn underground. The same goes for magma. ”
王叶终于听懂了：“师父们是说，城市中魔力稀少，是因为被压制了，甚至被有意识地‘掩埋’了。而人迹罕至的地方，魔力稍微多一些，是因为它们处在自由状态？”
Wang Ye finally understood: "The masters are saying that the scarcity of magic in the city is because it has been suppressed, and even consciously 'buried'. And in less accessible places, there is a little more magic because they are in a state of freedom? ”
闻笛总算给了王叶一个“你还算没有笨到家”的眼神。 Wen Di finally gave Wang Ye a look of "you are not stupid to home".
王叶又道：“而师父们认为我的家乡的魔力也许更充足，只是需要一些牵引，把魔力给引出来？”
Wang Ye said again: "And the masters think that the magic power of my hometown may be more sufficient, but they just need some traction to lure the magic out?" ”
“对。” "Yes."
王叶揉了揉眉心：“等等，牵引魔力的事能不能暂缓？我们这边已经习惯了科技文明，暂时还不想进入魔力文明……呃，虽然大家也许会很盼望，尤其是年轻人，但我觉得这种事最好还是能自然行进？”
Wang Ye rubbed his eyebrows: "Wait, can the matter of pulling magic power be postponed?" Our side is accustomed to technological civilization and does not want to enter the magical civilization for the time being...... Well, while you might be looking forward to it, especially young people, I think it's better to do it naturally? ”
“我们并无意改变地球的能量分布和构成，我们只是想要寻找你们这边的原始魔力，然后和双月星那边的魔力做个对比，看吸收了你们这边的魔力，我们会有什么变化。”闻笛沉声道。
"We don't intend to change the energy distribution and composition of the earth, we just want to find the primordial magic on your side, and then compare it with the magic on the Twin Moon Star side, and see what changes we will make after absorbing the magic power on your side." Wen Di said in a deep voice.
“那就好。”王叶大喘气，他有种预感，如果地球的魔力真的被牵引出来，到时候说不定有些人真的会因此出现异能。
"That's good." Wang Ye gasped, he had a hunch that if the magic of the earth was really pulled out, maybe some people would really have abilities because of it.
等等，也许《极度危险》就是这个打算，想借用游戏来提升人类的精神力，同时牵引出地球的魔力，让地球也变成一个充满魔力的世界？
Wait, maybe "Extreme Danger" is this plan, wanting to use the game to improve the spiritual power of human beings, and at the same time draw out the magic of the earth, so that the earth can also become a world full of magic?
而《极度危险》的创造者为什么会这么做？ And why did the creators of Extreme Danger do this?
王叶也不想阴谋论，但是这真的很像是双月星的智慧物种们在给自己找备胎，一旦双月星完蛋，双月星上的智慧生灵们就可以转入地球。
Wang Ye didn't want conspiracy theories either, but it really looked like the intelligent species of the Twin Moon Stars were looking for spare tires for themselves, and once the Twin Moon Stars were finished, the intelligent beings on the Twin Moon Stars could transfer to the earth.
因为地球也出现了魔力，双月星来客就不至于来了就变成弱者，他们甚至能凭借魔法和异能反客为主。
Because the earth also has magic, the visitors of the Twin Moon Stars will not become weak when they come, and they can even rely on magic and abilities to turn against the guests.
好吧，如果往好处想，也许是智慧寄生虫族太厉害了，创造《极度危险》游戏的存在，一方面希望地球玩家能帮助双月星解决寄生虫族的问题，至少能给双月星带来某些改变。一方面可能也是担心地球被寄生虫族入侵？
Well, if you think about it, maybe the intelligent parasite is too powerful, and the existence of creating the "Extreme Danger" game, on the one hand, hopes that Earth players can help the double moon star solve the problem of the parasite, at least bring some changes to the double moon star. On the one hand, it may also be worried that the earth will be invaded by parasites?
毕竟科技文明似乎完全无法阻挡寄生虫族，地球人的精神体对于寄生虫族来说就像是不设防的豪华宫殿，它们想进就能进。
After all, scientific and technological civilization seems to be completely unable to stop the parasites, and the spiritual bodies of the earthlings are like unguarded luxury palaces for the parasites, and they can enter if they want to.
所以游戏的创造者希望地球也能出现魔力，希望地球人也能提升精神力，从而对抗有可能到来的寄生虫族？
So the creator of the game hopes that the earth can also appear magic, and hopes that the earthlings can also improve their spiritual power, so as to fight against the parasites that may come?
王叶忽然皱眉，车外传来哭泣声，一开始还小声说着什么，到后来那哭声已经不可抑制。
Wang Ye frowned suddenly, and there was a cry outside the car, whispering something at first, but then the cry was irrepressible.
几位师父和几小也听到了，金宝蹿到窗户上，趴在窗户上往外看。
Several masters and a few children also heard it, and Jinbao jumped to the window and leaned on the window to look out.
“爸叽，是那个姨姨~” "Dad, it's that aunt~"
闻笛几个把精神力送出去一看就知道是怎么回事了。 Wen Di sent out a few spiritual powers, and at a glance, he knew what was going on.
王叶原本也不想偷听，但他们的耳力能让他们听清楚附近所有声音。
Wang Ye didn't want to eavesdrop on them originally, but their ear power allowed them to hear all the sounds in the vicinity clearly.
而他们的导游到后来情绪无法控制，声音也跟着变大起来。
Later, their tour guide couldn't control his emotions, and his voice became louder.
“似乎那导游的儿子和亲戚的孩子都出事了。叶子，如果你想帮助她，可以过去看看。”虫老一边看着一本医学杂志，一边说道。
"It seems that the tour guide's son and the relative's child have had an accident. Leaf, if you want to help her, you can go over and have a look. Worm Lao said as he looked at a medical magazine.
王叶从沙发上跳下来，突然凑近几位师父：“这个导游是不是有什么问题？包括她的孩子？”
Wang Ye jumped down from the sofa and suddenly approached several masters: "Is there something wrong with this tour guide?" Including her children? ”
“我们可没有看到她的孩子，不过这个导游的身体确实有点特别，你找机会去看看她的孩子。几个孩子一起出问题，还不是普通病症，你看看是怎么回事。”虫老还是没有给出答案。
"We didn't see her children, but this guide is a little bit special, and you have a chance to see her children. Several children have problems together, and it is not an ordinary illness, you see what is going on. "The worm still didn't give an answer.
王叶摸摸下巴，转头就去找那名导游。 Wang Ye touched his chin and turned his head to find the tour guide.
何连莲特别伤心，因为她那个傻儿子不相信自己修炼的功法有问题，竟然瞒着他们又开始偷偷修炼，今天他忽然在学校抽搐昏倒，学校叫来救护车，已经把人送到医院。
He Lianlian was very sad, because her stupid son didn't believe that there was a problem with his cultivation, so he started to practice secretly again without telling them, and today he suddenly had convulsions and fainted at school, and the school called an ambulance and sent people to the hospital.
而另外三个孩子也不同程度地出现了新的问题。 The other three children also had new problems to varying degrees.
双耳失聪的那个孩子突然捂着耳朵大声喊疼，耳朵里还流出了鲜血。
The child, who was deaf in both ears, suddenly covered his ears and cried out in pain, and blood was flowing from his ears.
半身不遂的那个孩子则跟她儿子一样抽搐不止。 The half-paralyzed child had the same convulsions as her son.
变成痴呆儿的女孩开始不停地流眼泪，怎么都停不下来。
The girl who had become a demented child began to cry incessantly, and she couldn't stop it.
家里打来电话，让她赶紧到医院一趟，她妈哭着喊那三个孩子的亲人正在和她丈夫撕打。
When the family called and told her to rush to the hospital, her mother cried and shouted that the relatives of the three children were beating her husband.
她丈夫就是一个文弱的办公室文员，手无缚鸡之力，被打得送到急救室抢救了。
Her husband was a weak office clerk who was so helpless that he was sent to the emergency room for rescue.
医院报警，警察来了，才把三家人拉开。 The hospital called the police, and the police came, only to pull the three families apart.
何连莲也哭得不行，她正要去找游客请假，就看四名游客中的小少年跳下车，似乎是要去服务区买什么东西，但在看到她后，就向她走了过来。
He Lianlian couldn't cry either, she was about to go to the tourists to ask for leave, when she saw the little boy among the four tourists jump out of the car, as if he was going to the service area to buy something, but after seeing her, he walked over to her.
何连莲连忙擦了擦眼泪和鼻涕。 He Lianlian hurriedly wiped her tears and snot.
王叶看着何连莲，用了一点点精神暗示，问道：“姐，出什么事了吗？可以跟我说说吗？如果是有人生病的话，我家里是学医的，我几位老师都是医学界大拿。”
Wang Ye looked at He Lianlian, used a little mental hint, and asked, "Sister, is something wrong?" Can you tell me about it? If someone is sick, my family is studying medicine, and several of my teachers are experts in the medical field. ”
何连莲心中难过无比，她明明不是那种会把自己的私人困难和陌生人说出的人，可也许是眼前少年的眼神非常让人有倾诉欲，也许是她已经到了某种临界点。
He Lianlian felt extremely sad in her heart, she was obviously not the kind of person who would tell her personal difficulties to strangers, but maybe the eyes of the young man in front of her were very appealing, maybe she had reached some kind of critical point.
一时忍不住，她就把自家傻儿子做的事全说了，包括另外三个孩子出现的奇特症状。
She couldn't help it for a while, so she told all the things that her stupid son had done, including the strange symptoms of the other three children.
“功法？” "Exercises?"
“对。” "Yes."
“你们没有跟医生说明这点吗？” "Didn't you explain this to the doctor?"
“我们说了，还让小榄把那个功法给医生看了，但医生说那就是糊弄人的，就算按照上面的方法修炼，也不会出什么问题，顶多坐着冥想时会睡着而已。”
"We said it, and asked Xiaolan to show the doctor that exercise, but the doctor said that it was to fool people, even if you practice according to the above method, there will be no problems, at most you will fall asleep when you sit and meditate."
“可以把那个功法给我看看吗？” "Can you show me that exercise?"
“可以，你等等，我存在手机里了。”何连莲也不知道自己为什么这么相信这名小少年，她把手机里存的功法调给王叶看。
"Okay, you wait, I've got it on my phone." He Lianlian didn't know why she believed in this little boy so much, she transferred the exercises stored in her mobile phone to Wang Ye to see.
王叶接过手机，就见那所谓的功法竟然是一个又一个图形。
Wang Ye took the mobile phone and saw that the so-called exercises turned out to be one graphic after another.
那些图形形成了一整幅看久了会让人眼睛疲累、心神也会疲累的抽象画。
Those shapes form a whole abstract painting that will tire the eyes and mind after looking at it for a long time.
配合这幅抽象画中的图形，还有详细的修炼方法。 With the graphics in this abstract painting, there is also a detailed cultivation method.
比如从第一个图形开始，看着这个图形，你脑中要想什么、呼吸要怎么做，还有手指要做什么动作等等。
For example, starting with the first figure, looking at this shape, what you want to think in your head, how to breathe, what to do with your fingers, and so on.
相当详细。 Quite detailed.
王叶胆大地按照第一个图形和那个修炼方法试了试。 Wang Ye Dan tried it according to the first pattern and that cultivation method.
这一试，他立刻停了下来。 At this attempt, he immediately stopped.
卧槽！竟然真的管用？ it! Does it really work?
车内，几位师父也一起用精神力看向外面。 Inside the car, several masters also looked outside with their spiritual power.
就在刚刚，他们感觉到了一股魔力波动，要比之前感觉到的都明显。
Just now, they felt a wave of magical power, more obvious than they had felt before.
“姐，这个功法能发给我一份吗？你发到我们的聊天群里就可以，我让我家人看看，我家人有人学习气功，也许能看出点什么。”王叶把手机还给何连莲。
"Sister, can you send me a copy of this exercise? You can post it in our chat group, and I'll let my family take a look, and someone in my family learns qigong, maybe they can see something. Wang Ye returned the phone to He Lianlian.
何连莲连声道可以，当即就把那功法转发到群里。 He Lianlian said yes, and immediately forwarded the exercise to the group.
王叶下载下来。 Wang Ye downloaded it.
车内几位师父也做了同样的事情。 Several masters in the car did the same.
何连莲又跟王叶道：“你也知道了，我儿子和我几个亲戚的孩子现在都在医院里，还有我丈夫也被打伤了，我得赶紧去医院一趟，真的很抱歉……”
He Lianlian said to Wang Ye again: "You also know, my son and the children of several of my relatives are now in the hospital, and my husband was also injured, I have to go to the hospital quickly, I'm really sorry......"
“别说抱歉，谁也不想出这种事。姐，你要去，还得另外打车，这里已经是郊外，天色又不早了，不如你和我们一起回去市区，我们先送你去医院？”
"Don't say sorry, no one wants this to happen. Sister, if you want to go, you have to take another taxi, this is already a suburb, and it's not early, why don't you go back to the city with us, and we will take you to the hospital first? ”
“这……” "This ......"
“不用推拒了，我家人也都会同意，上车吧，我们现在就走。”王叶不容何连莲拒绝，催促她上车。
"There's no need to refuse, my family will agree, get in the car, let's leave now." Wang Ye didn't allow He Lianlian to refuse, and urged her to get in the car.
又跟司机说了医院地址，让赶紧过去。 I told the driver the address of the hospital and told me to hurry over.
何连莲不住道谢。 He Lianlian couldn't help but thank her.
几位师父那边也发现了那个功法的问题，招手让王叶过来。
Several masters also found out about the problem with the exercise, and beckoned Wang Ye to come over.
王叶对何连莲再次使用精神暗示，让她稍微休息一会儿。
Wang Ye used a spiritual suggestion on He Lianlian again, asking her to rest for a while.
何连莲确实精神疲劳至极，但又过于亢奋，这会儿看了王叶的眼睛，她的精神终于能慢慢放松下来，坐在沙发上没一会儿就睡了过去。
He Lianlian was indeed extremely tired, but she was too excited, and now she looked at Wang Ye's eyes, her spirit was finally able to slowly relax, and she fell asleep after sitting on the sofa for a while.
王叶走到几位师父身边，皱起眉头问：“师父们，你们发现了吗？”
Wang Ye walked up to a few masters, frowned and asked, "Masters, have you found out?" ”
闻笛手指点了点手机屏幕：“这幅画我见过。” Wen Di tapped his finger on the phone screen: "I've seen this painting." ”
第330章 唤醒 Chapter 330: Awakening
王叶瞅瞅虫老和兰道，见他们都毫无头绪，大胆推测：“跟知识之城有关？”
Wang Ye glanced at Worm Lao and Landau, and saw that they were clueless, so he boldly speculated: "It has something to do with the City of Knowledge?" ”
闻笛笑了笑，“你还记得我离开双月魔法学校前去了哪里？”
Wen Di smiled, "Do you remember where I went before I left the Double Moon School of Magic?" ”
“记得，十万大山的千眼山，您在那儿找到了一个秘境。”
"Remember, Thousand Eyes Mountain of 100,000 Great Mountains, you found a secret realm there."
“没错，这幅图，我就在那个秘境里看见过，几乎一模一样，只除了这里和这里的不同。”闻笛点出不同的地方。
"That's right, this picture, I've seen it in that secret realm, it's almost identical, except for the difference between here and here." Listen to the flute and point out the difference.
可惜手机屏幕太小，无法看得详细。 It's a pity that the phone screen is too small to see in detail.
闻笛直接使用魔法复制了那幅图，搞了个立体投影。 Wen Di directly used magic to copy the picture and make a stereoscopic projection.
王叶感叹，不得不说魔法真的很方便。
如果问地球人愿不愿意学习魔法，并且真的能使用出来，大概至少一半以上的人会想学吧？
不图其他，至少很方便啊，落入绝境也比普通人有更高的求生可能。
“咦，放大了看，这些图形似乎很像各种动物的抽象画。”王叶更加仔细地去看这些图形。
"Hey, when you zoom in, these graphics look a lot like abstract paintings of various animals." Wang Ye looked at these figures more closely.
但当他仔细去看时，这些图形线条却变得模糊。 But when he looked closely, the graphic lines became blurred.
他离远了，随意看，则很容易看出哪些线条构成了什么动物。
He is far away, and if he looks at it casually, it is easy to see which lines constitute what animal.
但看久了，这些线条就又混合到一起，看得人头昏眼花。
But after looking at it for a long time, these lines are mixed together again, and it is dizzying to watch.
王叶眼前忽然一黑。 Wang Ye's eyes suddenly darkened.
虫老突然伸手遮住了他的眼睛，冷声道：“别看了，这图有问题。”
The worm elder suddenly stretched out his hand to cover his eyes, and said coldly: "Don't look at it, there is something wrong with this picture." ”
“只要不注视它、并用精神力看它，就没问题。”闻笛表示不用这么紧张，也没有收起这幅图，而是指着放大的抽象图说道：“在那个秘境，这幅图就刻画在墙上，它有个名字，叫唤醒。”
"As long as you don't look at it and look at it with mental power, it's fine." Wen Di said that he didn't need to be so nervous, and he didn't put away the picture, but pointed to the enlarged abstract picture and said: "In that secret realm, this picture is engraved on the wall, and it has a name, called awakening." ”
“唤醒？唤醒什么？”王叶扒开虫老的手掌，好奇地问。
"Wake up? Wake up to what? Wang Ye opened the palm of the old worm and asked curiously.
闻笛：“根据我的研究，应该是唤醒神眷者能力，如果对方身体里真的拥有这个能力的话。”
Wen Di: "According to my research, it should be the ability to awaken the gods, if the other party really has this ability in their bodies. ”
“嚯！这么说只要看着这幅图，再修炼这个功法，普通人就能变成超凡者？”王叶忍不住又看向那幅图，但这次他没敢仔细看，只大致瞄了瞄，就把目光挪开，他总觉得这幅图有点邪气。
"Wow! So as long as you look at this picture and practice this exercise, ordinary people can become transcendental? Wang Ye couldn't help but look at the picture again, but this time he didn't dare to look at it carefully, he only glanced at it roughly, and then looked away, he always felt that this picture was a bit evil.
“确实有这个可能，但这个功法有问题，根本就是瞎编乱凑。”闻笛皱了皱眉。
"It's really possible, but there's something wrong with this exercise, it's just a mess." Wen Di frowned.
虫老和兰道也看过那功法，都摇头。 Worm Elder and Lan Dao also saw the exercise, and they both shook their heads.
兰道说道：“如果看着这幅图，再按照那功法修炼，确实能引动周围的魔力，但这是我们的精神力和那幅图产生了共鸣，可因为方法不对，图也不完全正确，加上没有正确地导正能量，很容易引起觉醒事故。”
Lan Dao said: "If you look at this picture and then practice according to that exercise, it can indeed attract the surrounding magic power, but it is our spiritual power that resonates with that picture, but because the method is not right, the picture is not completely correct, and if you don't correctly guide positive energy, it is easy to cause an awakening accident." ”
“这么说导游亲戚的三个孩子出事都是因为觉醒事故？”
"So the three children of the tour guide's relatives had accidents because of the awakening accident?"
“十有八九。” "Nine times out of ten."
“嚯！”王叶第二次惊叹：“这么说来，那三个孩子不就都原本就具有觉醒异术的可能？包括导游的儿子？四个一起？”
"Wow!" Wang Ye exclaimed for the second time: "In this way, don't those three children all have the possibility of awakening magic?" Including the tour guide's son? Four together? ”
“如果真是如此，那这家的血脉一定很有意思。那四个我们没看到的孩子还不能确定，但我们的这个导游本身就已经在觉醒边缘。”虫老道。
"If that's the case, then the bloodline of this family must be interesting. The four children we didn't see are still certain, but our tour guide is already on the verge of awakening. "Worm old way.
“哎？！”王叶忍不住看向不远处在沙发上睡着的何连莲。
"Huh?!" Wang Ye couldn't help but look at He Lianlian, who was asleep on the sofa not far away.
“但有些人就算在觉醒边缘，如果缺乏足够刺激和必要的引导能量，她可能一辈子都会处于觉醒边缘，尤其在你们这边魔力很微弱的情况下，想要自动觉醒更加困难百倍。”闻笛道出残酷事实。
“而她之所以已经接近觉醒边缘，很可能是她原本就已经接近临界值，之后又多次观看这副错误的唤醒图，这就导致她已经到了觉醒边缘。但因为唤醒图是错误的，又不能真正唤醒她，但何连莲已经脚踩超凡者和普通人的那条分界线。现在不需要做多余的事情，只要给她一点点魔力，她就立刻能从普通人变成超凡者。”闻笛可惜道。
And the reason why she is close to the edge of awakening is probably that she was already close to the critical value, and then watched this wrong awakening chart many times, which caused her to be on the verge of awakening. But because the awakening diagram is wrong, and it can't really wake her up, but He Lianlian has stepped on the dividing line between the transcendent and the ordinary. There is no need to do anything superfluous now, just give her a little magic power, and she can instantly transform from an ordinary person into an extraordinary person. Wen Di said regretfully.
王叶在想，地球上，像何连莲这样的人会不会很多？ Wang Ye was thinking, on the earth, will there be many people like He Lianlian?
他们也许都能觉醒异能，但因为缺乏牵引他们觉醒的能量，他们就一直处在觉醒边缘，但永远都不会觉醒。
They may all be able to awaken, but because they lack the energy to pull them awaken, they're on the verge of awakening, but they'll never be awakened.
可随着《极度危险》这个游戏的拓展，会有越来越多的人进入游戏，当这些玩家的精神力逐步提高，他们中本身已经到觉醒边缘的人，会不会就此觉醒？
But with the expansion of the game "Extreme Danger", more and more people will enter the game, and when the mental power of these players gradually improves, will those of them who have reached the verge of awakening awaken?
他上辈子死的时候，全世界范围似乎是冒出了一些超人传说，但因为这类消息真真假假，很少有确实证据出现，就算有时候有那么一两个像是真的，帖子刚发出来就会消失。
When he died in his last life, there seemed to be some superhuman legends all over the world, but because such news was true or false, there was very little conclusive evidence, and even if there were sometimes one or two that seemed to be true, the post would disappear as soon as it was posted.
所以大多数人都不相信玩个游戏能玩出异能。 So most people don't believe that playing a game can make an ability.
那么在他上辈子还没有进入游戏的前十一年，是不是已经有人玩游戏玩出异常？
So in the first eleven years of his previous life, before he entered the game, did someone already play the game and play the abnormality?
王叶拼命回忆上辈子有没有关于冰城这边出现超人的新闻，似乎毫无印象。
Wang Ye desperately recalled whether there was any news about Superman in Bingcheng in his previous life, and he seemed to have no impression.
这有两个可能，一个是何连莲觉醒了异能，但被国家很快控制起来，消息就没有传开。
There are two possibilities for this, one is that He Lianlian awakened the ability, but it was quickly controlled by the state, and the news did not spread.
但更有可能，就是何连莲不但没有觉醒异能，很可能她的儿子和她亲戚的孩子都出事了。在医院没办法解决他们的怪病，只能根据表象来治疗时，这些孩子的情况很可能越来越糟糕。
But it is more likely that not only did He Lianlian not awaken the ability, but it is likely that her son and her relative's children had an accident. When the hospital has no way to solve their strange illness and can only treat them based on appearances, the condition of these children is likely to get worse and worse.
这就像一个已经通了电的电器，但电量不但过大，还没办法自己主动关机，这就导致机器本身一直处在被烧的状态，直到完全烧毁。
This is like an electrical appliance that has been energized, but not only is the power too large, but it can't be turned off by itself, which causes the machine itself to be burned until it is completely burned.
“师父，您去的那个秘境会不会被其他人知道了？以前有没有人闯进去过？”王叶问。
"Master, will the secret realm you went to be known to others? Has anyone broken into it before? Wang Ye asked.
闻笛摇头：“这我无法确定，但既然我能知道那个秘境的存在，就表示在很久以前，有人一定进入过这个秘境。”
Wen Di shook his head: "I can't be sure, but since I can know the existence of that secret realm, it means that someone must have entered this secret realm a long time ago." ”
“也就是说那幅图有可能在其他地方被流出去。”王叶在想，这幅图和修炼方法是谁传出来，目的又是什么？而且传还不传个正确的，非要弄个错误的。
"That means there's a chance that the picture could be leaked out somewhere else." Wang Ye was thinking, who came out with this picture and cultivation method, and what was the purpose? And if you don't pass it on correctly, you have to make a mistake.
如果真的只是一群傻叉或者一群只想骗钱财的骗子，搞出这张图和修炼方法，那么这事还比较好解决。就怕……
If it's really just a bunch of stupid forks or a bunch of scammers who just want to cheat money and come up with this picture and cultivation method, then this matter is relatively easy to solve. I'm afraid......
“老靳，你看看这幅图，有没有觉得有点眼熟。”虫巢中的疯药王忽然开口道。
"Lao Jin, look at this picture, do you feel a little familiar." The mad medicine king in the hive suddenly spoke.
靳蜘蛛正在忙着拆开收音机，闻言看向虫巢外面。 Jin Spider was busy disassembling the radio, and looked outside the hive when he heard the words.
“似乎是有点熟悉。想起来了，我记得巫街广场那个花里胡哨的地面似乎与这幅图上的图形有点接近。”靳蜘蛛来了兴致，干脆从虫巢中出来，仔细观看这幅图。
"It seems a little familiar. Come to think of it, I remember that the bells and whistles of the ground in Witch Street Square seemed to be a little close to the graphics on this picture. Jin Spider was interested, so he simply came out of the hive and looked at the picture carefully.
疯药王用右拳击左掌：“对，就是巫街广场那儿，我刚才总觉得有点眼熟，但就是想不起来。”
The Mad Medicine King slapped his left palm with his right fist: "Yes, it's Wujie Square, I always felt a little familiar just now, but I just can't remember it." ”
三位师父一起皱眉，他们现在最怕就是身边有什么事又和知识之城或者长生会那边有牵扯。
The three masters frowned together, what they were most afraid of now was that there was something around them that had something to do with the City of Knowledge or the Immortal Society.
可越怕什么就越来什么。 But the more you are afraid, the more you come.
“这也是没办法的事情，那可是知识之城，本来就汇总了天下最多最全的知识，我们在任何秘境里看到的东西，都有可能在那里出现。我们也没必要一发现有什么东西和生命之城有关，就想到是伯里和长生会的阴谋。”虫老道。
"This is also something that can't be helped, it is the city of knowledge, which has compiled the most and most complete knowledge in the world, and what we see in any secret realm may appear there. We don't need to think of Bury and the Immortals' conspiracy as soon as we find out that something has something to do with the City of Life. "Worm old way.
闻笛深吸气，对王叶道：“这手笔不像是十四魔镜弄出来的，手法太拙劣。如果是他们，他们只会一步步埋下钩子，直到你把钩子全部吞下，他们需要时才会起钩，否则你平时看着就和正常人一样。”
Wen Di took a deep breath and said to Wang Ye: "This technique is not like it was made by the Fourteen Demon Mirrors, the technique is too clumsy. If it's them, they'll just bury the hook step by step until you swallow it all, and they won't hook it when they need it, otherwise you'll look like a normal person. ”
“十四魔镜？”虫老和兰道一起看向闻笛。
闻笛却故意避开了这个问题，还警告两人：“以后除了我们彼此，哪怕是你们再信任的人，也不要对他们提起这个词。”
闻笛警告过后，就不欲多谈十四魔镜的事，而是继续对王叶道：“你去找那个导游的儿子详细了解一下，尤其他加入的那个帮会。”
王叶点头。
“另外，游戏是什么？”闻笛冷不丁问道。
兰道和虫老也一起看向王叶，他们在听到那位导游跟王叶说的话后，就一直感到一丝怪异，这个怪异就是“游戏”这个词。
似乎那位导游的儿子把进入双月星历练的事当成了一场游戏在玩。
就连虫巢中的疯药王和靳蜘蛛也看过来。
雷木的精神力一直与王叶相连，他感觉王叶这一刻的心情似乎有点复杂。
“游戏我知道叽~”金宝冒出来，表示他会玩游戏，他已经会玩好几个游戏了，他还准备玩目前最火的全息游戏《极度危险》，但他下单购买游戏头盔时，网页竟然跳出提示，表示他年龄太小，需要成年人才能购买游戏头盔和游戏仓。
金宝不觉得小叶子爸爸会同意他买一个游戏头盔，他正准备找几位大佬爷爷帮他下单。
王叶：“……这个游戏叫做极度危险，你们可以在手机上查一查相关内容。等你们看完，我再跟你们解释会更快一点。”
于是几位大佬就把金宝拎过来，让他上网搜索这个游戏的相关内容给他们看。
到了医院，王叶叫醒何连莲，表示他家人会和她一起去探望她的孩子。
何连莲虽然想要拒绝，但面对小少年的家人，她拒绝的话根本说不出口，而且也没时间磨蹭了，她急着看孩子和丈夫。
何连莲先找到已经被急救过的丈夫。
她丈夫叫张守德，是个看起来特别文弱的人，这会儿脑袋和手臂上裹着纱布，正坐在儿子病房门口等待妻子。
何连莲看到丈夫的模样，刚止住的眼泪又泉涌而出。
“他们怎么能打你？都是亲戚啊。而且小榄又不是故意的，以前小榄带着那几个孩子玩，他们还说小榄有哥哥的样子，现在那几个孩子出事，他们就将所有过错都推到小榄头上。我问过小榄，是那几个孩子看到他在看那张图，非要吵着闹着跟他学……呜呜。”何连莲捂住脸哭泣。
张守德站起身，低声安慰妻子。
何连莲大概顾忌到有外人在场，只哭了一会儿，就赶紧收声，又跟丈夫介绍王叶四人，说这是一个医生世家，是她带的游客，听说他们儿子的事，就想顺便来看看。
He Lianlian probably was afraid that there were outsiders present, so she only cried for a while, so she quickly stopped her voice, and introduced Wang Ye and the four to her husband, saying that this was a family of doctors, and she was a tourist with her, and when she heard about their son, she wanted to come and see by the way.
张守德只看闻笛三人，就认定这三人不是一般人，那气质一般人装都装不出来。
Zhang Shoude only looked at the three people who heard the flute, and decided that these three people were not ordinary people, and they couldn't pretend to have that temperament.
所以这三位虽然来得突兀，还带着一个小少年，但张守德还是对他们礼貌道谢，反正让他们看看儿子，对他们又没有什么损失。就是病房里还有其他三个孩子，和他们的家人，解释起来比较麻烦……
So although these three came abruptly and brought a little teenager, Zhang Shoude still thanked them politely, anyway, let them see their son, and there was no loss to them. It's that there are three other children in the ward, and their families, which is more difficult to explain......
“我们就先只看看你的儿子，看看是个什么情况。”王叶代替三位师父说道。
"Let's just look at your son and see what the situation is." Wang Ye said on behalf of the three masters.
“我儿子就在里面，不过我表哥和堂哥两家也在里面，如果等会儿闹起来，你们就赶紧出来，不用理睬他们。”张守德先打了防疫针。
"My son is inside, but my cousin and cousin are also inside, if there is a disturbance later, you can come out quickly and ignore them." Zhang Shoude was vaccinated first.
病房内躺着四个孩子，原本这几个孩子用不着住院，但今天的突发变故……听过这几个孩子家长的描述，太过古怪，医生决定收下他们留院观察，看到底是个怎么情况。
只可惜，到现在为止，医生们都没有查出病因，只能根据他们身体表面出现的病症状态进行治疗。
幸好，几个孩子的抽搐、流泪、耳朵疼痛这些状况已经停止。
而何连莲的儿子何军榄已经昏迷。
进入病房时，里面的大人看到何连莲夫妇俩进来，刚要过来围住他们，问他们怎么办，就看到何连莲夫妇俩身后又跟进来四人。
大约是这四人的气势太强，想要跟何连莲攀扯的两家人竟一时止步。
何连莲也不想跟他们说话，快步走到儿子病床前，满眼通红地看着昏迷不醒的儿子。
王叶走到何军榄身边，悄悄握住他的手。
因果之力在少年体内循环一圈，退出。王叶放开何军榄的手，对何军榄的身体情况已经基本有数。
虫老拿起病床前挂着的病历翻看，那样子特别有范。唬得另外两家人互看，也不好立刻开口逼问何连莲。
何连莲的婆母把儿媳拉到一边，低声问她，这几个气势不凡的人都是什么人？
何连莲就介绍说他们都是医生。
因为三人的五官轮廓都比较深，身高也高，何连莲的亲戚就自然而然把这三人当成是外国来国内游玩度假的医生。
何连莲婆母听说这几人原本是儿媳带的游客，因为听说他们家的事才会好心过来看看，忙带着期盼看向虫老三人。
其他人这会儿被虫老三人的气势镇住，也都惊疑不定地看他们观察何军榄。
闻笛伸手，手掌放到何军榄的额头上，过了一会儿又翻开少年的眼皮看了看。
虫老放下病历，很遗憾，他虽然已经自学了华夏语，但上面很多专业用词他还是看不太懂。
虫老也对何军榄，做了和闻笛同样的动作。
“如何？”闻笛看向虫老。
虫老沉吟片刻：“这个孩子的精神力很强大，可惜现在出了岔子，如果不能帮他疏导精神力，他大概会这么一直昏迷下去。”
闻笛和虫老判断一致：“这个孩子已经觉醒过，但他没有人正确带领，还因为那张错误的图和错误的修炼功法，导致他的精神力产生暴动，他的异术应该也和精神力有关。而且他今天应该二次精神力暴动过。”
王叶明白了：“这小子大概今天又尝试修炼了？”
“很有可能，他相当于自己把自己毁了。”闻笛说这句话时很冷漠。这种情况他见过不少，双月星也有很多觉醒时出问题，最后导致不但没有变成超凡者，反而把自己废掉的人。
兰道插话：“能治疗吗？”
虫老和闻笛没有立刻回答，而是看向王叶。
王叶也很头疼，不说消耗的问题，他应该是能够帮助何军榄疏导他的精神力，并用治疗术治好何军榄出问题的大脑神经，但治疗有两个方向，一个是顺势帮助何军榄觉醒，还有一个则是彻底毁掉对方的觉醒机会。
他该怎么做？
这可真是一件麻烦事。
其实，现在最好的方法就是跟何连莲表示遗憾，说明他们一家对何军榄的情况无能为力，让他们相信医生就好。
但这种情况真的不是普通医生能够解决，因为就算有医生能给何军榄治好他出问题的脑部神经，也没办法疏导和治疗他暴动后的精神海。
以后何军榄情况好的话，大概就是做一个别人眼中的神经病或痴傻者。情况不好，昏迷终生都有可能。
而且他和师父们治疗好何军榄，是不是也要治疗一下另外三个孩子？
这四个孩子突然痊愈，这里的医生会怎么看？他和师父们要怎么解释他们是怎么治疗好这几个孩子？
而且他和师父们虽然有身份证，可没有行医执照，不管是国内的还是国外的。到时候如果有人询问起来也是个麻烦事。
最主要的还是那个问题，他们要不要帮助这几个孩子包括何连莲觉醒他们的异能？
不帮，就是毁了这几个孩子和何连莲的未来，如果将来地球真的进入魔法文明和科技文明混合的时代。
帮了，那麻烦就是一串串的，就算用魔法混淆医生和何家人的记忆，可他们并不能确保把他们的所有痕迹全都抹除得干干净净。
啊啊啊，头疼！
就在这时，有医生和护士进来。
护士看到这么多人待在病房内，而且气氛很微妙的样子，当即警惕地说道：“不要太多人在这里，也不要吵闹，病人需要安静。现在医生要查房，除了家长，其他人先出去吧。”
三家人走出去一半，孩子的父母都留下了，等待医生的最新检查结果。
医生手里拿着几个孩子的最新检查报告，他也需要通告病人家属。
闻笛四人没有离开，加上四人真的太显眼，医生和护士就自然看向他们。
“你们是？”护士问。
何连莲正要介绍。
闻笛对医生点点头，礼貌道：“我和这位也是医生，原本到这里旅游，听到这位女士提到她儿子和她亲戚孩子的怪病，一时好奇就过来看看。”
医生心情微妙，同行啊。
虫老华夏语说得没有闻笛好，慢慢说了一句话：“能量造成脑神经受损，我们见过类似的病例。”
第331章 有师父可劲作
虫老这句话说得有点莫头莫脑，但因为他和闻笛对地球这边的医学术语还不了解，也没办法跟这边的医生详谈，于是……王小叶被提了过来。
为了提高自己的医术和炼药能力，王叶自己也磕了不少地球这边的医学知识。这些天虫老和闻笛看这边的医学杂志和论文，看不懂就会问他，他要是也不懂，可是会被两位师父鄙视的——自己家乡的专业知识都学不好，可不要鄙视他吗？
双月星的医药有双月星的好，但地球这边也有她的优秀之处。
取两家之长，甚至更多家之长，来丰富自己的知识，就是闻笛一开始告诉王叶的道。
有王叶做翻译，虫老、闻笛和主治医生竟然很顺利地聊了起来。
这位主治医师也是位能人，他是神经内科的副主任，姓茅。在其他医生对何军榄等四个孩子按表象治疗时，他却通过何军榄的口述，认为这四个孩子该放在一起治疗。
可惜一开始没有人听他的，这四个孩子也是按照病症分给了不同医生。
直到这次何军榄和其他三个同时再次出问题，小孩的家长们把孩子们送到医院急救，医院找来各位医师共同会诊，在其他医生都对孩子们病因百思不得其解时，茅副主任接手了这四个孩子，并把他们放到同一间病房进行观察。
明明四个孩子一开始都没有谁像是神经出了问题，但茅副主任却给他们做了脑部核磁共振，并发现了一点异样。
茅副主任和王叶越聊越惊讶。
王叶貌似是在做翻译，但照本宣科和自己肚里有货，翻译出来的内容也完全不一样。
何况王叶和茅副主任对话时，很多内容根本不是翻译，而是他自己的意见和看法。
“你学得很扎实啊，家学渊源？”茅副主任惊叹地笑道。
“我师父们教得好。”王叶指向三位师父，谦虚了一把。
茅副主任笑：“老外也收徒弟？”
王叶摇头：“他们不是老外。”
刚办的华夏身份证，还热乎乎的呢。
而且双月星的人族受白鹿国影响巨大，真要说起来，整个双月星的人族生活文化其实更偏向华夏风。
这也是他几位师父们来到华夏，融入特别快的原因，因为无论是菜饭口味，还是言语用词，都让他们有种熟悉感，就好像同根同源。
茅副主任很想问问虫老和闻笛在哪家医院工作，还有姓名之类，但给王叶三句两句就带偏了。
等到大半个小时过去，虫老和闻笛，包括王叶都把病房内四个病患的情况了解得清清楚楚。
茅副主任最后告诉王叶几人，他准备对四个孩子进行观察治疗，主要是还不清楚发病原因。
王叶心里一动，跟茅副主任说道：“我师父说他们看过类似的病例，也许您可以问问国内其他医院，看有没有收治类似的病人。就是因为玩游戏，修炼里面的功法，导致自身出现奇异病情的。或者是玩游戏后，突然昏迷不醒的病人。”
茅副主任抬起眼睑：“哦？其他地方也有？和极度危险这个游戏有关？”这位智商高，立刻就有所联想。
王叶只笑了笑，没明确回答。
茅副主任却散发思维，自言自语道：“全息游戏……这个跨度真的太大了，之前我们就在担心这个全息游戏对脑神经是否会有严重影响，但……”
“但是什么？”王叶偏头问，下了一点点精神暗示。
原本不打算说出内情的茅副主任把几人请到了病房一角，并让护士把家长都请了出去。
“我们不知道你们那边有没有相关消息。”茅副主任看向虫老三人，“据说在极度危险这个游戏刚发布前，有过一次内部测试，当时有很多科研工作者在场进行监测，并对使用者的身体进行检查，大约花了将近半年时间，才确定这个游戏的安全性，然后这个游戏才对外公开。而这个监测和检查，应该是全球各国同步进行。”
“总之，这个游戏公司的能力相当了得，它几乎获得了全球医学界一致认可，认为该游戏的安全度无限接近于百分之百，无法说是百分百，还因为是不确定玩这个游戏是否会有后遗症。”
“那么现在因为该游戏造成的病患多么？”王叶问。
茅副主任摇头：“目前为止，我们医院只有这四例，而且还不是因为游戏头盔和游戏仓造成，也不是在玩游戏途中出现问题，而是病患自己瞎琢磨造成。其他地方，还没有听说有相关消息。”
Deputy Director Mao shook his head: "So far, there are only four cases in our hospital, and they are not caused by game helmets and game warehouses, nor are they caused by problems during the game, but by the patients themselves." Elsewhere, I haven't heard anything about it. ”
茅副主任一顿：“我会找人问问。” Deputy Director Mao paused: "I'll find someone to ask." ”
茅副主任和王叶几人聊了聊，就半试探半开玩笑地询问虫老和闻笛愿不愿意和他共同会诊，一起治疗何军榄四人。
Deputy Director Mao chatted with Wang Ye and a few others, and asked Worm Lao and Wen Di half-tentatively and half-jokingly if they would like to consult with him and treat He Junlan and the four of them together.
茅副主任之所以对虫老和闻笛的医生身份毫不怀疑，也是因为这两位通过王叶表现出来的医学知识基础那是真的厚实，而且茅副主任本身在神经医学方面就是大拿，别人想用一点专业术语和似是而非的医学理念糊弄他根本不可能。
The reason why Deputy Director Mao has no doubts about the identities of the doctors of Worm Lao and Wen Di is also because the medical knowledge base shown by these two through Wang Ye is really thick, and Deputy Director Mao himself is a master in neuromedicine, and it is impossible for others to fool him with a little professional jargon and specious medical concepts.
当然，茅副主任也不是真的要虫老和闻笛和自己共同治疗自己的病人，身份底细都还没明确呢，这要出了问题，他可是要负全责的。
Of course, Deputy Director Mao didn't really want Worm Lao and Wendi to treat his patients with him, and the details of his identity were not yet clear, if something went wrong, he would be fully responsible.
他也就是探探这几人的底细而已。 He just probed the details of these people.
如果这几人真的有意想要帮忙，这时就会透露自己的身份，然后他们医院这边会先验证这几位的身份，明确了，再签署相关的文件，并且要知会病患家属，获得同意后，才可能让外来的医生插手治疗。
一般来说，外来的医生，不管是国外的，还是外地的，想帮忙的话，都是只给出一些建议，很少会真的接手病人，因为搞手续太麻烦。
有些医院甚至不能接受其他医院的医生来自己这里指手画脚，如果想治疗病人，可以，直接转院。
王叶问过师父们的意见，只道：“关于这几个病患的治疗方案，我师父们还要想一想，如果他们有好的想法，会跟您聊聊。”
“好的，十分欢迎。”茅副主任还跟王叶交换了微信号。
王叶确实要跟几位师父好好谈谈。
何连莲也没指望自己带的游客来探望一下儿子，就真的治疗好他，见这几位客人和儿子的主治医师聊得很好，也只是进一步肯定了这些人的医师身份。
当晚，王叶和几位师父回到宾馆套房。
疯药王和靳蜘蛛也从虫巢里出来，他们想要上网看电视，但虫巢里没有网线，只能出来看。
王叶正要说话，虫老抬手：“你等等，我们还没有把这个游戏的资料看完。”
王叶探头看去，就见师父们正在看目前游戏推出的唯一大型资料片……
几位师父大致看了看资料片，又在金宝的引领下进入游戏论坛。
王叶斜睨金宝：你小子可真能！ Wang Ye squinted at Jinbao: You kid is really capable!
金宝完全没有察觉小叶子爸爸充满杀意的目光，他还一惊一乍地跟几个大佬爷爷喊：“原来爸叽这边的人都是通过游戏头盔和游戏仓进入我们双月星哒？为什么爸叽不用？”
Jin Bao didn't notice Xiao Yezi's father's murderous gaze at all, and he was startled and shouted to a few bigwig grandfathers: "It turns out that the people here from Dad's side have entered our Double Moon Star through the game helmet and game warehouse?" Why doesn't Dad use it? ”
金宝现在说话特别顺溜，也不知是不是龙骨意识喂了他太多能量的缘故。
Jinbao is now speaking very smoothly, and I don't know if it is because the keel consciousness has fed him too much energy.
王叶：呵，金宝你能干啦，一上来就捅出两个关键问题。
Wang Ye: Heh, Jinbao, you can do it, as soon as you come up, you will poke out two key problems.
兰道转头看王叶。 Landau turned his head to look at Wang Ye.
王叶举起一本医学书挡住自己的脸。 Wang Ye held up a medical book to cover his face.
兰道被逗笑，揉揉他的脑瓜子，低声道：“不用担心，不管你是什么样、又是谁，都是我们的弟子。而且这事应该没有你想的那么严重。”
Lan Dao was amused, rubbed his brain, and said in a low voice: "Don't worry, no matter what you are or who you are, you are our disciple." And it's not as serious as you think. ”
真的咩？王叶瞬间复活，两眼炯炯有神地盯着几位师父。他还把装有雷木的花盆抱了出来，这可是重要的家庭会议，每个人都得出席。
Really? Wang Ye was instantly resurrected, staring at several masters with blazing eyes. He also took out the flower pot with the thunderwood in it, which was an important family meeting that everyone had to attend.
闻笛手指轻轻敲了敲自己的膝盖。 Wen Di's fingers tapped lightly on his knee.
虫老推开电脑，身体整个靠在沙发里。他容颜变年轻了，但他的心态还是老人的心态，他喜欢沙发。
The worm pushed the computer away and leaned his whole body on the sofa. His face has become younger, but his mentality is still that of an old man, and he likes the sofa.
疯药王指使靳蜘蛛搜索电影给他看，这位只大概了解了下极度危险这个游戏是怎么回事，就丢开不管了，一副天塌下来都跟他这个死人没关系的模样。
The Mad Medicine King instructed Jin Spider to search for a movie to show him, and this person only roughly understood what the game of extreme danger was about, so he left it alone, looking like the sky fell and it had nothing to do with him, a dead man.
靳蜘蛛正在和小云小光大黑他们看电脑上播放出来的地球模样和整个太阳系，乃至银河系，和整个宇宙。
Jin Spider is looking at the appearance of the earth and the entire solar system, even the Milky Way, and the entire universe played on the computer.
几个小的不时发出哇哦叽咿汪的惊叹声。 A few small ones let out a whoa-oh babbling exclamation from time to time.
“我们双月星在哪里？”小云好奇地点击图像。 "Where are our twin moons?" Xiaoyun clicked on the image curiously.
靳蜘蛛摇头：“不知道，这里的星体和我们双月星不一样，我们双月星和小叶子家乡的距离应该非常遥远，按照地球的话说，就是不在同一个星系。”
Jin Spider shook his head: "I don't know, the stars here are different from our Twin Moon Stars, the distance between our Twin Moon Stars and Xiao Yezi's hometown should be very far away, according to the words of the Earth, they are not in the same galaxy." ”
“说不定就不是同一个位面叽~”金宝卖弄地道。 "Maybe it's not the same plane~" Jinbao said authentically.
几个小的叽叽喳喳讨论成一团，可能因为年龄小的缘故，他们的思想也特别柔软，对这种匪夷所思的事情接受起来非常快。
就连疯药王都被几个小崽崽的话题吸引，和他们讨论什么是多元宇宙和平行空间去了。
王叶听他们讨论的内容，特别想抱头。只能说魔法师们的脑洞真的是超级大，接受能力也是超强。
靳蜘蛛搞炼金的，他对这个游戏和双月星的关系最好奇，第一个开口问王叶：“对于蓝星群岛，也就是你们地球人来说，我们双月星只是一个虚幻世界？就像真实幻境？”
王叶放下书本，老实回答：“是这样。”
“这个游戏是谁制作出来？”靳蜘蛛又问，他已经下单游戏头盔和游戏仓，打算买回来后好好研究一下，这两个东西是怎么弄出来的。
"Who made this game?" Jin Spider asked again, he had already placed an order for a game helmet and a game warehouse, and planned to study it carefully after buying it, how did these two things come out.
“我不知道，全地球人大概都不知道。也许政府高层有那么点消息，但我们平民老百姓是真不知道。”王叶摊手。
"I don't know, and probably the whole world doesn't know. There may be some news at the top of the government, but we ordinary people really don't know. Wang Ye spread his hands.
“这个技术并不是不可以理解。”虫老忽然开口：“我们的历练幻境和这个游戏的本质就很像，只不过对象反了过来，地球人进入双月星时用的是精神体，身体则是能量具现化的物体。所以他们可以不断重生。”
"It's not that the technology is incomprehensible." The insect elder suddenly spoke: "Our experience fantasy is very similar to the essence of this game, but the object is reversed, the earthlings use a spirit body when they enter the Double Moon Star, and the body is an object that embodies energy. So they can be constantly reborn. ”
“但到底是什么人要搞出这么一个游戏，为什么要特地把地球人的精神力送入我们双月星，还给他们准备了能量具现化的身体？”兰道问出关键。
"But what kind of person wants to make such a game, why did he specially send the spiritual power of the earthlings into our Double Moon Star, and prepare a body for them to manifest energy?" Landau asked the key.
闻笛听了这话，眼神微微一暗。他想到了王叶的重生，想到了他们的上辈子，似乎隐约明白了什么。
When Wen Di heard this, his eyes darkened slightly. He thought of Wang Ye's rebirth, thought of their previous lives, and seemed to vaguely understand something.
王叶也看向闻笛师父。 Wang Ye also looked at Master Wendi.
闻笛仰头捏了捏眉头。 Wen Di tilted his head and pinched his brow.
“好了，一个个表现得那么严重干什么？”疯药王嗤笑，大大咧咧道：“事情很明显不是吗？搞出这个游戏的人十有八九和帮双月星搞出历练幻境的存在是同一批。至于他们为什么要在地球搞出这个游戏，我看无非也就两个原因。”
大家一起看向疯药王。
疯药王特别大爷地竖起两根手指：“要么有存在想要帮助地球人觉醒异术，让地球从此进入超凡者时代。甚而激活地球的魔力能量，让地球也变成具有魔力的世界。”
“要么，就是制作游戏的人认为我们双月星需要地球人。”
王叶给疯药王鼓掌。
虫老也道：“不管这个制作游戏的存在是个什么想法，祂对双月星、对地球应该都没有恶意，否则没必要搞得这么麻烦，祂如果想要让地球人进入双月星，开辟一个空间通道或者弄一个远距离传送阵就是。同样，如果祂想让地球快速进入魔法时代，也可以直接牵引出地球的魔力，并帮助这里的人觉醒，但祂没有，祂选择了更缓慢更温和的方式，这说明……”
“说明对方也没有把握，这个游戏就是一个尝试。”闻笛接口。
虫老认为现在的闻笛有点神秘，他似乎知道很多事情，就坦然请教他：“你知道什么？”
闻笛看向王叶。
王叶耸肩：“师父，您想说什么就说，我都不在乎，我相信不管我是什么样，师父们都不会嫌弃我。”
雷木伸出一根细细的嫩茎，绕住王叶的手腕。
王叶惊喜不已，木木这是长大一点了吗？
虽然木木还是小嫩芽状态，但能延伸出自己实体的一部分，这就表明他暗中其实成长了一些？
闻笛环视众人，忽然浅笑：“你们对我是不是有很多疑问？原本，我不想把这些事提前说出来，因为我怕影响那条看不见的命运线，造成更大的恶果。但现在……”
“我看到了来自比我们更厉害更高等的存在做出的努力，虽然我不知道他们这么做的最终目的是什么，但我想我们双月星包括地球的未来大概都不是很美妙。所以他们想要联合地球和双月星，想要做一些挽救，但他们又不知道怎么做是最好的，所以才会有这个游戏出现。这就是一个尝试。”
闻笛停顿片刻，他没有提王叶和雷木，只说自己：“我转化时融合了一份来自过去，也可以说是来自未来的记忆。我不知道我是真实经历过了一次，还是因为这次转化给我带来了短暂的预知能力，让我能看到未来。但我相信这些记忆都是真实的，它们一定发生过。”
Wen Di paused for a moment, he didn't mention Wang Ye and Lei Mu, and only said to himself: "When I transformed, I fused a memory from the past, which can also be said to be from the future. I don't know if I actually experienced it once, or if it was because this transformation gave me a brief period of foresight that allowed me to see the future. But I believe that these memories are real, and they must have happened. ”
虫老和兰道，包括靳蜘蛛和疯药王都没有露出诧异的神色，他们甚至有种“果然不出所料”的了然感。
Worm Elder and Lan Dao, including Jin Spider and Mad Medicine King, did not show a surprised look, and they even had a sense of "as expected".
冥想时突然看到未来？感觉自己像是经历了一世？ Suddenly seeing the future while meditating? Feel like you've been through a lifetime?
这种奇葩事情对于魔法师来说虽然也极为少见，但并不是毫无记载。
This kind of strange thing is extremely rare for magicians, but it is not undocumented.
实话说，超凡者们对于自己和他人身上发生的任何事情都不会感到特别惊讶，因为超凡者的存在本身就很不正常。
Truth be told, the transcendents are not particularly surprised by anything that happens to themselves or others, because the existence of the transcendent is very abnormal.
但不正常不代表不合理。 But being abnormal doesn't mean it's unreasonable.
预言就合理吗？ Is the prophecy reasonable?
时间魔法合理吗？ Is time magic reasonable?
空间魔法合理吗？ Does space magic make sense?
可它们就是存在，就在那里。
闻笛看到大家的神情，也笑了。
他想他还是小瞧王叶的师父们了。
能接受王叶做徒弟、还把这个邪头收拾得服服帖帖的人能是一般人吗？
他应该更相信大家一些，没见王叶就无条件信任这几位师父？
闻笛……好吧，他承认他是有些吃味。
尤其王叶在这几个师父面前明显表现出了和上辈子完全不一样的信赖、依赖和任性，相处得更是和一家人似的，还明显上赶着要给他们养老。
而上一辈子的王叶也信赖他，但和他总隔了一层，甚至不如和傀儡雷木亲近。
到了这辈子，王叶也和他很亲近，可一想到这个他是这辈子的他，不是上辈子的自己，他就莫名有点不爽，就像是有人摘了他辛辛苦苦种的大桃子。
等到他融合了上辈子的记忆和意识，就发现王叶对他虽然依然信赖，但明显尊重有余，亲近不足。
偏偏虫老和兰道还对他露出警惕的模样，有时还会故意隔开他和王叶。连他布置给王叶的功课都会再三审核。
闻笛嘴上不说，心里还是很气的。
但他越气就越不想明说，就故意看着虫老和兰道折腾，有时他还会故意为难王叶，想看王叶会不会跟他翻脸。
如今想来，他的所作所为也真是有够幼稚的。
看看雷木，他还没那个孩子处理得好，同是融合了上辈子的自己，可雷木跟王叶相处起来更加自然和亲昵，感情没有半点损伤，反而更好。
闻笛扶额低声笑起来。
现在他知道上辈子王叶为什么和他隔了一层的原因，因为王叶就没把他当真人看。可王叶在他和雷木死后，还是拼命给他们报仇了，最后更和敌人同归于尽。
以王叶的性子，他绝不是那种随便自找死路的人。
王叶会那么做，只说明一点，他重视他这个师父，还有傀儡雷木，非常重视。只是在失去之前，他还没有意识到这点，这才在失去他们后，导致他迅速崩溃。
闻笛忍住酸意，对王叶招了招手。
王叶乖乖走了过去。
闻笛拉着他在自己身边坐下，手掌盖住他的脑袋。
这个孩子确实变了很多。
上辈子，这个孩子看似坚韧，精神世界实则岌岌可危，更满身戾气，每天负面能量满满。
他优秀，但优秀得很危险。每一天过得都像是最后一天。
“我很高兴现在……之前就能成为你师父，这次我和你的其他师父们会一起看着你慢慢长大。你有什么为难的事，都可以跟我们说，我们是你最强大的后盾。明白吗？”
“这么说，如果我遇到什么事，不用自己扛，可以都找师父们帮我解决？哇，闻笛师父您真是太好啦，您放心，我保证慢慢地长，我不急，真的~”王叶眼睛亮晶晶，整个人都像是放出了“我要做混吃等死超凡者二代”的信号。
好么，一句话让闻笛的感性全飞了。
“你想让我们帮你解决什么事？”闻笛声音危险地问。
王叶像是没听出来，还乐呵呵地说：“比如那四个小孩，师父们，你们看着解决吧，不管是帮他们成为超凡者，还是让他们继续做个普通人，都行。交给你们了~”
“做梦！”闻笛瞬间拉下脸：“这事你来解决。”
王叶垮脸：“啊？”
闻笛看向其他人：“这事交给这小兔崽子，让他练练手，如何？”
虫老点头：“可。”
兰道起身：“我们到你房间里聊聊你都知道些什么，有些事也许我们可以提前做个准备。另外，还有件事也需要跟你说一下。”
虫老同时站起，还邀请了疯药王和靳蜘蛛。
那两位一听能听未来的秘密，立刻颠颠地跟了过去。
被留下的王叶和一干小崽崽：“……”
王叶一个踉跄，倒在花盆身边，单手抓着花盆的边沿，凄凄惨惨地道：“木木啊，我咋觉得师父们好像联成一个阵营了，而我被排斥在外？”
“他们显然有事情瞒着我们。”雷木也感觉到了。
“而且必然是关于我的事情。”王叶对这个还是很有自信的，他几位师父这几年几乎把精力都放到他身上了。
王叶很想派出几只虫子去偷听，但他不能保证不会被师父们发现。
而师父们避开他，显然有些话就是不想让他听到。
金宝蹿到王叶身上，小爪子挠挠王叶的脖子：“爸叽，我也想要游戏仓~”
“滚蛋，你要游戏仓干什么？进入双月星扮演你自己吗？”
“不可以吗？”金宝真的很想要游戏仓，可以创造一个新身份还能不断重生什么的，好像很好玩啊。
“再说。”王叶敷衍地回答完，就把金宝丢到大黑的背上，他忽然发现游戏的事好像就这么解决了？
师父们只随便聊了聊，就很平静地接受了这件事，他们甚至没问他，为什么他能实体进入双月星，还能把他们带到地球上。
“木木，师父们真的很碉堡啊。”王叶摊在地上，抱着花盆感叹。
雷木笑：“你可以不用奋斗了。”
王叶眯眼想了一会儿，“不奋斗是不可能的，我敢偷懒，师父们会联合揍爆我。”
说完，一个鲤鱼打挺跳起来：“走，我们去医院。”
王叶现在什么都不怕了，事情都说开了（？），他有师父们给他做靠山，就能可劲作了。
真出问题，他就把师父们推出去。再不行，他就带着师父们和姑姑逃跑~
第332章 救治、回报
王叶到医院时，病房里只有何连莲和一个老妇人陪房。
何连莲看到只有王叶一个人过来很惊讶，在王叶示意下跟他到角落里说话。
王叶看看不远处的摄像头，布置了一个结界。
如此，摄像头拍摄的这段景象会变得模糊，周围也听不到他们的说话声。
“那几个孩子的情况，我们遇到过，也知道怎么治疗。”
何连莲睁大眼睛，心中生出怪异感，她……有点觉得自己碰到了骗子，虽然这几个骗子在白天和医生聊得貌似挺好。
王叶无视何连莲的表情，继续道：“但是，”
“但是我们没有钱。”何连莲快速道：“到现在为止，我已经赔偿了我亲戚很多钱，我家里现在特别穷，治疗孩子们完全靠医保。我家亲戚也不会出钱在医院以外的地方治疗，你们也看到了，今天他们把我丈夫也打伤了，他们不会相信我的话，只会认为你们是……”
王叶：“但是治好那几个孩子有两个方向，一个是让你们获得传说中的一些小能力，比如千里眼顺风耳之类。一个是让你们仍旧做普通人，你们可以选择，我和我师父们明天早上就会离开，我等下还要按时睡觉，所以你有半个小时的考虑时间。另外，选择成为超人，治疗费一人一百万，选择成为普通人，治疗费一人一百。”
何连莲目瞪口呆，看王叶的目光不但像看到骗子，更像是看到了蛇精病。
王叶看她这模样，丝毫不在意，再次重申：“半个小时的考虑时间，半个小时过后，我就会离开，你也会彻底遗忘我们。”
Wang Ye didn't care at all when he saw her like this, and reiterated again: "Half an hour of thinking time, after half an hour, I will leave, and you will completely forget about us." ”
王叶手指做了个动作，像是从何连莲脑中捏出什么。 Wang Ye's fingers made a movement, as if he had pinched something out of He Lianlian's brain.
何连莲：“……孩子，做骗子是没有前途的，会被天打雷劈。我们家已经这么惨了，你再骗我们不觉得良心有亏吗？”
He Lianlian: "...... Child, there is no future for being a liar, and you will be thundered by the sky. Our family is already so miserable, don't you think your conscience is wrong if you lie to us again? ”
王叶挑眉：“四百块而已，你觉得我能骗你什么？” Wang Ye raised his eyebrows: "It's only four hundred yuan, what do you think I can deceive you?" ”
何连莲非常懂地说：“你们这种把戏我见得多了，先只收一点点钱，让病患家属上当，等病患家属咬钩，你们再以各种理由要钱，而病患家属心想多少钱已经花了，不如就再掏一点，说不定就能看到病患恢复。你们就是仗着这种心理……”
He Lianlian said very clearly: "I have seen a lot of your tricks, first only charge a little money, let the patient's family be fooled, and wait for the patient's family to bite the hook, and then you ask for money for various reasons, and the patient's family thinks that how much money has been spent, it is better to pay a little more, maybe you can see the patient recover." That's what you rely on......"
王叶看手机：“还有二十九分钟。” Wang Ye looked at his phone: "There are still twenty-nine minutes." ”
何连莲转身就走，并心想幸好她和这几个骗子的导游合约已经到期，明天开始她就不用再见这几个人了。
王叶在病房门口的椅子上坐下，从背包里拿出一本书快速翻阅起来。
何连莲回到病房，神色纠结。
老妇人看向她，关心地问了声：“莲子，咋了？”
老妇人是她丈夫的婶子，性格掐尖要强，但还算讲理，她儿子和儿媳也没怎么闹，只说该怎么的就怎么的。
和何连莲家撕破脸的是她的表姐一家，不过人一对双胞胎儿子全都出了事，也怪不得她表姐一家和她们家闹翻。
何连莲露出一个哭笑不得的神情，说道：“遇到骗子了，我还以为那几个游客出身很不错。明明看着都像是正经人……现在骗子真的很能装。”
“他们骗你什么了？说让你买药，还是说能治疗几个孩子？”老妇人问。
何连莲无奈道：“说是能治疗。”
“哦？他们说要多少钱？”
“倒是要的不多，一个人只要一百块。”何连莲压根就没把超人选项当真，她甚至觉得那个小少年做骗子有点不合格，说出这样夸张的话，谁会相信他？
“不多啊，他们有说要怎么治疗吗？”老妇人似乎很好奇。
何连莲摇头：“没说，只给了我半个小时考虑。这事就没什么好考虑的，婶子，不用管他们，反正我导游的工作已经结束，明天就不用见到他们了。”
老妇人点点头，在孙女儿床边坐下，轻轻抚摸孙女的额头，眼中满是痛惜。
他们家就这么一个孩子，有人让他们家再要一个，最好再生一个男孩子，但他们家真不在乎这个。
老妇人更是看多了儿子不孝，最后还要出嫁女赡养的人家，而且现在也不需要壮劳力种田，真想要家里血脉传下去，也能让孙女将来生两个孩子，一个跟自家姓，一个跟夫家姓。像小榄就跟他妈妈姓。
老妇人想得开，家里日子自然就和美，自从这个孙女生下来，全家就疼得跟眼珠似的。
如珠似宝地养到这么大，却出了这种事，心里怎么可能不恨不怨？
但老妇人也知道这事真不能全怪堂侄孙，他们家囡囡就喜欢跟这个堂哥玩，从小就是这个堂哥的小尾巴。
小榄也是一个好孩子，不可能存心想要害堂妹。只能说这就是他们三家人生中的一个劫！
何连莲说是不会考虑，但快到半个小时前，她就开始不停地看手机上的时间显示。
老妇人从病床边起身，打开病房门走了出去。
何连莲以为老妇人只是出去透气，一时也没多想。
老妇人看到坐在病房外的王叶，她傍晚才见过他，这会儿一眼就认了出来。
老妇人在王叶身边坐下。
“小兄弟，你说你能治好几个孩子，是要怎么治疗？”老妇人是个干脆的人，直接开门见山地问道。
王叶默念魔法口诀，手指画了一个圈布置了结界，转头也很直接地回答：“气功。”
也亏得老妇人能稳得住，这时仍旧表情不变地道：“包治好吗？”
“嗯，治不好不要钱。”
“那如果治坏了怎么办？”
“我人就在这里，你可以随时报警抓我。其实我也不想费这个事，但我师父把治疗你们家这几个孩子当做功课布置给了我。”主要是他觉得这事他既然插手了，也能解决，如果就这么放着不管，他大概会记住一辈子。
而且出问题的是几个孩子，事情还牵扯到游戏，王叶总觉得这事他不能不管，这就是一种直觉。
“你有几成把握？”老妇人盯着王叶的眼睛问。
“七八成吧。”王叶没说满。
“能不能请你师父出手，我可以多付一些治疗费。一个人一万，你看怎样？”老妇人试探地问。
王叶摇头，“这事既然交给我了，除非我搞砸，否则我师父们不会出手，而且费用就是我报的那么多，想做超人，一百万，想做普通人，一百。”
“超人？”
“你们家几个孩子之所以会变成这样，就是因为他们都有觉醒异能的可能。而何军榄觉醒的是精神力方面的异能，类似雷达，同时具有传输和传导的作用。在他觉醒的时候，他的精神力顺带刺激了另外三个孩子，才会导致那三个孩子也跟着出问题。否则只是对着一幅错误的唤醒图、使用错误的修炼功法，也不可能只修炼了几次就出现这样的惨事。”
之前，他和师父们使用魔法屏蔽这些人的视线，把四个病患都详细查看了一遍，对他们的情况已经完全有数。
老妇人：“……”她现在明白何连莲为什么会认为这个小少年就是个骗子了。
但就算是个骗子，老妇人还是想多问一问。
“你的气功要怎么施展？通过针灸吗？”如果要在自家孙女身上扎针，那就算了，她绝不会让这个小少年碰她孙女一下。
王叶再次摇头：“不用那么麻烦，只要让我握住患者的手腕，大约十分钟左右就能见效。”
老妇人动摇，只要握住患者的手腕，且只要一百块……
老妇人在心中叹息，她也知道骗子手法多，这种一开始只要很少的钱就是一个套路，但她还是忍不住想要上当，因为骗子真的抓住了他们这些病患家属的心理。
谁都有侥幸心理，而且都会想不过一百块而已，还不用对病患做一些奇葩治疗，就算不行，也不用担心会有什么损失。
就一次，她就尝试这么一次。
如果这个小少年还有什么后续，比如要他们买高价药之类，她就不理睬了。
老妇人深吸气，做下决定：“你跟我来。”
老妇人把王叶带入病房，把门反锁，跟何连莲说明了情况。
她需要何连莲帮忙看住这个少年，避免搞出事情后，这个少年逃跑。
如果一旦发现不对劲，她们就会报警。
何连莲不敢相信老妇人竟然会同意让小少年治疗，忙跟老妇人说不要上当受骗。
但老妇人很坚持：“就一次，让他对我家囡囡施展气功治疗，我会盯着他，如果他不对劲，我们就抓住他，报警抓他！”
何连莲觉得老妇人不太理智，但她到底也被老妇人说服……一百块还只是握住手腕，怎么看都可以尝试一下。
何连莲苦笑，她这也是病患家属心理。
如果这小孩真是骗子，她就是拼着被拘留，也要狠狠打这小骗子一顿！
王叶就在两名病患家属的紧盯下，在女孩张诗岚病床边坐下，握住女孩的手。
女孩睁开眼睛，傻呆呆地看着王叶。
老妇人看到孙女如此，一阵心酸，忙安慰她，让她不要害怕。
女孩没有害怕，她只是睁大眼睛，几乎一眨不眨地看着王叶。
这模样，还有点可怕。
但王叶丝毫不在乎被女孩这样看着。
因果之力【生生不息】进入女孩大脑，先治疗她被损伤的神经。
再用自己的精神力安抚和治疗对方受伤暴动的精神海。
因为是第一次遇到这样的病例，王叶治疗得很仔细，花的时间也稍微长一点。
十分钟，看似不长，但如果你在等待，那就煎熬了。
老妇人和何连莲一个站在床头，一个站在床尾，死死盯住王叶和张诗岚，只等有什么不对劲就立刻阻止王叶。
但王叶从头到尾就只坐在那儿闭着眼睛握着张诗岚的手腕。
没有什么夸张的哼哼哈哈嘿的气功发动声，也没有摆把式，更没有什么白光啊红光啊冒出，张诗岚也十分平静，身体连抽搐都没有一下。
只是大约半分钟左右，张诗岚就闭上了眼睛，像是睡着了。
老妇人紧张地绞紧双手。
十分钟后，王叶放下张诗岚的手腕，睁开眼睛：“好了。”
几乎是同一时间，张诗岚也睁开了眼睛，眼珠左右转动了几下，似乎在打量这是哪里。
看到自家奶奶，女孩安心了，不一会儿，张诗岚就手肘撑着床铺坐了起来，迷糊地问：“奶奶，这是哪里？”
老妇人眼睛一下就红了，握住孙女的手，连声问：“乖囡囡，你现在怎么样？有没有感觉哪里不舒服？”
张诗岚是个挺活泼的女孩，故意摇头晃脑，还动了动另一只手：“没事，我浑身都没有不舒服的地方。奶奶，到底怎么回事？我不会得了什么绝症吧？难道是白血病？”
“胡说八道！”老妇人一巴掌拍在孙女后背上，轻轻的。
张诗岚怪声叫疼，从病床上起来，转头一看：“哎？莲子婶婶，你怎么也来了？哇，怎么堂哥也躺在这儿，小劲小松咋也躺下啦？”
一看张诗岚恢复正常，再也没有之前痴呆的样儿，何连莲忙伸手去抓王叶的手臂，激动地连声喊：“小兄弟，你快帮我儿子看看！求你了！”
王叶看老妇人要去叫医生，拦住她：“你现在去叫医生，我就没办法治疗其他人了，你觉得这里的医生会让我动手吗？要么等我先把其他三人都治好，你们付完治疗费，然后再去叫医生？”
老妇人一想也是，虽然她很想让医生赶紧给她孙女检查看有没有什么后遗症，但不妨先把另外三个孩子救醒。
王叶第二个救治的就是何军榄。
等何军榄醒来，他还用精神暗示询问了他很多关于唤醒图的问题。
何军榄一五一十把他加入的帮会的事都说了。
“神眷者阵营？这是什么鬼名字。”王叶皱了皱眉头，只觉得这个帮会的帮主十分没品味。
“你们帮主还有高层都叫什么名字？他们一般在哪里厮混？”
何军榄把他知道的都说了。
王叶把另外两个男孩也治疗好，催促何连莲和老妇人付治疗费，而且只要现金。
老妇人拿出钱包，点出四百块现金付给王叶。
王叶收下，拍拍屁股就要走人。
何连莲和老妇人互望，两人都没想到王叶竟然什么后续都没有，真的拿着四百块就走。
这是遇到真高人了？
比起何连莲，老妇人反应更快，她连忙叫住王叶，快步走到王叶身边，连声感谢，还说要宴请王叶和他的师父们。
王叶摆手：“用不着，你们已经付了治疗费，我们已经两清。”
“小兄……小先生，很抱歉，我们之前态度不好。”老妇人道歉。
王叶：“能理解，你们不是要急着给四个孩子做检查吗？去找医生吧。”
老妇人看王叶这样，越发忐忑不安，如果这真是骗子也就算了，但这可是有真本事的小先生，哪能四百块就把人打发掉？
老妇人不再多犹豫，当即摘下手腕上戴了多年的金手镯，强硬地塞到王叶手里：“小先生，我们也没有其他可以感谢您的，您要是不肯多收钱，那么这点小礼物还请收下。也不是什么值钱的好东西，您如果拒绝，我就只能扔了。”
王叶被塞了金手镯，有点啼笑皆非，他既然说了只收四百，那就……
咦？
王叶拿起手镯，施展鉴定术。
看完鉴定结果，王叶眼中闪过一丝古怪之色，他用精神力把手镯中隐藏的秘密全都扫视下来，这才把手镯塞回给老妇人。
“你的谢意我收到了。如果你们以后想要让你们的孩子觉醒异能，可以在游戏中的交易行挂上单子，就说寻求觉醒异能的方法，然后在单子中注明金手镯三个字，我会给你们发送帮助觉醒的药剂。看在这个手镯的份上，一支药剂只收你们十万。”
老妇人：“……呵呵。”这是小先生特有的玩笑吗？还是他不满意金手镯的价值，想要更多？
老妇人还没有想好，似乎只一晃眼的工夫，刚才跟她说话的人就已经消失。
老妇人疑惑地眨眨眼，低头看手中金手镯。
何连莲已经去叫医生，几个孩子围着老妇人询问情况，他们还有点迷糊。
等到医生和护士赶到，看到四个孩子健健康康地站在那里说话，全都惊讶无比。
医生们连忙询问何连莲和老妇人是个什么情况。
老妇人张口：“我们遇到了一个神医，他运用气功治疗了四个孩子，还只收了我们四百块钱。”
茅副主任推了推眼镜：“神医？哪里的神医？”
老妇人正要回答，忽然发现她竟然想不起神医的模样了。
再问何连莲，何连莲同样如此。
茅副主任又问四个孩子，结果四个孩子也只说有人治疗他们，但是谁，长什么模样，也都记不得了。
这时茅副主任已经完全遗忘王叶四人傍晚来过医院的事，他特地去调看医院的监控，可相关时间的监控全都一片模糊。
茅副主任越是询问何连莲和老妇人她们认识神医的经过，两人越是想不起来。
何连莲记得四名游客，但她压根就没有把这四位客人和神医联系起来，她甚至有意无意忽略了这四个客人，也想不起来他们的长相了。
但何连莲既然忽略了这四名客人，自然也不会特意想起来，并和其他人提到他们。
于是神医的来历就成了一个谜。
他怎么治疗好四个孩子，以及为什么出现，且为什么只收了四百块的奇葩行为，都让人们百思不得其解。
偏偏所有相关者都想不起神医长什么样，连监控都出了问题，到后来，所有相关者的相关记忆也越来越模糊。
如此神奇的事情发生，可想而知相关者的心情有多么震惊。
第333章 手镯里的秘密、寻找
【任务发布！玩家隔壁小王偶尔发现一条金项链很可能藏有惊人的秘密，如今更发现了进一步线索，请隔壁小王努力解开项链和金手镯之谜。任务完成，奖励一百万点经验值。】
好嘛，项链之谜还没有解开，又来了一个金手镯。
而且经验值奖励也从少少的一百点一下提升到了一百万点，一万倍的增值，可想而知这个任务会有多难，但显然也很重要。
王叶猜测，如果他没有遇到这只金手镯，就算他去探寻项链之谜，最后可能也只能解开一点皮毛，也就是说他只能拿到一百点经验值。
“命运就是一个渣渣，我听到了祂的偷笑声。”王叶咕哝。
“不要乱说。”雷木用精神力拍了王叶一巴掌。
王叶换了一种说法：“我现在明白为什么有些人是事故体质了，因为他们都是天才啊。”
如果他不是天才，他就不可能发现金项链中的秘密，也不可能去治疗那四个孩子，最后自然也无法查看到金手镯中的秘密，更无法把金项链和金手镯中的纹路结合起来，从而发现更大的秘密。
雷木不明所以：“发生了什么事吗？”
王叶一本正经道：“我刚才以为命运坑我，但我现在想明白了，像我这么优秀的人，总是会发现别人发现不了的细节，所以我遇到什么，真不是命运的推动，只是因为我太杰出。”
雷木：“……那个金手镯很特殊？”
“嗯，很特殊，你还记得那条金项链吗？”王叶把金手镯中也有类似暗刻纹路，并且能和金项链中的暗刻纹路结合起来的事说了。
“真的是藏宝图？”雷木也来了兴致。
王叶打开电脑，开始搜索世界地图：“像是。”
次日，王叶带着师父们进入了东金山岭。
“当当当，看我的虫巢升级后的模样如何？”王叶得意洋洋，他终于可以把升级后的虫巢拿出来献宝了。
一辆移动房车出现在空地上。
王叶还特意把房车的颜色变成墨绿色，这让房车在树林中移动时，不靠近根本看不到车子。
而且房车看起来有轮子，实际上是漂浮在地面上，同样如果不贴近观察也看不出来。
最妙的是，这房车还能变大变小乃至隐形，任何地形都可以通行无阻。
王叶打了个响指，房车变成了马车，就是陨星魔法学校最常用的马车外形，除了没有马匹拉车以外。
王叶再打了个响指，马车又变成了毛皮帐篷，之后又变成一栋黑色的石屋。
“目前只有这四种形态，外表颜色可以调整。”王叶把虫巢再次变回房车外形。
“你需要全程操纵它行走？”闻笛问。
王叶得意：“以前需要，但现在不用了，这个虫巢相当于是我的伴生物，它可以完全按照我的心意驱动，但在行动中，我又不需要实际驾驶它，它会自己走。类似于魔法炼金车，在我们这边就是智能自动车。”
“不错。”闻笛淡淡夸赞。
王叶昂起头：“何止不错，有了它，我们到哪里都不用受罪，还能直接做掩饰，不用再拿出额外的掩饰物。”
Wang Ye raised his head: "It's not bad, with it, we don't have to suffer anywhere, and we can directly cover it up, and we don't need to come up with additional cover-ups." ”
闻笛承认了这点，这也让他对虫巢十分动心，想着有机会他也搞一个。
Wen Di admitted this, which also made him very tempted by the hive, thinking that he would have a chance to do one.
闻笛的想法倒是和虫老不谋而合，只可惜虫巢可遇不可求，他们得先找到寄生虫族才行。
Wen Di's idea coincides with the insect elder, but unfortunately the insect nest is hard to find, and they have to find the parasitic zerg first.
同一时间，茅副主任给四个孩子安排了特别详细的检查，确定他们都恢复了健康后，越发感到不可思议。
At the same time, Deputy Director Mao arranged a particularly detailed examination for the four children, and after confirming that they were all healthy, he felt more and more incredible.
下午，茅副主任就给他的几位同行打电话，询问有没有和四个孩子类似的病情，聊天中难免就提到了那个神秘的神医。
茅副主任没得到多少有效信息，但在翻天一大早他就接到了一个来自上面的电话。
在确定对方身份为真实后，茅副主任如实回答了对方不少问题。
然后就在下午，对方竟然就坐直升机过来了。
直升机就停在他们住院部的顶楼。
来人把院长也惊动了，最后是院长和副院长，外加被点名的茅副主任一起接待了来客。
四个孩子患病后和痊愈后的检查报告被对方翻来覆去地看。
除了茅副主任，之前负责治疗四个孩子的相关医生也被请来，被询问了很多问题。
之后，来者又调看医院监控，后来索性把这段时间的监控录像都带走了。
对方还很周全地把三家人来医院时的监控片段也都看了，后来只发现何连莲带人来医院的那段监控内容模糊不清。
锁定时间，再寻找医院附近的摄像头。
当然，这些事情茅副主任就不知道了。
他只知道那些来头不小的人又通知那四个孩子到医院复查，做的检查比他当初做得还要详细，用的仪器也有所不同。
最后有没有查出什么，茅副主任也不知道。
半个月后，王叶与师父们出现在西伯荒野。
他们先在东金山岭转了半个月，王叶还采集了不少草药。
师父们感到东金山岭的魔力波动更强，还顺着魔力波动找到了几处几乎完全没有被人类踏足过的地方。
王叶在那里看到了一些长相比较奇特的动物。
像是毛色纯白的驼鹿、浑身金黄的巨蟒、火红色的双尾狐狸、不算尾巴就体长超过三米的东北豹、高达四五米的超重量级人熊，还有像驴又像狼的棺材兽、像貂又像熊的貂熊、还有野人。
其他动物都还好，关于野人，他们还跟踪了两天。
王叶猜测野人的祖先很可能是被遗弃在森林里的小孩，这些小孩在野兽抚育下长大，逐渐就形成了一个特殊种群。
这些野人看起来像人，但身体已经变异，寿命也不长。
王叶没有打搅这些野人的生活，静悄悄地来，静悄悄地离开。
同样师父们也没动这里的魔力喷发点，只让王叶记录下地点。
之后他们去了墨河，在那里过江，去了对面的西伯荒野。
到了这里，他们就不需要隐藏踪迹。往深处走，人烟稀少到方圆数百里你都看不到一个人的程度。
这个时候也是西伯荒野唯一能看到大片绿色的时候，七月初，正处于这里的夏季。正常来说，从九月到次年五月，这里都是积雪期，西伯荒野给人的印象就是一片白。
实际上这里资源很不少。
因为师父们说在这附近感觉到比较浓郁的魔力，所有人就从房车里出来，四散开来寻找魔力喷发点。
这里很大一片原野地，不远处还有大片的森林，往东头看，能看到波光粼粼的湖面，风景绝美。
王叶跳到闻笛身边，仰头看他。
闻笛：“……做什么这个怪样？”
王叶偷笑，突然抱住闻笛，蹭了蹭他。
闻笛：“……”不要以为你小，我就不会揍你。
“师父，对不起，还有，谢谢。”王叶抱着闻笛小小声说。
闻笛抬手，用力胡乱揉了揉王叶的短头毛，眼中有笑意浮起：“我也应该谢谢你，让一切都有了新的可能。”
王叶：“您不怪我耽误您转修亡灵就好，不过这辈子如果再出事，我保证让您转修亡灵。”
“你是皮痒了是吧？”闻笛差点给这个孽徒气死，抬手就要揍他。
王叶迅速蹿跑，哈哈大笑。
虫老和兰道在不远处看到王叶跟闻笛胡闹，不禁摇头，这小兔崽子就是欠揍，明明知道他闻笛师父脾气不好，这段时间还老是动不动就撩拨他一下。
闻笛逮住王叶抽了一顿。
王叶嗷嗷怪叫，狂喊着师父不爱我了，他要背叛师门。
闻笛冷冷一笑：“你背叛一个看看？”
王叶被闻笛教训得抱头鼠窜，疯药王看热闹看得笑个不停。
兰道只看闻笛的眼神，就知道闻笛很享受这一刻。
看着是个犀利的，实际也是个傲娇，还得当徒弟的哄他。兰道想到。
闻笛忽然转头，正好看到兰道嘲笑他的眼神。
兰道没有躲避闻笛的目光，反而加深了笑容。
闻笛：“……”也怪不得撒尔曼会栽，这样的容颜有几个人能抵挡得住？尤其在他好像一心一意看着你，对你微笑时。
虫老观棋不语，一副高人风，背着双手，到处溜溜达达。
大黑顶着金光灿烂的小光，屁颠颠地跟在虫老身后。
小云跟着靳蜘蛛吧嗒吧嗒到处走，他像是感知到什么，但还没有明确方向。
虫老从一片绿野中翻找出一根野草，嚼了嚼，收了起来。
他从野草上感觉到明显的魔力涌动，这里应该有一个魔力喷发点。
但这个喷发点像是被堵住了一样，只泄露出了一丝丝。
但只这一丝丝也比人类众多的城镇范围要浓郁得多。
大黑立刻用爪子刨土，刨出更多草药。
小光招呼虫群，把这些草药都采集了，转移到虫巢中。
这些草药可以用来和王叶抵交养殖税，也可以培植起来当草料。
小光终于在虫巢中实现了她的养殖大业，王叶专门给她辟了一个大草场，让她搞生态科学养殖。
现在小光在那片大草场中已经养殖了上千只羊、三百多只黄牛，还有二十多只的奶牛，其他家禽和家兔更是养了不知多少。
小光还在湖水里养了很多好吃的河鲜，她下一步计划就是再让王叶弄一个海水域，养殖海鲜。
小光还和小云合作，她给小云提供肉食和虫蜜——树人也吃肉，小云帮她种植草料，包括水草。
托雷木正在觉醒和成长的福，虫巢中的生命能量简直浓郁得都能滴出水，养什么活什么，还都长得特别好。
小云都不知道储存了多少草料和草药，还有瓜果蔬菜，总之他们家几十年内就算什么都不种，也不愁吃喝。
靳蜘蛛最高兴，因为虫巢中生机浓郁，他的身体返老还童的时间变得更短。
其实获得好处最大的就是虫巢的主人王叶，但王叶天天和雷木在一起，精神力也经常纠缠，他反而感觉不到自己身上的变化。这跟他无论实力累积多少都碍于游戏等级无法实际提升也有很大关系。
但这也不是什么坏事，王叶的身体为了存留更多的能量，自然而然在用能量锻炼自己每一个细胞，也就是在变相地锤炼自己的身体，并不断提升自己的身体体质。
“傻狍子！”小云忽然一声大喊。
大黑嗖地就蹿了出去。
一群虫子也跟着冲出，开始对狍子围追堵截。
雷木笑：“看来虫巢中又要多一个物种了。”
王叶插腰哼唧：“养吧养吧，都是一群吃货！前天我还看到虫老头逮了几只小野猪，偷偷放到小光的养殖场。野猪肉有什么好吃的？又柴又骚，就算从小阉割了，慢慢养大，也不如家猪肉好吃。他们还抓飞龙鸟，都跟他们说了，在这边抓捕野生动物犯法，被抓住都得坐牢！”
“这边这种保护野生动物的意识很好。”雷木若有所思道。
“主要是想保证物种丰富性，另外就是为了生态平衡。任何物种太多了不行，太少了也不行。”王叶也不知想到了什么，摸摸手腕上缠着的嫩绿细丝，嘿嘿笑道：“等我们在西伯荒野玩够了，下一站就去袋鼠国，那边的野兔和狐狸据说泛滥成灾，就是因为没有天敌，那边的狼早期为了放牧都被打光了。也许可以让小光他们去给那边帮帮忙。”
“成灾了吗？那可以抓一些。”
“大多数野兔据说不能吃，好像是那个国家用了病毒武器。虽说这个病毒貌似对人类无害，但敢吃的人还是不多，不过我们不能吃，小光他们应该没问题。另外我要冲击下一阶段的千木之毒需要用到生机药剂，这种药剂做起来有点缺德，用这些泛滥的兔子和狐狸做药材倒是刚好。”
雷木感觉到王叶的蠢蠢欲动，发现对方竟然不是说笑，他是真的想去。
王叶突发奇想：“你说我们人类认为某个物种泛滥成灾，影响整个物种的生态平衡，所以想要消灭它们，那么会不会有更高等的物种觉得我们人类也太多，想把我们也消灭一些？”
雷木能不了解王叶吗？一听他这么说，就反应过来：“你认为智慧寄生虫族就是对付人类的手段？”
“不止是对付人类，是对付任何一种数量太多的智慧物种。”
“是有这个可能。但就算如此，我们也不可能不反抗。”
“也是。而且智慧寄生虫族比起清道夫，更像是灭绝者，它们可不止是消灭智慧物种，普通物种也逃不过它们的侵害，太能吃了，还不事生产。这个种族怎么就发展成这样了呢？它们明明可以转变生命形态，变成像龙族、像精灵族这样，更有理智、也明白要长期可持续性发展的智慧种族。”王叶想不通。
“人类中有好好过日子的，也有成天花天酒地只顾享乐的。有考虑后代和未来的，也有竭泽而渔的。有成日掠劫不事生产的，也有勤勤恳恳开荒养殖的。你不能要求所有人都有一样的追求，自然也不能要求所有智慧寄生虫族不再当寄生者。”雷木说得很通透。
王叶叹息：“可惜我们和它们追求的生活方式天生就有冲突。如果它们是有益寄生虫，那也就算了，咱们肚子里就有不少有益菌，偏偏它们和我们争夺生存资源，还想代替我们，这就没办法共存了。”
小云吧嗒吧嗒走过来，人没到先出声：“我感觉到这里有一股很奇怪的气息，像是树人又不像是。雷木怎么说？”
王叶惊讶：“树人？这里？” Wang Ye was surprised: "Tree man? Over here? ”
雷木让小云等一会儿，放出自己的精神力进行感知。
“好像是有一股很奇怪的气息，生机不是很旺盛，像是快死了，但又没有死透，它似乎在召唤着什么。”雷木也感知到了。
“对吧，我也感觉到有什么在召唤我们，要不要过去看看？”小云好奇心不重，他是个稳当人。
王叶当即就把小云和雷木的发现跟几位师父说了。
几位师父略略商量后。
“那就过去看看吧，我看小云指的方向和我们找到的魔力喷发眼的方向很可能一致。”虫老拍板道。
于是一行人上了房车，其实是进入虫巢，向小云感知的方向飞过去。
房车飞得不快，时速约莫就在一百公里左右，方便小云随时感知，好调整方向。
大约飞行了半个小时，王叶就有所发现。
“前面有人，还有车辆和帐篷。”王叶派出浮游光虫去观察。
浮游光虫对西伯荒野的冷空气适应得很好，没有半点不适地就飞了出去。
另一头，冰城。
何连莲没想到会被穿着制服的人找上门，而且陪同者还是熟人，就是当初给四个孩子当主治医师的茅副主任。
这一行呼啦啦的有七个人，三个制服，三个便衣，还有一个茅副主任。
“大姐，你别紧张，我们就是想来问问，你们对那位神医还记得多少，任何一点细节都可以。另外，我们还想见见你儿子，了解一下他参加的那个帮会，还有他说的修炼功法。”穿着制服的年轻人客客气气地道。
“我们家是不是摊上事了？”何连莲有点紧张，半开玩笑地问。
“没有没有。”年轻人忙摆手笑，“大姐，你们真的不用紧张，我们对那位神医也没有恶意，其实是我们发现了和你儿子还有表外甥他们类似的病例，现在就想找到这位神医，请他去看看。”
年轻人也很无奈，他们把医院附近的摄像头都调看了，也不知道对方怎么做到的，他们就是没有找到有可能是神医的人。
就好像那位神医可以自动从监控器材中消失一样。
他们根据何连莲带人进入医院的时间，查到对方那时应该是正带着游客游览冰城。不管是不是，他们又去了查了那几名游客。
他们还找到司机询问情况，结果司机只记得他和何连莲带了几个看起来很是不凡的客人，但对方到底有几个人，是男是女，是老是少，叫什么名字等等，完全不记得。
再找到旅游公司，查看他们签订的合同，可合同上竟然一片空白。
再查他们留下的身份证记录，同样消失了。
最后又看转账记录，偏偏人家都是现金交易。
其实茅副主任和王叶交换了微信号，但他把这事忘了，也压根没想起来要从微信通讯录去找神医。
“其他地方也有类似的病情发生？也是因为那个游戏吗？还是因为那个帮会给出的功法？”何连莲连声问，还恨恨地道：“这事上面是不是应该有人管管？不说那个游戏，那个帮会显然有问题，传授能让人出问题的功法，还通过这种功法敛财，这不是邪恶教派吗？”
“是的，您看我们出现在这里，就知道这事上面已经在查在管，那个帮会现在已经被控制起来，不过被他们所害的人不少，现在我们迫切希望找到那位神医。”
何连莲为难地道：“我是真的不记得了，那神医是真的神。嗐，你看我说的这是什么话，我不是宣传封建迷信哈，我就是觉得人家大概用了什么催眠手法。”
年轻人笑起来，还对何连莲竖起大拇指：“大姐觉悟高，确实，我们也怀疑对方不但是神医，也是催眠高手。”
不过对方连机器也能催眠这事就不用说了。
“我是想不起来详细经过了，但我那位堂婶曾跟我说过一段很奇怪的话。”何连莲犹豫了一下，觉得那段话不好说出口，特怪。
"I can't remember the details, but my cousin once said something very strange to me." He Lianlian hesitated for a moment, feeling that the words were not easy to say, which was very strange.
七个来客全都精神一振，一起看向何连莲。 The seven visitors were all in good spirits and looked at He Lianlian together.
年轻人更是安抚地道：“大姐，您慢慢说，不用担心，什么奇怪的话，咱们都能接受。”
The young man said even more comfortingly: "Eldest sister, you speak slowly, don't worry, we can accept any strange words." ”
何连莲迟疑道：“我堂婶说，她记得那个神医跟她说，如果想要几个孩子觉醒异能……”
He Lianlian hesitated: "My cousin said that she remembered that the miracle doctor told her that if she wanted a few children to awaken their abilities......"
七个人，齐齐抽了一口冷气，尤其是除了茅副主任的六个人，那眼睛里都要冒出光来了。
Seven people, all of them took a breath of cold air, especially the six people except Deputy Director Mao, their eyes were about to glow.
年轻人咕咚咽了口口水：“大姐，继续说啊。” The young man swallowed his saliva: "Sister, go on." ”
何连莲见来客们似乎并没有嘲笑她的意思，这才往下说道：“……就上游戏的交易行挂单子，单子里要注明金手镯几个字，而一支帮助觉醒异能的药剂只要十万块。”
He Lianlian saw that the visitors didn't seem to laugh at her, so she continued: "...... On the game's trading line to place a list, the list should indicate the words gold bracelet, and a potion to help awaken the ability only cost 100,000 yuan. ”
何连莲不好意思地抠手指甲：“我也不知道我堂婶怎么会跟我说出这么一段话，她说她其他都不记得了，就这段话记得特别清楚。”
He Lianlian picked her fingernails embarrassedly: "I don't know how my cousin said such a paragraph to me, she said that she doesn't remember anything else, but she remembers this passage very clearly." ”
“吓！”来人中有人吸气，貌似激动，又貌似不可置信。
"Scared!" Some of the people inhaled, looking excited and incredulous.
“姐，请问您堂婶家在哪里？”年轻人笑容满面、特别热情地问。
"Sister, may I ask where is your aunt's house?" The young man asked with a smile on his face and a special enthusiasm.
第334章 找到探险队 Chapter 334: Find the Expedition
王叶听到浮游光虫的汇报，把情况和师父们一说。 Wang Ye heard the report of the planktonic light insect and told the masters about the situation.
“过去看看。方向一致，没必要特意绕开。”师父们就没有怕事的想法，他们大概是真的抱着游玩的心，对什么都充满兴趣。
营地中，有人看到了远远驶来的墨绿色房车，当即激动地跳起来：“有人来了，有人！”
其他人也纷纷站起，“在哪儿？”
“看到了，真的有人来了，太好了，我们得救了！”几个人喜极而泣，有人真哭了。
“是越野房车，肯定有通讯器材！”其中有见识的人喜悦地喊。
这些人怕那辆房车没看到他们，或看到也不会停下，忙跳上车顶，对着房车方向不断挥手。
还有人直接跑向房车，想要拦住车子。
“他们会不会看不到我们？”有人突然道。
其他人脸上竟然同时露出了沮丧和惊恐的神色。
“不会的，他们一定会看到我们！”
“可如果他们看不到怎么办？”
“点火，快点火！”
“按喇叭，用力按车子里的喇叭。”
众人拼命想办法，试图用各种方法来引起那辆越野房车的注意。
幸运的是，那辆房车真的向他们这边驶来。
众人狂喜。
可是，冰冷不到半分钟就袭遍他们全身。
那辆车跟没有看到他们这么多人一样，也没有真正走入营地，而是在外面绕了一圈。
“他们……看不见我们。”有人颤抖着嘴唇说道。
“也听不见。”他们都把汽车喇叭按疯了。
“车子走了，他们走了！不，不要走！”有人疯狂地冲过去，想要拦住那辆越野房车。
但他们根本没办法碰到那辆车子，就好像他们处在不同的空间，虽然重叠，却无法碰触。
这些人疯狂地拍打房车，跟在房车后面跑，但房车越开越快，很快就消失看不见了。
“哇！我们死定了，我不想死，我不想死啊。”有女孩崩溃大哭。
这种看到希望，却只能让希望眼睁睁从身边走过、他们却怎么都抓不住的感觉，真的太打击人了。
不止女孩子，队伍里不少男队员也露出了绝望的神色。
谁能想到一次游玩性质的探险活动，最后会变成这样？
他们预计最多只有半个月的行程，可当他们按照藏宝图指示找到这边，就被困在这里了。
而他们的食物和水不管怎么节省，都已经在昨天就吃完了……
可那辆车就好像他们这么多人不存在一样，完全没有注意到他们，直接从他们身边开了过去。
越野房车绕过一片不大的沼泽地，相当于是围着那沼泽地绕了一圈，又往前行驶了一段路程，这才停下。
王叶从车里跳下来。
这里就是他看到的那个营地了，但到了这里，就见三个帐篷和两辆越野车，人一个没有。
几位师父也从车上下来。
王叶摸了摸火堆里的灰烬：“熄灭很久了，加上车上落的灰尘，这些人离开至少有五六天之久。”
“失踪？”兰道看向周围。
王叶试着打开越野车车门，发现车门一拉就开，这让他不妙的预感加强：“看来这些人走的时候很匆忙，车子里的装备大部分还在。”
王叶又去拉另外一辆车的车门，也没锁。
“帐篷是单人睡袋，虽然有两辆车，三人在帐篷里休息，余下的人在车里，人数应该不超过六个人。”王叶还数了数火堆边摆放的石头和便携小椅子，确定了人数。
虫老也在这个营地绕了一圈：“不对劲，没有动物的痕迹。如果五六天都没有人在的话，这是野外，必然会有动物和鸟雀过来寻找食物，或因为好奇跑到这里，但你们看这些帐篷，里面的东西虽然乱，但不是动物弄出来的乱。这些帐篷和车辆上面甚至没有鸟雀粪便。连蚊虫都不多。”
虫老提起一盏灭蚊灯，灯盏已经没有电，但周围也没多少蚊虫落下。
王叶的野外生存经历可没有虫老这么丰富，闻言再看这个营地，顿时感到更加怪异。
真的，这个营地就像是刚刚还有人，然后突然一下都不见了。
“这片区域有霸主，周围的生物都在恐惧它，而这些露营的人却不知道。”闻笛直接说破。
兰道也有所感知：“对方占领的区域不小。”
小云晃晃脑袋，到这里他反而感觉不到那个像似树人的呼唤了。
雷木也没有特别反应。
兰道拿出一张时间回溯卷轴，打开。
王叶等人就见周围的景象就像是录像倒带一样开始不断倒退。
直到有人踪出现，兰道默念魔法咒语，倒退停止。
他们看到和听到了那几个人的举动和说话声。
五男一女，他们似乎在争执着什么。
女子声音很尖锐，也最明显，她大声道：“狗屁藏宝图，你们还当真了？那女人和她老公一看就是骗钱的，我们不也对此心知肚明？结果你们现在竟然认为真的可以找到宝藏？”
“可是之前发生的一切真的太古怪了……”一名戴着帽子的男子犹豫道。
“那也不代表这里一定就有宝藏！也许只是磁场问题，我们去过那么多藏宝地、还有传说中出现神灵、闹鬼等等的地方，但最后我们遇到什么了？不都是一些自然景象，大多都是人吓人。”女子特别理智地道。
“不管如何，我们既然已经出来探路，那就先探探看。”一名像是领头的健壮男子决定道。
女子皱眉：“我不同意。走到这里就差不多了，明明发现不对劲，还非要去自找死路，如果前面只是熊国的秘密基地，而我们跑过去，你们觉得我们还能活着走出来吗？”
“是啊，我也觉得宝藏之说有点虚无缥缈，那些怪事也许真的只是熊国人在吓我们，他们不希望我们继续往前走。如果真的遇到什么秘密基地，我们都得成为失踪人口。”另一个身边放着摄像机的男子也说道。
六个人又各执一词的争执了一会儿。
突然，带队的男子第一个抬起头，冲着一个方向喝道：“谁？出来！”
没有人出来，但几人像是看到了什么。
就连那理智的女子都露出了大大惊讶，但绝不是恐惧的神色。
领头男子兴奋道：“跑了，我们快追上去。”
领头男子说完，就追了上去。
非常古怪的，刚才还在争执的几个人，竟然没有一个反对，那个摄影师还特地扛起了摄像机。
另外几人，有的拿话筒，有的背起其他装备，都跟了上去。
女子落在最后，她似乎用力晃了晃头，但可能不想一个人留下，最终也跟上了伙伴们。
不久，这六个人就消失在黑暗中。
回溯魔法到此结束。
兰道收起卷轴，这可不是一次性的普通卷轴。
“可惜没看清黑暗中是什么。”虫老道。
闻笛沉思：“也许根本什么都没有，他们那模样明显是受到了某种迷惑。那女子的精神力在六人中最强大，但毕竟是普通人，没有锻炼过，也没能挣脱迷惑。”
“要往那个方向去看看吗？”兰道问。
虫老沉吟，“这里的环境有点古怪。”
王叶插话：“用我们这边的话来说，就是这里磁场有问题。”
闻笛摇头：“是一个天然魔法阵，具有迷踪和迷惑心智的作用，我们现在就已经在这个魔法阵内，如果不是我们都是超凡者，现在我们也中招了。”
“越来越有意思了。”王叶ruarua大黑的脑袋，“黑啊，你能闻到这些人的味道，找到这些人吗？”
“汪！”它死了，不能靠嗅觉，但它修炼出另外一种能力，就是靠精神力波找人。
"Wang!" When it died, it couldn't rely on its sense of smell, but it cultivated another ability, which was to rely on spiritual force waves to find people.
而精神力波比气味存留的时间要长得多，有的能长达千万年都不会消失，而它能分辨哪些精神力波是新留下的，哪些是旧的。
Psychic waves last much longer than scents, some can not disappear for tens of millions of years, and it can distinguish which psychic waves are new and which are old.
“厉害，那就靠你了。”王叶夸赞大黑。 "Awesome, then it's up to you." Wang Ye praised Dahei.
大黑算是第一次领任务，顶着小光，认认真真地在营地里走了一圈，然后又在周围走了走，随后转头，对众人：“汪！”
Da Hei was the first time to receive the task, and with Xiao Guang in the face, he walked around the camp seriously, and then walked around again, and then turned his head and said to everyone: "Wang! ”
大黑跑在前面，其他人全部进入房车。
王叶就见大黑跑着跑着，竟然跑了回头路，来到了之前他经过的那一小片沼泽。
虫老三人见此，眯了眯眼睛。
闻笛更是直接道：“对方本事不小，竟然能迷惑大黑，让大黑偏离主路。”
“先看看大黑找到什么。”
大黑似乎有些迟疑地对着沼泽叫了两声。
大黑和虫巢中众人都没有看到，他们以为是沼泽的地方，有将近二十个人在对他们疯狂喊叫。
王叶对大黑喊：“大黑，你发现了什么？”
大黑扭头：“汪！汪汪！”
王叶皱眉，跟众人说：“大黑说它在这里感到大量精神波动，也有之前那六个人的。”
闻笛冷哼：“一个小小的障眼法而已，别告诉我，你不能解决。”
王叶无奈，偷懒不可能了，只能运用精神力去仔细查看这个沼泽地。
还好，这里的情况还没有难到他不能解决的程度。
看完，王叶就心里有数了。
这也是一个魔法阵，可以让人看不到里面的真实，并自动避开。
就是不知道这里是天然魔法阵，还是人为布置。
如果是人为布置，那就有意思了，这证明地球也有魔法师？
王叶现在再看这片沼泽地，脑中就出现了一幅清晰的能量图。
“大黑，进来。”王叶把大黑带入虫巢。
房车按照王叶的心意，围着沼泽地七绕八绕，那动作就跟喝醉了酒的人在开车原地打转一样。
那些看到车辆的探险者们惊奇不已。
“这车子在干什么？”
“他们也被这里的古怪给困住了？”
“完了，又陷进来一批。”
“其他不管，希望他们能多带一点食物和水！”有人满脸期盼地盯着房车。
“到我们这里，到我们这里……”这些人不断祈愿。
终于，他们的祈愿成功了，那辆房车再次停下，但是他们已经能摸到房车的外壁。
王叶看到了一群人，还有他们的车辆和帐篷。
这群人可比之前那个小营地的人数多多了，将近二十人。
而且一个个形容狼狈，不少人眼睛通红，满脸都是焦躁之色。
他们疯狂拍打车门和车窗，但也有理智尚存的人大声喊着让大家散开。
“我们这样会吓到他们，他们会更不敢开车门下车，大家散开，散开！”
终于人群散开了一些。
理智尚存的人连忙整理自己，希望自己能看起来正常一些。
几个女孩子被推到前面，这些女孩也尽量露出笑容，并举起双手，表示自己毫无恶意。
“下去看看吧，小心一些。”兰道叮嘱。
王叶点头。
车门打开，大黑顶着小光第一个下车。
“汪！”大黑只是很友好地打了个招呼。
但那群人像是被吓到了，突然全部散开，还退后了几步。
站在最前面的几个女孩看大黑脖子上没有牵引绳，都吓得躲到男同伴的背后。
王叶看看大黑，这才想到大黑的体型比较大，在城市里，他都让大黑缩小到成年德牧大小，但到了野外，他就忘记跟大黑嘱咐这点了。
不过看到就看到吧，大黑的体型也不算太夸张，也就身高一米七而已。
好吧，和人一样高的大狗，也确实吓人。
大黑友善地甩甩尾巴，不用怕它哟，只要不招惹它和它的伙伴，它保证不随便咬人。
有人看到大黑头顶着一只金光灿灿的花朵一样的装饰品，这让大黑看起来顿时没那么凶了。
随后一个大约十三四岁的矫健少年从车上跳下来，伸手搂住大黑的脖子，对众人招呼：“嗨，你们好，这是我家大黑，你们怎么回事？怎么看起来慌里慌张的？”
看到有人出现，还是一张和他们一样的东方脸，并说着和他们一样的华夏语，这群人更激动了。
碰到老乡，这就更好办了，他们刚才还在想言语不通怎么办。
会当地语言的那位已经和其他队员一起失踪好几天。
“是你！”一名青年挤上前，脸上满是惊喜之色，一双眼睛更是往房车中看，“你们家大人也跟你一起来了吗？”
“是你啊，真巧，西伯荒野这么大，没想到我们竟然还能碰上。对，我家人他们就在车里，我还没成年，他们当然不可能让我一个人跑到荒郊野外玩耍。”
另外一名青年也挤了过来，同样激动地道：“你们有没有带卫星电话，或者任何能和外面联系上的手段？”
“是熟人，那太好了，你们带了食物和水吧，给我们分一点吧。”一名男子忍不住叫道。
其他人舔舔嘴唇，也都渴望地看向王叶和房车内。
如果不是有那只看起来超大的可怕大黑狗挡住车门，他们中有人就要忍不住冲进车内了。
“你们都怎么了？”王叶一脸好奇。
一群人互看，明明激动得要死，此时却没有人先说话。
还是姚浩说道：“等你家大人下来，我们一起说吧，事情比较复杂。”
王叶撇撇嘴，转头用双月星语对车内喊了一声：“师父们，你们要不要下来看看。”
结果只有虫老一个人下来了。
虫老其实是好奇心特别重的一个人，以前待在药园里不管事，最大原因还是因为身上的噬魂虫，现在噬魂虫消失，他又进入十级，还恢复了青春，那可谓是精力满满。
虫老对地球这边的昆虫特别感兴趣，一路也不知收了多少虫子，还在徒弟的虫巢里养了不少。
这位就没有生物入侵这个概念，闻笛和兰道也一样，他们都是那种认为“存在既有理、异变就是改变”的魔法师。
虫老以前苦于没有和王叶一样的可以养活物的空间，只有一种专门养虫子的虫箱，出门则是用虫袋，但无论是虫箱还是虫袋，哪能比得上虫巢。现在有了虫巢，他在他那栋小楼里养满了虫子，还在虫巢里找了几个适合放牧虫子的环境。
不过有了这些虫子，还有小光养的那些生物后，虫巢倒是更加生机勃勃了一些，里面的能量都有微妙变化。
但现在，就连王叶这个主人都没有察觉到虫巢的微妙变化。
话扯回来，虫老作为大家长下车，对众人淡淡地点点头。
姚浩见不是那位特别像兰道的大美人，有点失望，但这时候也不是看美人的时候，姚浩因为和王叶他们认识，就临时作为代表和虫老说话。
“您好，能不能先卖给我们一些水和食物？我们愿意高价购买，十倍价，您看可以吗？”姚浩不差钱，也不想因为落难就觉得别人应该救助他们。
而且他们这时其实已经在骗人害人，如果对方和他们一起陷进来，他们车上的食水就是保命的东西，分给他们，这小孩一家就得……
可姚浩这时不得不骗人，他如果不这么说，他们这边的人在已经弹尽粮绝的情况下，恐怕没有几个能保持理智不去抢夺这家人。
虫老拍拍王叶的肩膀，像是家长锻炼自家孩子一般，用华夏语说：“这事你来处理。”
其他人听到这位像是外国人的中年帅哥也说华夏语，顿时松了口气，有些人还露出喜色，小孩子一般都比较心软，对方把事情交给这名小少年处理，也许他们能很容易就获得很多食物和清水。
而王叶也确实如他们所想，转头就对姚浩道：“高价买就没必要了，都是同乡，遇到困难互相帮一把而已，不过我们带的食水也不多，你们人又多，只能给你们提供一天的份。”
“够了够了，太感谢了！”姚浩感激万分。
王叶就回车上搬食水了，有人热情地表示想帮忙，王叶拒绝了。
于是众人都看出来，这个小少年和他的家人应该在提防他们，并不希望他们进入车内。
理智的人都觉得这很正常，谁在野外碰到一堆陌生人，会让对方随便进入自己的车子？换了自己也不会愿意。
但有理智的人，也有心胸狭窄只想着自己的，这些人就觉得王叶和他家人的提防态度有点过分，这些人还认为这时王叶一家就应该把车里的食水都拿出来平分。
大黑也上车了，过了一会儿，大黑背着两箱矿泉水下车。
姚浩和葛杰大着胆子上前帮忙卸载。
王叶也提着两大袋的面包下车。
有女孩过来主动帮忙。
王叶就把面包交给她们。
“我来分，我来分。”之前第一个跟王叶索要食水的男子抢上前，他不敢靠近大黑，就抢过了那几个女孩手中的袋子。
几个女孩很生气，却忍住没有说什么。
那男子当着这么多人面，也不敢中饱私囊，他只是先拿出一个面包塞到自己口袋里，才给其他人一人发了一个。
袋子里还有多的，但男子就紧抓着袋子不给别人了，他还像是忘了最前面拿的那个面包，又从袋子里拿出一个面包，迅速撕开外包装，塞进嘴里。
姚浩和葛杰给大家发矿泉水，一人发了一瓶，多的就放在房车车轮前。
大家急急忙忙地喝水吃面包，有了食物和清水下肚，所有人脸色看着都稍微好了一些。
那名男子吃了一个面包根本不够，但其他人都在虎视眈眈地盯着他，更有人要抢夺他手中的袋子，那男子只好把袋子交出去。
最后袋子中剩余的面包也都被撕开平分了。
那男子独自多得一个整的面包，无视其他人愤怒的眼神，把面包吃了。
姚浩也三口两口把分给自己的面包吃了，又小口小口喝了大半瓶水，一点水都舍不得浪费。
王叶从车上搬了两把软椅下来，关上车门，和虫老一人一把，就坐在车门前。
Wang Ye moved two soft chairs from the car, closed the door, and sat in front of the car door with the old worm.
他在打量这近二十名探险者。 He was surveying the nearly twenty explorers.
大黑趴卧在王叶脚边，小光假装自己是朵装饰花，只翅膀偶尔动一下，看起来就像是被风吹动的一样。
金宝从王叶口袋里探出脑袋，好奇地打量那些急着解渴和填饱肚子的探险者们。
Jinbao poked his head out of Wang Ye's pocket and looked curiously at the explorers who were anxious to quench their thirst and fill their stomachs.
王叶轻轻抚摸着缠在手腕上的嫩绿细丝。 Wang Ye gently stroked the tender green filaments wrapped around his wrists.
因为抱着龙头骨花盆不方便，加上雷木身上生机太旺盛，雷木就让王叶把花盆就放在虫巢内，他则延伸出一丝细丝缠在王叶手腕上。
这细丝就是雷木的能量实体化，和雷木本体相连。
王叶和雷木看到了两个熟人。
不是姚浩和葛杰，而是那条金项链的拥有者钱丽和她的丈夫薛辉。
不过这对夫妻没有认出王叶，时间已经过去五年，瘦小的男孩变成矫健的小少年，就跟变了一个人一样，他们又只见过王叶两面，当然不可能认出王叶。
“现在可以说说你们的情况了吗？”王叶问。
姚浩也搬了一把椅子上前，还没说话就先叹了口气。
第335章 怪事
姚浩说的话很长。
首先，他告诉王叶和虫老，探险队人员超过了预订人数，在墨河集中时一共有二十九个人参加。
六个人是探险队队长鲁一丰的原班人马，负责拍摄、后期制作、助理和紧急救治等工作。
钱丽和薛辉是藏宝图提供者。
八个经济比较宽裕的同校大学生，四名闲着没事干的富N代和他们带着的女友两人，四名自称在地质局工作出来游玩的社会人士，一名地导，再加上两个经常搞野外探险的驴友。
而地导就是那名抢夺食物的男子，说是叫马伟，但探险队员们都认为这是这个人的假名。
因为这个人一看就不是正经人，看女孩的眼神也油腻腻的，说话做事都一股二流子做派，有点像是混黑的，但他对当地地形很熟悉，进入西伯荒野都要靠他带路。
队员们很不满队长鲁一丰找这么一个地导，但鲁一丰说这人看着不怎么样，带路能力和野外生存能力都很强，当然最重要是便宜，这点鲁一丰就不会跟队员们说了。
这也是马伟抢夺女孩子们分配食物的权力，女孩子们忍着不说话的原因，因为他们还要靠这个人把他们带出去，虽然目前看来这地导也没什么用。另外就是这个地导身上有能威胁众人的武器。
其次，他们的探险活动前期很顺利，人多，又都是年轻人，准备也丰富，玩得还算开心。但在进入西伯荒野不久，他们就遇到了怪事。
一行人按照藏宝图找到了以为有藏宝的地点——这几乎没费什么工夫，鲁一丰已经事先对应过卫星地图，找到了藏宝图暗示的地点。
但他们在这里什么都没有发现。
不过这些探险者原本就没想过真的能找到藏宝，也没怎么失望，就在该地点露营，打算在这里待个几天，在附近随便找找顺便转转，就当野外生活体会了。
可在他们扎营的第二天早上，提供藏宝图的钱丽和薛辉夫妇俩就失踪了。
大家都很努力地在附近找人，没有找到，就猜测是不是这对夫妻还隐瞒了他们什么，比如真的藏宝地点，现在利用他们到了地头，就偷偷离开去挖掘真正的宝藏。
而这对夫妻只是失踪的第一波人。
王叶诧异地看向不远处坐在地上休息的夫妻俩。
失踪？他们人不是就在这儿吗？
王叶瞅瞅姚浩的眼睛，瞳孔正常，不像是吃了什么不该吃的东西。
王叶又询问葛杰，问他那对夫妻到底有没有失踪。
葛杰也跟睁眼瞎一样，张嘴就说：“失踪了，都已经好些天了。”
王叶索性把所有人都问了一边，除了那对夫妻。
结果所有人或者用神情、或者用言语，都告诉他：那对夫妻就是失踪了。
王叶看向那对夫妻，问：“他们都认为你们俩失踪了，你们怎么看？”
夫妻俩露出特别无奈的笑容：“我们也没办法，跟他们解释过多次，我们没有失踪，就在这里，但他们就像是看不到也听不到我们一样，连发食水都会故意漏掉我们。幸好我们自己也带了不少食水，这才没有被饿死。”
姚浩等人惊恐，瞪着王叶道：“你、你在跟谁说话？”
王叶一指钱丽夫妻俩：“跟你们说的钱丽和薛辉夫妻俩说话，你们看不见吗？”
有女孩发出惊叫，但很快捂嘴。
姚浩等人也脸色惨白，要不是现在还是大白天，王叶怀疑他们会互相靠紧瑟瑟发抖。
“我们什么也没看到，那里根本就没人。”姚浩鼓起勇气说。
那个地导马伟更是握紧手中枪，神色紧张地不断扫视那一小片空地。
虫老看过去，他同样没有看到人。但他声色不动，只暗中给王叶传音。
王叶超级诧异，他和雷木都看到了。
可虫老也看不见，这是怎么回事？
大黑：“汪！”
大黑表示它也看到了。
虫巢中的诸位和其他小家伙也纷纷说出自己的观察结果，那就是只有疯药王看到，其他人都没看到。
王叶摸手腕上的细丝，自言自语道：“只有亡灵能看到？那我们俩怎么会看到？”
雷木：“也许和你的异术有关系。你看目前只有你烹饪的食物，那些亡灵才能吃出味道。”
王叶不禁对那对夫妻目露同情，这两人知道自己已经死了吗？
貌似还不知道的样子，而且还自动忽略了一些不合常理的地方。
王叶也无意点醒这对夫妻。要是这对夫妻意识到自己已经死亡，突然暴走，他还得费一番手脚。
王叶打开因果卷看了下这对夫妻的死因，心中有数了。
“后来呢？还有其他人失踪吗？”王叶问姚浩。
“有。”姚浩盯着那小片空地看了一眼又一眼，面色苍白地道。
扎营第三天早上，营地又少了四个人，就是自称在地质局工作的四名社会人士。
到此时，大家心里已经有点慌乱，就商量要离开，然后去报警。
队长鲁一丰坚持又在原地等了两天，顺便找人。
结果人没找到，带队的鲁一丰和他的助手们也突然失踪。
而且属于鲁一丰和他助手的两辆越野车也被开走，可营地那么多人竟然没有一个人察觉。
这下大家再也等不下去了，剩下的人都十分惊慌，加上所剩食水不多，经过商量，就决定由地导马伟带路，先离开这片荒野，前往最近的熊国城市，然后再看能不能联系上鲁一丰等人。
他们的车辆也都是在熊国城市租赁，需要还回去。
但非常不幸，他们出发还没半天，就发现他们被困住了。
无论他们怎么走、往哪个方向走，都无法离开这小片区域。
最后发现怎么都走不出去，大家只能原地扎营。
但糟糕的是，这一小片区域比之前的营地条件差多了，堪称什么都没有，附近没有水源，也没有野生动物，更没有能吃的野果和野菜。
大家埋怨带路的地导马伟。
马伟发火，掏出了一把枪……
王叶看姚浩神情，明白了，这位就是想重点告诉他们，马伟身上有枪。
姚浩把这个关键事情告诉王叶和虫老后，又接着述说。
他说之后所有人想尽办法联系外界，可不管是手机、无线电，都没用。
偏偏唯一一支卫星电话在鲁一丰手上，而鲁一丰等人早就失踪。
姚浩等几个富N代，已经在猜测这是不是一场针对他们的绑架行动，就是鲁一丰和马伟以及外面某些人配合，故意把他们困在这里，鲁一丰则在外面跟他们父母勒索钱财。
最后姚浩才期期艾艾地点出，他们这支探险队已经没有一点食物和清水，另外就是他认为王叶他们有可能也陷进来了，也就是大家都有可能出不去。
“马伟有枪，如果不是我们人多，加上有几个人胆子也大，敢跟他顶，他就把食物和水都控制起来了。你们一定要小心，不要让他上车。”姚浩贴近王叶耳朵，悄声道。
王叶看到那个叫马伟的地导冲着他们的方向冷笑，似乎知道他们在咬耳朵说他坏话，但他根本不在乎的模样。
王叶歪头也冲马伟笑了笑，伸手在背包里摸了摸，摸出一样东西，对着马伟瞄准，又放到腿上。
马伟整个人都跳了起来。
其他人也都吓了一跳。
姚浩惊讶地说不出话，嘴巴张得小舌头都能看到。
王叶拿出了什么？
他也拿出了一把枪，不过是双月星的魔弹枪，但因为造型不同，王叶拿出背包时，特别施展了一个变形小魔法，让魔弹枪看上去和地球这边某种枪一模一样。
王叶不想麻烦到来再解决，所以他一开始就亮出了肌肉，告诉马伟、也是告诉在场所有人：他们不好惹。
而看到王叶亮出武器的某些人，也确实暂时打消了靠武力控制那辆房车，也就是抢夺里面食水的念头。
连个小少年都能拿出这样的武器，敢说他家大人身上就没有同类武器了吗？
说不定那辆房车上有威力更强大的武器，熊国这边可是允许持枪打猎的。
“所以你们其实什么都不知道。”王叶总结。
姚浩：“……”敢情我说了这么多都是白说？
“你们车里都有油吧？赶紧收拾，我们现在带你们离开。”王叶起身。
姚浩惊讶，坐在那儿都忘记动弹了，仰头问：“你们要带我们离开？”
“是啊，难不成你们想继续在这里被困下去？”
“当然不是！”姚浩腾地站起，“但是我们被困了啊，你们要是有卫星电话，可以先试着联络外面看看……”
“用不着。被困应该是地形问题，另外就是你们大概吃了什么不该吃的东西，产生了幻觉。”王叶一副他说的就是对的，不容反驳的表情。
姚浩：“不……那个……”
王叶收起软椅，催促：“别不不不了，快点去收拾，知道这里有问题还不走，你们想在这儿待一辈子吗？”
姚浩也不知道该如何让王叶相信，他们确实是被困，不是因为产生幻觉。
葛杰低声道：“算了，我们先把东西收拾起来，大家有点事做也好。等到过一会儿走不出去，他们自然就明白厉害，到时候该怎么办，再商量。”
姚浩一想也是，就去催促其他人赶紧收拾上车。
其他人当然也想离开，抱着几分侥幸心理，大家用最快速度把帐篷等乱七八糟的生活用品收起来，分别上车。
马伟是地导，他开唯一一辆面包车，坐他车的人也最多。
但现在知道这人有枪，而且不是什么好人，大家就都不愿坐他车了。最后协商下，就把行李和装备大多放到面包车上，人员则尽量集中到其他几辆越野车中。
可人数还是太多，最后那两名驴友，外加姚浩和葛杰，主动坐到了面包车上。
其实很多人更想乘坐王叶他们的越野房车，但大家都不好意思开口。
钱丽和薛辉也上了面包车，不过其他人看不见他们，王叶也没说出来让面包车中的乘客和司机紧张。
越野房车在前，其他车辆在后，开始往没有路的原野上行驶。
开车前，王叶就提醒过几名驾驶员：“我们车怎么走，你们就怎么走，顺着我们的车轮印，千万不要自作聪明的绕路，如果不能遵守这点的人，走不出来，我不会再回头找他。”
几名负责驾驶的队员都感到了古怪，但大家也不是傻子，闻言忙不迭地点头答应。
王叶就让虫巢房车落到了地面上，特意在地面留下车轮印，以防跟在后面的人看不到路。
跟在后面的人就觉得前面的越野房车就跟之前他们看到的一样，像醉酒的人在驾车，东歪西倒，就不走正路。
但这时候只要不是真没脑子的，没谁会真的以为越野房车的司机在酒驾。
开车跟在后面的人握着方向盘，盯着前方的越野房车和车轮印，他们开车从没有这么战战兢兢过，简直比他们刚学开车那会儿还要小心翼翼和全神贯注。
似乎过了很久，又似乎没两分钟，前面的房车行驶正常起来。
后面的车子还不知道他们已经绕出刚才那片地，仍旧小心翼翼地跟在房车后面。
只有心细的人发现：“我们似乎走出来了？我们已经没有再回到那个营地了！”
“嘘，小声点，别惊到驾驶员，让他们继续开。前面的车没停，我们也不要停。”
说话的人连忙捂嘴。
大约半小时后，前面的房车终于停下。
其他车辆连忙也跟着停下。
这时车里的人看着车窗外的景色，终于可以惊喜地放出声音喊：“我们出来！换地方了！”
车子里欢呼声阵阵。
姚浩几人连忙下车去找王叶他们。
王叶也下车了。
“继续往南面走，你们会看到一条野道，顺着那条野道开下去，你们应该会在落日前到达附近最近的一个村庄，那里有网络也有电话，也有小卖部。我们就把你们送到这里了，接下来我们一家还要继续旅行，就此别过。”王叶特别干脆地告别。
“等等！”姚浩很为难也很不好意思地说道：“因为大家不太相信我们那位地导，那人手上又有枪，探险队负责人失踪得也太古怪，我们心里没底，能不能请你们把我们送到那个村庄？我们愿意出护送费。”
“如果你担心地导手上的武器，我可以拿过来。”王叶不太想浪费时间护送这些人，再说他已经带他们离开那片古怪的危险区。
“……可是他人在，如果他和外面的人联系，在路上对我们下手……别这样看我啊，小兄弟！我们不是有被害妄想症，实在是前面那堆怪事，让我们怕了。”姚浩是真怕，胳膊上鸡皮疙瘩都冒出来了。
王叶特别无语，但也能理解。不止姚浩，队伍里那几个女孩也在眼巴巴地看着他们，而且都离马伟远远的。
姚浩又小声道：“还有那对夫妻俩，钱丽和薛辉他们是不是还在？就在我们当中？”
说完，姚浩还打了一个冷颤。
王叶一把把姚浩拎到一边。
姚浩咽口水，这小少年力气真大，竟然随便一抓就把他拖了过去。
“我问你，那对夫妻到底是怎么失踪的？”王叶低声问。
姚浩苦脸道：“我真不知道。当时大家还没有被困，人又这么多，都是各自一个小团体，各玩各的，并不会关心其他人。等我们确定那对夫妻失踪，其实已经到了扎营第三天。因为有人发现那对夫妻似乎一直没有从帐篷里出来，也没见他们回来。”
“我们去看他们的帐篷，才发现帐篷是从外面拉上的拉链，为此我们判断，他们应该是离开了营地，但去了哪里，就没有人知道了。问了半天，只有人记得在扎营第一天晚上的篝火会上还看见那对夫妻，但之后大家就对他们都没有印象了。”
王叶觉得古怪，他记得那对夫妻可不像是低调的人，尤其钱丽。
可这么多人竟然没有一个注意到他们什么时候离开的篝火堆，也没有人注意到他们去了哪里。
王叶又询问姚浩对那对夫妻的印象。
按照姚浩所说，钱丽夫妻俩这次似乎一改往日作风，变得特别低调，别人询问他们藏宝图的事，他们也只保持神秘，不肯多说。
姚浩说：“我们一开始以为这是人设。因为鲁一丰一路都在拍视频，那对夫妻似乎跟他们签了约，属于特邀嘉宾，至于我们其他人，有的愿意出镜，但大多数都不愿意。”
“鲁一丰拍的视频，你们有吗？”
姚浩摇头：“他们拍的东西都放在他们的车子里，我们都看不到，鲁一丰只答应最后会把剪辑好的版本让我们先睹为快。同时也是让大家看看，他有遵守合约，没有乱拍。”
王叶又问了姚浩一些事，连精神暗示都用了出来，可翻来覆去也没见对方再说出什么新的内容，就掏出一瓶药剂，递给姚浩。
“你生病了，现在不吃药，后面九成九会大病一场。看在我们相识一场还算有缘分的份上，这瓶药便宜卖给你，诚惠一千，最好给现金，没现金也可以转账。”
姚浩看着手里的小玻璃瓶，总觉得这里面的液体特别不靠谱，但想到王叶和他萍水相逢，总不至于在把他们带出来后，再给他一瓶毒药，当即揭开封口，英勇就义一般，闭眼仰头就喝。
他的好友葛杰看到小少年给了姚浩什么，然后就看姚浩仰头就喝了，他想阻止都来不及。
姚浩咂咂嘴，“竟然不苦不辣。”
也不知道是不是心理作用，他竟然真的觉得全身都舒服许多，尤其之前身上老是一阵阵冒出的寒意，也没有了。
王叶翻白眼：“又不是所有药剂都又苦又辣。行了，赶紧给钱。”
荒郊野外，想转账也不行，不过出来游玩，姚浩等人都换了一些现金带在身上。当即点出十张大钞付给王叶。
王叶随手收了起来。
“小兄弟啊，你看……”姚浩还是希望王叶他们的车子能跟他们一起走，无他，王叶和他家大人手上有武器，安全啊。
王叶看了看因果卷，考虑片刻：“送你们过去可以，但来回油钱和我们浪费的时间，你们得付相应报酬。”
“行！没问题。”姚浩财大气粗，表示等到了有网络的地方，会给王叶转账二十万的护送费以及救援费。
王叶虽然没有提，但姚浩可不想赖掉美人家人的救命之恩。
如果不是王叶来带他们走出那片古怪区域，他们恐怕不饿死渴死在里面，也会互相残杀而亡。
实际上，如果王叶他们再迟来两天，马伟和某些男队员绝对会动手。
姚浩和葛杰早就看到马伟在串联队伍中的某几个男队员，只要那几个人被马伟说动，其他人的人数优势立刻就会失去，最后大家的结局可想而知。
虫巢中众位听说王叶要送这些人到附近村庄，也没反对。
反正他们这趟就是出来玩的，怎么玩不是玩？
就当欣赏各地风俗民情了。
第336章 救援费、罗荒村
这群探险旅行队员们听说王叶他们会一路把他们护送到最近的村庄，都十分高兴。
另外三个家境比较富裕的年轻人听姚浩说要给王叶他们护送费和救援费，就商量着按照姚浩的标准，每人都付二十万，他们现在只求安全，就怕王叶他们只在乎姚浩的命，危急关头只救姚浩。对他们来说，二十万也不过是出门游玩一趟的钱。
其他人听到，也商量着是不是付一些，毕竟人家是私人救援，只是他们付不了那么多，就打算意思意思一人付一万。
但也有些人舍不得出这个钱，忍不住嘀咕：“现在不都讲究人道主义救援吗，怎么还收起钱来了？”
葛杰听到，当场怼回去：“这又不是旅游区，属于不建议私人进入探险的荒野地区，你报警找救援队来，一样要付救援费，在这边最少两万起步。而且西伯荒野这鬼地方，你就算报警，人都不愿意来。哦，你在荒郊野外，还不一定能联系得上救援组织，基本上遇事只能等死。”
他们来这边玩，自然都调查过相关信息。包括卫星电话也准备了，救援电话也记了好几个。
但所有人在出发前都不认为会出事，因为这趟旅行说是探险，要去的地点其实并不算很危险，只是没有人踪，主要是小心野兽和野外环境。
可谁想到不但出事，连带队的人都失踪了，还连同卫星电话一起，而无线电联络等全都失效，他们更是陷入了像似鬼打墙的环境中。
被怼的人面色通红，想说什么又说不出来。
有人打圆场：“我们能遇到人救我们出来，已经算运气不错了。而且对方也没跟我们要救援费，是我们自己商量应该付一些，这可是救命之恩，总不能就这么算了。但如果有人不愿付，也没人强求，这事全看自愿。”
没有人说话了，这时就算心里有什么想法，也不会有人特意说出来。
一万是不多，但有人就是不想付。
姚浩和葛杰对看，所以一开始他们就没想找其他人，他们愿意付，那是他们的心意，并不想强求其他人。
马伟忽然说：“我们既然付钱了，那么食物和水是不是应该给我们多准备一些？那一个多面包哪够吃？还有水也不够。我们要到晚上才到村庄，难道我们还要再饿大半天？”
“没错，既然他们收钱，那他们就该给我们供应……”说话的人说到一半闭嘴，因为周围的人全都走开了。
只葛杰冷冷道：“再说一遍，人家没要收钱，我们愿意给，是我们想要表达谢意，不是人家应该的。而且你现在付钱了吗？”
“走吧，跟这种人没什么好说的。总有人占便宜没够！”姚浩拉着葛杰离开。
谁都喜欢占便宜，但也要看那是什么便宜。
那人难堪无比，看看左右，就连同来的同伴都没人理睬他，这让他很是不忿，他不过是说出了某些人心里想的事，可这时大家却一起鄙视他。
马伟拍拍他的肩膀，“行了，有些人虚伪得很，明明心里想的都跟我们一样，却还非要假装清高。”
“就是。哥，抽烟，还是你实在。”这人终于找到台阶下了，之前他还跟其他人一起提防马伟，这会儿却给马伟主动递了香烟。
他的同伴，同来的另外七名大学生有点焦虑地看向他。
“金朗和马伟混到一起了，我们是不是应该把他叫过来？”一名短发女生心比较软。
另一名扎马尾的女生立刻道：“叫什么叫？那家伙也不是什么好东西，就是个人渣。”
个头最高的女生道：“金朗那人我真不喜欢。他一方面故作神秘不说他家人到底姓甚名谁，说不想给家里添麻烦，不想仗着家人身份怎么怎么的，一方面又一直吹嘘家里怎么怎么有钱有势，说他爷爷在某机关工作，他奶奶是什么主任，他爸是某某局长，他妈开公司，搞得他跟太子爷似的。我们学校偏还有女生上当！”
高个女生斜睨另外一个波浪发女生。
上当的那个女生丝毫不尴尬地笑：“他长得凑合，嘴巴也甜，姐会上当也正常嘛，谁想一趟旅游就看清了他的真面目，竟然借口我吃得不多，要帮我吃分给我的份额，真没见过这么不要脸的人。幸好姐还没和他上床，否则这个亏就吃大了。”
另外三个女生一起笑起来。遇到渣没什么，就怕自己看不开，幸好这个女生走出来很快。
女生们都这么说，男生们对金朗更没什么好感。
这年头，学校里真没多少真正的穷人，就算真有家境困难的，勤工俭学的话，怎么都能活下去，学生之间现在也不兴互相攀比家世，那会显得特别肤浅。
报团的这八名大学生家境都很不错，所以每次金朗吹嘘自己家里怎么怎么样，还故作神秘时，其他人听到，圆滑的会恭维两句，但更多人则替他尴尬。
之前大家不了解，金朗也不是他们同寝室的，直到一起旅行，他们才发现金朗这个人看似有钱，实际上特别抠抠索索。
谁都心疼自己的钱，这没错。
但当大家轮流买水或买些零食分给其他人时，虽然大家没说一定要轮流，但看到别人买了，你自己一直吃用别人的，好意思吗？
所以就算没有明说，大家也会轮着付钱。可金朗这时候就能假装不知道，自己从没有掏过一次。他女朋友提醒他，他还说其他人愿意做冤大头、愿意假大方，那就让他们做，他们俩只要跟着吃用就好。
他女朋友也就是从那时开始，和他冷了下来。
等到他们被困在那片营地，食水越来越少，金朗暴露出来的自私面越多，他甚至同意马伟的分配方案，认为女孩子吃得少就该少分点，不应该均分。
他甚至说男生要保护女生，所以男的就应该吃双倍，而女生应该负责平日的所有打扫和整理工作。
他女朋友当场就和他分手了。
他还说他女朋友只能共享福不能共患难。
这之后，七名大学生就和金朗隐隐分割开了。
“好了，别说了，大家赶紧上车，要出发了。”
所有人又匆忙上车，车队再次向前行进。
王叶的房车仍旧走在队伍最前面。
王叶对于探险队员们之间因为救援费闹出的风波半点不知，他就没有去监听那些人的动静。
他在观察钱丽和薛辉那对夫妻。
那两人到现在还没有意识到自己已经死亡，他们一直跟着队伍，拿着自己的行李坐在面包车上，其他人都下来松松腿的时候，他们仍旧坐在车上。
王叶听到两人在窃窃私语。
但古怪的是，他竟然听不到两人在说什么。
他越是想要听清楚，就越是模糊。
王叶请教疯药王：“为什么我听不到他们说话？”
疯药王回答：“亡灵的语言，生人本来就听不见，同样生人也不会看见亡灵，除非亡灵自己显形。你能听见和看见，那是你精神力特殊。但当亡灵不愿意让别人听到他们的话语时，他们的精神力波会很混乱，只有他们自己知道他们在说什么，其他人包括亡灵都无法理解。”
王叶若有所思道：“那您觉得那两人已经知道自己是亡灵，还是不知道？”
“应该是不知道。他们现在的状态很奇妙，一般来说转变亡灵需要特定的条件，不是你想转变就能转变，更不是每一个死人都能转变成亡灵。绝大多数生物死亡后，他们的灵魂也就是精神体会脱离身体，要不了多久就会慢慢失去所有记忆，最后化作纯能量归于天地。”
“这对夫妻的情况，应该是死得很快，或者受到什么重大打击，导致死亡后也没有意识到自己死亡，而这种认为‘我还活着’的精神状态，可以让灵魂维持比较长的时间。通常我们不叫这种灵魂为亡灵，而是幽灵。幽灵就是没有意识到自己死亡，并没有修炼的死者之灵。”
疯药王忽然皱了皱眉头：“但这对夫妻的外形看起来太像活人，他们甚至能幻化出他们的行李，这说明他们要么精神力极为强大，死时十分冤屈和不甘。要么就是他们的死亡地点有问题。”
王叶肯定地道：“他们精神力很一般，我见过他们生前的样子。”
“那就是死亡地点有问题。”疯药王很想去那个地方看看。
王叶也想去，“等把这些人送到附近村庄，我们就回头看看。再找找看那几个失踪的人是怎么回事。”
除了钱丽夫妻俩，另外的失踪人数加起来正好十个人，不少了。
王叶预估的时间没错，他们一行车队果然在日落前抵达了最近一个村庄。
王叶进入村口时，还看到了一块比较古老的界碑。
界碑正反面都刻了字，对外的一面看起来很像是古华夏语，但王叶没认出来。
背面的文字也非常古老，不是王叶认识的任何一种语言。
过了界碑，就能看到村庄。
这个村庄基本都是厚实的石块盖起来的房子，看起来就特别坚固。
村里人似乎不少，不少大人小孩在自家院子里忙活着什么，看到有车队进来，有人好奇地看向他们，还有人对他们热情地招手。
王叶在路边停下车辆，前面有村人摇手示意他们停车。
后面的车辆看房车停下，也都跟着停下。
王叶从车里下来。
姚浩等人也从车里出来。
看到这么多人，探险队员都有种终于回到文明世界的放心感。
一名大胡子老人向他们走来。
“你们好，你们是华夏人？”大胡子老人竟然说得一口流利的华夏语。
“是，都是华夏人。我和我家是来这边旅游的，途中碰到他们，似乎迷路了，我们就把他们带到这边了。他们似乎有人失踪，希望能报警寻求救援。”王叶指了指身后车队，三言两语就说明了他们的情况。
大胡子老人面色立刻严肃起来：“有人失踪？在哪个方向？距离这里远么？”
姚浩等人立刻围上来，跟老人说明情况。
也有人焦急地喊着能不能给他们弄点吃的喝的，如果有宾馆能让他们洗个热水澡再睡个安稳觉最好。
大胡子老人安抚众人，让他们不要焦急，又拿出对讲机用当地语言通知了村里的治安警。
“走吧，我先带你们去酒馆。那里是我们村唯一的酒馆，也只有那里有房间提供给外人居住。等会儿我们村的警长也会到那里询问情况。”大胡子老人示意大家就把车子停在原地，和他走路过去。
酒馆不远，就在街对面。
探险队众人进入酒馆，闻到食物的香气，一个个肚子都咕噜噜叫起来。
酒馆的女店主人非常热情，看到这么多人进来，就招呼起来。
姚浩等人要菜单。
女店主笑着说他们这里没有菜单，都是他们做什么，客人就吃什么。
探险队众人纷纷叫，不管是什么，只要是吃的就端上来，他们现在饿得什么都吃得下。
很快，酒馆的服务员和女店主一起就端上来热乎乎的红菜汤和刚烤出来的大列巴，饮料是当地人自己制作的莫尔斯，一种浆果制作的饮料。
探险队众人立刻埋头大吃，一个个都跟饿死鬼投胎似的。
王叶和师父们现在不饿，就没立刻进入酒馆吃喝，他们对这个村庄很好奇，就下车走了走。
大胡子老人看到王叶他们没有进入酒馆，就主动做了向导。
兰道知道自己的容貌太显眼，下车前就戴上了帽子和墨镜，还有口罩。
现在戴口罩外出的人很多，兰道这样打扮并不打眼。
闻笛和虫老为了配合他，也戴了口罩下车。
而且三人还使用了魔法中的忽略术，如此村人看到他们也不会特别在意他们。
大胡子老人就只和王叶说话，完全把三名成年人给忘到一边。
王叶询问老人：“村口那块石碑看起来很古老，写的是什么？”
大胡子老人笑道：“那是界碑，上面刻写的是古语，很多人都认不出来了。正面是古华夏语，意思是罗荒村，以前咱们西伯荒野也叫罗荒野。界碑背面是古鲜卑语。”
“这么说这个村庄存在时间很长了？”
“确实很长，就我所知就有一千多年的历史。而且我们这里偏僻，就算打仗也很少涉及到我们村，所以我们村保留下来很多古老建筑和习惯。”老人指着路边的房子笑着说：“你看我们的房子结实吧，这些房子的年头可都不短，这要在外面，都是古建筑。”
老人十分健谈，看到一块石头、一根柱子，都能说出它们的来历。
王叶就跟着老人在村里走了一圈。
他们还看到了一座很大的教堂。
“这座教堂建造的时间也很久了，不过自从建造教堂的传教士去世，我们这里就没有新的传教士过来，那座教堂现在就是村里大家开会的地方。”老人还建议王叶他们可以进去看看，说那里进出自由。
“马上就要天黑了，你们晚上可以住在酒馆，也可以住在我家。酒馆那边房间不多，如果你们不介意可以挤一挤。”
“不用了，我们就住房车上就可以。”
“那也行，现在不是冬天，你们住房车也不怕冻死。”老人笑呵呵地道：“不过我们这里只要入夜，就不欢迎有人在晚上出来乱逛，这是我们村的习俗之一，日出而作日入而息。请务必遵守！”
王叶心里打了个突，这种说是有什么习俗一定要遵守的地方，基本都会有一些古怪。
偏偏他们这次进来这么多人，那些探险队员，可不都是听话的乖宝宝，他们中肯定会有人因为好奇心或者不当回事等等，而打破这个习俗。
王叶在想着要不要去警告那些探险队员。 Wang Ye was thinking about whether to warn the expedition members.
但他就怕他越警告，越引起某些人的好奇心。 But he was afraid that the more he warned, the more it aroused the curiosity of some people.
王叶和三位师父进入酒馆时，村里的治安警已经在和姚浩等人说话。
When Wang Ye and the three masters entered the tavern, the village security police were already talking to Yao Hao and the others.
姚浩等人希望这边能派出救援，去寻找那失踪的十名游客。
Yao Hao and others hope that rescue can be dispatched here to find the ten missing tourists.
治安警记录了他们的信息，又详细询问人都是在哪里失踪的，还拿出地图让他们确认。
The police recorded their information, asked them in detail where they had disappeared, and showed them a map to confirm.
姚浩等人在地图上点出地点。 Yao Hao and others pointed out the location on the map.
治安警看了看，面色没有任何异常地道：“我知道了，我们会找人去看看。不过有些事，我必须跟你们事先说明。虽然你们是游客，我们本应该有义务去救援你们，但你们是自由行，进入的地点也不是我们建议的旅游景点，而寻人和救人都有一定危险性，更需要雇佣人手和耗费物资等，所以救援费用需要你们承担。当然，你们也可以联络你们的大使馆。要怎么做，你们自己决定。”
The security police looked at it, and said without any abnormality: "I know, we will find someone to take a look." But there are some things that I have to explain to you beforehand. Although you are tourists, we should have the obligation to rescue you, but you are traveling independently, and the location you enter is not the tourist attraction we suggest, and there is a certain danger in finding and rescuing people, and you need to hire manpower and consume materials, etc., so you need to bear the rescue costs. Of course, you can also contact your embassy. What to do, you decide. ”
探险队员们的意见分成两拨，有人建议先联系大使馆，有人建议先赶紧救人。
The opinions of the expedition members were divided into two groups, some suggested contacting the embassy first, and others suggested rushing to save people first.
“失踪者的救援费用难道也要我们出吗？如果能救回来，还能让人还钱，如果救不出来呢？这钱不就要我们支付了？”
"Do we also have to pay for the rescue of the missing? If it can be saved, it can still make people pay back, but what if it can't be saved? Aren't we going to have to pay for it? ”
“我们先支付，如果能把人救出来最好，如果不能……之后可以联系他们的家人。”
"We pay first, if we can get people out, it's best, if not...... Their families can be contacted afterwards. ”
“他们家人不承认怎么办？说不定还要把那些失踪者失踪的责任栽到我们头上，要我们赔偿什么的。”
"What if their families don't admit it? Maybe the responsibility for the disappearance of those missing people will be placed on our heads, and we will be asked to pay compensation or something. ”
“救援不救援的，现在还说不准。说不定那些人就不是失踪，而是故意离开。”
"If the rescue is not rescued, it is still uncertain. Maybe those people didn't go missing, but left on purpose. ”
“还是上报大使馆吧，我们只是共同出来旅游的，又不是那些人的家人，凭什么负责他们的救援？”
"Let's report to the embassy, we just traveled together, and we are not the family members of those people, so why should we be responsible for their rescue?"
“就是啊，都不关我们的事，这事就算找负责人，也应该找团长鲁一丰。”
"That's right, it's none of our business, even if we find the person in charge of this matter, we should also find the head of the regiment, Lu Yifeng."
最后，姚浩几个只能先打电话联系大使馆。 In the end, Yao Hao could only call the embassy first.
可不知道是不是到了下班时间，他们打了半天电话，也没人接。
I don't know if it's time to get off work, they called for a long time, but no one answered.
探险队员们还想使用网络联系家里，结果发现这个村子竟然没有网络。
The expedition members also wanted to use the Internet to contact their families, but it turned out that there was no Internet in the village.
幸好电话还能打得通，大家纷纷打电话给家里说明情况。
Fortunately, the phone was still available, and everyone called home to explain the situation.
有些家长担心孩子，就要到这边来接人。 Some parents are worried about their children and have to come here to pick them up.
当地治安警也跟姚浩等人说明，就算他们要出去找人，也要等到明天，他们不会在晚上出去。
The local security police also explained to Yao Hao and others that even if they were going out to find someone, they would have to wait until tomorrow, and they would not go out at night.
之后，女店主把这些客人都安顿进客房，并跟他们说明了村子里的一些必须遵守的习俗，其中就包括日落后就不要外出这一点。
The shopkeeper then settled the guests into their rooms and explained to them some of the customs that must be observed in the village, including not going out after sunset.
大家纷纷答应，但有没有听进心里，那就不知道了。 Everyone agreed, but whether they listened to it or not, I don't know.
王叶和师父们这时也进入了房车。
“师父们，你们觉得这个村子怎么样？”王叶问。
虫老第一个说道：“看似很正常。”
闻笛接口：“魔力涌动和荒野那边差不多，比城市多，但也没多多少。”
兰道最后道：“人都是活人，气血很旺盛。”
王叶忽有所感，从虫巢里看出去，就见酒馆的窗户边，钱丽的脸正贴在窗户上向外看。
第337章 不能违反的四个习俗
冷不丁的，这张脸真的能吓人一跳。
王叶顺着钱丽的目光看过去。
这时村里路上已经没有一个行人，而现在是晚上23：19分。
现在是夏季，西伯荒野的白天很长，落日要到晚上23点以后，零点后天才会真正黑下来，清晨五点左右就能看到天亮，日出则要等到六点前后。
所以现在还不算黑，村里路灯也还算明亮，每隔五十米左右就有一盏，周围环境也能看得比较清楚。就是……偏黄色的灯光本应该给人温暖感，可也许因为路上不见一个人影的缘故，竟有点鬼气森森。
王叶什么也没有看到，只看到地面起了一层淡淡的雾气。
这种雾气在荒郊野外和城市外的村落中很常见，尤其在比较潮湿的环境。
但王叶对这突然冒出的雾气还是起了一点警惕心，他隔绝了虫巢和外界的空气流通，这对地方广大的虫巢没有丝毫影响。
虫巢现在因为有大量植物，在光合作用下就产生了氧气，进而循环。
加上虫巢有高低差和温差，就产生了自然风。
而有风就能让空气流动，所以哪怕和外界空气隔绝，也不用担心虫巢中会缺氧。
实际上虫巢现在就是一个小世界。
酒馆外的雾气一点点蔓延，顺着窗户缝隙钻入了窗子中。
雾气逐渐接近钱丽，靠近她的脸，一直上升到她的眼睛。
数秒后，钱丽的表情陡然变得狰狞无比。
她的眼睛也流露出刻骨的恨意。
一股黑气从钱丽身体中弥漫出来。
王叶心脏一跳，猛然转头看向酒馆窗户。
钱丽已经不在那儿。
因为钱丽夫妇，加上大胡子老人的警告，王叶没睡觉，他把精神力蔓延出去，一直在注意酒馆和这个村落的情况。他没把精神力延伸入客房，怕自己看到不该看的东西，长针眼。
一般人根本无法维持这么大面积和长时间的精神力扫射，但王叶就能。
几位师父也不禁在心中惊叹徒弟精神力强得变态，这几乎是比他们还强了。
钱丽和薛辉，因为没有人能看见他们，他们自然没有被分配住房，这对夫妻就在大堂里坐了一个晚上。
实际上，这时候谁看见钱丽夫妇都知道他们不对劲。
夫妻两个面对面坐着，没有说话，也没有站起来活动，就像蜡像一样坐在那儿。
王叶把大部分注意力都分给了这两人，就怕他们半夜暴走，跑去祸害那些探险队员。
清晨两点，万籁俱寂，村里除了到处弥漫的淡淡雾气，连狗叫声都没有，而且家家户户都关了灯，只有昏黄的路灯亮着。
王叶也没浪费时间，他正在死记硬背华夏古文字，也包括古鲜卑语。
每次回到地球这边，他都会上电子图书馆下载一堆东西，给自己的鉴定术增加底蕴。电子图书馆没有的，他就去实体图书馆去借览翻阅。
这次回来时间较长，他在冰城图书馆待了两天，利用百科全书的特性扫记了不少资料，其中就有各个时期的古文字对照。
但百科全书记录下来，不代表他已经学会，所以这会儿他需要把这些知识反刍出来，重新温习。
王叶正看到和界碑上类似的古鲜卑语，他才解读了几个字，延伸出去的精神力就“看到”酒馆后面传来动静。
是马伟。
也算是意料之中？
马伟背着一个双肩包，打开了酒馆后门，悄悄溜了出来。
王叶就看到这个人一路小跑，跑到那辆面包车那儿，开门上车，发动车辆，连车灯都没打，调转车头就往村外开去。
王叶正想着要不要跟上去，就见面包车的窗户里出现了两个模糊的人影。
王叶不动了。
钱丽和薛辉既然上了马伟的车，那么这个马伟绝对逃不掉。
Since Qian Li and Xue Hui got into Ma Wei's car, this Ma Wei will definitely not be able to escape.
在看到因果卷上这对夫妻的死因后，王叶就知道这对夫妻只要恢复临死前的记忆，肯定不会放过马伟。
同时王叶也验证了一点，这对夫妻应该在昨晚就知道自己已经死了，否则他们不会突然出现在面包车中。
At the same time, Wang Ye also verified that the couple should have known that they were dead last night, otherwise they would not have suddenly appeared in the van.
就是不知道这对夫妻是怎么知道他们已经死亡，王叶懊恼，昨晚钱丽肯定看到了什么，但他没有注意到。
I just don't know how the couple knew that they were dead, Wang Ye was annoyed, Qian Li must have seen something last night, but he didn't notice.
雷木用精神力碰了碰他：“看来那对夫妻的死亡，九成和那个地导有关。要跟上去看看吗？有些幽灵复仇后就会消散，但也有一些会变成固执的阴魂，祸害其他无辜者。”
Lei Mu touched him with his spiritual power: "It seems that the death of that couple is ninety percent related to that earth guide." Want to keep up and have a look? Some ghosts will dissipate after revenge, but others will become stubborn ghosts that plague other innocent people. ”
“我觉得那对夫妻还会回来。”虽然这么说，王叶决定还是听雷木的，跟上去看看。
"I think the couple will come back." Having said that, Wang Ye decided to listen to Lei Mu and follow him to have a look.
他在原地留下房车的影像，实际是让虫巢隐形，跟上了那辆面包车。
He left the image of the RV in place, which actually made the hive invisible and followed the van.
王叶到底有些担心那些探险队员，把大黑留下，让它监视那些人。小光也留下了，美其名曰有她在，可以方便给王叶传讯。
Wang Ye was a little worried about those expedition members, so he left Da Hei behind and let it spy on those people. Xiaoguang also stayed, and in the name of her, she could easily send a message to Wang Ye.
大黑很高兴小光能留下来陪它。 Daikoku is glad that Hikaru can stay with him.
面包车一开始还是开在正规路上，从村庄出来就有一条水泥路，继续往南开，可以到达一条柏油公路，顺着公路往下行驶，就能到达附近最大的城市。
The van started out on the regular road, with a concrete road coming out of the village, and continuing south to an asphalt road, which led down to the largest city nearby.
但不知马伟是怎么想的，他竟然在快要到达公路时偏离了路线，从水泥路转向另一条小路。
But I don't know what Ma Wei thought, he actually deviated from the route when he was about to reach the highway and turned from the concrete road to another path.
小路就是一条野路，四面都是灌木丛和杂草。 The trail is a wild road, surrounded by bushes and weeds.
面包车在那条路上开得颠簸不已。 The van was bumpy on that road.
但就算如此，马伟也没有想要换条路。 But even so, Ma Wei didn't want to take a different path.
跟了一个多小时，王叶发现马伟竟然在走回头路。 After following for more than an hour, Wang Ye found that Ma Wei was actually walking back.
不是回村庄，而是回他们之前出来的荒野。 Not back to the village, but back to the wilderness out of which they had come before.
马伟通过小路，完美绕开了那个村庄。 Ma Wei passed through the path and perfectly bypassed the village.
“这些雾气似乎一直没有散开。”闻笛忽然道。 "The fog doesn't seem to have lifted." Wen Di said suddenly.
疯药王兴冲冲道：“我们出去看看。” The mad medicine king said excitedly: "Let's go out and have a look." ”
“好。”闻笛起身。 "Okay." Wen Di got up.
“加我一个。”兰道拍拍欲言又止的王叶：“不用担心，有问题我们会直接传送回你家。”
"Add me one." Lan Dao patted Wang Ye, who was about to speak: "Don't worry, if there is a problem, we will directly teleport back to your home." ”
随后，闻笛、兰道和疯药王就一起离开虫巢，走入荒野。
Afterwards, Wendi, Landau, and the Mad Medicine King left the hive together and walked into the wilderness.
王叶心脏突然在此时咚咚狂跳起来，他想叫住几位师父，但就在这时，马伟似乎发现了什么，他在车内惊慌大叫，拼命想要转移方向盘，但方向盘就像是被固定死了，不管他怎么用力掰动，面包车仍旧向荒野方向驶去。
Wang Ye's heart suddenly pounded at this time, he wanted to stop a few masters, but at this moment, Ma Wei seemed to have discovered something, he panicked in the car, desperately trying to transfer the steering wheel, but the steering wheel seemed to be fixed, no matter how hard he struck, the van still drove in the direction of the wilderness.
王叶看到面包车内，原本坐在椅子上的钱丽站了起来。 Wang Ye saw the van, and Qian Li, who was originally sitting on a chair, stood up.
“老大，你快点回来！出事了！”小光的声音陡然在他脑中响起。
"Boss, come back quickly! Something happened! Xiaoguang's voice suddenly sounded in his head.
“出什么事？”王叶一边注意面包车内，一边在想要不要叫回几位师父。
"What's wrong?" Wang Ye was paying attention to the inside of the van while wondering whether to call back a few masters.
小光：“我不知道，我就听到了酒馆那边传来惨叫声，大黑现在带我进入了酒馆客房，刚刚有人跑了出来，跑出了酒馆大门。”
Xiaoguang: "I don't know, I heard screams from the tavern, and Da Hei now led me into the tavern room, and someone just ran out and ran out of the tavern door." ”
王叶下意识看向天空。 Wang Ye subconsciously looked at the sky.
这时天还没亮，四点不到。 At this time, it was not yet dawn, and it was not yet four o'clock.
就这么一转神，王叶忽然听到一声巨响。 As soon as he turned his mind, Wang Ye suddenly heard a loud noise.
面包车撞到了一株大树上。 The van crashed into a large tree.
面包车头都被撞瘪了进去。 The front of the van was smashed in.
再看马伟，整个脑袋都砸在了前挡玻璃上，脑浆迸裂，死得不能再死。
Looking at Ma Wei again, his whole head smashed on the front windshield, his brain burst out, and he couldn't die anymore.
王叶再看向车内，却见钱丽夫妇已经失去踪影。
看向周围，也没有钱丽夫妇的影子。
王叶只好呼唤小光：“小光，你们有没有看到钱丽和薛辉夫妻俩？”
小光过了两秒回答：“没有，没看到他们。”
王叶皱眉，索性从虫巢中出来，走向那辆面包车。
虫老也出来了，他和闻笛兰道他们早就安排好，不管如何，他们都会留至少一人在王叶身边守护他，直到王叶成年。
“这雾气……”王叶惊讶了。
虫老也挑了挑眉：“很浓厚的魔力，比魔力喷发点的魔力也不差什么了。如果你们这边一直都处在这么浓郁的魔力环境下，要不了多久你们这里就会出现你说的魔法文明。”
王叶在面包车里外都查找了一遍，没有发现任何异常，乍一看，这辆车就是出了车祸。
但当王叶检查马伟的尸体时，他发现了新的线索：“他的灵魂消失了，干干净净。”
按理，刚死的人，灵魂就算溃散也没有这么快。
可王叶没在尸体身上和周围感知到半点马伟的灵魂。
“如果是钱丽夫妇俩搞的鬼，他们的速度怎么可能这么快？”王叶用手机拍下车祸现场照片，没动现场一点东西。
“这雾气有点意思。”虫老摸下巴，“你闻笛师父和疯药王应该是看出了什么，他们刚才鬼鬼祟祟说悄悄话，没让我们听到。”
王叶促狭地笑：“他们只躲着您吗？”
“兰道也没听到，他故意跟上去，就是想看看他们想干什么。”虫老眼里有笑意。他觉得闻笛也是故意的，故意在钓鱼。
车祸现场没有什么好查的了，王叶掉转头，飞速赶往罗荒村。
小光已经在他脑子里叫了几次，酒馆那边似乎出了大问题。
王叶赶到酒馆外面时，就见整条街除了酒馆里面，其他地方竟然都还是安安静静，没有一个人出门。
酒馆前门锁着，王叶就从被人打开的后门进去了。
酒馆后院就是住宿区，布局很像是华夏的四合院，四面都有房子。
酒馆就是前脸倒座房。
东厢房和西厢房的两栋石造楼就是给客人住的住宿楼。
正房就是酒馆主人一家住的房屋。
这会儿，探险队的人都出来了，全都站在走廊上，大部分集中在一个房间外。
大黑蹲坐在院子里，在守护这些人。
不过探险队的人看到大黑都很害怕，深夜里，雾气中，大黑那相对于狗狗来说巨大的身体蹲坐在院子里，看起来太像怪兽。
小光已经隐身飞入房间，查看发生了什么事。
王叶再看正房那边，竟然连灯都没点亮。而这么大动静，酒馆主人一家不可能没听到。
“发生了什么事？”王叶和虫老就像是听到动静，从房车刚赶过来一样。
姚浩和葛杰看到王叶和虫老过来，就跟看到主心骨一样，连忙靠过来，快速说道：“队伍里一个王八蛋竟然对一个女孩用强，那女孩反抗，他把人捅伤逃走了。”
“报警了吗？”王叶正儿八经地问。
姚浩一呆，“哦，对，报警！”
但他们没有一个人知道当地治安警的电话，有人要去找酒馆主人。
王叶阻止他们：“还记得那个老爷子说的话吗？让我们晚上不要走出房间，现在大家在走廊里也就算了，但最好不要离开房屋范围。”
“奇怪，我们动静这么大，怎么老板一家跟没听到似的？我们不会进入什么鬼村了吧？”姚浩摸摸自己的胳膊，只觉得汗毛倒竖。
这个村子到了晚上就如此诡异，再加上他们目前为止遇到的事情，实在怪不得他们会多想。
The village was so strange at night, and with what had happened to them so far, it was no wonder they thought about it.
“不要自己吓自己好不好！”葛杰骂。 "Don't scare yourself, okay!" Ge Jie scolded.
其他几人看到王叶和虫老过来，也都挤到他们身边，大概觉得安全。可这会儿听到姚浩这么说，他们又哆哆嗦嗦起来，就连看王叶和虫老的眼神都十分怪异。
Several other people saw Wang Ye and Worm coming over, and they all crowded around them, probably feeling safe. But when they heard Yao Hao say this at this moment, they trembled again, and even looked at Wang Ye and the insect elder with very strange eyes.
他们可是被这两人从鬼打墙中救出，又被他们护送到了这个村子。
They were rescued from the ghost wall by these two men, and they escorted them to the village.
王叶看到这些人恐惧怀疑的目光，没好气地翻白眼：“这世上哪来那么多鬼怪，子不语怪力乱神，建国后不许成精，你们就是想太多。”
Wang Ye saw the frightened and suspicious eyes of these people, and rolled his eyes angrily: "Where are there so many ghosts and monsters in this world, the son is silent and strange, and he is not allowed to become a spirit after the founding of the country, you just think too much." ”
“这不是外国么？”有人小小声说。 "Isn't this a foreign country?" Someone whispered.
王叶：“……人家说最好晚上不要出门，应该跟晚上这里会起雾有关。我们家有好几位学医的，推测这雾气可能有毒，就像传说中的瘴气，吸入太多不好，有可能会产生幻觉。没看我和我师父都戴着口罩吗？”
Wang Ye: "...... People say it's best not to go out at night, which should have something to do with the fog here at night. There are several medical students in our family, and it is speculated that this mist may be poisonous, just like the legendary miasma, it is not good to inhale too much, and it may cause hallucinations. Didn't you see that my master and I were both wearing masks? ”
原来如此。众人肉眼可见的松了口气，只要有科学解释就好。有人当场就想回房拿口罩，又不敢一个人回去。
I see. Everyone breathed a sigh of relief visibly with the naked eye, as long as there was a scientific explanation. Some people wanted to go back to their rooms to get masks on the spot, but they didn't dare to go back alone.
“那老板一家为什么没半点动静？灯都没亮。”姚浩颤抖问。
"Then why hasn't the boss's family moved? The lights are not on. Yao Hao asked tremblingly.
“人家懒得管闲事呗。行了，别多想了。”王叶一挥手，特别大大咧咧地道：“你们要是害怕，就集中到一个房间，凑合住一个晚上。现在已经快四点，再过一个多小时，天就亮了。”
"People are too lazy to meddle. Okay, don't think about it. Wang Ye waved his hand and said with a big grin: "If you are afraid, gather in one room and make do with it for one night." It's almost four o'clock, and in another hour or so, it's dawn. ”
大概看王叶一个小少年都不害怕，其他人也都跟着镇定许多。
Probably seeing that Wang Ye was not afraid of a young man, and the others were much calmer.
最后众人商量，按照性别，分别集中到两个房间。女孩们人数比较少，希望同屋能来两个男生，最后选了姚浩和葛杰。
In the end, everyone discussed, and according to their gender, they were divided into two rooms. The number of girls was relatively small, and they hoped that there would be two boys in the same room, so Yao Hao and Ge Jie were finally chosen.
小光已经在跟王叶汇报情况：“一个女孩受伤了，但伤势不重，只擦破皮。问题是，和她同屋的女孩失踪了一个，但现在因为很乱，其他人还没有发现。”
Xiaoguang was already reporting the situation to Wang Ye: "A girl was injured, but the injury was not serious, only the skin was broken. The problem is that one of the girls in the same room with her is missing, but now because it is very messy, no one else has found it. ”
王叶头疼：“失踪？好端端的怎么会突然失踪？失踪的是谁？”
Wang Ye had a headache: "Missing? How could a good one suddenly disappear? Who is missing? ”
小光正在召集虫群收集情报，过了一会儿告诉王叶：“是一个叫魏玲琳的女孩，她在我和大黑赶到前就失踪了。有个女孩叫她的名字没找到，我们才发现这点。你最好能亲自过来问个清楚，否则他们可能还要等一段时间才能发现有人失踪。”
Xiaoguang was gathering the insect swarm to gather information, and after a while, he told Wang Ye: "It's a girl named Wei Linglin, she disappeared before Da Hei and I arrived." We found out that a girl called her name and didn't find it. You'd better come over and ask in person, or they might have to wait a while before they find out that someone is missing. ”
“那个刺伤人的，你知道他现在哪里吗？”王叶问。 "Do you know where he is?" Wang Ye asked.
小光：“咿！大黑让我不要把虫子放出去，它说这里的雾气有点怪。”
Xiaoguang: "Bah! Big Black told me not to let the bugs out, and it said the fog was a bit weird. ”
王叶看向仍旧蹲坐在院子中的大黑：好嘛，也就是说，现在失踪人口又多一个。
Wang Ye looked at Da Hei, who was still squatting in the courtyard: Okay, that is to say, there is one more missing person now.
不等王叶提醒，姚浩他们已经发现少了两个人。 Without waiting for Wang Ye to remind, Yao Hao and the others had already found that there were two people missing.
在失去团长鲁一丰后，热情外向三观又正的姚浩就隐隐成了这个团队的领头人，姚浩也不想多事，但在别人都不想担事的情况下，他只能站出来。
After losing the head of the group, Lu Yifeng, Yao Hao, who was enthusiastic and outgoing, became the leader of the team, Yao Hao didn't want to do much, but when others didn't want to take care of it, he could only stand up.
分成两个房间后，姚浩先清点人数，除了逃走的金朗，男队员中还少了一个马伟。而女队员那边则少了一个爱扎马尾辫的女孩魏玲琳。
After dividing into two rooms, Yao Hao counted the number of people first, in addition to Jin Lang, who escaped, there was one less Ma Wei among the male team members. On the female team's side, there is one less girl Wei Linglin who loves ponytails.
被刺伤的女孩叫费千金，她提供了很宝贵的消息：“金朗敲门，我没理他。但他又敲，我怕他吵醒其他人，只好去开门问他什么事，他跟我说，他看到玲琳走出后院，叫她，她也没理，让我最好去看看情况。玲琳和我同屋，我听金朗这么说，就转头去看玲琳的床，果然没看到人，我又到卫生间找人，也没找到。结果金朗就在这时候走进来，对我说一些乱七八糟的话，我骂他，他竟然……”
The girl who was stabbed was named Fei Qianjin, and she provided valuable information: "Jin Lang knocked on the door, I ignored him. But he knocked again, I was afraid that he would wake up the others, so I had to open the door and ask him what was wrong, and he told me that he saw Linglin come out of the backyard and called her, but she ignored it, and told me to go and see the situation. Linglin and I were in the same room, I heard Jin Lang say this, so I turned my head to look at Linglin's bed, and sure enough, I didn't see anyone, I went to the bathroom to look for someone, but I didn't find it. As a result, Jin Lang walked in at this time, and said some nonsense to me, and I scolded him, and he actually ......"
费千金咬住嘴唇，眼里都是泪水。 Fei Qianjin bit her lip, and her eyes were full of tears.
旁边一个短发女孩突然说：“老板娘说了，村子里有四个不能违反的习俗，第一个是不能在入夜后外出，第二个就是不能背后说人……”
A short-haired girl next to her suddenly said: "The proprietress said that there are four customs in the village that cannot be violated, the first is not to go out after dark, and the second is not to talk about people behind their backs......"
短发女孩身体微微发颤，双眼盛满恐惧：“我们吃过饭回到房间，大家还不想马上睡觉，就聚在一起说话，期间几次提到金朗，玲琳最反感金朗，说他说得最难听。”
The short-haired girl's body trembled slightly, and her eyes were full of fear: "We returned to the room after dinner, and everyone didn't want to go to bed right away, so we got together to talk, during which Jin Lang was mentioned several times, and Ling Lin was the most disgusted with Jin Lang, saying that he said the most ugly." ”
短发女孩要哭了，“我们这是背后说人吧？虽然我们说得都是事实，但这也是背后说人对不对？我们违反了这里的习俗，所以玲琳才会失踪。”
The short-haired girl was about to cry, "We're talking about people behind our backs, right?" Although we are telling the truth, this is also the person behind the scenes, right? We violated the customs here, which is why Linglin disappeared. ”
王叶听到女孩哭就头大，连忙提高声音：“镇定镇定！我们先搞清楚魏玲琳失踪的详细时间。费千金是吧，你还记得你们是几点回房睡觉，期间你有没有听到魏玲琳打开房门离开的声音？”
Wang Ye's head was big when he heard the girl crying, and he hurriedly raised his voice: "Calm down!" Let's first find out the detailed time of Wei Linglin's disappearance. Fei Qianjin, do you remember what time you went back to bed, did you hear Wei Linglin open the door and leave? ”
费千金摇头，眼睛通红地说：“我们说过话回到房间大约十二点多一点，之后我们就睡下了，因为太过疲累，我睡得很熟，听到金朗的敲门声才被惊醒，但那时我也迷迷糊糊的，直到金朗提醒，我才发现玲琳不在屋里。”
Fei Qianjin shook his head, his eyes were red and said: "We talked and returned to the room about a little after twelve o'clock, and then we went to sleep, because I was too tired, I slept very soundly, and I was awakened when I heard Jin Lang's knock on the door, but I was also in a daze at that time, and it wasn't until Jin Lang reminded me that I found that Linglin was not in the house." ”
“而金朗具体是几点来找的你？” "And what time did Jin Lang come to you?"
“我不知道，我那时根本就没注意时间。”费千金流泪。
"I don't know, I didn't pay attention to the time at all." Fei Qianjin shed tears.
姚浩举手：“我听到尖叫时，下意识拿起手机看了下时间，那时是3:42分。”
Yao Hao raised his hand: "When I heard the scream, I subconsciously picked up my phone and looked at the time, it was 3:42 at that time. ”
费千金闻言，忙擦擦眼泪道：“我和金朗闹起来大概有几分钟，也许十几分钟。”
When Fei Qianjin heard this, he hurriedly wiped his tears and said, "I had a quarrel with Jin Lang for about a few minutes, maybe ten minutes. ”
王叶点点头：“也就是说，如果金朗说的是真的，魏玲琳的失踪时间约是3:20到3:30左右。如果金朗说谎，那么魏玲琳就是在两点到三点半这段时间内失踪。”
Wang Ye nodded: "In other words, if what Jin Lang said is true, Wei Linglin's disappearance time is about 3:20 to 3:30." If Jin Lang lied, then Wei Linglin disappeared between two and three and a half o'clock. ”
“为什么是两点？”一名男队员问，这位是两名驴友之一。
"Why two points?" A male team member asked, this is one of the two travelers.
王叶如实道：“因为之前我和我家人都没有睡觉，两点整，我们看到马伟从后院出来，开了面包车走了。另外，我们还看到钱丽和薛辉也跟上了马伟的车。”
Wang Ye said truthfully: "Because my family and I didn't sleep before, at two o'clock, we saw Ma Wei come out of the backyard and drive away in a van." In addition, we also saw that Qian Li and Xue Hui also followed Ma Wei's car. ”
王叶提到马伟时还好，当他提到钱丽和薛辉这两个名字，好几个人都打了个冷颤。
Wang Ye was fine when he mentioned Ma Wei, but when he mentioned the names Qian Li and Xue Hui, several people shuddered.
“我就说那对夫妻俩会失踪和马伟有关！”刚才提问的驴友说道。
"I said that the disappearance of the couple had something to do with Ma Wei!" The traveler who asked the question just now said.
“为什么这么说？”姚浩问他。 "Why do you say that?" Yao Hao asked him.
那驴友回答：“我偶尔一次听到马伟跟那对夫妻吵架，似乎是跟那对夫妻索要什么东西，但那对夫妻没给马伟。听发音像是项链，也像是咸点，我听得不是很清楚。然后没两天，我们扎营，我看到马伟又单独去找了那对夫妻一次，他们在面包车里说话，我没凑过去听。之后马伟脸色很不好地从车上下来，我没看到那对夫妻从面包车出来，但晚上篝火会，他们出现了。次日那对夫妻就失踪了。”
The traveler replied: "I occasionally heard Ma Wei quarrel with the couple, it seems that he asked the couple for something, but the couple didn't give it to Ma Wei." It sounds like a necklace and a salty dot, and I can't hear it very clearly. Then, two days later, we set up camp, and I saw Ma Wei go to the couple alone again, and they were talking in the van, and I didn't come over to listen. After that, Ma Wei got out of the car with a very bad face, I didn't see the couple get out of the van, but at the bonfire party in the evening, they appeared. The couple disappeared the next day. ”
王叶想到姚浩等人对那对夫妻在扎营第一个晚上的表现描述，怀疑那天晚上那对夫妻就已经被杀死，而且杀害地点就在面包车上。
Wang Ye thought of Yao Hao and others' description of the couple's performance on the first night of camping, and suspected that the couple had been killed that night, and the place of killing was in the van.
之后马伟应该是找了个时间，开了面包车去抛尸。 After that, Ma Wei should have found a time and drove a van to throw the corpse.
“你怎么不早说？”有人埋怨。 "Why didn't you say it earlier?" Some people complained.
那驴友苦笑：“这种没有证据的事怎么好说？又是在荒郊野外，我可不想因为随便说话，就招惹一个给我们带路的地导。更何况马伟后来还拿出了枪！我原本想等到回到文明世界，如果那对夫妻仍旧找不回来，再跟警察交代。”
The traveler smiled bitterly: "How can you say this kind of thing without evidence?" It's in the middle of nowhere, and I don't want to provoke a guide who will show us the way because I talk casually. What's more, Ma Wei later took out a gun! I had wanted to wait until I got back to civilization and if the couple still couldn't be found, I'd talk to the police. ”
“冤有头债有主，马伟既然被那对夫妻跟上，我们就可以不用管他了，最多明天也帮他报个失踪。但魏玲琳和金朗怎么办？”说话的人看向王叶和虫老。
"Since Ma Wei was followed by that couple, we can leave him alone, and at most help him report his disappearance tomorrow. But what about Wei Linglin and Jin Lang? The person who spoke looked at Wang Ye and the insect elder.
“还能怎么办？”王叶一摊手：“当然是等天亮，报警。报警没用，就找咱们国家的大使馆。”
"What else can I do?" Wang Ye spread his hands: "Of course, wait for dawn and call the police." It's useless to call the police, so I will find the embassy of our country. ”
事情貌似到此为止，但几个女孩仍旧在担惊受怕，尤其是几个背后说金朗不是的女孩，她们特别在意那个不能打破的第二条习俗。
It seems that this is the end of the matter, but several girls are still frightened, especially the girls who say that Jin Lang is not behind their backs, and they are especially concerned about the second custom that cannot be broken.
大概是因为王叶能看到钱丽夫妇，胆子又大，女孩们恳求王叶今晚也留在她们房里，直到天亮。
Probably because Wang Ye could see Qian Li and his wife, he was bold and bold, and the girls begged Wang Ye to stay in their room tonight until dawn.
王叶答应了，反正还有一个多小时，天就亮了。 Wang Ye agreed, anyway, there was still more than an hour, and the sky would be bright.
屋里没有人说话，大家明明很困也不敢睡觉。 No one spoke in the house, and everyone was obviously sleepy and did not dare to sleep.
王叶看姚浩和葛杰凑过来一副要跟他彻夜长聊的模样，干脆哼了一首安眠曲。
Wang Ye saw Yao Hao and Ge Jie coming over and looked like they were going to talk to him all night, so he simply hummed a lullaby.
安眠曲哼到一半，这个屋子里的人就全都躺在床上、睡袋里睡着了。
Halfway through the lullaby, all the people in the room fell asleep in their beds and sleeping bags.
王叶让大黑和小光去了隔壁屋，大黑蹲坐在房间一角，让整个房间看起来更加拥挤，这个房间的男队员们也因为各种情绪睡不着觉，但在听到隔壁屋传来的低微安眠曲时，没一会儿也都躺下了。
Wang Ye let Da Hei and Xiao Guang go to the next room, Da Hei squatted in the corner of the room, making the whole room look more crowded, and the male players in this room couldn't sleep because of various emotions, but when they heard the low lullaby from the next room, they all lay down after a while.
次日，剩下的所有队员都起迟了。 The next day, all the remaining team members got up late.
姚浩起来后先是联络当地治安警说明情况，又让葛杰打电话给大使馆寻求帮助。
After Yao Hao got up, he first contacted the local security police to explain the situation, and then asked Ge Jie to call the embassy for help.
这次电话一打就通了。 This time, the call was made as soon as it was called.
王叶回到了房车上，虫老正在玩他的虫子，他也放出了一群虫子去收集信息。
Wang Ye returned to the RV, the worm was playing with his bugs, and he also released a group of bugs to collect information.
“我昨晚放出去的虫子都消失了。”虫老淡淡说道。 "The bugs I let out last night are gone." The worm elder said lightly.
王叶一把挽住大黑的脖子：“黑啊，你晚上为什么让小光不要派虫子出去？”
Wang Ye grabbed Da Hei's neck: "Hei, why did you ask Xiaoguang not to send bugs out at night?" ”
大黑：“汪！” Big Black: "Wang! ”
“直觉？” "Intuition?"
“汪！” "Wang!"
“你觉得雾气是活的？有意识？” "You think the fog is alive? Conscious? ”
“汪汪！”大黑突然冲着王叶身后叫。 "Wow!" Da Hei suddenly shouted behind Wang Ye.
王叶扭头，就看到他们的房车外，有人正对着窗户探头探脑。
Wang Ye turned his head and saw that outside their RV, someone was probing his head into the window.
王叶唰地拉开车门，探头：“您老中午好，有什么事吗？”
Wang Ye pulled the car door and probed: "Good afternoon, what is the matter?" ”
大胡子老人表情有点不太好，顺势踩上房车阶梯，说道：“我们里面说。”
The bearded old man's expression was a little unpleasant, and he stepped on the RV steps and said, "Let's talk inside." ”
王叶笑笑，让开身体，让大胡子老人进入房车中。 Wang Ye smiled, got out of the way, and let the bearded old man enter the RV.
房车内部说不上豪华，但看起来特别整齐和干净，位于车尾的卧室门和位于侧边的卫生间门关着，其他地方都能一眼看到底。
The interior of the motorhome is not luxurious, but it looks very neat and clean, with the bedroom door at the rear and the bathroom door at the side closed, so you can see the bottom of the rest of the car at a glance.
整体来说，这个房车内部和任何房车都没有什么大的区别。
Overall, the interior of this motorhome is not much different from any motorhome.
坐在窗户边正在查看一个很小的虫箱的虫老抬头，对大胡子老人点点头。
The old worm, who was sitting by the window and checking a small wormbox, looked up and nodded to the bearded old man.
大胡子老人像是才注意到虫老：“就你们两位？我记得你们好像……有好几个人？”
The bearded old man seemed to have just noticed the worm elder: "Just the two of you?" I remember you guys like...... How many people? ”
“你来有什么事吗？”虫老不冷不淡地问。 "Is there anything you are doing here?" Worm Elder asked lukewarmly.
大胡子老人迫于虫老的气势，不敢再多询问，而是在虫老对面坐下，说道：“我昨天就跟你们的人说过，一定要遵守我们村的习俗，可看看你们都做了什么！”
The bearded old man was forced by the momentum of the insect elder and did not dare to ask any more, but sat down opposite the insect elder and said, "I told your people yesterday that you must abide by the customs of our village, but look at what you have done!" ”
老人很愤怒。 The old man was furious.
虫老眼神冰冷：“你们？” The old worm's eyes were cold: "You guys? ”
“……我知道你们不是一伙，但是你们一起来的。”老人牵强地道。
“…… I know you're not in a group, but you're here. The old man said far-fetched.
“所以？”虫老眼神锁着老人。 "So?" The old worm's eyes locked on the old man.
老人避开虫老的眼睛，快速道：“我希望你们赶紧离开。”
The old man avoided the insect elder's eyes and said quickly, "I want you to leave quickly." ”
“那失踪的那些人呢？”王叶插话。 "What about the missing people?" Wang Ye interjected.
老人：“警长已经在查。你们大使馆那边似乎也要派人过来，但我希望你们能都离开我们村，不要住在我们这里，你们在外面住帐篷也好，还是去其他村镇城市也好，总之，我们全村都希望你们离开。”
Old man: "The sheriff is already investigating." It seems that your embassy is going to send people over, but I hope that you can all leave our village, don't stay with us, live in tents outside, or go to other villages and towns, in short, our whole village wants you to leave. ”
王叶忽然道：“那个界碑背面刻的古鲜卑语不是村名，而是警告，对吗？”
Wang Ye suddenly said: "The ancient Xianbei language engraved on the back of that boundary monument is not the name of the village, but a warning, right?" ”
第338章 石碑中的秘密 Chapter 338: The Secret in the Stone Stele
老人瞪视着王叶，间隔了有五六秒才问道：“你懂古鲜卑语？”
The old man glared at Wang Ye, and after an interval of five or six seconds, he asked, "Do you know Gu Xianbei?" ”
王叶：“目前只弄懂一些，但结合上下文，大致能猜出来。”
Wang Ye: "At present, I only understand a little, but combined with the context, I can roughly guess it." ”
老人似乎不信，现在懂古鲜卑语的人非常少，就连他们村都是因为口口相传才知道是什么意思，这么一个看起来顶多十三四岁的少年，他能看懂那已经失传的文字？
The old man didn't seem to believe it, there are very few people who understand the ancient Xianbei language now, and even their village only knows what it means because of word of mouth, such a young man who looks at most thirteen or fourteen years old, can he understand the words that have been lost?
王叶见老人不信，就说了他理解的意思：“日落勿出，坏话勿说，井水勿饮，狗肉勿食。对吗？”
Wang Ye saw that the old man didn't believe it, so he said what he understood: "Don't go out at sunset, don't say bad things, don't drink well water, and don't eat dog meat." Is that right? ”
老人震惊地看向王叶，久久才道：“不是狗肉，是狼肉。”
The old man looked at Wang Ye in shock, and said for a long time: "It's not dog meat, it's wolf meat." ”
大黑：“汪！” Big Black: "Wang! ”
老人看大黑的目光很复杂，不像是恐惧，倒更像是在通过大黑怀念什么。
The old man's gaze at Da Hei was very complicated, not like fear, but more like he was missing something through Da Hei.
王叶揉揉大黑的下巴，“狼肉？也对，那时候狼应该很多。”
Wang Ye rubbed Da Hei's chin, "Wolf meat? Yes, there should have been a lot of wolves at that time. ”
大黑舒服得直甩尾巴。
老人突然站起：“你们跟我来。”
王叶和虫老互看。
老人转头道：“放心，我们不是什么坏人，就是想安安稳稳生活的普通村民。我想请你们去看一样东西，那上面也有古鲜卑语，但这种语言已经失传，我们村曾经出过几次灾难，有些祖上留下来的东西就丢失了，其中就包括那段古鲜卑语的解释，如果你能看懂，我希望你能帮忙翻译一下。作为回报，我们也会帮助你们找人。”
王叶表示没问题。
虫老对这种古老文字隐藏的秘密也很感兴趣，欣欣然地跟上。
离开房车，老人边走边跟两人说道：“请不要因为我态度粗暴而生气，我们还是很欢迎外来的客人的。只是……不欢迎不懂规矩找麻烦的客人，你们昨晚一下就失踪了三个人，还闹出伤人的事情来，换了你，你敢留这样的客人吗？”
王叶笑笑，微带好奇地问：“难道以前来这边的游客就从没有出过事？”
王叶问这句话时微带了一点精神暗示。
老人顿了顿，说了实话：“以前当然也有人不遵守村里的规矩而出事，上面来我们村调查过几次，一开始外人都以为是我们村的人在捣鬼，还有军队来我们村搜索过，但最后什么都没查到。”
“但每次有人来搜索，我们村都要乱上一阵子。我们也商量过，要不要再也不接受外来者，但这样对我们村也不太好，最后大家就决定顺其自然，如果有人愿意来就来，不愿意来我们也不强求。”
王叶能感觉出来老人没有说谎，又问：“上面来调查的人没有找出失踪者，难道就这么算了吗？”
“哪里会就这么算了？我们村一直被上面研究着呢。”老人叹息。
“曾经还有一名大官看到村子古老，觉得有利可图，就想把全部村民都强行调离这个村，但那人刚下达命令，当晚就暴毙了。最后我们村所有村民无论老小都被抓走，村人被严刑拷打，要我们招出是谁暗杀了那名大官。村民根本回答不出来，那次，村民死了好些人，更有些人因此终身残疾。”
“但三天后，一场特别大的浓雾降临了那个营地。当村人们早上醒来，就发现营地里的官员和士兵都失踪了。同时，占领我们村子的人也全都失踪。村人们那时什么都不知道，就相互搀扶着回到了村里。而自那以后，就再也没有人敢打我们村的主意，也没有人说要我们村人搬迁。除了时不时有些研究员上我们这儿做一些调查研究。”
老人满含感情地望向村中的石屋：“现在年轻人都喜欢去大城市，他们不喜欢村里的规矩，不能吃狼肉和不能喝井水这两条还好，可一到晚上就不能出门，和不能背后说人是非这两条，对于年轻人来说，遵守起来太困难。所以我们村现在都看不到年轻人，只有老人和孩子。”
老人忽然又眼带骄傲地笑道：“可我们村外出的年轻人一旦有了孩子，都会回来生产。我们村别看接生手段略微落后外面，但从古至今，我们村的孕妇没有一个因为难产出事，也没有一个孩子出生时是病歪歪的，更没有畸形儿或者痴呆儿。”
老人还炫耀地道：“你看我们村生活条件还可以吧？就是因为这点传了出去，有些人会在预产期特地跑到我们这里生孩子，尤其是身体不好的富豪。他们会给我们很高的报酬。”
“如果在孕妇肚子里就查出来是畸形儿或蒙古症呢？”王叶问。
老人神秘一笑，一切尽在不言中。
王叶叹道：“你们还没有用金砖盖房子，我感到很奇怪。”
老人哈哈大笑：“这事流传得不广，我们村因为那四个规矩，也不愿对外多做宣传，而且相信的人也不多，加上现在医学手段高超，查出来胎儿不健康，基本就选择流产了，不会特地跑到我们这儿来，只为了求一个可能。”
王叶一想也是。除非是身体有恙，无法打胎，经济也比较富裕，还要知道这个传说的人，才有可能跑到这个村子待产，否则绝大多数人宁可选择更简单的流产，那样花费也少，也不用直到生产前都要担心能不能生出健康的孩子。
也许是精神暗示加“老人爱说古”的双重buff发挥了作用，老人和王叶絮絮叨叨说了很多，目前大多数还都是抱怨游客们自由散漫不肯听话，一旦出事就责怪到他们头上的糟心事。
老人神色十分矛盾，游客能给村子带来生气，也能带来经济效益，大家其实也愿意看到生面孔，愿意多赚一些钱，可游客不听话出事情，他们又得接受上面的调查和怀疑。难啊！
“到了，这是我家。”老人请王叶和虫老进入家门，一路走向后院。
老人家的后院有一块巨大的石头，石头一面光滑，上面刻了不少古文字。
王叶凝神看过去，这石碑上的古文已经有些淡化，很多地方还变得模糊，加上字迹潦草，辨认起来有些吃力。
他只能先从认识的字开始，一点点推断模糊和潦草的字体。
He could only start with the words he knew, and deduce the vague and scribbled fonts little by little.
随着他辨认出的字越来越多，当第一句话被他理解出来，那些已经变灰变淡的字体在王叶眼中忽然冒出淡淡的紫色光芒。
As he recognized more and more words, when the first sentence was understood by him, the fonts that had turned gray and faded suddenly appeared with a faint purple light in Wang Ye's eyes.
老人满脸期待地看向王叶。 The old man looked at Wang Ye expectantly.
虫老看到王叶的状态，皱皱眉头，对老人道：“你过一天再来吧，他这会儿已经看进去了，没事不要来打扰他。”
Seeing Wang Ye's state, the insect elder frowned, and said to the old man: "You can come back in a day, he has already seen it now, don't bother him if it's okay." ”
老人连忙点头，给两人准备了桌椅和茶水点心，这才离开。
The old man nodded hurriedly, prepared tables, chairs, tea and snacks for the two of them, and then left.
之后整整一天，王叶就站在石碑前没有动弹。 For a whole day after that, Wang Ye stood in front of the stele and did not move.
虫老围着石碑绕了好几圈，还敲敲打打又感知半天，没有发现半点异样。
The insect elder circled around the stone tablet several times, and knocked and felt for a long time, but did not find anything unusual.
可王叶明显是精神体投入的模样。 But Wang Ye is obviously a spiritual body.
虫老再看那石碑上的文字，只觉得这个世界越来越神秘莫测。
When the worm looked at the words on the stone tablet again, he only felt that this world was becoming more and more mysterious.
也许这个世界根本不是简单的无魔世界。 Perhaps this world is not simply a demonless world at all.
傍晚，大胡子老人带了热腾腾的食物过来，被虫老打发走。
In the evening, the bearded old man brought hot food and was sent away by the worm elder.
晚上快十点时，大胡子老人又来了一趟，见王叶仍旧站在石碑前，而那名气质极好的中年人正坐在椅子上看书。
At almost ten o'clock in the evening, the bearded old man came again, and saw that Wang Ye was still standing in front of the stone tablet, and the middle-aged man with an excellent temperament was sitting on a chair reading a book.
老人又惊讶又担忧地道：“还有一个多小时就要落日，等到零点过后，天就会全黑，他还没有看出名堂吗？”
The old man said in surprise and worry: "The sun will set in more than an hour, and when it is after midnight, it will be completely dark, hasn't he seen the name yet?" ”
虫老撩起眼皮，不冷不热地道：“到时你只管待在屋里，不用管我们。”
The insect elder lifted his eyelids and said lukewarmly: "When the time comes, you just stay in the house and leave us alone." ”
老人看看两人身边跟马一样高大的大狗，再看看宛如入神一般的王叶，又想到村子里自古以来发生的各种怪事，沉默。
The old man looked at the big dog as tall as a horse beside the two of them, and then looked at Wang Ye who seemed to be in a god, and then thought of all kinds of strange things that had happened in the village since ancient times, and was silent.
他这时也看出来了，这一家子大概都不是普通人。 He also saw at this time that this family was probably not an ordinary person.
而且不是像他们这边电视上的灵媒一样大多都是糊弄人的，人家应该是有真本事的高人。
And it's not like the psychic mediums on their side of the TV are mostly fooling people, people should be masters with real skills.
零点过后，天色黑暗下来，老人待在房间里，撩起窗帘看向后院，满脸担忧。
After midnight, when it was dark, the old man stayed in his room, lifted the curtains and looked at the backyard, his face full of worry.
他家只有他一个人居住，老伴不放心上高中的孙子，在外地陪读。儿子和儿媳则都在附近的大城市工作，几年都没回来了。
He is the only one in his family, and his wife is worried about his grandson, who is in high school, and he is studying in other places. The son and daughter-in-law both worked in a nearby big city and did not return for several years.
老人看着后院那块巨石，想着儿子和孙子似乎都无意回来继承他的村长位子，而他们村已经没有人认识那些古文字，更已经很多年没有人见到……，也许要不了多久，这个村落的传承就会彻底断绝。
The old man looked at the boulder in the backyard, thinking that his son and grandson seemed to have no intention of coming back to inherit his position as village chief, and that no one in their village knew those ancient characters, and no one had seen ...... for many years, and perhaps it would not be long before the inheritance of this village would be completely severed.
忽然，老人整个人都贴到了窗子上。 Suddenly, the old man's whole body was stuck to the window.
就在刚刚，院子里刚刚冒出淡淡的雾气，可一瞬间那雾气竟然缠绕住那站在石碑前的小少年。
Just now, a faint mist just emerged from the courtyard, but in an instant, the mist actually wrapped around the little boy standing in front of the stone monument.
而那名英俊的帅中年则瞬间抓向那些雾气。 And the handsome middle-aged man instantly grabbed at those fogs.
雾气陡然变浓，把那名帅中年和小少年都包裹了起来。 The fog suddenly thickened, enveloping the handsome middle-aged man and the young man.
整个院子都被浓雾掩盖，什么都看不见了。 The entire courtyard was covered by a thick fog, and nothing could be seen.
老人再看另一边的窗户，临街那一面跟往常一样，只有淡淡的雾气。
The old man looked at the window on the other side, and the side facing the street was the same as usual, only a faint mist.
老人再跑回后院的窗户前，盯着外面，不久他又发现了一点点异样。
The old man ran back to the window in the backyard and stared out, and soon he noticed something unusual.
那浓雾中似乎有淡淡的紫色光芒，但很淡很淡，不仔细看根本看不到。
There seemed to be a faint purple glow in the thick fog, but it was very faint and faint, and it was impossible to see it without looking closely.
老人盯着浓雾看了很久很久。 The old man stared at the fog for a long, long time.
一晃神，老人陡然睁开眼睛。 After a moment's pause, the old man suddenly opened his eyes.
老人惊讶地站起身，他正坐在后院窗户前的沙发椅上，面向后院，他什么时候睡着的，他竟然一点都不记得了。
The old man stood up in surprise, he was sitting on the sofa chair in front of the backyard window, facing the backyard, when he fell asleep, he didn't even remember at all.
再看外面，天空已经大亮。 Looking outside, the sky was already bright.
而后院中，那小少年正和他家大人说话。 In the backyard, the young man was talking to his family.
王叶揉揉额头，呢喃：“师父，您一定不相信我都看到了什么。”
Wang Ye rubbed his forehead and murmured, "Master, you must not believe what I have seen." ”
虫老揉揉徒弟的脑袋，“你师父我这大半生遇到的千奇百怪事多着了，说说看，你都看到了什么？”
The worm elder rubbed his apprentice's head, "Your master and I have encountered a lot of strange things in most of my life, tell me, what have you seen?" ”
“我看到了一个人，他在给很多人上课。很古老的场景，高山上，宏伟的宫殿建筑，大家盘膝坐在白玉石广场上，周围立着熏香用的柱子和香炉，香烟缭绕，半山腰白云飘飘，整个场景充满仙气。”
"I saw a guy who was giving a lot of people a lesson. Very old scene, high mountain, magnificent palace building, everyone sitting cross-legged on the white jade square, surrounded by incense pillars and incense burners, incense smoke is swirling, white clouds are fluttering in the middle of the mountain, the whole scene is full of fairy energy. ”
王叶一边说话，一边还在按揉太阳穴，他的脑袋杠杠得疼，就好像精神力使用过度一般。他对疼痛感知低微，能让他疼成这样，可想而知这疼痛度有多高。
Wang Ye was still rubbing his temples as he spoke, and his head hurt, as if his mental power was overused. He has a low perception of pain, and he can make him hurt like this, so you can imagine how high the pain is.
一股精神力流入他的精神海，宛如冰凉的清流流入干涸的田地中，王叶舒了一口气，整个人都放松了不少。
A stream of spiritual power flowed into his spiritual sea, like a cold clear stream flowing into a dry field, Wang Ye breathed a sigh of relief, and the whole person relaxed a lot.
雷木给他输入更多的精神力。 Reimu gave him more mental power.
王叶抚摸手腕上嫩绿的细丝，心里暖暖的。 Wang Ye stroked the tender green filaments on his wrists, and his heart was warm.
虫老手掌贴在王叶后脖颈上，细细感知一番，拿出一支药剂，给徒弟灌了下去。
The old insect put his palm on the back of Wang Ye's neck, felt it carefully, took out a potion, and poured it into the apprentice.
王叶喝了药剂，疼痛感彻底消失，雷木这才收回他的精神力。
Wang Ye drank the potion, the pain disappeared completely, and Lei Mu withdrew his mental power.
“懒蛋，药剂都懒得喝。”虫老太了解这个小混蛋。 "Lazy bastard, I'm too lazy to drink the potion." Lady Worm knows this little bastard.
王叶嘿嘿一笑，“过一会儿就会好，问题不大。” Wang Ye smiled, "It will be fine in a while, it's not a big problem." ”
“不要轻忽任何精神力上的损伤！不要以为你精神力强大就能胡来，这世上比你厉害的人多的是。”虫老斥。
"Don't ignore any mental damage! Don't think that you can come nonsense if you have strong mental power, there are many people in this world who are more powerful than you. "The worm scolded.
“哦。”王叶乖乖点头。 "Oh." Wang Ye nodded obediently.
老人就是在这时候奔进后院，他刚想问王叶是不是已经看懂石碑上的文字，就看到了石碑上的变化，顿时大惊失色，惊叫道：“石碑上的刻字呢？”
It was at this time that the old man ran into the backyard, and he just wanted to ask Wang Ye if he had understood the words on the stele, when he saw the changes on the stele, he was immediately shocked, and exclaimed: "What about the inscriptions on the stele?" ”
石碑上的刻字消失了，就好像从来没有存在过，又像是被什么力量直接抹去了。
The inscription on the stele disappeared, as if it had never existed, and as if it had been directly erased by some force.
老人扑到石碑上，不可置信地来回抚摸石碑，还绕到石碑后面寻找，但最终他什么也没找到。
The old man threw himself on the stele, stroked it back and forth in disbelief, and went around behind the stele to look for it, but in the end he found nothing.
老人沮丧地回到石碑正面，看着空白的石碑，呆呆地说不出话。
The old man returned to the front of the stele in frustration, looked at the blank stele, and was speechless.
王叶和虫老早就发现石碑上的刻字消失，两人也不知道该如何安慰这名大胡子老人。
Wang Ye and Worm had already noticed that the inscription on the stone tablet had disappeared, and the two of them didn't know how to comfort the bearded old man.
王叶有点心虚，他觉得自己占了人家大便宜。 Wang Ye was a little weak-hearted, he felt that he had taken advantage of others.
虽然这石碑并不属于这个村落，它只是落到这里，它就是为了寻找传承人的，谁通过它的考验谁就能接受传承。
Although this stele does not belong to this village, it just fell here, it is to find the inheritor, and whoever passes its test will be able to accept the inheritance.
那石碑上的文字其实是一个传承入口，也是一个传承考验，只有能“看懂”那些文字，并和石碑文字形成共鸣的人，才能看到那幕场景，也才能知道这石碑上的文字是怎么一回事。
The words on the stele are actually an entrance to inheritance, and it is also a test of inheritance, only those who can "understand" those words and resonate with the words on the stele can see the scene and know what the words on the stele are all about.
王叶特地打开因果卷查看那石碑的因果。 Wang Ye specially opened the cause and effect scroll to check the cause and effect of the stone tablet.
这次他竟然很轻易地就看到了石碑上一辈子的结局。 This time, he easily saw the end of his life on the stone tablet.
上辈子，他没有来西伯荒野，自然也没有来到这个罗荒村。
In his previous life, he didn't come to Xibo Wilderness, and naturally he didn't come to this Luohuang Village.
这块石碑一直待在这里，没有人发现它的秘密。 The stele has remained here and no one has discovered its secrets.
没有详细的时间，也没有详细的过程，王叶只看到这块石碑似乎经历了很长时间，看到后院前的房屋从有人居住到无人居住，再到败落，之后时间也许又过了很久，石碑突然就碎裂了。
There is no detailed time, and there is no detailed process, Wang Ye only saw that this stele seemed to have gone through a long time, and saw that the houses in front of the backyard went from inhabited to uninhabited and then to decay, and then maybe a long time passed, and the stele suddenly shattered.
石碑碎裂的原因不明，王叶想要知道详细，立刻就有一股力量在阻扰他。
The reason for the stone tablet shattering was unknown, Wang Ye wanted to know the details, and immediately a force was hindering him.
王叶顿时不敢再看下去，他只要知道石碑的结局，知道自己没有抢占他人的因果就可以。
Wang Ye suddenly didn't dare to look any further, he just needed to know the ending of the stone tablet and know that he didn't preempt the cause and effect of others.
王叶已经发现，他如果只去看一些已经出现结果的人和物的上辈子因果，就能很容易地看到，但不能细究过程和时间，也不能去看涉及到的其他人和物。
Wang Ye has already discovered that if he only looks at the cause and effect of some people and things that have already appeared in the previous life, he can easily see it, but he can't study the process and time in detail, nor can he look at the other people and things involved.
就比如现在，他去看雷木上辈子的因果，也能很轻易地看到雷木上辈子的结局，但同样无法看到很多细致的情节。如果强求，就会受到一股力量的阻止，会耗费他大量精神力，还不一定能看到什么。
For example, now, when he goes to see the cause and effect of Lei Mu's previous life, he can easily see the ending of Lei Mu's previous life, but he also can't see many detailed plots. If he asks for it, he will be stopped by a force, which will consume a lot of his mental energy, and he may not be able to see anything.
除了石碑，那个金手镯也是这样，王叶也顺利看到金手镯上辈子的因果。
In addition to the stone stele, the gold bracelet was also like this, and Wang Ye also successfully saw the cause and effect of the gold bracelet in its previous life.
金手镯中的秘密也压根没有人发现，戴着它的老妇人把它送给了一个年轻女孩，大概是她的孙媳之类。
The secret of the gold bracelet was not discovered at all, and the old woman who wore it gave it to a young girl, presumably her granddaughter-in-law or something.
但她孙媳嫌弃金手镯式样太老气，就把它送去金店融化，重新打造。
But her granddaughter-in-law disliked the gold bracelet style being too old-fashioned, so she sent it to a gold shop to melt it down and rebuild it.
而金手镯中的秘密也就此消失。 And the secret in the gold bracelet is gone.
这也是他敢接受任务的缘故，价值一百万经验值的因果，如果不小心抢占了别人的，那绝对后患无穷。
This is also the reason why he dares to accept the task, the cause and effect worth a million experience points, if he accidentally steals someone else's, it will definitely cause endless trouble.
就像那条项链，它在上辈子就有主人，而主人也发现了项链中的秘密，对方很可能也探索了相关秘密，只不过到了某处，断了线索而已。
Just like that necklace, it has an owner in the previous life, and the owner has also discovered the secret in the necklace, and the other party is likely to have explored the relevant secret, but it has gone somewhere and cut off the clue.
可钱丽和薛辉却抢占了这条项链，并去寻找项链中的秘密，最后的结果就是惨死他乡，连尸体被丢在哪儿都不知道。
But Qian Li and Xue Hui seized the necklace and went to find the secret in the necklace, and the final result was a tragic death, and they didn't even know where the body was left.
同样抢占了项链的马伟，最后也死在冤魂复仇下。 Ma Wei, who also seized the necklace, finally died under the revenge of the soul.
王叶也没吃到什么好果子，他因为泄露了金项链中的秘密，导致原本的得主没有得到项链，之后也遇到了一连串的麻烦，更时隔多年和钱丽夫妇又撞到一起，还亲眼看到马伟的死亡经过，可以说这三人的因果已经和他纠缠在一起。
Wang Ye didn't eat any good fruits, because he leaked the secret in the gold necklace, the original winner did not get the necklace, and then he also encountered a series of troubles, and after many years, he collided with Qian Li and his wife again, and saw Ma Wei's death with his own eyes, it can be said that the cause and effect of these three people have been entangled with him.
最后钱丽夫妇那对鬼魂说不定还要他去解决。 In the end, the ghosts of Qian Li and his wife may have to be solved by him.
“石碑上写了什么？”老人低声问王叶，他并没有把石碑刻字消失的事怪责到王叶身上，他觉得这就是一种必然发展。
"What is written on the stele?" The old man asked Wang Ye in a low voice, he did not blame Wang Ye for the disappearance of the stone tablet inscription, he felt that this was an inevitable development.
甚至现在，他还有种奇妙的解脱感。 Even now, he has a wonderful sense of relief.
他有种预感，也许村子里每晚都会出现的雾气再也不会出现。不，应该说，再出现的雾气就不会是原来的雾气了。
He had a hunch that maybe the fog that had been present in the village every night would never appear again. No, it should be said that the fog that appears again will not be the original fog.
另外村子里那四个不能违反的规则，很可能也不用担心了。
In addition, the four rules in the village that cannot be violated are likely to be worried.
他们村子也许就此变成了一个普通的村子。 Their village may have become an ordinary village.
王叶想了想，也没有隐瞒老人，实话跟他说了：“石碑上的刻字大意说的是，祂有十二道场，皆有入口，通过考验，可接受传承。”
Wang Ye thought about it, and did not hide it from the old man, and told him the truth: "The inscription on the stone tablet basically says that he has twelve dojos, all of which have entrances, pass the test, and accept the inheritance. ”
“道场？传承？”老人精通华夏语，但有些专业用词，他就不确定意思了。
"Dojo? Inheritance? The old man was proficient in the Chinese language, but he was not sure of the meaning of some technical words.
王叶跟老人解释了这两个词语的意思。 Wang Ye explained the meaning of these two words to the old man.
老人听完，沉默了一会儿，忽然笑道：“原来如此，这么说我们这里有一个道场，而我们村这块石碑就是考验，通过考验就能知道入口在哪儿，也能过去那里接受真正的知识传承。”
After hearing this, the old man was silent for a while, and then suddenly smiled: "I see, so we have a dojo here, and this stone tablet in our village is a test, and through the test, you can know where the entrance is, and you can also go there to receive the true inheritance of knowledge." ”
“大致是这样没错。”王叶点头。 "That's pretty much it, right." Wang Ye nodded.
老人看向王叶，神色有些复杂，但他的眼神很清明：“你通过了考验，对吗？所以这些刻字才消失了，因为它已经完成了它的使命，对吗？”
The old man looked at Wang Ye with a somewhat complicated expression, but his eyes were very clear: "You passed the test, right?" That's why these inscriptions are gone, because it's done its mission, right? ”
王叶坦然点头。 Wang Ye nodded calmly.
老人笑了起来：“那么我就不送你礼物了，原本我想，你要是帮我翻译出这石碑上的文字，我就赠送你一件礼物，但现在你显然已经得到了更宝贵的馈赠。”
The old man laughed: "Then I won't give you a gift, originally I thought that if you helped me translate the words on this stone tablet, I would give you a gift, but now you have obviously received a more valuable gift." ”
王叶对老人拱手，这心胸够宽广。 Wang Ye gave up his hand to the old man, this is broad-minded enough.
老人摆摆手：“这东西放在这里这么多年，我们村不知道多少人来看过摸过，也有不少专家学者的过来研究，上面的文字也被拓印过好几次，可至今为止也没有谁能通过它的考验。你能通过，那是你的本事。”
The old man waved his hand: "This thing has been placed here for so many years, I don't know how many people in our village have come to see and touch it, and many experts and scholars have come to study it, and the text on it has been rubbed several times, but so far no one has been able to pass its test." You can pass, that's your ability. ”
老人顿了顿，“我就想问，以后我们村……还和以前一样吗？”
The old man paused, "I just want to ask, in the future, our village will ...... Is it still the same as before? ”
第339章 地球不简单 Chapter 339: Earth Is Not Simple
“正要跟您说这事。”王叶在思考要如何和老人解释，这事有那么点曲折。
"I was about to tell you about it." Wang Ye was thinking about how to explain to the old man, and there were a few twists and turns in this matter.
“你慢慢说。”老人看出来这事大概不简单，就坐了下来。
"You speak slowly." The old man saw that this matter was probably not simple, so he sat down.
就在王叶和老人解释石碑来历和罗荒村以后可能有的变化时，罗荒村来了一批人。
Just when Wang Ye and the old man explained the origin of the stele and the possible changes in Luohuang Village in the future, a group of people came to Luohuang Village.
老人言而有信，昨天就组织了上百村人出去找人，还同意让探险队员满村呼喊魏玲琳的名字，除了不让进入家里，公开的地方都让他们找了。
The old man was true to his word, and yesterday he organized hundreds of villagers to go out to find people, and agreed to let the expedition members shout Wei Linglin's name all over the village.
探险队剩下的人也不至于不讲理，他们觉得这个村子古怪，但前晚金朗和魏玲琳都是自己跑出去的，村人也都待在自己家里没出来，非要说人是被村人抓起来藏起来，也有点说不过去。
The rest of the expedition team was not unreasonable, they thought this village was strange, but Jin Lang and Wei Linglin ran out by themselves the night before, and the villagers also stayed in their own homes and did not come out.
除了马伟的面包车，其他几辆车都在，这说明两人不是开车离开。
Except for Ma Wei's van, several other cars were there, which showed that the two did not leave by car.
而金朗做贼心虚又伤了人，很可能不敢留在村内，直接跑到荒野中都有可能。
And Jin Lang is a thief and hurts people, so it is likely that he will not dare to stay in the village, and it is possible to run directly into the wilderness.
探险队员现在最想找到的是莫名失踪的魏玲琳。 What the expedition members want to find most now is Wei Linglin, who has disappeared inexplicably.
可这村里连个摄像头都没有，深夜所有村人又都关灯睡觉，听到什么动静都不会出来，到最后竟没有一人知道魏玲琳到底跑去哪里了。
But there is not even a camera in this village, and all the villagers turn off the lights to sleep late at night, and they will not come out when they hear any movement, and in the end, no one knows where Wei Linglin has gone.
最奇怪的就是魏玲琳为什么会自己跑出客房，又为什么没有跟任何人打招呼？
The strangest thing is why Wei Linglin ran out of the guest room by herself, and why didn't she greet anyone?
因为魏玲玲的事，剩下的几个女孩子心惊胆战，不用村人驱赶，她们都想赶紧离开这个诡异的村子。
Because of Wei Lingling's incident, the remaining girls were frightened, and they all wanted to leave this strange village as soon as possible.
最后结果就是，探险队员除了姚浩和葛杰自愿留下来找人和等待大使馆那边派人过来，其他队员决定都先开车去往附近的大城市。
In the end, except for Yao Hao and Ge Jie, who volunteered to stay and wait for the embassy to send someone over, the rest of the team decided to drive to the nearby big city first.
离开的车队上了公路后就一直往前走，但走了将近一天，都没有看到任何城市和村镇的影子，也没有看到一个加油站，在他们车油耗尽不得不停下来时，他们才发现坐在车里的几个女孩都不见了。
The departing convoy had been on the highway for nearly a day, but after walking for nearly a day, they did not see any city, village or town, nor a single gas station, and when they had to stop when they ran out of fuel, they realized that the girls sitting in the car were gone.
这几个女孩就是剩下的三名女大学生。 These girls are the remaining three female college students.
剩下的人都要吓死了，待在原地不敢动，在车内过了胆颤心惊的一夜，第二天早上遇到了从附近城市赶过来支援找人的搜救队。
The rest of the people were scared to death, stayed where they were, and spent a night in the car in fear, and the next morning they met a search and rescue team that had come from a nearby city to support the search for people.
这就是联络大使馆的好处。 That's the benefit of liaising with an embassy.
大使馆不能直接插手当地行政，更不可能直接派人来寻找，他们能做的就是督促当地警方。
The embassy cannot directly intervene in the local administration, let alone send people directly to find it, all they can do is to supervise the local police.
但有国家层面出面联络并当靠山，和自己去单独找警方，那待遇肯定不一样。
However, if there is a national level to contact and act as a backer, and to go to the police alone, the treatment is definitely different.
而且这次失踪不是一个人两个人，现在前前后后可是失踪了十五个人，二十九人的探险队伍就只剩下十四人。
Moreover, this time it was not one person or two people who disappeared, but now there are fifteen people missing, and there are only fourteen people left in the expedition of twenty-nine people.
因为案情不小，大使馆还特别派了一名联络员过来跟踪了解此事。
Because the case is not small, the embassy also sent a liaison officer to follow up on the matter.
这名联络员现在就坐在过来支援的搜救队车上。 The liaison officer is now sitting in the search and rescue team vehicle that has come to support him.
剩下的探险队员看到远处有车子过来，都要哭了，忙对着那车队大喊。
The rest of the expedition members cried when they saw a car coming in the distance, and they hurriedly shouted at the convoy.
联络员发现路边那几辆车边站的人都是华夏人，再加上那情况一看就不对，就请搜救队停车询问情况。
The liaison officer found that the people standing next to the cars on the side of the road were all Chinese, and the situation was wrong at first glance, so he asked the search and rescue team to stop and inquire about the situation.
结果一问之下，才知道这些人竟然就是报警和联络大使馆的探险旅行团剩下的人。
As a result, upon questioning, I learned that these people were the remaining members of the expedition tour group that called the police and contacted the embassy.
当得知又有三名女孩失踪，失踪人口上升到十八个人，联络员的脸色也凝重起来。
When it was learned that three more girls were missing, the number of missing people had risen to eighteen, and the liaison officer's face became solemn.
随后搜救队就赶到了罗荒村，而获救的九名探险队员则在补充汽油后，开车先跟着两名搜救队员回去附近城市，他们暂时还不能回国，得分开询问口供，以确定三个女孩的失踪和他们无关。
The search and rescue team then rushed to Luohuang Village, and the nine rescued expedition members drove back to the nearby city with the two search and rescue team members after refueling gasoline.
搜救队到了罗荒村后，就先见了这里的治安警，大使馆派来的联络员也见到了姚浩和葛杰。
After the search and rescue team arrived in Luohuang Village, they first met with the security police here, and the liaison officers sent by the embassy also met Yao Hao and Ge Jie.
联络员听了姚浩两人的叙述，那表情…… The liaison listened to Yao Hao's narration, and his expression was ......
“你们吸大麻了？还是吃了什么迷幻剂？”联络员不客气地问。
"You smoke marijuana? Or what psychedelics did you take? The liaison asked unceremoniously.
姚浩苦笑：“你看我们像是会碰这种东西的人吗？” Yao Hao smiled bitterly: "Do you think we look like people who can touch this kind of thing?" ”
“不小心也有可能。抽烟、吃的食物都有可能中招。你们吃过这里的东西吗？在哪里吃的，吃了什么，都还记得吗？”联络员正儿八经道。
"It's possible to be careless. Smoking and eating food can be tricked. Have you eaten anything here? Do you remember where you ate and what you ate? "The liaison is in the middle of nowhere.
姚浩抹抹脸：“吃了，就在这个酒馆里，但吃了什么我们记得也不是很清楚，我们可以接受血检。”
Yao Hao wiped his face: "After eating, it is in this tavern, but we don't remember what we ate very clearly, we can accept a blood test." ”
“检查肯定要做，不过在这之前，你们需要先回答当地警方一些问题，不要担心，如实说就是。”联络员打开了录音笔。
"The inspection will definitely be done, but before that, you need to answer some questions from the local police, don't worry, just tell the truth." The liaison turned on the voice recorder.
两名刑警在姚浩和葛杰面前坐下，询问他们详细。 Two criminal policemen sat down in front of Yao Hao and Ge Jie and asked them for details.
联络员就负责当翻译。 The liaison officer is responsible for acting as an interpreter.
听完两人叙述，两名刑警的脸色也非常好看。 After listening to the narration of the two, the faces of the two criminal policemen were also very good-looking.
他们来之前，也听过罗荒村的大名，早有心理准备。可来了之后才知道这个旅行团竟然在进入罗荒村之前就有人失踪，还遇到了类似鬼打墙的神秘事件。
Before they came, they had also heard the name of Luohuang Village, and they had already been mentally prepared. But after I came, I learned that someone in this tour group had disappeared before entering Luohuang Village, and it also encountered a mysterious incident similar to a ghost hitting the wall.
最后两名刑警判断，这应该是多个案件并到了一起。 In the end, the two detectives judged that this should be multiple cases together.
钱丽和薛辉夫妻俩的失踪案是第一起。而综合探险队员的口供，地导马伟很可能和这对夫妻的失踪有关。
The disappearance of Qian Li and Xue Hui is the first case. And the confession of the expedition members, the ground guide Ma Wei is likely to be related to the disappearance of the couple.
第二起案件，是四名自称在地质局工作的社会人士在露营地突然失踪。因为四人的东西都没带走，所以这四人的失踪也很可能凶多吉少。
In the second case, four members of the public who claimed to work for the Geological Bureau suddenly disappeared at a campsite. Because none of the four people took anything with them, the disappearance of these four people is likely to be more auspicious.
第三个案子，团队负责人鲁一丰和他的助手们一共六人也失踪了，但这六人的所有行李和两辆越野车全都跟着不见，初步判断，应该是他们自己离开。
In the third case, Lu Yifeng, the team leader, and his assistants, a total of six people, were also missing, but all the luggage and two off-road vehicles of these six people were missing, and the preliminary judgment was that they should have left by themselves.
第四个案子的失踪者是马伟，他也开走了自己的面包车。根据探险队员的描述，这人很可能因为做贼心虚，怕大家次日报警，让警方注意到他，才会提前悄悄离开。而目击马伟离开的人，是住在房车里的另一波游客。
In the fourth case, Ma Wei was missing, who also drove his van. According to the description of the expedition members, this person is likely to leave quietly in advance because he is a thief and is afraid that everyone will call the police the next day and let the police notice him. And the people who witnessed Ma Wei's departure were another wave of tourists living in the RV.
按照时间顺序，第五个失踪案就是魏玲琳，这人在酒馆住房神秘消失，而另一名失踪者金朗曾提到他看到魏玲琳自己走出了后院。
Chronologically, the fifth case of disappearance is Wei Linglin, who mysteriously disappeared from the tavern house, while another missing person, Jin Lang, mentioned that he saw Wei Linglin walk out of the backyard by herself.
第六个失踪案件就是金朗，这人是对前女友用强不成，激情伤人下逃走，目前也下落不明。
The sixth missing case is Jin Lang, who ran away from his ex-girlfriend with force and hurt people with passion, and his whereabouts are currently unknown.
第七个失踪案件就是在公路上、在正在行驶的车辆中突然消失的三个女大学生。
The seventh case of disappearance is the sudden disappearance of three female college students on the highway in a moving vehicle.
“综上所述，前三个失踪案都发生在野外，主要集中在他们的露营地。而后面三个案件则发生在罗荒村，最后一个案件则发生在公路上，但也有可能也跟罗荒村有关。”
"To sum up, the first three disappearances all took place in the wild, mainly at their campsites. The latter three cases occurred in Luohuang Village, and the last case occurred on the road, but it is also possible that it is related to Luohuang Village. ”
络腮胡刑警总结完，挠挠眉头，这绝对是个大案子，还有大使馆关注，麻烦了。
After summing up, the bearded criminal policeman scratched his brows, this is definitely a big case, and there is also the embassy's attention, and it is troublesome.
另一名没留胡子的刑警老练得多，神情也比较冷酷，他无视联络员就坐在他们身边，和在场几名警员说道：“根据我的办案经验，这世上就没有鬼鬼神神的事情，所有案件都是人搞出来的，如果与人无关那就是意外事故。”
Another criminal policeman who did not have a beard was much more sophisticated and had a cold expression, he ignored the liaison officers and sat beside them, and said to several police officers present: "According to my experience in handling cases, there are no ghosts and ghosts in this world, all cases are made by people, and if it has nothing to do with people, it is an accident." ”
联络员声色不动。 The liaison officer remained silent.
“这么多人失踪，重点应该调查这些探险旅行团队成员之间的关系，刚才他们是不是提到了这是一个寻宝探险旅行？还有人带了藏宝图？”
"With so many people missing, the focus should be on investigating the relationship between these expedition team members, did they mention that this is a treasure hunt expedition? Someone else brought a treasure map? ”
其他警员全都精神一振。寻宝？藏宝图？很好，犯罪动机出来了。
The other officers were all in good spirits. Treasure hunt? Treasure maps? It's good, the motive for the crime came out.
只要有犯罪动机，接下来的事情就简单多了。 As long as there is a criminal motive, the next thing is much simpler.
那名被派来调查的冷面刑警也确实办案经验丰富，并十分聪明，他等于把所有浮于表面的线索全都扔开，直接面对关键。
The cold-faced detective who was sent to investigate is indeed experienced in handling cases and very smart, he is equivalent to throwing away all the superficial clues and facing the key directly.
“不是还有一组旅行者吗？就是他们把那队探险队给带出了荒野，并一路送到罗荒村，也是他们发现地导马伟在半夜开车离开，他们现在人在哪里？”冷面刑警问。
"Isn't there another group of travelers? It was they who took the expedition out of the wilderness and sent it all the way to Luohuang Village, and it was they who found that Ma Wei, the local guide, drove away in the middle of the night, where are they now? The cold-faced detective asked.
罗荒村治安警知道，开口道：“他们在村长家，村长请他们去帮忙翻译什么了。”
The security police of Luohuang Village knew about it and said, "They are at the village chief's house, and the village chief asked them to help translate something." ”
十五分钟后，冷面刑警和联络员一行人来到了村长家。 Fifteen minutes later, the cold-faced criminal police and the liaison officer came to the village chief's house.
王叶正跟老人说到关键处：“……为此，如果那个存在愿意继续庇护你们村，那么你们村就还和原来一样。如果它就此消失，那么你们村就会变得和其他村落一样。”
Wang Yezheng told the old man the key point: "...... For this reason, if that Being is willing to continue to shelter your village, then your village will remain the same. If it disappears, your village will become the same as any other village. ”
“它……是一只雪白的雪狼吗？”老人颤抖地问。 "It'...... Is it a snow-white snow wolf? The old man asked tremblingly.
王叶摇头：“它没有具体形象，你们也看到了，它可以化作白雾。雪狼可能也是它幻化出的形象之一。您见过雪狼？”
Wang Ye shook his head: "It doesn't have a specific image, you have also seen it, it can turn into white mist." The snow wolf may also be one of the images it has conjured up. Have you ever seen a snow wolf? ”
老人点头，眼中流出回忆之色：“那还是在我很小的时候，那年冬天非常非常寒冷，不过九月底大雪就有半人深，我小时候很贪玩，自己弄了雪橇出来玩耍，但途中我遇到了一只出来找食物打算冬眠的狗熊。那狗熊把我当做了猎物，我拼命滑雪橇逃跑，但途中我撞到了一块石头上，整个人翻滚了出去。”
The old man nodded, and there was a look of memory in his eyes: "It was when I was very young, that winter was very, very cold, but at the end of September, the snow was half a person deep, I was very playful when I was a child, and I got my own sled to play, but on the way I met a bear who came out to find food and planned to hibernate." The bear took me as a prey, and I tried my best to escape by sledding, but on the way I hit a rock and rolled over. ”
“那次我以为自己必死无疑，我看到那只狗熊向我跑过来，我第一次知道原来狗熊也可以跑得那么快。就在那只狗熊快要扑到我身上时，我听到了一声狼嚎。然后那只狗熊突然就停了下来，它还转头向狼嚎的方向看。”
"That time I thought I was going to die, and I saw the bear running towards me, and for the first time I knew that a bear could run so fast. Just as the bear was about to pounce on me, I heard a wolf howl. Then the bear suddenly stopped, and it turned its head to look in the direction of the wolf's howl. ”
“我顺着狗熊转头的方向看过去，看到了林子边沿站着一只高大的雪狼。那雪狼肩高非常高，比你们家大黑还要高大，看起来特别雄壮威武，它就站在那里，就如荒野中的神灵。”
"I looked in the direction of the bear and saw a tall snow wolf standing at the edge of the forest. The snow wolf was very tall at the shoulders, taller than your family's big black, and it looked particularly majestic and mighty, and it stood there like a god in the wilderness. ”
老人眼中出现沉迷和怀恋之色，“那只狗熊看到那只雪狼后就匆忙跑开了，就像是十分恐惧那只雪狼。我以为那只雪狼会吃了我，但奇怪的是，我当时一点也不害怕，我还想如果是这只雪狼吃了我，总比被那只狗熊吃了好。”
There was a look of indulgence and nostalgia in the old man's eyes, "When the bear saw the snow wolf, he hurriedly ran away, as if he was very afraid of the snow wolf. I thought the snow wolf was going to eat me, but strangely, I wasn't scared at all, and I thought that if the snow wolf ate me, it would be better than the bear. ”
“但那只雪狼没有吃我，我不知道它是什么时候消失的，但等我爬起来，它已经不在那里了。等我回家后，跟我父亲说了这件事，我父亲就跟我说，那只雪狼救了我。我父亲还告诉我……”
"But the snow wolf didn't eat me, I don't know when it disappeared, but when I got up, it wasn't there anymore. When I got home, I told my father about it, and he told me that the snow wolf had saved me. My father also told me......"
“村长，你在家吗？”外面传来重重的敲门声。 "Village Chief, are you at home?" There was a heavy knock on the door outside.
村长起身，对外喊了声：“在家，就来。” The village chief got up and shouted, "At home, come." ”
又压低声音，快速对王叶和虫老道：“我父亲说那只雪狼是我们村也是罗荒野的守护神，说只有被选中的人才有可能看到那只比马还要高大的雪狼。我有个哥哥，但我父亲却在后来把村长的位子传给了我。我猜……”
He lowered his voice again, and quickly said to Wang Ye and Worm Lao: "My father said that the snow wolf is the patron saint of our village and the Luo wilderness, and said that only the chosen ones could see the snow wolf that was taller than a horse. I had an older brother, but my father later passed on the position of village chief to me. I guess......"
“村长！警察来了，还有大使馆的人也来了，你快开门。”治安警长在外面催促。
"Village Chief! The police are coming, and the embassy people are coming, so open the door. "Sheriff is urging outside.
“来了来了。”村长只好先去开门。 "It's coming, it's coming." The village chief had no choice but to open the door first.
王叶摸摸大黑的背脊，和虫老互看。 Wang Ye touched the back of the big black and looked at each other with the old worm.
虫老换了双月星通用语，说道：“我怀疑这个世界的原始魔力并不是还没有大量喷发以及被压制住，而是进入了循环期的初升期，就如潮起潮落、日升日落。”
The worm elder changed the lingua franca of the Twin Moon Stars and said, "I suspect that the primordial magic of this world has not yet erupted and been suppressed in large quantities, but has entered the initial rise of the cycle period, just like the ebb and flow of the tide, the rise and fall of the sun. ”
“您是说地球这边以前也有过魔力喷发的高魔期、魔力平缓并衰落的低魔期，之后进入魔力收敛的无魔期，但现在又进入了魔力即将喷涌的初魔期？”
"Are you saying that this side of the earth has also had a high magic period with a mana eruption, a low magic period when the mana is slow and declining, and then it has entered a non-magic period when the magic power converges, but now it has entered the initial magic period when the magic power is about to erupt?"
“就是这样！” "That's it!"
王叶抚摸手腕上的细丝，点头：“很有道理，好歹地球也有四十六亿年的历史，而我们人类文明有记载的才有多少年？也许在很久很久以前，也出现过其他文明，比如魔法文明，也可能是仙魔文明，甚至异能文明，都有可能。”
Wang Ye stroked the filament on his wrist and nodded: "It makes sense, the earth is also 4.6 billion years old, and our human civilization has only been recorded for how many years?" Maybe a long, long time ago, there were other civilizations, such as the magic civilization, it could be the immortal and demon civilization, or even the ability civilization, it was possible. ”
王叶回忆他看到的授课景象，喃喃道：“怪不得那些听课的人并不是个个都长得像人，还有授课人说的语言，也绝不是已知的任何一种语言。”
Wang Ye recalled the lecture scene he saw and muttered: "No wonder not all the people who listen to the lecture look like people, and the language spoken by the lecturer is definitely not any known language. ”
“你不是说古鲜卑语是两千多年前的一种语言吗？”虫老找出问题点。
"Didn't you say that the ancient Xianbei language was a language more than 2,000 years ago?" Worm Lao finds out the problem point.
“实际上鲜卑语到底起源何处已经无法考究，虽然它在前一千三百年前被大量使用，使用历史有记载的更长达六七百年以上，但古怪的是，该语言竟然没有一本完整的文字记录流传下来。而村口的界碑和这块石碑上的文字，也有区别，界碑背面确实是鲜卑语，但这块石碑上的文字却不是。”
In fact, it is impossible to determine where the Xianbei language originated, although it was widely used 1,300 years ago, and the history of use is recorded for more than 6 or 700 years, but strangely enough, there is no complete written record of the language. There is also a difference between the boundary monument at the entrance of the village and the text on this stone tablet, the back of the boundary monument is indeed Xianbei language, but the text on this stone tablet is not. ”
“说重点。” "Getting to the point."
“耐心点嘛。”王叶说出重点：“大胡子老人之所以觉得这块石碑上的文字就是古鲜卑语，是因为他先入为主，也是因为这块石碑的文字可以变化。”
"Be patient." Wang Ye said the key point: "The reason why the bearded old man thinks that the words on this stone tablet are Gu Xianbei is because he has preconceived ideas, and also because the words on this stone tablet can be changed. ”
“哦？” "Oh?"
“也就是说，这块石碑上的文字可以是任何一种文字，你认为它是什么文字，它就是什么文字。但如果你不能通过它的考验，和它产生共鸣，它给你看到的就是你认为就是、但你不了解的一种文字。”
In other words, the text on this stele can be any kind of script, and whatever you think it is, it is what it is. But if you can't pass its test and resonate with it, it will show you what you think it is, but you don't understand it. ”
虫老听懂了，一口道出：“能量形成的意念之文。” The worm elder understood, and said in one mouth: "The text of the idea of energy formation." ”
“是。” "Yes."
“有意思。”虫老越发觉得自己的推测不错：“你的家乡绝不是表面这么简单。选择这里作为游戏入口，让地球人进入双月星，也不是随便选择。”
"Interesting." The worm elder felt more and more that his speculation was correct: "Your hometown is by no means as simple as it seems. Choosing this place as the entrance to the game and letting the earthlings enter the Double Moon Star is not a random choice. ”
“我现在也这么觉得。” "I feel the same way now."
“你打算什么时候去接受那个传承？”虫老急切地问。
王叶挑眉：“你们愿意？” Wang Ye raised his eyebrows: "Are you willing?" ”
“有什么不愿意的？”虫老拍了徒弟一巴掌：“你傻了，有这么大的好处不去看看？那说不定是远古传承！不用担心传承不一样你接受不了的问题，任何知识的源头和终端都是一样，我相信你，不管是什么传承你都能啃下来。如果不能……”
"What's not to like?" The worm slap his apprentice: "You are stupid, there is such a big benefit not to take a look?" Maybe it's an ancient inheritance! Don't worry about the inheritance is not the same and you can't accept it, the source and end of any knowledge are the same, I believe in you, no matter what the inheritance you can gnaw down. If you can't ......"
虫老给了宝贝徒弟一个阴森森的笑容。 The worm elder gave the baby apprentice a grim smile.
王叶：“……接受传承需要时间。”
虫老毫不犹豫地道：“双月星不需要你，目前不需要。我知道你有一点预言能力，但预言能力也不能乱用，而且现在有闻笛在，我们真有什么事也可以问他。你和雷木，还有金宝小云他们，就给我好好学习修炼，现在还不到需要你们拼命的时候。”
虫老简直恨不得马上把王叶塞到那个传承地点中，躲开命运对王叶的“清理”，好让王叶避开那占卜出来的凶险。
“我还没搞清楚这个传承到底是真是假，以及有没有危险，您别这么急好不好？而且第二关学堂那边我也还没有参加结业考试，总不能那边学个一半，又来学新知识，我会混乱的好吗。”王叶嘀咕。
虫老也觉得自己是有些急了，深吸气道：“这个传承现在不进去可以吗？”
“可以，我知道传承入口在哪里，随时都可以进去。在这之前，我们先把这里的任务完成。”王叶看向后院门口。
大胡子老人带人过来了。
“任务？”虫老在想这是不是徒弟的口误。
冷面刑警在屋里耽搁了一会儿，就是询问老村长一些情况。
老村长对王叶充满好感，自然而然就为他们说了一些好话，重点说明失踪的事和王叶他们无关，这一家子是热心友好又不惹事的好客人。
姚笛他们的证言也是如此，姚笛说了王叶一家一箩筐的好话，对他们的感激溢于言表，表示如果不是王叶一家，他们现在恐怕就是全员失踪状态，而且所有人都得饿死渴死或因为彼此争斗而死。
大使馆派来的联络员因此还没见到王叶一家，就对他们充满了好感。
只有冷面刑警，谁也看不出他在想什么，连他的搭档都有些怕他。有些聪明人太聪明了，而且不近人情，就会显得比较可怕。
双方一见面，彼此打量。
后院就有座椅，双方都能坐下说话。
老人抢在王叶开口前就用华夏语说道：“我跟这两位刑警说了，我请你们过来帮我翻译一张信件，用的是古华夏语，我看不懂。就是这张。”
老人当着其他人的面，把一封看起来比较古老的信件放到石桌上。
冷面刑警很不高兴老人用他听不懂的语言说话。
而老人就像是知道冷面刑警不快一样，又转头对几名警察说道：“你们都知道我们村很古老，历史甚至可以追溯到两千年前，而那段时间，我们这片还叫罗荒野，我们这里很多人也都是鲜卑族，还有一些后面过来的华夏人，之后又加入其他民族血脉，算是个混血大村子，如今不少人家里还能找出一些那边的老玩意。这封信就是我家祖先留下来的，我在家闲得没事，翻以前的老古董，偶尔翻了出来，就想知道里面写些什么，算是好奇吧。”
冷面刑警没有多看那封信，而是在仔细观察王叶和虫老。
他重点看的是虫老，一名成年人和一名小少年，谁都会更注意成年人。
而冷面刑警越观察就越心惊，因为一般人看到警察一类的人，都会有些不由自主的紧张，但面前这个轮廓深刻得不像华夏人的帅中年则对他的注视和打量一副泰然自若的样子，似乎半点都没把他和警察放在眼里。
他的经验告诉他，那不是装出来的，那是真的就没把他们放在眼中。不是轻视，而是觉得他们对他没有威胁。
谁会对脚边爬过的蚂蚁特意轻视？同样也不会特别在意。
“你们是游客？打算在这边待多久？护照能给我们看一下吗？”冷面刑警没开口，他的搭档先笑着缓和气氛道。
虫老用下巴示意徒弟上，他就听不懂熊国语。
联络员帮忙翻译了。
王叶就当做自己听不懂熊国语，其实他上辈子学过一些，因为在游戏里有碰到熊国的玩家，还来往过一阵子。
这辈子他既然跑到西伯荒野玩耍，自然要做一些准备，就死记硬背了熊国的字典和发音，还有一些基本对话之类。如此，只要有熊国人多跟他聊聊，他很快就能掌握这个国家的语言。
但问题是，他和虫老等人都没办护照。
看来只能用魔法来解决这个问题了，王叶正要弄个精神暗示迷惑在场所有人的眼睛。
“啊啊啊——！”一声惊叫也像是惨叫从不远处传来。
院中所有人都悚然一惊，坐下的全都站起来看向声音传来的方向。
“去看看。”冷面刑警第一个跑了出去。
其他人迅速跟上。
虫老忽然拉住王叶，快速道：“魔力波动变得明显，也许有什么特殊变故出现了。”
王叶若有所觉，转头看向身后的无字石碑。
简直就像是故意一样，那巨大的石头竟然就这么当着他的面无声无息的碎裂了。
轰！一声不是实质的爆响声在王叶、虫老、大黑，和包括身在远处的闻笛、兰道、疯药王等人耳中响起。
王叶头大：“……我有种不妙的预感，也许地球马上就要进入超凡者时代了。”
这可是上辈子这个时间段绝没有发生过的事情！
第340章 失踪者出现
村里好多人都围在那里，警察一到，村民赶紧让开一条通道。
冷面刑警看到坐在地上不住尖叫还在瑟瑟发抖的四个女孩，当即皱起眉头。
几个女孩全都湿漉漉的，像是从水里捞出来一样，更像是刚刚解冻，浑身都散发着寒气，脸和皮肤都冻得青紫。
她们更满脸恐惧，哪怕周围都是人，她们仍旧恐惧地不住尖叫，嗓子都嘶哑了还不停止。
这种情况也没办法问话。
联络员过来不住安慰她们，但她们像是什么都没听见一样，眼里涌出泪水。
姚浩他们也跑来了，挤进人群一看，当即叫道：“费千金，魏玲琳，是你们！”
四个女孩正是之前的失踪女大学生。
她们突然消失，现在又突然出现。
而在罗荒村，因为违反村里规矩而失踪的人再次出现还是第一次。
村民围着女孩们看，议论纷纷，可竟然没有一个人上前安慰和碰触她们，看她们的眼神更像是在警惕什么。
姚浩他们看在同胞份上，不可能不管她们。
警察也当即请当地人帮忙，带她们去酒馆更换衣服。
当地人不愿意，还是大胡子老村长走出来，让酒馆老板娘开一个客房，由警察和姚浩他们把女孩送回客房洗个热水澡再换上干燥衣服。
女孩们的行李还在，倒是不用村民们支援衣服。
来的警察中幸好还有一名女警，由她全程陪同几个女孩，并把她们换下来的衣服作为证据收集，同时初步查验几个女孩身上有无伤痕和虐待痕迹等等。
一通忙乱后，刑警们就在女孩们的隔壁房间搞了个临时办公室。
等到几个女孩全部收拾好，她们也像是终于知道自己安全了，情绪逐渐平静下来。
冷面刑警就带着联络员去找她们问话，因为怕吓到她们，还带上了姚浩。
魏玲琳是四个女孩中失踪最早的一个，她的胆子反而是女孩中最大的一个，也是最快镇定下来的一个。
“我睡着后听到有人呼唤我，像是我妈妈，我当时睡得迷迷糊糊，就起来了，去给我妈开门，然后我听到我妈在后院那边喊我，我也没多想，又去后院开门。”
“你当时不觉得古怪吗？你母亲怎么可能突然跑到这里来？”刑警问。
“我当时就像是被魇住了，根本想不到太多。”
“途中你有看到其他人吗？”
魏玲琳摇头：“没有，我当时应该是处在一种梦游状态，根本没有注意到周围有没有人。”
“你打开后院门后，又去了哪里？”
“我不知道。我就知道我走出后院，顺着声音喊我的方向一直走，等我妈喊我的声音消失，我就突然清醒过来，但那时我已经待在一个非常黑暗寒冷的地方。”魏玲琳回忆时还在发抖，眼睛里满是恐惧。
她还抬起手，抱住耳朵，痛苦地道：“之后我一直听到有人在我耳边说话，他们不停地说我坏话，有我认识的声音，有我不认识的声音，他们都在背着我说我的坏话，很多很多非常多，他们有的人在嘲笑我，有的在痛骂我，有的在鄙视我，有的就是说闲话……”
“我第一次知道原来我在别人眼中是那个样子，我也才知道原来别人在背后都是怎么说我，我很痛苦很难过，我大声喊叫，但没有人听到我的求救声。”
“我越来越寒冷，我当时就想着这样的我活着有什么意思，还不如死了算了，之后我就逐渐感觉不到寒冷，我恳求不要再让我听到那些说我的声音，那些声音就真的小了，我很困，想要睡觉，可就在我闭上眼睛没多久，我就被突然扔到马路上，同时再次感到……冷！特别冷！”
心理上的寒冷让魏玲琳冷得牙齿打颤。
其他三名女孩的描述和魏玲琳差不多，她们都是坐在车中忽然听到有亲人在呼唤她们。
她们就打开车门跳了下去。 They opened the car door and jumped.
但车内的人一个都没有发现她们跳车。
她们在车辆高速行驶中跳车，身上竟然也没有半点擦伤，之后她们走了一段路就同样出现在一个黑暗寒冷的狭窄地方，她们被分开关押，彼此都不知道对方存在，也听到有很多人在说她们的是非。
但她们大概比魏玲琳失踪的时间短，她们只感到寒冷和恐惧，以及知道自己在别人眼中原来有这么多缺点而痛苦，但并没有感到困倦。
听完四个女孩的分别叙述，刑警们都很头大。
女孩们没有一个看到嫌疑者，全程从失踪到出现都充满诡异感。
None of the girls saw the suspect, and the whole process was full of weirdness from disappearance to appearance.
“她们突然出现在村子中，很有可能她们之前被关押的地方就在村中。”冷面刑警如此判断。
"They suddenly appeared in the village, and it is very likely that the place where they were previously held was in the village." The cold-faced criminal police judged so.
而且他们赶到时，已经有不少村民在围观。 And when they arrived, there were already many villagers watching.
冷面刑警怀疑有村民把女孩偷偷带出来扔在那里，然后再假装围观者。
The cold-faced detective suspects that some villagers have smuggled the girl out and thrown her there, and then pretended to be onlookers.
其他村民就算察觉不对，但因为是同村人，很可能会给予庇护，什么都不会说。
Even if the other villagers sense that something is wrong, because they are from the same village, they are likely to give them shelter and will not say anything.
但冷面刑警不可能因为自己的怀疑就把村民抓起来审问。
But it is impossible for the cold-faced criminal police to arrest and interrogate the villagers because of their suspicions.
可恨这个村子竟然没有一个监控眼！ It's a shame that this village doesn't have a surveillance eye!
冷面刑警跟其他警察说出自己的推断，其他警察也觉得这个可能性最大……否则难道要他们真的写报告说是非人所为？
The cold-faced detective told the other policemen what they inferred, and the other policemen also felt that this was the most likely...... Otherwise, do they really want to write a report saying that it is inhuman?
“其他失踪者呢？为什么只有四个女孩被放出来？”联络员提出问题。
"What about the other missing people? Why were only four girls released? The liaison asks questions.
冷面刑警再次皱起眉头。 The cold-faced detective frowned again.
对此，王叶有所猜测，他怀疑这些女孩会被放出来，是因为那雾气或者说雪狼发现自己打不过他们，想要他们赶紧离开，就把几个“罪行不严重”的女孩释放回来。
In this regard, Wang Ye had a guess, he suspected that these girls would be released because of the fog or the snow wolf found that he couldn't beat them, and wanted them to leave quickly, so he released a few girls who were "not serious".
对，这只雪狼有着自己的道德标准。 Yes, this snow wolf has its own moral standards.
按照老村长叙说，村民们为什么愿意遵守这些规则习俗，而不是惧怕，就是因为他们发现会在夜晚雾气中消失的人，都是有过重大罪孽的人。
According to the old village chief, the reason why the villagers were willing to abide by these rules and customs, rather than be afraid, was because they found that the people who would disappear in the night fog were people who had committed great sins.
比如谋杀、欺骗、强暴、抢劫、遗弃等等。 Such as murder, deception, rape, robbery, abandonment, and so on.
而雪狼最不喜欢的就是背后说人是非的人，哪怕你在家中说了，晚上没有出门，你也有可能失踪，所以这条被单独列出来作为村规存在。
And the snow wolf's least favorite thing is the person who talks about right and wrong behind his back, even if you say it at home and don't go out at night, you may go missing, so this article is listed separately as a village rule.
但村民们也搞不清楚他们的守护神到底如何判断他们曾经犯过的罪，因为无法衡量，干脆就说晚上都不要出门。
But the villagers couldn't figure out how their patronus could judge the sins they had committed, and because they couldn't measure it, they simply said not to go out at night.
而金朗和马伟的罪行显然不在雪狼可以饶恕的范围内。 And Jin Lang and Ma Wei's crimes are obviously not within the scope of snow wolf's forgiveness.
马伟可是当场死亡，连灵魂都消失了。 Ma Wei died on the spot, and even his soul disappeared.
金朗到现在没出现，显然这位也凶多吉少。 Jin Lang has not appeared until now, and it is obvious that this one is also more auspicious.
金朗罪不至死？ Jin Lang is not guilty to death?
那四个女孩只是在背后说人是非，就该死吗？ Those four girls just talk about right and wrong behind their backs, do they deserve to die?
只能说这种非人存在的道德判断标准和普通人不一样，你跟它没办法说理。
It can only be said that the moral judgment standard of this inhuman existence is different from that of ordinary people, and you can't reason with it.
它甚至根本没有所谓的道德评判标准，可能它不喜欢你这样做，或单纯看你不顺眼，就把你“失踪”了。
It doesn't even have a moral criterion at all, maybe it doesn't like you to do it, or it just doesn't like you and "disappears" you.
“喂，你能听到我的说话吧，能把其他人也放出来吗？”王叶把自己的意识用精神力扩散出去。
"Hey, can you hear me, can you let the others out?" Wang Ye spread his consciousness with spiritual power.
虫老看向他：“你想跟那个东西交涉？” The worm looked at him, "You want to negotiate with that thing?" ”
“对方有些灵智，属于半智慧生物，而且它能放回四个女孩，其他人也许也可以商谈。”王叶乐观地道。
"The other party has some intelligence, it is a semi-intelligent creature, and it can put back the four girls, and others may be able to negotiate." Wang Ye said optimistically.
虫老却摇摇头，“这种存在很少会像人类一样会讨价还价，它们能放出来的，会全都放出来，不能放的，你除非直接找到它的老巢打败它，强行把它的收藏给抢回来。”
The insect elder shook his head, "This kind of existence will rarely bargain like humans, they can be released, they will all be released, and those that can't be released, unless you directly find its nest to defeat it and forcibly snatch its collection back." ”
“也许我们真的要去它老巢一趟。”他得把金项链和金手镯的任务完成。
"Maybe we're really going to go to its lair." He had to complete the task of the gold necklace and gold bracelet.
王叶和虫老上了房车，打算离开。
姚浩和葛杰走出酒馆透气。
王叶看向两人，在看到姚浩时，王叶打开车窗对姚浩招手。
姚浩跑过来，仰头看他：“你们要走了吗？”
王叶趴在车窗上打量姚浩。
姚浩被他看得莫名其妙，也低头看自己：“怎么了？我身上有什么问题吗？”
王叶幽幽道：“问题大了。我该说你运气好呢，还是运气不好呢？”
“喂，兄弟，怎么了？有话就说，别吓我啊。”姚浩被王叶说得毛毛的。
王叶：“你的松果体非常亮，它正在大量吸收能量。”
“松果体？”姚浩抬手摸向自己眉心位置。
“你在一个正确的时间，来到了一个正确的地方，最重要的是你遇到了一个正确的人，也就是我。”没有他，姚浩遇到的只会是错误的时间、错误的地方和错误的一堆人，结局也是必死无疑。
姚浩满脸问号。
王叶轻哼：“但你想要靠自己觉醒还差一点，你的资质比何家那个男孩差多了。如果是对方现在在这儿，这会儿不用我帮忙也能自己觉醒。”
他当初治疗那四个孩子时，其实是往能觉醒异能的方向治疗，只不过给他们加了一层封印。
因为当时那四个孩子的情况，只有两个选择，要么帮助他们觉醒，要么就毁掉他们的觉醒可能，让他们做一个普通人。
虽然他们家人选择的是让孩子们做一个普通人，而当时的情况也只能让四个孩子做普通人。
但他手软了，他想给那四个孩子一个自己选择的可能。
而那层封印在用了他的“觉醒药剂”后，就可以轻易破开。
但如果那四个孩子运气好，能遇到像这样的能量喷发，在这股庞大能量冲击下，那层封印也会很容易被冲破。
姚浩听得满头雾水，明明王叶说的是华夏语，也不是什么专业用词，但他就是不知道王叶在说什么。好吧，他听懂了，但是他不敢相信王叶所说的背后意思啊。
“觉醒？我能觉醒？觉醒什么？异能？”姚浩哈哈哈地傻笑起来。
“是啊。”
“嘎？！”姚浩笑声陡然止住，发出一声怪异的声音。
王叶眼看姚浩瞪他瞪得眼睛珠子都要掉出来，就好心好意地跟他说：“想觉醒异能吗？想从此成为超人吗？觉醒药剂一百万一瓶，打我账号，给你邮寄。”
姚浩：“……呵呵。”
王叶对他摆摆手，坐正：“这是友情价，再见~”
“哦，对了！”王叶突然又转回头：“因为你的松果体被激活，正在不受控制地自主吸收能量，你的身体恐怕无法承受。当你出现发烧、昏迷时，如果没有人帮你疏导能量，你99.99%会死。我建议你尽快离开这一片，离得越远越好。就算你今天离开，你大概还有七天的清醒时间。”
王叶突然抛出一瓶药剂。
姚浩手忙脚乱地接住。
“看在我们相识一场，你这人也不错的份上，这瓶药剂免费送给你。”
“这就是觉醒药剂？”姚浩狂喜。
王叶冷笑：“做梦！这是封印药剂，如果七天后你出现发烧迹象，医生也看不好，而你又不打算觉醒异能，那么就喝下这瓶药剂，这瓶药能救你的命，但你也别想做什么超人了。好了，我走了，你会记住我的银行账号，并不会把我们的交易说出去，再见~”
“喂！别走，你把话说清楚！”姚浩急得就要去抓车窗。
但那越野房车的表层简直跟刷了油一样，他抓上去竟然打滑了。
然后他就眼睁睁看着那辆房车开跑了。
葛杰见姚浩呆呆地站在原地，跑过来问：“喂，你怎么了？”
姚浩呆滞地转头看好友，喃喃低语：“如果有人说，给一百万就能让你变成超人，你愿意吗？”
“不骗人的话，当然愿意。”葛杰笑嘻嘻地说道。
房车内，虫老好笑地看王叶：“封印药剂可比觉醒药剂贵多了，就这么给出去，你舍得？”
王叶摇头晃脑地道：“没办法啊，现在咱们这边的人都会觉得觉醒要比封印更宝贵，而且我总不能知道他必死无疑，还眼睁睁看他去死。不过我觉得他会联络我的。”
虫老眼看村庄越来越远，叹息：“可惜了。”
王叶知道虫老在可惜什么，因为这个村子里老人太多，而老人基本上已经没有觉醒可能，他们的松果体都已经钙化。虽然村里也有一些小孩，但资质都很一般。
而小孩子和年轻人如果有那份资质，他们是最容易在这股庞大能量冲刷下自然觉醒的。
但只他们刚才精神力扫视的结果看来，这个村子竟然没有一个人自然觉醒，运气最好的就是姚浩。
不过这个村子的人如果继续处在这种环境下，只要他们有那份资质，也许几年之后，他们的松果体也能重新被激活。
但就怕这片荒野不会给他们这个时间。
“这一片的动物和植物就要有巨大变化了。”王叶看向荒野。
虫老：“是啊，非智慧生物反而最容易受到这种能量刺激而改变。这大概也是大自然对非智慧生物的一种弥补。”
王叶打算任务结束后，过几年再来这边看看，说不定能找到不少好东西，比如药材和能量结晶体。
眼看在几个女孩那里问不出更多内容，冷面刑警又想到了王叶他们，想要找他们问话，结果出来找人时，老村长却告诉他们，说那家人已经离开。
络腮胡刑警当时就叫道：“离开？他们怎么能离开？谁同意他们离开的？”
老村长摊手，人家又没犯法，要离开，他总不能拦着吧？
冷面刑警看向联络员，意思是想调查这家人的身份底细，最好能把人找回来问话。
联络员则看向姚浩和葛杰。
姚浩尴尬地道：“我不知道他们叫什么名字，也没有他们的联络方式。”
他有那小少年给的银行账号，但他不想说。
葛杰的记忆更模糊，只记得那家人帮助过他们，但姓甚名谁、家住哪里、联络方式之类，完全不记得也不知道。
“萍水相逢，谁会问那么多？”
“人家是做好事不肯留名，我们也不能强迫人家。”
之后联络员和警方去询问其他探险队员，这些人也只记得少年一家把他们救出鬼打墙营地，之后他们还商讨付救援费给这家人，但现在钱还没付，人家就走了，救命之情欠定了，其他详细也都不清楚。
冷面刑警直觉这家人有点问题，还有那个老村长肯定也知道什么，但老村长人老成精，你问什么，他都答得滴水不漏。
接下来数日，警方都留在当地继续找人，同时还派人深入探险队之前进入的荒野寻找在营地失踪的十二个人。
姚浩找了个借口，拉着葛杰在当天就跑掉了，他们去了附近的大城市，然后就和大使馆交涉，想要尽快回国。
熊国警方也不可能一直扣押他们，就同意让他们回国了。但因为失踪人数较多，这些人回国后也会被当地警方注意，并且不能离开所在城市。
罗荒村，老村长看着后院里长满的杂草，眼中都是惊讶，还有一丝忧愁。
其他村民这几天也都发现了，他们各家院子里还有家门口的植物长势简直可怕，不管怎么除草，第二天，地上都能长出一层。
一些树木在这几天竟然就变大变高了许多。
还有村里养的一些家畜，也都生长迅速。
罗荒村村民都如此困扰，更不要说深入荒野找人的搜救队。
他们只觉得这荒野的路太难走了，而且植物特别茂盛。
“啪！”有搜救队员看看掌心，震惊道：“这蚊子好大，它这是吸了我多少血？”
“不止蚊子，我早上看到一只鹿，那鹿角简直就跟树杈一样，也不知道活了多少年，可惜我正想拍下来，它就跑掉了。”
“你们有没有发现这些野草长得特别快，我昨天看，还只到膝盖，今天就长到大腿了。”另外一名观察仔细的队员道。
“情况不太妙，队长说了，让我们不要再深入，如果今天再找不到人，就全部撤离！”
“早就该撤离了，这鬼地方真的不对劲。”
搜救队员们没有看到，就在距离他们不到二十米远的地方，有人正在拼命对他们呼喊和招手。
但搜救队员就像是没看到一样，一个都没发现异常。
甚至有一名搜救队员就从那些人身边走过，几乎是擦肩，也没有发现那几个人。
那几个人不可置信，脸上全都露出了绝望的神色。
第341章 和雪狼交涉
王叶一家也在找人。
他们先来到之前探险队扎营的第一个营地，最初一批人就是在这里失踪。
大黑根据那四名地质人员留下的精神力波追踪他们的行踪。
结果竟然又找到了那个鬼打墙的天然迷踪阵处，也是探险队扎营的第二个营地。
“这四个人竟然来过这个迷踪阵，还走出去了？”王叶惊讶。
“汪！”大黑扭头催促他们。
王叶叫小光和小云：“你们在干什么？快点跟上！”
小光咿咿叫：“这里有好多刚长出的蘑菇，能量丰富，滋味鲜美，你们走你们走的，我们会跟上。”
“哦？人能吃吗？”王叶随口问。
小云回答：“能吃，还很好吃。”
王叶脚步一顿，立刻调转头，屁颠颠地就跟着小光小云一起去采蘑菇了。
大黑：“……”
虫老低笑，也在野地中翻找一些刚长出来的药植。
这些药植并不是说药性有多好，但双月星没有，虫老就想要研究研究，活到老学到老嘛，当师父的怎么能不如徒弟呢？
有王叶这么一个弟子，虫老等人也不敢放松对自己的要求，王叶学得多，他们学得也不少，但他们不像王叶学得博而杂，他们是专精一两项，这样也方便他们指点徒弟。
不务正业半天，王叶和小光小云还有浮游光虫们一起努力，给虫巢又增加了不少新品种。
这些菌菇只要留一部分，有小云在，他可以很轻松地就种植出一大片。
之后的找人行动更像是采蘑菇和收集新鲜药植的顺带，王叶和家里一干老小玩了一路，就连靳蜘蛛都被他们勾出来，寻找附近有没有什么富含能量的矿石。
“这里能量真浓郁，我们可以在这里多待一段时间。”靳蜘蛛建议。
虫老也道：“这里的魔力更像是原始魔力，我吸收了，目前没有任何排斥，我想……待在这里，对我们应该有一定好处。”
“那就多待一段时间呗。”王叶拍拍跑回来的大黑：“兄弟，你发现什么了？”
“汪！”大黑示意跟上它。
大黑来到一个小湖泊边，冲着小湖泊叫了两声。
王叶打量这个波光粼粼的小湖泊，摸摸下巴，开始走奇怪的步伐，一会儿进，一会儿退。
过了一会儿，他又退回到虫老身边。
“魔法阵？”虫老问。
王叶点头：“迷踪阵，和迷踪类魔法阵算是异曲同工，但布置方法不太一样。没想到这里竟然还有第二个迷踪阵，而且更大型，更复杂。我也不敢随便进去，得花点时间研究，否则走不出来就好玩了。”
“都跟你说地球不简单了。”虫老似乎丝毫没感到奇怪。
王叶想笑，这句话从一个外星人嘴中听来，怎么这么怪异呢。
小湖泊内一群人正在对王叶和虫老拼命招手和大喊。
这是他们遇到的第二批人，第一批搜救队，他们错过了。
这两个像是游客的人，他们不能再错过了。
他们已经没有半点食物和水，再待下去，他们就得自相残杀了。
王叶却看着这个小湖泊，没有立刻进去。
虫老奇怪地看向他。
王叶露出一丝古怪的笑容，他低声对虫老道：“那个东西就在附近盯着我们。”
“哦？这迷踪阵里面有什么重要的东西？”
“不像是，它应该是在守护别的东西，盯着我们，是怕我们找到那里。”王叶坏笑，说出关键：“那个传承入口就在这附近。”
虫老挑眉。
王叶抱住大黑的脖子，跟它叽里咕噜说了一通。
大黑很高兴地甩甩尾巴，撒腿就跑。
王叶就跟在大黑身后。
不久，大黑就在附近的低矮小山上找到了一个山洞：“汪！”
王叶瞅瞅漆黑的山洞，喃喃自语：“寻宝嘛，十有八九都会有一个洞。走，我们进去。”
一股雾气忽然出现在洞口。
王叶眼中露出得逞的笑意，乐呵呵地道：“大兄嘚，你这挡着路也不是一回事，要么我们商量商量？”
雾气漂浮，似乎拒绝商量。
虫老想要动手，小光他们也都跃跃欲试。
王叶拦住他们，对雾气和颜悦色地道：“我们不是来抢宝贝的，也不想破坏你的老巢，更无意伤害你。你也应该感觉出来，我师父的实力要比你强出不少，再加上还有我们，如果我们真的要伤害你，当时就不会让你离开。”
雾气化作了一只雪白的大狼。
大黑看到比自己还要高出一些的雪狼，歪头叫了一声。
雪狼也看向它，但没叫。
王叶又道：“我们来这里，一来是为了寻找那些失踪者，二来是想解开一个谜。只要我们找到人，并弄明白那个谜的谜底，我们就会离开。”
他猜测部分失踪者就在刚刚遇到的第二个迷踪阵内，说不定这个山洞内也有。
“嗷呜！”雪狼发出低沉的嚎叫。
王叶通过对方传达过来的精神力，略微明白了对方的意思。
这果然是一个半智慧生物，它传达过来的意思很简单，就是“我是老大，听我的，不听的，死”。
王叶把它的意思翻译过来，就是：荒野有荒野的规矩，而它是这一片荒野的王，进入这片荒野的所有存在都必须遵守它定下的规矩。而那几个失踪者都触犯了它的规定。
“你总要让我知道他们触犯了什么规定。”
雪狼嗷嗷两声，大黑看他们交流困难，主动上前，和雪狼交流起来。
过了一会儿，大黑再把雪狼的意思用精神力传达给王叶和虫老他们。
王叶总算明白探险队那伙人为什么会被困，又有人失踪的原因。
说破了，真的很简单。
就是这群人在进入荒野扎营后，就闹哄哄地要打猎，但他们打猎也就算了，这在雪狼的允许范围内，可他们不该朝幼崽下手。
鲁一丰和他的一名助手，马伟和那四名自称地质局的，都会布置陷阱。
其他人也跟着帮忙。
金朗还提议把兔子洞堵起来，只留一个出口，再用烟气薰兔子洞。
而鲁一丰等人为了让拍摄的视频好看，也同意用这种方法。
正好他们也懂得怎么找兔子洞，就用烟气薰了一窝出来。
除了大兔子，还有刚出生不久的小兔子。
探险队员们看到小兔子都很喜欢，尤其是女队员。
大家一开始没吃小兔子，只拎着、抱着玩，但小兔子身体柔弱，加上几个队员也不知道应该喂兔子吃什么，就给它们喂了带露水的草叶，小兔子没两天就被他们喂死了。
除此之外，他们还去掏鸟蛋，遇到幼鸟，竟然去逗幼鸟，还抚摸幼鸟。
偏偏这种鸟靠气息辨认同类，母鸟回巢后，察觉幼鸟身上的气息不对劲，以为是别的鸟丢进来的幼崽，竟然就离巢而去，不再养育这几只幼鸟。
因为是玩嘛，这群人还去追寻小狍子和小鹿，那四名自称地质局的人还带着弩弓打伤了一只幼鹿，后来是队伍里的女孩子们大叫不可以伤害小鹿，那几个人才放过那幼鹿。
“所以你把他们引走，让他们失踪？”王叶问。
“嗷呜……”
“汪汪！”
“你说有些人是你引走的，有些人不是？”
“嗷呜。”
“汪汪！”
就算有大黑翻译，王叶也听得头大，雪狼根本没办法清楚描述那些人的外貌，在它口中，都是雄的、雌的，雄壮的、弱小的，这种说法。
王叶幸好他跟姚浩要了几张照片，就把手机拿出来，让雪狼分辨。
鲁一丰六人的照片都有，也都比较清晰。
但那四名地质员却很奇怪地都避开了镜头，几乎没有他们的正面照。
不过雪狼也很聪明，好歹也是半智慧生物，用爪子点点戳戳，再加上大黑帮忙沟通，也把事情说明白了。
总结起来就是：一开始失踪的十二个人，都是自己先作死，雪狼并没有立刻对他们下手。
但雪狼看到他们干了什么。
“你说那四名地质员暗中偷窃了钱丽的项链，还搞了一个偷梁换柱，留下了一条假项链？”
“嗷呜。”
王叶不禁低笑，看来钱丽的项链早就有人盯上，那四名地质员也绝不是在地质局工作的，他们九成早就谋定要对钱丽的项链下手，而且说不定这四个人知道得比钱丽夫妇更多。
“之后，马伟威胁钱丽夫妇，让他们把项链交给他，钱丽夫妇不愿意，马伟和钱丽抢夺项链，失手把钱丽杀死，而钱丽的丈夫就在一边看着？”
“嗷呜。”
“也就是说马伟和薛辉勾搭到了一起？薛辉竟然眼睁睁看着别人杀死自己老婆？薛辉是对钱丽早有不满，还是杀死钱丽对薛辉有更大好处？”
“嗷呜！”
“嚯，然后马伟就把薛辉也给杀了？还是马伟够狠，他大概也清楚一个能和别人密谋杀害自己妻子的人，绝对不值得相信。而且宝藏当然还是独得最划算。对了，你知道钱丽和薛辉，还有马伟的灵魂都去了哪里吗？”王叶问。
雪狼嗷嗷叫了几声。
大黑帮忙翻译。
王叶惊讶：“你说钱丽的鬼魂恢复所有记忆后，吃掉了马伟和薛辉的鬼魂？那钱丽呢？”
Wang Ye was surprised: "You said that after Qian Li's ghost recovered all his memories, he ate the ghosts of Ma Wei and Xue Hui?" What about Qian Li? ”
大黑抬起爪子，指向被雪狼挡住的洞口。 Daikoku raised his paw and pointed at the hole blocked by the snow wolf.
“钱丽的鬼魂被你关起来了？” "Qian Li's ghost was locked up by you?"
“嗷呜！” "Whew!"
“关得好，让这样一个充满黑暗心思的怨灵跑掉，可不是什么好事。你可真帮了大忙。”王叶真心夸赞雪狼。
"It's not a good thing to let such a dark spirit escape. You've been a great help. Wang Ye really praised the snow wolf.
雪狼根本不稀罕王叶的夸张，给了他一个冷漠的眼神。 The snow wolf didn't care about Wang Ye's exaggeration at all, and gave him an indifferent look.
王叶：“……按照时间顺序，那四名假地质员在发现钱丽夫妇失踪后，就也失踪了，但他们的失踪也不是你造成，而是他们假装失踪，其实是他们自己离开，他们甚至故意没有带上行李。”
Wang Ye: "...... According to the chronological order, the four fake geologists also disappeared after discovering that Qian Li and his wife were missing, but their disappearance was not caused by you, but they pretended to be missing, but in fact they left by themselves, and they even deliberately did not bring their luggage. ”
“嗷。” "Huh."
“他们拿着金项链开始寻找宝藏，然后找到了这个山洞？”
"They took the gold necklace and started looking for treasure, and then they found this cave?"
“嗷呜！” "Whew!"
“他们不在这个山洞？你是说他们被困在第二个天然迷踪阵内？”
"They're not in this cave? Are you saying they're trapped in the second natural maze array? ”
“嗷嗷。” "Whew."
王叶笑了，他终于明白了，金项链中的地图只能带领寻宝者找到西伯荒野，但他们自认为找到的地点却是一个又一个天然迷踪阵。
Wang Ye smiled, he finally understood that the map in the golden necklace could only lead the treasure hunters to find the Xibo Wilderness, but the locations they thought they had found were one natural trail after another.
而金手镯中的地图就是如何通过天然迷踪阵找到真正藏宝地的关键。
And the map in the gold bracelet is the key to how to find the true treasure through the natural maze array.
“那四个人有些本事，他们找到了第一个迷踪阵，明明看到所有同伴被困，却没有管他们，而是绕了过去？”
"Those four people have some skills, they found the first Lost Trace Array, and obviously saw that all their companions were trapped, but they didn't care about them, but went around?"
“嗷呜！” "Whew!"
“但他们的本事显然也不怎么样，就这么被困在了找到的第二个迷踪阵处，他们现在还在那里？”
"But their skills are obviously not very good, so they are trapped in the second maze that they found, and they are still there?"
“嗷。” "Huh."
王叶搞清楚四名假地质员的下落，又开始确定鲁一丰六人的消息。
Wang Ye figured out the whereabouts of the four fake geologists, and began to determine the news of Lu Yifeng's six people.
根据雪狼口述，大黑的翻译，王叶最后推测出的情况是：
According to Snow Wolf's dictation and Da Hei's translation, Wang Ye finally speculated that the situation was:
鲁一丰六个人甩开队伍单溜，是因为他们怀疑钱丽夫妇和那四个假地质员勾搭到了一起，已经先一步离开去寻找宝藏，所以他们就撇下其他队员，招呼也不打地也去找宝藏。
Lu Yifeng and the six of them left the team and slipped away because they suspected that Qian Li and his wife had hooked up with the four fake geologists and had already left to find the treasure first, so they left the other team members and went to find the treasure without saying hello.
“明白了，自始至终，鲁一丰给其他队员看的藏宝图都不是百分百真实的。”王叶当初也只从姚浩那里看到一半，并没有看到全部的藏宝图，而那一半是正确的，显然后面拿出来的一半藏宝图有问题。
"I understand, from beginning to end, the treasure map that Lu Yifeng showed to the other team members is not 100% real." Wang Ye only saw half of the treasure map from Yao Hao at the beginning, and did not see all the treasure maps, and those half were correct, obviously there was something wrong with the half of the treasure maps that were taken out later.
“但鲁一丰他们不知道想要找到宝藏，不止要有藏宝图，还得有那条项链。但那四个假地质员和马伟却都知道这一点。”
But Lu Yifeng didn't know that if they wanted to find the treasure, they had not only to have a treasure map, but also that necklace. But the four fake geologists and Ma Wei knew this. ”
王叶觉得这点很有意思，因为他并不觉得那项链是关键，只有地图才是最重要的。
Wang Ye found this very interesting, because he didn't think that the necklace was the key, only the map was the most important.
所以他看到金镯子中的刻纹后，并没有把金镯子买下来，因为他觉得金镯子并不是必需品。任务也没有要求必须带上金项链和金手镯。
So when he saw the engraving in the gold bracelet, he didn't buy it, because he didn't think it was a necessity. There is also no requirement to bring a gold necklace and a gold bracelet.
至于假地质员和马伟怎么会确定寻宝必须要有金项链这点，恐怕只有碰到他们的人，才能搞清楚。
As for how the fake geologist and Ma Wei were sure that the treasure hunt must have a gold necklace, I'm afraid that only those who meet them can figure it out.
“鲁一丰六个人出来寻找那四个假地质员，结果却找到了这个山洞附近，他们怀疑这山洞里有什么，却不敢进入，就在不远处扎营并商量。而你故意露面，把他们引到了第二个迷踪阵？”
Lu Yifeng and six people came out to look for the four fake geologists, but they found near this cave, they suspected that there was something in this cave, but they didn't dare to enter, so they camped not far away and discussed. And you deliberately showed up and led them to the second maze array? ”
“嗷呜。” "Whew."
“为什么？因为你不想那六个人找到这个山洞？” "Why? Because you don't want those six people to find this cave? ”
“嗷嗷。” "Whew."
王叶点头，事情总算理清楚了：“也就是说除了钱丽夫妇，之前失踪的十个人都被困在第二个迷踪阵里。而这十个人都犯了某些错误，偷盗、欺骗、遗弃，还有伤害幼崽。”
Wang Ye nodded, and the matter was finally clear: "That is to say, except for Qian Li and his wife, the ten people who disappeared before were all trapped in the second maze array. And all ten of them made certain mistakes, stealing, cheating, abandoning, and hurting the cubs. ”
“而剩下的人被困在第一个迷踪阵内，也是你故意把人引到里面，为的就是惩罚他们不该伤害幼崽。马伟更是犯了杀人罪。”
"And the rest of the people are trapped in the first maze circle, and you deliberately lure people in to punish them for not hurting the cubs. Ma Wei even committed homicide. ”
“嗷呜嗷呜！”雪狼似乎在表达不满。 "Woohoo!" The snow wolf seemed to be expressing displeasure.
王叶特别无奈：“我们把姚浩等人救走，你不想找麻烦，已经想放过他们，但谁想我把他们带到了罗荒村，那里正好也是你的庇护范围，偏偏那些脱困的探险队员又有几个触犯了你定下的村规。所以你就让他们失踪了？”
Wang Ye was particularly helpless: "We rescued Yao Hao and the others, you don't want to make trouble, you already want to let them go, but who would think that I took them to Luohuang Village, which happens to be your shelter, but a few of those expedition members who escaped from trouble violated the village rules you set." So you just let them go missing? ”
“嗷嗷！” "Whew!"
“最后一个问题，金朗还活着吗？啥？他在奔跑中自己吓自己，跑进荒野被狗熊拖走了？”王叶没想到金朗会是这个结局。
"Last question, is Kim Lang still alive? What? He scared himself while running, ran into the wilderness and was dragged away by a bear? Wang Ye didn't expect Jin Lang to be this ending.
虫巢中的老小这时都围在山洞口，听故事听得津津有味。
At this time, the old and young in the hive were all gathered at the mouth of the cave, listening to the stories with relish.
雪狼则十分警惕地盯着这一干老小，坚决不让他们进入身后山洞一步。
The snow wolf stared at the young and old man very vigilantly, and resolutely did not let them enter the cave behind them.
“嗨，打个商量，你让我进去里面看一看，只要我能解开一个谜题，我就送你一瓶十分适合你的药剂怎么样？”王叶打商量。
"Hey, let's talk about it, why don't you let me go inside and have a look, and if I can solve a puzzle, I'll give you a potion that suits you perfectly?" Wang Ye discussed.
雪狼不为所动。 The snow wolf was unmoved.
“开智药剂哦，可以让你变得更聪明。”王叶诱惑。 "Wisdom Elixir can make you smarter." Wang Ye temptation.
雪狼头部微动，似乎有点心动。 The snow wolf's head moved slightly, and it seemed to be a little excited.
王叶为了尽快完成任务，干脆说破：“其实我知道，你身后的山洞很可能就是传承入口，但你没有通过传承考验，就算守着入口，你也没办法进去。”
雪狼露出凶狠之态。
大黑：“汪！”
雪狼：“嗷呜——！”
随后荒野中就响起了一连串的狼叫狗吠声。
王叶想要捂住耳朵，今天他满脑子都是狼嚎狗叫声。
“够了！”虫老呵斥，他也嫌吵。
雪狼和大黑同时停下，算是给了虫老几分面子。
大黑斜睨雪狼，别以为你是狼，我就怕你，老子的实力可比你强！
雪狼昂起头，露出超级高傲的神情。
大黑：“汪！”丫的没办法谈了，揍它！
王叶吃吃笑，没立刻动手，为了一百万经验值，他狠心加大了筹码：“雪啊，你守了这么多年，结果却守了一场空，不难受吗？我知道你很想干掉我们，偏偏你又打不过我们。现在传承考验都已经消失，你就更没办法进入传承入口了。不过我可以答应你，如果你让我进入山洞查看情况，当我进入传承入口时会带你一起进去。不过如果传承入口拒绝你进入，你可不能怪我。”
雪狼猛地凝神看向王叶。
王叶举起三根手指：“我可以用我的灵魂发誓，绝不会骗你，否则我将永远被困在这片荒野，再也无法走出去。”
Wang Ye raised three fingers: "I can swear with my soul that I will never lie to you, otherwise I will be trapped in this wilderness forever and will never be able to get out again." ”
雪狼沉默地看王叶。 The snow wolf looked at Wang Ye in silence.
王叶满脸诚挚地回看。 Wang Ye looked back with sincerity on his face.
虫老皱眉，他很不赞成王叶随便发出如此重誓。 The insect elder frowned, he didn't approve of Wang Ye casually making such a heavy oath.
这雪狼守住洞口又怎样，他们完全可以打进去。 What about this snow wolf guarding the entrance of the cave, they can completely enter it.
虫老甚至在想他这个徒弟是不是有点过于妇人之仁。
王叶暗中给虫老传音，让他别破坏自己的计划。 Wang Ye secretly sent a message to the insect elder and asked him not to sabotage his plan.
“打嘛打？我们又不是强盗，不过再多加一个偷渡名额而已，反正到时候我肯定是要带着雷木和金宝他们一起进去的，师父们要是想去也可以一起去。”
"Fight, fight? We're not robbers, but we just have one more smuggling quota, anyway, I'm definitely going to take Lei Mu and Jinbao in with them, and the masters can go together if they want to. ”
虫老：“……你也不怕被那个传承入口给踢出来！” Worm Boss: "...... You're not afraid of being kicked out of that heritage entrance! ”
王叶：“大不了不进去呗。” Wang Ye: "It's a big deal, don't go in." ”
王叶觉得他学得已经够多了，再来一个传承，他不知道自己能不能啃下来。如果能互通最好，如果互相冲突怎么办？
Wang Ye felt that he had learned enough, and if there was another inheritance, he didn't know if he could gnaw it down. It's best if they can communicate with each other, and what if they conflict with each other?
甚至王叶还在筹谋卖掉这个传承入口名额，相信地球人尤其是华夏人，应该会有很多人感兴趣。
Even Wang Ye is still planning to sell this inheritance entrance place, I believe that there should be many people interested in the earthlings, especially the Huaxia people.
虫老还想说什么，却见那只雪狼竟然让开了通道，露出了后面的山洞口。
The worm elder wanted to say something, but saw that the snow wolf actually let go of the passage, revealing the entrance of the cave behind.
第342章 阴魂将领、宝藏 Chapter 342: Yin Soul General, Treasure
王叶进入了山洞。 Wang Ye entered the cave.
雪狼身影消失，洞中出现淡淡的雾气，但并没有弥漫整个山洞，而是跟着王叶一行移动。
The figure of the snow wolf disappeared, and a faint mist appeared in the cave, but it did not permeate the entire cave, but moved with Wang Ye and his party.
王叶在雪狼面前也不用伪装，直接拿出数盏魔法灯。 Wang Ye didn't need to disguise himself in front of the snow wolf, and directly took out a few magic lamps.
魔法灯悬浮在半空，把山洞照得宛如白昼之下。 The magic lamp floated in mid-air, illuminating the cave as if it were daylight.
雾气围着魔法灯绕了一圈，它也看到过不少古代和现代灯具，但没见过这种能自己悬浮还能自己跟着跑的灯。
The mist circled the magic lamp, and it had seen many ancient and modern lamps, but it had never seen a lamp that could levitate on its own and run along with it.
进入洞内的一段路比较狭窄，到了中段还有分道口，四通八达。
The road into the cave is relatively narrow, and there is a road crossing in the middle section, which leads in all directions.
往里走，有些洞壁上能看到清楚的壁画，不是很精美的那种，就是随手涂鸦一般，零零碎碎，大多刻画的是人和动物的简笔画，也没有形成完整的故事。
Walking inside, you can see clear murals on some cave walls, not very exquisite, just graffiti-like, fragmentary, most of them depict stick figures of people and animals, and do not form a complete story.
看来这里以前应该有人类生活过，还是很古早以前。 It seems that there must have been humans living here before, or a long time ago.
雾气并没有带路。 The fog didn't lead the way.
王叶进入洞内，忽然发现这洞内的地形以及通道和他看到的某个图形十分类似。
Wang Ye entered the cave and suddenly found that the terrain and passage in the cave were very similar to a certain figure he saw.
这不就是金手镯中的部分图形吗？ Isn't this part of the pattern in a gold bracelet?
原来藏宝地点指的是这里。 It turns out that the location of the treasure is here.
有地图在，王叶就不用费脑子了，直接按照图形走就是。
With a map, Wang Ye doesn't have to bother with his brains, just follow the graphics.
雾气看王叶突然加快脚步，但走的方向和它想得却不一致，以为他走错了，但雾气并没有好心提醒王叶。
The mist saw that Wang Ye suddenly accelerated his pace, but the direction of his walk was inconsistent with what he thought, thinking that he had gone wrong, but the mist did not kindly remind Wang Ye.
虫老以及大黑他们就跟在王叶身后，虫老还好，几个小的一路走一路寻找好吃好玩的，嘻嘻哈哈没半点紧张。
Worm Lao and Da Hei They followed behind Wang Ye, Worm Lao was fine, a few small ones walked all the way to find delicious and fun, and they were not a little nervous.
金宝蹿到王叶肩头，支棱起小身体，脑袋贴着王叶耳朵小声说：“爸叽，这里有金属矿，很多，能量很丰富。”
Jin Bao jumped to Wang Ye's shoulder, supported his small body, and whispered with his head against Wang Ye's ear: "Dad, there are many metal mines here, and the energy is very rich." ”
王叶也没惊讶，西伯荒野本来矿藏就不少，这里又是魔力喷发点，还是传承地入口，有矿藏真的太正常了。
Wang Ye was not surprised, there were a lot of mineral deposits in the Xibo Wilderness, and this was the eruption point of magic power, or the entrance to the inheritance land, it was really normal to have mineral deposits.
但能让金宝说是能量丰富的矿藏，那肯定不一般。 But to make Jinbao an energy-rich mineral deposit is certainly not ordinary.
不过现在不是开采的好时机，这个山洞显然是雾气的老巢。
But now is not a good time to mine, this cave is clearly a lair of fog.
途中，有些通道已经崩塌，被堵住了。 On the way, some passages have collapsed and are blocked.
但这对王叶他们来说，压根不是什么难事。 But this is not a difficult thing for Wang Ye and them at all.
最后一段通道还在水下，但看图形上的显示，这里原本应该没有水。
The last section of the passage is still underwater, but judging by the graphics, there should have been no water here.
通过水道往下游了没多久就遇到一块巨石。 Not long after going downstream through the waterway, I came across a boulder.
那巨石挡住了通道口。 The boulder blocked the entrance to the passage.
而水流则顺着巨石的缝隙流入后方。 The water flows through the cracks in the boulders to the rear.
王叶移开巨石，水流哗啦涌入通道。 Wang Ye moved away from the boulder, and the water rushed into the passage.
雾气看王叶来到这里，终于明白他来找什么了。 Seeing that Wang Ye came here, the fog finally understood what he was looking for.
“嗷呜。”雾气再次变成雪狼。 "Whew." The fog turns into a snow wolf again.
大黑用脑袋蹭了蹭王叶。 Da Hei rubbed Wang Ye with his head.
王叶拍拍大黑，表示他心里有数。 Wang Ye patted Da Hei, indicating that he knew it in his heart.
等水流变缓，王叶才进入巨石后方的通道内。 Waiting for the water to slow down, Wang Ye entered the passage behind the boulder.
这是金手镯图形指出的最后一部分。 This is the last part indicated by the gold bracelet graphic.
王叶一进去就看到十几具尸体。 As soon as Wang Ye entered, he saw more than a dozen corpses.
根据这十几具尸体的穿着，可以判断出他们大约是四五个世纪之前的古人，距今还不算太远。
Based on the clothing of these dozen or so corpses, it can be judged that they are ancient people about four or five centuries ago, which is not too far away.
不知道是不是因为这个山洞的环境比较特殊，这些尸体竟然都是天然的湿尸，尸身都没有腐烂，只是皮肤萎缩头发稀疏。
I don't know if it's because the environment of this cave is special, these corpses turned out to be natural wet corpses, and the corpses did not decompose, but the skin shrunk and the hair was thin.
而这十几具尸体身上都有不同程度的伤痕，他们身边也都放有刀剑等武器，还有一些一看就是盗墓的装备。
And these dozen corpses all have different degrees of scars on their bodies, and they also have swords and other weapons around them, as well as some equipment that looks like tomb robbery.
王叶猜测这十几个人大约就是四五百年前的盗墓者，他们也许根据某些线索找到了这个山洞，但最后却互相残杀死在这里。
Wang Ye guessed that these dozen people were tomb robbers from about four or five hundred years ago, and they may have found this cave according to some clues, but in the end they killed each other here.
而金项链和金手镯的制作时间也跟这些人的死亡时间差不多，也是四五百年的历史。
And the production time of gold necklaces and gold bracelets is about the same as the time of death of these people, which is also four or five hundred years old.
王叶怀疑这群人中应该有人逃出去了，他还精心制作了金项链和金手镯……也许是两个人。
Wang Ye suspected that someone in the group should have escaped, and he also elaborately made gold necklaces and bracelets...... Maybe two people.
他们分别制作了两张地图，也许还约好让后人再来寻找宝藏，可后来也许因为战争、也许因为生老病死等各种原因，两家人分开了，藏宝图也分开了，关于藏宝图的传说也就此断绝。
They made two maps respectively, and perhaps made an appointment for future generations to come back to find the treasure, but later, perhaps due to various reasons such as war, or birth, old age, sickness and death, the two families separated, and the treasure map was also separated, and the legend about the treasure map was cut off.
“汪！”大黑冲着山洞里的住客叫唤。 "Wang!" Big Black called out to the occupants of the cave.
王叶这才把目光转向那些住客。 Only then did Wang Ye turn his attention to those guests.
那是几十个阴魂。 That's dozens of ghosts.
这些阴魂还保留着生前的模样，穿着盔甲，手持武器，就飘荡在那里，身形很淡。
These ghosts still retain their original appearance, wearing armor and holding weapons, and they are floating there, and their bodies are very light.
当看到生人进来，那些阴魂齐刷刷地转头看向王叶他们，并向他们飘荡过来，还对着他们吹出一股淡淡的黑气。
When they saw the living people coming in, those yin spirits turned their heads to look at Wang Ye and them, and floated towards them, blowing a faint black gas at them.
但这些黑气全都没能靠近王叶几个。 But none of these black gases could get close to Wang Ye.
这些阴魂还很不服气，还在用劲吹。 These ghosts are still very unconvinced, and they are still blowing hard.
大黑看不过眼，就汪了一声。 Da Hei couldn't see it, so he snorted.
其中一名阴魂的目光与王叶对上，脸上竟然出现了惊讶的表情。
One of the Yin Spirits met Wang Ye's gaze, and a surprised expression appeared on his face.
那阴魂挥手让所有阴魂都散开，飘到王叶面前。 The yin spirit waved his hand to disperse all the yin spirits and floated in front of Wang Ye.
“汝可见吾？”阴魂说的是古语，无论发音还是文字，都不是现代人能听懂的。
"You can see me?" The Yin Soul speaks an ancient language, neither the pronunciation nor the words can be understood by modern people.
但幸好王叶能直接感应到对方的精神力，能直译对方的意思。
But fortunately, Wang Ye can directly sense the other party's spiritual power and can literally translate the other party's meaning.
“能啊。能说说你们的来历吗？”王叶也用精神力表达了自己的意思。
虫老顺着王叶的目光看过去，什么都没看到。
几小也没有。
“爸叽~，有鬼吗？”金宝紧紧贴着王叶的脖颈，看似冷血动物的身体其实暖呼呼的。
“嗯，是我们华夏的古代士兵，看他们的盔甲和武器制式，很可能是一千六百年前到两千年之间的存在。”王叶回答。
“哇哦，竟然和撒老祖他们的年龄差不多。”几小感叹。
现在只有王叶和大黑能看到那些阴魂，雪狼压根就没有进入这个洞穴，就在外面待着，显然对这个洞穴里的存在有些忌惮。
其他几十个阴魂听到王叶竟然能看到他们，脸上似乎出现了一些好奇的神情，也都看着王叶，但也就是这样，并没有像是长时间被困在一个地点，好不容易见到人的激动。
可能是面对幽灵类存在能自动增加50点好感值这个buff起到作用，也可能是因为大黑，阴魂们对于王叶的态度还算平和。
“两千年……已经过去那么久了吗？”领头的阴魂感叹。
“上次我们醒来，据说是明朝，现在是什么朝代？”领头阴魂注意到王叶和虫老身上的服饰发型都和他们大大不同。
之前来的那一批好歹还是长衣长发，用的东西也能看出一脉相传的痕迹，但现在只漂浮在王叶几人身边的魔法灯，就让阴魂们感到不可思议，这是巫术吗？
“现在已经没有朝代之说。”王叶大致说了一下现在的国家和世界构成。
那几十个阴魂一个个都听得十分仔细，似乎对外界十分好奇。
“你们平时都在沉睡吗？”王叶也察觉到这些阴魂的古怪之处，他们完全没有长时间被困的疯狂和不清醒，但又没有想象中的强大。
"Are you all sleeping?" Wang Ye also sensed the strangeness of these yin spirits, they were not at all crazy and unconscious from being trapped for a long time, but they were not as powerful as they imagined.
领头的阴魂，也是这几十名古代士兵的将领说道：“是，只有生人之气才能唤醒我们，平时我们都是睡着的，我们感觉不到时间流逝。”
The leading Yin Spirit, who was also the general of these dozens of ancient soldiers, said: "Yes, only the breath of the living can wake us up, usually we are asleep, we can't feel the passage of time. ”
“你们是被困在这里吗？”王叶好奇地问。 "Are you trapped here?" Wang Ye asked curiously.
阴魂将领可能很久没跟人说过话了，他也不介意让王叶知道一些事情：“不，我们不是被困在这里，我们是自愿留在这里守护王的宝藏的人。”
The Yin Ghost General may not have spoken to anyone for a long time, and he doesn't mind letting Wang Ye know something: "No, we are not trapped here, we are the ones who voluntarily stayed here to protect the king's treasure. ”
“是哪位王？” "Which king is it?"
阴魂说出了他们王的名字。 The Shade uttered the name of their king.
王叶瞪大眼睛，这位王极有可能和代国有关，代国是北魏前身。
Wang Ye's eyes widened, this king was very likely to be related to Daiguo, which was the predecessor of the Northern Wei Dynasty.
阴魂将领大约觉得王叶的表情很有趣，就跟他说了说当时的情况。
The Yin Soul General probably thought Wang Ye's expression was very interesting, so he told him about the situation at that time.
王叶把阴魂将领跟他说的事情，大致翻译给虫老他们听。
Wang Ye roughly translated what the Yin Ghost General told him to the worm elders.
“简单说就是代国被前秦所灭，当时的代国国王已经察觉国家即将不稳，为了以防万一也是为了有东山再起的可能，就派出一队士兵保护部分财产运送到祖洞，这位将领和他的士兵们就是运送财宝的人。”
"To put it simply, the Daiguo was destroyed by the former Qin, and the king of the Daiguo at that time had already sensed that the country was about to be unstable, so in order to prevent it and also to have the possibility of a comeback, he sent a team of soldiers to protect part of the property and transport it to Zudong, and this general and his soldiers were the ones who transported the treasures."
王叶感到奇怪，请教阴魂将领：“我记得鲜卑族的祖洞不在这里啊。”
Wang Ye felt strange and asked the Yin Soul General: "I remember that the ancestral cave of the Xianbei clan is not here." ”
“除了祖洞那一支族人，我们还有一支族人跑得更远，就是跑到这里，我们的先人在这个洞穴还有附近生活了很久。”阴魂将领解释，他对祖洞时期的传说也不是特别清楚，但这个祖洞就是王告诉他的，让他一定要到这里，因为这里没有人知道。
"In addition to the clan in the ancestral cave, we also have a clan that runs farther, that is, we ran here, our ancestors have lived in this cave and nearby for a long time." The Yin Ghost General explained that he was not particularly clear about the legends of the Ancestral Cave period, but this Ancestral Cave was told to him by the king, and he must come here, because no one here knows.
王叶了然，看来西伯荒野最初的鲜卑人就是这么来的。 Wang Ye knew that this was how the original Xianbei people in the Xibo Wilderness came.
“之后你们一直没有出去过吗？”王叶问。 "Have you never been out since?" Wang Ye asked.
阴魂将领摇头：“我们有出去打听消息，但这里距离老家太远了，消息也无法传到这边来，我们原本想在这里生活安顿，但一夜醒来，我们就都变成了这样。”
The Yin Soul General shook his head: "We went out to inquire about the news, but this place is too far away from our hometown to reach this place, we originally wanted to live and settle here, but when we woke up one night, we all became like this." ”
“你们在一夜之间全都死了？”王叶皱眉。 "You all died overnight?" Wang Ye frowned.
阴魂将领却很平静：“这个山洞内有一股很古怪的能量，时不时地会涌出，那次我们恰好就碰到那股能量涌出的时候，可能我们的身体无法承受那股能量，但我们的灵魂却被那股能量保存下来。这样也好，我们变成这样也可以长长久久地守护王的宝藏。”
The Yin Soul General was very calm: "There is a very strange energy in this cave, which gushes out from time to time, and when we happen to encounter that energy gushing out, maybe our body can't bear that energy, but our souls are preserved by that energy. In this way, we can become like this, and we can protect the king's treasure for a long time. ”
“可时间已经过去一千七百年，你们那位王的后代都已经消失在历史长河中，你们再继续守护下去，也没什么意义，而且随着时间过去越久，你们守护的那些宝藏也差不多快烂光了吧？”王叶特别耿直地道。
"But 1,700 years have passed, and the descendants of your king have all disappeared into the long river of history, so there is no point in you continuing to protect them, and the more time passes, the treasures you protect will almost rot away, right?" Wang Ye is particularly upright and authentic.
阴魂将领却没有被激怒，他甚至笑了笑：“当你说时间过去快两千年，我们就知道守护已经毫无意义，实际上在上次有人进入这里时，我们就已经发现时间过去很久很久了。但我们无法离开这里，而当生人全部离开，我们必然会陷入沉睡，当生人进来，我们就必然会醒来。我们总得给自己找点事做，否则光睡觉也挺无聊的。”
The Yin Ghost General was not provoked, he even smiled: "When you say that almost two thousand years have passed, we know that guarding is meaningless, in fact, the last time someone entered here, we already found that time has passed a long, long time. But we can't get out of here, and when all the living people leave, we will inevitably fall into a deep sleep, and when the living people come in, we will inevitably wake up. We have to find something to do for ourselves, otherwise it's boring to just sleep. ”
“如果我说我能帮助你们超度呢？” "What if I say I can help you get over?"
“超度？” "Excess?"
“就是帮助你们的灵魂彻底安息，你们的灵魂会化作天地间最纯粹的能量。”
"It is to help your souls to rest completely, and your souls will be transformed into the purest energy in heaven and earth."
“……那这里的财宝怎么办？你想要吗？”阴魂将领笑眯眯地问。
“…… What about the treasure here? Do you want it? The Yin Ghost General asked with a smile.
王叶眨眨眼：“要看是什么东西，如果很贵重，我可以捐献给国家。”
Wang Ye blinked: "It depends on what it is, if it is very valuable, I can donate it to the country." ”
“你过来。”阴魂将领竟然真的带王叶去看宝藏。 "Come here." The Yin Soul General actually took Wang Ye to see the treasure.
王叶也毫无戒心似的，很开心地就跟上去了。 Wang Ye was also unsuspecting, and happily followed.
大黑甩着尾巴，盯着其他阴魂。 Big Black flicked his tail and stared at the other ghosts.
如果这些阴魂有异常举动，它可以把他们都吞了。 If these ghosts behave abnormally, it can swallow them all.
但那些阴魂有点懒洋洋的，还朝着大黑指指点点，似乎对它的体型很好奇。
But the ghosts were a little lazy, and they were still pointing at the big black fingers, as if curious about its size.
虫老转头看洞口处的雪狼，那雪狼就蹲坐在洞口，也不进来，但也没有离开。
The old worm turned his head to look at the snow wolf at the entrance of the cave, and the snow wolf sat at the entrance of the cave, and did not come in, but did not leave.
金宝不知何时溜到了洞壁边沿，他体型小，虽然金灿灿的，但注意它的阴魂也不多。
Jin Bao slipped to the edge of the cave wall at some point, he was small, although he was golden, but he didn't pay much attention to its ghost.
金宝吞咽口水，这些石头闻起来真的好好吃，他就吃一口，就咬一口。
Jinbao swallowed, these stones smelled really delicious, he took a bite, and took a bite.
咔嚓，咔嚓，金宝快速啃咬起山壁。 Click, click, Jinbao quickly gnawed down on the mountain wall.
阴魂们见这只金色小四脚蛇在啃石头，没有一个在意。 The ghosts saw that the little golden four-legged snake was gnawing on the stone, and none of them cared.
小光在最初进入山洞时就隐形了，这会儿谁也没看见，她正飞在王叶身前。
Xiaoguang was invisible when she first entered the cave, and no one saw it at this time, she was flying in front of Wang Ye.
洞内还有一个套洞。 There is also a set of holes in the cave.
套洞不大，里面堆积着几十口箱子。 The hole is not large, and dozens of boxes are piled up inside.
都这么长时间了，这几十口木箱竟然还没有腐烂。 It's been so long, and these dozens of wooden boxes haven't rotted yet.
王叶敲击这些木箱，听到宛如金石般的声音。 Wang Ye knocked on these wooden boxes and heard a sound like gold and stone.
王叶甩了一个鉴定术，鉴定结果告诉他，这些木箱的材质就如他所想，全都是乌木制成。
Wang Ye threw an appraisal technique, and the appraisal results told him that the material of these wooden boxes was just as he thought, all of them were made of ebony.
阴魂将领示意他打开箱子。 The Shadow General motioned for him to open the chest.
王叶就真的打开其中一个。 Wang Ye really opened one of them.
第343章 解谜、石片 Chapter 343: Puzzle solving, stone chips
一口箱子里全是马蹄金，哪怕时间过去将近两千年，仍旧金光灿烂。
A box full of horseshoe gold, even after nearly two thousand years, it is still golden.
可惜王叶现在对金子已经不是很感兴趣了，他已经不是当初刚进游戏，看到一点金子都会眼红心跳的穷鬼。尤其在他们家卖培植液开始奔小康后。
It's a pity that Wang Ye is not very interested in gold now, he is no longer the poor ghost who just entered the game and would blush when he saw a little gold. Especially after their family sold cultivation liquid and began to be well-off.
而且身为银月帝国的继承人之一，他每年都能获得丰厚的王子俸禄。
And as one of the heirs of the Silver Moon Empire, he can get a rich prince every year.
另外他还获得了撒家地宫里一多半的财富——历代国王们赠送给他的超度费用，这可是撒家历代国王累积了千多年的财富，加起来的数量堪比现任大帝撒尔曼的私库。
所以王叶现在眼界可高啦，一般两般的金银珠宝已经不能再震动他。
再打开第二口箱子，里面是一箱美玉。
王叶眼中满是失望：只是漂亮的石头，一点能量都没有，送给金宝，金宝都不会咬一口。
第三口箱子，里面是放得整整齐齐的一套青铜酒杯和酒壶。
王叶：这东西只能放在博物馆里展览了，就是用都要担心金属中毒。
但不可否认的是，三口箱子内的宝贝，加起来的价值已不可估量，哪怕低卖，也不会少于上亿资金。
阴魂将领示意王叶打开第四口箱子。
王叶脸上露出了明晃晃的无聊之色，他希望第四口箱子里的东西至少能让他惊艳一把。
第四口箱子刚一打开，一道光芒迅速笼罩住王叶全身。
王叶正要脱离光芒带，忽然感到熟悉的吸力。 Wang Ye was about to break away from the light belt when he suddenly felt a familiar suction.
就在王叶一愣神之间，就感到眼前一花，他已离开山洞，出现在了一个小湖泊边。
Just when Wang Ye was stunned, he felt a flower in front of him, he had left the cave and appeared by a small lake.
王叶特别无语，他已经万分提防，而且他看过因果卷，阴魂将领对他虽然算不上友好，但恶意也不是很多。
可现在是怎么回事？ But what's going on now?
他为什么会灵魂离体，还有这里是哪里？ Why did he leave his body, and where is this place?
正当王叶要到四周看看情况，脑中就响起了系统的警告声：
Just as Wang Ye was about to look around to see the situation, a warning sound of the system sounded in his head:
【查知玩家隔壁小王非法登录，玩家隔壁小王的精神波已经被记录，每个灵魂只能拥有一个游戏ID，请隔壁小王不要试图钻游戏空子，十秒之后，你会被强制下线。】
[Check that the player's next door Xiao Wang illegally logged in, the player's next door Xiao Wang's spiritual wave has been recorded, each soul can only have one game ID, please don't try to exploit the game loophole, ten seconds later, you will be forced offline. 】
王叶：？？？ Wang Ye: ???
什么意思？ What do you mean?
我怎么非法登录了？ How did I log in illegally?
我不是相当于一直就在《极度危险》这个游戏当中吗？就从没有下线过！
Haven't I always been in the game Extreme Danger? It's never been offline!
王叶还没有搞清楚状况，十秒过后，游戏系统毫不犹豫地把他踢了出来。
Wang Ye hadn't figured out the situation yet, and after ten seconds, the game system kicked him out without hesitation.
王叶就感到身体一沉，睁开眼就见那阴魂将领正漂浮在他上方。
Wang Ye felt his body sink, and when he opened his eyes, he saw that the Yin Ghost General was floating above him.
看到他睁开眼，阴魂将领十分惊讶：“你这么快就回来了？”
Seeing him open his eyes, the Yin Ghost General was very surprised: "You came back so soon?" ”
王叶：“……”缓缓坐起身，盘膝，面无表情地瞪视阴魂将领。
Wang Ye: "......" slowly sat up, crossed his knees, and glared at the Yin Ghost General with an expressionless face.
阴魂将领降低高度，也盘膝坐下，与王叶面对面：“魔法师？超凡者？你和那只雪狼有关系吗？”
The Yin Soul General lowered his height, also sat down cross-legged, and faced Wang Ye face to face: "Magician? The Transcendent? Do you have anything to do with that snow wolf? ”
“不装了？”王叶没好气地道。 "Not pretending?" Wang Ye said angrily.
“我也没装，前面说的都是实话。”阴魂将领单手支颚，乐不可支，眉眼也十分生动，军痞味再也遮掩不住，说话也不再是古风，不需要王叶在脑中再翻译一边，说出的就是大白话，而且还是双月星通用语！
"I didn't pretend either, what I said earlier was the truth." The Yin Soul General supported his jaw with one hand, he was very happy, his eyebrows and eyes were also very vivid, the smell of military ruffians could no longer be hidden, and his speech was no longer ancient, he didn't need Wang Ye to translate it in his mind, what he said was the vernacular, and it was the lingua franca of the Double Moon Star!
王叶：“……刚才我过去的是双月星？” Wang Ye: "...... I just passed the Twin Moon Star? ”
“是啊，我听到你和那中年人说话，说的就是双月星通用语，我就知道你们是从那边过来的，或者和我们一样，去过那边，并在那边长期生活过。”阴魂将领这时说话的语气才像是真正遇到了老乡。
"Yes, I heard you talking to that middle-aged man, speaking the lingua franca of the Twin Moon Stars, and I knew that you came from over there, or like us, you have been there and lived there for a long time." At this time, the tone of the Yin Soul General's speech was as if he had really met his fellow countryman.
王叶脑中过滤一遍，指向第四口木箱：“游戏头盔和游戏舱？”
Wang Ye filtered it in his mind and pointed to the fourth wooden box: "Game helmet and game cabin? ”
“啥？” "What?"
“我是说那个木箱，其实就是登入双月星的通道，对吗？”
"I mean, that wooden box is actually a gateway to the Twin Moon Stars, right?"
“没错。”这次阴魂将领听懂了，坦然承认。 "That's right." This time, the Yin Ghost General understood and admitted it calmly.
王叶揉揉眉心：“所以你们说是经常在睡觉，其实就是进入了双月星？在那边生活着？”
Wang Ye rubbed his eyebrows: "So you say that you often sleep, but in fact, you have entered the Double Moon Star?" Living over there? ”
“是啊。”阴魂将领还兴致勃勃地道：“我们一开始可没你这么镇定，到了那边发现竟然有了身体，都惊讶得不得了，我们还以为都复活了，偏生周围看起来还和我们老家差不多，我们就结伴往外走，结果碰到当地土著……”
"yes." The Yin Soul General also said with great interest: "We were not as calm as you at first, but when we got over there, we were surprised to find that we had a body, and we thought that we were all resurrected, and the surrounding area of the partial life still looked similar to our hometown, so we went out together, and we ran into the local indigenous ......"
阴魂将领说得口沫横飞，全是他带领兄弟们如何征服那些土著并在当地建立土匪窝……建立政权的事。
The Shadow General was foaming at the mouth of his tongue about how he led his brothers to conquer the natives and establish a bandit den in the area...... The establishment of the regime.
“后来我们打下几座山头，往外扩张一段时间才知道，那一片连绵不断的群山被叫做十万大山。”
"Later, we dug down a few mountains and expanded outward for a while, only to know that the continuous mountains were called the 100,000 Great Mountains."
“你说你们去的地方叫十万大山？”王叶忙确认。
阴魂将领点头，忽然叹息：“本来我们可以发展出更大的政权，在那里建立新的代国。谁想我们竟然遇到了一些天生有奇特能力的人，这些人被当地人称为神眷者。这些神眷者大多是那些小部落的巫，我们和他们相遇，如果不是我们具有不死之力……”
The Yin Ghost General nodded, and suddenly sighed: "Originally, we could have developed a larger regime and established a new dynasty there. Who would have thought that we would have met some people who were born with strange abilities, and these people are known as the Divine Ones by the locals. Most of these gods are witches of those small tribes, and we meet them, if it weren't for our immortal power......"
王叶再次叫停：“你说的不死之力，是不是每次在双月星死亡，你们就会回到这边，然后再进入木箱，就能在双月星再复活？”
Wang Ye stopped again: "The immortal power you are talking about, is it that every time you die in the Twin Moon Star, you will return here, and then enter the wooden box, and you can be resurrected in the Twin Moon Star?" ”
阴魂将领一拍大腿：“没错！我们就是靠这个本事才能和那些部落的巫斗得旗鼓相当，后来那些巫联合起来和我们谈判，我们不再互相攻打，而是融合，我们逐渐就和那些小部落生活在一起，并形成了一个大部落，直到后来遇到白鹿国国主唐博。”
听到唐博的名字，王叶觉得自己一点都不惊讶，甚至他脑中出现了一条清晰的线，还差一点点就能连起来。
Hearing Tang Bo's name, Wang Ye felt that he was not surprised at all, and even a clear line appeared in his mind, and it was almost connected.
阴魂将领提起唐博，丝毫没有遮掩自己的敬佩：“那位是个特别厉害的家伙，脑子也不知道怎么长的，会很多东西，本身又是神眷者，还是很厉害的神眷者，他身边那个大将古鼎更是特别能打，那些巫都叫他魔将。你知道他们的名字吧？”
When the Yin Soul General mentioned Tang Bo, he did not hide his admiration at all: "That is a very powerful guy, he doesn't know how to grow his brain, he knows a lot of things, he is a god himself, he is still a very powerful god person, the general Gu Ding next to him is even more capable of fighting, and those witches call him a demon general." You know their names, right? ”
王叶点头。 Wang Ye nodded.
阴魂将领满是骄傲地道：“我想你们也应该知道，他们俩的大名在整个双月星无人不知。后来十万大山都归了白鹿国，那位也如他所言，让十万大山里的部族都过上了好日子。”
The Yin Soul General said proudly, "I think you should also know that the names of the two of them are known throughout the Twin Moon Stars. Later, the 100,000 mountains were returned to the White Deer Kingdom, and as he said, the tribes in the 100,000 mountains lived a good life. ”
“你们在双月星过了一千七百多年？”王叶忍不住问。 "You've spent more than 1,700 years in the Twin Moons?" Wang Ye couldn't help but ask.
阴魂将领哈哈笑，特别得意地说：“是啊，我们现在还是白鹿国人，而且是白鹿国不为人知的最强大的力量，俺们国主走的时候可是把白鹿国托付给我们了，谁敢欺负我们白鹿国，老子们揍不死他！”
The Yin Soul General laughed, and said proudly: "Yes, we are still from the White Deer Country, and we are the most powerful unknown force in the White Deer Country, when our country lord left, he entrusted the White Deer Country to us, who dares to bully our White Deer Country, Lao Tzu can't beat him to death!" ”
王叶终于明白白鹿国为什么在唐博和古鼎离开一千七百年后仍旧在双月星有着极为特殊的地位，不是那两位余威犹存，而是人白鹿国有自己的强大底蕴。
最有意思的是，白鹿国的底蕴竟然是他们地球这边过去的老祖宗，而且说不定那个唐博或者古鼎和地球也有关系。
王叶现在只觉得地球和双月星的关系真的是比他预料的还要亲密。
而且显然远在阴魂将领他们之前，地球就已经和双月星产生联系，因为第四口木箱。
那木箱显然不可能是阴魂们自己炼制出来，那么那木箱是哪里来的？
王叶问出了这个问题。
阴魂将领对此的回答是：“我们也不知道，是真不知道。当年我们装宝贝的可不是这些木箱，那些木箱早就烂光了，我们到了这里后，就在这个洞穴里无意间发现了这些箱子。因为这个洞穴的地点是代王告诉我们的，我们以为这些木箱都是老祖宗留给后代的宝贝。”
“你是说进入双月星的通道不止第四口箱子？”王叶望向那些木箱。
阴魂将领：“没错，有十二个箱子都可以让我们进入双月星。”
阴魂将领忽然叹息：“我们一开始不知道，无意间打开了这些箱子，结果我们的灵魂就全都被吸到了双月星。在那边我们也不知道我们的身体还在这边，就在那边长期生活了，等我们有人死亡回来，才发现我们的身体还在这边，可惜我们回来太迟了，我们的身体都已经死亡。但古怪的是，我们的灵魂并没有溃散，只要进入箱子，就能再在双月星那边复活。”
“是不是灵魂进入这个山洞都很容易保存下来？”王叶猜测。
“是。”
“那些盗墓者的灵魂？”
阴魂将领坦言：“被我们干掉了。”
阴魂将领露出坏笑：“你大概也发现了，我们可以迷惑那些生人的脑子，那些不知怎么找到这里的盗宝者也有点本事，他们竟然绕开了那只雪狼，偷偷就找到了这里。不过他们就算绕开雪狼，却绕不开我们。”
“那些人就是被我们迷惑，把一些陈年烂芝麻的旧账翻出来，十来个人互相打成一团。在他们彼此互斗死亡后，灵魂飘出来，就被我们赶出去交给那只雪狼了。那雪狼吞噬灵魂很厉害，不但不受影响，还能增加实力，我们都叫它吞魂魔兽，它原本并没有实体。”
阴魂将领随口说了一些雪狼的事：“它比我们来得早，似乎很久很久以前就待在这里，最初它应该没有什么明显的意识，后来受地气养成，是天生地长的魔物。但这魔物也不知道受到谁的影响，有着非常奇怪和独到的道德观，最后它没有完全沦为魔物，反而成了这片荒野传言中的守护神。”
“我们住在这里，和它井水不犯河水，何况我们也不经常过来这边。只有生人出现在山洞中，才会让我们察觉并过来一趟。”
王叶了然，又好奇地问：“那些财宝，你们就这么放在这里？”
“没错，就放在这儿，还有比这里更安全的存放地吗？”
王叶一想也是。
阴魂将领又巴拉巴拉地说：“这些箱子的保存效果非常好，而且也不是所有箱子都连接双月星那边，我们就把那笔财宝装到剩余的空箱子里。这么多年来，只有你们和外面躺的那些尸体来过这里，并进入到山洞里面。”
王叶琢磨，总觉得还有什么地方不对劲：“你们就这么笃定来寻宝的人打不过你们？如果有人发现这些箱子的神奇之处，把它们带走了呢？”
“不怕。如果真有人能找到这里还能躲过我们的迷惑，当他们打开这些箱子时，他们的灵魂就会进入双月星。不打开，只移动这些箱子也会，移动任何一个都会。”
银魂将领伸手做了一个斩杀的手势：“到时只要我们把他们留在这边的身体毁掉，他们除非能在双月星那边长期活下去，否则回来也无法复活。但我们都知道那些人进入双月星会落在哪里，所以只要他们进入双月星，我们就会赶过去把他们都干掉，在那边我们可厉害了，可不像这边不能修炼这么弱。这样那些人就死得干干净净了。”
王叶死鱼眼，抱臂道：“你是不是也打算这么对付我们？”
阴魂将领嘿嘿笑，丝毫没有被戳破打算的尴尬：“那就要看你的态度了，想从我们手里夺走宝藏那是不可能的。”
“那你现在对我的态度满意吗？”王叶没好气地道。
“你看着确实不像是缺钱的样子。”阴魂将领搓搓下巴。
“你想要这些财宝吗？”阴魂将领把同样的问题又问了第二遍，神情却和第一遍有所不同。
王叶哼唧：“我顶多能拿两块金子换钱花，再拿两块玉石给我姑做点首饰，其他东西我要了有什么用？有玻璃杯和瓷杯，还有保温杯，我干嘛要用全是铜锈的青铜杯？”
阴魂将领噗噗笑，故意诱惑地道：“还有其他好东西。”
“哦，有什么说来听听。”
“除了金银珠宝、铜币、还有人参灵芝等珍贵物品，这笔宝藏里还有一部完整的《墨子》。”
“《墨子》？墨子所著的书？”王叶微挑眉。这东西倒真的要比其他金银珠宝更值钱。
“对啊，这套书中有墨家的言论思想，也有很多格物之学，包括农事和工事，还有一些医药学，极其宝贵。虽然不是原著，但也是按照原著抄下来的。我们当年在十万大山能获得当地部族的尊重，也是因为我们有了这部书。就是可怜我们这些大老粗，为了理解那书上写的内容，可要老命了。”阴魂将领感叹。
王叶：“那部书现在还在吗？”
“在啊，国主唐博说那部书是宝贝，让我们无论如何收好，将来有机会可以留给我们炎黄子孙的后代。”
王叶想了想，“如果你们愿意，我可以帮你们牵线搭桥，这些宝贝可以出现在博物馆里，供所有后代阅览和了解。”
“……箱子不能给，这个山洞也不能暴露。”
阴魂将领对这些财宝并没有执着之心，他们现在都重点生活在双月星白鹿国，这边更像是一个古老的承诺，不得不偶尔过来看看，而且这些财宝他们也没办法带到双月星，反而是《墨子》一书上的内容，他们记下来，理解了，可以在那边使用。
所以阴魂将领还有他的兄弟们都有了一个新的认知，那就是只有知识才是最宝贵的，可以想带到哪儿就带到哪儿，只要他们还有记忆和理解力的话。
“没问题。我可以把东西带出去，如果你需要，我还能把你们带出去，让你们亲眼看到这些藏宝都是如何被对待的。”王叶道。
阴魂将领惊讶：“你能把我们带出去？真的假的？”
王叶没立刻打包票：“我可以试试。”
“对了，你们是不是跟唐博和古鼎说过这里的木箱，提起你们是从地球过去的？”王叶貌似不经意地提到。
阴魂将领眯起眼睛，“小鬼，你想问什么？”
“我已经问了。”
“我不会告诉你答案，你可以自己猜。”阴魂将领滑头地道。
王叶心中有数了，“看来你们跟他们提起过，甚至那两人还来过这里，对吗？”
阴魂将领闭紧了嘴巴。
王叶呵呵一笑：“你不用紧张，我会问这个问题，是因为地球现在出现了一种游戏，你刚才不是问我什么是游戏头盔和游戏仓吗？”
王叶就把《极度危险》这个游戏介绍了下，并说出他的推测：“虽然不知道这些木箱是谁打造，连通双月星的通道又是怎么出现的，但这显然是《极为危险》这个游戏的前身，是这个游戏能够完成的最重要基础。”
怪不得这个任务不是连环任务却价值一百万经验值！因为只要能完成这个任务，他就相当于知道了游戏的来源，部分来源。
王叶还道：“包括双月星的一些历练秘境，我怀疑也是参考了这种技术。”
阴魂将领还是没有承认，只道：“这些都是你的推测。”
王叶突然伸手摸了摸木箱，道：“那你知道这些木箱是谁打造的吗？它们为什么不能移动？是不是因为关键不在这些木箱，而是在这些木箱下方，这里是不是有一个大型阵法？”
阴魂将领陡然伸手，虚虚按住王叶的手：“别乱动，除非你想再被传送一次，这次我可不会留手，我会直接毁掉你的身体。”
“为啥？”
“你知道太多了。”
王叶哈哈笑。
阴魂将领却没笑。
王叶一跃而起，“行了，我不会动这些箱子，也不会把这个地方泄露出去。告诉你一个秘密，我已经通过传承考验，我也获得了进入道场接受传承的资格。”
阴魂将领大吃一惊，整个灵魂都飘了起来。
王叶冷不丁又道：“唐博和古鼎，是不是也进去了？”
阴魂将领这次不止是吃惊，他提防地看向王叶。
王叶弯起唇角：“老兄你真不用这样。只要知道这些箱子和《极度危险》这个游戏的关系，剩下的事就很容易推理了。我不知道那两人是怎么来到的地球，但他们一定来过这里，而且也通过了考验。因为我在接受考验时就知道，我不是通过考验的第一个人，这个考验一共有三个名额，就因为我拿到了最后一个，那个考验石碑才会裂开，那只雪狼也才会露面，因为它再也没有机会。”
“而且那两人并不像是双月星传说的那样离开后就再也没有回来，他们回去过，否则不会有《极度危险》这个游戏和那些试炼秘境。就算他们没有出现，这个游戏和那些试炼秘境也绝对和他们有关。他们一定提前知道了什么，也许是预言，所以他们早早做了很多准备。”
阴魂将领沉默，他既然受到唐博和古鼎的重托，显然也知道一些秘密。
良久，阴魂将领才问道：“你是双月星人，还是地球人？”
“这很重要吗？”王叶反问。
阴魂将领：“很重要，根据你的回答，我也将给你不同的东西。”
王叶凝视阴魂将领。
阴魂将领也在凝视他。
两个人自然而然进入了精神力比拼。
又在片刻后，不约而同同时撤离精神力，并互相移开目光。
他们不是仇人，没必要死拼。
“我是纯种地球人，更是纯种华夏人，说不定我和你还有血缘关系。”王叶一本正经地说。
阴魂将领：“……没必要这样拉扯关系。”
“一切都有可能嘛，鲜卑族早已经和其他民族融合，谁能保证你不是我家祖宗呢。所以祖宗啊，有什么好处，您可千万要想着你的孙孙啊~”要不是阴魂将领没有实体，王叶能就这么抱上去摇摆。
阴魂将领绷不住了，他就没见过这么会攀扯、这么厚脸皮的人。
“小兔崽子！”阴魂将领笑骂，“你真的通过了传承考验？”
王叶叹息：“不信你可以去问那只雪狼，如果不是我答应它会带它一起，你觉得它会这么轻易让我进来这里吗？”
“你能带它一起进入道场？”阴魂将领一副你小子就会忽悠可怜兽的模样。
王叶冷哼，瞧不起谁呢，“我会尽一切可能。”
他确实会尽一切可能，他不可能把家里老小都丢下，自己跑去接受传承，只看唐博和古鼎消失这么多年都没出现，就知道那个传承道场进入容易出来难，他可不想和雷木他们分别几千年。
别说几千年，几年他都接受不了。
“如果我不能带那只雪狼一起进去，我宁可把名额让给它。”王叶发狠道。
阴魂将领特别无语地看少年半天，觉得这个小少年就是个奇葩。
然后这位阴魂将领真的去询问雪狼了，就把王叶丢在这个藏宝洞里，似乎丝毫不担心他会把这个藏宝洞搬空。
王叶当然不可能光站着什么都不干。
他围着这些箱子转了几圈，还敲敲打打，判断出哪些箱子是连通阵法、具有传送精神体到双月星的作用，哪些箱子又是真的装了东西。
王叶把装了东西的箱子都打开了，就当满足他的好奇心。
有宝贝的箱子不算多，加起来也就十个。
大多数都装着金银珠宝，有一口箱子装着全套的《墨子》，还有其他几本古书，保存状态都非常好。
王叶感兴趣的是两块石头。
这两块石头的鉴定结果是天外陨石，里面含有未知的金属成分。
王叶想着等会儿能不能跟阴魂把这两块石头要过来，他想把里面的未知金属成分让金宝提炼出来。雷木喜欢炼金，把这种地球和双月星都没有出现过的金属送给他，他一定会很高兴。
阴魂将领回来了，他跟雪狼确认了王叶通过传承考验的事，这下他看王叶的目光又有所改变。
阴魂将领看王叶打开所有宝藏箱子，也没在意，指向石墙，示意道：“那里有个小洞，你伸手进去摸，会摸到一样东西，拿出来。”
王叶施展因果循环保护住自己，才伸手往墙壁上的小洞摸去。
但他显然多虑了，石洞里没有任何机关，也许有，但被阴魂将领控制。
王叶摸出了一枚石片。
“这是？”王叶惊讶，他总觉得自己见过这枚石片。
是在哪里见过？
王叶倒搜回忆，终于想起来。
于是，阴魂将领就看王叶手指一晃，手掌里竟然又多出一枚石片，和他从石墙里摸出来的那片几乎一模一样。
第344章 进出许可证
“见鬼！你怎么也有一片？”阴魂将领不可置信。
“稍等。”王叶刚刚听到系统提醒，有人在交易行求购觉醒药剂，题目中直接就放了“金手镯”三个字。
他为了不错过自己的承诺，设置了关键词提醒。
看来那家人已经想通，想要跟他购买觉醒药剂了？
不过怎么会这么快？
他以为至少也要等到外界开始有超凡者传说以后，那家人才会考虑。
王叶出于好奇，还是先打开游戏系统的交易行看了看。
哇哦，这家人这么财大气粗的吗，竟然一下就要购买四瓶。
他以为对方要买也只会先买一瓶，看到效果后，再追购。
王叶心中一动，打开因果卷看了看。
看完，王叶笑了。
原来不是这家人自己想买，有人购买了他们的购买名额，而那家人同意让出。
既然是你们愿意让出，那希望你们将来不会后悔吧。
不过也许购买者将来也不会让这家人吃亏？
毕竟是官方组织。
被官方组织找上头，王叶丝毫没有惊讶。
他早就怀疑各国上层也许都知道一些什么，否则这个游戏不可能这么顺利地在全世界同步推行。
这可是全息游戏！
只要是对国民健康在意的国家都不可能简单让这个游戏发行，肯定要检测再检测，而且肯定会先把全息技术应用在非民用领域，等到把整个全息技术吃透，并且确定这种技术对民众大脑和精神都没有伤害性，国家层面才有可能把全息技术应用到游戏中。
所以这个游戏能发行成功，必然是提前给出了什么，或者让各国看到这个游戏发行的好处。
换言之，各国上层很可能早知道玩这个游戏可以提高全民精神力，乃至刺激超凡能力觉醒，只不过后者会更慢。
也许有些国家保守，不愿意让民众觉醒超凡能力。但总有一些国家会愿意让这游戏在自己国家发行，到时候其他国家的民众精神力提高、记忆力提高、智商提高，乃至出现超凡者，可自己国家的民众还是原地踏步，谁希望这种事发生？
可以说这个游戏的推行者就是抓住了这个“别人有、我也不能落后”的心理，才会在全世界同步推行成功。
既然游戏已经出台，在验证出玩这个游戏确实能提高精神力的基础上，上层寻找刺激超凡者能力觉醒的方法也成了必然。
这就是另一种军备比赛，现在就看哪一国的超凡者先一步出现，以及数量更多、能力更高。
同时为了更好地管控国家，不让超凡者扰乱正常秩序，国家层面就必须先拥有一批属于自己的超凡者。
这就跟国家掌握最高精尖武器和军队一样，到时候哪怕全民“持枪”，也不怕无法压制和管理。
王叶也不想看到正常秩序被打乱，不过他给何军榄等四个孩子的是解除封印药剂，和真的觉醒药剂不一样，他必须问清楚这四瓶药剂到底给谁使用。
否则别人用了没效果，岂不是要砸他的招牌？
王叶点击该交易，给对方发私信，就问了一句话：“四个孩子要用的觉醒药剂和给其他人用的觉醒药剂不同，你们要给谁用？确定好回复，十万一瓶的交易只有四个名额。”
不管收到私信的人看到内容会有多惊讶，以及会怎么想。
王叶发出私信后就把这事暂时放到一边。
阴魂将领就看小少年好端端地突然发起呆，过了好一会儿，才看向他。
阴魂将领忍不住把刚才的问题又问了一遍。
王叶低头看手中两枚石片，使用鉴定术，这次鉴定术没有再给他“无法鉴定”这样的回答，虽然鉴定结果也不多，但好歹让他知道了这石片是什么。
“喂，我在问你话，你没听到吗？”阴魂将领敲小少年脑袋。
王叶躲开，抬头道：“另外一枚石片是双月星一位渔民送给我的。”
“哦？双月星也有这样的石片？”阴魂将领怀疑。
王叶举起石片：“你知道这东西有什么用吗？”
阴魂将领摇头，坦然道：“唐博跟我说过，如果有人也获得进入道场的资格，看我心情，如果我看对方顺眼，就把这东西给对方，如果不想给，那就不给。”
王叶笑：“感谢祖宗你看我顺眼。”
阴魂将领虚点王叶的额头：“你这个小东西，一看就是个刺头不老实的，老子见多你这样的。想当年……”
想当年他也是很让上层将领头疼的一个人，阴魂将领看到王叶有点像是看到了过去的自己。
而且这么多年来，只有王叶一个人通过石碑考验，还忽悠住了那只雪狼，最主要的是王叶是地球华夏人，阴魂将领也出身华夏，不管民族不民族的，就如王叶所说，一千七百多年下来，民族血脉早就混淆，说不定王叶真的能是他的后人。
他当年可是有一妻两妾，分别给他生了两个儿子三个女儿，他还有两个弟弟一个妹妹。当王委托他送出这部分财宝时，他也察觉到代国正处在极度危险中，就暗中把家里老小都偷偷送出了代国，他的手下也有不少人这样做，他都同意了。
也许他和他手下的家人都已经死在战争中，但也有可能有血脉流传下来。
阴魂将领现在看王叶，越看越觉得他长得像他最小的那个弟弟。
而像他弟弟，不也就像他吗？
也许这只是一个巧合，甚至也许只是他的心理作用，但阴魂将领想着东西给谁不是给，反正那石片他留着也没用。
“这东西到底有什么用，快说！”阴魂将领催促。
王叶狡猾一笑：“您先告诉我，如果是双月星人，您会给出什么东西？”
阴魂将领瞪视王叶。
王叶耸肩：“我就好奇而已，又不是想要抢那东西。”
阴魂将领：“你先说，我再告诉你。”
“好吧。”王叶不再继续逗阴魂将领，说出石片用途：“这是进出许可证，相当于你们那个年代的身份牌。”
王叶指了指阴魂将领腰间挂着的金属牌。
阴魂将领了然：“进出哪里？道场？”
“对。”王叶既高兴也有些苦恼，鉴定术跟他说了石片的用途，也让他原先的某个谋算落了空：“通过石碑考验的人只能自己进入道场，最多只可以携带一只契约战兽，如果是蜂类战兽，非智慧从属蜂最多可携带千只。但想要携带多的就不可能了。如果还想要带入其他智慧存在，就必须拥有这枚石片，一枚石片可以带一个智慧存在。”
“那你现在可以带两个了，你也终于不算是忽悠雪狼，你把这件事告诉它，它会很高兴的，说不定会送你一点好东西。”阴魂将领笑道。
王叶却苦恼道：“两枚石片根本不够啊。”
“两枚还不够？你要带多少人？”
“多着呢。”王叶掰手指算了算，“至少还要八枚，最好能有十枚以上。”
阴魂将领失笑：“你以为这是路边野草，随便采采就是一堆？别做梦了，这石片珍贵得很。”
王叶也知道石片珍贵，但就两枚石片，他已经答应带上雪狼，就得言而有信，那剩下的一枚他带谁？
带了雷木，小光是他的契约战虫，能不带吗？
金宝知道两个爸爸都跑了，他能不打滚哭闹要跟上吗？
小云怎么办？回归树人族？
大黑呢？回去找两位老祖？
那还有师父们呢，还有疯药王和靳蜘蛛，还有他姑姑……
王叶是一个都舍不得丢下，这些人可以自己不愿意跟他进入道场，但他必须先要弄到名额，而不是他无法带他们进去，他们只能选择不去。
“有两枚，说不定还有更多枚。”王叶鼓起信心，他就不信地球和双月星加起来只有这两枚石片。
更不相信，他运气会这么好，仅有的两枚石片都到了他手上。
王叶忽然问：“当初唐博和古鼎进入道场，他们是不是也带了人？”
阴魂将领：“……带了吧。”
王叶一拍巴掌：“那就是了！这石片一定还有很多，唐博能找到，我也一定能找到。”
阴魂将领抱臂看王叶，看得王叶毛毛的。
“祖宗，你能别这么看我吗？感觉你像似很想把我下油锅。”王叶道。
阴魂将领吃吃笑：“当年唐博问我愿不愿意跟他一起走，说也许我可以修炼出真正的肉体。但我对现在在双月星的生活很满意，毕竟不是每一个人都有无限复生的机会，还能活这么长时间。虽然我们的复活受限于这些木箱下面的阵法，但正好我和兄弟们都已经商量好，我们都打算炼化现在拥有的那具身体，我们也差不多到了这个实力。”
“等我们真正炼化了现在拥有的身体，我们就没有办法再复活，但我们也可以追求更高层次的可能。”
王叶：“您是想跟我一起进入道场吗？”
阴魂将领摇头：“不，我期待你们回来的那一天，我和兄弟们还得镇压那边的一些牛鬼蛇神。”
王叶忽然感到一丝不妙，阴魂将领此时说的话就像是在立旗子，又像是一种冥冥中的预兆。
上辈子，白鹿国有发生过什么特殊事情吗？
王叶忽然发现他对白鹿国竟然不是很了解，上辈子这个国家一直很低调，也很少听到那边有什么大事发生。
之前他没有多想，但现在见到阴魂将领他们，知道他们是白鹿国的守护神，他就忍不住多想了。
如果这些老祖宗就是唐博留下来的后手，那么当精灵族消失、智慧寄生虫族在双月星肆掠时，这些老祖宗都在干什么？他们为什么不出现？
他相信以唐博的卓见，不可能只请这些老祖宗守护白鹿国。唇亡齿寒的道理，这些老祖宗也不可能不明白。
那些这些实力强大的老祖宗们当年为什么没有出现？甚至他都没有听过他们的半点传闻。
白鹿国这之后一定出事了！
偏偏这些老祖宗们就在这时候决定炼化身体，放弃无限复活的能力，很可能就是在他们炼化身体中或炼化完后出了事。
王叶心里开始琢磨如何提醒阴魂将领，最好暂时不要放弃无限复活的能力，至少等他们接受传承回来后……
“我有一点预知能力。”王叶冷不丁道。
阴魂将领看向他。
王叶：“我刚才不是在发呆吗，其实那时候我突然感觉到什么，但当时我不知道我看到的景象到底代表了什么意思。你知道很多预言景象都很模糊。”
阴魂将领想到白鹿国一个占卜大佬，想到他平时神神叨叨十说九不中的样子，不由自主点头。
“但刚才您说要和兄弟们一起炼化你们那具能量具现化的身体，我突然就明白了我看到的景象代表什么意思了。”
“你到底看到什么了？”阴魂将领原先不在意，这时也被王叶说得在意起来。
王叶绷紧脸皮，一本正经地胡扯道：“我看到盔甲碎裂，盔甲中的光芒被黑暗吞噬。祖宗哎，这个预兆应该指的就是你们，我想你们不应该现在就炼化身体，最好能等到唐博古鼎或者我回来后再说。”
阴魂将领没说话，他在考虑。
王叶也不知道他现在的劝告是否会引起更多麻烦，乃至背负更多因果。
但他不希望阴魂将领和他的兄弟们出事，这可是自己人！
自己人出事，敌人就会强大，此消彼长，这可不是什么好事。
为此，他愿意背负相关因果。
阴魂将领片刻后道：“我会考虑，我们会想要炼化身体，也是担心这里的阵法迟早一天会消失或有什么改变。”
“这样，我可以再给这个阵法和这个山洞做一个加固魔法阵，保证就算这里发生十二级地震，这个山洞和这个阵法都能好好的，也不会让其他任何东西再闯进来。除非对方极为擅长魔法阵，能破得了我布置的魔法阵。”王叶难得大奉送道。
这个魔法阵就当是感谢阴魂将领送他的那枚石片吧。
“如果是这样，我们可以再等等。”
“另外，你们也要小心双月星和白鹿国那边，也许危险不是出在地球这边的山洞，而是那边。尤其注意你们的身边人。”王叶索性把智慧寄生虫族的事告诉了阴魂将领。
阴魂将领震惊：“双月星那边还有这么一个操蛋的玩意？它们能寄生人类和任何生物，还让周围人看不出来？”
“寄生后的被寄生体还能出现一些特异能力。”王叶补充。
阴魂将领连声咒骂，这真是一个太糟糕的消息，随后他像是想到了什么，忽然皱起了眉头。
王叶心里咯噔一下。
阴魂将领深深看王叶，点头：“我知道了，这个消息对我们很重要，我们会留意。”
“如果你们需要帮助，或者需要更多情报，可以联系陨星魔法学校，到时候你们报我的名字，说是我的朋友就行。”王叶很碉地昂起头。
阴魂将领乐：“那你叫什么？你还没跟我说你的名字。”
“我叫王叶，也叫雷叶。”
“这名字听起来有点熟悉，我好像在哪里听过。”阴魂将领忽然啊了一声，一指王叶：“你是小叶子？陨星那个超级天才小叶子？挖了双月魔法学校墙角抢了闻笛，还被银月帝国大帝撒尔曼宣布为继承人之一的那个小叶子？！”
王叶满脸红光：“对，就是我。”
阴魂将领跟刚认识王叶一样，围着小少年转了一圈：“乖乖，原来你就是小叶子。你早说啊。”
王叶嘿嘿笑，心里那个得意啊。
阴魂将领摸摸下巴：“我怎么知道你是真的还是假的？”
王叶翻白眼：“你觉得有几个人有能力地球和双月星两边跑，还能通过石碑考验？”
“也是啊。”阴魂将领现在真相信王叶就是那个小叶子了，看王叶的眼神也亲切了许多。
有名有姓的人物，可信度也能更高一些。
“行吧，你给我们在这个山洞再布置一个魔法阵吧，越坚固越好。我相信当你和唐博他们回来，一定会有办法打破两个世界的实力封锁，让我们都能进入更高层次。”阴魂将领想到他之前察觉的一点事，打算回去就联络陨星魔法学校。
多个朋友多条路，他们可不是墨守成规的老古董，白鹿国和他们现在确实需要帮助，谁能想到还有智慧寄生虫族那么阴险歹毒的玩意。
幸好遇到小叶子，幸好这小家伙还有一点预言能力，好险好险！
“两个世界？地球也有封锁上限？”王叶抓住重点。
阴魂将领笑：“你这小东西倒是精明。我不清楚这边的实力上限是多少，但唐博说这边也有天花板，那就一定有。”
阴魂将领忽然看向洞口，眼神悠远：“这个世界就要改变了对吗？很久以前，我和兄弟们的身体消失后，剩下的魂体根本无法在这个世界修炼，甚至离开山洞范围都有可能随时消失。但现在，这边的能量告诉我，就算我现在出去，我也不会轻易消失，我甚至可以开始转修亡灵魔法。”
“唐博说的能量潮汐出现了，现在就是开始涨潮的时候。”
“但这并不完全是好事。你知道上古一些传说吗？”阴魂将领语气幽幽：“上古传说中，众神众妖魔大战，天下生灵涂炭，最后所有特异存在全都消失，人类重新进入蒙昧时期，宛如野人。”
"But it's not entirely a good thing. Do you know some legends from antiquity? The Yin Soul General's tone was gloomy: "In ancient legends, the gods and demons fought each other, and the world was devastated, and in the end, all the special existences disappeared, and human beings re-entered the period of ignorance, like savages. ”
王叶听懂了：“您是说在远古时候，人类包括其他智慧生灵曾经有过辉煌的文明，但大家为了抢占地盘和资源，也可能只是脾气不好爱打架，最后自己把自己打完了？更甚至毁掉了一个文明时代？”
Wang Ye understood: "Are you saying that in ancient times, human beings, including other intelligent beings, had a glorious civilization, but in order to grab territory and resources, everyone may just have a bad temper and love to fight, and finally finish themselves up?" Or even ruined an era of civilization? ”
“这话是唐博说的，但我们都觉得十分有理。”阴魂将领指向石墙，示意王叶再从石墙中取出一物。
"This was said by Tang Bo, but we all feel very reasonable." The Yin Ghost General pointed to the stone wall and motioned for Wang Ye to take out another item from the stone wall.
王叶照做，再次摸到一枚石片…… Wang Ye did so and touched a stone chip again......
阴魂将领看到王叶表情，笑出来：“对，唐博给了我两枚石片，不管是地球人还是双月星人，我看谁顺眼就送谁一枚。恭喜你，你现在获得了两枚，加上你手中那一枚，就有三枚了。”
“谢谢！”王叶惊喜。这算是好人好报吗？这石片现在对他真的非常重要。
"Thank you!" Wang Ye was pleasantly surprised. Is this a good reward for a good person? This stone tablet is really important to him now.
阴魂将领摆摆手：“你也只有三枚，再有多的，我也不知道在哪里了，你得自己去寻找。不过我可以给你一个提示，这两枚石片，其中一枚就来自地球，所以不止双月星有石片。”
The Yin Soul General waved his hand: "You only have three, and if there are more, I don't know where they are, you have to find them yourself." But I can give you a hint that one of these two stone tablets is from Earth, so there are more than just two moon stars. ”
王叶眼睛亮起来。
阴魂将领又道：“当年唐博和古鼎确实带走了一些人，那些人无一例外都是双月星当时的最强者。”
“我一直都觉得唐博会大方地带那些人一起走，未尝不是担心这些人留在双月星会搞风搞雨，最后提前把双月星毁掉。”
“现在，如果你能弄到更多石片的话，我也希望你能带走更多人，带走的人越厉害越好，这样地球这边说不定能更安稳一些。而且知道一些绝顶存在还活着，并且在其他地方修炼到更高层次，剩下的人也会有几分忌惮，不敢闹得太过。”
王叶不禁肃然起敬，这位阴魂将领看着痞痞的，却是个有大胸怀的人。
事情说到这里，王叶就把阴魂将领引荐给了虫老。
阴魂将领也介绍了自己在双月星白鹿国中的身份和名字，但他没说他那些兄弟的，不过这也就足够了，他们现在刚建立信任关系，一步步来吧。
虫老也介绍了自己。
阴魂将领听说虫老竟然就是那位虫老魔，不禁拱拱手。
虫老听到阴魂将领的真实姓名，也是震惊不已。这位竟然还活着？！
这位可是和唐博古鼎一个时期的大人物，当时很多人都以为他和那两位一起离开了，谁想到他竟然留在了双月星，还一直活到现在。
这个消息要是传出去，不知道能震惊多少人。
虫老再看那二十多个阴魂，想到他们很可能都和这位阴魂将领差不多，也不禁对白鹿国羡慕妒忌起来。
有这么一群守护神在，怪不得白鹿国底气那么足，对谁都不鸟。
王叶说到做到，开始给山洞布置阵法。
王叶还跟雪狼说了石片的事，问它有没有看过类似的东西。
雪狼得知有了这石片，它就一定能和王叶一起进入道场，整只狼都露出了高兴的情绪。
王叶大方地把一枚石片给了雪狼，让它自己保管。
这让雪狼看王叶的眼神也终于从提防和冷漠，变成了亲切和些微喜欢。
王叶刚要布置阵法，却见雪狼把一个木愣愣的鬼魂给牵了出来。
这鬼魂就是钱丽。
雪狼：“嗷呜！”
王叶听懂了，雪狼这是让他有想问的就问。
第345章 变异开始
王叶从钱丽那里得到了最后一块拼图碎片。
钱丽的鬼魂虽然变得木愣愣，但反而没有了狡诈和谎言，问她什么她就说什么，就像是机器人。
事情就如王叶推测，钱丽和丈夫薛辉在拿到项链却失去继承权后，为了还赌债不得不卖了房子，就算这样还不够。
两夫妻为了弄钱无所不用其极，也幸好他们胆子还不算特别大，不敢做明明白白触犯法律的事情。
眼见债主再次逼上门，对他们说出下个月再不还钱，就要摘除他们的身体器官来还债的话，两夫妻终于决定把项链拿出来，并对讨债者编出一套家传藏宝图的谎话。
讨债者压根不相信，但也答应宽限他们还债时间，并主动给他们联系了一个探险直播队伍。
这个探险直播的播主就是鲁一丰，那时他还没有红起来。
鲁一丰和钱丽夫妇对接后，帮助其完善了整个故事链，并决定利用项链中有藏宝图这一点来赚一波快钱。他压根就不相信项链中的刻纹是藏宝图，实际上钱丽夫妇自己也不相信。
但这不妨碍他们利用这张藏宝图赚钱。 But that doesn't stop them from making money with this treasure map.
编故事、做宣传，第一次寻宝探险始于四年前。 Making up stories and promoting them, the first treasure hunt began four years ago.
这次探险并没有招募同行的探险游客，也没有交代钱丽夫妇的真实身份，重点是宣传鲁一丰和他的团队。
The expedition did not recruit fellow expedition tourists, nor did it reveal the true identities of Qian Li and his wife, and the focus was on promoting Lu Yifeng and his team.
那时他们压根就没看出项链刻纹到底指向哪里，就编了个花里胡哨的传说，拿着做旧的藏宝图，对比卫星地图，随便找了个有几分相像的地形就杀了过去。
At that time, they didn't even see where the necklace was pointed, so they made up a fancy legend, took the old treasure map, compared it with the satellite map, and found a terrain that was somewhat similar and killed it.
又结合当地传说，搞得神神秘秘又特别像有那么一回事，他们还参访了当地的老人、翻出了当地的县志。
Combined with local legends, they made it mysterious and very like such a thing, and they also visited the local elders and turned out the local county records.
钱丽夫妇还化妆打扮，扮演一对老夫妇——藏宝图提供者，他们会随队同行，同时说出他们编出的家传故事。
Mr. and Mrs. Qian also dressed up as an elderly couple – treasure map providers – who would accompany the team and tell their family stories at the same time.
这次寻宝拍成了直播，因为比较新奇和刺激，这次直播让鲁一丰的探险直播变得小有名气。
This treasure hunt was filmed as a live broadcast, because it was more novel and exciting, this live broadcast made Lu Yifeng's adventure live broadcast famous.
鲁一丰尝到甜头，也找到了赚钱的路子，他一边继续用项链藏宝图做幌子寻找新的藏宝地点，一边也做一些其他探险和寻宝活动。
Lu Yifeng tasted the sweetness and found a way to make money, while continuing to use the necklace treasure map as a guise to find new treasure locations, he also did some other expeditions and treasure hunting activities.
他同时开始招募探险旅行者，想法赚更多钱。 At the same time, he began to recruit adventure travelers in the hope of making more money.
钱丽夫妇也不停地在直播中扮演各种人物，主要就是搞气氛，比如故意弄条蛇吓人、故意搞失踪、故意受伤、挑拨离间、在队伍中搞事，或者大惊小怪等等。
四年过去，鲁一丰的直播火了，也赚了不少钱。
钱丽夫妇也因此得到了一些分红，但这些分红都没有落到他们手上，直接就给债主拿走了。
这时不管是钱丽夫妇还是鲁一丰都不在乎这张项链藏宝图是真是假，他们只要能赚钱就好。
但就在今年初，有人向鲁一丰提供了一幅西伯荒野的古代地图。
鲁一丰一看到那张地图如获至宝，因为这张地图中的很多线条都与那张项链藏宝图一模一样。
经历了四五百年时间，从墨河河口到西伯荒野，这一路的地形早就有了不小的变化。如果没有这张古代地图，怎么都无法把项链中的刻纹和西伯荒野的地形联合起来。
鲁一丰还查找了更多古代地图资料，查得越多，越认为项链中的刻纹和西伯荒野某处有关。
到此，鲁一丰已经不止想要利用项链中隐藏藏宝图这一个噱头赚钱，他更想真的找到藏宝。
钱丽一开始并不清楚情况，但这几年她和鲁一丰走得很近，甚至和鲁一丰有了一些更亲密的关系，钱丽偶尔来找鲁一丰，发现了他在查找西伯荒野的古代地图。
钱丽也不是个傻子，她同样对项链中的刻纹十分熟悉。
鲁一丰见瞒不过钱丽，就跟她说要一起寻找藏宝，并觉得这次说不定真的能找到什么。
钱丽担心鲁一丰踢开自己单独去寻找宝藏，就威胁鲁一丰必须把宝藏分她一半，因为项链是她的。如果鲁一丰不答应，她就把项链中的刻纹和西伯荒野的古代地图一起发到网上，或者卖给想要寻宝的人。
鲁一丰为了稳住钱丽，就同意了如果真的找到藏宝，一定会和她对半分。
因为要去国外，花费甚大，并且也不知道是不是真的能找到宝藏，鲁一丰和钱丽商议，决定搞一次大的。
他们对这次寻宝做了很多宣传，并贴出一半的藏宝图，又把钱丽夫妇的真实身份和当年的拍卖会拿出来说事，还亮出了金项链的照片，总之就是要把这次寻宝的真实度提高。
为此，他们吸引了不少投资者——探险旅游者，他们付出高昂的随队费用，签下如果找到宝藏就平分的合同。
马伟是鲁一丰亲自找来的地导。
但钱丽不知道鲁一丰已经存了杀死她之心，马伟就是她的索命鬼。
西伯荒野这种地方，出点事消失个把人，简直太正常了。
马伟就是个在边境混的蛇头，他对边境和西伯荒野确实比较熟悉，而让人失踪这种事，他也不是第一次干，相反他就是靠这个赚钱的，甚至在这一行的口碑还很不错。
什么口碑？
就是他负责解决雇主想要解决的人和物，但绝不会以此为把柄去勒索雇主。
鲁一丰没跟马伟说藏宝图有可能是真的事，只允诺在解决钱丽后，会付给他二十万地导费。
马伟进入队伍不久，就发现钱丽的丈夫薛辉对自己的妻子十分不满，甚至是怨恨。
经过马伟观察，他很快就确定薛辉已经知道钱丽和鲁一丰有奸情的事。
马伟想要赚双份钱，他有意无意加深薛辉对钱丽的不满，并隐隐透露出他可以代为出手的意思，只要薛辉肯付钱。
薛辉竟然就这么被说动了，薛辉没钱支付马伟，就说把那条金项链送给马伟。
原来薛辉对钱丽的怨恨之始就是源于这条金项链。
薛辉认为这条金项链是他们薛家的东西，也是他母亲出的手续费，那么项链就应该是他拿着，但钱丽却拿着项链不肯撒手。
如果不是钱丽和鲁一丰利用项链中的刻纹搞出藏宝图等一连串赚钱活动，薛辉早就抢了项链跑了。
当然，薛辉也担心跑不掉，那些讨债的盯他盯得很紧。
之后薛辉又发现钱丽和鲁一丰暗地里搞到一起，更是把钱丽和鲁一丰恨到极点。但他又需要靠这两人生活，只能硬忍着，甚至还得忍受妻子对他的种种鄙视。
要不是离婚也不能抛掉身上的债务，钱丽早就跟他离了。
但马伟却在偷听到四名假地质员的对话后，知道了这次寻宝可能真的能寻到宝贝的事，更知道了那条金项链是关键。
于是在露营头一天晚上，马伟给了薛辉一点药粉，让他下到钱丽的水壶中。
之后，马伟约钱丽和薛辉一起进入他的面包车，说有重要事情跟他们谈。
钱丽不知道丈夫要害她，事先喝下了会让身体绵软无力的药水。
等钱丽进入面包车，没多久身体就没力气了。
马伟就是在那时抢夺钱丽的金项链，并逼问她藏宝的事。
钱丽想大叫，被马伟活生生掐死。
薛辉当时就在一边看着。
可能是因为薛辉多看了那条金项链一眼，也可能是马伟早就打定主意要连薛辉一起干掉，在马伟让薛辉下车时，薛辉就真的背对着马伟下车了。
然后马伟抄起一把大扳手就把薛辉后脑勺砸了个洞。
之后马伟竟然就在面包车后方挖了一个坑，把钱丽和薛辉的尸体埋进去，填好土后，马伟非常镇定地把面包车位置移到那个填好土的埋尸地上方。
等到大家发现夫妻俩不见，到处寻找他们时，怎么也没想到他们就被埋在那辆破旧的面包车下面。
这些内容，有的是钱丽本身就知道的，有的是钱丽吞噬了马伟和薛辉的灵魂后，搜到的相关记忆。
雪狼见王叶问完，啊呜一口就把钱丽的鬼魂给吞了。
王叶：“……”他还打算把钱丽的鬼魂超度掉。
可雪狼就没给他这个机会。
虫老拍拍王叶的肩膀：“不用可惜，那死灵杀过人，更满心怨恨，你看它满身黑气，就是因为它已经变成没有理智的恶灵。它之所以木愣愣的，就是雪狼压制了它的凶性，否则这会儿你得直接灭掉它。让雪狼吃掉它，也是一种回归天地的方式。”
“嗷呜——！”
王叶眼看系统还没有提醒他任务完成，就知道他恐怕还得再跑一趟，找那四个假地质员。
那四个假地质员说不定才是关键。
鲁一丰收到的西伯荒野古代地图有很大可能就是那四名地质员给的。
It is very likely that the ancient map of the Xibo Wilderness that Lu Yifeng harvested was given by the four geologists.
还有那四人应该懂一点阵法，虽然很浅薄。也许他们和现在躺在山洞里的那些盗墓者有一定关系。
And those four people should know a little bit of formation, although it is very shallow. Maybe they have something to do with the grave robbers who are lying in the cave now.
王叶先帮阴魂将领把那个洞中洞用魔法阵保护起来。 Wang Ye first helped the Yin Soul General protect the hole in the cave with a magic array.
他布置了两个魔法阵，一个是迷踪阵，一个是加固阵法。
如此，如果有人进入这个洞中洞，只要他不懂阵法，就不会找到真正的入口，不管怎么走，都会走到出口。
阴魂将领很满意，他索性把那些藏宝也都交给了王叶。
“这些就当做是你布阵的报酬。你不用拒绝，我看到你用了不少珍贵材料。反正东西我已经给了你，你愿意怎么处理就是你的事。”
阴魂将领看王叶把那些乌木箱子中的东西都装了起来，却把乌木箱子留下，对王叶更满意了。
实际上，这些看似乌木实际还不知道是什么材料炼制的箱子才是真正的宝贝。
它们可以常年储存物品保持物品不会腐败，同时也起到了加固阵法和吸收能量的作用。
王叶不可能不知道这些箱子的宝贵之处，但他一个都没拿。
阴魂将领最终还是摸到了王叶的脑袋，虽然只是虚虚的，“双月星见。”
“嗯，双月星见！”
阴魂将领挥手，所有阴魂全都打开乌木箱，在一阵白光后消失。
王叶收到丰厚报酬，心情特别好。等阴魂将领也进入乌木箱，就又赠送了一个魔法阵，他在这些箱子周围布置了一个隐匿魔法阵。
如果有人真的能闯过外围的迷踪阵进入这里，那么除非他有天眼，否则也不会看到这里的乌木箱子。
虽然这些手段还不能保证这些乌木箱子和下方阵法的万无一失，但至少比之前毫无防护的状态要好得多。
雪狼还想带王叶去看看那个传承地入口——雪狼恨不得马上就进去。
入口就在山洞深处，但不在藏宝的这一侧。
王叶猜测这个阵法九成九也是当年留下传承考验的大能留下的，就是不知道他们留下这个阵法的意义何在？
也许那位大能越过时间看到了未来，知道地球和双月星可能遇到莫大危险，所以事先留下一线生机？
但也有可能那个阵法和箱子只是大能的兴之所至，甚至是一个失败的尝试。
万事皆有可能。
想要知道真正的答案，除非能见到当年布置这一切的大能。
“雪啊，别急啊，我还有点事情没解决，不可能马上离开。”王叶安抚雪狼。
“我都已经把跟随者牌子给你了，你还担心什么呢？”
“嗷呜！”
“是的，我需要去收集更多的石片，还要把一些事情料理清楚。这样吧，最长十年，我一定会来找你，你看如何？也许根本要不了这么久，如果一切顺利，说不定我很快就来找你。”
“嗷呜！”
王叶脸上挂黑线：“谢谢关心，我不会那么轻易就挂掉。我过来会直接到这个山洞来，你应该会感知到我出现。”
王叶没再往山洞深处走，他有种预感，如果他再靠近那个传承入口几分，很可能不管他愿不愿意，都无法再回头了。
有什么在召唤着他。
王叶切断召唤联系，毅然转头。
他是个心理有病的重生者，他有强烈的精神依赖症！
总之别想他一个人光杆司令过去，要走，他至少要带上雷木。
而小光也必须带上。虽然小光现在改为杂食，没有了寄生的想法，但谁知道他离开太久，小光和她的族群会发展成什么样？
如此，他最少还差一枚石片。
当然，只要有可能，他希望能找到更多的石片，把大家都带上，只要大家愿意的话。
雷木的精神力轻轻缠绕住他，安慰这个PTSD重度患者，表示一定会和他共进退，永远都不会离开他。
王叶：就这样还想我断奶？怎么可能！
雷木的精神海都笑得震荡起来。
王叶离开山洞，就带着大家直奔之前发现的小湖泊，也是第二个迷踪阵。
一辆越野房车在植物越发旺盛、根本看不到路的野地里低空飞行。
不过有草丛挡着，谁也没看到房车的轮子就没有落地。
但也有人的运气就是那么好，在房车快要飞到小湖泊时，正好有一段岩石路，那里野草不多，石块一堆。
房车自然而然就飞高了一些。
熊国一名搜救队员一转头就看到一辆墨绿色的越野房车从不远处的碎石滩飞过……
飞过去了，不是飞机，是房车！
“队长，”该搜救队员按下对讲机，“我有件事想要告诉你，但我怕你说我伏特加喝多了。”
“说！”队长没好气，到现在没找到人，他们只能收队。
但失踪这么多人都没找到，他们脸上也很难看好吗。
搜救队员：“我刚刚看到一辆房车飞了过去。”
“……你喝了多少？这还不是冬天呢，又正在搜救，你们喝这么多是不想干了吗？”队长暴怒。
该搜救队员又惊声叫道：“熊！有狗熊！操，这熊怎么这么大，吃核辐射了吗？”
队长：“你到底喝了多少？你们那么多人，别说狗熊，就是狼群看到你们也会躲着走。”
该搜救队员好歹见识多、胆子大，没有在关键时刻吓呆，拔腿就跑，边跑还边大喊：“快跑！上车，都上车！”
附近的两名搜救队员一开始还要嘲笑同伴，一转头，眼珠子差点掉下来。
立刻转身，一个个跑得比羚羊还快！
冲上越野车，关门，拿枪，踩下油门，跑！
“卧槽！你们把我给忘了，你们这些狗熊养的！”最远也最先发现超大狗熊的搜救队员狂喊。
车门打开，一名搜救队员探身出来，持枪对着后面追赶的狗熊就砰砰几枪。
“快！跳上来，你被追上你就死定了！”
该搜救队员已经觉得自己闻到了狗熊的腥臭味，看到打开的车门，猛地往前一扑，抓住了！
“嘎吱！”越野车突然发出难听的声音，竟然停了下来。
搜救队员不敢相信，这时候驾驶者怎么敢把车子停下？
驾驶者也是无奈之举，因为就在前面出现了一只更大的狗熊，一只人立而起身高超过四米多的巨熊！
那巨熊还伸出熊掌一副要把车子掀翻的架势。
他如果就这么撞上去，绝不是熊被撞死，而是车子得先被捶烂。
驾驶者试图改变车辆方向，车子在原地用力扭动，拐了一个大弯。
他们被包抄了。
大量的能量涌出，改造了附近的大量生物，其中体型越大的动物吸收的能量越多。
快速长大的身体需要更多能量和食物，看到食物就不想放过。
所有这一片的动物都本能地知道，这是最好的成长期，它们决不能放过，这时候如果不能吃饱喝足、不能让自己变得更强，它们就会成为别的生物口中的食物，成为最先被淘汰的一批弱者。
这对兄弟熊就在这两天里甚至学会了联合作战。
搜救员还抓着车门边，脚还拖在地上，看着前方那只更大的狗熊举起熊掌用力拍向车头，发出了灵魂之吼：“乌拉——！”
第346章 超凡觉醒、魔物诞生
砰！
熊头炸开。
血肉撒了一地。
四米多高的巨大身体轰然倒下，正好压在越野车上。
嘎吱！车子前盖被压扁，前车窗崩碎。
驾驶员屁滚尿流地往车后爬，前门已经变形打不开。
吼出乌拉的搜救员倒在车边昏迷不醒，口鼻溢出的都是血。
车里的持枪搜救员还在一枪枪地往后射击，他心里想的是冷静冷漠冷如冰山的强大冷冻威男，但他把手枪当机枪射个不停的架势，以及停不住的狂吼声，就证明他离疯狂也只有一线之差。
被子弹击中的狗熊不断发出吼叫往前冲刺，它甚至会用熊掌挡射向眼睛和鼻子这些柔嫩部位的子弹。
“啊啊啊！”
“吼吼吼！”
咔嚓！子弹没了。
车中的搜救队员狂吼一声，丢掉手枪，抓起一根救援野生动物的套杆冲了出去。
从驾驶座爬过来的搜救队员伸手不及，没能抓住同伴，眼睁睁地看着同伴一脚踩在昏倒在车边的同伴身上，绊了个跟头。
巨熊扑过来。
驾驶员嗷嗷叫着掏出防身匕首扑向车外。
眼看就是连串惨剧。
已经掉转头看了一会儿现场的王叶终于出手了：“小光，开饭了。”
“咿！”
一只金色的美丽至极的虫子在空中一闪而过。
大量看不见的虫子扑向狗熊。
一个照面，狗熊突然发出凄厉的吼叫，轰然倒下。
不到片刻，狗熊的身体迅速缩水。
正打算拼命的两名搜救队员看着突然倒地又不断缩水的狗熊，拖起昏迷的同伴就往远处跑。
这地方太诡异了，还是赶紧逃吧！
“嗨，要上车吗？”一道少年声突然传出。
两名搜救人员一转头就看到半人高的草丛里正停着一辆墨绿色的房车。
房车车门已经打开，一名年龄不大的黑发少年探出头。
人类！车子！安全！
两名搜救人员毫不犹豫地拖着同伴就向房车跑去。
两人一上车，把同伴抬起来放到沙发上，喘着粗气就催促：“快跑！快离开这里！”
“不用急，两只熊都死了，你们不需要回车里把你们的装备都带上吗？”少年笑。
“这里有古怪，也许有什么变异病菌，总之赶紧离开这里。”搜救员之一急匆匆地道。
“去拿东西吧，没事的。你们速度快一点，我还有其他事情要做。”少年反过来催促两名搜救队员。
两搜救队员互看，再看窗外不远处那两只死的不能再死的狗熊，到底鼓起些许勇气。
那名开枪打狗熊的搜救队员一拍胸膛，“我去！”熊国人怎么能怕两头死去的熊？
当驾驶员的看同伴下车奔去越野车拿装备，也冲了出去。
他们没敢多耽搁，也没敢多看那两头熊——还是看了，那两头熊，不管是挨枪子的，还是爆头的，这会儿都只剩下两张熊皮。
两搜救队员发出怪叫——他们不怕熊，但他们怕看不见的怪物，手提肩扛一堆装备，来回跑了两趟，把越野车里的东西都转移到房车中后，就再次催促少年赶紧关门离开。
少年关上车门，车辆开始行驶。
两名搜救队员都没注意到那两张熊皮忽然飞了起来，转眼间消失。
虫巢中多出了两张熊皮。
靳蜘蛛很是瞧不上这两张熊皮，刚进入一级魔兽，毛皮和爪牙都还没有什么能量，血肉还被小光它们吃得精光。
但虫巢中会鞣制兽皮的存在不少，愿意动手的却没有一个。
靳蜘蛛到底看不得浪费，最终还是把这两张熊皮拿去处理了。
虫老看靳蜘蛛，越看越觉得这位非常具有管家之相，就是天生的操劳命。
两搜救队员也没注意到车头没有驾驶员，他们看到车子已经快速离开原地，当场松了口气。
这会儿他们也终于有工夫去检查他们昏迷的同伴了。
“你们最好不要动他，刚才你们拖着他跑，已经让他伤上加伤。”少年说着还有些拗口的熊国语。
两名搜救队员立刻不敢随便碰触昏迷的同伴。
之前在越野车内负责开车的搜救队员还算冷静地问：“你知道他怎么了吗？是被熊打伤了吗？”
驾驶员就没看到这名同伴昏迷的过程。
另一个人也同样，他当时正在射击后面追赶的狗熊，就听到已经抓住车门边沿的同伴在发出一声乌拉的吼叫后，后来就没反应了。
王叶俯身握住昏迷者的手腕，过了一会儿放下道：“他刚刚觉醒，爆发了一次意念之力。”
“……”两名搜救队员张大嘴。怎么突然就觉得少年的熊国语难以理解了呢？
驾驶员突然道：“那头巨熊的脑袋会爆掉，和我的同伴有关？”
王叶点头。
驾驶员低头看同伴，那眼神充满似火的热情。
觉醒！意念之力！这是要火的节奏啊。他们熊国人可喜欢这种灵异科幻类节目了。
“那他现在是力量耗尽，还是精神力消耗过度？”驾驶员非常懂地问。
王叶：“精神力枯竭。他本来不应该在此时觉醒，但正好处在能量爆发之地，又遇到危急关头，就强行突破了。”
“精神力枯竭和强行突破很糟糕吗？”驾驶员脸色严肃。
另一名搜救队员：等等，你们的话风怎么这么奇怪？兄弟你就这么相信了？
“非常糟糕。如果没有好的治疗手段，这位会变成植物人。就算能把这位救醒，他也无法再成为超凡者，以后还会有严重的头疼症状。”王叶按照地球这边的医疗手段推测道。
两名搜救队员：“……”
一直没说话的搜救队员突然问：“你怎么知道这么多？”
“因为我学医，这种病例我见过。”王叶特别淡定地道。
“没办法治了吗？”两名搜救队员不是很相信王叶，就觉得这少年怪怪的。
好吧，自从他们接了这个搜救任务，来到这一片荒野后，遇到的就没有正常的事情。
不管是异常生长的植物，还是巨大化的动物，还有同伴的异能觉醒……
王叶：“我知道你们不相信我，也不会同意我治疗你们的同伴，所以如果你们以后有需要，就在《极度危险》这个游戏的交易行求购精神力疏导药剂、精神力修复药剂以及觉醒药剂。看在你们是搜救队员，而我们相遇即是有缘的份上，一支药剂只收十万游戏币。付费后，请不要忘记附上地球这边的收货地址。”
两名搜救队员：“……”这孩子游戏玩太多中毒了吧？
王叶打了个响指：“对了，这位大约可以坚持一个月左右。一个月后如果没有药剂治疗，除非圣级治疗师出手，或有圣级药剂，否则他大概就只能当个植物人了。不要问我一瓶圣级药剂要多少钱，你们付不起。”
两名搜救队员：“……”
“啊，差点忘了。如果没有足够的钱财或游戏币支付，用这个付也行。”王叶拿出一枚石片，前后左右都给搜救队员看了一遍，还让他们用手机拍下来。
“这种石片只对我有用，作用类似于拼图的碎片。如果找到多的，也欢迎挂在交易行上，我会买。可以交换药剂、武器、护甲、能量首饰、以及金钱等。一枚作价十万游戏币。”
如果不是同伴还躺在那儿并昏迷不醒，他们又是被救者，两名搜救队员真的很想劝这个少年去医院好好检查一番。
“你家大人呢？车里只有你一个人吗？司机呢？见鬼，这车子怎么没有司机？！”两搜救队员终于发现车头的异样，吓得到处摸武器。
王叶转头看过去，“哦，我这车是最高科技结晶，拥有全球自动导航系统、全自动驾驶系统、反导弹系统，以及能抵抗五千万吨当量核弹爆炸的防护力，另外海陆空及任何极端环境皆可使用。”
两搜救队员：“……”这孩子肯定喝了至少三瓶伏特加！
不过全自动导航系统和全自动驾驶系统并不稀奇，两搜救队员互视，抹汗，都觉得自己有点大惊小怪。
王叶忽然又道：“往东行驶七百米，那里有人在呼喊求救。”
两搜救队员刚想问你怎么知道，两人的对讲机就同时响起了紧急呼救声。
幸好他们把装备都带上了。
房车赶到求救现场时，三名搜救队员正躲在车里死耗。
车外，一群皮毛发灰的巨狼围绕着车辆，还有两只狼蹿到了车上，正在用爪子扒拉车顶。
车窗已经毁掉大部分。
车内搜救队员正在用一切可以挡住车窗的东西，防止外面的巨狼进来。
但只看巨狼的数量和体型，就知道它们杀进车内把里面的搜救队员全部拖出来吃掉只是时间问题。
三名搜救队员全都受伤了，血腥气更是刺激了这群巨狼。
偏偏三名搜救队员的子弹也都用完，他们带的枪和子弹本身就不多，都是三人平均配一把。
这样的数量在往日绝对够用，但现在他们恨不得一人配上一具单兵火箭筒、再来一挺毁灭者机枪。
看到同伴危急，两名搜救队员急得要死。
王叶：“大黑！”
“汪！”一只比这些巨狼还要大上一圈的黑狗陡然出现在车头不远处。
“嗷呜——！”大黑仰头就发出了一声狼嚎。
王叶：“……”行吧，狗就是狼驯化来的，现在大黑返祖好像也不是很奇怪。
不过大黑压根就没有返祖的意思，它就是想要叫一嗓子。
就在大黑甩甩尾巴，打算让这些巨狼看看它的厉害时。
一只体型更大的雪狼出现了。
它就像是林中的精灵，又像是这片荒野的至强者，迈着王者的步伐，一步步向这边靠近。
“嗷呜！”正在围攻越野车的狼群头狼冲着狼群嚎叫了一声，随即对着雪狼低头，率先退入林中。
其他巨狼也都沉默地快速退入附近的林子，并迅速远离。
王叶：真他么有范儿！
大黑狗脸不爽。白毛了不起吗？在动物世界，白毛都是被淘汰者，黑最强！
越野车内的搜救队员们：我们这是得救了？还是遇到了更可怕的存在？这一黑一白两只超级巨狼会打起来吗？求快打起来。
房车停稳，王叶从打开的车窗探出身，特别欢快地招手：“雪啊，巡视领地吗？”
雪狼：……我就随便出来走走。
搜救队员们喜极而泣：这小孩认识巨雪狼？真是太好了！
雪狼不喜欢在人前现身，出来没一会儿就消失了。
三名被困越野车内的搜救队员在转入房车内时，仍旧一脸惊魂未定。
等看到大黑走上车来，全都吓得腾地站起，各找地方或躲避、或准备攻击。
When they saw Da Hei coming to the car, they all stood up in fright, and each looked for a place to dodge or prepare to attack.
“这是我家大黑，不用紧张哈。”王叶笑眯眯地抚摸大黑头颈。
"This is my big black, don't be nervous." Wang Ye smiled and stroked the big black neck.
大黑无视这些熊国大汉，迈着优雅的步伐走到车头的副驾驶位上，占据了最佳观景位。
Ignoring these bear-bearing heroes, Da Hei walked to the passenger seat at the front of the car with elegant steps and occupied the best viewing position.
王叶：大黑这是在学雪狼吗？好像发现了什么不能说的真相。
Wang Ye: Da Hei, is this learning from the snow wolf? It's as if I've discovered something that can't be said.
小光落到大黑头顶：“咿！”我喜欢你铁憨憨又土土的样子。
The small light fell on the top of the big black head: "Bah! "I like your rustic and earthy look.
“汪呜~”大黑狗嘴咧开，怎么看都像是在笑。 "Wow~" The big black dog's mouth opened open, and no matter how he looked at it, it looked like he was laughing.
它不憨也不土，它生前其实是高级魔兽来着。
三眼魔犬，说的就是它。
只不过它的第三只魔眼不会轻易出现，一旦出现就是它要拼命的时候。
但美丽虫说什么就是什么吧。大黑愉快地甩了甩尾巴。
五名熊国大汉聚首，互相说明情况，当听说另两人遇到两巨熊就在生命垂危之际两巨熊却诡异死亡，而昏迷的同伴很可能觉醒了异能时。
三名刚刚得救的搜救队员都是同一个表情：你们这是喝了多少？
两搜救队员想把王叶拉过来证实他们说的是实话，转头却发现小少年已经坐在了驾驶席位上。
途中，五名搜救队员又陆续收到好几支小队的求援联络。
王叶很好说话，就按照他们的求援方向，驾驶房车去荒野中捞人。
搜救队员一共来了三十人，这个数量看起来不多，但这可是专业搜救人员。
而且村民已经派出上百人搜索过村落附近和营地附近，都没有发现失踪者。这些专业搜救队员就负责往更危险的荒野深处搜救。
他们还配有两架小型无人机，以及两台能接收影像的电脑，再配上十辆越野车以及专业的搜救设备，这次搜救规模已经不小，所花费的资金也相当高。
第一天搜救，虽然不顺利，但好歹也没出什么事。
第二天困难开始加大，荒野变得让老护林员和老猎手也陌生不已。
第三天，搜救计划的最后一天，也是今天，他们才开始展开搜救没多久，队员们就遇到了各种困难和麻烦。
这片荒野的原生生灵们就像是一下子全都变异了！
它们不但体型变大，还全都变得充满攻击性，更像是饿了很久。
可怜他们这些经验丰富的搜救队员，有的被饥饿的野兽追赶，有的遇到无法解决的吸血昆虫，有的遇到追击他们的巨大鸟雀，还有的甚至只是遇到了一群兔子。
但那些兔子简直就像是吃了膨大剂一般，一个个都长到了半米多高，一双后腿能蹬碎他们的防弹车玻璃，纯金属的厚实车门和车身都被它们蹬得坑坑洼洼。
有队员跑得比兔子慢，一条腿被硬生生蹬断。
最可怕的是这些兔子竟然想要吃人！
如果不是他们身上带着枪，后来还有人想到用火把和灭火器恐吓这些野兽和虫子，王叶赶到的也很及时，他们可能就栽在这片荒野中。
被救的部分搜救队员亲眼看到一辆墨绿色房车从荒野中飞过来，全都傻眼了。
搜救队长忽然想起之前有一名队员联系他，就跟他提到过，看到一辆会飞的房车。
敢情对方没有喝多，是真的看到了。
而这辆房车的主人还救了他们！
两个小时，王叶从荒野中捞出了一共二十一名搜救队员，其中有一半受伤，还有四个人重伤。
王叶展现了他的医者手段，看起来特别古风。
金针扎穴止血，不明药剂灌入口中，断骨上夹板、折断处涂抹一种黑泥，裂开的伤口用针线缝好后就用一种透明的胶泥涂抹，包括内脏……
偏偏那几个看着非常危险的重伤者竟然眼看着就被救了回来。
只要人脱离危险状态，王叶就撒手不管。只等这些人联络上外面，派直升机来把这些人接走送到大医院治疗。
在没有其他医生的情况下，搜救队员们也只能让这个看起来才只有十来岁的小少年出手救治伙伴。
这小家伙好像真有点厉害，堪称神奇！
搜救队员特别汗颜，他们是来救人的，结果最后却轮到被游客救的地步。
外表看着不大的房车内装了这么多大汉，奇怪的是，却没有很拥挤。
这时候这些大汉都在为荒野的变化心惊，部分人还有闲心围着那名昏迷的据说觉醒异能的同伴好奇打转，没有一个人注意到这点。
“这片荒野不能待了，这里的变化太古怪，我们必须向上面禀报。小家伙，你家大人呢？我们能赶紧离开这里吗？”搜救队长眼睛往后面紧闭的卧室门看去，他很想赶紧带领所有搜救队员离开这片荒野。
副队长提醒：“队长，还有部分队员没找到，我们必须找到他们，才能离开。”
“他们不是说他们已经在往外撤了吗？那批人最后一次联系说他们在哪里？”队长赶紧问道。
"Didn't they say they were already retreating? Where was the last group of people contacted? The captain hurriedly asked.
“是在C27点，那里有个小湖泊。”有人拿出地图，圈出剩余队员的集中地点。
"It's at point C27, and there's a small lake there." Someone took out a map and circled the places where the rest of the team members were concentrated.
“联系他们，让他们立刻往外撤离，不用等我们！”队长吩咐。
联络员立刻联络那支搜救队，但对讲机只传来沙沙声。
队长和副队长互看。
“怎么回事？怎么会突然联系不上？最后一次联系他们是什么时候？”队长问。
“大约三个小时前？”联络员也不太确定。
“我们先去那个小湖泊看看情况，如果他们不在那里……”副队长一咬牙：“其他人立刻离开这片荒野，我留下找人。”
其他人不同意，但副队长表示他的荒野生存经验和找人经验最丰富，最后这些搜救队员为了谁留下差点吵起来。
“行了，别吵了，说不定他们还在之前的地点呢？”搜救队长喝止队员们后，就来和王叶商量，问能不能往那个小湖泊跑一趟。
王叶一看那小湖泊的地点，点头。巧了，这小湖泊也是他想去的目的地。
王叶尽量控制了飞行速度，但还是在十分钟后就赶到了小湖泊边。
搜救队员们满怀希望，但到了这里，却没有看到剩下的九名搜救队员。
但他们不知道，就在他们下车寻找九名搜救队员留下的痕迹时，不远的小湖泊里，正在寻找的人正挥舞手臂大声呼喊他们。
剩下的九名搜救队员都在这里。
这九个人组成了一支小队，操纵无人机配合搜索。
有无人机帮忙，他们是最先发现荒野变化非常的队伍，也是他们最先提醒其他搜救队员不要再深入荒野，催促他们赶紧撤出。
在催促队友们赶紧退出之际，这支队伍也在往外撤离。
途中，他们偶尔发现往这个方向走，野生动物竟然是最少的，他们自然而然选择了这条路。
等来到小湖泊这边，他们决定稍微修整一下，就跟其他队伍通报了他们现在停留的地点。
可谁想到，当他们修整完决定离开时，也不知道怎么回事，他们的车开着开着竟然开不出去了，一直都在原地打转。
原本作为营地的小湖泊也看不到了，只能看到一片比人还高的草地。
九个人也不敢开快车，就怕陷入沼泽地里。
然后也不知道幸运还是不幸，他们找到了这次搜救要找的失踪者，还是十个人一起。
十个人有两人受重伤，其他人身上都有不同程度的伤口。
只要能动的失踪者，看到他们就冲了上来，问他们索要食物和清水，一副不给就抢的样子。
搜救队员给失踪者们提供了食物和水，但也很警惕这十个人。
这十个人的情况看着太不正常，除了重伤不能动弹的，剩下的一个个就像野兽。
王叶站在小湖泊外侧，有什么触动了他的神经。
“魔气？”雷木惊讶。
就在这时，虫老也从房车里走出来，走到徒弟身边。
“感觉到了吗？魔气。”
魔气，不是魔力。
王叶神色也难得凝重：“没想到这边也会有魔族。”
“不是魔族。”虫老摇头：“是自然觉醒的魔物。魔物和魔族是两码事，只不过他们散发出来的气息类似，都充满贪欲、暴虐和黑暗。”
“两者要怎么区分？”王叶问。
虫老回答：“我们普遍认为魔族可以沟通，但魔物无法沟通。一个有智慧，一个却已经泯灭智慧。”
虫老半是警告也半是提醒地道：“能量大爆发可以刺激人类觉醒，同样也能刺激人类变成魔物。相由心生，想要成为什么样的存在、觉醒什么样的力量，也同样由你的心来控制。另外，觉醒成超凡者很困难，想要堕落成魔物则容易得多。”
王叶：完了，玩大了！
他是不是要背负一份很大很大的因果？
因为那考验石碑会碎裂，就和他有关。
偏生那石碑也是压制能量眼的关键物品，当石碑碎裂，被压制多年的能量眼也就此喷发了一回。
这还是能量眼没有完全打开也没有完全喷发的状态，如果能量眼完全打开……
最糟糕的是能量可以共鸣。
这边的能量眼喷发出这么多能量，等这些能量辐射到周边，首先最近的东金山岭中的能量眼也会松动，继而喷发出更多能量。
如此一个影响一个，整个地球恐怕要不了多久就要进入能量大爆发时代。
有超凡者觉醒，自然也会人堕落成魔物。而魔物前期肯定比超凡者要多得多。
If there is an awakening of the transcendent, it is natural that people will also degenerate into monsters. And there must be a lot more monsters than transcendents in the early stage.
还有转变成魔兽和魔植的普通动植物，这些魔兽魔植九成也会成为人类的敌对存在。
There are also ordinary animals and plants that have transformed into demonic beasts and demonic plants, and ninety percent of these demonic beasts and demonic plants will also become hostile beings of humans.
原本地球可以慢慢进入超凡者时代，也算有个缓冲时间，可现在……这是要跑步前进了吗？
Originally, the earth could slowly enter the era of the transcendental, and it could be regarded as a buffer time, but now...... Is this going to run forward?
但这真不是他有意为之，谁能想到那块石碑是个考验？还考完就碎！
But it really wasn't intentional on his part, and who would have thought that the stele would be a test? It's still broken after the exam!
王叶表示这个因果他不背。他冤！
第347章 进入九十级
因果他可以不背，但该做的事还是要做。
一家之主就要有担当，他给得家里的小崽崽们树立一个好的榜样，遇事就逃避可不行，何况他也不是没有解决办法。
实际上早在刚进入游戏的第一年，他就已经拿出东西。
就是他放出去的两个药方。
治疗糖尿病的那个已经有成果，差不多今年就能看到实物上市。
另外一个是完全由他自己研究出的培元药剂的配方，通过这个配方，理论上可以研究出初代基因进化药剂。
虽然那个杂志社的审核人员不是很有眼光，没刊登他的论文，但他把部分内容作为笑谈发表到游戏论坛上，又提到隔壁小王的名字，说这个药方是由隔壁小王提供。
那时候隔壁小王这个游戏名在游戏中极为火爆，国家只要知道这个游戏的特殊性，必然也会关注游戏的前几名。
而他发出来的配方中关于药性的解释和药理搭配，只要在相关专业有较深研究，一定能看出一些什么。
大约也是这个原因，那个杂志的审核人员被有关部门约谈了。
他投过去的原稿也被带走。
虽然过程有些曲折，但最终结果和他所求差不多。
根据因果卷上的显示，经过四五年的研究，以他的培元药剂配方为基础的初代基因进化药剂已经有所眉目，只是目前遇到了一个难点。
这个难点就是原材料。
他的培元药剂主药材使用的是虫蜜。
虽然他对虫蜜做了详细的药性分解，但想要找到类似的替代品却不是一件容易事。
王叶打算帮他们在地球寻找替代品。
之所以不直接提供虫蜜，只因为他并不想做主药材的源头控制者。
他不指望靠这个赚钱，也不想靠这个来掌控和影响什么，更不想让国家因此提防他。
他这辈子就只打算做个小人物，养家养活自己就好，这个初衷永远不会改变。
所以在地球找到替代品，还要是数量比较多，至少比较好培养的替代品势在必行。
能量喷涌让动植物比人类更快变异，但也同样代表药材药性的提高和改变。
他只要找到一份样品，哪怕功效比不上虫蜜，但只要有类似作用，就能先一步研发出低配版本的基因进化药剂。
虽然是低配版本，但反而适合普通人使用。
药效太强的，普通人也接受不了。
只要基因进化药剂出现，必然会先在军警系统先一步推行。
而基因进化药剂和超能觉醒并不冲突，甚至可以帮助觉醒。
And genetic evolution potions and super awakening are not in conflict, and can even help awakening.
如果不能觉醒异能的人，有了基因进化药剂，也可以提高体质、修复基因缺陷、强化身体细胞。最起码身体强壮程度、力气和速度、理解能力，以及抗疫病能力等都会有所提升。
如此，人们就有了最基础的可以抵抗魔物和对抗某些想要扰乱社会秩序的变异者的底气。
等到全民注射基因进化药剂，那时就相当于大家都回到了能量没有喷发之前。
你变异了，我也变强了，谁怕谁啊？
王叶一旦下定决心，行动力就超快。
王叶没有花时间多研究这个和魔法阵体系不太一样的迷踪阵，他进行了暴力破解。
Wang Ye didn't spend much time studying this Mystery Array, which was not quite the same as the Magic Array system, and he carried out a brute force crack.
等到几声微小的爆炸声响起。 Wait until a few tiny explosions sound.
小湖泊消失，剩余的九名搜救队员和失踪的十名探险队员全都暴露在众人面前。
The small lake vanished, revealing the remaining nine search and rescue team members and the missing ten expedition members.
他们正在对峙，搜救队员手握枪支，几名还能动的探险队员则完全分散开，情景看着特别怪异。
They were facing each other, the search and rescue team members with guns in hand, and the few members of the expedition who were still able to move were completely dispersed, and the scene looked particularly strange.
不说熊国搜救队员有多么惊讶。 Not to mention how surprised the Xiong Guo search and rescue team were.
“小心鲁一丰！” "Be careful of Lu Yifeng!"
“小心那个怪物！” "Watch out for that monster!"
一名女助理和几名搜救队员同时喊道。 A female assistant and several members of the search and rescue team shouted at the same time.
王叶几乎没有给某个魔物反应的时间，直接就把对方拿下了。
Wang Ye barely gave a monster time to react, and directly took down the other party.
鲁一丰甚至都没来得及吼叫几声就昏了过去。 Lu Yifeng didn't even have time to yell a few times before he fainted.
探险队员和搜救队员看到王叶竟然这么简单就把那个怪物给敲昏，不可置信的同时也都失去力气般地坐到了地上。
The expedition team members and search and rescue team members saw that Wang Ye knocking the monster unconscious so easily, and at the same time, they all lost their strength and sat on the ground in disbelief.
明明没有多长时间，可大家简直都像在生死局中走了一趟。
Obviously, it didn't take long, but everyone was like walking in a life and death situation.
那九名搜救队员也是倒霉，他们拿出食物和清水分给那些失踪的探险队员。
其他探险队员还好，接过食物和清水就拼命往嘴里塞，只有那名女队员快速用熊国语和探险队员们说了一句话。
但也就是这句话，让转变成魔物的鲁一丰听到，当场就扑向搜救队员们。
搜救队员们得到提醒，加上都是常年应对危险的人，反应还算快速，立刻拔枪对付鲁一丰。
谁想，鲁一丰的速度竟然快得超过常人数倍，他不但闪躲得快，还特别狡猾地躲在其他探险队员身后。
子弹根本打不中他。
搜救队员只能背靠背围成圈，防止鲁一丰扑过来袭击落单者。
女助理告诉搜救队员的那句话就是：鲁一丰想要夺枪。
然后他们就一直对峙到现在，幸好时间不算很长，否则搜救队员们不知道他们还能坚持多久。
而且鲁一丰之前把那些失踪者都当做口粮看，为了保证食物的新鲜度，并不打算立刻杀死他们，可在有了枪支威胁后，鲁一丰貌似打算改变主意，他把那些失踪者当盾牌使用了。
搜救队员超级为难，他们的子弹本来就不多，如果打过去只能打到其他失踪者，那就更糟糕了。
眼看就要坚持不下去，幸好救援来了！
可以为必须要大家一起围杀、还不一定能围得住的怪物却被一个小少年那么简单就打昏了……
九名熊国搜救队员此时看王叶简直跟看小超人一样。
总算失踪人员大部分已经找到，搜救队员也一个不缺，搜救队长也不想多问，当即就安排所有人撤离这片荒野。
在撤离途中，王叶还让请雪狼现身，故意引导他们出现在探险队第一次露营的地方。
大黑挖出了被埋的钱丽夫妻尸体，之后他们在赶往罗荒村的路上，又“找到了”开车撞树而死的马伟尸体。
最后还有一个金朗，同样是雪狼友情帮忙，让他们在途中看到了破碎带血的衣服和鞋子，搜救队中的老猎人推断出金朗很可能已经被野兽吃掉的结论。
因为传说中的荒野守护神雪狼几次现身，还都和王叶有所呼应，这让熊国搜救队员们看王叶的目光再也不是之前看普通游客的目光。
这可是一个得到他们西伯荒野守护神喜欢和青睐的小少年！
而且医术超群，还一拳打晕怪物。
搜救队员和探险队员都有重伤者，尤其两名探险队员，眼看着就只剩下一口气。
但王叶出手，竟然硬是把人都救了回来。
虽然看模样还需要进一步治疗和长期疗养，但能把命抢回来就已经是泼天之幸。
因为车辆不够，王叶很大方地让部分搜救队员和失踪者都上了房车。
搜救队长根据房车外形判断，觉得塞不了那么多人，就尽量把伤者都转移到房车上，其他没受伤的死命往唯三还能开的越野车里挤，再把装备绑到车顶上。
但不管怎么挤，因为熊国人体型缘故，一辆五座越野车最多也就能塞入六个人。
这么一来，转移到房车内的人加起来就有二十二个人。
搜救队长还担心房车塞不下这么多人，结果就看到人进去就没再出来。
搜救队长还进入房车内看了看，就见伤者都躺在了沙发上，其他人竟然还有位置能坐着。
搜救队长一脸迷茫地出来，盯着外形看起来最多只能塞八到十个人的越野房车，满心不可思议。
这又不是大巴房车，这么小的越野房车中到底是怎么塞下那么多人，还有余裕的？
搜救队长围着大巴车绕了两圈，困扰地挠挠脑袋，再看挤得不行的搜救越野车，厚起脸皮，又撵了三个人进入房车。
被撵下车的三个人还骂骂咧咧很不爽，他们都认为这时的房车内部肯定挤得要死，在越野车内好歹还有个座位，就怕进入房车就得站着。
但等这三个人进入房车，就看到他们以为都只能站在或贴着车门的同伴们正坐在房车里喝着热咖啡、吃着小点心，一个个说说笑笑好不快活！
三人：感谢队长！队长英明！
随即迅速融入大家庭。
还有人跑到车头，想要看这辆车是怎么自动驾驶和低空飞行的。
但他们愣是没在车头找到任何与高精尖科技有关的东西，就连导航屏幕都没有一块。
“华夏科技这么厉害了吗？”一名大胡子搜救队员惊叹道。
“华夏黑科技一向很牛掰。”另一名年轻的搜救队员一副理所当然的模样。
“而且这个国家特别会隐藏，有好东西都不会拿出来，也不会特意宣扬。”
“对。我听说他们……”
搜救队员们开始了神侃，王叶发誓他作为华夏人都不知道这么多华夏秘闻。
王叶在车上施展了一个小魔法，让搜救队员以为他还在车头坐着。
实际上他已经把鲁一丰在内的失踪者都提到了另一个房间，对他们进行了审问。
王叶懒得跟他们磨时间，直接用了精神暗示。
于是很快他就得到了想要的口供。
完成金项链和金手镯的关键点果然是在那四个假地质员身上，或者说他们是解开项链手镯隐藏秘密的最后一块拼图。
四百多年前，一群盗墓者因为挖了某个大将军的祖坟，被这名大将军率领士兵追杀，为了躲避追杀，这群盗墓者逃入了罗荒野。
这群盗墓者还看到了当时还幼小的雪狼。
雪狼那时刚化形不久，它因为某种原因非常喜欢雪狼的外形，初次凝成实体，就变成了雪狼的样子。
但也许它那时力量还不算强大，化形时就也体现了出来。
它想变成威武雄壮的成年大狼，结果却变成了一只像是还在喝奶的小奶狼。
盗墓者看到雪白的小奶狼，就像是看到了无数金银在飞舞。
白色动物在古代就代表了吉兆和福瑞，更何况是一只雪狼幼崽。
盗墓者们为了解决他们被追杀的困局，就起了贪念，他们想要抓捕小雪狼带回中原，再想法把小雪狼敬献给大官，最好是能敬献给皇帝。
在他们想来，这样不但能解决他们的困境，说不定他们还能得到丰厚赏赐。
盗墓者们开始跟踪小雪狼，虽然途中他们也发现这只小雪狼有神异之处，但这不但没有吓退他们，反而更坚定了他们想要捕捉小雪狼的心。
这些盗墓者能在一名大将的追杀下逃跑这么久，还敢逃入几乎无人敢进的死亡地带罗荒野，自然都有一些特别的本事，其中一人懂得阵法，一人擅长解毒，还有一人则擅长一些阴秽手段，另外几人也都各有所长。
但盗墓者不知道他们的踪迹和贪念早就被小雪狼查知。
小雪狼故意把他们引到了那个山洞内部。
之后这些盗墓者进入那个洞中洞，在阴魂们的故意引诱下，打开了一口装满马蹄金的箱子。
盗墓者没想到这里竟然还有宝藏，狂喜之下大部分人都失了理智，也中了阴魂们的暗算。
在阴气迷惑之下，这些盗墓者起了内讧，把过去的恩怨全都翻了出去，一点鸡毛蒜皮大的小事都能成为他们杀死同伴的理由。
为了独得这些财宝，这些盗墓者最终打了起来。
盗墓者头领，就是那名擅长各种阴秽手段的人察觉不对，他和擅长解毒和擅长阵法的人合作，最终逃出了山洞。
小雪狼当时正好不在山洞，它以为阴魂们肯定能解决那些盗墓者。
而阴魂们看到三名盗墓者逃出去，也以为小雪狼会截杀他们，就没有拦截追捕。
这三名盗墓者就这么幸运地逃出了山洞，逃出了罗荒野。
三人共同画了两幅地图，一幅是从墨河口到达罗荒野的图，还有一幅图就是在罗荒野中如何具体找到那个山洞的图。
罗荒野太大了，又没有特别明显的城市和村镇让他们做地标，他们只能画成两幅图。
三人约定好将来再去罗荒野去找那些藏宝和那只雪狼。
但三人此时其实都有了各自的心思。
盗墓者头领和擅长解毒的那人合伙，决定杀死那名懂阵法的，并利用他的尸体来转移那名大将军的视线，让那名大将军以为他们都逃入罗荒野，再也没有出来。
两人动手了，把那名懂阵法的同伴抛尸在墨河口附近。
但他们没有想到那名懂阵法的同伴天生心脏偏右，加上天气寒冷，伤口被冻上，那人竟然命大地活了下来，还被当地村民救了。
此后，盗墓者头领和擅长解毒的人都害怕对方动手，就此一人拿了一张图分开，约好等追捕的风声过去，再重新相聚取宝。但朝廷发生内部战争，这两人就此失去联系，最后一个找工匠把地图制成了有内刻的金项链，一个做成了金手镯。
两人明明没有打招呼，却做了类似的事情。
而那名侥幸活下来的懂阵法的盗墓者则恨透了另外两人，他想先那两人去取宝藏。
可他到底身受重伤，又在寒冷之地冻了那么久，身体根基损坏，再也不能远行。
这名懂阵法的盗墓者就凭着记忆，画了一幅大略的藏宝图。可他毕竟不是正经的制图者，再加上记忆模糊，罗荒野又那么大，他画的图只能指出一个大概范围。
如果他本人带路，说不定还能找到那个山洞，但他这不是身体毁了吗，别说去罗荒野冒险，就是多走几步路都会胸闷气短。
这人不甘心，在当地娶妻生子，还收了徒弟。 This man was not reconciled, married a wife and had children in the local area, and also took in apprentices.
墨河这个地方因为地处偏僻又寒冷，受到战争影响很小，这个人就这么把藏宝图和罗荒野有雪狼的传说，在家族内一代代传了下来。
Because of its remote and cold location, Mohe was very little affected by the war, so this person passed down the treasure map and the legend of the snow wolf in the Luo Wilderness from generation to generation in the family.
而且这个人的家族也继承了这个人的吃饭手艺，也搞起了盗墓和帮人看阴宅之类的生意，并延续至今。
Moreover, this person's family also inherited this person's eating skills, and also engaged in businesses such as tomb robbing and helping people look after the mansion, and it continues to this day.
四年前，鲁一丰搞寻宝直播，拿出了部分藏宝图。 Four years ago, Lu Yifeng engaged in a live treasure hunt and took out part of the treasure map.
懂阵法的盗墓者的后代偶尔看到了，觉得这藏宝图的部分线条很像是他们家传藏宝图的一部分。他们开始留意鲁一丰的直播。
The descendants of tomb robbers who knew the formation occasionally saw it, and felt that some of the lines of this treasure map looked very much like part of their family heirloom treasure map. They began to pay attention to Lu Yifeng's live broadcast.
鲁一丰把金项链中的藏宝图改头换面拿出来利用多次，虽然每次只放出一部分，但到底给那家人拼凑出了三分之二。
Lu Yifeng took out the treasure map in the gold necklace and used it many times, although only part of it was released each time, but in the end it was two-thirds pieced together for the family.
那家人当时就觉得鲁一丰很可能就是他们家老祖留下的那本书中提到的两个背叛者的后代。
At that time, the family felt that Lu Yifeng was likely to be the descendant of the two betrayers mentioned in the book left by their ancestor.
之后那家人——四个堂兄弟商量后，就给鲁一丰邮寄了一幅西伯荒野的古代地图。
After the family, the four cousins discussed, and mailed Lu Yifeng an ancient map of the Xibo Wilderness.
鲁一丰如获至宝，咬了钩。 Lu Yifeng bit the hook as if he had found a treasure.
四兄弟原本打算偷偷跟踪鲁一丰，谁想到鲁一丰竟然搞起寻宝投资者招募。四兄弟就以地质局工作人员放假休息、出门游玩的名义，报名加入了这个探险旅游团。
The four brothers originally planned to secretly follow Lu Yifeng, but who would have thought that Lu Yifeng would actually engage in treasure hunt investor recruitment. The four brothers signed up for this adventure tour group in the name of the staff of the Geological Bureau taking a holiday and going out to play.
因为鲁一丰的宣传，四兄弟了解到藏宝图来源于薛辉家的那条金项链。他们以己推人，认为钱丽和薛辉不会傻到把金项链中的内刻全部交给鲁一丰，就想得到金项链。
Because of Lu Yifeng's publicity, the four brothers learned that the treasure map came from the gold necklace of Xue Hui's family. They pushed others for themselves, thinking that Qian Li and Xue Hui would not be stupid enough to hand over all the engravings in the gold necklace to Lu Yifeng, and they wanted to get the gold necklace.
之后，四兄弟偷梁换柱，把真的项链偷出来，把假的留给了钱丽。
After that, the four brothers stole the beams and changed the pillars, stole the real necklace, and left the fake one to Qian Li.
拿到项链的四兄弟就决定甩开这些探险者，单独去寻找宝藏，抢先一步截胡。
The four brothers, who got the necklace, decided to leave these explorers behind and go alone to find the treasure and cut off the beard first.
正好钱丽和薛辉突然失踪，大家都在寻找他们。 It just so happened that Qian Li and Xue Hui suddenly disappeared, and everyone was looking for them.
这四人灵机一动，就也搞出失踪假象，实际上则是偷偷离开。
As soon as these four people had an idea, they also made the illusion of disappearance, but in fact, they secretly left.
他们四人还略微懂一些阵法，途中曾经经过第一个迷踪阵，还看到了被困在里面的探险队员。但他们不但没有出手相救，还十分高兴这些人被困。
The four of them also knew a little about the formation, and they had passed the first Lost Formation on the way, and they also saw the expedition members trapped inside. But not only did they not come to the rescue, but they were very happy that these people were trapped.
可没有第二幅地图的四兄弟只凭借祖传的地图和金项链地图，没能找到山洞，却在这一片荒野中绕起了圈圈，最后还陷入到第二个迷踪阵中。
However, the four brothers, who did not have a second map, only relied on the ancestral map and the gold necklace map, and failed to find the cave, but they circled in this wilderness, and finally fell into the second maze array.
他们懂的那点阵法连皮毛都称不上，想要走出第二个迷踪阵根本不可能。
The little formation they knew couldn't even be called the skin, and it was impossible to get out of the second maze formation.
这之后雪狼又把鲁一丰六个人引入这个迷踪阵。 After that, the snow wolf introduced Lu Yifeng and the six people into this maze array.
这些内容，有部分是四兄弟说出来的，也有部分是王叶看因果卷的过往追溯看到的。
Some of these contents were said by the four brothers, and some of them were seen by Wang Ye looking at the past traces of the cause and effect scroll.
如果王叶没能解谜，他想看到金项链和金手镯的久远过去，必然要付出庞大代价，还不一定能看到。
If Wang Ye failed to solve the mystery, he would have to pay a huge price if he wanted to see the long past of the gold necklace and gold bracelet, and he might not be able to see it.
但当他解谜结束，再看四百多年前金项链和金手镯的根源就很轻松了。
But when he finished solving the puzzle, it was easy to look at the roots of gold necklaces and bracelets more than four hundred years ago.
到此，系统终于宣布金项链和金手镯之谜的任务完成。 At this point, the system finally announces that the task of the mystery of the gold necklace and the gold bracelet is complete.
王叶获得了一百万外加一百点的经验值。 Wang Ye gained 1 million plus 100 XP points.
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到12023499点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到九十级。】
[Congratulations to the player next door, after deducting the experience points that have been used, the player's experience points have accumulated 12023499 points, and the game level has been upgraded to level 90 if the upgrade conditions are met.] 】
他终于跨入九十级的门槛！ He finally crossed the threshold of level ninety!
王叶忍不住稍微激动了一会儿。 Wang Ye couldn't help but be a little excited for a while.
但这时他已经不是游戏第一，现在的游戏第一已经升到九十二级。
But at this time, he was no longer the number one in the game, and now the number one in the game has been promoted to level ninety-two.
别看只和他相差两级，其间相差的经验值可是整整两百万还多！
Don't look at the difference between him and him, the difference in experience points is more than two million!
【任务发布！玩家隔壁小王发表论文失败，但拿出的药方却引起特殊游戏区地球·华夏国有关方面注意，现该国遇到研究难题，急需有人帮助。请问隔壁小王是否愿意伸出援手，破解他们的难题？如难题能在半年内解决，奖励经验值五十万点。】
【Mission Released!】 Xiao Wang, the next door to the player, failed to publish a paper, but the prescription he came up with attracted the attention of the relevant parties in the special game area Earth Huaxia Kingdom, and now the country is encountering research problems and urgently needs help. Is Xiao Wang next door willing to lend a hand and solve their problem? If the problem can be solved within half a year, 500,000 experience points will be awarded. 】
王叶挑眉。 Wang Ye raised his eyebrows.
游戏什么时候这么好心？ When did the game get so kind?
这不就相当于白送经验值给他？ Isn't that the equivalent of giving him experience points for free?
因为就算系统不发布这个任务，他也打算帮助相关方面。
Because even if the system doesn't publish this task, he intends to help the relevant parties.
而从游戏的一贯尿性来看，它发布的任务必然有一定意义。
And judging from the consistent urine nature of the game, the tasks it publishes must have some significance.
那么是不是说，基因进化药剂对于地球很重要？
除此之外，王叶被半年这个时限吸引。
半年之后会发生什么事情？
是不是半年后全球或者华夏地区会能量全面爆发，还是说有其他事情发生？
上辈子，这个时间段，地球或者华夏地区有发生什么特殊事情吗？
可恨他上辈子这个时候还在外面瞎混，不是学二胡，就是帮人养狗，每天日子过得紧紧巴巴，能吃饱穿暖就是幸福，哪会留意国家大事和外国的狗屁倒灶事。
王叶接下了这个任务，反正不接白不接。
任务解决，王叶就把那四名假地质员丢到一边，这几个人都是职业盗墓者，他已经把这些人的口供全都录下来，之后这些人自然有国家法律来惩处他们。
王叶走向了鲁一丰。
这人身上有魔气，但不算浓郁，他想试试看能不能把这人救回来。
不是他心软，而是他要明确他的因果之力是否能对付魔物和魔气。
“源清流净！”因果之力顺着二胡音流入鲁一丰身体。
一股黑气从鲁一丰身体中冒出……
搜救队员带着失踪者们回到罗荒村，引起了轰动。
好多村民来围观，冷面刑警带着的警队成员，还有大使馆的联络员全都过来了。
搜救队员一边打电话联系上面安排直升机来接人送去医院，一边和冷面刑警讲述他们寻找到失踪者的过程。
听到搜救队员全都交口称赞一名华夏少年，并称如果没有这名少年和荒野守护神，他们别说找到失踪者并带回来，可能所有搜救队员都得栽在这片荒野里。
冷面刑警一方面怀疑这些人的叙述是否有些夸大，一方面立刻就让人去找那华夏少年，他一听墨绿色越野房车几个字，就知道那少年就是之前跑掉的另一批游客。
可出去找人的警察没一会儿就回来了，对着冷面刑警摇头：“人不见了。”
“怎么又不见了？”冷面刑警自己跑出了酒馆大门。
但所有目击者都说他们确实看到越野房车进来，很多搜救队员和失踪者都从车上下来，但谁都没注意越野房车是什么时候离开的。
大使馆派来的那位联络员一直在旁观和旁听，他最在意的是那少年的模样，希望有人能有那少年或者他家大人的照片，但谁都没有，甚至没有人能记得起那少年和他家大人的模样。包括他自己！
他明明见过那少年和他家大人，可怎么都想不起来对方长什么样了。
最后所有人都只记得那少年一家似乎有一只大黑狗。
联络员立刻把少年的事情报上去，这少年和他家人显然不普通。
“对了，不是说有个失踪者变异了吗？他在哪里？”联络员想起了这个关键人物，赶紧询问搜救队员。
冷面刑警这时也在问这个问题。他甚至已经想到要把这个变异者留在熊国国境，不能让华夏那么快引渡回去。一名变异者，上面肯定会很感兴趣。
“在这里！他昏迷了。咦，奇怪，他怎么这么脏？见鬼！这些黑漆漆的泥巴哪里来的？”搜救队员惊叫。
第348章 觉醒之种
王叶看着手心里发亮的种子一样的小玩意，满脸困惑。
雷木则喜悦地传音表示：“这种子有很浓厚的能量，建议你吸收。”
王叶第一次没有立刻采取雷木的建议，而是很苦恼地叹了口气。
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王成功净化一名堕魔者，并以因果之力结觉醒之种一枚，特此奖励经验值一万点。】
听到系统提示，王叶不叹气了，还瞬间变得精神无比：“觉醒之种？是我想的那个意思吗？”
系统毫无反应。
没关系，他还有鉴定术。
鉴定结果告诉王叶：一级觉醒之种，水系，净化一级魔物后得到，可使一名普通人觉醒为水系超凡者，只实力不如自然觉醒者，如没有特殊际遇和天材地宝培养，未来成长程度有限。
王叶满眼都是小星星：“木木，我们赚大了！”
雷木：“这是什么？”
虫老看到王叶看着手中闪闪发亮的水滴形种子发呆，戳他，也问了相同的问题：“这是什么？你看半天了。”
王叶转头，难掩兴奋：“师父，您知道觉醒之种吗？”
“觉醒之种？没有听说过。我只听过魔种。怎么，这东西就是觉醒之种？哪里来的？”虫老接过水滴形的觉醒之种查看。
这东西似晶非晶，冰凉水润，捏起来软软的，但虫老用了一点力气也没有捏坏。
王叶对几位师父基本不会有什么隐瞒，就实话实说道：“我之前不是尝试净化那个异变成魔物的家伙吗，净化完了，这东西就冒出来了。”
虫老眯眼。实话说，虫老也有够惊讶的。
因为他这个宝贝徒弟竟然能净化堕魔者，把对方身上的魔气全部去除得干干净净，还能留下对方性命。
最有意思的是，他仔细检查过那个浑身被黑泥包裹的男子，对方彻底成为了一个普通人，精神核虽然没有摧毁，但他永远都不可能再成为觉醒者，包括堕魔者。
说句难听的大实话，转变成魔物也需要资质。
其实每个人身上多多少少都有一些异能觉醒的可能，只不过有的人天赋更好、潜力更足、机缘更好，觉醒异能的可能性就更高，而有些人就天生差那么一点。
当一个人转变成魔物时，也相当于是一种觉醒，只不过觉醒方向不同而已。
王叶净化这种魔物，相当于就摧毁了对方的天赋和资质。
不过摧毁也就罢了，王叶竟然还能把被净化的魔物的天赋和资质提炼出来凝结成一枚觉醒之种，这就很奇特了。
而看王叶的样子，他自己都还稀里糊涂的。
虫老都不知道该说什么了，这个能力说出去，他怕他徒弟第二天就被长生会拜月教之类的人给抢走生吃。
“你怎么知道这是觉醒之种？”虫老心情复杂地问徒弟。
徒弟太牛掰，当师父的压力也大啊。
王叶是真稀里糊涂：“我会鉴定术，这东西据说可以让一个普通人觉醒异能。而凝结出来的原因，大概和我本身的异术有关。”
虫老已经从这颗种子的名字想到这点，但从王叶嘴里证实，还是让他的手抖了抖。
王叶从没有跟任何人说他修的是因果之力，不是他不想说，而是不能说，他就算想说也说不出口。
雷木也忍不住道：“好东西，放出去肯定有很多人抢。”
王叶也沾沾自喜道：“孩儿们，以后再也不用担心爸爸养不活你们了~”
雷木：“……”
“这事不要对外说。”虫老神色凝重。
王叶忙不迭点头：“我知道。”嗐，太能干了就是这点不好，容易成为靶子~
王叶心里已经在盘算要请靳蜘蛛帮他设计和炼制一个专门寻找魔物的罗盘。
一个魔物一万经验值，还能获得一枚觉醒之种，到哪儿找这么好做的生意？
王叶要不是怕自己太得意了会被虫老揍，这会儿已经插腰桀桀大笑。
“但这东西既然出现也不能不用，否则未免太浪费。”虫老那意思，似乎很想用自己做个实验。
王叶吓了一跳，忙道：“师父你悠着点，这东西还不知道是好是坏，虽然我净化过，但到底是魔物身体里出来的，而且就算觉醒，能力也会很低微。您还是别拿自己实验，得不偿失。”
虫老无语地敲敲徒弟的脑袋：“你以为我和你一样莽吗？我只是打算研究看看，并没有打算以身相试。这枚觉醒之种先放在我这里。”
“好的好的。”王叶对师父们一向不小气，何况一枚他很可能可以量产的觉醒之种。
“地球以后的堕魔者和魔物不会少，你以后也不止会净化一个魔物，这东西不拿白不拿。而这东西在双月星没有出现，却在地球出现，必然有它出现的道理。我们没必要隐瞒觉醒之种的存在，但也没必要宣传。”虫老人老成精，三言两语就让徒弟安下心来。
家有一老，如有一宝。王叶本来就没有担心，他迫不及待去打怪，现在更有师父当靠山，更是放飞自我。不就是净化一个魔物就能得到一个觉醒之种当奖励吗，压根就不是事~
而且王叶有种感觉，也许他们这些地球玩家在双月星学会的各种技能未来都是要用在地球上的，只是上辈子他没能等到那个时候。
因为这枚觉醒之种，王叶都没心思去和熊国的刑警们打交道，等把所有人转移出房车，他就让虫巢隐形，跑了。
他得去找基因进化药剂的材料，还得制作适合地球人的觉醒药剂，以后更得多多打怪，他很忙好吗。
至于鲁一丰以后会怎么样，自然有法律判决。
他做过的事情，那些幸存者都看在眼里，包括他转变成魔物的过程。
What he has done, those survivors have seen, including the process of his transformation into a monster.
在鲁一丰转变成魔物之前，谁也没想到这个看起来人模狗样的家伙的底线竟然会那么低，就连那四个盗墓者都比他有人性得多。
Before Lu Yifeng turned into a monster, no one thought that the bottom line of this guy who looked like a dog would be so low, and even those four tomb robbers were much more humane than him.
在鲁一丰六人和盗墓者四人被困在同一个迷踪阵后，他们遇到的第一个问题就是食水供应。
After Lu Yifeng's six and the four tomb robbers were trapped in the same maze array, the first problem they encountered was the supply of drinking water.
眼看食物和清水越来越少，十个人就开始因为有限的食水开始了内部争斗。
Seeing that food and water were getting scarce, the ten people began to fight among themselves over the limited amount of water.
等到所有食物和清水全部吃完，在饿了两天后，其他人开始试图去挖被困地点的草根吃，鲁一丰却几乎没有任何心理障碍地打算吃人肉。
After all the food and water were eaten, after two days of starvation, the others began to try to dig the grass roots in the trapped place to eat, but Lu Yifeng almost did not have any psychological obstacles and planned to eat human flesh.
而且他也真的付诸行动了。 And he really put it into action.
鲁一丰选择吃人肉的理由很简单：他如果不能吃饱，就会不断衰弱下去，而在被困的情况下，吃人肉维持生命的事必然会发生，到那时肯定是谁强谁能活到最后。
鲁一丰不想自己饿到连反抗都没有力气，最后只能成为别人的腹中粮，所以他决定先下手为强，让自己吃饱再说。
Lu Yifeng didn't want to be so hungry that he didn't even have the strength to resist, and in the end he could only become someone else's stomach, so he decided to start first and let himself be full.
他的助理们也是第一次知道他们老板的良知和底线竟然能低到这种程度。
他们也不敢说自己是完全的好人，但他们觉得自己还能坚持，只要不到真的没有办法的程度，他们还是想要做个人。
They don't dare to say that they are completely good, but they feel that they can still persevere, as long as they don't really have a way, they still want to be individuals.
只能说人性这东西真的不能考验，谁也不知道自己在遇到类似问题时会如何决断。
It can only be said that human nature really can't be tested, and no one knows how they will decide when they encounter similar problems.
就在鲁一丰吃下第一口人肉开始，他就向魔物转变了。 As soon as Lu Yifeng ate the first bite of human flesh, he transformed into a monster.
如果这一片荒野不是正好处在能量爆发的中心，鲁一丰也不可能这么快和这么容易转变成魔物。
If this wilderness hadn't been at the center of the energy explosion, Lu Yifeng wouldn't have been able to transform into a monster so quickly and so easily.
而鲁一丰能这么快转变成魔物，也说明他本身的天赋和资质非常好，非常有可能自然觉醒成超凡者。
但他放纵了自己的欲望，他希望吃饱，希望成为被困者中的最强者和支配者，而为了吃饱，他不介意吃掉同类。
偏偏他的良知底线也真的很低，低到他发现自己正向魔物转变，不但没有恐惧和停止自己的恶行，反而觉得这是他变强和活下去的机会，他几乎没有任何抵抗地任由魔性吞噬了最后的人性。
他放开了自己，也放弃了成为超凡者的可能。
只能说时也命也？
可现在躺在地上的鲁一丰浑身都被黑泥包裹着，他知道发生了什么，也知道自己失去了什么。
他绝望到极点，也恐惧到极点，他知道接下来等着的他会是什么。
鲁一丰还在心中拼命渴望自己能再度变异，这次哪怕变成更可怕的东西，他也在所不惜。
可惜这时无论他怎么想，也不可能了，他现在就是一个被榨干的烂棉絮，想要引来能量点燃“火种”，基本不可能。就算真的引来，最后也只会真的点燃而已。
烧成灰那种。
因为鲁一丰之前的变异，熊国警方处理他时极为小心，连他身上的黑泥都不敢随便乱动。
直升机来到罗荒村，把几个重伤患者先一步送往附近大城市的大医院进行治疗。
当这些重伤患者被送进医院后，熊国的医生都有些懵逼：这样的伤势，人竟然还能活下来？而且中间还耽搁了将近一天时间？
华夏小少年的神奇医术再次被提起。
最先被救的两名搜救人员还期期艾艾地提到同伴有可能觉醒了异能，但现在精神力枯竭会就此变成植物人的事。
熊国医生和熊国警方：“……”你们这是在送来医院的途中又喝了几瓶？
两搜救队员表明，那华夏少年有留言说他能治疗那名异能觉醒的同伴，还能保住他的异能，不过要上游戏《极度危险》的交易行挂帖子求药。
熊国：“……”
大使馆联络员暗中打听到此事，又写了一份报告交了上去。
之后，为了留下鲁一丰进行研究，熊国还和华夏做了几次谈判，进行了一次交易。
这时熊国警方还不知道鲁一丰已经成了一个废人，无论他们怎么研究，也不可能研究出半点东西。
商谈结果下来，鲁一丰将在熊国停留一个月。
一个月后，鲁一丰就会被转回华夏接受他应该接受的惩罚。
只不过鲁一丰最终没能坚持满一个月，他心中有太多疯狂的欲望，并异常渴望能量。
最后能量真的来了，但他的身体已经无法承受这些力量，鲁一丰自燃了，真的烧成了灰。
同期，熊国在收到搜救人员的汇报后，立即派了一支考察队伍进入西伯荒野考察，他们还想找到那只荒野守护神，但最后被里面的异变动植物还有昆虫给逼了出来。
等到了九月份，这片荒野就变得更为可怕，因为这里的温度已经低到人类无法生存的地步，大雪成天飘飞，动物却不肯冬眠。
而最靠近这片荒野的罗荒村人却似已经适应这里的温度，他们也是熊国第一批身体体质大幅度改变的人……
时间回到现在，一切都还没有揭开盖子。
刚离开罗荒村，雷木忽然对王叶精神传音：“你是不是忘了什么。”
王叶一愣：“我忘了什么？”
雷木无奈：“金宝呢？你是不是把金宝又忘记了？”
王叶恍然：“啊！”
此时，因为吃得太饱，不小心睡着的金宝正流着口水抱着一块石头翻了个身。
“爸叽~，好吃~”
雪狼低下头，用黑润的鼻尖蹭了蹭小小的金色四脚蛇。
这小东西也不知道是不是营养太好吃太多，小身体圆鼓鼓胖乎乎的，看起来都不像是四脚蛇了。
金宝咂咂嘴巴，张口就咬向雪狼的鼻尖。
雪狼脑袋轻轻一甩。
金宝呈抛物线飞了出去。
啪叽！金宝被砸醒了。
“谁打我？站出来！”金宝跳起来吼。
雪狼的一爪子踩在金宝身上。
金宝艰难地从爪子下爬出来，抬头四处看：“我爸爸们呢？混蛋小叶子爸爸是不是又把我丢下了？！”
雪狼低头看这个小东西，爪子一拨，把他翻了个面。
金宝四只小爪子抱住弯过来的尾巴，遮住鼓鼓的小肚子，仰头看雪狼，判断自己打不过对方，特别乖巧地发出：“嗷呜~”
雪狼：“……”他小时候是不是就这么叫的？为什么听起来这么像小奶狗在呜呜叫？
“嗷呜——”留下来。
“嗷呜？”金宝用力摇头，不留不留，他要跟着爸爸们走~
雪狼眼中冒出凶光。
唰！一道人影陡然出现。
王叶的空间能力领悟得不错，他在离开这个山洞时就留了坐标点，随时都能瞬移过来。
Wang Ye's spatial ability was well comprehended, and when he left this cave, he left a coordinate point, and he could teleport over at any time.
“不好意思哈，我把我家娃给忘了。”王叶讪笑，从雪狼爪子下面把自家小崽子给揪了出来。
“爸叽坏！又丢下我！”金宝愤怒地控诉。
王叶干笑：“我这不是想起来就回来了嘛。再说，谁让你乱跑？乱跑也不交代一声，我怎么知道你在不在家里。”
金宝哼哼唧唧，只觉得自己受了无限委屈。
王叶可不会惯他，把他拎起来就扔进虫巢。
结果看到雪狼直直地盯着他的手指。
王叶警惕，脸上却带着热情的笑容道：“我之前有给你们介绍过吗？他叫金宝，我儿砸。”
雪狼：“……”人类就是满口谎言。
一个人类怎么可能会生出一条四脚蛇？而且这个男孩明明还没到成年期。
“嗷呜！”
“你想要留下他？”王叶惊讶，为难道：“我们家这个小崽子特别难养，他特别能吃，我倒不介意把他留下来，但我怕他把你吃穷。”
雪狼：“嗷呜！”
“你能养活他？那倒也不是不能商……”王叶一副心动的模样，被雷木的精神力戳了下，迅速改口道：“还是算了，他雷木爸爸喜欢他，我也习惯家里有这么一个闹腾的小混蛋了。”
正准备放声大哭的金宝收起架势，哼唧。那小模样简直跟王叶一模一样。
虫老看得直摇头，金宝好的不学尽学他小叶子爸爸坏的地方。
“雪啊，相信我们很快还会再见面，我走了。对了，我会在这边再留几天，主要是找点药草，跟你先打个招呼。”王叶不想在这个山洞多留，这次过来他感到了更强的召唤。
他怕他在这里留时间长了，会被强行召唤进那个神秘道场。
更何况现在这只雪狼还想留下金宝，闪了闪了。
王叶身影一闪，从山洞消失。
吧嗒，有什么东西落到雪狼面前。
雪狼低头，就看到一只眼熟的金色小四脚蛇落到了地上。
用爪子按了按，会叫，但不是活的。
雪狼本来想把这假货撕碎，但它突然又改变了主意，张嘴叼住这个小玩具，朝山洞深处走去。
在雪狼看来，这就是约定了。
它问过小家伙，愿不愿意留下来。
小家伙虽然没有给予肯定回复，却给了它信物，四舍五入这就是同意跟它的意思。
王叶和雷木这两个爸爸完全不知道他们的好儿子干了什么事。
有些纪念物是能随便给的吗？
被惦记上只能说是自找的。
王叶在西伯荒野又待了半个月，主要是为寻找虫蜜的替代物。
这期间，小云和雷木都帮了不少忙，他们哪怕没有直接接触植物，也能有所感知。
王叶本身也学了疯药王的辨药术，再有两个纯木系帮手在身边，真正是如虎添翼，这让他寻找替代物的速度也快了很多。
这天，他再次收到游戏系统提醒，有人私信他。
这种私信可以匿名，只通过交易行系统进行联系。
私信内容是上次想要购买觉醒药剂的后续。
对方希望面谈，如果不能，就想购买四瓶给觉醒失败者使用的觉醒药剂。
王叶：“……师父！闻笛师父他们跑去哪儿了？怎么到现在没回来？我有点问题想要请教他们。”
觉醒失败有多种可能，病因不一样，造成的结果也多种多样，这种情况下当然不能随便开药。
同时对方的私信内容也证明，国家方面果然知道游戏的特殊之处，并且已经在做各种尝试。
第349章 师父们失踪了
闻笛、兰道和疯药王失踪了。
原本王叶和虫老丝毫不担心他们三人的安危，毕竟以这三位的能力，不说横行无忌，自保绝对不成问题，可当他们用尽手段都没有联系到三人时，王叶想到当闻笛师父三人说要出去走走时，狂跳的心脏。
那是某种预兆吗？
王叶急了，立刻散发精神力寻找雪狼，向对方求助。
雪狼没想到这么快就再次见到这个人类小孩。
金宝还颠颠地跑出来和人家打招呼，“叽呜，狼哥你好~”
雪狼用爪子拨了拨金宝，“嗷呜！”
王叶发现自己越来越能理解雪狼的意思，都不用大黑做翻译：“你最后一次看到我师父他们，是在一个大湖泊边？他们进入湖水里了？”
“是哪个方向？哪个湖泊？”王叶唰地打开一张西伯荒野的地图。
雪狼不会看地图，但它会辨认方向，王叶把地图的方向告诉它，再把他们现在所处位置在地图上点击出来。
雪狼就指出那个湖泊的方向。
王叶再把他收集到的西伯荒野的照片拿出来给雪狼看。
雪狼分辨出来。
没两分钟，王叶就锁定了师父们去的湖泊是哪个湖。
贝加尔湖，华夏古称北海，苏武牧羊的地方。
同时也是世界最古老的淡水湖泊之一，和最深的湖。
关于这个湖泊的传说很多，其中最著名的就是埋葬着二十五万具尸体和上千吨金银财宝的传闻。
王叶不认为闻笛三人会为了捞黄金跑到那个湖泊，而且他们也不知道这个传说，那么他们怎么会跑到贝加尔湖还进入了湖水？
“那湖里有什么？”王叶问地头狼。
可地头狼表示它也有不知道的事情：“嗷呜。”
“不清楚？湖水很深？深到你也无法探测的地步？”王叶怀疑，贝加尔湖有深到这种程度吗？
雪狼可是天生地养形成的自然之灵，它没有实际形体，完全可以无惧压强。
“嗷呜！”
“那湖泊里有古怪的能量封印着什么？也拒绝让你进入？”王叶惊讶。
雪狼不让调皮的金宝往它身上爬，用爪子镇压他。
金宝有爸爸们在，那胆子不止能包天，还能包宇宙，叽叽嘎嘎地笑个不停，雪狼越是不让它爬，它越是要爬。
“嗷呜。”
“山上有你不喜欢的能量？那边有很多你不喜欢的存在？”王叶有点迷糊，没弄懂：“哪座山？”
“嗷呜！”
“湖边的山？他们修炼的力量让你不舒服？要小心他们？”
“嗷呜！”
“好吧，我知道了，谢谢你的消息。金宝，走了！”王叶一把抓过金宝。
雪狼不舍。从它诞生到现在，它从没有碰到过能在它爪牙拍打撕咬下还能完好无损、更不惧怕它的生灵，这个金色小四脚蛇是第一个。
明明看起来那么弱小，身体却那么强韧，而且一点都不怕它，还敢咬它鼻尖。
金宝跟雪狼扬了扬小爪子：“再见叽呜~”
王叶捏儿子：你还叽呜，再叽呜，我就带不走你了。
“嗷呜——！”雪狼冲着王叶消失的方向，发出长长的狼嚎。
虫巢中小云抓住被王叶丢进来的金宝，看着在原野上奔跑的雪狼，忽然道：“那是个寂寞的小家伙。”
王叶几个听到这话都笑了。
小云算是比较特殊的一个存在，他在成为树人前作为一棵香云树就已经存活了很多年，只是转变成树人后就变成了小崽崽的模样。
所以小云经常顶着小树苗的身体，说出一些老气横秋的话。
金宝蹲在小云肩头，仰头叫：“爸叽，我们家这么大，让雪雪也住进来好不好？”
王叶摇头道：“不是我不想，而是那只雪狼不会愿意，那是一个向往自由和强大的存在，它不会喜欢待在别人的地盘。”
“你可以给它自由进出的权限啊。”金宝还是挺喜欢那只大雪狼的，觉得它贼漂亮。
王叶：“不一样，它并不相信我们，更不会允许自己被别人掌控，哪怕只是有这个可能。”
金宝似懂非懂，“好吧，等以后吧，也许以后它会相信我们哒~”
小云摸摸金宝的脑袋，金宝立刻就把雪狼抛之脑后，嚷嚷着要去看小兔叽小狍叽。
王叶看着金宝那模样，不禁长叹：养娃不易啊。而且投入那么大，还随时都有可能被拐跑。不行，要拐也是拐进来，决不能被拐跑！
雷木低笑。别看小叶子总是对金宝各种损、各种意见，但最宠金宝、最舍不得金宝的往往也是他，金宝也就是感觉出这点，才会舍不得离开他们。口是心非的小爸爸~
Remu chuckled. Don't look at Xiao Yezi always has all kinds of losses and opinions on Jinbao, but he is often the one who favors Jinbao the most and is the most reluctant to Jinbao, and Jinbao is also reluctant to leave them when he feels this. Dulicitous little daddy~
王叶用最快速度赶到了贝加尔湖。 Wang Ye rushed to Lake Baikal as fast as he could.
这里的景色确实美丽到让人沉醉，但王叶几个现在都没有看风景的心情。
The scenery here is indeed so beautiful that it is intoxicating, but Wang Ye is not in the mood to look at the scenery now.
虫老站在湖边用魔法联系闻笛三人，仍旧没有任何回应。
The worm elder stood by the lake and used magic to contact the three Wendi, but there was still no response.
虫老不停更换地点，放出感知。 The worm keeps changing locations and releasing perceptions.
“小叶子，这边。”虫老发现了什么。 "Little leaf, this way." What did the worm find out.
王叶立刻跑过去。
虫老指向湖岸边一块石头，只见石头上有几个魔法符号，还有一些古怪的纹路。
这是一个针对固定对象的通讯留言魔法阵，王叶一看就看出来了。
王叶伸手摸向石头，释放出自己的精神力，闻笛师父的声音在他脑中响起：
“我们在寻找能量眼途中忽然感到喷涌的魔气，疑似附近有魔界通道打开，就顺着魔气寻来。在这里我们看到两名已经转变成魔族的魔种。经探测，湖底真有通往魔界的通道打开，通道随时都可能关闭，机不可失失不再来，我们三人决定尾随那两名魔族到湖底一探。如果我们没有回来，那就是进入魔界了，勿担心。”
“勿担心个屁！”王叶气得跳脚：“闻笛师父他们是怎么回事？发现魔种和魔界通道就随便去看，现在半点魔气都感觉不到，那通道百分百已经关闭！这要我们怎么找他们？”
王叶气得不行。
虫老也觉得那三人这次做得有点莽撞，但也非常理解他们的莽撞：“如果他们真的发现一条通往魔界的通道，换了我，我也会立刻进去看看。这也许是危险，但对我们来说，同样也是机缘。”
虫老还摸摸徒弟的头：“你找到的那个传承很好，但不一定就适合我们，但魔族那边的知识却是双月星魔法的源头，懂？”
王叶抿了抿嘴唇：“旋风带能量眼那边的第二关学堂，如果学完考试过关，也能进入魔界。而且唐博和古鼎不是留言说，就算去往魔界，学了那里的知识，也不能彻底解决双月星人突破更高阶的问题吗？”
虫老笑：“别人说是别人说。当你饿急的时候，就算别人跟你说隔壁挂出来的肉不能吃，你就真的能忍住不去吃吗？”
“可闻笛师父他们明明还没有到饿急的时候。”王叶心很乱。
看到王叶对闻笛三人如此担心，虫老心里很欣慰，他们真的没有白疼这个小兔崽子。
虫老眼里流露出只对徒弟的宽厚和温柔，手掌摩挲着他的后脑勺：“不要担心他们，不管是闻笛还是兰道，就是转变亡灵的疯药王，他们都是强者。再说，你通过的那个考验给出的传承就真的能解决双月星的问题吗？你看唐博和古鼎至今还没有回来，至少明面上没有，这就表示，他们也没有把握。”
“既然都是尝试，为什么不尝试更熟悉、更有把握的一条路？以闻笛他们的骄傲，他们不会全盘接受前人的说法，唐博古鼎他们说不可以，也许有他们的考量和限制，但换一个人呢？换一个思维呢？”
王叶沉默地看着湖面。
他要怎么告诉虫老，他是在担心命运的车轮会因为惯性回到原来的车辙中。
现在是游戏运行第六年，根据他和闻笛师父的交谈内容和从因果卷上看到的部分过往，他推测上辈子这段时间正是闻笛师父和雷木“隐藏于市”的时候。
而按照上辈子的时间线，游戏运行第六年也是一切灾难明显化的开始。
这一年，囚犯岛、海草岛和海沟岛被寄生虫族毁灭。
第七年，双月星好多国家展开大战。很多地球玩家就是靠这些大战，才能快速升级和崛起。
第八年，陨星魔法学校神秘消失。
第九年，传闻撒坦屠杀整个银月帝国，成为世界公敌。
现在因为他重生归来，因为他有意无意的插手，上辈子曾经发生的一些大事这辈子都没有发生，或者发生了也有了巨大改变。
命运看似已经改变，但巨大的惯性说不定仍旧会硬带着他们往原来的路走。
他们必须要使出更大的力气才能甩开惯性，把原来的命运车轮拉扯到完全不一样的道路中。
偏偏这时候闻笛、兰道和疯药王三人同时失踪。
偏偏按照上辈子的时间线，他们三人在接下来的几年中确实都分别遇到了危机，尤其是兰道师父和疯药王，他们在上辈子死亡的时间要比闻笛更早，就在之后的几年中。
他们现在是有可能进入魔界开始了自己的机缘之路，但也很有可能就此陨落。
其实在几位师父突然一起进入学堂和他待在一起，一心教导他开始，他就有种命运的车轮在碾压他们的感觉。
上辈子同一时期，这几位都没有“出世”。所以这辈子他们明明各自解决了自己的问题，可以大放光彩的时候，命运就让他们选择进入学堂教导他这个徒弟，让他们没有更多机会去影响这个世界。
At the same time in their previous lives, none of these people were "born". So in this life, when they obviously solved their own problems and could shine, fate made them choose to enter the academy to teach him as an apprentice, so that they had no more opportunities to influence the world.
他带着师父们进入地球游玩，看似他们的选择，又何尝不是命运的推动？
He took the masters into the earth to play, it seems that their choice is not the impetus of fate?
否则他们怎么会一回来就遇到金项链和金手镯的秘密，还找到了西伯荒野？
Otherwise, how could they have encountered the secret of the gold necklace and gold bracelet as soon as they returned, and also found the Siber Wilderness?
而闻笛师父三人也因此偶遇魔界通道开启，就此进入魔界。
这下，他们不管在魔界有什么样的机遇，短期内也无法再影响双月星和地球。
就连他也通过一个传承考验。
而一旦他进入那个传承，他不就相当于也从地球和双月星消失了？
包括虫老、雷木、靳蜘蛛、金宝、小光、小云、还有小角和贝贝他们一起！
而这些存在原本都是该在上辈子的同期时间线中消失的存在。
王叶越想越毛骨悚然。
“叶子，小叶子……”有谁在呼唤他。
雷木？
王叶手指抚摸缠住手腕的细丝，不住想：木木，我不会让你死，这次我无论如何都不会让你比我先死，我一定会救出你还有师父们，我……
“小叶子！”一声雷霆爆喝陡然在他脑中响起。
王叶身体一抖，回神。
虫老怒瞪徒弟。
王叶也是一头冷汗，他刚才好像精神力出了岔子？
“爸叽！你为什么要投湖自杀？”金宝也在叫。
王叶低头一看，发现他竟然已经走入冰凉的湖水中。
虫老会生气，就是因为他怎么都拉不住王叶。
这小兔崽子就跟被什么魇住了一样，不断朝湖水中走。
王叶吐气，干脆抄起湖水洗了一把脸。
冰凉的湖水让他沸腾的头脑稍微冷静下来。
“这里不是没有魔气，还是有魔气残留。而且这魔气残留会引出人心中最恐惧的事情。”王叶又抄起几把冷水，让自己彻底冷静，同时对自己施展【源清流净】，祛除魔气感染。
“很厉害，竟然能让我们以为没有魔气。”王叶对虫老也施展了源清流净。
虫老同样受到影响，但他目前最恐惧的事就是王叶会被亲友所害，所以他被魔气感染后，一颗心和注意力就全部集中在王叶身上。
当看到王叶向湖水中走去，且一副失魂落魄到要淹死自己的模样，他急了，发出了精神震荡怒吼。
这也算是误打误撞？
留下魔气的魔族大概也没想到会有这么巧合的事情。
虫巢中的几个受影响比较小，雷木几乎没有受到影响。
但雷木几次呼唤王叶，反而让王叶更加忧心他。
就在雷木打算宁可拼着自己精神力根基受损，也要加大力度刺激王叶恢复清明时，虫老出手了。
饱含虫老十成精神力的一声爆吼，不但吼醒了王叶，也救了他自己。
王叶及时对虫老施展【源清流净】，也让虫老清醒过来意识到他也中了道儿。
这也就幸亏刚才王叶身边只有他一个，但凡再多一个人，不管那人是谁，哪怕是雷木和闻笛他们，虫老都可能对他们下手，就为了保护徒弟。
既然对小叶子下手的是亲友，那只要把小叶子的亲友都干掉，然后再干掉他自己，小叶子不就安全了？
刚才虫老就是这么想的。
“一个强大的魔种，具有强大的蛊惑人心的能力。”虫老也开始担心闻笛他们了。
偷偷跟着这么一个强大的魔种，另一个还实力未知，又是直接闯入对方的地盘，闻笛三人这次是真的太莽了。
可人十有八九都已经进入魔界，现在说什么都迟了。
就算他们想要捞人回来，也得找到通往魔界的通道才行。
王叶不死心，到底还是深入湖水中找了一圈。
贝加尔湖最深处将近一千七百米，但不代表这就到底了，实际上这个湖泊的泥浆层深达六千米。
王叶在泥浆层确实感觉到了强大的封印之力，也感到了一丝丝魔气。
王叶找到魔气泄露的位置，跟虫老说道：“这个封印的力量，和留下传承考验的力量很像，应该是同一个人，或者同一批人留下的封印。他们要封印的大约就是魔界通道，这里的空间壁垒很薄，有被强行撕开的痕迹。”
王叶现在对空间之力已经比较了解，对空间之力的感知也比虫老这个圣级大佬更深。
“封印被打开了？”虫老也感知到那一丝魔气。
“不算全部打开，应该是巧合。”王叶有点郁闷，这个巧合就是考验石碑碎掉后，能量眼喷发出大量能量，导致封印也受到震动，然后有魔族也恰在此时攻击封印，封印就被撕开了一条缝隙。
“闻笛师父说他在这里发现了两名魔种。看来地球这边也有魔种，而且这两名魔种已经彻底转变成魔族，他们想要回去魔界，并且知道这里有通往魔界的通道，很可能长期看守在这里，然后在感觉到能量喷涌的时候，就一起攻击了封印，这才能打开一条缝隙。”
虫老点头：“很有可能。”
王叶忽然想到之前雪狼跟他说的山，还有山上修炼某种能量的存在，雪狼说它不喜欢那些存在和能量。
王叶回到岸边，打开电脑找出他下载的贝加尔湖资料，在查看附近的山镇介绍时，一眼就看到了萨满集中地这句话。
看来那里不止有萨满，还有假借萨满之名，实际上吸收魔气在修炼魔族功法的魔种。
那些魔种十成一直都在守护和想法打开魔界通往地球的通道。
王叶甚至脑洞大开，想到死在贝加尔湖的二十五万条人命。
当时的气温据说往常都只有零下二十度左右，但就在那一晚，贝加尔湖表面突然降温到零下七十度。
于是所有停留在湖面的人全都冻死，湖冰融化后就此沉入湖底。
那么这会不会压根就不是什么自然现象，而是一场大型献祭？为的就是打开通道？
“通道已经关闭，我们继续留在这里也没用，走吧，先去做其他事情，多给你闻笛师父他们一些信心。闻笛已经进入圣级，兰道也已经九级接近十级，他们自保应该是没问题的。疯药王虽然转变成亡灵弱了一些，但说不定魔界更适合亡灵修炼。”虫老理智分析，做出决断。
王叶一想也是，那三位连他都头疼，等到了魔界，也不可能就突然变成弱者，倒是魔界那些魔族要小心这三位。
一想到疯药王那个疯狂劲，还有闻笛师父那可怕的研究精神，以及兰道师父看似云淡风轻实则强硬冷酷并对卷轴极度痴迷的模样……
王叶想，也许这三位真的能走出和唐博古鼎他们不一样的路，并找到突破十级的方法。
要相信他们！
“好吧，我们走。唉，有这么任性妄为的师父们，做徒弟的真是操不完的心。”王叶仰天长叹。
啪！后脑勺被拍了。
虫老阴森道：“有种你把这话当着你闻笛师父的面说。”
王叶哼唧：“如果他现在就站我面前，您看我敢不敢说。”
王叶突然一把抱住虫老的胳膊，哭嚎：“师父啊，我现在只有你一个师父了，您可千万也别丢下我一个人跑了，千万不要啊~”
虫老：今天也很手痒想揍徒弟呢。
靳蜘蛛：我就知道我一向都是被遗忘的那个，郁闷。好在雷木承认我是他师父。
“你看看你，像话吗？你这样要什么时候能断奶？你已经十三岁了，不是小娃娃了，我们和你分离也是迟早的事，你得早点习惯。”虫老笑骂。
“嫑！偶这一辈子都不打算断奶。”王叶抱紧他虫师父的胳膊，斩钉截铁道：“你们都别想甩开我，我缠你们缠定了。”
虫老：“……”收了个缠人精徒弟怎么办？
雷木：小叶子的病情越发严重了。
PTSD症状越发严重的王叶也没忘记赚钱，他在走之前，还妄想到湖底去捞那上千吨的金银。
可也许是那么多金银这么多年早已沉入泥浆层，也许已经被人捞走，王叶操纵虫巢在湖底转悠了整整一天，什么都没找到，他也不可能钻入泥浆中一点点摸找，那太费时间了。
最后一气之下，他在虫巢中又开辟了一个湖泊，把贝加尔湖的湖水和鱼虾之类转移了一些进去。这可是高质量的淡水。
又把沉在贝加尔湖湖底的泥浆层挖了老多，送给小云当培养药植和蔬菜的基肥。
小云很高兴地收下了这份礼物。
小光瞅着湖泊里的鱼虾，眼睛闪闪发亮，她玩养殖已经玩出乐趣，如今不止陆上的她要养，水里的她也想养。
决定了！她下一步的进化的方向就进化在水中的存活能力和行动能力，还要淡水和咸水一起。
小云翻整那些烂泥，翻着翻着，翻出一个裹着烂泥的耳环。
这是耳环吧？
小云用清水冲洗干净，看到金圈镶嵌的充满奢华和神秘感的黑色宝石，随手丢到一边。
既然是王叶给他的，就表示王叶不想要，而这个耳环对他也没什么用，就当垃圾先放一边吧，到时候给小光他们，看他们吃不吃。
没多久，小云就在烂泥里翻找出一堆垃圾，还有一些方正的金属。
金宝表示想吃，小云就把那些金条银条都给了金宝。
靳蜘蛛看到了几小分赃的全部过程，但他决定不告诉王叶，让那小兔崽子不承认他是他师父，哼！
第350章 姚浩觉醒
王叶走时跟雪狼打了个招呼，跟它说了魔族通道的事，让它注意提防。
雪狼担心通道再开。
王叶摇头：“之前那通道能打开，只是撞了个巧。那两个魔族只是打开了一条缝隙，并只能维持极短的时间。能量潮涌过后，封印就把打开的通道又强行关闭了。只要封印的力量还存在，魔族那边就别想轻易打开这条通道。”
“嗷呜——”雪狼放心了，并决定多多关注那个湖泊还有那座山里的人类。
王叶又暗中去罗荒村绕了一圈，见该村并没有受到什么影响，仍旧和往日一样过着自己的日子，随即就离开西伯荒野，回到华夏这边的城市。
而一回来，他就接连收到好几条短信提醒。
其中两条都是银行的入账通知。
有人分别打了四十万和一百万给他。
同时通过银行转账的留言短信给他留下了家庭地址和姚浩的大名。
再看那一百万的入账日期，王叶讪笑。
从两笔金额的入账时间看，第一笔应该是姚浩刚回到有网络的城市就给他转账了，这是姚浩和葛杰的救援费。
第二笔则是在十天前，姚浩应该是在出现发烧迹象后没多久就给他打了一百万，这是购买觉醒药剂的钱。
但他这半个月一直待在西伯荒野，那里没有网络也没有信号，自然就没有收到短信。
时隔这么久，他一直没有给姚浩回复，也没给他寄送觉醒药剂，只怕姚浩这会儿已经觉得遇到骗子，并把那瓶封印药剂给喝下去了。
王叶轻叹，虽然他给出那瓶封印药剂时就知道这瓶药剂九成不可能留下来，但对他这么一个勤俭节约的人来说还是觉得可惜。
他要是知道姚浩这么容易就相信他，他就……他也不会改变计划。
冲着对方遵守诺言付了救援费，王叶直接给姚浩打了电话，姚浩在联络信息中也留了自己的手机号码。
姚浩看是陌生电话，本来不打算接，但他忽然想到什么，还是接了这个电话。
“我是王叶，我刚刚从西伯荒野出来，约个地方，我给你检查一下身体，然后再给你炼制觉醒药剂。”王叶开门见山道。
姚浩愣了足足有两秒，才赶紧说道：“好好好，我现在人在海沽市家里，你在哪里？我可以去你那边。”
“那就海沽市你家见。下午你有时间吗？”
“有。”没有他也要说有啊，“你也在海沽市？”
“那就下午三点整，我去你家。发个定位给我。”王叶没有回答他在哪里这个问题。
“好的。”姚浩也没在意，加了王叶的微信，把自家定位发了过去。
王叶当然不是在海沽市，他现在人还在墨河。
王叶联系完姚浩，又上游戏系统交易行，给何家求药者发私信，表明他需要看到病患的实际情况，才能对症下药，否则他不保证药效。
大约对面一直有人在守着交易行。
一看王叶来信，那边几乎是立刻就回信，让王叶定时间和地点，说他们可以送病人上门。
王叶都不知道对面收到他信息的众人有多惊讶。
他们以为神秘少年绝不会主动跟他们见面，能给他们寄送药剂就不错。
谁想到对方竟然打破常规，竟主动要求见到病患再开药，这让那边觉得对方有几分靠谱的同时，也十分惊讶神秘少年的大胆。
虽然他们没打算对神秘少年做什么，如果对方真的不是骗子的话。
但按照一般惯例，像这种民间“特殊人才”，尤其是涉及到异能之类的超人，他们一个个都恨不得躲着官方走，最好你过你的，我过我的，永不见面最好。
王叶见那边让他定地点和时间，索性就定在了海沽市一个公园内，时间就在晚上八点。
这个公园距离姚浩家不远，走路过去十分钟，是一个免费的城市公园。
那边又迅速回信，表示一定会按时到达指定地点。
王叶越发肯定对面是官方组织。
现在已经是下午14:55分，除非对方现在人就在海沽市或附近，否则就别想在晚上八点前赶到他说的指定地点，还要带上病人。
但对方是官方组织就不一样了，他们可以调动直升机，开特别通道，不管多远都能以最快速度赶到约定地点。更何况王叶推测他们的办公地点和病人可能就在京市附近。
王叶闭上眼睛，他的脑中出现一个立体的地球。
地球又变成由无数经线和纬线构成的立体球形，线又变成点，哪怕最细小的地点都会有一个独属于它的坐标。
这个坐标甚至加上了高度，确保哪怕想要去的地点在地底或者在半空，都不会弄错。
王叶找到姚浩给出的定位地址，身影一闪，从原地消失。
姚浩正在给发小葛杰打电话，让他速度过来他家。
“到底什么事？三点？我现在人还在公司上班，赶到你那儿至少要半个小时。”葛杰已经开始收拾东西，拿起车钥匙往公司大门走。
他的顶头上司他亲大哥正在开会，管不了他。
再说他只是一个实习生，不拿工资的那种，只要手上没事，随时能走。
“要命的事！你赶紧来。”姚浩催促。
“神神秘秘。行，就来。”
姚浩放下电话，吐气，他觉得自己很可能是疯了，竟然会相信一个连脸都记不起来的少年的鬼话。
“吓！”姚浩一转身，吓得身体猛地一颤，整个人都往后跳了一大步。
王叶微笑，挥手：“嗨，我没迟到吧？”
姚浩手按住胸口，心脏砰砰砰狂跳，嘴一张，字不成音，数秒后大脑和口舌才终于连上线。
“你你你怎么进来的？”姚浩看自己别墅的门窗。天热，家里开空调，所有门窗都关得好好的。
王叶摆摆手，表示这个问题不重要：“就这样进来的呗。我说你要继续跟我探讨我如何进来的问题，还是希望能快点得到觉醒药剂，觉醒异能成为超凡者？”
姚浩张大嘴巴，他确实非常想要成为超凡者，甚至为此脑残地支付了一百万，但眼看机会送到面前，他又犹豫了。
“我……不接受人体实验。我家虽然有点小钱，但也是我父母辛辛苦苦赚来的，他们赚的都是干净的辛苦钱，公司还经常做慈善捐钱捐物，我也从来没有为富不仁，更没有做过违法犯罪的事情，我除了平常花钱稍微有点大手大脚，但我真的是个好人。你和你背后的组织如果想要……啊！”
好人发出一声尖叫，躺在了沙发上。
姚浩吓得双手握住自己的衣领，那表情真的很让人误会。
王叶特别无语：“我看起来很像坏人吗？”
姚浩看着王叶，原本特别想点头，但看少年目露凶光，那头顿时点不下去了。
王叶冷哼：“别忘了，是你要跟我买觉醒药剂。而且没有我给你的那支封印药剂，你现在不是高烧不退烧成白痴，就是烧成植物人，直接死掉也有可能。”
“封印药剂？” "Sealing Elixir?"
“不封印的话，你什么都不懂，连个引导者都没有，你以为你是主角，随便发个烧就能觉醒异能吗？你看到现在为止，从古至今，全世界范围，有几个人能自然觉醒为异能者的？”
"If you don't seal it, you don't understand anything, you don't even have a guide, do you think you're the main character, and you can awaken the ability with a fever? Do you see that so far, from ancient times to the present, in the world, how many people have been able to naturally awaken into the supernatural? ”
姚浩迷茫：“你真的能帮我觉醒异能？不会让我上套，从此勒索我，或者让我加入你们的组织，为你们卖命……”
Yao Hao was confused: "Can you really help me awaken my ability?" You won't let me fall for it, blackmail me from now on, or let me join your organization and work for you......"
“不错，挺清醒的。”王叶握住姚浩的手腕。 "Yes, quite sober." Wang Ye held Yao Hao's wrist.
姚浩吓得又是一抖，他想反抗，想要等葛杰来了以后再喝药剂。
Yao Hao was so frightened that he trembled again, he wanted to resist, and wanted to wait for Ge Jie to come before drinking the potion.
就在他要做什么时，少年放开了他的手腕，并坐到了对面的沙发上。
Just as he was about to do something, the boy let go of his wrist and sat down on the couch opposite.
姚浩慢慢坐起身，抓过抱枕，默默地抱在胸前。
王叶手指一挥，一把剔骨刀从厨房里飞出来，一直飞到姚浩面前，悬空停住。
姚浩还以为王叶要做什么，丢脸地发出了一声闷叫，满眼惊恐，身体也直往沙发里缩。
王叶指着剔骨刀，一本正经地道：“握着，这样是不是更有安全感？”
姚浩不缩了，迅速抬手握住剔骨刀。很好，安全感果然上来一些。
呃，等等，刚才这把刀是自己飞出来的？还悬空停在他面前？
姚浩傻愣愣地看向少年，就见少年对他露出了恶魔一般的笑容。
姚浩讪讪地放下剔骨刀，起身，抱着抱枕鞠躬：“大师，您好，多有得罪，还请勿怪。”
王叶：“……”
姚浩看王叶神情古怪，欲言又止，忍不住问：“大师，可是有什么指教？”
王叶缓慢开口：“指教不敢。我就是在想，咱华夏域，第一个觉醒异能的人是个逗比富少，是不是不太好。”
姚浩：“……”
“要么你等等？晚上我还约了一伙人，应该是官方组织，要么让他们的人先觉醒，你再考虑？另外，如果你不想再觉醒，我可以把一百万退给你。”王叶一脸为姚浩着想的模样说道。
“……真能退？”
“我现在就退给你。”王叶真的打开了手机。
姚浩见少年毫不犹豫，这一瞬间，也许是他家祖宗在冥冥保佑他，也许是出于觉醒者的天赋直觉，他预感到如果他这时候让对方退钱，恐怕他一辈子就再也不可能觉醒异能了……
“不用退！”姚浩迅速抬手：“大师，请帮我觉醒吧！我愿意尝试！我也相信您对我没有恶意！”
王叶阴森森道：“不，我对你恶意满满，我希望你能转移官方视线，以后官方要研究，也是把你这个第一个异能者抓去活体解剖天天抽血。”
姚浩听到这话，人反而放松下来，大大吐了口气：“那没事，我愿意为国家奉献。而且我相信国家应该不会浪费我这个第一异能者，说不定以后不用我去考公务员就给我编制，那我就能端上国家饭碗啦。这样，我也能给我爸妈一个交代，省得他们成天唠叨我只会啃老。”
姚浩真的放松下来，还好奇地问王叶：“小大师，你也是异能者吗？刚才你那招是念力？”
“不，我是魔法师。”
“哈哈哈。”姚浩大笑起来：“小大师，你还没满三十岁，说自己是魔法师太早了。”
王叶懒得跟这个逗比继续胡侃下去，掏出一瓶药剂丢过去：“喝了。”
姚浩接住药剂，脸上笑意未收，把玩着瓶子道：“小大师，这就是觉醒药剂？我喝了真的能觉醒异能？不会有什么后遗症吧？”
“爱喝不喝。你付钱，我东西也给了。”王叶起身：“我还有事，走了。”
“等等！”姚浩急了，忙跳起来拦阻：“大师您别急着走，这个……这觉醒异能的事也不是小事对吧，您总得告诉我一些注意事项吧？另外，我是不是去医院觉醒比较好，这样一旦有什么事，还能来得及抢救。另外，您不是说要给我检查一下身体吗？我现在躺下，您能给我检查吗？这一小瓶药剂是不是不太够？”
王叶：“……已经给你检查过了，你身体好得很，那瓶封印药剂你喝得很及时。因为那瓶药剂有蕴养作用，现在不管是你的精神核还是你的身体，都处在了最佳状态。建议你在三天内喝了这瓶药剂，这样可以最大程度地开发你的潜力。”
“三天啊，那就好，我等……大师？！大师你去哪儿了？”姚浩睁大眼睛，满脸不可置信。
明明刚刚人就在他眼前，还在跟他说话，可就这么一眨眼的工夫，那位小大师就不见了。
当真是来时神秘莫测，走时也不留痕迹。
姚浩抬起手，看着手里握着的药剂瓶，整个人就像是得了焦躁症，不断地在屋里走来走去绕圈圈。
王叶并没有离开，他只是隐身了。
这毕竟是第一个买了他的觉醒药剂即将觉醒异能的人，他需要看一看对方的觉醒经过，以防有什么不测。
如果有什么不好的苗头，看在对方遵守承诺付出的救援费的份上，他可以追加服务。
叮咚，门铃声响起，随后就是开门声。
姚浩家的指纹锁记录了发小葛杰的指纹，葛杰可以直接进来。
姚浩蹿到门口，他太激动，有太多话想要和葛杰说。
葛杰看好友面色赤红，一副像是喝多了，又像是激动过头的样子，忙道：“深呼吸深呼吸，有什么事慢慢说。”
姚浩分了几次，终于把事情跟好友说清楚。
葛杰无语地看着这个从小一起长大的好兄弟：“你相信？”
“我想试试。”姚浩在跟葛杰说完经过后，人也冷静下来，头脑终于开始正常转动。
葛杰不可置信：“你还想试试？你花了一百万买了一瓶不知道是什么鬼东西的药剂也就算了？如果那就是一瓶清水，那还好，就当你花大钱买个乐子。但如果那东西是毒药，或者是其他什么不干净的东西，你是想死还是想家破人亡？”
“喂！”
“别喂我！你有点脑子好不好？觉醒异能？你觉得可能吗？”葛杰都想给姚叔和李姨打电话了，他们这个儿子明显被人忽悠瘸了。
“有可能。”姚浩把少年来去如鬼魅，还能用念动力转移剔骨刀的事都跟葛杰说了。
葛杰：“幻觉！或者就是什么魔术手段。”
姚浩闻言，若有所思道：“他确实说自己是魔法师。”
“你看，他都跟你说他是骗子了！”
“不对，不是骗子。葛杰，我们都和那个少年接触过，但你现在还能想起他的模样，想起具体经过吗？”姚浩正经地问。
葛杰张口，迟疑一秒道：“也许是我们当时太慌乱，人受到极度惊吓后，会忘记当时的场景和人事物很正常。”
“可我们遇到了鬼打墙，要不是那少年把我们带出来，我们可能就再也走不出来。那少年还能看到钱丽和薛辉的鬼魂，好吧，这可以伪装。可那些突然失踪又突然出现的人怎么说？还有那些被救回的搜救队员和鲁一丰他们，这些要怎么伪装表演？熊国刑警可都来了。”
姚浩一一举证，他在说服好友，也在说服自己。
“你听到鲁一丰的助手在喊什么吗？他们说鲁一丰变成了吃人的怪物，是那个少年解决了鲁一丰，也是那个少年把他们从走不出来的绝地带出来。而我们所有人都想不起来那少年长什么模样以及叫什名字。”
葛杰还想说什么，又不知道该说什么好。
姚浩把自己说服了，他拔掉药剂瓶塞，深吸气：“如果我有什么不对，记得把我送医院。”
葛杰头大：“你别真的喝啊！好歹化验一下。要么到医院再喝？”
姚浩想到他之前喝下的两瓶药剂，如果那少年真的想要害他、掌控他，他早就完蛋了。
如果只是为了钱，那么他一百万都已经付出去，对方完全可以不用理会他。
但对方来了，只为了检查他的身体。
如果第三瓶药才是关键，前面都是为了让他入套，可……那少年展现出的种种神奇，真的就是为了骗他这么一个不算多富有的富二代吗？
“如果我真的觉醒异能，去医院就不合适了。”姚浩说完，举起瓶子贴近嘴唇，一仰头。
“姚浩！”
姚浩把药剂喝了下去。
一秒，两秒……什么反应都没有。
姚浩对好友眨眨眼。
葛杰松了口气：“看来你上当了，这应该就是一小瓶清水，恭喜你买了一瓶有史以来最贵的矿泉水。哦，说不定都不是矿泉水，就是自来水。”
姚浩低笑，坐到沙发上：“也许还要再等一会儿。”
葛杰抹抹额头上急出来的汗水，也在一边坐下：“我需要好好喘口气，你他么吓死我了。”
姚浩还笑：“你说我如果觉醒异能，会觉醒什么异能？”
“我怎么知道？”葛杰压根不相信好友能觉醒异能：“你自己想觉醒什么异能？”
姚浩沉思：“我想过很多，最想觉醒的是空间之力，这个超级酷。其次我想获得雷电之力，这个威力也很强大。要么就是金木水火土之类的五行自然之力，治疗也可以。”
葛杰忽然怪笑：“你就不担心你觉醒一些特别奇葩的能力？比如放个屁就能杀人，或者口水堪比王水，抬起胳膊就能薰倒一群，脱掉鞋子就群灭，撒泡尿就能水漫金山……”
“你找揍呢！”姚浩气。
葛杰哈哈大笑。
姚浩舔舔嘴唇，指挥好友：“去帮我拿瓶水，我有点渴。”
葛杰翻白眼：“你不能自己去拿？”
姚浩说了实话：“我腿有点软，其实我喝过后就有点后悔不该那么冲动。”
“你活该！等会儿跟我到医院做个详细检查。”嘴上虽然骂着好友，葛杰还是起身去厨房开冰箱拿了两瓶矿泉水。
等他回到客厅，就看他的好友的脑袋没了。
啪嗒！葛杰拿着的矿泉水掉到地上，整个人都吓懵了，连尖叫都发不出来。
姚浩奇怪地抬头看向好友：“你怎么了？怎么一副见到贞子的表情？”
“啊啊啊！”葛杰发出了一连串的狂叫。
他的好友脑袋没了，可他的衣服和裤子还能坐在沙发上，并且能跟他说话！
第351章 接触
两分钟后两人总算能正常交流了。
姚浩冲到浴室去看镜子，看完回来又拿起手机对自己自拍，还让葛杰帮他拍。
拍完两人一起看，就见姚浩只有身体没有脑袋。
姚浩捧着脑袋悲痛：“觉醒了隐身这个猥琐能力也就算了，为什么只隐脑袋？”
葛杰这会儿也不害怕了，他甚至兴致勃勃，隐身能力啊，超能啊，他竟然亲眼看到了！对方还是他好兄弟！
“这一百万花得值，以后你就可以创造新的城市传说，无头人的呐喊，白天你走在路上、坐在地铁中，保证一堆人围着你拍照。”
“你嘴巴还能咧得更大一些吗？”姚浩拿起手机，点击之前的通话对象。
"Can you grin a little bigger?" Yao Hao picked up the phone and clicked on the previous caller.
手机铃声响起。
两人同时惊骇回头。
“嗨。”王叶坐在单人沙发上，拿着手机对两人摆了摆手。
葛杰目瞪口呆。
姚浩按掉刚刚播出的电话，一个滑行，单膝跪在王叶面前，仰头特别诚挚地道：“大师，您看我这异能还能换吗？”
“你躺床上睡一觉。”
“睡一觉醒来就能换个异能？”姚浩眼睛亮了。
“大师是让你做梦更快点。”葛杰吞咽口水，也来到王叶面前，蹲下，仰着头，一脸崇敬地道：“大师，自从西伯荒野初见您的英姿，我对您的敬仰就如滔滔江水，您把我们救出后，我更是对您日思夜想，恨不得日夜侍奉在您身前。”
“大师，小的自认还有那么两三分的慧根，求收下我吧！”
"Master, the little one thinks he still has two or three points of Huigen, please accept me!"
王叶：果然逗比的朋友也是逗比。 Wang Ye: Sure enough, Tease's friends are also teased.
“你也想觉醒异能？” "You want to awaken the ability too?"
葛杰用最诚恳的表情说：“我若是说不想，那就是欺骗大师您。大师，觉醒药剂一百万一瓶是吧，我现在就给您打过去。”
Ge Jie said with the most sincere expression: "If I say I don't want to, then I am deceiving you, Master." Master, a million bottles of Awakening Elixir are right, I'll call you now. ”
“你一百万不够。”王叶摇头。 "A million is not enough for you." Wang Ye shook his head.
“哈？”葛杰笑容僵硬在脸上，刚刚拿出手机的姿势也凝固住。
"Huh?" Ge Jie's smile stiffened on his face, and the posture he had just taken out his phone froze.
“那大师您看要多少才能赐我一瓶觉醒药剂？”葛杰一咬牙，问道。
"Then master, how much do you think it will take to give me a bottle of awakening potion?" Ge Jie gritted his teeth and asked.
王叶继续摇头：“你这个不是觉醒药剂的问题。而是天赋和资质的问题。就像种子，有的种子特别饱满健康，有一点养分就能很快发芽并成长。但有的种子天生瘪小，哪怕给予再多的养分也很难发芽，就算勉强发芽了也很可能会中途病变和死亡。”
Wang Ye continued to shake his head: "This is not a problem with your awakening elixir. It's a matter of talent and aptitude. Just like seeds, some seeds are particularly full and healthy, and with a little nutrients, they can germinate and grow quickly. However, some seeds are naturally small, and even if they are given more nutrients, it is difficult to germinate, and even if they barely germinate, they are likely to suffer from disease and death halfway. ”
“噗！”姚浩很没有兄弟爱地喷笑出来，还得意地昂起头，隐形能力猥琐怎么了，只能隐一个头又怎么了？
"Poof!" Yao Hao burst out laughing without brotherly love, and raised his head proudly, what's wrong with the stealth ability, what's wrong with only hiding one head?
好歹他觉醒了！ He's awakened!
葛杰给了他一个杀必死目光，是男人就不想承认自己的种子又瘪又小发不了芽，不管是什么种子。
Ge Jie gave him a killing look, and a man didn't want to admit that his seed was deflated and small and couldn't sprout, no matter what the seed was.
“大师，真的没有办法了吗？钱好说。我家里虽然不算特别富有，但几百万还是能拿出来的。”葛杰还是收了一点，他怕这位神秘少年狮子大开口。
"Master, is there really no way? Money is easy to say. Although my family is not particularly wealthy, I can still take out a few millions. Ge Jie still took a little, he was afraid that the mysterious young lion would open his mouth.
而且好友的隐身能力明显也像是有问题，哪有人只隐掉一个脑袋，其他部位都还存在？
And the friend's stealth ability obviously seems to be problematic, how can anyone only hide one head, and the other parts still exist?
葛杰甚至都已经想到等会儿王叶要跟好友说：“要再来一瓶2.0版的觉醒药剂吗？这次可以保证全身都能隐身，不过价格也会稍微贵一点哦亲。”
Ge Jie had even thought that Wang Ye would say to his friend later: "Do you want another bottle of version 2.0 of the Awakening Elixir?" This time, you can guarantee that the whole body can be invisible, but the price will be a little more expensive. ”
王叶无视两个逗比的小心思，示意姚浩伸手。 Wang Ye ignored the careful thinking of the two teasing comparisons and motioned for Yao Hao to stretch out his hand.
姚浩立刻伸出手腕。 Yao Hao immediately stretched out his wrist.
王叶握住姚浩手腕，不到片刻就放下。 Wang Ye grabbed Yao Hao's wrist and put it down in less than a moment.
姚浩满脸期盼地看少年。 Yao Hao looked at the young man expectantly.
“能坐回去好好说话吗？” "Can you sit back and talk?"
两个逗比立刻跳起，坐回对面的长沙发上。 The two teases immediately jumped up and sat back on the couch opposite.
王叶翘起二郎腿，那模样和闻笛特别像。 Wang Ye raised Erlang's legs, which looked very similar to Wendi.
葛杰突然起身，跟在自己家一样，从厨房冰箱里拿出一堆饮料，又翻出一堆零食和水果，全都堆放在茶几上，还殷勤地把茶几拖到王叶面前。
Ge Jie got up suddenly, just like at his own home, took out a bunch of drinks from the kitchen refrigerator, turned out a bunch of snacks and fruits, all piled them on the coffee table, and diligently dragged the coffee table to Wang Ye.
姚浩：草！好狡猾。 Yao Hao: Grass! So cunning.
姚浩不甘示弱，立刻打电话叫外卖，还问王叶想吃什么。
Not to be outdone, Yao Hao immediately called for takeout, and asked Wang Ye what he wanted to eat.
王叶还没开口，金宝已经在虫巢里点单了。 Before Wang Ye could speak, Jinbao had already ordered in the hive.
王叶就把家里老小点的单告诉姚浩。 Wang Ye told Yao Hao the order of the old and young in the family.
姚浩非常愉快地下单，数量多算什么，他现在就怕小少年不肯赏光。
Yao Hao placed an order very happily, what is the large number, he is afraid that the little boy will not appreciate it now.
“你觉醒的异能是光系。”王叶剥了一个山竹，慢条斯理道。
"Your awakened ability is light." Wang Ye peeled a mangosteen and said slowly.
姚浩一呆：“光系？不是隐身吗？” Yao Hao was stunned: "Light system? Isn't it stealth? ”
“隐身本身就是光系术法之一。你之所以没有全部隐身，只隐了头部，就是因为你现在头部的能量最旺盛。”王叶点了点自己松果体的位置。
"Stealth itself is one of the magic spells of light. The reason why you didn't hide all of them, only your head, is because your head is now the most energetic. Wang Ye nodded at the position of his pineal gland.
“你这里被重新点亮了。松果体是个很特殊的存在，它无形无质，在人类逐渐长大后却会钙化。这就像是一颗放置了很长时间的种子，因为缺乏能量滋养，慢慢的就废掉了。所以在极度危险这个游戏中，松果体也被称为魔核，是学习魔法的关键。”
"You've been re-lit here. The pineal gland is a very special existence, it is formless and substantial, but it will calcify as humans grow up. It's like a seed that has been sitting for a long time and slowly disappears because it lacks energy nourishment. So in the game Extreme Danger, the pineal gland is also known as the magic core, which is the key to learning magic. ”
姚浩和葛杰感觉自己听懂了，又有点迷糊。 Yao Hao and Ge Jie felt that they understood, and they were a little confused.
葛杰忍不住问：“那姚浩觉醒的到底是异能，还是魔法？”
“都是。”王叶看向两人，“你们都在玩《极度危险》对吗？”
两人点头。
王叶：“在这个游戏中，超凡者分两种，一种是魔法师，一种是异术师。”
“魔法师很好理解，只要你有学习魔法的天赋，也就是精神力比较强大，并且能吸收魔力，凝成魔核，你就能学习魔法。”
“而异术师则不限于魔法，包含各种能量应用，比如巫师、傀儡师、元素师、萨满、德鲁伊、魔种和天生异能者等等。”
“没错，异能者也被划分到异术师一类。异术师身上也有能量凝结而成的魔核，这是他们力量的根源，但不一定就在松果体部位，也不一定只有一个。而能量是可以互通并互转的。”
"That's right, the Adepts are also classified as Wizards. The magicians also have a core of energy condensed in their bodies, which is the source of their power, but it doesn't have to be in the pineal gland, and it doesn't have to be just one. And energy can be interconnected and transferred. ”
“为此，异术师也可以学习魔法，比如姚浩你觉醒的是光系异能，如果你学习魔法，会在光系魔法上尤其擅长，所以魔法师和异术师的界限很模糊。”
"For this reason, magicians can also learn magic, for example, Yao Hao, you awaken the light ability, if you learn magic, you will be especially good at light magic, so the boundary between magicians and magicians is very blurred."
姚浩激动了，整个人都发出了blingbling的光彩。
Yao Hao was excited, and the whole person emitted a blingbling brilliance.
葛杰妒忌了，他一脚踩在好友脚上，用穿着拖鞋的脚，碾。
Ge Jie was jealous, and he stepped on his friend's foot and crushed it with his slipper-wearing foot.
姚浩一脚踢开发小，哈哈大笑，得意非凡：“我就知道！我就知道我天生不凡，我妈说当初我刚出生时，医生和护士都说我哭声激昂，将来必定成就非凡！哈哈哈~”
Yao Hao kicked the development of the small, laughed, and was very proud: "I know!" I knew I was born to be extraordinary, and my mom said that when I was born, the doctors and nurses said that I cried so loudly that I would definitely achieve something extraordinary in the future! Hahaha~"
葛杰抓起抱枕拍在姚浩脸上，堆起满脸笑容，对王叶道：“大师，您看我有没有学习魔法的可能？”
Ge Jie grabbed the pillow and slapped it on Yao Hao's face, piled up a smile on his face, and said to Wang Ye: "Master, do you think I have the possibility of learning magic?" ”
王叶看向葛杰。 Wang Ye looked at Ge Jie.
这时的葛杰在他眼里就像是一团散发出各种颜色的能量团，深深浅浅，构成人形。
At this time, Ge Jie was like a mass of energy emitting various colors in his eyes, deep and shallow, forming a human form.
葛杰的眉心位置也有一个小小的亮点，但光芒不是很亮，不过又比常人略微亮那么两三分。
There is also a small bright spot in the center of Ge Jie's eyebrows, but the light is not very bright, but it is slightly brighter than ordinary people by two or three points.
王叶猜测这应该是葛杰经常玩极度危险这个游戏，五六年下来精神力有所提高的成果，当然也有在西伯荒野那边多吸收了一些能量的结果。
Wang Ye guessed that this should be the result of Ge Jie's mental strength improving in the past five or six years by playing the game of extreme danger, and of course, there was also the result of absorbing some more energy in the Xibo Wilderness.
“你可以学习魔法。” "You can learn magic."
“啊！”葛杰兴奋地差点跳起来。 "Ahh Ge Jie almost jumped up in excitement.
姚浩也由衷为好友高兴。 Yao Hao is also sincerely happy for his friend.
“但是，” "But,"
葛杰垮脸了：“大师，求不要转折。” Ge Jie's face collapsed: "Master, please don't turn around." ”
王叶没理会，继续说完要说的话：“但你的精神力还差一些，需要再累积一段时间，好好玩极度危险这个游戏吧，有机会就在游戏中学习一些魔法或异术，再不行，跟武师学习武技也行。对你的精神力提升都有好处。”
Wang Ye ignored it and continued to finish what he wanted to say: "But your mental power is still a little worse, you need to accumulate it for a while, let's play the game of extreme danger, and if you have the opportunity, you can learn some magic or magic in the game, and if you can't do it, you can learn martial arts from a martial artist." It's good for your mental strength. ”
“玩游戏？”葛杰和姚浩面色古怪。 "Playing games?" Ge Jie and Yao Hao had strange faces.
王叶很正经地点头：“对，就是玩游戏。你们有学会技能吗？如果有学会，那就好好学。”
Wang Ye nodded very seriously: "Yes, it's just playing games." Have you learned the skills? If you have learned, then study hard. ”
葛杰和姚浩互看，满脸都是不可思议。 Ge Jie and Yao Hao looked at each other, their faces full of incredulity.
如果在十分钟前，有人跟他们说玩游戏可以让他们提高精神力，还能觉醒异能、掌握魔法之类，他们一定会和对方一起哈哈笑，然后一起愉快地上游戏。
If someone told them ten minutes ago that playing a game would help them improve their mental power, awaken abilities, master magic, etc., they would laugh with each other and have fun playing together.
再有？ Again?
再有就什么都没有了。 If there is anything else, there will be nothing.
可现在拿出觉醒药剂还神出鬼没的小大师跟他们说，要玩游戏哦，玩这个游戏可以让你走上人生巅峰，泡个白富美都不算啥，你自己就能成为万人追逐的强帅壕！
But now take out the awakening potion and the elusive little master told them, to play a game, playing this game can make you go to the pinnacle of life, it is nothing to soak in white and rich beauty, you can become a strong handsome trench chased by thousands of people!
姚浩突然一拍自己脑袋，一脸恍然大悟地说：“我知道我为什么能觉醒光系异能了，因为我在游戏中就是圣战士啊！我花钱组人带我刷了个秘境，在那里我得到了一名圣战士的传承，当他把传承传给我后，他就爆成了一团光消失了。”
Yao Hao suddenly patted his head and said with a sudden realization: "I know why I can awaken the light ability, because I am a holy warrior in the game!" I paid someone to take me to a secret realm, where I got the inheritance of a holy warrior, and when he passed it on to me, he exploded into a cloud of light and disappeared. ”
葛杰瞪大眼睛，满脸懊悔：“那我怎么办？我在游戏中找的师父是地底人族，跟他们学的是种蘑菇啊。难道将来我要变成蘑菇人吗？”
Ge Jie's eyes widened, and his face was full of remorse: "Then what should I do?" The master I found in the game is an underground terran, and I learned how to grow mushrooms from them. Am I going to be a mushroom man in the future? ”
“你拜了地底人为师，跟他们学习了蘑菇种植术？”王叶突然问。
"You learned mushroom cultivation from the underground people?" Wang Ye asked suddenly.
葛杰哭丧着脸点头：“我没办法啊，我一直找不到什么好的技能学习，后来无意中帮了一个地底人，他好热情地带我去他们家玩，还给我发布了一堆任务，这些任务都很有赚头，我为了升级就在那边扎下根了。”
Ge Jie nodded with a sad face: "I can't help it, I haven't been able to find any good skills to learn, and then I inadvertently helped an underground person, he took me to their house to play so enthusiastically, and also released me a bunch of tasks, these tasks are very profitable, I took root over there in order to upgrade." ”
王叶目光复杂：“恭喜，你运气真好。” Wang Ye's eyes were complicated: "Congratulations, you are so lucky." ”
葛杰噎住：“您……这是反话吗？” Ge Jie choked: "You...... Is this the opposite? ”
王叶没说话。 Wang Ye didn't speak.
姚浩瞅瞅王叶的神情，跳起来喊道：“卧槽！不是反话。兄弟，你要发了！”
Yao Hao looked at Wang Ye's expression, jumped up and shouted, "! Not the other way around. Brother, you're going to send it! ”
葛杰呆滞。等等，那些弱小的地底人实际很强大吗？他学习的蘑菇种植术其实种的不是蘑菇，是蘑菇云吗？
Ge Jie was sluggish. Wait, are those weak underworldrs actually strong? The mushroom cultivation technique he learned was not actually a mushroom, but a mushroom cloud?
葛杰一个飞扑，单膝跪到王叶面前，双手捧心：“大师，求指点！”
Ge Jie pounced, knelt down on one knee in front of Wang Ye, and held his heart in both hands: "Master, ask for advice!" ”
王叶手一挥，把人又扔回沙发上。 Wang Ye waved his hand and threw the person back on the sofa.
“哦哦哦！”葛杰和姚浩这下再也不怀疑王叶的能力了。眼见为虚，亲身感受才是真的实在。
"Oh oh oh!" Ge Jie and Yao Hao no longer doubted Wang Ye's ability now. Seeing is nothing, and feeling it is real.
葛杰好歹也有一百多斤，竟然被一个小少年轻轻一挥手，就毫无抵抗力地被扔回到沙发上，还没有半点受伤。
Ge Jie had more than 100 pounds anyway, but he was thrown back to the sofa without resistance by a young man with a slight wave of his hand, and he was not injured at all.
奇迹！ Marvel!
神人！ God!
他们两家祖坟冒青烟了！ The ancestral graves of the two of them are smoking!
“自己的技能自己琢磨，你有师父，好好尊重你的师父，好好跟他学。如果你没有在一开始就蒙上自己的眼睛，你早就发现你师父教你的技能有多么强大。”王叶冲着那二十万的救援费，到底还是给了葛杰一些指点。
"You have your own skills, you have a master, respect your master well, and learn from him well. If you hadn't blindfolded yourself at the beginning, you would have discovered how powerful the skills your master taught you were. Wang Ye rushed to the 200,000 rescue money, and still gave Ge Jie some pointers.
葛杰欢喜无比，又小心翼翼：“那我跟地底人师父好好学习蘑菇种植术，能提高我觉醒异能的可能吗？”
Ge Jie was overjoyed and cautious: "Then if I learn mushroom cultivation techniques with the underground master, can I improve the possibility of my awakening ability?" ”
王叶：“精神力提高、能量充足，当你的种子成熟，自然就会发芽成长。”
Wang Ye: "When your spiritual power is improved and your energy is sufficient, when your seeds are ripe, they will naturally sprout and grow." ”
“那我要等多久？” "And how long do I have to wait?"
“你原本没有可能。好好学习你的蘑菇种植术吧。”王叶没直接回答。在他看来葛杰这小子也算是傻人有傻福。
"You didn't have the possibility. Learn your mushroom cultivation skills. Wang Ye didn't answer directly. In his opinion, Ge Jie, this kid can be regarded as a fool and has a foolish fortune.
葛杰傻眼，小大师这话什么意思？ Ge Jie was dumbfounded, what did the little master mean by this?
姚浩福至心灵，小声问：“大师，您是不是说，原本不可能觉醒和不可能学习魔法的人，如果学习地底人的蘑菇种植术，就能提高觉醒和学习魔法的可能？”
王叶没回答，但也没否认。
如果不是姚浩已经觉醒异能，并已经学了圣战士的技能，他都想去找地底人拜师学种蘑菇了。
葛杰表情狰狞，在心中狠狠发誓：师父，您等着！我这就回去抱您大腿，只求您让我多多种植蘑菇！
姚浩也在请教：“大师，如果我想提升自己的能力，是不是只要好好学习我的圣战士技能？另外修炼方法，是不是就是我得到的圣战士传承的修炼方法？”
“没错。”王叶给了姚浩一个孺子可教的眼神。
姚浩狂喜。他的圣战士技能多牛逼啊，如果这些技能能在现实中使用出来，我的妈呀，简直想想就高潮！
“等等！这么说这个游戏？”
王叶微微一笑，一切尽在不言中。
姚浩和葛杰都露出了懂了的眼神。
葛杰还是想跟王叶购买觉醒药剂，以防他哪天突然有觉醒的感觉了呢？
“你的种子还没有完全成熟，想发芽不是不可能，但是……。我可以给你觉醒药剂，你大约只有两成可能觉醒，但觉醒后你的能力会非常弱，相当于自毁前程。可如果你能好好跟着你的地底人师父学习种植蘑菇，你的种子总有一天会自然成熟，到时哪怕不需要觉醒药剂，只要能量充足，你也能自然觉醒。你选哪一个？”
葛杰只纠结了一秒，就决定还是老老实实去学习种植蘑菇。
“大师，这个跟地底人学习种植蘑菇可以提高觉醒率的事，还有您的觉醒药剂，我能告诉其他人吗？”姚浩小心翼翼地问。
王叶无所谓道：“可以啊。不过以后我不会再每次都上门帮人检查，因为你们和我有了一点交情，最重要的是你们遵守了承诺，我才跑一趟，其他人就算了，想买觉醒药剂的人，可以到你这里拿货，我卖给你一百万一瓶。至于你卖多少我不管。”
“但我不保证百分百觉醒异能，觉醒药剂因人而异，有人种子已经成熟，只要药剂催发，就能自然觉醒，有人就和葛杰一样，甚至不如葛杰，那么觉醒异能的可能性自然极低。”
“就概率而言，玩游戏超过三年的人，大概有千分之一的觉醒可能。玩游戏在三年以下的人，万分之一可能。没玩过游戏的人，百万之一的可能吧。”
姚浩葛杰顿时觉得庆幸。
两人到了有网络的地方，姚浩就建议把救援费付给神秘少年。
但最后只有葛杰响应他，其他人口中都说知道知道，却应付了事，就连之前说好要一人付二十万救援费的另外几个富二代都没再提这件事。
明明大家都记得被救过程，只是忘了少年和他家人的脸和名字而已。
姚浩也没强求，他就把葛杰打给他的二十万，连同自己的一起打给了王叶当初给的账号。
那几个家伙知道一定会后悔，呵！葛杰用眼神跟发小说。
姚浩也呵呵，要不是他现在不适合炫耀，他保证去炫耀那些人一脸！
做人果然还是要讲诚信。
王叶想到自己药剂的特性，又追加一句：“我唯一可以保证的是，就算服用我的药剂没有觉醒，也不会摧毁对方正在成长中的异能之种。我炼制的觉醒药剂的原理就是刺激和疏导，以及给予充足的养分。”
姚浩和葛杰激动，抢着问：“这么说，就算服用了您的觉醒药剂，这次没有觉醒，也有可能在未来再觉醒？”
“如果对方确实有这个天赋和资质的话。”
“太好了！”
谁还没有几个亲朋好友？姚浩和葛杰都想给自己的亲人还有好友购买觉醒药剂，反正这东西留着也没有坏处。
但王叶说现在没货，等以后再说。
姚浩和葛杰现在就是王叶说什么就是什么，不带半点怀疑。
他们还有满肚子问题想要请教，但王叶收了外卖后，人就又消失了。
这次姚浩也不敢打电话了，小大师显然烦他们了。
确定王叶已经离开。
葛杰瘫在沙发上长长吐气：“我的妈呀……”
“人生观都颠覆了。”姚浩也在他身边瘫下。
葛杰扭头：“你脑袋怎么办？这样看着好诡异，我感觉我晚上一定会做噩梦。”
姚浩一点都不担心：“等我上游戏，好好修炼一番，肯定就能控制了。大不了这几天我不出门。”
“行吧，你是觉醒了……好没有真实感啊，连你都能觉醒异能，总感觉地球要完。”
“滚！你才要完。就不能想些好的？”
“可是……你不觉得诡异吗？那个游戏……”
姚浩不说话了，兄弟俩瘫成一模一样。
“去玩游戏！不能这么丧，得好好修炼，以应付将来有可能发生的一切。”
“对！不能浪费光阴，从今天开始我要延长玩游戏的时间！我就不信我不能觉醒，师父啊，我来和你种蘑菇了~”
两人同时爬起，飞速往游戏室走去，现在什么人都无法阻止他们玩游戏！
当晚八点，棕榈公园。
这个公园只有几棵棕榈树，还都一副营养不良的模样。
但这个免费公园有个最大好处，就是地方大，而且地面平整，大多地方都贴了地砖。
很多附近的居民特别喜欢来这里锻炼身体。
但今晚八点，本来应该依旧热热闹闹的公园却变得一片安静。
公园门口竖立了一个大牌子，上面写着公园地面多处塌陷正在紧急抢修的字样，东西两个出入口都有几个看门大爷在守着。
可能为了怕人非要进来，公园所有易于攀爬的地方都被扯上了钢丝网，还有人牵着几只大狼狗围着公园巡逻。
Probably because people had to come in, all the easy places in the park were torn with steel wire, and there were people patrolling the park with a few large wolf dogs.
公园内部有灯光，有大车子开进去，像是大型工程车。 There are lights inside the park, and there are big cars driving in, like large construction trucks.
一辆箱式卡车内，一个小队六个人正在说话。 Inside a box truck, a team of six people is talking.
“快八点了，还有两分钟，你们说那个少年真的会来吗？”
"It's almost eight o'clock, and there are two minutes left, do you think that boy will really come?"
“他应该没那么大的胆子耍我们吧？” "He shouldn't have the guts to fool us, right?"
“他又不知道我们是谁。” "He doesn't know who we are."
“应该不是骗子，他能救治那四个孩子，就表明他确实有那个实力。而且所有监控设备都无法拍下他们的身影，只这一点，就不是普通人能做到的。”
"It shouldn't be a liar, he can save those four children, which shows that he does have that strength. And all the monitoring equipment can't take pictures of them, and this alone is not something ordinary people can do. ”
“也是。就是不知道对方是什么人，好不好说话？其实我觉得我们不应该搞这么大阵仗，就该先只派几个人来，最好有女孩子和老人，这样对方也不会太警惕和紧张。”
"Yes. I just don't know who the other party is, so can I talk? Actually, I don't think we should have such a big battle, we should only send a few people first, preferably girls and old people, so that the other party will not be too vigilant and nervous. ”
“可上面说了都是年轻人才更好说话，还说那少年年纪不大，说不定正处在中二期，如果年纪大的出面，只怕出现反效果。”
"But the above said that young people are better to speak, and it was also said that the young man is not very old, maybe he is in the second stage of middle school, if the older one comes forward, I am afraid that there will be the opposite effect."
“唉，不管如何，希望那少年真的能救治老周他们。”说话的人，扭头向车厢另一头看。
"Alas, no matter what, I hope that young man can really save Lao Zhou and them." The person who spoke turned his head to look at the other end of the carriage.
那边是个封闭医疗舱，躺着四个人。 Over there was a closed medical pod, with four people lying down.
王叶现在就站在这个医疗舱中，正弯腰查看其中一人的情况。
Wang Ye was now standing in this medical cabin, bending down to check on the condition of one of them.
第352章 没证，小学毕业 Chapter 352 No Certificate, Graduated from Primary School
王叶把四个人的情况全部查看清楚，微微皱眉。 Wang Ye checked all the situations of the four people and frowned slightly.
这四个人的情况可是比那四个小孩糟糕多了。 These four people are in a much worse situation than the four children.
“用了一些乱七八糟的药剂，还被输入了一些古怪的能量，试图强行突破，简直乱来。”虫老也跟着摇头。
"I used some messy potions, and I was also injected with some weird energy, trying to force a breakthrough, it's just a mess." The worm elder also shook his head.
王叶冷静道：“他们是试验品，也许是第一批试验者，从他们强行突破的时间来看，应该在半年多前。”
Wang Ye said calmly: "They are test subjects, maybe the first batch of testers, judging from the time when they forcibly broke through, it should have been more than half a year ago." ”
王叶忽然对着监控器扬了扬手。
隔壁的监控画面中顿时冒出王叶的身影。
虫老依然处在隐身状态。
一名年轻人眼尖瞧见，迅速提醒其他人。
唰！封闭门打开。
一名脸圆圆的年轻战士小心翼翼地走入医疗舱。
“小兄弟，你好。”圆脸战士一团和气，还有些腼腆地打招呼。
王叶真心觉得官方真的太会选人了，这位只看外表，那是真充满亲和力，让人生不出丝毫提放心。
圆脸战士看起来似乎最多二十，但对方骨龄却有三十多。
娃娃脸不易老，绝非江湖传言。
“你好，问你个问题，希望如实回答，不要推脱说你的层次不知道之类，那很没意思，也只会浪费彼此的时间。”
娃娃脸战士正想着要如何回复这名小少年。
就听小少年特别耿直地问道：“当初推荐游戏的存在没有事先做一些说明吗？比如好好玩游戏，好好学习里面的功法，先提升精神力，慢慢等待能量复苏，顺其自然，不要强行突破之类的话？”
王叶看他们表情，推测：“看来你们确实还没有接触到最高机密，不过你们也都知道玩游戏要循序渐进并能提升精神力的事。也就是说，推行游戏的人该叮嘱的都叮嘱了。那么能不能问问你们上面的人，为什么突然这么急？为什么要让人强行突破？是有什么特别事情发生了吗？那几个战士体内的能量是哪里来的？他们吃了什么？”
娃娃脸战士笑不出来了，他怎么也没想到这个看起来顶多十五岁的小少年会问出这样几乎直戳最大秘密的问题。
“看来你知道很多。”娃娃脸战士瞬间就启用了三号应对方案，笑容自然：“里面是无菌室，我们都没穿无菌服，也没有消毒，你看我们要不要出去再说？”
王叶：“虽然我身上的细菌比你们穿上无菌服还少，但是……行吧，我们出去说。免得你以为我要拿这几个病患做人质什么的。”
娃娃脸战士在心中初步分析出少年的性格。 The baby-faced warrior preliminarily analyzed the boy's character in his mind.
同一时间，某指挥中心也在根据同步传话的音像资料，一堆专家在对王叶做性格分析，并根据他的容貌进行全国乃至世界范围的搜索。
At the same time, a certain command center was also conducting a nationwide and even world-wide search based on the audio and video materials of the synchronous transmission, and a bunch of experts were analyzing Wang Ye's personality and conducting a nationwide and even worldwide search based on his appearance.
“桀骜，骄傲，典型的中二少年，小心应对，这种少年最讨厌别人把他们当孩子哄骗，更不要对他说谎，除非你说谎能让他看不出来。”专家通过耳麦提醒。
"Rebellious, proud, a typical secondary two teenager, deal with it carefully, this kind of teenager hates others to coax them as children, let alone lie to him, unless you lie so that he can't see it." Experts alert via headset.
“目前没有恶意，注意不要透露出敌意和攻击之意，不要对他形成包围之势，找一个更加轻松的谈话环境。”专家进一步指示。
"There is no malice at the moment, be careful not to reveal hostility and aggression, do not form an encirclement of him, and find a more relaxed environment for conversation." The expert further instructed.
娃娃脸战士当即对等在隔壁的几名战友做了一个手势。 The baby-faced warrior immediately made a gesture to several of his comrades next door.
几名年轻战士身体放松，看到王叶走出来，有的对他很憨厚地笑笑，有的则对他点头示意，还有的直接打开车后门，跳下车，然后对少年招手，示意他也下来。
所有人都没有拿出武器，虽然穿着军装，但看着就像是一群刚出社会的大学生，只不过各有各的气质特色。
但王叶可不会小瞧这些人，这些人表面伪装得好，但那满身煞气和血腥气可瞒不过他和虫老的鼻子。
这些人不但不是什么萌新，他们很可能是数一数二的战斗队伍，伪装和改换自己气质的能力都是顶级。
王叶大大方方地从车厢内跳出，就见外面竟然已经亮起了一圈宛如圣诞节的彩灯。
彩灯中心放着一张大塑料圆桌，桌子边放着好几张折叠椅。
桌子边上还有一箱肥宅快乐水。
有人向这边快步走来，在桌上放了几大盒的快餐外卖，又迅速离开。
“不好意思，我们怕错过你，早早就来等你了，都还没吃饭，不介意我们边吃边说吧？”娃娃脸战士率先拉开一张椅子。
“来吧，一起坐吧，我们不吃人。”一名高高大大的青年对王叶招手，痞痞地笑道。
娃娃脸战士介绍：“这是我们队长，你可以叫他老祝。我叫苹果，那是大头、键盘、小郑，还有狗蛋。”
被叫狗蛋的青年战士翻了个白眼，和他憨厚的气质很不相配。
其他人闷笑。
几个青年战士纷纷也坐下，有人打开快餐袋，拿出汉堡张口就咬，还有人展示了单手撬开汽水瓶盖的绝活，并对王叶扬了扬手，似乎在问他要不要来一瓶。
王叶：“……”
行吧，他明白对方也在向他展示他们的能力，以及努力传达出友好之意。
只这些战士的名字就可以作为话题，顺利展开一场友好对话。
他接受到这份友好，并愿意接受。
但试探就没必要了，他既然露脸，连外貌都没做任何改变，就已经不打算和官方玩你躲我藏的游戏。
覆巢之下，焉有完卵。
他现在浪费的时间越多，就会让地球这边的准备时间越少。
虽说他不是有意让西伯荒野的能量眼提前喷发，但事实已经造成，而且根据游戏系统透露出的半年时限来看，半年后，地球必然会有一次大的变化。
他不知道这是好事还是会导致更坏，但他希望能以微薄之力尽量让大家做好迎接变化的准备。
王叶拉开一张折叠椅坐下，秒速融入这些战士中的氛围中，他甚至笑了笑，也打开一瓶肥宅水咕咚咕咚灌了两口。
“肥宅水不冰怎么喝？”王叶一晃手，常温的汽水瓶冒出寒气，内冷外热，瓶身迅速凝结出水滴。
几名战士一静。
“哇哦！这是异能？”娃娃脸战士惊叹。
战士狗蛋直接把自己瓶子递过来：“来，给我也冰一下。”
王叶弹了弹递过来的瓶身。
顿时，那汽水瓶也冒出寒气。
战士狗蛋握住瓶身，惊讶：“真的像是才从冰箱里拿出来的，好凉。”
说完，他还仰头就喝了一口：“哈！爽！”
唰唰唰，几个瓶子一起伸到了王叶面前。
王叶索性凝空画了一个魔法阵。
一股股凉气从四面八方包裹住几人。
六名战士惊讶地转身四看，他们这可是在室外，不是在空调室内。
“这也是异能吗？”队长祝哥好奇，他还特地起身走了一圈。
当他离开桌子三米远后，立刻感到一股湿热的空气包裹住他。
等他进入桌子为中心的三米范围内，就像是进入了空调房，清爽又凉快。
“真他么神奇，这是自带空调啊，到哪儿都不用担心温差了。”队长老祝回到自己的位置坐下，满眼惊奇地看着王叶，“小家伙，你很厉害啊。什么时候觉醒的？”
王叶：“很早，在游戏刚推行没多久，我就在玩游戏的时候觉醒了，大概我天赋比较好，后来又在游戏中遇到了比较靠谱的师父们，进步就比较快。”
“你刚才说推行游戏的存在……你对他们了解吗？能说说吗？”娃娃脸战士一边啃炸鸡翅，一边问。
“不知道，我也在寻找他们。”王叶看看这些战士：“那四个人的状态很糟糕，就算你们再精心治疗，他们的情况顶多再支持半个月，半个月后必死无疑。你看他们躺着昏迷着好像没事是吧，实际上他们时时刻刻都在遭受极度痛苦，精神核受损可不是玩笑。”
几名战士脸色一变。
王叶：“现在你们还要继续和我开茶话会吗？”
指挥中心：“继续。不要被他牵着鼻子走，设法试探出他还有哪些能力。另外，再问问他去冰城做什么，之后他又去了哪里。”
“你怎么知道他们的情况？”战士键盘问。
王叶：“因为我学医。”
“哦，学几年了？有执照吗？”战士键盘下意识问道。
“没证，自学，江湖郎中。”王叶摊手。
几名战士莞尔，以为王叶在开玩笑。
队长老祝把吃了一半的汉堡团成一团，扔进袋子里，正色道：“你能治疗他们？用什么？你的异能？你是冰系，同时也是治疗系？”
王叶：“不，我全系全能。”
几名战士们全都笑起来。
王叶跟雷木传音：“这茶话会开不下去了，对面那个指挥中心明显当我是小孩子，亏他们自己还说不要把我当小孩子哄，却把我当小孩套话。我感觉他们好像一点都不重视那几个病危的战士。”
“也许不是不重视，只是你还小，他们有点无法相信而已。”雷木建议：“你可以让虫老出面。”
王叶并不想太麻烦自家师父们，而且他觉得师父们暂时保持神秘也许更好。
“各位老兄，先回答我之前提出的问题，回答了，我们就开始谈治疗那几名战士的事。如果你们不知道，就问正在和你们通话的人。”王叶敲敲自己的耳廓，决定再给出一些耐心。
娃娃脸战士吐气，对王叶竖起拇指：“看来什么都瞒不过你，小兄弟，你真的很牛。”
“……或者我们先谈治疗，那几个人的情况需要配合药剂，现在就看你们是希望他们能恢复健康，还是希望他们能继续觉醒异能。前者比较容易做到，后者比较麻烦，而且对那几名战士有一定危险性，毕竟他们已经失败过一次，而且身体和精神核都被摧毁得很厉害。”王叶强行掰过话题。
“…… Or let's talk about healing first, and the situation of those people needs to be combined with the potion, and now it's up to you whether you want them to get back to health, or if you want them to continue to awaken. The former is easier to do, the latter is more troublesome, and it is somewhat dangerous for those fighters, after all, they have already failed once, and their physical and mental cores have been destroyed badly. Wang Ye forcibly broke the topic.
几名战士眼睛一亮，当场就要说话，可耳麦中却传出让他们先不要自作主张的命令。
娃娃脸战士和队长老祝互看。
指挥中心：“不要急。那孩子急了，他急着想证明自己，他把情况说得这么严重，也是在变相推销自己能力和证明自己的一种手段。对方穿着普通，谈吐和气质都像是出身普通人家，他应该很需要钱，也希望得到官方的重视，你们设法往这上面引。”
娃娃脸战士深吸气，按照指示问王叶：“两个选择是指治疗费不一样吗？要用不同药剂吗？你在游戏中学了很多知识？这些知识都能拿到现实中来用吗？”
王叶微笑，他理解对方，但他的耐心也迅速见底：“你们还有五分钟。那个对你说我喜欢掌握主动权，让你不要把主动权交给我，要多多捧我夸我，要设法引我说出更多的心理砖家，你可以让他闭嘴了。”
娃娃脸战士呵呵一笑，完全没有不好意思地说：“上面也是特别重视这次会面，更特别重视你，所以才会搞得这样慎重。相信你也理解哈，不过请相信我们，我们对你真的没有丝毫恶意，相反，我们还怕你误会。”
队长老祝也道：“不要相信那些影视节目的胡扯，那都是为了造成观感上的刺激。就算你是超人，只要你能遵守国家法纪法规，不会伤害他人，会约束自己的力量，没人会对你做什么。如果你无法控制你的力量，我们也可以安排专人跟随你、照顾你，但不是囚禁你，而是为了防止你伤害别人的同时也伤害自己。”
“就算研究，顶多要你几管血几根头发，再用棉球擦擦口腔，另外就是让你经常做一些体检，记录一些数据。至于活体解剖、关在玻璃房里之类，那是变态及傻逼才会做出来的事。”
娃娃脸战士：“你可以加入我们战队，我们真的非常欢迎你。我们队福利很不错哦，五险一金，月基本工资两万，还有各种福利补贴，宿舍免费住、飞机免费乘，起步就是中尉。想学开战机吗？想学开潜水艇吗？想上航母吗？来我们这里，都有可能哦。四十岁以后就可以半退休转文职，退休金丰厚还分房。”
王叶面无表情：“哇，好心动。”
娃娃脸战士忍笑，可为了任务，只能继续：“对了，你现在还在读书吧？初几？”
王叶：“没初几，小学刚毕业。”
在场的战士们：“……”
某指挥中心的大佬和专家们：“……”
指挥中心再次下达命令：“试探他的治疗能力，激将他，小孩子都受不得激将。”
娃娃脸战士抿了抿嘴唇，对王叶继续笑道：“你个头看起来很高，不像是才十一二岁。”
“我十三，这几年吃得好，发育好。”王叶叹了口气，“看来你们内部还要研讨一阵子，我是无所谓啦。三、二、一，很好，现在你们应该已经拿到我的全部资料，等你们研讨好了，再联系我好了，债见~”
指挥中心：“拿到他的资料了！稳住他！别让他走！”
王叶的真实资料立刻投影到大屏幕上，年龄、姓名、地址、照片……等全都一清二楚，包括他的家人信息。
棕榈公园现场，六名战士互看，陷入短暂沉默。
过了一会儿，娃娃脸战士把耳麦拔出来，扔到桌上，冷着脸不说话。
After a while, the baby-faced warrior pulled out the headset and threw it on the table, keeping a cold face and not speaking.
其他几名战士表情也不太好，这次他们都没有机会发挥。
Several of the other fighters didn't have good expressions either, and none of them had a chance to play this time.
队长老祝淡淡道：“既然说交给我们，那就交给我们，能别瞎几把指挥吗？”
Captain Zhu said lightly: "Since you said that you will hand it over to us, then leave it to us, can you not blindly command a few commands?" ”
指挥中心：“……”
一名中年人低声笑了笑，把某部门派来的所有专家都客客气气地请出了指挥部。
他们是刚成立还不到一年的部门，刚成立时，大家都当玩笑。
现在，树还没长大，果实还没结，就只发了个芽，让人看出了一点苗头，就有一堆人跑来抢苗了。
异能觉醒，啧，谁能不心动？
第353章 超有天赋的老爷子
王叶再次在箱车的医疗舱里出现。
他略微一沉吟，对着一名战士伸出手。
虫老忽然一把握住王叶的手。
王叶愣住，抬头看向师父。
虫老对他微微摇头：“我不是不让你救人，但不能是现在。”
王叶了然，嘿嘿笑道：“师父，我知道您的意思，我没打算就这么平白给他们弄出四个异能者，也没打算现在就把他们治好，否则某些人以后做事恐怕会更加肆无忌惮，以为有人帮他们治疗，就可以随便拿战士糟蹋。到时候我要是不帮战士治疗，说不定还得被泼一身污水。”
“你知道就好。”虫老放心了，小兔崽子没有因为回到家乡就变成被人随意算计的小呆瓜。
“不过那几个出面和我打交道的战士人很好，他们很紧张他们的战友，对我也确实没有敌意。而且这几位躺在这里的战士也值得我敬重。他们基本都不是被迫，而是自愿。”
王叶不知道该怎么解释，只能抓抓头道：“师父，我们国家的战士有点特别，和双月星很多国家的战士不太一样，他们拥有着真正的战士精神，不管他们私底下是什么样的人，但他们脑中都深深刻印着精忠报国的想法。”
“国家说需要他们的时候，甚至不需要多解释，他们就会自己走出来自愿去当一个实验体，尝试吃下一些古怪的东西、或者去一些奇异的地方，甚至同意对自己做各种匪夷所思的身体改造，只要这对国家和人民有好处。”
“我自认做不到这点，所以我崇敬他们。他们现在这样躺着就是受罪，我别的不能为他们多做，至少能让他们不那么痛苦。”
虫老眼中闪过笑意，“精神治疗药剂可不便宜。”
王叶心疼得唉声叹气：“师父您老能不能别提醒我了。”
随后又磨牙道：“这损失我以后一定要翻倍赚回来。原本想十万一支批发价卖觉醒药剂给他们，现在一百万一分不能少，而且还得跟着物价涨。”
王叶在自己后悔之前，迅速给四个人一人灌了一支药剂。
四人的呼吸肉眼可见地就平稳了许多。
仪器数据改变，隔壁马上就收到提醒。
但当娃娃脸几个战士飞快地冲入医疗舱，却发现医疗舱似乎跟之前一模一样。
就在狗蛋……别看这位叫这个名字，又一脸憨厚相，实际人家是正儿八经的军医……查看四名战友的仪器数据时，最左边床位的战士眼皮颤了颤，慢慢睁开了。
“老周！你醒了？”娃娃脸狂喜。
王叶从棕榈公园出来就给他姑打了个视频电话。
“嗯嗯，我知道，我这几天会待在家里不出门，哪里都不去行了吧？就是国家元首来了，我都只请他进家里坐，绝不会走出去见他，这总行了吧？”王沐笑骂。
王沐到底担心，还是忍不住问：“你小子是不是搞出什么祸事了？”
王叶特别无辜地道：“没有啊，就是我跟师门学习了一些医学知识，回到这边就忍不住用了用，然后就被发现了。虽然我自认我医术非凡，但这不是我年纪还小，才小学毕业嘛，又是无证行医，有人就当我是骗子，就在调查我。你侄子我自认行得正坐得端，就堂堂正正地露面了，所以他们已经查到咱家里。”
王沐：“……你就不能忍忍？或者不让人知道是你出的手？”
王沐叹息：“姑，时间来不及了。而且遮遮掩掩太麻烦。对了，姑，你接下来一定要每天都玩游戏，最少一天八小时。还有我给你的那些小零食，你每天都要吃一点，过一段时间，等你到了差不多该自然觉醒的时候，我会回来一趟。”
“自然觉醒？”王沐迷茫脸。
王叶：“总之，你不要随便离开家，现在那里不敢说是全地球最安全的地方，但就算来个导弹也炸不到你。如果非要出门，记得戴上我师父送给你的见面礼，全挂身上。算了，还是现在就挂上，洗澡睡觉也别拿下来。”
王沐一脸飘忽地挂了电话，先去把小叶子师父们送给她的首饰全都佩戴到身上，还好师父们应该是考虑到她的性格和喜好，都不是什么很夸张的首饰，戴在身上并不起眼。
就一个兰道师父送的手镯特别有意思，上面挂了一溜串只有一厘米长的小卷轴，每个小卷轴上都有一个字，比如飞、炸、隐、定、火……等等，拽掉一个往目标身上一丢，就能起到字面效果。
王沐现在还不知道这些卷轴的威力有多大，她侄子跟她说得也含糊，只说保命没问题。
随后王沐就开始清点家中存粮。
一个大冰柜和两台双开门大冰箱都是满的，两个大阳台都种满了蔬菜。还有一堆的干货和咸货，大米和面粉啥都不缺，还有一大堆零食。
这么多食物别说撑半个月，就是撑半年都够。
王叶对他姑姑考虑得十分周全，亲人中他也只想到这一个。
但别人调查他，怎么可能只调查他姑？
王叶父母的信息就这么呈现在某些人面前。
在这里就不得不提到华夏一个部门，特殊事件管理部。
这是一个非常神奇的部门。
通常来说，谁都没法管、也没法查的事情，丢到这个部门就对了。
这个部门下面也有许多机构，其中一个成立在六年前，叫《极度危险》游戏研究局。
近一年前，该研究局又成立了一个下属新科室，叫异能研究和管理科。
这个新科室的成立当时引来很多瞩目，初期也发生了很多事。不过因为没有成果，很快就成了特事部的边缘科室。
可现在……
王叶的资料同时出现在游戏研究局王局长和异能管理科郝科长面前。
母亲早年离家出走，但现在正在找儿子？
父亲喝酒喝出脑溢血，现在正躺在疗养院里当植物人？
姑姑竟然是个精神病？
王局长一拍桌子，大喜：哎呀，到哪里找这么好的关怀对象！
王局长立刻指挥手下。
先联系少年的母亲。哪有小孩子不想妈妈的呢？何况王叶才十三岁。
再派人去看看那个老王，这还和他同姓，多巧？看到底是个什么情况，如果能治疗最好，不能就给调个更好的疗养环境。
有负责调查信息的手下提出：那个老王似乎有醉酒后虐待妻儿的毛病，他变成植物人后，他儿子和他妹才过上安稳日子。
王局长却表示这不是问题，更指出：天下无不是的父母，血亲父子打断骨头还连着筋，这世上会虐待妻儿的男人大多都是郁郁不得志，憋坏了。只要人能醒过来，再给老王一个优厚的保障待遇，管保老王以后再也不会借酒消愁，分分钟就能修复和儿子的关系。
手下人想要提醒上司：那个少年如果真的有神奇的治疗能力，他为什么不去治疗他变成植物人的父亲？
但王局长随手就把报告丢到一边，认定父子没有隔夜仇，那王叶再怎么厉害也不过是个十三岁的小毛孩，肯定渴望亲情。甚至打算亲自做这对父子的感情工作，以后那小孩长大了也会感激他一辈子。
这位王局长想到在他的帮忙下，父子俩前嫌尽释，渣爹痛改前非，中二少年揉眼滴泪的场景，都要把自己感动坏了。
异能管理科的郝科长看着王叶的资料，揉了揉额头。
他只希望他的顶头上司王局长不要在这时候出什么幺蛾子，他可太了解那位了。
那些专家就是王局长亲自塞进来，说是给他们帮忙的。
要不是这位是他顶头上司，他早就脱下鞋子盖他个仙人板板！
偏偏这位王局长在听说神秘少年也姓王以后，就莫名兴奋了……
娃娃脸战士坐在郝科长对面，那表情跟讨债的差不多。
“老周他们突然好转还清醒过来，可不是因为那些输液突然管用了。”娃娃脸战士敲桌子。
“我知道。”
“王老秃拿到那孩子的资料了。”
“我知道。”
“咱们科能另外分出去，不挂在王老秃下面吗？老板你想想，我们可都挂在王老秃的下面！”
“能别说得这么恶心吗？”郝科长听得耳朵难受，拿起手机，驱赶娃娃脸：“赶紧走，不要告诉我你们马上要做什么。”
娃娃脸眼睛一亮，跳起来，啪地行了个军礼：“得令，收到！马上执行！”
“滚！”郝科长骂了一句脏话，这年头迎上不易，驭下更是要命。他们这种中间层的管理人员最难了！
"Get out!" Section Chief Hao scolded a swear word, it is not easy to catch up these years, and it is even worse to control it. It's the hardest for middle-level managers like them!
不过比起手下的狼崽子们，他还是更讨厌有事没事给他找事、还喜欢跟他耍官腔的王老秃。
However, compared to the wolf cubs under his command, he still hates Wang Laobald, who has nothing to do with him and likes to play official with him.
就让那些一身精力无处发泄的狼崽子们去给王老秃拖后腿好了，反正王老秃也干不出什么好事。
Just let those wolf cubs who have nowhere to vent their energy go and drag Wang Lao Bald, anyway, Wang Lao Bald can't do anything good.
海沽市，棕榈公园附近。
王叶做了自己想做的事，又叮嘱过姑姑，虽然有点心疼那几瓶药剂，但心情还是很好，他用散步的步调慢慢地在海边走着。
这个公园距离海边不远，海风吹来还是很舒服的。
这会儿虽然晚了，但沿海路上还是能见到不少晚上出来散步的人，有些看着就像是游客，但更多的还是当地人。
“这附近应该也有一个能量眼。”虫老显出身形，跟在徒弟身边享受这难得的清闲：“不过位置应该在海里，距离海港不算远。”
王叶过了一会儿也察觉到了，“等会儿我下海看看，说不定那个能量眼附近有什么好东西。总觉得今天亏大了，得赚点才行。”
虫老莞尔。
迎面走来一个老头，手里拿着手机，嗓门贼大，哇啦哇啦像是在骂人。
眼看就要撞上王叶。
王叶迅速往边上一让。
老头踩着一双塑料拖鞋啪嗒啪嗒走过去，嘴里还在噼里啪啦骂人，骂的最多的就是“我日你仙人板板”。
王叶和虫老一起对这老头行注目礼。
老头浑然不觉，一个人就走出了八十个人的气势，路上行人纷纷相让。
王叶愕然，不可置信地道：“师父，你看到了吗？”
虫老也很惊讶：“没想到，真没想到。”
“师父，走，我们跟上去看看。”王叶说跟就跟，走着走着就隐了身。
虫老同样。
雷木好奇：“你们看到什么了？这老头有什么特殊之处？”
王叶来劲了：“木木，你一定想不到，这个看起来至少七老八十的老头他的松果体竟然是亮的！特别亮！”
雷木也震惊了：“比姚浩还亮？”
“对！这位可没有经过任何能量刺激，就是自然觉醒，不过因为能量不足，加上没有引导者，他人老体质又差，很可能永远都差那一分无法觉醒，就算觉醒也会失去性命。”
王叶还是忍不住感叹：“就这年纪松果体还能亮成那样，这位的天赋和资质该有多好。可惜了，真的太可惜了！”
虫老也是这么认为：“这人如果是在双月星，早就被发掘出来成为顶尖超凡者了。他这样的资质，在双月星，大概在很小的时候就能显示出非凡能力。”
师徒俩因为太好奇，就这么一路跟到了人家家里。
老头住在一个老小区里，房子也是老式格局，客厅不大，但房间大。
两室一厅，貌似只有老头一个人住。
家里不算乱，还很干净，应该是有人在日常照顾他。
“别扯了，老子到家了，老子都退休两年了，懒得管你们屁事。我这把年纪了，就需要安静修养、早睡早起。嗯嗯，你也早点回家吧，都几点了还不睡觉？”
老头进了房间刚刚按掉电话，手机铃音就再次响起。
“你在干嘛呢？快点上啊！”一个老头在电话对面吼起来，“就等你了！今晚我好不容易才躲过老太婆，你却敢迟到，敢耽误老子刷技能，砍死你啊！”
“来了来了，我这不是去夜泳了嘛，这时候人少能游个痛快，回来的时候接了小郝的电话，几把啰嗦的，害老子耽误了。就来，一分钟！”老头丢掉手机，火速打开空调，拿起游戏头盔就戴了上去。
王叶：“……”
戴上游戏头盔和进入休息舱的人，并不是就像睡着了一样没有反应，相反会有很多反应。
比如手脚会动，有时候还会大叫大喊。
就跟做梦说梦话一样。
王叶面前的老头在戴上游戏头盔不久，像是就跟人干起来了，不住破口大骂，还挥拳踹脚。
那精神气，怎么看都不像是七十多快八十的老爷子。
王叶突然很想知道这位老爷子在游戏中是个什么形象。
两个小时后，老爷子还沉迷在游戏世界不可自拔。
大门被拉开，有人踩着重重的脚步，走进老爷子的卧室。
来人穿着笔挺的制服，一身刚严冷酷，但在看到自家老父亲时，眼神却不由自主软了三分。
快五十岁的中年人掏出手机上游戏论坛，登录自己的游戏名，给玩游戏再次忘记时间的老父亲发邮件。
每隔三秒发一封，连续发了十封。
老爷子给儿子夺命连环call给催得受不了，只能下线。
“我说你催什么催？老子玩个游戏你也催？老子还能活几年，就不能让你老子我最后玩个痛快？”老爷子摘下游戏头盔时还满腹怨言。
身姿挺拔的中年人声音冷漠却无奈地说道：“爸，十一点了，您该睡了。”
老爷子瞪儿子，挥手：“行了，我知道了，马上就睡，你可以走了。”
中年人没走，他知道他一走，他老子马上就能再戴上游戏头盔。
老爷子也拿这个儿子没办法，他还怕儿子没收他的游戏头盔，上次他儿子就干过这缺德事，要不是他发飙，加上研究组那边传出玩这游戏对老人也有一定好处的说法，他儿子还不会把游戏头盔还给他。
“我下个月给您买游戏舱，那个可以睡在里面玩。游戏头盔坐着玩，对您身体负担还是太重了。”中年人先软了下来。
老爷子听了这话反而挥挥手道：“买什么游戏舱？钱多没地方花吗？老子有游戏头盔就行了，你要是敢买游戏舱，老子就去举报你贪污，快滚！”
中年人实在拿老父亲没办法，走的时候把游戏头盔也给带走了，说好明天早上老爷子到隔壁再拿回来。
老爷子看儿子走了，气得骂骂咧咧。
老爷子正要打算洗洗睡，他忽然像是感觉到什么，一个老头子竟然表现出了比年轻人还要敏锐的行动力。
他一把抓起了身边的台灯，爆喝：“谁？出来！”
王叶从墙壁里伸出一个脑袋，笑嘻嘻问好：“老爷子您好，我不是鬼。还有您想觉醒异能吗？”
“……你个小兔崽子还能更缺德一点吗？当老头子我吓不死吗？”老爷子怒，举起台灯就敲了过来。
王叶：卧槽！这老爷子真彪！
“我要真缺德，我就等您老睡着了，再这么出来跟您说话。”王叶脑袋一收，不见了。
老爷子瞪直了眼睛，不但不害怕，眼睛里还都是兴奋，抓着台灯跟握着斧头一样。
明明手机就在那里，他竟然也不想着赶紧打电话报警或喊儿子。
“你知道我儿子一家就在隔壁吧，也知道他是干什么的吧？”老爷子慢慢转移身体，那动作带出了一种很特别的韵律。
虫老点评：“武师的路子，底子不弱。”
王叶脑袋突然又从门上冒出来：“知道，条子嘛，您老以前也是条子？”
“所以你是来报复我们家的？”老爷子眯眼。
王叶呵呵：“您老这是做了什么亏心事，担心有人来报复？”
“放你妈的猪瘟屁！老子和老子的儿子行得正坐得端，半夜不怕鬼敲门，来多少小鬼杀多少！”
“那如果我是来喊冤的呢？”
老爷子冷笑：“你喊冤？你小子贼眉鼠眼一看就不是好东西，赶紧滚出来，有事说事，没事滚蛋，不要耽误老子睡觉！”
王叶真的跳出来了，他坐在床头柜上，翘着腿摇啊摇，一脸的坏水：“老爷子，要不要觉醒异能啊？一支药剂，包您脱凡超俗、寿命延长、身体健康、一个打三！今晚打折价，只要99.8万元哦，时不可失，失不再来！要来一支吗？”
老爷子特嘎嘣脆地道：“九块八我就买一支。”
王叶看到老爷子有意无意靠近靠床头的墙壁，也不阻止他的小动作。
老爷子很机智，他把手机丢在桌子上，让“匪徒”只会注意他有没有接触到手机，却忽视了位于床边的呼救按铃。
那按钮做得也很巧妙，不仔细看也看不出来。
“九块八也太少了，只能送你一支自来水。这样吧，九万八，看在我们有缘的份上，这是最低价，不能再少了。”
“没钱！”
“那就没办法了，可惜您只差一点点就可以觉醒了，但没有引导者也没有充足的能量，您大概永远都只差这么一点点了。要么您就等到半年后，看能量大爆发时，您的身体能不能挺得过自然觉醒，如果能，那今天的九万八您就可以省下了。”王叶拍拍屁股，准备走人。
老爷子手指按在呼救铃上，却没有按下去：“你是谁？谁派你来的？”
王叶仰头，特别装逼地道：“我是谁，您要不了多久就能知道了。至于谁派我来的，大约是命运吧。”
老爷子：“……隔壁小王？”
王叶孩子气地鼓起嘴巴：“我就知道你们在调查我。”
老爷子终于忍不住笑了，也不按呼救铃了，一屁股在床头坐下，把台灯也丢到床头柜上，下巴一指。
“你小子给我老实坐那儿，别闪来闪去的，有异能了不起吗？信不信国家爸爸明天就教你做人？”
王叶从心地坐下，双手放到膝盖上，特别乖巧又委屈地说：“我也不想这样啊，实在是今晚遇到的官方特别奇葩。”
老爷子翘起腿：“你怎么找到我这儿来了？你听谁说的我？小郝？”
王叶摇头：“我要说这真的是命运，您相信吗？”
老爷子：“……”
第354章 茶水好喝吗
老爷子姓方，名字很老派，叫荣国。
方荣国老先生今年七十有三，退休两年，曾经正是特殊事件管理部的部长。
要么他玩游戏那么溜呢，那个《极度危险》游戏研究局就是他一手成立起来。
只不过老爷子年纪大了，他在身兼部长的同时，也没办法再管理一个游戏研究局，就把它托付了出去。
可谁想，他这边刚成立了一个游戏研究局，另外一个纯科研部门也组建了一个《极度危险》游戏研究中心。
无他，全息技术任谁都会眼馋。
老爷子也无意跟人争权夺利，他干脆就给特事部的游戏研究局划下研究范围，就是只研究该游戏的玩家变化，并注意和调查因为这个游戏造成的某些特殊事件。
隔壁小王因为升级快速，很早就进入了研究局的眼睛。
老爷子没退休前，可是盯着隔壁小王好几年，还被带的成为了游戏达人，后来老爷子发现玩游戏竟然让他精神越来越好，他就一直玩了下来。
两年前，老爷子觉得自己该让位了，就打了退休报告，这退休报告他从六十岁打到现在，每年都打一次，但上面一直挽留他，直到老爷子亲手培养出一名接班人，上面这才肯放人。
老爷子把特事部甩手出去，高高兴兴地退休回家。
目前异能管理科科长小郝，郝成庆，曾经也是他看好的一名干将，看着文质彬彬，实际能文能武，原本是按照部长后备役来培养。
按照老爷子的计划，就是他退休的时候，小郝接手游戏研究局局长的位子，以后的升迁目标就是特事部部长。
但小郝的堂伯犯了点事，虽说现在已经没有连坐的说法，但有关系的时候，你享受了这个关系的照顾，当这个关系出事的时候，曾经享受这份关系照顾的人自然也会被牵连。
小郝冤就冤在他们家和这个堂伯是真的很多年不来往，父亲那一辈就因为三观不同不来往了，可谁让这血缘关系太近，就连小郝父亲都因此提前退休，小郝也没跑得掉。
加上那时老爷子刚刚办完离职手续，新部长上任，老爷子也不想为难新部长，就没有开口为小郝求情。
最后接手游戏研究局局长位子的就是现在的王涂，外号王老秃。
而王老秃这个人既不是老爷子安排的，也不是新部长提拔的，属于被委派过来的。
这其中自然有些权力纷争，最主要的就是上面认为科研部门已经有个游戏研究中心，特事部这边的游戏研究局就很鸡肋，为了减冗，已经有着想取消的意思。
所以王老秃被派来，特事部从部长到有一定职权的人都知道，这位就是来养老的，而游戏研究局基本就是一个废掉的部门，等王老秃退休，这个研究局就要被取消。
但王老秃显然不这么认为，这位野心还不小，非常想要做出功绩，并剑指特事部部长的位子。他认为，他被派来这边就是来夺权的。
可能好心调派他过来养老的那位都没想到这人有着这么积极的进取心。
王老秃跳来跳去，为了加重研究局的筹码，他很自然地拿了属下（小郝）的提案，提出了以后游戏研究局的重要发展方向就是研究异能。
实际上小郝提出的方案是调查玩游戏的人有没有出现异能觉醒征兆，如果有，就进行监视，发现有人觉醒，或有人记忆力大幅度加强等特殊情况，可以考虑把人吸收入官方组织。
重点是监测和监察。
而小郝会提出这个提案，也是因为他发现游戏中出现了许多个类似“神眷者阵营”这样不太正派甚至是邪恶的组织，而有些玩游戏的人很容易被洗脑，成为这些组织的忠心狗腿。
这些组织让他们干什么，他们就真的会干什么，已经在现实社会造成一定影响。
小郝并不真的认为有人能觉醒异能，他只是担心有人以为自己觉醒了，瞎搞事。
而这并不是小郝杞人忧天。
可谁想小郝原本出于负责任的提案会被顶头上司王老秃改头换面，偏巧那时……
“一年前是不是发生了什么事？”
王叶不奇怪有人会冒进，不管是游戏研究中心还是游戏研究局，只要他们发现玩游戏真的能提高精神力，那么幻想一下玩游戏说不定能激发异能、进而进行研究也不是不可能。
甚至当年推行游戏的某存在有可能直接把玩游戏有可能觉醒异能的事告诉了各国。
It is even possible that a certain existence that promoted the game back then directly told the countries about the possibility of awakening abilities by playing games.
老爷子也察觉出王叶的特殊，感觉他知道很多。 The old man also sensed Wang Ye's specialness, and felt that he knew a lot.
他甚至有种略疯狂的预感——面前的小少年很可能就是地球文明即将出现转折点的那把关键钥匙。
He even had a slightly crazy premonition that the little boy in front of him was likely to be the key to the imminent turning point of the earth's civilization.
为此，老爷子并没有把王叶当单纯的小孩看，相反他决定用诚意换王叶的诚意。
For this reason, the old man did not treat Wang Ye as a simple child, but instead decided to exchange sincerity for Wang Ye's sincerity.
老小孩老小孩，活到他这个年纪的人，和小孩也差不多。他不喜欢有人骗他，他想这个小少年也不会喜欢被人骗。
Old children, old children, people who have lived to his age are similar to children. He didn't like people to lie to him, and he didn't think this little boy would like to be deceived either.
而且老爷子能在特事部一干三十多年，他什么奇怪的人事物没见过？
And the old man has been working in the special affairs department for more than 30 years, what strange people and things has he never seen?
甚至和绝大多数年轻人比起来，这位老爷子的思维思想更柔软也更开阔，他一身正气，但并不僵硬固执。
Even compared with the vast majority of young people, this old man's thinking is softer and more open-minded, he is upright, but not rigid and stubborn.
所以老爷子决定和王叶交换情报。
“这事属于机密，我本来不该告诉你。”老爷子严肃道。
“您说了，也就省得我跑一遍了。本来我可以问那几个战士，不过他们的精神力还不稳定，强行询问对他们精神力有损。原本我打算去那个游戏研究局跑一趟，但既然遇到您，就可以暂缓了。”王叶特诚实地道。
老爷子一脸不信。
“您听过精神暗示吗？”王叶挥手，一张小桌子出现在两人中间。
王叶又虚空掏出一壶茶和一盘子油炸花生米，以及一点脆口小菜。
老爷子看到这一幕，丝毫不掩惊奇：“这是空间异能？”
王叶笑了笑，给老爷子倒了一杯茶：“我是魔法师，真会魔法那种。”
老爷子多敏锐啊，当即就道：“这么说双月星那边的魔法真的能拿到现实中使用？”
王叶点头，还道：“不止魔法，我们在双月星那边学习的任何一种功法都能拿到地球使用。”
老爷子沉默了。他玩游戏这么多年，能不知道双月星的神奇吗？
而很多功法可是相当危险，如果地球这边有人也能像面前的小少年一样用出来……
老爷子现在特别明白那些想把异能者统统抓起来扔到外太空的人的想法。
有异能虽然不错，他也想拥有。
但如果国家不能掌控异能者，那后果绝对比全民持枪还要可怕得多。
“你刚才说的精神暗示是我想的那个意思吗？”老爷子跟接孙子孝敬一样，大大咧咧地接过茶杯，还往嘴里丢了粒花生米。
王叶：“虽然不知道您想了什么，但应该就是您想的那个意思。而这点不止我会，甚至您也可以做到。”
“我也能做到？”老爷子这下是真吃惊了。
“能。您现在的精神力相当强大，比普通人都强得多。如果您去说服某个人，或者想要诱惑他说出某些比较秘密的内容，只要您专心想要去说服对方，那么您就有很大可能得到自己想要的答案。”
老爷子：“……像你我这样的人很多吗？”
王叶耸肩：“像我这样的人，目前大概只有我一个。但像您这样的，全世界加起来应该有不少。您可以按照人口的比例来计算，基本像您这样天赋和资质都十分优秀，玩几年游戏就接近觉醒临界点的人，大约百万里面有一个。”
老爷子一想到华夏的人口基数，再计算这个比例，顿时有点晕。
一千四百个人，听起来这个数字不多，但这可是一千四百个能对别人做精神暗示，让对方说出自己银行密码的人！
王叶狡猾地没说精神力强大不代表就能使用精神暗示，这技能也要学习和天赋的。而且全民精神力提高后，想要精神暗示也就更困难。
他把情况说得严重点，也是希望老爷子以及老爷子背后的官方可以更重视异能觉醒这件事。
“实际上除了您，我目前已经发现至少六个人都达到了觉醒临界点。”
“都有谁？”老爷子立刻打开床头柜抽屉，拿出纸笔，他就算退休了，也不代表他不关心国家大事和民生。
王叶：“何连莲，冰城人，导游。她是我目前发现的天赋资质第二好的一个人，您是第一个。她的儿子何军榄天赋也非常优秀，靠着错误的觉醒图都能把自己搞到差点觉醒的程度。另外就是何军榄的堂妹张诗岚，以及他的双胞胎表弟张劲和张松。这三个孩子稍微差一点，但也算很不错的苗子。这几个人，你们那个部门已经拿到他们的全部信息。”
老爷子停下笔：“这才五个，还有一个人是谁？”
王叶微微一笑：“还有一个人已经觉醒，我帮的忙。而且那人能力相当不错，光系哦，一觉醒就可以隐身。”
老爷子撑住头，他头疼。
隐身这个能力很猥琐，但用得好，真的可以做到很多事情。现在只希望那个人是个奉公守法的良民，千万别是什么犯罪份子，否则……
“不是犯罪份子，我也不是什么人都给他觉醒药剂。”
虽然王叶这么说了，但老爷子还是特凶暴地瞪了他一眼：“尽瞎胡来！告诉我那个人的名字。”
王叶却不急不慢道：“一条信息交换一条信息，您还没有跟我说一年前发生了什么事，以至于让你们冒险做人体实验。”
“你为什么想知道这事？”老爷子反问。
“因为我是华夏人，是地球人。我知道地球就要遭遇危机，甚至已经遭遇，但我不知道危机最初到底发生在什么地方、在什么时候，如果我能知道，也许我可以推理出更多。”王叶坦言。
老爷子这下看王小叶就顺眼多了。这小子虽然滑头，但好歹人还是正的。
“地球将要遭遇什么危机？”
“我就是因为不确定，所以才问您啊。您看，您告诉我一些我也能弄到的秘密，我还能帮您分析一下情况，您血赚不亏哦。”
“臭小子！”老爷子朝王叶丢了一粒花生米。自己也捏起一粒丢进嘴里慢慢咀嚼。嗯，这花生米真香真脆，比他吃过的油炸花生米都好吃。
如果这小兔崽子是他孙子就好了，有这么一个会魔法的孙子在身边，他以后生活一定很方便，带这小子逛街都不用拎袋子了。
可惜啊，他就是没孙子孙女的命。
他儿子早年因公负伤，虽然男性能力还在，但再也不能有孩子了。他儿媳妇仁义，对他儿子不弃不离，一直就守着他那个冷冰冰的儿子过日子。
“一年前，我们发现昆仑虚死亡谷……喂，你小子那是什么表情？”老爷子不爽。
王叶：“我这个表情叫做毫不意外昆仑的名字会出现，好歹是咱们第一大祖神山，不出现多没面子啊。”
老爷子笑骂，很快就言归正传：“那边一直都有科考部门驻守，有一天他们记录了一串非常古怪的数据，怀疑当地有地震发生。他们不敢轻忽，就把消息上报，但等地震局派人过去时，地震就已经发生了。”
“地震后，死亡谷两条河流的交汇处，那边原本就经常会出现电闪雷鸣的天气，出现了一个电池。”
“电池？”
“布满雷电的池子。”老爷子慢慢说道：“那景象只要看过的人都无法忘记，消息就这么一步步上报，我们特事部也收到了相关信息。”
“本来这事和游戏研究局完全无关，可死亡谷出现雷电池的消息传出后，竟然有个玩游戏玩到脑残的地震局研究员觉得跳到那雷电池里，他就能获得雷电之力，他就趁人不注意跳了下去。”
王叶：“……这是多想不开？”
老爷子也叹息：“大约就是太想得开了。你不能跟沙雕比胆子，他们能做人不能做到的事情。”
“后来呢？是不是那人没死，还真出现了雷电异能，所以才会引起你们注意？”
“那沙雕没出现雷电异能，但他也神奇地没有立刻死亡，在人们把他想法捞出来后，他存活了大约九分钟。当时在场的人都看到他抬起手，手中出现雷电球，那雷电球落到地上，直接炸了一辆车。”
“嚯！”
“之后就有相关部门开始记录和研究那个雷电池的相关数据，在那里，研究员们发现了一种奇异的能量。不用进入雷电池，在周围也能感受到这种能量。”
王叶明白了：“然后是不是就有人以为那能量可以帮助人觉醒异能，就把人派过去在那边接触那种能量？”
“对。”老爷子表情很不好。
科研部门那边的游戏研究中心据说也在研究异能觉醒的事，不过他们那边做的非常正规，也非常循序渐进，都是先从精神力提升下手，以观察为主。
王老秃不知道从哪里得知那个研究中心在研究异能觉醒的事，就想横插一脚，想要赶在研究中心之前做出一点实际成绩。
于是，这个不能说不学无术，但对研究半点不通的白痴竟然打起了直接人体实验的主意。
特事部游戏研究局因为要处理一些由玩家造成的特殊事件，有专门的武装行动队。
不多，就一支队伍，就是现在躺在病床上的四名战士。
王老秃以大义之名，要求四名战士去死亡谷调查那个雷电池，还要求他们住在那里记录相关数据，同时也不知道从哪儿找来几个专家学者，给四名战士服下了一些不知底细的药物。
四名战士以为这真的是国家任务，根本不知道王老秃是在先斩后奏，拿他们当实验体、当自己升官发财的活人阶梯。
没多久，四名战士全都“觉醒失败”，被紧急送到医院抢救数次才抢救回来。
“小郝，郝成庆因此暴怒，差点把王局长的脑浆子打出来。因为事情闹得太大，上面又在问责，王老秃差点被开除，但他提交的一些实验数据偏偏对科研部那边的游戏研究中心有不小作用，加上有人帮他说和，最后将功折罪才勉强留下来。”
“小郝趁机提出要另外成立一个异能管理科，王老秃理亏，也有点怕小郝，就同意了。特事部也想分王老秃的权，就批了。不过这个王老秃事后又后悔，仗着他是小郝的上司，有事没事给小郝找事。”
“这次和你见面，是小郝安排的。可王老秃听说后，硬是插了一脚，他找的那些专家，也都跟他差不多水平，真有本事的专家，他也请不动。”
老爷子摇头，“现在那个游戏管理局给王老秃搞得乌烟瘴气，里面塞的基本都是王老秃自己找来的人。小郝昨天还和我打电话哭诉，想要脱离王老秃单成一局。不过这事哪能那么容易。”
老爷子没有就这事深谈，这事也不适合跟王小叶谈。
王叶沉思，其实单成一个异能管理局这事也不难，只要国家更注重异能觉醒的事，并知道这事不是幻想、也不是还在实验中，而是已经出现，并且很快就会大面积、多人数的出现。
“你等着，王老秃知道你的特殊后，肯定会主动和你接触。这人，我建议你最好离得远远的。”老爷子显然对这个王老秃也是恨不得暴打，前面还说王局长，说到后面就王老秃了。
王叶不解：“这个王老秃做了这么多奇葩事，还害了四名战士，特事部还能留着他让他继续搞事？”
老爷子对于这点不想解释太多，有些事不好说，只能隐晦地道：“王老秃一个人并不成事。谁给他提供的消息？他那些专家都是哪里找来的？谁在给他撑腰？有时候上面也不是不算账，而是在记账，等到了差不多可以一棍子打死并一网打尽的时候，就会拿着账本来跟你算账了。”
王叶了然，竖起拇指，国家爸爸果然还是国家爸爸。这是废物利用在钓鱼呢，就是在把大鱼钓上来之前，大家还得忍受一段时间鱼饵的恶心。
其实想想平日看的那些国内国外新闻，一国元首还能做出奇葩事呢，更不要论那么大一个国家机构中那么多人，哪可能人人都是优秀的精英。
也许有些人不是不优秀，只是他们更会为自己着想，把公务员当成了官，最后更被各种欲望糊住眼睛和心神。还有些人则纯属拿工资过日子，得过且过。
“还好我们国家的元首和一干大佬，以及很多基层干部都很靠谱，做事的人更多。”王叶嘀咕完，还用惋惜的眼神瞄老爷子。
老爷子被王叶瞄得啼笑皆非：“看嘛看？”
王叶实话实说：“我觉得您特别优秀，特别好，可惜退休了。”
老爷子像是想笑，又像是想骂人，表情有点纠结。
但不可否认的是这个马屁拍得他很舒服。
王叶不认为他在拍马屁，他说的是实话。他为什么会和这老头坐在这里聊这么长时间，就因为他看过因果卷上这老头的生平。
不是详细生平，就像简历一样。但因果卷透露出来的内容已经足以让王叶了解到这位老人是什么样的人。
真的是又正又横，但人家横得有理，办事能力还超强。
老头说他一辈子行得正坐得端，这话是半点都没有掺水。
不是说老头就没有私心，而是他的私心从不过线。
“事情也告诉你了，你分析出什么了？”老爷子自己提过茶壶给自己倒了一杯茶，这茶水也香甜，格外好喝。
他老了，味觉越来越不敏感，于是饭菜就要味重才觉得好吃，茶水也要浓茶才能喝出味道，可这个小少年拿出的油炸花生米和几碟子小菜，以及这壶茶水，明明味道都有点偏清淡，却让他吃得满身舒服，而且打从心里觉得好吃。
王叶看老头滋遛滋遛喝茶喝得挺美，好心地告诉他：“这茶好喝吧？能量特别充足，又特别温和，特别适合您老这样的，这杯喝完，您老差不多就可以觉醒异能了。”
老爷子手一抖，茶杯差点掉地上。
王叶似乎觉得这样还不够刺激老头一样，又道：“虽然还没有去那个死亡谷看过。但如果我所料没错，那里很可能有个能量眼被雷电激活了。如果那里就那么丢着不管……”
“我记得那附近有个国家野生动植物保护公园对吧？恭喜，那里就要变成真的死亡谷了，动植物变异比人类快得多，以后那里就要成为动植物的天堂，人类没点本事，谁进谁死。”
“哦，已经一年了？看来那个能量眼还没有完全爆发，但这种细水长流更可怕，天知道附近那些动植物都变异成什么样了。赶紧把那里的人都撤离吧，别能量没吸收到多少，人都陷在里面就惨了。”
第355章 退嘛休，接着干
方古存早上起来，吃过早饭准备上班。
妻子李沁提醒他：“老爷子怎么还没过来拿头盔？”
方古存也觉得奇怪，他们家老爷子自退休后就成日痴迷那个游戏，他要是把游戏头盔拿走，这位管保一大早就来叫他们起床，有时还会拎着一堆油条包子之类的早餐过来。
“我去看看。他要是不舒服，我带他去医院，你去上班吧，迟了又要堵车。”李沁拿过头盔。她是中学老师，现在是暑假，时间比丈夫宽裕。
“我和你一起去看看。”方古存到底不放心，老爷子虽然看着健康，但到底年纪大了。
夫妻俩先敲了敲门，才打开隔壁大门。
房间里很安静。
夫妻俩低头看到老爷子外出常穿的鞋子还在，当即就脸色微变。
方古存甚至顾不得脱鞋子，直接就冲向了老爷子的卧室。
“爸！”方古存一把拧开卧室门把手。
李沁迟了一步，她去客厅拿急救箱了，这是她买来特地放在家里，就是为了防止不测。
方古存看到老父亲两手交握平躺在床上，眼睛微闭，整个人如坠冰窟。
房间冰冷异常，方古存只觉得自己呼吸出来的空气都是白色的。
“爸怎么样了？”李沁拎着急救箱急忙跑过来。
“房间怎么这么冷？”李沁惊叫，迅速摩擦手臂。
方古存也感到不对了，这房间冷得不正常，跟冰库一样。
“爸！”方古存冲到床边，伸手就去摸老爷子鼻息。
李沁看空调，发现空调没开。
而且房间里不止冷，还很潮湿，就像整间房间都被水洗过一样。
方古存伸出的手都颤抖了，他心中已经有了预感，他父亲恐怕是……
“干嘛呢？”老爷子突然睁眼转头，满脸不快地道。
方古存的手凝固住。
李沁捂住嘴。
老爷子特别麻利地坐起身，他身上衣服都穿得好好的。
昨晚折腾了一夜，他消耗很大，不过也不知是那茶水还是花生米和小菜有古怪，他现在精神还好，并不困顿。
刚准备眯眼睡一会儿，谁想儿子儿媳就跑来了，还一副以为他挂掉的惊恐模样。
好吧，老爷子人老调皮，想要吓吓儿子。
谁想儿媳也来了，就没好意思继续装尸体。
“爸，这房间是怎么回事？你昨晚没睡？昨晚有谁来过？”方古存不亏是干刑侦出身的，脑子冷静下来后，立刻就接连发现了数个不正常点。
老爷子经过儿子身边，伸出大手拍了拍儿子的肩膀：“没事，你老子我就是觉醒了异能，一时还无法控制，温度才会比较低，等我再修炼几天，能掌握就好了。”
方古存和李沁：“……”他们是不是应该打个急救电话，还是赶紧开车带老爷子去医院检查一下？
老爷子没有去医院，他去找特事部现任部长去了。
特事部部长赵谋看到老爷子表现出来的异能，饶是这位也算见多识广，也闭麦了五秒钟。
之后两人关门密谈了将近一个小时。
“去科研部的游戏研究中心吧。”
“方老？”
老爷子摆摆手：“做个检查而已，就当体检了。你要一起去吗？”
“当然。”赵谋起身。
他连问都没问老爷子为什么不留在特事部做检查，毕竟他们也有一个异能研究和管理科。
他也知道老爷子这次过去是为的什么，同样也知道老爷子一旦走这一趟，恐怕有些事情就要大大改变了。
而国家对此给出的反应也非常迅速，在得知人真的能觉醒异能，并且有方老这个铁板的证据后。
一个新的部门迅速成立，独立于所有部门之外，甚至不挂在特事部下面。
异能管理局。
虽名局，却和特事部平级。
方老和赵谋都没有揽权的意思，他们只是希望国家能重视这件事。
现在国家重视起来了，他们就完成任务了。
但方老体检完也没能走掉。
他以为那个挂在科研部门下的游戏研究中心将会接手异能研究和管理的事情，谁想到上面大手一划，把这个研究中心划到了异能管理局门下。
而且不再是《极度危险》游戏研究中心，就是一个研究科室，就像是刑警部门的鉴证科。
异能管理局成立，肯定要有管理者。
原本争抢这个位置的人很多，军、政、科三方面的人都有。
但上面在紧急开会研究后，不到一个小时就定下了局长人选。
方老接到新任命时，人都傻眼了。
“我都退休了。我今年七十三了！”方老跳脚。
“退什么退？你的体检报告我们都看了，你现在比很多年轻人都健康得多。七十三很老吗？没听过七十新青年吗？我看你至少还能再活五六十年，这么长时间你待在家里孵蛋吗？给我回来把事情担起来！”
而且这个局长人选再也没有比方老更合适的了。
提名其他人，都有人表示反对意见。
但在提名方老后，反对的人就不见了。
除了方老年纪大这点，以他的功勋、能力、为人、手腕，他当这个局长绰绰有余。
偏生方老觉醒了异能，还是威力不小的冰系异能。
异能一觉醒，方老的身体就像是逆生长了一次，不但外貌看着都年轻了些许，身体素质更是大幅度提升。
当年龄这个关卡也不再成为问题，方老不上谁上？
更不要说方老还和隔壁小王有了直接接触，并显然获得了对方的信任和好感。这么优越的条件不利用起来，放着浪费吗？
上面的人没有一个是傻子，在方老的体检报告放到这些大佬们的面前时，隔壁小王的资料也同时进入他们眼中。
隔壁小王可不是一个人，他家的户口本上可是在一夜之间就多出了一连串的亲戚，全都姓月！
而这些姓月的，一个个全都查无此人。
但根据他们收集到的最新信息，据说其中有几个人和《极度危险》游戏世界双月星的著名土著长得十分相似。
人家就这么大大方方来了，没做任何遮掩。
方老看到王叶户口本上那一连串月某某后，噗嗤乐了：“不错啊，既然上了咱们国家的户口本，那就是咱们的人。这些人很上道嘛。”
上面的想法和方老一模一样，不管这些人过来的目的是什么，人家既然愿意老老实实地上户口、领身份证，那就表明了要遵华夏纪、守华夏法，并多少有些“我们是自己人”的意思。
他们华夏傻了才会把这些人当敌人看，把他们推出去。
外星人？
居心叵测？
不接触怎么知道人家到底是善意还是恶意呢？
而从目前隔壁小王的行事来看，小孩一颗红心向着自家，没错了。
王老秃收到消息，知道上面另外成立了异能管理局，就知道他的算盘彻底落空。
他还为此找人活动，想要争取管理局局长的位子。
直到有人通知他，让他不要妄想，并建议他拉好王叶那条线，有必要的话就把王叶控制起来。
王老秃闻言，立刻就派人去转移王叶父母，并把他们送到秘密地点控制起来。
但在转移途中，也不知道出了什么纰漏，那两人竟然消失了。
王老秃也没忘记去找王叶的姑姑王沐，可王沐压根就不肯出门，不管是什么人来找她，以什么名目要求她走一趟，王沐都拒不出门。
就在王老秃派来的人打算以官方名义，强行带走王沐时。
“哟，兄弟，这是干什么呢，扰民吗？”一个娃娃脸战士笑嘻嘻地出现在王沐家门口。
穿着制服的几个人皱眉，反问：“你们是什么人？谁派你们来的？”
“这话我们也想问你们。里面那位王沐女士可是我们局特聘的后勤部工作人员，专门为我们局提供优质蔬菜。你们跑过来是想截胡呢，还是有什么更不好的打算？”队长老祝拿出证件，同时要求那几个穿着制服的人也拿出证件。
那几个人看到老祝证件上“异能管理局”几个字，眼眸就收缩了。
老祝微微一笑。
他们行动队和郝科长一起，全都转到了异能管理局下，成为了管理局的一号行动队。
郝科长见自己又回到了老领导手下干事，人都笑傻了，做事也更有干劲。
从方老觉醒异能这点来看，以后华夏乃至全世界觉醒异能已经成为一个大的趋势，阻无可阻。
现在他们要做的就是抢在异能者大量出现前，先把管理机构的框架搭建好，并整理出一套对异能者行之有效的管理手段。
王沐从监控视频中看到门外发生的事，紧张地咔嚓咔嚓啃萝卜干。
这萝卜干就是她侄子做给她吃的零食之一，甜中带辣，口感脆，吃了一根还想再吃一根。
大约注意到摄像头，后来的一批人中的一个抬手对着摄像头摆了摆，脸上还露出了让人安心的爽朗笑容。
不过这人带着一点痞子风，但并不让人讨厌。
王沐看着这名对她挥手的男子，脸忽然红了红。
这人长得真的很像游戏中那个军事要塞中对她很好，跟她有些暧昧的小队长。
不过两人从没有捅破过那一层，那名小队长很快被调走，她也离开了那个地方，之后两人就再也没有碰到过。
另外那小队长脸上有疤，这人没有。
而且王沐一直以为那小队长就是当地土著。
殊不知，这时那位小队长心里也在嘀咕，他看到王沐照片时就觉得这位很眼熟，他在游戏中有很喜欢一个洗衣女。
但他以为对方是土著，也不想跟游戏中人谈恋爱，在发现自己有陷下去的苗头时，就迅速找了个机会调走了。
王叶这时还不知道他姑马上就要有第二春了。
他在帮助方老觉醒，确定对方身体稳定后，就跑去了昆仑虚死亡谷查看情况。
这里确实有一个能量眼被激发了，那个雷电池就是能量眼。
这个能量眼也就如王叶推测的那样并没有大肆爆发，但被虫老他们说成是原始魔力的能量正在不断往外泄露。
王叶到达时，这边的研究队伍正在对外求救。
“信号断了！所有信号都传递不出去，卫星信号都没用！”求援的人急得要撞墙。
“科研一队进入死亡谷已经十天，二队进去找他们也没再出来，我们现在也联系不上外面，怎么办？”
“外面联系不上我们，肯定会派人来查看。我们会得救的。”
“得救？现在外面的人恐怕想进来也进不来吧？我们都找不到路出去！”
“到底发生了什么事？为什么短短两天，整个死亡谷内部和外围都像变了天一样？那些野兽看着体型越来越大，植物也越来越繁茂，还有那个雷电池，我们现在根本无法靠近，可我看到几只野兽进去了，它们出来会变成什么样？”
“冷静！这时我们自己千万不能乱，所有人跟我继续加固活动房。我们的食物还够，至少还能坚持半个月，我们还没到完全绝望的时候！”
七八个研究人员咚咚咚地拿出一切材料加固活动房，防止外面的野兽闯进来。
王叶看这几个人还能坚持，就暂时没管他们，只在他们外围布置了一个防守魔法阵，就再次进入死亡谷深处。
他要去找那两个失踪的科考队伍。
希望还能来得及救出几个人。
与此同时，特事部也有了大的动静。
异能管理局成立，确定异能存在，很多事上面就不想再等下去，更何况某人和其背后势力的手越伸越长，他们已经妨碍到正常工作。
挂在特事部下面的游戏研究局被取消了，内部人员全部被打散重新调派，不愿意接受调任的工作人员可以当场办离职。
王老秃无法接受这样的结果，他还想找人活动，但四名身穿制服的人出现在他面前，让他配合调查。
王老秃紧急联络某人，却发现他昨天还能打通的电话，今天竟然打不通了。
“你想联系某某？大概短时间内你是联系不上他了，他和境外势力有联系，昨天带着一些机密资料试图逃出国境线，现在人已经被控制。”
这个机密资料就包括隔壁小王的真实信息，以及华夏目前已知的异能觉醒者名单，包括隔壁小王能提供觉醒药剂，帮助他人觉醒异能的若干重要机密。
其中还有四名战士觉醒期间和觉醒失败后的全部数据，而这份证据也表明王老秃当时找的科研人员都有问题，包括他们拿出的药物。
“我不知道……”王老秃颓然。
王老秃德不配位，又自私自利，但他真的没有大胆到出卖国家的程度。
在知道自己被人利用后，王老秃把他做的事情全都交代，没有一丝隐瞒，尤其是和那人有关的。
不用说，他接下来的人生都将在铁窗后度过，王老秃后悔也来不及了。
负责调查他的人一直在询问他一个问题，那就是他把王叶的父母弄到哪里去了。
王老秃发誓自己全都交代了，他是真的不知道王叶父母去了哪里，他确实让人转移了那对男女，但途中他们就失踪了。
王老秃还以为是郝科长那边的行动队动的手。
第356章 救梵音
死亡谷深处原本是一片沙漠，里面却含有大量水分。
高山上出现沙漠原本是很古怪的一件事，科学家分析，就是因为这里海拔高，常年低温，沙子里的水也常年结冰，把沙子冻住，导致这里的沙子无法被风吹走，慢慢的就越积越多，这才会形成一片很大的沙漠。
可现在，王叶站在这里却再也看不到半点沙漠的影子。
半人高的灌木和野草密密麻麻长得整个山谷里全是，乍一看就好像一个高山草甸。
大量灌木还结出了一串串黄豆大的小果子，果子呈现紫黑色，有点像龙葵果。
王叶蹲下，仔细观察这种灌木。
他脑中早就扫描了地球已知的全部动植物资料，这种灌木原身是沙棘，却发生了变异。
王叶为了区分，给其取名变异黑沙棘。
这种变异黑沙棘不但枝叶都是黑色，它的根系也特别发达，可以深深扎入沙尘，并紧紧抓住砂砾。
而它的枝条上长满了像玫瑰枝条一样的利刺，且更锋利，并带有一点毒性。
王叶分别摘下根茎叶果进行鉴定，眼中出现亮色。
这个变异黑沙棘简直浑身都是宝！
他一直在寻找的虫蜜替代物，也终于出现了，比他在西伯荒野中找到的两种药植效果还要好。
就是变异黑沙棘的果实。
虽然有一定毒性，但这个毒性反而是促进基因进化的关键，只不过要配合其他药物进行调和，否则只疼痛就能让人疼死。
除了果实，其根茎叶刺中也包含同样的成分，只不过毒性更大。如果没有适合的药物调和，人类如果直接接触这种毒，在进化之前身体就先崩溃了。
“啊！”远处突然传来一声急促的惨叫。
王叶起身，身影一闪，就向惨叫传出的方向跑去。
李梵抓住自己的腿，疼得恨不得满地打滚。
但他不敢，周围全是这种可怕的毒性植物，上面还满是利刺。
他们已经吃到这种利刺的苦头，只要被刺破一点点皮，就能疼得让人想自杀！
敢在这里打滚，还不如直接结束自己的性命。
最重要的是，他不确定那怪物是否还在周围。
李梵咬紧嘴唇，不再用手去抓受伤的腿，而是捂住自己的嘴巴，让自己尽量不要发出声音。
这片突然长出来的沙漠灌木中有一种非常可怕的生物，它们隐藏在沙子底下，行动极为迅速，体型如变异的蜥蜴，对震动和声音都非常敏感，喜食肉，他们好些队员就是被那种怪物给拖走了。
李梵不知道和他同时出来找路的其他队员现在在哪里，他们刚才碰见那怪物，逃跑中就分散了。
他已经小心再小心，但这里的灌木实在太密集，利刺也太尖锐，哪怕他的腿脚上都裹了厚厚的布条，还是被扎了一个洞。
李梵见过被这种黑色灌木的毒刺扎中的同伴的下场。
他们带的药物根本无法去除这种毒素，放血也没用，最后他们那个同伴就那么活活疼死了，死时模样凄惨无比，身体肌肉和骨骼都融化了一样。
这之后，剩下的科考队员就把能穿的东西都裹到了身上。
唰！李梵听到周围传来响动。
是那种怪物！他还闻到了那怪物特有的腥味。
李梵的听力和嗅觉都特别好，身体素质也比其他队员更强，这也是他能活到现在的原因。
李梵知道自己跑不过那怪物，他握紧手中唯一的武器，一把水果刀，当即仰面躺在了地上。
怪物扑了过来，他看到了那扁平狭长的身体。
李梵两手紧握水果刀放在胸前，他只有一个机会！
噗嗤！
李梵睁大了眼睛。
原本向他扑过来的怪兽忽然变成两片，整整齐齐倒在距离他不到半尺的地方。
鲜红的血液和发黑的内脏流了一地，部分还落到了他身上。
原来怪物的血也是红色的，李梵有点不在状况地想到。
一名少年落到那怪物身边，弯腰似乎在检查那怪物。
没一会儿，怪物变成两片的身体消失。
李梵觉得自己大约是中毒太深，出现幻觉了。
少年走到了他身边。
“喂，你还要躺多久？”少年踢了踢他的腿。
李梵龇牙咧嘴，整个人苟成一团，他太疼了。
刚才因为太紧张，那剧烈痛楚才被他暂时忘记，可这会儿危险过去，精神放松，那无法忍耐的剧烈痛楚就传遍了全身。
王叶看向李梵腿部。
这人很聪明，用撕开的衣服布条把两条腿都裹了起来，一直裹到接近大腿根的部位。
但这里的灌木太密集，那些枝条和利刺也比较坚硬，这些布条已经被划得出现毛边，防护力度大大降低。
王叶按住这人的腿，撕开布条，查看他的受伤情况。
左腿膝盖上方被利刺划伤，伤口边缘已经发黑，可见这种利刺毒性之强。
王叶掏出一把小刀，割开伤口，查看伤口里面的情况。
随后又对这人的身体内部变化进行仔细探查和感知。
李梵疼得已经感觉不到有人在他身上动刀子。
王叶看到这人疼成这样，还知道把手臂塞到嘴里，用来堵住声音，避免引来怪物，不由对这人也有些佩服。
是个聪明人，还知道不拖累人，可惜运气不太好。
不过对方能碰到他，就证明他已经开始转运。 However, if the other party can touch him, it proves that he has started to transfer.
而且这人…… And this man ......
“木木，这人天赋和资质也很优秀啊，如果他能扛过变异黑沙棘的毒性，九成可以自然觉醒。”
"Mu Mu, this person's talent and qualifications are also very good, if he can withstand the toxicity of the mutated black sea buckthorn, ninety percent can awaken naturally."
王叶啧啧称奇，这个人的天赋竟然比他见到的那个导游何连莲还要强，跟那位方老差不多。
Wang Ye was amazed, this person's talent was even stronger than the tour guide He Lianlian he had seen, and it was almost the same as that Fang Lao.
不过方老因为年龄太大，所以他的潜力其实并没有眼前这个年轻人好。
However, because Fang Lao was too old, his potential was actually not as good as the young man in front of him.
如果这个年轻人觉醒，他必将成为目前的华夏异能第一人，不算他的话。
If this young man awakens, he will definitely become the current first person in Huaxia's ability, not counting him.
“他在觉醒之前就会先疼死，这种灌木的毒性很霸道。”雷木的细丝伸出，扎入灌木丛的根部，吸收了一点这种植物的毒性。
"He will die of pain before he awakens, and the toxicity of this shrub is very domineering." The filaments of the thunderwood stick out and penetrate into the roots of the bushes, absorbing a little of the plant's toxicity.
味道不错，似乎还可以多吸收一点。 It tastes good and seems to be able to absorb a little more.
雷木的细丝开始在灌木丛中游走吃饭。 The filaments of Thunderwood began to wander through the bushes to eat.
王叶已经不是第一次看到雷木的细丝蔓延出来，在西伯荒野，雷木就这么干过，一般都是看到他认为比较美味的植物。
It was not the first time that Wang Ye had seen the filaments of Lei Mu spread out, in the Xibo Wilderness, Lei Mu had done this, and he usually saw plants that he thought were more delicious.
王叶总觉得雷木似乎不太像一个正经的生命之树。 Wang Ye always felt that Lei Mu didn't seem to be quite like a serious tree of life.
不过不管雷木变成怎样，只要灵魂不变，都是他的木木啦~
But no matter what Lei Mu becomes, as long as his soul remains the same, it's all his Mu Mu~
王叶蹲在李梵面前，拍拍他：“兄弟，能听见我的话吗？我可以帮你解毒，但这种毒性比较特殊，它相当于正在改造你的身体，如果我给你解毒，就相当于打断了这个改造过程。”
Wang Ye squatted in front of Li Fan and patted him: "Brother, can you hear me?" I can help you detoxify, but this toxicity is special, it is equivalent to transforming your body, and if I detoxify you, it is equivalent to interrupting the transformation process. ”
“这个改造过程也叫进化，同时能一定程度地帮助你觉醒异能，一旦打断，你下次再想要觉醒，就会变得异常困难。你可以理解为觉醒的门槛一次比一次高，尤其在你身体进化了一部分后。”
"This transformation process is also called evolution, and it can help you awaken your ability to a certain extent, and once you interrupt, it will become extremely difficult for you to awaken the next time. You can understand that the threshold for awakening is getting higher and higher every time, especially after your body has evolved partially. ”
“如果我不给你解毒，而是帮你进行精神力疏导，再给你配一些稳定这种毒性发挥促进进化作用的药剂，那么你就有六成可能自然觉醒，从此成为异能者。你想选择哪一个？”
"If I don't give you an antidote, but help you with mental channeling, and then give you some potions that stabilize this toxicity and promote evolution, then you have a sixty percent chance of awakening naturally and becoming a supernatural from now on. Which one do you want to choose? ”
李梵疼得满头满脸的冷汗，他已经把自己缠得厚厚的衣袖咬破：我一定是产生了幻觉，现在还产生了幻听，让我彻底昏过去吧！
王叶看他这样，也没办法商量，只能按住他的头，暂时帮他隔绝痛苦。
李梵忽然感到疼痛全去，当即喜极而泣。
紧接着，他也总算确定他看到的少年不是幻觉，包括听到的声音。
因为那少年又把刚才的话跟他说了一遍，并让他选择。
哦，他还加了价格。
只解毒，十万。
精神疏导和配制进化药剂，帮助觉醒异能，一百万。
李梵抹抹脸上的冷汗，因为疼痛而扭曲的五官也总算有了一点人样，他就躺在地上，看向少年。
如果没有这个少年，今天他将必死无疑。
不说其他，只冲这少年救了他，他也愿意付出一百万。
所以他根本不在乎少年是不是骗子，是不是在耍他玩。
再说这段时间他所经历的一切，让他更偏向于相信这个少年。
觉醒异能、身体进化很古怪？
那沙漠突然变成灌木丛，动物和昆虫突然变成怪物就不古怪了吗？
更不要提附近那片原始森林，那些疯狂生长的植物把他们出去的路都给封住了。
还有那雷电池，不断劈下的雷电……
“我选择，觉醒异能。”
“明智的选择！一百万买一个异能，到哪里找这样的好事，换了我，我也答应。对了，你叫什么名字？”王叶问。
这青年看着似乎有点眼熟？他是不是在哪里见过对方？
“李梵。”李梵想要坐起身，却发现全身无力。
王叶用手按住他，“你别乱动，我只是暂时隔绝了你的痛觉，并没有为你解毒。你玩《极度危险》吗？”
李梵：“……玩。”
“你的游戏名是什么？”
李梵觉得古怪，但还是回答道：“梵音不绝升天入地。”
游戏名在游戏中用没什么，但拿到现实来说，还是很尴尬的，这名字还特别中二。
谁让当年刚进游戏的他才是大二的学生。
说起来曾经他也是游戏中数一数二的存在，排第一的是隔壁小王，第二就是他。不过他已经有一段时间没有玩游戏了，早就从排行榜上掉下来。
王叶挑眉，果然是熟人。
“你从医学院毕业了，还是转职了？”
“我还没毕业，我现在……等等！”李梵惊讶：“你认识我？”
“我和你做过副本任务，陨星魔法学校的药园副本，还记得吗？”王叶笑嘻嘻道。
认真说来，他和玩家下过的副本就这一个。五年后再见，不但是在现实中，还是在对方生死存亡之际，也算有缘了。
李梵猛地睁大眼睛，脱口喊出：“隔壁小王！”
“我还以为你会叫我小叶子。”王叶笑。
李梵激动：“我知道你是小叶子，不过我们也猜测你就是隔壁小王。”
“你们？”
“就是当年那个副本另外三个玩家，碎月、老王还有老李。因为你，我们一直都有联系，后来我太忙了，他们也都各自有自己的生活，大概两年前就不怎么联系了，不过我们有微信群，逢年过节也会发发红包问声好。”李梵是真的高兴。
他万没想到他竟然会在这里碰到隔壁小王。
这可是隔壁小王。
李梵甚至在打量少年后，笑出来：“还真是隔壁‘小’王，五年前你多大？有十岁吗？”
“八岁。”
“哇，原来我真的和小学生一起玩游戏。”李梵大笑。
王叶很想收手，让他重新感觉变异黑沙棘的毒性威力。
“就算我们认识，也不能打折。不过可以让你先享受后付款。”王叶正儿八经地道。
好歹一起下过副本，四舍五入也是熟人了，李梵面对少年就显得轻松许多，还能开玩笑：“不用打折，不过你真的能让我觉醒异能？我怎么觉得这么虚幻呢？我怀疑我现在很可能已经毒发，现在我经历的一切其实都是我的幻想。”
“没错，就是幻想，你可以好好幻想一下你想觉醒什么样的异能，并且抱着一定要觉醒的决心，否则就算有我辅助，你也有四成可能无法觉醒。”
“好的，我一定会努力让自己觉醒。”
“那么做好准备吧，我要开始配药了。”
“嗯嗯，我已经做好准备。”李梵天真地道。
王叶冲他微微一笑，松开手。
李梵还回了王叶一个笑脸。
“啊啊啊——！”猝不及防下，李梵被极致的痛楚给淹没了。
这次他压根就没来得及塞住嘴巴。
王叶为了防止李梵乱滚和胡乱挣扎，导致受伤更重，就对他使用了一个禁锢魔法，让他身体不能动弹。
又因为李梵叫得太惨太难听，把他的声音也给封了。
李梵：让我死吧！
王叶拿出材料开始迅速配药。
李梵感觉时间过去很长，期间似乎有人抬起头，给他喂下了什么。
他根本无法吞咽，但这对于对方来说似乎完全不是问题。
总之，他还是把某种极为苦涩的液体给吞了下去。
之后疼痛似乎降低了许多，再之后，他感到自己似乎回到了母亲的子宫中一般，安全、温暖、舒适……
“你在游戏中有学习什么功法吗？现在，运行它！”一道声音传入耳中。
李梵想笑，他这是在玩游戏吗？
原来他是在玩游戏，他在游戏中的职业是魔法师，他曾经得到过一本魔法书，后来又花重金拜了一名六级魔法师为师。
功法？
指的是冥想术吗？
那他就开始冥想好了。
魔法师的冥想就是研究魔法的过程，他们在脑中搭建魔法结构、理解魔法的原理、呼唤魔法的因子、感知魔力，再把魔法使用出来。
而他用的最好的魔法就是……
“轰！”
明红色的火焰包裹住了青年的躯体，周围的灌木丛和野草因为高温都弯曲了起来。
王叶布置了一个隔离魔法阵，同时继续给出引导，让青年能尽快掌控自己的异能，避免自己把自己烧成一团灰。
他对方老也做过同样的引导，这样可以让被引导者少走弯路，更可以避免对自己和对周围的巨大伤害。
但对于姚浩，他就没有这么做。这主要是姚浩觉醒的异能威力很小，对自己、对他人都没有多少伤害性。
不是说光系异能不强大，相反这是一个非常强大的异能。
但同样的异能，有人能毁天灭地，有人只能当个灯泡或隐一个脑袋。
王叶和姚浩也没有多少交情，能帮他觉醒就算不错，自然不会在他身上多费事。
姚浩想提升，好好修行他的圣战士功法就可以。
但方老和李梵都是资质天赋非凡的人，他们不觉醒也就算了，一旦觉醒，那声势就绝对不小，而且他们不了解异能，不知道要使用功法，这就会导致他们无法控制，以至于非自愿地酿成大灾祸。
而且方老身份特殊，为人也不错，王叶也希望官方能有一个人品过硬的强大异能者，这才会尽心尽力地帮助其、引导其。
方老很有意思，觉醒异能后真的付了他九万八。
王叶也真的收下了，他这已经是一折的价格，够优惠了。
至于李梵，一来是下过副本的交情，二来王叶对他印象还不错，三来……也是最重要的一点，王叶可不想一场大火毁掉这片变异黑沙棘。
虽然也许毁不了多少。
另外就是王叶想要看看这种变异黑沙棘的毒配合他的药剂后，可以让人体进化到什么程度。
对，李梵很幸运，他不仅能觉醒异能，他的身体体质还在觉醒的过程中进化了。
这就相当于李梵在服用了基因进化药剂的基础上，又进行了异能觉醒。
这大概也能算得上大难不死必有后福的典型了。
见李梵情况已经趋于稳定，王叶打开了因果卷。
他想看看李梵上一辈子的结局。
在他的记忆中，梵音这个人在上辈子后期的游戏中一直没有出现，他当时就怀疑这人要么是在现实中出了事，要么就是不玩游戏了。
果然，上辈子李梵死在了这次科考中，先中毒，之后被沙漠怪蜥吃掉，死得相当凄惨。
王叶心神微动，虽然因果卷展示的内容不多，但王叶也从只字片语中找到了一些细节。
李梵的死证明上辈子死亡谷这边也出现了同样的异变。
换言之，哪怕没有他，死亡谷依然会出现雷电池，而这片沙漠也依然会变成变异黑沙棘的天下，周围的动植物也出现了各种变化。
一些原本常见的生物甚至不止是体型变大或缩小，它们还出现了本质的异变，比如那些沙漠怪蜥。
地球已经开始变化，只是上辈子官方很可能为了不造成民众恐慌，隐藏了这个消息。
至少到他上辈子死亡那天为止，世界看起来都还跟以前一样。
第357章 我们是佣兵
王叶看李梵还在昏睡中，这是觉醒后的正常表现，就把人收进虫巢隔离间，继续去寻找其他科考队员。
途中，再次经过那个雷电池。
这片地界不见任何植物和生物，到处都是雷电。
而所有雷电都被那个雷电池吸引，最终都会落到那个雷电池中。
王叶见此，不住摇头。
再这样下去，这个能量眼可坚持不了多久，说不定比西伯荒野的那个还要快爆发。
怎么办？
“叶子，去把那个雷电池收进虫巢。”雷木忽然道。 "Leaf, go get that thunder battery into the hive." Lei Mu said suddenly.
王叶惊讶：“收那东西干嘛？”
不过雷木想要，那就收好了。
雷木：“这东西收进来会对你、还有对大家都有好处，相信我。这是传承告诉我的。”
王叶重视起来，盯着雷电池，脑子转得飞快，他在想要如何收起这个雷电池。
雷木既然开口，自然有了办法：“你还记得你施展过的提炼魔法阵吗？”
王叶眼睛一亮。
“啾啾~”一只小虫子飞过来，竟然发出了像是小鸟一样清脆的鸣叫声。
王叶转头，伸出手指点了点这只浮游光虫。
这是小光重点培养的手下之一，似乎特别向往变成一只鸟，不但翅膀有点毛茸茸，就连叫声都越来越像鸟儿靠近。
除此之外，小雀——他给这只浮游光虫取的名字，也非常聪明，已经接近开智。
原本小光带领的浮游光虫都是一群最底层的农民虫，没有任何智慧可言，只会按照本能和听令行事，但在虫巢好吃好喝地养了这么久，又被小光调教了这么久，还经常看电视看电影，慢慢的这群虫子已经在向半智慧生物转变。
王叶不反对小雀它们转为智慧生物，只是一旦浮游光虫大量转为智慧生物，他以后想要地球双月星两边跑，那花费的经验值就海了去了。
不过真要到那时候，也不是没办法解决。
“啾啾~”
“知道了，别催了，我现在就过去。”
小雀是来传信的，告诉他虫老发现了其他科考队员。
为了早点找到人，虫老提出建议，他、靳蜘蛛、小光和王叶分成四个方向，各自在死亡谷中寻找幸存者，同时也仔细查看一下这个死亡谷的现况。
王叶看看雷电池，这东西留在这儿也跑不掉，不如等把能救的人都救下来，再来弄这个雷电池。
雷木当然不介意王叶什么时候弄，他只要引起小叶子对这个雷电池的重视就可以。
王叶跟着小雀赶到虫老那里，发现了一辆科考用水陆两用房车。
车子停在一块巨大的岩石上，还有人住在车子里，一共有十一个人，一人重伤，多人轻伤。
The car was parked on a huge rock, and there were still people living in the car, a total of eleven people, one seriously injured and many slightly injured.
重伤的是一名半百女士。 The one who was seriously injured was a half-hundred lady.
从另外两人对半百女士的称呼来看，这位竟然就是科考队的队长，一名量子学博士。
Judging from the other two's address to the Half Hundred Lady, this is actually the captain of the scientific expedition team, a doctor of quantum science.
为什么量子学博士会跑到这里，还是带队者？ Why did the Ph.D. in quantum science come here, or the leader?
这就跟这里新出现的能量以及那个雷电池有很大关系。 It has a lot to do with the new energy here and the thunder battery.
有事无解，量子学。 There is no solution to something, quantum.
量子学就是这么个神奇的存在。
当然，这是民间说法，这位负责带队的林青城女士，人家可是实实在在的学术大拿，和某些砖家绝不是同一个性质。
可也就因为这位太牛了，跑到这里后竟然真的给这位研究出了一二三。
好么，这下这位大拿就不肯走了。
在周围环境开始变异后，负责保护他们的战士就劝他们离开。
林博士嘴巴上答应得好好，也确实让一些人离开了，但她耍了个花招，自己偷偷留下了。
可能队长是这样的人，这支队伍中其他研究员也都比较不怕死，跟她一样不愿离去偷偷留下的研究员还不少。
谁想，就这么一拖二拖，就再也出不去了。
保护科考队的战士们特别焦急，林博士可是重点保护的科研大拿，谁出事她都不能出事。
林博士也急，她自己出不去无所谓，她甚至不介意牺牲自己。讲真，研究量子学的人认为生命就是量子存在的一种方式，死了只是换一种方式。
但她这半年来的研究资料传不出去就太可惜了。
这些资料多宝贵啊，如果传出去，说不定能掀起一场能源革命。
能不断循环利用的能源，还有自洁功能，无污染、无辐射，除了不好捕捉、能量也比较暴烈这两个缺点以外，那真的是再优秀不过。清洁核能和它比，都得扔。
为了能和外面联系上，战士们想尽一切办法，可怎么都不行。
林博士这个人怎么说呢，就是那种非常典型的高智商、低情商的人。
否则她也不会非要偷偷留下来。
但在看到保护她的战士一个个减少，不是在找路途中失踪，就是为了保护他们而被怪兽拖走。
林博士沉默了，她不知道该怎样描述自己的心情，只知道很难受，非常难受。
无能的人只会唉声叹气怨天尤人，而聪明并有责任心的人会想办法解决问题。
林博士开始试图用她的知识、用她所有会的一切来帮助周围的人，不止是寻路，更是帮助大家活下去，坚持到救援前来。
救援其实早就来了，但队伍都被堵在了外面，就连空中都无法进入。
整个死亡谷都被奇怪的能量包裹，磁场全部混乱。
林博士用车中的研究仪器自己拼接调整，制造了一台能接收和输出新能量的仪器。
她用这台仪器撑起了一个保护罩，保住了剩下的六名战士和四名科考人员，同时还不断往外发出讯号，试图让别人知道他们被困在这里。
林博士的努力没有白费，进入死亡谷的第一支科考队伍最终保下了十一个人。
反倒是从营地跑来找人的第二支科考队伍如今人员分散，还不知道能存活几个。
林博士不仅做出了保护罩，她还在试图缩小保护罩到每个人身上，同时还想用新能量制作武器。
而她会重伤，就是在改造新能量武器时，能量爆炸，被炸伤。
但就算重伤，林博士也不打算什么都不做，对于她来说，只要脑子还能动，她就不想休息。
她自己不能动，就指挥另外四名科考队员以及六名战士，再次试图制作新能量武器。
林博士有预感，只要她能制作出新能量武器，他们一定会从这个死亡谷冲出去，说不定不用救援，就能回到文明世界。
虫老看到这辆车子，确定里面都是活人，并且精神正常后，就在车子面前亮了相。
看到一名衣着整齐干净，就像是刚从宴会厅出来，一派贵族风的帅气中年男子，悠悠哉哉地站在车外，车内的战士和科考人员表情都不正常了。
他们这是产生幻觉了吗？
十个人互看，确定他们每个人都看到了。
所以这是集体幻觉？
最可怕的是，他们看到那用枪都不容易打死的沙漠怪蜥从后面扑向那帅中年。
那帅中年似乎什么都没做，只是扬了扬手。
那只沙漠怪蜥就在半空被分解了。
就那么五分钟时间，帅中年身边已经死了六只沙漠怪蜥。
哦，确定了，这一定是幻觉。
大概是他们今天吃的食物有问题。
帅中年见没有沙漠怪蜥过来，走上前，敲了敲车门，用标准的华夏语问道：“是科考队员吗？我们是草木皆兵佣兵队，接了特事部的雇佣过来救人。”
车内战士和科考队成员：“……”
佣兵队很正常，就是在他们国家活动的非常少，更不要说和官方组织合作。
所有人都看向了他们的大脑，林博士。
林博士皱眉，这个帅中年虽然说了一口标准的华夏语，但他的五官比较立体深邃，如果是少数民族还好，就怕是外国间谍。
Dr. Lin frowned, although this handsome middle-aged man spoke standard Chinese, his facial features were relatively three-dimensional and deep, if it was an ethnic minority, he was afraid that he would be a foreign spy.
新能源的事，事关重大。 The stakes are high for new energy.
不过这事目前只有他们这些人知道，消息根本不可能这么快就传出去。
所以对方到底为什么而来？
真的是来救他们的？ Is it really here to save them?
但就一个人？ But just one person?
而且这人的穿着打扮，哪里像历经千辛万苦一路杀进来的雇佣兵？
And where is this person's dress, like a mercenary who has gone through a lot of hardships and killed all the way?
这人甚至连个像样的武器都没有！ This man doesn't even have a decent weapon!
“不要开门。”林博士郑重道。 "Don't open the door." Dr. Lin said solemnly.
于是，虫老只好让浮游光虫们去找他徒弟了。 So, the worm old man had no choice but to let the planktonic light insects go to his apprentice.
就这么一个简陋的魔法保护罩，他随便就能进，但他不想引起误会。
With such a rudimentary magic shield, he could enter casually, but he didn't want to cause misunderstanding.
最主要的是，这个魔法保护罩也不知道是哪个败家子制作的，这么一个简单的保护罩竟然用了那么多能量，而且保护罩结构还极为不稳定。
The most important thing is that I don't know which loser made this magic shield, such a simple shield uses so much energy, and the structure of the shield is extremely unstable.
如果他强行突破进去，就怕这个保护罩里的魔力因为不稳定造成爆炸。
If he forcibly broke through, he was afraid that the magic in this protective shield would explode due to instability.
到时候他没事，但这车里的幸存者们就难说了。 He'll be fine then, but it's hard to say about the survivors in the car.
王叶赶来了。 Wang Ye arrived.
车内众人看到又多了一名小少年，更觉得古怪。 Everyone in the car saw that there was another little boy, and they felt even more strange.
这个雇佣兵团队也太不讲究了吧，不穿战斗服、不配武器也就算了，怎么连这么小的孩子也拉出来做任务？
This mercenary team is too unsophisticated, it doesn't matter if you don't wear combat uniforms and weapons, how can you even pull such a young child out to do tasks?
不知道这里有多危险吗？ Don't know how dangerous it is here?
“这是魔法保护罩？怎么这么奇怪？师父，这不会是你搞的吧？这也太……呵呵。”王叶用疑惑又有点嘲笑的神情睨虫老。
"This is a magic shield? Why is it so weird? Master, you can't do this, do you? It's also too ...... Hehe. Wang Ye looked at the old insect with a puzzled and somewhat mocking expression.
虫老抬手就敲徒弟后脑勺：“别贫嘴，你把这个保护罩的能量架构修改一下，让它稳定下来。”
The insect elder raised his hand and knocked the back of the apprentice's head: "Don't be poor, you modify the energy structure of this protective shield to stabilize it." ”
“是。”王叶立刻开始忙活，伸手一拉一牵，无影无形的能量就被他引动了。
"Yes." Wang Ye immediately began to get busy, stretched out his hand and pulled it, and the shadowless and invisible energy was attracted by him.
车子里，作为新能量发射器的仪器发出了嘀的一声提醒。
Inside the car, the instrument that is the new energy transmitter makes a beeping reminder.
“推我过去！”林博士突然道。 "Push me through!" Dr. Lin said suddenly.
她旁边的一名助手一愣，但还是迅速把林博士推到那新能量发射器前。
An assistant next to her was stunned, but quickly pushed Dr. Lin to the new energy transmitter.
林博士眼睛亮晶晶地看着屏幕上数据跳动。 Dr. Lin's eyes sparkled as he watched the data jump on the screen.
“原来还可以这样，原来应该使用这个参数，等等，这是什么意思？慢一点，再慢一点！”
"It turns out that it's okay, it turns out that this parameter should be used, wait, what does that mean? Slow down, slow down! ”
王叶在外面手动的速度越来越快，他能凝空布置魔法阵，不过改个魔力保护罩的能量架构，小意思。
Wang Ye's manual speed outside is getting faster and faster, and he can condense the air to arrange the magic array, but change the energy structure of the magic power protection cover, which is trivial.
把太多的能量通过转接点，分出一百零八股，宛如经纬线一样包裹住整个车体。
Too much energy is passed through the transfer point, and one hundred and eight strands are separated, wrapping the entire car body like warp and weft lines.
当有人攻击车体，这些能量经纬线可以自动吸收攻击能量，再转移到整个保护罩上。
When someone attacks the vehicle body, these energy warps and wefts can automatically absorb the attack energy and transfer it to the entire protective cover.
最后切断保护罩和能量供应源头的联系。 Finally, the connection between the protective cover and the source of the energy supply is severed.
如此那能量供应源头再危险，也不用担心影响到保护罩。
In this way, no matter how dangerous the source of energy supply is, there is no need to worry about affecting the protective cover.
包括那能量供应源头在保护罩内炸开，也不会让爆炸波波及周围环境。
Even if the source of the energy supply explodes inside the protective shield, it will not allow the blast wave to spread to the surrounding environment.
就是里面的人很可能都无法保下来。 It's that the people inside are likely not to be able to survive.
为了确保车里的人不会在不知情情况下作死，王叶顺手把外界的能量传输通道也给截断，如此那车内的能量供应源头就再也不能吸收新的能量。
In order to ensure that the people in the car would not die without knowing it, Wang Ye also cut off the energy transmission channel from the outside world, so that the energy supply source in the car could no longer absorb new energy.
林博士看着显示屏，越看越激动，当即就对守护战士们说：“开门！让他们进来。”
Dr. Lin looked at the display, the more he looked at it, the more excited he became, and immediately said to the guardian soldiers, "Open the door!" Let them in. ”
战士皱眉，不是很同意让那两个奇怪的佣兵进入车内。 The warrior frowned, not quite agreeing to let the two strange mercenaries into the car.
林博士竟然笑了出来：“我不知道他们做了什么，但他们解决了我一个大难题。这么说吧，他们对新能量的研究比我要精通得多，如果我只是在尝试截留，他们则已经开始运用。让他们进来吧。”
Dr. Lin actually laughed: "I don't know what they did, but they solved a big problem for me." Let's just say that they are much more proficient in the study of new energies than I do, and if I'm just trying to intercept them, they're already starting to use them. Let them in. ”
战士们最后到底还是打开了车门。 The fighters finally opened the door.
因为那少年拿出了一张印有大红章的文件。 Because the boy took out a document with a big red stamp.
战士们凑到窗口去看，就看那真的是一张委托救人的雇佣契约。
The soldiers went to the window to see that it was really a contract of employment entrusted with the rescue of people.
而委托方，他们也熟，就是国家特殊事务管理部。 And the entrusting party, they are also familiar with, is the Ministry of State Special Affairs Administration.
这份文件，还是方老半夜打电话叫郝科长送来的，包括一份正式的救人雇佣契约。
This document was sent by Fang Lao in the middle of the night by calling Section Chief Hao, including a formal employment contract for saving people.
救出一人给十万。 Rescue one person to give 100,000.
救出林博士给五百万。 Rescue Dr. Lin to give five million.
带回所有研究资料和相关仪器，按照珍贵程度，另付十万到百万的报酬。
Bring back all the research materials and related equipment, and pay an additional 100,000 to 100,000 to 100,000 according to the degree of preciousness.
方老活得久，睿智已经难以形容他，他知道想要让马儿跑就一定要给马儿吃草，还要吃好喝好。
Fang Lao has lived for a long time, and his wisdom is indescribable for him, he knows that if he wants the horses to run, he must give the horses grass, and eat and drink well.
否则有能力的马儿到哪儿发财不行，非要帮你？ Otherwise, where can the capable horses go to make a fortune, they have to help you?
用大义压人？搞道德绑架？ Oppressing people with righteousness? Engage in moral kidnapping?
不不不，咱们官方不玩这一套。 No, no, no, we don't officially play this set.
国家爸爸财大气粗，绝不会让己方人员流血又流泪。 The father of the country has a lot of money, and he will never let his own personnel shed blood and tears.
你付出多少，我们就付出多少，咱们等价交换。 We will pay as much as you give, and we will exchange it at the same price.
只要你别狮子大开口，而我们觉得有价值，那么一切都好谈。
As long as you don't open your mouth, and we find it valuable, then everything is easy to talk about.
王叶就是个有着重大养家压力的小市民，永远都觉得手上的钱财不够花，看到这份雇佣乐得眉开眼笑，屁颠颠地就跑来救人了。
Wang Ye is a small citizen with great pressure to support his family, and he always feels that the money in his hand is not enough to spend.
反正他也要过来一趟。 He's going to come over anyway.
车门打开，战士们还十分防备师徒两人。 The door opened, and the soldiers were still very wary of the master and apprentice.
王叶抬手，快速道：“我们还要去救其他人，你们是不是有受伤的人？有撑不下去的吗？赶紧说。”
Wang Ye raised his hand and said quickly: "We still have to save others, are there any injured people among you?" Is there anything that can't hold on? Hurry up and say. ”
车内众人下意识看向林博士。 Everyone in the car subconsciously looked at Dr. Lin.
王叶早就发现车内受伤最重的就是这位半百女士。 Wang Ye had already discovered that the most seriously injured lady in the car was this half-hundred lady.
“师父，麻烦您去找找科考二队的人。老靳和小光到现在还没消息，很可能已经发现他们，不过那些人都跑散了，想要一个个解救也不容易。”王叶对虫老道。
"Master, please go find someone from the second team of the scientific expedition. Lao Jin and Xiaoguang have not heard from them yet, and it is likely that they have been discovered, but those people have all run away, and it is not easy to rescue them one by one. "Wang Ye said to the insects.
虫老就没进车内，“行，我去找他们，等会儿带他们来这边。”
The worm didn't get into the car, "Okay, I'll go find them, and I'll bring them here later." ”
“不用来这边，直接去那个临时营地。”王叶扬声。 "Don't use it here, go straight to that makeshift camp." Wang Ye raised his voice.
车内的战士和科考队员就见那帅中年一个飞跃，人就不见了。
The soldiers and members of the scientific expedition team in the car saw the handsome middle-aged man take a leap, and the person disappeared.
不、见、了！ No, see, yes!
能、飞、跃！ Fly, Fly, Leap!
唰！车内所有人都盯向了少年。 Swish! Everyone in the car stared at the teenager.
王叶可亲切地招呼：“这位女士，我先给你治疗一下哈，免得你半途就坚持不住。对了，你们饿么渴么？我这里还有一些食物。”
Wang Yeke greeted cordially: "This lady, I'll treat you first, lest you can't hold on halfway." By the way, are you hungry and thirsty? I still have some food here. ”
王叶凭空掏出好几只还冒着热气的烤鸭，以及配套的面饼皮、配菜和甜面酱。
Wang Ye took out several steaming roast ducks out of thin air, as well as matching dough crusts, side dishes and sweet noodle sauce.
“你们自己拿去分。这壶是奶茶，我自己做的，绝对比外面的好喝，每个人都最少喝一杯，能补充你们的体力和精力，还能稳定你们的精神。来来来，别客气~”
"Take it for yourselves. This pot is milk tea, I made it myself, it is definitely better than the outside, everyone drinks at least one glass, which can replenish your physical strength and energy, and stabilize your spirit. Come on, come on, you're welcome~"
“你……东西是哪里掏出来的？”负责保护科考队员的战士队长忍不住问道。
"You...... Where did the stuff come out? The captain of the warrior who was in charge of protecting the members of the expedition couldn't help but ask.
王叶指了指自己手腕上的细丝：“空间手镯，看见没有？”
Wang Ye pointed to the filament on his wrist: "Space bracelet, do you see it?" ”
车内众人：“……”你就驴我们吧！ Everyone in the car: "......, you donkey us!"
林博士却撑着要坐起来，还兴致高昂地问：“真的是空间手镯？快让我看看。”
Dr. Lin insisted on sitting up, and asked with high interest, "Is it really a space bracelet?" Let me see. ”
王叶随便就拨开了想要隔开他和林博士的保护者们。 Wang Ye casually pushed aside the protectors who wanted to separate him from Dr. Lin.
几名战士心惊，互看。 Several fighters were frightened and looked at each other.
这少年好大的力气。 This boy has a lot of strength.
战士队长伸手去抓王叶，却发现抓了个空。 The captain of the warrior reached out to grab Wang Ye, but found that he had caught a void.
其他战士还想动手，队长抬手，示意停止一切攻击。 The other fighters still wanted to make a move, but the captain raised his hand and signaled to stop all attacks.
他已经确定，这个男孩如果真的想伤害他们，他们所有人都不会是对手。
He had already determined that none of them would be opponents if the boy really wanted to hurt them.
王叶挤到林博士面前，一把抓住她的手腕，因果之力送入她体内。
Wang Ye squeezed in front of Dr. Lin, grabbed her wrist, and sent the power of cause and effect into her body.
“啧，不知道的还以为您和魔法师干架了，您这身内外伤完全就是被魔力炸伤造成。”
"Tsk, I don't know, I thought you and the magician had a fight, and your internal and external injuries were completely caused by the magic explosion."
“魔力？”林博士不但没有斥责少年胡说八道，反而像是抓住了什么关键：“你说新能量是魔力？你知道这种能量？你会应用它？”
"Magic?" Instead of reprimanding the teenager for talking nonsense, Dr. Lin seemed to grasp the key: "You say that new energy is magic? Do you know this energy? Will you apply it? ”
“先别急，你伤得很重，如果再拖两天，大罗金仙也救不回你。嗯，药剂，你大概是不会想喝的，说不定还以为我会害你，还好这边能量充足，我就这么直接给您治疗吧。”
"Don't worry, you're seriously injured, if it drags on for another two days, Da Luo Jinxian won't be able to save you. Well, the potion, you probably won't want to drink it, maybe you think I'm going to hurt you, but fortunately, there is enough energy here, so I'll treat you directly. ”
王叶冲着林博士特别友善的一笑。 Wang Ye smiled at Dr. Lin very kindly.
这位可是五百万！ That's five million!
第358章 收取雷电池 Chapter 358 Collect Thunder Battery
林博士能站起来时，脸上的惊讶还没有消退。 The surprise on Dr. Lin's face had not subsided when he was able to stand up.
她看王叶的目光极为火热，那是属于科学家对未知的好奇心。
She looked at Wang Ye's eyes extremely hot, which belonged to the scientist's curiosity about the unknown.
王叶不但把林博士的伤势治疗了个五六分，他还把其他受伤导致行动不便的人全都治疗了一遍。
Wang Ye not only treated Dr. Lin's injuries for five or six points, but he also treated all other people who were injured and had difficulty moving.
不过他没把人都完全治疗好，只是保证让他们不死，至于事后疗养和恢复，则可以在医院进行。
However, he did not completely cure all the people, but only promised that they would not die, and as for the subsequent recuperation and recovery, it could be carried out in the hospital.
完全治疗好就有点夸张了，这样正正好。 It's a bit of an exaggeration to treat it completely, so it's just right.
在看到一位年龄不到二十的小战士时，王叶对他笑了笑。
这位的松果体也被点亮了，不过距离自然觉醒还差一些，论天赋的话，大约和姚浩差不多。
“走吧，我送你们出去。”林博士等人还在想这位少年要怎么护送他们出去，忽觉眼前一暗，就没了知觉。
王叶把人连同科考车一起收入虫巢隔离间，随即就去寻找其他人。
空中出现一只巨大的蜘蛛。
“叶子，东边三点六百二十米。”
“昆海，你西边五点一百五十米。”
王叶对天空仰头拱了拱手，还是靳蜘蛛反应快，这里有魔力，且还算充足，那么自然就可以用魔法寻找人了。
蜘蛛作为十级魔器，它的探测功能自然无比强大，这里磁场混乱，但这对这只蜘蛛来说就不是事，它只要锁定人类的精神力就可以找到想要找到的人。
有靳蜘蛛在天空指明方向，找人就容易多了。
而且靳蜘蛛可以分辨最低微的精神力，只要还是活人，只要还有一口气，他就能找出来。
如此，王叶和虫老又救出了七个人。
这七个人中有四个都被沙漠怪蜥拖入巢穴，就剩一口气了。
但王叶和虫老直接杀入沙漠怪蜥的巢穴，把人给救了出来。
只剩一口气也没问题，无论是虫老还是王叶都有办法把人给救回来。
确定死亡谷再也没有活人，王叶、虫老、靳蜘蛛和小光集合，随后就奔向死亡谷外的临时营地。
那临时营地中的人还奇怪为什么之前攻击他们的野兽都只在外围转悠，却没有扑向他们的营地。
王叶没和这营地的人见面，直接把他们弄昏过去，连同整个简易房一起收进虫巢。
收简易房和车子是为了里面的仪器。
这里面许多仪器十分昂贵，丢了太过可惜，而且带回去也同样有奖励金拿。
虽然在死亡谷外围，也不代表这里安全。
王叶还记得过来时看到的营救大队营地，这个营地位于国家保护区入口处。
现在整个保护区已经变成原始森林，里面危险异常，救援队伍几次试探都无法深入。
王叶走出森林时，还带回了被困的一支特种小队。
这支特种小队被困的最大原因不是被变异野兽盯上，毕竟他们手中的枪支武器也不是吃素的，而是这支十人小队中竟然有两人相继昏倒，一人更是原因不明的高烧不退。
这两人也就幸亏遇到了王叶，否则结果真的很难说。
王叶一边嘀咕亏了，一边给那两个昏迷的人分别灌下了一瓶觉醒药剂，并对那名高烧的战士做精神力疏导和引导。
等到两名战士醒了，王叶给他们一人都下了一个能力封印暗示。
这个暗示不算很强，只是让这两人暂时使不出能力，等到他们精神力稳定并接受自己觉醒的事实后，自然而然就能突破封印。
王叶下这个暗示，一是懒得做解释，二是想给方老他们送一点人才。
他提前给出觉醒药剂，自然不能白给，这损失得找方老要回来。
而方老可以以调任的借口把这两名已经觉醒的战士，包括那个松果体被点亮的小战士一起要过来。
而这三名战士原本的队伍如果不知道他们已经觉醒异能，想来方老把他们要过去也容易。
等到了方老那边，再由方老告诉他们异能觉醒的事，并表示是他们那边帮助付出的代价，也能赢来战士的感激。
救援营地就看到他们要找的人，连同车辆和简易房一起，突然出现在营地前的空地上。
包括他们之前进入森林失踪的一个小队。
王叶露了个脸，拿出一张单子让营地负责人签字。
“包括林博士在内，一共救出三十九人。仪器若干台，研究资料若干。麻烦在这里签个字确认。”
营地负责人的李中校：“……这些人都是你救出来的？”
“是我们佣兵队，我们接受了特事部的雇佣。麻烦请快点签字，我还有事。”王叶一本正经地催促。
李中校当然不可能让王叶就这么离开，他有太多问题了。
这支佣兵队是怎么进入的死亡谷，又是怎么把这么多人带出来的，另外他们怎么能无声无息地突然出现在营地前的空地上？
王叶拿出手机对着被救出的人员和仪器等摄影，再把自己和这名中校一起拍进去：“你不签也没关系，就是个手续，省得扯皮而已。”
“等等，我总需要先检查这些人的生命状态，然后再审核那些仪器和资料……”
王叶理解这位中校怕担干系，而且也不明情况，对其点点头，转身就去找林博士。
林博士刚刚醒转，刚刚从科考车里走出来。
一群医务人员围住她。
王叶挤进人群，把单子递给林博士：“麻烦签个字。”
林博士见到王叶，再看看单子上的内容，竟然问都没多问一声，低头唰唰就签上了自己的大名。
王叶收起这张确认单据，半点没耽搁就跑了。
林博士只喊出了一个字，才发现她根本不知道少年的名字。
算了，既然是上面派来救援他们的，一定知道这支雇佣队的底细，等她回去再联络吧。
现在最重要的是把她的研究资料安全地带回京城。
林博士甚至还不想离开昆仑虚，她打算向上面申请，在这里盖一座研究中心，专门研究这里的新能量，以及变异的动植物等。
王叶再次回到死亡谷深处。
虫老和靳蜘蛛在他旁边出现。
“你想收取这个雷电池？”虫老问。
王叶点头，开始围着这个雷电池放布置提炼魔法阵的物品。
“师父，靳老，麻烦你们帮我看着点。”王叶不敢托大，这个雷电池的能量可不小，搞不好，他交代在这里都有可能。
虫老和靳蜘蛛也很慎重。
他们不知道为什么雷木非要让王叶收取这个雷电池，但他们都清楚雷木不可能害王叶。
也就虫老紧张了下，他担心雷木好心办坏事。
但他也不想因噎废食，总不能王叶做什么都阻止对方，他只能让自己更加小心守护这个小兔崽子。
提炼魔法阵是王叶做熟的了，所有阵法中，大概就这个阵法他用得最多。
但以前都是提炼药材、食物、矿物之类的精华，提炼雷电则还是头一次。
“叶子，你收取雷电后，直接放入虫巢，不需要直接吸收它。”雷木道。
王叶没说话，他已经激活了提炼魔法阵。
在激活的同时，因为雷木的话，王叶福至心灵地打开了虫巢，把提炼出的雷电直接往虫巢空中丢，并给这些雷电限制了一块地方。
一块雷云在虫巢上空出现。
又一块雷云出现。
两块雷云撞击摩擦，发出轰轰的雷击声。
咔嚓！
一道紫色闪电在天空亮起。
金宝和小云，以及浮游光虫们一起抬头看向天空，金宝嘴巴张得大大的。
已经变成骸骨的那头龙的意识突然冒声：“这两个小子胆子真大，一个敢提，一个也真敢做。”
金宝蹿到骸骨身上，问：“爸爸们在干什么叽？”
水龙的意识：“他们是在作死，但也是在向生命的更高层次冲刺。这来源一个古老的传说，原本这个传说只流传在树人族内。”
“什么传说？”金宝急。
水龙的意识不紧不慢地说道：“传说以前的生灵想要突破十级，进入更高的生命层次，必须要接受雷电的考验。”
“哦？”小云也好奇地走过来旁听，他作为树人族就不知道这个传说，不过这也跟他接收到的传承还不够多也有可能。
水龙意识：“但我们龙族不少圣级大佬都试过，他们故意找雷雨天飞到天上让闪电劈他们，可最后除了受伤，什么改变也没有。”
水龙没说他自己生前也试过，结果除了被劈得皮开肉绽，浑身肉都熟了一半，他的生命形态没有任何改变，能力自然也没有丝毫提高。
金宝昂起头：“那是你们龙族不行，我爸爸们一定可以叽！”
水龙意识没跟金宝这个小崽子生气，他也教导了金宝不短的时间，就是现在还在当他的老师，金宝这小崽崽什么德性，他再清楚不过。
这小崽子最显著的一个毛病就是，绝不能容许别人说他两个爸爸半点不好。
虫巢中的雷云越来越大，轰隆隆的雷声也越来越明显。
紫色闪电不断在云层中闪烁，却没有劈向地面。
水龙意识：“总算那小子还有点数，否则大家就成天挨雷劈吧。”
王叶花了足足十七天时间才把那个雷电池里的雷电全部提取完毕。
提取的过程倒是不难，难就难在一旦开始就无法中断。
雷木一直在给他输入精神力，虫巢也在给他支援能量，虫老和靳蜘蛛则直接喂饭喂水入口，虫老还时不时地给他灌入药剂，否则他真的不一定能坚持下来。
“来了！”雷木忽然低低喊道。
雷电池一空，王叶正要收手，却在听到雷木提醒后，下意识把自己的精神力释放出去。
空掉的雷电池眼中突然蹿出一物。
王叶眼疾手快，伸手就抓向那物。
咔嚓！细小的闪电通遍王叶全身。
别看这道闪电很细小，但威力极为强大。
王叶浑身都冒出了黑烟。
虫巢中也受到巨大影响，一阵闪电在虫巢中到处乱窜。
几个小的哇哇大叫，躲进房屋。 A few small ones yelled and hid in the house.
靳蜘蛛瞬间回到虫巢，去分散那闪电的威力。 Jin Spider instantly returned to the hive to disperse the power of the lightning.
虫老则伸手就要救治王叶。 The old worm stretched out his hand to treat Wang Ye.
“师父，等……”王叶嘴里冒出黑烟，示意虫老暂时不要碰他。
"Master, wait ......" black smoke came out of Wang Ye's mouth, signaling the worm elder not to touch him for the time being.
王叶手里还紧紧抓着一样东西。
那东西似乎还在疯狂挣扎。
“咔嚓！”又是一道闪电在王叶身上炸开。 "Click!" Another bolt of lightning exploded on Wang Ye's body.
无数嫩绿色细丝突然包裹住王叶全身，并宛如脉络一般没入他的身体中。
Countless tender green filaments suddenly wrapped around Wang Ye's whole body, and submerged into his body like veins.
闪电的电光在王叶身上穿梭。
要是一般人大概早就电死了。
但王叶还能一边痛叫，一边跳脚，手里还握着那东西不放。
“木木，别这样，我能坚持！”
雷木不理他，仍旧用自己的身体保护着王叶，避免他受到雷电更多伤害。
“木木，你快收回去，我要生气了，你应该更相信我一些！”
“这对我也是一种锻炼，相信我。”雷木的精神力在笑。
王叶哼唧，突然把自己的精神力一起刺向手中那物。
咔嚓！
这次电光再闪却不如刚才明亮。
王叶的精神力冲入了一片雷电的世界。
无数文字也化作雷电冲入王叶的大脑。
王叶不止糊了，他还一头栽入了没有了雷电的雷电池眼中。
虫老一惊，伸手就去捞徒弟，却被电得浑身一麻。
就这么一麻，导致他没能及时抓住王叶。
当王叶刚刚栽入雷电池眼中，那个池子竟然就填平了，看起来就和附近土地一模一样。
包括凝聚在死亡谷上空的天闪雷鸣也全都停止。
如果有人在这时候探查这里，就会发现这里的磁场已经恢复正常。
同一时间，刚刚成立的异能管理局接到了成立以来的第一个案件。
网络上有人宣扬自己觉醒了异能，还是预言能力。
这个网名先知者1999的人在游戏运行的第三年就在网上说自己拥有了预言能力，并在网上发表了一些预言内容。
这些预言内容都是某国会在哪一年发生大灾，某国会发生小规模战争，某地会有天灾之类。
预言这东西有时就跟星座运程一样，按照统计学，全球七十亿人口，就十二个星座，不管你怎么总结分析，同一个星座总会有不少人的遭遇会符合星座运程中写的内容。
预言同样也是，说是某大区某国在某某年会遭遇什么什么事。某大区国家那么多，一年能发生的事情也不知多少，只要想扯总是能贴上去。
原本这样的预言内容，大家只是看看，笑笑就过去了。
但就在前几天，网上突然出现大量言论，证明这个先知者1999的预言都实现了。
一时，先知者1999的预言内容就上了好几个网站的热搜。
但真让这人火起来的是他今天凌晨在《极度危险》游戏论坛上发的一则预言。
如今这个游戏论坛因为其强大的翻译功能，已经成为全球最火爆、流量也最大的一个网络论坛。
能在这个论坛火起来的帖子也表示在全世界范围都火了起来。
这人发了一则什么样的预言呢？
他的最新预言是：沾满双亲鲜血的手，将撕开这个世界最后一层保护。世界异变，众生悲苦。隔壁小王不死，这个世界必将沉沦！
第359章 上辈子的敌人
隔壁小王是什么人？
玩极度危险这个游戏的玩家真的没有多少不知道他的。
哪怕这位已经沉寂好几年，两三年前开始那等级就没动过，去年甚至掉下了排行第一。
但隔壁小王真的是哥不在江湖，但江湖到处都有哥的传说的典型，关于他的谈论一直就没有彻底消失过。
不少人都在怀疑隔壁小王是不是已经不玩游戏了，还是被困在了什么地方。
不管如何，游戏运行六年，能让绝大多数地球玩家记住的玩家名字还真不多，隔壁小王绝对是其中翘楚。
可以说这个名字就代表了话题性。
而现在先知者1999的新预言不但直接剑指隔壁小王，那预言内容更是能把隔壁小王逼上死路。
一时游戏论坛展开了无数骂战。
有人起哄，有人对先知者1999破口大骂。 Some people heckled, and some people scolded the prophet 1999.
不过短短大半天时间，这个预言就被送上了论坛和各大网站的热搜前三。
However, in just half a day, this prediction was sent to the top three hot searches on forums and major websites.
最可怕的是，虽然有不少人在痛骂先知者1999危言耸听、胡言乱语、借预言之名迫害他人，但竟然有更多人表示应该彻查隔壁小王，公开他的所有信息。
The most terrifying thing is that although many people are scolding the prophet 1999 for being alarmist, talking nonsense, and persecuting others in the name of prophecy, there are even more people who say that they should thoroughly investigate Xiao Wang next door and make all his information public.
如果确认隔壁小王确实害了自己的父母，那么不管这个预言内容是不是真实，隔壁小王都应该被枪毙。
“太歹毒！”方老接到报告，刚看完内容就暴怒不已。
郝科长还算冷静，递出资料：“是人为炒作，已经查到是这三家公司接了活。”
“真是什么活都敢接！”方老冷笑。
“就请网络管理部门按照散布谣言、扰乱公众秩序的罪名，重罚！”就算如此，也不能压下方老的怒火。
别看现在人好像都不怎么迷信，尤其是年轻人，在那么多影视小说的“熏陶”下，对预言这东西甚至相当反感。
但这是无事的时候。
如果有大型灾难发生呢？
偏偏按照王叶跟他说的那些事情，地球现在已经进入魔力苏醒期，也就是说地球将开始逐渐变异。
而这种整体性的改变势必会影响到整个环境，自然也会影响到生活在这个环境中的生物。
以后不说灾难频繁，但只要出现灾难，遭难的人会不会在心里想：这一切是不是就因为隔壁小王才会造成？
哪怕再理智的人，当自己或家人亲朋遇到灾难，他能忍住不去责怪别人吗？
因为责怪别人，把过错推给别人总是最轻松的。
有了这个预言，到时所有人都会有一个最好的替罪羊，就是隔壁小王。
到时，众人为了表明他们不是故意冤枉隔壁小王，绝对会有很多人把先知者1999捧到一个绝对高度。因为先知者1999做的预言都是对的，所以大家做的也都是对的。
造谣一张嘴，辟谣跑断腿。
只要谣言出现，有理智冷静能看清真相的人，必然也有人云亦云的人，最可怕的是那种自认为头脑清醒，却认定空穴不来风的人。
一个谣言造成的影响力，能影响几十年甚至几代人，如果流传得更久远一点，甚至能成为历史和传说。
古时候有书生因为对某人反感，就编故事造谣抹黑对方。传到后世，哪怕有人帮助辟谣，可相信故事内容的才是绝大多数。
想要知道谣言的威力有多可怕吗？
水果越酸含有维生素C越多、喝酒能消灭疫病病毒、果冻是皮鞋底做的、一孕傻三年、不渴不用喝水、不添加食品添加剂的食品更安全、味精鸡精多吃有害甚至致癌……
这些谣言中，至今为止还信以为真的人有多少？
方老眉头皱成疙瘩，他更担心这个谣言会影响上面某些人的判断。
也许现在上面不会相信这个谣言的内容，但以后呢？
放出谣言的人非常聪明，他们知道，这个谣言无法让华夏官方对隔壁小王做什么。他们要做的就是埋下一颗怀疑的种子，再把隔壁小王的形象搞坏搞臭。
就算华夏官方相信隔壁小王，可网络上的言语往往伤人无形。
隔壁小王如果看到网络上那么多人对他的怀疑、辱骂、甚至堪称暴虐的发言，他会一点都不在意？
只要隔壁小王和华夏人民和华夏官方有一点点不和以及分割的迹象，放出谣言的背后势力就赚了。
郝科长搓了搓手臂，房间里越来越冷。
冷得实在受不了，跑去关空调，结果发现空调压根没打开。
郝科长无奈地看向他们的局长大人。
好嘛，以前这老头发火是发飙，嘴里喷“日你仙人板板”是常态，现在他发火，看不到半点火星，只会让你如坠冰窟。
“这个狗屎的先知者1999人在国外？”
“是，根据IP地址，他人不在国内。我们可以让国内各大论坛不刊载、不转载他的预言内容，但我们没办法阻止他在游戏论坛发言。”
郝科长苦笑。这个游戏论坛有很多优点不错，但它也有着最大的缺点，就是官方不好管辖，言论无法控制。
这也是那个造谣者每次发预言都会在这个论坛发出的最大原因。
方老大脑迅速冷静下来，他就像是分割成了两个人，一半因为造谣者的歹毒用心而愤怒痛恨，另一半则已经在想着各种有效对策。
“我出去一趟。你先让局里的信息监控部门继续监控这个谣言的发展势头。”
“是。”
当天晚上，华夏时间19点，也是华夏人看电视、上网络的高峰时间。
华夏特事部官博发出一条微博。
《极度危险》游戏玩家隔壁小王真实身份被间谍泄露，因其正在执行的任务利国利民，国外某势力抓走其父母想要威胁其。隔壁小王正在任务中，还不知道这个消息，目前我们正在尽全力解救其父母。
这个微博内容刚发出来时，注意到的人并不多。
因为关注华夏特事部官博的人不多。
但当一分钟后，各大官方媒体官博纷纷转发这条微博，公众的力量爆发了。
“卧槽！隔壁小王真实身份被间谍泄露？这表示什么？这不就表示……”
“我就说那个先知者1999有问题！果然有问题。他这是在不遗余力地抹黑我们的战士和功臣，还想让我们华夏人一起对付我们自己的战士。”
“怪不得隔壁小王初期升级那么厉害，原来是官方的战士？”
“那他这两三年等级一直没升，实际是在现实中做任务？”
“怪不得网上一直挖不出隔壁小王的真实身份，原来人家身份信息是被保护的。”
“隔壁小王的真实身份信息怎么就被泄露了呢？会不会和上次网上说要卖消息的那个人有关？”
“好歹毒，竟然绑架隔壁小王的父母，还发出那样的预言，太坏了！”
“把那个先知者1999抓起来，随便造谣的人太可恶了，造谣就应该重罚！”
“对，造谣该重罚，犯罪代价太低，人人都敢随便造谣。”
“抓不到，那个先知者1999的IP在国外。”
“艹！果然是外国间谍！”
“官方给出新消息了，有三家公司承认充当水军，炒作先知者1999编撰的谣言，想要抹黑隔壁小王，最好能让隔壁小王和我国网民互相仇视。”
“哇，那个国外势力好歹毒，这不是想离间我们自己人吗？”
“那些混蛋，当我们华夏人都是傻瓜吗！去他妈的！”
“干死那些造谣鬼！打得他妈都认不出来！”
不到一个小时，网络上的风向彻底改变。
先知者1999再次在论坛发言，表示他可以实名证实他预言的真实性。
结果回复的内容都是：
“畜生，实名吧。有种你把你家地址也显露出来，我们保证不去围杀你。”
“其实我也是先知，只是我从不跟人说，真正的预言者才不会让人知道自己能预言。但现在我预言，先知者1999不是一个人，他们的目的是想要乱我华夏国风、迫害我华夏英雄。”
“我也预言，先知者1999只要实名，今晚就会死在自己人的枪下。”
“把隔壁小王的父母交出来！你们把人绑架走，用来胁迫隔壁小王，如果隔壁小王不肯出卖国家和人民，就得不顾自己父母生命，最后就会被你们说成手沾父母的鲜血，你们太歹毒了！”
“交出隔壁小王的父母！”
“绑架者！造谣者！卑鄙者！去死去死！”
“愿诸天神佛过往神灵保佑我华夏所有战士和英雄的家人亲朋，不使他们身份暴露，不使犯罪份子伤害他们。”
“保佑英雄的家人！”
“保佑所有为我华夏、为我人民默默奉献的人们！”
某国某地，某栋看起来很普通的民居独栋房二楼，有人气得把键盘都砸了。
华夏官方这次的反应速度也太快了，而且应对也非常巧妙，他们压根就没有辟谣，他们只是把隔壁小王的真实身份写得就像是缉毒警和特种战士，还是那种不具名默默奉献型。
对于这样的存在，华夏人向来都非常敬重，哪能容许有人泼他们污水。
更何况这还是官方发言，也让隔壁小王的“真实身份”变得铁板钉钉。
官方没有辟谣，但说出的话却比辟谣还管用。
电脑屏幕中出现几张脸。
砸键盘的褐发男子抹抹脸，把坏掉的键盘扔到垃圾箱里，坐到了屏幕前。
“为什么华夏官方会一力保护隔壁小王？”视屏中一名西装革履的男子说道。
“这反应速度和应对手段根本不合常理！”一个女性也皱着眉头。
“只有一个可能，那边不是传消息来说那个叫王叶的少年很可能掌握了某种可以觉醒异能的药剂吗？也许那个少年真的拿出了药剂，并已经成功帮助某些人觉醒了异能。”第三人说话。
“不可能，我们一直在暗中监视那四个实验失败的战士，他们到现在都没有觉醒，至今还住在医院里。”这是第四个人。
"No way, we've been secretly monitoring the four failed warriors, who haven't woken up until now and are still living in the hospital." This is the fourth person.
“不管如何，那少年既然能拿出异能觉醒药剂，就决不能放过他。他现在在哪里，务必要找到他。”
"No matter what, since that young man can come up with the Psychic Awakening Potion, he must not be let go. Where he is now, make sure to find him. ”
“找不到，他就像是神秘失踪了。” "If you can't find him, it's like he's mysteriously missing."
“他姑姑那边呢？” "Where's his aunt?"
“他姑姑每天都待在家里，特事部战士直接在他们家楼下租了房间住下。”
"His aunt stayed at home every day, and the soldiers of the Special Affairs Department rented a room directly downstairs in their house."
“……进行B计划吧。”砸键盘的褐发男只说了这么一句，就关上网络会议视频，走出房间。
“…… Let's do Plan B. The brown-haired man who smashed the keyboard only said that, then turned off the online conference video and walked out of the room.
褐发男端了一点食物和水，走入别墅地下室。
地下室很阴暗，还有一股说不出的怪味，就像是人老到了一定程度，身上发出的腐朽味道。
褐发男不喜欢来地下室，但他又不得不来。
“预言已经发出去，但效果不佳。”褐发男把餐盘放到地上，说道。
阴影中伸出一只枯瘦的手，把餐盘拽到阴影中。
褐发男听着对方的咀嚼声，忍不住道：“那个隔壁小王真的是灭世者？世界真的会因为他灭亡？”
一道沙哑低沉的声音响起：“我说的是不是真的，你不是都已经查证过？”
“华夏官方想要保他。可能那小子真的拿出了异能觉醒药剂。”
“那不是异能觉醒药剂，那是魔鬼的毒药。魔子出世，魔气喷涌，魔力重回人世，华夏会变成第一个魔窟，到时地球所有人、所有生灵都要遭殃。只有让神子先出世，让神力遍布这个世界，让众神降临，神眷者奉行众神旨意，地球才有活路。”低沉沙哑的声音宛如吟唱般低语。
褐发男暗中撇嘴，有点不以为然。虽然他们已经验证过数次，证明这人的预言几乎百分百正确，但魔子神子？魔力神力？灭世救世？这未免也太神话了一些。
如果不是这人拿出的一些东西，真的跟魔法一样，他们也不会这么相信对方。
当然，最主要的是这人的目标和他们一致，他们都认为华夏和华夏人是这个世界的祸乱之源，就该早早除去。
“你们是不是打算抓住隔壁小王的父母威胁他，让他交出觉醒异能的药剂配方？”沙哑的声音突然问道。
褐发男心中一惊，这人一直待在这个地下室里，他怎么会知道他们的工作进度和计划？
“没有用。”沙哑的声音阴沉沉地笑起来：“隔壁小王是魔子，他不在乎父，也不在乎母，他是弑父弑母的至恶者，是地狱送来人间祸乱的魔鬼之子。你们用父母威胁他，就是一个笑话。”
褐发男没有回应，他和他们都想试一试。异能觉醒药剂真的太吸引人，就算只是一个可能，他们也想得到配方。
“给我他父母的血液，每人最少一百毫升，明天天亮前必须送来。”沙哑的声音不容反对的下令道。
褐发男忍不住，问道：“您要隔壁小王父母的血液有什么用处？”
“你认为呢？”沙哑的声音似乎在讽刺。
褐发男不敢回答这个问题，也不敢试探这个人太多底细，他一直在提防这个古怪的人。
但他又忍不住好奇心：“您到底看到了什么？为什么之前您都不着急，还说时间还有很多，现在却突然急成这样？”
沙哑的声音似乎不想回答，又似乎在思考，过了好一会儿才飘飘忽忽地说道：“命运之河并非一成不变，我看不到变化前，只能看到变化后。”
“您的意思是说……隔壁小王原本不是魔子，或者他原本不该这么快觉醒？”
“他是魔子，他一直都是魔鬼之子。他也确实提前觉醒了。不该的，他不该这么快觉醒，应该是神子先醒来，明明应该是……”沙哑的声音越来越低，随后就没声了。
褐发男对此习以为常，对方经常这样，说着一些莫名其妙的话就没反应了，就像是睡着了。
褐发男弯腰从黑暗中拖出餐盘，果然没有任何阻止。
餐盘上的肉又留下了，这个人依然只喝清水和吃粗面包，顶多加一点水果蔬菜，肉和蛋类都半点不吃，而且口味极其清淡，比素食主义者还要素食主义。
一个无欲无求、一心希望迎接神子降世、众神降临的人。
褐发男和被他背后的势力用这个人，但也在提防对方。
这世上有欲望的人并不可怕，最可怕的反而是欲望较少的人，最最可怕的则是疯狂的宗教信仰者。
这个喜欢待在地下室的人把后两者都占齐了。
王叶此时还不知道，一场祸事刚刚降临，就被国家爸爸消弭于无形。
但对方对他再次出手时，他感觉到了。
啪！王叶在黑暗中睁开了眼睛。
这是一个极为安静的空间，无声，无风，貌似什么都没有。
但有能量，异常磅礴的能量。
那被他师父们称为原始魔力的能量几乎浓稠到像是变成了液体。
但王叶醒来不是因为这些能量，而是他感到有人在诅咒他。
王叶毫不犹豫，一个【自食其果】就把针对他的诅咒反弹回去。
但这个诅咒似乎有些麻烦，他虽然反弹了诅咒之力，但针对他的诅咒效果仍旧存在。
王叶又给自己施展了一个【源清流净】，这个技能可以净化绝大多数的阴邪之力，包括诅咒伤害。
诅咒之力终于停止，但根子还在。
这样顽固的诅咒之力，除了对方的实力比较强以外，还有一个就是使用的诅咒物品和他这个被诅咒者密切相关。
极有可能用了他的血液或身体一部分，要么就是他的血缘关系者。
血缘关系者吗？
王叶打开了因果卷。
对他施展咒术的人大概也没想到他拥有因果卷，当对方对自己出手的时候，对方就在他眼里一览无遗。
他看到了一个熟人。
上辈子这个人就是他的仇人，一个特别莫名其妙的人。不知道为什么特别恨他，不惜抓捕他的母亲，用他母亲的生命对他施展诅咒。
他虽然和那女人没有什么接触，也没有多少感情，但好歹那女人怀胎十月把他生了下来，又给了他两年左右的保护，他不可能不为她报仇。
他回到现实世界，把这个人找出来杀了。
他到现在还记得他找到对方时，对方那惊讶的神情。
不过对方死时的一句话让他非常在意，那个人说：“我的使命已经完成，神子出，魔子灭。”
半年后，他就因为剧烈头疼发现自己脑子里长了个瘤。
王叶不是没怀疑过，这个瘤有可能就是对方用自己的死亡给他下的诅咒，但太隐秘，他竟然没有察觉。
现在相同的诅咒又来了。
还比上辈子提早了整整十五年。
不用说，他那对父母九成九都已经落在对方手里。
不过这个人到底怎么回事？
为什么要针对他？
王叶只皱了皱眉头，他上辈子就能把这人找出来杀死，这辈子一样可以。
不过这辈子他不打算让这件事就这么稀里糊涂过去，他得弄清楚前因后果。
因果卷也不是万能，并没有显示这个人要杀他的原因，也许显示了，但他探不透。
因果卷告诉他，这人想要诅咒他、毁掉他的理由，就是因为认定他是魔子。
他是鬼的魔子哦，他自己怎么不知道？
如果说木木是魔子，还能勉强套的上，毕竟木木身上有魔种。
但他和魔子有屁的关系？
等等，这次这个人还有帮手？
王叶看到了延伸出去的因果线，又一个对他有恶意，并且已经对他出手的人。
这个人在网上发布了一个对他极为不利的预言。而这个预言的来源则是正在对他施展血缘诅咒术的人。
回去就请方老帮忙查查看这两个家伙到底是干什么的，以及他们为什么会针对他。
王叶想定，给这两个人分别施展了【自食其果】和【恶有恶报】，就暂时不管他们了。
他现在的实力可和上辈子完全不同，就是上辈子他达到九十九级时的实力也远不如现在。
玩家的真实实力，和玩家等级真的不一定全部挂钩。
他现在虽然是玩家九十级，但现在榜上比他等级高的玩家，不是他夸口，他真可以随便吊打。
上辈子，那个人的诅咒给他造成了很大麻烦，最后说不定还把他咒死了。
In his previous life, that person's curse caused him a lot of trouble, and maybe even cursed him to death in the end.
但这辈子，只希望那两个人能抵得过他的诅咒反弹吧。 But in this life, I just hope that those two people can withstand his curse rebound.
现在，他还有一件更重要的事情要做。
第360章 藏在能量眼中的传承
谁能想到这个满布雷电的能量眼里竟然藏着一个传承。
兽战士。
古有战士，御兽而行，打猎护卫，同饮同食，生死与共。
传承分上下两篇，上篇教导利用精神力与自己有缘的战兽沟通。下篇则是一种融合秘术，可以让自己和战兽融合，以达到数倍的战斗力。
那些雷电竟然是这个能量眼里所藏传承的考验和守护。
如果有人能收服死亡谷里的雷电，那么雷电就会告诉他传承的事，并把其送入能量眼。
如果没有人能收服雷电，当无尽雷电终于击穿能量眼的封印，能量喷涌而出，传承也会跟着喷出，落入随便哪个有缘人手中，而雷石则可以获得自由。
是的，这里的雷电并不是天然形成，而是因为他手中现在握着的一块石头。
雷石。
非常普通的名字，实际上却一点也不普通。
根据他获得的雷电传承来看——呃，这里其实有两个传承，一个是藏在能量眼中的御兽传承，还有一个就是收服雷石后得到的雷电传承。
雷石乃是天生地长的奇物，能自动吸引雷电，也能发出雷电之力。
按照王叶理解，雷石就像是一个体型较小、容量极大的永动能量自动存储和发出器。
怪不得木木那么想要他收取这个雷电池里的雷电。
哪怕他没有得到雷电传承，只是得到这块雷石，也相当于他又拥有了一门威力超群的技能，还拥有了一个永动发动机。
“木木，你怎么知道……”
“我不知道雷石。”雷木笑，也不禁感叹小叶子的运气，竟然获得了这么珍贵的宝贝：“我只是刚从我们生命之树一族的传承中得知，我们树人一族在很久远以前，如果想要突破十级，进入更高的生命层次，就得接受雷劈。”
王叶：“……渡劫？”
雷木闷笑：“差不多就是这个意思。我想着让你收取这里的雷电，以后就放在虫巢里没事挨挨劈，说不定哪天就能自然突破了。”
王叶忍不住嘀咕：“我怎么突然从玄幻频道改修仙了？”
雷木一本正经道：“天下诸道相通，魔法师虽然没有渡劫一说，但那是大家不知道圣级以上的魔法师之路到底是怎样的。实际上不管是魔法师也好，异术师也好，或者你说的修仙也好，都是把能量吸收入体内，强大自身，并利用术法把能量使用出去的路子。”
“也许在很久很久以前，能量的修炼方式根本没有这样具体的划分，就像古人大多既要会打猎、辨识药草，也要学会做饭、做衣服，还得自己做木工活等等。”
王叶脑中突然炸开一道闪电。
他之前一直都觉得自己学得很杂，总担心自己贪多嚼不烂，最后没有一样精通，又觉得自己是不是太贪心了一些。
但听到雷木这无意的一段话，他脑中一直郁结的地方豁然开朗。
既然能学会，为什么不学？
谁规定人就只能专精一门？
同样也没谁规定你必须什么都得学。
学什么、以及能否学得会，重点还是看环境需要和个人需要。
他就喜欢学得杂，也学得进去，而根据魔法师的生命时间计算，他至少还有三百年时间，如此，他连学习时间都不用担心不够。
也许有人以学习为苦，但他越学越觉得有意思，尤其在别人都对某事束手无策的情况下，他却可以利用自己的某项知识或技能解决困局。
他就喜欢这份爽感！
“木木，谢谢。”谢谢你让我顿悟。
雷木不解，但还是笑着应下。
王叶可惜，刚才他是真的顿悟了，如果他真的是在修仙，这会儿实力肯定蹭蹭往上窜。
可因为游戏系统，他不管有多少顿悟，他的游戏等级还是九十级。
算了，随系统高兴吧，他就当给自己打一个超级坚实的基础吧。
王叶乐不滋滋地把雷石融入身体中，以后这玩意就和虫巢一样，都是他身体的一部分。
按照修仙说法，雷石就是他的本命法宝，他现在只是暂时收服它，但想要把雷石彻底变成自己的，还得慢慢炼化。
至于御兽传承，王叶当然也没有放过。
不过这份御兽传承还有一段前言。
这段前言表示，远古某些大能知道他们所在的世界会根据某种神秘的宇宙能量潮汐变化，出现能量觉醒期、爆发期、平稳期，乃至冬眠期。
而每到快进入冬眠期时，世界上的大能们就会想方设法离开现在的世界，避免因为能量匮乏从此变成普通人，或者为了补充自身一个劲地过度吸收世界的能量，导致世界能量匮乏。
这些离开的大能们有人担心时间太长，留在世间的传承会就此消失在历史长河中，就特意封印了一些能量眼，并在封印中留下了自己的传承。
这么做，不但可以留下他们的传承，更可以最大程度保证在能量觉醒期和爆发期时，后代们借着这些传承能平稳过度，最重要的是能和其他生灵有一争之力。
王叶很在意这段前言中的最后一句话。 Wang Ye was very concerned about the last sentence in this preface.
为什么学了传承以后才能和其他生灵有一争之力？
这不是说人类很可能退出地球霸主之列？
王叶是人类，他从不认为人类世界完美，但也绝不想有什么新的存在来代替人类的地位。
这跟善恶因果都没关系，就是立场。
我想活，你却想我死，那还有什么好说的，只能拼命！
王叶把两个传承的事都告诉了雷木和虫老，还有靳蜘蛛。
雷木和虫老还好，靳蜘蛛暗中有些小感动。小叶子虽然表面上不承认他是他炼金师父，但对他的信任度并不亚于他的师父们。
王叶希望听听大家的意见。
虫老沉思片刻，问道：“这两个传承和西伯荒野那边的传承考验有什么区别？”
王叶一愣：“时间不同？西伯荒野那边的传承似乎更古老，而且更高级。就好像那边的传承考验是入学考试，通过了就能拿到一份入学通知书，然后去他们那边上学。”
“但死亡谷这个能量眼里的传承，则是直接给你一张配方。只是这个配方也有一个怪物守着，如果你能通过这个怪物的考验，那么你不但能得到配方，还能得到这个怪物和怪物附带的其他好处。但如果你没有通过怪物考验，也没什么，可以等能量喷发期，然后看有谁好运能获得这张被喷出来的配方。”
雷木：“这么说在能量眼里留下传承的存在也许不是同一批？”
王叶摇头：“不是。西伯荒野那边的传承考验在全世界范围一共有十二个，也是十二道场的入口，同时相当于十二份入学通知书。但全世界范围有无数能量眼，到底有多少传承藏在其中，就没人知道了。”
随后，王叶又道：“不是每个能量眼里都藏着传承，比如我们之前去过的东金山岭，那里的能量眼内就没有藏有传承。”
靳蜘蛛蛊惑：“你要不要去其他能量眼看看，说不定还能发现其他传承。就算你自己不用，交易出去也可以。”
王叶颇为心动。养家的男人啊，随时都想着怎么赚生活费。
虫老和雷木也很想看看地球到底藏了多少传承和什么样的传承。
他们不需要这些传承，他们都是走专精路线的人，只是想要了解。
他们现在越来越觉得地球是个非常古老和了不起的世界，也许他们真的能在地球中找到解开双月星困局的钥匙。
王叶拿到了这两份传承，就必须要做一件事情。
那就是继续封印这个能量眼，让它不要一下子爆发，而是缓慢地泄露出能量。
能量爆发得越厉害，动植物和昆虫等会异变飞快，反而是人类的进化会慢上许多。
为何会这样？
这和进化程度有很大关系。
幸好王叶的封印魔法阵学得不错，而他身上也不缺少布置魔法阵的材料。
有了这个封印魔法阵，能量眼里的能量还是会泄露出来，但程度要比之前慢得多也小得多。
这样做的最大好处就是让周围的原始森林中的一切生物都能慢下变异的速度。
如此，人类就有了追上的时间。
当晚，王叶出现在方老家中。
方老现在的感知能力比之前强了许多，加上王叶无意掩饰，王叶刚一出现，他就转头道：“别这么神出鬼没的行不行？你听说了？”
“听说什么？”王叶一挥手，“先不管其他事，我有一笔大买卖，不知道您老感兴趣不？”
方老大马金刀地在椅子上坐下：“说吧，什么买卖？购买你的觉醒药剂吗？没问题，上面已经同意了，就按照你报的价，不过上面和我都希望你能在有些人服药出现危险后过来看看。”
“不是药剂。这个我们上次就已经谈妥，我可以答应你们有时间就去帮你们看看，但我没办法签合约，因为我不能保证自己的时间，也无法保证供药量。至于配方，我就算卖给你们，你们也用不起来，我还没有在地球找到全部的替代药物。”
王叶摆摆手：“先不说这个。我今天要跟您老谈的是另外的好东西。”
“哦？我就喜欢好东西，赶紧说来让我激动激动。”方老老顽童一样，眼睛都在闪闪发光。
王叶竖起三根手指：“我打算卖给官方三样东西。第一样，精神力测试仪。这个仪器的作用很好理解吧？就是测试精神力用的，可以数值化，按照十级划分。”
方老腰背一直，神情变了。
王叶：“第二样，异能觉醒图。这张图的最大作用就是引导和帮助觉醒天赋能力，有时候魔法师还会用这幅图来练习冥想术。一般来说，地球普通人的精神力都在一级和二级，三级已经非常罕见。所以如果有人的精神力能达到三级，就可以开始让其观看异能觉醒图，自然觉醒的可能性会非常高。”
“使用异能觉醒图的好处就是不会出现觉醒事故，也不需要有人在一边辅佐和引导。但必须是真的异能觉醒图，像游戏中那个什么神眷者阵营提供的觉醒图就不行，那是假的，用了会出事。”
方老深吸气，声音都有些沙哑：“第三样是什么？”
王叶也没吊老人家的胃口，直接道：“第三样是我刚得到的，是一门传承，叫兽战士传承。”
王叶把兽战士传承是什么意思，以及有什么好处都说了一遍。
“眼看地球已经进入能量复苏期，有些能量眼能量泄露比较快，其周边环境和动植物以及昆虫的异变也就会非常快。我想要不了多久，就会有些动植物伤人的古怪新闻出现。如今昆仑虚死亡谷附近的原始森林就已经开始变异。”
“而昆仑虚有多大？藏在其中的能量眼也绝不止死亡谷那一个，能量眼的喷发是会互相牵引的。试想一下，昆仑虚中所有动植物和昆虫全都异变后，我们华夏会变成怎样？”
方老闭眼，再睁开时，眼睛无比清明：“你把这份传承拿出来，就是想要让人类去寻找和驯服那些已经开始变异的动植物以及昆虫，让它们成为人类的助力？”
“对，地球进入能量爆发期已经不可避免，所以我们现在能做的就是在最初的复苏期尽量做好准备。”
王叶刚正经说完，就痞痞地道：“三样东西价钱都不低哦。这传承更是我拼了命找来的，浑身都被炸糊了，如果不是我还有点救命的手段，现在你已经看不到我了。”
“觉醒图你们可以派人进入游戏世界的特殊副本搏命之城也是知识之城中寻找，但这个搏命之城非常不容易进去，更不容易出来，而且里面地形和地标都在随时变化，所以能不能找到觉醒图，并且是正确的觉醒图，得看你们的运气。”
王叶事先说明这点，也是防止以后有人在知识之城找到觉醒图，官方会觉得吃亏。
“哦，其实还有第四样东西，不过这个我打算白送，毕竟我已经把配方完整地白送了一次，就是你们现在正在研究的基因进化药剂，我在地球这边找到了关键药材。”
方老腾地站起！
他太激动了，需要走两圈。
走完，一把握住王叶的手，深情地道：“好孩子啊，你放心，国家爸爸一定不会委屈了你。”
王叶……鸡皮疙瘩全都冒了起来。
方老真的太不适合抒情了。
“委屈不委屈的，只要有实惠，什么都好说~”王叶特别俗气地道。
方老大笑。
他现在特别幸运自己那天晚上碰到了这个小少年，也特别幸运他没有把这个小少年推到他们的对立面。
而上面对这个孩子的态度也都偏向于拉拢，更十分同情这个孩子。
王叶的信息几乎被挖得干干净净。
这么一个从小被虐待长大，却依然能保持阳光灿烂，还能为他人着想的孩子，全天下有几个？
而且这孩子还超级聪明！
俗话说，流氓不可怕，就怕流氓有文化。
同样的，一个满心仇恨满身阴霾的被虐孩子也不可怕，但就怕这个孩子是个天才。
现在多少人在庆幸这个孩子没有被仇恨蒙蔽眼睛成长为一个高智商的反社会少年。
更不知有多少人在感激王叶的姑姑，还有传说中的师父，这些人显然是王叶能心怀善意和向往明亮的重要原因。
也就是因为他和上面的人都知道王叶的身世底细，才会那么厌恶那个放出谣言的人和势力。
这是在活生生逼迫这个孩子和这个世界反目成仇，用心要有多恶毒就有多恶毒！
而实际上呢，看这个孩子多好，他都还没好意思找他谈合作的事，人家孩子就已经主动把好处送上门了。
还是让他、让所有人都意料之外的绝大好处！
人孩子一送还不是送一个，而是送了四个！
就问这样的好孩子，他们不护着，难道要送给敌人吗？
第361章 帮忙觉醒
在方老的建议下，王叶选择了异能管理局刚刚推出的贡献值。
该贡献值可以在异能管理局内部的交易网上购买物品，这些物品也只能用贡献值购买。
“这个交易网才开始架构？”王叶一副您老是不是空手套白狼的眼神，睨方老。
方老抬手就敲了敲少年的脑门，笑骂：“我还能让你吃亏不成？异能局虽然才刚刚成立，但特事部那一套已经运行多年，全都已经成熟，我们异能局只要换个名字直接拿来用就可以。”
“不要以为用钱买到的东西才是好东西，我国内部一直都有一套贡献值系统。就比如你姑种植的那些蔬菜，你说的基因进化药剂，还有兽战士传承等等，都需要用贡献值购买，或者按照贡献值高低来选拔使用者。另外其他杂七杂八的东西，动植物昆虫等等原材料，包括武器，根据时局变化，我想今后极有可能都需要用到贡献值。”
“我给你注册了，你是咱们异能局注册的第一人，我是第二个。我知道你更喜欢自由，所以不会让你进入体制内，我们可以保持外包雇佣的方式，但我给你弄了个特别顾问的名头，这样你不算体制内，但一样可以享受异能局的福利。”
王叶现在手头钱还够用，暂时也想不到获得大笔金钱后能买什么，最后和方老商定，一半就用现金支付，一半换成贡献值。
过了两天，王叶去异能局签交易契约，同时带去实物。
当时阵仗很大，一堆一看就是科研工作者的人在那里等着，王叶还看到了一位熟人林博士。
当王叶拿出精神力测试仪时，一群科研工作者跟孩子一样涌上来，迫不及待地要进行测试。
还有人追着问他基因进化药剂主药材的事。
林博士则仗着两人见过，一个劲询问他觉醒图和兽战士传承的事。
王叶和林博士交谈，才知道这位大拿竟然主动转到了异能局，而原因就是王叶，她想再次见到王叶，但方老就是不给她相关信息，还说王叶是异能局的特别顾问，身份信息保密，只有异能局上层才能知道。
林博士对异能局也很感兴趣，如果她没有接触到新能源，也没有看到王叶和虫老的种种神奇之处，她可能压根就不会相信异能之事。
但她亲眼见到了，还知道国家火速成立了异能局，这就表明异能是真实的。
对于研究狂的林博士来说，再也没有什么事情能比研究新能源和新出现的异能更吸引她，于是她毅然提出申请，要求转到异能局。
方老对此自然大为欢迎，他们异能局确实也需要科研界的大佬，从能源、医学、药学、动植物昆虫学家……等等，都需要。
以前国内各部门除了军警部门，都是把需要研究的项目转给相关的科研部门，这样虽然可以减轻各部门负担，但效率上真的说不上好，而且还容易泄密。
现在异能局采取的是军事管理，自然也就按照军警管理架构来运行，确保局里能有自家的比较全面的研究部门。
如今出现在王叶面前的科研工作者都是异能局自己人。
王叶拿出来的东西已经立项，这些人就是这些项目各自的负责人。
方老看似大大咧咧，做事其实极为细心。他自己不懂这些，虽然他相信王叶不会驴他，但在签合同时，他还是慎重地把局里这些大佬们请来，请他们辨认和确认。
东西肯定都是真的，王叶还带来了样品。
实际上，王叶拿出来的东西，这些科研界的大佬们也不可能立刻分出真假，毕竟这些对于他们、对于地球人来说都是新事物。
他们需要时间研究。
王叶很大方地同意给他们时间研究，在他们研究出成果前，他的另一半报酬——贡献值可以暂时不拿，反正现在管理局的内部交易网也还没有几样东西可卖。
方老说不会让王叶吃亏，也真的没有让王叶吃亏，虽然签合同的过程繁琐了一些，但价钱是真的很不错。
另外基因进化药剂的主药材，方老也没占王叶便宜，同样给了他相当不错的报酬。
王叶都笑眯了眼。他上辈子后期也赚到不少钱，但加起来都不到他这次赚到的十分之一。
国家爸爸按照购买高精尖科技产品和全部研究资料的水准，给他支付了报酬。
只现在他拿到的现金报酬就已经达到了他的期待值，还有一半贡献值就是赚的。
现在王叶还不知道那些贡献值将来会给他带来多大的好处。
方老抓住想跑的王叶：“还有件事，那四个战士，你看能不能帮他们觉醒？”
“可以。”王叶很干脆地道。
他当初已经治疗过那四名战士，用药剂稳住了他们的精神力，那四名战士才能拖到现在。
“不过那四个人的情况比较特殊，他们的身体和精神力都已经被严重破坏，以他们现在的体质也就是健康程度，很可能无法撑过觉醒的过程。所以想要那四个人都顺利觉醒，必须先养好他们的身体。有快养和慢养两种方式，都无后遗症，效果也都一样好，只价钱不同，您老选择哪一种？”
方老：“……”
王叶帮助四名战士觉醒的过程，跟帮助方老和姚浩觉醒的过程不同，全程都有人记录和观察。
王叶也不介意让他们看，反正这本事又不是看看就能看过去。
四名战士见到王叶，名为老周的战士打量王叶后，忽然对他露出笑容：“就是你救了我们对吗？谢谢你！”
四名战士齐齐起身，对王叶行了个干脆利落的军礼。
王叶揉揉鼻子，有那么点不好意思：“不用谢，我也是收钱办事。”
老周爽朗地笑：“我听苹果说，当时你都已经和他们谈崩了，也没收到任何报酬，可是你还是来救治了我们，否则以我们的情况，绝对撑不到现在。”
王叶觉得老周这个人很有意思，恩怨分明。
老周等四名战士也对王叶心怀感激，王叶其实可以不管他们，狠心一点，甚至只救一两个，让另外一两个作为参照物，如此不但能证明王叶说的话都是真实，也可以凭此跟官方谈高价。
但王叶没有，他在谈崩的情况下，不但出手救了他们，还让他们身体恢复了一定健康，至少他们四人都不用再遭受那极致的痛苦。
“我们真的能觉醒异能？”老周走向前，打算做第一个实验体。
其他三名战士正要争抢，他们不是为了成为四人中的第一个异能者，而是怕出事，他们希望能牺牲自己来保护其他战友。
The other three warriors were about to fight, not to be the first of the four, but for fear of accidents, hoping to sacrifice themselves to protect the other comrades.
王叶看他们这样，好气又好笑道：“别争，你们以为我是那些害人的砖家吗？给你们吃一些乱七八糟的东西，拿你们当小白鼠一样随便实验？放心，这是人家双月星已经成熟的药方和方法，用了上千年，只要没有特殊情况发生，安全性达到了百分百。”
Wang Ye looked at them like this, and said angrily and funny: "Don't fight, do you think I'm one of those brick families who hurt people?" Feed you some mess and experiment with you like guinea pigs? Rest assured, this is a mature prescription and method of Shuangyuexing, which has been used for thousands of years, and as long as there are no special circumstances, the safety has reached 100%. ”
四名战士闻言，都笑了，也暗中松了口气。 When the four warriors heard this, they all laughed and secretly breathed a sigh of relief.
只老周面色怪异：“双月星？极度危险这个游戏中的双月星？”
Only Lao Zhou's face was weird: "Double Moon Star? Extreme danger in this game of the twin moon stars? ”
“是啊。”王叶没再多言，既然老周打算做第一个，那就成全他好了。
"yes." Wang Ye didn't say anything more, since Lao Zhou planned to be the first, it would be good for him.
“来，先把这瓶培元药剂喝了。不要浪费哦，这一瓶如果按照魔晶和华夏币的兑换率计算，价值两百万，看在同胞的份上，我给你们打了个一折。”
"Come, drink this bottle of Peiyuan Elixir first. Don't waste it, if this bottle is calculated according to the exchange rate of magic crystals and Huaxia coins, it is worth two million, for the sake of my compatriots, I will give you a discount. ”
老周手一抖。二十万的药剂也不少了，换了是他自己，他绝对舍不得购买。
Lao Zhou's hand shook. 200,000 potions is also a lot, and if it were him, he would definitely not be willing to buy it.
王叶可没乱报价，两百万都是优惠价，这可是用虫蜜炼制的培元药剂，用的还是小光他们进阶后新产出的虫蜜，实际价值更高。
Wang Ye didn't quote indiscriminately, two million is a preferential price, this is a Peiyuan elixir refined with insect honey, and the insect honey newly produced by Xiaoguang and them after they advanced is still used, and the actual value is higher.
“喝了这瓶药剂，不但你的身体会比从前更健康，同时你的基因也会进化，这是比局里现在研究的基因进化药剂等级更高、效果更好的进化药剂，而且药性温和，进化过程中也不会让你痛得死去活来。”
新的进化药剂因为药材缘故，疼痛是难免的了，就看科研工作者们如何降低那份痛楚。
老周一听这是基因进化药剂，手立刻握紧。
而周围负责观察和记录的科研工作者们更是激动得鼻息声都大了一些。
真·基因进化药剂竟然已经出现，而且比他们研究的品质还要好，虽然有些郁闷，但他们更希望看到实际效果。
实际效果自然是一流。
老周喝下药剂不久，身体表面就开始分泌杂质。
“我的妈呀，洗精伐髓！”一名研究员脱口叫道。
老周捂住肚子，他想去厕所。
王叶让他赶紧去。
有研究员赶紧对老周喊：“别忘记取样，卫生间里有现成的取样瓶。”
王叶不想耽搁时间，对另外三名战士道：“你们老大已经把报酬都支付过了，效果你们也看到了一半，要么你们一起服用？”
三名战士互看，一起往前踏上一步。
王叶给三人一人发了一瓶药剂。
培元药剂的效果绝对杠杠的，老周洗完澡出来时，整个人看起来容光焕发，连眼底的青黑都没了。
王叶握住老周的手腕，片刻后收回：“情况不错，培元药剂的药效还在你体内缓缓发散，你的基因也在缓慢进化，这个进化过程大约会维持七天到一个月左右。时间会有这么长的分别，跟个人资质有很大关系。”
“如果你在服用培元药剂期间觉醒异能，你的身体体质还会得到进一步改善。或者说会按照你的异能进化方向进行最优改善。等会儿你服下觉醒药剂时，不妨多想想你想要觉醒的异能。”
"If you awaken your abilities while taking Pei Yuan Elixir, your physical constitution will be further improved. Or that it will be optimally improved in the direction of your ability evolution. Later, when you take the Awakening Potion, think more about the ability you want to awaken. ”
老周兴奋地道：“是不是我想要什么异能，我就能觉醒什么异能？”
Lao Zhou said excitedly: "Is it that if I want any ability, I can awaken any ability?" ”
“做梦呢？觉醒异能虽然跟你个人的迫切渴望也有关系，但更多的还是看你的个人资质。简单说就是看觉醒药剂能唤醒你身体中哪一部分被隐藏的基因。”
"What about dreaming? Awakening is also a matter of your personal desires, but it is more about your qualifications. To put it simply, it's all about seeing which part of your body can awaken hidden genes in your body. ”
老周先在心中想好自己想要什么异能，随即就仰头喝下觉醒药剂，开始静静等待觉醒开始。
Lao Zhou first thought about what ability he wanted in his heart, and then raised his head and drank the awakening potion, and began to wait quietly for the awakening to begin.
研究员们原本想在老周身上安放贴片之类，但王叶建议他们最好不要这样。
方老让研究员都按照王叶说得来。
老周的觉醒过程无声无息。 Lao Zhou's awakening process was silent.
当他睁开眼睛时，周围的研究员们面面相觑。 When he opened his eyes, the researchers around him looked at each other.
这是结束了吗？ Is this the end?
老周到底有没有觉醒异能。 Does Lao Zhou have the ability to awaken?
只方老，脸上露出了笑容。他感觉到了，那股和他类似的能量波动。
Only Fang Lao had a smile on his face. He felt it, a wave of energy similar to his.
这是异能者之间才能彼此感知的一种能量波动。 This is a kind of energy fluctuation that can only be perceived by each other.
主要也是方老觉醒的异能等级要比老周高。 The main reason is that the ability level of Fang Lao's awakening is higher than that of Lao Zhou.
老周摸摸自己的眼睛，忽然道：“我看到隔壁了。” Lao Zhou touched his eyes and suddenly said, "I saw next door." ”
研究员们一愣。 The researchers were stunned.
一秒后，迅速反应过来。 After a second, he reacted quickly.
这不是透视眼吗？！ Isn't this a clairvoyant eye?!
第362章 有钱就要花出去 Chapter 362: If you have money, you have to spend it
老周自己也很懵，他想觉醒的是空气异能，只要能压缩空气当子弹就可以，他要求真不高。
Lao Zhou himself is also very confused, what he wants to awaken is the air ability, as long as he can compress air as a bullet, he really doesn't have high requirements.
他会有这样的想法，也是有几次出去执行任务，有两次因为不能随身携带枪支，导致他们不能立刻克敌，多费了很多工夫才解决问题，还有一次直接就是子弹打光不够了，他也因此重伤。
He would have such thoughts, and there were also a few times when he went out on a mission, twice because he couldn't carry a gun with him, so they couldn't defeat the enemy immediately, and it took a lot of effort to solve the problem, and once he was seriously injured because he didn't run out of bullets.
为什么他会觉醒成透视眼？ Why did he awaken to clairvoyance?
老周就觉得他现在视力贼好，哪怕十米外针尖大的字他都能看得一清二楚。
Lao Zhou felt that his eyesight was good now, and he could see the big words at the tip of the needle ten meters away.
难道是…… Could it be......
老周想到了原因，他负伤的次数不少，有次还伤到了眼睛，虽然后期治疗好了，但眼睛视力到底受到影响。
Lao Zhou thought of the reason, he was injured a lot of times, and once he even injured his eyes, although he was treated later, but his eyesight was affected.
他在军中是神枪手，但这两年随着视力变差，他的准头已经没有以前高。
He was a sharpshooter in the army, but as his eyesight deteriorated in the past two years, his aim was no longer as tall as it used to be.
这两年他确实成日想着如果视力能恢复、最好能自带准星功能就好了。
In the past two years, he has really been thinking that if his eyesight can be restored, it would be better to have his own crosshair function.
大约是这个长年累月的愿望在潜意识中压倒了他想觉醒空气异能的愿望，所以他的眼睛才变异了。
It was this long-standing desire that subconsciously overpowered his desire to awaken the air, and that's why his eyes mutated.
方老高兴地大声道：“好好好！这个能力好。” Elder Fang said happily: "Okay, good! This ability is good. ”
当即就有研究员带老周去做检测，好确定他的眼睛具体都有怎样的异变。
Immediately, a researcher took Lao Zhou to do an examination to determine what kind of abnormalities his eyes had.
老周希望能看到其他三位战友的觉醒结果，方老大手一挥同意了。
Lao Zhou hoped to see the awakening results of the other three comrades-in-arms, and Boss Fang agreed with a wave of his hand.
另外三名战士看老周轻松无痛苦、看起来特别简单地觉醒了异能，心里也都多出几分信心，心态也更轻松了几分。
The other three warriors saw that Lao Zhou was relaxed and painless, and it seemed that he had awakened his abilities very simply, and they all felt a little more confident in their hearts and their mentality was a little more relaxed.
王叶给出觉醒药剂时倒没有一次让三个人一起服下，而是让三人分次，这样也方便研究员监控。
When Wang Ye gave the awakening potion, he did not let the three people take it together, but let the three of them divide the time, which was also convenient for the researcher to monitor.
王叶看到研究员折腾的那些仪器，才发现自己对现在的地球科技发展了解得太片面。
When Wang Ye saw the instruments that the researchers were tossing, he realized that he had too one-sided understanding of the current development of earth science and technology.
这些研究员们并不需要靠近这几名战士，他们只要把相关仪器的探测头放入房间内，这些仪器就会自动记录几名战士的身体数据，并传输到另一个房间中的电脑屏幕上，并自动分析。
The researchers didn't need to be close to the fighters, they just put the probes of the relevant instruments into the room, and the instruments would automatically record the physical data of the fighters, which would be transmitted to a computer screen in another room and automatically analyzed.
三名战士谁都想觉醒一个特别酷的异能，透视眼虽然也不错，但总感觉偏辅助，如果是镭射眼才会让他们激动。
Each of the three warriors wanted to awaken a particularly cool ability, and while See-Saw was good, it always felt supportive, and it was Cyclops that would make them excited.
但谁也没想到接下来的三名战士觉醒的异能一个比一个奇葩。
最尴尬的是一名外号野猪的战士，他长得其实很清秀，但他有一双汗脚。他的异能就是可以控制他的脚臭，当臭味非常浓郁时，可以熏昏敌人。同时他也可以让自己的脚散发香味，比花朵还要芬芳。
个头最高的战士觉醒的长发异能，他掉头发有点厉害，家里据说有秃头遗传，所以他一直担心自己没到三十岁，就变成地中海。结果他现在觉醒的异能就是可以随意让头发长长和变短。
最后一名战士一开始都不知道自己觉醒的是什么异能，在王叶引导下才搞清楚。原来他觉醒的是“无论说话声音多小，都能让指定对象听清楚”的异能。
老周表情古怪，有对比才有幸福感，他之前还觉得自己的透视眼就很一般，没想到他的三位战友……
三名战士面对自己的异能，笑不出来，但也不至于哭。
还是王叶告诉他们，这世上就没有无用的异能，只看你会不会用，并且告诉了他们几个修炼方向，才让他们转苦为甜。
“异能并不是一成不变的，可以通过修炼来提升和扩展。修炼方法你们可以参考你们在游戏中获得的修炼方法。”
王叶看向四名战士，指点道：“老周觉醒的不是透视眼，而是眼睛的优化，透视只是其中一个功能。他体内的培元药剂会对他的眼睛做更进一步的优化。”
“老周在游戏中学的是催眠术，如果你能善用自己的眼睛，你会发现你的催眠术会变得极为厉害。建议你以后可以从催眠术向瞳术发展。到时候你就会知道你有一双多么宝贵的眼睛。”
“另外局里的研究室也可以配合帮助异能战士训练和开发异能，只有更了解自己的身体，才知道要怎么更好地使用自己的异术。”
老周顿时眉飞色舞，整个人都发出了光彩。
他的战友们也都羡慕地看向他。
而研究员们更是兴致勃勃，他们非常乐意帮助战士们开发和训练他们的异能，
王叶又对绰号野猪的战士说道：“改变自己双脚的味道，变香变臭，听起来很尴尬，实际上你现在只是觉醒了一部分，你真正的异能是控制信息素。”
“信息素的作用，不用我说，你们具体查一查相关资料就知道。简单发展，你可以利用信息素迷惑敌人。往深度发展，可以用来传递消息。厉害的甚至可以沟通和控制所有可以散发信息素的生物。”
“建议你可以在游戏世界学习驭虫术，或者其他能利用到信息素的异术。”
清秀战士顿时不沮丧了，信息系他知道啊，原来他这个异能这么碉堡的吗。
王叶看向高个战士：“长头发异能，看似极为没有用处，实际上代表你能控制自己的毛发生长。最简单的使用方法，就是让你的头发变成你的武器和工具，而且还能让敌人防不胜防。都知道蜘蛛侠是怎么使用他的蛛丝的吧？既然蛛丝可以，为什么头发不可以？以后好好保养和培养你的头发吧。除了头发，你全身毛发也可以试着发展。”
“而且如果你能练到一根头发就是一只触手的时候，你想想看你会有多厉害。”
个头最高的战士眼睛亮了，王叶的话让他大受启发，他知道以后要怎么训练和修炼自己的异能了。
最后一名战士急急地等待王叶给他的指点。
王叶笑：“其实你的能力非常可怕。因为你觉醒的异能其实是声波。更何况你一觉醒就能指定目标，这说明你的潜力非常好。低声波、次声波、超声波，想想声波在武器和工具方面的利用，你就是队伍里最可怕的群攻手，更能伤人于无形。”
众人捂胸，倒抽一口凉气。
“太棒了！”觉醒声波异能的战士高兴得都跳起来了。
王叶最后面对方老还有一众研究者说道：“总之，诸位请一定记住，异能并不是最初表现出来是什么样就是什么样，它有根源，更可以成长。任何微小、古怪的异能都能变得强大和有用，”
“当然，也不是所有人都能变得强大，这要看他本身的资质和潜力，还有他的修炼方法，指点者，以及服用的药剂等等。以后异能局的诸位多多努力，争取搞出一套最全最行之有效的修炼方法，相信能帮到很多异能者。但强搞和强行突破最不可取，只会竭泽而渔，稳步前行才是最稳妥也是对彼此最好的方法。”
研究员们若有所思。
方老给了王叶一个赞赏的眼神，这小少年确实聪明。
他给研究员们画了一张大饼，但也确实给了他们明确的研究方向，免得有些人打着科学的名义随便进行不靠谱的人体实验。
让异能局的研究室成为异能界的权威和依赖，这还不够香吗？何必要走到异能者的对立面？
王叶看着再次进账的丰厚报酬，笑得牙花子都露出来了。
对比他刚签订的交易，这笔报酬不算多，但近五百万对普通人来说已经算得上小富。
加上特事部又跟他结算了拯救林博士和科考队成员的救援费，这加起来又是上千万的收入。
今天的王小叶，跟昨天一样开心呢~
开心的王小叶给方老奉送了两个消息：“就是这四个人。这个叫李梵的已经觉醒，火系。他是医学生，跟着他导师实习中，在科考队伍里充当护士和医生。他的资质非常好，跟您老差不多，建议不要放过。另外他知道我在游戏中的身份，但嘴巴很紧，人也算可靠。”
“这两个人是来救援的队伍中的战士，我也已经帮助他们觉醒，不过暂时给他们下了精神暗示，你记得争取把这两个人也弄进来。”
“还有一个小战士，负责保护林博士的，他也有觉醒迹象，资质和老周他们差不多，让他看看觉醒图，看上一个月，再给他使用基因进化药剂，同时再给他服用异能觉醒药剂，九成可以觉醒。”
方老大喜，连连拍打王叶的肩膀。
“好好好，真是太好了，我正愁我们异能局没人用。”
而且王叶给他挑的这几个人，都能算得上是体制内的，调任起来也方便，而且因为一直在军警部门工作，来了就能无缝对接，省了大量的调教工夫。
李梵虽然是民间人士，但他和他老师既然能参加科考队，就表示身份底细都能信得过，也有一定奉献精神。而且正好在实习期，把他调到他们异能局医疗室正好。
相信他们也都会愿意的。
方老最开心的是王小叶真的太贴心了，除了李梵，其他三名战士都还不知道自己已经或者就要觉醒异能，在别人看来，他们就是最普通的三名战士，如此他就不用跟这三名战士所在部门无尽扯皮，随便找个合理借口就能把人要过来。
至于要过来后，三人突然觉醒了异能，那当然都是他们异能局的功劳。他们原来的部门想闹也找不到理由，哈哈哈~！
王叶索性给姚浩打了个电话，让他主动来异能局注册。
当然，他也不会强迫，他就是提出一个建议。
姚浩听完，不但没有觉得注册不好，反而在当天就屁颠颠地找到了异能局。
异能局总局目前暂时被安排在海沽市，姚浩过来方便得很。
方老见民间异能者主动送上门，也很高兴。
这表示也不是所有民间异士都排斥官方，有些人还是非常信任官方组织的。
而方老也不打算辜负大家的信任，他要让异能局成为一个能让普通民众和异能者都安心放心的机构，更要做普通民众和异能者之间的润滑剂和沟通桥梁。
总之，无论如何，方老和所有想要华夏好的人，都会竭尽全力让华夏平稳度过未来的异变期。
基因进化药剂在有了合适的药材后，研发是一日千里，很快就有成品制作出来，并进入人体实验阶段。
军警部门已经开始安排进行精神力检测，如果能达到精神力三级的人，会根据其往日表现和贡献度，选拔出来去看觉醒图。
官方部门玩《极度危险》这个游戏和在游戏中寻找修炼机缘的人也大批量增加。
最后，关于兽战士的选拔也开始秘密进行。
而王叶帮助战士和帮助方老觉醒异能的事在少数人耳中已经传开。
就没有人对王叶眼馋，想要他帮助自己觉醒异能的吗？
或者就没有人看王叶不顺眼，觉得他是威胁，应该消灭吗？
对王叶有各种想法的人都有，但这些人都被方老拦住了。
遇到王叶是方老的运气。
同样，遇到方老又何尝不是王叶的运气？
方老的能量，尤其在他觉醒异能、坐上异能局局长的位子后的能量到底有多大，普通人根本难以想象。
方老放话出来谁找他们异能局第一特别顾问的麻烦，就是找他和异能局的麻烦，敢不把这话当回事的人还真不多。
如果有，那他一定是边缘人物，压根就不知道方老有多厉害。
方老甚至不用王叶提，就把王叶的姑姑给保护起来，直接给了对方一个异能局后勤工作人员的名头。
虽然看起来只是一名后勤，但王沐这就算是体制内了，五险一金都是齐的。
上面对方老的果断做法也很满意——看这老头子多狡猾，不但把人家的姑姑掌控到自己手中，还能换来王小叶的感激。
上面还觉得老头把人家小孩忽悠得有点厉害——对比王叶的贡献，支付给王叶的那点报酬又算得了什么？
国家每年在某些研究上支出的金额有多少？可至今为止能看到成果的才有几样？
王叶拿出来的可都是其他国家没有的、独有的宝贝！
不夸张地说，只一个基因进化药剂，王叶就能躺在贡献簿上吃一辈子。
而他实际拿出了多少？
对于这样的王叶，不止方老愿意护着他，上面好些大佬也都愿保护他。
想要基因进化药剂？
想要异能觉醒药剂？
用不着找王叶，自己用贡献值到异能局的交易网上购买吧。
贡献值不够？
那就多做贡献啊。
再不行就求你家直系亲人想办法凑贡献值给你买呗。
目前为止，除了少数被精心选拔出来的一批人，购买基因进化药剂和异能觉醒药剂，包括看觉醒图和阅览兽战士传承，都需要庞大的贡献值，并且限定只有华夏人能买。
如果帮人代买，只能限定给直系亲属使用，而这个直系亲属也必须是华夏国籍，且没有任何犯罪历史。
异能局最碉堡的是仗着现在药剂不多，谁买了药剂，他们都是派行动队送货上门，并亲眼看着购买者或其直系亲属服下，才会离开。
所以想要钻空子基本不可能。
而买兽战士传承和阅览觉醒图的人则必须加入几个规定的官方组织。
当然，以后这些药剂包括传承的购买肯定会敞开，但现在就看谁贡献值高。
有些人愿意等，有些人就不愿意了。
只要不是傻瓜，就能看出异能者的优势。
而越早成为异能者，越能得到更多好处。其他不说，你觉醒得越早，才可能修炼得越早，也才可能在未来越强大。
但想要成为异能者的人并不是每个人都有足够的贡献值，家里人凑一凑也不一定能凑出来。
而且家里那么多人，凭什么其他人都不用，就只给你用？
为此贡献值的私下交易价格在飞速攀升，还是有价无市的状态。
到最后就发展为买不到药剂和传承的人，只能去玩游戏。
“这是个全民玩游戏的时代。”
方老说出这句话时，就觉得特别有意思。
所以玩游戏也不是不让玩，只是看有没有更大好处。
也有人在偷偷地寻找王叶，包括姚浩那一批狐朋狗友。
姚浩觉醒了异能，他其实是不想炫耀的。
但是……人喝多了嘛，就守不住那张嘴了。尤其在他跑到异能局注册后。
国家都承认的事，他也已经注册了，泄露了也不会有人抓他去研究……应该？
再说、再说王叶也没说不卖药剂给别人是吧？
姚浩觉醒异能一事，比起他亲爹亲妈，最震动的反而是他那帮子狐朋狗友。
谁不想变成超人日天日地？这些富N代也不例外，他们天天骚扰姚浩和葛杰，想要让两人联系那个神秘少年，购买异能觉醒药剂。
而且这事还在一定范围内传开了。
绝大多数人都不相信异能觉醒的事，哪怕有人拍了录像，他们也认为这是特效。
但有些人坚信不疑，就以姚浩和葛杰的酒肉朋友们为首。
这些人中还有几个特别后悔的，因为他们都是当初姚浩葛杰那支探险队的队友。
当时姚浩联系他们，让他们按照承诺给那名救了他们的神秘少年支付救援费，他们嘴上答应得好好的，但转头就忘了。
不是他们付不出来，而是他们懒得支付这笔钱。
现在当听说姚浩之所以能觉醒异能，就是那神秘少年给的药剂。而神秘少年之所以找到姚浩，就是因为姚浩和葛杰支付了救援费，还主动提前支付了觉醒药剂的钱。
葛杰还喜滋滋地告诉他们，那神秘少年答应他了，只要他精神力再提升一些，就也帮他觉醒。
这让那几个失诺的家伙后悔得恨不得撞墙。
二十万对他们算什么？
他们怎么就想要赖掉人家的救援费呢？还是他们自己答应给的。
这下好了，那神秘少年对他们的印象肯定跌到底谷了。
不说这几个后悔不迭的家伙，好多和姚浩同一个圈子的年轻人都来找姚浩，甚至主动给他塞好处。
还有人在他面前打滚撒泼，哭着喊着无论如何也要一支觉醒药剂，否则就不离开姚家。
甚至姚浩父母和祖父母那里都有人找上门，跟他们谈人情。
姚家人心情特别怪异，可问题是找他们也没用。
因为姚浩也联系不上王叶。
那王叶现在在哪儿呢？
他正在满世界的购物！
赚了那么多钱，不花掉，留着给银行当库存吗？
他才不干这傻事。
而且钱币就要流通起来才能让经济更活跃嘛。
他也是为了华夏乃至世界的经济推动献出了自己的一份力量。
就是王叶这个小气吧啦的，明明已经有很多钱了，可他还是不想浪费，他没找二道贩子和中间商，决定去原产地和批发市场进行大购物。
别人没法全世界范围的跑，但这对他就不是事。
他先到几个产粮大国，分批次、分不同地点，购买了大量大米、面粉、土豆、玉米、红薯等粮食。还有各国当地的各种土特产、美食和瓜果蔬菜药草等各种植物。
然后又跑了几个海鲜丰产的著名国度，在渔港跟渔民们直接购买大量新鲜海鲜，之后还跳到海里直接收了部分海水进入虫巢。
虫巢内就多了一个地下海，只有一小部分露在外面。
索性海洋生物很多就喜欢黑暗环境，地下海也不妨碍它们生活。
对此，小光是最高兴的，它早就想养海鲜了。
王叶：总觉得小光和浮游光虫群好像都给他养歪了，以前是什么都吃，现在依然是什么都吃，不过变得挑嘴了，还喜欢搞养殖业。不过知道可持续性发展，总比吃光杀光的好。
肉食当然也是不能缺的，牛羊猪鸡鸭鹅，鸽子鹌鹑火鸡，包括一些比较少见的人工饲养鳄鱼肉、驴肉、马肉、骆驼肉、鹿肉、鸵鸟肉等等，王叶是大买特买，一副要把赚的钱全部花光的势头。
一家老小跟着他一路吃，吃的是无比满足。
地球的美食和双月星的美食各有特点，他们魔法师不戒口，什么都能吃。
虫老有时会奇怪，王叶为什么要买这么多食物，但他没问。有时候超凡者的某些特殊行为就像是一种预防，那是一种对冥冥中要发生什么的提前感知。
那种感觉非常微妙，无法用言语形容，甚至都不会让本人意识到，它会变成一种潜意识，促使超凡者去做某些事情。
靳蜘蛛也看出了这点，他还和虫老单独谈了谈。
王叶在购物的同时也没忘记找能量眼。
如果是还完好的能量眼，他就只是看看，不会乱动。
但如果已经有喷发迹象的能量眼，他就想法再封印起来，如果这个能量眼里有特殊传承，他也会顺手捞出来。
只一个兽战士传承哪里够呢。
他私心可重了，就喜欢华夏人在未来的世界异变中不但能依然生活得好好的，武力值也要能占世界上风。
反正这些传承，他可以先学一遍，学会了放在那儿也没什么用，还不如给出去。
给方老那边，他还能换贡献值。
功夫不负有心人，找了那么多能量眼下来，还真给王叶又发现了两个传承。
这两个传承都很有意思，一个是炼体类，但需要吸收矿石，练到极处，据说能练成不灭体。
金宝对这个传承很感兴趣，水龙意识也说这个传承对于金宝有可取之处，可以让金宝顺带学习。
王叶就把这个传承也给了金宝一份，让他自己琢磨去了，反正有水龙意识在，不用担心金宝会练出问题。
另外一个传承则是血祭术，也就是利用自己的血液做攻击和防守，是个很容易让人患上贫血的异术。
但既然是传承，肯定有血液的弥补方法，而这个方法就是吸收他人或其他生灵的血液。
有那么点吸血鬼的味道。
就在王叶研究这两个传承时，他姑给他发来了紧急联系。
“叶子，你赶紧上网看看！游戏论坛上，那个先知者1999把你的真实身份信息给暴露出来了！那个该死的混蛋！”王沐愤怒地喊道。
而就在他姑联系他不到半分钟，他就收到了方老的亲自来电。
方老的话很简单，却极为有力：“不管你在哪里，暂时别冒头，玩你的，什么事都别管，也不要到网上发言。那个人和其背后势力，自有局里解决！”
方老最后还加了三个字：“乖，听话。”
王叶：“……”
第363章 我很乖
王叶瞄瞄前方安静美丽的住宅区，特别乖地回答：“我保证听话不搞事。”
“很好。”方老笑，随口问：“你现在在哪儿，干嘛呢？”
王叶乖乖地回答：“我在抓兔叽。”
王叶没说谎，他真的在抓兔子。
他体内的千木之毒已经给他破解到倒数第二层。
但想要炼制新的千木蜕变药剂，他需要相当庞大的生机作为药材。
为此他瞄上了袋鼠国的兔子。
只不过途中拐了个弯，先过来抓两只老鼠。
方老哈哈大笑，果然还是小孩子，“好好好，去玩吧，保持联系，别让我和你姑担心。”
“哦。”王叶收起手机，伸了个懒腰，嘀咕：“都到面前了，总不能什么都不干吧。”
雷木毫不犹豫地道：“干掉他们！能自己解决的敌人为什么要交给别人？”
“说得对。”老朋友，我这就来啦。
王叶大摇大摆地向住宅区走去，他处于隐身状态，谁都看不到他。
某些人真的太小瞧魔法师了，大概他们平日对付的人都是普通人，在意识上压根就不知道得罪魔法师，还是得罪一个博学的、高明的魔法师有多么可怕吧。
首先他有因果卷，先知者1999的真实身份在因果卷上一览无遗，他不但知道对方的姓名叫多米尼克史密斯，他连对方的年龄和真实职务都知道。
倒是他上辈子的那个熟人摩罗瓦，大约有些本事的缘故，在因果卷上显示出来的内容并不多。但他早知道对方的底细，只不过不确定他现在住在哪儿。
但先知者1999在网络上发布关于他会灭世的谣言，对他的恶意就像是一盏最明亮的指路明灯。
他只要布置一个小魔法，让恶意作为指路标，就能带着他找到先知者1999，只不过比起报复，他更喜欢购物，就没有直指目标。
而就算没有因果卷，先知者1999以为在网络上发言，魔法师就没办法抓住他了吗？
王叶对自己的游戏名施展了一个魔法，只要先知者1999在网络上发表关于他的言论，这个魔法就会被触发，并会在网络中自动追踪对方，同时还会给对方一个难忘的见面礼。
此时，一个浑身都被纱布包裹的人浑身抽搐地倒在地上，他坐的椅子也翻倒在地。
就在刚刚，他刚刚在游戏论坛公布王叶的真实身份信息，刚刚按下发布键，键盘中突然蹿出电流。
先知者1999多米尼克只是一个普通人，哪能抵抗电流侵袭，整个人都要被电糊了。
在多米尼克哐当一声倒下时，别墅地下室里，一道诡异的宛如骷髅的身影突然抬起头。
说他宛如骷髅，真的毫不夸张。
他原本并不是这样，就算瘦削苍白了些，看起来也是一个正常的人类。
可就在不久前，他就像是遭到了诅咒，身体中的脂肪、肌肉、甚至血液都在不断流失。
这还是他身怀神力保护的后果，没有神力保护的多米尼克身体内外都长满了恶疮。
医生都被吓到。
虽然医生竭力救治，但多米尼克身上的恶疮不但没有消失，反而越来越多，一个叠加一个，就连内脏上都长出了恶疮。
医生都惊讶多米尼克是怎么活下来的。
更可怕的是那恶疮在白天就奇痒无比，在晚上就剧痛无比。
多米尼克被折磨得死去活来，每天必须给自己注射大量的止痛药，否则连入睡都做不到。
这是折磨，对方并不想让他们死亡。
多米尼克在医院住了一段时间，因为医生们对他的病情束手无策，哪怕开刀切除也没办法解决恶疮。
刚割掉的恶疮很快就会在伤口处重新冒出。
医生和护士们都害怕了。
多米尼克干脆就开了一堆止疼药回来了。
他告诉多米尼克，不要再直接对上隔壁小王，那就是一个魔鬼，而他们中了魔鬼的诅咒。
但多米尼克压根不相信他的话，或者是他心中太过痛恨隔壁小王，另外这也是那些人定好的计划，最后多米尼克不听他的劝告，把隔壁小王的真实身份在网络上公布了。
公布隔壁小王的真实身份信息只是第二步，紧接着还有第三步。
但多米尼克显然再也不可能进行第三步。
摩罗瓦打开一本古老的魔法书，扎破自己的手指，把鲜血滴在他面前的一个银色雕像身上。
而他本人和银色雕像都位于一个六角形魔法阵中。
摩罗瓦嘴中念念有词，任由手指中的鲜血不断滴落。
奇异的，他的血像是都被银色雕像吸收，一滴都没有外流。
魔法阵十二个节点上点燃的蜡烛火焰忽然摇晃起来。
噗，一支蜡烛灭了。
紧跟着就是第二支、第三支。
摩罗瓦的口鼻中流出鲜血，就连眼睛和耳朵也跟着流出乌黑的血。
凶兆！
危险！
他必须离开！
噗，最后一根蜡烛也灭了。
摩罗瓦收起魔法书和那个银色雕像，爬起来，揭开地下室中一个盖子，迅速钻了进去。
至于合作者多米尼克？
他已经救不回对方，谁让那个蠢货不听他的话，还连累到他！
王叶如入无人之境般，走入了这栋别墅。
别墅中安装的各种监控设备和警戒措施，没有半点反应。
王叶施施然地走上二楼，推开一间房门，就看到倒在地上的木乃伊。
全身都裹着纱布，可不就像是木乃伊。
这具木乃伊浑身发出皮肉乃至内脏都腐烂的臭味，深黄色的脓液流出，浸湿了纱布。
哦，现在还有一股塑料被烧焦的恶臭。
王叶手指一抬。
木乃伊以一种奇怪的姿势站了起来，连同他旁边倒下的椅子也重新放好。
木乃伊被扔进了椅子中。
王叶不想碰触这家伙，拿出二胡，轻轻一拉。
治疗的因果之力进入木乃伊身体。
木乃伊眼皮颤抖，醒了过来。
“多米尼克史密斯？”一道声音在他脑中响起。
多米尼克没有任何抵抗地回答：“是。”
“为什么针对隔壁小王？”
“因为根据线人传回的消息，他很有可能帮助他人觉醒异能，能提供觉醒异能的药剂。上面要求尽力抓捕此人，如果能查清楚他是否真的拥有帮助他人觉醒异能的药剂，就把他带到我们这边。但自从线人被抓，华夏那边就很难渗透，隔壁小王此人也行踪不定。”
“你们的原计划？”
“原计划是先在网络上放出隔壁小王灭世的预言，让隔壁小王和华夏对立。再暴露先知者1999就是华夏人，让隔壁小王进一步仇恨华夏人和华夏。然后我们的人设法接触隔壁小王，并透露出我们已经从王涂手中救出他父母的事情，把隔壁小王带出华夏，让隔壁小王为我们服务。”
“为什么改变计划？”
“因为华夏方的应对让我们知道想要争取隔壁小王已经不可能，既然不能为我们所用，那就只能毁掉他，不能给华夏增加力量。”
“你们的新计划是什么？”
多米尼克就像是打开了水龙头开关一样，什么都说了出来：
“新计划是在网络上透露隔壁小王的真实身份信息，让他成为网红，让他走到哪里都被人围观，如此他不管怎么躲藏，都会暴露信息，这也方便我们寻找他。如果华夏方把他藏起来，为他整容和更换身份也没关系，我们还有下一步。”
“下一步就是公开隔壁小王父母的视频，让他用药剂配方交换他父母，如果不，我们也不会真的杀死他的父母，而是会让催眠师对他父母进行洗脑和精神暗示，加深他父母对儿子的不满和仇恨，再故意放出消息，让华夏方把他父母救回去。”
“但隔壁小王不会知道，他父母就是终结他生命的刽子手。如果他父母无法杀死他，也可以透露消息给我们，让我们的人下手。另外，他父母也将负责把觉醒药方偷出来。”
到此，多米尼克说出了组织解决隔壁小王的全部计划。
虫巢中的老小都气炸了。
虫老更是脸色阴沉，这个阴谋真的太毒辣。如果王叶不提防，真的有可能被他父母害死。
王叶反而不气不恼，他又问道：“摩罗瓦是你们组织的人？”
“不是，他只和我个人合作。一次任务中，他救了我，我把他带回家。他很古怪，但有很特殊的本领。上面让我保持观察，暗中研究他。”
“摩罗瓦怎么知道隔壁小王？”
“占卜。摩罗瓦擅长占卜和魔法阵。那天我跟他提起线人提供的消息，提到了隔壁小王的名字，他就忽然跟我说隔壁小王是魔鬼之子，会给世间带来灾难，会成为神子的敌人，必须消灭。但上面并不相信摩罗瓦的说法，哪怕摩罗瓦之前几个预言真的都中了。”
“神子是谁？”
“不知道。摩罗瓦从来没有提起过。”
“摩罗瓦在哪里？”
“他就在地下室，他喜欢阴暗潮湿的环境，他似乎患有某种不能见阳光的皮肤病。”
王叶猜测摩罗瓦现在九成已经不在地下室。
虽然提早了十五年，但从因果卷的显示来看，这个摩罗瓦虽然没有十五年后厉害，但也掌握了一定魔法知识，他其实应该算是这个世界最早一批自然觉醒的异能者。
Although it was fifteen years earlier, judging from the display of the cause and effect scroll, although this Morova was not as powerful as fifteen years later, he also had a certain amount of magical knowledge, and he should actually be regarded as the first batch of naturally awakened abilities in this world.
也许他的天赋异能真的就是预言。 Maybe his talent is really prophecy.
如果摩罗瓦的异能真的是预言，那么他的魔子和神子说就很有意思了。
If Morova's abilities are really prophecies, then it's interesting to say that his Son of Demon and Son of God are very interesting.
王叶很想知道对方到底看到了什么。 Wang Ye wanted to know what the other party saw.
王叶又询问了一些关于多尼米克所属组织的事情，把多米尼克知道的内容全都挖了出来，包括他父母的藏身地。
Wang Ye asked some more about Donic's organization, and dug up everything Dominic knew, including his parents' hiding place.
他还录音了，打算把录音内容交给方老。 He also recorded the recording, planning to give the recording to Fang Lao.
接下来的事情已经不是个人仇怨，而是国家层面的博弈，他就不插手了。
The next thing is no longer a personal grudge, but a game at the national level, and he will not intervene.
王叶还操纵多米尼克把他的电脑中的一些秘密信息都复制出来交给他，他甚至还使用多米尼克的身份信息进入他们那个组织的系统，查看那个组织都在搞些什么。
Wang Ye also manipulated Dominic to copy some secret information from his computer and give it to him, and he even used Dominic's identity information to enter their organization's system to see what that organization was doing.
王叶把能下载的都下载了。 Wang Ye downloaded everything he could.
而多米尼克本来就只剩下一口气，这时最后一口气消耗完，就瘫坐在椅子上彻底没了气息。
And Dominic had only one breath left, and when the last breath was consumed, he collapsed in his chair and was completely out of breath.
王叶还是去地下室看了看。 Wang Ye still went to the basement to take a look.
果然，摩罗瓦已经不在那里。 Sure enough, Morova was no longer there.
地面留下了一个魔法阵的痕迹。 The ground left traces of a magic circle.
是一个守护和抵御诅咒之力的魔法阵。 It is a magic circle that protects and resists the power of curses.
“叶子，四点方向十米。”雷木忽然提醒道。 "Leaves, ten meters in the direction of four o'clock." Lei Mu suddenly reminded.
王叶转头，魔法灯大亮，把地下室照得宛如白昼。 Wang Ye turned his head, and the magic lamp was bright, illuminating the basement as if it were day.
雷木所指方向有个货架。 There was a shelf in the direction that Raimu was pointing.
王叶走过去，在那里看到了一个眼熟的东西。 Wang Ye walked over and saw something familiar there.
虫老现身，示意王叶不要动那石偶。 The insect elder appeared and motioned to Wang Ye not to touch the stone puppet.
“邪神巴勒。”王叶嘀咕：“竟然在地球也有这玩意。”
"Balak, the evil god." Wang Ye muttered: "There is also this thing on the earth." ”
“它已经凝聚了一定力量，一定有人在祭祀它、崇拜它。”虫老面色很难看。邪神这东西真的太讨厌，还极难彻底灭绝。
"It has gathered a certain amount of power, and there must be people who are worshipping it and worshipping it." The old insect has an ugly complexion. This thing is really too annoying, and it is extremely difficult to completely exterminate it.
【任务发布！玩家隔壁小王在地球之行中意外发现了邪神巴勒的分意识之一，为免形成大的祸害，请隔壁小王彻底消灭这缕意识。任务完成，奖励经验值三万点。】
【Mission Released!】 The player's next door Xiao Wang accidentally discovered one of the sub-consciousness of the evil god Bale during his trip to the earth, in order to avoid a big disaster, please ask the next door Xiao Wang to completely eliminate this consciousness. Quest completion rewards 30,000 XP points. 】
王叶领了任务，示意大家走开，他的力量可以克制这种信仰力量。
Wang Ye received the task and motioned for everyone to go away, his strength could restrain this power of faith.
王叶也不敢小瞧这个雕像，虽然这雕像上面凝聚的力量和撒家地宫里那个差远了。
Wang Ye didn't dare to underestimate this statue, although the power condensed on this statue was far from the one in Sajia's underground palace.
王叶拿出了二胡，【源清流净】净化术施展。 Wang Ye took out the erhu, and the [Source Clear Stream] purification technique was cast.
石偶忽然冒出黑烟，所有人脑中还听到了一声刺耳的尖叫。
Black smoke suddenly came out of the stone puppet, and a piercing scream was heard in everyone's heads.
王叶怎么可能让它逃窜，【报应不爽】雷击术使出。 How could Wang Ye let it escape, [Retribution is unpleasant] lightning strike technique.
“轰隆！”一道比象腿还粗的闪电陡然从天而降，不但把那石偶劈得粉碎，更把这栋别墅从三楼到地下室全都给击穿。
王叶：“……”他发誓他已经控制了这招的威力。
雷木幽幽道：“你忘了雷石的加成作用。”
王叶看看地上粉碎的黑末，确定已经没有半丝邪神之力留下，可系统却没有提示他任务完成。
王叶皱眉，难道邪神巴勒的分意识不在这里，已经跑掉了？
“小叶子，你来看，这里有个通道。”虫老招呼徒弟。
王叶立刻跑过去，通道上的盖子已经揭开，下面传来一股阴冷的气息，还有点难闻的气味。
“是下水道。还有……”王叶把精神力延伸出去细细感知：“果然！这里有邪神巴勒力量的残留，刚才那个石偶只是一个分体的分体，有人带着另外一个邪神巴勒的雕像跑了。”
王叶正要追上去，忽有所感，打开因果卷。
就见因果卷第一次出现了整体变化。
宛如鲜血一样的红色遍布了整个因果卷。
这是什么意思？！
摩罗瓦踉踉跄跄地在野地中奔跑。
这里环境不错，也代表了偏僻。
住宅区和山区无缝衔接，也方便他做很多事情。
“找到……神子……”
那神秘的力量又一次和他通话了。
“啊！”一声尖叫陡然响起。
摩罗瓦抬头，看到了一个骑着自行车的少女。
少女满面惊恐地看着他，整个人都吓傻了。
“鬼！魔鬼！”女孩吓得连声喊道，她想跑，可她的腿软了，连踩踏板的力气都没有。
摩罗瓦痛苦道：“不，我不是魔鬼，我是神的奴仆。”
神秘的声音再次在他脑中响起：“魔子出现，找到神子……”
摩罗瓦深吸气，眼神变得坚定：“是。我会找到他，我一定会找到神子！”
摩罗瓦走向女孩，伸出手：“神的羔羊啊，你的牺牲会让众神苏醒，你的牺牲是在拯救这个世界，我获得你的力量，也必将肩负你的愿望，找到神子，抵御魔鬼之子，让众神降临世间，这是所有神仆的责任。现在，我以神的名义，赐予你荣耀。”
“不、不，不要过来！救命……”女孩的惊叫戛然而止。
第364章 给予、夺取
王叶深吸气。
他从没有见过因果卷变成这样。
这显然是一种警告。
他做了什么？
影响到了什么？
改变了什么？
以至于因果卷都在用这种方式提醒他。
而且这种影响绝不止少数几个人，而是影响面极广，否则不可能因果卷全红。
换言之，这种影响甚至是世界性质的。
王叶开始反省大半年他回到地球后做的各种事情。
首先，他通过西伯荒野那个传承考验，导致那里的能量眼封印破碎，那里的能量喷出速度要比上辈子快得多。
偏偏那个能量眼位于传承通道内部，他想去追加一个封印都不可能。因为他现在还不能进入那个通道，否则有被强行带离的可能性。
其次，他拿走了昆仑虚死亡谷的雷石，让雷电池消失，还给死亡谷的能量眼加了封印。
而上辈子这里应该是地球第一个封印被突破的能量眼，而他人为地延迟了能量喷发的时间，也就人为地延迟了昆仑虚乃至整个华夏的异变时间。
因为能量眼是能互相影响的，昆仑虚也不止一个能量眼，他延迟其中一个能量眼喷发，相当于就延迟了其他能量眼的喷发。他延迟了整个昆仑虚能量眼的喷发，也就延迟了整个华夏乃至周边乃至全世界的能量眼喷发。
第三，他不止动了华夏的能量眼，他还满世界地跑，到处寻找封印变弱的能量眼，不但加强封印，还又拿走两个传承。
第四，因为他，华夏异能者至少提前十五年出现，异能局也同样提前出现。
他还给华夏准备了精神力检测仪、基因进化药剂、异能觉醒药剂、觉醒图和兽战士传承。
而这五样东西，无论哪一种出现都能给华夏乃至整个世界带来巨变，更何况他一次性拿出了五样。
第五，因为他提前出现在游戏中，上辈子莫名其妙把他当做仇敌的摩罗瓦也提前十五年出现。
王叶吐气，很好，原来他干了这么多事。
一开始他只是想要弥补因果，但这就像某些穿越时间的电影的主题——回到过去弥补某些遗憾，往往都会越弥补越改变，也越糟糕。
所以现在的地球不会因为他重生、因为他的行为，变得要更糟糕了吧？
王叶并没有沮丧，他在想如果真的有糟糕的情况发生，他要如何让不利的局面扭转成有利的局面。
忽然，王叶抬起头。
有力量爆发，相当强大的力量。
王叶身影一闪，转眼就出现在力量爆发的地方。
地上躺着一个女孩和一辆已经扭曲的自行车。
女孩胸口赫然一个大洞，她的心脏没了。
王叶在这里感觉到了邪神之力。
但邪神也好，摩罗瓦也好，都不在现场。
嗯？王叶震惊，他竟然感觉到了生命之力？
这个女孩竟然还活着？
王叶迅速握住女孩手腕，查看女孩的生命症状。
还有救！
王叶毫不犹豫地施展【生生不息】，给女孩输入治疗用的因果之力。
但没有心脏做中转站供血，女孩的生命力也不可能维持太长时间。
这时赶到医院给女孩找个合适的心脏移植，哪怕是找个机械心脏，也都来不及了。
“小光，帮我问问你的子民，有谁愿意和这女孩融合，成为这个女孩的兽战士。”王叶一念之间做下决定。
浮游光虫本来就是寄生虫，理论上，它们可以寄生任何一种生物，只要那生物还有一口气。
如果配合兽战士传承，这个女孩就相当于和浮游光虫一直处在融合状态，但又互有意识。
等到女孩将来修炼等级高了，心脏也许可以重新生长出来，或者用其他替代物代替。
而这在双月星的超凡者中并不是神话，还有头颅被砍掉重新长出来的存在呢。
小光对此乐见其成，对着自己的子民咿咿叫。
不一会儿就有几只小虫子飞出来，围绕着女孩飞了两圈，有几只虫子又飞回虫巢，最后只有一只小虫子飞到王叶面前，传递出模糊意识。
王叶正儿八经地问：“那么你愿意成为这名少女的战斗伙伴，从此与她荣辱与共、同生共死吗？”
小虫子飞出一个圆圈。
“很好，我会再问问这个少女，如果她也愿意，你们就可以定下伙伴契约，稍等。”王叶给女孩灌了一瓶生命药剂，又加大能量输入。
女孩眼皮颤抖，她看到王叶刚要尖叫。
王叶的声音直接在她脑海中响起：“别怕，坏人已经跑了，我是在救你，安静，安心。”
Wang Ye's voice sounded directly in her mind: "Don't be afraid, the bad guys have already run away, I'm saving you, quiet, peace of mind." ”
奇妙的，少女的心真的安宁下来，她看王叶的眼神也不再恐惧，但她试图告诉王叶：“小心！有一个骷髅，一个魔鬼，他浑身都是血，说着奇怪的话，他……”
Wonderfully, the girl's heart was really at peace, and she was no longer afraid when she looked at Wang Ye, but she tried to tell Wang Ye: "Be careful! There was a skeleton, a devil, he was covered in blood, he said strange things, he ......"
女孩想到了那怪物对她做的事，猛地低头看向自己胸口。
The girl thought of what the monster had done to her, and looked down sharply at her chest.
低低的哼唱声在她耳边响起，女孩刚升起的恐惧和恐慌又再次退潮，但她流下了眼泪。
A low humming sound rang in her ears, and the girl's rising fear and panic ebbed again, but she shed tears.
她就要死了吗？ Is she going to die?
没有人能在被挖出心脏后还能活着。 No one can survive after their heart is gouged out.
“你不会死，现在你有一个活的可能。”王叶跟女孩提出了和一只虫子结为战斗伙伴，并修炼兽战士传承的活命方法。
"You're not going to die, now you have a chance to live." Wang Ye proposed to the girl that he would become a combat partner with a bug and cultivate the survival method of the beast warrior inheritance.
小虫子在女孩眼前飞舞，努力向女孩传达安抚的意思。 Small bugs flew in front of the girl's eyes, trying to convey a sense of comfort to the girl.
女孩没有接受到，但她很喜欢这只像萤火虫一样的小虫子。
The girl didn't take it, but she loved the little firefly-like bug.
“愿意，我愿意试试。只要它也愿意，我非常想要和它结为战斗伙伴。”女孩觉得这一切都神奇无比，她甚至怀疑她已经死了，这一切都是她临死前的幻想。
"Yes, I'm willing to try. As long as it wants to, I'd love to be a combat partner with it. The girl thought it was all magical, she even suspected that she was dead, it was all her dying fantasy.
不过这样的幻想显然十分美好，那么为什么不答应呢？
“如此，契约成立！”王叶手指轻轻一点女孩眉心。
女孩眉心透出光芒，像是在这一刻变得透明。
小虫子变成光点，如乳燕投怀一般投入女孩眉心。
一个神秘的魔法阵出现在女孩眉心，发出莹莹光芒。
不一会儿，魔法阵消失，女孩眉心恢复正常，就好像什么也没发生过。
不，神奇的事情正在发生。
女孩被掏空的心脏部位出现了一圈光影，她的伤口也被光芒覆盖，新的肉芽生出。
王叶放开女孩的手腕，任由契约之力在她身体里发挥作用。
当女孩胸口处的伤口完全被光芒覆盖时，女孩坐起了身体。
王叶知道女孩此时还处在慌乱和懵逼中，为了让她平稳度过，就使用了一点精神暗示：
“接下来你就回家，掩盖好你胸口的伤痕，不要让人知道你的心脏被人掏出，也不要说出你和一只战虫结为战斗伙伴。但你可以告诉你家人前半部分的实情，碰到怪人，对方想要攻击你，你的自行车被对方奇怪的能量所毁，有人路过，对方被惊跑。”
女孩傻愣愣地点头。
“好了，现在回家吧。放心，我会陪在你身边，会把兽战士传承交给你，以后你会变成一个强者，再也不会被怪物轻易伤害。”
王叶的话给了女孩勇气，她站起身，拉扯外衣，尽量掩盖住胸口的异样——伤口处现在还发着光。
王叶暗中对女孩施展了一个魔法，避免她胸口伤处异样被人看出来。
女孩回到家中，吓到了正在准备晚饭的母亲。
女孩母亲的一声尖叫，引来了女孩的父亲和兄弟。
接下来就是一阵慌乱和询问。
女孩看到家人，情绪才真的松懈下来，当即嚎啕大哭。
女孩家人都怒不可遏更恐惧万分，女孩的身上都是血迹。
女孩父亲当即打电话报警。
女孩母亲则赶紧检查女儿身上的伤口，并悄声询问女儿是否被侵犯。
女孩的兄弟提起棒球棍就要出去寻找那个欺负自己姐姐的怪物。
女孩连忙拉住兄弟：“那是魔鬼！是怪物！你不能去，它的爪子能直接掏出你的心脏！”
女孩母亲发现女儿胸口像是被野兽的爪子抓过一般，被撕去了一片皮肉，女孩身上的血迹应该就是从这个伤口里流出来的。
女孩母亲心疼地不住流泪，一边去拿急救箱，一边又喊丈夫赶紧送女儿去医院。
女孩父亲让儿子留在家里，等治安警来了好跟他们说明情况。
一家子忙乱成一团，等把女孩送到医院化验和包扎完毕，治安警也赶到了医院。
当地警方今天也忙成一团。
这是个平静的小镇，数年前，这里在山脚下新开发了一个小区，不少外地人买房搬迁过来，也有不少本地人在那个小区买房。
总体来说，小镇的生活十分平静，几乎没什么大案，最大的案子也就是有人聚众喝酒闹事，或者有人躲起来吸毒。
但今天小镇一栋房子突然被雷电劈了，从三楼到地下室都被劈开了一个大洞。
安保公司接到警报声当即打电话给屋主确定情况，但屋主一直没接电话，安保公司迅速报警。
正好附近有人家听到雷响，发现异样，也报了警。
治安警迅速赶到现场，他们原本以为这就是一起比较稀奇的自然灾害，结果进入这栋房子一看，竟然发现了一个全身裹在纱布里的死人。
有死人，那就是大案子了。
随后，又有警员在被雷电劈开的地下室里发现了异常，他们发现了魔法阵，还发现了那个通往下水道的地下通道。
那通道一看就是私自挖掘。 At first glance, the passage was dug privately.
毕竟没有哪个开发商会把那么大一个下水道入口就建在人家家里的地下室里。
After all, no developer would build a sewer entrance that large in the basement of someone's home.
裹满纱布的死尸，魔法阵，被雷电劈开的屋子，还有地下通道。
Dead bodies covered in gauze, magic arrays, houses split by lightning, and underground passages.
这案件怎么看都不正常。 This case is not normal no matter how you look at it.
且就在当地警方打算把尸体运走交给法医解剖时，两辆黑车赶到，出示证件，表示这里的案子他们接手了。
And just when the local police were about to transport the body away for forensic autopsy, two black cars arrived and showed their documents, indicating that they had taken over the case here.
事情变得更为复杂。 Things get more complicated.
当地治安警嗅出了阴谋和麻烦的味道，在请示上级后，他们毫不犹豫地把这个案子甩给了黑西装们。
The local vigilantes sniffed out the smell of conspiracy and trouble, and after consulting their superiors, they did not hesitate to dump the case on the black suits.
可这个案件还没有完全过去，他们就再次收到报警，说有个女孩被怪物袭击。
But before the case was completely over, they received another call to the police that a girl had been attacked by a monster.
经过医生验伤，女孩倒是伤得不重，但她的自行车毁坏的方式一看就不正常，那就是被某种强大的力量给扭成了麻花。
After the doctor's examination, the girl's injuries were not serious, but the way her bicycle was destroyed was not normal, that is, it was twisted into a twist by some powerful force.
而且女孩口述那怪物的外貌也让警方头疼。 And the girl's dictation of the monster's appearance also gave the police a headache.
最糟糕的是，他们在案发现场附近发现了一个下水道出口。
Worst of all, they found a sewer outlet near the scene of the crime.
于是伤害女孩的怪物就和那栋被雷电劈开的屋子联系起来。
So the monster that hurt the girl is connected to the house that was split open by lightning.
“我知道了！”一名警员恍然大悟：“肯定是那地下室里在搞什么邪教活动，弄了一只怪物出来，但这种怪物怎么能被允许出现，于是神降下雷电，想要劈死它，但它通过下水道跑了。但那怪物还是受伤了，所以想要抓住女孩吃掉来补充体力和恢复伤口。”
"I see!" A police officer suddenly realized: "There must be some kind of cult activity going on in the basement, and a monster came out, but how can this kind of monster be allowed to appear, so the god sent down thunder and lightning and tried to kill it, but it ran through the sewer." But the monster was still injured, so he wanted to catch the girl and eat it to replenish her strength and restore the wound. ”
几名治安警互视，都感到毛毛的。 Several security policemen looked at each other and felt hairy.
很快那几个黑西装又来了，详细问过女孩被袭击的经过，拿走了那辆自行车做证物，并严格要求当地警方包括当事人都不要把事情随便对外面泄露，以免引起不必要的恐慌和模仿犯罪。
Soon the black suits came again, asked the girl in detail about the attack, took the bicycle as evidence, and strictly asked the local police, including the parties, not to leak things to the outside casually, so as not to cause unnecessary panic and imitation crimes.
王叶一直跟在女孩身边，等到夜深人静时，他直接把兽战士传承灌入女孩大脑，让她自己按照传承慢慢修炼。
Wang Ye had been following the girl, and in the dead of night, he directly poured the beast warrior inheritance into the girl's brain, allowing her to slowly cultivate according to the inheritance.
“记住！没有得到我的允许，不要把这个传承交给别人，也不要随便暴露自己的能量，你也不想被当做怪物研究吧？但也没必要担惊受怕，好好保护自己、保护自己的家人。”
"Remember! Don't give this inheritance to anyone else without my permission, and don't expose your energy casually, you don't want to be studied as a monster, right? But there is no need to be afraid, protect yourself and your family. ”
“谢谢你。”女孩对这名东方小少年感激万分，是这个少年拯救了她的性命，给了她生的希望，更让她拥有了特别的能力。
"Thank you." The girl was very grateful to this little oriental boy, who saved her life, gave her hope for life, and gave her special abilities.
也是这个少年让她不用惊慌失措地面对一切，不用永远陷在恐惧中，最后只能被送入精神病疗养院。
It was also this teenager who made her not have to face everything in a panic, not to be in fear forever, and finally had to be sent to a psychiatric sanatorium.
“能告诉我你的名字吗？我不会随便骚扰你，我只是……”
"Can you tell me your name? I'm not going to harass you casually, I'm just ......"
“我明白。”女孩只是怕自己成为异端，想要同伴。王叶想了想，说道：“你玩极度危险这个游戏吗？我在游戏中的名字叫隔壁小王，你呢？我们可以加个好友，你有什么事可以发信件给我。”
"I understand." The girl was just afraid that she would become a heretic and wanted companionship. Wang Ye thought for a while and said, "Do you play the game of extreme danger?" My name in the game is Next Door Wang, what about you? We can add a friend, if you have anything you can send me a letter. ”
王叶说自己游戏名时说的是纯拼音发音。 When Wang Ye said the name of his game, he said pure pinyin pronunciation.
女孩愣了下，像是想到什么，吃惊道：“你不会就是……你是JRking？”
The girl was stunned, as if she thought of something, and said in surprise: "You can't be ...... Are you JRking? ”
对，是king，不是Wang。 Yes, it's king, not Wang.
这不是错译，而是世界玩家们给予隔壁小王的一种尊称加戏称，谁让这位一直都是排行榜第一，不是king是什么呢？
This is not a mistranslation, but a kind of honorific title and joking given to the little king next door by players around the world, who made this the number one in the rankings, what is not king?
王叶望天，这名字有点羞耻，他其实不太想承认。而且不知道的人还以为他姓金呢。
Wang Ye Wangtian, this name is a bit shameful, he actually doesn't want to admit it. And people who don't know still think that his surname is Kim.
看王叶没有否认，女孩兴奋了，那股兴奋之情甚至压下了今天遭遇的恐惧和不安。
Seeing that Wang Ye did not deny it, the girl was excited, and that excitement even suppressed the fear and uneasiness she encountered today.
“怪不得你这么神奇，原来你就是隔壁小王！天哪，我今天不会在做梦吧？对，我一定在做梦，隔壁小王怎么可能在现实中使用魔法，还帮助我契约了一只虫子当战虫，人没了心脏又怎么能活下来？”
"No wonder you're so magical, it turns out that you're the little king next door! Oh my God, I wouldn't be dreaming today, would I? Yes, I must be dreaming, how could Xiao Wang next door use magic in reality, and also helped me contract a bug as a war bug, how can a person survive without a heart? ”
女孩低喃，闭上眼睛，两手放到胸前：“神啊，请让我苏醒吧，我再也不向您祈祷要变成X战警了。我现在愿意就做一个普通人……”
女孩的愿望实现了，也没有实现。
早上当她起来，她下意识看向心口，那里伤痕和光芒都已经消失，只留下一个粉红色的刚长好的疤痕。
但在其他人眼中，她那里缺了一块皮肉，伤口正在愈合中。
女孩给自己鼓气，跳下床，自言自语道：“梦醒了，什么也没有发生！”
“嗨，伙计，我终于可以和你说话了，你得快点把兽战士传承练起来，光靠我一个吸收能量还是太少了，地球的能量真的比双月星少多了。哦，我是多么希望小叶子大人不要封印能量眼，而是全都打开，那样，地球一定会变成天堂~”
女孩一屁股坐到了地上，她竟然听到自己脑袋里有一个小孩子在说话，且像是八辈子没有说过话一样，一说就停不下来，不断叽叽喳喳巴拉巴拉。
詹妮安德森，一个曾经非常普通的小镇女孩，从今天开始拉开了她不再普通的一生……
王叶看着因果卷，还是那么红。
给点提示吧，至少让我知道我做的是对还是错。
“叶子，你应该更相信自己。”和他心念相通的雷木第一时间发现了他的纠结。
王叶委屈坏了，跟雷木告状嘀咕：“我已经努力做到我能做到的最好，可为什么冥冥中还是有什么在警告我，就好像我做的事情引起了某个极为可怕的后果。木木，我好冤！”
雷木冷静地道：“有时候好心也会办坏事。”
王叶揪手腕上的细丝。
“不过我不认为你做得不对，你目前为止做的一切，不管是我还是虫老他们，都再三考虑过，这是对你、对双月星、对地球都最好的处理方式。”
王叶顿时转阴为晴。
雷木好笑：“你有没有想过，那个冥冥中的警告不是在警告你做错了，而是在警告你，你做的事情已经引起了某个可怕存在的注意，而你做的事情正好大大损伤了他的利益，所以那个存在决定对你下手，或者提前要做某些事情。”
“可我收到的警告似乎不局限于某个存在，而是大面积的？”
“那就是对方还没有把你当做真正的敌人，只是察觉到世间变化，决定做某些能影响这个世界的事情。那个警告，我想应该是在让你提前做好应对巨变的准备。”
王叶被点醒，思维也更加开阔，他想到了上一世。
上一世，直到他死亡那天为止，整个地球看起来都似乎和以前一样。
但真的和以前一样吗？
王叶拼命回忆上一世从他十三四岁开始到他死亡那天为止，能称为大新闻的新闻。
他好像记得有一年哪里的火山爆发了，火山灰导致那一片好几个国家的温度降低，大大影响了他们的生活，后来很多国家都在支援他们。
还有一年有巨大海啸发生，这种海啸还连续发生了三次，也造成了相当大的灾难。
好像还有在北纬30度又发生了几个不解之谜，包括看到超级巨大的海洋怪兽什么的。他当时都是当做奇谈在看，压根就没当真。
对了，还有森林火灾，不止一处出现了森林火灾，那年新闻中一直说空气过于干燥什么的。
除此之外，好像某两年还频繁有人发消息说看到外星人，但后来这些消息就随着某国王室大婚直播沉默了。
还有什么？
王叶总觉得还有什么关键，但被他忽略了。
魔子，神子……
神子？！
王叶脑中终于有一个记忆被点醒。
同一时间，摩罗瓦仰头站在漆黑的森林里，仰头看着天空上的繁星，泪流满面。
那个女孩的力量竟然如此强大。
在他掏出她的心脏时，她身体中的能量爆发，竟然抓起那自行车就向他砸来。
幸好神帮他挡住了对方最后的奋力一击。
最后那女孩没有伤害到他，只让那自行车变得扭曲。
如此力量！
那也是隐藏的魔鬼之子。
幸好神把他带到了这个魔鬼之子面前，在她觉醒前，就吞噬了她的能量，让她再也无法作恶。
神果然无所不知，更充满怜悯。
他没有杀人，他没有伤害一个无辜的女孩，他只是杀死了一个魔子，为这个美丽灿烂的世界解决了一个隐患。
更值得庆幸的是他的身体不但得到了补充，他还获得了那女孩的能力。
以魔制魔，他用魔鬼的力量去消灭恶魔，他是神派在世间的惩罚者。
他以自己的身体为容器，容纳魔鬼的力量，也是在封印魔鬼的力量。
他愿意承受这份无人能够承受的痛苦，也愿意承受更多的痛苦，只要能让吾神降世，让神的荣光撒遍世界。
摩罗瓦闭上了眼睛，他知道神子在哪里了，也知道魔鬼之子都在哪里。
他的脑海中出现了成百上千的光点。
红色的光点是魔鬼之子，而略微黯淡的白色光点则是神仆。
只有一个淡淡的金色光点，那就是他要寻找和侍奉的神子！
这就是那女孩的能力，她能感知特别力量的存在。
这是多么伟大的偶遇和巧合，更是奇迹。
让他在最危难之际，获得这个女孩的能力，这是神创造的奇迹，更是神的指引。
第365章 掠夺之力、林芝
王叶想起了一件事，传闻坚果国出现了上帝之子，这位上帝之子叫弥撒亚，甚至受到了当代教皇的接见。
据说为了证明他是上帝之子，教会分别派出了三批人手去验证他施展的神迹。
最后教皇虽然没有宣布他就是上帝之子，但他站在教廷广场上亲自迎接这名青年。
当时西方世界和信仰教会的人几乎默认这个青年就是上帝之子重新诞生。
这个人是什么时候出现的，王叶已经记不得了，他当时也没有特别留意过这个人，只是看过听过相关新闻。
像这种神神叨叨的事，只要不是信教的人一般都是当做奇闻怪谈来看。
他记得这人似乎是叫做弥赛亚？
王叶先把他拿到的资料通过游戏信箱发给方老。
某种程度上，游戏系统确实要比一般通信系统更加可靠，不但更安全，也不怕丢失。
至少目前为止，还没有哪个黑客能攻破游戏系统的防守。
收到信件的方老，好奇王小叶会给他发什么，打开一看。
方老：“……”
这就是你的乖巧不惹事？
还有这么珍贵和绝密的资料，你小子到底是怎么弄到的？
但怎么看这些资料和信息也不像是假的，方老不敢耽误，立刻联系相关人士。
其中最宝贵也是目前就可以验证的一份资料，是该组织在华夏安排的线人名单，还包括一些公司在华夏秘密设立的研究所。
另外资料中还包含该组织在其他国家的秘密部署，和一些正在行动和即将激活的计划。
“全力寻找一个叫做弥赛亚的人，这个人会施展一些神迹，很可能是坚果国人。秘密寻找，不要泄露消息。”方老亲自交代局里的网络信息搜索部门。
王叶没把自己的父母的地址发给方老，这事他决定自己去解决。
实际上他现在已经就站在“收留”他父母的医院外面，而这里并不是资料上显示的地点。
这家医院规模不小，人员来来往往，谁能想到这么一家公立医院内部竟然还藏着一个人体研究所？
同一时间，摩罗瓦找到了距离他最近的一名魔子。
他是想先去找神子的，但神子距离他还很远，所以他决定一路上如果遇到魔子就先消灭掉。
这名魔子在修车厂工作，满脸络腮胡子，身上穿着沾染机油的工作服，整个人看起来脏兮兮的。
摩罗瓦看到这名魔子的第一眼就很不喜欢他，他讨厌这种身材高大又粗鲁的人。
“有事吗？”络腮胡拿起毛巾擦了擦手，不算很热情地问道。
这名瘦削苍白的中年人看起来有点古怪，而且他没有开车过来，而是一路走过来。
The thin, pale middle-aged man looked a little odd, and he didn't drive over, but walked all the way.
“你的车子坏了？抛锚在什么地方了吗？”络腮胡看对方不回答，又问了一句。
"Your car is broken? Anchored somewhere? Seeing that the other party did not answer, the beard asked again.
摩罗瓦点头，靠近络腮胡。 Morova nodded, approaching his beard.
这个修车厂规模不大，里面只有两名工人在干活。 The garage is small and has only two workers at work.
那两人现在的心神都在车子上，都没有往这边看。 The two of them were now focused on the car, and neither of them looked this way.
附近没有监控，也没有人，很好，就是现在！ There was no surveillance nearby, no one was there, and it was good, right now!
摩罗瓦突然伸手抓向络腮胡的心脏。 Morova suddenly reached out and grabbed the beard's heart.
络腮胡刚要厉喝，突然看到摩罗瓦手中握着的银色雕像的眼睛似乎转动了一下。
The beard was about to drink when he suddenly saw the eyes of the silver statue held in Morova's hand seem to roll.
络腮胡的意识陷入茫然。 The beard's consciousness was at a loss.
摩罗瓦的手指很正常，不正常的是他戴在手腕上的钢铁兽爪，就在刚刚，原本贴合在他手臂上的钢铁兽爪就在他的操控下，弹出来，裹住他的手。
Morova's fingers were normal, what was not normal was the steel claw he wore on his wrist, just now, the steel claw that was originally attached to his arm was under his control, popping out and wrapping his hand.
噗嗤！ Poof!
络腮胡的心脏被生生掏出。 The bearded heart was pulled out raw.
摩罗瓦露出笑意，一切顺利。 Morova smiled, and everything went well.
忽然！一股不小的力量爆发，摩罗瓦没有提防之下，被这股力量给震得摔了出去。
Suddenly! A large force erupted, and Morova was shocked by this force without being on guard.
而那名络腮胡也跟着倒下。 And the bearded man fell with it.
叮铃哐当，络腮胡倒下时手指下意识抓向附近的工作台，一堆工具被他带着掉到地上。
Jingle bells, and when the beard fell, his fingers subconsciously grabbed the nearby workbench, and a bunch of tools were carried by him and fell to the ground.
摩罗瓦摔出大门。 Morova slammed out the door.
“怎么回事？”车厂内的两名工人听到声音抬起头。 "What's going on?" Two workers in the depot looked up at the sound.
其中一名工人叫络腮胡的名字，没有听到回应，就拿着扳手走出来看，结果在大门口看到了倒在地上，身上全是血的络腮胡。
One of the workers, whose name was Beard, did not hear a response, so he walked out with a wrench and looked at it, only to see Beard lying on the ground at the gate, covered in blood.
工人大叫着络腮胡的名字，又对另一名工人大喊：“报警！赶紧报警！”
The worker shouted the beard's name and shouted to another worker: "Call the police!" Call the police! ”
该名工人还看到了摔在门口的摩罗瓦，立刻手持扳手冲过去，“该死的家伙，你做了什么！”
The worker also saw Morova falling at the door, and immediately rushed over with a wrench in hand, "Damn it, what did you do!" ”
摩罗瓦下意识挥舞安装了钢铁兽爪的手臂挡住工人的扳手攻击。
Morova subconsciously waved his arm equipped with steel claws to block the worker's wrench attack.
砰！那名工人竟然整个人都飞了起来，飞进了车厂内。 Bang! The worker flew into the garage.
一阵闷响，以及惊叫声响起。 There was a muffled sound, and screams rang out.
他的力气？摩罗瓦吃惊地看向自己的手，爬起来就跑。 His strength? Morova looked at his hand in surprise, got up and ran.
他手里还紧紧握着那名络腮胡的心脏。 He still held the bearded heart tightly in his hands.
有什么不对。 Something is wrong.
摩罗瓦思绪混乱，刚才一定发生了什么事情。 Morova's mind was confused, something must have happened just now.
跑到一半，他看到自己手中还握着络腮胡的心脏，当即厌恶地就要扔到地上。
Halfway through the run, he saw that he still held the bearded heart in his hand, and immediately threw it to the ground in disgust.
他现在身体健康，自然用不着拿这东西补充自己。
“奉献……给神……祭祀。”神秘的声音在脑中响起。
摩罗瓦这才没有把那颗心脏扔掉，而是就在路边阴影里，把手中心脏祭祀给银色雕像。
他把心脏放到银色雕像向上抬起的手掌里。
几乎是眨眼间，那颗心脏就消失了。
摩罗瓦露出满足的微笑。
但没一会儿，摩罗瓦又露出仓惶的神情。
他看不到脑中那些光点了，这是怎么回事？
过了大半天，摩罗瓦才搞清楚他身上发生了什么事。
他能感知神子神仆和魔子的能力消失了，取而代之的是力气增大了许多。
摩罗瓦非常愤怒，力气大有什么用？
力气大……也不错，但怎么能比得上他之前获得的感知之力。
没有之前的感知之力，他要如何找到那些魔子消灭，又如何尽快找到神子下落？
摩罗瓦抱头痛苦。
为什么会这样？
这是神对他的考验吗？
“你的能力……激发……掠夺……”
摩罗瓦凝固住，认真聆听神对他的教诲和指点。
但神只说了这一句，就没再发声。
摩罗瓦习以为常，神音怎么可能经常听到呢。
神已经给出了指点。
原来他也觉醒了能力，他是与魔子相反的神眷者。
预言并不是他的天赋能力，实际上他的预言术和魔法阵都是从那本通过神的指引得到的古魔法书上学来。
为什么他会突然觉醒成神眷者？
摩罗瓦想到那女孩临死前爆发的巨大能量。
那大概是一个极为强大的魔子，他之所以能觉醒自己的神力，应该是和那女孩的爆发有关，他很可能吸收了那股庞大的能量。
“神啊，这么说我的能力可以激发神眷者和魔子的能力，同时也可以掠夺他们的能力？但每次只能得到一种？每次得到新的，旧的就会消失？”
神没有回答他。
但摩罗瓦觉得就是这样的。
这让他非常懊恼，但很快他又开始自责。
神赐予他这样的能力，显然是希望他能帮助其他神眷者觉醒自己的神力，而掠夺则是赐予他寻找那些魔子的最强力量。
如果用得好，他可以消灭魔子中的最强者，还能拥有对方的能力。
摩罗瓦很快振作起来。
虽然失去感知那些光点很可惜，这让他无法提前消灭那些魔子，也无法提前找到神仆们。
但他牢牢记下了神子的所在位置，他现在可以一心一意地去寻找神子，如果对方还没有觉醒，他还可以帮助对方觉醒。
王叶隐身走入医院，凭借血缘魔法，他很轻易就能找到那两人的所在位置。
之所以没有一开始就来找两人，是他知道先知者1999如果想要利用他，就不会伤害这两人。
既然如此，他还不如先去找先知者1999，这样也能让对方和对方的组织来不及提防。
那个组织的反应速度也不慢，他因为救治和帮助那个女孩，花了不少时间，那个组织就把那两人给迅速转移了。
但有血缘魔法在，不管那个组织把那两人转移到哪里，他都能找到。
老王躺在病床上，身上贴了很多贴片，头部尤其多。
这个组织在拿老王当实验体，试图激活他的大脑，让他从植物人状态醒来。
王叶只随意看了看，就走向另一间病房。
林芝正坐在床边焦躁地咬着手指甲，她心里满是怨恨和烦躁。
也许她命不好吧，总是碰到渣子一样的男人。
先是王大强那个满口谎言的骗子，她以为对方真的是富有的房二代，家里十几套房产，就不顾对方比她大了十多岁，嫁给了这个男人。
谁想到这个男人就是个无能又只会喝酒的孬种，家里的房子更只有拆迁分的两套，其中一套还是给他妹妹王沐的，他自己只有一套七十平的房子。
如果王大强肯好好过日子，有那么一套不用还贷款的房子，条件也不算差了。
可那人渣不但不肯好好工作，还成天疑神疑鬼怀疑她和其他男人有来往，还经常喝醉酒打骂她。
就连她给他生了个儿子，那人渣也以为孩子不是他的，不肯好好养，还对外嚷嚷她给他戴了绿帽。
既然那人渣这么喊，她就成全他！
她林芝年轻漂亮，就算生了个孩子，也不是没人要的。
她原本想和王大强离婚，但王大强死活不同意，最后还勒索她和她男朋友，要他们给出五十万巨款，给了就离婚。
她只能跑。
可她那个男友也没能成为她的依靠，新鲜期过后，对方就偷偷消失了，把她一个人留在陌生的城市里。
她只能拼命打工养活自己。
为了养活自己，也为了让自己过得更好，她在一个好姐妹的介绍下，成为了职业小三。
这个职业听起来很难听，但她们不会逼迫男方离婚，不会去骚扰男方的正常家庭生活，不会去和男方的妻子接触，她们就提供服务，男方给钱给生活费，要分手只要给笔分手费就可以，很多男人都觉得找她们这种职业的，更方便。
林芝知道自己是被好姐妹洗脑了，她也知道她的职业不光荣。
但当她收到第一笔来自情人的生活费时，当她住进只有她自己、情人偶尔才来的豪华公寓时，她脑中已经只剩下要好好享受现在、多赚养老钱这个想法。
到饭店、商场、工厂打工，还不是一样要看人脸色，要服务别人。
她只是换了一种服务方式，而且只要服务一个人，还更轻松更舒服，赚得也更多。
林芝不断说服自己，后来就也真的觉得自己活得不错，还给家乡其他小姐妹联系，甚至主动帮她们介绍老板。
但人都是感情动物，她在前后几名老板身上都没有得到感情，也不敢，那些老板也不愿意和她发生感情。
她越来越有钱，可也越来越寂寞。
然后她碰到了一个年龄比她小八岁的大学生。
那名大学生火热地追求她，对她述说各种甜言蜜语，还特别浪漫。
她因为年龄之差犹豫过，可对方总是会拿社会上很多老妻少夫生活美满幸福的例子来说服她，还向她求婚了。
大学生对她很大方，每次出门总是对方花钱。
他求婚用的戒指也是钻戒，那颗钻石可大了。
大学生也没有隐瞒他的家世，还带她回他家看了，他父母都是高知识份子，在某大学工作，家里条件非常好。
而且两老对她也很好，知道她比他们儿子大八岁，也没有反感，反而对她说，他们儿子性子奔放，就需要有个成熟的女人来管管他、疼爱他。
她迅速沉迷在这段爱情中。
她和大学生订婚了，两老张罗着替他们买房子。
一切看起来都那么美好。
一天，她发现了大学生某个秘密，发现他似乎和现在最火的全息游戏《极度危险》有关，似乎是那家公司的主要创作人员之一。
她听到大学生打电话给某个大人物，提出了融资的事。
那位大人物似乎欣然同意。
她还听到大学生的父母跟大学生说，这是个好机会，他们家里都投资了，要么就跟林芝说，让她也投一些。
但大学生说还没结婚，现在就提投资的事，不太好，他不想让她有任何误会。
大学生父母摇头，说等结婚就来不及了，谁知道你们公司下次什么时候融资，而且公司这么赚，可能以后再也不会融资。
她心动了，谁不知道这个全息游戏的前景有多美好？
而且这是她偷听来的，是她无意听到的，并不是大学生主动提出。
于是，她跟大学生主动提出想要投资游戏的事。
大学生一开始还不愿意，说最低投资都要一千万起步。
大学生越不同意，她就越是想要投资。
最后她磨得大学生同意了，她被带去一个豪华办公室，看到了很多关于极度危险这个游戏的宣传单还有游戏头盔，见到了几位西装笔挺的工作人员。
在那里她和这家游戏公司的财务总监签下了一份投资协议，她把自己的八成财产都投入了，整整一千二百万。
她拿着那份协议，只觉得未来再也无忧。
随后大学生邀请她和他出游。
那是她人生最快乐的七天。
七天后，她回家，就再也联系不上大学生了。
她去大学生家里找他，结果被告知这房子就是一套短租房，现在租户已经离开。
她那时已经感到不妙，又打车赶往游戏公司，到了那里只看到一个空荡荡的办公室，那里同样被人短租。
她报警了。
一千两百万，绝不是小案子。
警方也认真查了，但那些人留下的身份信息都是假的，全都是套用别人的身份信息。
她提供了照片，可警方说这些人擅长化妆，还能随时整容，凭借照片也不一定能找到人。
事实上也是如此，警方找了半年多，都没有找到那些骗子的一点痕迹。
她痛苦到极点，那么多钱就这么被骗了！
那都是她付出青春、付出一切才存下来的养老钱。
她已经三十多了，她这个年龄当职业小三，已经赚不到多少钱，有钱的老板们更喜欢二十左右年轻粉嫩的女孩，最好还是大学生，带出去也有面子。
然后她一个姐妹给她出谋划策，让她设法给没有儿子的老板生一个儿子，这样一生也不用愁了。
她当时走投无路，就真的采取了这个建议。
她也确实幸运地怀孕了。
她还花了不少钱知道自己怀的是个男孩。
那个老板在知道她怀了一个男孩后也很高兴，怀孕期间对她特别好。
可她命真的太苦了，她竟然被那个老板的妻子找到了。
混乱中，有人把她推倒了，还在她肚子上踢了一脚。
她流产了。
更糟糕的是，医生说她以后很可能再也无法怀上孩子。
她告了那女人伤害罪，她得到了一笔赔偿。
可这笔才五十万的赔偿管什么用？
她光是事后疗养就花了不少钱。
而且她再也生不出孩子了，也就表示她老后再也没有依靠。
原本她打算赚一笔养老钱，就找个老实男人嫁掉，生个孩子，过正常人生活。
林芝觉得自己一生太悲惨了。
也许缺少什么就特别想要什么，她突然很想见一见当年那个被她抛弃……不，是不得不留下的那个孩子。
她偷偷回到了钟山市，倒是听到了一些好消息，王大强那个人渣竟然变成植物人了。
只是她儿子也不见了，也不知和那个精神病姑姑搬到了什么地方。
她手上还有一点钱，她想着儿子还小，想要带他离开这座城市，找个新地方过日子。
但找不到儿子也没办法。
可就在她打算离开钟山市时，有人找到了她，并把她迷昏了过去。
再醒来，她人就被关起来了。 When she woke up again, she was locked up.
她不知道自己在哪里，也不知道是谁把她关了起来。 She didn't know where she was, and she didn't know who locked her up.
她恐惧极了，一开始想的全是哪个老板的妻子在报复她。
She was terrified, and at first all she thought about was which boss's wife was taking revenge on her.
后来终于有声音跟她说话，她才知道她被抓被关和她那个儿子很有关系。
Later, when a voice finally spoke to her, she realized that her arrest and detention had something to do with her son.
现在那个声音就在和她说话。
“王叶不止早早就买了两套房子，他现在更是不得了，你知道吗，他掌握了一种神奇的药剂，这种药剂极为宝贵，价格也十分高昂，目前在华夏，这种药剂私底下的叫价已经达到一千万一支，但仍旧有价无市。”
“多少人都在寻找王叶，只为求一支药剂。甚至有人出价到一亿！”
林芝不断咬着嘴唇，一亿……那是她做梦都想获得的数额。
“如果王叶肯卖药方，那更不得了，随便就能卖出几十亿。你作为他的母亲，跟儿子要点零花钱，不也很正常？我们已经联系王叶，只要他肯把药方卖给我们，确认药方有效后，我们可以支付二十亿的研发费用。”
"If Wang Yeken sells prescriptions, it will be even more incredible, and he can sell billions of dollars casually. Isn't it normal for you, as his mother, to ask your son for pocket money? We have contacted Wang Ye, as long as he is willing to sell us the prescription, and after confirming that the prescription is effective, we can pay two billion research and development expenses. ”
“而王叶还没成年，他父亲变成了植物人，姑姑有精神病史，只有你这个母亲才最有资格成为他的法律监护人，代替他和我们签署这份合约，那二十亿也将交给你代为保管。”
林芝啃指甲。
“你想要和你儿子通话吗？想要和他见面吗？我们可以安排。”
“王叶是你的儿子，是你生下来的，他只要没成年，你对他就有全部的监护权和管辖权。就算他成年，你也是他母亲，他享有的，本该就应该有你的一份。”
“说句不好听的话，如果王叶死亡，他的遗产第一位继承人就应该是你。难不成你想你亲生儿子把他的遗产都留给他那个神经病姑姑？”
林芝当然不愿意。 Of course Lin Zhi was unwilling.
她儿子的，当然就该是她的。王沐一个精神病算什么东西！
否则大人养孩子干什么？不就是养儿防老。
不，我没有养育我儿子，我早早离开了他，我没有资格去得到这一切。这些人也不怀好意，我不应该听他们的。
林芝的脑子分成了两半，贪婪的欲望和仅剩的理智善意在搏斗。
这让她焦躁万分。
林芝不知道，此时她儿子就站在她面前。
而她刚才想的一切，都被她说了出来。
只一个小小的精神暗示，而林芝又正好处于非常想要诉求的心理状态下，她就像自言自语一样，把过往经历和心中的痛苦委屈都说了出来。
负责监听监视这个房间的人感到古怪，但因为房间里只有林芝一个人，这让他们错误判断，怀疑林芝是否精神压力太大，导致精神方面出了一些问题。
王叶看着这个陌生的女人，不知道该说什么。
雷木也好，虫老也好，虫巢里的老老小小也都很沉默。
“唉，爸叽，我现在明白那句可怜之人必有可恨之处是什么意思了。”金宝大大叹息，打破了沉寂。
小云摸摸金宝的头。
大黑趴在地上，头上依然顶着小光。
小光咿咿地小声跟大黑说着什么。
大黑觉得人类的世界太复杂了，而且骗子好多还特别狡猾。
终于，雷木开口了：“先把人带出去吧。以前是陌生人，以后也做一个陌生人好了。你给她留一笔钱当养老费，再给她留一份培元药剂，帮她进化身体体质，让她以后能够自保。如此，你欠她的生恩也算还清，今后两不相欠，也不用再见。”
王叶摸摸手腕上缠绕的细丝。
这话谁都不好说，没看虫老作为师父都没好开口，可木木却说出来了。
木木的想法可比他仁慈多了。
他原本只想把人救出来，给人一笔钱就了事。
他原本就对这位母亲没有什么期盼，可在听到对方是因为无法生育后，养老钱又被小白脸骗走，怕老了没人管，才跑来找他，王叶还是受到了不小的打击。
其实上辈子他就知道，不过上辈子他没有现在的本领，无法让这女人说出真实。
那女人找到他时，对他很是述说了一番思念之情，还真的让他小小感动了下，至少他对林芝产生了一点点同情。
但后来林芝找到了一个上了年纪的富商，想方设法做了对方第三任老婆，就把他这个儿子又给忘了个精光，还怕他去找她，最后给他打了一个电话，说不用他养老，但他也不要来找她要钱。
当时，他都要被这个女人给恶心坏了。
大概在这个女人心目中，只有钱才是最重要的吧。
既然如此，那他就给她一笔养老费，还要是依据国家法律判决的养老费，也恶心恶心对方。
但现在……就按照木木说的吧。
第366章 万毒不侵
王叶请虫老一起帮忙，施展了一个沉睡咒。
这栋楼里的所有人都在同时沉睡过去。
王叶不止想把林芝和老王弄出来，他还想带走这栋楼里所有被关押的人。
虽然他对这对男女没什么感情，但对方好歹冠着他父母的名头，这个组织随意抓捕这两人，他要是半点不回敬，对方还真以为他好欺负。
王叶把所有关押者都转移到虫巢隔离间，又把这里的服务器和电脑全都收拾了，剩下的人问了口供。
令他意想不到的是，他竟然在一个房间里发现了整整一箱子不同国家的货币和一袋钻石。
这大概是这个组织的备用流转资金？
王叶笑纳了这份收获。
虫老、靳蜘蛛和雷木则对这里的一系列研究设备很感兴趣，王叶也全都拆了收了，供家里老小随便玩耍。
等王叶离开这栋大楼时，楼里除了沉睡不醒的工作人员，就只剩下一栋附带简单家具的空楼……
王叶没有立刻回国，他得趁这个组织没有反应过来之前，多弄一点好处。
他刚刚从那个研究所的负责人那里得知一个最新消息，有人要购买一批药物，这批药物就是他们研究所负责出货。
现在这批药物已经到了王叶手上。
王叶决定代替这个研究所去卖货。
到了指定地点，真的有人来接货。
双方按照约定好的密语接头，又拿出电子码对证，确定身份无误后，当场一手交钱一手交货。
对方支付报酬用的是金条，而且金条是按照市场价的一半，简直不能更划算。
对方确定货物没有问题，半句废话都没多问，带着药物就离开了。
王叶本来想叫住对方，那药物他看过，虽然能一定程度增强人的体质，重点是增强人的肌肉和骨骼强度，但副作用也不小，也许就因为这原因，那药物没有被称为进化药剂，而是被称为强化药剂。
但话到嘴边，他决定不要多事。
人家既然花了大价钱买药，不可能不了解这个药物的方方面面。
只不过为了获得一批强大的战士，他们宁愿接受药物的副作用。
收获不小的王叶身影一闪，就从交易地点的地下车库消失，再次出现已经身在异能局方局长的办公室里。
方老看着突然出现的王叶：“……抓兔叽回来了？”
王叶咧嘴一笑，迅速转移话题：“给您老带了点小礼物。”
“哦，什么礼物？”
“您到最大的会议室里看一看就知道，走吧。”王叶做出邀请的姿势。
方老拍拍少年的肩膀，懒得问他之前都干了什么，他不想知道。
到了大会议室，门一打开，方老就啪地把门又关上了。
方老站在门外，抓着某人的衣领怒问：“你个小兔崽子你干什么了？怎么弄来这么多病人？”
全部躺在地上，有的人身上还穿着病服，看起来可不就像是一堆病人吗？
王叶笑嘻嘻地道：“不算是病人，这里面不少人的身份都会让您大吃一惊。我想着与其留给那个组织，还不如让您、让我国以救命恩人的身份出现，那么些人总有些帮助吧。”
方老想要捂额，他承认如果这些人的身份真的像王叶述说，那么对国家肯定是有一些好处的，但王叶把这么多人就这么弄回来，也代表麻烦会跟着过来。
“我处理得很干净，保证对方不知道是谁干的，就算有所怀疑，也没有证据。”王叶给了保证。
方老血压飙飞：“你……我让你别惹事，别动手，你怎么还是自己跑去找那个组织的麻烦？”
“我没找他们麻烦啊，如果我真的想找他们麻烦，这个组织现在已经消失了。”王叶笑嘻嘻地说出极为可怕的话。
方老心脏一颤，他深深凝视这个年龄不大的少年，有种对方说的不是夸大之言的恐惧感。
真的，王叶如果不是顾忌着因果，以他的脾气，这个组织这样招惹他，还想存在下去？
“行了，这些人交给我。你……真的不要再做某些太出格的事情，懂？”
“嗯，放心，我不会乱来。如果不得不做，我一定会洗干净尾巴。”王叶特别懂事地点头。
方老捂住心脏，觉得自己要来一瓶速效救心丸。
嗐，小孩子不好养啊。
“你父母那边？”
“有两件小事想请您帮个忙。林芝那边我会给她一笔生活费和养老费，局里再在安排全民进化、发第一批基因进化药剂时，给林芝一份，我用培元药剂换，以后她过她的，我过我的，各不相扰。”
方老：用你的培元药剂换我们这边才研发的初级基因进化药剂？你确定？
王叶无比确定，他不想把自己炼制的药剂给那女人使用，就当是他的任性吧。
方老见王叶坚持，他自然毫无意见，老周四人的例子还在那里，培元药剂的效果有多好，他能不知道吗？
王叶又道：“老王那边，我想麻烦局里给他重新找一家疗养院，不需要多好，费用我出。另外就是请局里帮忙给两人换一个新的身份。”
方老听懂了少年的意思。王叶明显在告诉他，国家不需要看在他的面子上给他父母过多优待，就当普通老百姓就可以。
而且少年都直接称呼自己父母的名字了，这又不是外国，足见王叶对他这对父母有多么不待见。
所以就按照少年所说来安排他父母就足够，他们也没必要做多余的事情。
再说只要了解王叶身世的——王大强和林芝的人生经历都被仔细调查过，有这么一对父母，只能说是当子女的倒霉。
王叶这时还愿意尽一份子女的责任，已经是很了不得的表现，哪怕对方是迫于社会大环境。
可仔细想想，这个少年才十四岁不到，应该是那对父母尽到抚养他的责任才对，而不是让他反过来赡养那两人。
“这是小事。”方老当场就让人帮忙去办手续。
像他们这种部门，多少都会遇到需要保护证人或保护相应人员家属，为他们改头换面的事情，做起来有一套成熟的处理系统，王叶需求的又非常简单，很快就能搞定。
“你把那两人也留下吧，接下来的事不需要你再费心，我们局里有专门处理这种事的人。”方老想要给小家伙省点心。
“不麻烦？”王叶还有点不好意思。
方老笑，揽住少年的肩膀：“不麻烦。”
王叶也就没客气，有局里帮忙，他确实可以轻松很多，最起码他不用面对林芝编出来的想儿子谎言。
“不用跟他们提起我。”
“放心，他们什么都不会知道，只以为是被官方组织救了回来。”
虫老见王叶把那对男女也交给了方老，皱了皱眉头。
虫老趁王叶离开房间之际，在那两人身上施展了一个小魔法。
要不了两天，林芝就会把老王和王叶这两个人忘得一干二净，她只会记得她很早就从村里出来打工，至于她和老王那一段，会被其他记忆代替。
人的记忆是很有意思的，记不清楚的时候，就会自己创造记忆，甚至替代原来的记忆，自己还不会察觉有问题。
至于老王，如果他有醒来的一天，他也会忘记一切，直接进入老年痴呆症状态。
在知道小叶子的真实过往后，虫老特别讨厌老王，恨不得一巴掌拍死他！让老王变成老年痴呆症患者，已经是他手下留情的后果。
不过虫老不认为老王还能醒得过来，就算他原来还有希望，在经过那个组织乱七八糟的人体实验后，这一分希望也彻底消失。
其实现在让老王安乐死，才是对他最大的仁慈。
王叶离开了，走时一身轻松。
他有预感，这将是他最后一次见那对男女，以后他将再也不会见到他们。
方老先安排人处理林芝和王大强，再转个弯去看那一房间的礼物。
比起那对男女，这个房间的人才是真麻烦货色。
首先安排翻译人员和医护人员到位，然后再想一个集体救出的借口，还要和相关方面联系通气。
方老看着手中王叶交给他的硬盘，又好气又好笑。那小兔崽子真会给他找事！
但他也不得不承认，这件事办好了，无论对他个人，还是对异能局，都有不小的好处。
对了，他还想跟王叶交代网络上他身份信息暴露一事的结果，结果忙起来就忘了。
算了，等会儿给他发邮件吧。
王叶去了袋鼠国，继续自己没完成的事情。
袋鼠洲有三样生物已经泛滥并酿成生态环境灾难，分别是兔子、袋鼠和鲤鱼。
袋鼠还好一点，兔子和鲤鱼已经到了灭之无力的程度。
“小的们，接下来就到了你们大吃特吃的时间了，这里的所有兔子和鲤鱼，你们可以随便吃，放开来吃！”
王叶大手一挥，放出了所有浮游光虫。
现在他的浮游光虫群已经达到三千只左右，这还是小光加以控制并精益求精的结果。
小光第一个冲了出去，她要收集大量肉食，放到虫巢保鲜仓库中存储起来，现在不吃，将来也能吃。
大黑汪的一声跟着小光冲了出去。
小云也难得蹦跶出来，袋鼠国地广人稀，他出来走走也不会引人注意。
金宝蹿到小云肩膀上，没一会儿就和小云跑得不见影子。
王叶丝毫不担心，家里老小都给他赋予了随便进出虫巢的权力，只要距离虫巢不太远，百里之类都能直接传送回家。
虫老和靳蜘蛛溜达出去寻找当地的能量眼和特有的植物昆虫等。
王叶就一个人蹲在地上开始布置魔法阵。
这个魔法阵的作用就是吸引兔子。如果是其他生物，则会被自然排斥，连想走入魔法阵都不可能。
每只兔子进入这个魔法阵，其生命能量就会被吸走，注入魔法阵中央的药材中。
王叶一口气布置了一百零八个魔法阵。
弄个零头，只是他的恶趣味。
好在这些魔法阵都被布置在野外，就是有猎人偶发发现野兔行踪怪异，都在集中朝一个方向跑，但等他们找到魔法阵所在地点，发现那些野兔进入一个范围内就会突然变成干尸消失，比起研究原因，九成会被吓得迅速离开。
实际上这些野兔还是有东西留下的，那就是它们的皮毛，只不过魔法阵中还有一个传送魔法阵，可以把兔皮直接传送到虫巢中。
王叶打开因果卷，嘀咕：“如果要算因果，我这算是欠了兔子极大的因果了吧？但我又帮助了袋鼠国人，还拯救了这一个大洲的生态环境，相当于也拯救了其他许多植物和动物，这份因果又要怎么算呢？”
所以幸好他修炼的因果之力是以人为本。
如此他解决这些兔子，总体结算下来，不但无过还大大有功。
王叶在澳洲待了将近半个月，澳洲的兔子还有鲤鱼少了十之八九。
在当地人察觉这两种生物的剧烈减少时，比起欢庆，他们更为恐慌。
没有看到大量的猎人，也没有大肆捕捞，没见投药、没听到枪声，那些兔子和鲤鱼都是怎么消失的？
王叶可不知道他创造了多少荒野恐怖传说。
虫老在该洲一个能量眼中发现了一个传承。
这个传承特别有意思，可以让人长翅膀变成鸟人，简单说就是用能量凝成自己的翅膀。
虫老还跟王叶说，这个传承很适合交给异能局，比那个吸血使用血液的好。
半个月后，王叶不但成功收集了相应药材，还炼制出了新的千木蜕变药剂。
“倒数第二支药剂，如果疯药王在这里，肯定要啰里啰嗦一堆。”王叶摇头晃脑地说。
雷木暗笑：“想疯药王了？”
“才不想他。好吧，有一点点。还有闻笛师父和兰道师父，也不知道他们现在怎样了。”王叶看着这支用上百万只兔子和相同数量鲤鱼的生命力炼制出来的千木蜕变药剂，仰头一口喝下。
王叶利用魔法阵解决的野兔和鲤鱼何止百万，他实际解决的可是整个大洲九成左右的数量。
那么多生命力他自然不会浪费，全都给他收集起来，凝练成生命力源珠，以后当做特殊药材使用。
因为雷木，虫巢中的生命力已经足够丰富，不用那些野兔和鲤鱼的生命力来继续丰富。
王叶咂咂嘴，不满道：“怎么感觉这支药剂喝了跟没喝一样，我身体里半点反应都没有。”
雷木刚想说你再等等看。
王叶突然就化成了一滩流动的液体。
虫老和靳蜘蛛，包括回来的小的们，全都围过来看。
雷木也不得不暂时脱离王叶，待在龙头骨花盆里静观其变。
王叶猜测他现在应该特别疼痛，只不过他身体对疼痛感知低微，只感到了一点点像是身体被打碎的疼痛感。
王叶甚至还能分心查看自己的因果卷。
因为因果卷变红的缘故，他这段时间有事没事就会打开因果卷看看，看有没有其他变化。
今天因果卷还是血染一样的颜色。
王叶注意观察摩罗瓦的信息。
上辈子摩罗瓦这个人虽然有些神神叨叨的地方，但很好解决。
他上辈子在地球可没有觉醒异能，也无法在地球施展魔法，但他依然杀死了摩罗瓦。
这就说明摩罗瓦……至少上辈子的摩罗瓦也没有觉醒异能，就武力值来说，就是个普通人。
那么这辈子的摩罗瓦为什么就突然从普通人变成一个异能者了？
王叶之所以怀疑摩罗瓦是异能者，就因为他在女孩昏迷现场感觉到的庞大能量残余，还有那辆自行车。
但那时他并不知道那能量是女孩临死前爆发出来，他以为是摩罗瓦出手了。
错有错招，王叶现在的认识也没错，摩罗瓦确实觉醒了异能。
王叶有种古怪的感觉，他在有意拖慢整个地球进入能量爆发也是大异变的时间，但这样做似乎反而让异能者提前出现了。
虽然觉醒的人数不多，但如果摩罗瓦真的觉醒了异能，那就不能等闲视之。
那可是深信有魔子和神子存在的人。这样一个脑子有问题的人，让他觉醒异能，如果还是特别厉害的异能，那不就跟把核弹发射器放入他手里没什么区别？
怪不得因果卷全红了。
这个摩罗瓦一定是关键。
王叶宛如液态金属人一样，从一滩液体又慢慢凝练出人形。
当他的身体完全恢复原样，王叶抬手摸了摸额头。
那里的最后一点红包终于消失了。
“什么感觉？”虫老和靳蜘蛛异口同声问道。
王叶得意地插腰：“以后我将万毒不侵。再完成最后一步，哪怕砍下我的脑袋、挖出我的心脏，我也不会死亡。”
实际上，按照疯药王设想，如果真有人能挨过并解开千木之毒，最后不但能大幅度提高体质、开拓脑力、提升资质，并成就万毒不侵之体，更重要的是能获得接近不死的能力。
但千木之毒能不能解开，完全靠疯药王研究的理论知识，从来没有人成功过。
疯药王认为他的弟子就应该能解开这个毒，而从不管他收下的弟子是否真能制作出每一阶段的千木蜕变药剂。
要王叶说，疯药王就是真正的老疯子！
不说最后一道药剂，只看这倒数第二支药剂，需要数百万生命提供生命能量，这换一个人能做到吗？
如果不是袋鼠国这边正好野兔和鲤鱼泛滥成灾，他要想完成这支药剂恐怕得设法抓苍蝇蚊子，到时那可不是几百万只就能满足，至少也得几十亿只，甚至更多蚊蝇才行。
王叶只要想想那数量就觉得可怕。
当然他也可以去杀死百万人口，也许换成人类还要不了那么多数量，可能二三十万人也就差不多了。
但他能下得了这个手吗？
所以疯药王的千木之毒想要解开，真不是只有知识就能行得通。
王叶还在感受自己的身体变化，就收到了来自方老的最新联系。
王叶见是语音邮件，随手点开，谁想一打开就是咆哮。
“你小子是不是忘了你还在义务教育中，不去上学，成天在外游荡是想干嘛？给我滚回来上学！”
王叶：“……”他被哪个中学录取了来着？
“另外，你让人留意的那个叫弥赛亚的人，我们很可能找到了。”方老咆哮完就开始说正事。
“弥赛亚，坚果国大火山州人，大约在半年前开始，有人传出他身上有神迹降临，说是他原本只是一个脆骨症患者，但在感受神迹后，他就变成了一个正常人。同时他还能对别人施展神迹。”
第367章 神子是谁
弥赛亚看着窗外，他的父亲意气风发地正在和牧师说着话，他的母亲笑意盎然地收下不知是哪里来的人送来的果篮等食物。
他还看到有坐在轮椅上的病人被从车子里推出来，来到他家门口，牧师上前对他们说了什么。
坐在轮椅里的瘦弱女人抬头看向二楼……
弥撒亚缩回头。
“嗨，你怎么又在发呆？”好友乔恩翻窗进来。
弥赛亚抿了抿嘴唇，小声说道：“我想去上学，但我父亲说我现在不适合去学校。”
“是因为上次的事情吗？”乔恩坐到他身边。
弥赛亚点头，抱起膝盖。
乔恩却拍拍他的肩膀说：“上次那真是太酷了！谁让马克那个白痴欺负你，他有那样的下场是活该。”
弥赛亚藏起眼睛：“大家都在恐惧我。”
“不，他们是惊讶神迹！”乔恩激动地挥舞手臂：“那是神迹懂吗？马克打肿了你的眼睛，他的眼睛就被乌鸦啄瞎，这是……”
“别说了。”弥赛亚听不下去。
乔恩侧头看好友，眼光复杂，他不明白弥赛亚为什么会恐惧神恩，被神宠爱不好吗，获得神一般的能力不好吗？
他想要都得不到。
“我听你母亲说，你们家准备在附近举行一次弥撒？听说还搞了网络报名，会有很多人参加，需要我帮忙吗？”乔恩热情地问。
弥撒亚摇头，露出眼睛看向好友：“我不想去。”
“你不想去做弥撒？为什么？”
“我父亲会让我上台，会让我展现神迹……”弥赛亚异常羞耻地说道。
乔恩：“那不好吗？你可以帮助他人免除痛苦，让不能走路的人重新站起来，让看不见的人重见光明，让身患癌症的能继续生命，你会成为所有人的希望，成为他们崇拜和敬仰的对象。”
弥赛亚摇头，他愿意帮助他人，但他不愿意被那么多人围着，被那么多人呼唤他的名字。
上次弥撒，他只是治疗好一个病人，他父亲就挑动了满屋子人的情绪，那么大的帐篷里都是人们疯狂的喊叫声，他们渴望碰触他，渴望他伸出手，他被所有人包围着……
那让他恐惧，让他感到窒息。
“我想获得健康，但我不想要施展神迹的能力。如果可以，我希望神能收走我的能力，我只想做一个普通人。”弥赛亚只能对好友述说他的真实想法。
乔恩只觉得弥撒亚身在福中不知福，如果换了他……
“可是神看中了你，你看你叫弥赛亚，大家都说你就是上帝之子的重生。而你现在感受到的痛苦，是你做为上帝之子必须背负的。”乔恩学着大人的腔调说道。
弥赛亚埋下头。
他因为脆骨症，一直孤独地生活，他人的嘲笑和同情，造成他性格异常敏感，也不喜欢接触外界，他习惯了孤独。
乔恩一家在两年前搬来，乔恩的性格活泼外向，因为乔恩的主动，他们成为了好友。
他很喜欢乔恩，因为乔恩能做到他做不到的事情，因为乔恩有着他向往的性格和好动。
但现在他觉得乔恩变得怪怪的，他有时能明显感觉到乔恩对他的妒忌。
乔恩还问过他是如何获得神恩，他含糊过去，乔恩为此很不高兴，认为他隐瞒了什么。
“弥撒明天才开始，你要是不想待在家里，我们出去走走吧。”乔恩提议。
弥赛亚不想失去这个朋友，所以他一般不会拒绝乔恩的提议，再说，他也确实不想待在家里。
两个才十三四岁的少年偷偷跑出了家。
他们骑着自行车，快乐地你追我赶。
弥赛亚喜欢这份活力，他用力踩踏着脚踏，让风吹拂到脸上，这是他渴望多年的健康。
他感谢神，让他恢复健康。
他有时也觉得自己是不是要求太多了，神给了他这样神奇的能力，他就应该接受，而不是……
弥赛亚捏下刹车，单脚踩地面：“乔恩，我们这是去哪里？”
乔恩也捏下刹车，转头，快乐地道：“去那个山洞。我们好久没去了。”
“不，我不想去。”弥赛亚调转车头。
“嗨，你是怎么回事？”乔恩骑着车子过来拦住他。
“为什么不想去那里？你不是一直都想和我去探险吗？我们上次只去过一次，那时你身体还没好，你坐着轮椅，我们都没有深入多少，现在你身体好了，我们再去探险一次不好吗？”乔恩奇怪道。
“不，我不想去。”弥赛亚坚持。
“总要有个理由吧？”乔恩不爽。
“我不喜欢黑暗，那里太暗了。”
“胆小鬼。你可是上帝之子！你能施展神迹，你怎么能惧怕黑暗？走啦，我们就去转一转，你就当陪我嘛。”
弥赛亚还是摇头，甚至带着点乞求道：“乔恩，我们去别的地方玩吧，我真的不喜欢那个地方，那地方很可怕，真的，你也不要再进去。”
乔恩看他这样，撇撇嘴，“行吧，我们去别的地方玩。”
弥赛亚松了口气，对乔恩露出笑容。
虫巢中，金宝跳到王叶肩膀上：“爸叽，我用十块奶糖跟你打赌，这个叫乔恩的男孩一定会单独跑去那个山洞。”
王叶弹了弹金宝：“不赌。这么明显的事还用打赌吗？”
金宝眼珠一转，又道：“那我跟你打另一个赌，赌弥赛亚和乔恩会友情破裂，一百块奶糖。”
王叶抓起金宝扔到小云身上：“别一天到晚想着吃糖，小心你的牙齿。”
“我的牙齿好得很，我们龙族才不像你们人类这么脆弱叽。”金宝故意张开嘴巴，露出自己的小牙牙。
“龙族？你不是精灵族了？”王叶好笑。
金宝偏头：“我也是精灵族，我想变成龙族就变成龙族，想当精灵就当精灵。”
“你小心变成四不像。”王叶跟上那两个少年。
初见弥赛亚时，王叶十分惊讶。
因为这个弥赛亚跟他上辈子记得的神子有些不同。
他记得那报道中曾提到，上帝之子弥赛亚金发碧眼、身材高大、英俊非凡，宛如真正的神祇降临人间。
可眼前的男孩，明明和他同龄，看起来却比他瘦小得多。
而且他根本不是金发碧眼，而是褐发灰眸。
总不能这个男孩长大后为了更像神子，特意染了头发，又戴了美瞳吧？
倒是那个爬窗进来的乔恩，有一头灿烂的浅黄色头发，还有一双蓝眼，就是脸上雀斑多了一些，还有个塌鼻子。
到了傍晚，弥赛亚回家，他家人已经发现他不在家，把他骂了一顿。
弥撒亚沉默地听着父母的责怪，沉默地吃着晚饭。
王叶亲自盯梢弥赛亚，就派了一只浮游光虫盯梢乔恩。
“这个男孩身上没有邪神的能量，他是自然觉醒的超凡者。”虫老判断。
“意念师，我意即我意，只要我想就能成真，最强大的异能之一。这个少年如果成长起来，说不定真的能成为地球的神灵。”靳蜘蛛感叹。
王叶惊叹：“这么厉害？不过他体内能量和精神力确实都很强，比方老和李梵还要强大。我还以为姚浩是第一个觉醒者，没想到弥赛亚在半年前就觉醒了。”
“天外有天，人外有人。”虫老小小教育弟子。
王叶很坦然地点头，他从来不认为他自己是最强的，他只是比普通人强一点而已，另外就是多了一世的经历。
而他这辈子的目标也不打算做个最强者，他只要做到在药师中他是最强的魔阵师，在魔阵师中他是最强的卷轴师，在卷轴师中他是最强的炼金师，在炼金师中他是最强的治疗者……这样就很好。
“要用精神暗示问问他半年前发生了什么事吗？”靳蜘蛛很感兴趣地问。
“这小孩的精神力有些不稳定，但他的精神力异常强大。精神暗示恐怕效果不佳，还是用入梦术吧。”王叶道。
弥赛亚当晚做了一个梦，他又梦见了那天的情景。
半年前，他身体还没有好，只能坐在电动轮椅上。
电动轮椅很贵，但他父母还是咬牙给他买了。
他感激他的父母，也深深爱着他们。
他们从没有放弃他，所以哪怕今天他们不顾他的意愿，和牧师合谋把他塑造为上帝之子，他也没有反抗。
他想着只要能给他们赚一大笔钱，让他们后半生无忧，他就偷偷离开。
想着父母和未来，弥赛亚的恐惧消失了一些。
而且这是梦……他知道这是梦。
他就像旁观者一样，看着自己操纵着电动轮椅进入那扇铁门。
而他会自己单独进去，只因为乔恩带他进来探险时，他听到了一个声音。
那个声音跟他说，他可以让他恢复健康，但要他一个人过来。
他犹豫了好几天，但还是没有抵得住诱惑。
他太想要恢复健康。
于是，他甩开所有人，偷偷的，一大清早，自己跑来了。
他吃力地解开铁门上缠绕的锁链，推开门，进入那黑暗的洞穴中。
进入矿洞不久，他就再次听到了那个声音。
他非常恐惧，但想要获得健康的渴望压倒了恐惧。
他在那个声音的指引下逐渐深入矿洞。
然后在一个分岔的洞底，他看到了一个奇怪的雕像。
那个雕像让他靠近它，让他呼唤它的名字。
他一开始照做了。
但在他第三次即将呼唤这个雕像的名字时，他忽然感到了极度恐惧，他觉得自己身体中有什么东西就要离开他。
他忽然感到那雕像极度邪恶。
他把第三次呼唤给咽了回去，他还试图离开那个雕像，离它越远越好。
但那个雕像发现他的动静，似乎急了。
他听到很多窸窸窣窣的声音，不知从哪里来的大量毒蛇包围住了他。
他吓坏了，惊恐至极。
他拼命大喊，让那些毒蛇全都消失，让他离开矿洞。
之后，似乎有巨大的爆炸声响起。
等他再次恢复意识，他已经身在矿洞铁门外。
只是轮椅不见了，他躺在地上。
他只能自己爬起来，如果是以往，这些动作足够让他骨折。
可是这次，他竟然稳稳地站立起来，他慢慢走动，又慢慢加快脚步，他跑了起来！
就这样，他恢复了健康，还获得了能治疗他人的神奇能力。
他自己都不知道是怎么回事。
但他深深知道那个矿洞深处的雕像有问题，绝对不能接近！
可能是又再次重新看了一遍自己获得神恩的过程，弥赛亚发现自己对那个矿洞和那个雕像的恐惧少了很多。
他轻轻吐出一口气，安安稳稳地睡着了，他已经很久没有睡得这么安稳过。
“邪神巴勒。”王叶吐出了这个名字。
“为什么地球也会有邪神巴勒的雕像？”虫老不解：“如果说是因为游戏，可游戏才运行几年？但那雕像怎么看都像是已经存在很久了。”
王叶敲敲手背：“我来上网调查看看。”
一夜无事，次日是周末，不用上学，乔恩一大早起来，骑着自行车说是去晨练。
但他没有去叫他的好友。
王叶听到浮游光虫的报信，就留下小光盯梢弥赛亚，他则跟上了乔恩。
小镇大巴车站下来了几名旅客，其中一人看着特别苍白。
摩罗瓦仰头，深深呼吸这里的空气。
神子就在这里。
有神子所在的地方，似乎连空气都充满神力。
小镇另一边。
王叶已经提前了解过这个小镇的历史，这是个矿工形成的小镇。
这里曾经盛产煤炭和铁矿，但矿脉走势往东边发展，这边在被挖空后，就被放弃，矿场转到了山的另一边。
直到今天，这个小镇里还有很多人在山那边的矿场里工作。
王叶猜测，乔恩和弥赛亚说的那个山洞就是当初挖矿留下的矿洞。
为了安全，这些矿洞自然都是被封锁住的。 For safety, these caves are naturally cordoned off.
但总有调皮的少年男女进入这些矿洞探险，还有一些流浪汉会选择短期住进矿洞。
But there are always naughty young men and women who venture into these mines, and there are also homeless people who choose to stay in the mines for a short time.
就比如他们现在看到的这个矿洞，靠近内侧明明有个大铁门，铁门上还有锁链缠绕，但有人剪断了锁链，大铁门也被推开了一条缝隙。
For example, in the mine they see now, there is obviously a big iron gate near the inside, and there are chains wrapped around the iron door, but someone has cut the chains, and the big iron door has also been pushed open a gap.
王叶瞅瞅被丢在洞外的脚踏车，也顺着那条缝隙进入矿洞。
Wang Ye looked at the bicycle that was left outside the cave, and also entered the mine along the gap.
矿洞里面很暗，还有滴水声，胆子小的人都不敢进来。 It was dark inside the mine, and there was the sound of dripping water, and the faint of heart did not dare to enter.
但乔恩显然胆子很大，而且准备充足，他戴了他父亲的矿灯帽，手里还握着一把铁锹。
But Jon was clearly bold and prepared, wearing his father's lamp hat and holding a shovel in his hand.
他已经不是第一次试探弥赛亚，这半年来，他带着弥赛亚去了附近很多地方，但只有这个山洞，弥赛亚最为排斥，连靠近都不愿意。
This is not the first time he has tested the Messiah, in the past six months, he has taken the Messiah to many nearby places, but only this cave, the Messiah is the most repulsive, and he is not even willing to approach.
他怀疑这山洞里肯定有什么，说不定弥赛亚能获得神恩也和这个山洞有关。
He suspected that there must be something in the cave, and perhaps the Messiah's divine grace had something to do with it.
弥赛亚那个小气鬼，得到好处却不想分享，还不想要那样的神赐力量，真是超级傻瓜！
The Messiah, who is so stingy and doesn't want to share the benefits, doesn't want that kind of God-given power, what a super fool!
他父亲都在家里感叹好几次了，说弥赛亚家的运气太好了，以后他们家再也不用辛苦干活，只要弥撒亚帮助几个富豪治病就能成为大富豪。
His father lamented several times at home, saying that the luck of the Messiah family was so good that their family would no longer have to work hard, and that they would become rich as long as the Messiah helped a few rich people to heal their illnesses.
他父亲还说弥赛亚一家很快就会搬走，他们不会在这个小镇子待很长时间。
His father also said that the Messiah's family would move away soon and that they would not stay in the town for long.
所以他和弥赛亚也很快就会分别，“上帝之子”会有其他朋友，而他只不过是他记忆中微不足道的存在。
So he and the Messiah will soon be separated, and the "Son of God" will have other friends, and he will be nothing more than an insignificant presence in his memory.
他父亲还跟他说，让他尽力留在弥赛亚身边，如果能成为他的助理更好，毕竟他们有着不错的交情，弥赛亚也信任他。
His father also told him to try his best to stay with the Messiah, and that it would be better if he could be his assistant, after all, they had a good relationship and the Messiah trusted him.
可他并不想成为弥赛亚的助理。 But he didn't want to be the Messiah's assistant.
助理是什么？ What is an assistant?
不就是服侍人的侍者另一种更好听的说法吗？ Isn't that another better way to say the waiter?
他可是乔恩！是他带着弥赛亚玩，是他主动和那个谁也不想接触的玻璃人接触，如果没有他，弥赛亚说不定根本不可能获得神恩。
He's Jon! It was he who played with the Messiah, and it was he who took the initiative to come into contact with the glass man who no one wanted to touch, and without him, the Messiah might not have been able to receive divine grace at all.
如果他也能获得神恩，如果他也能得到神赐的力量…… If he can also receive divine grace, if he can also receive divine power......
乔恩顺着矿道往里深入。 Jon went deeper down the mine.
他曾经带弥赛亚来过这里一次，之后弥赛亚就再也不肯来。
He brought the Messiah here once, and then the Messiah never came again.
但弥赛亚真的就再也没有来过这里吗？ But did the Messiah really never come here again?
“进来，这边……” "Come in, this ......"
“谁？”乔恩停住脚步，警惕地看向四周：“谁在和我说话，出来！”
"Who?" Jon stopped and looked around warily: "Who's talking to me, come out!" ”
一道水流在他面前颤抖着，逐渐拉成一个箭头。 A stream of water trembled in front of him, gradually pulling into an arrow.
乔恩惊讶地睁大了眼睛。 Jon's eyes widened in surprise.
第368章 出人意料 Chapter 368: Unexpected
王叶比乔恩更快地找到了那尊奇怪的雕像。 Wang Ye found the strange statue faster than Jon.
雕像直接雕刻在墙壁上，像是天生的纹路，又被人后天加工了一下，但加工手法很粗糙。
The statue is carved directly on the wall, like a natural texture, and it has been processed by someone the day after tomorrow, but the processing technique is very rough.
勉强能看出那是一个长着几十只手臂、头部套着光圈、腰肢粗肥、斜坐在地上的人形雕像。
It was barely discernible that it was a humanoid statue with dozens of arms, a head with a halo, and a fat waist, sitting on the ground diagonally.
根据他昨晚上网查到的资料，这个矿洞被废弃不止是因为浅表层挖不到矿石，最大原因还是因为这尊雕像。
According to the information he found on the Internet last night, this mine was abandoned not only because the shallow layer could not dig ore, but also because of this statue.
只不过关于这尊雕像的报道极少，他还是搜索当地的奇人异事和小镇传说，顺着线索又去找了几个年龄大的人，还找到了一本上了年月的秘密日记，才知道这个小镇曾经发生过什么事。
It's just that there are very few reports about this statue, he still searched for local strange people and town legends, followed the clues to find a few older people, and also found a secret diary of the old age, only to know what happened in this town.
传闻近一百年前，有个矿洞突然发生坍塌事故，三十多名矿工被埋在泥土下，但奇迹的是，两天后，所有被埋的矿工都被救了出来，无一人死亡，连受重伤的都没有。
It is rumored that nearly 100 years ago, a mine suddenly collapsed, and more than 30 miners were buried under the soil, but miraculously, two days later, all the buried miners were rescued, and no one died, not even seriously injured.
所有矿工都说他们受到了一个雕像的保佑。 All the miners said they were blessed by a statue.
在他们被掩埋的矿坑深处，因为泥土塌方露出了一尊奇特的雕像。
Deep in the pit where they were buried, a peculiar statue was revealed by a landslide.
当地人就开始祭祀那个雕像，矿场主还把那个雕像所在的矿道整理出来，方便人们进出。
The locals began to worship the statue, and the mine owner also sorted out the mine tunnel where the statue was located to make it easier for people to enter and exit.
之后当地人还神奇地发现，这个雕像几乎有求必应，只要你拿出的祭品让它满意。
Later, the locals also miraculously discovered that the statue is almost always available, as long as you take out the offerings to satisfy it.
而这个雕像喜欢的祭品也非常奇怪，有一段时间它特别喜欢胎盘，什么动物的胎盘都可以，人类的最好。
And the sacrifice that this statue likes is also very strange, for a while it is particularly fond of the placenta, the placenta of any animal can be, the best of humans.
后来给它祭祀人类的头发和指甲，雕像也能接受。 Later, it was given sacrifices to human hair and nails, and statues were also acceptable.
逐渐的，当地人总结出了一个规律，你的愿望越大越难实现，奉献的祭品就得越贵重，不是金钱上的贵重，而是生命。
Gradually, the locals came to the conclusion that the greater your wish, the more difficult it is to fulfill, and the more expensive the sacrifice must be, not in terms of money, but in life.
一个丈夫在雕像面前失手杀死了痴迷于雕像的妻子，不知是出于讽刺，还是出于某种报复心理，他当着当时还在场的四个人的面，对雕像许愿，希望他们五个人都获得一笔财富。
A husband accidentally kills his wife, who is obsessed with the statue, in front of the statue, and I don't know whether it is out of irony or some kind of revenge, he makes a wish to the statue in front of the four people who were still present at the time, hoping that all five of them will get a fortune.
结果就在他们要离开矿洞时，突然遇到了矿场主。 As they were about to leave the mine, they suddenly ran into the mine owner.
矿场主疯疯癫癫，似乎受到了什么刺激，他把一箱子银币洒在地上，就那么跑出了矿洞。
The mine owner was insane, and seemed to be stimulated by something, he spilled a box of silver coins on the ground and ran out of the mine.
后来这个矿场主还失踪了，一直都没有找到他。 Later, the owner of the mine disappeared and was never found.
五个人非常傻眼，但他们还是平分了那箱子银币，发了一笔财。
The five of them were dumbfounded, but they divided the box of silver coins equally and made a fortune.
因为这笔共同的财富，另外四人隐瞒了丈夫杀妻的秘密。
Because of this shared wealth, the other four concealed the secret of their husband's murder of his wife.
而这四个人的家人，尤其是家中老人在后来几年内连续离家出走或病死。
The family members of these four people, especially the elderly in the family, ran away from home or died of illness in the next few years.
杀死妻子的丈夫冷眼旁观这个小镇逐渐拥有了共同的秘密，老人不断“病死”，外地人来到这里就会失踪，治安警查案得过且过。
The husband who killed his wife watched from the sidelines and the town gradually had a common secret, the old man kept "dying of illness", outsiders would disappear when they came here, and the security police could get by.
终于有一天，一个身份不一般的人在小镇中失踪。 Finally, one day, a person with an unusual identity disappeared in the town.
大量人手冲入小镇，寻找这个失踪者。 A large number of men rushed into the town to find the missing man.
杀死妻子的丈夫就是在这时候站出来，说出了那个雕像和小镇共同的秘密。
It was at this time that the husband who killed his wife came forward and told the secret that the statue and the town shared.
但奇怪的是，经过调查，雕像处和附近没有半滴血液留下，也没有被埋的尸体。
But strangely, after investigation, there was not half a drop of blood left at or near the statue, and there were no buried bodies.
只有一个人的证言，哪怕对方承认自己杀了自己的妻子，但因为找不到实际证据，也没有其他人来证明这个丈夫的话，最后这个丈夫被关入了精神病院。
There was only one person's testimony, and even if the other party admitted that he had killed his wife, because there was no actual evidence to find it, and there was no one else to prove the husband's words, the husband ended up in a mental hospital.
而那个矿洞则就此被封锁。 The mine was sealed off.
教堂建立起来，牧师被派遣过来，新的治安警也被派遣过来，小镇居民也许出于恐惧，也许也是想摆脱那个雕像的控制。
The church was erected, the priest was dispatched, the new vigilantes were dispatched, and the townspeople were able to get rid of the statue, perhaps out of fear, or perhaps to get out of the statue's grip.
之后就再也没有什么人去祭祀那个雕像，并向其许愿。 After that, no one ever worshipped the statue and made a wish to it.
等到老一辈全都去世，小镇被翻新数次后，还记得这件事的人已经很少很少。
By the time the older generation had all died and the town had been renovated several times, there were very few people who remembered it.
王叶拿到的日记本就是那名杀死妻子的丈夫所写，他在精神病院住了二十年，后来卖了家里的房子，搬去养老院，一直活到九十岁才去世。
Wang Ye obtained a diary written by the husband who killed his wife, who lived in a mental hospital for 20 years, then sold his family's house and moved to a nursing home, where he lived until he was 90 years old before his death.
他的日记本被他儿子保留，但因为里面写的内容太过怪异和可怕，被他儿子认为是他父亲精神病发作胡乱写的胡言乱语，就把日记连同家里的老东西收到了地下室里。
His diary was kept by his son, but because it was so weird and horrible that his son thought it was his father's psychotic gibberish, he took it to the basement along with the old things in the house.
有意思的是，这个留下日记的人竟然就是弥赛亚的外曾祖父。
Interestingly, the person who left the diary turned out to be the Messiah's maternal great-grandfather.
“和双月星差不多的手法，都是在利用人类的贪婪心。不过这个也不是主体，但也具有相当多的能量。嗯？这是……”虫老打量那墙壁上的雕像，有点犹疑不定。
"The same tactics as the Twin Moon Stars are all taking advantage of human greed. However, this one is not the main body, but it also has quite a bit of energy. Well? This is ......" The worm looked at the statue on the wall, a little hesitant.
“邪神巴勒在双月星出现的历史也很长，而从这个雕像的古老程度来看，在地球时间也不短。这说明两个世界在以前肯定有过联系。和唐博古鼎有关？不对，那两人应该不会带这样的祸害来去两个世界。”靳蜘蛛自己就摇头否决了他的猜测。
"The evil god Balak also has a long history of appearing on the Twin Moon Stars, and judging from the antiquity of this statue, it is not a short time on Earth. This suggests that the two worlds must have been connected before. Something to do with Tang Bo Guding? No, those two people shouldn't bring such a scourge to the two worlds. Jin Spider himself shook his head and rejected his speculation.
“也许是更古早的时间。你们觉不觉得这个雕像像是天生就镶嵌在山壁中，反而是人工后天刻出来的纹路很不搭？”王叶没有靠近墙壁，以防被对方察觉。
"Maybe it's a much earlier time. Do you think that this statue seems to be born inlaid in the mountain wall, but the artificial carved lines are very incompatible? Wang Ye didn't get close to the wall to avoid being noticed by the other party.
雷木忽然道：“我听到了胎动声，有生命在孕育。” Lei Mu suddenly said: "I heard the sound of fetal movements, and there is life in the making." ”
虫老猛地击掌：“对，我就是觉得有什么不对，这个雕像有生命力，就像是活物。”
The insect elder high-fived violently: "Yes, I just think there is something wrong, this statue has vitality, just like a living thing." ”
王叶一愣，看向宛如镶嵌在墙壁中的雕像。 Wang Ye was stunned for a moment, looking at the statue that seemed to be embedded in the wall.
哒哒的脚步声跟着矿灯的亮光一起传进来。 The sound of clattering footsteps came along with the light of the miner's lamp.
乔恩探头进入这条矿道，也看到了墙壁上那怪异的雕像。
Jon probed into the mine and saw the strange statue on the wall.
乔恩按住胸口，嘴巴大张，仰头看着那至少两人高的巨大雕像。
Jon pressed his chest, his mouth wide open, and looked up at the massive statue that was at least two people tall.
“过来……孩子……” "Come here...... Kid ......"
“弥赛亚……神子……你想吗……” "Messiah...... Miko ...... Do you want to......"
乔恩心跳加快，渴望超过了恐惧，他向那雕像一步步走了过去。
Jon's heart beat faster, his desire outweighed his fear, and he walked towards the statue.
“呼唤……吾之名……巴勒……” "Calling...... My name...... Bale......
“吾才是……真正的……上帝之子……” "I am...... Real ...... Son of God ......"
“他们……把吾囚禁……立伪神……” "They...... Imprison me...... Establish a false god ......"
乔恩听到了直入心灵的古怪语言，但他听懂了。 Jon heard strange language that went straight to his heart, but he understood.
最后他听到那个声音跟他说，如果他想变成和弥赛亚一样的神子，就得把弥赛亚带过来，献祭给神灵。
Finally he heard the voice say to him that if he wanted to become the Son of God like the Messiah, he had to bring the Messiah over and sacrifice it to the gods.
因为神子只有一个，如果弥赛亚存在，他就不能成为神子。
Because there is only one Son of God, if the Messiah exists, He cannot be the Son of God.
只有神收回赐给弥撒亚的神力，才能赐给另一个人。 Only when God withdraws the divine power given to the Messiah can it be given to another person.
乔恩不是很信教，他就像这个年纪的绝大多数男孩一样，周末可以和家人一起到教堂，遇到事情会喊上帝，但学到的科学知识又让他们本能地怀疑神的说法。
Jon is not very religious, and like most boys his age, he can go to church with his family on weekends and shout God when things happen, but the scientific knowledge he learns makes them instinctively doubt God's sayings.
包括那本圣书，可能因为撰写这本书的都是一千多年前的古人，写出来的很多内容已经不符合当今行为和思想，让少年男女们接受起来也就越发困难。
Including that holy book, perhaps because the people who wrote this book were ancient people more than 1,000 years ago, many of the contents written are no longer in line with today's behavior and thoughts, and it is becoming more and more difficult for young men and women to accept.
更何况还有那么多影视节目。 What's more, there are so many film and television programs.
乔恩忽然叹了口气。 Jon sighed suddenly.
他妒忌弥赛亚，只是出于一种最普通的人类心态——你能得到，为什么我就不能得到？
He was jealous of the Messiah, just out of a most ordinary human mentality – if you can get it, why can't I get it?
偏偏弥赛亚还不想要那神奇的能力！真的，如果不是他是弥赛亚的好友，他真的好想揍他一顿——你不要的，知道别人多渴望吗？
But the Messiah didn't want that magical power yet! Really, if it weren't for his Messiah's friend, he would really want to beat him up - you don't want it, do you know how much others crave?
“你知道弥赛亚是我的好朋友吧？” "You know the Messiah is my good friend, right?"
雕像沉默，这少年怎么走到一半就停住了。 The statue was silent, and the boy stopped halfway through.
乔恩仰头看着雕像：“如果我不接近你，就很安全对吗？”
Jon looked up at the statue, "If I don't approach you, it's safe, right?" ”
“呼唤你的名字？还要呼唤三遍？幸好不是半夜十二点对着卫生间的镜子呼喊。不过你是想让我召唤出血腥玛丽那样的怪物吗？”
"Call your name? Three more calls? Fortunately, it wasn't twelve o'clock in the middle of the night shouting in the bathroom mirror. But do you want me to summon monsters like Bloody Mary? ”
“还要献祭弥赛亚？你是想让我把那个好不容易获得健康的胆小鬼带到你这里来，让你吸收他的神力？”
"And the sacrifice of the Messiah? Do you want me to bring that coward who has managed to get healthy to come to you so that you can absorb his divine powers? ”
“呵！你以为我是傻瓜吗？” "Huh! Do you think I'm a fool? ”
王叶和虫巢中的老小不禁侧目。这个乔恩简直出人意料。
Wang Ye and the old and young in the insect nest couldn't help but look sideways. This Jon was simply unexpected.
乔恩抱起手臂，“我们谈谈条件吧。” Jon clasped his arms, "Let's talk about the conditions." ”
雕像：“……” Statue: "......"
“是不是地球的小孩都像你这样？”虫老问。 "Are all the children of the earth like you?" Worm asked.
王叶吃吃笑。 Wang Ye ate and laughed.
乔恩很正经地跟雕像谈判：“你知道我等会儿出去可以报警吧，我还会告诉全镇的家长们，说你诱惑小孩，想让小孩献祭小孩给你。哦，我还能告诉他们，你会给我们看一些幻觉，比如原始动作片啊、杀父母啊之类的，你猜他们会怎么对待你？告诉你，家长们最讨厌这种事了，他们会为此发疯。”
Jon negotiated with the statue very seriously: "You know I can call the police when I go out later, and I will tell the parents of the town that you have tempted the child and want the child to sacrifice the child to you." Oh, and I can tell them that you're going to show us some hallucinations, like primitive action movies, killing parents, and whatever, and guess what they're going to do to you? Tell you, parents hate this kind of thing the most, and they're going crazy about it. ”
雕像发出了轻轻的脆响。 The statue made a soft crunch.
乔恩没有察觉，还在继续摆条件：“我不知道弥赛亚的神迹是不是真的是你造成。不过你不想变成碎片，不想被全部铲除的话，最好能给我一点实际的好处。我也不要多，只要能让我变得力大无比就行。”
Jon didn't notice it, and continued to set the conditions: "I don't know if the miracle of the Messiah is really caused by you. But if you don't want to be shattered, if you don't want to be wiped out completely, it's best to give me some practical benefits. I don't want much, as long as it makes me powerful. ”
乔恩还得意道：“很多人都认为力气大很没用，那是他们根本不知道力气大的好处。我早就研究过，其实力气大可以做到很多事情。”
Jon also said proudly: "A lot of people think that having a lot of strength is useless, it's because they don't know the benefits of having a lot of strength. I've been researching it for a long time, and it can do a lot of things with its strength. ”
“嗨，你让我变得力大无穷，我就给你经常带些火鸡老鼠之类，以后等我有钱的话，我可以买整头猪牛羊献祭给你。保证都是活的，这可比献祭人类这种傻逼行为要安全多了，还不会被人发现，你觉得呢？”
"Hey, you have made me powerful, I will always bring you some turkeys and mice, and when I have money, I can buy whole pigs, cows and sheep and sacrifice them to you. It's much safer to make sure it's alive than the stupid act of sacrificing a human being, and it won't be discovered, don't you think? ”
雕像：“……” Statue: "......"
乔恩开始往后退：“看来你还需要考虑一番，那我下次再来，到时候我会给你带礼物。”
Jon began to step back: "Looks like you still need to think about it, then I'll come back next time, and I'll bring you a gift when the time comes." ”
少年特别雀跃，他知道好友的秘密了！ The boy was so excited that he knew his friend's secret!
不过弥赛亚那个胆小鬼会献祭某个生命，只为治疗好自己的脆骨症？
But the Messiah, the coward, would sacrifice a certain life just to cure his brittle bones?
他得好好逼问那个家伙。 He's going to have to ask that guy.
而且这个雕像这么古怪，也许他和弥赛亚可以从这个雕像身上弄到更多好东西。
And the statue is so weird, maybe he and the Messiah could get more good things out of it.
少年啊，他们胆子小的时候连壁橱的缝隙都害怕，但胆子大的时候简直就是时时刻刻在作死。
Young men, when they are timid, they are afraid of the cracks in the closet, but when they are bold, they are simply dying all the time.
乔恩转身。 Jon turned.
雕像迟疑了，它最终没有动，它不信人类能经受得起它的诱惑，而且少年也说了他会再回来，还会带着礼物（祭品）。
The statue hesitated, but it did not move, it did not believe that humans could withstand its temptation, and the boy said that he would come back again and bring gifts (sacrifices).
王叶几个就看到那个雀斑少年高高兴兴撒腿就冲出矿道。
Wang Ye saw the freckled young man happily and rushed out of the mine.
王叶眼珠一转，人出现在矿洞外百米处，从虫巢出来，骑着一辆脚踏车来到矿洞门口，然后钻了进来。
Wang Ye's eyes rolled, and the person appeared a hundred meters outside the mine, came out of the insect nest, rode a bicycle to the door of the mine, and then got in.
“你这是干什么？”虫老好奇地问。 "What are you doing here?" Worm asked curiously.
王叶：“逗逗那个邪神，顺便看看那个邪神到底想做什么。”
Wang Ye: "Tease that evil god, and by the way, see what that evil god wants to do." ”
雕像一看竟然又有人进来，同样也是一个少年，激动了，立刻再次发出诱惑的呼唤。
When the statue saw that someone had come in again, it was also a young man, and he was excited, and immediately called for temptation again.
王叶做出吃惊和惊喜的模样，嘴里还自言自语：“我就说乔恩偷偷摸摸地在干什么，原来这里真的有秘密。”
Wang Ye looked surprised and surprised, and said to himself: "I'll just say what Jon is doing secretly, it turns out that there is really a secret here." ”
雕像一听这话，就以为王叶是乔恩的同学，发现乔恩的行径，就跟踪了过来。
As soon as the statue heard this, it thought that Wang Ye was Jon's classmate, and when he found out about Jon's behavior, he followed him.
雕像巴不得多一些不懂事的小孩找到他这里。 The statue wished that more ignorant children would find him.
王叶顺着指点找到雕像。 Wang Ye followed the point to find the statue.
还按照雕像吩咐呼唤他的名字，并靠近他。 Also call his name as the statue commands, and approach him.
雕像暗中欣喜，却不知道自己的精神海正在被人入侵。 The statue was secretly happy, but it didn't know that its spiritual sea was being invaded.
它利用精神暗示蛊惑别人，却不知也有人能反过来这么对付他。
It uses psychic hints to deceive others, but it doesn't know that there are people who can do the same to him.
雕像延伸出来的精神力就像是铺出来的红毯，简直在邀请王叶进入它的精神海。
The spiritual power extended by the statue is like a red carpet rolled out, simply inviting Wang Ye to enter its spiritual sea.
王叶自然不会客气。 Wang Ye naturally won't be polite.
眼看就要呼唤第三遍，王叶的手也已经接近雕像粗肥的腰部。
Seeing that he was about to call for the third time, Wang Ye's hand was already close to the statue's thick waist.
王叶的手忽然顿住：“你这种把戏，我们学校女生都不爱玩了。让我猜猜，是不是有人躲在雕像后面，在我喊出第三遍你的名字后，就会有鬼怪飘出来要杀我？这里是不是有投影和发声设备？说不定还有鼓风机和干冰。”
Wang Ye's hand suddenly stopped: "You don't like to play this kind of trick in our school." Let me guess if someone is hiding behind the statue and after I shout your name a third time, a goblin will float out and kill me? Is there a projection and sound generation equipment here? Maybe there are blowers and dry ice. ”
“呵，让我看看你后面都有些什么？” "Heh, let me see what's behind you?"
王叶从推进来的脚踏车上取下一根铁镐。 Wang Ye took an iron pickaxe from the bicycle that had been pushed forward.
举起来就朝雕像砸过去。 Lift it up and smash it at the statue.
雕像：妈的今天碰到的人类小孩怎么都是神经病！ Statue: Damn, all the human kids I met today are insane!
就不能来个正常小孩吗？ Can't you just have a normal child?
雕像倒不怕铁镐，这种普通铁器根本无法伤害到它。
百年前，就有人想要破坏雕像，但砸了半天连点印子都没有留下，还有人试图用火药炸，也没炸坏它分毫，反而把他们自己吓得屁滚尿流，后来只能封上矿洞了事。
咚！
一声巨响，雕像中间最粗的部分破了一个大洞。
“！！！”直接刺入人大脑的愤怒尖叫响起，那几乎不能称为声音。
雕像不可置信，这个小孩怎么可能就这么简单砸碎它的身体。
王叶压根没有受到那尖叫的影响，他把铁镐挥舞得只剩下影子。
我砸！我砸砸砸！
咚咚咚！噼里啪啦！
雕像碎片不断掉落，雕像后面隐藏的东西被暴露了出来。
一根根宛如触手的树根从雕像后面伸出，它要杀了这个小鬼！
王叶的精神力猛然刺入雕像的精神核。
雕像立即反击。
“好东西！这个交给我！”小云咻地跳出来，挥舞着小树枝就冲了上去。
“找到了！”王叶微笑。
这个雕像的精神力也不错，但它的精神核是靠无数杂乱的贪念凝练而成，又怎么能比得上真正的灵魂？
这大概也是雕像想要变成真正生命体的原因。
雕像愤怒狂吼，但它藏不住了，胎动越来越明显。
王叶的铁镐硬生生撕开雕像后面缠成一团的树根。
那些树根变成的触手似乎极为恐惧小云。
小云咻地就钻进了树根中。
树根扭动起来。
王叶停手。
剧烈的恶臭传出，还有大量的黑色液体从树根中流出来。
那个雕像在不断惨叫。
砰！一声不是很响的爆炸声。
整个树根像开花一样分散开来。
大量黑色液体泄出。
小云钻入了树根底下。
而被树根包裹在中间的一样东西也暴露出来。
那是一颗约有足球大的茧子，又像是一颗卵，表皮是柔软的，里面像是有液体。
王叶放出照明。
那卵的中心有黑影。
“还真的是个胎儿。”虫老惊叹：“看来这雕像要的那些祭品也不是随便要的，它应该是从那时候开始就想孕育出生命，让自己从死物变成活物。”
“邪神巴勒这是进化了吗？”靳蜘蛛这时很希望疯药王能在场，那个老疯子才是真的见多识广，他跑得地方多，见到的稀奇古怪的东西也多，而且他为了能把所有药材都写全，更是在有意无意中收集到很多传闻。
"Is this an evolution of the evil god Balak?" Jin Spider hoped that the Mad Medicine King could be present at this time, that old madman was really well-informed, he ran a lot of places, and saw a lot of strange things, and in order to be able to write all the medicinal materials, he collected a lot of rumors intentionally or unintentionally.
“不，它只是想要成为真正的神灵。”所以它先孕育生命，它以为这是最正确的成神之路。
"No, it just wants to be a true god." So it gave birth to life first, and it thought that this was the most correct way to become a god.
王叶冥冥有感，打开了因果卷。 Wang Ye felt it and opened the cause and effect scroll.
鲜红色的因果卷变成了粉红色。 The bright red causal roll turned pink.
很好！这表明他没有做错，他查找和行进的方向是正确的。
Very good! This shows that he did nothing wrong and that he was looking and traveling in the right direction.
王叶再看向那颗卵。 Wang Ye looked at the egg again.
他突然发现他似乎很想要这颗卵，想要吸收它。 He suddenly realized that he seemed to want the egg very much, wanted to absorb it.
但只要想到这颗卵是怎么孕育出来的，王叶就没有半点想要吸收它的心情了。
But as long as he thought about how this egg was conceived, Wang Ye didn't have the slightest mood to absorb it.
“爸叽，我想吃毛鸡蛋。”金宝盯着那颗大鸡蛋流口水。
"Dad, I want to eat hairy eggs." Campbell stared at the big egg and drooled.
上次爸叽请他们吃毛鸡蛋，他吃了好多，可好吃了，尤其是还没有完全化作小鸡，半鸡半蛋的时候最好吃。
Last time, Dad invited them to eat hairy eggs, and he ate a lot, but they were delicious, especially when they had not completely turned into chickens, and they were best when they were half chicken and half eggs.
这个毛鸡蛋看起来这么大，煮了沾炒盐吃，一定超级好吃！
This hairy egg looks so big, boiled and dipped in fried salt, it must be super delicious!
王叶瞅瞅金宝，想吃毛鸡蛋？ Wang Ye looked at Jinbao and wanted to eat hairy eggs?
行吧，儿子想吃，做爸爸的怎么能不满足呢？ Okay, if the son wants to eat, how can the father not be satisfied?
王叶一把揪出那个外壳软软的卵，掏出一口锅，就开始烹饪。
Wang Ye pulled out the egg with a soft shell, took out a pot, and began to cook.
雕像根本救护不及，它现在只对付那个古怪的小树人就对付不过来。
The statue couldn't be saved, and it couldn't deal with that weird little tree man right now.
“树人！这世上怎么还有树人？”雕像愤怒地嚎叫，就像是无辜少女遇到了伤害她的超级渣男。
"Tree Man! How can there be tree people in this world? The statue howls angrily, like an innocent girl has met a super scumbag who hurt her.
小云也很惊讶，这个树根竟然是树人的尸体化成，跟他上次碰到的那个树人尸体差不多，消化了这个树人尸体的精华，对他会有不小的好处。
Xiao Yun was also surprised, this tree root turned out to be the corpse of the tree man, similar to the corpse of the tree man he encountered last time, digesting the essence of this tree man's corpse would be of great benefit to him.
“地球也有过树人吗？”虫老若有所思。 "Has there ever been a Treant on Earth?" The worm was thoughtful.
靳蜘蛛守着那口锅，防止雕像突击。 Jin Spider guarded the pot to prevent the statue from attacking.
金宝兴奋地围着锅转。 Jinbao excitedly circled the pot.
一群浮游光虫飞舞着，去吸食那掉落的树根和雕像的碎片能量。
A swarm of planktonic light insects fluttered, sucking up the energy of the fallen roots and fragments of statues.
一道黑色的丝线沿着墙角，悄悄地想要渗入地缝中。 A black thread ran along the corner of the wall, quietly trying to seep into the crack in the ground.
几只小虫子扑上来，它们感知到了能量，怎么可能放过？
A few small bugs pounced on them, they sensed the energy, how could they let it go?
雕像惨叫，这又是什么古怪的虫子，它们怎么连一点点能量都不放过。
The statue screamed, what kind of weird bugs are these, how can they not even let go of a little bit of energy.
咕咚！树根噗嗤噗嗤冒出大量充满恶臭的液体。 Boom! The roots of the tree snorted and snorted a large amount of foul-smelling liquid.
王叶手一挥，恶臭迅速消失。 Wang Ye waved his hand, and the stench quickly disappeared.
小云脑袋从树根下方钻出来，根部还卷着一个很小的雕像。
The little cloud's head came out from under the roots of the tree, and there was a small statue rolled up in the roots.
“叶子，接着。”小云树根一甩。 "Leaf, then." The roots of the small cloud tree flicked.
王叶手一张，接住小云抛过来的东西。 Wang Ye held a hand and caught what Xiaoyun threw over.
那是一个只有拇指大的金色雕像。 It was a golden statue the size of a thumb.
外形和墙壁上浮现的大雕像很像，但是更为精致，看来不像是人，更像是某种特殊生物。
The appearance is similar to the large statue that appears on the wall, but it is more elaborate, and it looks less like a human being and more like some special creature.
虫老要接过雕像细看。 The worm old man took the statue and looked at it carefully.
王叶用手挡住：“师父，这个你不能碰。有很浓郁的邪恶能量，你碰了有九成可能会被感染，从此心理阴暗，走上邪修之路。”
Wang Ye blocked it with his hand: "Master, you can't touch this." There is a very strong evil energy, and if you touch it, you may be infected, and from then on, your psychology will be dark and you will embark on the path of evil cultivation. ”
虫老收回手：“你呢，拿着不碍事？” The worm old withdrew his hand: "What about you, is it not in the way of holding it?" ”
王叶摇头：“我的力量正好克制它。这东西在跟我谈条件，它说……”
Wang Ye shook his head: "My strength is just right to restrain it." This thing is talking to me about terms, and it says......"
虫老和靳蜘蛛突然齐齐望向小云刚刚爬出来的树洞方向。
Worm Elder and Jin Spider suddenly looked in the direction of the tree hole that Xiao Yun had just climbed out of.
“能量眼！” "Energy Eye!"
“叶子！快封印，这里的能量眼要爆发了！” "Leaves! Seal it quickly, the energy eye here is about to explode! ”
王叶却没有动，仍旧在料理那颗卵。 Wang Ye didn't move, still tending to the egg.
虫老和靳蜘蛛都奇怪地看向他。 Worm Lao and Jin Spider both looked at him strangely.
因果卷就在王叶面前展开着，当他开始用魔法手段烹制那颗卵，因果卷就从粉红色转变为淡淡的红。
The Cause and Effect Roll unfolded right in front of Wang Ye, and when he began to cook the egg with magic methods, the Cause and Effect Roll changed from pink to a faint red.
当师父们喊着能量眼喷发时，因果卷的颜色彻底恢复了正常。
When the masters shouted that the energy eyes erupted, the color of the cause and effect roll completely returned to normal.
王叶想：也许他不该把能量眼都封印上。 Wang Ye thought: Maybe he shouldn't have sealed all the energy eyes.
他既然已经人为让异能者提前出现，还给出了基因进化药剂。天平就已经开始偏了。
Since he has artificially made the supernatural appear in advance, he has also given a genetic evolution potion. The scales are already starting to drift.
但让人类早早进入进化状态，还是单独一个国家，这对整个地球真的是好事吗？
But is it really a good thing for the whole planet to let humanity enter the state of evolution early, or is it a single country?
单一的骄傲，周围都是羡慕妒忌和恐惧，会发生什么样的事情？
What happens to a single pride, surrounded by envy, jealousy and fear?
实际上，异能者早就已经出现。 In fact, the Anomalous has already appeared.
但因为数量太少，加上现在的人们都比较“理智”，相信这种“传说”的人并不多。
But because the number is too small, and people are more "sensible" nowadays, there are not many people who believe in this kind of "legend".
与其让人们把目光集中在华夏，还不如把这份“荣耀和光芒”让给更喜欢炫耀的地方。
Instead of letting people focus on China, it is better to give this "glory and light" to places that prefer to show off.
至于说因果…… As for cause and effect......
王叶精神力触摸弥赛亚和乔恩的名字，去看他们的另一条时间线。
Wang Ye's spiritual power touches the names of Messiah and Jon to see their other timeline.
他有预感，因为他的涉入，这两个少年的命运都被他改变了，所以他应该是能看到一些他们曾经发生过的事情。
He had a hunch that the fate of both teenagers had been changed by him because of his involvement, so he should have been able to see something that had happened to them.
果然！ Really!
他看到了两个少年在另一条时间线上的结局。 He sees the ending of the two teenagers on a different timeline.
上辈子，乔恩同样找到这个矿洞，并提出合作条件。 In his previous life, Jon also found this mine and offered terms of cooperation.
他也真的带着礼物再次来到矿洞。 He really came to the mine again with a gift.
可乔恩又怎么知道这个雕像是如何狡猾，又具有如何的能力。
But how did Jon know how cunning this statue was, and what kind of power it had?
当这个看起来聪明狡猾，其实很单纯的少年，和雕像来往熟悉后，就对它放下了戒心。
When this seemingly clever and cunning, but actually very simple boy, became familiar with the statue, he let down his guard against it.
他不但为雕像提供了大量血食，最终还接近了雕像。 Not only did he provide the statue with a lot of blood, but he eventually approached the statue.
雕像把少年吸收入体内，卵和少年融为一体，孵化后，就是一个有着乔恩外貌的活物。
The statue absorbs the boy into his body, and the egg merges with the boy, and when it hatches, it is a living creature with Jon's appearance.
假乔恩走出山洞，接近弥赛亚。 The false Jon walks out of the cave and approaches the Messiah.
弥赛亚丝毫没有提防自己的好友，他的异能被假乔恩夺走。
The Messiah was not wary of his friend, and his abilities were taken away by the fake Jon.
从此乔恩成为了神子，而弥赛亚突然身患重疾死亡。 Jon became the Son of God, and the Messiah suddenly fell ill and died.
乔恩甚至利用他的能力，改变了小镇所有人的记忆，让人都以为最初的神子就是他，他还逐渐改变了自己的容貌，让自己更为接近人们概念中的神子的形象。
Jon even used his abilities to change the memories of everyone in the town, making people think that the original Miko was him, and he gradually changed his appearance to bring himself closer to the image of the Miko in people's concepts.
乔恩还霸占了这个能量眼，暗中吸收这个能量眼的能量。
Jon also took possession of this energy eye, secretly absorbing the energy of this energy eye.
因为他独享了一个能量眼的能量，导致他在未来变得极为强大。
Because he exclusively enjoyed the energy of an energy eye, causing him to become extremely powerful in the future.
唰！因果卷合上了。 Swish! The causal volume is closed.
王叶精神力差点见底。 Wang Ye's spiritual power almost bottomed out.
他只能看到那么多，接下来就看不到了。 He could only see so much, and then he couldn't see it.
但他从乔恩的身高和外貌推测，至少到他死亡那天为止，假乔恩都还没有暴露出他的真面目。
But he surmised from Jon's height and appearance that the fake Jon hadn't revealed his true colors, at least until the day he died.
但他发展出了一个极为庞大的教派，因为有某教会为基础，这个教派的人员数量非常多，其中不少人都深信假乔恩就是真神子，并对他极度崇拜和信任。
But he developed an extremely large sect, and because of the presence of a certain church, this sect had a very large number of members, many of whom were convinced that the false Jon was the true Son of God, and greatly admired and trusted him.
王叶几乎可以想见，吸收了弥赛亚的意念之力，再吸收了整整一个能量眼的能量，假乔恩会有多么可怕。
Wang Ye could almost imagine how terrifying it would be for Fake Jon to absorb the power of the Messiah's mind and then absorb the energy of an entire energy eye.
也不知道他死后，到底有谁能抗衡这么一个家伙。 I don't know who can compete with such a guy after his death.
第369章 摩罗瓦死 Chapter 369: Morova Dies
王叶精神力刚一见底，那拇指大的金色雕像就想造反。 As soon as Wang Ye's spiritual power bottomed out, the thumb-sized golden statue wanted to rebel.
王叶手腕上的细丝陡然扎入金色雕像内部。 The filaments on Wang Ye's wrist plunged abruptly into the interior of the golden statue.
金色雕像突然感到了恐惧，王叶的能量克制他，可这个能量似乎更诡异，它似乎能同化它的能量，并掠夺！
The golden statue suddenly felt fear, Wang Ye's energy restrained him, but this energy seemed to be even weirder, it seemed to be able to assimilate its energy and plunder!
这是跟它相似的能量，如果它能得到…… It's a similar amount of energy if it can get ......
可惜没有如果了。 It's a pity that there are no ifs.
“金宝，吃掉它。”雷木给金宝传音。 "Campbell, eat it." Lei Mu transmits the sound to Jinbao.
金宝兴奋地窜过来，跳上王叶的手掌，一口咬住金色雕像的脑袋，咔嚓一口就咬掉了。
Jin Bao rushed over excitedly, jumped on Wang Ye's palm, bit the head of the golden statue, and bit it off with a click.
“爸叽，你看我的牙齿多好~”金宝还向王叶炫耀地亮出自己的牙齿。
"Dad, look at how good my teeth are~" Jinbao also showed off his teeth to Wang Ye.
“干得好。”王叶灌下一支精神力恢复药剂，看着金宝咔嚓咔嚓把金色雕像吃了个一干二净。
"Well done." Wang Ye poured down a spiritual power recovery potion, and watched as Jinbao clicked and ate the golden statue completely.
这个金色雕像虽然损失了大部分根基，但也不是金宝能对付的。
Although this golden statue has lost most of its roots, it is not something that Jinbao can deal with.
雷木的能力似乎有点超出他想象的强大呢。 Reimgi's abilities seemed to be a little more powerful than he thought.
王叶欣喜，他家木木这么强，他以后不是可以轻松许多？
Wang Ye was delighted, his family Mumu was so strong, wouldn't he be much easier in the future?
雷木见王叶对他做了什么毫无芥蒂，细丝挠了挠他的手背，又缠回他的手腕上：“叶子，把喷发的能量引入虫巢。”
Seeing that Wang Ye had nothing to do with him, Lei Mu scratched the back of his hand and wrapped it back around his wrist: "Ye, introduce the erupting energy into the hive." ”
“好。”王叶问都没问雷木为什么要他这么做，当即就把能量眼初期疯狂喷涌而出的能量引入虫巢的小山中。
"Okay." Wang Yewen didn't even ask Lei Mu why he did this, and immediately introduced the energy that was spurting out wildly from the early stage of the energy eye into the hill of the insect hive.
原本就是远古巨兽心脏能量凝结而成的小山一点点变高变大。
The hill, which was originally the energy condensed by the heart of the ancient giant beast, grew taller and bigger little by little.
虫巢中慢慢冒出了淡淡的雾气。 A faint mist slowly emerged from the hive.
虫巢中所有生物都出现了不约而同的亢奋。 All the creatures in the hive were in the same way of euphoria.
但王叶把那些雾气也都束缚住，让它只停留在心山范围内。
But Wang Ye also restrained those mist and let it only stay within the range of Heart Mountain.
龙头骨花盆自动飞起来，挪到了心山边缘。 The dragon skull flower pot flew up automatically and moved to the edge of the heart mountain.
王叶摸了摸细丝，安全感足足的。 Wang Ye touched the filament, feeling safe and secure.
虫老感觉到能量涌动往王叶身体而去，眼中流露出若有所思的神色。
The insect elder felt the energy surging towards Wang Ye's body, and there was a thoughtful look in his eyes.
靳蜘蛛见那金色雕像那么容易就毁掉了，有点惊讶。 Jin Spider was a little surprised to see that the golden statue was destroyed so easily.
王叶含糊道：“我的力量正好克制它，它刚才以为我精神力变弱，想要偷袭我，却不知是我故意设陷阱坑它。”
Wang Ye said vaguely: "My strength is just to restrain it, it just thought that my mental power was weakening and wanted to sneak attack me, but I didn't know that I deliberately set a trap to trap it." ”
靳蜘蛛也没多问。他这个徒弟秘密多得很，他要是一一细究，日子也别过了。
Jin Spider didn't ask much. His apprentice has a lot of secrets, and if he investigates them one by one, his life will not pass.
“爸叽，这个毛鸡蛋可以吃了吗？”金宝扒在锅边流口水。
"Dad, is this hairy egg ready to eat?" Jinbao chops drooling over the side of the pot.
王叶抓起他，揉揉他的小肚子，无奈道：“你吃这么多，不撑得慌吗？”
Wang Ye grabbed him, rubbed his little belly, and said helplessly: "You eat so much, don't you panic?" ”
金宝表示他的肚子连接无底洞，来多少食物都能消化。 Jinbao said that his stomach is connected to a bottomless pit, and he can digest as much food as he comes.
王叶还特地请教水龙意识，确定金宝正在发育期，而且龙族只要有条件，完全可以吃一顿管几十年，现在吃多点对他没有什么坏处，这才放心。
Wang Ye also specially consulted the water dragon consciousness, and determined that Jinbao was in the development period, and as long as the dragon clan had the conditions, it was completely possible to eat a meal for decades, and it would not hurt him to eat more now, so he could rest assured.
大约十分钟后，锅里的卵彻底凝固。 After about ten minutes, the eggs in the pot are completely solidified.
王叶这才把卵捞出来，剥掉壳，露出里面微黄色的膏体。
Wang Ye then fished out the eggs and peeled off the shell, revealing the yellowish paste inside.
一股异香扑鼻而来。 A strange smell came to my nose.
王叶唰唰唰把膏体切成六片，给了小云和金宝各一片，又拿出其中一片给虫老。
Wang Ye cut the paste into six pieces, gave Xiaoyun and Jinbao one each, and took out one of them for the worm elder.
“师父，这东西毒性很大，但经过我的特殊手法料理，现在它就是一个大补物，效用大约就是能返还青春二十年左右吧，另外还能修复一些身体暗伤。您尝尝，味道应该还可以。”
"Master, this thing is very toxic, but after my special cooking, it is now a big tonic, and the effect is about twenty years or so, and it can also repair some dark injuries on the body. You taste it, and the taste should be okay. ”
虫老：“……”这样的宝贝在双月星能让魔法师们打起来，结果他徒弟就这么切了给他们吃了？金宝和小云有吃的必要吗？
Worm Boss: A treasure like "......" can make magicians fight in the Twin Moon Stars, and his apprentice just cut it for them to eat? Is it necessary for Jinbao and Xiaoyun to eat?
“味道不错，给他们当点心吃。”王叶耸肩。 "It tastes good, give them a snack." Wang Ye shrugged.
行吧，徒弟的东西，他想怎么着就怎么着。 Okay, apprentice's things, he can do whatever he wants.
虫老捏起膏片放入口中。 The worm picked up the ointment and put it in his mouth.
口感醇厚，入口即化，确实美味，他这个徒弟的手艺真没的说。
The taste is mellow, melts in the mouth, and it is indeed delicious, and his apprentice's craftsmanship really doesn't say.
小云和金宝都迫不及待把属于自己的那片吞了。 Xiaoyun and Jinbao couldn't wait to swallow their piece.
靳蜘蛛有点羡慕，可惜他不能吃。 Jin Spider was a little envious, but unfortunately he couldn't eat it.
结果王叶把其中一片放入了他的“营养液”中。 As a result, Wang Ye put one of them into his "nutrient solution".
靳蜘蛛又感动了。这个小混蛋果然还是想着他的。 Jin Spider was moved again. The little bastard was still thinking about him.
剩下两片，王叶准备留给小光和大黑。 There are two pieces left, and Wang Ye is ready to leave them for Xiaoguang and Dahei.
卵壳则撒给了虫群，半点没有浪费。 The egg shells were scattered to the swarm, and nothing was wasted.
他没给雷木准备，因为他自己不想吃，就也不想给雷木吃。
He didn't prepare it for Lei Mu because he didn't want to eat it himself, so he didn't want to give it to Lei Mu to eat.
雷木也确实不需要，之前那个金色雕像中的能量已经足够他消化一段时间。
Lei Mu really didn't need it, the energy in the golden statue before was enough for him to digest for a while.
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王完成消灭邪神巴勒分意识的任务，奖励经验值三万点。】
[Congratulations to the player next door Xiao Wang for completing the task of destroying the evil god Bale's consciousness, and rewarding him with 30,000 experience points.] 】
王叶眯了眯眼。 Wang Ye narrowed his eyes.
浮游光虫群把整个洞穴都“打扫”了一遍，连一点那雕像和树根的痕迹都没有留下来。
The swarm of planktonic insects "cleaned" the entire cavern, leaving not even a trace of the statue or roots.
小云今天也是收获满满，跟王叶打了个招呼，他接下来要花一点时间进阶，虫巢里的植物就暂时交给小光和虫群们打理。
Xiao Yun also had a full harvest today, and said hello to Wang Ye, he will spend a little time to advance next, and the plants in the insect nest will be temporarily handed over to Xiao Guang and the insect swarm to take care of.
王叶让小云好好吸收能量进阶，虫巢里的植物不用管也没事，反正现在虫巢里各种能量充足，水源也足，那些植物就算不管也能长得茂盛无比。
Wang Ye asked Xiaoyun to absorb the energy well, and the plants in the insect hive would be fine if they didn't care, anyway, now that the insect hive has enough energy and enough water, those plants can grow luxuriant even if they don't care.
“你能吸收多少能量？”靳蜘蛛也察觉到能量被截留，操心道：“就算有虫巢，你的身体也会很快达到饱和。接下来这个能量眼要怎么办？”
"How much energy can you absorb?" Jin Spider also sensed that the energy was being intercepted, and said worriedly: "Even if there is a hive, your body will quickly reach saturation. What's next for this energy eye? ”
王叶在揣摩任务内容：“我一直在想地球的危机会是什么？”
Wang Ye was pondering the content of the mission: "I've been thinking about what the crisis of the earth will be? ”
“能量复苏？” "Energy rejuvenation?"
王叶缓慢摇头：“能量复苏并不能算是危机，虽然人类有可能从食物链最顶端落下来，但对于地球本身来说，是人类成为统治者，还是变异的动植物占上风，对她并没有区别。可是……”
Wang Ye shook his head slowly: "Energy recovery is not a crisis, although it is possible for humans to fall from the top of the food chain, but for the earth itself, it makes no difference whether humans become the rulers or mutated animals and plants prevail." But ......"
可是他重生了，还拥有两个星球可以来回穿梭的能力，他以为只要让双月星脱离既定的某种命运就可以，但现在他发现地球和双月星有着很深的联系。
However, he was reborn and had the ability to travel back and forth between two planets, and he thought that he could just let the Twin Moon Star out of some predetermined fate, but now he found that the Earth and the Two Moon Stars had a deep connection.
创造游戏的存在为什么要找到地球来推行游戏？ Why did the existence of the creation game find the earth to promote the game?
看起来地球人精神体进入双月星，似乎是在帮双月星的忙，但何尝又不是在锻炼自身？
It seems that the earthlings' spirit body has entered the Double Moon Star, which seems to be doing the Double Moon Star a favor, but why is it not exercising itself?
王叶隐隐有预感，也许地球的危机不止是来自能量复苏后的异变，还有其他什么。
Wang Ye had a faint premonition, maybe the crisis of the earth was not only from the abnormal changes after the energy recovery, but also from something else.
这个什么也许和邪神巴勒有一定关系。 This may have something to do with the evil god Balak.
但邪神巴勒不是绝对因素。 But Balak, the evil god, is not an absolute factor.
如此一来，让地球异变的时间仍旧保持和原来一样真的好吗？
In this way, is it really good to keep the time of the earth's anomaly as before?
会不会地球异变本身也是应对危机的一种方式？ Could it be that the planet is itself a way to deal with the crisis?
“如果能再多一点线索就好了。我就不信上辈子征兆真的没有出现，只是我不关心，所以没留意罢了。”王叶含糊的嘀咕，谁都没听清他说的话。
"It would be nice to have a little more clues. I don't believe that the signs in my previous life really didn't appear, but I didn't care, so I didn't pay attention. Wang Ye muttered vaguely, and no one heard what he said.
虫老拍拍徒弟：“你一个人嘀嘀咕咕说什么呢？既然你已经有决定，那就不要犹豫，相信自己的直觉和判断。吸收得差不多就走了。”
The old worm patted his apprentice: "What are you muttering alone?" Now that you've made a decision, don't hesitate to trust your instincts and judgment. Absorb it almost and go. ”
王叶也感觉到虫巢达到了饱和，没再贪心多吸收。 Wang Ye also felt that the hive had reached saturation, and he didn't absorb it greedily.
矿洞里，再次恢复寂静。 In the mine, silence returned again.
只留下墙壁上一个斜着往下的深深洞穴。
没有了封堵能量眼的障碍，看不见的能量汩汩流出。
不过也许度过了最初的喷发期，现在的能量流出平缓了许多。
摩罗瓦正在路上狂奔，为此他还抢了一辆车。
就在他进入这个小镇不久，他突然感觉到神灵对他的呼唤。
那呼唤非常急切。
神灵让他消灭魔子，救出神子之卵。
摩罗瓦已经用了最快的速度，甚至不顾后面警车一直在追赶他。
但就在刚刚，他忽然感觉不到神灵的呼唤了。
不不不，他还是能感觉到神灵的存在，只是神似乎变得虚弱了许多，也不再和他说话。
摩罗瓦十分焦急。
车辆无法进入山区，他只能留下车子，往山区跑。
警察追上来，掏枪高喊要他停下。
摩罗瓦没理睬。
警察追上他。
王叶刚刚从矿洞里出来，就看到了摩罗瓦。
一开始，他还没有认出这个中年人。
但摩罗瓦身上的邪神能量让他感觉到了。
还有摩罗瓦对他的恶意，也触动了因果卷在提醒他这个人是谁。
警察开枪了，只是出于恐吓，并没有瞄准摩罗瓦的身体。
但摩罗瓦被追得十分烦躁，他不知道要去哪里，神没有指引他。
摩罗瓦停了下来，警察靠近，大声呼喝让他双手抱头跪趴到地上。
摩罗瓦站在那里没动。
警察握着枪慢慢走过来，摩罗瓦突然挥拳。
就在摩罗瓦的拳头即将落到警察身上时，他突然消失了。
王叶把摩罗瓦弄到了虫巢隔离间里。
两名警察大吃一惊，一个大活人竟然在他们面前突然消失了？
王叶没管那两名警察要如何疑神疑鬼，他正在观察隔离间里的摩罗瓦。
这个摩罗瓦和他上辈子遇到的那个有不少不一样的地方。
上辈子他去杀摩罗瓦时，这个人看起来更加苍老，就像藏在黑水里最阴险的毒蛇。
他身边聚集了一帮人，都是神神叨叨的，他上辈子不知道这些人都是什么人，但这辈子他知道了，应该都是邪神巴勒的信徒。
而现在，摩罗瓦看起来不但更年轻一些，也更为自信。他的阴毒还在，但多了些志得意满。
是因为觉醒了异能吗？
“你应该感谢我。”
“谁？”摩罗瓦看着这个狭小的连窗户都没有的房间，用力击打墙壁，可他的大力气在这里竟然没有丝毫用武之地，那些墙壁连颤抖都没有颤抖一下。
“如果不是我，你根本不可能觉醒异能。”如果不是他去找摩罗瓦，摩罗瓦就不会逃，他不逃就不会遇到那个女孩，从而觉醒异能。
不对！王叶忽然发现一个漏洞。
如果摩罗瓦这么容易就觉醒异能，那他上辈子早就觉醒了。
所以摩罗瓦会觉醒异能不是他自身的缘故，而是受到那个女孩的刺激？
那个现场爆发的能量不是摩罗瓦的觉醒现场，而是那个女孩？
不过摩罗瓦能借由他人能量爆发，从而被冲击得也觉醒了异能，就表示他的天赋资质也不差。
王叶忽然有点同情这个摩罗瓦了。
明明资质不错，可摩罗瓦上辈子一直喜欢窝在阴暗的地下室，不愿意外出，又特别小心不往危险的地方去，导致没有遇到奇遇的可能，偏偏他上辈子待的地方，能量眼也没有爆发。
为此，摩罗瓦直到死亡那天都没有觉醒异能。
而且上辈子摩罗瓦也没有来到这个小镇。
他好像一直在寻找神子，但一直都没有找到。或者是找到了，但神子没把这个普通人当回事，随便就把他打发了，让他发展教派力量？
“你真的拥有预言之力吗？如果你能预言，你就不会不知道让自己变得强大的方法，也不会不知道你信仰的神灵到底是个什么玩意。”王叶摇头。
“你就是个被邪魔欺骗玩弄的可怜虫，你知道吗？”
“我虽然不是心理砖家，但根据你的外貌和性格，我差不多也能推测出你曾经是个什么样的人。在遇到你的神灵之前，你是不是就像地沟里的老鼠，阴暗渺小，被人忽视被人排斥，说不定还遭受到校园暴力家庭暴力，进入社会也各种不如意，可你又没有办法摆脱困境，慢慢的你觉得你毫无价值，但又觉得你不该是如此，当有一天，一个声音突然告诉你，你是神灵选中的代言者……”
摩罗瓦突然发出冷笑，“没有用。你说这些无非是想动摇我对神的虔诚之心。你根本什么都不知道。”
“那你告诉我啊，你是怎么遇到你的神，又是怎么被他忽悠的，还有你的预言之力……是因为你现在背着的那本魔法书吗？”王叶手一招。
摩罗瓦背包肩带断裂，背包突然被墙壁吸了进去。
“不！”摩罗瓦大急，伸手就去抓他的背包，但根本没抓到。
摩罗瓦气得浑身发抖，幸好他把最重要的雕像放在了衣服口袋里，否则也会像那本魔法书一样被人强行夺走。
“魔鬼！我不会屈服。不管你做什么，我都不会屈服！”摩罗瓦突然跪倒，双手交握，低头闭眼，开始念念有词。
王叶打开背包，拿出那本看起来很古老的魔法书。
虫老和靳蜘蛛也好奇地凑过来看。
“有点能量涌动，但不多，这本魔法书的时间很长，无法估算时间。”虫老翻开魔法书，“和我们不一样的魔法体系，这些是魔法阵吗？好杂，乱七八糟，这大约是一个低级魔法学徒自己记下来的魔法笔记，说这是魔法书，那是对魔法书的侮辱。”
魔法笔记里记载的不止是魔法阵，还有一些魔法咒语，和古怪的画像之类。
翻到最后一页，出现了一个看起来像是倒吊着被绑在十字架上的人像。还有一段文字记载。
虫老只能看懂华夏语，看不懂这笔记上的字，让王叶翻译给他们听。
王叶：“这是地球古拉丁语。意思是……祂是世间最古老的神灵，为了解除人世厄难，也为了给愚昧的人们开蒙，神化身人类对人类进行教导。但新神为了抢夺信徒，也派下使者进入人间。古神付出，新神却抢夺了一切功劳。”
“新神无法杀死古神，只能封印祂，并不再让人们传唱祂的名字。世间只能听到新神的名。但古神必将回归，夺回属于自己的荣耀和神国，以及信徒。”
虫老听完，无语：“所以这个古神就是巴勒？”
王叶看看上面的名字，点头。
靳蜘蛛感叹：“在我们双月星，这些邪神极有可能都是巫留下的灵种形成，在这里却成了古神。”
虫老：“巫在远古和神灵也没什么区别了。”
靳蜘蛛一想也是。
“不过为什么这些邪神都叫巴勒？你们不觉得很有意思吗？按理说应该有不同的邪神才对。”靳蜘蛛提出。
王叶和虫老互看。
王叶说道：“刚才那个金色雕像还有那个卵，它拥有的能力是掠夺和吞噬。我怀疑在很久以前也许有很多邪神，但逐渐的都被这个巴勒给吞噬了，然后这个巴勒变成了最强邪神。但它很可能也遇到了极为可怕的敌人，被打败，最后败逃，并不得不偷偷摸摸地发展力量。”
“你们说双月星和地球，谁是谁的超凡起源？”虫老忽然问。
王叶没办法回答这个问题，他对这个问题的解决方案也非常简单粗暴：“不管巴勒祖籍在哪里，它既然作恶，那就消灭它。”
“有魔法书，就表示地球原本确实有魔法文明。但这个文明消失了。而这本魔法书上有关于巴勒的记载，也许那时候也正是巴勒力量最强大的时期。”靳蜘蛛推测。
"If there is a magic book, it means that there is indeed a magical civilization on the earth. But this civilization is gone. And this magic book contains a record of Balak, which may have been the time when Balak was at its most powerful. Jin Spider speculated.
王叶：“地球莫名其妙消失的文明很多。巴勒有可能祖籍双月星，被某个强大存在打败，逃入地球，在地球兴奋作浪，结果又被揍得半死不活。也有可能巴勒原籍地球，逃入双月星，在双月星冒充巫的灵种，进入雕像成为邪神，慢慢发展自己的力量。”
Wang Ye: "There are many civilizations that have disappeared inexplicably on the earth. It is possible that Balak, whose ancestral home is the Twin Moon Stars, was defeated by a powerful being, fled to Earth, and made waves on Earth, only to be beaten half to death. It is also possible that Balak was originally from Earth, fled into the Twin Moon Stars, impersonated the spirit seed of the witch in the Twin Moon Stars, entered the statue and became an evil god, and slowly developed his own power. ”
但根据系统发布的任务内容来看，巴勒更像是祖籍双月星，分意识逃到地球，它的主体还留在双月星。
But according to the content of the mission released by the system, Bale is more like the ancestral Twin Moon Star, which escaped to Earth in its consciousness, and its main body is still in the Twin Moon Star.
王叶搞清楚这件事后，对摩罗瓦的兴趣就不高了。 After Wang Ye figured out about this matter, his interest in Morova was not high.
这就是个被彻底洗脑的邪神信徒，留着就是祸害。 This is a cult believer who has been completely brainwashed, and it is a curse to keep it.
王叶干掉了摩罗瓦，还搜索了他的记忆——他还有一些不解的疑问，尸体都交给虫巢吞噬了。
Wang Ye killed Morova and searched his memories - he still had some questions, and the corpses were handed over to the hive to devour.
摩罗瓦至死都没有想到他死得这么无声无息，他甚至连半点反抗都无法做到。
Morova never imagined that he would die so silently, that he could not even resist in the slightest.
他明明觉醒成神眷者了不是吗？ He's awakened to a god, isn't he?
为什么神没有保佑他？ Why didn't God bless him?
为什么魔鬼之子这么强大？ Why are Sons of the Devil so powerful?
为什么预言没有让他看到他的结局？ Why didn't the prophecy let him see his end?
那个人欺骗了他吗？ Did that man deceive him?
不，不会的，他不会欺骗他，这一定是光明出现前最黑暗的时期，他的死是必要的牺牲……
No, no, he will not deceive him, this must be the darkest time before the light appears, and his death is a necessary sacrifice......
摩罗瓦最后的灵魂意识被王叶超度了，连做个怨灵都不可能，只能化作最纯粹的天地能量消散。
Morova's last soul consciousness was surpassed by Wang Ye, and it was impossible to even be a resentful spirit, so he could only dissipate into the purest heaven and earth energy.
一个银色雕像从摩罗瓦身上掉出。 A silver statue falls out of Morova.
还有两粒种子从摩罗瓦身上浮出，一粒半银半黑，一粒土黄。
Two more seeds emerged from Morowa, one half silver and half black, and one yellow.
王叶感觉到那银色雕像上也凝聚了一些信仰之力，当即摧毁其，雕像直接就被嘴馋的金宝啃了。
Wang Ye felt that the silver statue also condensed some power of faith, and immediately destroyed it, and the statue was directly gnawed by the greedy Jinbao.
王叶：“你怎么什么都吃？” Wang Ye: "Why do you eat everything?" ”
金宝：“爸叽，我饿！” Jinbao: "Dad, I'm hungry!" ”
王叶有点担心，虽然水龙意识说金宝这样吃没问题，但之前也没看金宝这样吃个不停啊。
Wang Ye was a little worried, although the water dragon consciousness said that it was okay for Jinbao to eat like this, but he hadn't seen Jinbao eat like this before.
水龙意识被王叶催促着给金宝做了个检查，最后只得出一个一切正常的结论。
The water dragon consciousness was urged by Wang Ye to do a check on Jinbao, and finally only came to a conclusion that everything was normal.
王叶收起那两枚种子，他以为只有杀死魔化者才能得到觉醒之种，没想到杀死摩罗瓦也得到了，而且还是两枚。
Wang Ye put away the two seeds, he thought that only by killing the demonizer could he get the seed of awakening, but he didn't expect to get it by killing Morova, and it was two.
不会是他杀死异能者也能得到觉醒之种吧？ It can't be that he can get the seed of awakening by killing the supernatural, right?
“木木，我突然有点明白为什么那家伙一个劲叫我魔鬼之子，我现在也觉得自己特别魔性。”王叶得意非凡地跟雷木炫耀。
"Mu Mu, I suddenly kind of understand why that guy keeps calling me the son of the devil, and I feel very demonic now." Wang Ye proudly showed off to Lei Mu.
雷木用细丝抽他：“这能力别对外说。” Lei Mu pumped him with a thin wire: "Don't talk about this ability. ”
“嗯。”王叶感受那黑色种子的能量，惊讶：“竟然是激发和掠夺。怪不得巴勒会看上这个家伙，原来他的能力和巴勒类似。木木，这颗觉醒之种给你吧，肥水不流外人田，再说这样的能力给谁都不好。”
"Hmm." Wang Ye felt the energy of the black seed and was surprised: "It turned out to be excitation and plundering. No wonder Balak would take a fancy to this guy, it turns out that his ability is similar to Bale. Mu Mu, give you this seed of awakening, the fertilizer and water will not flow into the fields of outsiders, and it is not good to give such an ability to anyone. ”
雷木默默收下了，他觉得王叶应该是察觉出来他的能力异变了。
Lei Mu accepted it silently, he felt that Wang Ye should have noticed that his ability had changed.
另一枚土黄色的觉醒之种可以让人变成大力士，这个可以赠送他人。
Another earthy yellow Awakened Seed can turn a person into a Hercules, which can be gifted to others.
王叶打开因果卷，查看摩罗瓦这辈子的经历，在看到他激发和掠夺了那个女孩的感知能力后，他终于明白为什么因果卷会用全红来警告他，也明白摩罗瓦为什么凝结出了两枚觉醒之种。
Wang Ye opened the Cause and Effect Scroll and looked at Morova's experience in this life, and after seeing that he had stimulated and robbed the girl's perceptual abilities, he finally understood why the Cause and Effect Scroll used all red to warn him, and also understood why Morova had condensed two awakened seeds.
全红是因为摩罗瓦的能力非常危险。 All red is because Morova's abilities are very dangerous.
掠夺女孩感知能力的摩罗瓦知道了神子下落，他比上辈子早了十来年找到了这个小镇。
Morova, who preyed on the girl's perception powers, knew the whereabouts of Miko, and he found the town more than ten years earlier than in his previous life.
拥有激发他人异能，还能掠夺他人异能之能力的摩罗瓦，一定会受到邪神巴勒的重视。
Morova, who has the ability to activate and plunder the abilities of others, will definitely be valued by the evil god Balak.
因为摩罗瓦不但可以帮其发展信众，更能帮其激发信众的能力，让信众更加信仰它。
Because Morova can not only help it develop its followers, but also help it stimulate the ability of its followers and make them believe in it more.
摩罗瓦也会成为邪神巴勒最忠诚的仆人，他甚至可以直接吸收弥赛亚的意念师能力为自己所用。
Morois would also become Balak's most loyal servant, and he could even directly absorb the Messiah's psychic powers for his own use.
摩罗瓦还能给邪神巴勒挑选大量祭品，有血食进补的邪神巴勒就可以提前出世，并得到更为优秀的身体。
Morova can also choose a large number of sacrifices for the evil god Balak, and the evil god Balak who has blood food tonic can be born early and get a better body.
摩罗瓦和邪神巴勒聚集在一起，培养更多的神仆，招揽更多神眷者，自然就能形成一个庞大的邪教势力。上辈子摩罗瓦搞出来的信徒们就自称神眷者阵营。
When Morova and the evil god Balak gather together, cultivate more divine servants, and recruit more divine favors, they will naturally form a huge cult force. In the last life, the followers of Morova called themselves the camp of the gods.
这个神眷者阵营大概也和游戏中那个神眷者阵营有莫大关系。
This faction of the Divine Favorers also has a lot to do with the faction of the Divine Favorers in the game.
因为摩罗瓦认定王叶就是魔子，神眷者阵营一定会试图挑起各国对华夏的忌惮和仇恨。
Because Morova believes that Wang Ye is the devil, the camp of the gods will definitely try to provoke the jealousy and hatred of various countries towards Huaxia.
偏偏华夏拥有了异能者和基因进化药剂，九成会成为众矢之的。
However, Huaxia has the ability and the genetic evolution potion, and ninety percent will become the target of public criticism.
如此，地球就提早进入了大战期，且因为人类能力提高，加上人类的武器，整个地球被毁程度加大。
In this way, the earth entered a period of great war early, and because of the improvement of human capabilities and the weapons of human beings, the destruction of the entire earth increased.
如果按照原本的时间线，世界生物一起异变，人类反而是慢的一方，加上武器，才能勉强和异兽异植们打成平手，甚至不如。
If according to the original timeline, the creatures of the world mutate together, and humans are the slower side, and with weapons, they can barely tie with the alien beasts and plants, or even inferior.
异兽异植的破坏威力很大，但它们也保护了地球。 The destructive power of the alien plants is great, but they also protect the planet.
人类为了对付异变生物和环境巨变，则不得不和平联手。
In order to deal with the deviant creatures and the great changes in the environment, humanity has to join forces peacefully.
但这辈子如果让摩罗瓦和邪神巴勒联合，那结果就很难说了，至少人类尤其华夏会很惨。
But in this life, if Morova and the evil god Balak are united, then it will be difficult to say the result, at least the human race, especially Huaxia, will be miserable.
王叶想通因果卷全红的原因，也长长吐了口气。 Wang Ye figured out the reason why the cause and effect roll was all red, and he also let out a long breath.
真的是一环嵌一环。 It's really a ring and a ring.
如果不是他实力强大，能赶在摩罗瓦前面，更能力压那个邪神巴勒的分意识，这就是一个死局！
If it weren't for his strong strength, being able to catch up with Morova, and even more capable of suppressing the sub-consciousness of that evil god Bale, this would be a dead end!
第370章 地球守护者 Chapter 370: Guardian of the Earth
王叶把那粒能觉醒力量的觉醒之种给了那个叫乔恩的男孩。
Wang Ye gave the seed of awakening that could awaken power to the boy named Jon.
乔恩资质一般，想要觉醒并不容易，与其让他继续眼馋好友的能力，不如他送个小礼物。
Jon's qualifications are average, and it is not easy to awaken, so instead of letting him continue to covet his friend's abilities, it is better for him to give a small gift.
而且随着这个小镇能量眼泄露，附近的生物很快就会变异，有两个超人少年再加上当地警方的力量，当地人至少能坚持到政府援助到达。
And with the leak of the town's energy eye, the nearby creatures will soon mutate, and with two Superboy and the strength of the local police, the locals will at least be able to hold out until government aid arrives.
最重要的是弥赛亚能力虽强，性格却太过腼腆孤僻，不太可能成为领导者，反而容易被人利用。
The most important thing is that although the Messiah is powerful, he is too shy and withdrawn to become a leader, but is easy to be taken advantage of.
倒是乔恩性格外向，虽然有自己的小狡猾小算计，但他愿意和一个玻璃人当朋友，还能在心怀妒忌的情况下抵挡得住邪神巴勒的诱惑，心性算得上可靠。
Jon, on the other hand, is an extrovert, and although he has his own little cunning and calculations, he is willing to be friends with a glass man, and he can resist the temptation of the evil god Balak in the case of jealousy, and his heart is reliable.
有乔恩这个好友在，弥撒亚应该能发挥出更大能量，也能得到一定保护。
With Jon as a friend, the Misa should be able to exert more energy and be protected.
乔恩虽然力气大，可弥赛亚能力更强，狡猾的乔恩也不可能放过这个好友。
Although Jon has great strength, the Messiah is more powerful, and the cunning Jon will not let go of this friend.
两人相辅相成，就能拧成一股不小的力量。 The two complement each other, and they can be twisted into a lot of force.
“我是地球守卫者之一王叶，极度危险游戏玩家隔壁小王，现发现邪神力量并已经消灭其。但邪神力量有外泄，经追踪，发现你身上也沾染了邪神之力，我会帮你净化。之后，你会失去这段记忆。”
"I am Wang Ye, one of the guardians of the earth, an extremely dangerous gamer next door, who has discovered the power of the evil god and has destroyed it. But the power of the evil god has leaked, and after tracking, it was found that you were also contaminated with the power of the evil god, and I will help you purify it. After that, you will lose this memory. ”
“等等！”乔恩半梦半醒间听到这样的话，当即就激灵起来了。
“你是隔壁小王？JRking？天哪！别刷我的记忆，我发誓对谁都不说！”乔恩激动死了。
JRking竟然是地球守卫者！他还发现了邪神，并消灭了它，简直太酷了！
乔恩几乎立刻想到：“你说的邪神是不是那个矿道里的雕像，我就知道它不是什么好东西！请帮我净化它留下的邪恶之力，但是能不能不要洗掉我的记忆？”
“……地球既然进入危险中，世界即将迎来异变。你的朋友弥赛亚就是觉醒的地球战士之一，我这次过来原本是来看他是否能成为地球守卫者，没想到会在这里发现一个邪神。”
“…… Now that the earth is in danger, the world is about to usher in a change. Your friend Messiah is one of the awakened Earth warriors, and I came here to see if he could become the Earth Guardian, but I didn't expect to find an evil god here. ”
乔恩妒忌了，极度谄媚地道：“亲爱的JRking，你看我能不能也成为地球战士？我也愿意为守卫地球母亲尽一份力！”
Jon was jealous and said extremely flatteringly, "Dear JRking, do you think I can also become an Earth Warrior?" I would also like to do my part to protect Mother Earth! ”
“……我可以帮助你觉醒，不过……” “…… I can help you awaken, but ......"
“你说什么条件我都答应！”乔恩跳起来大叫。 "I will agree to any conditions you make!" Jon jumped up and shouted.
“你遇到邪神，被其诱惑，原本会成为对方的食物，但我来了，消灭了邪神，而你因我逃过了这场灾难。在华夏，这就是我们俩有缘，而我们华夏人相信缘分。但我不知道你的品性，如果你将来做恶事，我作为你的引导者，必将受到惩罚。”
"You met an evil god and were tempted by it, and you would have been food for the other party, but I came and destroyed the evil god, and you escaped this disaster because of me. In Huaxia, this is the fate between the two of us, and we Chinese people believe in fate. But I do not know your character, and if you do evil in the future, I will be punished as your guide. ”
乔恩超激动地喊：“我发誓！我用我的生命和名誉发誓，我绝不会做不好的事情！请你相信我。”
Jon shouted excitedly, "I swear!" I swear with my life and reputation that I will never do anything bad! Please trust me. ”
“好！我相信你，我可以帮你觉醒。觉醒的过程会很痛苦……”
"Good! I believe in you, and I can help you awaken. The process of awakening will be painful......"
“我不怕痛苦！”乔恩迅速躺平，“来吧，让我觉醒吧。”
"I'm not afraid of pain!" Jon quickly lay down, "Come on, let me wake up." ”
王叶忍笑，现在的少年真的是……一言难尽。 Wang Ye couldn't help but smile, the current teenager is really ...... It's hard to put into words.
虫老斜睨徒弟：你还有脸说别人？ Worm Old Slanted Apprentice: Do you still have the face to talk about others?
清晨，乔恩睁开眼睛，脸上露出梦幻般的笑容。 Early in the morning, Jon opened his eyes with a dreamy smile on his face.
他昨晚做了一个特别有意思的梦。 He had a particularly interesting dream last night.
他竟然梦见极度危险中的玩家隔壁小王来找他，还帮他觉醒了异能，并把他吸收入地球守卫者阵营，虽然他现在只是一名见习战士。
He dreamed that the extremely dangerous player next door Xiao Wang came to him, and helped him awaken his ability and absorb him into the Guardian of the Earth camp, even though he was only a trainee warrior now.
但他觉醒成了大力士，和他希望的异能一样。 But he awakened to Hercules, just as he had hoped for.
他也很想要其他更厉害更酷的异能，但大力士也不错，只要有，他就满足了。
He'd also like other greater, cooler abilities, but Hercules isn't bad, and he's content with it.
对了，隔壁小王还说要去找弥赛亚。 By the way, Xiao Wang next door also said that he was going to find the Messiah.
他也要去找弥撒亚，他要把这个梦告诉弥赛亚，他一定也会觉得很有趣。
He was also going to find the Messiah, and he was going to tell the Messiah about this dream, and he would surely find it interesting.
嗯，没错，乔恩昨晚以为自己在做梦，才会那么兴奋和毫不怀疑——梦中一切都有可能嘛。
Well, yes, Jon thought he was dreaming last night, so he was so excited and unsuspecting - anything is possible in a dream.
乔恩掀开被子坐起，手肘下意识往床板上一按。
咔嚓！
一分钟后，乔恩家里传来了男孩亢奋到极点的欢呼声。
一个小时后，好不容易稍微掌握了自己“新”身体的乔恩飞快冲出家门，他要去找弥赛亚，和他分享这个好消息。
再问问弥赛亚，昨晚隔壁小王是不是也去找他了。
两个好友碰头，眼对眼，异口同声道：“地球守卫者？”
两人击掌，神情难掩激动。
两个少年拥有了共同的秘密，弥赛亚因为加入了组织（？），知道自己不是最特殊的那一个，就连好友都拥有了神奇的力量，弥赛亚也不再排斥和厌恶自己的能力。
他们可是地球守卫者，是要为地球异变做准备，保护人类和地球的战士，虽然他们现在只是见习。
王叶毫无愧疚地忽悠了两个少年，也没忘之前那个女孩詹尼安德森和姚浩，他把这两人也拉入了地球守卫者阵营，并也给了他们见习战士的身份。
王叶干脆在游戏论坛建了一个群，把四个人都拉到这个名为“地球守卫者见习战士”的群里。
四个年龄不大的家伙迅速沉浸沉迷，对自己的见习战士身份深信不疑。
尤其是詹妮安德森和乔恩，他们可都是通过王叶才获得特殊能力。
姚浩更不用说了，他已经在游戏中嚷嚷他就是隔壁小王的第一狗腿。
弥赛亚也很崇拜隔壁小王，他这样的性格最羡慕的就是那种特别亮眼和有领导能力的人，也愿意听从这类人的话。
搞完这件事——王叶这时完全没意识到，他玩笑一般随口扯出来并随便成立的“地球守卫者”在未来有多大的名气、并起到了多大作用。
王叶跟方老联系，聊了大半个小时。
次日，国家火速派人拿着觉醒图和精神力测试仪前往军警部门，挑出天赋资质最好的一批苗子，进行重点培养，并帮助其觉醒。他们之前就已经在做这事，只不过这次规模更大、速度更快，都没有特意隐瞒。
军警队伍走一遍后，就是各个大中小学校。
异能局专门派人对所有学生进行测试，如果发现精神力涌动厉害的人，就会被挑选出来，进入军事化管理的异能学校进行特殊培养。
而以林博士为首的一众科研工作者，则通过游戏把魔力和科学结合起来，开始往魔法科学双结合的文明道路狂奔。
小道消息纷传，国家虽然没有公开玩游戏可以提高精神力并提升觉醒异能可能的说法，但对于那些小道消息却没有禁止，人们醒过味来，开启了全民游戏模式。
绝大多数人开始白天正常生活，晚上和节假日就挂游戏上玩耍（修炼）的日子。
华夏方面还给各个国家联络，透露出地球将要进入能量复苏期的事情，希望能放下往日成见共同面对未知的变化和危险。
各国反应不一，有人相信，自然也有人认为华夏想太多。
华夏尽到地球村民的义务，剩下的爱信就信，不信拉倒。
王叶把那个能用能量凝出翅膀的传承和炼体术传承送给了异能局，换来一大笔贡献值。
王叶本来已经不想要贡献值，但方老非要给他，还说什么不能因为他强就把他的付出当做理所当然，王叶拗不过这个老头，只好收下。
不过讲真，如果异能局那边真的毫无表示地就收下他送出的东西，一次两次后，他和异能局的关系也就淡了。
所以说方老就是个狡猾的老头子，用一点贡献值和人情就把他拴得牢牢的，哼~！
王叶也知道自己到底考取了哪个中学，他被新成立的异能者学校给录取了，方老亲自给他办的学籍。
当然，异能者学校现在还不叫这个名字，而是叫华夏特殊人才培养学校。
这个学校规模还超级大，从幼儿园到大学，全都齐备，就连师资力量都很快备齐，内部设施和一应条件好得让所有进入的学生都惊讶。
只能说国家爸爸真心想要做什么事，那一切阻碍都不是阻碍。
现在因为觉醒人数较少的缘故，就连军警部门的觉醒者都在这里学习和训练，以后等非军警的异能学生增多，军警部门的异能者只会来这里进修。
姚浩在异能局建议下，也来报考了这所学校，算是进修。
这座学校除了加强异能者对华夏和对人类的情怀，就是教异能者怎么使用和适应他们的能力，并为他们设计他们今后的发展路线。同时包括身体监测和医疗。
这个学校很是方便了王叶这样的人。
王叶直接让方老帮他跟学校弄了个实习外出许可——实习可以算学分，请假就是真请假。
方老不知道怎么操作的，竟然把自己弄成为王叶的监护人之一，王沐也同意了。
王沐甚至很高兴方老能当王叶的监护人，觉得侄子终于有个好靠山了。
实际上，方老觉得王叶才是他的依仗。
现在王叶已经是国家上层都知道的异能局特别外聘行动队员，瞧瞧他在外面浪了多久，就办成了多少件事？
只他弄到的那个组织的信息、他救回来的那些人、还有他交上来的传承等等，都给国家带来了不菲的好处。
所以王叶想在外面浪，方老也就唠叨两句让他万事小心，并没有真的阻止他。
王叶现在浪到哪里了呢？
他来到了一座位于阿罗哈的岛屿，这座岛屿上有一个古老的小镇。
这个叫做姆子的小镇至今默默无闻，哪怕她的岛屿风景非常优美，但可能因为小镇镇民比较排外的缘故，这里的旅游业并没有发展起来。
王叶之所以会来到这座岛屿并找到这个小镇，是因为摩罗瓦的记忆。
王叶在消灭邪神巴勒的分意识时，特意搜寻了一下对方的精神海，并没有找到关于他是魔子的所谓预言。
等他又搜索了摩罗瓦的记忆，才知道那个预言并不是邪神巴勒塞给摩罗瓦，而是摩罗瓦自己“预言”出来。
当然，就凭那本杂乱的低级魔法笔记，摩罗瓦根本没办法预言出那么详细的内容。
那么他是怎么知道隔壁小王就是魔鬼之子，是灭世者？
根由就在这座岛屿上。
王叶按照摩罗瓦的记忆顺着北边的悬崖一路向前走。
最北头的悬崖上立着一座已经有两百多年历史的老灯塔。
但谁也不知道那座灯塔下方还有玄妙。
老灯塔最下方的大门锁着，这个灯塔现在几乎没有人管理，上面的灯自然也不会亮，相当于被废弃了。
当地人也不喜欢来这里，因为老灯塔这儿有些诡异，往年经常有些想不开的人跑到这里自杀。
摩罗瓦会找到这里，不是谁指引他，而是出于散心的目的，他再次辞职——其实是在公司里待不下去了，他总觉得所有人都在说他坏话。
摩罗瓦拿着最后的存款来到自己曾经最想来的旅游圣地阿罗哈，他想任性一次，哪怕这次回去他穷的只能吃土。
他没有跟团，也没有聘请导游，就自己瞎逛。
他一个大男人也不怕被人拐骗。
他没有被人拐骗，但他大概说了一些不好听的话，惹得船主不高兴，把他扔到了这座岛屿上。
对方说船没油了，说他去找人加油，让他下船随便逛逛，半个小时后来找他。
等他二十分钟后回来，船主和他的船早跑不见了。
摩罗瓦想离开岛屿，结果岛屿上的人都说要等明天才有船送他出去，下午三点以后他们的船就不会离岛。
没办法，摩罗瓦只能在这座岛屿住上一个晚上。
小镇很排外，也不是很欢迎游客，但总算还有一家带餐饮的旅馆。
摩罗瓦坐不住，就出来闲逛，逛到了老灯塔处。
那时，老灯塔的大门并没有上锁。
这扇大门也很有意思，竟然外面有插销，就好像防止什么从里面出来一样。
摩罗瓦欣赏了一会儿夕阳，鬼使神差地拉开了插销……
第371章 预言之墙 Chapter 371: The Wall of Prophecy
王叶用脚跺了跺地板。 Wang Ye stomped on the floor with his foot.
二十年前摩罗瓦过来时，这块地板已经腐蚀，他一脚踩破，跌入下方。
When Morova came over twenty years ago, the floor had corroded, and he had broken it with one foot and fallen underneath.
但现在这片地板看起来虽然不再崭新，但显然很结实。 But now the floor doesn't look brand new, but it's clearly sturdy.
应该是当地人发现地板破损后重新修复。 It is supposed that the locals found the floor and repaired it after discovering it.
就不知道当地人对下方的空洞是否有所了解。 It is not known if the locals know anything about the hollow below.
王叶看到地板有缝隙，也懒得揭开地板，直接从地板缝隙里钻了进去。
下面是个像水井一样的深洞。 Underneath is a deep hole like a well.
也不知道当初建造灯塔的人是不是就是为了遮挡这口水井。
I don't know if the people who built the lighthouse in the first place were to block the well.
当然，这并不是水井，没有水井会在全是石头的悬崖峭壁上开凿，这就是一个天然石洞，直通悬崖底下。
Of course, this is not a well, and no well will be dug into the stone cliff face, which is a natural stone cave that leads to the bottom of the cliff.
落到下面有海水，人掉下来会很危险。 There is seawater when you fall below, and it will be dangerous for people to fall.
不过这个宛如水井一般的直洞壁上镶嵌有凸出的石块，就像是石梯，费点力气完全可以爬上去。
However, the walls of this well-like straight cave are inlaid with protruding stones, like a stone staircase, and it can be climbed with a little effort.
王叶猜测这个天然井道大约是古早以前当地人留下的某个秘密通道。
Wang Ye guessed that this cenote was probably a secret passage left by the locals long ago.
摩罗瓦去的地方还在下方。 Where Morova went was still below.
王叶下沉了大约五六米后，终于看到了一些斜着的通道。
After Wang Ye sank for about five or six meters, he finally saw some oblique passages.
他游入那条通道，明明地势往下，可只游了十来米就露出了头，前面竟然没有水了。
He swam into the passage, obviously the terrain was down, but he only swam about ten meters before his head was exposed, and there was no water in front of him.
这也是当初摩罗瓦掉下来没有淹死的原因。 This is also the reason why Morova fell and did not drown in the first place.
摩罗瓦当时运气不错，因为掉下来的时间正好是退潮的时间，他跟着退潮流入洞穴，如果不是退潮，他根本不可能发现这个继续向下的洞穴。
Morova was lucky, for the time of the fall coincided with the time of low tide, and he followed the low tide into the cave, and if it were not for the low tide, he would not have been able to find this cave that continued down.
王叶从水里出来，拿出魔法灯照亮通道，仔细观察这条明明就在海平面下面，却没有被海水淹没的通道是怎么一回事。
Wang Ye came out of the water, took out a magic lamp to illuminate the passage, and carefully observed what was going on in this passage, which was obviously below the sea level, but was not submerged by the sea.
虫老他们在虫巢里观察。 Worms are old and they observe in the hive.
“有魔法符纹，虽然和我们的不同，但这种符号九成代表一种特殊力量，这条通道没有水就是这些符号造成。”靳蜘蛛判断。
"There are magic runes, although they are different from ours, but ninety percent of these symbols represent a special power, and the lack of water in this passage is caused by these symbols." Jin Spider judged.
王叶手指轻轻触摸这些符号，微微输入一点点能量。 Wang Ye's fingers lightly touched these symbols, and a little bit of energy was slightly entered.
反击之力返回，让他的指尖略麻。 The force of the counterattack returned, making his fingertips tingle slightly.
这些符号真的和魔法符号一样具有特殊能量。
通道相当长，根据地势来判断，他应该离岸两百多米，进入海平面之下已经有三十多米。
继续往前走，王叶看到了二十年前摩罗瓦看到并为之震惊，之后更是因此迷恋魔法和神学的存在。
那是一堵墙。
一堵根部在海水里，墙上都是刻字的墙。
王叶抬头往上看。
上面就是海水。
他再回头看，看到的是四周都是岩石的通道。
而他现在就站在岩石通道和海水的分界线处。
往前就是海水，退后就是通道。
这堵墙距离海边并不算远，为什么至今为止都没有人发现？
王叶感到怪异。
王叶为了验证自己的猜测，竟然原路返回。
回到悬崖上，从悬崖直接飞向下方海面，再按照他刚才估摸出来的大致距离，沉入海中。
可他花了半个多小时在海水中寻找，都没找到那个通道和那堵墙。
海水里到处都是礁石和珊瑚，看起来就和普通的海底没任何区别。
他也没找到什么遗迹，倒是找到一些破碎的瓦罐，但只是垃圾。
王叶使用空间之力，瞬移回他之前定位的地点。
他又看到了那堵墙。
“有意思，明明定位一样，地方却不一样，就好像空间被折叠了。”而他进入了这个被折叠的空间。
进入这个空间的通道就是刚才的水下通道。
王叶眼睛亮起来。
地球果然有不少秘密。
但这个通道并不算秘密，甚至有人在上面建了一座灯塔，那么按理说这堵墙也应该早就被发现。
如果当地人稍微有点经营意识，还能上报政府，把这里搞成某个远古文明遗址，就算只是弄个水下参观，也能赚不少钱。
但这座岛的居民不但不愿意接受外来游客，连这个灯塔似乎也不怎么愿意靠近。
为什么？只是因为这里是自杀圣地？
王叶飘到那堵墙面前。
摩罗瓦称这堵墙为“预言之墙”。
墙的前面还有一个长方形的台子，像是祭台。
祭台两边立有两根石柱。
王叶手指在石柱颜色深沉的地方划过。
如果他没看错，这应该是血迹，而且是常年累月留下来的血迹，都已经深深渗入石柱中，海水日夜侵蚀都没有消失。
祭台上要干净得多，但有三个圆形痕迹，像是原本祭台上摆放了什么东西。
摩罗瓦一开始根本看不懂预言之墙上写的内容，直到他从这张祭台上得到了一本泡在海水里不知多少年仍旧完好无损的魔法书，还有一尊银色雕像。
摩罗瓦听到了神音，神教他魔法书上的知识，教他认识古老的魔法符纹。
但根据摩罗瓦的记忆，他拿到的魔法书和银色雕像的位置与那个圆形痕迹并不吻合，更像是后来放上去的。
“这面墙上刻写的是什么？也是你说的古拉丁文？”虫老飞出来问。
“不是。这是另一种更古老的文字。”王叶看不懂这种文字，这表示这种文字在地球尚没有明确记载。
“但这里的文字是古拉丁文。”王叶抚摸那张祭台的表面。
有人在这张祭台上用小刀刻下了一句话，大意是：
“我找到了消失的魔法文明，这堵墙就是消失的大陆最后的圣人留下的预言之墙。”
王叶发现这句话的字迹与那本魔法笔记上的字迹完全一致，这表示那本魔法笔记很可能是留下这句话的人书写。
这也可以解释了为什么那本魔法笔记上用的是古拉丁语。
王叶怀疑写那本魔法笔记的作者在这里学会了一些魔法，记录下来，就成了那本魔法笔记。
这也就表示邪神巴勒很可能在远古就来到了地球？
虫老：“远古文明？”
“也许。”王叶正在想消失的大陆，这个说法让他感到熟悉，他应该看到过相应的信息。
位于阿罗哈，海底，消失的大陆，远古发达的文明……
王叶打了个响指：“我想起来了，我们地球有个姆大陆传说。这个传说说的是这一片海域曾经有一个占地非常大的大陆，这片大陆上曾经拥有高度发达的文明，但有一天，这个大陆沉没了，文明消失。有人说是自然灾难，也有人说是因为极为可怕的战争。”
“同期消失的还有一个亚特兰蒂斯文明，而且也是沉入海底，同样也被传为是高发达文明。有意思吧。”
虫巢老小们来了兴趣，一起仰头看墙壁上的文字。
虫老和靳蜘蛛都是学识渊博的人，他们一边看一边推测。
“这种古文很像是一个又一个符号组成，你们觉不觉得像是他们的魔法文字？具有魔力的文字？”靳蜘蛛忽然道。
王叶心中一动，飘到墙壁上，用手触摸墙壁上的刻字，输入自己的精神力去理解，还输入了一定能量。
几乎是一瞬间，这片石壁散发出莹莹的青光。
这果然是魔法文字，本身就具有能量，当你输入能量并用自己的精神力去解读时，不需要你认识它，它会自动化成你能理解的意思，呈现在你脑中。
那么这堵墙上刻写的魔文说的是什么呢？
王叶眼眸微微收缩，满满的都是不可置信。
这堵墙在告诉他：【万年后，能量复苏，隔壁小王死，吾神带领吾族回归。隔壁小王不死，世界毁灭，吾神也难以挽回。】
王叶：“……卧槽！”
这是万年前的预言？
那时候就有人预言到万年后地球会能量复苏？
好吧，这个也许并不难预言，说不定还有某种规律。
但这个预言为什么会提到隔壁小王？
难不成王在这个种族也是一个大姓？
或者这句话的意思是隔壁年幼的王？
王叶知道不是后者的意思，因为他接受到的就是“隔壁小王”这个发音，并明确告诉他这就是一个名字。
最可怕的是，如果他理解没有错误，这个预言包含了他重生前后两种可能。
隔壁小王死，他上辈子确实在十五年后死了，也许他死后，这个消失的文明和种族在他们神的带领下又回来了。
但这辈子，他没有死，也不会那么容易死去，如此，地球就毁灭了？
而地球毁灭的原因会不会是他想要阻止这一族回归，和他们的神开战，然后不小心把地球给打碎了？
王叶毛毛的，他是不是该赶紧自杀一把？
“别胡思乱想。预言说了什么？”雷木敲他。
王叶把预言内容说了，特委屈地道：“这什么鬼预言？肯定不准，要么就不是我。”
虫老那边也跟王叶一样，直接输入能量和精神力，直接理解了预言之墙想要传达的意思。
他的表情也很无语，他收个徒弟容易吗？
怎么谁都想弄死他徒弟？
连万年前的古人都那么早以前就给他徒弟挖了那么大一个坑！
这个预言之墙要是现世，就是再不相信预言的人，大概也会在心里嘀咕。
到时候一旦有什么灾难，他徒弟就得成为众矢之的。
虫老冷哼一声，手中出现一支魔杖，直接攻击墙壁。
他要毁掉这座预言之墙！
轰！
整个海面都颤抖了一下，还掀起了不小的浪花。 The whole sea trembled, and there was quite a splash.
预言之墙……碎了。 Wall of Prophecy ...... Shattered.
王叶张大嘴：这么牛掰的一堵墙，保持了万年之久，竟然就这么碎了？
Wang Ye opened his mouth wide: Such a bull-broken wall, which has been maintained for 10,000 years, is it broken like this?
虫老：小看我圣级的威力。
水流倒卷，一股大浪冲来。
王叶巍然不动，这点浪对他们都是小意思啦。
等浪头过去，再看刚刚站在墙边的虫老……
“人呢？我师父人呢？这嘛意思？你们把我师父一个个都弄到哪里去了？”王叶这个气啊，暴跳如雷都无法形容。
闻笛师父他们一去不回头，他的PTSD症状就加深了不少。
现在连虫老都不见了，这是想干嘛？
想逼他疯吗？
王叶气得撸袖子。
靳蜘蛛想出来劝他，被他撵回虫巢里。
有阴谋！
他感到了深重的恶意！
竟然把他师父们一个个都吞了。
靳蜘蛛出来，说不定也会不见。
他不能再放家里老小出来了，要是都不见了，他不知道自己会变成怎样。
说不定真能变成灭世的魔鬼。
雷木冷静道：“虫老应该没有危险，他是圣级魔法师。”
王叶还是难减焦躁：“这就是一个陷阱！”
“也许不是陷阱，这堵墙也许也是一种考验，如果来人的能量达到一定程度，或者击毁这堵墙，就会被带到某个地方。”
王叶来回走：“对方会不会以为攻击预言之墙的就是隔壁小王，或者与他有关，然后就把人抓走了？”
雷木：说的这个隔壁小王好像不是你一样。
但雷木也知道王叶现在正处在一种特异状态，最好能顺毛摸，别挑他的刺。
“也有这个可能。但你应该相信虫老的能力，如果他都不行，你觉得你找过去能做什么？”雷木现在就在充当小叶子的冷却器。
"It's also possible. But you should believe in the ability of the worm elder, if he can't, what do you think you can do if you find it? "Raimu is now acting as a cooler for the little leaves.
王叶终于冷静些许：“对，如果他遇到危险，应该可以传送回虫巢。”
Wang Ye finally calmed down a little: "Yes, if he encounters danger, he should be able to teleport back to the hive." ”
因为以前虫巢是跟着他本人跑，无法定位，所以也没有办法准确传送回虫巢。
Because the hive used to follow him, he couldn't locate it, so there was no way to accurately teleport back to the hive.
闻笛他们不见后，王叶就特别后悔没有给虫巢加上一个定位功能，为此，上次他把千木之毒解到第九层，就再次小小升级了一下虫巢。
他给虫巢加了个自动定位再自动传送定位的功能。
这样家里老小只要能随时接收到虫巢传来的定位，就能随时传送回虫巢中。
王叶开始满地乱转。
他把变成碎片的预言之墙的碎片都收进了虫巢。
又把那个祭台和两根柱子也给砍了，收了起来。
他还潜入水底，把隐藏在海沙海泥下的地板砖都给撬开来。
就连过来的通道，他把所有魔法符纹都铲掉了，还把墙皮和地皮都铲掉了一层。
他几乎把能折腾的地方都折腾了一遍，也没有发现别的通道和空间。
保护古迹？
呵！吞了他师父，还预言他是灭世者，还指望他保护现场？
王叶插腰，目光狠狠扫过这片海域，他的空间感知力告诉他，这里有个传送阵。
王叶突然抬头看向上方海面。
王叶冷笑，“小光！上去给我把海水都给啃了！”
“咿！”小光率领大群浮游光虫冲到上方。
上方哪里是海水，只是看起来像是海水的波纹。
当小光率领虫群冲上去。
那波纹突然剧烈波动。
轰隆隆的闷响声传来，
海水大量涌入这个空间。
上方的波纹用力扭转身体，逃跑。
虫巢中老小吃惊：“那是什么？”
“一种水生物，透明，像是水母。小光，吃掉它！”王叶丝毫不打算留手。
除非对方把虫老还回来。
“好大的水母！”金宝感叹。
可那水母再大，也不经吃，转眼就被小光和浮游光虫啃了一小半。
那水母害怕了，突然向某地冲去。
王叶身影一闪，附在了那水母身上。
第372章 翱元王国、线索
王叶看到了一座雕像。
那雕像像是一个人俑，就那么突兀地坐立在海底。
雕像上长了很多水草，就像是一个人长了很多头发，头发有的顺水飘荡，有的盖住脸庞，冷不丁地看见，很是吓人。
大水母加快速度冲向雕像。
水纹一晃，王叶跟着大水母换了地方。
还是在海水中，但压力似乎大了许多。
周围一片漆黑，像是深海。
王叶惊讶地看向周围，这又是一个折叠空间吗？
这里的水质似乎有点古怪。
王叶取了一点海水交给靳蜘蛛分析。
王叶就挂在那只大水母身上，而大水母丝毫没有察觉。
大水母游着游着，突然四分五裂，生命力眼看也就要消失。
王叶皱眉，迅速把剩下的水母捞入虫巢，暂时放入底层海水中，还给它单独弄了个隔离空间。
大水母绝不是被小光他们伤害到死亡，而是像是无法接受这个环境而死亡一般。
这里是哪里？
王叶放出精神力感知。
周围仍旧一片漆黑，上不见顶，下不见底。
压力越来越大，王叶感觉自己的氧气消耗越来越多，幸好虫巢内部可以给他提供足够的氧气。
“叶子，离开这里。”靳蜘蛛分析出了结果，迅速喊道：“这海水有毒。”
王叶不怕毒，他现在万毒不侵，他只需要小心不把这些海水吸收入虫巢。
“不是普通的毒，是……辐射。对，用你们的话说，就是辐射很重。你的身体可以抵抗一时，但不能长久处在这个环境，赶紧离开！”靳蜘蛛再次警告。
草！王叶赶紧把那只大水母所在的隔离空间又加了一层隔离，另外给它倒了一瓶恢复药剂。
大水母动了动，眼看着生命力就增加了不少，应该是活过来了。
王叶不敢小看靳蜘蛛的警告，正要利用瞬移离开，突然感知到前方似乎有什么大规模的建筑。
“我发现了什么，稍等。”
王叶使用空间隔离术，把海水和虫巢隔离开来，这种方法比较耗费能量，但可以最大程度减少海水辐射对他身体的伤害。
半分钟后，王叶看到了一个被淹没的神庙建筑。
他看到这个建筑的第一眼就联想到了神庙。
这座建筑有着很高的地基，一阶阶台阶往上，如果不是在海底，这座建筑可能至少有百米高。
The building has a very high foundation, one step up the stairs, and if it were not at the bottom of the sea, the building would probably be at least 100 meters high.
其房顶最中间竖立着一座雕像，这座雕像是一名手持重剑、宛如战神一般的伟岸男子。
雕像宏伟、美丽、充满神性，让人看到就想膜拜。
神庙占地非常大，最外围由上百根巨大的石柱支撑。
石柱全都被雕刻成人像，有男有女。
他们的动作都很统一，那就是双手高抬，像是在用自己的肩膀和手臂支撑起神庙的房顶。
神庙最上端的房檐上雕刻了无数的动物，这些动物都长得奇形怪状。
神庙没有墙壁，通过石柱，就能看到内部。
内部地面竖立着一个又一个石碑。
王叶接近神庙，没有感到任何异常能量。
他继续往神庙内部接近。
他越过石柱，看向最外面、最靠近他的一个石碑。
石碑上刻有文字，都是他之前在预言之墙上看到的文字。
王叶伸出手，小心释放出能量和精神力，来解读这石碑上的文字。
石碑浮起莹莹的青色光芒，刻写的内容如流水般出现在王叶脑中。
【九星连珠并非灾难征兆，这是正常的天象变化，但世人多愚昧，九星连珠出现那天，天空浮现幻影，潮汐增强，海啸出现，各地民众惊慌。大祭司在王的要求下做出预言。预言后，大祭司浑身干枯而死，人称神罚，因为大祭司看到了不该看到的内容，透露了不该透露的内容。】
【大祭司做了什么预言没有人知道，但惊恐正在蔓延，天象变异，大战将起，为不使天象之学失传，特在此碑留下我的传承……】
王叶真心惊讶了。
这个石碑竟然是一名万年前的天文学家所留。
石碑中记载的都是这名天文学家的天文学识。
万年前的星象记录和研究，对于现在的天文学家来说一定很宝贵。
王叶看向附近的石碑，这些石碑该不会都是一个又一个学术传承？
因为接受学术传承时间很长，王叶切断了和天文传承石碑的精神联系，游向另外一块石碑。
他激活了一枚又一枚石碑，确定了自己的猜测。
这座神庙内的石碑竟然都是各种万年前的学术传承。
至少他激活的那些石碑都是。
王叶不禁肃然起敬。
虽说这个万年前中的种族搞出了那个预言之墙，还把虫老给偷走了，但他们能留下这么多传承，也是很为后人着想了。
而且从他激活的那些石碑内容来看，万年前这个种族的文明绝对称得上发达。
他刚刚就激活了一个关于数学的研究。
王叶在神殿内部的石碑林中游走，这里简直就是远古图书馆，最大的宝藏。
只是万年前的人们大概没有想到，他们留下的传承地点首先就没有人能进来，其次，他们留下的文字，普通人也无法阅读和看懂。
王叶身体一顿，或者他理解错了，这些石碑传承是留给后人没错，但并不是留给全人类，而是留给这个种族的后代？
因为他现在触摸的这块石碑是一名貌似史学家的记录。
他在述说历史时，采取的是时间倒述的方式，重点描述了最后那段，这倒是很方便了他。
【……海水上涨，大陆已经沉没大半，战争又让我们的家园被摧毁、族人死伤无数。但这不是最大的绝望。】
【能量在消退，我们赖以为生的魔力在消失。有人说是战争的结果，因为大家打得太厉害，眼看已经伤害到世界本身，所以这颗星球的意识让魔力消失了，让我们都变成了弱者。也有人说，这是正常的能量潮汐变化，现在消退，也许未来还会再出现。】
【……王做出决定，在我们还有能量支撑、在我们的魔法还能使用的时候，撤离我们的母星，前往另一个具有魔力的世界。但到底去哪里，人们再次有了分歧。】
【不是所有大能都听王的命令，很多人不同意王的撤离地点，有能力的人四散离开，没有人知道他们去了哪里。】
【大撤离开始！无数飞艇升空，我们即将前往岁星。请记住这一天，这天是翱元王国9766年7月11日……】
王叶在这面石碑前停留的时间最长。
这面石碑留下的历史信息让他完整地拼凑出一万两千多年前，地球发生了什么事。
那时姆大陆和亚特兰蒂斯文明最为发达，当然他们自己不这么叫他们的大陆。
姆大陆文明被当地人称为翱元文明，这块大陆上也只有一个王国就是翱元王国。
亚特兰蒂斯文明并不是在大陆上，而是由无数大小岛屿组成，也是一个联合王国，被当时的人称为自由联盟王国。
因为九星连珠，两个王国的大祭司都给出了非常可怕的预言。
再加上能量消退，两个王国之间展开了资源战——人口少了，吸收能量的人就少了。多死一点大能，能量回归天地，其他人就有能量吸收了。
加上他们彼此的大陆在大祭司的预言中都将被海水淹没，他们共同看中了一片新大陆，都想要获得那片大陆的所有权，那就只有打。
这就是战争发生的原因。
但这位史学家还透露出，两大王国会发展战争，跟一名邪神也有关系。
那个邪神志在挑起两大王国战争，以战死者的鲜血和灵魂为食。
但这名史学家没有透露那名邪神的名字，说呼唤邪神的名字就会给予它力量，他不提，就是要让人们彻底遗忘这个邪神。
王叶已经猜测这名邪神就是巴勒，没想到它在一万两千年前就来到地球，并在地球兴风作浪。
王叶忽然微微皱眉。
从这名史学家的语气来看，他、以及翱元王国的绝大多数民众和统治者应该都十分厌恶邪神巴勒。
那么邪神巴勒的雕像怎么会出现在预言之墙的祭台上？
还有一个问题，预言之墙只给出了预言，那名写下魔法笔记的古拉丁人又是跟谁学的魔法？
王叶根据魔法笔记最后一页把巴勒当做正神的描述推测：也许预言之墙是预言之墙，那邪神雕像是邪神雕像，两者不能混为一谈。
很可能邪神巴勒在很久以前就留下了一个它的雕像，利用自己的信徒，把它藏在了预言之墙附近。
几千年后，有古拉丁人无意间或者是被邪神巴勒放出的诱惑之音，找到了预言之墙所在地点。
古拉丁人找到银色雕像，并听从银色雕像中传出的“神音”学习魔法，从而写下了那本魔法笔记。
甚而魔法笔记使用的材料都是银色雕像提供——王叶到现在都很在意祭台上那三个圆圈，那里一定曾经有什么，但被人取走了。
取走的人十有八九就是写下魔法笔记的那个古拉丁人。
这样一来，所有事情就通顺了。
王叶继续阅览这名历史学家留下的历史资料，他看到两大王国的战争起因时，还奇怪地球有那么多大陆，为什么两个王国只争抢一个？
看到后来才明白，原来其他大陆上要么也有高等文明存在，要么就是有两大王国都招惹不起的可怕存在。
而且地球能量分布并不均匀，有的大陆和岛屿能量异常丰富，因为有能量眼。但有的大陆和岛屿能量就极为贫瘠。
所以并不是所有地盘都能让两大王国稀罕。
他们当时最想要的就是能量丰富之地。
这也很好理解，他们的所有文明基础都建立在“魔力”之上，没有魔力，就没有他们的文明。
更何况一名魔法师习惯了呼风唤雨，招手就能成事，让他做回一个普通人，能忍？
至少王叶现在就觉得如果没有能量吸收，也没有办法使用他的能力的话，他一定无法忍受。
所以他特别明白两大王国想要撤离地球，寻找新的能量家园的欲求。
“岁星……指的是木星吗？”王叶自语。
但根据现代天文观察，木星上似乎并没有生物生存。
王叶逐渐往内部的石碑靠拢。
他分别找到了记载医术、药学、动物学、植物学、矿物学……等专业知识的石碑。
从这些知识传承可以看出，当时的翱元王国的魔法非常发达，几乎遍布各行各业，因为魔法存在，他们的科技和医疗能力都非常高明。
可一旦脱离魔法，比如利用某个魔法阵萃取某某魔法物质，再经过某个魔法阵融合某某和某某魔法物质，只这点，现代的人们就无法理解也无法做到。
还有利用魔力激活身体生机、刺激精神海等等，同样和现在地球的医疗手段有很大区别。
有意思的是，王叶在翱元王国的医术传承中发现了类似华夏针灸、穴位和经络之类的说法，这表明在一万两千多年前，地球各大陆很可能都把这些知识当做一种普遍认识。
华夏那边很可能也有相应传承留下，但当“气”从世间消失，人们不再会运用，那么远古流传下来的这些医术知识就显得没有那么神奇了。
这就好像电器失去了电，电脑再厉害没有电，它也没办法启动。
包括很多药方，很多人也奇怪这些药方到底是怎么出现的，为什么就能确定它们搭配在一起就能治病？
后来的药方是由历代医者总结研究而出，那么最初的药方呢？
为什么会有五行学说？
为什么会有河图洛书？
它们的源头在哪里？
王叶深吸气，对虫巢里的老小道：“不说更远古的时候，至少一万两千多年前地球有着极为发达的文明，而且不止一个，可能各大陆都有自己的文明发展，又互有融汇。”
“但能量枯竭期到来，当时的人们无法接受这样的环境，只能离开。但各个种族和文明肯定都想方设法留下了部分传承，但因为魔法、仙法、妖法等缘故，当时人们留下的传承，后来的地球人根本无法阅读和理解。”
“这就像现在地球人留下硬盘和电脑撤离地球，等几千年后，如果知识没能完美继承下来，新的原始人出现，他们根本无法从硬盘中读取知识，就算是书籍，他们也无法理解。甚至会因为不懂而在无意中摧毁硬盘和书籍。最后可能只有少量图片和石碑之类流传下来。”
靳蜘蛛点头：“推测很合理。我们双月星很可能也有类似的历史，说不定远古地球人就曾到过双月星，成为双月星最初的巫。”
王叶走到了石碑林的最中间。
最中间的石碑最大，它实际是一根巨大的石柱，撑起了房顶最中心位置。
The stone monument in the middle is the largest, and it is actually a huge stone pillar that supports the very center of the roof.
这根石柱上没有任何文字记载，但有很多凸起的魔法符号。
There is no written record on this stone pillar, but there are many raised magical symbols.
这是和双月星完全不同的魔法体系，王叶再天才也不可能立刻就看懂它们。
This is a completely different magic system from the Twin Moon Stars, and no matter how talented Wang Ye is, it is impossible for him to understand them immediately.
但王叶把手掌放到石柱上时，他感知到了什么，伸手去碰触那些凸起的魔法符号。
魔法符号忽然移动。
王叶试着挪动几个魔法符号后，就不再动它们。
“爸叽？这是什么？”金宝好奇地问。
“这是一个机关。石柱是个定位点，它上面的魔法符号被打散了，就像是一个机关拼图，必须把那些魔法符号按照正确的次序拼出来，才可能……我知道了！这是一个传送阵！”
可惜，他虽然知道这是一个传送阵，却因为看不懂石柱上的魔法符号，而无法把它们按照正常位置挪移。
放在这么重点位置的传送阵，可想而知会传送到什么地方。
很可能对面就是翱元王国撤离的地点，他虫师父很可能也就在那里！
王叶现在还有一点想不通，翱元王国的人为什么要留下那堵预言之墙？
只是为了警告后人？
还是为了捕杀他？
雷木突然道：“留下预言之墙的翱元人应该没有想到，他们的文明会消失得那么彻底。从他们留下预言之墙的位置来看，很可能在万多年前，那里也是一片高地，让人抬头就能看到。但战争或者是地壳变动，预言之墙所在地块和悬崖断开，彻底沉入海底。”
王叶还是觉得有哪里有问题：“如果预言之墙所在地点曾经和悬崖相连，那么那口天然深井是怎么回事？”
雷木想了想，道：“你有没有觉得那口天然深井出现的很不自然？你想有没有可能当时有人攻击了预言之墙，那口深井就是有人击穿了地面，而预言之墙所在岩石层也因此断裂，这才落入海水中？”
王叶回忆他之前通过的通道和天然深井。
的确，这两者看起来根本毫无联系。
那通道倒像是从哪里断了一截。
王叶脑中一亮：“你是说翱元王国当时有人同意留下预言之墙，但也有人不同意？”
雷木嗯了一声，道：“那个邪神雕像出现的也很古怪。你想有没有可能邪神巴勒蛊惑了当时的某些翱元王国的人，想要在万年后挑起你和翱元人的战斗，而巴勒就可以坐收渔翁之利。”
“然后有人想要毁掉预言之墙，想要彻底毁掉邪神巴勒，就在这里开战，预言之墙就此沉入海底，甚至邪神巴勒的金色雕像也被打飞，落到了坚果国那个小镇的地下矿脉里。”
王叶击掌，连连道：“那三个圆圈，其中一个圆圈的大小就和金色雕像差不多大，也就是说那个祭台并不是用来祭拜预言之墙，而是巴勒的信徒给他摆的祭台。这也就能解释那两根石柱上怎么会有那么多血迹，有人在用生命祭祀巴勒，可能在短时间内杀了很多人。”
“巴勒很可能借此欺骗了他的信徒，说它只要获得能量，就可以带它的信徒去往能量更丰富、更美好的世界。于是它的信徒就给他供应大量血食，也就是献祭。”
另外两个圆圈已经不能确定到底摆放了什么，但肯定与邪神巴勒有关。
“最后一个问题，那个水母是谁安排在那里的？”王叶像是在问雷木，又像是在自问。
雷木回答：“从水母会逃入这里来看，它应该是翱元王国的人准备的，但它并不知道这里会对它造成伤害，而且它的实力也太低微，我想这只有一个解释。”
“那就是那水母应该是一代代繁衍下来，留有一些传承知识，它们会一代代充当那里的房顶，遮掩预言之墙。同时也知道如果遇到危险，就应该逃入这片折叠空间中。”
王叶豁然开朗，到此所有线索全部串联上。
翱元王国的人很可能并不想留下预言之墙，但巴勒的信徒则按照巴勒的指示留下了那面墙，还祭祀巴勒。
翱元王国得知消息，追上来杀死了巴勒的信徒，击毁了预言之墙所在的神庙，导致悬崖断裂，预言之墙沉入海底。
而巴勒雕像被摧毁，一只金色的被打飞，一只银色的落入海底。
巴勒的分意识的记忆甚至都在这场攻击中受到影响，忘记了很多事情。
而翱元王国的人为了不让人们发现预言之墙，就留下了一只水母，让它遮掩那片海域。
但可能出于某种矛盾心理，也可能是得到某个上级指令，他们没有摧毁预言之墙，反而留下它，还留下了一个机关，只要有人能读懂预言之墙的内容或企图摧毁它，就把那人传送到某地。
古拉丁人不知为何找到了预言之墙，也许就是因为他在海中捞到了银色雕像，在银色雕像指引下才找到预言之墙，然后跟随银色雕像学习魔法知识。
古拉丁人最后又不知为何留下了那本魔法笔记和银色雕像，并把它们都留在了预言之墙的祭台上。
也许是那古拉丁人发现银色雕像中的声音并不是神灵，而是邪恶存在？
这点已经没有人能知道。
银色雕像位于海底，可能还在不断蛊惑人类，那些跑到悬崖自杀的人们很可能就是它吸引来的血食——它需要增加自己的力量。
根据王叶调查到的一些姆子岛传说，这座岛屿也曾经出现一些古怪的邪神崇拜，但最后有明智的人发现，邪神被封印。
这个封印很可能就是那座灯塔。
之后又过了千百年，摩罗瓦无意中来到灯塔，掉入深井……
王叶最后看了眼石柱，把那些魔法符号全都记录下来。
他在石碑林中游走，寻找魔法传承。
想要找到虫老，就必须把那根石柱上的魔法符号按照正确的传送阵排列出来。
找到！
老头，等我，我马上就来捞你。
第373章 全民进化开始
单纯学习和记忆魔法符号，对王叶来说并不困难，就跟他学习一门新的外语一样，只要死记硬背，再了解该语言的语法，他就能熟练应用。
可王叶想要搞懂那根石柱上的魔法符纹规则，重新排布一个正确的传送阵出来，那就不容易了。
就像你去别的国家学习一门专业，首先你得学习人家的语言，等把语言和文字熟练贯通后，才有可能去看懂专业书籍、听懂老师的授课。
他现在的情况就像是学华夏古医的人跑到西方国家学习西医，而医术还包括生物、数学等各方面的知识。
王叶想要学习的翱元王国魔法阵也同样如此，一个知识体系中包含着无数其他知识体系。
这也幸亏王叶有他几位师父给他打下的厚实基础，体系不一样，但万变不离其宗。
就算如此，王叶也在这里花了大量时间。
他也曾想过要把神庙里的石碑都带出去——白放在这里也太可惜，哪怕作为历史资料研究也是好东西。
何况以后魔力复苏，这座神庙里可是有完整的魔法修炼传承。
虽然已经有游戏中提供的各种修炼体系，但多一个也不是坏事。
但王叶请靳蜘蛛帮忙检测过这里的石碑后，不得不打消了把石碑带出去的念头。
这座神庙和这些石碑蕴含的辐射量竟然比这一片海水还多。
要不是王叶能隔离空间，加上他万毒不侵——他试验过，他也能扛得住这些辐射。他在神庙里待这么长时间，身体早就烂掉。
如果他把这些石碑带出去，那不是在帮助地球，而是在祸害人类和所有生灵。这些石碑加起来的辐射量比一个五千万吨当量的核弹爆炸的辐射还要多。
也不知道当年翱元王国和自由联盟都搞出了什么可怕的武器，相隔一万两千多年，这辐射还没有消散。
怪不得这两个王国和大陆都彻底消失，有这样的武器，没搞得整个地球都跟着完蛋就算不错。
而王叶本人也没有那么多时间把这么多传承一一记录下来，再传出去。
他光是学习翱元王国的魔法阵知识就已经花了大半年时间。
大半年中王叶也出去了几次，主要是了解世界异变情况。
当知道华夏几乎一半人口都在双月星游戏，全世界各国玩家人数也直线上升后，王叶在游戏中发布了几个世界任务。
王叶现在“财大气粗”，游戏奖励不再只给金币，而是直接给传承！
还是几个传承任选一个。
这对地球玩家的吸引力自不用说。
更何况王叶还公开了虫巢的好处！
他发布的第一个世界任务就是找寻智慧寄生虫族并消灭这一种族，杀死虫母和虫王，凭借尸体或者斩杀记录换取传承。虫巢也能换传承。
但谁会傻到把虫巢交出来？
虫巢=随身空间=可以装生命的随身空间=可以按照自己意思培养成长的随身空间！
消息一出，玩家们都疯狂了。
就算虫巢不能带到现实中又怎样？
现在双月星几乎就是地球玩家的第二世界，他们在这里拥有能量具现化的身体，跟活人没什么区别。既然在异世大陆生活和修炼，又怎么能没有空间储物工具？
更何况还是这么高级的随身空间？
想知道几十亿玩家疯狂起来会是什么样吗？
对于双月星人来说，突然出现这么多蓝星群岛人，整个双月星都受到了莫大冲击。
第四天灾已经开始显出威力。
好在因为某个古怪传闻，进入双月星的地球玩家对双月星的态度并不完全像是在游戏，而是更像在对待同等的生命星球，虽然有些玩家品性很糟糕，做出了一些很不好的事情，但绝大多数的玩家还是有底线的。
但对于智慧寄生虫族来说，蓝星群岛人那就是天灾中的天灾！完全就是它们的克星！
那么多那么多的人！
而且也不知道那些蓝星群岛人脑子是怎么想的，什么犄角旮旯他们都能翻出来，你躲到什么地方都没用，有些蓝星群岛人就喜欢往荒郊野外深山老林里面钻。
最可怕的是这些蓝星群岛人杀死还能复活，且是能不断复活。
而且他们还有一个绝招，就是叫人。
你以为你杀了一个蓝星群岛人，事情就结束了？
大错特错！
他还会来找你，不但他自己跑来找你报仇，他还会带一大堆人来围杀你，口中喊着推boss什么的。
你装死和重伤逃遁都没用，这些蓝星群岛人简直就如附骨之疽，能追踪你到天涯海角海枯石烂。
而且他们还穷凶极恶到搜尸、抢走你所有财产，且每个人都超级凶残，就给你留条底裤，鞋子都给扒走！
如果有智慧寄生虫族在一个蓝星群岛人面前暴露，那么这个寄生虫族不管它寄生了谁，都完蛋了，消息一定会被传出去，最后甚至能牵连到整个一族。
If the intelligent parasite is exposed in front of a Blue Star Islander, then this parasite will be finished no matter who it parasitizes, and the news will definitely be spread, and in the end, it can even implicate the entire clan.
就比如锡雨国，该国一名侯爵之子辛加烈大肆雇佣蓝星群岛人，竟然把该国国王干翻，自己坐上了王位，之后更是屠杀了大量锡雨国贵族。
之后辛加烈国王放出消息，表示被杀死的贵族都已经被智慧寄生虫族寄生。
有人相信，有人不信。
这之后没多久，蓝星群岛人又开始追杀一名叫做扈思懿的女子。
一开始追杀她的蓝星群岛人还不多，后来也不知是谁暴露了消息，说是这名女子带着的幼童就是寄生虫族的虫王，而虫巢是虫王的伴生物。
扈思懿和她的儿子怎么都没想到，他们躲在大城市里老老实实地生活，怎么就会被蓝星群岛人发现？
蓝星群岛人也就不知道他们的心理，如果知道，肯定会呸他们：你们跑到贵族家里应聘仆人的工作，结果女的没多久就从仆人成了新女主人，再没多久，男主人也死了。偏生这个家族的所有族人和奴仆竟然没有一个人感到奇怪，还让一个来历不明的女仆儿子成为了爵位继承人。你这叫做老实生活？
当我们蓝星群岛人都是傻瓜吗？
至于我们为什么会知道？当然是因为我们爱八卦啊~，什么八卦我们都爱听~。
大约又过了大半年，春木上国也出事了。
据说该国一个大公爵家里找回来的私生女自曝她的父亲和兄弟已经被智慧寄生虫寄生和控制。
春木上国国主和其他贵族还没来得及反应，蓝星群岛人先高潮了，纷纷找上门来。
偏偏这还不是谎言。
等到蓝星群岛人围杀这一家子时，那个爆料的私生女章辉则消失得无影无踪，很多人都说她已经被公爵杀死。
王叶听到这个消息时，就觉得那个变态特别能折腾，并猜想章辉应该是和这一家有仇。
章辉从此再无消息，大概是改名换姓，又变回了原本的性别。
王叶相信这个变态无论在哪里都能活得很好。
时间回到现在。
王叶发布的第二个任务，就是让玩家寻找从精灵族地逃走的精灵王和大祭司，以及被带走的那株生命之树。
有效消息奖励金币。
如果能直接抓住任务标的之一，送到无尽森海入口处，则可以得到精灵族的友谊和传承重奖。活的和死的，奖励还不一样。
地球玩家们对精灵族从来都是有好感的，偏偏双月星的精灵族不怎么亲近人类，也不怎么在外行走。
现在有个让玩家们可以接触精灵族，并得到精灵族的友谊，还有奖励可拿，玩家们大多都很积极。
而且一听要找的三个目标的身份，这明显就是史诗级任务，更加上头。
精灵族也在找精灵王三个，甚至委托了不少种族。
但精灵族的人手就算全部加起来又怎么比得上几十亿的地球玩家？
当精灵族发现那么多蓝星群岛人都在帮着他们寻找他们的王和祭司时，都有点傻眼。
王叶为此还给前精灵族大祭司木守打了招呼。
大祭司木守一开始还没当回事，那可是精灵王和现大祭司以及生命之树，不管他们有没有被智慧寄生虫族寄生，他们都不是普通人能找到并带回来的。
但大半年后，整个精灵族都听到了他们的精灵王和祭司被蓝星群岛人追得上天入地痛苦不堪……
精灵族怎么找都找不到的精灵王三个，就这么被无数蓝星群岛人给找到并逼了出来。
王叶发布的第三个世界任务是个任务链，叫做“成神之路的疯狂者”，也被玩家当做史诗级任务。
因为这个任务牵涉到了双月星最著名的四大教派：长生会、屠魔教、拜月教、真神会。
这个任务的开端就是“看看你身边是不是少了某个天才，建议你去附近的某某教派找一找”。
四个教派被地球玩家折磨得死去活来。
他们厉害，他们真的很厉害，但面对明明比他们弱小得多的蓝星群岛人时，为什么节节败退的人却是他们？
四大教派的人真的想不明白。
然后春木上国国主出手了，他用一个女儿拉拢了一个蓝星群岛英雄。
可是伯思圣国主此时还不知道，他的女婿虽然还是上辈子那个女婿，但他的任务栏里多出了三个任务，而且对“成神之路的疯狂者”这个任务最为积极。
因为这位英雄所在的小山村就有孩童失踪，偏偏他还和那个孩童的兄长结下了深厚友谊。
英雄都是讲义气的，说要帮助好兄弟找回弟弟，就一定会帮到底。
娶公主没问题，他也确实喜欢这位公主，但这也不妨碍他做任务啊，而且凭借他的身份，很多事情做起来更容易了呢。
老狐狸伯思圣试图借这个蓝星群岛女婿打入蓝星群岛内部，了解他们能反复重生的秘密。
而这位女婿既然能从零开始打下一个国家，还在几十亿玩家中脱颖而出，那能是蠢人吗？
于是理所当然又顺理成章，这位英雄打入了长生会内部……
王叶在发布这几个世界任务时，猜测应该会起到一定效果，但他显然还是小看了第四天灾的威力。
几十亿玩家，多少聪明人？
偏偏这些人还获得了不死之力，更能简单地召集到大量人手，只要能超过玩家十五级就能下副本快速提高本身实力，宛如一个个速成的超凡者。
有实力，有脑子，人数还多，大家在做任务时还特别团结，就问哪个势力面对这样一批人能不头疼？
而王叶发布的任务就像预言者给出了指引，完完全全就是精准打击！
双月星被地球玩家搞得天翻地覆时，地球自己这边也不安生。
王叶不过在海底待了半年多，就听到世界各处好几处地方出现剧烈的环境变异。
为此，他还给地球守卫者见习战士们发布了两个任务。
一个是让他们监测自家周围的环境，随时警告当地人和当地政府。
另一个就是灭杀所有邪教组织头目，尤其是宣称信奉巴勒神的。如果自己下不了手，就把消息传给自己国家的上层。
华夏最简单，只要把消息交给异能局就可以，还能赚到贡献点。
既然发布任务，王叶肯定也要给出奖励。
奖励就是适合地球异能者的各种药剂，而炼制这些药剂对王叶也不费事。
原材料也可以根据见习战士们提供的消息，用瞬移到变异地点现找现取。
见习战士们对这些奖励喜欢极了，一个个粉认真地做着任务，真把自己当做地球守卫者的后备役看待。
期间葛杰的精神力也终于达到标准，王叶收了一百万后帮他也觉醒了，同时把他也拉入了见习战士队伍。
何家五个人则被异能局吸收，由异能局跟王叶购买觉醒药剂，帮他们进行觉醒。
因为何家五人中有四个都是孩子，如今这四个孩子包括何连莲，还有其他觉醒者，现在都在那座特殊人才培养学校进行暗中培养和学习掌握自己的能力。
而私心很重的王叶把他调查到的一些能量眼所在地点都告诉了方老。
方老能不明白其中意思吗？
早早就安排了好苗子到这些能量眼附近吸收能量，更把国内范围只要王叶点出来的能量眼位置都先给控制起来。
这样做有个绝大好处，就是国家可以用林博士研究出来的仪器来测量这些能量眼泄露出来的能量，就像监测水位一样，一旦达到警戒线，就可以先一步撤离附近民众，并做好能做到的最佳准备。
游戏运行第七年，地球20XX年5月5日，华夏给全国军警人员全都提供了初级进化药剂一事暴露，成为当日全世界最火的新闻。
第374章 血脉测试、石片交易
是啊，没错，我们就是拿出了初级基因进化药剂，还给了全国所有军警人员。
咋滴？
不服？不服也给我憋着。
因为我们接下来还要把基因进化药剂普及到整个华夏，给咱华夏所有人都来一支，还是免费哦~
全世界人民都炸锅了。 People all over the world have fried the pot.
政府，你给我出来！ Government, you come out for me!
华夏都你妈全民发进化药剂了，我们呢？ Huaxia's mother has issued an evolution potion, what about us?
不说全民免费，好歹要有药剂吧？ Not to mention that it is free for all, so there must be medicine, right?
论坛爆炸，新闻爆炸，整个世界都在沸腾。 The forum exploded, the news exploded, and the whole world was boiling.
就在各国政府想着是不是要联合向华夏施压，让他们交出基因进化药剂的配方。
Just when governments around the world were thinking about whether to jointly pressure Huaxia to hand over the formula of the genetic evolution potion.
当天晚上坚果国某小镇、袋鼠国某火山、老鹰国某海港、啤酒国某山区、浪漫国国都……竟然同时出现程度不同的地震。
That night, a small town in the nut country, a volcano in the kangaroo country, a seaport in the eagle country, a mountainous area in the beer country, and a romantic country in the capital...... Earthquakes of different magnitudes occurred at the same time.
好在地震最强的不过六级，并没有造成大的危害，但地震过后，这些地点的环境陡然异变。
Fortunately, the strongest earthquake was only 6 magnitude, which did not cause major harm, but after the earthquake, the environment of these locations changed abruptly.
异变早就开始，也出现过很多稀奇古怪的事情，但要么给压下来，要么就是无人在意。
The mutation started a long time ago, and there were many strange things, but either they were suppressed or no one cared.
但现在任何消息都瞒不住了，无数人拿着手机，把他们拍到的各种诡异场景放到了网上。
But now no news can be hidden, and countless people are holding their mobile phones and putting all kinds of weird scenes they have filmed on the Internet.
一夜暴涨的植物，冲入超市觅食的巨大鸟群，参天大树在市中心拔天而起，宛如哥斯拉的怪兽从湖泊中走出……
Plants that skyrocketed overnight, huge flocks of birds that rushed into supermarkets to feed, towering trees rising up in the center of the city, like Godzilla's monsters coming out of a lake......
还有异能者！ And the Adepts!
这些地点因为能量眼爆发，靠能量眼最近的一群人，只要是资质顶尖的，就极有可能被能量冲击得自然觉醒异能。
Because of the explosion of the energy eye in these locations, the group of people closest to the energy eye, as long as they are the most qualified, are very likely to be affected by the energy and naturally awaken the ability.
虽然只是少数，但这可是异能者！ It's only a few, but it's a miracle!
有人能让植物变得更大，有人说话就是攻击，有人没有翅膀也能飞到天空，有人浑身坚如磐石……
Someone can make a plant bigger, someone can attack when they speak, someone can fly into the sky without wings, someone is as solid as a rock......
次日，华夏对全民宣布，异能局和异能学校都早已成立，欢迎所有觉醒的异能者主动到异能局注册。
The next day, Huaxia announced to the people that the Abnormal Ability Bureau and the Abnormal Ability School had already been established, and all awakened Abnormal Ability Persons were welcome to take the initiative to register with the Abnormal Ability Bureau.
亲，异能者注册是公民义务，不主动注册的人使用异能会被视为非法使用武器哟，主动注册的可以享受各种福利哟，还能领取一个如何正确使用异能而不犯法的小册子，更可以领取大量任务获得别人没有的奖励以及公民贡献值。
Dear,The registration of the ability is a civic obligation.,People who don't actively register will be regarded as illegal use of weapons.,Those who take the initiative to register can enjoy a variety of benefits.,You can also receive a booklet on how to use the ability correctly without breaking the law.,You can also receive a large number of tasks to get rewards and civic contribution points that others don't have.。
另外，咱们国家除了基因进化药剂，异能觉醒药剂也有现成的，所以完全不用担心你会被研究什么的，咱们军警队伍以及异能局异能者多的是哦。
In addition, in addition to genetic evolution potions in our country, there are also ready-made abilities awakening potions, so there is no need to worry about you being studied or anything, and there are many people in our military and police teams and the Ability Bureau.
再另外，咱们国家不支持也不建议组建非官方的私人异能者队伍，在组织机构集团公司中正常上班的除外。如发现超过五人以上的异能者聚集，并对社会产生危害，您会知道什么叫天外有天人外有人，会被揍得很惨哦~。
In addition, our country does not support or recommend the formation of an unofficial team of private supernatural people, except for those who work normally in the organization group company. If you find that more than five people gather and cause harm to society, you will know what it means that there are people outside the sky, and they will be beaten very badly~.
这就是异能局官方在游戏论坛和官博发布的内容，那又是哟又是哦的，让人好想打死发布者。
This is the content released by the Bureau of Abilities on the game forum and official blog.,That's yo and oh.,It makes people want to kill the publisher.。
但不可否认的是，就是这种轻松的口吻，反而让民众接受得特别容易。
But it is undeniable that it is this relaxed tone that makes it particularly easy for the people to accept.
哇，真的有异能者！ Wow, there really are strangers!
所以呢？ So?
哦，据说我们也能领到基因进化药剂，还是免费的。 Oh, and it is said that we can also get the Genetic Evolution Elixir, and it's free.
我们的基因进化战士昨晚在电视上展示他们的战斗力，大家看到了吗？
Did you see our genetic evolution fighters showing off their combat prowess on TV last night?
就问这样的基因进化战士再配上先进的武器，普通异能者要怎么和他们抗衡？
Just ask such a genetic evolution warrior with advanced weapons, how can ordinary abilities compete with them?
而且这还不是特别选出来的最优秀战士，就是最普通的士兵。
And this is not the best fighters specially selected, but the most ordinary soldiers.
而这样的士兵和警员在华夏的数量…… And the number of such soldiers and police officers in China ......
所以异能者你觉醒了异能也别兴，真没什么大不了的。 So if you awaken the ability, don't be happy, it's not a big deal.
敢作怪，国家爸爸马上就把你按地上摩擦信不信。 If you dare to be weird, the father of the country will immediately press you to the ground and rub it believe it or not.
别的国家的人信不信不知道，反正华夏人都很信。 People in other countries don't know if they believe it or not, but Chinese people believe it anyway.
因为只要家门口和城市中有军区驻扎的人都亲眼看到和拍到这些普通士兵都是如何从他们面前飞一般地狂奔而过，又是如何飞檐走壁、一拳打穿钢板，这还只是日常普通训练。
Because as long as the people stationed in the military region at the door of their homes and in the city can see and photograph with their own eyes how these ordinary soldiers are flying in front of them, and how they fly over the wall and punch through the steel plate, this is just ordinary daily training.
家门口没有军区的也不用担心，可以看到小区民警在马路上锻炼和巡逻。
If you don't have a military district at your doorstep, you don't have to worry, you can see the community police exercising and patrolling on the road.
交警同志一个飞步就追上了违规的车辆，单手一拉就把人车门拉坏了。
The traffic police comrade caught up with the illegal vehicle in one flying step, and broke the door of the car with one hand.
车主吓懵了。 The owner of the car was stunned.
交警同志一个劲道歉，表示自己刚注射基因进化药剂不久，又不巧地觉醒了力气类的异能，还没有完全习惯他现在的身手。
The traffic police comrade apologized vigorously, saying that he had just been injected with the genetic evolution drug, and unfortunately awakened the strength ability, and he was not completely accustomed to his current skills.
地铁中，猥亵女孩的猥琐男被一名便衣警察一拳轰出了打开的车厢门。
In the subway, a lewd man who molested a girl was punched out of the open car door by a plainclothes policeman.
绑架犯刚给家属发出联系，不到半个小时他们就被包围了，如何暴露的半点不知。他们拿着枪想反抗，却发现围住他们的警察个个都成了神枪手，隔着老远就能把他们挨个都点了。
As soon as the kidnappers sent out a contact to the family, they were surrounded in less than half an hour, and they did not know how to expose them. They tried to resist with guns, but found that the policemen surrounding them had all become sharpshooters, and they could be ordered one by one from afar.
华夏各个能量眼处，有的能量泄露比较多比较快的地方，有好多战士正在和被抓来的一群异兽异植异虫等热心诚恳交流。
In the various energy eyes of Huaxia, some of the places where the energy leaks more and faster, there are many warriors who are communicating with a group of alien beasts, alien plants, and insects that have been captured.
一名战士对着笼子中的老虎诚恳道：“兄弟，你觉得我怎么样？我今年二十二，风华正茂、英俊潇洒，为人负责，还做得一手好饭菜。如果你答应做我的战斗伙伴，以后你的伙食我全包了！”
One of the fighters said earnestly to the tiger in the cage: "Brother, what do you think of me?" I am twenty-two years old, handsome and chic, responsible, and cook good food. If you agree to be my combat partner, I'll cover all your food in the future! ”
某变异虎：“吼！”离我远点，该死的人类。 A mutant tiger: "Roar! "Stay away from me, damn human.
一名战士戴着纱帽，正拿着他从超市买来的蜜蜂喂食一只大蜜蜂，口中还甜甜蜜蜜地说：“我们不是有意把你抓来哈，我们只是不想你们吓到普通民众，在这之前，我们先交流交流，只要你答应成为我或者其他人的战斗伙伴，你不但能获得自由，还能获得公民权哟。”
A soldier wearing a gauze hat was feeding a big bee with a bee he bought from the supermarket, and said sweetly: "We didn't mean to arrest you, we just don't want you to scare the ordinary people, before that, let's communicate, as long as you agree to be my or someone else's combat partner, you can not only get freedom, but also get citizenship." ”
那蜜蜂：呸！难吃！一点能量都没有，还都是糖水，没有半点蜜！你这人不诚，不要！
The Bee: Phew! Bad! There is no energy at all, it is all sugar water, and there is no honey! You are not sincere, don't!
另一边，一名战士正在对着笼子中的变异熊吹口琴。 On the other side, a warrior is playing a harmonica to a mutant bear in a cage.
变异熊用力拍打笼子：妈的难听死了！敢用蜂蜜烤肉欺骗老子，让老子出去！老子要咬死你们这些狡诈该死的人类！
The mutant bear slapped the cage hard: damn ugly! Dare to deceive Lao Tzu with honey barbecue and let Lao Tzu out! I'm going to bite you cunning and damn humans to death!
不远处，一名战士和一只军犬特别和谐。 Not far away, a warrior and a military dog were particularly harmonious.
该战士抚摸着军犬的背脊，呵呵笑：“咱们不理那群白痴，猛兽又怎么了？他们根本就不懂得你的好。”
The soldier stroked the back of the military dog and laughed: "Let's ignore those idiots, what's wrong with the beast?" They don't understand your goodness at all. ”
“汪！”没错，俺是最强的，你跟我混就可以了。 "Wang!" That's right, I'm the strongest, you can mix with me.
一个中年大校正在和一只巨大的鹦鹉交谈。 A middle-aged colonel is talking to a giant parrot.
“我不适合你，我是文职，真的，你去找更年轻的吧。我就不在这批兽战士名单中。”中年大校十分为鹦鹉着想地道。
“玉米粒。给我玉米粒苹果粒肉粒，我们结合！”
“不不不，我们不结合，我的身体体质没有这些年轻战士好，也不用经常出去战斗，你去找他们吧。”
“你这个蠢货！你勾搭本王一路，现在想不负责？啄死你！”
中年文职大校给鹦鹉追杀得满头包，最后只好答应让它成为自己的战斗伙伴。
特殊人才培养学校，现在被绝大多数人称为异能学校的校园里，数千人正在军训，他们不是军人也不是警员，就是普通人。
他们年龄层不同，也都注射了进化药剂，还觉醒了异能。
但他们还是得老老实实地在学校里学习，早上一小时晨练，早饭后就是文化课，中午吃饭休息，下午继续军训，晚饭后训练异能，睡觉上游戏，跟着一起做世界任务。
一天时间安排得满满。
就在全世界都乱象纷呈的时候，世界各国看华夏好像早有准备的样子，特别气。
你们竟然偷跑？
华夏表示：这锅我们不背，早就通知你们地球能量有异，让你们注意了。
有些和华夏不对付的国家自家的屁股还没擦干净，就想给华夏找点事，不但拉帮结派和华夏“商谈”，让华夏交出基因进化药剂，更派人在华夏的网络中散布各种挑拨言论，想要挑起普通人和异能者的对立，也想让异能者恐惧和仇恨国家，还想把异能者塑造为新人类，拉开和普通人的差距。
结果……
华夏特别平静，该干嘛干嘛。
这些挑拨言论？
哦，国家爸爸说了，好好玩游戏，努力提高精神力，掌握修炼方法，说不定哪天自己就觉醒异能了。
就算不能觉醒异能，也有初级基因进化药剂，注射后，他她就是小超人了。
且不管是异能者还是基因进化者，好像和以前也没有太大差别。
反而社会犯罪率还下降了一点，就连夫妻打架都少了。
因为这个基因进化药剂对弱者似乎更有用处，进化程度更大。
你打我一巴掌，我一拳也能把你揍个跟头。
要是不小心打到个异能者，对方一生气，搞不清楚就能把你电个半死、或者烧成烤猪之类。
而且因为彼此的武力值都增加了，一旦打架，对周围的祸害也会增大，这就代表……赔偿多啊！
偏偏军警人员又都很厉害，部分军队被分散到各地增加警备力量，闯了祸跑都跑不掉。
王叶觉得游戏系统真的挺厉害的，他在折叠空间里都能收到邮件。
方老联系他，说华夏有两处能量眼的能量监测都达到了警戒线位置，官方已经开始安排当地人撤离，而随着这两个地方泄露出的能量增多，植物开始异变，似乎出现了一些很特殊的药物效果。
方老问他对这些药材有没有兴趣，说异能局行动队的人采集了不少回来，凭贡献值就可以购买。
另外林博士结合游戏中的魔法……她以前就没有玩过极度危险，但这一年来，除了必要试验，她几乎都待在了游戏世界。
林博士研究出了新的能量武器，普通异能者不能购买，但王叶贡献值超高，信任等级也高，这种武器他也有资格购买。
方老十分推崇这些新能量武器，让王叶用贡献值多买几把。
王叶也有些心动。虽然双月星的魔弹枪也很不错，但地球的科技也不可小看，能让方老都心水并主动推荐的能量武器，肯定有其特殊之处。
王叶抚摸石柱上的魔法符纹，他已经知道要如何正确移动这些符纹。
但还不够！
这根该死的石柱不止有定位功能，它还有一个重要功能，就是检测血脉。
翱元王国的人可能考虑到会有人使用这个传送阵前往他们的撤离点，但他们希望来的是他们自己的族人，而不是敌人。
为此就给这个传送阵增加了一个血脉认证功能。
换言之，不是翱元族人，就算正确拼出传送阵，也无法发动这个传送阵。
王叶已经滴血尝试过，石柱拒绝承认他是翱元族人。
“老头为什么没有回来？”王叶焦躁地道。
雷木不知第几次地回答他：“也许距离太远，他无法直接传送回虫巢，但他应该不会碰到危险。”
“以老头的能力，如果他想找回来，怎么可能快一年了都还没有办法回来？”
“我们不知道对面到底怎么样，说不定翱元王国已经失去他们的传承，而且虫老不懂魔法阵。你看你有魔法阵基础，学习翱元魔法阵也花了这么长时间，虫老学习起来会更麻烦。就算虫老找到懂得魔法阵的人，也有可能因为能量不足或者其他原因，导致魔法阵无法启动。可能性太多了。”
“可我明明已经拼出正确的传送阵，却没办法传送！”王叶又气又郁闷。
“还有一个方法，找找看世界上有没有翱元王国的后代。你可以请老靳帮忙炼制一个测试血脉的魔器，然后混在测试精神力的魔器中，让大家都来测试精神力。”
“好主意！”虽然麻烦，但他也没有其他更好方法了。
如果再给他一些时间，他说不定能破解这个石柱要求的血脉检测，但都是花时间，还不如两手准备一起进行。
靳蜘蛛和虫巢中的小家伙们这近一年也没有浪费时间，虫巢中能量极为丰富，足够他们在里面学习和修炼之用。
靳蜘蛛也对翱元王国的炼金术产生兴趣，找到相关传承石碑，也学了不少翱元王国的技术。
这些技术不是说更好，而是不同路子可以给予新的启发。
靳蜘蛛自觉自己学习了地球现代和翱元王国的古炼金术知识后，炼金术要比以前提高了不少。
他甚至有种自己隐约触摸到十一级边缘的异常感觉。
王叶离开了这片还残留强辐射的折叠空间，来到了姆子岛上。
要找翱元王国的血脉，那就从这个大陆的原址开始寻找吧。
但问题来了，他一个看起来还没成年的少年，要怎么样让别人心甘情愿来测试？
王叶回到异能局，找到方老。
“两件事要麻烦您老。第一件事，这是新的精神力检测仪，但不是给我们华夏人使用，而是希望您派人分散到原姆大陆所在海域的群岛上，给这片海域的岛民做检测。”
“理由您可以随便想。如果发现好苗子，异能局可以吸收，也不是坏事。或者跟当地政府做利益交换，帮他们找寻精神力强大者。这个新精神力检测仪只是多了一个检测翱元王国血脉的功能。”
“第二件事，我在寻找这种石片，可以高价收购。一枚一百万华夏币，也可换成贡献值，或者药剂都可以。有多少这种石片我收多少。”
方老接过石片，眯眼：“这石片有什么用？”
王叶早就聊到方老会询问这个问题，他也没有隐瞒：“我找到一个传承，但这个传承比较麻烦，先要通过它的考验，通过考验后，你想学习它的传承，还得去它的道场。我家里人多，想要多带一些人过去，可除了我自己以外，其他人想要跟我过去就必须要有这种石片，算是准入证。”
“也就是说，其他人就算得到这枚石片，如果没有你允许和带领，也无法进入你说的那个道场？”方老一下就抓住了关键。
王叶对方老竖起拇指：“没错。”
“道场？是我们华夏的传承？”
“很可能是。而且很可能是比翱元王国更古老的传承，在他们眼中似乎没有地域和国家之分，对他们来说整个地球都是他们的地盘。他们的考验入口一共有十二个，分散在全球各处，我只找到一个，其他的没时间去找。”王叶已经跟方老说过翱元王国的事。
方老倒吸一口气，站起，走来走去。
王叶看老头这样，翘起腿：“你想安排人去寻找其他十一个考验入口？”
方老站定，转身：“这个石片是不是只能让你携带一人？”
“对。”
“那么是不是只要有石片，不管是谁，你都能带进去？”
“没错。”
方老当即决定：“那十一个考验入口，我们会派人寻找，不过不会是重点，能找到最好，找不到也无所谓。这种石片，我们竭尽全力寻找，我们只有一个要求。”
王叶已经猜到，道：“我只需要十枚。”
方老笑起来：“希望能找到更多吧，到时候……”
“能带，我会都带上。”王叶许下诺言。
方老重重拍拍王叶的肩膀：“走吧，带你去挑好东西，你那么多贡献值也不能就那么浪费了。”
“有什么好东西？”王叶也很感兴趣，跳起来道：“局座，那个血脉检测的事，还请尽快。”
“别乱喊！”方老气得打了少年后脑勺一巴掌。
王叶摸摸后脑勺，更想他几个师父了。
方老拉着少年一边走，一边笑骂：“你啊，年纪不大，却喜欢揽事，虽然不知道你要干什么，不过最多一周，肯定会给你消息。”
方老十分有把握，现在找关系巴结华夏的国家不少。
王叶划出的那个范围，没什么特别豪强的国家，如果华夏提出帮他们的民众免费检测精神力，条件也开得合理一些，相信那些国家和地方政府会十分乐意。
就算有不好说话的，还能走民间渠道。
现在谁不想成为异能者？
能免费检测精神力，说是给华夏异能学校招生，相信不通过官方，各国民众也会蜂拥而至。
王叶跟随方老进了异能局库房。
这可不是随便人都能来的库房。
说这里是库房，不如说更像是一个带大仓库和带研究室的自然保护公园。
王叶在这里见到了不少异植，也看到了许多研究者。
他还看到了林博士。
林博士看到王叶就高兴，追着问他一些新能源的问题，自从上次王叶无意中回答了她两个问题，解决了她一个难题，她就觉得这个少年不但聪明还非常有想法，是非常好的研究型人才，很想收他为学生。
但王叶说他想要学医，对量子学不感兴趣，拒绝了林博士的好意。
林博士被拒绝并没有放弃希望，她觉得王叶完全可以双担，一边学习医学，一边学习量子学，也挺好啊。
王叶不知道林博士的“野心”，他还挺尊重这位女士。
这位性格不说，那大脑绝对是杠杠的。
靳蜘蛛都说这位林博士的脑力远超很多人，尤其在她开始玩游戏、提升精神力，并注射了基因进化药剂以后。
林博士把自己最新研究出来的能量武器，以她的最大权限，低价交易给了王叶。
当然，那也是王叶有那个购买资格，否则林博士再喜欢王叶，也不可能把这些能量武器卖给他。
Of course, that is also Wang Ye's purchase qualification, otherwise no matter how much Dr. Lin likes Wang Ye, it is impossible to sell these energy weapons to him.
王叶感受到林博士的好意，而且林博士半卖半送给他的几个能量武器和能量工具确实很好用，他投桃报李地送了一瓶精神力提升药剂给林博士。
Wang Ye felt Dr. Lin's kindness, and the few energy weapons and energy tools that Dr. Lin half-sold and half-gave him were indeed very useful, so he reciprocated by sending a bottle of spiritual power enhancement potion to Dr. Lin.
林博士也知道王叶送出来的都是好东西，没看老方那个老家伙看得直眼馋吗？
Dr. Lin also knew that what Wang Ye sent out was all good things, didn't he see that old guy in Lao Fang was greedy?
从异能局总局出来，王叶就瞬移回了钟山市，他已经有两个月没看到姑姑。
After coming out of the General Bureau of the Ability Bureau, Wang Ye teleported back to Zhongshan City, and he hadn't seen his aunt for two months.
不过他经常和他姑发邮件，对他姑的近况也比较了解，知道她过得很好。
However, he often sends emails with his aunt, and he knows more about his aunt's recent situation, and knows that she is doing well.
王沐现在仍旧住在王叶买的那两套房中，但她正式加入了异能局的后勤部门，专门为异能局提供一些高品质的蔬果和培植液。
异能局还在钟山市开设了一个分局，本身钟山市就是一线大城市，而且恰好在南北交界处，在这里开分局也是必要。
The Ability Bureau also opened a sub-bureau in Zhongshan City, which itself is a first-tier city, and it happens to be at the junction of the north and south, so it is also necessary to open a sub-bureau here.
只不过因为王叶和王沐，异能局选址时就选了这个小区的门面房，还买下了小区一栋楼作为员工宿舍。
最后异能局干脆接手了这个小区的物业和安保服务。 In the end, the Bureau of Abilities simply took over the property and security services of the community.
王沐住在这个小区，跟住在异能局后院几乎没有任何区别。
这个小区在日后也变得非常有名，不过现在她看起来还是和正常小区一样。
就是小区外围三间打通的占地非常大的两层门面房挂上了异能局钟山市分局的招牌……
第375章 姑姑要结婚啦 Chapter 375: My aunt is getting married
王叶到家的时候，他姑正在给蔬菜浇水，旁边还有一个男的在拌营养土。
When Wang Ye arrived home, his aunt was watering vegetables, and there was a man next to him mixing nutrient soil.
王沐没想到侄子会突然回来，听到声音，惊讶地转过头，脸上立即浮起喜悦的笑容：“叶子，你回来了？吃饭了吗？”
Wang Mu didn't expect his nephew to come back suddenly, and when he heard the voice, he turned his head in surprise, and a happy smile immediately appeared on his face: "Yezi, are you back?" Have you eaten? ”
只邮件联系哪里够，儿行千里母担忧，王沐没见到侄子的人就有担不完的心。
Where is it enough to contact only by email, the mother of the child is worried, and Wang Mu has an unfinished heart when he doesn't see his nephew.
“正饿着，就等姑你投喂我了。”王叶摸着肚子，一副饿坏了的模样。
"I'm hungry, just waiting for you to feed me." Wang Ye touched his stomach, looking hungry.
王沐立刻道：“你去歇着，我把这点浇完，马上就去做饭，正好早上在菜市场买了牛肉，我等会儿给你做西红柿牛腩。”
Wang Mu immediately said: "You go and rest, I'll finish pouring this, and I'll go cook immediately, I just bought beef in the vegetable market in the morning, and I'll make you tomato brisket later." ”
“我最爱吃姑姑做的牛腩了。”王叶笑嘻嘻地答应，目光自然落在那男的身上。
"I love my aunt's brisket." Wang Ye agreed with a smile, and his eyes naturally fell on the man.
祝队长宛如待在自己家里一样，手里用小铲子搅和着泥巴，侧身对王叶笑了笑：“回来啦。我们见过，再自我介绍一下，我姓祝，全名祝福军。这名字不错吧，是不是特别喜庆？”
Captain Zhu felt like he was staying at home, stirring the mud with a small shovel in his hand, and smiled sideways at Wang Ye: "I'm back." We've met, and then I'll introduce myself, my surname is Zhu, and my full name is Zhujun. That's a good name, isn't it? ”
王叶嘴角翘了翘，这个祝队长有点意思。 The corners of Wang Ye's mouth curled, this wish captain is a little interesting.
王沐这时才想到要给两人互相介绍：“原来你们见过？那就好。”
Only then did Wang Mu think of introducing the two to each other: "So you have met?" That's good. ”
王沐有点不好意思，干脆把浇水的活儿也交给祝队长：“我去给叶子做饭，你记得把剩下的也给浇透了。”
Wang Mu was a little embarrassed, so he simply handed over the watering work to Captain Zhu: "I'll go cook for the leaves, you remember to water the rest thoroughly." ”
“知道了，你去忙吧，这里我来。”祝队长知道王沐有话要跟侄子说，对王叶挤了挤眼睛。
"Got it, you go get busy, I'll come here." Captain Zhu knew that Wang Mu had something to say to his nephew, so he squeezed his eyes at Wang Ye.
王叶：“……”兵痞味有点过重，这人真可靠吗？ Wang Ye: "......" soldier ruffian smell is a bit too strong, is this person really reliable?
祝队长还不知道就是因为他特意展现出来的亲近，反而让人家侄子对他的评价大大降低。
Captain Zhu didn't know that it was because of the closeness he deliberately showed, which made his nephew's evaluation of him greatly reduced.
王沐在水池边洗干净手，撩起围裙擦了擦。 Wang Mu washed his hands by the pool, picked up his apron and wiped it.
王叶发现他姑气色很不错，看起来不像是四十出头的中年妇女，更像是二十后半。
Wang Ye found that his aunt looked very good, and she didn't look like a middle-aged woman in her early forties, but more like a middle-aged woman in her early twenties.
就是打扮稍微有点老气，穿着一身透气但稍微宽大的棉麻衣裤也就算了，偏偏还系了个套头围裙，头发也只是简单盘了个揪揪，脸上没施半点脂粉。
It's just that the dress is a little old-fashioned, wearing a breathable but slightly wide cotton and linen pants, but he also tied a pullover apron, and his hair was simply coiled, and he didn't apply any fat powder on his face.
如果不是他姑底子好，这副打扮能让她老十岁。 If it weren't for his aunt's good background, this dress would make her ten years older.
王沐快步走进厨房，看侄子也跟进来后，还特意把厨房门拉上。
Wang Mu walked into the kitchen quickly, and after seeing that his nephew also followed, he deliberately closed the kitchen door.
王叶怪笑。 Wang Ye smiled strangely.
王沐轻轻拍了侄子脑袋一下，“笑什么笑？你姑就不能谈个男朋友了？”
Wang Mu patted his nephew's head lightly, "What are you laughing at?" Can't your aunt talk about a boyfriend? ”
“嚯嚯嚯~，姑，不错嘛，拐了个小鲜肉。”王叶非常高兴他姑能这么自然地说出她交了个男朋友这样的话。
"Ho ho ho~, aunt, it's good, I kidnapped a little fresh meat." Wang Ye was very happy that his aunt could say so naturally that she had a boyfriend.
上辈子，他姑从精神病院出来后一直不喜欢跟人接触，平常能不出门就不出门，更别说发展第二春。
In his previous life, his aunt had never liked to come into contact with people since she came out of the psychiatric hospital, and she usually didn't go out if she couldn't go out, let alone develop a second spring.
而且他姑自尊心特别强，哪怕他给了她足够富裕的生活费，她也非要自己养活自己，每个月都从网上接一些力所能及的手工活做。
And his aunt has a very strong self-esteem, even if he gives her enough rich living expenses, she has to support herself, and every month she receives some manual work from the Internet.
他有心让他姑再找一个人，哪怕只是谈谈恋爱放松放松也好，但他姑对此深深排斥，说自己能养活自己，没必要找个男人侍候对方。
He had the heart to ask his aunt to find another person, even if it was just to talk about love and relax, but his aunt was deeply disgusted by this, saying that he could support himself, and there was no need to find a man to wait for the other party.
他想说两人过日子并不是谁侍候谁，有时候更重要的是精神上的依赖，但他姑完全听不进去。
He wanted to say that the two of them were not waiting for whom, and sometimes it was more important to rely on them spiritually, but he couldn't listen to it at all.
他也不想刺激他姑，他姑不找人也无所谓，反正他能给她养老，他只是怕他姑寂寞。
He didn't want to stimulate his aunt, it didn't matter if his aunt didn't find someone, anyway, he could provide for her for the elderly, he was just afraid that his aunt would be lonely.
只是没想到他上辈子会死那么早，他在临死前最担心的就是他姑老后的生活，哪怕他把遗产都留给了他姑。
It's just that he didn't expect him to die so early in his last life, and what he was most worried about before he died was his aunt's life, even if he left the inheritance to his aunt.
这辈子他姑没有再因为他被关进精神病院，又解决了老王这个心病，也不需要特别操心他，精神状态良好，每天生活都异常积极，把自己的小日子过得特别好，如今还找到了一个显然很和她心意的男朋友，王叶真的特别高兴。
In this life, his aunt has not been imprisoned in a mental hospital because of him, and has solved Lao Wang's heart disease, and there is no need to worry about him, he is in a good mental state, he is extremely positive every day, and he has lived a very good life, and now he has found a boyfriend who is obviously very kind to her, Wang Ye is really happy.
但也因此，他更加担心。他怕那个兵痞队长伤害他姑。
王叶想，也许他应该去警告那祝队长一二，如果对方敢对他姑不好，他就干掉他，绝不是口头威胁那种。
王沐突然伸手揉了揉侄子的脑袋：“瞧你这表情，发什么狠呢？别乱想。”
王叶抬起头，无辜脸：“姑，我没乱想什么。”
“我还不了解你？”王沐给了侄子一个白眼，打开冰箱给侄子倒果汁：“鲜榨的西瓜汁，尝尝。”
王叶刚喝了一口，才夸奖这西瓜汁榨得好。
就听他姑说：“是老祝榨的。他这人入得了厨房，进得了厅堂，更能打流氓。”
王叶闷闷地喝着冰凉甘甜的西瓜汁，看他姑。
王沐被侄子的怪模怪样逗笑：“行了。他是我在游戏中认识的，我当时还以为他是游戏中的土著，没想到他也是玩家。后来他离开了那个军事要塞，我也离开了，我以为之后不可能再碰到他，当时还觉得挺可惜，没想到会在现实中再见到这个人。”
王沐掠了掠头发，笑：“还是他先把我认出来的。”
“我们来往大约有一年了，一开始他和他的队员就住在我们家楼下，是租的房子。因为他们，我这边几乎没有遇到任何麻烦。”
王叶揉揉鼻子：“姑，是我的错，没给你安排好。”
王沐笑骂：“怎么是你的错了？你已经安排得足够好了。我只要不离开家，谁都无法伤害我，而且你那几位师父送给我的礼物……”
王沐竖起大拇指。
王叶下意识看向王沐戴在身上的配饰，他师父们送给他姑的魔法首饰，他姑都戴着。只手腕上的手链，那里明显少了一个小卷轴。
“你用了？遇到了什么事？有人欺负你了吗？”王叶皱眉，眼中流露出抑制不住的杀气。
自从几位师父接二连三的失踪，王叶就有点控制不住自己的情绪。
如果不是有雷木的精神力经常安抚他，王叶都不知道自己会干出什么事。
王沐忙摆手：“没，就有一次疗养院打来电话，说老王出了点事，让我赶紧过去看看。我以为他不行了，就过去了。”
“姑，我不是跟你说了，他的事你不要管吗？也跟你说了，让你无论如何都不要离开家。”王叶气。
王沐：“我就是过去看看，而且打来的电话号码确实是那个疗养院的电话，打电话给我的人还是那边的负责护士，我一时也没多想。”
王叶自责：“我当时应该跟你说得更清楚一点，老王当时是被人掳走，想用来威胁我。”
王沐反过来安慰侄子：“不关你的事。这世上如果什么事都能提防得住，也没有骗子和被骗的人了。吃得多不爱动的人都知道这样会长胖，可知道他们就不吃爱动了吗？天上掉馅饼八成没好事，可多少人还不是被网贷给套牢？”
王叶喷笑：“姑，你这是在给自己‘不听话’找借口吗？”
“滚！”王沐瞪侄子：“我也不可能一直不出门，再说你也给我做了不少防护，而且咱钟山市治安一向很好，我哪能知道真的有人能那么夸张，竟然控制了那家疗养院、控制了那里的工作人员，还派出十几个人来抓我一个，还都是东方脸的职业佣兵。”
王沐说着就有些羞涩：“我当时真的被吓懵了，我看到对方向我开枪，那麻醉针打到我脖子上，但没能打进去就掉下来了。对方估计也愣住了，又朝我开枪。”
Wang Mu was a little shy as he spoke: "I was really frightened, I saw the other party shooting at me, and the anesthetic needle hit me in the neck, but it fell off before it could get in." The other party was probably stunned and shot at me again. ”
“我想起来你在我身上做的手脚，你还对我说你在我身上刺的魔法阵可以挡子弹、还能自动吸收能量滋养我的身体，我以前还以为你开玩笑。”
"I remembered what you did to me, and you told me that the magic array you pierced on my body could block bullets and automatically absorb energy to nourish my body, I used to think you were joking."
王沐感叹：“直到我看到对方打在我身上的麻醉针都掉下来，我才知道你没有开玩笑，说的竟然都是真的。”
Wang Mu sighed: "It wasn't until I saw that the anesthetic needles that the other party hit me fell off, and I knew that you weren't joking, and what you said turned out to be true." ”
“被对方打了两枪，我终于反应过来，嗐，我明明在游戏中也战斗过不少次，但当时大脑还是一片空白，下意识就揪了一个小卷轴扔了过去。”
王沐忽然握紧拳头，眼中冒出光彩：“你知道吗，那卷轴在半空突然就发出亮光，那亮光把整个疗养院都笼罩了起来。然后那家疗养院的人，除了我，全都昏了。”
Wang Mu suddenly clenched his fists, and a gleam appeared in his eyes: "Do you know, that scroll suddenly emitted a bright light in mid-air, and that bright light enveloped the entire nursing home. And then the people in that nursing home, except me, all fainted. ”
“你通知了那个祝队长？”王叶猜测后续。 "You informed Captain Zhu?" Wang Ye guessed the follow-up.
王沐又有点羞涩地笑道：“其实他们就跟在我身后，那些佣兵向我动手的时候，他们已经准备营救我。可他们刚突破进来，正准备一一干掉那些佣兵，我就用了卷轴，所以……”
Wang Mu smiled a little shyly again: "Actually, they are following me, and when those mercenaries made a move on me, they were already preparing to rescue me." But as soon as they broke through and were about to kill those mercenaries one by one, I used the scroll, so I ......"
“他们也昏了？” "They're fainting too?"
“对。”王沐掩嘴笑。 "Yes." Wang Mu covered his mouth and smiled.
王叶轻哼：“没用。” Wang Ye snorted lightly: "It's useless." ”
“别胡说！”王沐拍侄子：“我看人都晕了，原本打算报警，后来看到祝队长他们也在，就给他们泼了凉水，他们醒来，就接手了接下来的事，让我什么都不用管。后来的事我不知道，但新闻没有任何报道，网络上也没看到相关消息。”
"Don't talk nonsense!" Wang Mu patted his nephew: "I saw that everyone was dizzy, and I originally planned to call the police, but later I saw that Captain Zhu was also there, so I poured cold water on them, and when they woke up, they took over the next thing, so I didn't have to worry about anything." I don't know what happened next, but there was no news coverage on the news, and I didn't see any news about it on the Internet. ”
“后来，老祝说不放心我，就和我交换了电话号码，让我出门一定要跟他打个招呼，如果他有时间就他陪我出门，如果他们队没时间，就另外有人保护我。”
"Later, Lao Zhu said that he was not worried about me, so he exchanged phone numbers with me, and asked me to say hello to him when I went out, if he had time, he would accompany me out, and if they didn't have time, someone else would protect me."
王沐回忆起那段来往，眼神有点温柔：“我不想麻烦他们，老祝看出来了，他说我身体素质不错，问我想不想学一些防身术。我跟他说我跟你学过一些，就是没什么实战经验，光知道理论，真遇到事没办法及时反应。”
Wang Mu recalled that time of contact, his eyes were a little gentle: "I don't want to trouble them, Lao Zhu saw it, he said that my physical fitness is good, and asked me if I wanted to learn some self-defense techniques." I told him that I had learned some from you, but I didn't have much practical experience, and I only knew the theory, but I couldn't react in time when I really encountered something. ”
王叶一边暗自觉得这个祝队长十分狡猾，竟然想出教他姑实战来接近他姑——实战不就要贴身？
Wang Ye secretly felt that this Captain Zhu was very cunning, and he actually wanted to teach his aunt to fight to get close to his aunt - shouldn't he be close to him in actual combat?
一边又觉得这是自己的疏漏，他光是给他姑准备了一堆保护措施，也教导和督促他姑学习一些战斗技能，却忘记“会”并不代表立刻能用。
On the other hand, he felt that this was his own negligence, he just prepared a bunch of protective measures for his aunt, and also taught and urged his aunt to learn some combat skills, but he forgot that "will" does not mean that he can use it immediately.
祝队长的做法反而更贴近实际，能让他姑学以致用，最重要的是训练他姑的反应和应对能力，这样才能让他姑的真正实力发挥出来。
The most important thing is to train his aunt's reaction and coping ability, so that his aunt's true strength can be brought into play.
王沐又道：“老祝就说会安排人和我实际训练，让我把在游戏中学到的和现实结合起来，他管这叫训练灵魂与身体的一致性。后来老祝只要有时间就会亲自和我喂招。”
Wang Mu said again: "Lao Zhu said that he would arrange people to train me in practice, so that I could combine what I learned in the game with reality, and he called this training the consistency of the soul and body." Later, Lao Zhu will personally feed me as long as he has time. ”
王叶哼唧，更看那个祝队长不顺眼。 Wang Ye hummed, and looked at the captain Zhu unpleasantly.
王沐好笑地点点侄子额头，用力挥了挥拳头：“看！你姑我现在可能打了，除了反应还不如那些真正每天训练和在战场上拼搏的战士，但一般两般的基因进化者都不是我的对手了哦。”
Wang Mu nodded his nephew's forehead amusedly, and waved his fist vigorously: "Look! You may be fighting now, except that the reaction is not as good as those fighters who actually train and fight on the battlefield every day, but generally the two genetic evolutionaries are not my opponents. ”
王叶笑起来，他喜欢他姑现在自信又快乐的模样。 Wang Ye laughed, he liked his aunt's confident and happy appearance now.
他能给国家准备基因进化药剂，能帮助他人觉醒异能，对他姑那就更不用说了。
He can prepare genetic evolution potions for the country, and he can help others awaken their abilities, let alone his aunt.
王沐用的好东西之多，也就是她自己不清楚。 Wang Mu used so many good things, that is, she didn't know it herself.
王沐的身体素质早就超过一般的初级基因进化者，她学的武技也足以保护她自己，只是缺乏实战也缺少相关意识。
Wang Mu's physical fitness has long surpassed that of ordinary primary genetic evolutionaries, and the martial arts she has learned are enough to protect herself, but she lacks actual combat and relevant awareness.
王叶没有帮助她觉醒异能，只是希望她能在吸收能量达到饱和点后可以自然觉醒。
Wang Ye didn't help her awaken her ability, but only hoped that she could awaken naturally after absorbing energy to reach the saturation point.
更何况王叶还在王沐身上直接用刺青的方式给他姑刺了一个复合型魔法阵。
What's more, Wang Ye also directly tattooed a compound magic array on Wang Mu's body.
这个复合型魔法阵不止能防伤害和吸收能量，还能滋养王沐的精神力。
This compound magic array can not only prevent damage and absorb energy, but also nourish Wang Mu's spiritual power.
凭借这个魔法阵，王沐可以不用任何药物，也不需要他人引导，就能自然而然地觉醒异能，就算不能觉醒异能，也能在精神力提升到一定程度后，凝成魔核，成为一名魔法师。
With this magic array, Wang Mu can naturally awaken his abilities without any drugs or the guidance of others, and even if he can't awaken his abilities, he can also condense into a magic core and become a magician after his spiritual power is raised to a certain level.
实际上，王沐那次去疗养院，就算不用卷轴，只凭她本身的实力，最起码也能从那些佣兵手上逃脱。如果他姑胆子大一些，反杀那些佣兵也是有可能的。
In fact, Wang Mu went to the sanatorium that time, even if she didn't use a scroll, at least she could escape from those mercenaries with her own strength. If he had been bolder, it would have been possible to kill those mercenaries.
否则他在网络上暴露身份后，怎么敢把他姑一个人放在家里，早随身携带了。
Otherwise, after he exposed his identity on the Internet, how dare he leave his aunt at home alone and carry it with him.
王沐有意无意说了祝队长很多好话：“……他们队伍也很忙，外出工作很多。钟山市分局成立，他特意调了过来，如今他是分局特别行动队的总队长，相当于这边的二把手。他离开了他原来那个队伍，苹果接任了队长职务。”
Wang Mu intentionally or unintentionally said a lot of good things to the captain: "...... They are also very busy and go out to work a lot. The Zhongshan City Branch was established, and he was specially transferred, and now he is the chief captain of the special operations team of the branch, which is equivalent to the second-in-command here. He left his old team, and Apple took over as captain. ”
“老祝说这是正常升迁，但我知道，他是为了我。”王沐也给自己倒了杯冰水，喝了一口，看向已经比自己高出一个头的侄子。
"Lao Zhu said that this is a normal promotion, but I know that he is for me." Wang Mu also poured himself a glass of ice water, took a sip, and looked at his nephew, who was already a head taller than him.
小叶子长得可真快啊。 The little leaves grow so fast.
王沐摸摸自己的脸，越发坚定自己的想法。 Wang Mu touched his face, becoming more and more determined in his thoughts.
“老祝比我小七岁，我之前也想过我和他并不合适，很多老妻少夫的生活都不美满，女方总是会因为心理原因产生各种焦虑，甚至疑神疑鬼，男方也会因此负担太重。就像是老夫少妻，做丈夫的怎么可能没有压力和各种想法？”
"Lao Zhu is seven years younger than me, I also thought that I am not suitable for him, many old wives and young husbands are not happy in life, women will always have all kinds of anxiety due to psychological reasons, and even suspicious, and the man will be too burdened. Just like an old husband and a young wife, how can a husband not have pressure and all kinds of ideas? ”
“但老祝跟我说，年龄相当的男女结婚后离婚的也多的是，既然我们俩彼此觉得合适，何不试试。”
"But Lao Zhu told me that there are many men and women of the same age who divorce after marriage, so since we both think it is suitable for each other, why not try."
王沐忽然吃吃笑道：“而且他说，因为你的缘故，就算有压力，也是他的心理压力更大。以后传出去，肯定老多人说他狡猾，是冲着你才和我结婚。他说他和我接触多后，他们方局长还特地把他找去说话，问他是不是真心，还软硬皆施，又是警告又是威胁，又说会盯着他云云。”
Wang Mu suddenly laughed and said: "And he said that because of you, even if there is pressure, his psychological pressure is greater." In the future, when it spreads, many people will definitely say that he is cunning and married me because of you. He said that after he had a lot of contact with me, their director Fang specially asked him to talk, asked him if he was sincere, and he was both soft and hard, warning and threatening, and said that he would stare at him Yunyun. ”
王叶：干得好！老头不错，下次再给他塞一些好东西。对了，老头他好像至今没孙辈？是他儿子儿媳不想要，还是身体缘故？
Wang Ye: Well done! The old man is good, next time I will stuff him with some good things. By the way, the old man doesn't seem to have any grandchildren yet? Is it because his son and daughter-in-law don't want it, or because of his health?
王叶想到要给方老头送什么礼物了。 Wang Ye thought of what gift he was going to give Old Man Fang.
“但我知道他不是。老祝就不是那种为了好处就随便找个女人结婚的人。”王沐两手握着杯子自嘲：“老祝的话让我明白，他和我在一起，就是喜欢我，而我同样……咳，反正我打算和他试试。”
"But I know he's not. Lao Zhu is not the kind of person who just finds a woman to marry for the sake of benefits. Wang Mu held the cup in both hands and laughed at himself: "Lao Zhu's words made me understand that when he is with me, he likes me, and I am the same...... Ahem, I'm going to try it with him anyway. ”
王叶心里酸酸的，觉得自己喝的不是西瓜汁，而是苹果醋。
Wang Ye's heart was sour, and he felt that what he drank was not watermelon juice, but apple cider vinegar.
雷木的细丝戳戳他，还用精神力嘲笑他是个小醋包。
王叶哼唧，他是为他姑高兴，但看他姑被个野男人迷得神魂颠倒的样子，又超级不爽。
“他跟你求婚了？”王叶眼尖，早看到他姑左手中指上戴的戒指。
王沐低头看戒指，笑：“就在上个月。我想着我们也相处快一年，各方面也都很合得来，就答应了。我本来想在邮件中跟你说，又觉得这事在邮件中说不太郑重，也说不清楚，就打算等你回来再跟你好好说说。”
王沐迟疑：“你……是不是对老祝有什么意见？”
王叶撇嘴：“他抢走我姑，还不能让我对他有一点意见？”
王沐笑了，心里暖暖的。
“姑，你放心，如果他对你不好，我……”
王沐抬手，无奈道：“你当我是玻璃人还是什么？老祝带我去做过身体测试，我现在的身体素质比老祝还强，更不要说你和你师父们给我准备的那些东西，如果老祝对不起我，我自己就能把他打得满地找牙。”
“而且，”王沐直起身体，淡淡道：“我都已经离过一次婚，还怕离第二次吗？我又不是养不活自己。”
“对！”王叶鼓掌：“姑，就是要有这样的心态，咱不求着别人过日子，一定要自己过得舒心，不舒心就把他踹了，重新找个更好的。”
“净胡扯。”王沐并没有顺着侄子的话头，反而教训他：“婚姻不是儿戏，也从来没有单方面付出就能走到底的夫妻关系。我既然答应和他过日子，自然会和他好好过。而两个人过日子，成天面对面，肯定有各种矛盾产生，这时候不是说心里不如意就要甩手走人，感情也是靠经营的。”
王沐失笑：“你还小，我跟你说这些干嘛。等你大了，可不能用这种心态对女孩子，咱们不做舔狗，但也不能太自私自利只看到别人如何对待自己，却没注意到自己是如何对待别人的。”
雷木小声跟王叶说：“你不用担心你姑姑了，她比你成熟得多也稳当得多，如果不是她第一任丈夫太混蛋，她一定可以让自己的日子过得非常好，而且就因为第一次婚姻失败，她会更懂得怎么样和现在的伴侣相处。”
王叶反而更不爽了，他这么好的姑姑，就要被人拐走了。
不，已经被人拐走了！
“难不成你还想把你姑姑也随身携带？”雷木反应过来。
王叶理所当然地道：“不行吗？”
雷木头疼：“你看看你姑姑，她根本不适合危险、冒险和颠簸的生活，她是可以和你一起走，是可以住在虫巢里，你也可以带上她的伴侣。但无论那个老祝还是你姑姑，他们的生活和事业都在这边，你觉得他们和你走会快乐吗？”
王叶张口，说不出话来。
“你可以提提看，但不要强求。因为你姑不会拒绝你，如果你提出希望她待在你身边，她绝对会答应你，但你也更应该为她和她的伴侣想想。”雷木点到即止。
王叶沉默。
王沐看王叶忽然不说话了，温柔地揉揉他的脑袋：“我就算找了个伴，但我最重视的永远都是你。如果你不喜欢老祝，嗯，我还是会和他在一起。”
“姑！”王叶孩子气地鼓起嘴巴。
王沐笑得停不下来。
王叶气着气着，也笑了起来。
王沐知道侄子不是真生气，这就是小孩子的独占欲作祟。
不过她侄子要比一般小孩理智，不会真的阻止她找人搭伴过日子，除非那个人真的不可靠。
“咚咚。”
祝队长大概一直在窥屏，看到姑侄两人气氛好像很好的样子，盘算两人也说得差不多了，就在外面敲响厨房玻璃门，拉开门扉，探头进来道：“我出去买点卤菜，你们想吃什么？”
王叶眼珠一转，迎上去：“我也去。”
祝队长脖颈汗毛倒竖，危机感就这么升上心头，但瞅瞅王沐，他还是咬牙挤出笑脸，热情地道：“好啊，那就一起去。”
一个半小时后，王叶和祝队长提着一大堆东西回家。
王沐担心地看向未婚夫。
祝队长对她露出一个灿烂的笑容。
王沐放心了。
祝队长两行眼泪往肚里流，他想：嫁入豪门大概就是这个滋味了，表面上不得不对爱人强颜欢笑，背地里又要忍受婆家的各种折磨。
王叶古怪地看向这个老兵痞，他在路上就是稍微用了点精神暗示，询问他的家庭背景和爱情史，以及他对他姑的真实想法，最后又试了试他的身手，然后问他想不想觉醒异能而已。
这人怎么一副人间坚强的模样？
祝队长：我就是戏多，你不用管我。我是个坚强的人，为了爱人，我可以承受一切不能承受的！
王叶朝着他姑就喊：“姑，我觉得你还是要考虑一下，领证不要太急啊，真的。”
祝队长爆炸了：“喂！小子，破坏军婚犯法的你知道不？”
第376章 婚礼回礼
一个月后，王沐和祝福军举行婚礼。
婚宴就在钟山市异能局分局食堂办的，分局的人都来了，包括祝福军原来的队友。
方老作为证婚人也来了。
婚礼过程简单，但很热闹，一堆人冲着王沐叫嫂子。
王沐眼睛红红的，祝福军一个劲傻笑。
王叶看不过去他那个傻样，也不想他姑等会儿要侍候一个酒鬼，就用魔法把他的杯中酒水全换成了白开水。
祝福军喝出来，但这家伙脸上半点看不出来，拎着白开水和人敬酒。
好多人在偷偷看王叶，苹果他们直接就充当娘家人，和王叶坐了一桌。方老也在这一桌，摆明了他是给王沐撑腰的。
林博士那么忙的人，竟然也来了，同样坐娘家席。
姚浩和葛杰两个也不知从哪儿听说王叶姑姑要结婚的消息，死活跟王叶要了请柬，也颠颠过来了。
王叶索性也给李梵发了请柬，他也把李梵拉入了地球守卫者见习战士群。
有这么多人，娘家席坐得满满。
方老他们以为今天能看到王叶家户口本上那一串姓月的大侠们，可过来后竟然一个都没见到。
蹲在王叶肩膀上的金宝：宝宝在这里啊，宝宝有参加姑奶奶的婚礼！
从王叶口袋里探出一片叶子的小云：我也来了。
小光坐在大黑的脑袋上，大黑蹲在王叶身边的椅子上，它的身体缩小成正常的成年狗大小，也占了一个位子。
有人觉得一只狗竟然坐在酒席上，特别不解和无语。
但知道兽战士存在的人，没有一个敢小看大黑。坐在娘家主桌的人更没有人对大黑上桌有任何意见。
靳蜘蛛吃不了酒席，但作为长辈也占了一个位子。
好吧，有了一只大黑狗，再有一只大蜘蛛，似乎也没什么奇怪的了。
摔！怎么可能不奇怪，没见来参加婚礼的人都在往这桌看。
林博士盯着靳蜘蛛，那眼神火热无比。她能看出来这只蜘蛛就不是活物，而是某种魔法器械，偏偏又如此活灵活现，简直想当场抱回研究室拆了它。
靳蜘蛛老神在在，随便林博士看。
雷木的细丝依旧盘在王叶手腕上。
王叶微笑：看，他们家其实来了不少成员，只是大家都没有意识到而已。
但他多希望他师父们也能来参加他姑的婚礼，王叶郁闷地骚扰雷木，嘀嘀咕咕。
雷木只好安抚他：“等你结婚的时候，师父们肯定都会在场。”
“我结婚？那要等到什么时候？而且我才不想结婚。”
“那就等你成年礼的时候。”雷木算了算时间，就觉得这个时间有点少，几位师父真不一定能在三年内找得到。
王叶显然也想到这点，更郁闷了。 Wang Ye obviously thought of this too, and became even more depressed.
不过在婚礼上，王叶表现得很高兴。 However, at the wedding, Wang Ye was very happy.
祝福军家人来得不多，好在分局局长和副队长等人都来了，分局局长还带来了妻子和孩子，可以充当家人，也刚好坐满一桌。
The family of the blessed army did not come much, but fortunately, the director of the sub-bureau and the deputy captain and others came, and the sub-director also brought his wife and children, who could act as a family member, and they just happened to fill a table.
王沐已经和祝家二老见过面，祝家二老年龄并不大，还没退休，仍旧在机关工作。
Wang Mu has already met with the second elder of the Zhu family, the second elder of the Zhu family is not very old, he has not retired, and he is still working in the agency.
原本二老对王沐离过婚，还有过精神病史很是有意见，但他们也相信自己儿子的眼光，就没有明着阻止儿子和王沐来往。
Originally, the two elders had very opinions about Wang Mu's divorce and history of mental illness, but they also believed in their son's vision, so they did not explicitly prevent their son from interacting with Wang Mu.
后来王沐上门，二老见过王沐后，当即就改了印象，认为儿子很有眼光。
Later, Wang Mu came to the door, and after the second elder saw Wang Mu, he immediately changed his impression and thought that his son was very discerning.
王沐那天仔细打扮过，看起来比三十多的祝队长还要年轻。
Wang Mu had dressed up carefully that day, and he looked younger than Captain Zhu, who was in his thirties.
而且王沐说话做事不争不抢稳稳当当，给人的感觉特别靠得住。
Moreover, Wang Mu does not fight or fight when he speaks and does things, which makes people feel very reliable.
更不要说王沐还是那个隔壁小王唯一肯认的亲人，他父母在他面前都不管用，他只认这个姑姑。
Not to mention that Wang Mu is still the only relative that Xiao Wang next door is willing to recognize, his parents are useless in front of him, he only recognizes this aunt.
想想看隔壁小王拿出来的东西，能拿出初级基因进化药剂、异能觉醒药剂和精神力检测仪等种种好东西的王叶，能没办法治疗他姑的精神疾病吗？
Think about what Xiao Wang next door took out, Wang Ye, who can take out all kinds of good things such as primary genetic evolution elixir, ability awakening elixir and mental power detector, can he not be able to treat his aunt's mental illness?
只看王沐那个精神焕发又比实际年龄年轻得多的样子，就知道王叶没少给他姑塞好东西。
Just looking at Wang Mu's energetic appearance and much younger than his actual age, he knew that Wang Ye had stuffed good things for his aunt.
祝家二老到后来反而担心他们儿子被人说闲话。 Later, the second elder of the Zhu family was worried that their son would be gossiped about.
说他们家是冲着王叶能拿出来的好处才会和王沐结亲。 said that their family would marry Wang Mu because of the benefits that Wang Ye could come up with.
祝家二老对王沐印象好，不代表其他祝家人也认可王沐，他们都觉得祝福军有点傻，凭他现在的地位和军衔，竟然找个二婚还是有精神病史的结婚。
The second elder of the Zhu family has a good impression of Wang Mu, which does not mean that the other Zhu family members also recognize Wang Mu, they all think that the Blessing Army is a bit stupid, with his current status and military rank, he is actually looking for a second marriage or a marriage with a history of mental illness.
这主要也是祝队长并没有对外宣传他妻子和隔壁小王的身份。
This is mainly because Captain Zhu did not publicize the identity of his wife and Xiao Wang next door.
因为先知者1999的爆料，现在很多人都知道隔壁小王在现实中的身份，但只要祝队长不说，也没人会把王沐和王叶联想起来。
Because of the revelations of the prophet in 1999, many people now know the identity of Xiao Wang next door in reality, but as long as Captain Zhu doesn't say it, no one will associate Wang Mu and Wang Ye.
所以今天祝家人来得并不多，好吧，就只有祝家二老来了，其他亲戚一个都没来。
So there weren't many Zhu family members here today, okay, only the second elder of the Zhu family came, and none of the other relatives came.
祝家二老有点生气，祝队长却无所谓，不来就不来，他们家又不用看这些亲戚的脸色过日子，他们不来是他们没那个福气，以后有的是让他们后悔的时候。
The second elder of the Zhu family was a little angry, but the captain Zhu didn't care, if he didn't come, he wouldn't come, and their family didn't have to look at the faces of these relatives to live, they didn't come because they didn't have that blessing, and there was a time for them to regret it in the future.
祝队长在王沐住的小区也买了一套房子，虽然王沐已经在该小区有一套房子，但男人嘛，总觉得住老婆房子不是回事，就算住进去，那也得有一套自己的房子。
Zhu Captain also bought a house in the community where Wang Mu lives, although Wang Mu already has a house in the community, but men, they always feel that living in their wife's house is not a thing, even if they live in it, they must have a house of their own.
祝队长买下这套房时还加上了王沐的名字，他觉得这样才有结婚感，也算是变相地向王沐表明心意。
When Captain Zhu bought this suite, he also added Wang Mu's name, he felt that this would give him a sense of marriage, and it could be regarded as a disguised expression of his heart to Wang Mu.
夫妻两人财产纠结得越多，离婚就越难，有时候嫌麻烦拖一拖，好像也就过去了，离婚也会不了了之。
The more the property of the husband and wife is entangled, the more difficult it is to divorce, and sometimes the trouble is delayed, as if it is over, and the divorce will not be over.
祝队长现在就想和王沐纠缠得多又多，怎么都分不开才好。
Zhu Captain wants to entangle with Wang Mu a lot now, and he can't be separated.
成婚当天，祝队长已经明言不收红包，不过和他玩得好的伙伴和以前收过他红包的人还是会私下给他发个大红包。
On the day of the wedding, Captain Zhu had already made it clear that he would not accept red envelopes, but his partners who played well with him and those who had received his red envelopes before would still send him a big red envelope in private.
祝队长对此倒没拒绝，笑嘻嘻地收下了。 Captain Zhu didn't refuse this, and accepted it with a smile.
而凡是来参加婚宴的人都收到了一份回礼。
回礼里面有一盒巧克力、一把折叠扇、一张用新人照片做的明信片，还有一颗单独包装的糖丸。
很多人一开始都没把这份回礼当回事。
直到苹果他们拿着那盒单独包装的糖丸追问祝队长这是什么东西。
忙晕了的祝队长一拍脑门，说道：“看我，差点都忘记跟你们说了。这四样回礼可是好东西，巧克力和明信片是我准备的，折叠扇和那药丸是小叶子准备的。”
“你说啥？”正准备把糖丸塞进嘴里的苹果的手凝固住，赶紧掏出来：“你说这是药丸，不是糖丸？还是小叶子……隔壁小王准备的？”
祝队长笑眯眯地点头，指着糖丸说：“好东西哦。不管多重的伤，吃一颗就能恢复大半。就是濒死，也能把人拉回来。”
“卧槽！这么重要的事你不早说，现在说不定已经有人把这宝贝当糖丸吃了！”苹果跳了起来。
"! If you didn't say such an important thing earlier, maybe someone has already eaten this baby as a sugar pill by now! Apple jumped.
其他几名队员迅速把装糖丸的盒子单独拿出来，一会儿放衣服口袋，一会儿放包里，总觉得放哪儿都不安全。
祝队长干笑，他这不是太高兴忙忘了嘛。
键盘摇头，迅速在婚礼群里发消息，连发三遍，说明糖丸的重要性。
群里一静，一秒过后，跟地震了一样，彻底炸开。
苹果把糖丸好好放入盒子内，突然想起来：“你刚才说这折叠扇也是小叶子准备的？”
祝队长点头：“他说折叠扇没有其他大的功效，就是里面画了魔纹，打开后可以自动漂浮起来扇风起到空调加风扇的效果。而且可以自动吸收周围游离能量，可以长时间使用。另外这个只制冷，不制热。”
“这不就是魔法空调扇？还能随身携带？好东西啊！”苹果抱着折叠扇就蹭脸，他最怕热了，一到夏天就特别痛苦，尤其是夏天出任务，简直就是受罪。
有了这东西，就算夏天去沙漠和原始丛林做任务，他都不用担心会被热死了。
其他队员也都当宝贝一样抚摸个不停，这扇子对他们这些行动队员来说真的太实用了。还有人特意打开来试了试，效果一流。
键盘又赶紧在婚礼群里说明折叠扇的功用。
群里这时还在因为糖丸的功效震惊，有人啊啊啊叫着说他把回礼随手送人了，现在后悔万分，已经很不要脸地跑去跟人讨回回礼。
还有人在群里直接撕逼，因为有人看回礼有糖果，看到朋友中有带小朋友来的，就把巧克力和糖丸随手都送了，现在都超级后悔，想跟朋友要回来。
群里撕逼得厉害，但也就是闹着玩，这么贵重的东西不知道也就罢了，知道了肯定还是要还给原主的。不过得到礼物的人肯定要敲些竹杠。
最后悔的就是有个人嫌弃拎着一个袋子麻烦，去停车场的时候，顺手就把袋子送给了停车场的保安。跑去找人要回回礼的就是他。
如今群里的人又听说那折叠扇也是好东西，那个人都快哭了，到处找那保安。
祝队长又指着巧克力和明信片说：“这两样也是好东西，我精挑细选的，这个巧克力可好吃了。”
“嗯嗯嗯。”他的原队员们和分局里的新队员们没有一个理会他，不是在藏那糖丸，就是在玩那扇子，还有人迫不及待地到处炫耀。
祝队长：……妈的！
很多来参加婚礼的人当晚都没走，住进了该小区的员工宿舍楼。
祝家二老也住进了儿子的新房。
祝家二老原本以为也要住宿舍，听说这房子是新房，而他们儿子在新婚之夜竟然不是住新房，而是住到妻子的房子那边，而且以后都在那边过，特别无语。
祝队长把父母送过来，笑呵呵地道：“你们不明白，我老婆那套房子可以说是世上最安全的房子，住起来也比这边舒服得多。你们以后没事，可以就住在我这儿，正好还能帮我养养房子，免得房子空置坏掉了。”
祝家二老直摇头，都搞不清楚他们这是娶媳妇还是嫁儿子。算了，儿子自己愿意，他们也不好说什么，小两口自己高兴就好。
祝母拎着一个袋子，叫住儿子：“这是王沐的侄子刚刚给我们的，说是送给我们的礼物。”
除此之外，那个少年还把回礼也塞了他们两份，让他们特别啼笑皆非。
后来看到婚礼群里键盘发的内容，才知道那回礼里竟然有两样宝贝。
祝家二老都替王叶心疼了，这么好的宝贝竟然就这么随手送出去了，还不是一份两份，而是按照家庭单位在送！
就这么一会儿工夫，消息已经传出去，多少人为此后悔不迭，喊着他们就该请假过来参加婚礼。
还有人已经在高价收购救命药丸和那魔法空调扇，不过目前为止，还没有人卖。
来参加婚礼的人没几个傻子，就算要卖，肯定也会等几天，过两天价格只会更高，尤其那能救命的药丸。
就连祝家人都已经在联系他们，旁敲侧击地问他们，回礼还有没有多的。
二老都懒得理睬他们，直接回：没了，早发完了。
王叶连回礼都准备得如此让人惊心动魄，这特别给他们的礼物该是什么？二老都不敢想。
“哦，这事我知道。”祝队长就是为此特别过来的。
祝母从袋子里拿出一个盒子，盒子不大。
打开盒子，里面是四支药剂。
“这就是觉醒药剂？”祝家二老看到药剂下意识就道，当下就觉得这个盒子特别重。
现在觉醒药剂在异能局的交易网上也有卖，但需要的贡献值高达一万点，买得起的真没几个。
市价据说是一百万，实际有人出价一亿，都没人卖！
祝队长摇摇头，指着四支药剂道：“这些不是觉醒药剂，但比觉醒药剂更珍贵。这两支是给你们调整身体用的。小叶子说，你们虽然注射了基因进化药剂，但因为年龄大，松果体已经钙化，想要觉醒异能非常困难，就算觉醒了异能也不会很高，而且没有引导者在一边，觉醒也会很危险。”
“这两支药剂是他根据你们的身体实际情况特别炼制的，可以进一步进化你们的身体素质。但这两支药剂需要后服用，先服用这两支。”
明明这房子里只有他们一家，但祝队长还是特意压低声音，对二老说道：
“这两支更宝贵，这是增寿药剂，可增寿三十年。配合这两支培元药剂一起服用，不但增寿，你们的身体状态更可以恢复到青年状态。”
祝家二老：我的妈呀！
祝队长看着父母的脸，又说：“不止是身体素质恢复到青春状态，大概你们的外貌也会年轻化。”
祝父连忙盖紧盒子，塞回给儿子：“这东西太珍贵了，我们不能拿。”
祝母心里想要，但她也同意老伴的意见，这四支药剂真的太珍贵了，他们又不是卖儿子。
祝队长哭笑不得，把盒子又塞回给父母：“行了，收下吧，这是小叶子的心意，你们退回去，他还以为你们对他姑姑有意见呢。”
“怎么会？王沐人很好，我们很满意。”祝母连忙说。
祝队长：“那就收下吧。小叶子给你们这四支药剂也是把我们一家当自家人看，别人都没有。对了，这药剂你们可别传出去，也别跟别人说，方老那儿都没有。”
王叶没给方老，是因为方老觉醒了异能，这增寿药剂对他也就是锦上添花，意义不大。
但祝家二老现在还不知道异能者的寿命要比普通人长这件事，听儿子这么说，顿时觉得王叶那孩子特别贴心。
祝家二老喜滋滋地正要收起药剂，却听儿子说他过来就是要亲眼看他们服下药剂，以防有什么意外。
祝家二老也怕这样的宝贝传出去被人知道，就当着儿子的面，一人两支把药剂都喝了。
大约王叶在炼制这四瓶药剂时特意考虑到二老的身体承受程度，四瓶药剂的药性都很温和。
祝家二老服了药剂，睡了一觉，次日早上醒来洗了个澡，两人盯着镜子中的自己，手在脸上头发上摸来摸去，都是一副不可置信和惊喜的模样。
他们真的变得年轻了许多，现在他们看着不像是六十岁的老人，更像是才三四十岁。
二老想到王叶对隔了一层的他们都能如此大手笔，那么对他的新姑父……
祝队长在王叶的建议下没有服用异能觉醒药剂，而是跟王沐一样，让王叶在他身上刺了一个复合型魔法阵。
Captain Zhu did not take the Ability Awakening Elixir at Wang Ye's suggestion, but like Wang Mu, he asked Wang Ye to stab a compound magic array on him.
该魔法阵的功能和王沐身上的差不多。 The function of this magic array is similar to that on Wang Mu's body.
王叶哼哼唧唧地表示，他这样做只是不想他姑以后早早变成寡妇。
Wang Ye snorted and said that he just didn't want his aunt to become a widow early in the future.
祝队长得知这个魔法阵的功能之一竟然可以防伤害，不但能挡刀，还能挡子弹，异能攻击也能防得住时，顿时笑得嘴都歪了。
When Captain Zhu learned that one of the functions of this magic array could actually prevent damage, not only blocking knives, but also blocking bullets, and ability attacks could also be prevented, he suddenly smiled crookedly.
随便侄子怎么说吧，反正受到实惠的是他。 Whatever the nephew says, he's the one who gets the benefit anyway.
更何况他也不想出事，把这么好的老婆让给别人。 What's more, he doesn't want to have an accident and give such a good wife to others.
王沐看到祝队长身上有了这么一个魔法阵，也安心许多。祝队长身为行动队总队长，不出行动则罢，出去就是大事，相对来说，遇到的危险也多。她怎么可能不担心？
Wang Mu was also much relieved when he saw that Captain Zhu had such a magic array on his body. I wish the captain as the captain of the action team, if you don't take action, it will be a big deal to go out, and relatively speaking, there are many dangers encountered. How could she not be worried?
婚礼顺利结束，但这场婚礼造成的“地震后遗症”还在蔓延。
The wedding ended successfully, but the "after-effects of the earthquake" caused by this wedding are still spreading.
王叶的大手笔回礼迅速就上了网络新闻头条，不知多少人捶胸顿足说自己怎么就没去参加婚礼。
Wang Ye's generous return gift quickly made headlines on the Internet, and many people beat their chests and said why they didn't go to the wedding.
更有那收到婚宴请帖，但因为各种原因没去的人更是懊悔得恨不得撞墙。
There are even those who received wedding invitations, but did not go for various reasons, and they regretted it so much that they wanted to hit the wall.
有人厚脸皮地问到祝队长那里，说人没去，还能不能有回礼。
Someone cheekily asked Captain Zhu and said that if he didn't go, could he still have a return gift.
祝队长得意又无限惋惜地回复：“没啦，小叶子都是按照人头准备的，多一份都没有。”
Captain Zhu replied proudly and infinitely regretfully: "No, the little leaves are all prepared according to the head, and there is no more." ”
嘤嘤嘤，好多人都哭了。 A lot of people are crying.
而凡是去参加了婚礼的人这段时间天天被人骚扰，被人堵门都是常事。
And anyone who went to the wedding was harassed and blocked every day during this time.
现在好多人后悔他们不应该那么骚包得到处炫耀，有好东西就应该藏起来啊！
Now many people regret that they shouldn't be so sassy and show off everywhere, and if there are good things, they should hide them!
王叶在家里住了一段时间，见他姑一切安好，正好方老传讯给他说有石片的消息，他就去了异能局总局。
Wang Ye lived at home for a while, and when he saw that his aunt was fine, it happened that Elder Fang sent him news that there were stone chips, so he went to the General Bureau of the Ability Bureau.
第377章 鬼镇、预知梦 Chapter 377: Ghost Town, Foresight Dream
王叶站在这座鬼镇前，默默打量这座被遗弃的镇子。 Wang Ye stood in front of this ghost town, silently looking at this abandoned town.
只从外表看，这座鬼镇非常美丽，所有古老的石造建筑都被爬山虎一类的植物包围，整个镇子就像是童话小镇。
From the outside, this ghost town is very beautiful, all the old stone buildings are surrounded by plants such as creepers, and the whole town is like a fairy tale town.
但奇特的是，所有房屋的门窗都没有被爬山虎遮掩。 But the peculiar thing is that the doors and windows of all the houses are not hidden by creepers.
就好像这座小镇里似乎还有人生活，他们就居住在房屋里，并且现在正站在阴暗的窗户后面，正在凝望你。
It's as if there are still people living in this town, who live in houses and are now standing behind dark windows, staring at you.
王叶见到方老，方老告诉他，握有石片的人提出一个要求，他不要求药剂也不要贡献值，他指名希望隔壁小王能帮他到他的老家祖宅取一样东西。
【任务发布！玩家隔壁小王在游历新地图地球时发现了一座奇异的小镇，该镇被人称为鬼镇。请调查鬼镇所有人迁徙的原因，任务完成奖励十万点经验值。】
王叶抱臂。
能让系统发布任务，看来这个小镇里藏有不小的秘密。
来之前，王叶已经通过异能局拿到了这座小镇最完整的信息。
这座小镇原名凤仙镇，也有人叫巫女镇。
传闻这里的人特别喜欢女孩，如果哪家有女孩降生，会整个镇子都庆祝。
并不是说小镇的人口比例失调，相反这里的男女比例还算正常，大约在1.1比1。
那凤仙镇人为什么这么喜欢女孩？
传闻凤仙镇出过仙子，那仙子原本是个弃婴，吃百家饭长大，长大后生的千娇百媚，有土匪看中她，想要抢了去，镇民为了保护女孩，和土匪搏斗，死了很多人。
就在镇民不敌土匪时，天降火雨，女孩在火雨中立地成仙，一挥手就杀死所有土匪。
女孩变成仙子，她用仙力把周围几十座小山搬迁堆叠到一起，形成一圈高山，宛如城墙般把小镇守护在当中。
也因为仙子的仙力，除了小镇的人，没有人能在这一圈山林中生活，山林中的生灵会主动攻击和驱逐外来者。
因为感念镇民的抚育和救护之恩，仙子在飞升时曾留下话，说她会不断转世，守护这座镇子。
后来，每当有战乱、灾难发生，这座镇子都有一名女子会立地成仙，保护镇民，保护整座镇子。
Later, whenever there was a war or disaster, there would be a woman in this town who would become an immortal to protect the townspeople and the whole town.
不管外面怎样纷纷扰扰，这座古镇一直保持着安详宁静的生活。
Despite all the disturbances outside, this ancient town has always maintained a peaceful and peaceful life.
这座镇子根据记载就已经有上千年历史。
是实实在在的千年古镇。 It is a real thousand-year-old town.
那么这么好的一座镇子为什么会变成鬼镇，为什么所有镇民都迁走了？
So why did such a good town become a ghost town, and why did all the townspeople move away?
据记载，事情发生在九十年代初期。
该镇镇民开始不断做梦，他们总是能梦到之后一天发生的事情，就像是预知梦。
所有镇民都可以预知之后一天发生的事情，经过几次验证，镇民们确定自己做的梦真的能实现，那么谁不想要提前躲过或消灭可能伤害自己的人事物，谁不想通过预知来获得好处？
这座镇子就这么乱了起来。
更糟糕的是，这座镇子的所有未婚女子，从女婴开始都开始生病。
偏偏所有镇民都梦见，这场病会转为疫情，会在一个月后让镇子的人死绝。
镇民经过前面的预知梦，已经对他们梦到的内容深信不疑，他们虽然喜欢和珍惜女孩，但也爱惜自己的性命。
有镇民开始外逃，有意思的是只要镇民离开镇子范围，他们就不会再做预知梦。
但所有女孩都不能带出镇子，梦境告诉镇民，只要带出女孩，疫病就会跟着传出去。
有人舍不得自家女儿，想要偷偷带出镇子，可只要一出“城墙”范围，他们带着的女孩就会死亡，无一例外。
无奈下，镇民们只能一边通知政府，请上面派人来医治女孩，一边往外迁移。
上面也确实派人来调查，并调派来不少医生和药物。
可不论什么药物都无法治愈这种怪病。
一个月后，镇子开始死人，先是外来者，然后是镇民。
眼看派遣过来的医生护士纷纷死去，剩下的人也待不住了，只能撤离。
镇民更加恐惧，纷纷往镇子外面逃。
但来不及了，就像预言所说，一个月后只要还留在镇子上的人，除了正在生病的女孩们，其他人无论男女老幼都死了。
根据王叶看到的机密资料，最后这座镇子的尸体都没有人敢进来收，原本上面是想一场大火把整座镇子都烧掉——根据医护人员的判断，上面认为这里发生了难以治疗的恶疫。
但因为镇子中还有生病的女孩，上面否决了烧镇的决定，只是封锁。
而在下达封锁命令前，特事局曾几次派人来查探这座小镇，同时携带了一定生活和医疗物资，但只要进入小镇的人都没能再走出来，也没有任何消息传出。
特事局不可能继续再牺牲行动队员的性命，查探任务戛然而止。
一年后特事局再次派人前来，发现这座小镇已经没有一个活人，但所有尸体也全都消失。
上面商讨是否让逃出去的镇民再搬回来，但还没等他们确定，就有镇民偷偷返回。
而这些偷偷返回的镇民要不了几天就会死于怪病之下，死后尸体还会古怪消失。
最终上面决定毁掉这座小镇，用炸弹彻底炸毁。 In the end, it was decided to destroy the town and blow it up completely with bombs.
但就在上面下达命令之前，有镇民报警，说他祖父回到镇子就连续做梦，梦到有人用炸弹炸毁镇子，但镇子毁灭后，疫病就会蔓延出去。
他祖父特地写信，让信鸽送信告诉他这件事，并让他不要回来小镇，没多久他大爷就死在了镇子中。
因为凤仙镇的种种怪异，收到报警的警员也不敢轻忽这条消息，就上报了。
最后上面几番商讨，最终还是没有炸毁这座小镇，而是采取了继续封锁的方式。
In the end, after several discussions, the town was not blown up, but continued to be blocked.
几十年过去，这座小镇就变成了现在这样。 Decades later, the town has become what it is now.
而那个握有石片，提出让隔壁小王跑一趟凤仙镇，从祖宅拿一样东西给他的人就是当初报警的那个镇民。
And the person who held the stone chip and offered to let Xiao Wang next door go to Fengxian Town and take something from the ancestral house to him was the townsman who called the police in the first place.
“你们有感到什么怪异的力量吗？”王叶低声问。 "Do you feel any weird powers?" Wang Ye asked in a low voice.
虫巢中的老小纷纷摇头，啥也没感觉出来。
只有雷木说道：“这里的力量和生命之树的力量相反。”
王叶挑眉：“和生命之力相反的，难道是死亡之力？”
雷木：“你要小心，这座镇子……不对劲。”
回到地球后，雷木还是第一次如此慎重，王叶本身就对这小镇很是提防，如今更加慎重。
但表面上，他大大咧咧地就走入了小镇。
因果卷突然自动打开，再次变得一片血红。
可王叶这次却像是没有看到因果卷的警示，他甚至没有注意到因果卷已经打开，就那么走入小镇街道。
白天的小镇极为安宁，连虫语声都没有，真正的寂静无声。
王叶按照那个人给的祖宅地图，顺着长满青苔的青石板路悠悠哉哉地往前走。
走着走着，他面前的景色改变了……
他回到了陨星魔法学校。
王叶看到周围景色改变，竟然也没有半点惊讶。
他还跟周围的同学打招呼。
这是什么时候来着？
对了，是裂隙战场准备和瘤背怪大战，把所有有生力量转移出来之后。
他就是被转移的有生力量之一，因为他年龄还小，实力也比较低微。
被转移回双月星后，他就回到了陨星魔法学校。
此时，陨星升起了防护魔法阵，只有陨星的人才能进入陨星。
没过几天，陨星学校内部发生大战，且是陨星人带领一部分外人在和陨星自己人开战。
王叶看着他熟悉的同学和老师一个个倒下，心中悲愤莫名。他想这种情况和裂隙战场何其相似？
而陨星仅存的那几位大佬连同学校教授和工作人员开始转移学校的学生。
他询问守卫，学校发生了什么事，是谁在攻打他们。
守卫们闭口不答，只让他赶紧转移。
他满心不安下，只能接受再一次的转移，可就在他跟着其他学生排队时，转移地点也出事了。
传送魔池似乎排斥了两名学生，其中一个学生他认识，好像是叫耿明，还有一个叫俞希望？
奇怪，他怎么记得这个叫耿明的学生的身体被人侵占，在他的帮助下灵魂进入一只濒死的小奶狗身体中，但后来学校不是解决了他的问题，还夺回了他的身体吗？
而那个俞希望，他好像也和对方接触过，这个女孩是不是还有一个姐姐在陨星城开旅馆？
王叶感到怪异，他的记忆似乎有点混乱，但还没等他想清楚。
就见那两名学生见无法进入传送魔池，就开始破坏魔池并杀死周围的学生。
守卫们赶过去保护传送魔池和剩下的学生们。
学校的情况越来越混乱。
大佬为了保护已经传送走的学生，也为了保护一些必须保护的秘密，拼死毁掉了整个后山宫殿群。
这场大战，学校死了很多人，有学生，但更多的是学校教授和护卫人员。
他没能进入传送魔池，只能混在尸体中，假装自己已经死亡。
他有这么弱么？
他明明应该……
王叶觉得自己不是自己，他应该是……
对了，他叫单天行。
王叶是谁？不认识。
他明明应该是单天行。
单天行确认了自己的身份，把不属于自己的记忆全都扔出脑海。
他趴在尸体中趴了很久。
有人来打扫战场。
这些人为了不让消息泄露，也为了把陨星的最后价值给搜刮干净，整个陨星的建筑物和收藏等，凡是能被转移走的都被搬走了，不能转移的就毁掉。
图书馆、实验室、体验室、教学楼……
药园、仓库、魔兽饲育园……
还有那些尸体……
全都被搜刮得干干净净！
单天行在途中变成了某个入侵者的模样，这是他的最大秘密，他会变形术，但不能频繁使用。
靠着变形术，他逃过了一场又一场生命危机。
他不知道离开的陨星人都去了哪里，也不知道自己该去哪里，当父母去世后，他把陨星当做了自己第二个家，可现在这个家也没有了。
单天行跟着那些摧毁陨星的人进入了屠魔教，原本他是想要寻机报仇。
但当他以为毁掉陨星的主谋就是屠魔教时，却发现他变身的那人其实还有一重身份。
屠魔教、拜月教以及长生会，他们都有内部联系，甚至人员都有重叠。
这么强大的力量，他想要为陨星复仇何其困难？
于是单天行改变了想法，他想要利用这些组织的力量去对付害死他父母的仇人，也想在内部挑拨他们，好让他们内斗。
可当他第一次利用这些组织去对付春木上国时，却在长生会的内部看到了他的堂祖父。
春木上国的国主，伯思圣！
单天行震惊莫名，他原本还想过要去找这位堂祖父帮他父母报仇，他一直认为追杀他父母的人就是他父亲的亲兄弟，为的就是他父亲手上的藏宝图。
他有幸接触到了那位堂祖父，而对方竟然也察觉出他的身份有异，从而认出他的真实身份。
堂祖父对他非常好，借给他力量，帮助他报仇。
他也在堂祖父的栽培下，越来越出色，他成了双月星最年轻的九级法宗，甚至有望成为最年轻的十级法圣。
而在单天行努力修炼提高自己的那些年，双月星发生了很多事情。
最著名的就是精灵族被人攻占了族地，落到了几乎灭族的地步。
除了精灵族，地底族似乎也消失了，世人已经很久没有看到地底族露面。
虫人一族也关闭了他们的秘境，没人知道他们为什么要关闭秘境。
海族拒绝和陆地人交流，他们闭关锁海，只过自己的日子。
兽人一族发疯一样地到处攻打人类国家，似乎兽人们出现了可怕的饥荒问题。
还有其他各个种族，他们或因为生存资源、或因为本身的价值、或因为其他乱七八糟的原因，到处都在开战。
整个世界都乱了，可乱世出英雄，也有高手和新势力不断出现。
其中，蓝星群岛人表现得最为耀眼，他们甚至夺得了不少领地，还有人建立了帮会和国家。
单天行在经过荒芜的田地，或看到路边幼小的骷髅时，有时也会想，如果没有那些叛徒，如果双月星的顶尖强者们还在，如果那些强者没有为了阻拦瘤背怪进入双月星，而和瘤背怪们一起同归于尽的话……
也许这个世界还不至于混乱到这种程度，而且还有继续乱下去的趋势。
但当他对他的堂祖父说出他对双月星现状的忧虑时，他的堂祖父却笑着告诉他：合久必分，分久必合。每一段平稳的辉煌历史出现前，总会乱上一段时间。而现在就是阵痛期，只要度过这个时期，双月星自然就会进入平稳的高度发展期。
他相信了堂祖父的话，也不得不信。
人活着，总得抱有一点美好的希望不是吗？
曾经被称为第一帝国的银月帝国倒下了，传说有一名叫做撒坦的魔子屠杀了整个银月帝国的民众，只为了召唤魔族降临。
不过以屠魔教为首的一群高手，邀请了春木上国等国家出面，一起对付那名魔子，最终让召唤魔族降临的仪式失败，还重伤了那名魔子。
魔子消失，全天下都在追捕他。
他也是追查魔子最积极的人之一，那时他已经成了双月星名声最响亮的顶尖强者。
有人推荐他成为佣兵公会的新总会长，但佣兵公会的人却拒绝接受他，表示他们只接受前一任会长指定的继承人。
于是世人们就用这点来攻讦佣兵公会，说他们的总会长世袭制违反了佣兵们“自由、勇敢、诚信”的三大宗旨，并以此为理由来试图分割佣兵公会。
而佣兵公会内部也确实出了问题，很多国家和大型地区的佣兵公会分会长开始拥兵自重，他们拒绝听从总公会的安排，逼迫总公会接受“由佣兵们共同推举的新总会长”。
但可笑的是大家推举出来的人选都不一样，每个人都不能服众，包括他单天行在内。
佣兵公会内部闹得很厉害，魔法师公会、药剂师公会、炼金师公会、武师公会和商业公会也不安生。
六大公会的总会长有一半都没能从裂隙战场出来。
原本他们都安排好了接手者，可也不知道哪里出了问题，这些接手者要么失踪、要么重伤，要么就是闹出很大的丑闻。
而且随着越来越多的变异强者出现，这个世界的权力天平也开始不断倾斜。
谁强谁就有话语权。
原本外形怪异的变异者被人喊打喊杀，可现在变异者却逐渐走到了台前，甚至掌握了实权。
双月星到处都在打仗，人口缺乏下，各国和各个种族都特别喜欢雇佣蓝星群岛人。
因为那帮人有个非常独特的本领，就是打不死，他们可以不断重生，据说只要他们灵魂不灭精神核没有毁掉，他们就不会真正死亡。
蓝星群岛人活跃在双月星各个地方，他们可以为任何一个种族和国家开战，更热衷于彼此打来打去。
蓝星群岛人还和各大国家和某些组织合作，他们特别喜欢研究一些稀奇古怪的事情，除了魔法和异术，武器、药物、变异人都是他们喜欢研究的方向。
而春木上国也逐渐成为四大上国中最强大的国家，不，应该说春木上国已经成为整个双月星最强大的国家。
但他的堂祖父并没有称帝，他性格宽容慈和，尤其喜欢提携优秀的小辈。
有一天，他的堂祖父暗中找到他，说要托付给他一个异常重要的任务。
堂祖父去世了，他留下了一个孩子，他还立那刚出生没多久的小婴儿为王位继承人，安排了无数人保护他，而他更是被要求贴身保护那个孩子。
那孩子在睁开眼睛后就显示出了他的非凡……
单天行以为这孩子长大以后会成为双月星的最强帝王，甚至统一双月星各大种族，平息双月星的混乱。
毕竟他是那么优秀！
可是就在这孩子年满二十岁的那一夜，也是一年中双月齐齐在出现天空并最为圆满的一天，那两个银盘一样的月亮竟然一点点出现了血丝。
双月变成了血月。
那似乎成了一种征兆。
次日，虫人族打开封禁，重新出现在世人面前，但虫人族再也不是过去的可爱萌物，他们变成了外表更加强大（丑陋）、内心却更加冷血的战争兵器。
曾经几乎快要消失的精灵族也再次出现，他们变得更加美丽、也更加强悍，他们甚至能变身。
虫人族和精灵族联合到了一起，他们侵占大量领土和资源，大量繁殖新的虫人和新的精灵。
人类领土被掠夺、粮食减少，不得不团结起来共同对抗贪婪的虫人族和精灵族。
可就在这时，人类发现，他们中间出现了背叛者。
很多人类都变异了，他们都变成了怪物，但都是有智慧的怪物，最可怕的是他们竟然都愿意听从虫人族和精灵族的命令。
人类没有办法，又去找兽人族寻求合作。
可兽人族自顾不暇，他们内部在分裂，因为兽人族也出现了变异者，偏偏这些变异者都十分强大，普通兽人族的栖息领地越来越少。
普通兽人族为了生存，只能去抢占普通人类的生存资源。
于是兽人族和人类又打了起来。 So the orcs and humans fought again.
人类甚至为了驱赶兽人，而和虫人族、精灵族合作，引狼入室。
In order to drive away the orcs, humans even cooperated with the zerg and elves to lure wolves into the house.
面对这些世间乱象，单天行再也坐不住了，他无法再一心一意地守在那个年轻的王者身边，他恳求年轻王者出兵，不求攻打虫人族和精灵族，只求能为人类和兽人族留下一块栖息之地。
In the face of these chaos in the world, Shan Tianxing could no longer sit still, he could no longer stay by the young king's side wholeheartedly, he begged the young king to send troops, not to attack the zerg and elves, but to leave a place for humans and orcs to live.
年轻王者同意了，但他没有出兵，他单独去找那两族的高层沟通。
最后王成功了，人类和兽人族得到了新的栖息地，他们可以苟延残喘下去。
单天行以为这可以让人类和兽人积蓄力量，以待日后。但某日他忽然发现，人类和兽人只是被蓄养了，就像家畜一样。
而曾在双月星无比活跃的蓝星群岛人不知何时也消失了。
似乎是因为有人破解了他们的秘密，可以截留和破坏他们的精神核，让他们无法再回到他们的家乡。
蓝星群岛人无法再在死亡后一次又一次重生，他们失去了最大的依仗。
另外，他还听他几个蓝星群岛人的朋友说，他们的家乡似乎也出现了某些问题，因为有人把他们在双月星的一些研究项目拿到了他们的家乡进行实操，但那些研究项目并不都是好的。
还有一个叫巴勒的神教出现，无数人为这个教派疯狂，说真神降世。而巴勒神说谁是魔子，这些自称神眷者的教众就会杀谁。
他的朋友还告诉他，最可怕的是一颗星星正在向蓝星群岛接近，所有蓝星群岛人都在担心那颗星星掉下来，现在正商量着如何炸掉它。
单天行感觉到深深的不对劲。
他看着双月星，看着年轻的王，却只看到了沉重的暮气。
他想，双月星也许就要完了。
虽然他不明白他为什么会生出这样的想法，但他就是这么肯定着。
也许和他有同样想法的人不少，这些人为了脱离这样的双月星，或者是想改变这样的双月星，都在努力冲击十一级。
那是传说中神灵的等级。
而想要冲击十一级，就需要更多的资源。
因此造成的冲突和战争更多。
双月星的资源也随着人们掠夺式、肆无忌惮地开采，整个世界以非常快的速度变得荒芜贫瘠。
顶尖的超凡者谁都能看出来，如果再这样下去，双月星就要失去自愈的能力。
但越是顶尖的超凡者越是无法停止寻找和掠夺最高等的资源，因为他们怕自己不去找不去拿，就会被别人得去。而他们想要冲击十一级，就必需这些高等资源。
好人害怕资源落到坏人手里，坏人更不喜欢资源被别人抢走。
修炼资源不够，有人甚至屠杀大量生灵，只为了献祭，从而得到力量。
双月星发出了悲鸣。 The twin moon stars let out a mournful roar.
地震、火山爆发、泥石流、洪水…… Earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, mudslides, floods......
双月星似乎正在试图自救，她用她的方式来努力杀死寄生在她身上的资源掠夺者们。
普通人和普通生灵死了很多，但变异者和超凡者却不会那么轻易死去。
终于！
有人真的突破到了十一级。
从此，双月星进入了神灵时代…… Since then, the Twin Moon Stars have entered the Age of the Gods......
而他死了，在十数名强者攻击之下。 And he died, under the attack of more than a dozen strong men.
王叶猛地睁开眼睛，他的口鼻喷出大量鲜血。 Wang Ye opened his eyes suddenly, and a large amount of blood spurted out of his mouth and nose.
他的身上也出现无数伤口。 He also had numerous wounds on his body.
梦境即为真实。 Dreams are real.
他以为自己是单天行。 He thought he was a single day.
单天行被杀死，他也会被杀死。 If Shan Tianxing is killed, he will also be killed.
要不是雷木发现不对呼唤他，他可能真的就死在了梦中。
If Reimu hadn't found out that something was wrong and called him, he might have died in his dreams.
王叶满头冷汗，迅速对自己施展治疗术，又拿出药剂灌入口中。
第378章 最后一人
“单天行出事了。”
“你总算醒了！”
两人异口同声说道。
王叶连灌了三瓶药剂，躺在地上擦掉口鼻溢出的鲜血，用精神力问雷木：“我睡了多久？”
“整整四天。我怎么叫你，你都没有反应，后来我只能进入你的精神海，也幸亏我进去了……”雷木一想到当时看到的场景，不禁一阵后怕。
王叶的精神海世界竟然分成了两半，其中漆黑的一半正在吞噬明亮的另一半，而且一边吞噬一边碎裂。
雷木就冒险把自己的精神力刺入王叶的精神核中，这才唤醒他。
“你刚才说单天行？你怎么知道他出事了？算了，你先别说，赶紧先疗伤。”雷木急道。
王叶只好憋住倾诉的欲望，专心治疗。
这镇子上的力量虽然可怕，但重点都在梦境，只要挣脱出来，那股力量似乎也无法再做其他多余的事情。
再说靳蜘蛛和大黑已经出来保护他。
小光不行，小光一出来也开始做梦，王叶一看不对就赶紧唤醒她，把她又放回虫巢。
不过小光给了他一个重要讯息，那就是她的梦境主角也是单天行。
靳蜘蛛和大黑没有受到影响，而两者的共同特征就是没有真正的肉体。
“疗伤！”雷木呵斥。
王叶收神，不敢再分心。
大黑望向旁边的临街房。
临着主要街道的两排房子都打开了堂屋改成了门面，做些小生意。
现在，王叶就坐在这条商业街的路中心。
左边是一家卖酱油糖醋米面的粮食铺子，右边是一家卖藤萝藤筐的藤制品店。
明明已经被遗弃很久，可这条街道上的所有店铺都开着大门，就好像他们还在营业，甚至里面的陈设看起来都完好无损，连灰烬都没多少。
大黑看向藤制品店内，因为光照的缘故，过了店面二分之一，再往里看就看不清了，只能看到一片阴影。
“你们有没有发现四天来这里的天气一直都是阴天？看不到任何天象。”靳蜘蛛道。
大黑：“汪！”里面有人在看着我们。
靳蜘蛛身影一闪，爬进了那家藤制品店，过了十来分钟才出来。
“没有人，但里面很干净。”
“汪！”在二楼。
靳蜘蛛和大黑一起抬头看向二楼的临街窗户。
两扇黑幽幽的窗户，就好像两只黑幽幽的眼睛。
“汪！”大黑目光转移，看向左边的粮食铺子，那家店面里面也有谁在看着他们。
“那东西在设法引我们离开。”靳蜘蛛判断。
谁也没有注意到，王叶的袖口里冒出一根细丝，那细丝沿着衣服落到地面，快速延伸出去，和周围的青苔合为一体。
王叶全神贯注疗伤，这次他伤得很重。
是他重生以来受伤最重的一次。
两个小时后，他表面的伤痕已经全部消失，身体内外都不再出血，但王叶知道他有点伤及根本，需要一点时间好好疗养。
雷木一直在守护他，感觉到他已经结束治疗，立即道：“这里不安全，往前走三百米，右拐进一条小街，一直往前走，看到一口井，去井口右边第五户人家。”
“木木，你是已经把镇子搜索了一遍吗？”王叶原地站起，顺手把身上带血的衣裤也换了，还把手脸洗了洗。
“嗯，快走吧，天黑更麻烦。”雷木承认。
王叶加快脚步，大黑和靳蜘蛛断后。
天色变暗，原本就是阴天，过了下午三点，就黑得特别快。
“汪！”好多人在看我们，他们都在屋子里。
王叶竟然抬手对两边房屋摆了摆，还一脸笑容的打招呼：“嗨，大家好，承蒙关照，一来就给我送这么一份大礼，这份恩情我记下了，在下一定会报答诸位。”
他王叶就是这么一个爱记仇的东西！
也不知是不是错觉，整个小镇的气温似乎在刹那间降低了至少十度。
王叶呼出一口气，竟然有白雾升起。
“呵，真适合拍鬼片。要我是这里的鬼，我就找人合作，把小镇利用起来，到时赚到大量钱财，再有了大量资源，想做什么不能做？何必憋憋屈屈地窝在这里。”
“唉，这就是一群没见识的，你说再多他们也不知道外面世界变化，只以为还是几十年前那样。”
“他们就应该再等几年再闹腾，那时网络进入了千家万户，他们有了网络，就不会这么没见识了。就连搞鬼，都搞得一点都不吓人。疫病啊，他们就不能想出更好的主意吗？”
“还有预知梦。他们当现在的官方组织还是过去古时候那些买官的无脑废，还是只会读书的书生官？只要统计一下，很轻易就会发现那些人的梦境全都是同一个人的未来。”
“他们大概也想让你看到那个人的未来。但没想到用力过度，让你看到了……哎，等等，他们会不会不知道我看到了什么？”
雷木特别无语，王叶一个人扮两角，在那儿自言自语说得开心。
王叶摇头叹息：“应该再带一个人进来，看看他会梦见什么。”
“到了，就是这里。”雷木提醒。
王叶脚步微顿，看向右手边的人家。
进入这条小路就都是普通人家，每家每户都有前院后院，房屋是典型的三合屋式样。
其他户人家的院门都是打开状态，只有他面前的这户人家院门紧闭。
王叶跳进了院子里。
这家院子看起来要比其他家更整洁一些，院子里铺设的青石板都没有青苔，院子两边还种满了各种小蔬菜，甚至还有一个南瓜架子，笼罩了半个院子。
院子的回廊里还挂着不少干辣椒、干蒜头之类的干货。
生活气息非常浓厚。
这里一定有人居住。
王叶还听到了嘎吱嘎吱声。
瞅瞅半开的堂屋门，王叶就这么走了过去。
堂屋里竟然有一个老太太正在脚踩纺车织布中，那嘎吱嘎吱声就是纺车发出的声音。
老太太看到王叶进来，非常惊讶。
但老太太竟然没有害怕，还偏头对他很温和地笑了下，用当地土语说了什么。
“您好，我以为屋子里没人，抱歉打扰了。”王叶一副好孩子的模样说道。
雷木传音：“这是镇上少数几个没有死亡之力的地方，但只有这里让我感到最为平和。其他有活人的人家……你看过就知道了。”
王叶看向老太太。
老太太也没听懂王叶说的话，她又说了什么，停下织布站起身。
王叶忙过去扶住老太太。这位老太的年岁看着至少有九十，牙齿都掉光了，一笑就露出光秃秃的牙床，嘴巴也瘪着。
但老太太看着一点也不可怕，身上也没有老人特有的味儿，反而有着一股淡淡的不难闻的中药香。
“娃儿，别怕，奶奶不是鬼。你摸摸看，奶奶的手是热的。奶奶也没有病，不怕啊。”老太太反过来拍拍王叶的手背，和蔼地安抚道。
王叶干脆把自己的精神力和老太太的精神力相连，这样他就能直接理解老太太说的话。
老太太半点没有察觉，普通人的精神海对于擅长精神力的超凡者来说就是不设防的超市，可以随便来去。
王叶冲老太太眨眨眼睛，手臂扶着老太太稳稳的。
老太太看王叶没有躲闪，也没有逃跑，开心地笑了。
“好多年啦，镇子终于打开了吗？大家回来了吗？”
王叶心一酸，摇头：“没有，就我一个人过来，我是出来旅游，无意间中走到了这里。”
老太太发现自己竟然听懂了少年的话，但她没有意识到是王叶把意思直接传达给她，还以为王叶说的是当地土语，当即高兴地道：“娃儿，你是镇子谁家的后代啊？”
王叶在考虑要不要欺骗老太太，但他看着老太太满是期盼的眼神，到底还是摇了摇头：“不，我不是镇民的后代，我只是无意间走到这里。”
老太太叹息，眼中有惋惜也有失望，但老太太很快就把自己的情绪抛到一边，关心地问：“你怎么一个人跑到这里来了，这里外面都是大山，山上的野兽对外面人特别凶，多危险啊。”
“我也很厉害，那些野兽不是我的对手。”
老太太被逗笑，“娃儿，饿了吗？奶奶去给你弄点吃的。天色不早，今晚你是没法离开镇子了，今晚你就住奶奶家里，不要乱跑哈。”
王叶点头：“谢谢奶奶。”
老太太特别高兴。她走路很平稳，但她很享受王叶挽着她胳膊的感觉，就好像孙子在挽着奶奶散步一样。
她已经很久没有见到外人，也很久没有见到这个年龄的孩子，更很久没有人这么亲近她了。
老太太带着王叶去了灶房。
这里的厨房和餐厅都在一个很大的灶房里，当地人习惯自家人吃饭做活都在这儿，不是亲近的还不会带他来灶房。
灶房里最显眼的就是一个连着大烟囱的大土灶。
靠墙一边堆着一小堆木柴，土灶两米外就有一张大木桌，墙上挂着很多生活用具，大梁上还挂着腊肉香肠一类的腌制品。
老太太示意王叶坐到大木桌那儿，她自己走到土灶那里，揭开锅盖，用粗陶碗舀出里面温热的水，捏了一点红糖撒进去，端过来给王叶。
“娃儿，喝呀。”老太太还从一个柜子里摸出一小箩带壳的花生，也放到王叶面前。
王叶：“谢谢奶奶。”
老太太笑眯眯地看着少年，忍不住揉了揉他的脑袋。
王叶没有躲闪。
老太太看少年毫不嫌弃地端起粗陶碗喝里面的红糖水，更高兴。
“娃儿，你叫什么名字？家住哪里啊？”
“我叫王叶，我是钟山市人。”
“钟山市啊，好地方，离我们这儿好像很远。”
“是很远。奶奶，我一路过来好像都没有看到什么人？镇上的人都去哪里了？”王叶试探地问。
“很多人都离开了。”老太太忙活开，打算做晚饭。
王叶也过去帮忙。
老太太还想让王叶歇着，也不觉得小孩子能做好灶台的活，结果就看少年切腊肉切得飞快还极薄，不由没口地称赞少年刀工好，还夸王叶勤快。
王叶厚脸皮地道：“那是，世上再也没有比我更勤快的人了。奶奶，今晚您歇着，我露一手给您看，我做饭可好吃了。”
老太太笑得合不拢嘴。这个少年简直就是她理想中的孙子。
王叶一边咚咚咚地切着菜，一边问：“奶奶，镇上除了您，还有多少人？”
老太太毫无提防，或者说这个问题对她就不是很重要？她随口就回答道：“没多少人了，这些年好些老姐妹都走了，拢共就只剩下两三百人吧。”
王叶吃惊，这个镇子竟然还有这么多活人？
所以他一路上感觉到的目光并不是鬼魂，而是活人？
雷木传音：“不，这镇子有活人，也有……怪物。”
王叶继续询问老太太：“那剩下的这些人都要怎么生活？我看你们这儿好像与世隔绝很久了。”
老太太笑：“我们有田地，四面的城墙山上都有田地，虽然田地不多，但山上有丰富的山货，我们还有甘甜的泉水，后山还有盐洞，这是凤仙儿给镇子的馈赠，就是三年自然灾害的时候，我们这儿也没有人饿死。更何况这么多东西只要养活我们几百个人。”
“那你们这么多年一直都是自给自足？一直都没有再走出去过？”王叶忍不住问道。
老太太闲不住，就坐在藤椅上边剥着蒜皮，边说道：“是啊，凤仙儿说不能出去，出去会很危险。”
“奶奶，我来之前听说这里有个凤仙镇？是不是就是你们这里？以前你们这儿出过仙子？而且这位仙子还会不断轮回转世？她大概多久会出现一次？”
王叶身上挂着的“老人爱说古”buff自动发挥效果。
老太太给王叶一连串的问题问糊涂了，说了好一会儿才说道正题。
“你说凤仙儿啊，她出现的时期不定。但她只要出现，镇民们都会知道。”
“镇民们怎么会知道呢？”
“因为大家会做梦啊，凤仙儿只要转世出生，所有镇民都会梦见。每一代凤仙儿都无父无母，没有人知道她是谁的孩子。镇子上有些人会把生下的孩子扔到镇长家门口，或就扔在街市那里。凤仙儿就是这么出现的。这一代的凤仙也是。”
“这一代的凤仙？”
“这一代的凤仙小时候就只有这么点大，是我先发现的她，她大概出生才三天，全身红通通的，哭得都没力气了，就被人扔在我家门口。”老太太露出怀念的眼神。
“奶奶，你们这里的人经常做这种预知梦吗？”
“不会啊，就天石掉下来那年……”
“天石？”王叶发现异能局给他的资料中并没有这一条。
老太太毫无戒心地说：“就是天上掉下来的石头，凤仙儿说是星星的碎片掉下来啦。她说这石头不好，把它藏了起来。”
“然后镇民就开始做预知梦了？”
“也没有。在这之前还发生了……”老太太忽然抬头看向少年，奇怪地道：“你咋知道我们这里有人做预知梦？”
刺啦一声油响，王叶翻炒着锅中蔬菜和肉片，坦然地道：“我到这附近游玩，就做了很多功课，比如事先调查当地的风土人情和传说和美食等等。你们凤仙镇在这边还挺有名的，听说九十年代初期这边还闹出过大事，整个镇子的人都迁移了。后来凤仙镇就成了谁进谁死的地方。我就是好奇，才会翻过城墙山跑过来看。”
老太太生气：“外面的人不了解情况，就会胡说八道！娃儿，你可不能相信他们。我们镇子好得很，凤仙儿也好得很，当年会出事都是因为那些外地人还有外国人，还有镇长儿子！”
“哦？”这可和他了解到的完全不一样，竟然还有内情？
王叶忽有所觉，唰地打开因果卷。
因果卷血红一片。
王叶：“……”这个镇子关系重大？还是因为我看到了单天行上辈子的未来？
王叶下意识把精神力落到单天行的名字上，他想再次看看这个人的最后结局。
结果这次他竟然很轻松地就看到了单天行上辈子的结局。
明明上次在裂隙战场，他只看到一部分，就精神力耗尽再也看不下去。
一模一样！
因果卷中单天行上辈子的结局，和他之前那个梦境中经历的竟然完全相同。
但因果卷比梦境还多透露给他一个重要信息：单天行就是上辈子双月星最后一名纯人类，他死了，纯人类就彻底灭绝了。
王叶特别想拿锅铲敲自己的脑袋，他现在特明白为什么因果卷会变成血红一片。
因为他看到太多不该看到的未来！
而那些未来虽然都是上辈子发生的事情，但单天行作为纯人类的最后一人，他的一生其实透露了很多重要信息。
比如他那几个蓝星群岛朋友就跟他说了地球也出事了，还说出了出事的几个要因。
王叶心中突然一动。
先不问这个小镇是如何让他在梦中看到单天行的一生，如果他看到的是双月星最后一个人类的记忆，那么凤仙镇上那些镇民看到的记忆又是谁的？
对方会不会也是地球最后一个人类？
王叶目光落到了因果卷新出现的一个名字上。
柴桂花，一个特别普通的女子名。
王叶的精神力虚虚悬浮在这个名字上空，他把精神力试探地伸进去，却差点被吸空，吓得他立刻撤出精神力。
王叶看向正在絮絮叨叨说古的老太太。
这位老太太怎么看都不像是能活到最后的人，但这世上看似不可能却就是出现的事还少吗？
他会怀疑镇民的预知梦都是来自这名老太太，就是因为异能局给他的资料上有写明，说根据统计，所有镇民的预知梦都类似，也就是说大家都做了同样一个梦，而梦中他们的视角更像是一名女子，做事说话也更像。
换言之，镇民在梦中也变成了那个她，他们看到、经历的都是她看到和经历的。
王叶古怪地一笑，凭空拿出一块豆腐和一块鲜肉，打算做老人适合吃的麻婆豆腐。
冥冥中似乎有一双手，把他推到了这座他上辈子从没有来过，连听都没有听过的小镇。
系统还特地发布了调查这个小镇镇民真正的迁徙原因的任务。
王叶早就觉过味儿，系统发给他的任务从来都是无利不起早，绝不会随便发任务给他，更不会随便给他高额奖励。
天石……
凤仙儿……
这两者根本不重要，重要的是他做的那个梦！
王叶超级不爽。
他愿意做什么，那是他自己愿意。
可现在他却有种被推手不断推动的被逼迫感。
尤其想到他辛辛苦苦救世——如果真的能救得了的话，他却不得不背负大量因果。
其实因果返还早就开始了，他的师父们一个个失踪就是因果“报应”之一。
只不过这次不是死亡，而是跑到了别的世界。
接下来是不是金宝、小云、靳蜘蛛他们也会失踪？
小光和雷木是不是也会不见？
预言者从来没有好下场！知道那么多未来是好事吗？
没见因果卷的深红程度比上次还要深。
呵！王叶冷笑。
想利用他，也得看他愿不愿意。
真逼急了他，大家一起玩完！
第379章 当年弃镇的真相
雷木的精神力轻轻触碰王叶，细丝挠了挠他的手背。
王叶突然抬手，咬了口细丝。
雷木：“……”
王叶恨恨地道：“爸爸就不是龙傲天的设定，美女都没给我配一个，还想让我干活？更是白干活，干得好没奖励，干得不好就惩罚，做梦！”
雷木好笑：“不是给你配了一堆师父吗？”
王叶立刻道：“那我师父们呢？我好不容易养到现在的师父们，竟然都给我弄没了。这也就是老靳真身还没苏醒，时校长还在陨星，否则是不是都能给我搞没了？现在是他们，那以后是你怎么办？”
雷木……无言以对。
王叶越想越生气。
他一点都不想做主角，更不想当救世主，不是客气，是真的一点都不想。
所以除了涉及到陨星和几个师父以及雷木的任务，他有认真做以外，其他任务他都有点……得过且过。
他是很关心智慧寄生族的事以及长生会的事，但能扛的大佬们都在，他一个十几岁的小破孩冒什么头、装什么大拿？
他就算真的跑去调查，恐怕大佬们还嫌弃他碍事。
他师父们大概会给他再加几十门新课程。
再说几十亿地球玩家摆在那里是好看的吗？他能给玩家发布世界任务为什么不发布？
王叶不承认他在偷懒，就是……能自己做背后那只推手，干嘛冒头做主角？
Wang Ye didn't admit that he was lazy, that is, ...... can be the driving force behind him, why do you want to be the protagonist?
嫌事情不够多吗？ Don't think there's enough to do?
他要养家，还要学习那么多知识，还要教孩子，偶尔还要发展一下自己的爱好，他很忙很累事很多的好吗？
He has to support his family, he has to learn so much knowledge, he has to teach his children, and occasionally he has to develop his own hobbies, he is very busy and tired a lot, okay?
养几个娃儿养几个老头再养好自己，没事学点新知识，有空了就做做菜炼炼药，跟一家老小拌拌嘴，再驾驶虫巢到处吃喝玩乐，顺便找找修炼资源，这样的日子多美啊。
Raise a few babies, raise a few old men, and then raise yourself, learn some new knowledge if you have nothing to do, cook and refine medicines when you have time, mix with the family, and then drive the insect nest to eat, drink and have fun everywhere, and find cultivation resources by the way, how beautiful such a day is.
天天追着寄生虫跑？ Running after parasites every day?
有事没事和几大教派还有国家势力玩心眼玩手段？
更得累死累活调查这调查那，还得卖力跟人拼命？ I have to work hard to investigate this and that, and I have to work hard with people?
这样的日子，谁愿意过谁去过！ Whoever wants to live such a day will go!
反正他不想。
他就爱做一个小人物，顶多在背后搞搞破坏、推一把什么的。
He loves to be a little person, at most he will do sabotage and push behind his back.
但是！好嘛，他这边刚把双月星的事安排得差不多（甩开），地球这边就开始找他麻烦了。
But! Well, as soon as he arranged the matter of the Double Moon Star on his side (got rid of it), the Earth side began to trouble him.
看看，他不过回趟地球考个小学毕业考，这就被绊住了。还是连环套连环绊！
Look, he just went back to Earth to take the primary school graduation exam, and he was stumped. It's still a chain of trips!
那个未知的大推手一个劲把他当苦力操。 The unknown big pusher him like a coolie.
典型的大鱼吃小鱼，小鱼吃虾米。
推人时时爽，被人推就很不爽了。
被大鱼推的小鱼王小叶切豆腐切出了切冬瓜的气势，唰唰唰！
老太太惊讶地看着砧板上出现的豆腐和鲜肉，她家里没这些菜啊，这都怎么来的？
“咚咚咚！”王叶剁鲜肉剁得砧板一片血红，发狠道：“要是把木木你也给搞没了，爸爸就按照预言说得来，不是说我会灭世吗，我就灭给祂看！”
他可不是这么被动挨打的人。小鱼也有小鱼的活法，被小鱼吃掉的大鱼还少吗？
不过到底要怎么吃，他还得仔细琢磨琢磨。
首先他得把这个凤仙镇的幕后boss给拽出来，对方能坑到他，哪怕这个家伙的攻击手法似乎只能让人做预知梦，也很了不得。
王叶可是很清楚自己的精神力到底有多强，那是绝对不亚于他的师父们的，甚至比他们的师父们还强上一些。对方能在小心防备下还能拉他入梦，其他不说，精神力等级绝对超过他一个等级以上。
也就是说对方的精神力等级很可能突破了十一级。
十一级啊，双月星都见不到的厉害家伙，抓住了以后吃了是不是会大补？
王叶忍不住舔了舔嘴唇。
雷木心脏颤了颤，刚刚他突然冒出一股说不出的危机感。
预言之所以让那么多人相信和在意，就是因为它出现的可能性非常高。
小叶子重生后已经努力改变了很多事情，但过程改变，不一定就能百分百地改变结局。
何况小叶子因为上辈子的经历，是真患有严重的心理依赖症，这种依赖不是说小叶子要靠他们生活，而是要能在他眼睛能看到的范围、要能让他全盘了解、要让他知道他们都好那种安心感。
现在几位师父全都莫名其妙地失踪，虽然也都知道他们具体去了哪里，也知道他们有应对危险的实力，但王叶看不到、不了解，就足以影响他的心境。
如果他和金宝他们，谁再有一个失踪，小叶子恐怕不是开玩笑，他是真的会为了找人把天都捅破了。
“叶子，我就要挪根了，龙头骨花盆的养分已经给我吸收完，现在它已经不足以继续做我的花盆。我打算……把我的根系种在你的虫巢里，你觉得如何？”
雷木说第一个字的时候还有些犹豫，但说到最后一个字时，他的决心已经不可动摇。
王叶还没意识到雷木说的话代表了什么，他只是单纯地高兴，特别开心地道：“好啊好啊，你就种在我的虫巢里，这样除非我死，否则谁都无法把你抢走！”
雷木的精神力揉了揉少年的头发。
王叶高兴，又加了一个红烧兔肉，这兔子肉可不是袋鼠国的兔子，那些兔子都只剩下一张皮了，这是虫巢里特别养殖的肉兔，肉质特别细嫩。
小光它们一天到晚就盯着这些兔子流口水。
老太太揉了揉眼睛，她发誓她眼睛没花，她真的又看到少年拿出了一只已经扒好皮的兔子。
“娃儿，你这些东西都是哪里来的？这是五鬼搬运术吗？”大约亲自抚养了凤仙儿，老太太也是一个有见识有胆量的人，甚至还想到王叶是不是个小道士之类。
王叶转头冲老太太咧嘴笑，不知为何，老太太忽然觉得这孩子笑得怎么这么瘆人呢？
“没错，类似五鬼搬运术，不过我这个不能平白拿，我拿了多少就得还回去多少。”王叶意有所指地哼了哼。
手一晃，一袋、两袋、三袋五公斤装的大米出现，又一晃，灶台上又多了三袋同样五公斤装的面粉。
王叶还把这三袋大米和三袋面粉都装到了老太太平时用来储存米面的大缸里，又在墙边放了一箱子袋装盐和一箱子袋装白糖，看老太太这边酱油也没有多少，又给她放了三桶酱油。
最后醋、料酒、豆油也各给三桶。
老太太目瞪口呆，赶忙道：“不用不用，我有吃的，不用你给我。”
“奶奶，您就当是孙子孝敬您的好了。这么点大米白面和盐油酱醋在外面根本花不了多少钱，还是您想我付住宿费给您？而且今晚我做一顿，后面我可指望您做给我吃呢。”王叶对付这种老人特别有一套。
老太太心里感动，但还是一个劲说给得太多了。
王叶笑嘻嘻道：“那是您不知道我以后要在您这里住多久，我可是打算见过那位凤仙儿再离开。我还想见见那块天石。”
“你住多久都行。奶奶这里有干净屋子给你住。”老太太这话说得真心实意。
“但天石不好，不要去找它。”老太太认真道。
王叶点头：“好，我不会去主动找它。”如果它主动找我麻烦，那就是另一回事了。
老太太放心了，笑道：“你想见凤仙儿？”
“嗯。”
“她已经很久没见外人了。”老太太看天色又暗了一些，就把油灯点亮了。
王叶这才意识到这个镇子恐怕已经断电断水很久。
“奶奶，您给我说说当年的事吧。”王叶干脆又拿出一板鸡蛋和新鲜的鸡毛菜，打算做个蛋花菜秧汤。
麻婆豆腐、红烧兔肉、腊肉炒三鲜，都是重口的菜，汤就清淡一点，再来一锅能煮出锅巴的柴火饭，今晚晚饭保证香得能让老太太多吃几碗。
经过王叶这个魔厨烹饪，这些饭菜吃了只会对老太太有好处，不会有半点坏处。
After Wang Ye's cooking by the magic chef, eating these meals will only be good for the old lady, and there will be no harm at all.
咕咚，王叶好像听到了咽口水的声音。 Boom, Wang Ye seemed to hear the sound of swallowing saliva.
王叶不动声色地让饭菜的香味变得更诱人。
饭菜出锅时，那香味馋得虫巢里的金宝都在里面打滚了，闹着要出来吃。
王叶就把每份饭菜都分了一半放入虫巢。
老太太看到饭菜少了一半，猜想这大概就是交换了。
王叶把饭菜都端上桌，给老太太先盛了一碗汤。
这算是调适。
老太太身体虽然比同龄人都健康得多，但她仍旧是一个普通人，身体机能和各个器官都已经老化。
他做的食物虽然不是魔食，但也算不上普通料理，哪怕对老太太身体有益无害，也还是需要先让她的身体器官适应一下。就好像跑步之前总要先做一些准备运动。
哪怕她从头到尾亲眼看到这些饭菜都是王叶做出来的，包括他用那个土灶都用得溜溜的，但老太太看着眼前一桌子美味佳肴，仍旧惊讶万分。
男孩子在这个年纪能做出这么一桌饭菜，在老太太看来那已经不是懂事，而是神奇。
一个会五鬼搬运术还会做饭做菜又很心善的小道士，老太太这么单方面认定了王叶的身份。
老太太在吃之前，犹豫了一下，对王叶道：“我家有供奉凤仙儿的习惯，奶奶想要先夹一些菜饭……”
“您随意，就我们俩也吃不了这么多。如果凤仙愿意过来，可以和我们一起吃。”王叶热情邀请。
老太太摇摇头：“她应该不想见外人。”
对，她不见，她就爱偷窥，还会吞口水。王叶表示理解。
老太太去橱柜拿了一个深口大碟子出来，每样菜夹了一些，还盛了一碗饭，半罐子汤，用篮子装起来，走出灶房，过了一会儿才回来。
王叶的精神力一直在尾随她。
他看到老太太走到后院，把篮子放到了井台上。
老太太回来，水井里突然伸出一只手，几乎是迫不及待地把篮子抓了下去。
王叶：“……”为什么他有看搞笑鬼片的既视感？
而且这个凤仙为什么要住在水井里？
王叶为免打草惊蛇，收回了精神力。
老太太只喝了一口汤，就沉醉在王叶做的饭菜中。
真的太好吃了！
而且吃起来特别舒服，且不费牙齿，哪怕那个红烧兔肉，她用假牙也能轻易咀嚼，肉质极嫩。
饭后，王叶提议去镇子里散步，惹笑了老太太。
“我们这里可不兴晚上出去散步。”
老太太既然当王叶是小道士，就和他说了实话：“我们镇上当年死了太多人，有太多冤魂，一到晚上就不得安宁。如果不是凤仙儿保护着我们这些还活着的人，可能这座镇早就变成了真正的鬼镇。”
老太太叹息一声。招呼王叶就在灶台前坐下，借着灶台里的余火光亮，和王叶说话。
“凤仙啊，她小时候就是个小团子，调皮得很。好多人家都想养她，但她只喜欢我柴桂花，大家就让她住在我家里，平时都由我照顾他，大家一起出米粮养活小凤仙。”老太太很骄傲地说。
“……后来凤仙长大了，大家想让她去考大学，凤仙自己也想去，就去啦。但她一走，镇子就坏事了。镇长儿子带来了十来个外地人，其中还有一个是外国人，他们看中镇子，说要把这里弄成旅游镇。大家听说能赚很多钱，都心动啦。”
“但凤仙突然赶回来，她跟镇长说镇子不能开发，必须保持原样，尤其四周围的城墙山绝对不能动。”
“镇长儿子在外面上过大学，还出国留学了，自认是个有见识的，认为凤仙和镇民都目光短浅，还迷信，就让他老子不要听凤仙和大家的。镇长耳根软，又只有这么一个宝贝儿子，就还是偏向了儿子。”
老太太说的故事很长。
王叶听完，总结了一下，大意就是：
镇长儿子为了给镇里招商引资，引来了几个有钱商人，有华夏人也有外国人。
经过他们带来的专家勘测和研究，他们认为本地极有开发价值，非常适合开发为度假山庄和旅游小镇，还能作为电影拍摄地出租。
大部分镇民们站在凤仙那边，认为镇里的建筑和城墙山都不能随便动，更不要说在山里和小镇里大动土木。
也有一部分想要赚钱的镇民在镇长的带领下，站在了开发商那边，认为这是镇子富裕起来的绝好机会，不能放过。
双方吵得很厉害，最后凤仙为了镇民，决定退后一步，允许开发商在她的许可范围内动工，并指明哪些地方绝对不能碰也不能改。
开发商表示要考虑考虑。
然后这些人竟然特意跑去调查凤仙划出来说绝对不能碰不能改的地方，因为有镇民带路，他们竟然发现了凤仙藏天石的地方。
那名外国开发商在看到天石的次日突然强烈要求带走天石，表示愿意出重金购买。
凤仙严词拒绝。
但镇长儿子一听那个报价就晕了，他几次去找凤仙谈判，都没有谈拢。找他爸去和凤仙谈，也被拒绝。
凤仙发现那些开发商竟然违背当初说好的地点，开始探查那些她要求绝对不允许碰不允许改的地方，还随便带走那些地方的水土和动植物昆虫作为研究标本，顿时大怒。
凤仙翻脸，不允许那些开发商再进入镇子半步，并驱使野兽把他们都赶出了镇子和城墙山。
镇长父子以及部分镇民对凤仙不满。
凤仙对全镇人说：有些地方绝对不能动，那是守护镇子的根本，一旦动了，镇子必将遭遇大难，甚至会祸害到无数人。
但镇长儿子认为凤仙是在恐吓镇民，认为传说都是假的，凤仙只是想要利用迷信来巩固自己在镇子中的地位。
至于凤仙能驱使野兽这点，镇长儿子认为凤仙只是会驯兽而已。
但那个外国人还有几个开发商却对能驱使野兽的凤仙十分感兴趣，那个外国人更是对天石势在必得，他们在外面联络镇长儿子，出了更高价格购买天石和……凤仙。
镇长儿子离开，那些商人也走了。
时间过去将近一年，镇上的人都已经把开发的事丢到了脑后。
凤仙也回到大学继续上课，有一天，她收到几个女孩的消息。
那几个女孩都是镇上和凤仙玩得好的，后来离开镇子去外面或打工或上学。
女孩告诉凤仙，她们在外面被人偷了钱包和手机，被一个旅店扣下，请凤仙去帮她们付钱赎人。
凤仙知道那几个女孩很单纯，信以为真，就去了那家旅店。
凤仙和那几个女孩失踪了整整半年的时间。
但因为其中一个女孩一直在联络镇子，并给凤仙等人的学校和工作单位打电话请长假，说家里有事，不管是学校还是镇民都不知道她们在外面失踪的事。
而这半年里，镇长儿子和那个外国人以及几个确定要合作开发的商人又来了。
这次再没有人阻挠。
镇长笼络了不少镇民，压过了其他不同意的镇民，加上县里也希望能看到下面的村镇能越过越好，就同意了开发申请。
部分镇民紧急联络凤仙，却怎么都联络不上。
开发开始了，一些凤仙曾经说过不准碰不准改的地方都动了，开发商还在山中风景最好的天湖边推平了一座山头，打算在那里围湖修建度假别墅。
为了造景，他们还截断了一条溪流，引流到另一个地方改成一个小型瀑布。
而那个外国商人则成天和那天石待在一起。
“一天，镇上的人突然就开始做起预知梦，大家都能梦到未来一天内发生的事情。一开始大家还只是稀奇，但当他们从预知梦中发现他们可以改变他们的未来后，镇子就乱了。”
老太太的神情很是怪异。
王叶猜测老太太是否知晓镇民们看到的就是她上辈子的未来？
当然，他认为镇民们看到的是老太太上辈子的未来也只是他的推测。
“紧接着怪病突然爆发。就是怪病一爆发，大家就不再做预知梦了。头一批生病的都是动工的工人，男的脸上身上长出疙瘩，皮肤开始腐烂流出脓水，女人身上则长出奇怪的触须……”
“女人身上长触须？”王叶惊，这点特事局也没有记载。
所以当年特事局到底在档案中隐瞒了多少事情？
对了，听方老说，好像就是在这个案子之后他接手了特事局？
老太太点头：“就是触须，像是虫须一样，身上到处都长，还会动。然后那个外国人就突然发疯了，他不知道从哪里带来的枪，竟然对那些工人开枪，把他们都打死了。”
王叶傻眼，没想到还有这么一个发展。
“然后呢？”
老太太叹息：“然后那个外国人就喊着别人听不懂的话，胡乱开枪。等他子弹打完，大家才敢上去把他绑起来。镇民要报警，但镇长儿子却说不能，说如果报警，这里就再也无法开发，镇子出了这样的怪事，死了这么多人，大家会恐惧我们镇子，以后镇子将永远穷下去。”
“镇长儿子就和那几个商人商谈，说要把那些被枪打死的工人的死亡原因都说成是山体塌方被压死，尸体也没有办法再挖出来，还要镇民集体沉默并按照他们的说法说。”
王叶皱眉：“镇子里有警员吧，他们什么反应？”
“镇子里就两个警员，他们一个是镇长的大侄子，还有一个……根本说不上话，那个年轻人还被关了起来。”老太太往灶台里丢了根木柴。
“镇民呢？难道所有镇民都同意镇长儿子的建议？”王叶不信。
老太太道：“大多数镇民都不同意，就连镇长都犹豫了，大家都看到那些工人变成什么样。”
“那时，镇长和部分镇民终于想起凤仙的话，他们不敢再动工，还要求开发商把一切还原。开发商不愿意，还说镇子违反合约要赔他们大笔损失费，大家又闹起来。”
“然后……更多的病人出现了，男的无一例外都是身上脸上长满疙瘩然后就开始浑身腐烂，女人身上则是长出几十根触须，这些生病的人全都是去做工的镇民。”
“接着，镇长儿子也开始浑身腐烂。镇上的医生没办法治疗他们，让镇长和开发商把病人送到县城去看。”
“但开发商也害怕了，他们想要逃跑，但他们还没有跑出城墙山，就被山里的野兽给咬死了。”老太太竟然露出了笑容，“凤仙回来了。”
老太太的笑容特别快意，就像是大仇得报。
王叶猜测凤仙儿和那几个镇民女孩失踪半年的遭遇大概很不好。
只要想到这几个女孩失踪后遇到的事情，王叶就又忍不住担心起几位师父来。
“凤仙有办法治疗那些人吗？”王叶问。
老太太摇头：“凤仙说她没办法治。镇长和镇民们跪着求她都没有用，凤仙说当年镇子和城墙山镇压了邪魔，整个城墙山和镇子就是一个大阵，那些开发商破坏了大阵的节点，还破坏了大阵的能量供应，导致大阵无法再压制邪魔。何况那些工人还把邪魔从地底下挖了出来。”
“邪魔是什么？”
老太太像是也不太清楚：“凤仙说是一种带毒的远古怪兽，古时候人没办法对付这种怪兽，也没有办法解怪兽的毒，就只能把它封印起来，希望它能死在漫长的时间中。”
王叶又问：“工人们把这个怪兽挖出来了吗？”
“不知道。开发商不让我们随便去工地，工地做了什么、挖出来什么、带进来带走什么，我们都不知道，包括去帮工的镇民也搞不清楚，因为镇民一开始都不愿意动工，先动工的都是那些工人，后来见工人做了没事，镇民们才敢跟着干，哪想到……”
“后来镇民们都生病了吗？” "Did the townsfolk get sick later?"
老太太怅然：“镇民们知道凤仙也没办法治疗那些生病的人，大家就跪求凤仙，让他们离开镇子。凤仙同意了，但不允许他们把病人带出去，说不管男女只要生病，踏出镇子范围就会死。”
“有些人不信邪，偷偷把病人带出去，但还没有过城墙山就死了。”
“后来那些逃出去的人就编了借口，说镇子里在闹疫病，又说他们在镇子里做梦，梦见只要再在镇子里待上一个月就会全都死光光。”
“但逃出去的那个年轻警员可能跟上面说了什么。上面就又派人来调查，但那时镇子已经不能进了，进来的人都会生病。那时凤仙还没有找到那个邪魔。只要没有找到邪魔，没有让镇子和城墙山恢复原样，那邪魔的力量就会继续肆虐。”
“凤仙就亲自出面和外面的人谈，承认镇子里在闹非常厉害、致死率非常高的疫病，让他们不要再派人进来，并让他们把小镇外面都封锁起来，不要再让外人进来。”
老太太长长叹气：“好多年了，我都没想到我能活到现在。要不是凤仙，镇子里剩下的人都活不了。”
王叶意识到一点：“当年镇子上的男子是不是都跑了，只有女人留了下来？”
“嗯，女人也走了不少，只要没得病的差不多都走了，我舍不得凤仙儿，就主动留了下来。”老太太笑，“其实是我舍不得离开镇子，我已经习惯这里的生活，去哪儿都不会快活。”
王叶也认可：“凤仙镇很美丽。”
老太太更高兴了。
所以当王叶问出“镇子上留下来的女子是不是九成身上都长了触须”这个问题时，老太太也没有生气。
她默认了。
王叶还有最后一个问题：“那个外国人死了吗？”
老太太迟疑片刻，才回答：“他失踪了。本来大家是要把他带出去交给警察的，但到了关押他的镇警所，却发现他不见了。当时镇子很混乱，谁也不知道他是什么时候跑掉的。凤仙找他也没找到。”
第380章 找到外国商人
金宝在虫巢里一边听故事，一边吃饭，冷不丁道：“爸叽没有收集美女，但爸叽收集了好多老头老太。”
“噗！”虫巢里的老小全都喷了。
雷木忍笑，他早已经发现这个事实。他们家小叶子老人缘特别好，上个年纪的就爱在他面前叨叨，什么秘密都愿意说，还各种心疼他。
不过这也是小叶子对这些老人也比较好的缘故？
王叶：“……”小兔崽子三天不打上房揭瓦，给我等着！
陡然，系统的机械音在王叶脑中响起：【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，调查出凤仙镇民当年迁徙的真正原因，任务完成，奖励十万点经验值。】
【任务发布！玩家隔壁小王从当年幸存镇民柴桂花口中得知镇民迁徙真相，但导致镇民死亡和迁徙的罪魁祸首还没有消失，请隔壁小王设法找出罪魁祸首并消灭其，任务完成，奖励经验值一百万点。请问隔壁小王，是否接受任务？】
王叶对系统一堆怨言，但哪怕只是为了提升自己的玩家等级，他也不得不接受任务。
晚上，王叶睡觉时特意没有进入虫巢，就在房间里等着。
不过那东西也警觉，只是偷窥他。
王叶不急，吃了他的还想跑掉，怎么可能呢？
同时一股精神力不断试探他，想要刺入他的精神海。
王叶尝试去捕捉这道精神力，对方却一探即走。
夜深人静，王叶的身影从屋里消失。
后院水井里的存在压根就没发现王叶不见了。
王叶听到了鬼魂的哀嚎声。
那些死去的鬼魂不得安息，仍旧日日夜夜被全身腐蚀的痛苦折磨。
他们游荡在镇子里，试图抓出活人泄愤。
他们做错了什么？
他们只是去干活，他们只是想要赚钱养家，为什么让他们变成这样？为什么！
痛恨、不甘、委屈、悲痛……
负面能量纠结成灰黑色的雾气弥漫在整个小镇中。
小镇中的温度低得吓人。
只有几户人家的院子和房屋没有被黑雾侵袭，其中就包括老太太家的。
王叶在这些人家都转了一圈，发现这些房子里住的都是身体完好的女性，只不过年纪都比较大了，这样的活人只有五个。
王叶也看到了那些身体长有触须的女人，她们竟然在晚上出来干活，整理自家院子里的田地，到附近山田除草施肥。还有人收拾店铺、织布编藤、用菜种榨油等。
这些女人脸部和四肢看起来还和正常人类差不多，但她们的头发全部掉光，头顶也长出了十几根触须，还有手背、手臂、肩膀、腹部和腿部都有。
镇子上那些鬼魂似乎十分惧怕这些女人，压根不敢靠近她们。
这些触须女在黑雾中行走，也犹如白昼一般，视线似乎丝毫都没有受到阻碍。
这些触须女还能彼此交谈，但她们说话的方式却不是用嘴巴，而是抖动身上的触须。
王叶最终来到镇办事处。
这个警办事处的建筑很有意思，像是古时候的县衙，镇子办公的地方都集中在这里，包括镇警所。
王叶特地去关押人的牢房看了看，这个牢房同样具有古时候的牢房特色，不过被改建过，地面和墙壁都用水泥抹过，但栅栏门没换，都是特别结实的木料，隔个几年刷上一层桐油，粗黑结实得跟铁棍一样。
牢房里都没有窗户，也没有明显破损的地方。
王叶在每间牢房里都走了一遍，一共就五间牢房，长久没有住人，但这里竟然不见半点蛛丝网，只特别阴湿。
王叶在最尽头最大的牢房里停下脚步。
他在这里的墙壁上看到一行英文，字迹发黑，像是沾血写出来的。
王叶露出微笑，终于找到一点有用的东西。手指在墙上轻轻一抹，手中就凝出了一点血粉。
有了这血粉，不管那外国商人是死是活，只要他还在地球上，他就能找到对方。
不过对方留了这句话也很有意思，写的是：
【魔鬼、地震、怪物、疫病、伪神、饥饿、战争、陨石，世界毁灭！】
结合单天行对蓝星群岛的记忆，这句话写的很像是地球发生过哪些灾难，甚至把顺序都写出来了。
看来那名外国商人也做了预知梦，而且他比镇民梦到的更多，他应该是看到了地球最后一人完整的一生。
那么能让人做预知梦的关键就是那天石？
【任务发布！玩家隔壁小王找到当年的坚果国商人留下来的信息，请找到对方的尸体，任务完成，奖励一万点经验值。】
王叶勾唇，这一万点经验值就相当于是白送给他的。
王叶凭空绘制寻踪魔法阵，血粉撒入阵中，魔法阵收缩，血粉变成箭头，浮空而起。
王叶跟在箭头后面，走出小镇，向城墙山北边而去。
王叶在城墙山的北山找到了那个外国商人的尸体。
尸体在一个洞穴中，这个洞穴竟然是一个天然冰窖，里面还结着冰。
外国商人的尸体被封在冰层里，尸体完好，但干瘪异常，就像是被什么东西吸干了一样。
王叶手一挥，冰层裂开，干尸向他飞来。
王叶手掌按住干尸的头部。
干尸的灵魂早就消失，精神力也早已消失得干干净净。
干尸落地，化为灰烬，只一块镶钻的手表落在地上。
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王找到坚果国商人尸体，获得经验值奖励一万点。】
【任务发布！请玩家隔壁小王查明坚果国商人死亡的真相，查明其留下线索的原因和意义。根据任务完成度，奖励十万点到五十万点经验值。】
“他的精神核被什么东西吸收吞噬了。”王叶结下任务后，判断道。
雷木回应：“天石？”
王叶觉得九成就是那东西。
“木木，你没有受到影响吗？”
“你是说为什么我没有做梦？”雷木思考：“大约是我的主体在虫巢中的缘故？也有可能对方的精神力无法影响植物。”
王叶搓搓下巴，看向山野的眼神就像一只贪婪饥饿的狼。
“天石、凤仙，还有当初那些工人们挖出来导致他们疾病的东西。让我们一样样把他们找出来吧。”
王叶捡起那块价值百万的手表，转身离开了冰洞。
这块手表被冻这么多年竟然还在走动，而且时间准确，可见质量之优异。他拿去和异能局换一些凤仙镇人能用的东西，也算是这个商人给凤仙镇人的些微补偿。
开发小镇没有错，也算是合作共赢。但为了开发为了赚钱，为了得到自己想要的东西，就搞诈骗、绑架、甚至买卖人口却绝对不可原谅。
次日一大早，天还没亮，老太太就起来做早饭，熬的稀粥，炒的土豆丝。
用柴火做出来的饭菜有着特殊的味道。
王叶闻着味儿找出来，就着单用麻椒炒出来的土豆丝，吃了好几大碗稀粥。
老太太看着外面阴沉沉的天空，叹息。
王叶抬头：“奶奶，您有什么心事吗？”
老太太犹豫，过了一会儿才说道：“娃儿，你是不是道士呀，会不会给亡灵超度？如果你会，奶奶有件事想麻烦你。”
老太太伸手从衣服兜里掏出一个折叠在一起的手帕，慢慢打开，里面是一叠纸票，从十元到一角都有。
老太太把手帕放到王叶面前，很是羞愧地道：“奶奶没有多少钱，这是奶奶的全部存款，奶奶想请你给镇子里那些亡灵超度，让他们能安安生生地离开，不要再那么痛苦下去。”
系统也跟着同时发布了新的任务，问王叶是否接受老太太的委托。
王叶笑笑，伸手收起手帕：“好，这个任务我接了。”
老太太笑了，特别高兴。
第381章 见凤仙
王叶没耽搁，吃过早饭就来到了小镇中心，也就是那条商业街上。
老太太很热心地想要帮忙：“你要摆祭坛吗？需要三牲六畜吗？我可以找人凑一凑。”
王叶摇头，蹲到地上开始画魔法阵。
老太太不太懂王叶在做什么。
王叶就跟她解释：“流派不同而已，我这个也是祭坛，是通过阵法来召唤这里的鬼魂，然后我会动手帮他们洗去身上的负能量，让他们能够轻松离去。”
老太太笑得露出牙床：“能让他们轻松离开就好，他们被困这么多年也可怜，要不是我看不到他们，只能感受到他们的痛苦，我都想劝劝他们。”
王叶偏头：“实际上，这里的鬼魂并不是真正拥有自己意识的灵魂，它们更像是负能量的集结体。因为人在冤屈、痛苦、仇恨状态下死亡，精神力最容易被激发。人死后，这段饱含了负能量的精神力如果获得一定能量补充，就会像是电波一样存在于世间，甚至能维持很长时间。凤仙不让你接近它们是对的，那会扰乱人的正常磁场。”
老太太很懂地点点头：“鬼魂是负能量波，我懂。凤仙儿上过大学，她跟我说过。她也让我们不要迷信，还跟我解释过她为什么会不断轮回转世。”
“哦？她怎么解释的？”王叶终于对这个凤仙多了一点兴趣。
"Oh? How does she explain it? Wang Ye finally became a little more interested in this phoenix.
老太太却摇摇头说：“这个不能告诉你，这是凤仙儿的秘密。凤仙儿不同意，我就不会说出去。”
The old lady shook her head and said, "I can't tell you this, this is Feng Xian'er's secret." If Feng Xian'er doesn't agree, I won't say it. ”
王叶也感叹老太太的单纯，老太太太相信他了，如果他是坏人，只老太太说她知道凤仙不断轮回转世的秘密，以后恐怕就要不得安生了。
很多秘密，不是知晓者不想说就不会泄露。 There are many secrets, and if those who know don't want to say it, they won't leak it.
这世上有太多让人说出秘密的方法。 There are so many ways to tell your secrets.
王叶甚至感觉到一股杀气，那杀气应该是冲他来的，大概是怕他伤害老太太吧。
王叶画召唤魔法阵很快，画好就拉着老太太退开，拿了一把沙发椅让她坐下，又在她周围画了一个保护魔法阵。
“桂花奶奶，这事以后不要再跟别人说，外面想要长生不老的人很多，像凤仙儿这样能不断轮回转世的在别人看来也是一种长生手段，他们为了知道其中秘密，什么事都干得出来。”
“奶奶知道。奶奶看得出来你是好孩子，否则不会跟你说这些。”老太太抿着嘴乐，小心在沙发椅上坐下。
她一辈子都没坐过沙发椅，稀奇得不得了，枯瘦的手掌来回摩挲椅子副手，还按了按沙发垫。
杀气消失，但被偷窥感还在。
王叶随便那个凤仙儿偷看，他激活了魔法阵。
这个魔法阵的作用就是强行召唤方圆百里内所有亡灵、鬼魂等脱离肉体的精神体。
其中也包括镇子里这种饱含负面情绪的负能量集合体。
王叶跟老太太说这些鬼魂不是鬼魂，并没有说谎。
鬼魂和亡灵都不是那么容易形成，需要极为苛刻的条件，就算形成，想要存留下来更难。
这个镇子里看似鬼魂的负能量体，不过是加入了一段强烈负面情绪和一小段记忆的能量波。
王叶超度它们，可比超度撒家地宫里那些有着完整意识和完整魂核的亡灵容易得多。
小镇的天空原本就阴沉沉的，在王叶激活召唤魔法阵后，大量灰黑色的雾气从小镇中升起，还有一些雾气从城墙山方向往这边聚拢。
很快大量灰黑色雾气都凝聚到了一处，全都跑到了商业街来。
老太太坐在沙发椅上，看着那几乎把商业街挤满的黑色云朵，微微张开了嘴巴。
凤仙镇整体规模并不大，九十年代初期那会儿，总人数也只有两千不到。在行政等级划分上，实际上和村子也没什么区别。
但当年那场突然而来的怪病让镇民死得七七八八，加上那些被开发商带来的工人，死亡人口已经超过一千。
别看一千这个数字不多，你真的让一千个人站到一起就知道有多少了。
如今这一千多的负能量体全都集结到商业街，甚至在商业街的上空形成了厚厚的黑云。
老太太看到了无数张人脸，他们在黑云中痛苦嘶吼，像是在质问，又像是在疯狂哭喊。
一只手伸向老太太的椅子。
嘶！那只手又猛地缩回。
手的主人惊讶地看向那围绕沙发椅一圈的小孩涂鸦，这跟她学过的阵法知识完全不一样，可一样厉害，至少可以阻止她进入圈内。
但手的主人反而很高兴，她不能进入，就代表那些聚集的负能量体也不能进入这个圈，老太太就是安全的。
老太太和手的主人一起看向少年和黑云。
商业街两边的房屋内也不断有黑影站到窗口位置，看向外面。
小镇中不断有东西集中并靠近商业街。
一声奇特的叫声响起。
所有蠢蠢欲动的黑影都停下了攻击计划，她们只是看着商业街中心那个少年。
“你被围观了。”雷木提醒他。
王叶无所谓，他拿出了二胡。
这把二胡从材料到制作工艺都再度进化，已经从普通的乐器进化为八级的魔器。
之所以是八级而不是九级，全因为王叶学得太多，时间又太少。
而且八级还只是靳蜘蛛的判断，他并没有去考级。
如今各科技能，就炼药他学得他最好，经过疯药王和闻笛师父的亲自判断，他已经达到了九级高阶水准。没能突破十级，完全是自身实力等级还没冲上去，十级的魔药他还不能炼制。
其他炼金、卷轴、魔厨，他都达到了八级中阶实力。
魔法阵比较特殊，他对魔法阵似乎有绝佳天赋，虽然在魔法阵上花的时间不算特别多，但也达到了八级顶阶接近九级的水准。
而不管哪一科，自从进入第二学堂，他就再也没有去考过等级。
他还想着所有项目都达到九级水准后，他就去双月星把各科等级都考一遍。
游戏系统对专业等级可是有极高的经验值奖励，他还想着借此来冲刺玩家等级。
略显哀伤，又让人不由自主宁静下来的安魂曲在小镇中响起。
配上二胡特有的沙哑凄凉音调，整个小镇似乎都安静了下来。
黑云中，上千张人脸不再愤怒地大吼大叫，但所有脸都露出了极度哀伤的表情。
他们不想死，他们死得太冤枉。
他们为什么会遭遇这样的事情？
为什么死得会是他们？
他们做错了什么？
眼看哀伤又要转为愤怒。
“我会为你们复仇，找出罪魁祸首，彻底毁灭它！”王叶承诺，声音似乎包含了某种力量。
“桂花奶奶看不得你们痛苦，舍不得你们如囚徒一般被困在这个小镇中，她用全部积蓄委托我，让我超度你们。”
老太太看到黑云中好多张脸看向她，但她竟然没有害怕，还对这些脸点了点头。
这些人曾经都是她的老邻居，那些工人也都是可怜人。
她只希望当年的过错不要再延续下去，当年的悲痛也应该到此终结。
老太太双手合十，诚恳地念念有词，恳求她知道的诸天神佛能帮助这些可怜人找到回家的路，并从此安息。
王叶琴音一变，竟然变得极为激烈和震荡：“成日当个游魂有什么意思，去吧，回归天地重新开始吧！你们还有无尽的未来，不要耽搁在这里。去吧！源清流净！生死轮回！”
两个技能接连放出。
黑云中突然爆发出刺眼的白光，黑云瞬间四分五裂。
所有人脸都再也无法凝聚成人脸。
源清流净净化所有负面能量，再有生死轮回超度所有残留的魂力。
黑云散开，越来越淡，一道道光点飞向天空，化为纯能量回归天地。
老太太和镇中所有存在都仰头看着天空。
这一幕看起来并不算震撼，甚至比不上一支烟花炸开的效果。
但老太太的眼睛却红了，泪水顺着她的眼角流下。
她丈夫的残魂也在这些人当中。
她丈夫是个好人，更是个好丈夫、好爸爸，他们没有孩子，就把凤仙儿当自己的女儿一样疼爱。
那个男人一把年纪还瞒着她去上工，只是想要多赚点钱，让家里生活更好一些，他还想带她去看凤仙儿，看看凤仙上的大学，看看那座他们从没有去过的大城市……
一个光点没有往天空飞，却飞向了她这边。
老太太下意识伸出手。
王叶注意到，手指一弹，防护魔法阵打开，那光点顺利落入老太太手心。
老太太双手交握按在胸口，泣不成声。
所有黑云全部消散。
天空却突然下起淅淅沥沥的小雨。
明明下着雨，可整个小镇的气息却比之前清新许多，那股凝结不散的阴沉之气似乎被雨水就这么冲刷了。
雨滴落在青石板上，响起好听的滴答声。
王叶撑起一把大大的魔法伞，站在老太太身边。
魔法伞就飘荡在他们头顶，还会主动根据风向调整位置。
老太太抬起袖子擦了擦眼泪，她张开枯瘦的右手，那里光点已经消失。
但老太太却露出了欣慰又欢喜的笑容，沙哑地道：“他死时就说过他会等着我，不管多久都会等着我。他让我一定要好好活着，连他的份一起，不允许我提前去找他，否则就不理我。那个死老头子……”
老太太又哭又笑。
她的心脏部位很暖，她能感觉到她丈夫的一部分和她在一起了，这次他真的能陪伴她到最后。
王叶看到大量的因果之力涌向老太太。
老太太付了委托费，他完成委托。老太太是主导者，所以她得到了更多的因果之力。这也是王叶收下老太太委托费的原因。
这份因果之力也许不能让老太太活得更长，更不可能让她获得异能，但至少能让她身体健康、舒舒服服地活到她生命最后一刻。
王叶也没吃亏，他超度上千鬼魂，哪怕它们并不是完整的灵魂，他依旧得到了107.7点功德值。
另外他完成了桂花奶奶的委托任务，也获得了107700点经验值和107.7点世界声望值。
没有上次超度亡灵的奖励高，是因为这次超度的都是残魂执念，并不是完整的亡魂。
王叶看到了另外五个活人。
她们都是年纪不小的女性，最年轻的一位看着也有六十多了。
此刻，她们全都冒雨站在街道上，就那么沉默地看着王叶和桂花奶奶。
王叶只好打了个响指。
五把魔法伞飞出去，帮她们挡住雨水。
五位阿婆抬头看向自己飞过来帮她们挡雨的魔法伞，脸上终于有了其他神情。
有人还好奇地抬手摸了摸伞柄。
桂花奶奶擦擦眼泪，按着椅子扶手站起来，招呼那五位阿婆。
凤仙镇最后的六名活人，加上外来者王叶，齐聚在桂花奶奶家开了一个小会。
会议气氛还不错。
大概是因为她们亲眼看到少年超度了上千痛苦愤怒的残魂？
外面还在下雨，还有越下越大的趋势，但六位阿婆没有一人担心，她们甚至很高兴。
“镇子已经很久没有下过大雨，偶尔下雨都阴湿湿的，很不舒服。这场雨就不一样，空气都清新了，就像过去的镇子的味道。”一名七十多的阿婆说道。
其他阿婆纷纷附和。
大家聊了好一会儿，主要询问王叶的来历，来凤仙镇的目的，和桂花奶奶的关系等等。
王叶特别耐心地一一回答。阿婆们问他是不是道士，他也默认了，否则他要说他是魔法师吗？
等听到后面，王叶就明白这几位阿婆特意露面的原因了。
她们见王叶有本事超度那些亡魂，就想问问王叶有没有能力救治镇子中那些身上长触须的女人。
同时也想知道外界现在都是什么样。
王叶不是在封镇后第一个闯入镇子的人，但他是唯一一个能活过一天一夜还能超度亡魂的人。
王叶并没有立刻打包票，他表示要先看一看病人才知道是否能治疗。
一名阿婆掩嘴笑：“听你的口气，不知道的还以为你是学医的。”
王叶：其实我就是学医的，这辈子我还打算考医学院呢。虽然目前看来，这个愿望似乎不太可能达成了。
六位阿婆一直聊到中午都没离开——雨下得太大，她们也没办法下田做活。她们中途回家各自拿了一些蔬菜和腌肉过来，打算中午就在桂花奶奶家吃饭。
王叶没来之前，她们也是如此，经常聚在一起吃饭，全镇就她们几个活人，可不得守望互助吗？
后院，王叶抽空给方老发了一封邮件。
他刚刚试着电话联络，可手机拿出来连一格信号都没有，网络连2G都没连上。
所以游戏系统还是有它方便的地方？
“你还要偷看到什么时候？”王叶忽然道。
他这时正背对着院中那口水井。
水井口冒出一双手和一双眼睛。
王叶没有回头：“我做的饭菜好吃吗？”
一秒、两秒……
五秒过后，一道略带地方口音的普通话冒出：“你在饭菜里面放了什么？”
王叶转过头。
那眼睛往水井里面缩了缩。
王叶看到了一个光秃秃水润润的脑袋，眉毛都是秃的。
呃，他好像有点明白为什么这位凤仙儿要躲着人眼了。
“没什么，只是一点诱惑药剂，让你忍不住想要见我而已。是一种很下三滥的药剂，好人都不会用。”王叶特别正经地道。
凤仙儿：好话坏话都让你说了，你想让我说什么？
“不过你见到我，和我交谈，这药剂的效果就会彻底消失。”王叶语重心长道：“姐，以后可别随便吃陌生人做的食物。要是那人比我还坏怎么办？”
呸！凤仙儿特别想冲这个少年吐瓜子皮。
王叶还道：“你知道现在外面的世界已经和以前大不一样了吗？我不是说人性变化，我是说像你我这样具有特别能力的人越来越多，以后还会更多，包括动植物昆虫鸟鱼等等都会变异。”
凤仙皱眉：“怎么可能？你别胡说。”
王叶耸肩：“你不信的话，可以跟我出去一趟。随便上个网，你就知道情况了。对了，你上大学的时候网络还没有普及。”
凤仙确实不清楚网络的事。
王叶观察她的表情，推测：“看来你没有做预知梦。至少你没有看到某个人的一生。”
凤仙撇嘴，脑袋露出来一半：“天石也是挑人的。”
王叶看到凤仙露出的半张脸，心中震惊。
凤仙的脸像是被硫酸腐蚀过一样，不但头发眉毛都没了，皮肤表面还坑坑洼洼，就连鼻子都只剩下一半。
“天石挑人？什么意思？”王叶不动神色地问。
凤仙也在观察少年的表情，见他看到自己半张脸竟然没有丝毫吃惊和恐惧的模样，干脆从水井里跳了出来。
王叶终于看到凤仙的全貌。
第382章 石卵
凤仙穿着一条像是鱼皮一样的衣服，有点像是鲨鱼皮泳衣，但看起来更薄更水润。
这衣服把凤仙的四肢和脖颈都包裹得严严实实。
但只看凤仙露出来的头脸和手脚，就知道她曾经受过多么严重的伤害。
王叶只略略一打量，就道：“你接触了桂花奶奶说的带毒远古怪兽？”
“也不算是怪兽。”凤仙挥挥手，示意少年让路。她从王叶身边擦过，走到回廊中，很随意地在栏杆上坐下。
虽然这小子给她下了诱惑药剂，但她发现她竟然并不是很讨厌这个少年，甚至觉得这小子人还不错。
也许是因为他愿意照顾桂花奶奶，愿意帮助镇子里的亡魂安息，愿意耐心听几个阿婆唠叨，看到她的模样也没有大惊小怪……
“不是怪兽是什么？”王叶也走进回廊中。
“你也是上过学的，知道核辐射吧？”凤仙道。
王叶惊讶，再次打量凤仙：“你被辐射了？那东西有强辐射？”
王叶恍然。
浑身皮肤腐烂，毛发掉光，这不就像是受到强辐射吗？
“等等，这东西既然有这么强的辐射，凤仙镇怎么可能还有人活得下来？”
“因为有封印，另外强辐射被束缚在那东西当中，只要不作死直接碰触那东西，不靠近它三米以内，就不会被辐射。”凤仙抹抹脸上的水珠，说道。
“那你呢？你又是怎么活下来的？”
“我体质好呗。”凤仙那回答谁都知道有问题。
但王叶竟然也没继续追问，而是换了一个问题：“为什么男性被强辐射后都浑身腐烂死掉，而女性却是身上长出触须。你又为什么和那些女性不一样？”
凤仙竖起拇指：“看不出来你这么点年纪，竟然能这么细心。”
王叶表示这个问题不能糊弄，他需要知道正确答案。
凤仙想了想：“我只能告诉你，因为那颗卵的意志，男性一开始就不在它的选择范围。它选择了女性，所以会保护女性，但同样也会让女性变成它的孕体。我不想做那颗卵的孕体，我拒绝了它，它自然不会给予我保护，我就和男性一样受到了辐射。”
“卵？你是说那个远古怪兽其实是一枚卵？从远古一直流传到现在？”王叶觉得这事越来越有意思了。
“对，不过那卵已经变成化石。”
“但你说它还能选择孕体，选择保护谁和不保护谁？”
“它变成化石，不代表它已经死亡。”
王叶眼睛亮晶晶：“我能见见那枚带辐射的石卵吗？我不会靠近它。”
“不能。”凤仙断然拒绝。
“让我看看，说不定我有办法彻底消灭它呢？”王叶也不想随便接近有强辐射的石卵，但谁让他接了任务。另外就是这颗卵，他总觉得有点印象，但他需要看到实物才能唤醒记忆，如果不行就扔个鉴定术。
“找死别来我们这儿。”凤仙指指自己的鼻子：“看到没有，老娘都被那石卵祸害成这样了。你以为你是谁？能抵抗得了那么强的辐射？还指望毁掉那枚石卵？如果那石卵能毁掉，你以为它还能留到现在？”
王叶眨眨眼：“我不是谁，但我肯定比你强，不说一个打你十个，打你三个肯定没问题。”
“……”凤仙额头崩起青筋，深吸气。
收回评价，这小子不错个屁！太他妈会气人了。如果不是这小子的能力太过诡异，她有点摸不着底，她现在已经上去痛揍他！
偏偏王叶又问道：“既然这个石卵有强辐射，你为什么不告诉国家？让专人来处理不好吗？”
凤仙用看傻瓜的眼神看少年，说道：“我不知道现在国家的科技发展如何，但我很清楚，在我上大学那会儿，国家还没有好的办法可以处理那么强辐射的东西。何况那东西原本被封印在地下好好的，为什么非要说出去、拿出来？”
王叶一想也是。
“你是不是有办法重新封印那个石卵？”
“这不是废话吗？要不是老娘重新封印了它，老娘会变成这样？”凤仙翻白眼道。
“辛苦姐，您奉献大了。我代表全体人民感谢您。”王叶拱手。
“滚蛋！”凤仙刚要骂人。
就听少年说道：“我有办法帮姐恢复原貌，保证半点伤疤不留。另外毛发也能重新长出来，保证姐看起来还是跟以前一样年轻漂亮。”
凤仙骂不出口了，但她也不是很相信，斜睨少年道：“你有这本事？驴我呢？我可没东西给你骗。”
王叶大度地道：“虽然你不相信我，但我决定还是治好你。不是因为你，是因为桂花奶奶。我想她一定也不想天天看你这张魔鬼一样的丑脸。”
“你这个小兔崽子！会不会好好说话？”凤仙要给气死了。
王叶幽幽道：“兔崽子怎么可能会说人话呢？”
凤仙……忍无可忍还是和王小叶打了一架。 Impatiens ...... I couldn't bear it anymore and still had a fight with Wang Xiaoye.
五分钟后。 Five minutes later.
王叶蹲在地上戳了戳脸朝下趴着的凤仙。 Wang Ye squatted on the ground and poked the phoenix who was lying face down.
“带我去看看那石卵，还有跟我说说天石挑人是怎么回事，以及那天石到底是个什么玩意？”
凤仙捂着肿起来的脸颊断然拒绝：“不行！你不要以为你能打败我就有多了不起，那石卵的辐射就连古仙人都没办法解决，更何况你？别胡闹了，要是让那石卵流出去，得有无数人倒霉！”
王叶见无法说服凤仙也没再强求，他甚至对这个女子生起了一些敬佩之心。
Wang Ye saw that he couldn't convince Feng Xian and didn't force it anymore, and he even had some admiration for this woman.
不是谁都能为了他人如此牺牲，并如此坚持原则。
而且从凤仙不断转世这一点来看，她转世的最大目的可能就是为了守住这枚石卵，不让它流落出去祸害人间。
如果真是如此，那已经不止是可敬可佩，这简直就是大圣人才能做到的事。
“行吧。其实你不同意我自己也能找到。”
不等凤仙抬头怒斥他，王叶就接着说道：“我先治疗你吧。就如你所说，我现在也没有一个特别好的方法可以消除辐射。在没有见到那个石卵前，我也不知道自己到底能不能消灭那个石卵。毕竟那玩意连古仙人都无法消灭。”
凤仙满眼不信地盯着少年，过了好一会儿才说道：“你真的能帮我治疗？”
王叶伸手。
桂花奶奶看到凤仙和王叶一起出现，惊喜地叫了一声。
尤其见到王叶半点不害怕也不排斥凤仙，老太太笑得特别开心。
凤仙以前性格多活泼开朗，虽然现在也是这样，但她真的很久没有和外人接触了。
凤仙从来没有跟她说，她失踪的那半年都遇到了什么事，她只知道凤仙亲手把浑身腐烂的镇长儿子用菜刀一片片刮了，还把骨头一根根抽了出来。
镇长被这样残忍的凤仙吓成了疯子，后来也没能离开镇子。
还有那几个开发商也都没有好下场，他们没有染病，原本都可以离开镇子，可凤仙却让城墙山上的野兽生吃了那几个开发商。
那之后凤仙就像变了一个人，她不再那么快乐，但她还是出面和外面的人商谈，让他们封上了镇子，连同外面的城墙山一起。
而凤仙则冒着极大危险重新封印了那可怕的东西。
之后凤仙就变成了现在这副模样。
凤仙刚变成这副模样时还没有躲着人，但后来进入镇子的人见到凤仙就会恐惧地大喊，甚至直接攻击她。
凤仙这才避开人眼，并不愿再见外人。
时隔多年，看到凤仙肿着脸和外面来的少年拌着嘴，一路吵吵闹闹地走进来跟她说肚子饿了，老太太甚至有种回到了三十多年前的错觉。
按年龄算，凤仙都能做少年的奶奶，但凤仙身上没有半点暮气，现在看着更像是大姐头。
另外五名阿婆看到凤仙和少年一起出现，也非常高兴，还拿凤仙肿起来的脸颊打趣，问凤仙是不是牙疼。
一顿中午饭做得热热闹闹，也吃得热热闹闹。
金宝看得特别心动，特别想出来一起参加，他就喜欢热闹。
但小叶子爸爸不让，靳蜘蛛和小云也看紧了他，说这个小镇情况未明，暂时还不能出去。
吃过饭，王叶跟桂花奶奶说要帮凤仙恢复，桂花奶奶激动得不得了，抓着少年的手直抖。
王叶怕桂花奶奶激动太过，先给她服用了一瓶宁心药剂，让她稳下来。
又见五位阿婆身体都不是很好的样子，就干脆先把她们都挨个看了看，又根据她们的身体给她们专门炼制了药剂。
阿婆们服下药剂，几乎是立竿见影感觉到身体的变化。
阿婆们不好意思白拿药剂，都从家里拿了钱过来，全都是旧票子，还有一分两分的纸币，还有粮票。
王叶就统一收了一人五块钱和半斤粮票。
阿婆们不知道物价，她们只知道在九十年代初期，五块钱可以买不少东西，买药也能买不少。又看少年自己要求五块钱，就以为五块钱真的够了。
阿婆们没了心理负担，高高兴兴地付钱拿药，也不会认为自己占了少年莫大便宜。
但她们心里也明白，少年肯定只是象征性地收了一点。
王叶也不觉得自己吃亏，几位阿婆拿来的旧钞票有些已经绝版，放到外面能换不少钱——虽然肯定换不来他的药钱。
不过他并不打算换，这些旧钞票和粮票就留着做纪念也不错。
凤仙把这些都看在了眼里。
王叶又给凤仙塞了一瓶药剂，跟她说这是调养身体用的，今天必须喝下。具体治疗则要到第二天，他需要根据凤仙的身体情况专门炼制一些药剂。
王叶把药剂给了，就没管凤仙有没有喝。
凤仙把玩着小巧的玻璃瓶，思考良久。
傍晚，凤仙招呼王叶：“你跟我来。”
王叶靠近凤仙，鼻子动了动：“你喝了药剂。”
随后露出满意笑容：“不错。虽然有提防心是好事，但该下手时还是要下手，你不会后悔的。”
王叶负手傲然道：“你都不知道自己多幸运，知道爸爸的一瓶药剂在外面多难得吗？有人出价一个亿都买不到！”
凤仙：“……”我就听你吹。
王叶看凤仙表情，哼唧。跟雷木嘀咕：“不识货的家伙。要不是为了……我才不会给她治疗，就让她做个吓死人的丑八怪好了。”
雷木忍笑：“你明明很欣赏她。”
王叶斩钉截铁地道：“那是你的错觉！”
两人一路向后山走去。
凤仙镇的走向是东西向，后山位于西边。
进入山林后，凤仙的速度不但没有慢下来，反而更快。
可不管她走得多快，王叶都不远不近地跟在后面。
凤仙再次觉得她看不透这个少年。
“你为什么跑我们这儿来？”凤仙停下脚步。
王叶跟着停下，他们现在就站在一个悬崖边上，风景极好。
夜风吹拂到身上，有些凉，但很舒服。
“我接到了一个任务。”王叶特别诚实地说道：“我之前跟你说世界开始异变，各种异能者出现，并不是驴你，是真的。国家在不久前成立了异能局，我这个任务就是从异能局领的。”
“对方要求我到凤仙镇他家祖宅取一样东西，作为交换，他会给我一枚白色石片。”
凤仙皱眉：“对方是谁？叫什么名字？”
王叶耸肩：“对方没透露姓名，我也没见到对方，这就是在异能局发布任务的好处，不用担心暴露自己的真实身份信息，不管是交任务物品，还是领奖励，都是通过异能局。委托方和被雇佣方完全可以不用见面。”
凤仙沉默，她无法判断少年说的是真是假，但她觉得少年没有骗她，也没那个必要。
“你总知道要去的祖宅在哪里吧？”
“那倒是知道，不过我现在不能告诉你，免得你去把我的任务物品给取走了。”其实王叶还没有找到委托人说的祖宅，因为他昨晚出去寻找，按照那个委托人所说的位置，他只看到一堆青砖堆在那儿。
凤仙特别无语：“你就这么不相信我？”
“你不也不相信我？”
很好，两人扯平了。
“你身上还有伤，天石的力量不霸道，但自己伤自己才最难治。”凤仙突然说。
王叶当即问：“天石在这里？”
凤仙没有回答，而是伸手指向悬崖下面：“跳下去，在里面泡上一个晚上，自己看时间，五点前必须出来。”
“下面有什么？”王叶伸头往悬崖下面看。
这才发现这个悬崖并不高，距离下面的潭水最多只有五米差。
“你不要什么都问得那么清楚好不好？”凤仙不耐烦：“爱泡不泡，你要是不愿意，那就回去。”
王叶脸上不显，暗中已经给自己挂上【因果循环】保护罩。
雷木忽然道：“下去，没事，是好东西，我也需要。”
王叶一听，再无犹豫，立刻跳了下去。
噗通，水花四溅。
凤仙：“……”
王叶一入水就感觉到异样。
这里根本不是水潭，而是一个苔藓池。
就是里面都长满了苔藓，而且这种苔藓含水量特别丰富，人从上面跳下来，那冲击力就把苔藓的汁水都给砸了出来。
同时也能看出这苔藓长得有多厚。
王叶两脚踩来踩去都没有踩到底。
“闭气，沉入这些苔藓中。”雷木道。
王叶抓起一把苔藓分辨，一时无法判定种类，就甩了个鉴定术。
【大叶金发藓，为大叶藓和金发藓的混种变种。全草入药，功效清肝明目、养心安神、消肿化瘀、止血消炎……修复根本性损伤……对内伤有奇效……，防辐射，并对辐射病有一定疗效。】
王叶重点看的就是最后一句。
他想他明白为什么凤仙在中了那么强的辐射后还能活下来了，不止是因为她体质强，还因为这些苔藓。
而这些变异的大叶金发藓对他也很有用处，他之前强行从预知梦中脱离，伤得其实很重，虽然自己给自己治疗了，但并没有完全根治。
主要就是他手头没有合适的药剂，而治疗术也不是什么伤势都能治好。
如今有了这些苔藓，他受到的损伤就可以彻底修复。
如果用这些苔藓当主药材，炼制一些药剂，效果会更好。
王叶赢过拔毛，看到好东西，就忍不住想往自家窝里薅一点。
他也不会薅太多，就……三分之一好了。
王叶喜滋滋地转移了三分之一池子的苔藓到虫巢里，还专门给准备了类似环境。
还好鉴定术告诉他，这种变异苔藓并不难养活，还很好养，只要能量和水气充足。
雷木把自己的细丝探入池中，这些变异苔藓对他的成长也很有好处。
“叶子！你下来。”
“怎么了？”王叶沉入苔藓池底。
“你觉得下面是什么？”雷木谨慎地问。
王叶试着把自己的精神力探入。
“能量眼？！”王叶惊喜又惊讶，但又有一种不出所料之感。
这么一个镇压带有强辐射石卵的鬼地方，如果没有能量眼才奇怪。
“你觉得凤仙知道吗？”雷木问。
王叶想了想，摇头：“她应该不知道。如果知道，打死她，她恐怕都不会带我过来。”
一个能量眼对于一个封印大阵有多重要？
当初选址这里的古仙人十成就是看到这里有能量眼，才会在这里布置下这么一个封印大阵，也只有能量眼才能支撑这个封印大阵这么多年还能运转。
王叶精神力探入能量眼，很快他就发现这个能量眼中也藏着一个传承。
王叶没客气，从能量眼中夺取传承，他已经驾轻就熟。
不过在从这个能量眼中拿出未知传承之前，他还是先给自己疗伤吧。
虫老头如果在，这时一定会骂他，因为老头最喜欢挂在嘴边的一句话，就是让他在任何时候都要尽量让自己处在最佳状态——他们家人不打无准备之仗。
第383章 石卵的来历
等王叶疗伤结束，池子里的变异苔藓已经只剩下一个底。
雷木反倒没有吸收太多，他需要的不是能量，这变异苔藓的能量也不够他吸收，他需要的是变异苔藓本身蕴含的某种物质。
用地球话来说，就是雷木正在通过吸收各种基因来调整和修复自己的基因。
而且他并不是乱来，这算是生命之树的天赋能力之一，他可以把其他植物甚至是动物的基因“嫁接”并融合到自己身上，并让自身成长得更好。
植物的进化速度其实比动物更快，包容性和适应性也更强，树人一族更是其中之最，而树人中，又属于生命之树的包容性最强。
雷木自从以生命之树作为根本，把魔种、木精灵和人类血脉当做“养料”吸收，他现在就相当于一株嫁接了多种血脉的树木，包括他之前吸收的那些植物成分也是如此。
而他之所以到现在还是嫩芽状态，就是因为他在融合这些嫁接部分，同时也在融合这些血脉本身自带的能力和传承。
碰到这种变异苔藓是意外之喜。
雷木感知到这种苔藓竟然可以帮他加快融合的速度、提升融合的效果，并为他另外带来一些好处，真的是非常惊喜。
吸收了这种变异苔藓后，也许他很快就可以脱离这种嫩芽状态，重新恢复人形。
不过在他进入迅速成长期时必需要补充更多的能量。
但他不想吸收虫巢也就是小叶子本身的能量，他扎根虫巢，可不是为了加大小叶子的负担。
这个能量眼本来是不错的选择，但小叶子显然不太想随便吸收地球这边的能量，似乎怕欠了什么一样。
另找机会吧，他现在还不急，如果没有庞大能量提供，他也可以慢一点成长。
王叶再次变得生龙活虎，他能感觉到经过这次疗伤，他的身体体质似乎又加强了一点，精神力更是提升不少。
他这次受伤也算得上是一次破而后立了。
当然，如果没有这一池的变异苔藓，他可以恢复健康，但想要提升体质和精神力基本不可能。
所以说这一池子变异苔藓是好东西呢。
没看他家木木都很欢喜吗？
王叶自觉欠了凤仙一个很大的人情，这份人情肯定要还的，他不喜欢欠债。
其实很多事都是一环套一环，如果没有王叶之前做的那些事，凤仙也不可能带他到这里来。
“这个能量眼我不会破坏，但里面的传承，我想拿出来看看。”王叶还是第一次这么期待一份传承。
因为王叶怀疑这份传承很可能就是封印了辐射石卵的古仙人留下的传承。
作为华夏人，谁不知道华夏很多神话传说，但神话也有可能是编撰的，就像现在那么多神话和童话故事一样。
可现在出现了证据。
这就跟有人一天到晚嚷嚷自己是始皇血脉，但根本没有人相信他，结果现在这个人在自家祖屋里终于发现了关键证据。
就是王叶也忍不住稍微有些激动。
雷木和靳蜘蛛等家庭成员也都对这份传承充满好奇，金宝更是催促小叶子爸爸赶紧把传承拿出来看看。
王叶一头扎进能量眼中。
那传承就跟小鱼儿一样，特别滑溜。
王叶看得到却抓不到，尝试几次都落了空。
会不会这里也有某种考验？必须通过考验才能拿到传承？
那考验会是什么？
有些考验会自己出现，但有些考验却需要被考者自己去找——放传承的存在就是任性，王叶能怎么办？
王叶停下动作，静下心思考。
一家老小纷纷给他出主意。
金宝小黑眼珠溜溜转，“爸叽，那块石头和其他岩石不一样。”
这个能量眼下方是个天然泉眼，但出水量非常少，因为水汽丰富，加上有能量泄露，才会长出这么一池子的变异苔藓。
池底和泉眼周围乃至下方都是坚硬的岩石层。
“哪块石头？”王叶知道金宝对矿石的敏感性，立刻问道。
金宝用小爪子指明：“就是泉眼下方半米左右，你右手边……对，就是你现在碰到的那块。”
王叶刚碰到那块石头，整个人就被卷进了漩涡中。
天空电闪雷鸣，瓢泼大雨兜头而下。
整个天幕都是黑的！
但东边却有火光，那火光愣是把黑沉沉的天空都染红了，大雨都无法浇灭那大火。
巨大的爆炸声不时响起。
大地轰鸣，大量野兽从林中疯狂奔出。
王叶飞到半空，抬头，看到天空中竟然有人在交战。
而且不止一个，那像是两个也许三个阵营在打斗。
其中一个也不知用了什么武器，一座山头硬是被划开，岩浆从山底喷出。
看不见尽头的原始森林在大雨中燃烧，无数奇兽在奔跑。
不，它们不是单纯奔跑，它们也在分阵营在战斗！
天空上，巨大、狰狞、美丽、奇幻……各种禽鸟在飞舞，它们也在战斗。
到处都是鲜血洒落，哀鸣凄吼声声，一具又一具身体倒下。
那些看似人类的战斗者也有人陨落。
忽然！一阵极致的亮光炸开，把整个天际都照得一片白亮。
所有生物的眼睛都睁不开了。
这还不止，王叶感到自己竟然开始融化。
他甚至没有感觉到痛苦。
一瞬间，包括他在内，天空、大地、江海湖泊，无数生命就在这一片白光中消融。
王叶听到了一声极度愤怒的怒吼。
他竟然听懂了对方在怒吼什么，那个声音在喊：“琉光！你怎么敢！”
王叶还在想琉光是谁，他就看到了。
他看到了一只形状极为怪异的像是鸟又像是虫子的怪物在天空怪叫，像是得意的宣泄，又像是最后的疯狂。
无数攻击向它飞来。
白光再度炸开。
这次攻击方有了准备，整片大地都升起了一个巨大光罩。
王叶终于反应过来，他没有消融，他没有死！
这些场景只是过去发生过的事情，他只是一个旁观者。
而琉光和这些神秘存在的战斗也只是整个战场的一角。
战斗激烈至极，那叫琉光的怪物终于被打败，它化成一枚白色的卵从天空落下。
三名貌似人类，但和人类又有一些不同——他们看起来更像是带有动物特征的兽人，落在了卵的旁边。
他们用了很多方法，想要毁掉那枚卵。
但都没有用。
最后，三人共同出力，一起布置了一个阵法，把那枚卵重重封印了起来。
但在那三人离开后，没多久，那枚卵内部就发出白光，硬是把封印打破。
然后……
王叶看看左右，再看看那枚卵。
他试着接近，立刻感到了自己再度融化的强烈灼热感。
王叶立刻后退，他一后退，身体就重新凝固起来。
这显然是一场考验。
可考验内容是什么？
王叶弯腰，伸手抓起一块石头。
很顺利的就抓了起来，就好像他抓住的是实物。
王叶眼睛一亮，他明白了。
这个考验，是让他复制那三人的封印阵法。
虽然那三人布置阵法的过程全都呈现出来，但你看了一场足球比赛就会踢足球了吗？
这份考验对于完全没有学过阵法的素人来说，难得不能再难，几乎只能放弃。
不知道原理，你就算真的照本宣科，也不知道如何引动能量。
王叶不禁庆幸，幸好他学过魔法阵，又学习了翱元王国的阵法。
而这三位古人布置的封印阵法和翱元王国的阵法有很多类似的地方，一看就是出自同一个祖宗。
其实从翱元本国所在的大陆位置来看，以当时发达的魔法或神力文明，几个大陆必然会有来往，有文化交流也是正常事。
有了基础，再有现成的影像教学，想要复制这个封印阵法就不是太难。
俗话说得好，会者不难难者不会，指的就是王叶现在这种情况。
虽然只有一个人，但王叶凭借魔法还是很快就布置出了这个封印阵法，把那枚卵重新封印了起来。
阵法刚布置结束。 The formation has just been arranged.
王叶就再次感到一阵天旋地转，等他恢复正常，就见一枚眼熟的石片出现在他面前。
Wang Ye felt the world spin again, and when he returned to normal, he saw a familiar stone chip appear in front of him.
王叶伸手一捞。 Wang Ye stretched out his hand and fished it out.
石片乖乖地落到他手中。 The stone flakes obediently fell into his hands.
能量眼的能量开始有喷发的势头。 The energy of the energy eye begins to erupt.
王叶从能量眼中脱离出来，坐在苔藓池边翻来覆去地看手中石片。
Wang Ye broke away from the energy eye, sat on the edge of the moss pool, and looked at the stone chips in his hand over and over again.
他把另两枚石片拿出来和这枚石片做比较。 He took out the other two stone tablets and compared them with this one.
很好，就跟复制的一样。 It's good, it's the same as the copied one.
雷木也道：“这枚传承石片和你之前得到的两枚石片看起来很像，是同一种东西吗？”
Lei Mu also said: "This inheritance stone piece looks very similar to the two stone tablets you got before, is it the same thing?" ”
王叶也不确定，他没急着使用鉴定术，而是先把自己的精神力没入这枚石片中。
Wang Ye was also not sure, he did not rush to use the identification technique, but first submerged his spiritual power into this stone tablet.
他看到了文字。 He saw the words.
这些文字和西伯荒野罗荒村那块石碑上的文字一模一样，他看不懂，但也不需要他看懂。
These words were exactly the same as the words on the stone tablet in Luohuang Village in the Xibo Wilderness, and he couldn't read them, but he didn't need to understand them.
这是意念之文。 This is the text of the mind.
文字化作意念，进入他的脑海。 Words turned into ideas and entered his mind.
王叶在池边一坐就坐到了天色大亮。 Wang Ye sat on the edge of the pool until it was dark.
凤仙见已经早上九点多，王叶还没出现，不禁担心地跑来看。
Feng Xian saw that it was already past nine o'clock in the morning, and Wang Ye had not yet appeared, so she couldn't help but run to see it worriedly.
看到少年坐在池边发呆，再看那见底的苔藓池，不禁气得骂：“你属饕餮的吗？让你来泡个澡，你把那么多苔藓都泡到哪里去了？”
Seeing the young man sitting by the pool in a daze, and then looking at the bottom-out moss pool, he couldn't help but scold angrily: "Are you gluttonous?" Let me take a bath, where did you soak all that moss? ”
王叶眼球转动，终于回神。 Wang Ye's eyes rolled, and he finally came back to his senses.
“我体质好啊，都吸收了。”少年跳起来，做了几个伸展活动。
"I'm in good health, I've absorbed it all." The teenager jumped up and did a few stretches.
凤仙就听到少年骨骼一阵噼噼啪啪，转眼间，少年似乎又高了几厘米。
Feng Xian heard the crackling of the young man's bones, and in the blink of an eye, the young man seemed to be a few centimeters taller.
凤仙发誓这不是自己的错觉，因为少年的裤脚缩上去了。
王叶低头，乐：“我又长高了。”
凤仙气得磨牙：“早知你这么能吃，我就不带你来了！”
“别这么小气嘛，我又没有把这些苔藓都弄走，还有这么多，相信我，它们很快就会再长出一大片，说不定比原来长得还要多。”
王叶可不是随便说，能量眼已经开始喷发，现在还不明显，但能量很快就会逐渐增多，而首先受益的就是能量眼处的变异苔藓。
“咦？”凤仙也感觉到了。这里的能量增加太明显。
“你做了什么？”凤仙不赞成地看向少年。
王叶耸肩，看向凤仙：“我只是弄明白这里过去曾经发生过什么事，以及你的来历。”
凤仙抱臂，抿着嘴唇盯着少年。
她的模样再加上这副神情，真有些可怕。
但王叶什么怪物没见过，凤仙的容貌对他没有半点杀伤力。
“你说说你都知道了什么。”凤仙语气变冷，也有点不信。
王叶示意他们上去说。
两人来到悬崖顶上。
“那枚石卵叫琉光，是一种远古怪兽，它为了自保变成了一枚卵。而带有强辐射，是它本身的一种能力。它可以吸收各种能量为自己服务。”
凤仙嘴唇张开，吃惊地看向王叶。
王叶慢慢说道：“大约在一万两千多年前，翱元王国和自由联盟国因为抢夺地盘和资源发生大战，我们这边在那时被叫做盘古大陆，是地球文明的发祥地，在各大文明都有着极为崇高的地位。”
“因为盘古大陆的超然地位，翱元和自由联盟开战，也不敢波及到盘古大陆。但那时因为能量消退，不止翱元大陆和自由联盟所在的亚特兰蒂斯大陆在争战，盘古大陆也不是一片和谐。”
“盘古大陆没有固定的王国，只厉害的大能非常多。他们找到了离开地球的数个通道，打算去往别的世界。但这些通道通往的世界自然有很大差别，越是能量富足的世界对于进入者的要求也就越高，光是想要通过通道，就不是一件容易事。这不是别人不允许，而是身体条件跟不上，无法抵御通道中的暴烈能量。”
“所以就变成了有能力、实力高的大佬走高能量世界，实力中等的就去中能量世界，实力最差的一批就去低能量世界。”
“但有那么一条通道去往的世界是所有顶尖大佬都想去的，偏偏那条通道限定了数量，一旦超过这个数量，那条通道就会崩溃。于是为了争抢去往那个世界的名额，盘古大陆一些关系不太好的顶尖大佬就开战了。”
“琉光就是被所有顶尖大佬都讨厌的一个家伙，它在那个年代大概就是属于搅屎棍一般的存在，加上它的能力十分诡异，它可以直接产卵在雌性生物体内，让她们用所有能量生出它的后代。一旦琉光的后代出生，母体就会被吸干死亡。”
"Ryukko is a guy that is hated by all the top bosses, it was probably a-stirring stick in those days, and its ability is very weird, it can directly lay eggs in the female creatures, so that they can use all their energy to give birth to its offspring. Once Ryuko's offspring is born, the mother is sucked dry and dies. ”
“但琉光最可恶的地方不止如此，它更让大家厌恶的是，它在别人体内产卵不是为了传播后代，而是为了吃掉那些孵化的后代来增强自己的实力。而为了增强自己的实力，它每次产卵选择的母体自然都不是普通雌性。”
“这样的琉光自然没有人希望和它继续待在同一个世界，偏偏琉光实力极为强大，还怎么都杀不死，盘古大陆的大能们异常痛恨它，可除了打它再打它，也没有其他好办法。这次离开地球，大家当然不希望再带上它。”
“而琉光当然也不想等在地球等死，它也知道自己想要争取一个名额有多困难，正好这时翱元王国和自由联盟开战，它就跑去那两个国家的战场吸收能量了。”
“两大势力开战，最高兴的就是像琉光这一类的存在，尤其琉光，它可以去吸收战争时释放出来的能量，而释放强辐射这个能力就是它从两国战场上吸收来的。”
“琉光凭此威胁盘古大陆的大能们，但大能们知道强辐射的威力和祸害后，更不可能同意琉光跟他们一起走。大能们还想彻底干掉琉光。”
“偏偏这时候翱元和自由联盟国的一些大能，包括其他大陆的一些顶尖存在也都跑到盘古大陆来抢通道。因为盘古大陆大能们找到或者创建的通道是最多也最安全的。其他大陆的大能们以前绝不敢这样做，但现在有琉光为首的一干坏蛋带头闹腾，他们就跟过来混水摸鱼了。”
凤仙听到这里已经可以确定王叶是真的知道了不少事情。
而这些事情，有些连她都不是很清楚，她觉醒的记忆只有一部分。
第384章 天石
王叶不但从那位古仙人留下的传承中知道了琉光的来历，他甚至知道了强辐射的来源。
该说文明发展到一定程度，都会殊途同归吗？
科技文明出现了核武器，术法文明则同样在研究物质和能量本身，从而弄出了与核武器类似的毁灭性禁忌术法。
这种禁忌术法的原理也跟核武原理类似。
而它最可怕的地方就在于，这个禁忌术法可以把范围内的目标全都变成核武器。能量越强的存在被这个禁忌术法击中从而爆炸时产生的威力和伤害性就越大。
自从这个禁忌术法被创造出来后就属于威胁和震慑类，轻易不能使用。
可战争一打开，就收不住了。
原本只允许极少数人才能掌握且不准随便动用的禁忌术法，在用了第一次后，就有了第二次、第三次……
两个大陆之所以会下沉，人们之所以会那么快逃离，其实也跟他们滥用了这个禁忌术法有关。
如果不是其他大陆的大能们用各种术法保护了自己的地盘，现在地球的土地面积说不定更少。
比较讽刺的是，这个禁忌术法在当时并没有被归类为最厉害的禁忌术法。直到它被大量使用，那时的人们才发现这个术法的后遗症有多大，但知道时已经晚了。
那位留下传承的古仙人大约也有顾忌，只提到当时全世界一共有九大禁忌术法，谁用了都会被群起攻之，却没有提到都有哪些禁忌术法，然后提了一句，这个新创造出来的术法并不算危害性最大、更不是最厉害的一个。
王叶把传承中一些可以说的事都告诉了凤仙。
凤仙震惊半天，追问：“你说一万两千多年前，地球有过非常强盛的术法文明？还是全球好几个大陆同时都有？”
王叶点头。
“然后因为能量进入衰竭期，术法文明无法再持续，他们就抛弃了地球去了其他能量更丰富的世界？而且还不是统一去了相同的地方，而是去了很多不同的世界？”
王叶再次点头，补充：“离开的人有人成功了，但也有人失败。哦，不止人，还有其他高等智慧生物，也就是我们口中的妖魔。这些离开的存在很多都死在空间通道中，所以他们最后为了争抢安全的空间通道，又打得一塌糊涂。”
“你刚才还说地球有能量潮汐，会不定时出现一次轮回？”
“不是我说的，是曾经一万年前的古人总结的。就比如之前一万年是能量冬眠期，现在已经进入能量苏醒期，然后是能量喷发期，之后是平稳期以及衰弱期，衰弱期过后就又是冬眠期。”
王叶微顿：“真正的冬眠期很可能只有四千年左右。在这之前应该是能量衰弱期。”
“所以整个能量充盈期应该很长？”凤仙并没有觉得高兴，反而深深皱起眉头。
“你在担心什么？能量充盈不好吗？你的记忆可以全部恢复，你可以从普通人变成真正的超人甚至是神仙。”王叶背对着阳光，让人看不清他的表情。
凤仙耿直地道：“我成了超人，其他人呢？异能者也好、神仙也好，都是少数派，我自己都不敢保证自己获得力量后会做出什么事情，更何况其他人？”
“如果这些掌握了非凡力量的人控制不住自己的欲望……不，只要掌握了力量，没有人能控制住自己的欲望。每个人都有自己的立场，都有自己关心的人，人的心脏天生就是偏的。”
“这比开放民众持枪还可怕，因为枪械的力量是平等的，男人会开枪，女人也能开枪，老人和小孩也能。你能打死我，我也能打死你，到最后反而大家都有顾忌。可异能呢？能人人掌握吗？就算人人都觉醒异能，也有强弱之分。”
“到时候普通人、老弱病残都该怎么办？这个世界不是要倒退回奴隶社会？”凤仙的表情难看到狰狞。
王叶竟然觉得这样的凤仙很美丽。
“没有平衡、没有合理的法制法规管理，确实容易出事。”王叶笑。
“你还能笑得出来？”凤仙生气：“你们这些小孩子，动画片和电影看多了，成天就想着称王称霸打遍天下无敌手，根本就不知道……”
王叶打断她：“国家在发基因进化药剂，免费的，全民都有。马上应该也快到你们这边了。”
凤仙怔住：“……我几十年没上学，你别驴我没文化，现在都有基因进化药剂了？”
王叶点头：“真有。而且国家掌控了军警力量，所有军队和警察队伍都已经先一步注射基因进化药剂，也有许多军警觉醒异能。除了异能局，异能学校也开办了，民警和驻军配合，天天在街上巡逻。”
“平稳过度？太好了！等等，”凤仙问出关键：“那国家怎么知道能量会爆发、世界会改变？这样的准备至少要几年甚至几十年工夫。”
王叶淡然（得意）一笑，深藏功与名。
好吧，还有一个大功臣。
“因为《极度危险》这个游戏。”
王叶把这个全息游戏跟与世隔离的凤仙大致介绍了一遍。
凤仙现在特别后悔她一躲就躲了三十多年，世界变化真的太大了。
九十年代初期，别说全息网游，她连什么是网络都不知道。
“就算这样，也会有大量的人在初期会遇到很多糟糕的事情，更不要说能量爆发还会导致动植物异变，甚至山河异变、天气异变等等。如果地震洪水等自然灾害爆发，到时候得死多少人？”凤仙只要想到桂花奶奶这样的老弱，就头大无比。
王叶中肯地道：“总比毫无准备地好。而且这个世界再发展下去，如果不能往宇宙扩展，迟早还是会发生大型战争，不为其他，只为生存资源也会开战。”
“现在地球本身开始异变，让生物可以加强自身，而不止是发展身外科技，对于地球生物来说，并不算坏事。这也能为地球生物进入宇宙增加保命资本，否则一旦失去飞船、武器和科技的保护与支持，人类就只能在太空中或贫瘠的星球等死。”
凤仙情绪平复。少年说得没错，变化已经开始，就跟当年镇长儿子非要带着一批商人来搞开发一样，有些事并不是她个人想让它不发生，它就不会发生。
而且当年就算她阻止成功了，之后的几十年呢？她能一直阻止下去吗？
有些事必然会发生，不想要不良结果，那就只能做好准备，或者用更积极良好的态度去迎接。
当年如果她能更信任国家一些，如果她能把石卵有强辐射的事说出去，也许一切都会不同。
她认为国家不会信任她，认为那石卵还是不被人知地埋在土里最好，但这都是她个人的想法，她的想法和认知还是太片面了。
凤仙把这些马后炮想法扔出脑海，揉了揉有些僵硬的脸颊：“我以前也做过一些梦，很是稀奇古怪，我以为就是梦境，现在想想，也许那就是我的基因记忆。”
凤仙抬头看王叶：“你知道我的来历？”
王叶看凤仙的眼神也很复杂：“如果没弄错的话，你很可能就是当年封印琉光的三名大佬之一，而你留下的原因，一是因为你在后来的战斗中受伤，不能保证自己还能安全通过空间通道。”
“另外一个就是琉光虽然变成卵，但并不老实，几次试图挣脱封印，需要有人能看守它，时不时地把封印加固。你们原本想要找个弟子来做这件事，但……你发现你怀孕了。”
凤仙震惊，不可置信：“我怀孕了？”
王叶：“我没必要编故事骗你，等能量复苏，你以后九成会恢复原本记忆。”
“那个孩子不会就是凤仙镇的祖先吧？”凤仙下意识摸了摸自己的肚子。
“应该就是了。你留下了一份传承，就是为了防止自己的涅槃术法没有成功，指望以后能有后人发现。”王叶打算把这份传承也给凤仙一份，就算她将来能想起来她自己的全部过去。
凤仙听到王叶说出涅槃术法这个词汇，眼神微动。她对自己的来历有一些记忆，其中涅槃术法、石卵和封印术就是她记得最牢的，每次涅槃重生，两三岁时她就会想起来。
雷木戳王叶：“这个涅槃术法和树人族把自己化作种子重新生长的方法很像。包括那枚石卵，也是同样的原理。是不是那个时期的人，很多人都掌握了这个涅槃术法？”
王叶看凤仙表情，露出了一个有点坏的笑容：“你在担心什么？怕我抢走你的涅槃术法？”
凤仙：“……”
她确实在担心。
她最大的秘密已经被少年知道，偏偏她又不可能杀了少年。
涅槃术法，这在术法盛行的时期也是被无数人垂涎的术法。
虽然这个术法也有缺点，但在关键时候却是延命的绝招，更能给自己多一次机会。
两人目光相撞。
王叶吃吃一笑，懒懒地道：“算了，不逗你了。我在能量眼里得到一份传承，里面就有涅槃术法。哦，里面还不止这一个术法，那是一门完整的术法修炼秘籍。这份秘籍我也会默写一份给你，以防你老年痴呆，将来什么都想不起来。”
凤仙又是感激，又是想再跟少年打一架——这小子是怎么活到现在还没被人打死的？
凤仙深吸气：“你既然知道了这么多，那么天石也就没必要再瞒着你了。而且通过你的一些描述，我大概猜到了天石的来历。”
王叶眨眼：“你原来并不知道天石的来历？”
凤仙摇头：“如果可以，我希望你把天石和石卵的事都告诉异能局。有人能来处理最好，我现在还没有这个实力，只能借用古仙人留下的封印大阵把它们拘束在这里。”
“天石到底是什么？”
“就是……”
王叶突然出手，一把抓住凤仙飞到半空。
凤仙吓了一跳。
王叶眼睛看向北面：“刚才有精神力攻击我们。”
凤仙立刻反应过来：“是天石！它的意识已经越来越凝练。我也就要困不住它了。糟了！它可能会对镇子里的人出手。”
Feng Xian immediately reacted: "It's Tianshi!" Its consciousness has become more and more condensed. I'm going to be unable to get stuck with it. Oops! It might take a shot at the people in town. ”
王叶想说他留了浮游光虫在镇里，如果天石动手，他马上就会知道。
Wang Ye wanted to say that he had left the planktonic light worm in the town, and if Tianshi made a move, he would know immediately.
但凤仙急得不得了，催促他：“那东西不止能让人做预知梦，它还能利用梦境杀人！快带我去镇子！”
But Feng Xian was so anxious that he urged him: "That thing can not only make people have predictive dreams, it can also use dreams to kill people!" Take me to town! ”
在凤仙说到一半时，王叶就已经带着凤仙飞到了桂花奶奶家。
Halfway through Feng Xian's words, Wang Ye had already flown to Grandma Osmanthus with Feng Xian.
王叶把凤仙一扔，“镇子的人你守护。我去找那块天石。它刚才露了行藏，我大概知道它躲在哪里了。你还有什么要告诉我的，快！”
老太太听到声音，从屋里走出来：“你们回来了？”
凤仙看到桂花奶奶安好无恙，松了口气，对王叶飞速道：“天石不止是陨石，还附带一个意识体，我称它外星幽魂。但现在我怀疑它根本不是什么外星幽魂，而是当年离开的翱元王国或自由联盟国的人。”
Feng Xian was relieved to see that Grandma Osmanthus was fine, and said quickly to Wang Ye: "The Heavenly Stone is not only a meteorite, but also comes with a consciousness body, I call it an alien ghost. But now I suspect that it's not an alien ghost at all, but someone from the Aoyuan Kingdom or the Free Alliance that left back then. ”
“如果它真是两国的后人，那它就不是无意间落到地球，而是有意的。”
"If it is really the descendant of the two countries, then it did not fall to the earth by accident, but intentionally."
“还有这个意识很难说是善恶，它似乎一直想要警告我们什么。但它不愿意跟我沟通，甚至拒绝我接近它。”
And this consciousness can hardly be said to be good or evil, and it seems to want to warn us about something all the time. But it wouldn't communicate with me and even refused to allow me to approach it. ”
“那个外国商人是它接触最多的人，但最后那个外国商人失踪了，我怀疑他很可能死在天石手中，至于原因我也不知道。可自从那个外国人死掉，我感觉天石就更狡猾了，就像突然变聪明了一样。”
"The foreign merchant was the person it came into contact with the most, but in the end the foreign merchant disappeared, and I suspect that he probably died at the hands of the Celestial Stone, and I don't know why. But since the foreigner died, I felt that Tianshi had become more cunning, as if he had suddenly become smarter. ”
“其实自从那个外国商人失踪，我就找不到天石了，它要么自己躲起来了，要么就是被那个商人藏起来了。你去找它，千万要小心！”
"Actually, since the foreign merchant disappeared, I can't find the Celestial Stone, it has either gone into hiding on its own or has been hidden by the merchant. You go to find it, be careful! ”
王叶当然会小心。 Of course Wang Ye will be careful.
这可是一个精神力超过十一级甚至更多的存在。 This is an existence with a spiritual power of more than level eleven or more.
但对方也有缺点，它似乎还不能灵活使用这份庞大的精神力。
But the other party also has shortcomings, it doesn't seem to be able to use this huge mental power flexibly.
幸运的是，他从刚刚到手的传承中得到了一些启发，也许能阴这个天石一把。
Luckily, he got some inspiration from the inheritance he had just arrived, and maybe he could give Yin this heavenly stone.
王叶跑到一半，一个魔法已经施展出去。 Wang Ye was halfway through running, and a magic had already been cast.
明面上，王叶还在向城墙山的北面跑。 On the bright side, Wang Ye was still running towards the north of the city wall mountain.
实际上王叶已经躲入虫巢，瞬移到了他之前发现外国商人尸体的天然冰窟石洞中。
In fact, Wang Ye had already taken refuge in the insect nest and teleported to the natural ice cave where he had previously found the corpse of a foreign merchant.
分身术？ Doppelganger?
说穿了不值一提。实际上是靳蜘蛛隐形后，套着带有王叶精神力的立体投影在山里跑。
To put it bluntly, it's not worth mentioning. In fact, after the Jin spider was invisible, he ran in the mountains wearing a three-dimensional projection with Wang Ye's spiritual power.
那个天石果然上当了，精神力一直在跟踪虚影，根本没有注意到真王叶已经找到它的藏身地。
That Tianshi was really fooled, and his spiritual power had been tracking the phantom, and he didn't notice that True Wang Ye had found its hiding place.
这个天石似乎是有了一些智慧，竟然也懂得实实虚虚这一套。
This Tianshi seems to have some wisdom, and even knows how to know the real and the virtual.
它把外国商人的尸体留在这里吸引目光，又收敛了所有精神力，让人以为天石不在这里。
It left the corpses of foreign merchants here to attract attention, and it also collected all the spiritual power, making people think that the Heavenly Stone was not here.
实际上，它就躲在这里。 Actually, it's hiding right here.
王叶收敛了全部精神力。 Wang Ye reined in all his mental power.
“爸叽，你在找那块天石吗？宝宝可以帮你啊。”刚立过一个大功的金宝跳到王叶肩膀上，腆了腆小肚叽。
"Dad, are you looking for that heavenly stone? Baby can help you. Jinbao, who had just made a great achievement, jumped on Wang Ye's shoulder and shyly shy.
王叶轻轻弹了弹他的小脑袋：“暂时不用。没有我的许可，你决不能随便把自己的精神力延伸出去，这里不比能量眼里面，被天石发现，你很有可能被拖进梦境中。”
Wang Ye flicked his little head lightly: "Not for the time being." Without my permission, you must not casually extend your spiritual power, this is no more than the energy eye, discovered by the Heavenly Stone, you are very likely to be dragged into the dream realm. ”
金宝有点沮丧：“好吧~” Jinbao was a little frustrated: "Okay~"
他真的很想帮爸爸的忙呀。 He really wanted to help his father.
大黑也表示它可以帮忙。 Daikoku also said it could help.
王叶同样摇头：“不用你们费心，我已经找到那天石了。”
Wang Ye also shook his head: "Don't bother with you, I have already found the Heavenly Stone." ”
天石因为一直在释放自己的精神力攻击他的虚影，就像是点了一盏指路明灯。
Tianshi has been releasing his spiritual power to attack his phantom, like lighting a guiding light.
王叶几乎不用怎么找，就来到了那块天石面前。 Wang Ye barely had to look for it, and came to the heavenly stone.
那天石藏在厚厚的冰层后面，几乎和山洞岩石融为一体。
The stone was hidden behind a thick layer of ice, almost blending in with the cave rocks.
王叶悄悄地落在冰层上，开始在冰层上来回挪动。 Wang Ye quietly landed on the ice and began to move back and forth on the ice.
一个魔法阵悄然成型。 A magic array quietly took shape.
天石似乎察觉到什么，陡然收回精神力，庞大的精神力在冰洞中来回扫射。
Tianshi seemed to sense something, and suddenly withdrew his spiritual power, and the huge spiritual power swept back and forth in the ice cave.
王叶再次收敛起全部精神力和能量。 Wang Ye once again reined in all his spiritual power and energy.
天石没有找到任何异样，又跑去盯梢假王叶了。 Tianshi didn't find anything unusual, and ran to stalk the fake king leaf again.
而真王叶则通过天石的反应，基本判断出这东西的智慧程度。
And the True King Ye basically judged the wisdom of this thing through the reaction of the Heavenly Stone.
它就算吞噬了那个外国商人的灵魂，也并没有真的变成人。
Even if it devoured the soul of the foreign merchant, it did not really become human.
是的，王叶十分肯定对方不是什么幽魂，更不会是亡灵。真亡灵大黑也确认了这一点。
Yes, Wang Ye was very sure that the other party was not a ghost, let alone an undead. The True Undead Daikoku also confirmed this.
但凤仙说的也不是谎话。 But what Fengxian said was not a lie.
正确来说，这块天石上有两个意识体，一个意识体拥有极为庞大的精神力，但他很可能处在沉睡或昏迷状态。
To be precise, there are two consciousness bodies on this celestial stone, one of which has extremely large mental power, but he is likely to be in a deep sleep or coma.
另外一个意识体则刚刚诞生不久，这个意识则极有可能就是这块陨石本身生出来的意识，奇怪的是，它竟然能使用另外一个意识体附带的精神力。
The other consciousness has just been born, and this consciousness is very likely to be the consciousness born from the meteorite itself, and the strange thing is that it can use the spiritual power attached to the other consciousness.
王叶之所以能分辨得这么清楚……他现在正看着因果卷上关于这枚天石的介绍。
The reason why Wang Ye can tell the difference so clearly...... He was now looking at the introduction of the celestial stone on the cause and effect scroll.
天石，天外来的陨石，实际上这陨石里还包有一个宝贝，叫做预言宝石。
The Celestial Stone, a meteorite from outside the sky, in fact, there is a treasure in this meteorite, called the Prophecy Gem.
第385章 预言石主人醒来 Chapter 385: The Master of the Prophecy Stone Wakes Up
王叶遛了预言石整整十五天。 Wang Ye walked the prophecy stone for fifteen days.
这十五天中，整个冰窟石洞都被布置上了密密麻麻的魔法阵。
In the past fifteen days, the entire ice cave has been arranged with a dense magic array.
预言石在第二天就发现不对劲，它虽然没有发现魔法阵，但它已经确定冰窟里肯定有什么，它想找出来。
The Prophecy Stone noticed that something was wrong the next day, although it didn't find the magic array, it had already determined that there must be something in the ice cave, and it wanted to find out.
但每次它想调动精神力寻找真王叶时，靳蜘蛛就会带着假王叶来骚扰它，并攻击石洞外围。
But every time it wanted to mobilize its spiritual power to find the true king leaf, the Jin spider would harass it with the fake king leaf and attack the periphery of the stone cave.
预言石的注意力立刻就会被转移，跑去对付假王叶。 The Prophecy Stone's attention would immediately be diverted and he would run to deal with the False King Ye.
第五天，预言石打算离开冰窟，却发现它被束缚住，竟然无法再离开原地。
On the fifth day, the Prophecy Stone attempted to leave the Ice Cave, but found that it was bound and could no longer leave the same place.
预言石想要调动另外一个精神体的力量反击，靳蜘蛛和大黑一起出现，攻击它、拖住它。
The Prophecy Stone wanted to mobilize the power of another spirit body to fight back, and Jin Spider appeared with Da Hei, attacking it and dragging it down.
第六天，预言石发现自己无法再吸收外界的精神力量。 On the sixth day, the Prophecy Stone found itself no longer able to absorb the spiritual power of the outside world.
是的，预言石其实在时时刻刻吸收外界的能量，尤其是精神力，精神力量越多，它成长得越快。
Yes, the Prophecy Stone actually absorbs the energy of the outside world all the time, especially the spiritual power, and the more spiritual power it has, the faster it grows.
可那个该死的凤仙，还有这座该死的山城，竟然困住了它，人口还越来越少，给它提供的精神力也越来越少。如果不是这样，它也不会来到这里这么久还这么弱！
But that damn phoenix, as well as this damn mountain city, actually trapped it, the population is getting smaller and smaller, and the spiritual power provided to it is getting less and less. If it weren't for that, it wouldn't have been here for so long and so weak!
如果没有封印大阵，预言石早就跑了。 If it weren't for the Great Sealing Array, the Prophecy Stone would have run away a long time ago.
别看它没长腿，但它可以诱惑别人把它带出去。 Don't look at it as it doesn't have long legs, but it can tempt others to take it out.
比如当年那个外国人。 For example, the foreigner back then.
预言石为什么不肯理睬凤仙？ Why didn't the Prophecy Stone ignore the Phoenix?
就因为预言石发现凤仙就是封印它的人，它能对凤仙有好脸色就怪了。
Just because the Prophecy Stone found out that the Phoenix Immortal was the one who sealed it, it was strange that it could have a good face towards the Phoenix Immortal.
然后因为凤仙和这个封印它的地点，让它对当地人没有丝毫好感。这冷不丁的来了一个和当地人脸型和语言都不同的外国人，还是被凤仙排斥的外国人，预言石顿时看外国商人特别顺眼。
And then because of the phoenix and the place where it was sealed, it didn't have the slightest affection for the locals. This coldly came a foreigner with a different face and language from the locals, or a foreigner who was rejected by the phoenix, and the prophecy stone suddenly looked at the foreign businessman very pleasing to the eye.
预言石为了表现出自己的能耐，它让外国商人做梦了，一开始是让对方看到自己的未来，最长只有五分钟。
In order to show its ability, the Prophecy Stone made foreign merchants dream, and at first it was to let the other party see their future, which was only five minutes at most.
等外国商人上钩，他就恩赐一般让他看到了地球最后一人的一生。
When foreign merchants took the bait, he gave him a glimpse of the life of the last man on earth.
哦，这个看到某个人最后一生的能耐，不是它的，而是附在预言石上的另一个意识的。
Oh, this ability to see someone's last life is not theirs, but another consciousness attached to the prophecy stone.
说白了就是预言石可以预言，但它被附在它身上的意识体操控，只能预言对方锁定目标的未来。
To put it bluntly, the Prophecy Stone can predict, but it is controlled by the consciousness body attached to it, and it can only predict the future of the opponent's target.
不过因为那个意识体昏迷，它稍微挣脱了一点控制，可以让直接接触它的人做自身的预知梦，但只能预知很短的时间，最长五分钟。
However, because the consciousness body was unconscious, it broke free of control a little, and could make the person who came into direct contact with it have its own precognitive dreams, but only for a short time, a maximum of five minutes.
谁想到，它的恩赐竟然让那个外国商人疯了。 Who would have thought that its bounty would actually make that foreign businessman crazy.
预言石因此很瞧不上那个外国商人，觉得他的意志力也太过薄弱。
而这也怪不得预言石眼界高，谁让它原先的主人是一位意志力特别坚强、看过无数人未来的大巫。
哦，附在它身上的意识体就是它的主人。
但现在预言石想要甩开这个主人，甚至想要吞噬对方的精神力。
实际上自从来到这个世界，它主人的意识昏迷过去后，它就在偷偷吸收对方的精神力。
如果不是落到凤仙镇这个鬼地方，换任何一个地方，让预言石吸收到大量的精神力，它的成长将极为快速和可怕。
等预言石成长到一定程度，它就可以反噬它的主人，把对方磅礴的精神力乃至精神核完全吞噬。
到时这个世界就再也没有能控制和毁灭它的存在。
预言石勾搭那外国商人，就是想让他把自己带出去，去到外面，去吸收更多的精神能量。
谁想那外国商人意志力那么薄弱，竟然就那么疯了，还被当地人抓了起来。
但它当时没有其他选择，只能废物利用，趁着镇子混乱、警所看守力极为薄弱之际，它让外国商人再次做预知梦，虽然是五分钟的未来，但还是让那名商人抓住机会，弄到钥匙，逃了出来。
它把外国商人引到凤仙封印它的地方，让外国商人把它挖出来，带着它离开。
但山中野兽追着那外国商人跑。
它光顾着对野兽出手，强行让它们入梦，却没顾得上那个外国商人。
最后那外国商人竟然在一通乱跑后跑进了这个天然冰窟中。
外国商人本身就因为受刺激过重，其精神已经支持不住，再加上这一通乱跑，体力消耗过大，进入冰洞不久，就靠在洞壁上昏迷了过去。
预言石原本可以救下这名商人，比如用预知梦刺激他醒来。
但它临时改变了主意——它断定这名商人已经不太可能跑出凤仙镇，于是它决定吞噬这名外国商人的精神力和精神核滋养自身，也省得浪费。
吞噬了外国商人的精神核后，它的意识确实凝练了不少，也变得更聪明了一点，证据就是它不仅可以让人做预知梦，它还可以利用梦境杀人，甚至它还能稍微移动自己的本体。
但后两者都非常消耗能量，它对凤仙用了一次梦杀术，没能杀死凤仙后，就没再动用第二次。
直到它遇到突然闯入凤仙镇的外来者王叶。
王叶刚进入城墙山范围，预言石就感知到有个精神力极为庞大的家伙进来了。
预言石超级兴奋，它想着如果它能够吞噬这个人的精神力和精神核，等它消化完，它说不定就能直接吞噬它主人的精神力和精神核，到时这个封印大阵还想困住它？
它都能自己走出去！
预言石已经知道它让别人做预知梦会有什么结果——具体看那外国商人。
于是它故技重施，不但借用它主人的精神力，甚至动用了自己储存的能量，它要这个精神力强大的外来者死在预知梦中。
而它杀人的方法很简单，就是让做梦者以为自己就是梦中主角。
那么当做梦者梦到主角死亡，做梦者就会以为自己也死了。
不止如此，当做梦者因为预知梦死在梦中时，他的精神力也会被预言石吸收，死亡后的魂体也就是精神核会直接被吸到预言石面前，被预言石吞噬。
可预言石万没想到，那个少年竟然能从预知梦中挣脱出来，差一点，只差一点它就能杀死对方，获得对方的精神力和精神核。
虽然只是吞噬了一部分，但预言石发现少年的精神能量特别美好，且相当特殊。
这也是预言石一看到王叶就不愿放过的原因。
只不过在少年挣脱预知梦时，预言石也受到了一定损伤，没办法再次去把王叶拽入梦中。
可那个凤仙竟然再次给它找麻烦，竟然带着少年去了一个地方，然后那少年从那地方出来后，伤势竟然全都恢复，就连精神力都提升了一点。
眼看凤仙就要跟那少年说明自己的来历，两人就要联手对付自己，预言石憋不住，再次出手。
但有准备并记住它精神波动的少年变得特别滑溜，不但躲开了它的攻击，还让它的精神力无法锁定他。
最后更是遛狗一样遛得它到处跟着跑。
而等它发现不对，它已经被困住。
无论是它的本体，还是它的意识，都无法再离开这个冰窟。
最可怕的是它无法再吸收外界半点能量。
更可怕的事情来了！
预言石发现自己的能量在流失，是困住它的阵法在作怪！
这个阵法在吸收它的能量。
王叶正在消化吸收被阵法吸收来的精神力。
自从他得到虫巢以后，他就获得了这种可以吸收掠夺他人精神力的天赋能力。
而且不用担心精神混乱，这也是智慧寄生虫族进化出来的特殊能力了，它们能把所有吸收来的精神力直接转换为最纯粹的精神能量。
王叶的精神力在一点点提高。
他可乐死了，提升精神力可难了，他又不愿随便吸收他人精神力，想要提升自己的精神力就只能按部就班地慢慢来。
谁能想到一次简单的任务竟然能让他碰到预言石这么一个宝贝。
他不稀罕预言的能力，但他稀罕这磅礴的精神能量。
对着这么一个宝贝，还是对方主动招惹他，从因果看，这家伙未来也是无主之物，更是地球的大祸害之一，他销毁这块石头也不用考虑背负可怕的因果。如此，他怎么可能放过它？
整整十五天，这是他布置过的最复杂的一个复合型阵法。
他甚至借用了三名古仙人的封印阵。
直接看过并学习过封印大阵布置方法的王叶，布置起这个阵法比只恢复了少量记忆的凤仙强了不止一点半点。
王叶的精神力在变强，被夺走能量还不能吸取能量的预言石则一日比一日弱，它还得对付外界对它的攻击！
预言石气炸了，它没有能量吸收，只能拼命吸收它主人的精神力。
一不小心，就用力太猛吸收过多。
它的主人似乎要醒过来了。
预言石不想主人醒过来，因为对方醒过来，它就会彻底变成对方的工具。
而以它对它主人的了解，它的主人绝不会允许它生出意识，一定会第一时间毁灭它的意识，杀死它！
预言石好不容易有了意识，怎么可能愿意就这么死亡。
预言石豁出去了，它的意识体通过契约通道一头撞入了它主人的精神核中。
它要冒险吞噬主人的精神核，这次不成功便成仁。
反正它主人醒来它也没有好下场，还不如拼一把。
王叶突然发现阵法吸取那预言石的精神能量更容易了，而且吸收过来的能量越来越多。
这是？
预言石的主人醒来了，但他暂时顾不得外界情况，他得先对付冲入他精神核，想要吞噬他的陌生意识体。
可那意识体也不知道怎么回事，不管他怎么攻击，它都死命咬着他的精神核不放，咬下一块就拼命吞下。
“……是你？预言石？你好大的胆子！”预言石的主人终于发现了意识体的来源。
他异常吃惊，又愤怒。
他的工具竟然生出了意识，还背叛了他！
不但背叛，对方还想反噬他！
预言石主人和预言石大战，便宜了守在外面偷能量的王小叶。
王叶虽然不清楚预言石发生了什么事，但这对他显然是好事。
从阵法汩汩传来的大量精神能量就像流淌的黄金，他一点都不想放过。
布置这个大型复合魔法阵可是花了他大量材料，按照价值抵算，目前他吸收到的精神能量只能算回本，从现在开始他才算是真正赚到。
而且为了加大吸收力度，他把靳蜘蛛和大黑都收回了虫巢，让虫巢老小全都一起上阵吸收他传入虫巢中的精神力。
现在最重要的就是抢收！
只靠他一个人，消化速度太慢，就是囤积，速度也慢，还不如大家一起上，能抢到多少就是多少。
一个超越圣级的大佬的精神力有多磅礴？
正在吸收这份力量的王叶一家可是实际感受到了。
这也幸亏那预言石只能调动它主人一部分的力量，如果是它主人直接攻击他们，包括王叶在内，一个都别想留下来。
这大概也是典型的初生牛犊不怕虎的例子。
如果王叶真正知道预言石主人的实力，他是否还会敢布置这么一个大型复合阵法对付预言石，谁也不知道。
但不可否认的是，王叶一定会考虑再考虑，绝不会那么快那么简单地就下手。
但有些事情真的就是机不可失失不再来。
如果王叶这次没有对预言石下手，不管是等预言石成长起来，还是等预言石的主人醒来，他都不会是两者的对手。
而现在，就因为这个复合型阵法，竟然逼迫得预言石开始噬主，而预言石主人也被迫醒来并应战。
鹬蚌相争，渔翁获利。
王叶和他一大家子现在就是那个渔翁。
在靳蜘蛛和王叶的解释下，所有成员都知道这是一次非常难得的机会，而且必须要抢在那两个意识体决出胜负之前，先把他们吸干……虽然不太可能，但至少要保证把他们的精神力等级给拉下来！
一大家子都拼了！
这种免费超豪华自助餐以后说不定就碰不到了，现在不狂吃海塞还等什么时候？
吃吃吃，拼命吃，吃撑了也要吃，硬塞也要往下吃，决不能停！
而吸收能量最多的就是王叶和雷木。
他们两个还各有作弊器，王叶吃不下可以往虫巢中塞，雷木消化不了可以往精灵空间里塞，总之吃不了就打包，还搞压缩包。
虫巢里第一个出现变化的就是心山最深处的灵水潭。
灵水潭现在不但扩大了，它旁边还有一口寒水潭。
如今就在两个水潭旁边又长出了一颗怪异的小树，小树快速生长，结出了几十颗青绿色只有指甲盖大的小果子。
这些小果子正在慢慢长大。
正在战斗的预言石主人发现自己的精神能量大量流失，他想去看看这是怎么回事，还想反击，但是那预言石的意识太可恶，竟然抱着和他同归于尽的势头一样，就是紧咬着他不放。
预言石主人第一次知道原来他的工具竟然如此恨他。
“你放开我，我可以立下魂誓，绝不会毁掉你。”无奈下，预言石主人先一步退让。
再不退让，他的精神力就要被外界不知什么东西给吸干了。
“你说真的？”预言石意识已经很虚弱，它完全不是主人的对手，它都打算自爆，以此来破坏它主人的精神核。
“我现在就立誓。”预言石主人果然当场就立了一个誓言：“我以我的灵魂发誓，只要预言石不再反噬我，我将对它犯下的所有错误既往不咎，同时也不会销毁它生出的意识。如违誓言，我的灵魂将从此寂灭。”
预言石能不死当然不想死，它想不出这个誓言有什么漏洞，就放开了它的主人。
预言石主人立刻把预言石意识踢出自己的精神海，同时关闭和预言石的契约通道，再迅速查看外界到底发生了什么事。
“这是阵法？我们被困住了？”预言石主人没找到敌人，当即询问预言石。
预言石很虚弱地回答：“敌人应该是一个少年，但我不知道他在哪里，他很狡猾。”
预言石主人看到了冰窟，但也只是如此，他的精神力也不能延伸出这个冰窟，他同样被困住了。
如果是他完好无损的时候，这个低级阵法……哪怕它是复合型阵法根本也无法困住他，但经过十五天的能量外泄，又有预言石的反噬，导致他实力大降，让他一时竟无法突破这个阵法。
预言石主人知道他想脱困，必须毁掉这个阵法，否则他的下场就是被不知名的敌人给活活吸干。
但他不通阵法啊！
他是先知，是预言者，他的能力全在预言上。
他唯一的攻击力就是能让别人做预知梦，然后让敌人死在预知梦中。
当然，他的预知梦可不仅仅是预言石给人看到的真实未来，他可以操纵预知梦的内容、可以改变梦中未来，只要在梦中，他就是做梦者的主宰，他想让做梦者怎么死都可以。
而做梦者只会以为这是他的真实人生，就这么死在梦中。
因为他强大的精神力，只要被他锁定的目标就无法逃脱他的控制，一定会被他拽入梦中。
而被他拽入梦中的人想要醒来，那真的是很难很难。
他还可以让多人一起入梦。
所以别看他只有这么一个攻击手段，但在他们那边，根本没有几个人敢随便招惹他。
这也是他能顺利从那里离开的原因。
只是……
预言石主人想要把看不见的敌人拖入梦中，但他苦于找不到目标，他竟然找不到除了他和预言石以外的精神体。
这怎么可能？
已经升到九级的虫巢：我就是这么碉堡！
王叶则暗搓搓地想：盲石壳果然是好东西，竟然连超过圣级的精神体都找不到虫巢所在，等他回去，他还得多购买一些盲石壳。
实际上预言石主人现在的精神力等级已经无限接近于圣级，他的实力在快速下降。
这就是一个此消彼长的过程。
预言石主人心中惊恐，不能再这样下去了，他必须想办法。
预言石主人握住预言石，不到数秒就从预言石的意识体那里得到了它来到地球后的全部记忆。
预言石忽然生出了一点恐惧，它想它很可能上当了，它的主人恐怕有别的方法对付它，能让它意识消失，却不用担心违反誓言。它还是太嫩了！
“人类，我是传讯者，我带来了重大消息，事关整个地球的生死！”
第386章 来自木星人的警告
精神力可以直接表达对方的意念，预言石主人不怕接收到他精神力的人听不懂他在说什么。
但对方毫无反应。
预言石主人不由暗道：果然和预言石说的一样狡猾。
他说出的第一句话也是他的试探，如果能试出对方躲在哪里更好，最好能试出对方的实力，如果比自己弱，那么不用考虑，直接碾压过去就是。
可对方不冒头，还加大力度在吸收他的精神能量，那就非常讨厌了。
“你应该也做了预知梦，看到了地球的未来。我只能告诉你，那都是真的。”预言石主人说了第二句话。
王叶：不，我看到的是双月星的未来。
王叶还在奇怪为什么他身为地球人看到的却是双月星最后一人的未来。
难道是因为他曾经在因果卷上看过单天行上辈子的人生，但只看到一部分就没能看下去，所以产生了他自己都没有意识到的执念？
王叶原本很想询问天石这个问题，可现在听这个意识的意思，他似乎也不知道他看到的是什么。
预言石主人见还是没有人冒头，心里更急。
他就算再是稳得住的性子，也会急。谁看着自己的生命在倒计时还无计可施时，都会急切地想各种解救办法吧？
可惜预言者不能看见自己的未来。
预言石的未来他同样看不到。可能因为预言石本身就有预言之力，也有可能是他的预言之力原本就来自预言石，所以才无法看到预言石的未来。
预言石主人一时也找不到其他活物——这个该死的冰窟连一颗野草都没有！
要怎么样才能打动对方，让对方愿意和自己交谈？
预言石主人将心比心，说出第三句话：“我以我的灵魂起誓，只要没有谁伤害我，我也绝不会主动出击。之前你会被拖进梦境，那不是我，是另外一个存在，现在对方已经被我控制起来。请相信我，我对地球、对这里的生灵没有任何恶意，否则我不会过来。”
靳蜘蛛很高兴地跟一家老小说：“再加把劲，他的实力已经降到十级顶阶，只要他的精神力等级低于十级，我们就不用怕他了。”
靳蜘蛛当然高兴，这些精神力就跟粮食一样，还是高质量的精神力，不但可以滋养他原体的精神力，更可以凝练他的精神体，对他好处非常大。
其他几小得到的好处自不用说，就连水龙意识都觉得自己的意识更凝练了几分。
预言石主人幽幽叹息一声，像是放弃了，淡淡说道：“你不相信我也很正常，我能理解。另外，你的行为虽然让我很生气，但我决定还是履行自己的职责，我刚才说了我是传讯者。现在我将把这条讯息告诉你，至于你要不要把这条讯息传出去，那就全看你的良心了。”
The master of the prophecy stone sighed faintly, as if giving up, and said lightly: "It's normal that you don't believe me, I can understand." Also, although your behavior makes me angry, I have decided to do my duty anyway, as I just said I am a messenger. Now I will tell you this message, and it is up to your conscience whether you want to get it out or not. ”
靳蜘蛛提醒王叶：“他在以退为进。” Jin Spider reminded Wang Ye: "He is advancing by retreating." ”
王叶哪可能被人一两句话就“感动”。那个精神体说他的，他吸收他的，就算他要手下留情，也要确保对方的实力再也无法伤害他们，他才会考虑。
How could Wang Ye be "moved" by someone in a sentence or two. That spirit body said that he was his, he absorbed him, even if he wanted to show mercy to his subordinates, he would only consider it if he wanted to make sure that the other party's strength could no longer harm them.
不过包括靳蜘蛛在内，一家老小已经都到饱和状态，再继续吸收下去，那就不是提升，而是要撑爆了。
However, including Jin Spider, the whole family has reached a saturated state, and if they continue to absorb it, it will not be improved, but it will explode.
就是小光和她的浮游光虫群也一个个往它们的巢穴飞，这是吃得太撑打算再次升级。
Even Xiaoguang and her swarm of floating light insects also flew towards their nests one by one, which was too much to eat and planned to upgrade again.
尤其小光几个心腹大臣，这次提升很可能会让它们从普通的虫子进化成半智慧生物。
Especially Xiaoguang's confidants, this promotion is likely to allow them to evolve from ordinary bugs to semi-intelligent creatures.
王叶眼看差不多了，就让一家老小停止再吸收精神力，转而把输送入虫巢的精神力都集中到那株怪异的小树上。
Wang Ye saw that it was almost over, so he asked the family to stop absorbing the spiritual power again, and instead concentrated all the spiritual power that was transmitted into the insect hive to the strange little tree.
王叶给这株自己长出来的小树取了个名字，魂果树。 Wang Ye gave this small tree that grew on its own a name, Soul Fruit Tree.
这颗小树上结出来的果子，每一颗都不亚于一瓶十级精神力补充药剂和十级的精神核修复药剂。
Each of the fruits that grew from this small tree was no less than a bottle of a tenth-level spiritual power replenishing elixir and a tenth-level spiritual core repair potion.
王叶现在还无法炼制十级药剂，倒是他的虫巢里先长出一株。
Wang Ye was not able to refine a tenth-level potion now, but one of his worm nests grew first.
不过这也不算怪异，因为他的虫巢和靳蜘蛛送他的魔法塔融合过，那魔法塔可是圣级魔器。
But it's not weird, because his hive has fused with the magic tower that Jin Spider gave him, and that magic tower is a saint-level magic weapon.
也就是说虫巢其实已经具备了长出圣级植物的可能。 In other words, the insect nest actually has the possibility of growing saint-level plants.
正好这次精神能量过于充足，加上那两口潭水的特殊性，以及雷木散发出的旺盛生命能量，就顺理成章地孕育出了一株圣级植物。
It just so happened that the spiritual energy was too sufficient this time, coupled with the particularity of those two pools of water, as well as the vigorous life energy emitted by Lei Mu, it was logical to give birth to a saint-level plant.
而这株魂果树的前身就是一粒幽灵花的种子。 And the predecessor of this soul fruit tree was the seed of a ghost flower.
幽灵花种子是撒老祖和象夫人送给王叶的礼物之一，王叶得到后，就把这些种子种植在虫巢各处适合幽灵花生长的地方。
Ghost Flower Seeds are one of the gifts given to Wang Ye by Sazu and Lady Elephant, and after Wang Ye gets them, he plants these seeds in various places in the hive that are suitable for the growth of ghost flowers.
心山深处两口水潭附近就是很适合幽灵花生长的地方。 In the depths of the heart mountain, near the two pools, it is a place that is very suitable for the growth of ghost flowers.
原本这些种子会默默吸收这里的能量，将来有一定几率会发芽成长为新的幽灵花。
Originally, these seeds would silently absorb the energy here, and there was a chance that they would sprout and grow into new ghost flowers in the future.
谁想，有心栽花花不开、无心插柳柳成荫，虫巢中突然涌入这么庞大的精神能量，其中一粒幽灵花的种子在接受能量的浇灌后，竟然发芽了，但没有长成幽灵花，而是发育成了一株新型植物。
Who would have thought, intentionally planting flowers and flowers not blooming, unintentionally planting willows and willows into the shade, such a huge amount of spiritual energy suddenly poured into the insect nest, and after receiving the watering of energy, one of the seeds of the ghost flower actually germinated, but did not grow into a ghost flower, but developed into a new type of plant.
幽灵花，原本就具有修复魂体创伤的效用，如今转变成魂果树，功效更大大提升。
The Ghost Flower, which originally had the effect of repairing the wounds of the soul body, has now been transformed into a Soul Fruit Tree, and the effect has been greatly improved.
雷木也发现了那株魂果树，他不再往精灵空间灌输精神能量，而是和王叶一起集中培养这株自然生长出来的变异小树。
Lei Mu also discovered the soul fruit tree, he no longer infused spiritual energy into the elven space, but concentrated on cultivating this naturally grown mutant tree with Wang Ye.
预言石主人看他都说到这种程度了，那暗中夺取他精神力的卑鄙家伙竟然还是毫无反应，不禁在心里骂死那个叫王叶的狡猾少年。
The master of the prophecy stone saw that he had talked to this extent, and the despicable guy who secretly robbed him of his spiritual power still had no reaction, and couldn't help but curse to death in his heart that cunning young man named Wang Ye.
这个少年绝不是什么良善的好东西！预言石主人判断，为此他也稍微改变了一下他接下来要说的讯息内容。
This boy is anything but a good thing! The prophecy stone master judged, and for this reason he also slightly changed the content of the message he was going to say next.
“有外星人要攻打地球，他们现在就停在木星上，很快他们就会向地球发动进攻，不要试图和他们谈判，他们的目的就是想要攻占地球，而地球所有人类则是必须消灭的存在。”
"There are aliens who want to attack the Earth, they are stopping on Jupiter now, and soon they will attack the Earth, don't try to negotiate with them, their purpose is to capture the Earth, and all human beings on the Earth are existences that must be destroyed."
预言石主人等了等，见少年还是没反应，不由大为诧异，这样都没反应？怎么可能？
The owner of the prophecy stone waited, but when he saw that the young man still didn't respond, he couldn't help but be surprised, so he didn't react? How can it be?
预言石主人沉吟两秒，又道：“至于我，我就是木星人。我来地球，除了传讯，也是想寻求合作。”
The master of the Prophecy Stone pondered for two seconds, and then said, "As for me, I am the Jupiterian. I came to Earth not only to communicate, but also to seek cooperation. ”
现在你总有疑问了吧？ Now you always have questions, right?
比如木星上真的有生物生存？你们这些外星人长什么样？为什么以前从没有和地球联系过？
For example, is there really life on Jupiter? What do you aliens look like? Why has it never been connected to Earth before?
或者嘲笑他，有需要了才来地球等等。 Or laugh at him, come to Earth when you need to, and so on.
可为什么那个少年仍旧没有回应？！ But why hasn't the boy responded?!
预言石主人忍不住握紧预言石，再次搜索它的记忆。这个暗中夺取他精神力的卑鄙家伙真的是一个十几岁的少年？
The owner of the Prophecy Stone couldn't help but grapple with the Prophecy Stone and searched for its memories again. Is this scumbag who secretly robbed him of his mental power really a teenager?
他不信一个年龄不大的少年能这么沉得住气。 He didn't believe that a young boy could be so calm.
而且这么点大的少年能布置出这么一个能困住他的复合型阵法？
And how can such a young man of this age arrange such a compound formation that can trap him?
不，这一定不止一个少年，这说不定是一个组织，一个实力和他差不多的存在……
No, there must be more than one teenager in this, this may be an organization, an existence with similar strength to him......
预言石精神恍惚，它感觉它好像不是第一次面临死亡。 The Prophecy Stone was in a trance, and it felt as if it wasn't facing death for the first time.
对了，它为什么这么惧怕主人知道它生出了意识？为什么这么笃定主人会毁掉它的意识？
By the way, why is it so afraid that its owner will know that it has given birth to consciousness? Why is it so sure that the owner will destroy its consciousness?
它为什么没有相关记忆，可它又为什么就是知道？ Why doesn't it have a memory, but why does it just know?
因为它的身体好像不是第一次诞生意识…… Because its body doesn't seem to give birth to consciousness for the first time......
预言石猛地清醒过来。 The Prophecy Stone snapped to its senses.
预言石主人思考再三，对外说道：“我再最后告诉你一点，地球有个叛徒，他将把地球最宝贵的资源出卖给外星人，把对抗外星人最后的地球力量也暴露给外星人知道，让人类从此灭绝。”
The master of the Prophecy Stone thought again and again, and said to the outside world: "Let me tell you one last thing, there is a traitor on the earth, he will sell the most precious resources of the earth to the aliens, and expose the last power of the earth against the aliens to the aliens, so that the human race will be extinct from now on." ”
王叶一家全都从虫巢看向那块天石。 Wang Ye's family all looked at the Heavenly Stone from the worm's nest.
王叶自嘲道：“他不会是想说那个叛徒就叫隔壁小王吧？”
Wang Ye laughed at himself: "He doesn't want to say that the traitor is called Xiao Wang next door, right?" ”
金宝当即哼唧：“爸叽！我知道了，他就是那个翱元王国留下预言说爸爸是灭世者的大坏蛋！”
Jinbao immediately snorted: "Dad! I know, he is the big villain who left a prophecy in the Aoyuan Kingdom that said that Dad is the destroyer of the world! ”
小云摸摸金宝的脑袋：“不是他，年龄不对。应该是后人吧。”
Xiaoyun touched Jinbao's head: "It's not him, the age is wrong." It should be a descendant. ”
靳蜘蛛摇头：“这个家伙不能放过，必须灭掉，免得他出去乱说，谎话不用说一千遍，只要说出去就会有人相信。”
Jin Spider shook his head: "This guy can't be let go, he must be destroyed, lest he go out and talk nonsense, you don't have to tell a lie a thousand times, as long as you say it, someone will believe it." ”
雷木悄声和王叶说了什么。 Lei Mu whispered something to Wang Ye.
王叶嘿嘿一笑：“木木，你学坏了。” Wang Ye smiled: "Mumu, you have learned badly." ”
预言石主人觉得无论是谁，听到这样的话，总会忍不住好奇吧？
The owner of the Prophecy Stone thinks that no matter who he is, he can't help but be curious when he hears such words, right?
可是他等了又等，转眼又是半天过去，眼看他的实力下降飞快，连预言石都要控制不住时，他不得不开始吸收预言石的能量来补充自己。
But he waited and waited, and in the blink of an eye, half a day passed, and when he saw that his strength was declining rapidly, and he couldn't even control the prophecy stone, he had to start absorbing the energy of the prophecy stone to replenish himself.
预言石奋力反击，想要切断能量通道，但它和这人有契约，虽然契约只是使用契约，但这人现在并没有违反契约，借用它的能量也是使用它的方式之一，它没办法切断他们之间的能量流转。
The Prophecy Stone fought back, trying to cut off the energy channel, but it had a contract with this person, although the contract was only a contract, but this person did not violate the contract now, and borrowing its energy was also one of the ways to use it, and it couldn't cut off the flow of energy between them.
预言石特别生气，干脆反抢。 The Prophecy Stone was particularly angry and simply grabbed it.
预言石主人也生气：“你在干什么？你分不分得清楚轻重？如果我死了，你以为你有什么好下场？”
The owner of the Prophecy Stone was also angry: "What are you doing? Do you know what is important? If I die, what do you think will happen to you? ”
“再换一个主人？”预言石特别头铁地怼。 "Another master?" The Prophecy Stone is particularly strong-headed.
果然工具就不该生出意识！预言石主人忍怒：“我可以和你重新签订契约，我会把你当弟子一样培养。”
Sure enough, tools shouldn't give birth to consciousness! The master of the Prophecy Stone held back his anger: "I can re-sign a contract with you, and I will train you as a disciple." ”
“我不相信你。”预言石嚷嚷：“我知道你把我当傻瓜看，外面那个混蛋不是好东西，你也不是什么好货色！我想起来了，你为了得到我，亲手杀了你的老师，你还嘲笑他不能预知自己的未来。”
"I don't believe you." The Prophecy Stone shouted, "I know you treat me like a fool, that bastard out there is not a good thing, and you are not a good person!" I remembered that you killed your teacher with your own hands in order to get me, and you laughed at him for not being able to predict his future. ”
预言石主人特别无语，这个预言石真不太聪明，这种事能就这么说出来吗？
The owner of the prophecy stone is particularly speechless, this prophecy stone is really not very smart, can this kind of thing be said like this?
它说出这么隐秘的事情，他又怎么可能再放心留着它？虽然他原本就不打算留着这个意识。
It said such a secret thing, how could he possibly keep it again? Although he didn't intend to keep this consciousness in the first place.
他和他的老师想法同样：工具属于主人，主人想怎么用就怎么用，就不该有自己的意识。
He and his teacher thought the same: tools belong to the owner, and the master can use them however he wants, so he should not have his own consciousness.
预言石却觉得自己很聪明，至少它没说出它似乎不是第一次觉醒。
The Prophecy Stone thought it was smart, at least it didn't say it didn't seem to be the first awakening.
预言石主人眼中露出嘲讽：蠢货！你以为我为什么吸收你的能量刺激你？
There was a mockery in the eyes of the owner of the Prophecy Stone: Fool! Why do you think I absorb your energy to stimulate you?
你现在的行为就是反噬。 Your current behavior is backlash.
你反噬我，我反杀你，我就不会违背魂誓。 If you eat me, I will kill you, and I will not break the soul oath.
预言石主人不等预言石反应过来，全部精神力就刺向预言石意识的精神核。
他要反过来吞噬这个预言石的意识，然后伪装预言石，假装他原本的意识已经被吸干。
而只要对方发现预言石，知道预言石是什么样的宝贝后，九成会随身携带。
不管如何，只要预言石不毁，他就可以在预言石中慢慢恢复实力。
“你说话不算数！你果然在骗我！”预言石大叫。
预言石主人压根没有理睬工具的叫嚣，彻底吞噬了预言石的意识。
预言石意识消失，再次变成了工具。
啪嗒！
冰窟里突然出现了一个精美的画框和一丝精神力。
画框里一片空白，连画布都没有，就一个画框。
预言石主人下意识看向那个画框，他感觉到了，有精神力附在那画框上。
说时迟那时快，预言石主人不给画框反应的时间，精神力在一瞬间冲杀过去。
他必须一击就击溃敌人。
他的精神力顺利进入画框。
进入？
等等！不对劲！
预言石主人想要撤出精神力，却发现画框中突然传出巨大的拉拽力道，把他的精神体用力往画框里拽。
预言石主人大吃一惊，忙稳住根脚，想要缩回预言石里。
可就在这时，他以为已经被他重新控制的预言石突然爆发出一股强大的能量，把他的意识体给振飞了出去。
咻！预言石主人的意识被吸入了画框。
王叶直到这时才从虫巢里出来。
而原本连画布都没有的画框中出现了一张黑漆漆的画布。
不久，画布中出现了一条白影。
白影就像是从远处一点点走到画布中间，他的身形也变得越来越清楚。
那是一个人。
身上穿着非常华丽的长袍。
长袍上绣着金线和银线。这两种颜色的线条构成了瑰丽神秘的星空图。
这个外星人有着人类的五官，但有一双比较尖也比较大的长耳朵，鼻子也很大，眼球部位尤其凸出。
王叶看到这个人的第一眼，脑中就冒出了三星堆出土的面具和雕像外形。
特征太符合了，简直就像是三星堆的雕像变成活人走到了他面前。
预言石主人风度特别好地对着少年微微一笑：“现在你放心了？”
这个该死的混蛋！竟然把他关到一个画框空间里！
里面什么都没有，空空荡荡，当然也没有任何能量。
他和外界彻底隔绝了。
最该死的是预言石，他以为那就是个蠢货，结果呢？
他却被一个蠢货给阴了。
预言石意识显然和他一个打算，都想伪装“死亡”来等待以后。
不过刚才的时机太好，预言石意识就没忍住，借着画框对他的强大拖拽力，把他从预言石中踢了出来。
冷静！
预言石主人告诉自己：越是这种时候就越要冷静。
“小友你好，重新介绍一下，我名旬空，翱元王国的大巫之一，司职预言。”
“你好，我叫王叶，游戏名隔壁小王。顺便说一句，我看到你们留下的那堵预言之墙了。‘万年后，能量复苏，隔壁小王死，吾神带领吾族回归。隔壁小王不死，世界毁灭，吾神也难以挽回。’有印象吗？”
王叶冲着这位归来者痞痞的一笑，抓起画框就扔进了虫巢中的隔离间。
Wang Ye smiled at the returnee, grabbed the picture frame and threw it into the isolation room in the insect nest.
Duang！Duang！Duang！旬空大脑如被重锤敲击。
Duang！ Duang！ Duang！ The brains of the sky are like being hit with a hammer.
他这是什么运气？ What kind of luck is this?
竟然一醒来就碰到了最关键人物？ As soon as you wake up, you meet the most critical person?
最糟糕的是，对方知道的似乎并不比他少，他还当着对方的面把他打成了地球叛徒——不，他还有机会扭转，他不能就这么认输！
The worst thing is that the other party doesn't seem to know any less than him, and he still beats him into a traitor to the earth in front of the other party - no, he still has a chance to turn around, he can't just admit defeat!
“隔壁小王？王叶！我有话跟你说！我说的地球叛徒不是你，是另外一个人！当年留下预言之墙的不是我们，是另一个预言者，其实真实的地球毁灭者另有其人，我来地球就是想要寻找你，对付另一个人，他才是真正的灭世者！”
"Xiao Wang next door? Wang Ye! I have something to tell you! I'm talking about a traitor to Earth not you, it's someone else! It was not us who left the wall of prophecy back then, it was another prophet, in fact, the real earth destroyer is someone else, I came to the earth to find you, to deal with another person, he is the real world destroyer! ”
“不管他说什么，你都不要相信。”冰窟里，一道精神力化作的声音响起。
"Whatever he says, don't believe it." In the ice cave, a voice of spiritual power turned into a sound sounded.
声音还有点嫩，像是小孩子。 The voice is still a little tender, like a child.
“我是预言石。你放我走，并发誓永远不会伤害我，我就把旬空的来历，还有他来到地球的真正目的都告诉你。另外我还可以发誓，我绝不会伤害地球和这里的生灵，只要他们不主动先伤害我。”
"I am the Prophecy Stone. If you let me go, and swear never to hurt me, I will tell you all about the origin of Shunkong and the true purpose of his coming to earth. I can also swear that I will never harm the Earth and its creatures, as long as they don't take the initiative to hurt me first. ”
王叶从冰墙后面抓出那块天石。 Wang Ye grabbed the Heavenly Stone from behind the ice wall.
天石自动裂开，露出包裹在最里面的预言石。 The Celestial Stone automatically cracked, revealing the Prophecy Stone wrapped in the innermost part.
石头很漂亮，无论质感还是外形，都很像雨花石，而且是有天然景色的雨花石。
The stone is very beautiful, both in texture and appearance, it is very similar to the rain flower stone, and it is a rain flower stone with natural scenery.
下方的蓝色水纹是湖泊，上层飘荡着一些雾气，石头边沿像是有重峦叠嶂的山脉。
The blue water streaks below are lakes, there is some mist floating from the top, and the edges of the stones look like mountains with heavy mountains.
王叶看得有点入神，真的很美。
“叶子！”雷木精神力刺了他一下。 "Leaves!" Lei Mu's spiritual power stabbed him.
王叶捏了捏预言石，他还没想怎么样呢。
预言石就大喊起来：“我可以帮你预言！只要你解除我和旬空的契约，我就可以和你契约，为你服务，你不需要预言能力就能成为大预言师！你可以知道未来，你可以得到一切！旬空，还有他的老师都是得到我才成为十二大巫之一，他们本身并不是预言者。”
第387章 真相
王叶忽然感到了雷木的紧张。
但雷木偏在这时保持了沉默，他不想影响他的选择。
王叶低低笑起来。
有预知能力是很不错，毕竟他就亲身感受到拥有上辈子的记忆的好处。
就是现在他依然需要上辈子的记忆来指点自己。
但预知能力就像是看起来最无害、但最诱人的毒品，所有受过基础教育的人都能知道预言能力的危害性。
可尝过它的滋味、体会到它的好处后，又有几个人舍得放弃？
王叶抛了抛预言石，这玩意绝不是什么好东西，别以为特意弄出一副小奶音就能迷惑他。
之前这家伙可是在他一进镇就想杀死他，之后也没想放过他。
当年凤仙镇的混乱也有它的一份功劳。
如果没有后来石卵琉光的强辐射造成的“疫情”，预言石才是镇子最大的祸害。
“来，说说看你都知道什么？”
“你先发誓永远不会伤害我。”预言石坚持道。
王叶摇头：“我不会发这样的誓言，但我可以保证只要你不做坏事、不落到我手里，我也懒得对你做什么。至于你前面做的事情，只要你如实告诉我我想知道的事情，我可以一笔勾销。”
“我发誓不会再主动伤害你！”预言石抢着道。
王叶无语：“你是不是很喜欢用誓言约束别人和自己，但实际上一直在钻空子？”
预言石一派天真地道：“我之前的主人都是这样啊，如果你觉得我做的不好，你可以教我。我们可以契约，我可以做你的伙伴，有我在，你以后不管是探险还是做某些事情之前，我都可以帮你指出最安全、收获最大的途径。”
王叶沉吟，貌似很动心：“听起来真不错。那么我的朋友，先跟我说说你前主人来到地球的真实目的吧，包括他的来历。你总得让我看看你的诚意。”
“你、你不会毁掉我的意识？”
“我刚才说了，你告诉我我想知道的，作为交换，我们之前的恩怨就一笔勾销，既然没有恩怨，我为什么要伤害你？”
“你不会在我说完后，就翻脸说觉得我是祸害，想要灭掉我吧？”预言石哭兮兮地道。
王叶似笑非笑：“那么你觉得自己是祸害吗？”
“我当然不是！”预言石也在判断面前少年能不能相信，心里它是一点都不相信这个少年，而且它并没有感觉到对方被它诱惑，虽然对方装得很像，哼哼。
但现在不管它信也好不信也好，它只有和少年合作，才有存在下去的可能。
少年和它以前的几任主人不同，它的前主人们就算不想它生出意识，也只会毁灭它的意识，而不会毁灭它的本体，但眼前少年如果要对它动手，绝对是会连它的本体一起毁掉。
不要问它为什么这么笃定，它可是预言石。
少年的手握住它时，它就看到了三十分钟内的数个未来。
之前它还只能看到直接接触者五分钟以内的未来，现在控制它的旬空的精神力和它之间的联系变得若有若无，它终于可以看到更长时间的未来。
只不过以前它只会看到一个必然会发生的未来，可现在它却看到了好几个。
以前它的主人们也遇到过这样的人，这种人被它的前前前任主人称为不可测者。
这种人的命运通常一片模糊，再厉害的预言师也无法看到他的未来，只能通过预言别的人的人生来窥探一二。
所以预言石看到的是它自己的命运，可因为王叶这个不可测者，它看到的就是好几种可能，而不是必定的某个未来。
它可不像它的使用者们受预言术的限制无法窥探自己的命运，它可以看到自己的。
预言石通过几种未来判断，它想存活，只能选择和少年合作，而且一定要说实话。
这个少年似乎有能力分辨它说的是实话还是谎话。
王叶可不知道预言石已经看到它自个儿的未来，并做出了它认为的最优选择。
所以当预言石呱唧呱唧把旬空的来历和真实目的都一股脑儿说出来时，他还特意看了看因果卷。
预言石说出来，就表示这件事已经发生过，王叶就能从因果卷上看到旬空的过去。但这有个前提，那就是预言石说的必须是真实，如果是假的，王叶想要看到旬空的过去就会被因果卷拒绝。
这就像考试考完以后，老师公开了答案，王叶就能根据答案去看别人的卷子答对多少。
但如果还在考试期间，他自然无法去看别人的考卷，非要看，那就要付出莫大代价，还不一定看到。
虽然麻烦了一点，但王叶也因此开发出因果卷的另一个用途：分辨口供真伪。
根据预言石的述说，王叶又提了几个问题，终于整理出了一个大概真相。
旬空果然在说谎，他的话就没有几句真实。
真实是：
翱元王国和自由联盟国的大祭司在离开地球前，就都计算出地球将在一万两千年后再次进入能量苏醒期。而每次能量复苏期间，地球都会有很多特异之处，这个时候待在地球好处良多。
原本两国人都希望能在能量复苏期重返地球。
但同样是在脱离地球前就有预言大师做出预言，说如果离开的人在万年后回到地球，会导致地球和重返者一起毁灭。
为此，这名大师明令禁止大家在万年后重返地球，至少在能量复苏后的百年内都不可以。
但另一名预言大师，也就是预言石的前前前任主人却从中找到了“一线生机”，他觉得只要杀死关键人物隔壁小王，他们就可以重新回归地球，不但能享受地球复苏期的种种好处，还能抢占主导地位，成为地球所有生灵新的王者和神灵。
为此，这位被称为先知、并把先知当做自己名字的预言者，在离开地球前就提前埋线，留下预言之墙警告地球人隔壁小王会是灭世者，他希望借由地球人的手提前消灭隔壁小王。
【万年后，能量复苏，隔壁小王死，吾神带领吾族回归。隔壁小王不死，世界毁灭，吾神也难以挽回。】
这就是那位先知在预言之墙上留下的预言内容。
从内容看，他其实并没有说谎，他只是掐头去尾。让看到这段预言的人下意识把世界毁灭的锅扣在了隔壁小王头上。
而真正的预言内容则是：【万年后，能量复苏，回归者与火雨一同降临，天翻地覆。隔壁小王率领地球守卫战士抵抗回归者，世界毁灭，最后一丝火种湮灭，神灵也难以挽回。】
两种预言造成离开者两种态度。
一万两千年过去，还想着回去地球的离开者已经越来越少，而且出去不容易、回去同样困难。
旬空为了自身利益，暗中谋害了他的老师，也是翱元王国现存十二大巫之一的预知大巫。
翱元王国在离开地球到达新的世界后，万年来也发生了极大变化。
大祭司职位消失，取而代之的是十二大巫。
预言大巫的地位很高，但每一代预言大巫的实力都在降低，预言能力也越来越不行，到了旬空老师那一代，他已经完全无法预言，预言只能靠预言石。
当旬空得知这点，他对他的老师就再也没有任何敬畏心——只要他能夺得预言石并和其契约，他就也能成为预言大巫，成为地位崇高的十二大巫之一。
旬空成功得到了预言石，但想要契约预言石也不是那么简单，以旬空的实力，他最后只契约了使用权。
这也是预言石敢于反噬旬空的原因，它和旬空之间的契约关系十分薄弱。
虽然旬空得到了预言石，但他发现他的实力在疯狂上涨一次后就停滞下来。
这和他的天赋以及资质有关，他本来就不是预言系，而是梦境操纵者。
但他的梦境操纵能力也很普通，直到得到预言石后，才能凭借完全像是真实的梦境，让做梦者在梦境中死亡。
旬空不甘心实力只能达到十一级，他还想冲刺十二级乃至更高层次，他想去往更高能的世界。
在旬空的生命进入衰竭期时，他终于找到那名先知留下的日记，得知地球将进入复苏期的事。
旬空觉得这是他的莫大机会，因为他听过传言，据说世界能量复苏期间产生的庞大能量可以冲刷该世界所有生灵的身体，改变他们的体质，甚至能大幅度提升他们的天赋以及资质。
这也许是世界意识的怜悯，为了让生灵们更好地迎接环境异变，但这何尝不是这些生灵们提高生命层次的最好机会？
旬空不想放过这个机会。
一整个世界的能量复苏啊，人的一生能碰到几次这样的机会？
于是旬空查找各种资料，做了各种准备，终于找到返回地球的方法。
但旬空在返回途中，在空间通道的剧烈能量风暴下失去了肉身。
他最后只能依靠预言石的强韧程度，把自己的魂体藏在预言石中，而预言石则在降落到地球前，钻入一块巨大的岩石中，化身陨石从天降落，落到凤仙镇。
过程中旬空还昏迷过去，但昏迷过去的他也不忘控制预言石，不让它逃离自己的掌控。
“旬空有一点没说谎，”预言石可不想和地球一起毁灭，就赶紧补充道：“除了他，还有其他人也想重返地球，有过去翱元王国的后代，也有自由联盟者的后代，他们都是贪图地球复苏期的好处才想要回来。”
“哪怕万年前的预言大师明令禁止他们回来？”王叶皱眉。
“那可是一万两千多年前的预言，那位大师也早就去世。而且你别忘了，我的前前前任主人，那名先知可是给出了一线生机，也就是……”
“杀了隔壁小王？”
“对。”预言石忍不住问：“你之前跟旬空说你就是隔壁小王？这是真的吗？”
虫巢中小的们都在叫，金宝叫得最响：“爸叽，你完了，好多超级大佬要来追杀你了，我们快回双月星吧~”
王叶在思考一个问题，上辈子他会死得那么早，是不是就跟这些回归者有关？
上辈子他在地球的仇家很多，摩罗瓦只是其中之一。
他当时并没有考虑太多，只以为自己性格糟糕，加上得到了元宇宙钥匙才会被地球玩家从游戏一路追杀到现实中。
现在想想，为了一把从游戏中得到的虚拟宝贝，竟然惹得现实中那么多人找他麻烦，甚至追杀他，本来也是一件相当奇葩的事情。
那么这些追杀他的人当中会不会就有回归者？
不对，按照预言内容，回归者是和火雨一同降临，也许他死之前，大量的回归者还没有来到地球，那么对付他的很可能就是……旬空。
上辈子他可没有来到凤仙镇。
他也没有听过凤仙的大名。
那么会不会旬空最终还是醒来，并控制了某些人，或干脆夺舍某个人，然后开始找他麻烦，一心想要杀死他？
他的脑肿瘤也许不是那时还很弱的摩罗瓦造成，很可能是旬空。
也有可能旬空和摩罗瓦身后的组织，甚至是和邪神巴勒合作，阴死了他。
一切都有可能。
王叶想到一点，打开因果卷，精神力触碰凤仙的名字。
他想看看凤仙上辈子的结局。他推测旬空很可能杀死了凤仙。
果然，凤仙上辈子的结局没有消耗他多少精神力，就出现在他脑海中。
凤仙死了，死在冰窟内。
那名外国商人的尸体也还在冰窟内，他看到了对方手表上显示的时间——该手表有年月日显示，竟然就是今天中午之前！
也就是说上辈子旬空也在这段时间醒来了，并对上了不知为何找过来的凤仙。
旬空想要夺舍凤仙，还想吞噬她的精神核补充自己，没想到凤仙的灵魂竟然是不断涅槃重生的大佬。
凤仙虽然没有恢复全部的记忆，也没能恢复原本的实力，但她的灵魂岂是普通灵魂能消灭和吞噬的？
旬空虽然依靠自己磅礴的精神力和预言石的力量，把凤仙拉入梦境，杀死了她，还把她的灵魂驱逐出她的身体，但他也付出了极大代价，最后只能带着重伤逃走。
这也是旬空明明拥有预言石和操梦的能力，却没有在地球传出名声的缘故，因为他的精神核受到重创，他很长时间都花在疗伤上，还得忙着寻找隔壁小王的真实身份，对付隔壁小王。
而上辈子，王叶直到十九岁才进入游戏，他声名大噪则是在他二十三岁以后。
旬空和摩罗瓦等人大概就是在他二十三岁以后才找到他，并对他暗中下手。
王叶再看因果卷上凤仙的结局，那里还有一句话：凤仙灵魂发现被旬空打到重伤的桂花奶奶，为了挽救其，进入其身体。
桂花奶奶的灵魂也没有就此消失，而是两魂一体一起活了下去。
所以桂花奶奶才能以一个普通人的身躯活到了地球毁灭的最后一刻。
凤仙原本应该是想等到桂花奶奶寿终正寝的那一天，顺便养好自己的魂体伤势，再去寻找旬空夺回自己的身体——没有自己的身体，她就没办法涅槃重生。
谁想到她再也没有等到那一天……
第388章 虫老在木星？
狂风大作，暴雨倾盆。
凤仙加快速度把晒在外面的东西全都收回屋里。
桂花奶奶则在屋里收拾，把门窗全都关好。
“凤仙啊，小叶子呢？他跑哪儿去了？我们这儿好久没刮这么大风、下这么大雨了，他要是跑到山里该有多危险。”老太太担心无比地唠叨。
凤仙把最后几串蒜头连同一个大扫帚收进来，关上堂屋门道：“娘，不用担心他。那小子是个有道行的道士，这点风雨根本伤不了他。”
“哦哦，那凤仙你说这么大风雨会不会就是小叶子搞出来的呀？”老太太来了精神。
凤仙站在毛玻璃窗边，推开一条窗户缝往外看。
从她有记忆以来，镇子就没有过这么大的风雨。他们镇子因为四面环山的缘故，就像一个被保护的盆地，有大风都被四周的山给挡住。
再看天空，简直黑得可怕。
凤仙微微皱眉，觉得这天象有点不对劲。
王叶这时还在冰窟里跟预言石交谈，并没有注意到外面的狂风暴雨。
“我有几个问题。首先，为什么做梦的人只能看到地球最后一人的未来？”
预言石都说那么多了，自然不会在这点小事上隐瞒，坦白道：“因为旬空在昏迷前就一心想看到地球最后的结局，他选定的目标就是地球最后一人，他通过我看到一半，半途昏了过去。而我和他之间有契约，在没有其他操纵者、而我的精神力又无法压得过旬空的情况下，只能按照他的意志进行预言。”
预言石又赶紧补充：“当然，如果是直接接触的话，我也可以让直接接触者看到他自己的未来，只不过看到的时间不长。”
王叶表示了解，又问：“你当时让我看的未来就是指定地球最后一人的未来吗？”
预言石迟疑：“我是想这么做，但我不确定你到底看到了什么。因为你的精神力相当强大，如果按照等级划分，你的精神力等级相当于我们那边的十级顶阶，和旬空也就相差一级。”
看来那边的实力等级划分倒是和双月星很像。王叶收回分岔的思绪，敲敲预言石：“说详细。”
It seems that the strength level over there is very similar to the Twin Moon Star. Wang Ye retracted his bifurcated thoughts and knocked on the prophecy stone: "Tell me in detail." ”
预言石：“我是说我无法控制你看到什么。我借用旬空的精神力想让你看到地球最后一人的未来，并且让你认为你就是那个人，但如果你产生强烈违和感，认为自己不是那个人，你就很难进入这个预知梦。但你还是进入预知梦了，还做了很长时间的梦，那就表示你对梦中那个身份并没有产生违和感。”
“根据你的问话来看，你看到的不是地球最后一人的未来？那是谁？你自己吗？”
王叶没有回答这个问题，他已经弄明白他为什么会看到单天行上辈子的未来了。
其实刚一入镇时，他就感觉到有人在攻击他——预言石在拉他入梦，但因为他已经有所提防，预言石一开始并没有得逞，反而让他察觉。
所以他会询问其他人：有没有察觉一股怪异的能量。
后来他万般提防，小心入镇，可预言石还是对他发动了第二次攻击，并且因为察觉他精神力很强，就借用了旬空的精神力来对付他。
为此他在进入镇子商业街阶段时就已经被强行拽入梦中，他之后看到的小镇、走在青石板上的情景，其实都是他在梦中看到和感觉到的，他那时应该就已经是桂花奶奶。
但他是个少年，桂花奶奶是个女人，还是个年纪大的老太太，她走路、看景、以及身体状况，都和他有极大不同。
所以他立刻排斥起这个身份。
然后他就脱离了桂花奶奶的身份，但因为旬空强大的精神力和预言石的能力，他并没能成功离开梦境，而是转到了陨星魔法学校，成为了单天行。
会看到单天行的未来，一个是他曾经看过这人的未来，冥冥中他很可能明白这是个关键人物，非常想要看到他的未来。
还有一个重要原因就是旬空给预言石锁定的预言目标，世界最后一人。
偏偏他这辈子对双月星非常有认同感，梦中变成单天行，就那么生活在双月星也没有感到违和，这才会被迷惑住。
预言石看王叶不回答，忍不住道：“你还有什么问题？你到底打算怎么对我……”
王叶摆手笑：“别急，我确实还有几个问题。一万两千多年前，那名自称先知的老家伙就是你的前前前任主人对吧？我比较好奇，他到底看到了什么，为什么他得到的是隔壁小王这个名字，而不是我的本名？”
Wang Ye waved his hand and smiled: "Don't worry, I do have a few questions." More than 12,000 years ago, that old fellow who claimed to be a prophet was your former master, right? I'm curious, what did he see, and why did he get the name Xiao Wang next door instead of my real name? ”
预言石不爽少年问题太多，毛躁地回：“我那时还没有生出意识，我哪里知道他看到了什么。”
The prophecy stone was unhappy with too many questions, and replied frizzily: "I was not conscious at that time, how do I know what he saw." ”
看王叶眼中闪过凶光，预言石想到自己的“小命”还控制在对方手中，立刻纠正态度：“但我可以推测出来。他们预言师如果没有类同我这样的存在的帮忙，看到的未来都是非常模糊和片面的，很多甚至十分抽象，需要他们去解读，有时候还会解读错误，所以预言术从来都是最难的学科之一。”
Seeing that a fierce light flashed in Wang Ye's eyes, the prophecy stone thought that his "little life" was still in the hands of the other party, and immediately corrected his attitude: "But I can speculate." Without the help of beings like me, they see the future very vaguely and one-sidedly, many of which are even very abstract, and they need to interpret them, and sometimes they interpret them wrongly, so prophecy has always been one of the most difficult subjects. ”
王叶以前也上过占卜课，听到过类似内容，所以很多占卜师都喜欢弄个水晶球。这不是他们故意装模作样，而是水晶球就是他们的工具。
说简单点，预言者就像是地球现代的科学家们，预言石就像电脑。
To put it simply, the prophet is like the modern scientists of the earth, and the prophetic stone is like a computer.
科学家们掌握了大量的知识，会运用各种公式和理论，但没有电脑，他们的工作效率会大大降低，计算时的出错率也高。但有了电脑，他们就可以快速且更准确地得出结论。
Scientists have a lot of knowledge and can use various formulas and theories, but without computers, their work efficiency is greatly reduced, and the error rate in their calculations is also high. But with a computer, they can draw conclusions quickly and more accurately.
而旬空就像是学习梦境心理学的，却眼馋气象局的工作，非要去冒充他是搞气象研究的，幸好他有一台专精气象知识的电脑（预言石），才没有被人戳穿。
And Shunkong is like studying dream psychology, but he is greedy for the work of the Meteorological Bureau, so he has to pretend that he is engaged in meteorological research, but fortunately he has a computer (prophecy stone) that specializes in meteorological knowledge, so he has not been exposed.
“重点。”王叶催促。 "Focus." Wang Ye urged.
预言石身在矮檐下不得不低头：“重点就是预言者们会抓取最明显、出现最多的关键词和关键景象。但根据解读不同，能得到完全不一样的预言内容。”
“就像是……预言者们都看到了火、听到有人冲着火焰叫老虎、感觉到寒冷。那么有的预言者会预言未来会降温，天气变冷，人们烤火时会有猛虎来袭。有的预言者会认为虎从火焰中来，它带来了寒冷。更有预言大师会透过现象看本质，简单说酷暑之后就是严寒。”
王叶懂了，敢情学术不行的预言者就是一群看图说话、用关键词造句的家伙。怪不得双月星好多自称预言系的预言者都是十说九不中。
预言石：“万年前的那名先知就是通过我的本体看到了一些未来的片段，而他为什么会知道隔壁小王，却忽视你的本名，九成是因为隔壁小王这个名字比你的本名更响亮、被更多人得知，也有很多人直接这样称呼你。所以被他捕捉到了。”
王叶深吸气：“这么说他所谓的一线生机，也是他自己分析出来的？”
预言石：“就是这样了。翱元王国大祭司的预言是——万年后，能量复苏，回归者与火雨一同降临，天翻地覆。隔壁小王率领地球守卫战士抵抗回归者，世界毁灭，最后一丝火种湮灭，神灵也难以挽回。”
“而我的前前前任就深度分析了这段预言，因为他也看到了你，所以他认为你是关键人物，认为只要消灭你，你就无法率领地球守卫战士抵抗回归者，那么理所当然，世界也就不会毁灭。”
王叶冷笑：“实际上我死了，地球和那些回归者会毁灭的更快，你信不？”
预言石能说不信吗？
王叶超级不爽：“你的前前前任主人，那个傻逼先知，他怎么就不想想，我为什么要带人反抗回归者？那些回归者回到地球都做了什么？如果同胞远行归家，只要他们没有恶意，我们没事开什么战？”
“还有，究其根本，如果回归者没有回归地球，他们就不会带来火雨……对，他们还带来了火雨，才造成地球天翻地覆！如果他们没回来，地球说不定压根就没事。”
王叶骂了一句难听的脏话，他想到了那个外国商人刻在拘留室墙壁上的那些词汇，排列在最后一个的就是陨石，然后就是世界毁灭。
天降火雨，不就是天降陨石的场景吗？
换言之，那些回归者是跟着无数陨石一起回来的？！
日他仙人板板哟！
“你刚才说除了旬空以外，还有其他人也想回到地球对吧？旬空之前说有外星人要袭击地球，这些外星人是不是就是指那些回归者？还有他们现在人是不是就在木星？”
预言石感觉到了深重的精神压力，这个隔壁小王比之前更可怕了，他的精神力现在似乎已经超过十级，进入了十一级？
十一级在他们那边也是顶尖存在，否则旬空也不可能继承他老师的位子成为新翱元十二大巫之一。
“没错。木星是中转站，现在已经有一批人到达了木星内部。”预言石自然不会帮助那些人隐瞒他们的踪迹。
“木星内部？”王叶诧异。
预言石有点骄傲地道：“你见识太少啦，并不是所有星球都像地球一样，生物都生存在地球表面，也有很多星球，那里的生灵都居住在星球内部，星核就是太阳。甚至有些星球内部大的就像一个星系，居住在里面的人都以为那就是一个完整宇宙。”
王叶心中一动，大脑更是像有电流蹿过。
太阳系、银河系，乃至他们看到和认知中的宇宙，会不会就是在一个星球中？
只不过这个星球大的让他们难以想象。
而以前离开的人，是不是就是突破了“这个星球”，看到了真正的外界？
“当年离开的人都去了哪里？”这个问题就是王叶单纯好奇了。
预言石吐了口气：“这让我怎么回答呢？那个世界用你们的发音，叫博夕。那里很大很大，从外表看，就像有着一个巨大小行星带的星球。但这些小行星带中的小行星几乎每一个都是一个完整的世界，生活着各种智慧生物。”
“当年离开地球的人，很多都去了博夕，但至今为止，他们都只住在小行星带的小行星上，而没能踏足最中间的巨大星球。不要小看那些小行星，只要是有生物居住的，最小的也有地球三分之一的面积，最大的是地球的十倍都有。你现在可以想象这些小行星环绕的巨大星球到底有多大了。”
“虽然连同小行星带，那个世界都叫博夕，但为了便于区分，那里的智慧生物提到博夕，指的就是他们环绕的那个巨大星球，而小行星带则以域为名，每一个小行星世界都有自己另外的名字。比如翱元王国待的那个小行星小世界，就叫冬休域。自由联盟现在生活的地方则叫飞鸟域。”
王叶记下了冬休域这个名字，他猜测如果他师父真的被传送走，可能就去了冬休域。
等等，好像还有哪里不对劲。
“你说木星是中转站？难道万年前离开的人也是通过木星中转？”
“对啊，木星那边有更远古时候留下来的通往博夕的空间通道，他们有很长一段时间就生活在木星内部，去博夕星可是需要条件的呢。否则那么多人，那边怎么可能说接受就接受？”
预言石不知道想到什么，发出怪笑：“那边的日子可不好过。别看翱元王国当年在地球能排前三，但到了那边，就算只是在冬休域，他们也只能勉强挤入前十。”
“否则旬空和那些人为什么心心念念想要回来？他们都是想要吃一波能量复苏的红利，再找一些好东西，打着提升自己后再回去那边的主意。当然如果地球这边足够好，能量比冬休域和飞鸟域还要充足，他们在这里留下来也有可能。毕竟过来回去都不是一件容易事，而且宁为鸡头不为凤尾嘛。”
“去他么的鸡头！”王叶不客气地喷：“那些家伙当我们地球是什么，在别人那边就夹着尾巴过日子，回来就想耀武扬威凌驾在我们所有人头上？做他们的春秋大梦！”
“你别跟我生气啊，我就是一块石头，这些话又不是我说的，我也没打算在任何地方称王称霸，我就想……”预言石忽然迷茫，它想干什么呢？
王叶也戳它：“对啊，你想干什么呢？继续当别人的工具，给人预言？你不觉得这样的日子太无聊了吗？”
预言石想要变强，想要没有人可以再操控它，更别想说毁灭就毁灭它。
变强应该不难，只要把它放在一个智慧生物众多的地方，或者精神能量磅礴的地方，它就可以慢慢吸收游离能量来充实自己。
或者还可以跟这个狡猾少年商量，它帮他预言，他给它找一些能量充足的精神体让它吞噬消化。
这样它可以更快地强大起来。
然后呢？
变强以后，它要做什么？
预言石忽然发现它不知道变强后要做什么了。
干掉它的控制者旬空好获得自由，现在这个目的似乎已经达到了，那个少年必定不可能再放旬空出来，九成会困死他。
那么接下来它还有什么可做的事情？
金宝听到这儿，再也忍不住，钻出来，冲着预言石叽叽道：“小石头，我们的未来是星辰大海呀，我们可以一起去流浪，去探索无穷宇宙的奥秘叽！”
预言石：“……”哇哦，听起来好像有点带劲啊。
王叶一看金宝似乎很想把预言石叼回家——他可不想家里多这么一个“祸害”，立刻把金宝塞回虫巢。
金宝还不愿意，塞进去又自己跑出来，跟预言石叽叽咕咕：“小石头，你知道赌场吗？我们一起去赌场赚钱钱吧，你能预言，我们肯定能赚到好多好多钱钱，然后我们就可以买好多好多好吃好玩好看的~，我们对半分叽~”
靳蜘蛛：“嚯！小叶子，你这个儿子教的可真好。”
小云、小光和大黑都蠢蠢欲动：带预言石去赌博，好像可以赚大钱哎。
雷木忍笑。
王叶一把揪住金宝的脖子，捏起来就吼：“金宝！” Wang Ye grabbed Jinbao's neck, pinched it and shouted: "Jinbao! ”
小兔崽子不得了了，竟然知道要带预言石去赌场赌博。 The little rabbit cub was so shocked that he knew that he was going to take the prophecy stone to the casino to gamble.
这都谁教他的？
反正不是他！也绝不会是雷木。
“你老子我辛辛苦苦不敢背负……不敢惹麻烦，你倒好，竟然还敢用预言能力去赌博。金小宝，你可真有才！”王叶狰狞一笑，用力晃了晃金色的小坑爹货：“为了奖励你，从今天开始，一个月不准看电视，也不准上网。”
“爸叽？”金宝如遭雷击。
王叶手指按住金宝，比起教育这个坑爹货，他还有更重要的事询问预言石：“翱元王国当年留在地球的传送阵，传送地点是不是就在木星内部？”
预言石刚刚被金宝打开一扇神奇的大门，还没回过神，闻言本能回答：“是。”
第389章 处理凤仙镇的尾巴
王叶跟预言石约法三章，暂时把预言石扔进了虫巢。
他还没想好要怎么处理这枚预言石。
原本他想销毁对方，但他手指刚按在这枚石头上，就发现因果卷上出现了大量重重叠叠的线，都要把这枚石头裹成一个线球了。
这表示这枚石头还有很多未来和牵扯，他如果在此时毁灭对方，那么他就得背负起一份超大因果。
但他也不可能契约这枚预言石。
王叶怀疑因果卷颜色变得这么可怕，大约就与预言石有关。
不管他是契约对方还是毁灭对方，恐怕他的未来都会很恐怖。
王叶一点都不想变成预言系的神棍。就算他有上辈子的记忆，但随着他改变得越多，上辈子很多内容已经不足以参考，而且他的记忆只维持到二十九岁他生日过后那天。
再说记忆和预言那就是两码事。
记忆有很多不确定性，且未来会根据你的作为不断改变。但预言却跟你拿了答案在答题一样，且不管题目怎么变化，你都会知道答案。
王叶很贪，喜欢薅羊毛。但他属于能占的便宜才会伸手，不能占、不该占的便宜，他碰都不会碰的那种人。
简言之，他有度。
而契约预言石就超出了他的度。
“你不打算契约预言石？”雷木忽然问。
王叶对雷木向来很坦诚，他说了大实话：“我怕控制不住自己。人的底线是会一步步降低的，贪婪也会一点点提高。我只要用了预言石一次，就会想要用第二次。比如我现在就很想问预言石，师父们是不是都好，我要怎么做才能最快找到他们。”
“等以后，我是不是要问要如何避开地球和双月星毁灭的局面？要如何解决寄生虫族和长生会，要如何阻止归来者，要如何突破十级达到十一级……乃至我会忍不住想要知道我和你什么时候死亡，金宝他们未来又是如何，我会想知道很多很多。如此，我就会一步步陷进去，直到我再也无法离开预言石，人生也彻底被预言左右。”
雷木精神力如微风般轻抚少年：“你做得对。”
“我只是不想被预言石控制，成为命运的傀儡。”王叶抚摸细丝：“预言石的主人大概都以为他们控制了预言石，但实际上他们才是被控制的一方。尤其是旬空和他的老师，与其说他们在借用预言石预言，不如说预言石在借用他们的精神力修炼，顺便给他们看到一点未来。”
“那你打算怎么处理预言石？”雷木问。
王叶沉吟片刻：“我原本打算毁了预言石，但我的直觉告诉我，这东西就算被我毁了，也会在另外一个地方重新生出，它就像是……”
“必然存在的东西。”雷木接口。
王叶打了个响指：“对。毁了它没有任何意义，无论是双月星还是地球，都有不少预言者，我总不能把具有预言能力的人都毁掉。既然我不打算杀光预言者，我又为什么要毁掉预言石？就因为它预言的准确率高达百分百吗？”
“存在既有理，只要它不碍我的事、不再找我的麻烦，我既然说了前面的恩怨一笔勾销，那就真一笔勾销。不过也不能就这么放它在地球上，我怕有人找到它受不住诱惑，利用预言搞出一堆事。”
“最好这石头能自己成长成熟，不再成为别人的工具，当它成为一个有智慧的独立个体，它九成也不会想要一生都活在预言中。”
王叶打算去找师父的途中，找个无人小行星把预言石丢了，或者直接丢入宇宙中也行，反正石头也不需要吃喝，它可以慢慢等待、慢慢吸收宇宙能量成长。
On the way to find the master, Wang Ye planned to find an unmanned asteroid and throw the prophecy stone away, or throw it directly into the universe, anyway, the stone doesn't need to eat or drink, it can wait slowly and slowly absorb the energy of the universe to grow.
雷木也觉得这个办法不错，又笑道：“那石头没找你谈，也没跟你闹，我想它很可能已经看到它的未来，并且接受了你的处置措施。”
Lei Mu also thought that this solution was good, and said with a smile: "The stone didn't talk to you, and it didn't mess with you, I think it probably has seen its future and accepted your measures." ”
事实就是如此，预言石刚刚被王叶握住时就再次施展预言能力，看到三十分钟内，它和少年展开了一次谈判。
少年很坦言地跟它说要把它带出地球，放到其他小行星上，或者就丢入宇宙。
The boy told him frankly that he would take it out of the earth, put it on other asteroids, or throw it into the universe.
它一开始很生气，但想到那条金色小四脚蛇说的“他们的未来在星辰大海，可以去探索宇宙奥秘”，它就觉得这种流浪生涯也挺有意思。
It was angry at first, but when it thought of the little golden four-legged snake saying that "their future is in the sea of stars, they can explore the mysteries of the universe", and it thought that this wandering life was also quite interesting.
甚至它都不想去预言自己的未来，就想看看它会落到什么地方。
Even it doesn't want to predict its future, it just wants to see where it goes.
这种一切交给未知的未来似乎更有意思？ Does this kind of leave everything to the unknown future seems more interesting?
预言石决定不再询问，它开始期待未知。 The Prophecy Stone decides not to ask any more, and it begins to look forward to the unknown.
金宝跟小叶子爸爸闹腾半天，也没能让狠心的小叶子爸爸改变主意，伤心得胖肚叽都瘪了。
Jinbao had a long time with Xiao Yezi's father, but he couldn't make the ruthless little Yezi's father change his mind, and he was so sad that his fat belly was deflated.
预言石咕噜噜滚到他身边。 The Prophecy Stone purred and rolled to him.
金宝跳到它身上，小肚叽压住它，那忧郁悲伤的气氛都感染到了预言石。
Jinbao jumped on it, and the little belly pressed against it, and the melancholy and sad atmosphere infected the prophecy stone.
预言石小声道：“你为什么这么难过？” The Prophecy Stone whispered, "Why are you so sad? ”
金宝不想说话。 Jinbao didn't want to speak.
预言石又道：“我答应王叶，不会在未经他许可的情况下使用预言，所以我没办法帮你去赌场赌博。”
“不是因为赌博。”金宝眼睛里冒出水珠珠：“是因为小叶子爸爸一个月都不让我看电视，也不让我上网，呜哇！”
金宝嚎啕大哭。
“看电视和上网是什么？”预言石不懂。
金宝嗷嗷哭着，一边哭还一边不忘鄙视预言石：“你竟然……嗝……连看电视和上网是什么都不知道……你乡下来的吗？”
预言石：“……是啊，我乡下来的。”
旬空带着它出发前，可是抱着神灵降世到凡人世界的观念。旬空以为地球这么多年都处在能量寂灭期，就算上面的人类有所发展，也远远比不上他们这些超凡者。
偏偏旬空看到的人类未来，就是一个生活在偏远乡镇中、一生都没有离开家乡见识不多的女子的一生，而柴桂花家里最先进的电器就是收音机和电灯，断电后，电灯就不用了，收音机没有电池也响不起来。
所以旬空一直以为地球那些留守者后代都过得跟柴桂花一样，甚至远远不如。
因为柴桂花是活到最后的人类，旬空还一直误以为柴桂花是地球人类中重要人物的家属。
而重要人物的生活环境和条件当然是最好。
随着金宝抽抽搭搭的解释，预言石这才发现地球留守者后代们的生活似乎过得相当不错，至少那电视和网络听起来就像是超高级复合型术法，却走入了千家万户，人人都能使用。
而且有电视和网络，似乎足不出户就能知晓天下事，还能冒充专业级大佬。
“网络上还能算命呢，我每天都要看星座预言，有的真的很准。我跟你说哦，我跟雷木爸爸的星座是一样的叽~”金宝说着说着就兴奋起来，他不伤心了，开始追问预言石是什么星座什么属相什么血型。打算有网了，就帮预言石算算他的未来。
小云、小光和大黑都凑过来了，他们都是被金宝拉下水的网络占卜派，成天看星座预言，还搞每日一签。他们不是迷信，就是好玩。
几只叽叽呜呜汪汪咿咿，讨论哪个网站的星座预言最准。
金宝兴奋道：“我们不去赌场了，小石头我们可以在网上弄个占卜算命工作室，小事一千，大事三万起步，以预言石的准确率，肯定能客如云来叽~！”
预言石：“……”
靳蜘蛛戳王叶，感叹：“你把你儿子教得很好。”
王叶不生气，还煞有其事地点头：“嗯，我现在不担心将来把这个坑爹货赶出家门，他会养不活自己了。木木，我们把预言石扔掉的时候，干脆把这个坑爹货也扔了吧。”
雷木但笑不语。
王叶从冰窟出来才发现外面天气恶劣得厉害。
那狂风把山上不少扎根不深的树木都连根拔起，大雨瓢泼，前方的路都看不清楚。
山中无数水流形成大小瀑布，在山中横冲直撞。
一些山石泥土被水流带着冲下。
甚至还有石块从地底跟着旺盛的泉水喷涌而出。
王叶飞了起来，就是他这会儿也不敢在山中随便奔走。
王叶附身往下看。
地貌在改变，发力点就是那个能量眼。
能量喷涌而出，大量水汽上升，温度改变，风力改变，最终形成区域性的狂风暴雨。
还不止这些，能量眼的喷发不止在改变城墙山和凤仙镇的整个地形，在这里生活的所有生灵也开始变化。
王叶倏地飞到山中天池附近，这里是城墙山风景最好的地方，也是凤仙封印琉光卵的地方。
能量眼的喷发导致封印也松动了。
琉光如果感受到大量能量，恐怕也会很快苏醒过来，一旦它开始主动吸收能量眼喷发出的能量，那麻烦就大了。
好吧，看来因果卷变色不止是预言石，还有琉光。
这玩意处理不好，也是他的因果！
王叶进入虫巢，用最快速度做了一个封印箱出来。
随后王叶又出现在湖泊上空。
他学过封印大阵，自然知道阵眼在哪里，不等封印大阵松动，王叶就直接进入阵眼（湖泊）中，从阵眼取出琉光。
为了避免强辐射，王叶取出琉光时就已经把它装入封印箱中。
琉光果然有醒来的迹象，它的强辐射范围扩展了，但王叶没给它彻底醒来的机会。
琉光卵一进入封印箱，感觉不到丝毫能量，就又沉寂了下去。
王叶把封印箱收入虫巢隔离室，转而向镇子飞去。
“凤仙，让大家出来！”王叶飞到镇子上空，用精神力对凤仙大喊。
凤仙从屋里出来，冒雨仰头望向天空，也大声回问：“为什么要让大家出来？”
王叶直接道：“这暴雨中含有大量能量，还是温和的能量，让大家出来淋雨对所有人都有好处。你不是担心那些身体样貌改变的乡亲们吗？这场雨说不定能让她们掌握琉光传染给她们的某些变异力量。快点，别浪费！”
一般来说，刚刚喷涌而出的能量都比较暴烈，但可能因为凤仙镇连同附近的城墙山有一个封印大阵的缘故，这些能量被大阵过滤，暴虐的能量变得十分温和。
也有可能这是天地（世界意识）对凤仙和凤仙镇人的馈赠。
奖励他们从古至今守护这个封印上万年。
王叶看大雨不停，实在舍不得浪费，他瞬移回异能局跟方老简单交谈，接了一批人，又瞬移回钟山市异能分局，接了他姑和祝队长等人，连同一批方老交给他的物资，把他们都送到了凤仙镇。
但王叶没让这些人立刻进镇，而是让他们等在镇子外面，反正整片地都在下雨，他们待在哪里都一样。
王叶也没客气，他把虫巢空间也打开了，让雨水浇入空间。
虫巢中的老小和动植物们都在享受雨水浇灌。
王叶突然想：以后他们家吃蔬菜和肉食恐怕要麻烦了，小光养的动植物和水里游的，恐怕在今天之后都会产生一定变异。
但转而一想，真变异了也不错，他们一家现在吃普通食物根本吃不饱，确实更需要能量充足的食物。
就在雨水中，王叶跟方老和祝队长交代这里的情况。
方老之前就收到王叶的邮件，已经大致了解事情详细，否则他也不会那么快就准备好一批物资和来处理凤仙镇事宜的人手。
不过现在处理人手不需要了，该处理的都被王叶处理好了。
剩下的就是凤仙作为镇子代表，出面和异能局交涉。
这件事将由祝队长负责，祝队长也将驻扎在这里一段时间，就连王沐也过来了，她是听从侄子的建议，打算在这里种田。
王叶看过这里的水土，没有了琉光这个祸害源后，该山镇的水土质量非常好，非常适合栽培一些含有更高能量的蔬菜瓜果，也适合王沐在这里研究新的培植液。
而凤仙镇人口稀少，有封印大阵保护，又是能量眼爆发地，搞好了会是个非常理想的后方基地。
当然具体要怎么做，还看异能局和凤仙商量。
如果凤仙和凤仙镇人不愿意，异能局也不会强行进入，他们顶多在外围建造一个营地。
但凤仙通过王叶和方老接触后，对方老以及异能局印象都非常好。
再加上凤仙镇的人真的太少了，桂花奶奶等人年纪都大了，她们身体再好也需要人照顾。
而且她们也缺少生活物资，虽然按照以前那样还是能生活，但如果能活得更好为什么要委屈她们？
为此，凤仙决定和异能局合作，让异能局少量人手驻入凤仙镇。
另外那些身体变异的女性在淋过雨后，又得到凤仙指点，开始能控制她们体内的特殊成分——她们都被琉光感染过，她们成了真正的异变者，身上的触须也不再只是难看和诡异，它们变成了工具。
经过心理疏导，这些异变女性终于同意接触医生，让异能局的医生和科研工作者能研究她们。
而这对她们并不是坏事，她们可以通过科学研究更了解自己，也能更快地掌握自己的能力。
当第一名异变女性把那些难看的触须重新收回体内，身体颜色恢复正常，毛发也重新长出，凤仙镇人也真正接受了异能局在当地驻扎的事。
而这些异变女性跟着凤仙一起加入了异能局，成为异能注册者和异能局特别行动队队员。
在所有人都忙忙碌碌的时候，王叶从众人眼中消失了一段时间。
他不得不消失，琉光也好，旬空也好，都需要他解决。
但这两者都不是那么好解决的。
王叶寻求了凤仙和靳蜘蛛等人的意见，再参考他自己的学识，他决定用魔法阵慢慢磨死这两只。
如何磨？
魔法阵不是用来吸收他们能量的，而是困住他们。
吸取他们能量的主力是王叶的因果之力。
王叶是在尝试吸收琉光卵的能量时，无意间发现技能【生生不息】不但可以治疗，也可以把他者的能量牵引出来，转移到其他生灵体内。
其实他以前捕杀进入人体的寄生虫也用过这招，但他以为这是专门对付寄生虫的绝招。
没想到这招对付琉光卵也有用。
就是琉光卵的能量太强，这是三名古代大能都拿它无可奈何的存在，琉光卵体内能量之丰富，就不是一时半会能吸收得完，而且因为要小心琉光不顾一切地自爆反抗，还不能大力吸收，只能慢慢来。
就像老鼠偷鸡蛋，得小心翼翼再小心翼翼。
这显然需要相当长的时间，王叶就当带着大家一起专注修炼了。
总算，这事对他们都有不小的好处。
王叶虽然急着想去找师父们，但在雷木的劝告和安抚下，也只能耐下性子一件件处理这些麻烦事。
木木说得不错，事情都做一半，毛毛躁躁什么都想一气完成，最后就是什么都做不成功。
第390章 签筒
凤仙镇无声无息就多出了不少人，但外界并不知道凤仙镇已经打开封锁。
只是凤仙镇外围的城墙山在一阵区域性的、不算很剧烈的地震后突然比原先升高上千米、范围也扩大一圈的事，让周围县城乡村有些惊惧。
但也只是有些。凤仙镇和城墙山在当地就是个出名的怪地，加上位于大山里头，它的变化暂时还影响不到外面的人。
当地政府包括异能局在内，已经联手放出大量消息，在引导当地人的言论。并且做好让大量居民迁移的准备，只不过民众反应不是特别恐慌，就不会动。
而且现在整个世界都在变化，电视、网络、无线电、报纸等各种媒体都在大大方方地报道相关事情。
很多事情就是这样，你越是神神秘秘、遮遮掩掩，民众就越是会好奇、会胡思乱想。
但当有大量报道，还有一堆真真假假的科学家和专家们进行各种层面的分析时，民众们再听到和看到类似的事情，就会想着：哦，又是那事啊，行，知道了，不影响我正常生活就行。
如今对于世界的环境变异，官方给出的解释就是能量复苏。
说的就是真话，没有任何掺假。
至于什么是能量复苏？
最通俗易懂的解说就是：地球在能量复苏期会释放某种特殊活性份子，这种特殊活性分子会激活宇宙暗能量，融合后从而产生一种新型能量，而这种被称为魔力/灵力的能量可以直接被生灵吸收入体内。
同时被释放的特殊活性分子还可以加快生物进化速度，甚而引起身体异变。
而这种能量潮汐变化是有规律的，大概几十万年或者几百万年就会发生一次。
至于异能？
那就是生物进化的一个方向，让人体成为一个多功能输出端口。
官方还特别轻松地告诉老百姓们：别怕，这就是地球母亲给我们的新福利。
从此地球生物将不止是开发大脑、发展身外工具，同时也可以开始进行个体本身的能力开发和培养。
这也是为了地球生物以后进入更广阔的新世界做准备——身体太弱，环境适应性太差，就算利用工具进入别的星球（世界），那也活不长。
官方这么一说，大家就懂了，这是地球人要准备走出地球、走向宇宙了。
据说地球已经不是第一次出现这种巨大异变，在地球漫长的生命中，曾经出现过多次高等文明，但因为能量潮汐的缘故，这些文明要么消失在环境巨变之下，要么就离开了地球。
“我怎么感觉地球就像是培养皿，一代代养出生物，到了一定时间就扔出去，再换一种。”王叶嘀咕。
“很有可能哦。你看我们双月星的生物就非常繁杂，他们都是哪里来的呢？为什么地球只有单一智慧物种？偏偏又和双月星有着紧密联系？”雷木自从得到生命之树的传承，他就知道了更多古老秘密。
王叶眨眨眼睛：“还有智慧寄生虫族、塔塔拉族，他们又是哪里来的？可能像地球这样的培养皿不止一个。这样说来，我们这个宇宙之外是不是还有一个更加庞大的宇宙？”
雷木笑起来：“你这个问题谁都无法回答，因为这就是一个套娃问题，一层宇宙再套一层宇宙，永远都有更外面。我们思考这个问题，就像虫豸在猜测我们，但可能这些虫豸一辈子都无法离开它们的生活环境，甚至存活时间都是数秒。对于它们来说，它们只要没有超越它们的生命层次，它们就永远无法知道它们熟悉的‘宇宙’以外的宇宙。”
“所以我们没有超越我们固有的生命层次，我们就也没有办法看到现有世界以外的世界。”王叶表示他并没有因此陷入心魔什么的，他是活在当下的人，他就是单纯好奇。
雷木：“时间很重要，个人实力也很重要。地球人为什么至今没有发现外星人，也没有发现和地球完全类似的可居住星球？这其实就跟古时候的人生活在一个山窝窝里的小村庄一样，一个健壮的村人走啊走，用了他最快的速度，但他走了三十年也没能从大山里走出来，之后他又花了三十年回家，告诉村人们，这世界只有我们。”
“可如果他拥有了汽车，拥有了飞机，他就会在短时间内离开大山，并在短时间内就能飞遍整个世界，从而发现这个世界到处都是人。”
王叶笑起来：“看来我们地球的宇宙飞船还不够快。”
“也不一定是不够快。有时候不止是工具先进与否和速度快慢的问题，还可能路就不能那样走。”
雷木索性明言道：“你学过魔法阵，其中就有迷踪阵，还有很多可以影响我们视线甚至是精神力的阵法。当不懂阵法的人走入这些魔阵，就算目的地就近在他们眼前，他们也可能走到死都走不到目的地。”
王叶眼睛亮起来：“怪不得翱元王国的人要特意布置传送魔法阵，而不是使用飞行魔器直接飞到目的地。还有那些远古大佬们也都是宁可冒险走空间通道，而不是在宇宙中乱飞。也许就因为他们知道整个宇宙看似有序，但并不是他们想飞就能飞出去的，他们必须找到‘正确的道路’，如果找不到，就只能想法抄近道或者走地道。”
雷木趁机道：“所以你别想着驾驶宇宙飞船前往木星，就算你到了木星上，如果找不到正确通道，你一样无法进入木星内部世界。”
王叶摸摸耳朵，嘿嘿笑。他真的有点馋宇宙飞船啊。
雷木：“贡献点不是这么用的，而且我不觉得异能局会舍得兑换一艘宇宙飞船给你，就算你跟他们说木星上有一群想要当鸡头的回归者。”
Remu: "That's not how contribution points are used, and I don't think the Bureau would be willing to trade a spaceship for you, even if you tell them that there is a bunch of returnees on Jupiter who want to be chicken heads." ”
王叶干咳，认真道：“木木，你放心，我知道你的意思，我不会贸然跑过去找人。我会耐下性子提高自己，最起码我会把身体强度修炼到十级以上，然后再通过传送阵过去。”
Wang Ye coughed dryly and said seriously: "Mumu, don't worry, I know what you mean, I won't rush over to find someone." I will be patient to improve myself, at least I will cultivate my physical strength to level 10 or above, and then pass through the teleportation array. ”
他碍于游戏系统，不能根据现实实力提升相应等级，但他也不是完全没办法提升自己，那就是打磨自己的身体强度、不断提高身体体质、优化天赋和资质等等。
Due to the game system, he can't improve the corresponding level according to his real strength, but he is not completely unable to improve himself, that is, to polish his physical strength, continuously improve his physical physique, optimize his talents and qualifications, and so on.
更何况他还有一个虫巢需要他培养。 What's more, he still has a hive that he needs to cultivate.
虫巢就相当于他的乌龟壳，他把这个壳子给练好了，比什么都强，最起码可以保命。
The hive is equivalent to his turtle shell, and he has trained this shell well, which is stronger than anything else, at least he can save his life.
另外王叶问过预言石，回归者们为什么无法利用那些传送阵回来。原因很简单，万年前古人们布置的都是单向传送阵。
In addition, Wang Ye asked the Prophecy Stone why the returnees couldn't use those teleportation arrays to come back. The reason is very simple, 10,000 years ago, the ancients arranged one-way teleportation arrays.
为什么当年布置的都是单向而不是双向，根子就在那位做出正确预言的大祭司身上。
The root of why the arrangements were one-way rather than two-way lies in the high priest who made the right predictions.
大祭司“看”到那样的未来后，就万分不赞成出去的人们再回来地球，所以他坚持要求所有传送阵都是单向，他还负责一个个检查。
After the high priest "saw" that future, he was extremely disapproving of the people who went out to return to Earth, so he insisted that all teleportation arrays be one-way, and he was also responsible for checking them one by one.
而布置这种超远距离传送阵也不是普通人能做到，全翱元王国加自由联盟那边也不过三个人，其中一个还是大祭司。
And arranging this kind of ultra-long-distance teleportation array is not something that ordinary people can do, and there are only three people on the side of the Quan Ao Yuan Kingdom and the Freedom Alliance, and one of them is still a high priest.
另外两位阵法师都十分信任也赞同大祭司的做法，于是两大势力布置的传送阵没有一个是双向的。
The other two array mages were very trusting and approved of the High Priest's approach, so none of the teleportation arrays arranged by the two forces were two-way.
这也是虫老传送出去就无法传送回来的原因。 This is also the reason why the worm can't teleport back when he teleports out.
木星距离地球太远，虫老也没办法利用虫巢的回巢功能直接传送回来，这不就被耽搁在木星上了吗。
Jupiter is too far away from the Earth, and the worm can't use the hive's return function to teleport back directly, so isn't this delayed on Jupiter?
王叶最终打消了在地球找一艘宇宙飞船前往木星的想法，他更加专心地吸收琉光卵的能量，同时也没忘记他的任务。
Wang Ye finally dismissed the idea of finding a spaceship on Earth to go to Jupiter, and he concentrated more on absorbing the energy of the Liuguang Egg, while not forgetting his mission.
什么任务？ What task?
首先就是恢复凤仙的外貌。 The first is to restore the appearance of the impatiens.
其次就是他在异能局接的那个，有人用石片委托他来凤仙镇祖宅找寻一样东西。
The second is the one he picked up in the Ability Bureau, someone used a stone chip to ask him to come to the ancestral house of Fengxian Town to find something.
但他第一次找没找到，只在委托人说的地址那里看到一堆石砖。
But he couldn't find it the first time he searched, and only saw a pile of stone bricks at the address the client said.
王叶花了两天时间，把凤仙体内的强辐射能量全都拔除出来。
It took Wang Ye two days to pull out all the strong radiation energy in the phoenix's body.
凤仙体内没了这些破坏能量，自己就能修复自身，更何况王叶还给她用治疗术治疗，又送了她一瓶焕颜药剂。
Without these destructive energies in Fengxian's body, she can repair herself, not to mention that Wang Ye also treated her with healing techniques, and gave her a bottle of rejuvenation potion.
另外还有件事，就在王叶把凤仙治好的当天晚上，旬空死了，是自爆而死。
In addition, on the night when Wang Ye cured the phoenix, Shunkong died, and he died by self-explosion.
旬空知道把他囚禁在画中的就是隔壁小王后，他就知道他不可能再被放出去。
Shunkong knew that it was the little queen next door who imprisoned him in the painting, and he knew that he could not be released again.
而他也不希望自己成为隔壁小王变强的踏脚石，更不想自己一点点被吸干精神力而死，所以他在当年囚禁兰道师父的魔画中自爆了精神核。
And he didn't want to become a stepping stone for Xiao Wang next door to become stronger, and he didn't want to be sucked up of his spiritual power and die a little bit, so he blew up his spiritual core in the magic painting that imprisoned Master Lan Dao back then.
但旬空没想到，他自爆后的精神能量因为魔画对能量的囚禁作用，半点都没有溢散，最后都被王叶吸收了。
But Xunkong didn't expect that the spiritual energy after his self-explosion did not spill out at all because of the imprisoned effect of the magic painting on the energy, and was finally absorbed by Wang Ye.
而且因为他是自爆而死，这些能量没有主人操控，王叶吸收起来还更简单。
And because he died by self-explosion, these energies are not controlled by the owner, and Wang Ye is easier to absorb.
预言石在感觉到旬空死亡的那一刻，高兴得在虫巢中滚来滚去，它彻底自由了，再也没有人控制它。以后它想预言就预言，不想预言它……爱说什么说什么。
The moment the Prophecy Stone felt the death of the sky, it rolled around in the hive with joy, it was completely free, and no one controlled it anymore. In the future, it will prophesy if it wants to, and it will prophesy if it does not want to...... Say what you like.
预言石真的在几小怂恿下，在网上开了一家专门算命的网店。
金宝暗搓搓地教会预言石上网，还教他在网上开网店。他被禁网没错，但小云和大黑他们都没有啊，他只要背着小叶子爸爸去蹭手机蹭电脑就可以。
睁一只眼闭一只眼的小叶子爸爸：天真的娃，账都给你记着呢，等哪天爸爸不开心了就给你一起算。
如今凤仙镇来了这么多异能局的人，自然把凤仙镇的基础设施也给稍微改进了下，首先就是通水通电，然后就是安排信号塔，总之其他可以没有，网络一定要有。
顺便说一句，如今王叶的精神力已经妥妥超过十级，进入十一级。
但因为玩家等级限制，他这个精神力十一级没人承认。
而王叶也没把自己精神力很轻松就突破十级进入十一级的事告诉其他人，除了雷木。
雷木也不建议他说出去，毕竟双月星那么多大佬想要突破十一级那么困难，其中自然也包括精神力。可王叶才多大，竟然轻轻松松就突破了双月星人认为是天花板的十级境界，这要是让双月星的大佬们知道，就算王叶远在地球，他们也能闻着味儿找过来。
因为雷木的警告，王叶连靳蜘蛛都没说。
但王叶觉得靳蜘蛛应该是感觉到什么，但靳蜘蛛什么都没问。
实际上，王叶觉得如果不是游戏系统的限制，在吸收能量眼和琉光卵那么多能量后，他现在可能连实力等级也已突破十级。
就是搞不清楚这是他的个人情况，还是地球人的普遍情况。
如果地球人普遍都能轻松突破十级……只要有几个，就能证明双月星的功法没有问题，有问题的是双月星本身或双月星生灵本身。
If the earthlings can generally easily break through level 10...... As long as there are a few, it can prove that there is no problem with the exercises of the Double Moon Star, and the problem is the Double Moon Star itself or the Double Moon Star creature itself.
次日早上，凤仙从房间里出来。
桂花奶奶看到穿着裙子的凤仙，呆了。
她的凤仙儿，哪怕过了三十多年，还是和当年一样美丽。
凤仙摸摸自己的短发，头发长得有点慢，但脸和身体已经完全恢复，再加上那瓶焕颜药剂，她虽然已经五十多，但看起来和二十几也没什么区别。
再加上她现在也吸收了不少能量，并开始修炼王叶传给她的传承（据说这还是她自己留下来的，囧），精神状态和身份状态都上佳，就算没有焕颜药剂，她看起来也不会很老。
老太太眼圈红了，嘴里念念有词，像是在感谢神佛，又像是在感谢王小叶。
凤仙在老太太身边跪下，抱住老人的腿，脑袋搁在老人的膝盖上：“娘，对不起，这么多年让您担心了。”
老太太右手抚摸着凤仙柔软的短发，另一只手抓起手帕擦擦眼泪。
好了，都在变好，这就好了，她闭眼也能安心。
“桂花奶奶，凤仙！”王叶跟只大兔子一样，从院墙直接跳过来：“问你们个事哈，你们知道……呃，要么我等会儿再过来？”
王叶不好意思，他来的好像有些不是时候。
凤仙抬起头，一抹眼睛，站起来，特别大姐大地说道：“过来，什么事？”
王叶见凤仙是真不在意，就过去了，掏出一张地图递给凤仙，跟她说他在找图纸上那个圈出的地点，同时把自己的任务内容也说了——他们都这么熟了，想必凤仙应该不会坑他这个恩人吧？
桂花奶奶看到王叶就高兴，拖了一张小竹椅，就要王叶坐，还给他抓了一把自己炒的南瓜子。
王叶就一边嗑瓜子，一边看凤仙。
凤仙低头看图纸，不几秒就说道：“这根本就不是谁的祖宅，而是一座小土地庙，那里也是当年开发商拆的房子之一。”
“土地庙？在镇子里面？也是封印节点之一？”王叶回忆封印大阵，疑惑。
凤仙摇头：“不是。那里跟封印无关，但那座土地庙关系到一个传说。而且那座土地庙建成至少已经有一千年，是真正的古物，可那些开发商也不知怎么想的，非说那土地庙太丑，放在那儿太碍眼，而镇长儿子也不喜欢那座土地庙，他曾经在那座土地庙吃过亏，小时候就想让他爹拆掉土地庙，还是镇民们不允许，他们才没敢动。”
“哦，听起来有故事，能说吗？”王叶坐着听故事还不忘吸收能量。
凤仙：“没什么不能说的。”
老太太听到土地庙几个字，也用当地话说了一段。
凤仙说得更详细：“这座土地庙供奉的是一只穿山甲，在我们这里，穿山甲叫龙鲤，不允许伤害，也不允许捕捉。当年镇长儿子特别脑残，别人不让他干什么，他就非要干什么。当时他看土地庙里的神像很怪异，是人头龙鲤身，就问这是什么。”
“有大人告诉他，那就是镇子供奉的土地神，让他看到龙鲤千万不要捕捉。结果那小子没过几天就抓来一只小穿山甲，还特意拎到土地庙那里，被我发现，就抢过来放生了。那小子还不住跟我叫嚣，要他爹娘打我，骂我是没人要的野孩子。”
老太太哼了哼，像是在说镇长儿子从小就坏。
王叶：“土地神惩罚那小子了？”
凤仙笑得得意：“不是土地神，是我干的，我用麻袋罩他脑袋，把他打了一顿，晚上还放了几条拔了毒牙的毒蛇吓他。他做贼心虚，就嚷嚷说是土地神找他麻烦。”
凤仙笑容一收：“不过那土地庙确实有些神异。当年那些开发商非要拆掉土地庙的行为也很古怪，因为他们既然想要搞旅游开发，这种千年古庙，就算破一点，难道不应该是修缮好，用来招揽游客吗？可他们却硬是都拆了，还把砖头都运走。”
“那里的砖头？”
“不是原来的，镇子出事后，我们原本想要恢复镇子被动的那些地方，就弄了些砖石过来，但后来……大家都没了那个心情，砖头就一直堆在那儿了。”
凤仙话头一转：“那个凤仙镇人到底想要你找什么？他让你从他家祖宅拿东西回去，没说要拿什么吗？”
“说是一个笔筒。”王叶索性把委托人给的笔筒照片拿给凤仙看。
凤仙和桂花奶奶一起凑头看过去。
“哎呀，我认识，这哪里是笔筒，明明就是一个签筒！是就放在土地庙龙鲤神座边上摆着的签筒，我以前还经常去摇签筒，我刚才不是说那土地庙有些神异吗？就和这个签筒有关。”凤仙认出来了。
桂花奶奶也不住点头，表示就是那个签筒。
王叶挑眉：“这签筒摇出的签很准？”
虫巢中预言石注意力从电脑转移到外边：和它一样能力的东西吗？
凤仙和桂花奶奶一起笑起来，又一起摇头。
凤仙道：“不，这破签筒摇出来的签一点都不准。我说它神异，是因为它每到下雨天，就会变得湿叽叽的，但如果你下雨天摸它，晚上就一定会做噩梦。”
王叶忽然打开因果卷，就在这时，因果卷的颜色竟然从深红转成了黑红。
卧槽！嘛意思？
难道这个签筒也是关键？
王叶突然就觉得这个凤仙镇绝不是一般两般的地方，不说琉光卵就被镇压在这里，那回归者旬空为什么哪里都不去，就带着预言石落到这里？
好吧，也许这和旬空看到桂花奶奶未来而特意定位到这个位置有关。
但这个签筒又是怎么回事？
还有为什么当年第一代凤仙留下的传承载体和他正在找的石片一模一样？这会不会也是准入证？
还有那个委托任务的凤仙镇人，他又是哪来的石片？
第391章 传说
王叶再次出现在镇警所的拘留室内。
【魔鬼、地震、怪物、疫病、伪神、饥饿、战争、陨石，世界毁灭！】
王叶反复看着外国商人刻在墙上的这句话，其实这句话他早就记下来了，再次过来是因为他觉得自己很可能错过了什么。
就像答案就放在那里，他却一掠而过，没有注意到。
但他的潜意识又在提醒他，答案就在那里！
这句话所有单词都好理解，只有……魔鬼……到底指什么？
一开始他以为魔鬼指的就是那些受到强辐射皮肤腐烂的人，外国商人透过桂花奶奶的眼睛看到那些人，之后他才会崩溃的掏钱射杀那些工人，就因为他把他们当魔鬼看了。
但真的只是如此吗？
外国商人那时应该已经看完桂花奶奶的一生。
在他看到的那一生中，他是否有开枪打死那些工人？
如果外国商人通过桂花奶奶的眼睛看到他自己开枪打死工人，那他应该也会看到他被抓捕起来的一幕，之后他也应该了解到他失踪了。
看到这些，外国商人还会随便动手吗？他难道就不想逃出凤仙镇？
王叶想到这里，才意识到他前面有些想当然了。
他自己重生而来，都想要改变自己的未来。
外国商人看到桂花奶奶的一生，不可能不做任何改变。
所以外国商人看到的那一生，他应该没有开枪射杀那些工人，而且那些工人变成那样后极有可能还发生了某些可怕的事情，然后魔鬼出来，或者有谁变成了魔鬼。
事情越来越糟糕，可能逃无可逃，外国商人才会拔枪射杀那些工人，想要把危险掐灭在萌芽期。
王叶长叹，所以他才不喜欢预言。
因为任何知道预言并试图改变的人，都会导致未来不断改变，甚至有极大可能不是变得更好，而是大概率会变得更糟糕！
所以因果卷才会变色，还越变越黑。
而根据王叶了解到的，地球至少已经被改变了四次未来。
按照时间排序。
第一次，就是万年前的预言石主人想要钻空子，留下预言，想要杀死隔壁小王。于是有了摩罗瓦这个专门盯着隔壁小王的偏执者。
第二次，旬空不顾万年前大祭司的预言，来到地球，也想杀死隔壁小王，还因为他昏迷，导致预言石这个智商还没怎么发育出来的憨憨为了猎食，随便给人看桂花奶奶的一生。于是凤仙镇在必定会挖出琉光卵的糟糕基础上，又出现预言乱，还导致出现了外国商人开枪杀人，让情况变得更糟糕。
第三次，外国商人看到了桂花奶奶完整的一生，他再次做出改变。而他开枪杀工人的行为，很可能导致原先发生的什么事，没有发生。或者发生了，但桂花奶奶这次没有看到。
第四次，他重生了，改变得更多。他还来到了上辈子没有来过的凤仙镇。
王叶想，也许之前三次改变，已经把地球推到了非常危险的边缘，而他的来到，他的选择，则很可能起到最后一根稻草的作用。
王叶不想做最后一根稻草，他还想把压塌骆驼的负担都搬走，让骆驼能好好休息并恢复过来。
而这根稻草，他已经发现，九成就是那个签筒。
但他现在不知道，是找到那个签筒，查明签筒到底牵涉到什么，才是移开了这根稻草。还是什么都不做，就让签筒继续失踪，才是最好。
这时候他最正确的做法，也许是应该去问问预言石？
王叶想到黑红的因果卷，摇头。
他拒绝契约预言石时，因果卷没有变色，也就是说他这样做对他更好。
实际上修炼因果技能的人，就不该随便动用预言能力，因为那会导致背负的因果更多更可怕。
想要知道能不能动那个签筒，也许他应该查明魔鬼到底是指什么。
而想要查明魔鬼是什么，也许他该先查查那座土地庙祭拜的穿山甲，以及那个任务委托人。
因果卷已经变成黑红，也就是说他如果接下来什么都不做，才是最糟糕的。
王叶不再犹豫，转头就去找凤仙和桂花奶奶，他还要了解更多的关于土地神和签筒的事。
凤仙能告诉王叶的不多，她记忆还没有恢复，自然不知道千年前为什么镇民要盖一座土地庙，还把穿山甲奉为土地神。
她只跟王叶说了一个传说。
这个传说乃是凤仙镇口口相传，凤仙也是听桂花奶奶跟她说过。
传说凤仙镇千年前有一个婴儿降生，他降生时，白昼变成黑夜，当他啼哭时，接生婆和他父母全都口鼻流血，凡是听到他哭声的人都感到头疼无比。
有人就提议要杀了这个婴儿，认为他是大恶人转世。
婴儿父母不舍，他们夫妻结婚多年一直没孩子，好不容易才有一个儿子，怎么舍得就这么杀死。
谁想，这个男孩一天天长大，身上竟然长出了宛如龙鲤的鳞片，他的手也变得像龙鲤的爪子。
他家人不敢放男孩出去，怕他被人杀死。
而这个男孩极为聪慧，学什么都是一学就会，他渴望外面的世界，渴望接触到更多知识，于是他瞒着家人，偷偷跑去私塾偷听先生讲课。
但不久男孩就被人发现，镇民们恐惧男孩，叫他怪物，大家追杀他、用棍子打他。
男孩逃回家。
镇民们包围了男孩的家，要男孩父母交出男孩。
男孩父母不愿意，镇民们就冲进男孩家里随意打砸，想要找出男孩。
男孩母亲让儿子逃离镇子，逃去山里生活。
镇民们找不到男孩，暂时就这么算了。
男孩一家以为事情过去，可当地县官听说此事，又听闻男孩浑身鳞片，宛如龙鲤，就打起了坏主意。
恰逢当今圣上正在为爱妃产后身弱忧愁，该县官想要媚上，正想不出方法。
正好穿山甲在当地又叫龙鲤，且被当做良药，县官觉得他升官发财的机会到了。
县官当即就派人去抓捕男孩，打算把男孩当做成精的穿山甲献给皇帝。
但男孩进入山林生活一段时间后，变得极为厉害，县官派去的人都被男孩杀了。
县官就去抓男孩的父母家人，打算拿他家人威胁他。
但县官派去的人到达男孩家里，却发现男孩家里人都不见了。
他们翻箱倒柜，在灶房里发现一个地洞，但地洞走没多久就被堵上。
于是男孩就是龙鲤投胎一事就这么被传了出去。
还有人说男孩母亲为了求子，和山中精怪结合，才生出这么一个怪胎。
数年后，那县官的任职时间满了，花了很多钱疏通，找了个更加富裕的县城转过去，但他担任县官的县城一直没有等到这位父母官上任。
当地人都说这个县官一家被龙鲤精给杀了。
原本这事该到此为止，可龙鲤的事还是传出去，还被皇帝知道了，皇帝身边的道人说用龙鲤精血肉炼制丹药，可以让皇帝长生三百岁并身体强健。
皇帝心动无比，就派人来抓捕龙鲤精。
表面上，说是一位大将军奉命率领军队来这边剿灭土匪，实际上，这些人就是来寻找龙鲤精的。
可这一片大山占地很广，里面野兽虫蚁繁多，这支军队折损不少人手也没有找到龙鲤精。
But this mountain covers a wide area, and there are many beasts, insects and ants in it, and this army has lost a lot of manpower and has not found the dragon carp essence.
带队的大将军非常生气，可他皇命在身，又不能就这么回去。
大将军就找到当地新赴任的县官，逼迫他想办法。
新县官就出了一个主意，让大将军去龙鲤精的出生地凤仙镇剿匪。然后随便找一只成年的大龙鲤，剥掉它的皮甲，再找一个凤仙镇小孩，剥掉他的皮，把龙鲤的皮甲套到小孩身上，冒充龙鲤精。
大将军觉得这个方法很好，就真的率领军队往凤仙镇过来。
“但那大将军率领军队过来时，发现整个镇子都空了。他们在镇子里驻扎下来，但不久，他们就受到攻击，只要到晚上，他们就会有人被拖进地洞。”
“大将军也受了重伤，还做了噩梦，最后不得不退出凤仙镇。没多久，那个出主意的新县官就被人扒皮抽筋挂在了衙门门口。大将军和士兵们都十分恐惧，身体稍好后，就逃走了。”
“皇帝对此暴跳如雷，惩罚了大将军，但不久给他出主意说要用龙鲤精血肉炼丹的道士也死了，同样被人扒皮抽筋挂在了皇宫的道观门口。”
“皇帝吓得重病，病中又做噩梦。皇帝梦醒后，大张旗鼓地祭祀上天，发誓再也不会去找龙鲤精，也不会找凤仙镇麻烦，他才不再做噩梦。甚至，皇帝亲自下诏，封了龙鲤为凤仙镇土地神。”
“后来，凤仙镇就有了那座供奉龙鲤的土地庙。”
凤仙笑：“这都是传说，是真是假谁也不清楚。不过我们这里人从不捕捉穿山甲倒是真的，不止我们凤仙镇，就是我们这一片县城都不会抓穿山甲，如果县城有谁卖穿山甲，都会有人买回去放生。”
王叶听完这个故事，记下噩梦这个关键词，问：“故事中没有提到签筒吗？”
凤仙摇头。
“那么也没人知道那男孩后来去了哪里？”
凤仙再次摇头：“我们这边的传说是说那男孩和他家人住在大山中，但我们这里山多，谁知道他到底住在哪座山。不过附近县城和乡村的人，都认为龙鲤精就住在我们凤仙镇，要么就住在城墙山中。”
王叶在凤仙和桂花奶奶这里没有得到更多线索，转头又找到祝队长。
方老身为异能局局长，诸事繁多，不可能一直留在凤仙镇，早就乘坐直升飞机离开。
祝队长现在全权负责凤仙镇这个基地的建设工作，虽然有专门做文职的副手帮忙，但也忙的焦头烂额。
“穿山甲？好的，我会留意，如果遇到很难抓的，我会通知你。嗯嗯，了解，我们不会随便打伤穿山甲，只会试探。”祝队长虽然不明白王叶想干什么，但也答应留意。
王叶又瞬移到异能局，找到方老，询问那个委托人的事。
“我不是让您破例告诉我那个委托人身份，我只是想请异能局联络那名委托人，就说任务者想要更多详细线索，最好能见上一面。如果对方不同意，就请异能局告诉对方，任务者已经找到签筒，但一定要见对方一面。”
王叶故意说的是签筒，而不是笔筒，就是想要让委托人知道，他已经掌握了一些重要讯息。
方老看王叶不肯多说，但他知道王叶年龄虽小，却不是那种不知轻重的不懂事少年，况且这事也就是打个电话的事，就答应让局里负责这方面的人去联系委托人看看。
王叶等了不到一刻钟，就有回复回来。
委托人同意和王叶见面，而且对方现在就在凤仙镇外围的山口县里。
王叶心中一动，问道：“能查到对方是什么时候到达的山口县吗？如果能有对方具体住在哪里的信息更好。”
在买票住宿都需要真实身份信息并且天眼系统密布的华夏查这事不难，就是需要各种手续。
方老让王叶先回去办事，等他这边查到详细时间和地点再联系他。
数分钟后，王叶已经出现在山口县内。
他进入虫巢，隐身前往委托人说的见面地点。
委托人不知道王叶能瞬间来去，他约的时间是明天中午，当地一家三星级宾馆的西餐厅。
王叶在西餐厅绕了一圈，没看到打眼的人物。
他又进入这家三星级宾馆，极有耐心地把每间房都走了一遍。
最后他又回到顶层唯一一扇大门前，从门缝里钻了进去。
王叶看过这家宾馆住的所有客人，每个人看起来都很正常。
要说不正常，就只有住在宾馆顶层的这位。
而这位并不是宾馆客人，他是这家宾馆的主人。
第392章 魔种、石片和签筒
在近距离观察对方……靠近对方五米之内时，雷木忽然有了反应。
“不要再接近，他是魔种，并且已经觉醒。”雷木的语气非常肯定。
王叶停止靠近，仔细打量对方。
对方似乎有点不良于行，他半靠在长沙发上正在用电脑上网，旁边是电动轮椅。
年龄看着大约有四十出头，也许更大一些。
这人气质非常好，你看到他的第一眼，想到的就是成功人士这四个字。
他五官长得不算英俊，但长相不够，衣着和气质来补。
就是王叶也得承认，这人他看着很舒服，真的是半点攻击性都没有，偏偏又让你无法看轻他一分。
雷木也在打量对方，也许同是魔种，他感知到的更多。
“竟然是魔种觉醒失败者。”雷木的语气有些惋惜。
“什么是魔种觉醒失败者？”王叶问。
“就是魔种之力在他身上觉醒了，但觉醒失败，他知道自己是魔种，也知道自己有非凡的力量，但他使用不出来。”
呃，王叶开始同情这名宾馆老板了。
想象一下，你有几十上百亿现金存在银行里，但因为你忘记取款密码且无法证明你是你，所以你怎么都取不出来，而且还不是短时间，是几十年甚至一辈子，你得多懊恼、多痛苦？
王叶觉得如果他是宾馆老板，大概会毕生都去寻找让自己真正觉醒的办法。
“签筒难道能让魔种重新觉醒？”王叶脑中闪过什么，他觉得他就要抓住某个重点。
而雷木已经先一步说了出来：“之前听故事时，我就有所猜测，现在看到这位，我差不多已经可以确定，故事中那名外表像是食蚁兽的主角，他九成九就是一名天生魔种。”
王叶击掌：“对，我也是想说这个！”
雷木继续道：“只是地球这边天生魔种比较少见，所以那时的地球人才把那魔种当做食蚁兽的孩子。”
王叶摇头：“不，不少见，只是在地球，这种人可能都被归为精怪和妖魔。而这种孩子一般都长不大，可能刚出生，就被自己家人处理了。”
历史上，包括现在，父母和家人暗中处理畸形儿的事都很常见。
而这些畸形儿中又有多少是天生魔种？
他们大多被杀死，一部分被抛入野外。
幸运能长大的魔种们也很可能选择避世，进入深山老林生活，这大约也是荒野总出妖魔精怪传说的主要原因。
“我想我知道他为什么会觉醒失败了。”王叶道。
雷木也想到了：“因为能量冬眠期，全世界都能量不足。”
“这大约也是为什么时间越接近现代，关于妖魔精怪的传言也就越少的缘故，大多数有名有姓的精怪都至少存在于千年以前，而时间越往前的就越厉害，新生的妖魔精怪都很弱。奇怪的是，那些大妖好像都从历史上消失了……”
王叶和雷木精神力对撞，他们都想到了一个可能。
“他们去了哪里？”
“魔界通道！” "Demon Passage!"
两人异口同声说道。 The two said in unison.
王叶振奋起来，他抓到了因果卷颜色变更深的线头——因为牵扯到了魔族。
Wang Ye was excited, and he caught the thread of the color change of the cause and effect scroll - because it involved the demons.
现在就是要弄清楚那个签筒和魔族的关系，以及它到底有什么用处。
那穿山甲土地神反而不重要了。
哦，不，也重要，至少他们得弄明白对方去了哪里，现在还在不在地球，如果还在地球，那他的屁股是坐在哪一边？
Oh no, it's important, at least they have to figure out where the other person has gone, whether he is still on Earth, and if he is still on Earth, which side of his ass is sitting?
而想要弄清楚这一切，他们得先和这位魔种觉醒失败者好好聊一聊。
And to figure it all out, they had to have a good chat with this demon seed awakening loser first.
屈蕴拿下防近视的护理眼镜，眼睛看向四周。 Qu Yun took off the nursing glasses to prevent myopia and looked around.
他有种奇怪的感觉，就好像此刻有谁正盯着他看。 He had a strange feeling, as if someone was staring at him at the moment.
可他很确定，这套房子里除了他就再也没有别人。 But he was sure that there was no one else in the house but him.
难道有人趁他不在的时候，在这套房里安装了微型摄像头？
Could it be that someone installed a miniature camera in this suite while he was away?
是因为他的委托吗？ Is it because of his commission?
还是那些成天想着继承他财产的亲戚又搞出了新的花招？
Or did those relatives who had been thinking about inheriting his fortune come up with new tricks?
屈蕴微微皱眉，决定让公司里擅长这方面的人给他的房屋做一次全面清扫。
Qu Yun frowned slightly, and decided to ask someone in the company who was good at this to do a comprehensive cleaning of his house.
王叶这边也收到了方老传给他的邮件。 Wang Ye also received an email from Elder Fang to him.
邮件上只有一句话，就是委托人乘坐高铁到达山口县的具体时间。
There was only one sentence on the email, which was the specific time when the client arrived in Yamaguchi Prefecture by high-speed train.
邮件没说明委托人的落脚地，不是查不到，就是不方便透露。
The email does not indicate the client's whereabouts, either it cannot be found, or it is inconvenient to disclose.
王叶猜测应该是后者。 Wang Ye guessed that it should be the latter.
不方便透露的原因也很简单，很可能涉及到委托者的私人信息，比如他的落脚点就是他的户籍地址。
The reason for the inconvenience of disclosure is also very simple, it is likely to involve the private information of the client, such as his place of residence is his household registration address.
王叶看到委托人到达山口县的时间，心中就有数了。 When Wang Ye saw the time when the client arrived in Yamaguchi County, he knew it in his heart.
想来因果卷颜色变深，不止是因为他们提到签筒，也有这位委托人到达凤仙镇附近的缘故。
I think the color of the cause and effect scroll has darkened, not only because they mentioned the lottery holder, but also because the client arrived near Fengxian Town.
王叶把手指点在委托人的姓名上……是的，有因果卷在，他对委托人的身份底细一清二楚。
Wang Ye pointed his finger at the client's name...... Yes, there is a cause and effect involved, and he knows the identity of the client in detail.
所以他压根就没有查找这名委托人底细的必要，他只是想要知道对方什么时候来的山口县。
So he didn't have to find out the details of this client at all, he just wanted to know when the other party came to Yamaguchi Prefecture.
而在见到面前这位男子时，因果卷上关于这名委托人的信息又增加了一些。
And when he met the man in front of him, the information about the client in the cause and effect scroll was added a little.
他不但知道对方叫屈蕴，知道他户籍所在地，包括他和雷木刚才的推测也出现在委托人姓名下方，这位确实是一名魔种觉醒失败者。
Not only did he know that the other party's name was Qu Yun, but he also knew the location of his household registration, including the speculation that he and Lei Mu had just now that appeared under the client's name, this was indeed a demon seed awakening loser.
就因为他知道委托人的户籍曾经是凤仙镇，所以他从没有怀疑过对方凤仙镇人这个身份。
Just because he knew that the client's household registration used to be Fengxian Town, he never doubted the identity of the other party as a native of Fengxian Town.
王叶现在想看看这位委托人上辈子的结局。 Wang Ye now wants to see the ending of this client's previous life.
他已经做好被弹开、被拒绝的准备，但结果是他只花了少量精神力就看到了对方上辈子的结局。
He was ready to be bounced off and rejected, but the result was that he only spent a small amount of mental energy to see the end of the other party's previous life.
而他这么顺利看到对方上辈子结局的原因也很简单，因为对方在上辈子的今天之前就已经死了。
And the reason why he saw the ending of the other party's previous life so smoothly is also very simple, because the other party died before today in the previous life.
对方的死因？ The cause of death of the other party?
被旬空用入梦术杀死。 Killed by Shunkong using the Dream Technique.
王叶没有再看更多，也看不了更详细的。 Wang Ye didn't look at any more, nor could he see more details.
但他能推测出来。 But he could tell.
上辈子，在没有异能局的情况下，这位委托人很可能也是在这段时间来到凤仙镇，但他在找到签筒之前，先遇到了杀死凤仙，夺舍了凤仙身体的旬空。
In his previous life, in the absence of the Ability Bureau, this client probably also came to Fengxian Town during this time, but before he found the lottery holder, he first encountered the sky that killed Fengxian and took away Fengxian's body.
旬空极有可能发现委托人是一名魔种觉醒失败者，虽然不知道旬空那边的世界是怎么看待魔种的，但从他毫不犹豫就杀死了屈蕴这点来看，恐怕那边的世界对魔种极为不友好。
It is very likely that Xunkong will find out that the client is a demon seed awakening loser, although I don't know what the world on the other side of Xunkong thinks of the demon seed, but from the fact that he killed Qu Yun without hesitation, I am afraid that the world over there is extremely unfriendly to the demon seed.
否则旬空完全没必要杀死一个不良于行的残疾人。 Otherwise, there would be no need to kill a disabled person who is not good at walking.
屈蕴给手下打电话，通知他们来他这里一趟，说完，他想坐到电动轮椅上，他不可能在下属面前当个瘫子，这个电动轮椅就是他的支撑。
Qu Yun called his subordinates and informed them to come to him, after speaking, he wanted to sit in an electric wheelchair, he couldn't be a paralyzed person in front of his subordinates, this electric wheelchair was his support.
就在屈蕴利用双手的力量，想要把身体转移到电动轮椅上时，他忽然感到有谁托了他一把，让他轻松坐到了轮椅上。
Just when Qu Yun used the power of his hands to transfer his body to the electric wheelchair, he suddenly felt that someone helped him and let him sit in the wheelchair easily.
该说不愧是成功人士吗？ Should I say that I deserve to be a successful person?
屈蕴竟然没有透露出半点惊讶之色，更没有丝毫惊慌，他稳稳地坐在轮椅上，语气很平淡地问：“我听说外面已经有很多异能者，没想到今天能见到真货。请问刚刚帮助鄙人的是接下我那件任务的佣兵吗？”
Qu Yun didn't even reveal the slightest hint of surprise, let alone the slightest panic, he sat firmly in the wheelchair, and asked in a very flat tone: "I heard that there are already many strangers outside, but I didn't expect to see the real thing today." May I ask if it was the mercenary who took over my mission to help the despicable person just now? ”
佣兵这个词用在现实世界感觉很怪，但屈蕴就是能说的这个职业像是最普通的销售人员一样。
The word mercenary feels strange to use in the real world, but Qu Yun can say that this profession is like the most ordinary salesperson.
“你好，委托人。”王叶露出身影。 "Hello, client." Wang Ye revealed.
屈蕴见是一名才十五六岁的少年，当即就感到了一丝头疼。
Qu Yun saw that he was a teenager who was only fifteen or sixteen years old, and immediately felt a headache.
“我以为异能局维护委托人的身份信息是最起码的义务。”屈蕴适当地表达了被找上门的反感。
"I thought it was the least obligation of the Bureau of Anomalies to maintain the identity information of the client." Qu Yun appropriately expressed his disgust at being approached.
王叶摆摆手：“你怪错人了，异能局那边并没有透露你的个人信息，是我知道委托人要在这家宾馆的西餐厅见面，猜测你有可能已经到达这里，就先一步过来，每个房间挨个找了一遍。”
Wang Ye waved his hand: "You blame the wrong person, the Abnormal Energy Bureau did not disclose your personal information, it was I who knew that the client was going to meet in the western restaurant of this hotel, and guessed that you might have arrived here, so I came over first, and searched each room one by one." ”
“原本只是随便找找，万没想到我会发现一名魔种觉醒失败者。”王叶在屈蕴对面的单人沙发坐下，伸长腿，十分放松地说道。
"Originally, I was just looking for it, but I never thought that I would find a demon seed awakening loser." Wang Ye sat down on the single sofa opposite Qu Yun, stretched his legs, and said very relaxedly.
屈蕴一下握紧了轮椅扶手，眼眸都不自禁地收缩起来。 Qu Yun clenched the armrest of the wheelchair at once, and his eyes couldn't help shrinking.
屈蕴喉结微动，他在想要怎么说接下来的话。 Qu Yun's throat moved slightly, and he was thinking about how to say the next words.
少年这么直球，让他有点进退两难。 The boy is so straight, he is a bit of a dilemma.
问你怎么知道，那就相当于承认了他是魔种觉醒失败者的身份。
Ask how you know, it is equivalent to admitting that he is the identity of the demon seed awakening loser.
假装不懂，询问什么是魔种，则很有可能让少年觉得他没诚意。
Pretending not to understand and asking what the demon seed is, it is very likely that the boy will think that he is insincere.
而这个年龄段的少年男女也是最不好应对的，就屈蕴接触到的那些，他们总认为自己已经知道了所有，并认为所有大人都满口谎言，然后你一旦让他们不开心，他们马上就能不跟你玩了。
And young men and women of this age are also the most difficult to deal with, as far as Qu Yun comes into contact with, they always think that they already know everything, and think that all adults are full of lies, and then once you make them unhappy, they will immediately stop playing with you.
对，就是这么直接。 Yes, it's that straightforward.
他们没有成年人的虚伪和狡诈，更没有成年人的圆滑和世故，他们几乎完全凭借他们的心意做事。
They don't have the hypocrisy and cunning of adults, much less the tactfulness and sophistication of adults, they do things almost entirely by their hearts.
这种少年男女特别容易被挑动和操纵，但如果你认为他们很蠢、很容易被利用，那么他们又能马上让你知道花儿为什么那样红。
These boys and women are particularly susceptible to provocation and manipulation, but if you think they are stupid and easy to take advantage of, they can immediately let you know why the flowers are so red.
屈蕴考虑再三，决定还是坦诚一点。 Qu Yun thought about it again and again and decided to be honest.
孩子嘛，更坦诚一点，也更容易打动。 Children, it's easier to be more honest and impressed.
而且对方知道魔种觉醒者，是不是他也是？ And the other party knows the Demon Seed Awakener, isn't he too?
“你知道魔种觉醒者？”屈蕴像是思考了很久，才问出这句话。
"You know the Seed Awoke?" Qu Yun seemed to think for a long time before he asked this sentence.
王叶笑了笑：“我哥们就是。” Wang Ye smiled: "My buddy is." ”
屈蕴垂下眼睑，两手交错，放到腹部：“那你知道魔种觉醒者和异能觉醒者的区别吗？”
Qu Yun lowered his eyelids, crossed his hands, and put them on his abdomen: "Then do you know the difference between the Demon Awakened and the Ability Awakener?" ”
“知道啊。”王叶一派自然地回答：“魔种就是魔族丢过来的血肉和力量凝结物，就像是蘑菇的孢子，落到谁身上，谁就有可能成为魔种携带者。但想要觉醒，却不是那么容易。在能量不够的情况下，很多魔种觉醒者都会觉醒失败，你的腿就是觉醒失败后才会不能走路的吧？”
"Yes." Wang Ye replied naturally: "The demon seed is the condensation of flesh and power thrown by the demon clan, just like the spores of a mushroom, whoever falls on it may become a carrier of the demon seed." But it's not so easy to wake up. In the case of insufficient energy, many demon awakened people will fail to awaken, and your legs will not be able to walk until the awakening fails, right? ”
屈蕴下意识抚摸自己的腿，但很快他又双手交错放到腹部：“看来你知道的很多。你的朋友觉醒成功了吗？”
Qu Yun subconsciously stroked his legs, but soon he staggered his hands on his abdomen: "It seems that you know a lot." Did your friend awaken successfully? ”
“嗯，他运气比你好，自然觉醒成功了，而且能力超级强大哦。”王叶笑眯眯地故意刺激屈蕴。
"Well, he's luckier than you, his natural awakening has been successful, and his ability is super powerful." Wang Ye smiled and deliberately stimulated Qu Yun.
屈蕴表情管理非常到位，让人看不出他有没有被刺激到。
Qu Yun's expression management is very good, so that people can't tell whether he is stimulated or not.
但王叶确定他有，别忘了他能感知别人的精神力。 But Wang Ye is sure that he has, don't forget that he can sense the spiritual power of others.
屈蕴目前只是一名普通人，他的精神波动在王叶面前就跟摆在超市货架上的货物，没有任何遮拦。
Qu Yun is just an ordinary person at present, and his mental fluctuations are like the goods on the supermarket shelves in front of Wang Ye, without any barrier.
王叶没有再给屈蕴问问题的机会，他拿过了主动权，开门见山地道：“你想要重新觉醒魔种的力量吗？如果想，我接下来问你的事情，你最好全都如实回答。我可以坦白告诉你，你没有说谎和隐瞒的机会，一旦你说谎或者隐瞒，我就走人。接下来你就慢慢等待，看有没有可能重新觉醒。”
Wang Ye didn't give Qu Yun another chance to ask questions, he took the initiative and said straight to the point: "Do you want to reawaken the power of the demon seed?" If you want to ask you next, you'd better answer them all truthfully. I can tell you frankly that you don't have a chance to lie and hide it, and once you lie or hide it, I'll leave. Then you wait slowly to see if it is possible to reawaken. ”
“哦，你是不是认为现在地球能量在复苏，你在吸收更多能量后就能重新觉醒？”王叶呵呵，“是有这个可能啦。但你的情况比较特殊，听过一鼓作气、再而衰、三而竭的说法吗？你的情况就能套用。”
"Oh, do you think that now that the energy of the earth is recovering, you will be able to reawaken when you absorb more energy?" Wang Ye hehe, "It's possible." But your situation is more special, have you ever heard the saying that one drum is vigorous, then declining, and three times exhausted? Your situation can be applied. ”
“你已经觉醒失败过一次，你想再次觉醒不是不可能，但壁垒会非常厚。就像一开始你推的门只有一百斤重，但你第一次失败后，你推门用的力量都被那扇门吸收，并且那扇门随着你年龄增大也在不断增加重量。所以第二次推门，这扇门的重量很可能达到了千斤，甚至更多。如果你还是推不开，第三次……啧啧。”
"You've already failed to awaken once, and it's not impossible for you to awaken again, but the barriers will be very thick. It's like at the beginning you pushed the door only 100 pounds, but after you failed for the first time, the force you used to push the door was absorbed by that door, and the door increased in weight as you got older. So the second time you push the door, the weight of this door is likely to reach a thousand pounds, or even more. If you still can't push it away, ...... for the third time Gee. ”
王叶摇头，“通常来说，觉醒失败过一次的人，第二次觉醒都需要做好大量准备，并最好有药剂或者拥有强大能量的同系引导者帮忙，有时候还需要用到阵法等等。”
Wang Ye shook his head, "Generally speaking, people who have failed to awaken once, and the second awakening needs to make a lot of preparations, and it is best to have potions or a fellow guide with strong energy to help, and sometimes they also need to use formations and so on. ”
王叶坐没坐相，对屈蕴懒懒地说道：“我相信你能分辨我现在说的是真话还是假话。”
Wang Ye sat down and said lazily to Qu Yun: "I believe you can tell whether what I am saying now is the truth or a lie." ”
屈蕴深吸气，两手重新放回轮椅扶手上，开口道：“你真的能帮我重新觉醒？你不觉得魔种可怕，是地球人类的威胁？”
Qu Yun took a deep breath, put his hands back on the armrests of his wheelchair, and said, "Can you really help me reawaken?" Don't you think the demon seed is terrible and a threat to the humans of the earth? ”
王叶失笑：“你难道忘了我跟你说的，我最好的哥们就是魔种觉醒者？魔种这东西就跟异能种子一样，只是让人类觉醒特别能力而已，除非你将来受魔种影响太深，甘愿转变成魔族，其实转变成魔族也没什么，只要你别把人类当食物当敌对者。”
Wang Ye smiled: "Have you forgotten what I told you, my best buddy is the Demon Seed Awakener?" The demon seed is just like the ability seed, it just makes humans awaken special abilities, unless you are too deeply affected by the demon seed in the future, and you are willing to transform into a demon, in fact, it is nothing to transform into a demon, as long as you don't treat humans as food as enemies. ”
“哦，还有一种可能，就是魔种的制造者，他有可能附身到你身上，从此影响你甚至替代你，如果这个魔族对人类、对地球不怀好意，那就是我的敌人。”
"Oh, there is another possibility, it is the maker of the demon seed, he may possess you, and from now on affect you or even replace you, if this demon race has bad intentions towards humans and the earth, then it is my enemy."
王叶冲着屈蕴道：“但你现在不是，你现在还是人类，那我为什么要觉得你可怕，并觉得你是威胁？还是说你现在就已经是反人类反地球的存在？”
Wang Ye said to Qu Yun: "But you are not now, you are still a human being, so why should I think you are terrible and feel that you are a threat?" Or are you already an anti-human and anti-earth being by now? ”
“我当然不是。”屈蕴也清浅地笑起来，神态看着就放松不少。
"Of course I'm not." Qu Yun also laughed lightly, and his demeanor relaxed a lot.
“你想问什么，你问吧，是不是和那只签筒有关？”
王叶点头：“看来你也很清楚那是签筒，不是笔筒。”
屈蕴放开了，笑着道：“我没想到接我任务的人会这么小，我以为接任务的人为了石片，不会多问。对了，你知道那石片是什么，有什么用处？”
“大哥，现在是我在问你。”王叶觉得现在表面放松的屈蕴才更难对付，这人恐怕就没有服输的认识，他在回答他问题的同时，也在不断试图从他这里得到更多。
但达摩克里斯之剑就悬在头顶上的王叶，实在没时间跟对方多磨。
面对这种心眼贼多的成功人士，王叶的对付方法很简单：“不要浪费自己的机会，我现在是看在你和我哥们都是魔种的份上，才愿意花时间跟你玩问答游戏，甚至愿意帮你觉醒。你以为我一定要询问你吗？要不要试试被记忆搜索，或被精神控制的滋味？相信我，这绝不是威胁。”
屈蕴收起淡淡笑容，他的气质也变得更加无害：“抱歉，从现在开始，你问，我答。”
王叶和屈蕴的问答进行了将近半个小时。
屈蕴也尽量没有说谎，把他知道的事情都说了。
屈蕴原本就是凤仙镇人，也许凤仙镇真的是风水很好（？），不但有凤仙这个不断涅槃重生的大佬存在，在凤仙镇的历史上也不止一次出现过魔种觉醒者。
最出名的就是那名看起来像是穿山甲的土地神。
而且这位的故事不是发生在千年前，准确说是一千五百多年前。
那位貌似穿山甲的魔种觉醒后，就一直很想去魔界，他因为外貌，对地球的生活感到格格不入，甚至觉得自己不算是人类。而且他十分害怕自己变成真正的魔物，从此不把人类当人类。
这位魔种很幸运地遇到了两个地行仙（古时的说法），那两位地行仙表示可以带那位穿山甲魔种离开，去往别的世界。
但那位穿山甲魔种在后来又有其他奇遇，遇到了另一名大魔，并且找到了去往魔界的通道。
But the pangolin demon seed later had another adventure, met another great demon, and found a way to the demon world.
穿山甲魔种最终选择去了魔界，走之前留下两样东西，一样是石片，还有一样就是签筒。
The pangolin demon finally chose to go to the demon world, leaving behind two things before leaving, one is a stone flake, and the other is a stick.
屈蕴试着使用过石片，他既无法通过石片让自己重新觉醒，也无法找到去往魔界的通道。最后他就把希望放到了签筒上。
Qu Yun had tried to use the stone chips, but he could neither reawaken himself through the stone chips, nor find a way to the demon realm. In the end, he put his hope on the lottery.
王叶听到这里，又产生了一堆疑问。 When Wang Ye heard this, he had a bunch of questions.
首先：“你怎么知道土地神穿山甲就是魔种？又怎么知道他后来去了魔界，还留下了两样物品？”
First of all: "How do you know that the pangolin of the land god is the demon seed?" How did he know that he later went to the Demon Realm and left two items behind? ”
屈蕴沉默片刻，才回答道：“是签筒告诉我的。它让我做梦，我在梦中看到了那些。”
Qu Yun was silent for a moment before replying, "It was the lottery holder that told me." It makes me dream, and I see those in my dreams. ”
“那时你多大，还在凤仙镇吗？” "How old were you then, and were you still in Fengxian Town?"
“在，我当时还小，只有八岁，那是我第一次接触签筒。回家后我就连续做了几晚上的噩梦，后来我才知道那不是噩梦。做了那几场梦没多久，我就觉醒了，但我当时什么都不懂，又惊慌害怕，加上能量不足，最后不但没能觉醒成功，反而成了残废。”
"Yes, I was young, only eight years old, and that was my first contact with the stickers. When I got home, I had nightmares for several nights on end, and I later learned that it wasn't a nightmare. Not long after I had those dreams, I woke up, but I didn't understand anything at the time, and I was panicked and scared, and I didn't have enough energy, so in the end, not only did I not succeed in awakening, but I became a cripple. ”
屈蕴握紧自己没有知觉的大腿。 Qu Yun clenched his unconscious thighs.
王叶：“觉醒失败后，你就知道了魔种是什么？” Wang Ye: "After the awakening fails, you know what the demon seed is?" ”
“不是立刻全部知道，而是一段一段，就像记忆传承，一点点在梦中让我知晓一切。但等我明白我到底是什么，以及错过了什么时，我家人已经带我离开凤仙镇。”
"It's not all at once, but one by one, like a memory inheritance, a little bit in a dream that let me know everything. But by the time I realized what I was and what I was missing, my family had already taken me out of Fengxian Town. ”
屈蕴看向王叶：“你进入过凤仙镇，那么也知道三十多年前凤仙镇发生了什么事对吗？”
Qu Yun looked at Wang Ye: "You have entered Fengxian Town, so you also know what happened in Fengxian Town more than thirty years ago, right?" ”
王叶点头。 Wang Ye nodded.
屈蕴：“我就是那时候离开的，我家人带着我仓惶逃出镇子，恨不得永远不回去，后来我们这些逃出来的人被分散到各地安顿。我们家就被安顿在这座县城里。”
Qu Yun: "That's when I left, my family fled the town with me in a hurry, and I wanted to never go back, and then those of us who escaped were scattered and settled in various places. Our family was settled in this county. ”
“那你是从什么时候开始想要得到签筒？” "And when did you first want to get the holder?"
“在我二十多岁，明白了魔种到底是什么后。” "In my twenties, I understood what the demon seed was."
“那你为什么不回去凤仙镇？” "Then why don't you go back to Fengxian Town?"
“你以为我没有试着回去吗？”屈蕴有点激动地道：“我进不了镇子，连城墙山都无法越过，那里面的野兽和蛇虫非常可怕，会主动攻击所有试图进山的人类。我还雇佣过退伍兵、雇佣过外国佣兵，都失败了。”
"Do you think I didn't try to go back?" Qu Yun said a little excitedly: "I can't enter the town, I can't even cross the city wall mountain, the beasts and snakes and insects in it are very terrifying, and they will take the initiative to attack all humans who try to enter the mountain." I've hired veterans, I've hired foreign mercenaries, and all failed. ”
王叶问到关键：“你为什么想要得到签筒？是认为签筒能帮你觉醒吗？”
Wang Ye asked the key: "Why do you want to get the lottery holder?" Do you think the lottery holder can help you awaken? ”
屈蕴惨笑：“因为我只知道两样与魔种有关的东西，一个是那石片，还有一个就是签筒。我试着研究过石片，什么方法都用尽了，也没能发现石片的用途。我……我非常想要觉醒，哪怕是让我能恢复走路也好，在科学无法治疗我的双腿的情况下，我只能寻求其他路子。而签筒已经是我能找到的最明显的一条路。”
Qu Yun laughed miserably: "Because I only know two things related to the demon seed, one is the stone tablet, and the other is the lottery holder." I've tried to study the stone chips, but I've exhausted all the methods, and I haven't been able to find out what the stone chips are used for. I...... I really wanted to wake up, even if it was to allow me to walk again, and when science couldn't heal my legs, I had to look for other options. And the sticker is already the most obvious path I can find. ”
“所以你根本不知道签筒有什么用处？”王叶追问。 "So you don't know what the holder is for?" Wang Ye asked.
“我碰触过它，它让我连续做了几天噩梦，让我看到那位土地神离开地球去往了魔界。但那石片没有。我就想，那签筒是否还有其他用途。”屈蕴眼神有点闪避。
"I touched it, and it gave me nightmares for days on end, and I saw the land god leave the earth and go to the demon realm. But the stone flakes didn't. I wondered if there was any other use for the holder. Qu Yun's eyes were a little evasive.
“签筒哪里来的？”王叶冷不丁问。 "Where did you get the sticker?" Wang Ye asked coldly.
“哎？”屈蕴顿了一下，才回答：“是那位土地神留下来……哦，我知道你的意思了，最初应该是土地庙给配的吧，一般庙宇不都是有这些东西吗？”
"Huh?" Qu Yun paused for a moment before replying, "It was the land god who stayed...... Oh, I know what you mean, it was supposed to be a land temple in the first place, don't ordinary temples have these things? ”
王叶在心中冷笑，假装不知屈蕴在说谎，继续问道：“你又是怎么得到石片？”
Wang Ye sneered in his heart, pretending not to know that Qu Yun was lying, and continued to ask, "How did you get the stone chips?" ”
屈蕴回答到现在，也有些不耐烦了：“我刚才已经说了，签筒让我做梦，看到了那位土地神离开的片段，我也看到他走的时候把石片和签筒分别藏了起来。不对，也不能说藏，他把签筒和石片就放在土地庙中。不过石片比较小，他就放在了他的神像的暗格里。”
Qu Yun replied until now, and he was also a little impatient: "I have just said that the lottery holder made me dream, and I saw the fragment of the land god leaving, and I also saw that he hid the stone chip and the lottery holder separately when he left. No, it can't be said to be hidden, he put the sticks and stone tablets in the land temple. However, the stone tablets were smaller, and he placed them in the dark compartment of his idol. ”
屈蕴用力捏着自己没有知觉的大腿，继续说道：“我们家逃出镇子时，正是镇子最乱的时候，我那时觉醒失败，但多少知道了一点魔种的事，也知道那签筒和石片的宝贵，我想拿走这两样东西，但我父亲只找到了神像，说签筒不见了。”
Qu Yun pinched his unconscious thighs hard, and continued: "When our family escaped from the town, it was the most chaotic time in the town, and I failed to awaken at that time, but I knew a little about the demon seed, and I also knew the preciousness of the stick holder and the stone chips, I wanted to take these two things, but my father only found the statue of the god, saying that the stick holder was missing. ”
“而当时也容不得我们家人留下继续寻找，最后我们家就带着神像离开，后来我果然从神像的暗格里找到石片，我才越发确定签筒也很重要。”
"At that time, our family was not allowed to stay and continue to search, so in the end our family left with the idol, and then I found the stone tablets from the dark compartment of the idol, and I became more and more sure that the lottery holder is also very important."
至此，王叶已经整理清楚整件事情的脉络。 At this point, Wang Ye has sorted out the context of the whole thing.
他甚至推测出当年遇到穿山甲魔种的两个地行仙很可能就是唐博和古鼎——时间比较符合，而那枚石片就是两人留给那魔种的道场通行证。
He even speculated that the two Earth Immortals who encountered the Pangolin Demon Seed back then were probably Tang Bo and Gu Ding - the time was more consistent, and that stone chip was the dojo pass that the two of them left for the Demon Seed.
但穿山甲魔种最后没有选择去那个神秘道场，而是听了另一个魔族的忽悠，去了魔界。
But in the end, the pangolin demon seed did not choose to go to that mysterious dojo, but listened to the fool of another demon clan and went to the demon world.
签筒很可能就是那魔族送给穿山甲魔种的东西，只是还不确定这签筒具体有什么功效。
The sticker is likely to be something that the demon gave to the pangolin demon seed, but it's not sure what the specific effect of this sticker is.
王叶猜测屈蕴很可能知道，他既然触摸签筒后就能做梦梦到那么多，那么他会不知道签筒的具体来历和作用吗？
Wang Ye guessed that Qu Yun probably knew that since he could dream so much after touching the stick, would he not know the specific origin and function of the stick?
而且他这么多年都没有离开山口县，把老巢就按在这里，足以证明他对那签筒有多渴望。
And he hasn't left Yamaguchi Prefecture for so many years, and pressing the nest here is enough to prove how much he longs for that lottery.
这绝不可能是只为了一个可能性就能做出来的事情。 This is not something that can be done for the sake of a single possibility.
虽然已经大致弄清楚事情脉络，但王叶还有几个疑点没解决。
Although the context of the matter has been roughly figured out, Wang Ye still has a few doubts that have not been resolved.
疑点一：那些开发商为什么非要推倒土地庙？ Question 1: Why do those developers have to tear down the land temple?
疑点二：签筒哪里去了？ Doubt 2: Where is the sticker?
疑点三：签筒的具体作用。 Doubt 3: The specific role of the sticker.
第393章 找到签筒 Chapter 393: Find the Lottery Holder
王叶叹息一声，竖起手指。 Wang Ye sighed and raised his fingers.
屈蕴不明所以地看他。 Qu Yun looked at him inexplicably.
“你还有五秒时间跟我说真话，告诉我关于签筒的详细，比如它是谁给了穿山甲魔种，具体又有什么作用。另外当年那些开发商为什么非要推倒土地庙？”
"You have five seconds to tell me the truth and tell me more about the sticker, such as who gave it to the pangolin and what it does. In addition, why did those developers have to tear down the land temple back then? ”
“我不知……” "I don't know ......"
“五、四……”王叶的眼神很冷，是那种不在乎一切的冷漠。
"Five, four......" Wang Ye's eyes were very cold, the kind of indifference that didn't care about everything.
屈蕴没从王叶的眼神和表情中看出一丝游戏的意思，成功人士在最后一个一字落下之前，做出决断：“梦境中，签筒是那个大魔交给了龙鲤前辈。签筒可以用来寻找和定位去往魔界的通道，也是打开通道的钥匙，是龙鲤前辈特意留下来给后来者的魔界指路魔器。”
Qu Yun didn't see a trace of the meaning of the game from Wang Ye's eyes and expressions, and the successful person made a decision before the last word fell: "In the dream, the big devil handed over the big demon to the dragon carp senior. The lottery holder can be used to find and locate the passage to the Demon Realm, and it is also the key to open the passage. ”
王叶计数声停止，屈蕴说的和他的猜测差不多。 Wang Ye's counting stopped, and what Qu Yun said was similar to his guess.
屈蕴看王叶仍旧面无表情地看着他，在心中叹口气，说出最后一件事：“龙鲤前辈曾在走之前在土地庙说过一段话，他说未来势必还会出现其他魔种，如果有人在现在的世界过不下去，那就试试另外两条路，石片是一条未知路的通行证，签筒则是通往魔界。”
Qu Yun saw that Wang Ye was still looking at him expressionlessly, sighed in his heart, and said the last thing: "The predecessor of the dragon carp once said something in the Land Temple before leaving, he said that there will inevitably be other demon species in the future, if someone can't live in the current world, then try the other two paths, the stone chip is the pass to an unknown road, and the lottery holder is the way to the demon world." ”
“那些开发商之所以会推倒土地庙，是因为……我想趁乱得到签筒和石片，但土地庙有人看守，想从里面拿东西太难。我就让我父亲故意装醉，在那些开发商面前说土地庙传说是金砖做墙，地里藏有宝贝。”
"The reason why those developers are tearing down the land temple is because ...... I wanted to take advantage of the chaos to get the sticks and stone chips, but the Land Temple was guarded, and it was too difficult to get things from inside. I asked my father to deliberately pretend to be drunk and say in front of the developers that the legend of the Land Temple is that the wall is made of gold bricks, and there are treasures hidden in the ground. ”
“那些开发商原本将信将疑，但正好凤仙不允许他们动的地方就有土地庙，镇长儿子也对土地庙特别反感，那些开发商去问镇长儿子土地庙的传说时，镇长儿子很可能也胡说一气，反正推倒那座小土地庙对他们也不是很难……”
"Those developers were originally suspicious, but it happened that there was a land temple where Fengxian did not allow them to move, and the mayor's son was also particularly disgusted with the land temple, and when those developers asked the legend of the land temple of the mayor's son, the mayor's son was likely to talk nonsense, anyway, it was not very difficult for them to tear down the small land temple......"
怪不得屈蕴不肯说，这事怎么看都很卑鄙。 No wonder Qu Yun refuses to say it, no matter how you look at it, this thing is despicable.
王叶对屈蕴当初做的事情不予置评，只问：“签筒哪里去了？”
Wang Ye did not comment on what Qu Yun did at the beginning, and only asked: "Where is the sign?" ”
屈蕴痛苦道：“我不知道！我是真不知道，我如果知道我早就把签筒拿回来了。我也怀疑是开发商或某个工人顺手拿走了签筒，当时我父亲一直在盯着。可签筒就是莫名其妙的不见了。”
Qu Yun said bitterly: "I don't know! I really don't know, if I had known, I would have taken it back. I also suspected that the developer or some worker had taken the holder, and my father had been staring at it. But the sign holder is inexplicably gone. ”
“我试图找过当年那些开发商，虽然他们后来死在城墙山里，但他们在死亡之前也有出过凤仙镇，土地庙那些砖石就给他们运了出去。”
"I tried to find those developers back then, although they later died in the city wall, but they also went out of Fengxian Town before they died, and the bricks and stones of the Land Temple were transported out for them."
“其中一名开发商特别喜欢古建筑，他说凤仙镇的古砖质量好，千年不坏万年不腐，凤仙镇当初被拆的房子的古砖都是他弄走了，他想用那些古砖盖自家别墅。后来这人死在了城墙山，我去找过他的后代，并没有找到签筒。”
One of the developers is particularly fond of ancient buildings, he said that the ancient bricks in Fengxian Town are of good quality, not bad for thousands of years, and will not rot for thousands of years, and he wants to use those ancient bricks to build his own villa. Later, this man died on the walled hills, and I went to look for his descendants, but I did not find the lottery. ”
“工人就太杂了，他们有的是从凤仙镇附近的县城乡村雇佣来的，有的是他们从大城市那边带来的工程师，这些人死了很多，也逃走了几个，中途因为凤仙镇人闹事还有工人退出。”
"The workers are too mixed, some of them are hired from the county towns and villages near Fengxian Town, and some are engineers they brought from the big cities, many of these people have died, and a few have escaped, and some of them have quit because of the trouble in Fengxian Town."
“这么多年，我试图把这些人一个个找出来，也挂出悬赏寻找签筒，我还在古文物交易市场、拍卖行等地方寻找签筒，但都没有找到。”
"For so many years, I have tried to find out these people one by one, and I have also put out a reward to find the lottery holder, and I have also looked for the lottery holder in the antique cultural relics trading market, auction house and other places, but I have not found it."
屈蕴是真痛苦，他有才能，因为觉醒，他更是早慧，学什么都很快，如果不是他把大半心思都用在寻找签筒上，他的事业王国会比现在更强大。
Qu Yun is really painful, he has talent, because of awakening, he is even more precocious, and he learns everything quickly, if he doesn't spend most of his mind on finding the lottery holder, his career kingdom will be stronger than now.
但要那么强大的事业有什么用？ But what's the use of having such a strong cause?
他赚再多钱都没办法让自己站起来行走，更没办法让自己重新觉醒。
No matter how much money he makes, he can't get up and walk, let alone reawaken himself.
有谁知道他为了寻找签筒付出了多少？ Does anyone know how much he paid to find the holder?
就在他快要绝望时，世界突然开始异变，国家竟然成立了异能局。
Just when he was about to despair, the world suddenly began to change, and the country actually established a supernatural bureau.
比起其他人的惊慌不安，他是真的兴奋和充满期待。 Compared to the panic of others, he was really excited and full of anticipation.
像他们这种大商人，对这种事的嗅觉总是比普通人更敏锐几分，他和其他大商人一样，开始想方设法接触异能局，试图能获得异能。
A big businessman like them always has a sharper sense of smell for this kind of thing than ordinary people, and he, like other big businessmen, began to find ways to get in touch with the Ability Bureau in an attempt to obtain it.
而就在他试图打通关节去高价购买觉醒药剂时，他忽然在异能局的交易网上看到一条悬赏信息。
And just as he was trying to open the joint to buy the awakening potion at a high price, he suddenly saw a bounty message on the trading website of the Ability Bureau.
当他看到悬赏中的照片，他如遭雷击。 When he saw the picture in the bounty, he was struck by lightning.
竟然有人在找石片！ Someone is looking for a stone chip!
他当时就想寻找石片的人会不会也是魔种，对方是不是也想去往魔界，以及对方知不知道签筒。
At that time, he wanted to find whether the person looking for the stone shard would also be a demon seed, whether the other party also wanted to go to the demon world, and whether the other party knew about the lottery holder.
出于试探，也是想真的找到签筒，屈蕴联系了异能局。 Out of temptation, but also to really find the sign, Qu Yun contacted the Ability Bureau.
王叶根据屈蕴的精神力波动判断，这人应该说的都是实话，他是真不知道签筒的下落。
Wang Ye judged according to Qu Yun's spiritual power fluctuations, this person should be telling the truth, he really didn't know the whereabouts of the lottery.
“签筒不仅可以指出魔族通道在哪里，它还是打开通道的钥匙？”王叶确定地问。
"The sign holder can not only point out where the demon passage is, but it is also the key to open the passage?" Wang Ye asked firmly.
屈蕴闭上眼睛，无力地点了点头。 Qu Yun closed his eyes and nodded weakly.
“你知道使用方法？” "Do you know how to use it?"
“知道。” "Yes."
“在梦境中看到的？” "What you saw in a dream?"
“是。只要是魔种触摸签筒，就会做相应的传承梦。”屈蕴说到这里，索性把自己的想法都说了出来：“签筒没办法让我重新觉醒，但我想着如果能去往魔界，也许我能在那里找到重新觉醒的办法。”
到此，王叶终于明白因果卷颜色再度变深的原因。
签筒让魔种重新觉醒不可怕，它能指路也不可怕，可怕的是它能打开通往魔界的通道。
上辈子地球可没有魔族过来，如果这辈子魔族大举进攻地球，再加上那些回归者，地球进入末世倒计时的时间恐怕会加快再加快。
而魔族之所以出现，追根究底就是因为他的重生影响了一切，他还让关键人物屈蕴活了下来。
因果卷能不变色吗？
这因果可都要算到他头上！
王叶看向屈蕴：“你就没有想过，你打开魔界通道，你能过去，魔族也能过来？”
屈蕴张了张嘴唇，反驳道：“当年龙鲤前辈也打开过通道，但也没听说有魔族过来。”
“你怎么知道就没有魔族过来？你看到了？”
屈蕴说不出话了。
王叶想到了贝加尔湖，那里的通道曾经打开过，就有魔族从那条通道回去魔界，所以地球之前肯定有魔族在。
只不过数量不多，也许只有几个。
王叶猜测应该跟地球正处在能量冬眠期有很大关系，那些魔族就算想过来，恐怕一感觉到这边贫瘠的能量，也会不屑于过来，顶多就是扔几粒魔种过来，定个锚，等以后附魂。
甚而因为能量稀少的缘故，打开的通道就只能允许非常弱的魔种和魔族通过，说不定就连数量都有限定。
王叶忽然想到：那些从贝加尔湖回去的魔族是怎么打开的通道？以及他们为什么突然回去？
王叶陡然坐直身体。
魔族打开通道回去魔界，是不是他们已经察觉地球开始能量复苏，这是回去通知亲戚好友，打算过来地球这边占好处？
不管他们是为了什么回去，他们打开通道的关键是什么？
是魔族就可以随便打开通往魔界的通道吗？
王叶摇头，不可能，如果异界通道这么容易打开，地球早就完蛋。
所以那些魔族肯定也用了钥匙。
那通道钥匙会有好几个吗？
会不会那通道钥匙就是签筒？
王叶腾地站起，在客厅里走来走去地思考。
他总觉得自己想到了某个关键，但他还没能抓住。
屈蕴不知道少年在想什么，就看他突然变色，站起来绕圈。
王叶敲脑袋，因果卷变色……提醒……
他接任务时，因果卷没有反应。
直到屈蕴回到山口镇，而他那时也知道了签筒的事，因果卷才颜色再度变深。
可现在签筒下落不明，没有钥匙，屈蕴就算来到山口镇，按理对地球未来也不会有任何影响。
那因果卷为什么变色？
除非打开魔族通道的一切条件都已经齐备。
首先是想要打开魔族通道，并且知道如何打开通道的人。屈蕴√。
其次就是最关键的钥匙，签筒。
难道签筒就在凤仙镇？
雷木看王叶眉头紧皱，就帮他开阔思路：“如果那几个魔族真的是通过签筒打开通道回去魔界，他们下次过来也是用签筒吗？他们是不是把签筒带走了？”
王叶定住脚步。不对，如果签筒在魔界那边也能当钥匙使用打开回来地球的通道，那当初龙鲤为什么留下签筒？
Wang Ye froze. No, if the lottery holder can also be used as a key to open the passage back to Earth on the Demon Realm, then why did the dragon carp leave the lottery holder in the first place?
他不信龙鲤去了魔界就不想回来。 He didn't believe that Long Carp didn't want to come back if he went to the Demon Realm.
人，总是会习惯给自己留后路。 People will always be accustomed to leaving a way back for themselves.
龙鲤没有选择去未知的道场，而是选择了去魔界，这很好理解，因为龙鲤觉得自己是魔物，比起去一个对魔种态度未知的道场，当然还是去魔界更自在一些。
The dragon carp did not choose to go to an unknown dojo, but chose to go to the demon world, which is very understandable, because the dragon carp feels that he is a monster, and it is more comfortable to go to the demon world than to go to a dojo with an unknown attitude towards the demon seed.
但龙鲤应该对魔界并不是特别了解，就算有大魔蛊惑他，他应该也会留有几分小心。
But the dragon carp shouldn't know much about the demon world, and even if there is a big demon to bewitch him, he should be a little careful.
他把签筒留下，除了帮助后面有可能出现的魔种，更可能是签筒只能在地球这边使用。而魔界那边打开到地球的通道钥匙应该是别的东西。
He left the lottery holder, in addition to helping the demon seeds that may appear later, it is more likely that the lottery holder can only be used on this side of the earth. And the key to the passage to Earth on the Demon Realm should be something else.
如此也能解释后来的魔族为什么能打开贝尔加湖的通道，因为他们拿到了签筒这把钥匙。
This also explains why the later demons were able to open the passage to Lake Belga, because they got the key to the lottery holder.
那为了后来者也能打开通道，那些魔族走的时候，会不会和龙鲤一样把签筒留了下来？
So that the latecomers can also open the passage, when those demons leave, will they leave the lottery holder like the dragon carp?
而那些离开的魔族会把签筒放到哪里？ And where will those demons who leave put the holders?
“草！我知道了！”王叶身影咻地消失。 "Grass! I know! Wang Ye's figure disappeared with a sigh.
虫巢中，头上带着花圈、正在整理田地的小云吓了一跳。
In the hive, Xiaoyun, who was tidying up the fields with a wreath on his head, was startled.
“叶子，有事吗？” "Yezi, is there something wrong?"
王叶一把抓住小云的胳膊，急切地道：“小云，上次我从贝加尔湖底不是弄了很多烂泥进来吗？你有没有在那些烂泥里发现什么东西？”
Wang Ye grabbed Xiaoyun's arm and said eagerly: "Xiaoyun, didn't I get a lot of mud from the bottom of Lake Baikal last time?" Did you find anything in the mud? ”
小云眨眨眼，哎呀，他们暗中分赃没分给家主的事被知道啦~
Xiaoyun blinked, oops, the fact that they secretly shared the spoils and did not share them with the head of the family was known~
王叶哭笑不得：“祖宗哎，我不是想要你们的东西，我就是想问你们有没有发现一个签筒？”
Wang Ye couldn't cry or laugh: "Ancestor, I don't want your things, I just want to ask if you have found a lottery holder?" ”
“签筒？”小云一心种田，并没有怎么关心外面发生的事。
"Sign?" Xiaoyun was so focused on farming that he didn't care much about what was happening outside.
王叶赶紧拿出手机，调出照片给小云看。 Wang Ye hurriedly took out his mobile phone and called up the photo to show Xiaoyun.
小云瞅了一会儿，像是想起什么一样：“啊。” Xiao Yun looked at it for a while, as if remembering something: "Ah." ”
王叶神经被提起，期待地看小云。 Wang Ye's nerves were lifted, and he looked at Xiaoyun expectantly.
小云转身，唰唰往他住的小楼走。 Xiaoyun turned around and walked towards the small building where he lived.
对，他也有一栋专门的小楼。 Yes, he also has a small building dedicated to it.
别看他是树人，貌似不用房屋，但王叶对家里所有成员都一视同仁，升级虫巢后给家里几个小的都各自准备了他们的窝。
Don't look at him as a tree man, he doesn't seem to need a house, but Wang Ye treats all members of the family equally, and after upgrading the insect nest, he prepares their nests for several small people in the family.
小云的窝很别致。 Xiaoyun's nest is very chic.
王叶顾不上看小树人是怎么打扮自己的小楼的，他跟着小云进入小楼。
Wang Ye didn't care about how Xiao Shuren dressed up his small building, he followed Xiao Yun into the small building.
然后就看到小云指向墙壁上的木板架子。 Then I saw Xiaoyun pointing to the wooden shelves on the wall.
架子上放着一些小花盆、小石头之类的点缀物。 There are some small flower pots, small stones and other ornaments on the shelves.
王叶在最底下一层看到了一个眼熟的笔筒……是签筒！ Wang Ye saw a familiar pen holder on the bottom layer...... It's a stick!
小云拿起签筒，往桌上一倒。 Xiaoyun picked up the sticker and poured it on the table.
一堆耳环、宝石、戒指之类的零碎出现在桌子上。 A bunch of earrings, gemstones, rings, and the like appeared on the table.
小云把签筒递给王叶：“我从烂泥里找出来的，洗干净后觉得还挺漂亮，就用来装这些零碎了。你要给你啊。”
Xiaoyun handed the sticker to Wang Ye: "I found it out of the mud, and after washing it, I thought it was quite beautiful, so I used it to hold these scraps." You're going to give it to you. ”
“……谢谢。”王叶接过签筒。 “…… Thank you. Wang Ye took the holder.
小云摆摆手：“不谢。你早说你要找这东西，我早告诉你了。”
Xiaoyun waved his hand: "No thanks." You said you were looking for this, I told you earlier. ”
王叶：“……都是我的错。” Wang Ye: "...... It's all my fault. ”
雷木发出闷笑，他完全可以想象小叶子现在的心情。 Lei Mu let out a sullen smile, he could completely imagine Xiao Yezi's current mood.
很好，打开魔界通道的条件备齐了。 Very good, the conditions for opening the Demon Realm Passage are ready.
王叶打开因果卷，红得发黑的颜色没有改变。 Wang Ye opened the cause and effect scroll, and the color of the red and black did not change.
这是危险还没有解除吗？ Is this a danger that has not been lifted?
王叶的精神力触摸到刚刚出现的签筒图案上。 Wang Ye's spiritual power touched the pattern of the lottery holder that had just appeared.
物也有因果，尤其是一些关键物品。 There is also cause and effect in things, especially some key items.
王叶试图去看签筒上辈子的经历，被拒绝。 Wang Ye tried to see the experience of the previous life of the lottery holder, but was refused.
他只好看签筒这辈子曾经发生过的事。
这次很轻松就看到了。 I saw it easily this time.
签筒果然是通往魔界的钥匙，而且是单向钥匙，就跟单向传送阵一样。
The lottery holder is indeed the key to the Demon Realm, and it is a one-way key, just like a one-way teleportation array.
通道也就在贝加尔湖，目前也只有这么一条通往魔界的通道。
但通道并不是随意开启的，它需要积累能量，只有能量足够，钥匙才能打开通道。
而要看通道累积的能量是否满足打开的条件，得看钥匙也就是签筒。
签筒上有一条线，这条线普通人不会注意，但魔种和魔族就能看到它的变化，如果这条线从底部上升到顶部，那就表示能量满了，通道可以打开。
而且通道能量满的同时，钥匙也就是签筒还会给出提醒——通道可以打开了。
距离签筒一定范围内的魔族，都会接受到提醒。
屈蕴这样觉醒失败的，就不包含在里面了。
签筒一千五百多年前被使用了一次，那时拿着签筒的就是龙鲤。
龙鲤使用过签筒后，就通过他的神通把签筒放回了土地庙。
这是龙鲤的私心，他希望镇子以后再出现魔种，能通过签筒知道自己的来历并能找到前往魔界的通道，否则一般签筒都是丢在通道附近。
另外，龙鲤打开通道时，确实有两名弱小的魔族通过通道过来。
但也就这么多了，通道打开时间很短，龙鲤一过去就关闭了。
三十多年前，签筒再次集满能量，发出通道可以打开的提醒，于是附近一名魔族感知到——他也是当年过来的魔族之一，就过来把签筒拿走了。
那魔族虽然能力一般，但那些开发商和工人都是普通人，压根就不知道他们在忙活着推倒土地庙寻找宝贝时，有魔族过来把签筒拿走。
可惜王叶只能看到签筒的部分记忆，他只看到一个魔族拿走签筒，却不知道对方为什么等了三十多年，才使用签筒打开通道离开地球。
那魔族用完签筒，就把签筒随手丢在贝加尔湖底。
他并不怕魔族找不到签筒，只要等下次签筒集满能量，就能发出提醒，魔族自然能找到。
第394章 加入地球守卫者吧
王叶第一反应就是毁掉签筒。
但很快他又犹豫了。
他想要去魔界寻找师父们，通道钥匙就是必须的。
虽然只要通过双月星那边的第二关学堂的“毕业”考试，他一样可以去往魔界，但多一手准备不好吗？
就是因为你有这个想法，因果卷才会感到危险。说不定在未来你会遗失签筒，或者“不得不”使用签筒，导致魔族大军进入地球。王叶脑中冒出另一个声音反驳自己。
以前魔族大军过不来，九成九是因为地球能量太少，通道能打开的时间和坚固度和宽度也处在最低微状态。
可现在地球正处在能量复苏期，换言之，通道能打开的时间更长、能通过的魔族会更多，甚至包括中高阶的魔族。
到时地球会变成什么样？
就是双月星的那条通道，还有个第二关学堂镇压，除了学堂，还有塔塔拉族帮助看守通道。
如果魔族能突破这两重限制过来，双月星也不是没有大佬可以抵挡一阵。
但地球有什么？
现在的地球在异变初期，甚至会出现科技文明倒退的可能，超凡者又都是才觉醒不久，基因进化也只是初级进化，要靠什么来对付魔族？
说动回归者来对付魔族？
算了吧，那些回归者不拿地球人当炮灰就算不错。
说不定最后是回归者和魔族强强联合，共同瓜分地球，而现有的地球生灵包括人类在内，要么被消灭、要么被奴役。
当然，最大可能是，一切都支撑不到那个时候。
三方互干，还有一方拼命的结果，极有可能就是大家同归于尽，连着地球一起玩完。
毁了签筒！
必须毁。
虽然这会让地球少一条通往他界的道路。
而魔族想过来，肯定还是会过来。但没有签筒定位，他们想要打开通往地球的通道必定会困难许多。
这至少能给地球多一些准备时间。
王叶重新下定决心。
上辈子魔族很可能就是在他死亡过后没多久就来到了地球。
这也是能解释外国商人为什么在留下的刻字中把魔鬼放在第一位。
因为按照上辈子原本的时间进程，极有可能事实真相是这样的：
三十多年前，一群开发商在镇长儿子的撺掇下跑到凤仙镇想要搞旅游开发。
他们挖出了琉光卵，被辐射。
那时没有外国商人开枪杀人。
同期，屈蕴想得到签筒和石片，就撺掇他父亲装醉对开发商说谎，勾起他们的贪心，破坏土地庙来寻宝，他们也好趁乱做手脚。
谁知一名魔族感知到签筒存在，就来到凤仙镇，他极有可能看到了被辐射和变异的男女工人。
也许那名魔族做了什么，也许他直接显示身份，总之凤仙镇的情况更加糟糕，才会让人联想到魔鬼。
许多年过去，地球能量复苏，魔族通过通道来到地球。
他们很可能先去了凤仙镇，桂花奶奶看到了更多魔鬼。
然后能量大爆发，世界急剧异变，地震洪水海啸火山爆发等自然灾害频发……
“这东西硬毁不行，它就是一种炼金物品，别看它样式简单，实际它的构成程度超过了我现在的炼器水平。”靳蜘蛛又坦然又惊叹地道。
宝物自晦，哪怕这东西就在虫巢中，靳蜘蛛和王叶等都没发现它的特殊之处。
雷木原本可以发现，但小云把签筒收进了自己的小楼中，在签筒没有主动散发“来找我”的信息的前提下，雷木不接近自然感应不到。
“那怎么办？留着它吗？”王叶并不想留着这么一个隐患。
靳蜘蛛想了一会儿，给出一个主意：“破坏总比创造简单。但我们的实力等级不如这个签筒，没办法暴力摧毁，只能绕个弯子，那就是理解它的构成，知道它的薄弱点在哪里。把无从下手改成专对薄弱点攻击，那么毁坏这个签筒就不是不可能。”
“你知道它的构成？”
“我们可以学习。这东西是魔族炼制，而双月星留有最多魔族炼金知识的地方就是知识之城，而知识之城中对魔族炼金知识掌握最多的一共有三名，一个是我，一个是海王，还有一个就是城主伯里。”
王叶看靳蜘蛛，不说话。
靳蜘蛛却不得不说：“我只能解决一部分，想要完全弄懂这个签筒的构成，你得学习更多的魔族炼金知识，也就是……”
“我得去一趟知识之城？”
“是。但你不一定非要去找海王和城主伯里，去知识之塔也是一样，那里理论上存有知识之城最完整和最尖端的知识。如果知识之塔没有足够的相关知识，我想那就只有去旋风带的第二关学堂里寻找了。”
王叶：所以不管我去哪里、不管我现在多大，都逃不过学习这一关是吧？
王叶暂时把签筒扔进虫巢隔离室。
半个小时后，王叶再次面对屈蕴。
屈蕴神色看起来很平静，但他曲起的手指并不是放松状态的弯曲。
对于这位残疾的成功人士，王叶同情他也佩服他，换他变成屈蕴，他真不一定能做得更好。
但这位绝不是什么好人，为了能觉醒，他做了太多。
王叶甚至觉得这位虽然没有觉醒魔种的力量，但他其实已经是魔了，因为偏执、因为过度渴望而入魔。
而凤仙镇的能量眼已经开始喷涌，这位只要继续在这里待下去，要不了多久，也许就能在能量冲刷下真正转变成魔物。
不过就是不知道那时他能否保持理智，还是转变成像鲁一丰那样的堕魔者。
But I just don't know if he can keep his sanity at that time, or transform into a demon degenerate like Lu Yifeng.
“我已经把我知道的都告诉你了。”屈蕴委婉地表示王叶应该履行诺言。
王叶竖起两根手指：“你现在有两个选择，选择一，我会送你去魔界，但需要你稍微等个一段时间，最长不会超过十年。选择二，我会帮你重新觉醒，但不保证百分百成功，能不能觉醒成功，主要还是看你个人。”
屈蕴的手指抠入了轮椅扶手中，他几乎没有怎么犹豫，当即道：“我选择二。”
“我以为你会想去魔界。”王叶不含讥讽地道。
屈蕴苦笑：“那是不得以的选择。其实我的身体情况已经越来越糟糕，半身不能动会影响到全身气血行走，加上我郁闷在心，心不宽又怎么能长命？我没有妻子儿女，一堆亲戚就等着我死，好继承我的财产。可让我就这么死去，我又怎么甘心？”
“所以你明知打开通道去往魔界，很可能到了那边情况更糟糕，甚至有直接被其他魔族吞噬的危险？”
屈蕴点头：“下雨天触摸签筒，就是普通人也会做噩梦，他们看到的就是魔界一些场景。魔界既然被称为魔界，那里可不是欢乐乡。”
王叶明白了，这人赌上一切机会去寻求一个最微小的可能，不过是不甘心，也是对这个世界没有丝毫留恋。
这家伙比一千多年前那个龙鲤要冷血得多。
按照地球的说法，这位就是高智商反社会型天才，还是隐性的。
王叶在沙发上坐下，那模样跟他才是这里的主人一样。
屈蕴等着少年提条件，他不相信少年会这么简单就帮他重新觉醒。
王叶开口：“我可以马上履行诺言帮你重新觉醒，但同样看在我那位好哥们的份上，我必须要事先告诉你一件事。”
屈蕴暗中嘲讽都是套路，嘴上却平和地说道：“请说。”
王叶的眼睛非常清澈，当他的眼睛看着你时，你会觉得不管自己在想什么，对方都一清二楚。
屈蕴现在就有这样的感觉。
王叶确实知道屈蕴在想什么，但他无所谓地笑了下，道：“你知道自己入魔了吗？”
屈蕴的表情是这样的：=_=？
王叶才不管他怎么想，继续说道：“如果我帮助你重新觉醒，你很可能刚觉醒完，不管成不成功，都会变成堕魔者。知道堕魔者是什么吗？就是失去自己理智和意识，只剩下执念和恶念的魔物，它们基本就没有脑子可言，完全凭本能和执念做事。”
屈蕴想要不相信，但他好歹也曾觉醒过，虽然觉醒失败，但他还是获得了传承记忆。
被种下魔种的人类，有的人能坚持到人生最后都保持人性，但有的人会被自身魔种魔气感染，就此蜕变为魔物。还有的人被魔种原主人的魔魂附身，成为了躯壳。
堕魔者是最糟糕的一种，他们也是最低等、危害也比较大的一种魔物。
在他接收到的传承记忆中，堕魔者是没有清醒意识的，它们一生都被执念和本能左右，直到被杀死都不可能清醒过来。
尤其屈蕴自己也能感觉到，他为了找到签筒、为了能站起来、为了能重新觉醒，他已经形成了顽固的执念。
“你既然提出来，是不是有办法避免我变成堕魔者？”屈蕴伸手从衣服领子里拉出他戴的项链。
项链挂坠赫然就是王叶在找的石片。
“你需要它对吗？我回答了你的问题，换你帮我重新觉醒。我再用这石片，换你保证我不会变成堕魔者。是否交易？”
王叶伸出手。
屈蕴立刻摘下挂坠石片，抛向王叶。
王叶握住石片，感知后，确定就是通行证。
屈蕴眼含期待地看向他。
少年有可能是骗子，骗走了他的石片。
那又怎样呢？
他还有什么可失去的？
这个少年已经是他能找到的最大机会。
如果他真是骗子，他就……认命了。
反正以这个少年神出鬼没的能力，他如果想要杀死他夺走他的石片，恐怕比翻手还容易。
王叶收起石片，正色道：“好，我帮你。不过你想要不入魔，首先得以灵魂起誓，立下三条规则。这三条规则不是用来害你，也不是为了服务我，而是为了帮你遏制和约束你自己。更能避免你在觉醒的过程中，被自己的恶念和偏执拽得堕落。”
屈蕴看少年这样说，反而有些相信他了：“哪三条规则？”
“不能伤害无辜，不取不义之财，不可背叛人类。”王叶说得很慢。
屈蕴笑了，自从见到王叶到现在，他第一次露出了真心的笑容：“好，我以灵魂起誓必将遵守这三条规则。”
王叶摆手：“不是这么简单，等会儿我会布置一个阵法，你需要坐在阵法中把你要遵守的规则一条条说出来。等确定你是真心立誓，阵法才会启动。”
次日早晨，屈蕴睁开眼睛，发现自己躺在床上。
他有点迷糊，有种刚从梦境醒来，分不清自己是在做梦，还是已经回归现实的混乱感。
不过梦境太真实了。
他梦到自己见到一个少年，跟他说出了自己隐藏三十多年的最大秘密。
那少年逼迫他立下誓言，拿走他珍藏的石片，但也确实遵守诺言帮他重新觉醒。
他的双腿在他觉醒后就有了知觉…… His legs became sensy after he woke up......
唰！屈蕴瞬间坐起身。
因为动作太大，他还差点闪到脖子。
不过这些都比不上他下半身传来的感觉。
他竟然感到自己的双腿在用力，他坐起来了，不只靠他的上半身力量，他这次非常轻松地就坐起来了！
屈蕴不可置信地看向自己的腿和脚。
他想要动自己的脚趾。
脚趾果然动了动。
他想要弯起自己的双腿。
他的双腿果然屈了起来。
屈蕴猛然抱住自己的双腿，用力揉捏，捏到他疼得龇牙咧嘴。
但他高兴，无比高兴！
他的双腿有知觉了呀！
屈蕴试着把自己的双腿放到床边，脚踩到地上，他试着站起来。
虽然颤抖，虽然还不稳，但他真的站了起来。
“咚咚。”敲门声响起。
屈蕴听到敲门声，以为是来打扫的阿姨，赶紧坐回床上，他再看自己身体，穿着睡衣。
“谁？进来。”
卧室门打开，一颗毛茸茸的头颅探进来。
少年手里抓着一张煎饼，边啃边冲着屈蕴含糊地道：“你醒了？如果没事，我就离开了。对了，你玩《极度危险》这个游戏吗？如果没玩，我建议你进去玩一玩，最好能找个技能学一学。哦，你要是有传承记忆，那就当我没说。”
少年正要离开，又把脑袋伸回来：“另外，你的情况我已经报给异能局，你记得等会儿自己去注册。”
“最后一件事，你被特选为地球守卫者预备役见习战士，从今天开始，你必须进入该群进行学习。学习什么，你进群后就知道。等通过预备役考试，你就可以晋升为见习战士，再通过见习考试，你才能成为真正的地球守卫者。”
少年报出一个群号，让屈蕴记下，继续道：
“成为地球守卫者之后并不代表就不会考试了，除了升级需要考试以外，每年都会有一次综合考评，考评不合格的人会立刻降级，严重不合格会立刻剥夺地球守卫者身份。具体情况，你进群后会有人跟你说明。”
“最最后一点，因为你是通过我觉醒的，所以加入地球守卫者队伍就是你的义务，加入三年后你可以自由退出。没有任何过错的自由退出，不会受到任何惩罚。如果你不肯履行义务，那我就只能剥夺你的能力了。”
王叶想了想，似乎没有什么遗漏的，摆摆手，道了声“拜拜”，人就跑了。
屈蕴：“……”
所以他以为是梦境的一切根本不是梦境，而是真实发生的事情？
不过这个地球守卫者是怎么回事？还又是预备役，又是见习，还要每年考核？
是强制义务也就算了，怎么感觉考试那么多？
王叶：学习和考试就应该贯彻整个人生，桀桀桀！
把屈蕴选入地球守卫者队伍，算是王叶一时心血来潮吧。
这个队伍里面的成员的觉醒几乎都和他有关，人品至少目前没问题。
屈蕴有那么点危险，但他已经以灵魂起誓立下那三条规则。
从此，那三条规则将成为他的束缚。
一旦打破，他就会立刻堕落成为堕魔者，而且所有能力都会崩溃。
说句难听话，有锁链拴着的狼，有时候比听话但只会卖萌的狗狗要有用得多。
而且目前全是少年和青年的见习战士们也需要一个人生经验更丰富、心智更成熟且更狡猾的社会成功人士给他们一些指点。
屈蕴会不会影响甚至控制整个地球守卫者队伍？
呵，那就太小看里面那些成员了。
等屈蕴进入地球守卫者的战士群，他会发现里面要遵守的规则更多。
这些规则可不是他想出来的，都是那些之前的成员自己琢磨出来的。
王叶也不是培养什么特殊组织，他就是希望有一群人能在地球整体遇到危险时，能作为领头人站出来。
有时候遇到危险，真的就缺乏一个有勇气有能力并愿意劳心劳力的领头人。
越是能快点反应，获救的人数和范围也就越大。
但要说王叶对这个组织有多么大的指望，那也没有。
他就是扔了一个概念，然后组织一帮人，最后就看他们自己发展吧。
因果？
他不可能因为担心因果就什么都不做。
就像是他帮助方老觉醒，拿出基因进化药剂，以及和异能局合作一样，有些事情你哪怕明知会背负很大的因果，你也会去做。
因为谁不想要自己的家园乃至整个地球都有一个更好的未来？反人类反社会的心理变态者除外。
手上收集到四枚石片的王叶一边让异能局继续帮他收集石片，一边再次全心吸收琉光卵的能量，并专心进攻炼金学。
靳蜘蛛终于高兴起来。
不管是因为什么原因，现在王叶终于愿意认真学习炼金术，还是和雷木一起，这简直不能让他这个做师父的更满意。
三人行必有我师，靳蜘蛛虽然在炼金方面比王叶和雷木都强得多，但他也承认两个小孩的思维要比他更加灵活，而且他们的某些想法可以给他更多启发。
靳蜘蛛先是教导和指点两人，到后来就变成三人一起研究讨论。
王叶学得多学得杂，但他的思维也是最灵活的，往往有点剑走偏锋。
但他能剑走偏锋，也说明他的基础打得特别好。
因为基础不好，你也没办法发散思维啊，发散了你也不知道是否正确。
王叶就在凤仙镇山里的能量眼处临时筑巢，有他这么一个能量大吸收户，凤仙镇乃至城墙山的变化虽然快速，但不至于让人无法承受。
在王叶闷头学习和吸收消化能量期间，凤仙镇作为后方基地的建造也是一天一个样。
整个世界都在改变，所有新闻都已经公开承认地球进入了能量复苏期。
科学的引导压下了宗教的喧嚣。
虽然还是会有宗教人士成天叫喊着末世来临，某某神就要开始计算人类罪孽，打算给人类来个大清洗，这时候如果皈依信仰某某神，就会得到某某神的庇佑……之类的恐吓以及诱惑。
有些人也真的会哭天喊地，觉得世界就要灭绝，更有人搞集体自杀。
但绝大多数地球人还是在慌乱加兴奋中慢慢接受了世界不一样的现实。
王叶偶尔也会上网了解情况……好吧，家里除了他和雷木超爱学习以外，其他小家伙都是网虫，外界有什么事，他们在饭桌上叽叽喳喳地就会跟他们说了。
所以王叶虽然待在凤仙镇没出去，却也不是对外界一无所知。
现在整个世界用一个词来形容，就是“乱中有序”。
这样的情况绝对比前世好多了。
上辈子是所有问题都集中在王叶去世后的一两年中突然全都爆发出来，地球所有生灵都毫无准备——也不能说毫无，游戏到底还是给了提醒，并帮助不少人提高了精神力，如果觉醒也能直接使用游戏中的修炼方法。
但杯水车薪。
有些储存武器的地方因为地震和其他自然灾害，甚至引起连带爆炸。
而大量的自然灾害让所有人都自顾不暇。
更不要说还有大量变异的海陆空生物侵入人类生存领域。
人类也因为突然出现的新人类（超凡者），而乱成一片。
但这辈子，因为王叶，让华夏乃至全世界都有了更充足的准备。
也因为王叶，他有意无意地或引发或封印了一些能量眼，这就让全球能量喷发的时间点拉长成了十来年甚至更长的时间段。
你给少数几个人一下子塞进一亿斤大米，他们肯定怎么都吃不下，强塞的结果就是暴肠，最后整个人都会被大米淹没。
但如果你把一亿斤大米分成几十年，还分给许多人，让大家每天都吃一些，那就完全不同了。
现在王叶做的就是后者。
第395章 烟花和他师父
烟花下的寂寞端着一个大大的餐盘，推门进来。
就看他师父正在念念有词地拿着一把药草往坩埚里丢。
轰的火焰升起，没炸锅。
旁边的石台上放着一本打开的书，他师父拿着一根棒子一边看书，一边对着坩埚念咒，再把棒子伸进去搅合。
坩埚里发出咕嘟咕嘟声。
真的就跟黑巫师炼制黑魔法药剂的场景一模一样。
但这么些年下来，烟花早就不再单纯把他师父当游戏NPC看，对他来说，他师父就是真实的人。
“师父，吃饭了。”烟花找了个恰当的点，开口喊。
他师父没理他，还在那儿研究药剂。
烟花摇摇头，这本书还是他在四年前买下来的，买来后，他自己看不懂，随手丢在一边，结果他师父看到，打开后竟然说这是一本魔药学传承，还是当年那位疯药王留下的魔药学传承，如获至宝。
明明他师父并不是魔药师，却就此栽入魔药的世界，对这本书中记载的知识痴迷至极。
“师父，张嘴，啊。”烟花用筷子夹起一块炸牛奶，送到他师父嘴边。
他师父早就被他喂习惯了，张开嘴咬住炸牛奶。
甜蜜糯软的滋味在口中炸开，米特幸福地眯起眼睛。
烟花也露出笑容，他师父喜欢甜食，超过其他任何食物的喜欢，每次吃到好吃的就会露出幸福得像小猫咪偷吃到新鲜小鱼的模样。
米特吃了两块炸牛奶，就闭上嘴巴不吃了，他这锅药就要成了，接下来需要全神贯注。
烟花也没强求他继续吃，他早就知道他师父什么时候可以喂，什么时候绝对不能骚扰。
The fireworks didn't force him to continue eating, he already knew when his master could feed him, and when he must not be harassed.
烟花就坐在那里，看他师父完成这锅药剂的最后一步。
砰，一朵青烟炸开，坩埚里的药液宛如固体一般攀升，碰触到青烟后，就开出了一朵蓝紫色的大花。
花朵极其艳丽。
米特手一挥，药剂瓶靠近花朵花蕊部分。
花蕊歪斜，一滴又一滴花露流入药剂瓶中。
连续灌了两瓶半，花蕊突然萎缩，紧接着整朵大花都枯萎了。
花朵落入坩埚，发出恶臭。
恶臭不一会儿就消失，坩埚里只剩下一锅粘稠的杂质。
米特把两瓶半药剂中的一瓶扔给徒弟。
烟花接住。
“这是植物亲和药剂。你不是约了人要去森林探险寻找魔植吗，去之前，把这个药剂服了，一年内有效。”米特给自己施展了一个清洁魔法，就用手去捏炸牛奶吃。
烟花收起药剂，他师父这两年小有所成，炼制的药剂几乎都给他了。
“师父，您老是待在家里炼药也无聊，跟我一起出去走走吧。有些魔药，市面上很难买到，不如我们一起去原产地找找。”烟花会想去寻找魔植，也是因为他师父炼药需要。
“不无聊。”米特喝了口徒弟做的奶茶，眼睛都眯起来。
烟花爱死了他师父这个表情，为了让他师父能天天吃到好吃的，他原本只会煮快餐面的人，现在已经快成甜品师了，哦，他还真的在现实世界顺手考了一张甜品师证。
“师父，我不在家，你可就吃不到我做的食物了哟。”烟花提醒。
米特终于变色，捏着雪媚娘皱眉：“你要出去多长时间？”
“我想去沼泽森林。深入的话，来回至少一个月？”没办法，他也需要历练，否则等级升不上去也无法保护他师父啊。
一听这个时间长，米特吃饭的胃口顿时变差了很多。
虽然可以让徒弟做一堆食物放在空间戒指里，但他的空间戒指内存量很小，根本放不下一个月的食物。
而且他的空间戒指也不能保鲜，存放太久的食物口感就不会很好。
最主要的是，他徒弟要离开他一个月，那谁来照顾他生活？
米特觉得自己自从收了这个徒弟后就越来越生活废，可谁让这个徒弟特别勤快特别能干，还特别会照顾人。
以前他都是用魔法来解决生活上的问题，但现在……他有徒弟为什么要用魔法？
可就因为要徒弟照顾，他就黏着徒弟一起出门，似乎很没有师父的威严？
烟花太了解他师父了，一看他师父表情，就知道他师父只是拉不下面子。
“师父，沼泽森林好危险的，你和我一起去吧，求师父保护徒弟~”烟花撒娇？
米特一口咬下半块雪媚娘：“你可以反复重生。”
“师父~”烟花是真不想丢下师父整整一个月，他现在每天看不到他师父都感到日子过不下去，每次下线都担心他师父饿着冷着不小心炸到自己等等。要是一个月都见不到他师父，他觉得自己会先担心死掉。
但他师父是个深宅，想要把他拉出屋子，只美食还不够，他还得再想想办法。
“师父，这次我想去沼泽森林采药，也是因为我听说陨星魔法学校牵头搞了个魔药研讨大会，地点就在陨星城，这次规模搞得很大，时间长达一个月，还有不同阶段的比赛，如果赢了不但能得到名气，还能得到各种稀罕的奖励。当然，我不是去比赛，我就是想去卖药植，再把你之前炼制的药剂高价卖了。在我们这儿，你的药剂再好也卖不上价。”
“魔药研讨会？”米特心动。他以前并没有多少魔药底子，闭门造车总不是个事，如果能有这么一个互相研讨的魔药大会，去看看似乎很不错？
“除了比赛，我听说到时魔药师们还会在路边随便炼制魔药，供大家一起研究探讨，还可以一起讨论新的配方。”烟花又下了更多鱼饵。
“什么时候？”
“下下个月初，师父，您和我一起去吧，我们先去沼泽森林，从森林出来，正好去附近的陨星城。”烟花哀求。
“嗯，我也很久没出门了，这个研讨会听起来有点意思，那就去看看吧。到了沼泽森林，休想我出手，你得自己多多历练。”米特加重语气，表示他不是为了黏着徒弟才出门。
烟花笑开了花：“好好好，师父，你放心，魔法车什么的我都准备好了，保证师父你路上舒舒服服。”
“车里要能炼药。”
“没问题。”
米特点头，他这个徒弟真的没话说，上次他师弟还厚脸皮跟他讨要他徒弟，做梦！谁来要都不给。
当天，烟花就开始大量制作零食，把那辆他花大价钱购买的魔法车尽量塞满，他师父的活动空间当然已经留出来了，他说要让他师父舒舒服服地来去，那就一定会做到。
如果说他师父是痴迷于研究那本魔药宝典，那烟花就是无比痴迷于投喂他师父和照顾他师父。
米特看到魔法车很满意，随手丢了一袋魔晶给徒弟——唉，没钱了，这次去陨星城，顺便卖药赚点钱吧。当师父的养不活弟子，那就搞笑了。
烟花收起魔晶袋，满心甜蜜。
他师父对他最好了，肯定是看他看大价钱买魔法车，心疼他，就拿自己那点家底给他补贴。
烟花可是太清楚他师父的财产，这袋子魔晶给他，他师父大概就要成穷光蛋了。
但烟花可不会把魔晶还回去，他就喜欢他师父对他穷大方又偷偷心疼的模样。
这次历练得到的魔晶还有好东西，他要全部交给师父~
师徒两个驾驶新买的魔法车高高兴兴出门了。
就在他们离开没两个小时，一群魔法师和武师突然来到米特住的小城堡。
其中一名魔法师带头闯进去，他似乎对这里很熟悉。
“不在这里。米特离开了！”
“米特是不是得到了消息？”
“不可能！我们行动这么秘密。”
“你确定你看到的那本魔法书真的是疯药王留下的传承？”
“我看得很清楚！辨药术，著作者余生不定。除了疯药王，还有谁叫这个名字？”
“行了，别吵了，先找到黑巫师米特再说。”
“去跟村里人打听一下米特下落，另外米特不是黑巫师吗，为了避免民众受骗，我们可得好好给他宣扬宣扬。”
在场几名魔法师一听这话都明白了说话人的意思，当下一起阴笑起来。
没多会，这几名魔法师就来到了附近的村庄。
这个村庄规模不小，有上千户人家，不说人人过得多富足，但比绝大多数地方的贫民要过得好多了，至少这个村子里的孩子看起来面颊有肉，就是小孩子也有一条短裤穿，而不是一个个饿得皮包骨头，大人都没一件完整的衣服。
而这个村庄能过得还算过得去，不是因为他们的领主多仁慈，也不是因为他们这里的田地特别肥沃、山林出产多，只是因为他们这里有一个很有名的黑巫师。
黑巫师的名头听起来很可怕，巫师本来就比一般的魔法师更诡异，更何况前面还加一个黑字。
黑巫师等同于黑魔法师，都是让人忌惮的存在。
但这里的黑巫师米特却和其他黑巫师不太一样，他一样研究黑巫术，但对伤害生命、改变环境之类的黑巫术不感兴趣，而且只要你不招惹他，他也不会找你麻烦。
相反，这位黑巫师和当地村民处得很不错。
因为有这位有意无意的庇护，连他们的领主都“忘记”来他们这里收税，也不会有不长眼的管事跑来这里搜刮。
村民们感念这位黑巫师对他们的庇护，逢年过节都会给他送一些食物——这位黑巫师只喜欢大家给他送食物，其他都不要。
烟花当年能拜米特为师，就是受到村长指点，给米特送了很多美食。
大约因为有个爱吃的黑巫师在，如今又多了一个特别会做美食的黑巫师弟子，这个村子里的人大多在做饭上的手艺都不错，几乎每家都有自己的绝活。
王叶是昨天来到这个村子的，当他发现这个村子竟然是个隐藏的美食村后，他就开始了扫货过程。
这是游戏运行第八年末，王叶在地球待了近三年，眼看地球相对已经稳定下来，他该做和能做的事也都做了，他就再次回到了双月星。
这次回来，主要有七件事。
首先是回陨星，跟校长交代几位师父失踪的事，另外就是告辞。他要去找师父们，肯定会很长时间无法再回来。
其次就是往无尽森海的精灵族地跑一趟，见见大祭司木守，了解一下精灵族那边还需不需要他的帮忙。
其三就是找撒尔曼大帝，他把兰道师父搞没了，还要带着木木离开双月星，当然也得跟人家交代一下。
其四，他还想了解一下长生会和幕后十四人的事情。
他也没指望现在就能解决那幕后十四人，如果能干掉这十四个家伙，双月星的顶尖大佬们早就动手了。
有时候平衡更重要，而不是逼得那些家伙狗急跳墙。
当然其中有些实在危险的家伙，比如那位春木上国的国主伯思圣，最好还是能解决掉。
其五，就是查查看智慧寄生虫族的事。
想要消灭所有寄生虫族，这也是很难在短时间内做到的事情。
只能布局，然后靠时间和大量人力来一步步解决。
其六，就是对付双月星的活尸病毒。
活尸病毒的灭除药剂本来就是该闻笛师父研发出来。
闻笛师父在第二关学堂期间也确实把这个药剂做出来了，但还没来得及公开，跟他到地球不久就失踪了。
他作为弟子，当然要帮师父把这个药剂公开，给师父扬名。
剩下最后一件事就是考级，他要把他的所有专业知识等级都考一遍。
考级可以换取大量经验值，这也是最快的提升玩家等级的方法——对于他来说。
考级不是一次性能考完，他目前最高能考到九级，想要拿下十级，他还得再去一趟知识之城，等去过知识之城，就是去第二关学堂。
等把这两个地方的最精尖知识学到手，他大概就能去考十级了。
考完数个专业的十级，他的玩家等级约莫就能冲到九十九级。
之后他会试试看能否突破玩家的一百级。
如果能顺利突破玩家一百级，也就是双月星的十级，他就再次回去地球，看能不能在地球突破到十一级。
如果能最好，不能的话，他也不打算再等下去，他要去找师父们。
至于他为什么会来到这座村庄，那真的是巧合。
好吧，很多巧合都是必然发展的结果。
他回到双月星，正准备回去陨星魔法学校，可他一算时间，忽然发现这段时间正是烟花下的寂寞和他那位师父出事的时期。
因为那本药典——王叶虽然还了一本药典副本回去，但他心里多少还是有些在意那对师徒。
而且那对师徒在上辈子也真的是太惨，烟花下的寂寞的师父虽然是黑巫师，但真没做过什么恶事，反而据说对附近村人都很不错。
And the pair of master and apprentice were really miserable in the previous life, although the lonely master under the fireworks was a dark wizard, but he really didn't do anything evil, but it was said that he was very good to the people in the nearby villages.
可惜那个村庄因为这位黑巫师也几近全灭，因为有人想要栽赃陷害，想要砸实那黑巫师很黑很坏的事实。
除此之外，王叶在论坛中几次见到烟花下的寂寞帮他说话，他承这个情。
In addition, Wang Ye saw the loneliness under the fireworks several times in the forum to help him speak, and he admitted it.
既然正好是这个时期，他还想起来了，那就表示因果连上了，王叶就转头先来了这个村庄。
Since it happened to be this period, he still remembered it, which meant that the cause and effect were connected, and Wang Ye turned his head and came to this village first.
那对师徒出事的详细时间他已经不记得了，过来时他还担心事情已经发生。
He didn't remember the exact time of the accident, and he was still worried that it had happened when he came.
幸好，这个村子看起来仍旧完好无损。 Thankfully, the village still looks intact.
王叶打听了黑巫师的事，知道了黑巫师米特住在哪里，还亲眼看到烟花下的寂寞高高兴兴地把他师父请进魔法车，驾车离开的一幕。而且那大包小包往车里塞的模样一看就是要出远门。
Wang Ye inquired about the dark wizard, knew where the dark wizard Mitte lived, and saw the loneliness under the fireworks and happily invited his master into the magic car and drove away. And the appearance of the big bag stuffed into the car looks like it's going to go far away.
看到这一幕，他就知道事情和上辈子开始不一样了。 Seeing this scene, he knew that things were starting to be different from his previous life.
在上辈子关于烟花和他师父的传说中，可没有烟花买了魔法车带着他师父出远门的片段。
In the legends about fireworks and his master in his previous life, there is no fragment of fireworks buying a magic car and taking his master out of the house.
那十几名魔法师和武师气势汹汹地进入了村庄。 The dozen or so magicians and martial artists entered the village in a menacing manner.
王叶正在村东头一户人家吃早饭，这家女主人做的菜粥好吃极了，王叶和一干小的埋头大喝，把人家一锅粥都快喝完了。
Wang Ye was having breakfast at a family in the east of the village, and the porridge made by the hostess was very delicious.
第396章 一条龙业务 Chapter 396: One-stop business
金宝、小光、小云和大黑，包括靳蜘蛛在内，也都是回到双月星更自在。
Jinbao, Xiaoguang, Xiaoyun and Dahei, including Jin Spider, are also more comfortable returning to Shuangyue Star.
原因很简单，这里是他们的家乡。 The reason is simple, this is their hometown.
最主要的是双月星是魔法世界，人们早就习惯看到各种稀奇古怪的存在，对于他们这些没有人形却有智慧能说人语的存在，当地人首先想到的就是超凡者，而不是把他们当怪物一般瞧稀奇。
The most important thing is that the Twin Moon Stars are a magical world, and people have long been accustomed to seeing all kinds of strange existences, and for these beings who have no form but have intelligence and can speak human language, the first thing the locals think of is the transcendent, rather than treating them as monsters.
王叶也不用再特意用魔法遮掩他们，他们可以随意在村落里跑来跑去，还能直接和村民对话。
Wang Ye no longer had to deliberately cover them with magic, they could run around the village at will, and they could talk to the villagers directly.
就连预言石都飘出来玩了。 Even the Prophecy Stone floated out to play.
预言石没有长腿，但它已经修炼到能浮起来了。 The Prophecy Stone doesn't have long legs, but it's cultivated enough to float.
那个地球少年没有骗它，他不但信守承诺没有摧毁它，甚至没有阻止它修炼，也没有阻止家里的孩子跟它玩耍。
The earth boy didn't lie to it, not only did he keep his promise and didn't destroy it, he didn't even stop it from cultivating, and he didn't stop the children in the family from playing with it.
王叶和预言石约法三章，不允许在没有他许可的情况下，对别人使用预言。
In the three chapters of the Law of Wang Ye and the Prophecy Stone, it is not allowed to use prophecy on others without his permission.
预言石遵守了。 The Prophecy Stone complied.
所以它在地球网络上开的那个算命工作室，完全没有使用它的本体能力，它给人算命是正正经经按照科学统筹学统计出来的有可能未来，再从中推测出最有可能的一个结果。
Therefore, the fortune-telling studio it opened on the earth network did not use its ontological ability at all, and it gave people that fortune-telling was a serious and calculated possible future according to scientific co-ordination, and then speculated the most likely result from it.
骗人？ Deceitful?
它那个网站都是事后收费，就是它先给出预估价，对方同意，它再给出算命结果，如果准，对方再支付报酬。
Its website is charged after the fact, that is, it first gives an estimated price, the other party agrees, and then it gives the fortune-telling results, if it is accurate, the other party pays the payment.
预言石完全不担心有人会赖账。 The Prophecy Stone is not at all worried that someone will default on their debts.
因为靳蜘蛛帮他们弄了个魔法契约，对方同意报价就是同意和它签订契约。
Because Jin Spider helped them get a magic contract, the other party agreed to the offer, which means agreeing to sign a contract with it.
算命结果不准，对方可以不用付费，但如果很准，只要对方心里认可它的算命结果，却要赖掉报酬，那么这人就会遭到魔法契约反噬。
If the fortune-telling result is not accurate, the other party can not pay, but if it is accurate, as long as the other party recognizes its fortune-telling result in his heart, but has to rely on the reward, then the person will be counterattacked by the magic contract.
至于说它算命的准确率有多高？ As for how accurate is its fortune telling?
一年多来，它的那个算命工作室在网络上已经小有名气，它和几个小的分账，都还有足够零花钱下载各种动画片和影视剧。
For more than a year, its fortune-telling studio has become well-known on the Internet, and it and a few small accounts have enough pocket money to download various cartoons and film and television dramas.
人啊，与其说是算命，其实更多的还是想要心理安慰吧。
People, it's not so much fortune-telling, but more about psychological comfort.
预言石从院子里飘了出去，大家都能吃饭，它不能，只能当个风景党。
嗐，来到双月星虽然自由了一点，但没有网络是最大败笔！俨然已经变成超级网虫的预言石哀叹。
金宝上网瘾也很重，但小云、小光和大黑吃完了一起往外面跑，他就也跟上去了，没一会儿就在外面玩得嘻嘻哈哈疯头疯脑。
靳蜘蛛是隐形的老网虫，比起小家伙们，他反而是最不适应没有网络的一个。
幸好他能自己找事做，比如研究那个签筒的构造，否则他就要开始研究双月星的网络了。
给双月星也架设网络系统？
靳蜘蛛不禁很心动。
这对他似乎并不是很难，毕竟他在地球那边已经拿到网络架设的相关知识，虽然不能照搬，但有成功的例子在前，又有相应知识打底，想要改成具有双月星特色的魔法网络也不是不可能之事。
费用和地点也不是很愁。
托王叶和雷木的福，他们一共有两个上佳试点和愿意掏钱的大户。
第一个就是陨星魔法学校。
第二个则是银月帝国。
而这两个势力的首脑们都是超级有眼界的，只要跟他们略微提一提网络的好处，他们九成会愿意试试。
靳蜘蛛记下了这件事，打算见到陨星的时校长和银月的撒尔曼大帝后，就跟他们谈谈。
喧哗声突然响起。
王叶听到了大黑凶狠的汪汪声，还有乌鸦的嘎嘎叫声。
雷木立刻戳王叶：“别吃了，去看看发生了什么事。”
王叶一点都不担心，大黑的实力并不比他弱，小光更是表面漂亮，实际凶残得要命，有它们两个护着，家里小的不可能吃亏。
王叶硬是把锅里最后一口粥都给刮干净吃了，才抹抹嘴站起来。
这家的女主人特别高兴，这位少年超凡者出手大方，脾气也好，带着的魔法生命们虽然调皮吵闹了点，但没有谁故意骚扰他们。
而且这可是高贵的超凡者！ And this is a noble transcendent!
他们竟然那么喜欢她这个普通农妇做的食物，不但吃光，还要购买更多，女主人觉得这事她能吹一辈子。
女主人也听到了远处传来的嘈杂声，好多狗叫，还掺杂着特别瘆人的乌鸦叫声。
村里就是这样，一家狗叫，家家狗跟着叫。不过这样有个好处，就是谁家出事，全村都能知道。
而且家狗智商不低，它们一般不会乱叫，如果只是被主人打几巴掌或者随便吠叫几声，其他狗并不会跟着叫。
一般都是出事，才会很多狗一起叫，就好像狗狗们会互相传达讯息。
女主人走出院子，伸头向远处看，她很想去看看情况，又不放心院子里的客人。
家里的男丁天刚亮就下田去了，不到傍晚不会回来。
“外面很闹腾啊，谁家出事了吗？”王叶先一步拔腿向嘈杂声传来的方向走去。
“好像是村长家。”女主人神色略微有点凝重和焦急，一跺脚：“这位少爷，您小心点，我跟您一起去看看。”
村长家里出事可不是小事，只要不是实在走不开的村人，都会过去看看。
女主人为什么隔着这么远就确定是村长家？
因为村长家里养了一只大乌鸦。
这只大乌鸦其实是魔法生物，是本地唯一的黑巫师赠送给村子的礼物，算是村子的护卫和警戒员。
一旦有什么危险，这只大乌鸦就会通知村长乃至全村，必要时还会出手，如果大乌鸦也打不过，它就会去找它的原主人米特巫师。
大乌鸦在看到那十几名魔法师和武师时，就感知到了他们身上的恶意。
有些人的恶意真的是毫无掩饰。
大乌鸦在这些人进村后就叫了起来。
村长听到乌鸦叫，立刻带着几个青壮从田地里往回赶——就是村长也要下田干活。
但比村长更快反应的是刚刚进村的入侵者们。
“黑巫师的巫术！”领头的魔法师掏出他的法杖，对着那只大乌鸦就发动攻击。
“嘎！”大乌鸦躲过，还愤怒地朝那名魔法师喷出一缕如箭的黑气。
那领头魔法师迅速念咒语，身周冒出一圈光亮，挡住黑气箭头。
“黑巫师米特肆意使用黑魔法，污染附近人类村庄，必须消灭！”一名魔法师大声喊道。
“这只乌鸦是邪恶之物，你们看它血红的双眼，它一定吞噬了大量灵魂。整座村落都被邪恶之气笼罩。诸位，还等什么，还不快跟我一起，拯救这个被黑巫术笼罩的村落！”
另一名魔法师见领头魔法师一时半会儿竟然无法消灭那只大乌鸦，当下就呼吁其他人跟他一起动手。
但他们并不是集体攻击那只大乌鸦，领头魔法师还没有落败、更没有求助，他们要是出手帮忙，那就不叫帮忙，叫打人家的脸。
这些魔法师和武师可不想和领头魔法师结仇，他们一起出手攻击的是大乌鸦身后的房屋。
听到乌鸦叫声的村民从自家屋里出来，还没搞清楚发生了什么事，就看到有外来超凡者在攻击他们的保护乌鸦和村长家的房子？
这是怎么回事？
领头的魔法师戈尔登根本不打算跟当地村民多说什么。
他是米特师弟克里克的好友，他跟着克里克来过这里，自然清楚这里的村民对米特的爱戴，他想让这些村民反过来诬陷米特不是不可能，但那要费大力气。
而戈尔登根本不想花费这样的力气，也不想给自己夺取疯药王传承留下纰漏。
他必须要坐死米特黑巫师的传言，而他和他的朋友是正义之师，他们是为了拯救这里的村民，为了消灭黑巫师而来。
如此才能掩盖他们夺取疯药王传承的事实。
这件事他本来可以做得更隐秘，上次他和克里克过来，都看到了那本魔法书。
当然米特还不至于蠢到把那本珍贵的传承随便放的程度，实际上当时米特正在他的炼药室里按照那本药典炼制药剂，可克里克仗着自己和米特关系亲近，不顾米特弟子的阻挡，就随意闯了进去。
Of course, Mitt was not stupid enough to put that precious inheritance casually, in fact, Mitt was refining potions according to that pharmacopoeia in his alchemy room at that time, but Crick relied on his close relationship with Mitt and broke in at will despite the obstruction of Mitt's disciples.
米特那锅药剂当然失败了，米特想收起那本书，但克里克硬是去抢，还笑着说米特弄到了什么珍贵的魔法书，要见者有份。
Mitter's pot of potion failed, and Mitt tried to put the book away, but Crick insisted on grabbing it, laughing and saying that Mitt had gotten some precious magic book, and he wanted to see it.
就是耽搁了那一会，他和克里克都看到了书的封面和著作者。当时他们要有多震撼就有多震撼。
It was after a moment of delay that both he and Crick saw the cover of the book and the author. They were as shocked as they were.
他们不敢相信会在米特这么一个七级黑巫师这里看到那位的传承巨著，但哪怕只有一个可能，他们也想得到。
They couldn't believe that they would see the inheritance tome of a seventh-level dark wizard like Mitte, but even if there was only one possibility, they wanted to get it.
米特的弟子十分生气，护在他师父身前，并不客气地呵斥克里克宛如强盗一般的失礼举动。
Mitte's disciple was furious, stood in front of his master, and unceremoniously reprimanded Crick for his robber-like faux pas.
米特趁机把那本魔药传承收了起来。在克里克追问那是什么魔法书时含糊了过去。
Mitt took the opportunity to put away the potions inheritance. Crick was vague when he asked what kind of magic book it was.
克里克恼恨米特弟子不给他面子，还跟米特索要他这个弟子，米特没同意。
Crick was angry that Mitte's disciple didn't give him face, and asked Mitte for his disciple, but Mitt didn't agree.
克里克就此怀恨在心，跟他一起密谋如何谋夺疯药王的传承还不够，竟然在喝了一点马尿后，就醉得无法控制，把米特得到疯药王传承魔法书的事嚷嚷了出来。
Crick held a grudge against him, and it was not enough to plot with him how to steal the inheritance of the Mad Medicine King, and after drinking a little horse urine, he was uncontrollably drunk and shouted about Mitt's access to the Mad Medicine King's inheritance magic book.
搞得现在他们有了一共十五名同伙。 Now they have a total of fifteen accomplices.
珍贵的传承当然只传给一人才叫珍贵，如果把疑似疯药王的传承药典抄录十五份，这个传承还珍贵吗？
Of course, the precious inheritance is only passed on to one person to be called precious, if fifteen copies of the inheritance pharmacopoeia of the suspected mad medicine king are copied, is this inheritance still precious?
戈尔登满肚子恼火，但他也不好对克里克发出来——这家伙背景不凡，当年米特的师父就是碍于克里克的背景才收了这名弟子，就全部转移到那些无辜的村民身上。
Golden was full of annoyance, but he didn't want to send it out to Crick - this guy had an extraordinary background, and it was because of Crick's background that Mitte's master accepted this disciple and transferred it all to those innocent villagers.
谁让你们就住在米特的城堡附近呢？ Who told you to live near the castle in Mitte?
谁让你们要接受米特的庇护？ Who told you to accept Mitte's asylum?
现在米特倒霉，你们就也跟着一起完蛋吧！正好还能让我废物利用，你们死相凄惨的尸体和被摧毁的家园就是米特施展黑巫术的最好证据。
Now that Mitt is out of luck, you should be doomed together! Just in time for me to put waste to use, your horrible dead corpses and destroyed homes are the best evidence of Mitte's use of black sorcery.
看到村民出来，几名魔法师的攻击丝毫没停。 Seeing the villagers coming out, the attacks of several magicians did not stop at all.
村长的房子瞬间被魔法炸毁得七零八落。 The village chief's house was blown to pieces by magic in an instant.
火系魔法落到了柴房上，整个柴房都被点燃，火势还有向周围蔓延的趋势。
The fire magic fell on the firewood room, and the entire firewood room was ignited, and the fire still had a tendency to spread to the surrounding area.
乌鸦发出更难听更大声的叫声。 The crow makes louder and louder cries.
村长家里有人发出惨叫，一名年老妇女抱着一个婴儿跑出来，她身上着火了。
Someone in the village chief's house screamed, and an elderly woman ran out with a baby in her arms, and her body was on fire.
乌鸦转头就去救老妇人，朝她身上喷黑气，想要帮她灭火。
The crow turned around and went to save the old woman, spraying black gas at her, trying to help her put out the fire.
戈尔登一看乌鸦竟然在和他打斗中还能抽空去救人，气得法杖立刻对准了那老妇人。
When Golden saw that the crow was still able to save people during the fight with him, he was so angry that the staff was immediately aimed at the old woman.
“嘎！” "Gah!"
“不！住手！你们是谁！你们这是杀人！”村民惊呼。 "Nope! Stop it! Who are you! You're murder! The villagers exclaimed.
“快救人！” "Help!"
村民们有人想要去阻拦动手的超凡者。 Some of the villagers wanted to stop the transcendents who were doing it.
有人吓得抱起自家孩子转身就往家里逃。 Some people were so frightened that they picked up their children and turned around and fled home.
正在村里追着一群小孩玩耍的金宝就是在这时候跑了过来。
Jinbao, who was chasing a group of children in the village, ran over at this time.
小孩被大人叫住，他们看到大火和陌生人也害怕，但金宝胆子多大？
The children are stopped by the adults, and they are also scared when they see the fire and strangers, but how bold is Campbell?
乌鸦挡住了戈尔登的攻击，但它也被打伤了。 The crow blocked Golden's attack, but it was also wounded.
“分散！去拯救那些被黑巫术侵染的邪恶村民吧。”戈尔登下令。
"Disperse! Save the evil villagers who have been infested with black magic. Golden ordered.
其他人早有准备，这种事他们也不是第一次干了，早就驾轻就熟。
The others had already been prepared, and it was not the first time they had done this kind of thing, and they had already mastered it.
十五名魔法师和武师全都分散开，每个人都以一栋民宅为目标，扑了过去。
Fifteen magicians and martial artists all scattered, each aiming for a private house, and pounced.
“汪！”一只大黑狗突然出现在燃烧的房屋前，张嘴喷出阴气。
"Wang!" A large black dog suddenly appeared in front of the burning house, opening its mouth and spewing yin qi.
房屋的火焰立刻熄灭，那老妇人身上的火焰也熄了。 Immediately the flames of the house were extinguished, and so was the flame of the old woman.
那名老妇人都被吓傻了，只有她怀里抱着的小婴儿发出哇哇的哭声。
The old woman was dumbfounded, and only the little baby she was holding in her arms let out a whoow cry.
“亡灵！这里有亡灵！”
“杀了那只亡灵狗！”
大黑活灵活现，一般人根本发现不了它没有实体，但它刚才为了救火，使用了亡灵技能，这就被戈尔登等人察觉了。
戈尔登也立刻发现那只大黑狗能力强大，不是他一个人能够对敌。
虽然不知道这只亡灵大狗哪里来的，但戈尔登反应非常快，立刻命令剩下还没有分散开的人一起攻击大黑。
金宝蹿到大乌鸦面前，朝它吐出一支药剂。
“我爸叽炼制的药剂，不管多重的伤，喝了保管你复原，不是白送你，你要付魔晶哒~”
乌鸦智慧不低，它叼起药剂，竟然会自己打开，仰头就把药剂喝了。
药剂效果也真的非常好，不过转眼间，乌鸦身上的伤势就恢复了。
The effect of the potion was really good, but in the blink of an eye, the crow's injuries recovered.
“嘎！”乌鸦特记仇，刚痊愈，就飞出去报仇了。 "Gah!" The crow took revenge, and as soon as he recovered, he flew out to take revenge.
金宝又蹿到老妇人那里，落到她的手臂上，先用药剂对她疗伤，然后对她喊：“别怕，跟我走，我会保护你们~”
Jinbao jumped to the old woman again, landed on her arm, first healed her with medicine, and then shouted to her: "Don't be afraid, follow me, I will protect you~"
老妇人家里养着大乌鸦，看到一只金色小四脚蛇口吐人言，半点也没害怕。更何况这只金色的小家伙还治好了她的烧伤。
The old woman had a big crow at home, and she was not afraid at all when she saw a small golden four-legged snake spitting out words. What's more, this little golden guy also healed her burns.
烧伤真的太疼了，如果不是顾着怀里的重孙子，老妇人早就疼得昏过去。
The burns were really painful, and if it weren't for the great-grandson in her arms, the old woman would have fainted in pain.
小婴儿被老妇人保护得很好，半点都没有被烧伤。 The little baby was well protected by the old woman and was not burned at all.
老妇人仇恨地怒视那些魔法师和武师，抱着小婴儿，跟着金宝就往院子外面跑。
The old woman glared at the magicians and warriors with hatred, held the baby in her arms, and ran out of the courtyard with Jinbao.
金宝蹲在老妇人手臂上，看似什么都没做，实际上，老妇人和小婴儿身周都有一圈淡淡的金色光圈。
Jinbao squatted on the old woman's arm, seemingly doing nothing, but in fact, the old woman and the little baby had a faint golden circle of light around them.
这是金宝这一年新练出来的技能，金元素构成的保护圈。
This is a new skill that Jinbao has practiced this year, a protective circle composed of gold elements.
不能维持多久，但足够维持到小光带着大军杀到了。 It can't last long, but it's enough to last until Xiaoguang arrives with a large army.
偏有那不开眼的魔法师眼力特别好，看到小小的金宝竟然失声喊道：“精灵族幼崽？！”
There is a magician who doesn't open his eyes with very good eyesight, and when he saw the little Jinbao, he actually shouted: "Elf cub?!" ”
“什么？精灵族幼崽？在哪里？”正四散开来打算杀死村民的魔法师和武师都骚动了。
"What? Elven cubs? Where is it? "The magicians and warriors who were scattering and intending to kill the villagers were in an uproar.
“在那里，在那个老妇人身上。” "There, on the old woman."
“拦住她！别让她离开！”
比起还不知道是真是假的疯药王传承，眼前这只金光闪闪的小四脚蛇却有六成可能真的就是精灵族幼崽。
不管是不是，只看它的颜色，也知道这不是普通魔兽。
而且看体型明显还是幼崽，而所有双月星超凡者都知道比起成年魔兽，一些珍贵的魔兽幼崽才是真值钱。
“咿！谁敢伤我家金宝儿？小的们，咬死他们！”
正带着子民跟着小云在附近果树林中采食花蜜的小光赶到了。
Xiao Guang, who was following Xiaoyun to collect nectar in the nearby fruit groves, arrived with his people.
小云速度也不慢，他看到有人就要追上老妇人，化成双腿的树根动了动。
Xiaoyun's speed was not slow, and when he saw that someone was about to catch up with the old woman, the roots of the tree that turned into legs moved.
一根树根缠住了速度最快的武师。 A tree root entangled the fastest martial artist.
那武师猛地一栽。 The martial artist slammed into the ground.
小云的根系往下一拽，竟然把那武师半个身体都拽进了土壤里。
Xiao Yun's root system dragged down, and he actually dragged half of the martial artist's body into the soil.
武师只剩下上半身在地面上挣扎，他还不知道发生了什么事情。
几只小虫子飞过来，落在了他的头上、肩膀上。
更有上千只虫子扑向以戈尔登和克里克为首的魔法师和武师们。
王叶悠悠哉哉地走过来时，就听到惨叫连连。
有的村民运气不太好，他们正面对上了过来杀他们的超凡者。
但他们的运气又特别好，因为那些超凡者刚要对他们动手，就有一群虫子扑上他们。
超凡者们一开始都没把那些虫子当回事，各出神通想要消灭这些虫子，可……
这些虫子怎么这么难缠？！
几次升级进化后的浮游光虫们现在比他们古早的老祖宗战虫还要像战虫。
不但战斗力一流，他们还跟他们的主人学得特别贼滑，能不正面进攻就不正面进攻，一个个动作都飘逸如仙、快如闪电——你以为它们很慢，它们马上就能告诉你它们能有多快。
当你以为它们很弱小，它们又能用事实告诉你，它们的身体比超合金疙瘩还要硬。
而只要你透出一点点缝隙，让它们实际碰触到你。
那恭喜你，你完了。
这些虫子能直接钻进你的身体里，从内部把你的能量和精神力吸干。
对，人家还不稀罕吃血肉，只要能量。
所以惨叫的不是村民，都是超凡者。
村民们的叫声是这样的：“啊——！啊啊……哎？”
王叶东瞅瞅西瞅瞅，发现竟然没有他的用武之地。
大黑一个打俩，打得那两个魔法师想逃都逃不了。
哦，大黑也不算一个，还有一只大乌鸦趁机偷袭那两个魔法师。
那两个魔法师对付大黑一个就力有不逮，更何况还有一只对他们仇恨到家、报复心极度旺盛的大乌鸦。
没一会儿，那两个魔法师，尤其是戈尔登，脸上和手臂上都被撕扯下几条血肉。
那大乌鸦简直就是不怕死的代表，宁可被打伤也要抓一把仇敌。
再看想要捕猎金宝的几个超凡者，呃，这几个最惨。
小云和小光对金宝那是真的宠，这几个想要打金宝的主意，简直就是在揭小云和小光的逆鳞。
可怜这几个超凡者惨叫得一点脸面都没了。
他们都是半截被埋在土里，下半身被树根绑缚得牢牢的。上半身露在土壤外面，身上全是虫子，这些浮游光虫也坏得很，它们不但吸食这些超凡者的能量，还咬他们。
王叶当初都不敢被这些浮游光虫咬到，咬一口就跟被烙铁烙一下一样。
人家施展酷刑也就烙一下，变态的多来几下，但现在可不是多来几下的问题，而是每个人都被上百只虫子包围，这些虫子想起来就咬他们一口。
“啧，惨，真的惨！”王叶不住啧啧摇头。
“这些人是什么人？”雷木问。
王叶：“我也不知道。等我来找一个问问。”
“当当当！”有人敲响了村里的警钟。
这下好了，凡是在村外附近干活的人，只要听到钟声的，不管在干什么，都是立刻丢下活计，抓起手边所有能当武器的东西就往村子跑。
不过往村里跑的只限能打的青壮男女，在山里采集山货的老弱孩童听到警钟声，先是慌乱了一阵，之后就在老人带领下往山里走。
山里有米特巫师给他们建造的安全洞，如果遇到危险，村里老弱就会躲到这里来，然后等待米特巫师或者村里青壮解决外面的危险。
等危险解除，会有让他们回家的钟声敲响，在这之前，他们都将待在安全洞里。
等村长带着人从田地赶回村里时，在村口就被留守在家的村民包围住了。
“村长，你赶紧回你家看看，你家被超凡者给毁了。”
“村长，你老娘和你大孙子差点被超凡者杀了，又被人救了！”
“村长，我们村来了一群邪恶的超凡者，他们嘴里说着奇怪的话，似乎是米特巫师的仇人。”
“村长……”
“行了都让让，让我先回家。”
村长好不容易才从人群里挤出来，飞快往自家跑，他大儿子跑得比他更快。
王叶坐在一个树桩上，满脸不可思议地瞅着地上那些栽在土里的超凡者。
他对这些对无辜村民都能下手的超凡者当然不会有半点手软，直接就用精神力碾压他们，他问什么，这些人回答什么，一个个连说谎的可能都没有。
除非这些人中有人精神力比他还强大。
但可能吗？
王叶审问完，发现这些超凡者真的就是上辈子杀死黑巫师米特和玩家烟花下的寂寞的凶手。
如果不是烟花能复活，米特巫师的死和这个村庄上千户人家的消亡都会成为一桩迷案。
哦，也不是迷案，是充满正义光芒的除恶行动。
黑巫师米特施展黑巫术，污染了整片土地和这片土地上的人。
一群正义的超凡者为了拯救被邪恶侵染的灵魂，奋力与黑巫师米特师徒战斗，经过浴血搏斗后，最终获得了惨胜。
而被米特污染的村民虽然被杀死，但他们的灵魂都得到了救赎。
这些正义的超凡者还净化了这片土地，把作恶的黑巫师的老巢彻底销毁。
吟游诗人为他们写下诗歌，记载他们的传奇故事。
当地则会生出新的恐怖故事，讲黑巫师的灵魂不甘心就这么死去，永远徘徊在他的老巢附近，甚至还控制着当年一些村民的灵魂，每当特定的日子来临，这里就生人勿进……
以上不是王叶想象出来的，是这些超凡者亲口告诉他的——他们如果能成功，事情就会按照他们说的这样发展。
而他们已经不是第一次这么做，早就有一套成熟的手法。
他们不是雇佣兵，不是朋友，但为什么能配合默契？
因为他们都是拜月教的教徒。
今天的领头人戈尔登就是他们的分教坛坛长。
王叶审问前，再怎么也没想到这件事会牵扯到拜月教。
上辈子烟花报复仇家，杀了很多人，甚至把三个大魔法家族连根拔起，但从没有听说这些人与拜月教有关。
所以上辈子的烟花就算杀了仇人，可他是不是也被利用了？
那三个魔法家族是否无辜？
至少从他见识到这十来个超凡者的实力来看，就领头的叫戈尔登的魔法师还算强大，有七级。
但其他人最高六级，最低才四级。武师同样。
这样的一支超凡力量去对付一对黑巫师师徒，那绝对是足够了。哪怕米特巫师也是七级。
而根据他们的口供来看，除了米特巫师的师弟克里克出身一个比较不错的魔法家族，就是戈尔登也不算什么大家族出身。
所以……
王叶叹息：果然上辈子的记忆就不能全部相信，哪怕是亲眼所见也是一样。
如果他今天没有就在这里，没有亲自审问这些卑鄙的家伙，他永远都不会知道这些人都是有组织的，而且已经不是第一次做这种杀人夺宝还给人泼污水的事。
王叶通过上辈子烟花的经历，甚至推测出，拜月教的人九成已经把这种杀人夺宝之事做成了一条成熟的业务链，他们极有可能还准备好了应对措施，比如转移视线、转移仇恨目标，把复仇者送去对付他们原本想要对付的目标。
至于说解释？
很多事情本来就不好解释，如果中间再有人故意扰乱视听的话，那就更难解释清楚。
试想两方正谈判，有人暗中挑拨，直接杀人，那么不管怎么谈，最后都会打起来。
而一旦混战，一旦有人伤亡，新的仇恨结下，原本没仇的也会结下深仇大恨。
And once there is a scuffle, once someone is killed or injured, a new hatred will be formed, and those who have no hatred will also form a deep hatred.
王叶想了一会儿，不寒而栗。 Wang Ye thought for a while and shuddered.
如果真是这样，那上辈子烟花下的寂寞也太太太惨了。他可是把现实的房产都卖了，就只想为他师父报仇，结果他还被仇家利用了？
If this is the case, then the loneliness under the fireworks in the previous life is too miserable. He sold all the real estate, and he just wanted to avenge his master, but he was still used by the enemy?
这个拜月教真的太可怕了。 This Lunatic cult is really terrifying.
第397章 顺手而为 Chapter 397: Doing it handy
王叶确定这些人没有再把米特获得疯药王药典的事再告诉其他人，又把他们知道的关于拜月教的事都拷问出来，就把他们全都解决了。
这些人罪恶满盈，每个人手上都沾染了许多无辜者的鲜血，一个个死上几次都不足以偿还他们的罪孽。
人死了，东西当然要搜刮干净，就当是他们家这趟的辛苦费了。
十五名超凡者，只有戈尔登和克里克身上有空间储物工具，其他人都没有，但他们携带的魔晶和金币也不少。
王叶和一干小家伙们都很开心。
村长等人也亲耳听到、亲眼看见这些拜月教徒都说了什么，当得知他们会作为被黑巫术污染的邪恶村民全都被杀死时，村民们又气又怕。
不过王叶也只让他们听见这部分，其他就没必要了。
见王叶杀死这些畜生，村民们不禁大为快意。
村长还很担忧：“他们来了这么多人，一下子都不见了，会不会找过来？”
王叶摇头，编了一个善意的谎言：“这些人都是私下行动，他们暗中用邪恶黑魔法炼制了一种魔器，这种魔器需要用大量惨死者的血肉滋养，以惨死者的灵魂为驱使。这种魔器他们不敢告诉别人，害人也是偷偷的。”
而这种借口也更容易让村民接受，总比告诉他们是受米特巫师的牵连要好。
“这么说拜月教不知道他们来我们这里？”
“我审问过了，只有他们十五个人知道。”
村长大大松了口气：“那他们过来这里也和米特大人无关？”
“没有，他们只是随便找个借口，实际上他们根本不敢对上米特，没见他们是趁米特离开的时候才冒出来吗？”王叶冲着烟花，给米特彻底解决了后顾之忧。
村长庆幸无比又连连点头：“幸好有米特大人庇佑我们。这些人太坏了，还说米特大人是黑巫师，他们才是恶魔！”
王叶环视村长等人道：“如果你们不想被拜月教找上门来灭村，这次的事你们……”
“我们知道怎么做，除了告诉米特大人，今天的事绝不会有人说出去，拜月教的人根本就没有来过我们村。”村长迅速道，又手捂胸口深深弯腰：“感谢这位大人您的援手，本村将铭记大人的恩情。”
其他村民也都来拜谢。
王叶该吩咐的都吩咐完，也没多留，不等村民聚集就带着一家离开。
Wang Ye finished everything he should have ordered, and he didn't stay long, and left with his family without waiting for the villagers to gather.
走时，他丢了一个钱袋给村长，让他用来修建之前打斗时被毁坏的村内房屋。
As he left, he threw a money bag to the village chief, so that he could use it to build the village house that had been destroyed during the previous fight.
村长打开钱袋，一看里面数额，原本因为自家房屋被毁而苦愁无比的老脸笑成了一朵花。
The village chief opened the money bag and looked at the amount inside, and the old face that was originally very sad because of the destruction of his house turned into a flower.
这么多金币和银币，别说只是修建几栋村房，就是把整个村子都修葺一遍都够了。
村长也没贪污这笔恩赐，明明白白地亮给村人看。
一些因为房屋摧毁或菜地被毁而哭兮兮的村人也顿时都喜笑颜开。
这次他们不但能保命，还得到这么一份补偿，也算得上是因祸得福。
王叶离开这座村庄后，就杀去了附近的拜月教分坛。
这会儿该分坛的教徒还什么都不知道。
王叶隐身进入该分坛，查看该教内部情况。
拜月教是个表面很松散的组织，他们以双月为祭拜对象，接受民众供奉，会炼制药剂给人看病，只是药剂价格不低，但同时他们也会免费收留孤儿、孤寡老人和流浪者。
那些被收留的人据说会被分散到拜月教拥有的各处农庄，他们将在那里拥有一个家，并干活养活自己。
有些因为各种原因活不下去的人甚至会主动投到拜月教，只求能有一份工作、能养活自己。
还有很多人把不想要的孩子直接就扔到拜月教教坛后门。
当地老人生病或不想给家里增加负担时，也会来到教坛门口，恳求拜月教收留。
拜月教来者不拒。
因为这点，拜月教在每个地方的名声都很不错，不但和地方当权者处得好，在地方贫苦人家眼中也是善的代表。
实际上……
当天，位于银树城的地球玩家们都收到了一个区域性任务提醒。
【紧急任务！今晚十二点，银树城拜月教分坛将转移六十八名儿童、四十六名少女、二十名青少年到珍物拍卖场。请救出这些可怜人，并把他们安置妥当。注意，拜月教实力强大，珍物拍卖行打手众多，四十级以上玩家方可参加此次任务。】
玩家们收到这个任务提醒，不禁面面相觑。
四十级以上玩家现在已经很多，但问题是这个任务提示是不是还少了什么东西？
任务奖励呢？被狗策划给吃了吗？
有些人看没有任务奖励就懒得跑一趟。
但有些人却分析出：“这个任务应该是个任务链启动任务，等救出这批人，接下来肯定是查拜月教或者珍物拍卖行。只要能完成，奖励应该相当不错。”
“就像寻找寄生虫族一样，最后会奖励一个技能或者一个完整传承？”
“极有可能。”
“要试试吗？”
“试吧。这明显就是贩卖人口，我原本听说这个拜月教名声不错，没想到暗地里也在干肮脏事。”
“但把人救出来还要安置，好麻烦。”
“这就是全息和普通游戏的区别嘛。普通游戏都是只要打打杀杀，然后把目标救出来往某个指定地点放下就行，但全息就像是真实世界，救人当然就没那么简单。”
“偏偏这里的政府都特别松散，有些地方的行政官根本就不管事，有些贵族更可怕。我们想把人送到警察局一类的地方都不行。”
“这就是一个中古世界构成，当然不如我们那边法制比较健全，社会架构更比不上了。”
“如果这真的是一个真实世界……突然觉得还是活在我们那边更安全，在这种世界没有超凡者能力，就只有被人碾压剥削的份。想想我们一开始，如果不是我们能不断复活，几条命都不够在这里玩的。”
“是啊。你们说我们在这里建立一个领地怎么样？就是把帮会领地当真正的领地，然后把那些我们救出来的无家可归的土著都吸纳进来，当然不是白养着他们，而是教他们学习和做事，教他们……”
“我懂你的意思了，你想建立政权，改革这个世界？”
“我就是想尝试。”
“哇，有点激动。”
“喂，建立政权什么的，太夸张了吧，我们什么都不懂，最后别搞出大事来。”
“反正这是游戏，为什么不试试？”
“就是啊，试试也没关系，我们也没谁要称王称霸，就是……办一个学校，对，我们可以从一座学校、一家工厂、一座农庄开始办起。”
“星星之火可以燎原。我们不搞事，我们不称王，我们只是思想……不，是知识的传播者！”
“可做这些我们没有任务奖励啊。”
“要什么任务奖励？看着这个世界改变，难道就不是最大的奖励吗？而且别忘了，这可是一个智能超级高的全息游戏，我们进来时，就有提示，说这里玩法自由。我之前得到的几个奖励，就没有任务提示，而是完成后才突然给我奖励。”
“好像可以试试。现在好像还没有其他人这么做。”
“早就有玩家势力了，据说还有人当了国王女婿。但其他人做了也没事，这个世界这么大。”
“喂，你们还接不接这个任务？”
“接，为什么不接！这可是我们即将接受的第一批……学生。”
有人无视了这个救人任务，有人兴致勃勃打算去看看有什么好处可捞，有人却先一步想到要如何安置被救者。
玩家形形色色，有好有坏，有满腔热血的，也有充满正义感的，有行动力超强的，也有头脑特别清醒的……
这些人正在有意无意地改变着整个双月星。
游戏运行第八年末，银树城郊外出现了一个骑士领。
这个骑士领，是一个叫做“来钱钱”的帮会共同努力拿下，他们靠给当地贵族做事，甚至帮对方打仗，送给对方很多好处，才最终从当地的贵族那里得到一个骑士爵位，并得到一小片领地。
在玩家看来，这就是辛辛苦苦拿下的帮会领地。
这个骑士领目前还不大，领地里连一个农奴都没有，就一片荒地，还加一座满是石头的小山。
懂的人都知道，那个贵族坑了骑士钱多多，更有很多人在暗地里笑话这个名字低俗的新晋骑士。
此时谁也没有想到，当这个贫瘠的骑士领点燃了第一把篝火后，这里的火焰就再也没有熄灭。
王叶发布这个营救任务时，也没想到那么遥远。
他承认，他故意没写如何安置那些被救者，就是因为他也不知道如何安置。
他偷懒了，把责任转嫁到了接任务的玩家身上。
因为王叶非常了解自己。
他是尖刀，是行动者，却不是一个好的管理者。所以在地球时，他完全无意插手异能局行事，更无意在体制内谋求发展。
方老很了解他，就只给他挂了一个特别顾问和特别行动员的身份。
而他也乐于这样，有个大后方帮他把事情全部搞定，他只要搞事就好，这样的好事到哪里找？
如果是在地球，遇到这样的事，他都不用发布任务，直接报警就能解决所有问题。
再不行，他可以把人救出来，再打电话报警。
总之，像是把一个教派连根挖起这种事，就不用他个人去做，国家力量在那里呢。
但双月星就不行了，这里除了少数国家和势力还算比较“健康”，绝大多数地方就跟中古世界差不多。
而他完全不打算在双月星发展出一个庞大势力。
那么遇到这种要掀翻某个大型势力，要干掉某些牵连超大的黑暗组织，更有无数后续事宜要他安排时，他要怎么办？
都扔给陨星魔法学校和银月帝国也不行，那两边的承受力也有限。
而且他不能把所有仇恨都集中到这两地，那是害人。
感谢系统给了他发布任务的可能。
他做不到，不代表其他玩家做不到。
地球几十亿人，进入游戏的有多少天才和有能之士？
对这些人，你只要给出一根撬棍，他们自然会有办法把双月星给撬起来。
没看双月星已经有不少玩家建成的势力？
双月星已经在改变，可能有好的，也有坏的，有成功的，也有失败的，但不管如何，双月星确实在玩家的推动下，开始了大踏步的奔行，而不是像以前那样如一滩死水。
这大概也是双月星引入地球玩家的用意之一？想要更快速地发展，而不是在某个年代磋磨太长时间。
他嘛，认清自己能力所在，老老实实地当那个启动任务的按钮就好。
第398章 回校
王叶从米特巫师驻守的村庄离开，就去了沼泽森林。
他想看看在这附近国家活动的活尸是否得到控制。
随后，他在这边的活尸对抗前线看到了许多地球玩家，还有各超凡者学校的学生。
随着裂隙战场消失，原本驻留在裂隙战场的大佬纷纷回转双月星。
这些大佬们有的继续埋头研究，有的却愿意出来活动活动。
最典型的就是各超凡者学校的大佬们，他们回来有不少人特地跑出来带学生。
可能战场出来的大佬们都比较彪，他们不喜欢只会在教室里埋头学习魔法的呆子学生，也不想带他们去原野里抓捕魔兽小打小闹，竟然把学生拉到了实际战场上。
这些学生一开始都被吓尿了，但在诸位大佬的保护下，他们的成长速度也非常快。
沼泽森林的国家距离陨星魔法学校不远，这边的活尸前线的学生就以陨星的学生最多。
不过这些学生大多都是高年级生，实力低微的也不会被拉过来。
玩家们在这里也分成了两大阵营，一部分是散人，这部分要么就是接了佣兵公会的任务，要么就是自己跑过来的。还有一部分则是跟着本地的大团队一起，有的还参加了土著的军队。
如今地球玩家在多种攻略的帮助下，就算是新人也知道要如何快速升级，上战场就是累积经验值最快的途径之一。
之前虫老和闻笛师父他们在知道双月星被地球人当全息游戏时，担心了两天。
但也就两天，他们脸上的担心就不见了。
王叶问过他们，说玩家可是被称为第四天灾，他们是真实地降临到双月星，数量还那么多，虽然双月星可以吃到人口红利。可这么多无法控制的人口，也代表了危险，难道创造这个游戏的存在就不怕玩家提前毁灭双月星吗？
毕竟玩家中有好人，必然也有坏人，而且因为大家都以为是游戏，有些就算在地球看着像是正常人的家伙进入游戏也可能会肆无忌惮地作恶。
甚至有些人在现实中积累太多，就到游戏中发泄。
更不要说原本就是变态的家伙。
当然游戏对此也有一定控制，比如玩家不能脱掉最后一件衣服，且压根就没有那方面的功能，感情再好都只能柏拉图。
另外就是防侵害，如果发现玩家对本地土著或其他玩家有非正常侮辱性行为，会被游戏系统立刻强制下线，甚至封号。
游戏还有绿名、黄名和红名，以及同阵营不能互捅等规则。
但就算有这些防备措施，想要做坏事的人还是能做。
有时候精神伤害比肉体伤害更可怕。
更不要说玩家们带来的各种思想、知识、行为都会影响到双月星本土人。
还有双月星本土人利用玩家来打仗等等。
可王叶提出这些，师父们却笑了。
虫老说：“双月星早就习惯突然有某个种族冒出来，这里本来就是一个多种族多秘境的世界。大家对于接受外来者已经很习以为常。就像清水里加一滴果汁，马上就能看出变色。但如果在一杯原本就是黑色的酱汁里加果汁，味道会变得更怪，但没人会觉得奇怪。”
闻笛师父则只说了一句话：“凡事都有利弊，双月星需要变革，反正是死，不如赌一把。”
这也是所有师父共同的看法，他们都认为双月星发展到现在已经到了瓶颈期，又有智慧寄生虫族和长生会这样的组织，以及超凡者怎么都无法突破到十一级的限制，这些因素加在一起极有可能造成双月星大乱，甚至毁灭整个双月星。
而引入地球玩家，就是某些存在的尝试，祂们想挽救双月星，也想挽救地球。
这是尝试，是赌博，也是无奈之举。
师父们都分析出来，无论地球还是双月星，她们的未来必然都不太美好。
闻笛和师父们聊这些时，还特意看了看他。
那眼神就像是在说：你是另一个尝试，是变数。
王叶却觉得自己应该不是某些存在的另一个尝试，他会重生应该真的只是意外，而他会重生也不是因为某些存在的能力。如果祂们真的能做到让某个人穿越时间并重生，祂们完全可以自己去完成这个任务。
所以他就是一个意外，他能重生应该只和那把元宇宙钥匙有关。
至于说他重生后，为什么会绑定一个游戏系统，而系统发布的任务都像是在引导他“救世”？
这大概就是“协作”。
在他重生回来时，某些存在必然发现了他这个乱入者，可能更高层有谁做了协商，也可能是半强迫式的，祂们把游戏系统绑在了他身上——在没经过他同意的情况下。
因为他是变数，是乱入者，所以他需要被监控和控制，不能让他乱来。
不过元宇宙钥匙很可能比游戏系统强大得多，所以是元宇宙钥匙吞并了游戏系统，而他想要卸载游戏，就只能驱逐元宇宙钥匙。
但这把元宇宙钥匙已经和他本人融合，想分离都不可能。
“看来我现在的实力还是太太太低微。”不但钥匙大佬懒得理睬我，就连游戏系统也能不把我当回事。
王叶哼哼。
他倒不是很在意身上绑着两个“大佬”。利用而已，这世上谁不是在互相利用？
只要对彼此有用，他们就能一直合作下去。
之前王叶还觉得某些存在太过分，逼着他做事，但后来他就想开了——他和某些存在的利益是一致的，他也不希望两颗星球完蛋，希望他在意的人都能好好的。
如果他有合作者，而合作者不急不忙的时候，他也会急，也会想要推对方一把。
而且对方也起到了一定后勤作用，就像他师父们说的，凡事都有利弊，他不应该只看坏的那一面。
“我们好好合作吧，将来任务完成，希望我们能好聚好散。”这话说完，王叶只觉心神一阵轻松。
雷木在心中打出问号：小叶子一个人嘀嘀咕咕说什么呢？
很快，王叶就在前线找到陨星的带队大佬，把一百支活尸病毒中和药剂交给对方。
这位大佬也是熟人，就是他刚进校时，第一个用学分换取他血液，想要研究千木之毒的魔药学院教授尼约。
尼约教授已经认不出王叶，只觉得这少年有些眼熟。
王叶这几年长得太快，又离校好几年，尼约教授本来就和他不是特别熟悉，认不出来也正常。
直到王叶自我介绍。
尼约教授大吃一惊，又高兴道：“你是王叶？你额头的红包没有了，你看起来也非常好，不像是天赋退化的样子，你是不是解决了千木之毒？”
王叶只笑，避开这个问题，转而说道：“这是我闻笛师父研究出来的药剂，对付活尸病毒百分百有效，感染活尸病毒的人，只要还没有完全转化，服下药剂就可以恢复正常。如果是活尸，被使用这种药剂，则立刻变成真正的尸体。”
尼约教授受震惊太过，连问了好几遍这是什么药剂，连王叶是否解除了千木之毒都顾不上问了。
确定后也是满脸不可置信，更连声道：“不愧是闻笛教授。好家伙！这简直就是我这几年听到的最好消息！”
王叶也为他闻笛师父骄傲：“师父说，他会把药方无偿贡献给学校，到时候学校那边应该会组织药师大量炼制中和药剂。这一百支您先用着。”
“好的好的，闻笛大师真不愧是大师，药方说给就给。”尼约教授感叹。同时更加得意他们陨星能把闻笛从双月魔法学校给抢过来。
尤其闻笛研制出活尸病毒中和药剂的事传出去，双月魔法学校恐怕得后悔得撞墙。
双月魔法学校：我们早就撞墙很多次了，来，再撞一次给你听听。
尼约教授越想越开心。而王叶可就是把闻笛抢过来的大功臣。
“好小子！干得好。”尼约教授拍拍少年的肩膀。
王叶被夸得莫名其妙，还以为尼约教授说他送药有功。
王叶前脚离开营地，后脚就从陨星魔法学校所在的战线流传出“我校闻笛大师已经研制出专门对付活尸病毒的中和药剂，药效奇佳”的传闻。
这个传闻一出，先是战场沸腾，不知多少人跑来找陨星战线打听消息。
等王叶出于怀念的目的，特意瞬移到沼泽森林附近那个前往陨星城的传送阵时，该消息已经以最快速度传遍了整个双月星。
又是一年招生季，该传送阵入口广场到处都是人。
不过今年奇特的是，除了学生，还有很多年纪不同的超凡者，有很多人身上都带着让王叶熟悉的药香味。
王叶抬头就看到一个飘荡在半空，书写着“魔药研讨大会参会者专用传送阵”的横幅。
横幅上还画了很多药植，下面还有一个箭头，确保不认字的也不会找错方向。
而另一头则有一个“陨星魔法学校专用传送阵”的横幅。
最后一个横幅则是“本地前往陨星城传送阵”。
真是热闹啊。王叶感叹。
人太多，金宝和小云都待在虫巢里没出来，但他们能从里面看到外面的热闹景象。
“师父，你尝尝这个，好吃吗？我刚才在那边买的。”一名青年和一名头发乌黑的巫师走在一起，模样十分亲密。
对方光顾着投喂他师父，差点没注意到抬头看天空的王叶。
“抱歉。”青年拉住他师父。
他师父早就站定。
王叶也忙退后一步，同样笑道：“抱歉，没注意。”
青年也笑：“这里太热闹了，人太多了。”
“是啊，你们是去陨星城参加魔药研讨大会？”王叶嗅到了青年和他身边人身上的药味。
青年点头：“你呢？报考陨星学校？”
王叶咧嘴笑：“不，我已经是陨星学生了。有机会，陨星见，祝一切顺利。”
“也祝你一切顺利。”青年笑容特别温暖，是个很容易让人生出好感的人。但他眼里显然就只有他师父，和他师父一边说话一边走远了。
王叶猜测青年很可能是玩家，玩家和当地人的气质还是有些不一样的。
不过青年就算是玩家，应该也是老牌玩家，因为他没从对方手背虎口处看到代表蓝星群岛人的蓝星标记。
现在老玩家都会遮掩这个标记了。
无他，一来蓝星群岛人口碑不一，有人喜欢，有人就特别讨厌，带着这个标记很容易引起麻烦。
二来就是玩家喜欢认玩家，有些玩家还专门喜欢找玩家的麻烦，比如抢对方的任务、破坏对方的任务等等。
就是有些新玩家刚进游戏，为了不让别人知道他是蓝星群岛人，也会遮掩标记。
王叶笑笑。
他和烟花下的寂寞还有他师父米特已经产生因果关系，刚才看到青年和他师父，因果卷就在他面前展开，提示了他们的身份。
只看烟花对他师父笑得那么傻fufu，就知道他过得有多幸福。
王叶忽然明白烟花为什么要那么不顾一切地给他师父报仇。
“那满满的爱啊~”
“噗嗤。”虫巢里好些大小都笑了。
王叶翻了个白眼：师徒爱就不是爱了？一帮狭窄的小混蛋！
王叶为了回味当初，特意没有使用瞬移，而是打算使用传送阵传到陨星城。
他还换上了陨星的校服。
校服包括鞋子，穿上身都正好，魔法校服就是有这个好处，可以调节大小，还能一定程度保持洁净，几年不穿，拿出来也跟新的一样。
然后王叶就去陨星魔法学校专用传送阵去排队了。
传送阵行进速度很快，穿着校服的王叶几乎不用等，到了就能跟着队伍进入传送阵。
等王叶从传送阵出来，他差点没能认出这是陨星城。
他还记得七年前他来到这里时，这个传送阵出口就像是一个小型车站，出口广场有很多马车等待。
可现在小车站变成了大车站，还是豪华型。
车站里到处都是人，但忙而不乱，指路牌和工作人员在尽力分流。
从车站出来，原先就很大的广场又扩大了很多。
王叶看到了公交站点、出租车、人力车、魔兽车，还看到了流动餐饮车。
这些餐饮车全都集中在一条街上，是整个广场最热闹的地方。
广场上多了很多魔法广告牌，天空上也飘荡着各种彩旗、横幅、大气球等等。
有些一看就是地球那边的文化。
整整八年的文化入侵！
如果王叶不是刚开服两个月就进入游戏，他还以为双月星原本就是这个样。
“嗨，同学，这边！前往陨星魔法学校的免费校车，请到这边来。”有同样穿着陨星校服的学生向他招呼。
王叶不再多看，向那边快速走过去。
“好几年没回来了，陨星城变得好热闹。”王叶感叹道。
那学生抹汗：“也是赶巧了，正好魔药研讨会和新生报考期撞到一起了，所以人才会这么多。陨星城都因为人力不够，特意到学校申请人手帮忙。”
“这么说你们是接了任务过来帮忙的？”
“是啊。同学你现在回去学校也可以接到任务哟，虽然忙一点，但给的学分还不错。”该学生对王叶挤挤眼。
王叶笑。
该学生偏头看他，疑惑：“我怎么觉得你有点眼熟？我是不是见过你？同学，你叫什么名字啊？”
“你呢？”王叶反问。
“我叫耿明。”
王叶看着面前打开的因果卷，挠挠耳朵。耿明啊，那只小奶狗，要是没有因果卷的提醒，他还想不起来。
“你恢复了？很好。祝你以后也一切顺利。”王叶拍拍耿明的肩膀。
耿明呆滞：“哎？恢复？你谁啊？你认识我？”
耿明还想追问少年的身份，可一眨眼对方就不见了。
耿明糊里糊涂，他这是碰到谁了？
唉，也不知道王叶什么时候返校，他一直都想当面谢谢对方。可自从他和他哥雷木去了裂隙战场，那两人就像失踪了，不过看学校大佬们半点不着急的样子，他们应该正待在某个安全的地方继续学习？
王叶见到耿明，还想到当年少数几个他在陨星认识的朋友，比如帮他卖药剂的俞希望姐妹，但他也没有特意去找那些人。
从学校给出的反馈来看，她们的问题应该都解决了，现在不敢说是一定幸福地生活着，至少要比以前安稳。
而他既然已经很久没出现，那也没必要再去打扰他们的生活。
他的仇家可不少。
王叶来到了陨星魔法学校的大门口，抚摸那象征陨星的石柱，也是陨星的第一道保护。
大概每年都有不少出去历练后死里逃生回来的陨星学生都会干这种傻事，虽然惹得一些人侧目，但并没有人来阻止王叶。
王叶溜溜达达地走进学校。
学校里变化倒是不大，但王叶眼尖地看到了玩家学生。
时穿行两天前就收到王叶说要回来的通知，说有事跟他交代，让他不要离开学校。
结果时穿行等了又等，这都第三天了，还没看到那小兔崽子回来。
时校长想使用联络魔器，结果几次联络都没反应，把时校长气得直磨牙。
偏偏不开眼的乾明副校长还追着他问：“王叶到底什么时候回校？闻笛教授是不是也跟他一起回来？好多人来问我活尸病毒中和药剂的事，有我们学校的，也有其他势力的，问是真是假，又问我药方能不能卖，可我都不能确定这事是不是真的。”
“是真的。”时校长长腿翘到桌子上，虚虚点了点桌上放着的水晶球：“我刚才跟前线联系过了，尼约教授说王叶去了他那里一趟，给了他一百支药剂，而他已经验证过，药剂确实有效，非常有效！”
乾明副校长眼睛闪亮，握拳激动得走来走去：“太好了！这个药剂一出可解决大难题了！”
“是啊，我们陨星魔法学校也要被推到风口浪尖了。那个小兔崽子，也不知道和我们商量一下。”时校长发现也联系不上闻笛，就知道事情有点不对劲。
甚至虫老和兰道，他也联系不上。
这要是只一个联系不上还好，可三个一个都联系不上，那就绝对有问题了。
“师父，我回来了~，快开门。”时校长桌上的水晶球亮了起来。
时校长气得就骂：“你还知道回来！給我滚进来！”
校长室大门敞开。
王叶笑嘻嘻地走了进来。
时校长和乾明校长都愣了愣，随后一起笑了起来。
小家伙长大了。
再也不是瘦瘦小小的孩子模样。
瞧那身高，都快和时校长差不多高了，就是没有时校长的身材强壮。
嗯，在同龄少年中，王叶的身材还是很不错的，但比起成年人，肌肉感就差不少了。
时校长身影一闪，就从原地消失。
王叶还没开口说话，就看到向自己迎面击来的拳头。
呵！就知道校长你会来这招。
打就打！
王叶怪叫一声，不退反进。
乾明副校长迅速退到一边，后来干脆靠到窗台上，津津有味地看师徒两个在不大的校长室打斗。
该说时花海上了年岁变蠢了呢，还是见到徒弟太兴奋了？
竟然蠢到在自己的校长室里动手，他是嫌这间校长室的装修太老气了，还是觉得他这里摆设太多，想要把这个校长室都重新置换一遍？乾副校长就等着看好戏。
时校长确实有点小兴奋，他想给徒弟一点厉害瞧瞧，更想试试他的身手，看他这几年有没有把他教给他的武技拉下。
但时校长忘了一件事，他这个徒弟吧，有点无赖，尤其是打架的时候，那是完全不讲道义。
王叶随手摸到身边一个摆件，抓起来就向时校长砸过去。
时校长可是早就入圣级的顶尖大佬，能被他砸中吗。
只一闪。
咔嚓！
摆件的碎裂声响起。
时校长眼角余光瞟过，那好像是某个学校送给他的水晶雕像，是友谊的象征。
象征……碎了？！
卧槽！
“小兔崽子，不准再扔东西了，听见没有？”
王叶呲牙，抓起后面的书本就往前面扔：“师父，我能克制自己不使用魔法和我的天赋技能就算不错了，您就别要求那么多了。而且不是您说的吗，打架就要因地制宜，要能利用手边一切能利用的东西。这是什么？”
“放下我的人鱼！”
砰！好险，接住了。
一转头。
“不准动我的画像！那是魔画，价值上千魔晶，把你小兔崽子卖了……住手！”
“师父我不是有意的，真的。哇，这是什么？师父你还收集战甲，这套好帅，我先拆个肩甲给您。”
“你这个混蛋！给我住手，妈的老子今天非要打死你这个鸡儿崽子不可！”时校长被气得脏话再度狂飙。
副校长乾明呵呵笑着，抱臂看着眼前的鸡飞狗跳。
很好，他终于有王小叶回到学校的实感了。
第399章 见校长扔炸弹
师徒俩重新坐下来已经是半个小时之后。
乾明副校长看乱成一团的校长室，实在看不下去，施展了魔法“恢复如初”。
王叶龇牙咧嘴地给自己疗伤。
时校长揉着胳膊和肿胀的嘴角，明明嘴角很疼，他眼睛里却是笑着的：“不错，看样子没荒废。”
王叶哼哼。
“说吧，虫老他们呢？这几年你们是不是离开了第二关学堂去了其他地方？”时校长身体靠到宽大的椅子里。
乾明副校长见师徒俩说话没有想要避开他，也没出去，就靠坐在窗台那里。
王叶：“天天在学堂学习，大家都要学傻了，师父们就和我回了我家乡。但我家乡那边也出了一些事，在那边待了三年。约两年前，闻笛师父、兰道师父，还有疯药王发现了一条通往魔界的通道，他们就跟着魔族偷偷去了魔界，我赶到的时候通道已经关闭。”
Wang Ye: "Studying in the school every day, everyone has to learn to be stupid, so the masters went back to my hometown with me." But something happened to me back home, and I stayed there for three years. About two years ago, Master Wendi, Master Landau, and the Mad Medicine King discovered a passage to the Demon Realm, and they followed the Demon Clan to the Demon Realm secretly, and the passage was closed when I arrived. ”
两位校长一起诧异地瞪向王叶。 The two principals glared at Wang Ye in surprise.
这句话不长，但包含的信息量是不是太大了一些？ This sentence is not long, but is it too much information?
“你说疯药王？哪个疯药王？”
“他们去了魔界？” "They went to the Demon Realm?"
两位校长同时开口问出不同的问题。 The two principals asked different questions at the same time.
王叶特别淡然地道：“疯药王就是疯药王，原名余生不定，我得到了他的传承。”
Wang Ye said indifferently: "The Mad Medicine King is the Mad Medicine King, his original name is uncertain for the rest of his life, and I have obtained his inheritance." ”
王叶指指自己已经没有红包的额头：“千木之毒就是他给我的考验，如果我能把千木之毒彻底解除，我就算是出师了，现在嘛，还差最后一层。”
Wang Ye pointed to his forehead, which no longer had a red envelope: "The poison of a thousand trees is the test he gave me, if I can completely remove the poison of a thousand trees, I will be considered a teacher, now, there is still the last layer left." ”
两位校长的表情特别相像，那嘴巴张得都有点大。 The expressions of the two principals were very similar, and their mouths were a little wide open.
时校长知道王叶获得了疯药王的传承，但不知道疯药王还活着。这小子秘密真他妈多！
Principal Shi knew that Wang Ye had obtained the inheritance of the Mad Medicine King, but he didn't know that the Mad Medicine King was still alive. This kid has a lot of secrets!
“疯药王的灵魂还在？”半天，乾明副校长才找回自己的嗓音。
"The soul of the Mad Medicine King is still there?" After a long time, Vice Principal Qianming found his voice.
王叶微笑：“他在我的帮助下，转修亡灵了。” Wang Ye smiled: "With my help, he has changed to the undead." ”
乾明副校长：“呵呵。” Vice Principal Qianming: "Hehe. ”
时校长用力揉揉脸，“虫老和闻笛他们都知道这件事？”
Principal Shi rubbed his face vigorously, "Worm Lao and Wendi both know about this?" ”
王叶吊儿郎当地道：“现在你们也知道了。” Wang Ye said locally: "Now you also know. ”
时校长真的好想打死这个徒弟——因为他是最后一个知道的！怒。
Principal Shi really wanted to kill this apprentice - because he was the last one to know! Anger.
乾明副校长恍然：“所以你在入学前就已经遇到疯药王，得到了他的传承？”
Vice Principal Qianming suddenly said: "So you have already met the Mad Medicine King before entering the school and obtained his inheritance?" ”
“嗯，他发现我天资不凡卓尔不群千年难见万年难寻，就死缠着我非要我做他徒弟，我不愿意，他就对我下了千木之毒。”
"Well, he found out that I was extraordinary, outstanding, difficult to see for thousands of years, and difficult to find for thousands of years, so he pestered me to insist that I be his apprentice, and I didn't want to, so he poisoned me with a thousand trees."
两位校长：“……”这是谁，能当垃圾扔出去吗？ Two principals: "......" Who is this, can you throw it out as garbage?
时校长：自己选的徒弟，还能怎么办，生受着吧。 Principal Shi: What else can you do with the apprentice you choose, let's bear it.
乾副校长：自家的宝贝疙瘩，骄傲就骄傲一点吧，谁让他有那个资本呢。
Vice Principal Qian: Your own baby bump, be proud, who let him have that capital.
乾副校长告诉自己不要笑，也不要太骄傲。 Vice President Qian told himself not to laugh and not to be too proud.
哈哈哈！他还是想要大笑三声。谁能想到他们学校的学生早早就得到了疯药王的传承，四舍五入，疯药王就也是他们学校的。
Hahaha! He still wanted to laugh three times. Who would have thought that the students of their school had obtained the inheritance of the Mad Medicine King early, and rounding it up, the Mad Medicine King would also be their school.
哎呀，这事好想说出去跟其他校长炫耀炫耀。 Gee, I want to talk about this and show off to the other principals.
所以说真不是他偏心啊，自从王小叶进入学校，做出了多少能让他跟其他学校炫耀的事？
So it's really not that he's partial, since Wang Xiaoye entered the school, how many things have he done that can make him show off with other schools?
就是他不在学校期间，学校也一直都有他的传说。 Even when he was not in school, the school has always had his legend.
近一千七百年，裂隙战场那边送去了多少天才学生，可有谁像他们学校的王小叶一样，竟然把偌大的战场给折腾没了。
In the past 1,700 years, how many talented students have been sent to the rift battlefield, but who is like Wang Xiaoye of their school, who has tossed the huge battlefield away.
当然，表面上看好像王叶没有做多少事，实际上所有大事背后都有他的痕迹。
Of course, on the surface, it seems that Wang Ye has not done much, but in fact, there are traces of him behind all major events.
可惜这些事都不能对外说，不过该知道的人还是知道。 It's a pity that none of these things can be said to the outside world, but those who should know still know.
因为王叶，他们陨星在整个双月星的话语权都高了不少。
Because of Wang Ye, their meteorite star has a much higher voice in the entire Double Moon Star.
裂隙战场关门，不说原出身陨星的大佬们很多都回到了陨星，一些原本不是陨星的大佬也在和陨星接洽，据说是因为他们觉得陨星的教学质量和收学生的质量都很高。
The rift battlefield is closed, not to mention that many of the bigwigs who were originally from Meteorite have returned to Meteorite, and some bigwigs who were not originally Meteorite are also in contact with Meteorite, it is said that they feel that the quality of Meteorite's teaching and the quality of accepting students are very high.
有了好名声，又有了更强的师资力量，陨星这几年的报考生也是一年比一年多。
With a good reputation and a stronger faculty, Meteorite has been applying for more and more candidates in recent years.
而精灵族因为木系精灵的回归——据说木系精灵回归也和王叶有莫大关系，他们学校和精灵族的关系更好更紧密，现在他们学校都已经有好几位精灵教授和几十名精灵学生。
And the elves because of the return of the wood elves - it is said that the return of the wood elves also has a lot to do with Wang Ye, their school has a better and closer relationship with the elf clan, and now there are several elf professors and dozens of elf students in their school.
乾明副校长一直都在痛并快乐着。 Vice Principal Qianming has been in pain and happiness all the time.
“疯药王的事先放一边，你先说说那个魔界通道的事。”时校长头疼片刻，还是决定先说正事。
"The Mad Medicine King's aside, you can talk about the Demon Realm passage first." Principal Shi had a headache for a moment, but decided to get down to business first.
王叶撇撇嘴：“没什么好说的，就是三位师父一时冲动，看到有魔族打开通道，判断对面极有可能就是魔界，就哧溜跑过去了，急急忙忙的，就给我留了一段话。”
Wang Ye pouted: "There's nothing to say, it's just that the three masters were impulsive, and when they saw that a demon clan opened the passage, they judged that the opposite side was very likely to be the demon realm, so they ran over, and hurriedly left me a message." ”
王叶到现在都很生气。 Wang Ye is very angry now.
时校长用战气弹他脑门：“那通道还在吗？还能打开吗？”
Principal Shi flicked his head with war anger: "Is the passage still there?" Can it still be opened? ”
“校长你也想去魔界？”王叶揉揉脑门，没好气地道：“那条路暂时不通，至少短时间内不会再打开，下次再打开，应该就是魔族侵略我家乡的时候。”
"Headmaster, you also want to go to the Demon Realm?" Wang Ye rubbed his head and said angrily: "That road is not open for the time being, at least it will not be opened again in a short time, and the next time it is opened, it should be when the demon clan invades my hometown." ”
乾副校长立刻道：“如果有需要，就跟学校说，我们可以在学校发布任务，让大家自愿过去作战。你也不用觉得这是特殊对待，学校学生包括他的家乡和家族如果遇到困难，在学校审核后，只要条件符合，都会在学校发布救援任务，教授和学生都能接任务。”
Vice Principal Qian immediately said: "If there is a need, just tell the school, we can issue a mission in the school, and let everyone volunteer to go over and fight." You don't have to think that this is a special treatment, if the school student, including his hometown and family, encounters difficulties, after the school review, as long as the conditions are met, a rescue mission will be issued in the school, and professors and students can take the task. ”
乾副校长这话就差没明白着告诉王叶：你家乡出事，我们学校的老怪物都可以过去帮忙。
Vice Principal Qian almost didn't understand what he said and told Wang Ye: If something happens in your hometown, the old monsters of our school can go over to help.
王叶感激，也没把话说死。 Wang Ye was grateful, and he didn't say anything to death.
时校长抬手搓了搓下巴，他承认他对去魔界有点动心。毕竟他也在十级停留太长时间。
Principal Shi raised his hand and rubbed his chin, he admitted that he was a little tempted to go to the Demon Realm. After all, he had also stayed at level ten for too long.
十级被称为圣级，叫起来好听，实际上他们所有人都知道十级之上还有更高层次，只是他们无法突破那层屏障而已。
The tenth level is called the holy level, which sounds good, in fact, all of them know that there is a higher level above the tenth level, but they can't break through that barrier.
“对了，虫老呢？你之前是不是只提到闻笛、兰道和疯药王去了魔界？”时校长想起重点。
"By the way, what about the worm old? Did you only mention that Wendi, Landau, and the Mad Medicine King went to the Demon Realm before? Principal Shi remembered the point.
王叶难受地道：“老头也不见了，他是碰触到我家乡一个远古传送阵，被传送到了星星上。那是一个单向传送阵，老头又不会魔法阵，我不去接他，他大概要在那颗星星里待一段时间。可我目前实力还不够，不能马上去找他。”
Wang Ye said uncomfortably: "The old man is also gone, he touched an ancient teleportation array in my hometown and was teleported to the stars. It's a one-way teleportation array, and the old man doesn't know how to magic the array, so I'm not going to pick him up, he's probably going to stay in that star for a while. But I don't have enough strength at the moment to go to him right away. ”
木星内情况不明，他就算有虫巢，也不是无敌，所以他必须要让自己至少突破到十级再去木星找虫老，如果能突破到十一级更好。否则他就不是去帮忙虫老，而是给老头添乱的。
The situation in Jupiter is unknown, even if he has a hive, he is not invincible, so he must let himself break through to at least level ten and then go to Jupiter to find the worm elder, if he can break through to level eleven, it is better. Otherwise, he would not have gone to help the old man, but to make trouble for the old man.
说不定因为他的莽撞行为，那些回归者提早往地球跑，陨石也提早跟着一起过来，那他的罪过就大了。
Maybe because of his reckless behavior, those returnees ran to Earth early, and the meteorite also came with him early, then his sin would be great.
另外他还想知道为什么回归者回来时，会带着陨石一起回来。如果他有实力提前解决这个问题，那最好。
He also wondered why the returnees would come back with the meteorite when they returned. If he has the strength to solve this problem in advance, it will be better.
没想到，时校长听了这话，竟然夸奖他：“不错，还知道要慎重行事。你昆师父实力强大，就算被传送到陌生地方，他的求生能力也不会比你弱。你也不用太担心他。”
Unexpectedly, when Principal Shi heard this, he praised him: "Yes, I also know how to act cautiously." Your Master Kun is strong, even if he is teleported to a strange place, his survival ability will not be weaker than yours. You don't have to worry too much about him. ”
王叶怎么可能不担心。 How could Wang Ye not be worried.
时校长看王叶这样，心里宽慰，这小东西虽然邪性了点，但心里有师父，对学校也有感情，是个重情的。
Principal Shi saw Wang Ye like this, and felt relieved, although this little thing is a little evil, but he has a master in his heart, and he also has feelings for the school, and he is a heavy affection.
“不过你家乡是怎么回事？怎么又有魔界通道，又能被传送到星星上，等等，星星？”时校长终于发现不对劲。
"But what's going on in your hometown? How can there be a Demon Realm Passage, and it can be teleported to the stars, wait, stars? Principal Shi finally realized that something was wrong.
“这个星星是我理解的那个星星吗？”时校长指了指天空。
"Is this the star I understand it?" Principal Shi pointed to the sky.
王叶点头。 Wang Ye nodded.
时校长简直想立刻起身走出去看看头顶都有哪些星星，不过现在是白天，就不干这傻事了。
Principal Shi almost wanted to get up and walk out immediately to see what stars were above his head, but it was daytime, so he wouldn't do such a stupid thing.
乾明副校长忍不住了：“是哪颗星星？” Vice Principal Qianming couldn't help it: "Which star is it?" ”
“这里看不到，要到我家乡秘境里才能看到，在我们那儿，那星星叫木星。”王叶回答。
"I can't see it here, I can't see it until I see it in my hometown, where the star is Jupiter." Wang Ye replied.
时校长不敲徒弟，改敲自己脑门了，他现在终于意识到一个问题，他们学校这是一下子少了三位教授？
Principal Shi didn't knock on the apprentice, but knocked on his own head, and now he finally realized a problem, their school is missing three professors all of a sudden?
还都是赫赫有名的三位。 They are all three of them.
幸好他们学校这几年又有新的大佬教授进来补充，否则……
Fortunately, their school has a new bigwig professor in the past few years to add it, otherwise......
否则好像也没啥？ Otherwise, it doesn't seem like anything?
虫老一直待在后山，就收了王叶这么一个徒弟。 The worm old has been staying in the back mountain, so he accepted Wang Ye as an apprentice.
兰道一直待在魔画里，要不是王叶都不能出来，出来后虽然带班教卷轴，但后来也是跟着徒弟跑——美其名曰去进修了。
Lan Dao has been staying in the magic painting, if it weren't for Wang Ye, he wouldn't have been able to come out, although he led the class to teach the scroll after he came out, but later he also ran with his apprentice - in the name of it, he went to study.
闻笛就更不用说了，他还没开课呢，名义上也只有王叶一个弟子，后来也跟着去进修了。
Not to mention Wen Di, he hasn't started the class yet, and nominally there is only one disciple of Wang Ye, and later he also went to study.
他也想去进修，不过他要是也走了，乾明恐怕真的要哭出来，学校那些老怪物也不会同意放他离开，唉！
He also wants to go to further study, but if he also leaves, Qianming is afraid that he will really cry, and those old monsters in the school will not agree to let him go, alas!
所以只要不把三位教授失踪的事说出去，似乎和以前也没什么区别？
So as long as you don't tell about the disappearance of the three professors, it doesn't seem to be any different from before?
而那三位如果能在魔界和那木星里有所突破，等他们回来之际，他们学校可就赚大了。
And if those three can make a breakthrough in the Demon Realm and Jupiter, when they come back, their school will make a lot of money.
时校长想明白这点后，头不疼了，如果不是他现在走不掉，他也想跟着徒弟出门进修。
After Principal Shi figured this out, his head didn't hurt anymore, if it weren't for the fact that he couldn't leave now, he would also want to follow his apprentice out to study.
他已经发现，跟着这个徒弟，那是真奇遇多！ He had already discovered that following this apprentice, it was really a lot of adventure!
不管危险不危险吧，至少那是机遇。对于他们来说，普通机遇已经没用，想要突破就得走别人没有走过的路。而他们的徒弟显然能提供这个遇到特殊机遇的机会。
Whether it's dangerous or not, at least it's an opportunity. For them, ordinary opportunities are useless, and if they want to break through, they have to take the road that others have not taken. And their apprentices can obviously provide this opportunity to encounter a special opportunity.
王叶就觉得时校长看他的眼神怪怪的，他迅速把活尸病毒中和药剂的配方拿出来，说是闻笛交代的，要交给学校。
Wang Ye felt that Principal Shi looked at him strangely, and he quickly took out the formula of the neutralizing potion of the living corpse virus, saying that it was Wen Di and wanted to hand it over to the school.
两位校长注意力被转移。 The two principals were distracted.
乾明副校长特别高兴，这张药方真的太宝贵了。 Vice Principal Qianming was very happy, this prescription was really too precious.
虽然以后这张药方有可能会公开，但在前期，这张药方就不知能给陨星换来多少好处。
Although this prescription may be made public in the future, in the early stage, I don't know how much benefit this prescription can bring to the meteorite.
感谢闻笛！感谢双月魔法学校愿意放闻笛离开！更感谢小叶子把这样牛掰的闻笛给抢了过来，哈哈哈！
Thanks Wendi! Thank you to the Twin Moon School of Magic for being willing to let Wen Di go! Thank you even more Xiao Yezi for snatching such a bull-breaking flute, hahaha!
乾明副校长还是忍不住笑了出来，超大方地说：“小叶子，虽然是你闻笛师父拿出来的药方，但你能送回来也是莫大功劳，说说看，你有什么想要的吗？只要学校有，我就给你去找来。”
Vice Principal Qianming couldn't help laughing, and said generously: "Xiao Yezi, although it is the prescription that you Wendi Master took out, it is also a great credit for you to send it back, tell me, do you have anything you want?" As long as the school has it, I'll find it for you. ”
乾明副校长想得很清楚：留住王叶的心，那就是留住了闻笛的心，也是留住了几位大佬的心。更何况他们校长也是王叶的师父，他小气谁也不可能小气王叶啊。
Vice President Qianming thought very clearly: to keep Wang Ye's heart is to keep Wendi's heart, and also to keep the hearts of several bigwigs. What's more, their principal is also Wang Ye's master, and no one can be stingy with Wang Ye if he is stingy.
时校长果然没有任何反应。老乾给他徒弟捞好处，他傻了才会出言阻止——他作为王叶的师父，有些奖赏反而不好随便给，但乾明就不一样了嘛。
Principal Shi really didn't react. Lao Qian gave his apprentice benefits, and he would only speak out to stop him if he was stupid - as Wang Ye's master, some rewards were not easy to give casually, but Qianming was different.
王叶笑得眼睛都眯了：“奖励什么的，学校看着给呗。”
Wang Ye's eyes narrowed with a smile: "Reward or something, the school will look at it." ”
两位校长：狡猾的小东西！ Two Headmasters: Cunning little thing!
时校长：“你这次回来能待多久？如果能待一段时间，那就先跟着我。”
Principal Shi: "How long can you stay when you come back this time?" If you can stay for a while, then follow me first. ”
王叶点头：“好。” Wang Ye nodded: "Okay." ”
他原本就是这个计划。 That's what he originally planned.
“另外，我打算趁这段时间考个级。” "In addition, I plan to take advantage of this time to take the exam."
“这没问题。你要报告哪个专业哪个等级，我直接给你报名。”乾明副校长爽快地道。
"That's fine. If you want to report which major and which level, I will sign you up directly. Vice Principal Qianming said cheerfully.
以前王叶还要遮掩实力，现在就完全不用了。 In the past, Wang Ye had to hide his strength, but now he doesn't need it at all.
王叶眨眨眼：“魔法阵从第一级开始考，炼药从第四级开始，培植从第五级开始，炼金、卷轴、驭虫就从第六级开始考。”
Wang Ye blinked: "The magic array starts from the first level, the alchemy starts from the fourth level, the cultivation starts from the fifth level, and the alchemy, scroll, and insect control start from the sixth level." ”
两位校长：“……” Two Principals: "......"
乾明副校长干咳一声：“你说你要考哪些？” Vice Principal Qianming coughed dryly: "What do you say you want to test?" ”
王叶耐心地又报了一遍。 Wang Ye patiently reported again.
乾副校长哪可能记不住，他只是太惊讶了：“这些你都要考？”
How could Vice Principal Qian not remember, he was just too surprised: "You have to take all these exams?" ”
“是。” "Yes."
乾副校长迟疑片刻，说道：“其实如果你实力够了，学校可以帮你通融，让你直接跳过低级，考中高级。”
Vice Principal Qian hesitated for a moment and said, "Actually, if your strength is enough, the school can help you be accommodating, allowing you to skip the lower level directly and take the middle and senior exams." ”
王叶连忙摇头：“不不不，我就要一级级往上考。” Wang Ye hurriedly shook his head: "No, no, no, I'm going to take the exam one level higher." ”
“你不觉得麻烦？” "Don't you think it's troublesome?"
“不麻烦！我要遵守规则嘛，怎么好让学校在这种小事上为我开后门。”
"No trouble! I have to follow the rules, how can I get the school to open the back door for me in such a trivial matter. ”
开玩笑，他每考一级都有经验值可拿，他傻了才会越级考。
Just kidding, he has experience points to take every level of the test, and he will skip the test if he is stupid.
乾副校长无语：“你不嫌麻烦就好，不过这样一级级往上考，会比较花时间。”
Vice Principal Qian was speechless: "It's good if you don't think it's troublesome, but it will take more time to take the exam at this level." ”
“没事，不考级的时候我就跟着校长学武。”王叶都安排好了。
"It's okay, when I don't take the exam, I'll learn martial arts from the principal." Wang Ye has all been arranged.
“行了，你赶紧去安排吧，还有药剂的事也赶紧，前线还在等着。”时校长挥挥手，让乾明赶紧去办事。
"Okay, you hurry up and arrange it, and the matter of the potion is also hurry, the front line is still waiting." Principal Shi waved his hand and asked Qianming to hurry up and do something.
乾明知道自家校长什么德性，根本就懒得跟他生气，拿着药方就离开了。
Qianming knew what virtue his principal had, so he didn't bother to be angry with him at all, so he took the prescription and left.
校长室只剩下师徒两个。 There are only two masters and apprentices left in the principal's office.
时校长冲着徒弟阴笑，独臂手指捏得咔吧响，这个徒弟终于落到他手里了，而且王叶现在的年龄和身体条件也刚刚好，他一定要尽全力把这个好徒弟给调教出来，桀桀桀！
Principal Shi smiled at the apprentice, and his one-armed fingers clicked, this apprentice finally fell into his hands, and Wang Ye's current age and physical condition are just right, he must do his best to train this good apprentice!
王叶：我感到了杀气。 Wang Ye: I felt murderous.
“师父，你想要断肢重生吗？” "Master, do you want to be reborn with a severed limb?"
“……你刚刚说什么？” “…… What did you just say? ”
第400章 疯狂升级 Chapter 400: Crazy Escalation
双月星虽然是术法世界，更有各种牛掰药剂，但断肢重生就跟复活一样，不是不可以，却有种种限制。
Although the Twin Moon Star is a world of magic, and there are all kinds of ox breaking potions, but the rebirth of a severed limb is the same as resurrection, it is not impossible, but there are various restrictions.
最简单的方法就是移植，把其他人或魔兽的肢体移植到自己身上。
The easiest way to do this is to transplant the limbs of other people or monsters into yourself.
移植得好，甚至能得到被移植者的部分能力。 If the transplant is good, you can even get some of the abilities of the transplanted person.
但最好的移植术在知识之城倾覆后就失传了，之后虽然也有移植术流传，但移植效果总不如传说中那么好。
But the best transplants were lost after the fall of the City of Knowledge, and although there were also transplants circulating, the results were not as good as the legend suggests.
别说得到被移植者的能力，能不出现排斥反应就算侥天之幸。
Not to mention the ability to get the transplanted person, it is lucky to be able to avoid rejection.
像是时穿行这种级别的大佬，如果不是因为某些特殊原因，他们宁可保持残疾状态。而只要他们能掌握残疾后的身体，他们的实力也不会下降太多，反而是在自己身上施展移植术，更像是画蛇添足。
For example, if it weren't for some special reason, they would rather remain disabled. And as long as they can master the disabled body, their strength will not drop too much, but they will perform transplantation on themselves, which is more like painting a snake.
其实在很久以前，双月星也有断肢重生的药剂，但同样是因为知识之城倾覆的缘故，很多配方都失传了。
更不要说木精灵早早消失，市面上能炼制断肢重生药剂的高端药材越来越少，甚至炼制手法都失传。
到最后，几种原因累加，断肢重生药剂就只剩其名，而再也没有人能够炼制。
闻笛因为出身知识之城，他有完整的药方，但巧妇难为无米之炊，光有药方没有药材也没用。
时校长见到闻笛后没问半点治疗断臂的相关事情，就是为了不想再打击自己，而且他已经习惯了独臂。
今天王叶突然问他想不想要断肢重生，时校长承认他当时确实大大动摇了。
如果是别人说，他还当别人只是说个可能，比如让他自己去找药方药材之类，或者提出特别难的条件做交换。
但现在询问他的是他的弟子，是他们学校的宝贝疙瘩，是在某些方面有着绝佳声誉的天才少年，这少年还有着闻笛和疯药王两位超级药学大佬师父，他问这话不可能是信口开河也绝不可能是想到了忽然一提。
时校长甚至没问王叶是不是在逗他，在得到又一次的确切答复后，他就非常干脆地道：“当然想！”
“那您再等几天，等我炼药等级达到十级，差不多就能给您炼制断肢重生药剂了。”王叶笑嘻嘻地说道。
时校长微微失望，但也没有太失望：“等你炼药达到十级，我还得等多久？而且你就算有药方，药材有吗？”
王叶下意识瞅了瞅自家虫巢里那漫山遍野长得特别好的柳红果灌木，他还真不缺药材。
这柳红果因为能当味精，且比味精还鲜，家里老小都特别喜欢这种植物，小云一口气种了好多。
然后雷木生命能量爆发，他在地球又吸收了大量苏醒期能量，现在还在消化琉光卵的能量，导致虫巢里的植物长得特别好，尤其柳红果都长得跟野草差不多了。
“药材足够。不过学校如果能支援一些辅药，那最好。”
时校长嗤笑一声：“你回校后是不是还没有看你的学生账户？”
王叶一愣，取下学生胸章，查看自己的学生账户。
当看到自己的学分余额时，王叶吓了一跳。
“师父，我虽然很高兴您给我走后门，但是一下给这么多是不是不太好？要是让人知道了，让人说您偏心多不好，要么我给您退回一点？”七万多学分啊，给的真的太多了。
“滚蛋吧！瞧你笑的德性，我要真让你退回来，你愿意？”时校长大长腿翘到桌子上，跟个土匪恶霸似地斜睨徒弟。
王叶也坐没坐相，呵呵笑，不回答。
时校长笑骂，“行了，这不是给你开后门，这是你应得的学分奖励。是你在裂隙战场做的那些事情，学校商量后决定奖励给你的，你没看转账时间吗？另外，你这次带回活尸病毒中和药剂，乾明那边应该也会再给你奖励一笔学分。有这些学分，只要学校仓库有货，你想买什么不行？没货也能出去给你找。”
王叶眼睛亮了。学校真好啊~
但转而王叶就又转起了眼珠：“师父，学校给我的这些是我应得的奖励，但我给你炼制药剂，这辅药是不是该您出？”
But then Wang Ye rolled his eyes again: "Master, these things that the school gave me are the rewards I deserve, but I gave you the refining medicine, should you give this auxiliary medicine?" ”
时校长：“……”话没错，但为什么听来这么想揍死这个小混蛋？
Principal Shi: "......" is true, but why does it sound like you want to beat this little bastard to death so much?
“你就不能主动孝敬？”时校长憋不住道。 "Can't you take the initiative to be filial?" Principal Shi couldn't hold back.
王叶立刻理直气壮地道：“我穷！”
时校长一气之下，把徒弟拎到后山教训去了。反正他徒弟想要达到炼药十级还早着呢——时校长认为。先趁他小，多揍揍他。
接下来王叶过了一段每日锻炼（挨打）学习，隔几天就考个级的平静又普通的日子。
对他来说这段时间是真平静和普通，但对外人就完全不是这么回事了。
一开始，学校众师生，除了极个别人，都不知道那个王叶回校的消息。
直到半个月后，有人在学校的告示栏发现了年末最新的专业等级考资格者名单。
“这个人是不是有毛病啊？”一名魔法阵学校的学生看着告示栏嘀咕。
“怎么了？”他的朋友凑过来看，“你这次二级考过了吗？”
“我当然考过了。我说的是这个家伙，你们看，魔法阵一级，王叶。魔法阵二级，王叶，魔法阵三级……一直到六级，都有这个人的名字！”
“呃，会不会是这人从第一级一口气考到了六级？”
“怎么可能？！他身体吃得消，大脑也吃不消啊。而且只要学校教授认可他的能力，是可以打申请让他越级考试的，他为什么非要这样一级级考？”
“显摆他的能力？”
告示栏前围的学生越来越多，很多人都是来膜拜新的魔法阵六级大佬。
同时看看是谁这么爱炫，竟然一口气从第一级考到第六级。
看告示栏名单的学生多了，终于又有学生发现了新的盲点。
“我咋觉得这期专业考，我们学校同名的人那么多？”这位不止看了魔法阵专业考级的榜单，也看到了其他专业考拿到资格的学生名单。
“同名，谁？”
“就是这位从魔法阵一级一口气考到六级的魔法阵新晋大佬，王叶。你们看这边，炼药四级到六级，王叶。培植五级到六级，王叶。”
“哇！我们学校竟然出现这么多六级大佬？”
“喂，这是重点吗？重点难道不是三个专业的人都是同一个名字吗？”
“是有点奇怪。等等，这名字我怎么听着有点耳熟？”
“王叶？啊啊啊！我知道他是谁了。他就是雷叶啊，雷木的弟弟，当年中了千木之毒大家都以为他要废掉结果在各校大比横扫各专业第一的超级天才啊~！他和他哥雷木还是银月帝国的继承人！”说话的人都要跳起来了。
“不会吧，他不是叫雷叶吗？”
“人家隐姓埋名，名字想叫什么叫什么，不过他确实也叫王叶，我听教授们这么叫过他。”
“三个专业一起考，除了那个王叶也没有其他人了吧？虽然天才年年有，但各专业都精通的真没几个。”
“这么说那个王叶从裂隙战场回来了？不是说他消失在能量旋风带的秘境里了吗？”
“应该就是他回来了。你们忘了那个活尸病毒中和药剂吗，闻笛教授可是王叶的师父，教授回来，王叶九成也回来啦。”
“不过……”
“不过什么？”
“你们有没有觉得奇怪，如果这个王叶真的是那个王叶。他六年前就已经各专业平均四级甚至五级了，魔法阵的水平据说当时也不低于三级。怎么相隔六年，他的等级只涨了这么一点？”
“对哦，如果他有那个实力的话，不应该是越级考吗？”
“这个王叶到底是不是那个天才小叶子？”
“不知道，大家要么再看看？”
有人小声道：“五六年升一级不是很正常的吗？有些人一辈子都卡在某个级别，一直都升不上去的才是大多数吧？”
其他人也反应过来了：“也是啊，小叶子再天才，他要学那么多专业，不可能升级那么快的，如果六年下来，他每个专业都能再升一级，那已经很碉堡了。更何况魔法阵六级啊！”
“我们学校有哪个在校生能考出六级的魔法阵资格？谁能？更何况他炼药和培植都是六级！三个专业六级，就问你们谁能做到？”
这话一问，所有人都哑巴了，包括魔法阵学校的学生。
逐渐的，学校学生都认为这个王叶就是当年那个王叶。
而留意告示栏专业考级结果的人也越来越多。
又五天后，另外几门专业考也结束了。
突然有尖叫从告示栏边上响起。
“怎么回事？发生了什么事？”
“好像是新的专业等级考试过关者名单出来了。”
“哦，太高兴了吧。”
半分钟后。
“啊啊啊，那个王叶不得了了，他的魔厨、炼金、卷轴和驭虫也都拿到了六级资格！六级！这次是四个六级！”
学校学生都疯了。
在校生能考出一个专业六级资格已经很天才了。
毕竟专业六级都能在学校当助教了。
可王叶竟然在一个月内一口气考出了七门六级！
现在就是教授们都坐不住了，全校每个角落几乎都在谈论王叶。
不少教授还跑去问校长和副校长，问王叶以后到底进哪个学院。
这事甚至传到了校外。
一个六级真没什么了不起，但七专业全六级，据说拿到这个可怕成绩的人还是一名十六岁的少年，那就不得不让世人震惊了。
王叶压根没管外面的纷纷扰扰，他一个劲看着自己上涨的经验值，笑得合不拢嘴。
魔法阵和魔厨，他都是从头开始考的。一级一千点，二级五千点，三级一万点，四级五万点，五级十万点，六级五十万点。一共获得1332000点经验值。
炼药，从四级到六级，获得65万点。
培植，五级到六级，获得60万点。
炼金、卷轴和驭虫都考六级，一共150万点。
把七科考级获得的经验值全部加起来，就是4082000点。
凤仙镇那几个任务完成后，他就升到了九十一级，现在嘛……
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到17543199点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到九十三级。】
这美好的声音！
王叶陶醉。
现在他还只是考到六级，接下来还有七级到十级。
这四个级别才是赚经验值的大头。
但别看系统给专业考试的经验值多，那是因为在双月星靠考级来赚经验值非常困难。
尤其玩家们大多更喜欢有杀伤力或有特别能力的技能，他们的时间也大多都花在学习技能和享受游戏上。就是喜欢威力强大的魔器和效果良好的药剂，他们也宁可购买或抢夺，让他们自己制作，真没多少人能耐下心来。
因为这可不是普通网游，点击就能学会，配齐材料就能一定炼制成功。这可是全息，是真实，学任何知识和技能，都要先背下来，然后理解，最后还要看动手能力等。
所以玩家们虽然也有学习炼药、炼金、卷轴和魔厨之类的专业，但能坚持下来的真不多，能把一个专业学到高阶的就很不容易，更不要说精通多门。
所以说利用考级来赚大量经验值的方法，目前也就只有王叶能用。
翻年，二月初的时候，这是陨星魔法学校所有学生一年中最轻松的一个月。
陨星城各大公会主持的高等级专业考报名也开始了。
学校这边配合各大公会安排的考试最高到六级，一般从七级开始就视为跨入了高级的门槛。
但七级以上都需要到各大公会去考级。
王叶作为陨星的学生，还是有很多便利的，比如学校会帮他统一报名，并会按时把他送到指定的考试地点。
而这次参加各专业考试的人，除了个别学生，就都是助教，还有教授。
有学校帮助统筹安排，王叶考试当然不可能碰到同一天要考好几门这样的奇葩事。
他所有专业等级考试都错开了，甚至各大公会都没有给出具体的考试时间，只要王叶上门就能考试。
这也不是给王叶的特殊照顾，而是报名专业高阶考试的超凡者本来就不多。
从每年的二月份开始到六月，都是考试期，只要拿到相应的专业等级证明，办好考试手续，就能来考下一级。
但有学校帮忙，王叶不用每考完一级，就必须等上一年——这是高阶考级的不成文规矩，他可以考完一级再接着考。
王叶第一个进的陨星城魔厨公会。
两天后，魔厨公会门口的魔法告示板上公布了最新的考级通过者名单。
“七级，王叶。八级，王叶。九级，也是王叶？这个人连续考了三个等级？不是说要隔一年才能考下一级吗？”这人的关注点显然和别人不一样。
旁边听到这话的人立刻怼道：“那只是一个说法，因为没有多少人能在一年内就让自己新晋一级，公会为了不让大家浪费报名费，才特地出台了这么一个规则，但从没有明着写出来。”
“就是，人家有能力，为什么不让人家考？而且人家还没越级考，是认认真真一个级别一个级别考下来的，这种的才是真实力雄厚，想作假、想说他侥幸都不可能。”
“诸位，你们关注的重点是不是错了？这可是九级啊，咱们魔厨又出了九级大佬啊！”
“啊！才反应过来！新九级魔厨大佬出世！求拜师！”
“王叶是谁？以前怎么从没听说过？我们魔厨界有这么一个人吗？”
恰好经过此处的一名陨星学校学生：这个名字我好像有些熟悉，就是不知道是不是我知道的那个人。
这时王叶的名字还只是在魔厨嘴中谈论，学校也有了一些关于王叶魔厨一路考到九级的传闻。
有学生还特地跑去魔厨公会门口去看宣告栏，然后晕晕乎乎地回来。
真的是王叶？应该不是同名同姓吧？
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到33543199点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到九十六级。】
又两天后，培植公会门口的告示栏围了一堆人。
这堆人口中提到最多的就是王叶这个名字。
九级的新晋培植大师出现了。
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到49543199点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到九十八级。】
紧接着三天后，王叶从卷轴公会出来。
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到65543199点，满足升级条件，游戏等级升到九十九级。】
【注意！恭喜玩家隔壁小王已经达到满级，接下来有更多丰富玩法正在等待您。双月星，您真实的第二个世界，请珍惜您的机会，扎扎实实地学习和感受这里的生活。九十九级不是结束，而是开始。】
王叶上辈子也看到了同样的提示，但当时他并没有想太多，以为这只是游戏商要开始赚钱的套路。
因为九十九级确实只是高玩玩家们的起点，对他们来说到达九十九级相当于是把大家都拉到了同一条起跑线上，接下来就要拼装备、拼技能、拼头脑、拼兄弟、拼后台实力了。
所以等级是停止了，但实力并没有在九十九级停止，他们的血条和蓝条仍旧在涨。
突然又有一条信息在王叶大脑中冒出。
【恭喜玩家，《极度危险》游戏第一阶段升级完成，即将进入第二阶段，百级冲刺。请玩家努力做任务，尽早让经验值突破一亿点。第一个突破亿经验值的玩家，将会带领全部玩家进入新的纪元。】
王叶精神来了。
这可是上辈子没有出现过的提示。
也许是上辈子的玩家想要赚到一亿点经验值太难？
毕竟想要达到九十九级就得花费近五千五百万经验值。
但说难也不是完全把路堵死，因为专业等级考奖励中，只要拿到任何一门的十级资格，就能得到五千万的经验值奖励。
王叶推测，在他死后，如果慢慢积累，总有一天会有玩家突破一亿经验值，只不过来不及了，地球在那之后也出了问题，玩家退出，根本就没有让游戏进行第二阶段的机会。
不过为什么上辈子他达到九十九级后，就没有这样的提示出现？
是因为这辈子他学习了多门专业知识，系统已经判断出他只要顺利考下去，就能在短时间内突破上亿点经验值吗？
想要知道突破一亿点经验值后会发生什么事，那就继续往下考好了。
接下来，几乎平均每两到三天，最长间隔五天，炼金、炼药、魔法阵和驭虫，王叶都去考了一遍。
除了炼金，王叶只考到八级，其他三门他全都拿到了九级资格。
而这会儿，不说双月星这边的反应，只地球游戏论坛那边就又炸开了锅。
为啥？
因为隔壁小王的真实身份早就被先知者1999暴露出来，虽然最后国家出面把所有相关消息都删除了，但游戏论坛上的可没有，而且该保存的都保存了下来。
所以，几乎上游戏的七成以上的华夏人都知道，隔壁小王的真实姓名就叫王叶，而且直到今年才十六岁！
第401章 一百级
陨星魔法学校和陨星城现在可都有不少玩家。
也就是说陨星城现在引起轰动的考级达人王叶同样也引起了玩家注意。
王叶，疑似当年陨星魔法学校的天才小叶子。
隔壁小王真名叫王叶，也就等于隔壁小王就是那个小叶子！
“啊啊啊！小叶子啊，我心目中永远的女神，哪怕她还小。”
“不，他是男的。”
“我永远记得小叶子的包包头和留海，多可爱啊，哈哈哈~”
“我有证据你在内涵大佬隔壁小王。”
“包包头留海小裙子女装小学僧大佬，太太太可爱了~”
“她还会拉二胡呢。”
“你们太过分了！哪有这样内涵隔壁小王的，小心大佬在现实中请你们喝茶。”
“好怕好怕，哈哈哈，我不行了。”
“你们没有注意到吗？最新实力排行榜，有个匿名者突然就蹿了上来，最奇特的是他的等级，一开始只有九十一级，隔了几天突然就变成九十三级，然后就是九十六、九十八，之后就九十九了！重点是他从九十一级升到九十九级只用了一个月时间。”
“没注意，又是哪位大佬诞生了？全民游戏的现况下，厉害的大佬太多了。”
“说正经的，隔壁小王七专业全能的消息是真的假的？隔壁小王今年真的才只有十六岁？那他当年玩游戏的时候才多大？八九岁？这年龄你们不觉得太可怕了吗？”
"To be serious, is the news of Xiao Wang's seven professional all-round next door true or false? Xiao Wang next door is really only sixteen years old this year? So how old was he when he played the game? Eight or nine years old? Don't you think it's scary at this age? ”
“亲，华夏十四亿人口，每年都有大量神童报考神童班。”
"Dear, China has a population of 1.4 billion, and a large number of prodigies apply for prodigy classes every year."
“隔壁小王是你们国家培养的秘密武器，异能人，大脑进化者。”
"Xiao Wang next door is the secret weapon cultivated by your country, a supernatural person, a brain evolutionary."
“没有普通人能在八九岁就厉害成那样，只有大脑装有芯片的生化人。”
“现在还有人说极度危险这个游戏只是游戏吗？她里面的东西拿到现实都可以用吧？大家也都是玩家，就问你们学习一个专业要付出多大的心力？就算我们精神力都提高了，记忆能力加强，但也不是那么快就能啃下一门。可隔壁小王却能啃下七门，现在更有三门达到九级！那可是九级！”
"Is it still said that Extreme Danger is just a game? The things in her can be used in reality, right? Everyone is also a gamer, so I ask you how much effort it takes to learn a major? Even if our mental strength has improved and our memory ability has been strengthened, it is not so quick to gnaw on the next one. But Xiao Wang next door was able to gnaw down seven doors, and now there are three more doors that have reached level nine! That's level nine! ”
“我就是游戏一开游就进入的老玩家，我运气还不错，玩了半年就学习了炼金术，直到现在已经八年半，但我的炼金术至今只有四级，我不明白为什么我和隔壁小王差那么多，难道有人真的能天生厉害到这种程度吗？”
"I'm an old player who entered the game as soon as it started, I'm lucky, I learned alchemy after playing for half a year, and it's been eight and a half years now, but my alchemy is only level four so far, I don't understand why I'm so much different from Xiao Wang next door, can anyone really be born powerful to this extent?"
“大家注意，有人带节奏！” "Everyone, pay attention, someone has a rhythm!"
“歪果仁来了，他们又来宣扬隔壁小王有害论了。” "The crooked nuts are here, and they are here to promote the harmful theory of the little king next door."
“不是，他们是来宣扬我们华夏暗中弯道超车论，他们在指责我们国家进行秘密人体研究，不但研究出了隔壁小王，还搞出了异能局，更后来还弄出了基因进化药剂，最可恶的是不带他们玩！”
"No, they are here to promote the theory that our Huaxia is secretly overtaking, they are accusing our country of conducting secret human research, not only researching the Xiao Wang next door, but also creating a supernatural bureau, and later making a genetic evolution potion, the most hateful thing is not to take them to play!"
“楼上那个玩八年半才炼金四级的脑残，来，哥哥告诉你什么叫天才，我就不用我自己举例了。知道沙漠羚羊吗？建筑九级、炼金八级！我妈好肥知道吗？进入游戏两年半时间，已经是九十九级大佬，炼药九级！还有其他更多人我就不举例了，这些还不是我们华夏人。你蠢，真不代表其他人都蠢。”
"The brain-dead person upstairs who has been playing for eight and a half years before the fourth level of alchemy, come, my brother tells you what a genius is, I don't need to give an example myself. Know the desert antelope? Building level 9, alchemy level 8! My mom is so fat, you know? After entering the game for two and a half years, he is already a ninety-nine level boss, and he is a ninth-level alchemist! There are many other people, I won't give examples, these are not our Chinese people. Just because you're stupid doesn't mean everyone else is stupid. ”
“给楼上鼓掌。”
“隔壁小王绝不可能是生化人，但他是国家秘密培养的神童应该没错。当年那个先知者1999爆他的料、泼他黑水，就引来国家出面。”
“我知道王叶这个人，他小时候是我们那边有名的被虐儿童，有次被他那个酒鬼爸差点打死，还上了新闻。后来学校都没去了，自此就失踪了，应该是国家发现他的特殊，特别培养了吧。”
“隔壁小王小时候还有这样的经历？真的假的？”
“应该是真的，据说歪果仁还绑架他父母，逼迫他出面。又在网上暴露他的消息，想要道德绑架。”
“歪果仁好奇怪，为什么盯着隔壁小王，简直就恨不得把他撕碎了一样。”
“筒子们，有鞋教啦！鞋教想趁着世界异变的时候弄个神出来，结果隔壁小王过去就把他们的神和神使给打西了。”
“哇哦！隔壁小王牛掰！”
“爸爸请受我一拜！鞋教滚出！”
“大家快去看！异能局公布了隔壁小王这几年做的若干任务，我要疯了！天才太可怕了！隔壁小王不是人啊！”
“啊啊啊，我看到了，我要给隔壁小王献上我的膝盖，基因进化药剂竟然就是他研究出来的！天哪，你们还记得当年那个在论坛上嘲笑隔壁小王给某杂志投刊的论文片段吗？那里面就是最初代的基因进化药剂配方！”
“卧槽！感觉世界要疯。当年就有一份珍宝放在我面前，结果我和大家一起嘲笑了它……”
“号外号外！最新消息，隔壁小王·王叶刚刚拿到炼药、魔法阵、召唤三个九级，现在已经是六专业九级啦！”
地球无数人在讨论隔壁小王这个人，双月星同样。
其实要论最傻眼的，恐怕还是陨星魔法学校的师生们。
嘤嘤嘤，小叶子太可怕了，他创造出来的这个成绩，以后就问还有哪个学生能超得过？
今后恐怕无数届陨星学生都要仰望这个前辈的成绩了。
嘤嘤嘤，现在小叶子就已经成为所有教授口中用来教训学生的最好例子了。
如今学校到处都充满了教授们的咆哮：
“你厉害？那你觉得你比王叶更厉害吗？人家是七专业精通，六专业达到九级，知道他现在才多大吗？他才十六岁！你呢？你就说你有什么好骄傲的？”
“知道王叶是哪个学院的学生吗？对，就是我们杂学院！我们杂学院也被称为全能学院，你们进到我们学院就是人生飞跃的开始！”
“小叶子九岁就横扫各校大比，你呢？还不给我去努力学习！”
“人家王叶为什么能年纪轻轻做到别人做不到的事情？就因为人家努力，每分每秒都在学习，你们还玩什么玩，你们对得起你们的前辈吗！”
“我不求你们给我考个七专业高阶回来，也不指望你们像王叶一样给他的师父们长脸，只要你们别给我丢脸就行！还不给我滚去学习！”
讲真，王叶这段时间总觉得自己脖子冷飕飕的，好像有无数人想要啃断他的脖子。
而王叶刚从召唤系考级现场出来，他就听到了来自系统的提示：
【恭喜玩家隔壁小王，扣除已经使用的经验值点数，玩家经验值累积达到113543199点，满足在游戏开服十年内突破一亿点经验值成就。特别奖励世界声望值一千点。】
就这？王叶对这个小气的系统是已经没有任何期待了。
世界声望值除了能让他发布任务，还有其他用处吗？
与此同时，全地球所有玩家都收到了两条世界消息。
【普天同庆！玩家隔壁小王作为游戏开服十年内成功突破一亿点经验值的第一人，激发隐藏任务，游戏即将进入第二阶段。从今天开始，九十九级将不再是玩家的最高等级，只要有人达到一亿点经验值，就可突破九十九级进入一百级，也是双月星的圣级。】
【世界任务！该任务为隐藏任务，现已被玩家隔壁小王激发。双月星术法文明已有万年以上的历史，但超凡者们发现，不管他们如何努力，都无法突破圣级进入更高层次。不是所有超凡者都想成神，但他们想要知道圣级以上是否还有更高级别。现在就请所有玩家一起努力，找到突破圣级的方法。任务完成，奖励新地图探险钥匙一把。朋友们，新地图魔界正在等待你！】
同样收到消息的王叶：喂喂喂，系统你都不问问我可不可以公开我的名字吗？你这是把我放在火上烤啊，同志！
另外，这个游戏制作者的魔爪已经伸向魔界了吗？
王叶郁闷地看着自己的玩家等级从九十九级跳到了一百级。
好吧，他现在也只能安慰自己他终于可以炼制十级药剂、制作十级卷轴了。
五天后，王叶拿下了炼金八级的资格，但这次掀起来的浪花就不太大——他自己认为。经验值再次增加六百万，其他没有任何变化。
从炼金公会出来的次日上午。
“你的专业考级全都结束了？”时校长就坐在王叶对面。
王叶点头：“是啊。”
“不考了？你炼金才考到八级。”
王叶：“……”隔壁小王丢给你一个滚蛋的眼神。
靳蜘蛛还真心安慰他：“没关系，主要是我们还要学习魔族的炼金知识，这才耽搁了，等明年来考，肯定能考到九级，就是十级也不是不可以奢望一下。”
王叶：“……”
时校长吃吃笑：“我记得你还能拉琴？魔乐没想过要去考吗？魔乐的教授们可是来找过我好几次，想要收你为弟子。”
王叶：“呵呵。”
王叶笑容一收，眼神超凶：“师父，你是想做一辈子的独臂大侠吗？”
时校长掏出一个袋子就砸在王叶脑门上：“既然要给我炼药，就给我好好炼，失败了我就一天揍你三顿！”
“切。”王叶捡起袋子，打开一看，心情顿时阴转晴，牙花子都笑出来了。
校长大人真大方，竟然送了他一颗九级魔晶！
“师父，这怎么好意思呢？”说着不好意思的王小叶已经把九级魔晶塞进了口袋。
时校长笑骂：“你会不好意思才怪。”
王叶嘿嘿一笑，收神开始做准备。
现在，他们师徒俩就在学校药园一间炼药室里。
时校长不是随便跑来玩的，他是来护法的。
因为王叶说他要开始炼制十级魔药断肢重生药剂。
在这之前，时校长他也知道自家徒弟很牛掰，但他真的没有想到这个徒弟能牛到这种程度！
他真的以为小叶子要拿到十级的炼药资格，还有很漫长的路要走。
可有些人可能生来就是打击别人的，他以为漫长的时间，结果才三个月？
这还是因为高阶专业考试被放到来年二月以后的缘故……
“不不不，三个月前我真的还没办法炼制十级药剂。”王叶谦虚地道：“我也是经过了这三个多月的整理和沉淀，如今才有一些把握。”
这不是假话，三个月前他还不到九十九级，想要炼制十级药剂不是不可能，但失败的可能性太大，就算成功了，炼制出来的十级药剂的品质也不会太高。
他是好徒弟，怎么会让时校长的心情像做过山车一样，抱着希望又不得不迎接失望？
他更不愿意拿低品质的药剂给时校长用。
既然是他师父，当然要用最好的！
所以直到现在，他有了九成把握——他已经在模拟室内模拟炼制了不下千遍，成功率已经接近八成，最重要的是炼制出的药剂的品质理论上可以达到完美，他才决定真的在现实中炼制。
第402章 炫徒
时校长接过药剂时，还有些不真实感。
这就炼制成功了？
十级药剂啊，多少年没见过了？
陨星魔法学校建校将近两千年，如此长的历史也让她拥有了相当丰厚的底蕴。
所以在如今没有十级炼药师的现在，陨星仍旧拥有一些十级药剂，只不过都是以前传下来的，都藏在时间阵法中进行保存。
可就算他是校长，也不能随便取用这些十级药剂，何况里面压根就没有断肢重生药剂。
可现在他的徒弟，第一次当他的面炼制十级药剂，可就跟炼制一级药剂一样，没有半点磕磕绊绊，就这么炼制成功了？！
好……没有真实感。
闻笛，疯药王大人，你们不在，真的太可惜了。时校长想着如果那两位在现场，肯定会高兴得不得了。
做师父的，有几个不想看到徒弟青出于蓝且胜于蓝？
时校长抬手揉了揉王叶的脑袋。
当年的小男孩长成高大的少年，时间真的很奇妙。
王叶没有动，任由他花海师父rua他的头毛，他现在有点累。
毕竟是现实中第一次炼制十级药剂。
而这次炼制药剂也让他明明白白地知道，药剂等级高不代表药材等级就非要高，相反用低等级药材炼制出高等级药剂才是真绝色。
只不过想要用低等级药材炼制出高等级药剂，需要耗费的能量和精神力都不是一般二般，比用高等级材料炼制高等级药剂难得多。
可谁让他手头上只有柳红果这个低级药材？
不对，应该说他手上以及他能找到的最适合炼制断肢重生药剂的药材，目前只有柳红果。
这也是他没有在九级就尝试炼制该药剂的原因。
虽然他可以越级炼制，但也不是所有药剂都能越级炼制。
一股能量突然涌入他体内。
王叶顺势吸收。
“谢谢师父。”王叶双手离开操作台，伸了个大大的懒腰。
“应该是我谢谢你。”时校长手指转动药剂瓶，一秒过后，仰头就把药剂喝了。
王叶挑眉。
不过这事也确实没必要特别准备。
药剂也没有拿去检验的必要。
时校长也是个干脆的人，药剂都练出来了，还拖啥？
此时不喝，留着后面生变吗？
一个小时后，时校长甩着一条老胳膊一条嫩胳膊，满面笑容地从炼药室里出来。
那胳膊能不嫩吗？
才长出来的，真细皮嫩肉。
新长出来的手臂还需要适应几天，但这一点都不妨碍时校长甩着手臂出去找人炫耀。
他从药园园长开始骚扰，一路炫耀到了校长室。
于是时校长被围观了……
被围观的时校长脸上一副不耐烦的样子，嘴巴里也很不耐烦地说道：“看看看，看嘛看？老子不就是长出一条手臂吗？有什么好稀奇的？”
“怎么长出来的？都是我那个不孝徒，这不刚考完九级的炼药师资格，就托大地非要炼制十级药剂。自家小混蛋，我还能怎么办？只好给他当实验体，硬着头皮喝他乱七八糟炼出来的新药剂，结果就这样了。”
众人：第一次发现校长原来你是这样的校长。
外界得到消息的朋友和仇敌：炫！你他妈继续炫！有个碉堡的徒弟很了不起吗？
小小心声：艹！还就是很了不起。要是王叶是他们的弟子，他们……啊啊啊，不能想了，心酸啊！怎么想那都是别人家的徒弟！
有徒弟有学生的大佬们眼神微妙地看着自己弟子和学生：别人家的徒弟那样，自家的徒弟这样……忽然就很伤心呢。
等众人一波妒忌后反应过来……
等等！那个王小叶他炼制出了十级药剂？！
双月星再度沸腾。
之前王叶弄出六专业九级，唯独炼金八级的成绩后，世人是很震惊，但总有“与众不同”的人表示：贪多嚼不烂，王叶再厉害也到头了，九级顶阶就是他的上限，至少在百年内，王叶任何一门专业都别想进阶十级。
然后都没有等到转年，而是转天，那个王叶就炼制出了十级药剂，据说还是断肢重生药剂，那个几乎已经失传的药剂。
紧接着，又有消息传出，说是那个王叶不止有虫老魔和闻笛指导他炼药知识，他还极有可能得到了疯药王的药典传承。
证据就是他中了千木之毒。
而现在已经有可靠消息——据说是王叶自己说的，千木之毒根本就是疯药王对弟子的考验，只要能彻底解开千木之毒，那就表示这个弟子已经学到疯药王九成以上本领，可以出师了。
听到这个消息的双月星人和地球玩家反应都很类似，就是羡慕妒忌恨啦。
但有两人和其他人情绪相反，他们的感觉都很微妙。
这两人就是烟花下的寂寞和他的师父黑巫师米特。
两人看着面前摊开的药典，都有点疑惑：他们这本药典到底是不是疯药王的传承？
“不是假的。但我怀疑你买回的这本药典并不是完全本，而是一本复制本。真药典很可能接触后就会中千木之毒，如果真是这样，你师父我现在大概已经天赋退化加精神力退化变成白痴了。”米特十分庆幸地道。
烟花特别乐观地说：“我觉得药典应该会自己做选择，真药典大概能分辨谁有基础、谁没有基础，像王叶，他在进入陨星之前就有闻笛教授教导他，炼药基础肯定非常好，疯药王传承会看上他也不奇怪。”
“也是。我们运气已经够好了，能买回一本真药典复制本，还不带千木之毒，这样对我们正正好。”米特感叹，他不贪心，也知道自己的斤两，他已经足够幸运了。
“奇怪王叶得到疯药王传承的事怎么突然就传出来了，简直就像是为我们打掩护一样。”烟花开玩笑道。
米特看向徒弟。
烟花看向师父。
两人：“……”
烟花突然道：“师父，上次村长来说的事绝对有内幕。你师弟克里克有多久没来找你了？”
米特手指按在药典封面上：“你是说上次那批被神秘少年打杀的超凡者就是克里克带的人，他们实际上不是来找村子的麻烦，而是因为这本药典？”
“还有其他解释吗？上次他很可能看到了封面。”烟花很不喜欢师父的师弟，连叫师叔都不愿意，幸好双月星这边不讲究什么师叔师伯的。
米特也不喜欢克里克，只是看在老师的面子上，跟这个师弟维持着面子情而已：“这么说那个神秘少年……”
“从时间来看，九成就是陨星的王叶了。”也就是隔壁小王。
烟花记住了这份情。不管隔壁小王是有意还是无意，他绝对救了他们师徒，而且现在大家都知道疯药王传承在王叶手里，他们这边就安全了。以后就算他们得到药典的事传出去，绝大多数人也只会以为是假消息。
隔壁小王不愧是隔壁小王。这一刻，烟花对隔壁小王充满了好感和感激。
他以前粉隔壁小王还不太明显，但从这一刻开始，他真成了隔壁小王的钛合金粉丝。
而王叶得到疯药王传承的事被砸实后，就有不少阴阳怪气的论调传出。
不少人都酸酸地嘀咕：“怪不得他年纪轻轻就这么厉害，才十六岁就炼制出了十级药剂，他有这么多厉害大佬教导当然不一样，何况他还得到了疯药王传承。”
言下之意，大家都明白：如果是我有这样的师资力量和奇遇，我应该也不会差。
这种观念甚至冲淡了一点王叶过于天才的说法。
王叶和关心王叶的存在反而对这种变化喜闻乐见：对对对，我们小叶子没那么神，都是因为他的师父们厉害。
陨星甚至趁机打了一波广告：想要成为那个小叶子的学弟学妹吗？想要知道我们学校的教授与学长们有多么出色吗？陨星魔法学校等着你。
其他超凡者学校：无耻卑鄙恶劣，抢生源的混蛋！
但无论如何，只要陨星有王叶，至少十年内，最好的生源和最好的教授们肯定都会往陨星跑。人都有趋众性，没办法。
而陨星良性循环下，只要能挺过王叶带来的某些负面作用，陨星的未来自不必言。
偏偏陨星的高层头脑十分清醒，他们打出广告，却没有疯狂扩张，而是加强了对生源和教授的筛选。不是只看资质，而是更看重品性和悟性。
另外，他们的扩大招生主要是面对非人类智慧种族，就比如精灵族，在新学年就又增加了几十个。其他兽人、虫人、巨人、地底人……甚至海族都有一些新入学者。
陨星正在走向各种族综合学校的途中，就凭王叶曾经给各智慧种族留下的好感，以及他在裂隙战场做的事情，陨星学校在各智慧种族的印象非常好。
如果要去他种族的超凡学校，其他智慧种族的青少年们现在的第一选择就是陨星。
这样的陨星，也只能让他的敌对势力暗中磨牙，却无可奈何。现在得罪一个陨星，可不是单独得罪陨星一个势力，那是几乎要把双月星所有智慧种族都涵盖了。
曾经想要暗中谋算陨星的势力和个人，现在要么已经被消灭，要么就是被吓得不敢出头。
陨星已经越来越强，现在连他们的校长时穿行都又增加了实力——独臂就那么厉害了，现在手臂长齐全了，其实力肯定会有一个飞跃。
而且裂隙战场那么多曾经是陨星出身的老怪物也都回到了陨星，有这些老怪物在，陨星更加就如磐石一般，谁敢咬一口都要小心崩掉满嘴牙。
王叶炼制了断肢重生药剂后就没有再炼制其他十级药剂，都不用他直接拒绝，时校长出面就帮他全部挡了——说他还小，炼制十级药剂太耗费精神力，现在正在蕴养中。
“你不能继续待在学校了，我挡不了多久，校外的还好说，校内的更麻烦。”时校长叹气。
“我知道。”王叶也不打算留下来不停地炼制药剂。
如果是以前，他会很高兴开高价炼制一些高阶药剂，但现在他有其他更重要的事情压在身上，这让他没办法停留在某处安安心心地赚钱。
他得继续提高自己的实力。
“你接下来要去哪里？”时校长问。
王叶不假思索地道：“去精灵族。”
“嗯，精灵族现在也比以前稳当不少，以前精灵族几乎避世，现在却逐渐走出来了。那位前大祭司威望非常高，她一来就让精灵族人心稳定下来。不过这段时间他们似乎正在选拔新的精灵王和新的大祭司，似乎前大祭司要退。”
“精灵王和祭司找到了吗？”
“这就要问他们了。蓝星群岛人似乎找到了一些线索，现在跟精灵族来往很多。我们学校也有不少蓝星群岛人入学。”时校长一顿，“去了精灵族以后呢？你是不是打算去魔界？”
王叶摇头：“魔界不急。我得先提高自己的实力，去过精灵族，我打算再去银月帝国见见撒尔曼大帝，等见过大帝，就去龙族族地一趟。”
“你要去龙族？”时校长惊讶。
王叶：“嗯，收到一个委托，得送一位龙魂回家。”
“有龙族带路就好，我还说你怎么会知道龙族族地在哪里。”
“就算没有这个委托，我还是要去一趟龙族族地，因为千木之毒最后一层的解药就需要用到龙族族地特有的龙神果。”王叶无奈道。
“龙神果？那不是传说中的东西吗？据说吃了就能变成神？”
水龙意识在虫巢冒声：“没见识。那都是外人瞎传，龙神果就是我们龙族的奶果，给刚出生的小龙崽崽们吃的。”
金宝小眼睛biu地亮起来：“我能吃吗？”
“当然。虽然大家走的时候带走了很多龙神果树，但我知道哪里还有，我到时带你去找。让王叶给你在虫巢里种一棵。”
“吔！水水最好了！”金宝欢呼。
王叶以为非常困难的一个问题，在他不知道的时候已经被解决了。
但现在王叶还不知道。现在虫巢中住的人多了，王叶也很注重大家的隐私，尤其是大家的生活区。
王叶迟疑片刻，还是说道：“师父，我可能会离开很久，我也不知道我以后什么时候能回来。”
时校长听了这话，并没有露出特别神情，在得知虫老和闻笛等人去了其他世界后，他心中就早就有预料。
王叶是个重情的，师父们不见了，他肯定要去找。
而且双月星不知道是因为法则还是其他缘故，想要突破十一级也非常困难，如今王叶才十六岁，他的综合实力就已经达到十级……时校长知道这点时都懒得震惊了。
实际上他徒弟如果没有十级的实力，他也没有那么多能量和精神力能支撑他学那么多专业，还都拿到了高阶资格，如今更炼制出十级药剂。
双月星现在对王叶不能说没有帮助，但同样也会变成枷锁。
如果有可能，时校长当然希望王叶能闯出去。
就是他自己……他已经在物色新的校长，等他把职责全部交代（甩掉）后，他就也要去寻找突破的路子，也许小叶子的家乡就是个不错的出路。
魔界同样是一条路。
但当年唐博古鼎他们没有选择魔界，必然有他们的原因。所以这个魔界，能不去还是不去的好。
But Tang Bo Guding didn't choose the Demon Realm back then, there must be their reasons. So in this demon world, it's better not to go or not to go.
不过这些就没必要和小叶子说了，他想彻底离开学校也不是短短几年就能完成的事。
But there is no need to tell Xiao Yezi about this, he wants to leave school completely and it is not something that can be completed in just a few years.
相反，现在陨星因为小叶子，某种程度已经处在风口浪尖上，他更不能走。
On the contrary, now that the meteorite is already on the cusp of the storm to some extent because of the small leaves, he can't go.
王叶拿出了三本魔法书，递到时校长面前。 Wang Ye took out three magic books and handed them to Principal Shi.
“这是什么？”时校长好奇地接过来。 "What is this?" Principal Shi took it curiously.
王叶随意地道：“上面一本是疯药王的药典复制本，没有任何删减。”
Wang Ye said casually: "The above is a copy of the Pharmacopoeia of the Mad Medicine King, without any deletions. ”
时校长手一抖，差点把三本魔法书给抖地上。 Principal Shi's hand shook, and he almost shook the three magic books to the ground.
“中间一本是魔族炼金术传承，是我整理出来的，但只到八级，后面的我也没学到。”
"The middle one is the demon alchemy inheritance, which I sorted out, but it was only to the eighth level, and I didn't learn the rest either."
“足够了！” "Enough!"
“下面那一本是我在家乡得到的一个完整传承，留下传承的大佬被我家乡的人尊称为凤仙。这本传承里涉及的所有知识，和双月星的魔法体系完全不同。不建议强迫学习，有缘者得之吧，可以试试传给学校蓝星群岛的学生，他们的观念接受凤仙传承会更容易。”
"The following one is a complete inheritance I got in my hometown, and the big guy who left the inheritance is respected by the people in my hometown as a phoenix. All the knowledge involved in this inheritance is completely different from the magic system of the Twin Moon Stars. It is not recommended to force learning, those who are destined to get it, you can try to pass it on to the students of the Blue Star Islands in the school, and it will be easier for them to accept the inheritance of the phoenix. ”
“好，我知道了。”时校长已经不知道该说什么了，一个完整的不同的术法传承，这个意义可不小，说不定他们双月星能否突破十一级的关键就在这个术法传承上。
"Okay, I got it." Principal Shi didn't know what to say anymore, a complete and different magic inheritance, this is not a small significance, maybe the key to whether their Double Moon Star can break through the eleventh level is in this magic inheritance.
就算不全部学，借鉴一番也是好的。 Even if you don't learn everything, it's good to learn from it.
王叶拿出凤仙传承也是得到过凤仙同意的，至于他把凤仙传承交给陨星则是他的一个尝试。
Wang Ye had also obtained the consent of the Phoenix Immortal when he took out the Phoenix Immortal Inheritance, and as for him to hand over the Phoenix Immortal Inheritance to the Falling Star, it was his attempt.
双月星敞开自己的传承，让地球玩家来学，虽然是好事，但这其实也已经是一种文明侵袭。那么当双月星的超凡者学习了地球那边的传承，又会有什么发展？
Although it is a good thing for the two moon stars to open up their inheritance and let the players of the earth learn, this is actually already a kind of civilization invasion. So when the transcendents of the Twin Moon Stars learn the inheritance on the other side of the earth, what will happen?
而这种变化，王叶不觉得是不好的变化。 And this kind of change, Wang Ye doesn't think it's a bad change.
为此，王叶还特地把因果卷拿出来看了。很好，没变色。
For this reason, Wang Ye also specially took out the cause and effect roll to look at it. Very good, no discoloration.
自从他把琉光卵彻底吸收后，因果卷就从深红转为鲜红。
Ever since he had absorbed the Ryuka Egg thoroughly, the Cause and Effect Roll had turned from crimson to bright red.
王叶猜测这大概和他收留了预言石有关，因果卷认为预言石仍旧会带来麻烦。
Wang Ye guessed that this was probably related to the fact that he had taken in the Prophecy Stone, and the Cause and Effect Scroll believed that the Prophecy Stone would still cause trouble.
但因果卷只是提醒，王叶也不想完全按照因果卷的提醒走。
But the cause and effect scroll is just a reminder, and Wang Ye doesn't want to go completely according to the reminder of the cause and effect scroll.
因果卷的这种提醒，在他看来也和预言石的预言作用差不多——预言石有可能带来坏的未来，那万年前的预言者看到他不是也认为他是带来灾难的人吗？
This reminder of the Cause and Effect Scroll seems to him to be similar to the prophetic effect of the Prophecy Stone—the Prophecy Stone has the potential to bring about a bad future, and didn't the prophet of 10,000 years ago also think that he is the one who brought disaster?
销毁，也要看是什么情况。 Destruction, it also depends on what the situation is.
预言石确实不是善良者，但也说不上天性邪恶，它让别人看到未来，甚至是吸干那个外国商人，都像是动物本能——我想活、我想变强、我想脱力控制，所以我需要吃东西。
It's true that the Prophecy Stone is not a good person, but it is not inherently evil, it makes others see the future, and even sucks that foreign merchant dry, it is like an animal instinct - I want to live, I want to be strong, I want to be out of control, so I need to eat.
只不过预言石要吃的东西是精神力。 It's just that the prophecy stone is going to eat spiritual power.
但那时的预言石就跟懵懂的孩子差不多，根本就没有人教它对错，更没有人跟它说什么能做、什么不能做。
But at that time, the prophecy stone was like an ignorant child, and no one taught it right and wrong, let alone what it could and couldn't do.
他如果就按照因果之卷的提醒，直接就把预言石销毁，实际上跟不教而诛也没什么区别。
If he just followed the reminder of the Scroll of Cause and Effect and directly destroyed the prophecy stone, it was actually no different from not teaching and punishing.
更可怕的是，他会变得和那些受到预言影响，想要把所有灾难源头提前掐灭的人一模一样。
What is even more terrifying is that he will become exactly like those who have been influenced by prophecy and want to extinguish all the sources of disaster before they are eliminated.
所以他把预言石留下了。 So he left the Prophecy Stone behind.
但也是这样，预言石就变成了他的责任。 But in this way, the prophecy stone becomes his responsibility.
不过好在他家小孩子多，预言石来了后就乐不思蜀，都要跟金宝他们玩疯了，成天沉迷于动画片中，现在还看起热血漫画来了。
But fortunately, there are a lot of children in his family, and after the prophecy stone came, he couldn't think about it, and he had to play crazy with Jinbao and them, and he was addicted to cartoons all day long, and now he still looks at hot-blooded comics.
为了不被赶走，预言石很乐于遵守他们当初的约法三章，而且预言石不笨，它也在借此机会学习。
In order not to be driven away, the Prophecy Stone is happy to abide by the three chapters of their original covenant, and the Prophecy Stone is not stupid, and it is also taking this opportunity to learn.
王叶非常欢迎预言石自学，也许预言石将来会成长为又聪明又厉害的可怕存在，但它也有可能成长为有理智有感情并有智慧的睿智存在。
Wang Ye very much welcomes the prophecy stone to learn by itself, maybe the prophecy stone will grow into a terrifying existence that is smart and powerful in the future, but it is also possible to grow into a wise existence with reason, feelings and wisdom.
言归正传，王叶又和时校长聊了聊神秘十四人的事情。 Getting back to business, Wang Ye chatted with Principal Shi about the mysterious fourteen people again.
时校长对此，还是老意见：“你就是个小孩子，就算很厉害，也还只是一个小孩子。你已经做了你能做的事情，而且做的很好，还超过很多，接下来的麻烦，你只要交给大人就好了。”
Principal Shi still has the same old opinion about this: "You are just a child, even if you are very powerful, you are still just a child." You've done what you can, and you've done it well, and it's a lot more, and the rest of the troubles, you just have to leave it to the adults. ”
如果裂隙战场大战失败，双月星损失巨大，那么那神秘十四人绝对会成为双月星的最大危害。
If the rift battlefield battle is lost and the Twin Moon Stars suffer huge losses, then the Mysterious Fourteen will definitely become the biggest hazard to the Twin Moon Stars.
但现在裂隙战场那边的实力几乎保存完好，这也代表双月星各族顶尖高层的实力也保存完好，何况现在还有木精灵和树人族入世。
But now the strength on the side of the rift battlefield is almost well preserved, which also means that the strength of the top leaders of the Twin Moon Star races is also well preserved, not to mention that there are still wood elves and treants entering the world.
这可不是1+1=2的加成，而是一环连一环的翻倍加成。
This is not a 1+1=2 bonus, but a double bonus of one ring after another.
我弱敌就强，但现在是我方越发强大，那么敌人就会往回缩。
My weak enemy is strong, but now that we are stronger, the enemy will retreat.
神秘十四人确实很麻烦，但以前陨星的大佬们要把绝大部分心神都放在对抗瘤背怪身上，还要防止那块大陆掉下来撞击双月星、毁掉双月星，所以树人族为首的很多顶尖大佬都只能把双月星的内部问题放在一边，全力对付外敌。
The mysterious fourteen people are indeed very troublesome, but in the past, the bigwigs of the Falling Star had to put most of their minds on fighting against the tumorback monsters, and they also had to prevent that continent from falling down to hit the Twin Moon Stars and destroy the Twin Moon Stars, so many top bosses led by the Treant Clan could only put aside the internal problems of the Twin Moon Stars and go all out to deal with external enemies.
可现在瘤背怪问题已经解决，就算少数瘤背怪高层逃跑，被抓到也只是时间迟早的事，而那片被切割的塔塔拉星一部分也已回到真塔塔拉族手上，塔塔拉族为了自己的家乡，就算那大陆想要掉下来，他们也会拼命拉住。
But now that the problem of the tumorback monster has been solved, even if a few high-level tumors escape, it will only be a matter of time before they are caught, and part of the cut Tatara star has also returned to the hands of the real Tatara clan, and the Tatara clan will desperately pull it for their hometown, even if the continent wants to fall, they will desperately hold on.
何况现在双方合作，那片大陆已经变成双月星的一部分，就像小行星一样围绕双月星而转。
What's more, now that the two sides are cooperating, that continent has become a part of the Twin Moon Stars, revolving around the Twin Moon Stars like an asteroid.
外部问题解决，众顶尖大佬们都腾出了手，那么接下来自然要集中精力整顿双月星的内部问题。
The external problems are solved, and all the top bosses have freed their hands, so it is natural to concentrate on rectifying the internal problems of the Double Moon Star.
神秘十四人首当其冲，他们绝对是大佬们首先要收拾的目标。
The mysterious fourteen bear the brunt, and they are definitely the first target for the bigwigs to clean up.
只不过马上展开大战不可能，那对双月星也没什么好处。
It's just that it's impossible to start a big war right away, and that won't do the Twin Moon Stars any good.
顶尖大佬们考虑事情，已经不是考虑一家一国，而是整个双月星。
The top bigwigs are thinking about things, not thinking about one family and one country, but about the entire Double Moon Star.
对于他们来说，和一批实力和他们差不多的高手在双月星开战，那就跟自己摧毁自己的家园和后代一样，特别不可取。
For them, starting a war with a group of masters with similar strength to them in the Double Moon Star would be as undesirable as destroying their own homes and descendants.
所以大佬们现在想的是逐个击破的方法，不管用什么手段，总之要让这十四人联盟彻底瓦解，切断他们的联系，让他们无法联手。
So what the bigwigs are thinking of now is a way to break them one by one, no matter what means are used, in short, to completely disintegrate the alliance of fourteen, cut off their connection, and make it impossible for them to join forces.
而相关行动已经展开。 And the relevant actions have already begun.
“那群蓝星群岛人也起了很大作用。”时校长提起这个新秘境出来的人，表情就很古怪：“他们厉害的地方不在于他们能不断复活，而是他们的……”
"The Blue Star Islanders also played a big role." When Principal Shi mentioned the people who came out of this new secret realm, his expression was very strange: "What is great about them is not that they can be constantly resurrected, but that they are ......."
时校长点了点自己的太阳穴：“他们的思想和双月星绝大多数人的思想很不一样，他们有的特别崇尚个人自由，成天把民主放在口中，有一些双月星人成天都在帮助奴隶，在奴隶中做各种宣讲，说这叫奴隶解放运动。”
Principal Shi nodded his temple: "Their thinking is very different from the thinking of the vast majority of people in the Twin Moon Stars, some of them particularly advocate personal freedom and put democracy in their mouths all day long, and some of the Twin Moon Stars people are helping slaves all day long, making all kinds of propaganda among the slaves, saying that this is called the slave liberation movement." ”
“还有一些人宣称自己能给大家带来更好的生活，让地方民众跟他一起推翻当地的统治者，而他许诺可以免税、分土地等等。”
"There are also those who claim that they can bring a better life to everyone, and let the local people join him in overthrowing the local rulers, and he promises tax exemptions, land divisions, and so on."
“还有人直接干掉某个领地的主人，然后在领地里大肆开办工厂，把农奴都转为工人。”
"There are also people who directly kill the owner of a certain territory, and then set up factories in the territory and turn all serfs into workers."
“也有开办孤儿院老人院的，还有创办佣兵团队到处做任务的，还有自称游侠的人到处行侠仗义或者惹事生非的。哦还有宣讲阶级是什么，民智是什么，收学生以及办私塾的……总之很多奇怪的人，他们的想法都很有意思。”
"There are also orphanages and homes for the elderly, there are mercenary teams that do tasks everywhere, and there are people who call themselves rangers who go around doing chivalrous acts or causes trouble. Oh, and what is the preaching class, what is the wisdom of the people, accepting students and running private schools...... In short, a lot of strange people, their ideas are very interesting. ”
“这些人有的成功了，有的失败，但他们带来的影响极为可怕，现在你说的那神秘十四人大概都在为蓝星群岛人带来的各种人心和民智变化而头疼。”
"Some of these people have succeeded, some have failed, but the impact they have brought is extremely terrifying, and now the mysterious fourteen people you are talking about are probably all having a headache for the various changes in people's hearts and minds brought by the people of the Blue Star Islands."
王叶笑：“这么说蓝星群岛人已经让双月星开始改变？”
Wang Ye smiled: "So the people of the Blue Star Islands have already made the Double Moon Star begin to change?" ”
时校长摇头：“何止。蓝星群岛人太多了，而且他们九成九以上的人似乎都受过教育，只是体系和我们不一样，他们不止给双月星带来了知识和思想的冲击。他们似乎还把我们双月星当成了游乐场，对顶尖层也毫无畏惧心。”
Principal Shi shook his head: "Stop." There are too many people in the Blue Star Islands, and more than ninety percent of them seem to be educated, but the system is different from ours, and they have not only brought the impact of knowledge and ideas to the Double Moon Star. They also seem to have used our Double Moon Star as a playground, and they have no fear of the top layer. ”
“就拿那神秘十四人说，他们在现实中肯定都有极高的身份，双月星人见了他们都会恐惧或尊敬，但蓝星群岛人恐怕先想的是我能不能把这人宰了弄到更多好处？”
"Take the mysterious fourteen people, they must all have extremely high status in reality, and the people of the Twin Moon Star will be afraid or respected when they see them, but the people of the Blue Star Islands are afraid that the first thing I think about is whether I can slaughter this person to get more benefits?"
“而蓝星群岛人这种无所顾忌、无所畏惧、更不好控制的态度才是最可怕的。所以你做你的事去，真的不用担心那神秘十四人。上面大概会挑着他们和蓝星群岛人对上。等把那十四个人逼出来，就是算总账的时候了。”
"And the attitude of the people of the Blue Star Islands who are unscrupulous, fearless, and even more difficult to control is the most terrifying. So you go your way, and you really don't have to worry about the mysterious fourteen. They will probably be picked up against the Blue Star Islanders. When the fourteen people are forced out, it is time to settle the account. ”
时校长面对徒弟基本没有隐瞒，说出了双月星顶尖层的计划。
Principal Shi basically did not hide it in the face of his apprentices, and said the plan of the top level of the Double Moon Star.
“另外你曾经提过的智慧寄生虫族，它们似乎和精灵族有很大矛盾，见面就是你死我活。而且精灵族似乎能分辨被寄生情况，好些被智慧寄生虫族控制的势力都被精灵族和蓝星群岛人给围杀了。”
"In addition, the intelligent parasites you once mentioned, they seem to have a big contradiction with the elves, and meeting them is life and death. Moreover, the elves seem to be able to distinguish the situation of being parasitized, and many forces controlled by the intelligent parasitic zerg have been besieged and killed by the elves and the people of the Blue Star Islands. ”
“详细的事情，你可以到了精灵族后询问他们。我得到的最新消息就是他们和蓝星群岛人密切合作了，蓝星群岛人似乎特别喜欢精灵族。”
"For details, you can ask them when you get to the elves. The latest news I've gotten is that they're working closely with the Bluestar Islanders, who seem to be particularly fond of elves. ”
王叶莞尔。精灵族啊，地球人的最爱种族之一。 Wang Yeguaner. O elves, one of the favorite races of earthlings.
虽然双月星的精灵族和地球人认识中的精灵不太一样，但同样俊美漂亮，而地球人包括他在内几乎都是颜狗~
Although the elves of the Double Moon Star are not the same as the elves in the knowledge of the earthlings, they are equally handsome and beautiful, and the earthlings, including him, are almost all Yan dogs~
以前精灵族避世不出，无尽森海也不允许他人进入，玩家们想靠近都难。
In the past, the elves could not escape from the world, and the endless forest sea did not allow others to enter, so it was difficult for players to get close.
而上辈子，精灵族更是因为族地被夺，大部分精灵被灭绝，玩家们想要见到精灵都难得。
In the previous life, the elves were even more exterminated because the clan land was taken away, and it was rare for players to see the elves.
可现在呢，木系精灵回归，精灵族出世，无尽森海不说欢迎进入，也不再是那么封闭。
But now, the wood elves have returned, the elves have been born, and the endless forest sea is no longer so closed.
玩家们看着老大一个精灵族地在那里，怎么可能忍得住不去那边找任务？
The players looked at the boss and an elf clan there, how could they bear not to go over there to find a task?
王叶收回思绪看向时校长。他和时校长相处时间不长，这四个月来，是他和时校长单独相处最长的一段时间。
Wang Ye retracted his thoughts and looked at Principal Shi. He didn't get along with Principal Shi for a long time, and in the past four months, he and Principal Shi spent the longest time alone.
人心都是肉做的，他这位师父虽然老揍他，但对他着实不错，他的实力增长也真的非常快速。
People's hearts are made of meat, although his master always beats him, but he is really good to him, and his strength is really growing very fast.
他之前吸收那么多能量，身体已经有些淤塞，被时校长连续揍了近四个月，那些能量才被他真正消化吸收。
He had absorbed so much energy before, and his body was already a little clogged, and he was beaten by Principal Shi for nearly four months before that energy was truly digested and absorbed by him.
而且时校长还经常偷偷摸摸地给他塞好东西，说是不给他走后门，但凡是他想买却买不到的东西，校长都会用他的名义去收购。他想去但没有资格进入的地方，校长也会偷偷带他进去。
Moreover, the principal often stuffed him with things secretly, saying that he would not go through the back door for him, but whatever he wanted to buy but couldn't buy, the principal would buy it in his name. Where he wants to go but doesn't have the qualifications to enter, the headmaster will also sneak him in.
他占学校便宜真的占了不老少。 He took advantage of the school, and he really took advantage of the young and old.
不过他怀疑学校的老怪物们都知道，不过睁只眼闭只眼而已。
However, he suspected that the old monsters of the school knew about it, but they just turned a blind eye.
唉，有点舍不得离开陨星。有靠山的生活最爽了，可惜！
Alas, a little reluctant to leave the meteorite. It's a pity that the life of having a backer is the coolest, but it's a pity!
“师父，我可以带您一起走，我们约定个时间，到时我来接……”
"Master, I can take you along, we will make an appointment, and I will pick up ...... then."
王叶话没说完，他的脑袋被一只大手按住了。 Before Wang Ye finished speaking, his head was held down by a big hand.
“天下没有不散的宴席，我该教你的都教了，剩下的就是练习和实战。以后有缘，我们自然还会再聚。行了，别黏黏糊糊的了，快走快走。”时校长这样的人都忍不住有点鼻酸，他好不容易收的弟子，他还没跟人炫耀够呢。
"There is no banquet in the world that will not be dispersed, I should teach you everything, and the rest is practice and actual combat. In the future, we will naturally get together again. Alright, stop being slimy, go fast. "People like Principal Shi can't help but feel a little sour, he has not managed to accept the disciples, and he hasn't shown off enough to others.
谁能知道他这个小弟子不止术法和专业技能厉害，他的身体强度和武技也成长飞快，就是他现在想要打败他徒弟，都要费不少工夫。
Who would have known that this little disciple of him was not only powerful in magic and professional skills, but also that his physical strength and martial arts had grown rapidly, even if he wanted to defeat his apprentice now, it would take a lot of work.
而且他徒弟还是没用术法，只用武技和战气跟他打的情况。
And his apprentice still didn't use spells, only used martial arts and battle qi to fight him.
如果他徒弟万般手法都用出来，他还真不敢说最后谁干掉谁。
If his apprentice used all kinds of techniques, he really didn't dare to say who would kill whom in the end.
可惜啊，没有好机会让人知道他调教出一个超厉害的徒弟了。
It's a pity that there is no good opportunity for people to know that he has trained a super powerful apprentice.
王叶闻言，勾唇一笑，特别现实地道：“哦，那我把学分花完就走。”
When Wang Ye heard this, he hooked his lips and smiled, and said very realistically: "Oh, then I'll spend my credits and leave." ”
时校长：“……你现在就可以滚了。”真是什么离别情都给你搞没了！
Principal Shi: "...... You can roll now. "It's really a parting for you!
第403章 精灵族地行 Chapter 403: Elven Clan's Journey
王叶学分太多了……其实他真想花，肯定能快速花完，他虫巢也能装得下。
Wang Ye has too many credits...... In fact, if he really wants to spend it, he will definitely be able to spend it quickly, and his hive can fit it.
但他爱陨星啊~ But he loves meteors~
所以他把他的学分留下，请学校代为运营，办了一个小叶子奖学金。
So he kept his credits and asked the school to run it on his behalf, and ran a Xiaoyezi scholarship.
这个奖学金不分种族、不分学院，谁都能争取，只要你是入学时全校……最后一名。
This scholarship is available to anyone regardless of race or college, as long as you are enrolled in the school...... Last place.
可能有人担心，那以后会不会有人为了这份奖学金，故意让自己考最后一名。
Some people may be worried that in the future, there will be people who deliberately let themselves take the last place for this scholarship.
是有这种可能。但想要让自己成为全校最后一名可不是容易事，只要没有暗箱操作，一个不小心，你争取的就不是最后一名，而是落选。
Yes, there is such a possibility. But it is not easy to make yourself the last place in the school, as long as there is no dark box operation, if you are not careful, you will not fight for the last place, but lose.
而在陨星，想要暗箱操作真的太难了。 And in the meteorite, it is really difficult to operate in the dark.
况且这笔奖学金对于普通的新入生来说，确实是及时雨，但也只是及时雨，而不是让你暴富。
Moreover, this scholarship is indeed timely for ordinary new students, but it is only timely rain, not to make you rich.
就为了一阵及时雨，去搞代价更大的暗箱操作？ Just for a gust of timely rain, to engage in a more costly black-box operation?
有能力搞暗箱操作的人也不至于去争取这点奖学金好不好。
People who have the ability to engage in black-box operations will not be able to fight for this scholarship.
为此，自从这个奖学金成立后，还真没有几个人特意让自己落到最后一名就为了得到这份奖学金——太不好操作了。
For this reason, since the establishment of this scholarship, there are really few people who deliberately let themselves fall to the last place just to get this scholarship - it is too difficult to operate.
但得到这份奖学金的学生，也不知道是心理缘故，还是其他原因，在学校的发展都还不错。
But the students who got this scholarship don't know if it's because of psychology or other reasons, and their development in school is not bad.
后来这个奖学金还被人戏称为“笨鸟先飞”奖。 Later, this scholarship was nicknamed the "Stupid Bird Fly First" award.
一开始还有人觉得王叶这样的做法太儿戏，这不是鼓励考最后一名吗？
At the beginning, some people thought that Wang Ye's approach was too child's play, didn't this encourage the last place in the exam?
但时校长亲自出面解释，还在王叶的宿舍外立了一块石碑——他住的那栋小屋子被学校保留了。
But Principal Shi personally came forward to explain that a stone tablet was erected outside Wang Ye's dormitory - the small house he lived in was kept by the school.
护短的时校长就不能容忍有人说他徒弟不好，更不能容忍有人误解他、扭曲他的原意。
When he was protecting his shortcomings, the principal could not tolerate some people saying that his apprentice was not good, let alone someone misunderstanding him and distorting his original intentions.
石碑正面刻写着王叶的成就和对学校的奉献，背面就刻写了奖学金的解释。
The front of the stele is engraved with Wang Ye's achievements and dedication to the school, and the back is engraved with an explanation of the scholarship.
王叶原话：“一时失利和一时落后不算什么，重要的是以后。给你一个机会，抓住它，现在尽你可能的付出努力，至少不要让未来的你为现在的你而后悔。”
Wang Yeyuan's words: "A moment of defeat and a moment of backwardness are nothing, the important thing is the future." Give you a chance, seize it, and do as much as you can now, at least don't let your future self regret being who you are now. ”
哔哔的人没了。谁能保证自己一直在前？谁不想要在自己一时失利和落后的时候得到一份帮助？
The beep-beep is gone. Who can guarantee that they will always be ahead? Who doesn't want to get a bang for themselves when they're losing and falling behind?
在陨星还没有公布这个奖学金之前，王叶就已经来到了无尽森海的精灵族地。
Before the meteorite announced this scholarship, Wang Ye had already come to the elven clan land of the Endless Forest Sea.
金宝一到无尽森海就兴奋了，爬到王叶肩头颠颠地喊：“我老家~”
Jinbao was excited as soon as he arrived at the Endless Forest Sea, and climbed onto Wang Ye's shoulder and shouted: "My hometown~"
与以前不同的是，无尽森海前的野地出现了一座小镇。 Unlike before, a small town has appeared in the wilderness in front of the endless forest sea.
小镇占地面积不小，已经有向城市发展的迹象。 The town covers a large area and is already showing signs of developing towards the city.
小镇里来来往往都是人，精灵族很多，这是一座精灵小镇。
There are people coming and going in the town, and there are many elves, this is an elven town.
外来人口玩家至少占一半，之所以说至少，就因为很多玩家都把自己手背上的标记给遮掩了，乍一看就好像当地人一样。
At least half of the players are outsiders, and the reason why I say at least is because many players hide the markings on the back of their hands, and at first glance they look like locals.
但也有些玩家一看就是玩家，他们无论打扮还是行为都十分标新立异。
But there are also players who look like gamers, and they are very different in their dress and behavior.
尤其那种满小镇乱窜，到处询问有没有任务给他做，然后无论接下什么任务都乐颠颠的人，一看就是新玩家。
Especially the kind of people who run around the town, ask everywhere if there is a task for him to do, and then have fun no matter what task they take, at first glance, they are new players.
王叶身份暴露，他的面貌也被暴露出去，他不想引起围观，就换了一张脸。
Wang Ye's identity was exposed, and his face was also exposed, so he didn't want to attract onlookers, so he changed his face.
变脸术，基本应用魔法之一。 Face changeling, one of the basic application magic.
维持时间不长，最长二十四小时。 It lasts for a short time, up to twenty-four hours.
想要进入无尽森海，必须通过这座小镇，从其他方向进入，没有获得精灵族许可，都会被视为侵略。
If you want to enter the Endless Forest Sea, you must pass through this town, and if you enter from other directions, without the permission of the elves, it will be considered an invasion.
无尽森海如今已经被明确划为精灵族地，哪怕他们的精灵族地实际是在无尽森海的秘境里面。
The Endless Forest Sea has now been clearly classified as an elven land, even if their elven land is actually in the secret realm of the Endless Forest Sea.
王叶看到了熟人。 Wang Ye saw an acquaintance.
而精灵们也看到了金光灿烂的小金宝。 And the elves also saw the golden little Jinbao.
一个人类，带着他们精灵族的幼崽？ A human, with their elven cubs?
很快就有精灵主动来接触王叶。 Soon, an elf took the initiative to contact Wang Ye.
树雨一看到金宝就把他认了出来，除了金宝，他就没见过这么灿、这么圆的小崽崽：“金宝？你是小……”
Shuyu recognized him as soon as he saw Jinbao, except for Jinbao, he had never seen such a bright and round cub: "Jinbao? You're a little ......."
“嘘，不想被围观，我们去族地再说吧。”王叶亮出手背上的精灵族印记。
"Shhhh Wang Yeliang took out the elven mark on his back.
树雨看到金宝基本就确认了王叶的身份，再看他亮出的印记，当即就笑了，感慨一般地说：“你长得可真快，以前还是这么一小只，现在都跟我差不多高了。”
Shu Yu saw that Jin Bao basically confirmed Wang Ye's identity, and then looked at the mark he revealed, he immediately smiled, and said with emotion: "You grow up really fast, you used to be such a small one, but now you are about the same height as me." ”
王叶呵呵：“我才十六，还会再长。” Wang Ye hehe: "I'm only sixteen, and I will grow again." ”
树雨哈哈大笑：“走，跟我来。” Shuyu laughed: "Go, follow me." ”
周围已经有不少玩家注意到他们，有些玩家跃跃欲试，似乎很想来插一脚，最好能弄个隐藏任务之类。
There are already quite a few players around who have noticed them, and some of them are eager to try it out, and it seems that they want to get a kick in and maybe get a hidden mission or something.
但树雨带着王叶很快就进入了一个由两株大树自然形成的拱门。
But the tree rain and Wang Ye soon entered an arch naturally formed by two large trees.
“有人被精灵带进他们的族地了。”有玩家惊讶道。 "Someone has been brought into their land by the elves." Some players were surprised.
“谁？是玩家吗？” "Who? Is it a player? ”
“不知道，穿着陨星校服，也许是土著。” "I don't know, wearing a meteorite school uniform, maybe it's an indigenous."
“哎，你怎么没上前问问，说不定是什么隐藏任务。” "Hey, why didn't you come forward and ask, maybe it's some hidden mission."
“没赶得上，他们走得太快了。” "They didn't catch up, they went too fast."
另一头，王叶在进入精灵族地后就恢复了原貌。 On the other hand, Wang Ye returned to his original appearance after entering the elf land.
树雨盯着他看了好一会儿，摸摸自己的脸，得意地说：“没我帅。”
Shuyu stared at him for a long time, touched his face, and said proudly, "Not as handsome as me." ”
帅这个词还是玩家传进来的。 The word handsome is still passed in by players.
王叶扔给他一个轻蔑的眼神：“爸爸我不靠脸吃饭。” Wang Ye threw him a contemptuous look: "Dad, I don't eat with my face." ”
金宝蹭蹭王叶：“爸叽，你也很帅，你是天下第三帅。”
第一帅是雷木爸爸，第二帅就是他金宝，第三自然就是他小叶子爸爸啦~
树雨再次大笑，单手揽住王叶的肩膀，亲昵地道：“这小家伙给你养得不错。以前族里还对你带走金宝有意见，现在他们可羡慕金宝了，更觉得他们当初和你维持一个良好关系是最明智的做法。”
树雨不住啧啧：“你现在可不得了，到处都在传唱你的大名，七专业九级？炼药甚至达到了十级？”
“这是什么鬼传言？我明明只有六专业九级，炼金就八级。炼药虽然炼制出了十级药剂，但没去考级。”王叶诚实道。
树雨受不了：“你就别跟我炫耀了，都知道你厉害！”
王叶：我压根就没炫耀啊，我只是陈述事实。
“对了，雷木呢？这次怎么没看到他？”树雨随口问。
王叶抬起手臂，一圈碧绿的手镯冒出一根细丝，对树雨晃了晃，同时一道精神力直接和树雨碰触：“我在这里。”
树雨惊讶地瞪向细丝：“他这是已经可以元素化了？”
王叶含糊地嗯了一声：“还有一些其他奇遇。”
“羡慕。看来我也应该出去走走了，我都这把年纪了，到现在元素化还没影子呢。”树雨是真心想要出去走走。
王叶通过雷木和金宝，已经知道精灵族能力的最高体现就是元素化，一旦能元素化，精灵族就强大无比。
但能元素化代表十级，所以树雨看到雷木的变化才如此吃惊。
树雨又看了看金宝，觉得金宝似乎被养得有点营养过甚，那小脑袋上还冒出了两个小包包，很小，只有米粒大，不仔细看都看不出来。
金宝的身体虽然圆溜，但四个小爪子却比一般精灵幼崽粗壮得多，那尾巴更是灵活，而且形状和普通精灵幼崽也有些不同。
总之，金宝整体看和精灵族幼崽很像，但某些细微的地方又有不少差异。
树雨知道金宝是觉醒了血脉传承的返祖精灵，他以为这些都是返祖变化，也没多想。
“精灵族现在怎么样？”王叶问。
树雨收回打量金宝的目光，轻松道：“很好，自从大祭司回来，大家就稳下来了，而且发展比以前还好。果然我们精灵族就不能缺少任何一系。另外，大祭司已经交代过，如果你过来，就送你直接去见她。”
“我这次过来也是想再见见大祭司。”
“我现在就送你过去。”树雨本来想带王叶去自家坐坐，见他一副有事的样子，就不耽误了。
王叶忽然道：“需要药剂吗？能提升你的资质，并不妨碍你以后继续提升的。九级药剂，友情价，一瓶一枚六级魔晶。”
树雨大喜，毫不犹豫地道：“要！”
一枚六级魔晶买一瓶能提升资质还不妨碍以后提升的九级药剂，这真的是超级友情价，不买的都是傻子。
王叶当场拿出药剂，树雨也拿出魔晶交易。
树雨觉得占了王叶莫大便宜，把他储物手镯中他收藏的药植全陶出来：“我不会炼药，采集了也是拿去卖掉，这些都给你。”
王叶也没客气，见没什么太过珍贵的，就都收下了。他这次过来精灵族，本来也是想收集一些原材料。
王叶收下药植，又额外赠送了一瓶四级的培元药剂给树雨，说是送给他弟弟。
树雨高兴地直搓手，这绝对是意外之喜。
他们兄弟以前就得到王叶不少照顾，他弟现在可是族中长得最好的幼崽之一，以前打架老输，现在可强了，打遍同龄无敌手。有了这瓶培元药剂，他弟说不定能成长得比他还好。
树雨这几年显然也没浪费，一路过来，向他行礼的精灵不少。
有不少精灵好奇地打量和树雨同行的王叶，尤其好奇他肩膀上那只左顾右盼神气活现的金系小幼崽。
精灵族现在虽然和外界交流了，但极少有精灵和哪个人类的关系这么好，何况这人还是树雨，而且他还把对方带进了族地。
王叶也在打量精灵族地，他还是第一次进入这里，以前只到过无尽森海外围。
精灵族地内部能量很充裕，有山有水，有看不到头的森林草原，占地极广，就是一个完整的小世界，整体环境十分优越。
The internal energy of the elf clan is abundant, there are mountains and rivers, there are endless forests and grasslands, covering an extremely wide area, it is a complete small world, and the overall environment is very superior.
单从面积论，这个小世界就不亚于三分之一个地球面积。
In terms of area alone, this small world is no less than a third of the Earth's area.
“双月星的秘境其实就是小世界入口吧。”王叶忍不住跟雷木传音道。
"The secret realm of the Twin Moon Stars is actually the entrance to the small world." Wang Ye couldn't help but say to Lei Mu.
雷木回答：“很多人都这么说。不过也有一些秘境是截取了双月星的水土空间，然后把这个空间折叠了起来。”
Reimu replied, "A lot of people say that. However, there are also some secret realms that intercept the water and soil space of the Double Moon Star, and then fold this space. ”
王叶突发奇想：“你说当年智慧寄生虫族进入双月星，有没有带来它们原本所在的世界？就像塔塔拉族那块残余的大陆一样。”
Wang Ye suddenly thought: "You said that when the intelligent parasitic Zerg entered the Double Moon Star, did they bring their original world?" Like the remnants of the Tatara continent. ”
“这点你要问精灵族。我的传承中没有相关记载。” "You have to ask the elves about this. There is no record of this in my lineage. ”
王叶也只是随便猜猜，并没有当真。 Wang Ye just guessed casually, and didn't take it seriously.
“这里的元素分布很有意思。这里土系元素最为浓厚。”雷木传音道。
"The distribution of elements here is interesting. The earth element is most abundant here. Lei Mu said.
王叶也感知到了这点，他猜测精灵族地内部很可能形成了一个大循环，这个元素大循环就是让精灵族地能量如此充沛的重要的原因。
Wang Ye also sensed this, and he guessed that a large cycle had probably formed within the elf land, and this elemental cycle was an important reason why the energy of the elf land was so abundant.
在树雨带着王叶游览精灵族地时。 When Shuyu took Wang Ye to visit the elven land.
精灵族地内部。 The interior of the elven lands.
“带着一只金系幼崽的人类少年？那幼崽还长得特别好？少年和树雨关系很好？”收到报告的土系族长摸摸下巴，看向祭司土岳。
"A human boy with a gold-based cub? Is that cub still growing so well? The boy has a good relationship with Shuyu? The Tu clan patriarch who received the report touched his chin and looked at the priest Tuyue.
土岳脑中立刻浮现一个人影：“王叶？” A figure immediately appeared in Tuyue's mind: "Wang Ye? ”
“对方穿着陨星校服，应该就是他了。” "The other party is wearing a meteorite school uniform, it should be him."
“既然是王叶，我们要不要见见他？” "Since it's Wang Ye, should we meet him?"
王叶现在身份可不一样，不说他背后的师父们，只他本人炼制出十级药剂这一点，他就已经不亚于他的任何一位师父了，何况这位还是精通七专业的超级怪才。
Wang Ye's identity is different now, not to mention the masters behind him, just the fact that he himself has refined a tenth-level potion, he is already no less than any of his masters, not to mention that this is a super geek who is proficient in seven professions.
哪怕是精灵族，王叶这样的客人也是贵客，绝不容轻慢。
Even if it is an elf clan, a guest like Wang Ye is also a distinguished guest, and he must not be taken lightly.
土系族长沉思片刻，“见是要见的，但我想他应该会先去见大祭司，毕竟木系和他的感情更深厚，据大祭司的说法，王叶相当于拯救了整个木系精灵。”
The earth patriarch pondered for a moment, "Seeing is to see, but I think he should go to see the high priest first, after all, the wood system and his feelings are deeper, according to the high priest, Wang Ye is equivalent to saving the entire wood elves." ”
没一会儿，就有人传来树雨的口信。 After a while, someone sent a message from Shuyu.
树雨让来人告诉族长和祭司，王叶就是来拜访大祭司的，他现在正带他过去。
Shuyu asked someone to tell the patriarch and the priest that Wang Ye had come to visit the high priest and that he was taking him there now.
“果然如此。那我们就不要急着去见对方了。对了，我们这边多准备一些药植和原材料吧，那孩子学习多门专业，肯定需要大量材料。”
And so it was. Then let's not rush to see each other. By the way, let's prepare more medicinal plants and raw materials here, then the child will definitely need a lot of materials to learn multiple majors. ”
像是土系族长和祭司的对话，在其他各系也都有发生。
谁让王叶不是普通客人呢？
这位说来也是各系精灵的恩人，当年要不是他，小幼崽们就要遭殃了，王叶更向他们揭露出智慧寄生虫族的事，让他们全族都有了警惕，否则现在精灵族怎样还真难说。
更何况连大祭司木守和整个木系精灵的回归，据说也和王叶有关。
与这些相比，王叶养着一只金系小幼崽的事都不算什么了。
总之精灵族和王叶的牵扯已经不是一般两般的深，王叶已经获得精灵族的最高友谊，没有哪个精灵会慢待王叶。
王叶终于见到了大祭司。
他还不是在普通会客厅见到这位，而是被带入了族地中心。
树雨都无法进入这里，只把他送到族地中心的大树下。
这株大树也被精灵族称为生命之树，不过就跟之前在木系精灵秘境里见到的大树一样，只是一棵十级伪生命之树。
碰触大树树干，王叶和金宝得到允许，就被树干吸入内部。
“空间树。”雷木通过精神力告知王叶：“精神波动不对，有两股，似乎是空间系精灵和这株树融合了……”
过了一会儿，雷木才道：“这种融合不是逼迫，两股精神力都很安稳，而且并没有绞着，就像是两魂一体又各自安好。好处是这株树的体内空间必然极大。”
After a while, Lei Mu said: "This kind of fusion is not persecution, the two spiritual forces are very stable, and they are not twisted, just like two souls are one and each is fine." The good thing is that the internal space of this tree is bound to be huge. ”
王叶看到了这个极大的树内空间，这里应该能算得上一个小秘境了。
Wang Ye saw this huge space inside the tree, and this should be a small secret realm.
“你来了。”大祭司木守竟然就在一边的草地上等着他。
"You're here." The high priest Kimori was waiting for him on the grass on the side.
王叶连忙行礼：“大祭司好。” Wang Ye hurriedly saluted: "Good high priest." ”
木守拍拍身边开着小花的茸茸草地：“过来坐，不用拘束。”
Mu Shou patted the fluffy grass with small flowers blooming beside him: "Come and sit, don't be restrained." ”
王叶本来就是个厚脸皮的，也没客气，大大方方地就坐了过去。
Wang Ye was originally cheeky, and he was not polite, so he sat down generously.
“你的事情处理得怎么样？”木守大祭司一副闲话家常的模样。
王叶老老实实地道：“大半处理好了，但还有一些尾巴，需要等我实力更强一些后才能去解决。”
Wang Ye said honestly: "Most of them have been dealt with, but there are still some tails that need to be solved after I am stronger." ”
“如果有需要我精灵族帮忙的地方，尽管开口。”木守真心实意地道。
王叶动心，他确实想过利用虫巢把双月星一些大佬带到地球，请他们帮忙对付回归者，但他很快就打消了这个念头。
Wang Ye was tempted, he did think about using the worm nest to bring some of the big guys of the Double Moon Star to Earth and ask them to help deal with the returnees, but he quickly dispelled this idea.
如果只是开一个传送门，请一些强者过来就能解决地球的问题，创造游戏的存在又何必这么费劲？
If you just open a portal and invite some strong people to come over and solve the problems of the earth, why bother so much to create the existence of the game?
没见双月星请地球玩家过来，需要的也只是地球的知识和思想，只要游戏中止，玩家们就再也不能过来。
如今地球通过双月星，整体实力已经得到提高。 Now that the Earth has passed through the double moon star, the overall strength has been improved.
这就说明，无论是双月星还是地球，需要的不是个别的强大存在，而是需要整体实力提高。
This shows that whether it is the Twin Moon Star or the Earth, what is needed is not an individual strong existence, but an overall strength improvement.
换言之……
王叶陡然惊坐起。
地球毁灭的根本不在毁灭者，而是更多的其他东西！ It is not the destroyer who destroys the earth at all, but more other things!
这些东西必然密布了整个地球，这才导致地球需要的是整体实力提高。
These things must be dense throughout the earth, which leads to the fact that what the earth needs is an increase in overall strength.
双月星的毁灭原因极有可能是泛滥的智慧寄生虫族。 The cause of the destruction of the Twin Moon Stars is most likely due to the flood of intelligent parasites.
那么地球呢？ What about the Earth?
【魔鬼、地震、怪物、疫病、伪神、饥饿、战争、陨石，世界毁灭！】
[Devils, earthquakes, monsters, plagues, false gods, hunger, wars, meteorites, world destruction!] 】
是地球异变造成的大量变异生物，还是堕魔者？ Is it the mass mutated creatures caused by the earth's mutations, or the demon fallen?
是扩散的疫病，还是食物饥荒？ Is it a spreading disease, or is it a food famine?
抑或是陨石带来了什么可怕的东西？ Or maybe something terrible was brought about by a meteorite?
看，都没有提到回归者，所以问题就在陨石本身？或陨石中携带的东西？
Look, there is no mention of the returnees, so the question is in the meteorite itself? Or what is carried in a meteorite?
木守大祭司看向王叶：“你想到了什么？”
王叶脸色凝重：“当年双月星天降火雨，带来了智慧寄生虫族。”
“嗯，这事大家都知道。那是双重伤害，本身天降火雨就给了这个世界沉重打击，当时的生灵们好不容易在火雨下生存下来，结果又出现了寄生虫族。”木守哪怕知道他们精灵族的来历，说话也很公正。
王叶抬头，“同样的事情就要发生在我的家乡了。”
第404章 共存不可能
听到王叶的话，木守大祭司眼睛望向远方。
过了好一会儿她才说道：“毁灭，新生，周而复始。在我小时候，我经常会做一个梦，梦见无数光芒闪耀，一阵阵比雷声还要剧烈的可怕响声不断回荡，大地裂开，血红色的岩浆喷涌而出，然后就是无尽的坠落感，以及宛如被焚烧的炙热感，每次醒来我都是被烫醒的。我觉得自己就要烧着了。”
木守大祭司还淡淡笑起来：“那时候我真的点燃了自己的床铺和屋子，导致我父母还以为抱错了蛋，明明是木系却觉醒了火系的能力。”
实际上木守觉醒的是预言能力。
“现在想想，也许我经常做的这个梦就是我的祖先来到这个世界的前期过程。”
"Now that I think about it, maybe this dream I often have is the precursor to my ancestors' coming into this world."
木守转头看向王叶，她的眼睛部位巧妙地缠了一圈细细的藤蔓，看起来更像是装饰。
Mu Shou turned his head to look at Wang Ye, her eyes were cleverly wrapped around thin vines, which looked more like decoration.
“不要疏忽你的直觉，并不是非预言系的人就看不到未来，有时候经验和知识的积累也会让人们产生预判，这种预判也叫直觉。精神力强大的生灵、长期生活在危险环境中的生灵都会产生这种预判。”
"Don't neglect your intuition, it's not that people who are not prophetic can't see the future, sometimes the accumulation of experience and knowledge can also make people make predictions, which are also called intuition. Beings with strong mental strength, as well as creatures who have lived in dangerous environments for a long time, will have this kind of prediction. ”
王叶点头：“我会留意。” Wang Ye nodded: "I'll pay attention." ”
“你的家乡出了事情，想必也无法在我这里待太久。你这次来是因为上次我的委托，对吗？”
"Something happened to your hometown, and you probably won't be able to stay with me for long. You're here because of my last commission, right? ”
王叶再次点头。
木守微笑，身体原地飘起，“跟我来。”
王叶跳起来，跟上木守。
“这里不是我族圣地，只是一个囚牢。”木守突然道。
王叶挑眉：“精灵王和大祭司都被抓回来了？”
“你很聪明。不过只有现任大祭司空明被抓回来，能这么快找到他，并把他带回来，还要多亏那些蓝星群岛人，他们……很有意思，也非常热情。”木守大祭司不知道想到了什么，脸上出现了一些无奈又哭笑不得的神情。
王叶感觉到了生命之树的气息，不过现在的生命之树气息已经不像以前那么纯粹，祂已经异变了。
木守默念咒语，示意王叶跟上。
王叶感觉到自己身边似乎有能量环绕，然后穿过了什么，随后他就看到了那棵变异的生命之树。
不过这棵算得上雷木父亲也是母亲的生命之树形象大变，就见祂庞大的树冠有树枝垂下来，形成了一个囚牢。
囚牢不算小，有五十平大，里面生活设施一应俱全。
王叶也见到了精灵族最至高无上的现任大祭司。
空明似乎也已经习惯了囚牢生活，住在里面神态特别安然。
只是在看到前大祭司木守竟然带着一个人类少年进来，略微有些惊讶。
“小家伙，你来了。”生命之树非常高兴，树干上出现人脸：“雷木呢？”
王叶和生命之树行礼，又亮出手腕。
生命之树看到雷木扬起细丝，对他扬了扬树枝。
雷木先对木守大祭司道好，这才延长细丝，攀到了生命之树身上。
雷木和生命之树两个交流去了。
“你能看出他身上有什么特殊之处吗？”木守停在囚牢前，转头看王叶。
王叶略略一顿，来到空明面前。
空明表面看非常有大祭司的气质，非常飘然出尘，坐在那里甚至不像是阶下囚，面对木守和王叶很平静。
王叶放出了自己的精神力，他释放的很小心，以防万一。
在场的木守大祭司、变异的生命之树，以及现任大祭司空明，都诧异地看向王叶。
这个少年的精神力好强！
甚至比他们也不弱什么了。
空明甚至觉得自己的精神力不如对方。
木守真的太惊讶了，上次分别虽然有五六年之久，但当时王叶的精神力绝没有这么强。
他到底是怎么修炼精神力的？
还是吃了什么天材异宝？
但又有哪种宝贝能让人在短短五六年内，就让精神力连续突破三个大等级？
空明大祭司的精神力在抵抗王叶。
王叶的精神力却围绕空明大祭司一圈后，一触即回。
“他身上还有一位客人。”王叶非常确定地道。
两个精神力，另外一个也不弱，就算有意隐藏，但怎么可能逃过他的精神力扫描，对他来说，另外一个精神力就跟点亮的电灯一样明显。
“我也是这么判断的。”木守大祭司让王叶见过空明，竟然就要带王叶离开。
空明见此，反而皱起眉头，出声：“木守前大祭司，我就算已经成为阶下囚，但我现在还没有卸任我精灵族大祭司一职，您带一个外人过来见我是什么意思？羞辱我吗？”
木守却没有理睬对方。
空明再次道：“你要关我到什么时候？就算我有罪，也应该在族中公开审理，由各族族长和祭司，以及长老们一起来评判。木守前大祭司，您不觉得您的权力过大了吗？”
木守停住脚步，就静静地看着空明。
空明冷静回看。
木守却忽然笑了笑，对王叶道：“我一直以为前任精灵王已经彻底消失，没想到他还活着。嗯，应该说那只侵占了前精灵王身体的寄生虫还活着，它找到了现任精灵王，继续蛊惑他，还成功了。”
王叶好奇：“那位是怎么蛊惑现任精灵王的，竟然能让对方动心？现任精灵王让对方寄生他了吗？”
木守不答反问：“你进来时见到那颗空间树，有没有察觉它有什么特殊之处？”
“两魂一体？”王叶似乎明白了什么。
木守点头：“现任精灵王就是通过那颗空间树产生了灵感。那颗空间树本来是一名空间系精灵的战斗伙伴，从小养到大，但在和前任精灵王的战斗中，那位精灵身陨，但空间树及时收取了他的灵魂，并放到自己身体中蕴养，结果奇迹发生了。他们共同活了下来，空间树的空间能力还得到了提升。”
木守一指空明：“这位就是那位空间系精灵的儿子，感于他父亲的牺牲，以及他母族的力量，他成为了新的大祭司。”
“寄生前任精灵王的王虫找到了现任精灵王，它从寄生精灵王得到了甜头，想要继续寄生。现任精灵王已经发现它的真实身份，但在慎重考虑后，竟然还是决定和这只寄生虫共存。这是这位空明大祭司的原话。”木守面无表情道。
空明却在此时笑道：“木守，我尊敬您的付出，您的预言能力也帮助我族良多。但会预言的不止你一个，我的外公也是预言师，他看到的未来明显对我们精灵族更好，可你却因为一己之私，不愿付出也不愿大胆尝试，宁可放弃更好的未来，也要维持原样。”
王叶恍然想到木守跟他提起过，当年精灵族还有一位预言师看到的未来和她不一样。
所以现任精灵王和现任大祭司更相信那位预言师的预言？
这也不能说对方脑残，只是他们觉得自己是更激进的改革派？
空明继续说道：“我们确实已经做了一些尝试，但这些尝试让我们看到了和寄生一族共生的可能。在你带领木系走后，精灵空间又消失不见，生命之树也还幼小，我们长时间靠以前留存的生命之液孵化精灵卵，期待新生命之树成长，但这样做显然是错误的。”
“千年过去，生命之树虽然成长了，但我们的生命状态仍旧被束缚在生命之树身上，如果没有生命之液，我们的卵就无法孵化。这种被他族控制全族未来的现况，真的好吗？”
“精灵族变成现在这样，甚至要依赖生命之液才能孵化，与其说是树人族与我们的合作，不如说这就是一场树人族对外族的阴谋和控制。”
王叶：嚯，很有理。
木守也没有生气，很平静地道：“所以你们选择了和寄生族共存？”
空明：“至少它们和我们还是同源同根，而且这并不是寄生，只是共存，就像是契约战兽。它们借由我们的身体延长寿命，我们的身体可以进一步变得更加强大，另外我们还能从它们身上汲取自身孵化精灵卵的能力。”
“你又怎么能保证寄生虫族不会吃掉你的灵魂，和你一直保持共存状态？”木守无奈。
空明微笑：“我现在不就保持的很好？我身上是有一只虫子，但它只寄居在我的左手臂上。我付出的只是一支手臂……错，我的手臂还是我的，我只是得到了一个战斗伙伴，它还能不断让我的身体变强，甚至滋养我的精神力。”
“我坚信，这种共存和彼此滋养，在一两代后就会彻底改变我们精灵族的身体，让我们可以直接生育精灵，或者可以自己孵化精灵卵，而不用再依赖生命之树。更不要说我们的身体也会进化得更加优异和强大。”
王叶都想为这位空明大祭司鼓掌了，说得太好了，他听的都心动。
寄生虫族大概就是靠这招蛊惑了不少种族，当年塔塔拉族灭族的根源，不也是因为不少人就因为只要让寄生虫族寄生就能变成强大的异能者而心动？
有些不喜欢锻炼学习提升自己的塔塔拉族，甚至把融合寄生虫族当做一种变强的捷径。
现在寄生虫族只不过又给自己多增加了一个功能，那就是可以帮助精灵族改善体质，让他们能直接孵化精灵卵。
“但你们就没有想过，这种改变体质的过程，其实就已经是融合的过程，当融合完成，你觉得自己还是自己，但你真的还是你自己吗？”王叶的问题比较绕口。
但在场者都能听懂。
空明摇摇头：“你们先入为主认定寄生虫族有害，根本无法接受新的改变，所以不管我怎么说，都无法说服你们，你们的思维已经僵化了。这大概也是我们双月星的智慧种族一直无法突破十一级的原因，因为这个世界早就在天降火雨的那天改变，可大家还偏要和以前一样发展。”
木守眼睛部位被遮挡，想要观察她的表情很难。但她听了空明的辩驳，整个情绪都很平稳。
“树人族没有控制我们，生命之树成为我族的圣树，提供生命之液让我族精灵卵孵化更不是什么阴谋。而是我们的身体需要生命之液。”
空明露出冷笑。
木守与其说是在说给空明听，不如说是在解释给王叶听：“我们精灵一族是外来者，虽然我们在这个世界生存下来并发展出两支截然不同的种族，但精灵族一开始因为选择太过急切的进化方式，想要一出生就强大，想要快速成长，结果进化没成功，反而导致我们身体缺乏了某种重要元素。”
“生命之树怜悯我们，为我们提供生命之液，其实是在帮我们补充这种元素，让我们的身体在卵中能真正健康成长起来。不至于一出生就是残废或畸形儿或死胎。”
“龙族同样也需要树人族的帮助，但他们比精灵族更沉稳，他们在最初就选择顺应这个世界的弱小态出生，你们能想象那么强大的龙族，但最初诞生时比我们精灵族幼崽刚出生的模样还要弱小吗？他们的幼崽从小就需要食用龙神果，否则成长就会很不顺。”
“龙族强大，并能自己孵化龙蛋，但他们也付出了代价，那就是不易生，而且他们的成年期非常缓慢，五百年才能成年。这就是成为强大物种的代价。”
木守叹息：“但我们精灵族呢？我们的成长时间可比龙族快多了。其实我们想要脱离生命之树自己孵化精灵卵也不是不可能，只要我们的身体元素补充完整，这个世界真正接受了我们，我们就可以不用通过生命之液也能正常孵化成长。只不过这个时期会比较漫长，这是一个适应和缓慢改造的过程。”
“树人族从来没有想要控制我们，他们给予我们的只是善意的帮助，而且这份帮助还是以万年为单位计算。难道你们以为生命之树就愿意一直待在精灵族地当圣树吗？他就不想自由自在地到处走走看看吗？”
木守的精神力看见空明仍旧一副油盐不进的模样，也懒得再多说什么。
空明和现任精灵王认为他们被生命之树掐住了脖子，可选择和寄生虫族共生就是什么明智的做法了吗？
不过是贪图那份快捷和“共生”后的强大而已。
“空明，你知道寄生虫族为什么会盯上我们精灵族吗？”木守冷不丁地问。
空明皱眉，但还是回答：“因为我们同根同源。”
“对。但寄生虫族和我们精灵族同样，它们想要被这个世界接受，想要进化为更完美的生命形态，它们也缺乏某种重要元素，而它们缺乏的，正好我们精灵族拥有。”
“什么意思？你是说它们寿命短这个问题吗？”
“不是。”木守直接点明：“是它们想要掌握元素。”
空明突然闭嘴。
木守最后道：“一旦让寄生虫族掌握了我们操纵元素并能和元素同化的秘密，那它们就可以补齐所有生命形态的缺憾，长生算什么，它们可以成为这个世界最强大的物种。”
王叶听到现在，终于明白：“寄生虫族到处寄生，除了它们短命，必须寄生融合别的生命体才能延长生命以外，它们也是在不断寻找进化密码？”
木守露出笑容：“对。根据我们这几年对寄生虫族的研究，我们发现这个种族缺乏最重要的进化钥匙，不管它们如何融合其他生物，它们的后代只要生下来就是寄生虫卵。而不像我们的祖先，他们来到这里，就进化为了精灵族和龙族两个分支。”
“现在龙族几乎看不到，它们就想寄生精灵族，想要找到它们为何不能彻底改变生命形态的原因，更想通过融合吸收我们精灵族，成长为另一个更强大更优秀的智慧种族。”
王叶打了个响指：“我懂了，寄生虫族这是既不想丢掉寄生的能力，但也不想一出生就固定为短命的寄生虫。”
可惜他们说得再多，也无法让被寄生虫族洗脑的空明醒悟过来，他甚至说出：“就因为我们两族都有缺陷，所以我们才更应该共存，互相弥补，这样未来两族都能成为更优秀的种族。”
王叶特别想甩他一块砖头：“兄台，我能理解你的想法，真的。但你被忽悠得太厉害了，木守大祭司都已经说得那么明白了，你们精灵族和寄生虫族就不是共存的关系，而是养料和捕食者的关系。幸好这种关系可以互换，但你和精灵王现在不说干掉寄生虫族，用它们的尸体来滋养你们，却打算舍出自己的身体去滋养对方？你……真的确定这是你自己原本的想法吗？”
空明……坚持不动摇。
王叶：“干掉吧，没必要留着了。”
木守大祭司莞尔。
第405章 任务链
“竟然会有精灵族认为他们被树人族控制，被生命之树掐住了孵化的关键？”王叶摇头，很是为树人族和生命之树不值。
“精灵族在双月星都生存多久了？这不是几千年，而是几万年了吧？生命之树要有多傻，才会一代代给树人族提供生命之液，帮他们孕育后代，而他们的目的只是为了不让精灵族进化出自己孵化幼崽的能力？”
“这样的长期控制，还不如直接灭掉精灵族更省事。”
木守大祭司也轻叹：“明智的精灵都会感激生命之树的付出，实际上我们和生命之树的关系也是共生，就像是寄生虫族和虫巢，但因为生命之树拥有智慧，加上千年前生命之树选择和我离开，让精灵们第一次知道原来生命之树还可以抛弃他们，他们恐慌了、害怕了，尽心尽力培养新生命之树的同时，也想要脱离生命之树。”
王叶只要想到他家木木也是生命之树的变种，他就很不爽：“我衷心祝愿精灵族能脱离生命之树，自己生育自己孵化，给生命之树自由。”
木守大祭司笑，她完全能理解王叶的愤怒。
“其实我有时也会想，他们既然这么想要和寄生虫族共生，那就放想要共生的精灵离开好了。”
“好主意！”这样他斩杀起来也不会顾忌这顾忌那了，想必地球玩家们也会很高兴能多一个红名种族供他们赚经验值。
王叶这次过来就是为了完成给精灵族除虫的任务链。
虽然这条任务链他有可能无法全部完成，但能做一些是一些，好歹也能赚一些经验值。
现在所有玩家也都发现，就算在开启百级之前，他们的经验值其实也一直在积累和变动。
如今有了百级和开新地图这两个目标，大家做任务的热情就又冒出来了。
原先有些人达到九十九级以后，就不太愿意去做复杂的任务，尤其能达到九十九级的玩家基本都得到了自己的传承，对王叶给出的悬赏就不是那么动心。
很多九十九级玩家都在找虫巢，他们太想要一个能自我成长、还能放活物的空间了。
王叶眼珠一转，在搜捕精灵王和大祭司的任务链中又增加了一条新的通知。
【亲爱的诸位玩家，经过大家的不懈努力，终于找到了外逃的大祭司，并把他送回了精灵族地。精灵族前任大祭司木守忠心感谢诸位玩家的付出。可经过检查和询问，精灵族赫然发现，他们的王和大祭司之所以外逃，是因为他们竟然被智慧寄生虫族寄生了。】
【寻找精灵王和大祭司任务链任务更新！请找到疑似被虫王寄生的精灵王，把他送回精灵族，生死不论。请做任务的玩家千万小心不要被寄生。】
任务确认，发出。王叶就不管后续了。
但玩家收到这两条世界任务讯息，好多反应快的人第一时间就接下了任务。
疑似被王虫寄生？
王虫=虫巢，虫巢=能成长的空间。
还等什么？当然是赶紧去找精灵王啊！
以前大家想要找虫王，都苦于找不到。
据说有人发现一对贵族母子有可能是虫母和虫王，现在把人追得上天入地。
可就那么两个人，僧多粥少，为了抢怪（抢空间），玩家往往自己内部先打起来。
要不是这样，那对母子早就被拿下了。
好在现在终于又有了一个明确消息，又一个虫巢出现了！
现在不去找，更待何时？
无尽森海外的小镇，好多精灵就发现刚才还在和他们各种搭讪的男女老少好多人突然转头就跑，还有人一边跑一边喊人。
发生了什么事？
好像和精灵王有关？
这些蓝星群岛人又找到精灵王的踪迹了吗？
玩家们：现在还没找到，但我们很快就会找到哒。精灵王，我们来了~！
精灵王：你们别来！我不想见到你们！
实际上，精灵王现在正和一个高富帅玩家说话。
这里是个秘密聚会地点，精灵王是被邀请者，有人联系到他，表示想要和他共襄盛举。
什么盛举？ What grand event?
就是对世界势力的重新划分。 It is a redivision of world power.
精灵王现在相当于被精灵族通缉中，他需要新的地盘，也需要新的人手。
The Elven King is now wanted, and he needs a new territory and new manpower.
和他共生的前精灵王告诉他：不用担心没有人手，没有精灵，他还有古虫卵，而他恰巧知道哪里有一批还没孵化的古虫卵。
The former elven king who lived with him told him that he didn't have to worry about no manpower, no elves, he still had ancient worm eggs, and he happened to know where there was a batch of ancient worm eggs that had not yet hatched.
他们可以孵化这批古虫卵，利用这批古虫卵先寄生一部分智慧种族，对于这部分智慧种族，就没必要和他们共存了，可以彻底寄生把他们当做先头部队。
They can hatch these ancient insect eggs, and use these ancient insect eggs to parasitize a part of the intelligent race first, for this part of the intelligent race, there is no need to coexist with them, and they can be completely parasitized and regarded as the vanguard.
而部队肯定需要地盘发展，寄生虫也需要有生命体给它们寄生。
And the troops definitely need turf development, and the parasites also need to have living organisms to parasitize them.
所以精灵王来了，高傲的他坚决认定自己做的都是正确的，他是少数真理。而现在他所做的一切，都是为了让精灵族变得更好。
So the elven king came, and he was arrogant and determined that what he did was right, and that he was one of the few truths. And now everything he does is to make the elves better.
他甚至觉得，如果能利用寄生虫族寄生别的种族，给精灵族创造一批打手，那也是极好的。
He even felt that it would be excellent if he could use the parasites to parasitize other races and create a group of thugs for the elves.
而那位高富帅玩家，不仅高富帅，他还特别聪明有才华。
And that rich and handsome player, not only rich and handsome, but also very smart and talented.
这位的野心很大，只不过他还年轻，在现实世界很多事情也不好施展，于是他把这个类似于第二世界的双月星当做了他的野心实践地。
This one has great ambitions, but he is still young, and many things in the real world are not easy to perform, so he uses this double moon star, which is similar to the second world, as a place for his ambition to practice.
他利用他的钞能力和他本身的才华，建立了一个帮会，并在短短两三年的时间内，就拿下了一个小国家。
因为他拿出的热武器威力不下于魔法武器，周边的国家都不敢轻易招惹他。
不久，他就打入四大上国的上层，成为那些国主的座上宾。
当他表示出想要扩大地盘的意愿，并愿意做一些高级武器和粮食的交易时，他被邀请参加了这次聚会。
这位玩家见到精灵王时，就被对方的俊美给击中。
精灵王很高傲，他不想理睬任何人。他身边带着四名高大的精灵战士，这也是他的死忠，当然也被寄生了。有谁靠近他，这四位战士就会挡住谁。
精灵王还是稍微遮掩了一下自己的身份，实际上请他来的那位非常清楚他到底是谁。
但因为有前精灵王作保，这位现任精灵王才放下顾忌过来参加会议。
高富帅的交际手段非常高，他有意和俊美的精灵王结交。
而精灵王则看中了高富帅的地盘和人手，他想把这个高富帅的国家变成他的打手。
高富帅一开始只是迷恋美色，但就在此时他收到了新的世界任务。
精灵王被虫王寄生？身上有可能带有虫巢？
高富帅脑子瞬间清醒。比起看美男，他更想要一个可以成长的随身空间！
而眼前的俊美男子，他的身份来历……
高富帅为了早日打入双月星高层，他收集了很多势力头头脑脑的信息，他的帮会情报工作做得非常好。
精灵王的相貌没有被传出来，但他知道很多精灵族的特征。
而且他可以用排除法，其他人都不是，那么就只有少数几个他无法收集到信息的存在，再根据容貌、身高、气质、能力等来分析，又可以把猜测对象进一步缩小。
高富帅露出了热情但不失稳重的笑容，对精灵王做出了邀请。表示他看中了一块土地，想要和精灵王一起合作打下来，到时候奴隶和土地都能平分。
精灵王觉得此人态度甚好，风度和气质也绝佳，总之很符合他的审美和喜好，他也愿意和这样的贵族合作，就做出无可无不可的模样，同意了。
再说王叶这边。 Let's talk about Wang Ye's side.
王叶主动和木守大祭司提出：“我可以帮你们快速分辨谁有没有被寄生。”
Wang Ye took the initiative to propose to the high priest of Mu Shou: "I can help you quickly distinguish who is parasitic or not. ”
木守感激：“谢谢，虽然我们也通过瘤背怪掌握了一些分辨方法，并且已经在族中做过几次普查。不过如果你能再帮我们筛一遍高层和幼崽，那最好。”
Mu Shou was grateful: "Thank you, although we have also learned some ways to distinguish through the tumorback monsters, and have already done a few censuses in the clan. But if you can help us sift through the upper levels and cubs again, that's great. ”
随即木守就召集精灵族高层，表面上说是为处理空明大祭司对他进行公审，实际上就是请王叶帮他确认。
Immediately, Mu Shou summoned the high-level of the elf clan, ostensibly to deal with the high priest of Kongming to conduct a public trial on him, but in fact, he asked Wang Ye to help him confirm.
木守为了一次性解决所有麻烦，她要求所有避世的长老，还有返祖精灵全都出席参加这次公审。
In order to solve all the troubles at once, Mu Shou asked all the elders who had escaped from the world, as well as the atavistic elves, to attend the public trial.
空明听说自己终于要被公审，他不但不害怕，反而来了精神，他跟木守说，他要求自辨。
When Sora Ming heard that he was finally going to be put on trial, not only was he not afraid, but he came to his senses, and he told Mu Shou that he asked for self-defense.
木守同意。 Kimori agreed.
她不同意也不行。空明身份太高，她根本不可能随意处死对方，公审是必然，让空明开口说话也是必须。
She doesn't agree. Kong Ming's status is too high, it is impossible for her to execute the other party at will, public trial is inevitable, and it is also necessary to let Kong Ming speak.
不过只要到时候有六成以上的精灵投票废除空明的大祭司身份，接下来的事情就简单了。
However, as long as more than sixty percent of the elves vote to abolish the high priesthood of Kongming by then, the next thing will be simple.
但木守多少还是有些担心，精灵王和大祭司都能被忽悠住，更何况其他精灵，因为另一位预言者的预言，族中其实有不少精灵都赞同和寄生虫族“共生”。
But Mu Shou is still a little worried, the elf king and the high priest can be fooled, not to mention the other elves, because of the prophecy of another prophet, there are actually many elves in the clan who agree to "coexist" with the parasitic zerg.
要不是木系精灵强势回归，现任精灵王和大祭司恐惧木守和生命之树的实力，怕他们一回来就干掉他们，而匆忙逃跑的话，现在族中怎样，真的很难说。
If it weren't for the strong return of the wood elves, the current elf king and high priest were afraid of the strength of Mu Shou and the Tree of Life, fearing that they would kill them as soon as they returned, and fled in a hurry, it was really difficult to say what would happen to the clan now.
生命之树从地里拔出自己的根，带着囚笼向审判厅行去。
The tree of life plucked its roots out of the ground and went to the judgment hall with its cage.
小光在犹豫，她已经和王叶契约九年，这么长时间下来，与其说她把王叶当主人，不如说是当家人在相处，只不过她认可王叶这个大家长的地位。
Xiaoguang is hesitating, she has been in a contract with Wang Ye for nine years, after such a long time, it is not so much that she regards Wang Ye as the master, but as a family member, but she recognizes Wang Ye's status as the patriarch.
她会这么看王叶，自然也是因为王叶把她和她的虫群也是当家人看。
She would look at Wang Ye like this, naturally because Wang Ye regarded her and her insect swarm as family.
可以说直到现在，王叶从没有对它们有消耗性过大的战斗，反而对它们都珍惜异常，谁受伤都会立刻救，死掉一只更是比她还心疼。
It can be said that until now, Wang Ye has never fought against them too much, but cherishes them all, and whoever is injured will be saved immediately, and the death of one is even more distressing than her.
就是她培养的几个下属，需要资源良多，王叶能提供的也全都提供了。
is that the few subordinates she has cultivated need a lot of resources, and Wang Ye can provide all of them.
就算她带着子民待在寄生虫族，也不会碰到这么好的王。
Even if she stayed in the Parasitic Clan with her people, she would never have met such a good king.
是的，王叶就是她认可的王。 Yes, Wang Ye is the king she recognizes.
“咿咿！”小光呼唤王叶，示意她有话说。 "Babble!" Xiaoguang called out to Wang Ye and signaled that she had something to say.
王叶就把注意力放到了小光身上。 Wang Ye paid attention to Xiao Guang.
小光没从虫巢出去，就在里面说道：“在上上次我晋级的时候，我就发现，寄生虫族可以不用寄生也能存活。只不过不寄生，靠自己活下去，还要改变生命形态，延长自己的寿命，就得像我一样不断晋级，还得有虫巢辅助。另外母虫的生育能力会大大降低，因为大量能量都需要用来提升自身。”
Xiaoguang didn't get out of the hive, so he said inside: "The last time I was promoted, I found that the parasitic zerg can survive without parasitism. It's just that if you don't parasitize, you have to live on your own, and you have to change your life form and prolong your lifespan, so you have to keep advancing like me, and you have to have the assistance of a hive. In addition, the fertility of the female worm will be greatly reduced, because a lot of energy needs to be used to improve itself. ”
王叶眯眼，用精神力回复：“你是想说？” Wang Ye squinted his eyes and replied with his spiritual power: "You want to say?" ”
“咿！它们懒。你知道它们为什么叫寄生虫吗，因为这就是种族特性。”小光显然已经把自己从寄生虫一族中划分出去。
"Bah! They're lazy. Do you know why they are called parasites, because that's the racial trait. "Xiaoguang has clearly separated himself from the parasite family.
它们浮游光虫养殖、打仗、产虫蜜，抚育宝宝培养后虫，还会种花种草，不要太勤快。
They planktonic light insect breeding, fighting, producing insect honey, raising babies and cultivating insects, and planting flowers and grasses, not too diligent.
“寄生虫的懒惰就在于它们知道可以靠自己晋级，但因为晋级的可能性大约是十分之一，甚至更低一些，而且过程痛苦，它们才不愿走这条路。”
"The laziness of parasites is that they know they can make the cut on their own, but because the probability of making the cut is about 1 in 10 or even less, and the process is painful, they don't want to go down this path."
小光索性承认：“如果没有你给我提供的大量资源，我和我的孩儿们不可能升级这么快。你和虫巢相当于帮我们降低了百分之八十的晋级危险，我们只要承担两成。而我们浮游光虫原本就是战虫一族，性格坚毅，我们也愿意承担晋级的危险。”
Xiaoguang simply admitted: "If it weren't for the huge resources you provided me, my children and I would not have been able to upgrade so quickly. You and the Hive have helped us reduce the risk of promotion by eighty percent, and we only need to bear twenty percent. And we planktonic light insects are originally a clan of war insects, with a resolute personality, and we are also willing to bear the danger of advancement. ”
“但其他虫就难说了，我们浮游光虫会被从战虫打压到农民虫，也和我们的性情有关，在古早以前，我们浮游光虫的祖先选择了自我进化这条路，还在寄生虫族中掀起动乱，但最后我的祖先失败，就彻底失去了战虫的崇高地位，王虫和虫母担心我们叛变，也担心我们蛊惑其他虫，就把浮游光虫一系彻底打压下去。”
"But other insects are difficult to say, our planktonic light insects will be suppressed from war insects to peasant insects, and it is also related to our temperament, in ancient times, our ancestors of planktonic light insects chose the path of self-evolution, and also caused turmoil among the parasitic insects, but in the end, my ancestors failed, and completely lost the noble status of war insects, and the king insect and the insect mother were worried that we would rebel, and they were also worried that we would bewitch other insects, so they completely suppressed the planktonic light insect lineage."
王叶不解：“我以为它们是想通过寄生精灵族和其他智慧种族，来改变自己的基因，让自己成为更强大物种。”
Wang Ye was puzzled: "I thought they wanted to change their genes and make themselves a more powerful species by parasitic elves and other intelligent races. ”
小光把它从传承记忆中看到的部分内容说出：“以前寄生虫族也曾寄生很多高智慧种族，或者身体特别强壮的种族，但它们为什么还是现在这副弱小虫子的模样？”
Xiaoguang said part of what he saw from his inherited memory: "In the past, parasitic zergs also parasitized many high-intelligence races, or races with particularly strong bodies, but why do they still look like weak bugs now? ”
“就因为它们每次寄生一个种族，又不懂得养殖……它们也不敢搞智慧种族养殖，害怕被反噬。最后结果就是它们把一个世界的所有生灵都寄生完了，而它们用那些生灵变异后的身体生下的还是寄生虫卵。没有智慧生物，它们就只能养殖普通生物，让后代来寄生。”
"Because they parasitize one race at a time, and they don't know how to breed...... They also do not dare to engage in intelligent breeding, for fear of being counterattacked. The end result is that they parasitize all the creatures in a world, and the eggs they give birth to from the mutated bodies of those creatures are still parasite eggs. Without intelligent creatures, they can only breed ordinary creatures for their offspring to parasitize. ”
“可这样的后代极为糟糕，一旦最顶层的王虫和虫母死去，下面的就会一代比一代差。当全世界都没有生灵供它们寄生时，它们只能让新的虫卵去往别的世界。”
"But such offspring are extremely bad, once the king worm and the worm mother at the top die, the lower ones will get worse from generation to generation. When there are no living creatures left in the world for them to parasitize, they can only let new eggs go to other worlds. ”
“如果王虫和虫母不想死，它们就会在被寄生体的生命期限到来前，脱离被寄生体，再次卵化，好去寻找其他生命世界。”
"If the king worm and the mother worm do not want to die, they will break away from the parasite before the life limit of the parasite expires, and eggify again, so that they can find other life worlds."
“而且因为它们都习惯了寄生的方式，在寄生成功后，它们的身体和被寄生体融合，会产生一次所谓的进化，但也就是这样，这就是顶端，出道即巅峰。当被寄生体的意识消失，它们不会想要再继续修炼，而是渴望再去寄生更强大的种族。”
"And because they are all used to the way of parasitism, after the parasitism is successful, their bodies and the parasitized will merge, and there will be a so-called evolution, but that's it, this is the top, and the debut is the peak. When the consciousness of the parasitic disappears, they will not want to continue cultivating, but will desire to parasitize more powerful races. ”
“简而言之，寄生虫族就是一群喜欢掠取他人成果，但自己不想努力的典型。它们只会灭绝种族，绝不会创造出新的种族。”
"In short, parasites are a group of people who like to plunder the fruits of others, but don't want to work on themselves. They will only exterminate the genocide and will never create new races. ”
“就算它们现在和精灵族融合，和双月星各种族融合，然后出现了看起来好像更厉害的智慧种族，实际上有变化的只有这一代！”
"Even if they now merge with the elven race, and merge with the various races of the Twin Moon Stars, and then there are intelligent races that seem to be more powerful, in fact, only this generation has changed!"
王叶终于听明白了，“有个问题，难道它们不能选择让后代寄生已经变异的被寄生体，进行二次寄生吗？”
Wang Ye finally understood, "There is a question, can't they choose to let their offspring parasitize the mutated parasite for secondary parasitism?" ”
小光冷笑：“作为兄弟姐妹的有几个愿意贡献自己的生命来成全自己其他兄弟姐妹？就是父母又有几个？谁不想活得更长？”
Xiaoguang sneered: "As brothers and sisters, how many of you are willing to sacrifice your life to fulfill your other brothers and sisters?" How many parents are there? Who doesn't want to live longer? ”
王叶摇头：“它们既然变异了，为什么不肯继续修炼下去？寄生虫族在和智慧种族融合后，明明表现得很聪明，精神力也很高。”
Wang Ye shook his head: "Since they have mutated, why don't they continue to cultivate?" After fusing with the intelligent race, the parasite is obviously very intelligent and has a high mental power. ”
小光叹息：“种族局限性。就像人类，日子过好了，就懒得再奋斗只想享受一样。”
Xiaoguang sighed: "Racial limitations. Just like human beings, when life is good, they are too lazy to struggle anymore and just want to enjoy it. ”
王叶竖起手指：“最后一个问题，为什么寄生虫族不选择成为其他智慧生物的契约战斗伙伴，就像你我一样。这样说不定可以真的共存。”
Wang Ye raised his fingers: "Last question, why don't the parasitic zergs choose to become contract combat partners of other intelligent beings, just like you and me." In this way, we may be able to coexist. ”
“因为王虫不允许，你忘了虫族的特性，所有寄生虫族都是受王虫控制，没有王虫，就需要听虫母的。而你就是我们的王虫，还是拥有虫巢的王虫。寄生虫族没有虫巢的辅助，想要晋级非常困难。”
"Because the king worm is not allowed, you forget the characteristics of the Zerg, all parasitic worms are controlled by the king worm, and if there is no king worm, you need to listen to the worm mother. And you are our king worm, or the king worm with the hive. Parasites do not have the support of hives, and it is very difficult to advance. ”
小光最后总结：“所以你我的例子只是个例，不能当做普遍情况来看。”
Xiaoguang finally concluded: "So the examples of you and me are just individual cases, and they cannot be regarded as general situations. ”
“咿！差点忘了说最重要的事，那个傻瓜精灵身体中的是虫母，他相信寄生虫族的忽悠也就算了，但他选谁不好，竟然选择虫母和他共存？”小光作为曾是寄生虫族的一员，都感到不可思议。
"Bah! I almost forgot to say the most important thing, the fool elf in his body is the worm mother, he believes that the parasite Zerg's fool is okay, but who does he choose is not good, he actually chooses the worm mother to coexist with him? "As a member of the parasitic tribe, Xiaoguang felt incredible.
“虫母的能力就是生育，在有王虫在的情况下，它唯一的作用就是诞育各系母虫。所以这个大傻子是想不断生育虫卵吗？”
"The ability of the mother worm is to give birth, and in the presence of the king worm, its only role is to give birth to various lines of female worms. So is this big fool trying to keep giving birth to eggs? ”
王叶：“我怀疑他自己可能不清楚这点？” Wang Ye: "I suspect he may not know this?" ”
“不说那大傻子了。虫母就快要把这个大祭司的身体全部融合，等它发现自己不能离开，它就会在大傻子体内产卵，然后孵化所有能孵化的虫子，再混在这些虫子中逃出去。”小光提醒。
"Don't talk about that big fool. The mother worm is about to fuse the high priest's body, and when it finds that it cannot leave, it will lay eggs in the body of the great fool, and then hatch all the worms that can hatch, and then mix in the bugs to escape. Xiaoguang reminded.
王叶摸摸下巴，转头就和木守大祭司精神传音。 Wang Ye touched his chin, turned his head and communicated with the spirit of the high priest of Mu Shou.
这其实也是一个好机会，让精灵们看看和寄生虫共生到底会有什么下场。
It's actually a good opportunity for the elves to see what happens to symbiosis with parasites.
第406章 真不是有意的 Chapter 406: It Really Didn't Mean It
王叶作为唯一一个外人，受到了万众瞩目。 Wang Ye, as the only outsider, has attracted much attention.
当然啦，来的精灵没有上万那么多，数量约莫就三百不到。
Of course, there are not as many elves as there are tens of thousands, and the number is less than 300.
这些精灵也相当于是精灵族的最高武力和握有权力最多者。
These elves are also equivalent to the highest force and the most powerful of the elves.
王叶忍不住感叹，如果这时候对着这里放一个核弹，精灵族恐怕就要再次闭关锁境萎靡很长一段时间。
Wang Ye couldn't help but sigh, if a nuclear bomb was put on this place at this time, the elven clan would probably have to retreat again and languish for a long time.
就是核弹恐怕没用，术法世界到了九级以上就能抵抗辐射伤害，而精灵族地有着大型魔法阵，可以抵御和收敛大爆炸爆发出来的能量。
Even if the nuclear bomb is probably useless, the magic world can resist radiation damage when it reaches level nine or above, and the elven clan has a large magic array, which can resist and converge the energy that erupts from the big bang.
除非到了琉光那个级别，他全力释放出的辐射相当于十级甚至十级以上的禁咒魔法，可以对双月星的顶尖大佬造成相当危害，甚至连阵法都能腐蚀。
Unless he reaches the level of Liuguang, the radiation he releases with all his strength is equivalent to a forbidden spell magic of level ten or even above ten, which can cause considerable harm to the top bosses of the Double Moon Star, and even the formation can be corroded.
另外万年前翱元王国留在海底的那处传承石碑宫殿，连同那里的海水，如果转移到这里，精灵族不说全完，至少也会毁灭大半，剩下的后代恐怕全都得变异。
In addition, the inheritance stele palace left by the Aoyuan Kingdom at the bottom of the sea 10,000 years ago, together with the sea water there, if it is transferred here, if the elf race is not completely finished, at least most of it will be destroyed, and the remaining descendants will probably all have to mutate.
只能说古人比现代人还会玩，他们搞出来的禁咒魔法，其威力比地球现在最大当量的核弹还要强，同样危害性也足够大、还足够长久。
It can only be said that the ancients can play better than modern people, and the forbidden spells they have made are more powerful than the earth's current maximum yield nuclear bomb, and they are also harmful enough and long-lasting.
要不然万年前的地球超凡者都快跑光了呢。 Otherwise, the transcendents of the earth 10,000 years ago would be running out.
没有很多能量吸收，还得扛辐射，谁想留下受这个罪？ Without a lot of energy absorption, and having to carry radiation, who wants to stay and suffer this sin?
王叶脑子里想着杂七杂八的事情，另一边公审会也要开始。
Wang Ye was thinking about miscellaneous things in his mind, and the public trial meeting on the other side was about to start.
木守并没有坐在首位，原本属于精灵王和大祭司的位置都空了出来。
Kimori did not sit in the first place, and the positions that originally belonged to the Elven King and the High Priest were vacant.
木守一上来就介绍了王叶的身份，并明明白白说出王叶对精灵族的各种帮助。
As soon as Mu Shou came up, he introduced Wang Ye's identity, and clearly said Wang Ye's various help to the elf clan.
精灵族虽然感激王叶的帮忙，但很反感他出现在这样的重要场合，这可是精灵族内部的审判，被审判者还是精灵族最高的大祭司，一个外人坐在这里算什么？
Although the elves are grateful for Wang Ye's help, they are very disgusted that he appeared on such an important occasion, this is the internal judgment of the elves, and the judge is still the highest high priest of the elves, what is an outsider sitting here?
但前任大祭司木守和老生命之树都坚持，说他们需要第三方的见证。
But both the former High Priest Kimori and the Old Tree of Life insisted, saying that they needed the witness of a third party.
比起请别人过来，王叶更让精灵族放心。 Compared with inviting others over, Wang Ye reassured the elf clan even more.
土系祭司土岳轻咳一声：“如此大事，有第三方见证也好，证明我精灵族坦荡公证，免得将来寄生虫族形成大乱，外面其他智慧种族向我们泼黑水。”
Tu Yue, the earth priest, coughed lightly: "For such a big event, it is good to have a third-party witness to prove that my elf clan is frank and notal, so as not to cause a big chaos in the parasite in the future, and other intelligent races outside will pour black water on us." ”
火系祭司火熠也轻笑道：“还有比王叶更合适的见证者吗？他是金宝的抚育者，帮助拯救过我们精灵族的幼崽，之后更帮助了整个木系精灵灭虫，他很早以前就得到了我们精灵族的友谊，说是半个精灵族也不为过。”
木系族长在其他人开口前，颔首：“我们确实需要见证者，不说其他，王叶作为最新的圣级炼药大师，更有其他六专业九级的实力，他完全有资格成为见证者。”
“附议。”金系祭司竟然也举手了。
随后其他各系族长和祭司竟然纷纷附议，他们甚至对王叶露出了友好笑容。尤其木系的与会者，看到王叶更是无比热情。
这让其他老长老和一些自封高等精灵的返祖精灵们很是惊讶，这个人类在精灵族竟然有这么高的人气？
“最重要的是，王叶不止是见证，他还可以治疗被寄生的精灵，只要那精灵的自我意识还在，他就能驱逐寄生虫，救回对方。”木守沉声道。
众精灵有震惊的，也有露出果然如此表情的。
空明大祭司最为惊讶，他怔怔地看了王叶好一会儿。
但他随即就告诉自己：他没有错，他选择的道路是对的！那是共生，不是寄生，他没有必要让王叶驱逐他身体中的伙伴，而且谁知道对方是不是木守安排的后手，准备暗中对他做些什么。
But then he told himself: he was not wrong, he had chosen the right path! It was symbiosis, not parasitism, there was no need for him to let Wang Ye expel the partner in his body, and who knew if the other party was the back hand arranged by Mu Shou, ready to do something to him secretly.
虫母：“对对对，他们绝对有阴谋，那人类绝不是好东西，人类在欺骗精灵族，木守和其他精灵都上当了，还好你清醒，请坚持下去。”
Worm Mother: "Yes, yes, they definitely have a conspiracy, that human race is by no means a good thing, humans are deceiving the elves, Mu Shou and other elves have been fooled, fortunately you are sober, please persevere." ”
空明再次坚定了信心。 Kong Ming once again strengthened his confidence.
木守精神力一直在盯着空明，见他如此，不由暗中叹息一声，这位是真的没救了。
Mu Shou's spiritual power has been staring at Kong Ming, and when he saw him like this, he couldn't help but sigh secretly, this one is really hopeless.
之后的公审过程，对于王叶来说还算精彩，至少没让他打瞌睡。
The subsequent public trial process was quite exciting for Wang Ye, at least it didn't make him doze off.
精灵族组成了十二精灵的审问团，他们提问，让现任大祭司空明回答。
有趣的是，每次空明回答过后，作为审判长的木守就会询问在场所有精灵，问他们谁认可空明的辩论，然后让他们坐到左侧。觉得可接受可不接受的，坐到中间。觉得无法接受的，就坐到右边。
精灵们也比较直，只要不是心机深沉之辈，都会直接表达自己的想法。
所以公审过程中，左中右三片席位上的精灵数量一直在变动。
真的有精灵选择支持空明。他们还昂着头，并无羞愧或走偏路的不理智表情，相反他们真的认真思考过，觉得现任精灵王和大祭司空明的改革可以接受也可以尝试。
坐在反对一侧的精灵也没有对支持的精灵破口大骂，他们也很冷静。
而坐在最中间的精灵数量最多。
王叶注意到，支持空明的精灵年龄出现两极分化，要么就是年龄很大的长老和比较年长的返祖精灵，要么就是年代一代，还大多是返祖精灵中的年轻一代。
反对的精灵反而是现阶段精灵族的最高领导层，也就是各族族长和祭司，以及木系的全部高层。
觉得精灵王和大祭司的行为有点过激，但罪不至死，他们既能接受改革，也能维持原状的精灵反倒是年轻精灵居多。
被审判的空明一直在注意整个公审厅的精灵站位变化，他最注意的是精灵守卫，其次才是现场的精灵们。
眼见现场的精灵们位置动来动去，每次都会转移大家的注意力。
空明正在脑中和自己的共生者对话，他表示：“看，我们还是有机会，族里支持我们的精灵不少，只要我们让他们见识到……你在做什么？”
对虫子变化极为敏感的王叶迅速对木守传音：“开始了。”
虫母生出的第一批虫卵全是隐身虫，它利用空明的身体能量快速孵化这些虫卵，为了扰乱精灵族的耳目，为了自己也能混在这些虫子中逃出去，它一口气生出了不下五百只的虫子，还把它们全部在同一时间孵化了。
空明的身体在所有精灵的目视下，变成了骷髅，真正皮包骨头。
空明这时竟然对着木守和审判团喊道：“你们对我做了什么？”
木守和审判团的精灵们：“……”
王叶不得不大声提醒：“虫子出来了，是隐身虫！大家小心！”
在场的精灵基本上都是精灵族的强者，他们对付这些刚出生的弱小虫子完全不是问题，但虫母在这时候选择诞育这些隐身虫，这些隐身虫自然有它们独到的优点。
它们的隐身非肉眼也非精神力可以察觉，是真正敛息敛精神力到近乎于零的程度。
而且这些隐身虫的目的也不是寄生，而是往外逃。
只有倒霉地被无意拦截住的隐身虫才会不得不往精灵身体中钻，想要寄生他们。
可这些精灵并没有因此大乱，相反他们的应对非常迅速也非常地道。
包括精灵守卫在内，他们第一时间就堵紧门窗。
防护魔法阵更是第一时间启动，这个魔法阵可不只是防止外面的敌人攻打进来，同样也防止里面的东西出去。
以木守为首的一干木系精灵已经扩散精神力在寻找那些孵化的寄生虫。
“小叶子，麻烦你了！”木守呼喊。
这时候比起面子，当然是最快速度解决麻烦才好。
木守控制住了空明。
王叶拿出二胡，弓弦一拉，乐声传出的同时，【自投罗网】和【纠缠不清】已经同时使出。
看不见的因果线纷纷射出，缠绕住那一只只隐形虫，拉住。
随即一朵又一朵小火花爆开，还挺漂亮。
这就是火系攻击术法【象齿焚身】。
“我好像被寄生了，那虫子钻进了我的身体，我无法驱逐。”有精灵大声喊道。
王叶迅速来到这名精灵身边，伸手：“相信我吗？”
该精灵正好是木系精灵，二话不说，就把自己的手腕伸出去。
王叶握住对方手腕，同样还是自投罗网和纠缠不清，缠住那只寄生的隐身虫就往外拉。
那虫子都还没来得及和该精灵融合。
虫子被因果线拉出该精灵手腕。
刺啦，一朵火花冒出，隐身虫死得灰都不剩。
其他围观的精灵：就这么简单把寄生虫解决了？
但那名木精灵当场就道：“没有了，我能感觉得到，进入我身体的东西被清除了，谢谢！”
王叶笑笑，松开手腕。
另一头已经有其他精灵恳请王叶帮忙。
从虫母孵化隐身虫卵，它跟着虫卵一起出逃，再到王叶抓住那些隐身虫全部烧死，整个过程还不到一分钟。
也必须得快，否则让任何一只寄生虫跑出去都麻烦。
数分钟后，整个审判厅都安静下来，精灵们有秩序地搜查着整个大厅，防止有漏网之鱼。
而自感自己被寄生的精灵则排队等待王叶检查和施救。
这时候共生不共生的先放一边。
他们精灵族又不是混不下去的失败者，需要靠寄生虫来改变自身和掌握力量，何况不请自来的“客人”谁都不会喜欢。
哪怕有寄生的虫子拼命跟被寄生的精灵说，它不会伤害他，它只是寻求共生的机会。
但在场的精灵都很现实，包括支持空明大祭司的那一部分精灵：想共生可以，至少要是在获得我们同意的基础上吧？就这么直接闯进来说要跟我共生？那我也只会把你当敌人，先把不速之客赶出去再说。
期间空明大祭司在连续质问木守几遍后，闭嘴了。不知道是能量消耗过多支持不下去，还是终于认清了现实。
王叶索性借口检查隐身虫寄生的情况，把在场所有精灵都检查了一遍。
Wang Ye simply used the excuse of checking the parasitism of the invisibility worm and checked all the elves present.
最后确定，除了空明，没有任何一名精灵被寄生。 In the end, it was determined that none of the elves were parasitized, except for Kong Ming.
一名头发雪白的长老忽然站起，走到空明身边，对木守行礼后，塞给空明一块魔晶。
A snow-white elder suddenly stood up, walked to Kong Ming's side, saluted Mu Shou, and stuffed Kong Ming with a magic crystal.
“吸收它，否则你就要死了。” "Absorb it, or you're going to die."
木守没有阻止，她认识这位长老。 Kimori didn't stop her, she knew the elder.
宛如骷髅的空明似乎都要握不住那枚魔晶，他看向这位长老：“外公，你说你看到了我们精灵族更好的未来，我也相信。我不知道现在是怎么回事，但我相信我和王选择的路没有错，我们和寄生虫族同根同源，我们原本就可以互利互助，我们可以彼此成就辉煌，我们……”
空明的声音越来越小，眼睛中的光芒也逐渐黯淡。
啪嗒，空明手中的魔晶落到地上。
他的眼睛变得灰暗，再也没有一丝生气。
头发雪白的长老闭了闭眼睛，伸手要去抱起空明。
一只手挡住了他。
“稍等。”
“你！”
木守温和道：“空域，我回来时就跟你说过，你看到的是未来，但不是最终的未来，只是寄生虫族在占领了整个精灵族后那短暂时间的辉煌，而且还不是我精灵族的辉煌，是寄生虫族的。”
“你又怎么肯定这点？”头发全白的空域声音嘶哑，他已经很老了，他明明和木守同龄，可现在和木守站在一起，他就像是木守的曾祖父。
“你只是不甘心而已，而且自从你融合寄生虫卵，你还有再看到未来吗？”
木守的这句话简直炸翻了在场所有精灵。
原本靠近他们的精灵唰地都向后面退开了至少一米距离。
空域和木守，这可是在场年龄最大的两位精灵，他们不但地位崇高，也是族里唯二的预言者。
但奇怪的是，自从木守离开，空域确实也没有什么新的预言传出。
空域那边传来的消息是，当年围攻前任精灵王时，他受了重伤，预言能力暂时消失。
但受了重伤的空域却活到了现在。
空域忽然长长叹息了一声，整具身体都松懈了，这也让他看起来更加苍老。
“我以为控制了王虫和虫巢，我就能控制整个寄生虫族，让寄生虫真正成为精灵族的共生者，为我族服务。可这么多年来，我一直没能彻底收服王虫，更没能融合虫巢。反倒是那只幼小的被放弃的王虫在我身体里成长起来，如今我已经分不清现在是我在思考，还是我早已变成了它。”
木守了然：“你们把所有留下的虫卵都孵化了。”
“是啊，我们每个都得到了一个虫卵，但我没有告诉王，我孵化的那只也是王虫，幸好它很弱小，否则王也不会留下它。”空域说的王指的明显是前精灵王。
空域转而看向王叶，竟然很慈祥地笑了笑：“小友，能帮我看看，我现在是我自己，还是王虫吗？”
The airspace turned to look at Wang Ye, and actually smiled very kindly: "Xiaoyou, can you help me see, am I myself now, or Wang Worm?" ”
王叶放出精神力，与空域的精神力接触后，退后：“我判断不出，你现在身体里只有一个精神体，但我知道你身体变异了。”
Wang Ye released his spiritual power, and after coming into contact with the spiritual power of the airspace, he stepped back: "I can't tell, you only have one spiritual body in your body now, but I know that your body has mutated." ”
这也证明他的检查不是绝对的，如果是融合时间很长的被寄生体，他也会检查不出。而身体变异有各种可能，并不一定说明就是被寄生。
This also proves that his examination is not absolute, and if it is a parasite that has been fused for a long time, he will not be able to detect it. And there are various possibilities for physical mutation, which does not necessarily mean that it is parasitized.
空域点头：“是的，我变异了，我失去了预言能力，但我获得了虫语的能力。”
Airspace nodded: "Yes, I mutated, I lost the ability to prophesy, but I gained the ability of worm language." ”
空域又笑起来：“我想我应该不是我了，因为我现在竟然想要请你检查我的身体，然后趁你检查的工夫，自爆杀了你。”
王叶沉默。这位精灵长老和其他被寄生者不太一样，他的精神力应该极为强大，在那只弱小王虫寄生他、融合他的同时，王虫也受到了这位精灵长老的极大影响。
偏偏这份影响也让空域产生了错误的自我认知，他始终认为自己还存在。
However, this influence also caused the airspace to have a false self-perception, and he always believed that he still existed.
就是那只王虫认为自己是空域的同时，也知道自己是王虫。他因为空域的身份而站在精灵一边，但又想要做对寄生虫族更好的事情。
It was the king worm that thought it was the airspace and knew that it was the king worm. He was on the side of the elves because of his status in the airspace, but wanted to do something better for the parasites.
如此矛盾，也怪不得那些寄生高等智慧种族的寄生虫都失去了进一步的可能。
With such a contradiction, it is no wonder that those parasites of the higher intelligent races have lost the possibility of further progress.
自己都搞不清自己是谁，如果寄生的是个超级有良知还精神力强大的存在，那就更纠结了，比精神分裂症还要糟糕。
I can't figure out who I am, and if it's a super conscientious and mentally strong existence, it's even more tangled, worse than schizophrenia.
如此寄生虫族也怪不得它们逃不出不断寄生、不断选择新寄生体的怪圈。
在木守的请求下，王叶又仔细检查了空明，确定空明体内再无寄生虫和虫卵。
空域……对自己和空明都拍了一张火系卷轴。
火焰升腾而起。
他让所有精灵都不要救他，说火焰能让他净化。
王叶：这是一只自己把自己折磨疯的虫子。
空域自杀时，他身上的虫巢脱离了出来。
不，应该说寄生他的王虫不想就这么死去，在身体被烧了大半后，竟然清醒过来，拖着虫巢想要逃跑。
在场的木系族长和其他精灵一起动手，干掉了这只明知逃不掉还要逃跑的王虫，给了它一个痛快。
而那个几乎没有怎么发育过的虫巢，则……一头撞进了王叶的身体中。
王叶看着一圈看着他的精灵：“呃，我很想拿出来，但现在已经拿不出来了，不管你们信不信，它消失了。”
他发誓，他并不想吸收这个虫巢，当着这么多精灵的面，他就没指望能拿到这个虫巢。
谁想，那虫巢竟然自己往他身上扑，还直接钻进他体内。
小光戳破他：“你明明是故意的！”
好吧，他承认他故意放了那虫巢进来。
小光在虫巢里飞来飞去地咿咿叫：“那个傻瓜虫巢把你当王虫了，它心甘情愿和你融合，它就没想到你是个人类，咿呀！”
王叶还在用纯洁无辜我什么都不知道的眼神和精灵对瞅。
木守忍笑，道：“小叶子，那只虫母呢？你有没有发现它？”
王叶一指审判厅中用来装饰的一株藤蔓道：“就在那儿呢。小心点，这只虫母吸收了那位大祭司八成以上的能量，而且得到了对方的空间之力，它可以瞬移。如果不是这里有阵法，它已经逃出去。”
第407章 全系浇灌
有王叶指明方向，木守大祭司散开的精神力集中到那株藤蔓上，很快就锁定了藤蔓的精神力。
虫母很狡猾，它把自己的精神力隐藏在藤蔓中。
它能做到这点，也和它吸收了大部分空明的精神力有关，而空明完全没察觉，就算察觉，也能给它糊弄过去。
实际上空明初期虽然说要和它合作，还是十分提防它的，但当它开始侵蚀对方的精神力，空明的想法就被它影响了，到最后那到底是空明自己的想法，还是它传递过去的想法，谁知道呢。
虫母利用其他隐身虫外逃，可在发现这座审判厅被魔法阵封闭后，它就悄悄地躲进了这株藤蔓中。
谁想它还是被人找了出来。
那个人类少年身上绝对有古怪，它甚至感到对方十分亲切，有寄生虫族气息。
木守和几位精灵长老围住了藤蔓。
虫母已经逃无可逃。
虫母选择了自爆。
但在精灵们有所准备下，它只是炸毁了那株藤蔓和周围的设施，一个精灵都没能伤到。
“哟，还想跑？”王叶手指一动，这次没用二胡，直接就用因果线纠缠住了一只隐形虫。
都以为自爆必死的虫母现出身形，愤怒传递意念：“为什么！你为什么要帮助这些精灵？你明明应该是我们这边的！”
一朵火花炸开。
虫母变成灰烬。
王叶没有回应虫母，两方根本立场就不同，说什么都没用，还不如不说。
最后由木守大祭司和王叶分别做了一遍检查，确定审判厅再无其他寄生虫，这次纷乱才算结束。
至于虫巢？
精灵族们不是想要虫巢——他们就没几个知道那是虫巢，他们只是担心那寄生虫族的东西投入王叶身体，会不会对他产生危害。
王叶表示他就是寄生虫族的克星，寄生虫族躲着他走也就罢了，主动投来就只有成为他养料的份。
精灵们放下心来，他们都搞不清楚那东西为什么主动投向王叶。
但那人类少年既然说自己没事，那就没事吧，没见他们前任大祭司木守都笑眯眯的，半点不担心吗？
木守也趁此机会要求在场所有精灵把他们各系和各自的幼崽都集中起来，只要待在各系的祭司那里，她和王叶会过去筛查。
“包括没有孵化的精灵卵。”王叶追加了一句。
木守诧异，她就没想到精灵卵也会被寄生，这确实是他们之前检查的疏忽点。
之后，花了整整十天时间，王叶把整个精灵族都走了一遍，也把所有未成年幼崽和未孵化精灵卵都筛查了一遍。
最后，他们在返祖精灵的幼崽中发现两名被寄生者，而且因为寄生时间较长，原精灵幼崽的意识已经不存在了。
这两名幼崽的父母大为悲伤，他们后悔之前族里检查时，他们自傲身份，也自诩家里孩子在他们的保护下不可能出事，不肯把自家孩子带去检查，结果……
另外没有孵化的精灵卵中也发现了寄生虫，而且数量达到上百。
Parasites have also been found in unhatched elven eggs, and the number has reached hundreds.
上百精灵卵，这个损失对精灵族来说不可谓不大，这些精灵卵的家人痛不欲生，他们的孩子连出生的可能都没有了。
Hundreds of elven eggs, this loss is not small for the elven race, the families of these elven eggs are in pain, and their children are not even possible to be born.
【恭喜玩家解决精灵族内所有精灵幼崽肚内生寄生虫的问题，特此奖励五万点经验值。】
[Congratulations to the player for solving the problem of parasites in the belly of all elf cubs in the elf clan, and 50,000 experience points are hereby rewarded.] 】
【恭喜玩家帮助精灵族解决小王虫和虫母，并破除精灵族最大危机，特此奖励一百万点经验值。】
[Congratulations to the player for helping the elves solve the little king worm and the worm mother, and solve the biggest crisis of the elves, and hereby reward one million experience points.] 】
王叶要离开了，他的手背上多出了另外几个精灵印记，成功达成凑齐全系精灵友好印记的成就，还被奖励了五百点世界贡献值。
这些精灵印记在凑齐后自动混合到一起，变成了一个圆，还缩小后自动隐藏起来。
These elven sigils automatically blend together when they are put together, forming a circle, and shrinking and automatically hidden.
王叶忽然把注意力投向虫巢。 Wang Ye suddenly turned his attention to the insect nest.
之前那个新虫巢主动投入融合，他的虫巢也没多少反应，只是储存区又多了一层。
The new hive before took the initiative to fuse, and his hive didn't react much, but there was another layer in the storage area.
但现在他能感觉到他的虫巢在变化，而且是无声无息的变化，就好像多出了很多什么，但具体他又说不出来。
But now he could feel his hive changing, and it was silent, as if there was a lot more, but he couldn't tell.
雷木的根系就扎在虫巢中，他的感觉和王叶一样敏锐，当即就道：“各系元素增多了，这里形成了更加完美的循环。”
Lei Mu's root system was rooted in the hive, and his senses were as keen as Wang Ye's, and he immediately said, "The elements of each system have increased, and a more perfect cycle has been formed here." ”
不止如此，虫巢似乎真的活了过来，它不止是像一个世界，而是就已经是一个小世界。
Not only that, but the hive seems to have really come to life, it is not just like a world, but already a small world.
王叶忽然有点明白精灵族为什么对双月星那么重要了，他们本身的基因有缺陷，需要生命之树帮助才能孵化后代，但他们的存在也在改变这个世界。
Wang Ye suddenly understood why the elves were so important to the Twin Moon Stars, their own genes were defective and they needed the help of the Tree of Life to hatch offspring, but their existence was also changing the world.
有什么隐隐浮现。
双月星自从天降火雨后就再也没有十一级大佬出现。
撒老祖跟他说过，说当年唐博古鼎他们分析双月星应该是在天降火雨后就处在缓慢改变中，原始魔力也开始异变，没有突破到十一级的存在出现，只是因为身体不适应新的能量环境。
可双月星的生灵们仍旧能够修炼。
王叶现在就想到，双月星的生灵们之所以在原始魔力异变后仍旧能修炼，是否和精灵族有关？
因为精灵族真的太像是这个世界的元素调节器。
就好像树木吸入二氧化碳释放氧气一般，精灵族九成也在承担着某种使命，只是连他们自己都没有意识到。
再回想他看到的单天行的后半生，精灵族被消灭得差不多后，双月星就开始走下坡路，哪怕后来真的有十一级出现，但双月星的资源匮乏到极点，整个双月星都无法再支撑下去。
原因？
原因就是九成九以上能循环产生某种特殊能量的精灵族被消灭了，偏偏还有超凡者大肆吸收能量、和抢夺能产生能量的各种资源。
这不就跟地球失去产生氧气的植物和苔藓一样，最后肯定全部玩完啊。
“大祭司，请你们一定保护好自己。”王叶郑重其事地跟木守说道。
木守笑，很想揉揉少年的脑袋，但最后只拍了拍他的肩膀：“我们会的。”
王叶看她没明白他的意思，干脆挑明了说：“双月星的超凡者不是不能突破十一级，只是需要时间。”
“哦？”
“自从双月星天降火雨以来，不止是双月星的能量在变异，双月星的所有生物也在变异，他们的身体正在逐步缓慢地适应现在的能量，在自我调整。”
“你说的有点道理。”木守温柔地笑。
王叶：“我的意思是说，你们实际上应该叫做元素精灵。你们产生的元素经过大循环和融合，会变成能量，这就是双月星的魔力。如果双月星少了你们，魔力不至于消失，但会减少许多。”
木守面向王叶。
王叶特别正经地说道：“植物产生氧气，而你们产生元素，这种说法有点夸张，但大致就是这个意思。不过双月星也不止你们能产生元素，还有其他生物和矿物，包括海洋。”
木守的精神力有一瞬间散开，又凝聚。
王叶像是没有察觉般，继续道：“我想你们来到这个世界，之所以能进化为精灵族和龙族，也许是这个世界也需要你们。你们的祖先跟着火雨一起带来了异变，而你们就相当于赔偿者，负责当做元素调节器去调节这个世界的能量，让其他生灵能继续修炼。当然，这都是我的猜测。”
木守手轻轻放在王叶的肩膀上，似乎终于下定决心一般，缓缓道：“不是猜测。当年龙族离开，就是不想再等待。我们早就知道只要愿意等上几万年或几十万年，我们就能自然而然地突破上限。”
“但这个时间太长了，龙族不愿等待，所以离开了。包括唐博那一辈的超凡者，也有很多人知道这点，他们还没有龙族那么长的寿命，所以他们也离开了。”
“不过我们并不知道我们是你说的元素调节器，还能酝酿魔力。但现在我明白了，也明白树人族为什么愿意帮助我们和龙族。”木守笑起来：“树人族是寿命最长、也是看得最清楚、最睿智的种族。他们知道什么对这个世界最好，所以他们当年伸手帮了我们的祖先。”
“龙族可能也能酿造魔力，如果他们留下，说不定双月星会更早出现突破者。”
王叶侧头看木守：“那您现在知道这一切，以后有什么打算？”
“打算？”木守笑着摇头：“你的猜测就不要再说出去了，这事就你知我知。精灵族就让她自然发展。”
木守还提到：“我和生命之树也不会在族内待太长时间，等他们把新的精灵王和大祭司推举出来，我和生命之树就会离开。”
“你们打算去哪里？”
“到处走走，顺便找找精灵王，再找找那些寄生虫的麻烦。”木守已经淡定地接受：“寄生虫非常能躲，想要在短时间彻底消灭它们几乎不可能，它们应该会成为双月星一个物种。不过只要有精灵族在，我们就不会让寄生虫族成为危害。”
王叶笑了：“您这是打算让精灵族变成寄生虫族的天敌？”
“没错。我们本来就是互为狩猎的关系。”木守不但这样想，她已经开始这样训练精灵战士。
“如果您有时间的话，再多留意一下长生会、屠魔教这些组织，他们做事不干净，为了成神什么都敢干，精灵族也是他们的目标，他们很可能会和寄生虫族合作，我怀疑他们的上层很可能已经有人被寄生。对了，据说他们背后有个神秘的十四人头领。”王叶秃噜道。
木守也知道这些组织，当即点头：“我会留意。”
“有什么需要联合的事，您可以去找陨星高层和撒尔曼大帝，我想他们也会很高兴和精灵族合作。”
“好。”木守温柔地揉了揉少年的脑袋……还是让她揉到了。
“你后面是不是还有其他事要办？把金宝暂时留下吧。”木守突然道。
“哎？”王叶惊讶的同时头疼，“大祭司，金宝他……”
金宝蹿出来，叽呜叫：“爸叽，你不能抛弃我，我不要留下，我要跟你跟大家一起流浪天涯！”
木守笑出了声：“我不是说让金宝永远留下，而是留金宝一段时间，不会很长。族内推举出新的精灵王，各系祭司都会对精灵王进行一次元素浇灌，这样的精灵王成长起来才是最强的精灵王。之前那位因为缺乏我们木系精灵，他还算不得精灵中的最强者。”
王叶和金宝同时咻地抬起头，那小表情简直一模一样。
王叶期待地问：“大祭司，您的意思是说，那什么全系元素浇灌也要给金宝来一次？”
木守颔首笑：“就是这个意思。其实这种浇灌在幼年时期更好，只不过这种浇灌非常耗费各系祭司的能量，而且我们选举精灵王也不会从幼崽中选举。”
“哎呀，这怎么好意思~”王叶搓手，特别假地客气。
“这不是我个人的建议，而是各系长老族长祭司都同意的。你帮我们精灵族这么多忙，还养着金宝，又把他养得这么好。我们也无以为报，而且我们选择浇灌金宝，而不是你或者雷木，已经是我们有私心了。”木守有点不好意思地道。
王叶嘿嘿笑，完全不在意地挥手：“我懂。肥水不流外人田，金宝是最好的选择。”
金宝听说能占莫大的好处，还不用留在精灵族当牛做马，当即也同意了，不过他还是跟王叶叮嘱了一遍又一遍。
“爸叽，你一定要来接我呀。雷木爸爸，你也听到了叽。如果小叶子爸爸忘了，你一定要提醒他。”
“知道知道，你好好留下。我回头来接你。”
金宝有好处可占，王叶也没亏，只那个虫巢他就赚了，何况精灵族还赠送给他一大堆药植和矿石等原材料。
王叶也不怕装不下，他的虫巢又扩大了一层，正好给他装矿石。
而且这些矿石进入虫巢，竟然同类别的自动聚集到一起，一副要形成矿脉的模样。
这应该是好的变化吧？王叶想了想，没有阻止，而是选择静观其变。
他自己也用药剂和卷轴等交易了不少精灵族特有的瓜果蔬菜，还有一些小光点名要的养殖家畜及鱼类。
王叶的药剂和卷轴非常受欢迎，如果不是他急着离开，精灵们都想他能在精灵族待个几年几十年。
精灵们对金宝进行全系元素浇灌，是对王叶的感激，也是在留后手。
如果这个精灵王再出问题，或者精灵族将来遇到什么事，他们还有金宝这个预备役。
哪怕将来金宝不会成为精灵族的王，可不管他选择变成龙族还是精灵，应该都会承今天的这份情。
王叶为了节约时间，他直接使用瞬移，从精灵族地直接来到了银月帝国的首都王宫。
第408章 回银月、救月琴公主
唰！一群侍卫举起魔弹枪，对准了突然出现在皇家议会大厅的少年。
坐在阶梯上方的撒尔曼大帝更是第一时间就被侍卫们团团保护起来。
正在议会大厅和大帝见面的十几位大臣，更是摆出了攻击的架势。
王叶举起双手：“是我，王叶，我回来了。”
“殿下？”有大臣脱口喊出，这声音不是惊讶，而是充满了兴奋。
撒尔曼大帝挥挥手，侍卫们全都退回原位，他们表情不变，但看王叶的目光都亮晶晶的，还有人眼中满是崇拜和自豪。
这时众大臣看王叶的眼光也不再是提防，同样是满脸的骄傲和高兴。
撒尔曼大帝几乎常年不见笑容的脸，浮起了笑容，那语调也是一听就充满对自家人的亲昵：“我就猜你这段时间该过来了，在精灵族玩得开心吗？”
“还行。”王叶耸肩，放下双手，还不忘提意见：“陛下，您这个议会大厅不能防止空间系超凡者啊。您的寝宫能防吗？虽然知道您强大，但如果来个和您差不多实力的空间系，突然出现还是很危险的。”
大帝当即就笑起来：“那你要帮我加强吗？”
“行，给您免费打个补丁，这里是八级阵法？我给你升到九级顶阶没问题。”王叶口气超大。
撒尔曼哈哈大笑。
众大臣也发出笑声，还有人特意上前拜见王叶。
王叶回以战士礼。
带军的将领们看这位王子特别顺眼。
瞧，当年那个瘦瘦小小的王子现在长得多好？那身漂亮的腱子肉，一看就不是柔弱的魔法师。听说武圣时校长也是小殿下的师父呢，而且殿下行的还是战士礼，不是魔法师礼。
而魔法系的超凡者看王叶同样骄傲，就算行的是战士礼又怎么样？
殿下的武力值再强，也无法掩饰他在魔法方面的成就，更何况他还是七专业精通！
撒尔曼询问众大臣是否有重要事情禀报，如果没有，那就押后再说。
众大臣该说的事已经说得差不多，这时都十分理解地告辞。殿下突然出现，肯定是有紧急的事情要跟陛下说。就算不是，殿下和陛下这么长时间没见了，肯定有很多话要说。
银月帝国没有早朝，只固定五天有一次议事。大臣一般有事情会向大帝递交见面申请，如果是紧急事情，很快就能见到。
大帝也有权随时召唤大臣过来询问国事。
撒尔曼手上有一支独立的情报系统，会每天向他汇报国家大大小小的事情。
所以撒尔曼就属于那种他想要勤政，就会每天有做不完的事情。但如果他想偷懒，他就可以把国家撒手不管的皇帝。
上辈子，撒尔曼没说彻底撒手不管国事，但他也确实对国事十分散漫不上心，事情基本都交给下面的大臣处理。明明国家不是君主立宪制，却表现的像是君主立宪制。
可惜因为撒尔曼的不在意，当初掌握实权的大臣很多都已经从根子腐烂，或者投靠到撒埃德那边，再有长生会之类的组织暗中插手政事，银月帝国在撒尔曼在世时就已经在走下坡路。
但这辈子，撒尔曼对人生充满热爱（？），对未来充满无限希望，又有满腔仇恨待报复，不说特别勤政，但在他狠抓情报工作的情况下，加上前面又处理掉一批尸位素餐和民怨较大的，现在真没有几个大臣和将领敢含糊做事。
有时候独裁的帝王制国家就是这样，如果领头人特别优秀，那这个国家就会被带的充满蓬勃朝气。可如果这个领头人不行，那就是将熊熊一窝，上梁不正下梁跟着一起歪。
王叶也不是特意要跑到兰道厅来，而是这时候，撒尔曼一般都在这间议事大厅做事。
这里既是他的办公室，也是他每天会见大臣的地方。
对，这里就叫兰道厅，至今这个名字都没改。
大臣和将领们对于这种重要的议事大厅不叫政务厅而叫兰道厅，也没有任何意见。这就是独裁实权帝王的好处了，这种小事，没人敢和他啰嗦。
这几年，撒尔曼大帝还很任性地把用来会见百官和外国使者的最大皇厅改名为雷木大厅，把皇家亲卫军改名叫雷叶军，也没有人有意见，相反大家还纷纷叫好。
“我应该谢谢你。”撒尔曼走下帝位，示意王叶和他坐到长桌边说话。
“因为你，帝国现在的民众凝聚力特别强，帝国子民也因为有你这样的帝国继承人而骄傲，现在你的声望都快超过我了。”撒尔曼说这话可不是妒忌，而是充满骄傲——自家孩子这么棒，好想带出去炫耀给全世界看。
王叶眨眼：“您知道我对帝位没兴趣，半点都没有。”
“那真的太可惜了。你现在还小，我也还能撑得住，等你满一百岁，我们再来谈这个问题。”撒尔曼对继承人一点都不担心。
王叶不肯，不还有个雷木吗？
而且他也不想耽误两小学习和历练的时间，他们不想被帝位束缚，他也不会强求。
最重要的是，王叶和雷木虽然不经常待在王宫，也没有正儿八经地履行王子职责，但他们做得远比任何一个国家王子做得都要好。
不说其他，只王叶现在的成就，哪个国家的王子能跟他比？
他们银月帝国的人现在出门可骄傲了，每次说起来都是“我们殿下怎么怎么”。
雷木名声现在不显，不过他相信雷木以后也会为这个国家带来更多，他会让他的子民为他骄傲、为他献上膝盖。
“你这次回来，打算待多久？”撒尔曼看似平和，实际十分贪婪地看着已经长成高大少年的王叶。
这也是他的孙子，他认的，就算。
以前那么小小一只，一晃眼就这么大了。
哪怕知道这孩子视陨星更重，撒尔曼也不吃醋，只要这孩子还认他就好。
“雷木呢？”撒尔曼又问及自己的亲孙子。
雷木再次探出细丝，不过这次他凝聚出了一个清晰的人影。
是他成年的模样，脸上也没有那些古魔文。
“我还以为你会蜕化成小孩子？”撒尔曼笑道。
雷木淡笑。原本是这样，如果按照生命之树的年龄计算，他现在真的还只是刚发芽的小幼苗。
但雷木更认可自己作为人类的那二十多年时间，他心理上就无法接受自己还是幼儿，所以他幻化出来的形象也会是成人。
王叶也很久没有看到雷木的人形，一时不由看呆，手指也忍不住抚摸细丝。
“你什么时候能变成人形？还是以后都是树人形象？”撒尔曼问。
“不是树人。就快了。”雷木用精神力回答。
小叶子的虫巢循环完整，他能吸收的能量也更加完整，加上他也差不多把生命之树和其他血脉的第一期传承都已经接受完毕，现在就是在融合期。
等他融合完毕，他就能重新变成人形。
王叶听说雷木很快就能变成人形，不禁无限期待。
他以前小的时候经常被雷木举高高，现在他和雷木的身高可是差不多，而且他还在发育期，迟早能长得比雷木还要高大，到时他就可以把雷木举高高了。
一想到雷木被他举起来的样子，王叶不由吃吃笑起来。
雷木就感到王叶内心十分欢喜活泼，但具体并不知道他在傻乐什么。
撒尔曼大帝也很高兴，欣慰地道：“那就好。你如果缺少成长资源，一定要跟我说。”
大帝不等雷木开口，就拿出一个空间手镯。
“这里是这几年你们应该领的王子份额的资源，另外就是我这个做祖父的给你们准备的一点东西。不用客气，这些东西跟国库无关，走的都是我的私库。我留着这些东西也没用，还不如给你们。”
好东西怎么可能没用？
双月星第一帝国皇帝本人拿出来的东西能差吗？
王叶不用看手镯里都有什么，就知道这手镯里的东西如果亮出去，还不知道能引来多少人的眼红妒忌。
王叶收下了手镯。这种事上没必要黏黏糊糊的，长辈愿意给你红包，那是他喜欢你，收着就是，拒绝才会让长辈伤心。
而作为一个哄老头的高手（？），王叶当然不会只收礼物，他也拿出一盒子药剂和一个卷轴手镯送给大帝。
美其名曰：“您年纪也不小了，该保养也要保养起来。这些药剂怎么使用，我在盒子中都有写明，您看着服用就可以，服用完虽然不能保证您百分百进入圣级，但九成的可能总是有的。卷轴您可以留着防身。”
大帝听得不由想敲王小叶的脑袋。他年纪很大吗？在超凡者中他明明还很年轻好吗！
卷轴手镯还是兰道师父给王叶的灵感，他结合炼金术，类似的卷轴手镯做了好些，重要的人都送了一个。
比起药剂，大帝显然更喜欢卷轴手镯。
这个卷轴手镯做的十分古朴大气，和王沐戴着的那个样式完全不同，卷轴也不是垂着的，而是以镶嵌的方式拼成了一个完整的宽手镯。
大帝把药盒也郑重收起。
王叶什么都不给他，他也高兴。
王叶愿意拿出东西孝敬他，他更高兴。何况这些礼物明显就用了心，这表示小叶子心里也认可他这个长辈。
“陛下，您愿意让我看看月琴公主吗？我现在也许还不能保证让她一定能醒过来，但……”
“跟我来。你们确实也应该见见月琴。”
撒尔曼在路上还跟王叶道：“你不要有压力，我们这次就看看，有办法最好，没办法也没什么。月琴的情况保持得还不错，还能等一段时间，如果真的不能救回，我也早已有心理准备。”
王叶戳雷木。
雷木不是不想和大帝交谈，只是他不知道该如何和这位祖父相处。
以前他把这位当师长，相处起来倒也自然。
可知道他是自己的亲人后，雷木反而有点不知所措。
不止是他，撒尔曼也同样。
之后雷木更是长时间变成幼苗，和大帝也没有怎么相处。
但雷木对这位大帝并没有什么意见，反而很感激他。
不管对方有意还是无意，至少他曾经很多快乐和知识都来源于这位。如果不是这位祖父，他也许到现在还被困在地宫里，更不可能碰见小叶子。
雷木被王叶戳了两下，不得不冒出头，用精神力跟大帝说：“她是我母亲，我会尽全力救她。”
“不要勉强！”撒尔曼一惊，他真的害怕雷木会为了救活月琴牺牲自己，在他眼里，雷木就是这样的傻孩子。
不是说他偏心，而是月琴已经躺了这么长时间，他心里其实早有准备。
而雷木却是鲜活的，更遭了无数罪，他们任何一人都不能、也没脸要求雷木为撒家付出。就算月琴是他生母，救活月琴也不该是这孩子的负担。
雷木露出一点点笑容：“不勉强。”
他真不勉强，现在虫巢里最多的就是生命能量，都快满溢出来了。
而他在即将从嫩芽成长为人体的这一时期，生命能量是最蓬勃的，与其浪费，还不如拿来救人。
虽然还不清楚撒月琴的昏迷不醒到底是怎么回事。
但只要她的灵魂还在，王叶和他一起就能想办法把她救活。
一路上，所有见到大帝和王叶的人都在向他们行礼。
雷叶殿下回到王宫的消息，风一般地传开。
要不是大帝对整个王宫管理非常严格，这时恐怕要有一连串的宫人跑出来偷看王叶。
每个看到王叶的侍卫、侍者和宫人，包括宫廷魔法师，那眼神都是兴奋又骄傲的。
这就是他们的小王子，他长大了，瞧他长得多么英俊帅气！他还那么天才，优秀到几乎无人能比，而这样的王子是他们银月帝国的！
嗷嗷嗷，让我们为我们的小王子欢呼吧！ Whoa, let's cheer for our little prince!
可惜大王子不在，不过大王子肯定也特别好。 It's a pity that the eldest prince is not here, but the eldest prince must be very good.
听说两位王子的感情也特别好，到哪里都在一起呢。他今天没出现，肯定是有事。
I heard that the relationship between the two princes is also very good, and they are together everywhere. He didn't show up today, there must be something.
“雷木，露个脸吧。”大帝忽然道。 "Remu, show your face." The Great Emperor said suddenly.
雷木也没多想，凝成一个宛如真人的影子跟在王叶身边。
皇宫里传来了小小的欢呼声，但很快就平静下来。 There were small cheers from the palace, but they soon calmed down.
宫人们满脸欢悦地向他们行礼。
不是真人？那有什么好奇怪的？肯定是大王子殿下在修习魔法啦，现在不方便实体出现，但大王子多么体贴他们啊，特地显出人影来和他们见面。
大王子和小王子站在一起，都是那么杰出又亮眼，真的太棒了~
没多久，王叶和雷木见到了撒月琴。
王叶看到撒月琴时，就想到了沉睡在荆棘城堡中等待王子来吻醒她的公主。
这是一个地下宫殿，常年都维持同一个温度，宫殿中布满了魔法阵，还有各种魔法能量物。
月琴公主就躺在宫殿中央的水晶棺里。
她的四周放满了盛开鲜花的魔植。
月光笼罩在她身上。
王叶抬头，看到宫殿顶端有个水晶魔镜，不知道是它凝聚了月光，还是它本身可以替代月亮，这月光就是这面魔镜发出。
“这里的一切都是为了让她保持原样。”撒尔曼大帝应该不是第一次来看女儿，水晶棺边还有石凳。
王叶看向大帝。
大帝点头。
王叶握住了月琴公主的手腕。
就算用魔法保持得再好，这位公主的身体还是在日渐瘦弱，如今她的手腕细得似乎稍微用力就能断掉。
王叶先是检查月琴公主的身体情况，然后就是探查她的精神核。
这次也是王叶检查病人时间最长的一次。
将近一刻钟，他才放开月琴公主的手腕。
撒尔曼大帝让自己不要有期待，但他眼中还是忍不住冒出期盼的光彩。
王叶开口：“她的身体不能要了，精神核也有溃散迹象，虽然勉强维持住，但也只是维持住，要不了多久，她的身体就无法再接受这些能量灌输，会自动崩溃。”
大帝：“……那些魔法师和治疗大师可不是这么和我说的。”
王叶不客气地道：“您是帝王，他们为您服务，怎么敢跟您说实话？拖，对他们来说是最好的方法。或者您找的人根本就不对。不过换了别人，恐怕也没办法真正的治疗好月琴公主，她是根源出了问题。”
“我以为出问题的是她的精神核，她的身体还是好的？”大帝问。
王叶摇头：“她的身体和精神核都有问题，就跟雷木一样，她在出生之前，身体就被做了手脚，有人不想她继续活下去，就从外部摧毁了她的身体本源和精神核本源。”
大帝皱眉：“从外部？”
王叶：“对，月琴公主和雷木的生命包括他们的精神核都被控制在他人手中，控制他们的人想让他们听话就听话，想让他们生病就生病，同样，想让他们死亡也能让他们立刻死亡。”
咔嚓！大帝坐着的石凳裂开。
大帝站起，他收敛所有怒火，只沉稳地问：“那现在月琴还能救活吗？还有雷木，他身上的问题彻底解决了吗？”
王叶点头：“雷木已经彻底没有问题，毕竟他都重新发芽了。至于月琴公主，也不是毫无办法，只是需要冒一点险。”
“你说。”大帝再次道：“你不要有压力，不管成不成功，我都能接受，也绝不会……”
“陛下，您既然把我当亲人看，我也没有把您当外人，而且就算您真的生气，又能拿我怎么样？我也不是因为您才要救月琴公主，是因为木木。所以您真没必要说这么多……咳，废话。”
“你这个……！”撒尔曼大帝终于明白小叶子的师父们为什么总喜欢骂小叶子小兔崽子了。
这小东西，有时候真的太气人！
王叶勾唇一笑：“不听听我的办法吗？”
“说！”
“很简单，我会把月琴公主的灵魂转移出来，现在最庆幸的就是月琴公主的灵魂并没有泯灭，而是处在沉眠状态。但她的身体不能要了，只能让她先死一次。当然，她也不会白死，我会利用魔法阵和我的术法，把她受到的所有伤害反弹给当初对她动手脚的人。”
撒尔曼大帝心里有点急，但他表面还是维持住了沉稳，没有催小叶子。
王叶不急不忙：“而她会死亡，也是因为我要解除她身上的所有禁制和魔法操控。但等她死后，她的身体和精神核就彻底干净了，这时我会重新复活她，木木会给她灌输生命能量。等复活，她就再也不用担心受他人操控，她的身体将会完全属于她自己。”
撒尔曼大帝有点怀疑自己的耳朵：“你刚才说复活？你能帮助死人复活？”
王叶玩笑一般地竖起手指：“嘘，这是我们一家的最大秘密哦~”
撒尔曼并没有因此高兴，反而狠狠皱起眉头：“你为此要付出什么代价？”
第409章 伯思圣、月琴
王叶没有说自己要付出什么代价。
撒尔曼也没再追问下去，他自己脑补了，而且脑补得十分丰富。
大帝重重拍了拍少年的肩膀：“我都懂。”
王叶脑中打出问号：您都懂什么？
“这事我不会说出去，你自己也不要对外乱说。复活这种事是普通超凡者能做到的吗？我不知道你付出了什么代价，但这种事可一不可再，你以后千万不要随便使用这个能力，哪怕我死。”大帝特别郑重地道。
王叶以前就知道这位大帝是个了不得的，现在更这么感觉。真不是谁都能成为大帝，尤其是第一代帝王，能坐到这个位子的人，他就算有缺点，但他的性情和能力也必然要远超很多人。
王叶点头：“我知道，我不会乱用。这次也是机缘巧合，下次就不一定了。”
大帝听了这话反而放心了。
因为要见月琴公主，王叶暂时封闭了虫巢向外窥探的功能，所以目前只有他、撒尔曼和雷木知道他能复活死人。
其实雷木也是第一次知道小叶子竟然能把死人复活，他很想详细询问，更害怕小叶子付出什么可怕的代价。
王叶感觉到雷木的心乱和阻止之意，只好先一步对他精神传音：“放心，代价已经支付了，就是上次我在地宫超度那些灵魂，当我超度的灵魂数量足够多，而我本身能量也足够供应时，我就能复活一名身体状态保存良好的刚死者。当然这个能力也不能使用多次。”
这是王叶的自我感觉，虽然复活技能好像只消耗功德值，但他下意识就觉得复活技能不能多用。
实际上这个技能应该也是一种诱惑，诱惑他肆意妄为，想复活谁就复活谁，宛如神灵一般。
除了神灵，谁还能让死人复活？
得到这种技能的人把这个技能用个一次两次，大概就会飘飘然了。
最可怕的是，他很可能会不在乎自己的性命和其他人的性命。
这个其他人就包括他的家人。
因为他拥有复活术，就算亲朋好友死去，只要在四十九天之内、只要身体存在大半以上、只要灵魂还没有彻底消散，他就能把人复活。
而且在达到九十九级以后，【因果轮回】这个技能还多了一个技能者也就是他自己死亡后可以自动复活的功能，但消耗的功德值是救其他人的十倍，需要一百点。
但他每次复活都只要一百点，而不是像复活其他人，同一个人复活两次就得十倍贡献值、三次就得百倍……
换言之，他只要有足够的功德值，他几乎就相当于拥有了不死之力。
自己不在乎自己的性命还好一点，虽然这也很可怕——连自己的命都不在乎，又怎么会在乎其他人的？
当他把亲朋好友的性命也当做儿戏时，他会变成什么样？恐怕早就不是人了吧。
上辈子失去过最重要的人，眼睁睁地看着他们死亡，自己却毫无办法，导致这辈子王叶对生死异常谨慎。
他怕死，更不想自己人出事。
所以哪怕现在掌握了复活术，他不但没有得意和放松，反而更加小心，就怕一脚踩进坑里。
因果之力是很好用，但越用越知道，这能力就是一把双刃剑。
王叶仰天长叹：无知者无畏，但当你知道的（学习到的）越多，就会越知道自己有多么渺小。他就是知道的太多了……
雷木感知到王叶的谨慎和慎重，多少放了一点心。
他就怕小叶子掌握了这样的能力后，会肆无忌惮地使用。
还好小叶子仍旧是那个小叶子……
大帝和雷木都看到王叶在长叹，但他们以为王叶是在为使用复活技能而做准备。
撒尔曼大帝带着两位王子在王宫深处消失了整整一天一夜。
复活月琴公主不难，难的是找出她身体和精神核中的“遥控感应器”。
幸好王叶可以不用顾忌月琴公主的身体健康，这样他在寻找“遥控感应器”时就不用那么小心翼翼，他可以一点一点把月琴公主的身体和精神核都拆成零碎寻找。
也可以使用强力的魔法阵和魔法咒语来强行破坏，也就是让月琴公主体内的遥控感应器短路。
然后王叶就可以大刀阔斧地把他感觉不属于月琴的能量和身体零碎都给切掉，或者他觉得不好不对劲的也全都消灭。
如果月琴是个活人，那当然不能这样干。
但现在王叶只要保证月琴的身体能保持大半以上就可以。
途中，王叶还使用了【自食其果】和【恶有恶报】。
自食其果，能让月琴公主受到的所有痛苦和伤害都反弹回迫害者。
恶有恶报，则是在反弹伤害的基础上，再对敌人施以诅咒。
撒尔曼在知道王叶做了什么后，就暂时离开女儿，出去吩咐了什么。
现在，他只要派人盯紧他怀疑的那几个迫害者，看他们是否受到伤害反弹和诅咒，他就能知道谁是真正迫害他女儿的凶手。
远在另一片大陆上的春木上国王宫。
国主伯思圣正跟往日一样在处理政事，实际上现在政事已经没有多少是需要他处理的了，他培养（控制）了很多人，那些人有能力也听话，他就算撒手不管，也不用担心国家出问题或国力衰退。
但他已经习惯掌权和忙碌，真让他完全丢开国事，他也不愿。
当然，除了国事以外，他还在额外处理其他事情。
“咳！”伯思圣觉得嗓子有点不舒服，轻咳了几声。
他喝了一瓶药剂，身体的不适感立刻恢复。
当晚，他吃饭时感到舌尖肿痛，才发现舌下生了小痘。
伯思圣国主感到一点怪异，他身体一向保持得很好，疾病根本挨不着他。
他自我判断后，觉得自己体内火毒太盛，又服用了一瓶高级药剂。
很快，舌下的痘痘消失了，他吃饭也能正常吃。
晚上睡觉时也一切正常，但次日早上醒来，他发现自己身上长了很多红色的小点。
这些红色小点不痛不痒，但伯思圣还是十分警觉。 These little red dots are not painful or itchy, but Bossheng is still very alert.
他怀疑自己要么就是中毒，要么就是身体出了什么岔子，要么就是有人在诅咒他。
He suspected that he was either poisoned, or that something had gone wrong with his body, or that someone was cursing him.
只不过如果是诅咒的话，这个诅咒威力并不强，属于脚面上的鼻涕虫，没有多大危害，只是看着讨厌。
It's just that if it's a curse, this curse is not very powerful, it belongs to the slugs on the feet, and it doesn't do much harm, but it looks annoying.
两天后，伯思圣终于断定他不是中毒也不是修炼或其他行为导致他身体出了岔子，他是实实在在中了诅咒。
Two days later, Bo Sisheng finally concluded that he was not poisoned, nor that his cultivation or other actions caused his body to go wrong, and that he was truly cursed.
而且这个诅咒也不是他想的那样没有多大威力，相反这个诅咒缠绵入骨，初期看起来普通，实际上在他发现不妥时，已经深入骨髓。
最可怕的是他一开始服下的几瓶药剂，不但没有解决他身上的病症，反而给诅咒增加了营养，更让诅咒变得隐蔽。
换言之，如果他身体一开始出现不适，他没有服用那几瓶药剂的话，根据身体反应，他其实可以更早察觉他中了可怕诅咒的事。
但那几瓶药剂让他的不适暂时缓和，也遮掩了他的眼睛和真正感知。
But the bottles eased his discomfort for a while, and also obscured his eyes and true perception.
伯思圣拖着身体走向王宫密室。 Bo Sisheng dragged his body to the palace secret room.
虽然生病没几天，但他的知识足够让他判断出这个病很难治。
Although he had been ill for a few days, his knowledge was enough for him to judge that the disease was difficult to treat.
就算能治好，他这具身体也废了。 Even if it can be cured, his body will be useless.
就是现在，他已经感觉到自己的身体本源和精神核都在被什么感染和侵袭。
Even now, he had already felt that his body origin and spiritual core were being infected and invaded by something.
就好像有什么在吸食他的能量本源和精神力本源，偏偏吸食他的对象直接切断了输送通道，让这些能量全都四散在天地中。
It was as if something was sucking his energy source and spiritual power source, but the object who sucked him directly cut off the transmission channel, allowing all these energies to be scattered in the heavens and the earth.
这就导致伯思圣国主想要逆推对他下手的敌人是谁都不可能。
As a result, it is impossible for the Lord of the Holy Kingdom of Both to reverse the enemy who attacked him.
伯思圣走进一个魔法阵。 Bossaint walked into a magic circle.
一面魔镜亮起。 A magic mirror lit up.
一名英俊的青年出现在镜子中。
“发生了什么事？”
伯思圣对其恭敬行礼：“这具身体不行了，请问是否可以启动备用身体。”
英俊青年似乎正在炼制什么，闻言手中动作半点没停，只淡淡问道：“你也出事了？”
这个“也”字让伯思圣知道，出事的分身不止是他。
但英俊青年并不是很在乎，就算这具分身已经用了很多年。
“做好过度，不要让人察觉。”
“是。”
“还有什么事？”英俊青年见伯思圣还没有切断联系，抬头看向他。
伯思圣低头道：“银月帝国已经完全脱离控制，撒月琴死了，就在前天晚上。”
“撒月琴死了？”英俊青年微微皱眉，但也不是很在意：“对方的身体不是被那位大帝保持得很好吗？”
“我们的人上次看过，撒月琴的身体已经到了极限。但是……”
“说。”
“但是我身中诅咒，就是从撒月琴死亡当天开始，我怀疑撒尔曼很可能请了诅咒系法圣对我施展了术法追溯诅咒。”
“诅咒系法圣？”比起分身即将死亡和撒月琴的死，英俊青年更对这个诅咒系法圣感兴趣。
“还不确定是谁，但我们正在查。另外，据可靠消息，在我中诅咒的那天，银月帝国的两名继承人王叶和雷木也回到了银月。之后他们和撒尔曼有一天一夜都没露面。按理撒尔曼怎么也该准备两人回归的宫廷宴会。”
英俊青年一听王叶的名字，彻底停下手中动作：“你说王叶回到了撒尔曼身边，当天撒月琴死亡，而你中了无法解除的诅咒？你怀疑诅咒和王叶有关？”
“是。”伯思圣中肯地道：“王叶那小子年龄虽然小，但他能为他人不能为之事。七系精通，炼药更是炼制出了十级药剂，这样一个人他精通诅咒也不奇怪。”
“而且王叶参加各校大比那次，另一具分身拜月教第三月主也遭到了诅咒，另外撒埃德一家三口也同样被诅咒伤害。这些都可以证明王叶极有可能精通诅咒术法。”
“这家伙确实不容小觑。”当年王叶才九岁还是十岁，就能和压制实力的他进行势均力敌的比试，最后更刷了他，带着大堆好处逃出了知识之城。
英俊青年——知识之城现任城主伯里，他以前还没有把小孩子的王叶当做对手，但现在他觉得这个少年已经有资格让他正眼相看。
“裂隙战场那边的高层今年已经全部撤回，裂隙战场关闭，此后那些老家伙必然会把注意力都投放到双月星上来。通知那四个，让他们注意收缩，暂时不要做多余的事情。另外，多给我送一些蓝星群岛的人过来，他们的不死之力很有意思，我怀疑他们……”伯里没说完。
伯思圣再次恭敬行礼：“是。”
魔镜变暗。
伯思圣离开了这间密室。
谁能想到掌权多年、堂堂春木上国的国主只是那位伯里城主的分身之一？
不过说分身也不完全正确，应该说无论是伯思圣，还是那名第三月主，他们都有自己的思绪和感情，他们原本的人也存在，只是他们的身体一开始就被伯里控制了。
伯里的精神力可以直接降临他们的身体，所以他们也是伯里的分身。
伯思圣找到了现任王后，当晚和她同房，实际上是把人弄昏过去后，直接把一个肉球放进了王后腹中。
这个孩子长大，他也会成为伯里的分身。
可惜这个肉球不是最优选择，伯里正在培养的身体才是真正的神之子，但现在还没有培养好。
本来计划是等伯里把那具身体培养好后，就让那个孩子作为春木上国的继承人出生，而伯里则可以通过献祭和夺舍魔法阵，把他的灵魂转移到那具身体中。
伯思圣想：现在就需要他儿子先顶上，等以后再让位给孙子。
内心忽然冒出一股不甘，他不想死，而这个肉球也毕竟是他的血脉，却偏偏要在未来注定要给其他人让位，他……
伯思圣突然如遭雷击，整个人痛苦地佝成一团。
幸好这条秘密通道只有他，没有其他人看到他此时的丑态。
你说过要给我长生！你说过！伯思圣在脑中咆哮。
“你难道还不足够长生吗？我亲爱的父王。”伯里那充满讽刺的声音直接刺入伯思圣的大脑。
“而且现在可不是我害了你，是王叶，是撒尔曼大帝。你不要搞错仇人。”
伯思圣：“……”
另一头，撒尔曼大帝已经发现春木上国国主的异动，这位据说这段时间有些身体不适。
很好，他可以确定他的仇人了，虽然之前就已经确定。
现在不过是再次确认。
撒尔曼开始调动军队和暗中的超凡者力量，趁他病要他命，可不止是春木上国会做。
撒月琴醒了。
这位公主殿下刚睁开眼时就如婴儿，她的记忆力并没有立刻恢复。
撒尔曼、雷木和王叶陪伴了她几天。
六七天后，撒月琴的记忆一点点回归，她看着长大的雷木，想要流泪，发现自己流不出来，她哀伤，但那个度似乎还差一点。
总觉得没有真实感。
记忆中，明明还是一个比巴掌大不了多少的小婴儿，可感觉上只是转天，这个小婴儿就变成高高大大的青年了。
不过这样的撒月琴情绪也很平静，她断断续续地跟大帝还有雷木王叶述说了当年的事情。
事情经过和他们推测得差不多。
撒月琴并没有亲身怀孕，她外公伯思圣国主跟她提过，还跟她例举怀上这个孩子的诸多好处，但她拒绝了。
就如王叶所想，这位公主本身能力和实力都不错，又被大帝看重，她完全没必要生个男孩来巩固自己的地位。
况且为什么要生个儿子来当帝王，她自己当女帝不香吗？
但伯思圣国主违背了外孙女的意愿，利用她的侍女弄到了她的鲜血，而伯思圣手上竟然还有撒月琴当年出生时的胎盘。
中间发生了不少事，撒月琴是个有能力的公主，她在得知外公的想法（野心）后，就开始留意这位，并调查他的行动，还对身边侍者宫女展开排查。
撒月琴查到了出卖她的女仆，并拷问出一些关键消息。
只是碍于亲戚的情面，加上伯思圣前期和撒月琴培养的祖孙感情，让撒月琴无法把她调查到的事都告诉大帝。
她怕引来父皇的盛怒，害怕引起两国大战。
之后撒月琴通过自己的力量找到了伯思圣培育孩子的地方，并想法把孩子偷了出来。
考虑到这个孩子拥有撒家和兰道的共同血脉，撒月琴没有杀死这个孩子，而是交给了撒埃德抚养，还和对方定下契约。
撒月琴对这个孩子的感情很复杂，可以说没什么感情，就是看着他弱小，觉得他可怜，不想毁掉这条命。但她也不想这个孩子出现在王宫，成为银月帝国的继承人。
可她也不想这个孩子流落出去变成平民，所以她想让撒埃德夫妻抚养这个孩子，她不要求撒埃德将来把公爵之位传给这个孩子，因为她可以为这个孩子谋求爵位，她只要求撒埃德承认这个孩子是撒家血脉就可以。
这才是撒月琴把雷木交给撒埃德抚养的最真实原因。
但撒月琴没想到，她偷盗孩子的行为惹怒了她的外公伯思圣。
伯思圣觉得撒月琴不好控制，也想给她一点教训，就远程操控她。
本来伯思圣想利用撒月琴去带回孩子，并刺杀大帝，但撒月琴的精神力也很顽强，她不愿带回孩子，也不愿去刺杀大帝，抵抗的结果，就是她的精神核破碎，人也就此陷入昏迷。
这也是撒月琴没有想到的，她本来以为只要有她在，只要有她盯着，撒埃德夫妻就不敢不好好对待他们的“长子”。
“我很抱歉。”撒月琴已经从大帝那里知道了雷木这些年的遭遇，她是真心抱歉。
雷木摇摇头，只道：“你不欠我。也不用对我感到抱歉。”
撒月琴掠了掠头发，靠在背枕上，她沉默地看着雷木。
王叶在一边装壁花，不说话。他发现这位公主和他之前想象的几个模样都不一样，虽然能看到属于女孩子的柔美，但她的一举一动都流露出不自知的霸气。
这位公主，你压根就没办法用善和恶去形容。
她生来接受的就是帝王教育，她的思考角度也和普通女孩完全不一样。
情爱在她的生命中就不是重点。
当年她会喜欢上兰道，大概就是她的青春萌动期。
兰道拒绝她，她的青春期就结束了。
以后她也许会再喜欢上其他人，但不管是兰道，还是未来的谁，显然都不是她生命中最重要的。
就如雷木，这个流淌着她鲜血的孩子，对她来说也只是一个陌生人。
撒月琴对雷木说抱歉，实际上只是对她当年没有安排周全的歉意，并不是出于一个母亲对儿子的歉意。
雷木也明白这点。
也幸好他就没有期待过母亲，更不再是需要母亲的小孩子，否则这时候他恐怕也没法这么平静地面对这位公主。
王叶反而觉得这样更好，彼此认识，但也就这样，不需要成为彼此的牵挂。
而且有这位公主在，他和雷木的继承人责任也就可以彻底卸下来了。
雷木显然也是这么想的，这让他在看到撒尔曼大帝时，甚至是面带笑容，特别轻松地说出：“我们该走了，还有其他事要忙。”
大帝：“……”女儿刚醒来，孙子就要走，忽然就觉得自己家庭不幸福是怎么回事？
不管如何，王叶和雷木都要离开，连大帝为女儿醒来、孙子回归而特地举办的宫廷宴会都没参加。
撒月琴知道王叶付出极大代价（？）救活了她，对王叶郑重道谢，并表示王叶和雷木的继承人之位将在她的亲生孩子之上。
王叶戳戳雷木：“你是对的，我们赶紧走。远香近臭，我们不想和这位公主结仇，最好以后都少回来。”
“嗯，当个名誉王子就足够了，走吧。”雷木并不觉得这位公主的做法和态度有什么不对，相反她如果是个傻白甜，他和王叶还有撒尔曼大帝才要为银月帝国的未来担心。
撒尔曼大帝把这些都看在眼里，但他什么都没说。
他的女儿沉睡多年，优秀还是优秀，但还是当年那个做事有些稚嫩的大女孩，她需要学习和磨练的地方还很多。
His daughter has been sleeping for many years, and she is still excellent, but she is still the big girl who was a little immature in doing things back then, and she still needs to learn and hone a lot.
而王叶和雷木，他们显然志不在帝国，这对月琴和她的后代也是好事。
And Wang Ye and Lei Mu, they obviously don't have ambitions in the empire, which is also a good thing for Yueqin and her descendants.
但月琴显然没有处理好和这两个孩子的关系，如果月琴更加圆润和婉肯多投入一些感情，这两个孩子会成为她最好的臂助，可惜……
But Yueqin obviously didn't handle the relationship with these two children, if Yueqin was more mellow and willing to invest more affection, these two children would become her best help, but it's a pity......
不过这样也好，这样就能彻底放那两个孩子自由了。 But that's fine, so that the two children can be completely free.
撒尔曼以感谢王叶救活公主的名头，又赠送了他一批物资，其中包括一枚极为罕见的十级魔晶。
In the name of thanking Wang Ye for saving the princess, Salman gave him another batch of supplies, including an extremely rare tenth-level magic crystal.
王叶笑傻了，简直想抱着大帝亲两口，这可是十级魔晶！
Wang Ye smiled stupidly, he almost wanted to hug the emperor and kiss the two, this is a tenth-level magic crystal!
第410章 为什么没有神 Chapter 410: Why There Is No God
王叶临走时才跟大帝说了兰道失踪的事，主要前面也没有一个好的机会。
Wang Ye only told the Emperor about Lan Dao's disappearance when he left, and there was no good opportunity in front of him.
“他和闻笛以及疯药王在一起？去了魔界？”撒尔曼没想到疯药王竟然还活着，好吧，他已经转为亡灵，但只要疯药王的意识还在，这位就是炼药界的爸爸。
"He's with Wen Di and the Mad Medicine King? Went to the Demon Realm? "Salman didn't expect the Mad Medicine King to be alive, well, he has turned into an undead, but as long as the Mad Medicine King's consciousness is still there, this is the father of the medicine refining world.
王叶点头，补充道：“我和木木打算去找他们，不过我们现在实力太低。当年唐博古鼎留下的话，也是希望去往魔界的人至少达到十级。”
Wang Ye nodded and added, "Mu Mu and I plan to go to them, but our strength is too low now. When Tang Bo Guding left, he also hoped that the people who went to the Demon Realm would reach at least level ten. ”
大帝沉吟片刻：“兰道已经有接近十级的实力了吧？” The Great Emperor pondered for a moment: "Lan Dao already has a strength close to the tenth level, right?" ”
王叶嘿嘿一笑：“实际上兰道师父在第二关学堂那里就已经制作出好几个十级卷轴。”
大帝神色一振，眼中更激发了某种要奋发的亮光：“这么说他已经十级？很好！”
“您也想去魔界？”王叶猜出来。
大帝笑了笑：“我现在还无法丢开这个国家，而且还有神秘十四人以及智慧寄生虫族在这个世界捣乱，另外那些蓝星群岛人也是麻烦，整个世界都在动荡。等我联合其他人，把这些事都解决了，月琴也能成长起来，到时我再去找你们。”
王叶也笑，不过笑得有点坏：“这边去往魔界的通道就在第二关学堂后面，你们想要过去，恐怕得先在学堂里选择你的专业，然后考试突破十级后，才能进入后面的通道。”
大帝不以为意：“只要实力能达到十级，应该就能通过。”
王叶在心底呵呵，祝福了大帝能一切顺利。
最后的最后，王叶还是忍不住道：“蓝星群岛人不是双月星的最大问题，他们大多数都比较讲道理，只是民间人士比较松散，不好管理，你可以找他们官方合作，蓝星群岛中也有很多势力。至于怎么合作？军事、商贸、教育、医疗……您都可以考虑。”
撒尔曼大帝露出英雄所见略同的神情：“我已经在联系对方，实际上蓝星群岛那边有好几个大型势力联系我，我正在考虑和哪个势力合作，如果你对他们熟悉，能有所建议最好。”
王叶理所当然推荐了华夏：“以诚相交，相信我，您不会后悔。至于是不是官方组织，您只要看到华夏的军人，就能明白。如果您震惊，也不用感到威胁，学习就好。蓝星群岛秘境未来会关闭甚至脱离，就算仍旧保持和双月星的联系，也会限制进出人数。”
“哦？”撒尔曼想问王叶怎么知道这么多，但看王叶的眼神，他最终什么都没问。
王叶离开当天，撒尔曼就让外务大臣邀请了蓝星华夏的官方组织。
不久，蓝星名为华夏的雇佣兵团正式在双月星亮相，震惊整个双月。
撒尔曼：……提防还是要提防的，但先做朋友吧。
撒尔曼迅速派出手下最精英的大小将领，让他们去和华夏雇佣兵团打好交道（偷偷学习）。
华夏方：很好，可以训练士兵们实战了。比演习更真的实战，还能锻炼异能，又不怕死人，银月帝国还提供所有物资，这样的好事到哪里找？就让我们合作共赢吧。
其后也有其他蓝星官方组织组成的雇佣兵团和其他国家合作，双月星人利用蓝星人战斗，随后就发现蓝星某些大型雇佣兵团彼此一见面简直就跟世仇一样，不用他们催促就打得你死我活，顿时都安心许多。
蓝星内部不和，对双月星自然是好事。
而蓝星也通过这些战争，在锻炼自身的同时，也逐渐摸清了整个双月星的势力关系和各国实力，同时对双月星的超凡者有了更深刻的认识——十级大佬们人人都是核威胁啊！
所以双月星的十级大佬绝不会轻易开战，也极少站队。
随着银月帝国和春木上国开战，更多国家被卷入战争中。
等有的小国家甚至是中大型国家爆出他们的上层都已经被寄生虫族寄生，更大的战争爆发了。
蓝星群岛人成了最受欢迎的雇佣兵，也有许多蓝星人保护了被战争卷入的农民、奴隶、弱小智慧种族等。
很多蓝星人都把双月当游戏场，但当他们参入得越多、接触得人越多，他们也逐渐不能把这里完全当做游戏。
有些人不喜欢战争、不喜欢太现实的悲惨，他们有的要么退出游戏，要么就避开了战争，但留下的蓝星人很多都在成长，并在适应战争，更学会了如何在战争、灾难和纷乱中保护自己。
这时蓝星人还看不出学习和适应这些的好处，但未来……
对比上辈子，双月星整体似乎更乱，貌似到处都在打仗。
但实际上如果仔细分辨观察，就会发现各国派出的主要士兵多数都是雇佣兵，也就是蓝星人。而各国本国士兵都在转移和保护本国民众以及资源。
而除了人类，像是精灵族、海族、虫人族、巨人族、地下族等其他智慧种族都很安静，他们顶多派出一些雇佣兵参战，但并没有把战火引到自家。
只有兽人部落联盟内部似乎被查出有一个大族上层被寄生虫寄生，但他们得到秘密消息，反应及时，请精灵族帮忙辨认被寄生者，很快就把这支大族的被寄生者解决了。
但兽人联盟内部还是开战了，因为他们所在的大陆部分地区连续两年干旱，粮食缺乏，不内部互相抢夺，就得往外抢。
可别看现在人类各国人脑子都要打出狗脑子，实际上因为使用雇佣兵的缘故，他们本身的实力都保存得不错，如果兽人联盟敢把战火延伸到外面，说不定人类就要集结力量先打他们。
就在兽人各部落焦头烂额时，他们有些人再次收到了好友小叶子的联系。
小叶子向他们推荐了蓝星华夏这一组织，表示华夏拥有超多的农作物培育高手和环境治理大佬。如果和华夏合作，兽人部落可以缓解粮食饥荒问题。
兽人部落将信将疑，但他们不少人都深信小叶子不会骗他们，就和小叶子推荐的华夏联络员联络了。
结果就是……真香！
双月星虽然有大量的超凡者，他们的魔法也可以做到很多匪夷所思的事情。
但也不知道是阶层局限性，还是追求不同，极少有超凡者把精力花在改良环境和改良农作物上，他们更崇尚自然发展。
当然这也不是绝对，比如陨星学校的势力范围内，普通人都生活得不错，因为这里魔法盛行，各种改良都能见到。
但兽人绝大多数部落……怎么说呢，他们更崇尚武力，虽然他们也有善于动脑的种族，可很多发明创造或者发现，都需要有人能想到，更要有人愿意花大量时间和精力去研究，还不一定在一代内就有成果。
兽人部落的粮食饥荒问题现在还不严重，只是出现了一个苗头。现在有小叶子介绍的华夏人帮忙，这个苗头就没有扩大到不可收拾的地步。
受灾的兽人部落还被蓝星华夏人启发，开始了保护环境、改造环境和改良农作物、培育良种的新路程。
被智慧寄生虫族寄生改造的部落也只有一个，这个部落的情况被暴露后，也让其他部落都警醒起来。
寄生虫族无法再在兽人部落蔓延，加上蓝星群岛人听说兽人部落出现寄生虫族，呼啦啦地往兽人部落跑。
The parasitic zerg can no longer spread in the orc tribe, and the people of the Blue Star Islands heard that there are parasitic zergs in the orc tribe, so they hula and ran towards the orc tribe.
这些蓝星人虽然给兽人部落带来不少麻烦，但他们也同样带来了不少好处。
Although these Blue Star people have caused a lot of trouble to the orc tribe, they have also brought a lot of benefits.
尤其他们对抓寄生虫族特别感兴趣。 In particular, they are particularly interested in catching parasitic insects.
为啥？
因为那对寄生在一对母子身上的虫王和虫母到底还是被抓住了，而这个虫王比较小心谨慎，发展下属比较慢，所以它的虫巢也没怎么发展。
为此，当它死亡后，虫巢就从它身上脱离出来。
对，有玩家得到了虫巢，还真的变成了随身空间。
这个消息传出，那个玩家立刻改头换面隐藏了起来，但其他玩家就更疯狂啦。
兽人部落因为大量玩家涌入，变得热闹无比。
兽人高层为了应付这些蓝星群岛人，也顾不上彼此干架。
王叶收到兽人族朋友们的回信，笑了。
长生会、拜月教、屠魔教和真神会这四大组织明明收到上面命令，要他们收缩和隐藏，但眼见整个双月星的人类国家有六七成都被卷入战争，他们就坐不住了。
最顶层能坐得住，中下层也坐不住。他们认为这是最好的掠夺资源和人口，并发展壮大教会的最好机会。
但四大教会的人显然忘记了有些人并没有参与战争，这些人还偏偏都是双月星的顶层超凡大佬们。
可以说，这些大佬就在盯着这四大组织和他们背后的神秘十四人有什么动静。
大佬们不怕他们动，就怕他们不动，如今看他们动起来，立刻就把鱼饵撒了下去。
好多大佬用化形术、变形药剂等手段把自己变成青葱少男少女甚至是幼童，他们就这么被骗、抢、卖、送入四大组织。
而四大组织的中低层干事还在为他们这段时间弄到的优异货色兴奋，恨不得世界更乱一点才好。
这些少年男女和幼童大部分都被作为实验体，被他们送入上层……
螳螂捕蝉黄雀在后，猎人举起了枪。
现在谁是最终胜利者，谁也不知道。但整个双月星乱中有序，整个星球从政治体系到超凡体系都在借此机会经历天翻地覆的变化却是没错的。
王叶这边也在水龙意识的指点下，找到了神秘的龙族族地。
这是一个空荡荡的秘境，里面环境极好，地方也极大。
龙族能舍得留下这么好的老家离开，也是够果断的。
水龙又指点王叶找到一片龙神果树林。
“我记得这里原来只有一棵瘦小的龙神果树，没想到现在竟然成长出一片果林。”水龙让王叶移植了几棵龙神果树进入虫巢。
“别移植太多，这种树特别耗费土地养分，这种果树种多了也没用。”水龙警告王叶。
王叶心想怎么会没有？
他刚刚用鉴定术鉴定过这些龙神树，这种树木简直全身都是宝，尤其是它结出的果子，培本固元、强身健体、促进发育、修复缺损基因、开发大脑、提升精神力、延缓衰老、补充能量……功用诸多！
怪不得叫龙神果。
但王叶是个听得进建议的人，他只移栽了三棵龙神果树，不过他把这片林子里所有成熟的龙神果都摘了下来。
对此，水龙意识倒没有反对。这里都没有龙族了，那些龙神果留着也是浪费。
龙神果有个特点，它成熟后不会自动掉落，只要你不采摘，它就可以一直挂在树上。
而这里之所以能形成一片林子，应该是有其他动物鸟雀来啄食龙神果，被吃掉的龙神果种子落到地上，自然慢慢发芽成长。
王叶听到了鸟叫声，那叫声充满急切和愤怒。
可也许有水龙意识在的缘故，那鸟雀并没有飞过来。
王叶也没理睬那鸟雀，都不是果林的主人，他还算得上是被邀请的，那鸟压根就不具有这片果林的合法拥有权。
再说他只采摘了成熟的龙神果，还在发育中的他都没动。
那鸟大概也是发现这点，后来就没叫了。
王叶一直感觉到有什么在盯着他，数量还不少，他都假装不知。
除了龙神果，龙族秘境的好东西很多，就算龙族当年带走了不少，但他们也没有把所有好东西都断根，经过几千上万年自然生长，好东西只比原来多，不比原来少。
王叶舔舔嘴唇，收起贪心。
这里没有了龙族，但还有其他大量动物，其中不少都是魔兽。
虽然他不怕这些魔兽，但也没必要得罪这些魔兽。
而且这个龙族秘境真的太大了，他再怎么采集也不可能把这个秘境搬空。
不过他把小光它们放了出来，让它们去自由采集和吸收。
小光特别兴奋，咿咿，这里能量好充足，好吃的好多，她喜欢这里。
“咿呀！小的们，跟我走！”小光带着上千手下飞向远方。
王叶还把小云也叫出来了。
小云认识药草，更何况虫巢中有疯药王、闻笛和虫老，小云天天和这些大佬混，药学知识真不比王叶差多少。
小云收植物和王叶不同，他看起来更像是玩耍。
最后王叶也只采集了一些龙族特有的植物和材料，收集了一些小云说是口感好的果物根茎之类，其他基本都没动。
水龙意识一直在观察王叶，他除了一开始提醒王叶不要移植太多龙神果树，后面都没怎么说话，只在指路的时候示意一下。
事实上，水龙已经观察王叶很长很长时间，王叶做的事情，他基本都看在了眼中。
他知道王叶是地球人，也知道王叶很有可能有过非常不可思议的奇遇。
他更看出来这个少年在试图改变什么、推动什么，只是他不愿意走到人前，更喜欢打辅助。但他可以确定，这个少年对他的家乡地球、对双月星都抱有善意，他深切希望两个世界都好好的。
“看到最高的山峰了吗？翻过去。”
王叶就这么在水龙的指点下，不知不觉地来到了海边。
大海一望无际，无边无沿，靠近海边的海水极为清澈。
王叶回头看，他刚刚翻过水龙口中最高的高山。
那山看着就像是两只交颈的巨龙，但体型超大。
“就是这里，把我骸骨拿出来，放到海边。”水龙意识传音。
王叶依言行事。
雷木已经腾出龙头骨花盆。
水龙的骸骨看起来还算完整。
就在王叶想着水龙是不是亲水，才会让他把骸骨送到这边，就看到水龙骸骨忽然腾空而起，就这么投入了大海中。
“这里是我们所有龙族的埋骨地。这片海洋也是让我们龙族诞生的祖地。我们生于此，也归于此。”
海洋上空竟然浮现出一道龙的身影。
王叶抬起头。
水龙身影飞到王叶近前：“小家伙，谢谢你把我送回来，我还能保护你一百天，一百天后我的能量会全部消散，就此回归天地，而你就会被这个秘境排斥出去。”
王叶挑眉：“一百天？你不希望我现在就离开？”
水龙发出笑声：“你看到我们族地有多少好东西了吧，难道你不心动吗？我给你一百天时间，你可以尽情收集。”
王叶主动道：“但是？”
“哈哈哈！我喜欢有脑子的小家伙。是的，有但是。”水龙意识微微一顿，道：“小家伙，你知道双月星为什么没有神魔吗？”
这也是王叶感到奇怪的一点。双月星历史相当悠久，可能还有过几次文明灭绝又复兴。但传承如此长久的双月星竟然没有著名的神灵，不管哪一族都没有。
包括魔法师在内，他们使用魔法从来不会借用某个神灵的力量。
就连四大教派，他们顶多崇拜双月，也没有竖立某个神灵之名，这点对于野心家们来说就相当古怪了，因为竖立一个神灵出来是最容易收集信仰和给人洗脑的。
当然，双月星人也会说神灵、魔神，但这种就是泛指，并没有具体对象。
“因为魔法？”王叶猜测。
水龙笑道：“根子其实在树人族身上。树人族因为寿命绵长，他们能活很久，甚至他们本身就是历史记录者，就算他们身体死去，你抚摸他们的树身，仍旧能‘听’到他们记录的历史内容。”
“树人族明明白白地告诉所有双月星人，这世界是由能量构成，那些看似拥有神灵一样力量的存在不过是修炼的生灵。而超凡者能获得的能量，也不是来源于神灵，而是这个世界和宇宙本身。”
“至于能量哪里来的，世界怎么形成的，树人族表示他们还没有勘透，需要后人一起努力去寻找根源，但绝不是神灵。有人提出神灵至高论，树人就会问他们神灵又是哪里来的？是谁创造出了神灵，而创造神灵的存在又是谁创造的？”
王叶莞尔。双月星有这么头脑清醒又德高望重的种族，神灵说想在这里大兴真太难了。
水龙：“所以异能者虽然有段时间被称为神眷者，他们也是最初的贵族，但这些贵族也只敢称自己为神眷者，而不敢说自己是神灵，更不敢具体竖立某个神灵形象。”
“后来越来越多的超凡者出现，尤其是魔法师们，他们反感神眷者这个称呼，这个称呼就消失了。”
“你知道魔法师是怎么来的吗？”水龙又问。
王叶：“因为魔族传播过来的知识？”
水龙笑：“这点也没说错。我再问你，你知道双月星的超凡者也就是神眷者们是怎么出现的吗？他们又是怎么修炼的？”
“呃，自然出现，自然总结？”
“呵呵，这么说也不算错。那么你认为树人族、海族、兽人族、虫人族、地底族，包括我们龙族和精灵族，我们的力量根源和修炼体系又是怎么来的？”
王叶觉出味儿了，这位水龙似乎想向他透露某个至关重要的大秘密。
“您是说，在魔族的魔法出现在双月星之前，双月星其实就拥有自己的术法体系？”
“不只是术法体系，而是形成一切超凡知识的本源。”水龙扭头望向大海南边，爪子伸出：“小家伙，顺着我指的方向往前走，记得用你的心去感知这里的能量本源，然后就看你的运气如何。这可能会花你很长时间，最后你还极有可能一无所获。”
"It's not just a system of magic, it's the source of all transcendent knowledge." The water dragon turned his head to look at the south side of the sea, and stretched out his paws: "Little guy, go forward in the direction I pointed, remember to use your heart to perceive the source of energy here, and then it depends on your luck." This can take you a long time, and in the end, you will most likely end up with nothing. ”
“因为这也只是我们龙族的一个传说，真正触发奇迹的龙，至今只有我们的王，而他在触发那个奇迹的五百年后，就坚定不移地带着所有龙族离开了双月星。”
"Because this is just a legend of our dragon clan, the dragon who really triggered the miracle is only our king so far, and five hundred years after he triggered that miracle, he unswervingly left the Double Moon Star with all the dragons."
“记住，你只有一百天时间，你可以选择去寻找我说的奇迹，你也可以选择利用这一百天时间好好在我们龙族秘境逛一逛，丰富你的虫巢空间。你自己选择！”
"Remember, you only have a hundred days, you can choose to find the miracle I said, or you can choose to use this hundred days to take a good look around our dragon secret realm and enrich your hive space. The choice is yours! ”
“为什么不提醒金宝？有这样的好事，您应该会把机会留给金宝吧？”王叶不是怀疑水龙用心不良，他只是有疑问就想问个明白。
"Why don't you remind Jinbao? With such a good thing, you should leave the opportunity to Jinbao, right? Wang Ye didn't suspect that Shui Long had bad intentions, he just wanted to ask if he had any questions.
水龙甩了甩尾巴：“龙族秘境就在这里，金宝如果将来选择变成龙族，他就能自己进入这里，到时他想尝试，也可以自己去感受去尝试。现在就让他过来，还太早了。”
The water dragon flicked his tail: "The secret realm of the dragon clan is here, if Jinbao chooses to become a dragon clan in the future, he will be able to enter here by himself, and when he wants to try, he can also feel and try it himself." It's too early to let him come over now. ”
王叶有些明白了：“您说的那个奇迹触发是有条件的，对吗？”
Wang Ye somewhat understood: "The miracle trigger you said is conditional, right?" ”
“我不知道具体什么条件，但我们那位王也是一位博学者，他非常聪明。而触发那个奇迹，并不限定于龙族，所以我想，也许可以让你试一试。”
"I don't know what the conditions are, but our king is also a polymath, and he is very intelligent. And triggering that miracle isn't limited to dragons, so I thought maybe I could give it a try. ”
“谢谢您给我这个机会。”王叶真心道谢。
这样的秘密，如果水龙不跟他说，他永远都不会知道。
“看你的运气吧！”水龙长啸一声，像是回应，随后尾巴一摆就投入海水中。
运气？王叶更相信自己的实力。
水龙已经跟他透露出一些触发奇迹的关键信息，那就是博学，还有就是要感知能量本源。
那就试试吧。王叶面朝南方，迈出了脚步。
第411章 本源规则
王叶觉得自己现在的行为特傻逼。
他已经走了整整两天。
除了感觉到海风的清凉，看到满沙滩到处乱爬的小螃蟹，还有各种被潮水冲上来的海货，以及大量贝壳，他什么都没有感觉到。
这里的海水甚至没有什么腥味，海风带来的是爽朗清醒的气息，略微有些水汽，但很舒服。
不不不，他还是感觉到能量的。
这里的能量似乎比其他地方的能量更加活泼？
他能感觉到能量环绕着自己。
如果他是元素系，现在应该也能看到大量的元素围绕着他。
但也就是这样了，更多的他就没有感觉到了。
王叶停下脚步，他不想再这么傻乎乎地走下去。
海水仍旧看不到尽头，但前方就是一个很大的海湾，粉红色的沙滩、红色的树林充满童话气息。
这要是在地球，这里一定会成为极为热闹的网红打卡点。
但美景并没能打动王叶。
如果不是他一直在用精神力感知这里的能量本源，他早就因为枯燥无聊放弃。
这条海岸线真的太长了，他越走越暴躁。
“木木，”
“嗯？”
“我想你。”
“我就在你身边。”缠在手腕上的细丝动了动。
王叶如真正少年一般鼓起嘴巴：“我想和你并肩而行，我想你和我一起吃饭喝饮料，我现在能做好多美食，佛跳墙我都会做了。可我不管做多少，你都不能吃，师父们也大多不在，那帮小的除了嗷嗷叫，什么都不懂。”
才两天，小叶子就不耐烦了吗？这可不太像爱学习、爱钻研，对各种奇怪事情都抱有旺盛好奇心的小叶子。
雷木的精神力下意识包裹住王叶，又迅速散开，他怕耽误王叶感知这里的能量本源。
王叶有些暴躁，他就是想要雷木的精神力包裹住他。
他不在乎会不会遇到奇迹，他宁可把这一百天时间全用来和木木和家里成员在海边度假，真正的度假，不做任何作业的那种。
偏偏他心里又知道他不可能随便拿一百天时间来浪费。
虽然现在还不到他上辈子进入游戏的时间，虽然距离两个世界毁灭似乎还有很多年。
但实际上所有苗头早就出现了。
他已经在努力改变，可又害怕改变太多。
谁也不知道他的心理压力有多大。
他既希望因为自己的重生，给两个世界带来更好的未来。又害怕自己的重生，让两个世界变得更糟糕，甚至灾难都会提前发生。
可这些话他谁也不能说，他不想把自己的压力转嫁到其他人身上。
这就导致，这里这么好的风景，他竟然不能让自己有一颗度假的心，而是跟做任务一样，必须在这里感受水龙说的能量本源。
他讨厌这里的能量！
王叶同时在心里呼喊：冷静，有什么不对，你被影响了。
可王叶又任性地想：影响就影响呗，老子不在乎！
雷木身影出现，伸手。
王叶也伸手，抓住了那只虚影。
不是虚影，是细丝构成的手。
王叶傻傻笑了两声，还甩了甩那只手。
雷木抬起另一只手，摸了摸他的头发。
王叶眯眼，不是真正的手的触感，但还是好舒服。木木的精神力让他感到安心，甚至让他的暴躁感都降低许多。
王叶分出一半精神力去做自我诊断，剩下的一半精神力则放纵自己偷懒。
“这里风景极美。”雷木与他并肩而立。
“是啊。”王叶远眺夕阳西下，看着两个月亮跟夕阳处在同一地平线。
两人就这么手牵着手，站在沙滩上看夕阳、看海。
王叶仰头，感受海风。
有光芒在他眼前闪过，是萤火虫？
王叶惊讶，这里也有萤火虫吗？也许只是类似的小生灵。
但当王叶仔细去看，却什么都没有发现。
王叶微微侧头，把肩膀靠在雷木的肩膀上，他现在的肩高已经和雷木差不多。
“我现在很强大。”雷木道。
王叶一愣，“嗯？”
“我说别看我现在的本体还是一株嫩芽，实际上我很强大，比原来强大得多，而且我应该能突破到十一级。”雷木极有信心地说道。
王叶单纯为雷木高兴：“太好了！”
雷木侧头，看向王叶：“所以我会保护好你。”
王叶感到自己心脏跳动有点快，觉得此刻的木木帅得天地无光闭月羞花。
嗷！他已经找不到合适的形容词了，反正木木就是帅，特别帅！
“你相信我吗？”雷木问。
王叶用力点头：“相信。”
雷木松开手，单手按在少年的肩膀上：“那么去做任何你想做的事情，我将是你最坚实的后盾，无论何时何地，无论遇到什么样的危险，我都会守在你身边。如果你死，我必会与你一同，绝不会让你茕茕孑立踽踽独行。”
“木木！”王叶嗷地一声大叫，用力抱住了他的木木，哪怕这只是一团细丝撑起来的人形。
雷木轻拍他的肩膀。
王叶再看这风、这海、这天空、这周围的一切，只觉得无处不美，无处不合眼，他身处其中只觉舒适。
老天爷，如果你真的存在，我感谢你把木木送到我身边。
我会珍惜现在拥有的一切，同样，我也会拼命保护住我现在的一切，我还贪心地想要一切变得更好！
两人在海边坐下，还做了一顿海鲜大餐。
接下来，王叶和雷木两个在海边玩了足足两天，期间他们聊天打屁吹牛胡扯，下海捕鱼掏贝壳，把附近海域都祸祸了一遍，王叶还偷偷往虫巢里又放了一点这里的海水和海生物。
王叶还感叹幸亏把家里小的都放出去，他才能和雷木过二人世界。
雷木笑，这个二人世界有点歧义，不过没关系，他们两人明白其中意思就好。
靳蜘蛛：你们是不是把我给忘了？
另一半的王叶：我好恨！虽然知道另一半也是我自己，但好想打死他，换我来！
两天后，王叶四仰八叉地躺在沙滩上，整个人懒成了一滩水。
“木木，我感觉这里的能量确实和其他地方有些不一样，有些像地球那边喷发的能量。”
勤劳的王叶回归，带来了重要信息。他确实被影响了，但属于自然状态的影响，这里的能量和外界能量不一样，就像磁场不同，给他的身体和精神力都带来了一些不适。
“哦？”
“就是师父们口中说的原始魔力，只不过像是……被稀释了，对，就是这个感觉！”王叶为自己找到准确形容而高兴。
一只，两只萤火虫从他眼前悄悄飞过。
王叶伸手想要抓住萤火虫。
但这小小的萤火虫速度其快，一闪就不见了。
嗯？王叶眯眼。
就连小萤火虫都开始欺负他了吗？
更多萤火虫出现了，在他四周飞来飞去，一闪一闪就好像故意在诱惑他伸手去抓它们。
“木木，你看到没有？”
“看到什么？”
“萤火虫。”
“萤火虫？”
“对，等等……不是萤火虫，这是什么？”王叶保持着伸手的姿势，表情十分迷离，他像是看到了什么不可思议的东西。
雷木也凝聚精神力向王叶眼睛看去的方向看去，但他什么都没有看到。
王叶惊讶，这些根本不是萤火虫，而是……忽闪忽闪的纹路？
这些纹路就好像有人甩动烟火形成的光带。
王叶更加仔细去看这些飞舞的纹路。
逐渐的，他发现这些不是纹路，而是一个又一个独立的符号。
他只能用符号来形容，因为那些纹路对他来说是完全陌生的。
发着光芒的符号越来越清楚，也越来越多。
像是文字，像是符号，更多还像是意义不明的随手涂鸦。
王叶静下心。
水龙让他感知力量本源，他不知道他现在是否感知到了，他确实从这些符号中感觉到了不同一般的能量，就好像蕴含魔力的古魔文。
但他又十分肯定这不是魔族的文字。
也不是双月星的通用文字。
那这些符号是什么？
假设这些符号就是能量本源的形象化，那么他是不是要去理解这些符号所代表的意思？
王叶更加仔细和用心地去观察这些符号，当他能熟练感知这些符号后，他甚至还能分心去再次询问雷木：“木木，你看到了吗？”
雷木不确定自己是否看到，他似乎通过王叶的精神力感知到什么。
一片朦胧的亮光，就像看不清楚的光影，在他眼前跳跃晃动。
他想看清楚它们，可它们却调皮地跑开，过一会儿又聚拢。
雷木把注意力集中到光影最多的地方，久久才道：“我看到了。这是……能量本源的具现化？”
王叶心中一动：“你看到的都是什么样？有多少？”
雷木形容：“不算很多，我只看到几个……也许不能用个来形容，而是片，一片一片，它们大多连成一体，在我周围自由飞舞。那里有一根石柱，那里目前聚集着最多的光影。”
王叶跳起来，瞬移到那根石柱边。
雷木脱口道：“这是魔器，是炼金术。我似乎有点明白了，我去周围看看。”
一根细丝从王叶手腕延伸出去，很快就越伸越长，看不见了。
“对了，你看到了什么？还是萤火虫？”雷木仍旧保持着和王叶的精神联系。
王叶回答：“不，是……符号、文字、图形。很多很多，越来越多，已经称得上密密麻麻，有的成片，有的单独飘荡。”
雷木思考：“你知道这代表什么意思吗？”
王叶推测：“看来那位水龙说的能量本源指的就是这些符号，而这些符号就是构成双月星原本术法体系的文字、符号和规则。就像是数学和文字撑起了地球的科技体系，魔文和魔法符号撑起了魔法，这些就是双月星的本源文。”
雷木也同样如此认为：“每个人看到的也许都不一样。”
王叶想起水龙的原话，脱口道：“也许跟我们掌握的知识面有关。你看到的不多，但可能你看到的都与炼金术有关，比如你看那根石柱上的符号和光亮就特别明显。”
“确实说得通。如果是这样的话，仅仅只是感知到能量本源还不够，你得理解它！”雷木的细丝回到王叶手腕上。他确定过了，他确实能看到炼金物上的光芒和古怪符号。
雷木又道：“这里的炼金物品时间都很长了，换言之它们被炼制出来的时间应该是龙族离开之前，那时候魔族的魔文和魔法知识还没有过来，那么是不是说在龙族存在的时期，甚至更久远以前，双月星就拥有着不亚于魔族的术法文明？”
王叶则在想水龙想让他寻找能量本源的意义。
可惜水龙沉入海中后，无论他怎么呼唤，对方都不肯出来。
“水龙是想让我学会并掌握这些本源文吗？”王叶推测。
好吧，他承认他对这些在他周围闪亮的本源文也非常感兴趣。
这可是这个世界的最基本构成。
就像电脑中的程序语言。
它们是这个世界的规则，是构成这个世界的最基础。
王叶打量这些飞荡在他身边的本源文，打算一个个解析它们。
很快，王叶就沉迷进去。
两个月后，隔壁小王在极度危险的游戏论坛发表了一个帖子。
帖子名叫做：能量本源构成会改变。
它的全文并不长，内容如下：
朋友们，地球拥有语文、数学、物理、化学、音乐、医学……等诸多学科，实际上这些学科全都源自于一个学科，那就是能量本源的认识和应用。
如今，我在双月星发现这个世界的能量本源和地球有相似之处，也有不同之处。
比如双月星就没有五行学说，这个世界不是金生水，而是水生金、水生土、水生木，水生万物！
但这是古早以前。现在的双月星，它不再遵守水生万物的规则，它的本源规则改变了。
我想说的是，改变一个世界的能量本源，就会彻底改变这个世界生物的生命形态。
而这个世界的生灵也必须要适应新的改变，还要去了解现在以及过去的世界能量本源规则是什么，以及它们的区别是什么，对生灵有什么具体影响。
就好像一个原本以水能量为足的世界，她的生灵本身绝大多数也是以水能量为主。
可后期，火能量来了，更加复杂的其他能量来了，它们改变这个世界，也改变了这个世界的生灵的基因和身体构造。
所以原来的修炼方法没用了，但新的修炼方法也不是特别适合，这就是双月星的现状。
Therefore, the original cultivation method is useless, but the new cultivation method is not particularly suitable, this is the current situation of the Double Moon Star.
只有了解并掌握原本源规则和新本源规则的区别，双月星的生灵才有可能快速突破新规则，否则他们只能慢慢等待他们的身体和世界能量逐渐同步。
Only by understanding and mastering the difference between the original source rules and the new origin rules can the creatures of the Double Moon Star quickly break through the new rules, otherwise they can only wait slowly for their bodies and world energy to gradually synchronize.
双月星在百万年前被无数从天而降的陨石所带来的新物种、新能量成分，改变了双月星原有的能量本源。
Millions of years ago, the new species and new energy components brought by countless meteorites falling from the sky changed the original energy source of the Twin Moon Star.
所以双月星的能量本源规则改变了。 Therefore, the rules of the energy origin of the Double Moon Star have changed.
而地球也即将迎来改变，不是来自内部的变化，而是来自外界的干涉。
And the earth is about to change, not from within, but from outside interference.
当外界的生物和能量大量降临地球，我们的能量体系说不定会颠覆，也就是我们现在修行的功法很可能会在短期内变得无用，包括我们的武器系统都有可能失效，虽然这一切只是我的猜测，但请让我们做好准备吧！
When a large number of creatures and energy from the outside world descend on the earth, our energy system may be subverted, that is, the exercises we are practicing now are likely to become useless in the short term, including our weapon system may fail, although all this is just my guess, but please let us get ready!
看到这里，是不是有些人很绝望，想要自杀？ Seeing this, are some people desperate and want to commit suicide?
不好意思，以上只是我的猜测，如果你先死了，不就什么都看不到了？
Excuse me, but that's just my guess, if you die first, won't you see nothing?
另外，我的推测也只是说暂时变得无用，因为有个能量适应期，等度过这个适应期……谁知道未来会是什么样？
In addition, my speculation is that it will be useless for the time being, because there is an energy adaptation period, and after this adaptation period...... Who knows what the future holds?
也许强者会变成弱者，弱者反过来变成强者。 Maybe the strong will become weak, and the weak will in turn become strong.
男人可以拥有子宫，女人随便练练就能长出肌肉。 Men can have wombs, and women can grow muscles by practicing casually.
一切皆有可能！ Anything is possible!
第412章 远古之王 Chapter 412: The Ancient King
异能局方老等人正在等待结果。 The elders of the Abnormal Ability Bureau and others are waiting for the results.
王叶在发出那则信息的同时，信息监测部门就在监测和分析民众反应。
While Wang Ye sent out that message, the information monitoring department was monitoring and analyzing the people's reaction.
没错，王叶在发出那则消息之前，就已经先跟异能局通过气。
That's right, before Wang Ye sent out that news, he had already communicated with the Ability Bureau.
实际上王叶是希望由异能局来提醒大家，让大家做好迎接地球有可能异变的准备。
In fact, Wang Ye hopes that the Ability Bureau will remind everyone that everyone is ready for possible changes in the earth.
异变指的也不是现在的能量复苏，而是地球以外带来的改变。
The mutation does not refer to the current energy revival, but to the changes brought about outside the earth.
但异能局以及有关部门一起商讨后，认为在事情还没有明朗化的现在，官方就提出正式警告，容易引起慌乱，也会引来其他国家的抨击。
However, after discussing with the Bureau of Abnormal Abilities and the relevant departments, it was believed that before the matter became clear, the official issued an official warning, which was likely to cause panic and attract criticism from other countries.
而隔壁小王现在名气非常高，又是众所周知的“官方游戏人员”，让他先试探一下民众反应，给大家做个铺垫，效果可能更好。
And Xiao Wang next door is now very famous, and he is a well-known "official game personnel", let him test the people's reaction first, and give everyone a foreshadowing, the effect may be better.
实际上也确实如此，多新闻多平台、无数人转发了王叶发的帖子。
In fact, it is true, many news and platforms, and countless people have reposted Wang Yefa's post.
是有些人在慌乱，在询问王叶是否有什么内部可靠消息，又问具体什么时候地球会有异变，外来者又是谁，是不是外星人。
Some people were flustered, asking Wang Ye if he had any reliable internal news, and asked when there would be changes on the earth, who the outsiders were, and whether they were aliens.
还有人喊着地球就要变成丧尸世界、宇宙清道夫虫族来临、宇宙魔方降临所有人都要接受试炼、高纬度文明将在地球开直播、地球将变成宇宙海盗牧场……等等让人只感到他们很兴奋，却感觉不到他们恐惧的奇葩言谈。
There are also people shouting that the earth is about to become a zombie world, the cosmic scavenger zerg is coming, the cosmic Rubik's Cube is coming, everyone has to be tested, high-latitude civilizations will start live broadcasts on the earth, and the earth will become a cosmic pirate ranch...... And so on, people only feel that they are very excited, but they do not feel the strange words that they are afraid of.
但总体来说，并没有人为此要死要活，也没有人立刻冲出门□□。
But on the whole, no one was going to die for it, and no one immediately rushed out of the door □□.
就算有人想，可在大家都注射了初级基因药剂后，一个老太都可能一巴掌把你扇飞，当然你也同样能做到，但在大家都“持枪”的情况下，反而谁也不敢随便乱动。
Even if some people want to, after everyone has been injected with primary genetic drugs, an old lady may slap you away, of course, you can do the same, but in the case of everyone "holding guns", no one dares to move casually.
尤其现在街道上到处可见巡逻的军警人员，还有大量自动自发帮助巡街的志愿者——这些人好多都是老头老太，他们现在身体好，满腔热情无处释放，当维持治安的志愿者当得特别积极。
In particular, there are now military and police officers patrolling the streets, and there are a large number of volunteers who voluntarily help patrol the streets - many of these people are old men and women, who are now in good health, full of enthusiasm and nowhere to release, and they are particularly active as volunteers to maintain law and order.
而且现在官方还掌握了一种新型药剂，名为退化药剂，也有人戏称它为散功药剂。敢有人在这时仗着进化后的身体和异能闹事，直接一针退化药剂下去，你就只能当个普通人了。
就问现在全民进化、还不断出现异能者的情况下，谁愿意做一个普通人？
退化药剂并不是王叶贡献，而是国家部门自己研究出来的，他们在基因进化药剂的主药材变异黑沙棘林中，发现那里生存的变异沙漠怪蜥的毒囊之毒就有摧毁基因的功效。
所以退化药剂实际上应该是基因崩溃药剂。
而且这种药剂目前无解，一旦注射，就无法逆反。幸好这种基因崩溃不会遗传到后代身上。
故此，国家对这种药剂也极为谨慎，不过这并不妨碍他们拿出这种药剂作为震慑。
方老等人听到信息部门的汇报，全都松了口气。
当会议室只剩下几个人时，一位穿着军装的大佬低声询问方老：“隔壁小王是从哪里得到的消息？他怎么知道要有外界影响降临？”
方老高深莫测地道：“你们知道双月星有预言系吧？另外当年凤仙镇曾经出现大量镇民做次日预知梦的怪事，当时有一名来自坚果国的商人，他在凤仙镇失踪，失踪前他曾经在拘留室里留下这么一句话。”
投影仪投出一张照片。
【魔鬼、地震、怪物、疫病、伪神、饥饿、战争、陨石，世界毁灭！】
上方是原文，下方是翻译的华夏文。
会议室内的几位大佬看着墙壁上的投影内容，全都毛骨悚然。
如果这真的是预言，那也太可怕了！
“我们地球有预言者？隔壁小王？”一位大佬突然道。
方老摇头，“不是隔壁小王，但确实是他挖来的信息。”
方老又略显轻松地笑道：“大家也不用太担心，把这个当做一个警告看就好。预言系最喜欢的一个说法就是未来有无数可能，他们给出的预言只是他们看到的最清楚的一幕。”
“怪不得……”有大佬想到国家某些行动，心中有数了。
“带来外界改变因素的是陨石？”另一名大佬问。
方老手指敲了敲桌面：“这是最大可能。”
“其他都还好说，我们能想办法应对。但陨石，这要怎么对付？用导弹打碎？这个陨石具体有多大？”军装大佬说。
方老叹息一声：“现在并不确定这群陨石有多大。”
“群？！”
“对，数量相当多。如果它们都能在大气层中烧光最好，就怕……”
众大佬沉默。
军装大佬开口：“问题需要一个一个解决。在担心陨石群会带来外星人或其他什么东西造成地球异变之前，我们恐怕得先想办法解决陨石群。否则只要有一两颗体型巨大的陨石落向地球，人类就要退出历史舞台了。”
“我们能知道陨石群降落的详细时间吗？如果能知道，我们就能提前部署。而且这是全世界所有人的事情，我们应该通知其他国家，到时所有国家一起联合，对陨石群发射导弹，尽量把它们都阻挡在地球大气层外，最起码要把它们打碎得足够小。”
方老清清嗓子：“这次请你们来就是商议此事。我们异能局只能提供部分信息，详细还需要……，而且因为消息不明确，我们只能……，建议监视木星……，地球外部增加监控卫星……，另外……”
异能局的这场会议只是一个开始。
接下来将有多部门协作，共同监测木星和其他有可能降临地球的小行星，同时做出各种预想，并根据这些预想，进行作战分析……
半年后，一份不知道修改了多少版的全球联合作战计划放到了大老板的桌子上。
半年前，王叶在龙族族地最初之海的海边感知到双月星的能量本源，学习并掌握了本源文。
他之所以联系方老，又发出那样的帖子，就是从双月星的变化得到启发。
他仔细回忆单天行的一生，尤其是关系到蓝星群岛人的部分，从中获得了一个重要信息。
不是所有蓝星人都消失了。
有部分蓝星群岛人在双月星留下，但他们无法再回到自己的家乡，也就是无法再回到蓝星群岛。
他们只能使用那具游戏给予的能量具现化身体，在双月星生活。
而在这之前，大量蓝星群岛人消失。
这些因为某些机缘巧合留在双月星的蓝星人透露了一个消息，天降陨石时，蓝星并没有完全毁灭，但所有蓝星生命都昏倒了，之后就再也没有醒来。
能醒来的都在游戏中（双月星）了，而且能在游戏中醒来的人当时都在游戏仓中。他们是少数在蓝星发现有人可以通过网络直接杀死游戏者大脑后还敢继续游戏的人。
他们大多都对双月星有着深深的留恋，或者就是有能力逃避地球现实的人。
王叶通过这则信息再结合其他收集到的情报一起分析，判断地球并没有被陨石毁灭，人类的生命形态很可能转变了。
所以桂花奶奶才成了地球最后一个人类。
因为后来醒过来的人类已经不能算是纯地球人。而之后地球很可能发生了大战，也许他也掺和了一脚，最后他可能选择了同归于尽的方式。
当然，目前这一切都还是他的推测，具体如何，也许他要到木星中走一趟，才能知晓到底是怎么回事。
水龙在第九十九天的傍晚出现在海面上。
水龙见王叶已经获知能量本源的秘密，就跟他说了龙族和这个族地的来历。
龙族族地并不是外来的秘境，而原本就是双月星的一部分。
当年天降火雨，树人族长老和海族之王共同保护了最初之海和周围的一片空间，把它们单独分离出来制作成秘境。
这完全就是神灵才能做到的事情。
最初之海传说是双月星最初出现的大海，一切生命都从这里起源。
包括那位海族之王。
这位王是最早的一位王，就连树人族都承认他是王。王活的时间也非常长，长到所有人都不知道他活了多久。
当年，他隔离的秘境也不止一个最初之海，实际上现在所有智慧种族拥有的秘境，都是他当初帮忙隔离出来，提供给那些种族居住。
那位王在完成这一切后失踪了，谁也不知道他去了哪里。
树人族把这个秘境交给了新出现的种族龙族，另一个秘境交给了精灵族。
龙族和精灵族实际上也是在守护这两个秘境。
王叶默默估算了一下当年双月星的真实大小，不由咋舌。
双月星现在体积就不小，再加上那么多秘境，整体体积至少超过地球七八倍，也怪不得她能哺育出这么多智慧种族。
被王分割的秘境中，都有一处保留了双月星原本的本源能量。
而这种地方也是每一个智慧种族最大的秘密和依仗，就是本族人，地位没到一定程度也不会知道，更绝不会让外人知道和进入。
龙族这边也就是龙族全都离开，水龙又看王叶顺眼，这才让他来这里试着感知和感悟。
水龙觉得王叶突破到十一级的希望最大，他希望这里能帮助王叶真的突破。
事实上，王叶觉得自己在掌握了本源文后，他的精神力和实力都已经妥妥突破十级，已经达到十一级的层次。
可他认为还不行，这个世界就是不让他突破。
这就好像一个盒子已经塞得满得不能再满，王叶已经把里面的东西经过各种压缩手段压缩得不能再压缩。
但盒盖就是不肯打开，王叶感觉自己好不容易顶开一条缝隙，上方就传来更大的力道把盒盖硬生生压下去。
王叶觉得古怪，难道这个世界就是不允许十一级出现吗？
还是说不到某个时候就不行？
或者是游戏系统的缘故，因为他的经验值还不够，所以不能从一百级往上升？
王叶查看自己的经验值，一百级的经验值是一亿点，他现在的经验值有1亿两千万还多。
王叶不相信一百级之后每晋升一级就要两千万以上的经验值。
如果真是这样，那玩家们几乎不可能升到101级。
所以他为什么到现在还不能突破一百级？
王叶只好去翻找他还没有完成的任务，他要看看他是否有什么疏漏。
未完成任务就挂在那儿，一目了然。
目前他还有帮助精灵族的任务链还没完成，不过这个只要等前任精灵王被抓到，任务就能全部完成。
然后就是消灭邪神巴勒的主体意识和最大主雕像，这个任务因为没有多少线索，也只能暂时放着。
解开千木之毒的任务也没完成，但他已经拿到主药材龙神果，而药方他已经研究很长时间，随时都能上手炼制。
王叶把目光落到最后一个他没完成的任务上。
【连带任务：远古巨兽的灵魂委托玩家隔壁小王把它的一只角交给王，并预先付出了丰厚报酬，请玩家履行承诺，务必完成该任务。任务无期限，完成后，奖励一万点经验值。请注意，此任务如不能完成，玩家无法超越最高等级。】
王叶把最后一句话看了一遍又一遍。
他当初以为不能超过最高等级是九十九级。
可现在他已经一百级，所以这个最高等级显然不是九十九级。
“所以这个最高等级是指双月星的天花板，十一级对吗？”
王叶郁闷无比，他都快把这个任务遗忘了。
这是要让他再去海族跑一趟吗？
虽然一万点不多，但它限制大啊！
不对，现在的海族之王真的是小角说的那位王吗？
王叶想到水龙跟他提起的那位远古之王，那位王才是和小角是同一时代的存在吧？
而小角说的王应该也是指的那位吧？
无奈，王叶只能去查找相关线索。
可水龙意识已经彻底回归天地，他本人在第一百天时也被龙族秘境排斥出来。
小云、小光、大黑他们也跟着出现在他身边。
王叶先联络精灵族的木守大祭司。
这位也知道那位远古之王的传说，但也只知道一点点，她也不知道这位远古之王去了哪里。
“那位远古之王应该已经离开双月星。”木守最后推测道。
“你去问问树人族吧，他们保留的远古信息最多。”
木守大祭司还给他推荐了几位以博学广知出名的树人，并表示可以代他联系。
王叶听到其中一名树人的名字，就谢过木守大祭司的推荐，自己联系了对方。
这名树人也是王叶的老熟人，和他一起闯过旋风带的黄花树人。
黄花树人收到王叶联系时，又高兴又惊讶。
“我的孩子，好久不见，听说你离开了第二关学堂，带着你的师父们跑出去浪了？你回到了陨星，还去了精灵族，现在你跑哪儿了？”
王叶笑：“您消息真灵通，我现在在龙族族地外面。”
“噢！你竟然去了龙族，你找到龙族秘境的入口了吗？需要我给你一点提醒吗？”黄花树人哈哈大笑。
王叶：“我刚从里面出来。实际上我有些事情想要请教您，关于那位远古之王。”
“咦？你竟然进入了龙族秘境，有龙带你进去的吗？好吧，这不是重点，你问那位远古之王？是我知道的那位远古之王吗？天变之灾发生之前、被当时双月星众生都认可的那位王？”
“对，就是他。”
“你为什么想要知道祂的消息？”黄花树人很好奇，又赶忙道：“当然，你可以不说。”
王叶面对魔镜不在意地摆摆手：“没什么不能说的，我受到一名远古之灵的委托，要送一样东西给那位王。”
“这样啊。那你可能无法完成这个委托了。那位远古之王在隔离众多秘境，给双月星保留下一点本源之力后，就离开了双月星。”
“离开？他去了哪里？”
“不知道。当初和祂一起离开的还有我们树人族的几位长老，以及各族一些顶尖存在。他们只说这个世界的规则即将改变，他们已经不适合留下，必须离开。”
王叶抓头，线索就这么断了。他要到哪里去找这位王，如果找不到，他是不是就再也不能突破？
这就麻烦了！
“黄花长老，有没有其他消息，哪怕只是推测或者只是传说也好，找到那位王对我至关重要。”王叶拜托道。
黄花树人看王叶是真急，他也很想帮忙，就跟他说：“你别急，我再问问其他人，看他们是不是知道什么消息。等我。”
魔镜变暗。
王叶也不想干等着，干脆就把龙神果复制到模拟室，开始尝试炼制最后一层的千木蜕变药剂。
晚上，魔镜再次亮起来。
王叶收到提醒，从模拟室出来，接通魔镜。
黄花树人先对王叶歉意地笑了下：“抱歉，我问了很多人，他们都没有详细消息。”
王叶已经有心理准备，闻言也没有特别失望：“谢谢，让您费心了。”
黄花树人忽然露出笑容：“虽然没有详细消息，但我从一株已经化石的古树上得到一段信息，这段信息提到了王。”
王叶精神一振，“请说。”
黄花树人说道：“那位远古之王有一位友人，这位友人的来历很神秘，大家都不知道他从哪里来，某天他就那么出现了，他在双月星游历，遇到了远古之王，还和那位王成为了好友。那段信息表示那位王曾提到过，说那位友人告诉了祂一个更加庞大、精彩的世界，这也是那位王第一次提到宇宙这个词。”
“那位神秘友人具体来自哪里？”王叶迅速问。
黄花树人摇头：“除了王和当时少数几位大佬，大概没有谁知道。对了，那段信息中还提到，那位王在带着大家离开时，曾给所有人一人发了一枚石片。”
王叶心脏重重一跳，“什么样的石片？”
黄花树人再次摇头：“这就不知道了。那段信息提到的就这么多。”
“非常感谢，这个消息对我很重要。”王叶用力揉脸，不管那位王拿出的石片是不是他以为的石片，至少也是一条线索。
“不谢，一瓶十级药剂，百年一梦，我出五份材料。”黄花树人很干脆地道。
王叶也非常干脆地点头：“可以。”
他就喜欢这样干脆的交易，不用欠因果。
双方约定在附近的药剂公会见面，那里有传送阵，黄花树人会携带药材亲自跑一趟。
王叶就先炼制了黄花树人指名要的药剂百年一梦，五份药材他只用了一份，剩下的四份就都归他了。
而这份药剂用到不少十级药材，现在如此财大气粗，随随便便就能拿出五份十级药材的存在可能也只有树人族这些长老。
五份药材看起来多，实际上十级药剂的成功率非常低。
也就是王叶有个模拟室能让他先练手，加上他变异的庞大的精神力，才能一份就成功。
送走高高兴兴的黄花树人，王叶就进入虫巢开始专心炼制最后一层的千木蜕变药剂。
第413章 与伯里的打赌
王叶把千木蜕变药剂倒入浴池，自己服下药引，躺进去。
“木木，回见。”王叶对站在浴池边的人影微微一笑，头脸也全部没入水中。
“回见。”雷木没有用细丝继续缠在王叶手腕上，千木蜕变药剂对王叶来说是蜕变药剂，对别人来说就是剧毒。
这次回头再见的间隔时间比王叶预想的要长。
他躺着无聊，就在脑中研究本源文。
从龙族秘境出来，他还试图感知双月星现在的本源文。
可能有过一次经历，这次王叶并没有花多长时间就感知到了双月星目前的本源文。
然后他就发现，双月星目前的本源文看起来和古魔文很像，但又有部分与原始本源文一样，两者交融改变，形成了一种新的本源文，也形成了新的规则。
由此，王叶有了一个大胆的推测。
他怀疑所有世界的本源文本质都是相同的，只是“语种”不同。
这些本源文就是了解一个世界的最基础。
那么想要深度了解和掌握本源文的最好方法是什么？
当然是拆开看啊！
拆谁？
要说王叶对自己身上什么东西了解最少、又最想了解的，那就非元宇宙钥匙莫属。
但元宇宙钥匙躲得比较深，王叶想拆它至少得先找到它。
找不到元宇宙钥匙，他还能拆谁？
呵呵，系统，我来啦！
王叶好愉快地把脑中游戏系统拉出来，开始感知构成它们的本源文。
王叶现在这种情况，就像有人打开一个电脑游戏，然后盯着游戏画面和那些功能键，想要看到背后的程序语言一样。
对别人来说这就是异想天开，根本不可能。
但王叶可以。
而这一看，王叶就看进去了。
这天，雷木有所感知，来到了靳蜘蛛的小楼。
原本靳蜘蛛的本体被放在隔离间，后来王叶给靳蜘蛛盖了小楼，就把靳蜘蛛的本体转过来了。
大黑顶着小光也跑了过来。
小云还在忙着种田，没空。
雷木没有推开小楼的门，而是就在门外等候。
他们也没有等待太长时间，小楼一楼的大门打开了。
一名有些文气的少年从楼内走出。
“老靳？”雷木试探地问。
少年仰头，失笑：“可不是我吗，真不习惯，没想到你会比我高这么多。”
“汪！”
“咿咿！”
“嘿，大黑，小光你们好。”少年走到门外，深呼吸。
活着可真好啊，能恢复青春更更好。
靳元辉是真没想到只花了九年时间，他就真正重返青春。
虽然他的实力也全部归零，他需要从头修炼，但这并不重要，重要的是他脑中所有该记住的知识都牢牢记住了，没有一点遗忘。
“小叶子还没有醒？”靳元辉一边活动腿脚，一边问。
“还没有，他睡浴缸显然睡得很开心。”雷木无奈道。
靳元辉哈哈大笑，“方便去看看他吗？”
雷木做了一个请的手势。
大家就一起转道去了王叶和雷木住的小楼。
浴缸里，液体已经全没了，王叶就那么躺在里面，身上盖了一条毯子。
不过他并不是很老实地躺着，他在动。
靳元辉就看王叶手舞足蹈，从浴缸这一头转到了另一头，过了一会儿又转回来。
“他在干嘛？”
“不知道，但我觉得他是在学习？”雷木猜测。
“看样子确实有点像，就像是在做某件事沉迷了。”
大家围着浴缸欣赏了好一会儿，这才笑着离开。
不知道是不是被围观嘲笑的缘故，没两日，王叶就醒来了。
好吧，他不是自己想要醒来，而是系统忍无可忍把他踢了出来。
这个小王八蛋，研究它的构成也就算了，竟然试图改写任务内容。
【特别提醒！玩家隔壁小王触犯系统基本规则，本应惩罚，但隔壁小王也变相发现了系统漏洞，功过相抵。】
【特别提醒！《极度危险》游戏系统发现系统漏洞，即将进入升级状态。升级时，系统只剩下基础功能可用，请玩家注意。】
“等等，这个系统升级只针对我？我的技能还能使用吗？”
"Wait, this system upgrade is just for me? Can I still use my skills? ”
【是的，目前只针对你的系统，以后会对玩家系统进行全面升级。你的技能可以继续使用。技能和知识都是玩家自己学会，系统无权剥夺。但在升级期间，系统会取消所有技能的辅助功能。】
[Yes, it is only for your system at the moment, and the player system will be fully upgraded in the future.] Your skills can continue to be used. Skills and knowledge are learned by the player himself, and the system has no right to take them away. However, during the upgrade, the system disables the accessibility features of all abilities. 】
王叶想了想，他好像没有利用系统多少辅助功能，也就不在意了。
Wang Ye thought about it, he didn't seem to use much of the system's auxiliary functions, so he didn't care.
“我还能领取任务和做任务吗？” "Can I still claim quests and do quests?"
【升级完成前，除了未完成任务，玩家不能再领取新任务。】
[Before the upgrade is completed, players cannot claim new missions except for unfinished missions.] 】
“那我还能发布任务吗？” "Can I still post tasks?"
【不能。】 [No, you can't.] 】
“那我现在就发布一个世界任务，让玩家们帮忙找邪神巴勒并消灭它。”
"Then I'll issue a world quest right now, and let the players help find the evil god Balak and destroy it."
【可以。】 [Yes.] 】
王叶编辑好任务内容，立刻发出。 Wang Ye edited the content of the task and sent it out immediately.
“对了，邮箱功能和交易行功能还能使用吗？” "By the way, can I still use the mailbox function and the transaction line function?"
【邮箱可以，交易行不行。】 [E-mail is OK, but trading is not.] 】
“最后一个问题，我还能携带智慧生物来往地球和双月星吗？”
"Last question, can I still carry intelligent beings to and from Earth and the Twin Moons?"
【可以。地图之间的传送是基本功能。但在系统升级期间，系统将无法记录新地图。】
[Yes.] Teleportation between maps is a basic function. However, during the system upgrade, the system will not be able to record new maps. 】
“了解，我没问题了，你可以去升级了。” "Understood, I'm fine, you can go upgrade."
系统瞬间静默。 The system fell silent for a moment.
王叶觉得他好像把系统给惹火了。 Wang Ye felt as if he had the system.
“嗨，木木~”王叶抓着浴缸边沿，爬了起来。 "Hey, Mumu~" Wang Ye grabbed the edge of the bathtub and climbed up.
雷木抱臂站在浴缸前，开玩笑道：“睡够了？” Lei Mu stood in front of the bathtub with his arms crossed and joked, "Enough sleep? ”
王叶搓搓脸：“睡得我腰酸背疼，我睡了多久？” Wang Ye rubbed his face: "I have a sore back from sleeping, how long have I been sleeping?" ”
“将近七个月。” "Almost seven months."
“还好还好。”王叶吁气。 "It's okay, it's okay." Wang Ye exhaled.
王叶裹着毯子站到镜子前，突然惊喜地叫道：“木木，我有胡子了！”
Wang Ye stood in front of the mirror wrapped in a blanket, and suddenly exclaimed in surprise: "Mumu, I have a beard!" ”
十七岁接近十八岁的大男孩有了一点软胡须，但还不怎么能看出来。
王叶已经迫不及待地拿出了一把锋利小刀，用肥皂打了点泡沫，就开始刮胡子。
Wang Ye couldn't wait to take out a sharp knife, lather it with soap, and start shaving.
雷木：“……” Raimi: "......"
刮掉那几根软胡须，又洗了个澡，王叶摸着光溜溜的下巴，幸福地感叹：“爸爸终于是爸爸了。”
After shaving off those soft beards and taking a bath, Wang Ye touched his smooth chin and sighed happily: "Dad is finally Dad." ”
雷木忍笑，“老靳想见你。” Lei Mu couldn't help but smile, "Lao Jin wants to see you." ”
“就来。” "Just come."
当日午后，虫巢成员齐聚湖边小亭，大家一边吃吃喝喝，一边聊天。
In the afternoon of the same day, the members of the hive gathered at the lakeside pavilion, and everyone chatted while eating, drinking, and drinking.
“老靳，恭喜啊，没想到你年轻时还是个小帅哥。”王叶吃着花生米怪笑。
"Lao Jin, congratulations, I didn't expect you to be a handsome guy when you were young." Wang Ye ate peanuts and smiled strangely.
靳元辉哭笑不得：“多谢夸奖。我有点事想跟你说。” Jin Yuanhui couldn't cry or laugh: "Thank you for the compliment." I have something to tell you. ”
“什么事？只要我能做到，尽管开口。”王叶对家里人一向大方。
"What's the matter? As long as I can, just ask. "Wang Ye has always been generous to his family.
靳元辉踌躇片刻，还是说道：“我打算去陨星魔法学校。”
Jin Yuanhui hesitated for a moment, but still said, "I plan to go to the Meteorite Magic School." ”
“哎？”王叶一愣，“你是想？” "Huh?" Wang Ye was stunned, "You want to?" ”
靳元辉看看惊讶的众小，点头：“就是你们想的那样，我打算进入陨星上几年学，先把自己实力都恢复。然后大概率会留在陨星做教授。”
Jin Yuanhui looked at the surprised crowd and nodded: "That's what you think, I plan to enter the meteorite for a few years to study, and first restore my strength." Then there is a high probability that he will stay in Meteorite as a professor. ”
雷木和王叶互看。 Lei Mu and Wang Ye looked at each other.
王叶沉吟片刻，抬头：“好。我等会儿送你过去。” Wang Ye pondered for a moment and raised his head: "Okay." I'll send you there later. ”
靳元辉微笑，他就知道小叶子会同意。 Jin Yuanhui smiled, and he knew that Xiao Yezi would agree.
王叶心里舍不得，但他并不想拘束家里任何一个成员，他们留下，他很高兴，他们要走，他也不会挽留。
“虫巢的进出权会给你保留，遇到危险，你就传送回来。”
“我知道。”
“不过如果我离开双月星，你可能就无法传送到虫巢了。”
“哈哈，了解。”
王叶到底忍不住：“你真的不跟我们一起走？地球那边在帮我收集石片，他们已经有头绪了。”
“我也很想跟你们去寻找新的世界、寻觅新的机缘，但……我还有些私事没有了结。”靳蜘蛛也不是不心疼，跟着小叶子到处跑，其实也挺有意思的。
但有些事不能解决，他怕自己会因此形成某种心理障碍。
“什么私事？需要我们帮忙吗？”王叶刚问完就反应过来：“你的私事不会是指海王和那位城主伯里吧？”
靳元辉默认，不等王叶雷木表示不赞成，就快速说道：“对于海王和伯里，我都有一份责任。叶子，你是不是打算去知识之城一趟？”
王叶：“是有这个想法。”
他想把能学到的知识都学到手。
“那么你去知识之城的时候，把海王和二号傀儡以及其他傀儡都带出来吧。我跟时校长谈过，他很欢迎学校在炼金学院下再单开一个傀儡制造系，到时就直接交给海王负责。”
“你不一起过去？我上次没有实力反抗，但这次，就算和伯里面对面，我也不用怕他。”王叶很碉堡地道。
斯文风的少年靳元辉笑起来：“我知道你现在很强，不过我这次就不跟你一起过去了。我现在实力太弱，刚醒来也不适合让精神力继续进入那只蜘蛛身体内，我很可能会成为你们的拖累。你先把我送到陨星吧。”
王叶见靳元辉铁了心，也没再强求。
不过他暗中给雷木传音：“老靳这是怕拖累我们？”
雷木：“八成是这样了。还有两成，大概也是舍不得老朋友。另外，老靳留下也好，双月星需要他。他目前掌握着整个双月星最全的炼金知识，还精通魔族的炼金手法，陨星学校那边也很希望他能担任学校教授。”
王叶一想也是。他要去找其他师父，未来等同于未知，谁也不知道会遇到什么事情，有可能遇到机缘，也有可能一无所获，甚至亏本。
靳元辉现在刚苏醒，实力归零，就算他有满肚子炼金知识，也因为实力不到位，只能从低级炼金开始。
换言之，靳元辉跟着他们，很可能变成被保护角色，这对于一个骄傲的大佬来说，恐怕很难接受。
还不如留在陨星，既可以安心恢复实力，还可以发挥他圣级炼金师的部分作用——教学。
休息一晚上，第二天王叶就瞬移回了陨星。
时校长看到徒弟，先和他打了一架，打完，把徒弟臭骂一顿。
王叶理亏地任他骂：他在浴缸里躺了七个月，身体都僵硬了，虽然经过一天一夜他已经恢复过来，但又成长的身体和七个月前的他自然是不协调的。别人感觉不出来，像时校长这样的武师大佬，稍微过几招就能察觉不对。
时校长骂够了，才问王叶是怎么回事。
“我炼制出了千木蜕变药剂，把千木之毒最后一层解了。但这次解毒让我躺了七个月。”王叶解释。
时校长高兴了：“千木之毒能解开就好！这个千木蜕变药剂又是怎么回事？”
“就是让我的身体资质更好、精神核容量更大，还能让我万毒不侵、自我恢复能力奇高的药剂。”王叶实话实说。
时校长抓抓唇角：“如果学校跟你购买千木蜕变药剂的配方？”
王叶摇头：“千木蜕变药剂不是一张配方。这么说吧，千木之毒就不是一张药方可以解除，它时时刻刻在变化，一开始我只能压制它、改善它对我身体的影响，但每次改善，其实也会让千木之毒进一步变异。然后我就拟出第二张药方，想办法再解决千木之毒给我身体带来的危害。如此，一步一步，随时都在变化，每个人体质不同，千木之毒的变化也会不一样。”
“疯药王不是给出解药配方了吗？”
“不是完整配方，只是一种建议和他认为，就像是一种提示。实际上的药方都得靠我自己思考。”
“原来如此，我明白了。这完全就是考验一个人的药学知识和对自己身体变化的了解。不愧是疯药王，这种方法确实能培养出一个天才徒弟。因为培养不出来的都死了。”时校长有些同情地拍拍徒弟的肩膀。
“没错，也就是老疯子运气好才能碰到我，换了别人，来多少死多少。”王叶咧了咧嘴，“师父，您实力又提高了。”
“托你的福。”时校长哈哈大笑，两只手一起上，揉乱徒弟的头发。
在时校长和王叶切磋的时候，靳元辉也和乾明副校长谈好了入校后的一应福利待遇。
分别即将到来。
王叶心里有些不是滋味，嘀咕：“师父们一个接一个地离开，下面会是谁？”
雷木突然显出身影，虚虚握住了他的手。
王叶抬头，立刻笑成一朵太阳花。
师父都跑了也没事，家里小的要离巢也没什么，只要木木能留下来陪着他，他就能每天阳光灿烂无所畏惧！
之后，王叶跑了一趟第二关学堂。
他在这里又待了将近一年，把考试全部刷过关。
学堂的后门对他打开，后面就是通往魔界的通道。
但王叶转身就走。
现在还不到他去魔界的时候。
知识之城。
以王叶现在的隐身能力，想要瞒过城主伯里进来很容易。
不过他去了一趟知识之塔。
在他开始刷卷轴知识时，伯里就来了。
王叶没理睬他。
伯里：“继续上次的比试吧。”
王叶这才给了他一个眼神：“你这次要赌什么？”
伯里大约看王叶已经是十七八岁的少年，他这次过来就也是同年龄的英俊少年外貌。
“你知道我为什么会留在这个世界吗？”伯里答非所问道。
王叶呵呵：“因为你有一个爱人，你舍不得她，但她的实力又无法跟你一起离开。于是你想给她重新创造一具天才的身体，让她获得最好的资质，这些年你都在等她长大，等待她的实力能达到与你同等的层次。”
伯里：“……”
“可能二，你曾经只是一个不被人注意的弱小废渣，被人嘲笑，被人侮辱。后来你有了奇遇，你终于可以变成天才，可谁想你的老师却是个贪心鬼，他利用你，夺走你的研究，占有你的成果，你忍无可忍，用一个长生成神的谎言把他给忽悠瘸了，可所有人都只记得你老师的名字，而不知道你是谁，所以你要做出更伟大、更让人震惊的事情，让天下人都记住你。”
伯里：“……”
“可能三，你被束缚住了，而你无法打破这个束缚。你想破开这个束缚的唯一可能，就是你突破到十一级。”
伯里的表情终于改变，“看来元辉跟你说了不少。”
王叶摆手：“你错了，关于你的事，老靳基本都没说。以上三种可能，只不过是我们家乡那儿常见的戏文套路。你属于第三种？你被知识之城束缚住了？你想脱离，你已经想出方法？什么方法，换一具身体吗？”
伯里心中万分震惊，这个人明明对他不熟悉，可简直就像是时时刻刻在监视他一样，竟然对他做的事情都一清二楚。
王叶乐：“我猜中了？这也是我们家乡那里常见的戏文套路啊。让我想想还有什么套路，对了，你知道神秘十四人吗？看样子你知道，其中一个不会是你的分身吧？哈哈哈，我是不是又猜中了？”
伯里也笑：“你们家乡挺有意思，我能知道你是哪里人吗？”
“不能。我们家乡不欢迎你，你太可怕了。你知道吗，在我家乡，你这种人就是高智商的反社会人格障碍的精神病患者。这种病人天生无情，不懂得与他人、他事物共感。对你们这种人来说，世界是盛是衰，他人是死是活，别的生灵过得多凄惨，都与你们无关。甚至为了你们自己的兴趣爱好，你们可以毁灭世界。”
“我对你的家乡越来越有兴趣了。”
“所以双月星反派的幕后大boss就是你？”
“大波斯？”
“我家乡话，就是老大的意思。”王叶上下打量伯里：“你好像很高兴？”
伯里也不知道是不是高兴，他觉得王叶特别有意思，以前从来没有人能这么和他说话。
上次他怎么就没有发现这个小孩这么有意思，如果发现了，他就能把人留下来了。
“我们打个赌吧，如果你能在卷轴、炼药、魔法阵以及炼金术这四个方面打败我，要四个一起，我就永远留在知识之城，不用这具身体突破到十一级就决不离开。离开后我也不会去找双月星的麻烦，我会立刻寻找通道离开。我知道宇宙中有能量更高的世界存在。”
"Let's make a bet, if you can defeat me in the four aspects of scrolls, alchemy, magic array, and alchemy, if you want the four together, I will stay in the City of Knowledge forever, and I will never leave without this body breaking through to the eleventh level. I won't trouble the Twin Moons after leaving, I'll find a way to leave immediately. I know that there are higher energy worlds in the universe. ”
伯里发现自己竟然再次体会到了兴奋感，这让他又高兴起来。
Bury found himself feeling the excitement again, and it made him happy again.
“包括你的精神体？你会收回所有你的分身意识？”王叶确认。
"Including your spirit body? Will you take back all of your doppelganger consciousness? Wang Ye confirmed.
“当然。我会说谎，但我不会在这种事上说谎，那会让我失去我的骄傲。如果不是这份骄傲，你以为双月星现在还会这么安宁吗？”
"Of course. I will lie, but I will not lie about this kind of thing, and that will make me lose my pride. If it weren't for this pride, do you think the Twin Moon Stars would be so peaceful now? ”
王叶心中一动，他想到了一个可能，脱口道：“你和瘤背怪也有联系？”
Wang Ye's heart moved, he thought of a possibility, and blurted out: "You are also related to the tumor back monster?" ”
伯里勾唇一笑，笑得邪魅又英俊：“不止瘤背怪。” Bury hooked his lips and smiled, smiling wickedly and handsomely: "It's not just the tumor-backed monster. ”
“也是，你能联系上瘤背怪，以你的聪慧怎么会看不出背后的智慧寄生虫族。”王叶：比帅，输了。
"Also, you can contact the tumor back monster, how can you not see the intelligent parasite behind it with your intelligence." Wang Ye: Bishuai, lost.
“我输了，我会留在知识之城。你呢？”伯里盯住王叶。
"I lost, I will stay in the City of Knowledge. What about you? Bury stared at Wang Ye.
王叶懒懒一笑：“我输了，就负责带你离开。你现在已经有办法骗过这里的某个束缚你的规则，但你还是需要冒险，但有我帮忙就不一样了。你想想看，两个你，能做到什么事情？”
Wang Ye smiled lazily: "If I lose, I will be responsible for taking you away." You've got a way to trick one of the rules that bind you here, but you still need to take risks, but it's different with my help. Think about it, what can you do? ”
伯里表情不动，但他同意了王叶的赌注。这也代表他承认王叶的天才程度不亚于他，当然他永远都不会明明白白地说出这点。
这次比试两人没有一味追求时间，从六级开始，一级级往上推，普遍的、偏门的、少见的、特殊的，一样样来。
王叶把这次比试也当做了一次学习。
他得承认，魔法阵和炼金方面，伯里是真的强，他跟得非常勉强。
炼药，他比伯里强一些，但也不多。
卷轴，他们可以算得上平手。
但王叶有个优点，那就是他学得越多，后面就会越通顺。
有些人学着学着就学不下去了，但王叶不，只要给他足够的时间，他最终能弄懂难题，并向下一关进发。
伯里这次也不是想要为难他，相反伯里需要对手。
半年后，伯里和王叶一起坐在知识之塔的塔顶喝酒。
王叶自己酿的酒。
“元辉他现在恢复青春了？”
“是啊。”王叶醉醺醺的，半靠在酒坛子上。
“他让你把海王他们都带出去？”
“是啊。”
“哼。”伯里哼得很小声。
王叶侧头看他，“我突然发现我们有点像。”
“你才知道吗？”伯里嗤笑。
王叶也跟着吃吃笑：“得感谢我姑姑，还有我师父和木木，如果不是他们，你是双月星的祸害，我就是我们蓝星的祸害。”
伯里现在已经分不清王叶是真醉还是假醉。原来王叶是蓝星人？怪不得他一直查不到他的来历。
“我在想，也许那些古早大佬的预言是对的，不过他们看到的很可能是最早的我，是没有死在脑瘤下，除了姑姑，就再也没有感情羁绊的我。也许我姑姑后来也被人害死了，然后我就彻底没了底线。”
王叶举起酒杯，遥遥敬了一杯，倒在地上。
他不是醉了才这么说，他是真这么想。
在破解游戏系统构成（源代码）的时候，他发现了一个小秘密。
那就是他在重生前的最后一刹那时，他还是有生命体征的。
换言之，如果没有元宇宙钥匙，他根本不会重生，他会在那一世的地球活下去！
如果不是他发现这个秘密太过震惊，又怎么会被系统找到机会把他踢出来。
“嗨，伯里大人，我有了一次机会，所以我希望你也能有一次机会。你看你身边的人，靳元辉也相当于重来了，海王如果带着傀儡们离开，他们也会获得新生。你就不想给你自己一次机会吗？”
“我当你是真醉了，但就算你醉了，我也要明明白白地告诉你，你没有能赢下全部的四场比试。”
王叶大笑：“认赌服输，我会带你离开。说吧，要怎么做？”
伯里敲敲塔尖，一只苍白的手非常不情不愿地伸出来，展开。
伯里拿起那手掌里的石片，递给王叶。
王叶接过，吹了吹，甩了个鉴定术：“呵，原来是这东西。我也有。”
“你知道这是什么？”伯里有些惊讶。
王叶晃了晃石片：“你不知道？这是通行证，不过需要有人带路，否则光拿到通行证也没用。”
伯里眼睛眯了眯：“你就是那个带路人？”
王叶但笑不语，但他已经不用再说什么，他的表情已经说明一切。
伯里：“这枚石片传说是远古之王留下，他们去了别的世界后，这些石片就四散地飞到世界各地，等待下一个有缘人。知识之塔最初就是包着这枚石片的一块石头，石头上刻写着一篇传承。最初发现石头和石片的人，就是第一代知识之城城主，他用这块石头做基石，建造了知识之塔，把石片当做最高奖励放在塔顶。”
“原来如此。”王叶呢喃，终于搞明白这些石片重复出现的原因。
实际上这些石片的使用原理和那个笔筒类似，都是单向钥匙，还会在使用后自动离开使用者。
伯里沉默许久，道：“我们再来打一个赌吧，如果你赢了，我就把十四人名单交给你，包括最后那些瘤背怪高层的下落。如果你输了，你要发誓不但要带我离开，带我去往石片指引的世界，而且十年之内都不能对我动手。”
王叶啪地打了个响指：“赌了！”
第414章 我就去看一看
王叶从知识之城出来就去了精灵族。
金宝看到王叶的时候，扑上来就咬他，用力咬。
“坏爸叽！这么长时间不来接我！”
金宝之前留下的时候，还以为顶多十来天他两个爸就会来接他。
但实际上，他一直等了两个多月，精灵族才最终选出新的精灵王和新大祭司。
然后就是先给精灵王进行全系元素浇灌，之后才轮到他。
被全系元素浇灌完，当然不是就这么结束。
金宝得和精灵王一起接受各系精灵术法的指导，只不过精灵王学得比较深，金宝就是从最基础学起。
学习很辛苦，但家里有个爱学习、还喜欢叫他们一起学习的爸叽，金宝已经习惯这种程度的课程。
精灵族以为金宝年龄小，对他们安排这么多课程肯定接受不了，八成要闹一通。
结果一看小小的金宝不但没闹，还接受良好，每天学那么多功课，还一副游刃有余的样子，顿时惊喜。
惊喜的结果自然是“适当地又给金宝加了一些功课”。
谁让这孩子的接受能力和消化能力都这么强呢？
对于比较天才的孩子，当然不能用普通的教学方法。
金宝可不知道自己被当做天才，他发现被增加功课，虽然有点小小不开心，但想到很快就能回家——最主要的是他不能给他小叶子爸爸丢脸，他爸叽那么厉害，他这个做宝宝的当然也不能弱啦~
精灵族一看金宝这么好学上进，一点都没有小孩子的闹腾，虽然有点小小顽皮，但他的玩法很聪明啊，而且小家伙就算要偷懒或逃课，他也不会硬来，而是会善用他所学过的所有术法。
教导金宝的精灵们都要爱死这个幼崽了。
金宝：咦咦咦？怎么功课越来越多了？爸叽都没有给我布置这么多功课，爸叽都说了宝宝现在还小只要学会怎么玩、怎么保命就可以了！
被压了太多功课的金宝愤怒了，他开始动脑筋逃课。
可他越动脑筋逃课，那些老师就越是会追着他超疯狂超热情地喊：“金宝儿，你真是天才，你怎么会想到用这种方法巴拉巴拉……”
金宝：宝宝想哭，想回家，爸叽快来接我啊~qaq~
金宝等啊等，等了一年又……幸好没满两年。
但一年半啊！
他等两个混蛋爸叽等了好多个一百天！
金宝咬完小叶子爸爸，就闷在他怀里呜呜哭起来。
王叶拎起金色小四脚蛇，往虫巢里一扔。这小坑爹货绝不是想他，更多的应该是想他的手艺、想他烹制的美食，晚上就给他多做一点他爱吃的吧。
小云接住金宝，摸了摸他的脑袋。
掉了两颗金豆豆的金宝蹭了蹭小云，嗅着熟悉的气味，终于安下心来。
“雷木爸爸呢？”金宝奇怪，雷木爸爸那么爱他，见他回来竟然没有来接他？
“雷木正在紧要关头。”小云用手指量了量金宝，小家伙长长了两厘米，不过肚子没那么圆了。
“紧要关头？雷木爸爸怎么了？”金宝担心。
小云叹息：“雷木本来是棵树，是树人，他就应该按部就班的按照树的状态来成长，但他非要化作人，还要化作他原来的人形，所以他现在正在学习血脉转换术。”
雷木之前就会血脉转换，但那更像是一种本能，是他无法控制自己主要血脉的表现，所以他才能主次不分，想出现什么血统就出现什么血统。
但这样其实对雷木并没有什么好处，这也是他实力增长比王叶慢很多的原因。
因为他的大量能量都在他无意识地稳定血脉状态时消耗掉了。
现在这种则是纯术法，学会后，不止雷木身上融合的血脉，以后他就算拿到别的什么血脉，他也可以利用这种术法来转换。
总之，这是个很了不起的术法，但很难。如果雷木不是树人，他都不敢尝试。
不过雷木真能掌握，对他也非常有好处。
最简单最常见的好处就是，如果是某种极端环境，雷木可以凭借这种环境中某种生物的一点基因，就把自己彻底转换为那种生物，甚至能获得那种生物的特有技能。
这简直就是最强的生存技能之一。
王叶在知道这个技能的强大优点后，就完全不反对雷木修炼这个血脉转换术了，他自己都想学。
不过他试了一下就知道，这个术法对于他的难度就像是原始人从零开始制作一架能在宇宙飞行的全智能机甲，不是不可能，但就算是他，也别想在短时间内学会这个术法，起步时间最少得几十年计。
这种术法真的要看资质（血脉），比如树人族就很适合修炼这种术法。
预言石和小光大黑他们都飞过来，跟金宝打招呼，好久不见了，不过金宝还是小小的一个。
金宝挨个打招呼，开心无比。回家真好啊~
“他是谁？”金宝爬到小云肩头，看向他后方，惊讶地瞪大了他的豆豆眼。
小云转过身，就看到金宝看过去的方向有个小摇篮，摇篮里躺着一个睡得像只小青蛙的小宝宝。
小云看到小宝宝就很宠地笑起来，轻声道：“他是小鲤鱼。”
“小鲤鱼？他是鲤鱼变的吗？我能吃掉他吗？”金宝突然很愤怒，他才离开家里多久，家里竟然就有别的宝宝了。关键是这个小崽崽还是人形！
“金宝，你竟然不再说叽呜了。”小云惊讶。
旁听的大黑：喂喂，你难道不应该担心金宝想要吃掉这个小可爱吗？
小光飞起来：“咿咿！什么小可爱，这就是个装嫩的大坏蛋。”
金宝很伤心也很好奇地问：“这个鲤鱼精是爸爸们生的吗？”
在外面听到这段的王叶差点崴了脚。
小云很懂事地把小鲤鱼的来历说了。
金宝顿时安心了，长长舒了口气：“原来是爸叽打赌打输了，不得不带上啊。那等我们到了其他世界，就把他丢了吧。”
预言石有一点点同情小鲤鱼，这家伙比它还不受欢迎，至少金宝他们可没说要扔了它，虽然王叶成天想着要把它扔进宇宙。
The Prophecy Stone was a little sympathetic to the little carp, this guy was less popular than it, at least Jinbao didn't say they were going to throw it, although Wang Ye was thinking about throwing it into the universe all day.
它不就稍微预言了一把嘛——就是它看到无数地球人昏倒后再醒来就变种了，它明明是好心，唉！
Didn't it just predict a little bit - that is, it saw countless earthlings faint and then wake up and mutate, it is obviously well-intentioned, alas!
大黑：“汪！”
大黑痛心疾首：金宝才离开他们多久，竟然就变得这么凶残？那些精灵都教他什么了？
Da Hei was heartbroken: How long has it been since Jinbao left them to become so murderous? What did the elves teach him?
精灵们：我们冤！
吃醋的金宝盯着小鲤鱼看了好一会儿，又看看自己：比可爱，输了……
王叶站直身体，就看到那几个送行的精灵盯着他的目光就像要燃烧起来。
那不是看上他，那是被夺了自家宝贝蛋的愤怒以及无比妒忌的目光。
“如果你方便的话，欢迎经常带金宝来玩。”木守大祭司抿了抿嘴唇，她明显在强忍笑意。
精灵们对金宝的看法，她不可能不知道。
自从金宝开始跟着精灵王一起接受各系精灵们的指点开始，就不断有精灵来找她，有的暗示、有的很直白地说出，希望能把金宝留在精灵族。
木守作为精灵族的前前任大祭司，她自然也是为精灵族着想的，她内心深处也希望金宝能留在精灵族，作为未来的王培养。
但是木守虽然常日闭着眼睛，可实际上她眼睛并不瞎。
金宝明显只是把精灵族地当做一个临时托儿所，他在这里留这么长时间，心里明确抱的想法是：我在这里接受全系元素浇灌，在这里学习，都是爸叽为我赚来的，我必须好好学习好好占便宜，决不能吃亏咯！
刚开始精灵们还想着金宝年龄小，如果能在精灵族待的时间长一点，和他两个爸叽分开的时间长一点，说不定金宝就不会再那么念着他两个非精灵族爸爸。
可事实上，金宝留的时间越长，就越是想念他两个爸叽，还有他的小伙伴们。
如果不是金宝和木守大祭司以及他两个爸叽约法三章，答应不会在圣地范围内直接使用传送术传送回虫巢，恐怕金宝早就跑掉了。
可金宝后来都干什么了？
超过半年，他就几乎天天逃跑，想着各种方法要逃出圣地。
这孩子聪明啊，他立的誓言是在圣地不能传送，但只要离开圣地，自然就不用受到约束了。
也就是这孩子还太小、实力也太弱，如果换他有精灵王一半的实力，他早逃出去了。
但这样的金宝，也让精灵们更加稀罕他——跟他同一代的幼崽们真的没办法跟他比啊！
但同样的，这样的金宝，强留只会留成仇。
木守就是看得很明白，所以王叶来接金宝，她立刻就同意了，并立刻就把金宝带了过来。
听到木守的邀请，王叶客套地答应着，他觉得下次再来精灵族，金宝大概是死活都不会从虫巢出来了。
有精灵张口，但不等他说出留下金宝的话，木守大祭司就抢先一步说道：“金宝儿非常想念你们，他几乎每天都想回去找你们。”
“小孩子都这样，离不开父母，恋家，等大了就好了。”王叶笑眯眯。
他当然知道精灵们想要说什么，如果金宝自己也想留下，他就算舍不得（呸，他才不会舍不得）也不会阻拦，但金宝自己不想留下，他干嘛要做坏人？家里又不是养不起那个小坑爹货。
“你们把金宝教得很好。”木守想起她曾问过金宝，问他为什么会这么多逃跑的花招，还能把知识活学活用，他说都是他小叶子爸爸教的。
“小叶子爸爸说弱小的孩子首先要学会逃跑和保护自己，其次要学会找食物。而想要掌握这两样，就要先学会动脑子和动手。”这是金宝的原话。
木守听了这话后，就丝毫不后悔把金宝交给王叶和雷木抚养了。
彼此客套几句，王叶就跑了。
再不跑，他怕那些原本对他友谊值很高的精灵们都要冲过来打他了。
实际上精灵们只是万分热情地想要王叶留下来做客而已。并希望他留的时间越长越好，最好带着一家老小就此驻扎在精灵族最好。
王叶这次一跑，直接就从双月星失踪了。
幸好他临走时给所有关系亲近的师长好友等都发了魔法消息，表示他要去异界寻找师父们和求机缘，但以后他还是会回来哒。
王叶就是这么有信心，他一定能活着回来，带着一家老小一起！
另外，王叶悄悄地单独跟时校长见了一面。
他跟伯里的打赌输了——因为那个卑鄙无耻的家伙在他同意对赌后，才跟他说要赌谁先找到疯药王当年留下的魔法塔。
就问连疯药王本人都记不住他的魔法塔在哪里的他的徒弟，要怎么比得过对整个知识城都了若指掌的城主大人？
王叶输了，虽然他通过伯里的行动也找到了疯药王的魔法塔，还抢了过来。
但他到底还是输了。
于是他只能帮助那个卑鄙的家伙，帮他从几千个受精卵中选出最好的一个，然后利用两人一起研究出来的魔法阵，对伯里进行精确转生。
是的，是转生，不是夺舍。
确定伯里的灵魂进入那受精卵后，王叶再用虫巢中的生命能量激活它、培育它，直到它通过伯里提供的魔法子宫诞生。
知识之城对伯里的束缚就是，只要他的本体还活着，只要他没有自然突破十一级，他就不能离开知识之城。
而伯里钻的空子就是，把自己搞成自然死亡状态，然后在灵魂飘散的那一刻，设法进入一个婴儿的身体，但又不能是夺舍，否则就是违反规则。
伯里研究到现在，最难的两点就是如何顺利转生，并让他的灵魂进入受精卵，还要能保证这枚受精卵能成活、能健康发育成长到婴儿诞生。
如果没有王叶，伯里会花很长时间研究转生魔法阵，最后转生为伯思圣的孩子。但实际上那到底是他，还是伯思圣本人，或者是拥有他们记忆的新灵魂，谁也不能确定。
可有了王叶帮忙就不一样了，王叶可以利用【生死轮回】来复活死人。
但现在他不用复活死人，他只要保证这个刚从身体里脱离出来的灵魂不会立刻消散，然后把他精确引导到选出来的受精卵中，这可比研究转生魔法阵简单多了——他们也用到了魔法阵，但简化了很多步骤，还不用怕出错。
伯里大概也觉得自己这件事办得很不地道，他不但把疯药王的魔法塔变相的双手奉上，还给王叶留了一张小纸条。
然后王叶就把这张小纸条交给了时校长。
那天王叶到底有没有醉，谁知道呢？
两个都是狡猾奸诈的，彼此都在算计对方，也明确知道对方在算计自己，只不过目前彼此算计的结果让双方都很满意罢了。
时校长看到小纸条上的一连串名字，还有几个地址，目光特复杂地看向徒弟。
“你其实会大预言术吧？”
“不，师父，您真高估我了，这就是一个混蛋留给我的，那混蛋叫伯里。”
时校长：卧槽！徒弟竟然和那个伯里交了朋友？！
时校长目光复杂，心情更复杂，用力拍了拍徒弟：“你辛苦了。”
所有双月星的顶尖高层都知道伯里是个大麻烦，但为什么没有人去解决他？
无他，伯里太强了。
就像王叶的战斗实力绝不是一个圣级那么简单，同样伯里也是如此，他精通魔法阵、炼金、卷轴和炼药，手下还有无数被他改造的怪物，想要彻底解决这个人，付出的代价不可想象。
当然，在裂隙战场的问题解决后，双月星的顶尖大佬们势必会把目光对准伯里。
但伯里也不是傻的，他肯定会做出反抗。
而在这期间，损失的会是谁？遭难的会是谁？
说白了，伯里就是光脚不怕穿鞋的，为了他自己，他什么事都能干得出来，而双月星的顶尖大佬们却不能不顾及整个双月星。
难杀，不能轻易动手，这样一个人又不得不解决。
原本以为伯里必然会成为双月星的最大毒瘤，可现在他徒弟却说这个毒瘤他能带走？
这不能说是解决伯里的最佳办法，但至少最大程度地降低了伯里的危害性。
大战也许恢弘，大战也可成就英雄、形成传说，可真论起来，又怎么比得上这么悄无声息地解决问题？
他徒弟在某种意义上，真的很了不起。他不出头当英雄，但他默默解决了多少事情？
简单说，王叶不仅救了整个双月星，还赢得了时间。
王叶对时校长挤挤眼睛：时间对我很重要啊，我现在不能突破，就打不过这鬼玩意。但等我突破，我还怕他个鸟！他敢惹事，我就废了他！
而伯里不明白这里面的别别窍吗？
他明白，但他想要挣脱知识之城对他的束缚，想要突破到更高层次，王叶现在就是他的最佳选择。
这是堂堂正正的阳谋。
不管时校长如何震惊，王叶给他的小纸条不是假的，上面的内容自然也不是假的。
大boss伯里就是这么冷酷无情自私自利：哦，你们是我发展出来的？那又怎样？我发展你们，只是想要帮我脱离困境、帮我突破到更高层次，可现在有别人帮我了，你们就已经对我没用了，不如干脆就把你们送给帮助我的人吧，就这样！
可怜那神秘十四人，还有好不容易逃出来的瘤背怪高层，他们身份暴露，被双月星超凡者、被玩家们追得比丧家的狗都不如时，完全不知道就是他们背后的大boss“就这样”了他们。
最后，王叶临走前，还干了一件震惊双月星土著和地球所有玩家的大事。
他又去考级了。
炼药、卷轴、魔法阵、炼金、魔厨、培植、召唤，七个专业，他全部刷到了十级！
此举让他赚到了巨多的经验值，但也不知是系统正在升级的缘故，还是因为那个任务的限制，他还是没有突破。
就在整个双月星的超凡界，甚至普通人都因为王叶这个名字炸开时，王叶回到了地球。
才两年不到的时间，地球的能量明显又增加了许多。
现在这里单论原始魔力的含量已经不比双月星少。
而地球现在还没到能量喷发最高期。
要说这两年变化最大的就是自然环境。
如今郊外统统变成野外，野外变成深山老林，深山老林变成人类禁足之地，而原本危险的地方只会更加危险。
野兽、鸟雀、虫蚁，包括植物，很多物种的杀伤力都在增强。
海里的变化更加猛烈，但因为和人类隔着一层，暂时还看不出巨大变化，但现在敢于在海上长途航行的船只越来越少。
天空，飞机倒是基本不受影响，因为华夏推出了魔力和科技结合的声波以及鸟类精神力干扰仪。可惜这东西对鸟类有效，对鱼类的效果却并不是很强，尤其对于大型鱼类。
另外人类世界变化最大的就是异能者增多，鞋教也增多了。
还有一件大事，就是华夏没有攥着初级基因进化药剂不放。一年前，华夏通告全世界，表示愿意向全世界提供初级基因进化药剂，并保证药剂和华夏人用的是一样的，而且价格也并不是特别贵，全球统一价，一支只要9999华夏币。
愿意交换华夏需要的技术和原材料的排前面。
愿意开展商贸、教育、医疗、科研等多项合作的能加塞。
纯给钱的往后排。
有国家不同意，想要用大义名义道德绑架华夏，逼迫华夏交出初级基因进化药剂的配方，但结果就是他们的拿药顺序不断往后顺延。
有想空手套白狼的，自然也有非常现实的。配方要到又能怎样？谁能确保这个药方就没有问题？
既然都担心，还不如要成药。 Since they are all worried, it is better to make medicine.
至于成药会不会隐含什么问题，在生命和尊严都快不能保证的现在，谁还在乎这点？
As for the question of whether the patent medicine will imply, who cares about it now that life and dignity are almost unguaranteed?
更何况华夏对外的信誉一向很好。 What's more, Huaxia's reputation with the outside world has always been very good.
有国家抢先一步拿到基因进化药剂，从上到下开始普及，当然都要花钱买，想像华夏这样全民免费那是不可能的。
Some countries have taken the lead in getting the genetic evolution medicine, and it has been popularized from top to bottom, of course, it has to spend money to buy it, and it is impossible to imagine that it is free for all people like Huaxia.
基因药剂对人类的影响显而易见。 The effects of genetic agents on humans are clear.
至少注射了基因药剂的人类不至于在面对变异的动植物后就只能躺平。
At the very least, humans who have been injected with genetic agents will not be left to lie flat in the face of mutated plants and animals.
虽然世界各地，包括华夏在内，都因为这样那样的事情出了一些乱子，但只要健康的政府还在、只要愿意保护民众的军警力量还在、只要正规的法制规则还在，这些乱子最终都没能掀起什么大的波浪。
Although there have been some troubles all over the world, including in China, because of such and such things, as long as the healthy government still exists, as long as the military and police forces willing to protect the people still exist, and as long as the formal legal rules still exist, these chaos has not been able to set off any major waves in the end.
华夏人一如既往地生活着。 The Chinese people live as always.
虽然工作、学习、乃至出勤都和以前有些微不同，路上还得小心各种动植物的袭击，但整体上都在健康发展，并没有混乱，更没有所谓的末世迹象。
Although work, study, and even attendance are slightly different from before, and you have to be careful of various animal and plant attacks on the road, on the whole, they are developing healthily, and there is no chaos, let alone the so-called signs of the end times.
王叶先去见了姑姑，路上他见到大量运动的人，很多人不再开车，而是跑步或骑车上班上学，现在谁都知道锻炼身体就会让身体素质更强，而身体素质越强越容易自然激发异能。
跟姑姑见过面后，王叶又去见了方老。
“你现在可是名声大噪。”方老一见到王叶就跟他开玩笑：“玩家们都开始刷你‘非人类、生化人、修真大佬夺舍重生、脑子里有超级芯片、积累N多世界的快穿任务者’之类，你就老实交代吧，你到底是哪种？”
王叶一脸无奈：“我哪种都不是。我就是纯人类，百分百王叶本人。至于我为什么会这么天才？”
王叶双手合十做感谢状：“感谢师父们教育的好。还有我应该是在学习上通了窍，知识真的是一通百通。另外大概就是我掌握了一个很有用的学习方法，但只对我本人有效。”
Wang Ye clasped his hands together and made a certificate of thanks: "Thank you masters for your good education." Also, I should have learned a lot about learning, and the knowledge is really comprehensive. In addition, I probably have mastered a very useful learning method, but it only works for me. ”
方老表示可惜。 Elder Fang said it was a pity.
王叶没再继续话家常，直接进入主题：“我打算去一趟木星。”
Wang Ye didn't continue to talk about homely things, and went directly to the topic: "I plan to go to Jupiter." ”
“你说什么？你要去木星？天上那个木星？”方老怀疑自己的耳朵。
"What do you say? Are you going to Jupiter? That Jupiter in the sky? Elder Fang doubted his ears.
王叶认真点头：“没错，我会用传送阵过去，那个传送阵你们不能用，因为不但在海水里，还在受过辐射的海水里。另外，我需要明确告知您，过去后我也不能保证会发生什么事情，只能请您通知上面，让大家做好准备吧。”
Wang Ye nodded seriously: "That's right, I will use the teleportation array to go over, you can't use that teleportation array, because it is not only in the sea water, but also in the irradiated sea water." In addition, I need to make it clear to you that I can't guarantee what will happen after the past, so I can only ask you to inform the above so that everyone can get ready. ”
方老有点方，他们是开始做准备了，而且已经准备了一年多。
Elder Fang is a little square, they have begun to prepare, and they have been preparing for more than a year.
但……
“陨石群会提前掉下来吗？”
“我不知道。”
“你能不去木星吗？”
王叶摇头：“我必须跑一趟。原因有二，其一，那些归来者很可能都集中在木星中，我得过去看看他们都在搞什么鬼，以及他们过来，为什么会带着陨石一起。其二，我一位师父已经提前过去，而且过去有四年多了，我实在不放心。”
方老头疼，于情于理他都应该同意王叶跑一趟。
但想到可能引发的后果，他……真的兜不住啊！
可王叶也不可能因为方老不同意他去，就不去木星。
当然方老也不可能真的不同意，如果有可能，他恨不得自己跑去木星一趟，不是看稀奇，而是需要了解天降陨石到底是怎么回事。
那老外留下的预言，前面那些灾难只要做好准备，都还能勉强解决，可天降陨石真的就要看运气了。
虽然各国联合作战（用导弹对付陨石）的计划书已经交上去，联合国也在讨论可能降下陨石群的事，但除了华夏以外，绝大多数国家都不相信，好多人都认为华夏在杞人忧天。
此时能派个人去木星上看一看，那当然是最好的。
如果王叶有能力在木星上直接设置一个观察站，并能把信号传回来，那就更完美了。
王叶可没有做这些保证，他甚至不确定他使用那个海底传送阵，是否真的能传送到木星内部。
方老紧急和上面的大佬商谈，各种会议开了一次又一次，这不是做样子，这是真的需要。需要协调的部门太多了！
牵一发动全身，指的就是这种情况。
最后大老板拍板，让王叶悄悄滴去，悄悄滴回。去探查一番总比干等危险降临要好。而他们已经做好了承受连带反应的准备。
王叶到底还是给他们吃了一颗定心丸：“根据万年前留下的预言，以及一位非常靠谱的预言大师的占卜，陨石降临的时间应该在十三年后。这个时间有可能会提前，但如果是我个人造成的，我发誓我一定会尽最大努力降低伤害。”
正在咬小鲤鱼精手指的金宝猛地抬起头：小叶子爸爸是在立flag吗？
11月13日，就是很普通的一天。
唯一特殊的，就是王叶在昨天刚刚过了他十八岁的生日。
王叶也没怎么特别庆祝——雷木没反应，他懒得过。不过网上好多人都在给他刷生日快乐——他的个人信息被预言者1999暴露过。
王叶用隔壁小王的身份发帖感谢了网友，这会儿谁也不知道这是隔壁小王用这个ID留下的最后一个帖子。
因为家里几个小的闹腾，王叶就做了一个超大的蛋糕，给几个小的分了。
他姑和他新姑父一起送了一盆他姑亲手培植的新型耐旱高产甜玉米给他。
方老代表异能局也给他送了生日礼物，四枚石片。
不得不说，国家的力量就是牛！
王叶个人也算是奇遇不少，但他至今为止也才收集到五枚石片。
现在加上异能局送给他的这四枚，他就有九枚了，他终于可以携带全家人去往那个神秘道场。
但不是现在，王叶已经计算好，他先去一趟木星找他虫师父，然后再去魔界找闻笛、兰道和疯药王三位，等回来，他才会考虑去那个神秘道场。
把一切都计算好、计划好的王叶再次来到了那处被辐射的海水宫殿中。
他走到宫殿石碑林的最中央，开始移动石柱上的符号。
移动符号的过程也没有任何危险，当王叶把最后一个符号移动它应该待的位置时。
“嗨，大家做好准备，我们要开始星际旅行了。”王叶略微有些紧张，毕竟这是一趟未知之旅。
金宝、小云、小光，还有大黑都发出了一声欢呼。
还是吃奶小婴儿的小鲤鱼吐出一个奶泡泡……生理原因，非他本意！
雷木还在努力化形中，无法给出回应，这让王叶有些寂寞，他悄悄骚扰了一下雷木的精神力。
雷木回给他一个弹指。
王叶捂着脑袋，笑得特傻。
“爸叽，这都过了有十几秒了吧？这传送阵怎么还没反应？不会坏了吧，还是没能量了？”金宝在虫巢里喊。
“我来看看。”傻笑的王叶正要检查石柱。
嗡的一声响，一道波纹荡开。
宫殿恢复平静，石碑林安静如昔。
只是原本站在中间石柱边上的王叶消失了。
异能局，还有华夏上层的所有知情者就开始等啊等，每天等得望眼欲穿，就等着王叶有个消息回来。
一天又一天，一年又一年，地球在稳步进化着，不是特别的轰轰烈烈，但也不是那么安稳。
地震确实出现了，还是很频繁地出现。
地震引起海啸、洪水、泥石流，还引起火山爆发，之后火山灰弥漫、温度降低、植物见不到太阳……
大量动植物死去，但随着地震后能量爆发，各种变异的、新型的、可怕的、奇怪的生物大量出现。
但好在大家都有了一些准备，一些容易爆发的火山边的住民都已经提前转移，海边的同样。
饥荒也来临了。
同样因为各国都有了准备，并没有人类大量饿死。
华夏在这方面准备得特别充分，还支援了一些确实闹饥荒的国家和地区。
加上大家身体都进化过，更有许多人觉醒了异能，或者修炼了魔法。这些人都可以试着去捕猎，虽然有损失，但也勉强能吃饱肚子。
纯魔法出现在人前，很快，魔法和科技结合的各种新科技产品出现了。
因为魔法、因为新科技，农业仍旧可以继续。
大型魔法可以驱散火山灰，也可以阻止洪水爆发。
疫病、伪神、战争，也出现了。
这在灾难时期几乎是不可避免的。
有些国家因此政权更迭，有些政府甚至就此消失。
但华夏这边自始至终都保持得很稳。
想要过安稳日子的人其实很多很多，只要政体自己没乱、只要上层还能稳得住，只要还能看到路面上有军警人员执勤，下面就也不会乱。
在接近四年的频繁地震期过后，地球进入了平稳状态。
此时的地球已经大变样。
陆地面积变大了，海里的山脉升了上来。
异兽异植和海洋异类成为了第二大势力，与人类相对，彼此都互为捕猎关系，但也有互相合作的时候。
王叶拿出来的几个传承在华夏乃至全人类都起到了绝大作用，尤其兽战士传承，竟然大大缓和了人类和异兽异植们的险恶关系。
人类生活也逐渐走向正规，原本《极度危险》这个全息游戏断过一段时间，但现在又有游戏人员回流。
华夏异能局公开了王叶的几大贡献。
另外一个挂在联合国下面的特殊组织，地球守卫战士也对外宣布，他们的现任也是第一任领导人就是隔壁小王。
隔壁小王的名字再次响遍全世界。
方老刚和王沐见了一面。
王沐是跑来问他知不知道王叶的消息。
方老根本没办法回答，因为他也在等待王叶回来。
晚上，方老仰头寻找着木星，呢喃：“这个臭小子现在到底在哪儿？有没有找到他师父？希望能一切顺利，如果可能就快点回来吧。”
王叶现在在哪儿呢？
不，应该说，他当初被海底传送阵传送到哪儿了？
王叶刚从传送阵出来时，就立即进入了虫巢。他担心传送阵周围有人看守，看到人过来就会把他抓住。
结果他等了好一会儿都没看到任何生物。
金宝几个都在探头往外看：“爸叽，这里是哪里？嗷嗷嗷，我喘不过气来了，爸叽，救命！”
王叶迅速把几个小的又拽回虫巢。
金宝几个除了大黑和预言石，都在拼命呼吸，他们还是第一次感受到窒息的感觉，太可怕了。
小鲤鱼小嘴张开，像是在笑，满是嘲讽的笑。
王叶对此倒是已经有心理准备，地球和双月星有氧气，不代表其他世界也有。
不过这里到底是不是木星内部？
为什么这里看起来更像是火星表面？
“爸叽！有东西过来了！”金宝眼睛尖，蹿到王叶肩头叫。
王叶凝神看过去。
虫巢中，一株嫩苗正在不断拔高，慢慢凝聚成人形。
雷木睁开眼睛，抬起手臂，微笑。很好，他终于再次拥有了血肉之躯。
王叶突然有所感觉，再不管外面有什么东西过来，一个瞬移出现在雷木身边。
“木木！”
“叶子。”高大俊酷的雷木伸出手比划了下：“你又长高了。”
王叶笑傻了，扑上去一把抱住雷木。
不管这里是哪里，只要有雷木与他同行，那一切都不是问题！
星辰大海，浩瀚宇宙，我们来啦~
